yeah i'm preparing myself to drop a lot on this man, but definitely need something reliable
yeah dude i would definitely consider a daniel defence super reliable and they are just bad ass
i'm about to meet my mans ex friend with benefit, tune in next week to see if i have to put hands on
i'm dead not looking forward to this
shouldn't the supporter's natural answer to 's hashtag be ?
or just insert itl to make .
you want to turn twitter followers into blog readers.
how do you do this?
besides if trump say his condolences it won't sound genuine, ex: (dwayne wade cousin) it will sound all political and petty
yea you right. but we do live in a world where republicans will harass obama about a birth certificate but won't say
jill stein &amp; her fan club can now officially go to hell -just vote trump &amp; be done with it
i love green but 3d parties might elect trump like nader elected bush in 2000 with gore there would not have been iraq war no wmd
well, i finally finished watching all the episodes of breaking the magician's code: magic's biggest secrets finally revealed on netflix.
now you are a walking spoiler...
ask about this. it's the whole reason he built . i've been hoping to see you get into it and start teaching it
i'm waiting for to wake up :p
then again, some sf hipsters would rather get crushed by a rack of fixie bikes in an earthquake than have to move out.
in seriousness, if the next 8.0 happens in my lifetime, i really hope i'm not walking around downtown sf when it hits.
does the dog also have polio
i think he is an old pupper ian he just wants some pizza tbh
accelerate operation in . best response for any action pakistan and army.
while accelerating corruption schemes before next topi wala gets the charge
bre takin shots
just standing up for my friends yo i figured i'd take it for them
nez is a tough customer. steals second, takes third on e2.
with a bad back andy! miss duffy but love eduardo too!!!
hillary had nothing to do with sid blumenthal, other than her slush fund paying him $10k/month while using him as a shadow intel source.
such dishonesty is unimaginable!
it's a genuine evil and you will be first against the wall in the nuremberg trials that result from this movie.
what was vibe at p&amp;i? at *packed* premiere w/ kids it was like muppet theatre, place went nuts applauding.
wow, this is such a gorgeous photo. what did you use to take it?
on behalf of whit, thank you!! he uses a canon rebel t6i
besides if trump say his condolences it won't sound genuine, ex: (dwayne wade cousin) it will sound all political and petty
nothing about trump and his tax returns
drunken ruggles in the cafe is one of the weirdest comedy scenes i can think of. in fact that whole movie is weird.
that's one of the things i love about it!
thinks you're mr. moon's son!
i'm okay with that. it had nothing to do with a bright orange astros jersey i was wearing
you think so ? a lot girls been fucking with it just not the right ones lmfao, but i'm thinking its time for the new cut
idk how females fuck with this
dad!! 's dad is our new favorite person.
u gotta love his dad
i bet these guys that are playing d for philly feel so fresh!
after those takeaways! bet they're competing for who gets the next one!!
4-0. i don't remember you ever winning. &amp; i took this one. you didn't "let" nothing.
i thought you was gonna let me slide
oh no she's back
you talking about the brand ambassador of watsapp?
after a long hiatus, i've joined a gym. thus ends my rather wonderful minimum viable body phase.
bay club or equinox?
and you can breathe now, too!
only reason i can exercise is because i can breathe now. it's awesome
you think so ? a lot girls been fucking with it just not the right ones lmfao, but i'm thinking its time for the new cut
gotta get that brad pitt from fury
"no one has the right to immigrate to this country." -donald trump during his rally in florida today we disagree.
will he be sand blasting that saying off the statue of liberty??
bringing back the memories! how bout this
the hair is questionable, but that is the best version of the song that i have heard.
internet friends are the best friends
unless you're catfishing me
cutler is the true definition of mediocre qb
and a crybaby.
yeah!! i googled it. i never heard of it until you mentioned it !!
stick with me kid.. i won't steer you wrong
the usual brilliance from
thank you. and far too kind
thanks man! and thanks so much for the preview write up as well! i'm glad you had so much fun with the game.
you are welcome! i still remember leaping out of my seat from a torpedo hit! it was my 1st one of many memories.
a family friend i'm staying with is making fresh pesto pasta she got a new pesto plant just for this dinner
they're seriously a perfect couple with a perfect family. their kindergarten son is helping his mom make the pasta
thanks so much :)! wish you were here so we could finally meet!
some day...
experience has taught me to never advise anyone on data recovery when betas are involved. anyone else know?
no. all restores from backup are on the public release train. profiles aren't included in backups.
wednesday and thursday in seattle, 's big conference
wish, but can't travel. enjoy!
only came to florida once ha
that's a lie lmao
if you haven't yet then do not update your phones with ios 10 update. it drains out battery like anything
but most of the guys are enjoying the ios 10 vg
- spent many sunday's there when i lived in cali!! ricky always too great care of me!!
love hearing that!! ricky still walks the floor during events to make sure everyone is having a good time. great host!
trump attracts the best people. amazing people. you wouldn't believe the caliber of people he brings to the party.
wow! you really bring out the best don't you girlfriend!
rep marsha blackburn you lying sack of camel dung! answer the questions asked instead of ducking and redirecting!
ps...at your age, cute act does not work any more!...maybe in high school, but you are like 80 years old now!
you people are tedious. he was told to get on the ground. he walked away and reached into his car.
i bet they don't knowxthe word feral, either
refer to my latest tweet for updates.
whatever i still want an invite to the wedding
woman who lied about pneumonia eager to release her medical records, right after she purges the ones about her yoga.
looking for independent medical exam for both!
when i talk to you, my day gets a whole lot better
i seriously, again wish you would contact me anyway possible. i'm not dumb. just in love. any connection to my life feels vryfine
sorry to bother, i need feature. hopefully you can help me by provide premium course video or tutorial, thx
saw your tweets, been preoccupied with an event
who's live tweeting on the west coast?
right here.
unbelievable this is a must watch 17 second video that will convince you not to support
i am definitely convinced that this woman is not sane !!!!
eww i'm sorry you had to deal with such fuckery today...
(it was my dad)
where was this? the art on the wall looks familiar.
lmhq at 150 broadway - it's a great nyc downtown rental office space, somewhat similar to a wework.
we are a country of immigrants who work together, even to fight and overcome terror. like this guy who spotted the...
and then there's these folks:
"the good place"
i think it was the dumpster falling on the guys vs. ted danson kicking a dog into the sun which killed it for me:
malcolm jenkins, steven means and ron brooks.
the clenched black fist, aka black power fist is a logo generally associated with black nationalism and...
why can't i queue apple music from apple's own remote app? why am i surprised by any of this?
i just want to rate songs in ios 10
moment new york bomber, 28, drags explosive through streets via
thanks to our law enforcement. we got em' fast.
it's a genuine evil and you will be first against the wall in the nuremberg trials that result from this movie.
(ps - my review namedrops the last metro so do your worst...)
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
hi i fixed your refugee campaign. you're welcome!
can we talk about how has become an important show?
in a time of carpool karaokes and fallon enabling racists, the fact that this happens on network is important.
i just stopped a roomba from rolling out a front door and falling down a step.
in the future our robot overlords will honor acts of heroism such as preformed by
stop squirming. you're making it hurt worse.
you are a keyboard warrior champion
it's late september, which can mean only one thing: summer has finally come to the bay area.
"from hell's heart, i stab at it; for hate's sake, i spit my last breath at it." bring on fall!
tia becomes segun odegbami international college/sports academy
excellent tune kadondo
that's what i figured ;-)
i mean, i can't say i'm surprised to hear that you crush it as a reviewer. fun to see the shout-out!
they're seriously a perfect couple with a perfect family. their kindergarten son is helping his mom make the pasta
the husband is spanish and the wife is italian so they're all speaking to each other in different languages and it's kind of adorable
heres what he looked like on got. named jason mamoa hes a hunk!
alan sarapa has a bunch of pictures of jason on his twitter feed today. yummy ones!
woo! how was it?
steep, tiring, pretty, windy
yeah!! i googled it. i never heard of it until you mentioned it !!
also, this happened today:
i don't drink anymore thouggh
im sure the other people ull be going with doo... idk im just trying to help here :/
i used to love me some amber rose but she turned into a loose weirdo, fame fucks those people up lol
idk why ppl make them famous? really sad!
i've read more books in the last year than in the preceding 2-3 cumulatively.
why does this screen use so little of my my display
people i know irl keep complementing my videos and it's awkward cause i've kind of given up on that for now...
oh no! i subscribed to your channel and saw your videos are private now. it was a good channel fwiw :)
what's a good place to get free beats? i have two freestyles.
by making them yourself
i've got a shirt idea for "jade 9:11" "call it before she gets you"
what do you think jade?
the metaphor goes deeper. one of the things they feared from eastern european jews was their exposure to radical po...
they feared jewish communists. but no one should be deceived by that. anti-semitism was prevalent. coughlin was spewing hatred.
hey i ordered from you guys september 2nd still haven't gotten my stuff and tracking gives me no info.what can i do now?
can you help me find this package order number is and tracking is 9405510200830283285230
thanks, girlie!! my writing has improved so much from doing reviews. i kept writing, like you said.
girl i look at my reviews from when i first start and be like ....what in the world???.
my hell would be people eating crunchy foods near me, forever.
is it on early? i'm so confused!
do one on if the earth is flat
you did it ima rt lmao
she dreams of all that she can never be / she wades in insecurity / and hides herself inside of me
lol depressed mariah is me
the social manager in me is sympathizing rn...so many brands looked up to the lil candy disc legends
same. somebody was having a carefree monday until a few hours ago.
"you know, the thing about cancer is that you can't remove only part of it. you need what one might call a final solution."
this is a helpful comparison. one on the left much more lurid, eliminationist. but we're getting there.
why does this screen use so little of my my display
"what are these? tough targets for ants?!"
did someone pee in ur cereal this morning? u look &amp; talk grumpy! u should retire!!
who started this.....?
um please tell me even if you can't see the truth you can at least see that i'm female?
you called me bro, bro...i thought we were bros?
i just really want to know is beating down a group of bears this badly considered a hate crime?
ask me how i know i've lived in san francisco long enough ... ;)
this is so real.
smh i feel so behind, i'll catch up eventually lol
betting android phones won't have headphone jokes in the next 18 months
i hope you're right.
i know, i know, i'm white. but i don't even hear it. obv it exists. but largely a media/machine concept at this point. to distract
ignorance is racism's best friend. you realize that, don't you?
2-0 baby!!!!!! 2 and fucking 0! kid is the real deal!!!!
i'm impressed
avast, ye mateys! it is almost time for a perfect day fer it!
imagine a pirate twitter chat!!
guess youre gon have to bite me hahaha
&lt;-- she volunteered so... yeah. haha. go for it, krys. no turning back now
after yesterday, i think the chargers, browns, and vikings are competing for most injured..
cutler now too. all these guys after just 2 weeks? fuck man.
yeah. i'm still confused.
microsoft wins this one. that's my take.
just needs our extra attention - all is okay :-)
sending good vibes for health
but lets not forget about the mercury retrograde
i can never forget because it is messing up my life
new farro recipe alert! you have to make this. so good and so easy!
farro all day er day. thanks for sharing!
media advisory: to avoid stigmatizing muslims in ny/nj bombings, please use photo of brock turner, in lieu of photos of ahmad kahn rahami.
love you ann - so smart and right on each time!
about 10:30. tonight, she started a tad late (around 8:20).
awesome! thanks! i am going sunday! was it amazing?
who's website templates do you like better? restore 316, thrive, elegant themes, a different company?
i like elegant themes. their new divi 3.0 is amazing.
fuck i wish i had nyc vip imma be in little rock vip by myself like
ahxnxck girl you should've snatched that nyc m&amp;g
thanks! what about in pentagon city on 12th street?
same, we'll announce open date soon! some things are worth waiting for
thousands cheer in lee county
while he was telling lie after lie about the bombings.
peterson got so lucky
meniscus his season still done.
not having my beard anymore is devastating
let's work. email
thank you so much for your support!
no problem! thanks for putting together such a great documentary!
we actually debate this sometimes. hitler or mussolini? he sort of blends both.
blend hitler's psychotic charisma duce's bombast and buffoons adnoid hynkel &amp; be...
no you deadass said i'm getting a crouton for my room and i said tf a crouton? and you said you don't know what a crouton is?!
this is funny af
they aired the first two eps after the voice tonight
but it's 8pm pacific
i had that for a while before i grew it out i do fuck with the style though might be the wave ,
i had it for a schminute
thanks! what about in pentagon city on 12th street?
same - some things are worth waiting for
queens is an incredible borough. it has a lot to offer &amp; so do the people from there. my borough needs a movement. it's a world all it's own
if that happens then the only thing that will move up is the rent prices. i'm good with queens being lowkey awesome.
farro is so the new quinoa
and peas are the new cauliflower
chip tried to make us forget how important winning the time possession game was. d looks great. impressed by pederson &amp; staff.
love the offensive play calling.
i don't want to get too excited, but looking ahead, i don't see a loss on the eagles' schedule until they play new england again in 2019.
they're going for the rings!!
hey you were great on days today
thanks tia!
goddamit that degrom image is so good i hope i never lose it.
which???????? send to me for backup.
the sick part is i'm going to talk myself back into them by 7 pm sunday. you know it, i know it, and the whole world knows it
worst part is they haven't covered a spread yet so you know what that means....
no no no no don't even bother. game walkthroughs on youtube are better than the dr1 anime.
it's okay i've already watched the entire dr1 anime
"well, my kid loves swallowing batteries, so i guess it's probably good for him."
hey whatever charges them up! **dances and spins to 18 seconds of stevie wonder before scene change**
carson wentz is supposed to be the rookie? jay cutler says "up yours, i'll show you"
jay cutler is a young man yet, he still has time to prove us all wrong, wrong again schlegel hahahhahahha
every time i look at your icon i actually almost pass out. you're so gorgeous it's insane
maura!! you sweet little angel doughnut princess
would've been interesting to talk to laughton abt that one. how he built that character, as opposed to others he's famous for.
i love how broad he plays it (at times) w/ "takes" and bugged eyes, etc.
couldn't help myself
if i'm being totally honest, i went far out of my way for this one
let me help you get started on that summer 17 body.
*birthday body. lmao your classes just start so early
just my opinion, &amp; i would like to get bears twitter thoughts on this take: jay cutler should never take another snap for this team again.
think bills sign him after he is released next offseason?
inside one of the most remote mines on earth. mine 2b, svalbard. contax 645, portra 400.
holy hell thats cool.
cant trust pace with the 1st, hell cut long and draft a guard to replace him.
none of the numbers justify paying anyone.
the wildest moment of adid was overlooking the skyline and seeing two gigantic air force heli-planes emerge from behind the buildings
the set was so heavy &amp; it was too surreal i was just
he's the god
true that
the choke wasn't hard enough
bitch duh i love it rough, damn near cut my circulation off for half a second
the way jay cutler feels about football is the way i feel about football.
this is basically jay cutler
do not fucking do this to me!
they did till the winter season
but bog came out with a bang this year tho.
shutuuuupppp
we'll see what happens i gotta figure it awl out
which im sure u will! bless up fam
i've had the distinct honor of making a pilgrimage to his final resting place. was a moving moment
saw him speak a couple of times and got his autograph.
little clip of me giving a well served lap dance (part1)
umm, tomorrow is my birthday ^//^
in my personal experience, it's pretty tough to get around on a 104 mph fastball.
hard to around on those fastballs- but i always wonder how chicks get around on those broomsticks
my favorite game to play while looking for food is "is it moldy or nah?" followed by the bonus round "it's fine just eat around it"
tonight's winner: this moldy cantaloupe i still very much plan on eating
i don't know what good me saying this will do, but i believe in your ability to be healthy and take care of yourself.
i'm sorry it's so hard.
"you have serious problems" yes yes i know.
who said that bc i didn't
honestly i cri everytime
it was so cute i'm so sad
we will overcome
still going. just a bit sadder now
lol but do it for school
maybe in my class last semester lmao
l@ the haiti president said that hillary tried to bribe him
it took a lot of courage for that state senator to speak out. so glad that he did!
gov't scraps excise tax on locally assembled cars, motorcycles
attention star is on itunes now
the way jay cutler feels about football is the way i feel about football.
remember when john fox legitimately thought jay cutler's name was jake utler?
obama will send bomber 2guantanamo only to grant amnesty 2him next month. jv team will return!
obama sends bombr 2guantanamo only 2grant him amnesty next month. jvteam will return for round! thx obama
wutttt no it's not julie
hahaha...fun if it were!
to dinner at the applebees
"the" applebees get a drink for me, eddie
haven't touched my ps4 in weeks but i think tonight i will finally start uncharted 4. totally forgot that i bought it lol
i've downloaded mine earlier this morning so that i can complete it.
you're not kidding. asap. busy this weekend? come see my next show!
are you in that safe musical???
can't decide if my sing review is shaping up to be too harsh, or not harsh enough.
i still haven't forgiven them for undermining the positive message of despicable me with its painfully heteronormative sequel
i heard he could play this week
really? i heard he was done. that was early report though.
i lowkey wanted to kill you but everytime we stopped to eat i got happy again especially when we stopped at magnum
i'm pretty sure angely wanted to kill me more lmao
not a single reporter noticed that hillary's entire staff was on death's door and a doctor was following her around?
and she had her blue , double vision glasses on!
for real, come by if you can.
good riddance to that space.
totally stole my sign content from the title of 's excellent piece
this made my day!
open twitter and see dems are more upset over a skittles comment than the terrorist attack we just had.
you're confused. liberals are laughing at the stupidity of skittles analogy and people who need it to understand politics.
yeah, weekend series were usually packed with sox fans. always wanted to do a trip down for that
$8 marc train from dc to bmore. it was a dream.
fr same, gotta make it to the police academy and give out some mf tickets :/
same law school's waiting for me ://
finally watching 'the night of'-when shorty whipped out the knife trick i would have immediately called it a night and left.
the night of dumb fucking decisions
this is the greatest struggle and also why i have so few friends tbqh
i couldn't be bothered. honestly, if my kids are hacks, i will be very conflicted
lol nah you gon work for this w.
my time is coming just wait on it
thanks for your interest! currently, this feature is only available to a small group of snapchatters.
you were deadass better off not responding...
it was 98 today. anything that can be done to shield me from that evil orb i favor.
wow you even beat burbank by a degree
some personal news: i've now held a gym in pokemon go for 48 hours and counting
well, what type of pokmon is it?
geez i actually have to look up "cogent". thanks
well, maybe you should look up "keyboard warrior" while you're at it.
fallout 4 mods
sony confirmed they have no plans for f4 or skyrim mods. sucks.
the nyc bomber gets taken alive but a black man in full surrender gets gunned down&amp;left to bleed.
mike brown part 2: hands were not up
send beats to femi.14.com
hey hyd check these beats
i forgot how much i loved this song.
it's so great.
where do you go???? i've been looking for a good place
i used to get because of my physical therapy.
ramseys (and atty) had nothin2gain by talking2drphil, unless the money was good. famous ppl do bid out thier stories
i think they had a lot to gain - reiterating their innocence knowing this special was coming out
who knows why some of our society look up to these fools, they really have nothing to offer the world
social media is the devil!!!!
"missed the mark." "strangely paired." this is all i want to wear. this could be my only outfit till i die.
exactly which part isn't 'fitting properly'?
radically different and progressive writers and directors.
i mean if they stick to the "having to recreate the entire government" thing, it's interesting.
get mcc halo 1 lit
no space on the x1 for dudebro gamea
very. mine grew so getting them rubbed is everything to me
that's how i feel about my deltoids.
will auto pilot see bikes and motorcycles better than humans? those will continue to thrive in third world.
i'd think so, they have well-defined shapes/motion type and a visible human. even safer adding a 10c rfid transponder.
i'm sorry but this is a sorpanos meme account from here on out
nice. can't wait to fave more tweets if yours
dinner with my twin watching a band play amy winehouse
i sing there too
official business
i miss both of u sm :(
eagles 2-0 w/ jason peters, ron brooks, nigel bradham, leo mckelvin, jim schwartz, and frank reich. sleep tight, bills fans.
also a good qb which we dont have.
great sign: doug pederson learns from a mistake, but stays aggressive.
i support the bears losing
"his life mattered." 's twin sister demands justice:
hands not up
lmao! don't hurt ur shoulder patting yourself on the back.
now i have two! wanna buy this one?
omg my phone has been jumping from like 39 to 0 if i open a new app i'm fed up
omg it's so annoying!! did you update your phone yet?
drones, drones, drones! interview with sept 27 meetup speaker eddie cadel
umm... last name is spelled codel :)
gov't scraps excise tax on locally assembled cars, motorcycles
brand new tune
i'll take $500 a game and a case of mgd. results will be similar.
i'll resurrect the "run and shoop" offense. it'll be yuuuuuuuuge.
: is leading by 7-pts nationally!
in the most likely voter poll which doesn't count for dog shit! gloat losers!
me tooo. i feel like i can't even sing along to the songs in the club/bar
lmao me either, &amp; then the songs i do know i be hype af to rap all the lyrics
i kinda hate that show is analyzing video of a child on national tv. all ppl handle trauma differently. im a fan of this.
right??! why not have a child phycology expert? they had everyone else! it didn't fit the narrative.
this was a congressional memo published before the adoption of automobiles. we as humans inherently fear revolution...
i mean it's not wrong though...
open twitter and see dems are more upset over a skittles comment than the terrorist attack we just had.
right. because it simply isn't possible to be upset about both
secret weapon.
i am unaware as to what this is
everyone she worked with just all got the same illness independent of one another
but it's not contagious! she said so!
if u really lived there, studied there &amp; still believe israel is a true democracy u have gone through life with blinders on.
no, i've gone through life w/experience &amp; terrorism. i also remember what it was like in '70s &amp; what arafat stole from people
it really was one of the last horror films that actually creeped me out.
it took me 17 years to revisit it. no other film has done that to me
i don't want to wear heels ya could
yes bitch ..get it together
wonder how many people would say those few eagles players are being disrespectful but the guy on his phone isn't.
amongst black rights activists, especially in the united states it has been called the black power salute.
exactly which part isn't 'fitting properly'?
her "disaster" is what i call a triumph.
if you're a sanders supporter and you're voting for johnson he's the opposite of bernie on most issues. hc shared 93% voting record with bs.
you might lose some followers for telling the truth. i know i lost some followers who went pro obama to pro trump.
what's up mtv there's nobody else on this train car and it doesn't smell like a living paper mill shit puke everywh...
the midnight meat train's running early tonight
7pm? lmao. come for personal sessions then.
i'm trying to put myself on a schedule at work. cuzzzzzz i wanna get back to work
way to vulture that td, ryan matthews!
thanks,
that's nice of you bro :)
thanks bro i only do 1 day delivery now i'm not gonna wait that is nonsense .
radically different and progressive writers and directors.
they're basically doing a version of hamilton, in a way.
best evening celebrating my 40th year with - thank you so much, it was perfect!
when's movie night? we need a regular gno!
the recipe calls for chicken but i didn't put it in there
you're vegetarian right
my 2,000-word review is just a rant about why yeah, it is the same thing.
your 2000-word review is 1400 words too long! .
hello i'm sundance head and i'm on i hope you enjoy the song loving you too long by otis redding
you rocked the house dude!
cyborg weighs 165. needs to make 141 in 4 days for a special attraction fight that they could fight at any weight, really. odd &amp; dangerous.
and she will be 165 on fight night. what's the fucking point? is there not an 8% rule for fight week?
"maybe if he'd ..." shut up. just shut up. did everything right. it didn't matter. he's still dead. so shut up.
hands down, you lose
faux freckles did that.
lmaooo shut up! (i low key want freckles)
that's all i kept thinking when my grandpa was talking. luckily i had my recorder running.
really glad you recorded that +100
kyle, learning strategist &amp; technology coordinator, las vegas, nv
are you a tosa??
if we stop watching for a week collectively she would b gone
i really wished that that would happen. she is so negative, just awful.
lol @ theoretically while sober
yeah i know, it's a stretch
heck no! i have a free one coming my brutha
can't blame me for trying!
the print on tickets tend to fade if they're exposed to light. i've been thinking about displaying them too.
i really want to preserve my latest bush ticket and gavin's pick. but i got a lot of picks this year it'd be fun to display
gotta se my brother next week after i get off restriction been to long
cheeeeeeee you know that!
i used to love jay cutler, in part bc he went to my school, vanderbilt. but i just can't defend him any more. not sure he really cares.
uhhhhhh has been telling you that for years
no power = no class
using that equation, power = class? that sounds right.
way to vulture that td, ryan matthews!
thanks,
where do you go???? i've been looking for a good place
it was paid for bc i was in an accident so idk if they do everyone
wiz khalifa gave a fan a joint and his reaction is priceless
oooo we gotta bump into wiz
handsy is for all the time
that's what i'm saying
i think he thinking about sean payton
okay i got them confused
i know, i know, i'm white. but i don't even hear it. obv it exists. but largely a media/machine concept at this point. to distract
the magic of trump, and i'll admit he's talented, is that he gets ppl to co-sign on heinous stuff under the guise of "america 1st"
i wish their secondary could have been tested by a competent qb
more about an incompetent offensive line
., phish friend &amp; artist, with his classic album art on the x burton snowboard. coming soon!
are these going to be raffled off or donated to the waterwheel foundation?
if you got a problem, then just simply gobble em. not sure if this is good advice or not, i mostly just thought of it because it rhymes.
yo if number munchers taught me anything, and it didn't, it's this.
hiring full stack engineers in boston area to help us build out new platform to protect soft targets worldwide.
when you guys start thinking about your next fund raise, would love to chat...
happy birthday dude ! hope you had a good one !
hell yeah im lit haha thanks des appreciate it
"lightweight " don't discredit it because it's blue lmao
hahahahah true. sometimes i don't even hit the "tweet" button bc it's blue tbh
no, he made it up. now he's trying to weasel out of it. look at his posting history. he's a professional far right troll.
pretty sure that isn't the middle of section 135 where he claimed the flag was.
i wonder is this is true
i sure the hell hope it is
yes, process of getting my airframe and powerplant licenses and heading out to work on s-64's
really cool!
say what you will about her, but you can't deny that eleanor has nailed that pj life.
she def nailed it!!! can't wait for next weeks ep!!
and now, , because i'm the queen of good choices.
"i guess because ratings matter more than brown people?" samantha bee going after snl/fallon/nbc perfectly.
no panty up at tonight
that song is
you tried. that's all that matters
they goin give me one sooner than they think so fuck it
sweet. i've got family in silver springs now. maybe i'll have to try for next year
one of my favorite, if not top stadium i've been to. pirates is great too.
nunez comes home on a wp in the 3rd to put the giants ahead 1-0 against kershaw
that guy can run! oh yeah and can belly slide!
i fully encourage any producer sending beats to my email. but please atleast send me beats i can rap on. i'm not a drill rapper...
hey hyd ii got beats
yup - lesson learned, right? there are no vacations from workouts!
hard to get back on track when you've been off for a while. lose all your gains
i'm scared to read about it because what if it doesn't allow ea delegation and all my hopes and dreams are dashed?
there doesn't appear to be a google calendar sync. how is that possible?
...*innovators, dont sully our name with them dirtballs
innovation at it's finest.
when you get .
girl u got it ddamn!!!!
why is it that when i watch jay cutler i immediately think of jeff george?
that's funny, when i look at cutler i see oj simpson
. of course they are! you cannot keep making per sq ft building more expensive to get affordability. a laughable oxymoron.
they don't help, but land costs are what drive housing costs in hot markets with constrained supply...
liberal of cities for the past 18 yrs (3 diff cities) and last 3 months in super conservative town. ignorance, i encounter. racism?
the founders didn't treat countries like the ap poll. it's not "america first!" it's about liberty and freedom. it's about decency
no don't ft her
why do you just wanna ft me the whole night cause that's fine
i remember watching that game as a kid. my older brother played strong safety for or and my brother in law qb.
or beat colfax 34-7 two weeks prior to win gel, remarkably colfax won its two playoff games without an offensive td
that video chat thing for pets just sounds better and better each day tbh.
i just want to be able to call my dogs and tell them i'm coming home from work.
i was going to make a joke comparing oracle to something truly evil, but couldn't think of anything worse. true story...
... something, something like letting your children play with the sketchy guy in the windowless van?
anyone trynna buy an xbox one controller headset and 3 games for $230
what kind of games
but... but... next year? can you guys hang onto that? we know we can't!
a very long break awaits
pray tell what lies were told??
"now he's in the hospital." okay, yes, but he's there because our police put 5 bullets in him.
not yet. and the add on kits are crazy too. this is one item we need to figure out for sure.
what add on kits have you seen? anything for under $300?
better them than the rats.
i know. i just hate cats.
totally but on paper top 50s actor/director
oh yeah brando &amp; hitch would catalyze wild stuff
"i need to check ur fucking van" *when my mom approaches field crews cuz she thinks i've been abducted*
she finally finds me on my run and is crying as if i didn't tell her where i was going and when ??
omg same i'm dying it's all i've been thinking about so glad we're spending it together one more time
we gotta do this again next era sis
destroy some ladies lives, those ladies her husband raped and or assaulted. ya, she's a leader.
what about the 13 year old donald has been accused of raping!?
pretty sure i can get handsy in the middle of a parade and no one would notice.
that's talent!
a black ginger with freckles
a thing of beauty!
here's an early copy of tonight's closer look at trump trying to change his birther story
decent warmup, afterwards look at this yugh story!
if you've served as an election judge in the u.s., i need your help for a project. email me here.
you're originally from syracuse? i lived there years ago. moving out was one of the happiest days of my life! :)
out here reppin
damn straight
blood clot in brain: fine now debilitating cough: allergies carried after a collapse: just heat but you can totally trust she's fit to lead!
and that's what they admit! god knows what they are hiding
they need to work something out, this whole situation is retarded.
their biggest fear is user manipulation of certain trophies with the use of mods. dead serious.
the cowboys got the redskins after a monday night loss on a short week. now they get the bears after a monday night loss on a short week
and the bears have gotten pretty beaten up tonight.
i'm going to see if my place offers it but i think they only do regular physical therapy
i used to go to this place in grand concourse and 159 i think, and i did acupuncture there. so good. the asian lady hooked me up
tim tebow finishes the day as the best selling jersey in baseball, according to sales rankings on fanatics &amp; mlb official online shop.
how much will the make on them ? need to start saving to resign
if you have dry skin it's good!
what about the coverage ?
amazing turn around from what you (we?) were saying about him last year.
we were right at the time.
stop by my shop during lunch
actually i'll stop by after zone. i don't have the heart to screw them over that badly.
they have a function there.. trust me.. u want them their lol
i just hate cats. i understand their purpose.
ditto! plus if you mull it forever your whole house smells amazing!
also my choice is mulled wine!
woulsnt take me sweater cause he wanted to drive 100+ miles in his awesome 2k...feels
actually just staying home
if i was still living in chicago, right about now i'd head to portillos for an italian beef and chocolate cake shake.
if i was in chicago right now i'd shoot myself
in orgo is second book the exmas gonna include 7 chaps of that ?
yea it is. when you're finish with that if you have time look at the slides but first clutch prep, 2nd language and her notes.
if he has legal grounds to sue he has the chance to win.
the standard for slander of a public political figure is impossible to meet.
poor max browne waited 4 years for 3 starts.
ouch. this one hurts. poor max! but ya gotta deliver....
come see me perform this thursday night at
yasssssss!!!
pray tell what lies were told??
"and he'll probably get room service." well, yes, because everyone in the hospital does.
lets come together and redesign our cities around people not cars:
too bad doesn't have enough money to last 10 years
quantum leap doing serious issues is always very awkward
as i've discussed before it's a great example of jumbo sized heart vs. free sample sized brain
not convinced. shouldn't we instead be using prevailing exchange rates for each year?
but that shouldn't impact the share within a given year, right?
you didn't like it? i forgot you wasn't there
weren't you sleep?
must admit: the eagles look dangerously good on offense and defense.
would be better with tebow tho
jay cutler is just the worst
great, you cursed him
i can see why other people would like the sleekness of it. but i find apple's inconvenience to be...well, inconvenient.
saying people only like the 7/7+ because it's sleek is pretty obtuse. preferring a digital audio source is not a crazy idea
they're all super cute but i hope one of the girls getting asked dosent see them and know it's for her
she already got asked friday (:
btw today i dropped my phone on the sidewalk &amp; the screen shattered into tiny pieces and later a dude came to my house and fixed it for $55
new york giveth and new york taketh away
need to stop yelling "who's this guy??" whenever i see a dog in public
don't ever stop doing that.
what basket are you referring to
"half basket of deplorable." not politically correct but factually true. country is embarrassed. friends scarred terrorists happy
when she texts you "hey ;)"
and then she proceeds to talk about something she wants from you
for, liars. she's a liar who has never worked a day in her life and made hundreds of millions from the governments of
trump has been caught lying much more than hillary. he also never worked a day in his life.
in the same place or i would've gone. it was too far
don't you live in tampa? she did ritz ybor twice
i love these
thanks drea i miss you!
this was taken a year ago today
back when i had my trashy porn star hair
my bio is currently accurate
careful they might pull up &amp; jump you :/
reported wrong. they said it's not as serious as seriously thought
well that's good for him. wish chargers could catch a break like that.
[r5] 2v2 prime vs ttinyy and aquafy
turned off the stream to focus. we're going last map
who are you voting for?
the one "guy"? come on man, you can do better
hillary clinton says "let's make it happen" when told "hillary for prison!"
she'll do or say anything for a vote
the video footage of jonbenet's brother's interview is wild. he did it.
omg i know unreal!!!!
laying in bed minding my own god damn business and a bug crawls across my pillow
minding my own god damn business and a bug crawled across my shirt.. seconds after i read this
when i want my android to change something, someone has written a program for that feature. i could program it if i had the time!
what does this have to do with the headphone jack?
holy hell thats cool.
thanks man. really was - totally worth it
hi jordan! great to have you with us on . great to have a remind pro with us
thanks having me!! although others know more than i...
this a daily tweet 4 u
as it should be
idk why but i can watch conspiracy videos all day
watch or read the stories about the other side of the moon
if so, she knows it's unethical to "diagnose" someone without physically examining them and i'm sure she's heard of...
jill has a lot of problems, not the least of whichis she's a twit.
bored? subscribe to my youtube for hours if fun! exciting stuff coming!
thanks for following me beautiful stranger . really appreciate it.
go to work or ill tilt hard
the tilt is real bc i called in
coming soon @
can't wait , which one are you most excited for?
thats what i'm saying. i really need them to lose tho. giants gotta rule the nfc east.
yeah the giants probably got the best offense but that defense lol
q: is this dude accepting marriage proposals?
he was super cute, tbh, but i chose not to harass him on the job
selective outrage by kos. many endorsed them including national pta. you only noted conservatives. strange....
pick a few more notable people then
pray tell what lies were told??
"he'll get the best lawyer" only if his family has the money. trump uses really good ones.
this games over but give me an alshon jeffrey or jeremy langford td please
and that was it too man. come on
78% of american adults don't own any guns
most, however, have access to skittles.
oh that's horrible. i think another sf trip is in order
come say hi!
but instead y'all always claim y'all "need" a boyfriend or etc
they be so focused on love rather than getting they life right
what are some must-watch wwe eddie guerrero matches?
vs. brock nwo; vs.angle mania 20; bullrope match vs jbl; vs. rey at summerslam 05
i know! big fan of your work!:)
wow! thank you so much! that's high praise!
re vice principals, who you think did the damn thing?
i feel like there are atleast five different suspects they could go with
updated my playlist today so be sure to follow it and listen to these songs
head first in the river
called my dad yesterday and learned he's been going to the local citizens police academy, which i'd not heard of before that.
i think i like the idea of citizens riding along with officers but i have some doubts about this being effective accountability.
truly just a wonderful coincidence
this is amazing and terrifying all at the same time!
oh look at you... ok...sounds good. but the toss needs to be good or they'll need to take sips.
agree now when can we play this
i think burke cld have been innocently trying 2guess what was in the bowl. is it cereal? no, too big. made a big deal of demeanor
i agree!why not have a child psychology expert there?didn't fit the narrative.the dramatic music,etc they really over sold it.
not to be harsh, love our random convos, but enough with trump when u r taking to me please.
wait, i didn't start this convo. you did. if u didn't want it, don't start it. this is comical.
usaf boeing e-4b nightwatch over nebraska with tc-135s flight crew trainer for "cobra ball".
what's that all mean?
i blame mercury for this loss
keep ya head up!
back to school make up!
omg that looks legit
1000s of syrian children like omran have been killed in the war. they aren't skittles. they're children.
it's a shame that all the aid cannot be delivered to them. that's awful.
the guy that fitz was let go in favor of?
&amp; did worse for that team
that gave the government the opportunity to follow up with "would you have felt safe going to the refuge at that time?"
yep saw that coming as soon as you relayed the original question
do you ever come to atlanta? i would love to meet you. you are my favorite housewife
- i love atlanta and hope to be there soon!
finally wised up and brought me, donald trump, on to choose the hashtag. that's why tonight we're playing...
give me liberty or give me debt. lots and lots of debt. .
when i want my android to change something, someone has written a program for that feature. i could program it if i had the time!
but it's ok. i'll take the trade off of not having 100 year old audio tech instead of a phone that blows up in people's faces
pray tell what lies were told??
"he'll be in court so long people will forget and he'll get off." no, boston bomber got death.
my sister say she ready for me out there in miami
moving there?
sounds amazing lol
except for the way the bay area is set up, i aint trying to roll with 75% of a paycheck
pull jeffery now
oh hi there
a1: i'm spearheading a campaign to build positive school culture via social media a la
one of the goats!
don't buy the black album eye'm sorry o(+&gt;
i'd you are a fan and haven't heard the black album at this point turn in your fan card...
it's my signature color, i swear. crush by anastasia!
how good is the crush one i really want it
facts gigo!!!
except when you need to kill someone and hang them from a stop light
as a new yorker i can't bring myself to say y'a... i can't even type it.
hey, man, i'm from boston and i can pull it off. the english language really wants a separate second person plural. =)
who the chicago tribune reporters picked in this game (h/t , )
the tribune still has that many reporters? that's shocking.
i'll take this break from to remind you trump is a racist and potentially very stupid. ok, back to the game.
potentially? i think he has made it very clear that he is.
whats on the "list of jd" tonight... review later tonight
how the 10 man tag match was a clusterfuck of 3 different storylines and a waste of 15 minutes
here's how to get into college, straight from the people who decide if you get in or not.
they saw me for the person i was &amp; by the end of my 2 years at pitzer; a brilliant, journal published civic leader.
the "harambe" jokes were and never will be funny.
wish i could retweet this 4729 times
what's "deplorable" is lying to gold star parents, recklessness with natl security, and selling 1/5 our uranium to russia for a $150m bribe.
great take! deplorable and treasonous!
calling doesn't win a war? , approach and alliance wins the war
, approach and alliance which the govt has shown little effort in doing
why not disable trophies, when mods are in use.i mean we already have separate save files for modded gamesaves
they can't guarantee it would work. hence why they scrapped the idea altogether.
true. would also have been useful to have a twitter list with all delegates, seeing how this is a media conference.
got it from !
feel free to let them know how you feel!
going to be a helluva break
i would've . you're a better person than i
thought about it. i did a good job prepping it. i'll take credit one last time then leave.
a1: i participate in dress up days and attend sporting events (when i can). our school has a lot of spirit already, so it is easy!
when staff and ts participate that has a huge impact!
go. to. work. 2k deserves some new parts
i'm already getting coilovers next week i have the money i just need to talk to my manager
btw today i dropped my phone on the sidewalk &amp; the screen shattered into tiny pieces and later a dude came to my house and fixed it for $55
anyway nyers if you smash up your phone i recommend these guys
exactly, not even financially stable but using your whole day to search for a relationship
lol females in this day in age man
after days of looking, i can't find any cheap power/ppc board to run os 9 on. only possible remaining option is a jailbroke wii...
isn't the first xbox ppc?
congratulation to our partners at for their continued participation in the ca law enforcement challenge.
happiness to our law enforcement!
come to me :-(
i will don't test me how
they made it so the mods turn off trophies
maybe xbox. but it works on a different system than ps4.
lol why everyone so shy and boring i have yet to meet lit new people at school
you know why?
day 2 of celebrating is underway! i'm loving speaking to students from across...
you should be ashamed of yourself on cnn lying like all the other surrogates about the birther movement sad
the point being that this is a silly gotcha attempt.
i don't think so. ppl trusted giuliani as mayor, now he's kind of america's crazy uncle
just wait 2 weeks and they'll refollow me too
is this a joke
you are one of a kind ray!!!
hate to say it but your boy wentz looks good !
he is practically reading from a script now. if there were a textbook on fascist strongman demagoguery this would b...
and meanwhile his idiot dauphin son is out here comparing human beings to candy. a campaign of dehumanization.
nope. i'm not even going to give this one a snarky caption.
fight imperialism? i thou- nevermind
nothin' but a g thang
i just rapped the first half of this to this vid for my bf. he rolled his eyes. so good though
do you prefer writing one kind? will be curious to see. (also now i've learned about a new nifty thing )
i find it easier to write the rollups, but i feel like stuff gets lost because i forget about it.
who's next if u win
either mumu&amp;rallied or fiber and equuip
this requires everyone's outrage. it needs to stop.
wooops! hands down
"seqgan: sequence generative adversarial nets with policy gradient," yu et al.:
they should display some generated text examples in the paper or the github page. i find bleu scores to be not so meaningful
truth yes. is always .
except when it is patently false it is known
we should have went to vegas but anyways happy birthday jemena!!! :)
fr tho! thank you jared
i'll trade you langford in our fantasy league if that makes you feel better.
i'm 0-2 and my team has actually been doing ok. this is not gonna be my year, i can already tell.
thrilled to welcome to our team today!
so how many weeks until you make him change his name to brian?
yea it's good!
good i've been looking for a full coverage drugstore foundation and i never seem to find onebut thank you
learn basic strategy and play it perfectly or you're giving money away.
good advice. basic strategy plus a proper betting strategy. house will still have an edge.
when exactly will we be able to download the full fifa 17 for early access?
hopefully thursday at 12 am or wednesday night
if so *golf clap* you're about to die of chlamydia bitch. i've never had it, but now i do and now you have it. barrymore styles.
hey what happened
there's headphones in this show? i like it! @ the encounter on...
i was there too with !! what'd you think of all the sounds &amp; everything?
quit and yuri gang full time?
if i didn't have a car to pay off i would tbh
if he has legal grounds to sue he has the chance to win.
"irresponsible intent" is not a claim that exists in us defamation law.
listened today at work! so good!
ah! i'm so glad. draplin is amazing!
how awesome if you all did a commercial for !! no drumpf
the united states of america first stop partisanship
wait why mang
140 characters can't handle the explanation
is impressed with . she finished her plate of pasta and is still awake and standing. carb heaven. oh how sweet it is.
yeah. i thought she'd be in carb-coma
domestics on tap half-price across the street too
sounds good. utah, gimme 2
for the record, this nasal spray didn't shorten shit.
i think it's usually sprayed in the nose, tho
jim schwartz has faced 2 teams as defensive coordinator. both starting qb's have left the game injured.
well not really. jay cutler just quit on his team
donald trump jr shared a meme comparing syrian refugees to a bowl of skittles
- that he plagiarized from ! guess melania isn't the only plagiarist in the trump fami...
you the bitch that subtweeting every 5min like a straight female
a subtweet is usually towards one person, why do you feel like that tweet only suggests you? you're a fucking creep dude kys
my hand looks huge?
i always look thinner in mirrors
my first delay as a bay area commuter has me 1.5 hours behind schedule i just want to get home to my animals.
welcome and it's still better than driving :-/
yeah that shit fucked me up
the stuff with the car was telegraphed really well, in hindsight
a1) having a staff compete against each other in a was an awesome way built community this year.
totally unrelated but if your brother spencer??
fans executive producer/writer joins us 2nite 7pm/pst
great panel discussion. u went easy on ghost bam.
they haven't played anybody worth a damn. settle.
u wont remember them the same after the steelers thump them
my parents bought me an early bday gift. tt o tt thanks guys. d-dokis. spent so much on me. im so grateful
but at the same time im thinking abt how many manjuus i could have bought if they just gave me the money
homeowner called same day 3 times, but they haven't showed up yet.
homeowner filed online police report # t16015124 with . let see opd even investigate.
hillary wiped her server clean.
look, this is huge!
we are about to choose one lucky supporter to fly to new york and be at the first debate. enter right now to win!
how about trying to not lose this election. that would be a super great prize.
sometimes i just love people starbucks worker hands out free coffee to nypd officers
how nice was that? germaine is one great anerican!
i've been thinking this the whole time
it was my very first thought and ive gotten used to it but sometimes....
lmfao watch her drink on thursday with her friends or some shit
who are these friends ????
the tweets from this event are intriguing and also giving me a little anxiety
the in-person experience is quite similar.
you forgot both seth and roman stand tall and the shield fists come together again lmao
i was half right
yeah that shit fucked me up
the costume. the costume.
might try weed once idk
r u serious rn ur no friend of mine if u smoke the devils lettuce
smith is a big part of special teams - better think of another spot.
how about making escobar inactive? has he seen any offensive snaps thus far?
people shouldn't continue wondering why black communities don't trust the police, the evidence is literally all around us.
sadly the evidence shows hands down
lol girl just wait stassi is always right
we shall see...
andie will give you a list of facts. calling andie "racist" is futile, it's calling "the brittanica" racist.
she called black people "useless" and she's not racist? you must be drunk.
the problem is that literally any fan can nominate a player. the nfl didn't do it &amp; he won't make it.
that's the nfl that allows it to happen. they could easily ban him
the most annoying thing about c++ might be how grossly it violates my expectation that header files don't contain code.
the cody mchubris types love to have it all in the header wrapped up with a nice template-y bow
love this filter
what a babe
number one selling jersey!
i heard earlier on . love it.
new surveillance video, exclusive to cnn, shows ahmad khan rahami dragging two bags down 23rd st on saturday...
here's the video
we aim to have bags to the carousel within 20 min. of a flt's arrival, cindy, &amp; we're sorry if we fell short of expectation. ^sh
well thanks for your reply. 45 minutes today
what the heck daniel you cut me out of the picture
bc you're not part of team super awesome cool dynamite wolf squadron
when are we playing?
when does it officially launch? tonight?
a1: communication is the key. student, staff and parents all need to be receiving the same message to build that school spirit.
well put. builds transparency too
omfg look at my hot ass daughter
gracias mom
fish king fuck lobsta
that shit fye ???
don't leave me vin scully
i was just thinking the same thing
hilarious. some guy named "david simon" is trending on twitter and i'm getting promoted as a related account. awesome
as twitter is promoting my name in relation to david simon know that hates me (has me blocked) &amp; i've no idea who the fuck he is!
trump escalates against ohio's governor, ridiculing kasich &gt;&gt; "he got beaten as badly as anybody could get beaten"
trump just exhibiting his prudishness or as former-president admits his 2ndm childhood
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
that's a really stupid &amp; racist thing to say. pull your head out of your ass chump jr.
. i know there's gonna be on thursdays but at what time luna? becuz i'd love to come over to practice my voguing
not this week
she did! unfortunately not with us anymore, passed away in 2014 at 32yo's!
wow, she left her mark on the world, 32 years, she must have had five star care
i ate a taco before i went to the gym and i don't even regret it!
i miss you :(
day 2 of celebrating is underway! i'm loving speaking to students from across...
if your goner accuse someone have proof everywhere i look hillary did not start the birther movement, trump keeps it going
maybe i should hate you for this?
never really did ever quite get that far.
yeah but the specific things i wanted were out of stock at both places :(
that sucks ! keep emailing them to annoy tf outta them
ladies and gents, i present to you dsv's other twitter handle . she is in rare form.
omg media mogul disguised as mild-mannered country reporter
yea, if you wrote down all of the good things she has done you would be staring at a blank piece of paper!...
haha so true
it was a really crowded primary.
in boxing, they call this a first round knockout.
video extremely disturbing.
19:44:46 helicopter video hands not up
if youre reading this i love you
same with you dawg splice.
cat has been pissed off all night at , refusing to be in the same room. no telling what will happen if this fight continues...
not a pretty sight when you're on the cat's list -- good luck!
. man. you have these on a webpage somewhere?? i can't keep up with your posting:)
sorry to overwhelm. posting to here:
trump will give license to the whole world to go to hell in a handbasket.
us will no longer be a moral force for good.
hello david, currently doing some reading on third cinema. that sounds interesting. do you have a link or a title/author?
so it was actually a review of this book (which i have not read), film &amp; making other history
under this tweet is a girl who is defending this opinion w the least amount of logic and smarts that i've ever seen...
she is truly an idiot. i can see that her education was a waste of money. college was def not for her bc she's still an idiot.
rapper in jail after car &amp; foot chase, police say
went to middle school with rita forte dj backside. she was cool, as a dj i hope she's ok.
a bunch of skittles just tried to shoot me while shouting "fruit is great!"
at least they didn't try to deny you your own beliefs.
ur going to screw things up at first and hate urself for it but it won't take long until u are an expert at what u...
aye thanks boo
yeah that's true bro that way you know for sure when your delivery gets there
yea i bin waiting forever for tha other stuff is suppose 2 come tomorrow and i'm getting all my 1 day delivery stuff tomorrow.
guys, turns 10 soon!!
advice from addi: don't go under, you'll get bubbles in your ears
when did i bitch about it? i love the u.s, i fucking despise trump.
ofc you are since you support hillary which means you dont like usa's free market capitalism
we ain't ever gettin married bruh
that's not what you were saying last night bro
are you homesick already lol?
be crying to myself lmaooo fucking cry baby
honestly hooters ain't all that , i don't see why people like it so much.
their food really sucks ass
"does everything always make sense? absolutely not. but a lot more doesn't make sense without him"- jd
i loved that line! was so good!!!
we are about to choose one lucky supporter to fly to new york and be at the first debate. enter right now to win!
i nominate for the free ticket to the debate, since she should be there anyway.
strategic communication or just regular communication, ?
effective. common sense. real talk.
sometimes i just love people starbucks worker hands out free coffee to nypd officers
what a nice thing to do!
i think i like the idea of citizens riding along with officers but i have some doubts about this being effective accountability.
how could you sit in a car and watch a man get shot? how could you stay there afterwards?
right, over 500 companies, tens of thousands of jobs and billions in wealth. ya, keep at it, bitterness and
you know that because you heard it. if that were true, where are his tax returns. thousands of bankruptcies!
i want to love the 's trips app, but it ranks olive garden and red lobster as top 10 charleston restaurants....
when you're in charleston, you're family.
i wish i didn't have work tomorrow so i could stay up till 2 to play it
i'm planning to nap in a bit and wake up a couple hours earlier than usual
scan : believes that honoring martyred soldiers is not enough we have to support their families
so true. ak is right on about this. can't eat a medal
they called him crazy until his policies worked. the liberals claimed he would destroy nyc. he hasn't changed.
ok 1) he left us in considerable debt 2) he laid the groundwork for the shit landlords we have now
which is great because i was up by 11 with myself and my opponent each with 1 guy left to play...i have matthews
who'd he have?
dude. i dont think speedos were made for colored folk especially thick ones
no, they were.
tbh, the skittles thing would work better for explaining why you shouldn't get a galaxy note 7 even if you love samsung phones.
(still garbage, though.)
we have that here. it's certainly one-sided.
that's what disturbs me, it looks more like propaganda
ack. well, there's a feedback option! coverage of smaller and/or remote area is limited. possible a proximity error?
no idea :) good luck on this stuff, seems to have a lot of potential!
fuck you netflix i've been down for you since you delivered dvds in envelopes
lmfao u feel me!!!!!!! i thought i was the last person who remembered that
with that said, u down to see him again in san jo?
yo fuck out my mentions. both of you lol wtf is this kos sher
you're with a lying narcissistic sociopath that has a body count bigger than donald's bank account
and how would you know that?
of course when i have to be at work early tomorrow i'm not tired at all...
we neeed a wine night
great panel discussion. u went easy on ghost bam.
my theory, surprise guest will be who dies.
whatever this is it deserves more points
everything in green adds up to get you into "heaven" aka . so y'all are trending on the positive.
proud father..
absolutely with the proud mother !
very very good book. i recommend it!
thanks! i'm going to purchase the audible version when i can get to my desktop!
vote: who will win the ?
red sox running away with it
here is the helicopter view of race soldiers executing unarmed black citizen in cold blood. the co...
mike brown part 2: "hands in waistband don't shoot "
they called him crazy until his policies worked. the liberals claimed he would destroy nyc. he hasn't changed.
nyc lost valuable institutions bc so much development happened. also he gave the police too much free reign
okay you guys, i've got my health back. look for my triumphant career boost in 3... 2...
yay to your good health!
carson wentz is a stud! i love it
i heard you gave him some lessons
what software?
fl studio, mpc, machine, logic , there is a bunch you can choose from
ya im a creep beacuse im @'ing you nigga
all of my tweets have been a generalization and not specifically to you bro like give it up already lol
bruhh they all look good!
ea access is about 48 hours away
this is fantastic
appreciate it
were you at the shows?!
nahhh, i was away on my honeymoon. hopefully they'll do another one sometime!
hatred of sustained success if a signature of liberals everywhere. and no one on this planet has been caught
and blind following of a man regardless of truth is an evident conservative thing.
kaytranada's '99.9%' won the polaris music prize
that album deserves all the awards
i'm in love with the woman i'm becoming.
i am too! you're amazing keep reaching for the
hah, it could possibly be david simon who wrote the wire, homecide, trem, etc.
whoever it is he's and he's got me blocked must of pissed off someone again the actually knows who i am and hates me!
do you think mikleo lubricates his own asshole with his powers so he and sorey can do the nasty whenever and wherever they want
i had to read this tweet twice.
yup. had that the other day in budapest!! poor poor customer service.
i bet they clocked out at 11 even at that
internet shows trump jr. the real humans behind his skittles meme
they are not to be used as cheap labor, per , , rino's &amp; suggestion.
i just tried to record my haul and between the sheer amount &amp; my exhaustion, did not succeed
write about them instead?
to some it's ok for a white kids to go into the theatre and shoot innocent people that's no problem
lol who the fuck says it's ok for anyone to shoot up a theater?
gamestop a bitch
download that bih
hasn't sunk in yet that we have 2 weeks left
i have 2 browser tabs open about vin scully and one more with his broadcast, trying to get around the reality &amp; just enjoying it
it's launchd getting about which coresimulator to run. anything holding xpc conn open keeps svc alive, next req gets wrong ver.
yeah that sounds about right
polytopia... it's not what you'd think
ohh yeah... polytopia is a perfect tinyciv
u always hittin me up for pics smh does ur man know abt this
plot twist: he's the one asking
we like each other, but it's casual. the less attached i feel, the less it'll hurt lol.
well im terribad at relationship advice, but say is your choice if wanna keep it casual. could see what it leads on too though
as a small business owner myself, it was an honor to receive the guardian of small business award today.
learn to be honest more people will respect you.
it's a goat birther! my real identity, indeed, sir.
well, mr. goat, i'm sure there's some grass that needs grazing somewhere. you should get to it.
man we rolled deep tho
we swear we was raw
he's retired! lol the by laws allow any retired player to be nominated after so many years. they didn't nominate him.
and why can't the nfl make a stand and create an exception for a convicted rapist?
les is as corrupt as the government. ask about the kickbacks he gets for the grants he writes.
and how would you know *that*?
in the interest of full disclosure, i'm considering giving up on watching live. we'll see what the verdict is after tonight.
dude i thought i was the only one who felt this way. raw has become an afterthought. i literally ignore whats happening
i've been followed by the fabulous ! you should see me skipping around the pen.
i don't blame you, that's a huge get!
not sure how to break it to but these little nuggets are way cooler than her
i like their matching outfits! so adorable! enjoy for me! i miss them!
ponies should know that bidding on /anything/ where hundreds are also watching is kind of pointless.
even in the rp realm, i can't see myself putting /that/ kind of money down on anything.
closed mouth don't get fed sis. closed mouth don't get fed
yea we ain't broken up for real
toddlers with guns? lightning? people throwing bricks off overpasses? drunk drivers? those scare me a lot more.
honestly, even drunk toddlers throwing drivers off overpasses strikes me as scarier
ofc you are since you support hillary which means you dont like usa's free market capitalism
usa is not for scumbags who want to come here and freeload on the welfare system
i almost spit-- oh god even your profile picture is sick dimplesickness
pray to our lord dimple
favorite part about being married thus far has been... hearing my 2-year-old niece say, "unka johnny!" especially since i'm just "canice"
amen to you and !!! all the best!!!
anyone know if it's possible to mute a keyword only when tweeted by a specific user in ?
i've often wondered this and once saw mention of doing it using regex but haven't ever tested that out.
heard what? it's fact, not hearsay. just because you don't like the truth doesn't mean it's not. i get it
show me this truth! provide me empirical evidence of his "billions"
ok... you wake up tomorrow morning and you've become the same species/become your highschool mascot. what would you be?
are those two options? i'll certainly accept husky or river otter over a damn priest...
this is why kaepernick kneels. imagine if this happened to your brother, father, or son?
unfortunately, this is completely incomprehensible to most white americans.
obama: gun violence is bad cnn: holy shit what do we do to apple: hold on guys, i got this apple:
android users like me still see a gun tho
"happy birthday friend! i always remember the great sex i had on your birthday 8 years ago!" makes a lovely card
at least i didn't say "it was the first time i laid eyes on your magnificent derrire."
champion blood
next year!!!
i always look thinner in mirrors
messy hair is in this season
x deadass wish you lived in baltimore
that's a fact
trump knows nothing about the constitution. remember he said he'd protect "article xii"
absolutely. he claims he's a constitutionalist, but hasn't a clue what's actually in it!
how? hillary is a capitalist.
lol. yeah right, thats why she wants to raise the tax and increase welfare.
at least i didn't say "it was the first time i laid eyes on your magnificent derrire."
but i do totally remember him talking my hand and pulling me into the bedroom and he had no pants on and it was
gruden flailing his noodle on live television.
i have a two handed monster, too
look out for my medium post on how to confront life head-on.
it's just a gif of deleting all the voicemails right?
i want to love the 's trips app, but it ranks olive garden and red lobster as top 10 charleston restaurants....
i've been trying it all day and every "things to do" check comes back with zero results. explicit searches too.
tell me where clinton has ever put usa first clinton lie and steal been that doing for years dear
a lifetime of public service versus selfish personal gain for d drumpf. wait 4 taxes and ..
not even gonna swing at that
are we still doing phrasing?
...just a woman on that show skinwars lol. she is so dramatic.
lol she's sick
dude i'll spit the karaoke rn foo
you ain't got nothing on us
just got my clinton / kaine bumper sticker
now you just need a bumper...
i can't stop smiling over all these tweets and comments! you guys are amazing!! james and i feel...
waiting to watch your n dance still here in calif.! hope your body recovered from the 2 seater indycar ride! :)
they called him crazy until his policies worked. the liberals claimed he would destroy nyc. he hasn't changed.
did giuliani kick out the homeless? yea. "clean up" times sq? sure. but the fallout from that fell on the boroughs
you wanna lend me some of those good habits?
i'd be more than happy to. i don't want them anymore. you would appreciate them more than me.
i'm the christopher columbus of wedding hashtags. i had no part in anything and then i discover them and claim the experience as my own!!!!!
i guess that makes the christopher columbus of the internet.
a2: hyperlink youtube vids in my email - who doesn't love a click that leads them to golden girl theme song? ty 4 being a friend
ok i'm stealing that.
after a heartbreaking finale, tense &amp; emotional, we all witnessed how mc is better than a regular procedural! renew season 6
awesome season guys ,
lol. yeah right, thats why she wants to raise the tax and increase welfare.
give free college to students who will earn useless degrees on tax payers money
clearly i should never attend an auction. not that i would. not with my poor wallet.
i've sat in on auctions, but on other people's behalf. my flimsy wallet could never compete either.
cheer up buttercup.
im cheered up
this is exactly why im obsessed with this show
dude from today's lecture
sounds like an article you need to share.
wow the trifecta rachel lawrence and brian. you're doing an awesome job.
have you played star realms? i love deck builders and it's probably my favorite digital one these days
the graphic design and art put me off, but i love cthulhu realms, which is also kinda funny (landscape layout for both tho)
that's pd bingo! i love it.
how do you do pd bingo??
she made an illegal bribe on nick to get him to help her with no immunity. then tricked him into breaking and entering
she only even kept her job because of corruption at city hall as well, bogo was going to fire her!
the world's biggest solar farm is under construction in china's dusty northwest
and yet no one cares
let's all take tomorrow off! do it!!
haha i wish i could. :(
finally wised up and brought me, donald trump, on to choose the hashtag. that's why tonight we're playing...
can you smell what the mexican taco bowl place downstairs is cooking? .
got it. thanks a lot.
no worries, hope it's some use. the take on evita i found surprising...
the very best day in my professional life was when time named the health worker the person of the year!! w/...
such a great response from
self lubricanting asshole
are water based lubes recommended tho? is that the best kind?
awesome song
thanks jeanne
jimmy fallon offers up weak excuse for chummy trump interview
donald trump's likeable his strategy in the election comes from a business background. more often lawyers and legislators.
we need more dimples in this world
dimples to bring smiledv to the world uvu
camo joggers, a hollister tee, blue sperrys, a patent leather backpack, and a jets hat, ya make me sick
but why are you coming at me for my style
les is as corrupt as the government. ask about the kickbacks he gets for the grants he writes.
fair to say u might've been exaggerating a little bit when you accused him of having a monopoly on oregon media?
send us questions for the "boyfriend tag"!
how do ya'll not get bored of each other and keep it interesting?? :-)
that's some crowd.
that's quite a crowd of seniors who won't remember your name / be very disappointed in november.
let's all take tomorrow off! do it!!
... i like this plan
hahaha i honestly don't blame those bankers honestly that's what wells fargo gets
right that was sooo ridiculous what was expected of them
political canvassers who ring your apt doorbell under false pretenses are a special kind of annoyance
that dean guy got buzzed into our building and went door to door. i wasn't voting for him even before that.
a2: class hashtags, class website, google+ community, and of course
i love class, school, and district hashtags! builds community and spirit too
bruce mosler, chairman of global brokerage of cushman &amp; wakefield "we will rebuild bigger, better and stronger."
bruce mosler to be honored a
i always look thinner in mirrors
messy hair is in this season
is ur phone ok
it is not but i have an ipad and a laptop
give free college to students who will earn useless degrees on tax payers money
increase the min wage to $15 and destroy small businesses
kmart to close 64 more stores across the u.s.
more "hope and change".
perfect disguise! or just a nice guy with integrity and drive.
sorry i think you said banned you. i can drop you from these
someone told me i have a nice jawline like omg thank u but i don't even have one
then what have i been getting cut with whenever i see your face
it would have been a flawless victory of jay didn't obviously get in his feelings after ether and did super ugly which was like damn nigga
super ugly was definitely a
on cbs is so good. anyone else watching?
i plan on watching part2 tonight...saw part 1 last night...i liked the a&amp;e channel's version-probably better!
eddie royal still got it!!! punt return td i love it
bro he kills the raiders though it hurts
oh please. lol his budget was fine despite serious issues &amp; your landlords aren't his fault. lol
yea they are. when you clean up an area on public dime and let the developers in, we new yorkers don't benefit.
awesome first night of blind auditions! who was your favorite??
thought the best belonged to sundance head. hope he makes it through to semi finals at least.
how i love thee front row!!!!!!!!!!!!'
thanks! we're blushing :)
lol, "raise the tax". you're an idiot.
you are an imbecile. give logic and facts.
these are the first pair of "fancy" jeans i ever bought...13 years ago...at least i'm consistent!
i got some denim iron on patches that'll fix you right up.
im just feeling very grateful tonight. if it wasn't for my parents, grandparents or my friends supporting and [1/2]
pushing me throughout the years i wouldn't be living in san francisco right now doing what i love. thank you =) [2/2]
always got to be a liberal or now socialist showing how racist they are so just go away no 1 want hear u
not talking going away hiding make problems worse communication resolves problems avoids wars establishes peace be friendly
why are ppl so obsessed with actual profile pics? what difference at this point, does it make?
it's a cop-out, and it's cowardly, that's why.
i would feel the same way if she were my candidate. i'd be miserable as hell that she is what you want.
yes, please deflect it back to hrc who has spent her life being attacked by misogynists, nothing on her sticks
, stay woke scotty
always
oh please. lol his budget was fine despite serious issues &amp; your landlords aren't his fault. lol
and then they got bloomberg bc the city was in massive deficit.
perhaps fashioning some kind of necklace, so you can flip it around and see both sides if there's back-printing.
i'm thinking something i can hang up or sit on a shelf. wearing gav's pick feels... creepy.
he will be fine. ad!!!!!
ad and ja are having drinks at the pool.
i wish this was a movie
with enough support, it could be one! it happened for "over the hedge" and soon "mouse guard"
focus on the matter at hand, but you just said "imagine if people said what you just did in world war ii"
and it was awful, an atrocity!
lol you are hilarious.. you have the hasbara handbook memorized. arafat didn't steal from his people. that's just turnspeak
guess he made hundreds of millions by...what? you saw his bank account when he died or just ignored that?
zimmer wasn't in the buggles...he only appeared in the music video.
"finally" this gets cleared up!
fucking unsubscribe from your edge case theorization disaster scenarios, please.
jesus christ inorite
the cause of the delay was nearly a 50/50 split--29 minutes due to the late arrival of the previous flight, and 28 minutes... 1/2
thanks. and thanks to the flight attendants who helped me when i became ill on the plane!
78% of american adults don't own any guns
post trumpegeddon those 3% will be in great shape!
yeah, i thought maybe some regex magic could do it, but i'm not too familiar with making regex myself.
actually, this one is much more up to date:
bruce mosler, chairman of global brokerage of cushman &amp; wakefield "we will rebuild bigger, better and stronger."
bruce mosler to be honored annual awards dinner at oheka castle on 10/25 with kenneth fisher
but feces softball size??? and on christmas candy??? ok, that's weird
as 4 the candy.maybe a kid who didnt wash up very good after using the toilet.i'm not sure how much of these "facts"i believe.
the results of this are upsetting lol. you win
hehehe guess some people just aren't as picky as you with movies
i'd be that guy with the beer
you guys i would die. i can barely drink one lmao
because none is needed. they can block this &amp; he won't be interred. they might down the road update by laws but your analogy fail
i'm not saying it's needed. it shows where their priorities are.
you have to wonder how far roberts will let kershaw go this soon after back injury. he's at 62 pitches w/ 2 outs in the fourth.
i was just wondering the same thing. i figured he'll probably let him go 90 at least.
i don't care, stop spitting talking points to me. stop pandering others.
you are again tweeting like an imbecile. give logic and facts or stop replying.
new witcher 3 dlc
i hear if you kill the wraith haunting his garden you get to fuck dj khaled
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
~ why are you promoting cannibalism, mini cheeto dick?
if i looked up from my phone to see this i'm losing it. l privileges revoked. go home &amp; smoke that wet ass dutch.
i want to smack them and i don't even smoke
a2: when i was in classroom, in addition to newsletters, my ss &amp; i made weekly podcasts for parents. became keepsak...
yay podcasts! do you have students on it too?
more audio now?
yeah, i've been swapping audio books for podcasts during my commute, like a 50x increase in info density
how many lives did clinton foundation employee sidney blumenthal save?
what is a matter w/you? you should get on your knees &amp; thank your creator that you were born in the usa!
naxis called the warsaw resistance terrorists too. (but we're they?] resistance is a god given right
you're comparing the warsaw ghetto with gaza? guess you don't know your history or the facts. but you can remain ignorant...
his wife scotta callister runs the blue mountain eagle or whatever it is. kid works for another paper. idsayso
yeah and? you realize oregon is a really big state with an extraordinary number of press outlets and reporters?
get that outta here lol. if u weren't at ua for juicy campus, u arent uathen
lol idc i was here 2013 (im half ua then)
we can have our own party
its my bday. you're all invited. since my brother isn't.
dean ambrose saunters into raw as cowboy music plays "it ain't a reunion without me"
i would turn into a being of pure light if that happened.
treating innocent ppl dying as not just others but object is for far from humanity no amt of $ could buy back
trump jr's skittles-syrians meme is actually a year old and pretty popular with alt-right ...
yup, i dumped that more than a year ago. because i decided it was pretty inane. it can be applied to nearly anything.
yep. good for you, though. think of your poor lost klout.
no cable, no problem! you can now watch san diego's most accurate forecast live on the channel!
it's how i watch now. but how come the weekend broadcasts don't come on at 6 am?
when you are struggling to figure out why you are exhausted at 8:30pm and you remember your day started at 4:00am
story of my life lately
kershaw strikes out crawford and his greasy hair!
hoping kershaw is ok physically. not to panic anyone but he pulled up short a little bit on that last pitch,maybe frustration
romney says 47% don't pay taxes: outrage! romney has "binders of women": outrage! hillary calls millions of americans "deplorables": meh
double standard! like anybody is surprised!
i think i touched a nerve. craven and terrible at understanding risk. *pat pat* no step on snek
i can only hear "no step on snek" being sung by james hetfield. good god.
no matter what happens on nov 9 i'm going to an event called "point and laugh at trump tower" i love the first amendment
but everyone should vote! mail in an absentee ballot request before the end of oct!!! it takes 5 min!!
i'm supposed to be studying for finance
no bueno lmaoo , omg i just remembered u carrying me up the stairs at the party hahaha and the beginning was a fail
i was going to make a joke about this but the implications were ultimately too unsettling
it is acknowledged in the piece.
just had acupuncture done for the first time ever and everything was fine except his 4 needle technique. holy fuck that was painful
oh jeeze yeah you should feel it but definitely not be painful
a2: using video with multilingual subtitles for my diverse parent population.
hey efrain!!
easiest way not to get shot by a cop.....freeze....stand still...hands up.....do what they say.
and if they say, "get on your knees and suck my cock," you should do that too?
he doesn't know what to think
well we all know mama knows best!
everybody get one free grain of rice
rice is life
lol. he did far more than that. but hey...you're right. everyplace was so better off before :)
he just very obviously changed the city for rich people. but the people who live here don't remember him well.
an account dm-ed me to ask for a follow in exchange for original fan art. their "fan art" is literally just shit you can do on prisma.
listen i just want you to follow me and support my art
he's had 6 starts
really? one in the minors, miami, &amp; yankees. where were the other 3?
no denying he's my nephew lmao
lmao then he'll place my hand on him, like "bitch get to work"
we can have our own party
you guys are all invited to my bday party. my brother isn't even coming....
why do i like rose milk tea so muck
the tasty rose panels, that's why. (i love rose milk tea so much!)
you have to wonder how far roberts will let kershaw go this soon after back injury. he's at 62 pitches w/ 2 outs in the fourth.
dodger fans follow you?
wind chime of guitar picks?
hah! i've got enough!
his wife scotta callister runs the blue mountain eagle or whatever it is. kid works for another paper. idsayso
you're shocked to discover people in the same family get into the same kind of work?
stein has shown herself to be unworthy of pres vote, but how on earth does that translate to a vote for trump?
in the sense of 1 less vote for hrc. gw bush would not have taken fl in 2000, if no idiot 3rd party nader voters
if i die at horror nights it'll probably be bc of suzy
this is evidence
i am loving all the liberal butthurt from the same people who brought us this.
who eats m&amp;ms by the handful? a racist monster, that's who.
group chat, voxer, and email, constant comm, with 3-4x coverage, so i get saturation
who do you group bitmoji chat with? cc once again!!
why the hell would you do that?
eagles looked pretty good tonight. special teams, ehhhhh
oh no. a bunch of ugly women supporting have my name. whatever shall i do?
oh. well i can see why she's upset with things.
hey if it means asia delight tomorrow i'll do it
i'm going to in n out
who the chicago tribune reporters picked in this game (h/t , )
funny but not unexpected. cutler injury certainly altered his game.
i am trying to convince our neighbor to let us try that but he has intense feelings about the paint.
i am so lost about all of this, but sloat gardens might be able to help!
there's something uniquely captivating about this pic!?! it must be one of those jedi mind tricks, isn't it?!
you're a sweetheart and a million :))) &lt;333 mwah!!!
when shes not makin us laugh &amp; she speaks it comes from a genuine place &amp; its ur listenin 2 ur sis or bf
sho nuff! we love sheryl!! cheers 2 all
ivanka trump gets secret service protection
what a waste of tax payers money! if trump was worried about his kids safety why doesn't he hire bodyguards for them?
diana was talking about being disappointed so many guys are "butt guys" and asked why there can't be "sassy personality guys" truth
because sassy personality dont suck dick or throw it back like they should
we simply dont need them here. they have nothing to offer us - what?
wow! and you call yourself a christian??? jesus would find you deplorable.
hey , that's the point i made last month. glad you agree.
you're scum, walsh. your irish forebears could have been refugees. you &amp; your ilk (jr.!) are the problem.
thank you so much.
happy birthday, toni!!!
who could trump ban from our country following this man's arrest?
houstonians, obvi.
like i said, i'd be bitter if i were you too. i get it, i really do. and
lol ll you have left in your bag of tricks are insults! come back when u ready for facts
yep. bring back the 70's. life was so much better in nyc :)
the cleanup would have happened regardless. but it could have become anything, not just luxury development
do you guys have any feedback which you would like to share, that we can give to our product team. ^pk
. pretty sure the tweet has the relevant feedback embedded in it, no?
i think about how long it takes windows to calculate how many cartoons i have
my future kid will inherit all my boondocks clippings and three books.
100% regretting not getting gas when i was in va this weekend because now there's a gas shortage in nc sos send help (and gas)
signs u should be up here with me
you can't even capitalize properly. stop repeating others.
you are bigger imbecile than i thought.
too busy doing homework
i screamed for real y'all.
what's a good state to get for a fake id
me &amp; my roommates have florida &amp; we aint never had a problem. plus u bad asf bouncers aint really paying attention like that.
but i do totally remember him talking my hand and pulling me into the bedroom and he had no pants on and it was
real life picture of petey's butt:
the delirium series are one of the most slept on books ever deadass
ive been dying to read this
my god, i can't look at this movie the same way anymore lmao
this isn't even getting into the fact that wilde times is in the final version... and that asylum!?
thx so much krysten!
you are so welcome! :d
a2: in my experience, best time to communicate about "real" issues is while on the playground shooting hoops or going for a walk.
yep!! i like to take walks during 1:1s
gen x twitter is pretty bad twitter
i don't expect this kind of thing from you. would've ended that with "fight me." and evoked dad rage. not your schtick methinks
oh my god! i heard you guys on the periscope
yasssss can u send it to me
i have no words for that video....holy fucking shit
u prob do it faster
so, once again, is rollins a face now..or....
at this point who even cares? rollins has been watered down drastically.
lol. that's fine. blasio will bring back those good ole days :)
hah, so much disappointment there
actually i'm more worried how u don't have a rlly ugly pic of me as my contact pic
i wanted 2 be nice but looks like i'll have to change it
the ppl have spoken..it is what it is!
blue dropping some shit tonight these niggas in trouble
watch his 5 part panel meeting with opb. they controlled the narrative in 100% monopoly
i know a good dozen reporters in oregon following the story. i doubt les svengali has hypnotic powers over them
and if it did have a header, we would have removed it, and if we did remove it, i don't recall it.
the expert in double talk and sheeple eat it up!
if knows the hot buttons to get under hillary's skin during the first debate, he wins the debate and the presidency.
oh he knows! this is going to be fun! go put her out of our misery!
you are bigger imbecile than i thought.
you have no logic or facts to argue. using profanity.
i just threw up
i feel drunk just watching this
this reminds me of something you would say/experience
this is my life and you know it
never know. remember 2000? get out the vote and let the people decide!
the people are deciding this election &amp; no matter who is elected eric &amp; donald don;t get to decide what constitutes a blind trust.
i rubbed my own calves like a simp
you giving me the blues right now.
it's one of those days where my socks actually match and i'm awake.
that's awesome, kyle! check us out for more matches :)
there are ppl in the skittles tag trying to shame w/ pics of bombed syrians. do they know obama's the one who bombed them?
pretty sure it was isil, or goverment forces, or rebels, or all 4. what the hell does it matter?
today's been a pretty decent monday.. got to pay off one of my big student loans + got my top right rib popped back into place. hbu?
played counter strike with my younger brother all day
how about a mom and toddler thrown off a bridge by a traffic accident?
holy shit :(
close to it. i hate ybor :(
lmao. but that ain't mel's fault
what priorities? your analogy failed. they didn't promote or nominate this guy.
you don't think it's important for a sports organization to set the bar for sportsman like behavior?
" on - mariah carey - i'll be lovin' u long time - tune in now to -
attention star is on itunes
prob be coming without their rt but an interesting team.
let's see how the birds fare, on sunday, against pittsburgh.
better to sprain something than get blown up by a "clock"
you're more likely to get blown up by your neighbor's gun.
so disappointed this wasn't about socks.
bummer but no worries, we are all about socks! check us out - thanks :)
(i kid but i do, in fact, love these silly convos. arguing about nonsense is sometimes a necessary corrective to worrying about the world)
i feel like my tl has been 'new rap' vs 'old rap" every day for the past 6 months.
ivanka trump seems confused about the religion she converted to
ivanka chump is just an airhead
i apparently just played don't starve for 8 hours
best game. my fav is wilson. i also like willow and woody
the champagne colored one wow
omg will we ever have enough
watch his 5 part panel meeting with opb. they controlled the narrative in 100% monopoly
besides that it's an outrageous accusation you should be providing specific proof for. not telling me to google
bush spox doesn't deny:
not surprising at all.would be far more surprising if he were voting for trump.
hello im love marie shes my best friend and i love her
i love you too logiebear
me either even if i had that kind of cash.
well if it's for someone else, maybe. i barely spend on myself, yet i'll pay a bar tab for friends without a second thought.
too bad of a pun?
no it was good. i appreciated it
some success. little by little. here's a link it was orig inspired by
many thanks for the info!
ive been dying to read this
i love it!!! did u read lauren oliver's first book??
oh hells yeah!thanks gregg
anytime my brother
i was sure that were you
yass it was
i love these little tricks. doesn't look like they fix this specific problem though, unless i'm missing it.
probably something like ^(([keyword]|@[username])\s+\s*)+$ but i haven't debugged that so ymmv
can you help us parents by sharing were in the open data is the list of schools by dbn and unzoned vs zoned status?
for example where is this data coming from? see zoned vs unzoned, admissions pr...
the last 2 weeks i've lost 8 pounds and gained two back in muscle
you're the biggest thot i know bro.
you gonna hate the ig this week lol, have nuff heat
lol you da
uh huh. lol. that's fine. the good ole days coming back lol
right, okay. keep on putting your shoe in your mouth bc nobody is saying that
didn't know i was terrible at how i saved people on myuntil i was just looking for a number. i have no clue who gail or 2 of the 4 joes are
the only two people who aren't first and last name in my phone are "mom" and "dad." even my brother gets the full name treatment.
josiah roos, 13, of cape coral, sports trump socks with fluffy orange hair @ trump estero rally.
loving those pair, !
nbfrt lmao smfh so childish
so childish &amp; ugly hahahaha thas why i pushed her azz into the pull she was hella mad lol
this is just bad parenting
i agree. put your kid in those blue &amp; white colors and you're setting them on a path for disappointment.
learn something new everyday lol
all girls do it lmao send the nudes to they girls first too get approval
no no no, that's you
yea according to robert
the recruitment video shows bill clinton as a fornicator and opens with the great obama in the first frame. why is she recruiting
who even says "fornicator?" this isn't victorian england pal
iran mocks obama. russia ignores him china humiliates him philippines insults him. tell me more how he'll improve our standing in the world.
he will improve our standing....the day he vacates the white house!
the ideal terror-alert system would catch attackers---and tell us to calm down when freaking out.
i got text at 8:00am to be on lookout for terror suspect. a 2nd text saying he had been caught would've been nice
being mixed is hard because you have to learn hella different languages to be accepted into the colored part of your family
y'all try learning german and practicing your spanish at the same time
"you want to give me a good send-off? go vote." -barack obama:
might want to reconsider ... lol
he's a billionaire, you have not one ounce of proof to deny it, not on me to prove anything.
and you do not have 1 ounce to prove he is. not on me to probe it.
zoey 101 theme song
watch the whole thing
to four brave brians.
no joke my middle name is johnathan.
how fucking amazing is that congrats
yes thanks
no. it wouldn't have and didn't occur. not until he did it. :)
do you live here? do you remember going to school and having cops search you for no reason? didn't think so
the amount of times i comment "thick" on pics he honestly probably hates me
lolol you keep the saying alive!
no i mean the mayor of new york who cant even say the word terrorism
you mean if we start saying "terrorism" it will go away? hocus pocus?
if obama &amp; hillary knew how to fight and deter isis, how come isis was born &amp; grew prodigiously on their watch?
noo don't say the truth . the people don't want to hear that. just say a lone wolf attacks every time.
50 days until is elected president of the united states of america!
keep dreaming
remember that time michelle obama used bill clinton's cheating to say hillary shouldn't be president? i do.
they owe hillary, skull and bones, bilderberg, secret society. they chose hrc in 2008 when p.obama crashed the party.
lmfao i knew this was gonna come up again
i wish you never said it!!! you have ruined that image for me! lmao
a white man complaining about white men ignoring blacks while vehemently ignoring blacks is more meta than i can handle.
the way some people handle pushback from the same community they say they're championing .... says a lot
david duke backs trump: appeals to extremists! communist party endorses hillary: crickets.
wow! this was buried!
let's start now
"you old plate of soup!"
i understand why it doesn't, but imessage should store a chat history remotely by default. the actual behavior appears badly broken.
but then our friends and relatives wouldn't complain about taking up half of their 16gb phones.
you picked a juicy one!
he is just so cute (and also fuzzy like a peach tbh)
microclimate?
indeed, there are often pictures of sfs temp map where the sunset is 20-30f cooler than the high
beyonc is bojangles, the rest of these are destiny's child
damn how bad is churchs??
a2 what everyones's already said, i'll add we're hosting a parent university this year too, super excited about it
your own curriculum or an existing one?
how are the yankees making it when they are a fair amount behind
i see them as a potential wild-card their lineup is strong and they have a lot of division games
lost, my lost &amp; worked is busting my balls...i don't give a crap that it's only monday...
that box belongs in the baby seat
"personal foul after the play, number 22... head slap, automatic first down"
fucking "head slap" was the call
olx soma awards: to vote for citizen tv in the news channel category, click this link &gt;&gt;
attention star is on itunes
some feminists will denature rahami's islamist terror as "toxic masculinity"; cf omar mateen
here's a good example of this genre of subtle but absurd deflection:
it's just crazy a man going around planting bombs doesn't get killed...white woman beats cops up in her spare time she breathing doe
what you left out is the bomb dude got shot in a shoot out
in six days, i'll be in manhattan.
drop by riverside park. can be kind of an oasis
the eagles - "hotel california"
love that song
sad to announce i won't be in the evil 8 or challenger for autumn season ):
:( roster isn't closed until end of tomorrow, starting
they do. if he was playing he'd have been suspended from league. he's retired...for many years.
if it was the military they would have stricken any honors from his record
photo of saturn taken by a telescope, another taken by the cassini probe. my brain is malfunctioning again.
where's the iphone 7 plus side by side
im sure it would like, viciously murder too
honestly, there would be very few survivors. i screencap twitter whenever we get close to...
yeah! i won't be in rf tho
oh that's fine
one man asks why was tritium found at 9/11 ground zero
how come no reports of radiation poisoning? likely explanation tritium glow tubes in someone's watch/novelty keychain was crushed
sounds like a good monday too me
not complaining
omgnskdkd you did the opposite
i'm unpredictable sweaty
damn right you should have eric decker and forte
they're both animals
look at poor tyler trying to protect himself and his piss-ant business from the betsies dox. bwhahahhh! he's squirm...
kind of doubt it. aren't they all on the rag this week anyway?
this is just bad parenting
they couldn't even get on the correct side to correspond w his shirt those are gonna be some expensive therapy bills
why play ryan mathews here? put in smallwood or barner. don't leave the injury-prone guy out there in garbage time.
you can say the same for wentz. why is he still in this game?
pristine example of a journalist concerned that whistleblower leaked too much, not that govt conceals too much. nev...
ppl just want to watch games &amp; lease new cars. truth gets in da way
but you had afghan kebabs and are going to austin. do you have a car while there?
not renting a car, will make use of austin's fake uber &amp; bum lifts. you got a recommendation for me?
we are the free and brave not greedy and evil/scared. you're shameless and a coward
oh no, pulled out the dreaded neo-nazi frog. the new internet muscles.
great dinner with my family in nyc after the colbert show. my brother sonny sister in law arlene...
looks like fun. next time try patsys on 56th and 6th. i was there last sat night.
trump and the other america firsters of that day would have let einstein die - they were against jewish refugees coming to us
the failure to take in the jewish refugees when they came on board st louis in 1939 to us is a blight on our history.
better have clean heads when i get there
get a load of this guy, expecting a fully functioning printer over here
some success. little by little. here's a link it was orig inspired by
this is fantastic, btw, &amp; inspiring. trying to get on board w/ twitter. tweet to the hashtag suggestions. thanks!
our tosa group. fun stuff keeps us laughing. work can't be all serious stuff!
love that! completely agree fun is a requirement
umm... mind blown.
you thought toastyness too? i've decided all the cool people think it was toastyness and not minutes lol
aside from the blocking, literally did write some of the best shows that transcending tv. \_()_/
it's an honor to have such a rep in the media that aka david simon blocks me who's "important" &amp; i've never talked to him
doug pederson's hair
i'm just glad we have a coach who wears a visor
jim carrey supplied late girlfriend with drugs, wrongful death lawsuit claims
jim carey's dermatologist was the uncle of my brother's former girlfriend. that was the biggest gift, to be near him. .
, thanks for following. i appreciate it! looking forward to learning more about you and what you do :-)
thanks for connecting.
long day, how we doing out there twitter
just got home from the met game and they lost. i'm tired
some girl dropped $200 on a candle at diptique today, manager gave me $150 perfume for free. being nice pays
when i got bit emotional the manager said to me 'ew, don't cry'
why did bey have to fuck up otr editing though i really love that tour
it's her best editing cause it's the full thing
never will happen
he's a thot fo dat jeep life tho
i love it!!! did u read lauren oliver's first book??
i freaking haven't, i just knew about her delerium series since early high school and always wanted to read badly
can someone help this man pls
i saw this earlier and fucking died on the train
and i can tell these works give you solace to this day
when i walked into the anderson collection at stanford, it was like a party with old friends: pollock, rothko, tobey, louis
not for no reason. to help reduce crime. it did.
no it didn't. nobody was committing crimes there. follow ups found it just pushed crime back into neighborhoods
i had no idea the rules were so extensive!
i interviewed at telltale on talk like a pirate day
so much lotus love. but the tall peoples, we gets less of it.
top has to be off for you.
it's beautiful. i'm so happy
i love it too
paycheck for this week carson wentz: $26,471 jay cutler: $941,176
it won't be long before wentz' weekly pay is 7 figures.
yes, i am one of maybe 3345 people out of 8.4 million who missed the lavender sunset in nyc tonight. sorry.
what?! gosh i missed it too... i must be lame
conv was more about process and technology helping sfdc users, rather than the salesforce product itself
i mean, i was definitely talking shit on how you can't edit custom fields on events in salesforce1.
and you can breathe now, too!
i think peaky isn't talking to me
why doesn't anyone go to the games
team is out of it, and stadium is bad.
i love it!!! did u read lauren oliver's first book??
read the vespertine and the springsweet, you'll kill yourself.
love that hair! i wore mine like that kinda
we want proof.
pulp (1972) michael caine, lizabeth scott and mickey rooney in malta; dir. mike hodges, feels like richard lester
where?! what channel?! i must see this!!! omg lizabeth scott!!!
snapchat should do an update where you can personalize the feed to see whose stories you want to watch first before everyone else's.
cuz i hate having to search for the people whose stories i wanna watch
i'm good. how are you?
doing good too what are you doing
the 3:35am train from babylon due penn at 4:49am is 27 minutes late due to late-arriving equipment caused by an earlier service suspension.
reflect these as late or didn't work on your records i noticed they say on time at the stations---don't pad your stats
this is from the beginning of my cancer story. my reconstructive surgeon,...
i wish you a quick and complete recovery shannen!
i tweet about depression and ptsd on here, so i'm fasho gonna talk about moments of happiness too.
this is beautiful you deserve this
a turbulent 24 hours for donald trump's children
is not an objective news organization, it sounds like hillary propaganda machine
i'm rlly dead cause this nigga broke my heart and i got a sad ass tattoo and he got a new bitch lol
wish them the best tho lol
john kasich will meet with president obama at the white house to discuss tpp
or just another treasonist plan to disrupt his own party??
that's cause the little fucker knew you were after it
honestly i'm pretty sure it did because it took me a solid 4 minutes to prepare myself to leave the room to grab the chancla
i was eating and watching stranger things at the same time and i was so into the show i fucked around and bit my fingers hella hard smh
tell me why that happened to me yesterday while i was watching stranger things....
'allo rod! where would i pretty please be able to find your professional vogue mashup? thank you!!
i think my soundcloud
twitter, i desperately need your help. please give me all the best anime characters who don't normally wear glasses, then do.
i'm a bit late, but hotaru in that one episode of dagashi kashi?
ty u a real one
yee anytime!
you swear you know me
i do know you not bout it.
i didn't say it would last or would work.
we might imagine various possible forms of it. eg, corporate campus of easily movable bldg modules, as google proposed
all media should refuse to report on campaign statement as the nominee refuses to say these words to camera
i am once again defended by this horrible dishonest statement acting like he did the country a favor. racist
wooaah that's crazy
i'm a little creeped out about it lol
the munchieseth shall be dealt with at the round table
squadron on their wayeth to the round table where the shalt defeat thy munchieths
this guy always makes up bullshit. it's expected from the bbc. we'll find out the truth soon enough dont worry
bullshit is all bbc does..
we might imagine various possible forms of it. eg, corporate campus of easily movable bldg modules, as google proposed
container park(s) like the one in las vegas done by 's ..
we are fucking eating!
what a time.
max is bummed out/lethargic with the cone, so i got him a new mechanical toy today.
poor kitty , cone of shame :-)
container park(s) like the one in las vegas done by 's ..
. at houslets we explore diy, dissemblable, low-cost steel-frame modules, could be $250 for 8x10' module (0.5 teu form)
ivanka trump ends cosmo interview after being ambushed by questions bashing her father
typical f-ing liberals....dirty tactics. now you know they're running scared.
congratulations mike rea!
thanks betsy - sorry i didn't get to say hi last night
anything trans for young people is madness. they should have to wait until adulthood where views are solidly formed by then.
i sincerely disagree &amp; believe you should personally listen who identify as grand into a multitude until your comfortable
live on : grand sumo tournament live from , (a few matches)
. awesome sumo wrestling in tokyo, japan
. at houslets we explore diy, dissemblable, low-cost steel-frame modules, could be $250 for 8x10' module (0.5 teu form)
. cheap &amp; simple enough it's easy to build &amp; reshape spaces, stack/connect modules, etc. interoperable w/ship containers
i sincerely disagree &amp; believe you should personally listen who identify as grand into a multitude until your comfortable
listen to others. listen to new. listen to youth. just listen and be open. it's how we got here and not doing it held us back
lmfao do they do the usain bolt in the luvoratorrrrry! dance
also i always read it as "lavatory"
it happened!! i let go wild and try his hardest to do my makeup link in bio.....
which lipstick he used
i've often thought sci. man. has a place in obvious and can contribute in complicated
large part of sm involved apprentice models of management &amp; a distinct place for human judgement. key to complex &amp; chaotic
new infosec rule: if a company claims to have a 'hacker' culture or similar, they must supply rollerblades to all employees.
i'm in but only -- if ur old school / og can u get 70s style 2x2 option? :-)
trump falsely accuses clinton of slandering black and latino voters
so according to killary, half of trump's supporters are "people who don't like black and latino voters?" who's full of shit?
what teaser are you going to have on repeat all day?
two more months
i just feel like if we're resorting to this we've failed in some terrible terrible way
trump is on the ballot, there is no if condition before failure here...
mannnnn, you ever feel like you are too lucky for your own good????
i feel like that with , like i didn't do anything, but everyone is so nice
can i please look at one thing on the internet that has nothing to do with trump it's not healthy to see trump news right before sleep
i won't tweet about what i don't wanna see
mannnnn, you ever feel like you are too lucky for your own good????
all jokes aside, i usually ignore everyone, but with the bbq this past weekend i got a ton of hear for 0 reason
wow! just to be clear, you took this photo?
. yes sir, took them 09/15/2016 all photos i submit are mine, thank you.
c'mon dave, gimme a hof ballot. i could vote on the australia section! i'm from there! i know heaps about nathan jones! he's tall and bald!
it's australia and oceania innit mate? brush up on your samoans.
i meet new people everyday but all of them are dicks
dogs are cool.
my only comment reading this: it would be math...
you know me
mannnnn, you ever feel like you are too lucky for your own good????
but i got a whole ton, "why didn't you intro me" " why didn't you do this" "why didn't you do that"
: "do you look through your eye?" no i look thru my ears
i didn't even notice i said that
mannnnn, you ever feel like you are too lucky for your own good????
i look at my fav djs as humans, but y'all look at the same person as a "back stage"piece of met
yes!!! i would make him look so pretty xx
yall ready for that twight walk
not brooklyn kitchen! i will be in australia.
figured it out, which is a bummer. next time!
owwwwieeeee ? time helps in the day but, need to fix super rare tooth disorder. at all
selling beloved and collectables lots please help me out of severe
mannnnn, you ever feel like you are too lucky for your own good????
there are a handful of you i'm disappointed in, so i will leave it at that. but during campout. please don't act like you know me!
the best photoshoot in the world
the truck stop hooker look is so important to me
saying goodbye to friends who i've known since elementary school is one of the weirdest thing ever
see ya at friendsgiving and bethfriendzmas
why did we blow at shacharit this am?
we blow it because we want to wake up our souls; high holy days are near!
gif tits boobs
super fine young lady!!!!!
i have way too much energy rn
i just fell off my bed and landed in a 12 pack of soda
i'm the plug for all the medicine if ya need any
that's so nice!!!! gn luv u!!
australia's immigration policy is official tissue. if you can swim thru the great barrier reef they will let you in the country
if u could make alot of money there, it would be over populated,but they don't produce enough2get people's attention
fair question but majority of aussies not actively religious; only a fraction of religious minority bigoted.
true. yet conservatives have hijacked "christian" while christian churches stay silent &amp; let acl lead
when men claiming to be women put out statements like this ""my heels are a political statement" one has to choke.
make statements of spectrum, non binary and many more including transgendered identity. awareness + acceptance for u,me+them!
why is the media obsessed with david duke and birtherism stories? because trump is winning
the more they lie &amp; spin the truth the determined we are for real change! trump!!!
you have that in github?
the data is personal data, i will remove the data file then make the repo public.
ok, something more realistic here hahaha
honestly watch a baby shit and cry for an hour...baby fever dies instantly
it grew in 1920s on because there were more jews &amp; more villages &amp; kibbutzim established.
i admire the way you are handling this topic.
. customer support reps telling me to switch browsers when the site is clearly not working is not very helpful.
rip in peace
ok, something more realistic here hahaha
u can also go to the store and look at the price of diapers and formula...that does it too
nowplaying worth it - young thug 08:57
listen to loyalties trust by red-stuy on .
i'm sry she has arthritis but bitch killing the bees we tryna save
oh hellllllll nahh!!!! bitch take some advil! the fuck?
australia's immigration policy is official tissue. if you can swim thru the great barrier reef they will let you in the country
also getting free easy money doesn't exist there like the u.s.a. example welfare,and providing medical help2non citizens smh.
heres the link to last night's episode of happy parents day for those who missed it! :) happy parents day 2
thank u bro! thois what i get when i click on the link, u'll always be my inspiring hero!
over the hedge was a fantastic film i even had the game for my gameboy
them niggas is savages over that hedge! immigrants
kinky boots is a play / book. it is not real life
inspired by real life. in nyc trans women are still murdered. lgbtq murdered. the t is last for a reason and not even trans
"i gotta go bleach my chin" -remain nameless to maintain her pride
me too me too!! let's do it tomorrow lol
kinky boots is a play / book. it is not real life
long story short we are all on the same side for safe identity and living life. please listen before a divide.
kinky boots is a play / book. it is not real life
nyc is the safest in the nation possibly the world yet we still have so much danger and hate inside.
i'll be honest. i think using react components for "all the things" is bad, but react router v4 is a very solid design. it.
to clarify: *imo* using react components to create declarative sound processors or express servers is fun but ill advised...
, check out this reframing technique in trump's recent press-release regarding birthersm
can someone say "jiu-jitsu". every time this is broached, d history of it's origin is unfurled 4 more pple
kinky boots is a play / book. it is not real life
i urge you to just listen to young and old folk who identify as trans. identity is reclamation of self and against patriarchy
hey! i just need a little more info from you friend. can you tell me more? *naej
what do you need to know ?
to clarify: *imo* using react components to create declarative sound processors or express servers is fun but ill advised...
... however react router v4 is a very good example of leveraging react components in unconventional ways. it's awesome.
kinky boots is a play / book. it is not real life
i've followed you because i know you're wise and you also encounter bad. but you know good. keep listening and explore!
nfl uniforms really have these dudes looking like college teams but yall still tripping over the pledge of allegiance? make unis great again
people r upset because that has 2do with the military n not cops,colin could had easily chose another way2express his thoughts
this place is huge...i'm lost, how do i get out? - attending dumpstaphunk w/ jazz mafia horns at brooklyn bowl...
it has an excellent sound system and a pretty-good dance floor. nice employees, too.
the queen of trump conservatives - the atlantic. that would be ann coulter.
ann coulter is that people are bored of her shtick. she's outraged that liberals don't work up the levels of outrage she once got from us.
nfl uniforms really have these dudes looking like college teams but yall still tripping over the pledge of allegiance? make unis great again
no1here is holding him away from leaving he could do that b.s. in the cfl if he wants.
third year in a row made the top ten of 's ! let's take the spot next year!
thank you for the autographs today at my daughter came home beaming!
... however react router v4 is a very good example of leveraging react components in unconventional ways. it's awesome.
the folks that want declarative sound processing or express servers should just use fp to develop their apis, imo.
i've followed you because i know you're wise and you also encounter bad. but you know good. keep listening and explore!
i know you'll show compassion towards those if you listened. you inspired me and could inspire more!
" good morning christine happy friday ahave a great weekend
good friday morning charlie!
notification: time for bed if u wanna catch those 7 hours! me, on the 1st paragraph of this paper that's due tmrw:
i'll write it 4 you what's the subject
ann coulter is that people are bored of her shtick. she's outraged that liberals don't work up the levels of outrage she once got from us.
as long as somebody makes sure no humans or animals are tortured or killed by ann coulter due to her annoyance at her fickle fans, i'm cool.
just one wear and my bumpband is detaching on my jeans, but no response from customer service :-( odd
hi, we're sorry abt this. please send an email to our customer service at contact.com, they'll contact u within 48h. thx
kinky boots is a play / book. it is not real life
spectrum is real but identity is valid. genitals are extremities we all have &amp; identities are real. similar to far left/right
jesus is waiting by al green
heck yeah, that's a good one
we have finally been blessed
you playing fantasy football?
as long as somebody makes sure no humans or animals are tortured or killed by ann coulter due to her annoyance at her fickle fans, i'm cool.
straight &amp; narrow or your soul gets cast. goodnight!
": tonight: , , a performance by kiiara,and your funniest tweets.
you aced it. you were amazing.
i've followed you because i know you're wise and you also encounter bad. but you know good. keep listening and explore!
anyway i'm going to bed it's 5am and yes i may be one of those you consider freaks but we're all flesh and die alone
"globalists" is, like "zionists" or "zios" the new antisemitic code word for jews
if u really need to know "globalists" is code word or (non-conspiracy theory term) for new world order, illuminati, bilderberg
thanks! i'm not even sure i want to see him fight again, personally. still, it's actually kind of likely.
i agree with you 100 percent. he's not ready but he will fight again, against another celebrity just like you said.
you still rock anything you wear
thank you ily and imy erra!!!
i voted for freakin' mccain and i hated mccain. you do what you've got to do.
so true but there are a lot of us who love trump just the way he is.
president obama's successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. period.
try being honest and tell the truth how u failed america! phony health records! email scandal! benghazi ! clinton foundatio
thanks! i'm not even sure i want to see him fight again, personally. still, it's actually kind of likely.
and that makes me sad. i don't want the to be a joke or become too commercialized.
if your last meal was tomorrow, what would it be?
redlobster biscuits,popeyeschicken,buluga caviar,disco frys,ruthchrissteak,clams from city island,n some cambodian breast milk
imagine if blk community could comment about their own appropriations...funny how they act like basketball is a black sport
- reading your prior contribution i thought, "wow, could this be any more willfully ignorant &amp; ahistorical?" turns out, yes.
i don't kno no other singles but "2 phones" lol.
what's ya snap
premiered on this day in 1954!
i remember the first show that ever came out with was, jeff's collie, the adventure's of lassie, timmy &amp; lassie, lassie,
how do i send a return? tried the website form (doesn't work), tried phoning and email (no answer or reply)!
hi abi, please contact us via dm, i'll send you all necessary information. many thanks, s
premiered on this day in 1954!
they made so many tv shows based on lassie, and over 591 episodes. i found the link!
reading up on your hillary is a muslim claim. seems like a lot of speculation and is full of holes....
- she has been taking over 250 million dollars from muslim nations. please do your homework - i like you , pls research this
and let me say i love you all and wish you nothing but the best in your football fan endeavors. you all seem so sad.
you can include qpr fans...
ain't clitoris that big ass red dog
this is why you said that?
it so disappointingly nerfed what you can use it with :(
i know, i figured that out after the fact :(
commissioned to work in charlotte, nc next week. always wanted to visit this city.
nc is a great place man. home for me. i miss it. have fun!!
you will be missed.
spin,spin,spin the kean saga continues:
reading up on your hillary is a muslim claim. seems like a lot of speculation and is full of holes....
- she has huma abedin, who is a devout muslim - owes muslim nations for over 200 million dollars - want to bring in 500k muslims
historians may record this as the moment donald trump won the election.
. i thought the same thing. did a massive disservice to the american people tonight.
max, your a very good dog to take sure wonderful pic. hopefully some day i could visit
thank you! please do!
gallup poll: american trust in news media falls to lowest level in history - washington times
i've watched very little msm except fox and feel much better. they seem to favor the truth with conscience.
reading up on your hillary is a muslim claim. seems like a lot of speculation and is full of holes....
- how can you defend her, when she has lied to congress, lied to fbi, lied to american, lies about her health. crooked foundation
is hillary clinton out of ammo to use against donald trump? via
all of her ammo has backfired! she has no credibility to lead! backed by establishment crony politics!
the comma one: comes in any color you want as long as it's neon green
congrats y'all! goals, tech are all impressive, but even more the
august 25? no way... the dude has shaved since monday.
security confirms. he leaves to use bathroom etc
reading up on your hillary is a muslim claim. seems like a lot of speculation and is full of holes....
- how much has abc7 given to her camp ? cnn gave $722,416 to clinton foundation. please do your homework and let people see truth
for whom?!
for u...to get rid of that baby fever...don't fuck around and have a baby then be this
happy birthday to me
!!! may all your wishes come true on your special day...big hugs! u gotta come out &amp; shoot in the
we just got a really dope comic of what white people fear the most. a black king
smh they don't really look at africa it has the most natural resources in the world and the only good places r
baby doll attitude,
definitely some harajuku influence
if i order this now, will i be charged instantly or when it ships in november?
hi callum, please email support.com. our team will look into this for you. thanks!
we just got a really dope comic of what white people fear the most. a black king
north africa and south africa,south run by white and north run by moroccans
. retweet what is islam all about?
wake america!!!
saw a promo for and that got me thinking. do you think i could make the transition to being on air on tv?
update that resume!
it says tickets for berlin already sold out?! even tho they only announced today?!?!
hi, please email support.com. our team will look into it for you. thanks!
throwback does anyone know he got a twitter?
i think i was cutter back then
we just got a really dope comic of what white people fear the most. a black king
n other arab nations,remember when the english n spaniard came2africa4slaves it was ur black kings selling them.
he has no shame
we all know quashing claims in pander to african americans. haha. too little way too late.
same effect. same thing. same game. out of our pockets; into theirs.
i don't like singling out israel as the reason why not everything is cookies &amp; sunshine.
always so scared when i try to write. and then i procrastinate. and when i get back to it, i get scared again. repeat.
hi. let's start support group. i can bring tea.
me not in a relationship: ew dick pics :( me in a relationship with a dick owner: why have i only received 8 dick pics this week, slacker?!
(seriously though, a nice looking dick attached to someone i am dating should have its own paparazzi.)
tell him go home
lol he got up outta there real quick lol
smiling, thinking about something in uber: invasion that i foreshadowed 29 issues before. i am the worst.
klaudia brings techno to america? ;)
you did it in high school now do it for the kids lol
lol the earliest i woke up in highschool was 5:30
baffling things people do.
oga have you gotten the good news?
too many humans seem to operate under the assumption that either refusing to recognize or actively applauding oppressions will keep one safe
as someone of the mind that we should all be busting ass to be a good human as possible as consistently as possible, this is repellent.
this describes us
it's a very handsome description
trump knows his supporters so well they believe anything
wow!bigot much? only you can answer that.i say you don't have the reasoning skills to escape a paper bag in a typhoon
"state of palestine" unicef:
to mike elmendort who criticizes israeli checkpoints kay wilson responds to mike
lmao wow this mtv host just asked two asian dudes if they were twins... they were not. smh lol
mtv should let you host a show about cat videos and you rate them on a scale of least likely to eat to most likely to eat
give him some water
we should've gave him some. he would've been out of the race
president obama's successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. period.
doesn't seem like you support the obama failed politics flipping and flopping in ur world to grab votes watched u lie
a legal red cross document found at usc, stanford, berkley, u of chicago?
mike is looking pretty foolish when he just has to read the nazis own statements.
god, i miss the 90's... that's all. as you were.
who doesn't?
did you see what picked up while sneaker shopping with ?
no cause complex cut off the vid and we can't see all the pairs he brought smh lmao.
why are you up so early?
the question is, why haven't i gone to slept yet. :p i suspect same reason as you. screenplay dead-end and i'm twittering to cope.
hillary's supporters are the easiest to manipulate. they count on their ignorance.
i think some of them just give up.
we miss you at
i promise i'll be there the next few months miss you guys more!!!!
mtv should let you host a show about cat videos and you rate them on a scale of least likely to eat to most likely to eat
i just gave you your next foodie friday video
filled up the ciroc bottle with water and it was funny
"wtf this shit taste like water"
i caved and turned the heat on in the car this morning.
i did yesterday and will again today 41 here in ava on this chilly tgif.
no! eff the wall. if u want peace then read the bible like tru christians not jewhaters
great response by kay wilson in video.
he's taking a literal approach to 'not seeing colour', by makes sure he never, ever sees any people of colour
- sounds familiar and like far too many folks of his ilk . . .
it was a simple question trigger temper. have a snickers.
oh, that smug bullshit.okay,hipster,will do
real flowers of our socity
we get little time to happy,if we see what is going on in our country &amp; around the world?everyone is robbing their country?
from now until the end of november i'm going to 7 concerts
damn u got money shiet
it was a simple question trigger temper. have a snickers.
for a guy who takes care of special needs kids(i have two),you're a bigoted,arrogant,angry jerk.
jazz point guard george hill spontaneously bought meals for the homeless in salt lake city:
salute to g.hill u the man.
it was a simple question trigger temper. have a snickers.
go cast aspersions elsewhere in your free time.
yeah ready to come back
ain't shit outhere no more stay there
everyone from that's so raven lost their dam mind
this song is dope tho
are you trying to bait me by saying ridiculous things? the foundation is not her campaign.
- not at all. i really like you. just want you to realize what she is about.. she is the devil. we will lose america forever
watching this morning talking about
so proud of you and your next jump!
i'm debating on going to work &amp; if i don't i think i will cook.
what'd you end up doing?
the largest c++ file we found in github has 528mb, 57 lines of code. contains the first 50,847,534 primes, all hard coded in an array.
what about the largest compiled binary?
travis scott is more 2009 cudi than kid cudi is
disrespectful
janet jackson for fade , that would've been classic
she on bed rest with her first baby
are you trying to bait me by saying ridiculous things? the foundation is not her campaign.
- i will never bait you. i want people to understand that we lose america to islam if she is elected, no borders - 1000's of refug
most voters see five-foot thick brick walls as more transparent than clinton.
her voters are stupid, don't follow the election purposely.as data rolls out,they hide
too many humans seem to operate under the assumption that either refusing to recognize or actively applauding oppressions will keep one safe
as someone of the mind that we should all be busting ass to be as good a human as possible as consistently as possible, this is repellent.
i have to stop wearing shorts for a few days bc the chub rub right now is too real
thick girl problems
we're fact-checking it on tv this morning
i visited trump's fake "store" on fifth ave. another lie!
are you trying to bait me by saying ridiculous things? the foundation is not her campaign.
- the foundation is her.. she is the foundation. they took 250 million from muslim nations. for what ? for influence.
my child tf
100% need to have a copy of that pic, pleeeeeeeease
didn't cook and i went up to the club but nothing special was going on so netflix it is
hm. sounds about right. i'm about to continue blacklist on netflix after a lil tastyblacks
ha'aretz ... and quoting the un, right.
why does haaretz host a shrine to a dead muslim terrorist murderers?
the atheists are subtweeting you via podcast now. lol.
padraig, for the love of god(lol), what are you doing listening to it?
as someone of the mind that we should all be busting ass to be as good a human as possible as consistently as possible, this is repellent.
as someone who spent some years in formal study of history and remains a student thereof, it is despair-inducing in its cowardly naivete.
looking forward to w/ 'bernadette' 2016
see you there!
are you trying to bait me by saying ridiculous things? the foundation is not her campaign.
- she sold ambassadorships - all gave to clinton foundation while she was sec. of state.this is pay 4 play
so someone sent me this pick and i was like oh well fuck now i have some gym motivation while i'm here
you know while i do encourage exercise for good health...it's kind of upsetting that someone would photoshop you at all.
too funny not to tbh.
you should take your own words to heart.
as someone who spent some years in formal study of history and remains a student thereof, it is despair-inducing in its cowardly naivete.
as someone who knows better than to imagine safety as real for anyone within systems of oppression, i'm frustrated by the foolishness.
has anyone, ever, heard of pneumonia disappearing in 4-5 days? me thinks that not what's wrong folks
her voters are purposely myopic &amp; stupid
are you trying to bait me by saying ridiculous things? the foundation is not her campaign.
- i like you more than anyone at abc7 now. pls do your homework - i was one of the few to call out obama muslim 6 yrs ago. facts
lmaoooo that website is funny to me
lol i don't like watching white porn so that's why i use it
my industry is just a vast, ridiculous diaspora of hungry souls fighting for moments. even so, fuck jimmy fallon.
they're cosseted shills.
a: i have found that green screen has been awesome for public speaking. the kids do psas all of the time.
i have not try's green screen yet, looking forward to it. do you use special equipment ?
gm darlene! have a wdful &amp; blessed thurs
happy blessed friday may have a a good day . to start
this is a joke. right? i mean, it has to be a joke. it can't be real. no one is this stupid. right? right?
i saw the segment. they made fun of the "theory." did you watch it?
natasha roth in +972: "yes, israel does differentiate between jewish and palestinian terror"
great response to natasha why israel has checkpoints and a wall.
"mr. trump believes that president obama was born in the united states." ~jason miller, trump campaign
then why doesn't the old coot say it himself?
there are already thousands of refugees here. these are people being slaughtered by isis. we should welcome them after vetting.
- they are very few women and children - we cannot afford them - take care of vets and our own homeless first. america first !!!
we keep an "i wonder" wall of those qs we don't have the time / opty to stop and answer. great friday activity.
what a great idea for a "sponge activity"
yours as well ms mattice.
happy blessed weekend may be full of love
of course i had to maso the other side .....
id so buy as a charm
we just found a text convo between and a few of our friends...
wtf did i just read? this doesn't make any sense. &gt;.&lt; this is fake!
there are already thousands of refugees here. these are people being slaughtered by isis. we should welcome them after vetting.
- make a safe zone over there - they have 4 million tents ready for them there - you know where i am talking about !! who will pay
independent life is the best life. yeah bills are hard but honestly makes you responsible. 18 &amp; got your shit together already. feels good.
working 84 hours ain't sweet but coming home to your own place knowing you did it with god's help only, best feeling ever. alhamdullillah.
liberals are freaking out seeing how well trump did on jimmy fallon. the crowd loved him, america loves him. he's the next president.
two words. voting. machines.
tbf i just like to see who they're giving out about in case i don't follow that person already.
lasted 30 seconds into it.
1. he's christian, not muslim. 2. who cares if he were muslim?! you had a problem with muhammad ali? muslim congressmen?
- obama is not a christian !!! look at his record for his love of islam -
toi: "hundreds of israeli intellectuals to world jewry: 'end occupation for israel's sake'"
so what if 470 haim kapeirs have an opinion. there are 15m jews that disagree with this group.
no fall here 92! thanks for darlene. hagwkend
happy weekend lady's may be a great
heard dawood was whining and blaming faculty at the board of trustees meeting for the enrollment crisis. is this guy seruious?
who's the joker? where's batman when you need him?
it's time for israel to stop acting like america's charity case, writes
they're the size of a postage stamp in a sea of enemies."charity case"that'd be what obama does w/iran's evil leaders
happy bless weekend
blessed weekend
when you walk into the newsroom in a t-shirt and the meteorologist has a full jacket on, you know you done wrong.
depends on meteorologist. goes sleeveless in blizzards, i swear. if i had her arms, i would too, tho.
bitchhhhhh read the whole thread!!! i died!!! better than tv
i need this shit in a 3 prt tv movie asap
how many of you savages are standing in line for the new
yall better not give me a hard time today
bro my guy you flow like fab bro with ya own spice to it. i'm bumping your new shit deserve me shit fire btw . and i'm like damn
yo good loookin bro! i appreciate that
this is the type of weather i actually like
who's dick you suckin
cnn's peter bergen thinks isis not serious threat i disagree debating him 6pm livestream
who is peter burgen? is this was his kid,maybe he wouldn't be so blas
thank you so much! have a very blessed weekend!
happy blessed weekend. my it be full of lord love
he also made his assortment of bullying threats that have become all too commonplace. this guy never wants to be held accountable.
nov 22, 2005 potemkin university 2011 concerned kean faculty
although the one in the link doesn't look as hairy. nasty
this thing is big. been there for like a week. i let him chill, figure he feasts on some mosquitos.
queues, workers and iron.io
i look forward to your lambda series. it is a subject i'm currently fascinated by, but haven't put in time to actually do stuff.
rappers used to love trump until the media fooled them into thinking he's a racist. you saw the real trump on jimmy fallon. trump is cool.
you need a big glass of milk.
trump can only nod as flint pastor stops speech via you are a slimy scumbag birther.
stop lying to your people birther. no one in flint wanted your smelly corroded racist ass in their church.
do you consider yourself one of my super fans? if you do i'd love if you follow
you know i do!!! i'm on my way there henno! :-)
hi darlene. same to you darlene need lot's of
i know iam not even awake be on the move. lol
i just made this photo my phone wallpaper. haha! you're so pretty!
haha. mine is just the iphone default hahaha
from 9:13-9:22 of this video, that looks like something that would do.
lol. shut up, bitch or i'll clothesline you &amp; make you do so many backflips you'll win an olympic gold medal.
college is honestly kindergarten and i don't hate it.
congrats. you have figured shit out. enjoy camp kindergarten while it lasts. real life is far more stressful.
thank you for the follow. have a amazing day
&amp; thank you as well, beautiful lady !!!!! &gt; you are an amazing actress !!!!!
. read his and other pa leaders' speeches, remarks when they're talking to their own people in west bank. please!
its amazing how beinart can appease palestinian barbarians.
pregnant woman attacked with hammer in terrifying robbery via how much more r we willing to take?
-attackers were niggers from the sudan who have no business being in oz.
congrats to for winning a pair of tickets to see at in nyc! check you dm for details!!
yay!!! thank you so much!!!!
lost all my lovely photos from my birthday because my phone broke. i have tears in my eyes
take a picture of the tears in your eyes and that will remind you to have all the memories of those pictures you lost. :-)
right that would be nice but nobody wanna act right
soml everyone be playin
yes it did, it touched at :04
you're petty lol unless you're a veteran, i really don't wanna hear it, your issue is she's a brainwashed lib, you don't care
london leaker guy now..
what did he say? is their a link to his rumors?
donald trump concedes president obama born in us, campaign says:
he needs to say it himself
need a good local web designer
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
wooo hooi!! rt : congrats to for winning a pair of tickets to see at (cont)
thanks to you jen!!!!
question: how many times can one woman lock herself out of her house? answer: a lot of times.
you need one of those locks that is a combination and your fingerprint....
sjw triggered by student for wearing "unsafe" hat!
this will make a victory even sweeter!
"we want to be known as leaders -- of thought and of disruption of the status quo," boss. or you could just report the news.
so much yes!
3 flights, 2 crazy passengers and 1 emergency landing later, im home. start pouring the wine!
pssha, get an iv started
i've never been first at an apple launch before. the only question now is: will they have the phone i want?
what time do they open?!
no where near that close, clinton's goin' down baby! trump! trump! trump! trump!
u &amp; trump are going to hell
whistles, vuvuzelas, and chants of 'one term mayor' outside home of nyc hra commish in windsor terrace
evan, am photo editor of timesledger in queens. asking permission to use your protest photos, with credit natch.
you were the best, like a cranky misanthropic santa who gives jokes and lessons instead of gifts
thanks, erin! really enjoyed it and you were all great!
this boob has become such a predictable "one-trick pony", i can recite everything he's about to say on .
zackly, phil!! . is reason i stopped watching .!! show needs . now!!
cnn's don lemon: "you have to give" donald trump "credit" for the campaign press release about birtherism
nope. you really don't. especially with his pseudo denials earlier. this was clearly campaign trying to end story before it picks up
for those killing betances, including this game, he's thrown 57 pitches over the last three days. this is on girardi.
seriously where was clippard? like he couldn't come in for atleast one of the 2 outs we needed tonight?
then the whole world except israel, including the u.n, are bigots, cretins &amp; fools.
best comment about the u.n
it seems good, though! very sappy and sad, yet sappy and uplifting.
i just wanted to say i've been having a terrible life and talking with you has made it better.
yeah except the word is disgust not discuss. read buy a dictionary
sadly your responses sound a bit trumpian
hot lady in red update coming for monday!
the lady in red
looks awesome! can't wait to hear more...
it is - going to write a blog about it this weekend
and there's no need to mention dawood opening day speech where he said enrollment is growing. what a tired act. good grief.
enrollment is growing every where, everywhere but kean- inflating numbers again?
trump ditches traveling press before n.h. event
social media an amazing tool w/ having face-2-face interactions &amp; broadcasting via live stream. msm 2 the left
will you be discussing 's rise in polls? his good health? his appearance? childcare?
doubtful, mike rino joe and his girlfriend are paid to trash trump
i just wanted to say i've been having a terrible life and talking with you has made it better.
you have improved a complete stranger's life, weirder. take some joy and accomplishment in that. and keep it up. you are good.
trump supporters just opened an office in the occupied west bank. oh, and it's inside an illegal settlement.
activist exposes al jazeera for being muslim terrorist apologists.
i worked for goodhew ambulance in la in the '80s. aids patients were the only calls that (cont)
thank you for the compassionate service you provided.
1990 prom picture. omg craziness lol. i was 17 and so innocent. looking through old pictures tonight
beautiful picture
if my eyebrows could look like this everyday and my freckles be this well covered up everyday, i would be so happy
don't cover your freckles
nor the best start for the kids sports day. fingers crossed for sunshine
did you get it?
will aj+ run a series on funding of isis by emir's inner circle? will aj+ run series on slavery in qatar? or r u just propaganda?
al jazeera broadcaster glorifies tel aviv massacre of innocent jews.
we need a new website. are there any web designers out here who can create a website we can upload lots of pics to &amp; also easily edit ?
we have good experience in design/development and maintenance of websites. visit our portfolio:
ladies, i just got paid. drop ya titties in my dm &amp; if they nice ima be generous with my check
this legit?
every $1.89 xl stay-hot cup is being tallied for . that's big news!
you all need a cup
will aj+ run a video showing the exploitation of foreign workers in qatar &amp; multitude of their deaths building world cup facilities?
al-jazeera op-ed praises synagogue massacre of jews in jerusalem.
our class showing our olympian how proud we are of her! super excited for friday!
this is awesome
will aj+ run a series on funding of isis by emir's inner circle? will aj+ run series on slavery in qatar? or r u just propaganda?
al jazeera's qatar deals w/negative slavery coverage by arresting journalists
clinton only knows how to lie and be crooked
trump is the liar and cheater here honey. get is straight
sold 20% of us uranium to russia and got $145 million donation.
quit wasting my time with their conspiracy theory propaganda
i9milha boogie
iphone 7 w nba 2k17 oula full o*****m
dawood threatened to get rid of entire departments if faculty didn't make phone calls. is this guy serious?
can't make this stuff up "farahi tantrum" threatens to use assessment for retaliation against faculty
feed the faith or feed the fear. the choice is yours. faith though, comes by hearing..stop listening to negative people.
straight on
preaching to the converted
we need to say it bluntly because i know goys in aus, canada, uk cannot for fear of the thought police.
philippines' top diplomat: we can't be the us' "little brown brothers" forever
you guys are dismissed. syrian kurds have volunteered for the position
trump's got it all, any and all red states belong to trump, swing states are trump's. trump wins by mandate.
mine is also red! you can sock it in your dirty mouth.
tell that to those who died! soros denounced his religion to live
you are deplorable. fu saying a child should've marched into a concentration camp
if they nice
iight. bet.
i just felt confident for 8 minutes. it was magical.
is that what we're calling it now? "good lord you're hot...err...confident. so damn confident..."
bibi: the problem isn't jews living in the west bank. it's jews living under a different law.
n why israel has checkpoints and a wall
tell that to those who died! soros denounced his religion to live
i miss the part where he denounced his religion. monster
we've been shortlisted to receive up to 12000 to create a new community space in mcr, but need your help and votes;
did you know about this claire
leakey feel like this winter is gunna be brutal.
it will i'm excited
it's time to and .
pardon snowden, chelsea and assange. how much jail for the criminals who started the wars and crashed the banks
good morning weather girl, lookin good. i love the straight hair. happy friday!
aw thanks!! happy friday!!
i feel you lol you can't say everyone tho cuz you ain't talked to that many ppl
truuuu but i meant the people that i've talked to
i don't think words could even explain how much i want to be i'm obsessed
its gotta be all the decker dick jokes right?
never give up on something that you can't go a day without thinking about. -churchill
wow those words rly touched me
i'm not sure you were paying attention in health class
......to wake up with a new pregnancy.
after 20 years, isn't the dawood blame &amp; distract act tiring? kean needs leadership. whining &amp; blaming is not that. time 2 grow up.
create your own future "and farahi did" priceless:
what kind of man ignores the wishes of a pastor while standing behind her pulpit --then insults her behind her back?
a bad man, a very very bad man!
missouri state senator sits during pledge of allegiance
she along with others are a disgrace to our country . this should be a requirement to keep their office.
bloody hell, when i was a student most days i had to decide btw lunch or a train ticket
bloody hell, indeed.
should donald trump have let jimmy fallon mess up his hair?
yes! it showwed the donald has a sense of humor notably lacking ing in the past and as with megyn,it's real!
it is sad! despicable how corporations continue to cash in harambe's legacy with stuff like this!
omg is this serious?!! i am disgusted
i'm lost as to why they could not fill my order. i really wanted a black jersey.
wow. let me guess. they did not have the item in stock!! smh
the day is young and so are you.
most inspiring breakfast convo ever. have a great
we skipped over how absurd it is for a presidential candidate to respond to a reporter's question with "l'll answer that at the right time."
had said that...
fox news poll: americans believe the world is 'going to hell in a handbasket'
hell in a handbasket,hands down!
she pulled out quick like she was bout to nut lmao
that's my morning laugh
israeli views hunger striking palestinians as time-bombs that could undermine the occupation, writes :
great article on palestinian mass murderer prisoners aj wants you to support.
thank you donna!! new music video coming soon i'll keep you posted
you're welcome, lee, yesss! can't wait!
hill's double body appearance in front of chelsea's appt-hospital cofirmed she is mentally retarded!
double bodied/mentallyretarded hill appeared in front chelsea'shospital
thank you!!!
you're welcome
achingly beautiful storytelling by the fearless on leaving palestine after nearly a decade:
i wonder if mya will be a human shield for hamas in a school or hospital?
i tried to go to bed early tonight...but then i found 90 day fiance on demand.
i can not watch that show physically but would appreciate a full recap
cnn's don lemon: "you have to give" donald trump "credit" for the campaign press release about birtherism
yup saw/heard that is such an ass.. but then again have quite a few
happy birthday!!!!
thankyou
hillary seems like the type that would masturbate while watching her grand baby get gang raped as long as it meant she'd be president.
you are showing yourself to be an extraordinarily creepy person by suggesting this.
recording some acoustic stuff today
ok thats why you are heading to london
double bodied/mentallyretarded hill appeared in front chelsea'shospital
no doubt kenyan native muslim obama was born in kenya!!!
you mean this who calls "racist" while hanging w/most racist man in america?
[maybe a correction?] calipso louie is second most racist american.. . is most racist
reports on why birther issue matters. here are facts abt trump role.
the better question is how did hillary recover from pneumonia in two days??? cover up of something else...
thanks for ur post on my article. it's much appreciated. i wanna write balanced articles about lin and the nets.
my pleasure, fc! you deserve praise. it's a great article.
intercultural communication
oh jesus lol. people from all colors and creeds coming together to be depressed af
i have to watch fifty shades darker
umm this looks scary tbh
i know it sounds wacky but my feng shui gal elaine wright is incredible and her cures always work!
i believe it. however,i'm limited to where my bed can fit. i have a fireplace taking up a corner of my room.:-\
come on! look at his stats. he could catch!
the jets sadly are star crossed..
where is europe's moral authority? via
wat a joke! a group of nations that had racist, imperial ambitions and narcissistic cultural views. u tell me! exposed?
i feel like any retort i might have would be trumped by the fact i used to copy off your math homework in college, so...
what makes that funnier is that it was a web class!
that's all me baby
garrett you don't even do your own
prominent pro-amnesty activist charged with rape: police -&gt; via
...and i'll bet the love this stumpy squat raping inca.
zionist israel has tried almost everything to evade peace. ---
al-jazeera's chief anchor admits: jerusalem is not mentioned in the koran
earlier tonight, clinton blasted trump for promoting "birtherism"
it will be proven her campaign started it and this will blow up
"we want to be known as leaders -- of thought and of disruption of the status quo," boss. or you could just report the news.
an in house editorial cartoonist would be a good first step. there's so much to ridicule here . . .
hillary heckled as she re-emerges...wearing heavy wool sweater on hot day.
how did she recover from pneumonia on two days?? cover up of other malady..
omg, wish i had thought of this.
and it's reasonably priced at $0.99? instant buy.
shhhhhhh don't listen to himmmmm my kitty cat
i like riley, i am not being critical nor malicious, it's just an observation
memo to kernen - no one cares about your hair anymore. grow up and stay on the subject of business news. .
doug. i follow and like your work but you are starting to sound like a troll now.
baby girl, happy birthday you sweet soul!
thankyou luv can't wait to see ya tonight ;)
love heart boring
you did really well with her, but i also felt i couldn't punish you consistently. that's my fault.
happy birthday!!
thankyou my dood
work has been unusually chill this morning and it scares me
how is it overall???
: donald trump's campaign says he believes obama was born in the united states
sorry state of affairs cnn!
oh dear. you're truly pathetic if you think that.
"christ's distinctly unpleasant defender"
when they tell me i have brain tumor, i'll remember back to last night, when i fell asleep with my phone on my face watching
ha, what did you think of the experience??
rappers used to love trump until the media fooled them into thinking he's a racist. you saw the real trump on jimmy fallon. trump is cool.
they weren't fooled, they just know who signs their checks.
reid calls trump scamming con man, leech who laughs as he rips people off
the politicians afraid of losing their corruption train.
fooled them? by... over dubbing him with racist speech..??
what speech of his was racist?
british ambassador to saudi arabia announces conversion to islam
sounds like there's going to be a job opening!
no doubt kenyan native muslim obama was born in kenya!!!
nomore loud laughing offucking mika's legendaries of fools panel
this is the us government, has been killing innocent people before obama and will continue after him.
so bcause we've been killing for years it's ok, but xenophobia which also exists for years, must be confronted on late night?
it is an invasion. the military should sink those boats to protect our people.
you'd only have to torpedo 1 or 2 -and they'd stop. mortality would be less than 1 year of drownings most likely.
i love singing to loud music i just hate hearing myself because i suck so bad. whyyy
lmao i do this all the time but i don't care what ppl think about how i sing cause i know i'm bad lmao
recording some acoustic stuff today
going to put new songs added on this accoustic
donald trump belittles flint pastor who shut him down:
better: "donald trump seeks to save himself by insulting pastor."
no no no if bisping can count a training win over rockhold as a win hall can do the same
diff is he beat rockhold for real, in dominant fashion
um, i'm not sure what 'lesbian like posture' is? like, is there a yoga position to correct that or?
some women are feminine, while others are not, do you think fran leibovitz is feminine
cnn the negative news network. this is a non-story by an amatuer writer. the trump train will roll on without cnn.
clinton news network
for those interested, here's my speech at the rose d'or in berlin where i picked up my lifetime achievement award
you're not done... so don't get any ideas about retirement, bub.
how does arab hate of israel feed palestinians, save syrian refugees, clean up lebanese streets??
400,000 dead syrians will never read this post.
you guys are honestly the coolest people haha i wanna hang out with all of you
awe thanks and yeah honestly like we can be friends cause i need some anyways
let's not leave out bush, reagan, hell almost every president back to woodrow wilson. lol
doesn't change the point. although they didn't sic drones on kids collecting firewood in the fields. that's who we kill
exclusive: hillary clinton campaign systematically overcharging poorest donors
this doesn't surprise me knowing the type of person she is.
if i didn't love hating the shit out of things so much i'd make myself not feel anger over things like the usage of the word "hangs"
honestly i hate this too so i understand
point to her doing it. you can't. no one can. it is a lie.
likeeverylietheypeddletheybelieve if theysay itlongenough and often enough lie will become true
wife and i are bickering. let's settle it with a poll: when you exit a hot shower, do you feel...
from the backseat i explained you both it depends on the temperature of the room
dad: u want me to pay for this?! me: ya...sorry dad: well thats okay guys i got a wallet that says shit ton of money
i love it!!!
honored to be listed on this 30 under 30 list. hope the work i do will allow more young lgbt leaders to be listed...
well deserved.
i'm in singapore for 3 days next week. what should i 100% do or 100% miss. if you know anyone who would be great to meet let me know too!
talk to or read the post she shared a few days back - that should give you the full singapore + analytics exp :)
well now, not when he was saying it lol
bisping has always been a shit talker. hall isn't even relevant anymore. he just wants attention. that's y i have an issue
2018 porsche panamera 4 e-hybrid
looks sweet. but finding a parking space is hard enough - finding one with a charger, like in the photo? hmmm. ;-)
yes, but the main repository have only 75 contributors. far from 9,617. doest it count the forks ?
the queries are in linked. contributor here is considered anyone who pushed code, opened a pr issue or commented.
goodnight munchkins. sweet dreams!!
good morning !!
digimon world: next order is coming to ps4 in early 2017! watch the trailer now:
why are you making a exclusive a ps4 exclusive? put it on both consoles!
just got these new shoes. please don't make fun of my hair
why you're hair looking like spaghetti before its boiled?
if there is a bigger creep in politics than please tell me! he will not run as gop again! pos turncoat!
so much influence trump is up 5 in ohio! your right he's a pos!
sorry for the mistake in our previous tweet! will have both jp and en voice-overs + en, fr, it, de &amp; sp subs!
why no release?
touch the screen and pause for your fav movie soundtrack
where's rocky iv???
since we're twitter friends now (respectfully, took you long enough) remember yr walton "first off the bench" joke? awesome!
yes...first up to cheer for bird...
your supposition that lesbian = un feminine is pretty dated. we've kinda moved on in our perception of femininity since 1950.
obviously you have not seem them on the street of new york city, these butches are masculine are they think that they are
you and me both
you're having a baby?
for 20 weeks, song of the decade, sold 20 million copies
lmao on what planet was that song ?
agree. the reason i call it out is that the way most people are using this is to say how many contributors the companies listed have
thanks for calling this out. :) bi has updated their article. i also linked the queries used in the post as reference.
misogynists, white nationalists and quack ideologues. welcome to the alt-right
i hate to burst you're biased bubble; but americans of all races and ethnicities also support mr. trump.
these commercials with jon snow... smh
matthew must have turned them down
are you out of your mind? you're playing into the idiocy on which he depends. wake up.
&amp;otherpoliticalnewsmedia hasbeenplayingin2the idiocy gradingtrumpona curve&amp;failing2call himout
breaks record for most-viewed trailer in 24 hours
god i hate people!
i clicked because the header image comes from my favorite movie ever... but this legal loophole is insane.
i also love this movie.
read the caption on it :p
yeah i got it after i sent it. i'm a dunce
this season of projrun is largely comprised of poc and it's already amazing. also, 3 people from mass. \o\/o/
ooooh when is it on?? i haven't watched that in so long.
. on clinton and trump: "i don't believe a word either of them have to say about their health."
based on what facts my dear melissa-don't fall prey to disease now in journalism
reasons why you should consider the ncaa... 1. team. the most irreplaceable feeling in the world...
1 fan's perspective : i love all women's but the comraderie, pos energy, supportiveness, teamness why i favor
that's not her nurse. that is doctor lisa bardack her primary physician she is an internist. black guy is her neuro
if she's so healthy why are doctors with her? at rally's, at fundraisers, memorials?
i took selfies yesterday so you're welcome or whatever
autumn you look so beautiful
this is a lie
his candidacy is a lie.
this is awesome. been thinking a lot about this. i've been thinking about making the switch from kt to texas isaiah
definitely should ! need it
the brave little toaster most of yallwont remember this this movie is good af that junkyard songwas fucked up
i was tryna tell y'all
if anyone has any complaints about wsy? as always- government fiscal year
i never have any complaints or ungratefulness !!! would kill me
happy birthday!!
thanks ash ;)) &lt;3
this is awesome. been thinking a lot about this. i've been thinking about making the switch from kt to texas isaiah
you'll always be a king. our name is our name though
honored to be included in the 70 best content marketers twitter accounts by
wow! congrats
1) lie. 2) trump still think obama isn't an american. 3) are you deplorable?
most certainly is
less than two hours to go!
the hype is so real! i'm waiting outside of at&amp;t across from my job. 8 ahead of me so i'm a little nervous
media setting up dynamic: trump retreats from birtherism, gets credit for being more responsible, undecideds decide he's more acceptable.
what a shame
i'll help them pack
me too me too
i should qualify; saying "no" when it really, really matters. unless you are irreplaceable, leader or can walk away.
&amp; : "allowing" someone to say "no" means that you have the same power to take that privilege away.
assuming you are in audience? let's find her
we will be in the vip section at 8. arriving in 5 min or so
bamco sent out a 2nd updated pr for digimon world: next order. no more ps vita version.
come on guys!?!? only on the ps4?!?! please amend this asap! i wanted this on my vita sooooooo bad!!
i knew it when i saw ur snap you poppin
girl always, ily
*level eater banned in ocg* *sounds of capg furiously stroking his ego*
inb4 the "i told you so" video
same bloggers telling you they don't post any music thats already released then all post the new justice for clicks - i see you
i love how every time justice or daft punk release something the response is always "french house is back"
wait. why are they calling him drumpf?
because that's his birth name. he changed it to trump as an adult.
happy my precious and ij family and ants i hope everyone has a wonderful friday!!!
good friday to you !! and let me add some harmony between fans !!!
san francisco, ca 12.1c | 53.8f humidity: 93% mostly cloudy
source: "two cities" by clint sharp on flickr
trump is trying to lay out policy but it keeps getting drowned out by daily, if not hourly, controversy.
i said so, so it's true,,,, but, darn it, the world's still just isn't the way i see it...must be something wrong with the world
clay is trash, bills d is trash, bills are trash
tell me how you really feel
chris potter - 9/16/16 - fake phone screens + green screen used @ elect... via
screen shot. when she is speaking.
i like the guy and his show. but it's really weird to have trump on the show, knowing what he's said.
that guy while being a terrible person might be our next leader
can't start the day without a photo of my favourite guy in the whole wide world. x
lovely !! have a great day !! i'm off to work !!
really detailed breakdown of possible green screen at clinton speech in greensboro.
screenshot from when she is speaking.
it's amusing people value sticker packs more than actual apps.
i can't believe it. esp the way people love to complain.
why are you spelling it like a 14yr old
she sounds like a 14 year old
eighteen shots. seriously. nypd. y'all got issues. he was within spitting distance. this is how you shoot bystanders
manhattan is the wild west daylight bank robberies daily shootouts in the streets
anyone know of any good resort/spa's in the dallas area? i need a weekend away.
wow !! you just got there !! i'm off to work !!
halperin, shut up. u know u &amp; no1 else has any business pushing some1 as unstable as trump 4 potus. irresponsible
incompetent that's what they all are
drivers slowed considerably, bicyclists may of kept constant speed. both may be safe, but perception is different.
a couple of them barely slowed at all. the *physics* of a bike are different, not just a matter of perception.
serious about wall, about immigration. will take suggestions on scotus. he loves us, wants best for us
he loves himself. sounds like a personality cult.
come on guys!!! where's the video of hillary's speech being graded. is this fair &amp; balanced??
we did it! was the first video of the segment!
hillary using green screen fakery at her rallies? look at the cellphone screens! all of them!!!
21:00 in hillary and podium disappear.
stomach churning. and i quite like jimmy fallon!
hillary has been responsible for the deaths of thousands of arabs in mid east. i'd be just as sick if she were on late night.
do donald trump's economic promises add up? take a look:
you lead with a 10 year old story that is pathetic &amp; you do it because you are paid for by clinton campaign
not another soul!
u always do that
i'm evil to the core.. what i shouldn't do, i will
happy launch day ma
the stunner? nominates a racist that has the support of 40%+ of americans. that's a lot of hate.
whole lot....filling basket to the brim...
i need your help!!!! it's my best friend's birthday soon and she always compares us to serena and blair! -
i am here, for you serena... in fact, kelsey and i are both here for you. and we have a special announcement coming oh so soon
this guy thinks that because journalists disdain donald trump, they are not obligated to cover him fairly.
no it's the distain people have for hillary clinton they look at the media in the same light and nothing worst than a liar
most about mexican, blacks what have you got to lose, most about muslims, which wasn't is easier..
what was racist about anything he said?
jimmy fallon thinks its funny that we have a disgusting racist misogynist insane piece of shit running 4 president. ur pathetic
he'll also have hillary on and she's responsible for killing thousands of civilians in drone attacks.
make help the culture of communities.
hillary is winning! why? she puts kids first. she has good ethics. it is also why she is made an object of scorn by some.
happy thursday!!!!!
i have an eyeglasses frame for you gianna, where should i send it to
our website needs updating asap anyone know of anyone cheers
we have good experience in website design/development. our portfolio: email: leads.com
happy birthday dude!!!
thanks jflo
actually, your name was once then changed. how is that different?
his grandfathers name in the 1800s was drumpf, thats how its different.
374 yds | 1 td | 116.5 pass rtg fitzmagic led the to their first victory.
ohhh ohhh ohhh fitzmagic, you knowww... we should be 2-0
half full or half empty?
have you seen the latest polls? empty. everything is empty, we're screwed..
you go this
thank you, hopefully
and what about me? shade.
who is this? new phone.
hanley ramirez proved us wrong this season via
100 ribbies!!!
video: race continues to tighten, new fox poll shows
still no credit. while y'all were saying the race was over i said after slow rise there'd be a tipping point in mid-october
he doesn't? now u look really stupid! you are embarrassing yourself. honestly. go read. you lie.
you don't get it he is not a racist the more the media lie's polls go up
jimmy fallon playing with donald trump's hair is precisely everything that's wrong with this country.
i was thinking like police violence, drone attacks in middle east or big banks funding candidates, but yah, i see your point
got kicked out of webster hall right before yellow claw for no reason. they even took my id. can you send it please????
wtf i didn't even see you? ?
excellent point. nbc has clearly been promoting trump all along.
too...blatantly bias disgusting.
is this you?!
lol yes. ive been tagged in this 5x no joke
honestly, ahs is legitimately scaring me and giving me anxiety and that makes me happy because i have hope for this season.
and is exactly the reason why i live in a city because the woods are a whole lot of nope.
why...??!! :(
right?! we're all still waiting for a good answer.
happy 16th birthday to my bestfriendd bihhh you sixteennnnn i love you and ima see you tm
bhanellleeee!! i love you so so much thanks bestfrien uk we lit tomorrow
we should consider the possibility trump won't admit obama was born in the us because he thinks he wasn't.
gee whatever would give you that idea? you act as if he ran an ongoing smear campaign claiming that or something.
gonna take the advice of our vigilant owl sector... remaining calm...
your profile pic is hot
absolutely love everything about this!!! it's seriously speaking 2 my soul. u just got a new follower, .
awww thank you!!!!
nigel farage calls for the uk to quit the eu immediately as we pay 34 million a day (net)
yes,he needs to go!
happy cover friday
outstanding find andy
by the time it's released it will be a dead meme
harambe will never die
2 hours ago he came at me with "lemme know when i can buy one of those jerseys!!!". sike...not after he saw that shit nope
did he ask if you were rich yet?
"i'm proud of the work we've done to help show more than 740,000 dreamers that the country they grew up in - the country they love" -
you showed nothing accept partiality favoritism to who you wanted to
my advice to film studies students today was "use twitter"
this is always mine too
"we have to get a lot better. brandon marshall told me he was going to kick my butt tonight and he did."
rex youre still a jet, we love you. forget the truck noises &amp; otis day and the knights songs
source says flags a "hoax".no us troops in town. "ypg messing with soldiers minds".
that's obvious. had there been us spec forces there they wouldn't have flown the us flag. everyone knows that.
happy sweet 16 to my , my other half, my bff love you so much, so lucky to have u as my bestie (tbt last pic)
last one is so rough thanks bestie ilysm
steam: oversight committee chair lays down gauntlet on fox; fed sources: comey very nervous
former chief of justice fraud section of criminal fraud division in wsj letter this am says comey illegally botched it
you are full of shit.
you're so articulate for an 11 year old
former gop presidential candidate john kasich to help obama push tpp through congress
ego, ego, ego....still trying to be relevant. but he'll be remembered for not showing up at rnc...i.e. for nothing.
"and in each of these areas, hispanic americans made some of the largest gains - the fastest income growth." -
there barely surviving
clinton returns to campaign trail after sick days, tells voters she feels 'good'
i'm glad she better
i was talking about trump
yes, i know, and i was pointing out how terrible a human hillary is. how many have died in wars/military actions she supported?
former gop presidential candidate john kasich to help obama push tpp through congress
why with his supposed credentials did he go nowhere....b/c he can't get along with people &amp; so can't inspire people.
it's fact, but most employers like employees to follow guidelines of job assignments. innovation not rewarded appropriately.
maybe employees are too focused on those rewards and don't fight enough for innovation? i've heard "it's not my job" too often
hi liz, please follow&amp;dm your rental record #, email, phone #, and a description of your glasses. we can help.^ls
thank you! done.
all liberals along with their socialist soul mates
ok member..whatever makes youfeel goodaboutyourmiserablesoul. climb backinthebasket
do donald trump's economic promises add up? take a look:
judging out of hand, i know, but doesn't seem to me these ppl have the understanding to analyze plan
i just automatically woke up for work and started getting ready but i forgot i'm off today
happy friday and enjoy the day off
media setting up dynamic: trump retreats from birtherism, gets credit for being more responsible, undecideds decide he's more acceptable.
if people aren't allowed to change, then your egregious miscues at nyt disqualify you from commentary.
coming up next hour: house minority leader . tune in
and the reason for this is?
come on now. this should have been a big with fireworks that had an eye on lol
even before then. and real talk i don't care.
why shouldn't american children come first &amp; be the dreamers in america, not foreigners
very good point. its time we paid attention to our native born dreamers. thats trump's main point, america first. please rt
like twitter but with nuance
uber, but for nuance. nuance in the share economy. using others' spare nuance.
using cherry-picked photos to create spurious claims denigrating others makes u look pretty insecure "jimmy fallon"
only way they can feel good about themselves..quite sad roam among us
.: trump bringing up obama's birthplace "was not something that he did as a service to the country"
wrong: hillary clinton brought it up...trump went w/it. i bet aft he leaves office we will find out a lot more abt obama
this guy thinks that because journalists disdain donald trump, they are not obligated to cover him fairly.
more than that. thinks americans should not be allowed decide trump should be potus.
robert de niro compares donald trump to 'taxi driver' character: "god help us"
if that's the case. we're in trouble.. hillary is collapsing... who will be the president in november?
i grew up in michigan. all of the dems i know are changing parties &amp; voting trump!!!!!! they want to
michigan used 2 b a hub of economic activity. hillary's husband created nafta n that started the downtrend nationally
.: trump bringing up obama's birthplace "was not something that he did as a service to the country"
...i don't mean where he was born, but how islam influenced his thinking &amp; loyalties.
trumps economic spiel is not a plan, its a bunch of unattainable goals that would blowup deficit &amp; debt 4 the rch
you don't know what your talking about
seems like a good folo question would be, "mr. trump, why did obama have to prove his citizenship to you?"
good answer: because potus works for people, they are his boss, and can make any demands they deem fit.
too much sauce
that shit open still
you have elephant footies?? where did you get them???
walmart last year
clue: she's tagged in this tweet and it's not me or sam.
oh. and it rhymes with shmiona shmyth.
'they are still clapping': nigel farage's last speech as leader - politics live | politics | the guardian
good!! with .'s retirement he should be .'s uncorrupt secretary of state!!
you cant be outraged at continued birtherism and at hrc pointing out deplorables
what happens if you are? jail? are you judge, jury and jailer?
"can you read me back that foot note on.... personal boundaries" "......there were cobwebs..." oh i've missed you
sex, blood and rock &amp; roll attitude.
happy birthday to the biggest clown i've ever met
thanks jack its gunna be a good ride from here on out
this is why the scotus argument for trump doesn't hold water. if reagan couldn't be trusted.....
you're completely missing it.reagan&amp;judges have nothing to do w/it.traitor accepts &amp; funds obama's refugee program as law
not trying to start a political debate bit i'm still writing in bernie because the corruption and lies involved with both parties disgust me
a worthwhile vote for neither for be a vote for a third party, more votes more chance of getting on the debate stage next time..
worst.....customer did their own survey using a phone low/med/high indicator bars to determine best place for ap.
and how did that work out?
comicon highlight wrexham'15 &amp; llandudno'16
fanfav 9/17/16 at nwcc sothport comiconuk(photo )
"i intend to close my campaign the way i began my career: fighting for kids and families..it will be the passion of my presidency." -hillary
notably, telling the truth to your fellow americans is not listed as among your goals.
hiya cat buddy! how's the old man doing? are you keeping cool? it's been hot lately.
having fall weather. however continue to shed. she wants to know what that is about.
how about his love of going to church and speaking of his lord and savior jesus christ?
- sorry, i am not convinced he is a christian.i believe and respect his opinion more than most, like
a worthwhile vote for neither for be a vote for a third party, more votes more chance of getting on the debate stage next time..
but a write in for bernie is no more effective than a write in for harambe, bernie would tell you that too (love him 5ever tho.)
what a contrast between trump's message and sick hillary's message. trump positive, hillary negative.
there is nothing positive in hillary 's message all doom and gloom
i'm at a rest area in the middle of nowhere and just saw seunghyun's ig please leave him the fuck alone
i hope he does call the police on y'all's ugly asses. he's being nice about it too
red sox fans gloating about barely beating a yankees team of rookies that traded away all its best players should probably be more worried.
actually i'm gloating about being in first place and ending the yankees season with a punch in the face loss.
on the set of getting ready to go live in 10. tune in and let me know your thoughts.
more free press for the most deplorable family ever in politics.
srsly, is there any evidence to support these kind of tropes?
there is significant research evidence to back this up in the field of large scale change. i'll present some tomorrow
yeah that shit deep in brooklyn
yea i been there. sont know it was 24hrs
donald trump still refuses to say was born in america. and this man wants to be our president? when will he stop this ugliness?
when will you stop lying?
beautiful as always
thanks baby tgif
i've decided to make her my muse. all of my artwork in my bedroom will be her!!! just stunning!
she's sickening!! i mean her skin is so rich, body so fluid, and she radiates.
the media are finally acknowledging trump was not making fun of a disabled reporter. they owe him an apology.
ur twitter profile says mom and not worst mom on planet. may wanna switch that.
lol will be pleased :p
who is this sob &gt;&gt; &lt;&lt; just blocked me. never even talked him once. so many insecure people
why doesn't trump's wife ever appearance with him? only his daughter. odd.
dumps wife is an illegal alien. she's hiding in the shadows like so many others of her kind.
this is why the scotus argument for trump doesn't hold water. if reagan couldn't be trusted.....
judges are supposed to follow law they're lawless when they don't.problem =our lawmakers/congress refuse to amend it &amp; fund it
first in line at the west 14th street apple store for my 8am reservation for my iphone 6s.
first in line (again) at apple west 14th street for my 8am reservation for my iphone 7.
did u guys here about these clowns in the woods??
sprinkles has your back grim
good morning, friday! @ mohegan sun
morning hope to see you soon!!!
dionne warwick - walk on by (1964) via
age 7 ... decade later was a ... decade later was wall street ... 3 decades later i am a
how long is your "regular" schedule is going to last
it's usually 3 hours on tuesday and thursday. i'm not sure about today's stream
a color map of school zones for new york city
here is a color map of nyc elementary school zones.
walked to jackson square along the orange line after boston police shut the power down while searching for someone.
hey kyle! can use this video on all nbc platforms with courtesy to you? thanks!
mum with huge leg tumour for 25 years denied help after claims she's 'bewitched'
can't someone help this poor woman, people should not live like this
how can you explain trump's refusal to acknowledge the legitimacy of the current president other than a desire to please racist supporters?
he actually believes it too
the shiny object slipped past the media,warts and all. racism/bigotry/hate,all given a pass.the country's well was poisoned for a generation
we must turn out in large and vote!!!!!
why don't friends cuddle with friends
i cuddle i love cuddles what
by releasing this "no longer a birther" statement attempts to close issue before sept 26 debate
won't be closed till the words come out of his own mouth
and tounge!
double the fun
happy cover friday
positively lovely, raw, and genuine cover of the song i posted yesterday:
okay, i just watched all three clips they put on youtube with trump and i don't see what the problem is??
people are just...i don't even know anymore...
instead of driving jobs and wealth away, america will become the world's great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation!
but trump will never make his ties in the usa
good luck w/your hopeful assist on the hillary "refresh" button narrative. where are bank speech transcripts?she needs to reset trust.
do you realize that needly picky nibbling at trump,silence on clinton's unwillingness 2 share speech transcripts = virtual/moral tie?
not easy for trump to flip on birtherism:1. supporters believe it 2. never admits error 3. have to admit he didnt believe what he was saying
your continued statements supporting hillary and undermining gop will eject you to wilderness after election. bon voyage.
daily kos is a dumb site. no one is going to get good #'s until they include 3rd party!
new cbs poll included all four candidates and clinton/trump were tied
good morning trump train. let's finish off a great week strong.
- i am onboard since day one. i still want to help you rebuild the marine industry please.
yesterday's box score should read: t. layne: save, 1 but no... let's mix and match pitchers for no reason, right girardi?
i'm sick of girardi's mix and match crap. but why bother venting? he's going nowhere
shit, the trump birther stuff made me miss the end of the red sox yankees game!
then you missed an exciting end of game. gotta get your priorities straight, sam.
thanks -- i go in next friday.
best of luck, sir
draymond on conan
draymond green cool threads big man dig it.
not easy for trump to flip on birtherism:1. supporters believe it 2. never admits error 3. have to admit he didnt believe what he was saying
seems very easy for you to switch parties, no more difficult for trump to clarify position on obama. sauce for the goose!
police looking for someone on the tracks!!
can use this photo on all nbc platforms with courtesy to you? thanks!
love the matte black on new iphone 7! it looks awesome in person.
those antenna lines almost invisible.
hillary clinton throws her aides under the bus for their 'pneumonia response' ( reports)
look at her expression - miserable &amp; angry. there's nothing decent, nice, or friendly about hrc.
this is why the scotus argument for trump doesn't hold water. if reagan couldn't be trusted.....
these are dire times and we're no-longer living in a constitutional republic-lawful judges don't have authority to make law
congress' inaction is hindering veterans health care reform, va secretary says
. secva is spot on; congress needs to do its job &amp; pass needed legislation to transform va.
i don't believe it! somebody is this true?
i'm sure they'll all get back to you lol
with thursday night, you could see that b9 coming a mile way. movie has played before. no trust in layne still.
girardi cost them the game.
comicon highlight wrexham'15 &amp; llandudno'16
fanfav 9/17/16 nwcc southport comiconuk (photo: )
is a trump hating twit contributing to my reluctance to watch the show. bolling &amp; kimberly are great !
agreed!! even the lib substitutes are better than some regulars!! i enjoyed .'s monologue as well!
125 followed, 41 unfollowed me (monitored by
why does this happen? it happens to me, too.
working on a blog post about this! stay tuned
cant wait! pls tag me
who is this sob &gt;&gt; &lt;&lt; just blocked me. never even talked him once. so many insecure people
just figured out this scum &gt;&gt; &lt;&lt; is a pkk fanboy hence blocked me. just fyi.
could not be simpler than this, folks...
wouldn't it be better to say most cops are heroes, most blacks are model citizens and whites made obama the potus?
didn't nbc learn anything after allowing trump to host snl? did anyone actually think jimmy fallon would be hard on him? i mean, honestly.
its a comedy show, why would he be hard on him?
cnn poll of polls: clinton leads trump by 2 points, which means it's a tie. all trend lines moving toward trump.
if women, educated white men and people of color overwhelming against trump who are the polls polling?
along with squandering opportunities.
for sure. but joe overmanaged big time in b9. probably cost the game
when i cast my vote 4 hillary i will leave the polling station knowing i made the best decision 4 commander-in-chief
absolutely!
it's going to be funny seeing donald trump supporters say, "but did you watch the jimmy fallon show?!"
why is that funny?
no one ruins a classic like chuck. (we you )
ahhhh ,i luv bonnie prince shortbread
the most underappreciated coffee in america is served at .
in nyc. new england unabashedly loves it's dunkin.
pretty sure a 13 year olds reaction time is just fine. why wouldn't it be?
i don't know any 13 year olds with guns. police practice at firing ranges. are there firing ranges for bb guns? i don't know
taxpayers are fleeing new york in droves
this is what decades of and control has done for , .
sweet insult bro. are you like the real trump, where all your insults are just projecting your own weaknesses onto others?
not an insult just an observation.
i was into the jets game last night. that was a big game for them, david.
need to tighten up def backfield. too many big plays
i was into the jets game last night. that was a big game for them, david.
bills will be lucky to win 6 games
fucking millennials
just started a new class at columbia this week. my sentiments exactly.
are you serious??? you train them young so they grow up respecting guns and knowing how to properly handle them
as i said, kids where i live don't carry guns. i honestly do not know about 13 year olds and bb guns.
if you want to see the normalization of racism, it's the host of the tonight show interviewing a racist demagogue without bringing it up.
they absolutely refuse to confront the bigoted narcissistic unbalance imbecile on the disgusting shit he spewsdaily
check out manal tamimi's twitter feed last few days. praised tel aviv murders.
great article and post about this.
9/11 comm report says mohamedou slahi "recruited 9/11 hijackers in germany." now he's cleared for transfer from gtmo
trump would not do this-stephen
the fact that i can't sleep, just goes to show me that i should be in the studio right now making some heat..
n u nowb this man lol g morning 2 u xoxoxxx
any tricks for turning folder of photos into compelling themed video that a audience might actually want to watch?
isn't that how you used in making that video
truth. just got this txt yesterday evening.
fact my shit was trippin the other day. every time i hit a elevator or go underground on a train and come back, no service.
... what our human minds conceive, we can either achieve or deceive!
"play build the capacity to be free." what makes it hard for groan ups to play?
.: "we need a president who wants everyone to have quality affordable healthcare."
oh is that not obamacare?
who doesn't do squats
good morning,better then coffee,i'm up.. let's go
anwar out in nyc today
confirming i saw him yesterday. we made eye contact lol
had a nice meeting with my publisher yesterday &amp; i floated the idea of doing a low key southern road trip indie bookstore tour next spring.
like coming to see &amp; probs some i am missing.
the damn salon hours of operation 9am-6pm tues - sat. private appts and later hours are available. call/text 404.832.0801
what's the best way to go from perm back to natural smfh mad i even dealt with this chemical bullshit
... what our human minds conceive, we can either achieve or deceive!
i say groaning ups can't play cause they are too serioooous. have to ligthen up.
except he tweeted an image of it
whoa, whoa, whoa, emily. are you saying that trump may have lied? that's a fairly serious accusation.
stop being mean and distant when you're not sure of where you stand capricorn. learn to talk it out and stop being a control freak.
oh man oh man. dass me.
the enthusiasm my pk/ students have when they work through their cognitive dissonance experiencing magical bananas.
do you set it up for pk or do they do that even?
the greatest beer ever now in korea
. where did you find it? home plus?
i love when trump says he has been able to screw top models. yes he says screw. and you may elect him president.
read the script for knocked-up. what colloquialisms are used? very entertaining yet out of context...
he doesn't have to say obama was born in the u.s..'s people knitpicking so much. talk about ur candidates policies
who are you to tell me what i should talk about?
tbt to when i was just another jonathan
this mad gay smh
and you are so evil as a son of cain s hould be.
7 am is too early to be hitting the bottle. do us all a favor and drink a pot of coffee. slurred tweets are not becoming.
who should get today???? let me know!!! click here to stream us live!!!
donald trump for his stupid born n usa president remarks smfh how did he even get nominated deep shit
nice! did you sing any streisand?
but of course!!
happy birthday love miss u lots!!!
hehe throwback to beginning of sr year &amp; us at the end of it
actual footage of the new broadway production of the cherry orchard.
so i shouldn't go see it then?
no she didn't but like any good politician perhaps she didn't burn a lot of capital vigorously rejecting the claim
she rejected it several times
i bought a lumee case i can't wait till that shit come in
dude they're amazing
"big question is how he'll perform in the debate ... will he be able to demonstrate discipline" on trump
trump will perform as trump. his ppl will love him. hrc needs to inspire us.
brandon marshall felt season was 'over' after injury: 'thought i'd be fishing in my backyard'
thats gotta be a nice backyard. glsd fishing will have to wait
tea. cereal too. ann? what's 4 breakfast? ~ m
nothing at the moment. just coffee.
pepe? never heard of the guy.
i don't know who he is! i just like to tweet photos with that cute little green cartoon / sheriffs badges in tmem
if true, why won't your "god king" release his transcripts ? could it be he went to college on a immigrant visa ?
nuff said!!
hillary clinton: "i'll never be the showman" donald trump is
she even is secretive with her vice presidential candidate. hillary's incapable of being transparent-yr candidate
one more year wiser, right? hope you had a great b-day.
i did, thanks!
nomore loud laughing offucking mika's legendaries of fools panel
where r d laughings/hill's landslide victory celebration fucking mika?
nypd's history is rich w/those who've led a force that made nyc safe &amp; now a leader that will continue the tradition
thank you for your public service &amp; leadership!
2. jaimee shes lit, ratchet &amp; hilarious her iconic quotes &gt;&gt;&gt; she stays true to herself |
word 1st i ain't like them but shit they hella real n got jokes lmao
all-star's game sliders look more identical to the default sliders.
it was definitely all star in 2k16
hi ! i really like your gchelper pod. is there any chance of updating it to be swift 3 ready? thank you so much!
i will try to do that as soon as i can!
happy birthday to for being one of the voice actors that got me into naruto and sonic. hope u have many happy years to come.
thanks so much, sunny!
thank you for a great evening - laconia, new hampshire -- will be back soon!
you should demand that hillary explain why she is stealing from her donors.
that was amazing
ha. uhhhh i mean get a refund.
"you can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens." -donald trump about that.
if you respect your fellow citizens, why are you stealing from them?
testing model layer of swift apps using mockingjay
nice post! never heard of mockingjay but now will have to check it out.
if doj $14bln fine sticks then standby by for eu bank bailouts. point?
should eu tax payers just send the us govt their taxes directly?
chinese studio exec lays out everything hollywood does wrong via
not buying/optioning my script(s) prob on the list.
the dark side has more fun
i love this!!!
president obama's successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. period.
president obama's successor cannot and will not be a woman who steals from her own supporters.
if you are a website designer, call 0708 932 3525
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
the dark side has more fun
all is as the force wills it.
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
thanks jessu for the rt. love it.
"when i'm under the weather, i can afford to take a few days off. millions of americans can't." hillary in nc today:
you can but you did not. you hid your illness, refused water and let it debilitate you. not judgement required of potus!!!!!
happy birthday liz have the best day miss you!!
aw thank you bby love you
the polls are closer than ever, and the stakes couldn't be higher. chip in today.
don't give her your credit card number. she will steal your funds.
i am looking for a website designer and also a graphic designer.
we have good experience in website/graphic design. our portfolio: email: leads.com
still smiling! ty to the 300 who sweated w me + to for invite!
was such a pleasure to have u there!!
the latest sun dog central! thanks to
*ty* scott 4 including me &amp; wishing all fabulous day:-)
the zionist cooperation with the nazis is well established. haavara agreement and judenrat.
facts for ahmad
hillary clinton made her triumphant return to the campaign trail today, and by "triumphant", i mean nobody almost died
...did you wait for any coroners' reports?!? jisaxin!
in ten years i hope the digital design world realizes there is way more 2 the facilitation of interfaces than grid systems and grafxdesging
preach, what are the alternatives? chakra levels?
reading comprehension
read into it what you want. not sure what you mean whatever i am a professor think i know how to comprehend
donald trump jr., at his mom's wedding, toasted her by saying she had "great boobs"
. the trump herd continues to say the most outlandish and sophomoric language. america wake up!
wow so not excited for my psych class tomorrow :)
have fun!!! i'm way too sick to go
i always wanted to live in a house instead of a small flat but my parents can't afford that :/
no no no this isn't what u was talking about like i know that there are people e.g. in nyc who pay thousands of $ for a little
fall shopping spree like we said
hell yes, i'll go anywhere u guys want to go
anti-migrant party election success would see a 'resurgence of nazis', says german mayor
all courtesy of merkel
ran w the new apple watch2 and today. lots of smart runner-centric improvements. see 's first look review (w video) tmrw
can it make me faster!?
people with serious low self esteem wait in street for hours just to say "i bought this first"
especially when it's so easy to preorder online!
reading comprehension
all i know is she will do a better job than trump. those are our choices
i always wanted to live in a house instead of a small flat but my parents can't afford that :/
flat/room or even more $ when they could have more room to live for even less money just somewhere else in the world
i value avios at more than a cent each, so i would pay.
agree with ben
is there any overarching theme in your hate mail? (pro-trump/pro-hillary/pro-stein, etc)?
a lot of trump supporters will just fall into gen liberal media whines, no so-called bernie bros i saw
i always wanted to live in a house instead of a small flat but my parents can't afford that :/
like this was in no way shade or whatsoever it was just saying i would prefer to live in a village and have my space than to
it was just 5 min talk.. but maybe it will inspire more open talk on that issue? let's do it
i should get your artsy dev video out
at least jimmy stopped trending phew
he's still trending in new york
i did.. every time i let my heart think we could cinderella the division... something like this happens :/
dellin seems tired af, he's never looked this bad ever. might be time just say good try y'all and pack it in
i always wanted to live in a house instead of a small flat but my parents can't afford that :/
live in one of the biggest cities in this world because that's waaaaay more expensive
it's actually a war on the people that use drugs
yeah, werd, that's true. tho, they demonize very specific chemicals.
video: can trump erase past, move beyond birtherism?
well, depends what you mean. you will keep talking about it b/c you don't have anything interesting to say but it won't matter.
i always wanted to live in a house instead of a small flat but my parents can't afford that :/
i'm sorry if my tweets were kinda rude
wooow this looks amazing
thank you sina
hillary will be sporting this new helmet to protect her melon at the debate
do we know whether . procured one for .?!? jisaxin!
4am. clear skies, calm wind... 44 at westhampton
awaiting inevitable ~2o degree spike over first two hours of mixing...
i ain't been drinking for like a year dun, but thank you
damnnn lol i'm way off it's still lit doe!
you got me walking through the party with my nose up
and i put nothing before ya, see them bitches talking i'm like so what.
can kings park slow down sayville qb jack coan?
is the sky blue?
big concern with isn't just defense, but offense had 50 snaps (98 for season). d needs to get off field but o needs to stay on it.
exactly. offense hung the d out to dry early. then d killed itself by not getting off the field on 3rd down
when the dnc says they support "diversity", what they really mean is they support .
i'd say their endgame=to have too few repub votes to hold the republican party 'inpower' =dem immigrantoverrun
we just found out the gender of little squid..
!! it's in today's vlog! i need to catch up omg
10 predictions: how social platforms will monetize live video
this is an awesome post! ty:-))
i wonder how many "well actually if you were a real phd student..." response i'll get to that cause this is twitter
well if you were a real twitter user....
my only complaint about removing the headphone jack is not having more than airpods that support the w1 chip at launch.
it is more odd than that - they aren't even on sale until late october. couldn't have been the original plan.
when the media fails to grasp what he is doing, it gives him an advantage.
and when the media doesn't understand what it is doing, we could all get into big trouble.
mmm... who, me?
nah, i recorded a dev interview with alloy on burnout for the artsy blog - should throw some time at shipping it today
stream is a possibility today. still dealing with some personal things that might keep me away for a few days. i love and miss you guys.
miss you sooooooooooo much can't wait to watch you and enjoy them crazy eyes
are you going?? ben's chili bowl!
mmhhhmmm next month
they doing the most with this ios10 bunch of unnecessary shit on my phone now
shit feels like an android with those big ass pop up notifications bubbles
"nothing in the world is more exciting than a moment of sudden discovery or invention ..."
searching for the aha! moment or the joke that resolves cog+emo dissonance.
bc she's trash :/ i mean her looks are sickening but her personality is shit
she's literally such an asshole lmao a blatant dick, clearly season 4 was her true colors bc here they are again
so jealous of all the puggies going to . all my mommy does is go to that "work" place. someday...
awwwwww bless your heart xxx
checked all the footage from torching stage. i wish i was there bro.
bro you gon be there for many more, it only goes up from here...
just in: donald trump likely to address birther issue today
he's playing with you silly lot like a schoolmistress with a bunch of pregraders!
just about. freezing but at least it's dry
wow that's a fab picture!
hmm... no adjustments for stopped by train
ouch..i feel the responsibility as far as the runners go shld rest with the philly race organizers though
i know, right? we've gone numb to his continued madness..
like living in our own dystopian novel where snappy sound bites win out
happy anniversary, suzy and hubby.
thanks rich!!!
given up on asking for m3 reservation numbers, eh?
wouldn't go that far. just took a deep breath.
where would i be without you? i only think about youuuuuu
flattered, ty.
anyone know of someone who can develop an app for me????
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app. pf email to leads.com
so much for voter education.
what? i don't understand why you don't like the guy.. you may not like his policies. but the dude is still kewl. come on
. &amp; i will be on with the lovely and talented anchors &amp; . has trump renounced birtherism?
just seen beppie lying yet again. that's the truth.
jimmy fallon inviting trump on is part of the normalizing of hate. should be ashamed of himself. lost all respect from me.
shut up you idiot
anyone know how to develop an app?? lol
we build apps remotely! our portfolio let's talk :) email to leads.com (212) 209 1537
someone just told me how to see what's trending. evidently i'm 12.
maybe you don't know it all. ?
you're the off-the-record with me, unless i tell you you're on. (i might afterwards ask if you'd be quoted.)
how lovely to see some journalistic ethics, so quaint these days.
dear democrats: stop freaking out - the washington post
agreed...take your brother, sister, mother, father, kids, aunt and your crazy uncle. get out the vote! make sure they vote!
hey bernard, do you happen to know whats the font for the bayern so4 hearts derby? thanks &lt;3
i can't remember off the top of my head, but i'll try to look when get to the office.
goodmorning :d
morning
video: is today the day trump puts birther talk down?
fact check does not back up your smear. hrc was never a birther.
after your corn onslaught i now love corn and want to grow and eat corn.
that's really corny
you mean like at all in the world? or just on twitter?
you know you have a phenomenon when people are thanking you for showing them commercials. what the what.
just in: donald trump likely to address birther issue today
whatever he'd say you'd attack it. if "it was a stupid thing to say &amp;i really regret it"...you'd say he's just being a politician!
trump exposed them all as girlie men.
yess he did.. trump slaughtered the entire old wing of gop. trust the dems are next. they try to fight it but it's inevitable
business or pleasure? that's where i'm frommmm(ish)
all my trips are for both
back in england and raring to go for tonight... this friday night football can stick around... come on chelsea
where did you watch chelsea in nyc mate? gonna try and go there today
on wifi or cell? which network? any issues in other apps?
cell, t-mobile (us). is connecting okay on wifi. haven't noticed problems with other apps so far.
donald trump jr.: statement on obama born in us came from father - news
and then he made a joke about gas chambers
what's also wud b useful is to embedding the ppcleanersketch into a case narrative
sure, how about the case of selling something?
hillary: "my cough last week turned out to be pneumonia" the cough has been going on a lot longer than a week
how did she recover in two days?? it lasts a week
still feel like crap but hey at least it's pay day good morning everyone
random...but did i see u at millers last night or am i buggin lol
2l of wine for $15 with
w/comfy mr. rogers shoes.
. fans sleep on sidewalk waiting for new and outside palo alto store. doors open at 8
about 15-25 ppl at union square right now; apple reps out alerting ppl of no 7+ stock.
don't expect things and you'll never be disappointed.
i forgot my headphones :(((((((((
the zoo crew is deep into it's daily hillary beatdown. is way better.
i want back all the time i wasted watching it. i can't stomach it anymore.
guys jimmy fallon has always been a hack.
why u hatin?
karen weaver flint mayor refuses djt visit! he's there to help to listen she denied him! hillary's not going there!
another fool on the dem playbill. she should be accepting help from whatever source she can get it. playing politics.
really interesting idea - medical education based on need, not ability to pay, for the world
looking 4wd to meet at 2 discuss
let's review where this 'war on the police' started: obama &amp; the 1st ag to be held in contempt
well said, , well said!! .~america's premier racist!!
these angry jimmy fallon tweets are the best way to start my friday people being offended over nothing is my favorite thing ever.
it's a beautiful morning
cops have become judge, jury &amp; executioner. wht happened to due process?
wht happened to due process? reagan happened.
this little girl gets it.
the way trump is holding that girl's wrist opposed to her hand makes this all extra creepy.
you know what's bogus? that i've had a combo of migraines &amp; leg numbness for a month, and the doctor can only squeeze me in next week.
after requesting an appointment two weeks ago.
what is the first thing you notice about a person (non-physically)?
i would say personality, behavior, etc.
should donald trump should address birther issue? adviser : "that's up to him"
little minds talk about little inconsequential things.
our diversity writing program is for folks who don't have access to the industry! pre req: a recommendation from someone in the industry
i came across that 3 times this week while trying to submit places.
pre-nyc breakfast with my gang
morning! are you in nyc too?
. &amp; i will be on with the lovely and talented anchors &amp; . has trump renounced birtherism?
- no he has not. regardless of apin, his campaign renounced, not trump
the whole endgame for civilization in 4 minutes...
always a threat by some group. next alt right!
oh that's dope
niggas like 10 years late tho lol
another stupid libturd comment. has trump banned chinese?
just flat out dumb! are people living in the same country as us?
ya i've one crying in my mentions right now... sad state of affairs really...
it really is...thanks to mainstream media
hillary clinton: "i'll never be the showman" donald trump is
nor the leader.
god comes first
family first
queen lili'uokalani was the last monarch and the only queen regnant of hawaii but is unknown today
my beloved queen.
rob woods is the worst in the league
they don't use him right, they always think deep but woods grinds those small yrd plays. but they always wanna go deep w goodwin
&amp; &amp; has forgotten who created the deficit.
and bush did it using exact same plan as the current gop nominee. same thing that caused economic disaster we just got out of.
you don't like any of my tweets and i hear you're moving
hmu when you're not pegging and we'll have cocktail hour
"i didn't say anything about the holocaust. i was talking about media bias."
someone should use the phrase "you sir are a god damn liar". that person would win a peace prize.
there were almost 40 parties represented in reichstag during weimar republic. you're being a tad dramatic there, mr. godwin.
1/ the 32' prez elections- the last to be free &amp; fair- had 4 party's: independent, nazi, social d, &amp; communists
iphone 7 demand via lines isn't the same bruh (no plus models really hurt them)
how many people are online??
strugglin 2 stay calm listening 2 show on medical cards 4 prisoners 'these ppl don't have the brains to apply 4 a medical card'
he's a useful idiot who is running out of uses.
no more rice looking mf
did u know 80% of chinese or japanese phones been water proof smh but iphone been holding back lmfao they got us programmed
. closes his final speech as ukip leader: "from now on, i'm really going to speak my mind"
so many cunts in one room
there were almost 40 parties represented in reichstag during weimar republic. you're being a tad dramatic there, mr. godwin.
2/ here's the results
you play pachelbel's canon to fall asleep; i put on room 237. lurid cinema conspiracy theorists are my peeeoooopppllleeee
maybe the worst thing i've ever tweeted
tonight: , , a performance by kiiara, and your funniest tweets.
coming next on tonight: kim jong-un and vladimir putin!
the &amp; new arrive in stores today. are you waiting in line for one?
no, i have waited since the original iphone. first time, i preordered and waiting at home.
to my magnificient husband on his last day-you lived a life of significance.your legacy is profound.i love u.
who knows, with a little luck? the next bb or rk is already in the works
yes. yes, they do.
so true, hard to believe people don't understand this
nice try by catherine no-one to to get herself known as something other than the senator who wanted to ban ice-cream vans.
and ufc. and chippers.
i will be coming to denver in february. would love to connect. thanks!!!
i can email connect you two, if you like! kimberley, allison's book wheel is in my top 5 book blogs of all time!
there is no such thing as non-contagious bacterial pneumonia. i had it, forced to wear a mask in the hospital for 10 days.
any doctor will tell you that bacterial pneumonia is contagious.
i'd play golf with obama and i believe he's a good father. but a disaster as president.
we can agree to disagree on his capabilities, i agree on there are some fumbles. but overall not the worst.
if a trump tv network does happen after the election, i have a feeling the first producer to get a development deal will be lorne michaels.
i believe you are correct.
i want to die.
whats new u baby
say it louder for the people in back, please!
shame the media doesnt understand this!
the walk in line is way up there! there are currently five people in line to pick up.
ah, nice, a sensible and different approach than the other stores
the whole endgame for civilization in 4 minutes...
yet life goes on in a fabulous way! silly gooses!
good morning darren! tgif! feeling better. meds help. hope you have a fantastic friday
good morning jon. so glad to hear it buddy! thanks my friend!! happy friday :-)
oh my god please i've been wanting it for weeks but can't bake to save my life
definitely! it's just about that time of year so once i get some fresh apples, i'll be getting to it
this trump has got me anxious. trump knows how 2 use the media &amp; play it for his rise. scary society is so entrenched n media.
true, that's why we all need to
there were almost 40 parties represented in reichstag during weimar republic. you're being a tad dramatic there, mr. godwin.
3/ rather obvious left/moderates couldn't align which gave hitler his biggest margin to date.
how and nabbed early-adopter status with imessage apps
thanks for mentioning coachmoji by !! i am really excited about giving brand fans a new way to interact with coach
one felt he needed to publicize his testosterone count, one didn't need to.
i can say that mine gets as low as 400 in the early morning
tyvm , only &amp; his wingnuts believe that totally debunked lie
. media needs to challenge trump on all his lies and transgressions.
hillary clinton: "i'll never be the showman" donald trump is
cite 1 major policy that clinton after 10 yrs in senate &amp; 4 as sec of state fought for, got enacted &amp; was a success. you can't.
what in the fuck is bergevin doing to my ??????
always gd 2 curse on soc media sacha. wld loss of nb be catastrophic? barberio or redmond could step in easily.
john barron &amp; john miller have!!
but what about meradth mclever speach writer
i understand the desire to want the newest phone but ask yourself how often new models suck at first...wait till second release!
i was about to get it.. but changed my mind for that exact reason !
no way! heading there now!
woo! have an awesome time. we're here at until monday
the misinformation that flows through the hood as facts contributes to the fantasy world that many of us live in
the rap world and entertainment is one of the main culprits for contributing to this fantasy world and keeping the black community off
with whom...exactly?
with you you are stunning! ok and the male cast
video: is today the day trump puts birther talk down?
cite 1 major policy that clinton after 10 yrs in senate &amp; 4 as sec of state fought for, got enacted &amp; was a success. you can't.
no reason for me to be going to work this early smh.
fucking iphone
it's literally almost 3 am, and i need to be up at 6
update: i didn't tho!!!!!
there were almost 40 parties represented in reichstag during weimar republic. you're being a tad dramatic there, mr. godwin.
4/ after this election, hindenburg made hitler chancellor, germany democracy died, and then millions of others.
"nothing in the world is more exciting than a moment of sudden discovery or invention ..."
how can the threat of networks be reduced? wiki.
excellent! see here: same procedure as every year, james
wonderful! i have reserved my bike, am still considering the 25+ mile trip - how much + would that be? .
the rap world and entertainment is one of the main culprits for contributing to this fantasy world and keeping the black community off
and all these dumb publications and rap aggregator companies just want likes and follows and activity on the site
currently looking for a professional for a network of german schools (2-6 sites incl. intranet, app).
we have close to 20 years of experience in building websites, web applications&amp;mobile applications!
how hot can i get ? pats spread, both m lines &amp; spreads on mnf 2 gms, jets ml &amp; spread ! seriously, get my picks !
man, you weren't kidding when you said you don't sleep much. up this early already?!
: haha! what a win. never been happier to look like a complete ass.
fell asleep before game ended. twitter was all over the place when i woke up
i think the people who wait in line enjoy the social aspect of it. i enjoy sleeping more :)
. i'm waiting here at home with my cat duke, i don't know if the cat would like waiting in line
and all these dumb publications and rap aggregator companies just want likes and follows and activity on the site
take for example rowdy and bobby pleas what was reported is not how those pleas was attained but everyone has a narrative
happy fri mike, do you think the rain on sunday will interfere with the giants game and my tailgate?
i'm sure the game will go on! but it probably will turn a little wet for the tailgate.
i'm looking for a cover artist. i have some pixel art i want un-pixelised and beautified, but nobody seems to be taking commissions atm?
i am not sure if this is up 's alley, but he is quite excellent...
revis island is now bikini atoll.
this is my greatest work
mt : 51% of us muslims want sharia law, truly moderate muslims wldn't want them to come here
who the hell is this girl named sharia?!? she seems to be everywhere!! jisaxin!
"when i'm under the weather, i can afford to take a few days off. millions of americans can't." hillary in nc today:
. - hope you would be able to 'afford' it w/ $600,000.00 payments for a couple of speeches @ goldman.
there were almost 40 parties represented in reichstag during weimar republic. you're being a tad dramatic there, mr. godwin.
5/ it is terribly naive to believe our 240 years of democratic government is never threatened by demagoguery.
where are you james? any nfl games planned?
i'm in new york... don't think there is any nfl but i know there is some baseball
take for example rowdy and bobby pleas what was reported is not how those pleas was attained but everyone has a narrative
regardless how it was attained though those young men made a very wise choice with the assistance of their attorneys
i think the people who wait in line enjoy the social aspect of it. i enjoy sleeping more :)
i can tell you that started sending out trucks for delivery at about 0330 pdt in san francisco
several of my peers have been contacted by same company recently. but we're supposed to believe it has nothing to do with our being latinx?
could it be that they are looking for who are great at their jobs?
video: is today the day trump puts birther talk down?
...you can't. why u &amp; rest of media talk abt things like the birther issue &amp; why world's only super power is in state it's in
i love it. in ny, after 8 yrs in seattle. can't take the heat or humidity, love the snow.
see i hate snow. dealt with it enough in my life. that's why i live in san diego
that awkward eye contact you make with someone across your train cart
every day
there were almost 40 parties represented in reichstag during weimar republic. you're being a tad dramatic there, mr. godwin.
6/ happened in germany, ancient rome, and ancient greece
i love you guys, seriously. all i ask for is just credit.
it's hard to keep credit online lll
regardless how it was attained though those young men made a very wise choice with the assistance of their attorneys
however now the hood is on social media commenting based on a false narrative
robert palmer - simply irresistible i like the one with the red lipstick and high cheekbones
i liked that one video where there are all the pretty women playing guitars in black dresses.
or maybe i actually have original thoughts and don't need to make fun of people to be funny.
that too and that's part of being who u are
. - hope you would be able to 'afford' it w/ $600,000.00 payments for a couple of speeches @ goldman.
and they're boring as her speeches usually are. undesirable.
credit the shooters. this pic is not yours it's where's the shoutout at?
guys can you please give him credit on his photograph
how much does hillary clinton weigh?
my guess~ a hell'uva lot more "tonnage" than .'s legs can support!! proven on 09/11/2016!!
however now the hood is on social media commenting based on a false narrative
how can we expect to make better decisions and be informed operating off a false narrative
i still think hillary should've chosen booker as vp.
that would've been
don't be such a terrorist
you folks picked up the trump con game. this isn't realty tv!
jimmy fallon's brand is "everything is awesome!" which is great until "everything" turns out to include the rise of xenophobic fascism
or his alcohol is hidden?
"show up with some degree of vulnerability-the spirit can keep working. self-sufficiency makes god experience impossible."
amen to that.
concern over colin powell's hacked emails becomes a fear of being next by
i need my email story....i need my email story....i need my email story....i need my email story....
just the fact that she insists on running shows that she is unfit to run.
the real problem is that she is unfit to be potus.
how can we expect to make better decisions and be informed operating off a false narrative
we live in a fantasy world that permeates every part of our socialization
these joints are so
so flee, remind me of these laser af 1 but way cleaner
i also heard the +'s are gone, but best of luck, would love to hear how well the camera works if you do pick one up
may the odds ever be in your favor
. fans sleep on sidewalk waiting for new and outside palo alto store. doors open at 8
sleeping on the sidewalk for an iphone in san francisco doesn't seem that safe
unlike you and yours, i do not drink, smoke,, cigarettes, crack or marijuana, my mind is crystalline clear.
my sympathies.i was simply giving you an excuse. i had no idea you were naturally a vile, foul mouth drone who attacks strangers
i want a tech conference where everyone on stage is over 50.
can i get invited? i have the solution for twitter to spark new users and monetize in a new way not sports but shopping.
i also heard the +'s are gone, but best of luck, would love to hear how well the camera works if you do pick one up
got a black 128gb one reserved for 8am but stay tuned \_()_/
good morning long island looking forward to rockin the night away with yall and my talented friend phil vassar.
good morn charlie we will be there tonight can't wait! hope to shake ur hand &amp; say hi
birtherism was the "original sin" of trump's political career.
the more your bias coverage elevate trump the more democrats will be energized to get out the vote.
just leaving. in car gave peter a quick feel! he's already hard and i'm already damp! xx
i will have to see how i can make you more randy and pussy dripping wet
thanks. any links you can provide now?
here are a few. there are many more:
we live in a fantasy world that permeates every part of our socialization
here's a perfect example ....
i still think hillary should've chosen booker as vp.
you and me both. and thousands of others as well, i'm sure.
with repostapp paseando con ...
lve am lve a tu mama....i see you managing..two budding careers...xo happy friday
and still no official recall from samsung.
no, there's an official recall now. nobody should be using them. i recommend galaxy s7 edge
why are airport timmies so slow? i know this one in particular is a one-person operation, but oy.
it seems it would be easy to fix - have a few floater employees who assist at various terminals when volume is high.
this is wonderful
i love this!
when you accidentally clicked "open in new window" instead of "open in new tab"
hatte tabs.
also on gma: trump jr. says cosmo attacked ivanka trump. read trump's old quotes. ivanka suggested she was making them up.
asking questions = attacked
jeff bezos wants to put 'millions of people in space'
my suggestion~ start with ., then ., then "clownprince barack hussein, the first's entire regime!!
the investigation into trump's misuse of "charities" is getting less attention than it deserves:
i need my email story....i need my email story....i need my email story....i need....
i think others with cmd grabs can do same then
anyone that's invulnerable frame one can do something similar.
save us, seth meyers. you're our only hope.
fallon is almost making me nostalgic for leno, which i prev thought impossible.
here's a perfect example ....
in our hood some of us including artist personalities purposefully dumb themselves down bc they assume that's the only way people get it
anyone wanting to preserve white identity today are seen as neo nazis by libs brainwashed by zionists
kate, your choice of photos triggered a memory... i have no memory of being sweedish! nor family 'american' stories!votetrump
almost out of nowhere, pushed up esports right ahead of mma, more events, more viewers, more "athletes"
likely only temporary, worlds is about to start
hello katie, that's so cute! did you catch her name? we'd like to send her your feedback! /nw
i'm sorry i didn't. she was on the 6:20 yow - lga flight though if that helps.
in our hood some of us including artist personalities purposefully dumb themselves down bc they assume that's the only way people get it
it contributes to the fantasy world we live in
bombshell evidence! 's intelligence briefing was deliberately sabotaged by supporter .
yet hillary is the one that jeopardized our national security and they didn't request that of her
jenny from signing postcards for early bird pre-orders of 'heads up'! pre-order:
(postcards are now sold out but other special exclusive items are still available with pre-orders from our store:
these be the ones laughing at other people for not having cool enough electronics on the internet.
same reason why i would never in my life make lines for a pair of jordan's lol
in 66 days it'll make an entire year since the last time i saw a penis in person, it'll be one of my greatest &amp; easiest accomplishments tbh
u might fuck that up here
i'm "don't say a word till the evh's solo finishes" type of person
never would've guessed that about you!
. aa's have sided w/dems for over 50yrs &amp; got nothing but hope &amp; no change, entire communities destroyed
we have to look at the origin of the party.
"gallup poll : american trust in the news media falls to lowest level in history" 766ghj
thats an accurate collection. i could add one or two more.
it contributes to the fantasy world we live in
what's the benefit of pretending to be dumb and what's the downside to being intelligent?
feeling very lucky. had many guardian angels.
hope. u better and home now
horses never forget either, apparently. the carriage-horse ban crowd awaiting de blasio's arrival outside wfp gala.
it was actually a very funny scene. gave me the finger and i just bust out laughing.
mnnn so nice gotta ask the guys in moscow if they are planning to do something with buttons on our iidx cab too.
mine are just standard, with the red leds as well
wishing the best day for you today.
thank you love :)
great stugg from ed shaw: why i as a same-sex attracted protestant have much to learn from catholics
at first i thought *you* misspelled "stuff." the shock. but then i found this from urban dictionary.
mayor of london suggested "should build bridges rather than walls."
you make me laugh muslims in u s that except our culture are treated like americans
fraudulently triple-charging senior citizens bogus campaign donations
she wants to charge children $500 for a selfie of her and the child. what a sport!
thanks to your cards, much appreciated my friend!
i hate you so much right now...this was me rage lifting this morning
you are a serious sycophant. great work? &lt;10% of clinton fdn funds go to help people...90% to corruption
keep pushing thoroughly disproven alt-right bs. . repeating big lies does not make them true.
indeed but many likely to be ignorant of what churches are about other than weddings &amp; funerals.
conservative politics uses this "christianess" as a "moral" base for its hateful behavior. the essence is lost
correction: you mean 'white' woman
rich white woman.
. is up next!
jimmy falling into goose step. sad
i had the most vivid dreams last night, they gave me a burst of energy for what will be a long day and longer weekend.
yes! good to see you taking your own advice!
why do coaches invite all 11 defenders in box when they plan to run the ball. why not spread it out. could pass, could run.
worst play of the game
likewise jeanne
great day all
i don't talk about 3 things: religion, politics, and sex. who i pray to, who i vote for, and who i fuck is none of your business.
saves time if you pick the same one for all three.
up and at it again with the 2 young thundercats jayquan and greg cali.
are you working out along side them??
can plz come to az. i need to drink cappuccinos, eat naan, talk about fashion week, &amp; be awkward in public with you.
wait i'll be back for a few days soon and then going to la!
what's the benefit of pretending to be dumb and what's the downside to being intelligent?
hip hop could be very powerful in the right way and it once was but now it's just a vessel for fantasy that retards reality
buh-bye, paleo diet. archeologists found a paleolithic stone mortar and pestle used to grind wild oats: i.e., flour!
interesting and amusing
i'm happy that everyone gets to share the same full moon.
i actually thought i saw "the man in the moon"!
nice. our bmx homies are supposed to be on soon. same story?
not the same story. this was just a random lirr commuter. that story will be produced later today. prob. doesn't air till 5pm.
how come you only admonish the trump audience and never the brutality of the protestors?
believe me, if that were remotely true your pals at would broadcast it 24/7.
remember: trump, the birther-in-chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records.
i say forget about trump admitting birther bs at this point. his racism is set in stone. we want his tax retrns 4 last 10yrs
oh wow you're a terrible person
coming from you .. that's a compliment.... i'm one of the 'deplorables' thank you very much...
"we put up 31 points, it just wasn't enough tonight. have to do whatever it takes to get back on track."
y u put us through this...? how many more years? u gon make it 20 soon... ya buggn smh. get ya shit together.
hey! oops, we had a little hiccup backstage, but the album's now available again here: /rc
rc i mean the actual song itself isn't playing at all. any reason?
. play 's ft !
remember when &amp;i sang to you at wendy's? pls add this song 4 us
in the constitution that the speaker must follow with "craaaawling iiiin mmmyyy skkiiiiinnn"
pres: "we will eliminate obamaca.." luke: "save maaaaaaaaay"
i do apologize for the wrong information. i would suggest to submit the ticket and put case # as electra. (1/2)
just sent it in. thanks
your dog is too cute!
thank you! i like to think so :)
two years after trump says he "was finally able to bring this ugly incident to its conclusion" --&gt;
totally agree with this penetrating analysis of trump's trade &amp; tax proposals. you really have great insight.
the cab we got is 10+ years old and some leds died. buttons work, but still...
my cab is an original one as well. it's just been more so maintained.
yes. i've tried to contact you a couple of times without success
well thank god for social media, you find just about anyone these days lol
never miss important information arriving to school after classes have begun can cause students to miss more important information
because you're totally an expert on getting to school on time
unfortunately corrupt ppl run the process. we don't need another life long lying politician like crooked hillary
yeah but i also don't want a childish, douchebag asshole running my country either. i need someone to lead not play
, i wishh. i went to bed at 10 last night but woke up from a depressing dream at 7 so, insomnia is back.
damn!my best friends been staying with me for a week &amp; we've been sleeping at 4 everyday &amp; i go to class basically in a coffin
awesome!! where where?!?!
stay tuned! we'll announce on ae's socials today, yay!
hip hop could be very powerful in the right way and it once was but now it's just a vessel for fantasy that retards reality
i actually meant to say distorts reality and retards personal development
your work is epic, i love it and i tell everyone about it. thanks, keep it coming.
thanks so much, kitty!
7) jalin marshall is playing above his age and draft position. smooth, smart football player (fumble aside).
yeah, and the fumble was a bit of a misfortune too. didn't really have a chance to get it tucked away fully before contact
i just finished the get down and it was amazing! i learned about a history that i didn't even know existed. new favorite!
hey -- thanks, bro!
ummm i just checked and idk wtf y'all are talking about, u can't search "butt" or anything inappropriate
that pony for real though has some serious "fuck me" eyes
happy birthday to usfer in exile and my instagram crush .....
thanks simon!!!!!
does apply even in campaign season?
turning other cheek is losing strategy when dealing with d left in america today. these are not your grandparents' liberals.
i like that
good day all
trump: we're gonna deport everyone fallon: (cracking up) trump: anyone against me will pay fallon: (bursts out laughing) ya got me!
this tweet is proof you need to watch first hand. i heard none of that. not a trump fan but don't lie to conform to your agenda
weep not for me
for i shall survive alone
hi joshua, our very own founder, andy has tweeted - adobe draw on an ipad. recorded using quicktime on a mac ^bec
wow very cool
nothing at the moment. just coffee.
got coffee? you know it. susan's said the presidential elections isn't that right? ~ m
this is looking fantastic i have everything crossed for your beloved cats and dogs gf?
dogs &amp; giants gf
one last cash grab: bill clinton to host foundation fundraiser
that's disgusting. in the midst of all this controversy, they really show what their priorities are and its their own pockets.
bahahaha. but i bet you guys are having a good time though! so it is worth it. haha.
it's been a great time but now it's time for bed and hard work! when he was here it was like no responsibilities
we're extremely excited to announce that beam is coming to xbox one and windows 10 this winter!!
hell fuckin yea!!!
just benched watkins. i ride with my....
smart move robert
donald trump jr.: 'doesn't know' if father will explicitly say obama born in us:
who cares drop it!
obama nationalizing public school curriculum to advance his leftist agenda
as useless funds everything:obama nationalizing public school curriculum to advance his leftist agenda
woke up to a cubs 2016 nl division title...it's going to be a hate/rage lift this morning isn't it?
but in all seriousness, cubs played some fantastic baseball this year &amp; thoroughly dominated my cardinals. good on them.
web browsing scrubbed from linknyc amid reports of homeless men masturbating at kiosks via
it seems like "parental" controls or a firewall is the obvious and simple fix.
6 us states have already seen snow! are you ready??
no thank you!
understood, just use her political record, it is atrocious with being on the "wrongside" of every major issue
she and sanders voted the same 95% of the time in senate.
what real philanthropists do. they don't use other people's money to buy giant portraits of themselves.
"really rich" people talk about it all the time? why does that sound so weird? oh only trump does it?
i actually meant to say distorts reality and retards personal development
when that occurs your intellectual and morale capacity is thwarted negatively there is no individual and community accountability
i doubt it has been ever maintained in the arcade :d the crt died a few weeks ago and we're still looking for a replacement.
here's what happens to mine.
, yeah i totally feel that. every time i get together with old friends or best friends, it's like "fuck everything!" hahah
that was my motto for the entire week. also i'm so excited for oct 21
i'm looking for a for short-term project. can be !
please give us a call : 212.209.1537 to discuss further about your requirements!
"new york has to do something with taxes." - totally agree, high taxes are killing ny.
politicians who are corrupt are!!!!!!
fate's not working so well for me this week, maybe i have to wait for another lifetime:-(
you never know... life is weird like that
quarterly behaviour is so ingrained in emc culture, people and process it won't disappear like roese says
it is, but i see a desire to change...
no thank you!
yes please!!
studies like this get trotted out by conservatives every year yet ny's economy continues to thrive
first quote: they've been leaving for decades... maybe ny has gotten rid of these folks, rather than lost...
can you please explain the many instances of whites pointing guns at cops and not being shot as said in the above article?
lets see. the bundys?
i would think certain opportunities come your way every so often but you do need to.act on them when they do arise.
yeah i think i agree... this might be the big difference between fate and destiny
retweeted novelicious (): it's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. ~henry david...
[smiles] do not trust what you see. there are many ways to confirm the truth, be careful and cautious.
in nc hillary and her tiny mob ranted socialist crap for 29 minutes. all-usa rallied by the thousands!
and the clintonites says that rally attendance doesn't matter. huh? aren't those pople voters?
props from -- so so so cool seeing these up close.
there's a nkotb button? incorrect time period!
happy birthday gabby
thank you !!!!
i love these financial advisors who talk about having a retirement plan or getting your
expenses under control, but ignore obama-inations like obamacare that have wreaked havoc on
oh boy, what did jimmy fallon do or not do?
trump was on the show and people are freaking out about it because jimmy was nice and not an asshole towards him.
would you be okay with your wife/gf talking about how big your dong is in public?
i feel like wouldn't want this happening
in playbook - exclusive: responds to trump, calls him a "con artist":
reid you are a complete joke; come clean on your true involvement with your son against cattle farmers
donald trump jr. said the media would be "warming up the gas chamber" if republicans lied the way democrats do
the trump family is a troupe of anti-semitic two-toilet trash.
praise father, son and holy ghost amen! god bless, brother! i miss old time hymns
"an express.of praise to god sung as part of a christian worship service aka(doxology).sang it as the offering was brought up
when that occurs your intellectual and morale capacity is thwarted negatively there is no individual and community accountability
the fantasy creates a very immature shallow space that many become suspended in until it's too late
! are you ready for the weekend? we're off to a great start with sunshine, showers move in late sunday.
thank you, have a wonderful day and weekend!!
it would've been! and your avi is dope.
thanks brother! you have the avi of all avi. i was trying to match you aha. whoever shot that photo though
just curious, what's an unreasonable price?
$1.99 and above. especially since people want to sell stickers in "packs". and especially for only stickers.
you passed out outside the stadium?
sure i wouldn't have been the only one.
lovely morning my sweet alinahugs
how adorable, have a great day!!
they're here. (@ whole foods market in new york, ny)
the new iphone 7-now in .
djt is a liar and a phony he's only tough because on most occasions there is a buffer when confronted face 2 face he is a coward of a man
these are not the qualities of the potus but that of someone of many insecurities
postop pain prescriptions don't need to be an evidence-free zone-compare these with what's routinely given.
problem with 80% cutoff is that 1/5 patients would need more, have to come back to clinic (or ed) to get.
1.) heading to penn state to support my temple owls this weekend my w/ my father, a psu grad. excited-- but we've been doing some thinking..
after some real soul searching, he &amp; i agreed that there is no way that, during the pregame ceremony, we could stand &amp; honor..
$1.99 and above. especially since people want to sell stickers in "packs". and especially for only stickers.
regular apps with stickers are fine to price at $1.99 or above.
i think you should reevaluate your definitions of "fake" and "drama"
considering we don't talk on a daily basis i don't see how it was wrong for me to remove u on snap..but ok
is this supposed to be funny?! i am tired of this piece of excrement that the media still props up as a legitimate.
"i can say it in front of you" to his white audience says it all.
the default contact icon in messages on ios 10 is blurry in the messages navbar but not in the list view. ugh.
at least it's a bug, unlike the fact that it's a male silhouette.
schrdinger's cat.
yes, he had the decency to not put someone's dog in the theoretical box.
hey berniebots who love obama, but are voting for stein or johnson: do you not want obama's policies to continue?
nah,they're much more concerned w/some asinine version of purity vs reality. smoking 2 much weed? can't see reality thru smoke?
safe but being held inside while lapd obtain an armed gunman in the parking lot!
holy shit!!! i know this was hours ago but are you ok?!
happy friday everyone!!! i hope your day is fantastic and you all have a beautiful weekend.
same to you, enjoy the day and the weekend!!
mt : for hillary, charity begins and ends at home.
their charitable donation went to the clinton foundation which they all live off. thats a joke.
the fantasy creates a very immature shallow space that many become suspended in until it's too late
the desire for fantasy becomes so great that reality and facts become kryptonite to many of us
what kind of example will have over our children and future children? bullying is good 4 you?
if hrc is elected your children will have far deeper problems ahead of them than bullying!!
redstone, atlas and titan ii were all used for early human flights- swords to ploughshares
oh not surprised. i just know mostly about titan 2.
watch, last day of the election will promise to do a strip tease on camera &amp; media will watch for hours while he doesnt
pretty much sums up his whole campaign
he is not making a statement.
the press is charlie brown. trump is lucy. the truth is the football.
we are in need of (2) wordpress developers. please post your portfolios or upwork profile link below.
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
i'm flying today too! good luck, you're gonna be great.
what airport you gonna be at?
expenses under control, but ignore obama-inations like obamacare that have wreaked havoc on
the middle class. how about a plan to address the mess politicians have made of social
hey do you know any developers looking for some work! we've got some great stuff coming out, and need great help to do it!
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
support the sound off by picking up a shirt from our store:
awesome shirt.
rep. on donald trump bringing up obama's birthplace: "the damage is done"
fascinating. i think you should have hillary campaign spokesperson &amp; ask them why hillary raised it in the 1st place.
trump wanting to enforce laws doesn't make him a "monster." all or you liberals are anti-america, and preach more hatred then trump ever did
build that wall!!! xenophobia ain't never hurt nobody!!!
one of my boys went his whole life without being a football fan until 2 years ago when we asked him to join our ffl since he was the only
one not in it... this year he decided to dive into the xs and os rather than the media talk and fantasy
the desire for fantasy becomes so great that reality and facts become kryptonite to many of us
if your seeking liberation through fantasy you live in a wild space where absolutely nothing really matters
after some real soul searching, he &amp; i agreed that there is no way that, during the pregame ceremony, we could stand &amp; honor..
3) a man who turned a blind eye to a rapist asst coach. no reasonable person would stand &amp; honor someone like that, right?
if your seeking liberation through fantasy you live in a wild space where absolutely nothing really matters
you might as well be a addict
and the problem with that is...?
its not blind if your kids tell you everything.
trump's appearance on dr. oz was the theater of transparency masquerading as actual transparency, writes
don't you have a hillary email story about nothing to publish day after day after day after day after day..? well?
u rock! thanks for all the hard work
you as well. i just want people to enjoy what they see. as long as people are i done something fun and well. :) thank you.
last summer hurrah (in napa, ca) on
sounds wonderful
internal freak out memo:
thats so wrong of them to do this to the people and especially bernie..i hope they feel the bern from this
lol yup and others. he might be the worst though bc of pedophelia on top of it
yeah he was an absolute predator
already w this bs?
word wtf am i writing, henny bottle on you?
one not in it... this year he decided to dive into the xs and os rather than the media talk and fantasy
last night he texted me correctly identifying a 4-3 under front pre snap and a cover 3 post snap.
forget everything else. does the actions of suggest he's a real american, born in the us? no!
hell, even if bo was "suspect", i'll take the last 8 years of growth whatever.
i attach no one. including you. you started it, i continued it, and you can carry on if you so desire. i do not care.
if you really don't drink and actually believe i posted you first, you need professional help. here's an idea: stop following me
oh no. there's a total ass on my flight. he's babbling. this should be fun.
chip chipperson on the scene?
.: donald trump likely to address birther issue today, the issue "that launched his political career"
ah. new fact birther issue launched trump's political career.
3) a man who turned a blind eye to a rapist asst coach. no reasonable person would stand &amp; honor someone like that, right?
4.)neither my father nor i will "stand" for that, ever.time to put sports aside, &amp; speak out- something the honoree didn't do.
if i preordered the early tip off nba 2k17 from amazon... is it going to be on my doorstep tomorrow ?
yessir. preorder delivery
breakit reporting facebook could buy spotify still for me, that ship has long sailed, way more likely to be google:
larry hates music though. hates.
the uk dvd release is missing a couple of minutes from that episode.
censorship? or just an error? what's missing?
read about our ties with and ahead of the film's premiere with at
good that so many people are committed to raise awareness for this terrible disease. respect
i need one for other services. i always get confused. like do i tip my dog groomer? what if it's the owner?
seems like the needs to write a follow up! too many rules...
full donald trump libtriggering jimmy fallon highlights! he's great &amp; way to cute to hate!!americas new topgun djt
he looks so natural sitting there along with very funny!
zimbabwe to print own version of us dollar bill
just start using caps
massive 21 minute speech by crooked hillary yesterday. outstanding! if went 30 minutes or less- msm would have a field day.
it wasn't a rally + following inspiring no easy feat --- trump would've fallen flat! :d
sting revealed as afl grand final headline performer: rock legend sting will take the stage...
will he play his latest great jazz or dumb it down?
matt forte is living up to workhorse billing. 32 more touches last night. on pace for 472.
jets will have to get powell more involved if forte is to last the year.
trump supporters defending jimmy fallon appearance saying we need "fun" but if obama does this they poop their pants and cry.
this comment doesn't even make any fucking sense
.: donald trump likely to address birther issue today, the issue "that launched his political career"
why don't you ask hillary's spokesperson why she raised birther issue in the 1st place or doesn't that fit w/yr agenda
submission to islam: tv ad encourages german women to wear muslim hijabs for "tolerance".
fashionable!
after requesting an appointment two weeks ago.
but emergency rooms are over utilized. and it didn't feel like an "emergency," just a thing of interest because it keeps happening.
*looks @ dr york teachings and many other teachings*
the israelites the moors in court arguing jurisdiction the list goes on ...
the middle class. how about a plan to address the mess politicians have made of social
security, medicare and national debt that affect everyone?
all your questions answered: "my crazy year w trump" katy tur talks covering donald trump's candidacy
every question answered except....why did hillary raise the birther issue in the first place!
he's one of, if not the smartest guy i know. immediately texted me "yo is bowles on some seattle shit right now"
as a football nerd i'm very happy with his progress haha
paul ryan says trump should release his taxes
paul ryan should join the proper party which aligns with his ideologies and that sure as hell is not gop
science is damned difficult today because it implications are so much more important to people than its results.
you can't make just social use of any of this science until you jettison the binary language. and that's hard to do.
"i'm sorry" is never a complete sentence, is it? it's either "i'm sorry, and ..." or "i'm sorry, but...." or ugh, "i'm sorry, okay?????????"
to me, "i'm sorry, and..." is the only right way to sorry. i don't even like "i'm sorry full stop." because there's a reason you're sorry.
"nothing in the world is more exciting than a moment of sudden discovery or invention ..."
this is where it comes together in i see a positive direction in an uber trend.
trump's followers know trump is mixing a joke with virulent racism -- and the media acts as if this is anything other than idiocy.
trump is a disease worse than anyone knows and he must be wiped from the brow of a mesmerized nation.
i know everyone tries to be fair ..but stepping away gives new perspective
what are your plans? i felt you were always fair and balanced.....fox news is very informative and persistent but sometimes one sided
fallon: "can i mess your hair up?" trump: "the answer is yes"
he freakin dyes his hair! presidential? ha ha ha
looking for a web developer/designer for the next (6-12) months in orlando, fl
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
i actually talked to someone there and they said my copay would be higher but deductible would be the same, based on
income. it was great before i was married. now i'm f'd.
future generations will look back on this era with such disgust
one hopes but is not that confident.
tomorrow ends my six day working spree. friday i am off and by god i am going to suck some dick ! he knows who he is
you ain't got no filter no more lol
i see the brown shirts are out with their pitch forks today. screw every one of you pathetic sjw. we laugh at your weakness
they're padding social media w/ctr to cover msm outlets-as i was told wld happen-padding her polls w/a "surge".
income. it was great before i was married. now i'm f'd.
i might call again though and speak with someone else.
that's the job. tests.
for moderator...
you might as well be a addict
we want to stay high off fantasy and rap and entertainment world is el chapo
oh give it a rest you ignorant, racist, trump sheepie. you shamelessly follow a proven liar because you are a hateful racist
, u hate trump cuz you think he says mean things. then you go &amp; do the same to . delete your life, hypocrite.
an ifttt recipe does what i want: stories screenshots only in a dropbox folder.
nice! fwiw google photos syncs everything, but makes it super easy to see just screenshots. plus it's a neat app to boot.
kinda hard to guess bc apparently kept horace pinker's tv traveling power hence we see him everywhere
trying to think of a clue that might not too easily signal this mystery classic character...
one of my boys went his whole life without being a football fan until 2 years ago when we asked him to join our ffl since he was the only
fitz sucks right ? hahahahhahaha. you suck
the only time you see black pussy is on porn the screen. you're such a loser. black women will always look down on you.
fuck off bitch! i say what the fuck i had to say and fyi bitch i've had black pussy in the past so fuck off and suck a dick.
to me, "i'm sorry, and..." is the only right way to sorry. i don't even like "i'm sorry full stop." because there's a reason you're sorry.
you're sorry because you hurt someone, right? not because you want them to quit yelling at you.
aussie friends - daughter needs to know: is kangaroo meat tasty?
so tasty. not an aussie though.
bruh! the store where i manage at
oh nahhh. you mentioned lyft. that's where i'm fed up lol
real got7 is on netflix what
oh no. oh *yes.*
video: a double standard in flint church flap?
of course there's a double standard. press vilifying trump but never hillary. anyone seriously doubt that besides hillary
remember: trump, the birther-in-chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records.
if your campaign needs to hang its hat on this you're in trouble babe!
rich progressives' last chance to blow $250,000 on a guy who will soon lose the ability to get them federal favors:
this is really a joke!. looking for the last few bucks to feather their nest.
what the heck happened here last night?
cue law &amp; order jingle
science is damned difficult today because it implications are so much more important to people than its results.
fail "most girls avoid science because they find it dull, not because mum and dad..."
please snk. just give me a changelist. please. ;_;
better yet, release aaalll the frame data and properties.
shall tweet photos gratuitously!
and if you feel the itch to capture some amazing footage that would be great for , you're welcome to send it my way!
lol! prince of country who gave hillary $50 million begs americans not to vote for trump via
take a hell hike creep and stay out of our election
nice! should be fun.
i'm not sure what you're going to talk about though, not much happening ;-)
the email client i use on my phone has suddenly decided it now costs 50 a year. recommendations? first person to say outlook gets a smack.
k-9 mail. open source. great client for android, by all i hear.
going to bed after that win like
i'm doing the opposite after the yankee game.
ooooooh boy... i'm....no. i can't watch. it'll be too painful. i want to continue sort of liking jimmy fallon.
why would you stop liking jimmy fallon?
it's official. got her groove back today. 10pm
stay strong hillary.
oouff should i pull out the crewneck
its type nippy
you're sorry because you hurt someone, right? not because you want them to quit yelling at you.
this is not me subtweeting, btw. this is just the natural progression of my bipolar mind. i was in a fight, so i'm thinking about aftermath.
fullness // elevation
beautiful worship song. my spirit man really come out+when i sing it i feel like i'm in heaven with the choir of god ty
video: a double standard in flint church flap?
got to hand it to her, though. great right wing conspiracy, double standard, people out to get her...she gets away that stuff
most celeb's like other countries cause of that reason! thats why celebs love traveling out of state.
yeah i know but i have to go offline sorry i have to go to work
for those who loudly proclaim to be doing crossover stuff, this is what a "crossover" truly is. looks fab !
now i know that film will be extraordinary! tom hanks and together. both r actors w/amazing talent and scope
to have even a chance, it'd have to be something like this. is it douzable?
with the final game vs nyj having huge implications. this all seems highly unlikely.
ex-us diplomat warns hillary will start nuclear war with russia &amp; china -
trump's wants every1 to have nukes; promises to "bomb the hell out of them" ?
oh, sweet. there's a tiny blue check mark next to my name. cool.
did you ask or did they do it for you?
historians may record this as the moment donald trump won the election.
voting most likable got us bush. we vote for wrong reason, e.g., you don't have to like your surgeon. it's the competence, stupid!
video: a double standard in flint church flap?
what explains the beliefs of a person like hrc are her mental models of the world that build up over many years.
this is not me subtweeting, btw. this is just the natural progression of my bipolar mind. i was in a fight, so i'm thinking about aftermath.
we all move through life doing harm. we can't prevent it, not even if we step lightly and gently sweep the ground before our feet.
paul ryan says trump should release his taxes
we deplorable's dont care about his taxes; we have grown accustomed to very rich paying very little taxes thanks to the loop holes
observe the emotional instability of the left's jimmy fallon pitchfork mob. this adult is acting like this at 7am:
, is a failure to humanity. she should just delete her life.
we also need mechanisms to reduce the effects of both money and social opprobrium on people's work.
i agree with that statement 250%
i'm not familiar with this. any links?
no links, was wondering if you had any! couldn't find security documentation not their website though references to ssl and ssh
i smell a pay off.
smell? it's known and there's a paper trail. they appoint ppl,intertwine contracts,donations,etc.,until they have the appointees
l-60: still trying to send that guy with me to iss
our late dear friend ron mcnair was able to in 84... let thomas take his sax!!!!!
we all move through life doing harm. we can't prevent it, not even if we step lightly and gently sweep the ground before our feet.
so it's important to learn how to say sorry, and even more important to learn how to be sorry. how to soothe instead of silence.
two chp officers hurt in suspected dui crash in . watch tv for details. four others hurt too.
oh wow what street was that on?
1 not n korea.2 kim jong un has killed his own uncle because he was powerful then killed his aunt for mourning soo
why in the flying fuuuck would anyone of native blood pledge allegiance to a flag of white men who stole their land
eric decker fantasy owners last night be like
left him on the bench but i have cooks green and snead
i smell a pay off.
...over a barrel. there's so much conflict of interest and graft/arranged contracts,comey was hogtied or he'd be exposed
my shows don't typically sell out but i have faith you will get yours quick
remember when you sold out nyc?
we also need mechanisms to reduce the effects of both money and social opprobrium on people's work.
... at least i agree with that in the context of science. less so in some other areas.
so it's important to learn how to say sorry, and even more important to learn how to be sorry. how to soothe instead of silence.
i practice sometimes. "i'm sorry, and i'll do my best to learn better for next time." cause there will be a next time, i can't control that.
good idea! it's always better that way
i be tryna be a helping hand but sometimes you gotta let ppl look stupid fr fr
1946 lester flatts &amp; earl scruggs record 4 the 1st time with bill monroe in columbia records chicago studio...
...the day yeilds "blue moon of kentucky" and "toy heart"
red sox win with a walk off over the yankees! as soon as they have me thinking they're out of it, they pull out a miracle! hanley!!!!
those damn red sox....
thanks so much rr - have a great weekend
you're welcome, emil; tank you for the kind wishes and you have a gorgeous weekend as well! :-)
happy fedex appreciation day!
so much better than stand-in-line day ;)
donald trump weyou make america great again trump will save usa hillary started birther
why does the media hide the fact that it was hillary who started the birther movement in 2008?
ugh, i guess i'll start keeping my phone and box cutter in separate pockets.
box cutter for sure, still wondering about my switch blade though since it's retracted unless i'm shanking someone.
just me or have instagram stories already killed a lot of engagement on snapchat? many more stories on insta than snapchat. less&amp;less on s
totally! why would you build up a new follower base on ss when you have an engaged + large crowd on ig? just waiting for igfilters
jimmy fallon is the host who'll focus on what's really important in an election:trump's hair
you do know he hosts a comedy variety shoe right?
happy for khi and its majority its time to pay back bengalio i mean mqm allah himat day rao anwar ko
by calling muhajirs bengalio you have exposed yourself - pretty pathetic racists human being you are
"we have to keep the suspense going" - trump
ahhhhh. you've got it. he's playing press like a schoolmistress a bunch of pregraders &amp; you're lapping it up...like pregraders
censor cuts. part of the ongoing bbfc policy on showing hanging scenes.
wow, i bet that kept the episode's energy and theme working smoothly and in no way ruined the whole concept.
why am i holding $100,000 of diamond-backed currency? same reason why i need a manicure. prepping for !
given the ease of diamond manufacture, i'm skeptical that it will hold value.
how can it be over? you can't be president if you lied to win!
how dumb are you? well, your a trump supporter so i guess that answers that
paul begla-para- tax cuts designed 4 trump by trump 4 trump's benefit dt is juvenile enough 2destroy economy for his own needs
exactly.people believe a guy who has never done anything for another is suddenly acting on their behalf? he's running for himself
long line outside palo alto store- big question is will walk-in customers be able to get the ?
apple's said no; in sf they have reps repeating no 7+ available.
this am : an 18-karat gold public toilet revealed at the guggenheim museum in nyc! do you use a seat cover?
gold leaf seat cover...
interesting. can you name a few? is it because many rely on customer tips?
i'll be writing a blog post about this when we get home
and you are good for america! :)
- thank you stephanie!
we also need mechanisms to reduce the effects of both money and social opprobrium on people's work.
but charlotte gill is maybe not an ideal spokesperson for such ideas, given her weakness for dropping schlafly lite claims.
no he did not patrick? ?? he did not insult the pastor?
. oh, yes he did.
bernie sanders on : birther controversy goes to root of what trump's campaign is about: "it's about bigotry"
bernie sanders is funny. he folded like a cheap lawn chair to the "criminal clinton machine"!
why am i holding $100,000 of diamond-backed currency? same reason why i need a manicure. prepping for !
but uranium backed currency would be interesting. growing demand and the supply shrinks over time!
if not american, then mind your own business, please.
exactly the problem. the world will suffer if this hair piece is elected.
happy birthday miss sarah, hope all is well
thank you
if any pics that haven't been circulated that you can message?
still waiting on some of my friends and mine to be uploaded
1 of many reasons we r pursuing the grant for . unique value for applicants
how can you verify what has no form?
i practice sometimes. "i'm sorry, and i'll do my best to learn better for next time." cause there will be a next time, i can't control that.
but with "i'm sorry, and..." (as long as the truth falls from my lips) maybe, just maybe, over time, i can reduce the harm &amp; it's frequency.
fire this scumbag
or don't, they both represent everything you're about.
he playing the game well.
he should do a new magic trick- pack his bags and leave *ta-daaaaa*
"we have to keep the suspense going" - trump
assuming "doesn't". empty claims on most issues so far except for most divisive things like walls and bans.
dick riding champ
this wasn't about me btw you weirdos, it was a post on tumblr about squats
better than yesterday's special guest, high-pitched whistle
extremely true
the notion that you can't trust dellin is ridiculous. yeah, he's wild sometimes. fact is that despite is, he's been a top 5 reliever for yrs
pitchers have slumps. it happens
u got it jeanne good game so far
morning bro and all
. the dishonest press covers up the clinton scandals better than maybelline.
they prop her up
can we just replace "maternity leave" and "paternity leave" with "family leave" please? gender identity of the parent not relevant.
"parental leave"?
but with "i'm sorry, and..." (as long as the truth falls from my lips) maybe, just maybe, over time, i can reduce the harm &amp; it's frequency.
lighter steps, a bigger broom, a softer sweep, and more awareness of everyone that shares the world with me.
trump's appearance on dr. oz was the theater of transparency masquerading as actual transparency, writes
nyt being propaganda tool for clinton's should be forbidden speak the word"transparency" a#
this one's for you, !
oh yeah, love this. better than my morning coffee .
quality 808 samples on hyperreal since 1998 for free. used on thousands of tracks, some best selling classics
i think there are some hosted on the intertronz archive, too. and a slew of independent flac banks if you google hard enough.
everybody needs love. everybody needs forgiveness. everybody needs compassion. god has enough for everybody.
praise god sister! your words reminded me of the "mighty to save song" i'll be singing it all day long. will post. ty!
: silicon valley vc firm promises not to hire/fund anyone voting for
i am not pushing an ad that is not good for our
guys, did she say something about new music?
nope...shes doing trending topic....she talked about pig pig too
nancy pelosi on birther controversy: there's nothing that donald trump has said that some gop lawmakers haven't said
elect trump and we will get g.w. bush iii. tax cuts =deficits, unregulated free markets, rape of the environment, recession.
pittsburgh steelers antonio brown fined for twerking in the end zone monday. . questions whether a 26 yd td is even twerk-worthy.
anything under 30 yards is not twerk worthy.
"camping, a vacation for the poor." camping is an escape from people and stupidity... gimme a babbling brook over a babbling idiot any day.
you've obviously never been camping with me, lol!
i smell a pay off.
this is true in everything.comey tried to expose her in the press conference,but he also gave supporters&amp;msm "extremely careless"
that's the dream.
it's a tub of tribe, actually. it won't end
more voters said trump would bring real change, while clinton was seen as having a better temperament for the job
you cant changed a 70 yr old lifelong racist bigot fraud and phony. those supporting have been convinced by a con
because a hot photo of should be shared with the world every day...
this shows how more attractive he is
but seriously!!!!!! my thoughts exactly where have u been
that's my goal next week
nancy pelosi on birther controversy: there's nothing that donald trump has said that some gop lawmakers haven't said
wait till the email dumps come for nancy pelosi sh'ell be singing a different song!
bernie sanders on the birther controversy: donald trump is trying to appeal to those "extreme extremists"
wrong, bernie. there are too few extremists to explain his poll numbers, but keep trying. he'll still be elected.
just been accused of being married. how's your day going?
better than that!
yet to watch the butchered version. but it was half the price of the us release! the series got me into satoshi kon.
well that's something. it's my final work of his to view, and it's very much working as a greatest hits
congressman "misspoke" by claiming the republican national committee had been hacked
the republican party is a fact free zone as they make up their own reality.
i'd love it if it continues to february.
haha exactly. glad you caught that
if there were more than one mount everest, would they be mounts everest? asking for
i'm sure not: the rule switches for proper nouns.
. . . id say goals, but i mean. .
but kind of already there
i played trump: the game and it was fun and also incoherent
we had a copy when i was a kid. i seem to remember it as being monopoly, but bad.
have to believe the new jeff fisher contract has cheaper buy-out clauses based on performance
maybe an out clause so he can be fired today?
trump will reverse!
can't be reversed once is gone
i have half a witty joke but i am too tired to fully bring it forth, forgive my failing
i'll just imagine what it was and laugh hysterically
great presentation, ! key takeaway: figure out how your want to connect with you. don't force it.
thanks so much ! glad you enjoyed the presentation.
hi . who in the actual fuck there thought that a fucking grilled cheese cocktail was a good idea? please hire a bartender, quick
get 'em, geoffrey! down with gimmicky cocktails.
.: donald trump led birther movement to try to delegitimize first african-american president
bs. hillary clinton raised that issue for that purpose. obama delegitimized himself with his race-baiting.
lol! it's 50% off, $12 bucks from the bronx to queens
eye dont care sir. no lyft allowed in these here parts lol
she's right
oh shit i'm seeing a ghost!
you helped bring hillary poll #'s down. this is exactly what media wanted for then you act innocent.
you spent an entire month talking about emails/foundation that had no there there. you continue to give trump a low bar &amp; a pass
media setting up dynamic: trump retreats from birtherism, gets credit for being more responsible, undecideds decide he's more acceptable.
folks have lost their minds &amp; the media is thr culprit., kroc
not that i'm aware off. have you registered it online? you can check the current balance if you have.
i'll check the balance online. found it going through coins &amp; stuff and was too lazy to look on tfl then.
." birther controversy goes to root of what donald trump's campaign is about, "it's about bigotry"
no, bernie. read my book. trump is about empowering ppl to believe in something greater than themselves. like you did
the longest i've been away from mini
omg she is so freaking cute i might die
the break dancing apple employees at the store in nyc. follow live as the doors open:
i am just waiting at home. trucks started moving out at 0330 with iphone shipments in san francisco
the high today is 73. we are so close to flannel weather i can taste it.
i call day before halloween
now everybody can become a cowboy once again shooting left and right. lord have mercy. "the shoot-me state"
its the opposite, now that everyone is packing people will commit less crime cuz they scared of getting shot. called detterence
well, yes of course, but for once would be nice to be recognized for talent alone.
i don't think it's "if true then true" but rather "true and true". conclusion, you rock!
alligators may not have changed much in 8 million years
no ambition, those gators!
i looked up the color rush uniforms. wtf are nike people smoking??
perhaps smoking the $100 bills some of us have imprudently given them for children's shoes?
just like we look back @ certain points in history with disgust, this entire election cycle will be in that category
the next generation may choose to elect president kardashian.
you should hook up with ma buddy
awh yea! let's meet up ^ . ^
brandon marshall's season nearly ended on awkward play : via
his season nearly ended? lol. how do you know?
: silicon valley vc firm promises not to hire/fund anyone voting for
whypeople do not "poll" for german nazi guilt is healthy. tricking e.u. world isnot!votetrump
if you love performative racism built to undermine the first black president, you'll love my new hotel.
come for the yuge suites, stay for the subtle racist comments.
." birther controversy goes to root of what donald trump's campaign is about, "it's about bigotry"
you see bigotry b/c that's how your mind works; the mental models you have.
me too poor brandon marshall went down with knee injury
marshall heart strong
you know the sam vimes theory of socioeconomic unfairness? (thank you &amp; rip sir pterry.) i have the heidi heilig boots theory of privilege.
the more privilege you have, the bigger your boots. cis het white men have big clomping ones with steel toes. protective for the wearer, but
highway robbery prices
caught the early bird special $8.45 with tax should come out to $10-$12
the 8 million americans abroad could stop trump. this tool can make sure they all vote! rt!
everyone should vote always all the time. but unless they're from swing states, they won't be deciding anything.
house dem unveils bill that would force trump to prove he's under irs audit
we all know that dark side is the dirty! from birtherism claims of to his ny mob dealings and overseas
smiler: (before september) oh no we will have nothing this year, i miss miley so much... miley: (in september)
miley was like
.: donald trump led birther movement to try to delegitimize first african-american president
you're the racist, bernie &amp; cuomo. that's why you only talk abt white policeman shooting black person...
for being top influencers in my community this week :) (insight by
" prod by s
the more privilege you have, the bigger your boots. cis het white men have big clomping ones with steel toes. protective for the wearer, but
hard to avoid being stepped on by them (and hard for the wearer to avoid stepping on the toes of others.)
that looks like matte black to me, though. am i wrong?
on second glance i think you're right. either way, i was just trying to be a jerk on the internet.
snowden caused "tremendous damage to national security," a new congressional report states
movie or not you not getting a pardon. enjoy moscow? winter is coming.
.: donald trump led birther movement to try to delegitimize first african-american president
if you were concerned abt police, you'd be concerned about black police shooting black ppl just as much...
here is an idea. you follow me. stop following me.
stop posting me, and i do not follow you
center city parkway/west felicita ave.
oh the one in lakeside. saw it on eceu. it's actually on my way to work, better leave early...
this is complete chaos!!!
haven't seen this kind of energy since...
that report seems pretty dodgy, agree on google
you'd be shocked how much google execs dislike music product in general
i'm glad i'm only partially attractive cuz i hate when people look at me and idk how i'd react to people staring at me daily
i work at a lab so i have to wear face mask lab coat glasses and other shut i'm not getting the attention im used to lmao
there is an update
it won't even let me acess things. says i can't connect but i can connect to every other game i own
finally watching .. amazing af. also, cool chants are the best. more cool chants pls.
it was a great show, and if they have an all women's tournament, ya gotta be in it!
thank you heather, hope and the enrollment management association team for a great experience at the orioles game!
hey we see you back there!
nice! (also, same, honestly, except the physical fitness part bc um nope not in the cards for me)
haha, i meant you. but same on the fitness. i get up to get an extra drink of water and is like "yas me, being active."
i like to call my vagina plato's cave in that it's shadowy, merely an imperfect copy and loads of greek men have been in it
there have been numerous reports of severe depression in the sheep population in greece. coincidence? i think not!
this guy's "100 things i want to accomplish" is an incredible character sketch of things a certain kind of...
...person of a certain class, culture, and milieu finds impressive and valuable
.: donald trump led birther movement to try to delegitimize first african-american president
or you would compare black ppl being shot by black &amp; white police officers...how many in each group were unjustified
i was talking to burger boss i don't like clinton either
sorry... was on one of my early tweets, regretted it once i read thru more..... thought in response to insult is sent b boss.
yooooo! who is andre uncut?!?!
i've seen him at afro punk etc
if you believe that people are engaged in bikeshedding, do you have an obligation to try to stop the discussion?
as their leader, yes. not that easy when it's two strangers walking down the street.
that's always the best thing to do
that advice from my great grandfather on his death bed has not failed me yet.
that's because she's one of us. :) and it's a competition, she clearly was one of the strongest competitors.
im not convinced she's gone. she should've won her season!
there's more to life than your highlight reel. what i learned after leaving :
speak the truth !
do you prefer playstation or xbox?
my parents didn't let me have a console, so im really bad at using them and didn't want one once i could buy my own.
i think you may just be worse than your father. i didn't think it possible.
the whole family is corrupt.
that game broke my heart last night
yanks blow dude
is high pitch going to be on your podcast tonight
i don't know.
get the money out first. then see who are the real public servants. let them serve their public.
if they had term limits the money would flow out. isn't worth as l much money if they are only there for 2 terms in the senate
donald trump's unfulfilled promises
his election will be the ultimate bait/switch. supporters are expecting a messiah but instead get wizard of oz behind curtain.
the conspiracy behind your glasses via
what you wanna bet they control contacts too?
yay! we will be busy delivering today. ^ml
i am hoping that since i near the distribution center i will be getting mine early or sadly very late
i haven't even seen it yet. i need to order a copy!!
it was very good...i really enjoyed it!
. pitched his nl-leading 5th complete game of the season.
i went to bed before the top of the 9 th
to my forever family happy to u all xo :)
happy to you too!
10/10 do not think the chainsmokers are all that
you are the 1%
has anyone proposed climate change emoji yet? will need them in coming years.
replace with the same blue circle
hard to avoid being stepped on by them (and hard for the wearer to avoid stepping on the toes of others.)
people with less privilege have smaller shoes--heels in which they teeter, or sandals that don't protect them--
oh my god a decent comment is free piece
that column defines you get what you pay for
get the money out first. then see who are the real public servants. let them serve their public.
if there were no money and they had tenure, i don't believe they would serve their public. they wud be like any bureaucrat.
night out with great admissions friends in baltimore
hey! i know those three! enjoy!
trump letting fallon mess up his hair will win him votes. makes him more human to people. a regular guy who likes to have fun.
and now we know it's trump's real hair
i did this twat's show. it's on netflix. i had fun but made me cry.
you just tweeted a twat. makes sense
...person of a certain class, culture, and milieu finds impressive and valuable
make a magazine or lifestyle website about these 100 things and you'll be a trillionaire
you are stubborner than me. congrats. ;^)
i am the biggest pain in the ass you are likely to meet :-) it's in my old man genes...
people with less privilege have smaller shoes--heels in which they teeter, or sandals that don't protect them--
or wheels that roll in a narrow line, harming almost nothing as they go but requiring much expense and maintenance and maneuvering.
that's why it's triggering liberals so much.
and now they know it's trump's real hair
trump teases "big announcement" on obama citizenship today at opening of dc hotel:
no one cares anymore about your thoughts on the fact is donald u r phony fraud as said &amp; racist
or wheels that roll in a narrow line, harming almost nothing as they go but requiring much expense and maintenance and maneuvering.
for a girl that grew up barefoot i think a lot about shoes.
i get that too but you don't quit a whole ass business for a passion project and zero money.
i completely agree. i think she should have kept it and just started the other one. she didn't test the market at all smh.
what will bernie sanders do if trump wins? "try to overcome my depression" and "figure out where we go from there"
well bernie, i think you'll probably be sitting on the porch up at the lake in the house that hillary clinton bought for you
this month we recognize the contributions of millions of hispanic &amp; latino americans to our nation's identity. thank you!
you two jerks are so phony. you don't give a damn about the hispanic people. after the election you won't give them shit.
fine. a hillary supporter started birther bullshit. that doesn't fucking excuse trump's own fucking racism. get it?!?!
the hillary supporter did it in emails to other supporters not on national tv. and in purchased print media like trump did.
the display of my iphone 7 is completely horrible. has an extreme red tint to it.
is night shift on?
girl nobody got any dick i just couldn't sleep
couldn't sleep with all that dick up in youuuuuu lmao. jk lol
i ask people to please re-rack their weights and they start arguing with me. i just stay shut listen and cancel their membership after
cause you pussy
21. will trump appoint an ag who prosecutes you &amp; your syphilis ridden "husband" for the multiple crimes committed ?
this is a brilliant sales/marketing tactic-her team is playing a masterful game right now.
get the money out first. then see who are the real public servants. let them serve their public.
look at this way. teachers in public school get tenure. no big money. too many don't serve the public.
as soon as those refugees get to flint, she'll bash hillary herself!
christians don't reject refugees. quite the opposite.
when your company is 6 stars love my johnnie he is such a hard worker. xxx
good team of support
"we have to keep the suspense going" - trump
no suspense about candy. he likes it!
21. will trump appoint an ag who prosecutes you &amp; your syphilis ridden "husband" for the multiple crimes committed ?
i have to say,i'm impressed w/what her team is pulling off here,pr-wise.
with a straight face, donald trump told dr. oz that he's as healthy as tom brady:
trump supporters like the fact he makes stupid statements. he is stupid chic.
i'm convinced that never sleeps. can someone at provide evidence to the contrary?
agreed about brian stelter. so much energy.
yes! we are truly from "back in the day"...it was what, 2000-ish?
i probably have to look back but it was fan club started
why is the news covering it like its launch of a mission to mars?
it's so weird.
the pid1 issues you raise drove the development of
and concerns about the daemon drove us to develop tl;dr: docker api, no docker daemon
hillary clinton is stealing money from her own supporters! she can't get out of this one.
typical cheating clinton
guy called me a racist today because i refused to take his counterfeit $100 bill.
pfffffffffft! that's absurd!
i'm surprised find iphone is not removable. the app would be useless if an iphone was your only ios device.
i agree. clock &amp; health also seem like they could go.
if u know esha as well as i do and the fact that her bday on april 1... it's just the most greatest thing
okkkkaaaaay creeping ass
i really can't wait for this week to be over.
right there with ya, ash
check out my spread in this months
awesome! have you seen gucci is up to the case too?
21. will trump appoint an ag who prosecutes you &amp; your syphilis ridden "husband" for the multiple crimes committed ?
also,did you notice that while trump is surging everywhere,yesterday fox dipped its toe into reporting the opposite?
business owners have never been this nervous about a presidential election
anyone supporting you fall into one or more of these categories. be real to yourself
well, this should be fun
will they ask dear leader about his post 2011 statements or let him spew word salad we know ans
21. will trump appoint an ag who prosecutes you &amp; your syphilis ridden "husband" for the multiple crimes committed ?
we live in pre-war germany. and we are not united enough to stop it.
never seen recuperating power like this? pneumonia for months. all the way back to march. two days well! a miracle?
my brother (in his 50's) had pneumonia for months. he needed open chest surgery, a chest tube &amp; 6 weeks of recovery
tweet at me to send me ideas of what to write for my next beauty blog and i'll give you a
when u rlly wanna beat ur face but you only have like 8 minutes to do it. coulda used it this morning lmao
lol hey fab i need a good place to get heels from. like really nice looking ones
oh wows i was like why shake being so nice. i'll dm you lol
bernie sanders on the birther controversy: donald trump is trying to appeal to those "extreme extremists"
i thought this man could think. i even donated to his campaign. turns out to be just a stereotypical socialist.
21. will trump appoint an ag who prosecutes you &amp; your syphilis ridden "husband" for the multiple crimes committed ?
the govt is too powerful. we don't need the expense of elections anymore
depends on the drivers route. you can check out my choice to see if it gives you a del window. ^ml
sadly no delivery window
li: come experience the earthly riches of post wl, syosset, sat 9/17 4-7p salud
see you then!
na it's not cold enough yet for tims don't do it
na na that was part of my other tweet about what's winter chancletas.
a white woman that has those fishing pictures that every racist troll has. a woman who got paid $$$$ that made a sweat shop joke.
i figured the sweatshop remark was genuine because, damn. 12k yards of wool dyed over six days? by two people?
how are you getting along with guitar
lol not good haha. i've been so busy that i haven't played in a while
powell: "been on the phone and email all afternoon. hillary and elijah cummings have popped off"
colin powell real housewife of potomac?
bernie sanders on the birther controversy: donald trump is trying to appeal to those "extreme extremists"
how could there b enough racists/bigots/extremists in a country that elected obama for trump to get 45% of votes? moron
john kasich says he will help get republicans to the polls but it is "very unlikely" he will vote for donald trump
typical republican. party first even if it means destroying the america we love. anything to win. be careful what you wish for.
dwalls attacked a 4 year old???? knew there was some screws loose
i feel bad we couldn't let him play his last stickball game
what are the odds of two guys both wearing hats getting in the same 6am security line at jfk? (cc )
ha this is amazing! i still haven't seen my first hat/shirt in the wild. ps. wassup !
i hate that there's a small part of me that wants trump to win just to see him let down all the racists and deplorables that pray to him.
and to have them realize that jobs aren't coming back, and everything t says was in fact all lies!
say cheese! heat &amp; serve mac 'n' cheese is $2 off through 9/20. see this week's deals:
thought of syrian food crisis &amp; need for humanitarian aid. this is hearty, inexpensive, easy.
pneumonia, recovered from a blood clot, coughing fits - but all her aides said there was absolutely nothing wrong with her.
trump grossly overweight, takes statin for high cholesterol, doesn't exercise, eats mostly fried foods.
is awarded the 2016 by prof.
congrats ! well deserved.
"i'm ready to move on to the next chapter of my life..."
just watched your 1989 crowning a violin piece you're still tops and spectacular. miss you
we caught up with to hear her take on the evolution of folk and what's next.
thank you for sharing. see you
mere weeks away from potential white nationalist president and here's the scene at nbc
its the late show, a comedy show. grow up brah.
hey so if there's any cons who want me to goh (or anyone who'd like to see me goh) i'd be honored :b ..that's how this works right?
how does that work
has there been any polling on how many people view birther conspiracy theories as racist vs. simply incorrect?
is there any polls that ask whether jews secretly run the world is anti-semitic or just incorrect?
special advisor for minority outreach - david duke
that's almost not funny. and i'm sure there would be a competition for biggest asshole in his cabinet (which his son might be).
i personally wouldn't want to be within 100 yards of him.
vomit inducing
hey tom f off, who do you think you are calling me and members of my family bigots, one is a civil rights lwr, so this is a 1st
if you're for trump, you're for bigotry.
this won't go away he humiliated potus and had 2 show his papers giving him a pass is discrasfull
show papers like slaves used to, now some immigrants have to and they want to put chips in muslims. just no!
uh oh. my appointment is at 9:30.
the buying process was fine, but it was other little things. like being promised coffee and pastries and them not being delivered.
media setting up dynamic: trump retreats from birtherism, gets credit for being more responsible, undecideds decide he's more acceptable.
anyone who is "undecided" by now, shouldn't be allowed to vote. ...or operate a motor vehicle. ...or play w matches.
haha strength is found in her lies..good luck with that.
like trump's fake university, claiming he's under audit for not releasing his taxes. bs!
new fox news poll shows trump has a one-point advantage over clinton among likely voters.
what is the definition of likely! love these accurate polls! and who are they polling i don't know 1 person whoever got polled!!
i wish that the rest of the world could vote in us elections. let us give it a shot since 43% of you aren't voting anyway. sad!
the rest of the world may vote in this one. do russian hackers count as "the rest of the world?"
getting my lens today and kayla has my camera
you have work when it'll come and i need it for work soooooo
she is an evil cunt who should be in jail...fuck her and her "pneumonia"
trump's trial for child rape starts oct. 14th, trial for trump u fraud in nov, but he may be in jail by then.
the buying process was fine, but it was other little things. like being promised coffee and pastries and them not being delivered.
and having no apple employees outside to explain reservation vs walk in lines. only security, who didn't really fill that role.
no one sings along to without doing an elvis costello impression. (1/2)
everyone singing along to an song does a half-good elvis costello impersonation. (2/2)
oh, come on?! that can't be a direct quote ????!!!!
he said it on oz show. its not a quote its verbatim
kind of an amazing poll number.
because millennials vote for the wrong reasons. you don't have to like your president. do want the most competent leader though.
"i thought street was ea"
it's 8 in the morning... gimme a break
bernie sanders on the birther controversy: donald trump is trying to appeal to those "extreme extremists"
did hrc raise the birther issue b/c she's a racist/bigot/extremist or for some other reason...if so, what was it?
all your questions answered: "my crazy year w trump" katy tur talks covering donald trump's candidacy
did hrc raise the birther issue b/c she's a racist/bigot/extremist or for some other reason...if so, what was it?
free video idea: ask ppl waiting in line for iphone what they would/should be doing instead on a normal friday morning...
supercut of responses = content
eating lunch at my desk &amp; in jeans for dress down fri so according to william hanson i'm a bit common via
i can't imagine that. you probably have amazing shoes on!!
finally i've ranked all 65 power 5 conference teams per us news &amp; world report.
better look at nonfbs school rankings w/ conferences.
oh dear. will be really upset when he finds out what obama said during 2008 primary
exactly the reference i thought of. also consider her favorability since 2013
i don't care what trump believes, do you care? lol gm andrew!
nope! just happy to see trump continuing to put his foot in his mouth gm dee
what did he do?
had donald trump on his show and "humanized" him and was all buddy buddy.
people are hating on jimmy for doing his job? well i have a message to say to those people- you're idiots and have nothing better to do.
and there's the fcc's equal time law. i wish i still had my media law book, i would be dropping knowledge and shit...
just wanna be a glacier girl.
looking for a noodle boi
how many people sit on their couches drinking beer and eating nachos, not standing for the song either? let's punish them like
i dont stand for the national anthem when i am at home
what you want em to do, smash trump with a guitar like the honky tonk man?
the fate of democracy now clearly rests with questlove.
did they have a separate line for watches, or just one giant scrum?
no separate line for watch, but i'm not sure what the process is. i was able to buy one when i picked up my reserved iphone.
is there any polls that ask whether jews secretly run the world is anti-semitic or just incorrect?
is there any polls asking if thinking all gay men are pedophiles is homophobic or just incorrect?
i want it to feel like the rest of my phone, you know? not like i've suddenly started using linux.
i'm sad to hear they're not keeping up. good luck in your search for a satisfying client!
this is horribly wrong. about 6% of the uninsured - ~1.5m adults - earn &gt;400% of the fpl.
ken if that's commonwealth, their &gt;400% fpl no. is weird. census has 20% in'15
if you won't do as bernie urges, you probably just supported drumpf all along
yup or have an iq in low double digits
"to tweet or not to tweet" by diane ryan (i get a wee mention) please retweet &amp; share! if you can support please do
exactly my sentiments!
many people say...he has crabs.
he had sexual transmitted disease during vietnam war. that's what he said was his sacrifice at that time!
why are millennials so blas about a possible trump victory? historical ignorance.
yes, plus they are risk takers. have no problem allowing trump to tear america apart assuming it can be easily "fixed."
lame. i'm hoping that they let me get something other than the rose gold that i reserved but i'm not holding my breath.
i asked if i could get a jet black instead of my reserved matte black and they said no. but maybe you can for a different color.
omg why are you not attending
i didn't think to take off in time
cnn's don lemon: "you have to give" donald trump "credit" for the campaign press release about birtherism
is there a participation trophy in politics?
how did the football game work on twitter last night? any issues? sadly i missed it
not a single glitch. wish i could say the same for my cable service.
john lewis has blamed on drop in profits. if a business of that size is affected what hope is there for smaller businesses?
i find that very hard to believe. surely a brand like , with their values, should be paying living wage already?
the real reason you're circumcised (hint: because you are a deviant) - adam ruins everything via
actually, i had sex with both circumcised and uncircumcised. un feels better*.
lame. i'm hoping that they let me get something other than the rose gold that i reserved but i'm not holding my breath.
actually i take back no buying issues. right after i bought mine, apples servers went down and people had to wait to buy iphones.
yes she about to come soon you need to come for michelle bday hopefully she's here by then
i know i reallynwanna be there but can't so much going on .!!
trump: "you think hillary could stand up here for an hour and do this?" grade: gop &amp; ind c+, dem d- (via )
my mothers 82 and gets around better than hillary. money can't by you health
tracking training loads is cyclic. we start out tracking everything. then coaches get such a good feel for loads, we can wind it back a bit.
the beauty of insight
sanders campaigned labor day in nh. tomorrow in ny and pa. saturday in oh.
thank you! how often does he mention hillary?
i'm tired of tweeting about donald trump, but he's a threat, and should be called out at every opportunity.
agree. it's like wiping up sick every single day, but how else do we clean it up?
this has long been apparent. she's scum. but our continues to give her the princess treatment.
scum yes. shes a trump is all you need to say.
i'm sick in bed for the day. what should i watch?
way back in time, try continental divide, one of the few john belushi movies. it's on itunes. a sweet, simple love story.
a vile, contemptible, cretin fellated by a hopeless drunk for ratings. making deplorables great again? fuck you, &amp; jimmy fallon.
would be interesting to see what our music pr friends, who die to have their bands on the show, have to say here
there is an update
captains rewards.
and used to be my favourite tv host. missing ur versatile presenting skills
will be back
this is horribly wrong. about 6% of the uninsured - ~1.5m adults - earn &gt;400% of the fpl.
47% of uninsured are over 200% fpl, according to cps. csr negligible over 200% fpl.
i hope someone shoots up my school omg
my friend tweeted something like this last year and her graduation speech and walk got revoked. she also got suspended
facts get obliterated (18 smashed blackberries), obfuscated (no recollect)
always the negative slant. she upgraded her bbs!
right! still a player. she is in a fantasy.
or she's in a nightmare lol
in line for new iphone, 1. everyone wants jet black 2. no one buying new apple watch 3. people pissed no 7+ in stock
. and lines still long here in bk at least. started last night. apple hardly declining
we made it to friday.
what a great movie, and great scene!
post penis?
unfortunately no lol
on my life... believe that.
september last year i was mentality in a different space. thank god for change.
wow - bway's best join in - even the ensemble is blue chip!!
whaaaat!!!??? truly all star
she is not worthy of our votes sir.to many lies told .trump may not be the best pick but he sure knows how to reach us.
he reaches you with repeated lies &amp; you believe them. he praises putin on russian tv &amp; bashes our military! sad
the real reason you're circumcised (hint: because you are a deviant) - adam ruins everything via
how do you find this shit?
she's catching up fast mt : guy is the most unpopular candidate in history."
thanks to the debasement of your profession (though not you).
and creating a culture of respect will allow all of us to work together and to stand up for freedom together.
your tweet really got me putting thingstogether&gt;learned from rally's, interviews via
bernie sanders on the birther controversy: donald trump is trying to appeal to those "extreme extremists"
wsj liked trump's economic plan, but don't talk about that b/c we haven't got to the bottom of the birther movement yet
at&amp;t didn't have the iphone 7 plus....got the 7 still though.
guess nobody will have this unicorn...
on my life... believe that.
september last year i was mentally in a different space.
imagine how much worse it's going to be when he's elected!
please, oh please don't say "when"...
september last year i was mentally in a different space.
thank god for change.
my friend tweeted something like this last year and her graduation speech and walk got revoked. she also got suspended
btw she was senior class president
and the recordings made ailes sound such a depressingly vulgar slob let's hope he can give trump a touch of class
not a high bar to class up trump. don arlen could add polish.
wow! you sure look purdy this morning!
nice pic &amp; i can see also which is a great place to go after the
probably because clinton hasnt called woman pigs.
please bill preyed on young women &amp; hillary villified those women-ruined their lives
game tonight of 3 games in 3 days.
will be there - will look for you i assume behind the plate
having dinner with my singapore team. yes that is sweat.
that looks like a crew that deserves a dessert sampler.
ironically, knowledge of history is the reason so many don't support clinton.
history? actually made up scandal mongering by right wing. trump's nationalism's mirroring run up to war. beware.
you weren't just another jonathan to me bro
bro what i said about talking to me like that on social media
yo it's true
your article voiced all the feelings i had when new archie launched! fiona staples why you draw archie so
i'm sorry to say that in whatever says today about birth, the word "sorry" will not be used.
why the media let djt anthony weiner them
my favorite rendering of what *could* exist in my neighborhood courtesy of !
come check it out at !
love this pic!
*blushes* thank you!!!
the entire establishment was corrupt and she was part of it when her favorability was near 70% too.
she was at 70% bc she was secretary of state at time. most sos have positive approval ratings.
please bill preyed on young women &amp; hillary villified those women-ruined their lives
remember "sticks and stones"
why is shadow trying to create a rivalry w/ lq like boo we already have one w/ pd, chill
but then again this rivalry shit hypes me so keep it up
i aint got no snapchat homie...
you wack
don't know if you aware but the guy who flimed the eric garner murder has been set up by the police
he live in las vegas. he is scared for his life. it is crazy!!!
yep, that's brilliant. thank you so much.
you're welcome! looking forward to reading your query :)
all this to say, friends of privilege, yesterday was a shit day for marginalized folks. another black child was murdered by cops.--
a racist book blogger toasted herself for being loudly racist. a group of white authors revealed sympathy for shriver's racist speech.--
damn at least you tried
now i have 10
having dinner with my singapore team. yes that is sweat.
that looks like a crew that deserves a dessert sampler
how could trump win? 31% of millennials say it's "essential" to "live in a country that is governed democratically."
q: if millennials did not live at home with their parents would they be so willing to take the risk of trump tearing up america?
i'm not even watching nfl at all anymore
i feel like you say this every week...
j.r. have you listened to my podcast w/curiosity's chief engineer rob manning?
have not yet frank, but will this morning!!!!!
hillary started it in 2008.
hey deplorable, cuz thats what you are. trump;started it,
b4 you anoint the cubs ws champs the next 3 yrs lol 1) win 1 2) 86 mets looked the same 3) met rotation will be healthy 2017!
so please... use ur head
oh how i love 90s dance music
brings me back to high school!
i can't wait to go to verizon and see if i can order that matte black iphone 7 plus!
if none in the store, order online to get yours as quickly as possible .... ^dlr
i miss them
how am i barely seeing this
headed there next month! woot
have a great trip. i loved it!
. i think that the judge in texas should take away abortion because it is very wrong to do.
while i'm not a supporter of abortion by any means, i think in certain places it's needed
lifetime of fighting for progressive causes? like unions, or minimum wages, or welfare? hmm
but she hasn't really done that. all these accomplishments are just gaslighting that voters aren't buying.
if only y'all could of been a fly on the wall over dinner last night - damn this brother is all...
glad your entertaining between your busy schedule.
i would like to see better education about ptsd in general, particularly for non-combat ptsd so people are aware of their options
this is the big thing imo. jokingly using terms like "ptsd" and "ocd" colloquially can be ok, but only if people...
and mccain was born in panama!
romney's dad was born in mexico, obama's in kenya, but who did trump goad for papers?
waiting till black friday lol
and the only niggas that wait till black friday to get 2k lol they hella washed lol
. i think that the judge in texas should take away abortion because it is very wrong to do.
while i'm not a supporter of abortion by any means, i think in certain times it's needed
donald trump again won't acknowledge president obama was born in u.s.
guess story did not make the front page. not that important. wow, imagine if hrc said this- would be breaking news
a racist book blogger toasted herself for being loudly racist. a group of white authors revealed sympathy for shriver's racist speech.--
jewish people faced racist, nazi imagery from the son of a presidential candidate who is supported by nearly half of americans, and--
what will bernie sanders do if trump wins? "try to overcome my depression" and "figure out where we go from there"
how much damage can trump do over 4 years? despoil the environment. check. create huge deficits. check. market crash. check....
this is the big thing imo. jokingly using terms like "ptsd" and "ocd" colloquially can be ok, but only if people...
understand the difference between that and the real deal
i bet you have an itchy trigger finger. glad you're not a cop anymore. have fun il duce! stay up and stay fascist! 88 for life
if i did you would not be one to want to run ur ugly mouth in front of me. lucky for u that u live in shithole la.. cunt
religion is repressive. religion comes with rules, regulations and requirements. god is so free.
religion is not god. the two are not synonymous. god would never ask you to repress any part of your expression.
utterly pointless flawed research making top headlines? it must be a weekday ending in "y"
the conclusion doesn't pass some basic sanity checks: in one of the studies medicaid patients had worse outcomes than the totally uninsured
sadly, yes. i know pc means i'm not supposed to say this but a little out of sorts today without my heels on
haha! hope you've had a good week. breakfast time here in nyc. have a great weekend
i was the girl who could...and did...and keeps doing
great story and photo!
all the plus 7s are sold out
i thought you preordered
jewish people faced racist, nazi imagery from the son of a presidential candidate who is supported by nearly half of americans, and--
a white male author yelled at me publicly for being upset by the shriver thing, which was not 1/1000000th as terrible as these other things,
mike posted this photo, there was something terribly wrong. do you see it?
where's the lady in white's reflection?
. you're right, i'm shorter than u when we stand but taller than u when we sit...what does that say?
it says you have a smart show director!
i voted for i will be voting4 in the election i'm done with sellouts and coverups 4win
trump! what could go wrong? his voodoo economics creates market crash, recession. for starters.
so the prophet pbuh himself negotiating with the jews that lived at the time, what does that make him?
such ignorance. appalling that these creatures have the audacity to question people's faith because of a bloody pic.
happy birthday have a good one
thank you
they actually pay more than so strange explanation
yes, very odd
the conclusion doesn't pass some basic sanity checks: in one of the studies medicaid patients had worse outcomes than the totally uninsured
the populations who are uninsured, on medicaid, or on private insurance are different from each other and not comparable
all janitors in calif. must take anti-sexual harassment training now. you know, to stop rape
gif perfection this fine morning. kudos.
trump still creates loophole that goes beyond ryan plan to cut rates on biz income to 15%, letting trump pay lower rate than many families.
twenty four hours later, i still stand by this prebuttal tweet
yes "of the two humans who can be physically elected president, vote for the one you like better" is real radical.
right and they don't have to earn that. they just stand around like a show horse
the sleeping giant has awakened ! blacks are not voting for hillary !
rightly so..dems just want the vote.look at chicag.etc. trump is a negotiator who wins and gets things done
wow, no. i look forward to you explaining that to me. let's be honest, i'm totes gonna rosetta stone some shit b4 nov
dutch g best g :3
absolutely it'll be a nice trip back into our prime days. peaked early
we can kill it in volleyball again
you see that with how big gluten-free has gotten. not all of those people have celiac disease
that's my pet peeve. i fucking boil over whenever i hear someone talk about gluten free dieting...
and my new apple watch just shipped a whole 5 days early!
what apple watch did you end up getting?
poll: where is your freakout falling today?
both options! lots of blame to go around.
it is the biggest give away though. with a heft portion mandated to be spent on us weapons - how nice more blood
i think uae and saudi give competition in this regard- as does our benevolent attitude to tax evaders
it is just astounding that this is where we are
make it stop. please.
they actually pay more than so strange explanation
indeed, worthy of this...
hormoneless tweeting endocrinology bites behind unseen curves i am truly on the fence today. menopause w/ no ovaries
no one told me there would be days like this. the endo says 'catastrophic' as they can't prescribe what's gone 4now
to point out where we are this am. with bated breath, we're waiting for someone to confirm they think is an actual us citizen.
you media folks have given trump such a low bar and pass and gone out the way to damage hrc. please don't act concerned now.
no. he clearly is doing this for himself. his entire manner in this race should make this fully obvious to you.
what is obvious to me is that he has the characteristics of a strong leader n part of that is having a strong sense of self.
she is not worthy of our votes sir.to many lies told .trump may not be the best pick but he sure knows how to reach us.
with lies. read politicususa or politifact to know what's true &amp; what isn't. you owe it to yourself &amp; america.
no one sings along to without doing an elvis costello impression. (1/2)
everyone singing along to an song does a pretty good elvis costello impersonation. (2/2)
thanks jeff for all you are doing to promote education in the arts!!
thank you! for your friendship in this work!
that's my pet peeve. i fucking boil over whenever i hear someone talk about gluten free dieting...
mapping things politically, there's a crazy anti-science subsection of the left that believes this kinda shit. hate it.
not so sure, and that was only 2 years ago. this 2015;
well he is a member of the clips &amp; he himsekf is not sure he wants to play this yr doc says he hasn't decided
what's the move tonight angel face? mi jus reach ah foreign (ny, bx)
i have to work late today
how campaign uses food&amp;memories to let voices be heard
get the trash out of usa boarders language culture nothing else matters
a white male author yelled at me publicly for being upset by the shriver thing, which was not 1/1000000th as terrible as these other things,
but is indicative of the atmosphere, where a woc questioning racism is "worse" than politely not questioning racism. that was just one day.
"we have to keep the suspense going" - trump
professional conman is playing the media just like a fiddle &amp; all of u r allowing the brainwashing!
;) i'm just happy it's friday i guess! ;) good morning to you. let's do this!! :45amalarm!!
good morning. you guess. it's a good friday morning! let's go crazy and enjoy the day. be blessed.
i refuse to get up out of my bed today
bitch better be in a&amp;p
the populations who are uninsured, on medicaid, or on private insurance are different from each other and not comparable
a simple regression method adjusting for a handful of demographics isn't going to fix this problem
prediction:trump's birther reprise is a prelude to the debate, where he'll boldly pronounce that potus was born in the u.s.
oh yes......you know trump very well. he is such a con artist and each day the media helps him out
i have a haircut today and my hairdresser is going to scream at me for neglecting my hair all summer and tbh i deserve it
that is exactly what happened to me yesterday
listening to should be fun today.
i truly truly feel bad for you bills fans you guys can't catch a break.
how did the football game work on twitter last night? any issues? sadly i missed it
was pretty good. i was at home on wifi i had some hiccups.
my pin curls did not fail me on today, praise god
good hair days are not-so-small joys
i dead ass saw a baby bear last night.
not in yonkers right ?
it was a pretty good run, america. back to hobbes, i guess. try this thing again from scratch.
is a communist who can't get votes beyond white pot heads they said. they said.
yes! no way i could mistake him for someone else. especially after he done said his name was billy
right! lmfaoo he don't even have to yell "the keys" i know his voice
beautiful bright full(nearly) moon outside, so look up if you get a chance before it sets at 6:25am....its pretty spectacular
it would be a good morning romantic sceene to enjoy.
you know what's bogus? that i've had a combo of migraines &amp; leg numbness for a month, and the doctor can only squeeze me in next week.
you can't walk-in?
definitely 2 underdogs who look like winners sunday. more research though.
tampa line went down should have went up
but is indicative of the atmosphere, where a woc questioning racism is "worse" than politely not questioning racism. that was just one day.
so, friends of privilege (and this is intersectional, you can have non black privilege w/o white privilege, male but not able-bodied, etc.)
donald trump has by turns praised and vilified the fed chair, janet yellen, and the fed's interest-rate policies.
the trump crash is coming. voodoo economics, deficit spending, drastic spending cuts will spur the sell off. make america kansas!
krauthammer: 'this is an election about nothing'
kraut is a has been totally wrong since beginning
a simple regression method adjusting for a handful of demographics isn't going to fix this problem
replace insurance status with education or income and you get the same flawed, pointless study who funded this, and why?
so you just say stuff and it's the media that's corrupt?
provides the understandable defense of an anachronistic medium on its last legs.
gm.ty for likes.fab friday for all.
happy friday
mariana: i'm grateful for the rt &amp; about lorry's lens: new york city. it's a wonderful place.
there you go again, mariana, being a good friend! thanks for the rt &amp; ! we have music, books, pics
little bit tired. was up late reading wizard and glass, from stephen king's dark tower series. most compelling book i've read in a long time
wizard and glass is one of my favorites in that series.
i'm looking for a who can build a touch enabled data-entry application. pls rt or forward this to a nice . ;)
we have close to 20 years of experience in building websites, web applications&amp;mobile applications!
what's also wud b useful is to embedding the ppcleanersketch into a case narrative
to sell a product, service, idea. the unit is the tetra, not a person.
who do you want to win the notre dame/michigan state pie in the face bet?
mainly because i'm 100% golic likes pie more then magic and is gonna eat what's left over lol
a $150 million stairway to nowhere on the far west side, via . we can't have a ski tunnel to nowhere?
if you build it they will come. move to area 53
people are abandoning her like rats on a sinking ship.
did you see fox, tho? yesterday night,they reported her over donald 2pts,nationally.im telling you,they are going to rig it
love my watch for notifications and fitness so no brainer. went black stainless steel this time (have regular stainless)
ugh that's the one i want!! i have the regular stainless now too.
so, friends of privilege (and this is intersectional, you can have non black privilege w/o white privilege, male but not able-bodied, etc.)
friends of privilege if you ever wonder why everyone's so gosh darn mad all the time, read upthread &amp; remember there's stuff i bet i missed.
listening to the ep. about bad 80's action movie sequels and i refuse to believe any of these titles are real.
under siege 2: dark territory dodge that bullet, brendan fortress of pain guns, germs, and steel
i set it up last yr. only 20 mins with them &amp; new devices. i might show them how this year- clips difficult
i have 6 kits now, 1 per group, haven't used yet in class, i have just 30 min with pk, k, and 1 but wanted to try it
guy has been everywhere so far...
hes been amazing his star is rising.
you can't walk-in?
i don't think so. i have the in-network thing and in order to see another doctor, i'd have to switch my pcp entirely.
i've learned a great many things in congress. one of them is to have harry reid next to you, and never within reach of his right fist.
why, will the old and effeminate harry reid grab your dick?? he is a vile and corrupt scumbag fearful of trump.
might still be some hope for you!
fall has always been our season
get the trash out of usa boarders language culture nothing else matters
free market economics rules, not sharia socialism
i'll take trump any day over the sickening hillary clinton.
so sad that you believe a traitor to your country.trump is a compulsive liar threatens our democracy!
for better or for worse i am dusky as fuck
better: complexion, decent resting bitch face worse: me @ every other time of day besides like 7-8pm
if you're into personal fitness and the quantified self i guess it's kind of a big deal
if you're a runner or swimmer the new one is better for gps and waterproofing. i bike and the old one is great.
at our weddings
omg yesss ima have that shit framed in my house when i'm older
for starters, when he says hrc started this &amp; he did a favor by getting to bottom of it, call him on the lie
how about if you just ignore him and go after some real news. he will go ballistic.
it's 45 degrees in binghamton and i'm convinced there will b snow at this rate
im coming later today and only have a sweater lol rip
secretary 's remarks with :
warming waters, plastic intrustions and bleaching are significant concerns.
t.i. has a comeback for 'all lives matter'
the man who said he would never vote for a woman for president, has gone to jail and has 7 children is a political figure now?
not a fan of this. if you're not familiar with the city, you'll have no idea if you're paying through the nose/if a taxi'd be cheaper
exactly. it's terrible. doesn't even acknowledge you're paying a premium at all.
appreciate it! my client needs someone on-site for this. stay in touch though.
ok. thanks for your reply.
johnson should be allowed in the debates if for no other reason than to set up a dynamic of two adults vs. one big fat baby.
more importantly: it sets up the dynamic of johnson as clinton's *true* opponent, leaving trump's third wheel in the dust.
really ? a person who refuses press conferences and won't answer tough questions demanding answers ?
she's not targeting you.your responses to what is an outrageous statement,will be deleted out of the feed.
trump is so upset that ford is moving its manufacturing to mexico that he's going to deport all ford fiestas.
go gay for me
secretary 's remarks with :
the 'bleaching' concern has reached a religious chord and can be harsh.
via - trump being a birther just last year:
a lot can happen in a year. can lie about liking
how voters are responding to clinton's 'deplorables' remark
thanks morgan!
this, from , is a really sharp, quick explanation of why the current poverty line is too low
i would add that when you look at the spm, it's remarkable just how many people live on the very edge of poverty
wow ..are you goin to beautycon?
that i actually took time off for
yet phl exists so close...making ewr look: passable? mostly-adequate? cleanish?
hey now phl is my home airport. im smart enough that i would never go near it. it isn't a wretched hive. it's just wretched
but now mr birther is recanting- proving he will say anything. will his supporters notice or care about this major flip flop?
nope. and the perfidy of the news media is already baked in.
i wonder where donald jr 1st heard the reference "warming up the gas chamber" bc i see it often in tweets to me from trump supporters
what is worse, the holocaust reference itself or that he thinks that the gas chambers were warmed up.
really ? a person who refuses press conferences and won't answer tough questions demanding answers ?
her followers won't question it *because they want to believe in a particular narrative*.she's using that
god is love and you are made in love's image, stamped with love's seal. happy friday :)
now that'll preach. every day of the week.
i know i said i was guna stop but i need a blunt
i masturbate to release stress that's all ima say
studies link cancer patient's survival time to insurance status via
who is the "chan" speaking at the end of the article? it's the name of the school. none of the authors are named chan?
. can you please clean up the path to the platform?for $252/month,don't need to be dodging squirrels &amp;raccoons.
no but they can erect a fence made of train ads cleverly stuck to the shrubs to fix it
really ? a person who refuses press conferences and won't answer tough questions demanding answers ?
its an extremely powerful tactic
i would add that when you look at the spm, it's remarkable just how many people live on the very edge of poverty
which means more of them than we realize are probably bouncing in and out of it.
yup been for a while now.
girl!!!!!!!! that's good to know lol
secretary 's remarks with :
the 'bleaching' concern has reached a religious chord and can be harsh to our oceans.
wait so why white people mad and not blacks/latinos?
i should've said white liberals
faith will always be more powerful than fear.
amen to that. did you see the tweets from the event at on ?
give it a chance!!
... i can wander the streets of nyc, sending out a friday message of peace, love and harmony.
welcome to the club
college is very tiring
samuel do u know anything about what hes suggesting? because if udid uwould not that is not so
he's proposing a repeat of g.w. bush recession. huge tax &amp; spending cuts that will cause consumers, businesses to pull back.
was reading some reviews about it where apparently it holds up extraordinarily well (mine shows some wear/scratches)
yeah that's the only thing i was worried how bad it would look if the black scratches.
religion made me feel ashamed about the very things that make me human. love, sexuality, indulgence. god would never.
anything that limits your expression is ungodly. period.
can you love me anyway, even if i can not stay?
i'm only what you make me baby, don't walk away don't be so shady.
i used once. almost 40 rsvps. none of them showed up. never had this with .
but does allow you to sell tickets?
notice that none of those things are permanent or chronic.
trump's sociopathic narcissism is incurable &amp; threatens u.s. security. he is a traitor!
lmaooo youre so rightttt. but we can make it happen tho , like a weekend thing
let's go in october on a saturday we gotta make sure leek can go
i already skipped wednesday tho
what's another day
trump's 24 hours: mocks pastor, lies about church visit, clings to birtherism, etch-a-sketches economic policy, son jokes about holocaust.
is there a journalist bold enough to stand up to the malpractice of the media.
sounds like you made the right choice with , pal!
best thing ever.
that w at seattle will be hard to come by haha
so will the other 9!
that's shorty's life can't comment till i listen to the story lmfao
go listen. it was a good episode.
us to trump killed biafra in 1967,now threatene to wipe them out
- -where the hell are you on biafra?!!!! stop the short game!!
glad to see the logic of electing a mayor because his kid has an afro is working out
you're just pissed about the oppression of pocket knife carriers.
somebody stop the tilt-a-whirl ride that is 2016 america. i'm nauseated and want off.
i'm just hoping the ride is slowing down rather than speeding up for 2017.
and what was that metal clip that fell out of her trousers?
what are you talking about?
sure nancy, while illegals flow in and murder. pelosi suggests gun control vote could 'save 90 lives' - breitbart
sure. and leave americans with no defense against the horde of criminals that are invading us.
replace insurance status with education or income and you get the same flawed, pointless study who funded this, and why?
well, here's a hint. "medicaid isn't good enough, we need coverage from private, for-profit insurance companies!"
ha! thanks, leland! now the fun begins - , , and iphone 7!
dude, you totally rocked it! live tv ain't easy, especially an extended segment! great job!
he's going to stand up there and demand hillary apologize for it. media will protect his lies.
if he does the campaign needs to come back hard on him
members: does monday at mcfadden's before the outing work for you to discuss next yrs schedule together? start picking potential home dates.
just make sure the 7 line goes to seattle next year
data were stored on a hard drive, locked in a chest, &amp; buried near boston. see treasure map for details (sup fig 7e)
you joke but there's a key in my old desk to a storeroom in the basement across from biolabs building ops....
announcement! :) and i started a new company, ! check us out:
congratulations!
lol yea but still wish i had off
happy birthday to loyal &amp; listener, !!! i sure hope wishes her one, too.
(2) has not paid 1000s of employees what they were owed and lied to ppl about trump university. he's the worst.
imagine what he will do to the white house if he wins. what country would he sells it to
anything that limits your expression is ungodly. period.
religion is an ungodly, man-made beast. religion divides so many. god would never.
after the first week in space, has traveled 10,599,442 miles (17,058,149 km) and is 1,989,100 miles (3,201,147 km) from earth
thank you dante!!!!! many following the mission, and once a week updates like this are great... thank you!!!
middle school poetry and btw my dad is v much alive and i don't have a little brother lol
for those requesting "to live in fear" - happy friday from 12-year-old me
afd's petry bashes 'mutti merkel' over childlessness via
there is a reason why self-elected childlessness was viewed as a deviant behavior by healthy societies.
chelsea: "if my mom wins, i will take her place on clinton foundation board to eliminate conflict of interest"
when will she be at carolines?
msm is being suckered into chasing birther stories. force trump to respond to questions he cant answer rather than those he won't answer
if you were on the ticket, with the exception of a few nba team loyalists, we might have approached a unanimous, potus landslide.
bayer buying , still evil and deadly. causing toxic green algae in florida
hrc supports monsanto.
i truly truly feel bad for you bills fans you guys can't catch a break.
don't feel bad for us. we chose to wade in this mess.
tip for my media friends: cover his press conference today and don't mention it was at his new hotel in dc. watch the infantile fury.
thought he doesn't care about his business. using campaign to promote. insane.
why? most voters are idiots and he knows he can run you around breathlessly reporting on every dump he takes.
you went further out on the limb last week, and now he's sawing it off behind you. that's the reason for this tweet.
maybe he hasn't insulted you directly, but that shouldn't let him off the hook. and in fact, he has attacked women.
you're right, he hasn't insulted me directly but his missteps r more due to his political incorrectness not insincerity.
trump jr. insists his father denounced birtherism despite recent dodge
fruit doesn't fall from the tree!' another con learned from his father !
don't encourage my bad decision making
won't encourage but ill support it
congrats! but now you need a new nemesis bird according to
don't worry, i'm on it: kentucky warbler.
its not about money, obama does not get extra cash for doing what he does, the system itself is fucked.
this system is made up of people. he bears responsibility.
that's terrible! i learned you have to deal with it and not ignore it,it's stressful but it won't go away on its own
good morning beautiful
just a simple advice. go to their website and use them, decide and then again use whichever you like.
thanks. used both but still cant decide
trump can make fun of the injury that took sight in my eye-i've dealt with tougher opponents. with my good eye, i see trump is a con-artist.
please read.
your bond and loyalty with your brothers should never be broken over a dollar bill... ghost
i agree bro
many great discoveries and advancements in history had no physical form, like gravity. it doesn't make it unverifiable.
right. but data isn't how these type of advancements (shifts) are verified.
double shooting in is there- in &amp; has forecast traffic
i don't love news stories today but still love you guys for doing them!
i personally want to see and together, i find their personalities so opposite, but opposites always attract !
- she was never anything but nice to me &amp; even came out to support me years ago!
whenever you are confronted with an opponent. conquer him with love.
it really works!
we value your follow, folks! good luck to you! visit us for good music, books, great photos, ideas at
we're grateful for the retweet, friends! we have goodies! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" at
i get to see live tonight! i am beyond excited. i am beyond jazzed. i am beyond pumped. i am b e y o n d
dean likes vulfpeck?? no way!
to be fair, panders to everyone.
yet another reason why should give me his job, at least for a week!
public school districts in la told they cannot punish students who refuse to stand for the pledge of allegiance.. must protect their rights
when i was in school. if you didn't stand for the pledge of allegiance in school. i wouldn't be able to sit when i got home.
once you have a clot, you take blood thinners - for life normally! pneumonia also kills a lot of people daily!
there are many types of pneumonia, most curable &amp; hers was mild so she is healthy now.
way ahead of you
so jealous, what timing!
good morning, !!
oh good morning
clinton needs her base to turn out, so what does she do? talk to republicans. unreal. she's a train wreck. her campaign is pathetic.
republicans who've hated her for 25 years are suddenly going to vote for her. keep blaming bernie ffs! cannot wait for elex to end!
going to zmax dragway today! bossman got suite tickets, should be fun!!
that will be awesome!!!
trump teases "big announcement" on obama citizenship today at opening of dc hotel:
i don't give a rat's patootie what thinks of citizenship now or back when he started this ridiculous bs
here's how the chevy bolt really compares to tesla
except tesla model 3 will never hit peak production and everyone knows it. musk lies.
this was trump's response when asked how he plans to replace obamacare unfu*^%#%believable
it's the spastic narcissist version of "the dog ate my healthcare plan."
you still got like 2 weeks. i still hope i win meet and greet tickets with rihanna, then you can have my regular one.
i'd love to see a pic of you kissing her on the cheek. you know she'd be like, "sure, let's do this!"
and i think you know what friend i'm talking about lmao
yep! you should trade with him.
this dude can 100% parkour to the high line from his apartment.
the dream tbh
greece needs to be honest about the numbers
8 is more in keeping with a great nation is is.
i don't love news stories today but still love you guys for doing them!
thanks jeffrey- have a great weekend!
also the wrong rookie qb in 2015. the truth shall emerge this season, oh roberty bob.
you didn't like either of them. but i'll take my chances. both are going to be great.
just in: pelosi responds to trump's "birther" remarks: "the damage is done"
exactly, u can't backtrack this
im disappointed n i voted4 him&amp; felt that he just rolled over after rigged the election
bsanders has been in politics a long time and knows what a trump admin would look like. period.
definitely would like to but i have a few things that need to be committed to first. follow up in a week or two?
sounds great greg, chat soon!
stand up during the pledge or get out of my country thx!!!!!
do u mean the national anthem
literally don't feel like getting up and getting dressed right now
bitch if i'm already in a leo at dance, you can get your ass outta bed
what if he can't then ya not going or somthing?
nah we still out but i want us all to be there
exactly but i want to find the rest of the video to see all their reactions lol
he said "i'm a sex symbol" i can't and clearly we stalk his and
once you have a clot, you take blood thinners - for life normally! pneumonia also kills a lot of people daily!
heart disease is the number 1 killer &amp; trump takes meds for it.
6 us states have already seen snow! are you ready??
no! never ready for snow. prius isn't so good driving in it. need 4w drive!
hi3djd and o9qbsb for flight i5773 - sat, 06 aug from del to goi.
this matter has still not been sorted.
thank you for the wonderful experience. all set for the celebrations now :))
ubercool in white polka shirt+denims+fratini shoesyipyy...time for pujo shopping
unchained melanie
is that supposed to be unchained melody? has gone gone
but c'mon charley it's friday and we need to gleefully speculate about takeover targets
ha. they could still be right. just saying.
honestly a pretty big fan of ottessa moshfegh's anger levels.
excellent writer's tip: get hostile.
finding great joy in watching this older woman with impeccable style on the subway judge this 20 something with a shredded denim jacket on
she literally took her shades off just to size her up.
i just spent too much on a harley quinn costume...
but you're gonna look dope
quick paced conversation about setting up a meet. fastest way to kill it? ask him for a face pic. now silence for 4 days.
don't you hate that shit? a facepic request is not unreasonable!
sanders: i'll 'try to overcome my depression' if trump wins | getty
that new sports car you bought should help now shouldn't it ? fcuk that communism sh1t eh bern?
well, here's a hint. "medicaid isn't good enough, we need coverage from private, for-profit insurance companies!"
thanks for the "news" on health insurance from a non-profit associated with a giant insurance provider
im disappointed n i voted4 him&amp; felt that he just rolled over after rigged the election
i know that bsanders will hold hrc accountable everyday. we have the vote the greater good.
democrats don't think so, they can't understand intelligent speech. they only understand lying and cheating.
they want to believe a narrative so badly,it doesnt matter the words are empty-only that theyre said
because bernie hasn't done what he said he'd do, and the berniebots are continuing to trash hillary.
i am curious why you are not attacking gary johnson, the candidate youth say they will vote for?
shit to personal ... and feminine
it's as personal as you make it &amp; negative, i know tons of dude with it and they don't portray as feminine
hugs and thanks
thank you. have a great weekend :-)
really hope we don't have to put up with these guys at the . and here's why -&gt;
couldn't agree more. they seem to be having a good time but spoil it for others.
reading: the edge of everything then: after the fall sun is also a star lost stars
i'm so looking forward to after the fall and the sun is also a star, too! cannot wait!
my mom to me: "please consider growing your hair out" me to the hairdresser: "please make my hair shorter"
looks like you're ready to take on the germans and their pony tails next time they try and take nakatomi plaza
i love "lie to me too"...ahhh so happy you finally got to hear it.
literally just hit that song, this album is non-stop jams. amazing.
start anew now and move on.
if you really need an alternative then is a close runner up.
thanks jeffrey- have a great weekend!
you guys too. wish you were on weekends too but you need time off also.
ukrainian moonshuners v. 1.0
ukrainian monshiners v. 1.1
call your publicist.
then call your mom, it's that kind of day.
at least it's friday!
then i got pulled over while texting my parents about the accident!!
wow liberals are insane and kinda creepy
you think that's insane &amp; creepy? man, what do you think of trump mocking the disabled and saying he'd date his daughter?
it's crazy cause last week before the jets played i needed a rb and he asked me if i wanted him and i said no it's ok
omg!!! maybe better off. don't want to change the good karma right now.
how we getting out there?
lmaooooo , i don't mind driving but i don't have that much space
that is what we tell you guys, to not hurt feelings.
that's hilarious !
democrats don't think so, they can't understand intelligent speech. they only understand lying and cheating.
psychologically,the tactics they're using are powerful. hillary is so debilitated she's only a prop
how we getting out there?
we gonna have to take a few cars
he said he don't see color or race either.
anyone can have straight hair. straight hair is all genetics. you can't appropriate genetics. fuck outta here.
dragging the press to your new hotel to update us on a mistruth you tell about the president...what's press's obligation here?
do your jobs and point out that he is lying might be a place to start.
trump talking up medicaid as a means of replacing some of obamacare. i can't imagine his party embracing this.
the problem is you sam! you continue to divide america rather than solutions &amp; viable compromises.
traitors oo! the trump is needed for balance. apparently hilary has pneumonia! are there any talks of conceding?
balance? ha! u want a bigot for balancekilling me dude!hillary ain't going nowhere! fyi not that i like that female.
so i think it's safe to say that walk off home run and the announcement of is the definition of a exceptional thursday.
also, i think it must be said that my next hat in my collection should be pink.
democrats don't think so, they can't understand intelligent speech. they only understand lying and cheating.
but it doesn't matter.make her look good when she is seen and have the right things said on tv &amp; sm
saw this and it strikes me as exactly the type of thing people are mad about when they say there's false equivalency
this type of vapid chatter is really confined to cable filling hours. lots of other media doing strong, critical coverage of born candidates
i'm totally happy to. the bernie brigade seems to disagree.
maybe, just maybe could try disdaining youth from voting gary johnson, the actual threat.
i'm so hesitant on tickets cuz idk if genbeauty is gonna be too much
i always pick one makeup showcase a year like i can't do imats and the makeup show its too much
????? go home troll. again were is you're proof to back up those statements
don't you read a sngle newspaper? bill was impeached for lying to congress abt it?
lmfaooo i peeped that
did u bring the cookies
saw this and it strikes me as exactly the type of thing people are mad about when they say there's false equivalency
this type of vapid chatter is really confined to cable filling hours. lots of other media doing strong, critical coverage of both candidates
i'm grateful for the follow, adam! good luck! visit us for good music, books, great pics, ideas:
thanks for the , david! visit us for good books, great pics &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music:
this is the stupidest thing i have ever heard. and why is it only the left keeps bringing racists up?
when you deny the legitimacy of the first black president, it does not look like an accident--only a dog whistle
i disagree that this is brilliant. she is showing her hand for debate. their campaign is a .
i don't think she'll do the debates
she's a corrupt liar. if you're so easily taken in by a slogan then you deserve her.
america doesn't deserve a traitor like trump who loves dictators &amp; lies habitually. politicususa
boys round here or something else?
just the crowd ...
it seems that the smurfs might have a new slur for us? rad bulls/rad birds? i mean, ok, sure
i love "rad" unironically. rad bulls rules. gonna star calling them that.
i disagree that this is brilliant. she is showing her hand for debate. their campaign is a .
how do they benefit from that?
did you get this figured out?
no, i went to sleep and haven't turned my computer back on yet.
so picks tim kaine, courts neocons/big $ gop, says nothing on &amp; now fighting 4 millennials?
f'ing ridiculous. they just don't get it do they?!
i love being there for people even though nobody is ever there for me
story of my life
reading: the edge of everything then: after the fall sun is also a star lost stars
i'm so psyched to read those exact books (i mean, not mine, but theirs)! cannot wait!
this type of vapid chatter is really confined to cable filling hours. lots of other media doing strong, critical coverage of both candidates
so, if you're angry about 2016 coverage, i might suggest watching less tv and reading more.
remember we have the van but niggas gotta chip in for gas and parking you dig?
lmao same for whoever rides w me
wow, cool looking spider on 4th floor window at arm.
giant killer spiders?
it's all come down to this.
nice jimmy. rub the head of the guy who is going to end the world.
burn it
nah bruh he's my exterminator.
we appreciate your , kari! we have lots of goodies for you! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" at
i value your retweet, kari! visit us for good books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music at
don't be embarrassed by your boldness, nor ashamed of your tenderness.
exquisite. sharing this a billion times, with a billion different righteous women. blessings. &lt;3
..good morning alysha have a great weekend and good luck too your teams this weekend and
awww thanks for the good luck tweet! have a wonderful wknd!
hahahahaha wahhhhh! i miss bk and our office nights! with hummus and carrots hahahaah
long runnnns, trader joes, and bare burger. i only miss two out of three of those
so, if you're angry about 2016 coverage, i might suggest watching less tv and reading more.
don't turn to the dave barry's and matt lauers of the world looking for substantive election coverage
burger time!
how was it??
the only way it isn't if it is due to aspiration and that means parkinsons. they are stuck.
yes and dt sees a doc who says he is healthiest ever. check? could he even arm wrestle ?
i want to learn a martial art!
triple axel?
you aren't a little upset about that one elderly woman who was mobbed at one of his rallies this week? typical of his events.
he can't control actions of others who say they r in support. if that were true, hrc supporters have 2b held 2same standard.
this is what fenway park looks like the morning after a walkoff win
i can still hear the crowd. it echoes around the park until the next game
i remember when some guy liked me and we went outside and he was shivering and i told him to get a jacket even tho i had one on my arm
we both are now very gay
iphone nerds i need an opinion: if going for jet black (yes i know, so shiny) which color case among these?
where's the headphone jack? xp
stop checking for me and worry about your mf self bitch!
uh huh i thought so.
i mean seriously imagine not being hyped for this for several reasons both good and bad
lucha as an in ring thing is bad in a not funny way.
dying watching the newscast . are off the rails today! it's why i love them &amp; ktla!
excatly berto!!!!! get the good sunshine before the sun even rises
the governor of kentucky said patriots might have to "shed blood" if clinton is elected via //goofball!
you can bet it wont be his blood.
people that wear open toed sandals/flip flops to the airport are a different breed of ew
where r u going?
"guarantees a whole lot of follow up" is pretty optimistic based on what we've seen the last few months
trump has has so much bad press, but i could see an argument for it being more shallow.
ok but like imagine having ur right foot in gakus ass and the other foot in yamatos so its like yamato and gaku are ur shoes and u walk,
i'm the person who has my foot shoved up gaku's ass
again? trouble for the congress in arunachal, 44 mlas led by pema khandu merge with the people's party
stopped watching politics.. no comment..
in my opinion he or hillary are not the greater good anymore. as a democrat i cant do that
we need you to vote for hrc and hold her and your local elected officials accountable.
s/o to you guys for using my topic on today's posted show, and a huge thank you!!! and always, go steelers!!
great question! keep em coming
celebrity voice: greg t thought he heard morgan freeman ordering a coffee, but it was a random guy. do you have a famous voice?
i sound like marvin the martian
chilly in the morning good in the afternoon all depends on the person but if get cold easily 70 is on the chilly side
thank you
as med records aren't a matter of course for potus campaigns-who knows how many took blood thinners?
and trump didn't show med report from a reputable doctor. his dr. settled malpractice suit.
solo. lia and tami will be there. retreat will be "awaken the goddess within". i'll noodle with you for marketing for sure.
awesome. what dates are you looking @?
puffy, i hope you kill them in the thre3style competition!!!
thanks bro!!!
you will kick some butt!!!
too funny. i can't even do those moves! lol, thanks for the support.
just announced tlc tour ft + more! 10/3 - columbus, oh tickets:
10/3 -columbus, oh
so, how was your thursday night?
aahhh mad an early arrival! mazel! enjoy
watching on twitter is interesting. would love to hear &amp; view on how this could be used in sports marketing
interesting, indeed. we'll definitely bring it up
congrats brother! hope you win in chile!
i hope so too bro haha! thanks b
fyi. here's a picture of me snuggling a cute puppy.
i love this!
mine still says my software is up to date and doesnt have any more updates showing up??
software will say the same. carrier version should change to 25.2
*challenge.
use your words brian
from one new yorker to another, you made one hell of an album! can't wait for 9/30.
haha thanks are you coming to the show tonight?
in my opinion he or hillary are not the greater good anymore. as a democrat i cant do that
it's not about hrc. it's the supreme court, obamacare, security, fda, eda, nato..come on billie
starting the weekend right w/
fox news ladies are so good looking and do an excellent job
trump teases "big announcement" on obama citizenship today at opening of dc hotel:
screw trump and his announcement.
"you can let me catch these or you can catch these ... what it's gone be?!?!"
fuck all that i just snap on them thru text have them looking at they phones confused.
it was her hustle. she had a full time job that paid well she said
she could have gotten a part time job at macy's
the words "pony roll" verbally matched with the protein shake image inside my brain.
what is.....a pony roll
stop checking for me and worry about your mf self bitch!
lol obsessed ctfu its ridiculous how much u talk but never say shiy to chelse. bitch ur pathetic
and as a result of birtherism, 40% of trump supporters believe obama was not born in the u.s.
more likely as a result of bigotry and/or poor education
what's new on heinz field menu? franco's sausages, $15 fries, pork on pork sandwich
franco looks like he can still strap on the pads.
you listened to schmilco yet?
about 5 times since yesterday hahah. i like it a lot.
what did i say the other day about how the left needs more crackpots in order to catch up w/ rw nuts? found one
history: 9/11: 3,000 dead. iraq: 4,500+ dead, katrina fiasco, 2007 recession. trump advised by same conservative ideologues.
aww...wish i could,especially with paddles standing by sure you'll do great! up for a hike tho?
well, figured since he "conned" me into it, he could save me when i pass out! he is a dr. afterall!
no. worth checking out?
yes! i'm not sure if/when video will be available online. but it was incredibly powerful.
"big deal, she had pneumonia. people get it all the time"
you probably gave her the clap bill!
happy birthday gab hope u have the best day, keep killin it love u always
thanks girly love you lots
i applaud you if you are awake now, functioning, &amp; your eyes aren't burning.
you need an eye doctor for the eye part of that statement
the not so veiled threat embedded in this section of brooks' column is chilling: "get in line or be hung out to dry"
i was hoping this was satire when i started it
it's disingenuous as is her entire campaign. mook is a bumbling idiot.
disingenuous are the clinton lives. it is her turn to be a used meat puppet
this lady just called to check in right now???? like check in is at 3 lady
must be something going around today people are crazy this morning
enjoy alone shey next time put me in your hand luggage
lool pele! a holiday was so needed next time i'll smuggle you
trump has now shot ahead in latest poll by 8 points over clinton in swingstate iowa. is everyone sending hillary's campaign some ideas?
here's an idea: don't run for president when millions of citizens don't trust you!
"embrace fear, insecurity and uncertainty as the doorways of opportunity that they are."~jenny blake
f alse e vidence a ppearing r eal
some us kids golfers practicing on the putting green on this beautiful labor day weekend! ...
on the course with the team
diane james is the new ukip leader. no, me neither.
ukip is that the same as "one ugly bitch?"
hillary clinton says donald trump is running a "deplorable campaign"
stop trying to deflect your hatred onto trump! the only deplorable is you !!
what are you doing? have you found a way of doing pictures with scheduled tweets?
well spotted. i'm writing my blog and the only way i can find to transfer pictures between my devices is to tweet/delete them
stop checking for me and worry about your mf self bitch!
next time u tag me bitch dnt hide.. other then that u have a good morning scary hoe
i hate it when hotels have body wash instead of bars of soap.
whoa. i'm the opposite. why hate the body wash?
one month. never thought i could get so lucky
love youu
sanders: i'll 'try to overcome my depression' if trump wins | getty
my payments from hillary will stop
actually, they're both the same being. hillary s just good at watching her mouth.
politicususa &amp; polifacts say he lies 80+% but hillary rarely does.
we definitely want to make sure that you're all set to go. are you looking at upgrading or starting new service? ^ar
hi! thanks. if i cancel my apple order, will that enable me to order through vz? possible to get same ship date apple gave me?
don't feel bad for us. we chose to wade in this mess.
it's been so long though lol 16 years and it's not getting better.
send your week 2 questions using . he'll answer here at 11a et, powered by .
.5 ppr: gore or fuller?
he's screwed either way. i already went through the financials with babs.
are you representing him in the divorce? haha
it's all good ,g
dafuqs going on heeeere? btw it's in the 50's this morning
hey lynn, this i found here. next month ask mom for more
oh you are so cute! &amp; that smile is wonderful!!!
this is the reason why mat lauer went hard on her and this is the reason would you still vote
wow so you really want to vote for hillary after all this.. do you guys have a soul left!!
imo larger european cage standards where chicken can move around spread wings etc is better then cage free.
my birds roam fields all day and go inside at night
to attack is to legitimize him. that's worse than clinton or trump to all the party leaders.
winning 26% of the youth vote has already legitimized gary johnson.
we want to stay high off fantasy and rap and entertainment world is el chapo
all you get out of a false narrative is confusion
bad choice of words from me
haha okay. scared me for a sex
can you imagine if i gave an entire keynote speech defending myself from something someone said about me one time?
"i stand before you today to tell you, that blogger was wrong, dammit."
ivanka trump fires back at cosmo after heated interview
daddy's little girl.
starting to be a sunami of support for our next president love it love it love it thank you america!
thank you america you won't be disappointed
liberal millennials voting third-party tell me why they won't feel bad if they help trump:
i hads sds friends in 70's said same thing. wound up voting fir reagan.
bad choice of words from me
haha okay, scared me for a sec.
so i picked the wrong night 2 stop by on the way home from 4 back 2 back shoots w/ fake blood stained hands!
scary! glad you are safe.
i wouldn't bother to lift my leg to piss on scarryreid says my dog
your dog needs better training. harry reid is the one person he should piss on. your dog is deplorable!! :)
again, birtherism isnt factual error. it's conscious racist agitation. you don't skate on that history by dropping the narrow factual claim.
will be interesting to see who lets him off the hook easy and who sees the tactics for what they are.
happy birthday !
thanks buddy
there is viable deal to be made if team wants to stay in oak - to much to say on - have shared views on radio/tv, may do so again.
what to you feel al would do
the latest polls:
wondering how millennials are contacted. i can't even get mine to answer the phone/text/email.
but people in general are no longer impressed by death.
veganism has to take multiple aspects on to be successful. plus fighting hegemony.
thank you for the feature!
thanks for contributing!
i was just telling myself next time in nyc i need to use lyft
lmfaoo it's just so much easier to take the train though but when **** paying imma just use it
bbc on mayo here. don't think i heard about this curse until about 3yrs ago.
getting nervous yet ?
thanks -- i'll check it out!
craig, let us know if we can help!
i'm tired of horror movies doing that, i look in my bathroom medicine cabinet and when i close it the killer is behind me, thing.
my parents have a mirror inside the medicine cabinet too cause we dont fuck with that
pun intended?
it wasn't but now it is!
bit late in the season, yes?
beach front houses rent for $5,000/week prime season. down around $1,500 off season so they rent well into october usually.
instead of being annoyed at fallon, be annoyed to live in a country where too many people make political decisions based on entertainment
trying to figure out the difference in this case
good morning feeling any better?
morning hun and not at all. just left work because i was dizzy as fuck and i was naseousness and stuff
good times!
the best don't send a dead biscuit to the kitchen
ehh, did you watch the ranch?
no, is it on netflix? what is is about?
these young girls leavng the house with very tiny clothing,where is their mother when they leave the house? im sure they will be preg at 16
sad.. what's wrong with society today saying this is cool.. smh
let's make america great again. show your support. shop now!
shut the fuck up old man
morning bro lol
what's happening?
thanks for the shout out. have a great weekend. :-)
you're welcome, sheila! thank you for your wishes and you have a grand weekend as well! :-)
bitch nobody is worried about you you blocked on all my social media &amp; you still look for anyway to get in contact w/ me
bitch. like i said block all u want but the moral of yhe story is stop hidin behind social media if its a problem period
if my child can competently play the likes of dominion and takenoko, is he ready for terraforming mars?
terraforming mars is ages 12+, but i always think that, for smart "gamer kids", you can subtract 2 years.
i mean, trump *should* disavow it, of course. but it's not like all is instantly forgotten once he says the words.
whats trump expect obama to say "thanks"?
"i stand before you today to tell you, that blogger was wrong, dammit."
"i want to use 45 minutes of this hour to tell you exactly why. the last 15 minutes will be appropriative call and response."
why does it have to be liek this when it can be like this gaku ahs a wide assho
if his asshole is wide enough surely it can fit my smallass foot inside
. your opinion is kids would like older rides better; i show you they like the newer ride better, you say "because it's new"?!
wow the bills are looking bad but its still early in the year so they can get it together
straight people news facebook live videos doing push-ups to raise awareness of ptsd
straight people news
i also woke up a full hour earlier than i normally am able to; my life's fuckin falling apart man
yeah, it's lonely, and i've been drinking tea and taking unisom to try and get to sleep
hey i was wondering if you can send me michael in the bathroom sheet music i plan to sing that for a competition :)
. if you hit me up at joe.com i can send you details about how to go about buying it! thanks for digging the tune.
driverless cars get real test: boston via
&gt; luckily they don't have to take their "eyes" off the road to consult the map
they ain't shippin mine out until november smh
went to the verizon store by my house. dude said they got none. but ima just wait and see wsup.
what if he has a ranking of his best friends and uma's above you
also how long has this wikipedia edit been there lol
no one told me there would be days like this. the endo says 'catastrophic' as they can't prescribe what's gone 4now
it is not my imagination(sic) a seasonal shortage every frigging year!
is this the year? 5 reasons the chicago can win the .
fuck the cubs billy goat still alive !
help us wish ashley a very happy birthday!!
happy birthday!
except not even close
1 of trump's latest lies:says he's 6'3.nope.jeb is 6'3. look.
yeah bitch , you love me. lets be friends hoe
its cute how much u try n mimic me. but i take it as u dnt want a problem so hit me wen u do
vengeance because exposed them. - and some - fight clemency campaign
snowden in moscow. winter is coming.
i feel like i'd end up with someone idc about tho...like demi or taylor or someone like that
right ! lmfaoo then i be really mad
for the better good, sometime you gotta let evil bigot do his thing. the big picture umaythaa!
ya destroy the status quo&amp;start fresh.no latinos,no black folks,no asian&amp;pacific islanders!just the white jesus folks
damn. didn't realize it's that serious! hespect.
totally worth it. there are other people out here with me talking. hyped
sadly, the public thinks that 2 stories or people reported on together means they are equivalent. :(
trump is in a class by himself, and it is a failing class of lies, hate, corruption, &amp; shady deals
wake on lift ftl
i like it, actually. on the other hand, i'd like to remove that "apps" button from messages.
ucla with rosen. despite his early season struggles
may be the better team this year but none of their players have the following of greats
flint pastor rev. faith green timmons explains why she interrupted speech
it was preplanned one of which jesus had nothing to do with
g'morning billy &amp; friends. have a
happy friday lovelies!!
does any of the stores have the jet black plus?
not too sure. they dont want to tell anyone.
excellent on why trump is making a race of it: the race is not about government, it's about the nation.
don't you have any qualms about touting family members without disclosure?
the only purpose for allowing people to vote without id is to make it easier to commit election fraud
you know it!
i defer to on that one.
data is at the heart of a lot of what we do :d
small world! excited to meet you this wkd.
yay! can't wait to meet you, too. congrats on your awesome husband!!
williamsburg apple store reps say plenty of apple watch series 2 avail for walk-in today. advised i come back at 10.
why wouldn't you just wait until 10? confused.
and it feels great outside. and i'm wearing pink. and it's friday. good vibes lol
oh snap it's day, too.
actually it's digging in nick , playing low &amp; slow, very tough on both big guys lots of bending, grinding.
yeah you're right it doesn't seem to be as fast i originally thought
of course going to say he was bitusa.but hard to see how suspense helps unless can't shake belief all publicity good
you think his position is a net vote loser? maybe your bogus analysis of primaries disqualifies you from being taken seriously?
oh and pro wrestling.
did somebody say pro wrestling
i guess i always assumed all the rest got eaten first... (didn't actually watch)
unfortunately, they cut the fins off &amp; throw the shark back in the sea to die. it's horrible. plus some are endangered now.
hey if calling out privilege makes me an "unsupportive author" then you can see yourself to the unfollow button. i'm not stopping.
who did this.
. ranger's jimmy vesey is from harvard too.
so i've heard, but i don't follow hockey. therefore it's not important to me haha
i bet the song list is fire tho
eh, definitely a hit or miss. there's so much new shit that i'd rather hear.
i have never seen this on a wiki page so it must be special!
wait it's... not actually there?
if you could just sketch that out on a scroll, burn the edges a little, and mark the storeroom with an x - that would be great
just remember, in latin, "watson" starts with an "i"
twitter's the first to know this, but i have been thinking a lot about it the last few months. i think i want to be a vegetarian.
i started when my first kid was born, haven't regretted it since
go read some wikileak files. you might learn something about your beloved hillary, you mong
stupid, wikileaks emanates from russian hacked lies polifacts &amp; politicususa tells facts
this was indirectly tweeted at u be my sugar daddy
my real parents brought me!
my version should have been the duke of florence! have fixed! 2/2
always good to go over these things.
some phones have the home button broken. this update will force those owners to buy a new phone.
well that's lame. apple can never leave something alone. always making things more difficult.
i worked a couple festivals all the girls were practically nude &amp; drinking and on whatever. id kill my daughter if she did that
i have family members with daughters n they wouldn't allow that to there girls.. to me this is proof society as a whole sucks
for the one match i watch every two years?! no.
fair enough
it's 9 am me to a customer: have a good night!
yup i just did that too
advertising week's linkedin b2b forum will examine the 3 c's of b2b marketing: content, ...
cool. signing up.
if the borg queen were my new neighbor, i would _______.
call data or locutus to distract her...lol
hm. hopefully just a problem loading the data file and a reboot will solve it.
nope. it's not a huge deal but i use playlists to manage what i sync with each of my devices, so it's annoying.
donald trump on birther issue: "i'm going to make a big announcement on it today"
depending on how question is phrased is key: ask "do you really think trump's a bigot or is that a media invention" &amp; c what u get
: btw, your video ads automatically play, which it makes it impossible to start watch any articles you post with videos.
we do not allow those kinds of ads. do yo recall which ad it was on the blog?
he'll get credit for "putting the issue behind him." meanwhile will hillary even try to give a reason to be for her?
be for hillary because she's sure obama was born in the usa! usa has no other problems, so that's that!
reporters today covering trump don't forget to ask him why he questioned potus' admittance to harvard as well.
he said he is going to blame this on hrc today. said this on fox business this morning.
i bought a frozen pizza. good night.
the people want to know: how was it
i want no parts of anyone, much less a woman, who can drink everclear straight from the bottle. they clearly reckless and dangerous.
did this on my 15th birthday and almost got hit my two cars at the same time smh
the jets offense looks like it could sustain a wr3 or flex as a fantasy start, so does pittsburgh.
drop cmike for either? each better than dorsset?
i remember the days when yanks twitter thought betances was the greatest thing since sliced bread. boy, those were good times.
if only we still had miller and chapman...
but they talking bout chopped cheese lol ??
they were mentioning how cheap and affordable the chopped cheese is lol a bacon egg and cheese be four dollars in the city
been sleeping on edm these past couple of months. i'm back. the dj in me is back.
and the emo chick in me is back.
is trending right now... but why... it came out years ago
i know, right? of all things, it's in nyc... that's really freaking weird.
trump campaign praises trump for forcing first black president to produce his birth certificate to prove he's legit
. trump's racist father obviously passed his hate and rhetoric to little donald. time the media challenges fred's life.
i want no parts of anyone, much less a woman, who can drink everclear straight from the bottle. they clearly reckless and dangerous.
did this on my 15th birthday and almost got hit by two cars at the same time smh
just getting ready to head up to bakersfield to drop my trailer off for repairs. easy day, how bout you?
not bad at peets.. just antipication for the game..it's going to be fun
posing with 59th street team at signing at gallery event last night
look at this little latvian savage
happy fri harry
what's happening elgin?
pastor faith green timmons wasn't shakin' when she walked up to him &amp; checked him... he was the one shakin'
sorry i dont think so....but i know jesus her mentor told her to do that???na dont think so. she was waiting for him
i can imagine this situation pretty vividly
hahahahaha i hate children
does anyone know what this ride or rally was last night?
the protest ride you saw was this: too many &amp; deaths on our streets, too little action.
donald trump jr. on "gas chamber" remarks: "poor choice of words" but "i wasn't talking about the holocaust:"
like father like son!
how can you be so insensitive? police are shooting harambe's family down in the street and all you can think about is hurting joy
all your hate, anger, name calling, hollering about walls (which ain't getng bilt btw) beatng flks up at ur ralies ain't chngng
don't know how many times i gotta remind myself and others that
oh yeah emt squad
i feel this lmao
work just interferes w these train schedules man
"i hope a rainbow crashes into your house" omg
connect 4 was never that serious
walk off baby!!!
hanley has found a way to my heart this year. he's cute and funny! have to admit - i missed it live. couldn't take a loss and
is anyone else seeing this? mods??????
im 12 and what is this???
says the man without 5 homeless shelters in one area
one right across the street from my kids elementary school. i supported its expansion.
only 6 people a year globally biten by sharks. not something to really worry about
i know. don't care. it the sheer idea of it.
i think she's jk
overmyhead dot com :)
pointing out that while tim gunn's essay was a great call for more plus fashion, he made *multiple* refs to how + fashion should be slimming
and that crap about fashions he wouldn't *let* us wear? ugh.
thanks eaves xo
have i ever mentioned you have to be not to follow marlene ellis? for those of you that don't... get on it!!!
clinton calls flint pastor trump's latest target. "reverend faith green timmons is not a nervous mess."
a desperate reply from an evil person in the flesh!
this photo says it all - how witless america and the media have humored trump and encouraged his anti-american evil
now you insane libs are claiming trump is anti american?? bawhahahahaha
somebody always looks uber cool/hot in whatever he wears pujo is in the air,&amp;i miss kol most thistime of yr
i miss pujo shopping,adda &amp;decked up bride kol i guess,u wore the white shirt wit trousers,not denims, right?
are you back on pulgas already?
we are at afa 16 right by the pulgas gate bro
i'm going to agree to disagree on that.
you guys are crazy. so you use washcloths? gross!
do i want to go and find out?
yes you should watch it. a milestone in the normalization of racism, xenophobia, hatred...
nope. it's not a huge deal but i use playlists to manage what i sync with each of my devices, so it's annoying.
wait just kidding it lost my whole library, not just playlists. i have it, but i need to reimport which is annoying on many levels.
don't fuckin talk to me about wednesday or sunday or any of that shit friday is where it's at.
hey let's talk about wednesday
lol it got wild last night
imma need you to say three god bless mes after all of that
exciting news, congrats &amp; !
. thank you! we appreciate it.
stop reporting that trump now believes obama was born in the u.s.
trump's a on going problem for the united states he have 2 be stopped
happy belated birthday! i'm glad it was a fun one! :)
thank you! it was! and i needed it and this day off very badly!
new post: mlb insiders believe cespedes negotiations to begin at 4 years, $100m
i'd give him 4 for 100 without blinking.
the food is good
lol crazy a lot of ppl say that
"go to www.i suck dick for free.ugly// to get free ghetto leggings" haha
i can't i didn't know you could be greasy and krusty at the same time
hey bernard, do you happen to know whats the font for the bayern so4 hearts derby? thanks &lt;3
that beautimus font for the last name is called "val." don't you love it? so chubby!
you thought
be real wit yaself. u aint win no prize hoe lmao like i said wen u want it come get it dnt hide behind social media
i actually have old beef to address but ion have the clout right now to address it but it's been weighing on my mind tbh
momma ain't raise no bitch though! so clout or no clout!!!
my friend throwing a mid-autumn festival party on her rooftop to celebrate the china lunar year
i'm lowkey excited cuz i wanna experience other cultures
we have a little praying mantis that keeps coming back to our sunglasses rack every morning
no matter how many times we put him back in the flower pot 3 stores down
bill murray will be throwing down shots this weekend at his son's bar.
want to come down for this?
you guys! what are you excited about today!?!?
this 6:30am flight back to nyc! gotta see my !
come run in kansas city. it's actually much hillier than central park.
definitely - i used to run in leavenworth - tons of hills. central park's hills aren't that bad, they just took me by surprise!
who is this lmao
i think she's a commie
there's so much irk in your eyebrows
i was really irked that morning
fox news host threatens to sue cnn for slander
--- sean hannity is the biggest liar out there. worse than trump! still waiting for his waterboarding.
thanks to my top interactors! via
aww thanks love!!
i have a feeling phil is taking it again
same... kevin did the impossible though...
says the man without 5 homeless shelters in one area
when another opened in my district this year, i supported despite some loud early voices of opposition.
no, didn't "misstate key facts," he straight out told bald faced lies about rev. faith green timmons,...
a disgrace on the pastors part! he was respectful and attacked nobody. you want to stay depressed vote dem.
have you looked at hillary lately?
i have seen her but i am not a doctor and wouldn't go to one who makes patently false ridiculous claims in writing
remember: trump, the birther-in-chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records.
- you have done nothing but lie about all 6 months - you have nothing to run on, but lies for the gop !!!
yeah i cant wait!
me either.. looking forward to the tailgate.. i'm stoked.. n seeing a bunch of y'all is going to be great
we're looking for a house to rent in the winter n just found one thts $900 for a month rental this is gonna b a disaster
ooo, where, trying to do somethi g similar.
:( so long . you've been good to me.
lots of us use outlook here. it's a great app.
trump won't fully disavow his birther crap because too many of his followers really believe obama wasn't born in u.s.
i felt true shame that president obama felt the need to even react to this crap. i would've told them all to go to hell!
lmao why they on my dick lmfaoooo
they love you lmao
flint pastor: trump started to go beyond planned talking points
but if hillary had done that, she would have been freely allowed to speak. silencing a potus candidate is un-american!
yeah he should have made him open a pre-opened pickle jar instead.
sounds like it would fit in with trump's skill set
remember: trump, the birther-in-chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records.
- try to defend the 105k slimey ass muslims that pres oslimey wants to bring in next month. bullshit - we can't afford them
i have this man on my fantasy and couldn't have made a better choice..
same. 27 points! i knew they was gonna rely on him heavy this season
my iphone is in route!!!!!!
upgrading to the 5s finally?
i think its back. relevant and based on public knowledge,
wow how will the public ever know the truth about andre's best friends
anybody see last night, ? let me know
no, but can't wait!
i'm sure alot of patriotic missourians are thinking im glad i voted for you!?
were you dropped on your head as a child?
i'm looking for to help me on a project. anyone interested?
we have good experienced development team in opensource mainly php/mysql (lamp) based applications!
all your hate, anger, name calling, hollering about walls (which ain't getng bilt btw) beatng flks up at ur ralies ain't chngng
-- ur becoming a minority. and you people r so stupid. birther's economic pln gets pannd as being hrtfl to wrkng class and--
congrats on making it to the finals in .
thank you!!
no. i was tossing and turning. too hot too cold. woke up extra early. smh
son it was the blow idk if its the moon or whatever the fuck but like...
donald trump on birther issue: "i'm going to make a big announcement on it today"
trump's talking abt it b/c media is. loudmouth matthews using it to get ratings as he did w/abortion. media demeans the nation.
alternate between santi and elneny. but xhaka has to be first choice in there for me.
not disagreeing. just saying for the hull match, rest santi. won't mind coqxhaka, as long as aw has coq in his right spot
im on henny u know wat that means
can't drink henny anymore makes me angry
it's not, but next pay cheque will be!
there ya go
my husband is sick. which means i got no sleep last night.
i'm so sorry to hear! hope he's feeling better.
live hits at fan village. it's going to be a long day/night. but super fun
looks fun!! hope you're well
flint pastor: trump started to go beyond planned talking points
black voters want to learn about candidates, not have the facts hidden from them! like all voters! censorship is evil!
i will be when i'm watching it though!
cats lost the hurling so who knows maybe the dubs will lose..
: thinks he looks how old?
this just proves how confident he is, young mind, feeling good, great stamina, non-stop blue color candidate!
i agree. it's a challenge but there are a lot of educators actively working against that in their classrooms. that's hope.
absolutely - definitely need and continue to need people like you fighting the good fight
and what is a bar of soap going to do for you without a wash cloth? like a hammer without nails...or something
what? just use the bar of soap! body wash useless without washcloth (and gross with!)
says the man without 5 homeless shelters in one area
majority of community ultimately supportive, and welcomed the new residents.
these drawings are so interesting. love them. they tell a story in itself.
thanks they are from each chapter page
i assume the files are still there? sounds like a corrupt library file (or it lost track of it somehow). you should be able to....
yeah, files still there. but most recent itunes library.itl is from 2011. :/
remember: trump, the birther-in-chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records.
- what happened to the religion of peace - islam beheaded a 4 yr old girl and made her mom hold her. bullshit - fuck muslims
firefighter culture is weird. big differences when you move from the fire scene to a classroom.
you'd think most classrooms are churches with how much folks speak up in them. sure, no one wants to be the guy delaying class constantly...
donald trump on birther issue: "i'm going to make a big announcement on it today"
media makes the news, not politicians. politicians just say things. media turns it into news. it's flogging birther issue
mere weeks away from potential white nationalist president and here's the scene at nbc
where was matt lauer?
thank youuu! we're out here turning 30 something
def getting long in the tooth but we still some joints though
you know what i just remembered is a really good movie? computer chess
yessss, i really liked results, too. bujalski is just hitting his stride imo
gorgeous day at the flatiron building
what a treat! thank you.
people wanted to shit on bowles, but he's really something special. coached an excellent game looking down the barrel of 0-2.
losing to this goon 3 times in a row, would've been the first time i questioned bowles. i think we got something here with him
today already fuckin sucks
what's wrong
kudos to pastor faith green timmons - the msm should take serious notes for handling trump
how about taking notes on how he showed he respect and handled her ass
new research: the united states is "failing the test of competitiveness" thanks to a broken political system
: it's we the people who elect crazies.
i think i just spotted banksy and his disguise was terrible.
psht, i found him years ago in the first mighty ducks movie
oh whatttt i'm down
im about to just buy it on my credit card. lets get a group to go haha
new gallery with my favourite pictures from on my website.
love it! big fan!
you'd think most classrooms are churches with how much folks speak up in them. sure, no one wants to be the guy delaying class constantly...
but if the instructor asks a question- protip: you're supposed to speak up. share. "what is your air management policy? do you practice it?"
that's bullshit about teachers. my mother taught high school and proud union member. her students loved her.
instead of individuals i am talking about the system. finding the teacher who can change lives is rare. it shouldn't be.
"win a $250 gift card to saks". and use it on? a pack of gum?
if you catch them during one of their big sales, you can get a pair of blahniks honestly.
donald trump on birther issue: "i'm going to make a big announcement on it today"
you,cuomo, the phony blonde next to you, hrc, tapper, matthews, maddow &amp; ppl like that are the racists that constantly race-bait.
hi, ukyou. thanks for the ! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down at
we appreciate your , ukyou! visit us for good books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music at
if she doesn't do debates she loses election. it will be the final nail in her coffin.
i'm not sure i agree.remember,they only need plausible deniability.
remember: trump, the birther-in-chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records.
- you cannot defend this shit any more. you have broken more laws than any other woman on earth !!!!
if you want to see what is wrong with media coverage of this campaign look at the wall to wall on trump's birther history.
trump will spin this as his campaign has already started to dump stuff on clinton. lies dragged behind lies. which leads me to a question ..
i didn't realize you had that low of an opinion about teachers.
i have a very high opinion of the power of the great teacher. it is a miracle how they can change lives.
we do not allow those kinds of ads. do yo recall which ad it was on the blog?
also do you recall if it was desktop or mobile?
oh i know i agree, i was just saying going forward as coquelin has become a liability.
he was always a liability fwd..until this season, he sat back. aw seems to want him in a pressing role, we don't move togthr
hey, l.i.! join brian + 9/19 ahead of the first trump/clinton debate:
anxious only about the specter of a trump presidency.
having absolutely no support from anyone in my life about going into the art career field takes a toll worth way more than a dollar !!!!!
do ur thing girl
is dry shampoo a good or bad thing? cause if i shower in the morning i tend to feel sick afterwards and want to avoid that if i can.
i love dry shampoo so much, i swear by it because i don't wash my hair as often as i shower
who loves this lady?
me! i love her.
donald trump on birther issue: "i'm going to make a big announcement on it today"
i honestly think trump doesn't even notice the race of the person he's talking to...yes, that's what i really think frm watching him
if it's coming from a business, it's always "too good to be true" mike. short run vs long run.
yeah, you're right. was just thinking even with costing a little more, easing upgrade process would be worth it...
weird--why did barackobama sr. fail to list as his son in his 1961 ins application?
why does forget his youngest daughter in every speech?
father time remains undefeated. he has officially caught up with darrelle revis.
caught up last year. getting burned just confirms it. year with pats? ring and a shot knee.
if it's coming from a business, it's always "too good to be true" mike. short run vs long run.
but that doesn't appear to be the case
we gotta eliminate big plays on d man... have to
if we do that, won't matter who we play. we will have a chance every week and win some games
salty i'm not in any of these pics
do we really have a pic of the three of us
i hope the visual effects in the movie are better than on the poster.
i like the posters, but don't love the artwork. seems like flyers for a vacation spot on some of it!
no. i got a whole lotta nothing to do today. antelope steak for breakfast is my only plan.
at least there's a plan lol.
if she doesn't do debates she loses election. it will be the final nail in her coffin.
2 of 3 voting machines co.s are controlled by companies that support of clinton.didn't you see the email detailing it?
that's bullshit about teachers. my mother taught high school and proud union member. her students loved her.
a proud union member is just what every teacher should be. it's the system that stifles them. just like politicians.
hell yeah!!! ok im out for a bit ill ttyl bro, have a good day
you too.. will talk to you later for sure
this is a riot! and yes, i was a french horn player!
yep! but tenor sax isn't there so i'm out!
looking for a wordpress guru (a real person, preferably in kansas city) who can help a friend resolve a hack on a site i designed.
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
donald trump on birther issue: "i'm going to make a big announcement on it today"
and ppl who know him - even race conscious ppl like geraldo rivera - say he isn't a racist...so does cnn former star larry king
everyone, please join me in praying for boris to get terminal cancer.
as someone who just beat leukemia, i'm going to say this is too far.
. is the annotator genius needs, but not the one it deserves right now
shsbacwvwcahafagwhwgsgwheh
anything trump says today will just be an attempt to make white ppl feel okay voting for a racist. the rest of us are not so easily fooled.
let's just tustle his hair on tv to show he's an ok guy!!!
we need someone to be toby's testicle. i mean we have a phallus so why not the rest of the tackle?
alrighty then.. need to hose you guyz down
-- ur becoming a minority. and you people r so stupid. birther's economic pln gets pannd as being hrtfl to wrkng class and--
-- u fools deny reality starng u in the face and vote agnst ur own bst intersts. u do it cnstntly. dwn thru histry uv done it.
morning harry
so..what is going on time later
incredible to think about the infrastructure and bandwidth used by everyone retrieving their icloud backups on iphone launch day.
even more impressive is the infrastructure of everyone getting their iphones
bruschetta meets creamy chicken. by knorr
walmart is now owned by the chinese i'll never shop at walmart again
anxiety: all i have to do today is get up in two and a half hours, and then ride a train to albany. i can't sleep.
sleep will never come. i predict my best man speech at al's wedding tomorrow will be spoken in ancient tongues, at this rate.
ivanka trump fires back at cosmo after heated interview
why is cosmo more interested in trump rhetoric than in actual policies of his company? partisan agenda?
151 is the devil
but why would you do that? it's so bad
thanks for the 3 s &amp; your support, cellar bid! visit us for good music, books, great pics, ideas at
we value your &amp; support very much, cellar bid have a great weekend! spend some time with us at
look i get that some cops are bad and we need justice but you can't go around calling all cops murderers
i call all murderers murderers. from the home, to the street to the state: murder is murder. violence is violence
my check from starbucks was almost $500. that's a first.
dang man you musta ordered for tha whole store!!!!
remember: trump, the birther-in-chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records.
- this illegal sham you called the clinton foundation will get shut down soon.
agree. policy not priority when protest-voting.
i want my trophy. i deserve a trophy.
to be a teenager in coventry hey
'twas a luxe kinda living
it's the after that worries me, had a bad experience with my first one smh
i mean all bodies are different i took two out , and went to work after.. just take the tooth out big baby
mo firearms trainer caught forging papers documenting req'd training for concealed carriers? repeal the requirement!
no training is required. any small child can fire a handgun. why does anyone need training?
oh i save it for him all the time thats why we have a daughter now
ur pathetic striving to a nigga bm do bad ctfu i cant even smh like i said once again u want it u can get it
such a tease ... @...
we gotta hang while your here
entire san francisco high school football team kneels for national anthem
have the police addressed their policy of shooting first in order to minimize all risk to insure they are safe? didn't think so.
harry reid needs to die off he is worthless
sadly, the devil can't die
i be trying smoke n get up in u again lol i need that good good
billlll i need a fan break if its that good
. some "women of color" have straight hair. those that straighten is bc they're taught that's "beauty"
. so don't be so damn dismissive and consider hiring women of color next time. or just use women with stringy blonde hair.
donald trump on birther issue: "i'm going to make a big announcement on it today"
actually race conscious is the best description. you, cuomo, are race conscious. trump isn't. you probably could test that w/f-mri
bruschetta meets creamy chicken. by knorr
why hasn't it been announced to america that walmart is now owned by the chinese why because if americans boycott
good morning goddess! come out and support on her album release party if you are able!
i would def. i won't be in ny, unfortunately.
these fishermen say obama's new ocean preserve will leave them high and dry
and overfishing wont?
where all the bills fans at?
crying, obviously.
since ed told me she was stepping down, i've wondered how i'm going to continue...
great advice. words of wisdom we will all live by at !
thank you for sending me my spirit animal this fine friday morning...
you love animals too
whaddayou think is it? tuesday? it's friday, idiot.
is that chorizo?
check out what he did for environment despite having ties to automotive industry.
dingle is like one of those great teachers. a gift. but gifts only rarely change the world. system changes, change the world.
, find jesus
at the cheese counter
i haven't even used my old account in like 3 days lmdosoaksjdkeem
i have never seen a group of people hate someone so much. you're truly iconic.
7am is league regulation time for preparing taco meat
this is what i get for scrolling downwards on my tweets in reverse chronological order :-(
donald trump on birther issue: "i'm going to make a big announcement on it today"
why doesn't cnn offer to do f-mri rests - - it's got the money....see who would accept....done by independent ppl of course. would u
your retweet &amp; are appreciated, antwan! please follow back! we have music, books, photos, ideas at
, grazie, gracias, danka, merci, spoceba &amp; thanks for the , antwan! we have music, books.
happy birthday anne
thank you bar
we are better when we keep our shape as with xhaka and santi we have the ability to play quick passes to counter.
yeah i think we agree. i just hope aw gets better tactically. he's causing great imbalance in the side.
trump will spin this as his campaign has already started to dump stuff on clinton. lies dragged behind lies. which leads me to a question ..
how is this news? well, it isn't. thank you news media. if you think the war in iraq destabilized the middle east wait until trump weighs in
harlem morning! " you woke up breathing for a reason" have a blessed day
good morning beautiful. we made it to friday. have a fabulous weekend.
too many coddled in their safe zone. time for a field trip to paris or germany!
are all college students that uninformed? her education is a waste of money.
happy birthday anne
totally meant bae* lmao
who are you again?
future scout, after going thru obedience school i grew opposable thumbs; first thing that made sense was to join twitter
ahhh gotcha, didn't even know they had one lol
which u using
&amp; if you're still breathing, you're the lucky ones cause most of us are heaving through corrupted lungs setting fire to our insides for fun
collecting names of the lovers that went wrong the lovers that went wrong. -
can you even imagine the convo. todd why didn't you go for 2 up 12 w 4 minutes left. uhhhhhhhh
i dont think a single reporter asked him that question in the post game.
i'm listening to "hold tight" by on .
bishhhh was a keke the other night w miss you
lmao the more you sleep the more tired you feel!
lmao oh yeahh, sorry i was out of it just now
if you told me it was 17 points, and another 7 when playing catch-up in the final minute down two scores i wouldn't.
the points were garbage football. there was no established offense last night.
s&amp;p 500 median price to sales ratio 2.3 in record territory - matters while it may be ignored short term
the bull is living on false hopes for sure. time will tell.
i get a lot of them following me. it's just awkward lol
it's cuz you're so frickin beautiful! lol
happy to see this, paladins has come a long way since closed beta, looking forward to playing it some more now.
looks very similar to overwatch...
looking for an expert coder. know someone?
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
i really detest this election cycle.
you're not alone tho i'm not in a contestable state. i can't imagine what you and ppl in ohio, florida and virginia go thru.
omg i can't be any more jealous right now. enjoy! cc
yes! my fav! so. jealous.
birth of the dragon - bruce lee
somebody...shoot...me...
nothing is sacred
see, we jews acknowledge jesus yamato existed, and he was a well-intentioned pilot, but he wasn't our messiah
i know right?! they would just take over ratings, on another time slot on the tele. #
it would be fabulous single g
studied and went to bed early instead of watching the second half of the bills game. smart move esther, so adult so responsible
and you say i was weak?!?!
this is gorgeous and true and right
thank you!!
thanks for the , carly &amp; martina! visit us for books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra at
thanks for the , friends! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down:
hi twitter, i'm back!
- welcome back, we missed you!!!
you want to understand the alt-right? read this. via
what's to understand? pres. obama made it clear with his "god, guns and gays" comment. how prescient.
i'll be back in ny october 15-18
oh my pre birthday? yassssssss
besides, kritter is still asleep and i am in a good mood.
we don't want to disturb the harmony then
massive 21 minute speech by crooked hillary yesterday. outstanding! if went 30 minutes or less- msm would have a field day.
she is not well enough to do more.
yes black ppl, keep voting dem; stay stupid. enjoy the lies and ruined cities.
or you, the outright bigotry from the gop
no, the plan is to stop us from becoming a minority. you speak of it as if it were written in stone. but we can stop it.
ur an idiot. an idiot drowning in denial. rational white folks realize it ain't the end of the world. so enlighten me how are --
a downside of twitter is that i have a character limit and can't point out all the factually incorrect things here:
maybe donald trump is rich on money but the sad fool is poor on everything else his kids follow
same!!!!!!!!!! you coming to this?
of course its my last webster night before i move!
remember: trump, the birther-in-chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records.
- there is no way that you can get away with all the laws you have broken and lying to american moms
i don't want to die so it would be nice if single payer were a thing
:((( i'm sorry, i have felt this too
thanks for your &amp; your continuing support, folks! have a great weekend! visit us for goodies!
thanks for the , 3rdthought! we have goodies! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" now at
very nice meeting you last night! any chance you could send a copy of that selfie? my wife is dying to see it!
i wish you could see the contempt in my eyes
i should get it and ball you up, son!
you should get it.
these are all ugly pics of me wow :(
that's not possible because you're literally beautiful all the time
oh noooo the next chainsmokers song is w/ chris martin?? god save us all!!
that's insane
derrick rose allegedly testified he doesn't know what the word "consent" means &amp; other new developments in lawsuit:
nice job of prep by his lawyer.
a big thanks to our manchester team. you guys are the best!!!
yeah foreign sports team!
you did great! thank you so much
thank you... enjoy that hat my love
apple won't even let me get in line until my reservation window opens. much different from last year.
they have your name on a very special list of people to keep waiting. i know a guy.
we need to stop rewarding ppl who want 2 multiply like rabbits. obama/dems reward being irresponsible. if u want 2 choose 2 multiply-u pay
agreed. sadly, been that way forever. the ones that need it have too much pride to take it while others milk the system.
oh noooo the next chainsmokers song is w/ chris martin?? god save us all!!
what is chris becomes the next aoki
hahaha that was my favorite part too
judge: "and who is representing the defense?" defendant: "i don't see how that's any of your business."
he looks younger and fitter than some 35yr olds i've seen
if you have seen 35 year olds who look older and less fit than donald trump than they were in severe medical distress.
a moment of silence in honor of the time i had a purple cast &amp; wore purple everyday for a month cause i thought i had to match it constantly
i wish i had seen this tbh
it's lit fam.
facts... gotta go beast mode
this election is a run up to war! those four clinton-supported wars we were in were mere propaganda
clinton supported? more like bush created. he lied to get world to attack iraq. led to al qaeda.
united states announces 'no visa' policy for south africa (this is fantastic)
that article legit? i can't seem to find another article or info on uscis site.
our dogs are too cool (and so similar)
hahah ya mom sent me this too
everyday question should i go to school or go back to sleep
now i know i can never do morning classes
that's insane
what if chris becomes the next aoki
marc jacobs' show features white models in faux dreadlocks, causes uproar via
i went to college with girls like that...
hey! hey! wall street! just knock it the heck off!
c'mon guys, cut it out, you are doing capitalism a little too hard.
i'd say hillary is the bigot; basket of deplorables.
yeah, because no one has said any racist things from gop.
briefly, but ultimately to dc for my next gig!
great for you!
translation: you will be overworked and surrounded by people who will ignore your legal advice
also: you'll be surrounded by people who consider themselves "rock stars" because they know how to do their jobs competently
. on : my friday plans
thank you for sharing!!
that looks so good.
i can confirm that it - was - delicious.
from last night ishe smith has scale fail for fight with galarza -
i love it when these guys talk shit after not making weight.they one up themselves in the asshole dept and become total jerkoffs
questions about now being driven by democrats
love how everything we think or see is labeled a conspiracy theory!
i'm waiting on an email. much less exciting
i can see my future ahead of me.
sunday evening is
every day is what would buffy do!
shout out to the guy who asked me if i'd like to sit down &amp; a call out to the guy who almost pushed a grandmother out of the way to do same.
the latter was also the type who'll skip a family dinner cause he has a leg sesh at the gym today.
*sits in the dark on futon for hours* *receives link to a video from a friend* ugh are you kidding me you think i have time for this
pssst, colson? who is this magnificent creature?! this tweet? the one word bio of "sorry."? the hair? 100% fire.
well, this is one of the saddest things i've ever read.
i know :( just don't read the comments.
i got to make this poster for star trek beyond. one of my favourite films of the year.
i'm going to need one of each, please and thank you.
team dinner with in singapore. cc
chilly crab!
he definitely didn't put it to rest in 2011
trump lie continuously &amp; people you don't know what your getting involved in, he have no plans for us
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
this just in. water is wet!
where you been bud?
busy with life's little hassles. following along (lurking) you, dough, all the other twitter bio greats.
shout out to all the visionary companies supporting future innovation &amp; entrepreneurship
much much love to wish i could be there with you all!
is this purgatory
wow severs are down, too, so you can't run missions from your phone, either
our interview this morning with :
proved to be a flash in the pan...not a visionary at all....just another ideologue...&amp; to think i gave him dough!
i see the modem and router are connected. what issue are you having with the service now? slow speed or lose of signal? ^mm
loss of signal. every morning it's the same thing.
this is interesting. do we have a cultural shame about what scares us, the same as we have about what turns us on?
if you've never read shock value by jason zinoman, you should check it out:
a downside of twitter is that i have a character limit and can't point out all the factually incorrect things here:
for all the fools out there is fraud phony as said. racism bigotry is real. same for hos supporters
"i'm sorry for being disrespectful to this establishment"
a wild potato has appeared
the latter was also the type who'll skip a family dinner cause he has a leg sesh at the gym today.
was gonna say that unfortunately in a bar i'd also flirt with the latter but then the last time i flirted was in kindergarten.
yes mr chocolate i'm very proud of us both
good morning
it's a great show, we don't really have it like this in the uk! i wish we did!
much appreciated! hope you can follow along now once you get back!
blessed couple barely got a 2.0 and the stans are celebrating... it would be hilarious if it wasn't sad.
wait weren't they complaining that there were too many other stories that day, but a 2.02 is all cause of their couple
wcri study examines impact of california workers' compensation reforms
i think i can help with some reforming of the current w/c system.
you think becoming a minority is in my own interests lol? idk fam, i hear being a minority sucks. i'd rather fight.
i never said that. go head and fight. ur just going to stress urslf out and gain nothing.
listen to only for the weak
love this one bro one of my favs
might even go to the casino and play the dogs and horses. 1-3-7 numbers came to me in a dream.
you should! listen to the subconscious!
get rid of the electoral college. this is the 21st century. we should be electing by popular vote.
the electoral college the un-electorate
trump's weight?here's a reddit guy proud of wt loss &amp; trump.
guy on left is 6'2,we already saw 6'3 jeb's taller thn trump.
after calling hrc "greedy," powell (net worth of $50mil) bitches that he lost a speaking gig because hillary "overcharged" the university.
i empathize with his struggles. it's a hard life.
gimme a cookie -
still waiting for that cookie....
number one reason i'm excited to have my own place is to finally have a puppy lmao
honestly i've been looking for apartments that accept dogs, my current place only allows cats
. on ford: "when that car comes back across the border...we're going to charge them a 35% tax."
i can't believe ford is gonna do this. why not somewhere in the u.s.?
...ask for a lounge discord invite. :) i need to get back in the game!
sounds great! i've only been streaming a little less than 3 months now. i'll be on in 3.5hrs from now fyi...
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
join me as i rewrite history. i will announce my new reality show, "whose lie is it anyway"?
agreed. although watching obama humiliate trump at correspondents dinner in 2011 was hilarious; makes it almost worth it
i agree. that was great. but, that's exactly the reason i would've told dump to go eff himself.
political paralysis is the biggest threat to us competitiveness, a harvard study says
this may be an example that relates to the concern:
so beautiful
yes want an invite next season
you going tomorrow?
i'm a big maybe at this point. still handling the apt
note to trump: in phoenix, anyway, the taco wars are over, and tacos won.
trump you ever been in manhattan? yes your home. shawarma vs hallal vs tacos vs burritos every corner you dickhead.
in and out of the grand central apple store in 45min (pre-ordered.) bazinga!
which one did you get?
our breaks down team 's latest opponent.
kinda looks like they're basically copying flash and giving arrow his own version of "zoom"
was gonna say that unfortunately in a bar i'd also flirt with the latter but then the last time i flirted was in kindergarten.
one time a woman brought a dog into a bar though and that's when i found my audience.
loss of signal. every morning it's the same thing.
and at least twice a night i have to unseat the modem and then it *usually* comes back.
.: "i'm sure colin powell's embarrassed about the things he said about both candidates."
he's probably not
. preciate your work &amp; commitment to your craft
i appreciate you and dedication &amp; consistency! + i have something in the works, made a connect w/dope sister in edu system
uch. that's a shame. hate to see that happen to my hometown.
that's what happens when ppl who weren't here 20+ years ago outnumber those who were. they take safety, clean, etc for granted
wow, dude...this is _very_ thorough
thanks man! i worked on it on and off for like 4 months. thought i'd never finish it.
y'all gotta help me salute this lil dude who grew his hair out for 2 years to donate to c...
he is a cutie pie. god bless his heart
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
that you're not a racist anymore?
this is an amazing conversation. body wash ftw if you have your loofah. otherwise, bar soap with no wash cloth!
"your" loofah? are we all supposed to have our own loofah?
i am morally opposed to that chrome extension. it's overly obtrusive and violates student voice.
must the screen shot of the extension be a khan ad? sigh. but i will def. advocate the extension.
sanders: clinton needs to 'get away from all of this personality stuff' with trump
some one have 2 put trump in his place because the media is not
i appreciate you and dedication &amp; consistency! + i have something in the works, made a connect w/dope sister in edu system
might have to have you speak to some college kids next time you out here!
enlighten us michael ausiello, how does your butthurt over jimmy fallon compare to the butthurt you normally feel?
is far more butthurt because he did not have time to get his lubricant for jimmy fallon.
ha, an outlet on top? they have gotten better at that now, but that's a reason why i have my own battery charger too.
it's actually in the side of the table!!
...ask for a lounge discord invite. :) i need to get back in the game!
and congratulations on your announcement!
morning fffffffriday! have a great one xx
you too! have a comfy weekend. xx
wanted to ask, how do you pronounce it now? is it pro-tess, pro-tease or proates, as in carbs&amp;protes?
funny you should ask...
i play fan duel for the $.. then i play just nfl fantasy which is where i have forte.
how is your fanduel experience. i want to try it but im hesitant
happy birthday to my bfs boyfriend
this shit look like some gay porn wtf
tonight the cocks at [orig members of revco!] i dj at 9pm / get there early!
the perfect way to celebrate !
the energy was real up in the pacific northwest tonight.
that flannel tho
trump wants to ban muslims from the u.s. while hillary has been very busy bombing muslims in other countries. these are appalling options.
i dislike everything about hillary, but her trying to deal with the enemy. same with donald. he never said all, just enemies.
i miss when twitter was just a chronological feed
can't you turn that off?
offense is ranked 30th in yards per game &amp; yards per play, and 29th in points per game
a little unfair after only one game
i didn't even tweet anything crazy lmao
i feel like you never do lmao they always bring up old shit
msm normalizing trump's behavior for $$. betraying their ethical responsibility as fourth estate. cronkite rolling in his grave.
absolutely!!! trump will be a more interesting (hence $$$$$) president for them to cover.
arguably the most impressive of team kill cliff's week 1 performances was event 4 where the team totaled 1,170 lb.
amazing is my hero
do any vcs give honest feedback that the founders just aren't strong enough?
i say sometimes that they don't have the right background.
i will ask cadler when he comes in.
let me know what he decides lol.
shout out to the guy who asked me if i'd like to sit down &amp; a call out to the guy who almost pushed a grandmother out of the way to do same.
i usually don't sit down until it empties out enough to ensure newly arrived passengers a seat if they need it. so like 50-60% capacity.
i hate that u tweeted this
omg deadass and put the stupid microphone emoji too lmfao
could recite plane safety announcements
thats so cool that youve been on a plane.
we all know you ordered that. what's the name of the restaurant???
hi hater. you'll learn how to cook one day young grasshopper.
congrats. see u there
. awesome! look forward to connecting!
adorable college students thinking they can post my interview questions on reddit and get away with it
i'm morbidly curious and have zero dev knowledge, link?
in minutes, live from washington, dc. see it on .
why? so we can hear her lie some more
i commend our officers for their bravery tonight in the incident near penn station. keep them in your thoughts as they recover.
always in my prayers. my grandpa was in the 76th &amp; then emergency services (1930-1952)
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
best of luck
there are a lot of similarities in some mechanics/character abilities, though it has it's own ideas that seem to work very well.
hmmm interesting. i might have to give it a go since i mean it is open beta so why not!
you still in motown or just up early machining pixels?
&gt; friday show in pa then crystal ball event &amp; packing for next week
i don't think i watched her speech
it was a great democrat speech.
guy on left is 6'2,we already saw 6'3 jeb's taller thn trump.
i usually empathize w/weight lies,but trump's pushing 300.
you know they will and then ask if it's a weave
i'm just gonna pretend that nothing has happened. them: your hair is straight. me: it is??????? how???????
congress spent two years writing a report to discourage you from going to see this film. it opens tomorrow.
what movie?.. who is, snowden?..
my breakfast looks too pretty to eat.
notes: tortillas toasted on grill: sour cream: skip next time. salsa verde: moar
a b c bitch twerk to floor bitch come around here ima fuck you like a hoe bitch aha
lol my nigga straight gassed this shit
been in my corner. whether she loved it or hated it. criticism always constructive. 4 that sincerity alone she's 4eva good w. wayde
congrats on rae, and everything on your to do list. won't call it long overdue, but you earned it fr fr
emigration vs very exciting and well paid business venture?
you chose emigration!
thank you for the reply tom, chill hard
yeah dude my birthday is sunday, so like, fuck it. go hard this weekend:)
i was just reading about that. can't believe people like that actually exist in the world. ridiculous!
seriously. who does she think she is?
mcdonalds bagel squeaky cheese making my teeth squeaky
dont like the idea of this
disagree with you there. not so much that they will come across as equal but that confusion will win and that will seem equal.
nyt will write "candidates spar over blah blah" piece, and white supremacy will advance another step.
hillary started the rumors in 2008, it says so under the paper trail in your link.. people were still talking about it in 2011.
show me in that link where it says hillary or her campaign started that rumor. pretty sure it says the opposite.
we have fallen in love w/ our new carry-on suitcase from . find out why
love it! thank you for sharing.
who's going to blizzcon and wants to hook me up with a couple bastion skin codes?
why do you want cancer
materials, devices, systems, or methods, including design and development of prototypes, and processes.
thank you. i was wondering if it included academic research into softer sciences and i gather the answer there is no.
thanks common...i mean, carlin! lmao
classic mistake. happens all the time.
that's a fake news site
ah... people really have the time to right align fake news article like that? wow
i had a not so good dream last night, and it has left me feeling a little off, this morning.
coffee, and moar coffee....that is my remedy for anything in the morning that is off.
i'll think she'll arrive w/ plenty of facts/proof
hillary :"if i started it why did obama make me sec of state?" trump : "duh".
i've wanted him to come so bad to like this is a miracle
can you even imagine him singing and with the fireworks
haven't explored r yet. can you do regex with it in sql server 2016?
hmm. don't know but clr would still be faster
still satisfied with my 6s+, the 7 doesn't do it for me
its going to be greatness.
me watching the republican party this morning
amen and amen.
i've been making that a point lately.
it's amazing how fragile masculinity is.
aww thank you for the ff i hope you are having a lovely day x
you're welcome &amp; thank you. you have a wonderful day as well &amp; a great weekend
happy friday all
oh yeah i need a drink whose with me
the lewd pink
that's the lamest metal gear villain yet
my diva! i'm so sad i won't be able to be there!!!!!
i'm so bummed you can't making it! but i know you'll be busy being wonderful
my point was it is wrong to characterize nongroup shortfall as a failure to enrol the unsubsidized.
nyt rolled together lightly subsidized and -un. not sure if 2014/15 estimates hold, but... 1/
i'm gonna sit my pretty ass home and wait for my baby to arrive
was finna be like see ladies, take notes.........then, iphone lmao
we need to release nonviolent drug offenders from prison and remove such offenses from their record so they're not locked out of society.
if they don't belong to a gang. don't forget many in prison, amybe no fault of their own?, are in gangs there.
e.g. ask 'factor 8 and 5 so you can add them quickly' where factor is stated in more 'common' language.
they *do* this. the quiz probably reflected the way the technique (trick) was taught in class.
i mention a name change i suggested to for the association (adding 'urban ag' to the name)
responds to looking forward to this debate at the annual meeting 9/22.
good morning!!!! happy friday
good morning the sexiest woman every come out a ja.
haha, i'll make sure to give thursday its due.
the boys seem to have their energy but you never know when their bodies might remember how little sleep they got
may nag uupload about an hour after it was shown
actually may pinapanuoran ako naguupload per parts as soon as it airs eh. gusto k lng mkitweet real time
"we run the largest mental health hospital on the east coast," says ponte
if this were true wouldn't there be more doctors at than officers?
i have no problem with this!
sounds like good christian value to could anyone disagree?
met some amazing people at today.thx
what a fun day!
my point was it is wrong to characterize nongroup shortfall as a failure to enrol the unsubsidized.
i do think takeup is weaker over 200% fpl, tho some kaiser stats re reductions by income may complicate
trump again refused to say whether he believes obama was born in the us; says he'll answer 'at the right time'.
such irrelevant news , cnn has really gone in the tank
watch: lets jimmy fallon mess up his hair on late night tv.
there was nothing funny about that. trump is a white nationalist and fallon is giving him a platform.
if trump actually renounces birtherism today, the better question is why have you been lying about it for six years?
what happened to those 100 pi's you sent to hawaii?
...and/or there was some sort of clause in a gift-agreement that required they honor him.
one day penn state will understand that their culture sees football as more important than protecting children from rape. maybe.
actually, it's closer to the way the government dealt with firearms for the majority of america's history 1787-1939
, it was a different world before, for example, wwii - you're talking about almost 100 years ago. want to talk feudal era?
many chickens you have? cnd has a supply management system, limits small farms with no quoda to approx 100 birds
it's hard to count them... 300-400 give or take
jumpsuit by akira oh &amp; underneath is a sheer leotard i found in the back of...
that outfit slayed
.: what amy goodman's arrest warrant means for the dakota access pipeline and free speech
praise to journalists who uphold the freedom of press but also issues very dear to all of us.
exactly! but somehow those selling cps try to push them on their customers when their end users don't like/want them.
has a helpful. paper about open wifi networks, copyright liability and dmca
is running for office? is it 1920? you decide.
what a hottie!
when i go back to visit lets
would love to
everyone has probably taken this picture but i couldn't help myself
two of my friends i think you should know! and
how are the 8" monitors? i have stuck with 5" plus a sub forever (just for listening now, since i have zero musical talent:p)
they're pretty dope, bought them used 3 years ago, lows can be overdone but nothing major, i like them.
week 2 metro 1 vs. 4pm at flushing meadows / metro 2 vs. 8am at bip.
that m1 match is gonna be a good one!
because by the time i walk all the way home, it'll be time to walk back to arrive here at 10
ha! if only you had a fitness tracker to make that journey count.
if you're in london on 15 october, there's a day commemorating ww1 in
yes thanks for the heads up.
recognizing gender diversity of our community designates 70 bathrooms as
curious if you get pushback on the binary iconography.
3 steps to reinventing yourself as an by via
thanks for sharing
senate just passed which includes my bill to create a grant prgm to help ny schools &amp; daycare ctrs test our children's drinking water.
so now the house can shut it down. right.?
. on hrc aide who ignored order to testify: "subpoenas are not optional in this country. you have to comply with them."
now not only hrc thinks she is above the law, so do her aides
because by the time i walk all the way home, it'll be time to walk back to arrive here at 10
thanks for the original info though. the wtc store had next to no stock.
i am ! .. my son is now out of danger . blood clots
i wasn't aware of your sons issue
watch: "he will have nothing to do with [his businesses]." - on if he father becomes president
fantastic! u r developing thick political skin&amp;savvy while remaining true to everyday americans. u r next after pence!
idk how or why but my fb "friends you may know" has become the most triggering row of attractive gay men
*flashback to all your posts about fire island*
good morning, sir sirington!
*big hug* how u doin today, kitty?
tom ur alive what
yes alive and well in the city! come thru
clinton has a sanders problem, he convinced youth she won illegally, he talked up supporting her against trump, hasn't showed up...
clinton don't have a problem it's people like you with issues, that always start problem
i hate how much undue attention &amp; $$$ you can get for throwing people that share the same oppressive axis under the bus.
if i just was internally racist enough and used that opportunistically? ew. i tried it in high school and it was gross
i am ! .. my son is now out of danger . blood clots
glad it all turned out for the best
greatest promise ring i could've asked for i love you
the lord is good
was in the deli w the 5 month old i watch &amp;a lady had the audacity to look me up&amp;down and ask "do they teach anything in sex ed these days"
then asked me how old i was,how old i was"when i had her"&amp;if i was married.did anyone teach you manners&amp;respect you fucking twit
fair to say most of the top funds not in your data set?
yes and no. usv foundry spark emergence battery &amp; older sequioa funds listed
tomorrow. 8am eastern.
wait wait wait what is this
shit me neither, what's the difference?
delete this
exponential government presentation by cathilea robinett
we are heading toward a workforce w 50% freelance
ha have a look in slack, random channel.
it could be so easy when reading before asking.
hillary has political transmitted diseases and msm is infected!
lol&gt;and parkinson's
homegirl was sucking on the strap? i have questions...
have you even had your morning coffee yet, ma'am?
ok so the ape dude allegedly got jumped (looked like a group fight to me) y'all never found it weird that he targets dudes smaller than him?
been thinking this
will be unleashing the one and only michael graham on an unsuspecting daytime audience today !!
why? what has your audience done that's so horrible that they deserve that?
war maps. from a presentation on the variety of the map division's collections, these maps...
one instagram photo... such a tease do post again when the collection is online
donald trump believes president obama was born in u.s., campaign says
such irrelevant news, you guys are really outta touch
it's the essence of soap. like bone marrow but for soap.
funny story - i only bathe in bone marrow.
i hate it bro. i'm on a three hour lay over
i can't wait until i have a private jet bro it's coming i have faith bust most of all i have faith with works
like in the city city for good or just right now
uh i'll be here every day for quite some time
he's still in hospital . a 3 hour drive away
how did he know about blood clots symptoms
no, i've actually enjoyed flatpak. it's a well-defined system, just the right level of abstraction. nice to work with.
heading to portland next week. would love to talk to you before to gather your input
great! don't do it for me tho; do it for the people who need to be convinced to vote for her in nov.
if you dont know by now maybe you need a trophy?
so sick and tired of waking up to these mornings
my home state is in the business of killing little black boys. which way is north anymore.
are giving away free salad at the astor alive! festival tonight, 6pm. delicious food for your cabaret!
i think we're going to have to come downtown!
"sid on sports" going up today at tout stops by with 6 football selections!
ready my brother to provide your loyal viewership with the sharpest bets for the weekend
again, birtherism isnt factual error. it's conscious racist agitation. you don't skate on that history by dropping the narrow factual claim.
tell that to who is trying to whitewash
it was! my first stuff from cc was 1999 from what i can tell
i have letters and cards from her before that but that's when i started getting club stuff.
that time of year.
you mean every damn day ever
wikileaks founder's rape arrest warrant upheld in sweden:
this dude is disgusting, if he's innocent y doesn't he go face the charges. the fact that he is hiding in that embassy,
soon to be putting my degree to use. who would of though
who would of though. certainly not i
i would like to take a second to thank and &amp; for being them rn tyvm
they all sound like very deplorable people.
it has to demo something, at least khan is a great non profit. i love
just joking a little. i am an edu creator. he is my walmart competition.
i love and enjoy the music sufjan stevens* *except for the terrible stuff. you know what i mean.
this tweet captures the single biggest problem in our relationship
from the hours of 6:30 pm-2:30 am, i removed my faux locs and split ends, washed and deep conditioned, and braided my hair. i feel powerful.
and i still woke up early to prep for a business meeting and take down my hair. currently:
your too sweet for words, have you seen my latest pastel portrait francesco liccari hope u like it.
took a few seconds to realize it wasn't a photo. quite amazing really!
trump jr. in 2014 praised his dad's "moral conviction" on obama birtherism
the "birther" advocacy may have originated with supporters of hillary clinton
how is this paid tweet w legal? alco court ruled that they have to call a yes?
where is this tweet? i went to their twitter feed and don't see it? i don't think bernie actually said this.
the most perfect combination of all time
.... i'm mad there is an account called cyrus virus
yep would be awesome
get your freak on
that's my plan for tonight. it's going to be a late night again. need more coffee.
i seriously want to drink a bottle of wine and call it a day lmfao
hrc: "i thought i was going to be fine &amp; i thought that there wasn't really any reason to make a big fuss."
yeah, i blew mine off til it almost killed me
"i truly feel like i am representing my country by doing this." - megan rapinoe on continuing protest during anthem
how about y'all discuss the actual event from last night, the retirement of
oh guarantee it! a million things we don't even know about!
add floating mats to that list
one dedicated daddy: man brings his baby to pre-order line outside .
that's really not a good thing.
have a good day bea
you too gleams
i'm kinda whatever on the card. i think dustin is going to light michael up. uriah hall is a big ? mark and then....?
i haven't even looked at the card
there won't be a party, with the weather in france.
what does this mean?
i wish coworker would pipe down so i could listen to new in peace
i wish coworker emily would get off my back
i cook my apples with sercial. same thing?
i think we're on the same wave-length.
he might be out this weekend . only 28
fingers crossed give him my best
new york times promotes joe kahn, previously head of international, to managing editor.
the move puts kahn in line to eventually succeed dean baquet as executive editor.
you realize 10 other states have exactly the same laws. do some research
yes i do know. ten scary states. i know. but this one elected a governor who isn't in nra's pocket.
that bogus class full of fb players? unc discovered it in aug. 2011 and told the ncaa. and the ncaa let them play.
could you explain your end goal at this point? unc has made changes. looks like you are chasing banners and personal glory.
days-long headache. blech.
me too. what's the deal?
before just spewing stronger together newsletter lines do some research.i want you to succeed,hillary doesn't
i am already a success and i want to keep it.
remember: trump, the birther-in-chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records.
where are your mris and real health records where are your 33000 emails why did you distort them why do you always lie
gillian anderson makes me forget that men exist
what's a men
pain in leg and passed out 3 times .hard 2 breathe
wow that's some scary shit
i wouldn't bother to lift my leg to piss on scarryreid says my dog
not sure is harry is smart enough to invent anything, but he sure perfected it.
experience on the next gen network. get iphone 7 for $0 when you trade in select iphone models.
aw that is very sweet. no thank you
why do i have the theme tune to the colbert report playing in my head?
we all yearn for that show at this time...
article completely omits fact that at beginning of week trump campaign was promising to release medical docs
the nyt sucks balls
where are those big bank speech transcripts? what is she hiding, uhm?
they may both be hiding something, but hrc has released years of tax returns &amp; trump zero. let's start there.
made money so far, so i really can't complain lol i'm more into this than the actual fantasy. it makes it more fun for me.
is it complicated?
only a pre-rex diet shirt could fit all of that information
need bedsheets bruh
just moved your lovely book to the top of my tbr list and bought it from amazon based on those words. looking forward to it!
you are so kind! i hope you enjoy it :) &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
"this has nothing to do with race only fashion stop being a part of the problem and be a part of the solution!"
but also the skill of kelly osborne to get not one, but two yt women proverbs in one sentence. look at that initiative.
i thought it was too good to be true. damn.
i'm so over applying for visas... i also can't travel next month, coz i'm not sure if my passport will be.
ok cool!!!!! have you ever been to sxsw? i haven't- so excited for the opportunity!!!
i've not been to - yet! !
you realize 10 other states have exactly the same laws. do some research
i don't just talk off the top of my head - and make wrong assumptions - like some people.
a no slow asian tourist policy needs to be implemented on the underground; speed up, single file or go home
this seems to contradict your tweet regarding your desire to stop racism in southeast england
congrats! its well deserved ! i know you will do well
thanks boo :)
behind the scenes during a break on ! the hard working team you don't get to see!
hard working team led by a hard working, smart, and gorgeous lady
you'd hope choice of editor goes without saying!
i wish i had a screenshot, i did once see a job description that dictated what editor you had to use
taken to a&amp;e his right hand side of heart not right
wow that's scary
hyfr it's the first psl of the season yr boy is about to get absolutely twisted off seasonal lattes y'all. s/o 2 mea
you got it for here. what a flex
. on clinton and trump: "i don't believe a word either of them have to say about their health."
can't believe he compared himself to . (tom brady) blasphemous
was made for this show! low key wish mike rob could make an appearance.
he'll be around every week or so don't worry!
parts of it. then you can tap the close button and it asks you why forever.
there's a setting under settings &gt; timeline to turn off seeing the "best" tweets first
this is nice, i appreciate it- i would like to quote you in couple of years perhaps- :)
u should run, we need more strong independent minded women.
if addresses the issue at his hotel this morning, will he inform his supporters of his new stance at his events later today?
it's pretty clear that his supporters don't care what he says. he can take a crap on the podium and they'll cheer him on.
today's random purchase: a mattress from ikea!
memory foam???
not at all actually, you pick your players every week. you get 66k salary and you gotta pick your players according to that.
how much you put in normally
another spox says trump believes obama was born in us. but himself has yet to say it.
why does he have to say it? if he does say it, will you vote for him? if not, why should he say it to you?
thank you all for making this possible! is available now on
love you tyler farr!! you are a good ole boy!! cheers on the new music bud!!
hanging out on halloween with a tiny mr. t. (notice i have my jack &amp; diet coke cocktail in hand!)
trump speaking soon from his new hotel in dc! ;-)
thanks . his house mates are wonderful . big help
that's good
casually flipped through a new book by &amp; found my article cited on the first page of the first chapter
dang, woman! hashtag just for you.
game day predictions ward melville 28 longwood 21 remember this tweet after the game...
bold! i love it
we love you ugh ur coming tn right? wouldn't be an anny celebration w/o you..
oh yeah obviously wouldn't miss it for the world okay meet you there or u need a ride?
urban game designers seek new ideas for engaging people with public space
one great way to engage people w would be to encourage like
just followed both. thanks for the suggestion
another cool photographer is ! very unique
day17~30 nodaysoff is a short one, 4hrs in 4 more 2 go then sleep! 16 hr days killin mereboot 2 focus
i'm right there w/ you pal. if u can take power naps mid-day i highly recommend it. works wonders 4 the soul
do it and report back!
an update on america's favorite bartender:
allegedly leftist counterpunch loves far-right nationalist conspiracy monger paul craig roberts.
roberts lost it a long time ago
sharp take on snowden pardon discussion my basic stance: snowden is a spy and should be treated as such.
snowden. moscow. winter is coming.
very cool from my buddy , he's a one foot drain spotter i'm a two footer.
it's the age difference! i need to keep my balance! lol
salute and congratz to rudy bednar on 35 (!!!) yr anniv. (6/8)
remembering rudy's lighting seminar-referenced dutch masters+ taught how 2 light interviews w just a flashlight &amp; t shirt.
excited for vox, sad for ct!
aw! thank you!
on the grind!
don't you know it brother!
not like this though. this is the real uncut stuff.
you think we weren't steeped in that brew?
ohh... the awkward years. flash back to my grade 8 graduation.
omg, that can't be you.
thank you for this kind mention!
&lt;3 to all of yooooou!!!!!
it is not my imagination(sic) a seasonal shortage every frigging year!
so the er is closer than a canadian pharmacy near you? this is not health care.
reading this honestly made me laugh out loud when i read the part about the light cooking brains
"....dancing for no reason." that is freaking hilarious!!!!!
he was ignored by his doc and 1st a &amp; e visit
doctors can be such jerk offs
why you mad?
cause she's whack. i fuck with pablo the blowfish though
this is sooo cute
thank you sof
stood in line to grab my 7 plus for about an hr. guess what the don't have at the verizon store.
hell no fight them
love this one, the ep version especially
ep version? i gotta find that!
why are the snipers there?
security for arochi and to make sure he doesn't try to bolt. i haven't gone back outside to confirm, that's what i was told-lp
it is not my imagination(sic) a seasonal shortage every frigging year!
big oil and pharma in cahoots? yes they are
"dr. oz show" edited out trump's comments about kissing ivanka
i wish my dad was still alive to give me a parental kiss- good for you and enjoy being there as a dad!
the move puts kahn in line to eventually succeed dean baquet as executive editor.
susan chira, previously a deputy exec editor, will step down to write for a news/opinion vertical focused on gender.
my coworkers are starting to realize i'm a twitter expert, if y'all are reading this what's up
omg can't wait for oil and gas twitter
this week in "office millennials" nobody got dead kennedys 'soup is good food' ref when the campbell's arrived:
welp that makes no sense hot topic sells dk t-shirts
oh. we don't talk about season 1. also i've alternated between leslie and ron personalities all day. i feel lost.
this is why i just stick to a tom personality all the time
i don't like coffee, but i did take a walk and had a cup of hot green tea.
well green tea is good, but i can barely crawl much less walk without my cup of coffee.
i think about this video a lot
omg i can't rn
morning, :-) did you see that has a $15 zip hoodie sale? just bought 3. (oops, shopping at work? yup.)
you always turn me on to the coolest shopping places, thx!
because you are broke and you never traveled the world, you were just on lsd
a trip is a trip bruhhhhh
he's on blood thinning meds for a while . poor kid
damn i feel for him to young too have to
don't know how i feel about ios 10
update i hate it
gotta get healfy
ur bape i forgot idk if i can kick it with you :/
so i'm just going to write you another one.
please do! thank you x
he's on blood thinning meds for a while . poor kid
deal with health issues
asking for recs yesterday led me to under a painted sky (among others!) what other chinese girl heroine books am i missing?
have you read cindy pon's work yet? serpentine is bae. :)
"april 2008, a clinton supporter passed around an email that questioned where obama was born." &lt;--that's in the link you posted.
a supporter, not clinton or the campaign itself..."there is no direct tie to clinton or her 2008 campaign." from the article
i just answered the question.
you don't listen or you would never support him
feeling nostalgic for the days when the toxic idiots on the internet were confined to comments sections. we didn't know how good we had it.
yeah and now they run for president
can't be out here living scared
like last winter when i refused to not where my fur coat so i carried knives in both my sleeves
show me a dem, i'll show you a liar. hillary did that. obama did this (inspired ppl to disrespect american flag).
what a shame...let's hope we can turn it around and undo their damage!
you know now thinking about it i was really scared to get lost in japan just because i asked my friends how i would die and they said
i would die by getting kidnapped in a foreign country and brutally murdered because i don't know how to control my temper
i have obeyed sir
today will be a good day
is it time to swap out summer clothes for fall clothes? my tiny apartment can only take one at a time...
be cautious. last time you unilaterally decided to move them out, it wasn't pretty.
if i just was internally racist enough and used that opportunistically? ew. i tried it in high school and it was gross
i feel as if i don't have as many opportunities, but i'm not gonna compromise on that -- not in the career i need to live in.
stoppp wyd sis
go home next weekend or tomorrow night
he had a style that he just came up with fuckin round and they got his shit down pat and didn't need him lol
i guess as long as you can ride it, it's still a wave right? trash ass wave
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
what lies will you tell today?
easily favorite track of the week: 's "die trying"
our way to
. congrats on winning a webby; you def deserve it! =)
thanks a million, tom!
willing to bet yours wasn't impacted
it was it was i just really told them to od with the novacaine
it's back! was this your first one of the season??
first of the season!
ive been a little behind so i def need to rack up some exotic engrams and stuff to get to open on tuesday
i thought this said exotic orgasms and i was very confused by it
so happy it's friday! hbu?!?
happy friday friday buddy :-)
don't accuse people when they know what you did. its like you can't let go of the precious thing that you've ever had.
there are other things that'll make you happy not just a group. it's called going out there and making new friends
why do people think 50 shades is a good series? idgi?
its basically a book with dry ass writing and the romanticization of abuse, nah ya'll can keep that.
nope, it's under warranty
glad it's covered
that guy is an embarrassment to journalism. but i guess he gets good ratings, plainly the only thing cnn cares about.
for 15 months now playing media like fiddle. outrageous remarks, then backtracking, then gets praise for appearing normal.
i need to buy new cruelty-free makeup (highlighter, concealer, bronzer, maybe foundation?) - everyone plz recommend your fave products go!
your moms chest hair
told him it's all in your head !!! how rude
doctor said this your son should sue the
instead of driving jobs and wealth away, america will become the world's great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation!
how??? all bs on plan how can anyone believe a word out of your mouth?
bernie sanders blasts donald trump's birther statement: "this is pathetic"
that "birther" advocacy may have originated w/ supporters of hillary clinton
this is your daily reminder that hillary has blood on her hands.
and too does that flag
i am finally going to be at peace
you need to dead that relationship permanently. toxic codependency isn't healthy.
by being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before.
loooove this quote
is it too early to start drinking or y'all judging?
it's 5pm somewhere
fun night at the awards gala great 2 connect w/ friends new &amp; old as well as hear &amp;
heya it looks like you had a great night, sad you cant make it to our ng security summit later this year :( maybe next time!
told him it's all in your head !!! how rude
bastard for not taken issue seriously
by claiming that he underestimated the racist factor in trump chances of winning the primary.
nate silver should stick to numbers. he gets lost fast when he talks about anything else.
""5 holiday stress tips" insight from lifestyle strategist and author travis pomposello" on
public hbd to , an "epic" good soul. i neverforget those who take a chance on a new face in a high profile gig.
what a scary statistic! americans are working harder and making less! we need competent leadership!
fox business lmao gop propaganda not news
i threw 25 on there to start.
ima try it next week
idea i saw that i like in javascript: single quotes for strings, double for text. could help with later translation.
oh that's interesting, reminds me of symbol usage in ruby
clear conscience is major but does not bring in a paycheck in your chosen profession!
i get it, but he can look his family in the eye, and has taught them a priceless lesson. a true patriot and a real man.
's acquisition of is sure to bring new innovations to retail:
- congratulations to both the organizations! waiting for miracle :-)
you're still here? are they at least giving you credit?
i'm still here and now i caught a nasty cold. had to cancel the travel plans, they are supposed to give me a refund
i sent an email to one of your humans with a special request a few days ago. could you have them take a look?
found ya. replying as we speak. thanks for checking!!! tgif!
rockstars do tend to need a lot of lawyers (drugs, dead hookers, gun charges)
also, suing when people copy their music a la robin thicke
yep! .. it should be me not my son
shouldn't be neither but as a parent i
sammy prahalis got her nickname as a younger player playing on those courts: "styles p"
there is nothing like it! play well on that court and you become known throughout the east coast.
reply or tweet at us about your favorite thing about !
how to go from 0-250k in 12mo was my fave seminar as well as networking! food was bad, next year- healthy options or green juice
miserable failure. only fitting he has to go back to his animal of a wife. enough to make a guy go gay.
that's your contribution to the civic discourse for today, eh?
managed to watch the best parts of civil war on my toronto to nyc flight.
you mean all of it? just watched it again. so great.
all time? what about marv hubbard
we got you represented with the jersey out on set, don't worry coach
when yall airing this?????
trying to get a tv deal-will let you know as soon as we do!
thanks! have a great weekend honey
thanks love, you too! rest up for rise of iron! lol jk jk
trump's son: addresses media bias. doesn't know' if father will explicitly say obama born in us abc news - via
the fact that hrc is putting it out there shows hillary campaign in trouble. trying to distract from her problems. sad.
high school au which i love again
oh my god please please please go watch better off dead and tell me tracer is john cusack and lucio is clint howard
when i was a baby metro reporter and had the temerity to ask for a foreign posting, said yes and changed my life forever.
i remember you from the albany times union! you interviewed me about the weather during your tenure here. hope you enjoyed alb!
stop it what a shame!
was a shock!
wait how'd u know
i know everything
i'll link ya he's my neighboor lmaoo
na she good
aint even the worst just the latest,personally know victims of mt.gox thft (460 million) where users couldnt even get a call back
gox is an exchange. again man you're not educated. if bank of america gets robbed you gonna stop using the american $?
should prob just concentrate on hitting free throws and defending.
yeah, and martina and ashe should've concentrated on just tennis and ali on boxing. stop
arrogant doctor . it's unbelievable
damn that is unbelievable
(orson welles voice) somewhere in the fjords of arizona, there's a farm. two wrestlers live there...
"ahhhhhhhhh...."
my eastern conference rankings should come out tonight. let me know if you guys would read a 2k review also. ive been playing 2k since '03.
hell yeah! i'm not into the new shooting system so i'd like to see what others think.
whelp apparently i hit a bug in the ios alarm app. not sure what it was, but it prevented further alarms from going off.
my 8:30 alarm just went off at 9:40 so... there's that.
it's penance, my friend. penance. think of the years in purgatory i'm taking off the calendar.
drop in the bucket
:) .. anyhow how'd you?
you no me no complaints
oh i get it... hot and covered with crabs
i meant salty duh... but those are funny too..
seriously so done with grindr.
is she no longer getting hit up by the fake profiles? i cannot
welcome to ny
carlyle when i say i am done like i can't get up to find medicine.
i wrote this little article: why / is still my favourite social network
great post! thx for all the great feedback!
tonight: , , a performance by kiiara, and your funniest tweets.
what were you thinking?! don't clown around with someone who is poised to ruin everything. not a fan of yours anymore.
when does this come out
not sure yet but working on it, thanks for following!
tax experts, is this right? could have avoided self-dealing rules by simply throwing $20k pic away?
he will say he did even if he didn't.
isn't nyquil supposed to put me to sleep?? i guess it's no match for my giant wind tunnel left nostril and the wad of mucus in my head
did u accidentally get a non drowsy version?
tv ad encourages german women to wear hijabs...
hijab is a symbol of women oppression because it underlines calling women source of sins by being female
so happy it's friday! hbu?!?
happy friday my talented friend :-)
join the movement. pledge to support vets and demand trump releases his tax returns.
i'm a veteran and i support trump!
everyone needs to stop judging everyone because we are all just trting to figure it the fuck out and if you say otherwise you are a liar.
we are all trting to figure it out!
of course they could win 14 straight or whatever... past doesn't dictate...but it suggests it rarely happens. cant be ignored
rob is in deep denial. if they don't win this, season's over. book it.
im in honk kong 3 mnth a yr where the biggest exchange is.u ever been?ever spoken to any experts there?their sentiments mirror mine
my business is set up in hong kong where the biggest exchange is. i speak to experts there daily &amp; they say the same. ur point?
really hoping we get a selfie out of this luxury.
i gotta get a good angle!
sweepstakes time! flat hair have you feeling flustered? fill in the blank for a chance to win! "i need a for my ______ hair!"
i need a for my bleach-damaged hair
guess what we don't care about trumps taxes! more important things to discuss!
how do you know are not important &amp; worth caring about? you know nothing about them.
i used jira at a job once and i never dreamed of sushi
"jira dreams of sushi" was legit a sprint name for us at one point
how many people at wells fargo are going to go to jail? zero. but if you smoke marijuana in this country, you get a criminal record.
sadly true-how about reminding hillary 2 release her transcripts to the wall street biggies she gave speeches to-hypocrite
just because you took longer than others, doesn't mean you failed. remember that!!
ahem... pull-up challenge.
that thing where you furiously google to see if anyone has already written the hot take currently baking at 500 degrees in your brain.
.and do so cursorily to "confirm" that they haven't.
i'm a smackdown! 2 loading screen. caution!
or smackdown!: just bring it where they actually say "caution" &amp; "attention"
happy birthday 02ariyan91 sick night, as always.
ariyan's birthdays are always so sick arent they.
there doesn't appear to be a free registration option in australia, only premium or standard subscription. any reason for this?
sorry: i am not sure. i know they have been changing the subscription model a bit. i will investigate
you need sunlight, coconut water, and maybe some tea.
i'll get to it. thanks! wyd today?
worrying isn't it ? ... my son is a tough cookie
no matter how tough they are still our baby
rockstar lawyer:
you should forward that job listing to him
happy running!
great running all!
where were you? nc? what device type? and were you on wifi or cellular?
asking cause internet infrastructure is my actual day job.
today is our first voices group after a brief hiatus! participants will learn about safer sex, condom use, and . we are very excited!
as always, if you are interested in setting up an initial prep appointment, feel free to call 929-400-7sex (7739)
6/1 will be interesting to see how each syndicate return stacks up....top three vs. bottom three
was honestly tempted to share my portfolio (unrealized) returns in response to the generalized stat. emboldened me...
cucks and libs are scared to death trump will get into office and actually solve problems. that's the real issue here.
yes because, then they'll lose all power for a very long time, it will go on for 3-4 election cycles
but he is also my example of baby with the bath water. you would have had him out after two terms.
yes.. but i'm sure dingle would have continued doing great things in or out of congress. congress is broken, dingle was there.
the journey of a little (but actually huge 7 plus) iphone.
how!!!! i thought you had a delay? got connections?
i'm enjoying my new role at work 2 lovely kids
that's good
actual photo from a trump rally
because nobody has ever made this joke before
when and how can i watch this
if you're in nyc it's playing the 26th-otherwise we're on the lookout for a tv deal and will let you know!
clever &amp; witty
thanks pat. have a great weekend.
no that matches neon. neutral, orange n yellow idk
so army green can gwan wit mustard but orange can't?
really i'm just kind of indifferent so the ubiquity is what annoys me. (sounds like sports)
i am in this club with you. (don't tell or the rest of vs)
ur in the illuminati
send me a picture of it
i love you ... i almost blocked you ... your candy corn tyranny must cease
i have millions of supporters. millions, i tell you!!
can't wait to share the tea
lol my neck is so so screwed up. getting out of bed rn is a problem ha &amp; so much to doooo can you flight up real quick?
david cook mix
david cook mix : all your 4 records analog heart &lt;3 dctr &lt;3 tlm &lt;3 digital vein &lt;3 plus 'cover clips" is amazing!!!
check out 's extensive test of a gazillion usb power packs &amp; how to pick one:
cool, thanks!
i like his music lol. i wouldn't compare to nothing. it "had" a good feel to it
it had a succubus i can't get these moments of my life back feel.
classic film 2
thanks terry. have a great weekend.
that was you i walked by as i was leaving. oh well. late hello then.
mark u were there???
*sigh* so the person who made that video (you know the one) has found a bunch of supporters. my mentions were...yikes. take care, all. &lt;3
oh my god just saw this. i'm sorry they're such assholes. i hope you're okay!
not a fan of it
but do you care about the snarky, hilarious 25-30 year old reviews one guy is doing?
which song is to be included in tenten's we are ichu album again? is it the hell song or izayoi no sora 'cause i am loving the latter a lot!
izayoi no sora was in the soleil album already
lmfaooo dest you got a man i don't know about
lmao not that i know of
that just confused me even more. my observation has now become an algebraic equation. not supposed to happen!
blame it on twitter...
ayeeee ... you betta ...hurry and down my new mixtape... link in bio
i love seeing kids dance they went off and jamming to your jam
too many gears. all you need is one. and none of that lazy coasting either.
. no way! agree no coasting, see rule 23 but not going fixed gear! 11 in back and a 53/39 up front!
good to know! also, i just think ads that play clips of gaffes are dull.
ads that just play clips of giraffes are awesome though.
i think my favourite word in the world is wifi
heard you like pizza b
hey friend. welcome to gameday.
i'll be in the first base line.
btw you look 21 today fella lol what's your secret
moisturizer &amp; cucumber scrubs
can't wait to share the tea
lol my neck is so so screwed up. getting out of bed rn is a problem ha &amp; so much to doooo can you fly up real quick?
working at a top notch gym again today, remember that time i did running once...
the annual run
hello ! are you sold in stores?
yes we are, maria! our products are available at in addition to our website,
if everybody started their day at 13, the normal american work day would end at 8pm.who wants to go home at 8pm? not me
that would be quite alright by me so...
oracle-significant quarterly miss(both revs&amp;eps)&amp; significant current qtr guide-down(revs&amp;eps)the beat-downs go on...for tech &amp; the economy.
but...but...intel just raised on rev, so everything good?
funny story - i only bathe in bone marrow.
let me just clarify here for a minute: you both use wash clothes? everyday. you + spouse each has own washcloth.
woke up to an email from a fellow choker selling gal saying they were going to sue me if i didn't change my store name.
she won't. the cost of a lawyer is more than she'd walk away with.
'make america great again' branded as hate speech on canadian campus
liberalism is insane,how can you be proud of being so pathetic? feed their feelings of superiority &amp; vilify what they disagree with
this photo obv. wins the photo contest! just amazing! that neon against the dusk
(they're all great but i'm referring to the first one with the flatiron building in the background.)
trump reigniting birtherism after both conway and giuliani tried to bury it for him just shows how cunning he is. or something.
how racist he is.
serious question: who are you rooting for in giants-cardinals series? i think root for san francisco. just finish off cards now and get in.
the giants and cardinals don't play this week!?!?
i still havent seen the second one
was terrible
. how do we get more ts sharing as much as you? thx for the inspiration!
twitter pd! there's great info out there, and happy to share! twitter has great resources!
this mercury retrograde was enlightening in the fact that i realized i'm really done with my old work. in more ways than one.
i want to hear more about this.
lmao not that i know of
lmaooo na she good. id just fight juelz cause he's an asshole.
when your gov only recognizes the human rights of its own citizens it's basically a backward way of saying everyone else is less than human.
and when they recognize those rights only for non citizens??
i try to be in both :-)
me too (and we need both)
the latest the vijay narayanan daily! thanks to
thanks! hope you are well
typemail and mymail look to be decent too! if doesn't work out then i'll jump on one of them 2/2
not a fan of the ui but mostly i was put off by their guerilla marketing. there's also for android.
last night almost made me wanna bring the camera back out
check dm mam
oh wait ok i think i know what happened. since i disabled snooze and the alarm went through the song it just stopped being loud
which then "snoozed" all of the other alarms. i thought it was my 8:30 alarm but it was actually more like my 7:40 alarm...
demand -&gt; higher prices, higher prices -&gt; weaker demand??? that is economic loop-di-loop.
i wouldn't confuse rent &amp; healthcare price rise w/demand push. supply imbalances and 3rd party payor issues, respectively.
i would die by getting kidnapped in a foreign country and brutally murdered because i don't know how to control my temper
which is total bullshit because i can handle my temper better than an other person i know.
amazing! congrats . now excuse me while i go cry for the next 3-4 weeks.
i'm sorry, that sucks!
we need a secret signal like how motorcyclists do that finger point when they see each other.
can it just be a \_()_/
omfg this is a thing??
it's a pilot so far - hoping to make it a full series if someone wants to air!
hillary clinton says half of trump supporters are "deplorable" grade: dem c, ind and gop f (via )
we're not deplorable were adorable screw you hilary
me too! already affecting my sleep patterns. best remedy is to take action: make calls, canvass, etc. to elect hrc!
excellent advice. keep up the good fight, as must we all.
cover revealed! go to now to see the beautiful by and read an excerpt:
you had me at fire island!! congratulations!
nothing;it takes a person with professional acctg and tax training and experience to review.
and, there are plenty of experts to interpret &amp; explain. also,
be a better manager in 30 minutes a week. on the quirky allure of podcast:
i'm super excited to dig into this. thx!
seeing a lot of marginalized talking about being attacked for speaking up. also seeing a lot of people extending condolences, so remember:
"i'm sorry this is happening to you" is what we're taught to say, but "i'm sorry they did that to you" places blame where it lies.
can you have autism and adhd?
yes me for instance
probably not as uncommon as you may think. the system failed him:
i am so sad whenever i think of deven. yes the system failed him. just like the congress system is failing us all.
damn. i'm so not worthy of that company.
literally what i thought word for word when i saw that.
i was asleep very early last night! i'm too old for this! idk how bruce does it...night after night after night...
well, now he can just sign books. i've done that. it's only tough on your hand. he will sign more books, make more money :)
lets go to the strip club?
thats a waist
damn right! .. never cried so much
i understand
awaiting analysis from the cbs nfl crew.
no, ed needs to tell his crew, who got it wrong.
i need a content writer for my website, someone with local knowledge and writing experience, maybe a college student. do you know anyone?
if you consider agency, reach us @
stuf i nede: phone, coputer, hot metel, wet sand, pistins, pistels, wirs.
i'm most intrigued by the wet sand. won't the hot metal dry it out? smells like a process patent in the works...
this tweet has so much to groan about
and also so much to smile about...
3 years ago my life was perfect ..
now i'm still trying to piece together how to be happy again
im so sick of having anxiety attacks every morning before school its effecting my schooling so bad i hate this
if you need/want to talk to someone, goddess, i can be useful...
i owe francis a shooting session
in h3 samples
they are a bit naughty lol but i'm used to it
i'm sure you will keep them in line
recognizing bs is so thoughtist
i believe the contemporary term is patriarchal.
she then went on 60 minutes and wouldn't disavow the rumors. point being, it started there, in 2008, before trump, &amp; she knows it.
she did? you are wrong again...the alleged 60 mins convo was about him being muslim and she did say it was a ridiculous rumor
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
looking forward 2 it-i'm behind u 100% and thank you for all that u have done to be our president!
check this out-this comparison chart between bernie sanders and jill stein that i just found!
hey, i made the second chart on that page! love jill stein and ajamu baraka.
antonio gates played basketball
brian butterfield's from maine
need someone who can code for a website/app hmu if you know anyone
we have an experienced team of developers who build excellent websites,web apps &amp; mobile application-
screw "isms" this is about both islam and jews not facing religion as the root cause. both are wrong.
on matters of faith and god i agree. but israel is basically an apartheid state
please visit our website &amp; enter vin for details about recall or call (800) 525-7417 to discuss concerns
i have checked the website, called for months, and also emailed my service advisor with no resolution. no parts available i'm told.
iphone 7 launch
it's true every store sold out already?
i'm a dork. i can't find the new episode people are talking about with . where can i find it?
it's the new the podcast! here ya go:
yeah. tbd if any of it happens. i'm skeptical. but even if it does it'll be 2030 before it gets completed :)
true, but it will make it easier for our teenage kids to meet up and start trouble together.
compared to say, san francisco, a city actively making its citizens homeless and criminalizing homelessness
i take your point but i think i just fundamentally don't like cities while recognizing this as a well constructed one!
devastating yankees loss. brutal and at the worst time. wow!
it's the billy butler curse!
what the heck is that
it's an alpaca :)
what's a good site to get custom shaped stickers printed? asking for a friend who is also me
there's someone on the sa forums that did custom decals... you could always post there.
when u go to actors event what yall talk about i mean they cant discuss spoilers so its random shit about their lifes talk?
i'll ask about his hair like what does he use???
genuinely good news from the census. thanks obama!
with 2016's date added next year, the whole obama administraiton might look like a smile.
kc is trying arena football yet again. how many teams have we had now? brigade, command, renegades, feel like there was another.
didn't even know that was still a thing.
thoughts?
oh wait this is amazing!! gonna see if i still have time to submit!!
she then went on 60 minutes and wouldn't disavow the rumors. point being, it started there, in 2008, before trump, &amp; she knows it.
just admit you're wrong. is it that hard? trump is the birther guy. he owned it. he should be hiding from this but he isn't.
"the good news is that my pneumonia finally got some republicans interested in women's health." -hillary
is true they have that touch
so we had a rb who had a 100 yards along with 2 receivers that went over 100+. good stuff. i like our offense.
congrats. my ff opponent had forte
. sonned so bad, roland should be given a gift:
yessss, u put it to him,
i love pidgin so much buh i can't jez say it fluently. wah a story you think?
you fit learn ham na ..just dey listen to because we be urban pidgin radio with swag. link in bio tune in
pure fuckery
kendall pretty af. this hurt my heart.
i take your point but i think i just fundamentally don't like cities while recognizing this as a well constructed one!
and this is really really only about me, not "one ought not to like cities"
terrifying mass of black creatures spitting 'hell juice' caught on camera
eucalyptus oil, most people don't have that in their medicine cabinet to deter these strange looking things
you should update the website in your bio so the link doesn't say forbidden. xd
which link?
in the case of dingle, we need to give a true public servant like that the support they need, ie, vote in more progressives.
vote in more progressives, yes! the reality is many good people stuck in very bad systems.
how about just body wash sans washcloth?
that's crazytalk!
hillary clinton says half of trump supporters are "deplorable" grade: dem c, ind and gop f (via )
we're not deplorable we are adorable screw you hillary
it does amuse me that right wingers praise dncleaks but want snowden done away with for doing same exact thing...
they're idiotics. praising "law&amp;order" but saluting russian hackers... supporting vets, but attacking pows... shame
black women sue l'oral, claim relaxer caused hair loss and scalp burns
isn't some of the stars noted are natural everything is not for everyone. are you suppose to do a test before you use it
i'm so relieved you added 'scrubs !' lol i'm rude
i had second thoughts about cucumber
lmaooo na she good. id just fight juelz cause he's an asshole.
he still look good lol
cant afford ny rate.
may i know your exact requirements and budget allotted for this project?
i wanna party with dude. no lie.
lmaooo we out
season 3 is coming at you in 2 weeks! make sure you're caught up by watching on demand &amp; on app
i can't wait. i'm on season 2 on the tvland app. and season three comes out on hilary's bday. whooooo!!!
everyone knows that the character "biff" from back to the future 2 was inspired by donald trump, right?
this is probably why they are so similar biff= trump
2.4 shakeout to stay loose for tomorrow's 26.2. i've done what i can to set myself up for success
good luck chris!
honestly working in a customer service center has really shed light on how being polite can get you far.
don't call in yelling when you want us to give you a credit on your bill when you definitely deserve the charges/fees.
uggh, my nephew got that once at day care and gave it to my sister, godspeed. (when did they stop calling it coxsackie virus?)
when people kept snickering at "coxsackie," i think. this is her 2nd (almost done) bout. i'm taking my zinc/napping today.
the big 12 already has houston, so it's going to need good reason to expand with cougars.
with all those texas kids, shouldn't kansas be better? asked half laughing and half crying by ku grad (me)
look how many superfund sites are in texas
texas carcinogenic hellhole.
pics from last week when i wore ao dai for the 1st time are basically the vietnamese version of glamour shots
you look awesome!!!
the mayor's continues in at 10 a.m.
doesn't the fire dept. have a grant that requires them to maintain a certain number of firefighters?
think about it. if there's really such thing as "non-contagious bacterial pneumonia," how did hillary catch it?
best get your affairs in order your about to commit suicide .
i've been stopping this whole time
red lights are they and we didnt even realize
i really don't fuck with bobby shmurdas attempt to play victim. he was fucked over but come on man.
don't claim to be a man and when you do something wrong you try and sugar coat it.
and most of top nfl draft players are multi sport folks
yes, skills are transferable. what you learn in one sport can be used in others.
the 3 champions we have right now are , &amp; . does this finally make up for ?
takes a lot more to make up for that awful push
i don't agree with the sitting out the anthems, but those are private club teams. this is the us national team.
i don't believe there should be a difference, but that's what opinions are all about.
amazing shot of queen+adam in tel aviv by israel herman fb
i bet the band was awesome!!! i want to see them here in nyc. either at msg or barclays in brooklyn!!!!
i might try that ..
it works like a charm
i'm such a good qa look at that terrible sentence.
whatever that means. i'll take your word ;)
a bunch of people have said that this week. that's messed up!!
i wanna throw it so bad lol but what good would that do? smh gonna purge a bunch of junk might be part of the issue
from what i have heard, the lie does not exist. i haven't been active lately tho so i'm out of the loop lol
i don't know, your unopened condoms beg to differ.
very powerful, award-winning short film directed by . definitely worth a watch.
cool short except for that one cop, bob gray, that could have been better cast, :p
43 with busch beer decal on front fender.
woah, that's not allowed!
you know how i constantly respawn into a better version of myself? mentally and physically in process, again.
ahhh ok. i feel it. yass.
in the case of dingle, we need to give a true public servant like that the support they need, ie, vote in more progressives.
it's like all the demonization of teachers, as if it is there fault.. ridiculous. where is the focus on adminstrators?
would be cool.
how is a grand championship match different from a normal one?
luke cage looks good and so does doctor strange!
it's a good time to be a comic book fan, so much to watch!
i cry feel sick can't breathe then i'm tough
it's hard to see a child go through that
oh my god i just went through this whole thing (should i make the same one except with the kardashian family?)
yes please. i suggest downloading your tweet archive and using the search function
streaming now
thursday episode was
that perfectly sums up the mindset of corkonians
not being able to do mathematics?
yes!! i moved to bed-stuy so it's super lit
i found not one but both of my ids sooo yeah its fuckin lit
i cry feel sick can't breathe then i'm tough
when theirs nothing you can do
california teacher lowers students' grades for not standing during the pledge of allegiance.
send her a bonus check
i found five dollars in the street. i am officially accepting clients as a financial advisor
when this happened to me i mr krabbs memed irl it was incredible what a come up congrats i'm happy for u
hard to imagine 's childhood was as he described. no way one comes out so damaged and without empathy if adequately nurtured.
on point and well stated.
in the case of dingle, we need to give a true public servant like that the support they need, ie, vote in more progressives.
same shit. adminstrators, school boards blame teachers to divert focus from them selves. congress blames corporations.
buffalo bills have the ugliest uniforms in the league.
lol jets needed that win
today: &amp; sadly we will say the word "birther".
so excited except for the sad parts! sad!
is this a poll that isn't showing up or are you just being creepy?
it's the most important poll you'll take all day!
wait what? i don't have to leave my house are you serious?
omfg i dont have to leave my house yesss
i'm gonna jump out the window if we somehow end up in a "who's the *real* birther?" debate.
the media can't let t's surrogates get away with lying.
treating a racist, bigoted, xenophobe like an avuncular 70 year old is part of the reason he may become potus. bravo
i get fallan is entertainment-,but again dt stears clear of seriousness &amp;plays the fool.hes not runnin 4 ur town mayor folks
one thing that distinguishes mode media from other silicon valley failures is that people are not pretending to grieve for mode.
well, they owe us all money.
if trump is about to do what i think he's about to do, i think it's going to backfire on him quite badly.
if his story is "hillary invented birtherism and i'm the one who debunked it," that's an obvious lie, not unusual for trump. but.
i'll go out of my way to get away from whatever i'm doing just so i can tap out a rhythm pattern or something
same, voice memos are my best friend
you're going down avery... and your is going down with you
imagine this is me with a bag of candy corn:
i can't wait for them to come back
i know honestly that was my fav part
what's going on with the show? when/where can we see it?!
we're on the lookout for a platform to air the show-keep following and we'll let you know!
never once again now with greater frequency changing amplitude yet the spin is slower now
or was that 'post-mortem'?
it is not ravens over browns, i can tell you that much.
really, how come?
it's sad &amp; disappointment because he had the power and the station to make something truly special; genuine african sci-fi
i had such high hopes when i saw district9.....
work board n get a reward your choice . that's it
teachers here do the same good rewards crt
i don't know any tribe that collectively supports the name. what you get are shrugs caused by 400 years of colonization &amp; fear.
maybe it's some of the tribe's leaders speaking for their people.
1/2 how does business add japanese &gt; ramen as category?
2/2 what is an appropriate category for a restaurant that serves oysters? 572e70e4498e66d841e9c25e
add this badass combo move circuit from autumn to your workout routine. it'll kick your booty &amp; tone your arms!
this workout studio is adorable!!! i want one just like it.
hate to say it, but cardinals over bucs
i can't pick the cards twice, not that i would anyway after last week...
let me just clarify here for a minute: you both use wash clothes? everyday. you + spouse each has own washcloth.
no! i'm not 95 years old. nor do i want to be washing washcloths 24 hrs a day. i use my hands.
naps improve everyone's day
that's why i'm sayinggg
i no longer have a lapel pin, because i gave mine to aaron sorkin. so worth it.
wouldn't it be funny if aaron suddenly received bunch of pins from the fans? .
that "i look stupid?" face
you look so grown where has time goneeeeee. beautifulllls as always
"come over &amp; lets watch himym all night"
i swear. our entire summer
oh! then i'll need to look it up! thanks! ;)
did you want the full version of the song?
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
and that's as close to the white house you ever get.
let's just repeat "... desperate in their clumsy navet" with gusto.
i would never miss a chance to guffaw at someone's navet
i don't believe in upsetting special needs kids
no you want to make their day smooth
he notified the police and the police failed. joepa did his part. he was a scapegoat.
no, he didn't. please, enlighten me on that one.
if his story is "hillary invented birtherism and i'm the one who debunked it," that's an obvious lie, not unusual for trump. but.
it's not a lie about the terms of some business deal. it's about what he's done in our faces for years, what made him politically prominent.
you just parrot what the ny times tells you to say
i read books, magazines and newspapers, including the wsj. you should try it sometime.
yes. but i need to relax for a couple days
then relax you must !!
surprised me too. of course, they'll be playing a few blocks from me, may be a good boredom activity.
yeah we have a minor league hocky team i can walk to. not a hockey fan, but still a fun night out.
let's just repeat "... desperate in their clumsy navet" with gusto.
for the sole sake of saying such a beautiful word
today! talks about and the legacy of first ladies. watch:
do flotus consider the era initiative in their service activities for the nation?
so i think it's safe to say that walk off home run and the announcement of is the definition of a exceptional thursday.
also, i think it must be said that my next hat in my collection should be pink.
so, how was your thursday night?
he's here!!! congrats, so happy for you!
the way i see it, just more time for fans to steel themselves for inevitable heartbreak.
joking aside, cubbies are scary good. should be a wild postseason. will be cheering for my as hopeful . !
the fact that i get up at 6-6:30 in the summer for work, but i struggle to be ready by 9:30 during the semester makes no sense to me
cause that paper
all four beckham children are already developing their personal brands
and will also need psychiatric care
how good is this!?
reminds me when rooney cookied kompany
omg! wendy's back in 3 days!
countdown is on
hitler apparently
i've lost track of who the new "h" is.. seems to change every day.
they were given to me by one of the sisters of perpetual indulgence at a gay bar. haven't had a need to use any yet tho lol
you wouldn't be using them anyway, if you wanted to go from a pop-tart to a twinkie.
italian woman kills herself after leaked sex tape goes viral (via )
so so sad :(
that's an odd response.
no, it's not. we put everyone through a standard process to eliminate bias.
.. apple is still ignoring one of the biggest iphone engineering flaws of all time via
i'm having this problem. i used it as an excuse to upgrade to a 7+, but i'm hoping the 6+ lasts until delivery
it's not a lie about the terms of some business deal. it's about what he's done in our faces for years, what made him politically prominent.
it is a lie that -- maybe -- even some voters who don't realize trump has been lying to them all the time will know is a lie.
obama approved $4.6m to refugees for emotional support, "they have it tough"
as 74% of america makes up the middle and lower class. we will take care of ourselves first
if sideways ..so would i lol you could've said oats
damn could've
current status: $ sudo apt install nodejs $ node -v v6.6.0 props to /!
shouldn't it install v4 until october?
congratulations to &amp; - we are over the moon with happiness for you both!
congrats!!! now the blanket from italy will come in handy. so happy for ur family!!
i love the news!!!
dear katie why is everyone in msm orange now? pls. advise. yours in terror, lb
i have a cap rising and i swear to god this is why i was w all my exes for so long holy shit.
same boat sis. same boat.
an old and homeless man to beat, what a hero. i hope he gets a practical karma.
i wish i could have been there to pound the crap out of that thug.
didn't even know people still used apple maps lol
i didn't, i wanted to see what updates they made
usda support for ag concepts - gacs - is important call out here at
. and we'd love to have you help take the gacs beta to a true agrisemantic framework for all of us
i am sure i will! it shall keep me company on a long flight to korea tomorrow. ;)
ahhh have a safe and fun trip :)
it is a lie that -- maybe -- even some voters who don't realize trump has been lying to them all the time will know is a lie.
not just those who know trump was wrong about this. also ones who were buying into it when trump pushed this theory past 2011.
but that has connotations
oats or cucumbers
dude yes nightcall
it gives me all the feels !!!
this is my ultimate garbage face
its also my new icon
wells fargo's cross-sell goals led to scandal. now nation's no. 8 bank heralding cross sell $wfc $pnc
can't pnc learn from wells fargo's mistake?
trump on obama's citizenship: 'we have to keep the suspense going, ok?' | getty
obama never was and never will be an american, and certainly doesn't represent america values. end of story
watch live! go !!!we are with you no matter what
that "birther" advocacy may have originated with supporters of hillary clinton
in america, distrust of atheists is high but stable. distrust of muslims is growing.
most surprised by the athiest numbers tbh
lmfaooo he a crack head tho
oh shit lmaoo
i'd probably describe my health lifestyle as "enjoys working out but also enjoys free bagels"
don't trust anyone who doesn't enjoy free bagels.
can't believe it didn't go in
mannnnnn inches away! great form/shot though
i almost feel bad for having 6 of my children excommunicated, imprisoned and executed. almost.
eh. they know what they did. (usually: be born with garbage stats.)
did daughter do this?
this is simply valet parking for gone wrong. happy mooncake day!
hillary would win 60-40 if she said i have a three point plan: 1) medicare for all 2) free college 3) $15/hr min wage
stop it! that's not wonky incrementalism! bore slower and harder!
you ever go to look at a random person's tweet and realize you're blocked? like wtf did i do to you?
and this a brand new twitter, too. so i couldn't have done anything lol
i know , but you could drive one of these days when you get a vacation
yes im def gonna be there for christmas !
i remember this. too funny
&gt; works with all your headphones!
trump is trying to rewrite his history of birtherism. this is what really happened.
trump wins best at obfuscating award! congrats to him!
not just those who know trump was wrong about this. also ones who were buying into it when trump pushed this theory past 2011.
to borrow a phrase from a prominent man, "how stupid are the people of this country?" he's finally underestimating the public intelligence.
's decision (which audubon supports) was more nuanced and less cynical than "appeasement"
i'd argue the immense political pressure brought to bear was a major factor in outcome.
where were they?
in a drawer with winter clothes i was switching stuff over
gotcha! thank you! was so confused! lol! ps loved the jose llana episode! my vote for next episode is
we'd love to have kelli on the show!!
no one's probably not buying the series 2 watch because its not in stock in stores yet.
apple guy told me they have them
your not the best at reading eh 1.never said it was bad 2.lehman bro's isn't an exchange 3.i said gox is an exchange. 3/3 wrong
lmao if you don't think lehman exchanges your money for stocks. why won't u address the fact i experience nothing you are sayn?
no! i'm not 95 years old. nor do i want to be washing washcloths 24 hrs a day. i use my hands.
wait wait, so you just pump the body wash into hands? how many pumps per shower? this is madness.
so, how was your thursday night?
congratulations!!
nars tinted moisturizer or laura mercier tinted moisturizer? any users of either? pros/cons?
i always liked . most recently though i have been mixing some of my normal foundation with .
what tool did you use??
scratch jeff!
"for five years, [trump] led the birther movement to de-legitimize our first black president." -
"his campaign was founded on this outrageous lie. there is no erasing it in history." -
ima keep the hair for two more weeks, dont take you melanin away from me. i wasnt strong enough
awww no it's okah the hair looks good on you as well love
also, my birthday is tomorrow and i get the feeling that no one in the family will feel like celebrating
happy early birthday
so goddamn fine, probably the finest rapper to exist on planet earth but my god you are a cornball.
he just a gangsta. gotta respect the thug life ! you dont know what meek did
. this gao report on remittances is good: i think theres so many ways to do it, ends up being simple
long time no talk! i'm digging into this subject and found this report super helpful. just wanted to say thanks 4 the link.
, now when will poor uneducated european americans learn voting values for r does nothing to help them. ur turn. what's your answer?
european americans? what the hell are you talking about?
come by the cartozia table at spx to say hi, ok?
absolutely!! you're on my list - i was thrilled to see you'd be there!
one boy's mum died and the other adhd nice kids
just need a person with patience 2 guide em
omfg i dont have to leave my house yesss
its on vudu laundry can wait 2 more hours, it's already been all summer
anybody see last night, ? let me know
i need ringo's shoes
flashback friday. trump on "today," peddling birtherism in 2011.
-original birther.
i hate it when hotels have body wash instead of bars of soap.
think of the waste though... you can't leave a part-used bar of soap for the next guest
no need for insults lil homie. detracts from the principle.
. i don't follow you yet you're speculating on my posts. i use it for international money exchange. you come with all that extra.
yes, i'm currently in therapy
i'm cracking up here at work ..terri
ravens still figuring out their skill positions, mccown's had success vs. them, they always play close games in cleveland.
touche. thx!
i think needs to get this.
omg yes!!!! we need this! vie sagt man "can't wait to scare my kids" in deutsch?
live shot of you throwing money away on candy corn
i'm not sure if i should be offended cuz you think i'm an old granny or joyful because you think i have baskets of money
there are only four chandeliers in the ballroom at the trump hotel in dc
the gaul. only 4. losing his gaucheness?
watching the nfl on twitter "didn't feel very twitter-y. at all."
do u even like football?
um, please back off my girlfriends. thank you. hi sam and cori can we hang out n be cute soon pls. ty.
um yes but elena is actually my gf too... sooooo it's like a package deal yfm
been thinking about him year honored. next year reduced to could that happen
so true. i've had something similar. i was demoted when a new dept chair was brought in. it took it' toll. i was luckier.
when will abortion advocates stop pretending abortion doesn't kill children and hurt women?
the lets pretend is a cop-out excuse 2 murder the unborn they consider the unborn as a nuisance to their body+sexual pleasure
wow marc jacobs is an idiot
business 101: don't speak on what you don't know
2k drops next week. iphone today. i like i'm back in high school again lol
our girlfriends won't hear from us for weeks! ha
wait wait, so you just pump the body wash into hands? how many pumps per shower? this is madness.
sometimes it takes a few trips but ya.
nearly as good as 'the cloying and desperate frivolity of rococo convention'.
omg love this, keep them coming
i miss mac millers old sound
he's not a druggy anymore, his whole sound switched up
have an awesome weekend
happy weekend to all!!
i don't understand how trump's campaign isn't in the trash can with everything he says and does.
i almost admire his brilliance of appealing to the idiots of america because there are so many of them.
amazingly poor strategic decision
she was not the one who started it. in 2004, illinois political candidate andy martin started it.
hey ! we don't but we do offer a 100 night risk-free trial to make sure leesa is that mattress of your dreams!
my bed has been friggin awesome...
donald trump should hire the iraqi information minister. that guy was awesome and it seems like they'd be a fun team
i've been saying that for a while! i think they'd make a fun team to watch.
8th track: throw it down for a pound
9th track: throw it back for a rack
intervention services needed?
every fall fights the natural call to enjoy candy corn
been thinking about him year honored. next year reduced to could that happen
my guess it was some kind of office politics combined with being a pain in the ass. that's what happened to me.
it's my partner 's birthday today! she loves ya, coop! could you send her a cup of birthday coffee?
have a good one monica!
actually, they're better in nj! for real, but yes, the others are not bagels. they are rubbery imitations.
maybe i'll have to venture there to try them....
agreed but hrc &amp; bill have gotten a pass from msm for 2 long &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
fine, put him on trail (is it pass stat of lim?). i don't think he's the one running for president.
2005 wgc american express playoff. tiger vs. daly. watch how quick daly is ready to hit. and blows it past him!
is he going to pick up a cigarette after the tee shot????
this is trending this morning.
thanks for sharing. after last nights game i needed a good laugh this morning.
premiere "what is and what should never be" video
can you dig john paul jones pants
.-"the next 53 days will determine the next 50 years." quotes maya angelou-"when someone shows you who he is, believe them."
.: "barack obama was born in america&amp;donald trump owes us all an apology."
"timmy" was all anyone ever called lincecum. just saying.
: right (but really not accurate). in any case, lincecum was/is....not black?
, now when will poor uneducated european americans learn voting values for r does nothing to help them. ur turn. what's your answer?
you think hillary will provide jobs you have a brain disorder. name one thing she and obama did for the poor that hasn't failed?
what lured you into white racism? black feller stole your boyfriend?
no, niggers shot up my neighborhood and crashed into my car. you?
tickets were $20!!
they still are for rocky horror :)
how bout you take several seats with this post?
facts never in my life was i compatible with a taurus
dang, i didn't even know this was an issue! hope that apple has fixed it for the 7, i've got a 7+ on the way too!
article says that force touch in the 6s generation means they moved the chips so i'm optimistic
video chat with hottest girls she will fulfill your desires for a few dollars!
super hot woman!!!!!
update: the snapping turtles are now the size of sherman tanks and visited me the other day asking to do my bidding.
oh no! watch out for sherman and his tanks! he's gonna f*ck you up!
statement from u.s. soccer on espn2 broadcast.
do you think the playing and the singing of the 3rd verse of the anthem would be more acceptable? would you stand for that?
people with reservations or just to buy phone only?
no reservations! they are setting up times for reservations later today if you are buying a phone locked on a payment plan.
i found this and haven't looked back.
i had a jar but had to toss it a few weeks back. it could have used that.
i've never liked the feeling and sound of double pressing it
me neither. i prefer pressing the screen edge to invoke multitasking.
it's so refreshing to see african parents like the adenuga's.
agreed. vegan. award winning smh
what happened?
i sold an hour of my time for $9
which is your favorite corey?
every corey
you're cool. your github is bomb. ferossss, i like that name.
thanks! very nice of you :)
my father spent his life building &amp; creating jobs. hillary spent her life selling out america &amp; telling lies. who do you want to lead?
-handsdown hc ur-daddy cant stop lying&amp; has been screwing ny 4yrs as a nyer, i know better than most-god help us
a better question is does trump know anything about what's he's suggesting!
trump has no idea what to do. he just regurgitates conservative policies given to him. trump = g.w. bush iii.
you mean this one?
yup. susan will assist whoever is chosen as editor and will write for the vertical.
dear agent cooper, im turning 39 today! im back in college and in class all day.. will you send me some bday love?
happy birthday beano!
hope everything is going and goes well love you sis
thank you sis
per census: ~5m uninsured live in households earning 138-200% of fpl (partly family glitch effect).
right, or undocumented. also, census fpl not quite the same as marketplace's.
i keep saying i want nyc and sf to have a baby. but really i just want nyc to have better weather and chill tf out
no but really, if i had work life balance and outdoorsy things to do in nyc i would never leave.
charles kinsey...bad cop...perfect example
ok. i'm done with this thread.
second person in to the shadyside apple store this morning
is that the plus model?
when america lost iraq and allowed shiite iran(indo-european, not arab) to extend influence to 4 arab capitols, saudi's pissed and fund isil
san'aa, beirut, damascus, baghdad all shiite controlled. all heavy hezbollah and even quds presence via iran.
lord help me this morning. my man is off. mr. right-winger himself is in on . let us pray! for will, ppl
won't be watching if will cain is on! he is the worst analysts!
when yu in jail mfs do not give a fuck about you on the outs
welcome to the club nigga
both lmao coughs
good thing i didn't day carrots
the saga continues. after finally preordering plus, and waiting in store for an hour, they apparently don't have inventory.
have never seen this happen with . apparently there are people waiting in line for phones that don't know they aren't actually here.
congrats!!!you deserve it!!!
thanks hailey
don't call in yelling when you want us to give you a credit on your bill when you definitely deserve the charges/fees.
and don't automatically ask for a supervisor either. they can tell you no with a swiftness, and hang up. i can be nice and give it to you
will you make it back to aus in time for the biggest game of the year?
. like god, i will be viewing the from above. 35,000 feet above
so watch your back, rude clerk at home depot
yeah that's right home depot dave! bill and sherman gonna f*ck you up!
's () reflections on why she's leaving law and teaching at are really powerful
i read her fb statement,happy for , what excites me more is the personal evolution she seems to be on.
. and ur friends that lost all that money was their fault for leaving money in an exchange and not a wallet. no remorse.
. leaving ur money in an exchange is like leaving your savings in "the bank of uncle larry". including and i use them.
hahaha where did you end up?
in a small time community college in a small town in new york. see. we are on the same page.
if trump is elected president, this photo will chase jimmy fallon forever.
nah, trump will probably make him secretary of state...
no, but sometimes it can have problems. you may have better luck clearing cookies &amp; trying internet explorer or a mobile phone
thank you! worked on safari, i guess it was only a problem on chrome.
sometimes you may feel god is hard on you &amp; doesn't love you... truth is he loves you to much to leave you the way you are.
well said. i used 2 get angry w/ god if i didn't get my way. now i know that he sees the whole picture &amp; wants the best for me.
people who are racists make everything that happens about race.
is that you?? normajean?? my ole fb pal??
9th track: throw it back for a rack
10th track: pop it for an old one
just a reminder that trump's hotel did not open ahead of schedule and under budget
god help america.
fox news poll: clinton and trump in a one-point race among likely voters via the app
trump success despite hrc outspending him w/monies from billionaires, sp interests, corp donors.
hi brian never met you but heard great things about you. here is me with your mate steve. malaga. hh
ah that's brilliant gary! small world he's there for a week's holiday! cheers for that mate. hh
next: senator bernie sanders joins the panel. tune in to msnbc now to watch the interview.
. even can't make me watch w/only mentality.
attention haters look what my mom sent me
if you don't have a linkedin, this would be enough reason to make one
whatever, fiance!
we are all alone in our own ways rachel
in the dark lol
stop it silly lady
:&gt;}_~wait!! what!!~ &amp; all ~happyfrhighdazed~
laughing @ 5am. fab!!
gangsters get on stage and call rappers out? he can see meek face to face if he so gangsta, he just wanted to be trending today
oh wow. i just read it, reading the headline i assumed they got into on stage. that was corny, he'll fuck meek up though
looks like pre-election, too
don't get your hopes up on this. hard to change ships mid-stream.
happy birthday you old bish!! i miss you! but i'll see you soon!
thank you!!! i miss you too lil bish!
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
how much are you overcharging rnc for the space?
when will you guys learn, we are not buy that bs. pell grants, aca, earn income tax credit, affrimative action, equal pay,
all those projects make blacks feel like second class citizens because their too stupid to accomplish things on their own merit
i was invited to speak at a conference in milan. i know this is commonplace for some of you...but, for me, this is a first!
omg yessssssss! you have to do it. which one?
the empathy test q's administered by the little girl all require creativity and subjectivity
did not consider the game as a voight-kampff test, wonder if those injections are a winter-soldier type control mechanism
it's goneeeee tbh it's just standard algorithm questions. i'm just disappointed that it happened
was there any embarassing "lol our interviewer sux" context attached or just the question dump?
or ellie goulding!?
i have a suspicion chris is taking the intern position kanye style and will then just bust out into the scene
if you ain't know me bet you know now
knew fone who dis
.'s 11/16 show is now on sale!
its not working help says tickets arent on sale
statement from u.s. soccer on espn2 broadcast.
love her talent, heart and courage.
ok thanks. i have a reservation at 8am so no line for that?
i don't think so! but i'm also not 100% sure.
the only thing i hate about iphones is the chargers suck and always break on me.
they're only supposed to charge lol what are you doing to them
have never seen this happen with . apparently there are people waiting in line for phones that don't know they aren't actually here.
i'm not a crazy person so didn't flip out... but what now? they took my name and number and said they'd call me.
i hope u go as hard in life like u do for ur precious bitcoin,u'd b the next neil degrasse,u on some gollum lord of rings shit lol
i go suuuper hard in life. you'd know this if you followed and commented on other posts. then you would be privy to this info.
i was deadass about to tweet boycottmarcjacobs, but turns out it's already a hashtag
what happened
you around to have a little chat? need some cheering up and you tend to do that?
hey you! hope you're feeling better ;)
we should just make the whole country a gun free zone. that has worked really well. ask the families in newtown.
why, here they are, families of newton. hear them speak about gun control just as you asked:
curiosity: have you ever bought a book because of a book trailer?
literally never and i've had trailers for my books before!
every time donald trump wants 2talk jobs &amp; economy media &amp; hillary clinton talk racism &amp; hate
it's all they have.
what, you are living in my dreams.
there will be a lot of singing and tears.
everyone needs to stop using top-of-the-line macbook pros as their primary test devices
if you still want a mac, but also a taste of what the rest of the world experiences, get a macbook 12"
pic of who fam? you diabolical lmao
of you bro that shit i was gonna sell it to but i ain't gonna sell my bro out for cash lmfao
people who aren't racists have no problem saying president barack obama was born in hawaii.
i'm not racist but there is too much proof stating otherwise. also, why seal if nothing to hide??
happy 20th cousin, my mans finally in the dubs lol i miss you and love you to death mane, since fourth grade.. ima see you !
thanks cousin love you to life
where is that magical view?
printing house!
laying in bed naked and doesn't want to fornicate.
what a lucky man. ": laying in bed naked and doesn't want to fornicate."
howdy neighbour...spare me a square?
lol...we may need a shovel or two to clean up this mess ;)
hillary is toast i'll toast to that bleed red 4 trump render your verdict nov 8
don't toast too soon, we tend to slack off when ahead, we need to crush them!
trying to come out tonight big dog
mhmmmm yaaa duude where at
y'all where can i buy some silicon mix conditioner?
check on freedom, they prolly have some.
and here is the clinton campaign's latest focus...will it work? how will donald trump handle?
jenna, tell her shut up. she called trump a liar....hahahaha
if you still want a mac, but also a taste of what the rest of the world experiences, get a macbook 12"
it has a processor that is slower than an iphone 6s in a laptop :)
20 risk-free bitcoing trades. no experience needed. try for free today!
you the type of ninja that fall for these scams ^^ lmao!!! send me your address i'll send you some bitcoin.
rev. faith green-timmons gently put a plug in trump's mouth &amp; he meekly obeyed. then he turned on her
fat bitch did the whole thing as a setup fuck her
you look so grown where has time goneeeeee. beautifulllls as always
thank you my love ! and congrats on your beautifullll marriage
they like to be told what to do cause they can't think for themselves. sad.
you supporters r gonna feel so conned ,u will b denying you voted 4 him ( a nyer)
"we're going to invest in communities that have been left out and left behind." -
you should have been doing that already!!! 30+ years
the jimmy john's is blasting taylor swift at 6:55 am
why is jimmy johns open at 7 am
had a great time last night viewing the art show opening reception! congrats homie!
thanks for coming dude!
trivia?: which nba slam dunk champion wore this shoe in the white/blue colorway? ...
what are those called i've never seen them ?
:&gt;}_~going natural~ &amp; all ~happyfrhighdazed~
one of the og's...
hey, lucky you! were you and your friends checking out practice?
actually we were just sitting there and this team just happened to be practicing at the same time!
its friday - finish the week off with green spot or yellow spot from
we agree, big fans, but don't forget the absolutely sublime green spot bordeaux cask finish! we carry all 3.
the cat climbing the wall? i've had to look at it a couple of times. i retweeted it. fascinating things @ yupthatexist
i was talking about the shrimp one. shooting the shrimp out of that air-cannon. that was funny as hell
an actress needs to die because you don't like her performance? you are a fucking disgrace.
needs to die in the show, not in real life, that's what i meant and andrea knew exactly what i meant!
i need your help tweeple: after buying back into a survivor pool (suck it, cards), what is the safest week 2 pick?
49ers playing sunday afternoon after mnf and travelling across the country
come to my talk on sunday 1pm. i'll help you wrap your brain around database
scheduled it!!
question to ponder this morning for those of us who like to smile &amp; think of "ally" as add'l to just "being human".
confused what the question is...
the nongroup market is about 3-4m enrollees short of stabilizing premiums at a reasonable place.
viewed another way, by kaiser estimates marketplace &amp; whole nongroup at about 2/3 capacity. need 85-90%
let me know how it is!!!
it was good! kinda pricey for 10 oz of black coffee but still good
it has a processor that is slower than an iphone 6s in a laptop :)
after using it, you learn pretty quickly which developers care about perf (hint: not twitter, not spotify)
not necessarily beautiful, it this is one of my go-to videos for a laugh:
adorable. animal friends make my morning.
not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it's faced.
everyday i wake up hoping to hear was picked up by someone like or . i need to know the rest!
you already know bro. we talked about these moments... hold it down
this is a fact
and when i said that twitter is going in the right direction, i thought it would be cool if we got to see monday games too.
that be awesome dude
ted is def jam poetry for educated well paid people.
there are plenty ted talk accessible to people in the community. not only well paid.
this is very much you
when you're right you're right
when you click on "jimmy fallon" to see why its trending and all you see is circus monkeys comments about him being a bigot.
we have located the video of one of them.
+1 - i couldn't vote in the poll because that wasn't an option
ok ok, new poll! vote again!
i think it's so hard to drink and it's so bitter but gab lives n breathes for it
i like bitter black coffee so it works for me, i drank it so fast it almost went down too easy lol
donald trump wants the united states to become a nation that steals from its enemies.
he"already has" gotten away advocating4war crimes.most likely can continue2.where does obfuscation stop?
she's being all coy this morning
too pure, too precious. all the feelings!
like dad never heard of david duke: trump jr.: 'i've never even heard of pepe the frog' the white nationalist image
trump's are chronicle lier it's there nature
do you bypass the belkin router to see if there is service at the modem when you lose the signal? ^mm
yes, it is definitely not the router. that was of course the first thing i checked. same problem w/ diff router and direct con.
she's supported and smeared these victims for years
then don't vote for her. what do you want me to tell you?
hey today is my brithday and i was wondering if i could get a shout out on the radio. i love you all!!
of course! happy birthday love! what's your name and city? how old are you turning?
they're all pending! if someone doesn't go through with their purchase it'll free up
lame how there were barely any tickets left for general on sale cuz of presales *sadface*
ah, you should! lots of spices and bold flavors. or, you could just come eat with us, and we'll do the cooking! :)
we would love to but my wife and i couldnt afford to eat there. maybe one day though.
when you see one of your students looking at another kids test.. do you say something or let it go because you understand the struggle
absolutely terrible but let the brother slide it's friday
im hungover asf and about to get a root canal..
goodluck boo ull be great!!!!
got torched yesterday &amp; he's just not a head coach he needs to be a dc
matt forte gets busy
nothing i don't even mess with my phone when it charges and they still break on me.
lol i've had mine for years. can't relate
new study finds that medical may be helping to curb the
that's like saying going to a clinic for pills curbs drug use. it fills in for the problem. might as well drug everyone every day.
mt : share this on your walls and in your groups!
- how the hell did we get here ?? wake up america. stop the madman now
glad i'm still needed for some things.
i would have let you fix it. especially that "go to home depot at 4pm" part.
hillary clinton and president obama met for 15 minutes at the chci event tonight, per a clinton aide.
probably to collect his payment from hrc for supporting her
ummm i am an investor so i view everything tht adds value like an investment,so yes there is a difference from a conventional user
. "i view everything tht adds value like an investment" then you know fiat currency isn't a sound investment. neither is
today would be a good day for to release his tax returns.
yesterday was a good day for trump to release tax returns. duh!
the only fantasy here is that you guys think that will say no to 3/4 billion
will see sucka when jan comes don't be mad
i could vomit!
you'll have to wait in line, nance. what. a. . show. (keeping w/your emoji theme...)
they're all pending! if someone doesn't go through with their purchase it'll free up
also a few of my friends had their "carts emptied" after entering all their info
last night was wavy with . pleasure meeting you and your squad!
link soon!
these salty ass white folks need more earth, wind, and fire in their ears.
i'm only salty because there isn't any sound coming out of that gif.
nah. just when he said "i can sleep with whoever i want. you can't tho."
people dont say this in real life. come on now lol
i think you're still pissed off that it's so hard for an asian to say "glory hole."
for some reason you make me wish antiretrovirals had never been invented.
~+ sampha will sellout in the next 3 minutes +~
they already gone b ha
lol aw kimmm. scorpio men are the devil
now i know. i will never fck w/ one again
i dunno. i thought i was joining at the keynote. i'm honored to have either as my keynote date ;-)
we'll both be there, and luckily for you we'll put our names in the slides so you can tell us apart. :-)
"when will he stop this ugliness?": clinton blasts trump's refusal to say obama was born in u.s.
obama refused to say he was born in us in 91. it was not a "mistake".
he's on the roster under reserve/suspended by commissioner
in other words he's done as a new york giant
reporter aboard the press plane says this is "yet another example of trump's total mistreatment of the press"
he learned that from the clintons
record of the year? might have it.
why, thank you very much!
do you know what a "clopening" is? mayor explains. call in with your questions: 212-433-9692.
. why are on some of the busiest roads? buses, cars and bikes together is chaos. can this change?
ima wait till i'm in cali to cop 2k.. that'll be the perfect housewarming present to myself lol
let me know when you get here
"when will he stop this ugliness?": clinton blasts trump's refusal to say obama was born in u.s.
so when was obama lying, 1991 or 2009? you decide.
why? i was gonna go there this weekend too
i had it once it was dummy good, the then had it twice after that wasn't sitting right in my stomach
ummm i am an investor so i view everything tht adds value like an investment,so yes there is a difference from a conventional user
. but is great to pay people with low(er) transaction fees. than we use today. which is my whole point until you trolled
unholy levels of fine
i almost feel bad for thinking he so damn fine smh
i'll be rooting for my this season but i'll be loving &amp; forever for this tee
nicks and brooklyn nets
i wish this level of expertise happened in the uk. sadly not! :/
it could happen!!
dollars in free money. ronnie is kissing libbys ass right now for somekinda public $
we don't need public $ like las vegas we have investors with $$$$$
it was lovely meeting you last night!
we were typing the same message at the same time ! you beat me to it. i'm so glad we got to talk! and congrats again!
saw this and it occurred to me you have existed in many times, many forms
she is a queen!
no prompter for trump at hotel rally. couple hundred supporters here with press in seats in back.
i hear the bar has some very pricey drinks.
great episode! i wanted to check the blog post that you mention at 7:10. could you post a link?
edited--thanks for listening!
the point is if we engage publicly but not denounce what's happening, then silence is compliance. (3/3)
i love you, marieke. i also love that someone sent me a screencap of v's tweet before it was deleted.
pop out ..... headed to my v now !
coming out now
i saw him onstage in philly on 9/9/16, but max wouldn't let him play his drums on that night.
he played in philly last week
since they don't verify email, the kid doesn't receive email from these services, and i can reset the passwords and lock them out.
i'm curious how you know it's a kid?
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
yep, starting early...
donald trump looks at women and decides how their looks rate on a scale of one to 10.
so sexist. he must be hitler!
lol behave .. me???? no way
that's true
today in therapy we finally touched on my original trauma. i did not need a barf bucket. i am as proud as a kid who didn't puke on a plane.
that's really awesome! :d you should go treat yourself to something today!
met for the first time yesterday and i love her lol
omg that was fun i love u too hehe
just hours ago, published a piece in which trump dismissed birther questions &amp; wouldn't disavow. now a jason miller statement?
t rump only made the birthed problem so that obama would have a difficult time doing his job. was color/race thing
and that column...well, i quit reading it half way through.
"when europeans first settled this country..."
so excited to see next week in nyc!! ready to be blown. away. blown away.
thank you, alex! looking forward to seeing you too!
lots of fake news sites, plus most don't hide the fact if you look at the about page. lots of eyeballs = advertising $
but i still don't get the point of that article? what's the target audience?
due in six days... i'd rather it be like three tho i'm over being pregnant
5 more months for me
tv show quantico has a scene in new york but the bike share system looks like in canada.
sure does. the ads over the rear wheels are a dead giveaway.
i was told this is the way you win. nobody sleeps and nobody gets tired!!!
you're right, cant sleep in full until we get another !
it is true when you go to sleep thinking about something you dream about it
sometimes. you dont even realize it was on your mind a lot of the time.
spending time with my baby brother in pa
where in pa donna?
now i wish i'd made one of those options be "literally never" but i guess "why" covers a similar base
oh i did not read why in that way but i see now
yeah that nigga enjoys life
deadass bro that nigga really living life lol he's lit
trump basically can't lose here. he either "bravely defies political correctness," he "moderates," he lectures the press or blames it on hrc
trump's real safety net: huge numbers of racist voters.
i want to visit canada now..
dude i had this same thought not two days ago
after years of calling for kobani-style us air support, rebels reportedly kick out american sof from northern syria.
when is charles lister going to start writing cook books instead of this misery? :)
i found five dollars in the street. i am officially accepting clients as a financial advisor
i already spent it
blown save by dellin betances might have blown up yankees' season - via app
a lot of blowing going on here.
nice choice but you would compliment a corvette even more.
haha really ? i always been a tt girl
is bill running? are you for the racist alt right campaign?
he is &amp; he's one of the deplorables,no wonder he hates cos larry is everything he's not
lots of fake news sites, plus most don't hide the fact if you look at the about page. lots of eyeballs = advertising $
i mean, how many people are interested in the vwp for sa and kenya? a couple of thousand?
.: "[trump's] health concerns are nowhere near 's alarming medical history."
great report, a standard needs to be set on what constitutes complete medical records
the one that never broke on me was the original one that came with the phone and my friend dropped it out of his car.
fuckery. steal someone's original one
hillary campaign stealing from her poorest donors by overcharging their credit cards:
acting as a classic grifter. find chumps stupid enough to believe her and take all the money possible from them
i'm bout to peep it out
cinderella with ty$ is dumb smooth
we are sorry to hear of your experience. can you send us a direct message with your stay details and contact info? thank you
happy to; the staff was exceptionally helpful, great btw. do think a pickup system for airport hotel guests could be far simpler!
just saw mikhail grabovski at iceworks. he's working out in the gym, not on the ice. does not seem likely he'll be cleared for camp.
same as jack here. never see him working on the ice
elegance nails by the suffolk diner!! they r amazing, they give you a 10 minute leg massage
ok!! def going to try thanks !
these shirts are on fleek. should've gone to .
do you know anyone at travis? say, anyone who you do a study group with 2 evenings a week who might score you one? ;) ;p
"wilson, of course" she says to a bunch of white male sports fans who slept though hs/despise intellectuals
it would not matter if they stayed awake. wilson's record as a racist politician was not covered in class.
all of a sudden i must say
why are you awake so early!?
: says trump owes obama, americans apology over birther claims
hold on! her camp started the birther claims in 2008. this is bullshit
in 's defense, i'm lately getting _super_ confused by packages where it's not clear if it's official or not.
it's almost as if established trademark law had a purpose to it...
good thing they brought felton back to help run game...on field for 5 snaps last night
...and check the number from last season, felton also barely on the field last season!!!
mark wahlberg's request for pardon in attacking 2 vietnamese men has been withdrawn
mark should be supporting organizations like that helps people directly impacted by the cjs.
"let's reject the cynicism, the bullying, and the divisive rhetoric that my opponent is using to try and make us all afraid of each other."
dt is the campaign of "i am rubber you are glue, whatever i say bounces off of me and sticks to you"
this is a hot take from mims, usually a mild-mannered soul
i will die on this hill
people in new york think it's funny i actually know people who support trump
the south is so behind agh
this mercury in retrograde is . despite it all, there's some good news on deck, including an invite to the for !
congratulations . i'll see you there!
watch: is live streaming 's speech in dc now! tune in here:
can't wait to get the donald's birther update!
so what. men recycle their boring suits event after event
i'm pretty sure trump recycles that red tie. but it's really about the coincidence that it's the same outfit. very interesting.
should be interesting to see a similar chart from maven central
annual component download requests from central.
fucking cool allie
remember when i almost layed you out on montauk highway
whenever i'm in cali, however, i go to a bar and it's nothing but tech talk, which drives me crazy. there's more than tech! live life! :d
then they wonder why the burn out rate is so high. i've only been here 9mts from toronto, and am already feeling it
get me off this planet
i'm so sorry.
have you ever realized your outfit was a mistake less than an hour after you got to work and then you just had to deal with it all day
i've realized things are see-through before and put a sweatshirt on about 5 min after getting to the office.
paid for my brother's bakra at eidhi this year since he was out of town. now he's demanding 'proof of purchase' before reimbursing me
lol, i can't picture someone having a receipt for a bakra. hahaha
i thought the ifixit tear down showed that there was a sound chamber and mic by the other grill? (see step 7). or am i confused?
maybe i read it wrong but that grill is not the second speaker, the second speaker is at the top. might be a mic tho
i'm here for this
even the president is clapping at that one.
. i called at 12:01 to place my order no one was ahead of me in getting my iphone. fuck you. give me my phone
dude. you'll live. take it down a notch.
going to see kanye tonight &amp; tomorrow.
it's one of the best concerts i've been too. he's such an amazing entertainer
dude i hella would but i'm heading to la today for the weekend :-(
wow okay :-( make sure to kick my ex in the mouth for me. but let's hang soon!
do you know if they'll sell the new apple watch today or is it just the iphone ?
they seen to be selling it. last night they told me stock would be limited.
i think my science teacher has a minor addiction to la croix
omg that's me
the most legit email confirmation i've ever received. also, if you're heading to sxsl, hit me up
congratulations . i'll see you there!
does no other place there sell coffee?
there's the small restaurant, but it's more expensive and inconvenient (mugs, not to-go cups).
take a break! leave for 30 mins and eat
our break hasn't happened yet
full circle: i think very few of the undocumented uninsured earn &gt; 100% of fpl.
file this under "very superficial googling..."
i was there for both nights, and i saw vini shaking a tambourine on saint and spirit(vocals).
was it max or bruce decision
when events of global significance take place 20 mins from your house, it is worth getting out of pjs for. ;-)
haha solid mantra.
try reading john lott if you are such a fan of reading
no response to my sending you just what you asked for? reactions from newton parents? just more rhetoric? typical.
immediately changed the channel to fox bus 2 listen to clinton is nothing but a low-down dirty crook
looks like she's got a truckload of makeup on
how not? he needed to adjust, get them help, make a change in fly. good coaches do that
there's only so much you can do from the sidelines. he can't make these guys turn and look at the ball
i hope it is that hillary is dropping out!
we can only hope but it's mainly about birther issue.
dude i was so wasted i didn't even sleep! why are u awake so early !?
i always wake up early after. you a sav i fell asleep around 3 haha
what do we do when officers are actively hostile to cyclists?
we've moved onto porn and
do you know if they'll sell the new apple watch today or is it just the iphone ?
i also got the impression ceramic models would be very rare.
absolutely hate it when cup practices are not broadcasted on tv, ! no possible way to arrange that with any affiliate?
at least they are providing us an online option which is more than we used to get when no tv coverage
: says trump owes obama, americans apology over birther claims
- donald's racist hate speech attempting to discredit the first president of color is irredeemable &amp; disqualifying
maybe in yardage-only leagues.
i know he's been an elite td scorer, but so have the elite yardage guys who he is ranked "just" below most
... is currently developing a course: 'creating community ownership of the sdgs'
we'd love to chat more! would you pls ask may to email info.org
wow really hoping my little pal adores me from the minute i get him like the way i did ... fingers crossed
my heart is full
david staples: why pedestrians, cyclists and drivers hate on each other | edmonton journal
but what about the streetcar...?
i was curious..sammy 1st half on field for 24 of 26 snaps. 2nd half on for 16 of 27. 5 targets in his 40 snaps. 5 out of 31 passes by bills
for 5 targets, better off not to dress him so he can at least rest his foot!!! lol
excited to see the future of healthcare through the eyes of student leader program participants
it's going to be an amazing day here at !
hillary invented birtherism: 11 things the media won't tell you
obama's acton&amp;dystel biography stated by himself that he was born in kenya.was he lying in 1991 or in 2008? u decide.
cool... the fitness centers can now perform dxa and fit3d to assess body composition!
that is pretty cool!
congrats on the . see you there!
congratulations . ! i'll see you there!
try reading john lott if you are such a fan of reading
and i have read lott. and heard him speak. i actually think for myself.
my stomach hates me for putting milk in this coffee but i'm not about that soy life
they should have almond soon. i didn't realize they had it here already, but i guess they knew i was comin.
been looking for you sis
lol you got my number
never really been a huge mac miller fan but i'll give his album a listen.
he grew on me a lot. i fuck with mac
maybe in yardage-only leagues.
years. this was a bit diff -- esp. after romo -- but at first i saw him going wr4 or wr5.
an actress needs to die because you don't like her performance? you are a fucking disgrace.
i meant she should die on ftwd, just like she did on , not in real life! i'd never wish harm on anyone!!!
eric's baby book i have so many
i was wondering if that was eric lol you have to send me the rest
my son started preschool this week and lots of possible changes coming my way
that's awesome!!!
nicely done! glad your program gives you more complex cases to do once competence proved - as it should be
i agree. montessori like training to keep us constantly learning and interested.
is the media biased in its coverage of clinton's health? , , &amp; weigh in now on .
the media has been biased in sheltering hrc's shortcoming for far to long
cleveland is naming a street after don king where he once stomped a man to death
trump considering king for secretary of sleaze.
should be interesting to see a similar chart from maven central
for more stats related to central, try
lol that's true did u get a good buzz?
haha yeah i did. did you? your snapchat story though! so many feels lol
still a shame you won't stop them from buying guns because you take bribes from the .
let's not cast such harsh stones. lies so much that rugs are fighting her for real estate.
may catfished her whole school in fifth grade, and got caught
this is the facebook account that this creep made
gabby is having a full convo with our uber driver and i'm just like it's too damn early for this
r u ubering to class again.........
it was 2012. i was 19 going 20. he was 34. he thought i was just dumb.
he better sit his old head ass down somewhere
are you still looking for promoters? if not, how can i go about becoming one next year?!
right not its only open to last year's team but keep an eye on site &amp; socials for volunteer &amp; intern applications coming soon!
fishermen fearful obama will fence off more ocean |
obama is a two-bit race baiter that has no business experience, his actions have destroyed our job market ???
little bro's first paper. worth a read:
oooh, you better get yours out quickly. subtitles vs. ants!
i'll be doing social media for the / rally in new paltz! follow along:
where's the rally in np?
i am super excited to attend ! i literally get butterflies when i think about it. :-)
congratulations . ! i'll see you there!
at least she buried it and isn't getting haunted like we are
oh god that's probably why, i just left it there
be sure to keep this event on your radar!
thanks for sharing!
thank you my love you made my day.
i hope your day is amazing. i love your tweets
do you know if they'll sell the new apple watch today or is it just the iphone ?
update: no reservations for watches but there will be some. definitely seems limited.
polls have shown him repeatedly to take more from hrc than trump. anecdotally i know many millennials that fit this
johnson's votes have come mostly at expenses of gop. they are mostly the "galt-right"
very excited to visit charlotte bronte: an independent will tonight
let us know what you think! and share photos using :)
in 02-03 there may not have been a single person w/ more appearances on cable news arguing against an iraq invasion.
she had some nerve, being right!
happy friday, everyone! make today great!
that is not even close to frizzy hair.
lot of praise on rbny and rba from a few alianza players in their post game interviews. one gave a shout out to the southward.
link? is it on concacaf's youtube?
they were out of both coconut and almond i was pressed
oh. ew. yeah, no. soy is not good. not soy. never soy.
i just left my current job, and i'm looking for a new one starting october.
g'luck with the search! am now intensely curious about what you'd replace jenkins with
my first vacation since i don't know when that involve a racetrack. i'm at the beach !! haven't been to the beach in 8 years. yes i'm
good choice maybe next year do what i did my darlington trip was a combo racing/beach ; )
our upcoming holiday album 'a pentatonix christmas' will be released on 10/21, and we can't wait for you to hear it! more info coming .
i am freaking out
yep. today's wireless charging is mostly a gimmick. apple wants true wireless.
ugh i can't wait for the day. almost feels within reach but...
with my karma it'll break on me. and that's what i'll get for stealing it.
steal his charger he dropped yours. there's no karma for that
if did that to hilary the friction alone would create enough heat for her to pass out.
yes cuz she has brains under that hair. he doesn't.
best part about being in the us is no cookie warnings tbh
and you don't have to wait months to get new features.
noticed you weren't here much
yep. last week worked 60hours and same this week. big $$$ printing job at work. finally shipped it last night
yt ppl gonna be mad but all of them lmao rt : what culture does straight hair belong to?
lots of white people have curly hair too
if you have a passion for building world class infrastructure, you should feel bad.
this cuts deep :(
why are people suddenly realizing that the "tonight show" is not and has never been a place for "hard hitting" interviews?
you obviously missed the episode where fallon pressed xi jinping on his south china sea policies
birtherism was never misunderstanding. it was tool trump used to build his rep with white supremacists via
was he really that strategic about it back then?
easy way out would be to make one in python
i put a significant python system into production at a prev job, so that would be cheating.
a pass? my thread is littered w/stupid threats because pushing on trump for playing with such an ugly topic
let us not forget the clintons: " a few years ago, he'd be "carrying our bags!"
you have already lost even if he wins every round he won't get a decision. sorry
sad but true. look at the cotto cards, even khan before the ko. lol even the lara fight.
'let them kills themselves while we get richer hahaha'
and this is why i don't fuck with you. you knew this back from the days.
i'll be on cheddar today at 10am et talking iphone 7. watch the livestream here
ayyee yeah cutting that cheese
anyone wanna ride w me to the football game in scotia tonight? 7pm, leaving @ 5-5:30.
i wish i wasn't on my death bed
1 ... that tuck rule "fumble" you are counting as 2 was an incompletion
dang. missed that.
"we're going to invest in communities that have been left out and left behind." -
left behind by democrats. dems are throwing anything they can at crowds they think are too stupid to know better
lol i did i just looked at him smiled and looked away
you deff gave him the i got you look and he said miss v respect
not saying fire him now, but we need a vp of football to start evaluations of everything asap
that is hands down the most reasonable sounding football suggestion i have ever seen on twitter! i back this!
started reading old fb messages and got to 2009. hey bradley, joke's on you. how's life in your mom's basement?
oh hey bradley
the crooked media is getting there due. trump pence fills stadiums hillary and ho that guy can't fill half a hs gym. lol
you mentioned the first amendment in your tweet. this has nothing to do with the press not getting to the venue on time.
well i want just the aluminum one. i'm still not in line. is it worth getting there now? never wanted smthg this early before
honestly not too sure but i'd imagine the aluminum are the most available. especially if you're flexible about band colors.
i'm just still gutted we need a visa for the us.
at least they are 10 year multi entry four tourist and business...
trump campaign lashes out at media over trump jr. "gas chamber" comment
be thankful trumpjr. didn't use lynching metaphor instead!
why does this exist
propaganda from the meat industry, i'm guessing
"barack obama was born in america, plain and simple, and donald trump owes him and the american people an apology." -
really you guys make a mtn of birther when hrc lies, cheats, steals, has reputed double. fox is in tank for her.
16-sep-2015 david cook announced walmart edition of digital vein
love love "we're not in this alone"
that sounds slightly ... dirty.
when in rome...
live: senator bernie sanders has joined the panel. tune in to msnbc now to watch.
bernie needs to do more to help hc - dt is to close- &amp; it is particularly because his movement has not shifted enough
unbelievable that i couldn't get any today, even tried to preorder on 1st day &amp; got november delivery dates 1hr into it. (4am)
wow... unbelievable dates were that far back on the preorder
go where? this is trumps clusterfuck. he can't say the is american even today.
wrong started with hillary. i'm looking forward to a president who will help us 1st. like it should be
i cannot find what u wrote?
god b,ess you
i don't know what compels anyone to want to major in biochem that's ridiculous
the girl that's in my physiology class grad from ucsd in biochemistry
"you can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens." -donald trump about that.
hillary doesn't care about anyone but herself
i meant it as why are they a thing but i may have been obtuse
i thought it meant "why are you asking us, is there a special secret reason"
wallcovering install day! the most gorgeous paper is bringing this foyer to life!...
love love love! thanks so much for sharing
amazing drone footage of piton de la fournaise volcano eruption at reunion island
rt drone over volcano
will you be heading up to traverse city for the portage central football game tomorrow?
not me, i'm out of town, but i'm sure we'll have a ton of good games for ya!!
end of the launch day streak.
same. are you on the upgrade program?
instead of driving jobs and wealth away, america will become the world's great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation!
it already is
let's build a future where love trumps hate.
i intend to for the first time in a avery long time but not for you but for trump
bc ur both beautiful
ily anna
"we're going to invest in communities that have been left out and left behind." -
like obama did?
the first sunrise of the semester
this photo was selected as one of 20 finalists. voting will take place on nyu's facebook page. congrats!
off to gladiator strength &amp; conditioning where i get to haul a stack of weights by a chain. "get to."
why are you doing this to yourself?
it's cheaper than ber isn't it?
it depends honestly but i'm saying this because people have been meeting celebs
. won't release his taxes voluntarily. let's pass the presidential tax transparency act and make sure he comes clean.
comes clean. how? no acid that strong enough.
watch: donald trump jr.: "gas chamber" remark was a "poor choice of words"
be thankful trumpjr. didn't use lynching metaphor instead!
i used duolingo but i already spoke french :) worth a try tho!
+1! i have a couple friends using duolingo too and i'm convinced is a great place to start
takes one to know one
yes does but you def win
"let's reject the cynicism, the bullying, and the divisive rhetoric that my opponent is using to try and make us all afraid of each other."
yes so just stop it hillary
you should of preordered last week
i was about but imaginate... i went to timesquare today to see and they told me tan sold out
what's that saying: it's better to let a guy go a year early than a year late lol. i'm happy for forte though
like fox said about gould: better now than regretting it a year later lol
explain to me how this is russ' fault. did he screw up a sponsor deal? why do people blame a non-football guy?
if you don't think the guy who pushed for the sammy deal and brought us the dougs isn't responsible, i don't know what to say
a word about anti-blackness &amp; school law enforcement. the term "police state" is redundant; you have no indissoluble rights, period.
the "rule of law" is pure ideological abstraction from ownership. even schools embody a physical fight for who owns the law and who obeys.
donald trump looks at women and decides how their looks rate on a scale of one to 10.
just like all other men
pretty sure soundcloud notified me about a 2nd side remix from an artist i don't follow
possibly because i was looking up 2nd side remixes the other day?
nah. it's be a little weird, i guess, but i wouldn't be, like.... insulted.
i just wanna get rid of them! fuck the train station for not upgrading to machines that dole out dollars.
hillary clinton: "barack obama was born in america... and donald trump owes him and the american people an apology."
seriously?? she owes us an apology for conveniently omitting the truth, deleting emails, benghazi, using a private server, etc.
how do ppl call themselves stans asking stuff like this lmao
so she is rehearsing?
aka mr shows care reduces costs.
looking sharp!!
when &amp; i got married i asked her if she wanted to throw the bouquet. "no." "but tradition-" "let's make it out of metal."
we strapped 100 dollars on ours to enjoy our own hunger games
the "rule of law" is pure ideological abstraction from ownership. even schools embody a physical fight for who owns the law and who obeys.
the epistemology of power is physical, too, bc for many it's impossible to disaggregate the conditions of school from prison. if a child is
aw shit throw some bacon on it
how many slices?
was he really that strategic about it back then?
thinking of when i covered cc trump roast for wsj (snoop dogg as a mc), just before his birther foray; seemed fairly rando, gonzo
. made me the best presents for my new book all grown up
btw i am really enjoying these as a rorschach test based on who is requesting which pin.
okay okay one more thing. there has been a lot of tweet and delete by people who say something and get embarrassed by getting called out.
this is why people save the receipts. this is also why so many people of privilege resent the discussion, or decide to "stay out of it."
trump said in 2011 he'd release taxes if obama releases long form birth certificate. now that he considers the issue solved...taxes?
gotcha! wow you are such an investigative journalist! your parents, in whose basement you dwell, must be proud.
rwjf grant opp: increasing openness and transparency in research webinar today @ 2pm edt!
(note special focus on open access.) cc'ing potential sharers
arrived home from london last night &amp; my husband tells me our kitchen lights stopped talking to alexa. "i had to use the switch!"
i would just use my phone or sit in the dark till sun up...
big city girl?
lmao yeah and a lot of others at this sham
thanks for my new bowtie! i love it! look out for it in the next episodes of nature's toybox!
that's awesome rosie. we are looking forward to seeing those episodes. have a great weekend!
that fits the conventional narrative around conservation, but the existing plans are hardly a "dream verdict" for industry.
conventional narrative, in this case, equals reality. constant chipping away at sage grouse conservation is the strategy.
also, congrats to - it's easy for contributors to just taper off, and you never see them again. saying "it's time" takes gusto.
it's also pretty important when you're working at such a scale like that. i'm glad to see him taking control of his time :-)
but then again, how far do you have to go for szechuan or xlb soup dumplings or real ramen?
oh, just accept that sf has some nice things.
all week ive been telling the pastelito guy to keep the change
today i had exact change and hes like uhm
burns isn't as good at contain as sweat is. important against jackson.
yeah if he don't stay home he'll get killed all day on the read opt.
that's like saying going to a clinic for pills curbs drug use. it fills in for the problem. might as well drug everyone every day.
answer one question. how can more than half of us go to work every day, never use drugs, and seem okay? not weak?
i think it's so cute when djs refer to themselves as musicians.
depends on what the dj is actually doing. there are definitely musician djs tho...
nigga lost his fuckin mind last night, tried to greet me with the sunglasses on
look man i was in mode... leave me alone
to this day, i still don't have a clue who the kardashian's are or why any of them are famous...
there father was a famous and wealthy lawyer
that doesn't work. there are codes/hacks that will surf for an open webcam too.
that should have been included. if black tape is the best idea the head of the cia could muster i weep for us
he "may not be anymore"*, but his campaign has members and supporters who def still are. * = he still is
the damage has been done -- his birther movement has convinced enough ppl to make it a talking point.
my first time actually having a credential to a trump event. a mere two months before the election
what happens if you text that number? i'm too scared to try.
nah. in fact, if you were to give them $15 right at the start, they'd love that. just say "sorry to unload my dubloons on you"
"y'arr. if you don't accept these i'll make ya walk the plank" "sir. you're cut off"
yt ppl seem to think they only have straight hair....he did say are colored women appropriating wen they straighten their hair
what point are you trying to make?
i now have 2 g7x powershot mark 2's with dead pixels and they are telling me 2 hot pixels doesnt count as broken...... idk what to do lol
nobody even knew about the dead pixels until you said something so who cares lol
sorry for this next retweet
now i'm curious but wtf you talking about sounds cool
the epistemology of power is physical, too, bc for many it's impossible to disaggregate the conditions of school from prison. if a child is
...suspended or expelled for behaving how anyone would given their conditions it is remiss to criminalize them. try to imagine police ...
acknowledge celebs who r accused of rape &amp; sexual assault &amp; happen 2 b libs should not get pass(clinton, woody allen, polanski)
u said it: accused. everyone knows they've been accused. proving rape is hard, celeb or not. what do u want? thumb-hanging?
u are mistaken about the causes of the destruction of detroit, despite being a native. you should bone up on history
stop tweeting me. i don't deal with idiots.
do the work. i promise, people will notice.
y'all don't know how many people stop me with "are you maura? i've heard about your work." near and far.
most coffee drinkers feel that way!
coffee is the elixir of the gods....
..... did you buy a round trip ticket and put $40 in?
...yes... i forgot about the coins
donald trump's campaign says president obama was born in the us. what about trump?
trump wasn't born in ny. he sprang from a volcano!
keep up the great work twitter followers please retweet
comey not a fan of the truth, of regular prosecutorial practices, questioning accomplices to a crime &amp;the perpetrator.
i should have listened to your water advice.
safety first...
so john tuturro is directing a jesus spinoff based on his lebowski character. they wrapped this week.
nobody fucks with the jesus.
and i never know why but i still miss you
i miss you too...
viewing a mobile banking app as 'just another icon' is a losing strategy. goal is to get app on front screen.
completely agree... can't remember the last time i visited my bank or cc's web page
trump campaign brings on a.j. delgado as a senior adviser via yahoonews
the liberal media told me djt doesn't like women.... weird because he sure seems to hire a lot of them
does beyonc rehearse the day before the show? because girl i work next to levi's and it's the day before the show
where you at sis?
the upside down sex &amp; the city iphone 1, 3gs, 4s, 5, 5s, 6, 6s... and soon the 7+
wait, what is this sex and the city phone?
thats what happens when he takes the little blue pill...lol
no longer a fiat
this is why people save the receipts. this is also why so many people of privilege resent the discussion, or decide to "stay out of it."
not risking embarrassment is more important than dismantling privilege, &amp; erasing evidence of wrongdoing is easier than a sincere apology.
today's top news story, according to america's most widely read news source:
trending is far from america's most widely read news source. completely hidden on mobile and a tiny box to the side on desktop
lmfao i did i did he's one of my favs so i had too
already picking favorites that's terrible
til either sends you beer or burns your house down. there is no middle ground.
will he at least send some beer to help put it out?
that fits the conventional narrative around conservation, but the existing plans are hardly a "dream verdict" for industry.
from lawsuits to legislative maneuvers, big oil and western friends are playing a long-game. fws started from weak position.
"nah, just me leg is cut off"
"and yer throat if ya cut me off"
op-ed: ouch. powell emails reveal clinton's apparent disdain for obama
it's amazing to me the shit the clinton's have done to gain power and the people they've stepped on to get it
of course john mayer is on raya:
we need to get off the waitlist
yuba city teachers strike stretches into sixth day
with ca schools at there worst, how dare these teachers take more money from the kuds. they only care about themselves. no raises
i asked about routines earlier because i've definitely noticed a change in my life since i've put myself on an unofficial schedule.
it started with me allowing myself space before i "connected" with everything and everyone. silence.
your mom named you myles.....
is there a problem?
burns isn't as good at contain as sweat is. important against jackson.
but i think dell and kelly will tell him he doesn't have to make plays just keep jackson contained.
dragging the press to your new hotel to update us on a mistruth you tell about the president...what's press's obligation here?
call him out as a liar, manipulator and huckster. you are losing your street cred
...suspended or expelled for behaving how anyone would given their conditions it is remiss to criminalize them. try to imagine police ...
...wrestling wealthy white males in business suits to the ground, pointing guns into their shiny bmws,shooting them to death at will...
purely coincidence. purely.
and media is saying, why now? good thing i have a nice stack of magazines on the coffee table to hurl a the tv.
what it's like to have a girlfriend
lmaoooo essentially
hey rebecca
hello there fabulous lady!
reid fires back at trump for mocking the accident that partially blinded him:
- truly is the belly of a snake!
quick get them in their safe place
i actually ran into this hog at amherst college in western ma. a real piece of work.
must be nice
it is nice!
+1 (845) 597-9979 call my little brother
845 that's crazy
i'm so upset i didn't audition for this like i wouldn't even be acting i'm so ready for this show
hopefully there will be more episodes ahead :)
my life story
this is why we're friends
i'm gonna keep looking back, not because i don't understand the move, but i fucking love matt forte.
i'm not gonna look back, just wish him well
george soros, mark cuban, chuck lorre are highly anti-christian. they want the courts to be their puppets
greedy anti american out for me dirtbags
you're welcome! hope it's a boy!
nope ..girl ..found out yesterday
it is i just order mine and i have to wait till september 27 to october 10
same :( i gotta wait till the end of october
if "not warranted" decision keeps stakeholders at the table, includes strong grouse plans &amp; avoids esa backlash, that's a win
i think this "esa backlash" concern that seems so in fashion among conservationists is a major strategic error.
how many iphones have you ever owned
7: 3gs, 4s, 5s, 6, replacement 6 for broken mute switch, 6s+, 7+.
not risking embarrassment is more important than dismantling privilege, &amp; erasing evidence of wrongdoing is easier than a sincere apology.
learning to apologize is important not only because you can then stay in the space and be a true ally (and...isn't that what you want?)--
i don't believe dena ever took a leave of absence. she came back to stop whatever she didn't approve of.
dena's so called leave of absence was in august, meaning 6 months of reboot was her writing. now she's trying to shirk responsibility.
i'd love to attend as i am a big fan
are there any other tickets available for the conference?
i'm old on twitter and still can't figure it out!
my problem was i had to turn on notifications, good now
...wrestling wealthy white males in business suits to the ground, pointing guns into their shiny bmws,shooting them to death at will...
then being exonerated...day after day. you can't, it's unthinkable.daily reality for black youth is literally unimaginable to white folks...
donald trump is unfit to be president. we just can't accept this. we've got to stand up to this. if we don't, it won't stop.
you are not fit because of your health
thanks lol and usually in torched for my psychotic takes on twitter
we've all been there. this team has a way of doing that to a guy. they should make prozacs with little buffalos on them
from the eye of the storm thanks for rts and favs, hh
my pleasure. thanks for following me.
did calvin harris just beat taylor swift at her own breakup song game?
. there's approximately 8 words total in the song soooo, probably not.
if you're not here at , my talk about 1.0 is also at i announced that i'm stepping down.
"but there are only so many passive-aggressive issues, snarky tweets" - i hope it wasn't my snarky tweets and oh yeah congrats!
it started with me allowing myself space before i "connected" with everything and everyone. silence.
i do pooja (if i'm in that space), stretch, yoga, morning hygiene and then fix myself something to eat / drink. at first it was weird.
smh oovoo had that since like 05
haha way back in the day
i'm just glad you were watching! loved seeing people self-proclaiming as and talking about the ads.
it will continue to get better and change live viewing! glad you enjoyed that great win.
years of writing about food and drink have done awful things to my body. am correcting that. also: more booty.
is it working? what's the expected roi timeframe? is there a threshold?
omg! i got so so happy when it came on!! that must be why!!
i hadn't heard it in forever and was grinning like an idiot
barack obama was born in america, plain and simple. donald trump owes him and the american people an apology.
bet he wasn't as he is a muslim
the amazing ! grown men in pink skirts raise $100k for breast cancer charities
tx for the rt
the 9:01: poverty rate falls, mud island proposal withdrawn, busy weekend options and more -
no offense taken from critic but felt like not much effort into enjoying city. i get diff vibe from others i meet on travels
i really thought you were better than this.
they don't do it for me.
that time i was on the radio w/ talkin university &amp; how to
luke 17:20-25 (shoutout 's show intro, helped me find this)
my &amp; for giving app devs a single &amp; simple view into ua spend, results &amp; revenue
thx a ton for the kind recommendation !
alpha has always sounded better than beta, right?
depends if you're in alpha or beta. usually reserve alpha for small, private, pre-launch. beta is a bit more out there.
then being exonerated...day after day. you can't, it's unthinkable.daily reality for black youth is literally unimaginable to white folks...
...in the paradigm in which hoodies are red herrings to homogenize black bodies with criminality but white hoods and badges aren't.
it does, fuckwad. when someone lies you should tell your readers.
i read the article to ultimately come out agreeing with you.
learning to apologize is important not only because you can then stay in the space and be a true ally (and...isn't that what you want?)--
and also, because if you stick around, you learn from your gaffe. why is that important? because if, not you'll gaffe again.
work from home also exists, she expect us to believe she didnt skype in lol
lol. she is clearly delusional. unprofessional too, blaming her fellow writer and thinking she alone knows what's good.
just yesterday, trump again refused to say with his own words that the president was born in the united states.
flash..obama is eat up with muslims
the digital canyon experience: human after all ux specialist was
really great article. keep up the great work.
the aura of 28.
happy birthday man! can't wait for tomorrow's show ;-)
remember: trump, the birther-in-chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records.
democrats started birther
i know what trending is. i was referring to facebook, which is america's most widely read news source.
yeah, just don't think it's fair for journos to keep equating trending's influence to the news feed.
six weeks in and the enormity of the end of a relationship and moving home is hitting hard for the first time.
ugh, i'm sorry. that is such a shitty time.
y'all be arguing with people i reported as spam eons ago
i was hesitant to block at first now i'm like
i do pooja (if i'm in that space), stretch, yoga, morning hygiene and then fix myself something to eat / drink. at first it was weird.
i'm noticing now that i can go long periods of time without the tv on, which prior would be on as long as i was home either stream or cable
hillary thinks you're so deplorable the government should raise your children - kelly riddell via
is that real?
this guy keeps opening and closing the window about an inch as if to say, dude you really smell bad but it's cold out there...
i really hope i don't smell bad given that i'm about to sit next to someone on a five hour flight.
. blacked last night too &amp; brought mad energy with &amp; it was too lit!
you liked my glasses?
my name is avelina and i am from oakland. i am turning 14! also could you let me know when you are going to do it so i can hear it?
are gonna shout it out for you here soon! thanks for having us on this morning.. much love
plenty have derailed from my call-outs on anti-semitism in many diff ways but never before have i got "the bees are dying"
you literally wished death on me ion wanna hear anything you have to say suck my dick
talking to this guy on the show tonight. any questions for billy?
being out in colorado,has he been to any denver broncos games or colorado rockies baseball? and if so how does he like it?
line 30 deep at the store in austin. even with less than impressive iphone there is a lot of pent up demand on the 2 year cycle
personally i might upgrade, my expectation was low to begin and think they surpassed it
if trump owns it he will likely try to cast himself as helping country resolve a real issue.
he already did this in his campaign statement - it's an absolute outrage! i sure hope this energizes hrc's base to vote.
i'm ok with that, too. but my list doesn't start with russ.
i kind of agree. i just rather get rid of anyone associated with putting together any roster from 2000-2014
perhaps calling black youth "super predators" wasn't a great idea.
no it wasnt !!!! hoping the black community's have realized clinton will do nothing for you but take your vote :(
and also, because if you stick around, you learn from your gaffe. why is that important? because if, not you'll gaffe again.
when you gaffe again, you alienate more people. receipts pile up. if not on twitter, irl. rumors spread. word gets around.
trump didn't start , it was michelle. trump just took her word. she can't be wrong...or is she racist?
but, but, he is the president, his home country could not be kenya. she mis-spoke, yea right.
i'm noticing now that i can go long periods of time without the tv on, which prior would be on as long as i was home either stream or cable
not that i paid attention to it the entire time - i certainly couldn't but there used to be something about the constant noise that i needed
no. definitely not overrated. top-6 in three straight years despite topping 140 tgts once. one injury.
but how far off was he from julio/ab/obj in points? i have to look more into it. but i doubt it's close
brandon marshall on knee scare (which looks like a sprain now): "i thought it was over."
as did many fantasy players.
truly amazed that w/additional days 2 think &amp; plan, hillary is still one-note johnna. is that all she's got? "go to her website for issues"?
no one cares about where president obama was born, this election is about getting people jobs &amp; improving quality of life
is hillary clinton out of ammo to use against donald trump? via
howard, you are one of my favorite guys, but always have the scariest pictures of hrc i've ever seen
a is for alligator! making an alphabet book with your preschooler is such a fun...
ha i need to check this out we are up to e today :)
. just gave a great speech and you're talking about birtherism. what the fuck?
trump has been leading the press by the nose for a year.
i so love this photo. i would so do this - i actually would do - if i was in shape...
check out photo's and join the movement! - anyone can!
lol no ! send pics of cozy powell ( r.i .p) sexy
your crush
should i delete the snaps though
nah you're fine. you should post whatever you feel like posting
audio peeps, what are the best lav mics to use for 2 people? e.g interviews, 2 camera cuts etc. advice is much appreciated!
2 filmmaker wireless lav kit are pretty clutch - can run them both into a tascam dr40 or zoom h4n. my go to setup.
' yasay deflects int'l concern over extrajudicial killings by equating us critics w/ william howard taft
another example of century-old history intruded into present , ,
this is a slap in the face to the oakland raiders home fan base that actually go to games.
mark davis is a disgrace
should we do this for the meeting??
. i was hoping that it would be... what does the program chair think?
same. are you on the upgrade program?
should've scrolled down further
not that i paid attention to it the entire time - i certainly couldn't but there used to be something about the constant noise that i needed
it's helped me with my time management and helped me be more productive - i'm also more serene whereas i was not a morning person, before.
truly amazed that w/additional days 2 think &amp; plan, hillary is still one-note johnna. is that all she's got? "go to her website for issues"?
tell mr. to kill this birther issue once and for all. unless he will give life to hillarys campaign again
when you gaffe again, you alienate more people. receipts pile up. if not on twitter, irl. rumors spread. word gets around.
people start shaking their heads when they hear your name, or worse, they widen their eyes and repeat your name in an "oh boy!" tone.
mario's eyes are done! and of course the 2nd attempt head as well, less bumps at least. oh and i did the alice eyes!
if you can paint the pupil center with deep yellow(the alice eyes),maybe it will be better.(o)o
evidently india is behind it
pakistan created pressure for his eviction from 1/
lmao yes. i haven't drank like that in a while. right even my tweets oh god
i haven't done that since the night at my house
it was my birthday last saturday, new year to adopt &amp; harness a mentality of beyond this planet beauty... years later u inspire
happy birthday goddess
low-education pockets of low-trust societies even more fertile
there have been studies showing highly educated very susceptible to conspiracies as well. i.e. vaxxers
when it comes to the sex work economy, oakland's approach is to criminalize and arrest sex workers, and blame 'outsider' johns.
on this topic: shouldn't there be five oakland cops' faces on john-shaming billboards on international blvd right now?
all of a sudden i'm a lot more conscious that the one i like is about the sinking ship/failing body metaphor.
it is my favorite too tbh
does know you're not at work today?
i guess he does now
donald trump is unfit to be president. we just can't accept this. we've got to stand up to this. if we don't, it won't stop.
conveniently left out this bite frm presser. u, talking bout lies?unbelievable!
i really hope i don't smell bad given that i'm about to sit next to someone on a five hour flight.
any advice for rapid personal fumigation? cover self in purell in airport bathroom? throw away clothes and go in naked?
stockton unified doubles sub pay in anticipation of teachers strike by
susd is the worst in ca and ca is 3rd from the worst in the nation. how dare you think u r worth more
how my job try to tell me i'm not allowed to speak spanish at my job
you serious? and you put up with that shit? lol
"we know who donald is. for five years, he has led the birther movement to de-legitimize our first black president." -hillary
and obama refused to show it.i noticed tht it looked like your doctor was a muslim so i guess you will be letting many more
people start shaking their heads when they hear your name, or worse, they widen their eyes and repeat your name in an "oh boy!" tone.
people pm the latest target of your gaffe. they tell them the story of what you did to them that one time a few months ago. they say--
it's helped me with my time management and helped me be more productive - i'm also more serene whereas i was not a morning person, before.
finding a routine that works for you can certainly be beneficial especially if you're home a lot, sick/depressed etc.
thank you! i can give you the png version if you'd like
yes!! can u email it to me at saradietschy (at) gmail (dot) com
i'm driving quite a bit tomorrow (thru syracuse actually) want to have a call or potentially meet up in the later afternoon?
either works great for me!
is hillary clinton out of ammo to use against donald trump? via
she has no record to run on and every thing she's done has been to promote her own self interest.
grown men in pink skirts raise $100k for charities
thank you for spreading our message! we are humbled.
arrest warrant otw
you ain't lying
ironic that as we celebrate jimmy fallon's producer lorne michaels has yet to add a latino cast member 2 the lineup at snl
just did. catch up. late but better late than never
long term mentoring?
right, partnering people with someone (maybe not in their discipline) for 1..n years.
pakistan created pressure for his eviction from 1/
switzerland, so india had to accommodate him
lmao we need to do that again with the mcgangbang squad!
we do!! dude i start school on the 26th. before then!
freaking out about my race on sunday now, because i won't know anyone there, friend who was going to do it too is no longer racing.
opportunity to make a new friend or two in transition? have a great race!
hillary clinton is been in politics for 30 years and hasn't done anything when the minority or the american voters. black women's agenda
but she'll show her face at a event like she's supposed to be there.
i think i'm gonna be switching to a non-apple case for the first time in forever. peep this beauty!
oh, yeah. that looks pretty good! i think i still want my phone to match my watch.
the next 53 days will shape the next 50 years. the future of our children and grandchildren hangs in the balance.
we will have no future with you just the same ole same ole shit
lol i'm also afraid no one would ask me anything making me look like i had a unwarrantedly high sense of self importance
well i have that regardless
so any app developers make a keyboard app with the old emojis yet?
submit your requirements here -
this dc event was slated to be a news conference, per 2 sources. but now it's unclear. one source on trump taking qs: "if he feels like it."
the dear leader answers to no one
people pm the latest target of your gaffe. they tell them the story of what you did to them that one time a few months ago. they say--
in a wry tone, "well, so and so assured me they were learning and growing, but that was six months ago so i guess they grow very _slowly_."
i really hope i don't smell bad given that i'm about to sit next to someone on a five hour flight.
their problem. not yours.
move aside "batman begins". i predict the "sicario" score will be the go-to temp music choice for film editors for the next decade.
i just rewatched it... wow that film was shot and scored super well.
so sorry to hear that, love. here are my furry nibling, a steamed pig bun, &amp; a basket of baby otters.
o h my g o d. your nibling is too much! ;~; and thank you &lt;3.
but anonymous twitter accounts are so good at questioning credentials and insulting intelligence.
hahaha, well said. that applies to major media(shrinking media - companies as well.
i mean u can if u want but mustard n army goes together well
ims show u a pic when i get home
real men wear pink crazy ones wear tutus and change the world
. ha! we love this quote. totally stealing it!!!!
predictable and inefficient. that's a bad look for the bears new offense. good analysis from .
brad, please unblock me. i don't think you're a dick, it was a figure of speech.
hi christopher happy friday u2&amp;all:)
hi ay &amp; all
local gamestop failed me. their stock got put on hold last night, which is funny bc i asked if they could do that days ago and they said no.
lots of shops not picking up their phones today...
gr8 photo! u have awesome parents!
ty and yes they are!!!
morning briefing: here's what you need to know to start your day
the times is the last place i would look for what i need to know in starting my day
finding a routine that works for you can certainly be beneficial especially if you're home a lot, sick/depressed etc.
i encourage you to create a routine for yourself (try) if you have none and reward yourself as often as you can with it.
grandma got ran over by a reindeer
at this points idk if you're kidding or not
gr8 photo! u have awesome parents!
yours are pretty awesome as well!!!!
cnn's refuses to let trump adviser wriggle off the hook on 'birther' issue
no surprise here......... biased clinton supporters---cnn !!!! boycott cnn
wanted: male driving a red cadillac srs for leaving the scene of an accident at 85-21 37 ave, qns. call
cc: wanted.9
i grew these morning glories for
they're very pretty, thanks!
wtf is that
random facebook messages
in a wry tone, "well, so and so assured me they were learning and growing, but that was six months ago so i guess they grow very _slowly_."
now people of privilege, this won't hurt your career. at least not yet. you know what it does hurt? your peers. young writers. other people.
i was prepared to vote independent if it was bernie but with all the bashing and thinking trump kids could run america!
never a more important time to vote.
i encourage you to create a routine for yourself (try) if you have none and reward yourself as often as you can with it.
even if it's stopping to make your own coffee at home because you know you'll get it just right or reading a few pages in the morning.
and also factually inaccurate
that too. i mean i get embellishment. i loved the social network, but it seemed inappropriate here
i have a mini-series vacation coming up next week. birthday on thursday so i took that day and friday off.
stupid autocorrect. not mini-series. had that makes me. grin
:) i've found it helpful!
sometimes it says the weirdest stuff though:
at least the bubble has burst now so i can move on?! looking for a bright side! x
yay! that feeling is the best. the living back with the parents thing killed me the most haha
if you can generate enough twitter buzz i am willing to support it !
. consider it done. the community will certainly make it a fun way to engage attendees
nah not yet im brainstorming the most lit caption rn
lmfaoo heard you
yeah and i need a freaking display port too
can i get some adb?
abigail, aka princess fluffy-fur
i am loving the book perch, the "yeah, you can try to read this book" look!! aw.
mr trump has to put birther issue to bed right now. it's all about getting people jobs and quality of life.
yes joe, he must otherwise, he will give more life to the hillary campaign again. we need him focused
today, harold bornstein said trump appendectomy was at age 11. in december, he said it was age 10
i'm clutching all the pearls.
the current cache works by package name then versions. that's what the directories are called.
package tarballs are uniquely identified by their shasumsthis becomes their name on disk. (and via api!)
u ain't learn yet ?!? lol
bruh it was my second time, 7 bones.
did you feel the bern on ?
. but. fair question i listen and also watch. and comprehend. before i reply answer yes
fair point &amp; one i have made countless times when talking about trending. not a reason to excuse fb's handling of it, though.
not speaking of you specifically, your tweet just made me think about it. trending is a mess.
i like gauges and eyebrow piercings. shit.
too bad if i dated someone like that my mom would have a heart attack.
ah see i think i suck worse than anyone
well then you'd be pleasantly surprised when someone asked a question
i can't tell if he's crying or is sick or something.
lmao i keep looking over to see if he's crying or not but i can't tell
lol i'm glad i have decker passed on forte cuz he didn't do shit for me last year grabbed elliott and gurley instead
gurley fucked you over last game lol
even if it's stopping to make your own coffee at home because you know you'll get it just right or reading a few pages in the morning.
allotting time for a nice bath once a week. whatever it is - allow yourself little luxuries - make time for yourself.
question of the day: is trump about to ruin what is otherwise a good week for him with birther madness? or will he finally put it to bed?
the former.
hillary wants you to be a mindless dolt. is that better?
u believe in the boogeyman. and easily duped into buying things u don't need. that's who he is! i'm notahilaryfan
been doing the show on for 5 years. celebrating 2nite!
woahhh 5 years
- what the actual fuck is wrong with you? treating trump like a playful joke?
i have a good feeling that will go to town on this.
at least the bubble has burst now so i can move on?! looking for a bright side! x
there's totally a bright side. my ex husband cheated &amp; left &amp; dumped me to my parents house on xmas eve..i'm so much..
piers have morals lol oh don't make me laugh, piers just wants an invite to the white house if his buddy gets in
there is clearly an incentive waiting for him if that douchebag gets elected.
love my dad for forwarding an email from jack daniels about their traveling "general store" coming to nyc
til your dad and i share a taste for the same booze-related mailing list.
when hfa hands u a script and u don't like it but u stammer through it anyway
blah blah blah, poor thing she can't even look directly into camera. media surrogate stations grasping 4straws to discredit.
here's my parents' puppy running around with a flowerpot on his head. hope the week's improving!
i'm crying. this is so great.
yeah i'm not much of a fashionista. going to give it a shot. long line be damned i guess
i just heard they are separating the line out for watches!
"the american people deserve something to vote for, not just against." -hillary
we have seen enough already to know you would kill us all
also: iphone 6s?????
maybe people saying "byeeee iphone 6s"?
hi just booked 3 day pass as a surprise for my sister, will they be able to collect tickets without me being there?? thanks
sure! let us know after you make the purchase. we can add a note in your order that the pass will be picked up by someone else.
how many iphones have you ever owned
3g, 4s, 5s, 6. i usually keep them for a two year period.
any advice for rapid personal fumigation? cover self in purell in airport bathroom? throw away clothes and go in naked?
buy some altoids and maybe eat an orange at some point on the flight. everyone loves to smell an orange.
i see you added some flare with the tortoise shades. it was cute.
it was a special event...
by "skillfully", you mean he should lie about what he's been saying for 5yrs? and you claim to love the truth. mcheew!
do not conclude for me, u are not the holy spirit that knows what is on my mind. skillfully means a lot of things.
wait let me get this straight. y'all forced yourselves to watch *jimmy fallon* interview *trump* okaaaay
another reason to hate jimmy fallon
great overview: "us renewables: dropping in price, growing in significance"
. &gt; as we divert a significant amount of this energy from path to electricity in wires... unanticipated consequences? always some.
the team was honored to accept the award you presented! thanks for a great time!
thank *you* guys for crushing it as always! loved getting to see you.
uncanny x-men vol.1, (july 1984). this is one of my all-time favorite x-men issues.
is that post-secret wars when he's full of anger about his love triangle?
any excuse to share photos of my sweeties farfel and bad bad leroy brown. feel better, hon!
these are the purest photos!! oh my goodness. adorable.
now people of privilege, this won't hurt your career. at least not yet. you know what it does hurt? your peers. young writers. other people.
so like i said, learn. learn to apologize. own your wrongness in the space. clean your mess and stick around.
lol no n u won't be able to anyway
da jayme who the fuck you tryna square up with
wtf u must have good ass eyelashes bc i used that once and it did nothin for me
the trick is to put at least 189361 layers on!! but no more than 200000 because then it starts to get clumpy
i was going to recommend dan mall but he is doing apprenticeships and that doesnt sound like what you're getting at.
no, that's super-helpful. i'm coming into this without any knowledge. maybe it is part-apprenticeship for some?
for sure! maybe the 20th? cause that's when we get payed lol
mm maybe that could work
at least the bubble has burst now so i can move on?! looking for a bright side! x
cooler &amp; stronger &amp; better as a person for it now, and i have a way better husband &amp; life than i ever imagined
to the haters: campaign: obama born in the u.s
u have my vote, but obama in 91 in his own bio that he was born in kenya. . lying in 08 or 91? u decide.
what's next for france after the burkini madness?
is driven by terrorism! law and oppression is not .
i want to gala later but idk where to go :(
and who to go with? hmu
"you don't just deserve a seat at the table. it's past time you had a fair chance to run the meeting." -hillary to the black women's agenda
it is people like you who are always at the head of the table and leave us sitting at a picnic table
gm!! aj is great thank you .. hope you are well
sweet. let me know when he wants to get in the boxing gym
show of hands how many people got that "let me cook for you" snap from jaspal
but it was only for u
yea bro u gotta know the right places to go.
man fuck the city lol. boston stand up.
preciate the follow homie
no problem ima peep ya work
michael savage: hillary's 'deplorables' are 'the backbone of america,' but bill clinton 'gutted their jobs,...
pretty brave bitch to call trump supporters "deplorable" us "deplorables" are in big, big trouble if she wins wh
how were they?
all i got to say is "where is the cheeto taste?"
he's working on a spinoff, "assistants in line getting upgrades."
thanks for promoting me from intern to assistant, but it's mr. post production coordinator to you, sir.
thanks. will read with great interest!
here's the scholarly paper: - would love to hear your thoughts!
no, that's super-helpful. i'm coming into this without any knowledge. maybe it is part-apprenticeship for some?
i really have no locked in thoughts. i'll go look up dan mall, appreciate it.
why the fuck is my phone acting up ! out of the sudden !
no one cares
da jayme who the fuck you tryna square up with
da i'll open a can of whoop ass on you
mine are being brilliant, but i'm off long term sick from work too and i have nothing to do here!
ugh i had quit my job that same day this happened so i feel you!
digby likes to address sadness with face licks, which is nice in theory but also kinda gross
i cannot contain my feelings about this. you can't be down looking at that face.
feels like it's just too soon for a movie about that disaster
are you talking about america or deepwater horizon?
our road is blocked. this truck is trying to drop off product. actual disaster. this business is forsaken by god
clearly the gods are telling you to relocate may i recommend lovely hillside, coincidentally the next town over from me
they are smart and you are brain dead.
go get a couple more followers dummy
was casually scrolling this article and saw . girl, you're a superstar!
thank you for the love!!!
"to drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. you need both understanding and action." -hillary
that is why we are totally afraid of you and your obama policies
the live episode of the podcast was lit. thanks for hooking this sponsorship deal up. good looks
thanks for rocking with us for so long fam... we appreciate the support
hillary clinton: "barack obama was born in america... and donald trump owes him and the american people an apology."
also requests college transcripts. these questions are outright racism and no one in the media says the obvious
jipped, another good word from the 90's.
the 90's :sigh:
i see you've basically answered my question already. sorry about that one.
it's okay it's a good question. i actually was called out a few months ago and kindly educated. i left it up as a record.
trump needs these 3 things to win over black voters:
why even publish this garbage article?
was watching last night. fianc asked if i wanted to stay up &amp; i said no because ik better and couldn't handle the stress b4 bed...
maybe someday we'll learn better, it might be to ingrained at this point though
got my nail and eyebrows done bc i'm meeting my man tomorrow
update : i fucking hate him now because he's been ignoring me :)
trump believes obama was born in the united states: campaign -
oh wow, big news, nobody cares where trump thinks he was born. why don't you tell us why obama keep sending our tax dollars to iran
going into a michael's store today. i'm scared for my wallet.
there are michael's in nyc??
mine are being brilliant, but i'm off long term sick from work too and i have nothing to do here!
time to remind yourself you're amazing &amp; take good care of healing your body
bring them to eretz yisrael!
hopefully very soon motti.
fml was 3rd in line at att since 430 and then they come out and say they have no 7 plus.
fuck hella wanted to have a new phone for the 6 god concert and yeezy concert.
first time i've encountered chargeback from tips on twitch through paypal. anybody got advice on best course of action?
lets grab the pitchforks &amp; torches and find this hooligan!
wow, beautiful minimalist design. very nice. i gotta visit ny again.
thank you and please do!
does simon own the name 'one direction'? or can the boys come back and still use the name without paying simon?
good question i have wondered about this too
it's okay it's a good question. i actually was called out a few months ago and kindly educated. i left it up as a record.
i struggled with that because i fear the statement is harmful, but ultimately i want to own my harm.
awkwardly tweeted this morning about how i wanted jimmy fallon to run for president before i heard/saw his little bit with trump.
so naturally i immediately deleted the tweet and now i have some feelings and y not get them out, so hi twitter.
i hate it when hotels have body wash instead of bars of soap.
bars of soap are for the olds. and super wasteful since you'd never use a whole one and then they are thrown out.
the tuesday?
yeah. i'm not sure though. how about monday night. they might give us our checks early
what is this!!!! explain right now
you play with him?
we sure can!
i'm serious. i know you're a trip planning goddess.
the presence of love &amp; hard work doesn't prevent total failure as a result. do people delegitimize the term w/overuse? yeah.
one person's opinion of an interpretable piece of expression doesn't define it for everyone.
remember: trump, the birther-in-chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records.
how many times does he have to say they are being audited.
overcoming the broken password-based system
. curious what ur take is on leveraging context-based auth as a precursor to some of the biometric methods in fido
thanks, matt, that means a lot!
your welcome, . hope you have a great day.
safety recall: exchange at your carrier for a new note7, galaxy s7, s7 edge or to get a refund.
where can i go to exchange my note 7? i'm under
can you share the list :)
check the replies - some gems in there!
senator reid what a waste
hillary fox and cnn have nothing to talk about so they're talking about the bertha issue
same. i'm not expecting to have a good birthday. nothing new.
nah bitch you better turn up!!!!!
backs the highway up for hours
wasting my time smh
can somebody with above-average website building skills (need 2 modify a wordpress powered site) come 2 the shop and help me out this wk?
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
my friends, please go to this and report back to me
haha apparently it's like a guest list only deal
blow it up. clean house. this team is trash
season hasn't even started man. give your sabres a chance
can we have an adult conversation about abusing the all writs act?
everything is all writ
brain-hacking to create false memories is easy--it's used by cops. wonder when it will be used in marketing?
also done by political campaigns
wait so whos coming?
might be jimmy
but after you toast it not before
no i have a panini grill so i make my sandwich add everything and place it in there lol
president obama's successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. period.
hillary you are such a horrible liar
i liked steve vai bitd and a young glenn hughes
i love tarja from nightwish
my friends, please go to this and report back to me
i'm sure it'll be a zoo either way
break legs!
thanks, friend! hope to see you soon!
says a lot about how dishonest hrc is that she's losing on honesty ? to someone who lies about things he said on video every single day.
calling out lies is now considered media "bias"
thank you for coming love!
no problem ! good show
that's great to hear. enjoy the rest of your trip! xx
we sure will!!!! thank you!
so naturally i immediately deleted the tweet and now i have some feelings and y not get them out, so hi twitter.
for better or for worse, i really love jimmy fallon. but last night, he was just another straight, white male laughing along with trump.
"we will disrupt their function."
"they shouldn't block the street" riiiiiighttt
so like i said, learn. learn to apologize. own your wrongness in the space. clean your mess and stick around.
and once more this is not about any one person, this is about patterns that play out again and again. &lt;3
. - hope you would be able to 'afford' it w/ $600,000.00 payments for a couple of speeches @ goldman.
wake up america, does this sound like somebody that cares about us...
why are there so many species of bugs, but so few species of human?
because humans destroy each other and can't live in harmony like bugs can. more human species will destroy the planet faster
i thinks he's worse than that. trump makes george w look statesman like in comparison.
i stand corrected. worse than waterboarding. worse than voodoo economics. dismantle the epa! worse than bush.
hope that doesn't sound obnoxious. it wasn't meant to be.
i love chemistry. it's at the top of the list of things i wish i knew better
lol you know he hollywood, he wakes up with shades on.
def wore them out the crib this morning...
you'd be playing sisters.
just in the movie. if michael c hall and jennifer carpenter can do it, why cant we
you've cheered me up with your tweets, thank you x
any time! i can relate to all the highs &amp; lows of both the breakup &amp; the eating disorder stuff so feel free to chat anytime
i am looking for an experienced wordpress developer to help with a project. i want to integrate a video recording...
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
perfect follow up emoji truly surreal the media let him slide with
i can't even watch anymore. what was an absolute joke &amp; absurdity last year is now legitimized and worthy of consideration??
when 2k17 drops, but then you have work @ 7am for the iphone release...
7 really that worth it cuh? my 6 crappin out smh
haha, maybe! or: "my iphone 6s still has a headphone jack"
.... now i remember you might be an android user...
i believe a colleagues is speaking peter lynch about it
great to hear!
photoshoot/interview w. porches tomorrow, covering chain fest for my youtube channel saturday, then directing a music video sunday.
you got this!
how do i take a selfie in a ball cap please advise
i don't know how folks take selfies without ballcaps
put some coffee beans in your pockets.
yeha nothing gets you through airport security faster than a ton of open coffee beans in your pockets
any mobile app developers here?i have a client who wants an app.
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app. our pf email to leads.com dm
do straight people think american pie is funny?
i think we all had to watch it as teenagers, right? i don't really remember it.
.: 'sinister' hillary is calling racist to get the black vote
the race card con only works for the uneducated low i q voters ???
president obama's successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. period.
thankk god we are going to get rid of obama and his sick and losing policies
i think there are new gop voters, but they aren't movement conservatives. also, unsure if they outweigh the losses.
my family comes from there too. wash count/sw pa has been moving right for years. not because of trump
for better or for worse, i really love jimmy fallon. but last night, he was just another straight, white male laughing along with trump.
and that really hurts.
trump tells fbn i was "very rude" to ivanka and "really attacked" her "viciously" and calls me "non intelligent"
i wish more journalists would be "very rude" and "viciously" and "really attacked" the trumps with their "non intelligen[ce]"
lol *puts on planning hat* no we def can, let's chat offline about what you're thinking!
ok. we need to chat anyway. monday?
crooked lies about her health because lying is all she knows! americans are way, way smarter than that.
i hope the majority are! because supporters are blind to everything &amp;her many proven lies
a little more than embellishment but i won't get into it here. i hope the movie does well tho.
i don't know enough to make any further comments. imma do a review of it tonite
don't hide them feelings toby
that's what i'm saying i'm just retweeting people doing there job
iphone 7, meet fountain.
was that taken with an iphone 7 under the water?
if "not warranted" decision keeps stakeholders at the table, includes strong grouse plans &amp; avoids esa backlash, that's a win
some of the "stakeholders" are talking nice to conservationists one minute, and trying to sink sage grouse plans the next.
since the move to 1.0.0, ive needed to add `--repo-update` to `pod install` every time ive run it
depending on what you're doing then, you may want to use `pod update [pod_name]` instead?
trump has shown again and again that what he aims for is attention--for whatever. almost doesn't matter why. today is a good example.
let him keep on inflating as it will lead to something big ....
so says the man who claimed days ago i knew nothing about russia and putin! you draw conclusions daily on your timeline but 1/
politics is not a childs play, its a serious endeavor. so many things are at stake in this election, but u will not understand now
all i really care about right now is banana coffee milk
it's the must-have item
obama produced certificate in 2008 trump insisted on a long form never asked mccain, romney yeah, "not racist"
now imagine all the stuff in his head he didn't feel comfortable tweeting
of course the day i have sooooo much shit to do i feel like complete asssss
at least you are a complete ass, cuz a half-ass is even worse!
why spend money on advertising your new hotel when you can get a bunch of reporters with cameras there for free?
yep...that's the t rump way..exploit the system for all its worth
lmao! people are so ignorant
lmfao short hair and tats = lesbian lolll
not art critical, but just used the word 'unguents' on fb and it gave me goosebumps.
yesss. i love emollient words
yeah come scoop
word i'll be there in 8 hours thoughh
donald trump jr. said the media would be "warming up the gas chamber" if republicans lied the way democrats do
yea, a large part of the population completely agrees with him... the worst dual standard in reporting i've seen in 60 years
for better or for worse, i really love jimmy fallon. but last night, he was just another straight, white male laughing along with trump.
and that really hurt.
says that there is 75% off everything in the store. they aren't. they are false advertising!
"up to 75% off", not "75% off".
hillary clinton attacks donald trump for not holding a press conference
queen of deflection!!
"when i'm under the weather, i can afford to take a few days off. millions of americans can't." hillary in nc today:
you do anything you want to whether it is right or wrong and don't blink an eye
it's the last chance to see pilot on today. it's free if you're a prime member x
oh i thought you said "prime number" for a minute there.
don't invite me anywhere for the next three weeks
niggas is for real huh. how long you'll be out there?
a student was turned away from his charter school for not wearing a bow tie. he was shot &amp;killed while walking home.
the school is lying saying that they left school "on their own accord." they know damn well they sent them back home.
reid hits back after trump makes crack about his freak eye injury
has "dealt w/tougher opponents." but not more insensitive or foolish ones!
legal was asked...law open to opinion/interpretation...team felt some risk mitigated via aup in cwp
.0000000000001% risk still qualifies a 'some' i suppose.
your rate how much they charging probably dumb high &amp;; you getting dicked.
i just got off the phone with them. i was paying a high ass rate to this green energy company. i told them fuck earth.
lmao said my day is cancelled
that's legit how i feel in this moment. it may change by like 1 or 2
brilliant thanks very much, i have already booked them, who do i provide the details to?
please email me the confirmation number and your friend's name at karolina.com. thank you!
i like gauges and eyebrow piercings. shit.
shit. shit. shit. shit. my. idea. of. the. perfect. guy.
cannot stomach it when i correctly interpret your tweet! you and trump were truly cut from the same cloth, u own his trope 2/
i disagree with him on a lot of things, but really trying to agree with hillary on just one thing, all i see is lies and cover ups
the polls are closer than ever, and the stakes couldn't be higher. chip in today.
you think this is so important because you want to be the first woman president. that is not a good enough reason for me.
france has legislation that says otherwise.
do you have a link by any chance? would like to know more.
looking for a mobile app developer...
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app.our pf email to leads.com
i want a cool workspace so fucking bad but also i hate working so
the dilemma of life ha
perfect follow up emoji truly surreal the media let him slide with
gas chambers, taco trucks, russia, play-doh... seriously america??
ok. you did have me wondering. one thing about auto correct...makes us more interactive
and look a little silly.
guys are so much more dramatic than girls from what i've experienced in life
hahahaa i feel like most of that experience was when we were together
excellent idea for a civilized society. why does not agree?
donald trump is threat to western civilization
happy birthday gabeven though i miss being up top w you,now i have a better view of you doing your thing! love you
i love you sooo much jordan !! wish you were up too with me but your doing great things
. "if you know entrepreneurs, your more likely to become a entrepreneur"
if you surround yourself with entrepreneurs you are more likely to be one. great words!
been tryna find ways to cut down on mine. cus nah.
i just got off the phone with my energy supplier and changed my rate, they gave me a flat rate and took some stuff off
anna banana &amp; baxter bear say.... bakersfield!
great doggie, beautiful lady, great day !!!
reppin some of my favorite brands/bands/friends today
love this so much. hahah
south or central. why should they be different from the rest of the items in his clothing line.
ah you libtards can't let go of the fact he's a business man... all campaign merchandise is made in the united states
more voters said trump would bring real change, while clinton was seen as having a better temperament for the job
maybe a better temperament because she would be unconscious most of the time from passing out
happy birthday lovely lady!
thanks for the birthday love! xoxo
lies are deplorable
pass it on! is unamerican-be patriotic &amp; vote for pro american
this statement from the trump campaign on obama's american roots is pathetic, demeaning and shameful. screw them.
,if god forbid he wins,people wont b just disappointed, &gt;we,ll be embarrassed &amp; ashamed 2 say he was americas pic
the school is lying saying that they left school "on their own accord." they know damn well they sent them back home.
school officials are the worst bullies. i will never stop saying that. now bc of their negligence they are, partly, responsible for kids
uh, , but you know i'm not paying that extra $37 right? so.. i hope you hold it until the 27th?
also i thought that form was the "oops we screwed up, let us know what you'll be looking for so we can manage stock for upgrade program"
each would be graded/rubric'd differently.
if you have student samples for each, i think that's often more helpful than a rubric.
1-2x/yr. best au founders are still world-class. but past 18 mos has seen a lot fools rushing in to give startup advice.
if i could triple "fav" that response i would. v accurate
immigrants aren't somehow changing the american character; immigrants are the american character.
you are a sick looking loser who has totally ruined everything that was good about america
what would be the purpose of her character dying? just because you don't like her doesn't mean the story has to.
i like kim dickens, i don't like her acting abilities, that's all i'm trying to say!!!
i really don't know if i should buy the 7 today or at the end of month
end of the month there's always problems with the first batch
also i thought that form was the "oops we screwed up, let us know what you'll be looking for so we can manage stock for upgrade program"
not an actual reservation form \_()_/
are you taking this to mean nfl prefers oakland or ?
the nfl does prefer the raiders staying in oakland the commish said it himself
not at all! i'm in fact waiting for my iphone 7 to arrive in about an hour. did you order one too?
yeees!!! should be arriving to the office today too. 7+, gold, 128. yours?
safety recall: exchange at your carrier for a new note7, galaxy s7, s7 edge or to get a refund.
the next big fail is already here
'30 life changing lessons adventure has taught me' via
thanks for this article ... great read.
for better or for worse, i really love jimmy fallon. but last night, he was just another straight, white male laughing along with trump.
and you could say this was him doing his job but there's nothing funny about humanizing a monster.
i don't care what trump says today. he lies. the emperor has no facts. heart. empathy. but he has a chance because the media has no shame.
and a new hotel
garages with 100+ cars are supposed to offer bike parking in nyc. i emailed one big company for rates: $200/month.
might as well buy six bikes a year.
why just from the back row!? matthewbob loves to get a beer while someone else sings his part! but he never gets me one too. db
let's get bobby mcferrin to sing both your parts at once, and all 3 get a beer
may reside on earth.
this is wonderful. :)
this is dope g
thank you so much :)
also excellent news about tonight - i found an alcoholic slush puppy. strap yourselves in!!
i still don't know how to do this mentions thing. when i reply it fills the text window with @'s. :p
maybe? i dunno though hmm...
yukiho is totally the knicks as haruka are the nets
god, 's thirsty af "top x" lists are useless.
top 20 sales acceleration saas vendors who don't know their own unit economics.
if you have student samples for each, i think that's often more helpful than a rubric.
also, if you can have ss peer edit each other's work and/or time to meet with one or two at a time and give specific feedback
i did see that thread about jeff's apology. that was apology goals basically.
yup. (sorry jeff g. not to stan for you but i feel like i can say "some of my best friends are white guys.")
"skillfully" means a lot of things but also means "lie" in the context of your support and verbiage for the mendacious trump 3/
u are now putting it in my context, like &amp; all msm puts things in their context to justify their stupidity on truth
sir switzerland evicted him wow great
they didn't evict him but were going to based on terror
donald trump still refuses to admit president obama was born in the united states.
there is a reason why. i don't think he was either. i think he was radicalized at an early age.
not sure i have ever heard you laugh so hard!
sorry. i can get a little obnoxious.
that's what i'm doing. online degree. since i'm about to have my baby soon anyway. i'll have time to flex my schedule
that's perfect, i've heard good things.
did break activity tracking for anyone else? this is all i see post update
not for me, and i've been running the betas for a while. did you try rebooting?
generally speaking i agree, but i will never respect 300 - it's utterly vile - racist, sexist, homophobic &amp; ableist
understandable. detest the story, but respect the work and craft that went into its making, i'd say.
slam news...queen of the ring packs are on sale (7k btw) i guess raising odds to 1:55 @ 10k is not a winning combo
and in news it seems we're running the triple crown again and (i guess) we know what happened to the navy sigs.
donald trump still refuses to admit president obama was born in the united states.
because he is hiding something
keep calm and eat .
they always hit the spot.....
sorry you feel that way, but you don't know me
your right. i don't know you... fake ass miley cyrus wannabe ass face ass fuck
school officials are the worst bullies. i will never stop saying that. now bc of their negligence they are, partly, responsible for kids
getting hurt/killed. i hate reckless school administrators so much. seriously. i hope whoever sent him home and lied about it burns in hell.
pregame and drink on the way. i literally drank up until two people before me on line.
oh you was littt !! yeah that's what ima dooo then
kinda obsessed w nyc --iphone 7, new apple watch 2, airpods that didn't budge on another 4 mile run...yaaass!
why are you so lucky?! ahh that's right near me too
happy birthday you kind soul
thank you young grass hopper
wait really?? hahaha still crazy!!
hahah yeah he gave everyone a copy of his first mixtape or whatever you might call it
i'm actually crying at this.
what you're missing out on on facebook
got a new phone!
what flavor?
snap! that's what i'm currently using! i keep breaking them though
oh dang well i am sorry to hear that - maybe check out the classic sennheiser ew 112 then. good luck!!
i just tried the pumpkin one at clocktower last night! i liked it, but i know nothing haha,
if you know you liked it, you do know something :)
lets make plans then
i cant just got horrible news today....
chancletas with socks
but what about when it snows.....
people whine about hillary's past associations ad nauseum. how about the fact the cnn chief jeff zucker and nbc were in bed with trump?
and are still paying lewandowski while he's advising the candidate
i get that, but this is about the worst way you could do it unless rm 326 was the only one you care about
all i cared about was rm333 ;)
not 100% confident enough to press any of the buttons on the bottom
pls 2 press the cupcake button and report back
never go to another gas station ever again. is the amazon prime of gas and auto-service.
thanks ! how did you hear about us?
sweat apparently might still play. he's supposed to fly to louisville today
i hope he doesn't play. nigga couldn't even fly last night cause he can't elevate his let on the plane.
i hope i'm the first to post this lol
i'll wait for the photo.
donald trump still refuses to say was born in america. and this man wants to be our president? when will he stop this ugliness?
it is not ugliness it is the truth
hope did wonders for the athens rental market though...
and car sales in wealthy towns. see cornwall and mustard
great quote on why we did : "it isn't cannibalizing, it's additive."
the team crushed it
tired goodbye to new york.
safe travels! we'll miss ya out here! i'm sure we'll cross paths again soon
definitely but you'd be surprised how much i still see it at this age even hahaha
haha yess i know what you mean i do too
because you're not funny
you're an asshole.
happy day scrub we fasho to the strip club on saturday
thanks brother. see yah soon
i wonder where donald jr 1st heard the reference "warming up the gas chamber" bc i see it often in tweets to me from trump supporters
on top of everything else, it's moronic. every proper nazi knows gas chambers don't need to be warmed up.
10 days only
oohh...i see. yeah i'm only there to the 4 days i see why y'all chilling for now
need to find a really good tech networking event... i need to find an app developer
yes, we can certainly help you in your . our pf email to leads.com
trump chiefs describe his speech this morning as doing smart thing to remove last vestiges of an issue clinton campaign could attack on.
never an end2issues4trump.his mouth can flare up if ego threatened,whenever,wherever.
didn't someone ask trump yesterday? it's not like he brought it up (or am i mistaken?)
yes and he kept it alive again
america is one nation under god, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. not just for people who look or worship a certain way.
no it is one nation under muslims
lmao wahlberg ... let me me help you baby!! xxxx
while you're talking about typos guess who made one in the previous tweet ...... let see if you notice!!
trump jr. says he's "not worried" about that charity-funded portrait of dad
jr is just like the father,ignorant o the law and on his way to an adjoining cells in federal prison,incredible!
this isn't cocaine on the assida ! it's powder sugar ! not many libyans put powder sugar with their assida !
not many libyans put cocaine on their assida. but those who do have a very alert morning.
her: "does *nothing* work outside the us?"
careful. you'll get retweeted by trump
fallon will never do that. he's everyone's best friend
which is why he's no one's real friend.
click on the posts by people raving about jimmy fallon last night. now look at their other posts. you're 10 seconds from something racist.
here is something racist. hey wong, you have a small penis
delete whoever you don't want to copy in to the message
but i wanna figure out the mentions thing. :p
just turned 17, ready to fucking t up this weekend
happy belated bro have fun this weekend
there we go again! the "holy spirit" knows what i do and don't understand! can you even keep the same argument btwn 2 tweets?
after nov, if either of the candidates win, we will have a glass of beer over the winning and pray that god blesses america
delete whoever you don't want to copy in to the message
twitter is so inferior to facebook omg.
flyer from sps. appropriate?
once you see it, you cannot unseen it. someone should have spotted it
questions about now being driven by democrats
wake up america, have you already forgotten the dnc email leaks, hrc only quest is for more power and money
i know but i really want it now
your not the only i was at t-mobile and i turned around because i was like naaaaaa
nooo darren not the same! hahaha please!! il do anything :)
he doesn't do weddings/parties. he said so in an interview once or maybe twice
the struggle lol
tell me about it
i m just trying to create a simplest website. why so hard
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
please i need an app developer if you know of any please tell him or her to contact me on 679618691 it is urgent...
hi merlin, we specialize in developing native mobile apps (ios and android)! our pf +1(212) 209-1537
decided to watch "stranger things" this morning...best decision ive made, ever.
amazing!!!! watched it all in one night!! lol
please check out my latest over . please retweet.
wanted to read it but the pop up made it difficult
road trip.......woof!!
drive safe!!! see you soon!
hillary getting realzy with her inner
pass it on! is unamerican-be patriotic &amp; vote for pro american
what'd you tell them?
was a newly formed team, they requested my info, desired configuration, and where i wanted to pick it up.
yeah i saw that this morning. (sorry, i prefer to skip sale notices... boring!)
boring and confusing all in one!
my tos app is down. why is it still not working?
my goddam app is down again. wtf is the problem? can you not afford more servers, fiber optics leading to more servers? wtf!!!
first cover is time's u.s. edition for this week. second cover is for everywhere outside the u.s.
wanna bet gov't paid them
i'm always 20 minutes early to class
20 minutes before means you're just on time.. ience fience
the first time i heard it was last year's riot fest aftershow and i was shaken down to my bones.
that's why i'm waiting until after the show tonight to listen to the record, bc i'm sure it'll happen with another new song
this does absolutely nothing to his supporters who feel like hillary is just as bad as, if not worse than, trump.
anyone who feels that way is... not with it. at all.
i was smirking and birdman rubbing my hands together after the first paragraph knowing it would be good.
where do i apply to be new york times columnist? i can definitely kick out takes like that at like half the price of brooks.
so what you trying to say about me now?
lol. i had a different feeling looking at him. cus it's u, but it isnt. lol. not in the way i know u. u now would be incest lol
i'm not ready to get up yet. the beds at the are way too comfy
aren't they
bernie sanders: hillary clinton not 'qualified' for president -
pass it on! is unamerican-be patriotic &amp; vote for pro american
shut your gob! twitter reigns supreme!!
i need a hybrid without the creepy tell everyone my home addressness of facebook but without this 140 char bullshit and etc.
here i am stripping in my blue dress on _
i like your blue stockings
only 2 out of 1.2 mil bh followers caught typo, so i don't feel too bad about it. then again i am in the freaking band! not
we all caught it but we let you slide. you're kind of a busy guy.
yeah you know jimbo will be cautious, so we shall see..but if he can't we will be alright
oh yeah we gon be fine 90 and 91 playing so.
knockout of the year for 2016? saul alvarez ko6 amir khan, from may 7
yes!! he put khan in the coffin pose. lol
looking for an entrepreneurial app developer in sri lanka, with the expertise in ios and android technologies. any tips??
we build apps remotely! our portfolio let's talk :) email to leads.com (212) 209 1537 dm
name two things you disagree with trump: tick... tock.. tick...
1- retaliating whenever someone picks on him 2-not thinking through responses when asked questions (tells too much truth)
i earned all the new badges. waiting for more new bagdes. :)
way to go abhi!
. body shames trump: 'he's not slim and trim.'
this guy is a serial jackass. he knows nothing. only clingon media covers the refuse he spews.
doesn't matter, shit never sticks to sony. sony denied mods on fallout and fanboys still blamed bethesda lol
yeah lots of defending
fer the wee ones! a drawing workshop with the tremendous . noon tomorrow
thank you so much for the generous share!
but we all know this poor eren! been looking in all the wrong places xd
this is coming from a person who's aggressively focus on everything but that stuff
is anyone else experiencing lag on iphone 6s running ios 10.0.1? wasn't as bad in the beta - tempted to restore
no, but my battery life has been markedly worse recently.
this is just my bi-monthly tweet to you letting you know how much i think you suck
shoulda moved to the hood got into the city in 18 mins
at this points idk if you're kidding or not
lmaoo they're just lyrics i swear
honestly i don't watch him anyway but if you do this might be a good reason to stop.
i just turned my tv on &amp; it was on cnn, red assure its not anymore
so seems clear trump will try to blame birtherism on hillary, even though this has been thoroughly/definitively debunked. will journos buy?
they'll "report the story" josh.
happy iphone 7 release day! here's my review:
"the pretty aluminum front" -&gt; "the pretty aluminum back"?
donald trump lets jimmy fallon do the unthinkable: mess up his hair
was it real or implants????
you suck a lot at computers and should be very worried
it's not that i'm worried about the contents of the review, it's that i hate the process
i was promised some free samples in the mail but i never received them
we can take care of this. please give our office a call or contact customerservice.com!
"donald trump wrong that hillary clinton wants to release all violent criminals from prison" -
my opinion on what cld happen
i bet you have an itchy trigger finger. glad you're not a cop anymore. have fun il duce! stay up and stay fascist! 88 for life
lol you an elitist drone liberal calling ne a fascist? lol asshole progressive politics mirrors socialism you douche bag
some nights you need to accidentally stay out til 4 am listening to jazz in the village to remember what you're actually doing here
it's never accidental and more of a problem if you're not doing it!
i just woke up to this text
that was for ur eyes only...i thought what we had was special jelly
omg bitch i found her crew
i left cause it's not like they gonna gimme shit
i'd be more on board with libertarians if they started by attacking the military-intelligence-industrial complex, instead of, say, education
liberals are already doing the latter for them anyways via privatization
name two things you disagree with trump: tick... tock.. tick...
i agree with almost all his policy positions, from trade to child care policy. his veteran affairs policy &amp; that of the wall.
happy friday, here are the hottest dads on tv via + :
i've been on tv y'know
i used to care what people thought about me, until one day i tried to pay the bills with their opinions.
i've come to realize that those who think poorly of me are really not great thinkers worthy of my attentions
we made it. he's cute but smelly.
literally the exact same way people describe
any way you can play with the audio on the ? your audio is crisp and loud but your guests are hard to hear.
i hear ya. we split out their track to up levels. mainly need to keep them close to the mic! i'm thinking a harness will do it
how was it?!
the stage about to be built, they were in a circle. about to go in and do some bts since bey won't do it herself
bernie sanders on trump's claim that he we get bernie supporters: "please, do not - anybody - confuse trump with me"
no we wont-you purchase a third house-that's how socialism works for leaders-not the peasants
.: "[trump] is feeding into the worst impulses: the bigotry and bias that lurks in our country."
so speaks the bigot!
trump jr. in 2014 praised his dad's "moral conviction" on obama birtherism
nice that u praise daddy 4 his racist agenda-he trys to invalidate our 1st black pres -moral conviction my ass!
seen online dallas was looking for app developers just wait the come up finna be real
we build apps remotely!our portfolio let's talk :) email to leads.com (212) 209 1537
wow, thinking of the analogy... that's not saying good things about those teams lol
dude i'm not gonna sugar coat my knicks we are yukiho. if i could get a plush of her i would put a knicks jersey on her
bermuda based bank butterfield... try saying that 5x fast
bermuda based bank butterfield bermuda based bank butterfield bermuda based bank butterfield bermuda based bank butterfield b...
join me this saturday as i wage combat &amp; lay waste to my enemies
thanks for sharing!
i missed it to sleep is a hell of a drug
you and rick james...
morning wild card magic number: 16
my lord that's a high number.
how do we access the chat?
i think it's via twitter
thanks mitch let's both make this day fabulous!
morning donna and all! can we make this day fabulous as well?
where's my booty? *sniffle*
i feel like you should know where your booty is?
getting there
the silhouette could stand to be a little more frumpy tho
didn't you just try to remove from *from everyone's table* a possible personal interpretation, tho?
dude, had your coffee yet? i stated my opinion &amp; supported respecting the work, if not the product, of others. that's all.
1. in our faces (i think)? 2. could've seen this coming cc
lesson is: you have to own a social network (not renting someone else's) and you have to own/license the content to do it
i will next year; i am starting from scratch!
let me know if i can be helpful - i think you have older students, but i have lots of different kinds of writing samples.
i hope. but as a christian, why don't we drink a glass of florida (mar-a-largo) orange juice?
thats for kindergarten kids, men settle and rejoice over beer, not juice. u are crazy chuks lol hahahahah, chai this man?
questions over hillary's health rising on the left... by via
god bless you
bill clinton says family's foundation has been "more transparent than any other foundation"
he is just a lying human being... amazing anyone believes a word that comes out of his mouth
any android app developers here??
we build android apps!our recent work: please inbox details to leads.com (212) 209 1537
liberals love the first amendment until you say something they don't agree with.
like send hrc to the gas chamber you are a disgusting human being just like your lunatic father
hillary clinton says donald trump owes president obama an apology for "birther" claims:
i think hillary owes obama an apology for her close campaign staff starting the birther conspiracy in 2008.
voicemail transcription in ios 10 is a big deal to us hearing impaired users. we often are overlooked.
how does the voice mail transcription get activated ?
you vs the guy she tell u to not worry about
lolololol basically rt you vs the guy she tell u to not worry about
other eu nations have banned the burka so why hasn't the uk? it is unbritish,oppressive, degrading &amp; a security
its un american too but they wear them here also.
i hope the ghost of christmas future wakes jimmy fallon up in the middle of the night, calls him an asshole, slaps him, and leaves.
sorry but he sees jimmy then turns, looks at you and says cunt. you then have vagina lips on your face for talking thru
this song gets me so turnt oommggg
i've never ran from nothin but the
been so long since i've been on the road at a "normal" time that i literally forgot about rush hour traffic being a thing
at least you had and i to keep you company!
i dont find joy is promoting nonsense, but here i go the uses of patriotism
ppl that cite 1776 always seem to forget -- intentionally or unintentionally -- that blacks were not treated equally
but usually good for a laugh
a constant source of entertainment.
congrats on win 3,000 behind rock absorber for trainer yogi sheridan (chris brokate pic)
congrats on 3,000 scotty z !!!
overall, it was a good childhood. we were poor, very poor; but, we had friends, family, &amp; community. thats worth something.
my father said in 1989: "we cn b poor and retain who we are or we cn be rich in material things &amp; loose our entire society"
bt recently supplied music to : work fearlessly
and we're so happy with how it turned out! thanks for sharing.
this week i learned it's pretty easy to make the world think you have a legitimate vc firm. even if it's fake.
worked for these guys.
lmaoooo but last night though
amazingggg i forgets how lit they be.
i understand people are super sleepy on the movement. but we are still your friends
shit is goodshit fam
would put dax's goal ahead of felipe's as it was in the playoffs &amp; secured a big road win.
it wasn't until bwp's goal against skc that i believed we had a chance in those playoffs
just because the conspiracy theory is stupid doesn't mean there isn't a conspiracy.
"just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you." joseph heller, catch-22
awful nyt polling q....why not include context that every nominee for 50 yrs has done it?
it does appear that trump has the media wrapped around his finger
i left out a "god forbid" in my trump tweet.
if he wins ima pin it on you
let me know if i can be helpful - i think you have older students, but i have lots of different kinds of writing samples.
plus, after the first assignment, you will have some too.
a collection of ideas from experiences in visual thinking, by robert mckim ...
experiences in visual thinking, robert mckim
cold turkey. no tv. been a month now. i've read 11 books. written, slept, focused, &amp; meditated more &amp; better.
if/when you go back to watching it, television will appear to be so strange to your mind.
mention of "gas chamber" sickening to humanity &amp; 6 million who died in them jr knew what he saying terrible
what a family of morons.
i wrote an essay about why i like to hang out in hotel lobbies and if anyone would like to buy/publish this essay let me know
it's short and it touches on race/class/solitude/hospitality/america/the south
have a good day pretty
thank you girl!
missing out on all the food
no lie i really trained myself for tht day.
tea pain tuned into jimmy fallon last night, but the "fascist funtime hour" with jimmy free-pass was on.
all the lefties watching jimmy fallon be like.......
are you kidding me? the hate speech is clearly coming from hillary. she talk stop being negative.
how's life in kiev "bob" "comrade" ? thank god is hanging tough in this fight w the donald.
hillary clinton was the first birther
fact check!
only his daughter ivanka seems to have any sense to be honest. i bet she is ashamed of him.
she's a lying pos just like the rest of them disgusting family
it took me 5 minutes to find the bathroom but it's fine cause i guarantee my prof is still ranting on hillary
yep.. still on the same slide and talking about hillary
trump tells too much truth? now this will be a problem btwn us, going forward. how can you say this man "tells too much truth"?
he is gloriously honest to a fault. look at how dirty colin powell talked in secret, trump will say it in the open. just true
i cry every day
lol you look so cute in the middle
2/2 meanwhile, click the "exercise tile" and select the timer on the top right to log/track your exercises.
ok, thank you!
last time us used gas chamber to kill a criminal was 17 years ago.
this topic is out of gas. time to move on.
. conveniently forgets that created the movement.
they conveniently choose to forget it
i seem to have woken up to no booty shorts.
saddest morning ever
my dog deadass disappeared for 6 months and just showed up at my door alone.. what? lmfaoo
that's wild af
ca,wy,mo,ms,md,az still use gas chamber as form of execution. by your logic all pro-nazi
sure, if you ignore the context of common usage. nice conclusion though.
blame who you want. i generally blame players who underperform and the bills have dozens and dozens thru years.
lots of folks at one bills drive are making lots of money while doing lots of losing. nice gig.
wow, thinking of the analogy... that's not saying good things about those teams lol
besides i know you'll pick iori for the lakers lol
"we know who donald is. for five years, he has led the birther movement to de-legitimize our first black president." -hillary
you and are the original birthers! wow!
how to go from 0-250k in 12mo was my fave seminar as well as networking! food was bad, next year- healthy options or green juice
thank you for your feedback, we'll bring our juicer next year :)! did you attend a speed networking session, or got dotted?
. - hope you would be able to 'afford' it w/ $600,000.00 payments for a couple of speeches @ goldman.
&lt; she is so boring that $$$ was really for something else i bet.
yas 4 queer latinx voices. dreaming of a recurring a walter mercado sketch this fall. &lt;3
a walter mercado sketch, yes fucking please.
out of sheer morbid curiosity, i'd love to know the number of local pumpkin beers available.
it's fun to keep track - they seem to all come out at different intervals. probably best, as you might get sick of 'em quick.
never stop learning, the future is built on a strong past
happy to see culinary artistry:
i have a machine that turns me into stephon urkell's suave white friend "luscious miesel"
hillary clinton steps into the stephon urkell machine, she comes out as bill's saxophone
agreed. and they probably never will be.
i think you're underestimating the amount of people who know the difference between hillary clinton and a racist demagogue.
if you are an individual who is now mentally/physically unwell after jimmy fallon doing his job, seek mental health help; it's you, not him.
you need to tell
1 of the best ppl i no
hello miss k
biggest thing i've learned so far: 2 chainz cannot whistle
those kittens are sooo cute
just a reminder since halloween is coming up
some great ideas for costumes...
with d degree of "brainpower" at his disposal, even an ss3 student would have written his speeches.
but the entire team in his cabinet are bunch of coconuts, no one will be fired. he loves obama afterall
both of the awards that were supposedly scheduled this week haven't been issued.
and the postponed rebels blueprints as well.
sisqo liked a photo of mine and suddenly i feel complete
he liked three of mine and then followed me
aye, you're blessed.
of course i am....i have you in my life!
i love how archer and lana are really just best friends that are meant to be together.
ugh omg you have no idea how happy i just got reading you watch archer. their love is so real
it's ! check out this exclusive footage of the from our friends !
rt : it's ! check out this exclusive footage of the from our friends !
actually, just made the pot now, waiting for it to start perkin :)
and clarifying, i never said (nor will ever say) that someone can't have an opinion.
i get them all the time don't lie i know you like it happening
but that pack though... also why is your picture still an egg?
"let's reject the cynicism, the bullying, and the divisive rhetoric that my opponent is using to try and make us all afraid of each other."
referring to donlad trump as someone who 'distorts the truth'. unfreakinbelievable!
update your iphone jackass. i'm sure siri is a by now.
i love that your having a conversation with yourself rite now.
i'm laid up. from what book, fiction or non fiction, have you learned the most in the last, ooh, year?
's books are all quite excellent and informative (anathem, diamond age, snow crash, seveneves, etc.).
i blame them both, this game could be something better. was too overhyped imo.
also 60 dollars
hrc, this is a federal felony:encourages that alien to remain in the u.s,assist an alien whom should reasonably know is illegally in the u.s
"whether it's this illegal alien or another..at this point, what difference does indifference to illegal immigration law make?"
those still available?
i'll let you know in an hour or so
i tried to reply on your bloggers meetup post but i think the spam monster ate my comment, could you check please
you are in. it's just delayed moderation. :)
this weekend: natick, ma - sep 17 at the center for arts in natick
see you in natick tomorrow?
where is there a skating rink? i need to learn so i can look cool and go to the big one in sf in december
. in livermore they have one
thinking about resistance as a good thing
gotta stand for something!
i feel like this could be a letter of recommendation, . just a thought.
oh yeah! you are like my editor 4 life.
genuinely upset that i wasn't credited for this find, ktb.
fuck it's true. i ran out of characters. karen saw this &amp; alerted me. best pal
on jimmy fallon: the face you make when you see all your winning &amp; the globalists / dems failing
and driven all the gope's mad...
experiences in visual thinking, robert mckim
make the familiar strange: "stand with your back to what you want to observe ... then bend over at the waist"
. we want to know: will you show up at the global citizen festival on sept 24 to pledge support for ?
lol everyone trying to get those last tickets to gcf
greatness awaits! and waits and waits
and waits and waits
who are you speaking for this morning?
. well obviously i'm speaking to you. it would be interesting to understand your logic or lack thereof around
did this tortoise single-handedly save his species by having lots of sex?
the connotations of 'having sex' don't do justice to the survival aspect. copulation?
right, but i can't personally justify the price for the space the village in particular. but i'm not knocking you.
i love the neighborhood and it all depends on salary honestly. now tribeca would be lovely but the way my bank account set up
rosie you deserve it. i found you to be tough but fair. all the best. sean
there is no "deserve" w/ a free press, only the 1st amendment, which is likely why it got tweeted with "a mere 2 mos" qualifier
(2) ______(date) outside a ______(structure) in _____(specific locale) in columbus oh, according to ____(vague source)
(3) _______(badge/shield) had been ______(continous watching) him/her bcuz_______(reason) ...and he/she seemed to match....
congrats !! wasn't able to get the nyx blush but got her this brush set!
thank you so much everyone
eating dinner and it is amazing! far beyond my expectations...
welcome to sf!
i really don't want a benz anymore. at this point i would be perfectly satisfied in a honda civic w/ the tint.
ain't nothing wrong with a honda bro..specially that car note and gas andddd not having to dodge fuckn pot holes
that's cold, sir hahah
the okc thunder were yayoi until durant left
i don't understand how people listen to mac miller
listen to the divine feminine. it's unlike his other projects and it's beautiful.
not just those who know trump was wrong about this. also ones who were buying into it when trump pushed this theory past 2011.
logic is never a factor4trump.let him drown in his own stupidity!
october 4th @ the senator theater! i'll be opening for gta, chris lake, and falcons! if you need...
be there!!!!
good to know! also, i just think ads that play clips of gaffes are dull.
in brooklyn, it's a constant loop of negative hrc ads, followed by back-to-back spots lauding the maturation of plastic bottles.
drink every night and still run prefect combat/ physical fitness tests. i'm such an functioning alcoholic
what's your saco's number? lmao
how many iphones have you ever owned
today i'll pick up my 12th iphone..
just think about this "hillary invented birtherism" conspiracy theory. so... obama made the conspiracy's founder his secretary of state?
you're parsing words. she many not have "founded" the theory but she sure as hell exploited it
i thought u meint that jokerleto was better than kim or something
uh yeah he is!
amazing to be part of the team that built this
brilliant work everyone
haha! in fact, years ago i created the first joe rao fan page on facebook
please send him a bobblehead
so the "wall" is now a proper noun? a wall that will never be built has become your rallying ?! i just tire for una!
don't u shut ur door when u are inside ur house, &amp; open when someone knocks? so why can't america do same? it defines sovereignty
$ecyt accumulation in place.
got my eye on it. but really more interested in what $cala is doing. second dosing start in as many weeks pr'd ystdy.
make the familiar strange: "stand with your back to what you want to observe ... then bend over at the waist"
experiences in visual thinking, robert mckim
i'm waiting for the sony fanboys and media to blame hello games something we know is coming.
they already are, go see neogaf
it's encouraging to see that michigan's unemployment rate remains below the national average:
tax and regulate i-poker prohibition doesn't work
about to step on stage. reports that ben carson will join him.
cats are the only animal that can travel between all seven of our dimensions. their physic powers amaze.
san mateo by night and work by morning equals no sleep whatsoever
love you
i jus want my booty to grow
backshots the way to goo
trump vows to stop "fda food police," says he'll eliminate food safety regulations
eats fast food,doesnt care about americas health food safety or food programs-if he had a heart it would explode
this interview was less than 20 seconds.
c'mon it is jesse watters, nice guy, but not cronkite. 20 secs is a lot of tv.
its so incredible &amp; beautiful
so beautiful
great for traveling! stop by our booth in the capitol ballroom friday or saturday to enter.
they are!
i have heard this joke for what feels like every day for the past 4 months.
that's what dads are for!
penn state tomorrow
come join one of the top wr groups in the country! right
safety recall: exchange at your carrier for a new note7, galaxy s7, s7 edge or to get a refund.
now concerned my galaxy s7 w/have same issue. bought 5 months ago what are indicators ?
yep. about 50% of undocumented earn less than 100% of fpl, and about 50% are uninsured. they are
estimate is 1.4m undoc uninsured &amp; 1m eligible for medicaid; 60-70% of undocs uninsured 1/
true, that. :-) how's everything?
good! excited for the weekend. job searching really takes a toll on you!
thursdays at nine!!
fifteen minutes into episode one and i already hate the "i've never used unconventional materials" guy. like?? wtf!
eg capital advisors signs deal with agon ltd to become sponsor of fide world chess championship match 2016
so what happened to those mobile apps that promised during the candidates? i guess we'll have to use
god bless man good lucc to your team this yr. srry 4 arguing it's only football. sum neither has control over.
apology accepted. we are all children of , jesus.
check your email for confirmation! we are checking out pairs stock is very limited! refunds will go out after release!
looks like mostly sizes bigger than 9.5 were more likely to have success
tap the arrow button. then tap the 4 circles in the bottom left. no don't scroll. then tap store. or tap the tiny blue link. seriously.
the experience of receiving messages on older oses is downright awful. random images and cryptic text? like, why?
ew puke. (actually wait, that's probably their next flavor!)
don't give them any ideas
ce mangano honors medic &amp; officers for actions in delivering &amp; saving the life of a newborn
we are hoping for true justice in nassau county. no corruption. if yo have money and power you are not above law
donald trump calls reporter who grilled ivanka "non-intelligent"
crybaby trumps can't answer straight forward questions that hold them accountable for their own words.
might "cost less" to do 5 remodeling projs on home at once but you only do them as can afford them. same with dot.
tax and regulate i-poker prohibition doesn't work
ugh, that's a tax-subsidy to high-income renters. scrap the credit entirely, spend the money on something useful.
then allow me to deduct my student loan interest! i can't afford a mortgage because of the size of my principal.
glad you had fun. thanks for nice words. oh and 6 blocks from sandy hook bay not couple miles. :)
i'm terrible at estimating things... but i'm great at drinking beer!
trump, in jan. 2016, as a presidential candidate: "i have my own theory on obama. someday i'll write a book."
a book about how to get away by lying, insulting and bullying.
having to change your language setting whenever you text
swiftkey works great for this! it understands spanglish. recommended.
wonderful initiative by kilikili:inclusive play spaces - breaking barriers, building bridges
i followed the link but couldnt find info on the book. is there a way to order it?
bitch! me and my husband on kim kardashian hollywood just had our second child!
brittany lmfao. you still play that shit??
blown racist in private, were we to ever see his emails or text messages. 2/
give me a break. i know racist when i see them. by their fruits, u shall know them. is too classy to be racist
women's wrestling is at a all time best in we've got and her top rivals and
and with hers all we need is to come to smackdown when she returns
congrats!!!!!
thanking you! can't wait for my bojangles at the stage door! hahaha
what about an obese man struggling to stand?
universal consideration would clearly apply to that situation.
yep. about 50% of undocumented earn less than 100% of fpl, and about 50% are uninsured. they are
...so, maybe 3/4 undocs in ca below 100% fpl. 2/
ppl that cite 1776 always seem to forget -- intentionally or unintentionally -- that blacks were not treated equally
you can love this country, and believe in its greatness while also demanding more. that's how reform happens.
she is not hanging tough, she's barely standing in. she needs to just take a nap.
have some borscht &amp; pine over american democracy. get rid of putin &amp; free yourself!
garbage website with garbage writers tmz level
. actually produces a lot of content that edifies and lifts up black culture. your wholesale disregard is childish
god bless man good lucc to your team this yr. srry 4 arguing it's only football. sum neither has control over.
sorry for arguing as well. good luck against the noles.
i rather like 'naugahyde huckster' - very evocative both of the apparent material and the faux-luxury.
but how many naugas had to die? :'(
please tell me you spelled "diabetes* wrong on purpose
yes fool haven't you seen the video
next week involves brasstracks &amp; flume b2b.
oh &amp; first day of school
helping out my friend cameo get her film distributed, she really needs people to follow her page.
thank you so much!
we'd like to follow up. please contact us here: ~ara
no one ever followed up. received a call with number called back and they never answered not returned my call. very disappointed
pittsburgh steelers antonio brown fined for twerking in the end zone monday. . questions whether a 26 yd td is even twerk-worthy.
you hit it...2x bad taste!
my veto of 1/2 this year's was difficult but necessary. it ensures that we will have pfds for future alaskans.
join nj,del and nv tax and regulate i-poker prohibition doesn't work
poor josh getting caught in the twitter convo
i'm loving the dialog. all this is exactly what everybody is considering, and having you two weigh in is really great.
it hasn't... e zoo weekend for &amp;me anyway
though i sadly still have never keinemusic-ed
so sorry connor. i don't control the website. is there an x in the upper right corner you can click?
unfortunately not, i'm going to try it on my ipad later.
awesome! "soon you can get henrik lundqvist - in pop! form"
i was so excited to see the announcement! have a few pops but none as handsome as the king!
bernie sanders: donald trump running a 'campaign of bigotry' via
here is a younger bernie sanders reacting to a conservative.
oy, i know. i wish you much luck. any weekend plans?
friend's birthday and mother in law coming for dinner on sunday night. i'm cooking :p
no, it hurts me that hillary recently stated she was against gay rights. that's what hurts me. you like it?
1) not that recent, 2) the republican platform is against gay marriage and trump's vp is most anti-lgbt pol in us
has he released his emails? if he did, you know he'd have much worse things than powell. you know that, right? he'll be full 1/
he doesn't do email, never believed in it. everything u need to know about him is in public. he speaks his mind everyday
she means mine, because we're married she gets to claim it partially.
oh! i didn't know you were married! huzzah!!
had a dream i was at denny's with and i said i love denco's and somehow won a huge flat screen tv for saying that. honestly wth?
congratulations tho
for info, i was "doored" off my bike. didn't even see it, must have hit the front of the bike. lucky in many ways, and helped by many too.
at least you live in a country where cycling is dangerous enough to wear a helmet!
moving cap tables and private portfolio management to the cloud is super powerful:
often, a cap table is more of a 'guideline', where access to that information is fiercely protected and frankly even obfuscated.
islam is no more violent than christianity, and christians have committed more terrorist acts than muslims
yes: crusades as an example. actually both are very similar if you look past 'naming' the creator.
cannot wait to go!!! go ahead have 1 more, i won't tell! lol. were they big or mini?
haha. i like how you think! the cannolis were the perfect size. and best part. the choco chips in the filling.
it's harder to do the right thing than the wrong thing, do the right thing! :)
sorry chuck will never vote 4hillary my children's children are more important she cant hold her shoes on
: [video:] ariana grande ft. - "side to side" via
sounds like she ripped off durty from the naked truth. man nicki minaj can't rap for shit
she trying to find out when your next gig so she can collect
i'm sending her this right now bro lol
my bike has been a fun little project
let me ride that bro
so, jimmy fallon is a russian agent. i knew it!
this is another deplorable tweet and i am so mad......
thanks for the follow
always night to meet fellow gamers / streamers! :d
everyone needs to watch this
weezy goes off at the end he really is jesus carter
omg woke up to so many notifications. thank y'all for the birthday wishes aahhhh
happy birthday!!!
flight attendant just told us to turn off all galaxy note 4s. "and whatever you do, don't charge them!"
note 4 or 7? also, which airline?
first time in 6 years for me. i accidentally picked the most popular version, size, color. (+, 128, matte)
256 jet black plus. i was doomed from the get go ;)
i always thought the bitch was gonna try and crawl out my tv lmfaooooooo
i kinda had a crush on her when i was little lmaooooo
weekend plans: seeing blair witch, spirited away at the prytania, laundry
get carter tomorrow afternoon, probably hitting up the strand, seeing boogie nights on sunday
omg i know! remind me which one this was?
i think his name is alex? really annoying voice black glasses
i'd like to take this moment to point out that is the only candidate that doesn't travel with his press corps. the only 1.
trump understands the press is not there to help him,but to purposely make him look bad. so better off not having the propool
google street view's beefed-up privacy blurs out cow's face
i guess the cow wouldn't sign the release form ;)
well at least there's this: "harsh truths from baby animals"
always easier to swallow this tough medicine when administered by a kitten or a downy little duck.
calls a leach...pot meet kettle...
so despicable and vile his own brother beat him to a pulp and took out his lying eye on new year's eve.
maybe it's just me but i don't think a german car could handle a bad bitch like you. you need american muscle in your life.
that's hilarious lmao . i'd look pretty bad ass in a wrangler
amaaaziiinggg! congrats! what's the role??
thank you! "brand ambassador" ! i'll be working their demo booths for oculus 3, starting at oculus connect conference! ^_^
i love oktoberfest beer. i prefer the darker styles though.
fall always means oktoberfest-style beers for me. i love drinking them outside with friends.
$celg 0301 *deep dive* and doc call: updated thoughts ahead of presentation
cool, let me know if you see that slide deck, should be interesting. $celg
islam is no more violent than christianity, and christians have committed more terrorist acts than muslims
it's the fanaticism that sheds poor light on all religion. practicing for oneself rather than others is key.
haha come pick me up ;)
without me? (; ahaha
thanks for your support of public lands!
have had my senior pass for some time now. nationalparks are a must to visit.our heritage
it's not the price. you could price it for 50$ and they still lied about being an online game.
price played into it , indie game for 60 is setting expectations too high for that studio
it's a beautiful theory! it'd be awesome if it were true.
i liked the, like, vague feminism of it. can man science explain breasts?????
mostly the same people, is all i am saying.
but still, there's 13m uninsured over 200% fpl, prob healthier than lower income.
xenophobia is tossed around by libs. it is not irrational to want safety. legal immigration!
odds of being killed by: illegal immigrant: 1 in 10.9 billion falling down stairs: 1 in 246 car accident: 1 in 100
kellyanne plz keep this from becoming another kahn effect.
we are begging now, keep trump on msg &amp; focused on leveling the playing field &amp; winning
was that from tonight? i saw some good innings including his rbi
i think it was ted. great game!
max is great
love max but he's no skip.
just :) purchased it
awesome my man! here's to a profitable season!
really...talk to the guys who survived it..you moron.
she got her karma for benghazi - on 9/11/2016 - her potus dream died that day !!
i'm wearing cheetah underwear so that i'll get an a on my patho exam
that's always my logic
a big problem with universities these days is that the people making decisions are not the academics &amp; librarians.
well, uh, at least they put a $10 nameplate on a bench for him...
apparently dates are bad:
that's what i was trying to tell for years
thank god they've finally announced the cast! is coming back to broadway y'all!
as she should!! this cast is awesome!
"oh youre emily scott!!" ..ya, hi who are you?
hahaha classic
are you leaving seattle already?
. no city can contain , baby. he's the wind.
thank y'all so much.
happy birthday,u more sexy,more beautiful,then ever..it's good 2 be 25..enjoy your day, miss hall
wtf is this.. explain yourself
um, guessing that was response to when said that line. forget circumstances.
how many twitter marriages are you in woman?
sounds like a great life!
happy birthday day my nigga have a good ass day
thanks matt
happy friday!
happy friday denise i see you are a comedian where can i see some of your work i can use some laughing therapy in my life
remember, dena bragged up the necktie storyline saying it will go on for a while just like she is now with the criminals.
dena loves to use storylines to get ratings then she lets it all go to crap again once they have a renewal. returns will leave again.
respect here is a idea of that: try to listen when you can &amp; get back to me.peace
. i will take a listen
trump tells fbn i was "very rude" to ivanka and "really attacked" her "viciously" and calls me "non intelligent"
thats not a word
got my new keyboard (h/t for the rec) definitely an improvement over those tented ones
whoa! that looks awesome
i should add: the piece is being published next month for black history month - which, in the uk, is in october.
please remind us so we an share and get our hands on it! congratulations! i'm proud of you. &lt;3
i am beyond excited to be a part of this iconic show with these amazing people. can't wait!!
looking forward to catching this. congrats!!
anyone else with ios 10 always (accidentally) activating voice control when trying to unlock the phone?
not once, even in beta. unlock via touch, then button tap to open.
hey, i'll do that any time! 3 ring cameras, 1 ring doorbell, 8 eeros, 2x echo, 1 dot, 11 wemo light switches, schlage camelot
when is on ur podcast? this is the funniest, most real thread ever!
i'll be rooting for my this season but i'll be loving &amp; forever for this tee
lol!!! ;) hugs from a frenchie in nyc
is it hoodie weather ? i'm freezing in my house
more like cardigan but is actually good out side
she is not hanging tough, she's barely standing in. she needs to just take a nap.
let's be very clear here. trump is the enemy. donald and his greedy family will never be president
trump is literally running for president as a giant marketing campaign for his ego and properties. and many conservatives are defending it!
he will put assets into "blind trust" kids running people believe it would be blind . dear leader says it so true
good morning twitterverse! anyone have any tips about dealing with trolls who claim ip over open source code that you've written yourself?
did they invoke actual lawyers yet? if not, wait until they do?
you're not the first person who has told me this lol
hes cuter because hes him...but u know. lol. i cant see my sean in that way. lol. that would just be weird lmao
yes girl im trynna make that a move... gotta get a fire costume too
wordd me too did u buy your ticket ?
"let's reject the cynicism, the bullying, and the divisive rhetoric that my opponent is using to try and make us all afraid of each other."
we oppose you, your bigotry, your use of the latino and african america voter. your divisive rhetoric!
"eisenhower didn't want to drop the atom bomb; i didn't even know that until i started writing this book." -
bill o'reilly's history books are teaching our young kids what they should have learned in school. no more !
pizza &amp; beer is so perfect there lol
fuck yeah! have you tried the wings ?!? so fucking bomb
hillary clinton throws her aides under the bus for their 'pneumonia response' &amp; refuses to say when kaine found out
yes we believe you hillary, you are so important and honest, i'm just a deplorable...
probably not a bad thing to rotate. having a lot of calls about imidacloprid issues - 15-20 yrs no rotation!!!!!
damnit, what to?
rosenberg announces garcia to stay on through july 2018 -
i won't ever stop lobbying for the job. y'all are a d1 program in miami, no more complacency please
i have a machine that turns me into stephon urkell's suave white friend "luscious miesel"
a gap button down steps into the stephon urkell machine. it comes out an affliction tee
truuuuu. what games you play
main games right now are overwatch and destiny but i play lots of fps games in general - indie games in between
don't post videos of you talking on snapchat. we not listening
facts!! don't post videos of you talking on snapchat. we not listening
big thanks to can't wait to try it out with our guys!
how's the testing going? we would love to hear!
truuuuu. what games you play
what about you?
it took a few wears but i am loving my soft leather medium tops. ...
they look awesome with those socks! :)
w polak gone, i envision few/if any lu gripes, but my prefered lu: 89-19-8, 27-39-42, 12-48-28, 83-50-68, 44-61, 7-88, 5-74
1) there is no 28...missing 57 so i assume it's him. 2) 48 should stay with 19-8, best line in hockey in 2nd half
craig has been giving us a countdown since game 1. he's a trooper
yowzers. if you watch the '86 mets video they did super early countdowns too.
reading: dates in urls reduce google visibility (or, you know, just the normal cohort time decay of content.)
it's the damn dates, aj. the filthy little dates are the cause of everything
don't hold your breath. "cutting edge" on them; "disrespectful, unprofessional and unkempt" on us.
and the real rub is locs are really only gross on them because it's not natural for them
hagf gz &amp; all
likewise beth
interesting. my i7-4558u zenbook infinity laptop can't handle youtube 360p at vp9 when in 1.25x mode. drops 10% of frames, even when cached
you need a kabylake , it has hardware support for vp9
i learned recently that apples you buy in the store are from the prior year's crop. so they're basically a year old.
they must be jacked with preservatives
i just started again after a good 8 month hiatus pls don't judge
too late.
okay people with 'parent of an honor student' bumper stickers, you had sex, we get it.
thinking of making one that says "i don't tout my child's achievements in order to validate my existence"
god will either give us what we ask for in prayer or give us what we would have asked for if we knew everything he knows.
if we knew everything yahweh knows, would there be a need for prayer?
we need more black creative directors, editors, designers, buyers, forecasters, etc. so that shit like this doesn't continue to happen
it's gonna happen regardless cause they're gonna see what's poppin and try to emulate it
happy now and ? happy?
oh this is what they were talking about?! haha.
fg set to inject $1.1 billion to boost economy: the federal government is set to inject an additional 350 bil...
the govt should stop the piece meal injection. in a recession, u spend big, 5 billion usd at a minimum. consumers are broke
nearby 67thave station!
*runs to nearest train station*
our first wave sold out super fast; sorry about that! we're restocking shortly, so sign up for notifications on the product page!
already done! thanks!
next time you're in town hmu
it's a bet! i gotchu
a whole pound
i'll butcher a piggie for ya
"tangible" like resurrecting birther, branding millions of bigots not part of america"?
after some muslims butcher innocents the cry goes out the land: we need "tangible" policies!
everyone should watch netflix the mask you live in pushing a distorted masculinity on boys destroys
just learning about this now, listening to a bit on this morning. eye-opening.
even the vacuum cleaners are happy in canada.
henry hoovers! those are from the motherland. they have a lady friend, the hetty hoover. happy to hoover your home.
tonight: , , a performance by kiiara, and your funniest tweets.
and your dumb ass didn't ask any questions on how he's a racist bigot? you really are the worst
old white people who want to tell black teens what to think is his exact demo
david brooks makes me wish the knockout game was real
1) very recent. hillary was a hate filled bigot. might still be. 2) true! just like hillary recently was.
"i love the poorly educated!"
you too gregg and all
happy friday randy and all
also if she were competent
did u know bernie could not even be bothered to show up to the senate confirmation vote for the new librarian of congress...
the struggle was real!!
ugh. it was the hardest of times. until i got this bad boy for xmas one year.
orly taitz (remember her?) says she's cool with trump backing off birther stuff as long as it helps him win.
we know what bucket that one belongs in.
[new blog post] legendary fitness for very little gold
omg where did you get that american maid figurine?
nah that's my leave block . i'm gonna be home but i'll probably be there still in 22nd i think
alright then it's gonna be my mission to see you before you leave than.
"this is fabricated stuff" says of nypost story alleging he appointed joe esposito in response to donor's request
did he say the call was fabricated, or just the causal link?
a guy just stepped in front of me in the cross walk, yelled "you're pretty," in my ear and then walked away.
but please do tell me again why i should be flattered and not completely alarmed by that interaction.
it is. rt : he's fine but i think that's his girl in his header, so let me not
block him ma
pleasant surprises @ . 1. 2day i met phenomenal 2. i won a brand new laptop at the
how very cool..congrats and keep up the great work
breaking: , , , more join
check out like and share our facebook page
good morning.
guys i've been transcribing for two hours someone help
that's nothing. come to luxemburg once
i don't think i've ever been there so i'm gonna have to make a visit and see what all the hype is about
ed you're missing the point. nils is using every single one of those tabs, all the time.
i have memorized keyboard shortcuts to switch tabs. 'nuff said ;)
= libs who block charter schools/vouchers + keep inner city blacks 'down on the farm'
it might disrupt the enjoyed by the teacher's unions.
it's september 16 and jr smith is still a free agent.. lol what's the hold up? cavs took forever to sign tristan thompson last year too
looks like it'll be another case of that. dont know how n why iman shumpert makes more n does absolutely jack shit at times smmfh
oh yeah, that guy
haha. he seems very how many episodes have there been so far? i see two actual episodes plus the audition tape one
. lets mess up his hair on late-night tv
still not voting for him
this photo will be in history books and the caption will not be about how jimmy fallon is such a fun nice guy.
why don't you tag him? talentless talk show host
goodmorning my loves
good morning
i don't even know who brian is lol
brian justin crum i think his whole name is lol
i'm very happy with my iphone se. great battery life and my life is too small for bigger screen
i agree. i was thinking a cpu update on se would've been great.
he was eating??
yup. not too mention the glare. going to use as focus on stage story for classes this weekend
she still hasn't seen my potato tattoo damn it
she's seen the picture at least
no idea how people actually find the blair witch project scary
it's terrifying because it's all in your head nothing scary happens except for what you take it as
how much you wanna bet they don't have sex, they 'bone'
i choked omfg
wow another great week stats wise for . thx n n and !
note: to programmers, promoters, managers, companies, we do accept some ads on . email me for rates
i'll buy the booze
how far is your house from my house?
obama's only response to trump should be "fuck you asshole!"
i wonder if it will be come january 21
i wouldn't beef with him
he is corny to me ever since that butterfly on his face
happy 20th birthday katie, we've had our moments but i absolutely love you a ton &amp; appreciate you. enjoy your day
thanks brookie love you so much
now is time for faithful united methodists to stand firm! sign our declaration telling the to remain faithful:
god bless you
read this! it might explain why you feeling like that.
lawd this was needed!
weeks late to retweet but it was a lot of fun getting that all together. are super awesome. i love you all so much.
it was a really fun project to be part of too. thanks for the opportunity
but what i want to know is, is it castles or rooks?
rooks, it's always rooks. those poxy little weenies only count as castles in wales, and look how that turned out.
it is 3am &amp; the phone is ringing in the white house- america can rest assured will be awake!
america, you have to see 13 hours and the hillary movie... i immediately sent money to the trump campaign
orly taitz (remember her?) says she's cool with trump backing off birther stuff as long as it helps him win.
what?! she's a trump supporter? who would have thought? we know what basket she belongs in.
how are you so tall?
lol fat ass hates sitting on floor
trump teases "big announcement" on obama citizenship today at opening of dc hotel:
trump-the-shlockteaser! how cocky!
not sure what this means but just look at this
that's out of context
they're trashpales rabble rousers &amp; sole agenda is to get clicks "write things for money"
. a lot of folks in "media &amp; entertainment" produce content with the idea of financial success.
yeah! 6th ave and 21st. it's down a set of escalators, huge store!
wow hahaha i hope they've changed the music since i worked there :\ :\ that shit still haunts my dreams
lets start with her speeches to her big donors &amp; big banks! im sure they will be more interesting!
they were speeches. people heard them. not secret. why does trump get to hide his ?
for some reason i first read that as "twister" and thought your mornings were way more fun.
hey let's not give away all my secrets...
how are you so tall?
ps ruined my shirt lol
it's been a long season. there will be champagne for clinch day
i'm always down for champagne. probably having a bottle alone tonight, just because friday.
haha been last time i got my chris brown on has been a while
damn you're back on here? lol. feels like it's been years.
just one, so far! audition and first challenge!
oh yay!! i'm excited. i'm glad you mentioned it. made me remember i haven't watched in a while!
yes i saw you tweet about it
teehee idk if he could have handled the responsibilities of office/he has more ent issues than hrc tbh
sagat twisted his ankle.
what happen
jets finally won gday everybody
it's only game two
ladies &amp; gents, the most viral song in our country is... .
i *just* started following you and now there's damage to my psyche
i basically came to work in my pajamas today. someone come fix my life. i just need like 2.3 mill and a mimosa.
sounds like you're doing things right to me.
my professor asked me when i typically go to sleep, i said 2am. they assume i'm out partyin/drinkin but i'm at home watching youtube videos.
lmao! why? are you sleeping in class?
whats the best way to describe the 17 tib of files i just processed in gcs ... large data?
i mean it's not big data, i could probably put it on a network drive, would probably annoy my co-workers
a wonderful thing: on 10/4 you will be able to read both 's today will be different and 's the wangs vs the world
these books are both excellent. funny, smart, cleverly structured, full of vivid voices, wicked humor but also heart.
and that was just the beginning of the year .. it's crazy.
i dead ass be payin like 2.70
"obama has been one of the worst foreign policy presidents we've ever seen. a strong argument could be made w/that case."
the prisons are full of chicago politicians, when the corrupt doj is replaced obama will join them.
i miss bad suns. where are they? are they okay? come back soon.
in response to my former inquiries, bad suns is alive and thriving. i am blessed.
have a great friday all
likewise beth
when your professor lets class out 20min early.
every mins count!
serious question... ya really think putting ya kids in private school vs. public school makes a difference??
difference of what education ?
happy birthday have a great day ilyyy
thank you!! ily2!!
thottown university
sounds like my kinda place when you put it like that
i wanna live on the beach oh mannnn
i live on a beach and its so pretty
comscore can't come close to properly tracking its own financial performance. don't see how they recover from this.
comscore: remember our widely cited app download study? sorry, but our methodology was off.
they're trashpales rabble rousers &amp; sole agenda is to get clicks "write things for money"
. it's possible that your comments were very offensive to many people
happy birthday to my lil sis can't believe ur 17 already we are getting too old, luv u see u soon
lmao forgot to tag
about an hour and a half at that, but i might be in camp pendelton doing raven course
well where ever you are i'll try to go see you my guy. bring your wife and i'll bring mine.
if you are on a mobile that shouldn't be there. just double checked.
it's gone, thanks
hey internet: in a top gun situation, what is the job of the goose (and later merlin) type guy? he's not flying, he's _______ .
weapons specialist, i believe.
if decides to unblock me from everything then i'll tell mom to go visit her
i want new makeup too.
it's gonna be so sad seeing mel next week tho cause i'm gonna have to say bye until the next tour :(
but album 2 is coming soon sooooo
since it's relevant today, here's a piece i wrote 7 (!!) years ago: a handy-dandy guide to refuting the birthers
you wrote this before i was born
i mean it's not big data, i could probably put it on a network drive, would probably annoy my co-workers
but probably wouldn't be any dif from that time i realized i was using &gt; 10% of the shared drive of the gov agency i was working for
's film to go head-to-head with 's !
why is it a war? can't a person go to see both films???
so i've been told. i will get my caffeine fix through other sources, and you can have all the coffee.
of course, coffee is for the elite, we don't accept rank amateurs into the coffee ranks.
i just woke up, packed, drove twenty minutes to the airport, checked in, did security and boarded a plane in around forty minutes.
this is what you can do when you wake up at 7am for an 8am flight.
these books are both excellent. funny, smart, cleverly structured, full of vivid voices, wicked humor but also heart.
i really recommend both 's today will be different and 's the wangs vs the world so highly. pre-order if you like!
2 of my fave tiny but mighty female friends will be bossing in sweden nxt week
love you ! :-) so excited to be tiny and mighty with you in sweden!
i am co-planning with another teacher but cannot get her to show up in the school channel. we have the same email domain. help!
adam, we can help you. please email us to support.com with the email account of that teacher
because the world needed david fucking brooks to whitesplain patriotism to a black man
at least all of those black hs football players who read his column religiously will learn something useful.
put fire inside of you
gods blessings be upon you
the cavs ordered a championship ring for former coach, david blatt.
as long as varejao doesn't get one as well
. funny. that's exactly what people say whenever your name comes up too. mostly the diapers.
mostly the content in the diapers. donny jr. is full of it.
updating icloud account is stalling upon setup :p
thoughts on the new home button?
well there goes our episode on renaming the nhl awards after leftist radicals.
so no emma goldman leadership is the last resort of scoundrels award presented by bridgestone?
yea and? so is saudi arabia and iran. and america's right wing wants to "make germany great again".
no. they're not. they're monarchies/theocracies but they aren't occupying foreign space under marshall law
well then i guess that explains it,but what it doesn't explain is y hasn't he been arrests in 8yrs? fake
guess u haven't watched the news lately.corrupt holder defied congressional subpoena. obama illegally used executive privilege.
did they give you bagels because my preorder experience was good but definitely did not include bagels
yep! i had to spread the cream cheese myself though ;(
to get in, do i have to make that face?
it probably helps
this is what you can do when you wake up at 7am for an 8am flight.
on the other hand, i may smell bad enough to strip paint from the walls as i go past. no idea. sigh.
love embarrassing myself and having to run to the bus stop because my bus driver is a fucking idiot!!!!!!!
omg imagine you tripped and fell and just laid there and didn't get up with a run in your stockings while the train pulled away...
i will today, you?
just did now ..lmk when you do
weird that everyone else is keeping quiet about it!!!
truly unconscionable
and emma room. have you seen it lately !?
it's true... it's a mess
omg the queen following a real one...won't god do it!! it's lit now (meek's voice) thanks queen
! congratulations
wltm any designers with experience working with android / material design looking for short term contracts (no rcrtrs)
we would be happy to assist you on remote work.let us know so that we can discuss further via dm.pf:
...fix that without having to reimport everything. but for the how you'll have to google.
at least i think i figured out what i did wrong that caused this. i think.
hillary is greedy, and she will probably kill her way to the wh
what's wrong with you? seriously.
for size of nongroup market, see industry filings via mark farrah:
i think kaiser's 'potentially eligible for mplace' is basically estimate of indiv mrkt capacity: 27m
how else could they do it?
at least some hyperlink for apps? i got a static half screenshot from words with friends on my mac. very confused.
john f. kennedy didn't show his taxes why should ? it's not required by law. 's emails are required!!
. how many presidential candidates since kennedy did not release tax returns?
rnr + cowboy = yeehaawww!
no dirty talk young later
have you tried it? my only memories of gefilte fish is struggling some down during passover dinner
i kind of weirdly like it, but with lots of horseradish.
bros in the gym need to chill. maybe work in with me instead of giving me stank eye because i'm using 25s? i'm here to get big too, dude.
you're my favorite, fuck those guys
it's in the whatsapp!!
it is? note i want a whatsapp
last year had a spare bottle on clinch day by chance it was great. then mets bar in dc passed around for nlcs clinch
i missed most champagne celebrations last season, because most were on weeknights, and i work at 2am, ha.
i bet you have an itchy trigger finger. glad you're not a cop anymore. have fun il duce! stay up and stay fascist! 88 for life
and the chances you have a real job is about likely as finding a set of real tits on a porn slut
lay off the heroin drug addict sher.
&gt; spewed racial gop hate on oxycotin 4yrs !
i just shook my head watching this play live
i shook my head when we couldn't get the first on 4th down with a power run. that's supposed to be our bread and butter.
you're breaking my heart here. i'm glad that i could help you out in some small way.
the heart i constantly truly break is my own. but i hope to strengthen it over time, heat, and stress into a cold hard diamond
just got hipper &amp; tasty! opening 66 willoughby today! brooklynchamber...
come between 12-1:30 today!
no jet black phones on display here. my sales guy hasn't even seen one in person yet.
maybe they don't exist.
from : this walk-off was an all-timer:
given how tough he has been on them, to convert dan is significant. great win
stop giving me that look ... i'm sure u &amp; will have a gr8 time 2gether... maybe i'll b laying on the beach 2...somewhere
people don't come here for the beaches, pacific ocean is freezing. we have nice trees, giant redwoods and sequoias!
more: new technology alters the structure of our interests, character of our symbols, and nature of community.
ie. the things we think about, the things we think with, and the arena in which our thoughts develop
best of luck commissioner bratton on your retirement.
contact the crime prevention officer to register iphones/electronics or have a security survey conducted for free!
yes!! saw him in a small club in new orleans yrs ago, was magic
me too but in nyc, dinner and dancing. it was great. his voice .....ahhhh :-)
bros in the gym need to chill. maybe work in with me instead of giving me stank eye because i'm using 25s? i'm here to get big too, dude.
there's a phenomenon i discovered and named "bitches @ the gym" and i think it applies here
is an awesome front woman imo
good friday all
i can barely handle my irl marriage let alone 4 twitter ones.
i also had this thought
maybe they don't exist.
shit am i about to buy an empty box
she hasn't :(
her best friend showed her it
in a country filled w dumb ideas, this is by far the dumbest of all
i'm going to try and get on 2day and ask if he thinks girardi woulda left layne in if he struck him out on 2 pitches instead of 3
which list do you fall under?
i hope i'm on both lists: we need both
difference in modelling vs deterministic data. comscore did great things for me 6 yrs ago, but there are limits to models
what do you mean by "comscore did great things for me 6 yrs ago"? if the model is that far off, you can't release the results...
how else could they do it?
the text reactions could probably use an image or also some link at least the first time you get one.
that sounds like hw i'd wanna have... ppl watching is fun
not when it's the same group and its for 15 minutes
it's ironic that he says he doesn't see race when 90% of his models are white
good point it was just convenient for him to say otherwise during interview
is john tortorella worse than michel therrien
who even knows anymore
for violating the student's rights??
students have no rights
yeah but they look like little castles. i'm just not seeing any crow-like bird there
bah, they look like towers. although i suppose there's no corresponding name for the move. i really know fuckall about chess
shit am i about to buy an empty box
not empty, it has just the right amount of rocks inside to make it feel like an iphone.
have you looked at the toyota sequoia (8 seater)?
that interior is fresh
i bet you have an itchy trigger finger. glad you're not a cop anymore. have fun il duce! stay up and stay fascist! 88 for life
guarantee u live at hole leaching off your mom. sure bet she wishes she swallowed u that night over 2 decades ago
yo brody hope the show went well!
was dope af bro
i thought i was done with graphic tees after the velma+ripley+janine one, but maybe not
seriously. once you go skeletor...
oh, do tell! (apart from not backing up since 2011?)
i think that even though i keep my library on my external, itunes kept the library file on my computer in the itunes folder.
looks like he's wearing a diaper!
that's what i said
i'm going to try and get on 2day and ask if he thinks girardi woulda left layne in if he struck him out on 2 pitches instead of 3
good morning and good night. no afternoon
trump says he'll make a "major statement" on obama birther issue today:
why is this even news.he's going to lie like he always does and no one is going to hold him accountable
gonna text my crush "wanna fuck?" in ios 10 imessage invisible ink
"hey wanna fuck?? (sent with invisible ink)" uh oh!
i think that even though i keep my library on my external, itunes kept the library file on my computer in the itunes folder.
since i didn't think i was using that folder for anything, i deleted it.
can't wait to bartend and yell he's drunk! and there he goes!
typical night at stop
he "sees people" but that doesn't mean he hears them. "seeing" sounds pretty close to objectifying to me.
pretty much... the comment about people being "narrow minded" is very concerning
maybe shake a tambourine or when i sing you sing harmonies
this is for the lake that me and my friends swim in, naked and dumb on a drunken night
best buy is dead to me
i love best buy.
i wish we would vs unc, but we probably will vs wf or bc.
but unc would be great cause you know they gon come with the all white on.
hi sean, we are investigating currently. contact the trade desk at 866-839-1100 if you need help placing a trade. ^pp
this happens too much.
not a lot since i am only here in the adks visiting for the summer. but i paddle every day somewhere.
oh no i have been coming up here for years. 1st time to spend the entire summer/fall however.
is a cyber bully so never ever buy from this kid
this kid disrespected my friend and told him to hurry the banner up
who is your favorite nut case?
sye ten bruggencate
dude please please please do this and let me know when you are on hold
i am going to call the moment i hear the drums
we're switching to iwireless; verizon doesn't have the best service at our house (better than sprint). iwireless is lte there
and except for dbq to dyersville is lte all the way to minneapolis (and we make that trip a lot)
he "sees people" but that doesn't mean he hears them. "seeing" sounds pretty close to objectifying to me.
it's like you're probably in italy for 10 months of the year unit you have to do fashion week stuff
"donald trump is unfit to be president of the united states." -
and u are u sick lying bitch i think not
i'm planning on doing balcony 2nite bc dg pits suck but if i hear bottomless pit live i'm gonna jump off
no....hunny....don't do tht
they made the playoffs so they're disqualified based on those parameters - though it was ugly of course
right. so if it had happened in 2011, where would it rank? if you don't mind me asking. thanks.
yes, i believe it has to be there. whoops.
now that i know, i can make sure to back that up occasionally too.
so cris told everyone he punked me......now i'm beating his ass on sight
why can't we all get along
my results are the only data points that matter to the formation of my current selfish opinion, yes
if only you just werent so booty
you mean like all the "beautiful" stories in europe?
you only hear about the bad ones i guess. and now tell me, what threat is this person to you?
i have a machine that turns me into stephon urkell's suave white friend "luscious miesel"
jimmy fallon steps into the stephon urkell machine. he emerges as ben carson's glasses
dam pa you got it like that
nah just been slaving my all my life lol
shoulda moved to the hood got into the city in 18 mins
you have no idea how jealous i am of your commute
david brooks claiming "many schools no longer teach american history" is so mindblowingly stupid i think it gave me a headache.
it's an editorial but like shit man, you going to try and back that insane statement up at all? no? cool.
prison? for what crime, specifically?
get real. think i have all day to make out a list
i play mainly mortal kombat and call of duty. i love rpgs and fighting games. i honestly didnt like fps but i love them now lol
i feel like i've been waiting for a fighting game to bring me back, i used to be into soul cal and doa. i just got tekken tag
$myec look what i found...
$myec hod just getting started!
edward snowden says he'll vote in the u.s. presidential election
why does he think he's a factor?
he "sees people" but that doesn't mean he hears them. "seeing" sounds pretty close to objectifying to me.
he would know people aren't being narrow minded, they're opening up their minds to the wide array of issues
i'm going to have to keep that in mind because i can't keep up.
yeah try it a few times. it should help
"we're going to invest in communities that have been left out and left behind." -
really, what have you been doing the last 8 years? you've promoted non of this
. members have supported 11m girls and women through empowerment initiatives.
why no is helping the poor worldwide
you can love this country, and believe in its greatness while also demanding more. that's how reform happens.
this is just ignorant. he misses the point of the protest entirely.
error: please try again. rt : them toms so long they some thomas'
wow how i'm gonna live out my dream as a superstar comedian if this is the feedback i'm getting ?
so it's settled . we're going!? lol
cause the last one was comedy
i find out everything w out even trying lol
it be like that only in ny though
you're parsing words. she many not have "founded" the theory but she sure as hell exploited it
and it's always good to revisit this to understand the context:
exactly, and their white is clean.
true. they all white with the blue is pretty fye.
so cool, talking to the amazing on live in less than 5 min. talking all things &amp; - the usual.
wow gonna kill it can't wait!
so annoyed. had an uber driver, she texted to see where i was going, then cancelled. now i'm late for my dentist appointment.
i'm pretty sheetlet can't do that, right?
i play mainly mortal kombat and call of duty. i love rpgs and fighting games. i honestly didnt like fps but i love them now lol
this is awesome! a true variety gamer - i've got no rpg experience at all.
icymi last night. i started posting the megaman scans.
fox news forgot to remind us. i hope the daily news does today.
remember the good days. leave the bad ones at their moment in time. you're already finished with them.
*reaches into bag of positivity* um, i am going to have so much room for the future when i leave my emotional baggage behind!
welcome to hell.....
your posts have been very pessimistic and doom and gloom lately lol
not at all brother
bet if you say na then na
imagine phil doing this to a developer on a game his team heavily marketed and showed off?
such poor character. this is the guy that leads sony. says allot about the direction of the company right there.
october 15th concert at the barclays center for a collaborative with tidal and the robin hood foundation !
can we buy tickets?
tgif! now he's a barista!
and have a great day everyone
if bernie is not on the ballot, i will vote for trump or stein. not sure yet.
vote trump - end the corruption in d.c. !!
i am so mad because i was supposed to go to rosarito this weekend and my sister left last night and she didn't take me because she didn't
want me to miss school
hi gz and all gday:)\m/
happy friday ay
absolutely not. rt : them toms so long they some thomas'
aye man, i feel like this it
when i have literally less than 4hrs to myself each day i'm not going to waste 30-50min fucking shaving. no thanks!
whoa, it takes you that long to shave? i spend less than 3 minutes on my legs.
i just found out i have to run the mile today, but like why didn't anybody tell me
i literally walked the whole thing
my only minor beef with pre-avengers was the final battles we're too short. post i'm spoiled now. how will they top this???
infinity war with 66 heroes on screen, that's how.
which is what has had me fuming since the war began, identifying an entire religion as evil,not fanatics.
i think most true christian/muslims practicing their faith do not believe in the violence espoused by fanatics.
little miss flint met both trump and obama this year.
there are no words to describe how disturbing the picture with trump looks
rivera on the french riviera! visiting monaco and monte carlo!
is that a patriots hat in your right hand?
u gotta be a lil bit more creative
damn son you right
is there a long line for customers with reservations?
it's not long but it's not moving.
have you tried it? my only memories of gefilte fish is struggling some down during passover dinner
also i deleted the tweet, lol, cause i was like eh not sure if my followers know wut this is.
a ya writer is being photoshopped into nazi ovens and ya'll are mighty quiet.
i don't see??? what
how do u turn your back on thousands of paying customers for the 10 to 15 people that show up at the lv meetings?
it's o.k mark davis is going to have a rude awaking when the nfl says no to las vegas.
in place of the headphone jack, has inserted a nugget of pure evil.
well something has to power the phone. its lasts an extra 2 hrs. that shit aint free werner.
latest news: hilldog dying??? sources say she blinked out morse code slowly though her press conference which said "m a c k l e m o r e."
quality shitpost 11/10
trying to get work done when you've got a cat
fortunately mine only does it while i'm asleep. but i still have to edit everything in the morning.
if you get on i hope it makes the air cuz you know he's gonna hang up on you and call you a fool lmfao
i'm pissed off enough from last night to waste my time and make an ass of myself today. comic relief
there is a racist wanker sitting in front of me on this train. am wondering about confronting him in my poshest haughtiest voice :(
anyone spouting openly is probably pretty dangerous. just be careful, you aren't likely to change his/her mind.
"everything you want to be as a human being is now held in suspension" -stephen daldry
^on living in a refugee camp
threat level midnight
"that's how you do the scarn"
i'm still upset about the the night of finale
lol i just found out i've had hbo this whole time. i'll catch up this weekend.
you'll have to go pretty far before you find a thread that begins this innocuously before ending this dramatically.
cannibalising and 's numbers here. sorry chaps.
the lie tree by ; bone gap by and goblin market by christina rosetti. such a beautiful, beautiful toaster!
surely you're not going to leave us hanging without a picture, are you?
but using this os is making me want to not own a smartphone (sent with lasers)
you're switching to android?
"my instinct was to push through it. that is what women do every single day." - on being sick with pneumonia
yea except for the fact you are lying and the little problem of being "unconscious"
we trying to do for that friday
it's so fuckin lit !
crazy how blind some people can be
i know it's a really sad disability :/
this is a disgrace. the dapl is vile theft, both from the standing rock sioux and everyone's future.
how incredibly sad. i know some union carpenters who are sending supplies to the protest - i hope afl hears it from members.
important game for the o's tonight. need jimenez to keep the hot streak going v archer. o's can't lose and risk falling further behind 'sox.
apparently, there will always be a gallardo and a miley to disrupt any sort of momentum. that is unfortunate.
yes! i'm fucking down! shit will be dope, is dany moving out to camp lej with you
when i come back from deployment she is. doesn't really make sense to have her live out there with me for only 3 months haha
they've done this 10 times and they weren't ready?
apparently not. i wonder if it's worse due to the upgrade program - we *have* to pick up in person
two camping trips in one year. that's two more than any previous year. first with and now with i must've lost a bet
be strong you can get through this
the fact you are holding a press conference on the "birther" issue just proves you're a racist pos
but wait, how much are you paying your hotel to host this this campaign donations? ah, yes. make that money... fraud.
who the fuck was i in 2011????
amazing, what happened? 2k11 fran about to be my besfran
we trying to do for that friday
costume themed ?
happy friday wonder woman
thank you
sorry what how did i not know this
when you meet her, you should show her and you'll see she's gonna remember
laura silverman on her jimmy fallon tweet
oh - she privated her account. i just friend-requested her so i can get my report on
a guide to help "prepare ourselves &amp; our families for life w/out power"
thought about installing natural gas powered whole house generator.then reasoned it may just make house most desirable to mobs
the channel caters to liberal audiences for profit-driven reasons.
dude. i'm liberal. i can barely watch hayes the rest are team dem or corporate sell out. mhp ain't there.
watch this then think about what you would do if you were .
. trump is not special. he can release his but he won't. hrc released years.
for size of nongroup market, see industry filings via mark farrah:
so, we're at maybe 20.5/27m. with your help, updated this:
can't fight the future
dealing with bullshit since 1999!
perhaps matt, but the media remain a pack of vile vermin.
i'm not vile
i hope you get on cuz that would be absolutely priceless. you should set it up w a junior-esque preamble
nah i'm gonna get right to it. it's a football friday with all da trimmings
reports on why birther issue matters. here are facts abt trump role.
hillary proped up.by mefia
oh just by winning percentage drop and assuming they'd missed the playoffs? i believe top 5 according to this spreadsheet.
figured. thanks. it was certainly the most horrific sports event in my life
report: trump today will 'likely' admit - himself - that obama was born in the us | mediaite
and then will say it's sarcasm
you're like a 4 day old bodega roll w/o the bacon egg and cheese and mad hard
love that native new yorker poetic voice
"i was pretty confident about where i was born. i think most people were, as well," obama says
trump-the-schlockteaser. how cocky! as usual,publicity stunt.
"make no mistake - you are the change makers, the path breakers, &amp; the ground shakers." - at the black women's agenda event
wow, that's a really good policy, what does it mean, i'll tell you "i need your vote"
lol please don't touch my arm, just ask to see my tattoos
tbt to the guy who grabbed my thigh at work to see my tattoo, and i kicked him out of the store
slots closed
how's it lookin?
youre right why bother, it's just an accusation.2bad cosby didn't have begala &amp; carville do his dirty work. say hi 2 woody
you're yelling at wind but offering no answers. hard to take u seriously. it's an accusation. when it's a conviction, call me.
isn't it odd the liberals love a man that said 'our laws are below sharia law
george washington never said that!
being a girl is so great i had 8 shots tn only paid for 1 and finessed the other 7
lmao gurrrrl why you even paying for one. pretty girls deserve it all
download express scribe and use hotkeys for playback so you don't have to toggle windows?
honestly, before the next feature on ticc, me and should do some hard research on transcribing technology.
corey feldman with the worst/most bizarre performance in today show history
seriously! wtf was up with that? and why is he dressing like a vampire?
are there new nexus coming out soon or should i buy a one plus 3 today?
oneplus 3 fly af. leaks aren't looking too kind for the nexus, may pixel phones.
it's 2016 and still can't shake off the birther question of whether he was born in the united states.
the only one bringing it up is d hrc team trying to play race card against trump
you owe me the fade smh rt : concon trash. fuck what you think.
my location on fam
you're sorry for making him feel wistful? what the fuck, ?
not that every late night show needs to have a liberal bias, but wow, this interview is horrifying
seriously live stream of has been great. even the commercials - dare i say it - seem more enjoyable.
because the commercials are served up with a side of tweets!
was talking about how great his wedding is gonna be with us last night...
bitch all i said is my shit gone be on top of the water, it's not my fault everything i do is million dollar shit
youre right why bother, it's just an accusation.2bad cosby didn't have begala &amp; carville do his dirty work. say hi 2 woody
otherwise, go vote for trump if u like. i don't give a shit. i know what i'm doing.
as does that dumohole but they hide behind being the voice of race awareness &amp; they ain't bout jackbone
. not sure if that is accurate. i do think the issue may be asking to acknowledge one form of terror vs. another
"i will be focused on opportunities for kids and fairness for families." -
ohh, like you have the last 8 yrs
its colombian spanish
i kno that lol i'm just saying they used the same words but in a different context
pasha with the 1v4
in we trust
time. read this and you could win a code for : the collection on xbox one. good luck.
colombia for the coffee!
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
incorrect comma placement there, donny
poor arnab goswami! you spent 400 euros to chase me but couldn't get the videos you wanted, as your reporter found me working! (1/n)
hahahah, india's biggest problem today is arnab goswamy
just have to get work over with and its tu time at 's fiesta
everyone's going to try to get me fucked up today haha
could there have been a worse night for the yankees. losing like that, and ortiz passed mantle on all-time hr list. just a sad, sad night
a juiced, one dimensional player passing a crippled all-time great. welcome to modern day baseball.
how are amazon, samsung able to sell refurbished phones in india but apple was not?
the refurbish phone of apple end up on amazon : iphone 5s 250$
watch this then think about what you would do if you were .
. the american citizens &amp; voters deserve transparency, not excuses.
teach your followers the way, tara.
reposted! (with confidence)
my love is yours but your loves not mine
so i'll go but we know i'll see you down the line
i wish you well, and hope that you can have a better time of things.
and you as well, weirder. you are a shining beacon of light in a world sometimes full of darkness. a magic missile of hope.
seriously though japan is like the 2nd biggest market for magic. they havent catered to that audience... since kamigawa
how dare you forget anime jace and chandra
gm mitch. fabulous day to you all
good morning dear brooklyn!
. humiliated old crapped out bernie. hows your backside bernie?
media proped up candidate
because of his righteousness we have life. my friends spread his word. save a life.
that christ may dwell in your hearts through faith; that you, being rooted and grounded in love, ephesians 3:17
if i become as wise as you i might be able to go down to 200 followers
hope u know that got more marks than u in 8th std &amp; his mom puts more peanuts in upma than u do.obvi he's right
a guy was hitting on my best friend and she roasted him and now his best friend tried me to so i roasted him and that's what matters
we're horrible
just attention whoring. sometimes brooks is almost lucid...this isn't one of those times.
times published my comment "david nowhere do you mention slavery. why is that?" that was the whole thing.
i was referring to last season
yeah i know, i just meant 2014. i expected a first round exit like clockwork
if this story isn't the problem with dot, trottenberg and nyc's street policies in a nutshell, i don't know what is.
can't we all just relate to it though. [no, bc relying on free car parking in park slope is a fools errand]
bernie sanders on if trump is elected: "try to overcome my depression and figure out where we'll go from there."
how can you trust bernie after he slander hrc in the primary's now he worships her bad choice bad govrnment
"donald trump is unfit to be president of the united states." -
does hrc listen to herself....
rt if no one asked david tho
ny times and their reporter never experienced race hate! they need to dye their skin and study
wish i didn't nap after work today cause now i'll be up till 6am
might as well have some fun while you're up
got it where it counts.
thanks for reading! excited for your collab with ! love mark and jimmy!
what's her best friends name? like i don't know how i didn't know this omg
brian. that's her personal assistant too.
pay off national debt. us$ .02 ticket seriously. before quick pick!
here is an example. all over the internet.
i often show my progress from the very start (167lbs), but here's my progress from this year so far
not sure if you have written about it but i would love to how you are keeping at it :)
i'm so sad i really want to go to the voodoo fest in new orleans but i'm so brokeeeeeeeeee.
sameeeeeee, i was planning to go but it came up so quick
fusion tournament bracket for me currently. everyone here has pretty good times so anything can happen :p
i missed what happened to jrp, did he get omega'd again? :o
oh - she privated her account. i just friend-requested her so i can get my report on
(i mean i am sure she has more important self-care things to do than answering random friend requests but still)
i had fun highlighting some wonderful turns of phrase
thanks man! yeah, i tried to be fair and critique the system on its own terms, rather than just being like "venture capital is dumb."
us customs: "so you're a japan native?" me: "yes...i mean no!" us: "what's your name?" me: "keitar...rich..." us: "step to the side sir..."
now the sniffing dog is barking a lot at my bags....maybe i am a japan native...
kasich on voting for trump: 'very unlikely - too much water under the bridge' - via who cares
dont care about kasich. whiner, brat, disloyal, broke his word to rnc. is an hrc supporter
my feature on carlos mendes, who's scheduled to make his 100th appearance saturday. time flies!
your best work, and that's saying a lot. congrats my friend. this is a beaut.
starting a dating service to connect people who are completely wrong for each other because i specialize in it
check in to a dating show too. those are popular
good morning
fuckin mint
we are looking for middle developer (remote) to be responsible for front-end development. send your cv to hr.com
hi, sent you an email from leads.com please check it and revert back to us with your requirements.
do you think the donald has people take his pictures in the gym?
no. but have you ever seen a picture of tim in the gym?
owners already said its a go, but you can keep dreamin.
when was the vote?
i hear the op3 has a bad screen tho
bad as in it's only 1080 or bad as in looks bad?
time. read this and you could win a code for : the collection on xbox one. good luck.
rapture, between big daddy, and the little sisters, too much mystery that pulls you in
i hear the op3 has a bad screen tho
they updated because of some early color reproduction problems but fixed a month or two ago. \_()_/
yep. further medicaid expansion would shrink the nongroup market in the best possible way.
...while income growth, if it continues, might partly offset the drain
my second article is up! i analyse the role of a goalkeeper in pep guardiola's tactical system.
keep them coming, this is great education. thank you!
did you not actually read the telegraph article you sent me? says an anonymous "supporter" started it
i understand you're in denial, but it did in fact start with the hillary camp.
ivanka is joining to outline an innovative new child care policy to support american families. tune in to watch live at 7pm
please join the donald
know i'm n minority, not only do i think they're bad mojo, think they're ugly too... not team either tho lol
interesting. i think they're pretty nice and yes i do agree they are cursed. just only vs boston college though.
character flaws: something about email got sick and didn't admit if for a few days vs: racist idiot discuss.
we don't like to discuss women's health in the us.
i feel like i need a "signature pose" on insta. indy suggestions? nothing too douchey or kim k-ish.
no peace signs pls
yeah i'm at school lol it's okay tho i have small boobs
omg that's actually my biggest nightmare
give it time, in a year niggas gonna look back and say that was actually fire
lmfaooooooo
this ya mans?
i meaan not my mans mans, but he cool lol
the fact you are holding a press conference on the "birther" issue just proves you're a racist pos
also, you should all be ashamed of yourself for allowing this racist bullshit to go down.
shu launches on playstation 4 and ps vita (video)
what does shu stand for ?
give it time, in a year niggas gonna look back and say that was actually fire
"just wait on it"
time. read this and you could win a code for : the collection on xbox one. good luck.
rapture because of the lack of snow
fuel up for the weekend.
isn't that an air conditioning hose, not a fuel hose?
unreal! for the past hour has pushed the conspiracy to smear
she started this crap in 08 and it's trumps fault
did you not actually read the telegraph article you sent me? says an anonymous "supporter" started it
i understand you're in denial, but it did in fact start with the hillary camp.
that's probably about right, but from census &amp; cf, it may be as high as 30m. they tried to account
put farrah current enroll and kaiser potential together and already at 75%. but maybe wrong 75%.
shhhhhhhhhhhhh if i read one more iphone 7 tweet from you ....
what? do what you gotta do! i ain't scared
rt if no one asked david tho
ny times doesn't report the violence in washington heights, brownsville, east new york.
tim goes to the gym?
he doesn't eat lunch. he goes everyday dressed as a painter
fuckin love you...wish i didn't come...already confused
it's fine i failed the practice quiz
hillary ends press conference early to fight off cough
this is becoming the norm for her
shot on iphone 7 plus. last two are with 1x optical zoom.
huh, kinda low quality and fuzzy (said the jealous man with an antique iphone 6)
this is 7. the new iphone 7 and 7 plus. get yours now.
no available apple watch 2
thanks to our friends at , here's a new video of us singing "jolene" w/ !
oh my god!!!! my song!! you guys are so perfect
trump must use some really great glue.
spends a lot of money on those hair extensions
every person opinions is based on their own personal experience or lack there of .
i think you onto something...
the only foods i ever get when orders our groceries is greens, frozen pizza and eggs. what kind of life am i living? really
i should also mention that if it weren't for , i might only be surviving on tap water and airplane snacks. you da best, g
he doesn't speak english!!
he probably has a great translator! :d
unreal! for the past hour has pushed the conspiracy to smear
this s is disgusting
yes, i've been using the highest figure i can justify, to get upper bound on necessary growth.
...replace some 100-138% with higher income...
donald trump calls reporter who grilled ivanka "non-intelligent"
is that a word?
who cares about trump campaign, we want to see him say it . he's a racist lying con man
sadly still more honest than former lady secretary
going out this weekend? we've got you covered. here's a code from bud for a ride home.
no thank you!! don't trust illegal uber or lyft!! only yellow/ green nyc cab !
the gameweek 5 deadline is in three hours don't get caught out...
lad help me. nolito or de bruyne?
here's that prometheus deleted scene . wish they left it in.
i find it weird how far along the cgi is. i mean it's practically done. wonder why they canned it
donald trump was the birther-in-chief. he is still the birther-in-chief.
correction: and are.
but the point that density is achievable without high rises is very important and small devs need to be allowed.
just saying it's not some newfangled thing &amp; 2x is trivial. paris is also 14x as dense as boulder w/o high rises.
truly amazed that w/additional days 2 think &amp; plan, hillary is still one-note johnna. is that all she's got? "go to her website for issues"?
that's all she has
nothing to see here. it's just another paid supporter.
proped up by media
any journalist who covers trump's racist birtherism as he said/she said story should resign immediately. no time for false equivalence
maybe the press should just boycott an announcement from him for a change. just not cover his ass for a chng
we love this slide from showing the aging populations across the globe.
what's with the stereotype icons? all japanese work in rice paddies and all americans are cowboys?
personally i think that's stupid af then!! i love when openers are actually killin it and doin good
an opener will never get a gig again if he tries to go harder than the opener..
trump says he'll make a "major statement" on obama birther issue today:
anything for a photo-op
maybe it has something to do with the color of my skin.
the color of your skin makes up one of millions of characteristics that make humans beings complex.
i got my playset of anime chandra! i cant believe there hasnt been a supplemental anime product, like ftv: anime
kamigawa masterpieces: anime bullshit, a 54 card subset. moe noble hierarch moe stoneforge mystic ...and more!
we have a video tour of the japanese game preservation society here, from the untold history of japanese game devs
joseph looks very different than i'd imagined
don't forget in primary she called republicans the enemy/traitors
that she did
heres what occurs when you wrap your teeth in aluminum foil
that aluminum tin foil on teeth looks uncomfortably painful!
little big news. 1. i quit my job . 2. i got a new job . 3. i still can't get anyone to publish my book . all in all, im doin ok....ish
something tells me its gonna be a beef lo-mein and tequila sorta night.
good ones leave us young . i adore alice cooper too
young doro pesch
time. read this and you could win a code for : the collection on xbox one. good luck.
because it is so visually beautiful. and i loved the history behind it.
yes. absolutely. all who died. all who die in ongoing war of ideals. how about who we might call love?
i see your point and appreciate it but love is a concept and feeling not a god
hahaha do you? what's on it
those listed songs plus "booty me down" "trampoline booty" +others
trump didn't start , it was michelle. trump just took her word. she can't be wrong...or is she racist?
good pointvto bring forward
coincidence? about past the 1 year mark? wife's watch battery seems to be failing too.
i bought mine on the first day, so maybe. it's at 100% this morning, hopefully that was just a missed charge.
heard the same thing from my friend who works above the apple 5th ave. store.
good to know! i was shocked by this line
my bedroom this morning. castle pass on the pct. a short dirt road off of i-80 meets the trail here.
now back to babylon.
kinda over my liquid foundation... i wanna try something new but i don't want something with spf b/c of flashback &amp; i want a dewy finish
any recommendations??
again, rumor not proven to come from clinton or her campaign. also see
so if you say, rumor not proven, why bother arguing it? are you privy to some information the rest of america isn't?
i'm not a crazy person so didn't flip out... but what now? they took my name and number and said they'd call me.
troubling. harkening back to the early days of iphone but this is worse because expectations were explicitly set and missed.
this is why fell below msnbc. network of bathhouse club members it is
obama on his way out. what difference does it make??? don't care what planet he was born on.
we'll see how many other djs do it now. just send out father's day card in the mail before hand. hahaha
lmao that's jokes because i'm from queens it's like a must to spin that only right lol
time. read this and you could win a code for : the collection on xbox one. good luck.
i would choose rapture. watching the sea life while living in the ocean would be surreal!
to the love of redheads
i fucking love a hot redhead!
watch msnbc in 2011: saying hillary clinton started the birther movement.
now they prop her up
anyone in need of some graphic work, or logos...i got time, limited time only
send me your email
so we're no longer jimmy fallon fans cause he interviewed trump?
he can interview whoever, his questions are very soft though. does this to all his guest.
and you as well, weirder. you are a shining beacon of light in a world sometimes full of darkness. a magic missile of hope.
some may think magic missiles of hope cast into the darkness are futile. but once in awhile they hit someone and brighten all.
shoutout to the former boss. yass!!
- watched on he pushed our agenda 2 where it should b-hope he can get his kids 2 get out &amp; vote 4 h
yes, i'm going to check out goblin cock tonight. don't know much about them.
weird name never heard of them i don't think
in weird way it's beneficial that racist people share on a public platform if the job goes to equally qualified non racist person
ideally they wouldn't be so narrow minded... but at least they are publicly documenting their stupidity for all to see.
when you weren't there.
dude just stop please show us the link where it states that the owner already approved the move
yeah and stop putting these thots all over your snap, so fucking tired
i like when you talk to me like that baby
honored to speak @ taxpayers against fraud conference last night. here w/whistleblower of year, david kester.
speaking of fraud, when will you indict ?
level of tired: i just put mascara on my eyebrow
part two: i showed up to school at 8am today.....i don't have class on fridays
just love garnet &amp; gold, don't really care for all whites or all garnet either, but at least those aren't cursed by a gypsy
my favorite alternate is white top garnet pants.
i got one the second i got to respectables bc i couldn't wait any longer
i feel you on that
i find it weird how far along the cgi is. i mean it's practically done. wonder why they canned it
damn. it actually makes more sense why he was curled up too--to hide his lengthened limbs
ugh yes!! you can copy my notes &amp; study guide too
sweet. or you can text me pictures of your notes and i'll copy them that way
it's a little weird when the phone is completely off as it does nothing. nice unlocking as there's no more "push"
so it's definitely going to take time to get used to it.
the democratic nominee is sending old folks to ohio to tell scary stories about voting for . politics of fear is all she has.
the old two parties are nothing more than fear this fear that fear him fear her not much about important things
in the disney version? glenn close voiced his ape-mum, minnie driver voiced jane.
no no, glenn close is over-dubbing andie.
yes &amp; know all the words
i pledge allegiance
someone running for president of our great country is going to address an idiotic issue, with veterans to promote a hotel?
trump-the-schlockteaser! how cockyotic!
omg i loved soulcalibur that game gave me life lol. i hate they stopped making it. that was my favorite fighting game including mk
definitely my favorite as well. great story, great characters - endless hours of screaming and laughter. :d
was talking about how great his wedding is gonna be with us last night...
and may i add you were drinking by yourself hunched over in your room last night soooooo
popup park at work today
caught mid-photographer's lunge
help! can anyone think of some type-driven picture book covers?
the book w no pictures
on your way home you can stop in st lou and get a mini pig and a delicious sammich.
just don't make my mini pig into a delicious sammich
trump has been in the building for at least 15 mins, but still not at podium. getting a pep talk?
well there's a live feed elsewhere so we don't have to assume.
blocked in the uk
yeah my bad, i used a song that was copyrighted at the end of the video... sorry dude.
&amp; will out! accidentally lets truth slip about hillary's 'supporters' during broadcast
hes the media village idiot. he&amp;biden must be buddies like dumb&amp;dumber
since ios 10 update, i wake up to negative news about daily. speaking of o.
obozo was not born here! the truth will come out soon
you're answer
other la fan who's ass hurt
new video: unboxing. you've all seen the black, but what's rose gold like? rt!
waiting vs samsung test .
let's take a look at the live chat while we wait for trump's event to start...
that's a lot of...wow
i had no idea there was a tag this is pretty neat
maybe there wasn't an actual but it was a trending topic and you dominated.
hm, that is really interesting. it very few people who actually hates music itself, so he rarely listen to music?
just disinterested in mainstream music. perhaps he likes classical but nothing under modern label control anyways
when i saw wanted to say: "you are the coolest, i have an overwhelming urge to hug u" played it cool: "ur talk was really good"
that's usually how i play it too
the game accuses meek mill of being a snitch, threatens to beat him up.
the day of game continues with his meek mill diss song "92 bars"
when are we painting your room
lmao i hate you. pink is not that. but we should do it... painting &amp; drinks
trump was 63 minutes late to his own press conference.
but those were good minutes. let me tell you how good they were: you have no idea.
don't ever say "well it can't get any worse"
what about "i got a bad feeling about this"? that's still kosher, right?
appreciation day for this beautiful girl!
yes the best for last
this painting is in trump's campaign hq via
. amazing. putin has the same one with small variations hanging in his office. uncanny.
good to know! i was shocked by this line
they've been getting ppl out of line all night in sf, making them reservations instead.
watch live: donald trump speaks at washington, dc, campaign event
nothing to watch here, this guy is a joke.
the owners are sick of that dirt coliseum that don't vegetate money. they want team in vegas bad.
ricky bobby is this other fake account you have
the new is better, faster &amp; more powerful, but , is it powered by ?
like tim cook gives a damn?
the brazil and china ones are good
the brazil one is ok. had a lil bit of the greek tzatsiki one (could be better) and haven't had the chinese one. this owns tho
oh look! and some major free press for his new hotel. lol please!
i must've missed this one but who is opening a new hotel.... you're too funny girl
if trump holds conference abt pbo bc &amp; blames hrc &amp; press stays silent they have abdicated their responsibility as press in a democracy 1/2
and are nothing more than stenographers for propaganda no different than pravda under ussr
maybe trump will actually announce that he is dissolving the massive conflict of interest that is the trump organization
except there isn't one... there's a live feed. blahaha!
there was a antitrust suit in the eyeglass industry in 1940. fdr broke the power of eyeglass companies to gouge.
eye gouging. ow.
any journalist who covers trump's racist birtherism as he said/she said story should resign immediately. no time for false equivalence
how about avoid evrythng in person 1 day &amp; let loose all the lies w/truth compared called out for what it is
hat i did 4 fred his
created presentcircumstance
can't wait to see you guys later
awesome! see you tonight gaby!
i thought you feed a child when they are hungry or changed when they were dirty. sometimes it's 10 min bwhaha
honestly i have no clue i'm not a mom
psalm 15:2 he who walks with integrity, and works righteousness, and speaks truth in his heart
blessed is the man who walks not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor stands in the path of sinners, psalm 1:1a
nice pr puff piece they haven't had a &gt;20% chance of making the playoffs since may.
thanks for reading!
round them all up. they're dirty corrupt us hating globalists traitors. the us needs an enema!
exactly right! couldn't agree more
some may think magic missiles of hope cast into the darkness are futile. but once in awhile they hit someone and brighten all.
your abilities and magic are something few openly appreciate or understand. but everyone benefits from them.
you're allowed your, admittedly wrong, opinion.
ya'll are both wrong - mandarin orange is superior.
waitin to hear new drama like
wait until i come over to talk about the new boss.....
they're accepted but i'm fem so i can't pass myself as one and versatile too
jusy pretend to be a bottom then flip it on them after y'all start fucking lol
my favorite songs on usher's 1. tell me 2. bump 3. fwm 4. missin u 5. rivals
your tweets had me bumping his album last night
gm gday all
my brother waz up hey all
all whites look bad to me, maybe, bc u don't sweat or get dirty evenly, so by 2q, it looks like two diff whites on everyone
true and the gold helmet doesn't match. we really need a white helmet.
thanks great article long island love ya
thank you for bringing wrestling back to li! pumped for tonight! hope to meet and shake your hand
obama: "i was pretty confident about where i was born. i think most people were as well."
obama is not the 1st black president! obama is a mix! obama mother is white, his father left him &amp; his white mom raise him!
i commend our officers for their bravery tonight in the incident near penn station. keep them in your thoughts as they recover.
1st question by reporter after shots fired @ man attacking cop with meat clever, "was that many shots necessary", how stupid
i agree with you on andy fuck him
lol!!! yes...hard
from yesterday: some 49ers grumbling about colin kaepernick taking spotlight
: congratulations. you've unlocked dilfer status. your reward. another tip from an "unnamed source " (baalke).
have you seen this check out 's tweet:
ooh that's awesome! thank you!
may i add that u vaped last night?
was with someone who was vaping
i love my grandson. he lives in ny. don't see him a lot.
awww--where in ny is he-are you coming here soon
great podcast. looking forward to the new season
love those guys.
what happened? i'm starting to get worried!
going back to writing as a part of the new gender team.
i'll be at the at with on saturday, 9/24!
oh y'all ain't ready! hopping pirasaurs!!
for an experienced / to create a stunning website for my business! stake involved! direct message me
we have close to 20 years of experience in building websites, web applications &amp; mobile applications!
my friend who's a 5th grade teacher just sent this to me! i'm dead!!!
hi denny! i'm writing about this list for an article, do you know if this was for a class assignment?
using fear and uncertainty, nazi party achieved huge gains after econ uncertainty of 1929 crash.
us economy is in great shape except for whining coal miners. go make some meth like rest appalachia.
when was transition from twitter bigamy to polygamy?
they say it's a logical progression.
boy shut up
revis been thrown at 9 times for 169 yards and 1td
old masters? cubists? surrealists? nah. clearly a devotee of the saddam hussein school of art.
portrait of dear leader we will all need to display in our homes
so i've been told. i will get my caffeine fix through other sources, and you can have all the coffee.
. moar coffee pleez!
just name two.
don't be an ass , you know better than i. my favs are benghazi, treason and obstruction of justice
already got one but i need some kind of portable mechanism for when i'm outside cos that's when it gets 2real
*hire attendant to follow you around with portable sun lamp
i've got a rare story for you
can't wait to meet you.
senator paul ryan congratulates trump on a successful campaign thus far...just kiddinghe wants trump to release his taxes.
paul ryan is a snake!!
this show made history by using hijabs in every look
what are they all brides? really!
i asked if owes him an apology -- he did not answer.
looks like bloomberg was in the room, could you say why please?
i built an entire ikea bookshelf by myself today. don't even need to go to college anymore i've mastered all i need to know for life.
you're welcome for giving you this opportunity
when asked about 's remarks on whether he was born in the us, says he's shocked/not shocked.
exactly another stunt to display hotel and distract from news
as opposed to you, who seems not at all rude.
hang in there julie ur obviously a tough woman,seen ur interview,this immunity crap is a joke,,no1should have that muchpower
and you sk8 now in that profile pic?!
i'm trying and failing
owners already said its a go, but you can keep dreamin.
the vote is in jan?!?
donald trump is using these medal of honor winners to promote his hotel and the msm is letting this happen. what the fuck is this?!
this last month has literally been the death of media. i've never seen such blatant idiocy
you're sorry for making him feel wistful? what the fuck, ?
lol this is horrifying
given the evidence she was presented and what was expected of her as freshman senator from ny, i can understand her choice
imo it's more deplorable than bernie takes credit for the anti-iraq war senate movement started by the late paul wellstone
looking for a database developer. contact form in the website or dm.
submit your details here:
some may think magic missiles of hope cast into the darkness are futile. but once in awhile they hit someone and brighten all.
your abilities and magic are something few openly appreciate or understand. but everyone benefits from them. carry on weirder.
let us see what happens. cm, under law can't do that.
it is just drama, cm is fully onboard with the arrest
how the f-ck can mosquitoes bite me through my pants? this is some next level evil shit.
yeah they felt particularly vindictive on my trip down there this summer. through clothes, on my damn face...
you didn't highlight the straightening of hair is white culture part when a black woman invented the hot comb. trash
there's too much to highlight lol.
wouldn't know the truth if she fell over it. oh wait, maybe that is why she falls so often!
she is proped up by media
. says "i'm not that shocked" that the birther issue was brought up again
- most of tv stations are in the bag for hillary. lies and bullshit about -
great question! if yes, my next question would be, "what can we do to keep them engaged &amp; onsite?"
def. keeping readers onsite and engaged is key. we're working on ways to help with that.
being at this apple store today has me reevaluating my life choices, honestly.
this just doesn't feel good or exciting like it used to.
man if i was chopping bikes like tony crust i wouldn't put plates on my van either. seems odd
may want to start including coordinates.
hotdogs with good sauerkraut and a hearty, brown mustard.
best i can instantly think of is rutt's hut mustard but their kraut is out of a jar.
you suckers. he spent 5 minutes talking about his hotel. be ashamed, cable news.
sao much for his bs blind trust
i'm still going to minecon anyways even if they you can't meet your favorite youtubers :/
ignore they "they" typo
i guess my tweet was unclear. i meant as far as the things that are important to me, how i live life, etc
i wonder how much of the changes we think are huge are not, and how much we actually change to others
nah this really the best video on the internet right now.
def needed to tag you in this
don't know why devin has his "send read receipts" on. that is going to get him in trouble one day lol
they're only on for you babe lol. so obviously it's not
my new album "mainstream american comic" is now available on itunes ( and amazon (
"happy independence day, mom." "thanks, son. i lost my independence 35 years ago."
i fuck with woods, but ain't nothing like a dutch.
i was on that stage where all i smoked was dutches. but nothing like a good wood
i fucking hate when the teacher teaches 2+2=4 and the homework is 5x-7y/1.397^98 = -34x + 759x^2 x 1,000,000
lmao my calc teacher put a trick question on the hw and the answer was zero
"a celebration of the ways faith can transcend any differences or boundaries and unite us" - on eid al-adha
me president have u ever read the koran. did u see where time after time mohammad speaks of killing if u do not lean to allah
excellent pt. mr grant. however we have seen some trump-style premium bio acquisitions recently. "really yuuuuuge."
the best premiums.
hyped about the one with you not on the cover
lmaoooo that bitch has me blocked
i'm still going to minecon anyways even if they you can't meet your favorite youtubers :/
ignore the "they" was a typo
"there are people who stop in a bike lane to let someone off," says mayor. "different matter than someone who double-parks and leaves a car.
thanks . you refuse to tix. why can't i? this morning 9th st bk
this fucking idiot almost slammed me with her big ass suv at a 4 way stop the bitch was on her phone she didn't see that i was turning left
and yes, i had my fucking left signal on and she started to fucking go when i was already midway in my turn like wtf
oh damn, i bet fallon and the btk killer could have some real high-quality chuckles on the tonight show
"ya-ya know what's more scary than being strangled to death?" "uh no jimmy" "snapchat filters!!!!"
t-minus 6 hours til the eclipse. how ya feeling? what are you releasing?
releasing the toxic energy, releasing the fear of the unknown, releasing my inability to love myself. i feel tired.. and ready.
we did that in the 2nd ever episode...did not go well lol
i'll have to check that out
i'm in an improv show on october 1st at 5:30pm. there will be...
so awesome, ! you got this. let us know how it goes!!
matt johnson covers a feature on sony a7sii that i think would solve this prob. at marker 36:05 ish
thank y!! but tried that already didn't work i think im screwed
i wanted to but idk
it's luke you definitely should!!
forever upset that ellen and patrick aren't friends anymore.
don't do this to me i am not stable enough to hear this
get your bikes ready, bike trail in is now open!
-supporting healthier lifestyles for communities.
your abilities and magic are something few openly appreciate or understand. but everyone benefits from them. carry on weirder.
*disappears back into the shadows from whence it came* is late and time doth not wait, i must go drink and swallow reality now
lmaoooo exactly what i was thinking.
well my muslim friend explain to me it's like sin line you could go under or above
leveraging five years of birtherism into a branding opportunity for his hotel.
and the press covers it.where is the news? we all know where was born and we all know who is
apple covers for a year! i'm bringing mine in today because it's 6 months old and acting up too!
oh good! this happened to my 5s too.... thinks they're slick
got my shoulder taped
that whale top is amazing
yay! yeah, i haven't watched for at least a season, but i need something mindless, so.
ugh ok the annoying guy is really nice to people. dammit.
this just doesn't feel good or exciting like it used to.
at least 5 times i've considered just leaving before completing my appointment.
we have the check stubs to different accounts.
birth certificate is real, he is a fake.
at this point that's totally legit.
his lies just keep going in checked. people really believe him. and then...ugh
the iphone 7 has a random piece of plastic where the headphone jack was
that's acoustic medium density plastic. incredible engineering.
breitbart ? wapo officially denied this, will find it for you. but really you should be able to do it yourself
i sense sarcasm........take it easy, anger ages you
today: join as she fires up young volunteers all over !
btw-thank u 4 your work energizing young supporters,gopw/all the power will reverse all progress
. "i think this was a self-inflicted wound by ."
- just a bump in the road , lets talk about the ambassadorships sold by hillary when she was at the state dept. !!!
. on media narratives-"when the public sees trump as more honest than clinton something has gone wrong."
in your warped word. we, the people, live in reality!
while a tv fool promotes his dc hotel, a real president is at work.
with republicans.
the trump is using this event to promote his new hotel. unbelievable
how much is he paying himself?
hope you don't have anywhere else to be today.
i had mine shipped. out for delivery today. without the painful lines.
another conspiracy theory. as usual you provide no concrete evidence!
. here's proof. trump converted $5k in donations to charity into $5k in free advertising for his business.
. says medal of honor winners 'have a lot more courage than i do."
and of must made them feel so special.
nice trade. where are you the weakest?
i've got sammy watkins so that could weaken my wr depth and flexing is an issue. got obj, watkins, hogan, floyd, &amp; marty bennett
is it bad if don't remember when the last time i balanced the checkbook was?
annnnnnd it was back in june
looks like you're storing emails in the documents directory and it's being backed up by icloud.
please can you move all that to either caches or use nsurlisexcludedfrombackupkey?
. "i think this was a self-inflicted wound by ."
- lets talk about the lies and deception for the past 8 yrs - talk about the $200 million from muslim countries !!
really? we're waiting for a breaking news announcement that trump believes the president of the united states is an american citizen!?
the sad part is that he got 4 or 5 stupid assed black mother f@&amp;$ers to stand by him while he did that crap
these people as president and first lady? repugs are ridiculous!
so tacky and classless.
my boss just randomly started singing niki fm while we were having a meeting this morning so that's where we're at today.
just imagine a normal conversation happening and in the middle of a sentence... "i'm outside of your window with my radio"
trial against former aig ceo politically motivated?
how come noone talks about goldman sachs getting 15 billion from aig bailout.. thievery
but what do you really think about trump?
when the republic burns, i want to be sure ppl know i did my best to prevent it.
"a celebration of the ways faith can transcend any differences or boundaries and unite us" - on eid al-adha
in the koran mr president mohammad says if a christian jew infidel does not lean to allah kill him many times
time. read this and you could win a code for : the collection on xbox one. good luck.
columbia because i'd rather not drown.
'the transwomen who say transwomen are not women' with and
good for her. courage.
the only people who heard were her big donors! did you hear them? what did she promise her big bank friends?
. i would like her to release them. i also believe should be released. his turn. no excuses.
also got a passport stamp
and to listen to ban ki moon speak
definitely but other factors (shape/initial) contributed
though surprisingly encountering tech folks unfamiliar with film
police hunt russian millionaire's daughter after she was filmed speeding in her lamborghini
this is not news smh.
i don't live in that area!
if you're ever up in our neck of the woods, we'd love to see ya!
as the weekend begins, my insider piece on spi projections for playoffs, byes, shield:
oh paul, you have given the and a false hope. that's just cruel...
so then i believe you have proved my point. a racist potus isn't as bad as you think it will be... fear mongering is real and...
lol you crack me up. a victim!?! i see you. you want the normalisation of racism because if successful it keeps your status
balanced breakfast! twitter party today 1pm et. rules ad
i love breakfast at lunchtime
cool i also noticed youre still in the street taking the pic haha
yeah, i had an appointment so i showed up last minute.
hmm. i worked at apple for most of 2012 and don't remember talking about an online personal setup. must've forgot \_()_/
didn't see that it was all online :/ personal setup was 2012. online personal setup came with apple watch in 2015.
the treatment of pows has changed over the course of american history
today is pow/mia day. talked with 1,000s of pows over past 73 yrs. not 1 has ever compared his/her misery to other pows.
yeah...you win. 'no more bets please'...she lied...
you have always been an amazing actress. i look up to you with the utmost respect. u definitely show badass in animal kingdom!
please have the guest follow and dm us for assistance. thank you. -cm
thanks i will have her do so.
to teaming up with at to make
u the man shaun!
they ship the individually? that seems absurd.
ya. phone from china. watch from california?
now trump's marketing spiel for his fucking tacky hotel.
i wonder how many contractors/suppliers he has stiffed for their services upon completion of this new tacky trump hotel
yeah i back like cook crack
you're still in va right?
. "i think this was a self-inflicted wound by ."
- lets talk about the laws she has broken over the past 2 yrs.. lying to congress, lying to the fbi - lying to us
what is the stupidest way to crowd fund?
automated church collection plate?
and that cutoff shirt lol
i'm workin on my sexxy... leave me alone you always trynna cyber bully me bro
both. conviction followed by reality.
true, it is karachi being sorted and then punjab next
aw, bro...you're not even trying.
i'll get to you after my hearty breakfast broitto and glass of broange juice
ever notice how a herd of third generation billionaire asshats aren't capable of a socially conscious idea?
why am i hearing it in andy rooney's voice? :-) it's sad there will be a 4th generation.
looking for a team of software developers, please contact me. rt for awareness.
we have close to 20 years of experience in building websites, web applications&amp;mobile applications!
yeah well i know when we're arguing you're going to leave me on read
you right haha stand by for that one
idk if that's even possible
dude it so is. stretching them felt like giving birth
masterminds are killer in this
i need those gonna cook em?
i just started crying thinking about christmas time thnx
this is what i live for
lol you crack me up. a victim!?! i see you. you want the normalisation of racism because if successful it keeps your status
quo in tact. i didn't even get into the fact that is a large part of the population who would be affected by the racism but
this weekend will be overwhelming. it's ok to take a step back. it's ok to breathe. (and, fyi, i brought chocolate if you need it).
chocolate?!?! yasss!!
for early risers.... ..... study hall awaits.
he was a fm for 2 days, w/ his twin.
so we can all agree that obama's birthplace &amp; eligibility to run for potus was questionable?
"patriots" w/so little faith in america to think not properly vetted.
everybody had an opinion on the durant move but i didn't hear a peep about this lil "can you hear me now" verizon dude sprint flip flop
can't believe his original contract didnt have a non compete in it
can you send me the number that called you as well as the number they told you to call them back at?
i went to the irs web site. the call back numbers the scammers leave all vary
not one of his 13,001 republican opponents called him out for it.
not a single shameless deplorable one
if he really felt different he would have personally apologized 2 bo &amp; then to americans
. trump only looks up to putin.
kaladesh feels thread (mostly new spoilers):
love how basic commons like this still show the flavor of kaladesh as an anthropocene world
watching selena
j-lo is bae in that movie
the owners are sick of that dirt coliseum that don't vegetate money. they want team in vegas bad.
ricky bobby has a new account dedicated to somebody's balls
mayor reiterates: no one should park in a bike lane. but: "enforcement we should leave to uniformed officers."
such bs. at least tlc lets us tix. thanks this was my morning on the 9th st bike lane in bk
i'm about as sexually appealing as an old gourd. ps i love you.
a sexy decorative gourd that ages well
q: why does the us believe metadata dragnets only work when people don't know they exist, but allies (eg uk) believes you can admit them?
it doesn't fit the "land of the free" narrative they've stitched together to keep us all controlled
nintendo badge arcade! it's free in the eshop! and you get free plays mostly everyday, or you can buy plays
ahh yes!! my friend told me to download this and i have! i still haven't played it yet but i shall check it out~ ty!!
my watch just shipped
woohoo. i'll have mine today. shipped from socal.
people who go all the way out of penn station to wait in line for a cab when just taking the subway or walking would be easier: why
armpit odor.
rose chic wine |
i need to try this! email me (sarah) at itsroseseason.com!
. "i think this was a self-inflicted wound by ."
- lets talk about her parkinsons , lets talk about the 4 yr old girl that was beheaded and made her mom hold her.
have fun! ~medx
thx marie! look forward to staying in touch virtually over the next few days..
he's always great on there. he made me question free will on a previous ymiw he did
will definitely go back and listen to his others. this was my first one. i loved his most recent special too
you two are hilarious!
we just don't want you to get a swell head now that you are a big fancy nba star
looking good on the shelves of maruzen!
woot! is that a belly band around the bottom out the real cover?
no way in hell this birtherism charade would be treated with so much nihilistic glee if most newsrooms weren't white as the driven snow
ain't that the truth
1. trump's campaign claims he was convinced obama was a u.s. citizen beginning in april 2011. this is a lie.
i put a bunch of his birther tweets into a moment:
quo in tact. i didn't even get into the fact that is a large part of the population who would be affected by the racism but
you wouldn't care. that's the crux of this.
love how basic commons like this still show the flavor of kaladesh as an anthropocene world
in kaladesh when you get arrested.... you lose your driver's license.
did this really happen lol
this is the 2nd time something like this happened. i'm still stepped to the side.
": found a video on how clean roshe runs in the washer. hope i don't ruin them" cc petch &gt;&gt; sneaker head tendency
lol i needed a faster way to get it done
every year i get at least 6 bridgewater state crime alert e-mails. wtf
hey sandy can you dm me? i work for and nbc boston. thanks!
calm down. i'm no trumper although i realize if one doesn't support hrc u assume they are.
those are your choices, buddy. i'm not a huge hrc fan, but i'd rather be wet than drowning. it's pretty simple.
the scheduling this week is so thoroughly unfair to the it is shameful.
they're going to be so exhausted the whole team will have to kneel for the anthem
that's so cool :d! and thank you for the compliment !
ahh yea!! of course! i mean, thank you for taking the time to play my game and make a video out of it!
pit skill on zero lol
lmfao when u have no steez and are just an asshole
yes arrest that nigger bush who fucked up america!congratulate the nigger who came after him and made america great!
preach bra preach on
when you can't unsee something
happy vincentian week?
every time i enter dillingham i feel like the theater majors can smell that i'm only a theater minor and instantly reject my presence ya dig
i dig so hard. (not even a minor)
even if this tweet was true about clinton campaign in 2008 - which it is not - this would be bs false equivalency.
exhaustive fact check on it:
so who do u think played the best game??
of the f3 no question its paul.
trump honoring medal of honor recipients, veterans,&amp; a gold star family at dc event.so far no comment birther issue
is that what he's doing? honoring them? or shamelessly hiding behind a "patriotic" wall to promote his hotel? i'm disgusted.
has trump pulled a bait and switch on the cable nets? teased a big birther announcement. then puts up vets who praise him.
and the media fell for it hook line and sinker. they are his biggest source of support by far. it is a disgrace.
i support this decision.
because you are an exceptional human being
just seem this guy in witch wood!! lol
oh no! i'm happy you escaped! he's a monster of a man ;)
i'm a little concerned for your mental well-being if he wins. no matter who wins, we're all going to wake up nov 9th and go to work
yes, just like when hitler won in germany. nothing really changed.
it's pay day bitches!
can i borrow sum money
now trump getting free airtime for vets ad -- amazing how he games the cable and network people -- by saying he's making 'big announcement'
when will the press get tired of being played??
raputre! columbia is a racist hell hole.
you need the hashtag
donald trump speaking live from his hotel in dc. he is expected to address the birther issue
the non issue some lowbrow folks had an issue with as ducky threw it out there to measure the level of potential support for a prez run
to keep me from my mental wellness so that i don't curl up in a ball and cry my face of all day
it's a and i think it may make the peculiar children sensitive :) stay up!
in kaladesh when you get arrested.... you lose your driver's license.
but!! there's still attention payed to the overshadowed natural world
what's that!!
i have really bizarre skin issues and i'm so sure they're triggered by certain foods. so this test tells me what to avoid!!
sacha's goal last night: the biggest in club history since henry's in the 2013 shield game? discuss.
i'm on board with that..while a difficult challenge, the thought of going to the club world cup offers something really unique
still waiting on the logistics of nazi regime in usa by potus, btw.
still waiting on your argument too. i believe i have given some examples. why don't you tell me your vision of a racist potus
what is this check-book (spelling?) you speak of?
it's this app i use to track my money. my grandparents called it a "checkbook" which i think means a way to check your money?
that's the pair i want too i'll send you details when they come in
alright sound good i'll probably need a 12
oh, the joys of jet lag /cc
what do you mean by jet-lag?
120 fall and winter date ideas
so excited!!!
tim, everyone is stealing from the middle.
where most of us live
i'm about as sexually appealing as an old gourd. ps i love you.
guano apes - lord of the gourds
doesn't matter where he was born, only that he has never once sided with american citizens. get off the birther kick. we don't care
and that he ushered in regressive policies and almost every point.
your fave even admitted i didn't do it leave me alone about it
and for those of y'all thinking those are my receipts i wasn't even here when shit happened so leave me alone
silly boy it's his jacket!
right is that what the kids are calling it today
that we make stuff in china, send it to be us, sell it in the us and it goes right back to china
so many people showing up to wait in line who didn't know what they were buying.
can you watch this man for more than twelve seconds and not conclude that he is deranged? we can argue specifics
how nice of him to put more people on to bash our president
shouts to my brothers with that good energy for the people!!!
bro niggaz can't perform after ya and not match ya energy
to home or work?
work, i don't have a doorman at my apartment.
birther, deather, system-is-rigged-against-trumper, election-will-be-riggeder...don't care - release your tax returns, coward!
the only difference between trump and kim jong un is that we have no proof that trump has had anyone killed.
but!! there's still attention payed to the overshadowed natural world
it just loves artifacts too guys!
. "i think this was a self-inflicted wound by ."
- so, tell me how the hell you defend wanting to bring in 105,000 fucking savages !!! fuck no. behead,mom holds her
seems obvious the reference was to prison/ punishment/execution gas chambers, not genocide.
then he should have used electric chair or hanging. both more popular forms of execution in the united states
wow, perfect illusion is freefalling everywhere. world is very sad place rn. hope trump can restore it but am afraid it's 2 late for godga
you know godga is huge supporter of clinton, right?
at a complete loss to imagine who would want to stand behind trump for the big birther speech. who are these men?
the folk wearing the blue ribbon are medal of honor winners.
it's specifically provided for in the 1st amendment!!!
what tweet of dan's does this pertain to?
and george w. bush would be a fairy-filled walk in the park compared to trump. there's just no conceiving.
this set of tweets is what terrifies me. and also why i now appreciate how upset my parents were about reagan.
and large number of those "100-138%" are at 100% almost exactly. fancy that.
we know this how?
to my 1976 eyes, the most striking part of logan's run was jenny agutter. viewed in 2016 it's the subtext of white supremacy.
i should watch that again now that i'm over 30
my booty brings happiness
this needs to be a cult
so why is the media not exposing him and inform the voters not to make a fatal mistake to vote trump?
so why is the media not exposing him. the media just gave you that.
you have clearly never owned a business, have you? and yes, having a net worth &gt; 1b is successful
i actually have. it was a small business never intended to be a large multi national company. i love how you just make
i bought my ticket, seeing beyonce again in two weeks
formation world tour ?
omfggg when i go to the mall and see this shit like bye
lol! the cooks wear shirts that say "i love tacos so much" smh try to imagine a mexican to wearing that
i did find this one: from 's review
oh nice! was planning to find that tripod also. getting the same ideas from austin's video it seems.
victoria's secret model taylor hill ruled the runways at , walking in ten shows
she's very pretty.
trump camp: birtherism was 'great service' to us, trump now disavows it via
the msm has been conned hopefully the majority of the american electorate has not
ha, that's it. i knew i've seen that before.
i thought that cunt was leaving the us
top 4 characters requested for dlc in pokkn 1) greninja 2) zoroark 3) sczior 4) absol nsurvey
i see that you took this survey 100 times
are you going to be their? i'll be so happy to meet you !
unfortunately no, i will not be there tomorrow... but we shall meet in person some day~~~ please send me photos!!!
he bought himself a microdrone to follow him around while he's in europe next month
"as tony robbins said, 'you are the expectation of your future'"
i'd wait until monday/tuesday before giving up and paying scalpers. apple retail will get some units for reservation.
i'm hearing monday for jet black retail availability.
the walk home from the ralph was great in case anyone was wondering
you and big mike got something in common now
we've been missing your photos, , but we are glad you are home safe! best wishes to you and your family!
agreed!!!!! miss your photos jeff!!!!! hoping that kate is able to post more earth photos soon...
hillary invented birtherism: 11 things lying buzzfeed won't tell you
it was who issued the memo.
the idea that you're technically on the record anytime you're hanging out with a journalist is kind of.. silly.
i'd like to think my friends can relax and say how they feel around me with the knowledge that i'm going behind their backs to
told my kid at breakfast "not to play with his food" and he fired back with "don't talk with food in your mouth." fucking hell.
oh! you must be on approach to 3.
omg congrats let's hang out when you're here!!
ah yes!! hope you're doing well~
can you solve this puzzle? night dam laps horse ad desert check answers here:
i didn't solve it but you led me to this so now you have to see it too.
is that really a con? esp if he really ain't shit?
hmm i guess u right
lol. ricky, according to you and others, has at least 250 accounts!!! see a tweet you hate, it's ricky!!
why is your twitter account dedicated to somebody's balls? i know it's you ricky bobby
"he was a winner", says to a gold star wife about her husband who was killed in afghanistan in 2011.
as the wife of a wounded combat vet, i think what he said is entirely appropriate.
i'd like to think my friends can relax and say how they feel around me with the knowledge that i'm going behind their backs to
write about them.
why do people think it's harder to date today than it was in your parents and grandparents day?
so many options, ways to communicate, it's really easy to not be committed.
. "i think this was a self-inflicted wound by ."
- i cried for 2 hours - and the slimey ass muslim obama wants 105k more coming into usa in oct.. fuck no. !!!
it just loves artifacts too guys!
even the ants are organized little buggers.
glad my washed self took the day off, i wouldve been dying at work
lmfaooo you crack me up when you say wash and 5hrs later you're queen turnt.... turntlany
apple surveying users about the headphone jack on their macbook pros -
yikes! the headphone jack also doubles as a hi-rez toslink output. hope they don't mess with it!
casual carpool driver is listening to drumpf on the radio. how high is the bay bridge?
my driver to bart wanted to talk the entire time. talking means driving slower. made me miss two trains i wanted
station update: e 37 st &amp; lexington ave has been permanently relocated to e 35 &amp; 3 ave.
i don't understand this. 37th/lexington station was perfectly situated in an unused space. why not restore it? not
i gotta get the time approved off cause japan is that month but hopefully it works out
fingers crossed january is too far!
literally my current situation rn.
chai tea helps!!!
i actually have. it was a small business never intended to be a large multi national company. i love how you just make
assumptions it's pretty cute. i have no idea how much trump is worth, he won't release his tax documents so way to know
good morning
morning bro
please let this end on november 8. rt : leveraging five years of birtherism into a branding opportunity for his hotel.
i am so angry at what he is doing right now. parading all these military men who are putting obama down
hiring a web developer in ideally with knowledge - please share with anyone that may be relevant
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send your details to leads.com
shut up nigga.. u been good.. remember i use to ask you for advice b4 i started to perform
all imma say is i saw you spin, kick the mic, bring it back wit your foot, and do a james brown split at lit lounge
now the sniffing dog is barking a lot at my bags....maybe i am a japan native...
i'm good, they claimed this dog is new on duty.
i'm so glad y'all get to go to denver joyce next year 4me
take me with you lol!
so, how was your thursday night?
amazing!! congratulations
dear devs: your mobile app i use twice a month is drastically less useful when you log me out once a week
not sure why they're not giving you a refreshable token to be stored locally.
girl, i have a rule that brandon has to come to target with me during the fall or i will buy everything!
hahahaha girl my struggle is same
the only reason trump is "overweight" and not "obese" is that he now claims to be 6,3 when before his height was always listed as 6,2
during the gop primaries he was 6' !".
i am so angry at what he is doing right now. parading all these military men who are putting obama down
these men are sexist
i'm eating chicken.
lol no cheese burgers lettuce n tomatoez mayo mustard ketchup onions!?!?!
counting down to sunday @ the emmys! watch our coverage live w/ live reports also on facebook :-)
will be watching of course!!!!!
they say good things come to those who wait. i met going on roughly 7 years. he was the...
couldn't be more appreciative of these words :) thank you for sharing your heart and being with me for 7 years!!!
who would have predicted that in sept 2016, the gop nominee would be relitigating a racist birther debate as a general election issue?
trump of course
was a draft dodger. these brave military ppl - brainwashed though they appear to be - actually were boots on the ground.
i'm a military brat, and i'm appalled by this spectacle.
i need some help finding the full version online or elsewhere so i can link people to it from my opium wars video.
i don't even know if i'm using a full version. i transcribed a copy 15 years ago from a chinese history sourcebook!
he's probably too busy screaming right now hahahahaha xd
about his rage
uh oh! , ! about to say something &amp; probably on
hahaha! i loved . , when she ! ugh!
bruh if this happened in fleming...
damn that's such bad press lmao
the treatment of pows has changed over the course of american history
candidate trump: today is pow/mia day. how many ex-pows, their families and friends do you think will vote for you in november?
for pretty much everything, default open is a worse design than default closed. openness must be constrained to be useful.
exception is github repos, when you're first learning to code, and you expose your aws keys, and they run up $2500 in usage
we're getting hyped for the next series between team secret and mousesports. big love.
welp youve been dumped :( humanist is a savage
if you knew you were going to die at 55 (or in 15 years time), how would you change the way you live your life today?
one hand hand...i may not be at ... on the other hand i might quit my job and do this full time
very frustrating. the league just told the 11 &amp; 12 y/o boys on this team if they kneel again, they're off the team
so they are being punished for exercising their constitutional right? isn't that illegal?
lol we should boycott for a new game
they would find a way to mess it up. i like having good memories versus pushing a title way past it's prime.
the singer of staind who grew up in massachusetts slams other acts for "choking all the life out of country music"
*looks at replies, sees dozens of "it's been awhile" jokes*
any time! dm me when you are back on the east coast and we would love to host a visit!
yay yay yay!! thanks so much
if trump owns it he will likely try to cast himself as helping country resolve a real issue.
or show up with the computer "whiz kid" that photoshopped that phony birth certificate.
i'm in an improv show on october 1st at 5:30pm. there will be...
so awesome, ! you got this. let us know how it goes!!
i call it balance miss you boo hope all is well!!
okkk! miss you to beau, hope all is well to gorg
that's the point, flynn's at the same event introducing him
ok cool. good to know.
when people give me unsolicited advice about how to get rid of my freckles: i love them. i have accepted them as a part of me why can't you
fuck them our freckles is what makes us
you're ignoring ben smith's own reporting...
america! wake up! noltenc is correct! is race baiting us -again!
follow us, tag us &amp; use in a tweet. you could be in our shoot on 9/22.
on it !! where you at nyc
everytime i get back into that chat room i feel so lost lmao
that's what you get for coming and going lol
can't wait for the road trip across america. just excited for the food tbh
ayyy when you coming?
tony, why are all leaving ? just coincidence? no, it's not.
that's how i know your ain't from oakland the a's ain't moving there trying to go downtown ricky stop creating accounts
looking for a &amp; a freelance in london! both for 3 month contracts with a startup!
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app.our pf email to leads.com
new podcast with talking the jeff fisher extension, more safe space food drama, and week 2 preview
i give jeff fisher credit, parlaying 1-super bowl appearance &amp; years of mediocrity to continuous contract$.
assumptions it's pretty cute. i have no idea how much trump is worth, he won't release his tax documents so way to know
he could be worth a dollar. so sorry if a debt leverager isn't what i consider success. give me buffett, cuban any day
confront you and if you don't want my response stop with your baby shit liking tweets and delete twitter since you're all to immature-
too* js but you may continue your rampage now
even the ants are organized little buggers.
the underworld of the highly ordered plane is run by aether ghosts with lifespans of only a year. but they're badass
this guy teaches public relations and crisis communications at penn state. wow. just wow.
as someone who grew up in central pa, this level of delusion amongst the psu community is common
the day of game continues with his meek mill diss song "92 bars"
"i been wanting to give nicki this pool stick, so tell your little vivrant thing come f*ck with q-tip"-game
i've been trying to find out who to speak to about filing a complaint. i've contact the school principal, but no reply.
please call our office and we will try to assist you. thank you,
any explanation on why a sniper is needed?
security. arochi was not there, but they didn't know that before he declined to go to the car. he could have bolted--(more)--
i hope sns isn't the only store to cop from because i can't cook there anymore
shit i don't have the 220 right now either oh well i might miss these then
recalls a million phones because battery catches fire.
or that imf mission impossible msg app didn't work so well. or did it?
anyone looking for a new job and have experience with framework: laravel 5 (php) fun, laid back atmosphere # pm me
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
don't do this to me i am not stable enough to hear this
everyday my heart breaks in half
sad the only thing keeping rap relevant is the rap beef ...
its surely not the music
wireless is the future anyway. i think everyone else will start removing the port.
sound quality sucks man, they really have a long way to go to come close to headphones with the cord.
hillary calls on trump 2apologize for his birther remarks. will she apologize 4 her staff spreading that rumor when she ran vs obama in '08?
bs bs bs false equivalency bs bs bs lying. when will you apologize for all the lies you told as part of bush admin?
after reading all these jimmy fallon tweets i realized most people have no idea what fascism is or who hitler was.
...and so we come to the "doomed to repeat it" part of our era.
orangefriday
hey ladies
any explanation on why a sniper is needed?
someone could have taken a pot shot at him--lp
my well being is fine, but thank you for the concern. i have a great family support system and friends that are here for me. x
i hate to see you so upset. your a very good girl. more people u than the haters.. i'm one of the ! hang in
its not about trump....
it is about trump having him as prez would be a horrible mistake
from snowden's boss. a little truth to go with that facade:
anyone who looks at the revelations and doesn't think the man a hero is deluded
the underworld of the highly ordered plane is run by aether ghosts with lifespans of only a year. but they're badass
even green's artifact destruction, normally the key "i hate artifacts" indicator, is reflavored as love
so i have an hour break at work right now and i'm contemplating sprinting out of work and not coming back
i think you definitely should come run and visit me
actually, no. it's just the gop candidate is a democrat.
there are two liberal new yorkers running for president. one is crazy, the other is a criminal, thats it.
you call yourself a christian?!! and u vote for her! one who says it's ok to kill/abortion!!!
gabrielle you got it wrong we are strong for and no to hillary who is prochoice
when you get into concert choir but trav makes you a soprano instead of an alto??? i'm having an identity crisis??
i'm super excited none the less tho
lol your ex dated you and says he has never been on a date??
this doesn't really involve me ha ha long story
he didn't trick them into anything, they're willingly doing this.
this. fuck the media. they're profiting from his game just the same.
tfw you have to recover pu from your own bile because you accidentally ate a big chunk of world's supply.
. that story is part of the book excerpt in the nytimes
old masters? cubists? surrealists? nah. clearly a devotee of the saddam hussein school of art.
. amazing. putin has the same one with small variations hanging in his office. uncanny.
wireless is the future anyway. i think everyone else will start removing the port.
i'm not talking cheap headphones with the cord either. but i'm in the minority of people who care about that.
shot on iphone 7 plus. last two are with 1x optical zoom.
is the sound from the speakers noticeably better?
so we can all agree that obama's birthplace &amp; eligibility to run for potus was questionable?
if no birth cert it'd be in news like not releasing taxes.
hillary calls on trump 2apologize for his birther remarks. will she apologize 4 her staff spreading that rumor when she ran vs obama in '08?
will you provide proof for when &amp; where hrc spread that rumor, ari? we' ll wait sir.........
why have i never heard of a winner coming off this show + becoming successful? unclear
because the show exists to promote the judges who are already successful.
woah, just crashed so hard it legitimately removed itself from my macbook. that's what i call fatal.
peace gotta goo
it's always been dumb.
yes but it was fun and charming dumb in the past... something about the direction/writing really just put me off recently.
lmao you don't even know me. i'd be mad if i was sitting on twitter, doing this.
wait u are sitting on twitter doing this
shall i bag on carr, so it looks more legit?
ricky just remember carr &gt; bridgewater
the court ruling was referring to language in the ballot measure arguments, not their misleading ads
..so are you going to address their misleading ads in court? how can we get them to stop?
wow! i'm disappointed by this tweet. i thought you were better than this.
why would anyone think he was better than this? he was a bush admin guy.
. the worst rental car n sav. order economy they'll put u n &amp; make u pay extra for upgrade!
contest the charge with your credit card company
i don't get how japane super loves tech but is always very behind in internet stuff
it's like all .jp domains are still powered by geocities
i looked at the iphone 7, they don't even give u a flat price of the phone all i see is payment plans!!!!!
it's 649 boo
this image is on your homepage and this is what i want to buy but clicking it does not take me to that item:
hey! we're sorry, it looks like the planter just sold out! here is what we have left from that designer:
looking for experienced ios developers for a long-term internet banking project at budapest! for details ping me or...
we would be happy to assist you on remote work. let us know so that we can discuss further via dm. our pf:
hey ladies &amp; gents- writing an op-ed piece on harassment on the internet. dm me your experiences if you wouldn't mind sharing. thanks!
incl. if it's from friends you know irl?
waiting for iphone 7
6s plus forever!
even green's artifact destruction, normally the key "i hate artifacts" indicator, is reflavored as love
kaladesh is one of the first modern mtg settings built around something besides war, and that something is literally "loving invention"
i just feel like if we're resorting to this we've failed in some terrible terrible way
it's almost like we should fix our voting system : |
how many brothers do you have?!
2 brothers and 3 half brothers lol
cool. i'm ricky. fine by me.
ricky don't lie to yourself man cmon we told you this already
dear erin thank you for following me &amp; kind words abt my love am at my 1st if u get time watch livestream
enjoy yourself tami!!!
kaladesh is one of the first modern mtg settings built around something besides war, and that something is literally "loving invention"
which gives us oviya, one of my favorite new legends ever
this is fake.... lmaoo no way that's happening in a african household
lol his pops prob went to buy a one way ticket. and africans be letting their sons get away with mad shit actually
must stop this! feds plan 2 spend 4.6m on healthcare alone on refugees this year, while vets died waiting in line!!
that's bull shit
trump takes credit for proving that obama is not from kenya, then blames hillary
no blacks for birther. no latinos for wall. no female for end of pp
so if there's a question if trump could separate his business ties if he becomes president, we got our answer, right?
look to for guidance.
mt : a nation conceived in liberty &amp; dedicated to the proposition all men are created equal
god bless you and god bless america
lol people get real catty when they think they know more about music than u. reeall catty when you don't know particular artist or song.
i plead the fifth.
i'm still broke with you
thank god. dude and it's two separate couples that aren't engaged or married. like how!?
humans will be extinct in 100 years says eminent scientist
if donald wins, much more sooner... boom! bring back "the daisy ad"...
but i'm tempted
collectors item! nostalgia - haha.
still trying and at times failing, for social reasons, to stop watching nfl. on the ethics of watching football:
you can do it. awkward socially tho. i know.
. what? this isn't a cache or a browser issue. this is a ux issue, easily fixed with some markup edits.
can you try to refresh your css changes stores in developer tools as well?
that's a altinator for a car
well i don't have a car, so guess i'll get the 7 instead.
exploration student team shoots for the with cislunar explorers, a team of...
(cont) a rendering of the cislunar explorers cubesat separating after deployment. credit: kyle doyle
chael going to the promotion with significantly reduced drug testing, too.
ah yea. obviously a huge factor. but he's one of my favourite fighters so i'll be watching regardless. ditto rory
which gives us oviya, one of my favorite new legends ever
i literally tear up when i see her flavor text. no hippie hatefulness cliche, instead we have a responsibility to each other to create
so many great things happening here in costa rica now, especially a sustainable fishing/seafood movement.
absolutely. it was my second trip and can't wait to go back. feel like there's an endless amount of adventure there!
ok so explain otherwise jon. but you won't reply. all the left does is say something is false w no facts to prove it
fleischer made the accusation. he would be the one who needs to "prove it".
. for everything do you like my official emoji collection
sweating with excitement over these emmy predictions
meditation on un peace day, 21st sept, with heartfulness
i really like this word, heartfulness. that's beautiful
you tell me that's not fate?
that might be the greatest thing i've seen all day.
is clinton just in a league of her own? :)
i don't get into politics or religon
as someone who sort of works in cable news, it's flattering, but people overestimate how much tv coverage drives preferences.
but when the media is the only source of a campaigns outreach, it actually matters quite a bit. they bear a responsibility.
i'm out here with bed fro and morning face like, "fuck it."
you're very lovable. gotta say it.
wow, that's terrible news for all the 26 year old children out there.
if you think removing 19 to 26 year-olds from their parents' insurance plans is a good idea, there's a candidate who wants that!
called my sprints 10x. no replacements, if i wanted to settle for a s7 or 7edge, i would not have waited for
what are the options for those who need a temp replacement till new stock becomes available?
i'm trying to do a south park rewatch, dude i'm on s3, the old episodes just aren't funny.
i'm tweeting at you about it bc we used to watch it together all the time but did we find early episodes funny? i just?
i don't know why people look at the bible like it was written by god himself.
there's some good shit in there, but it was written, translated, and altered by men for hundreds of years.
cannot watch that walk off video clip enough.
me neither!! i can't belive it
in order to have discussions today about why it won't be the same or how suburbs have different repercussions
have you read crabgrass frontier by chance? that's where i got the philly number from. great history of the suburbs.
why isn't hillary clinton farther ahead in the polls???
he's out to whip donald trump's ass
i literally tear up when i see her flavor text. no hippie hatefulness cliche, instead we have a responsibility to each other to create
this flavor text too.
there's some good shit in there, but it was written, translated, and altered by men for hundreds of years.
changes were made. i'm sure people took creative liberties! okay let the shit go!
which one is worse gun to head
politics or religion i stay away from...
it looks like the zzz is coming from eichi, he who sleeps with his eyes open
he's wearing an eye mask with eyes on it
hbd to a day 1 hoe luh yew
thanks bitch love you too
this is extremely my shit
they should have this 4 twitter dms
we're looking for a web developer, an ios developer and more: do you know any possible fit? send them our way!
we would be happy to assist you on remote work. let us know so that we can discuss further via dm.pf:
reminds me of when your alarm would go off for hours at the house in gainesville...
it still does here heh. i've tried everything but i can't wake up :(
but he went on jimmy fallon and seemed nice so.
media was entertained- &amp; he avoided policy talk-win &amp; not only does he kill success of bo but dooms our future
proof that riding the 6 at a quarter to 9:00am is actually hell.
take the nqr, avoid the 456
lotta millennial hate happening today on the tl
so millennials want president trump to give them orgasms?
have a fantabulous friday!! gonna try my new !!
enjoy!!! glad you had a nice trip!!!
my schedule is provisionally finished - and crammed! one break wednesday 16:15-17:30. one! it'll be fun - if i survive :-d
so it needs to be filled.
"i could be the first presidential candidate to run and make money on it." - trump, 2000
well you make it darn easy! donald trump games the media: blahahahaha!!!!!
so the real question is when we all taking this road trip to go see my lil nigga ?
he's coming to albs soon tho!!
follow us, tag us &amp; use in a tweet. you could be in our shoot on 9/22.
on it !! where you at nyc?
it doesn't help that we have glorify a sho where a powerful intelligent black woman is a mistress, to who?
my reference was to scandal.
wine grapes that were harvested yesterday. more harvesting in the morning.
happy harvest!
because you're cold hearted, jk love you
that must be why
but when the media is the only source of a campaigns outreach, it actually matters quite a bit. they bear a responsibility.
they exchange ethics for ratings.
i didn't always have the
legal abilities
is that your best pickup line?
i don't have pickup lines. i just say something stupid and then wave as they leave
bernie would have been so good at this campaign
let that hurt go, big fella
tell you his/her life story? are you two bffs?
i should've told him i'm switching back to if he doesn't get me to bart so i can make it to work on time
ecocor of maine promotes the "no roof overhangs" aesthetic (see image). why? doesn't it rain in maine?
yeah i was confused by this choice too. ?
there's no rampage and if you read i tweeted *too thanks though
no problem have fun shit talking!
gotcha. thanks for the excellent coverage! i'm following daily.
and we appreciate that, lari, we surely do.--lp
did you know 30 minutes of can improve your &amp; ?
agreed. if i'm unable to go for a run or jog, i'll certainly a good long distance.
and imma just move in with you inside yo purse
no room, my wallet to big
television news producers are killing journalism
it's all about ratings. journalism is dead. just look at the non-coverage of the newsweek article.
called my sprints 10x. no replacements, if i wanted to settle for a s7 or 7edge, i would not have waited for
what are the options for those who need a temp replacement till new safe stock becomes available?
that's gonna be a hard find
walkscore and intersection density numbers suggests there are some hotspots. we're investigating. :) and eating diner food
i hope sns isn't the only store to cop from because i can't cook there anymore
if you do cop can you grab an extra set of 12s and i'll pay when i get the money no flake
higher ups in the clinton donor/campaign floated pictures and rumors about him being a non citizen muslim
okay. thanks. where can i find that? got a source?
thanks a ton for following!!
you got tay! hey tay i like you too
legal abilities
gave them 2 me 4 a time &amp;
"in god we trust." "one nation under god."to god be the glory.
god bless you
bad behavior leads to major change to kiosks.
maybe they try loading it with useful apps. then can sell the app space to the company for rev and provide relevant service.
using russian straw man to provide cover for democrap election fraud..
that's exactly right. the problem is the "hacker" not the corruption and crime! deflection.
no... but i know you're wishing she did!
the monster vote is coming out for trump 11/9/2016 - she will be shocked that even voter fraud didn't help
as much as stupid dez bryant did but i was counting on gurley the most.
i have dez too. i'm not worrying tho. he'll be igght
you could try react-router
thanks! my issue there is lack of transitions and native gestures (e.g. swipe from edge on ios). the search continues...
fuck. i need a winter jacket.
thrift stores have the flyest coats
i'd do two years in prison for ant but i'd sign any affidavit in the world to get sciolto 3 years so we don't gotta deal with fifa
the wild thing is, chris sucks at fifa
currently writing a book on what not to do on first dates. from experience. will update.
"ok so this is just like fear factor"
gave them 2 me 4 a time &amp;
season such as this. it's
after extensive rift/vive usage, it's very clear that rift is the better product by a long shot. vive'll catch up+head start on hand trcking
the rift is more polished for sure. and the build quality is much better. it's certainly not a better product tho.
who tf going hours?
the hours are ticking
touch id is the best thing.
i agree! but i'm sure he has his reasons so i'm not gonna push for 'em.
push through you got it
it's so hard yo. i'm so tired of everybody expecting me to have my life planned
even nissa loves this place.
all that said, kaladesh is a wonderful foil to the upcoming conflict between the gatewatch and phyrexians :,)
depressing overcast weather greeting me
give it like 3 hours and it won't be overcast anymore! lol
thank you for and a to you dear.
your welcome and thank you, too! have a wonderful weekend! xoxo
yeah this reads to me as "be aware this game is different" than anything really negative.
yeah, i do think it's going to be a rude awakening for anyone used to modern games
i can't believe i missed this tweet. it is the best thing.
this will be happening my entire life and there's nothing i can do about it.
not a fan of tomato on breakfast... the rest looks decent. if you are in the us, looks will be deceiving for sausage.
tomato was doable, firm. us cooked full english, decent.
season such as this. it's
not my justice im just a
it's fans like you, not rick, why the are better off in vegas.
rick just stop you're already a tool on twitter and a low life.
like a month before this launch i got a xb one that came w 16. so i jussst started trying to get back to it.
what's your gt?
groove was never there
haha. i've prob never had the real groovy kind. i think the whole movement of elevating old ashkenazi fare is kinda cool tho
as a reporter covering trump for news, right now, i feel like i'm being swindled. an hour and a half late, and so far its a campaign ad.
then walk out.
sorry to disappoint you.
that wasn't a shot at you. it was sarcasm aimed at him.
pierce the veil, against the current, too close touch, more talk about their first concerts
fancy vic
goal is to drive engagement and provide value thru the app. if it does that, front screen placement will follow.
i'm waiting for the usaa phone.
help- video repair programs u would recommend 4 recovering files corrupted whn camera abruptly shuts off mid record?
omg thumbnails!!!!! ok dropping $100 to save this one clip. lol. hopefully it's .
i hope they "wendi-go nuts" with it
maybe a wendingo ate your baby!
david brooks advocated for american wars in the mideast. but his son joined the israeli army. not ours.
i thought joan rivers died?
just realized the 3 video game franchises i stopped purchasing are all properties. , &amp; . ouch.
there goes the stock price...
as soon as he gets his first map of the world
lol his first map of the world. maybe he can find a way off the block
i know i had to hit you with the change up
but pls do explain how silently &amp; peacefully making a statement is ignorant compared to white kids saying they should be shot
these two facts should not be airbrushed out of the story of trump's birther back-down:
birtherism is the foundation upon which trump gleefully built his political fortune. he knew what he was doing.
not my justice im just a
faithful steward of it
i swear that's the first thing i asked
i'm sure! because it is obvious to thinking people who read reputable information. but then there are his followers...
this yalls girl.....?
just thought it was an interesting pov
[watch] rt i challenge every muslim to listen to this ex muslim....
mr president read the koran
of course, dealing seriously with ubi means getting basic questions answered. what a cop out.
basic questions 1: can we cut defense globally in half? 2. is there the will to do ubi? we are starting a discussion.
with talk of bloody insurrection, kentucky's governor invoked a violent, racist history:
. repubs need to get their heads out of their ass. white supremacists, racists, kkk supporters of trump are worried about violence?
we dont tell our fathers we love them enough. tell ur dad u love him. whatever dad means to u. dad's up above and here with us, we love u.
yeah but my dad didn't ever say that to me so like i'm not about to hit him up. show me some child support i'll show u some love
are there rosters for the all time college teams anywhere?
oh man i hope someone makes college rosters
dude, i'm about to eat lunch
looool the all white is nice for some reason.
"the secret daily guide to new york's startup ecosystem" by
thanks for sharing, ron. what's your go-to coffee shop in nyc?
i loved when larry explicitly called out "not just by the power they have"
such a lovely re-leveling of the power dynamic
those flare jeans
wearing this look tomorrow
if trump loses it's his fault.if clinton loses it's her fault. partisans quit whining about the media, &amp; hold your own candidate accountable
own ur shit! u got us trump and now u don't want to be held accountable? that's laughable!
help- video repair programs u would recommend 4 recovering files corrupted whn camera abruptly shuts off mid record?
omg thumbnails!!!!! ok dropping $100 to save this one clip. lol. hopefully it's .
heard in new york they sell pizza $5 a slice
yes but they're huge
let's just remove the word "folks" from our collective vocab
i use it when speaking to a certain age group. "guys" is inappropriate and y'all isn't always acceptable. any suggestions?
according,to sources r. schaefer been absent from boxing 18months,now has a new company called ringstar,goodluck!!
he looks like al capones cousin in this photo
i think unused accounts should expire rather than well used passwords. how many stale accounts does the average online user have?
i'm reminded every year when i get a 'happy birthday' email from old, old forums.
dear satan, as a criminal, i thank you for making all security camera footage low-def, grainy black and white, and shot from overhead.
an a approval ratings for equal rights n getting bin laden when bush failed
faithful steward of it
again,justice isn't just 4
true u shouldb of yourself,this campaign surehas opened my eyesabout the
mefia props up hillary
he looks so miserable
i really shed a tear.. if he don't adjust soon i'm gonna take him outta there
it's always so hard to pick 1 flavor of arizona to drink, i love them all!!
this is life's greatest challenge.
we dont tell our fathers we love them enough. tell ur dad u love him. whatever dad means to u. dad's up above and here with us, we love u.
tell dad to show me some child support and i'll show him some love
flynn asks for moment of silence for u.s. pow/mia recognition day day. trump once said mccain wasn't a war hero because he got captured.
this is a prime example of ! this is why the am people have such a poor judgement of the press. stop !
hey developer friends - anyone with magento expertise? may have a project to refer you to - agency/contractor role. dm me if that's you!
we do have very good experience in magento. we have designed &amp; developed several magento sites.
trump tricked every news channel and most of the political press corps into covering the opening of his hotel. 2016.
what are y'all new?
happy iphone 7 launch day! they look amazing!
u wouldn't know
channel your anger at serving the community. you can make a difference.
been there done that could not get past the people who pay for what they want to get done, good or bad for edgewater
when i was in shanghai last week, i went to the grocery store and they had all kinds of flavors of potato chips
yus. potato chips rule.
why does this happen to us
because bad things happen to good people all the time
please note the date on this
need to inform the brasilians they think he is a hero
bo3 changes how you play matches. while id likely play differently if bo1, if nats was bo1, id be 2-7 instead of 6-3
bo1 worlds for me would have been 4-4 day 1 and 3-4 day 2
don't want to interrupt the thread but "can't crew vehicles" is gorgeous.
from the aetherborn thieves to the daredevil pilots to the consulate supremacists to the technogardeners..... kld is amazing
no crying here. bumped his head at the park and kept on going.
hurt you more than hurt him
if we're serious about landing legit dp, what are we talking? $2 million a yr/ $3-5 million transfer fee type cmf?
i'm not sure if it makes sense to spend that much on an attacking player if dk is coach
trying to be cool first week of school like
why they doin my boy dirty like that
lmfao lame extremely pathetic at this point what difference does it make ... give it up
even the staff on trump's bus realized that you can't win the black community if you run as a racist.
i turned it off. i'm not watching trump news anymore. it makes me physically ill.
it sure is. a bunch of military misogynist men on who are telling crap about hrc.
breaking news "i had no security clearance but complete access" it tech testimony
violation of law..
trump begins his big speech: 'when the hotel opens it will be one of the great hotels in the world... ' yet again, you couldn't make it up.
no doubt he will receive a big fat fee for the honor of using the hotel that bears his name.
wow this makes so much more sense now that abraham lincoln has been revealed as the final persona 5 party member
yeah with his battle hymn of the republic persona
need an agent or to be in cali
fuck all that just break in on set while they filming
if i'm reading our class schedule right, mexico will be a no go for me in november. oh freakin' well.
just means do fall ball 17-23 in october if possible
what white kids are we talking about?
according to the news article some white collierville kids were suggesting the cops shoot the kids that wore black
i use mine mostly at the gym and on planes. no cord works best for me.
i guess it doesn't totally matter as sound quality isn't as good on a phone period, no matter what headphones used
getting info direct from thomas kurian, not marketing - this session each year top thing about being
that must have been extremely interesting indeed!!
i'm buying margiela cargo pants right now.
you mind if i wild out?
my wechat is half tinder matches half my coworkers + my boss not sure what kind of content i should be posting (????)
what is wechat
this whole thread is a
my mans was forced to say this stupid shit lol
now i'm fascinated by the notion that there are pearl necklaces specifically designed for clutching.
three kinds of pearls for classy people---pretty for wearing, shiny for batman's mother at the movies, and soft for clutching.
it's 2016 and still can't shake off the birther question of whether he was born in the united states.
hillarios clingon instructed the washington puke reporter to bring this up again as her erased "personal" emails show.
you don't think you're a god?
you definitely are tho
same here. very good signing for them. really hope duffy stays though, he can make a big mark in that division.
if he didn't a bellator dublin show with gallagher would sell pretty well
not shit talking which is what everyone is actually doing and it's twitter as well if you can't handle it then delete it
i think the person that can't handle it is you. stop arguing with people younger than you and worry about your own damn life
might be an extension
yeah that's what i'm thinking... only affects this website. ugh gonna have to go through them 1 by 1.
it's about to be a year since...
video was too perfect wore exactly what you rapped about without knowing &amp; we coordinated ode
i'm sorry and i love oakland with all my heart but something gotta change. second time my car has been broken into.
at least left the sharks sticker intact
these medal of honor veterans must not remember that time trump attacked a gold star family or said pows aren't heroes
attention spans are sh...
i didn't know buffalo wings were named after buffalo, ny .
i remember hearing something about that on the history ch lol
this really made my day! on with twitter sister wives! what channel?
suggestive said cinema after dark
awww it's my cousins first day at tennyson
who's your cousin?
i'm try to go to new york for my birthday
you should do a meet and greet at roosevelt field mall in long island it's in new york i would love to meet u
if you get a 'list of demands' from your partner, including passwords, turn your iphone location on... would comply? doesn't love = trust?
trust nay be earned
how are you becoming the best you this school year? follow and tweet us to win a macbook air!
aiming for perfect attendance and 90s
deep stress underlies all problems. what if we had a technology to heal it? a new paradigm for world
you say the problem is stress yogis say it is due to 'wrong understanding' of our own 'true nature'
has that number been fact checked?
by whom... not the media. we the people have to fact check you.
this is exactly what my life was missing... 1/2 the team is 10 hr diff, i wake up to like per day. thx
and nice empty state you got there.
yes i was for a decent price
ok. we can provide you with high quality guaranteed services at reasonable price.
trump begins his big speech: 'when the hotel opens it will be one of the great hotels in the world... ' yet again, you couldn't make it up.
everything he does is to promote his business. he will b laughing all the way to the bank
going in for surgery...pray for me.
be well and safe
i just had to google who that was, and how dare you.
the schools aren't teaching chris gaines like they should
what a bore this article is. the few critics i know (i.e. ) happen to be genuinely nice, thoughtful, people.
film snobs, i'd agree, are insufferable. but most critics i know aren't snobs!
thanks for the luv happy friday!
same to you! have a blessed weekend! you ready for that destiny expansion? lol
where where !?
check the flyer i just posted
i can't imagine this actually happening though... sadly.
it could. in nyc we've started doing it.
time. read this and you could win a code for : the collection on xbox one. good luck.
columbia because if the sky's the limit then why not?
oh what? :)
, need for surveillance in wealth management
video was too perfect wore exactly what you rapped about without knowing &amp; we coordinated ode
was too perfect.. and we matched
yes i was for a decent price
kindly submit your details here:
omg thumbnails!!!!! ok dropping $100 to save this one clip. lol. hopefully it's .
the moment before it all hit the fan. the biker that ran me over is not in frame she came from behind me.
some dope in staten island got my card info and dropped $270 at fucking marshall's lmao brokeass
shoot me your info, gotta get the belts for my shoes at wilkes.
he had 2 sacks my boy. sweat gotta get that knee right
oh yeah but it was csu he ain't gon get there like that vs louisville. lot of misdirection can confuse a young boy.
honestly any reptile and i'm out.
srsly. leave that sh** in the terrarium.
she died as she lived--lost.
send hufflepuffs
is it larger than the average face if so then i guess its warranted
yes. it definitely is
speaking with + a few others today on editing tips/tricks for
ah! can't wait to see you babe
trump is running this campaign exactly like a reality tv show.
. i'll take what's behind door , chris.
no criminal justice reform from congress before election
american lives matter! period.
good morning i hope you have a blessed day
good morning and same to you!
"according to the news" that's where you lost my interests
i sent you the article bc apparently it was tweeted by a collierville student against black lives matter. idk who tho
this next summer will be the first summer that i won't be in hb
you will no longer be a rj loc.
aj styles vs shawn michaels vs bret hart in a 3 way match...who wins ?
that's tough
what do you work on when you don't know what to work on next?
i clean things up. this usually leads to finding something that needs more work.
can't remember when we started teaching "attitude" around here. // also he told me the other day that i "wasn't his favorite"
i was just told "i'm going to have to ask you to leave. please go somewhere else."
i'm not going to do your research for you. it's all there in the internet
because it's not! you claim to have evidence but can't lead me to it. bunk.
went from iphone6splus to iphone7.
wished i lived in a small town where i can walk right in for an upgrade lol
what brush is this!
it's like a rollerbrush on the app artrage.
i simply do not understand why all my cable news channels are airing a hotel infomercial
because it's a job interview for them to be included in the trump network, starting 11/9/16!
i read lil thot
that too like when girls would wear that in the fucken winter time
hey go find at the mashable offices so you guys can duet
we can do better than that ... by singing together!
i use mine mostly at the gym and on planes. no cord works best for me.
but i don't like how it seems we are getting further from goood sound quality with every new product coming out
oh my god. how is everyone so mad at jimmy fallon for being "playful" with donald trump. he's a comedian. the show is a comedy show.
if you're making major political decisions/voting on the basis of what u saw on "late night with jimmy fallon" then you have bigger problems
it's for the greater good.
my thought precisely
that ain't no sexy walk she hit the ugly walk..... we finna blame it on the boot tho
imma need you to quick suckin me boo
that's happening in products like tetration &amp; arcsight
thanks for adding more to my frame of reference, and that too, early in the morning.
i once saw a news article that said obama was gay and had ana affair with a guy...
that's why you have to search through the bs articles to find factual ones even tho fox news isn't v factual
required reading ahead of trump's appearance today:
press conference is incredibly boring
would love more info!
the conference is next tue-thu at the boston public library. looking for people to help share content
it ain't the same no more,
i can relate
when ur not around to "mother" you're friends so they get campus police called on them smh
they were being extremely nice
thank you for sharing the laughter! appreciate the love!
one thing us newyoricans did suffer when going to puerto rico was being told we are not puerto rican i was gringa ! queee?
don't ask me why but these dogs remind me of remy if xe was a dog xe'd be a shiba i'm sure of it
i never saw this til now tf
there was a moment when could have said we will get back to this if the candidate speaks. guess they missed that moment.
that moment was "deplorables are deployables", and long past.
do you think owes president an apology? (cc: )
hell no, no apology needed
don't have the energy for this girl following me around morrison's shouting olly murs..
i'm. screaming.
sea scallops, avocado-corn relish crisp tortillas
this looks great!
any way to duplicate a pod spec to a private repo easily?
copy &amp; paste the file into the right folder, then commit it. might be easier to use :podspec -
it's the default for pr people, along with signing every email with "cheers." i wouldn't mind it in your context.
i mind it. that and saying "how are ya?" i swear i never said "ya" until moving to idaho. cheers!
do you think owes president an apology? (cc: )
dnc started the birther issue her camp is throwing it out again
fun moments interviewing live
i just recently saw him in ct.
yeah or like don't buy a cold blooded killing machine that has no affinity towards you
yea, or that
who'd like some good news?
...and the streets of queens, ny were awash in cinephile jizz lo the entire month of october.
the rift is more polished for sure. and the build quality is much better. it's certainly not a better product tho.
if i drop an object on the floor in a game, it's now permanently stuck there. i can't reach for it.
haha! you follow instructions well
i'm a good listener
the tough life of leos.
me reading libra
nope it wasn't! lol
lol, amazing! she just got inspired. i love it.
that ain't no sexy walk she hit the ugly walk..... we finna blame it on the boot tho
imma need you to quit suckin me boo
yo is this even legal?
ugh. the pre-printed 99cents on the can is just suggested. ultimately it's up to the retailer to determine what they sell for.
happy birthday hope you had a great day
thank you so much!
trump brought out medal of honor winners to stand as decoration for his hotel opening.
is president putin going to be there also
thank dog for samantha bee.
so much yes on i wish she was on nightly to keep up with the crazy
happy birthday pretty lady
thank you livvy
my body is like 95% filled with your sweet tea
you the real mvp!
how many times have u vomited today? jw
i was abt to tweet about it ngl
my uncle lived in staten island when he was a kid. i'll have to ask him if he's heard of this.
everyone in the tri-state area has heard of this. sooo many kids went missing. i'm sure it was sex trafficking,
i'm having a bad morning. after i overslept, i spilled water all over the floor and my work clothes.
don't stress the small stuff. you are blessed. a positive attitude can change your whole day
the babadook, it follows. hell, lights out wasn't exactly original but it was executed brilliantly.
both conjuring movies, 3/4 of sinister.
inclusion is not a program...it's a mindset, a behavior, a culture
inclusion&lt;&gt;people w/ should openly be w/o or pity
your sure ab that? are you feeling ok? really manorville?
if you have a dirtbike or quad, yes.
but removal of the port will push headphone makers to make sound better for wireless now. they have to conform
idk man. apple partners themselves with beats right? beats are crap too, and they're expensive.
! you're one of the world's greatest humanitarians revbarber
thank you friend!
lmfao i saw your mom once at walgreens and she said the same thing when she was talking me and my mom
loll no way shes a mess
send my your fluffiness.
my adorable dingo furbaby peggy in her raincoat.
thx 4 the rt/likes!
how about a follow back?
do you think owes president an apology? (cc: )
hell no! oblabla owes us an apology for his incompetent racist presidency.
omg today is . thus, our friend is back. she is and she is jamming.
yasssss. also, hi! i hope life is great &lt;3
been busy, but good :))
that's good you relaxing
wouldn't be surprised if curry got injured
just off the numbers..hes glass and hasn't broken in like a full 3 seasons...
hi i haven't done an outfit selfie in a while hi
kinda strange, but it works somehow. +1
if i drop an object on the floor in a game, it's now permanently stuck there. i can't reach for it.
games don't know where the tracking limit is either... all have to build custom desk size calibration and chaperone ://
the national enquirer, totally a reliable and credible source of information
obviously they are a joke... still hilarious
i usually say "everyone"/avoid group pronouns haha. i used to hear "folks" so much it's just like chinese water torture to me
ha! it's a delicate dance. i address groups so often and i'm like nails on a chalkboard to myself.
still staying away from cruz in all formats. upside just isn't there. he might be in his miles austin phase.
oh my the disrespect is unfathomable
but removal of the port will push headphone makers to make sound better for wireless now. they have to conform
it's a tough life for those of us who are sound quality nerds. i still listen to a lot of music on vinyl. lmao.
well the 10 teams are dlc for $15
really? i didn't know that. can they be used in myleague?
everyone in the tri-state area has heard of this. sooo many kids went missing. i'm sure it was sex trafficking,
but it's easy to blame what we don't know on anything else
dude, just go to sleep earlier and have something awesome that you want to eat for breakfast... that works for me haha
hah unfortunately that doesn't seem to work for me :p
!! are you calling me a kid? i will take it!!!
it was a compliment
babes, i'm playing the delancey tonight with the bbs . 10 bucks at the door, i'm on...
see you there!!! &lt;3
hopin' to interview you for the series...what's your booking e-mail? (dm if you don't feel like tweeting it)
dm me i just followed you
selling one ticket to both days for hmu if u want it
for what day???
hey kunstpoligrafo, you may want to check for latest updates on _
i'll check it. thanks
trying to be nicer to people/get less annoyed with them but its hard af when everybody is acting like fricken idiots!!!
you're the most annoying person i know.
trump: *waits until 7 weeks before the election to address the fact that he spent years promoting a racist conspiracy against potus*
this is about trying to bring down a with a 58% approval rating. donald's ego can't take it...
an email was sent out
ooh okay that's weird i never got one i don't think
me reconsidering and i's friendship because he thinks peace tea is better than
take him to school bro!
for what day???
oh jk i'm going on sunday too haha thnx anyway :)
yes i was quite pleased with it...not sure it'll catch on for human interactions mind you
it has potential amongst the blood-sucking millennial parasite demographics
tummy ache?
feeling it a little now...
how old is too old for men to father children?
physiologically, as long as he lives. it's not fair to a child though.
your lipstick
its cement by lime crime
at least it's straight to the point
was that a tooltip.pun?
ida just pointed to the silhouette person in the ios contacts icon and said "dada!"
if only she had pointed to the castro app.
if u with me po a 4 rn
what does that mean
i love the descriptions of color in "the night circus"
i love that book. descriptions of food are also especially on point.
some autodrafyer got my julio so i was stuck with dez it's my first year not having julio i miss him already
wow me 2 lol
hi team, does anyone know if it's possible to transform a nested svg?
any experience with this ?
i'm so excited to watch !! you know when it comes to brazil ??
not sure yet but we'll let you know!
all the cool kids are getting it these days
well, we gotta get on that cuz we are nothing but cool. just kidding--i'm gonna pop another zicam.
guess i'll be out there in shorts
same! don't do it very often but sounds like this sunday is shorts weather.
thank you for being so inspirational.
thank you friend!
perfect little angel so cute
isn't the precious
this is cool af. go science.
i can't wait to try this
claim needs validating. where is it?
jaspers at taylor and o'farrell downtown sfo
film snobs, i'd agree, are insufferable. but most critics i know aren't snobs!
which is just to say this is a tautology: "insufferable people are insufferable." (including the writer)
the two actors in this video deserve emmys
one of the best songs i've heard this year.
unbelievable!...scratch that...this is a narcissistic sociopath we're talking about here.
still, given the alternative, she gets my vote.
if anyone has experience in seo and website building, please message me. thanks!
submit your details here:
maybe can help us find the link ;)
this is the registration link
signal station mizen head. a solitary man lived &amp; worked here 6 mths on 6 mths off, wonder what he saw through here?
i always hear the weather on &amp; they mention mizen head. i find the long weather forecast zen-like &amp; soooo chill!
all the military endorsements? what us this all about.
another trump commercial. he promotes his hotel. he gets some cranky old white men to promote him. that's it. of course.
good morning twitter beauties
good morning.
so fox and cnn have both cut away, but msnbc is hanging in there. "he'll talk about birtherism eventually and then we've got him"
zero swing voters watch daytime msnbc.
look, we were standing on the corner in winslow, arizona!
it's sucha fine sight to see....
is it time for dark colored nails yet?
what the shit kind of question is that
we apologize but address changes cannot be made once an order is placed.
it is possible, you just won't do it.. terrible customer service.
why doesn't the have a name?
the moon is its name it's a satellite ya know
remember: trump, the birther-in-chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records.
news media should stop given trump free tv .
i don't have to microwave dead mice for my dog either, so that's a win
4.5 stars, would not buy.
i know where you are just by the pizza alone. that place is insanely good
it was so great. i woke up still thinking about it.
help me out twitter: who would hold the nhl record for most career points by a player who had over half of those points in a single season?
eric boguniecki is a candidate. 49 points in 2002-03. 76 career points total.
track 11: dropping medicare checks on yo hoe
track 12: views from the retirement home
can anyone recommend a website person?
we have good experience in website design/development. our portfolio: email: leads.com
men try to be lol!!!
what what lol
yeah i think ima go to that unc game
shid if we really wanted to shit on everybody we'd wear them vs clemson cause they gon wear all white.
christina really nifty poll. can i ask which widget did you use to create it?
twitter polls
the (correct) reasoning is that he is legitimizing racism misogyny homophobia, etc by even inviting this guy onto his show
trumps done rounds of all major comedy shows(incl. snl)in past decade.what fallon did is no diff frm what's already been happ
tt the whole season, no matter what happens
fair enough. the guy has to improve quickly though, still doesn't see the middle of the field. his ol gave him all day
haven't played it yet but i have it downloaded. i'm going to play it after work
word i'm getting my physical copy right after work
great marketing is not a checklist of things to do.
but you still need the checklist.... marketing is also about operational excellence
how old is too old for men to father children?
plan to father children at an age that lets you be in their lives until they are grown &amp; out of the house.
wheres the egg
its ok its safe
the hennnnnny
nahhh lol had to be the long island from fridays that had me bopped first early lmao
. on media narratives-"when the public sees trump as more honest than clinton something has gone wrong."
trump=entertainment i guess, supporters will c the big con if godforbid he takes this *
for this week's ep, we're talking the best ever movie cameos. let us know your faves for a shoutout!
tom cruise in tropic thunder
what? can u read. i never said that. please learn to read and pls research
u need to read my objective source on the issue. u blindly accepted bigoted smears
i currently subscribe using beyondpod on android. it's not listed in the google play music podcast section though.
holly if we're missing from somewhere please email me &amp; i'll pass along to the tech ppl.. email in bio. much appreciated!
hair massage therapy. would you like to have..????
awesome, have a wonderful day!!
i need more friends to text me
it would help if you actually had friends
doesn't make weight knowing is not going to cancel this fight and give up this chance. thoughts ???
not sure what happened. yeah, it ain't cool.
pres. obama 'shocked' at birther issue: "i was pretty confident about where i was born."
guess he never spoke to his grandmother who said he was born in kenya. democrats are good at creating false documents.
i won't deny, it is a funny front page.
how can they get away with putting that picture of her though? lmao they aged her by 2 decades
the understanding was that trump's event would be a presser. but media sitting six rows back, in roped off area. very hard to ask questions.
then idk, leave? should we feel bad for you? you all know the definition of insanity, yeah?
"it's still all day, we love em both" -
you gotta put on cruel winter bro
biggest advantage is some injuries on the right side of oak's o-line may allow the falcons to actually get pressure.
seems like once osemele switched from guard to left tackle, the raiders ol got better.
i'll show you out of memory win10! the game is afoot!
burton with a vengeance
film criticism. some people do it because they love movies. others do it because it's the last rung before getting kicked off to a 9-5 gig.
can't it be both!
i expecting alex trebek to pop out any second and push trump insurance policies in lure of the
appalling how stupidly these networks are being played by trump. these are lost ad revenues !
it's okay that you don't miss me.
lol i miss you too
novelty search with formulizer where it tries to generate images that look different to what it has created before.
cool! i once tried to modify my neat-cppn image evolver to incorporate novelty before but wasn't too impressed at my results.
"he looks at a gold star family and sees them as muslims, not patriotic americans." -hillary on trump
that man was an over arrogant asshole
did anybody genuine get tickets? this is ridiculous sold out 30 seconds after being on sale and being resold at hundreds.
other cities still have tickets on sale... dc and philly
illegal is still illegal. if no illegals odds become 0 to illegal, and you are slant odds by a lot ^..^
33% of us women murdered were killed by men they're intimate with. deport men?
been in communication about our new phone system for a month.
noone said for a digital product we need to purchase individual phone lines until we had phones in the office
email to bistrot.com 3 days ago still hasn't been returned. do you still do ayce dessert brunch bar?
we don't but we're launching a new in january. stay tuned!
but does. its always fine when hillary does something..
now you're getting into an objective source and distilling down to something worth talking about
i mean, just wait and if trump pauses for breath, say loudly, politely, and exhaustedly "you're lying"
hrc has been consistently dishonest since being kicked of watergate team,it's fun watching left panic now that polls shifted
would you please. stop. fucking. normalizing. this. deplorable. bullshit.
i just don't understand why the standard people are being held to is getting lower by the day... .
everyone not rich enough to fight back!
that's exactly right and as someone who works for small business owners it makes me sick.
does that incl teleporting over the time continuum? jump forward to november 9th when this election is over.
i thought about that but the time we have before nov 9 might well be the best, not the worst
accidentally got too comfortable during my driving class and stopped by the store and grabbed a tea
that's a boss move.
ok so who can come bring steph &amp; i food we will pay the monies
you *know* that if this was the 2013-2014 academic school year i would
this was just a nice reminder of high school and our polos
some things never change
if you're interested in matt lauer's excuse that triggered my issues it's in the comments here:
i was grumbling to myself for a bit over this one
i've been going to this school sense pre-k and these freaking teachers still can't pronounce my name right
i lived in a world where cali was apparently the pronunciation for kali
just research it or live with ur vote
you need to get out of that right-wing nut job bubble youre reading from
oh yeah that reminds me.. don't ever milly rock on stage again deem.
i had a microphone in my hand... i'm the sturdiest nigga in harlem
i still have 4-5 hours left of this car ride &amp; i'm already starting to feel car sick
shout out to my mom for being the real mvp &amp; getting me medicine
who are either desperate or "deplorable". i do like that hillary went there. needed to be said.
i agree. and i don't want her to back down.
suspect they're used to authors being...authory.
authors gonna auth, auth, auth, auth, auth.
this i did not know.
i have this running theory we've never heard andie mcdowell's voice. he lips almost never sync with what she's saying.
my new creativity candle
had to look up "bobos in paradise"
donald trump is unfit to be president. we just can't accept this. we've got to stand up to this. if we don't, it won't stop.
just because you are a habitual liar doesn't mean everyone is. i don't understnad why you have a lust for money and power
me right now in english class
me in every class, you can get through it!!! be strong!!!
as i lay in this hotel bed, sleepless since 4 am, the thought of being considered a success is ridiculous to the point of being grotesque.
being bad at sleeping does not preclude one from success.
this is going to be a tv show, right?
we don't have a tv deal yet but hoping to get one - stay on the lookout and thanks for following!
noone said for a digital product we need to purchase individual phone lines until we had phones in the office
and now we can't check voicemail, cannot receive specidic calls and only have a direct representative cuz i demand
next weekend, sixt will be giving every sixth customer a * rental! !
they should! they ripped so many of us off so they should be able to. watch out for the hidden catch. i don't use sixt anymore
if these guys really knew what they were talking about, they'd be vegas billionaires... story fodder
everybody's an expert.
for a breakup song the new calvin harris has remarkably good vibes (though lyrics really could use work)
he really needs to take a course from t. swift or alanis on the art of writing a diss track
lots of shops have plus sections online but then their physical stores have like, one rack. and it's all florals.
oh my god. seriously why are they all florals.
we have a deep ol. a lot of quality. even with watson/mccants out. austin howard is a good rt. no issue.
i agree. i hate to say it but i went into this season not expecting watson to last. somewhat expected
i hate when people look down upon music industry as a major, it may not require hours in the library but you have to work harder than most
sorry but the only real majors are stem field majors. gonna have to get used to the real world boy
iran is the godfather of modern terrorism. a reminder from
oblabla's iranian staffers &amp; pals are full of it. the islamic religion of war &amp; death created these terrorists.
we're gonna have 2 get ready for a trump presidency because the dnc screwed bernie over cuz he was gonna fuck up that cash flow. we did this
we get the world we deserve. we get the world we made. ahora chupate eso por cuatro aos.
trump would stay longer, but he's got hotels to open in brockway, ogdenville and north haverbrook.
in any case, i'm looking forward to jimmy fallon's "lip-synch battles" with putin and kim jong-un during november sweeps.
barack obama was born in america, plain and simple. donald trump owes him and the american people an apology.
obama is not going to get an apology from anyone for how he has behaved
good deal though
worth buying a snake good? or "omg succulents yayyy" good?
concrete floor damp testing with cmexii and moisture box.
we eliminated that test in usa as unreliable
white man telling black folks how to fight systemic racism. heelarious. photo credit:
he can have a seat with that bullshit lol
seen bernie stump for dems a few times in last week -- his most common anti-trump case is that "he believes climate change is a hoax."
his passion and enthusiastic support of hrc is inspiring. said no one.
talked to one of the managers of apple union square. you can preorder the iphone then bring it to the store to get into the upgrade program.
manager also said they release in store pickup inventory at 8am every day.
watching tv through the twitter app on apple tv was actually quite an amazing experience. they did a very good job with it.
... had no idea. what's the programming? videos posted to twitter? i'll try it out. one of those plays i never saw coming
trump: hillary clinton campaign started "birther issue... and i finished it."
pls pls wake me up from this dream.
just yesterday, trump again refused to say with his own words that the president was born in the united states.
he really probably wasn't
do any of the jurors appear to be actively taking notes throughout this trial in general?
none. they are all listening. and they seem, for the most part, to be paying attention. it got boring a couple days ago
meaningful conversations on twitter are responses to tweets. not just a like or retweeet. aka y'all better respond to my tweets!!
responding! so glad you are here!!
the uses of patriotism, via disgusting i couldn't read past counterproductive!!
didn't expect much from the times or their writers especially knowing the history of the paper
noone said for a digital product we need to purchase individual phone lines until we had phones in the office
every representative on the main number tells me something different so that i no longer believe what they tell me
anyone see if the specs on the new iphone 7's wi-fi chipset is mu-mimo capable?
it might be any way i can test it with a r710?
so trump starts with a falsehood, ends with paternalism. says hillary clinton "started bitherism and i finished it."
and america just collectively vomited.....
in need of a senior front end developer to help our client in grand rapids mi for a contract. advanced skills w/ angular &amp; bootstrap needed!
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
i always use feel like they treat the drivers better. plus my account was hacked &amp; they sucked at responding
i had an issue last week. csr response was horrible. previous issues were resolved with customer care in mind
you my nigga but you dont want that war, ya milly rock sus too
you dnt want this static...
doing research at library in brooklyn, librarian saw me reading and handed snappsy to me!
whoa, that's so funny and cool! you weren't wearing a temporary snappsy tattoo by any chance were you?
hi mitch, just unwrapped the test pressings for our 1st physical release!
congratulations pink! this is amazing news! i'm thrilled for you!
you will do fantastic tomorrow,jayme! rooting for you!
thanks, cindy!
i really like my new backpack... ...it's obsessive but not overbearing. drives the point home haha.
otoya would be flattered and proud.
fuck right the fuck off. as a jew i'm so fucking offended by this bs. enough is enough.
why do you hate yourself?
omg what song is this your cover is so good
thank you!!! its no other heart by mac demarco
i saw arizona grip tape on the arizona instagram skate page, is that coming out?
yup! they just came in, we're putting them up on later this afternoon!
reporters are yelling questions at him. he cannot hear them over the applause.
it's glorious!!!! is a closer!
its all coach's motivation talksif deep in his mind really thinks hornets are better team now, he needs reality checking
reality for him is mj.
what were the concerns?
see back in feb 2015:
merp i wanna go to bat shore bean and get that drink!!!
i have time are u working ?
media gets rick rolled again by donald. next, dt rolls ball of yarn across floor &amp; look, media go running.
give me a " sorry about that chief" lol
do any of the jurors appear to be actively taking notes throughout this trial in general?
but, despite some fidgeting, they were paying attention
so just found out my journal was thrown away in nevada..there's no feeling in the world to describe the desolation i feel inside my soul
noooo!!! that's so awful... i know it feels like a piece of you is missing right now... i'm sorry
francois-xavier bonnet on the role of the spratlys sea-lanes in disputes
interesting history. author's premiss flawed. controlled by air power. submarine scenario is fantasy.
what did i just watch?!
the equivalent of a drive by apology. could he have gotten off that stage faster? wow.
mostly because every video is by a professor with a horrifically thick alabama accent so it's impossible to hear what they say
foghorn leghorn presents: advanced calculus
my for my awareness would be for all concerned. awareness is the way out.
we have to at least try
stop making fun of otherwise shitty people for being abdl i guarantee i'm glaring at you harder
who said it ;p
how many times does trump have to scream at his rallies about how much he hates the press before the press believes him?
i think the press thinks that as long as he talks about them it's good for them. they're just like him.
it's darker in person. it's so nice. better than the jet black. i'm getting mine next weekend
lemme know if there's any bugs. i wanted to wait to get mine
what is it about men finding out you have options that makes them want to wife a woman?
everybody got options.
every representative on the main number tells me something different so that i no longer believe what they tell me
this is has been such a relentless and horrifying customer service experience
i always find it strange that some podcast listeners feel betrayed when you prefer one thing to another thing
or that all things deserve "equal" coverage, whatever that means
yes, i would like an answer to this myself!
i would also like some answers to this, why you're at it!
take it out the cart!! put it all back
lol i bought it all. it was food related though
for those of you with huge tests suites.
it's the small joys in life...
obama lost white voters by 20% to romney, yet his winning popular vote was majority white.
in other words, ignore corporate media polling. trump is doomed. he's going to wake nov 9 with eyes swollen &amp; his puffy face at his feet.
i was there, and they were the best slides i saw all day.
i have great slides, i have the best slides. many people are saying i make the best slides around. idk, something's going on here.
exclusive: brian france says nascar would like to add another manufacturer(speedonfox)
will dodge come back ? i helped build the first few funny cars - my first job as a kid - our tow rig
"you don't just deserve a seat at the table. it's past time you had a fair chance to run the meeting." -hillary to the black women's agenda
name one thing that you or obama has done to help the black community. i believe it would be nothing
india's names the flavor bible one of "5 of the best books out there":
it's the book that keeps on giving!
cnn expressing indignation that trump has apparently tricked them into giving him lots of free air time. how it's go again "fool me once...
indignation continues after the one-liner.
whoa, that's so funny and cool! you weren't wearing a temporary snappsy tattoo by any chance were you?
nope. apparently just lookin like a gal in need of a good alligator
any experience with this ?
sorry, i've never done stuff that deep with svg!
"ok so this is just like fear factor"
also i recognized his cologne by it's sent because isaac has the same one so thats pretty bad
east coast/west coast talk show war let's get it poppin
looking forward to jimmy fallon's "lip-synch battles" with putin and kim jong-un during november sweeps.
entire headline: "trump: obama was born in the us. period." entire event on tv: vets endorsing trump. no questions. masterful.
he just crushed it... playing his cards right now
breaking: trump admits obama born in u.s. but falsely blames clinton for starting rumors
how did you have this headline and story ready so quickly? you are doing g-d's work! go hillary!
the uses of patriotism, via disgusting i couldn't read past counterproductive!!
tell the writer to research the third verse and origins of song
once again, hillary lies.
trump said the 2008 clinton campaign brought up birtha,
lmfaooooooo post first date feels i'm hella savage to men at least i'm dumby straightforward lol
this is how i was for like six months and then my partner made me fall in love with them because i didn't have to compromise
it's not a tt problem. it's lack of depth across the team and coaching incompetence.
play after play woods, watkins, and especially clay were coming open. hard for me to think it is the coach...
yes, i would like an answer to this myself!
don't forget this!
you think tristan thompson, kyle lowry, paul milsap are all better than melo? what sport you watching
klay thompson not tristan
none of us would know...
i'm updating to ios10 now, on alyses wifi...
we get the world we deserve. we get the world we made. ahora chupate eso por cuatro aos.
bernie votes are on a scatterplot. theyre not flocking 2 any one direction. those are the people who just dont want the same thing
i write a news story bout , &amp; some trump fans start harassing my children online. some of those ppl truly are .
that's truly awful. i'm sincerely sorry to hear that.
rning blessed be this day the lord hath made
fear the that can cast one in2 for
"the good news is that my pneumonia finally got some republicans interested in women's health." -hillary
you didn't have pneumonia
anaheim! tix go on-sale for tonight's show at 10am pst! for details and links.
donna take me by the hand, we're gonna see a punk rock band
tune in to today w (hi !)
whats better than a from danny !
that was absolutely shameful and offered zero explanation for anything
trump must be imprisoned for hate speech.
exporting updated assets while running a second instance and doing more work :p
i've been beating my head against maya for 2.5 weeks now just trying to make basic modular walls... d: is calling me... :)
set up google classroom! can't wait to start using it!
you're going to love google classroom!
about to drop a few hundred on supplements next week why can't they be cheap
yooooo come in next weekend when i'm working, buy some supps from ya girl, get me that commission
i think john candy was cast to play the role of that humanoid bear
that makes more sense
that i find a little disrespectful, having family and friends fighting and dying for america. but that's just my opinion
i do as well, but i think that's your interpretation. because it doesn't seem as though they are against america or military
this is disgusting. nothing cute about it. didn't wanna rt it onto my tl but i had to let y'all know i hate this.
dead not a domestic animal
if i can ever make an album 1/5 as good as the mollusk by ween i'll be happy.
yo holy shit i've been listening to this non stop lately
now you know how we feel when brit writers have american characters call it "hospital" instead of "the hospital."
well we americans call soleless demons "gingers" now, so there is some cross pollination
the american experiment is over.
"muh constitution" fails when the new arrivals wouldn't know what a constitution was if it bit them in the ass.
i can't see whatever this is...
instead of it's
i am not the one to play with. you cannot out ignore me
i'm a professional. phd in you do not exist lol
well, this is bullshit.
what is the max?
why does my mind think like this?
like where did that come from. i just references pablo picasso, petey pablo, pablo escobar and kanye west in 7 words.
this isn't over for me.
trump lied when he said hrc started birtherism in 2008. she may have been soft on it then, but an illinois man started it in 2004.
exclusive: brian france says nascar would like to add another manufacturer(speedonfox)
- i started when i was 15 riding my bike up sepulveda bl. heard a great sounding engine. said hello to dick landy - worked it.
watch hillary speak live at the black women's agenda symposium:
i don't think so. hillary is nothing but a complete idiot who sold america to the highest bidder
welcome to the winning team
i'm not ready for this accountability
that's it?!! what a fucking fraud. and trump walks away from the mic, claiming to having finished the birther issue? what an asshole.
&amp;michael flynn takes over the mic as trump ignores ?s from reporters&amp;they shut down the event. must ask abt this on 9/26.
i hope you can get the deal i'm sure you'll have the larries' support cause we all live this
that's great to hear - we want your support!
i cycle between ipad and iphone. the higher buttons are nice! horizontal social buttons aren't. hard to adjust.
ya, there social pings probably need more love.
hard to tell. it never seems to come up...
of course they know. but it's not his "patriotism" that appeals to them.
gained 10 followers and lost 5 (stats by
thank you to all of the new followers. indeed grateful to you. god bless and have a great friday
donald trump: "president barack obama was born in the united states. period."
wow, thanks for clearing that up, dt!
so what's everyone thinking for lunch?
go! go! curry
it's absolutely insane that donald trump is acting like being a birther was actually him being nice and helpful to obama. how.
it's bizarro world - it's orwell defined
donald trump just got cable news to air 25 minutes of veterans praising him
and this...isn't new. don't headline it like they didn't know what they were getting into.
i'm so in love with it i wrote them a love letter
arielle!! i'm going to cry on this letter.
remember, it's not enough to include patients as a placeholder. talk to us. value our experiences.
": remember, it's not enough to include patients as a placeholder. talk to us. value our experiences. "well said, nisha
well not everyone does black all year round like you
maybe they should, that's all i'm sayin
trump is now taking cameras with him on a tour of the hotel. unbelievable.
trump needs to be sent to prison for hate speech.
to be fair i think they stopped doing that when enough people complained. but they were super reluctant to do it at first
we worked with them and github archive to set standards for privacy. they were happy to follow our guidance.
the uses of patriotism, via disgusting i couldn't read past counterproductive!!
white guys love telling us dark people what we should do it and how we should do it and create our narrative for us foh
nope. apparently just lookin like a gal in need of a good alligator
that's nuts! can you get librarian's contact info? i'll send them a thank you card!
that i find a little disrespectful, having family and friends fighting and dying for america. but that's just my opinion
you can love your country but still be able to acknowledge it's flaws and notice what can be improved
i have to wait until i get paid to get 2k because i never preoreded it . i hate myself so much.
now i have to get the original one and buy 100,000 vc on the side. fuuuuuck meeeee.
i don't even know no tough light skin niggas.
lol chilllllllllll.
also, european transport vehicles designed to actually look aesthetic, not like roving graffiti canvases spewing soot.
note also don't add useless macho noses, and sides of many of the 'box' parts are heavy canvas for convenient loading/unloading
starting off week 1 with ten +2.5, bal -3, sf +2.5 cc:
week 2 after a 2-1 start. keep the big mo going with was -3, jax +3, sea -6.5
just in: donald trump, who long trumpeted obama birth conspiracy theories, now says pres. obama "was born in the united states. period."
hahaha this guy is unbelievable. i am rubber you are glue.... dying!! best comedian ever
i can't even right now.
i know right? i also wonder how much $$ hotel is charging trump campaign for use of his own hotel today
me when american horror story comes back
this was me during season 1 and 2 ok
we made it to friday, fam. show us what sneakers you're rocking today.
b&amp;w nmd's aye aye
from fireside. please
you at titi sheila's, kiaras or home ?
why my hair slicked back like that
the corn man ? wtf
where are the men who put their children first, that is willing to go above and beyond to make you feel special, and hold you at night?
right here love :0
it is indeed! especially if what you're doing are voxel-esque models :p
i got a lot of critique on my ks and most of it was "ditch the voxels". mine aren't as elegant as yours. heh. we'll see. :)
'barack obama was born in the united states. look at the gold toilets in my hotel. these are fantastic gold toilets.'
trump should be fined $6 million for hate speech.
bernie votes are on a scatterplot. theyre not flocking 2 any one direction. those are the people who just dont want the same thing
we had a clinton and a bush in this election...we let them choose dynasties for us like this is a parliament.
these tweets about this trump event are hilarious. the media let itself get played over and over and this is like a capper.
that these reporters were up for treating trump supposedly repudiating birtherism like meaningful news should embarrass them all
i would love to do all of the gem social media when this reunion happens! xx
please do! i'm a big supporter of whatever project the girls get involved in.
exclusive: brian france says nascar would like to add another manufacturer(speedonfox)
i always respected you and loved your outlook, and your workout regimen. wow. you are a great patriot and enjoy seeing you .
it's hers lmao it's so cute
loooool it is so cute you would roast me if that was me on snap
president obama's successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. period.
this is about the fifth time you have mentioned this. i don't even think was born here
i think it's closer to 12 blocks but point taken
you be my eye in the sky; i'll be at ground zero!
yes, i would like an answer to this myself!
does any1 care about this? maybe u all need 2 go this way!
only civilized america vomited, trump supporters are cheering
so now they'll change their beliefs because the grand poo bah *lies* and says it's so? deplorable.
discovering it's absolutely impossible to write about pine barrens without subconsciously (and hopelessly) trying sound like john mcphee.
it is like you left nj when you enter pine barrens
more: trump says "president obama was born in the united states. period."
ffs, that's your headline???
i think you played a small part too! congrats!!
a huge part! that's why she got to saber champagne
every time iphone comes out, everyone is disappointed and then they buy it anyway.
sure , this will continue. i'm seeing that what was a black/white msft/appl decision now has become more grey for many.
birther: trump event goes on live cable tv for over 20 minutes and then says, very briefly, that obama was born in the usa
i want obama to call bruce and approve the use of "born in the usa" at every appearance he does for hillary.
what did i miss
they just showed 20 mins of trump being praised because he said he'd address the birther issue.
accidentally got into a welfare debate with my friend and he stopped responding so i think i pissed him off
it's much easier dealing with friends who yell instead of giving the silent treatment.
the human toll of the philippines' war on drugs
killing all drug dealers will save millions of lives and families. bravo for taking a stand!
trump just aired free 30 min endorsement from veterans at his new hotel to falsely say clinton started his conspiracy theory about president
no. the press did. you all allowed him to do exactly what you knew he would do.
looking forward to your challenge
right? this feels very up our alley re and precision public health
is that even possible??
i don't plan on trying to find out!
he was talking about jhene aiko, now that's everyone's girl
bino hit it first
coming from the woman who used laugh while brutally humiliating women with "curves" (biggest loser), this is rich
is there truth to this?
immigrants aren't somehow changing the american character; immigrants are the american character.
muslim immigrants are your fantasy world
that i find a little disrespectful, having family and friends fighting and dying for america. but that's just my opinion
black lives matter doesn't mean police, military, white, asian, brown, etc. lives don't matter
friend our fb acct and we let you in, it's that easy!
i'm in now!
trump doubled down on lie-filled statement from his campaign last night &amp; took no responsibility for his bigoted attacks on our president
i am so angry that he came out right now for 10 words and blamed it on hrc
i actually think this might have been the final straw for many in the media - they're tired of being played for fools by trump.
one can wish.
" i fuckin love you, girl " kiss kiss hug hug ...welcome
that's mousetastic
why should taxpayer fund this anymore? join the unmissable tonight with arnab goswami
is it true this bad sounding hash tag but reflect reality?
are u too young to be a dad at 26 tell me wikihow
don't think so, i have a cousin who was a dad at like 25 i think
wtf is going on? i'm just getting online for the first time today
trump billed a press conference to talk about birther issues. conference doesn't start till an hour later. 30 mins of ppl
discussing this today.
any live viewing feed?
sure , this will continue. i'm seeing that what was a black/white msft/appl decision now has become more grey for many.
outlook, surface are good mobile products by now imo
found the school that zakiyah works at &amp; i'm getting her fired. im sending videos of her actions on tv via email &amp; in person
what did she do that was so bad to warrant this? ive only seen her thirst after some d &amp; throw away some cookies...wth!
john king: "we just got played. we just got played. and voters can decide what to make of that."
it's the truth - news organizations have a responsibility to work smarter. trump is wily but a known entity
why is this rambling trump event being cover in total? this is what ppl are talking abt. this is not "earned" media bc it's not newsworthy...
i am so angry at him right now.
trump: hillary clinton campaign started "birther issue... and i finished it."
please don't give trump air time. he made a fool of the media
hillary started the birther issue but trump finished it: obama you are officially born in america, congratulations.
fuck trump and his bs,,,you are all scumbags
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
just do what you
damn, that's the realest thing i've ever heard.
that is an awesome way to look at it o_o
would be much better if they focused on those in 200%-400% who get small subsidies - not those who get none.
well, they're rolled together in that se. &amp; do we know takeup among &gt;400% fpl?
immigrants aren't somehow changing the american character; immigrants are the american character.
you are the very worst president america has eveer had
wtf is going on? i'm just getting online for the first time today
endorsing trump as the introduction and then 45 seconds of trump saying that obama was born in the us...after he lied and said
the campaign is not letting a reporter come along for the hotel tour. just cameras. i wonder why!
photog for 38 years... we are reporters.
today is my driving test! and im gonna do great but im a but nervous! i got this!!!
good luck! kick that road's ass :v
since the dawn of time, humans have been hacking life
time: the original life hack
wtf is going on? i'm just getting online for the first time today
that hillary started the rumors. the journalists are all pissed off, i'm pissed off...i hate trump so much.
donald trump: "president barack obama was born in the united states. period."
this is just a circus. so trump is announcing what everyone has known forever? this is what the media calls news?
i'm just suggesting there are other ways or days they could have done it. maybe a week of all black or something?
i can see that as well, because it can be easily misinterpreted on america day.
any reading you could recommend me about game design? :)
a book of lenses is pretty great reading for designers looking to improve their game.
thank you guys for your time and enthusiasm! it was way relaxed and fun! x
happy to tell you that i'm voting for in the elections
is this sorority rush? like, what??
i prefer to think of it as a slutty co-ed fraternity
remember: trump, the birther-in-chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records.
you started the birthed movement in 2008 lest you forget.
new clinton campaign video: "birther"
she is only trying to win back her base. we need to start spelling desperate with an -hrc
to the average voter, this will make media questions about trump's "past birtherism" look hysterical and pointless.
trump is a hate monger who belongs in prison for his hate speech.
as of now we are closed due to the weather. will update if we decide to open!
will you be open today (friday)
...but then, imagine how richard dawkins feels about "meme."
i find one of the worst bits of culture to be the misuse of "meme". it is such a helpful concept!!!
everybody thinks they're the good guy. very few people wake up in the morning and say "i'm really excited to be evil today"
i do , not gonna lie. but you knew that.
why should taxpayer fund this anymore? join the unmissable tonight with arnab goswami
is it true this bad sounding hash tag but reflect reality - is trending?
yep our media is totally hoodwinked when it come to trump.. 36 hours of media anticipation for dr oz wtf -over
it's a show -- it's the kardashians on the national - global stage. news organizations must be smarter!
ok i have literally been through every person on tinder.
same. it sucks.
are all the nets still live on this? curious.
no! the clintonnewsnetwork just insulted pow/mia recognition day! was a huge snark when vets are the message! sad!
i don't need a gun to feel safe. i have a brain, common sense, &amp; live in a peaceful civil society w/ rule of law.
thank you! thank you! where do these people go or not go. i've been in dicey situations and still got out alive sans gun.
hell yeah when can you?
we were like two ships passing in there night :/
thats what wants to get
it's awesome. highly recommend (based on my 5 min with it).
. calls 's event a "political rick roll"
it was glorious!!!
i got my nycc pass!!! this guy has gotta get some autographs!!! lol
i got mine the other day. fingers crossed i get into panel at msg.
explain how dr. jill stein doesn't make it 100x better. read her platform. check her integrity.
uh, because she cannot win and at best she can get enough votes to elect trump...
so just found out my journal was thrown away in nevada..there's no feeling in the world to describe the desolation i feel inside my soul
who threw it away? why would someone do that? that's so horrible
i literally skipped class bc i found out my school had a pho building station and had to go try it....
update: no ragrets bc it was 100% worth it
discussing this today.
in mountain view? or one of the other campuses?
trump in dc: "hillary clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy. i finished it. i finished it. you know what i mean."
epic trolling of the media our great leader taking it to the next level!
pablo had me dying
pablo ain't shit he knew it was over
today, the breaking news is that gop presidential nominee has decided that our first african american president is a legitimate president.
how does his base take this? because they do not agree.
this is where we're at as a country: it's news when a presidential candidate admits the president of the us is american.
donald trump is a national disgrace. this election is beyond embarrassing.
why multi-window(split screen) on android n doesn't work anymore in last version? on previous it worked...
still ironing out a couple of bugs. will be back soon
god speed bro
...thank you my great brother
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
she's on the ropes ignore what she says now trust me stick to the issues in the bag
you are everything- and even less- than you attack for being. disgusting.
stick to painting.
orlando metro jobless rate drops to 4.4 percent(orlando news)
my passion has been sailing and ocean racing - thats me driving with the crew on a x-41 yacht -
haha no worries! have a great time if you got tickets!
thank you!!
can i please order this new kd on the block shirt in men's type shirt?
let me get back to you on this, hang tight!
doing is one thing, doing it right is a whole different story
that line is such a fact !!
thoughts with you
..thank you great brother
you should have stopped at 19th ave liquors for some coffee.
we used to buy booze their back in the day! that store hasn't changed in years
ya think? get all cable stations to tune in the birther tease -- to air a veteran-endorsement campaign commercial!
fellow intro'ing generals reads preamble to constitution it's the oath the miltary and trump will take on 1/20/17. not so.
yasss ! take all my money! so excited!
so exciting! we can't wait for you to experience 's food!
i dont know how i had the strength to do my make up..
cause you're queen that's how
to jo bro + actor, ! 24 has never looked so good.
i've could of told you that
prayers for you
...thank you my great brother
pumped to represent team usa! retweet to win a trip to the ryder cup from !! rules:
proud that you will.
watching the coverage on cnn now, it feels like they're done playing ball with trump
pretty late in the day, though. at least they didn't wait until november.
in my free time i enjoy adding fingers to touch id.
did your pinky, for those times your hands are full of ketchup when you eat ,
happy birthday to me and my amazing ladies
happyyy birthday linds!!
i actually think this might have been the final straw for many in the media - they're tired of being played for fools by trump.
i hope you're right about that. that was my first instinct too. but then i came back to... nah, it will keep happening.
donald trump still refuses to say was born in america. and this man wants to be our president? when will he stop this ugliness?
how many times are you going to run with this. it is stupid o your part. obama is a jerk and stupid
that's nuts! can you get librarian's contact info? i'll send them a thank you card!
i'll try to find him! we just had a fire drill and had to go outside (can't make this up, folks)
best of luck to you man.
...thank you my good brother !
oh what the fuck. appalling.
he got half an hour of free tv time. what the actual hell. media are pissed off that he rickrolled them.
i have notifications enabled for actual breaking news, aka "hey the entire world is on fire", not this crap.
if journalists actually acted like journalists, trump wouldn't even be in this position. this election is a macabre circus
despite what donald trump may say, immigrants are not rapists and criminals.
but lots of them are
. wait...what? another giants loss?
much worse...
nasty!! these hotels were caught for not changing their sheets
nasty mothaf--kas!
i've always wanted to get magnets printed that say 'i drove in the bike lane' or 'i parked in a bike lane' 'i almost hit a cyclist
stickers though - the cheap kind that tear and leave adhesive when you try to remove them.
trump finally dropped his unfounded doubts about obama's qualifications: "president barack obama was born in the united states. period."
um, but he lied in the process if doing so
totally on our (somewhat lengthy) tbr list!
i'll have to send pixies over to move it to top of your tbr list. happy reading!
you're so kind to share !! thank you for all that you do!
you have a good blog, reina. have a great day
please satan....let lane be ok.
...repent of this sin you just committed
a complete guide to new york comic con next month:
and midtown comics isn't selling tickets. there's no event planned for that
i thought she did but re-read her response to criticism &amp; was ok w it. a 60 yr old was punched at a trump event ffs.
yes, i think she has just tried to clarify, not retract. we know who she meant.
no! it isn't breaking news when donald trump finally acknowledges a fact.
it is when refuses to get questioned over his statement
psst. vendors. you want me to beta test a thing? i might, given enough interest/incentive. but when you basically demand i beta test 1/
have you been reading my emails / listening to my voicemail?
pt 2 next summer !!
that will be my cause of death
just want to go to to see but i'm poor.
check out they are hosting a ticket giveaway!
sorry for any delay. can you please provide us with your username? we'd be happy to help.
i just dm'd you! thanks again for the quick response!
i hope im not coming off like i dont care about those who passed in the twin towers on 9/11...
i felt this way but it's not true! i just don't want more people to die and also am prone to being so paranoid abt the gov tbh.
fast hands and silk shirts ep2??
..it was recorded wednesday, our engineer said it should be up today
i'll just stick with the ipad mini. care to explain how right side had an advantage though? was limited on time to test
it forced much more single-thumb dexterity when using skill shot heroes coming from the left side of three screen.
note: to programmers, promoters, managers, companies, we do accept some ads on . email me for rates
less and less boxing is covered in newspapers. internet provides most coverage. run by someone with 20 years in real journalism!
i really liked the feature where the abilities and items were on the side like in the early pbe...no idea why it got removed.
it forced much more single-thumb dexterity when using skill shot heroes coming from the left side of three screen.
i'll look for you there! (we're doing a workshop tue in baltimore3)
what is the workshop on? looking forward to seeing you!
now trump appears to be refusing to acknowledge reporters' questions at what he billed as a _news_ conference.
it's not a "news conference," it's the aristocrats!
second update: that did not work. skedaddled without taking questions.
the dear leader doesn't take being challenged well
then she needs to stop claiming she's trying to redeem herself or being fucked over by editing &amp; just lean into being a villain
it's not villainous to treat your fellow queens as competitors
last year i got a short haircut and started wearing glasses before spx and exacly no people recognized me.
look at that cute turtle.
despite what donald trump may say, immigrants are not rapists and criminals.
what can get thru your horrible brain that americans, who own the usa, don't want them here.
on aug. 26, 2016, eyad hamid, 37, was shot in the back by iof as he was leaving the area.
ombomb nobel from hell mass murder baby killer pillager bush on steroid unaccountable
what about lincoln's log cabin?
i visited it when i was in kentucky, and learned only after i got there that it turned out it isn't his actual cabin.
the fact that we pulled off this night going really well even after all this says a lot about us
we both decided to not get high before the horror movie together, and then we both show up to the movie high
going to a 70s themed party for the get down tonght. i can't wait to be shitfaced and having the time of my life w a disco soundtrack lmao
my afro finna be poppin
the average cost of being raped to a woman in the us is more than $150k. watch (now on itunes)
perhaps it's time to start levying a fine, of course appropriate incarceration would probably help
trying out vertical parallax for ai chambers.
hey, looks incredible! if you're in need of chip music and/or sfx i'd be honored
i just think we need to put in perspective the fact that people are still dying ---
because of one horrible tragedy we are still killing people and yeah we deff out killed their people so like now what, victory?
the writing put me off in the matt smith times. seemed like it was trying to be "hard" sci-fi when it's really just a kids show.
exactly. it turned especially bad since the latest companion... it still had some charm before that.
this is very exciting news
its called company its p lit. not her best but still p good.
aw, that's a shame. it is a deceptively difficult style to get right. but like any form it takes practice :)
i tried to keep my resolution low so i wouldn't be tempted to have bevels everywhere. struck out. heh. :) may go back.
you should have stopped at 19th ave liquors for some coffee.
man, i'd love to do "traffic podcast" breaking down all worst bay hot spots &amp; if there's any alleviation/solution
i think about wearing heels to work then i remember it takes me 12 minutes to walk to my car.....
walked 20 minutes to the subway this morning &amp; gonna do it again on the way home
music, nearly asleep :)
music here as well
i do think that the hold finger on the map setting is a bit too long? that might just be me though...
thx for the feedback
realization he'd have to deal with it in debates where he couldn't control his message...
that won't happened because gloria's question needs to be answered. it will come up.
no, hillary clinton did not start the 'birther' movement via
i am so angry at him and the media right now
you know as well as anyone that's never gonna happen!
support the nominee
"i intend to close my campaign the way i began my career: fighting for kids and families..it will be the passion of my presidency." -hillary
lying and cheating
how is that new sidewalk ordinance being implemented? asking for a pedestrian...
we are checking on this. can you let us know what intersection this is located at?
birther issue is so old news, just like hillary clinton
because you're not a real journalist, you're a liberal shill. bigger problems and this is what you push.
man shot in new york after 'slashing officer with meat cleaver'
crazy people
plus, app also pulls in featured vines and periscopes
that's super interesting. hadn't heard about the live tv deals. i'll check it out!
there is no violence at hillary's rallies. all the violence is at trump's rallies and trump is a violent sick man that needs help
this is the last comment on the topic-i have been at rallies that hillary supporters with hillary paraphernalia on them, have
i really want this sakura ahhhh
the good gothloli aeshetic
i join millions of decent americans in saying that i will never forgive for .
nice try, will you forgive
i find one of the worst bits of culture to be the misuse of "meme". it is such a helpful concept!!!
full idiocarcy will be achived when face becomes a "meme" with flashy colors and hackneyed joke.
no, how about we go back to chain letters, and just send randomness to strangers through usps or postal
isn't that basically twitter anyway? :p
ever noticed how andy serkis is always unavailable during production of an andie mcdowell film?
your ideas intrigue me and i would like to subscribe to your newsletter.
she's the one that wants to bring in a bunch of rapists and child molesters. not i.
you are a hopeless bigoted tool lol
fyi, realized you can still do star ratings in third party music apps like cesium.
sweet, i was wondering if there was a third party solution. thanks!
trump did not respond to questions about why he's changed his mind now, or why it took him so long to say obama was born in the us.
complete media meltdown because they were played again! hrc didn't give medal of valor winners that much air time.
i want foundation that feels like nothing on my skin. do they make that?
i use laura mercier. it's as close as i've found.
who's your library hero?
. mine is , for remembering that kids can be loud and that's okay.
hey grrrl, where can i get one?!
i'll drop one in the mail. but ideally, i'd love to see you guys!
it sounds cheesy but i was in tears listening to it. i don't think i knew what to expect with it, i was just blown away
i'm going to miss you at the shows
thread of all the mean stuff that says to me
"do you think youre a sweet potato? cause youre not sweet at all"
um, i learnt basic programming at school 20+ years ago and now my 11-yo has started as a matter of course. it's not rocket surgery.
. um, i can program the full stack. ease (or lack thereof) has nothing to do with whether or not it is a useful endeavor for people
speaker gift at was to have a star named after me. great idea tho i feel bad for the star having such a boring german name.
shout out to the team for such a thoughtful and on-point gift!
trump said he believes obama was born in us but didn't explain why he changed his mind. has been no new evidence since '11 birth certificate
his campaign made him say it.
he also sprinkled it with puritan history.. really!!! sociopaths
these guys don't matter
how long are you out in nyc?
til monday morning!
i am reading along with some very good writers at this event this sunday at 7. come say hi!
i will now shamelessly reshare what i wrote for the
hard to tell. it never seems to come up...
don't care, as long as they can keep a woman out of the white house.
watch msnbc in 2011: saying hillary clinton started the birther movement.
good news. you no longer have to defend trump's birther idiocy. you can stop blaming clinton for trump's five years of bigotry
your push notif abt "please refrigerate or consume the food upon arrival" when an order is accepted seems really weird cc
is that some kind of lawyer-imposed thing that you're required to do?
hillary's live at . tune in to hear about her vision for an inclusive america.
why as you are adopting all of obama failing should have never endorsed obama as he is a fail
the wrong camargue went in to production
full disclosure: i like that one too
idk what's the normal age for someone to be a dad i live under a rock
it's okay my friend, i'm the same way
what state are you located? is this in reference to fios or cellular? ^acm
nyc fios business
condolences as we think of our own stapler cemetery over at the gc library.
thanks. it's a daily struggle.
today i'll be on proudly celebrating teachers and students, and discussing the social experiment i did w/ .
you're a wonderful man, excellent educator and real easy on the eyes...
for me, the swipe from top to bottom for social feels right, right to left on iphone is awkward.
ya, vertical causes issues with the active items now there. created miss taps on items when you just wanted to smile.
love you too beccs aye remember "can you get rebecca please" lmao
i was like ew who
as bad as donald trump would be for america, it would probably be the best thing for the us.
you are sick buddy&gt; where is your brain. he will destroy this country. every country is laughing at us because of him
no one asked you to think either and yet you continue to show your ignorance.
you're a support network for delusional idiots who create a danger to public safety &amp; law enforcement. carry on egg
email rendering - specifically text size in certain emails - regressed in ios 10. many emails displaying a font that's unreadably small.
the way mail displays long email chains is also confusing and messy.
lil baby tate!!!!!! how long we been following each other!? it took you this long to notice :(
i've never seen pictures of you! only your avi
even manzoni's death was conceptual art
he was a character, i remember a exhibit spanning 40 years of post-war italy (of course manzoni got some attention).
obama orders refugees resettled over governors' objections
- i told everyone obama was a dangerous man 8 yrs ago do you hear me now. stop this madman
lots of excitement waiting in line for !
i will never understand this, it's not like it's some limited release
there is no violence at hillary's rallies. all the violence is at trump's rallies and trump is a violent sick man that needs help
" there is no violence at hillary's rallies." because trump supporters for the most part don't take part in it. end of story
even cool dog?
somebody worked hard to make him the coolest dog of all... and somewhere (presumably) someone likes it.
do majority of americans want the next president talking about old birtherism or current threats from enemies abroad? you know the answer
talking to a wall. he doesn't care about real problems.
did something change a few patches ago? dropdown/swipe were one fluid motion, lately a longer press required
nope, no change
who r u liking the party hardy life of my hood
no it's bc everyone in dis house be snorin hella loud
that's nuts! can you get librarian's contact info? i'll send them a thank you card!
ok fire drill over. lol. librarian is paul, it's cobble hill branch on clinton street!
man, i'd love to do "traffic podcast" breaking down all worst bay hot spots &amp; if there's any alleviation/solution
last night i went to palo alto at 6:30pm from sf i didn't get back home til almost 10pm - 101/280/92 were packed
being offered julio and miller for brown and foster
if this is dynasty i would not give up the best player in fantasy by far. seasonal league yes
a friend just said: "donald trump: kiss my entire black american a$$" yep, that's exactly what a friend just said.
that could also have been said by "the man in the mirror." lol
i will now tell you a story about why it is not always a good idea to send someone a book for blurbing without asking them first.
1. someone sent a book to my nyc address without contacting me/my editor/my agent first so i have no idea to keep an eye out for it
this is a breaking news item in 2016. what a great election!
no questions taken from press, 1 line, that's it, &amp; he lied when he said hrc started it. it originated in 2004 in illinois
stop yelling i can read small cap too
give up on and my caps locks will come off !!
we made it to friday, fam. show us what sneakers you're rocking today.
khaki tisci his
trump's first state of the union address will be an extended advertisement for his golf courses.
and fallon will mc the inaugural ball.
i love my tea without sugar
need some sugar in my life lol
i'm very good in bed - can stay there 15 hours straight no problem
i'm better in bed, but i have yrs. of practice. i stay 24 hours. got laptop, cats, &amp; cable. want to trade bodies?
stop wearing dresses and heels to school you go to sfc not fit bitch
wow sounds just like my tweet crazy
see u next month
lesha what the cu k idnckskd uure gojng
i wanna not care about politics and that's so easy to do when u have money &amp; are straight &amp; white &amp; christian, but it's so bad to not care
anyway someone kill me have a good day bye
see u next month
youre goighfnd
in '08 whan hillary supporters claimed that obama wasn't born in america, why didn't she call her supporters a basket of deplorables???
maybe it was because the only ones who did so were fringe supporters who did so after she endorsed obama.
i'll introduce you to the king of dreams via :
honoured to be in his company
i'm glad that 's little game backfired. i'm finally enjoying to hear some discussion on . using the military too is just sick!
you have more faith than i do that it'll backfire. i hope you're right.
the "white santa cruz teenager" starter pack
honestly my favorite picture on the internet atm
i think grubman is coming to tell oakland it's now or never. city has had years and years to assemble a plan. nada.
you're a fool if you believe that
hillary clinton did not start birtherism. that's an outright falsehood. this was an unfounded right wing conspiracy theory.
but what happened to the bs 'investigators' who found things "we would not believe"?
vegas bound to celebrate my sweet friend's last girls trip before getting ! has you covered on qp.
yoga pants and a tito's and oj?
if trump loses it's his fault.if clinton loses it's her fault. partisans quit whining about the media, &amp; hold your own candidate accountable
how to be polite when someone is talking like an idiot- media gave trump a billion in free air time this yr- you are to blame
still heating up miami
you enter a room i'm in like that, i may need revival. you carry smelling salts, right?
you tryna get the works in the new 2k? i already got it
don't make me come through and destroy you
my aunt asked me to be her marketing team for her day spa. but i declined.
if she need a commercial hit me up lol
i was watching the live for stream for a bit. dope ass setup you guys had.
that was on our end streaming from a bassment is no bueno
just waiting on copy
what is this sadness?
non fairfax employed, but am holier than thou (so i suppose "fairfax type"), and tbh that list sounds pretty good.
you do resemble that remark
1. someone sent a book to my nyc address without contacting me/my editor/my agent first so i have no idea to keep an eye out for it
2. i just picked up mail after 3 months so it's been sitting there this whole time gathering dust and now it is impossibly short deadline
it's a graveyard in here, folks. won't anyone make a stapler that can survive a college...
can you help us? make a stapler that will hold up to college students!
well that was a clusterfuck for the trump campaign
sure, but he'll probably gain a point in florida because hillary coughed.
how will they come back as a luxury?
people still love and will love human touch, originality; these products will be a luxury as digital economy is destroying em
the birther movement started by a anonymous email from a clinton supporter. (oops i think i know a anonymous person who is good with emails)
that did not start a movement. don't you know what a movement is?
years and years? well kind of, but 38 is more then years and years. i call it decades mark.
ricky stick to one fucking twitter account stop switching
i'm so over it omg, like this is all getting ridiculous and taking the fun out of the game
i don't mind fighting the ninjas but it's pointless to do that and fight punisher. i don't even like iron fist or punisher
it's a bit north of lake george! :)
nope! maybe one day
with brees waiting, cruz &amp; norman war of words needs to take a backseat this week
cruz needs to shut up &amp; keep that man's name out his mouth.
i've been sitting in this toilet for 45 mins
my breakfast did the same to me dogg. i'm on my way to the toilet rn
because it was ny fashion week, i'll posting designs and dresses from the event.
carolina herrera at new york fashion week spring 2017
2. i just picked up mail after 3 months so it's been sitting there this whole time gathering dust and now it is impossibly short deadline
3. i also have no room in my suitcase for it, so it's getting left behind in hotel room. :(
we can't wait!!!!!
me neither!
been that time of year!!
my field is still cookin brother
not 100% confident enough to press any of the buttons on the bottom
trust me bzgrill, will not make you press any of those, just purely enjoy it! haha
trump's claim that clinton started the controversy is false. you can read more here &amp; here
incorrect. research mark penn, 2007 chief clinton strategist.
there is no memory hole, folks.
but there sure is a big ass hole....
im so excited
im counting down the damn seconds
this is a perfectly normal media event perfectly. normal.
have close exprnc w/this type. gov bebe had2 help &amp; it reached state supreme court
one thing you can't convincingly be right now is shocked. i vote for everyone calmly reporting that trump lied, then moving on.
i'm shocked that he managed to walk off the stage rather than droning on for an hour.
all good tho
it was fun tho
donald trump: "president barack obama was born in the united states. period."
you guys got played like children. who ever made that decision to let that go on for a half hour should be re assigned
so i stepped out of class for a minute because i needed to help some mba kids w/math but i came back to my classroom bc they didn't need me
anymore but my teacher left her classroom and i don't have a key to her room so i am stuck outside. i look like i'm a kid who got in trouble
dear liberals, birther row began with hillary clinton supporters -
question where is the original, i am 56 and my birth certificate should look 56 years old?
update: fled. i yelled "where are the details of your charitable donations!" at volume of man warning of volcanic eruption.
. is going to win a well-deserved pulitzer prize for his reporting on 's financials.
if you have to work on vacation, a view like this helps! thanks for sharing your office for the day
missing my summer away from home amazing stay
gotta get off this endless cycle of streaming too much and not waking up in time to stream.
at least you can say you have developed a committed routine. that's difficult in itself.
beautiful friday!!!! salute
thank the lor, for a good friday, thank you jesus!
we've got a feeling you won't leave disappointed! keep us in mind, okay?!
i most definitely will :)
what? i cannot. he's the one who started it. wow.
he didn't just start it, he's kept the questions going for five years since obama produced the birth certificate
how about giving unselled items to homeless people at instead of throwing them in the rubbish?
please email feedback.com with your concerns. thank you!
- top engaged members this week :) (free insight by
how's your morning going!
ok now i'm confused lol
let's start over. hi chloe !!! how's your day going ?
by "network news" you refer to media neutrality. by the way, washington post confirmed hillary started obama birtherism.
no, they didn't.
ok guys, and i challenge you for the best photo caption on here! be creative
for sure that is photo shopped. it can't possibly look that good!
just listened to a woman break up with her boyfriend over the phone while on the toilet ama
who's fault did she say it was?
5 minutes of xbox, 5 minutes of sony, 5 minutes of nintendo, 5 minutes of computer games. is that how producing a show works?
unfortunately, like broadcasters, we podcasters are bound to the equal-time rule
i love college football too, but how can penn state honor a coach who covered up child abuse for 30+ years? come on.
so torn on this issue. my mother was born 20 years and a month before joe pa started coaching nearly down the street from stad
up early or still up?
!mama iggy! i was up! can't sleep! insomnia attack
updated the docks
similar to my urban scene for cie, though i hadn't gotten as far. my brain broke trying to figure out integrating a skybox. :)
i have actual tickets to voodoo fest so let's please hang out down there
we'll be hangin!
famed silicon valley camera store closing due to ... well, you can probably guess the reasons
but you're reading this on some kind of physical, paper product?
lol first time i think i've heard someone from ny say they wish they lived in a small town.
only when getting my iphone upgrade lol. and low rent. lol
the 8 million americans living abroad could stop trump. this tool can make sure they all vote! share and rt
ya heard!!! bravo!!! . .
i hope your namesake continues to stay alive
you and me both
good morning (barely!), e.
goodmorning :-)
i will never understand this, it's not like it's some limited release
agreed. i have an appointment, but there is a hugeeeee line of people without one who have been camping out for hours here
there's a card game about getting into berghain and it's following me on instagram.
does every card just say "sorry, not tonight"?
got a black 128gb one reserved for 8am but stay tuned \_()_/
good luck. getting black 7+ 32gb (probably should gone for 128) in sf this afternoon.
i already have infrastructure to do that for other cases, it's just annoying. twitter should really hire me to beef up their search api.
twitter really should hire you to beef up its nazi filters.
"uh folks, this is ahh, your captain speaking. looks like the gentleman in 37d is in the toilet so, uh, feel free to go through his stuff."
i'm confident this is the scenario described in "aisle seat 37d"
time. read this and you could win a code for : the collection on xbox one. good luck.
i would prefer columbia if i wasn't scared of heights, so rapture for me please
you too think shouldn't call herself a tester? don't be so eager to open "developer" that you deny people their identities
i sincerely apologize for an abrupt phrase. i spoke out loud without elaborating. my apologies.
yes! rhp and skm are perfect for this time of year. skm's 'april' is my go-to autumn-to-winter album.
y'all its still summer for a few days come on now :(
you can book uber rides in advance in 8 more uk cities starting exactly now.
you don't have there?
so torn on this issue. my mother was born 20 years and a month before joe pa started coaching nearly down the street from stad
it's so ugly that he (probably) was involved in this ugly cover up and is definitely at fault in its continuance.
deep stress underlies all problems. what if we had a technology to heal it? a new paradigm for world
you say the problem is stress, yogis say it is wrong understanding about ones's own divine true nature
i hope nobody is going to be rude on twitter today.
it only took me 5 minutes upon waking to get my first death threat!
breaking: donald trump reverses himself and acknowledges fact that president barack obama was born in the united states.
"this is fine"
experts from a variety of fields:diplomatic,military,museum, legal,antiquities experts unite on
happy to participate in this important dialogue about stemming market demand for conflict antiquities w/
sometimes i am old-school like that
if there were more like you, i bet that brick and mortar store wouldn't be closing.
on the upside...i helped some kids learn a thing today.
except i fucked up while i was helping them with their second problem and well...yeah but that's when the teacher called the activity over
hillary aide mark penn's '07 racist "birther" strategy memo, to use against obama cc:
where's the part that says hillary didn't believe obama was born in the usa?
to recap: even as trump reversed his birtherism he still perpetuated another lie - that birtherism started with clinton's camp in '08
now people start looking at what hrc actually did during the '08 campaign. it's still doesn't look good for her........
so first debate for trump: if obama was born in the us why did you keep questioning it?
because there was such a shroud of mystery bo should have just put the bc out
how is bojangles not commanding a serious lead
agreed. can't believe there is even a poll for this.
understanding the constitution isn't merely an academic exercise. it's essential for democratic participation.
shocking is a gross understatement
they have not received my phone at the palo alto store!!
they don't have my reserved iphone in the palo alto store yet even with a reservation!
if i can do better, then you can do better too.
but i don't want better. it only gets better with you.
yeah, no federally created bubble here.
great! not gonna empty my ira then.
on your recommendation, i'm buying it from now.
thank you!
these are the important things. you being in a club is not
i used to feel that way til i really thought about it... getting out &amp; having a good time is important especially when times rough
your welcome!! he's great isn't he??
i absolutely adore the angels outfits ( esp. ) courtney's which the ( orig. ) was for soundcheck!! lol
thank youuuu (^:
of course
we apologize, radmes! as always, your shipment date depends on when you preorder and on our available inventory ^bethelo
i did it today. why lie on the website. i cancelled my apple order for october 11th because your site said next week
it's so ugly that he (probably) was involved in this ugly cover up and is definitely at fault in its continuance.
the devastation inflicted on that campus by those actions is unprecedented.
the birther issue is not important to americans, its only important to the left wing media because they're the ones that keep pushing it!
shut the fuck up
"the plane! the plane!...."
is the american flag backwards??
i plan to do this at my wedding 2 weeks from tomorrow
oh man! that's gone be awesome. have fun.. and congrats!
so there are a lot of troops who feel slighted and many more on edge about what's to come.
sequestration was pushed by the gop. so how is a gop pres going to help that?
he was on this morning!
i saw a tweet that they had dave barry on...
bombshell evidencehillary clinton created isis - "america needs a president that represents america, not isis"
u were perfect! u founded the obama birther movement..that'll never go away&gt; lies
car ad on same page as cyclist hating letter-to-editor. coincidence? i think not!
to be fair car ads are on everything.
me n blvc svnd made the illest track tonight. can't wait to share it with you all.
no one is ready for what me n bruh got coming
isn't that swiping the wrong way anyway?
i swipe right, land in widget-town, get annoyed, swipe back, overshoot, launch camera, try to swipe back but lock autofocus...
is the *face* of dallas
parking day!!!
i had scrunchy socks and la gears. loved me some scrunchy socks.
not la gears i remember that
if trump loses it's his fault.if clinton loses it's her fault. partisans quit whining about the media, &amp; hold your own candidate accountable
another thiing-clinton coverage been overwhelmingly neg. trump has gotten free pass on trump u, trump foundation hiding taxes
we cannot allow ourselves to be divided by the bigoted, xenophobic hysteria the republican party has concocted.
border security and not wanting to pay taxes for illegals is neither bigoted nor racist !!
*pinches self* yep i want u is still the intro song for nba2k not a dream
not that money is everything but how do they use it without paying u or at least telling you
people are again standing in lines to purchase a readily-available consumer good because they want to have it a few days before others?
i wish there were more choices than just for times like this.i'd even settle for a bro-ish fist bump.
some men wna be with a woman that other guys lust after, and if nobody rly wants them, they're in no rush to wife them
that's interesting.
here is the top of trump's speech - the gop nominee promoting his new hotel at campaign event:
"medal of honor winners" sir, one does not "win" the medal of honor. using these gr8 people to promo your hotel isn't honorable.
sometimes the only person who understands you is yourself.
and alcohol
duly noted. ::cleans frosting spreader::
"spreader" hurr, hurr
how will peds cross 3 lanes of traffic transitioning from i70 to i35/us169 when signal is removed@ indep/wyan?
ped/traffic counts included in our traffic signal removal studies and studies show this intersection serves as a four way stop.
it hurt sending this. this was one of my favorite classes in college in a very long time. smfh.
how much is the book?
my cnbc appearance from this morning, in which bravely puts my airpods in his ears
and in which you defend third eye blind as the best band of the 90's!
how long till russians hack our air phones, send subconscious propaganda?
how long until we stop pretending russia is our enemy
trump insults potus &amp; americans again. no apology. talked more about his hotel, lying about fact that he founded the birther movement.
i am so angry and hurt right now. when will the media put an end to this absurdity.
amazing day spent at the ribbon cutting practice! thank u from safe!
safe ground school at the team oracle hangar with the master instructor sean tucker!
love the scrunch and the stone washed, acid wash! and also love the bell bottoms ( i'm a little older then you guys
i had one pair of bells.. but too young to enjoy the style.
i have a show next friday and no idea what to perform suggestions?
carousel by melanie martinez
i swipe right, land in widget-town, get annoyed, swipe back, overshoot, launch camera, try to swipe back but lock autofocus...
i feel like one of those old people who confuse the brake and gas, panic, and drive through farmers' markets. help, i am too old
true story - i wore a maiden shirt last night with as my witness
an awesome one at that!
1.5 hours left of work then off to disneyland!
bro weren't you just there like 2 weeks ago lmaooo
so what's everyone thinking for lunch?
wait is this on the record???
i'm shook! "come to brazil" is one of the song titles lmao yas
is slaytina about legend x????
do you think owes president an apology? (cc: )
no but obama owes us an apology for the job he's done ( or not done )
hidden in the horrific loss is how bad boston's bullpen and starting pitching is. after price is what? porcello?
you need to look at two things right now: the standings and a calendar.
kudos to msnbc. check out the middle chyron below. they inserted "falsely."
except that face of is still there!
while we're on the topic, he also implied the white house murdered someone to keep obama's birthplace secret.
i don't even have words man. dude is on some other shit.
, does this meet your standard for "skillful"?
u have to try to overcome ur depression about trump
watch last night's playstation meeting presentation, complete with ps4 pro gameplay footage in 4k here:
unacceptable by a brand for those of us who just bought the current version for the same money as the pro-no loyalty!
this shit is ridiculous
she gets on my nerves
me and chase are about to board the catalina express!!! so excited
chase and i* lol
3/x...corporate promotion being done on their backs. end.
"medal of honor winners" [sigh] one does not "win" the medal of honor.
yeah but as a responsible human tho
perhaps but i'm not going to lose sleep over the questions jimmy fallon does/doesn't ask
if trump loses it's his fault.if clinton loses it's her fault. partisans quit whining about the media, &amp; hold your own candidate accountable
politfact said trump told most lies &amp; clinton most honest this yr- if you watched news you'd think it was just the opposite.
"i am the way, the truth, and the life." - john 14:6
...god did not send his son into the world to condemn the world but that the world through him might be saved. john 3:17
love the location of our machine
is that a butterfinger in the good for you machine?
want to know what's worse than one screaming baby next to you on a flight? three screaming babies.
ha sorry. my flight was a dream yesterday
i see kick fixed the login screen
cat was already out of the bag, but, sure, why not!
i was hoping for a story that ended with this blurb: "i guess the author tried but the book is a hot mess &amp; utter failure."
the story ends with me leaving a big tip for the person cleaning up my hotel room
how will they come back as a luxury?
by definition... it's something brings you comfort, it's not a necessity &amp; not available in abundance
find out why decided to keep her baby plans a secret from mom caroline:
u don't keep that from your mom
fuck this weather, it made me sick
oh my sorry to hear that tiny
the embarrassment of jimmy fallon
so if only jimmy freakin fallon had asked a serious question, then maybe trump finally would've been exposed. got it
at , secretary explains why protecting is a foreign policy priority.
oh shut up and give your daughter a few more million
how long is your "regular" schedule is going to last
so why did you ask how long is my "regular" schedule is going to be?
innovation in music/brands:
congrats everyone!
i experienced the same in greenwich, ct. i was the first in the store. :( walked out empty-handed.
you had a reservation for pick up too?? will they call you later?
luckily towns, cities and all things related to it is my actual background ;) second nature to design them :p
sure but will your town be floating in black void like that in the game? how will you handle the border of the terrain?
i would not hype it unless i was actually impressed. and i was so much more impressed than i thought i would be.
i believe it. all the previews look wonderful
if you had to design 30 minutes of politics to break mainstream journalists out of their false balance problem, that was it.
impossible. economics are stronger than ethics.
lmao this is my girl
oooh okay that makes it a little better
johnson is pulling away votes from trump. they're more terrified of stein because she's so good.
actually johnson is pulling from both. it's ok, see you in trump gulag. we can share bread
i didn't think this happened, apparently bees &amp; grasses are in cahoots!
hey, cool! thanks for the info. i didn't realize it was a thing either. phragmites marsh = giant bee feeder.
lobbying, petitioning the gov't. gov't action will impact many people, some very significantly. right to
i agree completely. i am not against lobbying.
why? trump's an entertainer, he got media to watch him entertain--plus he admitted sun rises in east, gets "credit".
i think mckay's onto something. his moments of greatest hubris hurt him every time. and debate frame now set.
lol why not give them a proper employment contracts then
weta: we love our people!!! also weta: u need to work 80 hours this week, what is a "sick day" lol yr a contractor!!!
i had to drop her and her boing boing appendage reeeal early in this election.
she's more insufferable to me than anyone else at this point.
im underdressed and already out the door
never underdressed enough for the hot ass subway though
not all heroes have at-bat music.
ooh. when can we talk about how late night comedy shows have done a better job reporting on the...
it's the moment of realizing that you misinterpreted all of bruce's songs, and it was you who was always the villain
i was duped
let's be clear , trump is not doing this cuz he suddenly thinks pbo was born here, his camp is making him
he was adamant abt this all to delegitimize pres.
samsung will start selling the galaxy note 7 again on september 28 -
is there a huge difference in battery between note 7 and gs7 edge
me too! i'm excited to see so many people for the first time!
yesss, just shows how big our family is!
it's pretty clear-as president, trump would put his personal interests above the country's:
america needs .
there will also be units on tuesday, if you can't get a reservation on monday.
retail employees were telling people this in line. "early next week"
now the game beefing with meek.. album promo for sure. tony yayo said it best "this rap shit is like wrestling, everything is fake"
lol it would be smarter if he went at drake, nobody cares about meek lol
why are we mad at jimmy fallon? i haven't watched tonight since nbc screwed conan o'brien.
he had trump on and coddled him. literally played with his hair
i thought that was you on the right for a second hahaha
shit i thought that was me too
"hillary clinton &amp; her campaign...started the birther controversy. i finished it...you know what i mean." - trump
yes we know you're a dumbass.
veteran marines destroy bill clinton for his wife's lies.
bill clinton , dont dish it out if you cant take it, you low life scum bottom feeder
clinton is not bad at all, she is good, a life of service. better than i can claim.
you got that right.
you had a reservation for pick up too?? will they call you later?
anyone with the same issue??
go! go! curry
it's japanese curry! it's really good! and it's cheap! i'm eating it every day for the next two weeks!
i write a news story bout , &amp; some trump fans start harassing my children online. some of those ppl truly are .
- these attacks, this online bullying - is killing your platform! fix this!
rick flair's still got it!
ric* you better drop that k before he slaps a figure 4 leglock on you!
lol you seemed fine when you left
i was now i'm just hella sleepy need. more. gimmies. lol
watch last night's playstation meeting presentation, complete with ps4 pro gameplay footage in 4k here:
i'm very upset i threw my money to a version that became obsolete overnight-no one at the store warned us!
i don't get a pin because of you
news flash allie
olivia colman is in and she is great in it, but then she is great in everything. uk should nominate her for queen or something.
how does she have the time?!
"a celebration of the ways faith can transcend any differences or boundaries and unite us" - on eid al-adha
who took my repost off mr president
let's be honest. the only person excited to find out about hillary's body double is bill clinton.
let's be honest - no one - not even billy c can get excited about an h body double!
"those are two factually false statements," says just now of trump's remarks.
wow! they're learning! he is a liar, a bigot and a self promoter. nothing else matters.
scott peterson....do you think be executed for the murder of laci and his unborn child conner?
absolutely!!!! even if a member of my own family had committed such a crime, i would say the same thing
word to everything i love im gonna slap the shit out of that andrew kid that lina was dating if i ever run into him
and if u readin this hit my line so we could link u no respectin pussy ass lil goofy bitch
no coco in my assida means i wouldn't be able to function lol
you'll spend all day searching for that next serving of coco assida.
i like to think it as a nice place where to lay in the sand and enjoy cocktails and weed in peace :3
i'm just like "yeah i know what it is because half my family went through it agntklemebshebevs"
or is he a flip-flopper now? what else is he going to change his mind on? is climate change not a ploy invented by china now?
i play the clip of him on howard stern saying he supported iraq war. it's like instantly "unheard" by supporters.
i have so much to do i thought i'd visit twitter again. we still passing out favorites for participation?
heeeeeeey there!
bran the blessed king of the britons in welsh folklore, head buried under the tower of london
that's superb work! (i misread this at first as "brian blessed" much to my horror )
i tried not to get annoyed with jimmy fallon's non-controversial, braindead humor- let people have fun. now i'm actually pissed at him.
fallon's refusal to have any courage in his comedy has reached the point of actually being harmful
chicken &amp; matzoh ball soup
it basically tastes like any chicken soup, but the mazoh balls add some flavor and are delicious. never was my fav
actual headline in 2016: donald trump retreats from obama 'birther' theory
- sad but true, steve. btw - great npr interview on your new book.
yes, is in fact the bestest host.
&lt;blush&gt; thanks
veteran marines destroy bill clinton for his wife's lies.
i love that these ppl are speaking out. more should
aunty lela's friend was with a guy like that who said he would only want her if he saw other guys wanting her
he definitely has insecurities.
i only wish hitler had lived long enough to do carpool karaoke with james corden
i wonder if trump can sing?
do majority of americans want the next president talking about old birtherism or current threats from enemies abroad? you know the answer
my god you're an idiot!
sydney real estate gone boonter $1.6m 1k sq ft via
the whole world is on drugs... circa japan 1990-92 bubble
this isn't something trump can "declare." it is a fact.
trump actually speaks the truth for once
not just sad. pres. nominee just lied in front of america denying role in founding the birther movement.that's news
hope this dominates the news today, but just wanted to say great speech by last night, really effective.
let's be clear , trump is not doing this cuz he suddenly thinks pbo was born here, his camp is making him
whether truly believed it or did it for media attention's immaterial
the nra is poised to pour more than $15 million into ads in several battleground states to defeat hillary clinton.
dt 4 prez! so you can buy more, shoot more, be more. the alternative is dire: no guns, no shooting, no more. all less. dt/nra/lol
started reading black company last night. seems awesomely dark so far. i've clearly been missing out.
is it anything like hammer's slammers?
trump just aired free 30 min endorsement from veterans at his new hotel to falsely say clinton started his conspiracy theory about president
but she did, there is too much evidence proving it, you libs are all alike, just like lying hillary
join for a run on 9/19:
best of luck on the 19th!
like trump's racism and sexist remarks, can you imagine how screwed up his kids are?
also his grandchildren.
. "actually" and "technically" guys are the eyeroll inducers of the world.
yeah, it is inconvenient to be corrected, and lucky for me, i didn't use either word
ugh.. so much for building trust around end of life care.
this piece conflates hospice with palliative care, talks about discharge from "a hospice".
watched a documentary about this inspirational lady at the ozark foothills film fest this year. fascinating story.
isn't she amazing?! such a trailblazer
happy birthday to my realest one, so much love and appreciation for this bihhh have a gr8 one pal
i love you cassy thank you
in the future, the cable networks will have the ability to tape events and then only play the newsworthy portions. they'll call it editing.
the future is now i assure you. watch the cnn edits in the irish doc "chavez: inside the coup"
that's like bassem youssef hosting morsi. on second thought, i don't hate it
on top of that, jimmy fallon isn't bassem youssef or jon stewart...he's purely an entertainer that doesn't get political
go go curry rules, imo
it's good i just wish they sold beer as well to go with
zlingbot don't do it! there's so much to live for.
zlingbot is increasingly less of a bot, more of an alternate timeline you
lmao how shitty is it to resort to the "well shiiet i aint the only one though"
lmao whatever makes me feel better
do they run true to size? or do they run big?
the women's shirts are junior fitted tee's if that helps
i'd laugh if trump doesn't mention birther issue at all at this press conference in dc. use hype to get ppl to watch veterans praise trump!
come on guys, how brilliant was that executed! news media gets totally played by trump. wall-to-wall coverage.
just in: donald trump reverses himself and acknowledges pres. obama was born in the united states
you need to report this accurately - it is surrounded by lies - this is a partial telling of trump's pr spin
. joined by medal of honor recipients and veterans on at the new trump hotel
senator harry reid: shut the heck up!
there are other annoying people on
ugh i hate the guy who made the dress w the pictures. tell me he gets sent home
you're asking me a different question. i'm merely pointing out russert's revolting lies.
pretending to be offended on behalf of members of a party who nominated a fascist is revolting. they/you all own him
harry reid goes off on donald trump: "what a liar!"
takes one to know one.
trump, clinton are nearly tied in new michigan poll | the daily caller
i cant believe they r tied, seriously?? what crazy morons are voting for hillary???
does anyone have any doubt that trump would view the presidency primarily as a way to enrich himself?
his campaign headquarter rental bill agrees with you.
guys remember when obama took down trump within hours of authorizing the bin laden raid
yeah, thank god that was the key moment in trump not winning the nomination
let's be clear , trump is not doing this cuz he suddenly thinks pbo was born here, his camp is making him
pushed a racist conspiracy theory.
why isn't president obama working instead of campaigning for hillary clinton?
have someone read the constitution to you: 'cause you r a "domestic security threat" which he is sworn to protect us from
you might as well smile
you just made me smile! thanks! love you glen! thanks 4 all the years of making us smile laugh &amp; cry, god bless
actually you are wrong. it's okay tho, most real americans don't believe the medias lies.
you're either an idiot or a con-artist if you think hillary is responsible for birtherism.
people will never be able to recall 95% of the good things you do, but they'll remember 99% of the shady stuff you've done.
humans are weak man, they'll forget the 1000 good things you've done for them and only remember the 1 bad thing
ordered the iphone 7 plus silver 256gb on . site said ships monday then after charging me it now says october 14th! not happy!!
first world problems.
thanks to my top interactors! via
yay! i made the cut again!!! it's good to be on top, baby!
haha, wtf is that get up he's wearing?
he's still hurting
trump changed his "economic plan"...has "'80's larry" seen the pie-in-the-sky plan? he's unraveling
hmmm,, you mean mr. larry kudlow? chief economic advisor for president reagan?
as a cyclist, i don't care if the driver is in the car or not. i care that the car is in my way &amp; i have to dodge.
that was my reaction as well. you don't care how long the car has been there. what matters is that it's forcing you into traffic
me and you can. you and sos can. me and sos?
me on the side as jordan is talking
donald trump: "president barack obama was born in the united states. period."
thank you dt i just won a $100 bet that you would say hillary did it
does anyone have any doubt that trump would view the presidency primarily as a way to enrich himself?
djat is first a businessman it's money and more money
why do i keep finding red lighters in my room
wait me the fuck too ...
where i grew up, we valued hard work. trump's a man who inherited his money and then pretended like he earned it.
senator harry reid: shut the heck up!
wow giving a talk about women in tech. at one point a man in the crowd says loudly, "i disagree."
curious if this was handled as a code of conduct violation. if so how.
so two weeks ago, my iphone 6s stops charging all of a sudden. no warning, just cuts out completely in the space of an afternoon. (2)
yes. ok this sounds crazy but literally every time apple announces a new phone, my current one stops working
i am with my tribe, group meditation at
that was amazing. thank you
very important journalistic investigation (fyi: it's definitely him)
fyi rap, thats 1000% not my good friend tom...
just in: donald trump reverses himself and acknowledges pres. obama was born in the united states
report this accurately. trump just lied. report that story fully! it's your journalistic responsibility!
best music startup (b2b):
congrats guys!!
it's wrong when latinos are 17% of our population and hold only 2% of its wealth. we've got to connect more latinos with good jobs.
thank you hillary ! mom of 6 each pay heck i have to decide do i pay my light bill or buy groceries?
oh you mean the one who flat out refused to listen to tim???
yes. what a douche.
corey feldman was on the today show this morning and wtf did i just watch
he's still alive? huh..
what do dreadlocks have to do with black culture
most people in my life i know that have had dreads are white/caucasian sit down with your appropriation bullshit
i think grubman is coming to tell oakland it's now or never. city has had years and years to assemble a plan. nada.
thats what u get for thinking!
what's wrong with this??
wouldn't be a problem if ya wasn't so damn obvious
let's hope. remember how the media stopped asking about clinton's emails (maybe)? maybe this is the turning point.
i said it this morning:media would fall for latest scam &amp; give more free time to lie - they love the shiny object
surly they knew that already?? idk, some ppl do have their head in the sand
a jury is sworn to judge a case based on testimony from the witness stand and not rely on personal knowledge or inference
remember before the 1975 when we went to dinner and that waiter went mad cause we broke the table light thing
hahahahaha we were trying so hard not to laugh coz he was fixing it so close to us
not a fan of this year's throwback uniform.
coming up on the history channel, how the us navy used "razzle dazzle" camouflage to throw off u-boats during wwii.
your dp and i will be doing that soooon
make sure you add ice cubes to his shardonnay
its slighty by ppl that get tested. but also, its not just gay because blk &amp; latina women are at the top of the list.
then u have to look at how heroine has made a surge. then prostitution because most of these ppl are tested in jail.
if all goes well i will be moving back and you can come visit
sounds like a plan!
what an unrepentant farce that was.
blahahaha it was magical! we the people loved it!
you can say fallon's a comedian and it's not his job to be political, you just have to ignore jon stewart, george carlin, chris rock, etc
they aren't in the box of a state broadcaster
needa buy that septemeber 30th...
just ask him out already
we have a know bug here - fix is on the way with the next release.
is that on ios too? can't tell if people aren't getting notifications of my messages, or just ignoring me.
how long are in nyc? xx
until next weekend :) trying to find things i never got around to doing last time
also... there's no such thing as "non-contagious bacterial pneumonia." that's pure fiction. find a medical textbook with it.
- all it means is that she has a strain bacterial pneumonia that's non-contagious jeezz.r u another tv doc?
every1 should b very concerned bout this we will not b safe with hillary n the white house hasn't she proven that!
we're not safe now with obama, would be worse with hrc
you are unfortunately correct. and what's worse - we're all part of the problem when we tune in. what's the solution?
there isn't always a solution.
donald trump reverses himself, says president obama was born in the u.s.
oops! big typo. finally caught and corrected. i was getting worried that for the last 8 years we had a non-american in the wh.
i'll be there with bells on!
thank you! please wear your best autumn colors and pay it forward!
i won't let you down
also, we should cop
i like how skip was trying to argue the complexity of the offence with the guy who fucking played two years in it.
he's picking vikings to win. dumb thing he said was this is the best sam we'll ever see starting sunday... this isn't madden
tmobile said they took a soft hold for my 7.....
wtf is a soft hold? it's either you took the money or not
if anything this kind of mocking emboldened him, honestly
yeah, i am thoroughly unimpressed with the political power of satire these days
. history - the one discipline where we'd really rather the research not be quite so wildly and tragically reproducible...
farcically, even.
hof lenny wilkins who went 2hs w/my brother &amp;church with us was a role model in bed-stuy, bklyn.
father nadine was our neighborhood priest who mentored &amp;helped us 2 become productive citizens. hof lenny wilkins being 1 of them.
in other news, here are five good things and five bad things about twitter's nfl live stream experiment:
in fairness to your "opt out" point, if you were on a mobile device you could switch full screen
nbd watching on shuttle home on ; rooting loudest 4 teams that
couldn't have done it without you. they shouted you out in the visible changes group hug as well
loved your conversation at the bar. felt like i was right there getting to know you guys. entertaining all the way.
thanks, les... looking forward to finally talking with you at the bar tomorrow night!
can i get a hands to the face? lol miss it everyday but everything...
cuse dline jacked u up , lets go orange !
i texted her but i don't think she has her phone on her...so here i am.
well the bell is ringing in a few so she should be coming back.
mindfulness meditation to start off. love it! this is my jam
i wish i could be better at it. my mind never stops
hey , we think data and simulation modeling make a perfect match - let's chat!
yes! definitely!
silent as 2 states declare emergency after spill
the fuel line, which carries refined gasoline - houston to the east coast, has leaked 6,000 barrels of gasoline since monday.
donald trump has acknowledged the fact that president obama was born in the us
go ahead dummies believe it
'shouldn't you be working?': trump blasts obama's campaigning for hillary clinton
a potus should not be campaigning for his choice since he was supposed to be pres for all the ppl not just his
bitch is fucking crazy
i got sick watching that lmao
life of a bad ass bitch
he had never seen such an ugly creature before i guess
cj from said that one of the new am! songs sounds "like a less good cutters song" so i guess we're doing thing right.
you did give ljg that usb stick with all your music
i like to think it as a nice place where to lay in the sand and enjoy cocktails and weed in peace :3
but how bout dat ellis island yo
yessss so excited for thailand next week! bring it on
enjoy doug it is amazing over there
this is a very smart thought
of course you are not outrage. you are gushing.
such a douche. (do you want to be spoiled)
haha no i'm good it's almost over anyway ty!!
do n still think its for men to see
i mean it's for everybody to see honestly *flips hair*
i think 12-15 carries might remain his range. rivers needs dw's reliable hands on the field too much with ka gone.
jason witten or coby fleener at tight end please i need help lol
.'s wants you to send us your hardest lineups decision this wk &amp; we'll answer on air later!
standard league, d murray or r matthews?
having 2 hrs of face time with multiple investors = priceless. thx + for making it happen.
it was a pleasure having you! we will have similar events in the future and we would love for you to join us again!
donald trump: president obama was born in the u.s. 'period'
fine now it's over no more of this crap
hillary calls on trump 2apologize for his birther remarks. will she apologize 4 her staff spreading that rumor when she ran vs obama in '08?
proven false over and over and over. ur bias is showing.
thank beyonc we have heroes like david brooks to educate us in the ways of productive protests of systemic racism.
don't worry, us older white males are here to tell you young poc kids how to respond to racism...
i started watching after they won their last major and they haven't won since i honestly have no idea what happened to them
they fell apart like vp did at one point last year, only thing is vp recovered :(
some people pray, i put on lace.
and some people pray you put on lace...
is my husband bill at home dicking bimbos right now?
- this is the kind of nasty stuff that you people resort to- no wonder dt is your guy- -shameful &amp; blocked
'shouldn't you be working?': trump blasts obama's campaigning for hillary clinton
also, he's campaigning on our dime. get back to work. unless he wants to leave now.
no i feel it, plus you bond with everyone else like "this is bullshit right which ones you got wrong lemme see"
lol ppl we're way more bummed than me. i don't have time to be upset over something i can't control
not 1 of the them will care. he was right...he could stand on 5th ave &amp; shoot 1 of them &amp; they'd still vote for him.
also, the patsies always knew.
that looks like you in the striped hoody.
the jig is up, cheese it
sick is giving up. she's closing her campaign.
just close it
live on : scott adams watching trump
this clip consists of the historical moment when dances to the tune of . now it's officially putintrumpscott
hey! we should get together at some point
i'm gonna try to convince my wife to hang out in the doubletree lobby after dinner! :d
hope it goes well man. scott steiner at the garden aura comeback.
..haha salute my good brother
these dudes are wearing crop tees...
dont worry, you will be doing that soon with your cheetah print slippers
oh shit. this might be happening. it might finally be happening.
not getting my hopes up.
palmira needs to reply. hey girl. it's me. reply. thx girl.
update: homegirl replied.
my bailout point was a 'zomg! hillary for potus, bernie for vp! be still my heart!' tweet.
these people's brains have broken
they are sort of doom genre from the tracks i sampled.
cool who else is with them
hrc's policies resulted in actual death of people from a different culture/race/religion. but trump is hitler. sure.
truman's policies resulted in the deaths of millions. any yokel can play that game. see ya.
what a great project! can't tell if that's a surfer or an oil tanker in the gulf.
i was wondering the same thing! i think it might be a steamship. did you look at the full res?
my ass is on fire
when it comes out too fast it burns
it's called detasseling. re: bob allen ...whom we did not respect. have a nice weekend!
i am aware of detasseling, but editors felt we needed to describe it for a broad readership
exactly! why are not more christians in the refugees coming in??
he stands with isam ... first ... perhaps only
some things cannot be known by reading books &amp; padding exams sometimes you have to live it!
yes. less talk, more action. no substitute for experience.
successful &amp; gr8 kickoff meet the amazing human srvcs team &amp; jose from
thanks so much for being a part of this week's market!!!
definitely busy. hopefully someday soon we can write some encouraging news!
you can count on it. detroiters don't give up.
serious question... ya really think putting ya kids in private school vs. public school makes a difference??
i'm always one to say it's up to the student if they want to learn or not
an energy company just debuted a shoe made from power plant emissions
do they, in turn, "emit" anything (apart from green bills for the fat cats) ?! /;o).
srk will be reminded at each and every step of career now that people can forgive anything but not the betrayal of country
doesn't have balls to complain about the jihadi factor, islam must be regulated.instead india is intolerant.chore kotwal ko dante.
i'm insulted by some of these "brands" that consider themselves my competition. lmaooooo no work being put into the shit at all
which should only motivate you more to continue doing you
i love guys in airports who talk with headphones in loudly because they secretly get off to everyone knowing what they do for a living.
just start singing vulgar rap lyrics at a high volume
the only reason trump is "overweight" and not "obese" is that he now claims to be 6,3 when before his height was always listed as 6,2
here's a helpful graphic,courtesy of a 6'2 guy's diet pix-trump's pushing 300.
trump tricking the entire press into going on a pr tour of his new hotel is the america i want to live in
i can see now how he is going to make america great again.
most people in my life i know that have had dreads are white/caucasian sit down with your appropriation bullshit
ppl need to appropriate getting them done by a hair professional and not by themselves so they don't look a mess
my brother's first brilliant sf observation, everyone here looks clean.
quickly followed by "this place is amazing"
sincere kudos to and, yes, cnn for this chyron.
why? this is totally insufficient.
nicholas kristof: "when the public sees trump as more honest than clinton, something has gone wrong" via
something went wrong when the media treated his campaign as a joke, and abandoned journalism.
serious question... ya really think putting ya kids in private school vs. public school makes a difference??
i also believe some private schools compared to public may have a better structure for younger kids
"hillary clinton &amp; her campaign...started the birther controversy. i finished it...you know what i mean." - trump
she did &amp; someone needs to find the tapes/videos proving it in 2008 contest with obama, perhaps she made those videos disappear too
have you heard the new jack's sliders and sushi?
i heard gave it an 8.4
so very proud to be number 1 on the for women list!
congratulations and no surprise to us! very well-deserved
just spoke to spox and asked why they kicked us troops, he said because turkey wants to teach us a lesson.
i would love to hear what the talk is in the white house this morning. erdogan just making things worse in syria
silent as 2 states declare emergency after spill
"it's not safe for our workers to recover much product off of the pond due to gasoline vapors." /drinking water! animals.
ah yes, i recognize him now. james, he is the one who looks just like his brother.
lol. he was the one who claimed to be straight.
because you reporters write down what you see and then what we don't see.
reporters report, and doesn't want to answer questions about his blatant lies and tax returns.
bernie sanders: "i honestly don't know" why young people like me more than hillary clinton
are you serious ...because you're clean! is all kinds of shadiness.
just got a lesson in reporting twitter trolls. my sheltered self has never seen this much hate and backlash.
say more? what happened?
"he goes after people who can't defend themselves" - reid on trump. yep, trump is a small, insecure, weak man who attacks pows and disabled
congratulations for learning how to copy lying points! u supporters r dumber than rocks.
my car is a mophie on wheels that i have to park.
time for a phone retreat. no for 24 hours. people at work should put money on when you crumble ...
it's the "which is heavier? 100 pounds of feathers or 100 pounds of gold?" of rationalizing blocking a bike lane.
yep. tone deaf and shows lack of understanding of how bicyclists actually, you know, bike
that's the part i want to figure out. the black and latino people. why are those two races so connected with aids ?
dl men and prostitution all those cities have a high rate of sex workers.
i took a shit on your head daily for a year but denied it even though you had video. i took those shits, period. why are we discussing it?
oh and by the way. it was hillary clinton's fault i shit on your head. and you all owe me a big debt of gratitude for resolving this finally
send the link
... one i wanted just sold. why does this always happen with ship paintings?! next closest one: ebay
enablement -&gt; katas -&gt; prime factors kata -&gt; what are prime factors -&gt; fundamental theorem of arithmetic.
birds... what are birds? we just don't know!
miss u too but it's goin good!! how are you doin??
greatttt. u were in my dream last night, you came home and were sitting on the couch at grams because u were sick
just constant flash backs of the freeman disaster. at least sam got more than a week
two things i'll give sam is he's a much more intelligent qb. and he has his former offensive coordinator helping translate plays
trump's opponents were not weak! cruz and rubio are sharp men. killary had only one to beat
maybe in your simple mind, cruz and rubio have sharp minds.
"there's no erasing things trump has said," said hillary, the world's foremost expert on erasing things.
she should know about erasing things.
d-do people want this to have dlc and season passes?
i don't know if it's what people want, but what they expect. folks bristled at $40 price tag on the witness
1. some clinton supporters did spout birtherism in 08 2. hillary clinton didn't 3. trump is blaming clinton because that's what trump does
obama is a american, &amp; he is a benedict arnold / traitor. he is the enemy of all americans &amp; the usa!
happy birthday i hope you have a good one beauty
thank you andrea hopefully when we turn 21 we're out to vegas like we planned with magaly
has hillary come out and said anything of substance?
not a word like he rest of the time she will lose big time!
bombshell evidencehillary clinton created isis - "america needs a president that represents america, not isis"
/ don't
this is the 'tommy two-pack"
that's what someone called my gut at the beach earlier this summer
this wristband turns your fingers into a phone on
that's a great idea, to create wristbands for which have 4g connectivity.
school district: betsy ross flag symbolizes "hate"
guess school district officials need a lesson in history. proof that dumb dumbs r running the system
"president barack obama was born in the united states. period." -
and it was brilliantly executed!
don't forget! free tea towel for orders over 25 with code bake. ends midnight tonight
what a sweet design! love it.
rich hill through five innings: two runs, three hits, no walks, seven strikeouts, 75 pitches.
some times, when you gloat about stats, you tempt fate. as rick monday was giving these statistics, i knew what was coming.
"a second chance," meaning a chance to relate beyond the bounds of time and death...
"a second chance" meaning a chance to relate beyond the bounds of time and death
this is indeed the case --&gt;
maybe you can get your paper to work on their breaking news headline while your at it.
if any of u guys chop off your hair plz give it to me in a plastic baggy it would mean a lot to me &lt;3
do u need longer hair cause i'm getting a haircut sunday but my hair is already pretty short
attention all hackers: you are hacking everything else so please hack obama's college records (destroyed?) and check "place of birth"
"which we all know to be "
if i buy you that you'll ignore me &amp; play it all the time:(
you're really gonna let buddy play the 2k that nobody else is playing now?? ice cold smh
g - thats what i call a white screen !
it is incredibly frustrating-- and dangerous
i start to wonder if the should just offer a notre dame/acc-type deal and grab 2 schools preemptively.
this year, the has the better school (houston) and much better tv markets.
why? cause you are so limited you can't keep up? can only manage 1? sucks to be you! i got 250!
child please
walked all the way to stumptown, ordered a mocha, and realized i forgot my wallet.
tell them that you're stewy's homegirl next time
'ers - today at 10:15am, please consider joining and i to honor epatients who have passed away
on had huge impact on me. beautiful idea to honor her memory at
i thought you were linking me to your fav kimojis
kimoji is amazing but these are my new fav
do you think owes president an apology? (cc: )
this what you say when you have no substance
tonight @ 2am. djing for the lovely shooter pullup +21
we're out, fully dressed
thes girls who keep me up at night
thank you
my god this is the first time a candidate running for potus has their own tv news cnn hillary clinton owns hillary clinton
govt. owns cnn
this wristband turns your fingers into a phone on
that's a great idea, to create wristbands for which have 4g connectivity.
!! david cook - hero/rockstar megamix + via
hope it goes viral... this really showcases the mega talents of !
i mainly meant tapper, who did a good job stating point-blank how full of shit trump is on both his lies.
still not enough. the criticism cannot simply be of trump. it must be of the media system that is enabling this.
trump campaign manager joins us sunday to discuss the race, so tune in!
so she comes on and lies to your face.
mood (courtesy of tyler)
fuck i'm surprised u got this shit
not a well armed terrorist
he had committed heinous thought crimes.
i'm about to make breakfast then get dressed
i want some
great look at one of my favorite founding teams ;) if you're in nyc, get now! it's incredible!
. immensely grateful for the burgers and wisdom we know we can rely on from you!
...as if i haven't watched it multiple times already
how can you not? it stars the pride of lexington, ky.
compare the washpost and nyt leads. post is the one that bothers to mention trump's false accusation about clinton.
it also took, like, half a day for nyt yesterday to update story about flint pastor to note video showing trump full of it.
does anyone have a bank (for business accounts) that they love? looking to move somewhere better.
i am super happy with chase.
just wondering if anyone has been keeping track, i'd love to make a list
that would be a great data set!
so many hugs will be given/received. freddie would be proud!
we have to do the biggest group hug ever!
me and my second baby
oh good. like all babies, a few days late.
i would love to hear what the talk is in the white house this morning. erdogan just making things worse in syria
obama needs to face reality with turkey. west needs to recognize kurds and rojava, wests only friends in syria.
swish, swish,
starting fires...
freelancers: what health insurance do you use? haven't been on market for a while. looking to compare against cobra
i'm on oscar and i hate it
it was also proven that the dnc rigged it so killary would be the nominee. dnc screwed sanders badly
bs, hrc won by a wide margin and bernie raised a lot of money.
this wristband turns your fingers into a phone on
that's a great idea, to create wristbands for which have 4g connectivity to
seeing immolation next week
awesome enjoy
that's precisely the next move i'm wanting to make!
congratulations on your success.
kasich is a traitor! obama enlists republican kasich to strategize on tpp passage -
he is engaging w the very people who've destroyed our economy, nseeking to do more. last hurrah
thanks for printing out customer acquisition diagram at office!
wow! really glad to see this! :)
break - trump tv pool voted to pull the camera from trump hotel tour and not air footage
but there's civil journalists to step in. blahahahah. i can't get enough of his brilliance. ty
same here! i use for some things, but not sure i'd want to lean on it yet for customers/users.
.. here's your answer to whether you should go all in matt ;)
that stunt was the most vile, insulting thing i've seen this campaign season.
i am sickened. anyone voting for trump is an idiot.
trump didn't start , it was michelle. trump just took her word. she can't be wrong...or is she racist?
she is definitely a racist, she hates caucasians
section 8 where they can move in a nice neighborhood. stay in your lane. if they want better housing they can move
you are the cookie cutter politician who has been keeping blacks thinking they're too stupid and can't complete with the rest
(i'm not entirely convinced.)
i know exactly what show he's talking about. it's actually not. think of three judge judys presiding over a case. that's it
you doing it from a laptop or from icloud? i always just post up with my laptop before wiping the device and leaving store.
icloud - should have done laptop
of course lol
mark don't u have something to do?
trump is not fascist the 3 defining features of fascism are fear, entitlements and state appropriation of the private sector
aww. and i thought you had learned enough to stop throwing big words around that you don't understand.
you, too. see you on monday (or in passing on sunday) *hugs*
might check in early for
"hillary clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy," mr. trump said. "i finished it."
you just can't make this fucking shit up.
we apologize, radmes! as always, your shipment date depends on when you preorder and on our available inventory ^bethelo
how about you guys don't charge me until my phone is actually shipped? thanks!
me: you forgot your bookbag at school wen i picked you up?! my nephew: you forgot my bookbag at school when you picked me up
he's kinda right though
i've been in class all morning with last night's yankee/red sox game on my mind....... i'm still bothered by it smh
like i feel we won't beat them again for the rest of this season.
thank you andrea hopefully when we turn 21 we're out to vegas like we planned with magaly
most def!!!! we're just 1 year away being 21
david brooks would like young black football players to stop kneeling on his lawn - by -
and this would be ok?
next time !!
idk if there will be a next time tbh
steam: oversight committee chair lays down gauntlet on fox; fed sources: comey very nervous
hey jason, cecile richards says "ha ha!"
i'm good at what i do
yea boy screenshots ya know
excited for and especially to talk with during this morning's core theme session of data+devices!
so cool! wish i were there. you'll rock it i'm sure!
this is not what happened
and he closed the issue. brilliant!!!!!
harry reid goes off on donald trump: "what a liar!"
reid is the liar
but it was trump who has consistently advanced a dishonest narrative about the president's birthplace.
those not willing to vote hrc (understandable) keep scotus in mind. push for a progressive nominee
i've been in class all morning with last night's yankee/red sox game on my mind....... i'm still bothered by it smh
like i feel we won't beat them again for the rest of the season.
the are losing big time!! makes desperate gamble with her birther movement and loses big time!!
that she did! disgraceful woman
most embarrassing update ever made by press home to unlock; we want slide to unlock in
&amp; they took away replying to texts in lock screen.
i am so excited for this vlog.
the tea will be served
she was sooo dead ass serious too
what's a asian type ? like korean chinese japanese ?
donald trump backed off birther claims: "president barack obama was born in the united states, period."
the idea that he makes this statement without noting that it was knowingly divisive and intentionally so is simply unacceptable
deff gotta put dave east in there
yeah he up there for sure but q and nino are dead nice af
hey guardians, let's get intimate. who wants to infect me with all 5 viruses? my body is ready.
only if you're fresh. then i'll give you all 5
patient voices not typically included at medical conferences, says
awesome graphic that flew past my eyes so fast! thanks --
first world problems.
likes to charge before sending stuff. at least didn't charge me while i was still waiting for processing
got my first star on an image in 's hub. :-)
nice! congrats!!
peak "both sides"
surprised fox is even giving both sides...
several doctors warn hillary pneumonia antibiotic can cause 'psychiatric problems', death.
she does not have pneumonia
. why am i getting notifications about myself
do you have more than one twitter account on your phone?
no, decided to focus on core us markets
awe no pink moustaches for you!
, man get out here with conspiracy theories, when you have real data get back at me
shame on you you're no better than self serving, sharpton, jackson, and farrakan
nah keep up the work i'm back in the gym soon
straight up i been slacking so im back in there late tonight
wrong^^^ even if the kid had a (real) guy but didn't point it he shouldn't be killed.
that's not how the law works. if a cop tells you to freeze or put your hands up &amp; you reach you get shot
remember: watching online or at , if you're canadian, tweet your canadian-isms on
i i think i'm sitting almost next to you :) i'm from canada too!
we are proud to hold that title!
- it's quite a long list, trust me, lots to be proud of with that brunch of yours! have a great !
the tinted moisturizer?
no the oil free foundation. hang on will look at my history and get pic
happy birthday brotha we haven't talked in forever forever forever but i hope that your day is fantastic because you rock
thanks kencell, be sure to hit my line
i'm thinking this whole donald charade is about making $, like a businessman would do. today's "announcement" at his new hotel is an example
so, as a businessman donald will appeal to a certain customer type, and then expand the base by vilifying the competition.
you mean...it stars the two men i'd actually consider marrying?
but only one who has voiced a cat.
happy birthday !! hope college is going good have a good one
thank you paul
dang this seems good. somebody tape it!
ps are you at spx or why are you not coming, hmm?
i thought mariachi bands only played on the 7 train. nope, they're on the 4 too
they be up early on the 7 train no fucks given lol
wow over 10yrs already, where is christopher scott cherot these days. love this film and hav plenty
he made another indie about a year ago. no traction for it seems.
the guy across the street got a husky but he's never home to take care of him so the whole neighborhood listens to him cry all day :')
that's so ducking aaf omg save it d:
congrats to on his new gig as 's vp, social media advocacy and learning!
thanks so much!
they're not
i don't follow you, you don't follow me. why you tweeting me?
hillary campaign plays ""i feel good" by james brown as she walks on stage. (james brown died of pneumonia).
thats so ironic! james brown was a wife beater, he deserved to die
this is the tweet that caused me to create ddm. i thank the dumbass nigga who made this shit.
shut the fuck up.
trump campaign manager joins us sunday to discuss the race, so tune in!
i have to ask, why do you interview people who do not answer your questions? as a viewer its infuriating.
q is there a challenge in terms of public perception if % of investment in development is earmarked for m&amp;e and now open data?
and a further % on research communication / uptake?
so honored: jim brown statue to be unveiled sunday; watch for exclusive photos, video
well deserved and long overdue, sir.
when life is good, you throw some bacon on it, am i right? watch me perform "bacon" live on :
life can be good or you will it to be . being greatful what you have is god blessings
cool how some customers take you not having a sandwich in stock as a deeply personal insult from you to them
that sandwich was their only joy in life
true. so do you think it's because the economy is bad or simply because we (gays) are looked down upon for being different?
actually being from dallas, moving to kansas now living in san francisco working with hiv &amp; aids group. its all about testing.
security is keeping the press locked in the ballroom rn.
so, the press is being held hostage? um, is it his private security?
....i didn't realize i did as well until i read this!!
so long farewell to you my friend
it's 2:13, i'm studying anatomy, eating a brownie, and having a mental breakdown
anatomy makes me wanna die tbh
yes! i read when it first came out. crimes were unheard of! well written. couldn't put down.
i remember when it happened.my dad got sunday paper &amp; i was teenager reading it.started my intrigue
mars/chiron aspect til tues: challenges u 2 see ur own attachments &amp; aversions as a normal, perhaps even valid, part of being human
what about the lunar eclipse today? any thoughts ?
david brooks would like young black football players to stop kneeling on his lawn - by -
but *this* would be ok?
disappointed that we went with "taptic engine" instead of "shake weight".
definitely could imagine the sentence "prepare the taptic engine" being in the next star trek movie.
shailene woodley reveals how hillary clinton can attract bernie sanders supporters via
if u r a parasite on the working taxpaying &amp; wanted everything 4 free, u will vote 4 the murderer hrc. pos votes for hrc!
made the impossible possible
u mean taking something that was great &amp; made it not great? agreed! luv new text features but they ruined lock screen stuff!
yes! sorry i missed you! let's connect back in pdx
sounds good, dan! won't be back in town for any length of time until the first week of oct but i'll reach out then.
happy birthday to one of my best friends thanks for always being there for me and hookin me up with pacfam ily
two toes taking over the company
and im sure alaskas natural resources were taken into account as well
raw materials. naval bases. trade markets.
as commander-in-chief, he is sworn to protect us from threats both foreign and domestic. you, sir, are the latter.
george you're are absolutely right our is working tirelessly to protect us from trump!
"hillary clinton's support of palestinian terrorism"
media's support of hillary
so, as a businessman donald will appeal to a certain customer type, and then expand the base by vilifying the competition.
if you look what he's done, is simply sales 101!
honestly i'm just done letting my people be disrespected and walked all over. we're not here for your damn entertainment and exploitation.
this whole world got me fucked up and i'm not with it.
why are people still poking me on facebook
because your white
, you know there's race as white, it's an invented term meant to cause classism. they are americans from european descent.
stop, no one needs an obama lecture, we need trump action for jobs and sensible healthcare
even fox news says hillary clinton didn't start the birther movement.
. rut roh! trouble in trumpistan?
what ails general hospital?
good read . but your take on the vante/lante s/l .. not sure i agree
they trippin' lol
lol i tagged rob. he's the guy you gotta talk to
finished, donald trump addressed the "birther issue " quickly &amp; firmly..done , watch hillary,she just she has nothing
she is nothing
awesome! in argentina leads the way: community is the heart of the change led by inspirational
we are lucky to have him in our government
steam: oversight committee chair lays down gauntlet on fox; fed sources: comey very nervous
___yeah, i know he going to ________________take the fifth, but i (jason) need media face time.
why comment something completely irrelevant to this post? brandon has nothing to do with that, hes a designer.
i'm not allowed to tweet about anything besides kick. someone always pulls me back on topic
waking up at 8:30 with an email from your professor that your 8:30 has been cancelled is probably my best college experience yet
we never found out until we walked a mile to school. no email back then. must be great.
i'm 6'2" lol where u get 5'11 from lol
because u &amp; your sidekick stay lying about your height so i believe you're average height.
the blue curtain at the back of the ballroom in the trump hotel just collapsed, taking down some american flags with it.
that was me and
why do people keep asking trump re obama's birthplace? guy's been telling us for 7 years what he damn well thinks!
trump either is a stupid man or doesn't believe in us law &amp;order.it is like saying trump is a woman.
am rethinking whether iphone upgrade program is actually more convenient than just buying new phone and selling old one cc
lease your bicycle for your mind
judge finds nick gordon 'legally responsible' for bobbi kristina brown's death
wow this can not be good to nick..he got major problems right now
okay are there any ps4 fantasy rpgs with chargen i could stream that aren't skyrim. dragon age maybe?
fallout, dragon age... that's all i got. oh! wwe 2k16.
this is a really good question.
is it possible to pay the price of car insurance but get the payout from life insurance?
home for the next few days. anyone know any good churches in williamsburg, va for sunday. i am not speaking anywher...
you are in the bible belt, should be a church on every corner, "good" well only one is good.
me looking at my major requirements: i can't wait to die
lmk if one of y'all is a calc genius bc i never took that shit in my life and i crave death
s e l f i e
so beautiful! xo
basically me three times a week
i know how this is xd i'm a mix of both
no. i did not. they were your words.
um, you used not one single word i used. and that is not what the mirror test is. you are bad at arguing. goodbye.
hate you both
one minute she hates my guts, next minute i'm in hers
here's the other:
:o. so majestic, so perfect. thank you!
anyway, enough of that. you seem like a good guy (tl browse) and arguing over silly stuff is... well... silly.
all good, cap!
yes! i read when it first came out. crimes were unheard of! well written. couldn't put down.
i read it at 19 &amp; would not bring into my apt at night. it scared me and i lived alone. i'm a whack
dude has a basket full of deplorable tendencies and america needs to excise this ugly and virulent strain from our politics 2/
lets talk about that on nov 8 midnight
well said. the money is inconsequential! and i'll see you out there on sunday, but running a 9:50 pace
see you there man (and thanks).
you follow another one of those hit team media groups....believe it from clintons campaign..
it's lies. and tyrannosaurus rump took it and ran with it as his claim to fame. he wanted to ride pres. obama's coattails. lol!
oh no! might you be up for trying settings&gt;remove then going through 'connect more' again? :) -julia
thank you. that did the trick ;)
where is the moral compass of these military leaders to support a man who embraces putin.
misogyny is so strong
big shout out to everyone who had an egg crack in their backpack &amp; it went all over their money &amp; they are now trying to wash egg off money.
$crambled ggs
i bet joseph i wouldn't eat donuts for the rest of 2016. it's been 1 month and i want to die.
ur life's so hard waaa
hey sam, is there anything i can lend a hand with?
sorry for blaming you, turns out it was just nyc's awful lte. (the password screen when dropbox syncing wouldn't load)
i mean no girl wants to be bragging about her bf then have someone be like girl calm down he's ugly,
cause if a woman says calm down he's ugly she's hating. &amp; then she probably don't have a man herself lol
let's hit my park all these niggas are trash i can't play alone lol
aight i'm getting all the early tip off stuff downloaded
shout out to and here at : the room where it [healthcare change] happens
lots of opp'ty 4cross-metaphor-pollination ...&amp; i haven't even seen it yet
taco trucks and whether the current president was born in the us dominate the headlines. i hate this election.
i hate this election too, but i love taco trucks
i was so worried when had a massive lighting storm during whole recording
the universe was screwing with you
lol that shit was silly and you know it
lol i can't stand you
it'll be a miracle if everyone who regularly has class in marillac doesn't get lung cancer from the ppl who smoke right in front of the exit
i'm so tired of having to walk thru disgusting ass toxic tobacco smoke clouds to exit marillac.
no apology. no disavowal. no regret. the absolute best the republican presidential nominee could do was acknowledge a fact and then flee.
stephen... buzzfeed? my how the world has changed
it looks like i live in my mom house while studying for college....
while having "thousands" of dollars worth of shoes lmao ok.
don't think they know you in seattle
me trying to figure out when you went to seattle
hillary's intention is not only to bring black people "to heel", she plans to bring all of us to heel.
she wants 2 b a dictator, so get out
charges bought by mr. soto (puncher) against mr. edelstien (victim), has been dropped, soto family failed to show-up
advised judge of dropping charges after soto failed 2 show. also advised tt charges against thug soto will be dropped 2.
extreme closeup: simoncat edition. i hope things become less terrible soon!
thank you so much &lt;3.
it's a legit dance party right now!!!
i cannot remember a more enjoyable episode of the view.
yes! i read when it first came out. crimes were unheard of! well written. couldn't put down.
ohhhh goodness that was 40 yrs ago. wow
rewatching the opening drive right now, absolutely amazing fitz had the game he had after this drive. this drive was a mess
cannot agree more. thought fitz was lost forever at that point in the game
he plays the media like a stradivarius. and they love it, as it generates ratings &amp; revenue. we're in big trouble.
as a voter, i don't allow the media to sway my opinion of dump. unfortunately, most of the public are intolerable and racist.
hey sam whats this?
and told me all the cool kids did it.
lol.. both are making $$$ -- while you shoring up hillary &amp; the others shoring up da donald. how about getting them to make u$
a company/service provider has no duty to make their customers money. corporations, like donald's, are in for themselves.
cuz no one wants ur bf
ok son. i'm glad to hear that. thank you for lifting me up on this fine ass friday afternoon.
next thursday kesha will be performing in brooklyn, new york
i'm so glad i saw this! picked up tickets! i'm so thrilled she'll be right down the street from me! can't wait!
omg i know the waterworks that'll be associated when i say bye to
giiirrrlll don't even go there lol
hum aapke saath hain - all nris are chanting this. aap usa is with - lets win punjab and goa!
many of these people hv vested interest &amp; need govt who can give legality to their anti india intent
this is honestly music to my ears. (but sorry about your nightmare, etc )
then after i woke up at like 4am all freaked out, my gf's cat suddenly jumped onto the bed and scared me bad
we can do better than that ... by singing together!
nobody needs to know!
is there a way to slide notifications up anymore to get them out of the way?!
you pull it down and bring it back up quick
*heavy breathing*
they also spelled it wrong
much love for all these retweets
i got you bro! i'm rt it just in case one of my 10 followers knows her!
i understand their role in black culture but i'm 99% sure it's not something that was exclusively to it
first of all, rastafarian and black culture are two different things and two, why is hair becoming a race thing?
cnn tone towards trump takes a definite turn, after birther announcement. john king "he played us."
i think it was monty python who had a segment on "getting hit on the head lessons." who knew it was dt's press pool?
the xbox elite wireless controller - [m] le is now available for pre-order. gear up:
i need 4 of them
i'm so tired of having to walk thru disgusting ass toxic tobacco smoke clouds to exit marillac.
if you want to kill yourself, that's fine. but stop forcing everyone else into an early grave too.
missed the bus so now i'm at the hard rock cafe
you deserve this
i actually thought she killed it on her lip sync. it's so unfair how much shit she's getting when alaska.....
alaska admitted phi phi was asked questions!
received this email on 9/7 warning me something was happening. this means people knew weeks ago!
i wish i received it as well. my last submission was three days ago.
the next several days of birther coverage is really gonna get those white women in philly suburbs off the fence &amp; on board the trump train!
i've taken that main line train so often!
damn, somebody's dad took their tired ass, out-of-touch lecturing to another level.
that was soooooo incredibly tone-deaf and maybe even deliberately obtuse.
idk who told y'all to get turnt when you got a morning class
lmfaoooo i wasn't turnt i was just maccinf
i'd like to point out that today is also the one-year anniversary of this happening at a gop presidential debate
ha. this was a precursor of all the gaffes to come.
if you aren't following 's lit af fantasy football thing, you're totally blowing it. it's incredible
damn, the teens kinda get it - i drafted my entire team based on attractiveness
no, it is very much not. not as long as i have a tv show.
it's not over. hillary can turn things around. she's not necessarily even losing though with co fading, maybe.
nice! i'm waiting and hoping for casper here... mainly for the mac management.
yeah casper is great.
"it's like a dude who saw a nine inch nails video and then saw the crow" talking about chris angel is killing me
loved the benefit show story. my favorite episode in a while
a new level of innovation, precision, and refinement. this is iphone 7.
i'll make u a deal...i'll buy the if u sell it w .
# either your not informed or you could care less for our country, trump is the only option to save us
very strange, i thought i had blocked your hateful self already, teresa. thanks for the reminder.
can today be over already so i can watch bridget jones with my mom
let me know how it is i kinda want to see it tbh
i guess u could call my aesthetic "the sephora inside the jc penney inside the penn station subway station"
yr hair is so lush teach me
you just can't make this fucking shit up.
nope, no you cannot. it's literally as if we're living in george orwell's 1984.
my husband and i with our dog gemma!
love the pic my friend!
only for a small fee of $100
my friend will be more than happy to pay that fee for me +a generous tip
and any yokel can call anyone hitler.
yes, but this yokel has 750x as many followers as u do. how is the weather in russia right now?
was there that day.
lmfaoooooo, yan got the big one...
in all fairness, even fox was saying that.
the "liberal media" and fox.
actually being from dallas, moving to kansas now living in san francisco working with hiv &amp; aids group. its all about testing.
most gay &amp; straight dont get tested until its mandatory or symptoms. health insurance &amp; not believing straight ppl can get it.
you deserve this
no one deserves *that*
likes to charge before sending stuff. at least didn't charge me while i was still waiting for processing
maybe if you chose the pink one you would have it by now? hang in there.
all new music from , dropping sept. 30th!
finally yes!
wow. not according to the constitution.
where in the constitution does it say under age child should obey a document rather than their teacher? free isn't good enough?
harry reid: i don't buy the polls - "donald trump is a fraud."
go trip on your exercise machine again!
a company/service provider has no duty to make their customers money. corporations, like donald's, are in for themselves.
the difference between donald and hillary is that he is a businessman ($) and she's a politician (power).
i am repulsed by what the man stands for, you should be, too. xenophobia, racism, nativism, protectionism, nihilism, ... 1/
save ur hide. delete all the talking points and talk like you. all your phobias and ism's are just old, like a damaged player
goodbye. but you know what you did.
i certainly know what you think i did, which is not at all equivalent to what i actually did. i'm sorry your life is so sad.
no, it is very much not. not as long as i have a tv show.
still, co, nc, fla are all close enough they can turn blue. she needs great debates and hersurrogates and her need to dom media
once again, please support ramsey orta. here's the donations link to his official site:
thank you for this
worth saying that birtherism isn't just something trump did, it is entire the foundation of his political prominence.
&amp; more reasons he'll continue playing that card 2 his benefit until most americans start rejecting him. he's a conman
a liberal tactic to improving your writing: remove excessive adverbs. a socialist tactic: remove all verbs.
i plan to subscribe as soon as i'm no longer homeless!
she's so funny.
she also ends all our text conversations with "ok bye"
after the lettermen's reunion ends at 10 tonight--join us for an after-party from 10-1 at --going to be a great night
hope to see you at the game saturday.
we're at the 10:30 am showing of bridget jones's baby
where and where was my invite tbh
i cannot take the despair of that episode of danganronpa 3. i need a hug. i need hope.
question: i'm assuming this is apart of the overall narrative, but can't be considered an adaptation of the next game.
i've read so many true crime books!
i hate 2 say oh that true crime book was great.anbody who reads them knows what i mean they are sad
appreciation. appreciate your loved ones, your many blessings, and appreciate your unbreakable will that gets you out of bed every morning.
make sure you give people the flowers while they can still smell them. when they're gone you'll either be left with fond memories or regret.
stunning view of .
thanks so much for the retweet!!
hey how long will this take?
"when will this be fixed? i can't run till then"
i'll endorse you on linkedin for "geo data science"
endorse me for cyber mapping plz
like the nazis did want a one party dictatorship
cool story bro
side to side live from the 2016 mvt vmas ft. nicki minay!
like... ariana with nicki together are like a bomb
it took her til the last day of the primaries and the super delegates to get enough delegates for the nom.
you were not following the dem primary very closely. hrc wrapped it up long before the 'last day'
no, it is very much not. not as long as i have a tv show.
if bernie, warren, obama, michelle and hrc can control the media and have great debates, they will win.
for my birthday i got the worst ipsy bag i don't like any of this stuff
yo worst ipsy bag ever
it's nearly time - watch from 6pm cet for a facebook live from , with special guests...
the always-on-time / swiss me cannot wait :) currently working at a f5 refresh 60 times a minute rate!
that day will forever be the funniest
"look the subway commercial is on" get the turkey of the day!! dude i'm dying rn
. hope you can tune in to live stream &amp; send in some qs! on at 10:45-11:50!
i got the livestream working -- but didn't have schedule. thank you!
i'm using that now "holy poodle fiddlesticks".
please send royalty fees to pepper genetik inc (i'll accept payment in coffee)
i thought you wanted at least one person to admit
hahaha you're right thank you for proving my point
training camp 11 days preseason 15 days opening night 39 days sn.
- redemption? coming next june!
so y'all can be mad catch attitude every time you get blasted? naw we coo
unlike yall we dont give a fck bout losing no damn video game. lol
this is the best thing ever
do the dancers in the game get one? offices need one
pats go 11-5 with matt cassell, beat a superbowl worthy team today with no gronk or tom? yea brady a system player speak on it
the defense was like top 5 in the league that year. speak on that
the death of was "wrongful" enough for her family to get money, but not "wrongful" enough for someone to be held accountable.
i agree with you! when they are called to action it should be determined who will shoot instead firing unnecessary shots.
they hate you less
that's no longer a given.
this trump event was the most cynical thing i've ever seen a national candidate do, and i covered paul ryan.
yet, you were all there swooning so about what he'll be wearing, and what he will say. so many pimps so little news
trump now leads by more than 6 pts in national , ahead of clinton with likely voters in all age groups
why did you lie about sexual predator roger ailes, helping your campaign?
lmfao very brave .
only the brave survive
that's exactly what that means
if you dont shutcho fat lepprechaun looking ass the fuck up. go run a lap you round ass bitch.
wow! it looks fantastic. was this your first time trying it?
yeah it was.
saying bye to efren was one of the saddest things i've done in a while
the last time was when you said bye to me
.'s : in health care today, the only constant seems to be change.
i got another one for you: bad statistical methods
john king: "we just got played. we just got played. and voters can decide what to make of that."
anyone voting for is an idiot
psst: if you want the media to be more responsible-as i do-don't make criticisms where you say all journalists are awful, or credulous, etc
will you settle for all major network "journalists" are credulous? anyone who appears on tv 3+ times a day is playing a role.
i hate this election.
it's actually the 110% worst one in our lifetime by a longshot.
hillary's intention is not only to bring black people "to heel", she plans to bring all of us to heel.
that skeleton is mad
nahhhh butcthat bitch is bad tho rt : niggas really said kash doll over bernice... i hate y'all for real lol
i love her bro but come on smh
yea if some girl came out the cut and called my bf handsome i'd keep my eyes on her
right. but men pull a "oh thats you?!" &amp; then yal go play ball.
again, i agree to an extent. when a member of the ya community is genuinely hurt, or feel endangered in real life by death threats,
must be nice to have all of the benefits of a community without any concern for the safety of its members.
it's good (and dennis is super helpful), but ai still feels cold/abrasive/impersonable/wrong fit for users.
i hear you matt and hard at work. she is in good form though :)
here's the thing: what do reporters do? protest him an not cover? he responds with "see? unfair!" plays his base.
i'm pretty sure there were few if any bridges left
i know, i support a bigot, hope i'm proud, i listen to what they both say and do, i will hold him accountable, ....
there was some rambling there. are you drinking during the day?
girl its becoming so easy for me that it scares me rt : i'm a professional. phd in you do not exist lol
girl i know what you mean. gift and a curse
bernie sanders: "i honestly don't know" why young people like me more than hillary clinton
bernie, do something else. david brock has already got that covered.
jh @ twitter: march 28, 2011 - september 15, 2016....1998 days in total! obligatory badge &amp; laptop shot.
best of luck john!
trump's destructive validation of racists racial prejudice isn't 1 prob among many. it's a special category of wrong
yet it never exists unaccompanied.
some in the black community will not be satisfied, till they see white people getting lynched in america
lumumba, then exile yourself from this great nation, spew your hatred elsewhere
are you guys ever going to enforce the "no smoking within 30ft of public entrances" rule, or do i have to die first?
it's ridiculous how often i have to walk thru tobacco smoke clouds every single time i go to marillac. it's gross!
i don't see either in your near future
i definitely see the 3rd title coming soon
live on : real talk week 2--answering all your week 2 nfl questions
will you be in state college this weekend?
i'm going to pass on that.
but is it a real thing? if so, ewwww.
i'm crying literally
that was the funniest shit ever dude we were crying. yan said fuck it and noah drank the shit too
pig trump was forced to admit obama was us born. so he had to do what he does best. lie.
is the candy trump used to attract the racists. they flocked to him like flies to shit.
lmfao how ima drive a caaahhrrr!!!??
rereading and dying
rail wars is good actually
ok i unironically like rail wars tho
i meant the reason why most choose sex work. the asians human trafficking with the russians but no high aids rates for them
the asian and russian made it an enterprise. either u dont make it out alive to get tested or the dont even allow raw.
happy fucking birthday to my brother 2017 another great year for you love you bro
happy bornday my brother
court won't drop julian assange rape investigation
still needs a little pussy
idk what it is but nowadays you self claiming "woke/conscience" folk got this ego about yourself like you're better than someone else cut it
errybody and they mama seen the secret my g, you ain't winning with no favor
harry reid: i don't buy the polls - "donald trump is a fraud."
worse yet. if he's a fraud, what are they, his supporters?
nope, no you cannot. it's literally as if we're living in george orwell's 1984.
yo but its chill that barack was still cool enough with hillary to make her secstate even after she said he was born in africa
lol i don't have makeup on in that pic maybe that's why
lol ok that could be it. hope all is well homey
i need to do somethin with my hair
bleach blonde, lol
the birther issue is not important to americans, its only important to the left wing media because they're the ones that keep pushing it!
so true, because hillary has no other platform then to attack trump, she has no policy period, only more of the same
that seems primed for account takeovers.
not if it just uses the standard "forgot my password" machinery.
someone get this guy a ticket
lights candle
in redding at dr mccarthys it was 100$ for the retainer they give u and the whitening kit was 40$ and lasted a long time
this gel stuff in syringes that u put in ur retainer before putting in on and wear for an hour then brush
u mean like dancing and changing the world and instilling passion and inspiration in us???? you're good at plenty, hun
mother
why i'm worried &amp; excited michael giacchino is scoring rogue one
this piece really encapsulates my thoughts on this. good job
lmao fuegoooo killing the shoe game lately
i helped pick them out
happy friday
how's it going??
advised judge of dropping charges after soto failed 2 show. also advised tt charges against thug soto will be dropped 2.
when u watch the clip, u wonder why the charges against the thug soto will be dropped as well, same deal as the arrest, shame.
be back in the morning lets link yall
tea and therapeutic convos hahaha
these kids can talk shit behind my back but they wont say it to my face outside of class lmao
bro ill run up on em
happy birthday cara lllysm have a great day girl
thanks monica love you!!
birther row began with hillary clinton supporters | via
hrc is a completely incompetent &amp; messes everything up. read colton e-mails. she is a traitor 2 the usa &amp; american!
&amp; liked my drawing.. excuse me, i must go explode now. (i'm gonna ride this high for days.)
bro you gotta draw sasha banks picture now
republican party regularly insults twice elected president's patriotism, creed and obstructs at any cost
stop it. not true!
i had a similarly funny dream about this time last year. lots of celebrity appearances in my dreams for some reason
these are great and also this makes me want to start writing down my dreams again
oh is that why they aren't speaking? somebody let their bravolebrity status go to her head?
say it isn't so. steph and brandi are not speaking??? i see a lot of pics of steph with carrie.
if you're still waiting for our episode, it's friday. go outside. have a drink. enjoy your day. ticc loves you and will be with you soon.
i'm going to kneel right here damnit
after a long rest, this is what comes back with - division!!
hillary's day was ruined by a very savvy and patriotic trump and the upper echelon of the military. she's run out.
new additions
new addition
thank you for proving my point.
no, you proved my point. i hope that's not your last name. you are a traitor to your people.
u were perfect! u founded the obama birther movement..that'll never go away&gt; lies
&gt;facefacts! hillaryclinton is not only the founder of obama's birther inquiry, she is a
please follow own media start-up, and one owned by an undocumented immigrant. more news on very soon .
, done; followed!
i didn't see su's visits with bamba and randolph reported anywhere else. maybe they were, but i couldn't find it.
i don't think you missed it anyhow. i was just saying that general. i don't see it mentioned anywhere.
no one deserves *that*
she didn't text me to hang out so i am slightly sore about it
are you serious ...because you're clean! is all kinds of shadiness.
if that's an example of "cleanliness", i give up.
the more you know i guess :)
i mean, i guess that's kinda the idea. :3
the difference between donald and hillary is that he is a businessman ($) and she's a politician (power).
emotional rhetoric "adds" to the corporation's appeal (aapl and donald, for example). at the end of the day we're consumers
but this is all irrelevant. the fact is trump didn't allow the official pool to go with him, successfully avoiding answering any questions.
only correct thing to do in response is don't publish pictures from the 'photo opp' portion.
you going be one bruh from new york that used do this in 80's. we need this.
yeah his name was dapper dan. all the high end brands sued him n stole his ideas.
i told my mom to change her pro pic to one of her and i. instead she changes it to one of her &amp; sarah. close enough
actually i am in this photo....she just cropped me out
ahhh, that's why. most of mine are at 10
24 hours is such a long commitment tho! i only have a couple 10s
dam a boogie, go down the street on central ave next to the gas station, they hook it up
what gas station ?
will you settle for all major network "journalists" are credulous? anyone who appears on tv 3+ times a day is playing a role.
i know, a lot of them are "pundits" or "correspondents" or just fucking chuck todd, but they're all part of an absurd theater.
the asian and russian made it an enterprise. either u dont make it out alive to get tested or the dont even allow raw.
unlike the movies, if u use drugs not theirs they dispose of you. u no good sick.
once emperor trump is crowned, you probably won't.
you don't seriously see him as an emperor do you? emperors were bloody, cruel murderers.
people forget that it's only week 2 there are 14 games left. jeez
"i have never felt so pessimistic about a bills team in a few years this early on"
lmao real shit
joceline looked at noah like i already gotta deal w/ eating the 6 inch.. don't do me like that dawg
yo but its chill that barack was still cool enough with hillary to make her secstate even after she said he was born in africa
she didn't say that. see current convo unfolding with and . that was one rouge staffer who was fired...fast
yes, sir. when nightcrawler and logan take him to a bar to get drunk and straighten him out for two-timing on kitty.
that's a good one.
it's ridiculous how often i have to walk thru tobacco smoke clouds every single time i go to marillac. it's gross!
seriously! why are we not enforcing that rule? some people have breathing problems/asthma. it's irresponsible.
wow. not according to the constitution.
jose morales is an expert on united states constitutional law.
normal conversations with my mom
thats so not funny :/
paycheck lookin fat, it's sour season for ya boy
i was stuck off the sour last night
i wish the 4th was 'real' so i could listen to what's on tv through my headphones
apple tv supports bluetooth headphones quite well.
audience engagement + analytics at
now that's our kinda talk! enjoy!
i think the deodorant i use works for me fine, thank you very much
then i ain't talking about you thank you very much
what gas station ?
central ave is a long ass strip
me too. at one time my personal library looked like i was studying to find the perfect murder.
i used to get embarrassed buying them at book store. did not want people to think i was a whack.
it's actually the 110% worst one in our lifetime by a longshot.
some of the worst moments in political media history in this election. it's really gross.
tooooo pumped for lic
holy fuck were meeting up
anyone have good dermatologist reccomendations
dr.azar on northern!
'paints' its largest in june 2015, when the cameras on new horizons spacecraft first spotted the
(cont) mvic on nh captures pluto's moon charon and red n pole , mordor macula - processed methane from pluto
let me knoe if it sucks or dosnt
most likely it won't suck lol only thing i don't like is that there's no headphone jack so u have to use the charger connection
ted nugent roasts 'deplorable' hillary: she is 'dishonest,...
ted, thanks for being our voice!
i have to remind myself it's early and i can't text everyone i know about how good boston is (the band, the town sucks).
this is so true
donald trump said hillary clinton started the birther movement. that's false.
&amp; it's the media responsibility to start calling the liar &amp; conman he actually is!
is at level for terrible cs. or die! haha
there should be member levels for like with rental cars where you ride x times and become premium for quicker pickups
do you play hots? because i'm pretty sure i just played against you on battlefield of eternity if you were medic. saw the 501st tag.
it was probably my brother on my account.
pilot is sick. we have the 4wd ex-l (should've got touring in retrospect, was trying to be wise ).
bam! good to hear.
lovely saturday evening tunes , where we've been sending for the past 25 years!
thanks for being such a great partner and for making beautiful music for residents!
i know! ellen needs to keep her hands to herself and stop harassing infants
when she woke up the baby who was taking a nap i was furious
you may want to check the delegate count, because you are wrong.
you might not like super delegates, but they are a part of the dem nominating rules.
"they're using a taptic engine, our weapons aren't able to track them!"
"modulate shield taptics!" "it's no good, they're adapting too fast!"
. welcome! glad you can tune in. if you need it, full schedule is here:
thank you! between you, &amp; i'm surprised title isn't more like... devices + data + access + hacking :)
cnn's calls donald trump's event a "political rickroll"
djt manipulating d media with his handpicked surrogates 4 selfish reasons is deplorable,his birtherism theory is racist,prd
you are like, one of the coolest human people of all time. i"m intimidated by your coolness.
what omg!!!! thank u but don't be intimidated i'm just a silly little bean!
she didn't say that. see current convo unfolding with and . that was one rouge staffer who was fired...fast
oh no no dude, that was very heavy sarcasm.
is so sexy
--- you fellas are too good to a silly little otter
i got whiplash at this one, //
diff.-not mandated. not "gov't" money/big waste program
pm modi is obsessed with taking credit for any thing &amp; everything, he forgot his sports minister's achievement @ rio
dude u r tweeting this and in us standing hand in hand with anti india groups
allowing rivers to keep 40% of their flow... too much? not enough? depends on who you ask. last take today:
40% an improvement but still less than . where's the balance there?
corrects quote: trump ends his embrace of birtherism: "president barack obama was born in the united states. period"
there is no history of erasing the birther act that he started. all this is a stunt for the african american votes. lol!
underappreciated tweet by :
well, i retweeted. i think its a git joke, right?
i'll add this to my collection.
few weeks ago, a guy in my office played nature sounds out loud on his phone during .
imo the second you are not allowed to stand up for what you believe in is when you should walk out the door
i agree that you should be able to walk out the door, but not everyone has that luxury.
yo a queen. lmaoooo i love that show
-walks into market- -looks at guy stocking shelves- excuse me, did your brother pass away 4 years ago? i'm a medium
sister mary has ' something ' about her lmao
i'm thinking 2 things
mother is that u
papa can you hear me
did you read the gary jackson poem?
not yet. i have it open in a tab.
wow that's awesome y'all rocked it out love it can't wait for y'all to tear the house down here in nashvagas
so glad you liked it, it was so much fun!! if you haven't already, come like us on facebook!
me too. at one time my personal library looked like i was studying to find the perfect murder.
i am intrigued and look for reasons, but 40 plus yrs later still don't remotely understand it.
what does mean?
it means that the chickenhawk militarist had his draft status of 1a mysteriously reclassified to 4f in 1968.
why november? mine's coming soon. lol
i bought the regular iphone 7 for now. but i ordered the 7 plus jet black 256gb lol
what about when dukes called for joceline n we was heading to stuart pool
on top of that left her 6 incher in our fridge. she had. a bad day dude fr
don't know there's a ton of em lol i got the swift playground. i'ma start her with that and then go from there
my kids are 7 &amp; 9 and they enjoy and -- haven't heard os swift playground; i'll check it out.
breaking news: trump backed off birther claims: "president barack obama was born in the united states, period."
this headline is misleading and irresponsible
icymi today is launching from vandenberg air force base in ca. has written up details
we have to thank for camera, for sat, for rocket and for operation of sat
. i've never risked my life for anything. but and i share an idealism re future and tech
dude, snowden was a russian sleeper spy.
cnn's don lemon: "you have to give" donald trump "credit" for the campaign press release about birtherism
for exactly what?
its crazy how when im sleep loud noise wont wake me up but if someone quietely steps in my room ill still wake up i can feel the presence
i feel bad for all my future niggas who try to be sneaky while im sleep cuz i can sense everything
wait what? never heard of eames?!?! lol. i think we need a master class in architecture for you sean :p
nah, i'm good-i've shopped at design within reach, so i'm a master craftsman now!
no idea. hoping someone buys them so we can find out lol
i was considering it but there's no point if it's for play now offline.
i know, a lot of them are "pundits" or "correspondents" or just fucking chuck todd, but they're all part of an absurd theater.
not to be confused with being part of the theater of the absurd. they're illustrations of, not commentary on, it.
its a fact u crats are here for our amusement
it is amusing.
they're precious ugh
those would be your kids
those not willing to vote hrc (understandable) keep scotus in mind. push for a progressive nominee
after almost 50yrs of a right-wing court, there is a chance to shift the court left.
not sure if serious
lol no unfortunately i had to get a tooth implant ~justassexy~
me, too! my first thought when he cried underbudget.
he is used to having control and thinks if he say period that's it.the issue that got him here may be his undoing.
taking the scenic route from vegas to san jose...
are u in san jose right now?
on twitter and cable nets i've never heard reporters more brazenly call trump a liar
too late, won't matter
. might be just the filmmaker needs
must have left is everyday balloons at home
thanks to my top interactors! via
fred, thank you so much; a grand weekend to all!
um why is your name joke
cause that's what i am read my bio
if that's an example of "cleanliness", i give up.
how un-american of you. no! you continue and you fright for who best represents you.
watch: trump ignores press as they ask questions about trump's sudden flip-flop on obama birth conspiracy theories.
the whole world just watched a powerful supporting of trump he agrees potus was born here a one liner.. genius
i have a friend who is part of the inspiration for kashmir. this friend is persian and he's great at snark and pranks that don't do harm.
one of my favorite of his pranks was related to a stamp. a friend visiting him from outside the us was sending a postcard. she used a stamp.
you're just a second away from being in love or aloneeeee
did you hear the oil in water album? the version on there is really cool
in 4 years we get to do it again, this will be a wake up call to both parties, you have said 2 party system has to go.
100% ,but this election has exposed the deep rooted racism that exists. unfortunately the right and gop is caught in it.
it's launch day!!!
what a photo!
listening to kelela - the high (dj j heat jersey club remix) by on
bruh, shit is too
kinda amazed at this. apple won't let teenage developers publish apps.
teenagers can't own a business or a bank account by themselves either in the us. i think it's out of their hands.
look yummy to me!
it's hearty. not my thing. prefer asian soups, and international soups. love gazpacho.
i just entered ! enter with us here:
ayyyy what did you enter????
good morning ! have fun at today.
. that so much! thx for the justin herman plaza shout-out.
'paints' its largest in june 2015, when the cameras on new horizons spacecraft first spotted the
(cont)mvic on nh captures pluto's moon charon's n pole: mordor macula: red from processed methane from pluto
a dick, but still
very true on both counts.
holding a gun doesn't mean you should get shot. you sir are wrong.
reaching into your waistband for a pistol is justifiable use of deadly force.
that is roughly how much the playoff odds have jumped. what's illogical? the accuracy of playoff charts?
is this trolling or serious?
if you want to see the normalization of racism, it's the host of the tonight show interviewing a racist demagogue without bringing it up.
again. i'm doing a campaign about matt lauer's insincerity.
i'm awful at making decisions ugh
i'm really good..... at making bad decisions
how is there no in-n-out anywhere near downtown oakland?!?!?
oakland has gotten too hipster even for in-n-out -- come to the city
week 6 and my econ teacher knows none of our names... and he spelt my name cellila... the fuck
is this caldie?
bribing with green is a pretty surefire way to get shit done
definitely xdd it's like i get my second wind
no, say it isn't so! don't turn around. still take it to the store for review. how bad is the scratch? ^krn
it's really small, i went in but they don't have the phone that i want
press is standing on chairs screaming at trump to take questions
so, absolutely nothing else going on in the rest of the world?? corporate media blows.
congress de-fund refugee programs.obama,soros,hillary.want to destroy our nation by massive debt,muslim invasion.
thats what will have to happen if we want to see this stopped in our lifetime. our govt. is corrupt, no doubt
good morning, people of the world! don't be fucking assholes today.
too late. humans can't help themselves.
who are you voting for?
thanks! lol! well written,unbiased poll
this is one of my favourite images from
someday you should visit the photonics center- 7 floors of beautiful light-related art.
donald is a politician who makes mistakes and lies....and he sells snake oil
trump doesn't have 30+ years of failed policies, destruction, crimes, habitual lying like
paradox funny you mention that, i've been looking to plan a trip there! , you in?
in!!! i've never been to seattle before
do you think we're in another housing bubble?
i think there are a lot more people with large amounts of equity in their properties.
don't tell me the disrespect isn't real.
fuck the media. y'all always want to put my people on a worst dressed list, then turn around and bite our style. we're birthing y'all.
i agree that you should be able to walk out the door, but not everyone has that luxury.
that is one of my sanity checks for new jobs nowadays. but not too long ago, i was in debt, had kids, and rent to pay.
considering who your candidate is, i'm sure you can understand our frustration.
i'm not a republican!!! registered independent and i voted for obama. totally non biased
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
have a good human kgt hs437
no, i'm driving up after insight for storage field day, in rainy london right now...
ok... see u at insight. sunny in san jose right now ;-)
i get the vibe that the entire world will only embrace clean energy and sustainable living when the world is truly in shambles
tho i hope that as a species we can come together before that occurs
i intend to \m/
some vids as well
i'll settle for those people often don't do much reporting, it's usually their producers, &amp; many of them are quite lame
producers are business people. their job is to generate revenue. they don't care about the integrity of the content.
suv shopping these days is hard. too expensive, nothing great. eyeing grand cherokee, explorer, tahoe, yukon, 4-runner but not stoked.
the gc comes highly recommended
jimmy fallon messed up donald trump's hair &amp; the internet had a field day:
the only way that was funny was if you took out clippers and gave him a buzz cut. and shame on you for having him on at all
no no no i make plans about things i can control and i'm sure would kick us out the 2nd day ( &lt;-- back @ u )
no joke, come visit or stay in a hotel, the offer stands. i won't be as good a host as was for me in madrid. but i try
one of my favorite of his pranks was related to a stamp. a friend visiting him from outside the us was sending a postcard. she used a stamp.
he handed her his book of stamps--he's the kind of man who keeps stamps in his writing desk. she peels one off &amp; sticks it to the postcard.
congress de-fund refugee programs.obama,soros,hillary.want to destroy our nation by massive debt,muslim invasion.
start with not paying taxes
time. read this and you could win a code for : the collection on xbox one. good luck.
columbia. i want to ride on the rails!
much respect to mr. trump!! an amazing morning for you! bravo!!
as far as he's concerned, it is over if hillary continues, she's only trying to put her own words in his mouth.worm
the joins and to talk about... water?
water is all wet and so are you
i feel like we are screwing over our grandchildren by not accurately recording human sentiment, trends, hive mind evolution etc
the future is already here but not evenly distributed, right?
yes bitch congrats slay
youre adorable
third week of classes and i just took a quiz on the syllabus for a course.
yeah this might be a lonnnnngggg semester
if you went to walmart after and bought a tarp duct tape shovel and rope then id be worried!!
we probably wld no all the tricks watch all the shows read all the books. sucks to be xpert on that
he played a great game last night, absolutely.
&amp; my point was those td's were big last year. for context if he managed one last week....2-0
each candidate is so disliked, they lose ground when media focuses on them. now moving away from hrc to trump, so...
the conclusion: americans of both parties are full of self loathing.
the boss will detect that you are frozen and do a dash attack! thoughts?
great idea! dastardly!
will it be available (to physical sell) in portugal?
yes we can ship to portugal.
the widow of s.c. sen. clementa pinckney, who was gunned down in charleston: his killer shouldn't have had a gun.
thank god nothing else flared.
when life is good, you throw some bacon on it, am i right? watch me perform "bacon" live on :
yes happy birthday sweet nick your 24 haha. your very talented and you have alot of girls and women who loves you
share that love...
heavenly
everything you need to know about the upcoming election-in one place:
this isn't bias
anyone else experiencing "cannot connect to itunes store" when restoring in app purchases on ios 10 xcode 8 beta 4?
seems to be down. get the same error just trying to update an app right now.
it was just a mess and everyone just went back to boring bs
real mess ... they went 180 .. i'm going to ask dom about it weekend lol
your a poster child for abusive governmental stockholm syndrome! sorry my delusional friend history only repeats.
see this is all just right wing jargon. meaningless.
shouldn't be getting heat just because i look "able bodied",
agreed that you shouldn't have offer yr seat, but it would be nice if one of the other straphangers in that car did.
media liberals are raging because the "birther" issue was hillary's only ammo for the debates. trump just took it from her. haha.
the party's over for the media n dems.
so trump said clinton started the birther movement (she didn't), that he stopped it (he didn't) and that obama was born in us (he was).
which means the only thing that trump didn't lie about, was the lie that he himself made up and has propagated for years.
nothing trump can say will ever erase the fact that for 5 years he tried to delegitimize america's 1st black president w/racist .
- &amp;4 that, honorable non-racist americans even repubs with integrity, will remember &amp; refuse2 vote 4 him!
they invented this thing called shipping
ah yes, you can now ship rocks anywhere thanks to ups.
bye! rt : i appreciate &amp; respect everyone's right to free speech, but the politics on your feed are too much for me. i'm out.
thank you for weighing in on twitter. your tweets have exposed you as pensive, articulate, bright, nuanced, fun, witty and insightful.
oh yeah ill let her know because her marketing team now sucks. i just can't work for her. you know how old jamaicans are
oh nah. she an old jamaican woman? i'm taking back my offer lol
i have 3 stages of high: space fox, interstellar fox, and fish.
yeah you do have a pretty low tolerance like
u were perfect! u founded the obama birther movement..that'll never go away&gt; lies
&gt;facefacts! is not only the founder of obama's birther inquiry, she is a
did hillary clinton start the birther movement? - our fact check from may w
factcheck if is genius. the man truly is.
it really b breakin my heart lmao playin wit action figures but talkin tough sis
like you wouldnt smack them right out those yeezy's that they swears makes them bout it hahaha.
taco trucks on every street corner? calls that 'absolutely delicious.'
now that is funny lol
happy friday! what book will you be reading this weekend?
hunger of memory....perfect read for a teacher in washington heights.
a certain video game company ive always wanted to work for emailed me back for an interview after i just started my new job....
you gotta take that interview
good luck and god bless
yeah follow up insult with your hypocritical self-righteous piety
happy friday! is ! be sure to tune in at noon!
just changed channels. roginsky unable to move past birther. she's obnoxious!
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
"lie", you mean, donald. the word is "lie".
so are foundations
good foundations give out over 80% of the proceeds (ckinton's). corporations give out dividends to their shareholders.
producers are business people. their job is to generate revenue. they don't care about the integrity of the content.
did you catch the recent celeb jeopardy? michael steele, lara logan - neither of them knew current political events that were 1/
he handed her his book of stamps--he's the kind of man who keeps stamps in his writing desk. she peels one off &amp; sticks it to the postcard.
he says dryly "must be nice to be so rich." "what do you mean?" she says. "you used an entire stamp for a postcard," he says.
that's the right approach, to be fair.
you would think revoking press credentials would have done something but...so yeah, this will be all forgotten soon
cubs were a better tm. bull durham's error was huge. much much bigger mistake than buckner's.
flannery smoked that ball through leon's legs. buckner's was a slow roller detroit unbeatable ws that year. 35-5
no, i think we all have those feelings. seeing , , or cause me many issues. esp at night!
i can never think about the victims. makes my heart hurt. unfathomable
good i got worried. thanks for the update
lol wow i miss your humor
julie andrews hasn't changed much since the sound of music lol
the hills are alive
my phone keeps saying it cannot connect to itunes store, so my apps won't download. grrrr
same here.
eric trump circa january 2017: i had no idea i was tweeting the launch codes and i never heard of defcon 1.
for his fancy-dan education he's not too bright.
look what we found. cc:
good times you killed it that night dawg
the election is a big distraction from what we should be doing with our time and energy!
incredibly huge distraction, waste of time and resources...
it's always sunny in san jose, stefan ;) what are you doing out there?
almost always... tell u at insight .. flying out today
update: trump, who long trumpeted obama birth conspiracy theories, flip-flops and says pres. obama was born in us.
i didn't know that the "flip-flop" rules of presidential politics applied to . msm says they don't.
just yesterday, trump again refused to say with his own words that the president was born in the united states.
no no now now transparecy...your campaign said it first...
thank you so much teresa!
your welcome! i'm excited for you. what a journey since b-school conference, 2013 in nyc!
next to papis gas station, by el poblano
hann good shit dutch master flex god
riding you get daily evidence of how dire the is in exceedingly disturbed person on the 14r i'm on
a very common occurrence on the 6
truth to that. i'm actually curious if there are more boats being bought now.
we bought one. lol
aww your avi with your boothang is so cute!
thank you cat
last night was unreal. feels weird to have a team this good offensively. fitz was unconscious.
ecstatic! minus the hangover lol. fitz is the man . my auto correct capitalizes that and melo. lmao
great example of asking tough questions to both sides. here with a trump spox and a hillary surrogate:
:we all know that megan kelly is one of the most vindictive network talking heads. hates trump 4 outing her
the calm before the storm. let us know how that long run goes.
will do, i'll be running it with you guys at the 57th st store here in nyc
in my 76yrs i have learned ..please do not try to convince a liberal with facts. it confuses them.
you're right, it nevef works. you have to turn their own words back on them. just ask them questions, they usually cant answer
sitting on a flight- if anyone has a question shoot it my way &amp; will do my best to answer....
why no red/white scrimmage? is there going to be an open practice at msg?
to come back home for the weekend or just stay at monmouth
girl stop playing
is this leading to a lot of time unaccounted for?
more like matching drive times to receipt and toll tag times. showing where he could have been and at what time--lp
i could lead you to several articles but you'd most likely dismiss them because you're a reality denier
oh really? show me evidence. evidence. that's reality. accusations, opinion, twitter posts are not evidence. you got it? i'll wait.
yo chris wanna get boba guys after you pick up your phone?? (i need a boba emoji...)
did you pick it up yet? where you at? my pick up time was at 8:30... but i just woke up. heading to the store in 5
a tale of two push notifications.
those 4 minutes made for a much more enticing headline... worth it?
that's not a zarya skin tho
i'm trying to help you not be that guy, work with me here
ok who's selling me their 256gb jet black 7 plus?!
are you running a fingerprint forensics lab? cuz...well, you know. ja tu sabe
did you catch the recent celeb jeopardy? michael steele, lara logan - neither of them knew current political events that were 1/
outside their talking points...even when they were topically related. it was embarrassing. /2
even the hairy ones called dave?
ctfu hellz no
how is there not a hip-hop hypothesis?
there is! check the part about kanye and backpack rap.
idk but all i know is that it's pretty wack
why'd you freakin post it then
we're so excited for your event in palo alto on september 29!
me too! and seriously, thanks for putting me in the airport. little girls dream of such things
how do i get one? is this another one for ?
i'll email you a copy, alison. i have it scanned. i printed some for spx just to start to talk to people.
thank you.i will review it on my blog. do you have a contact name to request a review copy of the exhibition catalog?
for press inquiries:
lol i been with my dude on and off since 2006 (10 years) but officially 5.. now we live together and got a baby.. real shit
that is real shit. whatever is meant for you will always come back to you
of they do. it's a world. it up to the game and stop being when things get
emeraldy confused by these blanket stalagmites
didn't get to that yet! but sheesh!!!!!
i am sorry about this julia. lmao
illegal immigrants in north carolina are demanding free college tuition
isn't that interesting. i guess if the other clown making millions can disrespect the flag, these idiots can claim whatever.
where are you on university today? looking for my poutine fix!
1344 university ave
no, i think we all have those feelings. seeing , , or cause me many issues. esp at night!
it was getting a bit dark so i switched off 2 a fiction and then linda thompson book.needed a break
when in doubt, always go with jell-o gelatin snacks. made with real fruit juices.
stop promoting your cancerous products.
it takes courage, regardless of what it may cost you, to say no this is no longer acceptable. powerful stuff. thank you .
but she stands for the national anthem of a country that is on the human rights watchlist.
no one cares. hillary's sinking like a rock. it's over.
simply untrue. she's still leading with 6 weeks. see you at the debates assuming you're allowed up from
president obama says he's 'not that shocked' birther issue is back
the sharia law muslim brotherhood, anti american asshole thing will never go away!
$20 tickets for all my us shows today until 10pm! use code: amirnatural where prompted
got our tickets full price but hey we support you man
do you think it's feasible to slow down, though? we consume content faster than ever it's crazy.
i do. i consistently refer back to good content producers for recipes&amp;general reading enjoyment. i drift away if quality .
we're so excited for your event in palo alto on september 29!
(or at least they did in 1975)
but why are they all wearing dress shirts to pull a dog out of a hole? via
maybe they're all just wearing "shirts"
no one cares. hillary's sinking like a rock. it's over.
your man's crotch
watching reunion episode the entire team: (looking stunning)
it was on again?! i missed it the 1st time
i didnt go to private school but know alot of friends that did and came out to do horrible life choices and didnt reach their full potential
i think that has to do more with the friends they kept or the choices they personally made, however...
watch your mouth that's my girl
my fault i thought she was single
fox news get this angry nasty bitch julie r off your show 12pm. many of us despise this witch. i changed the channel again!
yep, same here, shes awful
on top of the thoughtful, subtle way imagines robot subversives, the show is also a western about the horrors of colonization.
does it have roman world and medieval world in it? who is playing dick van patten?
mt shasta from above.
welcome home
track 13: 95 is the new 20
track 14: album longer than my
happy friday. pre book a with me today at &amp; get 5 extra mins. free. don't miss out.
youre beautiful
no, i think we all have those feelings. seeing , , or cause me many issues. esp at night!
i read the light between oceans. fantastic book
the only bluetooth ones i have are studios and they're too much for casual tv stuffs :(
decent bluetooth headphones start around $15 - $20 now. i've got some from amazon that aren't bad.
cuz the person that posted it only took like one of me
stop being selfish i always take a bunch of you
top clinton surrogate in 2008 "repeatedly suggests that barack obama is a native of somalia"
trump finally admitted what everyone with an iq above 40 knew, that his racist effort to legitimatize obama failed.
before michelle obama, what livecast song would get stuck in your head over and over?
havana , robba and my next my back
it means that the chickenhawk militarist had his draft status of 1a mysteriously reclassified to 4f in 1968.
had he not used his father's influence to obtain reclassification you can be sure that he was headed for a section 8.
he says dryly "must be nice to be so rich." "what do you mean?" she says. "you used an entire stamp for a postcard," he says.
"it's only a postcard so you only need half a stamp." she looks at him for a while. then they both burst out laughing (because she knew.)
donald trump takes credit for "finishing" the conspiracy theory he helped start via
birth certificate and hair are real, he is a fake.
i feel like "entrepreneur" is one of those labels you shouldn't be allowed to give yourself like "fascinating" or "brilliant."
thank you! it's almost always a red flag when i see it on a linkedin profile.
think you would appreciate this! for real, not mocking. to kevin's point about chain familiarity
also i'm aware this is not chili's but similar sentiment :)
and we no longer believe the ap anyway.
bad, even terrible attempts to cover this insanity on social. yet ap is still the standard bearer
we maybe can't climb a mountain - but not even can take it's beauty from us join &gt;
hello love cheers . . . .
"thanks but i'll pass" "can you recommend a better colleague?" "no it's my beat" "so you'll take the meeting" "no i'll pass" "can you rec--"
pr bosses still never learn that no means no
are you people serious? the man is fucking crazy
trump is a saint up against the most corrupt manipulative habitual lying manic to ever run 4potus
don't matter - both are not worth tweeting about -- wasting our energy. both are in it for themselves.
correct! in different manners.
thanks for hosting our group today . looks like lots of yummy nutritious food in the pantry!
always a pleasure having the team in to volunteer! thanks to everyone helping make our free pantry better than ever
we disagree on his performance last year. and yes, last week's loss stunk
he wasn't "great". but he made plays. finding a qb is hard
watching reunion episode the entire team: (looking stunning)
seems like i missed the reunion again
i didnt go to private school but know alot of friends that did and came out to do horrible life choices and didnt reach their full potential
public schools only need the kids to "pass" while private schools need the kids to excel... they'll push your kids more
update: fled. i yelled "where are the details of your charitable donations!" at volume of man warning of volcanic eruption.
thank you for staying on this issue!
oak plan is out there. no public money outside infrastructure &amp; can't give you coli because a's have long lease
it is what it is. you can't pretend there's more that could be done given the circumstances.
what did he do
he had donald trump on his show, in front of his all-black band, and treated him like his best friend
. you must have flunked economics at fordham (when you didnt get into penn). your plan is jibberish
the differences between mc &amp; djt is mc's money is real &amp; djt's isnt his is borrowed or fake calculations
thanks for the tweet!
it's a *great* piece. important and very well written. keep up the great work!
you may want to check the delegate count, because you are wrong.
clinton won the primary by nearly 1,000 delegates.
shout out to this harlem cafe concealing their 'b' rating as a 'brunch' sign
at least it's not brun c h
did his daughter call your office?
i'm not gonna say who. great people though. some of the best, smartest people.
that's bastion not mei
bastion is the cancer, mei is chemo
i have a big surprise for you guys. join me on facebook live in a bit to celebrate.
i assume you announce to not endorse trump! what a great day it would be for such a statement!
wow thank you
there's no thanks necessary, keeping being yourself, i like it
why on earth?
doing something different i guess.
oppression is profitable
white supremacy is profitable
sorry but he lost me by giving that monster airtime in a fun-loving way.
yeah he lost me last night to. i know jf is a non political guy but he glorified a hateful racist and bigot
yo you talking crazy right now chill out
nigga fuck you. you and her can hum on me
trump admits birtherism is a lie. so, was he lying when said in '11 his "detectives" found "unbelievable" things about obama birth certif?
. trump probably has not been truthful abt anything since he learned the art&amp; potential profits of lying!
krauthammer: trump is a brilliant strategist &amp; he is playing the msm like a fiddle &amp; it is working
hillary is still sliding, run out of diatribes against trump, still doesnot dwell on policy; 23min speech to bash dt
he had donald trump on his show, in front of his all-black band, and treated him like his best friend
the internet is not happy about it
this is amazing
i love this
oh, wow! you ordered all the right things for sure. are you a san jose native?
san francisco native but i'm always driving all over the buy to try new foods!
no rambling, focused like a laser beam, sick of hypocrisy, lack of a balanced accountabilty by the media on both sides.
first time you've ever said that. the racism that this campaign brought to the surface is scary. fed on hate and fear.
help! there's a really cute boy in my chem lecture with a life of pablo shirt. i am screaming
offer to suck his dick i'm sure he will be down 4 it
poor anthony ...so delusional
don't be mad because la was blocked
great, thank you. i still miss my mum (i think one always does) and id like another perspective.
oh alison, i didn't know
that nj trip sucked so bad but we had so many laughs!
fucking donna called me michelle obama. fucking jungle hoe
we consume stories in headlines and statements. this'll show up as trump is not a birther, and people not paying attention will take it.
now i want to hear him admit that president obama is a christian.
we are proud to work with , , and to achieve plastic free seas.
plastic free seas. could be an ad for extraterrestrial tourists.
playback: messes up 's hair
so it's not a toupee but a horrible hair transplant. now time 2 release his medical records &amp; taxes
we're on the buses heading towards vandenberg. hold on to your butts!!
launch time window is 11:30 - 11:45 am pst
do you think it's feasible to slow down, though? we consume content faster than ever it's crazy.
example: watched ur chickpea nibble scope. couldn't make it that day, but it's in my head &amp; pulled out can to do this weekend.
12 pm. . joining , , and .
you ruined todays show with your big fat m
lemme not get things out of perspective. im always grateful for my life and the things i have going on but today i'm just real fuckin mad
listen, i can make all those boxes in your parking lot disappear inside of two hours, i can send a guy
ooooooh she want a michael, she don't do jermaines (hehe)
prince with the hundreds yeah, purple rain (hehe)
donald trump ends his longstanding embrace of birtherism: "president obama was born in the united states. period"
birth certificate and hair are real, he is a fake.
"it's only a postcard so you only need half a stamp." she looks at him for a while. then they both burst out laughing (because she knew.)
they were good friends. but when i see people saying they don't get involved, i always remember that line: "must be nice to be so rich."
oh god yes.
lmao. just as well that i'll be in the air and ignorant for the next 10 hours.
a truth placed in a sandwich of two lies doesn't make a hero. it makes it a sh*t sandwich. (concerning trump birther announcement)
lol at the msm being trolled for free publicity. he plays all of you like a fiddle and you keep coming back for more.
just ran over a squirrel. not a great feeling. it had been a really long time.
better than swerving, but, yeah, never a good feeling. i'll pour some out for our furry friend.
so after 2 months of test of this mysterious huge mass on my dog.. i just found out she doesn't have cancer! i'm so happy. thank u jesus!!!
won't he do it?!?!
[new] creative spaces tv | nyc street artist mark samsonovich! watch now &gt;
todays vlog will be out this weekend. have you watched the new creative spaces tv tho?!
and the only time you had cut your hair!
short hair cony!
*spoilers*i thought phi phi should have won the lsfyl and katya should have gone home b4 alyssa!(im gonna die now!)
nope, not when roxxxy andrews is still in the game. hate all you want, but she deserved to go home over alyssa.
white supremacy is profitable
incarcerating black/latinx/indiginous peoples is profitable
you can just feel the drill and stuff. like no stop that
oh i dont think you understand. he opened up my entire gum and drillled like a 2 inch titanium rod into it. it was lit
mqotd: what's more tragic? the slaughter of cattle for consumption. or the euthanization of an over populated system of orphan house pets?
either one works for me
thanks model papi was inspired by all your nyfw work for this last shoot
means the world to me!
hey and - you've given trump complete control of your air. he's playing you and you succumb. proud of yourselves???
he finished, huh?
how much did you pay for this? it looks bland as hell lol
i didn't. i'm a patient. if i did i'd ask for my money back
lol!! yea, me too!! hey i like your new profile pic.
yes i like your new pic. i need a new one. somebody tweeted me that i was like a thousand years old
why did trump wait to address "birther" issue today? "to promote his hotel," says
birth certificate and hair are real, he is a fake.
who's in san francisco?? bout to catch this plane out there for the weekend! with
tap in! i'm here for you ! you need some ?
this is neat !
i have had this on my phone for ages. :p
oh god yes.
and properly liquored up. :)
yep. plenty of time to revert to their typical stance.
watch msnbc for the largest gaff of the day. they tend to revert to sensationalism when ratings slump during the midday.
i get what he is trying to say, but geez...take the temperature of the room.
what's the take? injuries are bad and jets are really good?
what if you just happened to chill in the store with a group of like minded folks in an orderly fashion?
i'm at the front of the 9:00 line now. but here's the 8:00 line:
when you hear this play on greys anatomy you know someone's about to die
next week!!!
this is what i do with my time... building virtual houses to show ppl
have you got any we can climb in and hide....
excite to interview at and discuss the future ...here is what they launched today
is stocktoberfest broadcast online?
gah damn y'all really lowered the bar on who gets verified
i just saw a fb post of some "nobody" getting verified! i'm sumbmitting my req. bout 2twitter stunt on every1
i just thought up an iphone 7 joke
ahahaha i cannot wait to hear your joke. is it about the home button? the scratches? the headphone jack? ahahaha. i cannot wait.
just in: trump: "president barack obama was born in the united states, period"
birth certificate and hair are real, he is a fake.
omfg what is this hahahha
i found it in my time hop
holy fuck! i had no idea that footlocker was still in business. i haven't seen one since 1998
are you serious
nope, not when roxxxy andrews is still in the game. hate all you want, but she deserved to go home over alyssa.
but it's still despicable to drag phi phi for the same decision alaska made.
spent 1.5hrs cleaning the deck and that little dirt pile is all that is left-- covered the whole place-!!!!
broom&amp;hose game was strong!
a mass refusal to engage in prison labor began on september 9, the anniversary of the 1971 attica prison uprising.
fun fact : opposed parole in bc she'd lose prison workers. liberal!
new york's free internet kiosks are getting a big downgrade
most of these people are hillary's non deplorable crowd that can't afford an id in order to vote for her. aren't we all fucked up?
all i got was this jet black rock
i'm pretty jealous over here. though i chose matte, so mine will be a much less shiny rock.
so what the article is saying is that aa want to remain poor, unemployed and live in unsafe neighborhoods that are falling apart!
no, but thanks for sharing how ignorant you are about how "aa"'s live. reminds me of someone you're voting for.
after several abortive, experimental attempts, i've worked out a workflow in maya for modular walls that isn't nuts.
now i can be like, productive again.... eeesh. :)
you guys plan on watching this?????
yeah. it looked real cool from the trailer
wow. cnn: the pool tv producer was physically restrained from going on trump's hotel tour, to prevent any questions.
. trolled for a hotel commercial. news at 11!
couldn't get to hug paula! so distraught!
i'm out doors! can't wait to see you.
i had originally said enunwa's ceiling was jordan reed/delanie walker 2.0. it is higher...maybe much higher.
lol apparently he's not a te....but he blocks, chips, hedges, lead blocks, traps.
sour beer + peach vodka? we've never thought of that combo. did you come up with that yourself?
yeah. it was good. we dod it until the bar ran out of peach eddy
btw, saw your ig post re: abandoned twitter. ditto! i don't use it cos everytime i visit &amp; ask "is anyone home?" no one answers
hey girl, i see you!
any dude wearing fubu in 2016 is definitely not afraid to smack you in the face in front of everyone.
i still wear coogi.
donald trump publicly says president obama was born in us
birth certificate and hair are real, he is a fake.
why no red/white scrimmage? is there going to be an open practice at msg?
sorry i didn't see theo's question. good luck!
yes i like your new pic. i need a new one. somebody tweeted me that i was like a thousand years old
if you guys watch rhobh you will know why yolanda got divorced. holy crap, david f0rster is an ass.
what question are you talking about?
curious what a "twitlonger" is.
hooked a good one, see you guys later.
great timing!! see you tonight!
they were good friends. but when i see people saying they don't get involved, i always remember that line: "must be nice to be so rich."
"must be nice, to be rich enough not to worry about my money."
totally agree, it just sucks when i see things like that :/
imagine how much it sucks to see poc die because of their stereotypes
court u look so good with this color and this whole look just holy glo up wowie
thank u miss u!!
all megyn does is try to stir up conflict and play gotcha....why drag this up again and again....don't watch her...
: is because kelly is substanceless. she is the lefts attack doggy. i can hear her &amp; hilarity moon howling.
please follow the new public advocate account for all the latest from my office. i'll still be tweeting my thoughts here.
r.a.cohen used confidential id's and pro hackers to target my family members for witness intimidation. 5 spring st 10012
now it gets real. the press finally figures out they've been getting played for months.
"for months?" how about "forever?!"
oh no i understand. all that shit is awful when it's not numb
have you gotten a tooth implant before?
i agree that you should be able to walk out the door, but not everyone has that luxury.
a space for "no" is a data point, but will starve without the larger landscape. recently i &lt;3 "aligned autonomy" label
it me, except after i finish that script i have ~25 more each week.
fuck. that.
i'm sick the black one is sold out
wat!? nooooooo it was up there yesterday
time for the dolphins to move on from mike pouncey
i agree, but what else is out there? even w/injuries last year, somehow he made the pro bowl (which is a joke, i know)
out in search of food... :( hate when i don't know what i want...
on a realness, walking to so many good spots and passing them by because the heart (and stomach) don't know what to eat
they got over the mountain ranges, and even still, you run into a wall. antarctica is not a continent, its an ice barrier
we who wear the black and guard the wall, take it seriously!
lic is gonna be lit tonight
im hoping i seeyou there omg i might cry
abby wambach: 'i had big problems' with hope solo's comments
you approve of solo's comments?
maybe i used it the wrong way but please explain the right way, thanks...
it says work out your salvation not meaning your works, all your good works are filthy rags isaiah 64:6, rather it means
america is one nation under god, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. not just for people who look or worship a certain way.
justice for all is something that means something else to you when it is time to take advantage of us
he told me to tell u to stop taking screen shots of my snaps
tell him he'll be aight
your mcm stood in line for an iphone 7.
are you talking bout who i think your talking about "oh i'm going home to get my new iphone."
what have you been doing with your thumb!!!....?
that's an ardsmuire thumb i bet!!
is marc jacobs even still legit in the fashion world? i'm confused.
i remember someone said 'marc jacob is hoodrat couture.' is that twitter ignorance or is that really how he's viewed??
breaking: trump admits obama born in u.s. but falsely blames clinton for starting rumors
this is your headline? the media is being duped
huzzah. enjoy! when you get back, want to watch my kids so i can go on a bender?
yeah, why not? :) also, let's go !
why does he have flowers
arzaylea. she was also posting about him yesterday so maybe it was an special day for them or something?
i mean - it should be disqualifying to only just accept that the current president was born in the us
given the length and fervor of his birtherism, he also can't imagine he won't have to prove his convenient new acceptance.
i'm creating a think tank to discover smart cities, would you post your tweet also at ?
i will check it out later...very busy at the moment.
that song got me the first time we heard it and it still does.
it's a masterpiece
that's such a bad excuse
and yet a frequent one for city agencies testifying on reporting bills.
yes, but it really should be called .
euphrates shield = jihadist shield. this event is no surprise to people in rojava, they were warning
lic is gonna be lit tonight
i'm literally getting teary eyed bc i miss you
i love fahrenthold's reportorial transparency here. we can all follow along!
i'm guessing it'll go to the "trump foundation."
i mean - it should be disqualifying to only just accept that the current president was born in the us
as there is a difference between "accept that i've lost this fight" and "accept the truth i was fighting against."
typical hilliary acolyte. you want the same obama media (i mean cheerleaders) we've had for last 8 years?
or do we go back to the good ole days when republicans were last in charge. trump will be g.w. bush iii.
have gone up drastically in the last 8 years, time for a change,
they must really trust him based on the support he's getting. white people wanna choose who's best for black people. right
the whole dreads thing you guys should be attacking marc jacobs instead of the models you're just desperate to drag gigi and kendall stfu
they're just
this is so bad, they're already running 1h behind.
my 6s battery is going to die before i get my 7.
exclusive: u.n. inquiry blames syrian military for chlorine bomb attacks - source
saudis do nothing but visit obama in the white house for tea with a media blackout. arrest obama now!
you must not have seen the movie san andreas
i actually did!! i'll take an earthquake over a hurricane, though
breaking: trump admits obama born in u.s. but falsely blames clinton for starting rumors
when are you going to come out with the headline "trump is a birther"
the misreporting of this trump shit is alarming, giving that, you know, people are paid to deeply understand and interpret these things.
no wonder people who aren't paid to be skeptical are misled not only by politicians but also lazy writers and "social media professionals"
i have it but haven't read it yet as not sure. i'm glad you said that!! thanks.
oh great book, well written and tragic story. i will say, get tissues ready.
high school football fans told to stop chanting "usa, usa"
wow! how progressive we have become when patriotism is shunned!
disparities even exist across public schools in different boroughs.
absolutely agree. in cali the quality of ed between districts was directly correlated w the socio-economic status of the area.
trump today: 270 words on his hotel. 67 words on birtherism.
so the media should just run the hotel portion of the event...
good morning yankees fans! new day make the best of it. no in baseball we will be back! go yankees
they left me angry last night. how can they blow a 3 run lead. reminded me of those games in 04... hope they snap out of it
you mean a shtf bunker? lol i haven't made any of those yet... but i am designing a star ship...
cool, let me know how it comes out...
maybe i used it the wrong way but please explain the right way, thanks...
try to find god and how you can be saved, what did god do for you to save you? it's your choice, work it out..do the math
trump belittles harry reid's injury, gets deserved response by via
the retarded left is using corrupt old harry reid to attack trump?
non-contagious bacterial pneumonia is not even a real diagnosis. this is getting ridiculous.
who is that? the pants are too long, must be someone shorter.
could ggg put 45k in the dallas stadium against someone like smith (as far as popularity goes)?
no he's not a mexican. now even floyd can do that.
sean tell me thats not true.
sorry sana, i just found out about these guys and pizza this morning. did you know pizza was not invented in italy?!
lol that's a double standard all in itself. but very true
also, dont forget those who don't even seek treatment. that the problem! my biggest issue with it all.
no child should have to say goodbye to their parents every morning not knowing if mom or dad will be there when they get home.
shouldn't mom and/ or dad be at work? i guess you are cultivating a venezuela style downgrade for our nation
i love "openpower" because it has the most unique, creative uses of the word 'open' ever conceived in history
probably mean open as in "not requiring a management engine" or other blobs. they mentioned about it at the conf
nrel showed integrating 30% wind+solar reduces operating costs without radical changes
integration studies by isos tend to put costs around $5-10/mhh for ~30%. &gt; zero, but smaller than ptc of $25/mwh
all i want to do is talk about , .
is it bang out the gates or slow burn?
watch: tried to put the birther controversy to rest.
just a hillary distraction. move on!
my 6s battery is going to die before i get my 7.
i'm at 45% on my 6s plus
"think different"
also pre-ordered but i have no use for my current phone so doing this allows me to leave my 6 and save 250~
all you have to do is google it and you'll see that the donors and supporters started it. doesn't matter, trump wins easily
the fact that you think "trump wins easily" is all the proof i need to know where ur "proof' that hrc started it comes from. lol.
i know it's been a while since you worked here but it's still rivals, not bleacher report.
sorry, i had heard it was going to be a bleacher video, not a bleacher-style video. i'll get that changed.
ya it's super hard, but they can never stop you from standing up, but they can stop listening
yup, so as an individual who wants to effect change, you need to be in a space that allows it, among other things.
you're a legend
when u wake up to not having a seinfeld gif in your mentions
high school football fans told to stop chanting "usa, usa"
but if certain folks wanted to chant "allah akbar, death to america" that's their right &amp; we must be tolerant
lots of talk of cameras, headphone jacks and home buttons - cool, but the wide gamut screen of the 7 / 7 plus is really a huge improvement.
heard howard stern talking iphone today. regular people *really* don't grok/appreciate what's new. giant collective shrug.
stick to diving bro
piece of shit are you playing tonight
news alert: feds plan to spend $4.6 million next year on 'emotional wellness' for refugees.
this is not right bring it back on tv
"president barack obama was born in the united states. period. now, we all want to get back to making america strong &amp; great again." - trump
smart move!
send me questions for today's video!
when are we expecting new music from you?
no but i've had my gums and teeth drilled. all that stuff just bothers me when it's not numb. like i said i hate the dentist
so have i and i hate that too but im telling you this was that x300
you're just a side
calls ricky to plot
trump: 'pres. barack obama was born in the united states, period. now, we all want to get back to making american strong and great again.'
okay, we conceded to the convention, and presumption. so, what does that mean in a "borderless world"?
fictional left right argument fail!
again these are just empty calories for the brain. you are the ideal trump voter
maybe i used it the wrong way but please explain the right way, thanks...
don't have an unbelieving heart to reject the grace of god in christ, it's an individuals choice.. that's what i think
and one year since we met!!! xxx miss ya lynn
yasssssss! fun night for all!
press 'shocked' that trump treats them as the cheap whores they are..
this coming from a member of the tin foil hat club/, who until today, didn't think obama was a us citizen.
re: journalists in my twitter feed right now saying "the media will no longer let trump get away with this."
time to hammer this 1 in &amp; every other lie has uttered 2con &amp; win the primaries. media owes usa the truth!
if you have two breakfast tacos in each hand, that's a balanced breakfast.
bonus: wear a breakfast taco as a necklace for extra 3rd taco; still balanced
&lt;3 big congrats you won a free vip ticket to &amp; event! email noelelie.events.com &lt;3
i'm doing my happy dance on my walk to the subway right now! :d thank you!!!!!!!!
launch time window is 11:30 - 11:45 am pst
so excited you are there. give us the play by play!
"great job today don and cant wait to stay in your awesome new hotel!"
this was so shameful.
since i cant get reserve yet and still have citi prestige, deciding if i should find another travel card
why can't you get reserve?
the app is now crashing for me on startup every time. have reinstalled. anyone have any help?
thanks for reporting this. can you give us any more information? os version and device?
what are you talking about? the tweet calls it bogus. this report, like others, debunks it
where does "given prominence" come from? it's (passively) about media/journalism - what you do. also, that lede/hed awful.
and here is the clinton campaign's latest focus...will it work? how will donald trump handle?
this is so weak and yet you all try to make a big deal about voters don't give a hoot about try doing your job just for kicks
behold, the iphone 7 plus. matte black finish is so nice
ugh i feel like it's not even going to fit in my pockets!
next year. can you please come to riot fest with me
do i have to sleep in the dirt for three days? because i can't handle life without showering lol
3) and no one else is in the room to help. just me, you and a broadcast crew. deal ?
you don't even need the broadcast crew... just do it on the interwebs, the smart channels will pick it up.
let's just say i have a hard time accepting abby wambach of any sort of arbiter of "sportsmanship".
haha that makes sense
"we have a chance to show that comprehensive immigration reform isn't just the smart thing to do-it's what the american people demand."
i would run it by the millions of unemployed blacks first. or are the non deplorable too good for work?
trump saying at this point "uh, i'm not a birther" has all the weight of jet li coming out to hold a presser saying he's no longer chinese
he's all incredulous about it too. "president obama was born in the us, period." asshole, we knew that. you're the birther.
hey meet ... i know you two will have lots to share with each other including love of the nice guys
thanks! very nice to meet you. can we connect? i followed you please dm your email
i'm thinking about making something like this but idk
i would do it if i was you.
gucci, marc jacobs, louis vuitton, hilfiger keep proving their racism and we keep on supporting them. go ahead.
it's a fashion show. marc jacobs models in dreadloks look cool. no one owns dreadlocks. anyone can do it.
thank you for sharing this clip from with where i hv to endure a pakistani.
tarekh fatah ! hats of to you jai hind
probably mean open as in "not requiring a management engine" or other blobs. they mentioned about it at the conf
this would be it:
it's nice to get into priority pass lounges but they aren't very nice. centurion lounges are crazy over the top
yeah loved centurion in sfo. less of a perk in nyc.
this was damnear you tonight
omg that's hella funny
harry reid has a body double too!
the corrupt left is so mad at this deplorable tweet they are coming to get you with this chick.....
"barack obama was born in america, plain and simple, and donald trump owes him and the american people an apology." -
distraction. trump can apologize after you hillary, apologize for benghazi and your email scandals!
oooooo lol oh so it's definitely bland lol
i spit that shit out on the first bite. lol
sour beer + peach vodka? we've never thought of that combo. did you come up with that yourself?
mmhmm... it was pretty good, too.
i really don't think we celebrated colin powell enough this week.
we didn't lol colin was a real one
i'm just the moderator ;) also have withings represented, so broader conversation.
as 's noted, open has cost. needs compatibility w/business model, industry rep important!
the app is crashing upon launch on ios 10. would like to see some affirmation, that you are working on fixing that!
can you let us know which type of device you're seeing the crash on?
is it "i ate so many scrambled eggs this morning that i feel sick" or "i ate so much scrambled eggs this morning that i feel sick"?
many. each of the eggs you ate was scrambled.
of it helps, this has been my phone since i got it
never install from icloud.
oh! bhule gechilum. lol. but then aro koto lok ke je koto kichu bole, hope all of them r true!
what i say is 'true', never knew how to do 'buttering' to people other than to a toast
ashleigh banfield on cnn is completely fed up with trump's "birther crap"
how about rest of trump's crap?!!!
some plans for ios 10 compatibility? the app doesn't load anymore on my updated ipad pro...
we're looking into it now.
oh well i'm sorry. sounds awful. the sound of the drill is terrible tbh lol.
im pretty sutr he used like a legit screw gun maybe he thought he was building a house
it's so unbelievable sad that ellen and patrick aren't friends. 11 years gone
it's so sad. literally so upsetting.
anyway here is a game of thrones fun fact
if u watch the show, u know how important the iron throne is
thats it?!?!?!?! i fuck wit y'all maaaan! happy anniversary to y'all!
right doesn't it seem like longer? it took way too long for him to find me lol
. is the dean karnazes of rbny. seriously. these are only mls games, doesn't include ccl and usoc.
where'd you get game-by-game stats?
agreed. gulbuddin hekmatyar will do anything for a buck...or a million.
you are very correct. thanks for your input. hig should never to be trusted. ghani is fooling himself.
that's the nicest thing people say.
the nicest thing people say to me is "get a life you libtard hater" haha
it's friday &amp; talks live at 5pm pt/8pm et on , find ways to listen:
can't wait !!!!
you like the album??
i haven't really had the chance to listen to all of it but because of you i'm dedicating time to it.
i knew shonda would do this yaz
i respecr shonda and her work and i was a fan of "jessica" so... i will watch the catch for sure now
he ended up cheating who wants it
lemme get it for free thanks :)
some level backgrounds before we add lighting &amp; shadows
this is pre-lighting? looks sick!
yes, it's a muslim designer including hijabs in her line. not even comparable to what marc jacobs did.
what's wrong with models wearing fake dreadlocks at a fashion show?
supporting families with paid family leave, earned sick days, and affordable child care isn't a luxury-it's a necessity.
being able to get a nice house, a nice car, eat well, stay warm should be the result of my hard work. not taxes
basicalllly. you get out at 10? or are we meeting at 10?
get out at 10, we'll scoop you
yes yes yes!!!!!!!!
and treatment free! ppl are lazy. they'll stand in line for anything else but proper health care.
i miss you too! we'll have to find each other tonight!
yes!! do you have one of the express entry tickets or are you ga?
enough of allowing trump to play by different rules. if he can't conform, then he's out. what's wrong with that?
is making a mockery of our political system &amp; the must put a halt!
, oh 3 guys that fight for social justice, i feel honored, thanks. they are looked upon highly in the aa community. thanks
i knew it!! goodbye. not only are you the enemy of minority's everywhere, but you profit by further enslaving the uninformed
oh well i'm sorry. sounds awful. the sound of the drill is terrible tbh lol.
but i haaaaaate the sound of the regular drill like that high pitched shit omg it makes my whole body shiver
well of course you did, verizon actually knows what it is doing. did you use iphone upgrade program?
no just used a relatives verizon upgrade, still using it on t-mobile though. just got delivered.
i heard.. he is a comedian so what does he expect? he can dish it out but he can't take it back?
i think she hit to close to the truth! lol pretty much the sheltered life, real world, he can't handle lol
just a lady and her garbage fire.
that is so gd great.
if you want time youll make time.
exactly! had to learn that the hard way, us women are stubborn lol
only 53% of adults are "extremely proud" to be americans-a 17% decline since 2003.
is the concept of nation an obsolete protection of medieval mercantilism? should nations still have borders?
if u watch the show, u know how important the iron throne is
the throne was supposedly forged by the dragon of the first targaryen king. he used fire to melt 1000 swords into a chair
. honestly digging it so far. question is are you guys liking all these videos in your feed?
the only way it could be more spammy was if i were at the empire state building! actually not far from!.. ;p
yup i remember reading up on him. companies was really hot because he was accumulating more than companies put together.
he was fa sho eating. all the big time drug dealer fucked wit bruh
sure the press are mad at trump he has expose them as what they are puppets for hillary.
yeah when they show videos of him proving he is a liar, he makes them look stupid, right.
i'll miss relentlessly good cheer on weekends! fun &amp; honor to share the stage with her these 3 yrs.
wish sara was staying
it's just a completely different style coming from him. art for sure though.
i'll give you that - he's evolved a bit from the "knock knock" days.
harry reid: i don't buy the polls - "donald trump is a fraud."
no 1n their right mind buys polls.so called minorities/poc r rarely polled.remember polls right b4 2012 election when potus won again!
.1) $10mm to the charity of your choice if you let me interview you for 4 hrs on your policies and their substance.
i so want to take u up on this. but he'll never do it. he doesn't stand a chance up against u
spending $31 each week on a metro card pisses me off.
i spend that on a cab everyday lmao
tweet every day with the confidence of a man with 34 followers shouting at a celebrity.
the amount of people crying about their follower count here amuses me.
957 replaced their best show with jt the brick?... this ain't 1997
over tinkering can be a bad thing knbr are licking their chops
ep5: , on &amp; what it means for exits
that was fun. things in ipo world are starting to get interesting, october update?
well of course you did, verizon actually knows what it is doing. did you use iphone upgrade program?
had the opportunity to iphone upgrade this am but 5th ave store is a mess rn and it's a worse deal than 400$ flat
exclusive: drops diss track :
mmh he need me these girls mine they wont fuck with him
being able to get a nice house, a nice car, eat well, stay warm should be the result of my hard work. not taxes
you are pimping for votes by taking advantage of those that work hard
the throne was supposedly forged by the dragon of the first targaryen king. he used fire to melt 1000 swords into a chair
here's the show's depiction: pretty badass, scary
"hillary is mentally ill and not fit to serve as president" - her mental... via
: hilarity is mentally ill, as are those in the media who lick frau cltntlon's boots.
boys do the same, it's wrong in both ways.
this is true.
the unreleaded somg they played at the concert
holy shit ur right
was the fallon thing that bad?
yes fallon is spineless
"there are a lot of very, very evil people...we have to be prepared. we have to keep our country so great and so strong." -
yup. and open borders just invite them to come here!
at the end of 2013.. it sounds like a while.. but as i've found.. and you know.. you always have your mum.
it sounds like yesterday. i think it will always.
dear , trump saying anything about birtherism is not a "big announcement." please, stop.
it's all about eyeballs.
a lovely... fifth alternate. (sic) "trust the duchess" &amp;
she may not be an actress, but she is a fierce queen!
it might be too soon to speak but stef &amp; her dude might be the only solid couple i know. ive looked all my life.
we love you dude ugh we appreciate the love!!
questioning the place of birth for eligibility to be president = racist? only for obama? nobody screamed racist when they questioned cruz
is canada a state?
i've talked about it before but this is the year i host a henny &amp; hot chocolate onesie function
that doesn't sound appetizing. i'll bring champagne for myself.
wow i use to be cute
that shirt lmao
hey guyz
good day simon cheers
here's the show's depiction: pretty badass, scary
this is not what it should look like! the author has said again and again that his version of the iron throne does not look like this
the thing w marc jacobs is you're inherently operating out of a place of ignorance. humble yourself and apologize.
it's fashion... nothing wrong with it. it's the people that are offended who are ignorant. fake dreadlocks are everywhere.
all you have to do is google it and you'll see that the donors and supporters started it. doesn't matter, trump wins easily
if we can attribute what "supporters" say to the candidate, then according to david duke your guy is a real white supremacist.
wait. the verizon model has all the t-mobile bands this year?
according to everything i have read yes
"this is a time where we need our military, perhaps, more than ever." -
a strong and well equipped military!
today is our gender appointment
omg im so excited for you !!! what do you want ??
bernie sanders is in new paltz and i'm stuck at shoprite
i don't see the issue
you 'walked' past it, that counts in my book as exercise.
the donald trump routine
lmao! i be feelin' like that sometimes. keep lovin' each other maaaan. blessings y'all way! prosper.
thankful for people like you
trump today: 270 words on his hotel. 67 words on birtherism.
the way he speaks is just....off. like he's had a mental break or something
at the end of 2013.. it sounds like a while.. but as i've found.. and you know.. you always have your mum.
it's like having and losing at the same time.
the best would be to do one on all the top alternates
have a good one guys!
do you think owes president an apology? (cc: )
no. absolutely not!
soccer season
when's cuddle season?
sunday, 9/25... walk, eat, drink and win
our plan isn't to go back to carlow but, we'll be cheering them on! &amp; any that want to walk our more than welcome
how sad it is: trump admits obama born in us and that's considered news.
the dumbing down of america is complete. trump has made being ignorant chic; a badge of honor. the philistines may rule america!
i think it also depends on the public school. in mine the teachers &amp; counselors were very strict &amp; always pushing us
smaller is better too
when you've lost you're confederate flag but still want everyone to know you're a racist
still haven't seen a hillary sticker or sign anywhere in my blue state?
change with the seasons
4 seasons buddy
is still there
i'm leaving in 12 hrs lmao
i have the iphone 7 and you don't.
&amp; apple has $900 that you don't
awesome! check this out folks
thank you so much!! x
just read article... shortly thereafter, i canceled my subscription to . the end.
i read the first paragraph and closed the page
so far only westworld, but i've only seen the first two episodes.
they do have a lot to play with if they choose to. yul brynner in ww scared the shit out of me when i was 6-years-old btw.
very nice! how long of a run did you get to take this time?
thanks! we ran for an hour :)
oh, great then! so, what makes you think that this wasn't what bishop oyedepo meant? tell me...
he clearly said "not once saved always saved" that is not scriptural, once you're born again you can't be condemned again
michael kors. marc jacobs still has standing as far as apparel/influence
oooh ok ok. thanks
ohhh god!! this is awesome
he forgot to add the third line :p
a space for "no" is a data point, but will starve without the larger landscape. recently i &lt;3 "aligned autonomy" label
orgs who say you've got that open space without the other components won't be sustainable. that's my kvetch.
when you thought you sent one
when he didn't
his campaign people have said this before. he wouldn't say it today. so this is not news until he says it.
you got your answer asshat
i don't watch any of the whores on fox
got rid of more right anchors think judge pirro and hannity get axed
wait. the verizon model has all the t-mobile bands this year?
i'm using a verizon 6s on t-mobile and everything works as well. is this a new thing? i've been working fine for months
the bizarre true story behind the "this is a work of fiction" disclaimer. it involves : via
because reality is stranger than fiction, we need to be reminded "this ain't real".
if you had any idea the kinds of emails i got from future trumpkins by opposing birtherism in '11 and '12-and donors i lost for
the question remains why the republican elites did not shut trump down when they could have.
that's a horror film lol
your on your game today must be sober
this is not what it should look like! the author has said again and again that his version of the iron throne does not look like this
his envision matches this image: towering, menacing, uncomfortable ugly.. a metaphor for how "painful" it is to rule
yup i remember reading up on him. companies was really hot because he was accumulating more than companies put together.
not only that ppl wanted his shit more than the real louis. it's because he made things that urban ppl could wear.
it's silicon valley def of design thinking that i find so problematic. i agree architects don't think like lawyers.
yes, but never seen good discussion of that. and then there's this: says disappointed by result.
twitter 201
looking forward to rolling this out!
i wonder if there will be any nepotism in the trump white house?
barron's in charge of "no child left behind - in a gated community"!
happy birthday birthday pretty girl
thankyou beautiful
she doesn't have many of those, unless fundraisers are "clinton events" and donors are "surrogate speakers."
hillary doesn't need surrogate speakers to hold her hand &amp; praise her endlessly lime cheetonazi does
i'm imaging w/deploystudio right now, while great for the initial setup, i want users to be more self-sufficient via a casper portal
oh cool. i've been using the built in tools in os x server for imaging our macs but we only have 26 so it works well.
folks: do we want another prez who lies about our security? no! knowledge=power. empower yourselves!
so why vote trump? change the motto to "trump lies and flip flops on everything, but we don't care"
the most important word in washington today: lie
actually, it's two words: big lie. see: goebbels, joseph
also , and congrats to the on winning the nl central!
congrats on a great season!
need supervisor asap. multiple mssgs/calls-- nobody fixing bug in payroll putting client in violation of law. why no response?
hi karin, please dm us with the email address you use to log into your account so we can take a look at this right away!
last months at : - cto (me) took over screen design work - we decided to hire someone else not related...
but you don't post to ?
live on : scott adams watching trump
no we don't want to see ur girlfriend in periscope. you don't have to sell her to ur fans. just need to sell her to urself.
yup i remember reading up on him. companies was really hot because he was accumulating more than companies put together.
before him louis didn't make ready wear.
we can't wait to see you all!!
can't wait to catch up! what's on tap at ?
right?! i'd agree with nicole &amp; corey more than them lol
i don't understand how nicole and corey aren't on that list just shows cbs hates them
. threw a rave for spring.
awesome! love the models and their hair. love the fashion. great job marc!
today we're digging into old newsletters. nostalgia incoming!
these dives into the apa/scs archives are great-would love to see this become a regular feature.
thank you nyc . it was a blast ! . next stop !!! sept 23 rd to october 5 th !!! dm...
can't wait!
can't wait for next week :) september 23
if he just waited a week it would have came out on my birthday
never realised outside of trek that you worked for the guardian,you made it onto the back cover of mustang
mustang rules!! thanks for sharing. (and, yes, i wear 2 hats.)
boii that shit made my stomach hurt
yeah same that is so disgusting
i never have this problem with my or !
watch out spontaneous combustion of your
so now you think we should all forget this nonsense that you pushed for years?
how can you it's all supporters have left in the playbook.
asked if she is a birther: "no. if trump says obama was born in america he was. whatever trump says is true."
noooooooo!
alyssa was the biggest competition for alaska. alaska just corrupted ru's legacy. what a loser
is the best queen left but i hope comes back for her revenge.
has anyone ever heard of a security deposit being a full months rent? i've heard $250-$500 but a full months rent?
usually around 1000
lmao pls elaborate before i watch
i mean he just has a history of letting shitty shitty people get free press on his show w/o askin any actual questions
"over the course of her winning primary campaign she became a deeply unpopular figure." via
...and donald is so lovable. oy.
oh, great then! so, what makes you think that this wasn't what bishop oyedepo meant? tell me...
we are sealed by the holy ghost, even if you backside and fall in sin, once you're truly saved there is no condemnation
i mean he just has a history of letting shitty shitty people get free press on his show w/o askin any actual questions
and trump is the worst offense
. . then what the hell was clinton apologizing for? seriously take your head out of sand
well said! the world is blowing up around us &amp; she focuses on this. seriously?!??
our album is gonna be
release date coming soon
i would be thrilled if would put out a new record. (also a collab with me would be dope)
dude seriously feel this
friday night is proud to welcome free in the grandview lounge
bless!. . .
same number who this ?
tell me if its a true upgrade or just same ol' shit with a new outfit.
away on biz ive done all reset plus powered off/on. concern led is steady red. wifi distance is no issue.
it must be reset. see here: or call us at 516-520-5258
yes, but never seen good discussion of that. and then there's this: says disappointed by result.
i'm agreeing with you, . and think there might be an article in architect's design thinking &amp; urban design versus planning.
so hungry for the new zeason of tonight.
uh oh...that ain't good
wow. cnn: the pool tv producer was physically restrained from going on trump's hotel tour, to prevent any questions.
why? what was said on tour? speak to anyone there??
really good (not pr/marketing-ish) interview by . would love 2 c sam interviewed! mayb?
i'd love to. would love to interview elon, too.
ok i'll do that. well, my chores are calling. yelling-lol catch up in a bit!!
me too. got to go to gym yuck and shopping yeah and then work all weekend. have fun talk later.
i thought the ex aridi testified she picked him up to go to legacy on saturday 8/30...?
she could have driven his car. sasso said that.lp
if trump wins it gives weight to idea you can say anything in primary and "pivot" for general election. apparently people have no memory.
the multitude of position reversals is astounding. even more so that people continue to believe him.
about time you on this shit
nigga still don't gotta tweet
true, &amp; hopefully i can get things to turn around. it never should have gotten to this point!
good luck with everything
you a place to rest your beer and someone to confess to?
among other things
trump finally says president obama was born in the us
that's not the damn headline and you know it! shame on you! blames hillary, never apologies for years of disrespect!
donald trump constantly disrespects the media but like an abused victim, the media still love their abuser.
damn straight, and they keep coming back for more abuse.
fun we are both in ny - an we meet? i asked first q and am in front row on left
sure - maybe early afternoon?
"i'm proud to...represent my country in different way." megan rapinoe takes a knee to speak out for the oppressed:
f-ing love me some
i agree that msft stuff is quite good, but isn't it grey ever since apps moved to the web and smartphones?
i haven't seen the msft mobile comeback into grey in any public narratives among the technorati , just consumers recently
talking about driving a &gt;&gt;trump's ridiculous claim that hillary clinton started the birther movement
more lies 2 feed his supporters bcause without those lies &amp; innuendos he wouldn't b where he is today as a conman
as trump highlighted economy, opponents focused on other topics, attempt to push media conversation away...
obvious now hlry's whole campaign isbased on negatives and divisiveness. pity if it works as will prove her constuency deplorable
do we know how often he generally went through half a tank?
just filled up, then half tank.
go ahead. i sent one at halftime that said you'd win bc god ain't giving me a nd and fsu loss in consecutive nights.
i specifically remember that one. but i tweet here and there on y'all shit. not all game. only will this week cause of the talk.
i'm agreeing with you, . and think there might be an article in architect's design thinking &amp; urban design versus planning.
architects &amp; urban designers rarely agree with land use decisions made by courts
melania will get right on it, after she holds her press conference on her immigration status.
barron will be in charge of "no child left behind - in a gated community."
that's true! as long as you have a stable wifi connection
stable &amp; high speed is a must for me.
tv ratings: 'thursday night football' premiere drops from 2015
never again
bamm! just pulled the "birther" rug from underneath hillary's cankled legs
nobody with an iq above 40 believes this. trump ran a racist charade for years.
as the idiots used to say at the very good steakhouse i once worked in: "gimme both." meaning a1 and 57. on filets.
only amateurs order filet, to begin with...
are vegans allowed to eat pussy?
dick: meat puss: seafood
julian assange arrest warrant upheld by swedish court
good. he's a cowardly rapist, who needs to answer for his crimes.
some say there should be a prestige-tv drama about brooks. they are wrong. only a conventionally structured sitcom can truly capture him.
"i'm talking about levels ... of the underclass"
this might be the greatest thing i've seen all week
greatest thing i've seen all year
cm has no legal authority to suspend a fed officer utter wrong/ ppp violates law
he is local policeman not fed officer ... but i do agree it is wrong to suspend him
with hillary as ur candidate u have the nerve to call trump a liar?
julie is an embarrassment, it is so painful to watch her, she is an ankle biter
last mets lineup vs twins at citi field 6/27/10: reyes ss feliciano cf wright 3b davis 1b bay lf barajas c frenchy rf tejada 2b niese sp
ha ha. that was some shitty lineup
53 days to go and climbing in the polls donald j trump does the biggest flip-flop in political history announcing that obama was born in us!
it's pathetic that any sane person is taking trump seriously, he's dangerous 2 america's national security.
did you sent them an appropriate response like ?
- hehe. not yet. thanks for the suggestion!
happy ! one more run in by varick and charlton.
have you stopped going to 50th/ 6th?
[thelma &amp; louise alt ending] louise: go thelma: [nods] *starts car *floors it *fumes l: what's wrong? t: no gas! l: you had one job! t: omg
laugh out loud funny!! thanks for making me smile!! :-) :-)
tell me where ur and where ur going so i can write up. see no reports of 93x delays-sorry.
was on yv rd at bancroft. finally got a 1 at 7:40 and then halfway up, a 93x was behind us. 1 hr 10 min w/no 93x!
only game on bro... stretch before you reach
we tweet here and there while y'all play. not whole game. this will be first time we play at the same time this year.
&gt;facefacts! is not only the founder of obama's birther inquiry, she is a
see hillary start the obama birther movement: via ?
i'd actually rather the car was empty, since it cuts down the risk of dooring or the driver's moving.
tbh i prefer someone be in it w/ windows down so i can share thoughts.
with what invitation? tuh
so long as i can get into the building, i know the code to your apartment. don't ever play yourself, scallywag.
like he didnt spend 8+ years vilifying a duly elected president. like the whole movement was motivated by racism and xenophobia.
like trump didnt try to pull the same shit with ted cruz. like trump didnt hire ppl who believe the same shit.
has anyone ever put sparkling water in a keurig? would it make sparkling coffee? did i just invent something here?
i've seen bad sci-fy movies that started this way.
only things that calm me down is dick &amp; cali tree. &amp; i get both, never truly satisfied. i am happy, thats just the saddest lie.
lmao ay i like that remix
"donald trump is unfit to be president of the united states." -
hahahaha this from someone who was dragged, unconscious, into a limo and disappeared to her daughters!
ok this whole tmobile and ios 10 thing is it only affecting peasants ?
seems like it cause i haven't had any issues
2) trump takes credit for "finishing" the birther controversy. he didn't.
3) this "presidential campaign event" with press in attendance was actually hotel launch promo
and like i said, you're skirting around the word. lies are pretty evident, especially with one candidate.
ready to say "lie" yet? or is it still too harsh?
this whole week has been rough not just last night.
what's wrong
how come all the boys tht fall in love w me can't spell the word definitely :// i'm not tht mad jus wondering tho lol
mandela effect. it was definately. swear on my life.
. tv critic scolds jimmy fallon: was it 'moral' to 'just have fun' with 'indecent' trump?
indecent? you deceive your readers every day and call someone else indecent? check out the splinter in your own eye.
nothing trump can say will ever erase the fact that for 5 years he tried to delegitimize america's 1st black president w/racist .
that pretty much nails it.
it's time to double down and support hillary. i'm serious.
oh god. now you've really lost it
it took me a min to realize that was my closet lol
yes your stylish walk in closet lol
i could see this song growing on me - i have a soft spot for any song where she throws out ascending wooops for ad-libs
this new song is literally about how she doesn't want a relationship she just wants to get laid i am all about that
'given prominence' means every time his surrogates r asked re birtherism on tv &amp; spew bogus claim. print debunks it, repeatedly
i feel like you guys have that megaphone, and hold back from the evident truth time and again, in pursuit of balance.
we got you bb. go take care of yourself.
yes. i third this. close computer if you can and take time for you.
please follow the new public advocate account for all the latest from my office. i'll still be tweeting my thoughts here.
rage over rent control apt. r.a.cohen prop hired extreme hackers, vital medical data given to id thieves
if she wins i might never come back to america
lmao it's not looking good bro! dom !! hope you're enjoying italy and everything is good wit you !! miss ya man
bw support clinton for numerous reasons (obviously clinton family has strong connections to older black america)
oh, totally. and it was young poc who backed bernie, but of course none of these people live within a factual world
well, unfortunately i woke up
*fortunately
i gave up and left i was counting on reservation time being accurate. i'll go back later. good luck!
ugh yeah. i'm gonna have to do that soon if this line doesn't move...
obama was born on mars.
this i buy judging by the iran deal alone.
one of the candidates is on the defensive about birtherism at least.
it's hillary. i promise you it was her and her top strategist, mark penn
all these update and we still cant edit tweets.
bruh this tweet deserves endless rt's
we're now going to talk about hillary's role in birtherism, which is a total win for trump.
: we still remember when vindictive hilarity brought up lbama's foreign birth in kenya, as kenyans admit, including obama &amp; family.
we are alarmed to hear this, wink. please feel free to dm us with more information regarding this. ^eb
i just posted to you i will not be quit for my harassment
our lock screens match
ayye!! that's lit!
was it a fun time on laverne and shirley? hopefully they were still getting along at that point
loved working on !! was amazing!
hey bro, just dropping a line to say that i loved your breakdown of art of war album. keep doing your thing man!
thank you ali!
why dont you cover segas boxing games?
buster douglas can go piss up a rope
lol was it at least for laughs? did ppl see it coming? would trump's team deliberately choose fallon for that reason?
yes and yes and yes and that's why it's scummy. fallon cares more about being liked by everyone than having a moral compass
i'm just gonna leave this here and then i'm done with last night's game, but could someone tell me why we pulled tanaka? 91 pitches in the
no strikeouts he had to battle. no one thought what happened in the 9th was gonna happen.
she's so fucking annoying
i hate her so much
i don't know who they are but you're right about "aggravating"
i found out ... one is a prior nannie &amp; the other is a magazine editor. i'm still annoyed.
i just posted to you i will not be quit for my harassment
from i mean
note to , repeat after me: "do not let him get in your head" do not let him get in your head" "do not let him..." run your own race
&amp; should be the message the media must put out daily so the american folks can see trump as the professional conman he truly is!!
keanaaaaaaa! this world is way too small. joe has been hanging out with your uncle (shaylen's dad) lately lol.
hahaha i know shay told me she's seen him around the house a few times ! that's crazy
this is what barcelona looks like from a helicopter.
&lt; like cyclotron magnet logos
back on road. again sharing our location a couple times today. come hang. ...
visit midtown around lunch?
just saw the water gun emoji for guns in ios 10. that's not really the answer, but ok.
especially because it still renders like a regular gun on other platforms. it's more confusing now.
wait that actually is a good lineup
we are getting a group and going lol
yes and yes and yes and that's why it's scummy. fallon cares more about being liked by everyone than having a moral compass
even if it means petting a fascists hair on national tv
really? what "systems"?
sounds like a cheap excuse
hillary clinton linking her collapse to how women have to work harder in the office these days
throwing every excuse against wall hoping one will stick
trump's entire premise for saying "i finished it" re birtherism is that it's valid line of inquiry. it is not! racism is exhausting.
. we women think everyday before deciding where/how we go to be safe. blacks must do so 100x more. racism is exhausting!
get an old fashioned alarm clock!
i have two :(
shut uppp just when i thought i was over snowglobe.........
dude it is so fucking fire like we have to go...!!!
.1) $10mm to the charity of your choice if you let me interview you for 4 hrs on your policies and their substance.
i bet you could get a couple hundred million contributed to make this happen. would turn down $200 mm? coward.
like trump didnt try to pull the same shit with ted cruz. like trump didnt hire ppl who believe the same shit.
like saying, "oh, i lied", is enough to forgive the 8 years of racist bullshit.
donald trump is poison for all americans he is crazy dangerous lying
speaking to the choir.. total agreement. now, how to get to the young ones so they see the light??
*cynical asshole voice* but brad, there is no difference between news and entertainment now
*jimmy fallon has a drinking problem voice* jimmy fallon has a drinking problem
i feel like you guys have that megaphone, and hold back from the evident truth time and again, in pursuit of balance.
as 35-year nyt reader, former columnist, lifelong nyer, it's been painful to watch paper this year. (not you personally).
no, he's a racist.
yeah, that, too! definitely that.
odd that our measures of animal intelligence are often tests of what humans do best rather than of what they do best.
we judge robots the same way!
colourpop had a lip shade called gypsy and people were rightfully upset so they're letting fans choose a new name for it
i know nobody should get a pat on the back for just being decent &amp; not racist but i've never seen a major corporation do something like that
after spending a lovely night in cambridge and taking the amtrak through new haven all i can think is "and rory chose yale?"
hartford isn't anything great either...i remember being like "emily gilmore lives here?"
with chris ivory officially ruled out, tj yeldon, in his spectacular mediocrity, is near must-start material. huge workload. san diego.
over langford in .5pr? have deangelo and cja. good luck this weekend!
sony isn't standing by all refunds apparently. so, i look at both with a raised eye.
well to be fair, word is out now on game, some do take advantage
in california we have a lot of windmills you can try to tilt
this ain't no windmill. it's more like a scythe that's slashing through america.
fancy a friday treat?! rt and follow to these lemon lovelies!
these lemon lovelies are lovely!
media acting like spoiled children on trump announcement about obama. this is not an issue, the economy and national security are
takes eyes off his economic plans!
i wish juicy couture tracksuits were still a thing *sigh*
omg me too! ...they are defiantly going to come back soon i feel
i just found 250 unread facebook messages. weird. check out this gem! one for the books.
what a wordsmith!
,,supports this democrat shit ,,who opened our borders ,,3000 killed,shit shit works at fox news ,
: the true hillary clinton.
yes thank you for asking been so busy with family it's been crazy but fun crazy! you're the greatest take carevote trump
ohhhhh good ...happy to hear that !! !!
thought about some sparklines: lack of common scale makes them meaningless. is it just me?
disagree. more interested in trends for each state than how states compare to each other.
"when i'm under the weather, i can afford to take a few days off," clinton said. "millions of americans can't."
karma is a bitch hillary when it bites you; all that laundered money and no health !
hey -see correct wapo headline, unlike yr versions that fail on trump's prolific lying abt pbo.
add to list of outlets that reflexively expunged from trump's record his true mendacity over the birther embrace. please fix!
...is this a photoshop?
nah, david brooks talked about football and thanksgiving fucking, in the new york times
sounds like a cheap excuse
no idea. but they told people they could leave and come back any time this weekend. so i moved way up in line!
but some european countries are very different from the us. you barely get wifi in berlin...
seriously????
boss fight test (stage 1) headless john... :o
if broforce were an 80's buddy cop movie. love it!
no, . when europeans first settled this continent they had two big thoughts: genocide &amp; enslavement.
couldn't you just go back to reading us goldilocks &amp; the three bears ? at least that's more believable.
.1) $10mm to the charity of your choice if you let me interview you for 4 hrs on your policies and their substance.
to be clear, i was responding to the offer to let him keep it all. clearly he'd turn down the charity idea.
'make america great again' branded as hate speech on canadian campus
it doesn't matter what anyone says....it's time to regain and renew america's commitment to americans, not the world!
my pick to moderate the presidential debates.
lying cat would straight up die
happy friday! told you i'd be putting another one out today. made this during some dark times, hope you enjoy
sweet song dude !
delete this shit
nah cause that's facts
as long as the pizza tastes good does it matter?
what happens to the millions of fast food workers, taxi drivers, mall workers, etc. we are talking massive unemployment.
it's now forever settled: is a lying racist piece of garbage.
be careful, that kind of rhetoric will only enhance image among his followers.
smh majority young poc hate the clintons. older poc are more conservative, the kind of ppl who supported war on drugs
yeah, of course. i just love when people weaponize identity politics like this
awesome. you'll have one before me. so will my wife. the world is upside down!
this phone is prettttty nice :) (so's the watch)
wow! of &amp; &amp; of legends! thank you for all you do!
thank you friend!
. secy. vilsack says he has no question has the strength of message &amp; character to win the election
hillary showed the courage of a player ,playing hurt, and still scoring a touchdown.
hi! it says at imdb that you and were classmates at usc. did you know each other well?
we were students at ~ ally was a year behind me and we knew each other.
this is key. press simply cannot report, 'this is what trump statement said' when it was all categorically false
if wins, racism wins and we can rightly expect his supporters rise to violence.
i know hahaha that's why this is so funny. she wasn't even slick about it at all she had me screaming every time she did it.
i think he was trying to protect her and not say anything bad he was in game mode still protecting his girl
who's joining me?? twitter party today 1pm et. prizes! rules ad
me! i have my pancakes waiting
yes she is!
this pic is life
you cheeky boy! lol i'm sober but that temporary
sober just for few more hrs
so there's still a chance?!
i guess they posted this yesterday so it's for today. i can't even get in the website
anyone know where i can order ziplock clear bags for tshirts and sweatshirts?
probably amazon, they have everything
put me on bro, as long as it doesn't have creatine in it lol
it does lol why don't you want creatine? it's essential for muscle growth
so i mentioned that today couldn't be worse off-the-field for than ystrdy. can i recant? ...
what is a show-cause?
because not only did they probably not say it right, you probably didn't hear it right
you always set the example
i wish i could understand god's plans
you're amazing inside and out. love you beautiful
honestly so stoked it's friday, work killed me this week
then this isn't the real marissa. get out of here imposter.
to close guantanamo, obama is now releasing terrorists that *his own task force* said should never be freed.
explain how your esteemed congress allows him to do this
got kicked out of the club lmfao ayee we turnt
lmao where?!
orgs who say you've got that open space without the other components won't be sustainable. that's my kvetch.
"empowerment" bothers me these days. you don't "grant" power, people have power, or not. best orgs accept lost control
i don't give a flying you know what where the traitor was born. he isn't an american and he'll never be!
right on the money sister, right on. trump!!!
just find a player and go to their game log tab
oh cool, thanks
and tax cuts don't pay for themselves
neither does a trillion dollar stimulus - but we know that now, don't we?
lol this is way scarier
i knowww and i like the steps you have to climb to sit on it
snow... we can't wait! also your snow photos are stunning
i can't wait for snow either!!! bring on ski season
i guess someone doesn't watch my snap story.... guess u really did get on that ig story hype
just watched. please stop drinking starbucks
hillary birther america's memory is so bad, they forget the 2007-08 clinton camp actually started
no it did not start with them.
but this is all irrelevant. the fact is trump didn't allow the official pool to go with him, successfully avoiding answering any questions.
is this what you or anyone would want in wh ? must be shamed and told outright he is a liar and manipulator
i don't care what none of y'all say, i'm fresh.
that was the best tweet ever, wish i saw it earlier
twitter poll can i pull off these bangs/will i blow them out with a round brush daily y/n
bangs, schmangs... where the fuck can i get that bomb suit?
wanna get started writing sketch plugins? this is a good place to start.
hey nils! thanks for sharing this, big fan of shared text styles!
we waited many, many years for nj to get their stadium situation resolved it's going to take quite some time in the case of nycfc -garber
that is crap !! get the stadium done
what school?
boston college
seriously????
i had no idea. most municipalities are starting to see internet as an utility, encouraged by the fcc.
i peeped. hope he gets to it. i need to learn this before the day end lol
hopefully he responds
"when europeans first settled the continent..." smh
right?? no one on the nyt editorial board was like, "uh, actually ... hold on there a minute dude..."
they're shooting for quantico three blocks away from me
stay there woman
thanks for the rt, how's th big apple today?
clear &amp; beautiful. nice to take a walk around the city or if not. i'll usually head out to the beach &amp; feel the ocean breeze.
here's how trump treated veterans before he ran for president:
because there was no profit in veteran's issues back then. there sure is now.
hell freezes over, cows fly! the actually likes the economic plan.
because most of it is centered on growth, not government subsidies!
he's the nominee because he's a birther. his campaign is a sham. he's surrounded by white nationalists.
all a con game &amp; it's time most of us call it just that.
when u get a job at h&amp;m to stop being broke but you'll prob still be...
so handsome ily
they take out a pro pack and add coins. you should still get 2 pro packs along with all that for 10 wins
you get 18k and the jersys quicksell for 7.5 thats fine
lmao he literally pet his hair? he must have morals tho. has he explained himself? what exactly was the interview about?
yes and no he hasn't.and just watch it. it's about as substantive as an interview with an actor of a new movie
thanks! gotta give a shout out to studio mate who did the heavy lifting.
enjoyed working on songs! the book looks great, has a lot of promise!
don't take plastic? wait, what?
most rvers are retirees and still do things the old fashioned way
does she have to pretend to be your bicycle? do you have its horn?
im her bicycle
favorite song on glory....go!
slumber party, liar, private show, make me, god i can't only choose just a few, i love them all so much. ;)
thanks it's soo beautiful here miss you too when i get back we gotta have a late night driveway shesh like the old days hahah
hahaha hell yes ! you ever coming back?! and yeah it looks so nice in those pictures
q5. how many of you are experiencing the cooler temps? how are you taking advantage of it?
a5: we've only barely cooled down, but the campground is adding electric mattress pads to our glamping tents
teddy was a big government land grabber. roosevelt, and any founding fathers transcend political affiliation.
well, then who counts as a "conservative icon"? must be a short list.
they added double yellow lines on my road and it was so confusing i thought i made the wrong turn i'm concerned
i tweeted this last night not 1 second avon
network pools refuse to cover hotel tour | photo:
imagine george washington peddling mount vernon condos during run-up to the first presidential election.
bitchhh i'm trying to get like you juiceeeeee you see this ?
lmao deadass... family members?
to extend , as it's generation, it's not necessarily based on facts. aims to fake reality, not restore it.
thinking for scientific inspection/use or just visualization? former would need care. latter it'd be +1!
fourth stall from the left at mechanics plaza has been busted for months. bikes don't lock. just moved someone else's.
thanks for the heads up and for being a good samaritan. we'll get the team out straight away.
i imagine layoffs at bridgewater will have a solomonic bent.
coo: we rolling? good. we're here to discuss the bloated, bureaucratic hr department. ideas.
seriously????
and having wifi cover the entire island and surrounding boroughs was mayor bloomberg's baby.
i love you dead ass hope you have a great day beautiful
love you more! thank you sunshine i hope you do as well !
the tens unit is on
yass. get that pain relief!
and on a lighter note...trump lets jimmy fallon mess up his hair
no longer respect
why did you get kicked off octoly?
not sure if it was a glitch, but many members who exceed subscriber/view requirements got deactivated. hope they sort it out!
oh, great then! so, what makes you think that this wasn't what bishop oyedepo meant? tell me...
1 corinth 5:5 fornicators in the church?? their soul was still saved and they went to heaven even tho they were sinning
which model did you get?
128gb matte black 7
i just made up a new word, and it's gonna be huge. ready? wouch. wow+ouch. you can use it but please credit me.
copyrighted shannon
hillary birther america's memory is so bad, they forget the 2007-08 clinton camp actually started
her supports idiot not her so stfu
coo: we rolling? good. we're here to discuss the bloated, bureaucratic hr department. ideas.
hr deputy: the department is 80% redundant. we are interchangeable, so i suggest a ro-sham-bo tournament.
figured as much, but nothing else obvious, right?
ehhhh you just lose some because of depth sometimes. same reason we didn't get scarlett.
every minute this carny act on it looks more like sinclair lewis's novel "it can't happen here" - i explain in vol.4
if wins it will give his supporters license to violence against minorities/immigrants.
so impressed by and grateful for the work and advocacy of this amazing group of women
and has some great leaders and organizers. so proud to have worked with and
is that michael moore? hahaha!!!
lolol....if you want some fun, just google this "woman" under her new name....trigglypuff.
happy rt to be entered in our weekly . you win, you pick the product of your choice.
perfect for the new kitchen!
great keynote speech by at mtg. positive shift in value millennials place on experiences over other purchases
thanks ak! you guys rock. i love what you do to show people the world.
honestly, i thought corey feldman was over this phase of his career. bless his heart.
but, why's he trending is the question?! i don't have the heart to look...
fact checker: recidivism watch: trump repeats debunked claim that clinton 'started the birther controversy'
again! in psychology, it is called "projection or transferral". narcissists never take responsibility of their own crimes.
hr deputy: the department is 80% redundant. we are interchangeable, so i suggest a ro-sham-bo tournament.
coo: good point, stan. but we call it rock-paper-scissors here. don't forget it. for your frankness, you are hereby promoted to head of hr.
isnt that everyday?
that is the impression i was under.
long overdue, but good to see the senate approve much-needed aid for flint. time for the house to do the same. -h
still nothing to say about
oh, great then! so, what makes you think that this wasn't what bishop oyedepo meant? tell me...
the bible teaches once saved always saved, pastor oyedepo got it wrong sorry to say
holy shit psyduck has no chill right now
jfc psyduck slow down i'm worried about you
now that would be funny.
now that's the the kind of development worth pursuing!
if trump isn't a birther, does he regret leading the movement for four years? does he apologize to obama?
only took him four years to decide. very decisive.
not .015. it's 0.15 -- still ridiculously low, as you said.
what about the testosterone level? he's 70 and weighs a ton! total bullshit.
if you have any dilithium lying around, you just bought yourself a ticket on board!
have you given any thought to bringing teslas ideas out of the closet....
i honestly can't think about that possibility. i can't function on the amount of xanax i'd need to take.
me neither. lol
let gary johnson debate. jesus fucking christ
i wish, but don't see it happening in a fixed system
and then one of them serves as president -- for four years.
what candidate from previous four elections have you seen take more ?'s and or even dare to have a press conference-none
i'm pretty far from the coast. i'm honestly a little afraid of beaches. ever since '04 tsunami - indian ocean.
my people are an island people
coolin on my end enjoyed yo portions of the vid i saw wit p fam
that's love, man. thanks. p's one of the most insightful people to walk the planet.
hope to get another dog soon. our recovery dog passed away last month. so miss hervandcthe comfort she gave to our. d w/ ed
i'm so sorry for your loss, lots of love to you
they're not leaders, they're politicians....get your asses up you ungrateful sob's !!!!
image of government officials committing treason. strip their pensions.
coo: good point, stan. but we call it rock-paper-scissors here. don't forget it. for your frankness, you are hereby promoted to head of hr.
coo (cont): linda, that means you're fired, of course.
please follow the new public advocate account for all the latest from my office. i'll still be tweeting my thoughts here.
r.a.cohen payed hackers to invade adt and vivint security sys and rashid's family gets death threats.
system testing underway at 10-mile berryessa ext. bart tracks turned on. stay out of fenced-in railway.
funny how svbart is progressing so much faster than the south fremont bart station
i understand what you mean. i'm sure there are examples of erring. but i also think you (and others) oversimplify the coverage
it's the equivalence and frankly, the long hangover from the schweizer deal. but thanks for responding - appreciate it.
i missed this poll but the answer is yes
my husband is going to kill you, richard
3) and no one else is in the room to help. just me, you and a broadcast crew. deal ?
this country needs you to help mrs. clinton beat this guy. you are the only one who truly understands him. please!! she needs you.
support us soccer player sits during anthem while in us uniform!
all in for the kneeling vote
happy birthday, lauren bacall. and here is the magazine cover that started it all.
god, i love this, but with the light, the red highlights, the word "blood," &amp; her affect/clothes, i always think "vampire."
really love the new folders feature on playstation 4's 4.00 update
i like how cod aw isn't in that folder with no man's sky.
i can be happily single with some dogs
and a sister of christ
idk how it is in nyc, but we always get the same 5 locals, which is neat the first 3 times
there's a good variety but none of the breweries impress me
i use post its.
i don't have enough space. or post its. or money
i can't reproduce the crash. is it when using the extension? if it is, from which application?
when sharing a link from tweetbot w the extension, a couple seconds after trying to crop an image the whole ext disappears
we've got an office on 5th ave at 17th and once a week some startup emails offering to "solve lunch." lunch in manhattan is...solved.
lunch isn't even a problem. lunch is axiomatic.
i can visit you all the time.
eeee. lmao jk. lit. if i can finesse it. i'm speaking it into existence.
house approves bill to ban gitmo transfers for remainder of president obama's term
should have done this a long time ago
lighting is in progress and we'll be posting more screenshots when it is in the build in a few weeks. thanks for the nice words.
can't wait. if you need an original soundtrack and/or sfx i'd be honored!
save the date oct 5/6
better than saving the date, people need to register because there is a waitlist for one of the days!
coo (cont): linda, that means you're fired, of course.
coo: stan, back to you. for waiting until this meeting to speak up about redundancy, you too are fired.
let's dispel with this fiction that i'm "not really a supporter." get on my lvl
that sad moment when you realize you never really knew .
hmmmm i'll try that for half the noodles so i can compare, i'm making 24 servings so...
keep me posted, curious
is not the one who lies all the time, exposed usa using hrc private server, etc. you don't care about the truth.
lol, yeah right, and he wasn't mocking the handicapped guy, and this wasn't the star of david. &amp; now jr
lmao yo he's in my mentions with heart emojis nshit. this nigga bored
lmaaaao, like a hamster? bitch my eyes are cute as fuck, get a hobby
men that take selfies and post them online are weird
no we're not
so when are you guys opening up in atlanta? i'm hungry.
we're opening a restaurant in chamblee this fall.
,,supports this democrat shit ,,who opened our borders ,,3000 killed,shit shit works at fox news ,
: orginsky is one of the most obnoxious leftists on the tube. can't stand her voice &amp; turn off fox each time.
eh, i guess ca could always import wind and solar from out of state.
the energy density issue with renewables strikes again. its one of the underappreciated challenges.
91 pitches though? he was flying through the line up.
he wasn't flying. he was battling. and did you really think with a 4 run lead that the yankees would blow it???
that's it! how does it feel to save a life?
i'll play it for you in the mix in the next 10 mins
i've met phi phi so many times &amp; she's easily the coolest &amp; realest. i wish ppl would realize she's a fucking human.
has always been cool on ig, was so sweet when i met her at dragcon and meet and greet. i feel so bad for her.
ryan fitzpatrick played like a top 10 nfl quarterback tonight. he's capable. this year, he leads the jets to a wild-card playoff spot.
right on. how all of a sudden he has a rifle....
her 35 years of scandals video,please share with young voters:
one of her bigger crimes what she did to those travel gate guys - shame shame shame on her !! karma !!
in all actuality i think '3 am type of songs' is my favorite genre of music
this is a '3 am song'
in 1992, george h.w. bush puked on the japanese premier. there was no health freakout:
it was embarrassing though
clinton: there's "no erasing" trump's birtherism
she's stirring the pot again
prediction: trump will spend more time praising his hotel than apologizing to the president of the united states for being a birther
how'd that prediction work out for ya? cc: &amp; president
coo: stan, back to you. for waiting until this meeting to speak up about redundancy, you too are fired.
coo: gary, congratulations, you are in charge. i expect a ro-sham-bo tournament by noon. meeting adjourned.
standards so low, beating bills puts you there lmaooo
i can tell by your name you hate the jets.. nothing to talk about here
wow! thanks to we identified some big performance issues in our apps logic in the first 24hrs. this makes our lives so much easier
happy to help
me and my favorite south korean director, kim jee-woon. santa, monica, 2012
have you seen the age of shadows yet??
if i had a dollar for every person that thought i cared about 9/11, i'd be able to buy own ticket out the country. twice.
special place in hell for weave wearing thots like you
thanks for joining us in class today!
nice meeting you guys!
are you helping susanne find lucy's tutu? tweet to find it in time for the ballet class.
help is on the way
if you can sit down in an office canteen with strangers, and have the eighth amendment be the core conversation, then that says something
that's actually tremendous news &amp; progress. what's the actual process to getting the amendment repealed?!
clinton campaign started it. clinton should not remind voters of her nasty 2008 campaign w/ obama
i remember clinton saying obama was not eligible to run. a big part of her campaign
someone see avenue q at cm with me tonight
enjoy the show!
single life is also a vocation sky!
how did i not know this
i sat in a different spot in my lecture today cause the ppl that sit behind me ever shut up &amp; they're not even here today
now the people in front won't shut up. i hate everyone lmao
right before i die, if my life flashes before my eyes, i hope there aren't 30 second ads before each section.
if there are, i hope there will be a "skip ad" arrow to click on....
i'm a sucker for all early , and this endtroducing remix lp looks like it's going to be amazing
oh jeez what a great lineup of remix artists
q8. we all have our favorite season, which is your favorite adventure season and why?
a8: why do i have to pick one?
happy now and ? happy?
my partner this morning was like "uh that's a classic."
there is nothing i don't love about sea otters. except, perhaps, how few and far away they are.
apparently they used to be plentiful in the san francisco bay. sad that's no longer than case :(
i just found out through my paystub that i've been at playground global for over 1 year!
whoa, congrats-a year is a big deal! time to celebrate with some cake pops?
2016 top 5 (no order): lemonade blonde birds in the trap sing mcnight coloring book blankface lp
i told u pablo is number 1!
once again go find the nearest bridge and jump off it
sick c u next tuesday she is
no bitch i was finishing my algebra quiz first because i have "priorities"
lmao i'm sorry if i hurt your feelings telling you your moms house looked like the trap.
q7. what's your favorite part about early fall when it comes to hiking?
a7: cooler temperatures
and having wifi cover the entire island and surrounding boroughs was mayor bloomberg's baby.
we've had free wifi in a 180 subway stations and should 100% in manhattan, queens &amp; bronx in a years.
dwad tour is one of my all time favorites, this shit is lit
it's near perfection tbh. i've seen it approx. 1,000,000 times.
wonder if had been present at birth, he would acknowledge what should be obvious. but that's a kind of creepy image.
hillary bringing up this issue instead of specific policy speeches shows her desperation &amp;yours
i'm gonna crack one of these "color coded" passes in half
you gotta beat mkaitlinr721 in arm wrestling first
the number of trump signs along highway 99 in the central valley is both shocking and appalling.
imagining what any of these farm towns would be like if trump gets elected. the local economy would collapse in two minutes.
exactly that why we need somebody to be on game like he was back in the 80's.
well i'm here for the game bruh.
trump's lies cannot go unchallenged: 1) trump has been an unrepentant birther 2) hrc has never entertained this racist conspiracy theory
not so. she did, per 2007 top strategist, mark penn!
happy friday! have a great weekend too
thank you margie
asked if she is a birther: "no. if trump says obama was born in america he was. whatever trump says is true."
saddest thing i've seen today. bless her heart.
and just like that, all was well with the world
folks like that u expect from a 3rd world country.the fact that we're in the 21st centuryusa it's scary
senate minority leader says is a bully, liar, and exaggerator
is right on the drumpf factor.he could have added, he is inciting the racist.
to get an idea of the work involved in cru maintaining/updating/improving the crutem global land temperatures:
by the way, thank you for publically archiving prior releases. it's something that is not practiced nearly enough.
. i'm so sick of "trump says" and then you repeat his lies as if they were true. do your job.
- msm's primary interest is making $$$$$ &amp; insuring trump is elected. it's abt breaking news! (excitenent not truth!)
it's been 51 days (july 27) since 's last full press conference. had one yesterday.
so infuriating how this jerkwad gets away with shit.
tag your friends to get them involved in to help poor susanne find lucy's tutu!
help!!! find the tutu!
bernie sanders warns of the danger of a third-party vote
for example, look at governor lepage in maine. he was elected in a three way race. a more degenerate neanderthal would be hard to find
hillary clinton supporters are the original birthers
hillary supporters have memory loss just like her
q6. what final warm weather adventure is on your list before the cold weather hits?
a6: more camping, but fall is a great time for camping, so it's not over...
i actually really like the matte black more than the glossy!
i'd need to see both in person to be sure but i think i agree. (yesterday my boss was like "why didn't you ask, i have one" )
every time a co changes, there is a new thing. and then not. not holding my breath.
its takes alot of ax swings to fell a tree. &amp; sometimes one must hold their nose many xs b4 holding their breath
russia is bleeding cash at an alarming rate, and it's getting worse
invasions cost money.
love watching heads explode. but it's so much fun to watch go .
still don't care about pay to play.
he can, after work, or take time off. it's not an employers responsibility. rory's dad worked, and they bonded fine
the queen is the world's soul "employer" have not worked for her in 15yrs. c r u widowed?
i was referencing a famous book.
i'm somewhat familiar with your reference to fake monsters. i'm suggesting this is a real dragon we're facing.
check out an awesome talk from on
thanks for the shoutout!
nyfw - hitting the shows... capturedcolor and z womandesigns pr / branding covering both the...
will i see you both at @ in ny next week?
wish you guys were here in india. really missing the chicken/lamb with rice whitesauce/hotsauce.
opening in india would be fantastic.
i only asked her that to prove to my daughter 0 divided by anything other than 0 is 0. then alexa ruins it with the .0 after it.
what if you ask it "2 divided by 0"? i really hope the answer is "i'm sorry, tom. i'm afraid i can't do that."
you are the best case available for someone who should never post selfies
this is violence
how is transit treating you?
transit is fine. expecting to train for train operator in the next few weeks.
i'm gonna crack one of these "color coded" passes in half
gotta beat in arm wrestling first
i can't fucking stand this shit anymore, i'm so done
baby come back (music plays in background)
tag your friends to get them involved in to help poor susanne find lucy's tutu!
lucy needs you!
i want to get my lashes done but, money man.
the upkeep can get so expensive
his envision matches this image: towering, menacing, uncomfortable ugly.. a metaphor for how "painful" it is to rule
like and subscribe for more game of thrones fun facts
your kinda exposing your self once everyone reads the joke and my response. my want to delete this
yeah but you out of all people know i could care less so fuck it lmao
so why mention other fanbases watching?
because y'all acting like that's the only reason y'all watched/tweeted because it was the only game on.
one slightly-annoying side-effect of calling 911: my phone turns off call blocking for 48 hours. already have gotten one robo call.
what? why? is that standard practice?
i don't think i will like gazpacho. it looks more like stew than soup. what i like are soups w/ more liquid no cream
gaspacho is a cold soup made with great ingredients and a spicy kick. not stew:
i got drafted 9th to toronto that's perfect oops to derozan all day lol
im playing the semis right now lol as long as the sixers or nets dont pick me up im good
here's a dope question, what song does your favorite artist owe you a video for??
crispy benjamins - somebody needs to put some pressure on hov
housing or parking? that question is stirring debate among some upper west side residents.
why not both?
he just lies and the people voting form him don't care. there's nothing wrong he can do that will lose him votes.
saying hillary started it, wtf!
no doubt bro!
. thanks for checking it, too. tomorrow's edition of is about .
trump blames birther controversy on clinton, says obama born in u.s.
started this and won't let it go, like a dog with a bone
i just cashed out on a shirt and i feel sick now
nd now this
now that is more glamorous than my bed at home!
i know, mine too! but the tents are not heated, so great option for these chilly evenings
ty:)you2 nice pic:)
awesome love her
my dad has started to send me these in the morning, and i can't deal.
omg i wish my dad was still around to send me dad jokes. save them!
maybe trump will actually announce that he is dissolving the massive conflict of interest that is the trump organization
notice how won't speak of and his blind trust, or of
*whispers* "if i had your problems, i could afford better morals."
exaccctttllly :) :) :)
i think they forget identity politics is for children. it's for little black kids who look up to obama, not adults.
never thought about it like this, but yeah. i just meant i'm more against using black people to validate your voting choices
please follow the new public advocate account for all the latest from my office. i'll still be tweeting my thoughts here.
data intrusion cost lives of u.s. services men. hacked thru my personal pc.
you know you're tired when you sit in the elevator asking yourself why isn't it moving and it's bc you haven't pressed a button yet
and no i wasn't literally sitting* inside the elevator
after stiffing workers, a guy born to $200 million real estate empire marks
trump loses in court
bitch someone just rt you on my personal lmaooo
hellary said the same thing this mornin too
it's friday!!!! wahoo haha i will thank you
lucy needs help! go go!!! search for the tutu!
let's be clear: just admitted that he peddled fake conspiracy theories to attack the integrity of .
and said it started with hrc.
i feel his pain.
two candles
i truly hope this will be my last post-cancer oncology appointment ever. they are never on schedule.
good luck. wishing you the best
there's mead with juniper berries in the ruins of the inn in helgen if you return to pick the bones of the dead
yeah, i forgot about that. it's cool that they included it
ok fire drill over. lol. librarian is paul, it's cobble hill branch on clinton street!
thnx! gonna call, "hi it's snappsy. i hear you've been telling people to read the book i didn't want to be in!"
. rightfully tearing trump a new one right now for his ridiculous 33 second statement this morning, also calling out his lie about hrc.
about time someone calls him out!!!
probably all of them right?
i know many aussie spatial space geeks waiting for your 4:30am launch. already an international celeb :)
donald trump said hillary clinton started the birther movement. that's false.
trump lied.. he started it fact!
who do you have winning the wooden award this season? -
lonzo ball should have solid numbers, but it would depend if ucla is like a 3 seed at least.
i'm working on hammered tbh .. had such a bad few days
i know you did
same. for me, it's too linear, lacks dynamics, feels unintentionally unresolved. i tried.
'unresolved' is the key point for me - it feels like he got about 1/3 of the way through and gave up
you see why we're so angry now??????
this is a f*cking full time job and we still can't do it all.
that's just about with everybody are you big on down south music
. absolutely.
she's literally so conceited i can't stand it
cannot stand her
i don't know how i started listening to the glee soundtrack, but here i am!
is a big fan of lea michele's rendition of david guetta/usher's "without you" :)
seriously, we give this guy so much airtime. we talk about him constantly. we give him the time of day. i'm doing it right now!
they say any publicity is good publicity. after trump said he could shoot someone didn't his polls go up? media certainly did it
and because of pat little sayings just like this, the system needs direct actions, not words. it's all been said before.
agree. but you can't lose hope either
missouri state senator sits during pledge of allegiance
disgraceful. i hope his constituents remember this at election time!
i never went to journalism school. i studied political science, then law. so i'm an embarrassment only to myself!
you are one of the few sane rational voices in this season of insanity. your column from this week should be mandatory reading
. serious question: are you surprised by what you see?
no. but it is surreal. we usually only see the polished, pr-approved versions
when caning , qur'an 2b held under the striking arm per sharia, cane not 2 exceed diameter of a man's finger
hillary took donations from these people, what a shame
can't wait to see you tomorrow fans! all the details:
come to san jose california. i am looking to buy the house please help
exactly why i had to cancel our wedding
smh you always doing something w me knowing...smh cancel that shit fuck it
kurtz: is out of ammo to use against ?
she never had none and what ever you thought she had was giving to her by the bias media
tour de france lol
i'm still laughing at magic flute
i just lower my own standards and put a pillow over my face
what a sad commentary on the world. joel osteen said "people rise to the level of our expectancy." just saying...
against who
feather river
"we'll fight for a criminal justice system that actually delivers justice." -
what a joke
he a mofo aint he
nigga crazy but he cold lol
i'd bet money that's rhel 2.1. wonderful.
worse, it's actually rh 2.1. predates rhel.
i clicked thinking "if corey feldman is trending, he must be dead. what other reason would he be trending?" i think everyone did.
yeah, i would think the same. don't love the music, but i'm honestly glad someone like him survived the shit he saw as a kid
can i buy replacement plastic covers? i think we've lost ours?
the company will need your purchasing details, please contact them directly at
stop being lazy! check out these super easy you can do at home!
thanks for the rt!
good to catch up. the way you are working, you are probably my future boss
i'm just trying to finesse like you
is there a wait list for the bar?
there's always a seat for you, sir
ashleigh banfield on cnn is completely fed up with trump's "birther crap"
fed up much? now you know how we feel about coverage the past months!
trump's first state of the union address will be an extended advertisement for his golf courses.
you still don't get how this is more honest than hillary?
went to try this out but not on a mac. these are the two closest win builds, any idea if they'll work?
yeah the older one should be ok :) please open a pr w/ the link to download that as well
already rumors about a new ps4 and the pro isnt even out yet
lol reachhhhhh
damnnn the line is around the block at ! the hype is reeeel in nyc.
you were there last night?
i said the entire game they were gonna blow it 4 runs in fenway is nothing. tanaka was breezing through innings. to many chances
nah. the yankees had plenty of opportunities to score runs. it's on them. but last night showed a lot for the future.
federal judge asked to restore cancelled energy lease in sacred tribal area
yes! it's time!
we've got an office on 5th ave at 17th and once a week some startup emails offering to "solve lunch." lunch in manhattan is...solved.
you're missing the opportunity. see, at 5th &amp; 17th you have *too much choice*. you need a startup to restrict food options to...tacos.
is repugnant as he belittles 's injury, gets deserved response by via
it's pretty bad when your own brother hit's you so hard that he almost goes blind. truth not fiction
i have never been a hunter. i feel like there must be two types of hunter: those that enjoy the hunt, and those that enjoy killing.
i like to hunt sandwiches out of my fridge. but someone has to raise and slaughter the lunch meat, until delicious synthetics win
on behalf of twitter, i demand apologize for starting the movement in 2008
how? by passing out again
i want to know if there are bidets. could you check that out and get back to me ktxbye
all good humor at donald's expense, but fact is he built a hotel while hlry had a fund raiser to bash the "deplorables"
will watch video while i will wait for azure's () reply. &lt;.&lt;&gt;.&gt;
sorry, i just now woke up back up. i'll be on in a bit.
meow how necessary is this hat for my impending move? i...really want it
where is this hat
well, they also believe that obama &amp; brown caused the drought.. so not that shocking.
what good are increased water rights if there are no farm workers? people are so stupid.
one direction.
&amp; here's a comedian making it real for all to see. trump is a professional conman. wake up america b4 2 late!
yes i am going to. i have to .... or stop complaining about trump. it's that simple.
. yes vote - it's simple "don't boo- vote"
a report from the day after trump wins
/ stock market crashes. / bait/switch reality sets in as people realize they've elected g.w, bush iii. / his voters go hide
!!! get a free song at
gotta a point there...but hey i was married. i was actually the ones who were committed.
nah. the yankees had plenty of opportunities to score runs. it's on them. but last night showed a lot for the future.
they now know that they gotta get a closer. betances is fire for the 8th inning not 9th.
my friend, contender, , , radio host, steven t. easter -
wowww! nash many thx bro?? cheers
trump loses in court
believes tough negotiating means not paying workers
if trump isn't a birther, does he regret leading the movement for four years? does he apologize to obama?
and what exactly convinced him? when was that? we know it wasn't the birth certificate or anything else pre-2014 or 2015.
q9. fall brings a slew of foods with it, what's your go-to post hike fall meal?
a9: love the food questions, i'm all about the flavored s'mores toasted coconut marshmallow
if you run a shop and are interesting in a modern payroll service i can't recommend enough-
thanks for the love, harold. we working with you!
i feel like i'm reading the post to find out what happened and reading the times to find out what the times said.
same &amp; it's irritating as hell
obama apparently believes product is great, just needs better sales job.
of course, obama was "immaculately conceived" and so are his conceptions. he's sinless.
working open to close for tent sale this weekend. but i have a lot of laughs with my team!
that. great you have a special family with work make all nice
i'm finding it easier to paste links to github gists into my jira tickets, like an animal, because fixed-width has almost no support in jira
i yell at jira about ten times a day about features that seem obvious for the product 4 years ago.
lmao that sums you up perfectly
but hell yeah man i'm down for a guest appearance
this is also a 3 am song but leaning towards dawn-music
this an acoustic 3 am song
people jumping to conclusions after a week against an all pro and one bad play last night. he'll be fine.
i think he is good i watch him every week he just isn't on same level he was. he was unreal at one time
watching (which i'll be on)discussing trump &amp; birtherism, his speech, etc. it's as if hillary is a bystander in this campaign.
she is a bystander. its her media that's running vs trump
clinton: imagine a pres who thinks our president is not a real american. dt is not fit to be president.
someone calls large segment of voters deplorable doesn't deserve 2 b potus.is she going 2 give specific policy speeches?
fab idea.. have you got any tie ups / anything planned with a coffee producer or a coffee shop brand?
certainly thinking about it, . did you have something specific in mind??
they're scared. you fear what you don't know. i'd be lying if i say i haven't been scared after a risqu night
maybe i'm different. a risqu night makes me anxious. heck sn ichty eye i'm at the doctor's office.
blast of color over the skies tonight :
some photo is hope real
for d love of all dats holy please wake up. so sad washed brains out der
you support your person and i support mine. i'm done insulting people (except candidates and surrogates). do you. idfaf.
oh hello i love you
do you want bears?! cuz that's how you get bears!
i haven't /quite/ reached peak grumpiness and oldness yet
peak? there is no peak.
that is the only reason we watched. if it was on sat we would've watched our game or bama or oklahoma or uga..
lol cmommmm our game was the most anticipated game of the week.
she doesn't have many of those, unless fundraisers are "clinton events" and donors are "surrogate speakers."
i can't recall
seems like most disappointing moment personally for trump of campaign was when he acknowledged our first black president was born in us. sad
but he threw focus back at her saying she started it. you cannot speak to an irrational person.
whys there people rapping out loud to beats on their phone on the tram
the question is... why haven't you got their autographs yet??
it's 4 am and there's a fire alarm in my complex.
looks like my old building. are you in welly?
yo thanks
we gotta hang out and do a movie night when it comes out on dvd
i know he's fast. but that won't help him out here.
18 holes with you, golic and stink needs to be an auction item for jimmy v foundation. please!!
as a fan i'm choosing to believe that the first half of bears/texans is what we'll see from bears the rest of the season.
led the game for 3 quarters, should of won. ugh.. on to mnf!
hey gang, piper went to the hospital last night after attacking the wrong squirrel. will update.
we love you, piper!
half of u.s. smartphone users download zero apps per month
my grandma doesn't even know her apple id password.
please follow the new public advocate account for all the latest from my office. i'll still be tweeting my thoughts here.
rashid of adt's mother put at risk as witness intimidation by r.a.cohen properties.
oh no we don't..we are team !trump usa
had my first one a couple days ago at phoenix bakery and kinda liked it.
i don't mind a little, but it's like chinese fruitcake.
stop that right now
fine. 3-day-old potato. with cheese and chives.
people jumping to conclusions after a week against an all pro and one bad play last night. he'll be fine.
he will be fine, he has had 3 bad games in a row tho, noticeably beat, but to his credit he makes no excuses
we can send you a free digital subscription. just drop me a line at editor.com with your email address.
aww thank u but i gonna pay for the print copies because they are pretty and i just need a mailing address first
i swear the mornings are made for me to feel miserable
mornings are the worst for me too
so proud of you bbygirl
love you momma
hey , laura silverman, author of girl out of water, is having her book rating targeted by white supremacists. a little help, pls?
i love you victoria. and i'm watching you, goodreads.
news: the obama admin is *rewriting* threat assessments prepared by military/intelligence pros to make jihadists seem less dangerous.
consistent intel massage
lucky mf ! i'm about to be stuck once pluggo wakes up
your not gonna be active the whole day after that
lmao i couldn't help but reply. i don't mean to throw gas in the fire lmao
lmfao dont worry i already did that
it's fine,i have too many videos to watch,take your time,but not too much if you don't want the scene broke because gone.&gt;n&lt;
won't be long. just need food first.
why are disparaging people with low iqs? are you some kind of racist?
why do you say that i am disparaging them. and since i don't mention race, why are you bringing it up?
ugh i should really move to new york instead of spending all my money coming to visit every couple months
i said the same thing so here i am. lol
a governmental commitment to hold a public referendum, currently the campaign is to press for this asap
got it. is it a "we need signatures on a petition" thing? or simply applying pressure to those in the oireachtas?!
i met several times at furry migration. sometimes he woke up long enough to drink again.
i'm pretty sure there was something in that drink.... or that's his natural state of flop
i dont understand what's going on. i can't wrap my mind around why media/news just let this shit slide
and plenty of the media doesn't. it almost like he spews so much bs that it dilutes it all into not being a big deal.
'okay, so the latest i have to leave to get to the airport on time is 9:50' -waits, idly, until exactly 9:50-
i outsourced this anxiety to my google phone, which does the calc for me by reading my email
after trump non-ambiguously says obama born in usa, press essentially vows to chase trump to gates of hell over birther issue.
since when did they stop chasing him?
it apparently came from fans of a gay av. pretty interesting stuff tbh
that's amazing, one of the more convoluted evolutions of slang linguistics i've seen
- because me and her friends you not about to throw shade like i won't tell her lmao.
sis ... this nigga wearing jeans with a chain around i don't argue with the mediocre
he should also be put in ecl pending trial in extra judca
and put him in the same cell as waseem akhtar lol
only been at work nothing but 2 hours and these fools already tripping me out
that shit ain't new
we're going to sink that racist birther. you can count on it.
key is gotv effort. has huge field staff; dt ~none. so i have hope.
brilliant sir brilliant, that's absolutely brilliant
thanks dear friend.
psa: free ice cream truck at 14th st and 5th ave. **paging **
vanilla cone with lucky charms toppings ftw
this episode helped inspire a shadow puppet play i created...buena suerte y gracias por su gran trabajo!
whaaat! i would love to see that!
i like the new model, but the decision is up to you fam lol.
if i get 3. can i pay cash for 2 and y'all pro rate the 3rd to my bill?
staff: friendly, efficient and even rescued us from the rain! so glad we have such nice airports in wisconsin.
agree! msn crew are the best of all!
thank you to everyone that joined us on the 5k run/walk love you all via
who me? are you talking to me?
meanwhile we are still stuck typing lul or ayy lmao
truly this is the darkest timeline just put w's when talking to people until they like it
walking around atl with my map you?
lounging with my oral surgeon udigg?
this issue was 1st presented by hillary in2008! so, she is making a huge mistake saying it's racist!!
show me where clinton challenged obama's birth certificate.
trump jr. insists "gas chamber" remark was "poor choice of words," not a holocaust reference
why, people talk about gas chambers in polite discussion all the time. what's the problem?
it was, there wasn't another option like there will be on saturday. niggas just want to watch football bruh it's simple
oh no doubt. so why y'all be tripping when we tweet y'all. it's football we wanna watch.
do you know what ignorant means? denotation not connotation? i feel like you don't
what you feel is of zero importance to me. you're synonymous with ignorant....... hope that helps.
thanks, , for helping white people to understand that "can i touch your hair?" can be a horrifying question.
that was shameful, man, treating trump like some harmless outrageous cartoon rather than a dangerous bigot.
today we can eat mooncakes and view the moon with family!
the moon was beautiful ~ we also had usagi manju.
i don't want to look female. i don't want breasts. but i don't really want to look male either.
so you want to look like a femboy. big surprise there.
happy birthday, bro! have a great one
thanks, matt! miss you guys up there.
i have health problems caused by i want to know it isn't happening to the next guy in line.
understood. medical errors are a high cause of death for everyone. it killed my grandfather. a lot needs to change.
oh good, they got my request!
they're playing call me maybe now!!!
hillary clinton and donald j. trump trade barbs over obama 'birther' flap
trump could not have stated it more concisely and to the point means not a barb
hmmm atlantic? i haven't seen them? do you mean the bike crews?
not sure it's usually younger teens who are riding loud dirt bikes.
| did you know that the host of is an alumni of ? so much swag!
love you morehouse son . so proud of your accomplishments.
"hit" single? or "single"?
"performed".
icream brownie sundae bowls.
oh my goodness! where have you been all my life????
blast of color over the skies tonight :
place must go for sunset off the hook
nothing better than in to start a hard charging friday after long week on road. fired up!
glad we could serve you today. go get em and happy friday!
deadass? i heard it could lead to kidney problems since it retains water
multiple 12 week studies show no negative effect on the body. the problem comes when ppl take more than the recommendation
lol! yes, they're very happy they nabbed one before they sold out
heh nah he has a development one
happy friday and weekend
thanks gidi! consider supporting our new pilot!
guys! today marks the day i came out to my parents, 10 years ago!!! after getting caught with my then gf... also happy birthday mom!!!
a celebratory day! this is my 10 year too! mines was in april. mazel tov!
also, obama himself said he was born in kenya and raised in indonesia in harvard law review 1991. lie??
if you are so stupid to believe that, i am blocking you.
i gave up. ill deal with everything tomorrow after work
my ghetto ass with all those damn trash bags
do you normally pet a dog, or pat a dog? how do you draw the distinction?
for me petting combines the patting and stroking dog modalities
you still here?
sorry man, i missed your tweet and wasn't able to find ya! hope you had luck getting yours!
going back in a few minutes to get my phone.
damn i wish i had seen this earlier! what'd you get?
after you're done restoring your iphone you get... this ui? that's it?
dat clarity
media-do not be gulled by trump's claim to 'believe' pbo was born here-after conducting a 5-yr birther crusade.
after trump's stunt, i believe ppl will be so scared of him being prez, that the 3rd party vote drift may begin drying up. media shift, too.
the number of trump signs along highway 99 in the central valley is both shocking and appalling.
in other news, bakersfield has a maserati dealership.
trump jr. insists "gas chamber" remark was "poor choice of words," not a holocaust reference
just like his father was not mocking the reporter's disability
trump and clinton's exchanges on health have been tame compared with past elections
hillary just couple days back was in bad shape, came back like a bull
he appreciates me for the princess i am
yea duh ofc you're a princess
q: how are we evaluating the settlements? a: it depends on the theory of dmgs: 1. risk of future harm and 2. loss of benefit of the bargain.
we like the second theory better because it leads to better settlements.
what time do ppl in la wake up
my observation is: earlier than ny. brunch in ny is like 1pm or later, in la people get brunch at like 11.
im like a town over, but i and got work til 5 smh smh
say less i'll hit you.
its natnl suicide prvntn mo&amp;suicide death kids 15-24.
i do love you + tho...
what time do ppl in la wake up
at least when i lived there....
if i get 3. can i pay cash for 2 and y'all pro rate the 3rd to my bill?
wait does metro carry iphones? the other 2 r for the kids.
donald trump claims hillary clinton started the birther controversy:
irrelevant. she dropped it. trump ran with it for no apparent reason.
i was referring to his expecting the press to act like thinking entities rather than entertainment reporters
who is "the press?"there's plenty of smart coverage.but for the traditional press, calling out lies is now media bias.
trump is about two days from attacking hillary clinton's failed casinos and raising questions about her sealed divorce from ivana.
spot on, it's the whatever i do sticks to you, mentality. and the media's force feed continually legitimizes dt's insanity.
join phi kappa apple pie sig chi rho rho rho your boat delta omega 3 fish oil
copied someone else's tweet good job
say what you will about king solomon, he knew a thing or two about american politics
consider this a subtweet
lost in shuffle this am - trump attacked cosmo and reporter who interviewed ivanka/asked her about trump statements
trump's insistence on pursing every perceived slight would be disastrous in a world leader.
part of me wants a bath robe, but another part of me knows i would spend too much time in it. it would be a gateway drug to hard laziness.
i don't get those robes. wouldn't being wrapped in such a blanket, all wet, be.... uncomfortable?
damn. i mean, on one hand, that's not the role of talk shows. but otoh, he is kind of a fascist lol every opportunity to point
yeah i mean the show doesn't have to take hardline political stances but it also shouldn't act as a pr machine for literally
been covering the clinton campaign since the outset. this has never happened to us.
when is the press going to stop pussyfooting around this guy?
he should be tried in the icc in hague for over 100 fake police encounters and extra judicial killings
maybe he should join psp or police-pakistan :p
wow can't believe they stole my startup idea
new quest flavor?
my mom just referred to the city of kingston as "kinky kingston" for no discernible reason and i'm so confused
which kingston? ny?
i know it is soup. i'll try it if i see it in restaurants. as long as it doesn't have cream, i will probably like it
zero cream. tomato base. raw veggies. any decent mexican or spanish restaurant will have it. upscale amer. might
i don't feel sorry for the press because the press doesn't hold trump accountable.
no, i don't feel sorry 4 them, what i mean is he's treating press like theyve no right to cover him campaigner manhandled 1 of em
this is bs hyperbole, trump's conned media to greater effect for 30 years.
read a book on trump published before he ran for president, your ignorance is showing.
has this ever been screened in nyc before?
it has and i miss it every damn time!
not a claim but supporters started claim against '08 dem primary. watch 60mins hrc also
doesn't matter after he kept it going for 3 years
this is normal
and the 6s plus
this is essentially like talking to a brick wall. i'm done here.
matt it's exhausting
don't you have boards to study for
why you clocking me
spending $31 each week on a metro card pisses me off.
girl you better off with an unlimited
i can be silly but i'm not. research in lit might help. why do quotes stick with us from books written before we were born?
there is also research that shows large majority of published research in english lit is never referenced again.
he actually dated my sister years back &amp; he was corny but now it's like mielda tienes que manejarte mejor!
your sis gotta stop fucking w/ these lame niggas who say shit and don't @ people. that's cornball/bozo behavior, can't relate
"all these polls are a joke. a joke," says harry reid. points at and says companies like his employer (cnn) pay for "cheap polls."
yes they are a joke! if they were fair they would show with a 15 point lead.
new home button feels terrible.
you feel terrible.
yeah i mean the show doesn't have to take hardline political stances but it also shouldn't act as a pr machine for literally
anyone of a certain profile that asks to be on the show. letterman would have grilled trump
i love the idea that the first hour' s spent not on a current project!
yes! not always easy to do, but schedule it on your calendar like anything else. make it habit.
knows it has my coffee-loving, waffle-eating heart. and i'll take a jubala apple spice latte any day. &lt;3
we're watching you jen!
you think jimmy haslam's little we are a nice little family article happened to come out without any thought of what's being said on org
i missed the haslam article .where did it appear? he's been pretty quiet lately
pfff this is 2016- a 21 year old can't afford to move out gonna live in your basement until we're 28
specifically 's basement. along with es4.
happy bday brother we gotta get that dub today for you
thank you brother and let's get it bro!
hysterical yale students cry and scream at their "racist" professor [video]
what a very sad state of affairs when free speech is squelched!
he's basically at the door he's tall. it's perfect.
only if it comes with the stuffing.
drawingkit has a new gpu check that disallows it in an extension. so i swizzled it.
i'm glad you're back on the internet.
[new video] we have a couple of toddler models in the house! watch here:
these kids have some serious style
so corey feldman, the loch ness monster &amp; birtherism are trending. and...yep, there goes the trumpet of gabriel. gonna start drinking.
checking the skies for horses at the moment.
please start talking about trumps tax returns with the same enthusiasm you had for emails
i tried to watch her today 1st time in months. lisa she is so ugly, in misogyny, i could not for 10 mins
i thought it was your real hair
i switch my hair up often dumbass
i feel bad for sean murray re: no man's sky. sony throwing him under the bus is crazy, especially when sony hosted him @ e3.
sony acts disgusted yet they're now denying people nms refunds over psn. gimme a break.
it didn't literally happen but it's pointing out that fallon didn't challenge trump on his racism, just laughed with him.
explain to me trump's racism. what about trump is racist?
sorry man, i missed your tweet and wasn't able to find ya! hope you had luck getting yours!
still in line. they said the system went down but its back up now.
leave to the nascar guy. it's chick fil and it's not even that close.
blasphemy. y'all have a dang race named after bojangles.
but tell us how you really feel
i'm cranky and need a nap
i raised my voice bc you said you couldn't hear me
mhm whatever
where is this
hunter college
bummer that only 2/8 i've checked from my podfile so far have rendered change logs
welllllll there is this from :
i wrote a long piece about some of the problems with startup equity:
good complement to my piece today: "the truth about next year's ipo 'rush'"
i like bernie, i wanted to see him and hear his speech
i figured that. i was making a joke because i don't care for politics
it's obvious you used low iq as an insult. it's a fact that the average aa iq is lower than those of whites. racist!
there is so much faulty logic here that i don't where to begin. so i won't.
you just contradicted yourself
i was being sarcastic all i'm saying is i just don't like it when artist make it seem like they're down to earth of that's not
trump is still refusing to say whether he believes president obama was born in hawaii. "i'll answer that question...
trump-the-schlocksucker finally admits obama born in the u s of a. how cocky!
i'll think she'll arrive w/ plenty of facts/proof
but this isn't a normal debater. look at the primary debates. anything but the topic at hand.
out of town dude
i know but i just wanted to see the movie :-/ i hope you enjoyed
overdo birthday thingie for the great !
ohmygoddd ahhhhh thank you for this!!
remind us next week before the game!
. follow and "turn on notifications for tweets with live video"
i don't. just find it strange that members in your fandom seem to always make it about us. i rarely tweet you dweebs
loooooool your our rival and we on a six game winning streak. the tweets gon go. you gotta expect that.
once again, the american news media gets totally played by trump. wall-to-wall coverage. we're all guilty.
we're not all to blame. people in charge make decisions about what is "news" based on training, ethics etc; it'sjust a $ grab
also i know ny has some weird laws about putting stickers on things (fianc went to jail for putting a sticker on a post)
whoa, that's a heavy price to pay for a sticker.
i wish these perf benchmarks had knockout, for a fuller picture of where we are. that data exist? /
or backbone
if restaurant that does not compete on volume (e.g. not mcdonald's) has low-$ kid's menu, does that suggest their adult food margins high?
of course it's too much to ask for yelp reviewers to make sense, but i saw one complain that a tiny cheap-ish diner doesn't have kids' menu
well, it's my dune fan's golden birthday today! could you please give a shout out to esau? thanks!
happy birthday esau!
we like the second theory better because it leads to better settlements.
our theory in the new adult toy case is that ppl would not have bought the product if they knew abt its practices.
im at the hard rock cafe in philadelphia
did u get a shirt or shot glass
i was being sarcastic all i'm saying is i just don't like it when artist make it seem like they're down to earth of that's not
the case of its just about the money let it be known especially if people feeling you
i can be silly but i'm not. research in lit might help. why do quotes stick with us from books written before we were born?
can't win me over to position of "it's all good and beyond reproach and we need more please"
just watched that video and i'm in tears. this issue will forever break my heart.
me too, i am so sorry
is this a rhetorical question?
bring it if you have an answer
you must do some home work before you tweet next time. go find out what the 3 ministers did in brazil.
well have you done the homework? cm on medical leave, delhi is almost in icu and deputy cm goes out ..
trump admits obama was born in the u.s. after years of racist denials by
- seems msm is playing ppl, but intelligent ppl never gave it a thought!
thanks
he looks like a guy with dragon breath.
you waste money on drinks all the time
you haven't seen me buy a drink in years though...
huh -- mine restored (through itunes) before updating. was yours backed up through icloud?
i'm not sure i have a working install of itunes anywhere.
started learning japanese this morning ... i wonder if it will be harder or easier since i barely know english.
hard as fu*k more letters in its alphabet and harder to pronounce
nothing trump can say will ever erase the fact that for 5 years he tried to delegitimize america's 1st black president w/racist .
we have free speech and freedom of information. the racism card is going the way of boy called wolf.
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
hahahaha great speech today tricking the media into following all your military endorsments
i think my beyonc concert was better than drake this summer but honestly they both gave me life
i was physically dead at drakes concert right until i heard his voice and i rose from the dead
ahahah, i'd totally consider sydney but i'd rather take over maintainership of vim than work on jira. :)
that can be arranged
great piece, you weren't the only one screwed over by
those fuckers definitely recovered a lot of their cap table from fired employees circa-2012.
in the spirit of and i present 's : pseudogeneric thunks
ooh that actually looks closely related to what i've been writing this week. i should update.
i can't take the girl. but if they showed 1 episode instead of 6 per evening, i could live w it.
yeah, that's the annoying part. they're doing all back to back stuff and it becomes really annoying. it's not the same now.
russia is bleeding cash at an alarming rate, and it's getting worse
putin is counting on trump.trump will be able to give him his money +interst
oh wow, they got my whole playlist!
it's i really like you now. i'll stop sending updates since you know what's next
that moment when you find out there's no this season...
but they gave us shark themed beer so that's something right? or nah?
i was physically dead at drakes concert right until i heard his voice and i rose from the dead
i dead napped for like 45 minutes at the concert
when donald trump jr. isn't retweeting racists, he's busy lying. it's a genetic family trait
every newspaper &amp; legitimate network should be demanding what is trump hiding? his tax returns are essential to the public's right to know.
of course it's too much to ask for yelp reviewers to make sense, but i saw one complain that a tiny cheap-ish diner doesn't have kids' menu
often a wait for table there. it would be horrible for such a place to fill limited seats on break-even meals. this isn't rocket science.
hey do you have any gifs or video of our old favorite monkey? the expressive one, pre harambe. i need him today
ahem... he is a baboon. please respect his culture / lineage. .
hey guys my plan is working
wait wait i got one too! = the new dating app
(i am not given to wanton scripture-tweeting, as you know, but man, proverbs is )
i particularly like verse 8, where the person who honors a fool thunks themselves in the head with a rock
my test is always walking through an ice. the new ms stuff is still minimal against ipads and *bulky* plastic laptops
i think the surface is too expensive still for most; but this will change within a year
it took years for the almighty trump to 'legitimize' our president and he does it now for publicity and black votes
he's deluded if he thinks today's antics got him anyone's votes
set my alarm to wake up early and do stuff. wind up falling asleep every time i try to get up. it's work season, all right. :/
anyway, hello everyone. welcome back to crazy ramblings with your host, cityflyer502. i don't know where i'm going with this. :p
define down to earth
just approachable if i say what's good i'm glad to be here and u just look at me like i'm stupid this didn't directly happen
outsite for retreats is a seriously cool company. definitely one to watch - upvote on the ph today!
this is so up your alley !!
bizarre watching "little giants" fake six years later. key was le'veon bell tripping up harrison smith. they've both made pro bowl since.
the key was the play never gotten before the play clock went to zero and then the pick play that was never called.
i really don't want to go to yoga today. i just want to stay at home and wait for my .
but i'm on my way to school right now because i'm such a perfect student and my class is like 70% participation.
but will trump release long-form, written proof that he was wrong about the president's birthplace?
u &amp; the rest of the media should report this daily until election. would be justice if this is the lie that takes trump down!
very cool. travel safe!
thank you! my grandma is super excited .
huh -- mine restored (through itunes) before updating. was yours backed up through icloud?
p.s. you have the best twitter bio in the universe.
thnx! gonna call, "hi it's snappsy. i hear you've been telling people to read the book i didn't want to be in!"
he'll freak! i didn't see him again, but asked another librarian.
preorder iphone, book pickup time, still have to wait in line... i don't want it anymore
i did warn you...
uses 's sourcekitten behind the scenes :)
and you're sending prs that way too, best way to improve it for all :d
have spent about an hour reporting some of the most disgusting harassment i've seen and i am so. so. so. so. so. so. so angry right now.
sending so much love, elle &lt;3
stream now live! some first and then some healing in !
i am really liking holy healing this xpac, much better than ret.
hbo's 'girls' gears up to shoot in hastings: hastings-on-hudson, n.y. -- fans of the hbo show "girls" will want to...
if you show up to watch you're objectifying them. if you dont, you're dismissing them as unworthy.
where u live at?
nowhere close lol you already know
hair roundup part 1: pony power with
great post! we're so glad you loved the perfectly parisian look! how cool is it that we used one of your go-to faves for the look?
grindr owner pays wife $1.1b in
she hit the lotto, ,may i have another
wearing more makeup than i usually do and am waiting for tamales to cook
you look like a comic book character in the best way. can i use this pic for painting practice?
women in certain environments are a liability it's science not sexist.
oh god what an idiot
how about one direction ?
we had one direction in march of 2015. hopefully they'll return in the near future.
often a wait for table there. it would be horrible for such a place to fill limited seats on break-even meals. this isn't rocket science.
some kids' menu foods might be super cheap but in tiny place w/tiny kitchen, not worth clogging things up, jeopardizing others' experience
for me either!!
debate hillary will whip his ass with it.
. lupe fiasco "and he gets the girl" .. kanye west "we major" .. "dreams" j.cole ...
there's a really cute sims version of he gets the girl that i used to love
who's ready!? tweet the hashtag to unlock something awesome today, we promise it's worthwhile
i been ready!!!
selfie sticks are the best
omg such great people selfie'ing!
shit put us on tf don't be selfish
two words... group chat
"not only did i see him get beat up... they raped him!" jeeeeesus
we are all scared to like this one.
he suspended
for a broken phone...... that's it....
just approachable if i say what's good i'm glad to be here and u just look at me like i'm stupid this didn't directly happen
to me this happened to my friend i just heard about it .. artist are not your friends but when u come in contact w em don't
guys, i think we got played
"got played" yet again. but don't worry, next time he'll let you kick that football, i promise!!
over time, being able to effectively curate your timeline will result in a healthier twitter experience for you
thanks to the team !
trump blames birther controversy on clinton
this man is truly pathetic
the most striking number here may be that 99% of americans 18-29 do use the internet. it is now universal.
that is amazing. there are towns where kids congregate outside the police station for the wifi. (read: uses != has regular access to)
in the past week my iphone 6s+ battery has been draining like... anyone else?
yes totally useless after an hour or two and unexpectedly shutting down while the indicator days 20-40% left
yeah. sorry this is happening. again
enjoy directing
but i'm on my way to school right now because i'm such a perfect student and my class is like 70% participation.
i will be posting a unboxing today as soon as i get home or my iphone comes.
moving on to now.
icymi: spokeo marketed itself as a people search engine that showed people's marital status, income level, age, and etc.
seeing tonight . don't yell "never meant" unless it ends with "...to doubt the ."
what about "watch her flow" to next week?
please follow the new public advocate account for all the latest from my office. i'll still be tweeting my thoughts here.
landline verizon techs life put at risk after our line was severed.all he did was fix r compromised line.
"some of the best companies did not make sense in the beginning"- disrupt. innovate. create
if anyone at likes , please contact me... is old.
till they all come home
: we can best remember those of us who serve, by voting for trump &amp; investgating hilarity clinton.
to me this happened to my friend i just heard about it .. artist are not your friends but when u come in contact w em don't
diss your fans that's all i'm saying .. lol especially if u make it seem like it's good lol
rt hey! you referring to this ?
she wished that was her admiring fan sno chance lady
a good number of shows are sold out or nearly there... if i were u i wouldn't miss this :):
pumped to finally see u tho lets hug
once you realize you deserve better, letting go will be the best decision you will ever make.
i agree. i'm @ a turning point in my relationship &amp; i needed to read this today. thanks....
the question is the bank shot--can hillary use birtherism, an attack on obama, as a means of generating enthusiasm for her candidacy?
if obma truly at 50% approval rating its probably a wash. still, she's concerned about her base
hopefully i'll be back in like a month or so it's kinda boring here since i can't talk to anyone i'll hit you up when i'm back tho!
damn that's true gotta find a nice italian girl but i saw your fb post too, you all good with that?!
then i can be fawned over by all the hot guys. though you might already.
might already what?
they didn't connect tho lmao
i dead dnt even know wat u mean but ima laugh anyway cuz u my gurl so.... lollll
mac miller came back with a soulful ass album!! loving this
the one with kendrick is super fire
do you want a morning wake-up call?
hah nah it should be fine :p hopefully...
"i was pretty confident about where i was born." -pres. says he's not shocked the birther issue resurfaced
pretty adjective means he's not really sure
that's a walk-off courtesy of ! final: 7, yankees 5
way to go great to hear remy in booth again go sox.
happy p-day my a1 since day 1 from fights in the back of endzone to now you always kept it g my family for life love you mayne
lol i remember that ahaha and thanks brother love you mo!
tbh i still don't. not completely.
you scan an item, put it on the belt, and pay
hillary clinton is a moron. you don't win votes by attacking people. didn't the last 8 months prove that?
hrc is incapable of learning. no matter how often something doesn't work, she just keeps hitting the repeat button.
let's be clear the press is no victim, they enjoy every second all that rolling in. zucker, moonves &amp; lack.
ur missing my point. in fascist countries they deny the press access. this is what i am talking about
i have tickets to two different shows. so much going on tonight.
the owen show is the best one imo
the complete guide to every single new emoji in ios 10
what do you think of os 10?
well, he was in colorado were you can legally ingest/smoke things that will generate stupid comments
oh go away biden
that's just fucked up
it's only like an 18 hour drive you can make it by the time they close
ok. i would have made a different chart but have been hit too many times about not like the liberal arts &amp; humanities.
of couse. not knocking value of pursuing scholarly work in obscure fields. advancing knowledge is an absolute good...
icymi: spokeo marketed itself as a people search engine that showed people's marital status, income level, age, and etc.
spokeo said that the plaintiff needed a real life "owie" ('s words). but rejected that test.
lol at the people next to me who are on a first date
which ones?!
4) i'll add an option.if you need it, i'll write you the check and you can keep the money rather than give it to charity
hell, i'll donate a mill if u can get him 2 do it &amp; i can.i'm not quite in ur $ world but close
yeah investors that want to own 20% of team. do you have davis ? ooohhhh thats right
doesn't sheldon also want some ownership lol
today ? where at
anywhere and yeah like in a hour or so
yea i wouldn't even waste your time and tell you to get it bc you don't play it as often.
that's what i'm thinking, i'd get it to save money and be buying a billion games cause i'm bored lmao
i particularly like verse 8, where the person who honors a fool thunks themselves in the head with a rock
anyhow the metaphor game was very strong with the proverb-writer when chapter 26 came due, i wonder who he was subtweeting
donald trump speaking today at the trump hotel in dc:
trump-the-schlocksucker admits obama born in the u s of a. how cocky is that!
because no one else does apparently
i'll be out thanks for the concern
people who are meant to be together find their way back, they may take a few detours, but they're never lost.
wow! you have confirmed what my heart has been recently pondering...thanks so much!
happened last year, too. barry needs the extra camera for his last few months.
eric used to roll deep into my store. occasionally one of the kids, too.
they've been here since the map came out in ttk
nope. they're siva. must be stopped.
! are you ready for the weekend? we're off to a great start with sunshine, showers move in late sunday.
nice weather to date
*raises hand*
i don't understand. you could be having french toast.
i love the smell of the universe in the morning.
really? i heard it smells like dank air and stuffy humanity...
staying here, right ?
that's so far from the bay
illegal africans in como demanding entry to switzerland.
breaking: clooney's neighbors litter his lawn with trump signs. clooney seen on lawn with hose
first question for the twitter party in 10 minutes! can't wait to chat with everyone!
here ya go! lol! make me time and there is playdoh party.
i wish i could post 99% of my pics with melanie but she likes taking them in a way where she looks cute and i look ugly lmao
that's why i only let her get ahold of my phone once
composer change doesn't scare me
it's more the reshoots and earlier reports this is just the cherry on top
settled the issue. just cant give credit to for can she defend a liar &amp; criminal.
julie does exactly what she is told to do...morals? sorry, don't see them she has stated nothing wrong with
any gyms in louisville wanna hang today?
please come to crossfit coney island in brooklyn ny oct 9 we're doing barbells for boobs that day
a beer, that's in my tummy
that sounds nice i want a cheesesteak
that's what i do!! i just eat him up
i swear if it were legal i'd ask you to bring him to hunter i'll babysit whenever you have class lol
q12. what wildlife to you look forward to seeing in fall?
a12: a bear!
...momentarily. *rb 2/2
platinum status means nothing. seated next to a paper covered window. mechanical delays. really disappointed.
i will and you will be missed for sure!
make sure to have everyone post photos!
would you email sales.com so we can help?
will do, thanks!
it's my birthday!!! today, i'm grateful for another day to live, love and serve. i woke up and...
many happy returns, love!
a beer, that's in my tummy
every time i think of you maria i want a cheesesteak idk shy
ah, glad it is all solved!
it says a lot about how essential is that i panic when it's not set up on a new device.
welp, there goes another one of my faves.
it really sucks when you have to stop stanning for somebody you really freaking like.
it plays tunes lol hypnotises women
that it does
i called my bf screaming at 2 am bc i saw one on my ceiling. we're 5 hrs apart idk what i expected him to do lmao
lmao absolutely necessary. i completely understand.
that sad moment when you realize you never really knew .
of course, if had declared undying love for ...
i wish i could post 99% of my pics with melanie but she likes taking them in a way where she looks cute and i look ugly lmao
i'm so excited to see her next week though i miss her so much. i'm gonna give her the biggest hug.
come lay down in the cool grass with me, baby let's watch that summer fade'
thanks for the retweet my friend!!
great piece, thanks for writing it.
thanks man!
"hey god. i know i'm leaving your fav publication, but i totally tweeted about your word today. we cool?"
we all know god's favorite publication is charisma, mike, smh
[gear] anyone using 's mirrorless system? the eos m5 looks pretty sweet. wouldn't trade my 5d mkiii, though
the 5d mk3 is so solid. the only way i'd get rid of it was to use the sony a7s as a video camera only.
!!!!! this is exciting! what do you normally like again? milk based beverage or no? also do you drink soy or almond milk?
i usually use soy but i'm open to trying anything lol i like mild sweetness
that verse kills me every time
that entire song honestly
trump didn't apologize. he didn't even really acknowledge that he was wrong. then he hustled off that stage like the coward he is.
. - didn't watch it (wasn't worth my time) trump &amp; his campaign has proven 2 b a 4 ring circus. msm making big $$$!
just think how amazing our world is going to be in their hands! &lt;3
the world is already in their hands! this was a group of adult women.
10/20 top mobile apps (by uniques) "are owned by $fb, $goog &amp; $aapl" fine right?
a really poor way to measure "top apps"
spokeo said that the plaintiff needed a real life "owie" ('s words). but rejected that test.
our view of is the test is whether the harm was something that congress contemplated while passing the statute.
. calls a "great service to and the country". i call it racist. rt if you agree.
the racism card is so "boy who called wolf" you better choose your words carefully
officially hoodie weather! stock up before the upcoming games.
i like how it looks with the exception of the green on it. live that queens crushers logo on the back that really nice
i thought you were a trap god ! since when u work a regular job lol
to the court imma changed man
who wants to game share 2k to my xbox?
free loader
tag a friend who needs to learn what "mechanical keyboard" means and you could both win.
music makes the world go round
it really sucks when you have to stop stanning for somebody you really freaking like.
i was looking fwd to watching the knicks this year &amp; now i'm just completely turned off.... thx
i'm so sore from today i fell walking up the stairs because my legs gave out
i hope this practice won't kick my ass like last one lol
over time, being able to effectively curate your timeline will result in a healthier twitter experience for you
thanks to the team !
stop double tweeting larry!
oh, sorry. sometimes i forget.
finally a reason to watch this show
wow actually yes
"hey! are you playing diablo instead of working!?" ..."noooo, it's called video game conservation."
. -good eye! it's diablo 2 in french and he's testing it as part of a regular sampling of functionality of our games
another fox lawsuit? but this time...
maybe a lawsuit against cnn would help put them in their place!
lots missing here. hillary invented birtherism: 11 things the media won't tell you
would you stop the bull
if i make the ship irresistible to trekkies... even 1 sale of the ship will fund my house project for a year.
why don't you put some examples on my time line..i'll retweet them maybe drum up some buisness for you
it's so much more expensive to do it that way
and it's not like she did one with cash and one with a card. it was all in cash
bruh i ain't even know they did one together, haven't heard it yet
it's the last song it's dope
purchased preferred aisle seat. virgin changed to window. told "if we take you out of preferred, you will get middle". seriously.
now i get a preferred middle seat. what exactly is preferred about that!
i got a vm once telling me to stop calling, saying they don't know who i am + threatened me. i don't know who it was or why.
oh man that is insane! i hope they didn't continue leaving any more weird voice mails
i'm trying to decide between an old cherokee xj or something new &amp; reliable (maybe a subaru forrester?)
go old man - look at the old land cruisers. love them
feels good to own film from one your favourite movies
my god it's full of ... film
we need a fiscal plan to put us on a sustainable path. tweet to ask clinton &amp; trump for their plans in the debate.
: the true answer is earn more, eliminate waste, spend with frugality .
this is bs hyperbole, trump's conned media to greater effect for 30 years.
who keeps showing up, dopey?
.: 'sinister' is calling racist to get the black vote
newsflash already has the majority no pandering needed unlike trump
.: 'sinister' is calling racist to get the black vote
grasping at straws cause she is desperate!
friendly reminder that hey violet have a music video filmed and getting ready to be released sometime soon.
are you trying to kill me
maybe we can find a way to use emailed excel spreadsheets to solve this problem...
oooh. "ok, what version are you working with?" "sheet 1, d17." "you sunk my battleship." "tests pass, then."
gmen looking ahead to the skins. that's a mistake. stop talking about norman. talk about brees.
thank you!
obama camp manager: clinton camp "engaged in most shameful offensive fear-mongering we've seen from either party"
that is him
platinum status means nothing. seated next to a paper covered window. mechanical delays. really disappointed.
and if you are messaging a 1:10p departure why are you taking all passengers off the plane at 12:52p? awful travel experience.
the worst thing about this cold is how i can't go to blair witch without being that asshole who coughs through the whole movie.
i found that a shot of tequila cleared up my cough for about four hours. shot then movie?
early cause me and my group left late and the traffic/parking was devastating we almost missed the beginning
will do-already planning on it!
she is killin!!!
she's always slayingggg shes so beautiful
my coworkers are great but... at the risk of sounding like a 4chan idiot: they are such fucking normies
could like just one of you mention rupaul's drag race or gaming or something cool???
my dad told me he's now registered republican and voting for trump because "he wants to see the world end"
at least he's aware of the end results and isn't like, "he's just so honest, he's the real voice of the people"
clinton campaign started it. clinton should not remind voters of her nasty 2008 campaign w/ obama
it was so nasty, vicious, mean, unfair that he appointed her secretary of state.
she actually looks pretty strong today. must be the steroids.
lol. i just don't get why you guys make these, only people that like them are already on board
looks like the thresholds are up a little bit.
love the official manuscript title "the one that got away.." :d
my 2017 calendar is now available for pre-order!!!
thats the best news that makes muisc to my ears
lazy ass niggas at this fugazi bank had me sign this list that they have yet to check while they just sitting at they desk not on shit
*goes back to shoebox*
you and *how many others*? (seriously, this is the day it's almost encouraged)
half my team was already out sick the last few days anyway :/
the latter! it's been on the agenda for a long time, but has been delayed by successive governments
i "liked" that too quickly. in fact, i don't like it at all. ugh. do the county councils have any pull in these matters???
aren't either of you getting dizzy yet as we keep toggling ?
my enjoyment of watching each case is directly proportional to the quality of the livestream.
i still see no point in playing play 6+ hours for a card you cannot even sell. game is trash for people who don't spend money
omg are you kidding me... they give you 30k and you still complain ... god nothing makes anyone happy anymore i dont get it
whoa! luke russert tells the truth about gop and birtherism via
who is like russert?
ny times op-ed brands missouri the 'shoot-me state' over new gun law
2nd amendment! great!
sent this to spox, to ask how he will fulfill promise to give $5m if assured pres. obama born in us
don't you people feel sort of silly and stupid and petty and trivial...and just boring?
on another note all you damn losers who still subtweet y'all weak as hell. talk to a person and resolve your issues instead of this sub shit
is this a subtweet?
of wa dc always stirring up trouble
she has no otherchoice because her campaign has tanked
was too toe up yo
came alone way
yeah never thought i'd see the sell out. but it's and *ratings*
there's nothing funny about .
whoa, that's a heavy price to pay for a sticker.
steeper than for killing someone with a car \_()_/
my 2017 calendar is now available for pre-order!!!
great annoucement
archbishop slams notre dame for honoring pro-abortion joe biden: you betrayed your catholic identity
he did along time ago
lol. i just don't get why you guys make these, only people that like them are already on board
is that a picture of your one black friend or something?
dude fr but we get some coo shit on text messaging
i seen it on my friends phone, i like the sound when you type. but the twitter part is so ugly
i would love that!
keeps calling me. when i saw purple rain as a kid i was fascinated by it.
fact checker: recidivism watch: trump repeats debunked claim that clinton 'started the birther controversy'
birtherism is trump racist preparation for campaign appealing to half of the american basket. not politically correct but true
if you want a stronger coffee flavor i would recommend a soy americano-misto (half americano topped with steamed soy)
thank you this place is intimidating lol
there's a sequel to that shit???!!
they really are committed to celebrating this white woman's mediocre body of "work."
people misunderstand what we were fighting about in . it was about in federal courts.
but some state courts have more lax standing requirements, so that doesn't mean the cases would have gone away.
so i've never understood how defines this. is your premium whatever buyer pays above mkt prices? pt1
how do the benefits of sustainability roll down chain? all the costs do.
yes! totally agree. that is sweet. uses it.
that low light performance got me like...
can you share the link?
(try this, there are few others) also an app called headspace
how many in the tent encampments have pets?
ty for questions. put in the queue for mina to ask.. -amanda
what trump just did is a disgrace.
it was deplorable.
how do i kill myself ??? the faster way please i can't live with a runny nose and sick like that
omg stop i actually started shaking reading this tweet omg
how i feel the day after a jets win
i just pictured you doing that
at fenway for my who are wiiiinnnnniiiiing
hope u washed away those fenway germs those air quality bad there too
should i read it? (or maybe not!!)
haha .. maybe not. structure of school has been repeated again and again for 4000 years - same as ancient egypt!
charlie, lol really?
lance, yes lol. as big as my ears are they often mistake producer drops lol
oh why! haha i'm excited!
go big or go home. its going to come in november so i can be thankful during thanksgiving lmao
ayyyeeeee congrats coach! you deserve it all
coach is doing his thing. he will see you in nola. keep up your grind
probably one of the main reasons we didn't use nibs back when i was at apple. cvs/svn hell on a team with a dozen devs.
appkit team did the right thing and jumped right to git; didn't bother bouncing off svn.
how do i kill myself ??? the faster way please i can't live with a runny nose and sick like that
the end saved me but i literally almost ran my ass to france
i just wanted to thank u again for everything. it's been a roller coaster ride of 4 years. i appreciate you &amp; all of
thanks for the tweet, brother... and enjoyed seeing your periscope while i ate lunch! strong dart game!
i'm sitting here looking at the same thing trying to decide if i really want to do this
i'm gonna wait til halloween. i want to walk in the store without a wait.
happy birthday (sw)eetheart!!!!!!! love you &amp; miss u sm hope you're having fun with the s'iahs!
thanks gram miss u dearly
sorry for the hassle! we've passed your comments to the team. mica
no hassle at all. i was just amused at the antiquity.
i remember clinton saying obama was not eligible to run. a big part of her campaign
that was sarcasm. not sure if you caught it.
i might have to check those out pronto
i got these
27 country conglomerate, effectively :-)
oops, i forgot about a certain island.....
difference being i respect your right to protest.. you people are too entitled. losers
you mean we work for a living?
time. read this and you could win a code for : the collection on xbox one. good luck.
rapture, it's more iconic. plus less chance of falling to my death.
plz ask why we need prop q when controller report shows city wastes $20m on 36 quality of life crimes already.
ty for writing in. put up for mina to ask but there's a good chance we'll run out time. but we'll try. -amanda
please follow the new public advocate account for all the latest from my office. i'll still be tweeting my thoughts here.
beauty grace rolek, my niece. envy-hacked by r.a.cohen prop. because of rent control apt.(threats)
some say posting screenshots of your own tweets to instagram is like smelling your own farts, but i contend its closer to the ol' cuppa soup
now what flavor we talking here? chicken, shrimp, beef?
shell considering creating ev charging station network in uk in 2017 via
why not in us?
wikileak said dems were calling hispanics "taco bowls" was kinda confirmed when hillary came out w/ "deplorables"
couldn't agree more. they always play to races during election, after winning they say :"bye bye" see u in four yrs
coach, you're my guy, you know this. but your statement regarding black unemployment is misleading.
come on d. white gop knows what's best for minorities! 18/2000 at the convention. know best, but no seat
. is in new paltz right now and i'm not there
but more bitter at all the millennials that are there right now and didn't vote but
where's the headphone jack? xp
i honestly haven't needed one in a long time!
tru tru. julien is too good
i've gotta see her live, i'm always watching her on youtube haha
never likes any photos of me on social media you're not a good friend
i know i'm not a good friend, i'm a great one
it's not too late for the media to fix its election coverage
true &amp; we must hold them accountable. they owe to all american citizens 2disseminate the facts &amp; expose the con!
50 cent- in da club real slappers
usher &amp; alicia keys - my boo
tweeting you're happy isn't always a cover up for being miserable. some ppl are actually happy i know it's hard to believe since ur so mad
nah mufuckers just hate to see u happy &amp; doing better
best part of this post is line: "you don't need to introduce a network boundary as an excuse to write better code"
last point should have been more like, "your so big nothing else appears to work"
breakfast service while we wait in line...
would you expect anything less.
listeners: according to 1 in 5 mothers regret their baby's name. do you regret your child's? tweet/call in: 212-433-9692.
i suggest you do nicknames as well. my mother's for me was schmendrick. (yiddish for jerk.) funny, huh? imagine!
test flights begin in october for uas equipped with ads-b and yet faa has said it will overload the system!
why the hell is ads-b still a thing
o rob jackson, where art thou?
a town 5 nights a week and about 100 lbs lighter
you know what? i'd be mad too.
thankfully i was just wasting time before i went home. but still. ugh.
gotta love how vodafone cable (at least in berlin) has sporadic routing issues to some ips for three days now and no resolution in sight...
i couldn't access a subset of aws from it for a month. shitty monopoly.
but some state courts have more lax standing requirements, so that doesn't mean the cases would have gone away.
what the defense bar wanted from has to do more w/ class certification.
that would have been great to see.
we were robbed of a real storyline for the winters on a whole.
in order to change we must be sick and tired of being sick and tired. - unknown
love this!! we have to want to change no matter how much it hurts...thanks for sharing!
what trump just did is a disgrace.
- no, you trying to make the 2016 election about "birtherism" is a disgrace!
can't wait to see these bad boys in action. there live now so go get em!
cute emojis
tune in today courtroom wild !!
enjoy seeing scotty in action! would love to see more of him. :)
great win last night!
you were elite yesterday, ive seen u jump atop file 4 drwr cabinets flat footed physical tools there now the skills takin off
capalino not taking qs from reporters:
on topic or off topic?
i would love that!
we could do a joint install or something
birtherism will not die until president obama admits he was born on krypton.
he would be solar powered. where is the coal fueled hero america needs?
this double will be the death of me
idk how ur doing that
okay bet. i'll give it a try. what's the name of it?
you tryna bulk up? if so i recommend serious mass by optimum nutrition.
my usual policy is no politics on the internet. this isn't politics, it's a referendum on evidence based reality.
a referendum on the value of millions of americans. a vote to give fascism a whirl.
with ticketmaster surcharges it would cost $50 to go see beach house *alone* in the very back rows of kings theater
with that money i could just buy more throw pillows and some wine and invite everyone over to listen to all the bh lps i own instead.
see you there
yeah i'll see you there
yeah, when you lock your phone too, every time you type something an emoji relevant to the word pops up
ahh idk about that but i mean it's convenient b/c i take dayzzzzz to find the emoji i need
i hope there's some vienna lager leftovers after the fest, that stuff is great!
agree on that. super enjoyed it.
selling fast! this deal wont least long.
to many deals, no news.
enter to win this essential &amp; colorful vremi cookware set today! this ends at midnight!
. love today's giveaway, fingers crossed
isn't that special. trump has grt8 love &amp; affection 4 all u haters &amp; losers born fuc*ed up
must be talking about his supporters.
it's not just error. it's ignorance, it's bad oversight, it's not giving a damn.
to your point. toni and eric's story
if you're looking around yoga class thinking, how will i ever do that? - you're not alone:
how about if your looking around &amp; thinking how will i ever do that, to know you don't have to!
what the defense bar wanted from has to do more w/ class certification.
the defense bar wanted to say that you need to take a look at each individual to see they have standing.
good and bad news for trump in the times/cbs news poll: voters see him as more transformative, but also riskier
"real change" as in disaster? no thanks!
i just spent 12 minutes listening to the illuminate previews
too excited
i've been preaching roi for the system net of debt.
yes of course. i was just expressing skepticism about r&amp;d.
you ever just "know" when you're about to connect with someone on some deep level? and all you feel is excitement? yea... that times 10
i was that excited 2 see my 1st @ staplec 9-9-01. been to every, since. some deep connection, mostly pure bliss
questions for trump: why did trump go to wnd's joseph farah and say, "what can we do to turn the tide?" (source: 's nyt piece.)
and what specific evidence was he referring to when he said his investigators in hawaii found stuff people "wouldn't believe?"
sent this to spox, to ask how he will fulfill promise to give $5m if assured pres. obama born in us
fahrenhold's 1 of 20 wapo picked to create false trump narratives...will he have job aft election?
i don't speak head injury. subtweeting makes you appear passive aggressive. move on, know when you're unwanted.
funniest comment ever.
let me know how worth it standing in line was when your phone crashes lol
are you talking about the new iphone? lol.
jesus. trump is now taking reporters "on a tour" of his hotel. this is real life?
- omg just had 2 lol, not at all surprised. he's an entertainer, sale's person, buffoon, prankster, con artist, &amp;vicious racist!
"i believe the best social program is a job" ~ ronald reagan donald trump understands this ... hillary doesn't
but they think welfare is a job!!
the bills should probably give sammy a week off. he doesn't look the same. also, compare the wr depth the jets have to the bills. not close
i understand the logic if you want to spend the gilmore $$ on someone else, but who? fa classes stink cause teams lock up guys
i remember clinton saying obama was not eligible to run. a big part of her campaign
that didn't happen. you have been punked.
a dog without a paw gets a hand
oh my goodness! cuteness overload! i god bless this sweet, little adorableness! thanks
. show us where hillary wants to rescind the 2nd amendment. give a specific quote.
i always ask for the facts and get the response that some "alt-right" (white supremacist) website said it.
the media is rightly upset trump wanted to use them to advertise his new hotel today. everyone knows he's not divesting if he wins, right?
divesting? is that the same as "doubling down" in the trump family?
this is the current version i made years ago. inspired by jacque fresco's model
i'm going to work ...i'll check when i get back, and retweet any other examples you put up..
hey nfl, take notes.
shut the fuck up.
nice dig at and me in the new yorker. we're the "intellectuals" yet our views are not? via
honored to be in same story w/ you, judy!
'twinks for trump' creator wants to "make art great again"
great idea! fight back!
i agree with you esk on the h2h rewards looking nice now, but eb is right when it comes to non spenders, especially solos
the game is trash for people that dont spend money, you have to play h2h and win to get coins or just play alot
cry me a river. you have a great sense of humor.
lol, kenn, i am so mad. many of my friends are jobless, those with a job are underpaid &amp; someone is talking birth place
stop the transfer don't give away call your representative, now
yep and the hilderbeast gets elected it will happen here
enjoy directing
your the bossman today .way to go
the fuck kinda hashtag is that . the davinci code
leave me alone it's for my science class
you can argue today was good for trump the hotelier but no one with any knowledge of politics can say this was good for his campaign
the problem is people deciding whether to vote for him have no knowledge of politics though &amp; enjoy him fucking w/ media
freddy needs to get a job then!
i don't think he likes that idea
president ended the birther conspiracy theory that sick hillary started. he's a closer!
he ended it with style!
singing some "stiches" by in glasgow!
love you guys!
with all the songs he steals at his rallies, why is everyone talking about trump's bmi, when we should be concerned with his ascap?
that's very subtle...
this is so exciting!!! what are everyone's favorite ?
all five of you thats my favorite one
they aid kids crossing the roads by schools . have no teeth lol
so a gum job was that too fresh
how'd you do this? &lt;3 you
dude. it took so. fucking. long.
you have to go see amelia's comment on this on my fb page. seriously: i think you were both commenting at the same time. :)
yeah, i also want this film now...
9 months with this beautiful girl i'm blessed
aww thank you angel wish i could see you today and give you a million kisses
welcome to the hellraiser puzzlebox that is ios development.
i just want to make a crappy sticker pack lmao
how much flak did you guys get for that?
none at the time. it was so "before its time" no one knew what to make of it. gets more press now than then!
please follow the new public advocate account for all the latest from my office. i'll still be tweeting my thoughts here.
max beer, (dear friend) met w death threats by hired domestic extremist hackers. fled to nepal.
it's frightening to realize that this guy founded the national review, and that it wasn't a recent fringe tcot creation.
yes! also, beside the point, what the hell was he doing with his hands?
loved this show so much. when i was a teen i wanted to marry , my sister wanted to marry
the thursday night line up was classic, martin, living single, new york undercover,
president obama has "no reaction" to trump's birther switch and is "shocked-well not that shocked that a question like that would come up."
- pbo is intelligent not a fool!
fat stone golem go boom!
awesome, i love the eyes and the sense of weight you get from the animation!
reid fires back at trump for mocking the accident that partially blinded him:
i guess reid still is sensitive about his accident-perhaps he shouldn't throw stones-he sounds jealous
half my team was already out sick the last few days anyway :/
there's a developer flu been going around nyc too
time to get off of twitter until i get home because apparently people feel the need to summarize generations and post screenshots
like seriously do people not have decency
purchased preferred aisle seat. virgin changed to window. told "if we take you out of preferred, you will get middle". seriously.
purchased preferred aisle seat. virgin changed to window. told "if we take you out of preferred, you will get middle". ?
i'm so upset i missed it. i've never seen a movie from before 1994 and was excited to expand my horizons.
anthology next month bruh
it's hilarious how in their heads he is. every time they ask for apology gets a million more votes
and the all gets 10ft taller
pokemongo had the shelf life of a vine star.
of a vine video *
isn't it scary that the mainstream media aren't picking this up???
what's scarier is that the main street media purposely won't pick this story up.
dude. it took so. fucking. long.
just kidding. there's an app for everything. (glitchr)
i would love that!
i'm all packed up just wondering what i'm going to be guided to do next. just a vague idea is all i have of what will be.
it's a great job, working here in the shop and wondering which cider/perry from which producer to try next with visitors.
save some good ones. i'll be there soon!
prediction: johnson &amp; stein combined will outpoll hillary in at least two states.
thank you gary johnson
after birther reversal, unloads on trump as "liar," "fraud" | getty
trump-the-schlocksucker. he is a liar, fraud...and ridiculously cocky!
dems want bernie to replace clinton if she drops out for health reasons
i didn't vote for bernie but, assuming she does that and dnc follows party rules, i'd be fine w/ that as would other dems
is arochi in the courtroom?
yes, he's been here the whole time.
anthology next month bruh
also the pirate at 4:30
i will! wow! that's exciting! good luck!
brook, we sent 30 cross and30 plaques from factory, please call 702/ 884/7140we need to know,i got your than u letter.
the enstars facebook is good for getting content but the admins are so obviously anti-eichi and i dislike reading their posts lol
oh man are they really ew
i'm 100% sure you've token the law before. dumb fuck.
nope. never been arrested, never even had a moving violation.
trying to submit for an apple developer's license but getting 'an unknown error occurred' message page... apple, let me give you my money
this tweet tagged me in nyc? what is happening????
in line to get a matte black 128gb iphone 7.
woo! enjoy. (seems like there's plenty of these ones all over the place.)
didn't backbone basically do...not much? i remember it giving some basic hooks &amp; making u do ur own dom updates
yeah, it's more or less just a router and custom event lib
can't wait to see everyone there!
how was the walk
as california fire danger grows, some homeowners are seeing coverage dropped
wow. this is so messed up.
someone w a hetalia china rp account on instagram commented on one of my pics w racist ass engrish
fuckin blocked their ass but still like ???????????? get off the internet and feel bad for being disgusting
hope everyone is enjoying our new season! thanks for watching!
omg, yesss. love this show, hoping you come to nyc soon
i've said it before- girardi was on auto-pilot managing mo, soriano, miller, chapman. now his flaws are exposed. lineups big issue too.
yea but betances has to shut the door. i cant believe theyre this close to a wild card. if they make it, coach of the year
woke up to this amazing delightful discovery! the superstar is following his ak usa fan club! thank you so much for the honor.
you must be doing something right for him to follow you
what's wrong with you. bioshock is still great.
leave this place.
a cool feature of my personality is that i'm constantly terrified that i might have a flesh eating disease
i'm like.... rele cute ha ha
he's so incredibly lame. i get that the tonight show's audience really likes milquetoast crap but tv shouldn't serve it up
there plenty of milquetoast crap to watch w/o furthering an actually dangerous narrative. rewatch lawrence welk, jfc people.
sorry to keep you waiting. we will deliver as soon as we are in your area. ^mh
no problem! it's not delayed :)
all fair points to my hyperbole, it's just been increasingly hard not to see fact-checking trump as futile
i agree with that. i don't think you can counter him with facts. at least not in print. curious about debates
you mean the way campaign illegally solicited donors from overseas, multiple times?
give us a break. ur queen takes millions from oppressive regimes that kills women &amp; gays. sold national security
and let's be clear on who is what class here:
self employed small busn owners r from where the intelligentsia rises.all that's left is seizing the means of production&amp;distrb!
next week trump will hold a press conference to distance himself from his rafael cruz/lee harvey oswald conspiracies.
so dumb! how about you sit face to face with laura and monica and go through conservative values one by one? you cant
girl gives blowjob to denny's waiter as the tip
sorry, but i'd rather skip a meal...
people fuck with me cause i mind my fucking business.
ppl also don't brag about minding their business
reckless, ridiculous economic exaggerations from fake he's deranged &amp; mentally stupid. inspired by relic
interesting to me that you &amp; others resort to personal attacks/name-calling. not shred of policy analysis.
don't put your order number online!
lol thanks! just got really excited!
alr7 no suck as it'll show potential objections u will have to overcome in the offer you're making to them
alr7cont both change the wording to "significant other" instead of spouse in the question
lol i burnt like a lot of my right eyelashes
so you'll see me in sunglasses for a lil while
letterman would've done a better job but there are thousands of people more worthy of your contempt than jimmy fallon
i will never watch him again. he is an utter disgrace
girardi's getting very close to torre's tenure length with far less success. would be wise to consider a new voice.
nooo way dude! torre so overrated. closed his eyes and could point to daryl or boggs or any hall of famer
found a true recipe in my community cookbook last night:
sheer horror
syracuse and acc schools are tasked with developing leaders. so why were they such followers when it came to hb2?
excellent job on this chris
it's my birthday! all i ask is lots of misha spam
sorry it was late.
shut the fuck up you moron... breaking the law is death penalty? then you should be dead
reaching for a gun when the cops are trying to apprehend you can and will get you killed. pull your head out of your ass.
anyway im dling ensemble stars pray for m
please save yourself rio
internet explodes with disgust after trump uses birther spectacle to shill for his hotel
and exploits gold star mothers &amp; moh winners to back him up.
(for context, i've been an adjunct since 2009, teaching with an ma means that's pretty much how it's going to stay!)
grad school did a fantastic job of beating my love of academia out of me
no, they don't. i'm sorry if you don't understand why. re-read my statements. ask any radiologist if i'm right.
facts don't lie. doc knows.
is pharrell there?
lol no , they looking for someone else. wya ?
michelle obama's definatly racist things she says.remember all this for a stupid flag.she hates us
yes, cant stand her
well girl ima tell you: she swallows that shit whole
yeah and then she slaps her belly like ok lmao
self employed small busn owners r from where the intelligentsia rises.all that's left is seizing the means of production&amp;distrb!
off w/their fuckin heads at this point
please follow the new public advocate account for all the latest from my office. i'll still be tweeting my thoughts here.
max beer's disabled korean wife possibly murdered. missing person due to association w 5 spring st bldg.
sent this to spox, to ask how he will fulfill promise to give $5m if assured pres. obama born in us
so ? pay up.
sooooo how many days until the 2016-17 starts
i'm really excited on how some of these teams look this season. just hope the all-star caliber players can stay healthy
yes! also, beside the point, what the hell was he doing with his hands?
like... this moment. what a slimeball.
seriously! fuck me blind might be my favorite turnstile song
right! it's so fucking good! i dig it so hard it's awesome as fuck
this is the second woman to be attacked in the area in the past week, according to accounts on social media
i'm not crazy i'm just a little unwell i know right now you can't tell but stay awhile and ma-----------------------------------
so the wealth held by the 1% is a failure by . good of you to say.
so god said screw over the poor so ye will excel &amp; btw, it's ok to beat your slaves with a stick.
have a go, st. john's fans! st. john's assistant taking questions.
is it me or do sima/yakwe look like they're gonna be an amazing front line? kid added 15lbs
the apple iphone pick-up process is such a mess!
we used to have it down to a science. what's messed up?
reaganomics (which produced best post-wwii econ growth of any admin) part ii, built by .
thank you, ted.
working on the afternoon updates.
drought denting rains sun/mon in nw nj?
it doesn't make sense that it would though. they look like earbuds w/o wires. glasses looked just plain weird.
if they make one that doesn't look like they the wire, i'm sure it'll be better received
if i ever said anything disrespectful or negative to you like this tweet. should get 0 likes tbh.
you called me a snake once and i'm scarred for life.
maybe she meant jim harbaugh but someone put mora's name in there as a joke.
lol - loyal to ucla. to a fault!!!
flashback: hillary clinton, not trump, started the 'birther' movement against president obama
the msm is so up ass they refuse to acknowledge it.
i actually thought you were in new york.
i wish i'm stuck in the swampland
he would be solar powered. where is the coal fueled hero america needs?
"rejuvenated by the mother's milk of compacted carbon..."
would you expect anything less.
i would expect a more craft/local granola bar
of course you are
thank you for the response. i have my fingers crossed
and it is that will fix all what you just mentioned. you must be having a laugh.
for now, he has the inclination and msg to fix it. hillary has been there for 30 +yrs, no results as powel said
. "i want to see more money go to people"
more cash in people's pockets and less in government coffers! that's capitalism!
tried playing with today. don't think i'll be able to get into it. too slow/boring. fifa fans, why do you love it?
you have to know the game to really be into.
my first maxless spx too this is very "last season of scrubs"
i'll be back next year!
the other machines say la marzocco
and triplette
problem is corporations don't actually function in a free market. but i'm done here - feel free to side with cumulus.
you said succinctly what i was trying to say. i'm a scientist and i live in a fantasy world.
lmao you'll never guess what happened .... my screen froze when i was tryna order it
yooo! i really lol'd
turn to . i'm about to go on and talk trump and birtherism. this is about to be fire.
"bring it roland!"
thought you would enjoy this.
ha! i love it! need mine right now...
why on earth would anyone question obama's place of birth when michelle called kenya his home country?
: out of the horse's mouth, obama was born in kenya.
of which he was probably saving for breakfast. forgive me. it was delicious.
i have been thinking for a long time about what a sweet, cold burrito would look like. choco taco??viennetta??
i feel bad..i ordered a keurig for my dad's office and now it's becoming a fiasco cause we need a plumber to connect the water line.
its the thought that counts though :)
i don't anymore i am retired. living of my savings,investment. not collecting ss.
good for you! im not there yet
jocking around
your ass in a jock is sublime!
when trump tries to deflect blame for denying that was born in america, he is lying.
drag himmmm
look what i found sisters come join
is that my copy
would you agree?
of course. right off the bat, most echo owners are already prime members and prime members spend more
thank you, i should be there. 7 mins! :)
on fri 9/16 at 11am pst. rsvp now play-doh playset
when you lose an earbud for your headphones
forgot how loud nyc is...
my dispatch from the trump ballroom
wait - he replaced one lie with another, and then slipped in some unrelated lies. incorrigible
that thing he said about them... i don't think that is actually a thing.
it definitely is not
got my tix for brooklyn!
see you there!
is that you in the gif? the perfect picture of a drumpf supporter.
awww......did that one hit too close to home?? sorry about poor old sickly hillary.
that thing he said about them... i don't think that is actually a thing.
it never has been
now that's funny....hillary water carrier calling a liar. my oh my, where is her head?
julie your are most adept with your career knowledge, must you shadow it with your lack of courtesy?
are you here ?
r u serious! lol! gallstones attacking brain!
trump began by saying hillary started the birther issue and he finished it. she never personally questioned obama's birthplace
yes she did
thought making an iphone 7 appt. meant i could walk in. i was wrong! currently being publicly shamed outside the meatpacking district store.
maybe i'll pass the time by starting a tumblr of people gawking at the idiots in line as they walk by.
the replies to this video are full of excuses for the officers, but if white college boys were subject to this...
don't know what happened here, but i feel immediately concerned 4this young man. from standing 2 mounted
tried playing with today. don't think i'll be able to get into it. too slow/boring. fifa fans, why do you love it?
yeah it's the kind of game where if you have knowledge in the sport already, it's fun.
at silverstone this weekend to support .
aww martin, was hoping you were going to be my pace-car driver of choice best wishes &amp; miss you!
ny times op-ed brands missouri the 'shoot-me state' over new gun law
there you go, the ny times trying to make other states just like they are
starting a company is scary; with hindsight benefit of 6 months in the hot seat, i can say it's been the best 6 months of my career
you never get out of the hot seat. still love it though
with so many remakes and remasters this year, we ask: what game would you like to see updated for today?
shadow of the colossus
aw y'all were so cute... what happened ? hehe
shut yo bitch ass up
18 months into this cable networks are still letting trump hijack them for free airtime -- ad time -- by promising a "major announcement'
has manipulated the media &amp; has succeeded in taking the oxygen from the room with more bs than ever!
i'm considering running away and joining the circus, thoughts?
bring your daughter. everyone loves a mother-daughter acrobatic team.
i would love that!
am i going to minnesota?
need this asap.
ima need that pic tho.
sounds live feels live // new orleans // 16.09.16
look what i made
between this and bridget jones i'm....underwhelmed
i cracked up when i read why hugh grant wasn't going to return to bridget jones. let it go folks.
good evening from naples.
that's a weird-looking pizza
can i get a hoodie fam ?? like yu need my address or some
i been waiting on my a tech hoodie for about 3 years now b
clitoris? i've never heard of that pokemon.
it's the big red dog lol. rt ": clitoris? i've never heard of that pokemon."
this about to be a hit
what's this called?
magical growth through supply side economics not only didn't work in 2008, the math just doesn't add up
didn't work because never used. jfk/reagan model of lower tax-rates &amp; kingdollar would yield 4-5% growth.
nbd, able-bodied riders who won't give your seat to a giant preggo. i'll just stand riiiiight next to your head and pray i go into labor.
new york my hometown has some classless folks in it,, subways not excluded i try my best not to ride them if possible
thanks. how is your friday?
awesome, thanks for asking, and yours?
this is so heartbreaking. schools across the country need to be more proactive in stopping bullying.
no 9 year old child should be pushed to the point that he feels his only escape is taking his own life.
i love my new mixtape so much.
when you dropping it
i wonder if these emojis are tired today ? i think i was the only person who didnt go to concert last night
reese this tour nailed it
fundamentals have improved no question...but feel free to address thank-you cards to .
think a rate hike is coming??
isn't it 'check this out'
it could definitely be that, but i meant it like "check out this (muscle)"
heartburn for . he's nvr giving money to charity, nvr follows through on his promises
this trumpophobic disorder is getting real. cvs &amp; walgreen are selling trumpaquine xtra now, go get one
trump putting out policy proposals to help working families and move the country forward. hillary dragging us into the past.
maybe hillary is trying to deflect from her "timely" appearance in the october issue of women's health.
a really good cheese board can make your night, don't you think? i like bold and salty favors like chorizo,...
chorizo ?cheese?
a lot lmao especially if you're in cali you might meet that one guy of your dreams that is rich and you're gonna fall for him
i'm not staying in cali i'm moving to houston. and na i'm good. i don't wanna be a player but that's the way it's gon be
winners randomly selected from rsvps. ad find complete rules here:
stress attack! i am playing under the radar! the bullies cant see me now
is this a joke?
wish it were. from trump's publicity-stunt, hotel-pitching, media-fooling event today.
i will be there if i have $. also i will miss the 2pm pirate today cause i had to deal with stuff.
i actually might go again haha
i so wanna believe this is turning point. but won't til i see much more evidence
they're only pissed because their producer couldn't go. if trump had let him, they would have caved. pathetic
of the day: are you team iphone or team android?
can't afford . on disability
wear that outfit !!!! it's the city everyone is gonna be in skirts and dresses !
but the way how bae might kill me
hi bill wishing you &amp; all, the best.
thanks, have a great weekend!
we'll get it to you as soon as we can! it'll be worth the wait! *biancam
still doesn't fix my situation bianca. when being told it would ship out today
the issue is hillary's campaign started it..
that is completely false get educated. is that why she was obama's sos?
but the unlimited towing is money...
my mitsubishi came with roadside assistance
trump: the sky is not blue. media: is it blue? trump: tell you tomorrow. *hourlong full coverage* trump: it's blue. media: dammit!
yea if tomorrow = 8 years
looks like niko will miss oct 12 match vs houston since he got called to la celeste for wc qualifier
i would say one game is the right estimate.. other thing would be his condition coming back
her campaign did not start it. you're wrong. some of her supporters did but nor clinton or her campaign did. do ur research.
plus it was all internal no tv or press in on it,
wouldn't he be going back to drop her off?
that has been suggested, because something went wrong &amp; she didn't want to stay in the car.
donald 'solved' birtherism the way lance armstrong solved doping in cycling.
it was hard to do that without making a hitler analogy.
i admire those who play the long game to get back at their rivals.
this is incredible
lol, might as well party!!
sure spread the syrup
12 pm. . joining , , and .
lets talk about hrc deplorable insult,or destroying e-mail&amp; phone after court said 2 surrender them. or her sick act on 9-11
war draft dodging "bone spur" who insults prisoners of war - now being praised and endorsed by veterans. i'm confused.
has anyone fact checked with the "veterans"? trump says so many things that are in-true
what trump just did is a disgrace.
u need to do the same w/emails "doj exonerated me. end of story. now let's get back to smashing trump"
intelligentsia is complicated too though. like once upon a time i'd say a professor was intelligentsia. but now we have adjuncts.
professors that are teaching mankiw in harvard 101 econ are no "professors" they are bankster's toady's in drag
whaaaat i pay almost all our bills with checks!
like actual paper checks? with a time machine?
ok, enough times bashing from me. this is really great.
yea, except the lede on the ny times page says "he finally surrendered to reality." not what happened.
there's like 8 million charas kowai
and there's a good chance you'll get attached to at least five
embarrassed for the conservatives/gopers celebrating trump's birther con because it was good politics. the truth still matters.
your mind is full of elite guilt. no one gives a hoot about share obama was born. he himself doesn't have his original certif
i feel like they're making us arbitrarily wait so they can give us a personalized experience that not everyone wants.
ah, i see. yeah, i understand that can be frustrating. "look i know what i'm doing, just hand over the phone, thanks!" :)
it's such a fine line because i agree- i feel like he's cost them wins, but if they make it he's obvi manager of the year
either way the future is bright for the 1st time in a long time. now go sign top line starters 2compliment the young lineup
i don't think you should self-censor because of security concerns; just get better at securing your conversations
agreed better way to look at it. i was referencing how the acted like the person isn't accountable in any equation.
lunch meat gets a new role model: your uber driver.
warming up the gas chambers...
how the fuck long do you think it takes to make a pb&amp;j?
you have obviously never been a working mother of 4 my mom did this
no idea if you're "deplorable," but you're certainly a "moron."
quotes around "moron" were not necessary.
why does everybody think that there are two jadas. this is o embarrassing. people think i talk to myself
wait then who is woahnapkins
thank you!!! at this point i think either is perfect, as long as it's healthy
i agree let twitter know when you find out
f a l l t o u r supporting w/ headlining slc, kansa city (mo), chicago, austin and fir...
heads up, berkeley is spelled wrong on the poster
i have a dream that one day in 2017 people will strive to work harder to achieve their dream goals instead of tweet about their insecurities
don't bitch about not seeing any dreadlocked black models in the marc jacobs show, work hard and be that girl.
dear fellow deplorable... what am i missing? silly q. what is ctr? i'm only coming up with click through rate :)
correct the record - their biggest client now,by orders magnitude,is hrc.last check,she was spending $6m w/them for sm pr
important news for you: pride goeth before the fall.
. watch your step then.
the memory of "burritos!!!" is just stronger.
frightening... dear customers: denial is not a river in egypt ;^}
"trump is right: clinton's child-care plan doesn't exist"
wow of all people to defend trump. wow
glad you were in class today
it was great to be there. see you at 3
nobody with an iq above 40 believes this. trump ran a racist charade for years.
: you are full of dung. just ask his family in kenya, listen to his own video recorded admittances.
why is watching some white folks dance the worst and most awkward feeling imaginable
because reasons.
drinkss and food!!
definitely check out cedars! their lounge has a fabulous selection of cocktails &amp; craft beer plus delicious food
both of those have been debunked. hrc is getting deeper into trouble with fbi, foundation, health, seemingly endless scandals.
debunked =you his believe lies, no one else does. .&amp; trump's foundation is in a lot more trouble.
never fear, devoted readers: will be back writing a column.
jeff was at ct long before i started reviewing there in 2008, and in fact got me intro'd there in the first place. you're in good hands!
the issue is hillary's campaign started it..
mr. dane... you can't fix stupid ignorance from one's that are the same as racist trump.
dear fellow deplorable... what am i missing? silly q. what is ctr? i'm only coming up with click through rate :)
ctr usually leave positive yelp reviews or counter a couple of bad interviews-sometimes w/fact in face of slander
when was he a good impressionist? certainly not on snl...
yeah he started on snl doing very good impressions but intentionally moved away from that to stand out more
rebecca sugar is going to be at nycc. time to officially fffrrrreeeeeakkkkk out
may i ask the source of info? she's a huge fave of my niece and didn't seem like she was doing 2016. thnx in advance
thank you my dear friend! sending you wishes for a wonderful weekend!
so much my pleasure, sweet friend! thank you for the wishes and a gorgeous weekend to you, too! love.xoxo
in honor of i wanna talk about ! gotta love their rockin' good time!
thank you clarence ! you rock :)
i've been working hard today... still so much to do this has to be my most labor intensive project to date.
hope we can shoot!
reporters: if you don't start getting furiously angry when lies to your face and plays you for fools, it means u have no self-respect
this is still a question? been settled and no.
moms have big jobs - we take care of everyone! which is why it's important to make ourselves a priority, too.
plenty of moms have big jobs but family comes first.
oh my gooodd. i could not stand to be friends with a person like keith gore. couldn't. do. it.
he appears to be doing his job, which is to give the defendant counsel
twitter handle:
trouble is none of trump's supporters can afford night in the hitler suite.
we // mac miller go listen to that shit
is his tape good?
what's the best way to send feedback about changes in beta? i don't like the longer method for getting notifications from an account
we needed a way to introduce more notifications options. so adding an extra step was necessary i think. what would you propose?
my mutuals: i'm so happy i made this original funny tweet and it wasn't stolen me and :
what do i type in google to find this gif
these are campus officers and this is a problem . this is police brutality. on our campus
don't know what happened here, but i feel immediately concerned 4 this young man. from standing 2 mounted
obama: "i was pretty confident about where i was born. i think most people were as well."
was born in indonesia or kenya?&gt;cause when started it in 2008.. she said both &gt;not
no that's actually bill and hillary dressed up as a black woman
you are on tilt. ....good luck hope your life turns around, trump won't help it, he only helps himself.
reporters here at hotel shouting questions as trump delivers one paragraph on birtherism
not a paragraph just two short sentences!!
evolution of twitter. (via ) $twtr
this is the best was a game changer last-night. $aapl was smart they could $twtr
give me my 45 seconds back . smh
gawd kill me now
(2/2) the facts are clear: our nation's economy is getting stronger.
you are so out of touch with the people
after trump non-ambiguously says obama born in usa, press essentially vows to chase trump to gates of hell over birther issue.
he says this after 5 years of pushing this and you don't think there are relevant follow up questions?
why do the republicans keep apologizing on the so called "birther" issue? no more apologies--take the offensive!
i think the reason to apologize for years of lies is pretty obvious
q1: give us a brief introduction about you. what do you do?
do i have to use your @ handle when replying? or just the hashtag?
pixie lott suffers a beauty faux pas as she sports messy eyeliner and lipstick on her teeth
the article has achieved what it set out to do
temple on saturday, cincinnati on sunday...
temple does not approve of your visit
i admire your optimism kid there might not be an spx next year or an america
i'll be with the zine boys pursuing the last peanuts hardcover out in the irradiated wastes
when its iphone day and yours isn't coming that day!
wait you aren't in line right now??
dear fellow deplorable... what am i missing? silly q. what is ctr? i'm only coming up with click through rate :)
sometimes,ctr counters bad reviews w/positive fake ones created by their minions,to whom they pay $10/hr
sometimes the return to routines means we get back to eating at home more &amp; have time to exercise regularly.
lol! routines of twitter moms! what comes 1st? your kid crying or a twitter party?
i cant believe kim and sin bought add space foe the yaoicon program and took a photo not at their table, but mine
we got our own page nice
whatever, corey feldman is just jared leto before the corporate rebrand
he's sober now right ?
i'd be curious for katrina's interpretation. would you mind elaborating ?
katrina pierson about to elaborate....
if trump is that overweight wouldn't he be a diabetic?
i am sure that it is a matter of time. he's a ticking timebomb.
i just realized that there is a in chicago. if i wasn't already looking forward to my trip next week, i certainly am now!!!
we actually have 3 locations in chicago! visit our website to see which location is most convenient for you.
dish technician just left! all fixed and just in time for soapies!
life is beautiful again!
garages with 100+ cars are supposed to offer bike parking in nyc. i emailed one big company for rates: $200/month.
better laws might help. our office has caged bike parking, badge controlled, a pump and tools, and guest parking for 100 bikes.
i can't find a shade for me that isn't ratchet. maybe i should give up
never give up! come to ny, we'll go wig shopping @ my wig shops lol
nights like last night and the usoc is usually the sw's time to go off and learn their own chants. fine. but convey that better to nonsw
curious, what difference would that make?
me hoe because i love you that much
are you really the more aggressive friend? do i need to remind you about wednesday
i'm excited to see the changes. we don't have all the details yet, but so far, so good! i hope it brings new people
want to come and check it out?
this is in correlation to your discussion with selena's mac collection- i found out that only special consumers get the white roses!
oh what?! so like celebrities? haha
haha better vote for me on the dj mag
*new entry* ta0 ! haha
watching the alt right crowd trying to rewrite history like...
watching the left try and deflect from sickly and corrupt old hillary...
oscar de la hoya says "little" kell brook was hurting ggg, do you agree?: via
oscar just trollin ggg
: you are full of dung. just ask his family in kenya, listen to his own video recorded admittances.
so were romney and mccain too stupid to figure this out?
i saw that last night. . has talent! beautiful moment to share. ty to . for bringing it to us!
my friends + i recorded him in subway a few years ago when they were visiting me from wa-spinetingling
packs ds charger, forgets ds the great american travel disaster
reading this made me double check i had my ds in my carry on lile 5 times just now...and my flight isn't for another 8 hrs
q1 with kids back in school, what are you doing to focus on your health &amp; wellbeing?
a1 preparing for work healthy!
3/1 on it being pengy
thought he only poos off the motorway.
can't wait to make my own short film at my internship !! i need tk come up w a premise assp !!
paid film internship thank you lord
today 3 different people told me they were obsessed w this "new rapper vince staples"... and i just... ... ... i...... i'm transferring
yes transfer back home pls
people who don't know started w hill are same ones who dont believe clintons are dirtiest pols ever. trust us, they are that bad
ok, i'm tired of this argument. even if she did start it, he's not a child. he's capable of making his own decisions,right
please follow the new public advocate account for all the latest from my office. i'll still be tweeting my thoughts here.
almost a dozen friends threatened and died. u.s. service men targeted.due to intel hacking, in my pc may contribute to murders.
trying to lay off snark but just connected with doc who paid $3k+ to . think was little miffed to find free for clinicians
check out my response to you on facebook.
no that's actually bill and hillary dressed up as a black woman
about the same time trump paid a settlements for discriminating against blacks.
well yeah, there's the whole "normalizing a racist, misogynist sociopath who would start a nuclear war" thing. that's bad
yep. but sadly, that's just par for the media course these last 18 months.
what trump just did is a disgrace.
swing and a miss there -h. you and the squad out of ideas? try listing accomplishments, never mind.
wait what time
i'll prob get there around 1130/12ish?
bitch yo "hair" look like trap house carpet dont come for cuhz like that
ya cuzz is a full blown bitch, and you are too my nigga. tell that nigga to get a muhfuckin closet you mark ass bitch.
i hope you'll join me for my fall book tour! visit for tickets and more information!
they sold out too quick! make more available!
i spent 20 just on my career and i'm at a 79. plus with animations shoes etc you need like 100k
but that was because you wanted a head start lol, you can't buy yourself to 99 you gotta grind
did stock pickers get overfocused on macroeconomics and the fed etc, and therefore too risk averse in the period?
good thesis...
(4/4) i firmly believe that investing in job creation and ensuring equal pay for equal work will only add to the improving economic outlook.
dianne your data is scurf to make mother gov look good
it's hilarious how in their heads he is. every time they ask for apology gets a million more votes
and the wall gets 10ft taller
i can't tell you how my heart swells at all this fantastic press for and . actually, i can...
big things are coming.
. admits that was started by herself and her nig nog minions
lol. that clip completely contradicts your claim. wow....
new: trump's event started hour late. why? for part, he was huddled with bannon, bossie, eric, etc asking advice on obama birth remarks.
donald was asking eric for advice?
i do not think that it can be generalized. low-$ but also small portions.
kids portions in places i've visited recently are ~2/3 of adult, but cheap foods (pasta, grilled cheese, fries)
dear fellow deplorable... what am i missing? silly q. what is ctr? i'm only coming up with click through rate :)
so, usually, the $10/hr. minions hold several accounts,different avi's, etc. and in this case,post positives abt hillary
love this!! where my bf at tho?? i look like a fifth wheel!!
5th wheel is the stabilizer of the foundation duh!
do they actually taste like cheetos?
they're alot like the original ones. it lacks the cheeto taste as it's fried away.
thank you! is there a certain dish that defines the brunch experience for you?
- your caviar station, simply unparalleled, as i discussed in my article: -
why do they even need to be frozen?
you freeze so they last for months, grab one n throw it in your kids brown bag every day and it thaws by lunch
the fix: today a new low for journalism but for trump, he was the ringmaster at the circus. "it was peak trump."
. trump's birther circus.
found the water tower!
and how many were there?
no, jimmy fallon, donald trump isn't a laughing matter | steven thrasher
bs-what about hillary clintons ? i am surprised at you-the democrats have taken advantage of the blacks 4 years
busy! so busy with the kids in school. :) how about you? ad
r u hiding!
why do they even need to be frozen?
i agree we don't need a tutorial on it tho
of puke? high.
. cannoli count... i say over 5 if they're full size, under 10 if you go mini
i was dying
tom going to a bizarre thing and talking about it is my favorite best show thing these days
1. didn't say you didn't. 2. "major problem" 3. "go meet your supporters pcon"
2 is a major problem. but i think pcon is a good person who is just misguided sometimes. 3 is a fact.
wasn't that the most hilarious dinner ever! we just got a lamp at our coffee table in glasgow haha
extinguish it hahaah have the best time!
hey do me a favor and leave us ( ) alone!!!
us. . it is just us. (cc: )
happy birthday i hope you have a beautiful day love
thank you
we may never know the trials they endured, but we salute &amp; honor america's heroes.
herr cheetonazi trumpenfuhrer does not like. nein, nein, he likes heroes who weren't captured. (his words)
can my iphone just get here already
you getting the 7 or just a replacement of your previous phone
me: "yo wya" : "just pullin up to my job" me: "fuck that come thru w| some backwoods" : "iigh bet"
lmfao can't stand y'all
as i predicted this morning on : a brief reference, sweeping it away, on w business that matters.
very true-i heard it. hope fbn or fox gives good role on election night. your takes r refreshing
maybe the reason truth is becoming irrelevant in politics is because the truth is that politicians are losing their power.
. these are the two best ways to steal an election: either you control the identity registry (sybil attack) or generate gossip.
professor: textbook is mandatory me: bet
entering week 4 and google has worked just fine thank you very much
i need to know why
who knows. it's kind of a chicken-and-egg thing.
are you still going to be reviewing films w/ that ct lens anywhere specifically? obv dig all of your reviews, everywhere, but..
what do you see as the ct lens?
on the outside??
there was cheeto crumbs on the outside. good, but now what i expected.
everything about this is why i do the work i do.
for our children. for their happiness.
it's huge! it's historic! it's the return of the nfl to la in just 2 days-set your dvr for a preview. 10:30pm fox 11 la.
what time is the game at? i don't want to miss it. lol
that's the foreplay. at least to me idk
i'm crying
use in your reply/rts thank you!
happy weekend sweety may it be blessed one
i was just thinking this title would appeal to his ego and pull him back in to double down.
he will absolutely step in it &amp; reveal that he's still a birther soon. probably before the end of the weekend. maybe end of day?
congratulations to our second pre-party winner ! please dm us your email address!
woot!! woot!
the world series shows the anthem. the olympics. stanley cup. nba championship and so forth. i'm not just talking about the nfl
yeah, the nationally televised big events, now they are showing during every game. coincidence??? nope.
2 is a major problem. but i think pcon is a good person who is just misguided sometimes. 3 is a fact.
3 is an honest, sincere appeal to see who you're surrounded by and reconsider standing with them.
kids portions in places i've visited recently are ~2/3 of adult, but cheap foods (pasta, grilled cheese, fries)
ppl then think "why can't they have kid menu, my kid doesn't eat much" forgetting overhead/labor considerations
q1: give us a brief introduction about you. what do you do?
'm a product person that makes teams move faster. i have open office hours for startups:
i have more clothes to sleep in than i have to go out in if you're wondering what takes priority in my life.
i can be a great onesie if you want.
what do you think of 's video for "some may fall asleep"?
thanks again!!
no hillary , you owe us apologies, trillions of dollars of our tax money. we could all be living much better lives if it was spent on us.
i 2nd that motion!
headphones or floss?
tooth brush head
i feel bad for him he's just a guy doing what he loves, even tho he sucks at it:(
nah i definitely don't see it that way. he's someone with a shit ton of money trying to come up on a new "hobby"
a lot of you asking about the presale codes you purchased a while ago.... i'll have some info for you today! thank you for your patience
will there be a separate pre sale for vip packages ? like m&amp;g and such?
i wanna be in the crowd on family feud so i can yell at that dumbass family that says, "good answer" when it was the worst answer ever.
i scream at the tv " nice answer stupid !!!" lol
truckee: refined dining in a rustic town via . great article about our amazing town.
. a foodie tweet. looking forward to at trokay on a day, wearing warm boots &amp; drinking something yummy
you mean he lied again, making up unfounded accusations, after attacking our first black president.
:hilarity started the accusation, &amp; obama admitted it was correct 2 foreign audiences. check it out
getaway for fall! extended stay hotels is offering up to 30% off with , + for every key dropped in the ca...
each hotel has big rooms with kitchens, b/fast, wifi, laundry, pet-friendly
5) in the inmortal words of you. "what do you have to lose ?"
he has everything to lose
birthday bash for clinton cash
we celebrate 's birthday, you people celebrate hitler and putin's.
.....my boss just left (finally &amp; thank god!)....before he left he came to check up on me and i was like
he normally leaves around 11am-noon but i asked him to leave so i can just chill the rest of the day
q2: let's get into it. tell us in a nutshell what your concept of circle is about.
lean startup circle is the community group around . i volunteer there.
just met with the governor of the province of ilias to discuss the damages at
.....and???
anyone want to go to country rose? i'll pick you up
i wish i would have seen this earlier
the world series shows the anthem. the olympics. stanley cup. nba championship and so forth. i'm not just talking about the nfl
they generally also only televise the anthem in the opening game.
~sat sept 17~
in 2017 i want a tank on governors island. and horses too
heard there might be some changes at obd. not sure who though...just heard there may be change in the front office
spil the beans!!!
if hillary is such a great champion of women, why did she stay married to a rapist??
y did hillary call mrs.smith a liar,when she let son die
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
trump ...greatest bamboozler and liar ever...pt barnum of the 21st century!
ppl then think "why can't they have kid menu, my kid doesn't eat much" forgetting overhead/labor considerations
i'm guessing that most non-chain restaurants don't even want the customers sensitive to kids menu offer.
whole family has acid reflux issues. i've now reached the point where i get it too
ugh...can't you just take an antacid every day and be done with it? or is it really bad, bud?
q2: let's get into it. tell us in a nutshell what your concept of circle is about.
is 3 simple principles: 1) ignorance 2) perspective 3) build-measure-learn
the fact that the new york times thinks this deserves a news alert is pathetic. period.
the article called him a "liar" 4x.
i should wait too but i'm gonna try my luck today
let me know how it goes!
dear fellow deplorable... what am i missing? silly q. what is ctr? i'm only coming up with click through rate :)
i have ctr guidelines somewhere&amp;argument strategy tips for minions.they've abt 55 us offices(not permanent;it is a temp push)
we r celebrating namik's bday 2day and 2mro those who r wanted to send cake or flowers msg me or drop email twenews24.com
you are awesome excited about when he sees my gift tell him he is best celebrity for fans,its first time i sent gift
hah! future headline! would not surprise me at all.
... i was out w last evening - how did it end in pizza?
please try to tell me she's not the cutest
i see she finally got the fuckin update
i think the important thing is that we walk/donate with the spratt pack
thank you!! go spratt pack!
data-driven, evidence-based policymaking at its finest
because we all know that data-driven nobel prize modeling is what drives everyday people's behavior.
i know i'm suppose to remember someone's birthday today but i forget every year
my birthday is next month, you still got time
why is so quick deleting reviews by an author's friend's preschool classmate but can't handle out-and-proud nazis?
guise i love you but i'm not talking about a 1 star review by ppl who didn't like your book for no reason. i'm talking about literal nazis.
10/he was playing drake &amp; i asked if he liked drake &amp; i regretted asking because it was like he was trying to solve a complex story problem
glad you are safe! be careful out there!
my favorite place to people watch is outside the gowanus textile arts / zen center
this is like nyc art shithead mad libs
the birther lie is what turned trump from an ordinary reality tv star into a political figure. that origin story can't be unwritten.
you started it, stop rewriting it.
the gaf thread is amazing! them falling over themselves to defend sony, and attacking the op for the thread title, lmao
yep what a mess, open season on xbox tho. let's be honest, phil says that, it's gonna be bad. no reason for it
if i'm going to die anyway, i might as well do exactly what the fuck i want, as long as i am doing no harm.
do what you want. be real and honest about your shit. as long as you're honest, a person gotta respect you.
what's your steam id? add me. nature_of_rome
steam failing when i search, mine is
lmao fuck that be free!
lmaooooo karma is a bitch . not tryna have her creep up on me
tried to post this at midnight but i past the fuck out but happy birthday hope you have a great day
the right corner pic lmaao but thank you martin i appreciate it
well guys it's the biggest day of my adult life.
is that rae's?
how much is going to pay to settle all those illegal cc charges?
don't know what cc is, but if trump said she was paying it she isn't, like mexico isn't paying for the wall
i don't know? you here??
now do not be a grumpy! eat your breakfast
ur mom should've swallowed you bye
nah she should have been shot into a toilet
some north carolina republicans start to crack on hb2: two state senators call for change
wouldn't be the first time a bad idea went nowhere
what did you do to it
i didn't. he grew a mass
q2: let's get into it. tell us in a nutshell what your concept of circle is about.
principle 1) ignorance - we begin by saying "i don't know." my customer my channel. my value prop.
why act as if getting high sends you to a trippy dimension where you can find yourself? bitch getting high is just chilling nothing more.
unless you eat an edible. those fuck you uo
a request: before you savage something i've written, maybe read it first? i know it sounds crazy but try it.
you're a disgrace. that tweet is everything wrong with this election season
obviously, you must dress in all white...which led to this deep thought of mine...
where are you?
kesha is going to be here next thursday i gotta go
i liked her better when she was ke$ha!!! xoxo. where?
fine my memory is very poor i forgot abt it hope fans can be little more sensitive
you rock
outside of the first few apple store pre orders.
yea i understand dude. apple needs to get it together than. last year didn't have a problem when i pre ordered
i can't stop laughing; this ought to be good.
. it turned out really dark. but that's how these things work -- you don't know what you're gonna write till you're done!
pj raval! for the music film production class
omg of course pj. you'll love him for more than just this amazingness. one of my fave professors, friend, &amp; lgbt filmmakers.
q2: let's get into it. tell us in a nutshell what your concept of circle is about.
principle 2) perspective comes from outside the building. from our customers and users.
creepy thin man from charlie's angels or big???? hope you're feelin 22 ily
lmao thank you little. ily
do what you want. be real and honest about your shit. as long as you're honest, a person gotta respect you.
and if they don't fuck with it, oh well. at least you were real and gave them a choice.
nothing has said or done even comes close to what hrc has done in violating our national security
that is why the fbi cleared and this is worse
. poll. let's go! who will have more yards in week 2???
obj vs saints hurt backfield? no contest.
i am respectful of course
oh yeah wink wink
no you a bitch. you built nastier than the roads downtown you dumb slut. dont comment on something you know nothing of
and i already did my nigga. so fuck you gon do about it, you punk ass bitch.
guise i love you but i'm not talking about a 1 star review by ppl who didn't like your book for no reason. i'm talking about literal nazis.
yes it stings when someone 1 stars &amp; galleys aren't even out. it's not the same as a crowd trying to tank your career based on your race.
q2: let's get into it. tell us in a nutshell what your concept of circle is about.
principle 3) build-measure-learn means 3.1) go faster 3.2) go backwards to go forwards.
she's so foul, she ended our cute ass conversation with "i call her headphanie!!!!!"
i'm blown away that your mom is that hip.
hey, ! check your dms &amp; reply w/in 5min! we're getting ready to award a prize! ad
oh look at that! winner! makes me wonder
and another collaboratory friday gets off to a great start at
mike caprio () talking about and openspace nyc buildathon for our lunch talk at collab friday
you want me to compromise premium hot pocket space in my freezer for a struggle sandwich?
honest don't care what u do w your freezer
i am absolutely voting trump!!!! ohio!!!!
so great you came around to bring family and friends to polls tell you governor to come around
i hope so. i just bought my ticket to see chastain in cincinnati im so stoked.
awesome bro major vids
i'm swollen and my lip is bruised i love life
come to school
not at all, combination of party mandate and public pressure, hence all the social media!
makes good sense. unfortunate sense. but, i get it. i did love the video that made. weeped a bit at watching it.
growth metrics 2014-&gt;2016
your sock game was in 2014.
should i sell my doc martens? anyone interested?
if they're matte/black don't sell them, they'll come in handy, trust me
headed to trinidad for a project. first time. anyone ever been anything i need to be aware of ?
i can tell you t&amp;t has their own regulatory body!
yes it stings when someone 1 stars &amp; galleys aren't even out. it's not the same as a crowd trying to tank your career based on your race.
so let's please stay humble and center the crisis and not the discomfort.
i've got jordy nelson, desean jackson &amp; willie snead - standard league. who would you start week 2?
also this is my first year listening to the podcast, favorite part of waking up in the morning. thank you guys!
lol love it! rt freight train sums my mornings up lately lol ad
ad when the kids leave.i feel like a train wreck!
i'll wait a couple months.
idk if i even want the phone without the cable for headphones lmao
have you worked with startups in africa, and what sectors are you focused on?
only a little with my office hours. i've done many many sectors from security to cpg to edtech
oh my god, live is even better. her voice is spot on and more!! almost balled both times i've seen her
so jealous right now lmao i'd cry for sure
a lot of you asking about the presale codes you purchased a while ago.... i'll have some info for you today! thank you for your patience
hi there!!!
dear fellow deplorable... what am i missing? silly q. what is ctr? i'm only coming up with click through rate :)
and are setting up temp offices in canada,as theyve a weak dollar rn.so ironically,hrc is offshoring menial jobs our ppl cld do
it would be a first, so yeah. i would be surprised if he truly denounces what he previously said.
lets move on.lets talk about e-mails/phones she had destroy when courts order her hand them 2 fbi. she is a criminal, benganzi
see you 's happy hour tonight w/ &amp; ! rsvp for your spot now!
don't forget to take photos &amp; make sure you give a big hug for me!
no lie. i had a convo with the wife about this just yesterday. its real lol
both of us are in way too deep to give up now, peace is impossible
how so? he didn't apologize for his years of racist attacks against the president's validity. he is pathetic
: booooo! you are no investigator. the facts are out there. start searching. we await your apology.
she runs c shells by the seashore
my followers
cornhole practice! # god help me
it's a lot easier with a beer in hand
r u supposed to ride in the front or back of ubers??? like i wanna b ur friend but i don't want to freak u out just tryna cop the aux
i feel like u should have a convo with ur driver b4hand so everyone knows the boundaries. like the sexy times
- i didn't. save your reply as a template. you'll be getting a lot of retweets.
sorry to misrepresent your response. there need to be a rider on poe's law.
the story isn't that "trump now admits obama was born in america." the story is "trump now admits he was lying for years."
"all these years"? toure everything he says is a lie forever.
this is what would look like. we can stop it.
trully you are crazy.
did hillary really just say that trump doesn't consider blacks to be americans? my god.
her desperation is showing.
lol yea. i can't sleep in that class cause i sit in the front which is why he called on me.
why ar you at the front? hahahah
my mom just came in, saw cardboard kate, immediately started laughing and went "she's got the bloody goggles on" then walked off cackling
did you put goggles on cardboard kate
bkitch its h52ver hoe. what it was?
gotta couple hoover niggas that would have yo muhfuckin head over me bitch, so fuck you saying?
spoken like a guy with 275 followers
spoken like a guy whose tweet has 1/8th the likes as the clapback. keep counting internet points, felon
i'm 8 hours ahead. friday already did a number on me. best of luck, carolyn.
thanks ian.
her toe is about to bust open someone help her
bc she forgot how to wear h*els
urbanists love cities. technologists love first principles. here's what you get when you combine the two:
the benefits &amp; costs of cities, &amp; how that may shift: lucid analysis by google '
broke three nails, got mascara in my eye, and nearly broke my ankle in the car door...
let's top it off with the fact that i'm omw to work and i get to spend 8 hours there
believe it or not they used a kid as a prize to get bitches
couldn't b me man :.. i do great with hoes
where are the emails, hillary?
is that all you got?
q3 : what are the fundamentals that a should follow to reach a minimum viable product level?
just focus on those three principles and remember that the p for product in mvp is sometimes unnecessary to learn.
dear fellow deplorable... what am i missing? silly q. what is ctr? i'm only coming up with click through rate :)
even in fucking us over,as a nation,she's-literally-taking bread off of the tables of serfs who probably support her,anyway
. wait... are you upset trump isn't a birther anymore? shouldn't we be partying?
he's still a birther.
i know how that man feels
looking forward to next week? ;)
trump: "and this beautiful ballroom is available for weddings, bar mitzvahs. because we love the jews, we love the jews."
did he say that?
the uses of patriotism
turn in your journalism credentials... you are a disgrace.
unfortunately allen west is wrong. people are judged by the color of their skin, who they love ,where they worship.
who took the cover off of west sewer?
see: - we're looking for for development readings to work w/
email me: kevintmorales at me dotty com
just tweet us your favorite pics &amp; gifs from our latest video with using .
i couldn't stop smiling and i sang along my favorite one yet
i know you feel heartbroken. trust, i know the feeling. i'm so sorry.
i know it took strength to post about meghan, you probably had tears running down your face the whole time you were writing.
ya dude! i first tried in dc at sichuan pavillion and i was hooked! here's mine over roasted broc
holy fuck you made this?
sorry everyone i'll be on a break from twitter for a little while
a totally amazz
289 to drain and fill transmission fluid? foh
bruh it's that much
sent this to spox, to ask how he will fulfill promise to give $5m if assured pres. obama born in us
maybe he should donate it to hillary clinton's haiti foundation
our mornings are a mix of frazzled and calm.. but i wouldn't have it any other way lol ad
morning are like the express bus!
oh the fight aired today! me and 'choreographed' that by ourselves, for better or worse
haven't seen it but i always love your paisa vasool action hope u enjoying birthday countdown
mere weeks away from potential white nationalist president and here's the scene at nbc
since last night, 's poll ratings have dropped dramatically!
me: trump hotel cab driver: whats going on there? me: he's supposed to say obama was born here cab: and get publicity for his new hotel.
- that's all he's abt attention getting, showboating, bufoonery, exaggerating &amp; unadulterated lies!!
q4: how will you advice startups to use business model canvas?
the bmc is a tool to identify your assumptions. nothing more. don't think of it like a fixed plan to follow.
. on trump event: "he's a salesman; took an opportunity to sell his business"
this and other news on w/ &amp; a very special guest from across the at wcbs-tv, woo-hoo!
q2 why is starting off the day with a nutritious breakfast important? ad
a2 it sets the mood for the whole day and gives our bodies the nutrients they need to fuel us right!
dear fellow deplorable... what am i missing? silly q. what is ctr? i'm only coming up with click through rate :)
legalize 420 so it makes them lazy, slow &amp; steals ambition along w/abt 8 iq pts,then give them just enuff cheap work to survive
do you use the button or analog stick to shoot jumpers?
i use analog stick to dunk. button to shoot
was born in indonesia or kenya?&gt;cause when started it in 2008.. she said both &gt;not
&gt;u&amp;your outrageouslies.. kill any's lately?
love fruit in salads so refreshing!
fruits in my yogurt! with some nuts!
we're having some technical issues &amp; will send you a recording of the webinar after. sorry for any inconvenience!
sorry to hear that! but thank you so much! i'm sure you have my email but just in case it's emily.org.
icymi: this is a really big deal.
my sister couldn't get major med -pre-existing conditions. in jan 2011 she was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer. (1/2)
meek gonna destroy cuzz lol the game can't spit hood shiit
boy you're buggin, did you listen to 300 bars?
birtherism will play loudly and often to minority voters, also trump stupidly put obama on the ballot. a vote vs dt preserves first aa pres
who cares about the birtherism-theonly ones who care are dems-because clinton is failing in the polls
holy fuck you made this?
do you deliver?
autocorrect for 'npm' is ' mom's
just like mom there are gazillion other different package managers. err... no wait... i'm almost there but not quite.
trump's bizarre claim that clinton started birther movement - wapo-no surprise trump would lie to get out of a jam
were you dropped on your head as a child or are you just a liar.
kudos to , who was outnumbered on and w/facts and research still won the debate on trump/birtherism.
you could have not watched same show i did. you're into meaningless menuscia!
how little you know of the current situation in ph problem on drugs. do u really think all the deaths are ejk?search more
suck up duterte's ass, you moron.
6-year-old stash is our today. he's super sweet! contact for more info about him
he's as cute as you are. happy friday.
when the are out, i will trick my sneaks out!
it's so cool!
i'm visiting my mom for thanksgiving and she said we can go to orlando and go to . i'm so ready!
obviously not on thanksgiving.prob that weekend but yay!
not even necessary. you delay this long, your cronies will readily assume that your hand was forced. *wink*
oh, i agree. but he'll still double down again. it's maybe the one thing he actually believes.
trump supporters likely regard that as a positive.
all he did was full the media to talk about something else than his taxes, econ plan and son comments about gas chamber.
q2 why is starting off the day with a nutritious breakfast important? ad
a2 the start of the day- keeps your engine going ad
breaking exclusive: 'hillary clinton campaign systematically overcharging poorest donors' via... by
talk about this, fox news.
q5: just a bit into what you have thought in the past. what do you term "minimum viable experience"? a new buzz?
all these buzzwords are not helpful. "minimum viable happiness" is as good as any other term. just go create value.
. fact-checks trump's claim that clinton starting
better late than never, i guess. hope its just not too little too late
they rly are! when i was younger i used to burrow them in my bed to thaw faster and then forget about them lmao
we didn't get fancy shit like that when i was a kid we got homemade sometimes w twisty ties inside
turn uuup w/ tonight!!
is there an age restriction?
i think this is in reference to the fact that only one of them gets called out on it.
delpo hasn't really been around!
good heavens, yes, this
right??? i love that you know this, despite having been stalked for other reasons by wack gr reviewers.
brings back memories from except it was breakfast burritos &amp; chinese food. and way cheaper prices!
later i heard a rumor they were supposedly selling stolen electronics as well!
just had our 1st experience getting on a train going the wrong way. only went 4 stops...so not that big of a deal.
made it to , which i've been dreaming of taking my wife to for 10+ years.
2011 gaga wouldn't stand for this
2011 me wouldn't stan for this
. after 5 years of rabid , what new evidence finally changed his mind?
: avoiding leftwing diversion from hilarity"s treasonous crimes would be a good answer.
another character iv been working on
love the contrasting colors!
i had too much fun shooting the new music video . thank u for having me, darling
you're iconic
sarah's birthday was a couple days ago. i did not manage to buy her a present. or flowers. not even a fucking card.
she knows that you wanted to buy her a gift, flowers, card-those who love u know your challenges and take them as thier own
suppose those written w/ believers in mind? (not the old ct focus on obj. content, but more about general world-life view.)
i'm only writing for vox, so no specifically christian outlets anymore.
supposedly, it will come with headphones wired with a lightning jack from what i hear. be interesting to hear the difference.
seems kinda complicated. not sure if i care enough to switch phones. mine works fine. lol
story of my life...
worst moment of my life on a baseball field. can't erase that image.
among our perks: the granger things t-shirt. yup.
i got the wrong perk!!! maybe i just give again
trump himself won't say it, but his campaign is now declaring that he believes now that obama was born in the u.s.
let's talk about obama surrounding himself with muslims while calling himself a christian!!
the blue one is the triplette..i'm familiar with it,not my favorite machine but aesthetically dope!let me know how ur coffee is!
it's definitely good just a taste i'm not used to lol
while moms may not be the family's picky eaters, it's hard to be sure we're getting everything our bodies need.
ad i am a very picky eater a2
snack crew unite
can we just bunker in chris's cabin and eat
icymi: this is a really big deal.
(2/2) in 4/11 she was able to get pcip coverage. because of this she lived 3.5 years longer. if she had coverage earlier - ??!
it's actually "she and bill..." it's nominative case. take care!
ace grammar mic drop there...
my entire workday obviously consists of me planning out future endeavors in my head lol
you do need some play time for yourself. you're such a busy
get sad, nap and dream about sad thing for hours, feel groggy and sad
"i'm busy, gotta finish my sadness checklist"
"there are more and more women vets, we have to hold them up. let them know we are grateful." -the first lady on supporting our troops.
samaritan uncles life, at risk due to hired thugs by r.a.cohen properties. i got this threat photo.5 spring
now we can't stalk
lmfao i got tight cos the bitch was using the pics from our week event
this was fun to read
so was this
maybe back a bowl and head to cracker barrell... i need some pancakes!
in the parking lot, though
i want to draw comics, i want do marker drawings, i should be finishing my essay
either way, this is no time to goof off on the internet
samir arora should be indicted
when he spoke about the business it was as if he was speaking about a business totally different than glam.
so this white boy has been trying to talk to me &amp; this is what he texted me today ...
this is you
hillary blames her campaign team for sunday press mess
are they really surprised by that. not me
what are good ways to counter gossip on a large scale?
using an incorruptible ledger than can store contractual agreements that make our institutional reality possible. ie: a blockchain
i went to store to ask about switching to they told me i couldnt handle it &amp; to stick with :(
why switch, no headphone jack and those bluetooth earbuds are hideous
rt cupcake adventures outside of !
love this photo!
twitterparty on today @ 11am pst. win awesome playsets-rsvp now 2 win!
i filled out your rafflecopter. is that my rsvp? if not, i'm rsvping now.
talkin point: is the window closing on jimmie johnson &amp; chad knaus' chances to win their 7th championship?
yes. the teams are just too strong this season.
anytime i drive over the del mem br, i wonder why people are driving so damn slow.
i think they are waiting for godzilla to attack the bridge
is a war criminal better or worse than a garden-variety criminal?
worse, since war is a context where murder is ok.
so is my little one
gl! this is one twitter party.i will never be called at -she doesnt even know i am here!
bumper stickers that are askew baffle me. do these people just hastily slap them on without caring?
i mean they care enough about some issue to put the sticker on their car, but don't care quite enough to put it on straight?
my bf says this about me with his son. you can't just be with any girl, she gotta love your kid like she loves you
it's gonna be hard for me i can already tell
suppose those written w/ believers in mind? (not the old ct focus on obj. content, but more about general world-life view.)
but i don't think much will change in what i actually write. religion is interesting to everyone.
side-by-side, the 7 screen is dramatically more yellow and less bright than my 6s. whites don't look white at all. anyone else seeing this?
hardware engineers were sick of all white interfaces and decided to take matters into their own hands.
i found the hand really lacklustre in daredevil season 2. hopefully jessica &amp; luke can carry the show.
the hand suck
trump himself won't say it, but his campaign is now declaring that he believes now that obama was born in the u.s.
don't care if he's from mars he hates america. make america great again!
i wish it was just your state
so so true. i didnt know how to include that pain in the same 140 characters. thinking of &amp; &amp;
---&gt; karmen, please encourage your friends to follow ambassador
god bless israel
baby's first rubix cube.
that is too cute!
i didn't even realize that the garden has only been there for 4 years and the plan to build was put in place prior! the nerve of these ppl
i've heard it said that some of these gardens only exist to prevent development... and there you go: evidence
microsoft excel may let me down after 12 hours of coding, but dos toros taqueria will always be there for me.
excel ruining lives since the 90s. tgft
(5 more hrs and im officially on vacation!!!!!!!!!!!!!)
where are you heading?
do you keep missing me on cam? you can dm me to arrange a show at a time that works for you:
that's exactly a problem we are solving /cc
i did it. thanks again for writing it down, (used it exactly the way you wrote it )
it turned out sooo good!!!! now you can show her next time you meet :-)
zoe will be in vsters 1 october come by and try alwa's awakening
nice! nes style
suppose those written w/ believers in mind? (not the old ct focus on obj. content, but more about general world-life view.)
(it's been a long time since ct was focused on objectionable content, by the way! like at least 15 years)
sunburns for apple. for the record, i wanted to leave.
i presume they didn't have any jet black.
our 1st video! watch @
brings me back to the first h3 event 2008. every station fitted out
backdrop at trump hotel event collapses after speech:
just like his campaign!
what should usc do about a big photograph of don hill at the coliseum?
what should the la times do about brainless, pot-stirring clickbait produced by its inexperienced sportswriters?
i agree - brooklyn! just figured out that's the same night as hill's last show though so i can't gooo
i can though! i'll let you know how it was!
what exactly is.....pickle soup?
did you find out? i am intrigued
beta64 live now has a discord server! so, now you can get stream information both on twitter and there for easyconvenience!
wait, can we have the invite?
lol! so who are the rest of the cast in peanuts terms,
dutch, she keep hanging out with the wrong people over and over again. who brings golf clubs to a vampire fight. but her gang
yo remember when i was gonna get you and your little chinese friend to scam sugar daddies
money moguls round these parts
a reminder that our mayor is actually bad at vision zero and related policies.
eh... i would make a distinction between big avenues and smaller streets with only one lane for car traffic.
i'm going to england today. fingers crossed for my ultimate celeb sighting:
32 years ago, i sat rinkside in sarajevo and watched that history-making performance. a moment i will never forget!
the strategy they used hurt their chances to win. dont you understand that?
carl is not very intelligent or hes trolling
now that has admitted obama was born in us, the african american community can settle down.
black community not the problem-it's the media (incl fox), obama, &amp; dems.hrc freaking out
chuck glass? oh i'm cheeky alright. it's all yours (doesn't work that well sometimes)
every flute, wine glass, plate, window. this campaign is making me a kitchen madd woman, it's where i sit.
thought making an iphone 7 appt. meant i could walk in. i was wrong! currently being publicly shamed outside the meatpacking district store.
had an appointment there this morning. luckily we waited inside so our shame was not on display for the normal people.
devine feminine got me feeling some type of way
mac is a legend
lol of course i am.
duh! i said that cuz i'm waiting for my shirt from you
ad i am a very picky eater a2
gl! if they are hungry they will eat!
of course these two choreographed it and had to make sure that hair still remains on point.
you are always so kool with your lines yes hair must stay in place esp
can someone check on ? he just sent me an emoji. i think he's having a stroke.
aren't you two in the same city?
fuck dude... i get my wisdom teeth taken out this month
it's not that bad honestly unless you get dry sockets. just stay away from dairy is all
they say this scandal got a lot of these customers switching over to .
we just want to help everyone get a phone they will love. it doesn't matter which one. :-)
audio: interview with doctor who examined juanita broaddrick after alleged rape by bill clinton...
"doctor who" examined juanita broderick?!
make so many people fall in love.
with them or eachother? either way...rt.
woke up singing the theme song. didn't know i knew all the words but here to confirm i do.
also confirming this made my friday
big ups to my cousin hakeem green for this peace movementin the brick city lets keep the peace
looking for fathers to share expertise in our backiischool contest
"there are more and more women vets, we have to hold them up. let them know we are grateful." -the first lady on supporting our troops.
spiritual life saver. my uncle "t" death threats due to domestic extremist gangs. cryptic warning gif.
so expensive , plus nails and brows... imma cry
ugh and don't forget makeup just being a girl costs a minimum of $300 a month
q2 meal planning inspires us to make healthy food choices. what are some of your faves?
a2 roast chicken and veggies or three bean chili
thought making an iphone 7 appt. meant i could walk in. i was wrong! currently being publicly shamed outside the meatpacking district store.
took a taxi back to williamsburg so to avoid the subway shame.
derek zoolander speaking at the un right now.
dang, you even captured half of the blue steel look.
check out this 10 liter bioreactor that jess krieger and marie gibbons got hold of at the ncsu...
awesome! it's a biostat b, right? they should make a tower that can control the 2l and/or 10l.
, where do you want to see more bike lane enforcement? name the precinct if you can cc:
i think would be great. hoyt, jay streets in particular.
also harder cus you have a girl. things are just different! trust me when you find her you'll know
it's about to just be me and my daughter till she like 15
roger stone's dream is fulfilled. he got trump to go birther to start this all off and now trump can drop it.
hillary started the mov't.
u vs the guy she tells u not to worry about
can we do this
racism thrives when liars are backed into a corner then allowed to shrug and change the subject. piece of shit humans.
i'm starting a new start up. becuz that's how one starts start ups. more toilet paper humans on demand.
does it keep recording as you navigate around a site? trying to answer from extension code but not super familiar w/ chrome exts.
yes, so long as no page reload happens
our mornings are a mix of frazzled and calm.. but i wouldn't have it any other way lol ad
frazzle my dazzle! i dont want to get out of bed
roger stone's dream is fulfilled. he got trump to go birther to start this all off and now trump can drop it.
but nice try at propaganda.
new shows dates: nov 09 london, uk - o2 academy brixton (w. cleopold) nov 28 new york, ny - webster hall (tix on...
why no sf shows?
trump's bizarre claim that clinton started birther movement - wapo-no surprise trump would lie to get out of a jam
she didn't start it -- but she promoted it according to obama campaign manager david plouffe
hey hey you never know babe good luck
i won from her- like 4 months ago.so i cant win again! gl!! chat soon
that sense of shared values and worldview, i guess.
i will be writing for a broader audience (which, i have to be honest, is much more fun for me), but ...
watch: donald trump lets jimmy fallon mess up his hair
's own hair has come undone--last night his poll numbers took a dive!
what an amazing match. crazy seeing heroic stay that composed versus players like those on envy
winning a game like that could put them above everyone else if they keep their composure
for bike-share expansion contract, seattle selects company proposing all-electric fleet
. bewegen is run by the guy who bankrupted bixi when it was on the brink of global bike share dominance
yes, so long as no page reload happens
i intercept all js evals and wrap them up in instrumentation code
guess who is guarding his food. that's our boy!!!
dawwww he is so very precious!! ^^
nooo don't do that! unless you wanna be single forever! your daughter isn't gonna want any other woman around but her
this single life really for me ... i like my peace
someone i really like pronounced gif as jif yesterday and now i'm questioning our whole relationship.
just say to him, "don't pronounce it like the peanut butter."
of course. but trump didn't let her get away w another lie
ok, i see he's the bearer of truth.
nope but i'ma play it now and see. the game don't impress me.
lol listen and then tell me what you think. top 5 diss track all time imo.
hmmm, i wonder what clintion had to say on when obama was actually running, when it mattered.
every day she was out on the campaign trail challenging obama's citizenship. it was deplorable.
djs - what's the worst confrontation you ever had with a requester?
i gave her a drink ticket to go away and she did not.
and your documented birtherism? hillary invented birtherism:
the great thing about these desperate tweets from hillary is we all just use them against her. they are such fools.
feeling so proud that i managed to wake up and dress myself today for some reason. ready for !
jack harkness , donna and the doctor are proud of you
making our nfl picks right now...i was 1-2 last week, joe was a perfect 3-0!
i missed them! anyone pick the raiders?
it's about improving the emerging passenger entertainment experience in ridesharing &amp; driverless cars.
i can see the potential but why would i watch a 30 sec ad on the tablet when i can pull out my phone &amp; start entertainment now?
bush is bad nk? hillary and obama are worse
all she does is harp about bush. she has no valid argument.
clintons campaign definitely started the birther stuff its unfortunate how she has gotten away from the responsibility for that
"there is no record that clinton herself or anyone within her campaign ever advanced [birtherism]"
q6: to scale a business, any advice on how startups can more customers within and outside their geographies?
understand your customer by listening. where do they work? where do they eat? what do they read? advertise there.
i will be writing for a broader audience (which, i have to be honest, is much more fun for me), but ...
... i think most of what i've published as far as reviews/reporting at ct would work with some small tweaks.
i appreciate you so much, for so many things.
sending love on this startlingly fresh fall day
live your life like this dog
sanic the hegdog
if the mother of your child smart she wouldn't introduce them until she for sure knows her and that guy serious
don't matter lmao still not ready for all that i mean i know it will happen it's life but still
when you live this lifestyle they only want you when they need you
except the real ones in your life
break my sisters heart and i'll break you
i second that
thank you jesus!!! i knew it couldn't end like that. but the peace i had laying on that field...
the whole outdoor garden at gasped thought you were done, then we saw you jogging back we were all sdh
omg yayyy!! have fun!!!
thanks so much!! i'll send pics and videos :)
some more before i clock in shit
i feel you the weekends is where i write and workout. try to stream a bit
hehe! thanks for considering us! anything we can help to answer or clarify, friends? -julia
thanks so much, y'all
okay so since i just finished being sick this means i'm good past twitchcon right???? right???????
i don't get sick. i have a superpower.
oh is he apart of his campaign? jeez i didn't know that. you'd think it'd be news
"supporters" that doesn't make one "apart of his campaign". you think that's be understood.
really curious to see what they're hiding under those haunch covers. low flying buttress to echo coup's maybe?
no, that's where the missiles come out.
.: emotional obama tearfully thanks trump for granting him citizenship
so trump immigration plan does include a path to citizenship...
getting another tattoo today
update. getting the tattoo. it doesn't hurt too bad
nope. nearly 20 years with r (+ s) but sas was never relevant to what i do. language wars are a waste of time.
in *some* corners of this earth, *some* people need to be told many more times that sas' expiration date was 1996.
that blend will be interesting for sure...ethiopian and congolese coffees will make big flavor that's for sure
it's a cold brew there
oh, indeed. arrogance is not a good look for you...
. dude, i see why you get blocked so much.
thank you, sir!
thanks for the twitter love. our next locations &amp; global finance show is april 6-8, 2017 details to follow soon.
a quick reminder that one of my main points in eiwag is that apologists desperately want us to engage their nonsense
funny, it was your book that lead me to se. gonna have to read this article again though, the first read gave me a headache.
what a fucking joke. can we stop acting like this shit is a game for like 2 seconds?
shit is not a game. this man is a racist who wants to divide people. we does the media continue to give him a platform to propagate hate?!!
on fri 9/16 at 11am pst. rsvp now to win a preparty play-doh playset
time to play
q3 stress can negatively affect so many things in our lives. how do you help combat it?
a3 reading a good book, taking a walk, wrting in a journal, prayer. listening to music,
if it help, i think i subdued friday. you can sneak past while it's still chewing on me.
your sacrifice will not be forgotten until at least lunchtime.
would have to be dicky not dickey
that's my bad. this one is on me.
i love how confused people get when and i talk in code around them
(and how confused we get when we forget our code)
yes, absolutely. who knew two would be so hectic?
i had an operation the other day because having one scared me too much.
donald trump is unfit to be president. we just can't accept this. we've got to stand up to this. if we don't, it won't stop.
u mad he winning -- u gotta "accept this" lmao
big ups to my cousin hakeem green for this peace movementin the brick city lets keep the peace
looking for fathers to share expertise in this backiischool contest
to reiterate: nothing will change until tv cameras stop covering trump blindly and take a stand in solidarity...
nytimes also needs to double down against his constant lies and center the people he is harming (muslims, blacks)
almost got fucking lost on the subway
this old asian dude saved my ass
shit is not a game. this man is a racist who wants to divide people. we does the media continue to give him a platform to propagate hate?!!
get this man off of peoples fucking tv screens and phone screens.
diddy. in the booth at spa. does that count?
main floor spa or that downstairs area? but i guess it doesn't matter.
all of us
i like that
you have got to be kidding me...lmao not even remotely believable, even for the stupidest among us.
i just tipped. she's going to quit.
if i served a subpoena on someone and they took a hammer to it i would drag them in for destruction of evidence
enough said! she's toast, campaign in shambles
the iphone 7 is beautiful. jesus
you still a bitch tho
and if you think trump started the birther you are truly ignorant
he did. get educated you moronic piece of shit. if you support that.. you are as ignorant as you sound. i lived in ny ahole!
it's about improving the emerging passenger entertainment experience in ridesharing &amp; driverless cars.
say i'm going to the game, i can watch your beer ad or i can work on my fantasy team on my phone. what will make me look up?
my edge 520 wouldn't turn on so i did the reset and now all i get is this
hm, it must have known i tweeted you because after 10 minutes of nothing it decided to turn on.
yeah that's why hehe
that tweet is so accurate it's crazy bro lmao
q3 stress can negatively affect so many things in our lives. how do you help combat it?
a3 a bubble bath, scented candles, time with my hubby, a chick flick, going to bed early
lol which one are you getting?
keeping it.... *basic* matte black iphone 7
tyler, we tried to find you a few minutes after the show and you'd already gone! come again, soon.
ahhh - that sucks! well, i'm sure i'll be back soon. or i'll see you at gma if you're there on monday. god's blessings to you!
i can't understand them but from what the other fans are commenting.... what a mess
i dont really get why they are so defensive when he's obv talking about a few chinese sasaengs and not the whole chinese pop
i say this from experience before i started to meet more people from esc. i'll just leave it at that.
but we're talking about the three groups being out of sync, right? is that a negative interaction, or more just confusing
oh nice!!!! still same flavor profile...you're lucky you have blue bottle right there :(
lol the bay has everything
said the same thing yesterday pondering buying nba2k
i just can't bring myself to do it bro
you're seeing slander this weekend, if that doesn't lift your spirits idk what will
you should be seeing slander too.....
game saying some shit bout meek rattin on him, idk about what thou
not surprised, that drake shit was snitchin too if we keepin it a stack.
that guy is awful
this character assasination from sugared water manufacturers will not stand!!
after trump non-ambiguously says obama born in usa, press essentially vows to chase trump to gates of hell over birther issue.
i don't trust anyone who was pushing the birther issue to have the judgment to be president. do you?
could be in or ( if move)
speaking of an school should be in the
yes. pretty insightful. the guys a dirtbag who has tried to dodge taxes and funneled money to his daughters charity.
now see? was it that hard?
and if you think trump started the birther you are truly ignorant
now crawl back into your hole with the other racist birthers...
. bewegen is run by the guy who bankrupted bixi when it was on the brink of global bike share dominance
his greed &amp; mismanagement put back 1 year - his shaky tech nearly tanked the whole system in early 2014
we've seen cults of personality before. they never end well.
whatever the dear leader says is true. we re in trouble
so lovely to meet and from the community in this week!
think i need to figure out angles hope to see you both soon!
what trump just did is a disgrace.
this is a disgrace! who 4gets bein under sniper fire?
lol i know the feeling corey! ad
ad and the dog is keeping you up all night!
no gpa on resume implies &lt;3.0 (or going to b-school where the don't believe in grades), right?
it means it was a long time ago and your professional achievements matter more. unless you've got none...
"i'd rather be surfing"
wouldn't it be amazing if it were suddenly revealed i was a fantastic surfer
welcome aboard glen. i'm happy another member of will fill my seat when i'm working from home
thanks. wouldn't feel right for someone with an average build to fill that void
not everyone is angry. actually a tiny vocal minority is...look to find many happy backers...
answer the questions i sent and i'll update.
i had an operation the other day because having one scared me too much.
well, less of an operation and more of a procedure, but now i'm just being pedantic
- now you're following me? why do i have the feeling this relationship will be short, painful and end in tears?
i admire wit and artful syntax. we might make it if we don't take politics too seriously.
do they suck as much in the comics?
they're mixed, they're what i like to call bad '80s- exemplifying all the worst trends of that decade with none of the charm
keeping it.... *basic* matte black iphone 7
i ordered the rose gold one to keep it literally
lol! so who are the rest of the cast in peanuts terms,
old guy with sword is so single minded he can never see the obvious such as a copy/scanner machine, computer, r need 4 for weapons
ps i love your work wherever it appears and am thankful to people like &amp; for pointing me to it.
aw. thank you!
dammit; you weren't supposed to tag
we're fired. rip rocket
so what's going to replace commentary channels since they're starting to die off?
chrisdamusic will replace them
watch the terrifying moment an angry rhino charges into tourists trapped in a car on safari!
my sharpei did that exact same thing to a prius. i had to pay for damage to the door. doggie is fine
doing more war table operations. i recognize the name "gaspard" for being one of the main forces of the orlesian civil war.
i'm not sure if it's the same one, but there's a mission where i have to choose who inherits a duchy. i won't pick him.
dudes love to buy me shit lol
wow. wonder what you gave em back.
this kinda stuff breaks my heart .. let's not be so curl today cause you literally don't know anyways worries .
9 years old.. no one should have to think about death, especially a kid.
stop funding other countries for one
yes, definitely but clngress isnt stopping any of it, we need 2 flushcongress, start over
i really like that shower curtain
thanks. ikea? more like ikonic
paris, and then to ghana!
so jealous!!! have fun :)
can't wait
huge fan of your work keisha. can i get a followback please ?
does it actually post in google classroom. i look in my cr and don't see any of the articles.
could you please dm so we can get a little bit more information sans character limits? thanks!
the fact that it's news that trump admits is born in the us is ludicrous.
let us note that trump was completely wrong about his very first "political issue" (which was ludicrous to begin with).
i don't understand these people at all
to be honest, i am *somewhat* fascinated to know the psychological/emotional drivers here
say it ain't so, hannah! we're officially nearing the end of a girls era:
omg say it ain't so
why are u waiting in line at apple store?
you're required to go in-store if you're in the upgrade program. fucking stupid.
i'm not sure if it's the same one, but there's a mission where i have to choose who inherits a duchy. i won't pick him.
"jean-gaspard is a chevalier" then i shall steal his silver spoons!
lowkey haha you can always catch somebody up there at night lmaoooo
their either smoking, drinking, fucking, or a combo of the 3 haha
there's no doubt in my mind that it will be poc who save the country from the most dangerous man ever to seek the presidency.
i agree with you k. one thing--several of my jewish friends have said seeing hte echoes are triggering....
q7:talent's scarce,how does someone with great idea find techies to build it out without infringement on owners rights?
prove you can find customers by putting up a landing page and getting signups. then technies will work with you...
surprise! guess who stopped by today. (hint: really good at taking selfies.)
we love yaz!
i'm latino and hillary is racist one ,get real, you're brainwashed
good grief... get educated moron... then crawl back into your hole with the rest of the trumpsters.
wedding gift level: boss (literally). thanks gary!
holy crap that is so awesome. and congrats! :)
you're too young for needlepoint, no? that's pretty impressive work by you
i knit the stocking but the needle part might take me until 12/25. i'm more of a grandma than most people know!
q3 how would you build a by using the nutritional benefits of fruit + milk + bagels? ad
a3 make a smoothie and then make a breakfast pizza with cream cheese fruit and bagels
me too. i think theology made that guy crazy, but it might be selection bias.
but james how many angels *can*dance on the head of a pin?!?!
leak exposes possible and insider trading | lifezette /// best part is the rent-a-protestor stuff...
who knew it only took about $300 million to get an ambassador position? i would love one for italy.
i love my boyfriends son just as much as i love my boyfriend ...and my family loves him even more
not wishing no bad luck on you but bruh if ya ever break up that shit be the hardest because of the kid
it means it was a long time ago and your professional achievements matter more. unless you've got none...
aww crap, mansplaining. or it isn't that because we're both dudes? maybe if i ended it with a '?' ?
this has been my power gif for the day. maybe it will help you on this joyous fuck up friday!
haha that really is helpful bring on that weekend!!!
i agree with you k. one thing--several of my jewish friends have said seeing hte echoes are triggering....
would you consider removing them from around your display name? &lt;3
why tf are u subtweeting him when he doesn't have a twitter jesse didn't do her dirty . are u forgetting that y'all cheated ! y'all
you sure jesse didn't do her dirty? wait you only heard one side to the story
it's about improving the emerging passenger entertainment experience in ridesharing &amp; driverless cars.
does the pax have the option to turn your tablet off? your tablet needs to offer me something that i can't get on my phone.
look, the difference between me quoting mid-00's memes at my kid versus my dad quoting mr ed at me is that albinoblacksheep can has cool.
to think that "i can haz cheezburger" is now the same as mr. ed... ^_^
what trump just did is a disgrace.
squawk squawk squawk. (fyi -your twittering is almost as shrill as your real voice)
church appropriate maxi dresses...plus i'm skinty. nothing to see here
maxi dresses are always worth lurking for *heads to ig*
is that what ppl have been saying. that his mother didn't give birth to him
no, but his place of birth is irrelevant unless you are claiming he doesn't have an american parent, which he does.
i hope team skull ends up actually being good guys, and aether foundation ends up being the bad guys. who's with me
i thought aether would be villains as soon as i saw them
what an impossible choice!
. medicine is pricey! seen elderly cut meds in half trying to save. this puts their health at risk.
imo we follow dr lucy kalanithi's advice: transparently talk abt everything we can think of. bring emotion/hope/love to surface
it's easier 4 fam than clinicians! we live mortality everyday yet it makes docs uncomfortable to discuss openly
a3: send the kids to grandmas
a3 lol send them to gma! i am going to move if my kids to that
bills fire offensive coordinator greg roman.
that was fast
what the fuck is that skirt thing?
hey guys, it's preppy white privilege- the superhero!
his greed &amp; mismanagement put back 1 year - his shaky tech nearly tanked the whole system in early 2014
the story of bixi is a stunning case of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory
new scientific evidence suggests "just relax and let it happen" may have some merit:
this doesn't always work as being told to relax is sometimes even more frustrating.
ima do my college football picks today so yall got time to make your plays
i needa learn how to bet like you breh
yes theyre really clear about it too im sigh
ugh mods running fanpages have to keep biases to themselves , really. that's how you run a fanpage.
tfw you get on the muni with 1 / 7 buttons on your shirt actually buttoned.
proper button hole though?
that picture of the "loch ness monster" is clearly 3 seals playing...besides, it's not even asking for "about tree fiddy." nothing to see here
i am a lockness monster fan and supporter and i think its 3 seals as well. wish it wasn't.
q7:talent's scarce,how does someone with great idea find techies to build it out without infringement on owners rights?
then...quit whining and learn to code. i'm terrible &amp; i can create a page in 10 min with
yes! me too.
it's crazy. the later os 10 betas were much better than this.
tyler, we tried to find you a few minutes after the show and you'd already gone! come again, soon.
when you get an opportunity, follow back so that i may keep in touch &amp; keep you aware of all of my successes! great show today!
your number still 3745?
yes but i'm camping right now so i have zero serivce, so i'll text you when i get home
lmao i feel this
this is why we mesh so well
it's not just trump's stupidity and narcissism that people should be worried about but his entire team
gotham monday
won't be long. just need food first.
hopping onto azure right now.
is that what ppl have been saying. that his mother didn't give birth to him
they didn't say it, but it is implied if you are suggesting he's not a us citizen. and donald trump had a mother who was an
kanye loves 2 compare himself to walt &amp; steve but these men revolutionized how we consume all media resulting in new inventions &amp; inventors.
his music is barley good and he can make a proper shoe.
actually i take this back its just film
*film studies the name of the major explains all
xenophobic or prejudice or racist would be assuming that the person can't be president bc of background
constitution requires "natural born citizen". that's background. you over reach. and mistaken.
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
just got pwn3d by the master: they're going apoplectic over how bad they made themselves look. ha!!
you really don't know know grubman's alter ego, do you?
ricky don't act you know because you don't
also is pee-wee herman's big adventure tim burton's best film?
i'd argue ed wood but pee-wee and edward scissorhands are all solid picks
i do like cube though.
watched it recently for the first time, good stuff
update. getting the tattoo. it doesn't hurt too bad
tattoo playlist. currently bohemian rhapsody by queen
imo we follow dr lucy kalanithi's advice: transparently talk abt everything we can think of. bring emotion/hope/love to surface
with us i should add. we aren't invited to conf's bc they discuss mortality and other hard stuff - true story
oh nah, game not sweet, he's like that lol
facts, niggas must of forgot
announcing top quartile (unrealized) returns for angellist syndicates.
correct me if wrong, but syndicates don't have much upfront fees,so no j-curve, but dealxdeal carry, so higher avg carry on back end.
q3 how would you build a by using the nutritional benefits of fruit + milk + bagels? ad
a3 we do cottage cheese on bagels. a nice jewish spread of lox! ad
can recognize your face even if you're pixelated
incidentally, this cow may now be de-cloaked:
i know less about the hand than i do about the foot, and i was only ever slightly more into tmnt than comics.
they're actually directly related- the foot are a specific parody of the hand
you are definitely a gun. your talent is of all time. judi dench is . is .
cool list. whose number 1?
definitely! i just got in, glad i saw that mp.
but your british, you are awful.
buffalo bills firing oc greg roman, per league sources. roman was nfl's top paid oc.
firing the offensive coordinator? the offense scored. the defense stopped nothing.
is that what ppl have been saying. that his mother didn't give birth to him
immigrant so if they are claiming that only 1 american parents means your citizenship is questionable, then we should turn
would love to hear about your solution. too often i am in a session when other folks see i'm engaged...
push notifications from both ends. really that simple. can't believe the sites dropped that ball
but, how? you can only go in one of two directions.
there was no manhattan bound trains from the one station i was at
it's annual conference for all employees! tenerife this year
i've been endorsed on linkedin for potatoes. do i qualify?
damn right!!! we all know it except him
but that's how he rolls being the dumbass
hi i still feel shitty...
//rubs your back
: knowledge sharing session join in for solving big problems
what are the big problems?
&gt;u&amp;your outrageouslies.. kill any's lately?
obama &amp; did it 4 the gold&amp;oil
is that what ppl have been saying. that his mother didn't give birth to him
the argument around and ask if trump is really an american.
as fall approaches those glorious get redder and redder and plumper and plumper on farms across long island
i love woodside orchards, their hard apple cider is phenomenal!
right? i am sure t.o.p knows his sasaengs. the fans even telling him not to go to china =_=
every idol knows their sasaengs. the other chinese vips are basically defending the sasaengs then the way they keep going on
lol! so who are the rest of the cast in peanuts terms,
there are experts in greater nyc that can translate the book in a flash but that would end the story in an hour not 4 seasons
kick it with some females though lmao
i think i actually like just chilled there once in my whole life nigga haha
why tf are u subtweeting him when he doesn't have a twitter jesse didn't do her dirty . are u forgetting that y'all cheated ! y'all
we both left two people who mistreated us to find each other who values one another the most
kelechi, trump is playing r's like chumps. follow the money from donors to trump &amp; family
your opinion is outdated. he is not playing me, i have my own judgement
the story of bixi is a stunning case of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory
it's as if hunter thompson had written about bike share: "tales of shame &amp; degradation in sustainable transpo"
is there any condition before you join a group as volunteer
yes...you must be prepared for pain and suffering. :)
are they going to have you guys go direct or mop with piss pumps or something?
the fires been out since we got here. but we're gunna tie in with our strike team again and work with them
follow my instagram to see more of my work!
quadri is my mood always
doesn't matter what you've seen in your life, you're not ready for this:
you're right... i was not ready for that.
nah not out of sync. the moments when they just completely break off to different songs. and when people can visibly see
ok, but not sure what tipping off the rest of the stadium helps
wtf no is someone going to take him in
hopefully! he's only a year old with all his shots, he's neutered and he's crate trained. he's at a rescue place in livermore
don't want to get me started, nate, because while i agree, i note that human ingenuity knows no bounds so does it not follow...
the universe has certain inviolable laws.
oh is he apart of his campaign? jeez i didn't know that. you'd think it'd be news
nobody from clinton's 2008 campaign questioned obama's birth. nobody. there is no there there. another trump lie. add to the pile.
your location is on don't make me run up
make it happen ..i was trying to cop that shit you was selling yesterday but you was being. heaux
did donald trump finally dump this
she got her lying course from donald trump college probably
30+ twitter fav albums...tpab...malibu...coloring book..this mac miller album...take the keyboard away from those walking dust carriers
malibu is coo, i can't listen to a full mac miller album, &amp; the rest may have a song or two
good point! no mls coach has missed playoffs 3 yrs in row and kept his job.
players continue to play out of position because he has no other tactic other than 4-4-2
now just need cici to beat boserup
i mean lost????
also how is straightening a white people hair thing? i've seen asians of all races do it too before they did
exactly, but you know they like to act like they created everything.
are you here ?
25 min! gone! now watch my name be called. attack nik! if yes
q8: if i'm a startup founder, how do i choose the right co-founders? who becomes ceo/cto/cfo/coo?
stop trying to allocate roles. everyone needs to code a website, balance the books, and take out the trash.
if you're not a fan of cl you will be after this!
she was pretty cool on your show, but maaaan jimmy you've gotta check out. by any measure, waaay cooler than cl.
not sure the offense was the problem in buffalo. not great or anything, but lots of other issues too.
yeah. like the head coach
she started it - he helped finish it. obama is born in the us. let's move on to the real issues, like jobs, debt etc
i'm not ready to move on until the people of the united states and the gets a sincere apology. no more lies &amp; hate.
q8: if i'm a startup founder, how do i choose the right co-founders? who becomes ceo/cto/cfo/coo?
try people out. try going to a startup weekend with the person. do they do what they say they will do?
would it be too harsh to judge her based on these two images and brief summary as a shit character?
she has a few other costumes
lol i know i have to actually ! but i'm waiting to see what shift i get cause ima get a new job
i feeeeel ya i'm still laggin on mine we better rage together at escape thoughhh
david brooks &amp; most white liberals are white supremacists. at least conservatives are honest about their allegiances
whether white ppl believe they're superior, we all benefit from privilege and are responsible to help dismantle
translation: well, i never!
i'm clutching all the pearls.
someone cut the end off the video it's a save the children psa for
ty so much. i appreciate that you took the time to tell the truth.
shit going down between the groups during games.
understand that the defensiveness online can be comical, but if we're talking about at the game itself, don't see an issue
seems about right. all adds up.
please make sense of this
are you here ?
ad i take my phone in the shower! in case they call me
i mite have to watch a whole trump highlight reel nobody told me this nigga was this funny
straight comedy. with that damn hair too
my right eyelid has been twitching for three days now
this is the worst
shut up, you irredeemable misfit. stay in your basket of deplorables. leave running the world to us!
unhinged squawking of a madwoman who has just been btfo'd.
expressing zero regret for years of pushing a racist conspiracy theory, trump again appointed himself judge &amp; jury on 's citizenship.
guess his cracker jack team of investigators finally made it back from hi
no, jimmy fallon, donald trump isn't a laughing matter | steven thrasher
what did u want him to have a serious interview on the show....its jimmy fallon it isnt barbara
it started with trump, and trump pushed the idea right until 2012, and he still doesn't believe
block recent hire? get informed !!!
acting as an extra for the get down and there are so many great afros everywhere
and everybody looks like someone's cool uncle/auntie
much gratitude for and 's pioneering &lt;3
you have some really interesting constraints too :d really happy to be influencing
all you have to do is google it and you'll see that the donors and supporters started it. doesn't matter, trump wins easily
see: "supporters". your word. but whatever.
and i started texting each other our outfits each morning
just a couple of cuties working for a living
that i did know. but tmnt added cool characters like shredder &amp; karai, so they're way more memorable.
oh yeah, the hand are basically just an excuse to throw around a ton of ninjas, dd makes them way worse with the mystery stuff
i love this sqlite doc explaining how indexes are implemented and used. helps understand the limits of indexes:
maybe i should read that...
trump's 'big announcement' on pres. obama's birthplace "shameful, sickening &amp; absolutely pathetic': via
if she loses this race, america will be a worse nation than anyone can imagine
opinion of unknown popularity: reading fury road as a "feminist" movie is a fool's game. it's good because it's *just fucking that good.*
i actually ended up not liking it the first time because so many people had told me it was the most feminist thing ever!
tim tebow is all about himself. period he needs attention like a high school girl
i disagree with that...he's a really good dude. just goes about things the wrong way imo
winter and spring belonged to novak, summer belonged to andy... i'm thinking maybe autumn will belong to delpo.
watch out in 2017, the year of delpo.
katz's interpretation.... or the man's actual words.. hard pass, bro beans.
you're a birther then? wow. you're such a moron on everything. trump could tell you anything and you'd believe it!
what do you mean?
it seems like we might be talking about two things? 1) the sw being out of whack 2) some sw members being defensive online
the active hours setting might let you get some work done (assuming you work between 1-12 hours!)
i have automatic updates turned off completely! none of that matters. and you never know when an update will take over sleep mode
does he have a twitter no bitch he doesn't so why tweet about him worry about when u can see ur kids not her ex
not my fault better than a subtweet correct? tweets were kinda old but you still managed to lurk my twitter?
main floor was lower level and that's where this pain was inflicted.
w-wait: i remember a walk-up to the booth (main floor), then there was another room somewhere that had another dj
jonah hill gets brutally roasted on live tv: [he has since canceled appearances..]
really can't blame him. that was definitely uncalled for.
trump: yes, i now agree that guns kill people. but also space aliens kill people, as we learned in the documentary star wars.
we would also have accepted independence day.
we're 2 years in and my series 1 still feels 99% capable as the most current model. nothing is making it feel technically obsolete
what's the 1%?
. launch larger-than-life new emoji keyboard!
really want them
lmfao shut up
and now youre telling me what to do? your points are going negative every word you say now....
democratic senator blasts clinton over "basket of deporables" remark
congressional dems want no part of hrc's version of romney's 47% gaffe. twitter users doubled down on her remarks, though.
in my opinion - that's good for you!
thanks, i guess were done with the birther issue peace
i want pan dulce and donuts and pizza and wings and a grilled cheese, i'm dying :(
i found a coupon for a dozen free donuts from krispy kreme....
simply best bellies! rt love you all!
love that ginger belly!
huge difference between the silence on the harassment of a black woman three weeks ago and the fighting back today.
i want to think that it's because our eyes are opening and we are growing and learning. time will tell but for today: go allies.
well maybe not ever but it's up there
not sure what this means.
i tell you, this store makes the best burgers!
it's because they are made with love
i'd say putting up 31 points on the 4th best defensive team from last year w/ a hobbled watkins and greg salas as your no. 2 is pretty good
two big passing plays that was it. defensive return for a td and scrub time td when the jets were prevent d. their o was horrid
that's how it be tho
4 hours late tho
discovering it's absolutely impossible to write about pine barrens without subconsciously (and hopelessly) trying sound like john mcphee.
absolutely impossible to read/ think about the pine barrens without wondering about a missing russian.
. - totally secret-ed your newsletter. was literally thinking y'day how i missed it.
haha amazing
boi. the options i this korean food court ...get me tf outta here i'm about to make it thunderstorm with my last money
excitement-induced spelling and grammatical errors but this bulgogi makes no mistakes
i actually ended up not liking it the first time because so many people had told me it was the most feminist thing ever!
if ppl had been like "this is a really shiny slick action movie, also the main characters are chicks" i would've loved it
and i started texting each other our outfits each morning
your pictures are better than mine because they're not selfies
new t-shirts?
no, iphone 7 launch. though there are some fairly new, pretty sweet t-shirts now too
it's as if hunter thompson had written about bike share: "tales of shame &amp; degradation in sustainable transpo"
hopefully new system will be a lot bigger than pronto - size/density is the problem (+dumb helmet law), not lack of e-bikes
i love the white long sleeve
i had a feeling you would! lots of nice things on sale. all 4 things came out to $75 and free shipping.
with no cards left to play doubles down on 2008 "birther" movement. sad.
well, she has no platform to stand on. what is she going to talk about.
i think the biggest thing that makes me sad is that for that amazing glossy look, you have to stick in a case for longevity :(
yeah. really that's the problem no matter what...it's why i don't stress too much about color. haha.
super mario sunshine, aka mario's inflation adventure that permanently changed elle for life in a terrible kink related way
always wanted to attach that nozzle to peach,
it seems like we might be talking about two things? 1) the sw being out of whack 2) some sw members being defensive online
2 is annoying and off-putting, but i don't understand how 1 is a big deal when understanding that ccl games are experimental
it's never too early to bond over stories and we love odin's personalized adventure from...
tell odin how you and his dad has met
update: the guard came in and was like wtf you guys would be dead
the guy almost knocked our chairs over at the door
when you realize hunger games just isn't that far fetched...
finally a practical use for long-distance running
i hate the process of finding a place to live
was it the one on graydon
amazon echo dot lets you add surveillance to any room in your home, in all your lazy bourgeois glory.
buy five get one free!
i fall down the stairs
she bought pink hermes fabric and josuke &amp; okuyasu fabric for her and joey i'm dyin
jus sign up wit 5dimes
word i'm signing up now.
why is she arguing for the sanctity and integrity of the gop. like where she been all these years.
d.c. delusion of "bipartisanship"
okay well this one seems okay but the rest are awful.
i actually think the preppy white privilege costume is the best, not for a hero or anything but just as a character
i could see it happening!
anything can happen in tennis, look what kerber did.
i'm a down ass bih i got you through whatever
thas a real woman.
what did trump do?? i'm out of the loop
he said obama was born in the us.
not if i can help it
angemon was fuckin' bae
2016: i just downloaded and installed an air app. cc
neat! put it on your zip disk &amp; kick back with some "friends." :-p
5 reasons trump might fall in autumn
someone might push him down a stairs? many people are saying
it's never too early to bond over stories and we love odin's personalized adventure from...
odin will have his adventure in the wild life
what's your request?
thunder in the rain
i know. it would break my heart but honestly his sons mom and i are deadass really cool, and i would still be there for him
i ducks with you for that
this is so terrible!!!!
isn't it? it reminded me of your film
all shelter live tour dates on sale now san holo, danger, fakear, &amp; robotaki joining us along the way
cant wait
lmao if that's how u make it through ur day ! ok ! lmao !
yea i look at how happy my girl is now that's she's with a real 1 and my two daughters that's how i make it through everyday
y.d.i. is my top track on tidal. glad to see the ppl respect bangers.
too bad mac miller got photo bombed your moment
how incredibly awesome!
so good to see you at !
i got no problem wirh "ninjas! yeah!" but nobu is no karai, and i didn't care about the black sky plot at all.
right? like they have no motivation, nothing about their methods is explained, it's all so drawn out none of it matters
you realize how much you sound like "womanizers" when you continually talk her like this?
couldn't agree more. totally sexist, stupid comment. stay focused !
twitter implodes after birther-in-chief donald trump finally admits obama was born in u.s.
trump admitsobama usa-born butdoesn'tapologize.that word seems 2be missing from his emotional&amp;verbal lexicon.
getting an email that your domain is up for renewal is an excellent reminder to get started on that site.
or that it's time to call that list again
your pot/black hero!
thug *ss lecturing us. plz! love him up
what did trump do?? i'm out of the loop
but he said it in a 33-second statement with no explanation, no questions. and he blamed hillary for starting birther
this seems like a significant turning point.
oh wow...this was it? not his daily lying?
bills firing their offensive coordinator. because our 31 points to the jets' 37 was all his fault.
respectfully disagree. that ej/timeout sequence from last night was horrifying.
is it fire? imma listen soon
i only heard a muffled clip but he was gettin real disrespectful, said he wants to fuck nicki
q9: how will you describe innovation? does it affect the way startups define value to customers?
innovation is creating not capturing value that no one else has done before. can be incremental or disruptive
i've noticed people don't talk about "hadoop ai" the way they talk about "spark ai". what would hadoop ai mean and what's its future if any?
any examples of ? anyone?
or if ya homie can't go home cause he a little intoxicated
my homies just shower me with a water hose in their front yard then change my clothes and take me home
the birther lie is what turned trump from an ordinary reality tv star into a political figure. that origin story can't be unwritten.
bitch please. you started that shit now own it.
i wonder why blocked me. i never insulted or misrepresented him. was i too critical of his former boss?
i accidentally discovered i was blocked by &amp; have no clue why... odd
. is unboxing!
don't do it! 6s plus forever!
q9: how will you describe innovation? does it affect the way startups define value to customers?
startups should always be able to express their value to customers. if they can't, they are done for.
i'm no roman fan, but they came away from last night thinking that the offense was the problem?
what if i told you, the ryans' are the problem
when you're excited to dress for sweater weather in the morning, and by the afternoon, it's just sweating weather again.
felt this exact struggle today. nothing worse than mixed signals from mother nature
apple battery case fits the iphone 7 just great!
i like your 6-megapixel camera, too!
noveller is officially bi-coastal! see you in la in october. brooklyn, i'll hang with you in...
from brooklyn, have many great times in la!
have fun at college, mom. ily
ty bb ilysm
but what good is the ledger if people ignore it? can't imagine trump supporters care about that.
agree. that's why the ux and social experience around such ledger really matters. that's what we're working on at .
i really hope it isn't in order. if it was though melos in the right spot.
if it's going from worst to best then he definitely is
let's be clear: just admitted that he peddled fake conspiracy theories to attack the integrity of .
no he blamed it on hillary...he said he put an end to it....my god.
ummmm the really fired greg roman? wow. scapegoat much? and he was the nfl's highest-paid oc. i do not agree w/ that decision. at all
anthony lynn time?
joe hates me so no bbcastles (lmao hi joe) -- i'm going to seanny's thing at trans pecos later tho
come thru trans pecos after babycastlesssss also wait r u djing that para para thing??
i have always been for my entire family is voting for him.
my family always
while largely correct on hillary and birtherism, trump has used egregious conspiracy theory tactics over and over
types are all plunging with ever increasing velocity into the tar pit of irrelevance. irreversible.
thrilled my new podcast about reality tv is live! this week and are guests.
* subscribes * :d
we're in nairobi on 15th/10 holding kenya eliminations.
make sure to add it to dancedeets too! create an fb event and hit "add event" on or our mobile app.
though it would be awesome!
if you come to nyc you'll see these where the old telephone booths were:
but it's a little weird since composition is non-commutative and right-to-left
how about defining a recursive form g_n=f_n(g_{n-1}) &amp; g_1=f_1? maybe too verbose?
thug *ss lecturing us. plz! love him up
let me know if he ever repented 4 his ways !
can you imagine?
if you come to nyc you'll see these where the old telephone booths were:
it's pretty cool.
too tamed. i don't likemy hair shaped and boxy
still cute. .. and yeah i totally agree the wild hair look is it. lol i loved it
if a particular view is unable to render a new field on an entity, or a particular subclass, where...special case?
while i wholly agree with brandon and david... i think the point of rr4 is devex for the masses
i don't think ur smart if that was ur come back . they do have a private button if you'd like to continue to talk shit privately
i'll keep this public to see how ignorant you sound
will u be at new york comic con next month
no for me this year, unfortunately - not only was i unable to get tickets, but i probs won't be in town :[
i've been waiting all week to go home cus lola bouta make me some fire ass blueberries pancakes with kodiak cakes mix
lola hook it up
halloween a few years back haha
that's not halloween, that's just a regular ass tuesday, stop lying.
i left him a message!
shoulda had you ask him why i looked like i needed a gator. i do need a haircut
is this the best policy speech you have today?
shut up and tell us what you will do for the country besides using your position to make money.
+ their "ultimate weapon" is pretty shit compared to captain america, jessica jones, luke cage, spider-man, scarlet witch...
i mean if your ultimate zombie ninja can be taken out with a headshot you probably aren't toppling nations anytime soon
1 year closer
another 365 days to go before i can legally consume alcohol
i'm buying a new battery i can't wait till december
see but thats so painful to me
my mom used to give me sleepy time tea &amp; this sleep pill that knocked me tf out! i'll ask her what it was called if you wanna try
please!?!? i honestly feel like a zombie and my heads been hurting and i know its cause i haven't slept
we believe the two biggest problems nigerian startups have are 1. executing the business idea and 2. "funding"
everyone complains about funding, but the bigger problem is executing.
lori! this is amazing.
librarian i left message with was like, "...uh-huh, snappsy the alligator. okay, i'll let him know."
and not just angela--before her, was attacked and it was met with a lot of silence.
it's easier, isn't it? easier to call out literal nazis than a beloved white author. easier to rally around a white lady than a black one.
credit card. cc. do your homework if your gonna be with her. you may be considered an accomplice
i have no idea what you are talking about, i'm sure it is more important than you using a fake picture.
trump's event to announce the first black president is a citizen is like making a point of saying a jewish candidate does not own the media.
plus it was just an advertisement for his new hotel anyway.
well hello to you.
i knew i shouldn't have preordered
go see these folks put a great show on for you while you can!
is this a show you really think represents diversity on stage? when i saw it there were two black actors: a minstrel &amp; a hag.
while i wholly agree with brandon and david... i think the point of rr4 is devex for the masses
it's a clean and easy to understand, easy to reason about api. there are edge cases, sure.
excellent piece by for , w- some very smart comments from my friend
thank you shadi and john.
just told a group of high schoolers about the time i consumed nothing but taco dip and mountain dew for 3 days and then i threw up.
i tried a variant of this where i had chili-cheese fritos and chewy sweet tarts for dinner. similar results.
and you know... if they have supposedly two good minded defensive coaches you would think they'd be able to look better then that
they made fitz look like some sort of legend out there last night. terrible
here i come!! so excited
i'll be there for like 5 days - we'll have to meet up at some point!!
woah, grace vanderwaal, the winner of america's got talent, is from suffern, ny, right near me. pretty cool
i knew the second said she was the next that she was gonna win.
like i said missing the point you can leave now. stop wasting my time and taking up space
please leave my username out of your guys' debate. thank you
tattoo playlist. currently bohemian rhapsody by queen
next is professional rapper by lil dicky
we believe the two biggest problems nigerian startups have are 1. executing the business idea and 2. "funding"
it's sooo cheap to do a startup. sometimes you don't even need a domain name.
finally feeling better from this terrible cold i had all week so i wanted to wish u all a happy healthy friday!
happy friday to you too.
i don't think ur smart if that was ur come back . they do have a private button if you'd like to continue to talk shit privately
i'll keep this public for everyone to see how ignorant you sound. everyone already knows the shit i been through this is nothing
i'm so sad i can't be at my besties wedding today because of work
but you got the date off for drake. sure
lmfaooo you lying titi wouldnt say that miss you guys
titi mad fucking rude ima start recording her , liveth cnt stand her and we miss you guys more!
rex digs in more with one of "his guys"
to be fair isn't he gotten interest as coordinator before?
where do i find y'all? that looks beautiful!
just look for someone wearing the shirt. they should be able to give you one :)
so ted cruz could've never been president?
there are opinions across the board on that. a question that scotus would have to settle. i can't say.
happy birthday gabby!
thank you !!!
agree 100% not really acceptable. i know its hard, but we came into the league knowing that a stadium was expected
not only expected .. but promised
again, trump turns his faults on others. psychologists call it "projecting." kids call it "i'm rubber, you're glue."
he is not lying, you are as usual.
big time now!!! congratulations!!
excited to rep brooklyn &amp; our terriers at the national level!
worried that i'm the guy "who calls the waiter by his first name" in "when he sees me" ama
to make matters worse, i'm colorblind. how untrustworthy is that.
how do you get a free ipad?
buying an iphone
what choices do we have instead?
urging to adjacent possibles in the now
woah, grace vanderwaal, the winner of america's got talent, is from suffern, ny, right near me. pretty cool
and all of the odds makers totally had it wrong. i coulda made bank.
tfw you realize you're seeing tomorrow
love. can't wait for wednesday here at the indy.
watch: donald trump admits barack obama born in u.s.
only took him five years to change his mind. does not say much for his character.
we believe the two biggest problems nigerian startups have are 1. executing the business idea and 2. "funding"
even if you need a lot of funding for manufacturing a physical product, there is crowdfunding
i just can't afford the room this time my heart is sad guys .
were not getting a room.........
it's easier, isn't it? easier to call out literal nazis than a beloved white author. easier to rally around a white lady than a black one.
and don't get me wrong, i'm so so glad we're calling out the nazis and rallying today. but. next time, when it's a black woman, be here.
this shouldn't have to be said: you don't just get to say someone else did the worst things you've done. it doesn't work. no one buys it.
why you do it all the time.
it's a clean and easy to understand, easy to reason about api. there are edge cases, sure.
i actually hate the jsx all the things movement. they should stop at fun experiments
should be savage
very factual
just lost a couple brain cells reading this
this has to be sarcasm, but i'm all for having my nipples removed. they do nothing but hurt.
hi liza, last time we were there,went to the prime rib was dee-lish-us. pizza': my fav is
i was also gonna say lou malnati's.
when you entered the club there was a lounge with a dj booth. step down into the main floor as you move in.
this non-main floor area i speak of, i remember dim blue lights and couches.
i ordered the rose gold one to keep it literally
you win. i'll agree to that. i should have said "simple"
which player is playing "out of position" ?
mpg plays winger, godoy plays attacking role, wondo plays false 10, thompson plays bench
i agree with that. it was. but this is incredibly precipitous and disruptive.
well, your photo says it all. we suck again.
heck yeah, do itt
(also, have a good flight!)
baalke needs to speak up fast! letting kap go bc of his "protesting" will only make the niners look more bad.
correction jim harbaugh gave us 3 years of relevance. damn ppl really under value coaching smh
i cannot argue your judgment, erred or not, but i know how to identify a con artist. just saying.
exactly your opinion and you are entitled to it. really.
how can a start with peculiar african dynamics grow by running lean?
that's a bit too general. africa is a big place. lots of different dynamics in different countries.
rex ryan's defense was also just waxed for 37 points and 493 yards by the jets.
the cbs don't suck like that and they might have one the game
i think twitter may have found it's new thing.... after i saw this tweet last night i started watching. liked it a lot
it's a pretty big game changer
let me know if he ever repented 4 his ways !
not entirely wrong, but coming from him?!smh
happy birthday to a true brother, the ulman. love you brother and so do they
have a wonderful birthday :)
my face reading the article
he was doing such a good job too
how can a start with peculiar african dynamics grow by running lean?
can you be specific?
trump has spent years peddling a racist conspiracy aimed at undermining the first african american president. he can't just take it back.
you started it there is tons of proof. question: do you ever tell the truth?
i actually hate the jsx all the things movement. they should stop at fun experiments
but react router v4 is a solid design *for the target audience*
how can a start with peculiar african dynamics grow by running lean?
what peculiarities?
lol thats a fact, but niggas wanna act like meek exposed him instead
niggas just hate drake b lol, for no reason.
if you haven't yet, xoco, pequod's, longman and eagle, the publican.
pequod's pepperoni and maybe add mushroom. caramelized crust=wow...
communist argentinan and mcdonalds enthusiast
i may be fat, but i can still run fast and punch hard nigga
had the same message across my screen and was freaking out...
i know, mini heart attack right here.
librarian i left message with was like, "...uh-huh, snappsy the alligator. okay, i'll let him know."
first the fire drill, now this!
i'm gonna be kicking off friday night thirst twitter early today, i just know it.
you wouldn't dare!
love folks that try and nerd-splain me how i don't understand parallelism/simd/multi-core. hard to contain my "do you know who..." response.
heh. i've gotten much better about that over the years when folks complain to me about api i've written.
as 4 me,i have this great passion for re-designing ict nd re-engineering jets in nig basic school
jets? ok...building jets takes a lot of funding. :)
nah, you put those bad ones up
for sure !!
outside of those 2 bombs, offense looked enept. couldn't sustain a drive, defense on field 3/4 of the game. they had to be gased
i understand that there really weren't any sustained drives by the o but the defense even early in the game couldn't get a stop
i would have loved to be there but i couldn't make it. guess there is a doppelgnger!
maybe it was stock footage they had of protest in albany in general. it was definitely you
it really shouldn't be surprising the embarrassing state of the clinton campaign when her surrogates/supporters smear like this
you can't even bring yourself to say obama was born in the us. pathetic and sad!
update: says apple has tweaked ios 10 to address the connectivity issues with its network and some iphones
the problem was indeed really bad but there was a "network carrier update" last night that seems to have fixed it.
fuckk calvins best songs r alwas the ones where he sings
stop is that really his voice
it did happen, i voted in the last three elections.
are you sure it wasn't three times in the last election? you seem to remember things that did not happen. use in some cases
stephen a not havin anything of what will cain is saying lmao. he finds this so comical
calling the cowboys a "walking team of mediocrity" good lord
send the videos to mee. ive been trying to vist all summer yo.
check my snap lmao she look crazy... and ugh this christmas we all need to reuinte
you guys are having all the fun.
no. it's just leanna. she is always in the right place.
the birther lie is what turned trump from an ordinary reality tv star into a political figure. that origin story can't be unwritten.
why, you have unwritten all those e-mails. quit while you are ahead. america has your number.
first the fire drill, now this!
getting lots of work done, right? me too.
deadass please do! ima guna shoot myself one day here
lmao you'll be alright
i understand that there really weren't any sustained drives by the o but the defense even early in the game couldn't get a stop
they yielded long drive after long drive over and over again
and don't get me wrong, i'm so so glad we're calling out the nazis and rallying today. but. next time, when it's a black woman, be here.
cool side thing? that white lady author? she's trying to do better. and yesterday, a white male author apologized clean and simple.
4) i'll add an option.if you need it, i'll write you the check and you can keep the money rather than give it to charity
this is a great idea mark, will you also be doing this with or are you just trying to nail trump??
i have always been for my entire family is voting for him.
i live 4 miles from where he grew up in queens i wrote this for trump
yess you feel me ! and i'm trying to go both days but hope the new job doesn't fuck it up. oh yess
i totally feel you ahhhh well let's pray that you can make it botha days no doubt were gonna get litttt
did greg roman piss in rex ryan's cornflakes this morning?
coffee = spit all over the table lol
anyone else notice that this generation of students have real trouble knowing the proper usage of a colon and a semi-colon?
i tell my freshman students they're not allowed to use a semicolon until they cleared it with me
"we got played!" cnn reacts to epic press conference troll
now cnn can focus back on hrc hateful insults 2 americans, destroying e-mails/phones &amp; not give 2 fbi
is it okay if i rt this thread?
sure :) go to 's too for more.
and really the only things that makes the foot interesting are shredder &amp; karai, and the hand don't have a shredder or karai.
part of that is right, like usually silver samurai is their shredder but he ended up under the wolverine rights banner
that snowglobe lineup tho...
bruh we out.
and here is the clinton campaign's latest focus...will it work? how will donald trump handle?
4 men dead, our security at risk,e mail scandal,syria,kkk mentor,tavelgate. tpp flip flot and this is what you want to know?
so, how was your thursday night?
congrats liat and family!
currently listening to dr feelgood's 'roxette', and all is well with the world :-)
i read that wrong and was hoping for a cover of motley crue by 80s pop band roxette. :-)
seems about right. all adds up.
the offense is awful and predictable, tyrod regressed. see ya, greg!
customer service delivery is paramount important, the place of abode, livelihood
yeah..channels for service delivery are a big challenge in most of the african startups i've talked to.
to make matters worse, i'm colorblind. how untrustworthy is that.
your likes are v appreciated because i definitely think of you every time i hear this song. read into that whatever you will.
it's been said before, but dems have expressed a lot of trump outrage (justifiably) w/o adequately addressing anxieties fueling him. (1/2)
what dems r u talking to? we've been screaming about racial resentment for years
so to recap: bills fired oc greg roman and promoted asst hc anthony lynn to new oc, per league sources.
ok,well that doesnt make much sense,they scored 31pts last night,its the 37pts that the d let up that cost them the game,lol
trump calls cosmo reporter who interviewed ivanka "very rude" and "non-intelligent" for doing her job:
anyone who challenges him is condemned. is this not dictatorship? vote hillary for america
jsx is not a problem, saying it is is just a huge distraction
totally agree. the neat freak in me doesn't like render lifecycle where it shouldn't be either
fells tingly to have an expert finding experts in the same village
to be specific blissfully tingly!
hi, dianna. thanks for following!
thank you too! hope you're doing well.
excited to partner to celebrate beautiful humans embracing the unexpected , congrats
this is truly dope!
this is the fucking saddest story ever. the part about the tree house killed me.
this story literally made me cry in my car while on a stakeout for another sad story. thanks guys.
you cant beat the gopnik
i have guns i am fat american
eh, i guess ca could always import wind and solar from out of state.
goodness, brad, accepting a bti article at face value? ca has enough sites for this stuff w/o paving over rest of mojave. 1/n
other room was actually same floor just to the side. this booth had a small stairway maybe 6 steps up and looked out on main
got it. doesn't sound like a convenient layout.
cool side thing? that white lady author? she's trying to do better. and yesterday, a white male author apologized clean and simple.
these call outs to big beloved names--they are so hard. but they give those folks you love a chance to grow and stay beloved.
something trump has never done.
to be a pedant, actually two things: he's never worked as a government employee, either.
in blow to zuckerberg's real-life privacy settings, palo alto rejects plan to demolish homes
i actually kinda like this headline
as a startup, how do i know the right metrics to help grow the business?
what type of startup and what metrics are you currently tracking?
.: if donald trump wins, "it's the greatest f- you to anybody"
then he better push through the 28th amendment: the right to free psychiatric care.
gazpacho is a raw, cold soup, had it in some vegetarian/organic/raw restaurants here,fresh &amp; tasty,great for the summer.
yes. i like it in winter, too.
as a startup, how do i know the right metrics to help grow the business?
b2b? b2c? c2c? etc. what industry?
what trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. apologize to the president, and to the american people.
right after you do. and while your at it....apologize to the benghazi families
there's some truth to that
it shouldn't have to be like that, it's why a lot of relationships don't work out. someone always cares more
...wish we had syntax for named argument curried functions in js.
of you wish it, that puts it at stage 1, right?
yupp. pretty unsettling to watch
just like how they just fired greg roman
goodness, brad, accepting a bti article at face value? ca has enough sites for this stuff w/o paving over rest of mojave. 1/n
consider 1) distributed solar (which they even mention), 2) southern san joaquin valley sites for solar, 3) large increase 2/n
3 years ago friend took my speakers badge. checked in at every booth. unleashed wave of cold calls, emails. still getting them
ha, terrifying. someone did this with my phone number on fake yelp profiles once, still getting "are u open?" calls
i've said it live on stream with you, but thanks tho
oh, ok. you admit trump is a conspiracy theorist? didn't you also say you'd vote for a 9/11 truther?
bills are desperate. i liked roman. he wasnt very good past 2 games, but he did a lot last year. i smell infighting more than performance
rex wants his boys around him. he's feeling heat. i dunno. probably won't matter in long run imo.
this guy genuinely thinks i have a conversation going with him.
trying to report him &amp; the options i can pick are "this person is annoying me." thanks facebook. annoying me. lol
i have never understood what makes someone loyal to apple - unfortunately my girlfriend is one of u :)
mainly don't want to deal with the android dumpster fire
this is on my mind a lot. my answer is 'they're different things', but i can't articulate why rn.
my thinking has been that a good design system is like puzzle pieces that fit together. style guide perhaps more do's/don'ts?
is this the earliest in-season firing of an nfl coach? i can't remember any other week 1/week 2 moves.
it's only week 2 because of thursday night games, too.
she doesn't have many of those, unless fundraisers are "clinton events" and donors are "surrogate speakers."
pavlovian donors have lots of money to throw away on her but even their arms will eventually get sore.
ps...done with jimmy fallon and dr oz (who is just a glorified product hawker looking for ratings , lost my respect ages ago.)
why a trump victory in november is a virtual certainty =)
i found a coupon for a dozen free donuts from krispy kreme....
why is the universe testing me like this
a "stringed life" of family deaths - part 2
thank you bro! it really means a lot, especially what i have been thru. losing my dad has been the most difficult.
this is she is missed, but if not , i wouldn't be here.
awww, what a darling kitty. mwah!
there is nothing wrong with men in crop tops
haha i just had this same discussion with my bff who's 17 yr old son wears a crop top now and then! luv um!!!
i love self checkout. i hate talking to strangers. don't even look me in the eye
my debit card is being held together with krazy glue because i don't wanna go to the bank and talk to the tellers.
consider 1) distributed solar (which they even mention), 2) southern san joaquin valley sites for solar, 3) large increase 2/n
in onshore wind resource due to increasing tower heights (nrel has maps), and 3) vast offshore wind potential. and let's not 3/n
probably is
im trying to really think lol. it was halfway decent for a little while in dallas. maybe a few weeks but thats pretty much it
. such a great topic.
right ?! my circle of friends r in sandwich generation. helping our elders, helps us. and knowing resources is imp
trump using this 'press conference' to promote his hotel is exactly how he'd govern. all americans will promote him and his products.
a smart man is he
will bruno get a well deserved raise this year?
i will +1 for that!!!
for me, hamilton would work, but i would need to get done with everything by hurricane or i'd just sink into a heap of sad.
so you need to write like you're running out of time.
these call outs to big beloved names--they are so hard. but they give those folks you love a chance to grow and stay beloved.
but most importantly, they make safer spaces for marginalized people in this community and in the world at large.
i don't care what it looks like. it is the 'peoples' obligation/responsibility to question our leaders.
agreed, but it works better if you ask smarter questions like why romney &amp; mccain didn't challenge obama's eligibility?
breaking news: have fired oc greg roman. (via )
you fired the wrong mf
oh no, this is exactly my kind of musical bullshit
i'm surprised you didn't watch valkyrie drive
if you want me to buy you a book now is your chance to tell me!
fiction not by a white american author
rearrange those deck chairs rex.
also who knew roman wasn't a good oc without harbaugh?
*the hand (in the mcu) don't have a shredder or karai. how is silver samurai as a character?
he's alright, tinged with a hint of caricature and mostly underused
two years later israel is still fucking w saxobeat
lol but is this israel or turkey?
sometimes i get 16 limes and pay for 15. thanks, self checkout
sounds like you're wearing some really cheap skates.
happy birthday gorgeous!
tysm beautiful!
yeah, right. i don't think so. start w/ illegals crossing in record . is this hard? you so ignorant.
number is declining.
i'm a block away from there! are you in line? are they selling phones to people without reservations?
there's a line of people without it reservations, but don't know if they actually have stock.
tv shows whose names include when they air
jordan kay @ xoxo, i've got some bad news about when xoxo ends, man
two years later israel is still fucking w saxobeat
that model looks familiar...
as a startup, how do i know the right metrics to help grow the business?
if you want a broad answer, you can read this book by &amp;
i can agree to a certain point. rex said it himself, he didn't bring pressure. so let fitz stand back and pick em apart.
exactly. that was the biggest problem with the defense is that they let fitz just sit back there with time. dbs can only cover
when you walk from baruch to the freedom tower at 1 in the morning
that's literally a good hour walk and about 3 miles good job.
in onshore wind resource due to increasing tower heights (nrel has maps), and 3) vast offshore wind potential. and let's not 3/n
forget to tip our hats to bush and hodel for creating the mojave conflict but it's no more than a bump in the road. lastly, 4/n
i fuck with this update
forreal? is it cool?
exactly. that was the biggest problem with the defense is that they let fitz just sit back there with time. dbs can only cover
their assignments for so long
offense hasn't been good in two '16 games. (was super-efficient in '15) this seems like an overreaction firing. and the wrong one.
maybe but there could be something we aren't seeing or aware of yet. his game plans have sucked...
any chance you're djing somewhere this weekend? huge fan and am in town for the weekend on business !
alas, the wife and i are heading up to sonoma this weekend. but enjoy the city!
imma keep it a stack i've never been in a "real" fight in my life and plan to keep it that way nor would i lay my hands on somebody...ever
unless there's real reason it's pretty pussy to lay your hands on somebody just because you're mad... we can be civil humans.
what's the old guy from the office's name? creep? crevice?
creed but crevice is also acceptable i'm sure
their weird obsession with pressure sensitive touch.. i don't get it, man.
they jumped the shark on buttons.
not only do they have high cal which is already op but they made it hallow point what a time to be alive
cause there's hollow points in real life lol
i'm a block away from there! are you in line? are they selling phones to people without reservations?
there's a long line of people without reservations, but don't know if they actually have stock.
as a startup, how do i know the right metrics to help grow the business?
also....make sure the number is % and not a #...that's a good rule of thumb.
getting lots of work done, right? me too.
i left an hour ago. buying my kids pants and singing along to the bangles in the store. have a snappsy day!
part too, i think a lot of us who saw how bad it got for angela after the fact are now more on the alert 4 the next round.
i agree. i think there has been growth recently. i just hope we stay on this path. and it's worth noting just in case :)
just ate lunch in basement of this temple in .
what ya have and how was it?
gucci gucci, louis louis, fendi fendi, prada. that daily mail team loves our bowls so why do others even bother?
...when you bring lunch in but feel the need for a gucci salad/bowl from
trump blaming birtherism on hrc @ hotel infomercial seem like a bad movie scene to you? whole campaign's a bad movie
when someone makes(&amp; theywill,maybe clint eastwood?) a docu of trump,it'll be called schlocksucker!
i thought you tweeted a pic of cobalt @ me lmao
nah thats me
my awesome summer at sri international in california comes to an end!
glad that you had an awesome summer at sri!
excuse me but president obama's biography is literally the opposite of "breaking news".
i would also argue that the '16 gop candidate manipulating the press &amp; journos indulging him is also, sadly, not breaking news
i send hugs to you to ernie thanks
big hugz jen
i don't mean to alarm anyone, but our heat kicked on for the first time this morning.
somewhere, just became aroused
honestly, at first, i thought this referred to the "oc" show. i agreed there was no reason.
marissa and tupac still alive just chilling on the beach somewhere.
u don't think she was happy before lmao. a real 1 ? huh u seem slick at the mouth and only weak bitches fall for shit like that so
doesn't matter if she was happy before, who she with tho? why you still worried bout what we doing?
are you advocating against personalized recs altogether, or for context-aware recs?
i'm advocating there's not nearly enough research on moderating factors, context and unstable attributes in recsys
yesss i need to leave va for a week or so tbh
lmaoo please dooo we need to go out .. wen u turn 18 i gota take u to a hookah lounge
next is professional rapper by lil dicky
pusha man x chance the rapper
*new will smith movie alert*
i need to see this
just went and put the girl from everywhere on hold at my library because is the best advocate can't wait to read it!
thank you so much! you are too kind :)
when ur building a prototype that draws venn diagrams with multiple parts but ur fake data is too nice
throw that jank up on logo pizza
unfortunately, that target audience includes junior devs who can and should learn better.
well senior devs don't know they can have declarative apis that aren't xml by using functions.
i know people say physical home button is important. but hasn't the popularity of android proved that it isn't? they have 85% marketshare.
you're saying 85% of people who bought smartphones bought androids because they don't have a home button?
mexico largest exporter of illegal drugs poisoning and killing americans
let liberals die of overdoses. maybe the crack head with donkey ears.
to people citing 24 pts by bills o last night: two of those were result of two rolls of the dice, and the third was garbage time.
maybe it was a panic move, but that doesn't mean it's not deserved.
wow. mark cuban openly challenges trump on twitter to an interview worth 10 million
is he this idiot running for anything or just looking for 5 minutes of attention? he can get that ata massage parlour
absolutely zero jet black iphones even on display at the soho apple store
there were three total on display at wtc. i saw *none* of the people in the first 30-40 minutes buying one.
if the leading commentary was "this action movie has great cinematography and sound design, also charlize theron" i'd be there
yea, instead i was all *adjusts glasses* um, i fail to see how a pack of half-nude supermodel escaped sex slaves is feminist
faces i get. but bands? that's insanely dumb.
jibes with what we talked about the other day. apple rep told me in hands-on nike bands were exclusive to watch.
the following dlc has ubisoft-levels of content in it. i'm digging it. it's a bummer that so many of my friends slept on dying light.
you love dying light
nice. love a good thievery story
insert "why can't i steal all these limes?" meme with wern struggling to pocket 16 lines.
wow...that's incredible!
oh, just realized that came across wrong. i transcribed an english translation! i don't know chinese!
anywhere as cool as shredder?
not even close, i honestly can't think of who you'd get to fill the shredder shaped hole in the hand
is lean recommended alternative to raising, and how does it impact on the growth part
lean reduces cost per iteration. it does not eliminate need for funding or say "be cheap"
people who are genuinely curious bc they have interest in joining one of the groups and still get shat on they basically say
this kind of thing happens in more casual realms as well. god forbid you ask about attendance as a newbie
every reality show is centered around bringing the worst out of people
i'm talking about how drag culture is problematic, not about how reality shows are problematic
forget to tip our hats to bush and hodel for creating the mojave conflict but it's no more than a bump in the road. lastly, 4/n
some imports from (mainly) solar in adjacent areas of nv and az should be unobjectionable. 5/5
come , ali should visit too, we all can have a get together :)
inshallah , i do have to go to toronto in november
i mean it's quite literally pure alcohol so it doesn't have a smell... maybe you're on to something.
i usually always mix everclear. i'll take shots, but 2 is the max and they can only be cap-size shots.
yes, you are paying a lot more for prescription drugs (and not just the epipen): drug companies are raising p...
god bless you susan
new touch amor makes me want to die but in a good way
definitely scoping that after work. i love everything i've heard so far.
"needless to say" ;)
i see what you did there
please don't mess with the sound !!
are there problems with the sound on the streaming?
nice. love a good thievery story
also i wanna thank autocorrect for not thinking that "limes" is a real word. thanks bro
is lean recommended alternative to raising, and how does it impact on the growth part
so you get many attempts at success. with waterfall you get one chance for same $
lololol a few weeks
lmao im serious bro. jailbreak blitz like we're playing madden. worked for a few games but this is real life. has he changed it up?
lmao i sound ignorant ur the one tweeting someone who doesn't have a twitter . explain ur logic besides ur on some bitch shit
i can tweet whatever i want go tell him which you probably already did
besides its over now said he was born in america it's what everyone asked 4. so let's move on
it would be statesman-like if he would apologize to obama. blacks will not forgive him unless he does.
is it crazy busy out there this morning?
naw. not too bad. got in line just before 7 and was out by 915. things were pretty good overall.
which in turn reduces blood pressure. are you unaware that most of the elderly take preventative steps regarding these issues?
yes but most don't eat fast food. kfc yuck too salty.
this is my favorite picture rn, keep it in mind &amp; everyone else needs to as well. you're doing great.
this thank you leslie !
need two for the 3v3 prime, have a team so hmu
lmk my user is lmserrot
it's hard to stay motivated with side projects. but finally!
is that your sticker pack?
i thought i was 3 cool for this but clearly there's no such thing
my first phone call with jumin killed me
okay so that's silver samurai, and who's the other one?
lady deathstrike, basically evil girl wolverine but with knife fingers, she showed up briefly in x2 and had no personality
any personal attack or threats made towards her were definitely wrong (no way to debate that)!
are you arguing for victoria even after she apologized and took responsibility? that's kinda disrespectful tbh
new fan theory: when chris pratt is in a movie playing a character it's actually chris pratt playing andy dwyer playing that character
which explains why the only good chris pratt movie roles have been in moneyball and guardians of the galaxy. boom
network pools refuse to cover hotel tour
showcasing just how deplorably biased news reporting has become. disgraceful in a so called open democracy
and arrives but i have yet to hear it!
listen to the clip i sent to you privately the ballad :)
b2b and healthcare
ok...do you have paying customers today?
how un-american of you. no! you continue and you fright for who best represents you.
"fright" lol. it's bernie i gave up on. i'm frighting for jill &amp; jez (per twibbons)
got it. doesn't sound like a convenient layout.
bathroom breaks from the booth sound like a nightmare too.
our defense gives up 37 points to the jets, and we fire the *offensive* coordinator.
37-31... see, you guys just didn't score enough points!
everybody got a staring problem today
you're just that beautiful
i'm advocating there's not nearly enough research on moderating factors, context and unstable attributes in recsys
and i was hoping to provoke someone into giving me some good examples that i'm wrong ;)
nah. i just miscounted my limes. i only wanted 15. thought i had 15. i paid for 15. i had 1 lime too many
as you walked away did you throw a fist in the air while "don't you forget about me" blared in your head?
you tweeted an ignorant meme, i corrected you. then you ran away away to your safe-place.
no, dweeb, i just have no interest in going down a 2a rabbithole w/ hypocrites who decry a protest over a flag for a govt they
what trump just did is a disgrace.
does hillary embrace any issues that affect the well being of hard working american taxpayers? or is she just about votes?
i'm not questioning kelly's intellect or her legal credentials, just her bias and reporting balance.
stopped watching her.
found these guys hiding away in a drawer! five points to first person who knows where they're from...
ooh me, i know ;)
the trending algorithm is finally working
i'm going to @ your boss
as for coach rex ryan, i'm told this is considered his team. he has the full support of the ownership.
him and jeff fisher the woat's
can't wait to c u in a few weeks
not soon enough
im in thatttt bihh i wanna go 2 the club tooo sooo you can take me there as well
february about to be lit bc bae turns 21 so he can hook us up wit bottles
trying to report him &amp; the options i can pick are "this person is annoying me." thanks facebook. annoying me. lol
holy shit. actually i see no options to report someone for abuse. it's all about "spammy" and "annoying." what up
we needs to learn how to design our ideas and identify people with similar passion either on tech forums,events etc
yes, but passion is no substitute for stubborn determination. a little of both is perfect.
lime? da fuck is that? you mean those green lemons? nah. not a word.
"why can't i steal all these green lemons?"
i use wordpress, i don't love it though. it get's hacked all the time. i will one day move it to squarespace?
well, at least it looks good
this is the man responsible for giving up 37 points to ryan fitzpatrick and the jets.
makes no sense. that offense was efficient against a good good defense.
hi, i saw that u are a gym lover, so i encourage you to test my free app, it's called mytraining on appstore
you are severely mistaken
meant to support one author, and not another. apologies if it came off that way.
it's okay ashley :) i just add my two cents sometimes, it's not because you're wrong, just that i want to add on :)
your fav stat, what about poverty level, unempl., grad rates, home ownership, down, down, down in last 8 yrs
it's my favorite stat, it can't be skewed. you as a privileged white male are telling minorities how to feel.
you tweeted an ignorant meme, i corrected you. then you ran away away to your safe-place.
constantly accuse of being tyrants. i doubt you could correct a 2nd-grader's homework.
10 ways trump gives clinton an opening he guarantees birtherism will come up in the debates.
jennifer, can't come up in debates cuz clear tv record(msnbc, mathews, etc) it started in 2008 by clnt campaign trailing ob
when getting an "f" is good: claire mccaskill
still will never go back to mo. drive through mo. say nice things about mo. the state is sick.
they didn't seem to get in the throwing lanes. the plan for last,night was just don't be ourselves.. whelp they did.
yeah. it was really rough to watch especially since they seemed to have a decent showing against the ravens. now we have az
woke up to this last night from someone i've never talked to before!
did you respond with "not as ugly as your soul" ?
we needs to learn how to design our ideas and identify people with similar passion either on tech forums,events etc
also, don't design the ideas, design how to test the ideas
bring my baby to me.
lol you can have her , i will fly her to you to visit
truly thankful for you anthony being a huge part of our community. can't wait to see what you create w/ this.
is this powerbar project ongoing?
on set today for a new cbs crime drama! ...
"bull"? "macgyver"? those are the only two new cbs crime dramas,
the best advice there is that you just leave the area asap. i suggest an ikea ferry to red hook or just jumping off a pier
i'm going on a booze cruise for my friends law firm
and are apparently this year!
is that supposed to say "appearing"??
valid answers
lack of self love or daddy issues. that's most prevalent. lack of sexual interest in our partner (rly common)
so dumb, i can't think of a situation that'd be useful in.
its mot supposed too.. it was trippin
the struggle hahah . yess all the waayy
well anyways hope you have a wonderful dayyy
yeah. it was really rough to watch especially since they seemed to have a decent showing against the ravens. now we have az
who i would say without a doubt is a better offensive team than the jets
anthony lynn is the new oc.
oh shit they got beef
those people give roman fans a bad name like the pyscho dean girls who hate renee cause they're together
its why i stay out of the drama.. crazy stans everywhere, better to just stay in my lane lol
armed with everything i need it's showtime as i sit on the runway in lhr heading for ewr and a new adventure in nj!
hi ronan here in nyc for long city break surprising lack of free wifi something o2 excelled in !
circuit classics shipments staging at :
such excite!
q 10: what are the startup doing wrong when releasing the same apps into same market?
"me too" apps are fine. i have no problem with them. i don't think it's a great business, but it's good practice.
officially apple has 4 platforms: ios macos tvos watchos unofficially (yet) there are 3 more: imessage maps siri.
carplay healthkit homekit?
what, you are going to be quiet when they win? come on, if you are going to bitch you gotta give props. that was a good game
ha! come on man, i'm on the east coast for a wedding. didn't even pay attention to the game. one win does not a season make!
how else would you trade in? without loosing your phone for a few days
mail in old phone after activating new one. credit card hold of the cost to repair the old ojoje.
maybe it was a panic move, but that doesn't mean it's not deserved.
also, this is not a defense of the..., well the defense. yesterday was ugly for d.
q 10: what are the startup doing wrong when releasing the same apps into same market?
just keep looking for a big opportunity where you can create unique value.
moneyball, yes. guardians of the galaxy, hard pass.
boo why do you hate fun
did this morning. not right now.
oh okay thanks anyways.
you are so white for saying "happy" in the beginning!! hahahaha
"your wate and fate"... this laundromat scale judges character by body weight. shame on you, vintage oddity!
that or you get to make a wish and turn into a kid again
i was sooo much skinner around this time last year omg
slim thick life
guess trump shoulda thought of that before trafficking racist birther bullshit for 5 yrs.
karma is a beautiful thing.
****************************************************beginning oct. 1, 2016, massachusetts..
the persecution of the pilgrims (christians) who fled 2 mass fleeing religious persecution begins anew...
i hope you don't mind your article from 2008 is being used as proof hrc campaign started
not a muslim???? lol
meanest thing ever. (and thank you for the retaliation idea)
or post a fake craigslist ad saying you have free starwars memorabilia with their number. their phone won't stop ringing
divisions in democratic ranks. via
how much money has rebekah mercer given you to lie for donald as much as you do?
wouldn't knife fingers make her lady sabretooth?
nah, they're retractable like wolverines claws
i've been called and today.. what else is new.
gotta work, work, work, work, work! then you make it rain, rain, rain, rain, rain!
decided to give casper mattress a shot. me and my wife have been struggling with sleep. hope this helps.
please report back.
hanging with sucks tbh
ps ur shirts inside out
q5 what are some key health areas you may be looking to support now, or in the future?
a5 my heart, my weight, overall energy, i want to be as fit as i can for my kids!
when i tore my acl i felt like i was in mortal danger every time i shaved my legs. mom gives you a pass.
phew i was nervous there for a minute
. name monty williams vp of basketball operations. more:
wow. congratulations mr williams
randomly chose page today...hope this resonates positively &amp; the rest of your day is inspired
thank you javi .. much needed today. light and love to you! x
there are 50 coaches on the sideline but no clock guy. never made sense to me
if my friend is ever a head coach i'll be pushing for that position
holy shit. actually i see no options to report someone for abuse. it's all about "spammy" and "annoying." what up
i don't even know what this shit is.who is this guy,where do these men come from.
valid answers
then there's emotional as opposed to physical cheating ... which in my opinion is worse &amp; takes a lack of self worth
some imports from (mainly) solar in adjacent areas of nv and az should be unobjectionable. 5/5
plus as mentions, longer-distance wind imports become possible with hvdc grid (also big help for load-balancing).
where's jenny she can't come face me we were good friends at my daughter bday she was saying they were trying for a baby soon
she ain't got time for fake friends
trying to check my privilege &amp; stop being furious about this ridiculous delayed ship date. failing. i am a weak consumer in capitalist game.
guess i should go to an apple store and see what the phone i'm getting in 2 weeks looks like. .
huge thank you to for inviting us to speak at !
thank you for the great insight! very informative panel.
trump finally admits obama was born in the u.s. what now? cnn's discusses.
then in the same breath..says: well, hillary started it. come on. :eyeroll:
yeah they'll do that to you. especially the ones out here
my ass got so much homework and i cannot get tf up
we needs to learn how to design our ideas and identify people with similar passion either on tech forums,events etc
also...don't get people who are too similar to you. diversity of thought is gold.
when a meme tells me or suggests that i should share it, sharing it no longer becomes my decision. so i don't share it.
one of my pet peeves
i study authoritarian states. i know how this works. maybe he's blackmailing you. maybe he's bribing you. either way, his word is no good.
agreed, i've walked among the ruins of nations torn apart by strongmen like him who exploited sectarian grievances for power.
the only playlist that matters
omg can u make me a playlist i need new music
why salutes for his national-anthem protest
way to say it jessie!
i don't think greg roman was the problem when our defense made ryan fitzpatrick look like tom brady
i mean what did they fire him for? the inability to score 40+ points against a good jets d?
she got some
some jordan's it is
yeah, that's tough. shredder has an awesome design, badass gimmick, and personal connection to the heroes' backstory.
i could think of one guy who would fit and that'd be the mandarin
what trump just did is a disgrace.
obama should release his college applications as well as his transcripts so we can put this to bed once and for all
don't tarnish our flag by standing. just stay where you choose to be, with your worthless ass in the mud
wth is this guy &amp; why does his warped opinion matter?
marcus keep telling me i hurt his feelings bc ion wanna see him today but i lowkey don't care
tomorrow's a new day beloved lol
i can't talk about those days on the twitters. but in person i can spin ya some yarns.
let's just say i have very impressive collections of marvel &amp; transformers figs &amp; didn't pay much for em
yes 65 paying customers , we use recurrent billings....
ok...this is small and mid-size business i take it? web as a channel?
what patronizing champagne leftists covering brazil miss: scathing criticism from founders of lula's workers party.
vladimir palmeira, author of the article, was emprisoned by the military dictatorship and left lula's party after the 2005 mensalo scandal.
what trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. apologize to the president, and to the american people.
madam secretary, i admire your restraint. i'm afraid i lack that level of decorum.
you don't have any friends. (except me)
you're right it's actually just my band mate :(
here is the post i promised! here's how to not lose all your health history
i did this. waited 20 minutes. hit home button and saw "estimating time remaining" which one switched to 6 min.
i remember 3 years ago i changed a song on chris's stereo in his car and he got so mad and till this day he doesent let me pick music!!!!
yea that was when i was going through my stomach issues and i drove all the way to mastic to pick you up from the beach
hey if a beloved white lady author apologizes for something and takes responsibility i feel like it's bananas to argue it back? am i wrong?
like yo, her words. be proud! praise! don't try to backpedal on her forward motion!
here is the post i promised! here's how to not lose all your health history
not sure if i missed it up
so at what point does this become an-kind contribution from the networks to the trump campaign?
maybe after &amp; other media pay back millions in additional ad revenue from increased ratings. so, never.
the campaign is still live, yes.
i got a project ive been working on that may fit the campaign
apologize for what? i just said it is the pp's obligation/responsibility to question our leaders. all pp.
apologize man-to-man for questioning his right to be president.
that was around 2007 or 2008. he lasted for about 9 months before he started his own company. he loves hcg.
save that thought
castro can't fucking teach
we've had homework all week and i haven't heard her say it in class once so now i have like 5 zeros
so with these reasons you listed, why are women so confused at to why men cheat? lol we don't have the same reasoning?
women don't want to acknowledge the flaws in themselves. or they want to appear to have such strong morals &amp; not admit it
okay how does that even work like i just roll with it for logan but seriously how does that work
pym particles probably, or maybe unstable molecules
i'm not sure what this means at all.
i mean you can have declarative apis w/ fp techniques. presumably that's the attraction to jsx
my ass got so much homework and i cannot get tf up
lmao me &amp; my roomie a couple of years ago
i don't even know what this shit is.who is this guy,where do these men come from.
also,i get it, blocking him &amp; moving on etc. he's going to continue harassing other women.i can get away but i can't warn anyone else?
in 8th yr of a democrat's presidency, the republican nominee announces to the press that the president was born in usa. are we in a movie?
i've ben in an alternate universe; my head exploded bc of media spin legitimating head birther. i woke up. it's a nightmare
like yo, her words. be proud! praise! don't try to backpedal on her forward motion!
i swear to god twitter is bananas today.
tech biz is global irrespective of location, how can african startups maintain lean and compete global
tech is global irrespective of location but not irrespective of culture.
thank you rachypoo i love it hehe you should come visit sometime xoxo
yessss!! i'll text you after i'm 21 so we can go out
bunch of people lined up outside the infinite loop store.
are they selling iphones in there?
q5 what do you know about the great american milk drive? ad
they donate gallons of milk to local food pantries for those who can't afford it. it's amazing!
i know it... hopefully floyd stays underachieving atleast one more game... jon brown is gonna cause roby fits
right. now we have another fitz to worry about too because larry was on fire last weekend
cuban can't compete with trump and it's making him crazy
the cost of being a democrat. the establishment rules and the hacks cry out
who would of thought deja vu by post malone was such a good vibe song
me when it dropped
how good is this wow
a great parody would be asking, "how's my make-up look before i do my post scene interview?"
mt : anyone got any photos of obama showing love for the troops? i haven't seen any in 8 years!
henvr will respect military
that's good to know! they seem to have great mobile stuff too.
their online banking is really impressive. (switched to it from another bank because it was so much better)
tech biz is global irrespective of location, how can african startups maintain lean and compete global
still need customer discovery to enter new markets and understand different needs.
are you getting a 7 or 7+?
7+ ... too afraid to downgrade from 6+ :(
sean that's a tv show based on a series of fictional books
great lessons though
whyyyy do porn sites have a share to social media option? whos going at it&amp;thinks "man my friends&amp;family would love this"
i mean, ngl i still want to see that dolphin video....
love me pop star ariana, but jazz ariana is sick. written by ! japan always gets the best bonus tracks.
her "cheek to cheek" is coming!
this is exactly right and it's why treating this like a "pivot" is total bs
a key lesson of the trump situation has been that the media desperately needs to get less white and less male. coverage has been a mess.
need a music video / videographer? contact me now!
hello and thanks for the like! i think you'll get a better response from twitter followers if you tweet a few images.
panelists from and were invited to microsoft connect() -
ahh third friday . fun will still be had by all. hope you bring your appetite round me. just ask ;-) /c
hell yes!! do you just want a bit of everything? or specific genre?
lil bit of everything!
sending a mixed here? where's the apology? shameful.
expected to apologize for believing ? she started it (penn) you can't pull your wool over our eyes.
lmfao it's honestly the most retarded thing i ever watched
lmaoooo why she bending her fitted like that?? why she acting like she like the shit she doing???
nba 2k17 mycareer - off day john wall text to recruit gento? lifting weights + tattoo update ep11: via
fam do you know how to get the 92 dream in
i put this on fb, but i am going to stress how jaw-droppingly awesome this is by tweeting it to you.
i got three minutes into this song, then i had to hit the road. so far so good. i really like it. i'll finish it later.
it's not that bad if you have a 6s plus. it feels like it was made for plus models
they just added unnecessary stuff for the most part, complicated easy functions. i'm mostly angry about the music app
is it crazy busy out there this morning?
i think the line could've moved faster. were letting groups of 20 in &amp; seemed to have more room but could've been press shots
theresa!!!!! time to move into the kiriakis mansion
uncle victor will probably die just so he can roll over in his grave
this could be the best country song of all time... or the best 3-in-1!
without question 1 of the best songs that will go down in country music history! amazing talent!
fair and balanced flint pastor who told trump to stop his criticism of hillary. now you know the rest of the story.
of which you are not one of them faith green timmons
you dont' think they could hire some nerd on game days to help out with this?
def but it's not as easy as it sounds for a coach to give that up . politics
that's literally a good hour walk and about 3 miles good job.
yeah close enough it took about an hour and 20 minutes but was so worth it
wayne snapped
got that jawn yesterday.
furious media rages at trump: "we got played"
media on trump inauguration day: "doh, our bad. but those ratings tho..."
when looking at revenue, do i calculate my mrr
yes please!
i received threats from nazis and had to change behavior as a result. very little outcry.
i'm sorry eric, i didn't see that happen. please if it happens again, point me to it.
when purser gives me shit for not doing my homework
start doing your homework boy
there was talk about organizing a &amp; meetup. is the point person!
so up for that.
aw, that's exciting! is this litter from a friend of yours?
it's from a rescue actually which is even better
next month we need to try getting seconds. or maybe the king cut. for science.
challenge accepted
how is that possible? the most i sleep is 5/6 hrs
i hadn't sleep the last two days i had a midterm yesterday , and a paper to submit
i always start with doodling/writing whatever comes into my head but will try banning current projects!
report back!
very much enjoyed your convo w/ , hope you'll be back on soon!
thanks! loved being on the show!
the model a1661 and model a1784 models are identical, except a1661 adds cdma. its a perfect match. i'm royally pissed.
no idea why they chose to do that but i read up before my preorder
from what i can see that outfit is official
that's why i showed the internet
what's the point of the "pick up in store" option if it just means you still have to wait in line for hours? never again.
you should see the il1 store line
when looking at revenue, do i calculate my mrr
i would also suggest measuring % conversion to demo
when you get in your hot car on a hot day, put on the ac and hot air blows out
lmaooo every single day
99 days until christmas! do you shop early or wait till last minute?
much lower prices when you wait to the end! especially on clothing!
me to therapist: i'm writing a gothic horror book about catholic saints me:*finds this book in pile of free books*
i had a vague idea of how cool you are but this is even cooler
i'm really fucking with this ios update
like the music app looks 10xs better. it's so organized now
how many times in a season do coaches fuck up clock management? 50 times?
i've been talking about this well before twitter. wasted seconds constantly
yeah that's a lot it costs $6.99 on fire island
yeah it's $6.99 in this meme
when looking at revenue, do i calculate my mrr
is it freemium model? what is the url?
after looking at this image i have decided that new paltz and bernie sanders are cancelled
my favorite part of this picture is bernie sanders giving birth to more bernies
missing you &amp; lamo &amp; saturdays &amp; downtown &amp; your pfac shirt of course
i love you and miss you sooo much facetime date soooon!
can i just buy my shirts pre-coffee stained?
i'll set you up with the same company that sells my piss-stained khakis.
love breaking that morning sweat
and we ladies all over the world thank you for it!
my feeling: roman got the axe for the qb rex coveted not becoming a better qb. can't give up on taylor, so they gave up on roman.
let's be real, the defense looks better even when it is injured, gilmore and darby had uncharacteristically bad performances
i really dig the subtlety of 's marketing, casually sending this a few days later.
i'm staying in an for the first time next week!!!
yers, claims apple screwed up the update, so a new one is out.
the screw up seems to be specific to "carrier network update" part of ios upgrade. just fyi.
what sux even more is i have larry in my $100 fantasy league.. so if he scores it's a " yeah" , "shit" kinda deal
right don't know whether to be happy or sad
marines invade dr under trujillo, bring baseball, exploit resources on the island &amp; recruit men for their military.
dude died in battle too. plane crashed.
some special ed dude jus walked past me and stepped on my new white ass shoes and left a big ass mark on my shit idk how to feel rn
beat his ass
yeah close enough it took about an hour and 20 minutes but was so worth it
yeah no doubt. freedom tower is definitely a sight.
i think i wanna go to flamecon next year!!
you should! i was a fun time. i am considering of attempting tabling for the first time at next years.
i always start with a clean slate for my new phones. tempted to not even setup any email on this one. anyone go w/o email on their phone?
i never restore from backup. i turn notifs off on just about every app except texts though
thug thursday's.
lmaoo you know it
sugar should have won gabon. (feels face melt)
sugar is the unintentional russell of gabon.
reason to be friends with : berit
my mother is the
oh man! when facts smack you in the face by another country 5:30pm bst 27 apr 2011
obama or osama mean the sane shit.
kasey is a young karlie kloss im so lucky im friends with a model
i am deceased this tweet broke me i love u
lets talk about her lack of achievement as secy of state .. her failures like iran, russia, benghazi, advocacy
yes, agree, media wont discuss
have you ever thought to donate milk? ad
yes!! it's such a need and baby formula too!
hi mitch. hope you are having a wonderful day!!
hi brooklyn! my day is coo thanks! hope yours is too b!
what makes you think she needs them?
she needs more than them. she is on her way out! everyone is getting tired of her hate.
fml was 3rd in line at att since 430 and then they come out and say they have no 7 plus.
no one has them around here. adrian told me
charming. "i created a child with that psychopath. the forresters are in this predicament because of me."
bill still doesn't realize he's a sociopath himself, i see.
anthony lynn is the new oc.
good or bad news for watkins / shady?
i have had to do a complete wardrobe overhaul because i lost half of my bulk over the last year.
ah! so that celebration spending? different category in my budget.
the official instagram fitspo starter pack
ohhhh see that makes sense lmao
bathroom was actually right at bottom of steps to booth so at least that was easy.
haha. spa thought of everything.
thanks to for letting me use her citibike key today. i now have fulfilled by annual exertion quota! feels good.
it's yours to borrow anytime! (just hoping to get you hooked on so i can have a neighbor biking bud )
"it felt like watching a dictator be 'fun' on state-run tv" is the most accurate and terrifying take i've seen (h/t )
i honestly can't get over this. that picture of jimmy tousling trump's hair will be in history books.
thank oh so much! i appreciate it!
i really enjoyed it, you're so talented!!
donald trump backed off birther claims: "president barack obama was born in the united states, period."
blood no longer comingout oftrump's eyes,wherever, aboutobama's usabirth, &amp;'apologize'isn't coming out of his mouth.never does.
a source says trump broadcast pool just erased tape of his tour of the hotel in protest of bait-and-switch w no editorial access.
so now the broadcast pool has platte river network working for them too! did they use bleachbit? please report!
they just added unnecessary stuff for the most part, complicated easy functions. i'm mostly angry about the music app
aside from having a horrific aesthetic, it's way less functional than before and in some cases requires more steps to do things
love thisss
meant to do this
happy birthday athena ily so much you're a real one. hope you had a great day gang
thank you doug!! you're my fav, love you so much
jesus. be careful everyone. thanks for posting
thank you for sharing el!
email is the only feature that was removed, others are still there. auto deposit is now a very large toggle, look below your cards
android user i sent cash to had to add a bank account. and the toggle was recently turned off even if you had it on.
haven't seen it yet but i'm glad people are liking it! makes me look forward to seeing it
honestly it's feels like a leveled up version of origins, hopefully you'll really enjoy! lmk what your thoughts are after!
he finished it. so why is she bringing this up?
its all she could find in her attic everything else in there is her garbage! strong
i got way too excited buying a swiffer 360 duster today and it would be sad if i wasn't so psyched for my new swiffer 360 duster
okay but is it a nimbus 2000!? didn't think so.
to go down a size! so everything is too tight or falling down -.-
that sounds more like a win-win
sued for slanderous claims my g
he literally faked a pc giveaway but ok
who did that move first? ibushi or sydal?
oh... prob sydal.. don't remember ibushi doing that in japan...
he's one of my favs for personality more than gameplay (parv, yul, and kim 4 life!) but i appreciate the apology ;)
we agree on gameplay! i just felt like i couldn't go after him without apologizing to you. wouldn't be right
speaking in dc &amp; all she can say is how dangerous is, because she just represents more obama
if the shoe fits, it belongs to the bitch!
should i grow my hair out?
i've consulted with the judges, but the final decision is mine to make.
i never watched the saints and i dont watch the bills so idk. but he complained about personnel in no. now? time will tell
he had nothing to work with in no lol but he has no excuse for this bills job. he'll be on nfl tv soon for good probably
efron's cool by me, somebody go save this man.
, go get your boy from this fresh hell.
we have a naturalization ceremony here at today as well!
it's a beautiful thing!
good morning &amp; !going to be sunny,hot &amp; humid with showers as usual here in fla.friday.have a great day &amp; weekend ahead!
john!! enjoy your weekend and maybe a nice cold one..or two!
how this magic machine tricks you into seeing any car it wants
great article. thx for sharing
yeah, my bad or let's just blame it on spellcheck lolllll
no prob. i just wanted to make sure it wasn't "apparently" since that sounds unconfirmed.
my uncle said that he watched on here from bible study. my aunt thought he was using his bible app.
i love this.
rex ryan found his scapegoat. buffalo bills fire oc greg roman, hire anthony lynn, according to report:
i don't agree. what's looked worse? the d or the o? sure the secondary looked bad last game, but the d has made plays
when you double text and still get no reply
you would appreciate these pics
i'm low key hyped for the fall season coming up, sweaters and big jackets allll day
exactly
was it also racism when he tlkd abt ted cruz birth place or just racism cos bo is half black? ?
ted cruz was born in canada, so questioning that is normal. barack was born in us, so his rationale is sus.
i never watched the saints and i dont watch the bills so idk. but he complained about personnel in no. now? time will tell
i feel like this will be his last job
real talk. my everyday struggle.
worst shit dawg
i know that temple! been there :) cool fan :)
temple of kevin, right?
sjw triggered by student for wearing "unsafe" hat!
this is ridiculous!
it's my work anniversary. workversary? anniworksary? workiskillingmeversary? anyway, 14 years in the same place!
i should celebrate my workiversary on my kids' birthday. i deserve the cake more. they have the easy part. anyway, congrats!
yes, asking a question is definitely accepting an article at face value. thanks.
it seemed credulous. your're welcome.
irys so real. we hadn't seen each other for a few days so she came to see me at work and she helped me finish what i had to do for 2 hours
for free? dont fuck this one up donotrash...
we'd like to wish the one and only mike mignola a very happy birthday!
best b'day wishes to the original hellboy ! thanks for all that you do for the fans.
you can always count on kim kardashian to share some nudes on the tl
we good on her though
has anyone ever heard of a security deposit being a full months rent? i've heard $250-$500 but a full months rent?
welcome to ny, buddy.
put it in rice
what would that do?
i love everything about this thread.
i know i'm bracing myself for an anti-mayo attack, but i had to ask
clintons news network enough said
and your winning! stay on message we are close to victory. we can b excited let's not get cocky 54 days!
anybody else wake up and not sell drugs today? because i sure did.
caffeine is a drug too. and chocolate has caffeine
i haven't used the music app in 3 years lol
dog.. i would normally be a zealous crusader for apple music, but now that it's so bad i'll let it slide. it was great though
what is the biggest problem you have noticed with startup teams
they copy lean tactics they see other teams doing without any sense of what they need to learn for the business
he's throwing more tantrums than steffy
considering where he spent his childhood i'm not surprised.
this weather is better than unsolicited top notch booty snaps.
is it though?
the iphone 7
40 a month for 24 months- 7 plus 256 gb
maybe way at the outside there's yellow claw or fu manchu, but both would need super reworkings
though it'll probably just be the steel serpent or zombie elektra
what is the biggest problem you have noticed with startup teams
in other words, they have no learning goals.
thass deep. i can't beat up the special kid i'll go straight to hell lmao
find his bro and beat his ass then somebody gotta pay for the whites
can i add dawn to this. becky was a v.good player in a no win situation stuck with men who'd get more credit.
ok - so, i'd argue becky was better (but underedited) than dawn, but i agree with your premise
. my dad has dementia. my mom is his caregiver. i'm sort of a caregiver to the caregiver.
it's a hard spot to be in . self-care is vital.
update: we are making black &amp; whites so we also have those (ps peter told me you're avoiding sugar. bad timing)
i think a lunch excursion to casa del blairo should be in order.
the $50m+ she raised at those events can't buy away perception that she lives in a bubble and doesn't understand real voters' lives. (3/2)
she made the comments previously at an interview beforehand too
just reacting to the example you cited
i can cite examples from working at drag shows too.
didn't realize they had phones - i guess it's a legit apple store now though?
yup. i saw a bus dropping people off to get in line. lol
is james the liz this year? both van/steve would take her while saying they'd take each other? like nic &amp; paul
crazy enough no, paul doesn't want him anywhere near the f2, nicole on the other hand will take him.
lol hey that's me!!!
the favezzzz
so will trump follow through on his $5 million birther charity promise? via
he might promise to make the donation, and he'll keep promising until 11/8.
i hope everyone thrives today
. sending out positive vibes bc i just had a really good poop
hillary is liability to national safety &amp; security.
lie. and she is gonna win. how many more people say that dt is a disgrace? how bout u show those videos?
yes, i too have learned to never make enemies with a person who controls dragons, or fight zombies.
that's it? aww man, we gotta do a close reading. book club. is probably in.
i blieve ict nd jets are great catalyst for nigerian basic education but it is so difficult to push educational ideas
what are jets? i guess you are not talking about airplanes now.
accordion man is 6.1% abv, 24 ibus come in for a growler fill or a bottle or 2 to take home!
i will! i leave for spain on monday so i think this weekend, or even today, it will happen!
had to give it a listen. 2 good songs on there.
j.cole &amp; mac miller literally put me to sleep with their albums.
she was beautiful even when she cried
listen to lana del rey pretty when you cry
i never expected the adoration beam to be directed at me! thank you all. i love and appreciate you and your positivity.
i really admire your work, colin. you're a great writer.
just had to unsubscribe from over 1,000+ mailing lists. email is so awful.
a thousand?!
i would suck mary's dick
want to have sex but say no homo afterwards?
play your cards right, and 2k will give your your next man. go get what's yours sis.
i don't see the error. isn't this the equivalent of flowers, movies, dinner?
no, it is very much not. not as long as i have a tv show.
did he reveal the bombshell those investigators he'd sent to hawaii had uncovered? that's pretty important imho.
fri-yay silliness! caption this: best caption gets a $50 pact coupon code.
"yay! no one died, was poisoned or exoloited making my onesie! woohoo!"
can i add dawn to this. becky was a v.good player in a no win situation stuck with men who'd get more credit.
i agree that dawn does not get enough credit and that cochran benefited from/got credit for her work
listen don't play with my emotions because that would be sooo right
its lit. for sure lol.
i wonder sometimes if twitter auto-blocks like it sometimes mysteriously auto-unfollows.
would *prefer* to think that was a system-burp, rather than me having unintentionally offended that strongly ;^{
after five years of deception, donald trump surrenders to the truth about president obama's birthplace
did anyone hear apology from trump?of course not.he's not in2being appropriate.
just stumbled on a barney's warehouse sale in williamsburg...who needs 1 gear?
you should be here
the has them all logically sorted, so you can explore individual threads at your leisure.
is this all of them too?
thanks mitch
you're welcome! available at the site?
u act hood but hood nighas don't beef over social media. ur a pathetic individual with no thought process or logic.
the last thing i'm doing is being hood, but you came at me first? you should be thanking me for taking my time our to reply.
if you're not here at , my talk about 1.0 is also at i announced that i'm stepping down.
congratulations on a great run!
. please try.
again, you're the only word that matters to me. well.... +
jimmy fallon whatever, what about like literally every news-themed entertainment empire that has actively humanized trump for a year
i think people are reacting because some people thought he was cool (oops), the roots play with him &amp; it seemed a liberal space
it's either that or "wow that's crazy i could never live without bacon am i right everyone"
people who say they have no problem with vegetarians will say 6 different ways to make sure you know that.
might be for both of them
rex is definitely done
this whole "pros are elitist" nonsense sure crumbles quickly when you see dining at every night.
did he consider the pasta pass from
also these guys seem very racial stereotype-y. "yellow claw", like, c'mon.
which is why they'd need super reworking, drop the yellow and just the claw i think could work
i think obama should . so does , , . don't you?
if global gov'ts including us had nothing to hide they wouldn't fear a snowden
does this have any thing to do with six sigma?
concepts come from lean manufacturing, so yes-ish.
very offensive considering its 90% of my wardrobe haha
so you'd look like my shadow on 90% of our dates. that's ok with me.
at least once per day bluetooth crashes on my macbook and my only known remedy is restarting. anyone else have this issue/have ideas?
what model? had this happen to an older macbook pro. it was hardware.
got too fat after getting married. options are to lose it or own it. one option has pizza. the other, limitless social media love. what do
you can be fat and still have that social media love!
rep. g. k. butterfield of congressional black caucus pac on trump: "this is a disgusting day. donald trump is a disgusting fraud."
thaaaaats nice, and very appropriate. sad commentary on the state of bcc.
have been in meetings over the years when someone starts talking about "well, wave xxx" not realizing that was me.
ha! i did that once re: objc not realizing steve naroff was in the meeting with me. i'd never seen him before, only emailed him.
apples music app and itunes have been garbage for years in my opinion lol
apple music on the last version of ios9 was an awesome app. definitely miles better than spotify and tidal
better lit shot of my seaweed
those look awesome
shout out to last night's speakers &amp; 's own liza landsman! you rocked.
i had a blast!!
oh wow...ashleigh banfield is trending, apparently bc of how weak&amp;desperate she looks going ballistic over trump trolling the msm
she's having a tantrum on national television, that's what she's doing. she got pwn3d and she deserves it!
what patronizing champagne leftists miss: lula's allies scathing criticism of corruption and conservative politics.
author of article, vladimir palmeira was legendary student activist, political prisoner, left workers party after 2005 mensalo scandal.
trump has spent years peddling a racist conspiracy aimed at undermining the first african american president. he can't just take it back.
looks like he just did- your campaign is upside down
when was that proposed?
1980s i believe. im pei was the master planner.
we can't go from incredible classy intelligent potus/flotus 2 an imbecile fraud conald trump
djt is an insult to the office of presidency. he has lowered the bar for future presidents.
ppl think they're so clever commenting this. can i just roll my got damn eyes for everytime i see this comment. lol!
you have trolls! you're well on your way!
.1) $10mm to the charity of your choice if you let me interview you for 4 hrs on your policies and their substance.
get to see his girdle?
dominic's friend tried to come home with me today and dominic told him it was fine and i said no no no that's kidnapping
hahahah so funny, wait till i actually can bring his friends home for play dates from school
haptic feedback for in-app actions: really awesome. one of those 'didn't realize i needed that' kind of things.
is the haptic feedback governed by your sound settings or is there a separate toggle for it?
nuclear new build in the west? come on guys
well yes, let's not forget the other part of bti's agenda.
"you are what you've always been, a complete and utter disappointment to everyone that loves you." victoria
whoa! vicky can always cut billy the very deepest.
jimmy fallon whatever, what about like literally every news-themed entertainment empire that has actively humanized trump for a year
i think people should be mad about all of it, and i reckon a lot of the people mad at fallon are mad at the whole dang thing.
yay!!!! can't wait to catch all ur tears!!!!
ahhhh favs
clown show.
can't think of anything not obscene to say about cunning kasich.
does this have any thing to do with six sigma?
but unit of progress in manufacturing is a widget. in startup, progress = knowledge about biz model
: engage &amp; share your insights with us. we have so much we can learn from you. be direct. be engaging.
human,cultural &amp; systems diversity. the way we are, think, and do..
mostly a good step in the right direction for . looking forward to seeing union st. evolve.
also good on the city for not rushing to a decision on parcel 3 and instead making it a temp. green space. taking note from
you think you're in the endzone since i carried you there when you tried to stop me but i'm the only one who scored
but i roll with the giants so don't get it f****d up
come home
prolly not
went broke came up with the same niggas
i went broke... still broke
that could work. what's his shtick?
he's basically just a big evil science hydra-type organization (there are a lot of those in comics) centered in asia
i'm experiencing levels of joy.buh bye chuckie! pratt is out at the young and the restless; via
our show is going to be brilliant now!
. my dad has dementia. my mom is his caregiver. i'm sort of a caregiver to the caregiver.
i help mom w/bills &amp; take care of college aged son &amp; teen as a . is no joke.
omg you're alive lmao go find becky now, catch her doing the walk of shame
omg she's ducking it up
love this! could you share some of the questions you use in the launch conversation?
i wanted to share more but it's protected ip. i'm going to work on putting together some resources so you can make your own.
you fuckin with the wrong nigga
he had a pc giveaway, announced the winner, and a few months later the winner said he didnt get it, techsource said "no comment"
deliver us from port authority.
woman in row in front of me to seatmate: "have you heard of alexis de tocqueville?" fasten your seat belts, it's going to be a bumpy ride.
he's basically just a big evil science hydra-type organization (there are a lot of those in comics) centered in asia
he fought shield a lot in the late '60s &amp; '70s
i read the books while you were still in diapers, son. i learned my lessons from machiavelli, not martin.
i learned mine from martin, so i'm still waiting indefinitely for the rest of my lessons.
yes we plan on growing and on boarding more customers 25 are non paying...
ok....so the lean analytics book will be great for you. i also have a benchmark report here somewhere.
well there's your problem right there. that shoe is not designed to accommodate a cloven hoof.
lol so true so true
it was very lit but it's a one time thing
i agree lol it's just i see people complain they're broke or have no money and they go multiple times to vegas like
risk getting a pimple or fall asleep while driving? let me stop playing
flush with water. and get a no sugar brand.
i hate it when i accidentally go to the apple store and accidentally buy things
just like how i accidentally order munchery. such a travesty.
ok i'm sorry but they know filing foia requests is free, right?
time is money
if it was more than a frame, it would help. any one frame can be manipulated.
this frame was not manipulated. it exists and can exist only with chromakey.
i really have 24 hours to pack my whole life and i havent started im dumb
it's ok i packed the morning of
uve had good tweets .noticed ur an undergrad in .if u evr want 2write 4 get in touch!
thanks! i feel pretty good about writing in 140 character bursts but i'm def working on longer forms lol
this seems like it was a good use of your evening. sorry i missed it.
and you seem to be falsely accusing d-rose of "rape". there was no "rape", nor any accusation.
where r d laughings/hill's landslide victory celebration fucking mika?
the bunch of congress deplorables/misfits areall anti-trump goons!
y'all why my friend just said she don't like getting head.....
tell her follow me i'll change her mind
lmao same damn nigga told me he was gone send me a hoodie years ago
can i get a hoodie bro ?? it gets cold up here
breakfast in bed is overrated. especially if you're in a waterbed lol
i can barely type in bed. sure as hell don't want to eat there! plus, you know i'd have four legged company
take a deep breath. then start a fire.
i broke down nearing broad street and i've now taken shelter in a very bizarre and empty alleyway
i really have no desire to go to vegas anymore tbh... i'd so much rather take an exotic vacation with that $$ or travel throughout europe
which brings me to the point that like all that money u spend in vegas you can do so much with traveling elsewhere
but this congressional black caucus reaction is awesome!
what is it? i haven't seen anything!
2016 11" retina macbook (the usb-c one that isn't pro or air)
didn't happen to that one, but if they use the same integrated wifi/bt system it's believable
yeah, you're truly right but all sectors are simultaneously developing.
yeah, pretty exciting times for africa i think. next 10 years will be really interesting.
they are helping 1 person every 10 minutes. this is so embarrassing.
which store?
would you apologize for your right to question? that's crazy.
asking the question was fine--spending 5 years refusing to accept the obvious answer was demented.
line status: 8:30am-9am window, got here at 8:15am. it's 9:35am and there are still 15 people in front of us. good job, apple.
update: i have my phone, but they're trying to figure out a bug with the upgrade program. they're talking with someone from hq about it
i have been thinking for a long time about what a sweet, cold burrito would look like. choco taco??viennetta??
hm... maybe it's still a burrito, but it's pastor with pineapple. ya know. sweet and delicious?..
mason only took the job so he could tweet i work at vice.
correction, he took the job so he could tinder "i work at vice and what's your pov on frasier"
2 men take off with 84-year-old woman's purse in the bronx
i believe crime against the elderly as increased especially against women. the police department says it hasn't.
they added the triple cheeseburger to the mcpick 2 so i've upgraded, but yes they make a mean sandwich.
a knuckle sandwich
sports you forgot face. the rabbit like one.
sports...
a sociopathic, and also a woman with no personal agenda outside of a man's affections.
and what her false dad stick told her to do in order to save her from her destiny, god that was stupid
while doing these do i include bookings as part of my calculations.
i'm not sure....i'd need to see your business model. all metrics depend on that. but probably!
feeling lowkey overwhelmed
how in the hell did i do 3 years of college, working 2 jobs at a time and being in a school club?
protip: put lanyard strings on your dongles. cuts searching your desk/bag time by 50% and makes it harder to lose.
follow up tip: invest in hangers for your room/studio. decreases searching time by 95%.
watching blind race equinox
a quality drink for a quality fellow.
nice! i took that course too and really liked it. have you taken any others?
i will be attending coaching for peak performance next week.
wait, the fired their offensive coordinator?! this is a lot like when a surgeon accidentally operates on the wrong leg.
nepotism always wins. too bad greg has the wrong last name : (
totes! i mean me too. just like ... seems bit disproportionate as far as like actual impact or legitimization
ah, i see. it's seemed in line w/the rest to me, but it's possible (ha ha definitely) people pay more attention to entertainers
wow. ok, that is the meanest thing ever.
wasn't my idea. but i was like that's genius.
what job u got lol
lmao uzo and never told u
you guys - i've been out two nights in a row - like, in social situations
tonight makes the fourth night in a row and i'm like
wow at the gawker office?!
there are four corners
clinton: "my pneumonia finally got some republicans interested in women's health"
not true... it showed her weakness to be honest and upfront.
greg roman's offense would be a perfect fit for any pop-warner team looking for a new oc
i think i know a guy that would fit right in perfectly. already has the gear.
they are helping 1 person every 10 minutes. this is so embarrassing.
i've been here for 3 hours already, and got here 15 minutes before my appointment.
trump announces 'pro-life coalition,' supports making hyde amendment permanent via
how many wives do you have to have to be a pro life person, and outlaw abortion?
probably the best spot in oakland for witnessing the simple geometry problem of cars in dense urban areas.
lake merritt station is the most biked to bart stop and this should be a real protected bike lane. should've been included with new bridge
ok im into manufacturing i'm your keen listener
i think i have a doc around here somewhere i can send you if you email me tk at trikro dot com
congressman clyburn on trump: let's expose this man for the fraud he really is.
well said, congressman!
i stg every single person on my twitter tl today is a personerd
you're surprised by this?
and you seem to be falsely accusing d-rose of "rape". there was no "rape", nor any accusation.
she is simply a scorned prostitute. where the fuck did u get the conclusion of "rape" from?
, hillary started that conspiracy. so you for bernie?
that's not true.
his kingdom is not of this world and those making of him e.g. a social-political revolutionary don't know what they're talking about
"do unto others" vs. battle &amp; belittle-the walking embodiment of pre-christian might-is-right, f*ck/fight. seems pretty clear.
no good come come from being away at boarding school.
no good at all! his folks didn't even use the jet to fetch him home for holidays.
does he have claw weapons?
probably, people haven't really done much with him since then for obvious reasons
how in the hell did i do 3 years of college, working 2 jobs at a time and being in a school club?
how? also while having my heart broken and trying to pick up the pieces? how tf honestly??!!???
jericho! wassup :)
rip dave's mentions
the flagship sf one
ugh. hoping chestnut street is better...
in an ironic moment trump's set and backdrop just collapsed inside his hotel. no one hurt.
pretty sure the set and backdrop were completed ahead of time and under budget.
people are weird and isolated events sometimes blow up but like just comparing it to a year of cnn pretending trumps not a nazi
yeah, it's a fair point!! this business has gone on way too long.
you gotta watch the actual video for the song "featuring" snoop dogg
dude... just watched. holy shit.
woman in row in front of me to seatmate: "have you heard of alexis de tocqueville?" fasten your seat belts, it's going to be a bumpy ride.
btw these two just met on the bus i'm on, and seat mate doesn't seem keen to talk. this has become more of a lecture than discussion.
fair. but what makes you tyrod will be a better qb under lynn?
guess that is a wait and see kind of question. but i would bet going more spread will help tyrod
and i'm going to hazard a guess that she's never been the hand's ultimate weapon in the comics?
she's led them on occasion but never as some super zombie woman no
i can't see what ever waste of digital space that jonathan cheban tweeted and the kardashians quoted and i really shouldnt care but i do
having now seen the tweet, shown to me by one of my managers, my official statement on it is as follows: keep me blocked, jonathan
thankfully that bridge will have a bike lane in each direction when complete (and a path underneath to lake merritt).
still can't believe they included parking on it
yes, obama was born in america, but his dumb-ass policies were born on uranus
obama wipes his elbow after doing number two.
look at this dooofus! lol
that fucking hair
which apt number ?
aww shit-i didn't have an apt #. they said it was left on porch...
since 1995, only four teams with the best regular-season record have won the world series
and considering 8 teams make the playoffs, roughly 1 in 5 is a significantly better chance than average.
last weekend the beaumont bulls in texas took a knee now they are being required to stand
being required to salute: the american way!
those are fair and valid points.
if greg roman was greg "ryan", somehow i think he keeps his job today.
david "bobo" brooks. , you owe the nation for foisting this moron upon us.
my comment to times was published "david no mention of slavery? how come?"
how? also while having my heart broken and trying to pick up the pieces? how tf honestly??!!???
like i literally don't know how i did it and the more i think about it the more overwhelmed i feel
that stunt was the most vile, insulting thing i've seen this campaign season.
stop letting the trumpettes like kayleigh and corey minimize it on your show.
can i roll back from ios 10? my phone can no longer update apps as it won't connect to itunes store
not an ios 10 issue - same for me on ios 9. itunes is just fucked today
i think people like him should get in if worthy but no ceremony, no jacket, no press.
this seems fair. also put a red r footnote next to his name. a scarlet letter of sorts
yes but a lot of our onboarding is done offline which makes it hard to know the value of cac at times
no, thats fine. write down the offline process. find pieces to automate. still measure conversion %
well one day you'll save the magazine by being their last ditch cover.
it'll have candids from me with the fur blanket
can i have a kiss mom?
i want to kiss you too teddy! love the freckles!
i like her, zero dark thirty and lego movie, but to each their own.
i completely forgot he was in her, which i adore. but you can see how that could just be andy dwyer, right?
there are a group of people who believe snowden is part of a "limited hangout" cia operation to distract from other stuff.
ah, that's not as funny as aliens.
scheduling a 10:30-11am pickup for an iphone preorder turns out to be a 2 to 3-hour wait. haha nope. see you in a few days new phone.
&lt;seinfeld_reservation_scene.h&gt;
q6 why is it important to give back to people in need? ad
a6 it sets an example to others of what kindness can do, sharing our blessings goes a long way!
reporters shouting out questions, asking trump why it took him so long to say obama was born here. he doesn't answer any.
ashley, why are you not focusing on pow/mia recognition day? why can't the clintonnewsnetwork recognize that gold star mom?
i'm really trying to act softer (i need to survive this lab group) but this zionist yt man still acts so uncomfortable &amp; passive aggressive
maybe i should opt for silence.
my followers
brew install tcsh
if it was more than a frame, it would help. any one frame can be manipulated.
full video. go to 21:00.
woohooo! congrats to you! :d
i'm still not happy enough to show my progress but you're both inspirational!
this is explains why i somehow prefer andy dwyer chris pratt to hot chris pratt too.
i literally did not realize it was him in moneyball till it was over
sourcing the right techies is the easiest thing in nigeria owing to passion bt limited platforms available
what do you mean in terms of platforms?
i swear to god twitter is bananas today.
for those asking, someone is in my mentions telling me victoria schwab was bullied into apologizing which...i feel insults victoria.
hell jimmy wasn't even cosigning none of trump's nonsense so wtf are you guys bitching about?
he's supposed to just pimpslap trump upside the head and tell him to fuck off, i think.
honestly just responded to what i heard on the radio. but yeah, they're wrong too
i think it's time to listen to a good podcast instead..............
my brother was telling me about bobby schmurda being sentenced 7 years before i went to bed so i had a dream that i was his lawyer
i've been flirting with the idea of going to law school too
i'm baesic af and that you aint no liar
okay lol i'm confused but i'll agree
appears as tho roman is out. game is just too fast for his schemes. better fit collegiately.
agree fully. why i rt'd. i've been saying this about him for years.
i didn't like tidal at all and i'm okay with spotify
aside from app functionality and ui. spotify has no exclusive releases and pays artists the least. where as apple music
being apart of everything that goes on
ahhhhhhhh okay. so a lil socialite??
"a clear mind can still be in the clouds" -
saw his post and almost tweeted the same thing you go matt
&amp; all in one photo ~ god bless such talent &amp; beauty
god has sent us an angel...hello again mr.bocelli.
&lt;unsolicited opinion&gt;i thought he was fine in zero dark thirty, but this doesn't contradict your theory.&lt;/unsolicited opinion&gt;
(whispers: i missed that one and can't summon the will to watch it)
there's a reference to a p adams sitney article here, see if you can find it:
ask him about it on monday at there's something about mary!
bring this up on the 24th! let's get everyone sharing! :)
i have a pd i did for parents happy to share with you
maybe i should opt for silence.
can't wait for the day when my grades/ future don't rest upon how well i can deal with a passive aggressive shitty zionist white man
q 11 : what will be your advice to participating in this chat?
stop wasting time on twitter and go build something. ;)
you participate in oh my god, i most watched and already am loving, congratulations
thank you!!! so glad you like it and great to see all the support coming our way today!
. veteran wins gold in archery at rio 2016 paralympic games
so is this man supposed to be treated like a super villain since we aren't allowed to support anything american anymore?
survey-1/3 of americans think the constitution divides power but gives potus the final say.
that is how stupid our country has become
watch msnbc for a blistering trump attack from the black caucus pac
also on cnn
north american tickets are now on sale || do it up &amp; bring us home || in our bones tour part i ||
how do i even react to meeting you guys omfg stress on stress ?
i my friend are far from privileged, worked for hard for all we have, don't paint with a broad brush.
you're privileged. i'm privileged. because we worked for it doesn't mean we're not. we have it better then lots.
yep. everything available. it calls from the bungie api so it's every version of everything.
this is great! thank you so much.
rt &amp; follow for the chance to win 10 pint size heroes!
please stop making things, i'm so poor
they lying.
i didn't have an apt number tho....
bartolo colon would love to be back with mets in 2017
and we'd love to have you back !
we are thrilled to announce a $20 million series b round! thanks to the community for making it possible!
impressive!!! congrats &amp; team!!
see you at graduation basically.
the fact that we leave down the hall from each other tho...
i know for a fact this is wrong
if it is, then i would definitely like to learn that it is. not to be the "source!" guy, but do you have a source?
had pizza today for the first time in a month &amp; a half. instantly regretted it
smh who are you
not sure whether or not to do behind the scenes for season 2. anyone interested in that?
:o how dare you even ask!!!! of course i/we want this!!!!
well if he does then he'd be a perfect shredder substitute
he works because there's enough room to the character to add anything you want
ahh! thank you. i thought it was the day kevin seemed clearly upset over not sounding excited over concert tix.
you're right, that did play friday, because it was one of the best of kevin's meltdowns. for that see the june 21st cast.
ima sit on his face dassit
no we don't fw brothers period
i didn't like tidal at all and i'm okay with spotify
actually invests in the artists projects, so artists can be more creative and have more freedom to do things.
nobody, besides linda starr and philip berg. linda, who was a volunteer and large donor who helped organize campaign events. no?
berg &amp; starr were 2008 hrc "supporters". they did not work or speak for the campaign or hrc. supporters. just like duke to trump.
i talked with derrick rose's rape accuser for 90 minutes last night. this is her story in her own words.
you mean that you spoke with the prostitute who is suing d-rose. check your ignorance.
q6 why is it important to give back to people in need? ad
a6 we have all been down a hard road, and giving back is one way to say thank you to those who helped us
the fix: today a new low for journalism but for trump, he was the ringmaster at the circus. "it was peak trump."
it's amazing how his ppl behind him find all this amusing..
update: i have my phone, but they're trying to figure out a bug with the upgrade program. they're talking with someone from hq about it
and my iphone 6s plus battery is down to 9%, after only 4 hours of use
i like him a lot but we good lol
put one more genius in the room why not..that's what i love about chip.. the whole offensive staff has diff background
it's taking all of my willpower not to skip straight to the post-show when it promises "a special john siracusa rant".
oh, it's so worth it. and fwiw while i sympathize with i ultimately think will win the bet.
can't wait for the day when my grades/ future don't rest upon how well i can deal with a passive aggressive shitty zionist white man
and no, i can't document this shit and bring it to admin and expect them to care. lol. this is life.
i meannn... gynnanyccolorist at killed it. story coming soon to the...
can't wait to read the blog post :)
highly educated but making $20,000/yr
that's insane.i love ur talking anthro though my daughter's taking a class right this minute.we're figuring out how we're still
thanking you?ur just a basic nigha tatted&amp;not taking care of his kids the amount of time ur on twitter should be to ur kids lol
but you took time to lurk my old post, @ me and @ jenny you are sick. keep playing the kid card cause the shoe fits you also
for those asking, someone is in my mentions telling me victoria schwab was bullied into apologizing which...i feel insults victoria.
please do not search my mentions to find this person.
and don't give me that "spreading awareness" shit lol not you but the collective you
i'm gonna give money to people outside yonkers halal and when i ask to take a picture with them willingly get shot just for kicks
yeah she kinda sucked in the netflix show.
she's not that great in the comics either, i mean her defining comic moments are when she gets killed
watch: republican gov. kasich explains why he is at the white house to "support something that the president wants."
this is american values. this is patriotic. thank you gov. kasich!
just reacting to the example you cited
i actually did cite a different example as well from when i saw sharon needles make light of overdosing
football brunch sunday or are you leaving too early?
family brunch. maybe football after?
for a second i thought they were going to have a female do something heroic when kate ran toward where the gun landed. but...no.
what a refreshing change that would be
obama has had more muslims killed than trump. who's the bigger islamophobe?
- trump says he's using nukes. he's into really getting his numbers high.
i just know when i play melee with bad posture i get fat knots in my back and that shit hella hurts.
the struggle
just gonna...style...this one out...
with the cat memes, your new freelancing approach is assured!:)
highly educated but making $20,000/yr
stuck @ the sticks &amp; stones age?
oh, goodness. i know you didn't just post this on twitter. well, that's the end of this contest, lol.
whoops, my bad. you were looking good. want me to delete? for you i will.
. veteran wins gold in archery at rio 2016 paralympic games
very cool. congrats!
i was giving the benefit of the doubt, that maybe the tweet was unrepresentative, but nope. so that's cool.
oh damn. i know just as many hard-core female baseball fans than male fans. this is horseshit.
hi parents! as of right now, only about half of our classrooms have a room parent! what is a room parent you ask?...
do we have to be a parent of a child in class? or a volunteer from community? missing
did david duke donate or volunteer time with trump? the only people who talk about duke are liberals. republicans hate him too
no because trump won't speak about it. he doesn't have a good answer.
thanks for the follow christian!
looking forward to your tweets
is the monday meetup w/ going to be archived? cc:
no, there are no current plans to film this meetup.
am i the only one who likes the firing of greg roman? offense has been putrid over 2 weeks outside of a couple big plays tyrod made.
i don't disagree actually. the "bad d" was a weird day for the secondary.
healthy relationships form healthy lives
thanks fir sharing my article.
bamm! just pulled the "birther" rug from underneath hillary's cankled legs
the only thing that orange clown pulled was bullshit out of his old, withered ass!
so is anyone mad we fired the oc that came out with complete trash game plans? he's making hc money. roman failed w// his antiquated offense
roman was too cute for his own good.
chris brown's "autumn leaves" is pretty good. and kendrick doesn't actually ruin it like i thought he would.
...i think i spoke too soon wait.
here's where our sports writers will be on this football friday.
last week's tweet was more colorful. this one is nice and sleek though.
awesome week:1st delivers presidential unsc resolution on , now running w/
thanks your turn to deliver the real action next week!
"your view is wrong cus this guy called me a pussy &amp; he agrees with you" isn't great logic imo.
i've made lots of points but that's one. you don't think it's telling to note who one agrees with?
what we saw today will be every day of a trump presidency. but with, you know, lives at stake.
the media has to take some responsibility. especially fox
it's like if you were blackout drunk and i asked if i could take your car and you said yes. your car is mine now?
regardless, if you take someone's car, and the car is reported stolen, u will be arrested if police find you driving said car.
gonna be late for work cuz i had to pet this puppy for nearly 10 min
always acceptable
oh, goodness. i know you didn't just post this on twitter. well, that's the end of this contest, lol.
also if clothes are out, what should our next contest be?
pelase if you have epilepsy/ur bad w flashing colours dont wthc the leopard eys mv dsjhgf it almost gave me seizures as well
it honestly gave me a migraine every time i play it have to look away from the screen
the time has come boys. good luck out there, see you soon
thanks milla guy!
missed kylie's free shipping
nah babe it's still going on till 4
it's naptime! today's listen: "dualmono minuetsequels" on midori records (mi24)
!where it all started back in 2007!
please do not search my mentions to find this person.
but like, when an adult tries to set things right, i just feel like it's the height of wackness to try to walk back their apology.
if we discuss death, we actually have to accept that we are mortal and we all die. we are all, often, in denial about this.
yes. we all must face our mortality. sometimes i get 'the look' because i will say "i will bury my daughter".
so stoked for these dudes headed to slo rn. kill it down there and i'll visit real soon.
thanks maxxy
everybody had an opinion on the durant move but i didn't hear a peep about this lil "can you hear me now" verizon dude sprint flip flop
sprint didn't beat verizon.
why you gotta fight with me at cheesecake
you'd be surprised on how many people fight at olive garden
don't really care about nms but the lead developer outright said it was gonna be an mmo, it's not surprising that people thought that.
really? where? at most, he said "yes, but that's incredibly unlikely" when asked if players might bump into each other...
i put mascara on my eyebrows before in accident and i looked like a chola
lucky i had enough time to fix mine
q7 when's your next trip to walmart to pick up great value milk, del monte fruit fusions, lender's bagels? ad
a7 sunday when we do our grocery shopping!
i've been here for 3 hours already, and got here 15 minutes before my appointment.
youre still here?!? didn't they take you inside like and hour ago?
it's like if you were blackout drunk and i asked if i could take your car and you said yes. your car is mine now?
it has no relevance whether a person was drunk or not when they let you "borrow" their car. however, u did say you "took" the car
this was me
what did you end up doing? lol i'm lowkey pissed i might act like tomrw is a normal day lol
when you realize that everything springs only from yourself, you will learn both peace and joy. hh dalai lama
so it looks like neveradmitmistakes trump incapable of learning peace &amp; joy.
but reggie loves book gets into it a little
i'll check that out, but there is definitely a difference between staffers floating a bad idea and the campaign acting on it.
bring this up on the 24th! let's get everyone sharing! :)
check this out
what is going on? i come in to be like 'yo i got a new haircut happy friday and then:" o_____o???
i bet your haircut is great though!
greg roman just feels like a john fox guy. loves to run the football and has been really good at it as an oc.
i trust dowell loggains, but lets say he fails, bringing roman in would pair he and fangio back together
what are you talking about that movie was dee best
um goodbye there was too much feet going on there
i can't tell which girls are straight and which aren't anymore.
either way i wanna kiss y'all
i see you are a big man trainer? what would be some good drills for 7-8th grade girls post players?
same as for 7-10 grade boys. check out some on my website, and
will i be able to use my credit card to buy food in japan? should i buy some currency ahead of time? questions i should've had sooner.
def carry around cash. enjoy japan!
djs - what's the worst confrontation you ever had with a requester?
just before closing my set, the resident dj came up and introduced himself to me as "who hired you?"
can't stress how much i both love and how much i disagree with this. does article say pulling was wrong?...
polling is a directed art. questions, demographics, intent are the ingredients.
...on the bright side, there's still hope for the future. i'm optimistic about the igeneration.
yo ...there's literally nothing in the world that hurts my heart more than ppl being forced to eat alone
it's like if you were blackout drunk and i asked if i could take your car and you said yes. your car is mine now?
agreeing to let someone borrow a car =/= the car is yours. for the car to be yours, you'd need to transfer the title.
you got a lil cute booty(hella weird/random)
lmao girl i live for compliments on my non existent ass thank youuu
lame ass bitches actin' brand new. fuck you and everything you stand for.
hate when that happens
well maybe shouldn't have takin' so long to get it out to the public, nor was he the only one questioning
do you believe that mccain and romney were too stupid to notice that obama was not eligible to run?
my nigga who raised you rt : keep your baecations and dinner dates ..... gimme this
nah hold up, he could've done way worse lol
nah we've several routes to 270 &amp; marvel that clinton &amp; pacs pulled out of co bc media said look @ polls; race over
just get tons of lawyers in the philly area of pa where there will be tons of vote fraud!
and your documented birtherism? hillary invented birtherism:
you started it and want to blame it on trump. don't you ever get tired of lying. we are tired of your lies.
super pumped to see everyone's shots on sept 29th!
please please please have andy on as a guest reviewer.
which campaign staff of hillary clinton's questioned barack obama's birth certificate?
ari is spreading lies. it was just a supporter, not staff
heard you're at qu can't wait to see you tonight
yep! i'll be there around 5 or 6!!! can't wait to see everyone
please spam me with book recommendations for extremely long plane rides
are you interested in any particular genre? fiction/nonfiction?
definitely ruins it
he really did because the end of his verse rolled around and i visibly fliched
with so many remakes and remasters this year, we ask: what game would you like to see updated for today?
xenogears, that would be tremendous.
check out my awesome
wow...much wide color )
dilma's former senate leader+lula ally charged in car wash: lula's name deleted in 2005 mensalo scandal report.
3 pres. elections product of criminal activity-2006, 2010, 2014. there would have been no 2nd lula term. dilma wouldn't have been invented.
what are you talking about that movie was dee best
um leo get off bree's twitter smh
didn't fit in 140 but
hahaha yeah i can't say i've been there with kids but it sure felt authentic.
you have got to be kidding me...lmao not even remotely believable, even for the stupidest among us.
well, then you must be both pretty stupid and racist.
is it wrong that i'm bothered that they got big so fast?
technically it's been a couple years before they made it big but as i die hard fan i'm bothered a bit too
not sticking to my guns, by the way. i don't have any definite thoughts about this
universal diverging color spectrum = common scale &amp; highlight ohio &amp; iowa change (+ degree of change)
the level of her desperation and delusion is skyrocketing. she seems more deranged with every passing day.
hrc is owned by soros nowshe's doomed&amp;sick
bravery challenge: watch for me on hgtv
i not so secretly love that show! so cool!
so you're on twitter telling me to go to . i wonder what thinks about that
twitter is not easy for in depth conversations!
i myself had doubts. only because the media made a big deal out of it instead of saying it's the pp's duty
doubts that he war born in the us?
ok last question, i have a new product b2b around customer support but cust dec is hard cuz i don't know who i should be talking to
ok...there is an exercise to generate customer personas, but i can't do that on twitter. hold on.
see you there
it's goooou see ya there
that's my favorite track on that album
it came on the james black station!
miss you too have fun and make friends but don't replace us okay?
i second what veronica said
hey got my tickets in, let me know when you want to pick up yours
sweet! i guess if we'll be at a game before that we can do it
1,000,000 retweets and i'll make a harambe movie
everyone has to rt this
confirming what american ppl knew 8+ yrs ago when they elected the .
indeed! now trump needs to focus on the real issue: is ght really a native nyer?
the time baby wanted this pandora ring so i had the waiter serve it to her with the rest of our breakfast.
how romanticccccc
hillary calls on trump 2apologize for his birther remarks. will she apologize 4 her staff spreading that rumor when she ran vs obama in '08?
pants on fire. you should be ashamed of yourself. it was not started by staff.
1. loco 2. yadda yadda ft. 3. 100 $pank$ 4. hold on ft. n 5. flip 6. hood n***a ft.
sounding like a movie. what time is your set? lol how i have every song memorized
but but but... politifact fact checked it!!!!
ha! politifact sucks. this we know. i'd just never seen any evidence to the contrary on this specific thing.
am i the only one who likes the firing of greg roman? offense has been putrid over 2 weeks outside of a couple big plays tyrod made.
if the d looks better as the season goes on, might seem like the right call. lynn better pull something out of his ass though
it's like if you were blackout drunk and i asked if i could take your car and you said yes. your car is mine now?
u neglect to deal with facts. the fact is that the car's title is not in your name, thus u could possibly be arrested if driving.
playing iphone 7 pokemon right now... gonna catch em' all can't stop these mitts
guessing you saw the meme i made and tweeted you? haha!!!
was just kidding. prakash was about to tell something that shouldn't be tweeted, and someone said something abt live stream.
great! i was the culprit btw ;-)
my job late on paying me, again, for my physically demanding minimum wage job, in which i regularly have to handle human bodily fluids
if you have the ability and desire to send me money that would be pretty rad of you
a8. the commodity supplemental food program (csfp) is available for low-income seniors visit:
thank you for sharing this resource !
when i did marching band our drum solo was in 7/8 every yr
well, would have loved it.
nigga you kno . same online name but i'm boutah dip
i'm working rn anyway hit me when u on tho
ok last question, i have a new product b2b around customer support but cust dec is hard cuz i don't know who i should be talking to
try this article for starters:
papers please mr. trump. i want to see your letter from the i.r.s. indicating audit status. i have no proof.
don't expect sponge bob square pants to produce any tax papers cause he lives on tv
no. just a little misstep
i just talked to and we decided if wasn't coming to nj we'd have to call it quits '')
same. this mac joint is extra weak tho. i'm mad about it
i'll give him the summer jam w/ paak. his bars are sooooo mid tho
what is a gallon of pot
did the cops direct him to sell it at the citywide former goldman partners "medical marijuana dispensaries"?head shops 4 banks
i just played lancelot's we are i-chu for the first time and when issei said "hora" i thought someone was talking to me and got confused
is takamichi the one who said ladies and gentlemen
you have got to be kidding me...lmao not even remotely believable, even for the stupidest among us.
i agree with hillary.
did you even see the game? just two offensive series with more than 6 plays... just two... you know how many were vs ravens? 2.
i saw the 37 points that got hung on their defense that has cratered under rex. plays per drive is useless
hopes dashed by week two is about median for last decade. a little below mean, maybe
well, we can go apple picking next week or something
i just signed up for the st. jude walk/run to end childhood cancer. please consider donating anything you can spare!
that's awesome taylor !
hillary's support is like spring ice on a lake. looks solid, but don't stand on it.
weekend at bernies
pepe the frog, david duke, now - hillary clinton is a horrible candidate running a horrible campaign. period.
and your candidate is a filthy, racist, bold-faced liar.
ok last question, i have a new product b2b around customer support but cust dec is hard cuz i don't know who i should be talking to
end of the day, you just need to start by guessing and start eliminating different segments you try.
. calling for a cohort of colleagues at !
we're that cohort!
i'm going be here with you brother
the real kno wassup
it's like if you were blackout drunk and i asked if i could take your car and you said yes. your car is mine now?
if you agreed to return the car in one hour, &amp; you neglected to return the car, you could be arrested for theft if police catch u
the truth is the truth, no matter how painful or horrific.
it's in that painful truth that we learn what the human condition is - our vulnerability.
remonger for myself: dont let kali escape from leopard eyes they must experience it
i'll do a stream where we have an infinite loop of the leopard eyes mv playing
the iphone 7 has a random piece of plastic where the headphone jack was
jesus people stop mansplaining this to me
holy crap. i'm so sorry. maybe we should just switch back to flip phones.
this is embarrassing.
yay! guess who left his surface book power supply at the hotel again? me!! second time i've done this...
killer mixed reality background process. see and remember where you left objects, remind you when too far away.
marley got his oil changed, a full tank, &amp; now he bouta get his eye fix. lol
i hate how we personify him
wanna know something "funny?" until right now, thought it was "like the corners" not "light." you taught me something - again.
you two are blowing my mind right now.
trump has the electoral college advantage, not clinton
hmmm - 538 says only that there is a very low possibility of either winning without popular vote. trump's is slightly less low.
you could also start with their playbook:
maybe i'm missing a beat, but that seems to relate to the "he's a muslim" conspiracy stuff, not the birther stuff.
what part of its over don't you understand.
if you are assaulted, after the assault, it is over. is that your position?
i didn't like tidal at all and i'm okay with spotify
so overall they can provide a much better experience, ie chance, frank, etc.
ain't you in ny? i do want to work w ny ems
so come through.
ok last question, i have a new product b2b around customer support but cust dec is hard cuz i don't know who i should be talking to
this is called generative research...all you need to do is start and then get new ideas about who to talk.
drive to her house with his friends and the other party is blackout (not in a reasonable state of mind), it's not consent!
"not in a reasonable state of mind" is your opinion. it is not a fact that a drunk person is "not in a reasonable state of mind".
the fired their oc greg roman. but the put up 37 on the . rob ryan was atrocious w/the . am i missing something?
exactly what i thought. rex is like trump, blame others for his family's problems
hada ion wan hear it niggas did it to they self
mar your way better then that thou
admire him, but felt this coming 'day1' darla!
not to "hillary" him..but seemed a bit fatigued.
where do i submit my application
submit to me and i'll start publishing it out for y'all safe smashing
how did louis ck have a show at msg tonight and i didn't know??
he was on jeopardy ln
good morning. cars ruin cities.
yes, cars...not the park slope nimby townhouse mansions.
working my ass off to leave things settled but something tells me my phone will still be blowing up with work calls this weekend
there is an off button
this literally hurts so fucking bad oh my god
suck it up damn don't you drink vegetables or something
pot, meet kettle lady u can't stand unassisted never mind stand up 2 anything
you are making yourself irrelevant. afraid of losing p as president. thats all you care about
you could also start with their playbook:
not that that makes it remotely ok, and not that they two are unrelated, but it doesn't disprove what politifact wrote.
ah! so that's why you asked ;-). ok, good trick. now, a serious q: will there be recordings? or is this a live only tool/platform?
will check..
can please start a twitter poll to see who started ?
buwhahahahahaha... the republicunts started the birther bs because they're racist, ignorant assholes...
ordering prints/business cards for awa / nycc.. i'm going to bed now, honest.
see you in a few hours
or my talk on wednesday :)
absolutely. anything to help the ecosystem grow.
ok last question, i have a new product b2b around customer support but cust dec is hard cuz i don't know who i should be talking to
only way you can screw up is by sitting on your ass in your office. just go start talking to anyone.
i wonder if he has a sock puppet monkey
i'm going home i don't need this today!!!!!!!!
and btw, trump referred to me as "him" and said he did not read the interview.
has anyone ever attacked trump non-viciously? it's 0 or 100 with that guy!
. offers trump $10m for a one-on-one interview with "no one else in the room to help"
i'll channel the donald for a tenth of that :)
writing fire was all and headline fire i believe goes to
kudos to you all for the
briefly i thought "man seth roger got ripped"
rogen, obviously
. summed it up on cnn, calling trump's event today the political equivalent of a rick roll, which is pretty funny.
sopan, have not found you as part of the but it is well documented that is in bed with the dnc
guess which of the three cables news nets has aired no part of the cbc event on trump's birtherism?
guess they think who killed jonbenet is more important.they should just ask boulder p.d..they know.
ok last question, i have a new product b2b around customer support but cust dec is hard cuz i don't know who i should be talking to
talk to 5 smbs today and see where you are by tomorrow.
why do asian fashion brands struggle to wow the masses in america and europe?
this would be a take on pompoko by ?
i don't know what to do
reported the abuse to goodreads and liked all your five-star reviews. am looking for trolls to report now... be strong. hugs!
how bad is that guy at his job?
such an aggressive term considering they improved a bunch
i think some ppl go overboard with healthy food for kids, as long as limit sugar &amp; balance food should be ok
agreed - that's why i'm ok with them having pancakes/cereal/what have you. (i don't give syrup to the 2yo, though.)
which campaign staff of hillary clinton's questioned barack obama's birth certificate?
pathetic how trump exploits the stupidity of his gullible supporters. they think he's their friend, just the opposite.
this is a good tweet adam
i have my moments!
i hate you more than i hate this not rn
rt to save a life
i'm just strictly talking about app ui. the business side is a disaster lol i agree it
yeah, i think the last ui for apple music was great, and it's nice that it's easily integrated with the rest of apple products
hi there, just tested this on my end in multiple browsers - infinite scroll of video recs is loading for me... (1/2)
oh, and the whole android texting thing is fixed. thanks to great it'ing at hr!
you'll enjoy this read mainly: ""i mix and record everything on an old reel-to-reel tape machine,"
"occasionally i will bring home a jalapeo."
specifically sounds like america - midwest...my voice may or may not be included ;)
oooo! will do, thank you for the rec!
i prolly wont even be able to attend bc of timezones smh
i'd adjust my schedule just for you
hey i told a friend about and he was so pumped!
that's great! thank you!
woman behind me is complaining that a dude tried fuck her but a: she's a lesbian b: she's been celibate for 8 years 8 fucking years! how!
like this woman is 45 years old
i have the idea that these people like natural gas - dunno. look like hacks, i follow data instead
oh, bti? not sure if they're bought into "bridge fuel" concept. nukes are their main gig. hacks indeed.
it's like if you were blackout drunk and i asked if i could take your car and you said yes. your car is mine now?
the relevant fact would be that police find you in possession of a car that was reported stolen.
buying and drinking but in retrospect no reason for a school to have one.
yup - sam's school just has water vending machines and fountains for filling bottles. that's good.
nigga always calling me spiteful like suck this dick i'll show u spiteful
but you know your not don't let em bring you out of character
donald trump said pregnancy is very inconvenient for businesses, like his mother's pregnancy hasn't been inconvenient for the whole world.
as the owner of a small business, anything that takes my skilled employees away from the tasks i depend on them is inconvenient
level up x official flacko who ready?
the cover idea hard af !
and some days, like today, as prep work for sunday's pop up dinner at begins, i...
luv this!
many use traditional delivery channel s where they can't link the spend to results
that's a challenge. i don't like those channels because of that problem. you need big scale there.
appears to have won the soundbite award of the day re: trump's event/statement. my story on the hill:
joe your a reasonable guy. what is it people like about trump?
"we got played, again, by the trump campaign." - john king just now on cnn.
better go read it matt
my dad was born in poland. do you know how many people ever asked me whether or not i was born in america? nobody ever asked me that.
me either, and my mom was born in germany.
what trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. apologize to the president, and to the american people.
you should apologize for your endless lies to american people, fbi and congress
what happened to abraham his rich friend?
abraham had faith and it was counted to him for righteous. he was willing to kill his only son in obedience he wasn't asking
you got the
girl, "all night" just came on. yeah. i did something right.
and using the hyphen breaks the hashtag. this shows a lack of knowledge in twitter and apple
exactly. it's awful.
guess what! that's not what consent is sexually! if one party is relatively sober or sober enough to make the decision to
sober vs non-sober is subjective, and entirely inconsequential to consent.
uh guys that's not how this meme works
it's really now like the daily kos of the right. ab wouldn't even recognize it.
tom cruise owns
he doesn't make bad movies. except for rock of ages. that one was for him
admire him, but felt this coming 'day1' darla!
maybe la wore him out. age?.. cool cat though.:/
should designers lift?
now i have tweet envy.
wouldn't resort to it unless your case is really weak or unless you wanna shame the guy you're arguing with.
it's "consider the attitude of many people who agree with you... and examine whether you want to stand w/them."
do i talk to coys who would eventually pay for the product or to customers who have the problem of getting support.....
talk to people who have the problem for starters. then look for people who have the problem, know they have the problem...
: modern cigarettes deliver nicotine more quickly from lungs to the brain, making them more addictive than ever.
: will a smoker's tobacco-related risks decline if they stop smoking with ? .
if i'm still sick tomorrow i'm gonna be so mad hahahaha. 90's party, amanda meyer, a drunk backyard of hooligans i can't miss that.
if i don't see you i'll be b angry
ui vs artist initiative are two different things. that's up to the record labels etc
true, but apple also is putting in more money than labels. like they paid for drake to have an extra long set at staples
do i talk to coys who would eventually pay for the product or to customers who have the problem of getting support.....
you are looking for people who are looking for a solution. :)
remember when trump tweeted all three of these accusations on the same day?
this is silly
what happened to abraham his rich friend?
god to give him financial stability, he obeyed that's why god blessed him. and mind you that was a picture of jesus christ too
where's trump after his disgusting lies? of course at rnc hq in dc where he is always embraced. can you hear our cbc members trump?
he's pandering to african americans. i hope they remember all the other hateful things he said about obama.
i'll save you a seat!!
i'll be watching and brof... viewing party in temecula!!
i'm still working so therefore send info so perhaps i can sneak away while in williamsburg.
best i can do!
sober vs non-sober is subjective, and entirely inconsequential to consent.
"relatively sober or sober enough"&lt;--these are figurative (subjective) terms, not objective terms.
the of is backing a that delivers cooked
. thanks for the umi love
sent this to spox, to ask how he will fulfill promise to give $5m if assured pres. obama born in us
boom!!!!!!! he will need a loan for that.
instead of asking "do you remember me?" say "hi, my name is ---- we met a few years ago at ----" the cartoonist will thank you!
also please say "we met..." not "i met you..." so rude, as if it was a one-way experience. hear it everyday.
yep this album is a banger. on repeat today.
yes!! was pleasantly surprised at how good this album is.
send me the details and we'll try cutie! by the way, my guy coal says hi! kris.sanchez.com
it was last night but no worries. we are editing a short video. it was amazing. will send to you.
"he won't release tax docs, so we can't know what he's worth" hahaha you've got me rolling tax returns do not show net worth...
c'mon you know it will show enough info that he doesn't want revealed. let's not play that game i respect you at least do same
yeah just be mindful. maybe on a day you give pancakes you say no cookies eat fruit/veggies as snack. i think it's important also
yup. there's also no drink options here other than milk and water.
liberal writers trying to edit old articles where they wrote about starting with
no, that would be the orange babbling buffoon's (no offense to the buffoons) team.he's the culprit.
joe your a reasonable guy. what is it people like about trump?
short answer: he's not a politician. and comes across as candid even when facts aren't in line.
i'm done ur stupid yall started &amp; keep tweeting shit just stfu already with the tweets and i wouldnt be here to say something
finally i thought you would never stop seesh
rogue swen are doing a christmas werkend together
ns planned that too, but as you could see our skills to make plans are not the best lol
out curiousity really # a delibrate business model or a lack resources tht births innovation or both?
either way. innovation comes from the spontaneous collision of divergent ideas.
there are much larger issues to tackle, however.
what larger issues?
what happened to abraham his rich friend?
and i hope you're born again asking all these questions because that's the only way to get to heaven
yeah i'm thinking the bills are thinking the same thing
couldn't agree more, sam! jags should have taken him 3rd overall in 2014 instead of bortles, stunk again and got jameis!!
nice! this restores home button to ios 9's behaviour.
give it a week on the new feature and you'll appreciate it
i dropped the kids at daycare and returned to find car battery dead. scrabble to fix it or take this opportunity to nap in car?
is there a way to do both? call aaa and nap while they are on the way?
looked at the replies on that "which ow charas are most popular" post and tallied up the mentions seems accurate!
that -1 life omg
what a great invention the honking car alarm was. such a lovely touch in an urban environment.
and effective too
please let me know when you do i definitely want one, possibly 2
aight. i will.
guess what! that's not what consent is sexually! if one party is relatively sober or sober enough to make the decision to
there is no such thing as "sober enough to make the decision". there is only the fact that a decision was or wasn't made.
well-played by the master!!! msm outraged after trump tricks them to cover endorsements from military heroes
man outraged too bad msm ! clever is more like it. thats how he will do the deal as potus.
how to get the option to add image descriptions (alt tags) in twitter app: go to settings, then...
thanks for speaking about this feature for twitter robin!
updated mood: henny with red bull. cus hennything is possible.
best combination
this made me laugh way too hard.
when she gets shocked and asks "where that come from?!"
thank you for the positive feedback. we will share your comments with the lost and found dept.^dh
please do-they're miracle workers. possibly the best, most efficiently managed thing in the whole city.
i just watch the trailer of and im already a fan of you, cant wait to watch the show!!!!
thank you, so glad you like it!! hopefully someone picks us up soon and there will be plenty more to come
read the memos. it's one of the strategy points. penn proposes targeting obama's "lack of american roots."
that sounds more like flat-out racism than birhterism. "lack of roots" is a smear applied to immigrants very frequently.
they already offered those schools, plus air force - they all said no.
i think with the lifeboat out to see and the american's perception was best of the rest, it's more favorable
i don't even know what it is &amp; i can't wait. lol
bet it's the partner hopefully soon
he can always ride his unicorn named "adjusted ebitda"
lmfao!!!!!!
there is no such thing as "sober enough to make the decision". there is only the fact that a decision was or wasn't made.
does a drunk driver need to be "sober enough" in order to be arrested for dui?
washington post' confirms hillary clinton started the movement more proof dangit (video)
did hillary clinton start the obama birther movement? via
aw i hate when that happens! yes treats. boy he really holds a grudge! mine usually get over it quick
i'm going to thank mine for how fast they get over it. now, flea drops. that takes longer for them to get over.
robidas is now a part time consultant with the . per , he has not skated in a year.
like yankees with ?
happy birthday miss &amp; luv yous
thank you love bug
to tell kids why these decisions are made so they get into habit themselves of thinking when to treat themselves
that's the most important aspect of it. eating nutritious foods needs to become habit.
thanks for the awesome shout-out on our work with oakland, !
of course! awesomeness births more awesomeness!
thanks! we're really glad you like it.
spending nearly all my slack time on this channel. amazing productivity improvement!
this is a great guide helps narrow down who i'm talking to
good, i think i have some more articles on on personas, but that is a good one by a friend.
i am truly honored and grateful for receiving so much support from our american heroes...
i listened 2 the entire press conference. as a veteran, i really appreciat.their kind words+strong support they all gave u
they left you
my manager didnt want to give my the days off to go
he's gonna give me a spare copy of getting started in electronics for my kids; raising next gen of makers!
very exciting!
leading the birther movement is deplorable. attempting to say it "did a great service" to the president who trump attacked is asinine.
you should be reminded of your lies and innuendo
that did work out nicely. what did you do with the extra time last night?
i wish i had a better answer than 'fuck all'.
but what about the sorry piece of cheese toast
that made my soul cry.
isn't it terrible business for a political candidate to open a high profile business in dc? doesn't he guarantee no dem customers?
former reps make terrible lobbyists, but their chiefs of staff make much better ones.
hilarious! fighting among themselves &amp; rep using "racist" in 2011
did hillary clinton start the obama birther movement? via
stop it, i have bad waiver positions in all leagues.
this is why you should only be in leagues with faab waivers.
what song are u listening to right now
outside by travis scott and 21 savage
i need spontaneous friends that are down to do wte whenever lol
you have me
july 5, 2016. the day started movement in 2nd presidential election.
did hillary clinton start the obama birther movement? via
he can always ride his unicorn named "adjusted ebitda"
we need this to "somewhere over the rainbow "
when is that street fighter colllab droppin tho?
it's not tomorrow?
absolutely not. should not allow a school with that - same reason they won't get invite
byu's honor code is only an issue to the because of what happened at baylor.
buffalo bills firing oc greg roman, per league sources. roman was nfl's top paid oc.
greg roman keeps getting oc jobs, even though he not that good.
i think you played a small part too! congrats!!
congrats all it was awesome!
hoping to start ww rollout of 8.0 on wednesday if no last minute issues discovered.
my body and my car is ready.
oh man! when facts smack you in the face by another country 5:30pm bst 27 apr 2011
did hillary clinton start the obama birther movement? via
drive to her house with his friends and the other party is blackout (not in a reasonable state of mind), it's not consent!
you have this whole scenario going on regarding "friends", but it's irrelevant. all that is relevant is consent.
this is a great guide helps narrow down who i'm talking to
also, get this book on how to talk to customers effectively, the mom test by
to quibble with you: someone was in public office, and someone wasnt.
but trump was using it to set up his run. intro racism, to be followed with mexican rapists.
july 5, 2016. the day started movement in 2nd presidential election.
did hillary clinton start the obama birther movement? via
i think its cute. i like him giving quotes and such, you should write a book.
oh hun nothing he says is inspirational in the least. (kendall, it's cute when fans kiss your ass)
penn station is so confusing
the 4 and 5 were under construction last weekend. i couldn't find the 2 or 3 for the life of me at fulton st
oh wow. clintons puppet in 2011 hillary supporters started . disavow or "dont recall?"
did hillary clinton start the obama birther movement? via
unwinding a lie: donald trump and 'birtherism'
didn't say he'd donate $5million to charity for proof will that be in the
when i got my iphone 4, i pulled an all-nighter in line from 1am or so. brought two bottles of &amp; cups, made a party of it
apparently you need to camp out for preorders now too. used to be instant pickup.
that sounds more like flat-out racism than birhterism. "lack of roots" is a smear applied to immigrants very frequently.
saying "he's too foreign to vote for" is despicable, but not the same as saying he's literally ineligible due to birth.
there are times that i look at and i get angry because his jokes are so beautiful and i will never possess them.
you are my life, you are my breath, i love you. let me have you.
i'm pretty sure i got curved, better try again just to be safe
an update: yes, i was curved lol
question? who started the birther issue in 2016 pres election? we know hillary campaign started in '07
did hillary clinton start the obama birther movement? via
roberto firmino misses out for tonight due to a minor groin strain
well there goes my fantasy team. spent good money on him last week too.
you're more than welcome to go to clinton campaign and ask for an apology. they played very dirty in 2008 campaign.
lol, it's sad when you support someone that you can't defend without deflection. i see your done, take care..
i'm tired of it being curly tho
do it like sunday its gnna get puffy and then u just gnna end up wetting it again
will do! :) awesome and very helpful interview, lori! can't wait to read your new books!
thank you both!
on my way to 15min behind.
oh man... this is still a thing. i should join next time!
check out all cameras film something else, while uses a green screen?
here is hillary at her podium.
y'all we gotta save this precious dog from the rape defender in my mentions
you need to keep your knees together when you are black-out drunk.
looking like the for the jets...
future maybe. he's still 3rd in pecking order but jets pass enough where he should see consistent involvement
israeli soldiers murdered dozens of pows in state's early years, affair was hushed up
why do you have to print all the negative about israel? shame on you
coal miners work for a living. what do you do in your ny bubble
coal miners have not worked in years. mt top strip mining killed them. i worked 41 years in 9 states. you mofo? .
for me, walking into an important audition is the same exact anxious feeling you get right before a fight...
adrenaline to the max!!! get em!!
paying traction is value customers assigned to product . non paying traction is never sustainable
hmm...non-paying customer is an oxymoron. non-paying user can be ok depending on biz model.
thank you to everyone that came out last night!
hey jamar had an amazing time at drom last nite your new material is extraordinary thank you 4 everything your
do you ever get wine in a coffee bar?
an irish one perhaps...
flashback friday to the time this past new year's day when me joe and rod watched some fire nature visuals along w/ random fire tracks
we gotta do that again soon!!!!!! that was hella fun
won't be watching if will cain is on! he is the worst analysts!
y'all see these likes. i need to be the one to win the debate contest !
epatient show &amp; tell: what is keeping you going right now? me: tens unit for .
i totally am having cluster shadows and want to take a pill but am soo embarrassed to sitting in here.
dude selling $2 cigarettes tried to get my number talking about he could be either a blessing or lesson. then told me to take a risk, nah.
that's an expensive cigarette lol
why is it so hard to find good genuine people
i'm a good genuine person
thank you! i can't wait for you to read it either! :)
i always support good books and friends, so i'll definitely help spread the word!
awesome! i look forward to seeing them.
thanks for the kind words and rt - hope you and andy are doing well.
lmao sorry i couldn't do the punch rally lmao
it's okey. you still gave me some footage to work with which is all i needed in the end.
ricky was going to cook us home made ribs, mac &amp; cheese, and corn on the cobb but it's going to be 95 degrees. oven on? nah.
just stick to beers and tacos.
is it acceptable to silent treatment your mom if she votes trump knowing full well that her daughter is considered a jew to neo nazis?
the reason you are considered a jew is because you think drunk sex "is rape".
to celebrate, the play-doh brand invites fans to share what they imagine life will look like in 60+ years!
60 years from now in play doh! would be fun to see what kids create!
i loved reading that comic a few years ago. so poignant. had no idea at the time it was written by !
yeah, i've read it once maybe every 6 months or so since it debuted!
they fired the wrong guy whose name starts with "r-o".
didn't know offense gave up 37!
ima go over rn loco changin
no work hmm?
are you saying these buildings need to be redesigned?
and what is the new representation for flash storage? and are these buildings now just "spinning rust"?
they also did that too. people forget how racist and full of dog whistles the '08 campaign was.
for sure. but again, that's not birhterism. if you're arguing it fed the same shitty racist impulses, then yech, agreed.
i already feel old af, though.
i'm older than both of yall.. shush
and i really hate the language in the article from the so-called nutritionist. 'cheese *counts* as a meat.' ugh.
what. oh hell no.
trump has admitted falsehood about obama. i give rudy credit for pushing. hrc has been sick,but bither-ism has been sicker. 5 years of lies.
but he perpetrated a new lie in the process. why should he get kudos for this?!
paying traction is value customers assigned to product . non paying traction is never sustainable
as i guess someone with an ad exchange knows first hand :)
morning poetry! poetry from the new 2013 ebook version of slanted moments sf....
thanks for sharing my work and supporting bay area artists. best. ;)
yeah loved centurion in sfo. less of a perk in nyc.
gonna look into this chase sapphire, can any of you get a referral bonus from me somehow?
what branding? lol i didnt even know they were touring, makes me think people are buying tix from pure curiosity
they're riding the "alive" train straight into the ground honestly
i got some of this back when. ppl felt i was just covering my ass. which is their right, they don't owe me faith. still.
i get the impulse to not trust when hurt? i also get the impulse to protect a fave. but just, ugh.
livin it up!
omg is that your dog?!
update: fled. i yelled "where are the details of your charitable donations!" at volume of man warning of volcanic eruption.
sponge bob square pants lives on tv so does his look alike donald j trump
how do i get a non student credit card without any credit history?
secured cards are a safe, low-fee first credit card.
video: us special forces being ousted out of al-rai in northern by turkish-backed fsa
it used to be tr/ us vetted/backed fsa, now just tr backed? alliances chance quickly in that region and us out of its depth
ordering take out instead. global warming problems.
hahahha its beautiful this time of the year for us. 70-80 degrees. nice breeze. sun. clear skies!
reminder as we discuss trump's birtherism: is on the trail today campaigning on behalf of
he hit the hornets nest today.
thanks to my top interactors! via
thank u albert!!
. has emerged from this election as one of the most important people in american politics.
prove it - get ohio to elect clinton
how many cocktails were consumed?
i only consume drawn butter when eating lobsters :)
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
you and your family are such lying pos you make me sick
what would you like to discuss on today ?
listening closely. like your questions. have already learned things. this your next job
new sneakers from work. i love free stuff. :)
i love that top!
the weekend is sooooo close, y'all... what wins/cool things happened to you this week? everything (big/small) counts
first time ever confusing a nexus i had it perfectly confit the first time!
also which house are you at i'm dropping a present off
my moms and i'm leaving at 5
could you help me pls?
@ happy to try if i can!
maybe la wore him out. age?.. cool cat though.:/
way things look 4 deblasio, i'd do 4, darla!:/
this is about tyrod. they thought they found the guy but he regressed. plus sammy &amp; woods nonexistent
true but you don't think two weeks is an overreaction
when is 100yrs old a hatred will still hold congress committees on
thanks for the
this is officially the first time ive gotten mad at a teacher for expecting too much from their students. they r fuckin doing too much
but i got no choice other than stay and wait it out! gonna be goddamn busting my fucking ass over this shit!
we need to
cum to sf beast
check out clair temple and misty knight's luke cage posters! sweet christmas it's lit
omg i'm loving the poster design on these, i want to frame these!
knew something @ didn't ring true, , , : passenger, not carrier, pigeon's extinct.
"each pipio stuck its black beak in drink, sucked/ up continuous drafts of water/ (bird-unique; all others/ gargle at the moon" -jack collom
i'm an aspiring computer scientist. i've recently come across cellular automata and wondered if that's something worth learning?
yes, i think so!
damn! the 'secret' is out!
you need to add to your onboarding: (writer) can produce awesome memes? (editor) can distribute awesome memes?
we appreciate your time and value added at the today
k...i have to go to a meeting but i'll answer any other questions a bit slower.
birtherism is what launched trump's current political career. it's what made him.
i wish it could end his career!
quick thinking.... i had to pause 3 times to catch this
haha, this is great!
beers &amp; pizza is the plan.
i'm always down for some pizza. i'm crashing this party.
week 2 survivor pool picks and analysis
good read. i'm trying to do the unprecedented, and that is winning a survivor pool in back to back years. ok, enough about that
what really hapend at embarcadero last wk. racial profiling, police brutality, this has it all v
exclusive: public defender's office files motion to dismiss judge in arrest trial v
found an old earthbound br review, . "the childish atmosphere can be a disappointment".
i think that's the gamepro review translated!
started this and forgot about it for two years but here it is: minimalist posters for mary-kate and ashley movies
passport to paris is perfection
obama is around 55%-58% approval. is there an obama supporter who is planning on voting trump? i'd like to find this individual.
probs around 5% of the bros is my guess
trying to get my mom to day drink w me. "it's only 2 o'clock marissa" mom that's prime time drinking hour.
you should do unnecessary consumption with her... and or funnel a loko off the roof...
i actually think this might have been the final straw for many in the media - they're tired of being played for fools by trump.
the black caucus is not happy either, he is dividing this country something terrible
i just discovered an iphone feature by accident and holy crap it changes so much for me.
you mean the hold selector thing?
i see you've built a regex tester, but you may also want to checkout
thanks! this is also an excellent one:
fidi is epic. just look above the people at the skyscrapers
i spent a few minutes crying on broad street til i found a dope alleyway to take cover in
how will "pitch" cater to the hard-core baseball fan expecting authenticity while still appealing to women?
i don't know about the rest of the authenticity eschewing gals out there, but i demand glitter and musical numbers.
sent this to spox, to ask how he will fulfill promise to give $5m if assured pres. obama born in us
love how you do not capitalize the t in trump. he does not deserve it, he is low life scum
i keep telling you i'm just a bit to old for them. however, i can't still pitch
can or can't? always room for pitchers.
i am truly honored and grateful for receiving so much support from our american heroes...
the crazy old white racists. you are a disgusting human being ugly inside &amp; out
at the big e get the turducken sandwich at the home of the turducken
i'll be hanging around that tent next friday
my pure lifestyle??
lie again, hoe.
john king: "we just got played. we just got played. and voters can decide what to make of that."
voters are being reflected in recent polls. dylan, you need to read art of the deal,
obama allowed his publisher to print that he was born in kenya. what a racist bigot!
&amp; the quickly vanishing are the most racist, ignorant and dumb people in the us. you're on top of that list
i tried to find a pic of me &amp; megan as kids but i realized we were indifferent about each other then bc we had a crush on the same boy lmao
i thought you hated me
agreeing to let someone borrow a car =/= the car is yours. for the car to be yours, you'd need to transfer the title.
as for drunk people transferring title of their vehicles, i am sure it happens all the time and we would have no way of knowing.
hol. iknow u enjoyed the "i birthed you."
hold on i'm catching up!
modern alchemy: researchers reveal '' performs as at the researchers from the...
(cont) simona murph's gold-rust hybrid nanoparticle has apps in hyperthermia rx, enviro cleaning, imaging
heinous, but made so much better by the presence of andy dwyer.
that would have helped. i was so horrified by how deeply un-charming they made him
i just discovered an iphone feature by accident and holy crap it changes so much for me.
i discovered that recently too -- essential
sorry for all the cat pics - in my defence, this is the first time they've been brave enough to sit on my lap.
it's the internet, silly- cat pics are always welcome &lt;3
hey mathews remember when hillary queen of said obama was born in indonesia
so why does fox news keep lying about this.she . she clearly broadcast that she thought he was indonesian! stop lying already!!!
1/4: the weekly twitter-chat begins! asks, "how do you make theatre in a small town or rural community?"
1. wondering in what rural spaces you've seen/organized theater work. would love examples of spaces/towns/cities
when is 100yrs old a hatred will still hold congress committees on
thanks for the be well be safe
... and already covered in fingerprints,
. maybe check out the microfiber 'suede jacket' from sfbags. inexpensive and helps with the fingerprints:
no human being should ever have to question why their best isn't enough
totally agree with this.
i've just realised that the face i recognised at atomico's summer party was yours, apologies for not saying hello!
i was super distracted too or else i'd have said hi first! :) let's get a coffee soon in london
i just want to stay in a nice hotel in santo domingo before i got to punta cana lol
stay at dominican fiesta... legit hotel with a dope pool in the middle of downtown
thanks for making the new scripted cable series of 2016 for women.
congratulations! so awesome!
he was pretty good in zero dark thirty. i didn't get an andy dwyer vibe from him, but maybe you did.
here is the thing: i love andy dwyer
hrc camp bringing up his kenyan roots strikes at that (in my opinion). trump just turned the volume up to 11.
the two things are intimately related, in that they're both xenophobic, islamophobic, and nativist. (1/2)
may have to shift to get more car dst exposure on fanduel. currently heavy on sea, bal, sd
anthony davis is the backup t. he played 3 snaps in the opener.
week 2 survivor pool picks and analysis
one thing about the ravens (my team in real life), they stink on road no matter how poor the opponent. also one thing you didnt
the press right now - "trump tricked us into listening to war heroes. outrageous"
and on pow/mia recognition day we were so appreciative of (aka clintonnews) &amp; covering these heroes!
are you home and do you have gumbo
i gotta see if u could slide tho only savannah allowed to come ova cos she practically lives there the baby born now
donald, why are you still a birther?!
he's a racist pig deplorable
as for drunk people transferring title of their vehicles, i am sure it happens all the time and we would have no way of knowing.
there is no legal requirement that a person "not be drunk" in order to transfer the title of their vehicle to another party.
i told my bf we definitely have high standards when comes to gaming. he agreed *bf boots up goat simulator*
goat simulator is so good though &lt;3
breaking update: coffee is excellence
you should be eating your coffee cc
jesus. trump is now taking reporters "on a tour" of his hotel. this is real life?
he strong armed a cnn female reporter and wouldn't let her come. media said they won't show any pictures
the things i'll always remember about shawn horcoff: - lol oilers - he had the same contract as iggy - drugs that's it - shrek face
he was one of the top players on the best oilers team of the last 25 years and got booed by hometown fans.
well for starters my bday was on a sunday and i had to be at work at 8 the next day. i went to church, lunch then home
omgggg well shit at least you got a good service &amp; hopefully ate some bomb food lol
im usually pretty okay or i guess willing to go w what teachers want but this one literally made us do a 34 question quiz on the syllabus-
and it was really fucking intense? we needed 100% perfect score or we get dropped but like it was obscure ass shit
lost in shuffle this am - trump attacked cosmo and reporter who interviewed ivanka/asked her about trump statements
was surprised ivanka uncharacteristically got flustered and hung up on the reporter. she's usually very professional &amp; composed.
eva longoria shows off her toned legs in skintight jeans as she rocks low-key chic
love the shirt, casual but classy at the same time.... i want one! :)
1.) stop sleeping on popstar. 2.) after you watch popstar, savor the amazon reviews.
andrew sandberg (sic) is a plague on our youth and our ideals
at promo posing as campaign event, trump ends obama false theory and starts new false theory re clinton
trump is just a pathetic troll.
at least they had some display models... so weird.
fewer display models means more for us. (a display phone is just a phone pulled from stock.) wtc had no 7+ in jet on display.
if you have any hot tips about this case or want to invite me to italy, my email is open!!
i heard the thief was last seen wearing designer genes
rt drjillstein: many countries are moving to free higher education. why is it getting more unaffordable in the world's richest country? ...
wekend st props up hillary
what's the old guy from the office's name? creep? crevice?
creed he was my senior quote
my birthday is on monday so everyone buy me guac
update: no one sent me guac yet but i'll easily accept jars of pickles too if that's easiest for you all
well for starters my bday was on a sunday and i had to be at work at 8 the next day. i went to church, lunch then home
at this point i'm like all i wanna do is get my nails done, look cute &amp; go out to eat
but i want the plus /:
ill get you one if you date
if you had to pick one to have never existed who would it be?
i'm not doing this with you. all 4 are extremely valuable.
you can't coach heart. my question for anthony davis if he still has a passion for the game!
team should probably just move on at this point. doesn't seem like someone who really is all in.
is there any documentation on p5js and es6?
i don't think there is at the moment, but this is definitely a topic for future discussion / work. check github issue threads.
posh afro-kawaiicore
idk how i feel about white ppl dreads tho tbh
there is no legal requirement that a person "not be drunk" in order to transfer the title of their vehicle to another party.
i imagine that alcoholics who get a dui, sometimes end up needing to transfer the title of their vehicle to another person.
week 2 survivor pool picks and analysis
mention, mcccown threw for 457yds against them last year...in a game. yikes, no thx. i was leaning oak, then started leaning..
hey, i wrote this! short new comic with same artist coming today
oh wow, i'm prescient as heck!!! (i look forward to this mightily!)
a complete guide to new york comic con next month:
haha yeah,,great "guide" more like,,generic things that any1 can google in 45 seconds
and it was really fucking intense? we needed 100% perfect score or we get dropped but like it was obscure ass shit
i got points taken off bc i didnt use my intuition to understand extra credit doesnt make up for forum posts!!!! wtf!
leading the birther movement is deplorable. attempting to say it "did a great service" to the president who trump attacked is asinine.
do ur people fact check? u know you've been outed and confirmed as the og birther, right illary? come on
paige! the poems (strings of beads) arrived and are beautiful. thank you &lt;3
yay!! so happy-- would love to see a pic at some pt
the bunch of congress deplorables/misfits areall anti-trump goons!
when hillary/all liberal media run out of issues, they turned on racism!
i'll be rooting for my this season but i'll be loving &amp; forever for this tee
t-shirt design by
the two things are intimately related, in that they're both xenophobic, islamophobic, and nativist. (1/2)
but only one implies there's a conspiracy, and only ones frames the obama presidency as literally illegitimate. (2/2)
cool new company , let's you create a personalized time-released vitamin just made for you!
checkout lifesaving born from nonprofit a new supply/value (un)chain-supply/value web
bro - did you miss trump saying obama was born in the us, period.
after he was forces he's ugly inside &amp; out spreading lies &amp; hate for years deplorable
public relations professor is reading a dilbert cartoon panel for panel at 2 in the afternoon on a friday why @ god
out loud. he is narrating a cartoon strip about bland corporate shenanigans.
surely rob can't still have a job?
justin's up to something.
but hey, maybe my brain's being dumb so i can save money. there's a bigger plan here
nah you fucked fam
you can't coach heart. my question for anthony davis if he still has a passion for the game!
with that being said, hope he's ok after that concussion.
this is legit worse than an actual dick pic.
but that is an actual dick. on so many levels...
i'm just trying to hit the shop man
pick up for me too
i see lean as dependent on stage but does it always cover milestones that require inputs like expansion?
is a set of principles about eliminating waste &amp; foucs on learning.
i get these types of tweets from trumpkins every single day, but i've been told it's wrong to call them deplorable.
you should report them to twitter
lmao how much was it
sweats marked down to $409 and everything is 75% off
happy belated 21st birthday to this little guy!i hope you looked like this last night! miss you buddy!
omg lol thank you!! i miss you too buddy
teens armed w/guns: we've had a few cases this week of teens shooting guns. your thoughts?
oh i guess tha cops ca't tell a toy gun from a real gun i guess the fucking cops are stupid . they kill another fucking kid
... and already covered in fingerprints,
. check out the microfiber 'suede jacket' from . inexpensive and helps with the fingerprints:
you are right! it's absurd. they are both absurd and willing to say anything to get attention/votes
u are all about this false equivalency bullshit. sound like cnn
retweeting for anyone who lives in the area &amp; can attend. and besides, misha is a beautiful human.
thanks love bug. he is pretty easy on the eyes, isn't he?
week 2 survivor pool picks and analysis
nyg, now you're convincing me to just take carolina and call it a day. thoughts on those 3?
looking for sr android developers, ui/ux designer &amp; sr ios developer. full time job for a mobile advertising platform.wrt to sr.
sent email from leads.com id kindly check and revert back to us
"best oilers teams"
could use "the only non-laughably bad oilers team of the last 25 yrs" interchangeably
"yay! no one died, was poisoned or exoloited making my onesie! woohoo!"
*exploited*
another russian dissident poisoned in britain but this time uk seems to cover up for moscow.
how many die in the west?
i see lean as dependent on stage but does it always cover milestones that require inputs like expansion?
it is stage agnostic. i work with many &gt;$1b companies
read it. it's so gross. that's a person who doesn't like children nor cares about their needs.
on what planet does cheese count as a meat? if so, i need to move there.
thanks! did all the work.
i thought that was him in the photo.
this &amp; collab needs to happen, way too psyched for it.
what!!! is this real?!
absolutely not. should not allow a school with that - same reason they won't get invite
honor code is one thing, any religious-affiliated school that follows their religious doctrine is no different.
would it kill them to make a $5k donation to charity?? seems petty.
5k is probably half their payroll
so fun! you can listen to "sky high" from the cast album here! listen to this violins! &amp; adampascal
loved it! i'm getting the album!
drake gotta remix d.r.a.m.'s "broccoli." would be the most epic trolling ever.
he'd do work on that beat lmaooo
after trump non-ambiguously says obama born in usa, press essentially vows to chase trump to gates of hell over birther issue.
these are just bringing millions and millions more to support trump! the media looks like a 2-year-old today! sad
i have found it: the worst tinder bio ever
omg he went to my college dox him plz
new course at university: how to get rid of this is what idiots want to happen....
that is not "berkeley university." it is the university of california at berkeley.
the give me something hes said in the last year that would make you think hes racist, dated a black woman for 2 years
so? screwing black women doesn't prove someone's not racist. slave masters did it all the time.
college football is an abomination and i stand by my earlier assessment.
yes times a million
judge curiel rules trump university class action will begin nov. 28, denies motion to delay
a president trump would have the judge in guantanamo by then, not joking.
somehow this latest stunt was what caused the media to finally call out his bullshit!
amazing how easily (1)trump used the media or is it (2)the media only cares about ratings? i choose door .
lmao how much was it
obviously since its barneys they got other shit too l, everything cut extra 75%
maggie, you can't call it false unless you've fully investigated it to include operatives peddling it to media, which happened
hey mike, it's false. trump has been peddling this horse shit for years and now he's trying to deflect.
this is very helpful. looks like ca still has lots of land for utility-scale solar power.
and new solar will be increasingly distributed, in or adjacent to urban areas.
probably but the schedule sure looks like 0-4 then probably 5-11 if they don't shake things up. tyrod regressed big time
where does he go now though is the question with a running backs coach as his oc
"hillary clinton, style icon? the unexpected inspiration for women's spring fashion" by
i've always said that hillary is so couture. her style is awesome! and classy as fuck
there is nothing worse than using the verb "screenshoot" for "take a screenshot" i swear
"needs fixed" is worse, but it's close
half of the models were black fyi
thanks, i didn't see any. fyi, actually i was more upset about his ignorant statement about black women's hair.
nothing i enjoy more than random people stopping to ask me my ethnicity.
that's so invasive and rude. it happens to me sometimes. usually people asking if i'm "spanish".
thank you baby, you're the best. i love you
i love you too
i want to buy either lego force awakens ($45 on sale), forza 3 ($60), or firewatch ($20). what's your vote
firewatch is a good time, i'd go for that honestly
good morning portland!!! where the party being made?
hurry up and come to sf already so we can party
"...a woman!!!"
"i've been dead once. it's very liberating."
to be clear, trump spent five years riding a racist lie into natl politics. today he admitted the lie. and the race is basically even.
admitted the lie by proffering a new lie
what support are you offering nigerian startup
i have office hours here but it's a bit booked up right now:
read it. it's so gross. that's a person who doesn't like children nor cares about their needs.
these kids need protein at the beginning of the day. even peanut butter is better than that crap.
the tape is back
can't wait cuz expect you to watch all 82 games on my couch with me
this screen is gradually being burned into my laptop monitor... :(
open world is ddos'ing =)
it's turned into a behemoth of joy
behemoth of joy is going to be my queen cover band name
idk i havent seen any post about it?
damn that probably not. watch them make it a japan exclusive smfh.
i'm down to go next friday
that's the game plan
most think eric going to oakland is a thing, believe me, it is not
ricky you don't know jackshit stfu dude
1/4: the weekly twitter-chat begins! asks, "how do you make theatre in a small town or rural community?"
2. asking because i'm interested in coordinating performance/art in remaining agri/rural spaces of brownsville, tx
but although a ( ha!) it added to ppls already strange thought obama is a muslim.
no argument that it was irresponsible and harmful. i think you're arguing against a point nobody actually made.
also- any record shop tips in miami? first time for us here!
wynwood, miami is cool sb shops there, indie scene. i traveled from ny
*sword &amp; planet vibes increase*
im into this
wishing our floral partner a happy 22nd bday!
thank you very much! the countdown to the fun-filled day has begun! can't wait for next thursday!
at trump's next press conference he will admit canadian pm is a "total babe".
and his policies are an improvement over previous right-winger.
clinton's campaign slogan is literally the meaning of the word "fascism"
how exactly is clinton a fascist? i'll wait.
: 5 tips for resigning without burning bridges:
ivanka is quite a woman! her work ethic and smarts she learned from her dad. her eloquence of speech is most admirable.
i was just eating food outside of chipotle and a cop threatens to give me tickets because of my car being modified
your car is stock tho
this is the best moment of my life
i was the special consiglieri on this decision to "come out"
she literally accused him of rape.
no, since if she *did* "accuse him of rape", then there would be a police report. there is no report.
people filing their nails on public transport
hell if i could get just by filing my nails i'd do it on public transport too
i remember saying last year trump wouldn't make it out of the primary. but i believed the media would treat him like everyone else
and ever since the start of that election season, the media has given him passes for every fuck mistake (w/ kid gloves).
so sad... i will but i just wish hey would get it right!
that's. very subjective thought. you should show them who's boss and just be like, yo, i'm gonna make your maps!
dont know anyone who can do that kind of turnaround; your best strategy, take all of client's docs, sanitize, dump into provisional
they're design apps. thanks anyway!
get it right now
i'm looking at other models first
it is now time to tell me which sweatshirt to buy
the 2nd one is dark blue fyi
doodle has figured out that if she tugs on our sleeves, we'll instinctively lift our arms. our rat is training us
watching both rats collaborate on moving large quantities of soft nesting stuff into their sleeping pod and i'm dead of cuteness
i'm not *actually* complaining but i'm *sorta* complaining. i want to be relevant!
never really caught on. shall we try again?
the south park national anthem episode might be the greatest thing ever.
i couldn't stop laughing
no, since if she *did* "accuse him of rape", then there would be a police report. there is no report.
if u are making such a claim, then you should be able to cite the police report filed against d-rose.
q: i don't want cookies for reporting trolls so i don't tell authors when i do, but does benefit of knowing you have support outweigh that?
i love seeing people (if they have the spoons) tweeting that they've done this, without expectation of response/thanks.
it's not a conspiracy. it's campaign tactics, smears. same as that remark as kennedy getting shot.
birtherism is a conspiracy theory, full of altered documents and cover-ups. that's different from a straight smear.
trump today: 270 words on his hotel. 67 words on birtherism.
when trump university reopens, there should be a course on trolling. djt should personally teach the master class.
economic empowerment! see my priorities (photos). what are yours? + join me, tomorrow!
. local businesses are great! how will you help to ensure we highlight small business opportunities? ?
just a few more days
can't wait!!!
wow i haven't got shit except melo
i have more sapphire players now lol. my entire bench is almost sapphire
you can have non paying to test value addition but you are only in business when people can pay your value
i would disagree. only payment confirms value, but customer/user can pay with time, data, or $$
smiled at an elderly woman on the train today who replied with "fuck you, don't smile at me."
when's the wedding?
i'm so stressed out i can't do this anymore
love you tay keep your head up girly
sebastian medinas getty is invite only!!
i repeat invite only
today's goals. 1) bother at work. 2) bother about work 3) bother about his work
pitch away, bro!
where is this tweet? i went to their twitter feed and don't see it? i don't think bernie actually said this.
it was a paid promoted tweet. like facebook, you can run ads that are separate from your profile content.
that's really neat!
wow. i didn't even notice this.
oddly, some people of color have doubts that america's police have their best interests at heart.
well trump just lost the vote.
if u are making such a claim, then you should be able to cite the police report filed against d-rose.
unless there is a police report, then there is no accusation to even speak of. ergo, 'accusation' is moot.
the msnbc split screen of the cbc unleashing on trump while his plane flees washington is quite something.
i had exactly the same thought. who cares about an airplane?
america demands you to take the rest days of your life off.
hillary should keep our mouth shut give it a rest we r tired of her nasty vicious insults let's hear some policy
news that davis has a concussion means that 1st round pick og joshua garnett is next man up as swing g!
if you remember, davis was moved back out to tackle after guard experiment failed. learning curve for garnett just got faster.
rep. sheila jackson lee on donald trump: "we will not elect a chief bigot of the united states of america"
mommy donald won't apologize, now donald you apologize now!!......now donald!....now donald!..ok i'm sorry....mommy mommy...etc
the game -- diss track threatens 'snitch' meek mill ... wants to bang nicki minaj (audio + video)
what you think!
guess i'm seeing my favorite man alone tonight but it's worth it :)
lmao me at flash alone last night for black asteroid
i just made a masterpiece *heart eyes*
you have the best tweets
this is what happens when you grovel for an interview and lose all sense of journalistic ethics. yet again, it's oz.
ethics and oz have barely a passing acquaintance.
i love seeing people (if they have the spoons) tweeting that they've done this, without expectation of response/thanks.
i think saying "no response needed, but reported" is a great way to show support and take work out of responding to mentions.
the give me something hes said in the last year that would make you think hes racist, dated a black woman for 2 years
his comment about the mexican judge was hella racist. that's just one instance off the top of my head.
with largest backlog since wwii, pratt &amp; whitney will hire 8,000 in ct
blame malloy
you know it!
hell yeah
yeah ios10 sucks but at least i don't have a fucking android
iphones are trash (sent from iphone)
what does that mean when a dude lets you know he's from brownsville?
"quit playin b you know you gotta fwm because i'm from brownsville"
dem elites rigged primary for candidate polling worse against trump; now looking for scapegoats if hrc loses. will dnc take responsibility?
dnc and their legion of media lackeys have taken finger pointing to a higher art form..the hillary they sowed they shall reap
thanks!!! we back very soon
whennnn????
but makes it impaosible to share their comment threads
on facebook, just tag someone, they'll get a notification to see that post
he embraced the birther movement &amp; tried to blame it on hillary...
how in the fuck does being a "birther" make you a "racist?" left wing propaganda! brainwashed parrots! lol!
i think saying "no response needed, but reported" is a great way to show support and take work out of responding to mentions.
then also, because twitter is so performative, people will see your actions and follow suit.
cry harder.
i'll wait for the videos of you and your kind bawling your eyes out when is like you did when romney lost,
here's cnn's fact-checking trump's claims about clinton starting
this is an excellent summary of trump's despicable promotion of birtherism.
i'm off work today and the kid i normally work with at work cried for five minutes because i'm not there today my heart oh my god
he's my boy this kid is the light of my life lbr
so lott, the city of oakland, and alameda county are all wasting their time?
jason cole is a fucking idiot
they know it's false, but if that moves the voters their way, then seen as legitimate means to an end.
this got syntactically weird, as twitter conversations are wont to do. what's the "it" in that sentence?
i am only on twitter so that i may converse with my guidinglight, big shooter.
appreciate it.
the 10x intern
clap clap clap clap. what a delight!
so how is the phone? jet black 7 plus right?
went black, but jet black felt great! exactly like the iphone 3g. the 7 plus is... huge. but cool! home button is weird.
btw these two just met on the bus i'm on, and seat mate doesn't seem keen to talk. this has become more of a lecture than discussion.
trump argument up front has since subsided. everyone is sleeping now. except me because i thought afternoon tea was a good idea.
authorised apple retailer. sometimes clarity over accuracy
as anyone who has *ever* worked in an apple store will tell you - those are not the same thing.
it is! it's so ridiculous
i love hunting for all the little easter eggs, too. i died the first time i found the "ninja turtles" in the sewer!
i am such a fan of 'poors should be grateful for this garbage' from same mentality of 'cant feed em dont breed em'
yup. same vein as "why should they be able to buy organic with food stamps?"
it was a paid promoted tweet. like facebook, you can run ads that are separate from your profile content.
yeah i know about those. i was looking for it so i could respond, but they deleted it.
trump finally admits obama was born in the u.s. what now? discusses.
we move on to tax. he expects to receive compliments from african americans to boost his ego. no curve grades.
i just bought a book off amazon. i feel dirty. (but it's by and i need it)
i literally always mentally associate you with mara wilson.
steven gerrard and robbie keane against 30 eight-year-olds. one of the best things i've ever seen.
you ready for this match??
friday prediction: their passing game could trouble us but this feels like one of those games 88 takes over; offense gives us a 31-21 win.
i'll be shocked if we put up 30 plus, but we can hope
she literally accused him of rape.
you don't seem to grasp the meaning of the word "literally".
thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across america!
that's cool!
hi ed and all! happy friday!
happy friday all
what happened to lbj's declared war on poverty?
what was supposed to be a temporary fix became a lifestyle for the democratic party welfare = poverty
how was he??? i wanted to go.
i only stayed for 45min of his set but it was .com venue was empty af though
innovation then is convergence of divergence.is this always a parameter in
has no comment on ideation. just eliminating waste
what hillary's doctor's letter doesn't say is shocking
proped up hillary
haha. thanks for feedback. yes, would def take car and call it a day. nyg has a history of playing down to competition like bal.
true. like you, i remember every team that's screwed me. and the giants were one. carolina it is.
first one bud
agreed. although subject of looks like you, corey.
ok can you please give us some additional info to help us investigate
thanks for the link. will do.
they done wear the color rush jerseys this year?
on thursday night football against vikings they will
this all sounds like wrapping up quickly. new producer clearing the decks?
that cheese won't make itself, get back in the dairy!
he will look into your eyes and gaze deep into your immortal soul. and that this is rather pleasant.
were doing exclusively breast feeding and i'm a bit jealous of how our daughter looks into my wife's eyes.
trump drops false "birther" theory, but floats a new one: clinton started it
trump-the-schlockmaker starts new falsehood because he doesn't want2apologize.
nice. see why we just selected them as our
great choice! is one of my absolute favorite nyc local businesses.
send me one i'll send you one
lol ight bet
gonna have to reschedule.
i'll be busy then too
this is hilarious!
would not not buy this
jesus people stop mansplaining this to me
let's talk about nyc instead!
even teddy bears need a good cleaning :-)
thanks for the rt!
that would've been a terrible pick at 3......
nah kept the florida boy in florida, fresh legs baby! sammy wasn't used to playing in the cold. he'd be a
he's not racists?
you're finally right. however, killary is!
if u are making such a claim, then you should be able to cite the police report filed against d-rose.
in the case, his accuser did accuse him, hence the existence of a police report.
the performative part is hard bc i don't want credit, i just want to help. but if the performance also helps...
it's okay :) overthinking is what makes the best sjws i think :)
sticky health drink for ai! #
if you sloshed that glass around inside your asshole. poop it out. let me piss in ur ass. poop that out. i'd love drinking it &lt;3
in the nuttiest reach yet, juan williams blames trump for hillary's collapse; she's afraid to hydrate because ...
hahahhaha. juan is a comedian.
it's okay :) overthinking is what makes the best sjws i think :)
best writers, too, tbh.
that is not how grits are supposed to look. good southern cooks would be appalled.
i've only had grits a handful of times and i'm appalled.
years too late, and too long an insult to communities and cohorts who took pride in the first president of color.
. he's right, grammatically speaking: there is no greater wall than donald trump. .
how you feel?
i feel good noel thanks for asking
"someone is learning how to take down the internet"
i'm trying to figure out the practical use of taking everything down at once, for a short period of time
anyone else with an iphone 7 seeing this stuttering on animations? pretty annoying.
yes. but only on that specific one.
strange firing. blame him for not having long drives for the defense to rest? (which is weird) or blame def. giving up 37?
or having tyrod taylor
both sides continue to talk about potus who has been in office for 8 years...why? what impact will it have for either?
only one side. trump talks about obama's failed policies which you have to in an election/you know that!!
that doesn't mean he's racist???
what doesn't mean he's a "racist?"
if you're watching a film &amp; a character has a star wars figure collection &amp; the figures all still have their guns it's not a realistic film.
i have 11 of the 16 star trek generations action figures, and they all still have their guns and stuff.....
there were literally 34 of these plus huge chunks of text and a lot of rlly fuckin? scary instructions?
it felt like if u got it wrong u were gonna get dropped or reported to the school wtfffff this teacher needs some chill
let me not get in2 my feelings about the situation bc it didn't happen to me .. artist are still human beings too they couldve had a bad day
ima go2the artist show&amp;they hella shaddy then i know whats up but i'm a loyal fan i'll just give thm the benefit of the doubt
syrian refugees in gov. housing (left), american family living in van (right). both sf bay area.
put on facebook. wish i could. gets more exposure. american people should know what obama is doing
i look at the way mlk did, i judge by character not skin color. if i do have it i earned it,i wear no labels
yet, you support a man and party who has demonstrated intolerance and bigotry in 2016. that's u saying it's okay
does the "o shot" give insanely good orgasms or is it a "no shot"
low power study, not reproducible = quackery. dr. runels? more like dr. matasanos!
do you mind linking me on what he said? :0
hmm, i'm assuming you have fingers. twitter feed
lmaoooo that's never the move
lmfaoo that place is credit card fraud in physical form.
people filing their nails on public transport
hell if i could get by just filing my nails i'd do it on public transport too
learn and work with eight is never enough co-founder
yeah, this will sell some tickets lol
did you really become a "journalist" so you can spread gossip. go start a blog you hack.
thanks for your advice. have a nice day.
thanks to my top interactors! via
thanks ! keep up the good work.
drinking for the first time. it's basically a rebranding of chemical-flavored diet drinks we learned to avoid in the late 90s.
without the sweeteners!
i watch sisq perform "thong song" from a foot away!!!!
i saw trina live and direct!
i can't believe u did that
it was an accident
there's a direct correlation, a line being drawn in blood, between the rise of trump &amp; an uptick in violent bullying...
wow, u are mentally unstable.
strong beat weak. smart beats strong.
therefore, smart beats weak. that's what i learned in algebra by the associative property of inequity. :o)
u looked up the lyrics u poser
i am the lyrics
many startups believe a fine product should sell it self , what is your take on this ?
lol...that's ideal, but still need to get the customer to the product so it can sell itself.
driving in the valley w/fam. we all guessed how many tomatoes in a truck. we were way off. led to learning this:
legally trucks can only carry 48 tons of tomatoes per truck. same goes for all trucks carry harvested crops.
let me first start out by saying you should be following if you're a nba fan. now read his piece on kp.
didn't porzingis have a lower 3p% and in-the-paint fg% than d'angelo russell?
car by a mile, still debating myself who comes next and in what order. oak is a sneaky play but don't think worth risk yet.
yep. i was full go with them earlier in wk, then asked myself do i want to wait til 1:30pm pst and bite fingernails for 3 hours
this man is a national treasure.
aw. i love people's nationalization stories. was so happy for my bil when he became a citizen.
who does my ride home think he is? "i have to go to the doctor" headass
well i have to go home so let's get our priorities straight here
? i dislike when store clerks randomly come up and ask if i need anything. also when barbers start conversations with me.
worse are dentists...who talk when you can't even respond
posh spice edition ...
lmao the hood posh spice lol
hi abena! so lovely to meet you in person last night! now you see why i'm so excited about !
loved mtg you too! had a memorable time
does it work for u? tried it some time ago; works for a short time, then i get angry and i uninstall the extension
i set a goal for myself and once i accomplish it, i unblock the site.
it's a little baffling that messages' ink view, digital touch, chinese handwriting kb, notes, and markup all use different drawing engines
different teams, probably
in unrelated news, any awesome ios or android developers interested in working on a great line.
yes, rod mobile app expertise here. how may we help you with?
and same people oppose birth control being taught in schools and all abortions.
they don't get it.
. liberals are scared shitless ! playing the birther card now cause aint shit else worked !
of course we're scared of that orange racist ignorant clown, you and your kind. you're all fuckedup
having lived in park slope for a decade when it was still a pretty cool neighborhood, this is beyond depressing
depressing in so far as what?
very strongly considering dressing up as scully for halloween what do you think
only if it's season 1 episode 1 scully when they're standing at the gas station cause that jacket is legendary
the newly released streamable version is remastered hd.
awesome, thx! (kids are loving it)
drinking for the first time. it's basically a rebranding of chemical-flavored diet drinks we learned to avoid in the late 90s.
but i can't deal with some of those flavors. too artificial.
for when it's too warm for an ugly sweater? ugly camera strap like my dad's now only $3.52
this actually looks quote charming
i flubbed that last tweet so plz go back and like and reply to my revision i would appreciate your support. this is v serious btw.
lol! the fanny pack 1? it won't let me! i've been advocating for fanny packs for years. so happy.
if you were capable of shame, you'd feel that right now
whores don't feel shame
wyd in campbell if you pass by palo alto hit me
work work work bachem i'm in los gatos
news flash: i'll be speaking at for pbs nerd night next week. it's free! rsvp:
i'm registered and will take notes for my little youtubers at home!!!
football this week
welcome to my city! if you want some good coffee, go to philz. right next to campus
via multiple sources: - u.s sof are back in al-rai, accompanied by fsa units. - those involved in earlier protest have been "discharged."
this literally has become a circus.
rex knows he will be out of the league next year, so he might as well take several people down with him.
only one man can fix the mess in buffalo...brad childress
car by a mile, still debating myself who comes next and in what order. oak is a sneaky play but don't think worth risk yet.
falcons are awful, but have weapons. oak not a lock win yet.
we have a new single. it's called 'guys my age'. and it's out this tuesday. told ya we like surprises.
blessed 2 have gotten 2 see live
having lived in park slope for a decade when it was still a pretty cool neighborhood, this is beyond depressing
depressing insofar as what?
is it all of october?
i think so
serious q for media critics: do you propose we not cover an event from 1 of 2 people who might be president?
you don't cover hillary clinton like that. think about what you just said. stats say he's getting a free pass. admit it
it's v amusing bc the first place i've heard about the last two kim k nude pics have been piers' tweets
what's even funnier is that somebody screenshotted and zoomed in on this so they could hate
but also, we cited the lawsuit, in which she *quite literally* accused him of raping her.
you can't "accuse" someone in a civil suit. she is merely making an allegation.
one life, monolith it
what's that?
lmfao they be on some " honesty life is great" bitch shut up you just got exposed you hurt
lmfaoo on everything they lowkey be sick but they gotta fake it
i have zero idea what is happening in graphic design i'm just kinda chillin
me in video production lol
oddly, some people of color have doubts that america's police have their best interests at heart.
fine the fop will never get another $ from me, f'n scumbags
happy birthday my cute man
thanks qt
can't wait to play in san francisco tonight :) got so much new stuff i wanna try out tonight! excited about this little tour!
hey bud, i had fun last night but the set was a /little bit/ all over the place. didn't help that the bass was raspy. :&lt;
on one hand you're a great player on the other you have the attitude of a guy who fades out of the league fast
he wants to be the best back in the league. i'm not gonna fault him for anything he does
i don't know what that is but it sounds good
lol seafood place. so good
how long does it take cable news execs to figure out they've been had? (about 20 or so)
they're making bank. we're the ones who've been had
i always regret not packing the night before .
i start packing at least a week before lol.. bad memory,
happy birthday to my fav asian!!!love you bffff and miss you tons
the last picture yessssss
i would love to learn to report the spanish language. are you taking the classes somewhere or just making up your own briefs?
i'm creating a system based on several spanish ones that fit the us keyboard.
but also, we cited the lawsuit, in which she *quite literally* accused him of raping her.
no, she didn't "literally accuse him of rape" in her civil suit. i've reviewed her allegations.
we have all spent the last decade perfecting this pout.
im hella fuckd up yo
can't wait to play in san francisco tonight :) got so much new stuff i wanna try out tonight! excited about this little tour!
still &lt;3 you though. but i need your live show back in the us, stat.
dji is hiring a sr. android developer please apply online or email be directly at patrick.burke.com. thanks.
is remote an option?
thanks for the support !
the problem with social media is the mask you wear to conceal your true self so you can spew bullshit
how desperate is ?? all can rag on about is a falsified
r befuddled at this point you can be sure shovel in hand thr still diggin from the bottomless basket
just like yesterday?
after know many try's huh and still no fucking site
how hurtful it must be to possess enough dangerous narcotics kill dozens of people
my only moment was ppl sharing the article but also saying they were praying for her. why publicize it? oh bc they're selfish.
news that davis has a concussion means that 1st round pick og joshua garnett is next man up as swing g!
when did davis get the concussion?
a union, the only police organization that could possibly make common cause with oppressed people, endorses racism
well a police state would need a lot of policemen i suppose? i suppose the border agent union is next
racism isn't the motivation for the birther movement? - via
if he was born in norway and trump questioned it, would he be racist? you idiot are so easily let it's sick!
must be ooo then; still uses latex for pdf rendering. hard to beat that quality.
well, it is distinctive, at least ;) (for pandoc pdfs i usually do md &gt; odt &gt; pdf these days, find odt easier to style.)
this is awkward but i'm going to rehab tomorrow. alcohol made a lot of my best music but also cost me a lot. i'm out for a month. love you.
love you, be well
shoutout to for nabbing an internship with caleb . glad to see a rangers fan in the barstool office.
appreciate it!
*does* have a problem: it's too popular!
psst-- when you start a tweet with an @ username, the tweet is visible only to ppl who follow both you and them. use a . first!
like 5 million new albums today, what are you listening to
ceg, against me, streams of flock of dimes and beach slang. maybe preoccupations and touch amore later...
buyer's remorse.
yes, but we didn't "buy" she stole now worried about losing
if you're angling for the role of chief feline strategist, i'm afraid it's already filled.
darn. can i apply for puppy master?
sssooo, i'm guessing i should contact someone, about being mailed my hugo award? anybody know who?
an email is on its way to you. our apologies.
i tried it since the gm. i like it better this way, especially with raise to wake.
fair enough
its a magikarp! i think. if not, a goldeen, or its evolution! i think.
i have magikarp and goldeen so itd show! maybe seaking but... hm
boy ate like 10 punches in a row
those were probably the easiest shots to block since he threw it all in the same direction
max, again, this is for you
can't wait to watch this with my daughter
donald trump uses latest birther media stunt to promote new hotel
did you show the protesters outside? hope no one stays there, can you follow through on that?
no, she didn't "literally accuse him of rape" in her civil suit. i've reviewed her allegations.
in her civil suit allegations, there is nothing about an alleged "rape" occurring.
did you get a side of crazy bread or are you just happy to see me?
also dammit now i want cheap, low-grade pizza products
come to hear yi, hear yi
dude. even is there? haha. lakers ratings next year gonna still be solid.
this looks like a fucking mess :/// i hope the rest of ur class isn't like this!
huhhuehuhahh it probably will be but! what doesnt kill me makes me stronger
tonight makes the fourth night in a row and i'm like
that gif is so good
can we have a snuggle and beer party please
always down to snuggle
oh my! with the edgy new slurs!! you are a !!
name calling is not racist! believing one race is superior than another is. there is a difference.
economist on increasingly popular topic of concentration among big firms, oligopoly/monopoly, and lack of dynamism
economist, smelling smoke. &amp; this fire is from hell/bis.
not gonna lie it kinda makes me sad inside when i see people eating alone.
go sit with them ned
for reals. i'd rather watch paint dry
hell yeah!
wait when is moon cake day this year
yesterday iirc
i think me &amp; should start an adventure vlog series
do it! i love watching blogs on !
thx &amp; our media sponsors for taking to new heights
now that's impact.
in her civil suit allegations, there is nothing about an alleged "rape" occurring.
the civil suit seems to be focused on "theft of prostitution services".
and worse, it looks like compliance/acceptance. listening and changing that.
but i mean, we all have to do what we can. there can't be the expectation of performance.
literally the best restaurant in the world
i'll take you to the one in ny
i hate it because i work in the mornings and i'm always feeling shitty ):
i know how you feel :( i had to have my job change my schedule because of that
i would posit a lot of people already lost their dongle
inspired to start using "lost your dongle" instead of "getting mad online"
on replacements availability say check with carrier says check with samsung
replacement devices will be available at most verizon retail locations beginning 9/21/16.
you guys are literally glowing
it's that boo
did princeton un-teach you how to spell?
who needs fucking spelling when you go to princeton
members of congressional black caucus call on donald trump to apologize for his "disgusting" "deplorable" "insulting" birther rubbish
trump-the-schlockmaster only does trouble-making, not apologies.
what's the etiquette here? because there's no way i can sit for 105 minutes without a comfort break.
if you can sit nearest the aisle and wait for applause to make your way you're not interrupting actors or the story...
be safe. take it easy today.
am trying to. how's your day so far?
poll: is erica gonna b hella stoned 4 her wedding today?
for those who r leaning the last option u might remember erica from episode 3 of in which "erica dies"
psh... your casual's just more elevated than everyone else's
i like this perspective! &lt;3
we are looking for an ios/android developer in wilmington,de urgently, if you have any suitable resources kindly sha...
we would be happy to assist you on remote work. let us know so that we can discuss further via dm. pf:
cnn did, finally:
she asked this with a smile as though the question is a dare to neutrality. you dare call him a liar?
but i mean, we all have to do what we can. there can't be the expectation of performance.
i say this as maybe the loudest asshole in the room: you can't do it all. and shouldn't.
i had the similar thought that casual is relative. (also, you look good.)
thank you! :d
trump was a birther when mitt romney proudly accepted his endorsement in 2012. you own birtherism, republicans. trump just the ringleader.
romney sold out for cash.
it'd be one thing if she was selling weed. she had a lethal painkiller. i'm not showing sympathy for that.
so hot take: she killed prince?
we're looking for an developer in for a one-off user test. dm me for details!
we would be happy to assist you on remote work. let us know so that we can discuss further via dm.pf:
racists sure love hollister, which, i'm not even sure what that is -- some kind of racist club?
town that hosts an annual gathering of motorcycle mutants
where do i buy it? starbucks?
try a chai tea latte or just chai tea. you get just a portable cup and buy tea and make it how you like in the am.
"casual" is a state of mind
i like this! :d
because "this game stinks!" is a bad marketing slogan?
thanks for reading the text before replying
who tf names their album joanne? sounds stupid, obviously only some one with little artistic talent would do that.
is gonna kill you
@ anyone younger than me: relationally, we exist in a monarch-usurper binary so that's why i don't trust your murderous little hands
first off, i have never been convicted, secondly
"in trynna be a wallflower at somebody illegal function"
yes this is you
such a fascinating case in corporate ethics.
haha, wasn't this what i said last night?
no no i'm pretty sure you've done everything specularly right!
oh gosh, haha- thank you so much! &lt;3
so i'm a horrible father because i would prefer lego wrote back to my kid, "too bad! shoulda listened to dad!"
teaching kids to complain for free stuff. shameful lol
there's a guy of the train knitting. his hands are tattooed variously but his knuckles say, i shit you not, "knit" and "purl."
i might have seen him once too, that sounds super familiar.
an excellent choice! how often do you have a nice glass of wine? couple times a week?
once a month actually. usually a beer guy lol
tamara drewe was released in september 2010...
such a beautiful photo!
fell asleep before midnight last week and didn't get to preorder my iphone 7. putting gum in my headphone jack to simulate the experience.
was there a line out the front on universal this morning? i didn't have the courage to find out...
and my iphone 6s plus battery is down to 9%, after only 4 hours of use
these 3 people plus the man walking away are currently trying to figure it out
"these are federal records. you can't destroy them even if you don't have a subpoena!" -
she did and that is a crime..
old guy dies and doc takes on the old guys mission of hunting the master aka his son
wud make the show that more interesting with that dynamic playing
reminder: he is 1 of 2 people who has a real chance of being president. not covering him is deeply irresponsible.
and covering him and not questioning him is criminal
listening to on talk about cc , our bot convo last year!
actually not ' bot but still telepresence at
hillary clinton declines to talk about colin powell's emails in an interview
"he's home dicking the bimbos"
yesterday i did yoga when i woke up and drank tea today i had pepperoni with my coffee for lunch this information is useful to no one.
sharon is proud of you
media on donald trump 'birther' news conference: 'we got played'
just like trump tricked pres. of mexico into meeting w/ him under the guise of a respectful visit. really just a photo op for trump.
i think the firing of greg roman is a bad decision, and i explain why, in full, here:
loved the last few paragraphs. feels like ownership is giving rex a chance to make it work. i wonder how long he has to do so
obamas almost out of office...no one gives a shit what trumps stance is but the media....move on. he's making u look ridiculous.
aas would disagree with u or don't they count?
, where do you want to see more bike lane enforcement? name the precinct if you can cc:
is this question different than "in what precinct are the bike lanes you use frequently?"
you're doing casual friday sexy and right! yas spike! killing it!
oh my! ;) thank you so muuuuuuuuuch!!!!! &lt;3
wait, z? seriously, what is wrong with you people?
i know it's getting out of hand she's a great person
change seats with the mom
i'll let you know when i get to the hotel so you can drop off lydia
the best part about getting a new phone
digging those buds!
but looking good while doing it
thank you, thank you, thank you! &lt;3
canon manufactured its 120-millionth ef lens in august! check out some world's-first technologies.
congratulation! i have 4 canon cameras and i'm very proud of them :-)
it's "rep your school" day at horizon! check out our squad of grads
we may have more grads but won 42-39 last week
my frustration is that i my vote is anti hrc and not pro someone else. as you like to say, she is a fraud
talking about trump, not hillary. denounce him, methods and bigoted followers. go ahead, let's hear it.
on the ipad, the app crashes. any fix? also, any share extension or updates in work? love the app. use it regularly. thank you
we're submitting a fix as we speak.
both &amp; apps are crashing everytime i open them after updating. anyone can help?
so many daddies are gonna go sexless this weekend
some plans for ios 10 compatibility? the app doesn't load anymore on my updated ipad pro...
we're submitting a fix as we speak.
was everything ok last night??
i threw up 3 times this morning, 2 of them in public and someone called p safe on my ass but last night was a-ok
what trump just did is a disgrace.
both of u are petty.1 of u is actually goin to be the next &amp; ur twitter beefing like school children
please if u see me say what's bracken
what's brackin!
the app is now crashing for me on startup every time. have reinstalled. anyone have any help?
we're submitting a fix as we speak.
if you're not here at , my talk about 1.0 is also at i announced that i'm stepping down.
thanks for all your work, we really appreciate it!
of course they do, but would the establishment listen? probably not.
seems way too good to be true, also don't see her willingly giving up her shot at the iron throne..
in her civil suit allegations, there is nothing about an alleged "rape" occurring.
your blog says, "he tried to get me to do stuff via video and i said no to that"&lt;---that is not "rape".
i saw two movies the other day that had them. but maybe there are other theaters still getting them put in?
hell yeah recliners, totally gonna take a nap
apple juice is the greatest mf drink ever made! don't @ me
bitch you trippen
who is coming to the twins v mets w me tn??!!??!! it's free t shirt friday!!!!
ask , she's in town rn.
agreed. i try and think about my everyday scenarios and its not easy. if you want more battery though, beats x it is.
i think the lack of control on the airpods to skip and change volume is a big disadvantage.
i hate when you need quick information and are forced to download an app instead of a mobile site
ahmen to that!
, have you signed up for yet? registration closes sept 16! join the movement &amp; :
signed up and ready to meet with our fellow members
: remove c collar b4 intubation? reliable neuro exam in intox'd gsw victim? just asking..
personally i have never put a c-collar on anyone with a gsw.
the birther movement was about delegitimizing the first african-american president in our history.
get the birther movement facts, then vote:
congrats !! integration with gym is awesome! cc
important to support the best rl environment community, to progress science and industry.
i will release the evidence unless you kill me binch
damn. the catch-223
you know, the least they could have done is *not* used the least common color.
money quote: "...no fire, so i think the iphone battery is quite safe."
as a man it's tough to find other men to look up to, partly bc of pride but the way handles himself makes him someone to look up to
can appeal to people of all ages and actually uses facts when he explains his position. he may not always be right but mostly he is
guess what everyone?! said he's never experienced ... documented systemic oppression must be over now!
it's ironic that and are told informed views are not valid yet 's sideline comments are the "truth"?
how the hell does mean "vibration mode"
it looks like it's always been that, so probably like the doki doki / heartbeat thump?
apologies to all aces for having to leave our session early today but hopefully was entertaining enough for both of us!
i am sure you can find a way to make it up to us.
diarrhea planet are like the perfect "ok, yeah, guitars are fucking awesome" intro to this weekend to me who has not been very punk lately
those are my bb boys! say hi to any of them if u see them. all nashvillians with s of gold!
these 3 people plus the man walking away are currently trying to figure it out
3 hours and counting. i got: apple store employee, apple store manager, it guy, and verizon representative all trying to fix this
when all my regulars respect my views... so you won't be surprised when i continue to speak my mind all day, everyday.
then forget that guy , his fucking lost
all the heisman trophy hype was about josh rosen before the season, but think kalen ballage has entered the conversatin now after last week
was really bummed when he didn't pick us. tho we might've not had soso if he did.
tonight at 8pm will join me live to discuss her health status
have you seen trump's survey and plan of/to attack at the first debate? no surprise. redirect!
my first tweet ever was quite similar:
hmm there might be a reason we're friends
either she hasn't seen it or knows i'm just trying to piss her off cause i'm a rude bastard
trueeeeee. btw i got part of your christmas present
kovu married kiara! he married his second cousin! his mother and father in law are his first cousins!
technically he wasn't scar's biological son
having car payments before i moved out was a good idea, one less payment i gotta do when i move out .
i feel like you been paying off that car since i known you.
this is where i exit
this shit so annoying
here's why there's nothing more american than speaking spanish
just watched this and loved it! i have studied spanish since age 13 and it has opened up countless doors!
kimmel is a puppet for abc/disney propaganda.
which is a shame cause kimmel is pretty funny
"helped" out another one of the teachers and he's really cool. i wish i could've had a teacher like him back in the day.
to the students he comes off as a bit too strict or too intense but he's actually just really on top of his stuff.
what exactly are u over jennifer
this week. been a rough one, work-wise. also over birtherism, the msm and donald trump. :)
now get them to do raids and develop a guild with a guild base
you aren't hearing anything about that right?
.iconic scotland!
so many beautiful places in scotland!
: remove c collar b4 intubation? reliable neuro exam in intox'd gsw victim? just asking..
yes remove c-collar if one has been applied. of necessary and you must protect cspine manual inline stabilization
that shit is dope bruh. you peep daredevil?
new season of jj out?
i don't know man, as a certified hater, this whole "dame is getting too much love thing" sounds sneakily like hatin'.
seems they should direct those towards kyrie, tbh. but i'm a dubs fan so i'm probably just hating...
"glaser was quietly dropped from almost every lineup in the city" wait what? ?
didn't want to make an unsubstantiated claim, he might still have some (terrible) friends here
youre welcome
greatly appreciated
artisinal grilled cheese
what is up with gastro pubs using that diablo-alike font?
it's friday &amp; i have no friday night plans. if you also have no plans, let's make some plans
this pose tho
[my wedding] me: i do guests: awww me: or do i? guests: ooooo
i literally hate you for rting this
pokmon go + back in stock at amazon:
.......and it's gone.....
instead, it's been almost two weeks since the recall &amp; there's no replacement unit &amp; a deadline from verizon before it costs to replace it
there is no deadline. replacement devices will be available at most verizon retail locations beginning 9/21/16.
jimmy fallon is probably a good dude. probably huge pressure on him to smear trump but he did opposite
always liked fallon a lot, love him even more now
the new typing sound on iphone is soothing af
you got the new 7?
we've reached the ultimate gas-lighting stage: no it was the democrats, even obama who were responsible for birtherism.
i call it "the unreal reality show "
a bit too convenient. though satisfying.
needs to be more drawn out though personally i'm happy for his demise to be just reported in a convo btwn susan &amp; lynda.
'z nation' is the best horror show you're not watching via
wow ok cool ok
no it's like claiming brooklyn isn't in manhattan...which it isn't
no, is right. you can't claim westwood isn't la. it is. just like bklyn is nyc.
no sorry, what i mean is they didn't delete it. you can't find promoted only tweets. they only appear in the target audience tl.
ah. ok thanks.
trump campaign announces bill clinton's cia director amb. r. james woolsey will be a senior advisor.
ahh thats why he wants snowdens blood!
rb jamaal charles has been declared "doubtful" for sunday's game. two weeks in a row.
can't use probable anymore?
yea i'm coming over when i get out and i went to the nailshop yesterday
what time you get out .
aww bud!! take care of yourself!!
ye im doin ok now, just restin up. hope ur doin ok too
had to be something bad
wish we could have been a fly on the wall and been able to hear what happened
if you hear a toyota camry blasting the new travis album through bed stuy and chinatown, it's me, ok?
just ran into in said toyota camry playing said album in said nyc borough.
you have no idea how much i hate this election.
it really sucks this year!
smh i'm going over 6 meals a day i'm probably up 5lbs
im just getting my weight back. its gunna slow down soon, then ill be doing the 6 meals
to the students he comes off as a bit too strict or too intense but he's actually just really on top of his stuff.
man,i wish i could've had the opportunity to be in a program like this 1 when i was in highschool.these kids are getting a lot of cool stuff
is funny b/c of the amount of back flips you have to do to believe obama wasn't born in the us.
also even if he wasn't "he was", he'd still be a citizen, like cruz
is a , and the
there! 10 on in one i wish there was an to say all that
will be much higher for hillary by election. i don't buy ~10% going to third party candidates
you don't? the most polarizing candidates of all time and you're saying people aren't looking elsewhere?
what is even the point
break your arm one more time and find out
chris matthews 3/4/08: "why wouldn't she say, of course, he's not a muslim. he's a christian."
never been any doubt obama's a muslim. why else would he surround himself with sharia law muslim brotherhood people?
he is not reeling. he will deny it tomorrow. meanwhile, no one is asking about bribes or taxes.
he tied the birtherism to his taxes in 2011. its coming
no it's like claiming brooklyn isn't in manhattan...which it isn't
and to answer your question, yes ucla is in la city.
what's the big difference between the 6s and the 7? i need answers
camera, operating speed and battery life
dota 2 till i cant take it, then some overwatch probably
come down to the razer store at 5!
so since june i started running and doing a 4.5 minute ab workout. current progress! if i can do it, you can too!
nice! congrats on your hard work paying off! !
seems abjectly terrifying that a publication as outwardly successful as the guardian is cutting 30% of its staff
i wouldn't call them financially successful.
look at how fuckin happy i was last year at lark fest!!!!!
we'll be back in front of brew/seasons this lark fest bringing the block party vibes
way to burn bridges, sony. good luck on getting indies &amp; 3rd party exclusives ever again...
yeah well they talked a lot of stuff at the start of gen about how they support indies etc, now doing this i dunno
the weekend is sooooo close, y'all... what wins/cool things happened to you this week? everything (big/small) counts
returned from sweden/denmark/germany .. kind of a reverse win now that i think about it
pretending that clinton started is the new
it's the "unreal reality show "
poll: 54% of voters believe that donald trump is more transparent than hillary clinton
that's because of his abnormally thin skin...
3 hours and counting. i got: apple store employee, apple store manager, it guy, and verizon representative all trying to fix this
i hear they're renaming the upgrade program next year to downgrade program.
believing (multimillionaire) guru ramsey that you can easily buy a car or even a house w/o credit score, maybe?
hahaha truth
omg you are this guy ? this is more than beautiful
haha, yes indeed! and loving all the support i'm seeing for our show today! keep spreading the love
the fruit falls close to the tree. birther = bigot. this will not stand today tomorrow or ever!
birtherism insults me personally as a greek american
my friend marco n his cousin
nvm i have this wood at da house
when you market a game with scratch-and-sniffs and slime, reviewers are going to frame the art direction with that in mind!
sure but i don't think reviewers were exposed to the marketing, pr may have had its own spin
if will lie about the president of the united states, how can anyone believe a word that comes out of his big mouth?
. what trump most wants to conceal in his medical records is the clinical diagnosis that he is a pathological liar.
what trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. apologize to the president, and to the american people.
when will you ow up to your mistakes and i mean all million of them
no sorry, what i mean is they didn't delete it. you can't find promoted only tweets. they only appear in the target audience tl.
it may have already expired or stopped running. i took a screenshot bc i didn't want to give them a rt. shoulda link grabbed too :(
yo but we gon wear???
ugh you read my mind i have no idea yet. probably all black
legit feel sinister smiling at service industry people who repeatedly call me ma'am because i'm internally wanting them to choke
that must be tough, i'm sorry about the misgendering.
i think you're forgetting hillary is the queen of lying. she trumps trump in that dept. we all know that. hillary's minions.
she isn't lying. you r being misled &amp; manipulated. sorry to hear, but trump will not help u or anyone but himself.
the fix: today a new low for journalism but for trump, he was the ringmaster at the circus. "it was peak trump."
- and shame on the media for constantly giving his every move air time# feeding the monster.
cnn's john king: 'we just got played' via
maybe cnn will play more fair now and dump corey. the only network i will watch now is msnbc
omg wtf!! they don't have them anymore i still have mine!
i'm hellaaaa mad!!!!!!! are you serious??? ugh i'm fucken mad i was planning on buying one when j went
rt nickkalmanfn: trump camp stmt: "mr. trump believes president obama was born in the united states," &amp;amp; blames
great playing the media today! i laughed so hard. they deserve it.
stops: trucks @ the track , 5-8:30p, nazareth college food truck rodeo in lot g, 6:30-10p, lux lounge, 11p-2a.
we want to book you for october 7th 1st friday hungerford starting @ 5 ish. please call. 585-414-5643. thanks!
you are becoming soo inspirational this days. damn am loving this
aye bro that means a lot. real talk! thank you for that
when you yell at for missing ur bday party but he sends you this photo so you can't be mad anymore
is it just me or the pup is doing a sad face too?
what trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. apologize to the president, and to the american people.
why take your advice as you are losing and he is winning and will be our next president
when hillary/all liberal media run out of issues, they turned on racism!
nothing mattersnow, trump's victorytrain glides undeterred to white house
just as god intended
does it work?
this is your trump america
hey! what's that in the background? racist!
i heard my mans has a new album. prolly 0 riffs but you should buy it anyway.
my tony molina shirt i wear like errday has more shreds than any of the damn songs like where tf the riffs frill
a state can write a news article now. can't wait for delaware's rebuttal.
please, call me hannah, montana is my mother's name.
so there's a 3rd dac in the new iphones. has anyone actually plugged in the new headphones on an older phone?
they, and the lightning to headphone jack adapter, work!
the first ice session of rookie camp is in the . more to come throughout the weekend!
any days open to the public?
glad to see he's okay and onto recovery. support our men and women in blue
. how about supporting the good cops who are forced to stay quiet about corrupt cops if they want to stay alive?
don't forget how many small businesses he's bankrupted by contracting them then refusing to pay.
like obama did to thousands of coal miners
the first ice session of rookie camp is in the . more to come throughout the weekend!
beside the scrimmage obviously
you're killing me with these
. you're killing me...softly, with your words
me too, a sane stack would be most wunderbar.
ditto. the current stack is insane (but anything else is !linux, so a negative)
i know - that was the headline - not me :)
then someone at the needs to get it right. does not help matters to appear ignorant.
no. we are far from ok especially after facetiming alone in vegas
umm excuse me what......... wtf.
you didn't win anything this offseason.....
i saved 15% or more on my car insurance...
happy birthday my love!!! love you lots i hope it was a good one!
thank you bby love u
they are destroying donald trump right now, no joke
i hope you are right. he needs to be destroyed.
interesting that the employees are essentially blaming the company for this. it's like your at mv &amp; you cheat b/c of the pressure
yes, or that it's an acceptable practice with little consequences ... until now. managers must've known but didn't say anything.
when you end up surprising each other with flume tickets
super fail! can't stop laughing
i seen that taylor swift is dating zac efron ima just keep my comments to myself
as long as she's happy i'm happy
never said ur point was wrong, just that reality shows only reflect our desire to see ratchness
i love reality tv so i'm a hypocrite to a lot of the things i say
perhaps once we're ready for international expansion.
always happy to help with writing from cafes, which is my full-time occupation too!
regrets. can you please tell us where this occurred and the direction headed, as well as a bus # if possible? ^bd
all b52 buses are having this problem. i caught mine at greene &amp; washington at 1pm. no bus #. drivers say there's no route detour.
she isn't lying. you r being misled &amp; manipulated. sorry to hear, but trump will not help u or anyone but himself.
he is the most shallow frame of a person i have ever witnessed.
it's an expression i'm using on the hrc voters who are regretful. get it? i understand what happened.
haha. that assumes hrc supporters feel remorse
should you pay for a fico score (it's expensive) when just starting to build credit?
no need to pay for credit scores - there are many free places to get it, including
and why do aa's care about trump admitting he think obama was born in us
bcause trump wanted to see his papers (transcripts &amp; bc which was already released) just like apartheid &amp; jim crow/slavery
never said ur point was wrong, just that reality shows only reflect our desire to see ratchness
one of my dream jobs is scripting/writing reality tv
if we all benefit from an opendata ecosystem who will pay (not should pay)?
who ever gets the service shall pay. we need it aggregated and service providers to be identified.
trump has spent years peddling a racist conspiracy aimed at undermining the first african american president. he can't just take it back.
obama is the first black president and the worst one we have ever had. he was probably radicalized when he was very young
trump for regulating porn. how is that pro-1a?
porn has nada to do w 1-a, more to do w pervs accessing young kids. can't always generalize
who will be the 1000th person to like my new fb page?
did it. what do i win?
envious of folks having a blast at . but i can't complain: and i spent all yesterday walking through the muir woods.
such a beautiful place. may i also recommend a drive down 1 to big sur as well?
in love w. this new song!!
yassss me too! when it first started i was like ummmm but then the chorus dropped &amp; i caught the holy ghost!
"somewhere in the black mining hills of dakota lived a young boy named corky calhoun.."
who gets a helping hand from bobby willis
i remember why i stopped this questline now...
exotic sword quest was way worse
meaning a fully operational one
just joshing you ;)
reading twitter today i realized you have a bad taste in music. :(
reading my mentions today i realised you're not an especially nice person \_()_/
why the fuck do you want that she is evil
kendall is the evil pr stunt hag girl
my dad and uncle are going to talk about agriculture and politics for the next 4 hours i know it
they literally discussed every single plant we passed on the way
leaders weigh in on 's "birther" comments: "we can do better than that"
thank u cbc trump keeps stepping in it and we need the american people to smell it. vote vote vote
how many? are they birthers too?
the orginal "birther was oscuma's literary agent. you fools are truly pathetic. lol!
geekism is helluva drug, lol
damn right lol
twitter, help! if a legendary pokemon (pokemon yellow) kills you in battle, will it still be there for a future attempt?
it should still be there when you go back, i've seen reported online that you may have to do the elite 4 for it to respawn...
bernie sanders went on 'seth meyers' to remind everyone to actually vote for hillary:
it's about time. bernie needs to do more.
seeing double! sofia richie morphs into beau justin bieber
a model she is not.
hack education weekly news
i tried to read that course report thing and i can't make heads or tails of it. i went to their site &amp; every camp has 4 stars
donald trump's campaign claims the republican candidate believes obama was born in the us
the flip flop king. already becoming a politician. say anything to get elected.
the designer totally understood what we wanted to build because :)
jim was amazing. offbeat collectibles, full length dresses, and doc martins ftw!
idk you dropped them all
oooooohhhhh he said she aint got no nipplesssssss
that seems bad
who among us can truly say they are "complete", though?
psst-- when you start a tweet with an @ username, the tweet is visible only to ppl who follow both you and them. use a . first!
heh, thanks
posted this a year ago on insta and i still love it, the chaos is my calm.
awwww this one is def in my top 5 also :) xo
the only update that finally let me remove useless apps, but the rest of it is fucking stupid. and yay now my battery dies faster, the fuck!
mine too ugh but i still luhhhh the new update!
same. she's from my neighborhood too and went to my hs. i've seen her around in person and she's even thicker
i need to come to your city lmaoo
omg!i'm having a giggle fit!i can't stop laughing at the hissy fit &amp; are airing! trump wins!
shut up buffoon trump played you and won!! hahahahaha
today's show was damn great.u knoe what i don't actually like music,but i watch ebs musika just to c u.i enjoy looking at u
wow that's the best thing i heard all week. thank you so much yene konjo!
this sweater
one of my faves tbh :3
eric church discusses drunk defense and lumberjack therapy
alt title: interviews and tries not to admit to hero she owns "good girls never skip church" shirt.
it should still be there when you go back, i've seen reported online that you may have to do the elite 4 for it to respawn...
but... maybe don't save just to be safe? or reload from before the battle?
regrets. can you please tell us where this occurred and the direction headed, as well as a bus # if possible? ^bd
drivers also say there's no temp. bus stops. my driver took washington to fulton, then followed the b25/b26 route.
idgaf. i'm gonna vote against it and chug a jarritos on my way to the polls
you and everyone else. hah
with these young changemakers at hq. they are doing their bit for a safe and peaceful world.
what an honor to have met you. looking forward to work together on 100 million for 100 million youth project.
i have 4 , and every time i really enjoy them!
in my , it's the best!
made an appointment to get my hair did at woohoo they're the best
hey laurie great to see you wednesday
this shouldn't have to be said: you don't just get to say someone else did the worst things you've done. it doesn't work. no one buys it.
many of them are very concerned about all the things, illegal, that you have done. you just flat can't be trusted
woehahaha lol....
what's the patch they are wearing ? is it syrian army patch?
racism is hillary playing on emotions of black voters instead of offering them better proposals.
. racism is what a segment of trump supporters are spewing and he has embraced that support aka the
here's what's wrong w/ media coverage of trump. headline should be: trump issues false statement &amp; refuses to personally renounce birtherism
bingo ~ plain &amp; simple language everyone can really understand!!
the site or the tweet?
delete the meme. delete all the memes.
event masquerading as trump news conference on birtherism was ploy to get hotel coverage, days after he duped everyone into oz coverage
donald trump a huckster like william shatner trying to fill hotel rooms. trump using his his presidential campaign to do it.
in this country or another country?
or a theme park?
your tweet made it
i saw lol idk what this even is but i giggled
am i the only one who really care about cover art?
back in the day, i spent hours upon hours making sure my album art &amp; id3 tags were perfect.
quickly followed by "this place is amazing"
am feeing very schlubby and underdressed myself n
noted hair-ruffler jimmy fallon continues decades-long legacy grilling world's villains:
that hairy business!
up against the three most competitive people in the crime business. i don't stand a chance
your modestly will add an extra sheen to the top prize when u win
should we start a group chat?
no, focus on spamming our contact form with harambe memes
my big sister lost her long term battle with leukemia yesterday. it would be great if anyone could support xx
sorry for your loss
this other one is not over yet :) keep voting haha
if course, i voted for you huh!
again, trump turns his faults on others. psychologists call it "projecting." kids call it "i'm rubber, you're glue."
you just act like your faults, all of them, don't make a difference
u.s. imam: "muslims have the right to take the property of filthy christians and jews"
douche bag here is some pork
so i have pretty bad carpal tunnel in my right hand from typing on my phone. been trying more voice! it's pretty good (tweet by voice!)
i just started feeling it yesterday but how do you voice tweet emojis?
another great show sending love to our own boy keep it
thanks bro! the support is awesome!
so proud of my boo !! alaska thunderfuck - puppet [official]
thank you maxy
quickly followed by "this place is amazing"
am feeing very schlubby and underdressed myself
people are freaking out about being inspired by real events, but so were past seasons
yeah the fact that it was based on true events made it more interesting n trippy
bernie sanders blasts donald trump's birther statement: "this is pathetic"
pathetic is the best analysis of trumps flip flop.
this lies you just told
what lies babe?
awh, but i !
i don't think it's fair to take the statement out of context.
how many? are they birthers too?
the original "birther was oscuma's literary agent. you fools are truly pathetic. lol!
when trump tries to deflect blame for denying that was born in america, he is lying.
hillary you are the one who is alwys trying to change the conversation..not trump
nothing mattersnow, trump's victorytrain glides undeterred to white house
mentally retarded hill resorted to racism as ultimate weapon when losing!
again, trump turns his faults on others. psychologists call it "projecting." kids call it "i'm rubber, you're glue."
americans say you're a criminal!!!
girl! so good. they need to bring the show back
i know, i can get through like almost a whole season in a day it goes by soooo fast
it may have already expired or stopped running. i took a screenshot bc i didn't want to give them a rt. shoulda link grabbed too :(
so you can't see it anymore either?
please, god, say it's a parody.
was this comment really necessary? a put down of another women?
"barack obama was born in america plain and simple and donald trump owes him and the america people an apology." - hillary
who had more to gain from "birther" movement: illary or trump? there's your answer. til logic
they are seriously about to show the gerard slip on tv again
and that suarez bite
regrets. can you please tell us where this occurred and the direction headed, as well as a bus # if possible? ^bd
frustrating for those of us who live and depend on the b52 route. i was late to work today. troubling that drivers have no answers.
flights booked, hotel reservations made...how many days til again???
i got you (excited is an understatement)
it is now time to tell me which sweatshirt to buy
white is winning but i think i getting fox thanks for following
thanks for the wonderful toast celebrating our 22nd yr. love our neighbors and great wine. cheers!
you all are the best. we thank you for welcoming us to the neighborhood from the first day that we moved here!
good luck at the &amp; looking forward for your speech.
thanks anyway for ur support.
hell yeah i passed my entrance exam
congrats man!
fulfilled daughter's request to go to and oh snap: !
how long have you been in austin?
she isn't lying. you r being misled &amp; manipulated. sorry to hear, but trump will not help u or anyone but himself.
our country will never move forward with this it will destroy humanity both literally &amp;figuratively. he's a pariah
you sound like you're having such a blast
count how many times i say wait
for 3 hrs you should ask for some freebie from them. a month off the upgrade plan? forgiving any fees? a lightning cable?
i doubt they can do anything.
referencing smears (like hinting him as a muslim knowing very well he is not).
yeah. again, not defending any of that in any sense. just saying it's qualitatively different both from birtherism (1/2)
do both require ios 10? (if you were able to test that)
i did not test, but the website says yes.
has no one actually made the case that democrats have a moral and patriotic duty to drop clinton for someone who can clearly, cleanly win?
she can win. stop this.
i'm just messing with ya ;) to each their own taste.
see your retweet about treating people how you wanted to be treated? you want people to randomly say shitty things to you?
tesla will build the largest backup battery in history to power los angeles
interesting, do they say why we need such a huge battery?
john kasich says he will help get republicans to the polls but it is "very unlikely" he will vote for donald trump
the only man willing to put his country before his party.
central govt remaining neutral on triple talaq in supreme court. is this why we voted . bad advice
news no consensus on this issue because of up polls. muslims never vote for bjp. women may swing over
you can't break it i downloaded it lmfao
fuck ima think of something
i always wonder what the kids i went to school with think of me now
probably "david warez is a snake and needs to be stopped"
give me one good reason why should we believe you?
reason has escaped you, guy. that would be an exercise in futility.
that alone is obvi not enough to stop trump tho
she will win. as a man you don't give her enough credit
i dont actually care i just wanted to put a tweet up
tweet up at the louvre
new music friday new nghtmre x zeds dead new will clarke
nghtmre and zed's dead. excite.
donald trump: "president barack obama was born in the united states. period"
the flip flop king. already becoming a politician. say anything to get elected.
racism isn't the motivation for the birther movement? - via
if he was born in norway and trump questioned it, would he be racist? you idiot are so easily led it's sick!
it's . pre-order ' soundtrack &amp; feel like this.
hi how are you today
trump will be judged on nov. 8th, hrc has a 25 year track record, i denounce his bigoted followers, hers too
my point exactly. you'll pull her into conversation. again, but can't say methods are wrong. you support, u are
i have nothing to gain from a racist society. i support and treat all races with the respect they deserve. policy changes...
you actually have a ton to gain. without opening the same opportunities to all in the country the status quo remains
hmm that's not right.... what location? - britta
498 7th ave, nyc. bowls were out just hadn't been refilled. it was busy but that's never stopped them before.
ok rant done! now on to finish the movie. no more hate for corey people! he is making us proud the way he is representing him &amp; nic
i think he has answered perfectly what do they expect a relationship right away friends first always
how are you liking the plus?!
well it won't activate so that's fun! lol.
hn comments on an investing article are always a fun read
"yeah man definitely"
promise of greater transparency hasnt materialized. maybe b'cuz
didn't promise transparency too?
work of art
i was just listening to that lit
its cute that youre being a bitch when kendall is literally your profile pic. wow; cant say im surprised
lmao i love how offended you're getting. i've literally called him a jerk to his face. he &amp; i joke around like that constantly
it's now forever settled: is a lying racist piece of garbage.
no. piece of shit.
yes! all app exit animations stutter on my 7. butter on my 6s. not a fan at all.
i'm updating to 10.0.1 (shipped with 10.0). seeing if that will help.
this is insane!?!
how scary is "tumblr trust &amp; safety"?
yeah. again, not defending any of that in any sense. just saying it's qualitatively different both from birtherism (1/2)
...and from the kind of direct hate speech/race-baiting that, just for example, the trump campaign is engaging in. (2/2)
bills firing offensive coordinator greg roman after 2 gms into yr. he was nfl's highest-paid oc. (via )
now we know how the miners felt after and the same basic offense
you're using ps4? it has built in streaming. if you wanted more like what you see on twitch, you'll need capture eqpmnt.
she tried streaming from ps4 last night, we got a lot of blocked scene from p5 because of cut scenes: the movie
lol! i low key felt bad when i read that she checked twitter but it was too funny!
did the same thing
people are freaking out about being inspired by real events, but so were past seasons
yeah it made it so much more trippy
leading the birther movement is deplorable. attempting to say it "did a great service" to the president who trump attacked is asinine.
it was not trump who started this it was one of your own supporters a democrat
"do not get behind me with all that playing and foolishness" lmao hella me
hahah or "don't ruin my day" lol tbt your best friend list
stop arguing with people don't get paid for taking a sick day...
fix this tweet so i can rt and laugh please lol
hillary's chances in the forecast are below 60% for first time since july.
the unfortunate part is most people only watch the news, and, the media is paid off-by the clinton foundation.
so why did your man spread the birther rumor to me in 2008, asking us to investigate? remember?
she didn't do the birther. it was all trump
a possibly valuable resignation for turning attention to the fact that control of technology = control of policy.
hence, it organization and cio are still very relevant for enterprise security and compliance.
he did? i missed that i guess
i guess it was the cup she was drinking from ppl were yelling at me lol
i watched clips of brendon, dominic and jeff after their showmances and they all had the same answer as corey.
exactly anyone with a brain would
ios customize cheyalev andhuke nachadhu. android customize chesthe slow ayipothayi. edho okati edavandi ra
ios thop.andrioid entha innovate chesina edo cheap feeling ostaaadi user interaction varaku. nexus use chestunde shift avakamundu
happy birthday beautiful can't wait to hopefully have you around next year!!!
ahh thank you girl i hope so too !!!!
hrc 40 yr record of racism vote for her you will get food stamps &amp; poverty, dnc only speaks of ppl, no +ideas?
beat it dirtbag. you're lying bullshit rhetoric isn't welcome here. crawl back into your slime hole in which you came.
every day it's clearer that trump is the most despicable person nominated by a major party in living memory. even nixon doesn't come close.
and he stands a good chance of winning. worst election ever.
cindy bonfini, computer scientist, argues against skills based training for refugees;we can't anticipate future employer needs
cindy bonfini, computer scientist, argues for humanities in digital education because we can't foresee future employer needs
expressing zero regret for years of pushing a racist conspiracy theory, trump again appointed himself judge &amp; jury on 's citizenship.
sthat is the only things you keep saying and it is a total lie
it's a good one.
it's posted?
mike lets us know that he invented "football friday"... (actually true)
u worked at cbs mike jimmy the greek made picks maybe u ripped him off..
this is utter bullshit.
they edited it @ some point bc this is what i read. :| glad to know what it said first.
studio today with and ...looking forward to finishing the next single... claudia fontaine...
awesome!! looking forward to hearing it!! do some snap chats at the studio today so we can see!
safety recall: exchange at your carrier for a new note7, galaxy s7, s7 edge or to get a refund.
very disappointing. i hope this gets worked out soon. i am waiting for my replacement for my note 7 now.
lowkey a jets fan
high key a jets fan
slowly becoming more worried about how many times i'm going to hear chainsmoker's closer this year
just wait until the all "joe" remix
nothing racist about assuming he was born in kenya &amp; saying he didn't earn his spot in law school.
yeah! he should have gotten into law school the right way....as a legacy like gwb did.
hillary started the birther movement. do u just conveniently ignore that? he wanted to see ted cruz's as well, explain....
that is a propagandist lie from the gop hrc never started it. some supporters discussed that he was exotic but she never acted
you can't be serious...
i'm asking what you value more right now. what are the biggest priorities to you.
your lack of irony makes me bleed from my wherevers. clean up your own candidate dude. he's a human superfund site
he should worry about djt and his comments his taxes his lies his mob ties his foreign conflict of interest
it's been 51 days (july 27) since 's last full press conference. had one yesterday.
what's your favorite tv show. as a pro how do you post such a moronic tweet? have u no shame
they, and the lightning to headphone jack adapter, work!
just as a heads up, you're still limited to one audio-out per device.
the battle begins... retweet and tag a friend for a chance to win a blu ray copy of captain america: civil war!
the battle begins... retweet and tag a friend for a chance to win a blu ray copy of captain america: civil war!
run at 4:30am during thunderstorms, work from 5:50am until now...need chocolate, and lots of it.
stop playing during scary weather!!
it's on both for me
shoot. noticeably sluggish, for sure.
so, trump was easily fooled by a bs story that hrc started? bad judgment.
that's called reaching, friend
i earlier tweeted that said hillary's staff spread the birther rumor. correction: hill's staff spread rumor o was muslim.
why you going down this path - used to be a big admirer but it's going to be tough to respect you after all of this
it's been 5 years, and trump's still pushing the notion that isn't american.
he is a great man with alot of honor and strength which is something you don't have
having fun testing the new rtx-3 wedges from ! can't wait to put these beauties in play!
what bounce/s do you play on your wedges ?
isn't this similar to all the tweets from one year ago when people said there's no way saban loses twice?
fair point!! but i picked ole miss to win last year
mexico: thousands of demonstrators demand president nieto's resignation
guessing that little sit-down with donald trump did him no favors.....
lol, we don't want that. fun day and it was great seeing you. the last time i saw you ever. lol.
even though we now kind of live in the same city lmao
mentally retarded hill resorted to racism as ultimate weapon when losing!
its a foregone conclusion muslim obama was born in kenya period!
she never did. she let her supporters spread the lies.
get educated then crawl back into the slimy whole in which you came dirtbag,
cut the part where i say the equalizer is good.
so just leave in the psychology section?
oh look, nina is cindernellea's fairy godmother. she's gonna make her pretty so she can steal sonny from carly.
boobs too? :)
boy am i getting a lot of earsplaining from you people.
my ears are also incorrectly shaped. i hear your pain.
i wanna build an app.
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app.our pf email to leads.com
the unfortunate part is most people only watch the news, and, the media is paid off-by the clinton foundation.
ran out of characters- in other words, don't count your chickens before they hatch
hillary started the birther movement. do u just conveniently ignore that? he wanted to see ted cruz's as well, explain....
yes djt did it to criz too and accused his father of killing jfk it was disgusting &amp; i can't stand cruz
weirdly, my so-called "blog" also does not describe that as "rape."
if you are "describing" something, then that is subjective, not objective.
ios thop.andrioid entha innovate chesina edo cheap feeling ostaaadi user interaction varaku. nexus use chestunde shift avakamundu
samsung ante shit dog run ehh inka. aa user interface , look, icons big turnoff .
slowly becoming more worried about how many times i'm going to hear chainsmoker's closer this year
just wait until the all "joe" remix
looking for a fix? an offseason review/preseason preview of here:
just what i needed
"let's reject the cynicism, the bullying, and the divisive rhetoric that my opponent is using to try and make us all afraid of each other."
the only way to do that is to get you out of the race permanently
looking for someone to help build an app for iphone &amp; android devices - any suggestions on who/where to start?
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app. our pf email to leads.com
i was taking obnoxious foot on sink selfies in the gym bathroom and an elderly women walked in and looked very disappointed.
don't worry mam i'm ashamed of my entire existence.
at this time, we don't have a release date for the optima plugin hybrid. please refer to for updates. ^lc
can you define a pre-order date? i need hope the care will still be out in oct or i'll buy a volt or bmw plug in hybrid.
mike lets us know that he invented "football friday"... (actually true)
mike sounds like howard stern..i invented radio robin whoo whoo whoo!
*crosses legs and covers ears?*
i literally laughed so hard i started coughing. jerk.
obviously clinton did this stuff, and also obviously they didnt force trump to do it for his own selfish reasons
again, though, you're implying that clinton has done everything trump is doing. ("this stuff"). that is simply not true.
ha, a work from home day?
naturally :d
still can't find my sleep number
stop searching, your sleep number will find you. - ghandi
shouldn't the cybercrime unit be investigating this, then?
maybe the perp is trying to build a perfect "10."
weirdly, my so-called "blog" also does not describe that as "rape."
i am just wondering where u got this notion of "rape" from, because it's not in your linked sources.
also good on the city for not rushing to a decision on parcel 3 and instead making it a temp. green space. taking note from
although long term i think that space on union and east ave would be better served as dense development with street level retail / food
wanting people to go through the process to be a legal resident is not racist.
no, but that's not the question of the racially freighted symbolism that trump started his campaign with.
i might get to go see shawn preform om the today show in nyc and then go meet idina menzel ahahahabhsj
what day is today show?
i hope that trump wins just so all of you idiots saying you're moving to canada will leave. it's too god damn crowded in this country.
shut up n be hot
hey there :) i need someone to build an app for the company i work for. who out there is an app builder?
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app. our pf email to leads.com
jets offense is rolling right now
to think i almost didn't even start him
oracle set for price war with aws &lt;will this really sway enterprises? imho: it will take more.
i'm not an aws fan, but even i think this is hilarious
donald trump looks at women and decides how their looks rate on a scale of one to 10.
how do you know so much. have you been in his eye before. no cause he would not have your fat ass
promoted tweets only appear at times set by the design. the are inserted into the tl, sometimes right after login. so...
even if i spent hours scrolling back to last night that content has since changed. i'm addition to paid twitter promos there are...
let us know: what are you watching this weekend, and why? -d
vs. . sacramento looking to stay top of the west, guaranteeing home field advantage for playoffs.
how many reporters cover protests at gracie mansion?
maybe once the 2nd ave subway opens gm won't be so isolated?
chelsea clinton skips daughter's first day of school to campaign for hillary
all hands on deck this ship is sinking!
to be honest i'm just fed up with apple. i can't keep paying for their premium and get the leftovers from samsung.
but yet you still bought the new iphone lol should've copped an android. despite you just copping an apple watch lol
enjoying the ps4 so far?
very much so. witcher 3 is fantastic, ps4 hw + sw seems like a great refinement of earlier consoles.
i can't believe i just watched a black woman on msnbc defend trump on potus birtherism issue.ma'am,you're sick.
seriously. she needs to get a brain. she is being sucked in by him, conn job.
what's you ask? well my good friend decided he wanted to bar hop tomorrow for college football saturday
interesting
when you can't when on issue it's time for the ''race-card''
if the shoe fits... now crawl back into the slime hole of which you were born. deplorable is to kind for you...
ugh, exactly the type of mistake i am all about.
related but not: my cousin has the type of eyelashes which just make his eyes look like a sad horse. frustratingly unable to get mad at him.
..while using the decorated vets as props ! shameful !
used a war veteran who extolled trump's "intellectual curiosity." hope he was being sarcastic.
i've received so many unsolicited dick pics i think i'm developing a sixth sense
wow he managed to neg you while simultaneously showing you his dick? that's....evil
the magnificent has some feelings about almond milk. these feelings are strong.
these feelings are correct.
defends maternity leave proposal in combative interview.
she's as evil as her father.
it has been suggested to me that other people don't like reading super long fw-d email chains the way that i love to (this is not a joke).
i am just a huge fan of eavesdropping in any form
oh i guess tha cops ca't tell a toy gun from a real gun i guess the fucking cops are stupid . they kill another fucking kid
dis song is dedicated to da stupid dumb ass cops the 1's that do stupid shit &amp; kill citizen's &amp; kids
eep! mind sharing which version of the app you're on? has it ever worked, or always crashed? -julia
sorry about that chris. just seeing if i can find any crash reports. do you mind sharing your instagram username?
caudabe just released the veil case for iphone 7. ordered one. i love this case, closest you can get to naked phone.
how will people see my phone's apple logo?
lmfaooo wait i can't even say what i want to say text me
is it that fucking camo hat
exactly ! go corey-keep it up
he said has been we so he is saying we will decide together
. last yr at uni was so discouraging.considered dropping out.folks like you give me strength!
seconded! last two years at liu were tough. felt alone a lot, like nobody gaf. i the new !
"airpods are sex sticks that fuck your ears" //why silicon valley is all wrong about apple's airpods
why silicon valley is wrong? apple isn't exaclty the most popular option here....
these are the shit!! why haven't i used them until now!??
what is it?
um i agree to all of this he pls listen???
i especially want the crop tops. //slams fists on table// a missed opportunity with the cheer outfits.
i figure if i'm worried that i'm being counted, then i need to find a way to step up.
agreed. i think you know in your heart when you've missed too much? i personally--
great review for a great record baby
album of the year baby
racism is hillary playing on emotions of black voters instead of offering them better proposals.
. like the segment that looks like this:
frankenista ! it's amazing what a good stylist can do for a person!
[blows kisses]
we in "the media" have called trump a shithead in every way imaginable. repeatedly. at some point it's not on us.
disingenuous matt. the television media especially nbc/cbs/cnn/abc have sent almost no tough stuff djt's way or hrc's 4 that mtr
so just leave in the psychology section?
this is just reminding me to rewatch the magnificent seven.
i just learned that my upcoming book, the hungry brain, will be translated into italian and sold in italy!
glad they're not translating to italian and selling in chile
the rap year book was picked as one of the 100 best music books of all-time --- that shit doesn't even sound real come on
"cole still went double platinum with no features tho"
promoted tweets only appear at times set by the design. the are inserted into the tl, sometimes right after login. so...
...3rd party publishing apps that can change the timing of what you see in your tl depending on time of login, device you use, etc
this thread is an indictment of cable news and traditional news media. and it is beautiful.
this thread is everything... but trump 'over-coverage' makes me wonder why outlets like pbs &amp; npr aren't thriving.
i woke up thinking today was my birthday and i was pissed because i didn't have any happy birthday texts lol
whens your actual birthday g?
i miss my dexter psychic wolf batman robin super sister
shut the fuck up
i don't believe those two are an accurate representation. just two classless bullies with anger issues
there are classless bullies on both sides but there seem to be a lot more on one.
omg at first when u said "karamatsu fashion" i thought u meant like leather jackets and v-necks but then i realised. blue sparkly
blue sparkly booty shorts, tanks with their faces, sparkly shoes. lol
i was so young and thin
ages change but wit is forever.
-hmu if you know how to make an app
share your details via
love the plus size! so you had reserved jet black right?
nope, it wasn't available even at 12:01am.
can someone come to my house and put together an ikea thing for me
what's the thing?
that is indeed a very good thing. thank you! :)
my pleasure! &lt;3
tv does have advantage of all those apps not on tivo. but, to my surprise, i find i hardly use them. maybe because i rarely shift to tv.
i use my appletv for netflix &amp; hulu about 95% of the time. it's the best way to watch netflix.
every 2k is worth it lol
was just about to say that
good, just got off to go to a doctors appointment
hope everything is ok
does anyone here know how to make an app?
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app. our pf email to leads.com
the birther movement was about delegitimizing the first african-american president in our history.
that's correct! so how about start tweeting to your millions of followers, "vote for hillary" daily!
applies to &amp; as much as right?
so... has auth: it's exportable. implementation of export still in dev.
this mall might just be dead
the mall may be dead but the entrance is
when i grow up i want to be like max snyder
that's funny because ... me too.
how many? are they birthers too?
if he was born in norway and trump questioned it, would he be racist? you idiots are so easily led it's sick!
i saw a puppy in a sports jersey this morning. and a vid of one going down a slide. a+ day.
living the dream basically
i really can't see the eminem influence in kendrick
listen to his verse on mmlp 2
giving apple music another go. how do the generated playlists stack up against spotify's discovery weekly ones?
not bad for their first shot at that sort of thing, but doesn't feel like parity with discovery weekly yet.
i think its enough to pinpoint genesis on clinton's camp. repubs then picked it up and amplified it too happily.
i see where you're coming from, but birther conspiracy theory crap isn't just some next inevitable step. it's different.
agreed. i think you know in your heart when you've missed too much? i personally--
wasn't doing enough on antisemetism a month ago. i realized it reading a step up tweet.
not a fan of the new home button on the iphone 7.
i'm a huge fan of it. feels just like force touch does on my rmnp.
oh i see that's how it should be
lol like of course we gunna pay, but we appreciate you wanting to. makes us feel good. a small but important thing.
the un is reportedly to recognize yom kippur this year.
but do they think israel won or lost?
nephew hell
omg so cute
what mesmerism does heatherwick practice on rich men?
. and rich women too, to be fair.
hey this was the year i learned how to blog so
thnx horton!
today's the day i was finally like, i can't do this anymore, it's bad for my mental health, and unsubscribed.
like there's enough endless, breathless coverage of trump's bs that you def don't need it in your inbox every day too
the amount of people criticizing apple's iphone handing out process without knowing anything about it is very large
on the other hand apple not explaining this/understand their confusion probably has something to do with the slow-down in apple converts
way too many questions you must think i trust ya
be quiet tiny arms ;)
ikr i need it in my life at least some of the cheer cards gave us quality tum peeking out
i want them in crop tops and a skirt tho
wasn't sure. i knew you had a lot of tools
i don't subscribe either. :(
some things to try today on your new iphone 7: spin a picker wheel, scrub through a table view section index, pull to refresh...
. don't forget switches. and then all the other lovely hidden haptics too!
needs to be always in teleprompter when he's without forget it getting trouble..and the media get crazyyyyyy destroy him.
yes, more discipline need to go into the weekend strong
lmfaooooooo no it has nothing to do with that i forgot about that but im fucking done he almost killed us
everyone almost killed us when we were tg
cmo of the year award this award recognizes the great job of . all merit to our outstanding teams
congratulations for being named cmo of the year. i would love if you would join us as our keynote speaker this december.
i also dreamt i was teaching a pomeranian/corgi mix to sit. best dream
you got some wild dreams there
route one need to make an app
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app. our pf email to leads.com
at least i've graduated up from fox news. aiming for the model of fairness in msnbc
just stay away from all tv. even wsj is more solid than anything on tv. i know u wont read waahington post.
ya it's super hard, but they can never stop you from standing up, but they can stop listening
i'm sorry i missed your keynote. couldn't afford to pay for an all-day github informercial.
i wish i took better photos, but i was distracted by all the beautiful women on set yesterday for
what you look beautiful hot ass hell &amp; sexy in this picture
harry reid: donald trump makes fun that i'm blind in one eye, but i still see "what an absolute fraud this man is"
blind in one eye and can't see a damn thing out of the other!
thank you! hope we can work on something together!
we'd love to! if we're ever in the same country we should set something up
seconded! last two years at liu were tough. felt alone a lot, like nobody gaf. i the new !
at the end of the day, uniting and working together makes success so much easier to achieve
we in "the media" have called trump a shithead in every way imaginable. repeatedly. at some point it's not on us.
if this had happend instead of press passing more bm,we'd b covering usa exposure2 new fraud like blockchain w/candidates or'08math
oh oh oh, was thinking airpods, ignore me
i also got confused.
i am just wondering where u got this notion of "rape" from, because it's not in your linked sources.
i see that the conclusion of "rape" is being drawn, but i see no fact of a 'rape' allegation.
greatest transformation ever goes to centereach kick line
thnak u sm !
days until red wings hockey. here he is with a hit on teemu selanne.
adirondack red wings represent!
i'm having a mercury retrograde life.
my moment isn't actually bad, it's just weird. an "old friend comes out of the woodwork" scenario
we're not disputing (at least i'm not) that repubs and trump took it to a different scale publicly and nationally
again, though, difference *of kind.* the clinton camp never implied there was secret damning information being hidden.
zero riffs and i heard he's from the north bay
everyone asks me what's pacifica &amp; i'm like it's near san luis obispo? i don't fuckin know i live in fuckin qns
that's what everyone says
yeah you should be in class rn smh
don't worry it has a happy ending
i just threw my phone across the office. it's fine, screen didn't crack
ideal: election is about big ideas like campaign finance, police state politics &amp; gov't surveillance vs 4th amendment. reality:
i would give my left kidney to have that ideal election. policing, privacy, human rights, climate
an elected official telling us that pointing out racism is a "ridiculous narrative" and that it "doesn't matter".
&lt;&lt; parody
we in "the media" have called trump a shithead in every way imaginable. repeatedly. at some point it's not on us.
you're an exception, matt but when uses phrase "stretched the truth" for an instance of a blatant lie they're not candid
not bad for their first shot at that sort of thing, but doesn't feel like parity with discovery weekly yet.
which is a little surprising given my use patterns. deep listening history available to apple, very shallow for spotify.
thank you for sharing your impact. great presentation .
thank you!
anyone know how to create an ???
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app. our pf email to leads.com
weirdly, my so-called "blog" also does not describe that as "rape."
it is a blog because you are describing her allegations as "rape". your descriptions = a blog.
her very last sentence, the one about 10 yo kids? so powerful.
yes, &lt;3: 10 yo boy she goes to school w be able to look at her &amp; say 'she can do whatever she wants'
just a kitchen island that i have no patience for
sure i'll build it
its a foregone conclusion muslim obama was born in kenya period!
corrupt meekswants tocontinue corruptionsw/ liar hill
trump has admitted falsehood about obama. i give rudy credit for pushing. hrc has been sick,but bither-ism has been sicker. 5 years of lies.
sure...and he blamed hillary! smh
can we still buy the full season package? i emailed you yesterday but never got a reply.
yes will be available when plays are ready. i'd like to know where my money is going first. will take care of email after
im off if you're in
i'm fucking in! that 7" is exclusive b-side
go from left to right. greater &gt; less less &lt; greater
why you quote tweeting this 2nd grader
again, though, difference *of kind.* the clinton camp never implied there was secret damning information being hidden.
framing facts (his father was kenyan) in shitty ways is not the same as making up frothy bullshit (he wasn't born here).
when you're driving south and see the first sign
noticed they added a "closed on sundays" on the highway sign! hahaha
love this song.
yeah, goes hard. one of my favs on the album.
not so fast buddy :-p the democrats started the birther issue ..in fact it began with the clinton campaign in 2007
jenny, i believe you are mistaken on this one:
my pants struggle to fit iphone 6 already tbh. my understanding is women's clothing doesn't prioritize pockets much, also
i carry a handbag or purse type of thing usually so as long as a phone fits in there i'm fine.
i just eat pussy other people need food
"i haven't eat pussy in like 4 years" - your words
i'm curious will the mission app come to ios? i'm really hankering to buy one but i'm not finding any info on this.
would you happen to know?
yes, and there is a full moon tonight! happy birthday to jack!
thanks :) yes, the moon was huge last night here.
most importantly, twitter finally proved they can monetize their logged out audience.
too bad it didn't help the bills win. :/
you're buggin i like it better than actual ice cream
chaaat that shit taste like flavored glue
lol! but pretty soon it's not going to mean much
agreed! people are already not taking it serious.. lol
dear apple, how am i suppose to tweet "if young metro don't trust you, imma shoot you" w. a fucking water gun?!
put the biscuit back!!!
because you're a racist race baiting hack
don't think trump and square pants look alike
ooh- iguana's and la vic's are literally a block from that picture if you like burritos. completely forgot about those spots
i would bathe in la vic orange sauce if i could. maybe i can snag a bottle before i move...
do bartenders not resent you for ordering worse things? i assume you tip like normal?
lots of people go to bars as designated drivers. tip as usual, if you want to get served as you usually do.
cries it's the outfits we need but don't deserve
its an outrage that only adonis gets all the sexy outfits. put the other boys in sexy outfits too pls he. actually kuro got some
so... has auth: it's exportable. implementation of export still in dev.
but even w/ api build/maintain export from apis is a cost for . but in theory, it doesn't block on us...
putting smokeshows through tables over on the barstoolparties snapchat
the best part is that i saw this live.
if real life was an rpg (it is) one of my passives would be "indiscernible race" because no one guesses my ethnicity right
i even have chinesies talkin chinese to me often
ahhhh. thank you, , for stating this.
this quote was all although i did edit it! :-)
i think carson is implying that he did not wake up and continue with his coffee and chocolate business
i wonder how quickly he could make $1.5 million dollars
expectations vs reality: lawrence edition
y'all look like the hofstra cast version of jersey shore. i think we need to start filming for the season primere
don't think it'll top the hotelier or 1975 for me, but we'll see. this shit is too heartbreaking to listen to at work.
pinegrove and modern baseball are up there for me too
racism is hillary playing on emotions of black voters instead of offering them better proposals.
. and now the delusional xenophobe is projecting too
since when did black stretchy chokers come back in style? i remember my sis sporting them in grammar school
those really thin ones, right? that kinda look like tattoos? i've seen a handful around, i remember 'em. 90s revival, babyyy
its an outrage that only adonis gets all the sexy outfits. put the other boys in sexy outfits too pls he. actually kuro got some
but still. i wanna see others in sexy outfits
at least he owns it
found your .gif
and people might get his name right too
inventor of autocorrect is the only person i'd gladly kill with no remorse.
had a little role in tonight's episode. if you're not watching yet...you should! damn fine storytelling.
congrats!! i'll have to check it out!
no diversity in unreal spin from that campaign, at least.
obama birther issue isn't about race. it is about idiocy. trump's, that is!
keeps telling me i have an award to open when i don't. ghost award. my ocd going nuts :(
same problem, same ocd. that "1" really needs to go.
i wonder if they meant at "a berkley university" or something similar - the article does say "uc berkley"
uc berkeley is correct. "berkeley university" is not.
perhaps i should be a little more unavailable...
when people love you they want you around if they don't then you find someone who does because you are so worth it!!
the govt has issued officially recalled the galaxy note 7. at least 26 burns and 55 cases of property damage so far.
just went to store where i was told to hold on to my *explosive* device until wed, when they're getting replacements
half the automated processing machines at phl are broken and you only have one agent working immigration!
's apc kiosks went down, plus early/late flights overwhelmed staff. we increased to 13 booth officers.
what the actual fuck apple retail? you have lost your way. i remember when you cared about customers and the experience.
umbrella for shade tho!
i also dreamt i accidentally fed the dog some peanuts too..even tho the peanuts were labeled turtle peanuts. i felt so guilty
it got more wild omg. a nightmare
one more month and i can switch from sprint to t-mobile yes gaaaaawd
but like do i really wanna do this i'm having second thoughts
today's launch scrubbed due to hydrogen leak. i told you not to touch the rocket.
im sorry. just so shiny .
yum! best dog of your life?
pretty good
that is not true. was not anyone related to the campaign. dumb ass
tony, we try to keep our threads issue based and without name calling. we are all friends here!
that type of commitment and responsibility stresses me out
didn't mean to stress you bruv
2011 - row began with supporters | via
and the lady who signed his bc conveniently died in a small plane crash in remote area of hawaii
u brought this onto urself i wonder what would cause him to end up wearing it
i dont think kaoru and koga would let him leave the dressing room
tr 290 departed late from alb. additional operational delays added to the disruption. we're sorry for the inconvenience.
only prob - the ticket window and the app told me it was "on time" oh well.
the fact that you think we don't remember it was you &amp; your campaign that started that racist mess. i can't w/ you.
but ummm, you started that.
loved the new stuff!!!!
xoac
gotta love how all my favorite characters in danganronpa keep fucking dying. i need to stop choosing favs lol
you probably can guess which character dying hurt me the most ;_;
happy birthday pretty love you and miss you
thanks rachel miss u too
everyone knows her record, president obama knows it. can disagree on policy, but trump is a racist. period
and he's a crappy businessman and human being
my model still shows him ending up with more pinocchios than electoral votes.
thank you for keeping this sh&amp;t show light ......
everyday i think about bein a sugar baby
me too haha
dp, bayo, link, everyone hates this boy
metaknight probably in there somewhere
xb1/ps4 7pm et free entry $10 prize 2v2 snd 1nd join below
need 1 ps4 be good and use skype and also don't have an ego
8/307 &amp; citibike also have given me past re how city uses cbs/cecs (unpaid vols) as buffer to decision makers &amp; electeds
all of this very thoughtful and perceptive, thanks. i've run into these phenomena too.
wal-mart is full of weird people. i'm gonna start calling them walmartians
you should see the one i go to. have no choice as they ran the iga out of town when it opened. the way people dress....oh dear
happy birthday, . we will never forget this special moment.
my birthday is coming up. can you guys sponsor at the cantina in sf? i'll rally the crew
painting of two-toned cats is latest decadence enjoyed among morally bankrupt and declining western upper class.
is that a sia cat?
isn't trump pissed at whoever tricked him into thinking obama isn't a citizen? i mean no one likes to look like a racist idiot.
fist larry king, now this!
inside trump international hotel in washington dc ahead of today's campaign event
i want to work there! lol
wow, i'd love to speak and offer my expertise about building a brand/community within a specific niche! hmmm
today is the deadline for the call for speakers. please submit your proposal
i'll use it in a sentence. is a really racist racist who often practices racism. see. i didn't need the word .
you are far more racist than is or could ever be. oh, by the way, you're an idiot.
this is very sad...
it is. and true.
why conservative christians would have hated jesus
but vote trump.
maybe when a doc scopes the places from which trump gets his ideas it's easier for him than other people who get colonoscopies. i doubt it
he has to fast for a day before. i loved it. man i felt so good. i do it again today.
my dad was born in poland. do you know how many people ever asked me whether or not i was born in america? nobody ever asked me that.
600,000 reasons bernieeee white knights illary
....hope you left room in suitcase for inevitable merch!!
i've been living out of a carry on for 10 days. i'll have to buy another bag
the more and more film i watch on shawnee the more i convince my self we can beat them!!!
the more i read ur tweets the more i wish i had ur game day sunglasses
yeaaaah. i always felt like he was vince's broke down attempt to have punk and welllll.. this backs that theory.
dont worry ya'll, the new adtr record is out so i'm gonna teach seth how to mosh.
but even w/ api build/maintain export from apis is a cost for . but in theory, it doesn't block on us...
...which is to say, in theory anyone could write/add a data source *pushing* to . e.g. . ;-)
mommy, make her stop yelling.
she's a lunatic!
i'd ask the same about piccadilly circus
agree entirely! worst
there is a rich history of both conservative and white liberals marginalizing us
it goes all the way back to garrison and frederick douglas
hope this story isn't dropped. note: you fast, i think have to empty your bowels, are sedated, &amp; recovery takes hrs
once you wake up, you could tweet. but, you have to do it fasted in the morning.
lol boarding now
can i crash this party?
the most recent episode of , &amp; 's the weeds is maybe the best ever, you guys. it's fucking awesome.
it's not bad but it's no
mr. trump has finally put away hillary's movement. it's one less thing the media can use to distract us from !
. mr.donaldcunt is a delusional xenophobe who is now projecting needs a psychiatrist
not to jump in on ya thread but same thing happened for me how'd u fix it?
yeah i did that too and ended up getting it
i'll see bc i won't get it for another 6 weeks
fuuuuck dude i'm praying that you go imagine how much fun that would be
i used to go to mexico one a year for vacation &amp; the same thing happened to me. every morning he'd wake me up. every year
it's not a terrible way to wake up, tbh
i hope i keep my personality throughout the years
i want to yell "swiggity swag" with my tongue out &amp; while holding shaka signs when i'm in my 70s
i really don't believe this place is ever going to open:
it was meant to open nearly a year ago.
i will rt this story literally every time it comes up in my timeline because it makes me kvell
better late than never
wait really?
that i just realized or that it's true
i don't know what we should expect to see there but it sounds a good idea. when will you do it?
has booked the tour for us. i hope we'll see a lot of tesla's :-) cc
do not hate me for the monster we've become.
hating commences
all of you are going to think that 47 wiewers are bad, but am really happy with it
you have to start somewhere!
trump has admitted falsehood about obama. i give rudy credit for pushing. hrc has been sick,but bither-ism has been sicker. 5 years of lies.
"stupid is what stupid does"
aligned?!?! his campaign manager is the head of breitbart.
that's the code for letting his core know this was for idiot consumption only, not for the alt-right movement.
are fake bookings and acceptances still funny?
this isn't a subtweet! i was genuinely wondering/doubting? honestly no friends were harmed in the process
ios only?
just start the ios sim, connect an app running in the sim to your mac app,
it's on both for me
know if a lot of people are experiencing this?
and if you think hillary will be better you're out of you damn mind "literally"
anyone who calls himself hillbilly whoever doesn't indicate to me he has a clue about anything beyond the hollar.
"let's reject the cynicism, the bullying, and the divisive rhetoric that my opponent is using to try and make us all afraid of each other."
what basket did you stick the "divisive" rhetoric in?
so cool! are you lucky enough to live in sf?
i live in the south bay. i make occasional visits to the city when something is going on up there.
lmao is rei's fashion sense that bad in canon i never rly found out
lol no. he has a pretty normal, casual fashion. just a lot of dark colors, but its pretty plain. koga is the wild one
send yourself something in it in the mail!
i'm thinking about just giving myself a gift :)
"we like nicole to be kind of naive and innocent"-julie chen. oh so sorry jc. i wasn't aware nicole wasn't allowed to play the game.
she's a freaking adult a grown ass woman get over it
head up g
trying to kid good lookin out
ghost award just opened. two of the same award? yeah, they mucked this up all around.
oh look, after a while a duplicate award appears. is this a conspiracy to drive us all mad?
a news study says taking makes you happier. in other news...most studies are bullsh*t.
pretty lady !! keep taking pics save gods animals
the policy of airing a bunch of partisans arguing issues guarantees that there is no political penalty for lying or having bad policy.
who are you referring to?
omg. this lady is a walking conspiracy theorists spewing lies and misinformation.
where did this lunatic come from? she's scaring me. is she the president of the liars' club of america?
i admire your optimism, but a loss like that is demoralizing. could have been the killer to the season
we were already supposed to be dead/ done post-trade deadline. so right now everything they've done since is gravy.
so kendrick does a verse on mmlp and suddenly he has strong em influence?
he always had one... all these new lyrical rappers do. i'm just saying it's easier to see with a side by side
giving away 10 tickets to see on 9/26 at 7:30pm in . rt to .
love this film! saw it on one of my flights!
once you wake up, you could tweet. but, you have to do it fasted in the morning.
it's impossible that he had a colonoscopy that day, unless he paid his doctor to open at 5am or something, which... come on.
2,000 ppl shut down 5th avenue last night . where's the coverage ?
story is up nothing yet from
all of this very thoughtful and perceptive, thanks. i've run into these phenomena too.
of course, on some level, ppl right that some voices matter more... not coincidence no station in front of schumer's house :)
trump would be in the gulag for being a nazi. please use more accurate comparisons. or just don't do that at all.
huh? trump takes his lead from putin these days.
fist larry king, now this!
oops should be "first "
"why are there so many people in line at the company store?" "oh right iphone launch day, forgot about that."
no it's the new ipod shirt.
"women are not to be understood but learned from and experienced." - my mom
she so wise
rollin on molly???
nah pop rollin on 22s skirtin on all these pill poppin "college students"
what a bunch of rubbish! hillary and her people have failed at failing, except for the failing part!
makes this shit up as she goes along. does she realize how dishonest and stupid she sounds?
or "here's what you've missed."
that one doesn't bother me so much bc like overnight or whatever, and it's still my timeline. but yeah,
i know! i remember that only on the day itself! (and i have also wished her a happy birthday, with an in-person buss.)
my buss is always late.
donald trump's pants on fire claim that he 'finished' the obama birther talk
just because it get repeated again and again, doesn't make it so. name drop, mark penn
the anatomy of an execution by stoning style. bill clinton would be getting one under shari'ah.
islam. barbarian savages. muslims out of west. crush them
ufc 203 tomorrow night. time for the to get back on the championship path.
got this a little wrong.
is this not a scam?
yeah and it's being probed right they will be behind bars soon and we will be corruption free
its sad to see people take time out of there day to be mean to someone.
especially when they don't even know eachother
is there or will there be a video of the talk?
eventually i believe so yes!!!
ugh, exactly the type of mistake i am all about.
in tandem with sad pierrot eyebrows and it's just like "break my heart already".
my husbands says... oh, fuck him. he's never dick-pic-ed me either.
that's just shameful! i dickpic weekly!!
trump would be in the gulag for being a nazi. please use more accurate comparisons. or just don't do that at all.
and frankly who cares? unless you're voting hrc you don't get to pretend to be a defense against trump
new pok bowl place in chinatown!!!
did you hear about one of those places that does jamaican food? pok, mon
same...but i don't use it in my cooking often...only for the table and when i'm making a spice blend that calls for it.
i used it in everything. i love pepper so much. i'm obsessed.
poll: 54% of voters believe that donald trump is more transparent than hillary clinton
assuming that people know what "transparent" means...
ugh sorry for all the typos. going too fast today. but does that make sense? twitter tl algo has a lot of variables, paid or not
even if i grabbed the link it'd likely be expired "sorry doesn't exist" since ads are usually run for short periods based on budget
i've given it a try. does this look correct for hacker news?
it does look correct
i'll bring some appetite. you got food recommendations?
you like chicken? if so then two words "bon chon". you better ask somebody lolz /cc
is the picture fake? you no is not is a true picture and a fact
so??? hillary's mentor, senator byrd , was a dragon for kkk!!!
more than a lot less than too many
just the right amount
live shot of you trying to cut the line.
bro i'm just trying to find a place to sit at this point.
very close, but i'm guessing you're not starting them. since that's the case, lockett
nah. they're wr5. and the only other one would be sharpe.
i think i prefer just waiting for a show to be over so i can just watch it straight through not wait for a new ep every damn week like twd.
or their goddamn season finales that give me stroke symptoms
this is what the moon looked like earlier this morning, it will be full tomorrow!
beautiful moon
thank you! dude i cut them myself but i made sure they weren't too short in case i didn't like them lol
my sister told me to do that lmao she was like go on youtube but i'm scared i'm like so uncoordinated when it comes to that
don't be a bitch
don't know if thats a yes or no
mexicans who never learned how to dance cumbia will always say it's wack but ya just mad ya can't dance
no it's wack , literally
to register or not register for twin lights ride in new jersey. that chance of rain though. when's final registration date?
ten-day forecast calls for sunshine!
i cant take you seriously with your bio saying "blm"
lmao and you think i care because? what kind of cookie do you want?
, continued. she has spent $$$$$ and been running for years. what is going on here?
don't get ahead of yourself. keep in mind was leading in the polls too!
cancelled my subscription because of your incessant clinton-bashing.
i did awhile back.... the times is now in the basket of deplorables...
it was unavailable
unbelievable.
i put that in my bio just for u cuz u libs defend body image but when i don't agree with you, you attack on my image
do you know what image means?
which store? at union square they haven't even finished with all of the 9:00 people.
chestnut st, fortunately
i barely know where slo is. is pacifica a real place? never heard of it (i don't leave la)
south to north it goes la, santa barbara, elephant seal beach, crystalbullshitland, sj, sf, wine, weed/meth, pdx
everybody has breasts its completely normal to get a breast exam or do one on yourself, your masculinity is still a1 i promise! get checked!
every since my surgery i get them checked once a year. it's a good practice!!
donald trump looks at women and decides how their looks rate on a scale of one to 10.
every red blooded man does exactly that.. where we differ from bill is we don't rape so there's that
thank you! dude i cut them myself but i made sure they weren't too short in case i didn't like them lol
they look good on you though! might need to hire you to cut mine
please retweet. thanks for the help. -vj
trump has hurt so many people. you have to be smarter than this! shame on you! he;s raped a girl too. trump univ. wake up
of course, on some level, ppl right that some voices matter more... not coincidence no station in front of schumer's house :)
and, more can and should be done by city to flyer/poster in neighborhoods when large changes on the table.
it goes all the way back to garrison and frederick douglas
liberals think we are niggers too they just say it differently
i did!!! holy shit, that's amazing....i can't wait to drink to that!!!
congratulations!!! when do we start to pack??
i want a president who respects our troops. that ain't barry.
well, it ain't draft dodger donald either
love using my way to grow leave in conditioner when i get out of the shower
their sea salt spray is the best!!
i can't believe this ratchet ass ese just tried to school me on home training, i sure let his ass have it. foh dusty.
i walked in the store to pick up my merchandise, he's behind the counter chatting it up. i interjected like "i'm here to pick up."
anyway to get in faster? i seem to have gone backwards in group numbers! getting tired of waiting!
.. let's show josh some love here brian and shoot him an invite to the professional edition next week. :-)
just ordered the iphone 7 plus...won't get it til end of october?? tf? is it made out of unicorn horns and gold?!
victoryyy!!!
"have you ever smoked weed?" umm....
yes quite often actually lol
true. though if you're too tempted, closing may be better than racking up balances.
i'm planning on closing a few soon just to streamline. my score is doing fine
and here is obama lashing out against hillary in 2008 for first suggesting the birther idea
look into his college application forms i think he lied
eastman's death was so shitty.
the poor goat too.
waiting for 's medium post like
waiting for approval, so it'll take a bit
icymi: royal air maroc shows off boeing 787 dreamliner at -
i flew the dreamliner on this summer and it was the smoothest ride ever.
happy birthday to this gem! thanks for being the best mom a girl could ask for. hope your day is as perfect as you
thanks danielle, love u to pieces!! can't wait to see you tomorrow!! love you!!
that's what happens to me
something is off then
u tryna flex smh say less
i was i was, i'm back in reality , good times were spent out there bro good times, abuelo would be proud lmaooo
my latest 'little of visualisation design' posts, about (mis)handling long labels
*or* maybe just call him arnold and leave off the
out of curiosity, what kind of lock were you using?
kryptonite series 2 mini. i'm a bit freaked out, thought that was best one out there. and it was locked really well.
that ride on realm was absolutely dreadful
shame on ortiz for getting boxed in - in a 5 horse field. great 'race riding' by rosario. giving him no quarter.
later im goin to his fav shave ice place
stronger proof of hawaiian birth than any certificate.
there's no way you can. his total disrespect of women,poc,veterans disqualify him. period!
where are these people's minds at? they act like he is a savior.
"everyone interested in change as long as someone else goes first." ceo david entwistle
hmm...people aren't inherently reluctant/resistant to change.it's the way we go about it
hiii, you seem amazing in tsf! some great scenes. may i get a follow back please? :-)
hi justine thank you so much! absolutely!
i don't understand this. i've got a sister doing the same. she think trumps more christian than trump. omg.
he actually told me trump was for me even though i'm not for trump! wtf?
( a try at making it work with current chrome, i mean)
what api are you using for modern chrome?
a must listen....rock stars of
where? i want to hear?
brain cancer is now the leading cancer killer of kids
mutation in a gene called rb1. wtf.
you guys rock the house! if you are in in the 27th , stop in!
its's the 29th!!! the 29th of september! (watch me get fired - sheesh!) see you there!!
it is, lots of nice goodies. bad day to be a turk.
there goes that pipeline
still trying to figure out the difference between the fraternal order of police and the national association of police organizations
is one a club for individual officers while the other is a collection of jurisdictional unions? same members. diff purposes
that's bc you want adam. we know
never forget elsiefest rooftop confessions
translation: my father has lied over and over by saying the issue was audits.
his main message being: obama's black. you know it, i know it. now let's fix it.
drumpf is nra with nra and they own his ass.
the hired shitler so there you have it.
&amp; you think love the poor and helps them? please look at what she did2 us in ny
why don't you tell us what she did without talking through your butt.
corrupt meekswants tocontinue corruptionsw/ liar hill
what apology msnbc! u r allergic w/ truth as liar hill! muslim obama iskenyan native!
kinda bored today and wanted to see if i could still do a leap... it's not perfect but not too shabby either
well at lease your jump is a lot better then my u are so cute both inside and out xoac
alexis just dipped her bacon in syrup. this is why we're friends.
no other way to do it
and, more can and should be done by city to flyer/poster in neighborhoods when large changes on the table.
but local good governance work is thankless, and nearly all complainers only show up when something doesn't suit them
are you sure? i dont believe on my eyes.
which part ?
i walked in the store to pick up my merchandise, he's behind the counter chatting it up. i interjected like "i'm here to pick up."
he says "next time, you say excuse me." i said pardon?! it ain't gone be a next time and i don't need to say shit, can i get what's mine?!
which brand!?
simply protein
even if i grabbed the link it'd likely be expired "sorry doesn't exist" since ads are usually run for short periods based on budget
i ran ads for the oakmtg forum. it just surprised me how limited they made the ads.
i just hate them all
fox is disgusting. trump is dividing this country so badly
the other correct response: \_()_/
the heart wants what the heart wants.
if you not dropping the class you gotta pull some shit lowkey to get their ass
i got a trick for his ass
packing up the van for a surf inspired photoshoot today follow me on /dannpetty for behind scenes
just curious, did you build this van yourself or did it come from another owner like that?
"donald trump looks at a distinguished judge born in indiana, and he sees a mexican, not an american." -hillary
what did you mean when you called teen age moors "super predators"? what does "bring them to heel" mean, ?
initially it did, but after a while it was processed smoothly
hmm mine still shows that. thanks! what format did you upload?
trump just mocked harry reid's eye injury. reid's response is perfect - democratic underground
except trump did that in response to reids absurd comments on the floor. angry old man.
omg!!!! are u kidding???? lol under the duh column.....
this is clickbait. hundreds or thousands of us will vote (click-thru's), ballooning their ad revenues.
vic usually doesn't allow me to pack. "i don't do it correctly"
oh, so we can do a spa day instead of packing one day??
most recently...when jay dropped that my "jewelry/jury hung" line on that pusha joint i was like
banks had a similar line before
love that pinegrove record. you gonna catch mobo on the tour with brand new and tfb?
they aren't coming to nyc so probably not
by the way, those awesome wool loc extensions on the models were very reminiscent of cybergoth fashion. y'all gotta chill.
and viking culture, greek culture, biblical figures, egyptians. oh and rastafarians, beginning in the 20th century
but local good governance work is thankless, and nearly all complainers only show up when something doesn't suit them
and people are hardly ever equipped to say "you know, while i did nothing to help, others worked hard to negotiate this..."
he says "next time, you say excuse me." i said pardon?! it ain't gone be a next time and i don't need to say shit, can i get what's mine?!
as if i'm disturbing your ass. boy if you don't get the fuck.
this make me lol every time i scroll by it
i honestly thought of u when i posted it
how do you do that?
you gotta update your phone to ios 10 then download the gamepidgeon app
thought so. i mean, he wears all yellow and is called "yellow claw"
yep, marvel was pretty racist in the early days with their cold war villains
bored, drunk, and lonely lol
you sound like an old lady
had my first one a couple days ago at phoenix bakery and kinda liked it.
i wonder if this is true. pretty disturbing if so!
no. just stop. this is reactionary griping from people older people who feel like the world is passing them by.
mostly agree, but it does mean ability to read handwritten primary sources &lt;1980 will require special skill.
have you seen this?
definitely outrageous disgusting bunch
cop that shit you don't wanna be that corny last model nigga
i am lol. u copped?
i like the way it looks as a finishing ingredient...but it can get bitter when cooked on high heat or for extended cook times.
sometimes i put oil down in the pan and then let pepper cook in it. infuses the whole mean with that flavor.
i want a boyfriend but i also want to be left the fuck alone. the struggle.
same here, except i'd like a girlfriend (not a boyfriend) :)
wait you can get fired for this????
only at syracuse, at louisville you get a raise
don't giggle. it's true.
it is not..is it? no.. come on
who hacks an account to post one porn tweet. also i guess two-step does absolutely nothing? check mark ain't worth this shit
i love how it remains your pinned tweet lololol
we are live at our 2016 owner's meeting in san francisco! welcome all owners and thank you for being here!
- travelbound enjoying a great owners! great meetings with great and innovative owners!
omg no way threading is so much better. lasts longer, looks better, &amp; you never get any of those dumb wax bumps.
it's more painful tho but once i switched to threading i nvr went back to wax. place on dpa does it for $6. otherwise it's 10-12$
omg the divine feminine is so good
you outdid yourself. thank you for this album. "stay" needs to be a single!
new york medical college
ahhh lets goo good shit sis word
youre giving joel too much credit, he did his own butcher job to his own mount.
you are right sir... i stand corrected.
or never mind. deleting my tweets because already said it here:
don't delete! yours are helpful too!
dark and casual is still nice tho, i rly liked that outfit you drew for him in your reikoga fashion doodle! ^ p ^
thats the kind of fashion i had hoped he would be into, but hes into cardigans and cute nerdy button ups
omg this team call i'm on is the absolute best thing to happen at work in months.
you must be talking about all the great things in boron right?
go raiders&amp;cubs! : ) sweet u are
tgif n rrraaaiiidddeeerrrss
mathematically... with all the groups trump needs to win.. how could anyone think this election is up for grabs or remotely close?
150m firearm owners in the us &amp; hrc wants to further restrict their right to bear arms. could be trouble for her...
"i wanted to hook up with hotter girls." it's official. the chainsmokers (who?) are the worst people ever
i wish i didn't read this
yeah, i did. an am now. piss off.
sorry to loose you or anyone from our important civil conversations, but good bye.
i wonder how many times i'm gonna try to swipe to open my phone
is the phone or nah?
i said racial profiling doesn't occur here. "i can't vouch for other areas"
somehow i doubt you would know.
. and where is 's former fundraiser, norman hsu, now?|
this was her fundraiser in 2008 who went to jail. don't think he's involved now.
. stop trying to convince people you're nice, you're a cunt! but you're fierce! let your art speak for itself!
i think gets beat down the most on social media because she's so competitive. still, ppl love her creativity.
i can't watch broadcasts on pc now. its just a black screen with audio
we've fixed the issue, but please email support.com with details and a screenshot if you notice further issues. thanks!
of . to prevent him from exercising his constitutional rights?
you must be really greateful. he gave you official positions. whats the latest on the sex tape? lol
why does obama golf w/rich white men &amp; push "racism"? i'm so confused
honey, because poor black men don't play golf. it's the demographics of the sport... bad comeback though
and people are hardly ever equipped to say "you know, while i did nothing to help, others worked hard to negotiate this..."
"... and while my community is benefiting and i didn't have to lift a finger, i'd prefer some changes to the process"
chip no one has all the answers we all know that. trump is pushing against all the politicians who have used hardworking people
and then he stiffs them out of their hard earned pay. nice.
not really
then idk what to tell you .
harry reid goes off on donald trump: "what a liar!"
harry reid is a joke! just an angry old man nobody wants to hear or listen to! sounded like a child with all those insults.
haha the girls here are so hot it's ridiculous i wish i cld talk to them nd yea it's all good it was a miz up!
oh word ! and haha can't speak italian ?!
here is the after photo. some with hair pulled out, chewed on, looking worse for the wear.
my muppets having their own !
rip to my cousin johnny wills who stayed around 4 years longer than the doctors expected but its never up to an...
((hugs)) i'm so sorry, are you ok?
the orgy scene in sasauge party &gt;
nah that scene was top 5 weird
will be my first ceramic watch, but at least my wife has a couple i can compare too!
that bell &amp; ross is gorgeous.
just start the ios sim, connect an app running in the sim to your mac app,
seriouspost could you make a software audio input and then select it as siri's input source in siri settings
and there goes the season
he's going to play u fucking idiot
the fall guy , rex can't fire himself he's basically the d coordinator and hc smh
thank god he didn't come to us for the hc gig lol
the day of today (me)
are you on the next season of dancing with the stars?
classes are shorter today &amp; that class felt extra long
wait why are they shorter?
lots of posts from sony fanboys about there competition for scorpio! i'll tell you what! if sony launches ps5 next year i'll buy it lmao
they're gonna be really disappointed lol
ohio is not the state to be in
thats why u need to cone home
iron man was their big super jingoistic character, wasn't he?
yeah, although for every titanium man or radioactive man he fought there were like 3 porcupine or planet man
sounds like you're about to get blocked!
everybody calm down. down wana have another kyle of summer 16 incident......
exactly richard i have nothing against anyone who has opposing political views unless they get mean
i am with you jenny! while we don't agree on some issues, we obviously care, and try to be informed! go us! :)
youre giving joel too much credit, he did his own butcher job to his own mount.
i've witnessed cleaner trips at kentucky downs with 14 horse fields.
some obnoxious male who looks like a busted kneecap is telling the women they're not pretty enough for ... ok, then.
they are roasting him! called him an m&amp;m peanut with pine sol eyes lmfao! his mentions are in shambles
"why didn't you to invite me to go to black church?" "are you black?" "no" "ok well you just answered your own question."
how dare you take this page out of my autobiography
shaykh said look at the few million people who did hajj. now imagine what yawm al qiyama will look like when billions of ppl go crazy
where did you pray ?
damn that shirt!!!! is so incredible!!!! do u mind if i ask where it's from?
isnt it great??? i got it from here!!!
where we at tonight
pull up with angel lol
you mean what feeds the pipeline. all the offshore wells are a valid target now.
afaik azerbaijian has no countermeasures for iskanders, correct?
wow 's talks about building turbotax for foster parenting app process.
true story: is a model of
but then i'm somehow i bay area honk if i say a bay area show shouldn't be hosted by a raiders fan in las vegas. ok, fine.
stand your ground. it's a stupid move by . i won't be listening.
eddie i been wanting the hands with you since u came took my girl
lmao not me i can take no ones girl
is repugnant as he belittles 's injury, gets deserved response by via
except trump said that in response to reids absurd outburst. just an angry old man nobody likes!
why is there a new blair witch? when i was suffering the 1st time, my only solace was "they can't do this again"
this is hilarious
but u got my number fool
you'd come to soho?
hi all
hi roxy how are you
just donated $0.72 to the "united negro get fucked up fund" don't know how legit it was but the man who took the money was committed.
i shook his hand and now my hand is sticky. gonna pretend he had a cinnabon this morning.
they had hoodys and coats??
not yeezy, not today at least. other brands tho (hba, spiewalk, kors, ralph, raeburn, etc)
there'll be health crisis of depression if it happens.don't want sen.sanders to lose his fire though against wrong
he hasn't for 30+ years:-)
shut the fuck up please
what'd he say? i'm blocked
grab your go cubes here jake: look forward to hearing your thoughts!
please send him a free pack to review. he's an influencer and thought leader in the caffeine space.
hard to overstate how much my cat hates terry riley's "in c"
your cat is wrong.
i'm not sure twitter is a healthy choice for me anymore. was it ever? once, the positives outweighed the negatives. do they still?
i struggle with this myself, and only you know the right choice. but there are folks here for whom your words are a world.
some doctors are no good
wat happened sis ? is everything alright?
.... which one should i go with? need advice.
i _like_ apple's upgrade program, because i find service providers annoying to deal with, but the plan...
i have work i need to do and all i wanna do is eat snacks and watch cartoons right now
you just need a job eating snacks and watching cartoons.
interestingly, clinton foundation dealings in haiti getting a lot of criticism/accusations from trump supporters here in miami.
yes, we are very surprised that buzzfeed does not report the haiti scam of the clinton foundation!
the uses of patriotism
oh boy this is a bad one
i feel like coca cola should have done this - fizzed up coke blak from japan make coffee soda
it's great but doesn't come out fizzy or carbonated
two and a half hours later...
holy hell. i thought they did appointments now.
zero line at the att store by us. &amp; beats buy one get one
which model did you get?
never forget how drunk everyone was
adam wasn't drunk.
trump: "hillary clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy. i finished it"
no ones buying the bullshit you're selling . we're telling you to go fuck your self!
lol i'm literally trying to get my life together... the email i just received literally is the curve ball i did not need. i did not need.
crying x's 985842310r497zxxxx35
richard u run a company if u had a team member making false accusations abt another dev the public would hold u accountable
i agree! leaders should purge inappropriate behavior on their teams, and lead by example.
why does obama golf w/rich white men &amp; push "racism"? i'm so confused
if he liked to play basketball, you'd see maybe more black people, but then he'd be racist against whites for that
i'm sure this has been pointed out many times already but...the bills give up 37 and score 31 and rex fires his offensive coordinator?
because the offense calls so bad that couldn't score enough to let me give up points
i think it's time for the big t shirt and nike shorts uniform to die and some self expression and individuality to shine
now is the time for adiddas pants
astagfirallah !! you really are getting me one!
that was your only chance and it's gone
does someone have a .mp3 of feist performing "secret heart" solo/acoustic? need it for, like, my health
i actually might. i have to check my external at home. that was my era yo! i saw her at columbus circle borders lol
also jenni what lip color you wearing
it's nyx!!! it's very orange i like it a lot, you can try mine if you want!
...all of which spout lies and they lap it up. i worry we are well and truly fucked. pardon my language.
sure we r all f'd up- that is the human condition but truth/lie right/wrong -- not really gray
i _like_ apple's upgrade program, because i find service providers annoying to deal with, but the plan...
isn't materially better. if verizon is offering a better monetary offer, it's a better offer \_()_/
this shouldn't have to be said: you don't just get to say someone else did the worst things you've done. it doesn't work. no one buys it.
plouffe said in 2008 that the clinton camp first floated the picture of obama in traditional african garb. own it!
the dc icons flash chain lighting comes with a treadmill!
you mean this? =d
you are hoping for kejriwalji's arrest in this particular scam. besharam party. how blatantly misusing public money. shame!
yeah i do .. because he is the source of this political corruption and he need to be behind bars for ram raj oops modi raj
i think it's time for the big t shirt and nike shorts uniform to die and some self expression and individuality to shine
now is the time for adidas pants
not sure who it was who predicted daesh-flag-inspired streetwear about 6 months ago but i guess they were correct so well done
surprise it's taken this long.
i'd still lean lockett. gronk, d lewis, bennett not blocking will all eventually come into the target picture for hogan.
makes sense. how might brady playing impact your assessment?
2015-16 kyrie &gt; 08-09 wade because wade never exposed an mvp and kyrie exposed the unanimous mvp. i'm fucking done bro
i see why i'm blocked
i'm positive that's a made up word but still that's dope
it's citrus-cooked seafood that sounds like a 90's r&amp;b trio.
i'm going to really miss these two teaming up for the quillen this year.
me too! glad you noticed
maybe david should just try leaving his house more in general
david was talking up sausage and peppers the other day then didn't come into manhattan to eat one
zomg!!!!!!!! yes!!!!!!!! i love this box!!!!!!!!
can't wait to unbox it. (going to wait until i open it)
should i, followers?
always, i assumed that they aren't hot takes if you ask us
it's not just the day of, it's the day before when you have to empty your bowels.
it's the night before so if you saw a tweet gap, it would be from 9am-11am or something like that.
i totally agree he should have let it go and believe me i don't want him as pres but i dont want hills supreme court picks
fair enough!
because of course you did
never trust folks who overuse exclamation marks or ellipses
we've already had this discussion, kolsky, and we disagreed on some points. do you think kap's protest has lost mojo?
i'm not totally sure what you mean by that. i think his cause is worthy of protest.
what apology msnbc! u r allergic w/ truth as liar hill! muslim obama iskenyan native!
deplorable hill's supporters check ur smelly vaginas/big balls/tiny penis, obama is kenyan native!
hope you all understand where i'm coming from when i said to not follow reema around much love!
that is soo dangerous! adam be careful where you vlog! you have too many fans.
"for me, it's all about " haitian americans for explain why, waiting for his visit
yes glenna, very surprised that the 's at the clintonnewsnetwork do not discuss this.
is currently experiencing delays averaging 55 mins due to weather / low ceilings
a delay program for is no longer in effect
he will be depressed knowing he could have beaten trump handily.
i'm sure he was devastated about the when we always knew they were cheating.
hmmmm. i wonder if apple uses history for bought music, or if it started over from scratch?
good question. i never purchased much through itunes. my 10-year itunes listening history is mostly ripped library/apple music.
never forget: trump led a racist lynch mob &amp; got 5 youths wrongfully convicted in the centralpark jogger case. they spent 6-13yrs in prison!
to this day, trump has not apologized to the central park five. he still thinks they are guilty.
love your service, there are some inconsistency between when you say something will be delivered and when it actually arrives.
i bought a camera saying it will be delivered on the 15th, usps says it won't arrive until the 19th
don't really object to claim trump ended birtherism. certainly played big part...
u shld be ashamed of yourself for pretending to "objectively" report on this clown. he's a fascist on verge of destroying country
a message to you from chris barrie
dear, we are all pulling for you in america. best wished_g
the community has it's highs and lows. very low, some of them. but there are some folks on here for whom this is the only community.
if you can remain a member, i hope you do. and i hope together we can make it a better, safer community.
brazil cant wait to watch the show can you follow me? im already a fan of it!!
glad to hear it! if people keep sharing like this, i'm sure the right people will notice and of course!
okay what on earth is a planet man
whoops! meant plant man
that was with an 8:30 appointment
oh shit. i have a 5pm appointment and somewhere to be at 6pm.
does someone have a .mp3 of feist performing "secret heart" solo/acoustic? need it for, like, my health
dm me ur email so we can trade other such 2009 trax
firstly i am a scholar well know with in the academia ! and i give talks around the world and at meant uni's
yea, that can be seen by your barren tl.
agreed. he brings too much drama to teams. he'll pop up as a d-coord somewhere
yeah i could see him as a dc. rob ryan, on the other hand, should be selling hot dogs in the stands.
carlos slim's personal bloggers are chasing the hot stories!
- omg maggie, i guess he is unqualified to be president. did someone drop you on your head as a child! or are you that stupid.
a6 retirees underestimate the value of rewards. those points can make big difference on fixed budget!
especially if you're a disney fanatic like me
mike caprio () talking about and openspace nyc buildathon for our lunch talk at collab friday
busy collaborating. we have visitors from all the world stopping by, including new hanover island, new ireland.
whoops! meant plant man
but yeah most iron man foes look like this-
she doesn't look like a duggar sister but damn nina outfit looks like someone rip the curtains out of a brothel made her dress
it's just not attactive on her
you're seriously missing out
he would come in to cogans and follow me around waiting for money to fall out of my pockets
firstly i am a scholar well know with in the academia ! and i give talks around the world and at meant uni's
firstly you are a proven liar, so your words are meaningless.
man if only was here rn i would've gone to visit her, im in her city rn
i miss my little city and you!
everyone's like "make a youtube channel with make up" but i'd probably be drunk and cussing the entire time so
if you make one i'll make one and we can collab
i'm very offended by the good in your morning.
i'm going to need that in the form of a hashtag.
the court ruling was referring to language in the ballot measure arguments, not their misleading ads
that's unfortunate. do voters even read measure arguments? they do see the onslaught of mail, tv and social ads tho.
i don't like mac millers album, but i like that track with anderson
that shit fire lol you wild
i can't wait until good and smart people have their time freed up from having to chase down the lies and corruptions of donald trump
me too, . media claims an enthusiasm gap for hillary-no, it's that we're exhausted by trump's act&amp;media's inability to cover it.
between this and 's offer, someone could make some real money.
cuban is a distraction and not worth a response
the sad thing is your response shows me your defeat and you are unable to respond to the verses i presented
anyone can see i did respond. keep trying lying imam.
we have ordered ours in the uk coming start of october
you will love it!
...where did the colonials and their minions flee to after the brutalized, oppressed masses had enough---west coast no/so america
(2)...same outdated mandate about ---hijack their gods and forbid them weapons still holds true in the sado/demented minds in usa
i've had so many people ask me to get them the new iphone. my answer is no, you can wait in the line like everyone else.
i'm shocked people actually want the new iphone.
good question. i never purchased much through itunes. my 10-year itunes listening history is mostly ripped library/apple music.
and a long period of very light itunes use during the rdio years
if you can remain a member, i hope you do. and i hope together we can make it a better, safer community.
one of the lows: me using the wrong "it's."
love your service, there are some inconsistency between when you say something will be delivered and when it actually arrives.
i also bought a lens. you said it would be delivered by the 20th and it arrived today! which is great but the expectation is off.
not so cool if you're poor and don't have a smart phone. and need a phone.
actually they provide free wifi as well as terminals in the base to call and access the internet.
the sad thing is your response shows me your defeat and you are unable to respond to the verses i presented
the only way for you to defeat me is to kill me. i am in ny fake ass muslim.
i swear. when you get famous i can say we sang together
lmao. jude, who is this gentleman please? he's brought me alot of joy this afternoon.
did you know the play-doh brand is on instagram? follow them for inspiration!
just followed
i'll let you know though! i want to go so bad!
yesss lmk!!! hopefully yes!! i hella want you to go
well he could look worse. is he like a poor man's poison ivy?
more or less
&gt;cnnturk
isisis'ssecretking
i was told by awpzcare!
yas get that business introduction sis
$edit is a '16 version of a year '00 genomics co. no idea what they will do with tech. here is their pipeline page
look at the shots on goal!
that is so awesome! i need something to keep me going, cancer has struck again my uncle
so sorry about your uncle!!! sending you (hugs) xo :(
in 7 days illuminate
i just imagine shawn actually getting nominated and winning a grammy for this album
man fuck coming back to vegas lol staying here
orrrrr just move to san francisco please
i like rap diss tracks. game can rap though. meek gotta make a diss track for the club though. if not it's over
that's a fact
sure, if you're going for couture hooker
you think? her hip bones were out. how old is she supposed to be?
don't wait a moment longer. order the and the next gen network today.
sure! preorder the damned thing as i did and i won't get it until october. who are you kidding?
once agian you are a liar. showed me were i claimed to be an expert in anything
lol so your words are meaningless.
love you all from the bottom of my heart can't wait to see you all in dubai on september 22 :)
the bigger you get the more you have to think about your safety.
we would probably starve to death if it weren't for the migrant workers.
and those awful doctors, teachers, writers, scientists... &amp; all those ppl who love america more than iii%ers.
maybe you should educate yourself on the subject before making silly comments
what subject? started asking question about the news story about 10am my time yesterday...no one wanted to answer.just yell
i should hint to my boyfriend that i want the too face/ kat von d palette
this the hint?
and u left me
i'm sorry brotha
after a radioactive gchat w &amp; i'll be cracking a / taking myself to paradise
update: i've pivoted to / blasting 's only god knows why
artists from around the country are in d.c. this week. congressional black caucus market place...
clap hands for the d congressional black caucus! they tarred and feathered trump and cut him a new anus!
its like everyone needs a refresher course after coming back from the spa.
absolutely....its like the first day of school. i'm inclined to let a couple weeks go by before i invest
did you try rebooting?
pretty much what happened. hoping not to lose the 5+3 months that i should have now
next wip this is my fave junji ito short story!!!! can you guess which one??
i cant figure this one out i feel fake
thanks for the invite
omg i thought u were away or something come it's at 10!
once again, i find myself sick the day before i'm supposed to go out.
you're sick at the idea of being around me
someone from cascade told me i would be surprised by how long &amp; fast i could ride. i said: no. that's not why i ride.
i once turned down group ride invite because they were too fast. her response: "how will you get faster?" me: "i don't want to."
of course i am not telling you anything new ;) very weak at the ankles though, hard to maintain running pose. falling over.
yeah, still a very nice looking figure though. i like the dctv version as well.
meanwhile half of our politicians/ law makers don't bother standing for the anthem. they're just lazy, not protesting.
: i want to know if half the rednecks i know on fb stand during the national anthem while chugging beer in front of the tv.
like i said we can meet to discuss your issues. everyone can see your backing off
why would he waste his time? nice try creep.
now i get it. true.
sorry 2 bottles of wine at lunch
fuck l'oral! if my books don't sell i'm going all in with door-to-door mary kay and ginsu knives!
now i'm torn. i want you to keep writing, but i also have all these beer cans i need to cut in half.
i join met injury list as i strained my oblique helping dad around the house...but like cabrera i'm not missing a game
did you dye your hair blond?
if he didn't get at least a 20% discount
why do i know that face. quien?
happy birthday beautifullll
thanks kayla!! hope all is well
but your comments don't surprise me considering you're a bernie supporter
absolutely pro bernie. never clinton.
they said they have no proof it was the russians, but you hillbots like to name call and attack.
they have evidence, but they haven't shared it with the public yet as is customary.
1. more. month. that is 4 weeks or 29 days until my 21st birthday...
i feel like i've been waiting for this day forever!
and no one can read black-letter print, either, for that matter, which was used some places until the 1930s! (i have thoughts)
i get it. looking @ repro of declaration of independence now. seems weird that it might look like black-ltr 2 my kid in 10 yrs.
you want to buy ferrari, to full up every 2 miles. when you stop restricting data. i'll be the first to come aboard, for now at
so they do throttle data?? maybe i ought to go to as well.
to the left, to the left, the cover you should choose is in the box to the left.
in the closet the right one sucks, no disrespect (i love you logan) but plz don't touch
ask , she's in town rn.
ur behind w the times scot!
fyi just saw novelist tuck into a dirty burger outside boxpark
y u snitchin
i'm at work in the bathroom using the only stall just to use my phone. niggas keep knocking on the door but i'm not budging.
now this guy is taking a shit in the garbage can
the honor is mine. thank you for your words
and thank you for yours.
cortland
nikky the only black kid
and they be hurt
it's too funny bruh
the birther lie is what turned trump from an ordinary reality tv star into a political figure. that origin story can't be unwritten.
so he was basically bitten by a racist spider?
back in the day, i spent hours upon hours making sure my album art &amp; id3 tags were perfect.
me too. hours. hundreds of hours managing my library in itunes. hundreds.
carlos slim's personal bloggers are chasing the hot stories!
did you graduate high school? it must have been hire the handicapped day when you applied. explains everything.
me, but i also know a lil about adonis too
bc hes so pretty or bc i only talk abt adonis and bananas
shhhhh vegas is going to be lit.
obviously it will be
regardless of birth...it's the "o" ideology...
unfortunately there's some truth into this.
in about 15 minutes we'll talk to about ocean conservation. watch it live.
cc get ready fellas
this is terrible but i really want to know what you're up to!
today, cousin's wedding. tomorrow, errands, cable guy apopintment for cable and internet (woo). sunday, copake stuff retrieval.
the glorious lovechild of dr doom &amp; mister freeze there looks pretty cool.
they have weird charm to them right? see also-
happy birthday miss and love you lots
thanks marissa love you smmm girl
how'd the taping go?
it went super well! thanks for asking
listen to you by korey buckets feat produced by clee on
idk if the masses will be ready for the video!!!!!
when did the piano bar area get closed? i remember eating there every once in a while.
as far as i know, the piano bar has been locked by default for a few years.
it's remarkable the same admin that hired has you &amp; ftc echoing "competition a click away"
translation: "our bad, ! looks like you're going to have to clean up this mess."
watch: trump ignores press as they ask questions about trump's sudden flip-flop on obama birth conspiracy theories.
what took you so long to change you mind, that obama was born in the u.s.a.( desperate for votes isn't it).
me too. hours. hundreds of hours managing my library in itunes. hundreds.
it was so good. every song had lyrics too! hand-edited in many cases.
do u think laird may come back next year..i got a great feeling that he may join clearwater
tracey - laird a lock for threshers in '17 imo.
under uber-liberal mayor of nyc, bill de blasio, this is what the city looks like now.
so disgusting. so horrifying.
maybe next season? wife &amp; i would love to see much your little girl has grown.
sure, sounds good! look for the small guy carrying a bunch of large signs!
i had one i downloaded in like 2005 that i put on mixes for 4-5 different crushes
omg. project recreate those crush mixes from that era from memory
listening to and sing together in is a straight-up religious experience. just otherworldly!
kisses all over your face x
to improve economic health in communities we're investing in education &amp;
try not paying off politicians.
just listened to critical path ep 184. your notion of p, and that of optimizing vs. finding a new p, are major contributions.
guys, it's a 100+ year old idea called marginalism. just ask clay. he's an economist. he should know all about that stuff.
looking to ramp up your brand's blog?
just don the con at work.
what does that even mean? which opportunities? college? car? job? healthcare? presidency? ceo? running water? shelter? why is ...
so i guess you don't believe that institutional racism exists. good to know
and he's still so delusional
i'm stealing your room tonight
haha, yeah. i saw that after i had mine... but i had a mini so hopefully not that bad. plus can always eat small wedges.
just another reason to pass
protect at all costs
this, drift stage, heat signature, sonic mania, and probs another are the main games on my radar rn
his mom or christina's mom?
anna morris is christina's step mom
see you there
never thought i'd be this hype for a ducks game
ways to put yarn on a pumpkin i am partial to rainbow web
steam + tassel for me!
have never seen india as angry, sullen and polarised as we are at the moment. vengeance rules, fuses are short...ache din!
u think , paid activists and chamchas is india. its much more and those are eminently ignorable
today, the nonprofit i co-founded provided over 100 fellow first-generation, low-income students with textbooks!
thanks to donations from private donors, other students, &amp; publishers, students can borrow books they need for the whole semester.
yea i work at 7 now .. i'm a morning person lol
i thought i was too but clearly not. the idea of being at work at 6am is preposterous. what do you do anyway?
. &amp; discuss finally admitting was born in u.s.
time to fool african americans,needs votes somebody should ask him,when is he going to punch protes
cheer up butter cup , it's fri-yay
you are the cutest this made my day a little better
doing this spider installment in my home for every day
this is v. u
when the gang hears someone doesn't like seinfeld
when the gang finds out someone does like seinfeld
if you had 7plus in store i'd buy it today but apparently you didn't ship any to stores on long island. what's up w that ?
they sold what they didn't have. preordered it myself-have to wait until next month to get it.
just in: pentagon confirms airstrike on september 7 conducted by coalition forces killed a senior isis leader known as "dr. wa'il."
this took 9 days?
falken mouse &amp; pad weekend . rt &amp; follow to enter to ! rules
oh, how cool!
ok tweet your hottest simpsons take. none of that two alarm shit, let's see some
golden age simpsons (s2-s10ish) was great, but ultimately wasn't worth enabling the rise of seth macfarlane
one bite with davey pageviews - rustico ii (not to be confused with rustico 1)
watching the one bite king eat his way thru my neighborhood is the highlight of my days
thanks to donations from private donors, other students, &amp; publishers, students can borrow books they need for the whole semester.
fuckin' cool
firstly i am a scholar well know with in the academia ! and i give talks around the world and at meant uni's
you are an ahmadi, the rejects of the ummah. lol
i never need to go to any rave and go to cause i can just watch their snap stories
you're welcome for the free concert
a little closeup view of my new shirt. coming to a nycc near you!
. you coming to nycc?
thanks . lets discuss behind &amp; our 24 hr new year's broadcast for social change. could be a great mix
let's talk! shoot me an email, komal.com!
. - i just want to acknowledge that i have never met you, but i appreciate the twitter friendship we have going on.
a benefit of the way the world works in ~2016~ mutually appreciated
wait, give me 17 extra minutes
lmao smh hurry up
i hope it wasn't my mom.
hahahahaha not yet!! is she in town yet?!
doing this spider installment in my home for every day
ok wow u just got me in the fall spirit so hard
the below sentence is supremely frustrating.
the trailer looked rad. cool they got clearance to use real team names, too. none of that necessary roughness vagary!
(it's intended as proof of concept rather than production code )
ah this is not going to catch any inline script calls or evals
clinton/kaine both got those hard k sounds
if he was co prez instead of vice prez he'd be co kaine
need a follow back for dm
c'mon toss the guy a follow, will ya?
but with a gun!
though actually plant man came first, shockingly
we're here to help. have you tried the steps listed here: for maximizing the battery life?
yep. no help.
iight don't forget it.
attitudeeee
ok wow u just got me in the fall spirit so hard
u just got me so hard
maybe will interview mr asher?
it was mark penn who worked on that element. twitter handle
hey sweetheart, i have a voucher for you :3
hey!!! really really!?!?!? that's amazing! wanna jump in a dm!? wow! i'm so excited :d &lt;3
overwatch still cancer
i stopped playing that shit awhile ago.
trust me. we all know u smoke weed who doesnt? u arent special lol
this is what i think every time someone puts 4/20 or any combination of in their tinder bio
"he nurtured the conspiracy like a poisonous flower, watering and feeding it..."
perfectly said. trump is a charlatan.
doing this spider installment in my home for every day
im so hard rn
icymi ==&gt; how magnanimous! hillary clinton's first 100 days would include a 'deplorable' outreach
wow! so big of her.
ready for your first of ? don't miss the premiere next week!
jeez twist the knife why don't you
lol i've been told sum1 just criticized us 4 not doing satire correctly lol. we don't do satire. we r song &amp; dance girls like josie &amp; pcats.
the only wrong way to do it is to not do it!
excited to announce i'm playing in brooklyn on 9/22! come boogie next week:
can't wait to see you there!
woke up wit murder on my mind,if i kill ur body theyl never find,get u lined 4 diamonds that they mine,fight the case i just paid a fine
havin a stabbing competition,see who has more precision,leakin more emissions,no physician im part ofa commission
not much worse than me trying to put your nose ring in your nose
friendship goals
what fun is that? then we'll have nothing to bitch and moan about.
you're right...like that was ever gonna happen.
usually when a candidates admits to lying for 5 years about a racist conspiracy theory, we don't high-five them.
low five is need of the time.
that's true, it would be the best moment
yes it would be an amazing moment, but they need to invite us tho
haven't watched in awhile. does show acknowledge monica has grandkids? does she even see them?
yes, danny stays at her house like 24-7
this matte black iphone 7 is cleannnnnn!
waiting on everybody else's reviews before i order mine
you haven't read anything on that website. i really do detest liars.
then you must hate yourself. no wonder you are a muslim.
"no ma'am i am not appropriating your culture that is just a massive zit on my forehead and i am so sorry"
i promise it is red and actually apparent when i'm not manipulating selfie light irl
doing this spider installment in my home for every day
for seasonal arrangements + ghosts u sickos
haven't watched in awhile. does show acknowledge monica has grandkids? does she even see them?
and jake when jasam are doing stuff
good luck tomorrow gents. if there's a link with video would love to check it out.
you can see them all at ...safe travels!
welcome to the party, jackie!
why would you consider dev patel to be a supporting actor and not the lead actor in lion? it's a big enough role.
i'll have to check it out then
yesss! it's a must
i didn't mean it wasn't worthy, but (outside of other players), it just seems like part of the luster of it has faded.
perhaps. by the way, look at how grown up we can be - disagreeing without insults!!
nah he just a didn't want you to call the cops
he really might've
dude how does she hate dogs??? she has like 10!
right but unless i'm delusional (actual possibility), i could've sworn she said she disliked dogs...
i knew his character from day one.
cool ... modi ji is there on top why you are worried for these kind of folks he will make india great again
it's like toilet paper chirality. some think that their incorrect approach looks better. they will be the first against the wall.
this is deep.
oh my gosh, amazing! i'm excited to meet in person!
now i have to come up with some good video ideas like what happens to my brain when i watch a video.
this is so dramatic to me
this is cool though
exclusive: hillary clinton campaign systematically overcharging poorest donors
is her own worst enemy. when she loses on nov. 8th to mr. trump she will have no one to blame but herself.
grey gargoyle (anything he touches turns to stone,) dreadknight (cyber knight,) whirlwind (all in the name) &amp; yeah overkill
speaking of, though not an iron man villain meet- overtkill (yes that's his name, yes it's 1 word)
i'll get back in the tv game tomorrow with
are you on the tv today?
when there's one couch and the gangs about to watch seinfeld
when the gang asks what's for dinner
i'd prefer sharpe to both of them, then lockett
good looking out!
hi, i really fell in love with your character tsf could follow me all the love for you
you're sweet! upton sends all the love back!
why would you consider dev patel to be a supporting actor and not the lead actor in lion? it's a big enough role.
and in any case there is no other lead male actor in lion no?
kawakami and jt the brick should co-host a radio show. we'll see who kills the other first.
i read kawakami's tweets, and didn't know if he was talking about jt, or fitz
most importantly, twitter finally proved they can monetize their logged out audience.
i'd argue they showed a fundamental misunderstanding of their own live platform vs. streaming sports and the inherent lag
chocolate fingers are my fav
loool that's nice
thanks to donations from private donors, other students, &amp; publishers, students can borrow books they need for the whole semester.
interested in starting the same/similar initiative(s) on your campus? dm me! :)
i think this article is a little over the top but he makes a few good observations about apple's motivations and long game.
those waterproof tests are quite impressive. helps support the decision to remove the headphone jack.
not much. hogan will have lafell-ian moments, but week to week will be the 4-5th option. that's tough no matter the qb.
appreciate it sir!
'cycle' opening night of the exhibition at the leica gallery los angeles...
the contrast from quietude of editing to the gallery gala w/ your photography. super accomplishment, julian! to be continued
one of the best set photographers in the world. have a pic he took of me &amp; al pacino that so captured the story.
making him standout tells people everything about your professionalism
poll: 54% of voters believe that donald trump is more transparent than hillary clinton
wow! even is turning on
give because it's a reoccurring thing.
well technically in this instance it's past tense since she already gave it to you.
doing anything special today?
nothing exciting today lol, how about you vanessa?
no offense bill&amp;co but this shit's no shock. our system is infected with greed &amp; the citizenry knows b/c they are victims of it.
some folk don't realize when judges bought and faux courts allow bad guy 2 win, that we get what we have today.
there is no contradiction in islam
liar. 2:256 and 4:89.
haven't seen the cubs lineup yet but i'm guessing yes. whoever does play will be hungover since they clinched last night. lol
right lol i went with him, thanks.
hi, marilyn today i happened to find this picture. is this you?
oh wow gorge!!
im still mad at sega for not tapping me for sonic mania tbqfh ... ... still looks tight tho
even channeling the saturn vibes (that's _my_ thing !!!!!!!). still a safe way to play it tho, 2d is an established formula
or you could just delete it.
it's actually full of bops so you can delete your account
i love you, asshole
assholes are like people everyone has one!!!
which news outlets anywhere outside the breitbart/fox realm are pro-trump? even the national review is against him.
problem's existed for decades. media always paint gop as reasonable despite evidence. trump is just an acute case.
not acceptable. we need to protect our rent controlled housing stock + build student housing. city has filed lawsuit
rent to equity models coming soon jane kim 2 cities all over the usa.the bis is no longer the boss of anyone.after 6mos 50%isequity
you think he's like a fountain pen?
the ink was hard to come by for a few years.
want to win this week's from ? be sure to rt by 5 pm et today!
definitely! thanks for the chance!
a car hit me this morning as i was coming home from mcdonald's and the guy ends up giving me life advice and says it was fate we met, crazy!
damn whatta birthday present
but hate blinds
islam is hatred, and you are complete fraud.
stu kaiser, slack, chris talma, doug pritts, harry burns. todd, your class sucked!
probably have to throw anthony alberti in the mix.
check it: i've rejoined the team at . i couldn't be happier to be home! read more over on my blog:
nice man just read that. grats!
i accept your flaws.
this is why i love ya same.
i have an old card that i'm paying an annual fee on (no rewards). should i close it?
absolutely. unless you're buying a home soon, saving the $$ is better than protecting the small credit score from closing it
tight squeeze for : effects observed in &gt;&gt; could aid in quantum tech/comp development
(con) regime of a single 1d wire subband filled. credit: dr maria moreno
but poison ivy just did it better?
pretty much, she's one of the many great creations of robert kanigher who specialized in her kinda character
why aren't you in prison
in the usa we do jury trials
fyi your liberal friends couldn't engage in a political conversation cuz i am a trump supporter so they attacked my tan
a trump supporter claims she is a victim of tan shaming. no wonder donald loves the uneducated.
marc jacobs criticized for having models wear wool dreadlocks on runway
but not those boots? m...kay
even channeling the saturn vibes (that's _my_ thing !!!!!!!). still a safe way to play it tho, 2d is an established formula
~whatever i'm doubling down on rico3d anyway~
my problem is against people who label all muslims and islam for a minority of extremists.
says the one who supports crucifixions and lashings.
giving veterans a voice in america is a disgrace according to
you are a disgrace! liar, thief, mental midget.
never drinking a chai latte before work again
drink some captain baybeee
she like just rescued another dog like a month ago. why do i know that. i don't know how i know that
you're just keeping up with current events, as you should
hmmmm. hoping doesn't start to charge for data, defeats idea
i don't think so. also gave us authorization to get intraday! hope to implement soon :)
so if ya'll are rejecting black models then why are you still using black culture for profit
you do know a) this style was used way before rastafarianism and b) cultural appropriation is common &amp; a good thing?
the beauty of this is that nycfc fans really can never play the nj card
should reply "agreed" with the 7-0 highlights
oh i think i've heard of whirlwind. was he in the earth's mightiest heroes cartoon? and wait he's actually called overkill?
nah they call him "firepower" but overkill is pretty accurate
thanks gregg
welcome sharon
lmao there were like 3-4 undercover cops pretending to be students who would randomly approach you asking for weed to get u
lmfao i never knew this
i am not the author of that essay.
muslim feminist author woman rt author yes, but not that essay
i agree with you. i don't what extremists here either. islam is about the middle path not the far left or right.
crucifying people is not an act of moderation.
*winner* is the last winner of i knew i missed someone. congrats fam.
im suprise wasn't put in this dvd she sure has an ass she's the jlo of asses in porn
asked if she is a birther: "no. if trump says obama was born in america he was. whatever trump says is true."
would she short circuit like in the original star trek android if he tells her he's lying?
speak to a teacher, counselor, or bff's mom. my maternal instinct is help my kids friends when they come to me.
i actually do go to therapy. but it's just that sometimes you keep secrets sometimes you don't wanna draw more attention
dear , this is really not the experience i had in mind. updated app and still no
1st prime pantry order never arrived. granted, think it's a bad mailman not amzn: a person in our complex didn't get mailed meds
i'm very excited for the premiere.
i really want to see it for its own merits--but the possibility of a world where the a's aren't awful... i want to go to there.
wow! that's amazing!
she's 50% the reason i wore that uniform for two decades.
very clean
thankk youu
interested in ? follow
thanks for the s/o!
. &amp; discuss finally admitting was born in u.s.
i'll b there
so if ya'll are rejecting black models then why are you still using black culture for profit
lack of black models is totally unacceptable but the hairstyle should not be an issue.
wish i was a 2k fan lol
this makes so sense bro
actually 5:13 says "but pardon them and overlook [their misdeeds]. indeed, allah loves the doers of good."
you mean those who submit. not happening.
is this a show you really think represents diversity on stage? when i saw it there were two black actors: a minstrel &amp; a hag.
well, we were certainly glad to see, albeit a few, some faces of color. we're not sure of the tracking, but we'll check it out!
we can help right here, what is your concern? ^acm
getting errors when attempting to stream
any nerdy gamer stops i need to stop by in nyc? you around? graham and i have the afternoon/night hanging out in the city.
definitely mid town comics! oh man i'd love to but i'm current running on 30 hours and no sleep. bout to crash now
reinstalled ffxiv and i cannot for the life of me understand why femroeg is so uncommon, it's awesome.
plz play gilgamesh so we can play with you ;3; /
, thanks for the love on my . when can i interview *you* for the sexy grammar blog?
would love that! can reach me at jph.poet.com!
verse do not teach hate towards jew.
lying again.
okay that looks ridiculous and that's a terrible name
my favorite part is that he works for the mafia, the mafia built him
i've never read jane eyre (to spite my high school nemesis) but dang, that's an attractive book.
what!!!!! it's the best
new laptop doesnt even work with my audio interface :(
im so fucking jelly still man
there are far more peaceful hadith than hadith in relation to war etc
define peace.
isisis'ssecretking
obamahelpedputhiminpower&gt;bff's
if i could read people's mad, i wouldn't feel as shitty about myself and just waiting around to get hurt
exactly, but always keep your guards up nmw beautiful.
the one thing i can always count on is waking up to a snapchat from
always &amp; 5ever
apple published 55 new developer updates:
you're drunk
happy bday brother ofa lahi atu let's get this dub
thanks brother love you!
is a real human angel. that is all.
so are you, my pink haired goddess of death and destruction
submission to islam: tv ad encourages german women to wear muslim hijabs for "tolerance".
only if they can tolerate a sermon every sunday in church. jesus christ is lord. not "allah." smh.
verse do not teach hate towards jew.
what was that?
where are you!!!!!
near ifc theater lmao
1st prime pantry order never arrived. granted, think it's a bad mailman not amzn: a person in our complex didn't get mailed meds
i'm also pretty sure the twitter on xbox app didn't stream at all. i gave up on it. launching new tech at scale is hard.
i mean i've always liked poison ivy. one of my top 5 batman villains.
kanigher made a habit of creating really interesting women versions of masculine archetypes in his writing
it's reoccurring, so they're constantly giving me salsa. they give me. they often give me.
we don't know we only know what we see and what we see is that you already have the salsa.
i had a realization that dillon lived like 15-20 mins from u so we have to hang out
wow yesss thats perfect, when you're at his house text me
cause cal poly left rn
apparently it was the cross country team lol oops
one more week until vegas... everyone please start praying for us now
we need all the prayers we can get
lmfaooooo i don't even think so i think he's deadass he got her names tatted over his heart &amp; everything
lmfao i guess love doesn't really have an age limit
why cant you guys read hadiths like these ?
you mean ignore the threatening ones. scumbag.
for votes only of faith
thanks for the these men betray the word of
interested in starting the same/similar initiative(s) on your campus? dm me! :)
same nonprofit has established/provided: food pantries; emergency housing for homeless students; methods to "share" meal swipes/points; &gt;&gt;
we can help right here, what is your concern? ^acm
you should also note, when i test this out in incognito mode, it's just loops back to
i'm asking what you value more right now. what are the biggest priorities to you.
still waiting fo this.
my friends are so cute, ily
happy birthday
we in "the media" have called trump a shithead in every way imaginable. repeatedly. at some point it's not on us.
matt respectfully. it's not about calling shit it's about killing his ability to control news cycle with shit he doesn't believe
love, respect, and trust are the most important aspects of all relationships
respects a two way street. i guess you visit london and just drive one way-only on the left side!!!
antiislamists are against islam in general. lets be fair here
islam is a plague on humanity.
of course. btw would i have been better to direct order? i though amazon might be quick. but i bet i don't see 'em 4 a while.
depends on when you ordered on amazon. i know that from it ships in two weeks...
this week in political money: dark money floods judicial races
death throes of a dying civilization. not enough men who are american to fight back. lazy cowards.
modiji is doing great effort. i appreciate tht. i dont judge person based on success &amp; failure. efforts matters most for me.
ohh cool glad to hear that.. and how do you get to know efforts?
i once turned down group ride invite because they were too fast. her response: "how will you get faster?" me: "i don't want to."
it was incomprehensible that i could do long rides on a road bike and not have getting faster as a goal.
i love you.
i had to ask to come with because i knew i'd be too shit-scared on my own!
i must learn the names on . i can't keep calling them, "faggy, broken bird, cute shoes, and the one with the lisp."
your twitter comments are better than the show :-)
kanigher made a habit of creating really interesting women versions of masculine archetypes in his writing
like black canary was a woman crimebuster, mademoiselle marie was a woman g.i., poison ivy was a woman bat '66 villain
the colts roster is bad and andrew luck is being wasted -
and terrible coaching and management -as in grigson. colts are on the beginning side of rebuilding with a long way to go.
where are you!!!!!
having a whiskey at oppa around the corner before our 315 show
yes so that we can be liiiiiiit with them
girl yes the would be lit af
modiji is doing great effort. i appreciate tht. i dont judge person based on success &amp; failure. efforts matters most for me.
not only for modi ... for everyone
i just want her to learn something from this, to quote professor tyra banks.
but she didn't go through her grandma getting her lights turned off to buy her a bathing suit...
i agree there are muslims who hate jews and there are jews who hate muslims.
islam hates jews.
wow! that's amazing!
i like the star trek universe.....a little.
attention!!! clementine is open again!!!!!!
back to getting my daily iced tea and vegan cranberry muffin
the "in theory" part is ... a big gap. sigh.
yeah. even with apis, doing anything with them takes work. at least isn't a gatekeeper. which means...
nicki could never
lmfao an iggy stan
where are you!!!!!
the shake i got at big gay ice cream tho
the coverage of benghazi and emails and pneumonia has been covered infinitely more than trumps shady tax returns
yes and after how many investigation - no there- there
i would say yes to closing in, even if it hurts your score...a shame to waste $ on an annual fee and not use it!
totally agree!
lol might give it another run, but so far naaahhh
shit is good music really
my fav food place is closed for renovations so i can't even drown my sorrows in junk food
what's your favorite food place?
just a casual walk by in soho. pink oxford shirt, jeans. the whole thing.
pink oxford shirt and jeans
this chicago officer saved a 10-year-old boy after he was shot while sitting on his porch
wow, he did his job...
yeah, definitely is. but many festival/holiday foods are pretty unhealthy. like the treats during hindu festivals.
yeah, i think the taste isn't that great to justify. it's always an honor to receive, but in pure eating, maybe 1 will suffice
by the way your won congrats bro
thanks my brother big game 4 u sunday
based on availability? i was told this morning zero iphone 7+ were shipped
i was just told that as well. i'm just about done with -and i've been with them for a very long time.
behold, the greatest truth ever told! :d
but why not both?
liberals think we are niggers too they just say it differently
neither conservative or liberal think we can mind our own affairs and neither acknowledge their sabotage of our affairs
iphone 4, 5, and 6 had them all on day one. so much fomo today with no 7 in hand.
you can check out mine
, she never had any ammo, same old dem playbook call them racist blah blah even pepe the frog is racist
she has beaten that "racist" horse into the ground. the term has lost meaning. the only racist is her
biggest problem i'm having today: i'm supposed to doorstep these european leaders but they all look the same to me.
two of them have facial hair? and a few have glasses?
great ig but needs a snake !!
jack, i'll look into some quality snake photos stat!!
an iphone 6
oh weird. you've tried restarting it and checking again, etc?
hey folks - see you all at ?
i'll be there!
you're awesome folf!
no screw both of you you're both awesome problem solved
same nonprofit has established/provided: food pantries; emergency housing for homeless students; methods to "share" meal swipes/points; &gt;&gt;
&lt;&lt; $10k+ in mini-grants for basic needs/school supplies; transportation; paid jobs/internships; and more at schools across the u.s.!
the stories i heard how strict african pops be i dont believe it lol
lol how you gonna say that? you see me arguing with you about haitians?
thanks i'm planning on eating a cheese qursadilla a spicy potato soft taco and nachos supreme (no meat) but i think i'll be ok
do you sub the beans for the meat ever?
lmaooo facts bro shit was crazy
you remember when he made the club song "on my set"
i cried in a coffee shop this morning &amp; am disappointed in people but i am now smiling at home and happy with words
tom &amp; nicole are there for me when the 94th precinct isn't
i will!! he's on tour until like monday i think so i'll let u know next time i'm over
okay perfect!!
best start to the day
every morning i see your bedding and i know i'm going to be okay
ect just how in the hell do you all deal with the shade? people are ruthless behind a screen!
i have great family n friends. we all know the truth at the end of the day. i'm still working so i'm cool.
i need this in my life.
what about this
the similarities, they just keep stacking up -- this one was my addiction is that yours?
thaaaat's the one. to fsync our brains again
'stir fry or die' group caught smuggling 3500 dining points
your lede photo is, however, the north campus diner.
prepping for halloweeen
can't decide if this is an enormous mistake or not. i'll keep ya posted.
team usa tshirts are now in the teamstore!
may i have 12?
nyc subway candy sellers leave girls alone
is this the same guy whos selling airheads but not even in a box hes just holding them
i'm single because i still want you.
if you wanted me so bad you could-a-call me b-
thanks for a great chat today
thanks for joining us!
"the man was identified as 32-year-old akram joudeh of queens"
death penalty if convicted of crimes against officers!
it does not say if they submit. stop making up things
right, because if they oppose islam they will go to heaven. keep trying.
that is so inspiring!
i love the world as a whole, but nichelle nichols.....
i'm not one to brag... but is taking me on a date soon... soo yeah... bragging
hey phoenix can u teach piper to do ass anal &amp; dp not just only doing anal
great ig but needs a snake !!
oh and everyone please like all the photos. now. thanks!!!!!!
check the event page on facebook! i got a gold pass for 52 bucks
no way!! thank you
i can't even with hn today
this is like explaining a charcuterie board to someone who drinks soylent full-time
have you tried streets of rogue yet? seems up ur alley
haven't heard of it! link me up
what absolute rubbish. i am muslim and i respect all cultures. therefore your statement is false.
like your word means anything.
which coffee shop?
i'm a loyalist while stateside.
david brock offers money for info damaging trump
things are pretty bad when you have to advertise for it. what a baffoon.
he's so not there in the head. he can't help but tell the truth now...
not convinced of that.
this is just reminding me to rewatch the magnificent seven.
also eastern promises
that's ... i dunno. is it creepy or sweet?
way creepy.
beyond disappointed at customer service and their sincere lack of commitment to their buyers/sellers. i've never been more enraged.
def going to use from now on
what fun is that? then we'll have nothing to bitch and moan about.
gotta believe ortiz is pretty pissed off last race. looking for him to be on the engine with the here
thank you for tweeting me. so honored to support you.
oh la la trump mentioned u! what big fucking deal. now do u cup his balls when swallow his cum or do u take it up ur butt.
definitely *some* kind of tutor is chandra blushing?
*tries to process* exhibitionist lesbian planeswalker pyromania sexting?
when u realize tomorrow is thursday
reason number 107 as to why i don't have a bf
initial reports indicate us special ops forces in tell abyad syria put up us flag to show identity as they came under fire: us officials
it's a bs. the us just habitually lies.
that's the problem with idealism though. some human beings will always behave aggressively and won't adopt such a system.
that is why police are so important, and why they exist in (nearly) every society. not everyone respects life or liberty.
first world problems: electricity is out and my standing desk doesn't go up into its standing position.
mechanical standing desks aren't ever broken, they're just desks
huge fan of the passive-aggressive undertones here. you know she's gonna see this. ballet move. a+++
i doubt she'll realize it's about her but even if she does \_()_/
nah it's still all bumass lol
alla you is bumass, foh
i don't have a single friend that would get this joke
with friends of friends though you get a nice halo effect of understanding. ...i'm sorry, was that a bit of a reach?
thanks again for hosting! i realized we might not want to tweet as usual the sensitive info from monday's meetup
oh, it's ok to tweet your drawings, my drawings etc. just not the examples by other peeps :-)
chris pratt was told the same, and to gain more muscle for guardians of the galaxy. what's 's point?
well, she could stand to ... oh wait. never mind.
this would be the end of the clinton campaign if hillary's campaign did this.
it sure would
holy shit it's been over a year since dereani
*first aired
what's your favorite hawaiian food?
it used to be poke, but it's kinda been ruined for me!
we need to score first... calm nerves
...and second
here's 2 year old data - looks nowhere near as complete, but damn. didn't know ko was *that* slow
benchmarks like those are sometimes skewed in favor of one lib (lies, damned lies, and statistics)
see crash, babel and spotlight. when you have a big ensemble and no one with a realistic shot at lead, everyone goes supporting.
understand. let's see what they weinsteins plan. dev was certainly very strong in the film. his best acting work so far.
that is why police are so important, and why they exist in (nearly) every society. not everyone respects life or liberty.
people (should) use police when the nap is broken by someone.
mt : anyone got any photos of obama showing love for the troops? i haven't seen any in 8 years!
or any pictures of trump not disrespecting war hero john mccain.
islam is not the reason for extremism. extremists are the reason for extremism
so you do not see child marriages, lashings, and crucifixions, as acts of extremism.
hey ariel of the atlantic
i told you to stop slaying me while i'm at work. this color looks really good on you!! i live!!
a friend of mine is interviewing her soon and i am all the jelly :)
she's the sweetest. i must have ready autobiography 15 times when i was in college.
hey everyone! did we mention we're doing a charity event october 8th for ? well we are! check it out!
here's the link for the charity!
pull a kim and kylie with bleach blonde you'd rock it
yes omg that's how i first became obsessed with the blonde &amp; thank you sm :,)
2. will may get it done, but will does not make it wise or even ethical, especially regarding the means: compulsion.
i am not sure what the future will bring but i have some hope it will change thinking a bit.
i have a steinberg ur22, anyone know if it should work with usb3.0? it works but theres loud static crackling/popping
update all the drivers and what not
"i was pretty confident about where i was born." -pres. says he's not shocked the birther issue resurfaced
if you notice....hillary started it to draw trump into a brawl. sorry it didn't work!
and now time to put my feet up and watch 'chopped'...
to everything there is a season-ing! happy you found time to relax after your long road to opening night at leica la
we'll find out more tonight when they play lb poly. but my oc sources, whatever that's worth, say this team is loaded.
from what i saw last week, i'd be surprised if mission viejo is not in the semis...
yeah and it still won't work i'm so confused/annoyed
if you plug it into a computer with itunes does it let you click update?
ashamed to say i've not made my bed once since ... - i'm a work in progress!
no worries. at lest you are aware of it. that's the first step
booooyyy!!! hows bollege treating you fam?
it's hella lit, miss u cuhs
theres only 2 genders
that doesn't press me. get the fuck out of my mentions asshole
my original idea is not so big. so watching teams. i will be there.
all ideas are good, you can build on them with team members, come on!
honestly, you guys are mass murderers. you should be in prison
i never killed anyone. keep trying ahmadi.
i'm still working my way out of the sm 'best-way' mire. would you agree a place for in ordered domains?
best practice in obvious. good practice in complicated
don't let the title fool you but you can have a $1 girl
lmaoo i saw surgical and coordinator and all i saw was
to be clear, trump spent five years riding a racist lie into natl politics. today he admitted the lie. and the race is basically even.
so? maybe reporters need to start looking into the racism &amp; misogyny as to why she is even.
wow. thanks for the picture share. an oldie but a goodie. really a trip down memory lane.
fyi that picture was taken today. your sign really says that!
thanks for the rt
easy to rt - fantastic sketches!
hillary calls on trump 2apologize for his birther remarks. will she apologize 4 her staff spreading that rumor when she ran vs obama in '08?
you're a lying piece of shit!
columbia students: the band is problematic fuck them also columbia students: i love st a's
wait people actually love st a's?
we're six days into the regular season and the buffalo bills already have the look of a trainwreck.
in other words, nothing's changed in the past 16 years.
people (should) use police when the nap is broken by someone.
i would also say it extends to be the purpose of the 2nd amendment of the us constitution.
we'll find out more tonight when they play lb poly. but my oc sources, whatever that's worth, say this team is loaded.
la habra's only points were off a muff and garbage time...
thanks man, but we both know rudolph is going to catch two td passes now. we jinxed the hell out of this decision.
we sure did! and forte ran all over me. one more l in the books.
? its on there
yes it's for certain areas
the context was pretty silly in the first place
you are a genius at what you do. but i kinda see his point. i held a different opinion before i read his post.
already bought them
i should have known
black lawmakers blast trump over birtherism: "he's a hater, he's a bigot and he's a racist"
deranged anti trump peeps
trump would also win 'staffers must apologize for what their candidate does'
he has the most apologies! the best!
&lt;&lt; $10k+ in mini-grants for basic needs/school supplies; transportation; paid jobs/internships; and more at schools across the u.s.!
founded for &amp; by low-income, first-gen students. always looking for donations!
they must be stopped
just right when i was starting to accept i-69c.
yeah. even with apis, doing anything with them takes work. at least isn't a gatekeeper. which means...
... can write code for folks to push data to ! and he has (in prototype)
wish i could be there! if you can, totally check out , one of the coolest ppl i know!
thanks, ma. wish you could be there too! i'll do you proud.
this was the week when we woke up to the nightmarish reality that trump can win
is the press getting at all self-aware?
if anthony davis was considering a return to retirement last week, what's he thinking now after yet another concussion?
he's an unneeded distraction. let him walk.
it seeems that it is inherent in your blood to kill anyone who is not white.
i never killed anyone and do not care about skin color. nice try lowlife.
doggie door in now to get them to use it. i better not see a deer in kitchen tonight cuz mom wants to see one
lol hoping no other critters like 'coons / squirrels figure out how to use it.
what is that place but i'm adding it to the list
it's the balcony at my house
lord help me this morning. my man is off. mr. right-winger himself is in on . let us pray! for will, ppl
it was awful this morning guys, awful - where are you max?!?!
those waterproof tests are quite impressive. helps support the decision to remove the headphone jack.
not going to lie, i kinda want some airpods.
i hear the message, but to some of us older people (46), kneeling has a total negative connotation, so the message can get lost
two things: 1 protest supposed to make ppl uncomfortable. 2 no need to speculate on his message - he stated it clearly w/words.
today, the nonprofit i co-founded provided over 100 fellow first-generation, low-income students with textbooks!
anyway, i carried a lot of books this morning &amp; now i'm extremely buff.
"my instinct was to push through it. that is what women do every single day." - on being sick with pneumonia
actually her instinct is always to lie! she still hasn't come clean! neuro tests anyone? anyone? anyone? thought not!
yeah, he really did an incredible job with that. so many questions answered.
dev tracker spaaaammm
looking forward to tomorrow.
you better have plenty of pussy, ass and dick, cause yer gonna need it!
you're forefathers murdered 1000s of innocent native americans.
i condemn that, you will not condemn anything in the koran. you are a pathetic slave.
can you guess what these items are and what they will be used for? check back later today for the answer!
. strangling audience members who refuse to turn off their cell phones? or (more pc) lassoing the phones out of their hands?
not acceptable. we need to protect our rent controlled housing stock + build student housing. city has filed lawsuit
many of us are hoping you go back to korea where rent control might not be needed
look at this photo! it screams sex.
blocked and reported for abuse
hey matt! i only do commissions. managing the prints is already too much. i'll be only taking 5 commissions at nycc!
hey man would you sign stuff then? like my ultron steelbook?
las vegas
i need to go to vegas!! been way too long
shows how bad the press for hillary has been
oh ray you are so correct. what can we do ray? michelle is on now. (((hugs)))
their mistake was not flying isis flag. then turks would never have fired.
lying bastard. nice photoshop. fuck off and go suck on some american dick. fucking losers
never read spawn, but yes, that explains everything.
it's all fallin' into place here, also other good iron man villains-
today's tournaments 2v2 snd 1nd 9pm est $10 payout 4v4 snd 1nd 10pm est signups: rt's appreciated
need 1 for the 2v2 use skype be good and don't have an ego
that's basically their story for this set, until chandra finds mum lily and chandra's wild ride
and then it's break red in half via magical hug time
and the heavens partedyay fashion week
fall/winter 2017
i am realising you are a waste of time, you honestly cannot debate with a closed minded idiot. indeed frustrating.
only the mentally ill are open-minded to what islam sanctions.
you* convinced me to finish the show come on
kvin this is imas not love live sunshine, get it straight
and that's why i love you!
i never talk while i'm trying to watch a show.
"a well militia" 10 day period is not
states can pass constitutional 10 day wait period if kept it down to 1 paragraph states can put it on ballot
are you guys around earlier on saturday?
yeah we'll be home chillin! we're shooting saturday around 4:00 so we're free before then!!
at the cinema to see bridget jones and out of the 450 seats, there's about 4 of us men.
that's about twice as many as i would have guessed. are you all there together?
while gen x &amp; millennials fight, who will speak for we of the oregon trail generation? (lol)
what's crazy is most group gen xers with millennials because genx is such a small generation.
wanna play? i'm nov1st2k10
add me on xbox live
this is the most i've looked forward to a certain day in years
totally understand!
how dare you mention that piece of trash in the same sentence as harambe
i don't hate harambe, just the fact some people talk about him too much.
...know and still rock that wes snipes bro tank
of course. its a staple
trump's own tweets show the medical report of his having a colonoscopy on a certain date is... a lie.
from experience, the procedure is min. 4 hrs downtime. late night dr? prob not, wld have leaked by now.
and cnn continues to protect obama/hillary and lie about syria!!!
this is disgraceful and cnn gets away with these lies.
the fraternal order of police just endorsed donald trump
...of course these dark soldiers (murderers) had to endorse on meatless friday. west coast of north/central/south am fomenting...
witchmania continues. here's my slightly spoilerly review of , which i really dug.
pretty proud i got away with the witch pun in that headline too, if i'm being honest
and we're off on $prtk ! still going over legal so time to join us: w/ so many calls led by members i'm a bit rusty!
thanks for moving the stock cc
nfls eric grubman will be at the game sun &amp; meeting with oak officials. show him why oakland is home!
does libbey know oakland is home is the question!
10-year multiple reentry is a godsend, but one they don't include on the form and you have to write it in
gasp. unicorn.
lol parkview ave?
oh nah that's the hood, be safe
i hear they're renaming the upgrade program next year to downgrade program.
4 hours later i'm setting up my phone now. turns out it doesn't come with ios 10.0.1 so i have to wait for that to install now.
. prices with hotel 5 days
oh! i'm loving the prices to madrid! thank you for sharing =)
today i can sit on my own stoop at noon and drink a beer and watch cars go by. not a bad friday
are you hank hill now
hi! thanks for the shoutout.
sure thing, loved the talk! is it / will it be online anywhere?
literally that an old white man is this out of touch with both minorities *and* youth in 'merica is troubling
wait, but when have old white men *ever* been *in* touch with youth and racism?
thought he would stalk
and get blind switched again?.. oh no, he goes from the wood.
are you guys around earlier on saturday?
and if you wanna come with us we're gonna be localish up here &amp; we can hang out!!
an ideal date night location in las vegas: 107 sky lounge
been there too! too many times.
it's always the boys calling girls crazy that talk to multiple girls at the same time
hahah tbt to my life
now that trump has shared his physical results on "dr. oz," what's next? how about his tax returns on "shark tank?"
kind of sad that he demand birth certificate from black man while white man won't give us his tax returns
once again, an uneducated and childish response. typical of a loser.
true hurts, huh? ahmadis spread islam and then other muslims kill them. useful idiots.
i'm the taking over hot97 studios today to let you know about t-mobile's new one plan
what up fam?
the most expensive apartments are the worst- either too modern/cold or have creepy antiques you know are haunted
unfortunately, i'm short $72m.
only those who truly know me know that i'm fucking obsessed with pnd.
now everyone knows
the huffington post article is fantastic. thanks.
now maybe i can learn some chemistry
i am sure there are valid technical reasons why it's tricky to get the full integrations for reactions/etc on macos but... this is bad
i get the product need to push messages forward, but i kind of miss how simple it was before ios 10.x \_()_/
don't worry if you come back next semester you'll have us!!
thanks! i'm just really happy that you all were able to get a win in this historic moment
i needed y'all this week. , i love you: (1/?)
love you too
implying you werk
i give you the werk ohhhh
islam will never be defeated. unless you intend to kill a muslims, which you probably do.
not calling for that, and i condemn hitler. nazism and islam share a profound hatred of jews.
who's ready to add more
would love to add another load to your puszy
another incredible interview from y combinator, this time with elon musk on tesla, spacex, ai, internet on mars
nice interview. ends abruptly though.
maybe it has something to do with the color of my skin.
oh please. stop the shit with racism. that is all you guys do.
for those of you asking where you can get signed copies!
i bought the ebook version. can you just sign my kindle?
how many qbs has that franchise passed on b/c they committed too soon to an inadequate qb? too many.
god. i could write about 2000 words on it
im that dick who just ordered something right be4 the place closed. told them it was ok but they persisted 2 take my order. sams burger
dams burgers is the pure slap
but also long-time customers tend to dislike them and you get some people "hopping off" in frustration at too many events.
did someone say abandoning books because of frustration with too many events? cause yeah, i feel that
please bring a bag to berlin, i'll pay back.
will do. next flight over will make sure there's some in a bag.
they did it to nintendo many years ago. this is nothing new this is how they have been since their inception.
ppl say they are the good guys tho lol
i highkey hate being in the mix
very high key
try this media / reporters / networks / cable "news" announce a complete &amp; total shut down of trump coverage until taxes released
yes! no more coverage until he releases tax returns. he uses media 2 his own advantage. now media can return favor.
...guess i fucked that up. i stole his job; he stole my heart.
this is my favorite tweet of 2016
ya, i have seen how you treat black people. you resemble hitler
you have never seen me in my life. nice try asshole.
i read as othe misc stis- when it takes place is a odd, vacant question, and i think she chose to erase hiv rather than date it
i don't think he does-otherwise skipping meds would surely be a part of his self-harming behavior
just giving jesse hope. he should have known better than to schedule another appointment an hour later
i just had faith that when apple said 5-5:30 that they meant it. i was trying to be like apple and have .
hi ron :) sorry you feel that way. transparency is important to us, which is why explain everything in our terms &amp; conditions.
it happened twice. pointed it out to employee and nothing was done.. bs- i was an avid member before that. dollar member now!
next month? total fail.
sure is. two of my friends already got their 7 plus from . that's even worse.
busy show today
i was gonna hit him with "don't be an insulting jerk"
the birther movement was about delegitimizing the first african-american president in our history.
talk to hillary about it.
4 hours later i'm setting up my phone now. turns out it doesn't come with ios 10.0.1 so i have to wait for that to install now.
and it failed to install the first time luckily for apple i'm already familiar with how broken everything is. imagine a new customer...
i don't think he does-otherwise skipping meds would surely be a part of his self-harming behavior
which we hear so much about in so much detail
busy show today
he hung right up the second i finished
only trump can fix this
to the rescue, and i'm not even a customer -yet:
"oh, ain't you a beautiful girl" *mumbles w/o looking up* "i am a harpy from hell and i will eat your heart out, go away"
i love walking to work. i can write emails and blog posts and exercise and release excess aggression in a socially approved manner
i am super excited about cathartic reunion, no lie
i would be except i'm not a red mage so i'm terrified instead :p
thanopocalypse &amp; modjoker? or is that just regular modok?
that's just what modok looks like, the other guy's the controller
: practically, multiple implementations. rhetorically, standards &amp; joint stewardship.
i can (theoretically) use a webapp on any platform that has a web browser, and in any web browser i want.
once again, the 'disbeliever' in this context, are the jews who sought to kill jesus. not all non muslims
it is pure hatred that still exists today.
if mizzou beats georgia i'll give everyone who rts this $20
can i trade that 20 for a mizzou loss in east hartford next year?
the video is cringeworthy
is it not just highlights?
link is rerouted to same page. is this event still open? i want to register. thanks!
we recommend calling the store!
not stubborn, just tenacious. essay will find happy home. i know this to be true!!
tenacious! that's a much better word!
sharing our coffee location in about 30 minutes on instagram. come hang.
niggas got work smh
big day for big fans like me. first speaking with at event, now giving first speech for .
can't believe actually showing speech. napping?
at least in egypt christians have freedom to worship. unlike for muslims in angola
the coptics are persecuted there.
that's a lot of money spent
yes, and i earned all of it
thank you for sharing your story . keep training and having fun.
niantic has spoken !
twitter is bout to be all jokes with &amp;
you back on twitter bruh?!?
deplorable hill's supporters check ur smelly vaginas/big balls/tiny penis, obama is kenyan native!
shep, letmuslim obama release hiscollege school records!
love that movie
of course you do! you're smart!
terrific. btw, i'm a humble fellow of that fine organization (escph)
does ontology recapitulate ontogeny?
fell asleep before midnight last week and didn't get to preorder my iphone 7. putting gum in my headphone jack to simulate the experience.
check out instead.
at least in egypt christians have freedom to worship. unlike for muslims in angola
too bad. islam is cancer and should be banned.
not really our right to know what's in his tax returns if he does not want to release them...
he has made this an issue - even his running mate released taxes - he is hiding something
when u find ur cuban fam on facebook lmaoo we still outchea
so my great grandmother was born in cuba in which she had her kids there, then migrated to jamaica
michigan poll: leads 38% to 35%.
not for long. depolorables will be heard.
happy ! it's time for boris!
from mad when i was around 7:
there is no harambe-associated story. this is straight-up racist garbage. at a pub run by trump campaign manager.
this year is the worst
it's as if they are looking to say 'haven't you seen a cat talking to a cow before!!!'
they are saying "don't bother us, we are having a private talk"!
mad jewish ppl checkin their cars as i'm standing next to them
lmao yea white people in the bx aren't in the 21st century. we apologize in advance
frasier's dad was the best character on the show
john mahoney. he was amazing as martin. he was in "in the line of fire" which is the best.
yes true, but so have the muslims burma been persecuted for centuries.
islam should be oppressed.
it was not true when trump floated it 2011. or 2012. or 2014. none of it was ever true. unwinding the "birther" lie:
why obama never showed his college records? student visa?
i am super excited about cathartic reunion, no lie
(alternatively i may just become a red mage with some sort of chandra/depala/vehicles fury road/fast &amp; furious deck)
the was the best place for a young journalist to work. everyone there is brilliant. this is an awful day.
the regularly does groundbreaking, important work on the internet that other sites aggregate weeks later.
got 2 extra tickets for tonight's and tomorrow's yankee vs redsox games anyone want to tag along
be right there homie
i think i can live with small frequent events that affect a group of books instead of these larger events
it's all so disruptive, like i dropped anad wolverine &amp; totally awesome hulk cause of event shenanigans
a snippet of some of the mad conversation going on today...
there is a whole lotta comfort talking 'bout food.yet you covered the gamut: music, photos, bikes &amp; your charities via wff:)
i'm now possibly too excited for this movie.
it's pretty much a remake of the original but i think it gets by on how like...relentless it is haha
ugh you're so cute glad everything is going well for you!
thanks kel! keeping up with you on the miss ca teen snap today
i just answered 3/10 questions on the physics test that i spent time studying with strangers for yesterday.. happy friday
ayyyy now it's time to celebrate hahaha
his teammates even admitted they left him out to dry. it's the preseason of preseason relax bud
but, as usual, hank took the loss all on himself...
bruh don't disrespect danny like that
lmao danny's out today he's leaving for diber i'm hype
new york is a pretty rad state. i did used to live there, you know.
we are both marylanders, new yorkers, and massachusettsans! i just need to move to illinois.
iphone 7 case steal! grab a rose gold iphone 7 case for $3 w/ code: qra2tpy5
what about 7plus cases
i agree mark is a smart man but he is not political smart he is computer smart i have many friends like that
. what would you call trump's smarts?
they didn't bother cleaning the carpets?
here's hoping they're spending their money on delivering world peace instead?
shame anyone truly loving india would never compare our elected pm with a paki terrorist! yes
time to offer this asshole to his allha,instead of goat.the meat should be given to pigs.
sure hillary started . it's why obama made her secretary of state. are we even trying anymore or is everyone too tired?
well he is not known for making the best decisions.
honestly i apologize for ever saying shit about kylie. i know what it feels like to hate the way i look. that pressure to assimilate sucks.
it sucks a lot when the world tells you over and over that you're not beautiful enough or good enough the way you are.
sonnen: i'm on a legends ass kicking tour. i hope they book two guys for my debut because i know one will pull out.
lulz. who cuts a promo better than this dude?
really? i wanted it to be good.
it wasn't as good as i was hoping it would be. the first one is definitely a lot better
the fraternal order of police just endorsed donald trump
...(2) does this fraternal order of masons---uh we police have a sister fraternal order branch.?
lmao...a long needed saga reference.
saga is the best!
no it's a breakdown explaining how beautiful it is like one of those facebook politics videos
well they certainly know how to target their audience
that makes no sense! tanio are not native americans. what?!
they are tho there ameriindian from the americas taino were in north america as well
the new enstars single covers are gorgeous and i am trembling in fear. will my heart stop beating for real when fine's come out?
when fine's cover is revealed ... it's over
my stomach is cramping help
go to the doctor?
i guess i'm used to the later, slightly less creepy modok designs. does the controller control things?
people, he has special disks that go on the back of your neck that lets him mind control you
83-year-old schaffer's tavern closing to make way for... a bank, of course
could be worse. could've been a duane reade or a starbucks.
that makes no sense! tanio are not native americans. what?!
the tribes intermingled
hillary did not disclose that she did not send classified emails however we now know she lied...
exactly. she was investigated. still an issue. does not mean trump is not hiding something in
matters where you take the test, not live. app will ask you where you are, so you can do it while traveling
ever get a chance to give it a whirl? feedback?
whoa thats like two blocksfrom my apartment
do you come here all the time? please say yes.
hillary the birther that he was from kenya was started by obamas own publicist way back. research and look it up!
hillary's campaign started it. all her acolytes were pushing it here in nyc in '08
it sucks a lot when the world tells you over and over that you're not beautiful enough or good enough the way you are.
we gotta start loving ourselves. accepting ourselves for who we are and accepting others for who they are.
you guys, i'm about to tightline my eyes which i learned 20 minutes ago was a makeup technique and not a way to do drugs
i love just the way you are. miss krall sings it beautifully.
trying to elevate hrc by ignoring her numerous flaws "because, trump!" is one of the main reasons why she's in this predicament.
hrc has no more flaws than any other politician and far more positives. trump on the other hand is a nasty farce.
"it could be worse" i'd also an officially blacklisted term
i've got a bad feeling about this
flying out of sfo this morning to oklahoma, saw lots of texas fans were arriving for their game at cal.
under appreciated venue and absolutely beautiful campus. with 'horns playing well, this should be a pleasant trip.
all it has to do is be better than book of shadows, so i figure it's got a shot. i was the perfect age when 1 came out.
oh yeah. it's a great continuation of the story.
hey there's a big ol' pit by my apt in and all i can think of is"i fell in the pit"
they should build a park there.
today's jewel challenge has a cid medal, but to get it, you'd need to kill the possessors mid-boss in 1 turn, geez
oh dear. i like possessors, but i'm assuming this is a swarm.
for the wknd
() listening now
you should be ashamed of yourself, deceiving people, but i'm not surprised, you are from the usa
i am only expose the hatred within islam. do not care what filth like you thinks of america.
that makes no sense! tanio are not native americans. what?!
there a subgroup of the arawak indians
people, he has special disks that go on the back of your neck that lets him mind control you
he's also, impressively, the 1st model of that physicality, pre-dating darkseid, thanos, &amp; apocalypse
you have to tap the top left corner five thousand times to get him....
you're wild how long did that take you??!
for those of you that thought that monster only had his claws in the south and middle america... on i-5 b/t sf &amp; la
isn't cali a red state?
much obliged rebekah! i'm very proud of you as well :-))))
thanks so much!!
aw liberal talking heads explodingon on clinton news network. makes me happy
has don l listened to himself?
ivory tower project () guilty (you're the one)
tyvm: 4the +
so like i actually witnessed in a dance circle last night...
omg i love it
all the best!
i heard this morning that the oc was not prepared for a 3rd n30.
they look so good! did you do them yourself or did you get them done?
thanks!! i went and got my hair colored first and then the next day i went back in and they glued the extensions in!1
gary johnson won't be on the stage at the first debate. i'll ask him for his reaction sunday on ...
ask him if he knows what hempstead is.
where god is talking about the disbelievers who plotted against him i.e the jewish high priests and co
i can read for myself.
it's hard to wait for something so awesome, but oh-so-worth-it! we're working on it james! *nelsona
the store said it might arrive on november. too long
review: the iphone 7 is just fine, even if it doesn't wow:
works fine if you fucking have one. which many do not.
you sweeter than a number nine wit a large sunrise
that avi tho
i agree and disagree on this. the next highest group of compliance with meds after diabetics (99.99%) are plwha
wasn't speaking generally-but based on what we know of jude as character / his fraught relationship to medicine
they cant stop my period dude
oh, you said stomach cramping, by bad-next
people think it's all about physical attraction for nicorey it's not i remember so many of their talks were some of the best times
when they connected emotionally no one could beat them friends for life
i almost unsubscribe every friday
() tempted bro!!!!!!!!!
just called great mall 4 times and never got an answer. maybe they're all out to lunch ?
maybe. most businesses in the great mall have lunch from 12-1.
you have taken this verse out of context. you failed to put the verse before explaining the situation.
always an excuse for the hatred....
wait for it.. wait for it..
ohh the soon is back ...shessshhh
quite nervous watching this - no idea why.
you too, huh?
or just responsible
or a faggot lol
i'm so unbelievably happy with this
this is perfect
i feel smaller events have a more lasting effect which would make the event more worthwhile
that's what i liked about sinestro corps war
which player will have the biggest impact this series vs. boston? vote, then rt!
refsnyder because he shouldn't be playing this series.
turkish soldiers invading northern syria under 'false flag' ...
hmmm... ru or assad wouldn't allow that. but it looks like us feels left out and trying to barge in.
just saw the art of the score, west side story last night. a singularly unique event. was amazing!
also special for me as my dad was a violinist for ny phil from about 55-69, under bernstein.
oh for god's sake hugh
wait till djt's actually frigin in john! hugh will be wild.we ain't seen anything yet
trump was born 1936 (not '46) in munich, germany to an ss officer &amp; biergarten waitress...'cause, you know, whatever.
i think the orange cheeto &amp; his followers would be ok with that
instead of campaigning for hillary, maybe president obama should, oh, i don't know, do his job?
mixed on that. the more he works, the more usa is screwed.
he went to find u a nuse
lmao have u ever been at those villages, where the women carry wood on the shoulder i want one of those
whoo hoo! not sure i could handle two of her but it's worth trying ;)
thank you kindly sir
what has he said which isn't really true?
it's not about "true" it's always about "him" thats my issue - he's an egomaniac blow hard w/a napoleon complex
nur al islam in church avenue. you familiar with this masjid?
it's on church and chester right ? i've been there but not for jummah. how's their khutba ?
i have one question and one only, how can you have the same face in every photo?
it's my face idk should i change it?
they cant stop my period dude
they can give you something for the pain
that makes no sense! tanio are not native americans. what?!
it's as simple as looking up the definition
the regularly does groundbreaking, important work on the internet that other sites aggregate weeks later.
the is a startup that does better reporting than other outlets with 10x the resources/funding, and it's never quite gotten its due
california friends! you have an amazing opportunity here and i am jealous! go see these awesome ladies!!
oooo! that monday gig is just down the street!
john is in real pain
that pics cool and all but it rlly should be like this
they have to be evil they are also behind ultra beasts obviously so
was thinking that too the tall slender lady looks like ub-02 beauty
bombshell: 'washington post' confirms hillary clinton started the birther movement - breitbart
hrc brought birther up again shepard should have done his homework. sad :(
live on : let's make america friday again
omg u crack me up! so much love 2 u &amp; i love how ur cat got his name! here's my boo born halloween 2004
hi! please address the sub to lynne m. thomas &amp; michael damian thomas as editors-in-chief. good luck!
crap, just saw this. got panicked by the oct deadline and wrote "dear readers"
9 months already! wow, almost mark of the first year! :') hopefully u guys can see each other after wrk :( happy anni
thanks bb!! i know so fasti hope mama life is treating you well :') your lil family is the cutest!!
used extra virgin olive oil to lube my chain today. worked a treat.
all you need is a little balsamic vinegar and a baguette.
so my great grandmother was born in cuba in which she had her kids there, then migrated to jamaica
my grandmother who only spoke spanish had to learn patois. a jamaican language. to which she then birthed my father. a jamaican man
still not working
try running fl with the asio4all plugin for your audio source see if that changes anything
the point is that you're a disease to the world. you will never defeat islam... deal with it son
the point is that you are wrong....
shep, letmuslim obama release hiscollege school records!
muslim obama's sxhool records showed obama was alien student!
tfw you see a photo foreshadowing your future and you have a mild panic attack. *cant stop breathing hard*
wut u trying to say bud
.: "president barack obama was born in the united states. period."
.. trump you p.o.s. .... i am sure will you change imur mind again, mr. flip/flopper ... ur a sick man.
happy birthday to my nigga !
right on brother
you can use this solid gold toilet at the guggenheim:
100% real gold
catch me everyday after september 21st
this girl in my design class is wearing a turtle neck today. she understands us.
san francisco folks, is there any place to get a bacon, egg &amp; cheese breakfast sandwich near market and sansone?
mcdonalds right around the corner on market, homie.
back at home! tonight's starting lineup for the homestand opener.
put lagares in cf and granderson in rf.
i tire of trump. i don't want to talk about him anymore. he's not for people. how many times can we say it?
he is tiring. it's like exposure 2 a virulent virus. i'm not sure my emotional immune system can take much more.
if someone could mail me a pizza pie from make home that'd be dopee
ill come thru and make u one, im finesse
nonsense! congi ideology:promote dynasty,loot corruption,masses poor+unempl, appeasement of minorities,divide soc...
the way we don't want british raj,we don't want cong.raj.looting poor india for over 60 years stashed $50bill.
occupy wall street
give me bigmacs
you can use this solid gold toilet at the guggenheim:
rich, very rich
couple different flavors for y'all ... wavy in bio .currently down dsu..
need a red jawn imma cop soon
lol jaila about to be so cute for her birthday shoot... i wish i had someone else to style, i really like this
i have maternity pictures comin
i'm real shaky what was in the coffee
oh sorry i forgot to tell u i added cocaine
we always have next year
my 20th in april ayyyeeeeee
one last thing since i can't dm you ..please watch my pinned tweet when u have a chance it's eye opening ..have a great day
will do! now a follower.
this man alex just called the guy from fairly oddparents diggy duggadome
does he mean doug dimmadome owner of the dimmsdale dimmadome?
i read "loving the black finish, looks futuristic" in shatner's voice. now you are too
what's wrong with shat?
report: dhs buried damning immigration study because it would 'help elect donald trump' via
wow! politics in everything! disgusting
whens dropping his new album? you hear anything about it yet?
he debuted it at the festival he ran in cali. there were some snippets and stuff but he hasn't set a release date
my eyes have been painfully dry for a month and no drops help. i don't know if i have a disease or if i'm just drying up like an old apple.
it's definitely not allergies because i am now and have always been too tough to be brought low by any force of nature.
i just rode this bad boy from salerno to amalfi...
i thought you were rowing a slow galley to sicily.....now you are on a moped back on the mainland? make up your mind!
for the record. i love monster squad. &amp; i once rented a theatre to show it to friends on halloween
i wish you were in the bunker last night.
it's also easier to make them more organic? like detective, batman &amp; nightwing have been building to monster men
less stuff to imagineer, event doesn't need to be as stretched out to include everyone, more concentrated impact
my grandmother who only spoke spanish had to learn patois. a jamaican language. to which she then birthed my father. a jamaican man
meanwhile i'm american asf
can u explain to me y this is such a big deal.....
as a citizen, taxpayer, voter i want to know the truth about a possible president's business practices, income
i'm blessed to live 3 blocks from the downtown san leandro location lol
i used to live on hesperian in san lorenzo like 2 blocks from it. it was probably why i was a fat kid !!
- i usually associate bruder schweigen w waffen ss imagine there's a connex w us grp?
see also (i imagine this is touchy subject, don't know much about it)
omg what is happening?! you guys can stay with us for a while before you go to the moon.
aw, you're so sweet! our landlord is super awesome &amp; is letting us stay in our house until march. after the plan is to move to nyc
yes this, play girls in cars
if they accidentally publish something really broken and "modern girls in cars" becomes a t1 deck i'm going to cackle :d
since the media support dem's 100% they get to write completely false information . james carville knows.
finally makes sense why republican mary matalin married him! they feel the same way about liberals!
is working on . can we make a regular?
way to hand it to him today...he was staggering after the "he has many teams" comment. still love but love a debate
this is something you'd appreciate
who is she
we just played live instruments, then screwed the beat ourselves. we can sample, but we hardly ever do
nice. i love that beat.
enjoying a great conference at isha in san francisco. surrounded by many talented surgeons and physios focused on the hip joint!
come to the ballpark tonight trock. i'm working the game.
"you're not intruders...you're our friends, our families." hillary clinton to congressional hispanic caucus:
i'm a minority'latino and any type of segregation is going backwards on our society.intregationand unityso respect for everybody=
i've literally lost 10 lbs+ from the detox/diet transition i've been doing i feel sooo good
keep up the great work babe
great dude. so happy for him.
classy organizational move for a well qualified and outstanding human being. congrats &amp; best of luck monty!
ugh. not gonna have one just wanted to see how many would say yes haha
you should have a party
statistically yes!
that many still! really?
the bitch did her eyebrows i'm crying
they told me not to wear makeup but i told them that wasn't gonna happen
i liked it a lot. was never a huge travis fan but his most recent stuff was swell
wake up to 19 notifications. tyler go bump love., frequency, and all in all on soundcloud
i'm gonna stage like four fake weddings. i have so much shit i want out of the west elm catalog.
the eternal dilemma of not being a wedding person but being 100% a scamming friends and family into buying me luxurious shit person
.: "in these final days let's try to tune out all the chatter and the non-stop analysis."
hillary u r'nt getting off easy. i heard your hatred insult 2 millions of americans u hate americans
globalists unite! , who spurned , teams up w/ obama to push for . ohioans take note!
/ what is kasich thinking. he's turning into one of them?
so i argued w/ and to allow everyone in, and advocated for pool. now pool censoring news. just wow. msm melting
but they didn't let everyone in, did they?
"hillary clinton &amp; her campaign...started the birther controversy. i finished it...you know what i mean." - trump
marc penn 3/19/07. have jenna check it out.
no one in this board meeting knows that i ripped my pants this morning and have half a roll of duct tape between my thighs...
thats what they all say ;)
my twisted interpretations? did you read the site you sent me to?
good work john, he is just another liar for allah. just like noonan.
and it failed to install the first time luckily for apple i'm already familiar with how broken everything is. imagine a new customer...
iphone 7 running, but it didn't restore my icloud backup even though i selected it, so now i'm starting over
i am actually both. native &amp; pr... and it is not the same just like the maya &amp; aztec are not the same. but whatever.
pr isn't a race puerto rico is the name given to the island by the spanish
the onky i enjoy disneyland, great america &amp; six flags is during halloween cus everything is spooky af &amp; thats the shit i love
wtf why haven't we gone then!
most recently, the dot just had that excellent wikileaks piece:
i'm so proud that i worked for a website that ran that piece.
can u explain to me y this is such a big deal.....
charitable giving, international financial connections, debt, etc. every election i have voted in that
in no mood for work rn
must be rough
solid gimmick. how is it on the scale of "easy to resist" to "impossible to resist"?
impossible for a single mind, plus the disks can't be removed unless controller is knocked out &amp; he's held his ow against thor
that pics cool and all but it rlly should be like this
oh now it's complete
the little boy photographed in an suv with two adults passed out from heroin overdoses has found a new home
good i'm very happy to hear that ... and that grandma from hell.. i hope they don't let her near him again
i am actually both. native &amp; pr... and it is not the same just like the maya &amp; aztec are not the same. but whatever.
a puerto rican is a mixture of race one being the ameri indian the taino arawak indians it's a known fact
the problem was the defense. gave up so many big plays. but that would mean rex actually holding himself accountable.
holding his brother accountable!
this story had better end with, "..and netapp sans suck."
i was so tempted. i bet he would be shocked to know i knew what that computer thingee was.
yep, definitely want in on this star wars battlefront death star dlc
that's quite the bsg tribute at the beginning of that trailer too
they do have a site idiot, two if bali passes faa...
when you have 2 possible sites that mean no site just yet dummy
guys i'm literally getting teary at some of the counter-reviews you guys are leaving. thank you so much. so, so kind.
sorry, i don't have a good reads account. going to sign up, this is all horrible.
it's 3 in the afternoon
things happen ok
trump spewed racial hate for yrs insisting obama was an african but not an american. he ignited the fire of hate we will now have to put out
if u r able to listen&amp;read, it's hrc that keeps bringing up the birther issue.she has nothing to say.
this is what i'm concerned about
we can see snowden instead
regarding birtherism, it's not over til the candidate himself allows himself to acknowledge that obama was born in hawaii.
&amp; now it's over. will msm talk of re: or of /clinton/al sharpton. cc:
we gotta play cod 4 together when it comes out
yeah man im really excited for it
the gang after a night on the town
the gang after a fight
were you the one that provided the ammonia-licorice to last weekend? what was the brand?
yes! it was katja sallos xtreme
can u explain to me y this is such a big deal.....
information has been provided. why is trump disrespecting our interests? what is the truth?
nah forreal though you don't wanna see me act cocky. i do that shit on purpose &amp; it makes me wanna punch myself in the face lmao
the rest of the world feels the same way bro.
checkered flag. session leaders: gt: gta: schein gt cup:
nice work in the first practice, mike!
&lt;- i can't imagine how that statement would ever generate hate .... liar
the verse before shows it was about jews.
some wonderful images there and couldn't agree more on that big world
thanks david - sometimes it seems unimaginably big, but, too often, reality hits and you realize it's just spaceship earth
i am actually both. native &amp; pr... and it is not the same just like the maya &amp; aztec are not the same. but whatever.
maya and aztec are subgroups but come from the same main group different tribes have different names
should you get the jet-black or matte-black iphone 7?
i will take the matte black
lime? da fuck is that? you mean those green lemons? nah. not a word.
limon. which is it?
yeah i think it's under "coheed and cambria-sold out" people are selling tix on there left and right for less than stubhub
i was thinking they would hit up sf cuz they never stop in sacramento
you could generalize that to people, not just men. have seen both ways, but absolutely fair given situation.
i know. personally, iver never experienced a woman elbow me out of the way or tell me what to do. only men.
happy birthday brother
thank you brother !
the trump rally in miami is like a 5 minute walk from me. do i fill water balloons with pee and peg attendees with them?
i'm not saying you should do that, but i'm not going to say don't do that.
seems like a decent villain. expecting him in a movie never.
he's a great fit for something marvel never does in their movies- a villain organizational team
i am actually both. native &amp; pr... and it is not the same just like the maya &amp; aztec are not the same. but whatever.
tainos got as far as georgia where artifacts were found
wip real talk tho, are there things that aren't snakes that come out of skulls?
this is dope
"let's reject the cynicism, the bullying, and the divisive rhetoric that my opponent is using to try and make us all afraid of each other."
that's deplorable!!
he needs to apologize not just to but to his family, especially sasha and malia.
fuck that! hillary started it and he finally got bho to release his birth cert.
just asked if he was going to now apologize to . he dodged my question twice.
art of the deal ... and you got dealt!
spent 25 mins trying to say something funny about my app being next to 's face-moji. comedy is hard
"now i'm wishing i made our logo my face"
just kinda weird that he's not here anymore?? i still keep expecting this tiny little asshole to try and eat my dinner
ah... i'm so very sorry. it sounds like things were rough and you did everything you could *big snugs* if you need anything -
he's a great fit for something marvel never does in their movies- a villain organizational team
something with 1 lead bad guy but several super villain lieutenants making up their entourage
"when it comes to the qualifications we should demand in a president...we need someone who's going to take this job seriously." -
one of the first requirement is tax returns,he has artfully avoided,his base is racist,they just don't want t bother
"he nurtured the conspiracy like a poisonous flower, watering and feeding it..."
not everyone can be an upright, moral, forthright person like you, katy. some of us are racist, bigoted, misogynistic xenophobes
what donald trump has said about our president is really, deeply, disgraceful. where is his apology??
so why doesn't anyone call him out?! certainly didn't.
i have very mixed feelings about american horror story 6... what do you think?
the new style is interesting, but why are the "dramatization" actors 10ish years older than their interviewed counterparts?
in other words he wants child marriages and sex slavery legalized in america. islam is a mental disease.
thanks mate!
where's the snap?
its on my instagram! i'll post a flash back friday later
post a pic of your pet
orange bros
. goes in on people who think sports exist in a bubble.
sticking to sporps
tell us about your character and the other ones!!!!!
my character is upton, in the trailer you see upton and robbie in the mansion fantasy
food $200 data $150 rent $800 commissions $3600 utility $150 someone who is good at the economy please help me budget. my family is dying
never commission me or my son ever again
join us for a twitter q&amp;a today at 4pm pt ... use the tag
lmao imma be in a car going to new hampshire
oh... i just got to that song.
now imagine that it opens to the babybabybabybaby part and you do weakness things to enemies to kill them in 10 seconds
this turned out to not be a joke.
i'm cringing following your saga, it makes me very unhappy :(
the new style is interesting, but why are the "dramatization" actors 10ish years older than their interviewed counterparts?
i feel like that has to be significant, somehow.
annnnnd we're back at it!
man! that's a good looking cart! quite the improvement!
playin skidmore tonight and i am not bashful
yo my best friend goes to school there! he will be in attendance - his first time seeing you
it's dry af here bro
the humidity is like 80% in daly city. it's probably cancer. i probably have eye cancer.
i can never quit this job because my resume would have to say "cat retriever" and "disposer of mice".
"supervisor of vermin-control employees"
his trauma is a real thing that speaks to queer people. we're lucky if we haven't experienced abuse
tbh most of my problems with jude's character/storyline are *because of* my experiences with abuse &amp; mental illness
i can't believe the worst candidate ever with no ground game and tv ads might just win the elec.
it's fantasy. realitytv. not going to happen.
yay i thought so, thank u
late to the party but i agree with the result
a great recap of os transformation journey i was lucky to be helping with (from my good friend )
i'm the lucky one!
now imagine that it opens to the babybabybabybaby part and you do weakness things to enemies to kill them in 10 seconds
and then, you start a new fight and you get the babybabybabybaby opening again and then you do weakness things to enemies to--
wtf does this have to do with trump.
she's running against him and wants to maintain the separation of church and state. relevant.
us friends, we can now finally ship from our online shop to you (well almost all of you). more details here
thank you!!
you could generalize that to people, not just men. have seen both ways, but absolutely fair given situation.
i have had women ask if i'm actually in line. and i've done that. it's the insistence that bugs me.
just asked if he was going to now apologize to . he dodged my question twice.
what a great penetrating question. you must have a very high iq
just kinda weird that he's not here anymore?? i still keep expecting this tiny little asshole to try and eat my dinner
i just lost my baby earlier in the year, i am happy to talk. i am so sorry
i'm starting to think could just be making stuff up and photoshopping it now, and we'd never know.
those are real - they are "common" in a part of brazil.
so glad i contributed in a small way to making this happen-it's the most beautiful mag i've seen in a long time!
i am thankful to for bringing me in!
there's like 30 people here and none of them want to interact with each other.
there is also three dudes who look like jeff rosenstock but are totally not jeff rosenstock.
i wonder who did so wrong, i'm sure her ex on twitter stressin
all my exes are dead
an overview of the move &amp; some initial thoughts. more coming.
fyi the tweet in that post just shows up as broken html
follow he has link on his account. read from top to bottom from her side and rose side of the story.
i just read his article but i can't find the texts you screenshotted, that's what i really want to see
politics podcast: it's all about health - pneumonia, the dr. oz show, and child care
every episode is amazing a keep up the good work!
ep, 21 of my is out - with niaf pres. joseph del raso talking what it means to be italian-american (+ more):
it means feast of the seven fish in my house :)
ok over this convo cool. not going back &amp; forth.
lol i study this i'm a history major it's a simple this has been proven dna is evident but ok
"what knowledge workers can learn from chefs"
thanks for the share niklas! keep up the great stuff you're doing with blinkist.
to be fair i'm the same way. i got that self check bone. no cashiers in my way. i'm my own cashier
self checkout all the way. especially with the "forgot my card," option. all the deals, none of the tape.
and then, you start a new fight and you get the babybabybabybaby opening again and then you do weakness things to enemies to--
kill them in 10 seconds, and then run on to the next enemies to fight them and get that glass shattering into babybabybabybaby
deffo gonna break a sweat to this one! thanks for your suggestions lm hq x
definitely going to listen to it when i'm on the subway so i can bop my head up and down.people'll say i'm crazy
stfu carnage i'll drop kick you in the neck
i'll dropkick you in the chest.
if do remember reading when hillary releases her goldman sachs transcripts he will release them....
she's already released her taxes - why hasn't he? then we'll deal with transcripts.
people really out here getting pick up orders from in order to fedex them overnight to friends.
the little food truck that could...
hes a fantastic director
i agree
trump is a genius!!! he got the media to broadcast the opening of his brand new luxury hotel in d.c. awesome
what's odd is how msm doesn't talk of . claim that dt is racist seems to get watered down if he is brought up.
tbh most of my problems with jude's character/storyline are *because of* my experiences with abuse &amp; mental illness
i don't think the book is w/o merit-but its insistence that jude is not mentally ill is very suspect to me...
dammit, jews! luckily it's yom kippur this week...you can beg for forgiveness.
should probably remind all my new followers that i too am a member of the tribe.
bs that was so forgivable, her opponent asked her to be his secretary of state. she's a fine, nay, great candidate.
she is way behind what she should be; i think it's debatable if that's for reasons she controls.
yeah. about that...
well if they some how turn this thing around then it won't have gone wrong after all
i'm close to snapping at someone today everyone i've dealt with has been super snarky and i have just about had enough with the nice klee
no, do not abandon nice klee, do you want to let them win? i wouldn't, always stay true to yourself and don't let anyone change you
no way, come to the city!
when can i?
all songs sound better sung in groundskeeper willie's voice
i also recommend doing dre in a schwarzenegger voice, and biggie in a sean connery voice
the birther movement was about delegitimizing the first african-american president in our history.
brother bernie, appears corp dnc willing 2 stuff $hill like a dead animal then prop her up behind the desk if needbe
iphone 7 has a new button, that's the same, but not.... that's it
but it won't blow up lol
it's such a mess. i know people that have done pick-up in the past and it was nothing like this.
i know, its been great (more or less) whenever i've done it. so disappointing. :-/ on a lighter note, me you and ...
speaking as an outsider looking in, the whole reason they're fighting is incredibly stupid.
carol's all "i want to be the douche bag this event!" &amp; tony's like "well, i saw minority report so deal!" -let them fight-
and as has reminded me: fun boris fact: his great-aunt was (no, not deborah kerr):
i know i know, call on me, teacher!!
nooooo! ack, sorry to hear!
i know! it sucks and i was bummed but it's the closest i've gotten in like a year of trying lol.
lmfaoooo girl when budda be screenshotting my pics like this i be nice asf to him so he dont put me on blast
lol it's whatever \_()_/ i got a lot on him too haha
nfl notes: kickoffs, bills, chargers &amp; colts
the 3 stooges - irsay,pagano &amp; grigson - are wasting luck.
i know, its been great (more or less) whenever i've done it. so disappointing. :-/ on a lighter note, me you and ...
should get together sometime soon! its been wayyyyyyy too long!
false translation.. word used is "curse" not "destruction"
says you which means nothing. either way it is hatred.
then there was this---&gt; donald trump's birther pr stunt beset by chaos, stage collapse
my god. he's more vile &amp; evil than i thought. will really have to rethink if i can't support a lying corrupt panderer after all
yeah and the words under god by a presidential candidate sure help.
they're irrelevant "civic religion." what matters is your commitment to the 1st amendment where she's rock-solid.
who will i be seeing at this weekend?!
you should go check out panel.
clinton goes on tweetstorm ripping into trump:
its called a frustrated temper tantrum there r so many important things to discuss why this? what is hrc covering up
you know that feeling when you thought your tweet was funny but it completely bombed? well that was pretty much my high school years.
, my high school years were like... h/t:
.: "in these final days let's try to tune out all the chatter and the non-stop analysis."
he is the 1st mixed potus. mom was white &amp; she raise him. dad was black &amp; he left both of them!
white people. we gotta have a talk with marc jacobs. whose turn is it this time?
whatever for? he just stated that i was guilty of cultural appropriation when i straightened my hair.....
the acculumated anti-clinton narrative built up since 90s is shitty...but the truth is not "she's actually great!"
i wouldn't say "she's actually great!" so much as this may be closer than expected, in which case factors like this may have impact
so like the masters of evil, or the sinister six.
more like masters of evil yeah, like for im4 they could do one big bad like mandarin and give him several super henchmen
false translation.. word used is "curse" not "destruction"
i know, you the unknown muslim is cited more than sahih international. lol
trying to block career services emails but it turns out there are like five different addresses that they use so i keep! getting them!
i am employed please leave me alone
is it out yet?
closed alpha. a friend got me in
let's laugh at this person while ignoring the lack of critical faculties we bring to the politicians we favor.
you seem to be mistaking my wracking sobs for laughter.
more like masters of evil yeah, like for im4 they could do one big bad like mandarin and give him several super henchmen
like controller or blizzard don't really work as solo villains but they're dope supporting villains
michelle obama: "a candidate is not going to suddenly change once they get into office"
yes we know that already... nothing changed in the past 8 years... cause the promise of change was a lie.. so you are right
ok over this convo cool. not going back &amp; forth.
as hispanic we def shud embrace that cultural background
this is tafseer not translation.
which outweighs anything you have to say on islam. who cites you?
i do not want these emails look at me i am the captain now
bottom text
your assuming he is,her investigation was because of breaking the law, he is not breaking the law by not releasing
again: why won't he release ?
the acculumated anti-clinton narrative built up since 90s is shitty...but the truth is not "she's actually great!"
i don't think sander's would have pursued so rigorous and flimsy a critique if he thought race would be close, for example.
i wonder if any talk show hosts rubbed hitler's hair?
yeah, but they were all on the radio so you couldn't tell.
i also have cop friends who say they deal w/ the same people all the time doing the same things, yet the public isn't aware of it
there's no doubt that being a good policeman/woman is one of the hardest jobs in the world.
trump is a genius!!! he got the media to broadcast the opening of his brand new luxury hotel in d.c. awesome
then there's relationship with clinton/ al sharpton... no bigotry there. absolutely ridiculous.
how that happen
someone let unloaded a clip smh lmaoooooooo dique . some bs bro all my fault smh
i'll accept my fate when the time comes, please give all my money to scientists so they can cure eichi's illness...
if my life can be saved by eichi then surely his life can be saved too
so basically people she buy it just complain a lot
the consumer has screwed us yet again
injury update: is out with a herniated disc suffered during training
ah, crap. feel better, maxime!
"should never see an escalator out of order, just escalator temporarily stairs. sorry for the convenience." - mitch
mitch was inspiration
that it's true
lol yeah it's true! fire play at toyota park &amp; fc dallas are at toyota stadium
remember when they said the macbook air would flop or that the ipad would never be practical?
the idea of the airpods is fine, but every image i've seen of people wearing them looks terrible
listening to and sing together in is a straight-up religious experience. just otherworldly!
you're too sweet. i have a feeling that you really want to be in the show so i'm watching my back
he wasn't even trying to be discreet
right! it's the fact that they just took the hits that killed me yo
i'm talking about my textbook rental, but as i'm typing i realize this can apply to many things. clothes, people's hearts.... much wow
you gonna call someone's heart trash
there is also three dudes who look like jeff rosenstock but are totally not jeff rosenstock.
also a couple slow dancing to complete silence. too pure.
what i send when a girl asks me for a dick picture
? seriously?
i can read arabic mate. you can't. you are really pathetic. please stop tweeting me now.
most muslims cannot. so they all have islam wrong?
notice jetemiah denigrates trump's skin color while calling someone else racist. "your kind"??
you're extremely stupid... and you deserve it.
i swear customers think i'm a air freshener specialist at speedys
u r bitch your car has every single one of them in there rt
it could be a major to success.
maybe, but then you could've made a photo op joke
you like chicken? if so then two words "bon chon". you better ask somebody lolz /cc
you started somethin' on my page now. lolz. /cc
i sent samples via concorde to the us for analysis. my friend in new york lost all the data when his hard disk failed.
only crushing the hard disc will get rid of data, to the cost of some!!! i regularly re-cover from sd cards
ask 100 people what hospitality is and you'll get 100 different answers.
i feel this is subtweeting!!!
i can read arabic mate. you can't. you are really pathetic. please stop tweeting me now.
i go on world renowned translations. who are you again?
the boy's mother said she "bawled for four days straight" when she saw the horrifying image
i hope this little boy gets protected from these monsters..
where's the 'vomit' one?
it was very popular so sold out...
damn turning into a tourist resort...
you got one chip as a roll player.
the cost of living is more expensive for the poor
there's a nice video on about this summarizing how expensive it is to be poor.
"should be" is an interesting phrase. there's no precedent for a woman running for president.
"should be" is based on generic/avg dem candidate with name recognition; i added "in her control" in part bc sexism
white people. we gotta have a talk with marc jacobs. whose turn is it this time?
i mean instead of just hiring these models, he went to a fucking etsy store to buy yarn!!!!
jude is mentally ill, how can you not be mentally ill when you're the unwilling participant in an adults sexuality?
i agree-but there's a part where andy tells willem jude isn't bc his behavior makes sense in reaction to his trauma
wang referenced ghesquiere a ton during his time at balenciaga. literally copied things.
everyone steal from the king of fashion lbr
i wonder if any talk show hosts rubbed hitler's hair?
axis sally.
sources: vice president of baseball operations chaim bloom among candidates for ' leadership position.
he'll also be available if a minion is needed.
remember when they said the macbook air would flop or that the ipad would never be practical?
it'd be nice if they were like secret service-esque pods that sit in your ear with no extremities
then there's relationship with clinton/ al sharpton... no bigotry there. absolutely ridiculous.
but shut it down. a political move going down in history as pure brilliance.
"should be" is an interesting phrase. there's no precedent for a woman running for president.
but also in part because of racist fervor trump has tapped into, etc
i once dissected a sheep eye, i'm qualified to help.
i'm open to an eyeball dissection, but i'm going to need to get pretty drunk first.
i can read arabic mate. you can't. you are really pathetic. please stop tweeting me now.
when you coming to takeover america? we are waiting for you scumbag.
fyi, mcclatchy's former washington bureau chief has been saying this since at least march. no one noticed until now.
sitting tight for email hack on this whole subject... coming soon.
i agree-but there's a part where andy tells willem jude isn't bc his behavior makes sense in reaction to his trauma
which is a very inaccurate definition
where can i get one of these "friends"
idk man i just find 'em lying about the place
popeyes' $5 bonafide big box is genuinely the most generous value meal i've seen in years
but what about the taco bell cravings box? so much food. $5.
globalists unite! , who spurned , teams up w/ obama to push for . ohioans take note!
pathetic, isn't it?
who's trying to go on an adventure?!
far away from this place? me
remember when they said the macbook air would flop or that the ipad would never be practical?
obviously the microphone would have more trouble detecting your commands, but i'm sure apple could figure it out
tip no. 1: fashion week is much easier to navigate when you are russell westbrook.
exponentially
o sh*t for a second i thought this was somebody doing cosplay. but no y'all it's just .
that's just what we need: jamie to go all madrox and have clones! evil beware!
i am super excited about cathartic reunion, no lie
ooh i just saw that the full set spoiler was posted! this will be a problem for hug time
, you mean talentless? boasts? just checking. wouldn't want to start a discussion with a kid
. as to your twitter blurb, you mean objectivity, right? nobody says objectiveness.
i really care about the lenses on the back. the plus comes with two meanwhile the regular comes with one
it's also the size of a building.
"we have an opportunity to elect one of the most qualified people who has ever endeavored to become president." - on hillary
you're both out of jobs in short order. try to make the best of it. will be your president too.
rt we all wear chains forged in our own furnaces. - rick polad
sadly, those chains are the lies we tell ourselves as perceived truths
no one here will tell, will they?
i won't lol!!
nope. fuck this. i need a new job. idc if anybody feels some type of way about it.
you and me both
these are the people we are dealing with, they don't even know where obama was born.
lol. trump literally tweeted a link that says obama was gay-married in a muslim ceremony.
it's now forever settled: is a lying racist piece of garbage.
how's that rape trial going mr.trump?
i feel like steven is such a pointless name, everyone ends up dropping the n and says steve
what the fuck is this tweet, why did no one stop me or question this
a little life. it was a heartbreaker but it will amaze you!
i'm really afraid that it will be too sad for me
i loved it!!!!! omg i can't wait!!! (thanks for answer me btw, loved to talk to you, you're so sweet!)
no problem, we are just so happy for all the love and support
"the presidency doesn't change who you are. it reveals who you are. and the same thing is true of a presidential campaign." -
yes it does and sadly we know who hillary is.
i guess racism, lies, con jobs, and rape, just aren't funny. did have to resort to trump to boost ratings? sad :(
fallon had the most corrupt and dangerous person to run for potus over to...muss his hair unbelievable
we're excited for you! best of luck with the move, and come see us for a treat when you're all settled in?
of course, i look forward to it!
i hope everyone has an amazing time at ! sad i can't be there but i miss all of you
it's not going to be the same without you
acts of &amp; come
thanks for the i'm with her i say lets make it a for
the gang trying to get their shit together
the gang doing a photoshoot
that there is ud nd 2live here 2 c them all
and thank god for that!
i had problems with his proposals and rhetoric...but laying the blame on his campaign for people not getting behind her..
i think it's too soon to say. but i think it's plausible his rhetoric may impact outcome, don't you?
you're my height right
how tall are you?
under god is "civic religion" ? lol
yeah, it's meaningless. it's like "in god we trust on the money." compared to defending the separation of church and state?
remember when they said the macbook air would flop or that the ipad would never be practical?
my guess is that they settled with a suboptimal design not because they wanted to look like regular headphones but bc of the mic
staying to watch the weigh-in at 5:30?
i will be watching the weigh in
at the smash global anti bullying black tie charity mma event. a fantastic event to raise...
nvr saw u in a bowtie b4. lk rodstewart sd in song, "you wear it well "&amp;tht ws b4 he saw u all spiffy!we nd sequel 2the song
it's t-mobile actually
lol lucky i'm still waiting for my shit to ship it says by 9/30
like, one thing i loved about the civil war movie was that the character conflict was believable and the issue was legitimate
the core question of civil war 1 was at least a legitimate philosophical query, civil war 2 is just stupid
1 minute i must read the tafseer (from the experts), now that is not good?
lol he is all caught up in his bs.
an observation from a distance
about last night
central park does not suck.
i am so glad that you gave moved here, the best pizza is at sacco on 54 street and 9th avenue, trader joes wine, excellent
you have scroll down like in bottom
do you recall how long ago
the jet black for sure. first time i won't be using a case. too pretty.
i'm going jet black with skin.
you don't even live in the us. stfu
have your mama wipe your ass. dig her dead ass up from her grave if it;s dead. you disgust me!
walking to end alzheimer's tomorrow in san francisco!
such good dudes right here
hey or can't yah put in an interracial double penetration
oh &amp; add &amp; too to do interracial dp too
finally found you in the twitter-verse! ;) happy !
hellooooo!!! yes! happy and release day!
meldonium is not 4 her pain, but for her height - giraffe's blood pressure overstrains heartpump:)
follow the thread. serena wasn't on mel. she was on meds for pain
you didn't mention wants to be like his idol and control the media
/ can we start by stringing together a coherent question or comment? then i will attempt to respond. let's not be a troll
i'm so in love with can you follow me? lots of love xx
glad to hear you love , we're so happy about all the love we've seen today sure thing
let's see if trump dares to attack the first lady today. you may want to watch his twitter feed.
that would have a big downside because women do love her and that could mobilize the base. doesn't mean he won't though.
lol you really are butt hurt aren't you. did some muslim kid beat you up when you were a kid ?
i have no respect for you at all, so nothing you say will get under my skin.
the shooter who's better-and bigger-than stephen curry - wsj
this is ridiculous! curry is one of the best, if not the best shooters ever in the game.
there's no mystery what links all these. birtherism is the symptom, not the diagnosis. 4/4
when you don't understand trade or economic, don't know much history, what else do you have to talk about?
experimenting with sleep schedule and it turns out maybe the reason i'm so tired 24/7 is bc i only feel rested after 12hrs of sleep minimum
which is an issue because more than 6 hours is.. unrealistic for my current work/class schedule
when's your birthday?
in march, have to plan early though
crazy that in a month my beautiful friend will be marrying her soulmate ugh
i love you sm my tee
how about this, reporters at trumpmania: when he claims credit for proving potus born here (or whatever) how about all of you just laugh?
preferably hysterically.
i'm blushing
never mind. no edits necessary. that shreve guy is a good egg.
this guy really likes wawa.
that person is correct
gop underestimated the makeup of their party and ignorance within
life getting you down, rita ? u frustrated ? don't get yourself dehydrated - u know what can happen
oh important note: because there's no more physical home button, the force restart combo is no longer power and home
there is, try volume down + power
yeah, definitely is. but many festival/holiday foods are pretty unhealthy. like the treats during hindu festivals.
admittedly my family re-gifts them. like fruitcake!
a week ago on i successfully pushed giuliani to say that trump believes president obama is legitimate. today, trump admitted it.
kind of. while proffering a different lie...
i do enjoy villain teams, so i'd be down for that.
it'd be a great way to spice things up too from the standard chatty villain, big ticking clock, sky thing, homogenous henchmen
lol you really are butt hurt aren't you. did some muslim kid beat you up when you were a kid ?
deflection. you were talking trash this morning about taking over america. back it up muslim.
son!!!!! lmaooooo i peep marie shit she ain't low!!!!
those tips pull through. she think she lower than my balls? nope.
more trump: -muslim san bernardino neighbors saw "pipe bombs" -innuendo on cruz/carson/clinton/romney faith 3/x
read chapter 3 of my book...should be out next week....and you'll read the real story of the pipe bombs.
surely is our instagram
thanks. i'll take a look shortly. so sorry for the issues you're seeing.
been wearing my new for about 8 hours. the verdict: the most comfortable shoes i've ever had. my feet are happy right now.
big fan here too; bought two!
i don't like calling him mentally ill as that's treatable. he's not treatable.rotten to the core
mentally ill is treatable but not always curable. so, yeah, rotten &amp; irredeemable.
thanks to all members who are here in washington as part of the legislative conference.
dear keith: please don't rt and his . he can't be trusted and i will have to unfollow u.
been there many times, it's just a few miles away from where i was born. the latest 'pic' is just seals though, i've seen it.
it's on my bucket list of places i want to visit. my sister went a few years back and said its beautiful
when composing a tweet search results for a mention or hashtag should be shown in realtime, providing in turn boosts tweet quality.
this can be applied to almost any platform with similar results. 's context function is best example i can find.
the best stability, growth &amp; monetization tools for your mobile games all in one place. get fabric today.
i might give this a shot
still trying to find out what "freaky" means
you find out because i realized that i'm not a freak compared to a lot of people i've seen/met
we know how to deal with addicts. we know how to deal with addiction. we just need the resources &amp; to not put people in jail.
wait you just said spend less money on drug addiction &amp; more money on murders &amp; rapes. slightly contradictory?
their are different tafseers. try tafseer e kabir.
the verse is hatred. crawl back under your rock nazi.
i'm still not understanding this sparkling water trend...pls explain.
does this help
: "let's beat vietnam and finish top of the group."-&gt;
they better beat vietnam. if they don't , this would be a rewind of 1966 vs north korea.
thank god eatsa has an app and i use it.....place is packed today!
maybe not....plastic in my lunch today
hannah come!!!!!!!
omg hagniss comeeee
have you explored honolulu's chinatown? our island guide can help you.
always go there to buy the peanut candy! there is a noodle factory for fresh rice noodles :)
second place in polish trends ! think that our country really love
love it!!
i ran ads for the oakmtg forum. it just surprised me how limited they made the ads.
given the deep pockets, i'm sure they're using 3rd party enterprise software for social ads w features you and i would never see ;)
awesome research tim. that guy seems unscrupulous and will try to bring it to the xbox one.
hope best for his game, but he made mistakes, as did sony, no reason to pass the buck
what've i been sayin' here?
the right thing. again.
owned. in text see how silly and immature you are. you just made up a little alternate reality for yourself. laughing
here is a pic of poor trying to dealing with the brilliant with typical libiot results
its fake lmao its easy to fake it
it's fake lmao? i was there lmao
me: what's your last name? guest: jo***h me: of course it is
was the guest italian
and also i'm not a trump supporter. please go argue with someone else
but, you're expecting french anti-clericalism in america where it's never existed. silly comparison.
"oh, ain't you a beautiful girl" *mumbles w/o looking up* "i am a harpy from hell and i will eat your heart out, go away"
next time try "i will eat your eyes."
melania trump could serve them tea but wouldn't be able to hold a conversation. she's an idiot
just saying, dt supporters look at this as intellectualism &amp; a divider. i agree with you but real message may get lost b careful
here's a gif of a raccoon trying to eat cotton candy for your viewing pleasure
that's not cute at all! that's sad! they put their food in water to soften it. i hope someone bought him a new one.
apps that offer to sign up by connecting to facebook, then ask me to set a password, i'm all
how about apps that use facebook auth but then need a password (which doesn't exist) to change settings?
tn was my first time hearing my neck my back in the club in a long time and i felt reborn again
lol where was this
otterbox winter sale is on! up to 40% popular iphone and samsung galaxy cases + see other accessories! ~save 10%...
save 10% + shipping with at otterbox
what if i did
then we'd be brothers for life
michelle on the stump
you know i'm watching
it's not like there's never been clairvoyant characters in the marvel universe before, right?
plenty, and the future has proven multifaceted, entirely changeable, and nearly impossible to predict with 100% certainty
iphone 7 running, but it didn't restore my icloud backup even though i selected it, so now i'm starting over
now it's restoring the backup. time remaining: 2h
terrific flotus speech: not covered by fox news. it is on cnn and msnbc.
who ever said fox covers news?
popular president? lol irrelevant but ok
what do you mean
lol lol lol i'm glad you find this shit amusing
what is this so g called agian?
lynn has never been an oc. kromer was at least an oc. why lynn over him? cause he's one of rex's guys. that's what this is about.
rex is going to die with his guys because that's where he feels more comfortable. he's gonna have more control. gonna run the ball 400 times
maybe i have an iron deficiency i hear that's a thing..
alternatively: depression
plenty, and the future has proven multifaceted, entirely changeable, and nearly impossible to predict with 100% certainty
that's why the future isn't one of sentinel genocide or a martian takeover or the badoon conquering all of space
michelle obama loathes hillary clinton and has since 2008. she's campaigning for obama's legacy and not cause she loves hillary.
...and everybody knows it! lol.
i've now called 338 charities, looking for proof gives his own $ to charity. haven't found much.
have you checked the human fund?
this attaches a lot more cosmic importance to yama than in the main series. i wonder if this is how it works in yyh?
so then... why didn't freeza come back after gohan "killed" him?
fun new line-waiting game: is that a barbecue or a fire
what time was your appointment at?
that is great
be sure to catch me on the radio as i continue to turn people against islam. enjoy!
honestly having a premiere for my movie the same day as drop the new album couldn't be more perfect sucha perfect vibe
sounds incredible, i can't wait to see it, i'm dedicating "wanderlust" to you
tweet a quote or a pic of a favorite panel from a recent comic. include title, issue #, &amp; hashtag - but no big spoilers!
detective 940 and this panel specifically wrecked me
who said money cannot buy everything?
this is a big insult to dog
attitudes in karachi harden after undemocratic and uncivilized actions of ssp rao anwar against highest public representative of
need to start a new trend
i'm shocked that people have actually defended contacting hg's jobs. smh
what kind of crap is that?
people who are from/have been to london: if you were here for 2 days, what would you want to see/eat/do? can't decide where to take someone!
borough market, and walk by tower bridge, because it's gorgeous
a class action lawsuit was filed today against anthony noto/dick costolo for allegedly misleading investors about growth of twitter in 2015.
just a class action, but will be interesting to watch if granted.
lea seydoux displays her baby bump in chic red dress as she cosies up to marion cotillard
two beautiful and very sexy ladies.
i so want this show to happen...no, i need it to happen!! and looks amazing in it!!
i feel the same way! call , then everyone worldwide can enjoy and thank you, appreciate it!
total rock star! sama and lxmi
thanks jacki! what you've built with is *incredible*
has there ever been this big of a shitshow for an election before?
historically. yes. modern era. no.
i've never really hated sticking to the formula, but that'd be neat.
when it works (avengers, im3, cap) it works great but it can get a little tired (dark world, ultron, gotg)
what's the more obvious fallacy? garth brooks pretending to be a rocker or thom yorke pretending to be an artist?
you leave bad boy chris gains out of this.
this why i fuck w you
gotta keep it one-hundo w ayething
this is the best - guilty (you're the one) on
tyvm: 4the + 4the +
new air buds with lightning connector sound great. more clarity and slightly better bass response
really? i find them just as bad as the old earbuds. nowhere near as good as $20 ones that seal out the noise.
...but i find it annoying for him to lay blame on bernie winning the hearts of youngs when his generation leans trump in polls
the question i guess is a matter of levers. what was conceivable to push on to change things? i'm not sure old people being racist
ace of spades was sold to livenatiom so they're bringing in bigger bands- which is cool with me since i'm 45 minutes away!
i'm hours away :/ i'll see them next time. have fun
i wish to have a time to write it properly. thanks for the idea!
i would, but would copy and paste. if that's ok, let meknow
deserves a replay
which one of you is wearing the skirt?
i don't think they're all free but i believe some are cus the one in april was completely free
ugh i bought a fish to help with my loneliness. it hasn't done much but shout out to her
colin kaepernick's mom uses twitter to speak out publicly against her son and his actions.
colin kaepernick's birth mother only comes out of hiding periodically for opportunistic purposes.
these neighborhoods are the most impoverished with staggering crime rates and they have been run by democrats for years! truth
lol. oh ok that is how it is everywhere, shut it w/your ignorance
by far my favorite argumentative strategy on the reactionary right is, "oh, yeah? you're the real bigot."
it's bigoted to call out bigotry, hateful to call out hate...
...but i find it annoying for him to lay blame on bernie winning the hearts of youngs when his generation leans trump in polls
... is actionable intelligence in the fight against trump. young people being gullible probably was.
yes, because voting is the most effective way to make change. that's bullshit. especially in our system.
if that belief (or false equiv of dt/hrc) is shared by enough voters, then like i said: see u in gulag
i had a dream i got all of the lyrics to war pigs by black sabbath tattooed on my chest and no one would have sex with me : /
to be fair it was probably a premonition
how can we make football safer? read the commissioner's letter.
change it to the nffl: national flag football league
realizing that i haven't given classic shoutout in a while. think i'll get back into it w/ friends . artists check it!
thank you! much appreciated!!
more trump conspiracies: -mexico sending "rapists" -cruz's father and jfk -muslims celebrating 9/11 2/x
chapter 34 addresses the media's falsehoods about muslims not celebrating on 9/11...ch. 29 false statements abt jfk
playing as foxes in fiction, guitar in and bass in tonight at the patientness release at silent barn, come thru
you're gonna die of exhaustion!
imagine terry crews had braids he'd be like tookie williams
so with that being said they need to create a movie on tookie williams with terry crews playing him with the fake shemar moore braids
ha, ap history is pretty light on tech once you get past fulton or the cotton gin
wanna come talk to some private school technologists about this?
so the pulling events from nc this week means nothing? nice try jeff
no sanctions at baylor yet. unc academics, miami benefits. ncaa is fickle. what about state of indiana?
in march, have to plan early though
yes you are so right
she could convince to run into a wall tbh
i was just abt to say this! like fack. i just want her in my life all the time. you seen her on ellen?
like, isn't scarlet witch's power the ability to manipulate probability, thus rendering fortune-telling useless?
i mean, spider-man is currently close friends with miguel o'hara, the spider-man of the year 2099
i'm waiting for y'all to call lauren london a hoe...so i can remind y'all of the things y'all mothers used to do for crack.
*screams*
experience on the next gen network. get iphone 7 for $0 when you trade in select iphone models.
i'm also trying to understand what this iphone 7 promotion is about. please provide me w/the details or link to the promotion specs
just posted a photo
foxxy i wish i could have thirty minutes of your time .that would be my life dream cum true .the things we could do
this is a fine outcome, in prototype form.
they should have he headphone jack come out the side so the chin can be smaller.
i'm interested in visiting tokyo however i worry that my basic understanding of their culture + ignorance of their language would hamper me.
you'd be fine in tokyo, but confused for sure. it gets harder the further you go from the city.
i'm researching whether to do a python 3 version of lpthw. here are my tough questions:
i can't answer your questions, but i hope you do it!
in politics too much we talk about personality. we've got to back away from that and look at the needs of the american people.
speak favorably about the personality of hillary clinton. it is now about her, not you.
try this media / reporters / networks / cable "news" announce a complete &amp; total shut down of trump coverage until taxes released
again, not going to happen. the media is a constant interview for the upcoming trump network...
comon, you can do better than that. is that the worse abuse you can give?
islam = nazism.
it is amazing to see how pivotal, inc. applies agile patterns to every area of our business, not just building great...
thanks anthony!
i mean, spider-man is currently close friends with miguel o'hara, the spider-man of the year 2099
using knowledge of the future to avoid never works in comics, time doesn't allow it, it's a law
i'm expecting separation of church and state. the "wall of separation" mentioned by jefferson.
the us conceptualizes that separation in a particular way to allows these sort of meaningless gestures about religion.
i'd love to, but i think it should be a poc
there are a lot of brilliant and passionate choices in and !
to each his own, but nick cannon is a better host than 90% of tv
he's first team all "why are you famous"
why should he be enthusiastic for someone who tried to ruin him politically?
ruin him politically?? she ran against him, and won. he lost. that's what happens in politics. you're ridiculous.
can i get a coupon?
during our there are a ton of hot tubs on sale! receive 60 months special financing! visit a store near you!
new development. there's a guy here who just took a wired office phone out of his briefcase.
feel like this is only acceptable use of phone in a confined public space.
thoughtful discussion today at the first student newspaper editorial board meeting of the...
big thoughts happen at editorial board meetings.
it's okay, you can play mana dribble plus a few of these
sorry i don't understand, that doesn't look like it goes zoom ;) (holy shit just saw
dis was me when i was like 15, my moms friend had her bachelors party at my apt and i came back next day 2 mad dicks
lmfao jokes
i need a sports psychologist and technological equipments to improve my skill ~ abeku jackson
sadly our ministry will not provide that, so you got to dig into opportunities abroad
trump's birther bile: don't believe eleventh-hour abandonment of the racist lie about
boy his is really doing back flips to get the black vote. he needs to apologize. but too little too late.
gary johnson (8.4%) and jill stein (3.2%) fail to meet 15% poll threshold for first .
surprise ? i'm not. how about the character the never trumpers put up in utah. no traction. waist of time.
so i guess that's a no to my earlier question. u really need to do better with urself
it's still early lol
more trump conspiracies: -mexico sending "rapists" -cruz's father and jfk -muslims celebrating 9/11 2/x
oh, sarlin's ridiculous theory about small group of uneducated, angry white males taking over party...that's ch. 35
this is my "i can't go outside b/c it's storming" face
love it!! have a great day!!
now it's restoring the backup. time remaining: 2h
at least they're gonna refund me for the case.
sonnen: i was proud to be a ufc fighter and i am proud to be a bellator fighter. i'm a fight fan.
so glad ur w/bellator since punk got $500k and gall only $30k and gall won in the 1st round! screw the ufc!
and yes.i t's never existed. maybe one of the reasons why there are so many retarded creationists in the us.
maybe, but at least credit the people who are defending the 1st amendment which actually exists.
do you not keep pressing it out of like a decade of muscle memory ?
yes but works as expected.
sorry, we're all stuck in the writers room. but we did pay a visit to uss wayne e meyer during la fleet week.
i figured you all would be too busy with writing and getting filming set up for next season, steven.
.: "when you're making life or death, war or peace decisions, a president can't just pop off."
we certainly arent impressed with near 8 years of america hater aka barry
wait, we're freaking out about this again
nasa apparently changed it officially, so it's science weighing in on psuedoscience. surprise, bitch, you're a cancer now
they're saying that the gringo mandingo is front runner for rookie of the year in dfs wanna dance?
those moves belong on dancing with the dingo
we're just as confused as you are. have you decoded it yet?
i've got nothing.
i'm interested in the ticket!
sold. apologies.
no way, sandwich hero
it's turkey and ham on a whole wheat hero today
michelle needs to campaign more.
esp on college campuses
the golden child
***love the poster artwork, chas., thanks for this!***
hey tom, still have the car seat headrest ticket?
sold. apologies.
mrs obama takes veiled swipe at : "when you're making life or death decisions, a president just can't pop off."
. knows this. did tell that 2 after benghazi? release emails for a:
day and is still being ignored.
to be fair, after everyone saw trump's deplorable "presser" this morning, so is the faux-basket scandal.
what ncaa sanctioned playoff events are there?
haven't checked schedule but have had basketball in the past
will become an expert on cyberstalking laws in the next 72 hours
omg what happened
rex is going to die with his guys because that's where he feels more comfortable. he's gonna have more control. gonna run the ball 400 times
and as i said, i think it's more about infighting than it is about the offense as a whole. the ryans don't get along with offensive coaches
yes you are so right
when are you going?
networks refuse to air trump's hotel "press" tour after reporters barred
brilliant marketing by donald &amp; the media got duped (again)...
as opposed to something that makes you quit ex ante
think about rise in alcoholism after soviet collapse, leading to slower recovery than otherwise.
wow.. lmaooooo.. you been hip.
virginity was my shit lol
i'm on mountain ave rn, i know imy2 i'll see u next month tho
yes very soon are you going to dbco?
it's mind-blowing to think about but there was a time not that long ago when gays didn't have olive oil
yes, they had to use goose fat.
thanks for a great event last night
you are so welcome, thanks for coming!
great page. we're huge tech enthusiasts &amp; love so many of your posts &amp; updates, look forward to more &amp; happy to connect!
thank you for those kind words!!
you're eating cake with frosting on it?!
no cake it eating me!
haven't checked schedule but have had basketball in the past
kevin ollie and uconn staff boycotted a tournament there due to state barring travel.
great info, thanks.
thank you for helping get this important info out there! have a wonderful weekend! randall
. tweets about the issue and .
we're smart enough to see passed her political double talk
"britney spears and lady gaga aren't friends" then how do you explain this ?
those are cheap impersonators
damn! and during the holidays no less!
i know, heartless! but, she had "bin" mean...
i've got this aliased to `gco-` which makes for lightning fast switches back to master.
. sure, but aliases in tweets raise more questions than they answer: $ git init $ yolo $
rumors on race/religion spread by trump: -obama is kenyan -obama affirmative action student -obama a muslim 1/x
yes, i think he should release his tax returns so semi-educated millennials can express moral outrage abt it.
i missed pouille-nadal and murray-nishikori at the uso... but i didn't miss this... another classic 5-setter
great match!!
no plebiscite. just . sign here:
love is love for all humanity. all countries in the un should be required to have marriage equality.
do you have surveillance cameras at your home or residence in town? you may be capturing criminal activity and...
who is getting this information and how is it being secured? would love to share details but ....
currently forcing her to pay for every single book on the table.
just knock her coffee over just knock it over
6. lastly, think of discipline obama has had for 8 years to not just say publicly, "you race baiting motherf...." looking forward to memoir
he is a much better person than i.
dizzy on the comedown
this is really cool!
cheese nips taste like economic stagnation. cheez-its taste like economic mobility.
cheese nips are a basket of deplorables
lol, that's close enough to count! she owns it. glad you admit it.
it was suggested, she didn't go along w/ it. so yes, she owns refusing
it's like a game of guess who where the only useful question is, is your person the chancellor of germany?
guess e.u.?
when are you going?
planning for the weekend of nov.18th my bday the 20th.
it's no wonder is a campus mentor when you know how fantastic a peer mentor she is! this , check her out.
d'awww, thank you always happy to help!
it rarely works in any story. usually it just creates more problems.
it only works if you're coming back from the future to change the present, like that 1 time-
"i was going to vote for hillary until i got tweeted 20 alt-rw memes" -said nobody--
that was for the trump guy btw, i
there are a lot of brilliant and passionate choices in and !
i'll continue to support the work and organizing done by and others, tho
lmao aww. i'm gonna get a cat for that very reason.
but tbh i can barely take care of myself let alone an animal. not really in a position to adopt rn
people that dont know me always say i'm stuck up, bougie, mean, think i'm better than anyone...the list goes on
wait this ain't true?
lol, that's close enough to count! she owns it. glad you admit it.
to use a racist conspiracy theory &amp; run w/ it like white natlist mascot
one bite with davey pageviews - rustico ii (not to be confused with rustico 1)
best one yet, the amount of bites on the sicilian was great
rumors on race/religion spread by trump: -obama is kenyan -obama affirmative action student -obama a muslim 1/x
hoping for a pay raise or promotion are you?
trump predicted in 2012 that potus would "start a war or major conflict to win" the election. folks, trump is nuts
there is a big bunch out there that say obama wants to start a race war so he can declare martial law, i know.
can you please tell us who is who here? i mean i already know who you are
from left to right robbie, theo, tommy, upton, henry
i just spent my whole shoe budget on new glasses and shipping things :(
shoe budget? lol
ohh didn't most astrologers bunk that? i'm pretty sure did.
yeah, just nasa made it a thing today so everyone is freaking out again \_()_/
now the congessional black caucus, landlords of the inner city ghettos, are speaking about their outrage at trump's supposed birtherism.
obama is the 1st mixed .mom was white &amp; raised him. dad was black &amp; he left them both! he is more white bcause of mom
if you're a nobody, that is your issue.
. as an antisemite you display an admirable command of the difference between "your" &amp; "you're"
michelle is maybe the best surrogate hillary has, and that's saying a lot.
i was tearing up a bit.
damn who you pissed off ?? :///
lmao tbh i wish someone would've broke it so i can at least be mad at someone but nah i broke that shit on my own my dumbass
try teeth falling from the sky... try not to scream.
outstanding! and i'm making no promises!
.1) $10mm to the charity of your choice if you let me interview you for 4 hrs on your policies and their substance.
but he said you were not smart and didn't know the issues. think he'll accept. i don't think so!!
hot on the case of the real cynic
not to mention obama's birth certificate was released during the '08 campaign. birthers complained that it wasn't the "real" one
we've partnered w/ and to ask your q's on the red carpet - share w/ !
why can't we edit tweets
flotus, crushing
let's get serious. if far more qualified than .
it only works if you're coming back from the future to change the present, like that 1 time-
or that other time
other than avocados, is there anything a hipster cares more about than finding free wifi??
mustache combs
not a joke: terry gross asked abby wambach if she needed to sleep with a man to confirm that she was gay.
you might have clarified in your piece that rochester is not on long island, even if tg thinks it is.
temperatures are up inland but down along the coast. everyone warms this weekend. summer's not over yet!
this is my prediction,our weather will b nice in 70's&amp;80's,right up to 10-31 then it turns cold! it happens every year
stacy latham alley is basically michelle visage. rt if you agree
this is not shade. i love both ladies. this is a huge compliment
thank you! to learn about us please check us out at we really need your help!
absolutely.
shep, letmuslim obama release hiscollege school records!
whatshepard, racist to tell thetruth obama is an alien!
lol, that's close enough to count! she owns it. glad you admit it.
donald trump did. clinton rejected it; trump exploited it. and now
when i'm feeling stalled i sometimes put a very small task on my todo list so i can get it done, cross it off, and start overcoming inertia.
oh shit did i just write a non-ironic lifehack what have i become
the article mentions that yoshida is popular as if it adds something to it.
lol yeah , what a mess
jealous! enjoy -- don't know which is tougher, canelo making 154 or smith keeping his word and walking if he doesn't.
smith won't walk, fights in texas so canelo could take whatever he wants to make 154
'currents' kinda day
i only know in the moment &amp; this sensation ain't rolling
oh ... i guess i needed you to praise the 1st amendment and freedom of speech. never done that before. nope. never ;-)
the 1st amendment also has the establishment clause which is the separation of church &amp; state clause.
dude what's that noise tho? your bike okay?
lol never watched it with sound. that's my u lock banging on handlebars
for those of you that thought that monster only had his claws in the south and middle america... on i-5 b/t sf &amp; la
did congress create the dust bowl???
i have to drink 2 beers because the place i'm at told me that they had a $25 minimum on cards after they have me my drink
$15 and gave ***
although one thing hasn't changed, still a cat but upside down
so that's what the monster from stranger things really was
"we deserve a president...who believes that each of us is part of the american story, and we're always stronger together." -
the deplorables arent buying your bullshit; never crooked hillary
yup. a top stylist gets 20k per day
wow i'm on the wrong business
yay! have fun!
how early should i get to the show tomorrow?
bring it to st. petersburg, fl. please!! i love
we love fl...so many steak-umm lovers, too little time! we hope to hit more locations on our next carnivore tour.
it was the bbq i tweeted about right?
city museum and photos of presentation slides. although yes also bbq!
yeah i just got my bonus check from work and was going to buy new shoes and now i cannot :(
aww dos you need the glasses?
my car will be turbo by next year, mark my words
have fun lol it's gonna be a bitch to put in
well yes, one shouldn't use an alias to explain something. just pointing out that aliasing it like that is very handy!
well put. besides, most of my aliases are horrifying.
fucking love him, guy takes a beating on every episode and don't care. also tickets to his show are free
b it's his show of course he's gonna be the hero. wouldn't go to wild n out if you paid me lmfao
you're a good guy. i'm a bit more cynical. if you're willing to lie to the very people you want support...
yeah he did lie or over promise, whole thing is a mess
lol, that's close enough to count! she owns it. glad you admit it.
now white natlist sycophants want to act like 8 yos
. is making an incredibly persuasive case for and by contrast against
those two absolutely hate each other and everyone know that.
there's a productive debate to be had about whether nsa's iad mission can coexist in the agency as a sigint mission. i think: no.
imo not only "no" but you probably need a complete separate reporting structure for resolving contention between em
interesting how high power low toughness creatures are better because of vehicles.
yeah! also depala turns him into a 4/2 with 2 upsides for 2 that you can dig for
you're eating cake with frosting on it?!
no, cake is eating me!
trump voters don't listen to "the media." christ, we're part of his act. at speeches he points at us for boo lines.
going to say this until i'm blue (pun)in the face: media is in a constant interview to make trump network
thank you bruh, you a day 1 too, don't approve of the flag tho
it was only right, you're damn near asian
i was shook when the robot said it wanted to go to school n start a family
shit is crazy
time travel as a narrative device is exceptionally easy to fuck up.
or those other other times! (i think i've made my point, future prediction is a stupid plot device)
would you have gotten a different degree? or a totally different career path?
definitely an entirely new one
nigga said you 2016 tommy strawn derrick. you goin let that ride out? on the timeline of all places?!
lmao ima pay kwesi attention cmon i'm dead too good for that
lol, that's close enough to count! she owns it. glad you admit it.
by lie-whining "she started it."
this is true of all our projects i'd say hahaha
lol except on sundays when i just drink on the lord's day
. announces - here are all the dates! -
ohhh, i love how you moved the wonderful milwaukee into michigan, ahh you have so much power now iliza !
wow, that's pathetic. sony has such a trash mentality, but it falls in line with everything they did in the past.
even further
if anything that's a turn off
right? lol and he asked for a hug i'm like no
tv plans for tonight:
i'll be there! when are they announcing a permanent weekday slot for your show joy?
must be a story about the separation?
forgot it in bag when she went back home. she's kept it nice and safe.
just 16 more lifehacks and you've got yourself an unironic listicle
number 14 will rock you to the very core of your being
yeah unfortunately i am a
naaaaaa i didn't think it would possible to think you were any cuter
i can't believe you equated home security to homeland security. ever needed a visa to visit a friend?
homeland security is even worse cos its more border space. thats why its called "home" "land", double wahala. yes, it matters
that was decision of and state of ct and a good one! matters
why did the ncaa allow that but not in north carolina? it's confusing, just ?
could be, and i don't even know how is it physically possible.
michelle 2024!
does nobody cate that he's constantly &amp; shamelessly plugging his businesses while running for president? smh
smart people notice, so that means we all have to show up and
this is funny cause he's blocked all the media critics
i got blocked by a times reporter yesterday for criticism, no cursing, no name calling, just honesty. it's pathetic.
watch "he's a conman!" rep meeks and congressional black caucus slam donald trump for
now we can get back on the issues of how both hillary &amp; obama has destroy americans &amp; the usa! we can start with obamacare!
so, uh, any single corporate-employed people wanna get married so i can get on their insurance?
if i could do that for something like a half dozen people in my life, i totally would.
we should share some of our ! we've had many of those this summer. sudo rm meddy git clone meddy
yes!! write a medium post about it!!
happy friday all. here's a roll cloud in australia
***oooo, pretty! have a splendid weekend, tim! and tucker..of course***
see, korvac is a character i know only from avengers: earth's mightiest heroes.
he's a being of pure power cosmic from the far future where humanity is enslaved by alien lizards known as the badoon
the moderate ones are irrelivent. islam is dying off in the east but has become the next big crazy craze in the west.
these are longtime muslims, even different factions. sihk temple around the corner, islamic center, where i learned, isis 0
.: lied about obama with "fake conspiracy theories" | getty
and she lied about her being an american indian
my cousin is a twitter legend.
who is the dude that blocked him and what did he do?
little miss flint met both trump and obama this year.
poor kid looks terrified with trump.
people with shared social media accounts shouldn't be aloud to be in relationships
like the bella twins? haha
why travel for work when you could be at union jack rn
if only. daniel is. i'm enjoying the beautiful city of san fran
i share this not cos i all think you should join eharmony but cos it features my brill pal 's song
i hope there are some lyrics about all encompassing vagina's. e harmony could use some publicity of that variety!
besides , who are the other boys?
they are , , and i don't think tyler has a twitter
"michelle obama gave her a template on how to campaign" pay attention to that statement hillary, please!
you must, must go back to dem convention hillary. be positive, focus on policy, detail your favorite policy
!, sorry, late start. breakfast nausea.
, i guess ! before @ disables that @.
okay depala is kind of amazing
girls. in. cars.
new day, same lie in a different suit.
the only thing positive about trump is he wears nice suits. that's it
let's trade i wanna be in sf
you can come any time
in time, you'll heal from all this blartache
time heals mall wounds
whaaaaat they kiss??!
girl i wish it's just a great edit tyrrell kisses some guy and he just stands very close to the elliott
kathrine heigle is doing kitty litter ads? daaaaannnnggggg. that almost makes me sad.
they are linked with her charity that she is head of that helps animals. that's why she is doing them.
whatshepard, racist to tell thetruth obama is an alien!
you must have dead mosquito brain alleging we r racists
a big congratulations on the clinch! grab this on sale now!
love the style. love the message. love the shirt. i gotta wear this nj as a promo for
ah, cmon. you are like the most competent person to contribute to go
hi, i'm francesc and i support this message
happy friday! when sending through gmail servers your emails will be sent from the primary email address.
dang it, that's a deal breaker for us. can you recommend a product that doesn't have this limitation?
okay maybe one
::prepares for flood of references:: naw i'll stop. i'll make a covenant to guarantee it. ...jus playin' that was the last one.
we're doing this at the tp concert
fuck you mean cuz i'm be dancing my life way the whole time.
he's a being of pure power cosmic from the far future where humanity is enslaved by alien lizards known as the badoon
he and the badoon are the archenemies of the original guardians of the galaxy
i love this
thanks beautiful
this time let's ask, "how old you were when you read gone with the wind?"
i'm ashamed to admit i've never read it. i haven't seen the movie either. crazy, i know.
next under the schumer grievance bus?
yet earlier this year, she had a meltdown when a mag put her on cover of plus-size issue. insisted she's size 8
. is always clutch! can't wait to talk about this &amp; more during our workshop!
. ditto on you. love your posts. hope it is a great meeting!
although one thing hasn't changed, still a cat but upside down
what is this from again, i remember it but i cannot remember its origin
in eed pics first and i'll pay you
ok so she said no pics but this was on her tumblr
gotta drive fast! gotta drive trains, too!
right? is definitely my jam. choo choo
happy birthday mir mir i miss u and your dad ways, &amp; i hope u have a great day iluvu
aw thank you britty i love and miss you so much!!!
"$6 for homecoming?" "just to get sweaty and humped"
speaking words of wisdom
by the way, here's trump campaign ceo steve bannon's home office breitbart, with their response to
no dog whistling here but a gigantic fire siren
i hate that always only plays the first verse of "knuck if you buck"
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
you bought the dvds? that's true dedication! do you have a favorite character?
hmm that's tricky. i love cas and crowley is badass but to be honest, my favorite is dean
whoever it ends up being, i trust that you will all do great things for the liu family
thank you! no going back to letting bully liu communities
take it from someone who lives in the white house - trump isn't ready to be president. period.
trump is ahead in the polls i can't wait make america great again baby!!!!
lol the real question is did u add "write a non-ironic lifehack" to ur todo list
oh yeah i totally did
she just downloaded it. but she will convert
i'll have a full review prepped for monday
happy birthday mir i miss u so much i hope u have an amazing day!
thanks ash i miss you too! love ya
the manning report did their homework watch how they expose hillary re: birther issue. via
she was desperate n had 2bring it back up buttrump won't let her refocus what's important.
which part of the video is untrue and disproven?
all of it is disproven. it was floated many times and proven to be false.
"ah and if possible, it just got louder!"
he says, "wow."
we're doing this at the tp concert
especially when holding onto u comes on
she's actually tabling for a bigger press than mine, so i think legally she's allowed to bully me if she wants.
david and goliath that coffee, i believe in you. (don't listen to me i am over caffeinated)
we tried an overlay shot with our lunch at terra cafe. it's not easy
all you needed was an extra light source angled from bottom left towards top right...
what's your hottest harry potter hot take?
irl harry would have slept with ginny but ghosted on her because he was hung up on hermione but never told her and resents women
take it from someone who lives in the white house - trump isn't ready to be president. period.
obama and hillary can go fuck off together
on my way to san jose to sing with
omg yes. you made my day already
with ketchup not catsup.
hey catsup is pretty good. lol
the moderate ones are irrelivent. islam is dying off in the east but has become the next big crazy craze in the west.
the ones here came to this country for our religious freedom, hate isis.
especially when holding onto u comes on
and guns for hands
listen to chambray'er rabbit by big lettuce on
"in '07 knew a dude who had proxies in japan/ &amp; you could get some bathing apes if you put oxys in his hand"
any relation to the alien rhinos known as the judoon?
nah, they're way more evil, they eat-up whole planets resources with their war factories
the super trump billboard in times square does not disappoint.
does this count as a pilgrimage, ?
umm what might that be? i love me some footlocker and
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
soccer player and he blocked him because he basically said that he sucks lmao
lol! sports players can be so soft, but it's easy to start thinking negatively by going to social media. solution? stay off it
dm me the access code
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
so u have no issue with clinton foundation? accepting foreign donations? pay for play? lies about email? smashing cell phones?
let's just say that any rational person can tell a c-minus from a pure zero f. unless they decide not to on purpose.
what's the code?
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
to reiterate: nothing will change until tv cameras stop covering trump blindly and take a stand in solidarity...
tv cameras have to obey their bosses.crazies had decided long time back,let us have a crazy in wh
oh i've got that. totally forgot i did. haven't had a reason to use it between games yet! i like the idea.
well, you could (presumably) use it for groups in wow, too. instead of, you know, mumble
yeah but he has magic mutant powers, else he'd burst into flames from friction or his flesh would tear off his bones.
you're right, his friends have been shredded and barbecued like pulled pork. d: tragic!
happy birthday my pretty bff love you so much hope you have the best day
love you forever bff thank you
so why is it his obligation to enthusiastically support her?
that's how politics are done. it's called supporting your party's nominee. bernie isn't an actual democrat tho.
!, sorry, late start. breakfast nausea.
, feeling better now.
rendering error or malfunctioning invisibility cloak? you decide...
i don't know what you did, but playing that video made all of the lights in my house dim!
i'm the number i need that invite! they go right with my draymond jersey!
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
nintendo fully founded the ps1 right before e3 sony got greedy and wanted a bigger percentage
history lesson
i need that invite please!!! huge steph fan, and curry kicks fan!
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
update: i've pivoted to / blasting 's only god knows why
if you do what you love, you will never work one single day.
"on november 8, you will decide whether we have a president who believes in science and will fight climate change-or not." -
climate change is not science. it's political correctness. when i was in school it was ice age because of smog
the block was hot! honest hearts//rich minds @ under the bay bridge
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
i think most writers are daemons.
was thinking that as well. also thought perhaps c. darwin was as well (re listening to adow)
happy friday! when sending through gmail servers your emails will be sent from the primary email address.
or actually, to clarify, does that mean the "default?" i'm not clear what primary means. gmail doesn't use the term in settings.
, what you having and when ?
i won't kno until after my party but im don't dress based on what im havin lol
don't send me a damn thing
you're getting these hero clixs one way or another
so he might be in a future guardians movie? (if he's already confirmed for guardians 2 i will feel very stupid)
maybe, the original guardians were genetically engineered freedom fighters of the distant future s there's not much overlap
shoutout to for such a dope day
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
that's great!! continue that journey..... it does get better!
well i'm in a much better place then i was last year and especially where i was when it started so i agree it does get better
not as it was the same question asked of both &amp; therefore wasn't racist.
you're clueless. no reason to ask obama that question since he was born in us. that is fact. why ask?
are you people out of your fucking minds?
eh, you know, like, what's the worst that could-omg the north american continent is sinking!
play now only. no online. no myleague
eh. don't really need to spend the $15 then.
just asked if he was going to now apologize to . he dodged my question twice.
sociopaths do not know how to apologize.
you should maybe have qualified it as "on my org-mode todo list" which just looks way more genuine.
i mean do i have to specify that it's air i'm breathing?
had a great time at the beer bash block party. thanks for a good time. x
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
damn. i only have an hour and a 130 appt. i hope i can get in and out in that time
they're running pretty behind here.
nice to have that option
what are your plans for today? what is the uk like? what is your most favorite thing to do on your down time?
the issue isn't just birtherism. it's trump's obsession with race-baiting conspiracies. lot of q's to be asked.
take him down! is too full of himself! he can't be our next president.
which part of the video is untrue and disproven?
it is literally a false videocnnabc nbc every major news outlet has proven hillary did not start birther movement
today. be here. continues.
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
yes! i just got it! deplorable and disgraceful to honor heroes! she is misguided!
"misguided" is being nice.
the zachbox party pack
anyway thanks to that tweet i finally bought zapato 1 and 2
like chris wallace, it's not my job to say someone's wrong, i just report what the people are saying
thankfully, coming out of the world's foremost millennial sponsored content website, i have no illusions of "truth squadding"
funny! need to be more mindful of these things!
yep! now i'm always double checking.
first lobster roll for the boys in portland,me. cc
decent seats....
nice! so when an imessage app updates, does it auto update by default?
yep - it should. but double check your settings to make sure the update goes through. enjoy!
got this from a party n this only thing i love since then
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
i think you should check kejriwalji's effort. you already decided that modiji doing nothing so why wasting time on asking
how many times you have seen me questioning his efforts ?
you must have dead mosquito brain alleging we r racists
repeat: obama is an alien!-muslim obama wasborn inkenya
roflmao. they do throw to out. idiot
at least they don't beat them up like trump people
i have lots to do today like a take a nap and a shower and probably another nap
i just took the sickest nap in the library between classes
throw shade bby
bby, i am kween of pettiness
it's not like the avengers &amp; x-men pal around with time travelers all the fucking time-
why, are there people from the past who now walk in the present, thus creating an insolvable paradox?
good weekend everyone -taking off early. surprise the family. stay safe.
cheers. thanks for a you do.
just discovered . will definitely be checking out their events once i move to the bay area
come through to our party tomorrow! nba 2k launch party ....
wow! you and 42 other apps have updates out
that's how we roll.
when was the last time cnn covered a full clinton event with multiple surrogate speakers? this is unreal.
they cant...cnn ratings already in the tank! djt played elite msm like stradivarius and its glorious!
happy birthday marianne!!! love you, see you tomorrow xoxo
thank you rachel!! love you, see you tomorrow after you guys win!!
had to rescue volleyball for some caged-in min sec prisoners or possibly school children. almost choked but got it. "thank you random man!"
random man, a superhero for our time.
broccoli and caretaker
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
we had a conversation yesterday what are you talking about
i don't think i was there for it tho
what's the verdict bc i don't know how to pronounce gnocchi
we ended up googling it and still couldn't come to a conclusion.
wander and lyzzie, i'd like you to meet guindolynne
sir, my name is xuandae. the x is silent.
got the best events if it anit them i don't fuck with it
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
put a pin in this for after you finish listening to the first lady.
the sleaziness is a well with no bottom
if you stats are correct on killing by illegals america would have zero. your status wrong
chance of being murdered by: legal/vetted: 1 in 3.9 million "illegal": 1 in 10.9 billion
"the most inert iphone we've ever made"
is that jet black?
well, these movies always like to mix &amp; match.
it's true, yondu is a future guardian but they got him on this team, though i hope they bring time travel in at some point
i just published "tip for iphone 7: music and charging via cables"
unless you've got some nice wired headphones you love, some bluetooth headphones may be cheaper/easier than dongles.
iamblankkanvas uas last night was lit...
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
this pink song just came on the radio and no bullshit this might be the worst thing i've ever heard
you're wrong. it's so much fun to sing.
we're working on getting audio of this, so it can be immediately played and studied in j-schools nationwide.
ask if he took tax deduct for reimbursing fdn of bondi contribution. he couldn't deduct if contrib directly
glowy weird things also girls
thought knot / panharmonicon / blink effects is going to be nasty af
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
looks rad! will have to check it out. :)
13-year-old tyree king shot dead by police in ohio
can't fix stupid
terrible jokes. ...and the horse you rode in on, josh.
no need to take such a spartan attitude preston. (ps there should be a warthog-esque ingame vehicle called marmot)
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
gee i wonder how long before he files for bankruptcy. will probably go the way of the plaza hotel in nyc.
i definitely will have to! my kind of music!
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
download the app imoji
listen to , he knows what he's talking about ;)
i'll be shooting all day :/ next time.
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
so they're the gempire
more or less, except they won basically, like in their time they've conquered every major space power including us
i just published "tip for iphone 7: music and charging via cables"
also bluetooth kits for cars aren't expensive now.
on national prisoners of war remembrance day, a pow shares what it means when trump insults veterans.
he insults the nation
remember that 'someone i used to know' song that was everywhere and now no one even thinks about it.
i still listen to it out loud when i'm alone
i don't want to talk about it.
don't you know this by now? it's who you "nose"...btw, nice hair joe!
me trying to pick which fre to eat next:
the longest one
it's sarcasm - but i do believe he would see himself that way. many of his supporters call him "god emperor."
i believe you are right. it frightens me to be honest.
first time training legs since may and fuck this
every time i start to do it i instantly regret it
"being pretty is expensive" -- my wife, ladies and gentleman:
the woman is right, george. beauty costs (money and your soul).
my spotify release radar playlist just went from phantogram to willie nelson i guess because it knows me
i also got willie on my release radar today and i was like f yeah
zuma: damaging talk hurts efforts to stave off junk status
- and irresponsible appointments!
my brother is in sea isle where a whale washed up on shore. very sad.
hi i'm from may we use this photo with credit on all media platforms? please let me know...thank you!
what's great about this is that jason literally yelled "say yes" at me until i relented
congrats on the sex
omg omg accidentally crashed a session and is on the panel.
love her work and energy! next time you are in the bay stop by the !!
shout out to for making it to major
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
he said come at like 5
oh damn lol fasho
for extremely low values of 2
actually 3 &lt; 1 + 2
assuming they can manage to not fuck it up.
well i mean it has to come up sooner or later with the time gem, though i believe dr. strange has that
can you imagine if hilary had something in print like this? how is it this douche gets such a wide berth?
"family values" and all
til: the spanish for "give birth" is "dar la luz", "to give light [to a baby]". i like that.
on grave markers it's a sun for the birth date and their religious symbol for the death.
iconic beauty michelle pfeiffer
***love your work so, salvatore &amp; i with such a weakness for beautiful b&amp;w..***
he didn't fix drake but that's because niggas ride drake ode
i'm saying if they fought he would fix drake
chelsea clinton skips daughter's first day of school to campaign for hillary
thats one ugly bitch and she doesn't even care about seeing her kid off to school mom makes her miss it to campaign for her
hillary's plan has been to make trump angry and have him lose it publicly. instead, it was her losing it for all to see. hilarious really.
very enjoyable for me. home sick and i am getting joy out of her freak-out
was already a fun enough thing with just eldrazi displacer, gets more disgusting though
oh gross i forgot that card was a thing
oh my word what a goal !!
bayern sign him up now
definitely by 5:30
ohhh ok thanks!
listening now, he said that hov took sparks songs, twisted it and dreaded him on it lol
from all the interviews i've been hearing in the last few years seems like mad bitch shot was happening with all of them
why is this academy guy famous now
the asked this cashier if he can get something for free bc he's "ig famous"
hahaha gotta love the update. so amusing
check it out, you won't regret it ;)
heeeere's simmons' new pic for season 4 baby! get ready for our premiere tues!
absolutely stunning as always
jimmy fallon was never anything more than a bro who figured out early he had to be funny if he wasn't going to be handsome tbqh
(those guys are never funny)
or you could just, ya know, take the 1, 2, 3, a, c or e trains.
how about unga traffic is all on the far east side and path busses r on the west?
new: commission on presidential debates formally invites trump and clinton to 1st debate; says johnson and stein do not meet criteria.
- perfect. let's not clutter up american with "wanna be's"
whoever it ends up being, i trust that you will all do great things for the liu family
always got your back, fam. you all deserve the best
i may be coming back with a big two book, and the clue word is 'cat.' :)
so, you're working on a project for marvel ?
watch: tried to put the birther controversy to rest.
bombshell: 'washington post' confirms hillary clinton started the birther movem
til: the spanish for "give birth" is "dar la luz", "to give light [to a baby]". i like that.
from our jewish tradition, a woman must light candles at rituals, because only she can give the light.
happy birthday have a wonderful one
thank you!
goddamn i can't wait for the liverpool epl champions parade
why aren't you and at ?
probably for a beer yeah
well you were already going.
maybe a change is in your future?
i've decided to go back to night school for post production editing
first lobster roll for the boys in portland,me. cc
please tell me you went connecticut style (hot butter, no mayo)???
i really love natalie's idea about finding birth parents please put back on my tv
id want to pay for that more than
what percent of your day do you currently spend envisioning the horrors of a trump presidency? for me it's about 30%
panic cycle: dread news fatigue reminds self this will be over in 50 days remembers it actually might not be worse dread
disrespect? oh like bleach bit emails after subpeona, i get it! dont be an ignorant voter research ur candidate
i am not ignorant. i have done and am doing my research.
. on trump birther controversy: "out and out lie. and he continues to lie. he's lied and divided this country enough."
lied about mitt romney's taxes. he's still not sorry.
this is tight shit! slim nice as shit! i need more of this right here. hook a youngin up!
this the dude i be telling you about all the time
so they're the gempire + earth
now you're getting it, they make monsters
lies about donald trump debunked by .
i don't own a gun but i am for the second amendment alll the way.
- offers trump $10 million to charity of his choice if he'll sit down for 4-hour policy interview with him
no one wants to hear from cuban.
"on" you??? ewwwwww
you know that part of living in nyc means sometimes, like it or not, someone is going to shit on you.
networks refuse to air trump's hotel "press" tour after reporters barred via
media it's ok with lying to the public but not to the media!
did you know that microsoft office as well as installer (.msi) files are internally similar to fat. yes, the filesystem.
pdb files too
reminder: no video this week as i prepare for next week! here's what people made last year
have fun steve!!
"passenger" i guess they were too lazy to survive?
hmmm, , as a counterexample iggy hasn't yet gone extinct. /cc
find ottawa traffic frustrating? doug hempstead wants to know your pet peeve: follow live traffic updates dur...
drivers changing lanes to stop ahead of you in your lane. if you can manage space, you should not drive. stopping is failing.
interesting - i bet 1199 east beach isn't actually a street address, so it's going to the default location for sf (city hall)
nope! clearly they need some help from !
i'm a student at columbia university. how can we promote the sdgs on college campuses?how can we engage more youth?
- have a look at last news item for how students can get engaged.
linens? i can't think of any. furniture maybe, still it's a business and it has to be affordable too. but again
i have lines made in the usa &amp; they are just fine.
de joey bosa (hamstring) did not practice all week and has been ruled out by chargers.
i am almost done with him
happy to when was the face of for it's first five years.
nba 2k launch party hosted by toasted life....
hmm well. why do cute girls support trump?
because they think he's rich, gold diggers.
i got the stickers you sent me! thanks again. now i just have to find places to put them.
that's awesome! when you find spots for them, feel free to share some pictures here and on our facebook wall! :)
no it's not asshole
lol okay okay i'll give you this one
you can easily be the store manager.
hahaha i wish. booking tickets back now
$trin would luv to see a 1.60 close 4 confirmation monday/following day rally since it hit over 2.00+ today = rally
so, up monday (after lower open), reversal tuesday...
for him to be so extra
lmfaoo he's famous in saudi arabia
yeah idk expect an extremely last min text
we're ready when you are
every one of them &amp; this one is no different just hope meek come back at him
he gotta come w it though can't be no drake response
observation strictly based on the fact that kasich republican machine will not be activated for trump and in many ...
there is no machine. pple are not zombies, they have their own thoughts, they have families to feed.
check your facts.
lol. you fool no one except yourself
give jordan henderson the ballon d'or right now, you know in your heart of hearts he deserves it.
bro. please stop.
i threw the coffee in her face and all of the other presses cheered and lifted me on their shoulders.
now you are their leader. the king is dead, long live the king.
i dunno man, i'm sure he got paid a lot of money to go with it. it's not like he didn't know they were overselling it
yep now they don't know what's going on? if this was phil you would have so much outcry, now, not so much. stay classy yosp
obama enlists republican kasich to push for tpp trade deal
is this the guy that wanted to be the president of the deplorable? i guess we now know that he was a big fraud all along
sincere question: is the typeface supposed to do this for a reason i don't get? i continue to find it disturbing.
that's annoying.
fair enough but allegation that pts are not told what choosing hospice means = not cool
totally agree.
finally, and app for me, the guy who keeps gettin accused of rape
i just don't know why all these hot babes are accusing a handsome lad like me, of gents, of rape!! glad i got this app!!!!
rt this if you're going to 's tomorrow
looks like it's just the two of us pal
now, this is hopeful!
i think it's very exciting too! &amp; 's team drafting pilot study
thank god for that man. it was killing me watching
poor little kitten. miracle was not hit.
i'm such a good friend
add meeeee dude, i also want more steaks ;)))) : alyssa5474
times square wearing this beautiful velvet dress by imveestyle /
have you been to mood fabric store bella veronica
i didn't even bother making a pg man lol
play maker pg the only good option.
no, that's the second slipcover on the bottom of both. i haven't opened them to see the art yet
well, it's gorgeous. does every copy have the slipcover? sorry for the dumb questions. :-)
thx mate ,) may be worth to add making iptables rules persist after reboot?
ahh good point, will have to figure out how to do that on photon os, will update shortly.
i fucking heard a copyright free version of that goo goo dolls song when i was there. w t fuck.
was the halloween section good at least?
he's the greatest to ever stop foot on a pitch don't @ me
i feel like you fuckin' wit me but aiight
john. can we dm to have a proper discussion?
lol run off coward. what part of we are not going to respect islam don't you get?
ha ha.. you know the drill oh so well :)
"it's rigged" ooops that's someone else's line :)
just sue them
okayyyyy done
opening ceremonies at with and 's puns
lot of horsing around going on there.
fam, this is
nah. it makes me want to car dance. that makes it a banger.
i wish career mode on sports games let you make bad decisions, like drink lean all summer and be a 306 lb qb in august, for the raiders
"how many groupies will you bring back to your hotel?"
very true and amen
fantastic prayer! i thank god for you!
tag yourself; i'm the naughty asparagus
the corn has ears i can't even
btw, tafseer means commentary. look we aren't going reconcile here because this not a platform for discussion
we are not going to side with you. got it now?
you asked a question. and i answered it.
and i'm saying it's good that u made money
no need, already passing out as i type.
shh i just want an excuse to squish ya
what a strike
ynwa !!!! hope to see you on the week
he is not under any obligation to be enthusiastic for her.
no he's not. he can do whatever he wants. i couldn't care less tbh.
how donald trump played the press a dispatch from whatever this morning was. by me
donald trump has been playing the press since he started last has helped.
former mcclatchy dc bureau chief tweeting that sid blumenthal pushed birther lie to him in 2008. asking for comment
can you please look into mark penn, 2007 clinton chief strategist. get the memo he issued.
get your copy of our politico 50 issue out in print today. can't get your hands on it? see the digital edition here
you want me to "pay" for liberal propaganda? not feeling that!
"...coming back to right now, this very moment, brings a sense of peace that can be enjoyed for eternity"-
if i wanted to view this on my eo1 what's the intended user flow ?
same out here!
~i'd chose a diff description 4 that. besides, it can't b. this is utter perfection.
i swear i'll never have amazing abs :( the rest of my body can build everything else so easy. i'm a bit hurt
you're perfect to me
happy birthday to my birthday twin, hope your day is going good!!
happy birthday twin!!!! hope you have the best day ever
back to sb today until next time bay area
bitch i'm threw ):
productivity tip: use the block site extension to redirect you from time killing websites.
also create a work profile in chrome that only has productive extensions installed
holy moly, this is happening.
hrc needs to bring this election home. she has to shut him down during the debates trumps lies are getting out of control.
you're a fucking faggot
easy to say from in there
oh shit, i'm behind him too? that's what i get for trying to diet.
ha! i've been seriously cutting back, too, for weight. but i know a furry whose numbers blow ours away.
i'm being harassed endlessly on twitter by someone named john paul halder. he's a 52 year old adult man - not a kid.
- screw - call the local police and file a complaint - it's against the law to
i just don't wanna be there sober
i won't lmao so i know how you feel
hillary birther america's memory is so bad, they forget the 2007-08 clinton camp actually started
please send to jenna lee on fox
panic cycle: dread news fatigue reminds self this will be over in 50 days remembers it actually might not be worse dread
in the interest of honesty, each of those arrows actually represents a cigarette
remember when they said in the announcement ls that we can wear blue bandanas on spirit days
i am too and i remember that too alndkw
i low key should've
just drop something and be like oops
hillary's pneumonia: the media's lowest moment # va
let's give the media a bridge to jump from?
i still somehow ended up paying $143 for this phone despite the apple upgrade program (tax)
i ordered two of them from t-mobile for just the taxes. only have to pay one off. tmo is pure magic lol
if the shirt: it is the kids names, except will's name is upside down because he was in "the upside down".
great shirt
just sue them
nah i'm okay with having 2.. thank god i don't have clients 2day
and i am here for them. also, brb legally changing my name to 'chelle lovretta.
well played 'chelle. well played. point to you
we can discuss properly in dm. are you willing ?
look at all the people you are uniting against islam. my useful idiot!
why do so many data people say they "play with data"? do accountants say they "play with money" or brain surgeons "play with neurons"?
. data is a thing to be shaped, interpreted- i know potters who describe their profession as "playing with clay"
"on november 8, you will decide whether we have a president who believes in science and will fight climate change-or not." -
i guess in november we will know if we have a president that will enrich her comrades at our expense.
usc has a nice. freaking. campus.
better than stanford's campus?
not going to lie, i kinda want some airpods.
i plan to do the old school usb itunes backup and restore to save some download time.
the 20th and of course that's the only day i have off
wait where do you work ?
it's a real thing, right? i think people think i'm snarking because it's louisville but it is bad.
it's totally a bad sign.
nice bruv and shrooms .....
good day everyone
it's a real thing, right? i think people think i'm snarking because it's louisville but it is bad.
(the font, anyway.)
if you can't tell i'm playing i need you to delete your account smh
lmfao the hendo fanboys are out here going
that warrants yearnings for the good ol' genocide, vile hate speech, general dehumanizing? okay.
. i'm not jewish but i've thought long &amp; hard about it &amp; it's clear leftist progress policies are a good thing.
i feel like it'll be all freshman cause isn't it through asi this time ?
that's what i was thinking so ion think ima go
megyn needs to be fact checked. and yet she wonders why ppl don't trust
the reason not to trust kelly: she &amp; bret baier are $80000 hilary donors! ok?
ya tbh i feel like everyone is lying to him but maybe he really is just that mentally ill?! i guess i'll find out :')
i'm not gonna spoil anything but ahhh you're deff gonna find out
please remember to click to donate everyday for crash's landing in memory of diesel
i clicked &amp; shared. not sure how it's done but when i buy from amazon they contribute % to anjellicle.
my usual fucking dilemna : &gt; want to rp &gt; "hey this guy looks alright." &gt; "but what if i'm bothering him then." &gt; "i don't want to bother."
literallyme
dem lyrics tho
the lyrics are not good. but the music is just so dang catchy.
. standard fitted on f-35 knocks down target in first test
????? article title seems missile fired from f-35. think f-35 used sensors to guide a missile fired from ground.
9 year olds are ending their lives. we need to do something about mental health in this fucking country !!!!!!!!!!!
and just the general fucked up culture that allows these things to go on
. says trump took 34 seconds to try and dispel a conspiracy theory he's spent years building on.
but msm won't talk about re: . why, waters down the racist label.
i remember being so hungover in ny i paid $6 for a can of club orange. worth every cent.
money can't buy happiness
"your call is important to us." oh yeah? then answer the fucking phone.
haha cc "this call has never been recorded for quality purposes!!!!"
at the smash global anti bullying black tie charity mma event. a fantastic event to raise...
lk the lngr hr,ditch the buzzcut.u lk yngr w/lngr hr.always b a wmn rdy2run her fngrs thru it.we'll tk any rsn2gt r hnds on u
love lost in a hail of gunfire.
its wild to me that im friends with the guy who wrote that
yup, work tomo, so not too hot
gotcha working on a saturday
happy to have another curlin colt join the z team. stay tuned!!
nice nice creature his body look like curlin's going to ?
i remember being so hungover in ny i paid $6 for a can of club orange. worth every cent.
money can buy happiness
if he truly wants that tho.. sometimes there are reasons ... id hate to see him get hurt
i'm getting old myself i still want to know who my dad is
can i complain?????
idk i was arguing with the vice principal
like chris wallace, it's not my job to say someone's wrong, i just report what the people are saying
when was the last time you woke squadded?! i want an answer now!
happy birthday chanda!! oh my god i miss you like crazy:( u are seriously perfect @ everything! i love you so much
charly these pics thank you so much girl i love and miss you so much!!
we cannot stop. we cannot let registrations lapse. we cannot allow an anti-woman racist win
the problem is, he calls google and ipsos high quality and they regularly have 15 pointswings in a week,each week.
i heard same. it was before sir edmund hillary summited everest, but she says that she was named after him anyway.
i heard chelsea was going out for coffee when the plane hit the tower.
lots of people think breathing methane makes them type faster.
btw you ever mess with the habits feature? i got into it recently, trying out a different keyword set for 'em
nearly all binary searches and mergesorts are broken via
"it is hard to write even the smallest piece of code correctly ... we programmers need all the help we can get."
woman hacked to death when she turned down marriage proposal
i can't understand this at all. what causes this way of thinking ? sure let's open up our country ! sarcasm
chance of being murdered by: legal/vetted: 1 in 3.9 million "illegal": 1 in 10.9 billion
"no evidence illegals more likely to commit crimes than natives"-cis (anti-amnesty group)
oh, sure! that would be great! let me do a fact check, it could be that sma could not be used as frameworkassembly
great, let me know. i've been looking to build some dlls
ex fiancee, mother of 2 of my girls. lied so much i didn't know what was real at all after a while
i can relate. you try to act, then realize you chased a lie, and what was really going on was worse.
just like a best girl should be
i couldn't help but think of botan-chan
. says trump took 34 seconds to try and dispel a conspiracy theory he's spent years building on.
then there's /clinton/ all sharpton. will bias media speak of that?
i am bothered by even the formulation "billo just spurted out"
sorry.. really bad choice of words..
we have all spent the last decade perfecting this pout.
don't get me wrong, love you guys, but this photo is giving me a strong 80s depeche mode vibe
. is apparently astounded that voters had a choice in primary &amp; that voters who wanted her opponent still do.
"all is forgiven", apparently. pretty weak cheese, buried in a blog post.
i guess in november we will know if we have a president that will enrich her comrades at our expense.
they will extort our money in order to give it to iran to buy nuclear weapons from nk for the planet meltdown.
yup, work tomo, so not too hot
so beer free this evening
things are so crazy out there in the world.
i saw his band at the santa cruz boardwalk once right before they showed lost boys. it was wild
says being president does not make you who you are but exposes who you really are.
we can right through him but not the press!
i passed the exam!
yes!! welcome to the family!!
nah that's borin i'm tryna game up some candy or some shit u feel
i don't really eat candy so booty the obvious decision for me
mmm, can't stop won't stop! is that goat cheese?
goat cheese in the flesh !!!!
flacco over rivers?? lol.
looks like another case of someone diagnosing qb eliteness by their jewelry. rings don't make elite qbs.
because jews are over-represented in media and finance. they tend 2 use their privilege 2 push progressive leftist policies
. not jewish but have thought long &amp; hard about it &amp; it's clear leftist progressive policies are a good thing.
new flash .... we don't want power.. stop selling it to us like candy
what if they let viewers edit the show somehow? that's the only power feeders really want
also!!!! got some heat on deck!!! my man big lettuce is about to run for president!!!
lettuce/turnher 2020: rock the vote part2
*logs onto twitter* wait, why are people mad at the new york times arts section? ...oh, that's why.
apparently you aren't a diehard baseball fan. sorry, sarah.
the sound the keyboard makes with the new update is perfection but my phone is slow as hell now
mine was too. give it a couple days. it doesn't accept change was well as we do
anyway doe... who need the plug on 2k17 and 2k17 legends edition? tap in
hie how much ???
you didn't think this was the end of the story, did you?
someone wanna explain why ben has on blue leather
audience chants "4 more years." replies: "you have me &amp; barack working on your behalf for the rest of our lives."
oh god. scary.
fucking starving. hey earl, we got any hot fudge and peanut butter ripple back there?
dang, that would be so good right now.
this is literally the only pic i have but happy birthday beauty miss chem w you
aw thankyou bby ;))) i miss you as well
if someone shopped the story -- and no media outlet ran with it -- is that really "starting" it? not how i see it.
like trump raping a 13 girl. oh that's different that's a real court case not right wing rumor.
haha the pool party was way better when it was at the end of the year and d9 did it
they need to be hosting this one !
"i love the poorly educated!" -
corvette, look at the picture. katrina pierson?
happy birthday bday twin!!!
thanks lizzie happy birthday to you too
american horror story: coworking space
someone has to work with
nice place to lunch
that food looks amazing. what'd your partner order?
that's a different issue though. one can be a "realist" and not like putin. no love is lost between o and putin.
who cares who "likes" each other?
missing you &amp; scout tonight lovey. hope you are watching over us.
diesel is very busy being awesome &amp; sexy &amp; causing trouble at the rainbow bridge. and working for twcd!
if you're a player (or--oof--a fan), how do you even bother with the rest of the season? today's implicit statement: it's over
i dunno. there will be that 2-3 game "bump" for the new guy. that will be fun.
lmao. i legit only go put when i have to
smh me too, you gotta get paid to go outside.
replaced my airport express with a at home. little extreme to have a mesh network in an apartment but it's so much speedier.
really? even just one access point made a difference? i wasn't familiar with these guys before.
even though the debate commission denied the third-party candidates to debate with hillary and trump on the debate stage
they still could cause damage to hillary clinton and the election and people will be stupid enough to vote for them
i'm in miami but all i want is joe's and boxing club
just walked through union square at rush hour and reconsidered all the decisions i've made in my life that led me to there
wish i had someone in my life who loves arby's as much as i do..
are you paid by them to say these things?
earledreka white, assaulted by a houston cop after calling 911 on him, told that her "resisting arrest" charge was dismissed.
listen to my interview with earledreka white, shortly after video emerged showing her violent arrest.
i just really want someone else to know this song
i quote this almost every day
anyone have a recommendation for a christian church in the monterey area? looking to go to a sunday a.m. sermon...
let me get back to you.
if u do a class out there tho, lemme know! or maybe we can get some other kind of street footage out there
let's figure it out! maybe we can meet up for a workout and record some cool vids!
it's about our bodies, it's about our water it's about our food - it's about big business and the politicians they own
yea 95-3!words from bought pols mean little but your effort during these days of repeated disappointment 'noble and right.'
it's goin for $60 plus tax
for the legend one???
in that case, i want all those hours of my life dedicated to watching/writing about/researching baseball back, dammit.
you can now devote those hours to writing angry emails to the nyt art section editor.
best of luck big guy!
thanks man!
how is that possible. social security can onlybepaid ifyou have a number. if they are paying taxes then they are not undocumented
this might help -
icymi: you can watch my interview with on and his attempt to play voters once again
sorry you lost me as soon as i saw your face.
mother jones' kevin drum is grandpa simpson of the left confused why millennials hate clinton.
mr. "get off my lawn!" issued and "update":
...wow if this is really his response, i'm speechless.
as soon as i read his response i immediately cancelled my etsy order
stop the hate
wow you reply to a tweet but not a text smh
we've seen barry's birth certificate
and the racist shows his true colors, what do you do on weekends in the basket of deplorables?
lol.. he is a columnist and has to give opinions. he'll praise teams when they do the right thing.
his writing was good / now he's "a personality" i can't stand that - the teams are the story not how jed stiffed him on dinner
he ended up cheating who wants it
i do for sure!!! i'm sorry he cheated.
yay someone else i know got engaged i am so so happy for you what's this knife for? nothing i swear!!!!
don't do it honey.
if thats what you want .i hope you find him.
i hope so might need to learn spanish though lol that's all i know
who? i'm curious
pacerfox and ipequey. texas furs.
today, donald trump took 7 seconds to admit a conspiracy theory he nursed for 5 years was wrong.
it took trump five years to get to the bottom of it.
exposing you as the source of the birther rumors is not a disgrace
/ what calling you and your campaign team out ! regular people don't forget
jayus. how fresh is it.
reasonably so. i'm expecting flecks of gold for that price
wait is this actually real?
yep confirmed by colin powell
today's a good day for journalists to stop being patsys for that racist/wake up/he used u all/u look like fools
i'm beginning to think the ny post is not entirely forthcoming.
damn alex jones how do i get red like that in 45 days?
tanning bed
important text from my mother
is she bragging or she is a trump supporter (because those are opposite viewpoints)?
150m firearm owners in the us &amp; hrc wants to further restrict their right to bear arms. could be trouble for her...
mary is allergic to reason
no plans at this time. sorry.
is it due to being optimized for 360, technical problems with code, or no pc version to base the port off of?
a week ago on i successfully pushed giuliani to say that trump believes president obama is legitimate. today, trump admitted it.
did he, chris? did he really do that?
new improved buckeye stand b&amp;d made for games. lane &amp; neil
good with that - i used to sell my crafts at markets - it was a lot of fun but hard!
seems fitting to post this classic clip tonight. please enjoy.
whatta dope .
where's the female plice officer emoji ?
thanks for the emojis
in case you had any doubt as to what happened today.
. are random gorilla portraits a meme? i'm an old guy &amp; woefully out of touch with what the kids are doing these days.
bro, you got on the stand and said "we men, you can assume"
yeah buddy is outta here
you got make your own costume money?
you got regular costume money?
from what i gather sf is very pricey and many people in the area struggle to get by. unfortunate.
yes, it's a bubble out here for sure.
whaaaaaa i hit 1000 subs on youtube and that's nuts considering i put 0 effort into that channel @
fun to watch though : )
when you're in disneyland by yourself you go on winnie the pooh lol
id be chillin in new orleans square
my high school is holding a j.crew shopping party for alums + students so that should tell u everything u need to know about my high school
i have never seen anything more accurate
cnn's indomitable on trump birther comments: trying to undermine 1st black prez, had racist overtones.
"he's had a bad day." good! he deserves it!
replaced blown original speakers with new ones (yay!) but the old covers don't fit over them (boo!). even simple jobs can be hard to finish.
i'm still down to mill or print covers for you out of abs.
but honestly- the pokmon go plus might be the thing that gets me back into the game. love the idea of hatching eggs/catching/etc with it
i'm waiting on pokemon go for the apple watch.
im about to let a non-black woman do my hair for the first time in my life and i am a ball of nerves man. it just hit me
why? i need reasons! i did that once and my hair got burnt by the bleach...
lol, i love andy borowitz's sense of humor. via
worst has a stick up his ass thinking he's done a good job
i was ducking around in schoology and accudently subscribed to mr.pichas blog
he has a blog?
they still could cause damage to hillary clinton and the election and people will be stupid enough to vote for them
they do not realize voting for jill stein or gary johnson can give votes to donald trump i realize it and hope others will
": tonight: , , a performance by kiiara,and your funniest tweets.
in ct i see so many trump signs and very little crooked hilary signs. don't believe the polls,trump in a landslide
nah, i literally just use org-mode as a markup lang, i'm terribly disorganised. and crazy envious of anyone with org cred.
i mostly have org cred because i live that ~manager life~ now but still need something to bikeshed on so i just fuck with org mode
dude, that's insane to even think about
he came out in a reaper cloak, then revealed he was wearing a multi color dotted suit. it was insane hahaha
im about to let a non-black woman do my hair for the first time in my life and i am a ball of nerves man. it just hit me
i mean...i'm sure you'll be fine!
hopefully i am more memorable then bingo balls!
those bingo balls. how can i forget those?
we fully support ditching work for the races at
hopefully now they don't lose their money twice! at least i hoping:) you know miss work pay to give :(
i need an airbnb for cat lovers where people with cats stay in each others' homes so no one has to get cat-sitting.
. i house+cat-sit regularly in sf area via , friends, etc. stray cat meets stay cats
so far i have not been able to adjust to not swiping to unlock. i hate it.
i feel like unlock is weird and text threads looks sooo cluttered. it's annoying.
go to part you see rose key documents
can you just link me to the actual tweet? please? it's really important to me
why are people okay with addressing the actions colin kaepernick &amp; megan rapinoe, but not okay with addressing what led to said protests?
so proud of you for asking that intelligent question. unfortunately the answer is sad. no one cares and want us to be quiet.
heres to you jordan henderson we all love you more than you could know
lets throw up
if you just straight up order it, you only get the regular slipcovers, i preordered months ago
got it. i pre-ordered about a month ago but don't remember seeing anything like that. oh, well.
exactly like the bella twins
can we be the bella twins?
most backward pol analysis yet.its not that hillary is horrible &amp; only reaches out 2 repubs, it's the voters r horrible
don't worry; scruples to "forgive" sanders. gee, thanks.
:) glad to have been of some help ;)
it's about remaining "sane" for the next 7 weeks. this time everyone has made up their minds, so no point to convince others
i mostly have org cred because i live that ~manager life~ now but still need something to bikeshed on so i just fuck with org mode
ugh not bikeshed, yak shave. look what i have become
we would if we were back home! sending tons of love xoxoxo
hope you're having a wonderful time--i know you're eating well
figured out how to fix a super annoying thing in 10 !
now fix the bad gps signal and the clunky notifications
i can imagine, yeah.
i wanna write but i cant cause i'll waste other's time
hey how many of these teva/ugg sandal snow boots should i put us down for?
hmm. two pair each? i think it's gonna be a snowy yet super chill winter.
phone is sadly slowly dying. i can feel the birth of a new phone coming on very soon. hang in there 5s!
just in time for iphone7?
lies about donald trump debunked by .
he does such a good job of clearing the snow job. will bookmark, this is long but workth watching
i call italy and england my home countries but i was born in new jersey.
then new jersey is your home state and america is your home country. can't be both.
my hands smell like maple syrup. this has been the best part of my day.
wipe me down.
will she insist on sitting at the debates?
doesn't have the courage to show up? coward!
awwww shit i forgot!!! when i get free later i gotta download it
it takes a while. i'm still waiting
definitely the best hq picture yet! on my way to the airport... see everyone soon
hey jeremy hit me up and let's catch up when you are here i'll be here till thursday
irish rose "guards" the thoughtful donation given in memory of mr diesel, great kitty friend to us. &lt;3
mr. diesel was the most awesome cat. he trained da help very well.
that's 100% pure raw dick
have i seen him in a porn before? he looks familiar.
i wanna jump off a fucking building
not on my watch
the present is a nightmare from which we are trying to awake.
. every once in a while history comes up with something completely original.
women used to run ptas, church groups, garden clubs, socials, etc - but don't have time when they work to do as much
makes sense. our pta and soccer clubs have retired firefighters and cops, who are very active at local community level.
hi! did you receive our campaign email yesterday? please check and let me know. thanks!
omg i'm out of town and not checking as often as usual- will look now!!
fact. tayto sandwich on the cards or would that kill your rent budget?
with irish butter? i'd have to sell a vital organ to afford that luxury
"points and big plays are gonna be hard to come by, ok?" the over has already cashed. nothing but big plays so far.
i didn't catch the score. 13- 7 final ?
brandan is a good dude.
i was referring to scott,but brandan is cool too!
those cant buy you things on ya bday
don't matter
plus is live on amazon but only from 3rd party sellers at 3x the original cost.
got mine at the nintendo store
also technically i started in february but then was made staff w couple months later but hey
dont nitpick sweetie
mot intl is larger case of moore gallery, of culver city, to close by
mot international is/was:
i really like the feeling of being tipsy &amp; thats why i never drink because alcoholism runs in my family(never knew that side of the fam tho)
at least i am aware
i mean, the experience is already shitty. they should capitalise on that.
no, that's bs. messaging + automation will solve all this shit soon. 3-5 years world looks very different.
let me know how you dig it!
one episode in and i'm loving it!!
he should know not to let that happen. doesn't he know the flag code?
and now he is required to retire those flags in the proper fashion: burning.
it was pukka bruv
nice enjoy cd was mailed today
anyone know a good place to go to in san jose to get my eyebrows threaded?
a1 beauty parlor on aborn
yawn, trumpkins attacking hillary for starting so what? who cares
it is just one of his lies.
rt to spread awareness -my thoughts on overtraining (hint: most aren't) discuss
wait so is over training a bad thing?
already scheduled at 4 (: im thinking of doing something different
hmmmm.... die it half yellow half blue
absolutely love
ty! i miss you! hope you're doing well
after trump non-ambiguously says obama born in usa, press essentially vows to chase trump to gates of hell over birther issue.
as well we should, . he didn't apologize, he lied in blaming it on clinton, and he should answer for that.
i was thinking more x-files revival so i didn't have to do shoulder pads but ok
nah man i'm talking about the crazy blue and pink rain jacket lmao
it was pukka bruv
said about 10 days
i heard physical is a much bigger update too. so i'm gonna just go digital
oh interesting we'll hopefully we can play soon
when lil 10th graders find u more attractive then any of the people in ur grade +
they're one grade younger don't get too excited
yesss !!!!! definitely a smoothie ;)
this is one of my fave pix.
these are dreads for whyte pe0p0l? allegedly
yoooo some girl on my campus has these!!!
fans are mock furious announcing their end of fandom over his most un-asian of thing. no pho and no tea. no tea!?!
he does eat soup doc says. will post in a second
there's a box they sell separately that plugs into the charger port and from there you can plug in headphones!
yea i know.. so extra though. i'm contemplating getting a new 6s or jumping to the 7 bc my screen cracked. i'm scared tho
what's really galling is that today, once again, donald trump used a racist conspiracy theory to boost his political and personal fortunes.
but he failed! just like he will fail to become president.
furman also talks about algorithms as a form of hard-to-detect price fixing.
these will be reviewed before seizure &amp; "free" will be everything.
donald trump admits the president is an american
. is that a vampire next to him?
usss nj6tsunjij i love this, if the person has a shop online pls let me know
she said her daki store will open in october with 5 new designs
"let the 13 stars in a circle stand as a new constellation in the heavens." - george washington
ru kidding about colin you have no idea what it's like being on the other side!come talk to me...
happy birthday to my brotha, we gonna do what we do tonight
thanks brother and i'm already knowing
those pesky american labor rules prevent midnight construction projects.
looks like burying christian crosses to me
fab folks to follow
thanks, theresa. have a great weekend ;-)
what game did jimmy play with carol burnett this week?
whisper challenge
i dunno why they're rebooting but i do hope it's a billion x better than the first one.
and even then 6/10
must be disappointed by 's policy says to syrian refugee delegation at . what should us policy look like?
must be disappointed by 's policy says to syrian refugees. what should us policy look like?
. this really could've been better with a last supper set-up...
thought of that but didn't want to flatter him too much.
until when are you in sf??
until monday! enjoying while i can lol
quick! put it in your bag and run!
you wouldn't believe the things i'd bring home when i had a truck. "why is there a stop sign in the backyard." "i dunno."
hitting the k tomo gregg
nice double up makeup for missing
mum's first visit to the un headquarters - and she has lunch with the president of the general...
i'm a one young world ambassador and speaking at the un today for peace day. would be great to say hi!
"barack and i will work on your behalf for the rest of our lives," flotus says to shouts of "four more years"
i guess instead of million dollar speeches they will settle for a quarter of million.
ki know im leaving for sustain release tomorrow....but will someone come to w me tn for and
ty everyone who supported team do too much
a bracket would be more what i need, just a flat plate.
oh, ok, so just something to give the cover a registration surface? pretty easy, measurement and cad will be hard part :)
a white man concluding that a black man is legitimate is the textbook definition of racism and white supremacy
where was his black pastors to advise: "um donald this might not be the wisest move..." oy!
you've got until 2:30pm pdt to reply, which will enter you to win a copy of . we'll select 1 random winner shortly after close.
seth the spiderbot in case any of the enemies have arachnophobia.
ah, yes, another one from the
donald trump is the best at corruption (see trump univ, fl and tx ags, )
here's wh economist jason furman on facebook, paypal, and ebay as examples of platforms with market power.
the market?
i stand by all my failures they were just as important as my successes in getting me to where i am today
is this donald trump
i might end up going but i will let you know
it's okay
why would anyone invite a racist to their show?
that;s the question we're all asking rn. it's gross af and makes me want to never watch him again.
sorry, forgot the tag
haha, i'm just fired up right now. miss u
yeah they gave me a table liek 3 days ago lol i'm kind of in the middle against the wall..
lmao same same. ok i'm like far corner on the window wall i'll come over say hi in a bit
ready for a new video?! check out "betrayed by the game" on our youtube channel:
jonny craig, kurt travis eras..the end.
that was quick
the truth is the truth, what white prez did you doubt his citizenship. about the basket of deplorables...
hitting the k tomo gregg
this evening cushty
i thought you said today was a bad day for him.
it was a bad day for him &amp; i'm glad!
for some reason they're angry that trump believes obama was born in america.
media is so hysterical that people can't believe this is who we rely on for information.
the difference is wouldn't do this.
no way, hell would freeze over for him to do it. darkside took shots, phil said nothing
heading back home to cleveland for the weekend, any good high school football games tonight?
you need to head to norman. give them boys a talking too get us ready for tomorrow's kick.
what game did jimmy play with carol burnett this week?
whisper challenge
, feeling better now.
i didn't really sleep well last night.
marc jacobs has been added to the never ending list of ignorant trash
what a fucking idiot
it's about remaining "sane" for the next 7 weeks. this time everyone has made up their minds, so no point to convince others
i'll bring back again &amp; again how donald is embellishing his "brand". classic marketing! emotions are like free advertising
but that means he bought one of the jerseys. a little confusing; better to just ignore, no?
maybe he had the jersey &amp; decided to put it to good use.
peeps get all worked up when they see a flock of these.
goddess' sister is raising three
this undoubtedly will be our last headlining tour for pale horses. so if you like those songs, among others, you are in luck. what's next?
me, at work cause i just saw the words "undoubtedly...last...tour" in your tweet
what game did jimmy play with carol burnett this week?
the whisper challenge
hey mathews remember when hillary queen of said obama was born in indonesia
you can't make this up !
not heard of them. what's their unique beer counts like?
those fookers haven't come to fc in years. you gotta find them at tff and mff. yeah, they're hovering around 5k.
awesome. i rather enjoyed the menu music.
not kidding abt 's unstoppability. he skyped me late last night to approve his posting for you
i really just pampered myself. i did my hair nails and eyebrows all by myself my mom would be proud
the finished product
been wearing my new for about 8 hours. the verdict: the most comfortable shoes i've ever had. my feet are happy right now.
seen a lot of tweets about these, but can i still buy them if i'm not a vc? ;)
that was me yesterday. 9a-4p lol
brutal! lol
watching the game with rep
our parisian branch grows daily
i'm all about threaded email, but this is really clunky.
terrible (it's also crashed my e-mail a few times). i'm pretty close to just choosing the unthreaded option, tbh
henderson scored?! we must be absolutely terrible.
yeezus christ couldn't have stopped that.
happy birthday ! from being scrubs in the dorms to now being adults, i wish you nothin but the best
we were forrrrrreal scrubs! we still need a better pic thank you! if you're not doing anything come out tonight! temple sf!
started by fringe supporter of hrc in 08. (not hrc) championed since by .
in 2015 did this excellent rundown of birther origins. no hillary '08 campaign role.
ur jaw gonna drop when u hear his one ( pause ) ... this shit is nuts
i heard the interview in sure a lot was true but i'm also sure a lot was his view on things
snapchat story of the year
had to get that work done in the library because i knew i wouldn't be back lol
want to keep embarrassing yourself?
are you as much a coward as trump?
only you would manage to capture a view like this at a bent angle enit
rose gold surface slipperier then you think
the print edition is out on newsstands today in d.c. read the digital copy here:
meh..predictable content &lt;yawn&gt;
oh yeah i'm sure that will convince them lol
that's why i suggested it
every american has a home country that is not the usa unless you are an american indian!!! silly!
if you were born in america, america is your home. if you have a kinship with another, it is your 'second home'.
yeezus christ couldn't have stopped that.
letting lovren score is another story...
francesa wants mlb to adopt a 3-ball, 2-strike system. john in "cardwell" wants to add an invisible man on 1st base.
i've only heard claude raines play first base, never seen. casper the friendly ghost said he was a vacuum. a la the mex
u out of all people?
lol you know i'm playinnnnnn
malaysian club lighting for harambe
one of the best snaps i have ever seen tbh
here's wh economist jason furman on facebook, paypal, and ebay as examples of platforms with market power.
we found the "market" "here boy"
yes! i didn't like the idea that i don't know what i like or is good for my body. like somehow i would be cured of weakness.
i've trained before for triathlon, mtb &amp; cyclocross racing so i know what it's about. i just don't feel like it now.
did anyone else who updated their iphone realize that the gun emoji is now a squirt gun emoji?
wtf is this
put on more new artist! you guys just dawg the same ones. complex gotta realize they have the loudest voice.
do like a new artist series. and start with
i did not say you were ignorant. i said dont b an ignorant voter, research her u will see she is bad for us!
yes. i have been researching both candidates. i believe we should know as much as possible about each.
most humans don't understand, oh well. how is your human dad doing? is he home?
home and getting stronger. thanks
bra it's hella hard lol couldn't even get around college niggas
lmao iso simply dont work anymore
yeah, hillary clinton has told some whoppers over the years, proven, baldface lies.
omg you took something you thought was about trump and said "nuh-uh, hillary." so clever! so willingly misled!
bro!!!!! our inauguration party gonna be catered by peck's &amp; matty lol we gonna sprinkle style and sauce on the white house
so much seasoning they wont be able to call it the white house
this is quite possibly the most horrifying meme that i have ever seen posted on social media...
i guess instead of million dollar speeches they will settle for a quarter of million.
with the so called free tuition for the gullible's consumption, it is all good. only trump can stop their bullshit
lol tango man
cherry flavor
use your @ button
lmfao niggas don't want my @ button to work slime. lol.
rich, they know about the penn memo. this new one is huge. newspaperman. huge development.
then why are they proclaim themselves as the party of tolerance?
somebody come to my house and fight me or date me. couldn't give a toss which at this stage.
careful what you wish for
awww dats okay. we'll get through dis.
we will, we are too cool for where we are right now.
the question is one strap or two?
this isn't '92. two straps, no question
no government, no electricity, no trash collection. the architecture just built haphazard.
this sounds like someone was playing sim city 2000 but was totally fucking around
it is amazing to see some of our first guests in the lobby of ! so proud of our great team!
she is on twitter insanity she don't know what to do
that's how he ended it!
you're giving credit to him for ending what he started? seriously?
lol someone buy my chance ticket. i really don't wanna go anymore
where when how much
i'm having a really shitty day then i read this... and it's a little less shitty
wait why does my name have no emoji? i have a tongue by yours smh
but the pic quality &amp; batt life dude... just get the 7. not to mention all phones will be losing the headphone jack soon.
sold on the battery life
dear ionian paper, i can't do your crossword because the boxes don't match the clues.
thank you for bringing this to our attention; we will let them know for the next edition.
let's bury these liberal propagandist goebbels media asses.
washington post removes any doubt anti-obama birther movement started in 2007 &amp; 2008 by hc, her campaign, suprt
but you should know better by now.
yep, that's why i blocked off two hours on my calendar
bus driver was telling us an inspirational story about his pet named ron that he found on the side of the highway, and i assumed ron was....
a dog that got hit by a car and he rescued him. nope, turns out ron was/is a deer that the bus driver still has as a pet.
could you be more moronic. its his heritage you jerk not his birthplace! anyone with half a brain understood!! evil bigot!
stop with the name calling. it degrades the conversation.
it's on the hill for the series opener vs. rockies today! first pitch at 5:40pm pt. full lineup:
look who is back on top... alum good luck!
i can send you a 'care package'....might land a little stale though.....
mam and nan are over in a month and my brother is coming in 2wks; bread, newspapers and winter boots all on route
awhhh guys 5 years ago i created my youtube channel so i could sell off a guitar pedal
lol throwback
and then continued to harp on it for years. of course was born in the us.
well trump is a bit of a harpy.
im pretty sure trump will be president. for the first time in my life i hope im wrong. lol
i hope you're wrong.
people who put 'all opinions my own' in their twitter bio: is this a mandate from your company? if not, what prompts you to put it there?
differentiating between "this is coming from the company" and "this is coming from me". i'm often mistaken as marketing.
good work, my brother! keep it up!
thanks connor!
, feeling better now.
but it *is* friday, so let's celebrate!
yea every other saturday
have to do what you have to
half of america reads this and points to trump. other half points to hillary. that alone is an issue.
half being honest with themselves. other half choosing to believe nonsense.
everything on teepublic is on sale for the next 9 hours! go buy some crap!
cool! i've had my eye on this one.
so, donald trump, now that you're looking to give $5 million to charity, here are some recommendations from me
it'll go to his fave charity, "the trump foundation."
we live in times when those who were supposed to be 4th pillars of democracy are the ones weakening it.
there are creative ways to oppose him and voice your anger. resorting to this hashtag shows clear lack of sense and class in u.
the mute function on twitter is such an amazing way of dealing with stupid people. :d
then they claim your violating their free speech, because thats how free speech works.
if u could only listen to one song, what would it be?
has to be something from the 80s of course - childhood memories! on a whim, it would be
today, we learn!
were you at google today?
fantastic session thank you all!
thanks for inviting us to have this important conversation!
this is amazing: literally nobody can find the shuffle button in ios 10's music app
you just scroll up right? i mean, there's no affordance telling you it's there which is lazy and stupid
people stay talking about la traffic. but nyc traffic is next level shitty
you can walk faster in nyc than you can drive
christian comes home tonight
nothing better than realizing that i've seen christian for 4 weekends in a row
so i argued w/ and to allow everyone in, and advocated for pool. now pool censoring news. just wow. msm melting
your "melting" is our "finally growing a spine &amp; doing their job".
15 second food review: cheetos chicken fries.
clem do you follow ? good follow to keep you in the know when it comes to new snacks
the way kean u misuses taxpayers money, someone needs to b n jail 4 what goes on there
paddy wagon overdue. time to make another soprano state-trailer w new faces
i don't really eat candy so booty the obvious decision for me
candy is my shit i'd take candy over some random booty every day of the week
citi bikes are where it's at
def not riding a bike from 14th to 81st street lol
have you asked hillary to apologize?
after apologizes i personally would spit at him, never apologize thats why im not running for president.
1 week until
i'll be wearing sparkles &amp; high heels . hopefully will not attract lightning!
thursday's most read : what if sprawl is the only solution to affordable cities?
intriguing the different places different outlets go with this.. up, out, only..
new digital ad casts donald trump as racist
the only ammunition left for the democrats. the pimping of those in misery strokes the gullible into a orgasm. sad
because all african americans has ancestors from africa dumb ass bitch
your name calling degrades the conversation.
i'm getting back tonight! so maybe i see you this weekend???
yeah for sure!! i'll text you
anyone have a recommendation for a christian church in the monterey area? looking to go to a sunday a.m. sermon...
shoreline community church in monterey. a buddy said it was good. let me know what you think if you go.
after watching i'm convinced now more than ever, you must get back to demconvention hillary
you must be positive, paint america as great while outlining your most treasured policy..contrast you vs him
the new excuse for trump's tax returns
trump's kids are always looking for an excuse to touch melania.she was used to this touches,when she was escort.
carrot cake is amazing ...don't argue with that fact
it is in. credible.
who would you bring on at half-time?
4-4-2 and bring on mr. !
any failures in nms is a direct reflection of sony
when they say they are treating it like a 1st party title and it's not an indie, to after the fact they switch up
but you have finely tuned ears and you're a musician :)
lol. nah. i'm not even listening to music. spoken podcasts.
my homie might know where you can get custom designed ones too if you're curious.
oh i design with neon all the time at work! i'm just not made of money :(
bad: i really want to try a sushi burrito...
i guarantee you there's some kind of food truck around you that will sell you twelve, if oregon is oregon at all. :3
your campaign team tried race-baiting and it didn't work. its well reported:
does anyone doubt clinton would have displayed sanders' scruple if he had an email scandal?
thank you! he's natalia's first :)
i see that kai is doing alright. how's mama??
sitting on a corner in mountain view watching tech workers go by. reaction: 50% these are my people, 50% maybe time to move back to florida
can't wait to get out of this lunatic state
schoolyard scuffle: reid fat-shames trump; donald punches back
were getting rid of a malnourished presidentweakling.finally we will have a president who has a strong presence &amp; looks like a man.
it'll be multi-causal. we can all assign the weight that we want.
gotta disagree. generic democrat "x" would be walking over that loon right now. people hate hillary tho
press release: fraternal order of police endorses trump!!!
shame on them.
watching the intern on e4 isn't the same without and of corse, me lucky charms.
how weird was it that it played second fiddle to the martian?
you mean grown white men with real guns dressed in white supremacist clothing chanting "white power," right?
ugh don't even respond to shitbags like that, dont even give them the power... dude trying to "educate" blm fuck that shit
ive never hated anything more than people who mix nike and adidas, besides superstars and af1's theyre both ugly and overrated
u ain't buyin the right af1's if u think they're ugly
the parking is atrocious, i usually give up after circling a few times
even during the week or on the weekend? it definitely looks pretty limited.
pk is my hometown, come play in my basement.
yessss ill travel two hours just to see this.
i would just like everyone to know that i am eating pizza and drinking diet coke for breakfast and i'm probably going to die
ohmygosh you're my hero! pizza &gt; all other food
keep up the good work in he must have ohio to win the presidency! keep fired up! register to vote
new analysis washington post removes any doubt that the anti-obama birther movement was started in 2007 2008 by hc,camp. sup
you have some serious talent man
appreciate u saying so my mans
lol! yeah same here!! i carry my charger everywhere with me &amp; i don't want to do that anymore.
i have three chargers. one for work, home and car. lol
so the hillary crowd chants for 4 more years of obama. best election ever
meh &lt;yawn&gt; they are completly nuts. blind deff and dumb. dont get it-never will i guess. we are doomed
after watching i'm convinced now more than ever, you must get back to demconvention hillary
while greatly limiting your attacks..you must talk policy, say why they are better for america, let surrogates atk dt
but don't you find it suspect ?? these 2 - hillary + clinton best friends &amp; now on "opposite" sides - both making the cut ?
wouldn't make this the ultimate ruse of all times? win/win. one gets the power, the other gets the multi billion network?
none of the couples shown are really together anymore except the rest are all broken
you can eric not gonna be with quinn anymore
mwahaha i'm gonna see if i can talk michelle into that sometime this weekend
wait till you see the final scene
let it be known that i am not a birther ... i'm an after- birther ... i demand to see the placenta as proof that obama was born in hi
that can be done because at his birth they kept the placenta and threw the baby away.
jimmy fallon should have david duke on next week and play connect four with him.
battleship, but with nazi u-boats
i am going to kick your ass for this prediction. i will make sure you get no air time sunday from the sidelines.
didn't you pick louisville last year, ballou? come on, man. be a homer go !!!
schoolyard scuffle: reid fat-shames trump; donald punches back
reed sounds like an old woman when he speaks. very non impressive.
hillary hates black people but she needs 93% of the black vote to win
before u vote, remember hrc has a politican past that should not b forgotten. she just wants votes now.
taking a shot here w/ include gold. she definitely looks like she'll improve w/ distance...on turf or dirt is still yet to be known.
i'm not betting today but include is definitely a distance sire out of broad brush i believe..
i would've shit my pants if a robot did that to me tbqh
this brings it full circle because the thing that put over the edge was the word "shartled"
its like they took the mount and blade 1v1 combat system and just made it look fucking great and that's what this game is
i can also see the 1v1 mode being an esport. fgc maybe
yea, kid pulled a gun that was altered to look authentic on a police officer. don't blind yourself, it doesn't help anyone.
that's what the cops said. you don't know just blindly taking the police word
but there's no institutionalized racism in the police force!
the three exclamation points add a nice touch
as a deplorable 71yr old vet,who has had pneumonia, if u believe hrc ref stumbling, etc,ur ill informed,naive+stupid
ha ! sir if there were more deplorable people like you, the world would be a much better place!
when drinks are 2 for 1
the first picture is our view of the first round and the second is the view on our last round
now, that sounds like a good idea! which restaruant?
oakland taco trucks
cheers bruv!
hellz yeah . tor/w
think ppl have the wrong idea&amp; overestimated our relationship.we barely saw eachother,really were just good friendsx
you guys were cute together
as i said y'day,even if i'm 80,doesn't make any difference.i'll keep disturbing vc all the time.
that's like my girli m wit u,let's bug vc as often as we do. afterall, we r his extended family
the idea of goes beyond finding an . promo &amp; character work are extremely important. and we're about to raise that bar.
choose it's a no brass brainer
if he pointed a gun at police as they claim, being shot is expected, if not, i agree the police were in the wrong
hmm, i've seen white men point their semi automatic guns at police and no one was shot. we're talking around the real issue
oh nice! i can't make it down and back for lunch, but we are planning on having people over our arcade tonight if you wanna come
you around in sf tonight? some of us were going to go bar hopping tonight if you're interested
interesting that some people seems to live in a parallel world besides reality...
which one? :p
i would like to apologize for all my snaps tonight.
don't apologize it's your night
i hope everyone at spx is warming up their hugs
so what kate is saying is that she doesn't need the free hugs sign this year. watch out grumpy people!
uhfdgjk sorry i didn't reply for . 2 hours. i didn't even notice anyone saying ladies and gentlemen so idk lol
it's okay !!! in the kind of dialogue portion where they're all talking (not issei's solo) i hear someone say ladies n gentlemen
we live in a post app world.
the next big thing is remaking wechat for the us (for context
for captain - without doubt!
that is a decent hit to be fair. excellent knee slide too, great technique for any kids watching
new dance gavin dance song is awesome, but what did you expect?
i slept through the whole thing ...
true. it doesn't take a rocket scientist to know that the industry is the most shady business of all time. i respect his exposing.
really included in that keys
paul found it
i have a really great bootleg, 'live at park west in 2006' i need to put in in a dropbox and send to you !!!!!
most of my answers are under
we have incorporated 7 updated the storify board. thanks
what will police do though? probably nothing
- file a complaint - on line stalking is illegal - never know - at last ask them
the current financial markets are like spinach. we need to turn it into kale.
what's wrong with spinach?
will the press finally turn against today? | mother jones
here is a bridge for our national press to jump off! bigger jerks than the guy they cover
i want to bleach my hair again to be yoosung..... or maybe i should use a fucking wig like a normal person
what's it say about me with my undercut then!!!!
im already home
hmmmmm... hope your cheeks aren't to chubby
making a revamp but idk for who. retweet this and maybe i'll make it for you
picking a winner at 25
now following. thank you sir
my pleasure
oh no! i'll be out of town in nyc, but everyone else should go.
or maybe i can make it before my flight.... hmm...
this is so fucking lame
lol i would be so fucking weirded out if a guy i was dating knew more about makeup than me wtf
i've broken up with art books/zines, but it doesn't mean i don't still love them
are you guys selling shirts this year?
:) i need the black model. i'll get it next year. you get the new watch?
yessir. if i made a list of everything wrong with apple watch and watchos 1.0, they've basically fixed it all.
. tells that he will likely not vote for trump:
fyi, missing a "chuck todd" attribution after the "bridge" line.
if he pointed a gun at police as they claim, being shot is expected, if not, i agree the police were in the wrong
i'm done, we can agree to disagree. i'm good with that, take care &amp; be blessed.
regardless of what trump says, that photoshopped birth certificate no one saw the original of was as real as a $3 bill.
his admission was a political decision based on politics . we all know the truth no reason to be sunk by it.
i know exactly what you mean. you can't "catch" them bc the lie in the moment is perfect in their own mind
and when the lies get silly it just gets exhausting.
a very impressive trio of writers! looking forward to publishing your books.
still pinching myself, sarah!
u ain't buyin the right af1's if u think they're ugly
like how can u tell me these aren't sick af
really? even just one access point made a difference? i wasn't familiar with these guys before.
airport was being flaky slowing down over time/connection was super slow through a few walls. now pretty solid throughout.
today, donald trump took 7 seconds to admit a conspiracy theory he nursed for 5 years was wrong.
he lied about hillary starting it too. why doesn't anyone call him out?
it's 2016 and as far as i know final fantasy: my life as a king was never made available anywhere other than the wii. wryyyyyyyy squeenix :(
on a related-ish note, why the heck did silicon knights' dos classic fantasy empires never get a second look? :( :( :(
and finally, open for the next round of luchadors!
love this theme! great job!
and there it is america.
90% of cops of color: who the hell agreed to this?
what does the photographer have on his head?
the dude in pic has a headband which was cool in 1982 maybe lol
might not be allowed back in my house after my last ig stunt so who got me on a couch for a week or two
bring the coat
well if someone treats you like the shit beneath their shoe love isn't an excuse for that either
but what im saying is we're so obsessed with "relationship goals" and the pictures we see don't even mean these people are in love
all set! i overall hope this encourages people to stop opening their phone while driving. :)
yeah then they'll just be on their watches xp
these last two days have been great. did you see his kids get grilled?
yes. beautiful
printing plates to start the signing off, little southpaw action
congrats big guy! nice job last night. wished we could get ya a few runs
bro u r imo &amp;what's up nmbr
skype or im on facebook
i'm presuming since he is on the roster. yearbook only lists 475th aces.
are the most well known pilots from the 475th correct. however we have records of all pilots
don't enter this giveaway. it's a trap. when she paints you she steals your soul. like the witch from little mermaid
thankfully, i still have my soul but i expect to one day steal it with her art. =p
when did "f*ck" become a unit of measurement? (i give a few f*cks about the actual answer)
this is a good bit...
yep that sounds about right! watch out for all the crazies
not met a lot of them yet thankfully what do you suggest to do whilst here? or somewhere nice to eat/drink? x
w/o a decent amount of self-love, the kindness of another will always strike us as misguided or fake, even as strangely insulting, for it
suggests that they haven't even begun to understand us, so different are our relative assessments of what we happen to deserve.
lets get our nips pierced together
ladies for all your piercing needs...
trump does not apologize. he never apologizes. incapable. it will not happen.
sociopaths do not know how to apologize.
not enough is being said about the stereo speakers on the iphone 7. crisp and loud, though the whole phone vibrates at full volume.
yeah if you crank it up it's almost loud enough to make you forget you don't have an audio jack
derozan over rated bro
i don't believe he's elite but cmon son he's better than middleton that's for damn sure
coworker being a complete ass about my resistance to eating sugar cake.
sugar-a-hokies like alcoholics. "why aren't you drinking??"
1. pmb has ordered that prompt &amp; appropriate disciplinary action be taken against those responsible for a wrongful insertion in his speech..
haba oga shehu! don't speech writers review pmb's speeches? if there is an insertion all involved in the process need to be fired
people like you are the ungrateful chutias who can't even respect the one man fighting to save your future. laanat!
when their leader plunders and loots, they get a share of the sin for supporting him
the president of the united states is releasing dangerous jihadists. he's lying about it. that ought to be news.
i hope they move next door to him.
swag aint a trend bruh its a lifestyle
is that james mazzochi
up from what? not from last year!
were they the only thing on that day. was it wedding-centric...uhmmm nope so j/s don't take all the credit
i'm coming
let's get it bro! came all the way from kc's territory saint joseph, mo for my first game/time in oakland! i need an autograph
when your male friend has a higher vocal range than you also, pudge in the background is lyfe
more range =\= beautiful range i'm learning all the sad demi lovato keyboard parts just btw we're going to do father
how does one give them money? asking for a friend
any inquiries about the vr fund should go to hello.com
i mean, can we agree they're both liars?
all politicians lie, unfortunately. using that as intellectual cover to support someone who never tells the truth is a dodge.
watch: barack obama admits he was born in kenya..
/ what the hell ?
the hotel design industry is a pretty innocuous place but this trump hotel opening has put me in a precarious position
thankfully, donald had an hourlong commercial for it this afternoon b/c politics so i feel like i'm off the hook.
except hillary was the one who started the "birther" rumors. let's give credit where credit is due.
nope. i spent 2008 for obama.hc did not start birtherism-andy martin did ed by of 2008,pumas.
happy birthday ryanne! hope your day treats you fabulous!
why thank you kelly! we'll have to catch up at morongo ;)
no brady, gronk a question, miami played seattle tough... but dolphins fans are getting reckless w/predictions on here. guys i respect, too.
belichick owns our soul. calm down. we get murdered every year in new england. protect your sanity. low expectations, people.
i think you will be my favorite! you are so friendly and adorable!!!
ahh, thanks
has he seen obama? mr fat ass? yes you are obese &amp; too old to be potus
take a look. thanks for sharing by the way.
that's the most perfect reaction gif
naomi's judgement is .
i just used shazam to discover maximum joy ( remix) by remixes at the salaryman shop bangin'
shinichi is a blessing
but what im saying is we're so obsessed with "relationship goals" and the pictures we see don't even mean these people are in love
and you don't love people because they take you out or buy you makeup and flowers, you love them... because you just do
was the heron the one eating fish? or did you have sushi for breakfast?
no sushi for breakfast
i wonder if the sea blue, storm gray, or saddle brown iphone 7 case will wear better.
i love the way the saddle brown case wears. this is my 6s one after about a year.
- wondering if you've had a chance to look at the reswift design pattern? any thoughts on if/how it fits with mvvm? rxswift?
that's the redux port, right? i haven't used it yet, but i'm using redux now and really like it
y'all are making me cry happy tears after sad tears. thank you &amp; thanks for stepping in fast. jumping offline for rn &lt;3
i posted this in the goodreads librarians group so hopefully one of the superlibrarians can help address xo
it's time! and are here!
we missed you in sf! all i wanted this morning was to get a selfie with you.
where's my soup?
the ingredients are at the store lol
this is what dating me kinda looks like
this is you
hillary's plan has been to make trump angry and have him lose it publicly. instead, it was her losing it for all to see. hilarious really.
totally agree. i love it!
i agree chris, especially since literally hates me, and
burger king would rather let poor people starve to death than let them eat their food
the scary part - i don't know if they are choosing. they are so out of touch w/ reality that nonsense is their truth.
yep. all verified sources of info are biased or lying. all unverified ones hold the real truth,
nicki always in the middle of the rap girls fighting .
lmfaoooldfakfaod she's always just trying to mind her business.
if he is to be elite he has to be consistent good/great &amp;not personally be the reason team lost
(if) never said he was elite!
we're clearly gaining momentum
representing an influential demographic.
will never book thru you again. thx for screwing up my honeymoon
we are very sorry to hear that. we have private messaged you and look forward to seeking a solution offline. ^kd
i got the job i got the job i got the job i got the job i got the job i got the job i got the job i got the job i got the job
congrats bird!!!!!! :d
i want the full audio to be released alongside the album
just a master it of you laughing
watch: michelle obama calling barack obama's home country is kenya..
what the hell
eating cold chick fil a nuggets dipped in polynesian sauce in the office kitchen is the real me
sounds divine
this our shit
are we gonna play it at our wedding?
i'm not hard in this zebra speedo because it's a fucking zebra speedo and my dick is gay and has taste.
i thought it was because there's absolutely no room to get hard love the suit
you two come immediately to mind.
would be delighted to attempt! i also suggest for this topic.
great meeting this morning with our winery partner ! such a beautiful property
hope you had a great time on property !
monday-national recovery month celebration scott co. author &amp; of &amp;
. just finished it, great book! recommended to me by on
globalists unite! , who spurned , teams up w/ obama to push for . ohioans take note!
most of the never trumpers are part of obama's criminal empire, paid for by george soros ???
happy birthday to one of the best have a good one girl!!!
thanks love ;) you the real mvp
cheers bruv
that's good
are you paris hilton????
excuse me no sir, i am not paris lol
hat tip to for scouting spots in san francisco on . i've been visiting several of them and they're great!
nice! which has been your favorite so far?
got all rep boosters in one crucible match. now what?
so "food poisoning" = crucible matches
omg flotus is such a good speaker! what a woman, what a lady! she is a portrait of class &amp; beauty. may god bless her
trumps needs to study michele obama's speech today. it's a study in class of which he has none. proves money can't buy class.
hi cayle, can you tell us your flight number? ^bt
2038. 9:35am out of chicago.
cluster headaches, like migraines are a primary headache disorder. i haven't seen gene mapping for them. have you?
i just got this. from sweden i believe?
lol miss-pooping-eagle.
i always wanted what her native american name was, i though it was " miss- can't- speak- the -truth"
sorry, libertarians. gary johnson won't be on the debate stage:
instead he should familiarize him self with hot spots us in.atleast read the news papers.
he was always right wing. if you look at his twitter feed where he wrote his real views you will see that
that's fine just call urself right wing and not liberal. liberal implies the left and not the right
losing doesn't look good on ! looks worse! hillary: trump's veterans press conference disgraceful
lol trumped you again. stupid is as stupid does. you begged for this one... lol lol
about the same we pay now, but my parents wouldn't even get a credit and stuff because they don't have enough money saved
this is a kinda bad thing about germany that there are laws like that...
i'm no tactician, but we need to set ourselves out to score three and not let any in.
genius... kenny says what we're all thinking
if we are not modestly but genuinely convinced of our own lovability, receiving affection will just simply feel like being bestowed a prize
for an accomplisment that we haven't ever earned.
you can keep lying. and trump will keep winning
lying? you mean like saying you have "inspectors" who have found "unbelievable" evidence that obama wasn't born in hawaii?
and you don't love people because they take you out or buy you makeup and flowers, you love them... because you just do
and love doesn't mean that person is right for u either &amp;like u said, not an excuse to be in a toxic relationship.. lol rant over
other than the brighter screen. when some new apps require the speed, i'll upgrade to a faster model.
yeah i hear that. i wanted stainless this time. goes with more bands. looks less dumb with a suit on.
by 'layered' do you mean totally in denial, delusional, deliberately misleading &amp; counterproductive?
possibly ;)
bring back rohail hyatt
met him a few times he's a nice guy and also a good cricketer, a medium pacer. got a chance to play with him
idk i'm pretty extra so i might just go anyways.
whyyyy is 2016 sooo expensive!!!
didn't you just love it when rj compared bill to deacon. i saved the episode to watch again.
both deacon and bill were never right brooke
there will someday be entire law firms devoted to kids suing their parents for putting their childhoods online.
it was probably a fake story though: (couldn't find an english version. maybe google translate?)
is everyday
all day. everyday.
what do you think of the non-moving home button? i've heard mixed reviews about the force feedback.
haven't actually gotten it yet. that was just the adapter in my 6s.
how do y'all react/respond when you don't get what you asked for but still like it? for example: a certain style at the hair salon.
do you say, "this is nice, but not what i requested" or smile and keep it moving lol?
my worst nightmare!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this would be mine me: *heavy breathing* jack: "um..." me: "hahahahahaha."
sn exclusive: bills forced rex ryan to use oc greg roman as sacrificial lamb
why was rob ryan not the sac lamb? he has been a terrible coach everywhere he has been. oh wait, bc he is the head coaches bro
true. but a pvt hedge fund w/o those nearly limitless legal resources of a public company paid by shareholders..
managing public pension $ and charging 2/20.
bruce did it *shudders*
and unlike batman beyond where it was in background, killing joke had it right in your face. *shudders*
if media would stop making it "uncool" to support her &amp; lowering bar for an unforgivably flawed &amp; wretched human being she could
well between you &amp; i she had a few self inflicted wounds that didn't need to happen. i'm hoping she can finish this.
thanks. even though the 5 of us were with him his last few days, it's still hard to believe.
i know what you mean. there is something shocking about the death of a parent. i'm glad you were with him.
all set! i overall hope this encourages people to stop opening their phone while driving. :)
you know whats bullshit the only way to get one is to buy one on ebay over priced! such bullshit! guess i wont be getting one
[capital in the 21st century] *..cool, calm &amp; collecting..* {remote access trojan: rangers} -the pied piper
confession time? here's what i got alphabet a curious creator i~open~sourced a-plot one's private dic~tator now we call the shot(s)
best use for crocs
- those things rob one of all dignity!......even as pots!
trump must be doing well in the polls. msm is in full mode.
i'm obviously no fan of hrc, but trump's dissembling, fact-mangling, and flip-flopping must be unique in electoral history.
you gotta be messecan....."made disrespectful"..?
you know what i meant
having fusion vms set itself for file association on the host is the worst. idea. ever. yeah, i wanna open that mp4 in windows vm.
hate that shit so much, parallels does it too
john kasich says chances of voting trump are "miniscule." interview airs sunday on .
oh my! i can't wait to watch chuckie and if doesn't vote trump i won't either....
?? lol sounds like i agree with the h8ers lol
no way! i want you guys to be as free as you wanna b!
can someone put the antlers on stewart please? ;)
i'll see what i can do.
news! has been activated from the dl.
awesome to hear he's back and healthy again! feel confident with cespedes and lagares taking care of the outfield.
who's tryna go see bent life with ur girlll in albany??
yes pls, i wanna get punched in the face a lot
i take it back. that was the best episode of ever.
can't wait to see you on there mopping up the competition!
the pool isn't censoring news. the campaign is by not letting reporters come on the tour.
spin spin spin
its about time i passed my license
that shit was a bitch for me too
reid unloads on trump as 'liar,' 'fraud' after birther reversal
reid is a senile old man who has spent too much time at the party. someone needs to granny dump him.
even ignoring the disgusting implications, even accepting toxic masculinity, how is it manly to have to rape some to get laid?
i don't even understand how the garbage rationalizations work.
definitely seeing the girl on the train when it comes out
lets see it together
cuz one rando tweets something.... right
is jim masher a rando tho?
you can keep lying. and trump will keep winning
lying? you mean like saying you were against the iraq war when there is audio &amp; written proof you did support?
though maybe that's his greatest hypocrisy, "all ideas are equal" then "don't you dare say i'm right wing" don't match
i would respect the guy more if he said he was right wing. don't call urself a liberal if ur not 1.
can meet you in williams burg about 7:30 - 8 . if that's ok x
sweet. heading that wayish now
wow. i may have been a bird when i was younger for real.
this song skfidjfpdsofsd
do you say, "this is nice, but not what i requested" or smile and keep it moving lol?
i'm sure this also depends on several factors like whether you have the time lol.
now that trump dropped birther issue, does he owe obama the $5 million he offered?
he'll welsh on that offer too i assume. like he does with all his business dealings. cheat. fraud. liar.
minister of inquiries
omg this is so meeeee! thank you brother!!!!!!!
u @'d me twice and i dont follow u or even know who u r idk why u bugging me on my opinion lmfao
damn foo why u so upset??? don't know how to make friends??
credit for losing rating from last year. smdh.
i know 145k
less than 300 ppl small turnout for hillary at comeback from pneumonia rally in greensboro- photos
not surprised. probably didnt want to het hacked on
she said she don't believe in god but her shoes christian
this is my fave line of that whole song
let's face it - who else had a motive in feb 2008? and who employed seedy david brock? she also suggested he might be assassinated. no shame
the clinton campaign's claim to have nothing 2 do with birtherism is one big captain renault impression. really, i'm shocked!
black voters are 900% more likely to have their votes not be counted than white voters.
if that is true obama would not have become president
"we got played!" cnn reacts to epic press conference troll
they look stupid and desperate.
we need the experience of our vets. they are an asset not a burden.
without our vets , we are in dire straits
hey your app is stalling on the welcome screen on all my ios 10 devices
you should be back now
everyone was so big when i visited the colleges here
which ones did you visit
ok! got to say that i'm a bit jealous and wish i was there! 2016
wish you were too!!
howard dean: 'donald trump is a fraud' via
just like his old red generals! he pulled a producer decades ago.
the perfect way to wrap things up... dinner at
we hope that you enjoyed your visit in april, and we hope to see you again in the near future!
hey everyone go follow my insta its anthony turpel have a good friday :)
rj stop this to his ability give bill his own bad medicine the way he treated put katie through
15 seconds! that's how long it takes to install and test the metacert security bot for skype
this bot checks over 10 billion uris in 300ms and yet, it can be fully integrated with your skype account in 10 seconds. 5 seconds to test.
heels &amp; be4 i have a about 2get a whowants2see?rt&amp;comment below
very enticing
gr8 markets when tv
negotiations come up
if clinton shows up at clinton global initiative next week she's a crook, but if trump leads a tour of his hotel, he's a businessman
really good coverage today! nice to see.
school: 20% learning 30% sleeping 50% thinking of unrealistic scenarios that will never happen in real life lol
good you realize that.
can't wait for it to get colder so i can rock this
you are so cute
he was to speak about flint and their water issues, not politics. he didn't do that. depressed is being a trump supporter!
really, get real...vote for hc and keep drinking the dirty water. she has done nothing for anyone but herself in 30 yrs
totally, speaking to an actual human is terrible hospitality i mean ux
what's even worse is after confirming *verbally* you actually have to physically go to the restaurant on the day of your res. smh.
the competition trade encourages leads to innovation. the is good for oh, america, prosperity &amp; security.
that podium looks good on you!
67 times donald trump tweeted about the 'birther' movement:
publish how many times has lied too!
me &amp; beeeeen on our shaved/bleached eyebrow swag since yall were in middle school hop off our dick!
lol @ me 4 smoking cigs in my room. fuck off mom, im punk.
you should be back now
just double tap home and make sure you quit the app, then reopen it.
you still being all cool with your android?
regardless of my preference for android, there's no denying a new iphone summons the fan boys like nothing else
what is the new cool on win10 for twitter? tweetdeck in the browser is too slow and bogged down (tried in chrome and edge)
twitter dot com the webpage
i feel sick every time i see a picture of black chyna. bitch is gross
hey don't be mean
my nephew is sporting his new shirt that i bought him for his birthday!
hi scott, cubbies might do it this year, epic v , vin's last year though, it will be tough to go against
is there room for war and peace? asking for a russian friend.
yes - unlimited room! most impressive part is scribbling a letter right over previous letter and it turns it into words seamlessly.
soo good to be home!!!
glad to have you back brother
i don't know how to respond when someone compliments me
that's a tough one... maybe "thank you"?
just played around with the iphone 7. whoever designed the visual force touch hint around icons did their fucking homework. that is a thing.
oh really! very curious to see that :) big complaint i had before- was unclear which apps are force touch enabled.
he was to speak about flint and their water issues, not politics. he didn't do that. depressed is being a trump supporter!
correction, she had 4 men killed and she demoralized the women that her husband slept with..oh and dont forget the coffee
what's really galling is that today, once again, donald trump used a racist conspiracy theory to boost his political and personal fortunes.
given your profession represents a fundamental pillar of our democracy, for you this falls under "don't get mad, get even".
well why didn't u tell julie that hillary started it i 2007 ?
because julia cant understand normal thought!
thankfully, donald had an hourlong commercial for it this afternoon b/c politics so i feel like i'm off the hook.
where were you when donald trump lied his way out of birtherism? "oh, well, at the hba designed trump hotel in dc, in fact." cool. cool.
fantastic girls night out tonight! thanks for warning them about us!
we hope that our signature treated you well along with the other dishes - we look forward to seeing you again!
happy birthday to this larger than life character who we love watching at the poker table,
that was a boss move
if i would of listened to that random asian lady name karen at the starbucks i would of been great but in due time everything is everything
never help those whose drowning if you can't swim. if you drown too you can't blame no one but yourself also put down the weed and cancer
possibly ;)
it's another type of urban lit. seven types of ambiguity, or more..
gingrich:"how many americans have to die before obama&amp;hillary tell truth about threat from islamic supremacists?"
obama hates most americans, so theres that
i don't count that as cannon.
i know but i just saying the fan who hates it, couldn't get away from it whereas bb it was a footnote in history.
if we have a plan or not everyday with you is a new adventure with you bc we are prefect together.
aw you're too kind, i'm flattered
been at orientation for ucsd all morning and i haven't found a single theatre student or professor. what's going on!!!!!
miss u girl
my hairs so beautiful i wish i could straighten it all the time but it'll start breaking off and dying
keep straight at all times
u got rude when u tried tellin me that my hair is dirty and urs isnt. check urself
yall all hella funny. the dirty hair comment was a bit insensitive das all.
ivy would be a perfect daughter in law for quinn. quinn why cant u see that?
because she dark eyes are blinded
what is a wedding wine box ceremon
interesting, but just buying a small wine fridge, and keeping some nice bottles in there for the future, makes more sense.
if they don't then what carries the gravitational force
true-gravity might not be quantized, but might, for example, be emergent
look at this fake left circlejerk going on in my mentions. you guys will never be true left like dinesh d'souza
what exactly is true left? the further left u go, u move 2 socialism and communism.
unless you include all those that bush and cheney are responsible for...
gladly. hrc's foreign policy is hardly distinguishable.
: thinks he looks how old?
this is a narcisscist. 35 year olds do not have wrinkles,fat, bad hair weaves,dyed hair. he looks older than 70
tesla was first to talk. chevy was first to act.
there's a difference?
even the stealingest rappers dont dare steal the masterful adlibs of mercutio the warlock "my tummy hurts. does this have olives? im scared"
wait these are my new adlibs....
"2k came out today right? invite your friends over, i'll get you guys some snacks &amp; make some wings." wooooooooooooo!!!!!!
she's a keeper if she say that shit. lock her in ya room and never let her leave lmao
seems quiet from tokyo game show, thought there'd have been more reveals.
tgs is not the show it used to be. very little news out of that show these days.
unless you include all those that bush and cheney are responsible for...
and you miss the point.
didn't deserve supper. book sucks. the art is beautiful though
agree, the wild things weren't nearly as wild as they should have been with that little onesie-clad reprobate.
i'm coming to visit as soon as i'm not broke
so once you graduate and pay all your student loans back?
guess we'll flip a coin.
thank you for this!your voice helps me to feel somewhat sane! the media is making me crazy. we need you and jon stewart!
news! has been activated from the dl.
finally he is back
they not squirting but piss that ain't cum my friend
idk bro sometimes it's creamy &amp; if she got creamy piss then i might off myself
it was fun that time smooched everyone at his 25th birthday party and issued a blanket apology on facebook. (he deleted it)
sorry not sorry
the shorts that left me are the best shorts ive ever worn should i (a.) not give them back or (b.) buy my own pair
(a.) not give them back
don't do it. it's embarrassingly bad.
seriously dont. it's horrible
it is my literal job
my business cards shall say "twitter tizzy inducer"
oh no. jordan, which flight are you on today? ^fs
443 ... a broken seat seems to be the problem but we're getting "15 more minutes" every 15 minutes for a while now
i bought my entire family tickets to see you in wv!! i had the pleasure of seeing you @
best. concert. of. my. life.
never say no to icecream
pretty sure i seen that in the bible once...
sometimes. but be careful about reusing it without changes.
has to be fluid and always evolving for sure!
forget reboots -- spend a night with the blair witch project instead
i did that already
thanks to my top interactors! via
you're welcome.
i was wondering why it was so familiar
pretty sure liquid bread and steins over here use it. gastro tropes.
sometimes true actions speak louder than words, can't manipulate me if i am not there. i am protecting my heart&amp;mental state when they didnt
phi phi i love you, but you gotta think what would ladygaga and lil kim do? they receive countless hate but still stride on
plot thickens on as dogg's angels prt 3 hits the site. have his way with me
that is one lucky guy.
ooh this is just a young child's account. yea you wouldn't understand , never been in a relationship before
as i said, having sex with black people does not prove someone is racist. does not. nope.
i'm actually pretty mad that the pokmon go plus sold out lol. i really wanted it. hoping they re-release.
you can find who has one!
donkey kong country 2 - jib jig [woodwind cover]
this theme makes me want to become a kutthroat and sail away on a pirate ship.
in wh visit, kasich calls for bipartisan comity in washington did kasich have time to kiss o's ass b4 leaving?
glad we didn't vote for u your head is so far up o'bama's ass that its sad. you are self destructing worse than jeb
i saw something really interesting today!!!!! typically i see nyu medical practitioners dressed in purple but today i saw
a columbia university practitioner, they dress in light blue which makes sense since their school color is light blue
[trap] omeguh ft rico act - let it be va
thank you !!!
time to change the "national anthem." here's its real reason to ditch it.
youre an unpatriotic hack
i need columns
but like, why?
i have two tickets available for tonight. star trek night! dm me if interested or know of anyone who might be.
i sold my tickets for sundays game.
never help those whose drowning if you can't swim. if you drown too you can't blame no one but yourself also put down the weed and cancer
lastly she told me buy veggies because it's cheaper and healthier than fast food. this was the morning after going to jail.
sometimes true actions speak louder than words, can't manipulate me if i am not there. i am protecting my heart&amp;mental state when they didnt
but i respect whatever you decide just member... what would gaga do?
hows he look now in courtroom.
i'm right behind him, can't see his face but he's been watching the videos, appears calm.
you can keep lying. and trump will keep winning
lying? like the thousands of muslims celebrating the 9/11 tragedy in new jersey where there is no evidence?
good morning can u please take a good look at this video this is what was talking about
exactly deplorable folks &amp; many supporting trump who everyday brings out the worst in them
i want to make a twitter coin flip bot, could you give me some advise?
@ did you see the random number generator example, take a look should have everything you need good luck!
after i gave my client a massage today, she got up from being knocked out like "damn i feel like you drugged me, that shit was amazing"
made my day hearing that. and the massage was free, and she still paid for it talkin about it was that good
[music] 'fat joe, remy ma, french montana - all the way up ( &amp; remix)'
big ups !!!
last night i combined the word ginger and ninja in a furious rhyming of words to horrible resorts. literally shocked me after i said it.
hey dood, don't sweat it. happens to a lot of people :)
just left men's warehouse and when i tell you julio hooked my life up!!!! ya'lllll!!!! tuesday can't come fast enough.
new uniform, who this?
but he knows being right wing is bad, and he wants to be good, he just doesn't have the brain for it
then as far as i'm concerned he's full of shit.
as with most things, the fix is a settings checkbox away. also, under is correct. over is basic.
i know it's a quick fix but the default use case is incoherent given decades of established email behavior.
ill take him to meetings and shit
uncle cody too fye.
good job kory!! wanna try it on this?
yes! o baby. i can't wait to get rolling on that. k80????
i know this guy.. won't mention any names who said was a terrible pic in fantasy.... smooth sayer... nah
i know that guy is going 2 2 witness cooks first hand let's not put him into canton just yet
fuck jimmy fallon.
what should he have done? its his job to like everyone.
he's the closest tbh.
yes, and would step into that role in heroic fashion by actively campaigning against trump in ohio.
for the next 5 minutes i'll be giving out free, super secure passwords for anyone who asks for one.
shit. noticed this too late.
i suspect mr trump will regret this - he's not prepared for .!
cubans a miserable twat if he shuts his mouth he may get a seat at the table stfu
how do you subtly tell your boyfriend u deleted his ex from his facebook without sounding like a crazy bitch?
oh wait you don't. you just dive right in and tell than nigga youre crazy and not to fuck w your heart
when a squirrel comes by your cabin and eats your hot dog rolls
it really did. they are the best rolls in the world. following.
looking for a new car has made me have to talk to/spend time with my dad more than i have in like 10 years
and at this point i'd rather just walk everywhere tbh
can someone put the antlers on stewart please? ;)
here you go.
'four more yrs' would finish off america. no way.
does she look like an angry gorilla or is it just me.
hi gz!i'm fine! &amp;u?
always good thanks
this week the house passed bills to improve education protect seniors from taxes hold va accountable
how be specific!!
oh the delicious irony of the thing that launched 's political "career" also ending it
that should have ended his political career from the start though
bigger than football
be ours in a few years if you don't lock him down
anyone got the new iphone?
waiting for the ups man like
these surveys and polls are always extremely flawed, though influential nonetheless.
tbh i am surprised at the number of netbeans users out there. i haven't used it since '03
most of all i can't imagine not programming. sometimes i'm envious of people who can.
i've worked for extraordinary coding managers. one size does not fit all: what does the team &amp; the company need?
sounds democratic and yet all do not have equal abilities to take advantage of inclusion. how might we change this?
scholarships for patients attending conferences like
i have over 600 skydives... it's been almost 8 months since i last jumped... the itch is v real rn
600 jumps? wtf u animal! help me get to that point then let's jump into the playa!!!
yes, all the tabs and data entry are a bit much. looking at the import feature.
all of our info is in ca, we've imported and there's still blank fields for each sa. getting messy.
will you release names/departments in your report or will you allow those who were laid off to do it on their own accord?
well, i would only publish names that i can verify. i don't consider it private information.
fuck him , he ain't shit
update : he blocked me on snapchat
democrats: trump needs to retract his comments trump: ok...obama was born in the us democrats: what a disgrace this is a stunt
you hit this one right on the head.
double clicking the new home button is a lot smoother/easier.
new home button is like butter.
latest buzz for tom's restaurant: - rt did we all know that this cover of "tom's diner" exists? am i la...
wrong place, but nice try!
the college struggle yo
where you at thoug
you know what you might help? a chat about bear data. 's got you covered:
that is one grizzly episode
that's such bullshit. i am working with a collection of anti-semitica and holocaust literature, and every single time it stings
fuck this guy
. :"the mainstream media is trying to further hillary clinton, just like they did when she was facing bernie sanders!"
trish regan is an amazing interviewer. no nonsense girl. we just love her.
congratulations eric u have defeated cancer. proud of u bro.
thank you! i'm so happy to be in remission. i have only one chemo cycle left
yeah. it really irritates me when non-blogger promotes their bs. he proved to me awhile ago that he has no inside info (1)
it's why i had to stop following him, i get when you love a couple but the agenda was bs
lol i'm not being sarcastic i'm tryna be helpful, you really can make a cheap dope costume
check out some vids on youtube for advice
so i'm in a grumpy mood when a random guy comes over to *tell me how to start my own motorcycle*. how does he think i got here?
"oh no, after her boyfriend started the bike he lent her he didn't chaperone her or into public!"
happy birthday ball out tonight bruh. it's only right!
right on brother ! and i'm already knowing
the discovery of up for grabs appetizers (shrimp ceviche!) in the conference room was basically a black ops mission
free ceviche from a conference room seems quite a gastronomical gamble, i respect your bravery in this matter
adding numbers considered dangerous.
using c++ compilers considered dangerous
.same here. will cancel after timy.
! same goes for me
i've still never heard one good thing about united &amp; to hear this is upsetting, this is not ok.
wrote about
this new pokemon anime season is the cutest thing i've seen in forever!
but i fear the episodes are going to get as boring as every pokemon season from ruby/sapphire onward.
and i hope you do &lt;3 you're one of my favorite people online i love seeing you feeling good
aw shoot. thanks so much
there is no winning the cute animal war. it is the war of ages, passed down from parent to child for generations.
but i'd like to see you try. go on, hit me with your best cute animal links.
today, donald trump took 7 seconds to admit a conspiracy theory he nursed for 5 years was wrong.
no he still blamed for starting it but he finished it &amp; repeated twice. all bs!
how often is too often to get pierced?
at this point you're just getting perforated
since when did we do all this winning with romo? he can't even stay healthy.
since he was 73-48 as the starter, check the record when he doesn't play, lolz
tv plans for tonight:
i was hoping you'd say that.
it isn't an isolated incident though. she repeatedly has said things that amount to: "why would i care about republicans?"
i don't think you are reading her quote correctly. she said nothing even close to why care about republicans.
she wasn't always like this, but little by little, she gave in via | getty
so, ur saying hrc has political ptsd? get well soon!
and they were just cool with it im ded
that's how the scene is
i hella just vented to my classmate lmao
next time call me and we can vent together
in only 7 yrs has managed to destroy all principles and morals this country was built on
just go away
well the appointment didnt go that well. so supposedly my diagnosis might not be correct as thought so i need to do more blood work
then what the hell is wrong with me??
we've all been there
. this is basically football season in a nutshell. it's like scoring a td before the game even starts.
when i knew for a fact nv made a story decision, and ryan made fun of me for saying nv has say over stories.
the only one i listen to is jamey he is a source god
"that" is f**ked!! (totally know how you feel)
devastated, sent over my resume anyway, maybe they haven't made a decision yet.
update : he blocked me on snapchat
i fucking hate boys, why do they play games
any enemy of our allies is our enemy. congress investigating obama admin-funded campaign to unseat israeli pm.
obama is our enemy
i mean ratings continue to go down but sounds like bell is still stubborn &amp; will continue to write bullshit!
let keep happening this show will cancel next year he dont want to listen to any of the fans to change storylines.
umm we can do something next weekend!
yes definitely!! let me know
they have to reach because there is nothing close at hand that supports their bigotry towards trump.
racially freighted symbolism too difficult a concept for you. i think that you are pretending to be stupid.
who is lana del rey voting for in the election
gary johnson
yes - how can nyt be so shallow and biased?
u are trump, meaning u are racist, misogynist, xenophobic, a liar, con, narcissist...
yup, that's fairer! (maybe not as click-bait-able...)
quoting from the piece "i believe this is a misreading of poverty's relationship to learning." took hed from piece
you know already. they just flat out lie about everything. keep an eye out for this new guy.
okay i think i found the thread re: sid. that's who is being exposed. if so, makes sense as to why banded him from wh.
can we be the bella twins?
we are way too ugly for that let's be real
the only reason birtherism resurfaced is because wanted it to resurface. shows how desperate her sinking polls has made her
and she is desperate!
poll: dems want sanders to replace clinton
lies lying people tell
i wanna love you with the lights on, keep you up all night longgg, darling i wanna see every inch of you, i get lost in the way you move
a masterpiece
i am crying this is the best video ever lmfaoo
": i am crying this is the best video ever lmfaoo
struggle with me baby!
then shine together
just thinking when 2017 starts i'll be pretty much deployed for the whole year kinda crazy
even farther away from me
minister of inquiries
thinking manic scribe is better tho...
yup, that's fairer! (maybe not as click-bait-able...)
needed petrilli in hed to make clear was a response. if suggestion is we skewed for clicks, i'd push back on that
bringing lucas duda back this weekend tcollins sed
to play baseball ?
very. it's what bill cats crave.
who. are you
just a reminder we cannot let a racist become president of the united states. we're not perfect but we're better than that. it's not a joke.
we've done it so many times already.
happy birthday . miss getting drunk at 's family functions with you.
thank you so much same! maybe soon
lol yea but the pieces i'll need would probably still end up being more than a reg costume
depends, just gotta get creative lol
well that part is obvious. what worries me is the numpties that fall for it
yeah it's pretty disheartening.
adorable! do you have a favorite song?
grey street
two weeks ago while on my way to work a man on his phone drove into me. it was my first time...
im so glad everything worked out for you &lt;3 glad it had a happy ending
trying to restore icloud back up on new phone but have two factor authentication enabled. can't receive verification since my phone is (1/2)
verification code comes via sms? want to put your sim in my phone?
hurry up &amp; come visit so we can get drunk.
you can't drink someone get this bish a chocolate milk pls
they have to reach because there is nothing close at hand that supports their bigotry towards trump.
but i can spell it out to you if i have to. starting with the fact accusing group of rape is a classic .
. getting pretty with the ...
might deport you guillermo if he gets elected.
factual! which is a risk cause that shit will really have you blackballed
it's sad but business is business
the new assassins creed lets you play as a big cat. the graphics are amazing.
pff i could do that
the certainty that trump will inflict misery on his own dumbest voters for four years isn't enough to make me hope he'll win.
said like a patriot. schadenfreude for some of these sons of bitches would be sweet but, a) too dumb to learn, and b) just no.
all birther refs in media shld be: "racist birther movement led for 5 yrs by trump before he admitted it was a lie."
. giving credit to rudolph giuliani is like mussing up trump's hair on a late night talkshow.
god damn it im about to graduate
it might not be too late. only one of us has to be enrolled right? *has not read rules
okay!! //v\\ i'm so glad u came we should hang out at some point
you have to come to boybingo and boy auction w us
the only reason birtherism resurfaced is because wanted it to resurface. shows how desperate her sinking polls has made her
and yes i believe he was born in kenya
where do "real niggas" end up sooner than later yall ?
lol married or in jail depending how real
i was really ready to dislike you but you took that away from me. damn it.
i appreciate that, thank you! hope you enjoyed the first episode!
of course he will. he's a spin master, hrc wishes she could spin like him lol
clinton doesn't need to spin. trump speaks for himself. those of us w/some intelligence &amp; critical thinking skills see thru his
hey give me someone to draw
you nice with it?
remember 2 weeks ago when you all couldn't wait to put the new frank ocean on repeat?
just put it on repeat again this week. white ferrari might be my fav track,.
i find the hypothetical argument to be a bit of a red herring. much as ppl want to, relitigating primary achieves zero here.
maybe? the point is next time nominate someone who actively speaks to voters' interests and isn't corrupt. such as... sanders
prop 56 allocates just 13% of new tax money to treat smokers or stop kids from starting
another slush fund for politicians.
they have to reach because there is nothing close at hand that supports their bigotry towards trump.
component of american racism. surely you could not be so ignorant as to be unaware of that. you seem smart.
it's national cheeseburger day too!!
what! i should have known this already.
candy is my shit i'd take candy over some random booty every day of the week
broe idk october the month to go ham on random booty but it's also the month to eat hella candy. i just want pumpkin pie
. gave the 's fiorella laguardia "big flower" award
historical note: laguardia = "little flower" / de blasio = "big flower"
revis drowning
lifeguard lifeguard!
this piece is ridiculous on every possible level. "usa today has elderly racist make an ass of herself"
. america the beautiful, long the unofficial national anthem, is a better anthem in almost every way.
damn. is there a more perfect movie than forrest gump? guts me every time!
shawshank redemption too.
he's not. aren't you liberals supposed to be tolerant? guess not.
tolerant of racism and hate? nah. i don't think so.
i'm sitting here in shock at how many people blocked me. hahahahahaha. wish they would have put their big panties on and told me first. lol
probably overly sensitive liberals
not sure i've worked with managers who didn't code whom i've also respected. worked with many great managers who did code.
yeah, i think i'm kinda with you. see also: the great tech writing manager, who was the best writer i've ever worked with or for.
i stopped following him too. it's not that he's a js fan. idc abt that. it's that he's full of it but pretends otherwise.
that's an understatement, he's pretentious
is being a complete asshole with unrealistic expectations a prerequisite for being on love it or list it?
how to be on love it or list it. lol
lockett unless gronk sits out again then i would go hogan.
thanks. not even looking at w2. looking moreso for ros.
im on &lt;3
i'll be right there!
it's gonna be wild
hold it to me all you want, i have an apartment with a big couch that pulls out and a large bed
gloria estefan: nothing's changed for cubans since obama normalized relations
did you really expect it to?
not that spanish is a proxy for understanding english better, but i do wonder what i lose by not having to be vigilant in reading in english
gatsby believed in the green light
that would be scary. given we make decisions based on data. machines now can manipulate us.
it already is
not that i'm aware of. people are commenting on how frail she had become though.
so young. sad.
imagining the process of taking that picture gives me much amusement. :)
lazily lifting my leg in the air and snapping a photo ?
free ceviche from a conference room seems quite a gastronomical gamble, i respect your bravery in this matter
it was really good and from some caterer the corporate overlords were trying out, i think
getting two good cards back in their deck. lucas duda on saturday, jake degrom on sunday. getting healthy, getting better.
don't forget lagares. gettin' the band back together
you have got to be kidding me...lmao not even remotely believable, even for the stupidest among us.
neither can your racist statements or emails
*glares accordingly*
you weren't on skype!!
what about an anchor tag without href? is it valid? cc
no, i don't think it will be focusable and anchors are for links, not buttons (which are for actions)
clinton's latest strategy now, is getting blacks riled up, brainwashing them to believe trump started obama birtherism!
new analysis washington post removes any doubt that the anti-obama birther movement was started in 2007 &amp; 2008 by hc
in a way the symbolism seems lazy but of course we all feel what the blue sky means and it's easier than explaining it outright i guess
gatsby believed in the green light
here we go with the "forrester matriarch" thing lmao. who will be saying that next year lmao
she wont be any matrich next year steffy will make
it's so pretty... 256 gb of awesome. all the better to with!
impressive.... well you know the rest.
is that a reference to my terrible hair?
i've never been very good with subtlety.
trump may be abandoning 'birthers,' but they're not abandoning him
watch video
bingo--we have a winner.
probably not-but u won't go to jail n embarrass your friends n family in the court trials like some folk
was going to delete this, but decided i like this typo better
would rule if he pissed on his hands
lmao allow what? they don't control that country!
lol. but they bomb don't they? so in a way they control it.
i had a dream i was being chased by slenderman when he finally caught me he told me he just wants friends and a normal, domestic life
quick remember what punkar taught us about dreams
see,what u've done to ur fans,vc!don't be so rude,be nice to us sometimes,honey
no use saying " hello honey bunny" vc is bz bein badass zico nowlet's jus b us
true left (patent pending) is a joke because rubin's descriptions of liberals are right wing
yeah i tend 2 get that feeling from most of these so called liberals.
a black man who supports trump and his kkk rhetoric how do you justify that at night when you close your eyes?
the same way u sleep and support corrupt regimes day after day. i am not a black man, my color is not black. save ur hide
so amusing to watch play the us media yet again today &amp; now watch them once more chuck their piqued toys out of prams.
love it they should b wearing pampers. they just aren't professional. they're embarrassing usa.
clinton's campaign staff found blumenthal abhorrent. it's also stupid. 20% of 08 primary voters are african american
oooh, unsubstantiated hearsay that nobody on the obama campaign remembers being pushed ever.
the truth always comes out. sid blumenthal was a clinton 2008 "senior advisor" and fed hrc intel at the state dept.
obama rightly criticized how many clinton foundation donors knew they were funding blumenthal's salary?
just saw mikhail grabovski at iceworks. he's working out in the gym, not on the ice. does not seem likely he'll be cleared for camp.
so 84 is on ir to start the season - opens door for 13 or 10 to make the team. no vet d man for depth?
thank you for those details. how was the rest of your flight? ^bt
miserable. i am in a walking boot and crutches and had to squeeze in to a window seat.
nice animated soviet vision of the internet of things, from 1987
when i saw the title, i was expecting maximum soviet expressionism, and i was not disappointed
. actor james woods boycotting the nfl over colin kaepernick controversy m
good move! everyone should follow his lead
don't play / travi$ scott
the beginning of that song
i chose sides. team na. today was a good day at
whats that fishermen?
great meeting you and hoping to see you soon in our office
it was such a pleasure speaking with you and learning about the innovative tactics you are doing!
while we're on the subject there are a few other white people that i would like to condemn:
ted cruz, jerry falwell, pat robertson, bill o'rielly, michele bachmann, sean hannity, ann coulter, sarah palin, rush limbaugh...
evan mcmullin retweeting this poll should tell you everything you need to know. everything.
mcmullin c-blocking trump?
and by that you mean saying to howard stern, yea i geuss, i don't know, maybe? after 9 11? that's the big endorsement? laughable
i didn't say it was an "endorsement". i said it was a lie that he didn't say it. you just prove it.
happy birthday tomorrow, sweetie! i'll be in nyc in march. dinner then?
thank you love! yes totally let's have dinner. keep me posted and we'll set a night! hope you're doing well
with my guy
diablo pupilo what a rat nigga went to candlelight
me too. jamey is the bomb. i respect source jenn's observations, even when i don't agree. wish she didn't work for ryan!
completely agree
he does. it's called 1992 lol. he needs to get his name buzzing
smh lol knew it
w/ and alexander joel discussing the link between privacy + the privileged
it's not, but look for a write-up of the talk next week via
i look like i'm ready to murder a building full of people. nonetheless, i love you. it was so good.
love you more man! it was awesome plowing through some sushi with you
yom kippur is oct 12th. i know because i schedule my annual wagner opera after yom kippur when i have a clean slate.
ha! love it. also, love that i don't have to fast this week!
i told buddy from the indian spot to get orders of the backwoods, he got them in all flavors now
word they hook it up lol
thanks bro next game vs difficult
can't wait i'll be watching
he only more athletic middleton defense is elite
i'm not tryna hear that man. i'm taking derozan over middleton any day of the week
a random engaging email looking for advice instead of 140 characters of vapid discourse. that was a nice experience. god, i miss civility.
i didn't know you were miss civility! was that 2015?
i am become stress, the destroyer of sanity.
any chance of becoming destroyer of hannity?
please note that the start time for cathy's curse tomorrow has moved up to 10:30. but now it's on the big screen! bring lots of friends!
let me book a flight to cali now
lying? like saying no americans died in the conflict in benghazi? like saying she donated the money to haiti? i could go on
lol. she said "no americans died in benghazi". ?? where and when. go on.
available now on the :
love these emojis im gonna get them and aj by himself
clinton's latest strategy now, is getting blacks riled up, brainwashing them to believe trump started obama birtherism!
i pray they are smarter then that!
anybody get pictures?
so did a very classy thing. he split after the interview so could get everyone's sole attention
verification code comes via sms? want to put your sim in my phone?
or is your mac connected as well?
it was probably ur fault
don't ever say that again ur a crap tracy
... witch the 'paper-button' element?
mainly adding the ripple effect i think. honestly paper-button could probably just be a native button. too much early enthusiasm
it's been a long and stressful week and i was weak and fuck all you bitches.
oh it's fine
sunflower field hangs
idk what's more beautiful, the sunflowers or you (definitely u)
thanks amigo! how are you these days?
things are great. just back from svalbard. you have many fans everywhere
best headline for today is: under pressure, trump concedes he's been repeating a racist lie for six years.
is the coverage now turning to whether or not clinton started birtherism?
my guess is that they settled with a suboptimal design not because they wanted to look like regular headphones but bc of the mic
agreed. i think the current design was the best of the situation - that or follow sony's collar designs
sometimes i feel bad for because i think ur my gf too
lmao it's okay he's a big boy. he can deal with it &amp; share
if only it were live. you could expose them for the liars and pigs that they actually are.
i guess everybody wants to forget about her previous season &amp; she's a saint.
if anyone did this to me today.....
omg that's mad funny actually
can you send me a link to the cjr archive issue article we talked about last week?
hey! sure. i'll be in touch with a more detailed email soon!
you know how you black out and then the next day the memory comes back to you? that just happened to me except for a memory from 2 years ago
btw the memory was of me not being willing to wait on line so i just peed on the floor of the men's bathroom.
so for an spa app (without any routes system), the button should always be used then, right?
no because you're linking, in a sense. you're changing the url (or you should be).
where are you guys going to be located sunday at the stadium doing the pre game show? i'll be there
metlife central, just inside the metlife gate.
hey , said that in 1977 he bought kids cones from mr. softee. sources tell me it was actually good humor. break it!!!
it was actually the old bungalow bar trucks.
how to become a weed sommelier
og kush and cabernet is so 1998. these days it's all my little pony and oregon pinot noir.
my backpack smells like mary jane this is no bueno
pinche dumbass
now, teddy, don't be ugly &amp; go all bigot demjust 'cause i couldn't fit all letters in tweet.
correcting grammar is bigoted--what universe do you live in?
running game is so easy here.
. in the span of an hour i got two snapchats
5k in. 3km to go!
awesome keep up the good work
i'm ok mate watching
and a few
if you were the would you pardon ?
yes &amp; i would provide him protection should he want it from the cia black ops revenge
j street attacks regavim preserves via
jstreet = jihad street. jstreet received 500,000 from obama govt to promote iran dead
osweiller technically won a sb, john
starting sb qb's, pardon.
want to be on nerdette? yes you do! call and leave a msg telling us what show you love that no on else is watching: 312-600-5638.
the grinder was cancelled last year because only i was watching it and i have thoughts. is that too late?
the intellectual progenitor of languages with significant whitespace.
all the cool new languages have fortran in their dependency graphs
no, thats not why, the judge was apart of 4 pro illegal immigrant groups, he ended up winning case.
stop blindly defending trump. he said what he said about that judge
"hillary clinton wouldn't need to court republicans if she simply embraced progressive policy which excited leftist voters"
or, ya know, if anyone who wasn't already affluent really thought she spoke to and represented and would steward their concerns
thanks for sharing the image and the idea! glad you were there.
really enjoyed the talk. thank you.
tweeting lyrics... that was so basic and 2015
i do it too
and btw, trump referred to me as "him" and said he did not read the interview.
maybe trump is a gawker troll.
your manga list is.....correct! 100% (wait...no bondage faeries??)
when you get into the top 5 the choices are kinda obvious.
this amazing fish and chip who helped us out by giving us some chips
like fish and chips
if u don't understand whats racist about it that's your problem.
you stupid moron! lol!
well i guess one could say the game just went outta pocket !!!!!!
he bout that action doe
congress doesn't even know what's in the fcc's proposal.
how about shares the draft rule and cable shares their sacred, inviolable carriage agreements?
what technologies do you think will help build a ?
simulation modeling shows how today's decisions impact tomorrow's health, creating agency and awareness for consumers
turns out ios 10 comes with a new lock sound. i thought my phone was broken.
no, i'm pretty sure yours is broken
thanks for the tips. i'll keep them in mind if i ever find the courage to try tequila again.
i love tequila, but i only imbibe high quality and sip it, which is the correct way. try a shot over ice.
game idea: navigate this modern urban world while cultivating and caring for your precious gut flora
this is very on brand for me
heard a good review from as well.
the kid is a master at his craft
your manga list is.....correct! 100% (wait...no bondage faeries??)
fond memories of watching the fairies fuck crickets and bears and stuff.
welcome to the bay area, fam!
haha ayeeeee! thanks fam! i was actually getting ready to hit you up you in vegas or the bay??
today's agenda: replay the same taking back sunday song 100x, smoke 50 cigs, turn phone off and cry for 3 hrs
moe, ummm let's do this together
bankruptcy has been costly for gawker's creditors, too. here's the $$ hours for august alone:
but the creditors aren't paying!
check out playing the for honor closed alpha, still streaming now!
we'd love a key!
when the historical autopsy of this election is done, the mainstream media will be indicted as the cancerous cadaver it was.
this is how all the networks should always treat trump. turn the cameras off.
and by that you mean saying to howard stern, yea i geuss, i don't know, maybe? after 9 11? that's the big endorsement? laughable
yea, that's what we need in a president "yes i guess so, i dunno, maybe" when talking about sending troops to war. good grief.
his tweet was to get that fanbase to agree so he gets his ego inflated. that's it.
of course what other reason was there, you just can't have it both ways. ratings suck for that couple end of story
the cutlass ciera will always be apart of dna. thank you for the opportunity
- i'm looking forward to learning more about your app, arun - because makes things!
i've always loved fallon but this trump thing is super tone deaf. yuck.
it's worse than trump hosting snl, but this reeks of lorne michaels, too.
since i've joined , replaced , moments was born, and gif game grew 0 to . tonight, will revolutionize tv.
congrats on your most liked tweet to date
best thing you can do for urself is brushing your teeth regularly.
what about flossing?
this literally just popped up in my timeline
thank you for making my point,
. actor james woods boycotting the nfl over colin kaepernick controversy m
think how much time u would have 2 do other things not watching fb. the league plays dirty.
you don't know who the father is and its between two totally different men?? no problem, let us cater to you (lmao)
have you been binge watching the maury povich show? "you are not the father"
its nice to have free speech isnt it, when your judge is in a group that advocates for illegals
most 'illegals' are white by the way. european.
so proud of this album is
love you baby, your energy gives me life in all the right places
michelle obama on "birther" controversy: "barack has answered those questions ... by going high when they go low"
my president in 8 years folks! michelle obama! "you only saw the surface haters!"
the great betty garrett!
thank you michael! ~ michele
if his name was john smith u wouldn't hear anything about where he was born.
if his name was john smith and he was born in england you would, idiot!
yeah, i think even something that wraps around your neck is better. the current airpods just look ridiculous.
depends on preference. the collar design may not suit everyone, whereas the current base design isn't far from normal buds
let me leave alicia alone before somebody instablog this.
lmfaooooo you aint shit for that gif
very cool! women making the food system better. thanks for sharing!
i expect to see you on this list in the very near future!
you woke up today and pushed on. that's a reason to smile.
hey erick! thank you so much for the inspiration today. absolutely; that's an incredible reason to smile. you are oh so loved!
any 2017 band requests - hit us here now!
bad suns, the nbhd, zella day, james bay, troye sivan, wolf alice, lany
truth hurts evidently! lmao and you don't have control over me
the truth is less than 30 % of "aa"'s live in areas you are describing,. ...trump lies, to scare people. get over it.
people ask me why i love twitter so much. i cover a sport that is under-covered. social media has been great tool for women's basketball.
most significant occurs slowly ,intergenerationally... is growing but it's a slow
tbh random booty isn't that important 2 me u know. would rather have a ride or die or all da candy
u right i damn near got a ride or die and she cool but being a hoe was hella tight before i met her
thinking about changing my name. let me know what you think
cause i always want it in the morning
looks like it's just the two of us pal
didn't quite get the tag there
bob don't ever say that about tracy kull san
ur not even lieing so i have no come back for this
100% mcfly!? what about "whos david?"!?!.
didn't mcfly go boring after second album?
poor email server, clinton fndation, health issues and now cutting into her lead
he is?! this guy could end up being the ralph nader for the gop. imagine if he drops out and gives votes to trump?
chilean mps call for boycott of visiting israeli delegation - via
great quote. visiting israeli mk: we won't let pro-palestinian lobby sabotage israel-chile ties.
trump will support the war he opposes, sell weapons to both sides, and claim personal victory no matter the outcome.
seems fairly accurate. to be honest the is most politicians... trump does a bad job of hiding it though.
sometimes true actions speak louder than words, can't manipulate me if i am not there. i am protecting my heart&amp;mental state when they didnt
get off twitter &amp; go take care of yourself stop reading tweets, i don't think u were portrayed wrong but u shouldn't be bullied
"who cares about it? let's fix the country." - on the birther debate
don't they get it we don't care about obama's birth place. over and done with.
so u were there the night i was on stage?
yes i saw when they pulled you out and you were saying outloud excitedly coaching yourself "omg yes i'm going to do this!"
real q: do i have some type of xl home screen on or is this just ios 10 and i have to accept it?
one of my top 5 fav albums &lt;3
why you always hating!!!
what's up dude huge fan of u
. actor james woods boycotting the nfl over colin kaepernick controversy m
watch movie concussion, even if u dont like will smith, true story. league treats players as commodity
let's be clear: just admitted that he peddled fake conspiracy theories to attack the integrity of .
of course. this was his strategy all along. he's even said it publicly: "any press, is good press."
honestly.... i don't remember taking this that's my house right???
yes your house warming lol
trying to watch but your link doesn't work
that's for the rsvp - the stream is at
one day out? dominate them fools tomorrow.
destroying everyone is on the agenda tomorrow
this may be an obtuse question, but how do you know which ones are nannies and which are moms?
by and large, the nannies are caribbean and the nannied kids are not (of course, there are exceptions)
seems fairly accurate. to be honest the is most politicians... trump does a bad job of hiding it though.
maybe because he never really faced consequences in his business ventures.
can't always trust the ones uou love
learn how to spell you
great, emogis. that clears it right up for me. lol
i'm still waiting for pauls bad edit hes the only one that had a house segment seems suspicious
today: baltimore, md - sep 16 at our daily bread
please play at bethel woods center for the art someday. site of woodstock in 1969. you have the vibe
my mate downloaded kodi on to my amazon
i'm out of it what's kodi
everything is ok... i just feel that they don't take a faster action
hmm where are ya from sis ?
there is literally no reason for odell to have under 120 yards and 2 tds this week
i'm starting eli this week so that better be the case
heavens no! i need you and alive and alert so i can share things like this. :-)
omg! omg! thomas you're coming in strong with your greatness of heels. we definitely love them! thank you.
racially freighted symbolism? reaching hard aren't you?
trying to be overly subtle. my mistake. sorry.
if u don't understand whats racist about it that's your problem.
tell me obot, what is a racist?
no because you're linking, in a sense. you're changing the url (or you should be).
sorry a little confused. a spa without a router? can you provide an example?
waits it's 1080?
1080p quality
wait headass?
i just tweeted an article
mine too omg my friend told me about it today! so magical!!!
i secretly love planetariums and go by myself all the time so this was right up my alley.
being really real, i wish y'all cared more about trans folks, women, and gender nonconforming folks than problematic white women.
and non-binary folx (not all non-binary folx are gender nonconforming). but yes.
thank you for making my point,
also, reminds me of this:
when starbucks first knew my order was when i first felt at home here
starbucks never knew my order
clinton's '08 campaign chief says they didn't start the birther movement
i am sure this just another lie that her hacks in the liberal media will promote to protect her and secure the next handout.
lol no, but i really should be sponsored by them or at least get free coupons because i'm there 24/7
lmao you must be the only person there
and you shepard look at it too before you continue to talk bs
shepard smith was foaming at the mouth. i loved it.
fire stick so much stuff on there mate
really i'm clueless what is it
this is pick me thread but it's still a1
nothing wrong with gettin chose lol
serious pro journos ignoring or dismissing former dc bureau chief for mcclatchy:
please send this to jenna lee on fox.
another one to block xd.
they still pathetic lol
youre hella gross if youre walking around w yesterdays makeup on
i h8 myself now bc i do that sometimes
trump goes after today: "the problem with mark, he is not smart enough to understand what we are doing."
well it's true, imo.
by and large, the nannies are caribbean and the nannied kids are not (of course, there are exceptions)
i guess tibetan nannies were/are popular too... learn something every day...
lets boycott obama too- all the way to prison
been trying to do that 4 last 8 yrs. congress won't cooperate
i really would love to see what a racist person would say to a native american if they choose to sit out the anthem
there was already one, a student. her teacher tried to fail her
the best thing about not having a facebook is that it means i also can't have tinder.
but honestly the world is craving pjs tinder stories
a 911 caller stated that a man robbed someone at gunpoint. a man. is a small child. a child.
yet ryan lochte is a 'kid.' at age 31. that's how whiteness works.
u2 bro ntx week you'll g vs
correct first 7 games tough for us
illegal immigrant activist who says mexicans aren't rapists is arrested for rape
you can't make this stuff up!
pshhhhh ef all that sleep stuff
haha you need sleep fam arent you competing in a few hrs?
thanks for shout out on air today....and for not being distracted during my riveting back to school night presentation!
you are my daughter's favorite. you have inspired her. thanks for bringing so much passion and energy for the topic matter
now we're talkin! i got the green situation covered, you wanna invite some more heads?
how's it going my green smokeable party mate?
but the center-right has no incentive to support hillary. if she wins, the left will just laugh at us &amp; go back to calling us racists.
i've used this before-this has pretty much been hillary's outreach to gop.
historians may record this as the moment donald trump won the election.
, fallon should have just interviewed trump's body double. h/t:
guess you haven't heard of certificated copies?
, where is the original, come on now, how did they get signatures on it
besides, if anything, the clinton camp was more polished than any of the republicans and knew some boundaries.
but the staffers in question weren't remotely the first to use xenophobic rhetoric against obama, so no "genesis" there.
actually, why call it 3rei when you could call it iiilya
maybe sans serif fonts were a bad idea
that's not your picture? do you live in the usa?
the divisiveness of people by color is shameful. there's no color, call me white or black, i show u what those colors are
yo did shockzy get the pizza
tell the truth
now just hoping it happens soon
seriously tho hopefully is soon &lt;3
just pay yourself. boom. value. added.
i spend money every day, surely that is an indicator of something?
u2 bro ntx week you'll g vs
jets have hardest schedule in league
this morning, trump once again said multiple falsehoods about his position on the war in iraq, now citing hannity:
glad trump could throw in a compliment to sean hannity "who is a great guy by the way." maria kind of reminds me of sean.
if his name was john smith u wouldn't hear anything about where he was born.
i'm sorry, what is a racist? someone who supports legal immigration? you idiot! lol!
again, this is a different debate, but i disagree. "reset" was the right policy in 2009.
undermining georgia, poland, ukraine was a poor choice.
it's in my new book due out next year. title: who needs carrots when you have sticks. (a new treatise for managers)
the third reich? dark intentions of public schooling //
looks like tiffany's blue.
yup. custom job. dm me if you want the name of the company.
did you see her? experience the movie critics call "terrifying"- is now playing.
waitin for this movie
idgi the entire carmilla season was uploaded at once right?
there's still act ii &amp; iii to go. sept 29 for act ii
reid fires back at trump for mocking the accident that partially blinded him:
this guy spends his stupid life taking shots at trump but as soon as trump takes one at him he cries just like a little girl.
that's about right.. imagine what we're going to learn when he leaves office
oh yeah, but will media expose him?
john kasich tells nbc that it's "very, very" unlikely he votes for trump, saying "country first."
we should respectfully ask that, out of "country first", actively help us defeat trump in ohio.
video from margarita island. gov supporters set up stands around non aligned movement site. via
how much were they paid? one chicken or two?
dude it's so hard to educate someone when they don't know anything. she said it on the commander in chief forum.
educate me. oh by the way it's "guess" not "geuss". spell check is your friend.
i already quit ur band like 8 times man
and yet you keep showing up.
that's not your picture? do you live in the usa?
there are shades in our colors, to say someone is white or black is repulsive and stupid. plain stupid.
one of the most despicable anti-american leftists in congress is .
pokemon did you mother ever tell you you will poke your eye out senator reid? :)
love 's thoughts from her stay at ' the merchant! so much more than ghosts/witches.
nice. needed a new hotel to try in boston. grown weary of the large chain at the harbor
eating mokasarat is so stressful because you really only want the cashews but all the other nuts are in the way
nah the cashews are
central park does not suck.
it certainly doesn't suck all the d's
i need that immediately haha
we three can be neat dudes please!!!
anything to see you smile
always and forever!
"it's been a while" - staind the whole way.
you are everything.
chael is a great interview because the goalposts are always moving. you can't pin him down for more than a sentence.
he's a carnie through and through!
and from bloomberg: the democratic roots of the birther movement
barack obama was born in hawaii. he's an american. his father was a guy named frank marshall davis, also an american
shane red def showed me a part of a megadeth song that guns up ripped off, i think that's it
i texted him just now. will report back when he wakes up.
as i was podcasting with an aide handed her note saying she was just locked out of debates. vowed to swamp hofstra w/ protests.
no chance. colleges have public wifi networks that will incapacitate her 25 protesters or whatever.
i live next to one and work from home lol my sidewalk is lit
i am afraid of then
yeah, i spelled it like that bc that's how people say it, and it looks funny. weejee is funny to me.
i always have one out for display
although long term i think that space on union and east ave would be better served as dense development with street level retail / food
here's some more renderings of what it may look like:
what trump just did is a disgrace.
hey bitch michelle her self says "home country is kenya"
dude it's so hard to educate someone when they don't know anything. she said it on the commander in chief forum.
and no she didn't. 11 hours before congress re: benghazi. did she say it there??
i live next to one and work from home lol my sidewalk is lit
i am afraid of them
looking forward to ! look for and april kyle's session on scf's
so glad you're here doug!
wow... i hope that teacher gets fired
facts. &amp; ppl were saying she should get out of the country
this guy spends his stupid life taking shots at trump but as soon as trump takes one at him he cries just like a little girl.
or is it like nancy pelosi, the other dinosaur in washington. and i thought they were large and extinct.
caring about people doesn't make you soft. makes you the toughest fucker in the room. and i take no offense- thanks!
agree, but am i the only one who's confused?
when the auditions tho? lol
no it will be available for stream on netflix
i need that immediately haha
oh wait that's some furry level shit on that shirt. it's so good
oh what the fuck
yea &amp; i think oct 6 for act iii, not 100% sure.
how do you sleep at night?, after he and his supporters have called you ignorant, classless, only worth is picking cotton
he never said that. what about the once that called you "super predator", someone without conscience, bringing u to heels
not quite, but almost
bet, i'll send a selfie and your final product will b my avi.
jumped off my bed in excitement and hit my head really hard on the fan.
this has me dying
how is that a problem when she looks that good? :)
wow classy tweet
no, no, no. i refused to treat this complete duplicity and complete lack of morals as normal nor comparable to an avg politician
okay, valid. maybe i'm just more jaded about our political system...
with all due respect to your guests, , dismissing "kelly's heroes" just because clint eastwood is in it is a tad ignorant. :)
how about instead of "ignorant", we go with "short-sighted" (no offense to the nearsighted)
you know who else ate ranch? crota.
if i wanted ranch, i would buy a horse.
1.4 billion people and they're unable to organise themselves any better than this. sad...
eh? busiest consulate in sf for very understandable reasons. as efficient as can be based on demand. better organized than us dmv.
day 16: gloria fajardo. there's no one like her. my muse, my goddess, she is an undeniable force...
saw oyf last night but missed u backstage! u were wonderful as always! &amp; the show is still awesome. hope 2 c u next time!
it's tonight right?!?! ppl keep telling me to come
i think bingo is tonight and auction is tomorrow??? i could b wrong for tho
mode media used to be worth $1b. now it's shutting down.
glad i didn't go work for them last year!
mandatory minimum passing distances to protect cyclists have been recommended in parliament. in
most aussie cycle lanes are in parked-car-door-danger zones too. they need to be designed better.
gr8 to see at the anchor desk at ! keep up the good work
thanks, ! and thank you for watching
when you delete things the data is often still there but hidden.
absolutely, politicians must have it as first lesson. hammer works quite well. first layer images 100% good.
downstein def has the best food plus all-day waffle station
you can also get all day breakfast at upstein at over easy!
xb1/ps4 7pm et free entry $10 prize 2v2 snd 1nd click here
need 1 ps4 use skype and don't have an ego
when the auditions tho? lol
i think the casting is already done
i keep forgetting i'm going to chicago tomorrow. any recs appreciated.
rec: don't wear this outfit
in passionate rebuke, michelle obama rips trump for years of birtherism
this from the racist first lady who hates whitey!!!
so, ur saying hrc has political ptsd? get well soon!
has affected all of us for far too long. just let the woman rest!
calls trump proponent of "birther lie" have you always called it a lie jake or is this new? i don't remember this before.
in half hour of tv cruising this am i heard trump called a liar 9x.
factory 2 u
is this true or you just playing me cus you're team rfk lol
meek got the spitters bruh. idk why he didn't rip drake like he should have
i'm not even gonna argue with that. meek got the heat
i am in so much pain. let me sleep over so that i don't become the hunchback of notre dame.
you need to get a massage @ my place on union. also, wanna go mattress shopping?
this was my experience with going on anti-anxiety medication. it was stunning. like taking off a 50# weight vest and realizing i could jump.
fears that i *knew* were irrational but couldn't get past before: gone. the inconceivable became oh hey why not.
when all the undergrads think we're too old
we are old/washed up
she dismissed people who support her opponent as unimportant people, horrible people actually
which accurately depicts a good % of trump voters. the only issue she had was giving it an actual number.
hillary: 'when you hear a presidential candidate spewing bigotry and hate, it's easy to ge...
thats all you do is spew bigotry and hate. your whole campaign is based on it
i've been chilling fuck u mean?
don't talk to my gf like that
repeat: obama is an alien!-muslim obama wasborn inkenya
sep 26 debate is: politician/establ hillary vs america!!!
ooh, is also quite curious!
we release ghe versions quarterly and typically have a feature freeze for... i think a couple weeks or so before
thinking about getting eyelash extensions, thoughts??
once you start you'll never stop , it's an investment! what i tell all my clients lol
the country will "not" tolerate michelle obama or hillary clinton. blood will run in streets. a lot of it. some of it theirs.
i just tagged the and others. this is not acceptable.
grand theft auto but where you're a googler trying to find a gbike after lunch
knocking someone off a bike to get to a meeting on time
sho?? cashews are life
it's all about the seasoned almonds
what's really galling is that today, once again, donald trump used a racist conspiracy theory to boost his political and personal fortunes.
the media knew that the event was being held at his new hotel so why is everyone scratching their heads. same as scotland! no?
i get dressed up to get a coffee so they don't make fun of me :/
i definitely dress nicer the months they're in session
live on : the
** the tower, pt. 2
too bad he was a businessman who was asked for his opinion. try to stick to an argument little man
great. then he should remain a (lousy, bankrupt) businessman. not presidential. and how 'bout those taxes? what's in em?? hmmm.....
as a kings\raiders fan that went thru dis with the kings, i have no faith in mark davis
that is my point. i don't trust he won't move them to vegas. and i'm okay with it. not juiced. just ok.
i'm excited to buy fall clothes soon!!! i have nothing warm and it does snow in this new state xd.
i can't wait until fall, my favorite season
really glad i'm not the only one to describe it as a "hell hole"
don't worry, the cookies are still the same
do your colleagues eat at their desks? wear heels too high? or wear a cheap suit? how to spot common colleagues.
another privileged white man trying to women's fashion and workplace etiquette. gtfo
there are lots of great writers left! and are still going to hold down
glad to hear that jaya is still there :)
"feeling good about ourselves isn't ultimately something we can bring about through professional or economic achievements alone: in huge
parts, it's going to be about coming to terms with ourselves; the result of understanding our past and the dynamics of shame, conditionality
wait, really?
huh. would you look at that.
wow kidd is tweeting? must be the weekend.
you know it. checking out your schlemiel's radio program b.
wonderful news!!!! congrats, emily!!! love your beautiful book so much.
thank you, my wonderful, dear friend.
wow, i guess hillary's memory is so bad, she forgot that her campaign started the movement.
do your homework you looked foolish.
parts, it's going to be about coming to terms with ourselves; the result of understanding our past and the dynamics of shame, conditionality
and humiliation that might lie there."
sorry i meant i live next to an entire high school
no no i understood, stuff of nightmares
i wonder if using _.map instead of array would make a diff in the lodash uses (some engines have really optimized array)
hmmm i should try that too. was trying to limit the comparison to the cloning
watch: john kasich says the chance he votes for donald trump is "miniscule." the interview airs sunday on .
i guess the establishment is so scared that i can see this fraud vote for fidel.
it hasn't even been 24 hours you professional victim. christ.
stop whining
a night on the london eye with the apple of my eye ! watch our new video, link in bio!
love .. love .. love! x
(having my own brood of adorable animals might be cheating)
that is a ridiculously cute photo
me and glenn out and about
glenn looks great
up at park ave south &amp; with my by some great new instructors!...
hello harely
to physically abuse your partner is a form of sexual violence so pls enlighten me on who are you to monopolize the moral highground on this?
i'm so done with it!!!!! seriously can't express how pissed off this thread is making me
yay! congrats, emily! &lt;3
thanks, breeana! i'm thrilled!
sun's out, guns out today's workout attire supplied by , love this tank!!!
*squeezes your arm, my hand shatters* nice.
i was the first to ever get u drunk lol
yes yes i remember lol we gotta do it again somebody
bombshell: 'washington post' confirms hillary clinton started the birther movement - ... is everyone stupid?
so, i was right. i keep fighting to remind people of the truth. cc:
ugh. ok. reality isn't real. thanks for the enlightening
if your snark is all you got, guess you got nothing else.
real stans will remember her a+ suey park interview
you've got to check out those prachi deep cuts.
nyc peeps! best happy hour in upper west side / central park area? or restaurants with outdoor seating??
the boat house in central park is great for cocktails outside. no happy hour but it's worth hanging out outside
victor and paul both had them. victor was recently i think
yeah why not anyone else hasn't people seen the bad in them i have on the feeds victor not as bad only under paul
side-by-side with the original it's looks insane, crazy how much better all the effects are
great i loved the original
yep! pre-sales started yesterday at amazon, best buy, b&amp;h and fry's and pre-sales on start 9/22.
is the pre sale cost still 699.99?
the capacity of a little word like "he" or "she" to hurt a person can be hard to grasp if you've never had to question your own identity.
train yourself to think before you speak. it's a skill that will serve you in innumerable ways. mindfulness and empathy in all things.
know your candidate ?
easy fix, just post the video of her saying so. ......weak
ml system really good at recognizing faces despite pixelation, blurring.
this means the end of cow privacy:
i hate when people need to drink or smoke when hanging out like can you not function sober ? lol
i'm not saying i don't imbibe or smoke but i don't need to.. just to have a good time
fedex finally arrived... my co-workers will be so happy.
i'm waiting for fedex!
nyc peeps! best happy hour in upper west side / central park area? or restaurants with outdoor seating??
super cheap spot is jakes dilemma for happy hour (more a dive bar)
do you mean shelby sells
lmao she was not the shelby i was initially referencing but now that u bring it up yes i wish was here too
last week of september, and we're in a nice area you racist
i can't be racist, i hate everybody!
after chiefing dutchies for the longest, swishers taste absolutely disgusting. lol.
only exception; green sweets. and only if the dutches are stale or just not there lol
please read all about vin diesel's plan to bring back paul walker's character in my new ebook "vin noooooooooooooo."
*clicks pre-order so hard my finger breaks*
my niece is so cute i was supposed to get her ready for school this morning and she comes in my room already dressed w/an outfit she chose
she just came in with a hairbrush and a bow so i could do her hair she like just turned 3 lol
we had little kids both before and after the arrival of smartphones. a strange cusp to occupy.
i can't imagine parenting without *flashback to my mom w/10 ft phone cord wrapped thrice around the kitchen island*
trump claims hillary clinton started birther controversy
add "wrongly" to your title
artwork by irene sheri fantastic day everyone.
fabulous illustration. thank you ceci.
israel has bombed syria as well. they control syria? us built a landing strip in the country, ru couldn't stop
i agree it's complicated. the us landing strip was built in the ypg-stolen land and ru won't bomb there
garber predicts long wait for nycfc stadium, credits city for rise in rbny - - by
will never pay to build a sss. they have a . plays in a sss only if it is free.
media deserves bullying hitler speeches are studied by many historians,including me
a fellow fascist i see
this is so cute!
she's the cutie-est
lmao nah that's beast
i just realized the 6 and the 1 are running. i gotta travel to either end and take a local train just because i wanna go out
friday: + join live on !
. i do hope bill lets you talk this time.
first name that came to mind was carlos. idk how good it is.
idk i was going for traditionally female names at first but carlos ain't bad
so hcg is 34. was so close. so i'm not allowed to try again this month. really really upset, but looking at this in some other way to cope.
"fake it to make it," but its lies you tell yourself to get through another 28 days.
i'm actually going to oakland tonight for a concert
oh nice! well hit me up tomorrow if you're around, plan on going up in the morning and spending the day
i'm so done with it!!!!! seriously can't express how pissed off this thread is making me
apple pie : america :: victim blaming : vassar
i'm not a fan of the collar design either honestly. i just expect apple to have figured out a more malleable design by now
been thinking about istas apple pushing standards. bluetooth headphones w. audio computing that don't look dorky is a feat tbh!
are you gonna do it? what are the odds?
it'd probably blow my brains out... can odds be played via twitter?
for years, told a mean-spirited lie. now, weeks before an election, he is trying to take it back.
its the fools that believed him and those that followed him, they got punk'd
hillary desperately dredging up the past because she has nothing to offer us for the future.
tells the truth.....
"your phone's blowing up" "yeah, haha trying to lock in weekend plans" *looks at phone* "delivered: your amazon package of paper towels..."
thought this was gonna be a samsung galaxy joke.
if you're going to write an article, at least reach out to the person you're quoting to get it right. what is this!?
ugh, that sucks. where was that?
then you a hoe
ok man but who are u
letting everyone know that my confidant just tweeted something. follow him unless you aren't ironic or something.
thanking every 5
touch amore is like the only band that i haven't seen and it makes me sad!!! my boyfriend saw them twice without me!!!
i saw them a hella long time ago with seahaven and it was one of the best shows i've seen
the gang and their shenanigans
the gang trying to get their lives together
it's because he lies, a lot.
but they get really mad when the media doesn't even in tweets
today's tournaments 2v2 snd 1nd 9pm est $10 payout 4v4 snd 1nd 10pm est signups: rt's appreciated
need 3 for the 4v4 use skype and don't have an ego
the most underrated part about this is somebody had to have saved these seats given they're front row in bleachers.
maybe they sent those fans to their suite?
arch rivals afc north is like a battlefield
same in the east
it really shouldn't be.
im so crushed. was gonna suggest the black hog boys hit it up but i cant get in
fears that i *knew* were irrational but couldn't get past before: gone. the inconceivable became oh hey why not.
every technique i'd learned in talk therapy that had resulted in barely coping before suddenly started working &amp; became a superpower.
how pay-to-play works: 1. trump faces possible investigation 2. trump gives $$ to ag 3. investigation never happens
hillary clinton (uber) (lift)
i thought they didn't come out until october?
that's the jkoe
sanders: don't vote third-party for president
and why not? you had disqualified crooked lying hillary and i am sure you don't like trump since he pushes for freedom &amp; prosperity
my new york colleague payed a lot of money to the best data recovery people in the us - to no avail.
reformatting the disk can cause mumble jumble problem and needs expert. new solid state ones cannot be recovered
every technique i'd learned in talk therapy that had resulted in barely coping before suddenly started working &amp; became a superpower.
my only regret was the years i wasted not trying that approach because i was afraid the meds would "change me."
holy moly i love kings of leon. that's it, that's all i wanted yall to know.
your sex is on fire.
my brother and i both have job orientations today, so when we saw eachother getting ready we had to start quoting step brothers
"we're here to fuck shit up"
my latest! please read &amp; share! blaming bernie is dumb (calling out &amp; mojo)
remember when hrc said she was taking the gloves off w/ bern &amp; would "unite the party later"? good times
hateful met obama 2day to help him shove hillary clinton gold star ttp down our throats
my husband was right is an ass a sore loser, and not a true republican. tpp ohio hope u vt him out
voters think trump is an unqualified, reckless, bigot. and ... they don't seem to care.
my faith in the american people keeps increasing by the minute
not jealous of that ;)
at least it's a nice day! how's the biking going? crossed the border yet?
it's started!
does this count as ?
we agree. radical muslims must be defeated.
radical republicans you mean. angry white men are a bigger terror threat to our country than muslims.
you are literally the perfect microcosm of a hillary supporter. factless, reality denying sheep who yearn for a safe space
guess what? i'm not a hrc supporter, but i know a fraud when i see one and that's your guy. but you go on. enjoy your day.
i still wish teyana got to record a better quality of this. i loved her version more.
this fit her better than it did kelly.
oml the games coming out tomorrow on my birthday
u mean...tonight in a half an hour?
the danville one isnt ticketed.
so that means.. get there early because it's gonna be insane.... right?
my only regret was the years i wasted not trying that approach because i was afraid the meds would "change me."
protip: they did change me. ceej 2.0 is infinitely more fun to be than ceej 1.8, let me tell you.
he accused corey of being a "softy"
*clears throat* i doubt there's anything soft about corey
i wish a very happy birthday to my leader, my rehbar, my quaid, may allah bless you with all the happiness in the world.
i hope he comes back to pakistan zindabad
please identify this piece of art at
adolph gottlieb, crimson spinning, 1959.
historians will try to comprehend how cohort of allegedly intelligent journalists &amp; media people were conned for full year by vapid huckster
. you do have a way with words.
read donald trump's speech finally admitting president obama was born in the u.s.
use it for toilet paper.
i can imagine this game would be thrilling to play with my coworkers and just about no one else.
if it is both pleasing and educational then people will learn.
because i shouldn't only complain, , bus driver 6159 is fantastic.
good bus drivers are rare but amazing
i'm an animal fo'sho! if you're dumb enough to buy soda, you deserve to pay. the money goes to keep kids healthy. why stop that?
i dont drink soda,dont feel like getting overtaxed to benefit other people's kids. this is why i dont live in a socialist country
have some kind of political scandal
my drewniverse: the jared sutton story
the reset didn't undermine them. it was a right choice to engage w/russia. too bad putin chose different course.
he chose a different course long before 2009.
what is it with the far left wanting to normalize hijab wearing?
apologeticism masquerading as tolerance. i think they believe they are doing something to further public good.
zipcar is getting into the bikeshare game. there's a "flowering of interest and investment in bikeshare"
w00t! i would've done bikeshare in many cities if it wasn't for the sign-up process. but i have a zipcard!
i believe that's the main reason python is so popular among scientists.
i like the conciseness. but i also like smalltalk and apl so i'm probably not normal
i am going to keep tweeting til you decide to say letty fucking stop
you won't do it!
i'm an animal fo'sho! if you're dumb enough to buy soda, you deserve to pay. the money goes to keep kids healthy. why stop that?
but you go ahead and pay for everyone else if you want.
just how the show works. doesn't fit the story they wanna tell i guess
its awful for the good people that get crapped on over it
congress doesn't even know what's in the fcc's proposal.
you know, the contracts that competitors never signed but must obey, or else tv will wither? let's read those.
yea so lousy he only turned a few million into a few billion. wish i was that lousy. moron
prove it. show us the taxes. name calling is what you trumpers do when you are losing another argument.
need 3 for the 4v4 use skype and don't have an ego
its not even today
how i feel finding out today is ! who's got the best guac in ?
ha ha this is cute ! i want guac. now.
apologeticism masquerading as tolerance. i think they believe they are doing something to further public good.
instead, they are allowing oppression to spread.
. ammon bundy is such a well-armed, peace-loving chap.
ammon bundy reminds me of the high sparrow from the game of thrones.
who to start this week out of these 3 at wr2 snead evans or d.baldwin
start two... murray, baldwin, jennings. one at rb and one at flex. half point ppr
april should be higher on this list but otherwise it checks out.
but april is the cruelest month.
half of the dinn corporation coasters are now gone. do you miss any of them or no big loss?
mean streaks the only one i'd been on (as recently as last month). it was a solidly ok ride, never hated it, never loved it.
they is an unpaid volunteer who was immediately fired
would love to see a collection of all the times trump etc have ignored questionable stuff done by similar campaign-relateds.
where did you find this out?
it's a joke , sony calls their games 4k quality
if you or i stole the amount of money the big banks have stolen from working people in this country, we'd be in jail
absolutely. no convictions, only rewards. corruption is the order of the day. we need a champion.
why are people proud of their terrible alcohol habits
definitely not proud!
politifact has publicly endorsed you, hill. and even admits your campaign started it.
lol doesn't have the right to "admit it". &amp;he is a republican, didn't ever hear trump say it was for hrc. djt=coward
lmao good ol days
somewhere in the phillipinos
sadly, it's no longer online - it stopped in 2007. i've been debating finding a way to put it back in some form, if only for me.
aw, boo. i thought things on the internet were supposed to last forever? =d
streaming stuff and lots of choice
home theater station
this whore wants cock now!who is going to fuck my filthy hot wife
thats a lovely whore
hey! would you be interested/available to do some freelance with wines? gold/gold foil lettering? interested???
i don't take work solicitations over twitter, but feel free to email
how does this make kap more appealing to potential employers? what teams are gonna line up to bring him onboard now?
agree with you but don't think that's his point. point is 49ers now cant cut him.
i'm so close. maybe 20 miles from ca border. ready to be home!
awesome. i wanna hear about it! and we need to ride together sometime (after you recover a bit)
it's my birthday, i'm 22, and it feels like a normal day
happy bday boi
....yeah no. has unlimited data &amp; is one of the most affordable in the game.
i mean tmobile sucks wit service like absolutely sucks but they got these plans for dalow
they is an unpaid volunteer who was immediately fired
i can think of several times that trump and manafort would just say "i didn't hear the comments" so as to never disavow/fire ppl
meek annoying as fuck. why tf is he so damn sensitive? lol
he got a couple bangers but personality wise , i do not like him lol he really act like a damn female
i have one around here somewhere. used to put it out at halloween. you ever tried yours?
when i was younger. not with this one. i actually don't mess around with stuff like that. i'm very paranoid about that stuff
the highlight of my year ^_^ you meet sich wonderful people at the events!
now that's a great endorsement! :)
. good luck tonight!!!
you too coacher!
34', a-rated, sleeps six (but who would want to?) worthy of the great lakes.
beautiful, what's her name?
keep your eye on the overlaps. trolls + the misogynist shits of gamergate + straight-up nazis. and it's all swirling around trump.
it's almost as if there's a word for these people. d... de...depl.. i can't think of a word. ;)
come on dawg
i'm not saying he wasn't wrong
it's partnership. u dont throw them under the bus. accountability is both sony &amp; sean given "1st party" status.
yep , some fanboys won't except the truth
happy birthday princess love you so much hope you have the best day bitch
thanks love
1. do you like it? 2 does it turn devices on for you?
i do like it. i use it to listen to news and music and to entertain me with corny jokes. but i don't even know how to do .
see it: hillary loses her mind, goes on rampage after trump tricks media
you go donald. just showed the world how weak the hacks in the liberal media are.
it was his girlfriend for 2 years as a grown man, you are an animal.
and? does not mean someone is not racist. you're pretty clueless.
oof, yum! this looks great! what's in it?
it's was slamming had chicken
even during the week or on the weekend? it definitely looks pretty limited.
mid-week is definitely better! but if you can't find parking, you can go to taco bell beach, so it's a win-win.
finally got around to read your doc. i think your analysis is fantastic. i hope it reaches the right ears.
i posted less well developed feelings a month back about soothing mist being unintuitive.
separate loofah's! only way.
shh...don't tell him about loofahs &amp; body wash! i always get the body wash at hotels while he goes for the bar
yeah but i want norcalcs to see that post you have been commenting on. no easy way to do that
screenshot it and treat it like a photo
he's from philly
philly men are sensitive ?
it's a box of tech that gives you every tv an films bruv
that's awesome so same as apple tv
this is my big old boy walter. he just wanted to say hi.
omg he's so cute! i love him!!
i can think of several times that trump and manafort would just say "i didn't hear the comments" so as to never disavow/fire ppl
could make for an interesting contrast between how each candidate has dealt with the fringe problematic people supporting them.
this afternoon's tweet is brought to you by a woman who fell off the elliptical again this morning and blamed it on her thyroid.
, i use my elliptical for *other* things. h/t:
starbucks/prius-style elitist classism
yeah, that's a problem.
everything seems xtremely off
od like something is going on lol
i have plenty you just don't like facts. it's common with hillary supporters. also common is grammar nazi-ing typos w no facts
i've yet to see a "fact" from you. "nazi"? nice. you mean donnie junior? lol.
so depressing u believe to survive we have 2 b slaves of mediocre bureautwots. certainly can do better!
do you still believe you'll get 350m for the nhs?
sorry to hear it scrubbed today. are you sticking around for the next attempt?
nope! home to my babies. i'll have to try another time. per aspera ad astra
i don't love the references to god and "brotherhood" but yeah, i'd take it over the star spangled banner
yeah, those are the faults. but it's traditional, easier to sing, and has vastly better themes.
i know just sounds wild as hell lol
factual lots of racists and fowl people in the hall
hil-ar-ious. best moment ever when surprised on her bday.
happy birthday, sara haines!!
we are happy they brought you in too. love you sweet todd
so happy :)
love a press release with three exclamation points
so trump!!! very exclaim!!!
almost all the injured mets are back. duda, lagares, degrom. this is what happens when you sign a healer: tim tebow
you get matz back, i think that's literally everyone aside from walker and wright.
. so clinton should apologize for stuff she never said but trump shouldn't apologize for stuff he did say b/c she didn't say it first
6 corporations own 94% of all us media they allow trump to say anything he wants with relentless clinton attacks
loving hearing from laverne council about how the va can help vet patients more effectively
she rocks my socks. love it when she said 'i'm just on fire'
hmm are all turkish women so pretty!?
haha. only the real turkish women :)
ryu looks like a dad in this image
ryuu's the tired dad
what exactly did meek do?
i don't know lol
i checked into the hotel five hours ago and they said they would call when my room was ready...it's been 5 hours think they forgot about me?
i'm so ready to shower
im in franchise mode, so i started hack
might start one and do the same
why is kean involved with the nzfc-sino american association? investigating!
not liking it pass- strengthening friendship between usa and china (i like christian crosses and freedom)
ryu looks like a dad in this image
it's the sideburns
to be honest i was referring to the one that overheated, was fine, then pneumonia excuses
it's adorable how many of you think "nuh-uh, hillary is" is witty, or political insight, or something.
careful some days it gets pretty boring there.
don't get caught at the cafe either (:
the give me something hes said in the last year that would make you think hes racist, dated a black woman for 2 years
trumps company refused to rent to black tenants, called them welfare recipients. that's completely racist
yeah, me too
i was gifted a real children's coffin 2 years ago. i had it out for display. art started falling off the walls and breaking
must be interesting having to constantly update your reality like that.
seriously, all the lies they have to tell themselves. &amp; i stopped a month ago
also this came in the mail today *u* eeee so bad ass! i forgot who i bought this from but thank you!!
pretty sure it was :o
here you go. truly a moment of excellence in action.
you've done an extraordinary job reporting on the trump foundation. would you please turn some attention to bondi?
foreign central banks have cut their treasury holdings to the lowest since 2012.
while belgium, luxembourg, ireland, cayman and switzerland have loaded up. it's still a $13 trillion market and growing
you know i have to ask why not, right?
honestly just laziness i guess.
classically trained? never. she plays with the wrong fingers. she's talented but she's no vocalist
she may play with the wrong fingers but if you're playing chopin and mozart at age 7 and graduated from
what exactly did meek do?
i'm about to listen to the diss track tho
oh no! we will follow up with the restaurant!
thank you! :)
i get more and more excited !!
thank you love! appreciate all you do
chelsea rent boys vs liverpool mate
high priced free agents
i'm deadass in shambles rn. this edible has me pleading for forgiveness + begging god to pardon my soul.
update; the edible started to wear off around 11am + i am still on 1.
no meat soup.animals can sense death is near &amp; emits the toxic chemicals before/when dying.close ur eyes &amp; imagine death.
but gloria, lin is a big meat fan.
for sure! i'll probably be taking a break from biking for a while ;)
understandable. (though i bet the itch to get back out comes sooner than you think.)
trump injected himself into politics and built up his voter base with , full stop. he doesn't get to run away from his racism now
ironically though, i believe it's exactly his racism that has gotten him this far and inflated his deranged base.
., watch 's former manager confirming campaign coordinator started birther controversy.
an apology for being so stubborn .
what you mean "almost" ? who thinks of that?! she catching the slurp with haste
well i'm the one who thought of it but you can take credit tho
she's amazing
and seems her insights come from having done the hard earnest work of listening
i was gifted a real children's coffin 2 years ago. i had it out for display. art started falling off the walls and breaking
so once i removed it and pit in storage no weird things happened...... yeah.... i believe it all
knocking someone off a bike to get to a meeting on time
"not" voters: please send resumes to timburks at google dot com
watch: battle heats up between and on
trump should ignore this idiot. like the little shit in nk, he is only looking for attention
reading now. hoping that you'll post this online as html, too, not just a pdf :)
and we will reuse on the godan website if we can zara
is it packed
yeah bruh its a bit brazy right now
i fit in your suitcase
idk what kind of suitcase you think i own
i actually feel a little nauseous
liverpool games always give me a heart attack.
remember this one from 2011? via
yes i do! miss ya both
squeaky bed is good, actually
yes it's one of my favorite samples
. belongs in my house
in so many ways
mum looked at my marilyn manson tshirt and asked if he was a murderer
because a security person at the airport was proper questioning me so she thought that could be why
it originated with sid blumenthal so really you can blame hillary for the controversy.
not really! silly to even suggest! thanks for your "insight"!
some men just want to watch the world burn
who wrote that?
on behalf of all people who work to make good looking tv shows or movies, please turn off whatever "motion" software your tv came with.
i haven't experienced this yet. is this what you're referring to?
thanks to everyone who helped fight this terrible disease @ napa valley walk to end alzheimer's!
ty for spirited send off:thanks to everyone who helped fight this terrible disease together
black lawmakers rip donald trump as a "disgusting fraud" by
and hillary has been lying to us
we can say with great certainty that ' birthday surprise was a success!
yes, it was!! sara and paula really add life to the view!! it's to have a little levity in theses times!!
i'm not a fan of the collar design either honestly. i just expect apple to have figured out a more malleable design by now
been thinking about it as apple pushing standards. bluetooth earbuds w. audio computing is a real feat for mainstream markets.
he's working tomorrow
yeah but then
. um, latinx, like me, are black. you asking the wrong questions. arent you a media maker &amp; arent you writing? bye
asking why mainstream media isnt writing. why isnt more press coverage. is it by design? thats what im asking?
we need this, cc
bottles of whisky for everyone! cc/
we're here to help if something went off track, jarred!! hit us up in the dm so we can work our magic!! *nikosp
naa chill tmobile yall doing aiight right now give me some free data im running lowwwww
ellen and first lady michelle obama go to cvs via
you just made me smile and i so needed that!
tonorrow night in new york, we are playing all night with and in bad room.
when are you on?
there's always room for fireball!
i felt the same way at 9.30pm on wednesday. by 8am thursday i had a different pov.
i really wish twitter would bring up most popular replies from the thread before letting you write another one. "[14] people made this joke"
but at least 13 of those would not be (most) popular ;)
when trump tries to deflect blame for denying that was born in america, he is lying.
politifiction is all you've got? really? you act like we weren't here. we lived through the whole thing
haha tbh i am really very uncool but thank you &lt;3
[9,000 word medium post about how coolness is not a static condition but a process born of constant effort and yearning]
don't you love it when the msm look like fools. had to sit thru endorsements for trump and got nothing. no questions. gotchya! feels good
loved it
just saw the ad for this on fa :d
oh good! i was worried it wasn't up. thanks for letting me know!
wait a minute what does ymts room look like
it's honestly.... kind of depressing
i just finished binge watching all the twilight movies
i've never felt so accomplished
pin it to win it.
my board link is here: thanks!
cringeworthy and he was my favorite goonie
omg, i thought he died.
my dad who is from montana is currently being treated in nyc for mm. stem cell harvest started today.
eric is running for all mm patients - our thoughts are with your dad!
i read your tweet about changing plans thats why i decided to hang sunday i really wanna see you and im gonna be with my cuz
yeah...estef wants to return sunday before 6pm from vermont. i know!!! i want to see you too hang until the very next day.
training camp is 10 days away. i'm nervous about jennings.
why he coming off the bench , he will be just fine
yeah, it's when someone believes or thinks something that isn't supported by evidence.
i call those people "guesscrafters". feelycraft is pretty sweet too
new work by and i on challenges in agriculture has just been published!
and it just got a great name check at the high level forum
imagine, if you can, where sa would be in two years' time if jacob zuma remained in power?
- down the tubes!
hillary &amp; liberal msms look stupid played like a fiddle everyone knows her campaign started birther issue in 2008
i was so happy i was jumping up and down...wow did he stick it to them. she started that rumor to send off her campaign
kind words from a bay area legend. a great friday!
willie mays is a legend. i'm just a guy w/a big-mouth-know-it-all opinion, but thank you
really poor from in this half. an opposite to the first half.
had a feeling that this would happen, its like a trend with us.
i read your tweet about changing plans thats why i decided to hang sunday i really wanna see you and im gonna be with my cuz
that's why i asked what time.
ive always wanted to see these types of crowd reaction videos for one of my films.
i loved it. can't wait to take my niece to go see it later this weekend. she needs a good scare
how is bringing draft to life on twitter via
love the new beer cans
hey! you can find more info on offline listening with soundcloud go here: /c
took a look at that, but still wasn't sure. it seems like i can't save individual tracks. they need to be part of a playlist?
thank you toks, for the beautiful flowers
those are gorgeous!
gracias ! why you gotta roll your eyes at me though?
* you welcome love
woah. seriously??
as far as i can tell. my bose wired headphones no longer can control volume.
it was at this moment max knew he fucked up lol. it wasn't really that bad ppl xd
lmao its fine, we still love max ;-;
put the phone to your butt, it's a booty call.
i'm coming to bust nuts on all yall
wow! in statement, ndpp abrahams actually thanks jiba and mrwebi for 'upholding integrity of the institution as well as theirs'.
- eish.....these zuma appointees!
also my friend was on the call with pumphrey and i can't wait to read his story and you should be excited, too.
love this aztec love!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it does suck getting booted though.
good thing he had a meat cleaver in his pocket... you never know when you'll need one....
it's true, schedule is completed vs
plus pats 2 and seahawks
nic talking things out w/ rory-rory listening intently. so sweet.
was this today
"please reciprocate and go hard."
lmao. get ready for a lot of shares. but i'm not gonna tell you what i'm working on...
congrats, emily!
thanks, emily!!
this is the last time i take golfing...
wheeeee! i love golf!! let's do it again!
the iphone's packaging is frigging beautiful by the way. a perfect box where everything fits in just right with no extra garbage
no extra headphone jack eit-
i know im ready for this fight tomorrow night.. aaayyyeeee
your actually buying that fight?
happy birthday brody
gooodlookin bloood
i put 50lbs of caribou, plus three gory leg bones for the pups, in my chest freezer yesterday.
you have a freezer in your chest?! wow - must make for a cold heart. nyuk nyuk
botox and vodka
lol she's still ugly.
fucked up how we lose our looks when we age yet we dont lose our desire to feel attractive. even if not sexually anymore just aesthetically
so old people should get on the r/streetwear hype?
what makes this even worse from a ui perspective is that the card interface is not intuitively a scrolling interface
how do u do it tho asking for a friend
can you identify the nine dub actresses who voice the anonymous idol group in the latest episode of ?
wait, did you rally the love live sunshine cast?
some people say apple is doomed. what do you think has to say about that?
i think you misspelled "doooooooomed". nobody ever writes that apple is merely doomed. ;-)
i think i rather die than open up my laptop in class with porn playing full volume
i plug my headphones into my laptop before opening it in class every single time i don't know what will come on
i think he's the secret cure for depression
yeah k impossible to take things too srsly when u hear pov
trump and pence's courting of white supremacists isn't a game: it's normalizing racism. and it's deplorable.
trump has managed to bring out the best in the caucasians, rednecks with confederate flag and the kkk shows their face again
live on : phi phi o ' hara rampages om twitter
phi phi o' hara needs to go to bed she's been tweeting nonsense for 24 hours now.
jay, thanks for looping me in. david, i am a tax attorney with knowledge of this subject.
first, a disclaimer: the following is not legal or tax advice.
i concur we want alicia before the yelling above her range. i like her. i do but i'm not sure what's happening here
agreed i'm not sure either but i need butterflyz alicia keys back...asap..i'll even settle for diary alicia at the moment
never heard this mentioned - using wired headphones with an adapter on iphone 7 means volume controls or answering calls no longer works.
this is the worse part of the no headphone jack on the iphone 7 that no one is talking about
would or like to explain to me? i'm confused. entertained, but confused.
i believe the woods are manipulating your sense of reality. that tape was actually bait to get them into the woods
that awkward moment when you accidentally come across a house guest naked walking upstairs to your room
at my house that is perfectly normal, almost required.
i could live in thailand for a year for the same price as 1 months rent on a studio in williamsburg
that sounds tempting
no i am not sharing my guac
this is so adorable!
what if you're already a woman?
don't be sexist, of course you still get the woman.
yeah lol and you said you were going to the fafsa office lol
i did and you seen me when i was leaving too
stuck on this. ivanka isn't one of trump's goons. she's a sophisticated villain in the film. (5 tweets max, promise)
highly rec piece on ivanka
i've had this .mp1 quality track on repeat for the last 30 minutes. i'm so mad.
this beat is so stupid and yet here i am doing the chickenhead.
doctor google actually has major importance for many with undiagnosed chronic pain and mental illness. don't knock it.
so true. so true.
great job on an important story!
thank you so much for reading! hope you will pass it on!
a perfect symmetrical balance
where are my symmetrical camera bumps huh
my seat during was too high so when we were doing tap backs it was literally stabbing my assh
i think this is what meant by "ride dick bicycle"
nope, that's not entirely true, is it marius? you resigned because all your scandals have caught up with you.
- anc101.....never admit anything!
first, a disclaimer: the following is not legal or tax advice.
this use of funds is probably self-dealing under section 4941 of the code.
i'm on the board of a very small foundation, and the irs rules are very clear: you cannot give money to a charity if that gift benefits you.
you can, but you can only deduct the amount of contribution above any benefit to you.
hypothetical for today: now that trump supporters know that he's been lying to them for the last 5 years, will it change any of their minds?
the american people place no value on truthfulness, just look at the lies and deception the overlook from the clintons.. sad
ask a few of ur friends ive prob banged most of them
or you stay mad callin people hoes bc you can't get @ em..
is there any hope left for the tpp during the obama presidency? the president is going to try another appeal
we certainly hope so. yarn-forward provisions &amp; ability to source raw matls are important to our business.
regardless of where he was born, he was raised in pakistan in a muslim school. he wasn't imbued with the american culture.
. now i know you're a birther satirist if you comically construe a three week visit to pakistan at age 20 as being raised there.
wow. that's horrible.
the adapter is great. super small and convenient but doesn't seem to transfer those signals.
ohhh , i was about to fight you lmao
don't be rude, it's your birthday
eh, in defense of cabaret and against clickbait: what about carol burnett? kiki&amp;herb! all of our hit parade? bridget everett!
&amp; salty brine &amp; taylor mac and so many more! and in defense of conversations with artists: nobody's threatening cabaret.
tonight is we had a chat about the making of his album for :
you coming to the show?
would it matter to you? there are plenty of videos (your choice of medium, i reckon) of her saying things &amp; being contradicted.
lol, post it. i want to hear her saying it. ........there are plenty of trump. i don't recall him saying he was doing it for hrc.
important question, please advise: is the origins masking must haves set for sephora worth 500 points? do i need it??? v intrigued
those are all of our classics so if you like masks you totally should try
also flagged in numerous emails leaked. but that's a different discussion.
it is indeed. i appreciate the context. respectfully, this does seem like a classic case of false equivalence though.
harvey and wheeler...
eh wheeler hasn't been with the team all season. harvey is another one though.
&lt;3 i am beyond jazzed to let everyone know i'll be joining the amazing team as technical community manager
that's simply awesome! congrats!
we're here to help! question, comment, or concern? tweet at or contact us via 'help' in your app.
i am still waiting for a response to your unacceptable solution to my issue from last night
the bench don't mean nothing now?
we have a lot of guards he will be a role player
our rates change daily. our rates are only secured by reserving it. i'm sorry that our reply could not be a more favorable one.
i cut your card in half long ago. not an issue anymore. just warning consumers. dollar gets my business
you know who was a really great classical pianist? nina simone. she infused her music with that of bach, chopin, &amp; mozart.
i agree with you. alicia is no nina...but it's the truth. check out her rolling stone bio.
this use of funds is probably self-dealing under section 4941 of the code.
self-dealing results in taxes and a relatively significant penalty on both the fdn manager and the self-dealer.
in 8th yr of a democrat's presidency, the republican nominee announces to the press that the president was born in usa. are we in a movie?
was a ruse to inflate the racist demo to back him. he could care less about them, just votes.
just got the private beta invite yesterday, coincidentally! :) going to take a look soon
awesome! very interested in your feedback cc
any seats open,
yes, there are a few.
or you stay mad callin people hoes bc you can't get @ em..
also, (although untrue) why you bragging about the exact same thing you are criticizing
don't have one good item on their menu
cheetos chicken fries smh
fitz is pretty good lol
hows eric decker ah? lol
we are sorry to hear that. how much longer do you have to wear the boot? ^bt
3 to 6 weeks
is it me or can nobody win a game on overwatch right now? i swear everyone i team with is on this stupid long losing streak
that never happens to me. i always win.
it is indeed. i appreciate the context. respectfully, this does seem like a classic case of false equivalence though.
trump is the poster boy for birtherism, and still uses it. clinton is associated with people who are associated with it.
trump isn't answering anything.
when was his last real interview? he's really focusing on fox news &amp; useless cretins like jimmy fallon &amp; matt lauer.
having too much fun being big guy online.. go outside u scrub!
you just attacked me online....
self-dealing results in taxes and a relatively significant penalty on both the fdn manager and the self-dealer.
this is a bit different from traditional charities such as 501(c)(3) not for profit orgs.
you versus the guy told you not to worry about
he could have reached over and slapped trump and reversed his legacy!!!
its not easy, he's erratic affff, but he's usable b/c of his 95 arm strength
i've tried it i couldn't do it i just pick up random rookies and try it
remember: non-violent immigration &amp; drug law offenders make up 60% of the us prison population via
since 2000, over 55,000 manufacturing facilities have been shut down, yet the prison-industrial complex is thriving
happy early birthday sixty nine on sunday!
happy b'day but couldn't u skip this birthday and jump to 70?
how'd you find out he was sleeper? did he recognize you/your name?
saw my name on the iphone wait appt list
idk if you were going to class lol
i even asked you what you were doing and you said nothing just reading
cnn talking head actually just said that hillary has more stamina then a 20 year old. see how they lie!!!
perhaps there was too much hash in his brownies
update; the edible started to wear off around 11am + i am still on 1.
never take edibles if you have some serious unresolved issues w someone bcus you will end up in shambles.
hillary hates black people but she needs 93% of the black vote to win
it's important like you said that people know before they vote, which hillary are they getting.
i just bought tickets too
sept 21st ????
when u was uh white t nigga before u became uh fashionista lol
swear your little bro look older than you lol
a pigeon pooped on my neck and down the back of my favorite dress shirt. how's your day going?
the worst part is realizing there's nothing you can do. "yep, just gotta walk home with pigeon shit on me now."
its at 7,8 tomorrow btw
sweet. the train we're thinking of taking should get us in around 7
even in dress uniform, gen votel looks like he's about to incinerate you with his gaze
pretty sure he actually has that ability due to yellow sun.
look at that touch.
that first touch was so soft almost stuck to his boot
i just like that it brings unity is all. but i mean they are doing it in different ways so i don't really see it as a bad thing
it doesnt bring unity and it doesnt make a point. it's like the "alllivesmatter" of unspoken protesting.
donald trump and 'birtherism' we () got played.
so weak, .....post the video of her saying it, or the one of trump saying he was doing it for hrc............
her mattress on the floor?
hell nah lol she too fly for that
we need to talk about this... "call me, maybe?" (okay, bad reference)
i just dmed you
i'm fuckin dead i know he didn't i just thought it was cute
that's hella funny
new post: the authentic patient voice "support the journey from passive patient to patient leader"
hi annette. great blog. i'm going to quote it in a piece i'm writing tomorrow
let me waddle down there
you still look like a peanut
you giving players a pass already. bj not good enough to get passes.
yes he is a proven scorer , we also have randle if he not able to produce
jaymanlive's official flightlin3d release in just under an hour! (5:30 pm est)
official (beta) release lol
think adhoc and appstore profiles are different? they are the exact same except for the device list in adhoc
even the api and the apple developer portal won't tell you the difference, they are treated exactly the same
great time visiting with past members this morning. thank you tfd inc. for providing the food.
i'd be down for a cup of coffee for an old reserve. lol i'll even bring the olde tyme.
here's why you should boycott the nfl starting today...
only nj. nfl fans would say that. that's like taking your guns away. not going to happen
extrapolation of ml. everything is becoming "ai" you do with ml.
they are, but now we see ml becoming a platform for ai...
glad it worked for you. i didn't respond the same though and it took a geographical location change.
more sun? different weather? am curious!
or ya know wear the dungarees properly for maximum moe
he'd be super cute in those if just . wore them properly, my son,
one week since i have left the house. desperately looking forward to a trip to target this afternoon
yeah, i hear that pneumonia is debilitating... and a broken neck too?
perfection.
when a fifth grader gets it better than most adults.
required? :)
yes, my house is clothing prohibited.
was so amazing and sexy on !
sooooo amazing she's the best!!
trump is the poster boy for birtherism, and still uses it. clinton is associated with people who are associated with it.
it'd be disastrously wrong to claim that they're the same in this, or indeed in just about anything.
got one out of a dreamweavers cache last night.
you're dead to me.
i want eli to break the single game td record this week lol
interception *
thank you for all that you do to help our nation's veterans. you are appreciated.
thank you! it is an honor!
just upgraded my wireless router. why didn't i do this years ago?
not knowledgeable on tech stuff?
i think you need to do this
omg i love that color
you need to see my dude, his fade game
where at? hayward?
does cameron crowe have anything left to say?
other than continuing to apologize for casting emma stone in 'aloha'; follow up question: did anyone see 'aloha'?
as trump gains in chunks, dems now sounding like gop during primaries "wtf is going on and how is this happening?"
no. it's just regression to mean. look at where romney was this time in 2012
ive always wanted to see these types of crowd reaction videos for one of my films.
what did you do with all those extra stickman figures?! i want one so bad
i usually don't play lmao but i feel like playing tonight
let the games begin
if course blumenthal story is true. it explains why obama wh refused to allow his hiring.
its true. obama hated him with passion. powell email leaks also showed that the clintons never liked obama afterall
the guardian is one of the very few serious journalism outlets left - so this is an extra special bummer
everything commerce related is tied2 pre engineered wwide chapt11 at the bis david.the families r broke 43yrs hence. tell publ?
well i need to find me a real turkish woman in jersey! hope you have a great weekend yurda!
you have a great one as well and good luck :))
any chance dean spanos jumps into the las vegas race if san diego tax payers reject stadium vote?
sources tell me that chargers are a lock to move to oakland after raiders go to vegas. *moon is cheese
can we please go see this
of course princess
rob bonta &amp; nancy skinner both got big campaign contributions from the oakland police officers association this week
maybe the police have joined wellstone too?
former mcclatchy dc bureau chief tweeting that sid blumenthal pushed birther lie to him in 2008. asking for comment
who cares. trump pushed it relentlessly. clinton never did.
tax $s supply bombs &amp; ammunition to murder meanwhile much of your own people are in poverty
palestinians = child abusers
the game is really the male azealia banks. always starting shit. except he get punked like a bitch. durk herbed him his own city
young thug made him apologize to the world a day later. all lives matter head ass the game is a clown.
why are people up-in-arms about the new pokmon anime look? this is the freshest that show has looked in years. it really needed a revamp.
yeah im into it, the other recent ones looked like saturday morning cartoon rejects
the b2 super battle droid is a tank who punishes enemies that evade or damage its allies in .
release the fucking dlc you nimrods.
proven scorer? you know we talking about brandon jennings right?
yes he is more of a scorer than passer, he has averaged over 10 pts his whole career
you got it with ? cuz they fucked my order up rt : i been waiting for the mailman all day. anybody got they 7 yet?
as soon as i said that my doorbell rang. i got at&amp;t.
exposed and shook
haters will say it's photoshopped!!!!!
who else is going to arizona week 6?
damn y'all wanna fly across the country disappointed
nigga gmfu you the one from eg
lmfao cutty i don't live in eg nor have i ever
tax $s supply bombs &amp; ammunition to murder meanwhile much of your own people are in poverty
bill clinton on hamas. will kris now be a human shield for hamas.
if testers want to be part of planning and getting involved at the start they need to get a lot more comfortable with ambiguity
and be very patient...
peanut butter in chocolate.. gross!
you are missing out on one of the great joys in life!
its kinda blurry but still handsomeeee what did i do in my lifeeee haaaaaa
how does he exist
proven scorer? you know we talking about brandon jennings right?
u should be more worried about noah and rose
politifact is 100% for hillary.
i mean, they're 100% against trump, but it would be morally indefensible not to be 100% against trump.
good news: we have more shots bad news: we have less goals
we actually have less shots
so uh i got my first automatic vehicle last night. waiting for tax season so i can go back to grinding gears and smoking tires.
i mean banging gears and smoking tires * oops
...now what could this be?
me after being in the pool too long.
so within a 3 week time span i've wrecked my car and shattered my phone screen.....
if it makes you feel better i am in the same boat chica we'll win together
she doesn't have many of those, unless fundraisers are "clinton events" and donors are "surrogate speakers."
your surrogates are all bozos
outta here, taco bell level desperation
too expensive for me anyway
can someone tell me.. who thought it was a good idea for jim beckett to have champagne at wedding... he's an alcoholic
probably the same people who thought splitting up caskett was a good idea!
would read that
anyone but like or writing about cool is a devastating self own from which one could never recover
thanks, i see 2 news organizations worded one sentence differently. do you feel this is a useful sample size?
one example of the larger complaint about nprs (mis)handling of trump. i trust youre aware, even if you disagree.
a pickup truck just drove by with a a puppy in it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! how am i supposed to focus on anything now
how am i supposed to continue google translating every word in this fucking short story in italian i suck
thanks what court again
401st, on the 3rd floor.
but i got fonky hours at the elementary schools so those are really only like 1
oh okay that's still good tho
this is a bit different from traditional charities such as 501(c)(3) not for profit orgs.
one other thing to note is that the transaction may violate the fdn's governing docs - not sure of conseq's
nitwits are angry that a designer known for outrageous designs put dreadlocks on his models. deep and meaningful people.
pants and shirt, not dashiki? who's appropriating who?
we apologize for your experience and thank you for reaching out. we'll pass this on to management to address. ^be
would love to hear how you plan to specifically address this in employee training going forward.
.: "it's almost a surreal 21st century presidential election."
. certainly is john, especially when candidates like you don't honor their pledge
10 ppg makes him a proven scorer? you drinking?
i'm estimating i think he has averaged more than that before he got hurt
i rode the guggenheim's golden throne
oh, that's real tasteful.
should start doing clawbacks from the employees who were responsible for this situation,they may be able to raise several bill
don't forget about the 55 trillion; they're one derivatives accident away from bringing down the european union
fake your death
pls spread the rumor at the art book fair
works completely fine here
really? with non-apple headphones through the adapter?
why would i worry about rose?
he is always hurt
michelle is back &amp; kicking butt. "barack answered those questions by going high when they go low."
better vid. start it at 42:00 minutes in.
one other thing to note is that the transaction may violate the fdn's governing docs - not sure of conseq's
that is less a tax issue and more a corporate law issue. what can i say - i'm a one trick pony
dreading my trip there sunday. especially that apparently their fax machine isnt workin so they havent received my letter
most nerve racking moment of every year is walking up to cc counter hoping all the paperwork is in order. always a curveball
2015 mustang laid out with the roush r7 fascia from our aero kit!
looks pretty awesome guys! #
as someone who runs a nonprofit that the irs has denied 501(c)3 status to, this trump charity bullshit is making my blood boil.
irs has no fucking idea how to deal with nonprofits they consider tech-centric
but ikaros (the first solar sail ship) might be easier to spell if i have to call the coast guard.
yes, that's a good name.
when they go low, we go high
what a great speech in fairfax were you there?
when you double text and still get no reply
you are in no place to retweet this dub
have you ever heard of surrogates or willing media accomplices or plausible deniability?
familiar with the concept. that's a long walk to "hillary is personally responsible for the existence of birtherism."
we are way too ugly for that let's be real
speak for yourself, i looked so fuckable last night
lol - you are correct. it's a path filled with less adventures and surprises. perhaps we need a setup_random.x. :)
somehow i was expecting something like setup_lts.x :)
this isn't as funny or clever as this person thinks it is
i can respect the choreography, but i can't respect destiny.
poor guy. stay strong. i'm trying.
ok. i just got for us.
can i have a few dozen containers to build new affordable homes in oakland? ready to move fast to grow community
can't wait till they actually hit the market...
based on the result of this vote, i'll take a final call tomorrow night.
lucy-fur does not think this is a sound plan, &amp; she would like to remind you that cats are an evil menace!
three local groups holding food festivals/benefits next week
thanks for including !
new noir city has 's subscribe:
cannot wait. always a great read and beautiful to look at.
just had my first experience on the receiving end of and i must say, amy is amazing
make it the meeting maker for nanog/capacity/etc.
is anyone else having issues with this?
it looks like it does work. maybe something wrong with my adapter. oof
i know how are you liking sf?!
i love it! like everything's further &amp;there's always a commute involved but i've gotten used to it. i love this city so much!
what are you doing today
i have to study i have finals tomorrow
in brief statement on obama birther conspiracy, trump made 3 points: 1 was true, 2 were not.
no matter what..donny own the words. trump can't change it.
watch: michelle obama calling barack obama's home country is kenya..
you are officially out of your mind
hillary, it's our mission in life to see you pay for the damage you &amp; your husband have caused. we'll win in the end
just because he is evil doesn't make you paragon of virtue. it's not one or the other, both of you suck.
this ending is hilarious! girl thank you so much for sharing this brought a huge smile to my face! you look awesome!
thank you for the constant motivation
hi! thanks for following!
any time - and i agree about enjoying the journey! :)
even the api and the apple developer portal won't tell you the difference, they are treated exactly the same
this is only possible since the apple developer portal forces you to add at least one device when you select adhoc
call it out. step up. design thinking is not a one-hit solution. you have to change yourself to change the work.
there is a big gulf between understanding the process, and applying it to your cadence of meetings, tasks and practice
how many nights a week are you out?
but only if going to the ballpark counts as going out
what are you doing about stopping obama from giving away our internet to foreigners?
now what are you talking about.
have a safe trip to la my dude! i know you're gonna kill it out there! much love g
thanks g, much love!
"american commandos 'forced to run away' from us-backed syrian rebels" - oh dear.
hard to tell these days which ones are pentagon and which ones are langley
that quote about whatever he says being true was fucking chilling.
agreed. it's why they're out en masse today posting that hillary started all of this. never mind every news org saying other
fp touchdown, conte to haskins,
newtown to newtown connection love it
yes vanilla ice and other, true to the spirit of in and their history
omg throwback to the racist polls
i had a dream about acai bowls and the drake concert smh
i think i'm being haunted
i would sit snead. tough call. and thank you for listening
thanks for the response! if desean and jordy score more than willie i'm buying an indochino suit and signing up for blue apron
fred trump was a robe-wearing member of the kkk. inculcation of hate, contempt of "the other", began at an early age.
we're forced to use lunatic language because the subject at hand is the lunacy of a lunatic man in a position of power saying lunatic things
none of the modern internet's wonders will ever compare to the magic of kiss paper dolls
fortunately [for me when i'm stoned] there's
this is awesome! get it!
thank you!!!! i'm a tad bit excited!!
this is weird, why?
lost track of tweets. what's weird?
iggy made britneys career revive
lmfaoooo im dead
what's ctc?
contemplate then calculate. it's a routine that develops students abilities to create shortcuts. i can share materials with you
i would not be upset !
u corny lol stop talking too me
gary johnson is now the most popular 3rd party candidate to ever be excluded from a debate. is it fair? my column:
if johnson got into a debate his numbers would only go down. like they did in 2008
when i get back we're ordering pizza and chinese food bc im lost without it here
cant waitttt
they are supposed to be an impartial site. they are not.
no one anywhere is impartial about anything. they get the facts right on a given thing, or they don't.
last 2 years, rose has played more games than melo, kd and the list goes on. stop it fam.
that's not a lot of games
sadly, today was my last day at the daily dot. the dot has been very good to me, and i will miss my colleagues there.
thinking about you and thanking you for all of the support working together over the years. best in your future endeavors!
a soylent star is born
camera loves you
mom's not taking the whole "my kids have done drugs" thing very well
lmao you guys have to be pure
educate yourself, my friend. that's the point. hear's hoping you have a better weekend!
all i'm asking for is proof, and you can't provide that. have fun "educating" yourself. a vote vs hrc is a vote for trump.
that quote about whatever he says being true was fucking chilling.
which, of course they say that. he has them so distrustful of the media. he's their only source of info, now. it's bad.
do not act like a ps4 exclusive is a good then when you have just spat in the face of your psvita customers. how dare you?!
didn't that happen with gravity rush? saw something worth money then complained lack of sale after going to ps4
think ppl have the wrong idea&amp; overestimated our relationship.we barely saw eachother,really were just good friendsx
what??? but brashton was so cute
does trump know we all have access to the internet to look up the stuff he says or does he think he's the only one that has it?
pretty sure trump thinks he's literally the only human being in this universe
if you think the orange nazi party will do u any favors, you r an idiot u r cannon fodder. madam president
hillary clinton campaign manager admits 2008 birther link fuck you!
right on!
cuban is such an ass wipe.
hateful met obama 2day to help him shove hillary clinton gold star ttp down our throats
another loser get lost
and you wonder why you stay at 5%
this isn't the reason; the system on lockdown from democraps and repuglicans is.
idk how to work my phone, my ipad, or my macbook
i can teach you
pekoe and i will miss you :(
ima miss you and all of pekoe too
gonna be lit so i am ready to die
i'm gonna take e****y for the 1st time rip in pray
that quote about whatever he says being true was fucking chilling.
i'm getting a few in my mentions. no, basement dwelling virgin who hates women, i won't be responding to you.
british gq october issue
thank you for sharing this
i'm excited for our next with and 's james dwiggins on recruiting!
can't wait for this bite sized webinar. no fluff - just recruiting!
do it trump, you chickenshit.
what do you think his safe word would be?
media lined-up reporting on the obama birth place"issue"because hrc brought it up-hillary started it again-ha
she's desperate,that's why !
i'm looking at a lighting designer's macbook and she has worn down the keys so much they're just illegible dark grey smudges. it's awesome
the distressed jeans of theatre tech
trying his best and failing
he tries so hard and doesn't get very far ,
your facing stage 2 of henny symptoms.
lmao yo i drank it last weekend and god forbid you passed by me with out saying excuse me , i just wanted to fight
that would be amazing! involving them is also pretty helpful to get voters too.
well, educated voters yeah, but not the trumpish chunk for sure.
are moving high-a team from carolina to kissimmee, to the astros' longtime spring training complex
that's going to be a long bus ride to/from wilmington de..
wow. i haven't heard or thought of "turtles, all the way down." in ages and ages. needs more usage.
i've heard it used w/respect to president candidates and notion there are better versions we just can't see.
except there is no cadillac el dorado, and the steak knives are meant for something different if you disappoint.
i bet wells has made loans in 'rio rancho'
well hillary was supported by kkk during obama so that is just going to happen they are out there
that's not true at all!
ah yes. the 4 major food groups: tea, coffee, sugar, and hot chocolate. @ lock ness
caffeine, caffeine, sugar, and sugar
i heard the ez 8 on cedar
man don't get my hopes up tone
you try to select the best players &amp; they compete on a weekly basis for your "fantasy" team.
i vaguely remember some story about it not being a game of chance so it wasn't gambling
update: the hot boy i almost ran into twice sat next to me in class, &amp; gave me his number, i'm hanging out w/ him tonight
twitter peeps an update: first date went well hanging out with him again tonight i guess awkward situations can work out
read the press release, dumbass. it's all in there. including video.
did you? .....i didn't see trump one time raise this flag in hrc's honor, it was all about him and he has to eat this alone.
gotta go with lasagna tonight
my fav .
former mcclatchy dc bureau chief tweeting that sid blumenthal pushed birther lie to him in 2008. asking for comment
jake is right. this is it
did u get an a star on your maths a level
is my new fav hashtag
i low key love you for introducing me to alred hitchcock films and i think you should be a film major or minor. &lt;33
oh my god jenny this is cute as shit
the view of the washington monument from the bell tower of ! enjoy!!
stick to the hotel business. don't screw with government where you don't belong
i've yet be in the know about that, send me the info please
follow me so i can dm you the info!
bing bong, i'm back recapping the greatest show on television. this ep left me dead, rigermorris, girl!
the part where you explained the game as "putting on a wig and humping the air," tho. ::clapping emoji::
when are you coming back to nyc? i want you on my new show, a walk with walsh ( in central park )
say the word, jennifer! i'm always looking for an excuse to be in central park
yo my 1tb g drive that i've had for less than a year will not connect to my computer out of nowhere today
we're so sorry to hear the news!! also reach out to our team via
pretty sure iphone 7 package is 100% paper. apple working towards all paper packaging for all products.
paper phone would be impressive. unless samsung makes it.
we have a new single. it's called 'guys my age'. and it's out this tuesday. told ya we like surprises.
yes! i loved hearing this song live
jaws is the name of the monster
man is the real monster tho
what know about the breakout stars of netflix's 'stranger things'
the best cast i've seen in a long time!
beats pulled their endorsement from kaepernick. i can't support them
that's weird; i just see speculation that they might, but no confirmation, unless the story is buried?
mark cuban offers trump $10m for interview
the money can go to trump's favorite charity, "the trump foundation."
js conference drinking game: take a drink every time someone gives a shout-out to
rip in peace
check out author, entrepreneur, all around good guy.
u forgot wheelbarrow connoisseur!
on your anniversary, we wanted to say thank you for your loyalty. enjoy 500 bonus pts on us!
thank you!!!
let me explain: this is happening because police departments are jobs programs for unskilled white people
extremely accurate description.
&amp; thankfully you didn't...
we still have two more reels
oops. the more u know
my rose gold phone is named gypsy but as in "rose lee" tmyk
isn't it in the 25th?
there's multiple ones :)
hey - we just spotted you made it into this picture
that's awesome! thanks for pointing that out.
where did he work?
he was a manager at a sprint store.
what do you think is more impactful for someone who doesn't have a national spotlight?
well now the dynamics have changed. i think theyre about equally as effective.
omg i knew it!! i got a bad vibe from them and did not trust them! i met some! they were suspicious!!
you look suspicious!
roster breakdown by teams and nationalities.
roster breakdowns by teams:
congress investigating obama admin-funded campaign to unseat israeli pm
are you supporting gary johnson this cycle?
saw my pcp today. no cellulitis, thankfully; just a contusion. just no padding where i hit to soften the blow.
ah. good news! btdt. hope the contusion heals fast with minimal pain.
game made his move already
he made a diss song?
he was healthy last year. that's all that matters.
i just hope he can produce while he is here
proud of this...
exercising your american rights , i love it and i support your right to protest as you see fit.
young humpback whale washes up in sea isle city (sent from press of ac)
you were on the beach- you do this?
get out my mentions come back when you've met ya girl in person g. that's more important than tryna flex to a nigga who don't even like you
yall in love but never met in person fuck out my face wit that bullshit.
exclusive: hillary clinton campaign systematically overcharging poorest donors
such a thief
seems like city's other sss concern is not shedding fans if the location is far from yankee stadium.
yup. like seattle, their ground-share situation is a big part of their gate success
thanks! i will never forget that you made playing ghost recon with levar burton happen. it will always be a wonderful memory!
and it was totally my pleasure to fit you in there! that was pretty awesome to say the least and glad you enjoyed it!
there's some time travel shit in there, too.
yep. i really loved that. because the thought of getting lost in the woods is horrifying to me.
i have 11 pages of shitty apps i never use on my current iphone. i hate it. what's the best way to avoid that? how do you organize yours?
i keep one page. regular usage on top, then folders, then new stuff like games that'll be gone soon.
my nephew really been funny his whole life lol
the fact that he didn't care when he got caught though
i didn't mean to insult you, my brother-- believe whatever proof you see fit to do.
nothing a rando on the internet could say would insult me, , a vote for your conscience this year is a vote for trump.
what about enterprise account? have issues with those!
they are different, they don't contain devices, but have its own type as far as i know.
there doesn't see to be a theme to my picks. except maybe stuff that sucks
i was getting "video artists" for awhile. that was too weird for me.
:-) of course. nothing has been changed. and i still respect your opinions.
you are one of the last hacker twitter accounts i was still following. i'll stick to facebook and love
what about enterprise account? have issues with those!
what kind of problems?
rvp&gt;fabregas&gt;nasri..my hate in that order.
i don't blame them, wenger is weak and money hungry. he could've kept them against their will
back in sf. trying to process if i miss it. i think i only miss the dream and potential of the last 5 years. chicago really feels like home.
i'm exactly the opposite, between la and ny.
neat! learned im blocked from ga twitter! *shrugs*
i have no idea why they'd block you!? that's weird.
what date is your bday?
october 6th
yeah we need coupons to afford this place
have never had bk because of the high prices.
dems having a hard time accepting: a clear majority of white americans are aware of trump's racist/xenophobic comments and back him anyway
agree. they blame you, "the media" because it is better than facing how racist america actually is.
do those candidates have any shame? turtles seem like they would have some shame.
i believe yertle felt shame in the end, but it took a complete collapse.
omg these fembots are so annoying. or maybe this is a small echo of what it's like being a woman online?
how the heck are you going to fondle a link? c'mon, think before you post, spammers!
never was on that creative rec wave, thankfully
maybe the worst shoes ever
iphone 7 on 's stream has been underwater for 4 hours and 40 minutes so far (hide the chat, as always)
omg i read the chat
he about to shock a lot of people.
hope so because he will be on the bench
also, if you haven't seen my blog yet for the ride:
oh, i hadn't! excited to catch up
lol well dolphins n bills aren't good teams
you have bills dolphins redskins
lol well dolphins n bills aren't good teams
and browns 2
am i or ? you tell me xxx
unbelievably sexy. you don't need makeup at all
my author page isn't letting me tag which is weird. this is an auto post from that. i'll try to remember.
thx. nervous about my novel
lol!! i love it!
:) it's kind of an in joke, i'm afraid.
breaking: coalition air strike kills isis it intern
. coalition air strike kills isis waste management supervisor
going for great. yay!
great fliers are entertained on their own.
not sure. pegulas aren't the type to demand that a head should roll. but i could be wrong. we'll never really know
eeeeh allegedly they told darcy to fire lindy.
vixen - august ames - vacation fun (yay! fans been waiting for a and rematch)
where is the girl who went to get the champagne while the cream pie was being delivered
i got a job at bath &amp; body works!
time for me to find a problematic tweet to send to your supervisor!!!
i have decided that i'm not attending the reunion. i don't feel the show, producers or host have the best intentions for me
no shade but it's not like phi phi o hara don't have a past of being nasty on
omg you're so beautiful and i think you're a nice actor. i can't wait to watch truth slash fiction. can u follow me please?
thank you, that's sweet of you done!
have any of the iphone 7 reviews put up raw photos yet? i'd like to get my hands on one to see how they behave in acorn.
here you go.
oh executive team: "f'k it, just use web views for everything, everybody uses...
who approved this?
thoughts on 's protest, soldiers &amp; first responders, &amp; the need for truth and grace. my latest blog:
very insightful, thought provoking, and hopefully something "food for thought" for all that read your blog
i adore my unborn child:)
i also adore how special aubrey is i hope your swing flips over abe
hrc got two gifts today: no gary johnson in debate and birtherism to turn out the base and get d's to come home (from johnson )
could johnson do the "right" thing so to speak ?
craving to go to people's homes
invite/ no invite it's okay
will there be a "fright tales 2"?
yes, the plan is to release fright tales 2 by the end of next summer 2017 :-)
speaking of dreams, you ever have lucid nightmares? they're kinda like scary movies you control in your mind while you sleep.
are you going to trap art tonight ?
i deadass thought you just buy batteries for them lmao
ps4 don't take batteries
lmaooo it was that joke bro
it wasn't a joke tho...
hmmmm, maybe you're right. the article i read said they already did. but the internet loves to lie, so...
yah, only thing i can pull up really is speculation and then him being told *not* to wear beats @ game
thank you! i appreciate it.
and again, my issue was resolved and i very much appreciate your service. :) happy customer.
lb's toe floof game is strong. almost too strong.
might want to trim that, in order to give him better traction when fleeing kiddo's unpredictable wrath. or not. whatever.
yng people are of election. when you disrspect president obama, youre disrespecting our people. -
president obama deserves to be respected .
the only thing better than the fact that it's friday, is my free meal from
you earned it good sir. hope to see ya again soon to start workin on that 2nd free one.
ok i upgraded to the new iphone so i can switch between the same 3 apps all day cool
say what you want about the headphone jack, but now you can finally listen to music and take a photo at the same time
despite rounds of downsizing, still have 100+ books. challenging self to pare down to 30 most essential.
are you moving? media mail was a cheap shipping option for me!
my baby 7 camera test.
does twitter do image compression?
why would you let go the love of your life?
why you did that?
what did i say
so many harambe references all at once
when has an nfl player ever acknowledged on the record a divide in the locker room during a season?
are you familiar with "false positives" grant? the fact that players more often keep conflict internal does not prove conflict.
focus. trump said: "hillary, during her failed 2008 campaign began..." now you're doing his cleanup for him, for what purpose?
deal with the bitter pill.
did you know that this year we an official charity partner of the ?
we'll introduce you to some members of -first up is steph hollingsworth!
my, my. the liberals are extra triggered today.
aww... and you and your so called conservatives are bleeding extra thick today. plug it up, buttboy! lmao
oh my, sexy~
maybe you should visit and see for yourself. :)
hillary's dad was a ....? where do we go with this juvenile bullshit?
. may 1927 fred trump was one of seven "berobed" kkk marchers arrested in queens for disorderly conduct
the trump folks would have a stronger case for the hillary-started-birther if they could find one example of her ever saying it.
are we so credulous to believe sidney blumenthal was "going rogue"? this is where "fact-checking" becomes fact obscuring.
it was either this or get a tan. but since i'm in an office...
you did the correct thing- i floated on a raft for 2 hours in my pool- amazing how strong that sun still is!! not much time left!
yeah scarlet witch is the best in the game dude
yeah i only have a 3 star but she is good i want a four star love all your vids man they great
george clooney reveals he might have more in common with conservatives than he'd ever imagined
really i find very hard to believe!
it was, but just the shock/feeling of being accused of being a racist hurts. feelsbadman.
so people forget that you have black friends whom you stream with constantly ppl need to stop with the mob mentality
omg you it's the new niall! i love youuuu
haha, thanks!
there is probably a good article to be written critically analyzing &amp; criticizing vox. this is not even close to it.
the whole thing reeks of axe-grinding. best way to critique would be in the vox style -- thorough, well-researched, empirical
snap poll: which poster should get framed for the office?
rock the vote
i love how you play the victim, yet you're still talking shit and lying on alyssa even after the show.
she's been having a full meltdown on twitter for 24 hours, it's not like she doesn't have a past of being a nasty person.
dusting off al gore to scare the millennials away from third parties today, ha. tell you what, al: don't pick lieberman
how did i forget the lieberman pick? ugh.
we can't believe our has nearly 2 million views on youtube! anyone seen it on tv?
congrats on the ad!! so cool!!
textbook definition of 'pot calling the kettle'.
looking in the mirror
i'm thinking about rice and sleep
this would be a great twitter bio
ig probably did, because i edited the photo in ig (no filter though).
ig for sure does compression. for an image based service that's hateful af.
kinda sad gaga got a nose job, like do you girl, be you. but honestly it's none of my business do whatever you want gaga
ugh especially after all these years of complaining about execs who told her she'd need one to make it in pop music
both got old 24 hours after each event happened. now it's all bloody juvenile
exactly. there are more important things to be worried about.
but the clinton camp to claim clean hands is an insult to everyone and factually wrong. also hypocritical.
let me try and articulate my frustration here, because it's relevant to a lot about this election. there's a pattern.
pmi (private mortgage insurance) is a massive scam. it's an insurance policy you have to pay for, but don't benefit from.
it's not insurance for the borrower, and not described as such. how is that a scam? (i hate it, too.)
so people forget that you have black friends whom you stream with constantly ppl need to stop with the mob mentality
as far as i'm concerned being a black man you good. hood pass not revoked.
doug frobel looks like he's seen a lot of shit for a rookie.
i totally thought that was adam driver at first.
let's have a chat ! go to the link-
will i be graded on this? im sorry im terribly busy
she'll do more than trump and you know it
a lot more corruption and people getting killed sure.
i think around 10pm tonight, have to do it late. we will make sure to have it uploaded to itunes right after too
send me the link. i will be there
never confirming isn't a good strategy bec then (non-spam) site owners don't know what to fix &amp; you lose too
no need to fix anything for nothing's broken. if there's something they can act on we do say it (e.g. mobile)
my twitter picture went up one april fools day + never came down. its from college, which is so last century (literally) keep or change?
funny. never clicked on it and figured it was from a movie
did you know that this year we an official charity partner of the ?
we'll introduce you to some members of -first up is steph hollingsworth!
chilling with my local .
dolphins were awesome on 70s n 80s
that was the past
im the only one that manages to get her license and has to renew it the same year :(
it happen to me few years back i feel your pain
this whole time i thought the warriors were playing riot fest but nope, it's "worriers"
i would have flown out
we are all longing for news
and we especially like news about matt.
on saturday oct 8th we'll have a workshop on getting published for aspiring writers with . for more details
bring your best questions, i'll be gentle.
just saw my fourth grade teacher in stop n shop and omg wow tb to happiness
not only did i see mrs lucie but the weeknd made a surprise guest appearance
let me try and articulate my frustration here, because it's relevant to a lot about this election. there's a pattern.
trump says or does something legitimately and obviously awful, like selling "where's the birth certificate?" t-shirts.
lower ball toss so he could get more pop on serv
can you explain why he would get more power that way?
just want it known that and are beautiful and kind hearted people for telling me about this
let me know if you need more spots on the agenda!
donald trump finally told the truth about barack obama's birth-and then he lied some more
don't care if he's from mars. congress needs to pass a bill sending the anti american obama's out of the us permanently
its supposed to be a fart
i figured but is it like a series about farting ,,, i'm ?
what do folks think of this?
wait, they paid oracle $240m, oracle didn't deliver, and oracle is giving them $25m plus some licenses? uh. uhhhhh. uhhhhhhh.
again see how immature you are. do you really believe that is me? explain to me how making fun of looks is political. lolol
it's an accurate depiction of the archetypal sjw i see at political events. too close for comfort??
whoever wrote this is retarded
i don't see what the point is either
2nd day with
is that sf? if so which vendor? looks
i remember 7th grade
every day is 7th grade.
a mother walked into hello bklyn today asking if her son can sit inside the restaurant for 30 minutes everyday till his bus arrived.
bruh that made me tear. i could see my mom doing that.
had uh attitude he got caught lol
cut his drinking time short lol
yes this, play girls in cars
reading more, gic seems to have some very strong removal options too:
rex- "certainly the defense has to improve there's no doubt about it. but to me this is the move that made the most sense."
more lip service
they claim to be honest....they are not! just like msm they are pushing for hrc. we need unbiased journalism!
there is no such thing as unbiased journalism. the quest for that gives us disingenuous milquetoast nonsense.
omfg i be in tears yo what tf happened
we don't know what the hell happened but it was soooooo funny
i'm stunned. what a disappointment.
sadly, i'm not surprised. she has vocal support from mothers of the movement, so they turned on hrc.
everyone when you lit tonight make sure to save nelly, don't worry those tracks still bump
country grammar and hot in here
lmao drake liked my selfie on ig this day 2 years ago
and i saved the evidence bc you got hacked lmao
been stuck in this car for 2 hours and i'm hungry, tired, and my bladder is going to explode.
that's foreign. your bladder lasts about 10 hours.
we're here for you. what happens when you restart your iphone?
when i restart (takes a long time to restart the phone now!) it works for a few hours, and then happens again...
what do folks think of this?
"look, to make it up to you here's a license to our db. sorry you don't have any apps to run on it, i feel kinda responsible."
. i literally have unsubscribed a half a dozen times in the past week. the worst and i am an alum
yikes, they keep pulling you back into the list?
has it been confirmed mate?
it's a joke , it's 720p but 1080p quality as it's not native. sony says pro is 4k quality , what a turnaround
if every feminist in nyc is at brooklyn book party for , who's watching the island?
haha just saw this. it was like the feminist's version of galt's gulch.
michelle obama is at my school right now and i'm napping
go print out the adoption papers and run to her cami run
are you going with people? if not lets doube dateeeeee!
i totally would but i am goin w michael &amp; his family. they r really nice tho, so you guys r more than welcome 2 come along
bills offensive not so bad, dolphins defensive is very good they played pretty well against seahawks
seattle no more beast mode wilson hrt
how are you becoming the best you this school year? follow and tweet us to win a macbook air!
always have a great attitude &amp; plenty of rest
; lisa, do they sell those at publix, i'm in sarasota, or do i need to order them?
hey dan! be sure to check out our store locator on our website
thought you wanted to defeat trump?! where hv u been? not campaigning for hillary. shameful bernie. suck it up. u lost. b w/her
mr sanders has nothing to be ashamed of. if you're not supporting the democrats then shame on you.
right there with you. but it's "new" so the three-app experience is "enhanced"
the home button is weird, too
how in the hell will it help anyone if we give control of the internet up to the chinese or russians
come out an do the humboldt redwoods 1/2 and full marathon. october 16 @ humboldt redwoods national park. run under the canopy
oh. guess i be dealing with xbox niggas lol
might as well get you a man with an android
your sense of humor is cringeworthy. i bet even the transgender whores you hire hate your jokes.
ok einstein have a great night hitting on the gals at the applebee's near your mobile home home!
i would like 2 lightly touch on the next subject : lady gigi's disregard toward my well-being &amp; sanity
why would she premiere her music vid during the premiere of scream queens ??? why??? a day b4 the 2nd episode of ahs ???? she wnts 2 kill me
i've been on to rajiv / chopper / hallahan / mcauliffe for a while
we know mccauliffe is already under investigation.
hateful met obama 2day to help him shove hillary clinton gold star ttp down our throats
he's an ass.
he slammed his coaster onto the table and said, "i have no further questions, your honor."
thank you for delivering us this series of tweets i loved them
my work forgot to make me a paycheck...
you know you can make them give you double pay for that lol.
i dont even know i turned around and she was just hanging like that
she was like "let me be a spider/ spy today"
thanks for the heads up and for being a good samaritan. we'll get the team out straight away.
update: found an issue with the dock you reported. work order has been placed, and it should be repaired shortly. thanks again.
trump says or does something legitimately and obviously awful, like selling "where's the birth certificate?" t-shirts.
we point out that a clinton affiliate did something somewhat related and legitimately shady, but by no means equivalent.
what entire product segment are your referring too? and are you willing to disclose your donor's information?
vapor products and their users. sponsors are on our website.
's message is a sham
i think it's time america knows who this guy is. looked on his website site, no detailed plans.
'91 -'99 democrat clinton peace &amp; prosperity '00 -'08 republican bush war &amp; the great recession '09 -'16 democrat obama peace &amp; prosperity
no prosperity for blacks. peace? orlando, bakersfield dallas etc.. benghazi, boston.
slander is the only way i know how to show love. i'm a broken man
amazing write up
probably but trump would be worse
why did you agree with me? do you want people to be killed? that's fucked up my dude.
part time for awhile. virtual friend meet up where sit in opposite corners and tweet each other?
lmk if there's an extra corner for me to lurk and tweet from
it's a completely different language for me
i'm about to watch videos and get inspired
gov. encourages 's est. 9,000 uninsured vets to look into health coverage through expanded medicaid
va ought to be providing a solution here, in my opinion.
"utilize" is the worst word in the english language
omg what if you're right
because it does not exist.
many ppl say that. they stop me and say "ken, there's nothing to dispute what a pos trump is." amazing.
is it going to cost
only 30 robux
. thank you guys so much for the quick turn around and the interactive debugging session. you guys rock.
we &lt;3 very much.
and ?? yesssss, thank you.
that and track tho...
hey, , my firsts guests checked in last thursday, checked out tuesday, and the payment is still pending. what's up!? help.
welcome to the
just walked outside and i've never been more certain that september is the best month
year-over-year, best month in nyc. confirmed.
russell wilson is an awesome qb
ankle hurt worst then expected
this post is for anyone who's been through it, going through it &amp; got through it. stay up, blessed &amp; positive.
thanks joy! i needed this. blessings to you.
sup betch
what's good
why would she premiere her music vid during the premiere of scream queens ??? why??? a day b4 the 2nd episode of ahs ???? she wnts 2 kill me
why would she release her album on oct 21st ??? 2 days b4 my baptism @ kanye's concert ???? enough let me live
thanks to my top interactors! via
yw and thank you!
ok, open office hours. ask me anything about the news, startups, tech, your personal life. 10 minutes. go.
will capital punishment ever re-emerge as a credible issue in presidential politics, or we just gon' keep killin' folks?
i think that's a charity auction. :)
so what you're saying is that money could be used to buy a 6 foot portrait of the flying spaghetti monster?
i kno this might be weird,but as someone who has been yelled at by shaant just know how fierce i think u r 4 doing what you did
this isn't weird at all it's actually really nice im sorry about whatever happened w u +him he is a terrible human being!!!
watching for the first time and really looking forward to all the dated websploitation references.
within the first few minutes, "zero cool" is forbidden by court order from owning a "touch-tone phone." man, that takes me back
just found out that this sweet little dog took jamaal in the second. he's fine.
you've seen this: right?
one good thing out of racist donald trump's live press con job this morning is it shamed the networks into covering the full cbc response.
i wish tv wasn't making so much money of trump tv ... this free press is why he's winning
dude it was so fucking funny omg
watching her start to panic was honestly hilarious so lucky she was buckled in
the videos do help. but i had to watch the same one three times.
will prob be me
calls a "human leech" on senate floor
harry is the leach. he's overpaid, gets two months vacation, does nothing &amp; holds on to the job like the pope.
is it new? i still see a headphone jack...
shhhhh no one will notice
both of you
bizarre love triangle.
we point out that a clinton affiliate did something somewhat related and legitimately shady, but by no means equivalent.
the story then becomes "both of them are bad," which misses the point and helps trump, while accomplishing nothing else.
negotiations come up
lastly, looking at
who is playing lb for liverpool in this game anyway
wasn't that lallana?
y'all go follow bro and show some love!
thanks bro bro
i'd agree, but it's obv cuba &amp; sarah are the better actors....so... idk
i like the set up its very id channel. but i agree sara, cuba &amp; angela r the better actors &amp; getting paid more.
mean prefect!
lol remember when you banned all the bathrooms and sinks and forgot
road trip road trip road trip! spx here we come!
be safe driving and have fun!
painting avatars and waffles today. come hang out &lt;3
can i make that waffle my avatar? because waffles.
omg yasssss i need to post the gif of my parents learning how to use a gif booth
ok that's cute.
dancing in the street - without music - really shows the power of music and sound design
omg, watched that. hilarious.
tfw a 70yo lady says "nice shirt!" and you're wearing this
stop appropriating, daddy.
i'm not a bystander for domestic violence, child neglect , rape or prostitution of young girls.
well i don't support prostitution period , but the trafficking of young girls is getting completely outta hand
honestly same i just want all the crossover eps, i'm on ep 4-5, it's cute i'm hoping it picks up. flash felt slow at the start to
true true. both of their pilots went 0-100 real quick though which is pretty cool. we don't need long intros in 2016
lastly, looking at
recruiting patterns 3/4
life goal: find a way to make money by making other people great.
my direct messages would work, but here you go!
hope jimmy fallon sleeps well on his trump-bribe millions knowing he may have just f*cked over his country. what an absolute idiot.
are you brain damaged?
e.g. "where are you from?" -&gt; "i was born in sri lanka", "sri lanka, during the civil war", "i was conceived in the middle of a warzone"
take it to an extreme! -&gt; "the atoms that constitute my body were forged in the hellfires of supernovae."
(not but a sect) leading since its creation are : steel of land.
your lies rebuked study finds no evidence of khazar origin 4 ashkenazi jews
despite the demonization, trump represents the fiscal conservative and the don't tell me what to do components most americans want
and they like hearing a message defending status quo of white supremacy. find combo of comfort &amp; exhilaration.
there were way too many dudes but last night was still hella fun lmao
sry for shitty quality haha
gotta take care of a few things first..
dude it's tomorrow?congratulations! i'm so happy for you fam
that's a lie, they can build on russell right away, bali is an issue ..
if that's the case why isn't the russell one approved already?
recruiting patterns 3/4
5 star athletes want 2
seriously. can anyone explain blockchain health data paradise to me? (1/2)
blockchain: - doesn't store big data - unnecessary for integrity or privacy - can't delete ...authenticity? is that the big win?
ooo! looks like that one is out on demand! didn't realize that!
required viewing
recognizing israel as a state is betrayal to palestinian martyrs. their tribute is a "free palestine"
lol this coming from a guy who thinks jews were behind 9/11 and bin laden is innocent.
happy birthday gurrrrrrrrrllll
thanks sammy!
dress the part.
do you guys have the 49er color rush jerseys in yet?
that's what i heard, it's similar to the newer trackpads (also really weird)
did you get a new phone? it's not a 'real' button like the 6, uses haptic feedback which takes some getting used to
i'm checking out the first 5 minutes of now!
the things i do to legally consume
jake tapper just doing what he can to support mr trump.
republicans will say anything to muddy the waters. truly pathetic.
i could use a heavy dose. i'm sure i won't be able to stay away when the time comes, good bet to make :)
enjoy your weekend my friend. take a deep breath and get some r &amp; r.
lmfaoooo in honor of the dr parade
lmaooo top 5 top 5 top 5!
5 star athletes want 2
play in warm weather
ohh ok, wtf man. i found out what he said a few days before the show and i instantly got bummed
i felt weird about even going/supporting him in the first place&amp; now i'm even more mad that i wasted my time, so so disappointing
life is pretty weird
its ok man, lots of people are gay
- see you there!
will you though? never seen a boro supporter in sf
sameeee, i'm liable to be extremely unstable when paranoid bcus of bud. so i feel that on a deeply spiritual level.
i couldn't move and i closed my eyes and woke up panicking on the inside but the outside was just sitting fead.
people fighting to keep pot illegal are bankrolled mostly by the gambling, booze and pharmaceutical industries.
always have been. partnership for drug free amer. was 40% tobacco, 30% alcohol, 20% pharma, "donors"
wiz not reliable?
a wiz tweet? ahhh no
sent you a slack earlier but i rarely get those notifications, mind pinging me when you have a sec? thanks!
went to dm you but you don't follow me
what do you feel like eating ? lol
i really want some tacos
fintech is a woman's world via no
"ps finance and venture capital: also male-dominated. and you can't have fintech without them!" -the end of the story
against rams, i doubt it bro
i'm saying i don't think seattle is
bring anyone lol
nah but i told pears that i'll b in oc soooo we will see
craving some chipotle haha
i though you didn't eat that anymore lol
who's coming to the dropkick murphys irish festival tomorrow at bank of new hampshire pavilion in gilford, nh!!
sadly, we'll be 300 miles away, but will raise a glass (or three) from brooklyn. cheers!
it's always epic there, bro. put it in your list for your next trip back
i know it is...
show us the wall street transcripts, clinton foundation donors, and the actual health records and maybe we will talk
health records. that's a laugh. you mean like trump's doctor letter or the redacted info he gave dr. oz?? lofreaknl.
jr. says dad can't release taxes b/c it would raise too many questions. i'm starting to wish trump sr. had never released trump jr.
if only the mother of was pro-choice and had access to a legal abortion, none of this would be happening.
ok, open office hours. ask me anything about the news, startups, tech, your personal life. 10 minutes. go.
also, how bullshit is 's best sf pho list? no tu lan?! no shame... journalism is dead
when my break is almost over &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
hit the bathroom for 2 hours
quick question when u get off the plane at heathrow does a flashmob to "clocks" start and then u fall in love with a chimney sweep or nah
first hand experience. yas.
against rams, i doubt it bro
as good as people think they'll beat
your life is short. you have no clue when this ride will end. stay present and live fearlessly. - brenden dilley
hi truly inspiring! thanks! have a wonderful weekend!
thanks for the nod!
. yay! we are next fans :)
what! i thought u were like android is life type
not for me! crazy talk!
not everything is a .
literally no one understands the functionality of hashtags. just ask whatever idiot runs
against rams, i doubt it bro
rams though
on my watchlist, but since he's alive, doesn't move the needle as much.
i'm a massive fan of both docs
chile loves you, you are the new niall! you do excellent
thank you, lots of love back
wanna know wayne's secret weapon?
roger is wayne's secret weapon. he has a level of mechanical genius and of knowledge and experience unmatched! end of story.
god. everything in my country is horrible. sports are basically my only escape rn and there aren't enough of them to get far enough away
maybe i'll spend all weekend watching sports. and drinking beer. maybe when i resurface things will be better?
sorry for the trouble, dave - go to to find out more information.
that answers one question (when you dropped estimates) but doesn't help me get your routing bug fixed.
calm down, seattle
most seattle sign. ever.
airheads? or brazen hypocrites? cnn fears trump will treat press like saddam, omits their pro-saddam history in iraq
cnn is supporting obama's efforts to bring sharia law to georgia, the georgia mountain men have a lot of guns and have no fear.
this is only possible since the apple developer portal forces you to add at least one device when you select adhoc
want to convert an adhoc provisioning profile to an app store profile? just remove all devices and you're good
were so lucky to have at northgate! the best of the best!
i was impressed. i heard her describe her daily schedule, and i realized that i'm a slacker by comparison.
mama always keeping fred sanford's memory alive
i love this crew.......
always have been. partnership for drug free amer. was 40% tobacco, 30% alcohol, 20% pharma, "donors"
it was, and is still an advertising agency, not clinical in any way.
it was boring at first but i didn't realize it was building too greatness
smh, i was hooked when kyte got his ass smashed
it's a gorgeous place, no mistake. well worth a visit if you ever get the chance.
haven't been over seas yet. i still think it's strange people from over seas come here for a vacation
are you "up to something"? /cc
i guess you could say "it's getting hot in here" cc.
my icon is dressed as barry. b. benson, a character from the hit movie "the bee movie."
the "maybe" sign represents the the significance of human contact between barry and his human girlfriend.
sampling until 6 at town house liquors in montclair, nj! townhouseliquors . . . ....
these guys are good
trade also lowers the cost of goods for u.s. consumers.
. as if low cost goods for us consumers is the most important thing in the world
sometimes ewok babies just fly into your heart
how can i adopt this flying pup?
leftist homosexual josh barro worried donald trump has pulled together a 'reasonably competent' campaign
i think of you as a center-right homo.
the daily dot is currently laying off a bunch of people. at least 15, could b 30 by the time the dust clears.
statement from daily dot ceo nicholas white on today's layoffs:
great example of asking tough questions to both sides. here with a trump spox and a hillary surrogate:
wtf was that even? megyn asks this guy to respond to the discussion. he starts and she calls him a liar.
ask oakland
mark needs the stadium why would we ask oakland?
she looked really sad and then said 'i don't like gossip girl that much actually' so maybe we're even
i love both am i strange???
this is the unedited image.
looks better in a side by side comparison. very excited to use mine.
my spouse literally works for an open source crypto startup (keybase) and has used blockchain for his gittorrent project...
so if i don't get what the hell this is about, that probably says something.
you know you can make them give you double pay for that lol.
lol really? damn! i didn't know that. they already fixed it and gave me my check... well, at least now i know lol
here we go 6 hour drive podcast recs welcome
memory palace! beautiful narratives that happen to be true
lmao! you would quit the next day!
what why??? lol you have no faith in me
fintech is a woman's world via no
"ps finance and venture capital: also male-dominated. and you can't have fintech without them!" -the end of the story
i love seeing all your pictures they're cool af
thank you
83 with 72 pace according to spencers fut draft footage
liverpool are going to be a lot of fun to play with on ut
wow, carplay is the truth.
want! (what kind of car?)
the iphone jet black looks much much worse in person whereas regular black looks much better in person.
i got the regular black. *woot*
always when i drive past people so many people punch each other then i remember oh yeah i drive a punch buggy
welcome to my world.. best is when u see someone with the same color bug
where should i go if i don't want one?
twitter. you're already here.
lol i'll send some tacos to your house
okay soft tacos
efforts to kill off the cargo shorts unheeded by the american male
still going strong in the balkans too
one of my students got detention and as he was walking out said: "nah son, i gotta go, i gotta cop 2k17"
i woulda told you to go kill yourself too
how do they sound
sound is great and battery charge even better
maybe i'll spend all weekend watching sports. and drinking beer. maybe when i resurface things will be better?
ugh. sorry for being a downer. hey how do i deal with this crippling sense that everything in my life is terrible?
this bitch that cut my hair was so gd rude she didnt tell me her name and was like well ur ends are shot ugh i'm shouldn't have tipped her
dude theres someone who cuts hair in vander poel for like $10 just go to them next time
it's time! and are here!
horrible experience today at palo alto store waiting for my reservation to arrive still. 5 hours now !
actually, support for it is dying faster than inmates. i expect that trend to continue.
i just hope something gets done federally. state-wide moratoriums are a bit of a kick-the-can-down-the-road cop-out.
and now the campaign says the matter is closed.
false claim is your claim that it is false. hrc started birtherism...
having this debate with myself right now.
ima wait till next year for the iphone it hasn't impressed me yet
lol i hate when people too affectionate in public it's like do you really need to be too touchy feely?
girl yaaaaas i will grab on the booty in public, idc
sheila jackson lee my us rep. we stand beside you and condemn racism, hate and fear!
well said we meed more people to speak out like that
lmao nigga is crazy bro. this diss go hard though can't front
repo still top 5 diss songs of all time
show us the wall street transcripts, clinton foundation donors, and the actual health records and maybe we will talk
but sure. i think they both should give all the information about health, foundations &amp; public dealings. both and all.
hateful small met obama 2day 2help him shove hillary clinton gold star ttp down our throats
obviously, like hillary &amp; obama, he doesn't care about ohio jobs does he? trump cares about jobs &amp; the economy!
fintech is a woman's world via no
"ps finance and venture capital: also male-dominated. and you can't have fintech without them!" -the bottom of the article
trees are now leaving a clear message: summer is over, fall is here!
not here, just getting started with our summer :)
your life is not linear, it evolves through a constant process of improvisation. so what's your rsum in 140 characters - or less?
sculptor, architect, mystic, philosopher of language, phd student, anthropologist, designer, consultant, startup mentor, vc
there's dark chocolate, and then there's some kind of weird brown cheesefood?
i'm with mira. milk chocolate is just crud added to chocolate to dilute its goodness.
you are retarded. the united states has/still does use the gas chamber, but, but, but, holocaust. you believe what you want.
lol. i'll have to add that one to the list. or start a new list for jr, &amp; the creepy sis
looking forward to hearing how it goes! been interested in a few of their night classes but haven't pulled the trigger yet
i'll let you know how it goes. :) that's the schedule i'm on now.
not sure how or why i didn't quit after that night but i pretty much slacked off as much as i could afterward.
applauding this as a fellow former kmart employee.
lol really? damn! i didn't know that. they already fixed it and gave me my check... well, at least now i know lol
they probably fixed it fast because of that. it's highly illegal for them to forget about it lol.
such a great evening with my besties xx
happy for yall doing this walk
what you think about this?
c'mon man, don't get me started. it's friday lol
went from steel to aluminum?
still stainless steel, but black color.
can they even understand stewie in family guy?
nope. googled it
wish there was an sigh emoji
*a wtf soph
there's no evidence to suggest that this is true.
. actually there is, and you'll see it's more conclusive than the headline suggests.
. is eating. (using up these 81 gifs really quickly...)
58" flatfoot jump? 4.4 - 40 speed? thats elite physical tools and now the skills takin off
the only clear thing at milan now is that bacca is and will always be the least of our worries. if it wasnt for him we'd have no points.
obviously bacca can't carry us all season, but he'll most definitely decide multiple games for us. how often he does it depends on the rest
trying to come up with a blog name and the office is getting punchy: doc talk! the longest telegram! foia-eyes only! lacuna matata!
"eyes only" is good.
get a bigger office?
i'm hanging 20 of these. the posters in question just happen to be on opposite sides of the same page.
today, donald trump took 7 seconds to admit a conspiracy theory he nursed for 5 years was wrong.
tweet no. 10 is it? no one cares, katy....throw a tantrum but trump will be elected &amp; you will still not know why
gaming or whipping?
the second, of course. we could make it a game....
yes, it is loads of work. fun when it is nice weather.
loved meeting &amp; talking to the customers. also gratifying. best of luck. &amp; post pix!
the best part of living in nyc is being able to see one duane reade from another duane reade
have you watch "the night of"? i love every conversation about how unfortunate it is to have the name duane reade in nyc
don't forget to enter for a chance to win the autographed brooklyn remix uniform:
has someone won the autographed jersey yet?
damn nimbys, blocking all the new housing in oakland... oh, wait...
units appealed in 2016, to date: 1809
wtf was that even? megyn asks this guy to respond to the discussion. he starts and she calls him a liar.
it wasn't like she was asking him a question. she asked him to respond to a ranting katrina diversion.
thanks and . i needed this cup of coffee this morning!
that was a great epi.
and, who is interested in playing uconn in fb besides no one?
there is a fear circling college football that if you play a game at the rent you can't escape with a w
bc masculinity is fragile and men would rather live a bland ass unseasoned life than do what they actually like lol
but in 2006 when i told black girls i wore girl jeans i got shit
been waiting for this one. congrats on ! itunes: spotify:
i'm definitely going to get the album
. on : omw bound!
thx for visiting &amp; sharing, my friend.
i cant decide what i want to be for halloween so i think i'm going to wear one every day of the week of halloween.
this is living life to the fullest
it's not just about making noise. it's about gettng out the vote, donating, making phone calls, canvassing, working for hill
read my pinned post you'll see i agree. being loud is a means to an end. fight fire with fire!
thank you for sharing matt! :)
a pleasure jan :) i enjoyed this helpful article! hope you have a wonderful weekend!
i feel like we can't stress this enough
i have actually contemplating making this as a bumper sticker.
should spend $150 on the first edition of the scum manifesto?
it's behind glass
how is that game? someone was going to teach me how to play but it didn't work out.
was epic
i'm very good at it this is jane - can't use a razor tho, bowl cuts only
should jane give me a bowl cut (i have a job interview tuesday)
as they should. i hope they nail them to the wall. that poor child, damn.
i would want damages, but also require the stuff to have trainings on appropriate behavior. because...
chex out our collaboration with
my second favorite snack besides reeces snack mix
crazy but me too
oh man i was talking about it two days ago
they probably fixed it fast because of that. it's highly illegal for them to forget about it lol.
makes sense lol well, i'll definitely remember that for next time... if there is a next time
honestly just want an intelligent conversation with an intelligent shorty
i aint a shorty but im down
the brandy shade
you like that thing?
there's no mystery what links all these. birtherism is the symptom, not the diagnosis. 4/4
here's sarlin promoting another 'theory'....the first one was rubbish, the second one sophomoric..this 1? who cares
i'll have some thoughts on this shortly
if you're looking to the president to hold sway over major cultural trends, you're deluded.
as long as it is not disruptive, she is good to go. i don't like it either but it is what it is &amp; the teacher was wrong.
you're good to go
the brandy shade
jk but i'm not here for her shading my queen
some of my coworkers buy those tattoo deals you get off groupon.
is that a thing omg wtf
"always look for the silver lining and find the sunny side of life."
"always look for the silver lining and find the sunny side of life." for !
probably like 82 bro had an average season compared to the other cb's in that league
true, hopefully they look at current form
wtf was that even? megyn asks this guy to respond to the discussion. he starts and she calls him a liar.
and by the end katrina and megyn were laughing at him and calling him a liar. that's all that was.
and there are people who think airpods are the only way to listen to music on an iphone 7 sans the adapter. it's v weird
apple hasn't done a great job communicating that any bluetooth headphones will work, plus people are dumb.
thank you so much.
no problem!! now we can finally turn up legally &amp; buy alc
chex out our collaboration with
congrats on this collboration
i would want damages, but also require the stuff to have trainings on appropriate behavior. because...
...some school districts would calculate that it's worth it to them to get sued once in a while.
it's not looking good for you.
it's early days yet, my friend.
had to let everyone on fb know what was upppppp
lmfao the pig
over 800 emails and product order sheets
sounds dreadful. change it up sometimes
if you don't drink soda, then you won't pay the tax. even a goat understand that!
no. it's the principle of getting overtaxed. sf is wasting billions of dollars every year.
i don't want to be a teacher who signed me up for this shit
you did... you signed yourself up for it..
i'm at band rehearsal. thinkin tonight around 7:30pm est. come hang with us
you are one of my favorite entertainers so i am sorry i cannot hang with you tonight
my children are terrible nurses. aren't even turning down their usual level of chaos. my children are ungrateful
i will babysit
my miso game is too .
this predictive typing is too accurate.
oh my god legit the same thing happened to me i was so pissed
he was like "you may wanna pull your shirt over that" while pointing at my bra strap and i was like lol who do u think u are
what's that shit look when a boys real fat but dresses like he's skinny
everything's popping off payzod eye kull fosta
thanks for connecting and welcome!
sure check out my blog "minute with hill" blog
petition to put the word "woke" to rest since the bernie sanders people murdered it
absolutely!
dmv be playing games smh.. they probably caught on to what i was thinking lol
i got my license the same day i passed my road test and on my birthday and i had to renew it
what redacted info? he provided all normal lab cultures. hillary provided a damn doctors note likes she's in 4th grade hahahaha
you need to pay attention more carefully.even oz said he didn't offer all. when you c dr. borenstein's trump letter u get back 2 me
'washington post' confirms hillary clinton started the birther movement
this is a lie
so if i don't get what the hell this is about, that probably says something.
tangentially, if you want to see how blockchain magic can implode, check out dao debacle
chelsea 1-2 liverpool ft. thoughts on the game?
liverpool's attack is vicious. so much pace and so much depth
shut the fuck up
shutting the fuck up is number one on my list of things that won't happen anytime soon.
when you do your first combat tour let me know. i have 5 under my belt.
i think you are as full of shit as trump
...some school districts would calculate that it's worth it to them to get sued once in a while.
and you end up w/taxpayers getting fucked, funding being wasted, and no change.
smh they was overlooking me man
i made a pf averaging 25 &amp; 10 in college i got drafted 19th
just seen my second legal sea foods. what the fuck is up with d.c? is there some kind of terrifying sea food underground?
i think it's from boston? but yeah very silly name.
no. it's the principle of getting overtaxed. sf is wasting billions of dollars every year.
sf should stop over spending and use the money to take care of these kids
random survey that won't change my decision but i enjoy anyhow: how do you feel about fancy shorts/playsuits? like onesies with heels, haha.
fuck yeah! why not
photos from event w/.
thank u breakfast for supporters
have to say i fully support &amp; in their experiences. as a viewer i just want to see the creativity.
harsh critiques and interpersonal drama are dumb reasons to watch a show that offers so much real talent.
dmv be playing games smh.. they probably caught on to what i was thinking lol
and i work at tuckahoe lol
not if you are on death row in that state. but in general, criminal justice reform could be positive issue in next decade.
well said, thanks!
i haven't figured it out, i'm sad literally 100% of the time
looking at the news gives me anxiety attacks. my back hurts so bad i can barely walk. plus i'm just sad.
youre just an idiot arent you. youre a racist who loves to chill free speech. bite me ass wipe.
welcome to twitter mr. 50 followers. work on your english slang.
lol love hate relationship, it's complicated
like the relationship i have with tacos and carnitas lol
wtf was that even? megyn asks this guy to respond to the discussion. he starts and she calls him a liar.
strangely, even though katrina was actually lying, megyn just lets her rant.
what happens after i eat all the long ones
eat the rest with a fork
journalist can give their opinions...but when researching they should research with an open mind.
no argument there. by the time they write, through, i would hope they've developed a strong bias toward the truth.
anyway did you watch the hikki vid
yes i did i loved it. just as i thought nikki and shiina together are magic.
see john fail: kasich wants to burn down the gop | lifezette
don't worry...trump's elected will be our sweet reward...seeing these ppl stew in their juices will be so gratifying.
i've been listening to too many songs where i love the music and could take or leave the lyrics the lyrics should always come first
this is why rk is important to me, jenny lewis wrote intricate, heartfelt lyrics and then sang the shit out of them
i need to get myself one of these jobs
you too good for in n out
pick 18.6 , nyg () select te jeremy shockey |() otc.
sorry bro forgot to copy you on this pick
the "scribble" feature on the watch is really effective.
i write in all caps, which is awkward.
i though they were encoded with pkns-something-7 to ensure the profile hasn't been tempered with..?
security cms -d -i "path" :)
great parade in the villages- i love you all. we will . thank you for the incredible support-i will not forget!
these people must be suffering from dementia.
rebooted device? logged out, back in again? state's a bitch, and probably what's holding you back
yep, yep, and yep. i can sometimes get the services page to display. but it never goes past that... :(
that was a good ending.
glad we could grind it out in the end. promising start to the season.
no seriously, click the link. this is hilarious. it would be like if i tweeted: sky is red
many people do say that.
holy guacamole!
i actually did know this. random facts are us
this predictive typing is too accurate.
my grandmother: she had her thyroid removed around 60. been contemplating whether religion could provide psychological support.
i don't think that's the point &amp; won't fix healthcare, but they will help interoperability and sharing data
i dont buy the blockchain uptick. yes, fhir has a chance, but its bloated and doesnt get to the grammar of a spec.
anyway did you watch the hikki vid
i also think this is the best nikki has looked in like forever. she looks so sensual and mature.
so many great new jams! s/o jasonnolan
yaaaaaaaaaz
i hate not being able to play
please tell me this is a joke.
cause they are the ones screwing fans.
no! has mark even tired pulling in effort like he has in los angeles or vegas? dude just stop
twitter denied me verification again lmao idk what i have 2 do
- produce this mans ep so he can sell on itunes and get verified
gotta admit that i can't even get the wired apple headphones to stick in my ears! wish they fixed that first ;)
never could get it to stick it in my ear either one apple accessory that i never use
just checked snopes on it. there was a huge melee. he was taken in as were tons of others. charges dropped.
. examine facsimiles of the newspaper reports. fred trump's name is clearly listed as one of the 7 arrestees.
my grandmother: she had her thyroid removed around 60. been contemplating whether religion could provide psychological support.
and all i fucking talk about or will talk about is my thyroid atm.
while someone's iphone is hooked up to the speakers, which are playing sleater-kinney
on the corner of a neighborhood once shitty and poor. but now "bohemian" and "alive"
put in work tonight
got you bro
just got home a turned on game. i hope is being watched.
watched it on a ferry! nearly fell off!
i think it's a case of throwing "cool" tech at perceived problems. no solutions, just empty talk.
just add crispr! (actually crispr is very pretty versatile. distributed ledgers, not so much.)
oh, sweet! are they presenting stuff?
they tell me they are! one poster from kathy's lab, one from mine.
now trump getting free airtime for vets ad -- amazing how he games the cable and network people -- by saying he's making 'big announcement'
is it gaming them if they are eager to feature him?
i wanted ingram so i could be the hotline blingrams. but alas, twas not meant to be.
watcha sellin?
i got it bitches
omg im so proud
the nfl-like format actually isn't bad, but yes it's definitely too many teams at the moment.
in fact, the current playoff format gave us something that single table acolytes have been pining for: every spot matters
two cats are better than one
but with my cats you gotta keep 'em separated
happy to join , thanks glad i can be of service in making design serve a greater impact all around
they're lucky to have you.
general tip: if your date knows your dad has a drinking problem but you don't know what your date does for a living..youre talking too much
this is excellent advice thank you
i just ate so much pizza as a reward for making it through 4 hours of doctor's appointments
it was more like 3 hours but i rounded to 4 to make me feel better about the pizza
assholes meet your king
you just flip the cup and the plate over together and then just take out the money
cia, pentagon and president can all decide independently which group to support. this is separation of powers!
true and nutty.
addies down time to boss up
cop that w boyyyy
i'm fascinated to see what historians write about this era in america's political system.
*if* we even survive the election...
honored to be the first person ever to perform on the new stage! beautiful arena!
you are definitely one of my favorite singers so i am sorry for missing this
sorry for the trouble, dave - go to to find out more information.
. there's an address in sf that your app thinks is 6 miles away from the building across the street, so it costs $20 more.
donald trump finally told the truth about barack obama's birth-and then he lied some more
one lie always needs to be covered up with lot more lies.truth requires corage,not every body's cup of tea.
was your permit about to expire cause thats what happened to me
lmao yup it was going to expire
all luck in the world, i'm sure you will do a great job. i'm anxious.. x
thank you
i knowwwmiss u
miss you too my lil cherub :(
here we go 6 hour drive podcast recs welcome
i really like
this predictive typing is too accurate.
wish i edited it to only show the prediction tab.
i have goosebummps right now. i may end up taking a lap around the office to settle down.
that felt very good. second half wasn't great but exhilarating first 45 and a big 3 on the road at a good team.
and the redirect design is apparently more like: function wee() { throw 1; throw 2; }
i was more pointing out that it should be pretty apparent what mistake the dev made
i'm sorry shedding innocent blood is murder. i don't care if people say it's legal or not. it's wrong period.
are you pro death penalty?
good organizations do not fire coaches in the second week of the season
the bills mafia would only support a good organization, mister!
new addition
g1 group but never had a name any ideas
evan is pro-oligarchy &amp; republic destruction: the greedy establishment candidates always want more.
that's why i campaigned for sanders. but he lost. get over it and move forward. getting trump elected not the answer.
disappointed to miss jeffrey sachs' comments in their entirety. can get the transcript and post?
we really should do this soon. a powerful message
i hope i can see kass today
bad news bears.. /:
there is a dead bird stuck in a chute at trump's dc hotel. investigates.
. bet you it winds up on the menu. trump loves road kill.
you can take out of trust and safety, but you can't take the trust and safety out of .
it's &amp; not and
can we bring back boys taking girls on dates and opening the car door for them and bringing flowers for no reason
if we can bring back girls who appreciate it and don't say "he's too sweet now"
donald trump spent five years lying about 's citizenship. he can't just take that back.
will she take it back?
lmao delete this
you agreed with me senior year boy what's good
i almost feel bad for the people who were around me. last night was so magical
would have loved to be next to you
for general utility, range must get up to at least 500 miles - 250 miles with 15 minute recharge even better.
how does that square with the fact 90% of all car trips are &lt;10 miles? is the range fear overblown?
chopsticks nigga don't want to fuck up my nails
yasss deepthroat fries lmao
it's becoming too frequent. and it's very disheartening.
not good , what is the address .?
"ps finance and venture capital: also male-dominated. and you can't have fintech without them!" -the bottom of the article
and no one's trying to make fintech a "woman's world," just a better one. sheesh.
and then there is you
that is very sweet of you!
the indian govt will need to evolve countermeasures to mitigate and manage pakistani retaliation
hard fact neither muslims created pakistan nor ruling pakistan british befooled india usa china encourage pak hind fight
what amazing heroes that spoke in wdc today on behalf of humbling to be in their presence.
gives me chills listing to real american hero's. this is the real america that needs to be heard.
shaun abrahams must reinstate those corruption charges against zuma or will get him struck off the roll.
- start proceedings,he will never reinstate those charges!
so nice meeting you at let your son know you met another adult member of the zipper club!
will do! hey honey honored 2intro marlajan another adult epatient with a zipper, like you!
oh u wna know what really happened....its cuz i was rly hungy and i nippy sucked so hard it deflated his boobies &lt;:(
you snatchedt gaku's tits.... titty snatcher
while michelle obama campaigning for hillary trump gains 15% among black voters
stand strong for a making america great again.god bless!
it's been one hour, and i already miss my floor. 3rd flood baby
oops i meant to write floor... i hope that the floor isn't flooded 3 times lol. this tweet is mostly for myself
2,000 ppl shut down 5th avenue last night . where's the coverage ?
also nothing from ??
it's happening. mr is just around the corner!
hey david, you should check out our mixed reality livestreams on our facebook under the video section.
my grandmother: she had her thyroid removed around 60. been contemplating whether religion could provide psychological support.
it won't. catholics have guilt and orthodox just permeating despair.
having to give up on a situation u care sm abt&lt;&lt;&lt;
don't give up
now i remember why i stopped going to soho.... i saw over 30 fuckin thrasher print t's/hoodies. don't even want mine anymore lol.
soho sucks anyways lol
happy birthday baby love you
ty bb love you
set your passcode feeds to 'record!'
damn, i think i am going to be busy... hey lol
yo, how sick is this? (it's really sick)
u have way too much shit i want
soooooooo there's a new pok place in flushing and i'm dying to try it
whaatt where in flushing what's it callledd
folks, let's not ignore loaded words in trump's birther statement: hrc "conniving," "weak;" djt "compelled" obama
feb 2016: trump wondering whether obama would have attended scalia's funeral if it were held in a mosque
yea women perpetuated patriarchy and toxic masculinity in 2006, what are you saying?
im saying its not only men who are judgmental to these things.
yes and every time i got overwhelmed i just did the bend and snap. adore you. and hi!
add those songs are three of the best songs of all time
what redacted info? he provided all normal lab cultures. hillary provided a damn doctors note likes she's in 4th grade hahahaha
it's been real. have a good evening.
clinton sells out black people. she preys on black people.
troll alert! new batch of trainees coming in! they're all reading from the same playbook lol
cant wait for tonights game arvin who???
but really how did y'all get hurt by this tweet that was typed with excitement and pride for my school lmao
hey, so would you drop your organizing efforts if we named a building after harambe?
no dice until changes her name to resigndy mcresignedprez
been up for like 30+ hours... should i sleep or play the prime?
get in those dms boi
a segregator for the greatest and most profound companies is a limit of potential partnerships. a maximum is great value. price or quantity.
although, consistency is . this pizza for $3.33 is phenomenal. if i had added $1.11, the toppings may have been one of a kind.
and the charges were dropped.
. charges being dropped doesn't take away from the fact that f. trump was wearing robes and a hood &amp; marched in a kkk rally.
lawyers have the right to reject a case &amp; laughing about the raped girl after winning her case. really?!
you've got to look it up. she scoffed at her loss of faith in lie detectors.
white people don't need "safe spaces" in america. white people don't routinely experience inequity by race in this country.
it's so crazy how every other race in this country has their own things within their community meant to serve them but when black people
but will mark? i doubt it.
mark isn't going to be happy when it goes to the owner votes
this is so weird.
youre never appreciative
until an iphone has full manual exposure controls, there's zero chance it will replace the dslr.
it has that already. they exposed the controls with the last os release
clinical messaging platform klara raises $3m in seed funding
thank you for the shoutout!
john mccain was born in panama canal zone. mitt romney's dad born in mexico. why was barack obama singled out to prove his usa birth?
because hillary started it in 08 and reflected it on trump now
at least they're gonna refund me for the case.
finally returning my original upgrade program, and they're telling me they did it wrong and i need to return my new one and do it all over.
i'm kidding. they were my first cd
lol no it's all fun to me. i just think brandy been kinda off lately. i love all 3 of them tho monica is my fav of the bunch
ridiculous: transcript trump's camp provides of this accusation just shows clinton camp shut down hint of birtherism
they didn't shut it down, they got a patsy to spread it for them and then fired her.
great parade in the villages- i love you all. we will . thank you for the incredible support-i will not forget!
old white racists. you got anything else?
lawyers have the right to reject a case &amp; laughing about the raped girl after winning her case. really?!
after the case she helped to open one of the first rape crises centers in the us
idt you've actually read his comments so i'll pardon u for this
his response is dumb bc it dismisses the concept of cultural appropriation, which i don't agree with. but i think gettin mad..
ok. what's the backup plan?
proposition 64 in california.
i don't suppose you're a tom jones fan. you're too young.
i actually love tom jones! my mam has me listening to all that, haha what day is it on? :) xx
hey everybody who has a subscription with the . how about you cancel your subscription right now
their reporting on hilary's pneumonia made me want to cancel last week, now this - it may be time :/
almost to 300 followers. preparing the balloons now for the big drop!
patiently waiting...
my first ever summons. been working my ass of for 8 years to get one of these! finally made it.
his handwriting is impeccable
amazing goal! and amazing we fought and came away with 3pts. brilliant start to the season.
contes first home loss in 38 games. when costa scored i was sure we would draw or even lose. we look like a real collective now
's message is a sham
not knowing where allepo is -- let alone its significance -- disqualifies him from consideration.
his response is dumb bc it dismisses the concept of cultural appropriation, which i don't agree with. but i think gettin mad..
that they have dreads is such a reach
lol. i'll have to add you to the list of
can't deal w/facts, just innuendos. that is when they go to imoji's.
let marty investigate, i can't believe you give him news time. thug of sfpoa
who is in charge here? i say martin.
i need to book a massage. maybe for tomorrow
someone was telling me about soothe app. they'll go to your house
let's do it in an hour. on the hour. selfies, rts, favs, thirst follows, fellowship. motherfuck a work week. i'm glad it's dead
here's me trying to decide on a sweatshirt
cities, county consider regional ice rink
oh, i know a perfect spot for one -- central, accessible, lots of parking: bridgepointe!
lotta good comedy on
and misspelling "nimoy.'
i was over the moon!!! thanks
and ... it's a full moon !!!
they prefer bali, if it clears faa they will use it..
the faa already said the bali site is a no
"if modern girls were even more hyper-sexualized than they already are, life would be better." -
pet the kitty. flick the bean. diddle the skittle. scratch the vinyl wicky wicky!
happy birthday to my brother he's always been there for me!!! thanks for being in my life
thanks sis!! ur so nice to me
if they just put a banner on their site calling for action, this thing would be over in no time
what would the slogan be? stand tall for snowden?
this is excellent advice thank you
tbf i've been out the dating scene so long i'd need to be reminded to perform basic human autonomic functions
weve come to love you sounding like you were recorded in mono on a boom box placed inside of a metal trash can in another room
let's keep the magic alive. put 5 styrofoam cups over the the mic and then put it in a cars glove box and roll down the windows
lol that was left as a tip at the bar tho
yeah i know. but it's not that hard to get the money anyway, since the plate is there.
jackie have you grown taller?
yeah and i got bangs and dyed my hair a darker brown
contribute to a trump presidency, imho.
i disagree and i also dont think that takes away from the good he's doing
. is this you moonlighting? :d
you gotta feel pain to know you're alive.
no one can tell me what's this is from . i would love to know
1992 film called sleepwalkers
i'm looking forward to it, along with his concert on 09/23 at amp by strathmore
you're the best!
if i get another decent gig i think i'm gonna bite the bullet and upgrade to a cintiq, i just cant seem to get used to the intuos
i'll probs keep it for traveling but i think drawing _directly on the drawing_ will help with my day to day
your a piece of shit lying for not keeping your word on a pledge you signed.your not a man of your word
no it's not. are you trying to get even with americans for not voting for you.
to stop trump, all we really need is media to stop reporting on him, or even mentioning his name, for the next two months. is that so hard.
just refer to him as that liar. for example, that liar is controlled by putin.
queens isn't all that bad after all
however, i'm on the airtrain back to jfk from the beach and i can see manhattan in the d
i just joined the team and i couldn't be more thrilled. check out my post for a bit more color :)
congrats caitlin! love watching you crushhhhh
it has gotten closer but i would rather be in hrc's position. she has many avenues to 270.
that is true. i just wish it weren't so close. makes me a tad nervous.
let's keep the magic alive. put 5 styrofoam cups over the the mic and then put it in a cars glove box and roll down the windows
then drive really fast down the highway and record like that
lipdicks for my birthday all shades all sizes thx babes
yall hella funny with what money?
unlocking my macbook with my watch is pretty cool.
i love it. been using macid since i got my apple watch, but this is so much better.
i haven't been this excited to go home in so long
lol probably not since freshmen year
finally returning my original upgrade program, and they're telling me they did it wrong and i need to return my new one and do it all over.
i've been here for 6 hours now. congrats on a very smooth launch
have you read this ish...
my aunt/ mom's response: "the reynolds pamphlet!!!? highlights!" she's a fucking treasure guys. you don't even know
hey edvard! we want you to have positive experiences with ! what's going on? *chasecr
that ship has sailed...
currently accepting recommendations
me at the gay bar
he wortes under a pseudonym doesn't he?
nope, he writes with his own name.
my dad, joe butler of the lovin' spoonful! happy birthday, mi da!!
sending good birthday beats and paradiddles from one drummer to another...tell ur dad i say happy birthday!!
hey, a beer thing happening in mamaroneck!
no way! that's across the street from where i grew up!
queens isn't all that bad after all
however, i'm on the airtrain back to jfk and i can see manhattan in the distance and i'm going to lose it
where abouts in upstate? i live just south 9f the finger lakes
my dad grew up on seneca. ...so every year that i've been alive, i've spent a week or 2 at peach orchard point.
and the disenchanted bernie crowd are beginning to sell out
deplorable needs to dial down the steroids. he's breaching the wall of sanity!
where the fuck is my phone belt clip holster
fucked up to make fun of my uncle teddy b like that
busy week for the dubs
curry, kd, dray, then theres drake. since when was he on the team?
yeah i know. but it's not that hard to get the money anyway, since the plate is there.
if the person tipping wanted to be a big asshole they would just leave the cup with no plate like this
that one looks like it's crying in defeat
lol does it?
. and i got on to the topic of . on repeat for the rest of the day.
howwwwwwwwww have i never seen this
it's so crazy how every other race in this country has their own things within their community meant to serve them but when black people
(cont.) want to preserve it's a problem. as if us attending a black college somehow disadvantages another group of people
the response of a chipper owner 'who's been hurt before'.
culture night, can't beat it.
i'm back on twitter after about a month away and i immediately feel worse about the world
you are a bad person why do you have opinions
actually who the fuck knows. only ever made korean miso soup.
licked some flakes though and
compulsively reading backwards. just stumbled upon him!
... here. it's like going to a live concert of a legend you've listened on cds!:)
when you show your friends your risky outfit for the weekend
never forget penthouse 808... your butt was in everyone's snaps
there's no such thing
throw on some yg bet your feelins change :)
awesome talk on the fundamentals of reusable ui components - - by
thanks for the kind words!
man listen!!
she walked me for like a month, and made sure every business knew who i was... i didn't get it then but i def do now
you are a bad person why do you have opinions
and other basic tweets
every poll you've done on wwhl he has won.majority of watchers are wasps. you are doin a job of alinatin
perhaps he thinks saying and doing the right thing is more important than ratings!
hi friends! i am pleased to announce that as of monday i will be the editorial director of parents . i'll miss my sweatpants.
mazel tov!! also, huffpo will def get you verified!
where can i donate?
im not home at the moment but i will dm you later!!
to stop trump, all we really need is media to stop reporting on him, or even mentioning his name, for the next two months. is that so hard.
the media owes us, since they created the monster in the first place.
unfunny remarks like that set back the pro-choice movement. anti-abortionists use arguments like that all the time.
who said i was trying to be funny?
you got played. punked
i didn't buy it for 1 second, this is called "projecting" trump calling hrc a bigot is a good example.
young rappers better than chance: lil yachty desiigner lil uzi g herbo kodak black
not first 2
thank you, jay. we take these matters seriously, and will be addressing our airport team about this. ^fs
thanks for handling this.
i don't, but i think the presidency (&amp; its symbolic value) has an impact.
trump could definitely make america more angry and insane on both sides. don't see how hillary would do the same at all.
so pretty everyone who is a new celeb (actor, model, singer, chef, designer) today is the offspring of an already famous person.
abs, this is kind of how it is has always worked
gary johnson, jill stein fail to qualify for first presidential debate via
vote siphons working for won't get debate stage exposure. too too bad.
hey crusaders! check out our new promotional video for the school! ngl i got emotional watching
so many kids breaking dress code in the video
thee ole "nothing to see here, folks" approach.
kind of ironic that penn state is honoring pattern by covering up the celebration.
because the stakes are high in this instance.
true but on live national tv the stakes are always high -- for fallon esp it's all showbiz. unfortunately.
how horrific would this be? michelle obama greeted with 'four more years' chants at clinton event
think how many more vacations mooch could have in four years.
this is my favorite thing ever.
idk what would ever make you think that
aam admi party are the best idiots
the conditions for foreign trips should be,required to produce double$$
aaaaaand after the shower and shave. how do you boys prefer me?
full of cum
but like, you would
i'm blocking you
excited to accept this award tomorrow from the !! rsvp here if youre in nyc:
thank you &amp; congratulations see you tomorrow
new: trump's event started hour late. why? for part, he was huddled with bannon, bossie, eric, etc asking advice on obama birth remarks.
drumpf huddles with the best!
who wants this l
down!!! send my ps4 over pls
polling avgs show a tightening race. and i think it's because of the air time trump is taking up. good or bad, trump is on tv. hrc isn't.
however, i fully expect the trend will go in hillary's favor after the debates. that is, of course, if the moderators do their job.
i've been pioneering new tech for years
more like gibby taking 5 minutes outside at his dayjob
don't forget the javascript api's. apex.region, new stuff in and apex.util apex.item to support interactive grid
looking forward to see your session mr. javascri
steph curry backs clinton, says he will "most likely" stand for anthem but supports protest
the guy had no honor
i was just thinking this man i hate ios 10
i'm trying to dismiss all these banners but they just stay there wtf
i think her shade was harmless. idk why she gets headlines for that and not her music rip
yea i think afrodisiac is underrated as hell.
can't you get it in the mail?
not how "we" roll. also 3 week delay...
in fact, the current playoff format gave us something that single table acolytes have been pining for: every spot matters
finishing 2nd, 4th, and 6th are all now significant thresholds for teams to strive for
a nigga never been as fresh as me ( i like that )
love you bro, hope all is well
devastated. just learned that police in columbus, ohio shot &amp; killed a 13 y/o black boy named last night. youngest since tamir.
but nothing about the scourge of black men killing other black men in chicago and other democrat run bastions of savagery?
stanley introduces new sawed-off hot glue shotgun
now, if only they'd do the same thing for my bedazzler, my "sovereign crafter "movement will take off!
with this my entry is out the door completely! hope you find my design process helpful! good luck, everyone
excellent! i love the top and bottom filter
when has you shakin' more than !
officially it is maracas.
(cont.) want to preserve it's a problem. as if us attending a black college somehow disadvantages another group of people
we just want to learn in our own environment with and from people who share similar experiences and actually want to help us succeed.
there was no mention of robes and a hood.
. search t "berobed" in the article. i gave you evidence embarrassing for the trump family. not surprised you reject it.
in terms of hierarchy of change is there an order in list a and b
there is in list a, based on positional authority. list b less so; it depends on the contenxt
prepping ss nametags 4 conf saturday
looks like you are ready to roll !!
all your questions answered: "my crazy year w trump" katy tur talks covering donald trump's candidacy
sorry i lied. katy tur posted 15 not 10 tweets about birther issue...
wouldn't it have been nice to watch paulie confront tiffany on the feeds. rest in peace to the fights we never get to see.
i really want to see the whole of that, the timing of them cutting that day was ridiculous
your sentence structure could use some work. i'll be blocking you now. take it personally.
used to it, it is what happens when get destroyed.
orlando! looking for us? we're in the west building, hall a2! and we can't wait to see you!
on my way to jfk!how early can we get badges in the morning?
narcos s2 is so awesome. it is so much like the shield. non-stop noose tightening of the highest order. and despicable protagonists.
recently re-watched the entire series of the shield. ronnie's fate haunts me.
" to give his best to the indian cinema till his great health" ?! what does that even mean?! lol
are great personalities. and message conveyed nobody in the world care for english except we indians
day isn't even playing
yeah he is, he's in the lineup
also, the level of my fomo for has reached critical levels.
i'm not there either! i'm glad to see other great representatives for open/sharing/access attending.
chipotle is clutch
i thought this said chipotle is church and inwas like well damn praise jesus
yo chris we thought we just saw you over by mulberry st....we logged on to verify " wasn't that distefano ? " hahaha
legit sausage and peppers all day
don't forget the javascript api's. apex.region, new stuff in and apex.util apex.item to support interactive grid
looking forward to see your presentation...
.: romney's camp can't believe we have a nominee who is trying to keep gop from veering to the elites
they should believe it they deserve it
best of luck to joe galgano, who has resigned as boys basketball coach at edgemont. terrific coach
joey g great coach great man great friend.
okay so what does one need for a date... communicator, tricorder, type 1 &amp; 2 phasers?
couple slips of gold-pressed latinum in case you have to take a shuttlecraft home.
you mean this one?
why is evry pic with his daughter creepy
shame on you for trying to pin as something he's not! get over it he is moving to
it would've been the end if you hadn't of told more lies on top of admitting he was wrong don the con does it again
: chris wallace openly favors trump
this is a fixed race but our girl ain't going down in the 3rd!!
rami malek, , and lots more stars were at the audi emmys party last night!
who is that on the right??
i love how they call it "puff the magic dragon" to distinguish from that other dragon that's totally not magic.
not to be confused with puff, the komodo dragon
sending my thoughts and prayers to you and your nail
if you would like to donate to the cause, i accept blank checks and coffee
herion section? do tell
i found a needle in the trash can a few weeks ago. yum
she's so captivating. love her!
she did. amazing woman!!
it seemed to be able to figure out casing for me just fine.
oh, nice! need to try it out more then.
we're innocent!! we have nothing to hide!! of course we'll cooperate. we're all about transparency. 'sitspecialistspleadthefifth.
. hey jack, i'm confused. i thought repubs valued the constitution.
can't wait to join my amazing colleagues on please join us!!
right here watching and you are making some points about the "real" hillary
some players may be experiencing latency or disconnections. we are investigating this now.
this is still noticeable.
however, i fully expect the trend will go in hillary's favor after the debates. that is, of course, if the moderators do their job.
consider that hrc has been quiet these past few weeks and all trump could gain was 10 percentage pts (up to 30% now).
i don't know whp these people are, but this is the funniest stuff on twitter.
hysterical i am sure for the haitian people dying now of cholera.
got to spend some of my b-day in the er
what's happened?!
think so...heard it so often today...maybe a new rockband...???
found this online... must be the newest shit!
i often wonder how much it cost to change all of the no smoking signs to no smoking or vaping.
just change the signs to "no."
hi sara i had fries for lunch so it has been an good day thank u for asking how about u
a lil tired from running around but beautiful weather so i don't mind much!
women are corny too with the exposing lol
just as corny
the white house is planning to increase the number of refugees accepted into the us to 110,000 in 2017
nice democrats destroying more of america
caffeine, caffeine, sugar, and sugar
isn't the last one caffeine &amp; sugar?
protip : we didn't need to create the word . we already had a word for what that is. it's called racism.
absolutely, but the mm would rather call it because it's more coded &amp; they love the ratings.
what should i eat at champs today!!!
yo the mac and cheese is tight
i'm sure someone will say that it wasn't a typo
it was a typo would i lie to you
so my huge ass 12" by 9" ipad is now bent at a 70 degree angle but working fine...
i bent it back. still fine. ?
ihtm: my mom is a lazy turd by bruce
do this don't: throw apples at mommy
do you care who started the rumors on obama's birthplace?
his mom was an american. he could have born on the moon and it wouldnt matter, it never did.
no they haven't, concerns &amp; disapproval are not the same.
read what you just twittered ricky
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
hahahhahahahahahaha release your taxes
panda express makes me shit my brains out
you got some sensitive ass bowels my guy lmfao
no one said only men are judgmental lol but it's men who create and maintain patriarchy and that informs women's views
you know what imma just blame europeans
i can't believe people who make more money than me are dumb as bricks.
that is literally how the entire world works.
no- has always been in asheville, nc. so worth it though - such a rich conference experience
i agree. it's so worth your time and investment in yourself as a teacher!
ive been saying that for a while.. their posts are hilarious. at first i thought they were serious..
hysterical i am sure for the syrians dying from a peace agreement that failed again all bs
enjoying ios 10 so far, but there's a special place in hell reserved for whoever decided to get rid of the swipe to open thing.
your fingerprint will open it - if you have it setup that way.
decided to try cutting my fluoxetine dose down to 40mg again.
don't take them anymore ,they don't work,nothing but ativan,well sometimes,immune to it..does it work for u?
when i restart (takes a long time to restart the phone now!) it works for a few hours, and then happens again...
worked a few hours ago after restarting and now happening again:
just pay yourself. boom. value. added.
that still puts you outside the nexus of the broader exchange economy.
they big on the plaid tuxedo look there?
can't say i saw that
random matches playing in the background while working at home and vs. just came on. i'm going on break!
any of those matches they've had are amazing
btw, mercury retrograde is an optical illusion caused by the difference in speed of its orbit compared to earth. astrology is a lie.
this is the best thing i've read all day
ios 10 sounds like a nightmare and i will never be updating for as long as i live
for why? it's cool.
he was found innocent fyi. that's why i come to this conclusion
being found innocent does not mean that she made "a false accusation".
this is such a crazy way for these two to announce they're back together!!!!
delete this
ive been saying that for a while.. their posts are hilarious. at first i thought they were serious..
hysterical i am sure for the parents of benghazi casualties or for the 25,000 blacks that died in the hillary intervention.
question of the day: would the proposed move to be a good move or a gamble?
gamble. the raiders' ptb must hate oakland fans. why else ignore them &amp; move?
let me know where you guys are saturday, i'll be there!
i will definitely let you know!
a thoreau inspired restore.
a thorestore?
we'd love to change your ship's course and get you flying those ! send us a dm and let's chat it out! *melj
already did today no result only bad experience
hi christine! what's your direct email? i'd love to speak with you regarding a partnership, or email me lisa.com.
hello! please email me at cduffy.com.
energy stocks look ready to make a short term pop check out $xom $cvx &amp; might be time to jump back in $vlo trade room discussion tomorrow
$xom down more than 5% in 10 days.
why every stupid became a journalist finland got world best govt education system 98% study in govt schools
's boss asked her 2 write this she is just a reporter not a journalist! therer no pvt schools in finland!
are you moving? media mail was a cheap shipping option for me!
yes - bk to la. 250lbs = four back-wrecking
alex give me your space aids lmao
any one want space aids i have it all.
more trump: -muslim san bernardino neighbors saw "pipe bombs" -innuendo on cruz/carson/clinton/romney faith 3/x
so coooool. retirement community rigged their golf carts with trump signs as couldn't put them in their yard.
being found innocent does not mean that she made "a false accusation".
she might have truly felt that she "was violated". an innocent verdict doesn't mean she wasn't "violated".
marc jacobs can come correct several times. he has yet to make a foundation shade darker than a porcelain doll
yet his show is flooded with white women wearing faux dreads, and claims black people are "crying appropriation"
please share re: gofund buddy my neighbor started. still paying $10k vet bills from his surgery1 year ago when we fell off cliff
can't find the go fund me page. can you send me the link please
being in the audience for the tonight show w/ jimmy fallon was awesome till hillary clinton came out..can't say i was too excited about that
but told me he loved me so can't complain about that
before i self destruct
screaming thank you!!
we just want to learn in our own environment with and from people who share similar experiences and actually want to help us succeed.
black people want to have our own school (that we still willingly share with everyone) and it's a problem. but
nice try chicken little. her lawsuit was in 08'- trump wasn't even on scene.
it doesn't disprove that he used birtherism to create a following of like minded. it supports it. sad for you.
patriotism &amp; nationalism are not the same thing. one acknowledges the privileges &amp; sacrifices that built a country. the other disregards it.
one embraces the ideology of a nation, the other embraces a nation despite its ideology.
that's not real is it??
it's real. fun fact: melo is at 24. smfh
where's ???
seriously! show your face and i'll cook dinner! wya!
that's because you're a true american
high praise indeed from the pervayors of american badassery!
the kind of shit you see in start up boardrooms these days!
there's too much of it here in the us. you can buy wall art with such platitudes! yikes!
...it's not dismissive of other cultures to say they did not develop this specific way of thinking
exactly. nietzsche calls this the pathos of distance.
...you send us a dm with what's going on so we can fix this? t-force has your back! *kyles 2/2
i appreciate it but no thanks. you've tried to help but i did not get want i wanted: an explanation to my $300 bill. thanks.
you look like you're about to release a single.
that's what i thought.
we're proud of our school too tho!! was good mira monte
that's coo don't have anything against that lmao
that was a great game!
yes it was! scared me more than once, too, lol.
ive been saying that for a while.. their posts are hilarious. at first i thought they were serious..
hysterical i am sure for the fish dying now from all the oil leaked as we bring foreign oil due to hillary's deals.
she might have truly felt that she "was violated". an innocent verdict doesn't mean she wasn't "violated".
she might very well have been subjected to sexual harassment.
not me. so to take you seriously....how would that even work?
let's look at it like this: i wish trump was never born. he's an amerikkkan disgrace. no cure for the racist, narcissist.
it's funny how half the people who retweeted this actually have 200k tweets
and you changed your @ again
tbh the music font update alone
true. i'm not a fan of that
also, colon rather than comma, surely?
i wonder if i correct the questions in my all souls exam whether i'll get in
never there when you go haha i'm sorry i work tomorrow i'll visit ?
what time do you work? i pre test now so i'm with patients more than i'm on the floor. i can come see you again!
things will get very ugly in america if trump wins. lawlessness will reign and that will only be the beginning.
don't you believe it, obama will put the country on martial law if necessary.
mason has been a great director, but there's not much you can fuck up in less than a month.
wow fuckin lit
ive been saying that for a while.. their posts are hilarious. at first i thought they were serious..
hysterical i am sure to the hatians cheated out of billons by obama and hillary.
can't wait to join my amazing colleagues on please join us!!
wow...r u seriously criticizing the congressional black caucus for calling out that fraud&amp; racist
so my huge ass 12" by 9" ipad is now bent at a 70 degree angle but working fine...
jesus christ i meant 30 degree how
sg making that play to cut-off dig inn. love to see it. can't wait to taste it.
cauliflower, chick peas, chicken, and quinoa? when can i have this in my face?
rails is a great framework, but it has allowed me to conveniently skip learning of several crucial web/security concepts for far too long.
excellent article by on identifying this situation with a name (knowledge debt) and elaborating on it
now loading!!!! can actually sound like a very different kind of song with different backing music...like way less hyper
i also appreciate how now loading!!!! has four exclamation points for each member of fourfolium, or something
did you read today's nyt story about how sad one of toronto"s bay stories is? a bit shocking.
have not seen that, but will look when back home. thanks!
more trump: -muslim san bernardino neighbors saw "pipe bombs" -innuendo on cruz/carson/clinton/romney faith 3/x
such feeling of empowerement &amp; spirit while you ghastly killjoys are going on about racism &amp; stuff in your heads
all good, you're always helping out people so kinda knew if you was involved it meant something happened
hello: please don't @ me on non-design-related issues for kick. thanks!
not really...but that's what modern liberals convince themselves is happening
right, numerous white power orgs flocking to him as best thing to ever happen for them in modern era is a coincidence.
castlemont to protest national anthem at tonight's game
i don't think they are protesting the national anthem
author of date-onomics shines the light on 9/22 6pm.
it'll be great. promise!
nah bro orange chicken and general tso is fucking good but man did i shit for hours
i get the plate w noodles and rice, orange chicken and walnut shrimp. straight flames.
probably from a blog
right, so u can cite no facts establishing that rose was "accused of rape".
yet his show is flooded with white women wearing faux dreads, and claims black people are "crying appropriation"
how is he going to only accommodate white women but use black culture for fashion? and claim it's "all love"
right around 50th percentile for both, ish.
that's great!
because i am a sucker for traditions... ~some personal news~
so grateful for 3 amazing years @ bi working w so many smart, hardworking + talented ppl - crazy-proud of all that team has accomplished
ive been saying that for a while.. their posts are hilarious. at first i thought they were serious..
hysterical i am sure to the veterans returning with out feet after obama pledged no boots on the ground
no ideas currently. just know that i can reproduce directly with spaceship by adding a device and updating the profile.
if you've had issues with the devices, i just prepared let me know if that fixes your issue
right, so u can cite no facts establishing that rose was "accused of rape".
the wording from the lawsuit doesn't use the word 'rape'. lol
true. but getting on twitter and going after someone for saying something negative isn't helpful to her or her fan base
nobody is going after anybody...i'm just giving credit where credit is due...lol is that bad?
decided to try cutting my fluoxetine dose down to 40mg again.
they don't work for me at all,only takin' lorazepam now but immune to it,so don't understand if it's working ,sad times
yeh. that was a very enjoyable live stream :-)
are u a member of that video ranking academy group?
what a win! ynwa hendo was class
klopp was praising his work rate
cruising by the beach with the windows down and listening to music sounds great on this beautiful day. too bad my friends are fucking lazy.
fall weather is best weather
haha just what the doc ordered at the end of today!
thx 4 follow! enjoy our 7 &amp; site. befriend us on !
actually meant halloween but someone just happened to come out that day too
man fuck both of y'all only one thing should be celebrated on that day and that's me
it happened y'all. my watch buzzed to remind me to take a moment to breathe.
me too! i actually like it. i might die otherwise.
time. read this and you could win a code for on xbox one. good luck.
the spiderbot b/c it's awesome
so grateful for 3 amazing years @ bi working w so many smart, hardworking + talented ppl - crazy-proud of all that team has accomplished
and warmest 'thank you's to all the those who taught me so much and made my time in nyc and sf so reallio-trullio magical.
black people want to have our own school (that we still willingly share with everyone) and it's a problem. but
there are jewish communities in this country where they own the hospital, businesses, and schools and only serve members of their community
hayes used to leave me snoozin
iol that nigga dosent give a fuck bouta anything
oh is it $$$$ for custom ones?
hell yeah dude
special thx to mvp for this incredible watch. keep an eye out for for these amazing timepieces!
who is that amazing woman?
and warmest 'thank you's to all the those who taught me so much and made my time in nyc and sf so reallio-trullio magical.
but it's time to try something new! i'll be back east for a few months then doing some 'splorin. so if ya have any sea tips lemme know :]
oh a tip for the aichuu event: only use candies during the hours the event song is open, otherwise don't
wait why is that?
we are looking into this and will let you know. if you have any specific examples, please let us know.
it's crashing at launch a bunch. it also crashed when i tried to finish my ride, but didn't loose my progress thankfully.
ive been saying that for a while.. their posts are hilarious. at first i thought they were serious..
hysterical i am sure to to the families of 2000+ people murdered in chicago lately
and warmest 'thank you's to all the those who taught me so much and made my time in nyc and sf so reallio-trullio magical.
you're burying the lede
walmart has been best place to buy horror movies for a while now. best buy, at this point, totally obsolete.
best buy is good if you want to pay 27.99 for 4 year old blurays
hatred &amp; division is deplorable.
sharon, pop a few ....it will help with hillary's total meltdown to nov
could happen - its the truth. why the heck would hillary bring this up - does she not think we can prove it? desperate
1) she's desperate 2) divert attention from: iana transfer, 110k refugees start arriving to us oct 1st
i don't have one )): i decided to go last minute
well honey we'll see you there
she literally accused him of rape.
"she literally accused him of rape."&lt;--citation needed.
this store is so ugly. that's a depressing workplace.
i really feel for them. they're likely decent people that are led by an abysmal management team. very sad.
but this is what you were really thinking. hope it doesn't look like caroline.
oh child, i saw that photo and i dropped my tea cup on the floor!
pat sent me this today and i cried tears of joy. he finally gets it.
i have the best friends ever
it's close, but 's camera still can't top samsung via
glad we agree
when he comes back and saves us
enough of this nonsense
same! it's going to need some getting used to, but overall. very pleased.
instantly comfy with it.
please don't make this a real thing
it's out of my hands joe
but it's time to try something new! i'll be back east for a few months then doing some 'splorin. so if ya have any sea tips lemme know :]
as my to tech journalism, plz enjoy this photo i found in our cms from when i was an intern
help, idk how to flirt .
just give your smile, and wink! :)
tastes about the same to me!
pretty sure we used toddy to make cb back in the 80-90s
it was too icy!
did i miss a stream again? no ping/notification again. :(
it doesn't transmit to me so idk
does any of your characters have it? if not i can help lol
why do parents say they want you to be independent, but then won't let you make your own mistakes or live like c'mon now
same girl... same.
ive been saying that for a while.. their posts are hilarious. at first i thought they were serious..
hysterical i am sure to the parents of children shot in philadelphia, chicato and all inner cities
how i'm on his dick shut up you corny
you be on everybody dick nothing against you. you just for everybody
if you're a comedian and don't follow 420 or 666 or 911 people then you're not funny
you follow 1776 people are you a politician
i hope our kid does some funny ass shit like this
im the clumsy one so.. count on it poor aubrey. she was like "what the fuck just happened"
now playing: and - southside. listen live at
jay z: 'the war on drugs is an epic fail'
"i wish we had a library w/ books i could read to discover beautiful stories" raghad, 12
print and send books to palestine in their language. if the us has billions to give to israel, help palestine too.
jimmy fallon should be labeled a trump collaborator, working with the enemy against our country. this is not funny.
jimmy fallon jumped the shark 10 years ago
ive been saying that for a while.. their posts are hilarious. at first i thought they were serious..
hysterical i am sure to the families of innocent civilians killed with bombama's missed air strikes they cover up
just got a new iphone and found out it doesn't have a headphone jack! wtf?! did you guys know about this?!
what about a headphone jill?
i believe you are correct, though the "crime" in question is the same.
if it's a civil trial, then the issue of "a crime" is moot. civil suits aren't about crimes, but about "wrong doings".
congrats on yesterday's tnf. nice work guys
thanks tom and thanks to verizon for being a great partner for the launch!
so this happened! all my side projects can now come to fruition
congrats! looking forward to the day when getting one of these is as common as getting a new phone
it doesn't transmit to me so idk
that's why if you have just one you can't get any more.
my teacher called me gorgeous
one time my teacher called me cute but it's a guy and it got awkward
it look clean though i ain't gonna lie lol
you on the one or 4?
today when i clocked out my manager (that def hated me for a solid amount of time) was like alright see you never byyyyeee !
maybe bc i started my shift with 'ok ur gonna hate me buuut .......'
travel rec: son doong cave! discovered just 7 years ago as the largest cave in the world!
anazing cave story! that place looks so cool!
scheduling request for a good, old-fashioned mike love shit talking
hell yes!!! i will move mountains for this!
let's see dems media hrc hyped birther issue then complain that got the attention.
spoken like a true tea partier pretending to be an angry bernie supporter.
why hasn't a model agency sign me up yet lmfao
in love with the picture
too much sauce
that light skin lookin at trent some kind of way
but those are drastic steps for your main device :(
ya, not willing to do that... looks like it finally went through! what a pain in the ass.
max b is coming home. sentence got shortened. looks like the gang will be working wit the wave.
proof or fight me
within the first few minutes, "zero cool" is forbidden by court order from owning a "touch-tone phone." man, that takes me back
"mr. belford?" [disgusted sigh] "my *name* . . . is 'the *plague*'"
good security question: the first thing you learned how to cook bad security question: your dream job (!?)
i just answer them all with monkey
michelle obama preparing to campaign in virginia for hillary clinton today. thank god she wore a wig! vote 4 trump
when i first saw this picture,i can't share the things i wanted to have happen to this lowlife.
festival time friday night come and see the $5 $2 with college id food by
youve got the wrong . you want
it's a great pitch!
thank you so much!
they did disapprove site, have concerns.
do you know why they disapproved the site?
after carefully considering today's events &amp; monitoring the collective response to them, i've figured out what it all means. we're f*cked.
the times opening itself up to calling trump a liar plus cnn figuring out that it was rockrolled may be turning points.
ive been saying that for a while.. their posts are hilarious. at first i thought they were serious..
hysterical i am sure for the ones who mourn 9/11 victims due to clinton's failure to catch the terrorists before they struck
you must have dead mosquito brain alleging we r racists
no taker sour vp losercuban is nuisance! throw him under thebus!
morton's or ole homestead? trying to get a comped dinner through gem casino travel
jealous! i remember that pic you had when you went to morton's last time
can't get to fix a bug in their driver routing which causes rates to a specific address to be double the buiding next door. sigh.
like, i can give you 2 addresses 2 blocks apart and you're quoting me $33 with no surge and no traffic.
yes - bk to la. 250lbs = four back-wrecking
i hear ya! did 300lbs sf &gt; nyc. a dolley/cart thing was essential. (also cost only $145 or so)
i think neighborhoods should create parking districts downtown. 2 passes per address this will alleviate issues
could talk about this for hours. tried in the hensley, but city won't offer more permits right now. also landlords push back.
how is this possible. woodley was supposed to hold the title hostage chasing money fights.
i heard the reason for this fight being made was last minute negotiations with a slimmed down tank abbot just hit a impasse,
really just the entire thing
get your ass to sf.
"petition for black kids "pulling a kaepernick" to defenestrate david brooks" by .
sometimes vulgar language helps wake people up. elaborates on the mr. show law firm interview theory.
if you say something long enough, people will believe it even if the evidence is scant
your attempts at "fair" coverage are nauseating. admit trump lied about hrc as birther, but then mention "racial" 2008 primary??
i'll be filling in on on at 5 - tune in!
dad must be proud that you're defending some dbag who called him a loser.
you seem to have caught my case of the "fuck everythings". i'm sorry
there's something about the combination of being in pain from my horrible back and trump being normalized that just breaks me.
ive been saying that for a while.. their posts are hilarious. at first i thought they were serious..
hysterical i am sure to americans that saw 20% of their uranium go to russia for pay for play.
not even absolutely sure if they are the right flakes. got them half a year ago and didn't bother googling a recipe.
it smells too strongly of msg and i'm not sure about this.
wait till we get adults with kik
the digital apocalypse is imminent
if you think about it the headphone jack *is* the headphone jill
only if your phone is hetero
violate??? please lmk what you wanna say like ion got dirt on you boyyyy
seriously just stop it doesn't even matter what's going on but it's wrong to speak to someone like that --
if it's a civil trial, then the issue of "a crime" is moot. civil suits aren't about crimes, but about "wrong doings".
whatever rose may have done to her, is not a crime, but rather a civil violation.
my reaction when people say it's a good idea to put things like peas or apples in guacamole:
those monsters.
i didnt clicked into the link you raccoon face ass nigga
pulling up as we speak. meet me outside for my one
one embraces the ideology of a nation, the other embraces a nation despite its ideology.
patriots protest, because they strive to make their nation better. nationalists refuse to believe their country deserves scrutiny.
time. read this and you could win a code for on xbox one. good luck.
duncan, because he reminds me of dog from half life 2
so where were the palestinians and jordanians supposed to go? to the sea?
no one asked that question when 700,000 jews were evicted from arab lands, either.
violate??? please lmk what you wanna say like ion got dirt on you boyyyy
just go your separate ways and call it a day
you're a whacko! get help. suggest your father gets a vasectomy and your mother a hysterectomy. no siblings, right?
no one as sick as you..get a lobotomy
headband just came on and it made me think of freshman year and
every time it comes on i think of you
gotta love white boys
why did he have to bring up chris rock
today, donald trump took 7 seconds to admit a conspiracy theory he nursed for 5 years was wrong.
obama covering up illegal border activity...is that lying or is that concealment? or depends on who's doing it?
ive been saying that for a while.. their posts are hilarious. at first i thought they were serious..
hysterical i am sure that the dnc regularly sells embassy and government positions for cash
he used. you mean hillary did on 08' taping with chris matthews.
the conspiracy theory that hillary was involved in this has been disproven by 1000s of sources. you're really reaching. sad
been experimenting with replacing a meal or two with soylent. weirdly, the big thing i miss is... chewing.
i tried this, but didn't stick with it. now i have use it when i am in the middle of something and don't want to leave the desk.
6. but it really is just an f-u to the media and the public. they think we are this stupid
1. and as usu. creates this "hiding in plain sight" lack of accountability like we're all 8 yos, where yelling "she did it first"
stoked for the giants game tonight.
who you going with
ever notice that if u get a herd of mothers together they arent physically capable of talking about anything but birth pregnancy & diapers?
holy cow that's sexist. are you and your daddy in a "who can offend more" competition or something?
you miss 100% of the shots you never take
in your case, you miss 100% of the shots you take.
it's the female fans who that people are concerned about
memo to female fans: don't go to nba players' rooms at night unless u are agreeing to have sex.
time. read this and you could win a code for on xbox one. good luck.
mack, without a doubt
"mr. belford?" [disgusted sigh] "my *name* . . . is 'the *plague*'"
wait, was there ever a time when people used words like "love" and "god" as passwords instead of, say, "admin" or a birthdate?
you're singing goo goo dolls right now, aren't you?
nah.. my chemicle romance, sandwiched between dashboard confessional.
i'm on a role for someone who barely drew in the summer lol
these are so goood
me at the gay bar
gathering suggestions at
he used. you mean hillary did on 08' taping with chris matthews.
you should keep stalking me though. you might learn something.
nice! btw whatcha doin in the big apple? you're only an hour from me!
seeing death grips tonight. and super last minute but what are you doing tomorrow.
so the al psc has been allowing 13-14.5% roe for alabama power without evidentiary hearings since *the 80s*.
this is weird and awful, but also... what put this on your radar?
remember how a few months back a ticket for final live was auctioned for like $1,000,000?? what if that was dia who paid that much
mari i need a small loan of a million dollars
can't wait to join my amazing colleagues on please join us!!
great to see you on the five again!
you can't make this up: stage collapses after trump birther trainwreck via h/t
so beautifully appropriate.
thanks, greg! i would say have a relaxed weekend but i know you've got a huge backlog of games, lol
i was going to reply, but i'm *too* busy! uh, wait... ;p
i'm offended
was that really necessary
takes right after his dad i see!
he's sick and won't eat anything but those.
more trump conspiracies: -mexico sending "rapists" -cruz's father and jfk -muslims celebrating 9/11 2/x
why do you think gallup poll found that only 32% of the public believed press was fair...68% racist bigots?
and the comes out!
ummm, not so much. cool your jets, whackjob.
here is a genuine basket of deplorables. they have ruined our republic. take it back.
- lol - it's over for trumpie
so after 50,000 people either give up their seaso tickets or die, then you'll have them?
the 9ers had "a 30 year wait list!" in early 2000s &amp; by 2006/7 anyone could walk up &amp; buy season tix - it's cyclical
oh yes. hey we need to get our tix!
ok just tell me where and when and what ps i plan to roll thru javits inside a v large hamster ball
marks just made me the worst calzone i've ever had in my whole life
going to marks was your first mistake
snapchat filters are there for me when the iphone camera isn't
soak up that sun for me!
meet our third roommate
what's his name
looking to get married so i can send out wedding invites that play invitation when you open the card.
britney should partner with
now that i know he's out there, he does look lost
it is just one game, so i don't want to make any statements, but it hasn't been a good one
memo to female fans: don't go to nba players' rooms at night unless u are agreeing to have sex.
she knew that rose was going to wear a condom, so i think she is mad that he used a condom.
hiw are you nesh? it's been such a long time. been trying to get in touch. i was in ny many times recently. do get in touch soon
wotcher, dhiren! i'm doing well... what about you? but i'm not in ny, i'm sf-based :)
did "the villain" in 's presentation look like bane?
yes. totally!
word a bunch of my friends are going to that! and i'm basically free tomorrow what's crackin?
well i'm free as well and i'll still be in the area if you wanna meet up or something.
i spent too much time in the woods as a kid.
i grew up in a small neighborhood but in a small town. so surrounded by woods. i refuse to go in the woods at night
i am loving . "mark cuban offers trump $10 million-'if you need it'-to have a 4 hour policy interview"
that is because you are an idiot and prove it each time you open your mouth
lmaooo i would like to see these videos if they're half as funny as that one
aubrey could be famous
is it really that serious? you acted fake, i called u out on it and you unfollow me and remove me from hour email blast. emotional
funny. i have 4000 more emails pending. i didn't send it to everyone yet because of gmail sending limit. relax ese.
hard to tell if this is what it looked like before you moved in or if you're so hardcore minimalist that this is now
i've been living here for 4 months now lol
harvest moon too
i got like no sleep last night and all i want is to stay up &amp; watch but idk if i'll be able to hang
this reminds me of the tasteful sideboob cah card
that was where this came from
is it really that serious? you acted fake, i called u out on it and you unfollow me and remove me from hour email blast. emotional
it's not that serious carnal.
so, how was your thursday night?
congratulations to the whole family!
so sad that msm &amp; so call blk leaders would focus on the birth of a man that's on his way out of office instead of jobs for the inner city.
obama is the 1st mixed potus mom was white &amp; raised him dad was black &amp; left both of them blm is hrc puppets!
cincinnati is famous for its college football and pickled bread. in 1947, a local boy set a record by drinking two bottles of pickled bread
what about gorillas
super sketchy moment when the rocks under me started crumbling, left with only a few scratches be safe out there!
ah this makes me sick to watch
i agree that the us has serious race issues. but not sure this is the way to show it.
it's peaceful protest.
not bad at all, cheers!
thanks guys! happy i could deliver for
what's going on, vibhor? we're sorry to hear you may have had a bad experience and want to help. ^dk
i have a garmin vivoactive watch and i broke its display. however i got to know i can't get it fixed. .
this what side u on b?
wayne= goat
where is that setting?! it's driving me crazy having to click the home button
general. accessibility. home button.
another sad story of revenge 2 episode 14 **beast monster vs quinns**
sad story, true story
memo to female fans: don't go to nba players' rooms at night unless u are agreeing to have sex.
she essentially consented to sex as soon as she stepped in the room.
happy birthday giselle!! hope you have a good day!
thank you dom!
6. but it really is just an f-u to the media and the public. they think we are this stupid
to them means they are absolved of responsibility for insisting on this racist conspiracy theory for 8 years. except it doesn't.
campaign announces texas lt. governor to serve as state chairman
surprised you didn't name abbott &amp; give him big $$ as thanx 4 tossing out suit.
more people took a ride in yesterday than attended rally
you just keep on going with that same half baked point, don't you?
also congrats on the new gig &lt;3
thx!!! &lt;3
i wonder if he knows that some people screamed about parking spaces during a community board meeting.
it's wild that the greater number of bikes (and consequently humans) in former car spaces isn't more evident to more people
wow. backpage just got annihilated-have to turn over *all* documents, all privileges waived.
this is the case that wrote about a few days ago. hard to overstate the disaster this is for backpage.
live on : singing tswift in central park ...
bitch how long u in the city for &amp; if u dodge me again we r fighting
look at this big one
come to bryant park rn
black logo tees available online now
wtf, every time i quote a tweet it gets posted as a regular tweet??????
1. 1st time i was called a n***** lover at school i was 9. i asked my mother what it was. she slapped me. "don't ever say that evil word!"
we used to drive cross country to florida to visit my grandparents when i was a child. those were only times i heard the n word. 1/2
the only "fake gamer" is any boy who beat dark souls but never beat demon's souls.
i never touched either one?? does that make me a ghost gamer
sick but expected from trump supporters so many are nasty &amp; hateful. no arguments just low abuse.
sharon, you are in the initial stages of "hillary is 1 sick bitch" take 2 a day
wow it felt like a knife was in my stomach for a few seconds that was fun.
all i did was eat mac and cheese. why.
she knew that rose was going to wear a condom, so i think she is mad that he used a condom.
she might have felt insulted that rose felt the need to use a condom with her.
and in any case, russia wasn't and isn't "greatest geopolitical foe" of us. problem is putin, not russian people.
you don't actually think romney was referring to the russian people.
lol no and this reminds me of something would say
those boys are cute boys though
so happy to get another card this year. it's an amaaaaazing thing for families. thanks .
how do you get that?
yooooo lemme see what i got going on. only thing is i'm pretty broke ):
well just shoot me a text and maybe we can figure something out. 7164792796
zensar presents 'return on digital' for profitable outcomes at are you attending open world?
yes come to data-driven ecosystems: delivered by ge predix and oracle cloud [mte1913]
yaphank ny fri 9/16/16 three car mva injures 2 on sills rd
thanks for the rt!!!!
man brought down by own dick
man brought down by own dick is the sister site of my newest news venture:
ignore that conservatives criticize the media for reporting the truth. for fact-checking. for saying global warming is real.
yes. the earth has been warming for the most part since the last ice age. i don't think many dispute this.
white people don't need "safe spaces" in america. white people don't routinely experience inequity by race in this country.
there's no outrage at that. but y'all fighting with black people for wanting to go to school?
since i'm off this weekend, it truly is tgif for me! lol
that really is a tgif!
the djolefam using muzz to whine about fatigue need to realize the guy's grandpa just died. he's more than likely mentally wiped.
oooops. didn't think of that! totally forgot.
shove this up your shep smith fox news ass, idiot
. it doesn't matter anymore, why bring it up. hillary was born in america and she will be 10x worse the obama.
more trump conspiracies: -mexico sending "rapists" -cruz's father and jfk -muslims celebrating 9/11 2/x
why do you think the public don't trust people like you....or do you think they were talking about others?
not in terms of relationship with us/foreign policy. they key shift happened in 2012.
the key shift happened when putin stole half of georgia and no one cared.
don't miss out on the limited edition tour jacket and more merch!
just ordered mine! love you guys
laguardia is kind of like an airport only much much shittier
*shirtless guy covered with flies walks past*
have those people ever voted for democrats in the modern era? that's one component, i wouldn't say flocking
the kkk endorsed reagan in one of his pres. elections. unbidden, he denounced them w/in hours. unlike trump who played
this what side u on b?
why you tryna knock the man for speaking his mind
angie finally admitted it
shut up i ain't gay
this is the case that wrote about a few days ago. hard to overstate the disaster this is for backpage.
worst of all, it's a totally self-inflicted wound. backpage didn't file a privilege log, and so waived all privileges. huge error by counsel
i don't ask to be excused, i just pray they think it was someone else :x
yeah, but do you do it 4 and 5 times in a row and simply hope? at what point do you say something or get up?
probably from a blog
your sister was accused "of raping" a nigga. i read it in a blog.
bye . i'll never watch again. if this were 1930s germany, would you tousle hitler's hair for ratings. you're a disgrace.
it's a tv show. is trump occupying that much of your brain? why does election have to be vicious?
what's a good game to download on your phone sos
words with friends!!! outdated but it's fun
wait, was there ever a time when people used words like "love" and "god" as passwords instead of, say, "admin" or a birthdate?
i'm pretty sure matthew lillard's character is just an amalgam of burning man stereotypes (yes, including tech skills)
the irrational idea that humans are mostly irrational. my newest in
gosh, you're just so *counterintuitive* and so *against the *grain*. you're such *maverick* and such a *contrarian*.
you can tell has been waiting to get this off her chest for a long time:
is melania going to plagiarize this speech too?
just kidding fool. i was actually looking at the blast and was impressed
did you get the email? i was about to send it to ya from the doc's office. hahaha
have those people ever voted for democrats in the modern era? that's one component, i wouldn't say flocking
dumb, later blamed an earpiece even though there was no evidence anywhere in interview of his inability to hear
laying in our beds watching big brother together. wya???
tryna make you guys love me from not so far, worth a shot
omg ill share when i get them off my other phone it's fucking hilarious
yes abe omg poor aubrey is going to want to flip when she sees these later in the future
mt : washington dc is broken, but founders gave states a tool to fix it!
everybody should check this out. very important! all american citizens you have the right to stop the abuse of power
i miss you: your company, your charm, your very being.
i'm always there with you. when there was only one set of footprints, that's when i was napping
it's hard to not laugh at the guy dancing in the middle of the street but then you remember mental illness and hope he doesn't get hit
what's crazy is those people have/had family's &amp; go home at night.
oh, how close to mtv are you? i yet have to take the ritual trip there, but when i do, meeting w/ local friends would be .
i'm pretty close to mountain view, actually.
&amp; u blocked me for 1 tweet asking about ur political research into gitmo or iran deal. what a thin-skinnned twerp
hey mcwhoever you are. come out from behind momma twitter's skirt or crawl back to your crib.
y'all already hate me for trying to ship this
what is this from?
rep. sean duffy says on cnn that hillary never apologized for the rogue volunteer, apparently unaware that trump *didn't apologize* today.
has trump apologized for his innumerable racist supporters?
starting with a trainer today... wish me luck!
really, it is the only way to go ;) as much as my trainer works me hard, worth it :d
get well soon bro. we don't have to believe the same thing for me to respect your intention. peace
..much love my good brother
have you been briefed for pcori session yet? helping them track down epatients who haven't chatted with them yet :]
not yet!! would be happy to chat with them.
1. 1st time i was called a n***** lover at school i was 9. i asked my mother what it was. she slapped me. "don't ever say that evil word!"
i still remember telling the kids that it was wrong to use the "n" word. my mom told me how proud of me she was. proud of my parents
it smells too strongly of msg and i'm not sure about this.
bet it would be really good on some bulgogi.
i've gone night hiking to a waterfall, so that we could sit next to it &amp; smoke dope. it was great. ah, my 20s.
there's a bunch of waterfalls up in ithaca ny. beautiful stuff. weed kills
i'd totally watch a show where the superhero was defeated, and the villains only had each other to worry about.
the governor vs. negan..... would've been good.
you losing bro points complimenting my wife
oh shit my b
my grandmother has a larger tv than i do then again she spends more time on that than i do
your grandmother sounds awesome.
but more importantly getting mad at people getting mad? mike ur better than this
i'm not defending his comments, i'm not endorsing his statement. i don't think a culture has a right to own a hairstyle.
more trump conspiracies: -mexico sending "rapists" -cruz's father and jfk -muslims celebrating 9/11 2/x
advocacy is fine if you make it clear you are advocating...but you claim to be objective...you call that lying
have those people ever voted for democrats in the modern era? that's one component, i wouldn't say flocking
question. and no, never have multiple white power groups come out so strongly and so explicitly for a candidate
thats me for the past 11 years
i rly don't know why this is happening it was literally like 5 mins after i ate
i am not involved in politics in any way.
your only flaw
we need your support to get to the white house and defeat . let's make america great again!
prez, please stop bickering with "crooked hillary" and focus on what the american people really need, jobs, housing, etc...
bragging rights: florida tops california as state producing the most nfl players. 202 on opening-week rosters.
and you would think texas since football is all they know but nope.
wait why is that?
you earn more event points when the event song is open! it's how i preserve candies
newsflash for leftist comedians: making fun of donald trump isn't edgy. it's not daring. you're a basic bitch.
dammit boy..... lmao! i hear u those bitch's
she might very well have been subjected to sexual harassment.
but since sexual harassment is not a crime in the us, it becomes a civil court matter.
what'd you make yourself?
6"10 point forward
donald trump spent five years lying about 's citizenship. he can't just take that back.
note to : no one cares! explain in detail why u went to such lengths 2 scrub 30k emails! who does that?!
help lorena, diane told me about you. i just got in today, let me know if you are free to meet!
:) 7pm lobby? we'll work it out then and there?
every capricorn i know is a thot
you remember my friend shelly pooh shes a capricorn lol .
he-bot is correct. g4 had a show called icons: playstation.
g4 tv was great
i make use of lists a lot. which means, i don't "follow" people, but i do. they just don't know it. creates an interesting dynamic.
actually when you add people to lists they do know about it. unless the list is private.
wait why is that?
tho that could just be because i'm trying to see how many events i can tier in a row
whatcha thinkin?
which nostril to pick first?
so i dreamed was pregnant again lmao
fuck no dude i'm good lol. i'm ok with the only one i have rn lmao
selling my fav goth shoes/clothes, concert tickets &amp; soul bc my life revolves around my favorite band and i need to give them money
lol good luck
cannot wait till next month when i finally move out, my sister won't be grabbing my shit w/o asking anymore
what where are you moving too?
today i finally admitted that trump was born in the devil's colon.
it's obvious that you were. you are vulgar hateful &amp; vile.
man down.
terrible. just terrible.
i mistook burt reynolds for tom selleck. you mistook donald trump for a decent presidential candidate.
in fairness, they look fucking identical, and you are not a thousand years old. so...
i've been treating myself everyday this week
yea but you deserve it
this evening may get very interesting.
celebrating anything in particular or just life in general
taking it with me on vacation next month. will take a picture of your book in monterey! *moves it up the list*
i'm less than two hours from monterey. gorgeous beach!
i feel that for every 30 minutes a flight is delayed, each passenger should receive one free drink ticket.
cc // flight vx27 if you'd like to make a fan for life and potentially have a viral social media marketing campaign.
have those people ever voted for democrats in the modern era? that's one component, i wouldn't say flocking
post-civil rights era. so no, the attempt at false equivalencies don't work here. which means the voters voting for
don't blame me, i voted for bill the cat.
do blame me, i voted for jill stein.
no calling them out for protecting hillary
oh please. show me me where hillary ever questioned obamas legitimacy &amp; don't reference that bs "as far as i know"
marc jacobs has been accused of 'cultural appropriation' over models' dreadlock hairstyles
this is getting so tedious.
bet it would be really good on some bulgogi.
y'know how home cooked food is like healthily bland in comparison to the 1-minutes-in-the-microwave type stuff.
i been tucking in my shirts for about two years now idk when it became a fad it pissing me off tho. i look normal now
i thought this said fucking instead of tucking...because i've been fucking in my tees for years.
funny that you say you were the last "real nigga" nicki held but she didn't even remember meeting you prior to the pnp video
if you were a "real nigga" then she would've remembered you...
hillary clinton just played 'i feel good' by james brown - who died of pneumonia (video)
let her feel good with james brown. too bad she didn't really have pneumonia.
jimmy fallon literally had hitler on his show last night. omg like wtf. i can't breathe. i can't even....
omg i've been crying all day, how could you have a. instead like that on your show. i can't even get out of bed.
so this was a show?
seriously. zero awareness
trump's despicable 5-year stunt is not over. neither is the controversy over his tax returns.
obama's a kenyan muslim who filled his admin with sharia law muzzies, nominated a muzzie to fed judge. you're a low brow fool
the question about gender identity is if you castrate a young man before puberty is it a sexual assault?
the jews don't seem to think so.
y'all can't afford marc jacobs that why.
giirl w those eyebrows i would keep my mouth shut
i'll be there.
i'm so proud of you all, wish i could be with you there.
i'm not defending his comments, i'm not endorsing his statement. i don't think a culture has a right to own a hairstyle.
&amp; i do think it's problematic that he didn't use black models, but not bc he used dreads / but bc like why not
nfl: "the average audience watching 'tnf' on twitter properties was 243k with each viewer watching an average of 22 minutes of game action."
do you know how that number fared vs. their expectations?
this is so cute
i'd be pissed. we're the fuck is my cinnabun??
awww doc is such nice person! so what did lin say to mike d'antoni that he was going to kenny instead?
i have no idea. i get impression mike, by owners wishes, was commited from start to making harden pg. mike is glad for lin
nothing better than being thanked and hugged by a student after introducing their class to google classroom.
they love it!
you and cnn got owned good. awesome to watch your stupid faces.
good old ,"journalist",&amp; until recently,dumb enough to have his mug on the clinton foundation site
jimmy fallon literally had hitler on his show last night. omg like wtf. i can't breathe. i can't even....
omg i've been crying all day. how could you have a monster like that on your show. can't even get out of bed.
clearly, i'm sure valbo has few vulnerable moments! very tempting for a student
probably also for all his mpc followers as well.
yes joe spread the lie, and polifact, factcheck and cnn have debunked it.
that wasnt joe who said it, it was bloombergs managing editor heilleman.
psst, he called hispanics murderers and rapists..
murders and rapists, but in a good way.
i want to!!! i'll be home
please hannah
have those people ever voted for democrats in the modern era? that's one component, i wouldn't say flocking
trump are explicit bigots or are undisturbed &amp; indifferent to the vocalness of this support. basically, if any voter
sf already has the bay area market &amp; nfl will simply televise games there, no biggie.
really because when the raiders left la for oakland they didn't televise any games in la
and the comes out!
hope you go on tv and straighten them out..good luck!
they mentioned this on the project last night
i thought i'd get in early , actually makes you think about the nature of privilege as you slash away
tho that could just be because i'm trying to see how many events i can tier in a row
am i gonna use up 80 candies though? i have... many. the first event i played was the yc collab tour and
time. read this and you could win a code for on xbox one. good luck.
duncan ap-3 because he's badass!
sutro baths
thanks!
you're probably making fun, but you don't see much peace in africa, the middle east or south america.
ah yes, all those wars started by south american countries
are you ready for on 9/18?! ( by )
yes! i'll be there :)
is there anyway i can change the email address have on this account
if you have a case number let us know what it is so we can help! if not, make sure to file one here.
if we are free people, we are also in a sense free to choose our past, at every moment to choose the tradition we will bring to the future.
^^that's muriel rukeyser, from the life of poetry (now somebody tell )
*goes to * "we rate trump's claim false." ok, greg.
hmmmmm. a clinton advisor pushed it? oh my
hillary and kkk byrd put their racist heads together. it's where she got super predator.
. i guess we can agree that racism is deplorable-we part ways in the capacity we each have for objective grasp for actual fact.
800,000 people watched a watermelon explode on facebook
but everyone i follow on twitter was watching it!!!
have those people ever voted for democrats in the modern era? that's one component, i wouldn't say flocking
wondered what they would do had they grown up in germany in the '30s, they now have their answer.
so many friends from haiti, like the hundred of friends he lost in the tower collapse?
and the thousands celebrating in jersey city.
am i gonna use up 80 candies though? i have... many. the first event i played was the yc collab tour and
my acct is like 11 months old and i have login bonuses from like 9-10 months
as long as it takes one to farm out one's scut-work to one's proxies.
even if that narrative is correct, sid blumenthal (who i assume is who you mean) didn't *create* birtherism either.
he's the biggest crook ever/totally ignorant/no public service only served himself ever.
the word u r looking 4 is ....smart biz man !! now, hillary is the very crooked politician
yet another dope look of the night. wanna know where i got it? shop
here these official video shop
i guess even reading is a subjective act
yep. we fit the view to our frame, by and large.
senate leaders are putting politics above their basic responsibility to hold a hearing for judge garland.
the next u.s. president will be here in the blink of an eye, wait for that. let the next pres. nominate the next judge.
i'm so disgusted by that girl who plotted via twitter and murdered kendra child's. i really hope she rots in hell after someone kills her
like she really... just no comment. every time i see it i just ugh
geno can you give the link to your nfl betting podcast please. big fan
thanks pal... easy enough? week 2 podcast should be up by tomorrow morning :-)
thankyou for sponsoring follow the link to purchase your tickets today!
we are so happy to be able to participate in such a worthwhile event! looking forward to a spectacular night!
it is her testimony that she was passed out. it was his testimony that he took the condom. read this:
if she is claiming that she "was passed out", then she can't rightly claim anything more than that.
"the sky belongs to the stars" buddy holly .
wrote &amp; recorded "not fade away" before the &amp; .great song!!
follow her she's the best
wow pete means alot
wow. backpage just got annihilated-have to turn over *all* documents, all privileges waived.
a story made for if there ever was one. first amendment, sex ads, attorney mistakes... has it all!
ignoring all the problems hrc has helps no-one. best case is she wins, and pressure pushes her to the left.
not sure what scandals you're referring to above, but this stuff about birtherism is really, really a reach.
a few people are. and i didn't name you specifically, or anyone, i was making a general statement
me too. just trying to state where i'm coming from. love a healthy discussion
too bad the vatican's can't join.
the non ceremonial swiss guards are actually legit bad ass.
donald trump's ridiculous claim that hillary clinton started the birther movement
trump says shit he doesn't believe to stay at the top of 24 news cycle none have determined pit bull countermeasures
the order based on positional &amp; contextual is valuable
i agree. we need both :)
how do you know it's was an actual insulin needle? oh wait cause it's li
lmfaoooo :// i'm not even from a bad area !
he has a kreidhat
jesus he looks so much like kev in this pic
does that say more about football vs exploding watermelon or twitter vs facebook?
i think it shows interest in 'premium live streams' way less than people think
rt if you were a true youtube kid
satelite days
am i the only one who is clueless as to how i make notifications disappear quickly on ios 10? my experience has been clunky so far.
hold and swipe up quick
dem senator: clinton was wrong to make "basket of deplorables" remark
- not really. i think it's a great handle. have you seen these people ??
this guy sending out edits like its 2005
that's the sly show segment of the email blast.
not sure what scandals you're referring to above, but this stuff about birtherism is really, really a reach.
smoking guns about campaign strategies they never quite tried aren't smoking guns at all.
yeah cause they are showing mark that they want the raiders, city of oakland has not.
so why is raiders rep larry mcneil, nfl, lott group, the city of oakland and alameda county working together?
i heard the word "game" during the pre-briefing. mario in the ocloud now as well (not only in apple store)???
maas - mario-as-a-service
a story made for if there ever was one. first amendment, sex ads, attorney mistakes... has it all!
not to mention a grade a bench-slap. holy cow. going to be a looooong weekend for these lawyers. hope none of them are on vacation.
personally should be extradited, his illness should be taken into account in sentencing, but he threatened us national security.
no, the people who wrote that security code endangered national security by doing a shitty job.
"on november 8, you will decide whether we have a president who believes in science and will fight climate change-or not." -
after the , man-made is the biggest in the history of the planet!
terrific. thanks to "the unsung heroes of arts administration"
thank you so much for spreading the word!
ok had to dig, where are our wedding photos?!! only found these 2 -shades
so where r these pics
more trump conspiracies: -mexico sending "rapists" -cruz's father and jfk -muslims celebrating 9/11 2/x
just so you know...all trump said was why wasn't anyone looking into enquirer article &amp; didn't say what u claimed
i hear ya! did 300lbs sf &gt; nyc. a dolley/cart thing was essential. (also cost only $145 or so)
perhaps eight smaller boxes. tho i like transcending attachment to material objects.
to listen to you bash the teachers union while you push your crap agenda for the rich &amp; condescend &amp; bully everyone? no thanks
note: he bashes the union not the teachers. so attend the meeting and voice your concerns in person.
the twitter stream was 1 minute behind/delayed from live tv. my guess is that's the buffer time to curate?
scoreboard was about ~30 secs behind tv but tweets were not. so that's a surprise.
no thanks girly
yesssss don't u love those
my acct is like 11 months old and i have login bonuses from like 9-10 months
up to you what you wanna do!! it's just my suggestion !
releasing tax returns isn't a requirement, being a natural born citizen is. like it or not,
it's american tradition.
it is her testimony that she was passed out. it was his testimony that he took the condom. read this:
how did the notion of a condom even arise? i suppose a condom is a given when prostitution is involved.
waaaaay above my pay grade. got any thoughts, ? ?
it's all relative! it hit 90 degrees on wednesday! can we settle on "crisp"?
as for my other friend... 2 years. we were both athletes but he had a record. as for my new facebook friend he walked away scott free.
bing crosby was from spokane. what's going on?
nice, ! thanks for the screenshot! / types discredit themselves nicely
so what, i wrote cock.
smoking guns about campaign strategies they never quite tried aren't smoking guns at all.
and in any case sid blumenthal didn't invent birtherism, even if he tried to profit by it. so again no genesis.
i am so grateful for this experience. please watch if you want to see me read poems from the book and newer work!
yes please!
r u falling 4 her crap? she is pandering every1, black, hispanics, whites etc... she uses &amp; abuses us
really! how do i hit her back? with the hot sauce battle?
jill! congrats!! if by sea you mean southeast asia, let's chat! i'm going to thailand &amp; japan in november!
omg yes! that *is* what i mean! i don't have an exact itinerary yet but i will definitely be in thailand! we will have to dm :]
i am not involved in politics in any way.
drop zone or point break - the world needs to know
fans will continue to watch games &amp; team will prosper in
sure ricky lv is depending on 33% if outsiders to come to games that's never been done
yes, you do do that. but what about the brooks column?
i'm a millennial advisor not lecturer
i'm pretty sure matthew lillard's character is just an amalgam of burning man stereotypes (yes, including tech skills)
i guess the only options for men's hair in mid-'90s nyc were either a curly grunge mop or an obviously dyed caesar cut?
since i didn't do anything for my b-day wednesday. i'm turning up all weekend. saturday night magoo's come show me some love guys
we in there heavy
i always find it funny when players are fined for group celebrations, but packers are allowed to jump in the stands because it is tradition.
player/players running to another one and hugging him after scoring a td a "group" celebration? is it abt choreography?
we by union square
damn. see you tonight!
annnnddd we circle back to the problem... you are responsible but as per usual, (black) men aren't accountable
yeah but you just blamed someone else for how women behave at times. so women aren't accountable?
got a child at my house today so it looks like i'm watching supergirl until this all blows over
i'm tired of all these secret super hacker/scientist hybrids on these shows arghhh
besides the revival, who has been the best tag team in the world this year?
heath slater and rhyno
waiting in a taxi line at la guardian. i think this is what hell is like
i hope that's the new nickname for the paper.
okay cool! if you can find them at next break-mark-or i can help you find them (i'm 3rd row from front on left)
i'm in the second row. right side of the stage if you are facing the stage.
more trump conspiracies: -mexico sending "rapists" -cruz's father and jfk -muslims celebrating 9/11 2/x
just so you know, trump was asked to comment on cruz's father's attacks on him...that's when he posed his question.
fred trump isn't running for president. i don't visit the sins of the father on his son.
. point was early inculcation of contempt for "the other" in the trump family. if trump and trump jr. didn't show it it'd be moot.
odell beckham jr. + victor cruz were each fined $12,154 for unsportsmanlike conduct after cruz's td, presumably group celebration. absurd.
why was cruz fined? is he not allowed to salsa now? if they wanted to fine someone just should be obj for "taking the pic"
the hell does that even mean?
it means that he signed the pledge to support the eventual nominee &amp; has reneged. what a guy!
today in norway i was like stevie nicks. i climbed a mountain and i turned around.
social media game strong today.
making acceptable the hijab which represents middle ages style sharia law oppression and murder in the 21st century
i would have walked out
mango is pretty solid. apples could be interesting. peas ....
but that's salsa, not guac.
as my to tech journalism, plz enjoy this photo i found in our cms from when i was an intern
(also sea meaning south east asia not seattle!)
"we deserve a president...who believes that each of us is part of the american story, and we're always stronger together." -
- what part of you has never told the truth in the past 20 yrs ?? you can't run on anything you have ever done. !!!
the office got blessed by the adidas gods today. thank u
you get those unreleased sambas?
this is the first time in a while that i feel normal. not exhausted or weak - just as i should be. ain't gonna hold me back
so happy to hear that,right
it is her testimony that she was passed out. it was his testimony that he took the condom. read this:
"doe had a child with another athlete (she doesn't)"&lt;--if she had an abortion, then she did have a child.
had to erase my doodles at . getting ready for fall program in a week! excited for our to arrive
we have a feeling they won't be gone for long
you troll, casey. very troll. ps: when will we get to hear you again on the vergecast? could get some trolling, too.
i want to do my own podcast. about millennials
i also forwarded you another interesting game
was that pankapu? i'll get to that soon. got an old demo here, so thanks for the heads up that it's done, :d
..you are family uncle bo!
hugs. can't wait to see the boys
devastated. just learned that police in columbus, ohio shot &amp; killed a 13 y/o black boy named last night. youngest since tamir.
had a black beebee gun that looks exactly like a real firearm. you jackasses! u think the jobs easy. you go fuxkin do it
so he lets his son give khutba but he isn't the best speaker
i'll check it out. is the khutba in english ?
damn this a nice pic!!
thank you
ab's all the way, but the boks will put up a good fight. will make for a good spectacle; can't wait!
nice. one day soon i hope to see the test on twitter like last night's brilliant 1st ever stream.
tite. you gonna actually wear them? those gonna get smudged so quick.
yeah going to have be careful with them, but, whatevs
more trump conspiracies: -mexico sending "rapists" -cruz's father and jfk -muslims celebrating 9/11 2/x
it's on fox &amp; friends. kornacki was 1st to distort what trump said...&amp; so you're probably repeating 2d/3d hand info
i'm staying in the sheraton and working in dumbo
try juliana's and grimaldi's note these are thin neapolitan pies. di farros is a classic nyc pizza
20 yrs ago dad brought us here during our cross country drive to cali! no better way 2celebrate my bday
happy birthday my fellow virgo enjoy it
be safe bro, get turnt up over there!
we'll get lit when i'm back bro
"doe had a child with another athlete (she doesn't)"&lt;--if she had an abortion, then she did have a child.
having an abortion does not negate the existence of said aborted child, albeit the short existence of that child.
np its quite useful. and yea hope you're doing well and fighting the good fight bud :)
likewise. would def appreciate any more useful links on this subject if you happen to have any. cheers.
so trump was a clinton supporter. i knew it!
all the video of trump show him saying "i'm doing this for hilary" anyone who buys that is already on
yo bro i really fucking love this ! this is sooo dope
get this out my mentions homo lmao
mic geronimo?
i just found the single a couple weeks ago in an old pile of "stuff" in my closet. about to bump it in a few.
fraternal order of police union endorses trump
endorse a man ho would gut their union in a heartbeat. mind boggling.
damn. see you tonight!
yes i have a copy of the zine 4 ya
nielsen takes per-minute average. 2.1m is better comp to 800k watermelon meaning total # of people who tuned in at one point
fair enough. but! more than 10 million total people watched the watermelon in total
when you are thinking about getting your hair done but you realize because your hair is think they will charge you extra..
is that true? beauty salons really charge extra based on the texture of your hair??
we all know milner at lb hardly ideal. but i truly give him immense credit for his hard work and how he has handled that role.
he had that great tackle in the second half that i think unfortunately earned him more time there.
22 minutes is the big deal. 2.1 million viewers disappointing though, tbh
is 22 mins a lot? for a football game?
walks out of gre blasts kanyes college dropout
hard work pays off little one
this is the grotesque opposite of a taco truck on every corner. (via )
good point! this is exactly why we need a taco truck on every corner. (and people) should know better
donald trump spent five years lying about 's citizenship. he can't just take that back.
- how many laws have you broke in the past 5 yrs - !! ?? too many to count !! you should be in prison for perjury
it's solar switch-on day! as of right now, we are generating more energy than we are using, even with our big, dumb, central ac running.
are you able to sell it back to the grid for maximum profit?
yeah. but you also have the blessing of being able to burn it all off.
seriously. dude's a stick. i'm always afraid i'm gonna break him in half whenever i hug him.
trump wanted to show that he's put his birther affiliations behind him. so he embraced ... a birther.
. did this grand wizard leave his white sheet at home or did trump want to wear it for his meeting tonight.
they exist?
before this season started multiple people talked to me about their love for peepee's new cosplay style of drag
my new metaphor for daytime twitter (in the americas) is that it's a giant coffee shop for all of the underemployed artists to congregate.
how's everyone doing this afternoon? i only have a few things to take care of and then i think things are going okay.
thanks for the tip! we love vsco and are juuust getting in to boomerang. looking forward to testing others!
yay! glad you loved them!
i can't wait until trump makes america great again, because this sucks! @ red mountain pass
does look like a great place for an immigrant resettlement facility
1/if a fleet of self-driving cars on the road no longer counts as innovation, we're screwed.
true, we didn't touch on that, but could def change the equation. thoughts on this from ?
dude i totally rigged the vote. by any objective standard the dks are the better poster.
and it also has the word "butthole" on it, can't wait to hear from hr on that one
will the bridge be open?
what bridge? if it has a gate, maybe it will maybe it won't.
women of color aren't critiqued for straight hair because we have been forced to assimilate to fit in
id love to wear my natural curly hair to a job interview but due to systematic racism, that presents me as "unprofessional"
before this season started multiple people talked to me about their love for peepee's new cosplay style of drag
and were looking forward to seeing her on this season of all stars. no thank you maam.
my mom told me to find myself a nice latino because "los gueros no me hacen bien."
apparently i need to find myself a nice latino, currently accepting applications.
heading up to tomorrow morning for some in
what day are you going? i'll be there sunday
how's everyone doing this afternoon? i only have a few things to take care of and then i think things are going okay.
not so depressed about the state of the world or my ability to take care of my basic needs and wants.
i mean really.
and one more thing jimmy fallon didn't mention.
wow, we're going thru full leftist playbook in 5 minutes. no debate, deny, denigrate, ad homenim, block
did a big bad liberal make you cry, little girl? use your real name, then come and talk like an adult.
that's how i like my [korean] miso soup.
apparently the right stuff but, guys, i made soap [as opposed to the comforting soup ahjuma would make].
misleading tweet, dude. they fired someone who tried to push it inside the campaign, never let it out.
nope, they used her so they could spread it to media then let her go.
it is her testimony that she was passed out. it was his testimony that he took the condom. read this:
"falsely stating doe had a child...&amp; that she "was looking for it."&lt;--she was looking for sex, or for her child?
heard the single dickhead
nah it's lit i felt that on a spiritual level
selfie, soundcheck party, and some free jm stuff :)
are you ever gunna do one in the bay??
start warming up that tv.
uh - texas a&amp;m and auburn are both in the sec... no big 12 teams in that game...
they never have,,
never look it up yourself
found this online... must be the newest shit!
that's freaking awesome =) will suggest as logo
electron and cef use window for communication with 'the outside'
thanks, can you comment about it here
this conversation was not about birtherism. it was about the claim that obama is a muslim. there is a difference.
why isn't ari correcting trump's campaign people?
you're all the way in ny boy lmao
where are you
no lie, kenyon's has some good ass pizza
interesting, never tried it. better than fred's?
wait what is sea
south east asia :]
that's not tonight is it :(
lol no. it's next thursday
in this wk's e-pistle, gives suggestions to churches about inc 1 of 's 4 f's in services.
how cool of you! woof!
categorically or as opposed to tv?
as opposed to tv
cps blog: icymi @ , josh pasek's ( ) work on identifying the sources of scientific illiteracy
gov docs r one: in obama cmssn rpt - internet voting in the usa: history and prospects
looks like sentry does almost exactly what i want.
still rough around the edges (very diff than standard error reporting), but we're pushing forward
boy was in a dead sprint the whole way too
blood backed out that 40 times real quick
gaby roslin: i was punched in face in front of kids on oxford street
- must have been one of 's deplorables in holiday there !!!
no again she is the one that's weak.
keep trolling , ur just sending the fence sitters to hrc /anyone who buys what ur selling is voting trump already.
14 young black and latina girls went missing in bronx all around the same time and no one seems to give a fuck.
it's because these girls came from low income neighborhoods all throughout the bronx. if they were rich &amp; white this wouldn't be the issue.
ok , who is going to ?
i'll be there all week.
i cancelled it cuz i couldn't pay it. i'll get it again when i start working though
stack up are you back in lb?
it's really disheartening to see how shady people are. we've had so many fake emails claiming to be the giveaway winner. like, seriously?
oh no. that's unfortunate
behind the scenes at slackhq.
damnit if i'd used the proper handle that would have popped up in the channel and made everything better.
i find it hard to believe it will take that long but that's what it says
who do these googles think they are!
go outside &amp; get some paca love babe. breathe
sound advice. thanks
i guess - i don't think insiders realize that cheating on taxes would get him more votes
i think the bigger concern would be that it reveals he's a lot less wealthy than he actually is.
massive ifsc wall. /photo via shauna coxsey
had to google that one
14 young black and latina girls went missing in bronx all around the same time and no one seems to give a fuck.
it's because these girls came from low income neighborhoods all throughout the bronx. if they were rich and white this wouldn't be the case.
i'm pretty sure that's shark body language for, "who wants to dance?"
such a big fish. been in that same water with them a lot over the past few weeks. namaste
there's a pic of judge dabbing
damn i thought he was the muscle bro!
i was interested in seeing her try to redeem herself but not from a fans perspective. i don't see her in the same ranks as the rest
she really failed at redemption
it's really disheartening to see how shady people are. we've had so many fake emails claiming to be the giveaway winner. like, seriously?
use rafflecopter. it's so helpful
have a great time *gritted teeth* - most of all good luck for tomorrow
fear not: and i will bring all the learnings to next month's healthcare panel .
the security is supposed to be the real estate. so making me pay so the bank gets doubly paid if i default is scammy.
if your house is worth less than you borrowed when you walk, the bank isn't made whole w/o insurance.
old people always be tumbling on the bus because they always wanna stand up like two stops before theirs lmao it's so funny
lmao or they try to get up 2 blocks before their stop and crawl under ur arm and fall and get mad at u
the facial hair question is back
i vote grow it out and that's really the only opinion that matters (except gf unless it differes from mine)
let's go together like tomorrow
already had our best friend tat planned out and you'd absolutely love it, but def still open to more suggestions
pretty sweet giant bundle of cold email templates and resources inbound: gh:
do i get that photo of your face as a life-sized poster also!?
they want too much in return.
you do understand that sheldon also wants part of the raiders right?
and jesse jackson said trump was a champion of minority empowerment.
. i couldn't find the jesse jackson reference in the article. only this.
yes, this is why i don't get my hair done. i get your hair is too thick i won't do it or an extra 100 charge.
never heard of that before. thank god i know people lol who will do it for free.
not taking a position, curious for opinions: what if the subway had surge pricing?
that turns out to be a deeply regressive tax on the poor
for sure! one of my favorite tools for the learner centered classroom.
i love showing them how to collaborate in goggle docs they think it's magic!!
5/ "how quickly the world owes him something he knew only existed 10 seconds ago" - louis ck
with respect, i don't think my default disposition as a journalist should be unreserved praise. that's an investor's job :)
we were so lucky to have play jane in at 54 below! here she is singing "the ocean"
brb crying.
looking for networking events to attend in atlanta. is biz bash a database for ppl looking to throw an event or do you post events?
hi there! we're a an events magazine and cover all related to the event industry. check us out at
just read on some site france is preparing civil war against muslims.as a jew i look forward to this,anti semitic france against well u know
no it's a misread france is preparing to surrender in a civil war
lmfao cus niggas be thinking they on the wave of that one song
shit gets me hot!!!
facts. what you doing out the wastelands though?
work mostly. i'm out tomorrow tho.
if your house is worth less than you borrowed when you walk, the bank isn't made whole w/o insurance.
probably not many banks get "double paid" per se. that said, it's still bullshit and the insurance should benefit the payer.
saturday, we're gonna drive up early tomorrow
oh bummer i'm working all day saturday so i won't be around. would have loved to see you!
one of the best choreographed routines i've ever seen, and maybe my favorite number from the movie.
love this movie
one of my songs just got approved for something huge. told y'all to stop sleeping but u didn't listen smh
bro congrats!!!
my job gave me two days off in a row next week &amp; i'm honestly contemplating going back down to miami...
or fly to ny for redux
people in these streets are saying good cooking and sex are good enough reasons to marry so was just suggesting
can't trust people on these streets with such
what about green butts? &gt;:c
i have no comeback to this. :p
they should just completely
yes. boycott trump. do not give him any more attention or press time
i'm sure you don't. that's what happens when neighborhoods are taken over. your building gets tagged... thoughts?
fwiw pretty sure that biz has been there for years.
fine. i'm holding you to that tho
yes i miss you katie and jenna!! i want to go back down to tampa soon
so of us are, e.g. just waiting on kbl-y laptops to show up for the latest stuff
don't forget to look at speedshift
the only photo you can take of a tourist location that hasent been done before and far better,...
that is a gorgeous selfie too!
newsflash for leftist comedians: making fun of donald trump isn't edgy. it's not daring. you're a basic bitch.
trump is dope. hilary is doped.
come thru to the giants store after first pitch
the one next to the third street bridge
take it from someone who lives in the white house - trump isn't ready to be president. period.
- says the first muslim family to ever live in our white house ! obama has done more to destroy our country than any president
is this yours or a bootleg? yours is a different shade of blue, correct?
it could be the lighting of the pic taken, u can never get that exact blue all the time.
"you're wearing a color today, what's wrong" -everyone, anytime i wear any shade but pure black
freal tho. or if i wear boots instead of sneakers.
get the one for singles.... it applies better. that's more of a guide to relationship fixing....
word, will do! thx dc
u didn't know rozelle the for la by to televise the games in la?
ricky stop with all the emoji's just type you're a grown man
this seems to fix my problem. thank you so much.
cool, did you give it a try locally? if so i'll update the tests and push a new release
you'll be okay. i hate exams like those. the gre was the last one i had to take, thankfully
me, too. =/ thank you for the encouragement though!
it could be the lighting of the pic taken, u can never get that exact blue all the time.
if it's a bootleg, thanks for driving sales my way lol
the m1a super match is the culmination of unsurpassed workmanship. - see it here -
wow! purdy. bet it kicks like a stallion
shepherd,you've become a pos scumbag!its become so obvious that ur very jealous of trump.i hope ur ratings plunge!
shepturd has been on my list ever since he sensationalized ferguson beyond reason. he'd do much better with the ny daily news
my vim is so slow now that i installed a bunch of plugins loooool
what's your vimrc
i do not know. maybe knows.
please tase him just to be safe.
looking up canning how to guides and had to assure i was spelling it right, because all i could think of was the caning antidote.
this is important. it is very hard to fit many tomatoes in a cane.
this image needs to be printed and put on all the walls of the verge office in ny and sf. lol
we're seeing if we can get it as an oil painting
.'s work as lgbt reporter put near the forefront of justice coverage. disappointed that this is no longer true.
(although it will definitely continue to be true wherever works)
on one hand y'all should expect these chip covers i'm premiering in manchester on the other hand these are songs that don't scream "chip"
it's 4'33" isn't it? isn't it??
thank you! we're so glad you enjoyed our film!
yes, saw it going to china. the art direction and wardrobe is gorgeous!
secret hipster but generally a voice of the gp
you are not a hipster, you are a weirdo
both skeptical and nervous that i ordered supplies 9:30pm last night, got an email at 6:52am saying they're delivered. (they're not.)
i tried to get to prank you with this but he wouldn't! :p
thanks for putting on a solid event.
thanks for the supporting in covering the press conference!
that is why i only get it done once every so many years. i just keep the afro or twist outs.
ahh gotcha. i got long hair and i'm lazy so that's a bad combination.
that's really odd. are you sure you haven't turned it off by accident?
dunno man. twitch let me down.
yo i miss high school it was honestly the best years of my life
you're not aloud to tweet about missing high school everyone who found there career will tell you to grow up
where are you working? maybe we can swing by
i work in santa barbra at teavanna
on national prisoners of war remembrance day, a pow shares what it means when trump insults veterans.
- you can't run on anything you have done, so you just lie about - typical bullshit dude.
obama/cameron/trudeau pawns of the bilderbergs...2 will soon be gone...hope cdns are awake next election.
i wish. 2 of the 3 companies that control the voting machine software support clinton
donald trump spews nasty, self-righteous nonsense about veterans without ever having served. and yet, issa still supports him.
read issa bio then you'll understand.
is it just me, but i don't feel the need to get a massage today.
they used to cover it up but ppl continue to tag it up so they dont bother anymore
so, how does a horror game live stream sound tonight? i'm not very... good at horror games. nor have i played many. suggest me some
i'm still advocating for a sm64 chaos edition stream ;)
one time someone who hated me literally on sight told me my spirit animal is a flounder and then she said "no, wait. crab! definitely crab"
sounds like she's a bitter human being because she never got to fulfill her childhood dream of becoming a marine biologist
25 years ago today i was having a baby tomorrow!!!
please wish a very ! . and you are lovely, !
i'm like right there with you. got up to 321 on my hunter and 323 on my warlock. i'm hoping that will be high enough for iron
lol i only have 1 character, i'm hoping 324 is enough, i give up
watch me waste this weekend building streaming overlays and not actually streaming.
c, can i get an overlay from you too :o
read this piece on plans.
developing red hook with high rises is just another deblasi-no. no more ikeas either
the gang coping with the fact that it's fucked
when you accept its shitty
turning up the heat in the backyard on sunday! tapping 2 ipa casks infused with serrano peppers from
used the same serrano peppers for a serrano saison
retro anime styled dan and ~
omfg love the pink and blue makes me think of kirby! was that intentional?
honor to meet resettled refugee youth visiting un from vermont high schools, building new lives &amp; communities in usa
so touched that you would take time to come and meet with us today
missouri: the shoot-me state via
- guess that pretty much ends a desire for families desiring to move yo big mo
*african american, fo shoooo...*
taiwo. i got your email. what's going on in naija ? na die o
thank you for that information. what's the make and model of your phone? *amc
ip6, all apps and os updated.
goodell won't do that here, plus lv is a new market for nfl to
las vegas is an unproven market what are you talking about ricky!
paulette ! you're not allowed to run on my bare feet when i'm reading !! you made me scream...
how dare she?
lookin' good "bicycle brian" (a pic of uke &amp; the blacky bike i ride in provincetown)
nice! that must be advanced twitter, a photo collage. happy friday.
obama/cameron/trudeau pawns of the bilderbergs...2 will soon be gone...hope cdns are awake next election.
they rigged the primary for her-hrc staff emails were found actually discussing it.
this puppy is too cute
this dog... i want it
how did the notion of a condom even arise? i suppose a condom is a given when prostitution is involved.
i see, it was doe who first mentioned 'condoms': "doe noticed condoms around her bed."
psa the new cheetos chicken fries will give you diarrhea.
they look disgusting.
yeah i'll be here all weekend probably
i was gonna tell you to come chill today. but we might be in lb this weekend i'm not sure maybe we can chill sat night
i guess the only options for men's hair in mid-'90s nyc were either a curly grunge mop or an obviously dyed caesar cut?
i am absolutely pleased by the amount of cheesy psychedelic cgi in this film
what this about
they reposted our track
ayo this man childish
he got nicki as his profile pic
btw, does anyone know why trump decided to reintroduce birther topic this week? politically, it's madness
to remind his base what's at stake!
trump's psychotic ally alex jones: obama's mother was a "sex operative" for the cia
can we not dignify that any further?
how do you feel when a brand uses your browsing history to create ads that follow you on the internet?
i'm amazed at how many people are actually angered. imagine what this does to a brands' value over time.
that's what gunputzes do - they arm criminals because they're such cowards they'd never face one
i'm blocking him. i've had enough of his awful thought process that guns are more important than lives. grrrrr.
no one denies bureaucracy is a problem. but it's also reality. schools are radically underfunded, so i say tax away!
may you be a better 'goat' than me
tonight's by ronald reagan!
i miss the gipper
have you checked your pants? they're on fire. a lot.
no i think you should check the people who have been lying to you this whole time. juuuuuuuuust sayin'
obama/cameron/trudeau pawns of the bilderbergs...2 will soon be gone...hope cdns are awake next election.
they are rigging the general election. so, i think our time to fight for justice is long passed
i really like the football being played right now
same cam... so quick on the counter.. skill players all over the pitch. so many threats to score!
how many people would've watched if it were a game between two relevant teams, tho?
i don't know how it could be any more compelling - all of these players are dying in front of our very eyes
140 characters dude,
but you don't use 140 characters cmon man
i've heard them performing it already a couple of times and am owning also the cd with . much underrated piece
do you know the abbado recording?
i would like to rewind to like april when we first decided on and say no tbh
lol like u mean that
there's a cuban art space in nyc &amp; i had no idea?
theres a center for cuban studies? w
use today! use promo code iidentitty21 for $50 in free ride credit from the app
use today! use promo code iidentitty21 for $50 in free ride credit from the app
i wonder if i have any at home. i save a lot of stuff
they are so cool
on national prisoners of war remembrance day, a pow shares what it means when trump insults veterans.
- your biggest accomplishment is not being indicted for perjury and treason !!! not for long kids
wouldn't it be smellfart
dan smellfart hasn't worked here in years
you guys should put a hashtag in your bio.
for reporting facts? that msm and the truth. no wonder trump hates them .
what snacks are you thinking about this weekend?
my dinner tonight will be a can of pringles because i'm craving them and i am an adult.
mt : obama will be 1st president not to deliver one year of 3 percent growth.
he's also the first pres to give our vile enemy an open door to iraq, 39 billion $, &amp; a sure path to a nuclear bomb.
i'm excited! see you soon! let's take a photo together!
that would be dope! have a safe drive!!
we're just wasting gas
blurrin them dotted lines, killin all kinds of time
remittances in general or hypothetical ways trump can pay for his wall?
trump's plan to choke/tax/fine/impound/confiscate remittances to pay for the wall
good luck to paradise and life in shambles
thanks. poor outcome.
judge curiel: delay denied. trump university trial will start as scheduled, november 28, 2016. period.
lot of people will be really embarrassed to have supported him when he is convicted - a "convicted felon"
someday they'll have to be over for good and it makes me so sad to think about
omg pls don't
like every week for the past month i've received an email from uber saying "your next 10 rides for the next 5 days will be 50% off"
thank the fine folks of vc land! a redistribution program, of sorts
"why do you care about what others think of you?"
it's regarding a job application, so what people think kind of matters
should spend $150 on the first edition of the scum manifesto?
don't fetishize the original, get a pdf
doesn't that card have a high annual fee? what makes this an exciting points card?
the signup bonus value alone is worth a minimum of $1,500 plus $300 in travel. all for $450 = no brainer of the century
here we go chicago!
again, i will be crying into a wine bottle bc of a love like war
and no one's trying to make fintech a "woman's world," just a better one. sheesh.
and umm does this "shift to fintech involve more women than men" in ny, london, singapore? or just this one russian payments company?
would be usas bigger 9/11! isis recruitment will go sky high. putin thrilled. econony/jobs down.
hillary has nothing to offer but years of scandals
i'll check it right now!
fleece, char, enth, concrete, frail, and decide are sick
bigot=obstinately/intolerably devoted to your own opinion. definition fits you. bye.
not the definition of bigot. you can't just make this stuff up. words have meanings
"when a writer tries to explain too much, he's out of time before he begins." -isaac bashevis singer
one of the great autobiographies:
*thinking face emoji*
seriously fab! i always sob - touches the heart so deeply. &lt;3 such a clever and perfect movie.
i love the soundtrack as well. terrific marriage of film and music
mexicans = rapists first black president: kenyan born
let's see a quote that mexicans = rapists. and "first black president: kenyan born." you're so full of shit! lol!
that's what gunputzes do - they arm criminals because they're such cowards they'd never face one
mike too. my life sucks enough to be bantering w/lifeless souls. time to focus on trump.
it is her testimony that she was passed out. it was his testimony that he took the condom. read this:
"she went to the police, who did not file charges."&lt;-police don't "file charges". derp.
exciting announcement to make today! life may never be the same for my viewers.
swear to god you'd better be getting a new apartment with room for me and scotty xd
my bro in law just got rejected to the co program just cuz he didn't get an earring aid when he was young smh
he can't hear from his right ear ever since a little kid smh fuck the system!!! why don't they look at $$$$ ugh
we'd be glad to check for you. please email help.com with your information. ^ap
am i getting a response from that right away or on monday? because it'd be pointless
it's like 60 lines long. for some reason rnu really slows things down
oh i'm just curious what other people's setups are. mine is getting unwieldy
btw, does anyone know why trump decided to reintroduce birther topic this week? politically, it's madness
he thinks a majority agree with him every time
is dead. good. now can we get some reporters to cover hillary's before we're stuck with her?
let's release dt taxes, foreign debt to compromise us security &amp; conflict so let's/ let's talk about a draft dodger
y'all should do a road trip
i was thinking of going to tampa to visit but zeus asked me to go to amsterdam haha
trump would
yes, have to get him elected!!
"administration is just pumping out bullshit," powell wrote in one email.
so the disbanding of the iraqi army unilaterally by rummy isn't the lead?
it was never true. any of it. trump wants credit for unwinding a lie he's fanned for 5 years. my analysis:
michael, the problem is, he lied. every media person who watched him walk back the birther comment, agrees he lied
i've gotten my phone stolen twice at a bar
you need to be more safe
love also some of schumann's works - lieder, but mostly these faust scenes.
yes yes yes, in full agreement
fuck that as feedback. i've been told i'm abrasive before, and it basically meant, "you speak up, say what you think, etc."
i was told to speak up less and know when to give my opinion and when not to, cool
i wish instagram was like myspace where you could put a song on your profile
i wish myspace was a thing again tbh. those were the days
so i guess i'm primary parent this weekend, ?
but, you're always primary parent :/
oh look a baby jew!
why don't you reveal your name you fucking pussy
*fails master charts 3 times in a row* derestage was a mistake, actually *deletes*
today i'm going to full combo never say never *misses first note* on second thought, maybe i'll go outside,
provide dimensions to work with? i gotta find some stock images and/or dig out my scanner from under a pile of stuff
i stream at 720p, usually have a 4:3 webcam (can be 16:9 if cleaner) as well, though i sometimes turn it off
"she went to the police, who did not file charges."&lt;-police don't "file charges". derp.
the role of the police is to collect evidence, not to "file charges". you are confused about due process.
never been tried there either.,
actually yes las vegas had two arena leagues failure so
you mean beyonce songs are getting less entertaining as music as time goes on and they exist more as one off performance ~events~
yes i think she does a stellar job with live performance and concept (video) albums but i can't just listen to half of it
great 2b back tonight on ! and just as race is tied- its like america's watching dr strangelove and half are rooting for the bomb!
bet many are. they've given up on america &amp; want to start all over. etch-a-sketch the country with an unbalanced con man leading.
from my first steelers game at heinz field!
this is the closest i have been to heinz
i haven't cleaned my fish tank in 2 weeks and it was looking pretty murky.
the tank smelled so bad that i gagged and threw up.
most shocking thing about us sof/turkish rebel incident wasn't that they didn't want to work with them, it was what they said to them...
obama needs to get real about dealing with turkey and who they partner with. us spec ops could end up dead working next to jihadis
what would you do for that month?
fly out to relaxxxx and be lazy
team hrc planted the seed. trump pushed it along long after her campaign was done. hrc/trump birther trash.
trump was able to put an end 2 these vile accusations from hillary,obama should formally thank trump
liberal msm upset by who plays them, and shuts down the birther issue, period. amb. woolsey joins me 7pm
the donald!!!
since asked for a , what's the output of this program?
hmm i'm going to get this wrong but maybe: 2 3
? omg you faced carousel.
i felt somewhat renewed afterwards.
no i think you should check the people who have been lying to you this whole time. juuuuuuuuust sayin'
ok. well let's see. *rechecks *
yes. it's fucking lit.
okay thats your vybe everyone is entitled to their own vybe. everything is not meant for everyone though.
i'm moving to long island but my heart is in queens.
welcome to heroin island
i don't have access to my hotmail account. unsure how to unlock my carla_botha account!
do you have a case number you can reply to us with? if not, please file one and we'll be able to help
it was never true. any of it. trump wants credit for unwinding a lie he's fanned for 5 years. my analysis:
simply put mike, he said what he had to say politically to save his campaign but he clearly never wanted to say it.
actually yes las vegas had two arena leagues failure so
even the head coach of the arena league said nobody showed up and tv ratings were down
kyle been keeping it real sincee that saxton bus wave
frfr everyone sleep all good tho
the only controversial thing i have is an imap of jk to escape
what then how do you move up and down
real issue: why no baby red panda emoji?!?!
you give them an emoji, and then the raccoons will want one. then the capybaras. when will it end??
how ironic that the one who stalks and harasses sop... - creepy and stalking?? never once have i creeped on ...
what a bitch
okay...definitely a very low point for rz....loved the gore but that is about it. i think i liked h2 more than 31...
it's a very lazy film. so many film styles crammed into one film. plus no explanations of why it's happening
smh cuz he knows you're the only one that will go to jail with him
what's with you and jail lol
still my best guy &amp; soulmate incredible dad too
great pics. his hair is still so red.
no what is vile &amp; insulting is how ignores all hillary's lies &amp;crimes. we are on to you
- take a big whiff cnn !!! you are so far up her sorry ass - smells good huh -
exactly ! anyone can do that shit when you don't have to worry about ish
people like that in 3 years are gonna be stuck tryna figure out when they ended up staying behind.
. just lasagna, helen's sister flew in today - they get here in about a hour so the kids and i are cooking
nice! enjoy and hope you all have a good visit.
first i've heard of it
feels like a trojan horse for a whole new category of voice interfaces
last night i saw , who i first met at heights a fafillion years ago. congrats on everything mija!
o my gosh! demi saw ...need your thoughts?!?!?
even the head coach of the arena league said nobody showed up and tv ratings were down
so don't give me that bullshit ricky
blame joe for mishandling this bullpen
joe has been great with the bullpen. you might have noticed cashman traded away two great relievers.
theres a center for cuban studies? w
nvm the space is literally for white rich kids to learn about cuba by white teachers &amp; travel with people to people
we can help with that! the sale is on, so grab your $59 fare now! ^sc
wasssuppp with a flight to long beach california november 4th. returning november 6th?
it's regarding a job application, so what people think kind of matters
"i'm not qualified" "someone else could do it better" "someone else needs this job more than i want it"
i haven't cleaned my fish tank in 2 weeks and it was looking pretty murky.
the tank smelled so bad that i gagged and threw up so i decided it'd be best to let it soak over the weekend.
brittle*. fuggin autocorrect...
autocorrect gets me all the time.
gary johnson and jill stein failed to make the cut for the first presidential debate
- they really should just go home - collection of losers
help my house mates are missing: one is a human corn one is really tall the other one may have a case of aids. please help
update the human corn has found the aids
travis scott has great beats, hooks and lyrics that are good enough to make me not say "man fuck this nigga"
just good enough like just above that line lmao
literally need to go buy all brand new makeup &amp; brushes tmrw &amp; i couldn't be more pissed off about it
what happened?!
imap is insert mode only
oh wait i'm dumb sorry it's been too long since i messed with this
link it to me..
look it up yourself
there's something wrong with me lately.
first i lost $10 and then i paid for eggs and left it at the grocery store. finally i forgot my debit card at the grocery store. i'm so dumb
the game got to be the corniest la dude ever lol you're 30+ still having social media beef? what happened to black live matter? lmao clown
what happened?
4getded&amp;co. gocphil. yw.
4getded&amp;co. gocphil. yw.
not here for it. i'm sorry they would say such things to you.
i'm fine with it i guess, my review was 95% positive but this really made me wanna hurl
a lot came out today that hrc campaign was the origin of birthers. hrc does have plausible deniability.
nothing came out.every time a trumper tried the mediashowed actualvideo proof it was false
there is, but even the strongest setting is too light. if you use iphone 7 on a table, clicks are barely noticeable.
i'm not sure that adjusts the pressure required to trigger it though, just the force of the haptics.
amazon pt raised to $1,000 from $840 at rbc
take that henry!
west coast folks! check this out.
thanks, ! these are always fun events where we can bring all of our community together!
if you aren't doing anything productive then stay away from me
if you're not working stay away..
join supporters this month during childhood cancer awareness month and help st. jude kids like daniel.
thank god st jude is available for all children no matter of there race or the color of there skin wish we all could learn a lesson
this be trickin me. i got lulled into thinking we might be getting some early fall, then it got hot again.
i took my scarves out and sweaters had to out them all back
this and last week i noticed how often a conversation starts with "where do you work?" or "how's business?" or "what are you working on?"
i've been struggling with starting conversations on a different and personal note. i'm not a great smalltalk person too...
the iphone 7 is coming out. relax princess
already came out but the 7+ isn't bigger than 6+ its the same size.
senior center kyle fuller talks with friday crew of , and .
molly typing on her laptop. coach mack using a pen....
the tank smelled so bad that i gagged and threw up so i decided it'd be best to let it soak over the weekend.
i'm outside on the playground playing with the kids n shit when i hear morgan scream, "reese, you have to come in here now!"
, that was fast. thank you !
our pleasure! glad we got it sorted.
i really like litsy, too. though i suspect peacefulness is partially bc it's not big/popular enough yet to attract trolling.
true :( :( :( we can't have anything nice :( :( :(
. first line.
. that's the . you said -why i thought you meant the article on fred trump's involvement with the kkk.
a lot came out today that hrc campaign was the origin of birthers. hrc does have plausible deniability.
simply put, the birther movement started with trump.
listen, everybody, before u go home today, look around the office for a 6 ft tall portrait of . thank you for your support
not under the couch cushions.
you may not be able to subscribe again, but you could support our campaign!
already have
another lyinhillary video!
it's funny she is the biggest racist i know.
lmaooo "no disrespect" tho
son that was the best part
been trying to reply to your email but it hasn't been going thru. but i do have your links. just wanted u 2 know.
oh no! that's not good. thanks for letting me know...i had to add on to my google storage so maybe it is fixed by now!
new company secretary thinks i'm a rebel. i'm not, just passionate about improving patient care
hi james. there's a difference between a rebel &amp; a troublemaker. we need more rebels!
not at this time. i appreciate you reaching out to me even though i don't have a personal gripe with . still happy
when got last iphone back 2 years ago-had it on release day. now i'm just getting runaround. old phone shot.
greg roman out in buffalo. like firing the busboy on the titanic.
no shit! look at the bigger picture. running full throttle in
so basically updating to ios 10 means not being able to use your phone when you want but randomly.
like today i got to use it at 9 am and that was it now it's 5 pm and i have service again
what an emotional day... thank you and for your reporting.
thank you and thanks for following along.
love it! have you tried undaunted golf yet?? i think it'll help you with making music as well!
this looks interesting. downloading now. thx!
when a household brand requires you to download &amp; install their app to get a coupon do you do it?
again, i'm shocked at how many people are angered when asked to download an app from a brand's ad.
trump and trey gowdy will
we have 2 get trump elected 1st just pray all electorate votes weren't bought by soros
you just don't like meek so ofc you on itdon't come at my boy
ya mans a bitch
onnii the police
they offered me double life and i ain't say shit don't ever forget sus
my friends here at the station preparing me for my move to . i think i'm good . going...
congratulations enjoy seattle
if a mall has a sears then it's probably corny
i need you to get out of anywhere that has a "mall" bc that place is definitely corny
i've been struggling with starting conversations on a different and personal note. i'm not a great smalltalk person too...
but there has to be a better way to get to know people than immediately associating them with their work or employer first and foremost.
i need a ny trip asap
come and i'll take pictures of you
starting diggs,hurns,and greg olsen.who to start in flex?
i have demaryius starting and im terrified
my issue w using an apple product is that it trades for premium in some countries that has nothing to do w curency
well, look at the chart. what "premiums" there are are much smaller than those for big macs.
2 tings came out today. 1 hrc campaigner spread birther rumors in 08.
jas s, no that did not come out. that is a bold faced lie
i published my debut novel to critical acclaim-and then i promptly went broke via
i talk about this book once a week
well looks like your waiting a year
ughh the 8+ better be bigger
what are you doing today?
bumping your radio while i build a sculpture
i'm outside on the playground playing with the kids n shit when i hear morgan scream, "reese, you have to come in here now!"
my fucking fish tried to commit suicide. this dumb ass jumped out of his bowl somehow. we were freaking out.
if you're not working stay away..
if you're not learning anything stay away
my current best guess based off of my feed is that is actually now a bot bootstrapped by the real
powered by lucene!
something about sean kingston getting his jewelry stolen @ the club and meek telling the cops it was the games boys who stole
where can i read this?
can u guys help?
well, hotels come down to rates &amp; location. but, &amp; myself would recommend .
don't think. you've proven you're not good at it. out maneuvered again
does not matter. come 11/9 you can slither back in your cave with drumph!
latest binge watch obsession , totally addictive, no pun intended
someone i follow has just finished series 2, apparently.
"why can't research be part of everyday life?" rosalind franklin is smiling!
total aside, in my mind, rosalind was the true discoverer of the double helix.
in adult life we get the the fortunate ability to 'also' recognize the
true that! and i guess also decide how we react to it
the role of the police is to collect evidence, not to "file charges". you are confused about due process.
police turn evidence over to prosecutor, who then decides to file a complaint, &amp; a grand jury decides on charges.
like today i got to use it at 9 am and that was it now it's 5 pm and i have service again
my albanian mom is not happy with my lack of response to her texts do you know what you're doing to me !?
the thing with my eye
oh i thought it got real f'ed up lmao
had some awesome pasty thing that i can't pronounce
did u have beinets?
actually, i was invited for the participant dinner just now. how does tomorrow sound?
sounds as good as today :)
birtherism is not just a lie - it's a racist lie, as colin powell notes in his hacked emails...
that's an opinion from powell not a fact.
it very much wasn't.
good for them
2 tings came out today. 1 hrc campaigner spread birther rumors in 08.
in fact, it was disproven with video proof that it started w/dt
the eschaton.
i just threw up a little in my mouth.
why don't you just put your fingers in your ears and say na na na na na.
all you've done is point to a couple of website &amp; tweet taunts from your 2-day old sock puppet. sad really
lol i guess! it was 1 night
a ticket is the only thing he should have gotten...
look, ladies are responsible for creating beer and science fiction. that's my end all be all of all arguments from now on.
women also invented language, culture, and storytelling. and religion and politics. basically women created the world.
kind of annoyed that i follow to get game updates when at work and then have to deduce what's going on when it goes sour
i understand that the result wasn't positive, but maintain some level of professionalism as opposed to petulance
the widening perception that republicans could hold a senate majority:
put the do nothing republicans back in power? americans will reap what they sow. make america kansas again!
repeat: i attacked. people responded. i am the victim because i am a jew. unrelated: buy my book. /s amy
no evidence. you are blocked loser.
enjoy being with the great today at ! he is a great guy and and truly an amazing talent!
- the photos online are amazing. congrats on the new opening. hope to talk soon.
i can drop some savage hints but you'll tell me to shut up ;p
psh i'll just ask you when i'm done shitposting.
antonio brown fined: (via )
's response:
and calm in every position(except gk) on the ball.
good shout, noticed that late in the game, composure under pressure in our own 18, except for maybe lucas
i also have kj mapped to escape, so to exit insert mode i just mash my fingers on the j and k keys
nice. i know someone who mapped capslock to esc which i guess makes it convenient too? i still reach all the way up
get real make donate couple mil
$5 million is what promised. what do you bet, he welches?
every single person calling for a snowden pardon but not a manning pardon sucks.
i agree, manning should be pardoned before snowden. but obama &amp; clinton are both hard-asses against all whistleblowers. sad.
when the gang hears someone mispronounce gyro
when the gang hears ethnic music
all of those things are possible. they're also potentially not true. go for it anyway. :d
"i'm not good enough for that, someone else will do it better, so why bother trying"
nice. i know someone who mapped capslock to esc which i guess makes it convenient too? i still reach all the way up
i don't do this bc my capslock is ctrl
odd that our measures of animal intelligence are often tests of what humans do best rather than of what they do best.
and when discussing dimension, why is everything compared to the width of a human hair?
you comparing the nfl &amp; arena league?
do research before you tweet ricky
revoke the 2015 cy young award -- he hugged aroldis chapman
karma's a bitch: he's had a half-ass season.
one cannot live by tacos alone...
is that a challenge to ??
you need more than 631m play-doh cans to circle all around the world
sponsored content
police turn evidence over to prosecutor, who then decides to file a complaint, &amp; a grand jury decides on charges.
charges are not an arbitrary thing that are just "filed" or "not filed".
i have facts &amp; mo's words on my side.
no, fact is cnn, msnbc, abc, cbs all proved false
there's actually a lot of spontaneous yelling at these rallies.
how is the weather?
i honestly think about this constantly
could u imagine the comedown?? i'd strait up wanna kms tbh
ikr! it's been like this for 2 days
smh dumb ass sc, they need to ease up on these lame user guidelines
as someone who tries rly hard not to automatically hate changes, i still think ios 10's emojis are objectively bad
i wish i could say i enjoyed the look of aim styled emojis but its 2016
haven't been back to hightower since i picked up my diploma
the kids are out of control. smh
right. not to mention the editing was so goddamn nauseating. so hard to actually see anything. idk.
what bugs me the most is it feels like he shot the whole film on that kickstarter fund. plus some scenes felt way too clean
i swung by the vz store down the street. in stock but would not sell to me (a vz customer) for cash. required contract!
carrier: a new 4-letter word?
i'm fine. i'm not the 1 blocking after 1 tweet asking a q. or throwing out ad hominems. debate civilly
man up and we'll talk. until then you're just another piece of blathering scum. respect yourself and i'll respect you.
yes they'll probably do that with a few of our many questions which will be left unanswered!
yeah lol they should have those interviews on the dvd or in deleted scenes for people who don't watch interviews!
sinful cinnamon-bun oreos filled with cream? yes, please!
ummmm yes please!
happy birthday cutie i miss the fun times it italy with you!!
aw thank you miss you too!
where u meeting niggss at
i cud bring that shit to ur hood tomorrow
i agree, manning should be pardoned before snowden. but obama &amp; clinton are both hard-asses against all whistleblowers. sad.
i think snowden is a little more self-serving and slightly less responsible about what he leaked. but they both meant well.
johnson and stein fail to make cut for first presidential debate | getty
goodbye to them.
my fucking fish tried to commit suicide. this dumb ass jumped out of his bowl somehow. we were freaking out.
he's really wild though.. he was laying on the counter just jumping around, he almost jumped back into the bowl by himself.
would be much better if it had &amp; ! 3 of the best performers in drag race herstory!
lmao nooooo leave laganja out of any and every occasion
capslock as escape is pretty popular cuz it's on vim wiki or something, getting capslock to be mappable is a pain though
it's a system feature of macs
i'm watching now! i'm brave and then it gets dark out &amp; i lose all sense &amp; get scared of everything
i watched the ring when it first came out in theaters. i was afraid to walk alone in the dark a few days after.
it's amazing! hit the 1 million milestone recently &amp; we're so overwhelmed &amp; thankful to &amp; playlisting!
awesome to hear!
. i think it's highly dangerous to be sending us sof with people that clearly don't want them there, won't care if they get hurt.
agreed! there are many ways to die in war zones. last thing sof signed up for is partner with people who want them dead.
hi! we are a startup company introducing from natural fibers
i'll check out your site
lying around in sexy and skimpy underwear while i talk to clients let me manage you like one of your french girls~
i think some photographic evidence is required to fully appreciate this situation.
growing up suck
everything will be okay dylan. don't worry
. is this a road map to the toilet? you and him should be so ashamed of everything you do and say. it's all chicanery.
they have no shame. they have no soul. they are dead inside.
hes a real class act
you're still stupid
movie con artists steal a painting and charm the pants off of you real con artists stutter through bullshit phone calls "from, uh, the irs"
"hello this is us pharmacy, are you satisfied with the viagra cialis you ordered"
.: "it's almost a surreal 21st century presidential election."
you're irrelevant
hey i invited your editors to come to because it's going to be an awesome tech event. can you help us connect?
hi jessica - that sounds like fun! if you'd like to submit your event, email us at events.com
4 police officers at columbus circle standing near me and i'm v uneasy
their uniforms specially say counterterrorism
another saturday night wasted working
isn't today friday?
do i mostly love this or hate this?
we live in a world where my dogs are more likely to get a casper mattress before i do
capslock as escape is pretty popular cuz it's on vim wiki or something, getting capslock to be mappable is a pain though
also i don't think i've ever read vim wiki lol
yeah lol they should have those interviews on the dvd or in deleted scenes for people who don't watch interviews!
don't they realize there's less avid fans out there who don't care to watch anything but the show itself?
but there has to be a better way to get to know people than immediately associating them with their work or employer first and foremost.
what about "where'd you go for your last vacation?" or "what do you do for fun?" though to be honest i've struggled answering the latter.
's message is a sham
dismantle the greatest government in the history of the world? what could go wrong?
do research before you tweet ricky
do you understand how the nfl makes there money?
gee, really?
that was completely debunked by every single news source, even by fox lol
her campaign manager in 2008 said that it was a staff member of the campaign that started the birther movement
one person acting does not build a movement. birthers built themselves with orly taitz. trump took them mainstream
carrier: a new 4-letter word?
"spectrum slum lords" was i believe the man's turn of phrase
he's really wild though.. he was laying on the counter just jumping around, he almost jumped back into the bowl by himself.
morgan screamed so much that she threw up.
donald trump was introduced by a birther at his event rejecting birtherism
kind of make you wonder about this kabuki huh
again lowers the bar mocks all working people who support king of condescension
obama is the biggest po 2 land in tbe wh. feel for the workers who cleanup later
your kid is your kid for life. support happens in many ways not just monetarily.
guess he figures that once he stops sending checks to the mama, he's done. i think not.
it becomes a gold mine when they introduce self driving cars, they remove their largest overhead
cars are not cheap. maintenance, storage, gas are all costs uber doesn't currently have to worry about
enjoy being with the great today at ! he is a great guy and and truly an amazing talent!
-i pray every day i can help the admin. and rebuild the marine industry with djt &amp; you
what bugs me the most is it feels like he shot the whole film on that kickstarter fund. plus some scenes felt way too clean
you go from the scummy bathroom. to clean factory, then the dinner looked cool. then clean white shirts.
so you know if you use it and don't like it you can return it. i know right it smells heavenly.
really?? lol
oh, gosh! we'd hate to inconvenience you! d: (sister &amp; i are going down for a pop culture convention, haha)
just let us know when and we'll come down :-)
just registered for my first esports tournament ever ohmygoddddd
awesome see you next saturday!
i heard you fuck with breakdowns now i hope not
what's a breakdown?
that you were like i'm pregnant i'm having a boy and i was like wtf you just had vilett lmao
omg hopefully the next one i have is a boy lol but that's not till like 5 more years
my "instant me" shows i'm living pretty well considering i have brain cancer.
my mychart tracks my post lung transplant progress
oliver stone made a boring, self-indulgent fantasy epic? man, who could have seen that one coming?
i agree w/you. snowden doesn't deserve a movie regarding what he did, which was treasonous.
so to recap: bills fired oc greg roman and promoted asst hc anthony lynn to new oc, per league sources.
great, but can he get the def to force a punt?
4getded&amp;co. gocphil. yw.
4getded&amp;co. gocphil. yw.
morgan screamed so much that she threw up.
i saved his life but i wouldn't be surprised if he's dead on monday.
dear cafs and coworking spaces w/ wifi: power sockets. have enough of them... everywhere... don't make it weird. signed, everyone
but only if you drink/eat/order enough! signed, coffee shop owner
if the city believe wouldn't draw, they wouldn't put 750ml in play, sorry..
that deal was rushed and it was rushed for a reason
viva mxico! more than 350k of you call nyc home &amp; help make us the greatest city in the world. congratulations on your independence day!
you're going to jail bill 15 years
he bodied meek lol meek take the most l
he just done responding to shit. he living life, his girl bad and making money how he losing
keep this tweetstorm going!! do they have picture hung up in their house? are those crooked too??
lol! great point! do they wear their shirts inside out? do they literally throw spaghetti at the wall to see if it sticks?!
discussion of the day what are your bae goals? if you could build the dream bae what would they be like? i need answers y'all
i ain't so bad so like me, just more considerate patient and organized i suppose lol
yo , where is your mural going to be in anaheim?
at minecon... exhibition hall
chelsea clinton might be uglier and have yellower teeth than wow
she so fugly who impregnated her tho
guess heather and the gang found some food @ black rock mill
blair witch is a drunk
what about "where'd you go for your last vacation?" or "what do you do for fun?" though to be honest i've struggled answering the latter.
a friend asked me last weekend "what do you like to cook?" and it turned into a great conversation on food and sharing recipes.
thank you for your work at . the community is out!
bring us back the alamo cube!!!!!
compare that to almost any other show on tv and it's a huge difference. most dialog is people explaining the plot to the viewer.
oh dude that drives me crazy. even in shows with the smart guy detective they do this. maybe especially?
he will be elected - there is a lot more bad news in the coming weeks for and
i hope so, but will it be ignored?
i do. my own moment of enlightenment was with harding &amp; brso
i have to listen to thus recording
zooooooohmg i was a dork. *gives ya a late birthday hug + a couple extras for missed days* :)
so gladly accepted! *hugses*
i like it in the butt.
gee, brad....i never knew that!
always use headphones to change volume.
you can't on the airpods without invoking siri.
how will everyone react to claire's sudden return to the past?this should be interesting s3
. perfect!!!
omg, yes! listening now. ;o)
love is a many splendoured thing....
baby girls car seat, car seat cover &amp; rocking horse came today. oh &amp; she owns more clothes than me already
im so excited to see her cute little face!
the clinton foundation only gave 6% to charity. six! &amp; you wonder how clintons got so rich?
- they took 250 million dollars from muslim nations - what part of criminals don't you understand. !! ??
apple store employee to me just now: "i think you're the first person in america to return an iphone 7!"
the man helping me said "that's why i never purchase new phones on launch days" and i'm like "are you saying it's my fault?"
yes and evidently mark thinks his deal is better for the future of the raiders.
mark davis wants a handout just stop
charges are not an arbitrary thing that are just "filed" or "not filed".
and charges are certainly not filed at the behest of police.
grey's anatomy star sara ramirez shows off her new buzz cut in stunning selfie
great gnashers!
hi richard, we have been able get this issue resolved for you via in app support. please follow up with us in-app.
no i didn't want a tour of south bronx and harlem, i wanted ride to chelsea the price should not be 28.14 it an zero
- yas god slay - - follow me back dad - - shit in my throat and set me on fire
your best tweet
a friend asked me last weekend "what do you like to cook?" and it turned into a great conversation on food and sharing recipes.
believe me, i appreciate the interest in work and how my business is doing (i'm proud of both), but does that define me as a person?
no i think you should check the people who have been lying to you this whole time. juuuuuuuuust sayin'
also, where's trumps taxes? i mean, he did say in 2014 if obama proves he was born here. he'd release his taxes. just saying.
support my swim to the white house! rt this post &amp; tell me who would be the best vp. you could win a prize pack!
i think i would be the best vp!
she has mine and my dads lips for sure
it's ok she can get lip injections for a birthday haha well now we know for sure where the girl gene came from haha
jimmy fallon and donald trump, fucking yuck!
if i wanted to be punished i would watch a serbian film again
was hillary clinton actually born in america?
she was born underground with the other reptile people.
the universe never wants &amp; i to hang anymore. i'm annoyed. y u lyk dis universe
jk we hangin. fuck the universe!!
pretty sure we used toddy to make cb back in the 80-90s
sometimes we'd get fancy and freeze old coffee on cubes for the cb. old coffee 2 ways! so posh!
will you eventually switch it out for a 128gb?
probably not. we'll see though!
just published: my piece on why it's been so hard for trump to quit his birther habit.
sid blumenthal is a birther addict too, he was hillary's dealer. maybe you ask him, do your job....
what netflix documentary would be fun to watch with an eight and 10-year-old? (&amp; yes i already know your joke responses, wiseacres.)
buck might be good! also the one about the french pastry chef competition. that's amazing.
that deal was rushed and it was rushed for a reason
even some of the committee in las vegas even said why the rush
has "capitalized on the reticence of the republican establishment." now they need to speak out.
but don't forget, powell was fine with risking the blood of dead americans on his hands with his iraq un argument..
if you are not taking care of your body physically stay away...
and if you're not finessing birds and dawgs stay away
. says trump took 34 seconds to try and dispel a conspiracy theory he's spent years building on.
somebody call out these birther dolts posting the doctored video of obama saying he was born in kenya! please!!!!
lol at dade's hacking rival being the cute girl at school and not, say, a russian 13-yr-old or obese white supremacist
i miss when angelina jolie was still weird. she's by far the best character in this movie.
first time i got a cramp on my chest . chest day hurt me today idk if that's normal lol
my shit still hurting
you didn't read my tweet or the article.
i read your blog, and it is shitty writing. your grammar and syntax is atrocious.
fucking p i need that
if u need them l's like the good ol times i'm more than happy to tru
i just received my grad school acceptance letter in the mail, y'all!! i'm so excited...and relieved!
congrats. is a good guide if ya ever need one
salute to the wave god mav b!!!! he will be home sooner than you think!!
big up . i hear you guys every morning, especially your i love it! . , love you too.
if put in its bio it would be reporting true facts, right ?
despite the current feud, has a man crush on trump, worse than pence's. any nbc gop has it in for hrc, too.
. belongs in my house
not this one haha
a message to jill stein and gary johnson voters. either clinton or trump will be your president. quit screwing around.
well said. thanks!
please read/rt full thread to follow obama admin subverts launches direct assault on christians
he is muslim, lives by islam
pure genius writing and with historical accuracy, it's a perfect twofer!! nice job read this
instapapered, thanks!
transnet advisors' r600-million bonanza. via in the m&amp;g tomorrow.
- straightforward stealing!
james remembers earlier nicole asked why he gargles w/ salt &amp; she asked if he had gingivitis. nic says gingivitis isn't a bad thing
yes, gingivitis is just wonderful. wtf????
ya'll be getting finessssssed.
and be swearing they sipping hitech
really? mine has been chewing through the battery. hoping it's just a "getting settled and downloading shit" phase!
i left mine on the charger while it finished downloading stuff and it's been great since then.
seeing both current works hug each other during swag surf is the same. it is what it is.
now that's brotherhood.
what netflix documentary would be fun to watch with an eight and 10-year-old? (&amp; yes i already know your joke responses, wiseacres.)
also maybe hoop dreams
i have looked at the crime stats and the immigration rates and i have to say, better a hard line that seems racist.
legal immigrants tend to commit fewer crimes. illegals, you can't really tell, for obvious reasons.
hillary started birther/muslim shit 2008 to beat barry. donald uses it '16 to expose her character. who's the dick?
. you spew nothing but whole-cloth hate-filled nonsense. with all due respect i will block you now that you know why.
not sure that google scientists can account for the worst rated drivers in the us
aw come on, we're astounding drivers (and by that i mean astoundingly bad and rude).
my heart is happy
i missed so much
you can look this up, you know. or just read a newspaper.
or just have a base level sense of awareness
damn that broad really ate that mouse
that video was weird as shit
love this man
me and apollo here ready
22 yrs ago today i met james fraser! thank you for creating him &amp; for bringing him to life!
. and many lives have been forever changed
hire me to design for yr fighting game
they need to make a new darkstalkers just so you can do the character designs damn
you killin' it on bro. keep up the good work!
much love my dude!
clg clg... oh wait... tempo storm!!!
2 of my favorite teams :')
who said otherwise? the original point remains: patriarchy and toxic masculinity suffocate men,no matter who perpetuates it.
yeah well its amazing tht we live in a time where we have the internet. people are more fearless. no one has to be suffocated
your metal pal who's fun to be with
the red/gold/white aesthetic fits the grays, the green/orange is the star cult, the blue/red is science commandos, violet is chroma kings
so will follow through on his $5 million birther charity promise?
. he's going to donate it to his favorite charity.... the trump foundation.
eated_at datetime not null,
what are you doing
happy birthday love you
love you shan hang soon
tone liavaag &amp; alf kramer started it as a barista event. training was a side benefit.
ask if you need all the deets on its inception
2 of my favorite teams :')
congratulations though!!!! :)
uh on second thought i won't take a bath
not surprised to read that, guess things never change.
where are the reindeer's eyes??
eye don't know! i think they're on the side!
sorry for the confusion. i didn't include the source in my first tweet.
. i appreciate that. i've enjoyed this conversation. we'll never see eye to eye, but it was constructive.
you think you'd stay overnight?
i haven't decided yet. i'd like to cause it would be a long drive back after dark
yo but am i ever going to be able to just add my card for purchases on my xbox ? come on man...
do it online like the web page same shit happened to me
thanks for the shout out!
thank you for joining us on !!
you didn't read my tweet or the article.
"the presiding just has consistently kept to his schedule"&lt;--great writing. derp.
i don't disagree with his stance on immigration, obviously. i also don't think his comments were racist. lol.
what does muh wage gap roo mean? i get the wage gap, but the rest is a little opaque.
ok i might try out some stuff tonights
my favorite kaitou designs are mc and ryuji, third place would probably be... makoto?
not entirely. can i use the infographics in a commercial way (i.e within an ebook) without providing credit to the creator?
part 2 creative commons usually require attribution or a link. unless creative commons zero.
are you going to post your talk from yesterday? it was great!
assuming you're referring to my talk at yesterday that should be available as video soon i hope.
i have no issue with that - would even be ok w/ a hourly fee (with a full day cap)
or apple introduces wireless charging soon.
i wore a long-sleeved t on tuesday when it was all gloomy. and i put my fluffy blanket on my bed bc the nights are cool now.
the nights are the best! a nice some and you're set
got any paranoid androids?
ooo yeah, i should make one of those
the . has sold their soul for ratings. they're putting this country in danger. everyone shld cancel their subscriptions
yeah, i'm pretty disgusted with the media in general- so many bullshit clickbait stories, it's ridiculous :/
israel has 200 nuclear weapons 'all targeted on tehran' - colin powell email leak
isn't that overkill? it only takes one.
seattle is a rare place in us where bus ridership is up
best bus system i have ever used in the us.
hi! this might be weird. how much would it be for the sunday ticket?
its a three day pass but i'm not using the next two days so it has to be both. $80
you're such a , learn to spell as well donny
he had nothing to hide, release your taxes
what are you doing today?
waiting for new music.
well the fonts are messed up and you should've used the full browser width for such project, made it fluid
agreed. it's actually pretty tough to reskin swagger ui. i didn't have the time. pull requests are welcome :).
this is the only high noon remake i need.
my best friend in 7th grade had a major crush on richard tyson so we had to watch this movie 100 times.
have you contacted ?
yes i said blocking hashtags not cool. please help. they never replied
once i get these, it'll be like we're brothers
yes plz purchase them as soon as possible
lol. yeah, what ever you need to tell yourself.
i thought the bye was very funny.
smh cannot wait to become a plumber this year
good cuz ima need ur assistance at wonderland on my toilet
no - have you heard of rt the russian news media?
no, i hope something comes out 2 r u in both obama&amp;hrc, but our govt. is so damn corrupt, they will spin it. we know the truth
do you have to be a student???
no!! everyone is invited
its all she has left. everything obama her "role model" is doing is falling apart 100% and hes covering it up
what falling apart? hrc plans to build on bho's success...not
i yelled "its carrie underwood you a-hole" from my car at some1 and now i can't stop wondering if they were already having a bad day
this is a billy on the street episode waiting to happen
come and interview me..see my videos, experience my frustration. take my walk
. : : i just &amp; tweet. but, these wonderful ppl, these pple are the journalists. ()
cruz had lawsuits filed. wtf cmon blogger, you gotta do better than that. they expired with candidacy
not at all. the racist agenda - yes i said the word - is apparent.
i don't know. that's pretty creative.
well let's just say that kind of talk won't fly in corporate meetings..
which one? lol both are having great years
wasn't arrieta struggling after the as break?
gee, i provide cites and you don't. "completely debunked", eh?
i cited cnn, cbs, msnbc, abc, nbc, you cited a long debunked claim made by the trump campaign.
lmaooo knowing dam well i dont have no ass
foh let's stop this lying
jayc swoop me up lololol
why don't you take the bike? is it not running?
agreed. it's actually pretty tough to reskin swagger ui. i didn't have the time. pull requests are welcome :).
well... not tough, but time consuming.
also, where's trumps taxes? i mean, he did say in 2014 if obama proves he was born here. he'd release his taxes. just saying.
im looking at politifacts tweets &amp; they're consistent with their defense of the left. clinton prob bought their faith as others
gx more like im here for my rainbow son and thats it.. its an absolute shit show sometimes
oh i never expected anything less. i'm watching it for educational purposes. sort of.
we're playing at a lot of colleges this fall. where do u collegiate homies want us to come play ?
ucla would be so honored to have y'all
u.s. senators ask if will still pay millions of dollars of bonuses to executives who oversaw fraud.
doesn't the us ag prosecute crimes anymore?
4getded&amp;co. gocphil. yw.
amikikdoutatwtr?helinabukt
ever since i started the witcher series, i've been craving polish food. tomorrow, and i will make that dream a reality.
christine's in greenpoint is sublime. good polish butchers in that neighborhood, too.
anyone have resources on es6 things that are bad to transpile vs. not so bad in terms of compiled weight and such?
in terms of weight: generators/iterators and anything that uses them are the biggest. everything else is minimal.
what a night with and a star studded cast for 90th birthday...
thanks for using my pic i feel so honored!!!
i read that as dropped out and thought you lost your mind in doing this. then i reread.
no i was fair. only dropped him 20 spots.
when they switch out your regular awesome dentist for a mean one and you cry all the way home after the appointment
and why i no longer want to go to a doctor or dentist
you know the opposite of september isnt february. it's indifference. and if you still feel like its like february that means you still care.
this is a beautiful little poem of a tweet
omg, y'all killing me!
i went on a date to watch ghostbusters and some parts made me squeak.
gee, i provide cites and you don't. "completely debunked", eh?
sorry bud, you have nothing. it is hard core fact, according to every single credible source trump started it
ups really the worst, i'm never pre-ordering again. it ain't even apple nor t-mobile's fault.
i've tracked packages that'll say it's at your local ups center like 10 miles away and it will still come three days later
many having a voice like mine can be heard too.
it's an honor to hear from dillan @ when this flows to my elizabeth sim zielinski
personally i find it stressful sometimes, because i usually draw a blank outside of athletic routines.
someone asked me that question two years ago and i panicked because i couldn't come up with anything.
influencers! what age would you be forever if you could? l
the age i am today!
you're heading back already?? how was it??
it was amazing!!! the trip was packed with tours and events. i was in awe of the history and architecture!
what my plans are for tonight include
only brass would tweet this! my dad and his gf are in town visiting, but i fell sick for a bit. food poisoning
after years of rigorous preparation i believe i am now indie enough to listen to the pixies' album indie cindy.
i enjoy that particular collection of music
i accidentally clicked unfollow tryna wish you a happy birthday lmao! have a good one jazmyne
lmao smh! thank you!
yea i'm here in this mad house lol.
bet. tell them to get the pos swap ready.
ask if you need all the deets on its inception
it began in the late 90s for the nordic folks only.
tell me more about the macallan pairing dinners!
send me a pm. i'm not allowed to advertise the dinners on social media.
also, where's trumps taxes? i mean, he did say in 2014 if obama proves he was born here. he'd release his taxes. just saying.
hes under audit, its not recommended for anyone to release their taxes under audit. where's hrcs emails that risked us security?
i have 11 pages of shitty apps i never use on my current iphone. i hate it. what's the best way to avoid that? how do you organize yours?
phone/most used/photo/music
why on earth would anyone question obama's place of birth when michelle called kenya his home country?
his home country kenya ???
gee, i provide cites and you don't. "completely debunked", eh?
but keep up your lies, memes and racism, someone of your low iq might buy it..
let me into the pairing dinner this week!
send me a pm. i'm not allowed to advertise the dinners on social media.
rocket's awesome and all, but i don't think he stands a chance against the best bounty hunter in the galaxy.
firmly team rocket
dam the good old days gee i am down but i remember giving you some l's
my only competition was
we prefer clayish.
you have standing.
here is your reading list for this autumn and perhaps the winter too. so which ones are you most interested in?
here's an oldie that i truly love for excellent writing! can never resist recommending.
he the nigga thats abouta be all up in yo guts hoe
shut the fuck up
lol does it?
or like snot coming out of the nose
that top line has been good, bunch setting up great chances.
figured that would be the case. those guys should dominate at a minimum. i like to see that they are
clear your schedule to watch 'msg-the messenger' on . keep pouring in all the love!
i am all set for this. will watch
my 7 plus doesn't come until next week. i'm impatient
i'm jealous af lol
how did they not fire him?
wow. normally only that sort of thing in sports or entertainment!
please i would like to know about the food parings. you just mentioned it
send me a pm. i'm not allowed to advertise the dinners on social media.
3 new exhibitions opening tomorrow w reception 6:30 - 8:00, public invited
in this photo: melanie parke, yellow iris, 2016, oil on canvas, 44 x 49 inches, $6200.
"hillary's people otherized obama" defense makes sense for a regular r, but not when you support the most vocal birther in the country.
and therein lies the false equivalence problem for media. is suggesting "otherization" anything like trump's birtherism?
i accidentally pasted newlines into my twitter client, which causes the client to send a tweet
insider sql queries huh
until you realize he's woefully uninformed on foreign policy. though, still better than
makes good points about the debates though and the two party system.
- who could ever get last sunday, september 11, 2016 out of their mind while filling out a ballot.
yea really and there's a ways to go still who knows what could happen right ?
or vince and paul are marks for chiselled abs?
who's the skinny fat cruiser?
now that mo will let anyone without a license or training carry a gun i wonder if entertainers will return 2 branson.
i'd be scared quite honestly. stalkers are stalkers.
you could also try star wars droids, wall-e, and vision.
i love robots, like my robo-penguins
social justice warriors put it, race this and that, cultural appropriation this etc these crybabies for real lol
you are so right, my man. one of the smartest men on my tl... :)) i can't stand those things - they're all keeping us
trump, clinton spar over 'birther' controversy... we'll analyze their comments on
jaun is typical liberal, like the fish market trying to sell rotten fish by pointing to the fish market down the street!h-crit
hi, recently i filled a report about some tweets but haven't heard back from you, what can i do?
hi, let us know your case number and we'll be in touch soon. thanks!
forced to get off this morning by sitting on his face after the gym. needed him to not be distracted at work.
what a great dad
niners but haven't watched much since steve young left. remember the raiders super bowl with plunket well tho
same here watch for awhile under harbaugh. rooting for carr in oakland. went to school with his brother
trying to download scruff and meet up in less than 10% battery life just so i can use a bathroom is probably too optimistic right?
isn't there that bathroom app called pnp
you may want to re-read the complete lack of any such cites in your actual tweet &amp; my citation of politico. -:)
politico actually debunked the claim today, everyone has i cited everyone. you are to lazy to verify it.
can have no man talk bout my wifey like that and get away w it; this shit boutta get spicy
"spicy" ... but fact he crossed the line, if meek really from the streets, that ain't gon die like that
i'm in the whitney right now and i just made sustained eye contact with a beautiful art boy
he's gone now and i'm super emo about it
how many weeks of "every week we update our app bringing improvements and fixes" before i get my ios 10 features. eh?!!!
thanks for using twitter for this tweet! you can also turn on automatic updates: tap &gt; my account &gt; follow &gt; notifications.
it takes a lot of courage to stand up to a man who has none.
what?! you think a coward changes the skyline of manhattan? girl,you're either paid to lie or you're short-sighted &amp; silly
trump hires anti-abortion czar who said she was "disgusted" by his treatment of women
some put money above values.
at a tech related work event &amp; i just admitted that my favorite robot was bender. i'm the best professional.
and anyway you can all bite my shiny metal ass.
it's all coming apart cuz trump had the courage to look the msm animals in the eyes and tell the goddamn truth.
one staffer sends an email, gets fired, and that is a social movement??
social justice warriors put it, race this and that, cultural appropriation this etc these crybabies for real lol
segregated. if we all wanna be united, we all need to be just americans and treat each other like brother and sister- stop
and now for the commute home...where are you riding?
off to work
how do i get into the new masters club?
just go to the website. you should be able to sign up on there.
the . has sold their soul for ratings. they're putting this country in danger. everyone shld cancel their subscriptions
and i did just see that this slightly revised headline now mentions the hillary lie -
i think that the nice thing about "what do you like to do" is that it still leaves the door open for work-related things.
yeah, i like that question. i shall try it out, thank you!
send me a pm. i'm not allowed to advertise the dinners on social media.
oh sorry. but it won't let me send a direct message to u
ah, that's not crazy.
rubio was my biggest rise though! i thought si's was ridiculous.
cleared browser cache. now it works. so if google drive is running super slow for you, clear your browser cache.
oh damn, maybe thats why its fast on work computer but slow on my laptop
top ten dkc levels includes dkc returns and tropical freeze. its bar none the hardest top ten ive ever written.
holy shit good luck
exposed! "why isn't the msm here?!"
msm has been covering up the hatian scandal for years now. it's disgusting.
such a dick move. backed the media darling for + pr then drop from a great height when things go bad.
yep , pretty bad. phil would never do something like this
i'm all caught up with homework and it's weird like i don't have anything to worry or stress about i need something to stress about ok
shit must be nice !!!!!
waitwaitwaitwaitwaitwaitwait.....haha........i genuinely hope that this ends up working out for you haha
me too. bout to hit up craigslist and reddit lmao
true, although his opinions are quite malleable
though i hear that if you delay a little, they harden.
y is michelle &amp; barrack campaigning for her? they can shut up
there goes the legacy lol
my top 5 followers: , , , , . find yours free at
i'm very happy to be one of your top 5 have a wonderful weekend everyone
look, kid, if you're just going to assert fiction without any backup and ignore actual news cites, be ashamed.
actual news sites aren't cnn? abc? cbs? nbc? msnbc? fox? because they all talked and r tlking bout it now
help!! brandon took the keys and locked me in his car with the windows rolled up...his 7th grade ipod playlist playing in the background.
lmaoooooo u are a lying sack of dog shit
miss you all
we miss you more than does
attn twitter i just rode the c train with geraldo rivera with a toothpick in his mouth
you can't see the toothpick in my pic so you're just gonna have to trust me
social justice warriors put it, race this and that, cultural appropriation this etc these crybabies for real lol
this baby shit like "oh you stole this from me ( cultural appropriation), it sounds like kindergarten again, and "ur racist"
these are some of the best puzzle games i've ever played. highly recommended. (snakebird &amp; snowman are on ios, too)
grabbed them all. really trusting you on this sausage game.
just coffee coffee nothing but coffee coffee. think called black like black lab?
ok murray you beautiful black dog, i will bring yr daddyface black coffee coffee. what abt smallfry does she like coffee?
is the chosen one - he has exposed everyone and everything including elections
yes, but our govt. now is still corrupt and will do anything, including putting all our lives in jeopardy, its scary
your going to scream the entire song of holding onto you
iam yoo imma be the only one dabbing and hitting them folks.
apple put a barometric vent in the space where the iphone 7 headphone jack would have been. neat.
i remember the motorola xoom tablet had a barometric sensor. it was really new in 2011. iphone 6 got one in 2014. flights of stairs...
. great pre-reading material! what are you most looking forward to during tomorrow's session?
managed care to meaningful care. . +a-ha moments +lots of energy&amp;inspiration. the usual :)
"every credible source", none of which you can be bothered to cite. go home and sulk, little boy.
i just cited them! abc, cbs, nbc! msnbc! fox!
excrement-based vaccination-discovery pharmaceutical companies are shaking their robot heads at you.
no they aren't. they are too riddled with robot polio to do that...
lmfao right. he beefing with everybody
lol i'm like shit i only ain't been on twitter for a day when this happen lol
"never let the light on you be brighter than the light in you" spoken before show
and to all the american ships at sea, especially the crystal serenity that sailed from alaska to nyc via nw passage yay!
alberto was like ima go this and that and he don't even know when or where is it
october something in sf bout to be out with my sides
like i already wanna kms on a regular basis but multiply that by 100 for two weeks and i def would
honestly this is so true.....
who allowed her to have ios 10
fr tho like why
where is the tweet?
it was on the michelle obama tl. it was truly awful and by a woman no less. all capped, frenzied.
such a beautiful city
didn't know that you left earlier! have a safe flight! all the best!
hillary was an anti-vietnam war activist and worked for eugene mccarthy. you don't know what you're talking about.
she's advised by bush neo-cons and kissenger the war criminal. i think it's u that doesn't know what you're talking about hill-bot
i read this whole thread and it makes no sense to promote a song that isnt a single
let alone a song on the normal album
one minute man? ;)
that's his name for a whole other reason...
if doesn't have a confetti cannon rigged up either side of that stage, i'm going to be really disappointed!
oh yeah , talent rider makes mariah carey look laid back; confetti cannon, hot stone massage, only red smarties. ;)
hood? i am not a liberal, you must be talking about some of your cocktail buddies..
i'm sick of u racists pigs trump is insulting my president again no apology fuck u crackers
who wants a tick tock of the birther movement? i wrote one just in case:
is that a rhetorical question
social justice warriors put it, race this and that, cultural appropriation this etc these crybabies for real lol
for every come back. we need peace. and love. and unity. i'm a republican hippie. lol.
. says trump took 34 seconds to try and dispel a conspiracy theory he's spent years building on.
he did nothing except spin himself into a hero for "ending" birther movement that he started. he's still a racist.
the winners only have 6 days to reach their goal. please support these young ladies!
thank you so much for your support, anna!! &lt;3
trump's 'death zone' comment riles upstate leaders
it infuriating me to no end,.he is a racist &amp; among other things &amp; i don't see why people would think he would be a good president...
why don the con trump's 'birther' lie collapsed
that piece of shit lying bitch you support started this movement.
"every credible source", none of which you can be bothered to cite. go home and sulk, little boy.
look, i don't talk to uneducated little girls. into the basket you go. racist white trash garbage
and that's exactly why we're thinking about it! ;-)
unthinkable by human or ... ?
actually, the lonely planets game concept started with the robo-penguin game "come in spaceship"
same basic premise but 2d and with several robotic penguin bodies you can cycle through
when u get in fam, i'm tryna see lots of u
i land at 8! whatchu doing tn
wow i just left san francisco like an hour ago
like i was in sf for a well learning about the aids epidemic... you couldn't have come a few days earlier
there is a pod that is a category of nsurlrequest that adds a method to get a curl representation of a request
bleh. pods, though...
my top 5 followers: , , , , . find yours free at
i am very happy to be one of your top 5 have a fabulous weekend everyone
and it's still useless today.
trying to figure out the strategic point of this. you're spotting them the entire island!
where did they have him?
71. i put him 44 and really kind of want to boost him a couple more spots.
i remember the motorola xoom tablet had a barometric sensor. it was really new in 2011. iphone 6 got one in 2014. flights of stairs...
my roommate told me he went in an elevator up to the 30th floor of a building and the apple health app thought he took the stairs.
. departs caribbean marketplace and little haiti visitor center. en route to rally now.
who gives a fuck????
animated surface analysis of the 1926 miami hurricane impacting as a category 4 hurricane w/ 145 mph winds.
holy fuck it's like *poof* hurricane
the pink but ill be honest there both shit
look at the other pictures
oh sorry. but it won't let me send a direct message to u
try kieron.elliott.com
oh shit there were only 12 eps on netflix, so i liked it because i didn't get far enough haha
oh, haha, well at least you got your wish for more eps!
just ran into and i'm bugging. bet he wanted to take a big poop on my shirt!
now that's a real punk band!
yep. we fit the view to our frame, by and large.
2 notable restmts of sprawl/unaffordability/infill tradeoff: &amp;
tonight's lineup: utley 2b seager ss turner 3b gonzalez 1b grandal c reddick rf kendrick lf pederson cf maeda p
ag needs a night off.
accidentally flipping the capitalization of every character
i do that on purpose by holding down shift
great to see you on the five again!
of both my tweets that is the one you liked ok ebonilol!
do people still hate jfk? i find it pretty easy to get to/use for a giant airport.
my only complaint is how long it takes to get there/back from the city
what's your snap i wanna add you!
aliciafallas94
well good news is he's head down and facing my back which is a+ position for birth giving, but that means i could hardly see his face.
yay! i cant wait to meet him
tomorrow on , we're geeking out with . &amp; i go on a mission with him
i going to be watching
accidentally flipping the capitalization of every character
i just said my caps was mapped to ctrl come on pay attention
our csp violations were making it very difficult to find actual errors in sentry, it was also causing some strain
we use a separate project for it since the way csp works is opposite errors (noise vs signal)
hrc doesn't want to stand during debates. they are working on options.
maybe get a ventriloquist, jeff dunham would be great!!
i just keep thinking, i know in my heart timmy would want us (me and ) to make our 5 year reunion as uncomfortable as possible
wish i could join in the fun.
maybe she intended to have sex but instead got raped.
if she intended to have sex, then she consented, ergo no existence of rape.
of course you voted for paul
sorry but not sorry
there is a stencyl jam coming up next month, if you fancy it!
just depends on how much i pick up on it, complete amateur when it comes to this stuff
good time to remind everyone gary johnson didn't know who harriet tubman was
bernie sanders: "this is not the time for a protest vote for a third party candidate"
it's tea, you can't do proper dim sum without tea
then that still dispels the excuse some of my followers making for lin not liking soup cause he hates hot liquid for canker sores
i get it, but i mean who are you gonna share the link with?
myself. i used those urls *all the time*, dropping it in a todo item when an email requires action and i remove it from my inbox.
work more hours &amp; get more money or get off early &amp; get more sleep
the grind never stops
sneak peek - dhalsim! get ready for the inferno by collecting the other challengers at
omg you need this!!!!
then we are so fucking unmetal
i'm the most compassionate person ever, i'm an oncology nurse. but i'm metal as fuck
those coffee cups tho
this beer fridge tho
bastard thing. it's on youtube already if you fancy
i checked and i'm following you on the app, too (i mean duh, but still). dunno man.
heading to scentbird to add to my queue. lol
good choice ;) they smell amazing!
yeah but not paying 150 for that wireless bluetooth shit
already owned bluetooth headphones
i'm giving skype lessons from my home studio. hit me up if you're interested!
what's your schedule like this evening?
try kieron.elliott.com
thank u! and email is coming soon.
are ya'll really attacking because he doesnt want to be referred to as "girl" and justifying it by saying its aave?....
ya'll are really justifying transphobia by saying it's aave... i sometimes hate ya'll
briefed by my economic team to talk about progress we're making to bring good jobs to hoosiers all across in
you weren't even going to win re election, lol
heinz ketchup proves that donald trump is out of his mind.
the is so corrupt anyways...we're already being poisoned...still,
mini chocolate chip cookies.
the never ending bucket in iowa lol.
bastard thing. it's on youtube already if you fancy
i get the pings from and
kasich won't vote for trump: 'my actions have spoken very loudly'
keep your pledge. a man only has his word in this life.
maybe she intended to have sex but instead got raped.
it'd be like saying: she intended to have bareback sex, but a condom was instead used.
: nation's largest police union endorses trump
surprise. surprise. : nation's largest police union endorses trump
is definitely right now!
is definitely right now!
i got it. they're freakazoid. probably work for nra or gun company to tweet
like i said i just blocked mike, bfd, boondocks, robot dude, promac. if they laugh send them my love.
why are they beefing?
lol i actually have no idea. i just know that game protects all these rappers like drake and kanye
kinda think max b going to jail is bs anyway. he talked all that shit about jim jones, then all a sudden he ends up in jail...
nah that's not the case lol just look it up
71 is far too low for ricky. i will riot.
don't worry. mine is the definitive list.
those are adorable. robots are great. penguins are great also.
when i make 2d games the penguin is my preferred medium
he likes attention
he learned from someone i know
this is the absolute wrong way to cover what happened today.
the tv media were really pissed today and there will be changes in coverage. also attitude. it's now war.
boss to see the scousers both in the top 4
you've changed tone this season
today is a gift
wawa doesn't even come thru like this wtf
don't vc's provide a relatively small percentage of uber's funding and debt?
yeah that's just shorthand, would be more accurate to say "saudi arabia et al" these days
who knows why these things are the way they are...
ill tell you who!
the worst type of drug dealers are dealers who ask you for customers lmaoooo smfh foh
in a snapchat "aye i got fire molly hmu. let ppl know" "got this gas. let ppl know"
yeah, especially since he's *really* only 4 mos and a week old (3 weeks early) and that pyloric stenosis where he lost weight
i remembered the surgery, but not the early part. great!
are your employees engaged? the cost of companies losing valuable people can be as high as $188 billion per year.
you'll lose more money when cultureamp gets hacked due to bad security
fuck that noise
you're the coolest
boy writes to lego after losing a mini-figure. lego's customer service department should run the world.
pokemon is the opposite. my 7-year old saved to buy $50 box-set, which promised 3 ex cards but came with 0. pokemon said sol.
white people getting on the air train from suthpin always look scared.
i swear i don't want your seran wrapped suitcase.
where does it say she did not want sex &amp; that that's the issue?
i think her action of going over to rose's house, means she wanted sex.
i doubt it will bother me either, considering i use bluetooth for audio. or, my sound system when home. 1/2
was using bt anyway
battery weed on staten island, 1895. it was designed by joseph totten, opening in 1861
very cool. this is the same building but from behind (left corner on your photo):
the "adult" way to put on a bra is stupid and in no way more efficient than hooking it in the front first. there i said it.
wait, there is a different way?!??!
on our way to play with doggies and
so excited!
why i haven't been on twitter much the past 2 months: i am in helping to raise a christian army to fight :
your in my prayers for sure good luck
we do apologize for this unpleasant experience. how can we change the way you feel? we are here to assist. kc
i could get a rep on the phone since i have a lost phone on the account and don't know how to proceed
antonio brown was fined $9,115 for twerking after his touchdown on monday night (worth it.)
nothing to a boss
ron rivera still complaining about schedule (but oddly, not about playing the 49ers on short rest and a long flight)
somebody call the waaaa-mbulance
do people still hate jfk? i find it pretty easy to get to/use for a giant airport.
i like it a lot. public transit works well and food options much better than lga. easier in/out than lga these days. fwiw.
until then you're free to come shower at our place anytime
. second. from one best friend duo who loves pll to another.
thats right !
one point on your eagle pic i have bald eagles around my house they go after cats and little dogs too still great tweet
pretty smart huh. i want him negotiating our trade deals and not giving iran billions
yeah! the stage collapsing can't be good. what a deplorable image...lol
where does it say she did not want sex &amp; that that's the issue?
i don't believe it does "say she did not want sex". where did u see that?
...for a future episode to discuss mike's way of thinking about "god" as a sort of useful neurological fiction
i don't have much to contribute beyond my fervent support of such a conversation.
****40k**** for a car, facebook dude, you shit is messed up
i got through a decent chunk of the article able to empathize and then the dude lost me with style points. *grumble*
media and dems are in a false self righteous tizzy after put issue over president obama's birth to rest.
boris you and roger? so many people are saying you two are...sympatico?
this and last week i noticed how often a conversation starts with "where do you work?" or "how's business?" or "what are you working on?"
alternative question is to ask for a book they've recently read and found interesting.
long drives are a great way to clear your head! do you think you'll be able to get a car soon?
yeah maybe in 2 years when it's legal thanks tho
thank you for all the memories, cal poly ain't ready. see you soon
love you long time
got that? clinton people pushed innuendo that obama was a stealth muslim, but not birtherism per se. key distinction
that is not what he said.
week 8 poll who had a better main event?
smackdown had the better show this past week
my roommate told me he went in an elevator up to the 30th floor of a building and the apple health app thought he took the stairs.
the galaxy nexus that came out later in 2011 also had a barometer. the original apple watch doesn't, but the series 2 does. win!
i'll make fun of them for whining
red, whining &amp; blue.
very scary. have faith. the election is november 8th. the military is behind trump
thank goodness for that. only some losers in gop r not, but tbey are outnumbered by us
the message was clear to me... donald trump doesn't respect women. period.
with respect the two of you seem to be talking across each other. todd is talking campaign strategy which != the issues.
her eyes are always following you
it's particularly alarming when you catch her reflection in the med cabinet.
aware of that.
then why'd you ask lol
some superb multiple minis here from . too bad nyt tweeted that out as a gif.
thanks, matt! and, d'oh!
i don't believe it does "say she did not want sex". where did u see that?
from what i'm reading, it says she wanted money from rose.
all you are doing is helping trump and his puppeteer putin. if trump wins, he will fire off the nukes. is that what you want?!
i know your kidding, but there is a non 0% chance that he does that.
that's why antivirus software is for.
most robots prefer unprotected reboots because the geek squad gets handsy...
doesn't have an off switch.
it's hard not to notice him out there. gotta be a pain to play against him.
on national prisoners of war remembrance day, a pow shares what it means when trump insults veterans.
uh. living medal of honor recipients endorse trump.
does anyone use the apple phone upgrade program/ is it good?
meant to say to this earlier it's really good you can upgrade every year and with each phone comes two apple care replacements
depends on whether she was using npm scripts instead of grunt or gulp.
i wanna figure out how to make `ant` work with javascript just to really make everyone angry
of course, that's probably something for us to solve :)
yeah to be clear its a shitty solution to the problem :)
why is everyone born in september
: if i wasn't born 2 months early. i would've been born in september as well.
my favorite euphemism for getting a haircut is definitely "getting my ears lowered".
first heard that phrase on the old nicklelodeon show doug.
the message was clear to me... donald trump doesn't respect women. period.
it's a subtle difference but it seems to be the cause of many of the less-productive debates i see on twitter re: politics.
hearing aids are fucking expensive
mostly when you have other things to worry about like how am i going to get food today on my kids plate
heard you guys are cool with rape.
i'll take that as a "yes."
photography by american artist mikos
patel***gee, this is pretty. i love this.***
i was never given any case number, filled the form, sent it and no mail has arrived.
the email could be in your spam folder. please check and let us know if you still don't see it!
.: it's clear hillary clinton never told tim kaine that she had pneumonia
that's exactly how she has always operate do"mommy dearest"paranoia, secretive, &amp; this is how she would be in wh!
this should terrify you.
beyond words...
the cult of penn state is back. a statue? honoring him for helping students? be very, very ashamed of yourself psu
the guys a piece of shit dead or alive!
. why would i partake w/ fools? why would a prodigy learn to despise even the very family of youth? why not seek good instead?
the only "passing" you are cognizant of is the melting of an ice cube.
i give a 6/10. ridiculously long load time &amp; while fun the open spaces don't seem to have a point. nothing to do in them.
yeah, the long load times are the thing which stopped me from getting it
speaking of sharing recipes, what recipes do you use for your homemade hot sauces? i need to make some
i've been using this one for my latest batch, quite tasty:
from what i'm reading, it says she wanted money from rose.
"doe sent texts to rose &amp; became increasingly frustrated when he did not respond or give her money"
my next read
i had to read twice to fully understand it but i think it's worth it!
the roguelike celebration is tomorrow! schedule &amp; info: streaming: &amp; roguelike_con2
is my roguelike ticket transferable? i am sick with the flu and want to offer it to a friend.
was that normally locked? i heard stories about someone from my team who played in it occasionally.
i tried a few times over the last couple years, and the door was always locked. maybe i was just unlucky?
cable news networks are trump's greatest suckers
ratings before responsibility.
the spaceship penguin bodies are designed for different tasks while surviving in an alien solar system
deep pressure body, high durability body, solar suit, and gas giant exploration body
i corrected si's top 100 players in the nba, so here is the definitive list.
draymond had the biggest drop of 19 spots. rubio had the greatest gain of 27 spots. even now i want to push him two spaces higher.
btw, does anyone know why trump decided to reintroduce birther topic this week? politically, it's madness
he kept getting asked about it. his statement was a doubling down. he thinks he's a muckraker. but he's a
msm outraged forced to cover comments from military generals, admirals, medal of honor... don't like u.s heros?
i'd say the answer is a big ole "no"
powered by lucene!
in fact it's an ai fusing with man
new npm package: "arch" os.arch() in the browser. going to use it to serve 32 vs. 64-bit webtorrent installers.
we do a different trick, we serve up a 32-bit version always, then we change your updater url if 64-bit
my little brother real talk got suspended today for flipping a water bottle and breaking a light in the ghs locker room
if any asshole gives my brother shit for this it's bad for you.
you can't when you're the business owner.
let the ho's handle the yayo's
this presentation is next level
they don't mess around at genuine liquorette!
test kitchen w/ my boy javier! more salt? more butter? honey or no honey?bring on the meat
oh my! what lovely buns you have!!
after 20 hrs of wiring &amp; testing garage-door openers, the best smart garage-door controller:
great job covering homekit compatibility here. essential for all smart device reviews now.
so pretty
thank u she is
still my best guy &amp; soulmate incredible dad too
you look so good together. was the bottom right taken on vacation?
nah no mute man- sorry, just saw this!
do you ever really mute anyone that's not a psychopathic troll?
the portal is here. amazing!
what is this magic golden object?
*everything*. including photos.
i have a lot of photos.
fuuuuuuuuck. one worker with a blowtorch managed to cripple transit in pittsburgh "indefinitely."
guess we're naht gon dahntahn any time soon.
: has some explicit matches to filter popular things out; how's it working so far?
fwiw thats almost entirely for js errors (not so much csp, which has its own rules)
just go copy the part of the logic you want, no need to actually include it he pod.
fair enough.
i bought a digital game using my phone browser, it gave me ps3 when i wanted ps4. how do i switch it?
why are you ignoring me?
oh okay i'm only looking for sunday. nevermind then, sorry!
you can use it for just sunday but i'd still be looking for $80
yes. a good post.
not sure if some of his followers will listen, but it's worth a shot
deep pressure body, high durability body, solar suit, and gas giant exploration body
agricultural unit, excavation/construction, heavy lifting bot, emergency situation body
the hematite energy is on its way. have a fantastic day.
ty and blessed moon!
: has some explicit matches to filter popular things out; how's it working so far?
the major concern is csp is a lot of stuff you don't care about, but some you do. errors are opposite.
dude lay off i've been drinking a lot of wine today. go watch some football on twitter
best tweet of the day!
i missed my delivery because i'm stuck at work and i hate myself and my life but i'm happy for you
you could have presigned for it! that's what i did cause i was at work too, but thank you!!
thanks for the compliment and complaint all in one tweet.
here to keep you level-headed
"it just seems that the economy does better under the democrats than the republicans." -donald trump in 2004
for once actually told the truth!!
omg y do u hve so many unread messages
literally what i was wondering
i miss living with
i miss living with you too
we're excited to begin a new round of bots for tots with and the students!
i am so glad you know erin! i am a huge fan!
democratic primary winner in new york state senate race says she'll join group that supports gop
it's all about the benjamins for some people. they can't help it.
why is ps4 winning by such a wide margin?
i ha e xb1 deciding if i want to get ps4 as well. ps4 probably has the better exclusives
where's the party at tonight
come fly out to new yuck city
bicycle narrow wheels can get caught between the rails. if possible, walk - don't ride - across. always cross at a 90-degree angle.
great key safety tip. bike riders, always be aware of your surroundings and stay safe near rr tracks.
see if you gave me a ride to the car you could've had my spot
lol i seen this but i already had a park i was closer than u
one week from today (sept 23). i can't wait.
it's going to be awesome! :)
i eat horribly when i travel but i heard that calories you consume outside of your zip code don't count, technically
do the calories know that?
vengie give me yours. my titan has none
go into patrol
and i'm very sorry you're in pain. i'd buy you a beer, but if you're on pain killers that's not a good combo
yeah not ideal. hopefully it'll be better by sunday! but yeah. life kinda blows right now.... but madrid look good so meh
"free lunch in the school no pizza"
omg is this true, he worked at my job for one day and they told him not to come back cause he's so weird
totally agreed... and i wouldn't know if she's doing a good or bad job at that tbh. i guess she's preaching to the choir..
yep, that's todd's key point. trump is coming back strong whilst hilary is doing a poor job of reaching across the aisle.
lol. desperation at its most desperate. no trick too low for left wing scum.
sorry the truth upsets you. if you have a problem access the federal court docs. google it &amp; the other 3 know rape accusations.
can we call now for the
sorry we had a winner but we have another pair of tickets to win this hour. good luck
2 notable restmts of sprawl/unaffordability/infill tradeoff: &amp;
try as one might, articles tend to have forms of ambiguity.. generativity ;)
thoughts?? i love that these queens aren't to be fucked with this season!
she sounds like the donald trump of drag queens tbh...
"doe sent texts to rose &amp; became increasingly frustrated when he did not respond or give her money"
keep in mind, the texts she sent asking for money, were after the alleged civil-suit incident.
is this photo shopped? it's a brand new car! ! omg
***oh uh***
summer's over far too cold for that now!
uhh the water is 70 degrees!
really want to shoot
and for that matter.
regrets. an earlier switch problem recently cleared. we have residual delays as a result.
cool then say that on your service website so people can plan accordingly
donald trump has spent years peddling lies about president obama. and that didn't stop today.
this is not a statement of free will but rather one of persuasion.have we not forgotten leopards can not change their spots
finally
u look so beautiful
thank you!! my day has gotten better so that's good!
i'm happy to hear that!
me and 2 buddies gotta league on for $10 hit me up if you want in
i might be down.
now that's god engineering wow
it was a good day at the office.
happy birthday come to my house to get ur nasty ketchup love u lots
delete this immediately
the alcohol industry is getting nervous about weed legalization in the northeast
we're not worried. and more than happy to no longer have non-violent offenders clogging up our over-taxed legal system.
"the documented" album cover for rt/likes are appreciated ^_^
ops? ^ i know you made some beast album covers so i would think going to you is the best option
keep in mind, the texts she sent asking for money, were after the alleged civil-suit incident.
in her statements, she seems to imply that she "wouldn't" have sex "with multiple men".
size 9.5 stussy x nike air max 95 for retail.
only if it was a half size bigger!
that means a lot!
it was fabulous! and i think i met carolyn at the end of summer bash this year. she was a sweetheart. happy birthday to her!
your awesome. i try really hard to be
letty you my dear are plenty awesome, hell you spew awesomeness
can we vote to call the the washington indigenous people for the rest of the season?
i approve this message
one of the most repulsive things with among many, was seeing a draft dodger standing next to medal of honor recipients
you managed to ignore an roomful of medal of honor recipients to spew bile? you're a big man,aren't ya?
wow. the store manager is still dealing with this for me (and activating my line). i just told her you have the same problem.
this is all because of the fuck up today. i'm not leaving until it's all resolved.
you are the best teacher friend and dancer there is i love you happy b day
aww carol you are the sweetest! love ya too girl
funny, you're the 3rd person to say that!
just get a dictionary when you read it it makes it 10x easier to understand lol
meant to ask you, where did the name come from?
came up with it, based on the greek mythological monster and ring scale bells
ur so cute! thank you it's just bad bc my hair is so curly- i've worn the same hairstyle for 10 months
hey a new color can make you feel so different
trump started the 'birther" thing? no pinhead, it was killary's camp. chump!
when will you idiots stop gulping the kool aid and wake the fuck up?
yooooooooo y'all. mr. rojasstraight up apologized for being hella tough on everyone.
he says he wants anyone who he was rude or extra to, to go to american because he personally wants to apologize to them.
i found your stuff
what da fu!!!!
gary johnson excluded from presidential debate. what is debate?
seem like it's all this guy talks about. wth
and a meme was born
i thought i tweeted this as a reply to ben's original post where he created the meme
those have actually become my favorite parts of ...
not criticizing the feature, just the lack of respect for my preferences. soon twitter will be like instagram with no options.
in her statements, she seems to imply that she "wouldn't" have sex "with multiple men".
she's not saying she "didn't consent", but simply that she "wouldn't have" consented.
are you serious!? i'm so jealous.
way serious. he was fantastic.
highest quality video ever
t would hate
he says he wants anyone who he was rude or extra to, to go to american because he personally wants to apologize to them.
like this dude was abouta cry on some real shit
awesome! thanks for the recommendations. i'll have to make a trip around.
np, let me know how it goes.
more than a million refugees have left south sudan: un
call the saudis
lol nah. mine was closer chattin boiiii
lol u parked mad far shouldn't have just walked to school
one of the most repulsive things with among many, was seeing a draft dodger standing next to medal of honor recipients
disgusting,propagandistic,dehumanizing comment. you win the award for determined myopia.
how to apply??
check out our open positions here!
me at this bachelorette party.
i just choked seeing this screencap
is that also common in berlin? i thought that was kind of an american thing.
i think it's much more common here (us), which is why it's been so visible to me these last two weeks.
never forget german dub jibanyan, who sounds like a goblin
ok now i'm curious
where does the time go? our newborns are little people with big personalities.
i guess you sing with them...no more time for karaoke lol
it is 50% off on psn for ps plus members though.
my ps4 hd is full and i'm too lazy to free up space.
as expected, menelik watson and mccants are out. (official word doubtful). it's howard backed up by alexander at right tackle.
good thing we're deep at the o line. come at us
not at all i just can't understand it. i feel all loved
i wanted to see ' game massacre you some more. ;p
this site won't let me sign up &amp; chose the freebie 2 a case month
it's meant for law firms &amp; attorneys. i'm not sure if you can register as an individual or not.
anyone up for a 90's dance party in the city tomorrow night? ?
i wish. why do i have to be so far away
"well maybe i would have been more concerned if he didn't use the freaking shock collars when we dueled. seriously, wtf?"
big brother was just trying to share his hobbies and interests with you, sho. stop being so unappreciative.
cheers y'all
cheers jeanne &amp; all
totally. but if he did gaf and media would be blowing up over it.
yep you know and sheep media who does no digging would fall in place
stop bashing em son you look good in blue bro
i will never represent chelsea you hear me??
i ahm dahntahn.
did you know: twitter says you're speaking indonesian?
i feel like i have one or two photos that randomly were incredible, but the rest could have been shot wayyyyyyy better
i mean, that's the biggest secret to photography tho, just take 284773723x photos
would you agree that container orchestration &amp; configuration management are not usually the same tool? are their situations where they are?
they are a config mgmt problem, but specialized enough to warrant non generic tools
hit the cannoli and whiskey part of the day
unfortunately it is also stilll the work part of the day
btw, does anyone know why trump decided to reintroduce birther topic this week? politically, it's madness
wapo interview forced his hand, right?
don't know where the time went!
the best is yet to come!
i try to be. hopefully we are able to meet someday!! thanx for ur compliment!!
i would love for us to meet. maybe at one of premieres in the next two years. :)
thanks for telling me something
always here for you. consider me as a personalized psa. ppsa.
'demon' a classy, crazy art-house horror flick
hillary fund raiser
thank you for 2 million followers :d that's crazy haha. the fact that any of you even show interest in me is very sweet :)
well dude your kinda awesome and loud! hell i can hear you're tweets all the way here in california
huge thanks to our friends at for donating nft channels + reservoirs to our classroom farm!
our pleasure! your work is important and great. keep it up!
this would be amazing
needs to watch himself, or he'll be another myspace.
****40k**** for a car, facebook dude, you shit is messed up
i may have been tempted to throw something when i got to that point.
how do i know 's '08 campaign didn't push ? i worked there as a senior team member. can't foist his filth on her.
two damning things in one-leader of the "party of personal responsibility" padding the buck and the gop leader claiming he takes
what games are exclusive on ps4?
bloodborne, uncharted series, the last of us, new spider man, final fantasy 15
she's not saying she "didn't consent", but simply that she "wouldn't have" consented.
if she is claiming she "can't remember", then she can't rightly also claim she "didn't consent".
powell will be going to fewer dinner parties in washington...
colin powell real housewife of the potomac?
we hope you'll join to introduce yourself to thousands of downtown diners! welcome
and to support 2 local public schools arts &amp; enrichment programs. it's a gr8 event &amp; tons of fun!
sexy love easily rt : favorite max b song. go!
i'm so high for me
i firmly believe that ppl who say things about hillary, and cannot prove them are simply getting even with bill because they couldnt impeach
i believe that!
: nation's largest police union endorses trump
surprise. surprise. : nation's largest police union endorses trump
hi beth, i'm happy to review your order however i was unable to locate your account. please email twitter.co. cg
thanks for your reply. i called earlier. nanette at customer service helped me place the order. she was fabulous.
holy vanderjesus! what a glorious shower curtain
wait, can we get a vanderjesus one? one gigantic mona head??
two damning things in one-leader of the "party of personal responsibility" padding the buck and the gop leader claiming he takes
his cues from "crooked hillary"
i know me too if you want me to hit someone in the face with a volleyball i'll do it, for you.
yes please just chose whoever you like, most of them could use it.
not to be missed! 's 6th annual beer &amp; food tasting benefit on oct 7!
yea! please do this in nyc!
"no one has to be suffocated" ignores the very real social/psychological impacts of being an outlier. it's not that easy.
im not ignoring anything i'm just saying we live in a great time. what else do u want me to say? being an outlier is good btw
people watching at central park was great... until this inconsiderate lil girl started feeding birds near me.. wtf is this a joke?
some random camera crew is here filming people kissing.. i clearly picked the wrong area
i've been on this corey story for over a year now. glad to see others recognizing his brilliance.
it looks like this was yesterday too bad can't get him on show. we could gofundme his appearance fee
lichtspeer and its ancient germanic future will launch on september 27th!
wow dass klingt like some serious deutsch! what's this game about?
it's true and damn valid reason
lmfao no deadass he scared me
need some for tl or wagers hmu link in bio (ps4)
wanna do the 2v2 at 7?
the 2 not running?
the 2 not running from 241st to 96 and the 5 not running from dyre to 180 and the 4 doing some fuck shit. that's crazy
nice try! wedding pics, v!!! not holiday pics
maybe i should post my post divorce pics where im wearing a big smile!
also my brother drives a 1989 bonneville. he was born in 1993
he may also not be aware that there are vey nice new cars between 20-30k that work just fine.
love it by
thanks vicki!
and too lazy to put in a 2tb internal drive. :)
and and buy additional hd to transfer my downloads. then transfer everything.
my grandmother just passed. this was not a surprise, but it's still sad.
i'm sorry to hear that.
i wanna go purple! i just don't to damage my curls bc i'm not cutting my hair anymore i'm trying to grow it back out.
yeah that makes sense . sza orange would be cute too .
ahha you'll be disappointed then (for an hour)
i'm only picking on you. mostly :p
when you only like guys with beards but you're too young to date guys with beards
see you in 5 years
great docu "harold lloyd's world of comedy."
amazing how harold lloyd did extraordinary stunts having lost thumb and forefinger of right hand in accident; wore glove to hide it.
ah ok. nice work jay. i'm behind in the times.
i commute via subway and fly a lot. negative wires.
is there a react pattern that shows/hides "pages" based on a router? i'm wary of tearing down the dom when user navs routes.
i see this a lot with swipe-able left nav incidentally. unclear to me when then right thing is to hide vs remove from dom
well dude your kinda awesome and loud! hell i can hear you're tweets all the way here in california
and i mean i hear your voice screaming you're tweets every time you do
can't wait for the city-dwelling weekenders to resume their routine long island hate so i can have a peaceful train ride home on fridays.
city people in the winter: "ugh why would i ever go to long island?" in the summer: "omg hamptons! fire island! let's go to the beachhhhhh"
and we still got more to go i gotta call u tonight
ok cool, i'm here
anthony lynn's next promotion could come the day after the bills play in seattle, as buffalo enters its bye week. maybe sooner.
honestly don't know if that's good or bad?
two lacrosse bros just showed up in central park. i didn't realize until just now that there is a "bro" accent. where do bros come from?
just saw that the lacrosse bros are much more than bros. this is the happy ending that we don't even deserve
are you not concerned that apple added a footnote to warn about scratches? if even they added one, it has to be bad.
i'll live with it. the other colors are so slippery without a case.
&amp; the search for a liquid eyeliner that i really like continues.
the e.l.f. liquid liner is lw garbage but i use it anyway
are you not concerned that apple added a footnote to warn about scratches? if even they added one, it has to be bad.
my phone will be pretty safe from scratches because it won't even ship until november...
tfw there's no internet &amp; u have to call ur bio teacher on a weekend to find out how sensory deprivation tanks work
i should've made the hashtag for this
this is also my opinion. we had an energetic debate (internally) earlier.
you could build one with, say chef - but it wouldn't be better for the generic nature
what a fucking draining week
we gon be alright tho
i think it can be both that and not enough memory.
yeah, memory was an issue too had it on a 512mb droplet and the ddos didn't help either
some random camera crew is here filming people kissing.. i clearly picked the wrong area
this little girl keeps asking me to buy chocolate from her... the ducks are getting closer.. here i was minding my own business
im coaching a youth football game tomorrow, then watching college football, then flying to oakland for football. this weekend is dope af
if i came to one home game, would you say this would have to be the one?
in 15 more years nfl will be flag football
pretty close already
feels good to be in the rain and breathe in some fresh air
you're in anchorage for the weekend..i'm in cali for the weekend. nice haha
again then when it did come up, obsma should've showed it then not later and this would've over long ago
trump went on and on and on, long after the long form came out.
yes, when i answered your question and put my headphones back on, i wanted you to keep making conversation. thanks
don't worry everyone. i escaped this person and am now on the bus. next to a manspreader. please set me on fire
ff 15!!?? haven't played since 7
supposed to be good. xb1 has gears of war, halo, deadrising as exclusives. xb1 has backwards compatibility too
i love your tweets, make me laugh!
glad to hear it! :-)
i swear, half the food places in sf are just "take cuisine x and put it in a burrito" (e.g. korean, filipino, indian)
i for one welcome our new burrito masters
i'm not 100% if he even owns skate mag though just know he doesn't own thrasher lol
you don't even follow me go away
i feel the same way with the netflix &amp; tv mcu villains.
they have more time to flesh out.
it shouldn't have taken them that long.
they want to be given attention.
think that's bad?
i heard that crazy
before you love me just remember love is only sweet surrender
i could spend my life in this "sweet surrender"
it's time to party like it's 1787
me and need a to be in a teacher nerd reality show! i dig what she is doing!
don't hafta coz i don't wanna
then you can't be our friend so their
of course, that's probably something for us to solve :)
idk if we'll do this, but it'd let you build better searches around data:
yep, everyone will know tomorrow.
nah we "homers" we just think everybody we got is better.
first it was an irs lawsuit, now it's insisting i need to appear in court for some sort of felony. wow.
irs lawsuit one has been going around. two people at work got called yesterday
i need a new album from banks, goddess was so fucking good
thought u meant lloyd banks
i'm blacktose, remember?
lol ohhhh idk why i instantly read this like "look at this health freak shaming those who don't eat healthy"
recent on-air , will jameis winston be a top 15 qb this week at arizona?
he better be since he's on my league of record team.
yep. feel old on some days, tho
you don't look it or act it. you just went from london to amsterdam to travel all over scotland
haha you're a kind soul
haha i felt bad. i told her she reached hr and i don't keep track of those things. she was asking for her book club !
bruh get yo pops man on snapchat just drinkin hella water listening to oldies
that's how y'all gonna get at me??
the only thing mason has ever committed to is having shitty tattoos.
this is actually untrue and whoever thought of it is on my shitlist (serious)
we're excited to be in san jose!
is this the same production as was at earlier?
this home button is so weeeird. it's there but it isn't and i don't know what's real anymore!
welcome lol
we're thrilled to have a new office in london, here are some photos of what it looks like.
that looks awesome!
none of those have the potential upside that twitter promised to its investors. it was sold as the next fb.
i'm dunno... twitter has a $13b market cap right now. bloomberg is $9b, pinterest ~$7.7b. feels like there's something there.
i thought i tweeted this as a reply to ben's original post where he created the meme
you can create your own "explain to me ben" meme here
so this is my number this year in the line up for the .number 1 can mean and be...
you're gonna win. my theme is behind u
bitched schiano for guys diving at legs during kneel
turned out ru forced like 4 fumbles on that but diff game
my 1st interactions at tud 10yrs ago were t1s who gave me confidence about testing in public
thank you so much for your retweet osob!
"the single most harmful aspect to youth sports is rampant negativity." -
we'll be doing a facebook live session w/ in the coming wks. rt if you'll tune in to ask some ?'s!
what is a slippery color
i knew you would call that out but i decided not to correct. fatal mistake. *slippery finish
i'm a firm believer that no one, no exceptions, should be able to tweet more than once an hour.
hopefully rt don't count or i'm on the shit list too!
i feel the same way with the netflix &amp; tv mcu villains.
also, they fell victim to "kill off" the villain for instant gratification in the beginning.
the point i was arguing is generic is (a lot) more work in this case
for no upside. you simply don't need 99% of the functionality
in bush,v gore,price of vote 4nader,(who put ego b4 safety of)was war&amp; depressiona vote4 independents is vote 4&amp; =d 4&amp;4 ussr
needs a beat-down.
tickets are now available for julieta, elle, moonlight, paterson, toni erdmann, and more!
moonlight already sold out again?!
i miss when angelina jolie was still weird. she's by far the best character in this movie.
. . . and there's a scene in a generically alt dance club, because of course there is!
new south park ep revisits "giant douche v turd sandwich" for this election &amp; i thought "only 2 rich white dudes could think like that."
only white men have the luxury to think it doesn't matter if we elect trump bc he's the "lesser of to evils." think about that. really.
so excited to announce my cover and spread for will be on shelves october 3rd here's a sneak peek
love it!!
explain ur girl please
she is being blatantly vain
she said tylenol pm or equate pm from walmart. &amp; the tea is sleepy time by celestial or sweet dreams by bigelow
ok thanks tati!! ima give it a try
starting an old man clan. possible names; tier40 iusedtobe bombsquadcialis
mastersystembois
that would be bomb! i think ima save that to when my hair grows out a lil more.
what great minds can do when they come together
hey i was thinking of getting it. is it honestly worth it?
bahaha don't ever question an iphone. it's always worth it!
very disappointing. what theatre? -kelley
amc newpark 12.
i'll cry tbh
i'm probably going to do it this weekend
morning
hope you are well.
tell me something you're looking forward to this weekend.
oh, something minor.
i've never had any hope for msnbc but cnn has swung wildly to the left and virulent anti-trump. no longer any pretense of balance
which bothers me. the media is to serve as the 4th unofficial branch; aiding in checks and balances.
goodluck (:
thanks for the support
this guy. i finally got to see live &amp; now i'm incredibly inspired and can't go to sleep.
and so it begins.. you will be hooked forever once a gavin fan.. always a gavin fan
they missed the golden era.
there are people still joining facebook so im not surprised
makes me think a chunk of his supporters were just against the ~establishment more than for his ideals sadly
i think they're against ladies telling them what to do
thank you and for the safety reminder:
thank you for raising awareness.never stop on the tracks! it is illegal &amp; dangerous!
dear katy -- working on a story on aging + tech. what is the best way of getting in touch?
sorry for the delay. pls email info.com and they'll put us in touch.
.: 'sinister' is calling racist to get the black vote
yet she &amp; obama r the ones who leave our blk friends behind in ghettos
interesting questions arise for trustees of the royal yacht britannia trust
i mean, not that this is ever actually going to happen. but theoretically.
i've been told by professional photographers samsung's color is less natural. your thoughts?
i'll wait for to weigh in when he gets back from photokina
i had a poop without my phone today. i was afraid, then i embraced it and spent some time with my thoughts.
&gt;_&lt;bruh......
when even cnn thinks something hillary says is ridiculous...
they laughed because it was cute - go shoot another elephant idiot!
i really don't understand what they did here. this release was talked about forever and i have yet to notice 1 good thing
actually the best feature is that you can now remove the pre-installed apps
who will be "america's next to racist"
gonna go with curt schilling on this one...
oh i agree. also in all fairness marvel can't use any of their best villains. doom, magneto, kang etc
for now, but true. however, hiddleston and bruhl elevated their characters, we've got thanos.
psa anyone wanna see ptv and neck deep with me this weekend?
come to their show on monday with me
i am able to upload a profile pic, but it won't show. all i get is a white box. two dif. accounts, ie &amp; chrome... same issue. help.
have you checked out our help center? try these easy troubleshooting steps.
otherwise it's hard to justify
so is buying the new psp in the first place.
it might be stating the obvious but during apple launch days/weeks is at his best. he writes with depth. still, haters gonna hate!
probably because is so passionate about apple, so much so he notoriously comes off as an apple fanboi.
been over a month since i've been trying to post my avatar. it won't work. so i'm a blank white box. please help !!!
have you checked out our help center? try these easy troubleshooting steps.
julian edelman ($24,309) and cameron fleming ($18,231) were fined for unnecessary roughness
edelmans fine was higher than broncos who rocketed at cams skull
their old formula was wayyyy better. idfk what happened.
the nyk stuff is solid. i don't even fuck with those felt tip pen style liners even though i have like 5 by kvd
i slyly deleted this tweet you replied to and fixed a grammatical error. but i just wasn't fast enough.
your song for the day.
lol.hillary is dropping like a ton of bricks and you weak minded idiots are panicking. i love it.
we're not the ones panicking. look to your by !
forte murdered my fantasy team last night
yeah, he'll do that. he's a beast.
what about the montana movie? was that a good one?
walking out? it hasn't been released yet...i think it's still in post-production.
those are the human trafficking people don't text them or call them.
that's scary af i didn't call or respond thank god
...good? i'm straight, so i'm not really concerned if you like me or not. you sound a bit scorned there, pal.
that response "good?" nobody asked to fuck with you, he sounds sweet as hell read this
jesus warned of this.
such a smart dude
still lots of clearance, but all confined to one nest-ish area!
shockingly organized!
you are not alone boo! just remember to take it one step/day at a time and do only what you can.
thank you faith
how about throwing inflatable life-sized dolls of the donald, complete with small hands?
btw, did ya know they make a djt butt plug? how 'bout throwing those?
? i turn my phone but i don't understand what it is.
i believe you have to look at sidways with bottom on right hand side.u see table through window and buildings.
incredible art installation connecting people around globe. planning project w/class! any lab ideas??
this is transformative! how did you get one on campus?
try kieron.elliott.com
email sent thanks again
heads up preview program peeps! y'all ready to get your clubs/lfg on? :d
can't wait to try it out with private matches on
remember when the market tanked after the 1st tech bubble, &amp; there was a magazine cover that just said "pop": was it the industry standard?
i should've prefaced that with "question for my fellow "
oh i agree. also in all fairness marvel can't use any of their best villains. doom, magneto, kang etc
i'm positive about gettng galactus and doom back in the fold. and made hive compelling.
katy! we love your work! help some young world changers out! we'd love your feedback on the .
come to optimize oct 12-14 in san francisco! we need more innovation in alz! looking forward to learning more
i had headphones in and a man just stopped me to tell me i look like a "dark princess" and like expected me to stand there and talk to him
fam i have a manicure to fix, try again later!!!
spread the! show your first wedding kiss
that's lovely you look like a princess
this lady walks in the nail salon selling shrimpsmeanwhile the other guy screaming dvds and sour i swear i done seen it all...
like who tf sales shrimps in a barbershop?!
but this is all irrelevant. the fact is trump didn't allow the official pool to go with him, successfully avoiding answering any questions.
joseph goebbels offspring say what...?!
yep. was here last two nights. one last game tonight.
nice man last night what a come back from boston
so simple- so good. so, witchy.....
aww thanks for retweeting
lol serge ibaka at the airport
i gave him the "i know who you are but don't wanna blow ur cover" salute &amp; he did it back so yeah, safe to say i'm invited to his next game
the claaaaaaw.
i love everything about this
i heard a little but i want the juicy wine-fueled details
i obvs tell the story with more enthusiasm and drama
out to la to stick dick n sum bitches!
where is the btchs at in la lol i was in long beach when i went
just me, the hemisphere dancer, and..... a photobomber
go over and make a friend!!
only white men have the luxury to think it doesn't matter if we elect trump bc he's the "lesser of to evils." think about that. really.
i just read an article on trump's anti-abortion plan and my heart stopped. don't tell me he's "lesser of two evils." don't even try it.
i think i was on the local westchester news today, but i can't log in to find out because i don't have cable.
try vpn. the v is for vanity search. ;-)
note: when ur a grown adult, don't party in a foreign country for 10 straight nights or u will return and be sick
but was it fun?
like who tf sales shrimps in a barbershop?!
heard the fish market to go.
uncorked this beauty for mid-autumn festival!
gorgeous and delicious! happy weekend!
wrong apple delivery
not even 7 of them
my 6 year old grandson said to me today ''do they finally know grandpa?'' then he said ''are we going into chambers?'' i can't stop crying.
there is still a way to prevent this but time is short. we need an intl. hate speech court to stop people like trump!
trying to think of what will make me feel better the fastest tonight. don't @ me with drug or alcohol jokes they're not funny at all
kitteh videos. specifically, tiny newborn kitten live streams.
drinking bourbon and snapping fresh green beans for dinner. i've become my grandparents
that is the essence of life my friend.
(i'm visiting brian for our anniversary it's dumb)
why is brian in nj? doesn't like to pump gas? also, why not come to boston? it's better.
i die whenever no one knows or remembers a very convenient basic rule... its natural not a fault or anything on the players i just die
it doesnt help that they played with pathfinder rules for two or three years. they get confused between the two
lmao ill let him know you'll do the delivery for him
i'll seriously do it. ask him if he wants me to come in my favorite suit or favorite underwear
xb1/ps4 7pm et free entry $10 prize 2v2 snd 1nd click now!
need 1 ps4 use skype hold ur own weight and don't have an ego
. departs caribbean marketplace and little haiti visitor center. en route to rally now.
djt enjoys the attention ,the motorcades bodyguards the sence of importance but is he ready/fit for the job? no!
i have over 19 thousand, it seems. it takes forever. luckily, it stops indexing when not on power.
hmm, i'm seeing laggy zooming even when not on power.
and now i just got $20 tickets to the lost city of z!
now going to manchester by the sea and paterson cause i need to see everything and moviepass are a bunch of cunts and cancelled my account
you're silly ignorant. the only reason you think he's racist is because you were told by the media. god help this country.
. um, actually no. he has a long history. we've lived thru his bullshit here in ny 4 years.
it's over janice.
and don't try to , ! better , with ! !
incredible art installation connecting people around globe. planning project w/class! any lab ideas??
can we get one delivered to ?
brhl killed it imho. he showed that you don't need a fancy suit or powers to be a villain.
he was amazing. focused, determined, cunning and cold yet somehow sympathetic. an ideal villain.
trump did not allow editorial presence on his photo-op tour - just cameras. thus: tv nets won't distribute or use it
joseph goebbels' disciples say what...?
i will never stop writing my responses! i no longer have to text again!
same, it's like a new toy!!
you the man! just need it gluten-free though!
yeah...about that gluten free pizza. that's unholy in ny
very cool piece nichlas - thanks for sharing!
thanks!! very cool app
i will be in la
i'm gonna be in la-adjacent places oct 4-5
actually, indian weddings are serious affairs with lots of singing, dancing, laughing &amp; crying. weird but true, lol
my friend's daughter's wedding went on for days and cost a fortune, pics looked amazing. wish i could have gone
once again disappointed in the . one step closer to switching my subscription to the
the post has been killing it lately
.: over the course of the last two days, this ocean conference has committed over $5.3 billion in initiatives.
out of whose pocket?
new south park ep revisits "giant douche v turd sandwich" for this election &amp; i thought "only 2 rich white dudes could think like that."
and before south park stans go off, yes i have a sense of humor, yes the ep was funny, no i don't care they "take on both sides," fuck off.
calling all detectives!
yes! my young friend texted me in horror thinking i'd been attacked!
yes just be careful because they act like they know you or ur friend suggested you for a job. especially the ones from the bronx
lmao wtffff that's wild i'm gonna send the email to spam
happy birthday o
thank you fam!
come live on the beach with me one day?
ummm sure i'll live on the beach with you i guess
the devil is a full-timer
that's kind of sad
honestly couldn't be marriott by club sport in fremont , seen peyton manning and tony romo over there when they came into town
bruh that'll be too dope if they stayed here in fremont
we are doing sub/clan matches today! so if you're a sub and not in the clan yet come to discord or whisper whsky! we chilling in discord!
if i'm awake i'll stop in. these 10 hour work shifts are killer
i don't believe it does "say she did not want sex". where did u see that?
issue here is blog, stating: "whether doe consented is a factual question for the jury to decide".
like seriously
beyonc is not my faveeee
"a bossy woman is someone who cares and commits and is a natural leader." happy birthday, boss.
i like that definition!
u gay af, charge him extra if u comin in underwear tho
i'll make sure the whip is shinny too. oh most def. bruh gotta buy me dinner
i am not. what is that?
ah i understand now. no i'm not there. was supposed to be but hand to cancel. crazy schedule!
best of luck to &amp; sean who are getting married in dungiven today - hope you have a fantastic day and the rain stays away!
waiting patiently for pics!!!!
thanks for the
god bless felix
what happened to paul vilerreal?
dunno. haven't seen anything of him in quite awhile in lin tweets. hope he's okay. any of you guys know?
hung out w/ a friend who's still using a 3gs on the regular. me: "which apps can't you use?" him: "all of them."
how do you two even communicate?!? does the 3gs support imessage?
as gross as trump is, the dem's moralizing &amp; name-calling (against voters) is really beginning to grate on my nerves.
it also plays right into the gop narrative. "condescending liberals" etc. etc. bad no matter which way you cut it.
just as a reminder when you're going out to a bar, you always want a cinnamon sugar rimjob with your pumpkin beer
and we all know you know about rimjobs kappa
sorry for being an annoying prick everyone
apology not accepted unfollowed &amp; blocked.
that still puts you outside the nexus of the broader exchange economy.
do you agree with this?
i just want a girl best friend that i could talk to and we'll cook together haha.
hey i'm still here just one dm away
heard he's from your country. did you know him?
he was a couple of classes ahead of me in school.
rt this into oblivion if i'm wrong
there's no outlandish consequence attached to your confidence of future events here.
fuck hillary, fuck and especially fuck you now what troll?
"fuck hillary fuck and especially fuck you" the ones who the loudest make the best
okuyasu crushing on somebody .. clammy hands and alot of sweat .. a bouquet of flowers ripped from the nearest public park
he would be very messy and day dreamy, this is so cute i'm melting!!
issue here is blog, stating: "whether doe consented is a factual question for the jury to decide".
but factual questions "require fact-based answers. there is only one correct answer,....."
my one and only
are you seeing him on tuesday
lost count of the # of appropriations involved in wearing this shirt
hahaha, i couldn't resist the comma placement. sorry for calling u a daddy, i understand.
one thing about being out here in the states lol
haha forreal thanks to connections
this is a travesty. apts! no parking! young professionals in our$2.5m median home price suburb!
can't be a real editorial, there was not a single mention of how it would destroy neighborhood character
ouch..."nobody cares!"...but without me rambling i don't think there would be a podcast. yet another paradox.
all that stuff needs to be at the beginning because otherwise we'd never hear it because we're all sleeping.
" is the best cb in this league. that's how you support your teammate." -
you disrespect my flag, my constitution says no more nfl ever again. shame on you dirtbags for dis honoring veterans and war dead!
thank you spacebrah
of course sir cozmos. looking forward to hearing more. big fan.
a&amp;b get drunk. person a idly says something about me to b. b misinterprets &amp; decides to "intervene" by messaging me the misunderstanding.
you've got the plot of a afternoon play right there!
i just want to welcome my new baby sister into this world
can't get enough
you will! once they get discharged home i'll arrange something lol
yay ok let me know
think i might upgrade to the (matte) black instead of the jet black iphone 7. jet black is backordered til november &amp; might not be worth it
i gave in and preordered the 7+ matte yesterday. some reports that the 2-3 week shipping estimate might be conservative.
do you agree with this?
it's sort of obviously/trivially true but ideologically loaded
thanks for rt but it's at the plymouth meeting mall :)
oh my goodness, thank you so much for the correction! 9/17
uptight victorian influence
was your marriage arranged!
it did enough of a job for now. i'm gonna have to take the p-trap out to get whatever is in the drainpipe cleared out but...
sounds like an adventure.
. preps for storm of criticism from supporters for unfairly taking his words at face value...
you fellows are a us elite preaching to an elite in . is sum of flawed us policy
santa cruz tomorrow
no more tickets?
lol i'm right there with you. just been playing elimination all day xd
yea, just doing dailies, and not turning them in until tuesday lol. cheese leveling ftw
thank you to the apple store employees around the world who make days like today magical!
new store in emeryville is beautiful and the reservation system today was as smooth as butter. thanks, y'all.
you're talented
lmao ah the funniest bro i swear
really you all should come to ohio
cometo is a river there right?
stop what you're doing. this is important.
glenn, i am a different person for what i just watched. i don't know how to move on from this moment. thank you.
come and interview me..see my videos, experience my frustration. take my walk
.:if these canthelp ;no
that doesn't say much.. lol
that's the joke
glad to meet you too! never in my wildest dreams i would meet great globally in one place!
i know!! such a wonderful experience
but factual questions "require fact-based answers. there is only one correct answer,....."
"... which can be verified by referring to the text..."
i should've prefaced that with "question for my fellow "
it's driving me crazy that i can't remember this
actually , it looks like a cup of tea that hasn't been touched at all during the meal.
only jeremy lin could stir up an internet frenzy on what tea or soup he is or is not eating. such is his popularity
, your ice cream queen
do you notice every friday?
ok so far so good, come on no delays tonight!
lol it's still early
how is he the "lesser"? are they even paying attention?
because they are white dudes and she is a woman rising above her station.
hardly, she's very manageable.
where do we find prices? it's way easier to get permits for long rifles where i live, than handguns.
*wipes tears* thank u
seriously that really bites. hope you see big tips soon
undocumented nc students hold rally calling for scholarship eligibility
and a free car and house
ryan if you knew how much history was in these two twitter handles...
back when you had to use a typewriter to tweet right?
or like snot coming out of the nose
that, definitely lol
i heard farmer's almanac had both and levels at an all time high this winter
i don't have the almanac in front of me but off the top of my head i believe you are correct
x aftermath ontherocks happy hour today @ bleachers sports bar
. pulled up with the goodies for
i got my apple watch today. now i check the time 3 times whenever i have a nervous tick
does time change in the apple watch?
just whisky tasting with friends. didn't last long though. i've been up since 5 am and i'm beat.
yes i saw that this morning. fun keeping up with friends thru the time zones
why you messy!!
rah nigga* be at those qotr events i be at. she's a bum with nothing to do and doesn't deserve a birthday.
you need a martial artist to star in your new movie.
the only true answer in 2016 end of poll
even ticketmaster had two different charts.. one with 4 sections and one with 6.
we have 4 sections (a-d). if you bought tix for row 3, you will be in row 3 for the section your purchased, see you 2nite!
crimson dynamo is basically russian war machine, right?
yeah but with more variety of armor
. joined by medal of honor recipients and veterans on at the new trump hotel
isn't it funny that don the con or his sons ever served our country in the military?
i hate this review lmfaooo
u kinda look like white girl irl maybe she's born w it maybe she's bundled
what, phoenix?
i dno. work. random counties. flying into ont and out lax
i've spent half this friday watching cnn panels for a class on politics and all it's taught me is that has no morality.
seriously she's one of the most racist idiotic trump supporters i've ever seen. and that's a very high bar.
because they are white dudes and she is a woman rising above her station.
and i mean supporters in general (not specifically speaking about sp creators). sorry if i was unclear!
all this. and better yet, he won. he did exactly what he set out to do and the mcu won't be the same
it was a brilliant plan.
can i get an autograph?
if she has the time
i beat it! this is awesome!
woah thank you!!! :d and that's quite the accomplishment
dean lindblom &amp; nancy brown, dean of ed at suny-ow, start a discussion on school-college partnerships
nice action shot!
to my other twitter followers. this is not a political twitter. but a logical twitter about facts. and sanity. and sports. sports is great
*sports are great. dammit. this is not a grammar twitter.
i like asking people "how's life?" when i first see them. leaves it up to you how you want to answer-be it business or personal.
i feel like, especially in the us, that question is more answered with a simple "great" rather than something interesting.
"... which can be verified by referring to the text..."
jury can conclude as to whether she consented, but their decision does not constitute fact.
hardly, she's very manageable.
odd,i know. i used to shoot a 30.06 as my favorite rifle,but i'd definitely be rusty.
but i won't lie that i think about the track too. the car is ~2050lbs with driver rn
you could kill it in karting. what i'd do to lose 30 lbs for karting. what am i talking about? it's easier to add power.
pretty sure it is, but what do i know?
area man takes issue with hyperbole
flattered! awillfuckurphone narcos faces law &amp;; order: svu in the battle of the crime-fighting crushes
that's not even a competition!
everytime i sit next to a friend in class they say "sup fam" and it makes me wanna punch myself that people actually talk like this
that's college lingo. learn it
i like asking people "how's life?" when i first see them. leaves it up to you how you want to answer-be it business or personal.
but maybe that's just because i've seen this happen with "how are you?" so often over here.
notice how didn't drink the tea and it's full? i often would leave hot tea sitting until it's cooled, then drink it.
crazy how lin fans care what he consumes at meals.
they used to at least ask how my day is going, but now it's just straight to work. love it.
all mine said tonight was, "nice color. blue." heaven.
it's not too hard for me to visit the ohio state university.
i thought we don't use definite articles with products like ipad pro?
any other "famous" people i have met will mean nothing to you
that's okay chicky it's still bragging rights!! buahaha
altimeter gps - altitude &amp; map elevation for travel with compass, location tracking and widget by andrea piani.
this app is a little cluttered, but it's free (ad supported) &amp; shows altimeter from gps + the barometer (kpa).
we're going to agree to disagree on this premise.
it's still bad ?
you damn near killed the whole thing
yeah! but throughout a span of like 5 days lol i was trying hard to reach the bottom at one point
wow! i didn't know. now i feel bad for laughing.
and you forgot to cash your paycheck
it's a busy weekend let whisk you off to &amp; much more
bring a weapon for yr own safety, cops won't do a thing.
rah nigga* be at those qotr events i be at. she's a bum with nothing to do and doesn't deserve a birthday.
rah nigga* ain't put in no work in female rap... she's only a "vet" by default because she's old as fuck. she's not even legend.
yeah but with more variety of armor
got a few more here
wow okay zechariah
bdjdjd it's my job.
shhhhhhhh don't you have a new iphone to play with?
it comes monday haha
last day in la for a few days.
i want to see you before tou leave
love what democracy earth is doing - i'm actually traveling to buenos aires next week and am interested in learning more...
i live in san francisco, but feel free to reach there.
this new phone is like buttah
it's worth the hype?
hoaxing media now colludes openly. that's how much they despise us. we will win!
they are so self-important aren't they? we don't even believe what they say anymore - they have become irrelevant.
need to buy my chief keef tickets pa andar bien motiado
hijo its fucking lit
watch: barack obama admits he was born in kenya..
ted cruz was born in canada. both men had mothers that were u.s. citizens, making them natural born citizens. thanks for playing.
jury can conclude as to whether she consented, but their decision does not constitute fact.
"this type of question must have a verifiable answer in order to be considered factual."
michael. i'm sure you meant to write words to me but this message is just a bunch of pictures.
hbd empress of letters!
"yea bro i use to talk to her"
lol so fucking relatable
you're gonna be wearing all white on the dance floor so be careful guys, we don't want any superbad accidents
noooooooo lololol
okinawa governor loses battle in air station futenma relocation, but vows to appeal
okinawa does not belong to the usmc. president obama, close those bases..
.1) $10mm to the charity of your choice if you let me interview you for 4 hrs on your policies and their substance.
the charity of his choice is
i swear to jeebus some dude just unmatched me on tinder because i mentioned i do crossfit i don't know why, but i'm stunned
i swipe left when i see a crossfire picture. don't know why. just do.
at rally this woman is wearing a "women for trump" sign and holding a framed pic of rudy giuliani.
always good to see trump's plants get reserved seating.
seriously she's one of the most racist idiotic trump supporters i've ever seen. and that's a very high bar.
i would give anything just to see her fact checked on live tv so she can't filibuster for that racist expired cheeto.
i'm sorry, who's on the call?
is that ned?
if i did my math right i can only spend $16 a day without using up all my meal plan money
it's been one full week and i've already spent at least $200
this is a travesty. apts! no parking! young professionals in our$2.5m median home price suburb!
i've never spent more than 5 min looking for parking there. is that what "severely underparked" means?
u guys know each other?!
we go way back!!! was it comm class?! or just being around haha i can't even remember!
never. clinton foundation killed black people in haiti. she is a racist,sexist, xenophobic bully!
i highly doubt that. i'm still waiting for to share his tax returns. what's he hiding hmm?
rah nigga* ain't put in no work in female rap... she's only a "vet" by default because she's old as fuck. she's not even legend.
i hate those old rap bitches that got like 2 songs that went gold and nobody knows the rest of their discography, yet they got an opinion.
hanging on my roof with my boy
so cool..!! he is so cute!!!
perhaps eight smaller boxes. tho i like transcending attachment to material objects.
i did 9 smaller ones! yeah most of the books i kept were the unread, art/rare print, or insanely sentimental
why it's a great idea to run your idea by a trusted product manager, via . +1 for a+ gifs!
hilarious! i felt as though the gifs were highly necessary...
but they're cute, ya?
too much going on. i'd go with a classic adidas superstar in that color instead
you're making my point for me. why would they shoot to be something already smaller? fb is $366b
oh, i see your point. i don't believe they can be a worse fb, and trying that is folly. there's still a huge business(es).
did you have same analysis for vote?
similar situation. the silent yes to trump/no to clinton is underestimated. she is having to fight hard
i'm not the one using their bravery for political manipulation. you book a room in his hotel yet?
youve got to be kidding me w/that grotesque level of hypocrisy.*manipulate*a 24/7 propaganda monopoly??
what colour
the pink ones
is this real?
pre- preseason analytics has no basis.
. . . and there's a scene in a generically alt dance club, because of course there is!
i'm assuming the "gibson" computer is in reference to william?
you're welcome to dm us here so we can look into what was said. *pavitas
i have no idea what they said thats the problem! now i have to wait 20 min in line when i call you to find out..great service:(
rip our electorate
it's a indication our education system needs some serious work. also, stupid people.
should i be a can of la croix for halloween and just call it a day
not unless you want white boys everywhere salivating over u
my driver started my trip (and charging me) just now. stilllll waiting at my house for him to show up tho
just wait till they drop you off, and don't stop the ride.
u guys know each other?!
i know everyone... you should know this
&amp; you refuse to realize benghazi was a systemic failure &amp; she was not president. want another 8 investigations?
she wasn't pres, but she was sos which is just as bad. there's still emails that haven't been released. ask wikileaks
if you're the person in a loud airport can you mute please?
hey if i disconnect it's be...
you can already sort by logger:csp, this is different?
oh fair, logger is kind of arbitrary though
i kinda figured that. but yeah, there's no way you can hear someone say "build a wall" and be like, "he's not that bad"
. i also wonder how someone can hear that and say "gee i should have him on my talk show and tussle his hair! haha!"
the ceo of boston robotics explains each robot in their fleet
and somewhere at this very moment, is thinking about having a kid in the near future
anyone up for a 90's dance party in the city tomorrow night? ?
reason that i should move to the dc area...
fuck hillary, fuck and especially fuck you now what troll?
! thank you . the don't realize ain't gone stop that
i just chose ramen noodles over attending an usher album release party on a yacht
you're gonna do big things in life molly.
this app is a little cluttered, but it's free (ad supported) &amp; shows altimeter from gps + the barometer (kpa).
the iphone 6 came with a bosch bmp280, which is highly accurate.
i remember how in avengers: earth's mightiest heroes, some idiot decided to incarcerate him in a fully-armed power suit.
god dammit guys, but yeah, russia &amp; china have a major tendency towards armored heroes in comics
trump can control costs on wasteful programs to afford it!
god bless america
when is he on? is there live footage?
thankfully no live footage of me sweating profusely. it was hot in there!
(if the cubs make it to the world series, i'll be in chicago for it)
have fun in chicago in 2038!
what's everyone up to this fine weekend?
we look like dope ass cousins that do cool things
...i am not sure if i need to call a doctor because people have been telling me that i'm "just being dramatic" my whole life...
...the fact that i am in this much pain and i am this uncomfortable and i'm afraid to call a doctor for fear of it "not being serious...
if a man brings flowers to a woman it's romantic if a woman brings flowers to a man it's his funeral
you. are. wrong. but funny.
not telling the truth is more deplorable than telling it..donny, is a draft dodger and a coward..
do you truly mean to insult my intelligence by suggesting msm outlets don't manipulate audiences 24/7 in favor of hrc??
looks great! i envy you the gleaming floorboards...
my mother came over and mopped everything what would i do without her
xuly.bt s/s17 backstage w/ |
she's the hottie, i'm the nottie
you love bolsheviks? you hate free speech? want to send us to the gulag?
that would be ur hero. fascist is as fascist does, eg bullying media who criticize him. textbook fascist
then 100% go as la croix pampy
sorry, pampy la croix. i'm not in the loop.
the nbc stuff was a pain to use, and then a real sports salad when you got there.
agree that twitter made it easy, which made watching commercials once i got there a small price to pay.
...and the sofa pricetag perseveres
lmaoooo i keep forgetting to cut it off
and they dont even taste like cheetos
do they taste just like chicken fries?
need tea to cut the grease of dim sum. you ever see the bus boy use it to wash the grease off the table?
no i haven't. long ago went to la chinatown for dim sum breakfast, line around block. never ate dim sum ...
what store are you shopping at?
it was andronico's in sf. using the note to the shopper feature and attaching a picture worked like a charm though!
please give us a chance to turn it around! reach out via dm so we can take care of you. *ericac
no way, already wasted too much time today while dealing with tmobile agents
i'm not the one using their bravery for political manipulation. you book a room in his hotel yet?
surely,you are not that intentionally blind.
i mean, not that this is ever actually going to happen. but theoretically.
yacht gets 300k visitors a year, in top 10 of scotland's paid attractions. the trust employs 150 staff.
i'm in an uber, my signal might not be great
can you send me the attachments for this? i can't see the deck you're sharing.
remember when this happened and not a single soul questioned it or gave a single shit?!?
yes, i do. hey victor garber, please appear on power again.
it's part of a project through the gallery and curated by the director of the space. theme of global citizenship.
when does it get started? maybe i can come visit one last time before heading south
the fuck you can't you sure can
also ps i'm not 21
is living my dream being in new york right now
te mando besos de la manzana grande wish you were here to experience this with me!
i don't know much about the angry white chechen muslims. i'll take your word for it.
typical trump supporter. head up ass. deflection &amp; denial
me either
is that green thing called luke skywalker???
i saw them at world market
the closest one to me is nyc. sooo 3 hours. fmlllllllll
nice! look at new jacket! ht
thank u for my singing hbd gift &amp; jame got a pr 4u too!!
when your blind fanboyism is called out &amp; exposed, resort to pointing out grammer errors on twitter
yep lonely anime boy exposed, he has no answers , just a fraud
the entire summer/fall -- that is amazing! ever make it out to the brant lake area?
they closest we get to brant lake is north creek. we stay mainly in the central adk's.
the day before my family reunion i would get a bite in the middle of my forehead..
literally hate me rn
after the pneumonia passes, clinton is one public cough away from retirement.
even that is if everything goes well for her.
need tea to cut the grease of dim sum. you ever see the bus boy use it to wash the grease off the table?
servers wore difft colored uniforms to signify what dim sum they were wheeling on their carts. (more)
"this type of question must have a verifiable answer in order to be considered factual."
there is no way to verify whether she consented or not.
are you happy with that?
bet he's happy but not satisfied.
the nbc stuff was a pain to use, and then a real sports salad when you got there.
and i bet we see that twitter total viewers number double by end of season.
i love this so much can i hire you? i suck at these things
omg the whole process was painful this morning through the afternoon. i'd rather not but thanks!!!
no worries he's got hrc on monday. u going 2 complain about her? the obamas are on every show they can, no complaints ??
no they're not demagogues and bigots who for example said pres wasn't born in u.s. don't get it, do you?
yacht gets 300k visitors a year, in top 10 of scotland's paid attractions. the trust employs 150 staff.
would be interesting to know if possibility of disposing of/handing back their main asset was written specifically into their constitution.
my opinions have been hardened in the kiln of experience.
rendering you fired up and ready to go.
...the fact that i am in this much pain and i am this uncomfortable and i'm afraid to call a doctor for fear of it "not being serious...
...enough" is really bewildering. and i don't get on my feminist high horse a lot but i have to wonder if this would ever happen to a man...
the attachment should be in the invite can you expand it in outlook?
does that work in owa?
haha no im not. im in san diego
you fucker haha is taylor still here in sf?
it's an anti-communist propaganda thing, isn't it
i mean i think they're pretty cool-
silver surfer in the flesh! french montana confirms max b is getting out of prison early.
it's friday night. assemble your squad, and get loopy.
boston: old or new, your car may be ripe for hacking,
we need evidence for michiko rolek her ph and car may be hacked.
she only cares for her own race.
not true bonehead. i'm white
hillary sees hispanics and african americas as votes and and votes only so she can get more power
trust me i or my church will ever vote 4 a racist like trump. shame on him!
why are they out?
defense didn't want him to testify that the grass meant the car had been driven off-road. he didn't talk about that in front of jury
eating alone at bk. my life is ok
i ate at banana king alone today i felt pretty good
interesting solution
tbh eating it does sound like a good idea
the only way to see his rallies with out interruption
love watching , in fact i donated to them today!
the iphone 6 came with a bosch bmp280, which is highly accurate.
other things you can do with a 2mm x 2.5mm x 0.95mm barometric sensor include enhancing indoor &amp; outdoor navigation.
jimmy fallon, colbert, etc; y'all are out here making jokes about trump's hair &amp; ppl are out here worried about being rounded up. fuck. you.
the disconnect between liberal hollywood and the america it claims to support has never been more evident.
there is no way to verify whether she consented or not.
the text messages, and the involved parties, seem to be the primary verifiable facts of the case.
need tea to cut the grease of dim sum. you ever see the bus boy use it to wash the grease off the table?
...they charged you by number of empty dim sum little bowls you had on your table. great stuff. love dim sum
how old, what grade? former edu from ny and in mi
he's an adult. 26. he's attending boces. he feels like he's not retaining information
...enough" is really bewildering. and i don't get on my feminist high horse a lot but i have to wonder if this would ever happen to a man...
...because surely if a man in his early twenties had to stop and catch his breath twice while washing his hair, people would encourage...
so his show should only give airtime to one of the two major-party nominees? lots of repubs hate dems.
yes because other one is racist and bigot, wake up
how does squirrel handle that situation on windows? worried it might get confused when doing a delta update across archs
whenever delta updates fail for any reason we retry with full
i'm not the one using their bravery for political manipulation. you book a room in his hotel yet?
the only way to get reality&amp;valuable data to ppl who watch msm is to fight msm pwrs-just as ppl countered goebbels' lies
when your blind fanboyism is called out &amp; exposed, resort to pointing out grammer errors on twitter
why does this moron follow me ? lol , kevin you are a fraud
yes i love them
that seems to be the consensus, think i'm gonna pick up a pair
the president never put forward a real plan to fix the , and our veterans are paying the price.
you will go down in history as one of the silent who stood by and did nothing as america fell
the disconnect between liberal hollywood and the america it claims to support has never been more evident.
whether it's pratt speaking out against football players protesting or fallon tussling trump's hair, it's like what happened to you?
it's been on my list. haven't got there yet. have you read scrambles amongst the alps yet?
definately on my list, old whymper!
there is no right thing.
"right thing" is basic self-employment skills &gt; any target market at all &gt; evergreen biz problem in that target
trump is the most hated general election candidate on record. i think the negative coverage has had an effect.
if anything, all the critical coverage has opposite effect: reinforces his army's loyalty and increases distrust of media
...because surely if a man in his early twenties had to stop and catch his breath twice while washing his hair, people would encourage...
...him to see a doctor. and i'm laying in bed, twenty minutes later, wondering if i'm just being dramatic. so that's fucked up.
which one of these young coaches would you choose to jump start your program??
mike white easily
i'm not the one using their bravery for political manipulation. you book a room in his hotel yet?
ppl like you wish to keep the population stupid,servile and under-informed.no more.
is now best closer as she forced to finally admit born in the usa.
is tom cruise.....did you order the code red? trump, you damn right i did......
which one of these young coaches would you choose to jump start your program??
just watch what he does this year
how does squirrel handle that situation on windows? worried it might get confused when doing a delta update across archs
checksums won't match across arches so it'll just bail, never try to install delta
there is no right thing.
so "right thing" depends on where you are in your biz. agree that there's no one "right thing" :)
great reporting - thanks alice.
thank you, appreciate it.
they don't matter to me, that's why i tweeted the tweet.
like at all ?
call the nspca, because these swans are sick
hey that's my t-shirt
they can certainly try to put you on standby list for the next flight. please check with a supervisor.
i spent half an hour trying to understand why i would be charged over $2000. i wasn't given any other option.
have u ever seen a cuter girl ?
not as cute as you
i agree, but do those potential options validate the amount that's been invested in twitter? i don't actually know
i don't ether, but by looking at some potential competitors, they likely can do worse than the $13b they're worth now.
the ceo of boston robotics explains each robot in their fleet
and somewhere at this very moment, is about to give birth to a baby boy
cool buuuuut why no quick access to turning your personal hotspot on/off?!?
it's like the quick settings bottom menu that's always one swipe away, but less functional!
the guy next to you was really pumped.
it's like if hops were a person
i don't think she understands i'm making fun of her.
a home owner too! why not take out some equity and buy a parking spot.
good idea they are really comfortable
good to know
media deserves bullying hitler speeches are studied by many historians,including me
you &amp; trump both. the big lie is 's playbook.
so sorry your experience wasn't the best-- i want to make sure you're taken care of as soon as possible. shoot... 1/2
how could you help in this case? give me an idea so i dont waste more time with you
antonio brown fined: (via )
good shouldn't be dancing like a stripper...lol
would be interesting to know if possibility of disposing of/handing back their main asset was written specifically into their constitution.
4.5/5 on tripadvisor btw. here's a visitor pic of a child pretending to drink a pint at the on-board 'verge inn'.
ok i came on twitter just to say, all i've been seeing on my instagram feed is "i just wanna leave" "i hate this fandom" "hunter hates me"
wait what i'm so confused
awww the berserk arc is done till next spring
that's on my list
with a splash of jack
alcoholic. i was thinking regular but that works too
whether it's pratt speaking out against football players protesting or fallon tussling trump's hair, it's like what happened to you?
john lennon's kid is attacking women for calling him a "mansplainer," writers are whining about cultural appropriation. wtf is going on?
media deserves bullying hitler speeches are studied by many historians,including me
having a micropenis really messed adolf up. talk about overcompensation. study that.
ah, i had to go and pay 2x the cost of the iphone for auto repairs so couldn't charge. been an expensive weekend. still friday
you know what you deserve on this friday?
emphasis on the importance of picking the *good enough* niche. i'm totally a proponent of specializing, but
80% of generalists could pick 10 niches, write them on a dartboard, throw a dart blindfolded and be better off
apparently yelling "don't take that shit" is frowned upon at middle school soccer games
apparently you're not in the south
california man pleads guilty in 2013 shooting spree at los angeles international airport and admits to first-degr...
family targeted by car hackers for real estate vendetta. org crime.
until what time today can we pick up our badges for and / or at what time does it start on sunday?
afaik registration will start tomorrow.
omg is still harping on hillary's health. then they wonder why trump is catching up despite being a revolting bigot.
the news media is intellectually bankrupt. they play the violin while rome burns
any florida fans still watch florida basketball?
of course i do!!
time. read this and you could win a code for on xbox one. good luck.
tnk8 bot which is reportedly missing
(when they take the picture two seconds too early)
i wish i had one of these! they only send us one at a time (which is one more than they need to!)
.: to boost a sagging hillary, obama brags about the sagging economy
ha ha ha you folk better check those "sagging" numbers one more time!
hey! i also posted a nice posed shot with you and chancellor zimpher. not my fault if you won't stop talking for a good pic :)
no, that's what i look like! i can take it.
guys, you might find this helpful.
pre-ordered! thx for the link km.
pretty much sd she's got complete authority to trash every fan fave &amp; 'ship on get ready!
i was really hoping for writers that actually cared about the fans. i won't watch a show that doesn't listen.
meh, sorry to hear that...
my mom will somehow watch the return of superman though! i think cause of the adorable kids and babies~
nope. 7 days was the deal i made with myself. 7 days are over. i also only did it to lose weight. weight lost. the end
wait, is this how you do it? because i drink a lot. but also i'm really fat. i suspect because i drink a lot.
. i really want this thread to just keep going and going... get it all out of the system...
"okay, guys, let's take a step back and look at the big picture."
"the single most harmful aspect to youth sports is rampant negativity." -
i love seeing this picture in this article. i hope usau &amp; pca continue collaborating.
lol my bad it's wave day?
lol not even just let good news be good news...we don't have to question it
oh, how i love your anodized luggage! but those super tight handles = broken nails :-(
hi sally, happy friday! we're sorry to hear that! we'd love to hear what happened. help.com thanks!
thanks for such a sweet mention!
you're very welcome!!!!
happiness is finding a blue check next to your name on twitter!!
loving this entire tweet you deserve the recognition
people gotta stop this gay shit with and i. it's gross lol. why can't we just be 2 bffs that's close?
hey ladies. my wife and i have family time watching the show. beautiful black sisters. that's all.
it's been on my list. haven't got there yet. have you read scrambles amongst the alps yet?
i think i'm even more interested in his ecuador writings.
ticket&gt; purchased&gt; this is going to be amazeballs
yaasssss is the best!
. it always makes my flights &amp; family/friends' flights to mco delayed. very irritating.
if i had a dollar for every time my jetblue flight was delayed, i'd have round trip airfare easily covered
maybe i should dabble now that its gon be washed season
lol yeah exactly, got mine in the winter when it was 100% stay in the crib dolo i f you ain't got no bae type weather
awe shucks thank you
you're so very welcome
where you going ?
169, ima be in 24 area
i absolutely hate having to eat by myself
you hate doing anything by yourself. being alone isn't in your nature
when crush asks you to do something to them..
do, for, around, anything..
omg. it's currently storming and the thunder is vibrating the house.
i love those kind of storms
what about the upside down smiley face though
that's always acceptable
ope, we're suffering o! it's like inflation will hit 20% by ye. let's hope fx rates don't hit n1000/$ too. lol!!
if i bring dollars to naij. i go just become big boy
my mom will somehow watch the return of superman though! i think cause of the adorable kids and babies~
maybe that's a way to help warm your mother up to the korean/foreign television idea..
issue here is blog, stating: "whether doe consented is a factual question for the jury to decide".
later in same paragraph, writes: "even if doe did not subjectively consent to intercourse w/ rose"
i'm baffled you picked mike white.
i've spoken to him on the phone before
the president never put forward a real plan to fix the , and our veterans are paying the price.
just put all vets on the federal employees' government health insurance plan and close va medical facilities.
my friends call me carmen sandiego because i travel a lot and i'm always stealing jewels.
they sound awful.
still waiting on the ups man for my damn phone
mines been out for delivery since 5:18am
4.5/5 on tripadvisor btw. here's a visitor pic of a child pretending to drink a pint at the on-board 'verge inn'.
nothing says britain quite like underage drinking and innuendo
hahaha that is awesome!
it was! it's insane to meet an idol haha
my first thought as well. what if surge pricing only applied above a certain level of income?
i'm not philosophically opposed but in the uber era i suspect it would drive the middle class away from transit
dutch pilot shockingly unharmed after crash landing into a potato field
did they turn into _mashed_ potatoes &amp; cushion the landing? doh!
. i really want this thread to just keep going and going... get it all out of the system...
"look, you're my big brother, but..."
i don't drink though.just eat like a !saw the gym,but it was in passing to go to school.
i haven't been to the gym in 3 months! everyday i say i'm going today and never do
it's worth the journey. 1/4 of my furniture is from there
i always see people post their halloween stuff and i die a little on the inside. i die a lot actually
it's because asians are raised on soup and noodle soup. people are in shock lin hates hot liquids.
i've learned that last two days. but lin is aa and also loves american food like burgers.
u know i peeped, and u know i'm hype lol
lmfao facts
thank u so much ronnie!!!! by the way you can also check out dog house podcasts at
thats cool...but, it'll never be the same as it was. the challenges, the clubs and concerts? good times!.
this is a really challenging counting problem from the 2013 amc 10a.
please please tell me its 720. i'm losing my mind.
food poisoning sucks! was it the salmon mousse?
hey! what do you know about salmon mousse? it was actually roasted chicken that was obviously not fully roasted
my god this is beyond parody at this point.
why are millennials the boogie men for any slight variation in data? i say we start blaming aging baby boomers.
i'm loving all the butt hurt liberals haha
i'm sure you are.
did have issues in school?
he struggled. he had an iep. he's really smart. he's add
which one you usually go to?
my local one dawood, it's on state street downtown brooklyn, khutba is mainly done in arabic and sometimes translated in english
that's a good one...
that bug has been there since beta1 :p
move your cursor around by force touching your keyboard. force touch system prefs to turn things on/off quickly.
the system preferences one is awesome!
hence, supposedly.
fwiw, i get the point you were making about hypocrisy of trump villifying hillary and congratulating self for same (supposed) thing
john lennon's kid is attacking women for calling him a "mansplainer," writers are whining about cultural appropriation. wtf is going on?
de niro and jim carrey and are out here spreading lies about vaccines, put kids in danger. no fucks given about ppl they claim to "care" for
mel gibson is expecting his ninth child -- his first with girlfriend rosalind ross
what would jesus say?
why do people keep thinking this? i want egg, bacon, sausage, and hot sauce.
on pizza dough???? that's interesting right there.
tamera finally unfollowed tamar .
that leaves only adrienne now. they need to be besties again
mother fucking cbs....i had no intention of watching tonight. fuck me, they win again. cuz....
his segment doesn't air until finale night on 9/21
we're so happy to hear this! let us know if you need anything. we're here to help!
will do, keep up the good work y'all!
this is not the tween/millennial content. unsubscribe.
all of my content is millennial content oleg
if i had a dollar for every time my jetblue flight was delayed, i'd have round trip airfare easily covered
(i type as i wait for yet another delayed flight)
are you working right now ? are you in the city ? drinks ? lmao
i wish but im almost home i left at work at 5:30!! let me know sooner next time!
trying to think of what will make me feel better the fastest tonight. don't @ me with drug or alcohol jokes they're not funny at all
videos of people getting cochlear implant activated and hearing again!
let's not sell short. she did create a half-dozens jobs at her money-laundering foundation.
how right you are
shout out to for the shirt :d i will make a video about later today!
make them public
porting a number from att to verizon could not have been easier. under 30 min total process without having to talk to a human
i've been thinking about doing this as well. mind if i ask why you made the switch?
later in same paragraph, writes: "even if doe did not subjectively consent to intercourse w/ rose"
so is flat out stating that consent is subjective, i.e. 'subjective consent'.
where to find a backpack for small dog like that? i have looked, everywhere. my shih tzu loves to hike!
you can find the backpack i showed on at website
great 2b back tonight on ! and just as race is tied- its like america's watching dr strangelove and half are rooting for the bomb!
how are we going to make sense of all this *#%*
will do. i'm actually in san francisco right now - would love to connect early next week if possible!
crazy time for me next week. just followed you, lets chat via dm.
going to keep saying it: google photos is an incredible product. i did not tag these photos, these were analyzed:
searched for "horseback" yesterday &amp; got the pic of my son riding. the pic only had the saddle, no horse's head! cc:
what program is he in? rehab services of ny involved? job coach?
it's a computer networking program. i don't know if they have job coaches.
blaming the edit like its 2012 all over againyou said the things you said, girl. acting like you deserve redemption on a platter
just ridiculous same person nothing has changed.
haha! the don't know is a raider fan?!
think it's supposed to be a "train under the same conditions you'll player under" thing. won't work
while at , check out this new piece by on my man robert aldrich. gorgeous stuff:
thanks fern!! (i knew i cited you for a reason.)
hit a patch of sand/rocks and that was it . preciate the look
no doubt man ya life more important than the bike.
seems a stretch to compare circumcision with castration
no comparison even needed. ritual genital mutilation literally is castration.
uh huh. and you don't think consolidation from 40 parties to 4 wasn't part of the problem?
what kind of logic compels you to believe more parties would have stopped fascism? chaos of weimar bred fascism
aleali may is her stylist
really ? feel like if that's the case she should be dressing better
they fake miss him like they missed boosie
facts bro they can't name one track
at rally this woman is wearing a "women for trump" sign and holding a framed pic of rudy giuliani.
a framed picture of rudi giuliani? possibly a suspect from the "to catch a predator" tv show.
so do you have a releases file for each platform? is the code online anywhere?
yeah, code isn't online but it's literally just: updateurl = os.arch() === 'x64' ? 64biturl : 32biturl
gods of egypt is legit good. lots of fun. in the vein of stuff like stargate and the mummy, but better than both.
but does it have richard dean anderson? i didn't think so.
i'm super angry with myself for never thinking of backcombing my limp ass super fine hair before putting it in a bun
like volume is a thing my hair can fool you into thinking it has if i fucking backcombed?!?! i'm too old for this discovery
feel like this accurately sums up my life. last wed at the meetup w
tracy is like now where ya at now where ya at bens like its peanut buddah jellly its peanut buddah jelly
fwiw, i get the point you were making about hypocrisy of trump villifying hillary and congratulating self for same (supposed) thing
knowing the bile these reporters get in mentions, i get why point got lost, but it's fair to note he lacks internal logic.
cle_cavs_nation's photo
you both suck
move the cursor. push hard on the keyboard and use like a trackpad. not fancy, but pretty useful.
yeah, that's pretty awesome!
which apps are you using this approach in?
we use it in the slack app
omg when i come back i need to visit you at work haha!
give me a heads up. i'll see if i can get you in if u like.
seems a stretch to compare circumcision with castration
u cannot part &amp; parcel ritual genital mutilation; it's all the same, whether male or female.
idk i just have certain things i wouldn't want in a man. please do not have served a bid or been in prison. not my type.
even if you do sketchy shit, or illegal shit, be smart enough not to get caught.
he follows so that he can be argumentative with you in the name of defending sony
pathetic , i have the dude on mute, said i was a stalker yet comments on my tweets. pathetic guy lol
donald trump jr. refers to dad as "the blue collar billionaire" during pittsburgh campaign stop - cbs pittsburgh
of course he is!
lmao i'm all the way i'm troy
damn sis lol no ride ?
so when are you buttmonkeys gonna stop taking dictation and ask this moron tough questions? relentlessly.
why? they let obama slide for 8 f'n years.
wait, can we call it this episode ladies first ?!
let's ask !
i didn't not know. this is disqualifying. only dinosaurs can not seen a growing oligarchy
gary johnson would kill medicare
there's a thin line between a nice guy and a creepy sob. when this happens, there's usually more than meets the eye.
the woman who doesn't bother to reply may have her reasons not to. we don't know about the past this "nice guy" is so fondly bringing up.
john lennon's kid is attacking women for calling him a "mansplainer," writers are whining about cultural appropriation. wtf is going on?
what sickens me the most is for decades republicans mocked liberal hollywood as elitist self-preserving propagandists. they were right.
on behalf of twitter, i demand apologize for starting the movement in 2008
on behalf of your ignorance she didn't start it. get a brain
i'm hoping it will get better with age. twenties are a difficult time of "discovering self", it was for me.
the 20s were definitely a rough time for me. had a lot of heartbreaking events
consenting to one man, is not consent to a whole group of men. please, learn the difference.
but who says she *didn't* consent to the other two men in the group?
i watched it again. man alive that was an easy grounder. cubs wld have lost to the det. they wld have won more than 1 though
sharper hit ball than buckner's. the bull came up anticipating a hop. tigers 4-2.
the uk is cool, so many different things to do. don't have downtime, work and kids and then sleep!!
i understand. my daughter is a teen now.i really want me and her to take a long trip2 the uk. the u.s. has changed :'(
rudy trashing clinton in miami: 'the other day, she had pneumonia, she walked up to a little girl &amp; kissed her.'
what a despicable old man.
i've been called that by numerous people in every prez electn. in which i've voted. crying wolf really does kill legitimacy.2/2
you seem to be naive to the threat of trump. or, worse, excuse it away. as such, i could care less abt my credibility
neither blind nor deaf..
people are tired of being used and lied to.in many cases,it's as simple as that
omg when i come back i need to visit you at work haha!
wait! you're famous. you don't need me!! lol
thanks to day!
if u remove paulie from the equation everybody would be getting along, as bad as he is he, his villainism is top notch
look like he got caught between vesey dekeing and the goalie/post and lost balance. not sure.
net was off when entered the zone. broke his ankles
tickets for hudson horror show xiv: december to dismember go on sale tonight at 8pm on...
you getting tickets for theater 1?
who was the ranger who fell and gave up the puck? i thought vesey but was it day?
it was vesey. day was the defender back that tolchinsky beat on the way to the net
consenting to one man, is not consent to a whole group of men. please, learn the difference.
i know the difference, but i have no reason to think she didn't consent to intercourse w/ all 3.
sick: what obama's pals in turkey just did to bodies of fallen americans
congress need to put forth a bill banning obama from ever entering the united states once he is done. he is the enemy.
hit it on loudspeaker jemima - it's safe, social and renders you virtually inapproachable. al cam
ok tried it. two children started wailing, it caused a mild car accident and a dog went rabid. people really hate it i'm so sorry.
i don't want you to feel frustrated with us. what's going on? how can i help you today? ~ia
preordered iphone 7 plus first thing on 9th. now i'm told we're not getting them until october. sprint customers have now. why?
knowing the bile these reporters get in mentions, i get why point got lost, but it's fair to note he lacks internal logic.
his campaign and supporters basically can't decide whether she's bad for starting it or weak for it not working. it's gobblydegook.
but hillary calls them a bunch of "brain dead buffalo" or did i read the quote wrong....
i have never witnessed a disgusting group of racists falling for hrc pandering like this before
theyre gonna be trash this year
nah they going 15-1
hey gang, season 9 of is now out on enjoy!
we need the christmas episode, please!!
ok jeff &amp; martin , tell me more about the jura event. what, where, when? let me see if schedule is feasible?
the event will be sat 10/15! it's typically about and of the region. cheers!
is it actually easy to add power to a kart?
easier than me losing 30lbs.
legit and not from the bux
ugh how do you expect white people to eat them then
will you be open today (friday)
sorry we are not open on fridays. please see our website for days and hours!
whay a save by halverson
his issue has always been he makes saves he has no business making and flubs the routine. benny save him
whoever buys me 2k17 can be my girlfriend
no one spending 60 on you unless
we'd like to check on some support options for you. send us a dm and we can continue to work from there.
sure thing! thanks!!!
that's not a thing out there?
nah, man. we're all about burritos in california
remember me? it's been a while, heh heh help me get through
making me cry girl.
must go to more concerts
the meadows
anyone try the cheetos chicken fries yet?
been meaning to. need to see if it's better or worse than mac &amp; cheetos...
not true. see tape. she did not kiss little girl. she drew her into a hug.and she was not contagious per her md.
you think the truth matters to their crowd?
have to restart it every time i temporarily lose cell service. i live in nyc. lololol
the fix for this is out!
how long did that take to make
shot it a few times with different things happening. ended up going with this version. about 2 hours. this one was simple.
literally cannot wait for flume next week
omg have fun and take tons of pics and be safe mia!!!
how does a nj transit train affect the lirr?
they store their trains in lic and take up tunnel traffic
i refuse to listen to it because of the cover slime season 3 was fire tho
bro don't let the cover hold you back. it's fire!!!!
investigation finds palestinian youth posed no danger when israeli sniper shot him dead
israeli sniper yells, ""where do you want it?" ..any random youth apparently must be sacrificed for zionist nightmare
yeah im not sure how the hell that even hapoened cause day was already at the blue line lol
day was waiting for him and still got utterly walked lol
i can relate so much to this
and i still gotta go to work lol fml, we'll get through this lol
it's possible to "want sex" &amp; still get raped. in this case, gang raped.
it's possible to "want sex" &amp; "still get raped" by the man whom she wanted to have sex w/?
. corky way before '79 final four. big guns, tony price &amp; willis...recruited by c.daly!
willis played great 4 my last 2 rucker champs. earned tryout w cotton's kings. last cut
if giuliani could never speak again, that would be a great service to everyone.
wish that mofo had a twitter. every time he opens his pie hole people roll their eyes.
is this real????
yes, here is a link to the federal court document
whose playing goalie for prospects
played today so my guess would be that joseph raaymakers gets the start tomorrow
watch: trump ignores reporters' questions after birther statement
wapo's feelings hurt?
why more of this nonsense exist?
the amount of publicity stunts..i can't even
thank you so much
your welcome i saw him in north america
i tried to make a realistic hillary doll but it deleted all my emails, smashed my phone, nd stole my money.
. , similar to my experience. i tried to make a hillary golem, but lost control.
to stop trump, all we really need is media to stop reporting on him, or even mentioning his name, for the next two months. is that so hard.
or call out lies as in djt is lying
preorders/appointments/upgrade program are all great ideas (kudos and co.) but none are well executed
i don't know what store you were in, but at the massive one i was in with hundreds of other people it was
i kinda wanna update my phone but my storage is full. it's always full. smh
iphone? i had the beta for ios10 so idk if it's true pre-ios10 but the phone *temporarily* deletes apps to update.
shhh! i stay lurkin in the streets, with all the cred!
just pbug...on the block...by himself ...
iphone 7 first impressions: -love, love the matte black -home button feels weird -feels small, but i like it (2 year plus user)
home button is aces for me!
with our agreement, boingo customers can roam on time warner networks (ssid is twc). follow/dm if u have more questions. ^art
it just funny you know everywhere in ny you have free wifi but not at the airport
very honored to be giving this opportunity to direct this big project. thank you
good luck i know you'll be great
it's friday night. assemble your squad, and get loopy.
bang these for biggavelli: the 25 best max b songs
lmao look i was like wait what ?! haha
lmaoo yes for the ezoo ticket
i'm assuming the "gibson" computer is in reference to william?
i can't remember the last time i saw this much rollerblading in a film and i grew up in the '90s.
nice. will that cause an immediate update the next time the auto-updater checks for an update?
squirrel handles the fail and retry internally, so from the app dev perspective they called it once and it worked
i *really* wanted to see the jet black at the apple store, but they did not display them. employee told me they removed them overnight.
it feels like the 3gs
trump: "by the way, a lot of african-american employees. a lot of hispanic employees. a lot. they're very happy. they like donald trump."
should we be concerned that mar-a-lago's minority staff may vote for trump in an attempt to keep him further away from them?
herod saw fit however, to place at the main entrance a huge roman eagle, which the pious jews saw as a sacrilege
sacrilege against whom and/or what?
send him selfies fresh out the salon &gt;&gt;
please and thank you!!!
the woman who doesn't bother to reply may have her reasons not to. we don't know about the past this "nice guy" is so fondly bringing up.
i know way too many guys who go this route minus the final insults. and people will judge *you* for keeping silent. 'cos he's nice and all.
i was creepin in an ex cuz he got a tat &amp; i wanted to see what it is, but now i'm scrolling through his pics straight roasting him
moral of the story, you'll get over him eventually
is this real????
here's the affidavit from the victim
so yesterday you tell me you know all the analysts at espn. and now you talk to mike white on the phone??
i have... on gator talk in gainesville, it was only 5 min though
how do you get one of these blu-ray anti-theft cases off? checker at target forgot to remove it.
they're magnetic locks. the cashier would have used their "key" to open it. a normal magnet won't work. you'll have to go back
so yesterday you tell me you know all the analysts at espn. and now you talk to mike white on the phone??
and by the way
does rex stay or go? how soon?
10 days to prepare for arz, if they come out flat/lose, could be as early as next week. if they lose that and ne, definitely.
front seats should go to whomever is most determined, not whomever has the most money! lol
wow you guys couldn't get tickets either? maybe they'll release them down the road?
black's have advanced faster than any other race in history that has gone through slavery. ex. jews, egyptian, roman
jews were never slaves of the egyptians tho.
i remembered it *too* well, and was never really sure if it was supposed to be a twist
yeah, we rewatched winter soldier last weekend and were like "oh that's where steve learned about it!"
regardless of who wins what, suggest we all just agree that juan martin del potro is player of the year.
well actually... :)
so yesterday you tell me you know all the analysts at espn. and now you talk to mike white on the phone??
my man has white winning sec coach of year
welp, just switched over to and it was the biggest mistake i could have made. i should have known better.
it could be worse:
why kaepernick was inappropriate:
leave it up to two white guys in sonoma to tell a young black guy what to do when it comes to handling racism...
i'm also aa and love "american" food. lin and i have similar preferences for food, among many other topics.
that's the point. he's an american of asian decent and it's totally cool if he doesn't like asian soup. lol
mic drop: ivanka drops 3 brilliant words about trump's 'trouble with women'
did you see that she out of cosmo interview in tears over a tough question.
unfortunately no
ohio state game?
welcome home fans! come hang out with me at 5:45, 6:20 and during the 2nd inning in the fan fest area!
i always love seeing you!
yaaaass, and it connects to the larger liberal movement's abandonment of progressive causes at large (beginning w/ labor!)
everybody is on board w civil rights and equality until something like black lives matter happens and then it's crickets
where you at tonight?
m-a, they host los gatos. you?
from roman times and on, the forced expelling &amp; quota on jews was deliberate because it was jewish homeland
non-jews do not consider palestine as "jewish homeland".
it originated as a terrible pun (foia=for-ya eyes only) but eyes only on its own isn't bad
that *is* a terrible pun. eyes only is much better.
douche from canada
lol i know i'm messing with ya
however it fails to incorporate the central agents of that change- human beings.
that was my impression as well. it needs further work along the lines you suggest.
because we can't talk about killary's crimes, yes, that's with an s, for multiple crimes . where $6 billion sos missing?
there are no crimes. your sexism is disgusting
still waiting? how many numbers more?
gotta come back monday. flight is also...monday.
it was very hard to leave our hotel room this morning.
no reason to leave tbh
i sometimes forget what nes hard means. zelda reminded me. damned like like ate my magic shield just before ganon.
haha...a throwback nes, zelda session can humble even the best of us...
hahahaha but we've had pretty rad years still do high five
idk about you but im aging like fine bourbon. better &amp; better, more exquisite &amp; flavorful.
about to go pick up my birthday gift to myself. a phone which i most likely will hate.
the phone that you hate don't make you special
the man, the myth, the legend
i walked for an hour and a half last time i was here just to see this.
i'm so upset got you next time tho
next week bb. where do you work
do you guys wanna come to my birthday party?
if anyone under 21 could go
when i ain't see one of my friends in a while:
it's a little one, but he smashed it so it counts.
everybody is on board w civil rights and equality until something like black lives matter happens and then it's crickets
bc at the end of the day they are worried about their own careers, their image.
they're magnetic locks. the cashier would have used their "key" to open it. a normal magnet won't work. you'll have to go back
we use them at rasputin. if you were in the area, i could open it (i'm holding a key currently).
when bae buys 2k17 now i'm stuck waiting for his bumass to come to bed after he plays hella rounds
so who's this bae?
once dated or once had sex with lol. bitches weird man.
i mean it's possible to truly be friends after a relationship
from roman times and on, the forced expelling &amp; quota on jews was deliberate because it was jewish homeland
christians certainly do not consider palestine as "jewish homeland". why would they???
the people that cap bust out are now fugitives. they're still breaking the law. poor ant-man lol.
poor scott.
i know way too many guys who go this route minus the final insults. and people will judge *you* for keeping silent. 'cos he's nice and all.
lately i've been having dreams/nightmares about a particular sob in my past. i guess i am sensitive to the whole outside judgment thing.
yeah, we rewatched winter soldier last weekend and were like "oh that's where steve learned about it!"
it's on the screens arnim zola shows of how hydra controlled bucky.
"faster parallel computing...new programming language delivers 4x speedups on problems common in the age of big data"
facts, numbers, more specific application areas? did we hear this before?
fuck off antifa mong
we take nazi but he's boots too oi
happy belated cancer!
some dark-thinking people out there! i knew what you meant, july baby! =d
it doesn't mean that it was the jewish homeland. the logic doesn't follow. it only means that
it doesn't mean that any land is "jewish homeland".
guys i've never been to panera bread is that bad?
you're not missing out on anything
nyc gets a 2-nantz weekend . but fans have a power play field goal upcoming: w/daryl johnson
that is two nantz's too many.
some nice full circle shit going on with ending obama's terms in office by returning to the birther stuff. let's cycle through all the hits.
republicans are all thanking christ for teleprompters now
that be me target and cvs be the only trap. you go for one thing come out with mad shit
he had mad candy and a redbull, his parents are gonna be happy.
she has her bad days lol
i guess more bad days than better days
i volunteer as tribute
honestly truly thank god
i usually delete apps and pics to update but i legit have 7 apps and 250 pics so idk how to fix it
i'd say still try it. it keeps all your stuff in the "air" and when it's done updating it'll put everything back the way it was
in acknowledging born here admits he's a bald-faced liar &amp; has no use for the truth unless it will help him.
so he &amp; are exactly alike ?
trying to compare hrc to every other politician does her no good. you have to judge her based on her record &amp; judgement.
her record/judgment? i'll take it! trump? what's he been honored for?
architects are the best ux people because they realize it can't just look pretty, you have to live in it too.
well good architects, anyway
horoscope say that we bad for each other, but the sex a be good -
you on your fab shit ma
they have breakfast pizza in la so not all of ca is unaware
i feel like this is something i need to explore up here in norcal.
the gope and the dems have the same agenda they are the problem. trump is the one who exposed it all. he will win
i pray for that
the jews lived there. jews were preceded by the canaanites, the indigenous people of palestine,
jews were not directly preceded by canaanites.
eminem and 50 cent had one of the worst chemistry together. never made sense to me.
true - ironically, some of my fave em verses were alongside 50 ("don't push me","all die one day"? sheesh, em was untouchable then)
u don't evin no me bich ass nerd
that draws the line kid im otw to beet ur sht in
bruh they stole your tweet
i had them blockedt
first rule of .... is apparently not the first rule of
i want to fight club you. come on you know you want to punch me
cnn live in : hundreds of thousands still awaiting aid reports
what about the poor and frightened americans living in gang besieged cities? just a question not anti syrian
what are you doing today?
checking out the new album!
jews were not directly preceded by canaanites.
canaanites preceded jews by about 1,000 years.
rudy trashing clinton in miami: 'the other day, she had pneumonia, she walked up to a little girl &amp; kissed her.'
am i wrong in saying that normal, decent campaigns don't make such contemptible, ridiculous claims?
i've honestly been terrified to drive around nowadays seeing/hearing about all the accidents on the roads. people need to be alert always
like my paranoia is becoming a phobia and i don't want to be like my mom who doesn't drive &amp; has to rely on people, i refuse
jk ur not invited this is my time.
what cassettes we talkin
yaaaaaas i have to work tonight i'll call you after
um hi me too???!!!!!
you might want to correct your typo..,
lol thanks!
the fault is my own. i fucked up. i scheduled an exam for the 15th instead of the 16th. those numbers look really close.
which exam?
ah nice. i'm at the kings academy.
that should be fun. they've got some big-time playmakers.
oh you yanks with your jingoism. nothing like us brits with our jingoism.
don't worry, y'all get in on the act
if the user installs the latest 32-bit installer, won't squirrel think that it is on latest version when it checks 64-bit url?
it will, they'll chill on 32-bit for one release. for us that's nbd
"shinny" or "shiny" yung..?
chill nigga you know the struggles
i'll take care of him, i'll babysit since i ain't getting drunk
what?! why?!
i just want you to myself.
thats the way of putting
whats that game series called where you fight all the little dudes and then theres big dudes that zelda had a spin off of with that one game
dynasty warriors
aw. la truth!
the day i installed my first podcatcher, i grabbed latino usa. i'd just never *seen* you before. =d =d
i still think he's hilarious, but image of q definitely took a hit.
i mean...i know he wouldn't care or anything.
young voters considering third-party candidates need a
we need to keep repeating that a vote for 3rd party is a vote for trump
enthusiasm gap looms for clinton
now that we got pop to admit that he's a big liar about his birther conspiracy - will we see his tax returns soon?
canaanites preceded jews by about 1,000 years.
canaanites no longer even existed when jews first appeared. no connection.
undocumented nc students hold rally calling for scholarship eligibility
they should apply for citizenship and then once they are citizens, apply like every other citizen!
inspired by 's portrait studies ( and using
dang that looks nice. i wish i could pixel art!
the best of today's debate! why are we blaming trump for a conspiracy the democrats started?
trump should have never said that barry was born here
and what exactly does this psycho babel proof? ha
what does it "proof[sic]". it's a concept, so it doesn't prove anything. but it does illustrate the white supremacy involved
the one and only stopped by to talk about that dramatic finale! stream
speaking of drama, don't forgetttt, there's a super big full moon 2night, remember to look up!
holy fudge the way she ran up the stairs so fast
i know duude!!! she's way too excited for it
leaked colin powell email: israel has 200 nukes "all targeted on tehran"
isn't this article technically a violation of law?
if the user installs the latest 32-bit installer, won't squirrel think that it is on latest version when it checks 64-bit url?
every once in awhile a computer savvy person figures it out then we just mail them a link
once again, if this is true, she should be crushing trump. but she's not. she's w/in the statistical margin of error or is losing
it's complicated. much more is always expected from women. i know that personally! also says much about the country.
ok i can't wait to watch this
45 min in &amp; its really good
you should say 'go ahead! have fun!' someone once suggested an oyster shucking contest. in the office. blood+oyster liquor=gtfo
i work with workers' comp data. that sounds like a bad idea.
journalists covering trump have now been banned, patted down, physically restrained and verbally harassed while trying to do their jobs.
don't forget being mocked in absentia last night by the very candidate who effectively caused their absence.
no one has them from sprint either!
two of my employees have sprint. they've had their phones since this afternoon.
happened a month ago. told them to either make it right or i was leaving in a month
ouch. i'd only ever get applecare+ for insurance, so deciding factor is coverage or price
model rotation schedule
too much jimmy,not enough manuela
didn't have time to finish an itunes backup before i left.
ahh. sorry. that is the rub. mine failed the 1st time. was lucky it completed on take 2.
the jewish dna is unique and distinct... it's a different ethnicity &amp; genetics...a distinctive 1
you have not established any fact of "jewish dna".
otr, tho, u feelin better? u know, weed is the best rx 4 stomach issues... u got ne 4 our boy?
i think i could use one, stomach not 100%. selena is out running around somewhere in nyc
how is the camera?
good! i wish the depth of field feature was out already though
note our respective teams
at least you got one! colts match up well vs broncos. better chances than this shows
and what exactly does this psycho babel proof? ha
in trump's campaign. either explicit bigots, as demonstrated by the numerous white power orgs who have explicity &amp; vocally
if you only read one rebuttal to the house intelligence committee's snowden report, it should be 's:
barton and i agree. kill the whistleblower is the name of the game especially before this film.
jewish dna influenced by centuries of diaspora. some markers in certain groups:e.g. ashkenazi
but who's to say that dna "is jewish"? that's just your conclusion.
haha they're my faves ppl sleeping on them
they really are! especially on la inolvidable
i can't remember the last time i saw this much rollerblading in a film and i grew up in the '90s.
reminded of the time i downloaded the anarchist's cookbook at age 14 and was disappointed at how much of it was phone phreaking
what what is beta? lmao
it was a pre-release test to ios10 to have people like me test the software and tell them about bugs/glitches etc.
has anyone tried taking a photo with the iphone 7 underwater?
probably a bad idea to do it in saltwater.
.: "president barack obama was born in the united states. period."
... trump you are a p.o.s.
i'm about to start my career as harambe.
i'm sure he'll be a "beast" down low near the basket!
playing a new game called "darren aronofsky or one of the doctor whos"
seriously wondering now if there's an accepted convention on doctor whos vs. doctors who.
as a black woman, and pennsylvania voter, i will never vote for birther king donald trump. see ya'll in nov
i'm with you, sister!!!
here come the insults...typical
get blocked , i spared him cause i felt bad he told me he was lonely, bye now
weekly space hangout - sept 16, 2016: universe sandbox - universe today
.weliveamonyou.com a must read sci fi novel.
still live it with my son who is 32. still hasn't finished bs. 6 classes short. quit again past spring and won't take meds.
that's the struggle. can't convince him to see a dr.
your worst nightmare will soon be realized.
i am going to see blair witch now
ouch. i'd only ever get applecare+ for insurance, so deciding factor is coverage or price
i'm finding it hard to get a straight answer for monthly cost to bring my own unlocked iphone.
hunee is the best dj in the world right now. tbf.
the fierce is strong with that one
but still so good
my favorites keep going home though who are your favorites?
also much, much harder to get sitr owners to make changes when you can't point to anything
most changes are not actionable though. when they are, we do talk about it (c.f. panda article by )
and what exactly does this psycho babel proof? ha
endorsed him, are drawn to his campaign; or those who don't are indifferent to that component of his message are no
took the biggest l that i've taken in a long time today
lost a $1,200 rag &amp; bone coat, supreme, wang, phillip lim, everythinggggggggggg bro
more trump conspiracies: -mexico sending "rapists" -cruz's father and jfk -muslims celebrating 9/11 2/x
repeated false statements by tur &amp; jaffy &amp; sarlin: trump mocked disabled reporter, referred to another's periods..
i think ralph played in one of the famous nba v aba all-star games in maybe 72? unstoppable scorer.
detroit's pershing hs: first mel daniels, then spencer haywood &amp; simpson...
replace one lie with another: " admits obama was born in u.s., but falsely blames clinton for starting rumors"
.. trump you are a p.o.s.
cause they have a tendency to play down to their opposition. why? i dunno
their pitchers are horrid. which is why i expect close games lol.
yaaaas. it's a mind-bending experience
funny too if i remember correctly
canaanites no longer even existed when jews first appeared. no connection.
canaanites had been extinct for about 700 yrs before jews first appeared.
's been at this too long to not know what she was doing.
i think you're right.
your worst nightmare will soon be realized.
btw, i noticed google has you as 46 and was like wtf? they had to get that wrong .
are you paying attention? : 'this is not the time for a protest vote'
the real reason isn't eligible to be president is the utter impossibility for her to get the required number of votes.
this african american wants to know what ever happened to that investigator trump sent to hawaii?
lol i've asked the same thing!!!
no we're all bad people
my example certainly supports this theory
arlington 6 flirtin n flashin greeley's demon don't tell mom
2 flirtin n flashin perez e $11.00 $7.40 $4.60
your worst nightmare will soon be realized.
you look far from 46
i would clearly never say these things about david brooks at age 29. 17 year old me is an entirely different story.
"seriously, though. y'all have to read this. it's like 'knuck if you buck,' but with even more knock." dead.
is it problematic that i'm not into blonds
*not without exception, but speaking generally
i seriously thought was going to puke while watching do this!
that was hysterical! omg the look on when he was eating the egg... !!!
which we should disseminate far and wide across the internet.
can you spot the dangerous fraud in one of these photos? a little girl can.
happy birthday!!!!
thank you!!(:
baby face did this in a video lol can't remember the song thou.
we gotta work on that hand clap!
just posted a photo
sexy pic!!! body is amazing
boys soccer: word
any word on the 3 players who were sidelined by skin issue?
any tickets out there?
i'm sure there's so many!
sick of these shit polls because we all know she smear him but
hang in there. clinton will dominate him,
more trump conspiracies: -mexico sending "rapists" -cruz's father and jfk -muslims celebrating 9/11 2/x
...no evidence that anyone celebrated on 9/11; trump said cruz's dad involved in jfk assassination...
hey! i pray for you everyday dealing with the coffee kook!
ty for your prayers! now behave!
and, to the person in the 561 area code who called me with the tip about that thing... thank you. you were right.
trump is a scientologist?
i felt like i should share this moment
is that the mattress omfg
trump addresses conspiracy theory: president obama was born in the united states, period.
.. trump you are &amp; represent the worst of america ... so sad !!
i greatly disapprove of these!
psh what do you know about animal anatomy! nothing
happy birthday!
thank you!!
and apologies for my editing because i've been doing it while half asleep @ between jobs.
deduction author!
wish this whiteboy was one of them
can u help with my oreo cookie fantasy?
billy club sandwich is playing a show in every nyc borough .. aka i'm seeing them in the bronx oh my god
i can't believe they found a venue in queens it's gonna be a catering hall or something
time to get more ambitious?
haha. thinking the same thing.
buffalo i just skrrrrd up where the wings at in dis ho
you a wing, ho.
summer break is over, starts for the season again tonight.
omg there's a full moon tonight! this should be interesting....
victor's emotions are probably also really raw. and maybe corey said one thing and it lit vic up.
one can hope i want corey to go off he's been holding it in all season
barton gellman's report far wiser than this one:house intelligence comm's terrible,horrible, very bad snowden report/
congress has zero investigative experience&amp;only obtain evidence and ask questions that meet their endgame
fuck off antifa mong
we took your boots in the 80s. fucking wimps
more trump conspiracies: -mexico sending "rapists" -cruz's father and jfk -muslims celebrating 9/11 2/x
...and mexico sending rapists...never ever said that....no evidence that anyone saw suspicious objects in san b....
and what exactly does this psycho babel proof? ha
endorsed him, are drawn to his campaign; or those who aren't but are indifferent to that component of his message are
our newesr love... diffusers that smell as pretty as they look. ...
your packaging is the bomb
he's my favourite bipolar rapper... he pretty much always goes in
agreed &amp; thank you-any time i refer to game or 50 as bipolar on here the g-hive comes after me haha (not a diss, they need help)
my favorite food types: 1. taiwanese / chinese 2. italian 3. japanese 4. american 5. korean 6. viet 7. thai 8. junk
my favorites: chinese, sushi, italian, portuguese, spanish, euro-influenced american, russian, vietnamese, my baked fries
willie brown and i with the throwback look. go good luck vs windsor
hayward farmers
thats arm hair not mine
ur stomach hair
yep thats true! he is toxic
i hate that this is true but i only stopped finding the feeds entertaining and stopped watching after he left
daily 01. witt lowry // all feedback is appreciated! hd :
that's actually pretty dope
you can ask for help. i had to ask for help.
i'm trying to let him manage right now. with encouragement but i may have to push for help at some point
it's sort of obviously/trivially true but ideologically loaded
ya, but at some point cost disease kicks in, as opportunity cost of raising your own rises with productivity growth
yep, i'm pretty excited about this one. just a little. ;)
best show on tv gets even better.
a troll said "stop naming your kids tyre." so naming our kids white names will stop them from getting killed?
right, because cops stop and ask someone's name before killing them in cold blood
u've provided no facts 2 support your opinion that any of them are frauds.id be a fool to believe u
he is a lonely haru
just gone leave this here. if u smart ull watch. i ain't standing for shit
this is horrific
hillary blows her lid, desperate as polls show building momentum. joins me 7pm
hemmer/fox: "trump owns the morn news again", gets $$$ of free ad time + every cable net loves him as ratings king
and you wonder why the racism narrative sticks.... (smh)
what about "the birther" issue bkz dems have no platform to stand on!
smh . it was fucking great a year ago lol. we washed
lmaoo facts well just embrace it
the chronoclock limited edition box set &amp; exclusive goods kickstarter surpassed the goal!
this looks really interesting.
willie brown and i with the throwback look. go good luck vs windsor
back in your high school days jack mount eden against hayward best games around
watch our friend talk about living with disease and other chronic illnesses. great job, allie!
thank you!!
glad to know it was actually tricky, i was feeling like a bad librarian.
yeah! this is weird, the phrase is there, the comic is not.
my son won't since hs either. my son no meds either. only work. would he see a pychologist to talk w/o you?
not at moment. i'm trying to convince him
"there's no erasing things trump has said," said hillary, the world's foremost expert on erasing things.
no erasing...just hammering
now that i've really seen blair witch, i can say i'm a bit mixed on it, but i do like it, especially the ending.
i love whole time changes. it's like the forest is actually tricking them into coming there with the video tape. hmmm
nah watch mfs start actin like dey been fuckin w max b lol
i have xoxoxxx cuz he's been so wavy
did my first nba 2k17 myteam pack opening and my god was it ridiculous. uploading a bit to my 2nd channel!
how did ur face scan come out?
it's practically an invitation. cannot fucking believe this shit.
. like so many things trump says, this one is likely backfire. perish the unintended pun.
you admitted at the last reunion that ur shitty attitude wasn't all editing. attested to this.
so you want to try to drag me in to this. i'm her friend now n has been for the last 5 years
what you on about
i've seen many ba is shit themselves and walk away with no shoes
truly not in the mood. it's always financial aid or student life that gives me problems
2. i hate 125th street. avoid it at all costs.
cubs. love it. can't wait for the celebration when they win the world series.
they better hope mets don't play them
the fact that nicole has yet to take off corey's sweatshirt just makes me smile. she's so cute!!!
i kniw i think she's going to wear it remember she said she wore hayden's she missed him coreys misses him and makes her safe
but do you have a giant ousama purin in your room
i can easily get one
lol i'm lowkey iight
i lowkey want you to teach me lol .
why i'm not getting airpods.
ahh. see. i probably won't get them because even wired earbuds sounds like shit. :)
president obama's successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. period.
is that all you got? you don't talk policy, meet with the press and the media fawns over your lying self
apple has announced upgraded airbuds that pierce the ear drum to lock in place.
battery recharging the is done by attachment to your brain. jst kiddin. you have to send your head back to apple to replacment.
ya, but at some point cost disease kicks in, as opportunity cost of raising your own rises with productivity growth
not being paid in part conceals the price signal. do we measure mothers value add according to what she could be making
2. i hate 125th street. avoid it at all costs.
it's too freaking crowded and people walk like their stupid.
we're doing a 64-bit release to mitigate "array buffer allocation failed" issues in the wild.
oh, interesting - yeah, you might want to be more aggro than us then about it. your audience is also prob more savvy
i've only seen the trailer but i wanna know if they made his voice like that in post production orr
i don't know but he talks like that for the whole movie
when i have a fresh cut it's the same thing. i be like ... thanks.
it's so consistent!! i'm like, why?? i'm gonna interrogate the next dad who does it. tryna get to the bottom of this lol
great catching up w/ about devops infrastructure &amp; 's growth for 's microservices explainer!
classic almond badger
xb1/ps4 7pm et free entry $10 prize 2v2 snd 1nd link below
need 1 ps4 use skype and do t have an ego
and what exactly does this psycho babel proof? ha
fellow travellers of hatred. if you ever wondered which side you'd choose in pre-ww2 germany, at least now you know you'd
it's practically an invitation. cannot fucking believe this shit.
. like so many things trump says, this one is likely to backfire. perish the unintended pun.
just caught a glimpse of on tony hawk's instagram story and i'm so happy you get to do the things you love
oh man what lemme go see!!! i love you!
i can easily get one
you should (not listen to me because im a bad influence)
one is cultural appropriation, the other is a beautiful embrace of multiculturalism.
does the model handbook say you need to have a miserable look on your face while walking the runway, lol
i'm pretty sure if i try to wrestle you you'll beat me on technique alone so my best shot is to stay vertical
i have an extremely punchable face
actually, sumipe is good
i'm glad they added some russian in there for her, it wouldn't be sumipe otherwise
i don't understand. i honest to god do not understand how we got here. 50% of americans can't be this naive, gullible, &amp; blind.
how has it come to this. those people are vile and stupid.
they have control of the words coming out of their mouth. better to be thought a fool than open your mouth and....
a smart viewer can see smiles and laughs all around . but that's just cause i'm observant. no matter the dark undertone music
loved rock night at ppa with my girl xx
how are you
i see put some flowery pink ducttape on you don't worry i got some camo duct tape at home we can use!
it just happened to be the one in my bag lol
barton gellman's report far wiser than this one:house intelligence comm's terrible,horrible, very bad snowden report/
and that endgame is to smear the messenger before the film is release tonight
"a tedious bore with one more nobel than any writer from alabama" -faulkner, if he was alive and could tweet
the most recognizable name from alabama is forrest gump and he was just a lucky idiot that isn't even real
was this shot on the new iphone?
no that new software that creates this effect is not out yet !
paper clip in a tiny hole not possible?
no such hole. command-e did it.
and what exactly does this psycho babel proof? ha
choose hitler's, who also promised to "make germany strong again" once they too got rid of "undesirables".
trump using french revolution aesthetics, reactionaries on suicide watch
trump is trolling the fuck out of the media this week
mellow piano ballad. listen to pisces by juniel on .
happy guitar duet. listen to ocean by huh gak &amp; jeong eun ji on .
i'm watching cubs postgame, deep conditioning my hair, and eating pizza with a side of spicy pickles from a mason jar.
you living dat life gurl
hes a desperate fanboy looking more &amp; more foolish with each tweet.let the world c him 4 what he is
he admitted to me he was lonely on twitter, that says it all
rumors on race/religion spread by trump: -obama is kenyan -obama affirmative action student -obama a muslim 1/x
obama may well be muslim in the sense that a lapsed catholic is catholic....why doesn't he say islamic terrorist...
sure friends but not on that level it's just odd
like cousin is dead best friends with his ex lol
what the hell is wrong with this man
is he volunteering to go without his bodyguards as well?
(2/2) i currently cannot access it and cannot access any money, i will need your help to convince paypal to unlock it, info soon.
let us know what you need
i just made last minute plans to go to san diego for twitchcon in two weeks, i'm so excited!! anyone else going?
-- is that like comic con?
don't change your account name and home directory in unless you want to spend 1.5 hour on the phone with apple
what problems did it cause?
brad: best piece i've read all year! i hope you (or homans?) had something to do with it!
tnx! all cred of the 3 u note, i contributed least. me: quality t w lawyers to let it be/bleed
why would you want me to lose my job?that's how i support my son-do u just want me 2 feel bad?
have your back
sorry for any trouble! clicking on 'coupons' under the search bar should allow you to see discount prices for items at the store
coupons are still there, but whole foods used to make their in-store sale prices available on instacart too.
should i ask em to run me my $
sure. fade me a 5% share or a 5th of heem...whichever is greater
can never forget those cookstoves... cc
of course....how could we forget? hope y'all are well!
not being paid in part conceals the price signal. do we measure mothers value add according to what she could be making
or according to what a well managed day care or nanny would cost? latter is a smaller number for most knowledge workers
sy0-401 security certification
hang in there
what about the double irony that what you just said can be said about hillary?
anything can be said abt anything. it's how false equivalencies get said, like they have been for the past
rumors on race/religion spread by trump: -obama is kenyan -obama affirmative action student -obama a muslim 1/x
...why does he bow differently to s. arabian king than queen of england...
self driving cars will be exceptionally cheap. and it pays all of those things now *plus* driver salaries
it does not pay for cars and maintenance right now
you admitted at the last reunion that ur shitty attitude wasn't all editing. attested to this.
n don't tag me in dumb shit only to try to disregard my friend and the evil actions of "sheep"
i'm against extending freedom of speech to journalists
"shut up and report"
clinton didn't respond to them. so, they couldn't endorse her.
they didn't endorse at all in 2012. could have declined to this time.
we were the jews in captivity. that's our story. living under control of sin just like the jews under roman rule. but he freed us.
jesus certainly did not "free" jews from anything.
i like how they tricked you into thinking maybe just maybe you got those new wireless headphones
they fooled me too!
3. studying this weekend for a test. a test? but i just started school??!?!!?
4. i've been feeling very up and down emotionally. feeling even more emotionally unstable than usual pisses me off. truly.
everyone in the world is giving me anxiety
mission accomplished
i realize i used to smile wider a few years ago and honestly im not surprised at the fact that i dont anymore
may be you're fatter now and cannot stretch your muscles enough.
wait those actually work?
not sure about the other guy but they feel soft to tap!
what gift should i buy for my nephew for his first birthday? is it still the age where i should just buy gifts his parents will like?
buy a toy that makes a lot of noise and requires batteries.
for honor is cool af but i'm absolutely terrible at it.
i tried it out, i'm pretty bad at it also. i'm horrible at using the stances.
happy birthday toy bff since day one. can't wait to celebrate. xoxo love you
thank you babe i love you so much omg
it's possible you can use the shred/grate blade to shop the cilantro. wayne, qvc
didn't order it because chopping/mincing herbs, cilantro etc wasn't shown &amp; i know if i return it, i'm charged return shipping :-(
doujin games are actually a dying breed but thirst is eternal
doujin games: - take effort - require art and programming knowledge - have next to no userbase thirst - universal - easy
trump: "we have cities far more dangerous than afghanistan."
as if that has anything to do with or would improve under
today we taught investors &amp; founders how to bake &amp; into their dna. it was awesome!
lol, who is the photobomb guy in the background?!
wait, what happened?
he once supported hello games , now blaming them throwing them under the bus
sure hillary started . it's why obama made her secretary of state. are we even trying anymore or is everyone too tired?
hillary might not have personally started it, but her campaign did.
how was the murder trial proof of that? or this photo? i don't get it.
her boyfriend looks like a douche (obvi). also... relax.
are u kidding me? u r awesome! just got home from "my baby" &amp; was looking at the sunset &amp; time-knowing what was happening-thank you!
yep! even klg herself helped me switch my unsigned bottles in my cart for the signed ones i kinda cleaned house!
zapp presents... real quotes from donald j trump! with kif!
now that's funny lol
nyc chinatowns have best dim sum in u.s. flushing, queens and canal street in particular.
never had dim sum even when i lived 5 blocks from manhattan chinatown. not breakfast eater.
i can disassembe your bodies in 30 mins...
please do. i've always wanted to die that way.
when i was in high school this kid with had that haircut. i'd call him from other people's phones, yell "flock of seagulls," &amp; hang up
i'm gonna get a weird call at like 2am now aren't i
this weather feels like i've been reborn into a better, friendlier world. half expect to find out the entire election was just a bad dream.
no, dear, this is the dream. it's really raining brimstone, and trump is president-for-life.
for sale: human shoes, size nine
furnest hemingway's shortest story
btw jesus was actually referencing the torah which forbade the jews from having the roman money. he isn't saying what many think
why would jesus care about what is "forbidden" for jews? jesus spoke out against the jews.
i won't stop rooting for the until the playoff drought gets so long that the players on the team werent born when it started.
then it's time to call it quits.
when there are cuts in education, the first to go are the arts. how fucking sad.
unprivileged children are forced on the path of academia striped creatively. meanwhile, billions of dollars are invested into war
bratwurst and onions simmered in beer, sliced over a base of garlic and parmesan, and the whole thing glazed with ipa mustard
shit dude did you find the way to flavortown population you and also guy fieri
my little brother is coming to visit me at school but he told me he won't bring my cat?? give me one good reason joel
what the heck joel
nyc gramercy tonight w/
u should put in all your pics. maybe get a endorsement deal out of it.
4. i've been feeling very up and down emotionally. feeling even more emotionally unstable than usual pisses me off. truly.
5. i have a lot to juggle in the next 8 months and i'm scared that i'm going to crumble
max b come home in 2018
lmao we wish but
authors of house report accuse snowden of "stealing the answers" to a test employees take before entering the nsa.
i look at their creased/crumpled faces of life long deceit &amp; look at the smooth calm face of &amp;immediately know who 1/
great video:
you've been on a sjw binge lately huh lmao...don't go full retard, bruh
btw jesus was actually referencing the torah which forbade the jews from having the roman money. he isn't saying what many think
jesus wasn't a jew, so i doubt he was referencing a "torah".
even as a villain is adorable!
when he's good, he's very good, but when he's bad, he's better.
ooh...if we follow each other would u dm me some ny restaurants that are really good, not just touristy? x
sure! just followed
we both won ships. we both will go down in the history books. just think its funny him saying that especially after we've crossed paths.
you didn't win shit. doug baldwin scored on you, you bum. you rode brady's back to get a ring
trump's habit of projecting his actions onto someone else is what 6-year-olds call "i know you are, but what am i?"
although, to be fair , i would argue my six year old is better behaved.
is it in english or subtitles
mostly english, the german has subtitles
go for it. if you distribute them evenly i'm sure someone else will buy the others.
my target has self check out. so no one will notice! tehehehehehe
get enlightened with freedom
"enlightened" he said
rumors on race/religion spread by trump: -obama is kenyan -obama affirmative action student -obama a muslim 1/x
...why is morning call to prayer most beautiful soundin the world 2 him...these aren't expected acts of non-muslims
jesus wasn't a jew, so i doubt he was referencing a "torah".
the jews were merely trying to trick jesus on a question about scripture.
three submissions for x collaboration. check them out on ig ""
digging the third one brother!
bbq's food is so bad, when people say they want to go there for drinks i'm like, "can i just buy you a bottle?"
i should just invest in a few of those giant goblets
"but daddy he said, then he said, but because he said, he's lying" that's how u sound
breakdown city, unreal how far these guys go to defend sony.
so crooked, today are you suffering from: nothing, cough, allergies, the heat, pneumonia, or being put in your place?
my favorite tweet of the day so far!
we are delighted you are enjoying your stay with us, dr. weinstein.
unfortunately had to call the front desk for tv issues already.
if i posted every single pic i took of joe last night i'd lose all my goddamn followers!!!!!
sooo. grate. please. post. more. god. bless
i really wanted to stick my tongue out for this
it would be so rad if you had done it!
i feel like the better version of me that i thought died in 2015, and i just remembered fondly.
yay! we should celebrate! with wine! and cheese!
i bet dude and y'all carry your equipment and stuff cause they're loaded with everything and i'm just like "bruh"
thats my saying everyday like bruhh really
lol my father works at a voice recognition company and instead of extensions you just say the person's name
welcome to 1999. voice id was in production, in use 15 years ago. yet companies design for fud. really. helps revenue.
btw jesus was actually referencing the torah which forbade the jews from having the roman money. he isn't saying what many think
if anyone was the enemy of jesus, it was the jews. rome certainly wasn't an enemy of jesus.
daaaahm bro. how do you keep finding these places?
when you are constantly vacationing you learn all the secret spots. lol
oh no! i am happy to look into this for you. please feel free to follow and dm me to get started.*nrt
cannot dm you if you don't follow me. you're in serious danger of losing a customer.
the chipotle executive arrested on cocaine charges returns to work
great picture!
he's done this a number of times now...
is this a new trump quote? i can't keep up!
apparently bears like birdseed! maybe it is a sign you could write a song with a pun on bear and bare?
love is a bear to cross
that's on my list
it was such a good arc, music and the art was a+
today's big story: the gop nominee for president said today that president obama was born here. i'm not kidding!
imagine that bs but yet so any still support this professional conman! despicable!!
it's my birthday! today i shall do whatever i want!!
happy birthday to my favorite housewife and bravolebrity!! diamond wishes and ros dreams!!!
or according to what a well managed day care or nanny would cost? latter is a smaller number for most knowledge workers
think of it like this: imagine my wife had an mba but stayed home and painstakingly churned butter.
with how rich this country is, how is there even such a thing as cuts in education??
when has america had their priorities straight?
yeah they wouldve been perfect eminem solo songs.
haha toss "love me" on there too (hm...obie was on that one too)
i just saw ur mom
okay so you tagged two people so whose mom
usually has sourkit crash logs for me
perfect, thank you!
888-558-kdon
i wanted mana tickets so bad hook it up please
and...eat some fish
it's not lent. no need for fish on fridays
btw, does anyone know why trump decided to reintroduce birther topic this week? politically, it's madness
he wanted to resolve it so the issue wouldn't come up at debates
todd bowles needed this win yesterday. my column:
nice job les
apple sending out "your app hasn't been updated in a really long time and we're going to remove it" emails. time to do some updates.
i just got them for 2 of my games. not going to bother with them.
rumors on race/religion spread by trump: -obama is kenyan -obama affirmative action student -obama a muslim 1/x
why didn't obama release transcripts if he is brilliant super-intelligent grade a student...what's he have to hide?
see john fail: kasich wants to burn down the gop | lifezette
he is two moves away from being the home depot paint aisle guy.
same. walked in and i was like eh, living with my mom and dad doesn't seem so bad for the next 5 to forever years
i know, but i can't deal with my clothes smelling like curry whenever i forget to close my room door much longer
rappers got bars &amp; bars for profit but won't say a word to save a black life. hip hop is dead.
they'll name a track after harambe tough
have a little tattoo appointment made...
ahhhh i'm kinda freaking out this is too cool !!!!!!!!!!
i'd rather be with russia than against. hrc has donors for those with religious beliefs that beat and murder non-believers
so you want to side w/ some1 who has no problem murdering ppl who he feels are against him?
nope but it should be on smv before next weekend.
man, that's just unacceptable right there.
irs lawsuit one has been going around. two people at work got called yesterday
i got called on that one a couple times, months apart
trump's habit of projecting his actions onto someone else is what 6-year-olds call "i know you are, but what am i?"
people are coming out now that you told them the birther story long ago. so i guess it did start with you and you just lied
the jews assumed jesus came to upset the roman establishment, but he came to upset theirs! this is a good reminder for the church &amp; gop.
i think it's possible that jesus originally came to upset rome, but once here on earth, jesus then saw the true enemy.
hi , i'd love to share the news about your recent un appt with community. can you send your email? thanks!
sure i will follow you so you can send me direct message
haha, a bit, yeah.
gotta have a few of them
it was a racist lie.
why can't axe call it racism?
so what prevents you from writing your own ad hoc as long as you re-sign it?
not sure i understand what you mean?
peas?! wtf!! lol
thing in the ny times last year. tried to say you aren't living if no peas in your guacamole wtf?! lol, caused a big uproar
copyright matters. or it should.
. i know, right? what do i have to show for 13,131 twitter "impressions"? that's right, a big fat $0.00.
what is your favorite dr. mccoy saying?
i should have gone with that one, but i just loved "he's dead, jim!" i cracked up every time he said it!
it's here! learn more about our iphone 7 for $0 offer.
i tried to!!! waited in line for 3 hours only for an employee to tell me theres no plus models available an hour before doors opened.
cool. using it in production yet?
only staging currently. you?
"black tie optional" is the worst dress code ever invented. here's why you should avoid it:
even worse: "black tie optional / festive attire" for me that means, "make other plans"
album preview in by
is this album any good? or is it like most other bands (1 or 2 good songs and the rest of the album is )?
she hasn't had the privilege of meeting my saint of a mother
my moms a straight g
yup but its getting more &amp; more difficult for them without looking like complete idiots
i just block em now, no use trying to talk sense with them
authors of house report accuse snowden of "stealing the answers" to a test employees take before entering the nsa.
2/ who is honest &amp; at peace w/his decision. his words show he is a patriot &amp;reflect his wisdom &amp; intelligence beyond his years
trump admits obama born in u.s. ?
"unemployed"
think of it like this: imagine my wife had an mba but stayed home and painstakingly churned butter.
do i value her non market labor at mba 6 figure salary or the cost of a few sticks of wholefoods organic butter...
backdrop at trump hotel collapses after controversial birther statement:
it might just be a sign that god doesn't like ugly!!
fitting that the 1st time in recent memory that i use both lightning and aux jack on my iphone is the day i call about my iphone 7 preorder.
oh fuck! can i not listen and charge at the same time now?!
i just bought my very first hard drive and i don't know what to do with it i think i'm just gonna throw it against a wall a couple times
just a handful of times, not too many
like the sound of that beer. what does a kinetic cloud taste like?
it's a sour beer.
i'm so happy with how castro 2 is going. one month in and sales are sustainable, we have a major 2.1 update out and a great roadmap.
you guys absolutely killed it with castro 2.0. i'm so happy with it and looking forward to payin for more future updates.
of course it will depend on if you are slanted one way or the other. even the unbiased tweet will be misconstrued.
i'm biased towards factually accurate statements. on this campaign, that clearly favors one side over the other.
time to see 50 ppl cheers with their phone on snapchat tonight
lol what's the event
in case you forgot, yes, i'm still cute:-)
i'm so in love with u pls marry me
donald trump has spent years peddling lies about president obama. and that didn't stop today.
oh he h as not. quit your lying hillary
we are returning to the breitbart part of the trump sine curve it seems
whether the election falls during breitbart trump or conway trump probably worth 2-3 points nationally
opinion: no pardon for
pardon him impeach obama imprison hillary
elite company being one of 88 of the world's best wine lists, thanks!
thanks for great v13 launch &gt; looking for ? he's in the cellar ;)
what's tomorrow afternoon
disel nationals at 9 am drinking then jason aldean then bar at night i'm gonna be dead
or 800 years of english oppression of the irish. or 1000+ years of the holy roman empire oppression of jews.
"or 1000+ years of the holy roman empire oppression of jews."&lt;--where in the fuck did you hear that crap?
lolol where as hillary wants people who have the same views as the nazi to america.
wherein we've come to the "no, you are" portion of the program.
hell yes we should
what time should we come over
there's no rule saying dim sum is only for breakfast. in fact, i would never eat dim sum for breakfast.
i get that. like spanish tapas better than dim sum.
hey jackie did you show the fanmail?
it was awesome!!! you're so talented!!
the broadway schedule is humbling. not in tonight &amp; grateful has the wheel!
for what's it worth, you were incredible last night! thank you for that experience. best wishes in health and life.
put that damn phone away you damn tourist
i gotta be ready to snap a pic of the damn apples if i see them
started ny morning over sleeping for 830am w/.. damn 3hrs. love what is doing. similar to .
technically you were early if you go by pst time :) :) :) :)
there's too many god damn police officers at every subway stop in this fkn city. get your good for nothing, steroid asses out of here.
good for nothing
seems like my film watching habits have become utterly predictable ...
ain't no shame in chronic doc-watching!
"he nurtured the conspiracy like a poisonous flower, watering and feeding it..."
it was never true that trump mocked a disabled journalist or any number of things you've said about him...
shame on them.
who knew that some bernie supporters could act so deplorably.
. soul of christ, sanctify me. body of christ, save me. blood of christ, inebriate me. water from the side of christ, wash me.
passion of christ, strengthen me. 0 good jesus, hear me. within thy wounds, hide me. separated from thee let me never be.
just emailed the company i interviewed with to ask if they needed any further info from me. no idea if i got the job or not.
hope you have better luck than me. haven't gotten any of the jobs i interviewed for :/
lolol where as hillary wants people who have the same views as the nazi to america.
wherein we've come to the "no, you are" portion of the program.
you have to check this place out! they have one in the financial district her in s.f.
oooooo... is the place you were raving about? i'll check it out ... i'm so ready to move out there.
i already retweeted this but thx
oh awk but i hope you're having fun in london
what trump just did is a disgrace.
everything you have done is a disgrace be a real woman and own up to lies
bread is one of our very favorite treats! what kind of bread was this, if you don't mind us asking??
greek olive levain!
"or 1000+ years of the holy roman empire oppression of jews."&lt;--where in the fuck did you hear that crap?
jews "were oppressed"? how so?
hillary's hellish week
i hope it's the next7 weeks
can you imagine what he'd tweet? pero si. he needs to be trolled so hard.
90% of what he tweets would be some dumb racist shit that makes no sense.
you should (not listen to me because im a bad influence)
no i actually really want one
: can't remember what the video ad was but it autoplayed when i opened that blog post.
thanks. i think we might have figured out which one it was and disabled it. we hate them as much as everyone else does.
exactly smh or they try to push through you even if you're getting off at the same place like wtf chill
my fav is when they look at u like u finna kill em or ur some dirty shit
skinheads against rice pudding you lefty spastic
y, we made lots of nazis cry for sure
trust me was right to be often annoyed by us on
how much unaired footage is there and how do i get to see it all?
well i know i checked in with plenty of time!
methinks his mission is to get hella drunk on penalty shots haha
he's trash, so is hrc, and obama isn't going to apologize to anyone.
obama doesn't need to apologize, he needs to thank trump for finally getting answers on birtherism.
nra folk think this is a knock-down argument: if you don't think everybody should have unlimited guns, nobody should
just another way their delusional.
um, any clue what that even means? lol
"that's why i stick with wine, wine would never do me dirty." me after elimination
looks like somebody i used to know...
looks like somebody i used to know...
donald trump spent five years lying about 's citizenship. he can't just take that back.
why not you did
a new study increases and strengthens the links that have led scientists to propose the "transposon theory of aging"
(cont) fluorescence in fat body of fruit flies tracks activity of transposable elements ~ increases with age
i'm a finger suckin champion.
don't suck fingers if you not about to give me the best head ever rt ": i'm a finger suckin champion."
although you want to get there earlier than typical lunch time to beat the long lines &amp; long waits.
very cool people line up to get dim sum. how many other foods do americans do that for? more likely for new films.
both of the upper east side's trump supporters live in my building. ama
are they in a high enough floor to remain unscathed from even-more-rapidly rising sea levels in a post-trump presidency?
we had to so he didn't quit or lose job. what else can boces provide. mi is a birth through 25 spec ed state.ny 21. anything?
i don't know. i'll have to look into it. thanks.
bangers only.
bagners only
i can't. i need the caffeine. i need it.
make it at home? go somewhere better?
99% of americans don't get assassination threats!
it's just like obama living in a giant mansion in the middle of dc that the average american can't afford. disgraceful!
trump is the most hated general election candidate on record. i think the negative coverage has had an effect.
yeah that's it, it's the negative coverage. or the fact that he is a rich boy spoiled racist idiot brat. it's the "media"
donald trump spent five years lying about 's citizenship. he can't just take that back.
eju fomn'y you try a different pattern on your clothes. the ones you wear don't make you look little instead hugr
no i actually really want one
i kinda do too but since i just blew $50 on sleeping mudkip... rip me. lol i have a passcase which i use as my wallet tho
me at the grocery store: "but where r all the cheaper, unorganic things"
in the back or at the key foods
they're pouting. only hint of trump's miami rally was on currently watching on
watch on cnn is a complete total joke. theyll talk birther all weekend.
another hint at killing her... he is a disgrace
j ust despicable. his moronic fans eat this stuff up. they would like to hurt a 70 year old woman.
happy guitar duet. listen to ocean by huh gak &amp; jeong eun ji on .
high-energy from this week's new music playlist, updated friday. listen to ! shh! by 9muses a on .
888-558-kdon
my number is (831)718-7438
i kinda do too but since i just blew $50 on sleeping mudkip... rip me. lol i have a passcase which i use as my wallet tho
of ousama purin
read it, no different than other third party deals.
read it , they say something and take it back. pretend its microsoft so you could be critical
why? because they left ny? they're champs now. deal with it
no because they are tools
i'm creating a think tank to discover smart cities, would you post your tweet also at ?
sorry. i am stretched out as far as i wish to be. you'll have to post my link. all the best.
hang out w me then
i know i'm sorry
"he nurtured the conspiracy like a poisonous flower, watering and feeding it..."
a lie is saying something you know is untrue. trump didn't know anything about obama was untrue..
i'm pretty sure he's not. the roman empire and thr jews woukd of loved to have his body and end christians.
except that rome became christian in the 4th century ad.
.: the greatest source of fuel for the birtherism in this country is the mainstream media.
i heard obama say he was born in kenya and his brother admits it
tomorrow or sunday maybe? you like wine tasting?
we like wine. tasting it is even better. tomorrow sounds good. //
both of the upper east side's trump supporters live in my building. ama
they are both elderly, eccentric white divorcees. one rides a bicycle around the city with tassels and a flower stuck in the handlebars.
"on november 8, you will decide whether we have a president who believes in science and will fight climate change-or not." -
screw climate change lets worry about americans who are suffering
read it, no different than other third party deals.
yosp should of said nothing, end of story
park tonight? we gotta make a pro am team too. i made a point guard.
i'm down for park
we need to open the floodgates once more.
we need to pillage a dining hall this weekend
we don't do that cus grocers are more productive. but still hard to say cus outside of cash economy there're no prices
but rich people do do this as a kind of labor intensive leisure, like michelle obama's vegetable garden.
my crazy talented buddies / occasional cowriters , and have a new song out:
thx ronan!
i just might be with the shits ive done halloween in ny for too many years
halloween here bores me. check your texts
thread of my fanart
-before i start this thread i would like to say that i got the ideas for some of these drawings from drawings i've seen on tumbr
high-energy from this week's new music playlist, updated friday. listen to ! shh! by 9muses a on .
i didn't like last week's new music picks from apple music, but this week's much better, imho.
i notice how woke twitter displays such an inconsideration for trans people's feelings.
i noticed that a lot of the people policing benny's dysphoria were cis.
imagen greg bird holding twin babies 2day
noooooooooo why
mountain mikes makes a pretty good one. they only seem to do it for sunday morning football though.
eh, that's not enough. i think it could be an everyday thing.
i find his temps and times are often wayyyy off for my oven. blame away!
i think i also need a larger bread pan. i wonder if i'm using a 9 inch when it should be 10. anyway it's gross in the oven now.
wrong on every level. they tortured christians there is no motive to believe a lie. motive is 9 10ths of law.
romans became christian in the 4th century.
sorry to keep you waiting. we will deliver as soon as we are in your area. ^mh
as we speak!!
any friends in the bay area want to watch the game at a sports bar tomorrow? looking at you
yes sir! i won't be around for the game itself (friend's engagement party), but before i'm there
why are so many people that leaked info or have ties to clinton's "committing suicide"?? her people killed them
that's a dumbass argument and conspiracy theory. stop reading brietbart and educate yourself
not sure what you mean by "unaccompanied," but i'm intrigued. care to elaborate?
just that even if you want to say it's in a class by itself, it comes packaged with other prejudices/delusions.
thanks for yesterday's workshop with . i've personally learned a lot. loved your gold and white dress ;)
it was an honor! i wore it for the snapchat
i don't see the correlation
lay in bed and shopping online is the only thing i can do right now lol
dead ass bro! he called french and told em
then it's time for a free max b remix
im seriously so sad right now
don't be sad
yea this sucks,i'm surprised at tam tho,she getting influence by loni,did jeannie unfollow too or she never did
she did after that tay's tweet rant a few weeks ago
do you wa- nvm
naw. finish your sentence
-before i start this thread i would like to say that i got the ideas for some of these drawings from drawings i've seen on tumbr
-but all the drawings in this thread are ones i've done on my own
i'm sorry to hear that
yeah, me too. he wrote a college recommendation for me.
i'm going to be insufferable if the tribe wins the division. just an fyi.
i mean you're just about there already lol
that's a great suggestion! she knows tablo's story &amp; i've shown her pics of haru who looks like my cousins daughter. so maybe
cool yeah! i think the concept of the show could be appealing to at least check out and maybe have a laugh some good clips:
lay in bed and shopping online is the only thing i can do right now lol
and which i shouldn't do because i don't have money lol
despite the fact most women do not have a uniform preference(as much as we want to believe they do)
i'm from a very tall family (despite being only average height). many of my super tall aunts have dated/married men my height.
"he nurtured the conspiracy like a poisonous flower, watering and feeding it..."
the 1 thing i know abt obama is he was born in hawaii...i don't know he wasn't an affirmative action student: you don't either
well fat ass - it was the roman emperor hadrian who illegally expelled the jews
i don't think a roman emperor could possibly do anything "illegally".
2) groundrules are that you cant mention the clintons or discuss anything other than the details and facts of yr plans and
he would have nothing to say except talk about himself &amp; how he alone can *fix everything !!!
i noticed that a lot of the people policing benny's dysphoria were cis.
idk why this still has to be said as cis people, we have no dictation on what is or isnt transphobic or dysphoric.
again. former washington bureau chief of mcclatchy.
sid told you in person. what a bunch of shit. nobody had ever told you anything, ever. you dream! you are nobody.
cool yeah! i think the concept of the show could be appealing to at least check out and maybe have a laugh some good clips:
celebrity dads take care of the kids by taking them to work and stuff for 48 hrs without the mother's usual help~~
really i think that messed her up with a lot of the younger voters.
yep especially minorities. she tried speaking spanish and it translated incorrectly
wilbur ross:"i don't think that hillary clinton has a clue, i really don't." on american trade policies.
she has no experience in wheeling and dealing just taking and giving
even ticketmaster had two different charts.. one with 4 sections and one with 6.
we have 4 sections (a-d). if you bought tix for row 3, you will be in row 3 for the section you purchased, see you 2nite!
fact: neighbor had a hand in 's classic clover club recipe:
5 tweets of this article in a 7 hour time span?! too much!
have a date tomorrow and for the first time i feel really good about it
good luck and hope it's a fun date
.'s disrespect for a pastor showed his contempt for women, african americans and the people of flint
will never learn we don't want him hillary clinton president
of course they did, but why is yoshida getting the brute of criticize for saying what everyone is saying?
don't throw someone under the bus, you know this. pretend phil said this lol reaction 10xs worse.
were cheering you on corey you deserve this win
i voted this morning
any friends in the bay area want to watch the game at a sports bar tomorrow? looking at you
regardless, we should grab a beer soon! you pick the place though, it's my first week here so i don't know the area yet haha
just misread this as "cherry garcia" and "chubby hubby" we're engaged.
ugh, not engaged. the opposite. graveyard.
passion of christ, strengthen me. 0 good jesus, hear me. within thy wounds, hide me. separated from thee let me never be.
from the malignant enemy, defend me. at the hour of death, call me. to come to thee, bid me. that i may praise thee...
it is so sad to me what an asshole this man proves himself to be each and every day. i am so sad for our country. how embarrassing.
i am with you andy! what will it take for these americans to see that he is playing them? see you nov. 30 in san francisco!
holy crap!! what is wrong with these trump fans??? harassing children? they are .
they are deplorable, angry, and hateful.
consider the dollar oyster
east coast ftw every time
good for nothing
that incident at the jmz essex stop this week caused by an off-duty officer assaulting mta employee
dream on lefty twat ain't you got some crap reggae to dance to
am right now, irie
what the hell is this twit validation stuff? i would assume it's to check if a twit is true.... hmmm? lol! just curious...
, it's supposed to help eliminate bots from your followers. , myself, &amp; others won't play, ymmv
100 gifts this makes me so happy homeboy deserves it all.
that's so kool in his 6 months of edkv namik is best
frankie. i make coffee in the morning. i pickup coffee on my way to work. i make coffee when i get to work.
you're an animal. how are you not dead?
i remember watching these episodes week to week, back in the day when it felt like me and other crime writers were the only ones watching.
i remember not being sold on the wire for the first four episodes but it really hooked me after that.
facts b i need my own section of the rosetta stone
fiz they don't even know half the shit i spew.. lames on my jock yuurd
mario lopez as zach in acl is so hot i'm overwhelmed
i was just watching that
idk why this still has to be said as cis people, we have no dictation on what is or isnt transphobic or dysphoric.
if a trans/ nb person is telling you that something is transphobic or makes them dysphoric, you dont argue with them, you listen.
how the f does apple maps know exactly where my car is?
because of how you were moving (like a car), then stopped, then started moving (like a person)?
"you've got to get yourself and everyone you know registered to vote today." -:
your future is controlled by the black people adn you support black lives matter. all the riots were cause of you
:-(( i miss my family but im gonna be okay
you'll be okay it'll get easier
hmmm...well thanks for informing me of this, wasn't aware of this
carla? little help here?
congrats, emily! what a way to end the week!
yay! thanks so much, tracey!
i didn't think anything of it and then i read through my tl and hadn't thought of that.
hell be fine
aaw is always up super fast though so no worries
last show was really in march??? six months ago???
okay you're decently close
oh yes!! am i seeing you tomorrow tho ? let know
please rt ! 4th annual macro conference friday 09/30 not too far from baltimore, md !!!
i would love to attend that!!!
i don't think a roman emperor could possibly do anything "illegally".
if judea was literally part of roman empire, rome thus had all rights.
"he nurtured the conspiracy like a poisonous flower, watering and feeding it..."
obama lied about who was released from guantanamo b/c he knew what he was saying was untrue...there're many liars, trump isn't 1
what is that from?
look out whitey black power gon get ya momma by john lester
what we saw today will be every day of a trump presidency. but with, you know, lives at stake.
can't wait!
i'll probably take the ferry in and then watch it around the stadium, unless we find a backer bar
oo okay that should work, keep me posted!
-but all the drawings in this thread are ones i've done on my own
-also some of these are from back in the beginning of 2015 when i started doing fanart (so they're not as good as newer ones)
your branch on montgomery st, sf - is disgracefully understaffed, always!
your branch on montgomery st, sf - is never open. the lousiest hours. closes 4pm mon-fri. respond please.
make sure you join us ladies. there's so much good information being shared. everyone is learning!
wait is it a whatsapp group?
no it was god himself casted u away to wilderness of desert. dummy fat ass.
this one is sort of tricky. in hosea 13:9, god destroys israel.
or: "i don't want to be bothered to learn, so i'm going to dump the ticket off on you with a halfhearted complement."
i'm an "expert" in printers, pcs, software, networking, multimedia and idevices. apparently. except i'm totally not. grr
"we have an opportunity to elect one of the most qualified people who has ever endeavored to become president." - on hillary
tust me you will not win and you will lose by a huge margin
if a trans/ nb person is telling you that something is transphobic or makes them dysphoric, you dont argue with them, you listen.
this is especially if you're cis. our duty is to listen and understand, not derail and police.
road cyclist. full kit. escalator up from tunnel in portland airport. had no idea cycling in airports was a thing.
ah the pacific northwest.
if you luv me baby get some money wit me ..
is that all hunnids or you just flexing with the one on top
are they in a high enough floor to remain unscathed from even-more-rapidly rising sea levels in a post-trump presidency?
they are 2nd &amp; 4th floor inhabitants, so probably safe from sea level rise, but not the judgment of their betters
does ios10 feel faster? it's mostly a trick: the animations have merely been sped up.
they're also interruptible now, so you're never waiting for them to finish to carry out an action.
how has that method worked for sean murray?
deflection , like i said , he shouldn't of thrown him under bus. could of went about it differently for sure
so where does that leave the citizenship?? i thought you were a citizen of where birth took place??
hilary herself did not say this &amp; obama has been unclear. michelle said kenya was his home country but what that mean?
i'm redoing the mshs sign on the front lawn! like tearing down the brick and new design and everything
oh shit! that's so cool and needs to be done. go you
at least he's getting consistently crazier.
someone quoted giuliani that khaddafy not threat to anyone outside libya, making him perfect for trump's homeland security.
wilbur ross: i don't think hillary clinton has a clue to understanding the economy.
hillary can't make a deal but she sure know how to steal
so this iphone 7+ ain't happening this weekend right? lol. when is the re-up?
i've gotta say, the online order + at-home activation was a breeze. just got mine set up. no plus for me tho
i really don't care for other people's kids
that's totally fair. a lot of ppl think their kids are a)more interesting b)less obnoxious than they are.
um, this is a thing?!
where is that?
having some sangria in 's honor. good person to follow if you're into tarot and spell work. had a great reading from her today.
thanks so much love! truly means a lot to me
jake quit pushing this you know hillarys campaign started this on 2008
i really can't watch most cable news as political hacks continue to blow out hot air
on national prisoners of war remembrance day, a pow shares what it means when trump insults veterans.
what exactly have you done for the vets. nothing
peters is good. we'll see
darby is better than peters and look what happened
if you were going to buy 3 clothing items this fall what would they be? shoes ok. feeling blah about my wardrobe &amp; need some inspiration.
if you're tall. duster length coat or vest...
trump punks the media | ap photo
i wish all media would teach him a lesson and stop reporting on him. is that so wrong?
i totally agree. anyone in bed with trump is aiding and abetting deplorable behavior.
notice that no one of significance is in bed w/ trump. rudi, chris christie... yuch
this one is sort of tricky. in hosea 13:9, god destroys israel.
however, at the time when israel existed, jews hadn't yet been invented.
since ad-hoc profiles a limited by the number of devices, what prevents you from adding as much uuids as you want?
it still runs through apple's backend. they validate the maximum number of registered devices.
that "guy" was the head of the washington bureau for mclatchy. educate yourself to whom that is. start thinking for yourself.
he "heard it" from a clinton hatchet man. however trump is still the public champion of the birther movement. just own it
hey! super cool work.
also: super cool work too. color work on point!
going out tonight for the first time in forever....i'm too old for this shit
right, everytime someone. asks to get dinner i say no because it's too much effort
what trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. apologize to the president, and to the american people.
why don't you own up to yours
": "cc wow,so honoured to be trained by bri and jill amazing leaders.
it was such an honor to work with you! we also never got to finish our talk during a break about everything- email me?
i am so sad i hate u right about now i want my photosssssss
like howwwww how does this happen!
lol wow he has a current girlfriend?
yea, they been together for like 4 years. she have a problem with it until she realized it was a true friendship
yeah. i was so sad because i didn't have the time to get it fixed. i had to figure something out at home.
that's awful!
what's your problem with 9 days? does it change anything, or are you just so desperate to find wrong with perfection?
if they knew who they were shooting at and he fell down and did not get back up, they should have known in 2 seconds.
faa contemplates possibility of millions of drones crowding u.s. skies
what happens when they crash on top of people and in to cars?
i got one, just can't cap...... too dumb :d
i was able to watch without premium with ice cream suicide, but yeah not hd.
trump says that because of clinton's stance on 2a her bodyguards should "disarm." then he adds "let's see what happens to her."
a bit harder to worm outta that one especially after his cruelness to media lately who are probably a bit bitter.
3 seconds away from caving in &amp; buying a cheeseburger
i bought the burger........i hate myself
however, at the time when israel existed, jews hadn't yet been invented.
in other words, jews never existed in israel. israel was pre-jews.
from the malignant enemy, defend me. at the hour of death, call me. to come to thee, bid me. that i may praise thee...
...in the company of thy saints, for all eternity. in the name of the father, the son, and they holy ghost. amen. j
the birther lie is what turned trump from an ordinary reality tv star into a political figure. that origin story can't be unwritten.
no it isn't
check my sc mel_brk
i don't have it so that's why i asked
if the media has any integrity, it'll refuse to cover trump for a week as a response 2 him tricking them 2 go live w/ his "press conf" 2day
absolutely but most are only concerned with ratings at the expense of our nation!
same!! man, this album brings back so many memories!!
makes want to watch the christmas episode of martin
"my iphone feels hot"-an ios 10 story
happening to me right now. can't even keep it in my pocket. burns my leg!
it's season! what are your favorites?
i love podcasts! favs: 's
have a great weekend!
likewise bro - i definitely would if i was all up on that fsho!
trump says clinton lacks the "energy" to be president. not treading lightly around stamina/health.
better to be light on stamina than light on intelligence.
trump has spent years peddling a racist conspiracy aimed at undermining the first african american president. he can't just take it back.
why is everything racist with you. you are just fueling the fire
it's season! what are your favorites?
what are yours??
oh jeez corey's been smart all season - i hope he didn't do anything not-so-smart at the jrt you people have me worried
one good thing it will show corey cares about nicole to america maybe not so much crap
belmont park
yea! i guess that's the plan
this is especially if you're cis. our duty is to listen and understand, not derail and police.
the fact that ya'll were trying to make this into a matter of aave was repulsive and inconsiderate.
. my iphone is constantly scorching hot after the ios10 update. please advise me on how to resolve.
same with my. burning. did you find out how to fix?
the president never put forward a real plan to fix the , and our veterans are paying the price.
my uncle has valet parking when he goes to his va hosp in florida. that happened under obama. he has awesome care.
although trump didn't apologize for his birther crusade, it got me thinking about how much we value apologies for racism. too much, i fear.
apologies for slavery seem to be the most common ones we see, which have their value to some. but to me, it's the easy way out.
aw thank you my precious bean :~)
love u i'll be there to see visit you guys once the 6 weeks is over :-)
deduction author!
this was supposed to say "dedicated"!
nation's largest police union endorses trump: "we're proud to make a commitment to him"
they lost their freaking mind!!
incoming transmission://-- &gt;chrlmnge~&lt;access denied&gt;!siva threat!~// em:bxrisns now hf: yusre?! ~~&lt;twrgrntd&gt;// &lt;infected//~~corruptedfile~&gt;
what's that from?
how do you drink wine out of a wine glass?
firmly grasp it, pinky out.
happy birthday wyatt!! party hard
thanks bailey
this shouldn't have to be said: you don't just get to say someone else did the worst things you've done. it doesn't work. no one buys it.
no and you should practice what you preach
phil has had plenty of opportunities over the last 3 years to try to shift the blame to his partners
yep , sometimes i wanted him too, but phil rises above this shit. you are better off doing that anyway
mode media, publisher and ad network formerly known as glam &amp; once valued at $1b, shuts down
not the last
media jump gun on branding claim on birther role 'false'
has never once,not one time,ever told the truth in at least eight years.we are to believe he produced a legit certificate?
never forget: trump led a racist lynch mob &amp; got 5 youths wrongfully convicted in the centralpark jogger case. they spent 6-13yrs in prison!
i feel so bad for you and your friends. the more you tweet, the more desperate you seem. the public are sheep. let it go.
wtf? in what context? whats this about??
a rally in miami.
yea, they been together for like 4 years. she have a problem with it until she realized it was a true friendship
and his girl and his ex became friends
i am celebrating 6 months sober so i can't!!! lol
congrats!!!
my whole music collection disappeared smdh i'm bout to start buying cds again... don't trust the streaming movement
i copped another vinyl today finally, the spot by me just had reggae and soca shit
ik he said he takes the train every day i am living
so now not only do i have to look for rangers on the train but i have to look for ref too
wait, dave are you referring to soccer or football players being out?
american football, not futbol
is the guy on the right wearing a cardboard face mask?
dunno. but these guys could certainly use a drink
no homos in our crowd unlike you lefty faggots
i have to go to work you hippy wannabes
therefore, anyone who says they aren't a feminist isn't for equality. and to me that's very dangerous.
i'm a feminist, but "anyone who isn't a feminist isn't for equality" proves his point. you demonize non-f's.
oh that is gorgeous. sadly i'm not a size 4.
sigh, me either
what's the christian equivalent of islamophobe?
...wow...yeah, i never thought of that. interesting.
when trump tries to deflect blame for denying that was born in america, he is lying.
with all the lies you told and are still telling you really can't say a word about trump
is it bad when you set out to do a meditation and fall asleep during?!?!?
i say to that - sleep is the truest form of meditation
i didn't like last week's new music picks from apple music, but this week's much better, imho.
another good song to work to. listen to fantasy by fei on .
mar and prash. are you liking the 5 day format or do you prefer 3?
i was praying to god it will be 7 day format.
it's only 3 hunnids in the stack lolol
i respect the honesty
i completely forgot that i have to wear clothes during my engagement photoshoot. also don't know what i'm doing with my hair.
tasteful nudes of you two would definitely be a break from tradition...
leading the birther movement is deplorable. attempting to say it "did a great service" to the president who trump attacked is asinine.
it started with "hillary's mafia"
i can't tell if this is one thing or if you just forgot to put commas in this tweet.
one thing. send asap
apologies for slavery seem to be the most common ones we see, which have their value to some. but to me, it's the easy way out.
clearly, trump's campaign not only sought to bury the birther issue. they thought 27 seconds is all they needed to accomplish that.
in other words, jews never existed in israel. israel was pre-jews.
jews seem to first appear in palestine during the neo-babylonian empire.
if will lie about the president of the united states, how can anyone believe a word that comes out of his big mouth?
normal people don't believe him. he doesn't even know when he's lying.
i'm sure i'm the only person on the planet who feels this way, but i feel bad for the ~260k wf honest employees
i feel bad for the honest employees as well, which is why the execs that rewarded dishonesty should go away empty handed.
adult coloring books...
what does that mean? coloring pictures of people in cubicles or paying bills? lol
aaw? they ran just two weeks ago and it's been up!
then what the hell is and why is their most recent show from march???
oh my god the man across from me on the train is facetiming with his girlfriend and telling him how much he cares for her. im melting.
i'm only 34% sure he's not the main character from a romance film and i'm just chilling in the seat across from him.
i have nothing to wear :(
girl, you could wear a potato sack and slay!i'm sure you'll find something by tomorrow. see you there!
i am sad you have no yak for y. airports are generally, tragically, lacking in yak.
she feels the yak lak.
he wld have to win first (to lower the bar) it wld be a bigger insult to the majority electorate who voted for him
i meant that any clown could now run for president because americans nominated djt for president.
2/2 now refusing to refund the extra charge. what's the recourse when charged w/o consent? ?
can't you refuse the charge through your credit card company since they don't have proof of approval/authorization from you?
chick-fil-a
thats what they want you to think
but shouldn't the fact that they are signed stop you? i meant changing them should invalidate the signature.
provisioning profiles are signed?
yeah, if we concealed our dildos we'd be fine. yeah, it's also illegal to "brandish" a legally carried gun. we know.
this is a symbolic challenge to values. if cockzilla and i were walking in public next to an open carrier, who'd get a complaint first?
park jimin of bts #
kim taehyung of bts #
my dad was born in poland. do you know how many people ever asked me whether or not i was born in america? nobody ever asked me that.
who cares. you ar nothing but a traittor to your own supporters
it is almost as if the senior leadership just upgraded from blackberrys to iphones and were like "fuck, our app sucks"
haha yes. still better than hdfc's sad excuse for an app, though
donald trump has spent years peddling lies about president obama. and that didn't stop today.
don't you both lie sometimes ? isn't that being a politician today?
me: trump hotel cab driver: whats going on there? me: he's supposed to say obama was born here cab: and get publicity for his new hotel.
funny how a cab driver is smarter than all the press
add me to the group brother: lawson williams
couldn't find you. look up sports bettors forum and send a request
man !! that's what i'm saying tho lol. atlease i know i'm not the only one that thinks this way.
i never take my jeep through cruz thru! or any other machine car wash at that. they're not messing my car up shoot!
had to re-read - 1st read as "sexiest" pig. 1st thought: psychiatric evaluation needed.
it happens. . .the miss read. . .glad you ultimately got it
congrats!!!
thank you so much, julie!
i think i just walked through every spider web in the woods. now i'm going to feel like something crawling on me the rest of the day.
hate that feeling!!
when u feel like ur getting sick so you consume as much vitamin c as possible
"so adam, orange you glad everyone's into you?" ::adam looks forlorn, but can't respond verbally thanks to an orange slice::
"let's reject the cynicism, the bullying, and the divisive rhetoric that my opponent is using to try and make us all afraid of each other."
why don't you just do that
headed into &amp; passed a plane on the tarmac surrounded by dozens of police cars. i should get a burger &amp; not a salad, right?
definitely go for the burger.
can't address my claim? time for gifs
because it's that irrational &amp; bigoted. instead of empathy towards citizens affected by current institutional racism, you
jews seem to first appear in palestine during the neo-babylonian empire.
this seems to be the origin of jews:
your branch on montgomery st, sf has the lousiest hours. closes 4pm mon-fri. it's not a sunday in the 50's! respond please.
all two of your staff in your montgomery st, sf branch are actually rather lovely. why are you good in the uk and awful in the us?
i take it no one wants to go with me to a pop culture con in merced tomorrow
i'm behind on my crime column otherwise i'd be tempted.
breitbart is sooo far right that it can't be defined as news. often very deceptive. twisting story
can't expect much from a company who hired milo yiannopoulos. it's like a kkk rally without the hoods
what happened to the solindra 2 billion dollars???
what happened 5th 2 billion she gave to the muslim brotherhood? ??
the state of 's industry
appreciate this but the journalists here let him talk and talk and talk. good journalists must be adversarial w/ powerful
not billions worth of trade though is it?
who could deny the inward investment-pulling power of this lovely parker knoll showroom
based on what? if the situation is the same, you get the same reaction.
situation isn't the same, phil doesn't do this to his partners, sorry you can't see the point lol
tonight's video is rendering right now! will be with you asap!
how are you siva fying your twitter logo?
tmw the company who forgot to send you parts the first time, sends them months late... and to the wrong state!!!! how?!?!?!?!?!?
an intentional hatred of their customer base?
ya name being "max e" before today was some illuminati shit i swear lol
nigga i dead fucked wit max since like 2010 niggas dont know
donald trump is unfit to be president. we just can't accept this. we've got to stand up to this. if we don't, it won't stop.
yyou are unfit to be president especially after selling america out so you could be very rich
woke up to mom announcing she's adopting another husky, this one from iraq. empty nest?
tell her wrong breed. better to go with a canaan. they're the natives.
no taker sour vp losercuban is nuisance! throw him under thebus!
stop exposing ur stupidity john! you have a dead mosquito brain!
remember when we were eating meatballs in williamsburg.
i was there
unbelievable!!!!
it truly summarizes how we feel. this is a fight for the hardworking people of america we've been forgotten.
amazing stat from today's launch: we're only 1% human. rest of our genome is bugs.
congrats on the launch! exciting!
here's 4 things i recommend you watch for october.
i would sell a kidney for a complete unsolved mysteries box set
this seems to be the origin of jews:
as you can see, israel no longer existed at that time.
idk. it doesn't even affect me now. but if i stop i get migraines so bad i can't open my eyes.
i just do like 12-16 oz every morning. then like once a week maybe a cold brew in the afternoon.
clearly, trump's campaign not only sought to bury the birther issue. they thought 27 seconds is all they needed to accomplish that.
today's trump charade will have many claiming not only that birtherism is buried, but that we're too sensitive if we keep mentioning it.
for your prize, please email your name, number, and twitter handle to promotions.com.
for your prize, please email your name, number, address &amp; twitter handle to promotions.com.
regardless where obama was born he's still un-american &amp; so is hillary for that matter. .
blowhard says what?
i really don't recall any previous presidential election in my lifetime when a candidate wished violent harm on an opponent
me neither. why isn't he being called out on this?
daddyface got coffee from . no coffee for me though, hmm...
whoops! thought u wd secretly lick coffee from daddyface's hands once it cools mayb will pour some in lid
i'm on the rooftop with brian and a couple comes up. he literally asks me "do you think they're gonna fuck up here"
omfg!! only brian would say something like that!!!
i been listening to this album all week on repeat and i'm still not tired of it
listen to cilvia demo bro please
"the american people deserve something to vote for, not just against." -hillary
do you even realize what you say. you are so stupid
very excited to have accepted a new position with ! i'll now be the arena marketing manager. looking forward to this new position!
so, you gonna be coming over to the creamery?
got any good wisdom teeth videos?
if you mean the entire series of 'supernatural', then yes. ;)
i'm feeling hot, angry, tired, upset, anxious, frustrated, helpless, hopeless...
i'm everything on the list except hot. i'm trying to talk myself out of the rest
he's not. i was pointing out the sdf absolving them of any responsibility.
according to huvi he did nothing wrong. he is a bit of a fanboy tho and views are clouded on subject of sony
gia told me if you get your left nostril pierced it means you're a lesbian so idk what to do cause it's gonna look weird on the right side
my left is pierced, who gives a shit
"my mediocre son didn't get into an ivy where is admissions so i can blame racial minorities for his shortcomings"
i'm gonna write an essay on college confidential i'm so angery!!!
the 25 most disturbing horror movies of all time
all great films for a first date
i don't think a roman emperor could possibly do anything "illegally".
i might contend that jews were the ones doing things "illegally".
trump's habit of projecting his actions onto someone else is what 6-year-olds call "i know you are, but what am i?"
- the only thing you can do is lie and talk bullshit about - you have nothing to run on..just more bullshit
when ur man goes out
but she's hit
aww :( - mine is a lot better thanks... just taking it easy. the diazepam helped a lot
my anti-epileptics used to stop my spasms in my neck and back, but don't anymore. bleh. :)
i got right on a train after that though. i think it might use bt pairing in addition to movement.
oh. ya. didn't think of that one since we only just got it on our car. that would be clever.
...in the company of thy saints, for all eternity. in the name of the father, the son, and they holy ghost. amen. j
for the sake of his sorrowful passion have mercy on us &amp; the whole world. to the sacred heart of our lord of lords; king of kings.
this kushad has no idea on how to drive and i think he popped a tire
oh i thought he messed up the engine lmao
live over at playing with and his clan mates and fucking with our controls
guardians it's a rough time in crucible wait didn't i mean to look up ... of god why did i throw a grenade... destiny is drunk!!!
i imagine so! haha i'm sure you handled it great, i would just die
it was real hard not to just start spewing facts i know about his life haha
&amp; my manager refused to put a sign outside to let customers know so u know how many angry ppl i had to w so early in the morning
that's so stupid why didn't she put up a sign??! she wasted everyone's morning run
i've been telling you that!!!
it's too expensive tho 2 things for $90
do you know where they post the group photos from the meet &amp; greets?
no idea. my guess would be each bands social media sites.
replace one lie with another: " admits obama was born in u.s., but falsely blames clinton for starting rumors"
... birther, bigot, racist, flip/flopper, liar, ...
its on the 'female' soccer team so im giving it the benefit of the doubt
is moochelle obama on it also?
smarter then your needle dick self.
maybe she should ask you to "proof" it?
oh fuck! can i not listen and charge at the same time now?!
there are ugly adapters that y-split the lightning cable into 2 cables, but then you need yet another (free) adapter to do aux.
you guys i just sang a note sneezed and burped all at the same time- who wants to publish this?
still better than coldplay.
what problems did it cause?
when you change it (in osx) - it creates a whole new user account for you with default setup, and empty folders
like all presidential blunders, the government will do nothing about the latest presidential plagiarism in nigeria.
buhari just put out a statement apologizing for the flub. pretty amazing to see a politician apologize
both balls were easy as hell. tigers 4-2 sounds about right.
i don't remember the ws games that much, but i still have strong memories of watching all the 84 nlcs games with my brother.
i expected 500k-1m on average with 10m total
yikes, that would have been pretty close to the live tv numbers. 2mil is a good start.
where is my food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my pants !!!!!
opportunity by amber tamblyn go !!!
this is great. i have to share with
metal gear rising is annoyingly difficult.
every metal gear is annoying difficult.
what are men even
also if smm was willing to say that in front of you imagine what he says in the company of men
this is a symbolic challenge to values. if cockzilla and i were walking in public next to an open carrier, who'd get a complaint first?
and re: campus *concealed* carry-- concealing your gun doesn't make it any less acceptable in public spaces. this detail is so insubstantial
costa the liar. it is well documented that hillary's associates started birtherism.
lol, robert, what is it like to write an article that shook the world? today was the hrc reboot tx to
editors don't have anything to do with that business of a newspaper
sure they do. they are product managers.
is there a book in translation that you would recommend?
natasha wimmer's translation of sudden death
marc cuban offers donald trump $10 million for favorite charity for a 4 hour interview...we discuss next your thoughts
should accept and pledge the $10 million to an urban charter school to enlarge enrollment. major impact.
or maybe trump wants to stop talking about his long held racist birther views
when are you going to speak of hillary's role in all of this?
can't address my claim? time for gifs
ignore them for a bigoted, xenophobic, paranoid fantasy.
if yosp said no comment, or praised the sales of game, you honestly think u guys would be ok with it???
don't deflect dude , he shouldn't of thrown the guy under bus. end of story
jews had lived in area before going down to egypt &amp; being enslaved 4 centuries
jews were never enslaved in egypt. i don't know where u are getting this "info".
nation's largest endorses donald trump, calls him 'a proven leader'
hey gov christie promised cops hed never touch their pension. ha! turned on them within a month and reduced pensions.
((hugs)) i'm here if you need to talk
same here. my solution at the moment is dragonfly in amber audio book &amp; a blankie lol
is bound today! lots of clips up this week on
have a wonderful trip, concert, and shopping! wish i could be there!
or even a healthy ankle
haha i guess although i don't need a healthy ankle to enjoy myself at a bar
facebook view counts are borderline fraudulent.
yeah, they don't report max concurrent. just a fat total with no context.
late nights in boston
oops i double tapped
does that mean there's no more airplay for you?
have a sonos plus airplay via apple tv.
yoshidashouldve said its on us,we should have stepped in&amp;helped our partner,we'll do better next time
yep exactly
thank you for this
i knew you'd like it
ugh, i guess the pain got used to them? :(
dunno. back/neck/spine injuries are no fun. i had osteoporosis by the time i was 23. crohns is awesome. :)
why are and talking about birther issues. it's not relevant to the future. our politicians are just sad.
birther issue is racist nonsense trump ran with it forced to defend it up
trump's habit of projecting his actions onto someone else is what 6-year-olds call "i know you are, but what am i?"
- are destroying the fabric of god in our country -
ugh, i guess the pain got used to them? :(
sorry to hear you're doing poorly too, princess. :(
trump says clinton is against 2nd amendment, jokes about disarming her bodyguards: 'let's see what happens to her'
trump wants me to vomit and panic. not sure which first, maybe together.
finally puts to rest questions over 's birthplace. has more @ 9 on the "birther" controversy
i think you're only credible person on that channel left. please don't let him keep getting away with this garbage.
trump: "by the way, is there any place more fun than being at a trump rally? you tell me." cc , ,
getting a root canal? receiving a colonoscopy? waterboarding at guantanamo?
omg where did u get this and why do i look heartbroken fucjhdi
someone sent it to me from ur snapchat im crying
actually i said there's no such thing as distinctive jewish dna or palestinian
i wouldn't even know what "jewish dna" is.
donald trump should be arrested for actively advocating the assassination of a presidential candidate.
except that's not what he has done... overdramatic much?
wrong and you know it.
batshit crazy with alleged psychic powers. sounds like a new cbs crime drama.
it's an honor just to be nominated
you wouldn't be interested in the rodeo would you?
what my 2-year-old said: "watch caillou." what i heard: "set the tv on fire."
immediately if not sooner
there's a dude at soma who appears to be on a date and he's smoking a pipe i bet his date is having a good time talking to him
i laughed very hard at this. like very hard
the media has gotten away with far too much over the years, we need a to sue 50 million at $4 each!
i got 4 bucks can we sue trapper for ignorance?
yeah, they don't report max concurrent. just a fat total with no context.
also, counting reply views - so i don't know what to make of fb video stats.
oh fuck! can i not listen and charge at the same time now?!
($30) + ($free, included with the phone)
it's time! and are here!
sorry tim, your partners are letting you down. lots of us aren't getting our phones delivered today.
trump says "the next president much stand in solidarity with all people oppressed in our hemisphere."
does trump know mexico is in this hemisphere?
"the fear of death follows from the fear of life. one who lives life fully is prepared to die at any time."
ok but what if living your life fully includes caring for vulnerable dependents (kids)? then can you legit be afraid of dying?
just 4 more days left . almost sold out.
baltimore...too far away for me. wishing you all the best!!! can't wait to see where the next chapter your career will take you!
her blood pressure hasn't even moved!! what a freaking champ
like 49% of the country is looking to her to literally save american democracy, that must suckkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
where is my food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
in my pants !!! k bye
i just published "my top 20 dreamforce people i hope will share this post"
for next year i'd suggest an additional bottom 20 to round things out.
favorite site confirms started the crap back in '08
didnt drag on 4 months though; did. rather see even in wh
the watermelon wasn't region locked to the us only.
good point :/
my curls are poppin and the weather in atlanta is beautiful boo
u moved babe ?
anti tea party, bernie, hrc and trump--need a leader to unite non-lunatic part of country- none in sight
standard agitprop. do all of u get identical talking points? run for office urself if ur sincere! &lt;crickets&gt;
how's your birthday going? where the hoes at
ehhh shit terrible right now
yeah well she likes me more soo
sorry kevin that's a fact
where did you buy the furniture? i want to steal that sofa. and everything else!
ahahah! the sofa we reused from the old space
actually, mainstream christianity does see israel as the holy land &amp; jews belonging there.
you are wrong. the holy land is christian holy land, and certainly not "jewish".
well, we both live in the same state and it isn't even a state.
we all support more attention to partnership taxation in presidential campaigns.
thank you for confirming what i already knew.
that you are a fanboy ? lol ok thanks for coming into my tweet defending something that shouldn't be defended
thatgirlondeck on deck!! (mets side this time)
view challenged
just 5.7% of clinton foundation budget went to charity...
the rest went to her campaign and pockets. they claim the hire people to do good but where is the list?
stone farking wheaton sriracha bacon stout
reminder that this is the same shitty brewery that made beer using yeast found in an employee's beard
oh right you can call my guy hitler but you can't defend your shitty candidates obviously hitler like polices.
i can't help but hear this as a whiny child upset abt something he/she doesn't understand.
anyone else try to pair their apple watch with a new iphone, select to restore from backup, and get stuck after agreeing to the terms page?
i paired my new watch with my old iphone and it froze for maybe 30 secs. something's up on that dumb screen.
really? the goonies isn't a kids movie?
goonies top ten, still holds up
and re: campus *concealed* carry-- concealing your gun doesn't make it any less acceptable in public spaces. this detail is so insubstantial
the idea is that neither of these objects belong in public, but only one will do damage in the hands of poorly trained, paranoid civilians.
am i missing the point of this?
the point of changing from adhoc to appstore?
but how would you know that in advance? we should decide in advance every trump event shouldn't be live?
learned helplessness. sad!
that's so scary - i've learned my lesson + will never b an asshole + take an entire edible like i'm not the size of a child.
i took two that day, cause i didn't feel the first one. lesson learned. graduated. masters class and all that. never again.
idea 4 2017 free cocktails! in the budget ?
we can always work on finding a sponsor!
hell on earth
the phone case. where.
actually, mainstream christianity does see israel as the holy land &amp; jews belonging there.
as i said, god destroyed israel in hosea 13:9, so your tweet is nonsensical.
hillary aims at voters drifting toward third party insult us for over a year, then woo us? doesn't work that way.
she has insulted us over her whole career. i volunteered for obama in 2008 just so hillary would not be the candidate.
ok. this could be the tv project i've wanted for mary elizabeth winstead for years.
u didn't love brain dead?
trump says "the next president much stand in solidarity with all people oppressed in our hemisphere."
why only in our hemisphere? can't help but divide people.
excuse you? most black folks are kidnap victims, not immigrants. christ.
what did the tweet say?
ah i'm used to it.raising funds in stream to replace the chair that is broken and likely not helping haha!
i've been sitting on a $15 wooden chair from ikea for a year almost. lol. no good for spine or butt. :p
my article on enabling fuckery as a black person &gt; "black people, don't be a "black friend"
this is so important. i'm glad you wrote it.
because i didn't see it until now? you should both have it framed. great shot.
i already got it tattooed to my face
people who take instagram stories of text: i can't read that damn fast!
fortunately you can tap to pause if you're quick enough. or tap the left side to go back if your not. :)
sorry kevin that's a fact
not even the smallest bit surprised
actually, mainstream christianity does see israel as the holy land &amp; jews belonging there.
the bible never says that jews "belong" in the christian holy land.
this is the most amazing thing!!! should i read the rest of it?
i actually just finished it a moment ago! totally imaginative, funny and thoughtful little book. you should definitely read it!
it's a bustling place!!
yep got lucky and made the transition to a lirr in 3 mins... off to babylon
liberals love the first amendment until you say something they don't agree with.
could say the same about your supporters.
why have none of my ny friends told me about ?
omg, i almost took a photo of one of their cars with the "juno" sign yesterday to send to you! but it was moving too fast.
live on : getting ready for thunder in the bay...
- lol - i was there. you all r funny, but anointed. :)
just cast my vote for america's favorite house guest!
i like you kevin, but i cannot support you in this decision
except native americans &amp; those who were forced here, we are all immigrants. justice demands a welcoming path to citizenship for immigrants.
it's going to cost us billions do you have that kind of money?
i have to call a spade a spade! is a piece of shit! advanced the movement!
didnt drag on 4 months though did. rather see even in wh
today's trump charade will have many claiming not only that birtherism is buried, but that we're too sensitive if we keep mentioning it.
racism is america's foundational dilemma. and too often, we see people acting like an apology is recompense. it's a beginning, if anything.
where's the best place in crown heights to get a sandwich that i'll be ashamed to eat?
have you been to endless summer sandwich?
is it really that shocking? end of the day, it's not their game, don't care what type of pr bs sony pulled
yep cause it's sony
if you claim not to fwm, don't hit me up for no favors
some coworkers just hella fake
here is your 23 to take on tonight! where in the world will you be watching?
california!
i'm an old man who has poor digital literacy. that's all.
, you gotta be careful, never know when something isn't what it seems.
idk who started the concept of cartoon parrots enjoying tropical drinks and partying but let me tell you im a big fan of it
i hope it was
and every psycho looking to make a quick buck is gonna crawl out of the woodwork..give it up, woman.
ahh more more hits, more mafia style attacks. powell said it, clinton mafia, watch out.
tell me again about how trump supporters aren't idiots.
same with new mexico
just heard that dismisses in one sentence, the filthy lie he pounded us with for 8 yrs, that pres. obama wasn't born here!
thank hillary for starting that back in 08'
what is this guy wearing?
they're telling you it's been a wild week.
at work reppin' my pride! 10 days until the first debate!
yessss!
this is a symbolic challenge to values. if cockzilla and i were walking in public next to an open carrier, who'd get a complaint first?
and re: campus *concealed* carry-- concealing your gun doesn't make it any more acceptable in public spaces. this detail is so insubstantial
kim namjoon of bts #
yoonmin ship in bts (i messed up on it and that's what it ended up as) #
thanks to both of you cause now i got the timestamps too lol
ready for another tribute charlie
will call is from 5-8pm tonight. opens again at 8am tomorrow.
perfect. thank you!
hi martini! :)
hey annmarie!
rt: an outrage! all american citizens must force this bill.
figures. if it was a bill that said you have to release every emails you've ever written, that would've flown thorough.
did you see the video of michelle saying they visited obama's home country in kenya?
yes. it took 3 years to get it. average time to produce a certificate 2 hours,if lost 1 month. and has drawn this out?
great news! you can write in my name in texas!
and new york!
and re: campus *concealed* carry-- concealing your gun doesn't make it any more acceptable in public spaces. this detail is so insubstantial
the idea is that neither of these objects belong in public, but only one will do damage in the hands of poorly trained, paranoid civilians.
kind of curious how's the polling going to look in the next few days. if this theory is right, clinton should rebound.
i think hrc will rebound a little anyway as flughazi gets forgotten
the bible never says that jews "belong" in the christian holy land.
the bible says that jews killed jesus. other than that, jews are irrelevant in christianity.
then i 'pulled' it by bending down to put my son's socks on him (he's only 2.5yrs old)
i've got 3 fractured vertebrae from a series of seizures about 2 years ago. never healed right.
amazingly, the film's synopsis on imdb pretends it's based solely around the fight. that's incredibly misleading.
so if they're not even marketing the white lead what was the point?
what's gonna happen to us?
. february is a sort of dog whistle that signals complete ignorance of when inauguration day happens.
i'm told by a credible source "no, everyone is fine"
well, there you go then.
is banks going to give us her full album already or just keep giving us these singles?!
i legit don't like waiting. and when there's not just one album, you have to create a playlist...c'mon.
the trump team is literally putting lipstick on a pig. previously he was an authentic liar. now he is just a liar. about everything.
yes. news media is trying to normalize or rationalize &amp; it can't be. plain and simple, you are right, liar &amp; the most demonic.
whos comin to the bronx tonight for my show i havent slept in 5 years im ready to rage
can i come tweet info
yoonmin ship in bts (i messed up on it and that's what it ended up as) #
kim taehyung of bts #
one thing i'm worried about w/ this podcasting venture is doing shows with both irl people and via skype &amp; the skype shows missing something
um, killed it on skype this week, brother
if you fancy a nibble &amp; a local wine eno wines near union sq is quite nice for now. just use yelp it's fab the mission is
thank you! will try and check them out :-) my feet are knackered already from all the walking we are doing so a bike sounds
g1 group but never had a name any ideas
so my dad tells me that i should write about transformers getting
if someone has a life hack for how to cook bacon, please send help.
line a pan with aluminum foil and bake that sweet porky goodness
appeared in my kitchen when i got home
wow! it looks very tasty! i wish gets inspired by this sometime soon
then i 'pulled' it by bending down to put my son's socks on him (he's only 2.5yrs old)
my neck is just basically rubble held together by ligaments at this point. heh. i'm 40 going on 80.
israeli occupation forces attacking elderly palestinians trying to help shot &amp; injured palestinian in hebron
ustax$ used by israel in nefarious behaviors, really just an abomination all the way, can't emphasize enough
tried renting from ? they are my go-to for texts.
thank you so much for this!!! its saved me!
lmfao asked my mom if he could show her a good time and she said "you wouldn't know what to do with me" omgggggg
and people wonder why i'm so sassy, i get it from her
you can't cancel ea access from your one console. only through the web. whose fucking terrible idea was that?
microsoft's
on my way. i am at the port authority bus terminal.
let me know if it's a good spot
where did u get that hat 4real
nintendo world nyc!!
why not use an ellipsis for this icon? it's not collapsing anything. and ios now seems to expect an ellipsis.
yeah, very good point. makes no sense.
is banks going to give us her full album already or just keep giving us these singles?!
ps thoughts on tove lo's "cool girl?" and go!
($30) + ($free, included with the phone)
that 1st one is yugly
we're sorry for any confusion, our trip insurance is through a third party. take a look here for info:
yeah, and it doesn't cover anything. at check out it tacked it on and highly suggested i purchase the insurance.
aaaand is running an 8-minute hit piece on , utterly disregarding 2007 dem planner penn's memo...
didnt drag on 4 months though; did rather see even in wh
but if he manages to stay upright, it will be seen as a huge win.
not anymore the media was played &amp; their ego won't allow it
switched auto insurance company &amp; cut my payments in half. looks like the wardrobe just got a monthly investment boost.
the gecko got to you!!
yep, went and bought play-doh for friday night party at my house.
did you get the accessories? can you make play doh hair or spaghetti?
yeah it's very easy. talked me into a 7+ i can't go back now lol
y'all be needin that big ass phone for work tho. the camera will be too nice. i don't have pocket space for all that
i've been here for 6 hours now. congrats on a very smooth launch
aaaaand it's all working now (we'll see how many duplicate charges i have now). total time: 7h 45 min. price: free case and $200 gift card.
also it's a crime that i'm not hanging out with rn
yes the hell it is
beautiful. why so many women are still being taught to base their self-worth on others via
yes,this is quite good and calls to mind what and talk about in .
as my to tech journalism, plz enjoy this photo i found in our cms from when i was an intern
that's the google glass that was (in)famously smashed
just dropped from one of our favorite lets us know what you think about it !!!
i knew he was a fellow scorpio with those lyrics in his music!!
you're going to jail
ah shit this gonna be us at twitchcon
good at night i like avb bar &amp; there's a good thai near there quite cheap too. you gotta go golden gate park &amp; ride bikes
a good idea been to alcatraz today, just had to have a look. x
it was wonderful meeting you and thank you so much for coming! i would love to have that conversation...
it meant so much to me for you to let the girls have their anger...
can totally recommend the noble gaming chair. expensive but worth it!
when my next kickstarter gets me a couple million bucks, i'll put it in my mansion. ;-)
this just gets me so so hyped for october!! gaaaah just around the corner! who's comingggg????
i would be if you were coming to the u.s.
let's do this
i fully support this movement
if you don't know what to get me for christmas...
i'm not kidding
getting to some fashion with fashion blogger/tv producer from on w/ on
thanks for having me ladies!!! always a blast.
during the 20th century, a ghastly illness was almost a presidential prerequisite
and he put a man on the moon, while barry put a man in the ladies toilet
thats awesome. i want it xd i need to go there too!
the concert was amazing
i've been loving it since day 1!!
it's been on repeat today! haha
taking you up on your offer! should a database child_added event trigger an auth().onauthstatechanged event?
nope. only initial auth state, logins, and log outs.
lose, cry and never show your faces to the public again.
is that how u think elections work? those whose candidate loses stay home 365/24/7? is this ur 1st one?
mercury in retrograde! had a french onion soup incident on my iphone and having communications/connecting troubles at work!?!
. story of my life.
are you going to the gala?
hmm, haven't thought about it. maybe. i'll keep you updated if i do? are you going?
thx moonspellpecado tonight dope is in spokane, wa @...
dude .... that's shredding to the extreme right there
kim taehyung of bts #
lee taemin of shinee
g1 group but never had a name any ideas
married and having kids this was me
see anything you need?
your pussy licked baby
plus the cost of the phone? you paid for the phone?
yes of course.
my rice cooker is my best friend and dear to my heart because i can't burn rice if it cooks it for me
oh i can pan-fry chicken to put over rice too.
it's a fantastic livestream production anecdote for my future convention panel: horror stories of streaming
technical difficulties are the best
did you hear the 80s sounding one on soundcloud ?
listening rn and really liking it
sneaking food into the movies is just part of going u don't get the full experience unless ya sweating hoping they don't notice ya chips
the theater i used to go to with family has a burger king literally right next to it so we would sneak in cheap burgs
"i'm going to sit at regina's desk and see what it's like to be prom queen" cc:
resting bitch face is a real life issue
my very formal note from me, age 8, to my sister, age 4. cc:
"don't get in toch with me"
i think ios 10 is pretty cool
(sent with gentle effect)
we could all use a reminder that freedom must be defended in principle &amp; as an absolute. like this breathtaking film.
how suitable for children (10 and 13 but very mature).
hillary's rallies start and end with trump no policy in between. yet dems wld rather lose with hillary than win with bernie
oh ffs stop with the lies please.
gmail supports media-queries as of yesterday.
i guess my joke isn't funny anymore, if it ever was.
lee taemin of shinee
min yoongi of bts #
ivanka will be on tomorrow afternoon with to discuss america's working families plan. be sure to watch!
isn't that a wife's job, not a daughter's job? or are you his wife?
i wana make music then dance with you
yes yes yes!!!!! i fully support this collab
trump never gets in trouble for the terrible things that tumble out of his pie hole b/c each statement blunts the awfulness of the other
it's like the simpsons episode where mr. burns can't die b/c too many diseases try to get into his body at once but end up blocking the door
just recorded an emergency diner podcast with and . guess whose meal was whose.
harry had the bowl of butter and syrup?
just to remind you all folks! u r welcomed 2 exchange ur ideas. but no hatred
i'm not the one claiming that jews "have a right" to palestine.
it's a big deal to you cuz it's sony. don't front.
it's a big deal to you cause it's sony don't front . defending this now? lol don't front
she said they were supposed to be role models, they were just having fun... they should be allowed to wear dreadlocks
i understand that they didnt rly have a choice but its still culture appropriation, and stuff like this
birther stuff has no effect on trump, because his supporters care about more important things:
like the continued success of david duke, maybe?
liz phair's "why can't i?" is still a jam fyi
followed by "fuck and run" girl you got yourself the only playlist you'll ever need
woof. i was hovering over the buy button on this but it sounds rough.
i almost never say this but: i'd probably buy the console versions if i were you. pc version is just as bad as it was in 2007.
can you check ur fb?
lmfao text me! i'm at
are you studying a specific type of law ? if yes, which ?
i haven't declared a concentration &amp; won't. but i'm focusing my classes &amp; internships on pub. sector/ gov. law/ appellate work.
picked up a set of solo3s. solos 3? whatever. the automatic pairing and switching stuff is real. apple fixed bluetooth. hot damn.
can you settle a bet for me? do you have a 5s or older with ios 10? does the magic pairing work?
staying with our admissions team and !
w/ you in spirit on !
after carter, america was in ruin, after 2 yrs reagan ushered in the greatest economic expansion in human history. excuses
6 years later, we started our decline towards a recession due to reagan's deficit spending. then clinton
to what? lol
rashad's first mixtape, it's a classic
regardless there's no question the area showed constant movement &amp; absorption
then what makes you insist it "should be jewish"?
i present you with 100% undeniable proof that , and started
gadsden times? bwahahahahaha
growing up in a blue collar town, gov. shares why is important for a 21st century workforce:
oh please give me a break sheesh
everything gets ruined sooner or later. :(
i can't "like" this :(
i might try to single handily bring "def" back.
that would be fresh to def!
why does it say your in new york lmao tfti
bitch i stay travelin u never know where imma be
can you settle a bet for me? do you have a 5s or older with ios 10? does the magic pairing work?
if you try this make sure it's not signed in to your icloud or the pairing with sync. m
you must not know his resume to well !
yes i do... he only has 1 elite eight, 1 final four... lost to fgcu who florida killed in 2013
min yoongi of bts #
park jimin of bts (this one makes me cringe a lil the hand and feet suck) #
okay, i'm now a fan of
this is a good article to read:
not owning or taking responsibility for feelings and speaking about problems in generalities
and abstractions are among the most prevalent causes of problems in communication.
aaaaand it's all working now (we'll see how many duplicate charges i have now). total time: 7h 45 min. price: free case and $200 gift card.
verdict: total, embarrassing disaster. at least the store manager was nice and gave me a gift card. oh and the new phone is pretty great.
help! i'm in desperate need for new shoes!
-- not able to enclose a note because the are not being shipped directly from amazon estimated delivery date 9/22 to 9/27
you must not know his resume to well !
georgetown is irrelevant for a reason
this is still one of my favorite pics ever ;-; because good lord is adorable!! d:
i like this pic a lot also!!! i don't think i'm nearly as adorable as you though purr purr purr
when you change it (in osx) - it creates a whole new user account for you with default setup, and empty folders
i should have noticed the warning bad ui?
here's jill stein's original tweet. she has since rephrased.
thanks she is dumber than a plank
sure they can but won't cause of dead money on cap not protests.
imagine the pr nightmare 49ers would face.could have saved a lot of money previously
very excited for this, lady!
look forward to meeting you!
signature moved inspired by the one and only guess who?
your amazing!!! take over for old dude in beer commercials...your the most interesting woman in the world
aaaand is running an 8-minute hit piece on , utterly disregarding 2007 dem planner penn's memo...
and btw dodged the draft multiple times.
this is what an airport should be, a place of fun and not a centre of pain... thank you atlanta!
sometimes i dont know whether to cry of laugh. what we have become pains me.
i'm tired of expecting and get nothing in return.
how much are you giving?
"who's a vet? who's a vet? where are my vets?"
right next to your african-american.
this is an accurate summation of my homeland.
it looks so beautiful tho plus i love sheep
severe thunderstorm warning in effect until 6:30pm from nyc to queens to southern nassau county.
hey how are you? was there any rotation in that storm? i got tagged on a facebook post showing a funnel over howard beach ny
i was just checking out bold. interesting stuff. i'm in media myself (music biz)
awesome man!
"is it expensive to live in san francisco?"
at least you get trees...and air.
it's not like you conducted a scientific survey. how many "normal users" even realize they're being tracked across domains?
asking how many people even know they are being tracked is a good idea for a future poll. hard to do though.
jews had lived in area before going down to egypt &amp; being enslaved 4 centuries
next thing i know, you'll be claiming that jews "built egypt's pyramids"!!!!
followup: this story is /not/ from the onion
seems positively grateful after all he's been thru
omg miss you and this trip
let's go back
so he lied?
i'm done, g'bye
park jimin of bts (this one makes me cringe a lil the hand and feet suck) #
park jimin of bts #
excellent analogy
thx. wish it solved the mess we find ourselves in. alas....
i am certainly missing the bigger scope here. is your point you can submit an adhoc signed app to the store?
no, it's just if you have a provisioning profile, you can change its type without re-creating it.
apparently reporters aren't allowed to do their jobs around ivanka trump
&amp; this sort of character who is being considered for potus. will be the end of the us as we know it!
imagine the pr nightmare 49ers would face.could have saved a lot of money previously
again i don't believe that's what's at play here. just playing devils advocate
i am certainly missing the bigger scope here. is your point you can submit an adhoc signed app to the store?
it's kind of weird, and it's not useful for anything really, i was just surprised.
was working anyone want to tell me what the liverpool v chelsea game was like
liverpool was superb first have .. second meh lost possession
yup they did. they came around.
then it would make no logical sense for jesus to intend to destroy rome.
the palestinian coir keeps singing the apartheid / cleansing song because they simply can't stand israeli freedom
is this what israelis are building with the welfare check to israel written by obama?
bummed it's gonna be my first tourney back and nobody is coming to watch me
if i could i would baby but i had something going already
i'm an mma fan but i am really looking forward to watching canelo alvarez partake in violence tomorrow, only boxer i enjoy honestly
what about triple g!
auburn wins the west in a shocker.
there are no divisions anymore
idk young hilldog could get it
i mean we know she's not gettin any from bill so u might have a chance
. :"the vast majority of what edward snowden stole had nothing to do with privacy but with national defense!"
that's what they say nut there is no proof
this morning i sat with on to talk about the details from last night's policy speech.
ivanka leaving the cosmo interview!
park jimin of bts #
kim taehyung of bts #
texas a&amp;m's uncertainty at pg reiterates a prevailing sec story line: league has no clear cut team after kentucky. wide open after cats.
its obviously florida!!!
. blocked me for showing him this. let him know what we think of propagandists.
and and all those other nutty sites support . soooooo?
looks good as it is tho?
it looks good but can you imagine current generation graphics/physics on that game?
happy birthday mirandaaaa!! miss you so much:( i hope college is going !! ily
aw thanks girl i miss you so much!! love ya
haven't seen that one yet, but yes coloring books filled with awkward adult humor and curse words. it's great.
sounds dope honestly lol
yo our bf party is tonight. it won't be the same without you
*cries* i still want all the snaps tho. i think
watch mine ya?
that self promo i'm so sorry
that's cool, i don't have a problem with you. just wondering why this is a thing, prefer this over silence.
lol that's why you are coming into tweet defending something that really shouldn't be defended, all good. fanboys
would'nt waste my keystrokes on this clown
i know, they arguing with each other!
this scumhag is unfit to answer the phone for america. close the book on hrc.
this woman is grasping4air,she's lost her game.stay focusedwe need u
rumors on race/religion spread by trump: -obama is kenyan -obama affirmative action student -obama a muslim 1/x
hrc's birther insinuations far worse b/c done out of sheer calculation &amp; she didn't believe it..
can you randomly get freckles cuz i think i'm getting them
yes i get them on my face when i'm in the sun for a while.
are you here? it's crazy
hahahaha no i'm not but i do want to go there at some point!
in mere minutes, once i abandon hope of making it to fnm in time, i'm sure my dacks that are hiding in my room will turn up
oh hey, there you are.. thanks for nothing, assholes!
i've been making life my bitch lately
your the man
i watched four episodes. i hear it got better, but it had to start better.
weird! i thought it started strong but fell apart as it went along. mew was in it, though.
with so many remakes and remasters this year, we ask: what game would you like to see updated for today?
also vagrant story
know what to get you 4 your bday! or do u already have?
a lady never tells ......
&amp; you'd be contending incorrectly
your contention of "illegally expelled the jews" is the one that's wrong
hey rob i'm still waiting for airing times to get straight in nyc!!! i've really miss ur show
good news! 2 chances 2 c us in nyc this wknd &amp; next check w zip code. works best
a bi-product of the boyfriend and i moving in together was learning that the dollar general, at one point, sold lamps.
~*sending thoughts &amp; prayers*~
men's coach really feeling it right now
1-4, with the only win being an away game is pretty good, right? lmao
is ok! liz and i want to go sometime before our mexico trip so ya we'll see each other soon!!
omg that would be super cool. y'all can stay in my house. it's gonna be lit
i can. sort of. it's dubious and i wouldn't serve it to anyone. lol.
i would not serve anyone else my chicken. i am fine with eating it but it is not good.
after carter, america was in ruin, after 2 yrs reagan ushered in the greatest economic expansion in human history. excuses
helped pull us out, left us with a budget surplus, which bush completely reversed, &amp; left us w/ worst
horror twitter is even weirder than me. their obsession with halloween-season branded goods is amazing/frightening.
are you subtweeting about me?!??
your contention of "illegally expelled the jews" is the one that's wrong
jews were slaves in biblical times. do u disagree?
asdrbal cabrera receives his player of the week award before the game.
well deserved cabby!
how can someone be so terrible and yet so many people like him? when people share him i feel like john lithgow in the twilight zone movie
blue steel. magnum. it's the same face! am i taking crazy pills here!!!
i know it's a design decision, but your website forcing pro version download (trial) is just wrong...
what do you mean? that's our product!
after carter, america was in ruin, after 2 yrs reagan ushered in the greatest economic expansion in human history. excuses
econ crisis since great depression, which obama has been fixing for 8 years.
can i have one when i'm rich and nip over in my jet for tea?
you'll have lunch and you'll damned well like it.
they just made a 7 ..?
same size as 6+
and he did it very aggressively so i feel like it was a power move and now i want to shake him to his core
assert ur dominance &amp; bed him sis
world series favorites: : 23% : 15% : 12%
have the cubs and red sox been the two favorites to win the ws since 1918?
when you wake up and realize it's fridayyyy!!!! yayyyyyyy 2 more days for
us waiting for sunday to come
smooth delivery re maternity leave. professional.
but why aren't gay male, same sex families included?
or the santa clara expressway system, or 19th ave in sf...
personally, i'd prefer more alaskan way viaducts if we had to have tons of lanes.
is your iq that low that you can only reply with gifs...
you are limited to 140 characters while a gif says a thousand words, and you cant figure this out? whose iq is low?
is my pick for fan of the year in the awards. who do you think is ? vote @
thanks amanda!
kinda like a "stone soup" where the stones are thrown at the so-called minority "interlopers."
i don't even want to know what the broth is.
"i'm going to sit at regina's desk and see what it's like to be prom queen" cc:
she wears it well
there's still no evidence that trump sent investigators to hawaii to dig up dirt on obama
not surprising is nothing but a conman on steroids &amp; is just so fascinated with all that bs!
i'm ok with that move
not worries about alshon injuries?
love the packers!
let's see, condoleezza rice wanted to be nfl commissioner. you could be ceo of packers. heck of a deal!
thanks so much francesca, i hope you have a wonderful weekend as well. mom still cancer free per the mayo clinic !
great news for mama. you all, enjoy your evening. we are relaxing 2nite, company coming over 2morrow.
trump takes the lead in battleground state
hemmer/fox: "trump owns the morn news again", gets $$$ of free ad time + every cable net loves him as ratings king
looks the same tbh
get out of here with your negative opinions
can we record it for the first episode?
unscripted cell-to-cell recordings are the best.
yea, this one is bad. damn i hope the hapless msm doesn't snore through this.
they didn't the msm covered it.
i don't identify my existence to a brand like you. we all know deep down you hate sony.
sure bro lol pretend you are getting xbox again this summer and ask your followers if it's ok. don't hate sony btw
i just saw 3 dumbass kids play chicken on a busy street, almost get hit, then get chased down by the guy who almist hit them. happy friday!!
well, kids when they are young are stupid and naive. stupid is if stupid does.
your contention of "illegally expelled the jews" is the one that's wrong
show me your evidence that a roman emperor engaged in "illegalities".
we are having a .....
just want to say a massive congrats to you guys!
our winner is ! let me know your ign so i can send you the card. next giveaway post soon!
hey thanks!! that's great! it's dianeb31. as you can tell, there's not much imagination in my attic.
that's fantastic! i think they can access the screen bitmap, but don't think there's anything that tells the devs your phone's color
they can tell. it shows up in itunes and xcode
only people with access to the github repo can see your first pr
oh that's what it is. i was wondering why i couldn't see mine.
. this is a brilliant proposal, great is another word for it!
but it does not include leave for gay male couples starting a family?
anyone in have a cheap, rear mounted (for a hatchback) bike rack for sale i could buy cheapish? need it by tomorrow
you should throw the word cheap in there a 3rd time to really emphasize your frugality
i had headphones in and a man just stopped me to tell me i look like a "dark princess" and like expected me to stand there and talk to him
at least he didn't touch me to get my attention, he just creepily walked right next to me (like thisclose) until i looked up
designing for healthcare means working within fda/hipaa guidelines. good constraints for design, never an ok excuse for bad user experience.
"good" is going a bit far imho. the road to hell is paved with good intentions
muhammad ali in a mock victory pose over the beatles in new york, 1964.
it was in miami
you might want to look again. also; stein or captain bongwater? wow. just ... wow.
much healthier alternative than alcohol. weigh out the pros and cons more if that's what you go by tbh.
muslims are closer to nazi's then trump and his supporters will ever be...
it was just an analogy. you're either white supremacist or white-supremacist-tolerant, which is basically white supremacy.
the apple store at the grove near beverly hills had a 3 hour line and sold out of every model of iphone 7. 80% would have purchased airpods.
what do you make of the heavy promos the carriers are putting out there, brian?
i don't identify my existence to a brand like you. we all know deep down you hate sony.
you really are showing what kind of fanboy you are, defending something and than saying i don't care, then deflecting
i meant a cup of tea you raving nincompoop!
suuuuuure ;-p
what did you expect to be different?
the type. development profiles have the type stored, adhoc has "appstore" as a type.
1. you're rich enough to do this anyway. 2. that is not what you're good at and have made billions doing, so don't.
i don't know. he may be a blowhard but even he's pissed at the cheeto dick.
as long as 1side is denying the existence of the other side.there won't b peace
show me evidence for the extant existence of canaanites.
hillary played "i feel good" by james brown as she walked on stage. james brown died of...
i keep saying her staff hates her. so much of her optics &amp; social media presence harms her vs helps her.
can i pull off shaving my head
omg you'd look so hot but ur parents are gonna fucking murder ur ass
nice knowing you shane
haha its over
trump campaign manager on if he would prove he's under audit: "are you calling him a liar?"
yes, yes we are calling a liar!
odd tidbit: [@{ @"a" : @"b" } objectforkey:@"a"] will never call -hash or cfhash() on ios10/sierra
(this however, will: [@{ @"a" : @"b", @"b" : @"c" } objectforkey:@"a"] shenanigans!)
not ironic at all pretty untrue statement are u projecting
i know, poor baby. it's so hard.
annie wu rehabilitated and perfected black canary's aesthetic, and men have already totally undone it. good job men.
happens all too often with black canary, always glossing her over her less sexualized costumes
mutuals... do you wanna break the mutual with me?? (if yes dm me)
damnit i didn't mean to hit yes
my sister thought about moving back to ny from florida but it ain't for her anymore. been thinking ny ain't for me either.
on the same boat as you
the last time trailed by at least 3 runs w/ 2 outs in the 9th and beat ? would you believe 1908, courtesy of .
was that when they were known as the highlanders?
i don't identify my existence to a brand like you. we all know deep down you hate sony.
then trying to say i hate sony lol when i owned the console own the tv own recievers and u own zero from xbox lol
perfect for mature 13-year-olds. would be afraid to spoil plot for 10yo before he or she could really appreciate it.
thanks. good for our oldest daughter then (named kira, naturally )
lol right and she pretty much woulda had a lot of them easily because of the trump wall thing lol
she just never really tells it like it is thats what i don't like lol
personally, i'd prefer more alaskan way viaducts if we had to have tons of lanes.
otoh, this intersection in shinjuku didn't feel bad in person and has lots of lanes.
can you post the project brunch video / my friend was interviewed and missed it! thanks!
it's in my facebook fan/ abc page!
crowd frenzy...
hemmer/fox: "trump owns the morn news again", gets $$$ of free ad time + every cable net loves him as ratings king. boom.
hella watches
in their natural habitat: not on wrists. i'm sorry that was terrible but i couldn't resist.
more coded language from trump tonight about clinton's assassination.
it doesn't matter whether trump means that clinton should be assassinated. the oxygen finds the flame either way.
why r u in oakland lol
why are you on my case bitch
i finally hit my goal at the gym earlier today so naturally i'm about to eat pizza for the second time today
what excercise? congrats
mummy spice! victoria beckham cuddles up to her doting mother
common as muck the lot of them
lots going on here.....
not gonna lie, need that hat
nothing gives me more anxiety than the question "so what do you like to do for fun?"
you know you're gonna say squats
literally one of the chillest people you'll meet (mostly cause idgaf about a lot of things) but don't piss me off...that's a no no
hahaha this tweet made me giggle. miss u sweg
i am reading a little life and have gotten to caleb and i don't think i can go on should i? i can't cope.
i literally have the unpopular opinion that that book is terrible and homophobic in its understanding of gay pain but hey
how do you live with yourself knowing you support a candidate that is funded by a country that kills gays?
you mean the same countries trump does business with. the same country that has been considered an ally to
2am y'all enjoy! retweet &amp; tag a friend ...
back with that .
butter. sounds silly, but it works.
no not butter. it will make burn worse. cold water only.
if my memory is right, people were high on barzal weren't they?
barzal was one of the best centers in his draft year &amp; is a spectacularly talented player. isles are lucky he dropped to them
no offense but can grown men please stop telling me to smile. i know u mean well but plz... stop
who did this
if you had said soup i would have a new hero
well i have eaten soup while driving. i was late to work and hungry
yes you would rather to completely incompetent people be in the white house.
weigh out the pros and cons better... is full of crap; and hides lies.
ugh i wish! maybe i'll go down to jimmy's in dallas to get my cannoli fix... or i'll just move to nyc
ooh ohh! do the second one!
i may have to wear gloves to hold it, but holy shit this is the most beautiful electronic device i've ever owned.
are you putting a case in it?
now make it skip isequal:. actually you could in this case...
it will skip -isequal: if the keys are pointer equal, but can't (yet) on unequal keys. in theory that could be improved further.
it's the "let's see what happens to her" that came directly after that's most concerning.
her ss is not going to disarm, just b/c trump suggests it.
barzal was one of the best centers in his draft year &amp; is a spectacularly talented player. isles are lucky he dropped to them
had a ton of hype &amp; boston passed on him when they did that three off the board picks in a row thing
in their natural habitat: not on wrists. i'm sorry that was terrible but i couldn't resist.
hahahahahah true. more than half of those were not being worn.
happy birthday love i hope you have an amazing day
thank you boo
same lmao where's skinny i need 2 hug
where r u??? come thru to this japanese restaurant we having dinner
because you're way too close
i told you not to come back to the bay
based on this ep of , truth is there is no w/o
that episode was so intense
how do you live with yourself knowing you support a candidate that is funded by a country that kills gays?
every president for decades. but now hrc runs, and you cry crocodile tears.
why are you in ct
im literally sitting in my house idk why it says that
fuck everything about this election, and the intrinsically bigoted country that has enabled it.
trump has rallied &amp; legitimized a fleet of straight white people convinced they're the brave revolutionaries in a war against everyone else.
happy birthday to my day one lizard have a lit night
omg gonna kill u. ilove you sm. btw just saw donna out to eat lol xoxoxo
i'll throw in a buck fifty.
put me down for five bucks.
hey guys. in my sisters apartment in baltimore. hope you've been having a great friday!
i sent you a text late bc too many today
have a wonderful weekend everyone! safe and happy!
thank you ! you too ! dear one! i love you bunches!
the thing is, he knows. 9 months of this. he's an asshole.
he's an addict, jenni. it's a mental and physiological disorder. have pity on him!
a spokesman for the trump campaign said that donald trump jr.'s words were being twisted for political purposes
one trump is much more than enough. don't promote 2nd one pls.
this is funny on multiple levels.
...indeed it is...is jo aware of all the levels rd? this may call for an emergency podcast.
big band lyrics over seveteen's logo (i did this for my art class) #
lee taeyong of nct
love this stuff man! great work.
thanks! love what your crew's been up to down in the south bay.
if course blumenthal story is true. it explains why obama wh refused to allow his hiring.
of course she hired him and paid him as a foundation "consultant" anyway.
that's word?
i get paid tomorrow u tryna go 80/80
butter. sounds silly, but it works.
other remedy is stop cooking and go out to dinner! it's friday night, for god's sake!
idk, i'm just arguing with timdog now, i'll tag you out.
it was his tweet, you came in defending like a crazy fanboy and now saying i have deep down hate for sony lol
oh go be american with your math and your colors and your z instead of s!!!!
well we're getting nearly everything else wrong, at least we can spell. :p
i'm lucky enough to live near the countryside &amp; see livestock grazing on a regular basis i'll try &amp; take some good photos
yeah i live in a pretty rural area. some cows. but i want to pet all the sheep
that's not near us,we hardly go to denver. boulder is nicer ;)
i know. just wanted you to know about it.
if you are getting ready to travel to , just look at how busy my visit is going to be, but i love it
thanks for the shout out. it is a tradition that has become a habit.
i will never stop writing my responses! i no longer have to text again!
u can also turn the phone sideways and it automatically switches so it's even faster to write!
some of trump's biggest missteps -- heidi cruz, curiel, khan -- have come after high points for him in the polls.
overconfident trump is clinton's secret weapon.
you know why?
nah, i'm going to assume underage drinking. they don't id in that place lol.
been wanting to sit at a bar and just go shot for shot but i know how that ends up lmao
challenge accepted
last week in montreal we stayed in the mile end- a beautiful, fun neighborhood filled with artists living with cheap rent. could have stayed
mile end is a great hood. i wish i had not had a fever when i went to montreal for 4 days. can't wait to get back up there.
it's star trek night at at&amp;t park so i'm buying drinks for anyone who can tell me kirk's serial number at public house starting at 5:00pm
will be at game meeting trek friends. suspect they know answer. i dont - but knew 2 check 2 see if u were coming 2nite
we're reaching peak-madman, lads.
how can someone be this mad?!?!?
you think you've gotten the hang of this whole scene then someone at a straub-huillet screening says "the...neon demon? what's that?"
you went to s/h! yeah!!
memo to headset designers who are hoping for mass adoption vr headgear: the cord is not your biggest problem.
great experiences are tough, and device fragmentation is likely to stymie content creators
intellectual conversations with meg: "between me &amp; u, who is pinhead larry and who is dirty dan??"
ur pinhead she's dirty dan
how do you live with yourself knowing you support a candidate that is funded by a country that kills gays?
but you didn't answer my question: is this "...&amp; never show your faces to the public again" work.
idk, i'm just arguing with timdog now, i'll tag you out.
you made yourself look this way, kinda like yoshida , sorry brother. now tag me out too while your at it
too bad i was here first
and? white people chase minorities out all the time
pedro fanboy! (sim vale a dica)
dumpa h8ter!
many americans are not aware of this. all of americas enemies are aware of this!
its literally a one bomb war. much like david's rock. victory with one shot. highly tempting.
we switching parks
im not switching lol
just checked into our super cute air bnb too!
yay! how long are you there????
clinton attack dog offers to pay for dirt on donald trump via
desperate times call for desperate measures.
awwww i now regret making all the jokes about his sensitive builder hands over paul's pumpkin body. :(
never regret calling out that banana loving male joodge
f that hlf/hlf on an o &amp; the winner gets to keep the rest of the bud
challenge accepted
i was feeling really bad for kids in syria and the middle east, but now i feel worse for you.
someone call the wahhhhhhhmbulance!!!
this is why you're going to hell
if they got pineapple pizza there idc
happiness is a state of mind. no one controls that but you, so stop allowing other things to do so.
yaaaaas happiness ain't no destination this ain't a gps
check your listings - mine says he is on. i don't think we've been 'going to prison' in a while now.
thanks i will. usually he's not on on fridays.
&amp; why you in the city? you went to see t-rex? lmao
i cant find your number
me too, especially since it is a daily experience. he will even leave stuff on my desk.
wowsers. that's inappropriate. borderline harassment / bullying.
ok ni folk. this pic is freaking me out a bit. i recognise weir &amp; nelson. who's the mayor dude? and others?
went to qub with dude on left. was a prominent unionist. can't remember his name. saw him recently on utv. an mla?
icymi. i'm not a fan of people calling bernie sanders a sheepdog. he gave it his all and decided alone when he was done. don't do that.
i don't mind him deciding to be done w/ it. but what he's done since is...confusing (for me). i just never-minded &amp; pivoted
tighe, guess you don't know...i don't drink. haha
no i didn't.
always worked for me...but of course there's nothing basic about me...
butter on burning skin will retain heat and increase chances of blistering.
i found heaven in manhattan
nice! where is this slice of heaven?
can't belive my fav girl in the cafe is not following the eagle!
fixed that!
trump campaign manager on if he would prove he's under audit: "are you calling him a liar?"
ummm, american voters to "we want to see your tax filing to see if you are not a tax cheat"
so trendy i buy my beer from local breweries
how are you not obese from all the beer??
played with all day and yup, it's awesome. mixed in a little , bam. my new suite for app design.
i'd love to chat sometime and get your feedback on the back and forth between ps and xd.
. so, the butler did it ? ?mm
nipping in the bud? segregate portfolios; by now, the fellows cld be anywhere an epidemic of rape
i love you guys, and i ain't lion.
i'm lion, but we &lt;3 you anyway
don't fucking front!!! if u don't got a location we can do it @ my brib u herdd
i get off @ 4 tomorrow
something something 'metric measurements system' something something ;)
i'm modeling in maya in centimeters, leave me alone. leave me alone (sob) (sob).
woman next to me on treadmill just had an audible 20 minute conversation with herself. no headphones. no bluetooth. just talking. loudly.
that's basically how walking through manhattan is
typical libtard calls you all the names in the book. those words mean nothing now thanks to you and fellow liberals
they're names, they're adjectives (you've been having problems w/ parts of speech). and maybe if you learned how to use a
idk how girls are soooo good at makeup mayn. that shits pure art.
they're good at covering shit up.
the finger lakes...almost home!!
i think i see my house ;) safe travels, paul.
no but remember that one time i made you a bacon cheddar burger
i remember ..best day of my life
racist alert collapsing hillary clinton husband made vile reference to obama as a coffee boy in 2008!!
yes he did, pos hypocrites. so sick of this crap.
i'll be there monday again leaving early thursday evening.
cool. we should try and meet up.
sigh. one day il steal your address and send you 100 copies of the oxford dictionary
that's fantastic, firewood is really expensive and our cast iron stove heats great.
typical libtard calls you all the names in the book. those words mean nothing now thanks to you and fellow liberals
dictionary or learned how to empathize, you would know their meaning.
can you join our growing autism group, and share a personal insight at ?
that's very kind of you but, i don't have personal knowledge. i've only met a couple of women who had autistic children.
wonder how many ppl followed me thinking i was hispanic
let the unfollows begin
lol this sucks why did apple think "yup, super-detailed realistic hands are the way to go"
"leave the thumbnails..off"
you can just play that for your show and save yourself some time. you're welcome.
1. no never mind i'm going to be nice. 2. not watching this for the show. just for fun.
looks the same tbh
you gonna be on later?
git peeps... is there a quick way to delete all my local branches that have been fully merged and no longer have remote origins?
git remote prune might be useful. -dry-run to check what it thinks is stale.
that is just mind numbingly beautiful. i could sit in front of that tree all day and watch the animals and light play.
you should go - and can make it happen!
that turkey better high tail it to the hills and stay put until february.
the sister has three: thanksgiving, christmas and easter.
*skips through chelsea* bullets (feat. little dragon) by kaytranada
have been listening to that song every single day since may. who's the problem, me or ?
omg say more things
why is this writers almost pornographic obsession with conjuring the most painful life imaginable embodied by a gay man
i asked that dude a question, we went back and forth, that was it. me and you are just arguing.
gotta come off that i have deep hate for sony, totally not true. i point out hypocrisy and all that but no hate there bruh. sorry
so i go visit the kids for a few days, and this is what i come home to. are they not the most pathetic creatures?
looks like a buncha couch potatoes -lol
old: every unix function becomes a company new: every excel function becomes a company
everyone is always searching for the next vlookup out of silicon valley
nyc? i'm just leaving the un. heading to miami.
ha.. would have loved to meet over coffee
from the first play....to the last play....give it to me
trust your training. play for the man beside you.
a perfect master class list. we'd love to see any photos you get that capture 's energy &amp; a-ha moments!
will do :). looking forward to it!
probably won't get to see blair witch for another week. in the meantime i'll wear my pewter stickman necklace.
blang blang. idk how people wear necklaces all the time. it would drive me insane
created by hillary. lol. you weak minded idiots are hilarious.
whoever did/didn't suggest birtherism possibility, is only 1 who built entire career on it.
&gt; i'm 99% sure i'm going to see tomorrow, then a nice long walk to sit by the river and read.
the 1st time i saw friday the 13th, i was 12. i went on a week long camping trip the day after!
why campaign finance advocates should vote for clinton if they live in swing states, by .
dan, any relation to larry and his sister roni fagin from forest hills? c. 1960s/70s.
that was woke i like how you think
ive never used woke as a verb in the manner. ive been edumacated
then there is no answer to your question (1), and your question (2) is irrelevant. no discussion of ubi is possible now.
i am laughing. i will cede to you the last word. cheers, s
completely understand keeping your options open. i'm doing the same thing in finance, still debating which direction to take
yea; law school is more about learning the skills than learning about any one substantive area.
i know you don't probably don't like , but.../2
they are nothing but lies, an alt right racist misogynist site
enjoy! you happened to pop in when the weather is just about perfect!
gracias sir, i'll be in providence the next two nights so getting my northeast fall fix in!
hrc getting clobbered on deplorables statement. she's going down and won't recover.
quote medal honor vets: we, the "deplorable" are also the the "deployable". with confidence, we endorse trump.
....well they're technically still not finished with the trams.....
haha, good point!
when you love someone but it goes to waste could it be worse?
no my friend
so you're saying that you're unaware of muslims attitudes towards extremism?
there are 1.6b muslims in the world. are you saying you know the attitudes of 1.6b individuals? we have 323m ppl in us &amp; we
i personally can't afford one but the company has 25 on order.
that's okay because you'll eventually dispatch them and nr on them. are they as great looking as it seems?
scrappy off camera footage from the shoot day 2
swipe knife in jeans, you're crazy man
i'd wondered if that's what was going on, but i wasn't sure if that was a common enough thing to justify it.
we have this ridiculous/convenient habit of "configuration" dictionaries for methods, often 0/1 element in practice.
media jump gun on branding claim on birther role 'false'
come climb with us up bullshit mountain.
you totally get me! beer showers &gt; champagne showers! thanks for defending me! cheers!
thank you john you know what's up
girl i have 5 hours of school on friday and i can't tell you not one thing that goes on.
lol thats,definitely me!!
then remembered i dropped my &amp; had to save me. thanks again to the both of you for being great friends/people
oh shit! i forgot about that!
we have to not vote for the people who voted for it, regardless of their team colors. red or blue, they're the sam...
thanks for speaking truth to power......
the country's largest police union has endorsed donald trump - no surprise given their reactionary track record.
this is seriously f**ked up. nation's largest police union endorses trump
mcclaugherty just ate a three-pound steak burrito dipped in queso.
that's insane. now if he can finish off a quart of icecream. then he gets a small trophy
cancelled all my plans for tonight bc of these lmao
toys before boys
why is this writers almost pornographic obsession with conjuring the most painful life imaginable embodied by a gay man
there is a long history of gay male porn, and this writer is pornographic in her campy degradation of that gay boy
here is what i, a person with limited intelligence, think about the nominees for president: one is bad and one is also pretty bad too
you're comparing apples to rotten apples.
so you're saying that you're unaware of muslims attitudes towards extremism?
don't get along, you think 1.6b have the same attitude. the biggest target of muslim extremists are other muslims. they're
i support this decision financially and spiritually
is it possible you can like run for me? and i can wait at the finish line
medium rare all day everyday
you're the worst
yeah i liked gordie howe and another ..he went by the name bobby orr
two greats.
i love you so much brother. it was so good to see you and talk to you again.
likewise mi amor. until next time (for sure!)
c'mon face, each of us live their trues from our perspective. do you &amp; we will do us.
that is true but don't lie. say what you want but fact is hillary is a policy wonk.
tonight: , , a performance by kiiara, and your funniest tweets.
the fact that jimmy fallon whored himself out to trump is disgusting.
currently imagining a sparkly shirt with rainbows and kittens and "i'm a harpy and will rip your heart out. go away"
a+ shirt concept; would wear.
this is why you come to florida state. to play in games like this.
this is what you've trained to do. this is what you were born to do. this is what were going to do.
i once found myself drinking in the same irish bar as bill murray. so, i've got that going for me...
i heard he's bartending in green point tonight and tomorrow night.
yes gawd. you could feel the hate through the screen. and the 411 bout grandaddy had me dead.
yeaaaah that was a whole damn lot
is here! i'm so excited to see the girls &amp; throw down!
who is the new ring girl? no more summer?!
it's the weekend, y'all know what that means! catherine gives me saturdays off, but still have to work sundays. sad life. just kidding. -roy
i love my boss - world's greatest intern roy
you've admitted just now that you wish spencer had done so in the past.
i don't work for a corporation lol either do you, but phil is above that . me wanting something doesn't mean it's right
do not mess with jack abbott next week on !
i hope jack leaves phyliss &amp; get with the readhead billy was messing with the model who lft her purse or wallet
do these morons know that 's husband bill used this exact same phrase during his run for a presidency
but but but when billy said it, it was a "code" 4 white supremacy, silly girl! see the difference?
come meet up with me at the sold out of mice and men show tonight austin carlile saved my life i'm gonna cry
theres and of mice and men show tonight and i did not know about it what the hell!!!!!!!
dope w/ . i'm coming home.
are you at the airport?
thanks john. you've forced me to realize how bitter i am towards people in relationships.
even though yours is long distance.
donald trump is like jesus for christians who've rejected the teachings of jesus
please don't even use jesus in the same sentence as trump especially when his base may see it a positive gesture
there is a long history of gay male porn, and this writer is pornographic in her campy degradation of that gay boy
she seemed to wondered "how sad cud a life be?" and she came up with a hopeless, abused, sickly faggot, lets be real
supposed to go see the movie tonight. am unreasonably excited about this!
not unreasonable. sounds like a great movie with a good review from and others.
join the crowd. good luck.
did they ever locate your bag?
so you're saying that you're unaware of muslims attitudes towards extremism?
90+% of their targets. but our media focuses on the west to pander to/sell to our sense of self-interest. you're getting abt
poor karen. thanklessly stuck in the background in suicide squad and in jared leto's selfies.
hey man the prettiest girl needs to take most of the screen!
typical libtard calls you all the names in the book. those words mean nothing now thanks to you and fellow liberals
10% of the story.
you must be bored lol, you miss me
lol i'm taking a quick break and miss you too
you've admitted just now that you wish spencer had done so in the past.
but you really came across a little trying to hard here. can take the fanboy blinders off one time, this might be the time
born virgo: mba, licensed &amp; certified. but no $$ coming, just large life spending. when is the $$ coming instead of going?
i find no one is paying anyone. i see slowdown everywhere, even though people owe others.mercury retro has likely held up checks
contoured my boobs today, it changed my life
you are living the life. yaaaas
looks like an optimisation gone mad to me. like "if there is only 1 element, why bother using hash? compare it directly!"
just so :) useful for all those silly options: parameters on methods
oh wow lol damn i didn't even get to go to that one yet
lol damn, i was there too much !!
a dude was talking about photos with me &amp; asked to see my instagram so i pulled out my phone but he walked away when he saw my background
that's just as lame as when someone replies to a complaint with "i have a boyfriend"
oh yes!! am i seeing you tomorrow tho ? let know
i'll talk to him tonight :)
yeah and both of them are guilty. so in effect it is a net wash. it's a bs talking point now.
wrong, watch the debates
voted no on birth control assistance for women, so example of a gop rep. actions not in step w/gop values.
i agree that he's right of center and approaches shit, but if he's that reasonable against a nutter like cheeto dick...
ken, if that's your view of reality, i can't help you, psychiatry isn't my specialty. go ahead on and believe what u wish
right back atcha, puddin'
every health care story i work on: academics: "maybe..." "if"... startups: "revolutionary!" "game-changing!"
patients: why can't they get their act together and save me the hassle?
you still at work? lol
yes girl i got these assignments
at least underrated when paired with the green, home jerseys
those are sweet. and with the nfl patch on the shoulder. nice.
who wants to bang tonight
have i not texted you .
people in new york are the most rude and the most loving, it's confusing
you ain't lying
i read your post on tumblr, you didn't do anything wrong. those flight attendants are disrespectful shitbags, though. /hugs
hugs i wish kept taping but i turn off by accident
west coast not letting up at all...major waves,vibes to live for. s16
hey you came into the club last night and none of ur party spent money &amp; kicked it with the white groupies what gives
did he shit himself? i bet he shit himself.
there's a hundred acre wood joke in there somewhere.
which nba superstars have the most at stake this coming season? via
you think stephs bad performance could lead to a below max offer? he could be out with injury all year and still get a max.
we would be heartbroken to lose you. you can dm us if you follow us. ^jjt
followed you hours ago. cannot dm you as you do not follow me.
team ! i love working with this dude, is a rockstar. @ 69th regiment...
i love working for !
must have been the ice water in my veins that prevented the heat retention...i just cuss now when it happens.
i'm sicilian. my nana would use olive oil. hurt more and i smelled like antipasto. old world remedies.
so serious appt w/ them tomorrow.
tomorrow?! they told me they weren't taking anymore until sunday!
10 months with my love and so many more to come
happy 10 months beautiful i love you
she seemed to wondered "how sad cud a life be?" and she came up with a hopeless, abused, sickly faggot, lets be real
gay life is bigger than tragedy, this isnt tom hanks in philadelphia, lets be more nuanced
is this practice only?
i've only seen it in practice. we just started our franchise after you guys did 9/9 roster update
wilbur ross:"i don't think that hillary clinton has a clue, i really don't." on american trade policies.
i agree 100%
tis a wee little thing. that's only 6 lanes.
counting arrows, isn't that a 10x9 intersection?
in 10 min, anywhere near you
well, i don't any good places here, so better you choose
as commander-in-chief, he is sworn to protect us from threats both foreign and domestic. you, sir, are the latter.
thank you george 4 saying what u just said. when in our life hasn't a prez gone out 2 campaign 4 someone? go hillary!
oh man, i am so sorry for your loss fadia.
thank you jay
spent the day punching myself in the brain - i mean editing! i should really stop mixing those up.
know how you feel -haha
i think you just described the whole trump campaign...
hehehe, good point!
no, , it was frail, crooked 's close friend and confidant, sidney blumenthal. stop lying.
blumenthal's crap doesn't excuse trump's pushing it for years.
lj is still there!
true, but i am not sure how many people who used to follow me there still regularly read it, other than you. :)
i hope jack leaves phyliss &amp; get with the readhead billy was messing with the model who lft her purse or wallet
or jack could hook up with chelse
if one or both of us can go through a tunnel during the convo that'd be ideal
i'd also like to propose a lot of correcting each other, preferably prefaced with "i just want to make sure we're being clear."
i had a ginger cat. it disappeared. my mother shrugged. years later, i learned she had deported the cat. adulthood includes such moments.
insert shocked &amp; sad expression
sound like college lol
plus it's only 4:17 here
why do they even try anymore? we know!
kek to the rescue cuz robbo isn't stable enough?
i'll send a remote photo when i get home tonight :-)
dave i miss u! think i see yr face on cover of 1st 5 years at
donald trump spent five years lying about 's citizenship. he can't just take that back.
or blame you!!
tomorrow?! they told me they weren't taking anymore until sunday!
i'm going to the one on chestnut, union square play too much !
sound like college lol
girl i got a planner and everything
thanks for sharing the article on hc chances of winning based on different situations,i've let polls drag me
i've done the same thing, robin. speech &amp; give me hope. won't win pennsylvania!have faith
all of the people who sing that song in the show die
"look down" would be an appropriate song for his campaign
paul biya's coming to ny for the united nations' 71st general assembly ...
our president might come too... might meet him
trump just said this, but he's said similar things before.
now we don't have to wonder why this little girl is afraid of trump.
is talking about going to fix our economy? healthcare? save veterans? stop isis? no! we need to focus on the real issues!!
while we're at it, let's make sure vets &amp; soldiers know went on russian state tv &amp; called r armed forces pathetic losers!
gay life is bigger than tragedy, this isnt tom hanks in philadelphia, lets be more nuanced
and i hate that its being described as the great gay novel when it is total objectification and exaggeration of gay pain
so, not barista inspired, but inspired for baristas by non-baristas?
kinda for marketing purposes
i caught a glimpse of cnn at the gym today and it was not laughable but just cynical and immoral.
these "news" organizations are jeopardizing our civilization in exchange for ratings.
i have debunked snopes on several occasions ...blocked for stupidity
1 , then debunk this one. all that you have to do is post a pic or link of the seventeen article. burden of proof
you have no idea the rage pure rage
what is this exclusive hoodie you speak of
i took this photo six hours ago. i'm still standing here. i want to leave without it but i... can't
please tell me you took it home
you tell a white person they don't have rhythm or season their food they gone really feel like they go through the same oppression lmfao
i season my food with no rhythm
he's joking about the secret service being unable to stop an assassination. he's protected by them too. no respect.
isn't he also paying for extra security out of his campaign money?
this is seriously f**ked up. nation's largest police union endorses trump
. is it a declaration of war against those earnestly trying to improve the relationship between police &amp; communities?
i got very excited when you showed up in mara's book. i know what they look like!!
i just yelled what you wrote to jenny and she said "awww!" and then we took this pic 4 u
about this &amp; stories like it: i never once stood for the pledge as a student. jw parents. supreme court cases.
as listed here: school kids cannot be forced to pay homage to the flag in the us.
got a question: "is there going to be chigung during "
at the bridge before the walk/run sunday and at the beach before and at lunch monday during
that 1st one is yugly
yeah i think it's a belkin. apple probably won't make a solution because they want to push people towards wireless headphones.
i'm going to the one on chestnut, union square play too much !
oh fuck nah. they lied. they told me all the locations aren't taking any
and i know it's not just me tripping, the whole class is just like ........ whet????
then you have to teach yourself with a text book. ugh..
everyone has something to say about revis -- including jr smith. (and darrelle definitely took notice )
good clapback on revis' part, though
fbi director: cover up your webcam "nothing is your own except the few cubic centimetres inside your skull." 1984
hey america, listen up: comey is a world class, leading authority on "cover up" speaks from extensive experience.
this almost never happens.
nice to see. but what were they doing covering such a hing to begin with?
no, my point is anti-russian rhetoric does nothing to undermine putin and only works in his favor at home.
"tear down this wall" didn't hurt much
whew, just wrote an email that took 2 hours. time needed for correspondence is one of the worst factors of freelance.
i don't know if i've ever taken two hours to write an email. maybe an hour max? but your point is so true.
i can see you said something funny... but i don't really fully get it :( sorry.
nah, wasn't funny. just noting options dictionaries often have one object in practice, so it's more worthwhile than you'd think
...and max b sentence got shortened!
shits wavy b
men continue to be out of their fucking minds
we're not all like this
the butter crust is one of the things that makes lou's the best imo. happy to hear you were a fan!
being a chicagoan, i prefer giordanos, but lou's is a close second. glad you enjoyed it though
serious question, how do girls function with long ass nails?? i'd stab my eye at least five times a day
i stabbed my eyes 7 times a day
that is so negligent lol
forreal! we are not trustworthy idc if we look it
donald trump has spent years peddling lies about president obama. and that didn't stop today.
and continues to peddle the lie that started it!
all white people here today have ancestors who immigrated from europe. same with every other race except natives.
african americans did not immigrate here. they were brought here, in the bottom of slave ships.
and be echoed sentiments of lots of people in the industry.
he shouldn't of thrown a developer under the bus . whereas phil been thrown under bus and didn't reltaliate darkside games
1 , then debunk this one. all that you have to do is post a pic or link of the seventeen article. burden of proof
2..is on the person making the first claim.
and i hate that its being described as the great gay novel when it is total objectification and exaggeration of gay pain
sorry but that book has got to go, not on my watch
you need to text me more often. i'm going crazy without knowing how your week has been)':
i didn't plan on crying tonight but here we are
sid blumenthal is a lying racist. he is one of hillary clinton's most important advisors. what does that make hillary?
that doesn't excuse . he pushed it far more, and for years.
i should have noticed the warning bad ui?
should have been flashing with a siren emoji next to it.
exactly. didn't in 12 because mitt was typical anti-union gop and obama is black.
like trump isn't anti-union?
a new partnership will help us save 1m corals in and the caribbean &gt;
in the meantime, are you still drilling for gas in texas?
just the gop nominee hinting at the assassination of his opponent!
that trump - always kidding!
here's a video of a good football player
him, cooks and thomas are going to be so deadly for the next few years
i have a serious moth phobia: i looked down at my skirt and found a moth chillen in my lap. fuck nope.
finally, someone who shares the same phobia as me! they absolutely terrify me.
and be echoed sentiments of lots of people in the industry.
so can't say your making any points here. you just don't do that. especially after this . read 3 times
i agree with that. most of the feminists i've met are unattractive men hating women that just complain about everything
those are angry lesbians.
oh fuck nah. they lied. they told me all the locations aren't taking any
dagg i literally just made the appointment too.
i hate when people hit me up for drugs cause i rave, lol fuk off :-)
next time they ask you just
help! i'm in desperate need for new shoes!
-- i see someone else said he sent you the shoes does that mean you're going to get 2 pair now??
build, engage, monetize. epic panel!!
great event &amp; discussions, congrats to all involved in the organisation of
let's be clear: just admitted that he peddled fake conspiracy theories to attack the integrity of .
but did he muse about his assassination?
no, but it fell a little bit like wwe brand splitting.
it would be stupid to put mcgregor on that card. msg will be a sellout no matter who headlines, based on newness factor
national is fresh made guac and shrimp tacos on a jalapeo tortilla!
i heart the guac
why academics are losing relevance in society - and how to stop it
one reason_-&gt;to maintain the illusive "serenity/security" of the academic world?understandable!_--&gt;why? but why? :( |:-}
wow, zero votes for "available" --i've heard that revealing clothes "send a message" so often, but what is the message?
your followers are probably not the likely demographic to give the "available" answer
they won't listen to our announcements about it smfh
do they ever. it's like you're wasting your breath making the announcement like hello!! f a a saaaiiiddd...
sure tae bags are about $9 at home for those of us who buy our own food
yea, only if you buy 1000 at a time ya gowl
blair witch really proves that the hubbub surrounding the original film's release was essential to its effectiveness as well as its success
it just feels really limp in 2016 after the genre has been beaten into the ground since 1999. there's nothing new here, really.
exactly. people need to accept that there's plenty of negative trump coverage - it's just not having an effect.
but familiarity breeds acceptance.
new year's eve 2007 the time some girl at a house party threw a drink on me and ruined my dress.
what a prick
h a r l e m + b e s p o k e: eat: charle's pan fried chicken on fdb
getting closer to you! i hope 152nd stays open too.
probably have to throw anthony alberti in the mix.
scott, who was qb prior to you??
wow, i remember when ppl first started talking re issue of kids' privacy/parents posting fb pics. &amp; now here we are
the article brings up a really excellent point about parents using their kids' images to create a brand on social media
has gone down the toilet this year. crazy colter as his constant guest? click
not to mention chris matthews infatuation with conway
you know i've been working a grocery store when i come with two hearts stuck in my head.
dads covered that once. some guy asked us afterwards "what was with that really sensitive one?"
thats exactly what i was picturing
you pictured it right!
dont care are what yosp says, he can deal with the consequences, my overall point is he shouldn't get hate for responding
i disagree , i'd phil said it , would be 10xs worse. certain things can be handled differently
looking back, dating someone who didnt know the song "what would you do" may have been a bad sign
how do you not know that song though.
club season don't start until october but i guess ima have to break that rule tonight
flash factory
honestly, if it takes him five years to confirm the birth nation of one man, this whole mass deportation thing is gonna be mad slow.
he's probably not a details guy. vowel at the end of your name? out you go.
lol i keep on texting lg5 and forgetting we have a title for gaga new album
symptoms of waiting three years for an album and making our own name
sign here if you stand for the national anthem!
if you don't then get the fuck out of my country
one of the best front end tech leads i know is quietly looking for a new gig. i call her when i have a css question. js too. who is hiring?
i may have a lead for her! have her dm me and i can tell her about the company and connect her if interested.
., release the tax returns
is even being audited? deep background sources at irs say he's not. don-the-con strikes again!
just introduced numbers to my aftercare kids - they are loving it!
this is why i really wish i could buy a separate base &amp; reflector - everyone wants a turn to play!
the force awakens !!! i was too lazy to spell the whole thing out
so great! all the gay space babies!
this is unfuckingbelievable shit for a presidential candidate to be saying.
like 1death threat per election is generally frowned upon, but two...two!
the article brings up a really excellent point about parents using their kids' images to create a brand on social media
how is that kid going to feel at 20, 30, 40 when he's forever shackled to being "funny meme kid that did something gross/stupid/etc"
has gone down the toilet this year. crazy colter as his constant guest? click
hardball has become can't even make it over the pitchers mound ball
yes, yes i do. there's been tons and tons of research about this. stop playing stupid.
there are tons of white power sites, too.
fyi: this is why some of us are feeing sensitive about gas chamber jokes lately, .
good grief, matthew.
it's like me saying all girls are crazy because i know a girl who cut a guys computer cable in half because she saw him watching porn
through his window, might i add. she left his house. walked around back and looked through his window to see what he was doing
email + visual aids, i meant. have to be detailed and thorough in this game
ah, i was originally thinking it was a business email and not dev. your point is made x2 then!
opinion | especially in our instant-gratification society, the 24-hour news cycle keeps everyone on their toes --
opinion | the 24-hour news cycle has become the antithesis of honest reporting and real journalism --
what did he buy?
i didn't notice i was too distracted by the hat and big white beard that was filled with glitter lol
i'd rather have a head of a company say something about me rather than what happened to darkside games &amp; lionhead.
business is business. talking about things and saying things publically like yosp did another story: pretty bad
eh, hope these things have lightning plugs, otherwise they become obsolete to half the population tomorrow!
i believe iphone 7 is coming with an adapter for ear phones to lightening
20/20 but i can't see nobody
a lot of travis quotes lately
did you volunteer to do it?
they actually paid quite well for the amount of time it took me. it was a random ask through their friend i worked with.
blah haha you believe a worthless liberal controlled site like snopes? ahahaha
1 , i don't. i also don't believe baseless claims not backed up by evidence.
yes, of course i bought some headphone adapters today.
that's not lightning dude
y'all be needin that big ass phone for work tho. the camera will be too nice. i don't have pocket space for all that
also, are you guys having probs with your photo storage? and also, my bose don't fit in this dongle!
in my experience everyone has a great imagination, even if they don't show it. card has been sent. thanks for helping
thanks! i agree.
penn 2 papal law scatastrophe what's the grade
3 papal law pinero f e $22.20 $5.40 $3.40
hmmm.. apparently so. i just told toby to make me a cool falcon design on rubber and that's what he came up with.
here's my reversible arm band and toby's matching bandana. also all rubber pieces &lt;3
is she stopping by at brooklyn on her way back?? she should stay there for longer! i'd kill for such a break right now!
yes she's stopping by after santa cruz. i'm so happy. i get her for 3 days. come.. come visit me.
"got cat-like speed and reflexes"
bartolo colon has had a golden glove year. anyone agree???
why do they even try anymore? we know!
yes we do --- that's why he won't show his taxes &gt;
clearly neither of you have reviewed this before.
also when mission statement reads "examines ideological threat islam poses to human dignity &amp;freedom" that by
thanks for sharing the article on hc chances of winning based on different situations,i've let polls drag me
ps watching are also very inspirational along w/so many i follow.
ok agree to disagree
fine , and don't have hate for sony i own many of their products, including ps3, sold my ps4. if hated i wouldn't touch fyi
live on : gorgeous city view boston harbor sunset tour take a picture!!
dusk to dawn love it thanks.
clearly neither of you have reviewed this before.
definition is a partisan view.
tons of fun taping today's with &amp; . (we'll post link to show when it's ready later this eve.)
yay, great to have raquel and friends back. see what i did there
doors closing. try to keep everything vaguely together until i land, world.
sorry, man.
boutta kill it out there in sb
that is a flattering picture alright.
a new asshole she tore him..... lmao!!!
she's on fire!
the things they do for us.
yes thank youuuuu
because js is a horrible collection of warts masquerading as a programming language. but there's also a bad side to js.
sorry to break it to you but nodelist is part of the dom, not part of js. but you're right that dom could be better
this is for . the video is potato because snapchat. lol at myself. ...
what hahaha why did it do that? i tagged you on insta and it automatically tagged on twitter lololol
are going to call the followers of the series any ideas?
truthers maybe? thoughts?
trump says clinton is against 2nd amendment, jokes about disarming her bodyguards: 'let's see what happens to her'
you are aware jokes are supposed to be funny, right?
"however, - it's ridiculous for him to pretend like he wasn't the main driving force of this." -
hemmer/fox: "trump owns the morn news again", gets $$$ of free ad time + every cable net loves him as ratings king
send me some
lol it's so good
o i love this take. good grief i don't know if i can go any further tbh
sorry i try not 2 air this shit out on twitter but u triggered me and no one in media seemed 2 have the courage to critique
challenge accepted.
you getting a blowout?
i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies. let's make america great again!
this message is for kkk members only.
you must not have been listening to the words that were coming out of my mouth.
~ i had msnbc on all day at the office and you did an amazing job today holding the trump's feet to fire. thank you
starburst cat, it was delicious
my god these are way too amusing
denver vamc campus is on lockdown - please do not try to enter campus! working closely on situation.
is this part of the rose medical center investigation? thank you.
this is for . the video is potato because snapchat. lol at myself. ...
what hahaha why did it do that? i tagged on insta and it automatically tagged on twitter lololol
trump on democrats: "when they're in trouble they always pull out the racist word, and they are in very big trouble"
just what is his pandering?
you should write this up big
i know i'm just so lazy i haven't pitched would love ur advice about where i shud do it and how to go about it
lmfaooo idc i'll shake your hand with my foot
put er there
you're a ride or die. i respect that. but i just don't see it for your girl.
that's fine. but she doesn't deserve this bullshit.
social issues (platitudes) vs abortion (religion) 46% voters aren't partisan
count me in that 46%. i have no patience for team sports politics.
hey i saw your reddit ama but i don't have the wizard luke voice plug-in installed. can you translate?
he intoned his reply with a low rumble, "until mountains dwindle and seas heave no more, we shall not cease creating games."
hope you all enjoy the shoes as much as i do!...
congratulations on your new shoe line! best of luck! very very handsome picture of you.
nor did i. then i sawzall'd the catalytic converter off my bmw and suddenly drivers started seeing me at intersections.
the transformation was astonishing. i'd always assumed the "loud pipes" talk to be harley rider hogwash. nope.
trump played the media today. big league. crushed 'em.;))))))
actually no, he duped them, so now they'll scrutinize him like never before, &amp; pissed off black voters. idiot
trump says clinton bodyguards 'should disarm immediately. what do you think, yes? take their guns away. let's see what happens to her.'
he is an asshole.
new haptics sprinkled throughout system ui (especially pickers!) is really satisfying
distracts you from missing headphone jack.
bleeding cash at an alarming rate
is absolutely broke.potemkin economy. needs to help get him out of his mess.detente deja vu again. emails!
., &amp; push back fiercely on trump surrogate who says birtherism hasn't been campaign issue
how do the trump surrogates get out of bed in the morning? what a shit job
where will he eat? betting pool?
good question. he and/or his fam has done new-ish before (carbone, estela, upland), but rarely super new....
hello, good luck in this new project, is so wonderful, you have all my support!
thank you so much!
86yo eugene craig was armed w/this .38-caliber revolver when he was shot dead by sgt. doug ulrich, per
when did this happen omg
great comparison, kids just know . . .
trump is just using the little girl for a photo op. look how he is leaning over the rope, holding her by the wrist.
whoa, what's next for you?
i am moving to munich to be a house husband
okay i just saw what you were talking about. wow. just wow.
i know...and getting paid for it from a studio production...wtf...shame on him i must say
cosplay for is gonna be cool af, and match theresa's
this isn't the final mask though, i fucked up the diamonds so i gotta do that's gain but still i'm hype
the force awakens !!! i was too lazy to spell the whole thing out
i've watched it 8 times!
happy birthday to ! &lt;3
hank you beautiful
hello michael, do you know if there is a version of "septembers notebook" on spanish. thank you so much.
i don't know, humberto, sorry
crooked hillary might just as well have called them dumb negros. deplorable!!
such an arrogant bitch..i cant stand her.
hey m, i've been meaning to ask, is zero's "father," zizek, a reference to slovaj zizek? or is it just a common name?
yeah it's a reference and it's rooted in zizek's ideas on love
and the lighting dongle for the iphone 7 is already a problem... spotty connection with qc-25s.
my bose qc 25 plug isn't even fitting into the dongle. it comes right out
i bet the was cold. good is a good conductor of heat.
didn't sit , took 90 minutes of queuing , had to think of others :)
yeah well i work for a muslim who won the nobel peace prize so...
i need a silkwood shower.
per fbi investigation, its likely her emails were hacked. perfect blackmail target. she must not become potus.
this is an excellent point john!
meek mill is gonna end up killing someone.. ya keep using that man/and his relationship like a punching bag
for meek to be supposedly unimportant in hip hop, everyone keeps making songs to get his attention ?
i updated my phone and i literally have no idea how to use it. i feel like my grandma trying to use her tablet
what you mean i showed you!!
have you ever heard anyone, in your career, describe sid blumenthal as credible, jake?
sid blumenthal says you can trust sid blumenthal.
1 , i don't. i also don't believe baseless claims not backed up by evidence.
2..there are plenty of true reasons to not support hillary, why make up bs?
freedom of opinion isn't fact.
go to anywhere in holland. there's your case study. your opinion piece suggests that cities are car centric
coach a used to attend tubby raymond's clinic at
better running back. herrero or annichiarico?
i'd love to chat sometime and get your feedback on the back and forth between ps and xd.
most definitely
thieves don wet suits, flippers to steal golf balls from club lake...
if there are any pink balls in there they were mine.
no. especially if they are like kayleigh mcinerny who needs to take a break to eat something.
i am so sorry but they are all so obtuse and half baked. what is wrong with this world?
this is kinda interesting, actually. i want to see how this case turns out.
it's out of austria, not the us. their privacy laws are different. but also she asked her parents many times to take the pics down
my friends - let's include at conferences + our work
all comments noted. we must (and will) try harder. gender balance was stated aim for panels. should have policed more
&gt; what?!?!?! i haven't gone camping since i watched my first in 1988.
didn't sleep that first nite at . it's a resort today:
i will ask the what he thinks.
eh. i'm skeptical. he's notorious for taking the piss at performances &amp; lying down on stage &amp; stuff
omg who are you going with im going both days!!!
i'm going with wbu?
great comparison, kids just know . . .
meanwhile the president is standing behind the child, happy to take a photograph with her where she is front and center.
so what you're saying is it was alright to let them be slaughtered because they're different from you
that's called putting words into people's mouth and you would know that if you are smart.
after trump non-ambiguously says obama born in usa, press essentially vows to chase trump to gates of hell over birther issue.
hemmer/fox: "trump owns the morn news again", gets $$$ of free ad time + every cable net loves him as ratings king
shoutout to the cutest guy around love and miss you lots
you're beyond amazing! thanks babe
i will let mark cuban interview me for 4 hours on inmortality for 10 million
i bet you would do it for $1,000...how's the thumb?
huge love and thanks to who, at a moment's notice, will be patrolling the paddock &amp; pitlane in singapore for .
condolences for your loss
this is only my second time watching it i've been deprived
please fix that!
i knew kasich was a closet democrat
he had no path for nomination. why all this anger?
where are you? what are you up to? i wanna come see it. i need to figure out a time to visit your school.
still in ny, ill be at maker faire then heading to ga.
i will ask the what he thinks.
not worth going all the way to texas imo
why would you not? reminisce...
b.c fomo is real and i'm not in the mood to feel sad tonight
something that grinds my gears: seeing breaking news posted with links to articles 7 months old. all day, every fucking day.
today a revelation! trump admits was born in usa. how special of him. finally told truth!!
so why doesn't let guns into his rallies?
trumps playing the media like a fiddle.
i wishhhhhhh
ugh trust me, me too atleast we don't live ridiculous far from each other
yes, but you've got to get the hooks in place to deliver the info to octoblu first! :-)
tobais, your feedback is being heard. we are discussing internally. i appreciate it.
this inning is way uglier than its going to look.
meanwhile tampa doing everything they can to help the yankees this month
it's out of austria, not the us. their privacy laws are different. but also she asked her parents many times to take the pics down
so i don't understand why they don't just respect the wishes of their kid. that seems needlessly cruel.
recommend: grape variety, methods applied (such as saignee &amp; batonnage) respectful and lovely experience.
this could easily be a diplomatic choice at an afternoon wine and cheese reception (intl affairs)
haven't listened to it yet.. waiting for the right time
might be disappointed
., &amp; push back fiercely on trump surrogate who says birtherism hasn't been campaign issue
great show!
tfw you open a new tab to google something . . . and then completely forget what you wanted to google.
metagoogle should be ready pretty soon to fix that
no go in this all feels true to me
this convo has to be had and no one was having it
*must watch* trump's new entrance w/ les deplorabls banner and "do you hear the people sing?" from les mis (edited)
omg, this guy really is gonna be prez huh, lol.
austin residents please help these sweet babies: bastrop animal shelter overcrowded, in crisis mode
bastrop shelter overcrowded and only has a "$6,000 annual budget for supplies" donate:
"funeral" literally has "fun" in it...
"literally" literally has "liter" in it.
my finger was sad so i gave him a hat
family portrait!
not false, but trump also called for clinton's security detail to disarm and claimed bataclan massacre would've been prevented with guns.
i remember this secret service bit came up at least once a while back ( but anything else like it recently?
okay i love you we will find a good home
love u always
i believe there will be margaritas, bloodys, &amp; a small assorted selection of liquor along w/ delicious beer
excellent. they have you covered
going on hunger strike until breaks 1,000 followers. for
you're too kind, as always. my go-to source for all things mena
did not know you were from michigan! would ya look at that. mason native and proud spartan over here!
if only there were a mitten emoji!
my grandma asked my grandpa "hey honey wanna go see the new walmart"
that's what says to me
welcome . your stellar achievements have made us very proud !
sir need to make sure they get khel ratna.
you're perfect and i love you.
us asuka girls gotta stick together
l why you do this to me while i'm at work?!?! :(
that better?
so so sad! when will we ever learn?
underestimated trump followers. it was not politically correct but based on poll data
good morning loves! hope you love these new pics coming from
i hope when i go to my room during exxxotica that is waiting for me.
sometimes it has t7s opinions
this is illegal, probably
ah, the cuteness! this is too sweet! do you mind if we ask you if this was your first time visiting?
haha. first time up the empire state bldg &amp; first time in nyc for my wife but not me.
. what have you been doing with your life?
i saw that and the only thing i could think was oh my god why is she not wearing a helmet
we are now " les deplorables" and it is great!!
has anything ever backfired so badly? this is great! viva les deplorables!
from "mr. gorbachev, tear down this wall," "mr. putin, you're a strong leader. wait till you see the wall i'm gonna build."
russia isn't communist anymore, ask obama
you should stop before you're not tooooo far behind "phemale"
trump's buddy putin encourages beating of lgbt in russia. that set right with you?
when i see corey feldman is trending, but then i see why...
my reaction to corey feldman is similar. but, when i realize he's still trying to be relevant im like
. is it a declaration of war against those earnestly trying to improve the relationship between police &amp; communities?
. to endorse trump is to endorse the perpetual stream of vile things that have poured out of his mouth for months now.
i'm feeling the feldman pain.
let me know if you need me to dance around you in the background with my halo and wings... i'm ready fam
wait... did apple just basically live-search the web for gifs and drop them inline?
that's what i'm hearing! which is a hilariously bad idea. however, trying it now, they're being very thorough currently :(
corbyn supporters think labour will get 40% at the next general election.
14% more likely!
it's a new day &amp; a new chance to vote for afp. 20 votes/day from now until monday midday. links &amp; details:
can't vote from you celliaphone.
oracle briefing prior to
i'm there somewhere behind.
phil could of thrown someone at darkside games under the bus, or say something about lionhead and it could be the truth, but "class"
never said a bad word about crytek either after they continue to hold ryse hostage. class
aaap observatory will be open tonight, fri sept 16. mostly clear skies, though full moon - harvest moon. check out the cool telescopes...
would it be safe to look at the harvest moon through a telescope?
i just don't know how a bench warmer has made such an awful impact. just generating more hate tbh
u non stop tweeting about it shows that it is working...
the funniest thing ive ever made
you must not be very funny
ravens' rookie rb kenneth dixon is expected to miss four weeks with an mcl tear that will not require surgery, per source.
any news on kenny dixon
who is the basket of deplorables in startups?
... mongo. the devil be-incarnate.
i simply disagree with the innovation at the expense of my schools colors. nothing wrong with that
certainly entitled to your opinion. don't quite understand "at expense of my school colors". check out last week's uniforms.
trump just need these 3 steps to win over the black votes:
this is one of the dumbest articles ever published by the root, and that's saying something.
oh executive team: "f'k it, just use web views for everything, everybody uses...
well i am now
no headphone jack, but apple does include an adorable papercraft robot with every iphone 7.
cute. also, i'm irrationally upset that apple didn't include a plastic headphone box, despite never using them.
there will be another photo at the ace dinner.
but the result will probably be the same.
is teaching your kids about the dangers of guns so that they can be safe when handling guns
i just as you know tagged you. what you posted is dangerous and unacceptable.
wait, i'm lost. the phone just randomly caught fire??
yes, the battery caught on fire.
gettin caught in my feelings watching
shit boi that's nostalgic as godam fuck
saying goodbye to dad
my deepest sympathy. we said good bye to mine three years ago this past july. i miss him every day. i'll be thinking of you.
instead of we should all be talking abt latest wikileaks showing pay-to-play @ highest level of gov't
i know all this deflective bs is nuts!! so sick of it! &amp;
please change descr of vaxxed; as it is you're stating filmmaker's quack opinion as fact.
no data was destroyed. movie says that one of actors used the data to write a paper.
tortoises like carpeting and exploring
tortoise crap ain't fun though
i need to throw together a "baby buckeyes" sound for sunday morning. now taking suggestions...
there's a great commercial from the 90s where an equipment says "buckeye" in a really funny way.
things i've ingested today: coffee more coffee monster that's it
you reaally need to be careful. and this is a fellow caffeine enthusiast /monster lover telling you this.
i honestly might bc this place sucked ass
was it hx??
black families don't really have "go out in the damn woods" as high on their list of vacation spots.
okay this chart is also horribly misleading unless i'm missing something because it's seemingly not weighted by population.
"this affiliation is a great opportunity not only for our club, but for the city of wilmington &amp; our fans" - gm jason arnold
until ownership and management want to chew up and spit out the port city.
tomorrow delivers the weekly address on our plan to restore the separation of powers.
elect and you will have no power from which to be separated. has been your excuse,next hrc?
. speaking of ctr!
thank goodness the dems have smartened up. fight fire with fire!!
thats insane... you been in accidents ever? could be your age and where you live sounds stupid but its a big part lol
been in one accident two tickets license suspended once 20 yrs old living in suffolk county. $600 still sound about right ?
in central park w workshopping a millennial take on "the coast of utopia" to be distributed via 's snapchat
wait do you guys actually follow me on snapchat it's so fun
psa: voss' is on fire
i hope they kept serving food.
what's your issue with it? genuinely curious.
a lot of it is an old brooklyn/new brooklyn thing, especially since the comic character doesn't traditionally have any+
obama the america hater is at it again
wish you had a hint of intelligence to back up that statement.
shawn looks so fcuking good in this fit wow i can't stop thinking about it n he's so tall and nice i'm emo as hell rn
you know i'm almost 6ft right?
please change descr of vaxxed; as it is you're stating filmmaker's quack opinion as fact.
here is a review:
eliza living with paige is everything
what '90s movie do you think they're watching right now.
rip beardson, the only gay sodomite man i didn't hate.
the biggest neet of all the internet...
and how about you? have you served?
enlisted army 19 102 score on azvab went to higher calling 33 now look 23
i'm all about working smarter and not harder so this is right up my alley.
, is it teams you're working for?
love it she said douche jr.
got to call it like i see it
i bathed . i think the scratches will heal in a month or so.
six hours later i've woken from my brief nap. did i miss anything important?
for those deplorables defending buhari's plagiarism. if the case ever goes to court, it is buhari and not dep. director that would be sued!
so you are borrowing the word "diplorables" lol buhari has killed naija
remember when microsoft decided to expose their teenager ai to the internet? what is with big companies being so unaware?
i think it's because the people in charge grew up before the 90s, personally. dunno though.
i have repetitive stress disorder from scrolling down menus to finally get to my year of birth.
i can relate. on the other hand, my finger callous has disappeared from all those years of using a rotary dial phone.
always have: 1 poem memorized; 1 inoffensive joke to tell; 1 interesting reveal about yourself to share.
how do you not offend anyone anymore though???
glasgow, manchester, sheffield, leeds, nottingham, birmingham, oxford, bristol, exeter, portsmouth, brighton &amp; ldn!
yes!!!!!! oxford thank u!!!!!!!!!!!!!! @ my entire follower list whos in!!!!!!! feb 13th!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! galentines night party
a lot of it is an old brooklyn/new brooklyn thing, especially since the comic character doesn't traditionally have any+
...connection with the borough to draw from. so he feels akin to every other recent brooklyn transplant, except a bigger deal.
, feeling better now.
but it *is* friday, so let's celebrate!
kathie lee gifford has a really kind heart...and "wicked" kind fans!! yes, i am from boston!! ;)
and i'm taking her stuff home!! look at my babies, daisy!! one of them is yours
ken you have more patience and willingness than i... only seeing this all now but lol
i've been a lot better at not going down rabbitholes w/ these folks, but oh my god... :)
tomorrow we
what's the route? been meaning to join one...
you're beautiful . let's always .
love the rollerblades in front
okay this chart is also horribly misleading unless i'm missing something because it's seemingly not weighted by population.
and the range of 25-44 contains nineteen years versus six for 18-24, four for 13 - 17, etc. how is this even organized?
found on my camera roll: accidentally did the mr. krabs
wow 11 likes. this got a faked smile from me, guess i'm an idiot
the 6:21pm train from penn due ronkonkoma at 7:39pm is operating 16 minutes late due to signal trouble near bethpage.
thanks for a great day today! 45 extra minutes this morning on the train and now another 15!
.'s searing, urgent new title nobody is 1 of 2 political must reads in my books of the weekend:
good to know.
go to 14st $1.50 or 8st broadway for $1!!
lol anywhere around 40th ???
hi mitch ! just a little "hi" from france hope all is ok 4u . have a great we !
hello my dear martine! thank you for the "little" hi..this one and the last are bigger than you may think..xoxo
take 2 should and do it live???
we love you guys! watch every morning!
that seems like a wise investment
you make a very convincing argument sir.
sure tae bags are about $9 at home for those of us who buy our own food
yea, if you're buying 1000 at a time ya gowl
. if you unironically support that vile cunt hillary, you're the unstable one hombre. praise kek.
you've proven yourself to be the vile one i save the best for last!
when your mom requests to follow your finsta
when your mom follows your finsta :/
driving upstate with the windows down listening to "juturna" and straining your voice screaming the lyrics season
valid tweet
so someone posted that i am an horrible reviewer, and to let the real reviewers do it. didn't know there was a degree program for this.
from what i've seen, most of the reviewers who get a ton of hits are pisspoor.
wait no. this breaks my heart. i am so so sorry fadia. i am praying for you.
thank you love
iphone 7+ looks nice and all but it's just too big. seems like an inconvenience to carry around
i know, i know "that's what she said"
"it's time for an eye exam. read the letters." drake sits down, reading. "t, u, v" he stutters, "x." a stream of tears falls to his satchel.
you missed the w
have an iphone 7? has it completely failed to load from an icloud backup? us too.
also of note, dfu mode no longer uses the home button, as there's no longer a home button. it's now volume down.
i have never been so jealous of something someone wrote than this about eating with jonathan cheban
my favorite thing about cheban is that he's "straight"
thanks for sharing the article on hc chances of winning based on different situations,i've let polls drag me
p.s. i'm right here if you need a shoulder. hope you have a lovely weekend.
what does being lowkey have anything to do with that . . . .
head ass
i was debating that mexico one too, with all the vegas talk decided to get to oakland asap lol
they'll still be in oakland for a couple of yrs tough until they build a stadium
shelb you should teach a class
i think so too cause i see some whack ass instagrams
feeling good rump!
lol, i'm glad your thumb is feeling better, any chance you'll shoot the other off?
what trump just did is a disgrace.
what ? call millions of americans deplorable? oh wait that was you!
every family has their secrets
i'm about to order a pizza and get ready for .
i'll be damned if i come home from a long day of work &amp; i ask my wife what's for dinner &amp; she says "tacos"
your jamaican is showing
what a sick dude
it's fucked up that the most popular tweet invoking me is this...
you can vote as much as you have time. type sam's name in block.
just to be clear, i just voted 20x for sam. will they all count? really?
here we have someone who frequents the boys section at goodwill and is proud of it
or someone who is hiding a little boy scout in their basement and is proud
i don't know which section to get my dad's football tickets in.... someone help me
right field lol
and the range of 25-44 contains nineteen years versus six for 18-24, four for 13 - 17, etc. how is this even organized?
1/3 of outdoor participants are 45+, okay, and also 1/3 are below the age of 24. it's just split into way more sections.
if you think blowing up the middle east is the solution then you need to learn to read history books.
it's amazing how onfolks like this deny they are bigoted &amp; in next breath come out w/ mind-blowing bigotry.
this evian / dasani monopoly at the airport seems unamerican
yeah, and let's not forget about fiji people keep saying their lead it it.
honestly, i think we should go back to livejournal. it's still there you guys!
i've considered that. lj got a lot of things right that "modern" social networks don't.
i know but sigh i need someone next door for wine chats and food things
girl same move in next doorrr
7 questions we have about the trump foundation (and how donald used it to stop investigations into his fraud):
enough softball bias
// dear xcode 8: where did my "cmd /" to // comment code go?
did this ever start working for you? was busted for me also
bosnia sniper fire
you're crack
our veterans-especially prisoners of war and those missing in action-deserve nothing less than our utmost respect.
lame comments useless when you're losing. spineless bustards in the face of apocalypse. criminally feckless
exclusive: twice arrested illegal alien kills sheriff's deputy in dui
so now we give him free room and board for life. he just hit the lottery
yo ive been saying this for the longest
buy me one rich guy. still waiting on my shoes btw lol
here's an article from the new york times... heard of em?
doesn't mean a thing. ny times is trying to be all things to all people and failing miserably,
the truth always comes out. sid blumenthal was a clinton 2008 "senior advisor" and fed hrc intel at the state dept.
"the truth always comes out"? oh how i want to believe.
i've considered that. lj got a lot of things right that "modern" social networks don't.
my permanent account is still live...
poor old helpless media now says they were forced to cover trump's birtherism event today
stay on the plane
and ye me and him sorted shit out
check messages please xox
i think goof'd up when it named itself 91days but also termed each of its episodes as "days"
so here we are at the near end of the anime season with episode/day 10, and it's like, so what, u gonna give us 81 more episodes?!
100% chance i'm gonna cry today i love bernie sanders
update: i cried
rare photo of gary johnson visiting
haha! love it.
just to add, if the roles were reversed, i'd be on phil's side. consistency is important to me.
i'd have to see it to believe it, sony guys rarely call out sony , but i will take your word for it
why everybody got a soundcloud link in they bio tho
i got a link but you won't catch me showing herbs my gold
hillary pays people to troll the internet. i don't doubt for a second hillary was orchestrating.
just curious. whom is she pews paying.
we launched a new section on today for people who make music. say hi to !
i've emailed you - would love to reconnect!
highlight of the week: reading 's phd dissertation on women in evangelical academia.
i'd like to read it if you don't mind sharing it with me!
republicans in washington are working overtime to protect the wealthiest americans and biggest corporations.
hear he hear ye!!!
bosnia sniper fire
cracking me up. "bosnia sniper fire" spittake achieved.
nope lmao, tell them you only have $2, then you could pay $3 instead of $5
i want to pay $1, they won't take anything less than $3 and somehow end up paying $6
boyyyy... hey, come home this weekend?
you know i can't
you rule!! i need to talk to you!! soon!! :)
actually i only put half of my loot in the cart, then waited 4 her 2 leave &amp; went 4 round 2 there's traffic anyways \_()_/
wow... you really do have zero ammo. very sad!
it's friday night!
i'm there somewhere behind.
have to make sure you get in the front next time... :-)
my all-time favorite player as "little mark simon" is twins pitching coach neil allen.
and right on queue, there he is on the mound and being talked about on tv
i still love these today. some of the greatest kids meal toys ever put out.
convince me to not buy all 4 on ebay right now
chris matthews is amazing. love joy, but chris matthews rocks
i lost a lot of respect for him when i saw him fawning over conway.
so... sounds like anecdotal evidence that means nothing! you two new at this?
depends on what the anecdotal evidence is. people talking abt their own experiences that collectively show
ehat i saw briefly with yosp is him saying that hg should have marketed better and been truthful.
yeah but when you say this , it's not a self published indie, to him washing hands of it today well,,,
both, because apple has a good return policy.
don't have that unlock money!
ill get him sum bitches
he doesn't like them he just wants his brother back
my mom got tattooed for the first time in august and she's already been back and added to her sleeve
it's addictive lol
that stunt was the most vile, insulting thing i've seen this campaign season.
this from a faggt who wipes hillarys ass daily!!!
then what do you mean
im giving you a fact. if you gonna talk abt them then talk abt them as kurds, yazidi is not ethnicity
senate leaders are putting politics above their basic responsibility to hold a hearing for judge garland.
sounds like the work of trump money.
im like really proud of the rare jimin photos i have, like yess bitch i copped that lmao
esp. one of his photos from the butterfly dream exhibit. wish i had the beautiful black &amp; white postcard though..*sigh*
"i really want to be your greatest champion," tells community in miami.
is that right &amp; you really think now they are going to believe that bs. where have you been?
the people have spoken, scruff is a go
the people don't know shit
this evian / dasani monopoly at the airport seems unamerican
yeah, and let's not forget about fiji, people keep saying theres lead in it.
"we got played!" cnn reacts to epic press conference troll
hemmer/fox: "trump owns the morn news again", gets $$$ of free ad time + every cable net loves him as ratings king. boom.
nope. sorry, damaged person.
. and this person has 481 white supremacist followers.
so... sounds like anecdotal evidence that means nothing! you two new at this?
similarities, ie, women discussing sexism in their lives; black men/women discussing how police encounters
they're on a date, walking around the park right now, i can't wait man
im tearing up already
there's a group on candid called "church of blaire white" and it's getting a little wild.
i don't know whether to be relieved or worried.
literally dying... add boiling water
this is too much and i love it
i think i'm going to enjoy the 45-min drive into nyc to cover . card just got wonderboy v. woodley.
helwani says they are still trying to get connor for the main event mcgregor alvarez/woodley wonderboy/weidman romero/ frankie
crystal castles is playing tomorrow
no alice glass tho
i have these mascots for sale! only till sunday! so if interested dm or email me; notacreate.com
check out ;)
when the gang doesn't care about anything
when the gang takes too long to open the door
i'm the type of dumbass who opens a water bottle, drops the lid, bends down to pick it up and spills water everywhere
i broke a glass cup today spilling all of my ice cold water
ehat i saw briefly with yosp is him saying that hg should have marketed better and been truthful.
ppl are gonna say what the hell. he could of totally handled it better, used his words better. i know your a sony fan..but
special thanks for for letting the team have some of your riesling tasting leftovers.
but i'm the one who fixed her column online! where's my wine?
can you see what the protest (which i can only hear) is about?
it's really bad. i may end up leaving early. i can't work with this.
non trump things. the harvest moon, a female opposition leader was elected in japan, bill murray is bartending this weekend in greenpoint
make this a recurring post type?
the idea of this sound amazing but the reality of it must be ass
like what do you do after you take the picture ? lmfao
which ones will be televised? just headline and co-main?
i'm not positive
what a special day. i can't thank stonewall links, the volunteers, and the enough for an amazing event that i will never forget!!
i am rewatching the finals. 31st hole and i think you might not win. congratulations! us am scott v woods compare?
it's a shame gogeta never appears again. no, he doesn't. never. nothing can convince me otherwise.
i once pointed out some oddities in this movie.
should have been flashing with a siren emoji next to it.
seriously. on the bright side, apple support did +a job, and even helped me solve other issues on my mac.
family centred care could be pretty scary for the child..
that's true. as the mother of a child with - sometimes knowing their situation causes trauma. but it's their life.
i just suggested dildos at no bears and they took it
you're the worst
what kind of cell phone
wasn't specified but i don't think it was the galaxy 7 based on their statements
no i'm not a globalist &amp; i don't care what your father is...mate. mind your own business.
this guy has been going around for awhile. he claims he went to oxford... nursery school...
so... sounds like anecdotal evidence that means nothing! you two new at this?
differ than what white men/women experience. but hear you're using anecdotal evidence abt others; that is
also, skipping out on the iphone upgrade program might be advisable. purchase takes forever, requires a huge amount of redundant info.
if my updates are going to be as incremental as 6 to 6s to 7, it better not take me a whole day to acquire / setup the device.
tom is the sickle cell walk and i'm so mad i can't make it
i can't either because i got into an accident and my head and neck are trashed.
ehat i saw briefly with yosp is him saying that hg should have marketed better and been truthful.
the criticism here is pretty valid based on previous statements and overtures about hello games. can't believe it's this bad
*cyclones to high free spirits*
i should've bought more uos
i would never bully my son
this whole thread says otherwise
4,600+ rts in less than 24 hours
wow, how did i miss that? pure gold... speaking in comedy terms of course.
if my updates are going to be as incremental as 6 to 6s to 7, it better not take me a whole day to acquire / setup the device.
and my day has gone comparatively _completely smoothly._ some people are still waiting for step 1.
6 followers away from a $200 code giveaway
oh shit boo
halo 6 confirmed lmao
someone needs to make that a pizza... you had one job!
have a nice friday to
tnx so much bb
tate and shepard. not a huge shep fan but that matchup is tasty!
how could you possibly not be a shepard fan?
to believe the gospel is to fall in love with a god more father than formula more friend than fascist it is faith in faithfulness himself
tryna make up for setting a fire earlier with a tweet by talking bout jesus.
what a difference a year makes. happy adoption day, biggie!
that's on heck of a growth spurt.
i fully just came
this truly a feat. there were like 3000 emails
in the past 12 hours: -trump doesn't apologize for birtherism -lies that hrc is a birther -hints at violence against hrc -also: tax returns?
if we go to 24 hours we can include dr oz
son gets sick. that's bad. take day off from work to be with him. that's good. catch same cold. that's bad.
the frogurt is also cursed
also implying it's a mystery we honestly care about ;p im more excited to see how they're gonna fix the story
the story is fine holy shit...
ya... but her campaign did start it. that's not false.
did hillary or any of her surrogates question obama's birthplace? her campaign never acted on penn's memo.
so... sounds like anecdotal evidence that means nothing! you two new at this?
never going to be valid. you're doing the terrorists work for them; they want you thinking this way because it
if you voted 12-3 you were also wrong!
the one i would have voted for was not available: any time after midnight tonight
*except for being absurdly fast
it's really not? even despite the spec bump, most reports are seeing _slow down_
but alice glass isn't in crystal castles anymore like idk if it would b the same
lmao just so this.. so sad, i don't think it's as good
not much. just going to watch the a's game tonight.
that's wonderful!! i hope you enjoy the game tonight. should be a great atmosphere! who are they playing?
i forgot what i was going to tweet
i read, "i forgot what i was going to eat"
if i pick a character on stranger things i'm 25, but if i say i've never seen it i'm 50.
ok, i'll take it
102 on the asvab? congrats, you weren't a clerk. mos?
out while could pull with gpa trained fighter pilots during korean, worked for nasa. plus jack may c/ts
she &amp; reid are unwatchable. advocates not real journalists!
only people that buy that bs are already voting trump, keep it up though, sends fence sitters to hrc,
i never met pinto but teddy was mah nigga i miss him
pinto was his real brother
are you commentating rn?
right now right now? nahh
something very similar to this
i had to play never have i ever in class this semester &amp; everyone looked at each other like is this really bout to go down?
thank you for all the hard work you're doing to gotv for in pa! we will win!
don't you just love lucy? she literally is the best!
so... sounds like anecdotal evidence that means nothing! you two new at this?
will alienate moderate muslims in western nations, an attempted tactic to join radical groups. that's what
get them. they are awesome. even articulation and the sculpting for a kids meal toy is amazing. you need them
you're not suppose to tell me that
brilliant idea! honestly these people trying to rip us off aren't even being smart about it. they keep using the same po box lol
haha. it must have been a good giveaway!
yoga teachers! come to 's 25th annual yoga teachers conference. details:
have us teachers in training, from the upcoming oct-nov class, crash part of it for inspiration!
he loves you that much? lol
you can say that lol i have him blocked on this account
must be nice
it's definitely netflix and chill weather.
hello get your modular synthesizer fix for the day
watching this is amazing. he builds a sound patch cable by cable.
well, i know this half-empty jar of alfredo sauce has been sitting in the fridge for like 6 months...but it doesn't "look" moldy, sooo....
signs you survived the recession?
the greatest city on earth lmao
i just saw a hobo steal a pretzel from them and waited until he was gone to tell the guy... just so he knew
stranger things s1 e2, halfway through. o m g.
it's amazing, isn't it??
trump suggests clinton's bodyguards should disarm because "she doesn't want guns"
the can't get any douchier.
so... sounds like anecdotal evidence that means nothing! you two new at this?
terrorist attacks do; it's not the short-term deaths that is their goal, it's fear &amp; paranoia that infect ppl
(in related news, if anyone has a jet black 7 gsm that they want to sell for a small but not ridiculous premium, get in touch)
but pink is almost black
what when was this
two weeks ago. i have a herniated disc in my neck
wooow, that the galaxy note or some other phone?
nope, don't think it was the galaxy bc of samsung's released statement. but no one specified what phone it was yet
that's not what these morons think.
in other words, their racism is beating their self interest. what else is new.
our little human loves so much that he wanted me to wear bow tie... ...
whoaaaaa!!! so handsome and stylish!
that's... not the impression i got from gruber and everyone else's geekbench scores.
yeah these are more anecdotal is practical use, as opposed to rigorous in benchmarks.
many of us sick kids know we have to take over our health and display ideas early, too
i can say - i was very open w alex about her condition. and it has affected her. she overheard convos.
it's funny bc i have a little more than a 1/2 sleeve myself &amp; she talked shit, and now she is getting a 1/2 sleeve quickly
i'm close to having a half sleeve. i need more
rt &amp; follow to win -$100 giftcard to uhh -modern renaissance palette -holy grail palette goodluck
so i had it favorited but not rt what's wrong with me fuck
second day in a row q53 ditches passengers in howard beach. what is going on ???
happened to me a few times. never understood why
yeah these are more anecdotal is practical use, as opposed to rigorous in benchmarks.
do with it what you will; i can't even get mine online.
ever hear the phrase, you can indict a hand sandwich? lmao
it's his 4th known rape allegation. it's shameful to trivialize child rape. smh
- this is so dead on. nhl 17 is like skating in concrete. passing accuracy is way off. wtf!?!?
when are you guys going to fix this "one touch" auto pass garbage on hybrid controls???
i voted for obama twice i know what that nasty woman hillary did to obama. not gonna rewrite history "media"
what did she do? did she ever say obama wasn't born in america. did she ever ask for his birth certificate?
it's going to be so hard to return to jersey after being home for the past few days.
where's home?
so... sounds like anecdotal evidence that means nothing! you two new at this?
to make them fearful, distrustful, and destabilize those countries. the biggest gift is if we become more
this is why kb max's come in handy. only had two uos left so i saved those for nu's debut and cycloned with the max's instead
yeah i was thinking of picking those up or the penlas. we'll see, my eventer toolkit is not very large right now
you showed me how to draw for a text. that's all lol
and how you get the filter and effects
some girl on ig sells them! her name is lluvia_xoxo
thank you!!
oh shit goddam!
yeah, been popping percs for the pain. shit is whack
rams' gurley: we'll beat seahawks 'for sure'
did roger g tell you that lol
crazy beautiful day!
love -hubby and i are big fans. its our favorite show thank you for being a part of our mornings for the past 16 years
rt &amp; follow to win -$100 giftcard to uhh -modern renaissance palette -holy grail palette goodluck
keep everything else i just need your gift card babe
trump suggests clinton's bodyguards should disarm because "she doesn't want guns"
ya he said a bit more than that....
got my this morning i'm stoked
how much was this one?
they warn ppl before the flight and ppl ignore it
oh trust me, i know. i watch people blatantly ignore my announcements.
no flat tire no sale!
not sure what the typo was going to be but it is now made of
when lebron gets to team up with the goat again!&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
chalmers to the cavs?
oh shit ahmad streams are back pogchamp
the classic! only the og stream monsters know!!
autocabbage just changed "gruber" to "grindr" and i'm dying.
approximately correct; the best kind of correct
the offense was pathetic. the defense was worse. the coach isn't gonna fire himself.
if you are saying "himself" as in his twin brother then yea i agree
think it is just a healthcare difference. very unlikely in england we'd allow that many people around bed at same time
i agree. and looking back - i wouldn't have let her know as much as she did. but she's 9 now - and she has to learn.
why is ctr so bad??? we hit you with pure facts and you make a dick joke. nice life.
i had a rough work week. i'm going to the gym now. here's some facts &gt;
omg why am i just seeing theres a new album
it's ok! it's been like less than 12 hrs
so... sounds like anecdotal evidence that means nothing! you two new at this?
authoritarian, sacrificing democracy for the illusion of safety. that's what trump is promising you, &amp; it's a
. is among my favourite-ever presenters.
awww apparently you didn't see the beads of sweat :)
better than nothing!
: *sigh* i guess.
women are so hard to read sometimes it's scary.
kick ass in your date!!
yeah i know, got amped up for the season too. it was just time
i would go but i got a monday morning meeting i cant miss lol
and her hat
whyyyyy did you have to post this?!
that could work. makes a bit more sense. still holding out for the 3 big east remains to be included
i don't even know what to expect at this point. it's such a mess.
wait...is another hashtag to call us all deplorables again
. no one said all trump followers are deplorables. just the one who are, say, the 's segment
me currently
damn i thought they said while people don't got lips
his grandma supposed to watch him tonight while im in class and im having second thoughts
you want me to take care of him?
watch ally post a snapchat story with this filter today
the syrup looks like trumps hair
no calling them out for protecting hillary
its all good eboni. i understand your situation &amp; know when you get into that voting booth you're voting hillary ;)
friday nights are pizza night... ha, did the same :)
look what you did, now i want pizza!
these girls really hyped up to go see the blair witch ion't get it... ppl running through the woods??
have u seen or know about the original movie of the same name from the 1990s?
trump's habit of projecting his actions onto someone else is what 6-year-olds call "i know you are, but what am i?"
send a message to young voters that are not registered to vote. we need their support too. the world knows of donald trump.
go to 6:30 ish and listen to the 'where is my mind' mix, so beautiful
is the full cover
1st pass out we ran a 3.93 &amp; picked up a bonus point, 2nd run it went up immediately in tire shake. currently qualified but ready for tmrw!
-- good luck
so... sounds like anecdotal evidence that means nothing! you two new at this?
lie. it's always been a lie, because that's what demagogues do. the comparison to hitler is that he promised
let's be clear: just admitted that he peddled fake conspiracy theories to attack the integrity of .
no he didn't you lying bitch. get a sock &amp; stuff it in that big mouth of yours.
nps has better statistics.
yeah, these seem a lot more grounded in some sort of methodology.
that's so scary
verryyy. fire in the cabin ain'tt jokkke
hey! ! go outside right now and look at the moon!
this was good advice
reading slump. giving myself permission to not read cuz i don't feel like it.
need to get some writing done.
texas rangers.
division game i see haha. rangers have had an impressive season but i know oakland will play with pride and play them tough in this
great comparison, kids just know . . .
kids possess a six sense to spot a con artist a mile away!!
nails done so it's officially time to get this money fam!
yes shoutout for the idea!
what about $bcs?
think is laying wood on $db in retaliation for $aapl tax issue.
iphone wouldn't activate, corp employees visiting store randomly overheard. called cupertino &amp; had someone override setting, activated
what is with you and these apple store power moves?
if i was craving it id go mid fire
i would demand my chili cheese dog be cooked over the open fire.
how gefilte fish got its groove back
not sure it ever lost its groove
sometimes it thinks ueshama is a zoo animal
oh so that's what basu is into huh
better read the small type in your contract first, b.
be careful...you will end up in the podcast too
however if child comfortable with it (as this one may have been) then supposenot a problem
now at age 9 - alexandra is still not fully comfortable. she tells me she's "going to die".
ty happy friday my friends
for u too .. tnx so much hon ... hope u have great weekend
i guess i missed that.
i don't recommend watching the interviews. it's disgraceful.
on centennial wheel at navy pier. don't see what big deal is. not the high roller.
hey bigdan,a little addition to my 'every day hat'.not every day anymore
spent 10 minutes in a gun store today. really freaked by the other customers. posing w/guns, mugging for selfies, laughing, etc.
i had a livingsocial for a gun range once. was greeted by this poster at the door. freaky crew.
obama's pattern of malfeasance is clear. he is flaunting constitutional limits on his authority, violating the law.
he doesn't care what america thinks he's making a movie
follow-up: i received 8 cases of delicious la croix sparkling water this week.
delete your account.
has anyone used and have thoughts? i'm done with i think.
yes; not *thrilled* with the quality of finished documents (some sections had kind of a mad libs feel), but good enough.
last time i was at this buccee's, my dad dared me to sit in this, so i did and i got yelled at
that toy is not a toy!
50,000 by sting sounds eerily like invisible sun by his own band, the police. can he sue himself for copyright infringement?
is there a link for those of us who are dying of anticipation overseas?
those dumb fucks dnt listen smfhh
do they ever!?
i love when people glow up and unfollow me like i wasn't one of the only people at ur show 3 years ago lmao
sounds pretty specific
how can i watch the night it airs if i don't have cable?
i watch it on cbs website at 9:00 pst
so... sounds like anecdotal evidence that means nothing! you two new at this?
to save germany from ppl he blamed, mainly jews, but also communists, gays, gypsies. you don't have to make
phone been dry af lately
but i texted you
im gonna make out with you while we are there
that's exactly what i was gonna say to you when i see you there.
america will be raped by trump. prevented by voting for dems.
hand half of the population will be rounded up after takes our guns if she is elected!
sonys fucking up in spades right now. xbox community are in nirvana. nothing to be triggered about
this guy reaching hard lol hahaha triggered
i do. i beat his ass a couple times. ain't that right?
bro... you can't let her smoke you on the sticks
irrelevant, really. the claim is about the source. the source was her campaign.
lol nice try. trump is &amp; always will be the face of the birther movement. no amount of spin will ever change that.
of course not and didn't even share his medical history. cmon...he's 70 there's plenty missing
what did he share?
great to see montgomery clift on this list. he is all too often overlooked.
one of the giants
so... sounds like anecdotal evidence that means nothing! you two new at this?
that choice. you can make the choice to be better than that.
holy shit we mentioned each other at the same time
hahah it's love
got drunk instead of doing my hw fuck
that's the decision i'm contemplating now. i'll prolly end up doing homework though.
and blamed hillary, and offered no apology. only made a statement because he was shamed.
were you dropped on your head.
i should probably start watching fargo
should've been watching it from the start son
i hate that people who choose not to serve dead animals at their weddings are nervous/stressed about upsetting their guests! screw that!
totally agree
but... are you really?
who knows
on a very crowded bus full of old women who all want a seat. and now i see how scarcity causes aggression.
unequal distribution of seats is the source of chaos and disorder.
i am sogo the band
but why didn't it automatically tag your personal account? it don't not make no sense.
., &amp; push back fiercely on trump surrogate who says birtherism hasn't been campaign issue
unbelievable these supporters are completely brainwashed!
michelle on hillary:"if you can't run your own house, how can you run the white house!
yeah that means a lot today, wasn't that the same year clintons went to trump's wedding? or the year trump called for cp5's death?
combined with the "clinton started it" and lies about iraq on fox business, trump has tied or exceeded his 12 false claims from yesterday.
sadly, i'm guessing his attack about cosmo and ivanka is too subjective to be classed as an outright lie/false claim?
. doesn't just punch my kitty. he kills it, burns the evidence, and gets away with murder.
he's got the weapon to do that
jeez maybe impossible
so i'll stick to 1 and 3. now to figure out a poem and something interesting about myself.... i'm so much better at offending
upstate, ny. the catskills.
i lived in upstate ny for a year, in a small town called salamanca, on the alleghany river...
i hate that people who choose not to serve dead animals at their weddings are nervous/stressed about upsetting their guests! screw that!
i'm a wedding photographer and it drives me crazy to see couples bowing to pressure to make their wedding about everyone else.
wish you weren't such a gullible, brainwashed fool.
have you looked at yourself lately.
i know what rape and abuse is. as i'm a survivor of domestic violence + run a page on google to help other victims+survivors
sorry to hear this hope everything is better, i was bulled and in school and mental abuse survivor, all the best
well you could just not weekender then you should have pto by then right
i have pto right now but i don't have the more important resource, the good grace of my coworkers
anthem's hold message is just the same 15-second music loop over and over. i may actually drive to wherever they are and strangle them all.
if you can survive the 15-second loop for 20 minutes, they determine that you're fit to insure.
i've caused confusion! was commenting on presenter calling family centred care as whole team being present
if i could go back - i'd not let her hear the rounds. i'd not let her hear the convos in clinic.
ridiculous ass
the boy is a straight fool
good one its ok its almost over less than 60 days and u can move to canada
of course, now you rest, kiddo.
not in halo 5 it isnt xd
it is fine. you just want a straight forward silent game with nothing explained.
donald trump on hillary clinton bodyguards: "take their guns away, see what happens to her"
this asshole panders to all that is small minded about america.
and your' supporting a man that has said women should be treated like (expletive). lol
go and sleep plz, u sound tired. politics is not for children.
how? liberals talking out of ass as usual
i'm not a liberal, bless your heart.
should i go live right now? who would watch?
go live now
you should post that to
i sent it to emmett this morning and he liked it back.
i hate that people who choose not to serve dead animals at their weddings are nervous/stressed about upsetting their guests! screw that!
a wedding is about the couple. it should reflect their likes/dislikes/values.
this week: longing for those simpler days - of flip phones via
my mother in law would really appreciate this.
slide sandal / snapback / t-shirt will be avaible for purchase soon stay posted ...
proud of you bro
no one is allowed to judge me on my nails tonight. no one.
i will judge you godlittle.
if you're ever feeling down in life, just remember there are people who still listen to dubstep
god bless dubstep
shout-out to my local grocery store, which will let me order for pickup so i can get soup without going in and making anyone sick.
no delivery? then you wouldn't have to go out!
so aren't you saying that i can't judge racism because i'm white? and why is that not racist?
then, i suppose brit, those who cry race can't see it thru our eyes either.
no one can tell me why my day ticket for was canceled. scalpers resell them for $1000, but an honest person can't go.
email me heath at and i'll get it fixed for you. a few tickets were cancelled today due to suspected fraud
connect everything,innovate everywhere,benefit everyone, ourpeopledeal is a big deal, thx
thanks . appreciate you making it a big deal...tgif!
maybe that spot on 3rd in dogpatch? not sure there is someone that would respond to pops, but looks like they can fade :)
the fade part is easy, the knowing the reference part is hard.
my history of revolution i welcome your ideas for v2
's dates to 1947, not '74 administrative behavior p198
i've noticed a lot of people angry on the internet today about bad guacamole recipes and white models wearing dreadlocks
and here my outrage was directed to deaths in , lack of funding for , &amp; trump's driveby lite infomercial
the true measure of progressivism after 8 years of it, the vast majority of americans say we're on the wrong track.
we regressed on every front after him if hillary gets the white house here comes real slavery
did not end anything. kept going for years. also proven many times hillary didn't start it.
wrong! he got the white house moron to show his birth certificate
this has happened like three times this week
wtf at school tho?
so ken does your butt actually hurt
not a smidge. :)
over already.. plans changed.. she could on do quick drinks no dinner... so confused
ohh well. on to the next one.
don't dispute family centred care at all - its really important!
it is. it truly is. alexandra was deeply scared by surgery. still is.
our domain is set up! any tips for moving docs from an existing acct to new? takeout?
yes google takeout. how many people? how many docments?
cute cute who's all going?
everybody.. me my moms courtney ava jayden yahnyece
i'll probably take the ferry in and then watch it around the stadium, unless we find a backer bar
i think there's a usc bar in the city, i'll find out
good luck to day broddie bring home that dub
thank you bro
smh shouldn't even be called big room tho lol
whatever it is that section is kind of lit
when are you hosting one in philly?
it's a lot more likely now than it was a month ago, so while nothing is on the books, stay tuned!
pay day means ticket purchase day. midland sorted baumel + parasole all purchased. now waiting for and always human.
i'm waiting too lol. wurst is slow a f
undercover boss? cubs president theo epstein attempts to go incognito at wrigley field
slightly better than the gorilla suit!
boner alert
i just mentioned that kind of weapon in my last tweet
ha.. would have loved to meet over coffee
i would have loved to as well. some other time, maybe.
i honestly dk i'm trying to figure out if it's true bc i see a few people tweeting about it
what did they say
blair witch really proves that the hubbub surrounding the original film's release was essential to its effectiveness as well as its success
the trailer for inferno is the best comedy of the year
tfw for sure
oh now we're talkin
whale watching vs. chasing?
you have to see whales to watch them but you can always chase :)
going to the feast next week with my dad! can't wait!!!
best time of the year!! probably going to go again next week - needed to do a walk through tonight!
can you please tweet here also when you have a request episode. never get the chance to request one.
yes i will tweet here for my next request.
time for the "bee hive" book. and learning about these fancy mycro survhuses.
i hope this isn't the start of some big project of moving over to a soa. i still have nightmares from groupon.
trump's 48 hours - mocks pastor - son makes gas chamber joke - strands his press corps - birtherism hotel promo - hints at hrc assassination
&amp; many still support this mess of a candidate!
i need way more myself
i know my grams is gonna have a fit lmao
i was telling u to get yourself checked that day. im glad you did. its never good to wait. if youre feeling bad, go get checked
...i'm in bad shape my brother.
fear and loathing in hell's kitchen
my nicknames for therapy and industry tbqh
also: not serving meat/animal products doesn't equal serving just giant plates or kale or twigs and mud or whatever
this is honestly my plan though. sticks and rocks.
once again back is the incredible the rhyme animal the inedible
welcome back!
it's like riding a bike and a dick at the same time
this is a thing you can see in the windows of the amsterdam red light district, in use.
whoa, just discovered that scrolling the crown "up" on an apple watch while the display is asleep turns it on but very faintly.
series 2 only? no dice on my series 0
how much of twilio's revenue is spam? 60%? more? i don't think i've ever received a real robo call but i get 5 spam a day
pct wise, id guess low. most of twilio rev is legit sms and connection lookups, right?
my nicknames for therapy and industry tbqh
are those still places there?
its like he just learned the word and desperately wanted to use it asap
he is responding to my tweets but we are triggered lol
what if we just renamed our show to the boatmender's league?
the adventures of the boatmenders' league!
enter the pentax
yup. agree 100%!!
gonna try gin with la croix and lemons since tonic has too much sugar. will report back.
it's very good but i can't taste the gin. which is dangerous. and delicious. mostly dangerous.
great to hear! learning &gt; the child should have the choice where appropriate :)
alex still doesn't want the choice. she says she's 'fine'. but it is her life.
oh my god, my condolences fadia. my heart is broken for you and mario. prayers up for you and lil bruh.
thank you
hillary wants us to forget about whitewater. sorry hill, we can remember unlike you!!
they are crooks plain and simple always have been have more integrity in a pinky tip then these two
ccleaner needs to be reinstalled
i believe that's a manx.
the getting roasted by the yahoo fantasy app
amusing, but the cry/laugh emoji may have been a bit much. then again maybe i just don't get fantasy spors tech nerd humor.
scary thing is u can now ... shit i'm worried
best ridiculous convo ever.
i guess not! what is that demographic, though? i've heard it from men and women.
to me it just seems like something a street-harasser would say
i dont know. geopolitics is not something i even dare scratch the surface on...
pretty clear they were pissed off though.
oh no. i am so sorry to hear this. hugs from la.
thank you
my favorite combat boots broke today and i'm in mourning
i fucking feeeel you that's the worst feeling !!
i always knew me &amp; were on in the same page . now i know &amp; life is just that much better now
love you
little humblebrag that you won week 1
nah i just wanted the whole thing in there, but that was a nice bonus
he's such a hater
for real thoughh
what happened?
that justin probably got into a fight
i just don't get where some guys get off telling cam girls that we are begging when we promote our stuff and then tell us to get a job
do not listen that person is a clown
border line child abuse to have your child stand with trump
you can see it's at the least emotional abuse.
knee-jerk media bashing is bullshit. there is no "the media." it's reporters doing their jobs. 16/
just like there is no "the government." just normal people going to work everyday.
sending you all my love and prayers. i'll make sure i tell my koko to look out for her up there. you
thank you
great to hear! learning &gt; the child should have the choice where appropriate :)
now we have her in therapy and it's helping. she was carrying a huge burden of knowledge she did not have
google+ circles? ;)
using g+ would be one way to keep posts private, even if you don't remember to lock them friends-only!
so nervous dming for the first time
wait this is your first time? this is gonna be great!
it was a galaxy phone wasn't it? lol they all been catching fire they got a recall out.
nah it wasn't. but they haven't specified what it was
pitt is abusing penn state so bad that if joe paterno were still alive he'd actually tell the cops about it
i wish i'd seen this last weekend. i wish i could do multiple rts!
some of us work for ms and use github with personal addresses. also, great post.
thanks!! also, me too
great to hear! learning &gt; the child should have the choice where appropriate :)
the rational mind to understand.
i'm not sure why i enjoy butter noodles with parmesan cheese so much, but i do.
bc it is the most delicious food on the planet
shittiest week ever get capped off with the shittiest day ever
cheer up buttercup, you get to see me tonight
i didn't say that my solution. if you think importing millions of arabs who want to kill jews is the answer...
where are you getting this number. these are refugees who fled from extremists. how can you lump them in
it's very good but i can't taste the gin. which is dangerous. and delicious. mostly dangerous.
i mean, i *taste* the gin, but it doesn't kick me in the ass, so i don't really taste it. it's good gin.
yes we the american people remember 9-11 &amp; benghazi &amp; that you lied to protect hc americans deserve better djt
could do that easily.
3/3:, your readers do &amp; should care about issues impacting women &amp; children. keep the focus where it belongs-advocating change.
. people saw you as the only "sane" trump. don't prove them wrong. support *parental* leave for reasons cited.
and my brother, claude, said he got the chance to meet you while you guys were waiting to cross the street!
ah yeah! i met him - what a cool kid!
smh. which airline you with if you don't mind me askin
oh i can't lol
a good amount of people my age are successful and making a decent living &amp; here i am laying in bed eating chinese food.
sounds good
yes! perfect for this time of year!
she who cannot be surprised
you're lucky he didn't make you pay for it!
nah he just sat there mad as hell... he deserved it
dear any player wants to boycott the anthem on 9/11 should be asked to remain in the locker room until kick off. it's not their moment.
perfect solution...if u don't want 2 b a part of it,stay n the locker room until the game is starting.jst a matter of respect
isn't that gorgeous??
oh, yeah! !
so the first ep of greys was aight
give it a season or two &amp; you'll be sending shonda your therapy bills. the emotional distress bout to be real
happy birthday to my guy , the man with the green yeezys
thank you sir i've been wearing them now to the bodega on purpose. the kids love me
unless people leak it to folks who aren't your friends.
true, but that's not really a technical flaw with livejournal.
i'm done with bruce after this weekend
welcome to the club
oh my gosh i'm so sorry! how devastating! hang in there. you gave bruh the best life a pup could ask for.
thank you
the snuggle boy is handsome
i want him. bring him to me, please and thank you.
i didn't say that my solution. if you think importing millions of arabs who want to kill jews is the answer...
w/ this paranoid fantasy.
wow -- what a madhouse today! thanks for talking with the students.
crazy time, but so great to see you and the students.
i'm so dead and the show hasn't even started
babycastles has beds right
did you see the show better late than never?
yes. hysterical
looks like they are following the lead of the union
it's not the sfpd it's the scpd. niners stadium is in santa clara not san francisco.
oh okay. thanks lol. i haven't been on twitter for a while so i thought i missed something.
awww we're trying to find out though
bills used 2 1st rd picks for sammy + spent millions on tt,clay,&amp;mccoy. who does roman give ball to on 4th &amp;1? ej?
yea wasnt that after rex called a timeout (wasted) when he tried to get them to jump and still went for it after
. tells miami crowd take away clinton's "bodyguards" and let's see what happens to her. what?? and they both have usss
it's so great to listen to what an anti-american racist moron he is when he goes off the telepromter
dead ass would've penciled his name in
lmao all of that b real shxt
your next assignment is to get steven cree and duncan lc to follow angus' angels.x.
definitely, join the group &amp; enjoy the fun!
overlaps with events though.....
overlaps with me not being in japan
this photo actually made me laugh on air.....
what orchestra are you conducting?
i literally was sitting waiting to hear sumthing like this cuz there was gonna be that one stupid ass that kept it on
then again, it's probably not that phone
mom after she refused flu shot: how do i keep child from getting sick?
did toe inhibiting eye roll functions get a workout ? cc
he needs a blow job and a shot.
lmao that's so true, there's some obvious stress he needs to relieve lol
i commend our officers for their bravery tonight in the incident near penn station. keep them in your thoughts as they recover.
good luck sir you are a class act great leader
what is with you and these apple store power moves?
no idea but i was just about to give up when they overheard me and i was like "wait, what?!" apple angels really.
ya and then the astros. both should be exciting series.
how many games have you attended this season and do you live close to the coliseum?
hillary never said that but, being a trump supporter, you don't care.
well she corralled up part of the electorate already! and she is anti gun!
strong op-ed in by on importance of trade for u.s. jobs, growth and national security.
no against bad trade where politicians get rich and americans suffer you guys don't make good deals
not exactly what abe lincoln had mind: a party that advocates slavery.
the ones advocating for slavery is the party that wants illegal immigration so they can pay laborers $3p/h to pick tomatoes.
even in sadness is my favorite.
awesome pic!
downtown nightlife groundbreaker to end epic run on oct. -
damn, it's the end of an era
oh, you will be niall horan in truth slash fiction? i'm a niall girl, i have to be a upton girl too
i support this call! , , get it trending haha
isaiah, baby, let's do a shoot with you in chulo!
i'd love to!!
i had a good ass day until tennis practiceand i still have an hour left. pray for me before my limbs fall off bc of running
get off your phone
friday night is for bug writing
i originally read that as bug catching
all the media is soft on that racist nazi
i don't believe joy would be.
if voters liked hillary, she wouldn't have needed to rig the primary. she could have just gotten them to vote for her. imagine that
imagine an alternate universe where bernie is up 15 - 20% over trump
. on now live
he was perfection!
lack of control scared me as ill child, maybe chance to give greater sense of control?
agreed. therapist told me "she knows too much".
how often is too often to get tattooed?
there is no too often. live your life.
if you didn't spend countless hours playing on this rug, you're not a 90s kid
did u have this rug
i should probably respond to your email then
ah, this was totally not meant as a subtweet to you! the article was even better than a reply. thank you though :)
i'm in love with the start gallery at . the super friendly introduction helps visitors, uh start
introductory rooms. love to see how institutions really break it down ()
nobody dictates to me, dumbass. it's part of why i'm a success and you're a pathetic loser.
way to show ur maturity...
not sure. 48 teachers but not all have existing accounts. no idea on file .
put everything in a folder and share everything to new account - much easier.
i feel like if the album is terrible we'll get to see lady gaga in evita live! on nbc, which i want more anyways.
you're right. so i probably shouldn't download this new album then?
imagine being so fat!
imagine being so shallow and useless that you come for a non existent lace front
major reality check
i love love you
how do we get some of these in texas? (seeing as we're turning out to be a *possible* battleground state
we can make that happen. email me at wendy at wendymacnaughton dot com
anyone want to take a guess as to what this'll be?
a u.s. road into australian roadways because australia has left hand driving.
he joked about hillary being killed again
like kellyanne cares. she has completely sold her soul to the devil.
tammy made me the cutest goodbye present from los angeles to stanford and it even has a lil rat
we have matching rats now
next jcp item of discussion should be how to get more diversity in that group. wow that is terrible
no. it's important.
first experience placing an order for a drink with a machine at the bar. awful. give me humans.
sticky touch screen *barf* and a bartender more concerned with washing dishes. the future ain't what it used to be.
white male philosophers generally sympathetic to narrow views.
grateful for this comment.
vt keeping it super real
sorry abt that oxbow!
aw, would u look at that
i am back in a dark place
. said 100 rts and he'll sing bear territory on the plane then deleted it when he saw me get after him lmao
the man has a family. don't put him through that indignity.
do you like hacking? do you like $150? come to our hack day tomorrow-&gt; build on the new bebo also and smash bros
do you wanna come
lol.... i'm confused
bruv idek i was doing something lnfao !
neil allen was a good pitcher. not "let's trade keith hernandez to get him" good, but good nonetheless.
decent reliever. probably be a set up man today.
pretty much a horseradish delivery fish for me.
same. i pile on the pink stuff. jewish grandma in training
i do recall her getting a dub with the western all-stars lmao
damn b you gave her too much power
as is your right! (altho admit it, you'd be doing that even if you weren't vegan!)
i just love watching people eat sticks. hence, rabbits.
she spread the lie obama was a foreign muslim and on 60 minutes when asked did not say otherwise
lol you compare that to five years of trump trying to humiliate obama? that one interview is worse?
you read that correctly. never made it past third season back when it aired.
oh... got it. well, i liked everything except the last season/end :(
thanks princess !
just keep on singing and melt my heart like a ice cream
lmfaoo this is hilarious.
thought i fixed tht
yes, ask what tv shows she watched while home w/"pneumonia"
girl-on-girl porn. that's her preference and she's repressed.lets quit lying-she got hacked sneaking
wouldn't pay for email? don't pay to trade.
ya but doesn't stop me from emailing due to volatility or volume.
5 minutes into the carnival and i spilled coke all over my white shirts :)
update i ripped a hole in my leggings :)
i've been told by professional photographers samsung's color is less natural. your thoughts?
after analyzing all the side by side comparisons i could find on the net today, i'd agree.
how do we get some of these in texas? (seeing as we're turning out to be a *possible* battleground state
on second thought, let's take this to dm. follow/follow
lmao triangle virginia
i dont even know where that is
just answered the question about hf perfectly and it was awesome
thank you. its a real crisis.
today is my birthday and i'm celebrating with the same crew from yesterday plus britney...
happy birthday!
"pull with gta"?...
pull with grandpa he trained fighter pilots during korean, went on work for nasa. jack may gr8 uncle top secret i got involved
moon over fenway
i drive 2 work at 5 am and the big moon slides below the horizon as i listen 2 news: nyy lost a game they should have won.
such a love/hate relationship with the friend networks over the past few months. but thanks! might be a binge then into obscurity
you do what you gotta do. just stay well.
of violetmary has gone round the bend! she'll never return. ...
i shall miss her. /cc
yu scary
hell yes. after that second picture i'm good
what tent is that in? must play with the 3d pen tomorrow!
the medx studio tent! so much fun!!
how cool! love that!
why am i not surprised lol
ok, spontaneous twitter q &amp; a. i'm not going to correct my awful spelling. it's just funnier that way. ...
when will you be on ?
donald trump on hillary clinton bodyguards: "take their guns away, see what happens to her"
only authoritarian states like russia, syria, china &amp; n. korea call for assassination of their political opponents.
imagine face swapping with elizabeth lmao
that... is an image i like to burn out of my imagination
so happy fallon powder puff interview pissed you off. hope it ruined your day. racist xenophobe? lmao hes done more for
blacks than your boy al sharpton or the "reverand" jesse jax. so tiresome this dope narrative you elitists push!
the issue here isn't whether you're 4 or against president . it's about national interest
indeed &amp; what is pi national interest? how far us will go to assert pi eez rights? us did not blockade
tt runs well yet roman never had him roll out to use his legs. not getting sammy or clay enough targets.
seems like your using him as a scapegoat too when rex just isn't a good hc when is it his time?
my final is a book i'll take with me. it's a well-loved tome that helps you understand everything better.
aaaaaaannnnd my vacation begins. "mon seul guide est mon plaisir." not that i need to remind myself of that...
trump is more of an originalist than obama, sad considering he was a constitutional law professor
and it's statements like this that are so out of touch, it would take too much time on twitter to even address
merge multiple genres into one does that.
trying to decide what song to open with tonight
we all know he did that 2stop press from showing aa woman pastor slam him live. u fell 4 it
that was beautiful, showed raw footage, crowd was all over trump, she stood up for him &amp; he lashes out, anyway
is that sf? if so which vendor? looks
yes it's sf, place is unicorn pan asian at pine street. it was yummy!
bismarck has been in for a few weeks prinz is going in
yeah yeah tell me when they add large ship construction
c'mon fam just hit my dm with the link to the red camo hoodie i need it
was a zumies exclusive bro
lmk wanna win perferably dont suck
i'm down u got skype?
anyone wanna chill on skype?
ya i'm down. i'm doing hw need a break.
only hillary clinton and donald trump will participate in first presidential debate.
that is awful.
bought it on amazon!
thanks for sharing !
ios 10 is one step forward in aesthetics, two steps back in usability.
personally i think it was three steps forward and one step back in terms of usability. this is one of those steps back.
please send help cc
it looks like there's a toupee on your leg.
trump is more of an originalist than obama, sad considering he was a constitutional law professor
how off-base you are. i doubt anything either of us can say that'll change your mind, so i can only say, i
knicks home opener giveaway 2 free tickets competition ends 22nd oct. rt this tweet in be in the running follow this account
i've retweeted about 4 of these.: is that enough to be in it? lol
no they was just describing it pretty much like the guy and stuff
oh that's weird because no one is talking about it on my timeline
hillary clinton surges back into the lead over trump after pneumonia scare via
robbie mook = trump surrogate. kaine criminally feckless
too late for sunset, but night by the lake.
where are your pics?!
okay, good. i was getting a little worried
you should know this by now, kid! you've been around for a minute
whose dick do i have to suck to get my friends to come to my art show?
i dislocated my rib
nix? le coucou too schmance?
not too shmance, and he's done starr before (and he's repeated restaurants of the same family before).
all radr4lf family invited anytime any day..
much love n respect to you fam
or, as doc &amp; others suggest, st is v wrong w/polling demos and/or turnout models.
yup, that's my thought as well, but always willing to consider i'm missing something
back in 2007, questioned obama's birthplace and supported friend bob kerry
no obama owes the american people an apology for making apology's around the world
i just googled and it's two hours from me
hahaha omg this happens like everyday
blacks than your boy al sharpton or the "reverand" jesse jax. so tiresome this dope narrative you elitists push!
he's a xenophobe because he wants all islamic immigrants vetted! yeah.. what a hate monger! hope you're nights ruined!
how many games have you attended this season and do you live close to the coliseum?
i've attended several games and i'm sort of close to the coliseum but ot really.
exactly. people need to accept that there's plenty of negative trump coverage - it's just not having an effect.
robbie mook = trump surrogate. kaine criminally feckless
i know. who you like?
i love good , that is a stroke of genius.. should do more with !
what ru guys doing tonight?
watching your chainsmokers cover (again) ... i'm still so
it's coo. i'm coming for him on 17!
she talkin greasy kid gotta handle that ! lmao
trump is more of an originalist than obama, sad considering he was a constitutional law professor
with you a better and more peaceful than the one existing in your head now, with these unreal fantasies abt
some yes but more came of own free will
1. african immigrants coming here have nothing to do with the millions of us born here...
stassi recently snapchatted the cast filming the new intro! the return is imminent
i really cannot wait, it's the only thing keeping me together at this point!!!
when someone asks me if i'll be involved in the finale:
of course lol
some of trump's biggest missteps -- heidi cruz, curiel, khan -- have come after high points for him in the polls.
robbie mook = trump surrogate. kaine criminally feckless
back shooting . what's your favorite part of the show? what would make it better?
a 37 minute tirade about trump would be great.
her physique looks like you went to the grocery store bought some ground beef &amp; shoved it into a sock bwahahahahaha nigga!
...hahahahaha glad you liked it my brother
no qualifying today got me thinking about other things going on my word for first responders-
as a retired nypd sgt. and vol fireman paramedic thank you much
the second i hit send i immediately regretted it.
i'll let the gentleman from the great state of t take it from here.
sure, with what?
i need help with turning off the notification. i can't get into my account
stop being a victim for once
eat me &amp; then use your little hands to jack off - pathetic nazi that you are
she spread the lie obama was a foreign muslim and on 60 minutes when asked did not say otherwise
and i'm only arguing this point,not so much to defend clinton, it's about not letting trump off the hook.
i know i kinda feel bad because i didn't know it was yours before i can put it in my bio if you want ?
na it's cool don't worry about it! i'm just messing with you.
google blurred this cow's face and twitter found it udderly hilarious
well, the cow didn't sign the release, so..... lol!
yes haha why??
because youre gorgeous holy shit
sex change soldier on front line...
as long as he/she is not captured. ouch!
&amp; i both desperately want jstor hats &amp; are heartbroken that they're no longer available. any hope of bringing them back, ?
i also really want a jstor hat
this is the official one mate
i'm holding you to that lol. what's the competition ?
confirmed: big brother's will be once again be hosting the jury round table discussion. --
yaa your the best
i was wondering, was the infected tooth from a filling?
...brother to be honest i have no clue, i brush everyday, use mouthwash
rather prinz is in soon, it's koenig albert right now i guess
why does it matter it won't have the prinz pudding memes
some yes but more came of own free will
2. who are the descendants of enslaved africans brought here centuries ago.
iphone wouldn't activate, corp employees visiting store randomly overheard. called cupertino &amp; had someone override setting, activated
them: can't you: plz them: can't you: plz them: can't you: plz them: ok
trump is more of an originalist than obama, sad considering he was a constitutional law professor
who wants who dead where trump is the answer to that paranoia.
if anyone finds a camo wallet with an id of a good lookin kid named guy milliman, please return it to thank you
update: found it in his bag
i already checked my original recommendation. i was correct!
home remedies are dangerous. the acid in vinegar will cause blistering if there is a slight abrasion. dangerous
i think my birthday present to myself will be to unfollow a lot of people on instagram who i know in real life
wasn't kidding about this
this has been the absolute slowest friday at work ever smh
idk bro i think just about every day is the same length
so he generously offered fill up your car's gas-tank? how monstrous!
say that to my face cowardly pepe frog nazi
krauthammer is so biased against trump that nothing he says holds water. twists every thing
he is a waste. i don't know why they have him in
once i know danny is back at the studios my mind will be 100% at ease. i'm almost drunk and terrified for him again... ugh..
is everything okay?
he rages like this whenever he is humiliated. imagine his deleterious effect on diplomacy.
plus he gets humiliated a lot bc he's an incompetent know-nothing w low self-esteem. he'd push the fucking button over a slight.
this always stresses me during hot yoga
now you know it shouldn't :)
thanks, man but i have a class to teach . want to see what apps are made though. when's the next one?
1. probably next weekend or week after 2. fosho! blog post incoming 3. what is / bring them along next time
i voted for daddy
i voted for kodos
bernie sanders: 'this is not the time for a protest vote'
robbie mook = trump surrogate. kaine criminally feckless
now you describe me in three fictional characters
matthias from redwall, arthur dent from hitchhiker's guide, and some literary person from the south but not the racist kind
he reads too much shapin into everything, which is, i think, the greatest failing in an otherwise excellent book.
on 2nd read (listen via audible) i think parts are downright preachy - implicit omniscience.
poll: dems want sanders running if clinton drops out | thehill
48% of democrats likely to vote would back in this scenerio 22% for biden 14% for kaine
trump in little haiti just now: "i love this area &amp; i have so many friends from haiti &amp; the great people, they're amazing people."
it is too sad- journalists- can't report on the terrible treatment &amp; the scam of clinton foundation in haiti?
. &amp; discuss whether would have been a or
jesus would have been a socialist.
congrats to on winning our giveaway to tonight for ! dm us to claim
can i claim them ?
fuck american measurements
that's like 10km, i know they're confusing af at first but i got used to it lol
tomorrow and sunday
got it! it's just not the same tonight
man, i am 100%. never felt better, my surgery feels like years ago even though it's been three months. so far removed.
that is awesome to hear!
i've attended several games and i'm sort of close to the coliseum but ot really.
do you know what's you're record when you attend the games lol? you might be a good luck charm :)))
hillary clinton throws her aides under the bus for their 'pneumonia response' &amp; refuses to say when kaine found out
it don't matter she will throw anybody under the bus to get elected
not the player i was last year and it's literally breaking me down mentally game by game.
keep playing bro, you'll find your groove soon.
trump still hasn't apologized.
lol! so what? killary hasn't either you brainwashed lemming. lol!
you have succeeded
shhhh shhhh shhhhhhh.... just let it happen
i want a nice plant for my apt but how do i get it to my apt? on the subway or do i try to put an entire tree in a cab? i'm really not sure
how many times. i will carry it for you!!!!
what anime songs would you want me to sample?
cowboy bebop my nigga u already know
i already checked my original recommendation. i was correct!
safest course is cold water to slowly cool skin. ice water or ice may also cause blistering.
pres in the middle of a show hittin that twitter yes ma'am
slay u fuckin bitch
ok, spontaneous twitter q &amp; a. i'm not going to correct my awful spelling. it's just funnier that way. ...
when are you going to do another tarantino movie?
yes exactly. it is so annoying
icing galore, breakaways killed because of it. unplayable. i don't like skill stick.
how do u get something out of ur head that u don't want to think about!!
when you figure that out lmk
id like to see latham start and autry used as a pr specialist
that's what i told but he disagrees lol
my friend was looking at onesies on amazon and showed me, on her computer, and now the same onesies show up in my suggested items.
i love my koala &amp; unicorn onesies!!
oh no, trust me, trump was way worse. i just can't stand when people won't admit hillary started it
but that's not true. penn sent her the memo,but her campaign never acted,and they apologized to obama for the memo.
please tell me youre on campus
im home but i may bring them back w me sunday
lmfao i love new friends tho ahahaha
kill that thang tonight
actually excited to work to vegas tonight. why? bc it's a short ass flight and everybody about to be knockef
make sure you tell those bitches galaxy note 7s offfff
yes exactly. it is so annoying
why alter hybrid controls (as ea admitted)? who complained about them? they were working fine.
a very big smile for a very big win in the 2016 rookie tournament opener. recap |
that hockey player is adorable!
many people are saying trump is a racist douchebag!!!
you have that wrong. hillary is the douche bag
i got a vip ticket to the sf show someone let me stay at their house please like someone pls for sure let me stay with them
omg omg i can finally meet u!
i wish cramps didn't exist, isn't it enough punishment to be leaking blood for like a week and not dying
literally feel your pain right now
meek got the w im dying yo
what he said ?
i could eat ham and cheese croissants for everyday for the rest of my life and be content
you should have my ham and cheese sandwich
do you know what's you're record when you attend the games lol? you might be a good luck charm :)))
i've been told that many times. they win most of the time i'm there.
is it hard? yes! but it's reality - how can we support kids in coping w/hard stuff?
therapy at the earliest age possible.
okay actually prinz is also in already i am having a hard time keeping track of all this
is rochan in the game
it is weird maybe it was fake
yeah maybe but who knows it might come around
you must not have been listening to the words that were coming out of my mouth.
you certainly did. your reporting today was complete, honest &amp; courageous. willing to accurate report about a bully
yes exactly. it is so annoying
and don't get me started on the skating in mud, loafing after the puck on pk while cpu zooms around.
bernie sanders warns of the danger of a third-party vote - time // you got your . take a nap.
reminds me of that line from salvador where said "hey kids, get off my lawn"!
when someone says that friends was better than seinfeld
when someone says they're too good for the gang
non-zero chance that fallon was blackout drunk during that trump interview, just sayin'.
pretty technical to use "non-zero chance"-sounds like you did quantitative work in a previous life ;)
congressional black caucus denounce trump as 'two-bit racial arsonist,' demand apology for obama - breitbart news
the name "congressional black caucus" sounds racist to me, thats the point.
red jackets and free tapas: the last vestige of greenwich village's little spain.
boy, do i remember the spanish restaurants in the village, way back.
revis fed up with all the tourists on his island
he needs to tighten up those boarders then
2k really crazy this year this shit fucked me up
talk about accurate!
i been trying for 2 months now man
we just sold out - new shit in october
y'all talkin bad on john he still with all that drama
as long as he walk this earth he will always be on go
i already checked my original recommendation. i was correct!
best to use best practices, not home remedies. but what do i know?
these comments on jared's new picture are such a disappointment
now that's just fucked up
i've been told that many times. they win most of the time i'm there.
someone will soon be a season ticket holder haha
oh, im not letting him off the hook. it was friggin retarded. just cant stand democrats lieing for hilary
well, at least we agree on not letting trump off the hook. that's a start. lol
tell him to shut up ugh
he's in the front. so much workkk
sometimes it has. after all, i've been am activist for over 30 years. but sometimes i become paralyzed by despair.
despair is a natural response to the insanity of the world. depression is not being able to come out it it.
could have been worse if hillary overheated on a plane
she sat on it,
read your article on apple watch: the app does not need phone and send your run's results to
that sounds great! how do you send your data from to ?
just remember cub fan, this will mean nothing if you don't win the world series.
settle down tay
put some respeck on game legacy
top 10? top 15 is more like it
got no writing done today. at least my house is clean.
. i wrote for hours, on twitter and facebook. about stupid trump tricks. but at least my butt is really sore.
crema di grom + hazelnut gelato with whipped cream! (@ grom in new york)
omg sometimes i miss working there for the free gelato
welcome to the at barstool. cc:
it's an honor.
i've never eaten shake shack. it looks good tho.
it's decent nothing special
i really worry about that, honestly. i constantly ask myself...how much of this do we write about? but needs to be done.
write about all of it and never stop. ever.thk u &amp; f/honest sane, crucial &amp; sad coverage of trump fascism in america
kek, chaffetz btfos this fbi guy
one of the most respected representatives in the country along with trey gowdy
in a horrid twist of fate, everyone on twitter is drunk except me.
i only wish.
everwood is still a touchstone show for me. great mini history from .
same here! why doesn't everwood get more play from current day critics?
pizza, beer, a fire and the red sox outside. tgif!!
fantastic. need a red sox win to top it off.
i hope you enjoy every minute of it!
oh, i will!
earlier 2day i sat in front of a lady arguing w her bf who doesn't appreciate her on the phone &amp; i was reminded of why i'm better off single
really, really don't like hearing one side of a relationship argument. especially when its yelling phone people.
have they announced the year it's set in yet? it's literally the only information i need
i believe it's current day
i hope it's not true
same here i don't need justin to get hurt again
guise, i can't tell you how relieved i am that people are into this slack beta, reactions have been overwhelmingly positive
cause like, digging through thousands of upset user tickets feels real bad. been there
unless you're and there's a debate there
jared, happy to debate all candidates. enjoy the event. integrity matters.
we just saw the on the r train @ union square 14st bill diblasio
was he stepping over homeless somehow there are so many more although he says poverty is down?
pro wrestling training seminar w/ greatest intercontinental champion of all-time in 2009.
when are you bringing him back for a signing ?
well they've gone as far as blaming a death of one of seths students on seth even though he wasn't there when it happened
: are you serious. i think if i see this i'm gonna bash the harts so much. let me chill out.
someone will soon be a season ticket holder haha
depends on the work flow. but seriously i want to become a baseball reporter next year
the investigation into trump's misuse of "charities" is getting less attention than it deserves:
robbie mook = trump surrogate. kaine criminally feckless
who exactly is raising their kids and telling them "consent isn't a big deal"? show them to me right now.
like... explicitly, probably not many. but implicitly? almost all of them.
shootin vids
graybob back in action
fair. i feel like they fit your steeze best too tbh. also, you hitting this adidas thing on spring street @ 7?
what's the password
me? home. the jet goes to and back, all night.
simply amazing to me how incredible these machines are and how long they live.
life update: after four and a half amazing years, today is my last day . new adventures ahead. more soon.
i don't know a lot that gets more prestigious than the but we will soon find out. congratulations and success always!
the so called most qualified candidate ever is losing to an incompetent orange neo-fascist in polls...i wonder why...
troll all you want, but a vote for jill is a vote for trump,
. we should always put jobs &amp; national security before politics.
in all my years i always thought kasich was a man of his word, but he is not. shameful
guys trained like an mma fighter. came in the cage, fought like an mma fighter. give that man respect. give that man love.
mickey you are a class act best wishes in your future ufc career
still think thomas kurian was my best session but jon huang on comes a close 2nd
agree but was also powerful
today i finally admitted that gravity exists. yet my courageous statement has been ignored.
thoughts and prayers.
like... explicitly, probably not many. but implicitly? almost all of them.
parents just don't _deal_ with it, so we get the hollywood version of "you deserve it"
smart, a party i may actually join now. being independent and a reformed democrat i now see what the dems really are
people like you give me hope for america.
party of cigar smoking, "neat"scotch drinking, country clubbing, old white guys. hey! that's not new...
those are the people we kicked out of the party
feeling grateful that i finally have something to raise my glass &amp; toast to
girl what happened!?!?!?!? lol the suspense is killing me
i didn't think so at all. interesting.
yeah i realize i'm in the minority on this opinion
yes! perfect for this time of year!
and i am totally loving the music
a video emerges of trump describing 50% of the country as lazy takers
a list of 21 false statements made by trump *in the last 24 hours*
special thx to mvp for this incredible watch. keep an eye out for for these amazing timepieces!
wow, really nice. enjoy. but,
anime is for whoever wants to watch it love. my boys were watching that when we were kids.
without a doubt
i already checked my original recommendation. i was correct!
plus you don't know if ur "patient" has any skin conditions that would make fake salicylic acid contraindicated
same here bc he's been doing good
i know and he had a fight here in north america
george is without a doubt the funniest person i have on snapchat i love his stories lmao
tell everyone my sc name so they can be blessed
when max b get out im getting my hair permed, don't @ me
booooooi i dare you, i'll photoshop all 4 yearbooks to have you with a perm lmfaooo
il date u if i can cheat on you with guys
that honestly sounds like a good deal, cathy!
this is not a joke. stop calling it a joke.
in my opinion it's a threat and should be taken that way only!
i don't even know why i'm in the park with this many ppl...
lol the party is filled with 2k niggas man it happens.
did i really just book a flight and an airbnb for fya fest alone
if anyone wants to come with me just let me know
interesting. so do you always drink tea over coffee?
yes, i mostly so. decaf or herbal.
america: this isn't working. let's do something different.
you're still my hero.
ana sofia...up here in new england we call that...a haul!! good for you!! klg...is the real deal!! &lt;3
u have no idea how bad i wanted 2 steal her cutout! we need it for our gathering plus she'd like it in virginia
use match25 to get up to a $25 match!
it says there was a problem confirming your code. please try again.
did she apologize for "super predators?" the "bring us to heel comment?" i never got that memo...
never heard her apologise for any of that
"donald trump has cheapened the america political debate because he's brought so much negativity," ny mayor bill diblasio
do you say i think hc has disgraced the office of sos and foundation fraud
why do trump tweeters who attack me refuse to use real names? happy to talk w/ you directly. email "info.com. i'll answer.
low-t like their court jester
really, really don't like hearing one side of a relationship argument. especially when its yelling phone people.
(okay, now that i've read the rest of the story ... hope she's alright. i see more yelling ppl than crying ppl on phones)
hey!!! skinny shaming can be just as hurtful as fat shaming
like i know i'm a skinny bitch but only i can say that
proud of my life and the things that i have done//proud of myself and the loner i've become
i never really got into say anything but ...is a real boy is absolutely classic
that's cool! good for you! i brought something for him to sign if he does this weekend. will post a pic if i get it.
btw follow ,he will announce autograph session
no plans have been made as of yet
hey guys come play flip cup at the barbary while watchin
trump is behind in north carolina and northern virginia has gone over to the wrong color. old virginia is gone. trump needs pa
- i also gave colorado to hillary. that is now a 2 pt race. michigan i believe will go for trump. hillary lost to bernie there
proud of this...
i boycott movies. except once upon a time in america. for the garbage truck scene.
i think about lena dunham falling off the face of the earth at least once a day.
let's plot this
thank you! some sense.
poster of the week: wash the damn spoon - red, green, and blue
i'm super new to twitter &amp; modern tech. not sure what to do. typical pumpkin but i'm trying. good luck!
are you a musician?
that's my baby that's my baby. it's everyday b!
i can't handle y'all fr lml have a nigga laugh into a coma fuckin with y'all yo
excellent news! we have resolved the misunderstanding with the sec of state &amp; i have been certified as a write-in candidate!
that's great news and i utterly respect your candidacy. so wait your name is spelled h-i-l-l-a-r-y c-l-i-n...
thank you for sharing you adventure pics with us!
thank you for having me!
this color &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
thanks boo!
they don't listen but i will make sure
battery caught fire on delta flight today, i'm making sure on awwll my flights. fuck that lolll
nice at-bat by carlos santana, who works it to 3-2, then hits 2-run single to rf. tigers trail 4-1 and indians still threatening in 2nd.
that was so incredibly lucky. indians getting the most out luck tonight.
be careful. gop still has many corrupt members...
those people won't last a week after trump takes office.
fuck!! im close by. should i go to this?
yeah! it's the grand opening
oh - apologies. i re-read. not even the special gloves?? hmm. ugh
not sure about gloves but either way :(
i'm busy as a bee lol.....
me as well.im up to no good,i just haven't decided what level i want to take it to lol.
your hands are nice
i swear hector ty
read donald trump's speech finally admitting president obama was born in the u.s.
but obama still doesn't put americans first
depends on the work flow. but seriously i want to become a baseball reporter next year
you are well on your way though. it's a process but you are headed in the right direction with everything :)
no way that shirt is staying white.
sounds like a challenge dan!
thanks! got cold/windy as the moon rose into the sky making a good photo impossible to get.
oh wow i feel like i am right there! we love asbury
ha. msnbc agrees?
whats up with your friends at msnbc?
lies! i can name twenty who do,it's not up for debate lol and i know both parties personally
i've known the games camp personally as well.
"lots of memories": oldest gay bar in massachusetts closing, reports.
is this true, ?
eehh it's nothing. i was having a bad morning. i shouldn't have vented like that. it was wrong of me. you guys don't need that.
this is here for you !!
update: engineers are continuing work to resolve an ongoing server issue-appreciate your patience.
been on board for two years now and this is the first time it's been seriously interupted..i have faith in you guys good luck
im not defending rex. jets were 4-12 just 2 yrs ago under rex. bills were a promising 9-7 with top 5 d.
yes but were that the year before too.. went from a good defense so a meh defense under rex
rep. steve king of iowa in the past, most recently claiming that non-whites have contributed nothing 2 civilization
and what racial group is responsible for donald trump?
yes i do. cause you must own them. you have too.
i'll buy some soon, they're cheaper than i expected. i paid my student loans tonight soooo it's going to have to wait
is bad but not as evil as trump's calling for the execution of central park 5, innocent minority youths who never got apology.
trump had no right to do either.
i like it. some of the dresses are amazing
yes steph most definitely. couture n avante garde are my favorite dress collections.
i think is early second quarter next year.
excellent. quicker than i thought. i've seen the at once or twice
trump owes us - particularly our president and the african american community- an apology. on his knees!
i'll take his loss in november as the best apology.
almost time for webster hall round 2 people!
what time do you go on?
listen 5 guys is very good but if it's the best burger you've ever had you need to expand your burger horizons
do people really think its the best???
any alien movie will do
never been a fan.
straight up lemme check how much $ i have i might want in
please
in anticipation of millions fleeing northward if trump is elected, canada is planning to build a wall along its...
robbie mook = trump surrogate. kaine criminally feckless
probably facebook since i only go on to my profile to check messages, rarely check newsfeed
*takes out pen* *writes be mean to david on facebook*
he got on the trump train and got the hell outta the way! cheers!
it's always better on the trump train!
do you know regina fields? did we meet? or am i trippin?
nah, don't know who that is. i don't ~think~ we've met. it's possible we've crossed paths before, though!
2nd and 3rd 1 out, the yankees won't score
lol its so crazy how predictable this team is
donald trump on hillary clinton bodyguards: "take their guns away, see what happens to her"
talk about inciting violence...
it took 5.5 years to lay claims to rest &amp; admit president obama was born in the u.s.
too slow to be
dear god, how is it possible that can this think this is news? is almost history.
speaking of history- can't we get a garbage truck?
bait and switch much?
u went from gorbachev (commie) to putin (capitalist) then switched to democratically elected and im baiting and switching? lol
are you coming ??
i have prior engagements, but i'm gonna try and slide right after. what time are you shutting er down?
happy bday to my cuzzin we go back light years wit this shit
gooodlookin fam
so exporting my thotty little video, who wants to preview it and tell me if i went too far? cuz like...
would love to
.: "it's almost a surreal 21st century presidential election."
john kasich is not a man of his word, now he is like every other career politician and needs to go... very disappointed
i have shifted my mind-set for the from expecting contention this year to just watching player development. last night was killer.
that was definitely a rough one for fans. meanwhile across town tenterhooks to see if make the playoffs...
you are well on your way though. it's a process but you are headed in the right direction with everything :)
thanks man! i'll begin my first season with the barracuda next month.
thank you we have been together 33 years. we don't look that young now.
young at heart
it was such a good arc, music and the art was a+
have you seen the 3 part movies series for berserk?
game got a sex tape, wayyyyyyyurrrrrrr ???
right link me asap
picture this: matching. handbags. jenn, we need it right? you and i, we need to have this??
yisssssssssssssss?????
good arguments re effect size, but think association is there. diagnostics strange mix of pcr and serology
there's certainly an assoc there, but zikv could well be necessary but not sufficient, and magnitude entirely unclear.
you're driving rn get tf off twitter
helps the ride go faster.
you mean every day in sf, twice on tuesday if you work in vc?
it's the uniform!
ah, here i think there's some tension, but i do believe that iad needs to be informed by advances in offensive capabilities/techniques
empirically to be informed via that channel is to be controlled by that channel. it doesn't work.
hey, look, "foster" on the keynote slides. :)
he is everywhere!
it's a good book! many search for someone who will make them happy only &amp; don't care about the needs of their partner.
stealing from my friend.
to top it all off, they signed me out of icloud. tell my wife that i love her. tell my people my story.
sounds like the lease program has been a shitshow for everyone.
pm nawaz sharif talks to cm sindh says any arrest of parliamentarian without speaker's permission is unlawful
that doesn't make sense though
my brother is far too kind. he's the real intellectual in the family; i'm more of a know-it-all.
that is great news! congrats to gray! you are both high-octane intellects!
happy birthday , hope you like your present :-)
pinbot???!! can i marry you two?
hey, i can't drink coffee and text at the same time ms b
if you're drinking philz rn and didn't invite me.................................................
why did he put seventh haven as the second song, the rest of the list is in game release order
he got too hyped thinking about it
i will not be shamed into voting for a corrupt hawk who has done bad things that trump promises to do such as wars..toodles
lol, more people on twitter voting for her than in rl. (trumpbot) she is not corrupt, don't believe everything you hear.
i want to be crystal clear i don't want trump's apology for birtherism...before he even-if ever-attempts it
five years too late &amp; insincere anyway...meaningless!
okay y'all i've ranted enough today. i'm sorry. i just can't. this all upsets me so much. i'm just so worried for jimmy's mental state rn.
he'll be okay. he always gets up from being knocked down like that. he's gonna be fine
he volunteered it
stop victim blaming
oh, that look!! still freaking hot!
absolutely! incredibly hot!
ah, the app store. what's the trick to get stuck downloads to start up again?
do you sense any small lag when you tap the home button to exit an app and return to the home screen?
i'm scratching my head here 'cause i don't remember or calling it out explicitly, but it was obvious.
might've been due to some other lesson and you were able to extrapolate.
this photo actually made me laugh on air.....
i knew you'd appreciate that, dave!
yes thank you! t-mobile texted me this morning, which was really helpful. lazily did not tweet. :)
ooo imma test the kombucha tomorrow
i'm going to learn about jean binet tonight because it's something we all should really know about and, even, lose sleep over...
i've been following that case for years. the family clearly had something to do with it.
i was so full of f**k tr**p tonight that i actually went to facebook to rant. what have i become?
"woke" to use the parlance of our times?
i fcks w/ thug but i don't like that harambe song
that shit is
catch me at the lincoln game tonight
roll up to the tailgate. yo
tho i'm rly looking forward to the eps where stassi goes to bora bora to join katie &amp; tom on their honeymoon, bc that happened!
i know!! also i hope they bring in a new troublemaker now that lala is out!
have you seen the 3 part movies series for berserk?
i watched the first season, there is a lot to the story i don't know but i'll be watching it soon.
i'm still not home yet and i have to be at a shoot in manhattan in 12 hours. my body is numb and i am exhausted. gonna make tea later.
this was 3 tweets in one. you're welcome for saving you time with more condensed useless thoughts.
a triggered lib crying like a school girl because that's what triggered libs do when their narrative gets debunked
never liked him but appreciate the presumption
nice chatting with you in the elevator this morning. hope you had a great day and nice flight back home. thanks for your presentation
likewise! i hope you have a safe return as well. good conference!
exclusive live video footage of me at the mall to pick up my new iphone rn
honestly i'm hurt i couldn't even get a like out of you on this
watch the video and vote!
as an official arbiter, i will recuse myself from voting. nice production value, though.
the brave men and women who have served our country deserve better than donald trump.
that wouldn't be you
trump is dangerous to hillary's life. this is unacceptable. as suggests, secret service cld arrest him-
screenshot of 's post on trump's new threat on hillary's life. he derides her protection, as if he doesn't.
wow - former trump executive says used to 'joke' about gas chambers &amp; ovens
-people don't seem to realize that in order for trump to force out 11 million immigrants means concentration camps.
just used pay on the web to buy something and it was amazing. can't wait to add this to nsscreencast.
when buying is frictionless, buying is easier!
man every damn frame of this show is just amazing.
i love the water color kinda style and the story is really gripping and emotional yet kinda slow. overall b+
3 years ago tonight premiered. thank you to the hundreds of people it's takes to make the show and to all of you for watching!
it grew on us. thank you.
so thankful for
so glad to help you while hacking a lugie
i know my main course meal for tonight
what? the chilli cheese fries?
saw an earlier comment where you was thinking writing about 's folly??
best you leave that to or comics!
heh. "rough" doesn't begin to cover it, but thanks! good luck to you guys!
if we make it i want it to be legit not a one and done...
boi it's mendes and that's bc he can steal everyone's girl with his fine ass
never read something more accurate
i have the same problem lol... like what exactly is too far
im not sure if there is a "too far" for me we could always put on hillary t-shirt's and i bet we wouldn't even get arrested
come one over and have a glass!
i'm at the giants game!!!!
not to brag but i am by far the 3rd most fuckable guy in this dmv
- if you're at the dmv you will get fucked.
saturday september 17th from 11 to 6! free batman comics! free batman masks-while supplies last!...
see you tomorrow.
i never understood what happened tbh
i just saw that he smacked the big guy and that's how the fight started
nypd hasn't learned from nice. this little italy celebration blocked the streets w/ only sawhorses.
does this look truck resistant? oddly, they did more for the 4th of july.
this face is being hated on ... this face! ! are you blind?
don't let it get to you.jst think what would jimmy do?
"yes new friends."
ain't work
time is now to reconsider 3rd party vote
better update your profile to , then. that said, i live in ca, my vote doesn't really count.
i guess the "women are people who should be respected" thing maybe gave me a hint?
it helps. but like... having been a teachers soon, i've _seen_ middle american parenting...
just want to chill out on my career, but no. g wants to play with all of us, and play the waiting game.
typical. i don't get it lol. i ignore that shit sometimes.
life is good. working our way to key west slowly...
hope the key lime pie is as good as expected!
.that i have it to forgive on a 'perpetual' basis is not to your continuum nor your credibility.
but, to run to making your follies worth it, that's not my dept.
alyssa, i hope to see you at dipson tonight!
i'm at the drive in
the face of depression is my gmail inbox
think u might wanna ask me first????
the offense was cookin' last night. to the tune of 493 yds.
we love our jets!
why do the republicans keep apologizing on the so called "birther" issue? no more apologies--take the offensive!
time for all republican lawmakers to step up and denounce this racist
just leave em as is, in quadrant - they look fire as a series of takes
yea but i mean there's like 30 other ones i like lol
vault. i do not think that word means what you think it means.
i may or may not agree with this statement.
lawyers and crooks speak the same language !! at brings a lawyer to band aid the tax cut in donald fake story ! gross
exactly! they're giving him excuse he needs to continue lying. so much for transparency! not for the crooked!
i think they're taxed on the software side. this was a big ios release and corners were cut. i have faith they'll polish it up.
i lost that faith after three years of expecting they would clean up ios 7's rushed design.
so why did your man spread the birther rumor to me in 2008, asking us to investigate? remember?
if this allegation is true, sounds more like asking 2 invstgt overheard rumor
nyt/cbs: among voters 18-29 years old: 26% say they will vote for gary johnson, another 10% for jill stein
i guess all those young voters want a trump presidency.they will live with their choice. bye,bye roe v wade.
i love the water color kinda style and the story is really gripping and emotional yet kinda slow. overall b+
yea i'm on ep 2 the water color look won me over in a second. story seems cool. time will tell
my app for using flickr, is now getting 2048 error when using the api, the crossdomain.xml file has been changed, any fix?
which app is that? we made some changes to crossdomain.xml recently because flash is a dying thing (thanks, apple!)
thanks man! i'll begin my first season with the barracuda next month.
good luck! just a matter of time i will start calling you cash money ana again lol. you will soon work for either the a's or sfg
i need to take some geology lessons to understand how this is possible.
i think it's mostly water
nice. do you find the sony nex-6 pretty easy to use?
yes, but i still bought a book on it in order to get the most out of it.
irony: $twtr got more viewers for than does in a week.
i'm gonna start calling it
ily and imy a lot
ily/imy more
care less isis is more important
us gov can do two things at once--i hope.
on the fence. i can just watch so much more at home.
just come for the tailgates beer on me
will be at game meeting trek friends. suspect they know answer. i dont - but knew 2 check 2 see if u were coming 2nite
i was right - they know # - told them 2 say outlander fan friend sent them!
scared off my ass last night
can you be scared on your ass?
adapted from this great video from kabul:
the part where he loses the cellphone is really what gets me.
growing up in a blue collar town, gov. shares why is important for a 21st century workforce:
you political fools really think you can convince the people to back this thing up with kasich? dream on.
not seeing where they're available. site only has the link for fright night ii/silver bullet.
are type in hudson horror in google. the second link will say buy tickets. click there
delicious. what did you season your steak with?
some montreal steak seasoning
and it just doesn't happen. blame them or the situations they're in; working 1+ jobs, trying to provide basic care...
surviving their own lives and there's no time left for imparting wisdom or often even basic decency.
most see it as the first con-man and con-woman duo !
. represents worst aspects of system: interventionism, cronyism, dishonesty, etc. trump deplorable as well. i choose neither.
lies? he lies today. retracts. lies again. and he is a total traitor
can you imagine his supreme court pick??
good luck! just a matter of time i will start calling you cash money ana again lol. you will soon work for either the a's or sfg
of course. that's my nickname
still thinking about this and mad. here is how i replied:
there are 4 condo buildings going up in a square block radius around me. ish in bk is ridiculous right now.
maybe she has irritable bowel syndrome tell her take vidersi. it works.
well played, very profound, i'm sure this will go viral.
pipe down. this same guy talking shit about fallon probably watched his show every night.
also even if i did that doesn't make him infallible or incapable of wrongdoing. strange to argue it would.
surviving their own lives and there's no time left for imparting wisdom or often even basic decency.
the kids have to learn 90-100% through failure, which takes time; leaves wreckage.
who is your favorite character???
i'm a fan of greg shenkel
theo epstein dons fake mustache to watch from front row of bleachers
is that bobby valentines brother?
who has hiked mission peak before in cali.
3-5 hrs. all depends on how fast you moving . have fun.
they've been cleaning it up. just very slowly.
i think ios 9 cleaned it up most. 10 has only made it worse. the ui is all over the place, and every element is huge.
thinking of u
just saw this. crying.
you just realized this today? : "we got played, again, by the campaign, which is what they do."
you think? smh this man is a disgrace
they've been cleaning it up. just very slowly.
also... just look at that safari icon.
. well,let's go over the facts!
. represents worst aspects of system: interventionism, cronyism, dishonesty, etc. trump deplorable as well. i choose neither.
tbh man completely blindsided we thought they'd be out a week not the season
exactly i was not thinking a whole season would be the case
saw an earlier comment where you was thinking writing about 's folly??
hilarious though is this piece today that lionizes [wtf]:
the fact that i'm shopping for my kid a friday night elevates me to washed elite status
nah it's called evolving u are peter griffin the family guy
me, to my coffee right now
gotta use that esv everyone knows that
old news now, but 's ios 10 review is a masterpiece. i learned much despite being on ios 10 since june
do you sense any small lag when you tap the home button to exit an app and return to the home screen?
donald trump said hillary clinton started the birther movement. that's false.
unfortunately no one cares anymore:(
watching people dance is the best thing ever.
one reason: facials
ohhh... could be? i just did this to someone.
i've done that before to get my old company to stop following me while i was job hunting. :-#
just love it when someone commits vehicular manslaughter and is only convicted of failure to keep right of way !!! :)))
what the fuck
how the fuck did you get that out of that description
i mean he was right... so who cares
bahahhaha i might actually burst into flames if i put on our end of her shirts lol.....
that's ok.i'll put you out.that is if i haven't already spontaneously combusted myself
they've been cleaning it up. just very slowly.
the new music app is a whole new level of terrible ux design.
this is false advertising to the max.
that's the first date type of deception.
teen who threatened president obama heading to prison
yet trump can continue to threaten hillary and still have a stage to continue spewing hate
the birther issue is not important to americans, its only important to the left wing media because they're the ones that keep pushing it!
girls has to do with heart where is big o s heart not with the american people or even with his own people he forgot
i'll bring the beers over and we'll talk shit.
thank you cuz. definitely need it
did you get the plant?
nah sorry i'm stopping by tomorrow tho if that's still cool
always thought it weird s1 cast and producers didn't have a promo event in the actual sleepy hollow
&amp; visited and that was cool.
i found heaven in manhattan
you're here!!
i appreciate that perspective. the flag is a symbol. i guess that symbol means different things to different people.
i, too, have been thinking about the flag, what it means to me, what it means to other people. needless to say, it's volatile.
giving tidal money is an act of charity now
this is sadly true
i had somehow avoided getting alt-right memes tweeted at me for a while, then he retweeted me. sad!
what are "alt-right memes"?
would it be weird if i went to a dog park and played with other people's dogs
definitely not
i can't take you seriously if you choose not to speak proper english.
in proper english, you would say "can not" not "can't" but hey
anchoring the 5, 6, 10 &amp; 11pm news today on with ! turn on !
yikes. busy day!
team ofr lol
rusher is part of team ofr
friends with benefits. grandmas boy. empire records. shawshank redemption. beauty &amp; the beast. the ugly truth.
i've only seen one of those movies so i'll download them
shhhh shhhh shhhhhhh.... just let it happen
don't worry, toby. makes me cry all the time too.
thank you for
congrats. heard was a great ceremony and event!!
i gotta go with eric on that one. jesus piece a classic though best game album
the documentary easy his best album you're bugging
not huge on se (my device). safari icon looks unchanged...?
sorry i was unclear. the safari icon has been awful since ios 7. each version i expected they would rework it.
still the best song ever
cough cough
i wrote this a month ago on my fear that trump was encouraging violence against clinton. relevant again today:
uranium for personal clinton cash
of course. that's my nickname
lol glad you accepted it. so are you ready for the vikings?
trump has admitted falsehood about obama. i give rudy credit for pushing. hrc has been sick,but bither-ism has been sicker. 5 years of lies.
i don't give tht biased, blathering has been credit for s--t. the birther gets the same asesmnt 4 tht sideshow in whch he--
"i want no bureaucrats on my treatment team," video:
"i want no bureaucrats on my treatment team," video:
get ready, mms. and i sippin on gin and juice (capri sun) gearing up for friday bar cart. hayy!!
in order of favorite throwbacks: lunchables, fruit roll up, posh spice
why can't 40% of the country see how dangerous this man is.
different planet. we blue ppl keep preaching to the choir instead of winning over the target audience.
my lil cousin thinks i'm "mean" bc i don't let him put all my windows down and blast rap for his friends after school
ur so not cool
it hurts, ru throws shade and unfollows today like a coward and the show does nothing to help with what they did.
phi phi is so done now. if unfollowed you it's because....
he left out xiaolongbao and taiwanese oyster vermicelli... 2 of my favs.
aw you guys killing me with theser great food places. i have 2 chinese-american restaurants here.
do you ship to the uk? or do you sell in the uk?
we sell to the uk from our website!!
when i made stuff with json, i had a procedure that could unroll it into nested objects. lots of c# reflection involved
that sounds like quite a pain! i'm just using javascript, so i can create as many nested objects as i want, thankfully.
so let's get technical. you do not like them because they are yazidi kurds
what is it abt them? were u this concerned when milosevic slaughtering muslims in the middle of eur?
i wrote this a month ago on my fear that trump was encouraging violence against clinton. relevant again today:
i'm not sure our uranium was bill's or hillary's to sell, was it?
is this real?! i want it to be real!!!
it is real, and it is spectacular. get the cast recording!
man, i love charlotte but sometimes when i'm here too long i start to feel like tom green's character in .
feed the snake
president obama's successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. period.
agreed. you are the one who started it!
thanks. seems we're living in an age of shameless self aggrandizement. i find it uncomfortable...
you're right.
where is sam on here?
this like takes you there:
i will have to say yes to that one. it will be fun no doubt. thanks for making the trip.
ha, be careful what you say yes to. this could get out of hand.
saw an earlier comment where you was thinking writing about 's folly??
watching a decade ago, greenspan was a moron especially re:
death, u in stanford? attending the uscvsstanford game tomorrow?
nah ubering heading to the englander in san leandro in an hour
no evidence of trump's claimed investigation of obama. another lie!!
yeah i still want to see the result of that visit and big $$ spent!
lmfao i'm hating i say good morning to them everyday and i couldn't be included
it's probably a family event
kenta maeda's next start (wed vs giants) will be his 30th, worth another $1.5m bonus. pay-for-play contract has worked out for both sides
with this upcoming start, what's his total salary this year?
time for biiiiig brotherrrrr
i have the power!
i wrote this a month ago on my fear that trump was encouraging violence against clinton. relevant again today:
write abt positions for sale-not based upon capability,based upon ability to buy influence
seems all the trumps think journalists are mean/stupid/unfair/negative if they state truth.
not all journalists are paid shills for lyin'
that shit felt like a bye lmao
he is a bye lol
donald trump has spent years peddling lies about president obama. and that didn't stop today.
you started those lies, in 2008!!!!
you really do not
yes i do!! the filter always makes me look strange af
if this is an example of the master race they need to clean up their gene pool...b4 they start eating each other
-i am amazed at what ugly, tattoo (not the artistic kind), cluttered slobs, white supremacists are!
i gotta go with eric on that one. jesus piece a classic though best game album
ya gonna forget the doctors advocate? smh
they definitely came ready to play but the last 2 mins haven't been good. 2 td's.
played them tough last yr. too in 1st half. that was the game where they turned things around...
why is justin getting into a fight or who's trying to fight with him
i don't know if it's true someone was just saying he might have
are you an android engineer who is interested in react native and wants to join the ? apply here:
retweets of this are appreciated. i want this to escape my bubble.
media ignoring the vets, generals and medal of honor recipients who were honored at today's event
. boris, nothing is cemented in stone. 17 times trump said one thing and then denied it
i'm a fan of greg shenkel
excuse me craig shenkel
.vote every day- glamour sexiest man alive!
voted &amp; retweeted - go sam
y'all be good out there tonight
flexxin allllllllll winter. i can't wait
with this upcoming start, what's his total salary this year?
ah didn't see the tweet before that. sorry!
the other part of the secret is coming to our place.
live for your cannolis
someone is not happy about being neutered earlier today. back to comfort zone of hinting about assassination.
and now that the police union has endorsed him, i'm honestly afraid of what comes from that.
i think the moon is trying to be like the sun tonight..
it's the harvest moon
legitimate inquiry: is there anyone out there that doesn't think "odelay" is beck's best album? if so, why?
i have a friend who said his was morning phase. i have not spoken to him since.
todd mcfarlane can get right the fuck outta town with all his talk about another spawn movie. make the damn thing or shut up already!
i swear half of these people sit around a table and say. yeah that could be cool. let's claim were going to make it
warner only didn't get in because of who else was inducted.
warner was a better qb than mcnabb.
trying to wrap my head around for complex data structures. fun way to spend a friday night
i've been looking at them too for some stuff. very interested in your thoughts!
i wrote this a month ago on my fear that trump was encouraging violence against clinton. relevant again today:
no security clearance. our congress had to *subpoena for fucking 302's*! you guys? fucking silent
protection of the environment, nature and landscape is the fundamental basis for the preservation of life on earth!
fully agree!
blue sky thinking!
here's another blue sky !
you mean on an iphone 7? i don't know, i didn't get one...
aw bummer james. can't wait till you do
saw an earlier comment where you was thinking writing about 's folly??
was just telling my mother last week were more fantasy than economics..course she was what??
trump is rattled after a really bad day, off his teleprompter and talking assassination again. pathetic.
lol we need more like this! let's get him riled up!
i hope to die in a way that makes the people who knew me embarrassed
it's great to have goals.
no jews were evicted. they were transferred by the jewish agency and mossad.
because they were going to be dead otherwise
niggas really be trynna have full blown convos with you via snapchat.
you keep using that flower filter, what you expect?
big blue's home opener is in 2 days! broadcast info &gt;&gt;
i am excited about this season. go giants. good to see back.
artwork by a close friend of mine made from chips of paint!
love the texture and colors of the stunning painting. thank you carolyn for sharing.
watching my drive past four available turns and continue past my apt for the past 5 min and i get charged a fee for canceling
homeboy went from 2 min away to 7 min and keeps driving in a straight line in the wrong direction.
i would be very interested actually, in talking with someone who is expert in building communities about science and the flow of ideas.
ive built some big online communities. working on a new one now. happy to speak anytime.
i've been working at my job for two weeks and i haven't been paid but i just asked my boss and i'm supposed to be payed every fucking week??
paid* and like, paid** fuck
rip don buchla. thanks for starting a west coast vs east coast battle that forever made things interesting.
how about just a rip. i don't think this man was thinking about beefs and battles.
oh shut up, nicole
she's in love with the boy
thanks to i just facetimed abby
and delaney :)))
right! our line was out the street and i was having to repeat myself to every customer
poor baby i could already imagine how patient you were tho lmao
funny. i actually considered moving there as a result...
different strokes. it's a beautiful state.
no thai? indian? lao? korean? indonesian? singapore? malaysian? they are all good. (don't like cambodian food)
yes, i love thai but hard to find up here. korean bbq i'd love to have but none up here. nothing up here!!
class act tonight class. act.
so were they happy to see you?
doing shout outs retweet and like my pinned tweet (doing a few)
i did it
warner was a better qb than mcnabb.
he has waited long enough.
dear just go away!
you should go away &amp; take the lying criminal bitch with you. got it.
. put on a medical mask to start his interview with hillary clinton today.
is he going to touch her hair also?
when it's a clinton it's assassination, when it's any other citizen it's a statistic? everyone deserves protection.
professionally trained protection? fine. also, really? you don't see how this is different?
... so... what's your point?
had tweeted heres prediction of mass migration tweet with the left image got out while could
my friday night mainly consisted of video game karaoke.
this is fantastic
apparently the right stuff but, guys, i made soap [as opposed to the comforting soup ahjuma would make].
nope. nope. so many nopes. [the original message was all f words] it wasn't that good, it didn't make me feel any good so nope.
...except i will be wearing shorts...and not thanking the nut gods. "-ddd xo
whom will u be thanking
apple was smart with the jet black vs. regular black iphone 7. i think matte black is the one for me.
but i can see the appeal of piano black, too. my hyundai veloster turbo was available in matte black (i got it in "vitamin c" orange).
homeboy went from 2 min away to 7 min and keeps driving in a straight line in the wrong direction.
gps directions keep updating everytime he misses a turn, i mean... you want me to keep watching him go in the wrong direction?
not huge on se (my device). safari icon looks unchanged...?
it just looks like they slap in ui elements wherever with no regard to the overall balance.
[this is the extremely good shit]
did i micturate on your rug!?!!!??!
nothing to be puzzled about. are you talking about in n out? it's the best cheap junk food around. so fresh and delicious.
nope. guess again
i wrote this a month ago on my fear that trump was encouraging violence against clinton. relevant again today:
staged violent protests after benghazi,to create a false narrative.so glad thought it funny
so upset with the change of stirlicious to westchester taco
they lost my business mase
so a step down from the cheeto mac and cheese then
i am deeply skeptical how anything can be worse than cheeto mac n cheese.
i've always wanted to listen to one reason, just one reason why supporters still want to vote for
yeah i'm sure you're just wide open, there is no ban, no wall mexico is paying for nada &amp; affordable health care
yes see you guys tomorrow morning!! first stop: weekend today with &amp; , then !
do not back down. do not let trump surrogates lie to your face.
i hope not i hope it's just a rumor
same he's got into enough of fights
try protecting against attacks without knowing offense. good luck.
thanks to my pile of ndas, i can source pretty much all my attack knowledge. there's overlap in facts. some have strings.
i cant imagine saying "lil wayne is down with us."
i can't believe he's cool with bambata having sex with underage boys!!!
you know how sometimes you just need a giant bowl of roasted brussels sprouts topped with shaved parmesan? yeah.
you truly speak my language
wong with simply not buying into a bs narrative that's never backed up with proof
no false narrative, my friend. two interviews, both exist. comparing them. that's it.
trump said clinton's bodyguards should disarm and "see what happens to her," once again hinting at violence
. this clown continues to be dangerous even with people telling him what to say.
because a significant basket are bigots and agree with him; the rest would never support democrat.
its s long hard road to climb &amp; it's out of our comfort zone but if we don't try we're lost!!
my totem and my muse posted by monterey jazz festival for i'm so excited to play this festival
does he play for peanuts?
they're proud to be white nationalists,supremacists racists,sexists,homophobes &amp; xenophobes.i think they're pathetic
they they are
but i can see the appeal of piano black, too. my hyundai veloster turbo was available in matte black (i got it in "vitamin c" orange).
the matte black paint cost extra and you basically had to hand wash the car and not use any sort of polish on it to keep it looking matte.
totally distributed national monster food truck rally. all over the country. a moment that unites the country. picture it.
exactly!!!!!
i wrote this a month ago on my fear that trump was encouraging violence against clinton. relevant again today:
created isis against the advice of all of our generals
we are recruiting trickshotters designers editors.dm )
i am trickshot
stepbrothers
that movie is a classic veronica. i think will ferrell was at his best in this one.
mitch also looked quite similar as well.
oh, mitch was the first time i remember seeing meso-vortices in the eye
great seeing you again sherri! thanks for coming by the table to catch up. looking forward to future work from you folks!
it was great seeing you too! can't wait for some kangaroo goodness.
early evening on the hill to see &amp;
miss hanging out with you at stuff like this! have fun!
be the first in to listen by now up in
:) ((( &lt;3 ))) tiesto~tijs v^v &lt;3 v^v...
emily ratajkowski puts her enviable assets on full display in a slinky swimwear campaign
outstanding
how come every time a new iphone come out my shit start magically acting stupid
lol they do that on purpose. always looking for a way for you to buy a new phone even if it means fuckin up a perfectly good one
lmao exactly?! so how game not top 10?! he got at least 4 solid/great albums
if we talking albums then ye . every album a classic
i just watched this. i just wasted 20 minutes of my time.
haha i could have saved you the time, terrible match!
all the teams the yankees "need" to lose are losing.
do you remember if mason williams played good last year ? i can't remember
they will be surprised to find out women in the usa are locked &amp; loaded
love that you know we women are locked &amp; loaded
if this is an example of the master race they need to clean up their gene pool...b4 they start eating each other
-white supremacist brains are probably covered with the same moronic tattoos that they wear on the outside.
saw an earlier comment where you was thinking writing about 's folly??
find randi marshall piece more naive than invoking !
thanks appreciate it. we'll get together soon!
you are very welcome and of course! can't wait
jews were victims of the conflict. 850000 evicted &amp; accepted into israel,no longer refugees
i am done for now. shabbat is coming and i have to get ready. pls drop me out of disc.
when is japan getting fate/extella again
november 11th, and then we get it 4 days later or somethingf
not leaving for minecon for another week yet but i got my suitcase out ready anyway! so excited :d
really wish i could go!!!
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
do we know that she was born here?
. there is also a chain based in alberta, canada called boston pizza
i'm told there's a canadian place called new york fries, as if that's a thing of which we have a unique interpretation
i wrote this a month ago on my fear that trump was encouraging violence against clinton. relevant again today:
not a game of "pull my finger"! a neurological test
cooking lessons with chef ricky. lesson 1- always wear sunglasses when cutting onions!
i'm ready for the next lesson!!!!
i went through several iterations on it; in the end you could load lists or dictionaries of objects, attach delegates, type safe
sounds wild! i'd love to check it out sometime if you still have it laying around.
we totally twitter stalked our director - sorry for all the notifications, man.
keep it coming. got a full battery over here!
we going back-to-back!!
back to back bombs!
doctors advocate lowkey underrated. i actually didn't love that album when it came out but older me appreciates it
the game in my top 7 but for everyone id say top 15
currently bawling on ft
ft brad and play it dan
republicans prepare to cave on budget...again
this is the reason why cockservative lost &amp; trump is closer to the wh! we know some of them r in bed with obama
shailene woodley wants more female masturbation to be taught in schools. it'll prevent so many teen pregnancies.
imagine the homework assignments on this.
is that trucks serving food the size of monsters or monster trucks serving food? either would be entertaining
the latter. and cooking while doing battle. picture it.
when ya sister falls asleep in your bed and takes up all the room.. looks like the floor is the best option
chuck her out your bed!
exactly what i've been saying, !
exactly, best example was when called a bigot. his twitter fans, the do it, too.
enough is enough trump!
unfortunately for the media its never enough.
. been listening to you since 'the dogg house'. early 2000's
as strange as it sounds. we kinda grew up together. through the club days, party days. we also grew out of it together as well..
you know how sometimes you just need a giant bowl of roasted brussels sprouts topped with shaved parmesan? yeah.
ummmm nope. avocados, guacamole... yes. brussels sprouts.... no
a sub just pointed out the statue of a chained up angel from the hell dimension in 'anne.' a detail i never caught.
wow awesome never noticed that either
theo epstein dons fake mustache to watch from front row of bleachers
any relation?
ah, good point, but don't most iaas things provide their own snapshotting?
not all... of course, zfs also gets you compression and zfs send as well if you're gonna get your super nerd on in the cloud
1)sleep it off 2)heavy duty aspirin 3) throw up
did 1 and almost 3 lol i just suffered through it for 5 hours
no one understands the love i have for this girl .
my wing was trash that day
i agree. i'm a warner fan.
i also think dawk is gonna have to wait a few yrs
how's your day going?
good how are u
you were right to do so
it was sort of the last straw in a lifetime of musical non-compatibility.
this is the second time trump has insinuated that someone should assassinate hillary clinton. stop this man!
i don't get why they don't
health data is backed up if you chose to encrypt your itunes backup. was your itunes backup encrypted?
i'm not sure. how do i check?
if the were honorable he would have asked to meet privately with and apologize for his birther comments.
no beast so fierce would have but some touch of honor. but has none, and therefore is no beast.
submitting music maker next week. new features are: copy/paste, save/load, export to camera roll (w/ "album art!")
wow is this like the music spinoff from byte?
a nice feature on our schools instagram
why am i just now seeing that you play for sonoma state??
i feel deep despair. trump uses &amp; demeans everyone -- including supporters. i saw it every day for 18 months. america doesn't seem to care.
well, millions of hateful, ignorant people don't seem to care; i don't think it's vast us majority altho race is tighter now.
new york for the weekend!! off we goo
hit me up when you get out here. would be cool to finally meet you.
was there communication?
no. :( he was singing onstage, but still amazing to see him. not a person i ever thought i'd see.
enjoy my maat hire a bicycle &amp; go around central park a few times
bicycle with a small engine? walking a lot every day, but all good! ons gimmies is tough!
where'd you see it??
in la last night at laemmle theater. private showing, not quite complete.
may the only thing that ever comes between us be heat &amp; silk sheets
, brava, but please excuse me. i have an overwhelming urge to see my partner. thank you.
saw an earlier comment where you was thinking writing about 's folly??
counting &amp; , you are about the only chick that understands the picture!!!
why is kobe in the cover?
he retired this year
from the ya think files
this just in: man walks into brick wall, discovers it's solid
i wrote this a month ago on my fear that trump was encouraging violence against clinton. relevant again today:
where? where is our free press, protecting us from encroaching tyranny... where is it? abetting
for my first instagram story i did what i do best: add inappropriate riffs and runs to material that is already in good taste
i am so through with you for this!
redman on losing endorsements and getting arrested 8 times for weed via
t.double what up my dude maintaining? we gotta get up burn a few
it go's for texas hold 'em poker players as well..
it's about 1% that might make a profit but it's because they can risk a lot betting favorites in races..
do trump supporters just create 5 new accounts everyday and start trolling &amp; lying? must be nice to be unemployed and drunk all day.
-remember, many trump supporters are not even literary enough to tweet, putin hired trolls masquerade as trump supporters!
i live on mission st has changed my life for the better. i state wo apology it's my one issue in the d9 election this year.
if i lived in d9 it would be for me too.
excellent. they have you covered
man i hope i can get there in time
me every semester
i feel like i'll be on my 20th by the time in a senior
when you feel bad asking parents for money, but then you realized you went to college for free so they shouldn't mind
i like the way you think there you deserve that! they can't even be mad
:))) good luck to them this season!
thanks! good luck to your giants as well.
sometimes throwing up helps. don't know how or why it just does.
lol yeah it does
nice catch! :o i guess you saw this shot not too long ago.. it hurts right?
that does look horrible but the effects of the original in that shot alone weren't good at all to begin with.
what is this guy wearing?
every possible pattern imaginable
i honestly believe we have the best defense in the state of america
state of america oh man marcus bruce's best line
looking forward to receiving your letter to the editor
indeed! and i'll even be sure to send it to the right journal ;)
this update got me fucked all the way up
anyway how do i play the games
it's similar to what he's said before, but trump's pitch to african-americans is worth your read. whole thing.
"you're dumb, poor, and dangerous. vote for me". he might possibly be the worst pitchman ever
it could be that i'm still new to the east village, but the swarms of moody looking nyu boys walking in packs seems unusually large tonight
its because its a full moon tonight all the crazies are out
and yet you would totally orgasm if they give savior tittle to hook lmao
'you are not allowed to view this user's tweets' :d
absolutely everything about this "you should follow" line up is extremely telling about my twitter presence.
especially jill ryan.
nineteen of asdrubal cabrera's 20 homers this season have come as a shortstop, tying jose reyes' franchise record.
must be the peroxide
you know how sometimes you just need a giant bowl of roasted brussels sprouts topped with shaved parmesan? yeah.
i sometimes think i speak gaelic to the family
gross. this article is just gross and presumptuous and tl;dr "kids like phones more than nature" hem.
yes! why do &amp; keep perpetuating the idea that national parks are the only place to find nature?
because you a hoe and played with his dick* don't lie to twitter
fuck you.
gary steele is the least spock like person on this earth
he laughs too much to be spock lol
awesome, this was a good read!
it's kind of out of date but at the same time not
why does bernie sanders have an easier time calling hillary "far and away the superior candidate" than her biggest supporters?
because, unlike him, we dont have political careers. we can freely call her the corrupt, incompetent, sickly warmonger she is
sorry for delay! we will respond to your email as soon as possible. ^ks
is it going to be on monday? my package was supposed to get here today, so responding on monday won't help unless i havent got it
platform interface engineering manager? for reals? so title. very bsns.
times have changed
bay area council calls for a fight as raiders take another step toward moving to las vegas
move them, i'm done with the nfl
why did my fat ass think this was a bunch of pizza boxed
thank god i'm not the only one
i don't use the hybrid controls so i can't comment on that, but the game is literally unplayable
i know how to use ss, but then you still have the skating-in-concrete issue and loafing on the pk.
what trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. apologize to the president, and to the american people.
y dnt u tell us what was in the 30,000 emails u destroyed. or why u lied to gold star families
"oh, let me think-a. . ." commence the thinking. ". . .mario galaxy 2! outside of my own, it's gotta be-- bbfa3."
i love super mario galaxy too xd,i think it is vary cool
just keeps getting better
blumenthal is a gutless puke who is lower than whale droppings &amp; you know how low that is. he is a very ruthless man
there's a 10-15 min cooldown between usage
the game overall is testing me tonight tbh, so many snipers just camping near objectives, haha.
when you search all over but- indeed, it was a fortuneless cookie
leave. that shit a set up
cool sound bro
what's up all
i can make contributions on several levels to this effort. for one, i can cook. and, i like to drive fast. count me in.
but can you do both at the same time? because that would be amazing.
thanks! good luck to your giants as well.
thank you! big win on sunday against dallas now we have to win on our home opener against new orleans.
i can't tell you how many times i've lost a breakaway because as soon as i get the puck he passes it off for an icing
i thought it was just me on launch day. i never had this issue before. now i have to remind myself to pull back on ls.
i won 10 golds in a month i rarely play em. lol you suck always have
link after tourney for 50+
if you get the chance, try and hit rvd with the "do you know taz by the way" it would be hysterical
he's not here or i would try!
4 were no flavor. is that ok
the flavor just isn't printed on the can: "garbage"
i can make contributions on several levels to this effort. for one, i can cook. and, i like to drive fast. count me in.
let's do this.
he sent me that too
rip i thought we had something special,jk
saw an earlier comment where you was thinking writing about 's folly??
&amp; embraces 's proposals?? 5% growth minimal!
clinton's latest book is selling... poorly:
under the heading of better book titles: "smooth as mayonnaise and just as transparent"
if only i had that outfit!
u have held up well after year+ covering emperor of the deplorables, including his unpresidential sexist insults toward u.
lol necking evil goodbye
that's who i run chals with? you dodging?
is there a collection of tips for projecting and live coding w/ ? best font size, theme, pane arrangement, ...
i really like hasklig. the ligatures for things like &lt;- are wonderful. but teaching may hurt because they don't see keystrokes
"hillary wants to abolish the 2d amendment and take all your guns! we should disarm her bodyguards and see how she likes getting shot!!"
a stupid, crazy obvious stunt, but this being trump in america in 2016, it just might work for him
i would have preferred it if you guys had always agreed and then this was the big reveal that he's actually a total dipshit
it was more like an excited "hey brian, i think i'm finally getting into beck!"
you're fluent in brassica too?
yes, and i now understands me
does this picture show the loch ness monster?
no, you have 3 seals there one with head out of water the other two diving
that's who i run chals with? you dodging?
or do you want to pick my team host etc like everyone else that sucks?
"chase bank is the only person that's texted me today"
i'd would text you as much as i snap you.
i can't tell you how many times i've lost a breakaway because as soon as i get the puck he passes it off for an icing
which of course kills momentum on a rush. spend half the game retrieving the puck/defending. lucky to even win 7 of 9 as i have.
i'm so inactive
i wonder why
thank you! big win on sunday against dallas now we have to win on our home opener against new orleans.
you're welcome.
tru especially when the bitches are older than you
hey i love you!
fallon interviewing hitler: "let's talk about your book!"
at least the roots had a set of balls.
trump: clinton's bodyguards should 'disarm immediately' and 'see what happens to her'
why is trump remark like not having proptection doesn't cause secret service to approach trump about violence against hillary?
i really want to play the sims but my personal computer is a piece of shit and it wouldn't be a good idea to put it on my work computer.
time to get a new computer
new phone. who dis?
new watch. what time is dis?
it's my birthday this weekend so i'm tryna find me a birthday succ
good luck, and happy birthday!!!! &lt;3
is the fraternal order of police the first union to endorse herr trumpf?
why is that surprising?
is she totally out or just demoted to friend of? i admittedly liked her as an addition when she wasn't around james!
i loved having her! i think she left the show!
i'm a bit of a norma desmond but grounded in reality. maybe if demille himself calls i could be coaxed into a return lol.
i'm sorry never heard of your music before. what kind of music did you play?
yes ofc you can just toll my fucking car its not like i need it to get back home, all the way in fucking jersey.
wow they wilding
oh man, meant that in a respectful way-it forever changed the evolution of synthesis! thankful for 2 different mindsets
its all love for real. i just don't think people need to think like that. it's all music sister,
if i lived in d9 it would be for me too.
tweeted from a 49 stuck in van ness traffic
just in: pres. obama to on trump camp birtherism comments: "i was pretty confident about where i was born."
lying muslim would make an aluminum siding salesman hid in the corner
"thanks to clown college, i can fribber the fangle." and other meaningless word salad. we can both play that game. pointless
look. there needs to be a bureaucratic firewall between offense and defense. defense has other sources of clue.
the birtherism crusade hiliar started. don't forget that.
hey jeff, she didn't start it/had no part in it/never said it. stop getting your news from conspiracy sites. making ya dumb.
this from on bernie sanders is exactly right:
bernie forced hillary to give speeches she couldn't make public, dissemble re her email server...
heeeyyyyy, come out and play
yes but only after several days of letting them get used to each other's smells
thank you so much for walking me trough the am trails! let me know if u plan to visit sg!
great meeting you! safe travels back!
who's the boss?? great farewell dinner for tonight.
speaking of being boss, when are you going to indict ?
it's none of my business but i still don't understand the obsession of many of the younger generation wanting to stay friends with an ex.
never take back trash, that's why it's called trash.
looking forward to a great rally at the villages tomorrow afternoon. see you all there!
release your taxes putin liver
and you just asked if inter is a club!
my boy's team best them yst at the sansiro smh
scary thing is u can now ... shit i'm worried
both of you make perfect teammates. in fact, i want ...
they made it twice as slow, and the skating is like guys are in quick sand. stick lift sucks too
stick lifts are auto penalties for me now lmao. i had to kill off 13 of 14 pps on a 5 minute period gm!
if willpower is a depletable resource, as some studies suggest, he's actively draining yours. asshole.
there's no question on this. science backs it up.
finally puts to rest questions over 's birthplace. has more @ 9 on the "birther" controversy
he didn't "put to rest" anything!!!! he is a racist liar who created the fabrication- the rest of the educated world believe
disappointed with my merch order. bought hat 3 weeks ago, have not got item, tracking number, or response from support contact.
thanks for getting back to me. no, as of mail delivery today, still have not received it or email response.
thank god for the roots
y'all need to untwist ur panties over this. seriously... who cares? both candidates suck! u don't need 2 validate.
lol necking evil goodbye
you say i suck so it should be slight even if i'm with him? i've been trying to get a link from
furious media rages at trump: "we got played"
has been playing the media for months took all the oxygen &amp; this is what we got now ~ a despicable human!
cheers to on the promotion at to senior manager of digital content!
thank you so much!
very dangerous talk
its time for the blinders to come off. here's hoping he steps on the gas, crashes &amp; ...
still no luck maybe the kid who came in my car last night took it.ill fuck him up
that kids life was more depressing than mine...that's quite the struggle yo
i feel deep despair. trump uses &amp; demeans everyone -- including supporters. i saw it every day for 18 months. america doesn't seem to care.
america cares - his supporters may not. we are bigger than that - &amp; have more self respect.
given the date i'm sure this is totally valid and not at all an abuse of the justice system for politics.
this is the 4th known rape allegation against trump.
lol necking evil goodbye
you for like 2 months now i know it isn't going to happen. keep dodging fam
how much do you bench (i see 225)
i max at only 150, but usually do less when i keep it casual
why are you surprised? i told you last night, this game and the next 2 are over...
still watching all of the remaining games but thank god football season is here. i hope you have a favorite nfl and nba team
yeah, it's time sane people straightened out you politically correct fools.
man, where were you when bush was in office? he left us in shambles, but no sign of kkk then.
is it acceptable to chase jack with a loko?
is it acceptable to chase a loko with another loko...come on...
nixon coolpix 900! 83x focal zoom. catches every detail on the moon and more even in the darkest night
he also uses it to creep on people down the street
i dunno, flips. can i handle 3 blondes + tequila? i better bring to even out the brunettes
lol-it's ok, my roots are showing-i'm both right now.
new video in an hour! i hope you guys enjoy it! lmk if you're gonna watch!
totally going to watch
how do i get myself amped to go out without caffeine or cocaine
alcohol &amp; edm music
yeah, i stopped watching a few episodes into capaldi's series.
they just take it too seriously now so when it gets wacky my suspension of disbelief goes out the window.
i've tweeted them like 5 times to fix this hitting problem
there's that. pinning themselves to avoid a perfect hit, then kicking it out magically to start a rush.
pickles. aka the devil.
more pickles for the rest of us! :v :v :v
i was sorry to read she didn't like kumquats. i've a fine recipe for pie. :-)
i love them!
i got 50, too. we can grow old and be offended together.
what the hell we deserve better than this!
around 6 million people were killed under stalin - and he just got a new monument in russia
-outside of washington, i don't remember any monument to a politician let alone a mass killer in the u.s.
me neither. i don't have a pressure cooker. i put these in for 30 mins @ 400 and they're sooooo tender.
i've only had brussels sprouts a couple of times and they were bitter. yuck
i'm shocked at myself for not being at riot fest
you've never tweeted anything more relatable
1st asks russia to hack hillary's email. 2nd.asks bodyguards to unarm to see what will happen to her. .
he;s disgusting
absolutely everything about this "you should follow" line up is extremely telling about my twitter presence.
i thirst tweet at so much that twitter was like "have you met his mother?"
.:hand-coded integration lowers initial costs 20%, increases maintenance 200%.
hand-crafted anything is usually good for three things: beer, furniture, and bicycles. if it's code, run!
friends, together we will take back our country from corrupt politicians! we will !
nazis lover you must stop your lies--/ putin liver america rejects u
what time is your flight? we can send you in your way whenever you need!
my flights at 9:30 out of oakland. cutting it pretty close. maybe i can come just for drinks
donald trump spent five years lying about 's citizenship. he can't just take that back.
you have been lying for ever about everything that surrounds you. on top of it, you lie as an officer of the people
i might argue that tomorrow's slate of games is even better than week 1. every kickoff window has a great game, from noon to midnight.
you realize trump just called for an assassination again? but you go ahead and post about nonsense.
so my pictures keep getting taken down on facebook
because facebook can't handle the traffic lol facebook is getting into censorship now.
what are they hiding?
time to start digging!!
don't release balloons into the sky for your shitty art
99 luftballoons
my dream is to drink beers and send stupid tinder messages with you.
it really is fun
i think you misread my tweet. i'm asking why hillary supporters are so bad at cheerleading her.
ah, my bad. it's because they're a scary combination of willingly deluded &amp; arrogantly entitled. they cant be diplomatic
road accidents in colorado due to tch up more than 100%. what a great program!
that's interesting. what's your source, i'd like to check it out.
happy birthday!!
thanks &lt;3
bill o'reilly was right on and very supportive of with his talking points memo tonight. policy specifcs will decide the race
when you've lost o'reilly...
i have $18 left and i dont know what i want to buy
a roster spot on myth
never give up. never give up. humanity depends on it.
absolutely right!!
when the director, photographers and cinematographers are all amused by your improv.
u a born actor. what r u filming now?
maybe he just meant, you know, women.
trump has some thoughts about women
are you doing something awesome for batman day? share your photos using !
wearing my new batman onesie !
i watched the de la documentary from mass appeal. wish it was longer though! they need at least an hour.
i can go on my brother. too many people and groups that need to be known. we have our history too.
i know he got all the protection he needs but fighting really no more just or ur going to mess up that handsome face of urs
i know and he already got into one when he toured here
just in case you liked to repost on fb, here you go
perfect!!! happy tgif!!!
i've tweeted them like 5 times to fix this hitting problem
circle the puck like a shark in bloody water while the cpu comes from blue line, swoop in, take, pass to slot for 1t.
agree to disagree. but go ducks
well said. lets get a win in lincoln
look forward to hearing it. thx 4 tweeting a few months back and scoring the soundtrack 4 my summer
ae never told me you love the band. awesome.
trump owes us - particularly our president and the african american community- an apology. on his knees!
what a wacko. are you on drugs? probably to come out with a statement like that
omg !!!!!!! we are doing this
*contact young's farm in locust valley, tell them chef lizette sent u. amazing
yeah he just kept going i was like close to tears.
he got me in my feels more than old drizzy songs
hey man loved your comic vid and your manga vid, ever read 'dream fossil' by the late satoshi kon?
i have! it made my top ten comics of 2015 list for vice.
strongly disagree. dawkins was among a special group of safeties in the 2000s.
i'm a huge dawk fan but i don't think he's getting in on the 1st ballot
you're here!!
until monday!! what up
as an american - spend you energy and talents researching . share what you find therein fellow citizen!
you research politicususa or politifact &amp; educate yourself not from wikileaks whose info came from russian hacks
well done. we should have all members of shumway email in as well...
check your dm , i sent you something interesting
this series sounds amazing.
. the largest number is about 45 billion, though mathematicians suspect there may be even larger numbers
when you're driving home at night and slow down for someone walking a dog ....and it's a goat. on a leash. a goat.
i walk my alpacas. of course not we live in the middle of nowhere though
watching for my &amp; bryn's first time ever!
i love that movie!!!
i've tweeted them like 5 times to fix this hitting problem
last year we had to wait a week and a half for a tuner.
i've tweeted them like 5 times to fix this hitting problem
let's hope it doesn't take that long this time since they were aware in beta.
amped for tonight's show. had to rock my jersey. salute to the legend
!? i love griselda music and the bulls - i am so amazed that this exists
tv press pool deletes footage of trump hotel tour in protest
take your toys and go home know you losers
i've probably written 30,000 words in the last year arguing against a trump presidency.
he has written many, many articles about trump. i know because i've read most of them.
after 30 years, pete hamill returns to brooklyn - on his 81st birthday i took pete to coney.
beautiful, beautiful article on a national treasure, pete hamill,one of the greatest who ever worked the noble craft.bless him
this is no joke, it's deplorable
no no, see, it's funny because he's dog-whistling his supporters into murdering his political opponent! see?
current bounty + r18 koumaki commission from which i'm super psyched for!
invite me over now.
friends: i would love to have you volunteer to be on ! join us here
putin have fat dad release his taxes and we will see his lies--- trump foundation fraud
so is this second or third time trump has pushed the idea of someone murdering hillary? who's keeping score?
i am so sick of all of this, no one will stand up to him
yes it makes me feel like i can cook real food
had the same dinner tonight!
thanks for all the kind comments, lovely tweeple! always enjoy being on w/ my pal chris, and shout out to the amazing
we appreciate your relentless opposition to bs!!!!
in 8 hours 's gone from admitting obama was born in america to fantasizing about hillary's death in america.
he's even more disgusting than usual
trump promising "one people under one god saluting one flag"
as a person with german heritage, those words not only sound familiar, but also rather dangerous...
is it a competition??
bringing the brutal
around 6 million people were killed under stalin - and he just got a new monument in russia
-it seems the russians need to have big brother statues leering down at them from every street corner.
no new commentary...no added jerseys for nhl teams. they literally made the game worse
i want to like the game so badly. it's all we have. but it is an insult to hardcore hockey players/fans.
this from on bernie sanders is exactly right:
you realize that did more to shield from her email scandal than all you flacks combined?
watch: barack obama admits he was born in kenya..
am i in the twilight zone or is this an incredible fabrication?
"wizard duels" is that a euphemism for swordfighting or
i feel like it'd be a hell of an event either way, so.....
i have until the 24th. stop being so dramatic
stop telling me what to do!!!!!!!!!!!
even with async/await at stage 4 now?
ya, that transpile is not code i'd recommend in production on phones or servers (basically a big while true state machine)
errrm.. i just coloured my hair by mistake :v
how the hell did you do that?!
a slackbot that pretends it's me. "tell me more about that deal...?" "how do you feel about that contract...?"
"yes, but will it close this quarter?" "should someone get on a plane?"
i look forward to the day that apple hardware and ios both take two steps forward together. always feels like 2 forward, 1 back.
totally agreed - there are features in ios10 i really want in macos!
i feel deep despair. trump uses &amp; demeans everyone -- including supporters. i saw it every day for 18 months. america doesn't seem to care.
some americans don't care, those allowing themselves 2be misled by a huckster. hillary supporters must register &amp; vote for her
my dad was born in poland. do you know how many people ever asked me whether or not i was born in america? nobody ever asked me that.
probably worked hard to eradicate accent/culture. poles in my family, heavy accents, mannerisms, they get asked.
yeah the game sucks. i have 17 and i'm still playing 16. many people are. it's a joke.
gonna go back in the meantime myself. shame, though.
why clinton's pitch on the economy is so weak by
she dose not have one
ciao! join me! kroger's twitter party this saturday, sept. 17th from 3-4 pm et!
saturday party time? is there rsvp!! wow!! no day for a rest?
'he (trump) has disgraced himself.' bring it, sheila jackson lee!
you people are idiots. no wonder people are racist. thank yourself.
they got nothing. that's his point.
how can mlb possibly think this rights any wrongs?
eh, me too now. thats a tough claim to defend i suspect......
whenever one of them trolls blocks we automatically win.
the melania trump immigration story was a case of bad reporting:
illegal alien - came to us illegally and your nazis husband should ship u out
i'm hoping to see blair witch on vacation next week, but it might be a hard sell for my wife and friends.
well i don't have a wife or any friends so i didn't have to convince anyone. *forever alone*
we've seen it coming for three decades, bub. europe govt fell to socialists in the 60s. took a little longer in the us.
all wasn't blame on us alone of course; decades long combo of conflicts. only this last year did middle eastern refugees swarm
just wrote a 3 page rant about everyone that has done me wrong. feels good.
what page am i on?
always remember that there's someone funnier, smarter, and more attractive than you out there.
thanks for the reminder
i'm assuming you met with to discuss future projects with bachmanity and aviato.
i'm more than a little ashamed i didn't think to make a hartsmanity joke
you're welcome.
thanks. are you headed to the game right now or still waiting?
you're fluent in brassica too?
i'm going to make this again tomorrow with more protein. i'm alone in this endeavor..
really? realizing it's a full moon weekend and i'm about to start 3 nocs in a row
but your makeup is on point as per usual
couldn't even do it. fam obligation plus a long ass run in the am
fair enough. lol
have fun!!!
thank you so so much!
did u know that woman doesn't like her butt.
that's a travesty. her ass is great.
actual homie
he remembered me at insomnia, because of you. lol
if the national media can cover 's cough more than calling for her assassination, they should just quit now
totally agree. the media has unleashed this despicable human being &amp; only they can stop him!
potato factory:
these three dudes found the factory where most of cameras come from.
it's true that i have been cooking more. still aiming for rick rubin though!
you are getting close! the beard on the sticker looks way short now.
yesterday, i had a design review with 13 very senior engineers &amp; managers. anyone care to guess the racial and gender composition of group?
well, actually it was...
rt : tough crowd, eh? @[me]
sad that it's friday night soccer and all i see on tv is empty seats. sad.
a tattoo on his what now?
i thought cassandra was dead.....
it's frustrating to me, because i genuinely care about trump losing. but all we ever get is (1) stop trump and (2) browbeating
because they never faced the facts hillary has no good points, so they've been hammering their opponent from the getgo.
donald trump just did a speech in miami. he said eight false things.
can't you just say lied instead of falsely? you're part of the problem here
. humiliates trump surrogate: 'of course birtherism is racial!'
she is no joy to watch.
thanks. are you headed to the game right now or still waiting?
it's in texas.
total derivatives (not netted) plus global debt is still over $1 quadrillion. let that sink in. the first use of the q word in finance...
. if you grew the global derivatives book by $1.3 billion per day since christ was born, you get to $1 quadrillion. easy to grasp.
if you're following me on here just to pick on my followers and fans then i suggest you back the heck off. you know who you are.
such mild language... get more vicious. or creative...
yeah, so he trashed the corruptness of hillary. then he endorses &amp; then buys a $600k home.
trump starts his campaign in arizona and comes out speaking very offensive language. is that what america is all about?
that is the most asanine tweet i've ever read.
yeah because every texas holden player dosent need to work for a living they all live off betting..asshole!
he shoulda jumped by now
check the news for info on my funeral
an instagram photo of mushrooms posted by medvedev was used by navalny to find his lavish country estate.
-curious, putin is into poisoning his enemies, and medvedev picks mushrooms on his lavish estate.
enjoy being with the great today at ! he is a great guy and and truly an amazing talent!
disgrace that he will be photo with nazis friend
that moment when you discover you have dead zone powers and they're revealing a horrific future
this is funny but it isn't at the same time....
best chicken in nyc!
thank you!!!!
i am not talking politics..just talking basic good manners and decency
there in bed together getting same checks from saudis
i was supposed to go to a party tonight but i failed to note where it was. so instead i'm making granola and hate-watching tiny house nation
granola/tiny house nation is, btw, almost always preferable to a party.
the series needs a lot more attention.
just watch the original
i've probably written 30,000 words in the last year arguing against a trump presidency.
not the media's fault. if people r dumb enough to elect this nazi pos america deserves 2 b curbstomped
restored from icloud backup. haven't launched any google apps, let alone duo. how is it bugging like this?
background notification they probe with to determine fallibility? just a guess
it definitely is.. they have wonderful ideas (fran. mode, wch mode, create a team) but then they forget about the basics
this is what happens when you cater to casuals. if they can code all these bells and whistles...
it's frustrating to me, because i genuinely care about trump losing. but all we ever get is (1) stop trump and (2) browbeating
but they're both frightening to me &amp; i won't vote either. trump winning however, will force the dnc to face facts.
gnu/random house
rofllllll literally said that
: hell yeah!! can't wait!
i know dan is ecstatic too
keeping it simple. if (when) italian political risk hits crescendo at the same time db and others are in pain...
as emma stone said, "this is gonna be fun."
an 80s of sorts.
really seems like by kimberely aka robin scorpio
first time ever walking around ocean grove: stunning buildings &amp; a spot for outdoor sunday church music .
yes another great spot. we stay in bradley beach, next town south of ocean grove
my nephew grew his hair out for two years to donate to kids with cancer
that is so sweet, such a wonderful kid.
packing for maine. i always leave this city when it's weather is best.
where in maine?
couldn't help it! i had to see sully again!
you did it!!!!!!
i was lucky to see albee give a speech at the lammys in 2011, during which he (controversially) insisted he was not a "gay writer"
i may not have agreed with all of his politics, but whatever they were-he could write the hell out of a play
dear , i can imagine your team "believing" the music app is better now and that us consumers don't know what we're talking about
dear , i'm most likely annoying my followers with these tweets but i've never been so disappointed in an apple product/update.
ppl who spent 9 months smearing sanders &amp; accusing the left of blind demagoguery "why won't you just get with the program like bernie said?"
i don't see how recovers from this election with any credibility.
they just take it too seriously now so when it gets wacky my suspension of disbelief goes out the window.
the show was at it's best when it was fun fantasy. even the darker episodes had a level of "camp" that kept it fun.
damn. what a legacy. what a brilliant writer.
. i remember the exact day i went to the 4 arts library and found a book of his plays. i read the zoo story and it haunted me
damn. what a legacy. what a brilliant writer.
. i remember the exact day i went to the 4 arts library and found a book of his plays. i read the zoo story and it haunted me
it definitely is.. they have wonderful ideas (fran. mode, wch mode, create a team) but then they forget about the basics
then why is it so difficult after transporting from old gen (a bigger task) to fix decade-long passing/ai issues?
still doesn't know it's not called "bear: a pop opera"
it's not that i'm unaware, it's that i'm uninterested in calling it that
you're on your way! have a fantastic time!
thank you dear! at the hotel having cocktails
friday night football
+5 awesome pic!
here's what you're getting wrong about user research by
assuming what they know or don't know?
etc/eth &lt; 10%, i wish there was a name change so this relationship would start to fade.
i think this next week will demonstrate that innovation and progress defeats static dogma.
makes more sense but less fun for me. looking for someone who loves the whole career but thinks he just gets better &amp; better
i liked that single "i won't be long" from a couple years back. know that one? feel like he's got great chops now but no fire?
can i just say that i had some kind of utopian alternate reality customer service experience with ?
thanks for the shout out!! happy friday!
to be real honest that video seems 2 have been spliced together. no disrespect, just thought i'd say something.
yes it was spliced but not the complete sentences not the content. truth!
the fact that people like this think my feelings are in anyway caught up in their opinion of me is mind boggling.
thanks for the heads up. i've blocked her.
sleepytime bear is back in his den enjoying a well-earned nap. the full artwork has returned on our beloved boxes!
been drinking your tea for a very long time
serious question: your best friend murders someone &amp; they think you did it &amp; you get hit with the 25 to life. would you speak up or?
*dj lilman voice* if they guilty, point em out
was great! thanks for coming to our school! you are an amazing person!!!!
ty for embracing the message. keep on making a difference.seize the day!
they fear you.... good!
love you, stay with it please, we need you
this could be a dream come true
you not coming tomorrow ?
oh you are evil
guys that was like 3 hours ago lmao i'm fine now :p
simple reality is that many european financial institutions are insolvent. counterparty risk is massive today.
the guys who made it big in '09 bet the ranch counterparty risk wouldn't kill them. thank you global cbs!
imagine a blindsided paulie walnuts would he break down in tears or break legs?
you think that's funny, funny like a clown?!
side note: , the firm that reps employees in warn suit, also reps truckers in the jevic case pending before scotus
outten &amp; golden was also the main firm behind the intern lawsuits!
finally able to test on some new hardware with ios 10 and it's amazing!
do you sense any small lag when you tap the home button to exit an app and return to the home screen?
who's that?
read the thread
one hour away. i can't wait for this.
you're the man. after a loss, i always feel better after listening to your analysis
it definitely is.. they have wonderful ideas (fran. mode, wch mode, create a team) but then they forget about the basics
i am actually glad i have to work 10 times harder to score, love that cpu shoots more blah blah but same core issues 8 str yrs
it's in texas.
haha wow i thought you were actually going to go to the game. i feel so dumb right now lol
to get to easy you have to go through hard
lovemy pic! tyou! kira
there was a storm a few days ago and now it's not working properly (wasn't working at all yesterday).
im sorry about that hope you are able to see monday.
hello! my girl got screwed too, you weren't the only one...
yes we both did !!
the very frisky , part 3/3
so freaking hot!
made it to lincoln - another smooth flight
enjoy what will be an electric scene at memorial stadium. time to reverse some demons of the 80s &amp; 70s games there.
her campaign asked for it it to be investigated to see if was born in the us. get your head out of hillarys ass. makin ya dumb
"i love the poorly educated!"
got laid off today, so it's gonna be a "drink scotch and feel sorry for myself" kind of evening.
sorry about your loss dude, hope you're able to get back on your feet fast
the very frisky , part 3/3
drooling here!
i saw her last in sb in '97...had a baby boy, then moved east. do you have a son? i saw one family photo...not you, tho.
so are u going back to the island?
penny just found out we're out of dog treats.
that face
recipe? that sounds like something i'd like! :) lol
ha ha sooner or later he would hit on a favorite for you!
the one in front looks like a seal.
looks like a bunch of seals in a line
"barack obama was born in america, plain and simple, and donald trump owes him and the american people an apology." -
it's sad that all hillary has to talk about is trump. what does she have to offer america?
for me the potential cost of a trump presidency is far too great. but i won't browbeat you about it.
i won't either. but for me, hillary has helped kill millions in iraq, libya, syria, honduras &amp; yemen. i want no more of that.
how much drugs did you get from the dentist? thought it was just a checkup
i really just want to know what those two would talk about. how many times dunleavy almost got a tat?
i miss you so much more pumpkin spice
i love you so much
it's just so funny how y'all wanna take credit for 109% of history yet ya uncle out here beggin u to love him in public &amp; u don't claim him
i have nothing left
ciao! join me! kroger's twitter party this saturday, sept. 17th from 3-4 pm et!
great let's talk about the luckyfig!
rt to enter to win a custom louisville slugger signed by roberto clemente award finalist .
won a murphy bat last year like the day he caught fire. just saying...
haha wow i thought you were actually going to go to the game. i feel so dumb right now lol
it's all good. i'm going to the final homestand against texas at the end of the month though.
this week, conway said clinton treats the press like second class citizens. please note that trump is speaking right now and we are on a bus
you need to do a better job of shaming him/them. partly media fault for not sticking it to them
u didnt mention that we are actually physically superior as well much better looking than liberals
we don't want you to get too swelled of a head. we want you to stay humble stormtroopers.
what a gem his family must be so proud
paulie es muy mucho douche el bago
in miami, trump uses misleading statistic: "58 percent of african-american youth are not working. can't get a job."
and here's the real numbers, courtesy ; source:
there won't be a stream today . i'm gonna try and get some rest and recover from this crazy month on ! love you all
unacceptable.
this is me perched on a stool wearing a tank with on the back thesaints
stunning and love the outfit!!
j.r.r. tolkien's original first page for lord of the rings, 1937.
i love the fact his english script handwriting had a quenya/sindarin feel, even then.
i almost want to vote for afp!
be my guest .... i would love it !!! your not the only one that has shown me some love !! thank you
maybe his second time
ha! technically it's my first time on this config since they change t11 every year. good luck at cota!
this is just the begning hahaha
that's what we're hoping too
georgia closing polling places in black neighborhoods after scotus gutted voting rights act
doesn't know anyone who can give him a 2 mile ride? how does he grocery shop? who does his banking? bad example to use ari.
. has provided with free therapy. by future 45th president trump...
... stating: "let's see what happens to her." 1) she would most likely feel vulnerable ...
i know he did my poor boo
yeah i think what started the fight was when justin smacked him
you asked for it. you got it. jocko white tea pomegranate now available at get some!
done and done. 4 canisters ordered.
oh, that is very interesting. i thought russia had lots of oil to sell.
that's his problem, everyone else does too.
and by god the old testament is full of all sorts of mischief.
the liar for allah is back and thinks i forgot all the thing he ignored. lol
what's the incident number for your email. i'll have an agent check on it for you. ^ks
thanks for being there! the driver just came by and said he was running late, which is unusual. knew something was off. got it!
this bullshit he spouts has nothing to do with black people and isn't aimed at black people.
it really needs to stop being called "african-american outreach" because it's not what it is. yeah those are the words used. it's lies.
my asian girlfriend finds it interesting that online im called a racist as well. she supports trump too
love you sugar. my adopted daughter is korean &amp; love her with all my heart
i like you for this
thank you, see you tonight
guys, i'm having an awesome day!!! but don't tell anyone. gotta pretend it sucks to justify all the beers i'm gonna have tonight.
got your back. beer needs no such excuses. just drink and jump up and down as usual. &lt;g&gt;
and by god the old testament is full of all sorts of mischief.
stories of those times. not commands for all times.
he's clearly become a republican past few years.
hmm this explains all of the bumper stickers i've been seeing...
you pretty obviously have no understanding of history whatsoever, so i'm not really interested anymore.
i'm good on history. for example, i know history will judge 3rd party voters harshly if trump wins
wow! why do you dislike bose? you are possibly the first person i know who doesn't like bose.
bose is at the bottom most rung in the world of audiophiles. overpriced and underperforming.
you overestimate how large our apartment is
it depends on what kind of baby whale
while hillary sits at home on her donut pillow watching her birther alibi fall apart, this happened....
what a news day this was.
enjoy this harrowing recount of the would-be trump press pool's bizarre morning, the day of
just in time for him to suggest that someone should take out hillary.
thank you mark!!
very welcome! to you. always love when someone teaches me something i didn't know. you're on my radar. hope you're good
hearing lots of sirens now
i'm on a bus going home now
na, niggas rather jus ignore it than tell they mans what to work on
true i always gave u feedbac im still waiting on that u &amp; tone shit
lmao yes it is! i just saved like 5 beyonce gifs and they all work
try posting them lmao
i'm hoping that the generic domain of *.* can be put back into the cross domain file for the api servers.
we're not going to add that exception back in. it's too dangerous. which app is it? do you have a website?
bartolo colon overcomes an error by yoenis cespedes with a pickoff in a scoreless fourth. 2, 0, mid-4
can he teach thor that move?
he has a shot. maybe gets in 2nd year
maybe...remember the other safeties won a sb and defensive poy.
he stopped snapchatting me cuz i stopped replying
lmao he just snapped right now i don't respond either usually because he does it during the buttfuck morning
it's a full moon so i got extra arm hairs today
is past your bedtime sir
omg. my head is spinning. yours? can you believe he just said this? be sure you vote for .
yes i can it take someone less than a man 2 say that trump is not a man
it's all good. i'm going to the final homestand against texas at the end of the month though.
that might be a big game for texas. maybe they want to play for best record in the al so you guys might want to play spoilers.
eric, i can't tell if your getting these tweets or not, my email is jayice2.com
i am getting your tweets :)
the myth in plain sight that is false this : the infallible central bank, will soon be unmasked.
it is staggeringly false. in '06 i diversified across institutions, not asset classes. not sure it'll work.
"there are a lot of very, very evil people...we have to be prepared. we have to keep our country so great and so strong." -
mainly iranians that obama keeps funding.
in my defense, they wouldn't let me use the equipment without a) spotters and b) a signed waiver
did they have a approved wheelchair nearby?
dtp down to party lol .. love and miss u guys
you too dino! hope you're well brother!
you're not white jew boy so shut your kike hole
just another fake hillary clinton twitter account!
... stating: "let's see what happens to her." 1) she would most likely feel vulnerable ...
2)she might want to isolate herself 3) her outlook on 2nd amendment would become personal.
hi please bring back some melon bread and sesame mochi. thanks.
hi can we add banana sponge cake ? thanks
there's no doubt michelle obama is the most influential flotus in history.
eleanor roosevelt was amazing.
how can you sit there with a straight face with these spox??? you have a sense of calm when they outrage me
they outrage me too. what trump did was an american to all americans
its easy to prove, if you believe jesus to be god, he has to be the god of the old testament as well.
jesus did not kill and maim as that scumbag mohammad did. both of you are disgraceful.
at a gallery showing doing black gallery things and there's a guy here dressed like pee-wee herman
to the point that i did a double take. there is no way he doesn't know that he's cosplaying pee-wee
you and dr. savage don't need the "media" you're it. along with
you have us
if you have the time to snap a photo i'm happy to collect and categorize them!
haven't seen any problems until today. 6 trucks. 4 blocking lane for a whole block.
halloween at the package store?! yup.
i'm dying to try this
thanks i think...
because of that wilted piece of lettuce :)
i do like football...nba, ugh, a lot of punks i can't really deal with...use to love it, now, not so much...
who's your favorite nfl team?
if jenna didn't shoot spencer, who did? did a.d? or mary drake by accident?
ad because mary didn't have a gun. she took jenna's when mary knocked her out
"i'll have what he's having." cabrera follows 's home run up with one of his own. 2-0 !
cabby.. show off those muscles guys!
i'll be there!
great to meet you today! all the best with manuscript :-))
'not good luck, good skill' i didn't listen to the other garbage lol
good skill yes haha i rememver now
bitch wtf is checkers
wow. guess checkers is just a eastcoast thing. you missing out though bro, shit is lit.
hey , just did give me 1 clap, 2 claps, 3 claps, give me 1 hoorah! thanks for impacting !
so cool! great to see the school spirit and dhs standing up for one another
that might be a big game for texas. maybe they want to play for best record in the al so you guys might want to play spoilers.
a's have been playing spoilers lately. they swept the royals last night.
double fist loko's
haha double fist? you mean shotgun two lokos oh okay..
lol. after the bomb? wasn't that enough
sure but i was just curious if he locked down his opponent the rest of the way
when your so knows that all you wanted for your birthday were matching flannel yukata!!
can't believe you didn't mention this today. happy birthday! working with you is awesome.
are you in asbury?
lmao yes i actually like them tho this was a joke
i dont wanna go. stupid party. haha
shut up lol. and i already got your money so your loss
how much does policy influence the vote? says "not much in this election"
unless it's policy, stupid..even &amp; 's catching on!
hmmm. i don't find them bitter, but i'm not sure i experience bitter in the same way as others.
hmmmmm curious
who is this guy? ugh! how anyone could belive the theory is beyond me! this sam guy can go fuck himself!
scottie neil is on cnn and omg she's an idiot
i have already ! but are big enough , little man
really? that is why i continue to use you to unite with others against islam. lol
gitmo detainees return to fighting.
thanks to obama
a's have been playing spoilers lately. they swept the royals last night.
playing those type of teams are always the scariest lol
price listing...come shop
come shop! throwing up weekend deals as we speak $$$ dm if you tryna work
ya allah out of all pics ??? lmfao i love you more sugga
we all know rabia refuses to be photographed so yes
restored from icloud backup. haven't launched any google apps, let alone duo. how is it bugging like this?
it's lonely.
feliway has a 'multicat' pheromone blend that made re-introducing my two cats go.. way too smoothly
also, allow me to re-introduce these cats my name is *cats hissing and yowling*
the congressional black caucus leaders are deceivers. they will say &amp; do whatever it takes to keep blacks in poverty
great representatives for the black community . deplorable. how do they live w/ themselves??
rt : here are my favorite places to eat, drink, and hike in
keep an eye on my proto
: hillary doesn't like guns, take her bodyguards guns away "and see what happens 2 her."
tired. so tired
new app designed for rcsd parents tracks grades, attendance
we've had this for quite a few years at east irondequoit. i love it!! but glad my parents never had this technology!!
a lot of mosques are ran by fanatic imams in the uk and nothing is being done about it here in uk, you will have it next.
you sound like my husband.i try to see the good in all. any religion has fanatics, isis is extremist muslim.
i hope that my sarcasm was evident in the preceding tweet :).
what's sarcastic? that's basically status quo.
not sure what to call index.html and "fragments" though.
entry fragment? or chunks/entry chunk like in webpack?
it's amazing what strangers see in you
these complete stranger spoke to me for 5 min, and professed i was my generations oprah. sir, speak all dat over me.
don't be so quick to believe what you hear because lies spread quicker than the truth.
thats not a fucking fact
playing those type of teams are always the scariest lol
definitely.
in the beginning god!...
"you are worthy, o lord, 2 receive glory+honor+ power; 4 u created all things, +by your will they exist+were created rev.4:11
what do you guys think: should i keep my hair platinum or should i go darker?
girl, you wear platinum like a rock star hangs records on the walls '';)-
her staff did
no, they didn't. that was 100% debunked. it wasn't her staff, it wasn't her people. it was trump.
.'s disrespect for a pastor showed his contempt for women, african americans and the people of flint
what don't the just take this sick f out of tv media
a "joke" ... that's about assassination ...
second time trump has called for hillary to be shot. will press other than you, , &amp; do anything?
right now, only bose gives me a good quality. however, i am always looking for something better.
hmmm how different is it possible to use earphones or headphones with hearing aids?
have an interesting exhibition on its lovely round there too. i haven't really done anything tourist like
really?! have you been here almost a year soon? do you miss the uk much? i could live in cali but not a big city like this x
except that time he blew up a plane, killing 189 americans...
looks like giuliani is having. dementia moment or his head is all butter in trump bullshit!
buying a new iphone. i'm doing this whole visit a state for the first time thing right, right?
by 2073 you can have bought one in every state!
literally cause you in the bronx
im in college you around?
miami for halloween, fuck yes
ur crazy come to salem with me
checkers and rallys are literally the same thing lol
this is true lol
check ya boy out in this new music video. i wanted to die.
this is the most amazing thing i have ever watched.
"i want a very small kitchen, but i am not giving up my commemorative shot glass collection!"
that i use for the artisanal tequila that i make and sell in a tiny house boutique that requires 8 million tons of equipment.
another option, on any given photo, give me a link to "see more photos at this location"
is there no map view?
when the world wakes up the the fact of political risk and credit markets get repriced appropriately...
enjoy this '02 email on risk. unredacted (unlike others)...
are you joining us for ? let's stop marine debris before it enters the ocean.
we will have 2 volunteers from for the great american river cleanup at paradise beach!
this bullshit he spouts has nothing to do with black people and isn't aimed at black people.
it's sham outreach to black people to pretend to not be a bigot and make white supporters with guilt but don't know black folks feel ok.
: we need to see said pic's! broomstick 1 must have paid her to do this! where has she been for 22 years?????
you'd defend &amp; justify child rape. that's unbelievably immoral ' disgusting
what the hell my woman
love you sis
grab a screenshot of me at the game &amp; win a free hat (team of your choice, yes this includes expos)!!
does this count? ha!
is that movements
for sure we out!
stop telling me to @ him when u know i cant smh
are we thinking about the same person
live from miami: enjoy the palm trees and sun
hey didn't birdman copyright hand rubbing? and was tru always a hybrid french &amp; jim jones?
finished and filed my monday column tonight. not sure it's going to hold...
no way. not if it's remotely related to the election. impressed w the advance work tho. have a good weekend.
turns out mct can go well beyond mars, so will need a new name...
you, sir, are a tease. and we love you. sep 26th announcement still on and not delayed by sep 1st unpleasantness? we hope? :(
live life to the max! see life extension final clearance sale + 25%- 70% off top vitamin and supplement deals and...
see life extension blood testing ~check top protocols for all kinds of conditions
first set of mega mag giveaways on their way to our winners! congrats
huwaw!!!oemgeee! ang husay! like magic wand? pooof! here it is
no deals hah
my invention plays movie
sbs dont guarantee hof unless you're joe namath.
not for nothing joe namath was great, don't look at stats.
it's amazing what strangers see in you
this complete stranger spoke to me for 5 min, and professed i was my generations oprah. sir, speak all dat over me.
"president barack obama was born in the united states, period"
this is what 2 candidates for president of the united states are talking about?
the prediction is that we'll be training computers like dogs and software engineers will disappear.
they'll certainly improve, but machine learning is still a black box. with eu regulations in particular, may not fly
my invention plays movie
theme music gal et al
if i make it to tomorrow and paypal still doesn't charge me i'm picking 5 followers to buy something under 100 for.
aww you can get me 2k17
to all the people dogging on for his love of : may you one day feel that much excitement and love for a movie.
i personally loved it. easily one of my favorites of the year. so i support you brad.
a great playwright who changed the american theater is gone. rest in peace, edward albee.
oh, no. just no. rip edward albee
what orchestra are you conducting?
last night at the proms lad!!!! bit of beethoven!
they might start him.
maybe, when mets were showcasing him in '83 he made a handful of starts.
still heading to canton though. what about you???
nice attitude fans want to hear. ur trip to canton in a decade doesnt matter to the today.
the earth isn't flat , read a book! you are a joke and not a real american
hear reasoning of why we need to stop discussing it is hilarious. he fed that lie for yrs
i know is who im voting for...they should have at least put him in this new season thats coming on
thanks so much marc !!
isn't that what the does?
we're going to invest in water storage!
you're right, i'm just antsy because no other football games are on and my heart can't be broken by the just yet
better than what i did. have sat night tix. thought i had friday. realized fourteen seconds before leaving my apt.
just finished booking one of the most eventful months of my life - lets link up and do dop...
nyc meet up?!
they have even threatened to prosecute climate change deniers
"prosecute" means to bring criminal charges or pursue same. please show me. thanks.
silicon valley in one situation: audi r8 (license plate: "envable") on 6th street.
with or without the typo?
foul i was like why is she screenshotting this old man haha
i know i was like he probably is like wtf is she doing
the album version of this is so vastly different from the pre-release single and i love it
i did not think i had room in my heart for piano-driven house tracks in 2016. i was wrong
turns out mct can go well beyond mars, so will need a new name...
you, sir, are a tease. and we love you. sep 27th announcement still on and not delayed by sep 1st unpleasantness? we hope? :(
ran out of tweets???come back anytime lol....*smirks*
we both have faith in our beliefs :) the difference? u don't use reason or logic, while i do. you are not brave, i am. u r scared
shld never be allowed to get away with these insinuations. rt
what world do we live in this hateful rhetoric has become the norm?
ty!!!! so glad to see you finally made the move up to cuse btw!
one more week and it's officially my home for a little while! tn, is next though ;)
because of the riders the parties tried to attach to the bills. dems did and gop did it. this post is bs
thanks, that is the correct answer. is their something about this post that is untrue?
paulie's hair cuts went from bad to even worse as the season progressed. who's with me?
he had no one to copy off of!
psst! hey new york! come say wuz up!
...are you doing any other appearances in nyc other comic con ?
ok, i am going to ask: how do we win over new audience.
we must learn their concerns, what worries them. talk with them, not at them. learn 2 respect them for who they r.
love to be scolded by a philosophy teacher who doesn't believe in free-will for coming to class late too often
they can't help it
i bet can't wait to host her show this weekend after all the lies from trump that msm has allowed to go unchallenged
same here!!
sbs dont guarantee hof unless you're joe namath.
he prob won the most important game in the afl nfl merger.
but, this time the goal was "docilization" - rather than war, render your enemy docile.
the act of not acting in time... on the us part. but now iraqi gov has been gaining ground against there. ...
but i got to give props to justin he held his own without his bodyguards there to help him out
i think one did though he just ran late
: really? is "jane doe" listed in the phone book?
shame on you. hard to believe you're a grandmother &amp; would trivialize raping children. smh
fifty eight
hoarder life. 6 of them are lil wayne lmaooo
actually it was her supporters in 2008. trump didn't start it.
actually, yes it was trump. every single news outlet in the country covered that today and confirmed, it was trump
dolphins' grand offseason plans for parker, ajayi collapsed, writes .
fuck the nfl
today's tournaments 2v2 snd 1nd 9pm est $10 payout. 4v4 snd 1nd 10pm est signups: rt's appreciated
need 1 for the 2v2 hmu
back shooting . what's your favorite part of the show? what would make it better?
i can't imagine they'd do this, but i'd like to see an update on companies that didn't make it and why they didn't.
alcohol makes me feel the way people ought to feel without alcohol.
did you have to go there at 5 on a friday? really? (yes i know it's not 5 where you are)
ok, i am going to ask: how do we win over new audience.
in other words win them over, &amp; that's for starters.
9/16/16- running from , to ruptures-emergency declared... 2min. rt
we are supposed to believe this was an accident ? sudden surge in gas prices across nation. also prove pipe lines eco terror
this one is for all to know that god loves you so &amp; especially 4 mighty to save via
thank you sister! that was so sweet putting up that great song! praise god!
art's gonna end up under center and baylor will win 70-3
get him tf outta there. send the national guard.
i think i worked it out, the touchid sensor is what's making the connection. no sensor connection, no click.
does it work if your finger is wet? touchid won't work on my se if even the slightest bit of moisture is present.
a "joke" ... that's about assassination ...
i don't understand why news organizations refuse to take this madman seriously.
-le being a december '15 onion headline in september '16
hear me now, believe me later.
it's sham outreach to black people to pretend to not be a bigot and make white supporters with guilt but don't know black folks feel ok.
trump and his people know good and well that black people aren't voting for him. that phony birther speech wasn't for us either. we know.
are you able to sell it back to the grid for maximum profit?
we can sell it to the dwp, but for pennies on the kilojoule
i need to get better at vc gossip i am uncomfortable at parties without it
by your 3rd conversation you can start repeating what you've heard with minor variations.
pizza zoo is officially sold out!
these costumes are gonna hit
you sound just like the tea partiers you no doubt despise
2 words- false equivalence. cheetonazi hired bannon, sucks alt-right base cock. fuck you.
i have it. monster food truck rally. picture it.
does the oscar mayer wienermobile count? they don't actually make food.
that's why it's called the golden hour... but it doesn't last an hour
my favorite singer (maria bethania) said she hates that time of day, not day not night, too uncertain, love diff views too
her staff did
but by all means, please continue to argue with abc, nbc, cbs, cnn, msnbc, foxnews, cnbc
fed-up illegal immigrants take to the streets and demand 'free' college tuition
i agree that the illegals should get free education and there are reserved seats for them in russian gulags, have a nice trip!
haven't you seen the car he drives
shhhhhh before the papplerazzi find out...
if only i had that outfit!
is that alligator skin? meh, katy deserves nothing better than anaconda!
1/ i would flip your point. it is interesting that dems have not done better at capitalizing on o's popularity
problem with dnc is that their candidate is starring in dawn of the dead.
several hours later and i cannot restore from icloud backup. this is not new.
to the "backup now!" set: y'all ever try using apple's restore tools? p worthless tbqh.
aint nun like og kush from oakland. thats all i smoke too fuck girlscout cookies!
you got any now? i'm from missouri but here for the weekend and need some of that cali kush. hit me back.
ur crazy come to salem with me
i wanna go for a weekend soon! lmk when you're free
"yes, but will it close this quarter?" "should someone get on a plane?"
i already was sent three term sheets.
you merely adopted the darkness, i was molded by it edition lol
check please!
despair arc 10 successfully broke everyone who wasn't already broken from future arc 10 kodaka had a plan, and it worked.
was that one the hanakana abuse one?
gonna sob into this entenmanns chocolate cake and maybe even eat an entenmanns corn muffin for no reason
would kill for one
how i wish i could get support from involved citizens like you to spread rational patriotic ideas! *hillary needs to use psyc/humor?
"well-wisher psych pro's" q:have experts done a good job re hillary's personality/trustworthiness?
it's dumb that a cashier has to be 21 to sell me a 6-pack of beer. if she's under 21 it's a big scene. unnecessary.
that doesn't make any sense. you only have to be 18 to serve drinks in a restaurant?
but, this time the goal was "docilization" - rather than war, render your enemy docile.
americans will get offended but are also over tolerant these days at some level. some not mind refugees others do. split issues
pleasure to hear you destroy that rat fuck rapper and that disgusting skank lena dunham. she's such a sloppy dishrag, hideous.
..wanted to go in more, but i was heavily sedated for that episode, i literally came straight from a root canal. lol
i hope you get a paper cut... on your tongue
okay chance the rapper
y'all kyra and oscar are going to take as much time as the need to make the video. would you rather have a quick bad quality
video or a video with good quality that took a little longer? let them do things on their own time. it's their gender reveal.
was filming all day for video parody for hanukkah project.
well all hour at least lol
i didn't realize you were still in ny, i will be at makerfaire also. will be at the ultimaker booth.
ill be there all weekend, ill come find you.
me, from the bridge tonight
lucky, lucky man. hope you enjoyed it tony.
oh man, you've never left this country have you?
it's cool he's just shufflin' every day
remote prune only clears remotes. i manually remove locals using sourcetree.
yup, and -dry-run + xargs is your friend to remove the local versions of the stale remotes
i can't believe that after 3.5 long months, in 48 hours, i will finally be smoking weed w once again
it's gonna be on and mf poppin
people are afraid to say what they think now, incase the pc police intimidate them. press? what press.
hear!hear!
isn't he a republican?
colin powell is a rino's rino. even associates with louis farakhan.
lol is that why u have been hiding all day???the difference is u are a coward.and mentally inept.just that
insults doe your insecurity.... ahh it's relieving to me and also very satisfying
and here is the clinton campaign's latest focus...will it work? how will donald trump handle?
he handled it with perfection!
me too, me too
well hurry with the beer dude
im glad everything went well. rest and take it easy my brother, could play some uncharted 4 right now lol:)
...i'm just in a lot of pain right now and i'm hungry
beatiful night friends
nite nite!
can a "great gay novel" be written by what i assume is a hetero author? (i hope i'm not the only one asking)
great fucking question and i do not have an easy answer
nobody even knows who i am!
what was her name again...
hittin' those high notes?
the best part
jimmy fallon wore a surgical mask for an interview with clinton
he's so not funny
literally lol at you
enjoy trying to make a profit gambling u have a better chance of a hot model having sex with u..bye
this is the full quote of what trump said tonight.
. by trump's logic, gun safety advocates would favor disarming the police, which is absurd.
oh man, you've never left this country have you?
their well informed comments can be helpful.
in early 2000s we would only cover games close enough to drive back to office to file story.
yep. i did that as a college intern in the fall of '97. couplers were the fucking worst, those and those $5 crap tandys.
better than what i did. have sat night tix. thought i had friday. realized fourteen seconds before leaving my apt.
oh noooo hahah. mama riggs got to see a win last night. get em saturday i guess?
why is it that so many of the hcis i use have actually *regressed*?
it's marketing-syndrome. managers want to push, product! product! product! they don't step back and ask "is this actually good?"
who wants to do something
let's drive are cars into the niagara river
president obama's successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. period.
you started it you crazy fool
come on here
y'all all making me smile and shit tonight
a quick look at 's tracklist... "it was written" "s.d.e." f. cam'ron "the real back" f. beanie sigel
am i excited for ?? "uh-huh...yeah" (o.g. "s.d.e." &gt;&gt;&gt;)
you could miss me with allaaaattt
diss me and crawl back
wtf? infections ruin everyone's day.
i blame the space virus.
where are the goals
oh there's one
chris hayes "wait, you called him a kenyan, marxist, pan-arabic , muslim, socialist" to this ex-trump aide trying to deny he was a birther.
interesting chat going on... sweat on upper lip
damn that sucks about ufc rewards guess i have over 21 thousand points to spend soon
does that you the sweat rag from a training partner of a fighter cut by the ufc =:)
where , who likely fucks his own cat, backhandedly admits hrc doesn't give a shit about tpp or poor americans.
stop it-i'm trying to eat and i can't stop laughing.
you seem to completely ignore or refuse to state what percentage of convicted violent crimes are drug related
and therfore in theory mitigated by ending the war on drugs, making this video not incorrect at all
donald trump has spent years peddling lies about president obama. and that didn't stop today.
it's over you cry baby... i love it.. it's over.. 'what difference, at this point, does it make?
how does "lack of american roots" mean obama was not eligible to be potus bc born elsewhere?
the definition of that meaning is related to upbringing
contrary to his earlier promise, as hillary's campaign becomes more desperate and panicked, bernie will tell his followers 2vote 4theliar.
would think it's just about lesser of 2 evils but seems bernie should be backing jill stein or johnson or stepping back in
you're not required to purchase it though and it's just a suggestion just in case you needed to use it.
it's misleading, and the fact that you reply with no solution is a testament to your company.
no he's not he ain't in his prime anymore but he's still productive
aka washed like y'all call revis
two men confess to stomping teen to death because they thought he was gay
those closeted stompers tried to hurt what they fear in themselves.
dolphins' grand offseason plans for parker, ajayi collapsed, writes .
nfl can rot in hell!
msnbc all trump and new announcement on birtherism. nothing on blockbuster on trump foreign holdingsplayed like stradivarius
to be fair, msnbc is hammering him on the nirther stuff, so is cnn
back shooting . what's your favorite part of the show? what would make it better?
i would enjoy more dollars and cents and nuts and bolts, be they operational or deal terms or both - see
i'm about to
stop myself from it everyday
what do you think bout' my lockscreen?
love it! grab that charger quick though
. : whenever i see , i just want to punch him in the face.
who's quoting me? allie lei would never say that
don't tease me, clan additions to this game would be awesome.
i've been pushing for this forever
because they only wanted to be "ask" polite, not "listen" polite
: they're reliant on me, so they really need me to be available
i put the tangle in rectangle
and the wreck, for that matter
its funny though to watch atv shows and reviews and see them throwing bales, logs, and more in the bed of a utv while wearing a helmet
because you know as sure as the day is long on the farm, y'all aren't wearing helmets doing your work aha.
when u fail to provide any evid for anything the diff becomes that u are a block head.plain and simple
your religion, bible and you provide no evidence hahaha you are a block head look at allllll the evidence against your faith
what's your poison?
smart phones
does the oscar mayer wienermobile count? they don't actually make food.
definitely not. must actually serve food. and fight to the death.
at the mets game. has anyone written an in-depth feature about cespedes' walk-up music. because i'm assigning that if not
what is it tonight ?
nope. no need. go to facebook for that.
j. but i missed lol! no cake! for ya. i got into the movie for the queen! did you? hold me a line spot!!
cranberry pear kombucha is the best i've had
thank you so much!!!
fans: omg lady stoneheart is the greatest! when will she appear on the show?!?! d&amp;d: *makes a monologue of crushing beetles*
when there were talks about major characters coming back. i imagined lsh instead of gendry...
yessss! strangers can be so encouraging
he told me he had no kids, but if he had a daughter he'd want her to be me. i died
harvest moon rises tonight over nyc ()
j'aime beaucoup
[my best fans] via
i am killing it
don't ever call me broke or ashy on here again
you on a drug selling retreat?
apparently it's very similar to this:
wait a minute this isn't a pancake
damn thats quick thanks based xseed
now that i own a ps4 and i have the game preordered i'm getting so stressed out waiting for it i hate waiting
and travis will still have 14 rbi after popping up there. and so it goes.
guy is awful, he can't play anymore
well they are wrong watch mika and joe scarborough as they say it was hillary's people
no, actually they didn't. they said that's what trump claims before debunking it by showing actual clips of dt in 2008
interesting to watch this as a true outsider ........ good to see you engaging
good to see him lying for allah and uniting me with more people against islam.
no. it goes as such: short story (up to 7.5k words) novelette (7.5k - 17.5k) novella (17.5k - 40k) novel (40k - up)
forgot the most important genre: tweet (1-140 characters)
why is it that so many of the hcis i use have actually *regressed*?
there's also the tendency to think (and this is *really* annoying) "we know better". unless they're steve jobs, no they don't
its due...thank me later
have a happy friday in your pretend reality. like i said i use reason and you just believe in a book. no justification 4 that
damn thats quick thanks based xseed
on a sidenote, nov.11 is kerry's birthday
nope. no need. go to facebook for that.
follow me back.are u doing the sva movie on sar?
read your ancient history. that region was, and still is, tribal. there has never been "peace" there.
since biblical times. religions have a lot in common, but they tend to argue over the differences of who's right. aliens to me!
when your friend and ex want to be all buddy word? lmao
lol that girl aint your friend than
great week of shows on we appreciate everyone who watches regularly. it's gonna be a fun fall &amp; winter
don't cry jay the season will be over soon!!!
"your decision will determine who sits in the oval office after barack obama." -
your dam right it will florida for trump. on the birther movement&gt; 'what difference, at this point, does it make?
i cannot take myself seriously in my disney uniform
lol upload it!
three runaway trips to see bon jovi perform in its entirety! london, toronto, nyc!
nobody wants to give money to bon jovi to support hillary.
any artists that are also blizzard fans out there? i've got a warcraft sleeve tattoo idea started and want to commission you!
tattoos should be drawn by the tattooer
then where are the other hof inductees from that jets team??
don maynard
ask someone of asian descent who speaks with a california accent how often they get asked "where are you from?"
regularly i'm sure. any regional or cultural indicator tends to engender small talk.
interesting to be accused of not being logical, re-state "games are not worth outrage," then watch logic mysteriously disappear in replies.
well, it is the internet. always expect a thousand monkeys at their keyboards flinging poo at keys.
you are wrong but believe what they feed you. be a fool
yes by all means, i'm being duped by every single news outlet in the country..ok genius
fyi bernie doesn't need your forgiveness, you sniveling, slimy piece of shit waste of oxygen. you owe him &amp; his supporters an apology
it's not an apology. it's a skeevy attack ("bernie's a no-show") disguised as a correction no one will see.
just wrapped up a great interview with wsof lightweight champ . check that out next week
the hardest working journalist in mma that doesn't know the meaning of the phrase "but mom, i already did my homework!"
happy birthday, ! here we are back in the aughts looking sassy. xxxxxl
all the best for a great day -- and a wonderful new year to come, alexis! :) be well. regards thanks, lauren!
i got sad when he sent the video about him having no friends tbh
i got sad when i told him to kill himself
demoff said the team just got an excavation and grading permit for the new inglewood stadium and will start building in 2017.
they cannot start building until they can get water quality and building permits and they can't get those until approves
then where are the other hof inductees from that jets team??
a few others
we flew q to las vegas without him having any idea what was going to happen to him.
when? what ??
i really might eat 6 more pieces and then go to georgetown tomorrow for the vegan carrot cupcake
oof. need that.
zakiyah in dr: why couldn't i just get a brendon &amp; rachel experience?
should have just done ayto if her intention was a summer fling.
why does barack obama's ring have an arabic inscription? who is this guy?
that is a false image! this is the actual ring up close
proud to announce that i have committed to play division 1 lacrosse at canisius. go griffs!
welcome to the griff family!! congratulations!
we both had great fun!
is there another real girl in the picture along with you
you are wrong but believe what they feed you. be a fool
lol i simply have no time for uneducated white trash like you.
there's a buy now link in descriptions, will take you to a page with a price quote:
thank you! few hundred more than i wanted to spend,but well-built-doesn't seem unreasonable. thank you.
yes, ugly knee dislocation with multi-ligament tear. non contact injury similar to what did.
any tips on how to overcome a frozen shoulder?
harry reid: one of 'the most unbelievably immoral people i've ever heard '
does anyone even care ? what harry reid thinks?
jefff hellllp marshall cooks moncrief w.fuller t.sharpe t.williams 2 wr and 1 flex- marshall played already week2- ppr survivor tk
it's hard to see a better game for both cooks and shepard.
: extends lead to +6.4% in new daybreak poll!
-day break poll? no wonder! no one in los angeles, with any sense, is even out of bed at daybreak!
have you ever been to a doctor?
yes. they aren't this bad and kaiser fixed this! they take me at my appointment time!
that's not a call to violence. that's nothing more than pointing out her raging hypocrisy.
neither hrc nor any gun control advocate wants to disarm the secret service or local police forces.
cleared: update: kingston - rhinecliff bridge: accidents are clear. residual delays remain in both directions.
we sat for quite a while and hope everyone in the accidents are ok.
never bet it actually
oh shit 1-1 now
and travis will still have 14 rbi after popping up there. and so it goes.
2-0 count and he puts a horrendous swing on the ball
sgg just doesn't have the same effect without confetti, i don't wanna see atl outside anymore
a respectable tweet
wrong again bit by all means keep trying
saying wrong doesn't mean i am. in fact, i am right and have every news outlet to back me
i got sad when i told him to kill himself
jk never did that
is it worth upgrading from the iphone6s plus to the iphone7 plus? i'm in some free iphone upgrade program, but reviews seem "meh"
if you're into photography, the dual camera will be worth it, esp with the free upgrade. comes w dongle for your headphones
would love to be in la right now
how come your not in l.a
there's a buy now link in descriptions, will take you to a page with a price quote:
if we get it, i will be glad to review it
some of us work for ms and use github with personal addresses. also, great post.
a lot is missing from that chart (gnu, apache, eclipse, ...)
then that must make you a hippie or a welfare recipient. actor maybe?
how about changing that avi to your face, jeff. show us that pretty mug that you're so ashamed of
someone who's going to argue that your race is lesser than their own isn't intelligent enough to be having that debate in the first place
and secondly its not even a debate.... were all fucking humans go somewhere with that race bs honestly
watch: barack obama admits he was born in kenya..
trump has now flip-flopped on literally everything, even his conspiracy theory that president obama wasn't born in the u.s. sad!
im deceased dumbass
these niggas ain't loyal
wrong again bit by all means keep trying
you have only your white trash, uneducated, racist conspiracy theory bullshit
are you serious?!?! it'd be an absolute honor!!
yes! watch for a tweet from me after the show for location!
8this isn't the most issue based campaign i've been part of.not by a long shot.but i urge folks to look at h's policies; see if they'll help
hard to be issue based when the other side is throwing bombs i have her book though
first time using my fully enabled capture setup. two years and a depressing amount of money later... it's so good.
do you have a list of everything in it?
it would be nice &amp; quiet!
you hope. lol! cemeteries don't creep me out as long as they are well maintained. it's the closed/abandoned ones that do.
luke 19:27 "but those mine enemies, which would not that i should reign over them, bring hither, and slay them"
that is a parable about a king you parroting moron.
la tasting menus still amazing deals compared to sf, excepts maybe urasawa. gwen would probably be at least 200pp up there.
sf is overall more than nyc at this point, which is weird to say. urasawa is still less (slightly) than saison.
you really should know by now the msm is in her pocket
yeah ok all msm is 1 giant conspiracy for hrc. gotcha
chilling on so many levels.
it's pretty bananas to be a canadian here right now, juxtaposition-wise
democrats in western pa break with party big time to support donald trump !
they know clinton's a fraud.
anywhere that documents that in more detail? what about server-side only to generators (no regenerator involved)?
even then, debugging transpile gymnastics in a container, promises can/do swallow errors, call stack is huge/slow
lmao that's bullshit
cos i can sooooo that's a lie
failed again.even this cowardly cow agree to having beliefs then failed to provide evid...glass house anyone?
my evidence is faith ;) with reason. you use faith with fake reality lol you are scared and it's sad sorry kid
a good teacher is the key, he wants to be a pilot/policeman/ paleontologist and play tennis like rafa, dream big baby, dream big
wow, big dreams indeed. that's so amazing, how old is he?
i could email the info. it's a short bio and 5 questions about games and family. we can do it all via email.
sure - i can be reached at jdavis at
did you know this series is garbage
it's the peoria of series.
what trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. apologize to the president, and to the american people.
you didn't for accessory to murder? 'what difference, at this point, does it make? birther is over
and yet, discounting them is a fatal strategic error. again: history.
the way i see it. americanized christians won't mix with non-americanized muslims. sihk/hindu here long before; muslim enemies.
it's a flashback. now be quiet we're trying to watch
[giggles very quietly]
according to the jews they are. basically you are calling jesus a hypocrite.
wrong. jesus did not kill or say to. keep trying.
democrats in western pa break with party big time to support donald trump !
they know clinton's a fraud
here is an example of a product team making the wrong decision.
weird: i don't work for this company, never did, but i'm vicariously outraged on behalf of the colleagues who'd recommended the right choice
poll: dems want sanders to replace clinton
trump is a pos, worry about that.
just a typical birthday selfie
happy birthday!
"i just think that it's time to move to the safety position." - on darrelle revis.
more things colin is wrong about, brought to you by fox
come on over i do not plan on sleeping alone.
you never need to sleep alone
can we get those big busses running 24/7 on the 5? or can we get the 5r running 7 days a week with those busses? they work.
they definitely allocated around 8-12 of them, but i'm assuming the cost of putting only articulated is prohibitive...
i was positive before this game, but the season is crumbling. last night broke the yankees.
yeah man, pretty clear last night. it was over.
one night two cups three dranks no fucks
only 3 cups? soft
oh noooo hahah. mama riggs got to see a win last night. get em saturday i guess?
have tix. guess i just'em on fire.
tna has smaller but devoted audience. whereas wwe's driving away the casuals with bad products.
true. but tna has yet to attract any casuals.
then where are the other hof inductees from that jets team??
weeb ewbank was a great coach
even then, debugging transpile gymnastics in a container, promises can/do swallow errors, call stack is huge/slow
to me the whole primitive is flawed..maybe in the future but def not solid rn
"max b! max b! max b!" the crowd chants in unison as "porno muzik" blares over vatican sound system
max b coming out early to distract you from the yankees getting washed out of contention.
demoff said the team just got an excavation and grading permit for the new inglewood stadium and will start building in 2017.
will not approve, if at all until nextgen gps system is up and fully implemented. could be a year and a half.
just a reminder we cannot let a racist become president of the united states. we're not perfect but we're better than that. it's not a joke.
so it's ok for a major league lier to be president?
go check out milkshake!! it's up now!! subscribe to kaelynn harris on youtube!
love the video
and by god the old testament is full of all sorts of mischief.
muslims believe there is only one god. so why are you bashing what you believe to be allah?
we miss so much, we created an entire gameboard in his honor. wear purple today and nail these clues on j!
i missed it!
have tix. guess i just'em on fire.
i'll be at that game as well. go bears!
ok then. sbs are still irrelevant to hof
defensive poy isn't
let's get through halloween and thanksgiving first. :)
check out the aria resort labor day weekend ... decor is already up.
to be followed by a lobotomy.
listen mrs. dr. mengala - a real frog could give a lobotomy better than you - heil hitler
feel the need to go out tonight but there aint much to do
newark dayzzzz
regularly i'm sure. any regional or cultural indicator tends to engender small talk.
i've gotten these kinds of questions myself, when in other parts of the us or in other countries. it's a universal characteristic.
yes. does not disclose why. trys to make it seem like he did it b/c he hates first responders. bs
hmm, seems you might be reading more into this post than is there? first responders surf b/c of pol spite
mayor kahn says: when muslims live in their own ghettos then they don't become exposed to the american decadent life
you are right! immigrants should not assimulate. an easy policy to isolate the people who should be deported!
i'll be at that game as well. go bears!
special. call me rod
driving while tweeting ama
is your seat belt on?
it's been 5 years, and trump's still pushing the notion that isn't american.
'what difference, at this point, does it make? birther issue is over..
watch: trump calls for clinton's "bodyguards" to drop their weapons and "let's see what happens to her."
wow he's just killing his campaign with these ridiculous comments. this was made today?!
it was for his wild west punishment in the desert.
thanks, i just figured that out. thought i missed something !!
pretty gorgeous here. can't wait for the festivities to begin!
is that the wailea elua? i stayed there -- it's awesome! have fun!
sucks being a distant memory to some people now.
make memories with people who actually care
bills' rex ryan: firing greg roman 'the move i felt we needed to make now.'
rex, you're a moron.
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
thanks jessica for rting my story. love it. hope it helps others.
i cannot give you a beyonc ticket too but i can give you a lumpy photo.
so majestic and statuesque
i'm not sure, i feel everyone should have an equal opportunity in seeing my face
yeah same here that's why i but everything and everyone in my story! that's equality
detroit: black radio host pulled from air over being trump supporter
they don't want blacks to think for themselves. the dems want them on the plantation
because facebook can't handle the traffic lol facebook is getting into censorship now.
at least twitter is more open
pizza zoo sold out in less than 48 hours. simply amazing, shoutout to ya.
shout out to you mayne
secondary and lbs far and away denver
but jets better at every position on offense soooo that's why they're better
thanks for the rt, btw!
it's easy to do when you totally agree. the scared the hell out of me
you suck we not going to fl???
yesssssssssssssss ssss i think lol
silver lining: with the audio jack dead, iphone users never again have to worry about plugging in headphones at the top of their device. ew.
wondering how my lightning headphones connect to my macbook pro. oh, right... have to carry an adapter around.
lol david woods come on do better that , my upcoming book destroys his points
it is a parable and who are you again? so lowlife liar for allah with no following.
watch: trump calls for clinton's "bodyguards" to drop their weapons and "let's see what happens to her."
btw trump has the same armed guards hrc has. let's see how he fairs without his armed guards..punkass
in order of favorite throwbacks: lunchables, fruit roll up, posh spice
oh: i can't remember if i had a crush on posh spice or if i wanted to be her.
i'm loving this new trend answered. thanks for keeping a girl informed.
it's the best!!
there's been 3 twenty yard or less punts lol. this is hard to watch.
pretty sure rice has more negative yard plays than positive ones on offense too
i'm thinking about driving over tomorrow morning early and check it out!
take nose clips with you-word has it whale carcases really stink
he's not even white, what a moron. they dont like his kind.
"his kind"? what a fucking racist bitch you are.
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
thanks for the rt of my story. greatly appreciate that you did so. have an awesome weekend.
fuckin' a, ya vitriol spewin' bastid! slainte, !
lol...i swear i just read that in mort goldman's voice from family guy lol
or do you believe in them separately duplicating vulnerability research for their own differing missions?
a single org has trouble pursuing contradictory missions.
despite lack of evidence, blames for origins of claims against
you are so full of shit
but you're lying for jesus - at least he pledges peace ... do you?
i am not religious, but jesus was for self defense.
hey america, get ready for some chaos on tonight! please don't forget to read my thoughts on ep.10
i'll be watching happy friday
see john fail: kasich wants to burn down the gop | lifezette
j kasich is a true democrat in disguise! how pathetic can he be!!!
it's called a fake id. this isn't a drill!
i lack the money and resources for that. and i still look 15. lol.
exactly why i use to keep to myself so much
stop it, you love spending time with me
classy insult. any thoughts on ?
and how is this her fault. get a brain
jesus was still the god of the old testament if you believe him to be god. your calling your god a hypocrite.
i am not religious. keep trying slave boy.
hit me later for the addy
hitting downtown campbell tonight
i mean u picked the version with the big eyes and the big mouth...although the big mouth part is accurate
talking bout accurate, did you pick one with the little ?
if the election were today, trump would win roughly as many electoral votes as clinton | ap
trump will win
it's an order of magnitude of difference given trump's willingness to consider nuclear weapons.
so has hillary. besides her warmongering in iraq, syria, libya &amp; honduras, she said shed obliterate iran:
but you're lying for jesus - at least he pledges peace ... do you?
point out where i am lying.
it was very hard to leave our hotel room this morning.
you stole that image from vouge right?
gdff i didn't post this -everyone this is abel -say hi to abel kids
how much for a ref
reading the first game of thrones is like reading the tv show script except the sex scenes are worse.
to be fair, sex scenes seem to be really hard to write for most authors.
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
doug thanks for sharing my story. i hope it helps others. enjoy your weekend.
- and like clockwork, he comes up with another outrage to get everyone to stop taking about the last one (birtherism)
he can't stop sabotaging himself lol he'd be up 20 points if he just shut his mouth.
rb denver. ol denver and wrs aren't that far apart and qb is a wash
you're dumb forte &gt; anderson
season 2 finale for tonight! can't wait to hear your thoughts!
i want more episodes. this season went way to fast
jfc rice, back shoulder punt returns at the 1
hey, did you release any picks besides the one from last night?
try hard for balance! lol
can james asher provide the "few articles" saying obama was born in kenya from 2008?
i would be ashamed wearing a " made in china" trump hat , too bad these young guys don't remember the bush years
we do, we hate bush as much as hillary, they are one and the same
tampon dispensers in men's bathrooms at school via
that's for all the butthurt they're gonna feel when wins in november
lol wtf did he do
poured half a water bottle on me lol
new: says clinton's guards should drop guns and "see what happens to her"
very unamerican, very unpresidential. only authoritarian russia assassinate opponents
if trump wins, it'll be because dnc cheated bernie and certain "progressive" writers did everything possible to stop bernie and defend hrc
fair statement. clearly many don't agree w/ ' policies, but the man is clean &amp; the movement was organic.
another day at the office.
because my bus drops me off at il3, i missed seeing the crowds.
come throughhh mama
thanks boo!
it's time for tv news to stop playing the stooge for donald trump. my column
iam sick and tired of hearing this moron 's name every time i turned tv on! if they hate this fascist why g
did ever show up to this so we didn't have to?
hubbard had beats.
lol i had u hiding for 26 full hours.did u really think i would let u go that easy?i had to mock u lolz
i just have a life outside twitter
thanks! ...you librarians and your big words
no way! i just learned about it last week and do not understand it.
these brits are smooth talkers. very charming. having a long distance relationship is very fairy tale like.
i'm always hoping she finds a nice one, but 9 hours away is far. lol
lol david woods come on do better that , my upcoming book destroys his points
you were invisible as a non-muslim and now think you are someone because you are an "imam". but you are still no one. lol
i can't remember but i will check! by the way i find out on the 23rd about the other contest! how did your son do?
2nd place.the other one used multiple fb's to win.so i think he got $150 worth of their goods.
you don't want it either
bj washed bro
definitely.
:))) what will you be doing this weekend?
lmfao no it's the rewind noise from snapchat .
oh, thank god!!!! i was about to be appalled!!
me too at first i was like where the hell was this an than i remembered we went to sanfran
yassss we should make a trip soon in the new truck over 30 miles to the gallon
it's exactly what infuriates me about the "lesser of two evils" argument
the problem is, too many sheep. without a large base backing a third party, can't move the needle.
dyana needs to accept that she's never leaving
exactly! cause she's indecisive
...... i just listened to the entire thing. you're the one that needs a fact check to decide for yourself.
you're seriously sick. using debunked conspiracy theories to defend child rape claims. sad!
i get this question a lot! i'll put together a "gaming rigs" piece for , if it's not too self-indulgent.
i live for stuff like that so please do.
physicists are learning to explain the inner workings of dnns
this is a huge deal. explaining why it works can also pinpoint silent flaws working in the background
all the major big studios combined haven't delivered as many great movies. independent studios simply deliver more fascinating stuff. fact!
i agree - but the independents allow themselves to be absorbed by the big asap - all about $$ not art
lol how many people at bwi know about it??
a whole bunch. i had to explain why i was buying 10 copies of si.
me and will be attending!
will be there :)
this is why we are fighting so hard. is dangerous for america
nothing there if you watch the whole thing.
these people are horrible human beings who will make our lives a living hell!
we can't allow them the platform to continue spewing hate!!
caught this boy stealing at my job, fseeeeeee
you snitched ?
how many big east titles ? how many ncaa tournaments ? coach of the year that yr to wasn't he ?
its not about getting there... it's about what u do there.... you lost to fgcu as a 2 seed... lol
maintained ones are pretty esp if you focus on the joy of a life lived
have you been to punch bowl national cemetery in honolulu? beautiful.
"let's reject the cynicism, the bullying, and the divisive rhetoric that my opponent is using to try and make us all afraid of each other."
wait, but aren't u basing your campaign entirety against trump with lies and fraud? we research remember?
you're always eating oysters lol
oh you know
nicole watching corey.
nicole watching corey and paulie..
noooo you need to have keith's burger!
deff next on the list here
the hardest working journalist in mma that doesn't know the meaning of the phrase "but mom, i already did my homework!"
starting a fund me link for nick with the caveat that he takes the ducats &amp; forgets mma for 1-wk. maybe curling camp (canadian)
you have my empathy.
i just sucks going from being in a good place, then 2 minutes later you feel like garbage.
step mom gets fucked by step son while stuck in garbage disposal is one of those films that really makes you think.
that is hilarious on so many levels.
sydney blumenthal is as perfect a clinton toady as nature has ever devised.
i guess getting around admin restrictions to hire blumenthal as a foundation "consultant" doesn't matter.
this is his third time calling for hillary clinton to be assassinated,
thank you for your service to our country.
when you feel dowm , bring your self back up ! you can do it , love u sister smiley_cindy ,...
love those yoga pants!
thanks for the share
thanks for coming to and for the great write up!
you must not care that much about any gay or women friends you have, then. that's kind of sad. they'll probably get hurt.
you must not care about the people hillary helped kill like the iraqis, syrians, hondurans, libyans &amp; yemeni &amp; millions to come.
i can't turn on my washer dryer this is like not intuitive at all
how do people even live in homes i hate it
romney's dad was born in mexico, obama's in kenya, but who did trump goad for papers?
michelle obama today made the most powerful case yet against trump, and she did it with trademark elegance.
the new ios 10 tho...
i actually love it
where did trump scrounge up idiot blk ppl standing behind him when he announced pbo was born in usa? why let themselves be used like that?!
america, blk ppl the most loyal citizens n this nation is tired of racism. look @ how potus has been disrespected &amp; demeaned!
fair enough, but still the old testament, yikes!
stories of those times.
you're in love with me
other way around
fair enough, but still the old testament, yikes!
islam is still "yikes"!
scheduled to be on this evening with at about 9:45 pm et. tune in if you can...
take no prisoners. a proud day for and their stand against evil. we need others to shine a light.
particularly in a system rigged to exclude third parties to begin with
exactly. democracy my ass.
how many big east titles ? how many ncaa tournaments ? coach of the year that yr to wasn't he ?
who cares about big east coach of year when they can't even beat fgcu
or are u from sf? i can't tell where the accent is from
shoot ur right!! wait r u from ecuador?? is there like wifi there or no?
junior trump either doesn't know what a blind trust is, or has taken lessons from senior in lying
we believe both since the fruit doesn't fall far from the tree!
how is life without a headphone jack tina?
well, after i learned i was putting my plug in the dongle wrong so far so good
i'm finding apple maps terrible for compass directions, which seems so simple
ha finding that with google maps here. i don't even \_()_/
new york is always a head of the game have you found rainbow bagels in dc yet?
it's funny because i've actually been craaaving one this weekend lol. we'll see if it becomes a thing there
you must not care that much about any gay or women friends you have, then. that's kind of sad. they'll probably get hurt.
that's very sad &amp; privileged. but they're just poc in foreign countries to you, so you don't care if hillary kills millions more
this fuckwit really doesn't like anybody criticizing his precious tomi lahren. sad!
which post is this? back
to give this the attention it deserves, please send us a note at and we'll follow up from there.
i've tried. tried via dm too. wasn't addressed.
=intellectually tough &amp; practical not squishy.my mind-power manifesto
i try the whole positive thinking, but the more i try the worse things get?
apparently they booked other guests.
that's an easy question, weak would have to work harder
true or false, is the real life daria.
i love how she kindly let scottie know she was wrong
we also beat florida in the battle of atlantis i know you remember that beautiful shot !
oh.... so regular seasons mean more than march your telling me??!
remember when i was in l.a. and luxuriated in the sun like a preening siamese cat
now i'm hunched over my desk, my chubby midsection pressed uncomfortably against its edge, new grub street style...
can you imagine accepting a man who wants to make the us of a a great country again? not a failed politician who rips us off?
"rips us off":
a mama and holistic healer
oh and an artist/ceramicist)
how is life without a headphone jack tina?
but think i'll need overnight (wifi, plugged in, phone locked) for photos to fix. still downloading/transferring
the time has come for a broadway musical based on the fugitive
you have the wrong tommy lee jones movie. we need a "under siege" musical. tommy, busey, segal, eleniak? stop.
don't let this picture fool u, i really don't like them
you love us
see, if reporters covered trump objectively, he would come off as terrible &amp; he'd accuse them of bias. so they can't.
part of problem is theres 2 much crap coming from himthe whole anderson is not good enough not covered
now i'm hunched over my desk, my chubby midsection pressed uncomfortably against its edge, new grub street style...
i get at least i'm not consumptive so there's that...
we also beat florida in the battle of atlantis i know you remember that beautiful shot !
i see you have a lack of knowledge
: will use anything you touch:
are you implying that i touched pot?!
george delhoyo needs to stay. maybe orpheus has a twin named whoreus
- they are casting a character with a sex addiction.
the main lesson here is that indie and aaa are different industries, and moving between them will hurt.
i think the more dev movement between aaa and indie, the better both types of games become. indie and aaa marketing tho..
rice heard us...
i'll just keep whining on twitter
what took you so long
a crippling codependency with nostalgia
ok full disclosure, i didn't watch roadies, but it didn't look like anything i had to drop what i was doing for
yeah, seemed like that. checked out the get down? best music show this year imo
i'd rather date a guy who doesn't follow sports at all than date a guy who's a fan of the wrong team
you are the real mvp!
wait is it beer before liquor or liquor before beer???
also who ever voted beer before liquor ur fake as hell i know u just want me to be sick as hell
how ima dance for u on ur bday
omg can't wait
quote this with a picture of the anime you are currently watching
up to part 3 of this
he so fine
u @@ the wrong nigga
which post is this? back
never mind we follow each other. what inspired such ire?
just ordered this so fingers crossed it won't be dumb irl
sweet? is that print all over me?
we also beat florida in the battle of atlantis i know you remember that beautiful shot !
go route for a real team buster
shamelessly stealing this from facebook because l-o-bloody-l:
that was a great game! fitzpatrick = awwwweeeessoooommmmmeeeeee!
la tasting menus still amazing deals compared to sf, excepts maybe urasawa. gwen would probably be at least 200pp up there.
maude is one of my favs in la, but i was disappointed by my 1 dinner at gwen. given meat-centric concept, weird to leave hungry.
my uber driver just left me in his car while he stopped off at a gas station to pee
now he's eating chicken wings
people are justifiably infuriated with how jimmy fallon handled trump via
wonder if is on board with helping make a racist likeable. i doubt it.
ok full disclosure, i didn't watch roadies, but it didn't look like anything i had to drop what i was doing for
though i need to finish atlanta
it's about time you took a stance
don't hold your breath, it's front
roderick if we want to be formal
what a ledge he is
just ordered this so fingers crossed it won't be dumb irl
sweet! is that print all over me?
lmaooooo is this after my disdyque post or before
i did not even see that post yet looool
how is life without a headphone jack tina?
like i can't upload a pic or take a pic via twitter &amp; send u guys an example right now
hello developers - i want an app into which i can enter a preferred beer or wine &amp; the app suggests places to go based on gps. exists?
actually i'll be interesting in backing such an app...
if anyone's is still into usher....
still into him lmao do you know when
no blacks are the only non immigrants in america. also african were the first americans.
yup. immigrants come to a country willfully. we were dragged to the americas
new goal: play both ways
just shut ur bitch ass up already
y'all ain't it funny how a dude will put in very little to keep you, but want to do the most to get you back. it's so comical to me.
idk who you think you are in your avi
came out wrong...meant if ur thinking 3rd party.. don't.
oh ok, i was all confused when i saw . plus, you left the jill fan, off the tweet. lol,
this shit needs to stop! his campaign needs to be shut down by the gop immediately.
i think he may soon be stopped
thanks all! check it out here if you haven't:
"unlike that other guy during my stream please send me money"
look up his stats from last year and then come talk
lmfaoooooo a stat junkie. how'd i know. if you had eyes you could see he been getting worked against elite receivers
"let's reject the cynicism, the bullying, and the divisive rhetoric that my opponent is using to try and make us all afraid of each other."
but u can't atract trump or bernie"s voters pls if u really care 4 america more than urself
bill murray and and 's head.
it's chilly outside and i'm celebrating my bday. so close to the door but will i ever get in?
wait how long did you live in la it seems wild out there
oh i never lived there... i just try to visit every once in a while and preen like a siamese cat
to enter our tie giveaway, retweet this post by 10pm est on 9/18. prizes:
awesome. i have a shirt just waiting for those cufflinks
you know what i am more tired of hearing people complain about pumpkin spice being everywhere than actually seeing pumpkin spice everywhere
i don't like pumpkin spice but like. its the seasonal thing. its a limited flavor for just the fall of course its being pushed
rolling up solo to the show because she's a beautiful space goddess who gives me life
i really wish i got tix to see her and tegan and sara here but it was so far in advance
lol my parents are cute af
they look so alike lol
love this love u mamas
but i love you so much
my boy's blood tests came back normal. he's feeling better. and the beer fairy came by. slainte!
what a relief. enjoy
fortunately w/ node v6.6 we have unhandled rejection warnings now, too.
yea so those same aesthetics are easy achieved w the async lib, errors and stack traces retained, while maximally performant
no, he just knows it doesn't actually matter what he says, and so is willing to say whatever he wants.
it's impressive really
nicole: my boyfriend is totally stright.
as a boomerang!
he deviates from script and immediately turns into a moron with violent tendencies. i don't think potus works from notes
if i recall there is no "how to be president for dummies."
manu petit's 98wc memories. this is quite wonderful. for french speakers only, i'm afraid.
really fantastic anedocte. great format
3 will win 1follow 2retweet w/ by 9/18 9:00pmpt
great skin starts with h2o
correct. it has nothing whatsoever to do with his constitutional eligibility.
absolutely fucking right - not a god damned thing @ all
and i just learned that i'm blocked by that user. don't even recognize the handle. huh.
shit so am i. wow. first time being blocked. all for a joke, which i suppose is appropriate?
heres a taste of your common ecg machine input screen.
the worse part it typing. you have to scroll down to return and you can't scroll back up.
yea so those same aesthetics are easy achieved w the async lib, errors and stack traces retained, while maximally performant
easy choice if you look at that way (imo)
my invention voice
emanuels ruinedeverything
"good deals" in bay area are probably aster, bar tartine, lord stanley, nightbird, commis, californios.
commis was a rather good value for a while. 2 michelin for $125. now it's $139 but compared to rest of bay, nice!
season 2 episode 3 of mad men is the most boring episode of television of all time omfg
i'm trying to rewatch the whole series and i'm bored as hell???!?!
it's a shocking state of affairs, but it's how all tip toe about subjects now smh
it's got to end. trump is showing us what it is to stand up to these bullies. it gives everyone hope.
the trump campaign is using this exchange to argue clinton promoted birtherism. these people even stink at lying
as it happens, you're not especially adept at lying either.
i love mine. it's so agile. feels like you're actually doing professional work.
i bought one for travel and cons thinking it would be 'good enough' - i love it.
they are not as contradictory as many commentators claim. fusion of sigint offense/defense really is better.
if you're only trying to defend yourself.
getting the rare opportunity to patrol one of the big lakes tonight.
cranberry? stillwater?
read joseph campbell, and jonathan keegan.
mythologist and british historian ok. now have to get back to cleaning the house feed and walk the dogs, get mail etc good talk
back shooting . what's your favorite part of the show? what would make it better?
more guests crying.
we like to have fun here tune in &gt;
i love it!!
the nachos are delicious too. both are what i'll be eating tomorrow - and eat all the time at the stadium
haha so many good options here
i get at least i'm not consumptive so there's that...
my color's looking not so good... a yellowish tint... where's my laudanum...
i'm ready for my second helping of tonight.
catching it tomorrow night. super stoked.
so thank you , for making me happy even if i'm just some shlub with a free trial. you're beautiful.
you are awesome and we are so glad we could make you happy
follow she's dope as fuck and she's mad inspirational or whatevaa
my sister is so annoying
and yet another hint???? i'll never tell!!! and me and some friends got something cooking.
ladies of the big brother
i despise trump. clinton has stated she wants plcaa repealed so gun industry can be bankrupted.
only 2 suits brought since plcsa passed in 2005. revision needed.
that's the most insidious form of elitism. how many americans hurt feelings are worth 1,000 dead muslims?
with iraq, libya, syria and yemen, hillary has helped put millions in their graves. american hillryites dont care
i literally just want a man who packs me a snack ziploc bag of mixed almonds and granola
i think as i eat an uneaten ziploc bag of mixed almonds and granola off a friends bed
it's a shocking state of affairs, but it's how all tip toe about subjects now smh
he's stood up to two intentional ambushes/lies in two days-on a huge stage.i owe this man.im definitely inspired
not sure what i'll be streaming tonight but i will be streaming nonetheless! pretty sure its a drink stream as well sooooooooo cheers! xoxo
drink streaming? this sounds fun! i'll be checking this out lol
fair enough, but still the old testament, yikes!
so what do you care? you are all for it.
that's just disturbing lol
i can't seem the burn the nightmarish image out.....
i'm ready for monarchy too.
i agree... we may as well stop pretending
i believe a mistake is in assuming that iad's mission is to protect all usg, critical, and civilian infrastructure.
exactly. that's my mission. the fused mission has a much smaller defensive scope.
totally the truth!! hey they apparently like it that way! like trump said "what the hell do u have
say 2 white women who are afraid of black people, or i mean "aa"s. lol,..... trump fans are like a white isis.
trump has a very twisted sense of humor. you would be amazed at the things i have heard him joke about.
no humor in this, no joke. cunning &amp; manipulative. he plays a dangerous game w/hrc life
it's close especially at wr both teams have trash te's and average ol's....forte &gt; cj
enuwa is a te/wr
what do u think of my bench fuller - sharpe- moncrief - shepard ...studs or duds?
all pretty good. i like them all to varying degrees.
happy to accept iterative hardware in consoles but companies need to bundle hardware into service payments a la phone contracts.
seeing that the best ffxv experience means i'm in for a new console at full price sucks and no amount of pr can finesse it.
is there a reason a is in the middle of all this other, non stuff?
it's a postman horn old yesteryear. i'm just not sure why we need it today
no sleep bc of tomorrow
your going to love it
i just cackled like that witch in my hotel room
i just saw your location! amazing! i need to get out more.
brett gardner won't be back next year, right?
i've wanted gardner gone for 2 years. makes zero sense to keep him. so they probably will
lol im just chillin and its funny that your talking trash over an xp match butw have gotten no where
i'm just asking a question lol
i'll skin you and wear your fuckin face
i'll drain your body of all it's fluids then leave you out to dry in the sun then eat your dehydrated carcass like beef jerky
i do think in this case he was just making a point about what he sees as a contradiction on liberals and guns.
contradiction? has clinton ever said police/ss shouldn't have guns?
world cup of hockey kick off party in toronto. great pump up!!
and i get to call the tourney for latin america (en espaol) of course. enjoy the games!!
people that can non-emergency poop at restaurants and bars are closers
i'm comfortable with my narcissism are you judging
whydannon? can't beat clinton, voters r numb, have to break her. she's a liar,violated security, she cost lives,trump must pound her hard!
she has not cost lives and the real liar here is trump. i beg you to use the brain god gave you and take a look at reality.
not true at all, but while we try to right those ships, adding other almost certain pain from trump makes no sense.
using your logic in your rude dickish statement about me, it absolutely is true, since youre voting to support those deaths.
sadly i did not. the site crashed as i was typing my info, lost the tickets and my shot at meeting him.
i am very sorry to hear that.
i am really proud of . he never intended to make headlines, he intended to be an amazing human, and that alone deserves recognition
extremely proud man.
the bosnians had three options: to join the croatian ustae, or the yugoslav partisans, or to create local
bosnians should have joined tito's forces in yugoslavia.
i think as i eat an uneaten ziploc bag of mixed almonds and granola off a friends bed
everybody is always like "oh you set high expectations"
what a week on ! catch up at
this is everything
this is parenting done well.
hell nah. how the hell you let a boy wear girl shoes to school.
what do those diff classifications mean?
s is student deferments, 1y call only in nat'l emergency,4f never.
i despise trump. clinton has stated she wants plcaa repealed so gun industry can be bankrupted.
it would never be repealed entirely, but greater accountability for dealers needed.
some people. others put a premium on their discretionary time, including time required to detox from going to stores.
quite agree. there's a big 'anti-shopping' movement.
careful pointing the finger as you have 3 pointed back to you. there is such thing as "free trade"
(r) is a differnt story but putting (c) &amp; (tm) next to (r) is an amateur statement in and of itself. you must have done it.
jessica alba laughs last after $1 billion offer for her "honest" company
this is the photo you use? really? is this the poster you had on your wall as a little boy?
back shooting . what's your favorite part of the show? what would make it better?
not sure if it makes better, but would be interesting to follow-up with brands that sharks don't invest in (good/bad)
damn what your parents do
my aunt is congress.
with my car dashboard widget
love how you made the weather icon a moon because it's dark mode lol
i think we had far more damage from irene than gloria. wind and wave wise on north shore of the sound
how did sandy stack up for you guys?
4 people that should've been aborted.
there were only 3 names...were you including yourself?!?!
he will win...
hes hugging a hispanic kid...
thread of stupid videos that make me laugh uncontrollably
i honestly don't even know why this is funny but it is
30! i thought you were 25
xd assuming from what?
happy to accept iterative hardware in consoles but companies need to bundle hardware into service payments a la phone contracts.
thought i'd be a day one guy, but not gonna buy if i know there's a better way to play it and i'm not dropping for a new ps4 2 years in.
everybody is always like "oh you set high expectations"
and it's like yeah i do, but if someone just packed me a ziploc bag of mixed almonds and granola, those expectations wouldn't be there
we going to be on the same flight? ;)
highly likely
why is he flawless?
diggin the pink
full harvest moon over miller place, long island:
nice tweet. none of that supermoon bs
uber doesn't want me to leave nyc
treat yo self!
why is an arrest warrant out for me and , instead of big oil and the state of north dakota?
you are, as usual ,unfamiliar with reality. congrats on helping dt. if he he wins, it will be your 1 legacy.
i know this moment all too well in real life.
she looks at the phone at canter fitzgerald like that too.
wait i miss when we used to be lesbians
come and we'll be lesbian with eachother again
"good deals" in bay area are probably aster, bar tartine, lord stanley, nightbird, commis, californios.
commonwealth at $80 base and lord stanley at $83, yeah. californios went up to $157, but i felt experience was even better.
your pics of are like something out of the 80s
it's like the '80s - without the fun!
haha i'm at lucy's and felt obligated to ask
omg amazing. i'm in for the night but if you wanna have a glass of wine on the roof lemme know
whydannon? can't beat clinton, voters r numb, have to break her. she's a liar,violated security, she cost lives,trump must pound her hard!
im a family of 2 vets &amp; one active soldier and we are all voting for hillary. wwii, vietnam, iraq * afghanistan. please wake up
not true at all, but while we try to right those ships, adding other almost certain pain from trump makes no sense.
and since warmongr hillary &amp; her ties 2 her foundation tyrants will lead 2 millions more deaths, pain from hillary makes no sense
u dodged yesterday so no
never a dodge a shitter that dodge the tourney
"americans require parking and limit density. europeans require density and limit parking." -donald shoup
response: allow parking spaces - most of which are on way to obsolescence - to be used for dwellings
nyclass, the anti-carriage group, is protesting at gracie mansion tonight because they say bdb "has done zero to protect the horses." hmm...
mayor has failed to enforce existing laws; horses suffer as a result. he could easily enforce thru various agencies.
is that jamal smith
how the eff do you know who jamal smith is !!!!
and then send the image list back to the client, and let the client do the pull from the server farm, for the image.
that sounds like a solid solution. hit me up if you have any issues getting that to work. happy friday!
if you can't afford me... then store bought is fine
don't!!! settle!!!!
fired oc greg roman with two years left on a guaranteed contract that pays him about $2 million per season.
must be nice make millions sitting at home.
when they try to establish sharia law the war begins. stand up for america &amp; enlist at
ehat a pos this guy is
the election is officially over for
and a few days ago, that is.
try the fb page
what fb page?
big things cookin cc:
strong start... but need a bassist... ???
listed as a wr
he plays everything tho
thread of stupid videos that make me laugh uncontrollably
so creepy yet funny
i'm the one who posted the nice top comment!!!
oh hey, thanks! don't worry though, i'm never going to stop putting out bad music!
saturday starting at 2 pm, moscone west or hilton san francisco
until what time?
and yet another hint???? i'll never tell!!! and me and some friends got something cooking.
what are you up too
life goal: be as chill as this guy on the plane next to me who spilled gin everywhere and just said "well, that was a disaster"
"hmmm yes, it appears that i fucked up"
. on : 59/200 happy lose weight china boy
thanks for sharing.
meek mill is gonna end up killing someone.. ya keep using that man/and his relationship like a punching bag
i think meek is smarter than that. he got shooters like j.r. smith
this is one big reason is interesting - more comprehensive analytics
let's put it in bigquery. but does it only store code, and not activities like code reviews?
thought i'd be a day one guy, but not gonna buy if i know there's a better way to play it and i'm not dropping for a new ps4 2 years in.
but charge me 15$/mo for ps+ and newest hardware and that console will pay for itself and then some.
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
porsche thanks for the rt of my story. i hope it helps others. enjoy your weekend.
...as if trump who wants to "bomb the shit out of them" will care to save brown or muslim peoples? he'll do worse.
you don't know that, and hillary said she would obliterate iran. we don know hillary is a horrid warmonger and promises to do..
my backs about to snap off
like legit into two pieces
that's what i said but he's convinced it's a gummy bear!
i'm with him. with a blueberry you risk a complete seal/totally stuck. gummy bear is thinner and will always be grabbable.
if manning had the teams tb had he'd be 7-0 in championship games
the fuck that got to do with revis? everything aint manning and brady
yankees to honor . you cool with that? poll
i'm not. he's a cheater. 40 yrs old and putting up numbers like he is? juice.
what exactly do you mean? past the filing deadline in states
announce candidacy for 2020 now. put $10mm to building an email database. no need to declare a party yet.
when did yiu get a new truck???
well cole bought it but he said because i commute more i'll drive it. and last week
when they try to establish sharia law the war begins. stand up for america &amp; enlist at
what a pos this guy is
just left a two-star review for because they have been useless with our pending lease return. cc
oh man, i submitted feedback online asking to stop getting mail spam from them.... a salesman called to sell me a car.
i am 56, have never seen political rallies like your ever in my lifef timegod bless you mr. trump
completely agree. i hope this forever changes politics and we never become complacent again.
this is my first time through and this episode is unwatchable it is taking me like 20 days
it's so weird, i was riveted the first time i watched the show. maybe it's a great novel you only read once?
can you pay me?
he says he's looking to commission someone so yea there'd be payment.
thank you megan . we will send you a link , thank you again !!
the link is one the tweeter link
i'd appreciate it if my cats would inform me just why they decided to flip every single food and water bowl they have and then stand in it.
pizza definitely learned that from donut
me too but i cnt bc my fianc fell asleep
so cuddle up with him
...as if trump who wants to "bomb the shit out of them" will care to save brown or muslim peoples? he'll do worse.
..more threatening a no-fly zone in syria and military action against russia. your'e deluding yourself.
i ain't get lucky took a couple loses...
gotta lose to know how to win.
never watched the show, but i see that "look" in his eyes if that's what you're referring to.
the sparrow is the leader of a cult. he acts pious, polite, etc, but always has violent fanatics with him.
my point proven, lol best leave the lion's den
self defense is not a command to enslave or kill unbelievers. lion's den? you are a pansy ass. nothing more.
yep i understand. it's definitely easier to support a corrupt war hawk by not researching or reading articles
. u r reading stuff like breibart. so many lies on the internet. if u think trump will do anything your crazy
which is my long about way of saying: the first episode of season 2 of drops next weekend. happy weekend, all! (13/13)
there are some really annoying things about the world that make it super hard to ever get away from tbe; cbe is a red herring
does the 7+ even exist? haven't seen anyone with that one just the 7 lol
honestly dunno if the 7+ exists yet. are all pluses taking longer to ship?
we love all americans. we respect all americans. trump is an embarrassment
recent travel abroad same sentiment &amp; most can't understand how americans became so ignorant 2 even have trump in the running
everyone is so edgy and i cannot handle it.
i'm not edgy at all. unless you think eating sleeve after sleeve of oreos in one sitting is edgy.
i've decided to tweet my experience for anyone who reads my tweets
im genuinely curious
yeah, haven't tried it yet but hope to. aubergine at $150 is pretty good value given area and accolades.
yeah, aubergine at $150 is good considering the current norcal fine dining market! def a destination, though. higher if in sf.
you couldn't be in the app, or using it, without capacitance anyway?
can use apps with special gloves. do it all the time. but now need to take off to go to home screen?
oh no, someone beat me to the punch!
i thought you had forgot given we're now at nearly 502k statements. also: mail for you
yep i understand. it's definitely easier to support a corrupt war hawk by not researching or reading articles
she's not a war hawk. this guy has raped someone
but trump says mean things and hes blatantly racist,way worse than hidden racism and destroying 3rd world countries
yes, he makes birther comments that hillary's camp originated and thats worse than hillary's warmongering...:)
which cognitive bias is "we know better"? availability cascade?
certainly seems so. i'm also reminded of naive volunteers and how they don't (or can't) actually help
iirc, iad's job is to protect *classified* systems, networks, and info from foreign intel collection.
yes. that tiny little defensive mission effectively proves my point. bureaucratic firewall or itty bitty d
right off tops
i was thinking about it but then i been wanting to get a pair of nmd's or ultra boost
turns out mct can go well beyond mars, so will need a new name...
to infinity and beyond!
"too sick to flail" made me snort coconut water out my nose.
man! those deplorable coconut water!
let's perk up!! share a cup of coffee w/friend or stranger!!! rt &amp; must follow 4 chances to win$
i'd share my coffee with you.
do y'all think men know that us ladies can hear them when they're talking about us while walking three feet behind us at the store??
reading things like this is incredibly upsetting
ralph farris of talks music composing, contracting, and performing ...
great seminar re collaborating across disciplines yesterday! thank you for sharing
dude it's like $50. get you one (coming from the girl who never had one and looked 15 til like... well i still do)
i still don't know where to get one! i mean, i looked online, but they're like $150.
don't f w/ the duck, or these fine folks!
thanks, sean!
although that's a different issue than if the current state of transpilation is worth it, i suppose
ya, to each their own! maximally performant, symmetry with the platform and real errors w traces is just my kinda expressive
yes. it's not who we are.
and you poor bastard-in socal. got to be as thoroughly surrounded as i am in nyc
yes. that tiny little defensive mission effectively proves my point. bureaucratic firewall or itty bitty d
meanwhile how many years have hard drives been screwed
good bye twitter, after almost 4 years. it's been a blast.
good luck! we will miss you.
on the hp of your itunes underneath itunes back up for iphone there is an encryption check box that needs to be on
thanks! yeah, that box is checked.
jill stein returning to north dakota to face trespassing and vandalism charges:
stein didn't go to n. dakota to help, she went for publicity. that's why the graffiti. how did that help the cause?
a bunch of cast and crew are in colombia waiting for a will ferrell movie to start shooting. but he's not coming.
nicely tweeted
in wrestling terms, hes like a tully blanchard, more valuable on the team than as a leader. plus disliked/hated lol
tully blanchard was a lead heel multiple times in his career though
gazillion is the first company i've been at where the ceo hauls new qa up and introduces them personally. mad props to
thanks man, it's a team here. everyone matters!
...as if trump who wants to "bomb the shit out of them" will care to save brown or muslim peoples? he'll do worse.
and it's tragic and hilarious you talk about trump with muslims when hilalry has actually helped kill millions of them. wake up.
trump says clinton is against 2nd amendment, jokes about disarming her bodyguards: 'let's see what happens to her'
every time this out of control individual opens his toxic mouth, he spews more hatred and divisiveness.
uhc highlights &amp; sg thumbs for
god? is that you?
"gigster is backed by andreessen and y combinator and is unable to describe what it does beyond calling itself the 'harvard of freelancing'"
harvard is a well known janitorial services company
how trump torpedoed the best week of his campaign -
doesn't take much for a candidate who's unfit to be potus!
no im not. i am all for peace and tolerance as per what islam teaches. lover for all hatred for none!
you motto is a joke. as you are muslim.
is spawn still a thing? i haven't read an issue since .
how do you remember the issue you stopped reading at?! i don't remember what i did at work today
yeah i was forced to memorize all that in elementary hahaha
i know right i had to get used to it considering i live in america hahah
would the be ok w/ hrc ppl suggesting that some random person might harm trump? enquiring minds...
of course it is. trump's the one confusing gun control with lawful policing.
i was in a bo3 am
how did that go buddy? lol
how often are you in the office?
every day, except if i wfh or travel. did i miss you today?
good bye twitter, after almost 4 years. it's been a blast.
good luck! you will be missed. have fun
omg i just had a look at snapchat stories and this one girl from my german major posted "" from a train station gosh is she gay god pls
germans also often use this for their friends i guess like my "girlfriends" use it
no im not. i am all for peace and tolerance as per what islam teaches. lover for all hatred for none!
your motto is a joke. as you are muslim.
happy birthday!!! thanks for being an awesome person.
thankyou jay!! i appreciate your existence ty
check out all of our amazing ace directors (and lumpy)!
and i'm somewhere in between.
great parade in the villages- i love you all. we will . thank you for the incredible support-i will not forget!
has now flip-flopped on literally everything, even his conspiracy theory that president obama wasn't born in the u.s. sad!
but seriously you could kill a man with those throw some tennis balls on the points
it's cool, we're serving bear-b-q
deadly spawn is friends with ava. they understand each other.
where in the world/space did you get that! amazing
finally got delivery estimate for pokego plus wooo.
did you contact amazon customer support? i got impatient there was no info and they upgraded to one day shipping for me
have fsu -3 for a dime &amp; corn pk for a nickel tomorrow. i'll have 5 bloody mary's down by 9am to keep numb for lamar
lol nice. was thinking about corn also
think 46-47f maybe tonight. low set a bit earlier as south wind draws up (as you said, high departing)
temp dropping... like a rock.
show me where allah says this in the quran
that is the world renowned ibn kathir tafsir of verse 9:29. who are you again?
so he decided to write about abortion. from personal experience. as a guy. who has never had an abortion.
you can write how it affected you esp if it was your sig other
so how might your women and gay friends fare under a president trump? you think it'll be only hurt feelings?
how will muslims and third world countries like honduras and haiti, whom hillary fucked over, fare under president hillary?
why the face
i wanna watch that shit
finally finished stranger things. only two months late....
what did you think?
i am truly honored and grateful for receiving so much support from our american heroes...
has now flip-flopped on literally everything, even his conspiracy theory that president obama wasn't born in the u.s. sad!
i would never be able to do this in fursuit, i would have knocked the table over and started a fire and got arrested and fell
and sneezed
strong start... but need a bassist... ???
heather, we're serious!
half of y'all wouldn't even do that smh
he probably owes it to him. he was rapping about the work they put in and that probably got them hemmed up.
that was a great segment, . your had more courage than !
i know probably aren't my , for your but i thought they were better than /2.
. just became the 3rd player in franchise history to score 2,000 points in a uniform. congrats!
you do not hear a lot about january (not sure why) but she's a special player who does it all
6 express headed into bronx go full throttle don't be scared
i felt the train a got i was express make your fucking mind up
which one are you looking for? we use bella+canvas.
i think my daughter desperately needs the sushi shirt. that's her favorite roll. would need a 4 or 5t.
working on a project profiling directors/choreographers, but need to report basic info - when's your birthday? month/day?
march 15
i'm doing my part. i only watch fox cuz it's the only one that tells the truth
i used to agree w that. last few days they practice mccarthyism on . very very bitchy!!
we need to talk, white people.
ummm wtf. that's just...no
angling for a position in a trump administration?
no way. i'd help though.
our understanding of the game is constantly evolving.
michael fulmer's era has risen almost a full run until the mets ruined everything by trading him for cespedes, fyi.
are you sure you're human and not dancer?
you sick son of a
so he decided to write about abortion. from personal experience. as a guy. who has never had an abortion.
obvs not the medical proceedure but to say that wouldn't affect the prospective father isn't correct
show me where allah says this in the quran
come and try and collect it. america awaits you two degenerates.
easy when you cherry pick
right d-pad right bumper right stick right (limit transition)
hi greg, if you want to review the game let me know, i'll hook you up with a steam key :) /cc:
thanks so much! just dm me :d
this woman had no idea she'd be going home in a new '17 fusion sport! watch the surprise!
so touching, had me tearing up.
hrc buddy blumenthal ran w/this birther crap in 2007-8. you dispute this?
ok - you want trump associated with all things his supporters say? this is incredibly dumb
donald trump fans have been sending me racist, hateful messages for months... by via
i am sorry to hear this
so how might your women and gay friends fare under a president trump? you think it'll be only hurt feelings?
and hillary has shown she's gutless when it comes to protecting minorities when she said nothing during the dapl pipeline fiasco
step 1: put your fucking phone in the case
i wonder how many people break their phone trying to get it in that case
you putting that fire under me g's
let's get it bro! they don't want us to be ocky
surge was extreme many houses flooded. but wind was not as bad as irene due to the direction and cold stable air at the ground
interesting. wind here was closest thing to gloria in my lifetime.
lmao at least you respect it
lmao if it makes her feel good why not
nah, i tried to eat more to see if i hinted anything that might be good or different. trash lmao
nigga lying. drop them to me then i'll finish them
what flavor &amp; toppings? looks super bomb
lol its was chocolate chip cookie dough and caramel ice cream
i could get more obnoxious? i'm almost looking forward to it.
u can't help urself but to daydreaming it and night dreaming it! we can totally tell from ur exuberant voice!!!
finally puts to rest questions over 's birthplace. has more @ 9 on the "birther" controversy
doesn't this indicate that is a giant and ignorant ass.?
our understanding of the game is constantly evolving.
michael fulmer's era has risen almost a full run since the mets ruined everything by trading him for cespedes, fyi.
88% say yes to a ticket giveaway tonight so there just might be one.. if not then definitely tomorrow! stay tuned!
heading out for the night! hope you wait till i am back! enjoy the game
do you recommend any good coworking spaces that cater to sales professionals? not looking for just a phone booth..
agh! we totally missed this tweet until now :( we don't know of any good coworking spaces specifically for sales professionals!
agree . be a good fight this one
he might last up to the 7 round on the same level as canelo then the fight would be taken over by canelo
nip / tuck was such a good show. bring it back.
first season was (forgive the term) epic
jill stein people are protesting in front of hillary hq right now and
why don't you demonstrate in front of trump tower?
the congressional black caucus is part of the problems that plague the black inner city. full of hate, lies &amp; divide
love you girls
. says trump only took a "grand 34 seconds" to debunk a conspiracy theory he's been peddling for 5 years.
did he shush you first?
not yet. i've restarted a couple of times. next going to reboot. fonts are also jumping sizes as i scroll and type.
do post if anything gets resolved :)
i went to a few conferences and tbh it always felt like i was a very happy brick layer in a room full ppl that fancied themselves architects
well isn't that the problem? bricklaying is a young man's game, just like in your analogy.
marc jacobs has defended models' dreadlocks after being accused of 'cultural appropriation'
cultural appropriation is politically correct bullshit. those who complain have no culture and lack basic matters.
anyone know where to turn on raw in ios 10?
imagine a world where you can shoot raw in native camera app.. but that would make too much sense
my favorite guide on the beautiful
he's got the right hat!
two pia mails in the past 6 hours?! go check your inboxes, pias!!
have you added the new s from giant race yet ? haven't seen any yet
what click setting do you use? (my wife asked, "does anyone choose anything but 3?")
i'm on 2, like a true iconoclast.
american people oppose illegal iana steward transition ceding free speech &gt;muslims,china,russia
wow the globalist one world elite autocratic take over continues unabated. panama papers &amp; wiki panic
i'm trying to give gambling a cooldown for someone else, since i'm a super mod, but i can't find the settings for it. help
click the custom setting option, it should show you the option for cooldown
rough week? take 11 min to watch this super relaxing video of a guy building a shed out of mud, sticks &amp; vines.
love that guy. i'll admit it here first: i've we watched them all.
lying media portrays trump as a monster, but when ppl see him personally (like jimmy fallon), they see a diff person. infuriates liberals!
almost forgot trump's racism, misogyny, xenophobia, anti-immigrant, anti-muslim, anti-semitism, anti-science views. almost.
ranked and at app state are we worried? and
not in the least!
haven't been to a little kid's bday party in a long time and boy oh boy
kids are very advanced these days
do you think manresa would be higher if in the city rather than los gatos? on par with benu or crenn pricing?
yes. manresa isn't exactly cheap ($300 pp after tax/tip), but given 3 stars and his reputation, could be at benu level. $50 more
do you know how well that primer works? o:
no this is my first time trying it. when i use it tomorrow i will let you know :)
do you recommend any good coworking spaces that cater to sales professionals? not looking for just a phone booth..
is there any other type of community that might interest you that we can recommend?
hyde was in love with jackie the whole time that's why he gave michael so much shit for cheating on her
how could you ever cheat on jackie?
these people need to all be put down.
absolutely disgusting, the majority of english futbol fans are just like this. sickening.
what baby ? lmaoo she had a baby ?!
she prego with her first she was never suppose to have kids
blair witch (2016) - rotten tomatoes 38% rotten
no shock here.
florida man found guilty of attempted murder of george zimmerman: reports
are you freaking kidding?
how to get rid of funky refrigerator smells and 17 other home tips from the great
ha! thx chris!
totally! i'm super skeptical right now, just waiting for the rug to get pulled out from under me!
it's honestly how it always happens... but it could always be worse.
bummer! 2nd is pretty good though!
he made it to the finals.than it was 2 of 3.hugs! goodnight.heading out
try citymapper it's magical
16gb iphone too full hah
donald trump finally concedes that president obama was born in the u.s. after stoking conspiracies for years
too little too late nazi hater alt right basket weaver for the deplorables
oh no... i'm going to hate this in the winter...
this from the same company that assumes a hardware temperature warnings means "overheat", they just don't get winter.
castle-like metaphors of attack vs. defense are not helpful in cyber. the fused mission rightly blurs them.
the fused mission means you hem and haw about fixing things. maybe you like it broken.
hard when your playing cards with these maniacs!?!
i noticed ghostface didn't last. and whose head is that.... the old lady from pumpkin head?
what if all of the mazes in a halloween haunt were connected in a giant loop so instead of waiting outside for hours you just keep circling
wasn't that asylum in pennsylvania like this? also i'm completely on board with this haunted couch idea
haha did you really? that's crazy
yeah lol i was dying cuz i was watching and was like holy fuck that's matt
joyful box stuck in my mind it keeps repeating over and over infinite joyful loop
id like you to know. this is just my regular life.
and i still haven't even gotten to preoccupations and flock of dimes.
update: this flock of dimes first listen is great!
send the rocket catch buttons next!
that was how to stop "cherry picking" lol
once again this a tafseer, a tafseer i reject. try tafseer e kabir
who cares what you reject. you are no one in the ummah. face it.
it was bush's call and his legacy.
bush misled 70 democrats to believe authorization of force would lend teeth to inspections and diplomatic efforts.
normally i'd agree with you, but the guys at my shop aren't huge warcraft fans and i'd like details to be accurate.
find an artist that plays! :)
wow, 2nd generation echo dot already? at half the cost? feeling a bit abused, amazon.
burned by fast obsolescence or impressed by rapid innovation. some say tomato....
my highlight of the day was seeing you get schooled. senior writer?
"penn state forever." exactly. an enabler and in denial. forever. good luck, son. go get 'em.
"" he does not have any concept of what it is to have to work for a living."nor do you harry. how..." - haywoodjbl
if he made all that money without working then he's our man!!!
the fused mission means you hem and haw about fixing things. maybe you like it broken.
that's not theory. you can see the evidence in front of you.
next up we have you told the drunks i knew karate. my doctor who vid. by which i mean ponds!!!!! &lt;3
i remember this vid!! love it. thanks for the reminder so i can watch it again.
is michelle the best surrogate the campaign has? investigates
- cnn gave hillary $722,000 so take that into consideration when they talk about donald t
why isn't president obama working instead of campaigning for hillary clinton?
because the most important thing he can do right now is keep a racist like you out of the white house.
i'm just seeing this. my morning/ day was great. how was yours?
lol cuz you work so hard thats why. my day was good just putting in ground work
so there was a james and natalie segment? damn it i guess i'll have to watch the show tomo
you didn't miss much!
chris- i'm talking about fallon, not you!
lol, fallon got played by donnie. how hrcs team let him wear a mask is how i would define deplorable. i don't get it.
sanders: don't vote third-party for president
all his ppl hope u listening to your man
yep i understand. it's definitely easier to support a corrupt war hawk by not researching or reading articles
you are supporting a rapist who has scammed many middle class americans out of money. ur an idiot
you asked for it. you got it. jocko white tea pomegranate now available at get some!
congrats! but did you really just share this without the affiliate link? where's when you need him?
once again this a tafseer, a tafseer i reject. try tafseer e kabir
like you matter in islamic jurisprudence. lol
today is my wife birthday! i'm honored to have spent her last 41 with her!
happy birthday and many many more ! dee you better have an amazing present lined up!
this from the same company that assumes a hardware temperature warnings means "overheat", they just don't get winter.
it's always 72 and sunny in cupertino, why would you ever wear gloves? maybe a nice hoodie in sf for those gusts.
big thnx to of for chatting with members of the arts dept and cci staff today!
had a blast speaking with you!
all understandable but what does my pics have to do with nudity, politics, or violence?
exactly! nothing.. but your pics appear to be caught in fb's poorly written programs which monitor fb content.
most retail environs feel like an attack on our senses and serenity. so many strangers, so much exposure. overwhelm, exhaustion.
designing a good shopping experience is certainly an art! lots of retailers doing it badly!
have you seen the first-ever green bike lane on sonora avenue?! learn more about the project here:
doesn't work! bikers ride wherever they want! had to pull over into oncoming traffic to pass!
he's trying to unbirther the news cycle
time say enough is enough. this conman is disgracing party &amp; country!
the world reached 3 dangerous climate change milestones this summer
not good news...
when that one punch man season 2, tokyo ghoul season 3 &amp; aot season 2 announcement drops... lmfao
are you not a fan of d gray man?
i am.. wish you were here
im off at 11...flying to the hood you kno i need my off work spliff
a little astronomer selfie fun before we start the night!
who let kevin go on an observing run? :)
faith has nothing to do w scientific findings. vax mandates should be suspended until we know more.
endanger public health for findings that have a good chance of being lab error cc
i'd be down but i'm with a friend...if you don't mind him with me i'd come say hey (don't want to impose obvi)
don't be silly come thru
once again this a tafseer, a tafseer i reject. try tafseer e kabir
ahamdis are the rejects of the ummah. lol loser.
cosplaying as a dd today
yo that phone case
one candidate has worked for the people for decades and the other is a violent,racist conman. it's kind of different
how does one amass a fortune of 100 million plus whilst in public service, hmmmmm
yes, in '13. "seek the truth, endure the consequences."
wonderful i'm super excited abt the opportunity :)
read it here! how the red carpet became a snoozefest how did the red carpet get so...bad?...
"it hurts my brain to watch, because i feel my gray matter shrinking." those who have oscars think it's beneath them
but what is next!?
adventure is out there!
6 express headed into bronx go full throttle don't be scared
thought the train i got on was express it had the red diamond makeup your fucking mind
help me name my new baby. best name wins a t-shirt!
you're copping my (dad's) steez! i'm honored to be your red dodge caravan brethren
um ... yes she is. and...
hey sexist idiot. bill isn't running. furthermore he never raped anyone. the women gave themselves to him sthe
you probably don't want to use zip encryption anyway. it's not very effective.
i who heartily agree, i just want to bypass a paloalto networks router that does deep packet inspection - into a zip
i did "final thoughts" on brock turner. to quote jay z, type it in google is yo friend bruh.
first tweet i ever liked of yours.
yo i can't talk qvc but if you're trying to get down with as seen on tv i'm the guy
i find it hard to find a stranger that knows their way around a slapchop, but i gotta keep trying
wait what i think we need this . yes yes we do
that would reek of awesomeness!
successfully convinced my parents of oakland's coolness
meanwhile i'm still having to explain that the bay is nowhere near la whenever something happens there
a muslim scholar who are
a muslim that no one cites. an ahamdi that other muslims do not even like. lol
u are delusional af i never played in 2011 and u played it every day in 2011 and were trash
no one ever heard of you till 2014 you were never relevant on your best cod kys now
chelsea clinton skips daughter's first day of school to campaign for hillary
is she suppose to help?!!
*cockroach appears* me:
tb to hawaii
someday- all the clothes i own will be made of reddish-brown cord
girl we have so many cords in at my work
tell the story and drink the wine
so good!! they came by in the afternoon. 2006 rocks!!
hes not good at being tight lipped remember when birdgette and victor were up and day went
lol bridgette but at least it was in the open
they're so good live!!!
yeah they are!!! is my third time seeing them
a muslim scholar who are
ibn kathir outweighs anything you have to say on islam. you were no one as a non-muslims and still are.
check out my website for workouts and more!
congrats on new website!!!
well isn't that the problem? bricklaying is a young man's game, just like in your analogy.
i like keeping up with programming,but i liked the science more. too much of the industry is writing enterprise level back end obj
it's friday night and i think = female earl sweatshirt. am i doing it right ?
do you agree? i feel like i'm taking crazy pills. but it's close.
raise your hand if you're drinking craft beer tonight! (or retweet this, it's your call) (also don't spill your beer raising your hand)
didn't spill a drop
um ... yes she is. and...
do you need money to get a brain transplant. you are so lacking in facts i feel sorry 4 u. i will pray for you
yup! finally giving them a try
awesome i love so much. the thing i miss the most about leaving newinc are dibs on their excess merchandise
add apples to your guacamole for a game day dip with a twist
this tweet killed my dog.
it was bush's call and his legacy.
bush also misled 70 democrats to believe auth of force would not lead to war as first resort. he lied.
need 1 for 4s wagers, literally any1
jor would be down
mark the perfect man, and behold the upright: for the end of that man is peace. - psalm 37:37
or mark the blameless man, &amp; observe the upright; for the future of that man is peace
honestly i love seeing how much my taste in music influenced yours
you've got great taste in everything
nevermind. estoy bien peda at the playstation lounge
"bien peda" lmao! gotta love the slang we use sometimes lol
wow, this is amazing. congrats, ! via
so many great things...i can't keep up and i love the book!
no one ever heard of you till 2014 you were never relevant on your best cod kys now
no @ unless it's a 50+ link
i posted the link it was a coordinated media blitz for weeks, just a few
they were saying he should drop out of the race, because it was long over and it was costing taxpayer money. not at all similar.
i'm absolutely gaga in the hospital bed saying "i have nothing left to lose" in junior year re: dismantling structural racism on campus
right there with you girl
listen, i know that you know that many vendors knows *way* more vulns/weaknesses than they have time to address.
we need structural provisioning of resources for vendors, a thing fused mission orgs aren't going to do.
brought back by popular demand
he is a better place now :) sent in style
ya haha i know he didn't mean to cause that
good social but loose lips lol
faith has nothing to do w scientific findings. vax mandates should be suspended until we know more.
not to mention whole story on source of glyphosate lacks biological plausibility cc
michelle always sticks her nose where she shouldn't and then cries when nobody tells her anything
nobody wants to play with me!
i think about this all the time.old people are so good at conversation while i can barely talk to my mom if i see her in public
ive seen my dad in public and it was like the first time meeting him and i was frightened
i don't take dating advice from glass houses! ;-) &lt;3
tough but fair
one mint condition for sale. features: whore good at fifa can dance nuff gyal want him
bros? mi deven watch got .. wudnt kno the reference
protip, dont let me use worldedit i have no idea what i'm doing
you're going mad with power
okay, so how do you use the power button to go back to springboard from an app? ;-)
3d touch to the side for multitasking, then swipe to home?
we don't know for sure, you can't lay it all at her feet. but we do know how our friends and family will suffer under trump.
oh, shut up. she was secretary of state and we do know for sure. if you like, i could get you plenty of articles backing it up.
what if we sold songs the same way we sold physical art?
*at an auction house* "and 'famous' by kanye west goes to the rockefeller family for $5,000,000"
this boy is probably reconsidering if he likes me or not cuz he's witnessed me get into an "altercation" with different people lol
he probably thinks i'm mean or something
when can linux users get that nice clean beta ?
we've already got a slack linux app, new release that is v close to the mac beta is out this week
ima dog rt : i wish i had a pet , i would be less lonely in my house.
so was my ex but thats why he's my ex
definition of a door: an object that separates one room from another or a room from the outside
is a door a sandwich?
looking good nyc
sorry i missed you , giles and i were on the road in tennessee
. and are gloved up and ready to go for . follow us on
i don't get with in ny
max b getting freed goat
you're hot in your about
lmao omg i can't believe u remember that
lol never forget
to be successful is to be at peace with yourself!
peace and happiness!!! happy tgif
the irony of being called wesley when i celebrate my friend's book that's about not being a child actor any more.
. give 'em "chaos", will!
yeah i think so to
yeah that's what i heard
wow can make three trades a week or get flagged
get on a margin account!
we don't know for sure, you can't lay it all at her feet. but we do know how our friends and family will suffer under trump.
and you can't tell me we can't deduct based on hillary's record then go ahead and speculate on no record at all. that's childish.
ahmed youre embarassing shutup
sorry goodnight guys! enjoy your night
10below guy: you want to combine monkey business and i love you a latte? that may not taste good me: my fav drink is the iced banana latte
best ice cream ever
can you stop
i need my tummy tickles
i don't know, i kind of preferred my meal at californios to my one at manresa. maybe price had to do with it?
perhaps so. expectations? or resonating flavors? it's hard to say. you can respect 3 stars without liking it.
ah thank ya. it's border line vintage considering everyone ubers these days
you're still the sexiest man alive!
also i never had anyone to test digital touch with on ios 10 before, and it really really sucks and clogs up every single thread.
take that back
that's true! how's your trip going?
it's good. so far, i still wanna move here.
since we sat and talk for hours girl it's just ain't right, when you give me the run around i can't even give you flowers
season change -
he probably thinks i'm mean or something
i don't like him so it really doesn't matter how i come off to him as.
yo im going to the florida shows because theyre when im there for the summer set
im overwhelmed
would that address the auto-switching, or just pairing? the w1s can "handshake" between active devices too.
nfc would address just pairing and connecting. most bt headphones nowadays also ca connect to multiple devices at once
us by the end of the semester
lol yes. no pain no gain
why should government provide pentesting subsidy?
because we build our society on this stuff. we "subsidize" food and water and energy etc etc etc
but that's still the highest form of disrespect fam. that never called for at all
that's only time the name rang a bell.... and i did say it nuh make sense...... man dem nuh rate me
i am up for something. where?
sounds good. i'm just at the hotel but trying to see where all the are headed this evening.
a prison with "such horror as should be unrealized anywhere in the civilized world" closes
hillary clingon's birthplace is not going to be classified as a historic dump?
haha bro duda was in it too but they cut him off because he said fuck
that's awesome! fuck themselves they post stupid feminist racist shit on stories but can't say fuck....
poll: dems want sanders to replace clinton
stop with the sensationalizing headlines, dems said that health becomes a issue
i did see and i apologize for the issues. i am happy to call you and get you in touch with tech support and get this checked.
...ok, thanks. i've been experiencing this ever since they did a round of recent capacity upgrades to my local cell tower
the scottish people have a connection with palestine, won't be long until we're in the same situation
my antecedents were the lamonts.the famous campbell feign&amp;massacre was agin them.survivors ran to england&amp;we're still running
good bye twitter, after almost 4 years. it's been a blast.
it was hard hearting this! good luck!
i have decided that i'm not attending the reunion. i don't feel the show, producers or host have the best intentions for me
i don't understand y u are upset. thought you came off looking fantastic on show last night. was a fan in s4 and more so now!
hang that *do not disturb* sign...
sounds like me and scotch tonight
smh, niggas wilding for respect.
it's pathetic fr fr
them triple black ultraboosts are
all they nmd's and ultraboost are fire
thanks!!!!!! and i kinda totally can!!!!!!!!!! also, it's your turn next!!! :d :d :d
weee!!!
this week &amp; get the creeps with &amp; ! tell us what you thought &amp; be a part of the discussion!
blair witch was decent, but the last like twenty minutes were awesome. so 7.5/10
would that address the auto-switching, or just pairing? the w1s can "handshake" between active devices too.
however apple's icloud solution is much more seamless and clever, and auth-wise probably should be proprietary.
2016 cal v. texas tailgate menu!
severe fomo...hope to catch you guys at the tail end
it's great to be back on the campaign trail.
oh you read that being negative wasn't working, now love messaging, you've already lost.
is a thing of the past -- and if so, how does that make you feel?
hell no! will get through this, their love is stronger than the evil that surrounds them. they are golden 4
but i like wegman's, the apple store, and a few others-at non-peak times.
i like those too. wegmans can be calming, especially in the deli areas. i think it's the lighting and those little windows!
incredibly tone deaf move from her team, having such trouble framing anything in her favor as they are.
yeah, it doesn't compute. i'm perplexed.
we don't know for sure, you can't lay it all at her feet. but we do know how our friends and family will suffer under trump.
here's her nightmare in syria:
trump: clinton's bodyguards should "disarm immediately" and "see what happens to her"
he's a disgrace.
uber for secretly disabling your phone so you think no one ever responds to you and even delivery apps won't acknowledge you
uber for alienating yourself from your friends and loved ones but not animals
have a serious question. would u rather have a jailbroken iphone se? or an iphone 6 stock. ?
fuck a iphone se,i can't go back to a screen that small! give me a stock iphone 6 on ios 10
who could grow out of the real friends stage honestly
people w ears
it's great to be back on the campaign trail.
it's great to have you back...looking strong!
trump joked about killing journalists, praised dictators, destroyed businesses &amp; paid off an ag but ppl are voting for him
go figure so many deplorable folks after all to even entertain such a conman 4 potus. god help us!
there is no way that usg has resources to fix all of tech. they can't even get them to build req'd features for them
today. you know, nih and nsf do some remarkable things.
clean up the horn a little bit and i'd buy that
i really need to open a store
correct. it has nothing whatsoever to do with his constitutional eligibility.
sorry for the "potty mouth" as it was pointed out to me:
true. it's not clear whether you have to manually switch the w1s e.g. like logitech keyboards. figured it was auto...
i think as long as they're in range they just always show up as a source and you can switch at will
we don't know for sure, you can't lay it all at her feet. but we do know how our friends and family will suffer under trump.
here's her threat to obliterate iran:
how we do calls (it's the new tiara!) shoes: miumiu nail color:...
sick slide but please don't wear this type of shoe all day everyday you will fuck up your knees and posture.
i read something today about all these fancy features of the [smartphone] but the company still hasn't addressed broken touchscreens
that sounds an awful lot like oneplus one although there are lots of companies now with the same trend :(
clinton sat at his feet like a disciple. this is her religion...
you know take all the other issues with her away this is the biggest reason not to vote for her and it has begun
let the horse speak to everyone to state how much it likes carrying the inconsiderate tourists.
they are eager to get to work - you can see it each morning
and yet there are those that continue to defend and root for him. i don't understand what's wrong....
i may be delusional, but i think/hope today will be a watershed day, and trump will be done.
fuck off, you alpo-eating, piece of shit, feminist bitch
you sound angry and a little desperate. maybe take a break from twitter for a while.
the scottish people have a connection with palestine, won't be long until we're in the same situation
i suspect we'll all be running until we draw a line in the sand for freedom.i wonder how bad it'll get
the only solution is for vendors to fix their own products instead of expecting usg to do it for them. corp welfare.
"welfare". we fund things we want. we don't just throw tantrums.
you won't! just let loose and enjoy to the fullest
be careful in the pits hold on to your phone !!
will put on the list for new years, babysitter already in budget
thank you. looking forward to it.
newsflash, they don't fire the agents they reassign them, its transparent dirty politics bullshit and both should be condemned.
ffs. it costs money to do the job. not at all similar situation, you're being ridiculous.
the democratic party or maybe it's vice versa. guess we'll find out next year.
douche alert
what does it take for you to call a racist? she praised robert the leader of the kkk byrd and so did bill
the democrat party has and always will be the party of racism. your a journalist so do your job
communists killed millions too so does that make every communist ideologue deplorable?
in my eyes. yes. i get to choose who is a deplorable based on my beliefs just like everyone else.that's the beauty of liberty
all five hours of it?
absolutely!
at no point did i refute said claims. i merely pointed out facts whereas you cite claims.
you rely on memes &amp; unsubstantiated unverifiable audio than believe fact. changing narrative is a defensive tactic.
i did my makeup on the train again, also update: this filter is still perfect
there's just no way that liner was done on a train
hey donald- your press event was scheduled 2 dupe journalists to come to your new hotel. did you happen to even pay your workers, this time?
it's time to boycott creepy dangerous donald's businesses, big time - all of them, whatever crap they make.
yes it has been. i wanna be social but i'm not in the mood for it
i never want to be social. i'm such a 'get off my lawn' old guy.
thank you for the great article, please correct one typo to read hieroglyphics instead of heiro, they are legends
thanks for catching that!
i'm in south carolina now missy. i escaped socal in 2012.
righteous! you seem way too east coast!
i like it there a lot, but i think it might be too intense for me to live.
i've met more people in 50 mins than. 5 months in la
wish you came to visit babe
i'm there in spirit
it took forever to find one for sale. jumped right on it. i only see one on sale a year. ava loves it. scared bella! lol
when my niece saw my sam (treat 'r treat) bust she was horrified of it. it's a prized possession
i hear your abhorrence for her, but again, if you don't care that much about your gay and women and muslim friends here....
wrong. you hear the facts i've given about her warmongering: here's some more:
the shit i get tagged in by my baes
and then the things my friends tag me in hahahaha
this is what i was trying to avoid, if you wanna talk feel free to dm me because i'm not filling people's tl's with bs (-:
if you wanted to avoid it ya should've kept ya mouth shut. i'll talk here if you want to have a civil conversation
i like to ask the other parents at the park what's your cloud strategy? how's your family doing with the cloud?
you are going to get punched
we love miami! we love !!
little haiti a place no clinton dare thread!!!
that would be less cool. the "select source" menu is less magical. figured it detected the "most recent streamer."
well got some solo3s, maybe he can experiment?
in 30 mins tune in to catch the fabulous live!
too bad their angelic voices didn't bring peace
at no point did i refute said claims. i merely pointed out facts whereas you cite claims.
you're defending child rape with your attempts to change the narrative away from the upcoming child rape case.
sid blumenthal started the rumor back in 2008. ask jim asher
no, he did not. stop lying.
bought my first house... ""jeffery""
i'm so proud of you
miss you so very much. been reading your adventures but not the same as in person. sending love... x
miss you!! :) i have lots to tell you about!!
it's ok to be annoyed.....but please no f bombs on my mentions
do my best, but today has been incredibly annoying re: election coverage.
yeah, thats true. everything was cooked exceptionally and amazing produce. just really loved the bold flavors at californios
deliciousness is so subjective. awards/lists/stars can help guide, but they don't guarantee synching with your palate.
you strike me as someone who has never even talked to someone who has opinions different from the mainstream.
i'm not interested in the opinions or excuses of racists, xenophobes etc
was poking through old artwork last weekend i thought it might be fun to see how my badges have progressed.
i still have mine need new art from you soon too
i hear your abhorrence for her, but again, if you don't care that much about your gay and women and muslim friends here....
and i've surely heard your abhorrence for trump &amp; no facts. but again, if you don't care about poc in foreign countries, vote hrc
i am physically repulsed by dt's name, voice, look, and supporters. i really am. i have never experienced this before.
me too i am losing my trust in humanity
i get all the new &amp; good movies on time warner
ohhh how much you pay monthly?
problem: people are watching porn on our public tablets! normal solution: filter content ny solution: no internet
this is a truly take
the single most surprising news from donald trump's health records release was that his most recent colonoscopy did not find sean hannity.
it did locate chris christy and ben carson further up in his bowel, rudolph giuliani was closer to his anus
what you kids doin between now and the rally
driving to the rally haha
washed brooks
fact man i had to delete i was like nah this cant be real right now lol
. claims that appearing on russian tv after praising putin does not matter to voters. retweet if you disagree
he's just as demented as !
cmm attorney and former suffolk county executive steve levy's recently published book, bias in the media, will be...
i want to know what he did? we deserve to know
begging the question: who are the real idiots in this equation?
improper use of begging the question
sure you have a ticket to the front of the line
wow, a russian nazi. talk about confused. who'd you side with in the great patriotic war?
new home button works fine with capacitive gloves, i'm not sure where that bad info came from?
i tried using my j crew leather gloves with the touch coating, and yep they work without any issues.
trump's gonna win this thing, and send clinton back to lyin' hill.
your lips to god's ears
that is correct
but what if you do it twice?
yeah i'm hoping this can be the beginning of a long and beautiful brand relationship!
true story: the only clothes strangers ever compliment me on are print all over me clothes
. has 13 points, 5 boards and 5 assists. the assists are a career-best.
going 2be a special pro! love her pull up jumper &amp; athletic ability. enjoyed watching her go against uconn.
raiders win!!! what a comeback! the defense needs a lot of work but the offense came through in the end.
hopefully they stay in oakland. that fan base is one of the more passionate fan bases in all of sports!
so much i wanna do every night, but so exhausted all the time by then
the reason why side project lists grow exponentially in size haha
need 2 for the 4v4 am (creds covered) at midnight
me and are down
hang in there ren. popularity in school is highly overrated. turns into counterfeit cash when you pick up that diploma
you look so beautiful here pat! miss you!
your take from that is he wants her killed? if the fbi &amp; secret service agree with you, he will be arrested soon. we shall see.
it's stochastic violence. a dogwhistle to the crazies following him, and you know it.
i hear your abhorrence for her, but again, if you don't care that much about your gay and women and muslim friends here....
and since you're just strawmanning and repeating your previous garbage, we're done. take a block, warlover.
you strike me as someone who has never even talked to someone who has opinions different from the mainstream.
my only interest is to do anything i can to prevent those people from getting the power to pursue their disgusting agendas.
every text lol
so you cannot prove your claim.
as much as i appreciate mark cuban pushing for a real trump interview, it makes my heart bleed to know he had to take over reporters' roles.
someone has to do it when the reporters aren't capable of doing their jobs. present company excluded
my thing is, everyone said they didn't want anything from the beginning &amp; in the end i guess you and i were the only ones
i didnt't ask for a pic
its saves literally $0 because the agents are moved elsewhere. its the same tactic, to insinuate similar emotion.
it costs money to have a secret service detail follow someone around at all times.
1. complain about trump making up random stuff all day long 2. complain about apple hiding the shuffle button in ios 10 music 3. decide!
clearly everything in the world is going to shit.
sydney became a bad ass
she's always been badass!
can you not enter new data in the health app like weight anymore?
tap the + button in the upper right corner of the screen
exactly - my experience on pre-order time
it's stupid thing to roll something out a fuck people for being loyal..
nah it doesn't bother me, i'm just trying to understand this perplexing human behavior
i blocked you cause you've been corrected by sooo many ppl!
dissed birthers so he's filling the gap with moron lubers who hear his gun murder whistle.
poor bastard is going to get lockjaw &amp; hoof/mouth from sucking off all those inbreds.
honestly tho i could see where you're coming from haha
it's just their eps we're so good and then the first full length came out and i'm like gotta blast!
cocaine is a helluva drug! bruh stood on his head!
i'm weak lol this quan
why do (some) people take it so personally when you unfollow them on twitter? would you be offended if someone did?
depends on if i know them personally (in which case, yes). otherwise just makes me wish for feedback!
sydney became a bad ass
she's always been a badass!
what if someone set a trap so whenever you play your gotcha game of "that's racist," you become a laughingstock?
what if racist complain about being called racist?!?
who you playing now ?
nchaotic and co
coming off my bye i have marte and bregman injured. drop them if they don't play by sunday?
and pickup quinn? how do you like quinn's long term outlook vs other elite speed threats?
this medicine is great for my adhd but my ocd has been insane lately! i organized the inside of the truck like 6 times in the past 2 hours
i don't see the problem with that... ;)
cheap! $300 fares to europe and $200 fares to iceland. 500 free points from virgin america
i love wow air. i flew with them once and got to see iceland.
heading to newark for newark days. gotta have a funnel cake and fried food.
that sounds so good, then i would have to go on a long bike ride to burn it off...
so why did your man spread the birther rumor to me in 2008, asking us to investigate? remember?
was always with satan's bitch.
shaking my head!
that's what happens when i work a 60hour week.
at cost to a power outage in revenue may only be $1mil, but customers losses &gt;.
yup. externalities!
what is a parable little man
wow are you one dumb ass muslim. a story.
v. fun but i think intention was 1 infect per person. the animation with multiple is messy and....
i agree + they don't stack and have the same effect
he has obviously never done coke
oh wait holy shit do you mean the beverage
thanks for the good times in nyc today, that raclette was awesome!!!
always a pleasure to talk and web with you my friend!
thoughtful analysis. but it's easier to squish a blueberry, right?
yes but is that a good thing?
ok. this could be the tv project i've wanted for mary elizabeth winstead for years.
shit on it! we won't see it until fall 2017
finally puts to rest questions over 's birthplace. has more @ 9 on the "birther" controversy
that doesn't matter. wherever the idiot came from he has screwed up the country. we never "needed" a black racist president.
if you haven't figured it out yet, protecting . he also suggested hc insurances sue the gov.
diane-it's worse: quisling est leadership mcconnell,ryan et al are one's fighting for obama's vile irs chief
happy fridayyyyy! yay for the weekend so happy and blessed ...god is truly looking out for me!
a heavenly angel!!!! ;-)
bury it??? he started it and rode it to national political prominence. racist blather that appeals to his deplorable base!
proud member of the deplorables! what can you possibly be proud of, trollite?
sooooo how about a new underoath album?!
i want one so badly but am also very nervous.
once again this a tafseer, a tafseer i reject. try tafseer e kabir
how "nice".
only a fucking moron thinks stein is a viable candidate for anything in govt. other than file clerk.
exactly she is polling at one percent
okay, halfway through the season premier, survivorz. how are you liking it so far?
it rocks!!!!!
and deliberately parking them at other docks. sometimes multiple times a day.
obviously everyone's apoplectic.
i would like to buy a big smart water to show everyone how big my pay check is.
please update when accomplished
let it be known. i would go yard on you alllllllll day
dude, anywhere. anytime. let's settle this. i'm the randy johnson of williamsburg.
your take from that is he wants her killed? if the fbi &amp; secret service agree with you, he will be arrested soon. we shall see.
it's also an absurd suggestion that support of gun control = favoring disbanding of lawful police forces.
when the gang left the party and you don't know anyone
when the gang loves the army
who wants to go to beauty con with me in oct 1st?!
how much is admission?!
being a loyal apple customer = pre-ordering &amp; selecting a fixed time slot to stand in line for 30 minutes in order to pay $800
sounds like a shit show...
yeah bro, just seen some dude hit on a girl in the nastiest way lol
people lack morals and common sense.
ford gt 2017
nice shot! thanks!
trump is really smart. that's our next president smart not a liar.
trump train rolling ,get on , all are welcomed!
can you tell we're best friends ?
is that ios 10
yes we do. we follow the true pristine teachings of islam. our jurisprudence is the islamic shariah.
so you are into lashings, crucifixions, dominance over all, etc. sick bastard.
i'm not, but i go out there fairly frequently. we should chat before then, along w/ and
hangouts or something next wed around lunch ish?
is it safe to download ios10 yet?
just use a condom...
how to stop that one friend snapchatting everything...
we should do this to
cheers to 25! thank you to my fam &amp; for these flawless pics
ahhhh i can't believe i missed seeing immortalized in icing! happy birthday!!!
cnn tea party too?
u need to get your head out of your ass or we are going to end up with trump. you think she's bad? get a clue
me too! it's my favorite place in hawaii!
i know probably because of lost but for me it was like, omg jurassic park! :d
how long have you been sketching and doing watercolor?
i been drawing all my life and watercolor for a long time. i do a lot of different styles which ca be seen in the link.
still me every time i get to hang out with .
ahah the poison worked
yes we do. we follow the true pristine teachings of islam. our jurisprudence is the islamic shariah.
lol neither of you have any say in islamic jurisprudence at all.
tbh if you're not at death grips rn you suck
and if you are here say hi to me and punch me pls
updating my phone so i can join in on complaining about ios10 while its still socially acceptable to complain about ios10
imessage effects are cool, ill forget about most of them but its so clunky
cnn tea party too?
i think u have a real problem with a women being president
yes we do. we follow the true pristine teachings of islam. our jurisprudence is the islamic shariah.
ahmadis are the punching bags of the ummah. lol
i just don't think sanders' "message" was all that different from clinton's.
which position? the originals? or the sanders positions she adopted?
i'm still waiting for the vetting to begin... no lie should go unchallenged from this point onward
lester holt is the moderator of the 1st debate; i'm hopeful he'll hold feet to the fire.
i got you a present.
that is fucked up, that could be someones pet.
how long have you been sketching and doing watercolor?
thank you for your interest. do you do any drawing or painting ?
thinking about harambe
omg i can't take it! he's so freaking cute in those outfits. and videos now? obsessed.
from other "conversations" you had over twitter i'd assume this one wouldn't be civilized either, you seem incapable of that
you start throwing things like that at me i won't be
woke up with dipset anthem playing in my head today must be a good day
it was an omen that max b's sentence was being reduced!
has bothered u at all that we know &amp; want to discuss the facts much more than u do? it should.
i'm sorry, son, i'm not familiar with your work. would you like to be educated today?
i cancelled his order
turns out it was a blow-up doll
donald trump has spent years peddling lies about president obama. and that didn't stop today.
has spread 50 times more lies about .
i don't care about ibn khathirs opinion, the messiah has come. his judgment is final for this age.
no one of any importance in the ummah cares about what you have to say. face it.
see ya delly do great things at santa clara!! be safe.
thank you coach steve!!!!!! much love and mucho ice cream!!!
12-week unborn baby "salutes" marine dad in amazing ultrasound image
what would pro abortion people say about this great salute? the unborn deserve the same respect+let them finish being born!
1. capacitive gloves work fine with the new home button. 2. except for touch id, which requires fingerprint. 3. both then and now.
btw if you own a pair of leather gloves with touch coating, you can set it up as a fingerprint for touch id, done that since 5s
why do most campaign operatives look like used car salesmen?
does realize that when most americans hear coming from anyone but their doctor, they grab their wallets?
at lunch today we sat next to a group of cackling soccer moms who were laughing at the fact than an ex-classmate had killed himself.
that's horrible. i will never ever ever understand why people make jokes about suicide.
when i can hear every word clearly or can hear small details in music, it's the best feeling. doesn't happen much though.
do you use noise cancellation headphones? there's a difference in active noise cancellation and noise isolation.
can anyone think of any possible reason someone would have for not tipping in that situation?
because they're entitled assholes.
not from the wild card!
maybe not mathematically, but in real life, they done.
but i will check that reference because you probs took it from a random online tafseer website
lol desperate.
we literally got to see 2 seconds of part 1 wtf
gotta get you to come back for more
sporting life is so dope.
unlike which suck for me forever.
time machine launched by . for every child, the right to be counted!
love to hear you've been such a positive influence
bill is campaigning for her and she wants him as economic czar. she also knows about his past.
he was an adulter one time in their marriage. trump was an adulterer many times
so weird...i was on fox and friends &amp; they hadn't mentioned so far trump refusing to renounce his birtherism or false campaign statement
fox news is created news.my intelligence doesn't permit me to watch news which is produced.
ivanka trump can't take the 'negativity' in cosmo interviewer's questions, cuts off interview
with all her bs about trump's plans, ivanka doesn't give maternity leave to her employees!
but i will check that reference because you probs took it from a random online tafseer website
here is a clue ahmadis....america will never fall to islam. got it now?
when i can hear every word clearly or can hear small details in music, it's the best feeling. doesn't happen much though.
in your case probably the former works better.
really? it's definitely the worst thing about the iphone 7 for me. what's there to like about it? just like feel?
it feels more natural to me, as weird as that sounds. haptic feedback as a whole across the operating system is
i hope so. it just seems like all the media outlets that should be helping decency are blind/stupid.
they've been endlessly entertained by trump. he's good copy. shame on them up to now.
it's great to be back on the campaign trail.
forgot to add the "-hillary"
anti-lgbt pastor who celebrated orlando shooting barred from entering uk.
can we bar him from more than just that? -____-
yeah, that's very true. quince has awards but kinda overlooked often in sf. went and really appreciated the food there.
it takes time, but i would say try to find critics/publications/foodies that tend to be in line with your likes and dislikes.
interplanetary colonial transporter?
this. interplanetary colonial transporter.
side note* ios 10 thank you for making my alarm so much harder to just disable
only thing stopping a nap
just looking for that special someone
please hide her from lil blanche !
don't see it with pazos at all.
season was done last night
this thread fucking dissecting matt is really fucking gross
also i'm like pretty sure matt is really opening about their pronoun preference and it shitty to disregard that
.1) $10mm to the charity of your choice if you let me interview you for 4 hrs on your policies and their substance.
doing just this would make america great again!
chris hayes and nina turner just destroyed former trump consultant, sam nunberg. expect to see video of it shortly.
saw it. loved it!
trump said this tonight about hillary clinton, guns and the secret service.
that "line" has been said by half the nra members publicly in this country. not even close to being a threat.
i think i stopped reading around ; i loved the franchise (toys, hbo cartoon, ps video game, movie) back then.
*ive never read a comic book a day in my life*
no one seriously believes in numbers greater than 45b. that's just the crackpots.
we suspect the number 45,000,000,001 might exist. if we smash smaller numbers together...
his top 5 is
lol ... and thanks for the follow...
where's the real gucci
a bare naked walk in a summer meadow!
anytime i take a shot of whiskey i think of chasing it with muscle milk with and
what is wrong with us
i did the same thing for ecco the dolphin.
oh man. ecco was the shit.
" i spent 14 days fleeing with my 2 children from nasir,"nyabuay,new refugee at pagak border
i will keep you all in my prayers
if you're gonna stalk relatives of verified people on here, there's no question about it- you are a loser.
huh? what's going on? are you okay?
some1 periscope the smoothie rora show
there's a twitch stream ya dang goof
tonight's max b playlist goes out to the young woman on twitter with the aggressive touch and the fire header image *breaks into falsetto*
unwavey creature
i try the whole positive thinking, but the more i try the worse things get?
try this...
a lot of ppl our age are in the same boat. the gen above us majored in whatever &amp; still got good jobs. the gen below us...
..saw our mistakes &amp; wisened up. we're the generation of lost children. that doesn't make it better or hurt less, but you're not alone.
interested in health/science policy. what is clinton's? does trump even have one?
i wrote a piece about this a while ago:
. i just know you're involved in this story somehow...
baby goats + yoga = no kidding! one of our superpowers is the calming effect we have on humans.
i don't but imam noonan does. you on the other hand have no say whatsoever.
yea, that can be seen by his barren tl and i never said i did. i would be embarrassed to be a muslim.
how often are you throwing down to me at second?
you're the only one i can tag in this stuff so just...be cool...
breaking: the clinton's bagged $216 million by selling state dinner invitations
pos clinton foundation
all of the wrinklllllllllllleweeeeewewassssssss
(see also: commence , oktoberfest style)
i remember reading this play in catholic high school!great play!
perhaps brian did too...he went to !
yesssss bitches
yasss my girlies are looking fierce!!
maybe i'm asking for too much.
never settle for less
only when your sports team or player is winning
wooo go school volleyball
i agree! i'm happy the kids are pitching in. bodes well for '17
assuming billy doesn't trade all of the players.
1) healthcare is such a painful experience
i'm struggling to even get an appointment. 3 cancellations so far
enjoy the new iphone 7. we're already working on ios 10.1 to begin slowing it down to prepare you for the purchase of next year's iphone 7s.
when will apple reinvent the clickable home button and headphone jack?
name something hateful or racist he said.
just one thing?
hangouts at that date and time works for me. let's try for that
let's tacitly say then and i'll dm linkage / lmk if we need to change it
bruh is the fried boneless chicken from chinese store real chicken?
every chinese store boneless chicken look different
thanks i worry about my boo i don't like to see him in anymore pain
same here we're protective over him
really how many days hours off? show the schedule and you pack yourself next time to haul that tourist.~
there are regs about hours etc. i'll send them when i get home
videos show donald trump may not have targeted disabled reporter after all
wow thanks for sharing. amazing how the twists things to liking!
i dont want him
hes pretty cute
well he already confirmed it. but if he's right. i don't think hussein obama born here also.
evidence? even the donald has admitted he was lying. being dumber than the donald not a good place
nah, meek gotta shoot that nigga hisself now lmao
man it's getting outta hand
the old player life wasn't ever worth it, it's just a way of trying to protect yourself from getting hurt when i reflect on it, childish ish
plus, odds are you get played after or the relationship doesn't work out when it's "time to wife up" when you're talking to multiple girls
"you have barack and i working on your behalf for the rest of our lives so no need to worry"
thank god they are young and epic and the obama foundation will be incredible
worked ok for us. except we had to see some guy in the store complaining about his serial number getting jacked.
"jeez. this is awkward. i'll be at the orange julius, whenever you're ready."
"the entire product team was laid off."
they should hire product guru to turn things around / thoughtfully place banner ads along web-page real estate
how do college educated white voters feel about trumps birtherism and this ploy?
a) racist conspiracy theory to try to marginalize bo b) despicable &amp; blatant attempt to pander. he still believes his lies
that's for you to figure out
linsey, real talk. this was not a lie he's legit doing this
they're good dogs brent
where is the t-shirt i have my credit card ready
why do most campaign operatives look like used car salesmen?
does realize that when an american hears coming from anyone but their doctor, they feel for their wallets?
do they have better coaching?
nope koiubiak been coaching in the league for like 20+ years
trump lashes out at journalist who dared to ask ivanka questions: she's a "non intelligent reporter."
this is what some americans want as potus. no wonder deplorable was used to describe trump supporters!
i saw you playing while you were on that machine at the gym. addict
papa needs his fix
uber doesn't want me to leave nyc
no worries. you've got credits there!
that has everything to do with you picking from the same defect pool, and nothing to do w/the actual reality of cousin-fucking.
yes, precisely. this is true across all things that reproduce, essentially.
he a fraud for that , ion fw him now lol
bra i ain't even know he rapped still that's the crazy part about the whole situation lol
ohhhh hahaha! it's been a minute! haven't talked to her in a minute either.
well that's me over there. how you find nick???
5 years later. she caught me
i have still not accepted my mother's fb friend request. it has been sitting there for four years
you run lass, but if you come back one day, i'll protect you for those evil english/romans lol
lol! if brexit actually happens,i'll definitely run back.if clinton makes office,it's over here.we're a republic in name only
new avatar ideas please
your face, perhaps?
president dwight d. eisenhower was a friend of labor.
ok one guy.
seems like one of those things you shouldn't believe until it actually is built.
haha! fair enough :)
here's cnn's fact-checking trump's claims about clinton starting
so trump's detectives finally found president obama's birth certificate--in hawaii, where it has been since 1961.
what makes it fake?
lol there's a couple things u can check like where it's made and certain details, logos etc
i've shown some of these movies to my girlfriend &amp; she loves them.
if she likes i spit on your grave, put a ring on it
i don't think i've ever heard it. just now, bernie had a chance to say "i have worked with her, i trust her. she's a good person."
did you not watch the convention? tons of people doing just that
they clearly do when they write so much against us. you share a lot in common with muslim extremists.
i condemn all sects and you support every word of the koran. making you an extremist.
how do you detect os architecture? os.arch()/process.arch return the architecture the binary was built for.
oh yeah lol, we look for the presence of a 64-bit only dll
beautiful nyc senior needs a nice studio apt to knit u sweaters and pack your lunch. yeah, rescue dogs do that.
i know two mid size poodles that play craps...
it's bill! he's really bartending!
and a thousand people outside, just waiting to get in...?
duopolies aren't really any better than monopolies. analogy to political parties left as an exercise to the reader.
obvious collusion, right?
dad hooked it up with a new hat
now this badass sticker
don't see it with pazos at all.
he's left handed. that's literally the only consideration.
the problem with hearing 1,000 crazy things is that it's impossible to process it all. it all blends together and you miss the details.
so using a theme from nra talking points about everyone needing to be armed will get pushed aside by the next awful thing.
the grand tour finally has a launch date along with a sweet trailer! check it out!
awesome! i really miss those guys
drop your location we bout to fight
how bout i meet u halfway
jake kiff has been a terror for the spartans tonight. that's 3 sacks and now sionko is down. hit didn't look too bad but kiff is a big boy.
sionko being carried off by teammates. looking at right foot/ankle.
tony schwartz, the new devon? clearly not in favor of anonymity.
dude kicks ass.
the party that will never let national embarrassment happen again!
because there is nothing embarassing about being kkk nazis and other haters - nope
new avatar ideas please
also tell your brother to hang out with me i haven't seen him in like three months
haven't gotten into it yet. probably time to listen to something non-chance
it's not good for you to overdose on anything vern
confession time? here's what i got alphabet a curious creator i~open~sourced a-plot one's private dic~tator now we call the shot(s)
*one's virtue &amp; honor is but a walking shadow; a poor player, that struts &amp; frets its hour upon stage, &amp; then is heard no more* (1/2)
this i never thought of! but now what if someone pinches my gloves!
don't use a finger, any part of the glove with touch coating works! leather covered fingers are imprecise, improvise.
you run lass, but if you come back one day, i'll protect you for those evil english/romans lol
king geo.will have been right-we couldn't handle it and blew it.some of us will run back to daddy
and just a point i debate hundreds upon hundreds on fb and tweeter and radio and tv and national papers
right, your tl shows that. your debate is a joke.
pupsitting while my cousin is away &amp; decided pizza &amp; wine would be dinner
idk whether to be flattered or embarrassed that the staff still knows me by name...
when yer not checkin' out 2nite's , picture yourself at &gt;&gt;
take a final spin of our blowout summer show - ends sept 18.
which is fine.. but this isn't spin. the reality is that the clinton campaign started it. i am not a trump fan.
okay, how about deflection? i don't want to hear "hillary started it" from a man who spent 5 years gleefully -
and yet he is gaining in the polls. is half of america f****** stupid or what?
apparently yes...
i wish it was as simple as deporting illegals but the fact is we deported god and we need to get him back to survive..
we don't need illegals to survive.
nina turner is spot-on about trump's racism - unfortunately, she has zero interest in protecting obama's legacy by electing clinton.
nina turner is a trumpster,non matter what she said tonight!
relativity ignores lesson of ben-hur, attempts to remake a classic film that doesn't need to be remade.
dana is also not a clinton voter so his decison making skills could be impaired
then why you telling us what islam says when you have studied bare minimum ?
i am using you to show the readers your diseased minds and you cannot refute my points.
manager bruce bochy joins 10,000 others for . walkers raised $3.5m to fight heart disease.
. thanks for covering our annual . great time &amp; raised $ to fund research &amp; community programs.
i hope you have a great weekend everyone!
you too cathy
never not thinking about how an old college friend introduced me to her boyfriend as her friend "who loves email"
guess this is true since it's 9pm on a friday night and i'm st *microphone cuts out*
which is fine.. but this isn't spin. the reality is that the clinton campaign started it. i am not a trump fan.
attacking the first african american president on his place of birth.
two things that are rarely seen together.
how's the android life working out?
i've seen niggas play their own homie just to get a bitch to giggle.
sad but true, smh.
idk whether to be flattered or embarrassed that the staff still knows me by name...
...even though i haven't lived in the in over a year
slide to smitten ice cream in hayes valley it's slow af
i drop off stuff there for work lol !
if you had to leave your home and only pack one bag what would you bring ?
my go bag lol?
we're with her.
one for the boosey
oh who are you ? oh yes a far right extremist
right, being against the barbarity of islam makes one an "extremist". idiot.
. police are treated differently than other gov't workers, dun'ch'no? scott walker _exempted_ cops from his cuts
tell that to the chris christie &amp; the cops in nj. they got humped on cola's for their pensions. nxt health benifits
love it. check out the , apparel! via
that's a must have along with the ghost ride the whip bobblehead.
as i'm i in ny
was yorkville/ues before
my friends just told me the anime characters most like me would be killua and izaya
i don't know if this is a good or bad thing
one time i accidentally drift in the gcc lot there had to be two gcc cops on the floor fml
asuma she drifted
idek if my heart can take watching another yankee game
it's never too late to convert..
well in that case you really have failed lol , i am demonstrating how really some amercian's are really stupid
anyone can see you have not refuted a thing.
they all are actionable at some level just not significant, but these last two weeks people 1/2
we'll agree to disagree.
never forget what you really specialise in...
my pcp is an internist. i'm a train wreck. he's the family doc. love him! i like anyone who likes .
do you know when apple pay is coming to nz?
"soon". i would expect october.
join me, and more in celebrating the 50th anniversary of on 9/10 in brooklyn!
9/30 sis!! 9/30 :) please check the date and thank you!!!!
carleeeeyy maybe it's a bar and grill? maybe u can get in? at least wait outside for him he's an angel
it's not. and they're very strict on the 21+ thing. the only way for me to do it is an id. and i'm not going all the way down
thanks for all the kind comments, lovely tweeple! always enjoy being on w/ my pal chris, and shout out to the amazing
you are great and a total badass. totally accurate
it's not. and they're very strict on the 21+ thing. the only way for me to do it is an id. and i'm not going all the way down
there and not party with him okay
if you watch last chance u this'll make you happy
this is sick
where's hicksville in ny. i stayed in manhatten in 06. or was march &amp;v cold. we got married at city hall
hicksville is in the center of nassau county on long island. nassau is next to queens on the east side
i'm accepting the fact that i'm going to be a monster tonight. happy full moon.
i was gonna be that way too so i ordered a massive amount of chinese food so all i'll want to do is nap.
oh who are you ? oh yes a far right extremist
i am someone who will always reach a broader audience than you.
you found our base.
"caravella" is italian for caravel, a type of sailing ship.
for a startup, i am kind of totally in love with their blog:
paul graham blocked me for saying asian/indian people are being taken advantage of. typical anglo-saxon degeneracy.
they deactivate his email account and all but escort him out of the building like he's going to steal their high frequency trading secrets.
so wtfsad that 's s facing email was a priority shutoff but uplifting that the students reached out quickly in other ways
the lord jesus christ and his son will always reward those who stray from wickedness
the right choice ends up putting you in a better place sooner than you think
how do you detect os architecture? os.arch()/process.arch return the architecture the binary was built for.
oh yeah lol, we look for the presence of a 64-bit only path
i follow a lot of damn good photographers and this is one of them
thank you dude!! your stuff is amazing!
saw that civil forfeiture story get rt into my timeline. angers the hell out of me.
we all work together to fight this racist corrupt system. you should follow me. i tweet from there since eric garner
just saw a dude lick the gas nozzle
natural selection at work.
my toe nails have stopped growing. should i seek medical attention?
seek medical advise first. not sure how many doctors follow you ;) #
florida man who shot at george zimmerman's vehicle convicted of attempted murder
good. the democrat bites the dust. only american lives matter! if i don't wan't to stand up, go live with your terrorist buddies.
i refuted so many of your points. i don't think you have much readers lol.
look at my follow moron.
now tramp is dog whistling that hill's security should lay down their arms and see what happens, he's using the media as crash dummy's
he uses msm 4 whatever he chooses &amp; like puppets they lap up his nonsensical malarkey 4 ratings = ing $$$!
i don't believe in god, but there's nothing wrong with customer support.
you mean support from krishna? are you the same guy from geeta? i have heard so much about you?!
"dumb".. notice i have insulted you personally once, and gave you 4 different articles. have a good night
travis, the articles aren't from accurate sources. you need to realize that u could put a crazy trump in there
where is that?
the italian festival in little italy!
i think its up by 20th street. i'm bringing binoculars to avoid the stink!
i'll be thinking about you. i sleep, you go look at dead whales - btw, i can send a link for pics of that if you want,
i don't do or any other often but quality stuff there ^^ high signal, low noise. the opposite of me, basically. enjoy.
brad, did you just tell people to yourself?
i refuted so many of your points. i don't think you have much readers lol.
two ahamdis, rejects of islam. lol
so if it's raining the whole time i'm in miami i'm basically coming back as a mother right? *cancels flight*
congrats in advance
the brave men and women who have served our country deserve better than donald trump.
we deserve better than trump and hillary. it's an insult to our intellect
i got your back bitch. i'm not opposed to cussin them assholes 4 u.
please don't get involved in her mess jiggly because she's full of shit.
one of the best moments of my life captured on video
what yes!!! i'm so happy for you!!
where's hicksville in ny. i stayed in manhatten in 06. or was march &amp;v cold. we got married at city hall
ny is cold usually nov thru april with very little exceptions!
keeps tweeting hoping to get into a war with trump but she's lost that game too
all she gets is us retweeting them with the facts making her look even more desperate
he made it bro
that's crazy. wasnt he the one that like went home?
what it's like to have a girlfriend
this is so perf
the level of exhaustion that i feel right now is unreal. i'm starving but won't order pizza bc that means having to get off the couch
get cho lazy a** up
trump on clinton's bodyguards: "take their guns away. she doesn't want guns... let's see what happens to her."
listen to this cowardly dickless excuse for a man - this is what the nazis/white supremacists thrill to - and what you msnbc created
crewneck is on with no hesitation.
had to close my window, wind was a bit saddening
good advice, trying with mixed success. favorite for overseas is little_meg_siu_meg on insta.
oh yes, i know margaret... we went to aubergine together actually.
is colin feeney friends with knocked loose?
i muted everyone who retweeted this
was gonna buy my man 2k17 but he doesn't play it :(
it's the thought that counts
i refuted so many of your points. i don't think you have much readers lol.
i get over a million views a month here alone.
i wonder if this trophy can order a drink before can
haha, it's so tall, no need for id
we're here for you. where were the photos located before they went missing?
canon camera --&gt; iphoto --&gt; iphoto unexpectedly shuts down --&gt; pictures gone off camera &amp; iphoto
trump: clinton's bodyguards should 'disarm immediately' and 'see what happens to her'
a shocking veiled threat planting ideas into the heads of his illiterate supporters again! trump's nuts!
case arrived. tried it. immediately removed it.
yeah... the jet black is too "pretty" for a case. i got mine in black with the "storm grey" leather cover. looks great on it.
going to rewatch guardians of the galaxy tonight
it's on netflix is it worth watching
your wife still rooting for the bucs?
people have free will last time i checked lol.
14 days ?! this just shows how many complaints they have .
guess there's a lot harassment on the there flights
so, now, trump in miami says take away hrc bodyguard's guns &amp; 'see what happens'!!! he's nuts! .
why did he ask? is he planning on maybe shooing her in the street? we know he would not be arrested if on 5th ave.
these two guys in front of me were just stalking a girl online and zoomed in on her ankles. then said "she looks like a model"
i promise you most of us don't zoom in on ankles. not that there's anything wrong with that though
if you're gonna stalk relatives of verified people on here, there's no question about it- you are a loser.
nm, i read further down in your tweets. sorry you got harassed by paid trolls. gross!
tonight: , , a performance by kiiara, and your funniest tweets.
sad you gave a huckster airtime
third picture smart ass.
yes, but only 3 twitter handles...this is how tz episodes or o. henry stories end
are you done??? i just had a mad men experience yday i would share if yes.
you go to the cliff where he was meditating ?
jimmy fallon wore a surgical mask for an interview with clinton
fallon gets it.
won't be long now, though things will get a lot worse after the fake messiah turns up.
amen to that.
can't. stop. listening.
same thing happened (still happening tbh) with heavn and telefone
the same article had three different headlines run across print and two digital outlets.
not uncommon at all
trifecta of smoking power.
i'm just gonna assume my invite got lost in the mail.. right? =)))
. on birther controversy: "i think the media got totally just bamboozled [by ]."
so i reckon you haven't seen the sheriff joe data on the originial obama birth certificate?
it sounds horrible. and it moved too much from side to side.
, just took a few ginger pieces and had a banana to help with the nausea of that shaking too. makes me appreciate trimet more.
thoughts on blair witch read:
well said sir, to me honestly modern "horror" feels like riding a "haunted house" fair ride, looking out for the jump scare
it always looks like d'arnaud is looking for a walk rather than focus on hitting.
he's going to be a good ballplayer...when he leaves new york. he needs a change of scenery
i wish all federal agents were supermodels! a little worried that is not in this photo set
joey + mac = the couple we deserve!
i'll be thinking about you. i sleep, you go look at dead whales - btw, i can send a link for pics of that if you want,
check this guy out- many pics! of whale
not rofl but roaring! fam now thinks i'm certifiable!
hint...she is
trump on clinton's bodyguards: "take their guns away. she doesn't want guns... let's see what happens to her."
when was this clip - which is nothing more than an invitation to his violent thug base to assassinate hillary
same thing happened (still happening tbh) with heavn and telefone
black womyn make the music industry. basically
agoraphilia, albutophilia, anasteemaphilia, autophilia, cratolagnia, endytophilia, harmatophilia, hodophilia, infantilism, olfactophilia+++
++phronemophilia, spectrophilia, .....
maybe not one episode, but a marathon certainly counts...
those are the best.
it's great to be back on the campaign trail.
great to have you. not!
i will hook you up! if you buy it in the store, put in a note for the size. i'll get it to you!
sweet! so just buy it in the store, pick any size, but put the specific size in the notes?
coffee - comfy chair - laptop - settling in to work on revisions right now. what are you up to?
reading, practicing french, and watching a comedy.
my dad is going on a date and i can't even get a text back
the man the myth the legend
congrats carly....
thanks!!!!
grand canyon with ! :d
can i heart this more than once?!?
its tbh a great place for it
. as a kid i couldn't go into a walmart b/c the smell of all the things at once made me puke
just fucking puked everywhere
mother fucking kane
aaaaand.... it's gonna be a late night in the studio. working on two new records!
that's the best reason for a late night though sooooo.. yay!
back shooting . what's your favorite part of the show? what would make it better?
my fav parts are when you get red in the face, you should do that a lot more of that this season plz
asuma she drifted
she did, i have her ticket
"i couldn't do it without you, booth." "so maybe you should be a little nicer to me, huh?" 1x19
aren't they cute?
"oh we need sales? i'll start at work"
basically, right. "i mean you'd might as well get the 256 it's not that much different in price"
since reporters won't ask non-infotainment questions, when trump refuses cuban interview push him 4 why he's denying 10 mill to charity.
the only charity trump likes is himself
today's been super positive, especially compared to yesterday. thanks for stickin' with me through that, guys.
thanks for having the same hope in return, even on days harder to convey it during
no where to run unfortunately, they're all the same,spread from the same knife. brexit will never happen here thou voted for
i agree. when i heard theresa may ascended-i was stunned. then, i knew.
as a democrat, i am so sorry that clinton is our nominee. her rise to power is a disgrace to not only democrats but to all americans. shame.
so many dems upset
when my aunt says "wow they give you homework on the weekends! not even a rest" nope
i wanna kms
2nd amendment flap is a euphemism for envisioning your opponent being shot.
trump is trying to win by demolishing the basic fabric of our government and civic culture. it's horrifying.
now you know why they get some hype at games...
you're gonna cause some ex tweeker to relapse.
i'm gonna go drink kombucha from tap by myself and pretend it's beer
hey i'm on my lunch where r u
i just want everyone to be happy
then fast forward 39 days for me
trump: clinton's bodyguards should 'disarm immediately' and 'see what happens to her'
maybe trump's bodyguards should turn their guns on him &amp; see how brave he is!
what's that? post a pic of my adorable daughters? okay ;)
how old are they?
hi peter! thx for the follow!
. i see what you did there! for the modern debate.
me and boarding
awwww, that's some haters
i thought there weren't supposed to be inventory issues with the apple watch series 2... so much for that.
that's what i thought! this whole launch was a disaster.
no where to run unfortunately, they're all the same,spread from the same knife. brexit will never happen here thou voted for
i try to remember that-though for a time,all battles may be lost,we know the war is won.
dang. my brother is at a baseball game in boston watching the red sox &amp; yankees and im just here
but u saw drake on wednesday, whose the real winner?
lol, nice. apparently there is also a processor_architecture environment variable on windows?
never trust any environment variable on windows, people fuck them up so often
looks like going to pazos was a fannnnntaaaaastic idea, huh joe?
binder joe at his finest!
barakah meets barakah: a lovely little saudi arabian romantic comedy that is also something rare for the genre: political.
ah i liked this one in berlin too
aww, love those names. did you get them at the same time?
no, athena was 2 when we got her and then 2 years later adopted artemis as a kitten.
son? educate me? are u serious? i know the case better than anyone. happy to converse after u read this
come on, that's like me sending you something from michael moore about hillary's amazing run for the presidency. no credibility
ah so you're in "san francisco" now got it ;)
yeah, we stopped at the hotel to dump stuff and are now sitting in the worst traffic ever cuz fuck the bay
woolf will always have its place in history. but zoo story is one of the first plays that i read-and learned how incredible theater can be.
i also really got into theater through albee. i took a course on absurdist theatre (as a lit class) in undergrad.
really disappointed in fallon. the last thing he needs is more publicity/attention bs.
jimmy's a comedian, a sycophant, a lightweight. he's also, according to rumor, a trump supporter.
thank you for the information. we'd like to gather additional information. dm us please.
i did. please respond.
lol, nice. apparently there is also a processor_architecture environment variable on windows?
like even ones the system guarantee to be there and to be sane, someone will have fucked it up beyond recognition
okay but like when you say you'll be here by 5 i expect you to be here by five
tell him i said he's a dumb bitch for ruining our plans
i just saw a 12 year old in a stroller..my whole vibe gone smh
smh i didn't see it but just by reading this tweet my vibe just been murdered too smh
it's the worst hahaha
dude! i woke up this morning added to a new group haha
they not bro cudi is the goat with out allat extra shit, kanye "wanna" be a god cudi already know he is
idk , i just can't see the difference . same bracket
giveaway alert in honor of i decided to do a giveaway! must be following me! ends on halloween
this is literally the sweetest thing
this was definitely a nice read, beautiful picture as well. great work!
appreciate you, thank you.
gonna be totally honest, when they revealed lucio last blizzcon &amp; i saw his play thru i thought "oh it's jibrill"
i'm too tall to do a proper lucio. tho i think he's cool lol
i'm not running judism 101 u want explanation about ur prophetsgo2rabi
fuck your jewry worship.
son? educate me? are u serious? i know the case better than anyone. happy to converse after u read this
there is a ridiculous blog out there called which commits libel against at least three of the accusers
so what tc "surprising announcement" does update guy think we're sticking around until 11:30 for? odd gkr are ignoring this massive annct
kickstarter for terry's death-metal band. hey, i was surprised.
nothing much just chilling laying in bed basically what i've been doing all day... i made it my business to chill today
*touches forehead* are you alright. lmfao
real quick: have you been to a vegan wedding tho? the food is *insane*! vegans love to eat &amp; u will be fat &amp; happy &amp; dancing all night long!
i don't give a f**k if your familys paying for the wedding - at the eod it's your wedding and should reflect the couples values
the old saying 'be careful what you wish for' could have been written for trump. electing him could come at a very high price for america!
how true , you'd be shocked or not the amount of people i know that will vote for him
show us the audit letter, donald trump
vindication is sweet, lawrence o'donnell
lol it's way too late for that
you can't be serious
that feel when you get a shoutout on the weekly newsletter
taking credit for this
154 year old mike napoli has 34 home runs this season. steroids are great.
if they were around back when he was 34 he may have hit 154 home runs in a season.
this guy would like examples of hateful or racist things has said.
we can start with today's topic of birtherism, as an attempt to delegitimize the first african american president. racist!
go see the good neighbor out today! keirgilchristofficial
i'm watching it tomorrow night on vod because the only ny city theatre playing it only shows it at midnight.
no where to run unfortunately, they're all the same,spread from the same knife. brexit will never happen here thou voted for
it will be very dark before the dawn and i'm not sure it's twilight at all yet.
thanks again, nat
well you are correct on that
. on birther controversy: "i think the media got totally just bamboozled [by ]."
google loretta fuddy then ask yourself why records at columbia suppressed?
a party run by a stupid, narcissistic, violent clown who fantasizes about his rival's assassination
he doesnt just fantasize about her assassination - he incites it; he invites it; he craves it and to win, he needs it
wait, cessa threw 64 pitches? i thought he was at like 90.
but he's right handed.
i need some good trashy scifi to read while in china. feed me books.
how trashy? and do you read urban fantasy?
can you explain? earned after teaching standards? assessing standards? have pics? would love to know more.
info about brag tags in our library makerspace
you def have to watch cosmos then
lmao i already do watch it i'm one step ahead of ya
i mean but he didnt start it... jr did
true but why is he searching for references to him on twitter and bragging about his hall of fame career?
my word the airbus a380 is a big plane. can this thing really fly?
so thanks for all the commentary. i can confirm that the airbus a380 can indeed fly with the minimum of crashing
why would rodney king's daughter join forces with lapd? at 630.
because she's a sensible person. and an honorable citizen?
bernie knows trump is going to win and he is cool with it.
bullshit. the american public is just marks and suckers to con man shyster donald trump
norm macdonald's house sitter was found dead in his home
wow must pay well...house sitter.
i never should have tweeted this.
it is the internet. i'm very tempted.
girl that was liquid in the pipe.... so unless that weed oil.. it's crack.
oh that girl was definitely smoking crack lmaooo i didn't know that was a thing these days
"you're racist" is really all she has at this point
just look at some of the profiles of some making comments here..
again, mostly family and people who could be written off as toadies or partisans.
so pbo and flotus and vp are toadies?
no what is vile &amp; insulting is how ignores all hillary's lies &amp;crimes. we are on to you
hillary proped up by the media
she said yes before i could ask the question!
congrats brad. happy for you bud
i'm not running judism 101 u want explanation about ur prophetsgo2rabi
as i said, israel predates jews. israel is destroyed before jews existed
pool trying to put four strangers in a fucking kia is really the most baller shit i have ever seen. they don't care at all anymore.
i couldn't leave hq last night because uber wouldn't get off 2x. becoming a joke.
but i think you're like mac because he is super loyal to his friends, creative, goofy and has a warm heart!
daaaaawwww!!! that means a lot ash! tho you gave me goku &amp; 2 other friends gave me him too. or luffy. i was happy with either
phone acquired! it's too slick. i'm going to need a case asap
agreed. i'm so scared to pull it out of my pocket, especially when walking. are you going to get a screen protector as well?
tip for wearing a fedora in public: throw it in the trash.
wrong, throw your whole self in the dumpster
ca ag is keynoting tomorrow's equality awards
at the first in sf we protested her because she imprisoned so many trans people as da, she is no friend.
off to the ball game
but first shooting some dice on the streets
i used to not care at all, but there are certain english vo habits that drive me nuts in dubs. just depends on the quality
i rarely notice it, but i can pay better attention to art without subs.
i'm not running judism 101 u want explanation about ur prophetsgo2rabi
i certainly have no jewish-prophets.
this is what you should be doing in san francisco this weekend:
tomorrow is empire day. celebrate emperor norton outside the transamerica redwood park at 4:30.
this guy would like examples of hateful or racist things has said.
refusal to denounce the kkk and david duke... racist!
no we want a game that doesn't drop storylines for crap coming out of the blue.
soo halo 2 and halo 3 again got it.
it's the worst hahaha
you got the 7? i need the dets. my contract is up in november for full upgrade thinking about getting the 7+
your fav could literally never.
i have got to find him at this subway stop and watch in person
nooooo, rip hatchet-face. ilu girl.
i watched crybaby a lot as a kid
but first shooting some dice on the streets
could not be more out of place
son? educate me? are u serious? i know the case better than anyone. happy to converse after u read this
do you think cosby was innocent too?i was at the sentencing. i saw the men who put him away. you're going to smear them?
i have a machine that turns me into stephon urkell's suave white friend "luscious miesel"
you put a $20 bill inside the stephon urkell machine it comes out 23 single dollar bills tucked into a g string
plus, convention coverage was the khans (brilliant) &amp; bill with balloons.
if you watched, you heard plenty of personal tales of people she helped
lmfaoooo i'm not laughing at your pain but this tweet is jokes
lmao i'm dead dying i'm about to face an 8th when i get home
if you're actually interested in jewish history, i suggest you actually read a book on it. but i doubt you will.
i don't give a fuck about "jewish history".
ahead of next week's events, play your part &amp; help us tell everyone why the matter.
will it be played on super bowl sunday?
&amp; why not?
i love to flirt ..its fun...doesn't mean i wanna pick you up and let this have tickle your insides
it's interesting how it is shortening the links only for the desktop site, while it works great on my 3rd party app
i think this is fully a template error for this specific view. data same for all clients.
blurry bill murray
it's my birthday and i'm outside! so close to the front. do i have a chance of getting in?
reality check! forget ...this is the "o" promised transformation of america...all $71.5 mill in 2017!!!
you're 100% correct. divert attention from: 1) iana's illegal transfer 2) arrival of 110k refugees both due oct 1st
dude i never text when i drive but i recognized your vehicle from instagram and realized i'm driving in front of you. fun times
haha, right on man! let's meet up sometime. would love that.
its tbh a great place for it
don't know how that relates but when i pass by all the aisles of plywood &amp; 2x4s &amp; come upon the patch of indoor plants i feel sad
y'all got me fainting
what are you fellas up too tn
. totally slayed this live performance of "body say" - watch it now!
ffs take a minute and dig extra deep for some originality when it comes to tour costumes!
lol i resent them
i mean i get it.. but it's also very annoying haha! the gifs has made group me enjoyable again tho
me: let's get tequila shots after work! him: let's do hot yoga. me: him: me: *grabs yoga mat*
boo! party pooper! drinks &gt; than working out. no contest.
perhaps i would've otherwise been more helpful if you didn't assume hostility. i don't offer respect where none is given.
no one "oppressed" jews. that's just a bunch of bullshit you repeat.
accounting -
sounds like "ants in my eyes" johnson!
dining room table lol one of like 3 huge bags, i was like, "clearly you are a nail polish queenpen!"
bags / baskets / whatever it was a situation lolz
ushers release party wit it. @ new york, new york
tell him i just karaoke-ed lovers and friends and sang my heart out.
trump says clinton is against 2nd amendment, jokes about disarming her bodyguards: 'let's see what happens to her'
is ignorant. scrtsrvce trained to use guns. are all citizens? no comparison. think.
goid thing judy canceled your order ha!
no shit huh? especially if it had silicon bewbies.
finally puts to rest questions over 's birthplace. has more @ 9 on the "birther" controversy
megyn kelly, so sorry to hear that you have been outed as a hillary rotten clinton supporter. that's really sad for you
i'm getting off snowball
alright ill cya
need a glennyballs &amp; hot dog eating contest asap
im a distance eater. not a sprinter
im bad at like everything i really wanna just have art to be proud of but alas i am ass at that too... huff
your art is better than mine and you're fifteen
son? educate me? are u serious? i know the case better than anyone. happy to converse after u read this
there's a special spot in hell for people who look the other way, and an alcove in hell for enablers who smear adult survivors.
i heard it's because you taste good.
i think you mean "good taste" mr. squirrel.
i feel like tom petty is criminally underrated.
i knew you'd have me with this
racism alert &amp; u don't even know how black communities are purposely kept in poverty from succeeding in schools
as a cj major i learned a lot about how corrupt ppl are &amp; how shitty racists are let into office and won't fund "black neighborhoods"
so another app can change the process architecture that my app sees? wtf...
they can't change the win32 call, but every environment var on windows can be fucked with
donald trump went from being a birther towards president obama to now implying hillary clinton being shot! he's operating like dictator.
and is still s candidate for presidency!! go figure!!
how long are you here!!! also what are you doing here??
i'm leaving sunday morning and i'm visiting colleges out here
comedians eviscerate jimmy fallon's shameful trump pandering
really bad move. what was he thinking? or not thinking.
made her a hat of her own hair to tell her i am dtf &amp; ready to make l*ve
a hat of her hair
i once wrote a college paper drawing parallels between "shoeless joe" &amp; philosophical theories of paul ricoeur.
i wrote a 10 page paper about the use of the word "varnish" in shoeless joe for 's baseball class
if pogba scored henderson's goal, sky sports would've dedicated a channel to him.
poor henderson never get credit i honestly belive he is a heck of a player
i take that from your previous tweets &amp; now this- you have trouble comprehending things? i made my point, take it as ya will
lol ok. thanks for sharing your petty opinion. next time ya see me, be sure to wave
come to gary's 95
sounds good papi
haven't gotten into it yet. probably time to listen to something non-chance
pimp hand is my fav. kinda sounds like "get tipsy". which is an indictment normally but it's a cray song.
and i did not yell at her for two hours bc i know that 6 drinks and late nights are conducive to inevitable slumber
i don't remember this lmao but thank you for getting me home safely you a real one
you're a bears fan? or just a hat. if so, i knew you was always real.
i'm from illinois fam! can't be nothing but real! but naw, not a bears fan.
wait, are those shirts obtainable by regular humans? it'll help me fill my app shirt collection.
not right now - and we're practically out - but we are thinking of making them available, stay tuned!
perhaps i would've otherwise been more helpful if you didn't assume hostility. i don't offer respect where none is given.
that's an ironic statement, coming from someone who just blamed holy roman empire for "oppressing" jews. gtfoh.
bigotry isn't countered by censorship. preventing someone from saying something is less effective than fighting their ideas
when you prevent someone's ideas from entering the discussion, their ideas remain unchallenged and they develop a persecution complex
watch out, mrwise has achieved much in life, he wrote a shaq biography &amp; has a fresnost. degree.i'm sure he's wise
hey, wait, don't forget my knicks book with . i also drove a pedicab in waikiki from 1979-1983. holla.
but no cinnabon?
i would've been mad
it's carol of the bells
thats my fave one
they don't even care, as long as they making they good
i hate them thats why i gotta samsung
i've been working since 7:30am, why the fuck you think i wanna hear about your ultimate frisbee match?
like i had a grown woman day and you wanna chat to me about frisbee
aww condolence
thankyouuuu ):)
as a cj major i learned a lot about how corrupt ppl are &amp; how shitty racists are let into office and won't fund "black neighborhoods"
personally all the drug dealers i know a white lmfao and trashy
yet again the party fighting against the democratic system of racism,slavery, corruption,&amp; incompetence.
yes and trump will be the greatest president since abraham lincoln.
sadly, donald trump would like us to forget his divisive and hateful rhetoric aimed at millions of american citizens. we haven't forgotten.
donna his supporters,reacting to my tweets most of the time very offensive,seems like us is their property,american indians.
lmao! welcome to the club my fam knows i'm certifiable! certifiably insane! lol! in a good way
i was born that way. grin
lest we get distracted this is the real issue...
its only an issue for you.the issue is trump,a sociopath is running for president.
also need 2 wrs &amp; 1 flx nonppr 6pt td's. ware/rawls/d. jackson, hilton/edelman &amp; tryl williams thx
jackson hilton ware
if you're actually interested in jewish history, i suggest you actually read a book on it. but i doubt you will.
the bible says that jews killed jesus. i think that about sums it all up.
wait they really gave nicole and james a wall comp? they never have wall comps in f3...
remember derrick, cody &amp; victoria.. it was kind of a wall comp with the hang gliders...?
dead ass wtf is this. ...
so they really not gonna put no form of tomato paste or sauce. that shit prob dry as fuck.
anyone else see w/alt-right meeting video? ..inspired by donald trump. racists &amp; anti semites in public. i'm scared &amp; speechless.
if hrc's campaign is paying attention they'd use maddows white nationalist meeting as an ad
shine on harvest moon, from the fuv boat.
goshy, gooey, gosh! i wish i was there with ya'll
*one's virtue &amp; honor is but a walking shadow; a poor player, that struts &amp; frets its hour upon stage, &amp; then is heard no more* (1/2)
*...it is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound &amp; fury, signifying nothing.* (2/2) {logic goes from a to b. imagination, everywhere}
this thread is important. i hated self-serving, egotistical adults always forcing my siblings+ i to carry food home
especially since my siblings and i never lacked food. that was just a negative assumption based on the fact my mom has 8 children.
a safe space for poorly educated bigots that make me ashamed to be american
what happened -was watching the video and all of a sudden sign came on "video could not be played" -u compiled all hate nicely
just move was on pelham pkyway n.e. bx
righteous! i'm the stop at 138th/3rd(dirty/creepy,but we like it that way,keeps manhattan riff raff out).
it's wavy bro, and i'm not a fan of huge phone. i have the regular 7
oh i need huge man i have the 6s+ now. so i need the big. but i'm kinda thinking like isn't the same??
perhaps i would've otherwise been more helpful if you didn't assume hostility. i don't offer respect where none is given.
i wasn't asking for your fucking help, seeing as you only know how to regurgitate jewish-propaganda.
64 fucking pitches....i can understand if cessa was getting lit up. how is taking him out prematurely gonna do him any good?!
i love joe and i hate joe. still can't believe that he didn't bring clippard last night
that's not the right attitude to have.
i keep seeing articles that say it's invite only but the line is sooo long tonight. no way they're all invites??
is it everyday repent?? after redemption, what next. don't you know your prosperity will lead others to christ??
"woe is unto me, if i preach not the gospel! 1 corinthians 9:16, your prosperity will never get anybody saved, preach!
i drove by thereeee. abby wouldn't let me turn into the appointments only center and get a photo.
how did you know ??
.: "we know the president was born in america."
how does it feel being manipulated by the left?
i knew you'd have me with this
yeah, it's weird, he's even underrated by me. but then when i hear the tunes, i think, why isn't this guy more appreciated?
cp winning mvp
chandler parsons? bold!
just move was on pelham pkyway n.e. bx
howdy neighbor
former suffolk county exec steve levy hits the nail on the head in this pitch perfect oped.
please- it's steve levy- really?
just got the news that my uncle passed away this morning
he's surely in the better place now
.: "it was just this week that the media had the lowest approval numbers in the history of polling."
question? why is obama considered african american. does he not have a white mother? is he not mullato in fact?half&amp;half?answer!
dad and i are bringing tyler to you
i'm a lil baby
most famous children of zeus
"cecil" is back!
gray bedrooms that are anything but dull:
frigid like its occupants.
wishing i had taken my own advice
sometimes the best advice is the advice you give other people.
this guy would like examples of hateful or racist things has said.
saying about immigrants, "they're bringing drugs. they're bringing crime. they're rapists. and some, i assume, are good people."
it's true that i have been cooking more. still aiming for rick rubin though!
must say --at first, i really did think it was you...
bout to check out alabama shakes live. this is bucket list shit. brittany howard is on my short list of most amazing voices in music history
you will be blown away. enjoy
perhaps i would've otherwise been more helpful if you didn't assume hostility. i don't offer respect where none is given.
i don't see how jews gave jesus any respect, considering that they fucking killed him.
blunt and chillin now
feet up drink in hand
i'm thinking my van should be named minivan morrison. it's a caravan and i'm an idiot.
but u cld also stripe it like evh's guitar &amp; voila...
watch: trump calls for clinton's "bodyguards" to drop their weapons and "let's see what happens to her."
again he's putting a price in hilary's head ... this is not ok
oh i just figured this out. both awful. am voting libertarian.
no such thing: that just a vote for trump.
my kingdom for a ticket to this production.
i think the whole off-bway prod might be on youtube!
press' polite refusal to deal w/ trump's birtherism last year was media malpractice
absolutely &amp; had they done their job right, trump wouldn't be in the running now. media created this calamity!!
especially since my siblings and i never lacked food. that was just a negative assumption based on the fact my mom has 8 children.
it was so embarrassing being forced to carry home bags of nasty ass school lunch back home in front of peers on the bus/train
2 beer queer christopher
i'm more of a four beer
this is some bullshit
it isn't you bitch, it's in the oven! go order your grubhub, i'm a serving tonight!
omfg it's on the news app!! (excuse my wacky hair and stamp)
so what was the 930 pan flute show like?
it's also interesting from a historical perspective to see a newspaper do it. retractions in real time online. or edits. :)
agreed i have to explain all the time that mashable stories have 3 headlines
i just left the williamsburg location. that carrot cake ice cream is nothing short of special.
thank you!
is ignorant. scrtsrvce trained to use guns. are all citizens? no comparison. think.
so when was the last time a secretservice agent committed a gun crime? no comparison.
trump hoping for clinton to be shot?
second time he plants this idea in his supporters minds.
have tissues ready. stay hydrated. have someone nearby to clutch.
thanks for the warning ...still really early on for me...still need some support, tho. i can see it coming.
ppr, pick 2, rawls, foster, j stewart? pick 1 mariota or flacco - 6pt passing tds
rawls stewart flacco
our veterans-especially prisoners of war and those missing in action-deserve nothing less than our utmost respect.
my husband is a vietnam vet, &amp; we are
i'm now on vacation! nine days of uninterrupted cawfee, , shopping, cooking, baking and stinkerbelle love! yay!
i yelled dawgggg at my dog today and i thought of you instantly after: my inner jersey came out
hey thanks for teaching me the ways of the block.
don't bring me into this. i don't wanna get pee on me.
i asked my boyfriend if he would start me a wikifeet profile when i get famous and he said no - he is fired!!!
somehow one exists for me and it's maybe my greatest accomplishment? but also creepy.
i feel deep despair. trump uses &amp; demeans everyone -- including supporters. i saw it every day for 18 months. america doesn't seem to care.
lots of people are on your side. to use an old phrase from my youth, "keep the faith!"
this might be ignorant but how do we know what jesus looks like? like visually
not only that but physically i wanna know what made him a god. like what if i got the same shit...
there's a pepsi patrol when coke is the soft drink sponsor at citi field now?
sorry was so excited i caught tshirt i forgot its called citi patrol!
needs to be a thing
thumbs up i agree. same goes for .
when i get drunk and scared i start getting really awkward, so i've already told 10 scare actors that i think they're cute.
just make out with them
1rb 1 flex ppr woodhead, ware, ingram, abdullah, maclin and sterling shepard
ingram ware
this is not me sunbathing near the whale carcass
i would have unfollowed you, blocked you, and deleted all your tweets- part of your unknown to me! would have been destroyed
yep, that's where i live now! the bronx deplorables!
the bronx deplorables! i'm sorry-that's just cool.sounds like we can play the yankees.
: if you close your email signature with 'name, esq.' you're a twat. if it's your personal email: you are the worst person ever.
before i graduated law school, i wanted a personalized license plate that read wmd esq. but then i grew up.
welcome to paris &gt;
was right. paris is not paris anymore. such a gorgeous city. what a crime.
carlin' stuff in the 70's and 80's is brilliant. he was a genius. then he got old and cranky.
with you 100% on hicks. you're not wrong about carlin but he did keep sharp and held important conversations.
missed june 16-20 2014. that was end of session. 30% of votes in 2014 on those days.
do you know why?
"a thin line between love and hate" is my favorite martin lawrence movie.
mainly because of lynn whitfield.
we can handle anything they throw at us
your lips to god's ears
this might be ignorant but how do we know what jesus looks like? like visually
i can't turn water into wine but can make a few girls 69...that's gotta count for something.
fuckin twitter always there to redownload so you can type hanus rants
look who it is
listening on demand to this mornings show. laughing audibly. so funny. ok. nonppr rawls or ware?
ware, thanks!
hungry &amp; freaking humid ! still cranking the ac getting my bacon fix ! lol
we have 71 not bad at all!!
not saying it's right, or not a double standard, but no attack will stick to or dent trump.
when will they learn.......
maybe they're hungry
are they rabbits
tonight's tourney will be a 3v3 ps4:) at 12:30 est! like and rt if hyped!
need two for 3v3 dm asap
there are no words for this. i hope can help these people with this.
it's as if her supporters just accept she's a crook
am i crazy for starting bortles over luck?
not crazy but not recommended
that's your energy?
honestly i've only been good to you, i don't deserve questions like that.
lmao did he ever come back tho?
thank god yes
1. i'm in a strange situation tonight of knowing the answer to a q being asked: did the 2008 hillary campaign push the birther conspiracy?
interesting. but doesn't that assume it wasn't known to be false? would you be asked to find support for a known falsehood?
hella juiced
i'm starting them now
it was so embarrassing being forced to carry home bags of nasty ass school lunch back home in front of peers on the bus/train
especially after saying, "no, we don't need it. we're really okay." like, go tf away. stop harassing kids. stop. harassing. kids.
in love with this
glad to hear it :)
good news for those who get angry when there aren't enough games at 4pm et. we have 5 late games for you this week .
thanks to , i have discovered the sensory overload of . i am hooked to this way of watching the nfl!
it is like comparing cosmetic surgery to amputation.
so-called "circumcision" is nothing more than ritual genital mutilation, but w/ fancy name.
mafia membership charts lmao
on god that woman sharing that link is the corniest shit i've ever seen
ppr pick 2 duke, gio, t. coleman, abdullah
duke and gio
you make me smile tag a friend who makes you smile
carson, you're music makes me *smile* :-)
amen, only one father and lord. to call others that is a sin
i pray to be brave-i won't lie; i see europe, iran and i'm scared. but we live in the times we do for a reason.
like, she put on lashes and a dress. am i missing something?
...she's gonna unfollow and block me for that.
tower unite's casino update is super fun. i'm glad that you can have a casino game in 2016 not suck ass and it's just great.
oh wow i wish i could play this damn game
dad bought 256gb 7+iphone i asked him what new features he was looking forward to. he said "idk all i know is that it's the newest" bruh
he only used 20gb on his 128gb iphone 6+ bruh
seeing woody allen's manhattan with
woody sent a note read by tony roberts "i wish i could have been there but, thank god, i had a previous engagement"
it is like comparing cosmetic surgery to amputation.
if u wish to refer to ritual genital mutilation as "cosmetic surgery", then so be it.
edward snowden says he will vote in presidential election, but won't reveal his preference:
what an idiot.
she doesn't want law abiding citizens to have arms, why should she? liberal hypocrisy and elitism.
trump's lies. what hillary said is we need more investigation of ppl before issuing a permit.
taking back ny one tweet at a time
hahaha! we'll have to tweet a lot. i'm pretty sad bc i lost my best friend in nyc over all of this
does londonbreed mean bullshit ass-blog or bullshit ass-blog or bullshit ass-blog?? in her love letter to ?
there's lots of poop on the sidewalks in this city!
future sounds smooth as hell thru these speakers tho
why you trynna get us jealous tho
when aren't liberals butthurt?? trump kicked ass with jimmy fallon!!!
that's why jimmy is at night. they wanted him to act like that idiot stephen colbert.
i think girardi throws darts at a board to determine his pitching substitutions
he overthinks way too much. another pitching change.
let's do this together . all communities have to feel they're understood by &amp; know they're treated fairly.
how is this being treated fairly? crime at an all time low yet conspiracy+ gang raids on families:
view in transit mode. click on route or stop. select line (not stop, may have to do 'view on map') , scroll down, add to favorites
that got it! thanks. not super clear. tried to do it from a route.
those are high-end and one of them explodes. need one that runs latest os but to keep on my desk to test android apps
also the z5 hasn't been updated to the latest os yet, so scratch that.
who wins this deal obj. theo riddick, dion lewis, greg olsen allen robinson, gronk, duke johnson , half point ppr
if it fills needs on both sides it's fine
taking back ny one tweet at a time
he stopped speaking to me
i think it's the multiple partner issue. much like nate parker. consent to 1 guy consent 2 all
tho in the nate parker case, wasn't the other male indeed found guilty of assault?
we need to know what she said.
those pants give me life can i borrow them lol you look gorgeous in the outfit
i used a coupon, it was delivered today and i'm making shrimp and grits tonight.
i couldn't deal with all the packaging waste
some are too.
perfect list! adore s.varney, b.baier keeps an edge.cwallace tries but getsreally pc &amp; bitchy at times
when you prevent someone's ideas from entering the discussion, their ideas remain unchallenged and they develop a persecution complex
instead of shutting them up or refusing to engage them, challenge their wrong/gross opinions. force them to think critically
should i trade spencer ware for jordan matthews. standard scoring. season long
ok with that
i mean. that's kinda awesome especially in light of the double meaning of wmd. but yes. old coworker had chiclaw. nope.
yeah, i like the wmd initials.
exit velocity on yoenis cespedes' ground ball rbi single was 107.5 mph.
not being rude but cespedes is "meh" to me. all the cars and the horse? its like come on bro!
financial aid for illegal immigrants!? the latest in 'campus craziness'
president trump will stop all of this politically correct crap.
what happens?
they got ff last map in the prime. wrong rules
turn up at the hospital
let's get freaky
i love you soph
love you to bella!
the romans did, as the romans were occupying their territory at the time. are you justifying anti-semitism?
nope, it was the jews who killed jesus. the bible says so:
there's another 4:58 left of that freestyle lol
i heard it all but it's still trash and he's whack for coming at meek. it's all for his new album promo
happiest of birthdays to my little love. thank you for sharing your heart with me all of these years. enjoy!
aww thank you so much
. on trump &amp; the birther story: "i don't think the information has changed. the politics have changed."
do that mean your a birther say it aint so
that looks great! i'm at the southwest terminal and it blows haha
i have an extra night in sf before heading back to the east coast tomorrow am! got to eat and drink as far as i can till then!
off we go. come on yew.
adorable kids
some of our lady leaders and best: conductor andrea brown, and drum major mckenna thayer
oh! i love this picture. did she tell you that she used to be my roommate?
yeah u like beer all over you i see
i've never drank a day in my life lolz
missed june 16-20 2014. that was end of session. 30% of votes in 2014 on those days.
she was with her sick and dying mother, you jerk.
trade offer i get ware, deangelo, watkins for l.miller... my team below
would hold off
there is no such thing as a bad architect, only bad contractors.
spoken like a good architect. with excellent taste in buildings and vehicles.
: those are fantastic initials to have on a license plate, though.
i hear it's the bomb. (that line from the wire killed me.)
thanks gunnar!
shit it's all love! brooklyn soon please
this is the dumbest thing has tweeted all day.
...except i hadn't seen this one. david brooks tells kaepernick to get off his lawn.
that's what you get for tryna be cute
i was rushed
the romans did, as the romans were occupying their territory at the time. are you justifying anti-semitism?
jews were slaves, thus jews didn't have any "territory". what the fuck are u even talking about? slaves' territory? gtfoh.
i have a whole "short story" to read by sunday
shit is 250 pages, what's short about that?
listening to the your lie in april theme song and getting all misty-eyed again...
oh god this show killed me
instead of shutting them up or refusing to engage them, challenge their wrong/gross opinions. force them to think critically
censoring bigotry is equally as counterproductive as pretending it doesn't exist. bad idea a should be torn apart. loudly and publicly.
don't know if the frazier kid will be ready but i'd rather him learn in the bronx than watch gardner anymore.
i'd like to see mason williams get a look too. has trouble staying on the field but looks like a ballplayer
waiting on that video to export like...
excuse me, where did you get that leather jacket?? im in great need of a good one!!!
that note 7 shit is awful bruh. my job is so stressed because of that shit
hey they didn't specify the phone. lol. but they said it was a battery that was removed from the device
king, standard league. do i go gurley, martin, yeldon this week. need 2 of 3.
gurley martin
my favorite fan base to talk is louisville. especially since no one in their athletic department has a past
blows my mind people are thinking fsu/ul is better than bucks vs sooners
the romans did, as the romans were occupying their territory at the time. are you justifying anti-semitism?
rome wasn't "occupying" anything. judea was literally part of the roman empire.
today sept 16 was a lunar eclipse in pisces 24 degrees. you can feel things wrapping up-the push to finish. did hear any startling news?
no. i am sick and still trying to get a job. aquarius with virgo rising.
like right now, no alcohol my people fell through. i'll take everyone out to eat wings after
why do you not have a fake
what if i want amy grant
it was my passive way of saying i'm probably keeping amy grant
lol yesss i'm fine.. some days you just need a break and i know me so i needed some me time.... i was at a breaking point...
nah i understand. tell your son i want some cake lol
love this pic
so do i tracy!!! you and i didn't get a picture this time! at least we live in the same state!!
good bye twitter, after almost 4 years. it's been a blast.
good luck! have fun in munich!
trade advice...gurley and marvin jones for mike evans and sims???
keep gurley and jones
yup. it's a long list.
anything but democrat, progressive, or left. right?
wow, a new record for blatant disregard for cyclist safety. your sf drivers are out of control!
most seem to be on the way out but it was impressive to see them all lined up there. no idea how long they were parked.
instead of shutting them up or refusing to engage them, challenge their wrong/gross opinions. force them to think critically
censoring bigotry is equally as counterproductive as pretending it doesn't exist. bad ideas should be torn apart. loudly and publicly.
brett anderson into the 5th inning for okc . still only 1 run allowed on 3 hits. game tied 1-1 now
he's actually able to pitch!?? wow! that's new! good 4 him.
not even by accident?
nope. i bought the trick r treat and krampus comics. it was never a thing my brother or i got into
oooh honestly?
bday weekend, yesterday sept 15 was my bday
reminded me of resnais of the same period but only because my brain isn't very good and i'm drawn like a moth to resnais
it's not very representative of their later films
my only options are you or a male escort
i'll come only if i can hook up w any hot relatives u might have
the trending algorithm is finally working
a perfect world
hahahah so floppy i love them
right same!
you have very good song choice buddy
ty i try very hard.
well, we got 3:1 for our pick-5 play...but at least we won:-)
who's better then u living large trotter!!
you can listen to an audio recording of this morning's discussion on prop q here:
prop q needs to pass!
would you accept this trade, tajae sharp for rashad jennings ? if ur running backs are foster and elliot? is sharp worth more
cannot be comfortable with foster as a regular
in memory of albee i'll be reenacting the entirety of who's afraid of virginia woolf from memory at the 6th floor elevator bank at 10:30
come through
, we'd love to feature your tweet! if you agree, reply with . t&amp;cs:
you may feature my tweet. ty!
first thoughts in person: smudgy, looks kinda cheapy/plastic like the 5c
it did have a very plastic feel, but i like how the color blends with the screen. still would prolly get regular black.
that's the most disrespectful yet polite thing i've heard today.
right? like, i couldn't be angry?
awesome! thanx for the feature.
this was perfect. such a great concept, vee
but he's getting a ring
steph has one of those
my new neighbors have a trampoline and i'm never sure if a kid is getting murdered or having a great time based on the constant screaming.
our neighbors have a trampoline and a back porch ping pong table. super jelly.
been there done that , more then one , odd they say they r the tolerant ones
they're "tolerant" has a different definition than what we thought.
the electric mayhem, one of my favorite bands (i'm serious)
get ready for "reach &amp; frequency and the roi orchestra". coming to a bar near you
i was saying nope because i'm totally out if it's faces of death. or i'll just spend that time cowering in the lobby.
lol do you get disgusted that easily?! they said you have been warned! we have left during movies before
great points by the doctor. cross ownership / relocation guidelines proved not worth paper written on
nfl can do what they want. it's clear to me that they support raiders move to las vegas &amp; will assist
i can't even think about leaving the house without my grandma trying to feed me like a baby
lolllll i forgot she was visiting facetime me later lmao
been there done that , more then one , odd they say they r the tolerant ones
blah! *their* (duh!)
my fake id says i turn 22 tomorrow!! happy almost birthday to me!!!
its not a fake id lol its your sisters
ira. you bet! rivelli nearly guaranteeing moms choice. "i'll be surprised if she doesn't win." thx to larry &amp; jose..
now u guys are only down a few hundred for the day..lol
i'm now a leafy copy. going to start making commentary videos. is going to be the animator. :d
so you want to be a cringy youtuber? just like ?
san francisco, los angeles, san diego, houston, and phoenix all have roundtrip flights from toronto down at $250, taxes in....
sf is always a great time!!!
your a complete joke you think ryan is conservative.your a complete fraud and will probably vote for her
what? who said that? ryan's a quisling est statist lib puke
nigga complaining to me about working 3 hours like are you kidding me? put on your big boy pants and stfu.
i worked 16 hours today
not my favorite part of a new phone: setting up 20 new two factor auth codes in authenticator.
use authy instead, if you trust them with a backup
caller on : "you can't go five minutes in a bike lane without running into somebody illegally parked."
5 minutes might be an eternity, more like 2.
the red army raped many. same as today. cause? &gt;
you are sure right about that. still can't believe that is paris. looks like sf (where i live)
12t-1pt.ppr-dynasty. j.langford or t.rawls for keeper?
doubt u have to make that decision now, see how things play out
a man literally too stupid to be commander in chief.
apparently melania briefed him that the chinese now produce our nimitz class carriers.
just sheered the goat for easy slicin
yay! i'll bring the best goblet from my china cabinet!
i'm guessing 75% of those views were people just scrolling through their feed. no way that many ppl watched on phone
100% in view for 3 seconds was the measurement
easy for you to be saying that from "california"
we are only in pleasanton too. haven't even really hit "california" territory.
when u havent seen your bestfriend in 3 yrs but she in ny for the weekend
that's me while i clean....... waitingggggg
that's idiotic "logic." i went 2 georgetown, hate psu &amp; the paternos. i'm the only person who has investigated case objectively
thank you, louis freeh. john, it's not that i doubt your passion or conviction. but i've heard and know of too many of the kids
i really really really dont like the man
needs a shovel to the face asap.
my brother is a 35 year old police detective and i'm still thrown when people call him by his actual first name.
my sister is a 34-year-old police detective and i'm still thrown when i see her in the news.
ladies, would you be offended if a guy asked you not to wear makeup or a weave on a first date?
brand new tune
fucking how????
well, you had a 1/100 chance of this happening so...
i wouldn't complain if they double-featured it with heavy weights.
that would be the best line up ever
can't wait til the day i find my true bae and we do hood rat stuff like skinny dip in a closed pool
thats the thing that comes to mind when you think of hoodrat shit?
this fool isn't being subtle at all is he he should be arrested right now
second time trump has called for hillary to be shot. he is a vile piece of garbage &amp; the media needs to start doing their job.
successful? you're calling it that?
you called it disastrous. it's ok to disagree with some of the moves, but the word you used is moronic. they improved a lot
someone come w/ me to see no name in brooklyn.
this is a real life request
that ride on realm was absolutely dreadful
it never ends with u and the rides u get..did u ever think it's ur picks?
i've said we'll see that 'next e3' way too many times now lol
can we just hire toa and be the main actors?
born sagi &amp; aquarius, we want to buy investment property. when is best day to sign offer &amp; acceptance? asap would be better.
no asap bad while mercury is retro and an eclipse. never do big things on eclipses--it's watch+wait time. act sept 25-26.
have you ever read the book shoeless joe?
i have never read the book. is it a good one?
witcher 3, obvi. anyone who's played both knows the answer to that.
you know what's up. on the roach again...
msnbc, politico, bloomberg, cnn, confirm: hillary clinton's 2008 campaign spread '' about barack obama
i want to hear some apologies from news people like big mouth chris cuomo.watched him today swear up and down it wasn't hill
evidence are in front of you. all you have to do is search you'll find the answers yu need. i.e his refugees &amp; immigration plan
world is a little more complicated than that. you might want to take a look at some books like those by dan tichenor.
censoring bigotry is equally as counterproductive as pretending it doesn't exist. bad ideas should be torn apart. loudly and publicly.
white college liberals: don't get say "if you're a racist don't talk to me." ur privileged enough to challenge racism w/o fear of violence
radical presbyterian attacks new york cop with meat cleaver.
i heard it was a catholic man. you know how those catholics are.
still a few minutes left to win a copy of on either , or (your choice). what is your favorite shoot-em-up and why?
raystorm is my favorite. the visuals, amazing soundtrack, and fast-paced space combat were thrilling! played the demo for hrs!
it's old adrian
this pic fake because they don't have a tiny glass filter
i love my school and friends so much
i love all those guys 2!!
need 2 for week 2: woodhead, yeldon, gio, sims, abdullah, henry. thanks
woodhead yeldon
no sir thx 4 the info! very enlightening!
glad to be of service!!! ;-) feel free to ping me if other issues come up.. i come up a few nuggets of 411 here in silly valley
ladies, would you be offended if a guy asked you not to wear makeup or a weave on a first date?
please vote
so much respect
bless, thanx marina!
working behind the scenes with for their pop up shop downtown. opens to the public...
is grindin heavy in these streets
i would like a case of these please! i'm not a suburban mom.i do have a van though..
i'll take a couple cases, i'll sell them at the next pta fund raiser
julius thomas or gary barnidge in .5 ppr and standard? should i drop k white, c michael, or p dorsett for chris hogan?
barnidge drop white
the train? every gloria i know is offshore w/the navy. all gloria's fleeting.
there it is
do i suck dick now or what
you're top tier and don't even play as much as everyone else. no d ride
shabbat shalom! j holidays approaching
good shabbos
this is dreadful stupidity from the mayor. someone veering across one's path into the bike lane is a real hazard.
parent w/ a car putting her convenience ahead of the safety of a parent/child on a bike.
hike far enough into the woods &amp; it gets a little loco. can you believe this random rock?
high peaks area?
in reality the yankees don't have a lick of pitching to contend in the playoffs even if they made it. red sox won't go far either.
this is what i been saying any al east team has no pitching either way
why do girls comment on pics telling each other how hot they are. are they masturbating to the pics like guys do
shine theory
clinton campaign manager admits 2008 staffer sparked birther myth. join me now on
appeared as dem liars except 4 dobbs, hannity payne, jeanine, faulkner &amp;varney
soon, get hype~~ written by: connor cosgrove
got 9 pages complete, many to go but i'm gettin it done!!~ we're real excited about this, hope y'all will be tooooo! ^o^
does today's full moon affect taurus' career?
maybe your rising sign does. read for your sign+your rising sign. treat both equally. i can't see yr chart
networking: 5-min podcast highlights from cr incubator hangout w/networking queen
i'll take networking queen, better than the queen of mean!
jay bruce. just don't know how to think about this right now. conforto has to start getting some at bats sooner rather than later.
what has conforto done ?
mature is busted
crazy how korea has her ranked at like 11-15 tho.
would you move blount and travis benjamin for watkins and matt jones
ok with that
is that from a movie?
sadly, no. just my fears talking.
is the loreal pro matte really worth the hype? what are good af drug store foundations pls anyone help (don't say milano 2 in 1)
maybelline fit me has good coverage tbh
and btw, i went to see "fahrenheit 911" with an open mind before dismissing it with facts/logic. too bad you can't do the same.
in order to believe that joe didn't know, you have to believe three separate testimonies under oath -- and emails -- were lies.
listening to thinking about how lucky is right now cuz he's in brooks atkinson theatre watching the real thing
act one just ended and i loved every minute
i don't watch every show. i love lou dobbs, hannity, stuart varney,o'reilly, neil cavuto,
totally agree. hannity is fun &amp; edgy. lou, varney &amp; o'reilly real pros!
there's a big ass spider in my room what do i do
it's still there, fuck this i'll just wait until tomorrow morning when the housekeeper comes
this guy would like examples of hateful or racist things has said.
here's a great example
honestly how does that even happen? everybody was told it was a home game..
lmfaoooooooooo wtf was she on?
matches may begin! vesper banned brackets: seed closest to 0 hosts no shows at 9:25 est report on battlefy
how long is dq for first round
i put my fingers up there
are your fingers are addicted to your nose?
i don't know yet but i really hate working in film and i hate living in la and i am going to leave for the northwest in a year
up in the forest, with our sasquatch brethren
fun fact: i decided not to see hamilton and am seeing matilda the musical tonight instead
update: it's intermission and the lady next to me asked me to stop crying noisily twice already
there's a few things that really bug me out. eye damage is a big one. still never seen thriller: a cruel picture (1973).
that's been on my list of films i want to see. vinegar syndrome always has a fun film, demonoid, night train to terror.
listen to clean my wounds
help me jesus
ok, i feel better about this.
now my youngest sibling is in the academy and what. how am i going to deal with that?
no, i've always assumed there was a reason but it's not a lie.
she has a 96% attendance record &amp; cast paper ballot votes will caring for her dying mother.
buck doesn't approve of me browsing por-i mean twitter
thats just a creepy pic of nathan.. he's staring into thy soul.
and double your attendance as soon as stadium is finished. why would he bolt when lv will be p5 soon after stadium finished?
it's for the raiders y'all piggy backing! why don't you go now?
yeah your rite
yes ur sarcasm is a real hoot!!
okay amy grant's still on the table. will send u photo'd collection next time i go to ct &amp; u can decide
if i still have the waterfalls single tho i'm keeping... left eye was my 1st crush. took so much 4 6yo me 2 ask for that tape
amber rose gives the best masturbation advice...
what doesn't have at least 10 dods on speed dial
snowden's former boss: "he never actually had access to any of that data. he just simply grabbed some powerpoints."
to be fair fedspace is ppt
we need a location location for this pothole please. ^jt
valencia and 24th
that's been on my list of films i want to see. vinegar syndrome always has a fun film, demonoid, night train to terror.
they screened dolemite last time. that was funny and kind of dumb
it's not letting me watch the video
watch on yt
got so caught up with stuff, forgot to give you a hard time about ashleigh banfield's hyperbole earlier. the "great" philip bump.
what hyperbole
washed club
u callin me washed dang
sm i just read an article on the date change of signs due to rotation of earth axis, how to adjust?
changes nothing. i am collaborating with a reporter of a major trusted newspaper on a story. i will tweet when ready,
really tho
and her dumbass friends went along too
there is a freshman mouth breathing in my ear i hate core classes
i feel this so hard
when all you want to do is go shopping at target just because..
white girl alert over here
please provide location of the issue. ^jt
16th and missouri
: is awesome.ty who got me started
this looks so professional
maybe our needs to be police tape. more murders on the overnight. what happened to the good ol' fist fight to settle things
this is true
the banana gods. "-d
of course should have known. then again as a froggie perhaps lord of the flies........
congrats on the great show! backstage beauty with ...
crackin' blouse!
she has a 96% attendance record &amp; cast paper ballot votes will caring for her dying mother.
stop lying and attacking a single woman for caring for her sick and dying mother, you jerks.
10 team standard league - randall cobb or emanual sanders? 12 team ppr - duke johnson or arian foster? thanks
cobb foster
shocked his isn't breaking news. thanks , just in" much better than usa saying it's breaking
any room for respect in your little brain?
i honestly believe that in 2-3 generations, the "us vs them" mentality propagated by gop voters will be all but eliminated.
while i laud sentiment that us-vs-them will be eliminated in future, there is an endemic % of sociopathy &amp; win/lose mindset
why is scorpio only 6 days long? am i part of a special club now?
don't believe what you are hearing. scientists are not astrologers, and they think they are. hopeless.
they should let us program a show someday.
i wish i had the money to have a film marathon. the line up would be
idk man they really like him as a person and i guess he convinces them he can still hack it
"make dan cleary great again"
why should you help? i'm cursed by the power of darkness.
well i have powers,but do you want me to help?i know how it's like to be like that
thas two people very interested in my beverages and how to personally obtain them in a small number of hours. the price of fame, mais non?
yr handle is already the best energy drink name
please advise
not true. i will have a long essay for you, but i am writing it. change nothing.
i only eat the cookie after i scrape off then throw out the oreo creme. don't @ me.
this is the one and only time i'm happy you're moving to canada
up in the forest, with our sasquatch brethren
we miss you at family dinners. it'll be good to have you home.
whats your team name?
litty titty
you and someone of mr. hughes caliber should know that he's basically a celebrity. i agree with you. but $$$$
so brad pitt should be allowed a fight in the ufc? come on, it wasn't even close.
what will keep aldub nation alive forever?
as long as a&amp;m are together, adn is here forever...
me: filming : doing makeup we all know which one you are
im fuckingfsdghcc
i'm honestly so relived bc i was so unprepared but i'm mad at myself bc it's my own fault and i could've done better
why am i like this
gee wiz, can't wait for snow
noooo! not snow please! i'm allergic to the cold!
if i dare read/hear a bridget jones spoiler before i get a chance to see it i will punch the person in the throat.
bridget is actually voldemort
yes i love it i wanna be apart of the bukaki clan
you love the asian special
who cheating on this ? if you do you a dub frfr
you don't even wanna know, i just got my heart broken too lmao
.: "for the past 7 years, has pushed this crazy conspiracy theory."
this talentless fowl smelling is scared shitless bc his tv days r over when president takes office
a turban is religious headgear, not a place of birth you pathetic mouth-breathing moron. sheesh...
lol. the only people who call people "mouth breathers" are actual mouth-breathers. well done...:)
don't be afraid to express yourself. | send your music |
just be sure to copyright original material. :)
cringey? your mcpe is cringier.
really? i don't even have a yt channel, how could i be cringy? just saying bruh....
da king in a ppr need 1 ryan mathews, jordan mathews, murray, marvin jones or tevin coleman
jordan matthews
you missing out on life..gungs are the best
i don't have a life sorry
damn too late, i already have three suga' mommas lined up
line em up and lay em down
this is how wants you to spend your halloween...
ehm with her legs trainer blasting quads fuck yeah
this is such a stupid punishment, all for a little bit of smoke.
i mean, it's pretty mild as far as punishments go. nobody is banned or suspended. and it's what, 2 games?
it's fucking me up. i have to re-learn to tap the home button twice after doing it one way since 2007.
giving up after 5 failed attempts at taking a screenshot which opened siri, pay and multiple lock screens
if ur white, don't say "if you're racist don't talk to me," because you're privileged enough to challenge racists without fear of violence
a. i promise a lot of the white people you know are racists b. you're a coward and contributing to the problem if you don't challenge them
when people say im getting "better" on my recent xv vids, but in actuality i was just messing around in the old ones
they don't know your full potential. looking like goku with these youtube videos
majin vegeta would fuck up your religions major deity
why are you like this? lol
kidding. it's still safely attached to my dvd box set.
hey i'm not judging! i actually really want that pin people keep posting about
st. james high, anchovy, albion, glendevon, maldon, etc. a some real murder grounds. pickney a stab you inna yuh neck like a nothing.
lol i don't know why mi find this funny
please advise
interesting that nasa published that article with mercury retrograde and didn't ask one astrologer for info. hubris of science
reminds me of this "indian done american style" restaurant. real thing.
*waiter voice* insult finished with a garnish of stupidity. note the missing oxford comma at the end there!
what sort of problems?
"could not restore from icloud backup"
most of the channels i watch are clearly geared towards the old and dying
i heard that where the host guy was forced to watch hogan's heroe$, sounds like a nightmare!
sorry : the 7 camera is not better than 's galaxy s7 via
well, it's not on fire...
should i post the re:zero preview as per usual tomorrow or u guys wanna go in blind for the last ep of the season?
shut the fuck up
i could watch it once a day. it's weird
weird in a great way.
thank you! si, en mexico after several martinis :) one of our kids took that! but we took a taxi home
the beauty of some vacations not having to drive
i honestly believe that in 2-3 generations, the "us vs them" mentality propagated by gop voters will be all but eliminated.
abnormal psychology, whether congenital, socio-cultural, or induced by environ, will remain w/ humanity into 21st century.
enjoyed while not thinking it was the product of geniuses.
it was probably a product of children of the 80s. ^_^ which, with my nostalgia goggles on, might as well be the same thing.
a turban is religious headgear, not a place of birth you pathetic mouth-breathing moron. sheesh...
and i was talking about obama's headgear, you brainless twit. so, you've really proven you don't use that schnozz of yours...:)
calling him a racist isn't name calling. it's the truth
your candidate started the movement and kept on pushing it so you have no one to blame it but him
spending time w is thoroughly the bomb!
the key is drinking many beers
last year with all your winning teams you only had about 1500 more people per game than unlv. unlv will pass you this year.
well we will see but not really likely only you care! hoop now that's different!
feeling much better with hip. can't wait to get away from work. lol
i hear you hon! very stressful!!
me too. people would be all: holy shit. i didn't know don knotts made so many movies.
i mean i totally would screen lady bugs. because who doesn't love soccer movies
farmer. legend. lipstick mogul? hope you're getting a cut of this .
i wish i was getting a cut also!
just here, listening to mets baseball and lusting over the selena collection.
wait, what's that? i'm a woman and i'm into baseball? crazy.
if trump wins we must again change our surnames! get this message to all diaspora. cloak yourselves!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am thinking of changing my surname to stewart if trump wins.
your candidate started the movement and kept on pushing it so you have no one to blame it but him
again calling him a racist sexist xenophobic isn't calling him names it's telling the truth
locked into the stream rn
aka the dk zone
a turban is religious headgear, not a place of birth you pathetic mouth-breathing moron. sheesh...
so, take a block, mouth-breathing troll.
*waiter voice* insult finished with a garnish of stupidity. note the missing oxford comma at the end there!
(of the choolaah ad!)
volume 1!! get it while it's hot!!
i would but right now i'm at work making the cash to do that when i can and it's a solo act night tonight, ha ha, yay me!
my brother used to drop me off at the public library in the summer so i could spend the day reading plays. i was a cool kid.
i spent an entire summer doing just that; the library had a/c, we didn't. worked my way through the john gassner collections.
blue jeans have a 6,000 year-old peruvian ancestor
no civilization wearing comfortable chino's has yet to fail.
when you stop being stuck up
you act hella brand new, always pretend you don't know me when i see you in public
some random gas station wall i found while buying a cummins
they knew you were coming
who wants to spend their friday night with me?
lets play cs
i've really been enjoying these
aw thanks!!
i'm saving my money for the iphone 6, not 7
i have the iphone 6
i'm sorry ... it was the first thing that came to mind
you keep slaying doll. some people just don't know natural when they see it
. on birther controversy: "for the past 7 years, has pushed this crazy conspiracy theory..."
was little dickie present at the birth. who gives a damn. this is clinton attempt at deflection
i've been meaning to ask you how you like your alexa. what exactly does it do?
i like it. i mainly use it to play music and news and answer any questions. i've been meaning to read more about echo hacks...
hoo along just covered "the hills."
as in the weeknd.
"something new" by is playing on the radio! night made
what station?!
man who shot at george zimmerman's car convicted of attempted murder
that man should've chased zimmerman down the street, picked a fight, lost, and then shot him. apparently that's legal in fl.
a. i promise a lot of the white people you know are racists b. you're a coward and contributing to the problem if you don't challenge them
all "if you're racist don't talk to me," tells me is that you'd rather feel comfortable in your privileged bubble than challenges racists
the japanese tourists waiting for this flight are quite frightened of the evangelical family shouting and waving their hands.
i just want to lean over and say: it's okay, these ones don't have guns.
"now excuse me. i need to go into crate &amp; barrel and be whiter than everything in the window."
who gives a fuck about what this washed up, pock faced, shitty actor says.
crushed that person and a shit ton of hard work. you're also potentially ruining their career.
the last film i pirated was hostel 2. i felt bad after that. i'm always trying to support independent films. spend the money
gonna start having more fun on twitter
yes!!, fun and trouble ;-) its my preferred platform..have you used ?
photoshop lillie's face onto arnold and we good boi
lol this needs to happen
tired old men and women with deep stakes in the status quo.
explaination?
if you look up the definition of a degenerate a picture of michael picardi comes up
i look at you in a picture
"violates a lot of ... assumptions about what ... happens to ... processes" is basically the whole story about containers
good post, biggest misunderstanding is thinking people are working hard to fix bugs in dockerd
wrong! both were for rule of law, anti-corruption, and national security, just like ! how does your candidate stack up?
how do you square w/ illegal donations to bondi &amp; 501(c)4 lobbyists like ?
listen to i live for the weekend by triumph
classic anthem
don't worry everyone! keira knightley has confirmed she is not going bald
thank god for that.
occured to me! because at any given time probbly 1/4 people in butler r drinking coffee/redbull/etc. and cafferien is a laxative
mystery solved
a book by an author from british columbia about baseball. field of dreams was based on that book.
wow never knew that. thanks for telling me about it steve! how's everything going with you?
since reporters won't ask non-infotainment questions, when trump refuses cuban interview push him 4 why he's denying 10 mill to charity.
i like it, but doubt it will ever happen. &amp; like i said , i'm willing to pitch in.
a bt of bad luck with leon's bloop off holder, who will be a factor in 2017 and is outstanding. weird inning to make these moves.
not the best 2 games of girardi's managerial career
we appreciate the follow back! got any big plans for the weekend?
gonna get my dodge washed up and ready for a camping trip to coos bay.
max. but apple, tree, doesn't fall far.
wrong, wrong, incorrect. very hard to identify a statement max's said that isn't just true, but well sourced.
remember when everyone wanted him fired for not being rick peterson? i do.
lol people wanted him fired 3 months ago because harvey got hurt
trust me i wouldn't be here if i wasn't stationed here bruh
lol you been there forever when tf you leaving
it only happens when the moon rises when i'm alone &amp; unloved.
well,i will be your friend :3 my friends call me dragon for short,nice ta meet ya,you look like a kind,loving friend
omg noooo! i love it!! dan never gets in pics and there his is with sweet cotithank you
we need to tag her! he was so sweet with her!
trump calls for removing clinton's secret service detail to 'see what happens' | ap photo
wow trump just doesn't stop. he's dangerous.
wrong! both were for rule of law, anti-corruption, and national security, just like ! how does your candidate stack up?
trump has also shown blatant disregard for laws throughout both campaign &amp; career.
it's the only way to get through to you
i guess it is. i need the money to get there though what do i do
please feel free to quote any inaccuracies. you won't because there aren't any. weird that none of them have even complained.
here you go. you want truth? you want actually help other kids from not getting molested? here:
you just bought another vacation house. go there. you'll be fine
hahahhaha. yes he should enjoy his $600k beach house.
holy shit. i saw that in the theater.
stop seriously?!? i use to watch it all the time when i was "sick" from school. it was always on tv
tired old men and women with deep stakes in the status quo.
please explain.
drinkwater is a savage!!
did ya see the new drinkwater goalie mask?
addison reed has a major league leading 37 holds, the second most is 29.
a stat belonging 1/10 to familia?
it's the only way to get through to you
go tell dad to pay me back
.: "for the past 7 years, has pushed this crazy conspiracy theory."
little dickie is a little dickie. asshole!
just maxed out voting for americans favorite player on every one do is i do and use all 20 votes on
thank you so much !!
married and having kids this was me
damn this guy looks bad ass
ah, nope. sorry! i bet the servers are slammed right now
yeah :-\ hoping that's it
this weeks show is up now w/ music by plus more
an incredible hour representing the best in !
if ur white, don't say "if you're racist don't talk to me," because you're privileged enough to challenge racists without fear of violence
poc deal with racists on a daily basis. they don't get to avoid them. you choosing to avoid &amp; not confront them is white privilege.
hi brian, have you looked at pxc 550? the power on/off feature sounds like you'd be interested in it:
already have the momentums; your flagship bt headset should have everything ;)
i'm in one of those moods where i don't know if i should study, masturbate, or play my ps4
add my ps4 name - theycallmetd
orlando weekly: westboro baptist church parodies melissa etheridge's song 'pulse'
they are repugnant!!
top supports this week , have a great weekend :) (insight by
thank you to
come through
critics are already praising my ability to quickly switch between cardigan and glasses and bosomy cocktail dress and statement necklace
wrong! both were for rule of law, anti-corruption, and national security, just like ! how does your candidate stack up?
trump has shown ignorance of law repeatedly, whether state, federal or international.
watch for new documentary on , guitarist and founding member of chicago:
he was good. tragic death.
traffic. edition
and these two guys
find your purpose. find out why you're still here. why didn't you give up? there's a reason. find it.
im still trying to find a reason why im still here
the movie sully was kinda crazy. i may think about it every time i fly now
i know lol idk if i'm gonna be able to fly now
max. but apple, tree, doesn't fall far.
if you contend max has ever issued a false statement, i'd be interest to hear about it.
can't say we have, but we've heard a lot of good things about it! what's your favorite feature so far?
i that u can adjust the warmth of the screen as it gets darker out so the white light doesn't affect u'r eyes much
i hope max b isn't a vegan bodybuilder now
*cough* clone *cough*
thanks but i haven't hit 5k yet xd
oh you're welcome
ryan howard is slugging .612 since the all-star break.
glad he's hitting better. easy guy to root for
let it be known i never spoke ill of nor did i ever call her basic. i'm a huge fan &amp; love what she has done 4 gay culture
funny how queens like phi phi makes money off of rupaul's name &amp; then attacks ru. phi phi has always been nasty.
the last film i pirated was hostel 2. i felt bad after that. i'm always trying to support independent films. spend the money
because i don't understand why people make a big deal about paying 4.99-9.99 to view a movie. support the damn film
i've heard from (among others) that just require() accounts for much of npm's startup time
yes, well the side affects of require: * more disk io * new code to parse/eval
report: worried is losing his touch |
he has aids!
hoda &amp; kathy lee called. they want their wine glasses back.
plenty of wine glasses to go around! everyone needs a glass of ros!
conforto is a much better defensive player then tda
can he catch?
to see one of my old elementary school friends and to catch up for that brief few minutes brings joy and dread to my heart
and to know that he contemplated taking the easy way out because life got him down shows how easy it is to go to that point
you spend as much money as you need to because this is an essential
easier said than done
wrong! both were for rule of law, anti-corruption, and national security, just like ! how does your candidate stack up?
trump has also no clue about national security, and has supported proliferation of nuclear weapons &amp; dictators.
.: "[] seems to be the one who's coming apart."
i take back the credibility thing megan. you were awful tonight
yall linkin ?
we chatted, 5 1/2 hr distance
choosing classes should be a class of its own for how long it takes me to figure out my schedule.
-- i teach that class -- go anywhere on campus with your medal on you'll get the help you need --
i just found the app
there's an app for that?!!! omg
who else do u go with garton ? it's just a disaster of a pen
it's just a question of execution; i say firing squads at dawn
it's so beautiful outside ! why do i have to sit in a building for 8 hours
your so beautiful outside.. can i get inside for 8 hours? (you see what i did there?)
love and miss you eric! tonight's for you!
love you too bro. kick some tail!
*peace can't be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding. weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.* quantum
*i noticed, even people who claim everything is predestined, &amp; that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road*
i hope they've ordered you a personal limo! nothing but the best for my man herb.
how is it going?
i love this new vibrator more than i loved any of my exes
this shit goes
(a pro tryout is not an nhl contract. it'll be ok)
you still at least had to say, what the fuck?!
critics are already praising my ability to quickly switch between cardigan and glasses and bosomy cocktail dress and statement necklace
"fry is a marvel!" --
again calling him a racist sexist xenophobic isn't calling him names it's telling the truth
. the only reason you aren't offended anymore is because now he's paying you you sold your soul like
actives on bottom left became ridiculously smaller whilst port button became bigger (why?), and enlarge button is a burden.
we didn't actually make anything smaller
the shakiest gun in the west is so casual in its portrayal of genocide. don just mowing down native americans.
i feel the need to see this film, because that title is great
happy to have my license because i can now jam out to one direction without being judged
if this ain't me...
i like the new handle . but we'll have beef if you tweet out sports milfs or 10 second food reviews
i guess ill be bizarro clem?!?
what is it with today's youth that they ass-u-me they know everything about service/foh shit?
idk, bobby, but i came for soccer, and come back because you yelled at the whole bar to move their car when i needed to go
threatening this stuff is over the top though
it is. i don't think it has teeth though. we will find out next time!
photos taken a week apart, nice
give the people what they want!!!
kick into the weekend with swayze, and the all new 2016 edition of road house!
thats notta knoiff
you may want to check with obama's campaign manager about that.
hrc &amp; her campaign never embraced it. trump ran w/ for 5 yrs &amp; built campaign on it.
yes, well the side affects of require: * more disk io * new code to parse/eval
i'm always surprised by how much overhead parse/eval is.
come cuddle i gots lots of room to snug with ya plus room for like 3 pups too
but i'm tryna square up w abx tonight
not laws that have to do with national security! which ones exactly?
he was totally willing to abrogate hague &amp; geneva conventions, as well as nato treaty obligations.
i should have been there
dude they were pretty good. i shall invite you next time!
welp... you cud get one at walmart for $36.05
i rather buy a ouija board but thanks
it's not a event until someone at the table stuffs their food into a to go napkin
now i'm just waiting for the customary taking of the centerpiece to happen
take your bow this weekend. would kill for nfl sunday to look like this.
and all national games.
the game came out &amp; people just forgot me lmfao . it's cool
what you thought was gon happen?
good morning all ! and. good morning honey ! i bet you're so sweet ! just like a
i take a teaspoon of raw local honey each day. wards off allergies.
. and i will be in new york next week, speaking at and the meetup! come say hello.
cool can't wait!
welcome to domino's tweet ordering! tweet or to to start placing your easy order [21:20:19 edt]
will never order from you again... julio was the driver... he sucks
20 rare photos that establish marilyn monroe as the most beautiful woman ever
she was amazingly beautiful. i think she was the most beautiful actress ever!
omg emily!!! congrats!!!
sonia!! yayy!!! thank you!
rip edward albee. unless he never existed in the first place and a drunken couple just invented him to keep their marriage alive.
honestly i'm surprised he's still alive.
i aint know folks still fuck widdit lmao
girl i contemplate deleting my shit daily but my page is so cute
likybo actualy slapyoung so you know im gone chase it
wsp we to eat tonight som
update: mcclatchy actually sent a reporter to kenya to investigate blumenthal's claim
to all democratic fools, oblabla is in fact an african.
"hillary has the resilience it takes to do this job, see when she gets knocked down...she gets right back up." -
the hilldabeast has a body double, teresa barnwell, who is even fooling the flotus into thinking "resilience"! dah
ladies, would you be offended if a guy asked you not to wear makeup or a weave on a first date?
excellent tune kadondo
i'm glad that someone finally reminded john farrell that brad ziegler is on this team. love to see it.
if anyone did, it was brad himself. probably called him up instead of the other way around.
i'm always surprised by how much overhead parse/eval is.
especially many small scopes(slower) over 1 large scope (faster)
post a selfie and how many you get lmao
probably same i'm lame
got me a loss because of these servers....
got dropped a rep and got another loss??? what's good....
prominent latino activist tony yapias charged with rape
hmm actually he looks like a raoist
i want to move to portland so badly!! i'm pumped he's on board with it
nick and i went a couple weeks ago, it's freaking great!
i should be there assuming not sick and no family obligations. dec gets tough
i'm always sending you good vibes sir. if i see you there i'll have to say hi
down, which moon
moon . they don't run out of rice &amp; the close at 2
"i should have blocked ber a long time ago, maybe i'll go stalk her and send questions on curiouscat" lmao go figure
\_()_/ people are weird i get these type of questions all the time
update: omgggg the line is so long to pick up an iphone at ups.
omg girl, how long have you been there?!
that's the nature of attack ads though, particulars don't matter.
only when you don't have honor, like the .
especially many small scopes(slower) over 1 large scope (faster)
i have many thoughts on this topic. twitter may not be the best venue... i should blog or gist
got to come to the nyc area, we would love to have you here at a game
on lirr going home, visited son at nyu. people watching all night, i'm like stranger in a strange land
interviewer: what's your biggest weakness as a person me: compliments cause me physical discomfort interviewer: brave of you to say me: argh
last interview i went with "i have difficulty prioritizing without clear instructions" cuz it's true
can't wait to read your book, cale!
it's so good, melissa!
then now!! congrats to my bff for leaving for her dream school today!! i am so proud of u &amp; ur going to kill it!
i love you so much madelyn thank you for always being so supportive!!! you are amazing my dear can't wait for u to visit!!
please feel free to quote any inaccuracies. you won't because there aren't any. weird that none of them have even complained.
your story is rooted in a monetary score. you shamelessly throw adult survivors of child sexual abuse under the base. enough.
accidentally had a portishead song in my getting ready to go out playlist and i had to sit down for a sec and then change it
have a seat.
you may as well argue that "australia is not racist as people enjoy a good laksa." criminally stupid.
america has lots of african americans...
hillary clinton intends to bring about a race war to be elected president. she has no conscience, no shame, no integrity, &amp; no self respect.
she is an avid student of saul alinsky taught her how to make free country socialist and a race war fits right in w/her plan
i saw that the dots went on sale. i think i am just too resistant to talking to my machines. it makes me feel lonely
i do feel that way sometimes. esp. when i'm asking her for jokes.
. you mean to tell me that disarming people and leaving them defenseless makes them more vulnerable to violent crime? fascinating.
always one of the dumber arguments from the gun nuts (&amp; that's saying a lot).
it's a trade off, you get the pitch and command jumps, you also get the heavy side sessions and game usage.
strasburg broke again despite being handled with the kiddiest of kid gloves (for good reason). i want the ability
rather be set on fjre
concur. on the list of things over which i would die for my country.
who would win in a fight?
voted cloud but sora could give any of those guys a run for their money.
i wasnt ready
all in the feeeeelz
i know i saw we were literally so mad and jealous lmao
haha we stayed in an airbnb is was like $60 a night! it's the best way to travel!
our presidential forecast, updated
president donald trump will be president not hillary clingon. you pseudo people have no clue.
1 ppr... which two of the following: emmanuel sanders, devanta freeman, jordan mathews, melvin gordon.
mathews and sanders
i'm not sure rianna, but i bet support can figure it out! dm them here: *melaniere
&amp; is it just me or does the tmobile app not work?
from what i've heard this might be the best album from a new york rapper in a long time
what that album dropping ?
i still love that trump supporters and hrc supporters are both arguing with assbott without knowing about the other
should be in the debates
nah youd have to do it twice to cover the whole thing
wow. what did i do to you buddy? trolling ppl online doesnt make you cool. just, ya know, fyi.
this shit goes
all my dick appointments are cancelled from here on out lmao
this ad council recycling campaign is ridiculous.
i'm not sympathizing with a god damn shampoo bottle that wants to make a difference in the world by becoming a comb
are you the one that purchased republican gomorrah?
oh, i see. if more had read republican gomorrah, the gop might not be in its present fix.
even if we changed npm to lazily load its own components, everything uses request
ya. likely requires improving request itself. (very possible)
. the only reason you aren't offended anymore is because now he's paying you you sold your soul like
answer the question you were asked don't try to deflect like all trump supporters
substitute football and we're unicorns!!!
did you see this because we can't be both women and hardcore fans.
rt to agree after decades of executive overreach, it is time we restore our .
amen , looks i the one i carry, every one in the world needs one whatever it takes , , great work mr speaker
it's my ! i have been on twitter for 6 years (since 7 sep 2010). and you?
love you. you are amazing.
lol i wanna be kim possible for halloween
make sure to change your ringtone to match it
odd that nearly all people who worked with joe had the exact opposite experience as the author.
yeah, you're right, jerry loved working for joe. he could get keys to the football building and shower with kids.
twitter the only time i can get away with plagiarizing while being in college
calling my bold prediction dumb smfh
like i had a grown woman day and you wanna chat to me about frisbee
now he keeps tryna show me his 2k face like i give a fuck
she did a lot she was funny i got use to her
yeah i said in the beginning she reminded me of grumpy cat
why not just async/await ?
here's another thread wherein i discuss my considerations for these patterns
thx for that. my name is monika, momo for short. what are you doing here?
welcome, oh well i herd you needed help,but it looks like your fine to me
our thoughts are with you at this time
ty so glad to have such a supportive group here 4 me in these troubling times
tell her to get some rosetta oil to clean the uneven skin tone
idk her me n my homies jus ran the train lmao
ya. likely requires improving request itself. (very possible)
we just skip it for raw http to avoid trying to upstream request fixes
we all thought the same thing in the beginning of 2016.
youve got every right to be but im not ...
donald trump backing off birther comments highlights a history of flip-flopping. reports.
who's talking about the right to speak? its about willfully delegitimizing a landmark evnt in black &amp; us history
movie starts off as a pretty straight forward remake of the original. and somewhere out in the middle of the woods shit goes full lovecraft.
right!!! fhose woods are cursed
ooh i have a porch. i need to get on that!
there is no such thing as too many backyard activities.
like no offence but i don't see any straight girls using when hanging with their guy friends so what the hell
yes yes yes exactly it's kinda really dumb
ladies, would you be offended if a guy asked you not to wear makeup or a weave on a first date?
excellent tune oh
video: trump says hillary won't be able to stand up at rallies -
: trump is right, hilarity does not have the stamina.
various tv networks agreed to pull their cameras and erase the footage of the tour | getty
good he uses the media, then knocks them.
not laws that have to do with national security! which ones exactly?
trump's false assertion clinton &amp; obama "founded" isis show he is willing to wreck national security for political gain.
sang my heart out and danced the night away!
i think i saw u, i even asked gaby if that was u lol
look at their bio
believe me, i read it. one of the most entertaining parts of the whole experience personally.
no, what are they saying?
wait who r the mets playing
i am out of the loop. what did trump do today?
i'm 140 characters??? impossible
so yall not even coming to the berkeley game?
well be there
ghost writing for young money and shit
vado going in the same direction smh
right, but i bet (i know) it doesn't use har, hawk, or (60% of its size)
it's not really that, i'm sure the entire feature set could remain. but without the overhead
this is a must-watch for all those who've forgotten what a sewer-dweller trump is.
reality must set in eventually &amp; hopefully way before election.we can't afford 4potus
lunchables halloween treats are a frightfully good time.
amidst a diabetes epidemic, why do you you promote such food for children?
we want to know how women's safety and transportation are related.when late at night how do you choose to get home?
. mostly but also depends on the city. i've taken subways in late in the night
same chica linda ! i'm gonna take a trip up there at some point, i'll see you then
just tell brandon you coming, he can't said no cause i said so
then post it privately first...i'd hate to have to go hunting. lol!
i inboxed it to you
he's done this a number of times now...
and yet most news folk have stopped even trying to call him out on all the crazy.
liberals are the ones who censor content that they deem offensive whether it's a joke or the truth.
sensor content?! at least they dont make up content (yeah, looking at you )
people know what blackface is and they enjoy that it mocks black people.
do you think theres a broader trend with blackface as something to joke about? hopefully this was just anecdotal
got dropped a rep and got another loss??? what's good....
fix your game please.....
it's not really that, i'm sure the entire feature set could remain. but without the overhead
although still the download overhead, but not the initial load overhead
so you're just ignorant and bigoted. sweet.
i'm a bigot cuz i don't support/vote for racists and xenophobes?? then deal me in!
get them for your girls and boys!
thank you! so important... girl action figures should be used by boys as well!
can happen at any age. but we must listen to youth and ensure their
these numbers are huge! is anyone listening??
not laws that have to do with national security! which ones exactly?
trump's naivety regarding nato could pull us into regional war in baltic states. his "keep the oil" rhetoric also bonkers.
full moon tonight
what u a mf werewolf now
this should be fixed today with all new threads going forward.
awesome, thanks!
bet leonard cohen is super glad his somber ballad about lost religion and love is now exclusively associated with a 3d animated ogre
i didn't know trump was using that song
. can't take something he's backed for 5 yrs n then try to brush it under the rug liar liar pants on fire
. trust me we remember it all. don't insult americas intelligence.
the first slightly chilly night in nyc. i'm okay with this
i should have worn pants
new post: reveals half of 'resin is king series 3' for 2016!!!
thanks john!
will we see more thizzee (thor&amp;dizzee) in part 2? pls i need them to survive
yes, there is more of them...
not sure but maybe this helps: twitter search rules and restrictions | twitter help center
unfortunately, no, because rules apply to what is sent, &amp; i have no problem. issue is blocking of my tweets you see but i can't.
follow me king you deserve it the most!!
thank you so much !! much respect !!
i'm so sorry but just remember you have wealth beyond she can imagine. look what money has brought her. sending love sweet lady xx
you are right! i am happy and blessed and maybe i had to "see" what she's done to finally get closure. (hugs)
niggas dead sitting in my house trynna play my nigga foh i ride for mine &amp; idc who thinks he's "whack" he's the hottest in my eyes so
they sleepin on my youngin
big games ahead, for sure.
fyi nebraska game is on abc and michigan state is on nbc.
broken hearted star trek writer/ giants fan...of course
when was that a give away
iphone 7 no-click home button requires contact with skin to 'click':
. why would you be trying to unlock and use your phone with gloves on in the first place?! raise to wake / lock button work.
fckin caltrain whats up now ! like were standing here in sf and no boarding!!! wtf now
there has been a report of a train with no headlights.
trump just trashed my smart,kind,amazing friend, anderson cooper safraid of a man who cant b bulliedsaid it b4, trump has no balls
i agree !! dump trump
i'm not engaging your pc obfuscation. i asked you to read article &amp; u clearly didn't, so u obviously have 0 interest in truth
john, good luck. have a tremendous life. next on the ziegler show: how german catholic bishops from 1941-45 deserve a parade
trump is the core attempt to re-define us as 'other,' as un-american, as undeserving due process &amp; citizenship.
and to make 'certain' people show their papers like we are sa during apartheid or jim crow/slavery
l.murray handcuff washington or richard?
unclear, could be a split
why would a class act like you follow me (a puppet)??
what's with attacks on nicolle? she's a smart, lovely rep, a pro.
how about people at ? would they be called lyfters? lyfers? belyfters? lyfteds? lyftinators?
. shouldnt be ? for a or for an ?
. can't take something he's backed for 5 yrs n then try to brush it under the rug liar liar pants on fire
. don't try to change the subject and request apologizes we're you don't deserve that
oh, just a christian hate group leader openly hoping for hillary to drop dead. praise! glory!
the sooner she sits at the foot of our lord.
i love you family! you are my hero. thank you for the best time of my life. winston
sad that there won't be a second season
whatever happened to vado buzz ? damn not my slime smh nigga really fading away in this rap game too !
my son got switched around labels a couple times now he's just lost.
not sure but maybe this helps: twitter search rules and restrictions | twitter help center
tysvm for trying. you are always a sweetheart.
at focus group, most undecideds trust trump to tell truth over clinton because "he doesn't care what people think."
imagine that while trump's conning them all the way. unbelievable!
one presidential candidate alluding to the assassination of the other. here, in america.
and why isn't this on
not laws that have to do with national security! which ones exactly?
trump's utter ignorance will cause degredation of standing of us, endangering enemies around the world.
that's because my transformation is not complete. sooner or later my soul will be black &amp; full of hate.
oh,so,hmm,i don't know what else to say
tinashe's dropped two dream/tricky stewart collabs in a row. is this album now her basic instinct/memoirs of an imperfect angel?
follow back your possibly your new favorite rapper ? lol
pure alt-right insanity.
the gop is not the alt-right alt-rt isn't the 1% income demo
using earlier sdks in xcode platforms path without errors
this is well known since xcode 4.
lol i 100% thought about that too.
what abt vans gruber
guess what horror icon this is a close-up of and win a crumby print of it in a $1 frame! deadline extended to 9:30pm
leatherface? i have no idea
president obama's successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. period.
such a hypocrite , long-time buddy, told me in person born in vis you lie again
lucky me? this is too weird. and , i release you.
party pooper :p
hope you gave a hello from me
of course! i was the sole ol rep. the other 2 fellas were huge st fans. it was so fun &amp; felt like hanging w/friends
"gary johnson cuts into clinton's lead" via
the day clinton sees gary as a threat he's from debates. lucky he wasn't found dead like others.
lol lol lol lol lol nyc ending free wifi kiosks after tidal wave of porn via
this is because the folks who designed it have never watched the computers in a library where this happens all the time!
loving this latest video: "barrel tiled shed"
more details about the process . watching this is everything right. and he's on !
i have 4 spots booked for tonight at polk street, how do i know if it'll get cancelled? website still says 4 open spots? thx!
you'd have contacted if we needed to cancel it. so it will be happening! enjoy the game tonight!
thanks bb. hope i see you before i leave.
wait what let me go back in your tweets where r u going
y'all so excited about your shiny jet black you forgot you had it like 6 years ago
before that even!
waist trainer while doing my makeup. ignore the mess behind me, i know i have to clean my room.
ill clean it for you
turns out mct can go well beyond mars, so will need a new name...
entropy ... because it'll "take up space"
so the top level requires makes it even slower - for the 99.7% that don't use those features
yes. confirm. this is part of the solution :) anyways food time.
y'all remember annoying orange???? this is him now..... feel old yet???
the tweet ive always dreamed of
can anyone recommend some cool iphone apps?
subway surfers
this is not the action of a confident campaign.
yes, trying to buy dirt is an act of desperation.
i just met at his studio and he offered me a beer and string cheese. wtf?
sounds yummy
league approved it? ok buddy
another wannabe bootleg insider lord please help me
doing pretty well. i watched the movie and it was the best one to watch. they should name a ballpark after him in bc
i'm sure he eventually will. seems like he was like a pioneer in his own right.
ace, every time you say "go to to see a picture, eg phil stuck under car, they're never there
i always have the same problem. i end up digging thru his instagram page and usually find the pics
isn't a sushirrito just a really long sushi roll
breaking: professional twitter user sayumeki reveals the secrets the sushi industry doesn't want you to know!
trump doesn't understand 2nd amendment. it's not about protecting law enforcement (secret service) right to have guns, it's about citizens.
and it's about documentation not carrying.
. don't try to change the subject and request apologizes we're you don't deserve that
. that has nothing to do with the subject that was being discussed
zayn with his favorite fruit
ok but zayn looks fire and his gf got problematic shit on her head so
not laws that have to do with national security! which ones exactly?
his utter ignorance will endanger national interests around the world, emboldening enemies.
i'm not engaging your pc obfuscation. i asked you to read article &amp; u clearly didn't, so u obviously have 0 interest in truth
we'll have to agree to disagree about everything in the universe. buh-bye, johnnie.
i think this movie is cursed. shit tapped into some of my childhood nightmares. i don't know where to start.
i officially hate the woods. there s some deep twists built into the film
what about your next? (me)
i don't date anymore
one presidential candidate alluding to the assassination of the other. here, in america.
or why isn't it on ??
bitch i never lose my way
i mean yeah
can't help but love when the guy who stands outside walgreens on polk greets me w/ "badabing, dimples." :)
i love that guy!
either of you two sick fucks gonna be around to alienate me?
possibly, but not likely. don't wait for me, i'll catch up
fckin caltrain whats up now ! like were standing here in sf and no boarding!!! wtf now
something without lights, not clear whether it's headlights or cabin lights.
this is the true colors fight we missed bc of not bale my pie paulie
is this worth watching on all access? i forgot it was on tonight
my last night in rome and this happens! man i should've got it from the beginning..black guy knocked him out 3 times
dang you in the fight or what
ah, the ever eventful voyage home.
if this game goes 18 innings tonight, we could call sf "the city on the edge of forever."
the nickname gave me.
should i be frightened? godfather and all ? should i avoid umberto's for the duration ?
you craving some mexican food. where you going?
this is the most delaware chain of polls and i'm here for it
sometimes you gotta shut up, swallow your pride and accept that you're wrong. it's not giving up, it's called growing up.- rich simmonds
thanks for the rt
"excuse me sir... your jacket is on upside down"
its fashion steph
haha i felt like that's why they put me in that position imy chickaaa! lol
imy2 chicccka!
that's s very good question bruh
wait how don't you know?
terrified of anyone who doesn't look and act like them.
it's the other way around! really it is !
i stole my avi from a twins pitcher, so no cease and desist are in order
hey kat... sizeism is a thing in 2016
i can see mad difference in myself when i dont get my minimum of 10 hours of sleep and its bad fml
10 hours of sleep what the.....
this part does not come separate, the whole door would have to be purchased. we do apologize for the inconvenience.
oh wow...that's not good. definitely no other way?
not laws that have to do with national security! which ones exactly?
moreover, trump's bravado and cavalier idiocy will lead to overextension without support of allies.
so you're just ignorant and bigoted. sweet.
name calling is never going to shame me. so call me all the names you want. name calling is constitutionally protected too
this will inspire your dreams. new video!!!!! rt?!!
where do you pick this music?
man who says he shot george zimmerman in self-defense found guilty of all charges
imagine that. all that's wrong with our justice system!
he's on the list, but not this specific drawing! you have two more guesses.
the mummy? a baked potato ?
not sure i never had it. i've been regular size foreve lol
nah not the size i mean the 6s and 7 there can't be that much of a big difference
bless. what a great job you and the cast did. i can't wait for more
thanks so much.
what is that? :0
it's the accessory it lets you catch while your phone is locked i just need it so i can play at work
only heard of them. never heard them
u need to hear self titled album and also ridin' high.
. trust me we remember it all. don't insult americas intelligence.
. the fact that you didn't know that your stupid gives the rest of us a headache
try thinking for yourself instead of believing everything your teachers tell you.
i'm sorry you're afraid of facts, reality &amp; educated people. sounds like a personal shortcoming
i've got cats at my new place and it makes me miss my puppies even more
cats literally suck
don't have to cause you light
you always back out when i try and rematch soo ... ?
seriously, i'm not kidding. apple products have a distinct smell when you open them. the new iphone has a different smell.
please confirm.
such a good show
which show she literally mentioned 2 shows u fucking unspecific idiot
covered it for us
drove by on my way home from work and waved!
can i come over shahed pls
yes! you both should come by sometime
oh and if it's not too much can ik how he cheated cause this shit should be interesting
he didn't cheat, he said he wasn't "ready" like that's the most poor excuse nigga
the fact that the iphone doesn't come with a sim tool makes me
they needed the room for haptic feedback.
libs literally can't handle that trump just hit it out of the park on the 'tonight show' ......
they hate it because all hillary can do is open a jar of pickles.
this is the greatest
how hot does that fire feel? you have nothing positive to say about
trailer to a new movie i'm in called. "flock of dudes" coming out in theaters and itunes on sept 30!
are you part of the flock... of dudes?
does anyone know where i could find plastic babies ?
michaels if you haven't found them yet
watch for latest on investigation. campus-wide search ongoing. no vics/suspects reported at this time.
hello. who is this speaking in the video?
you've missed the point, or not read the piece. that's one race out of six. every year has at least one race that's close.
guilty. thus the almost immediate deleted tweet.
every time updates iphone &amp; i have 20 app updates, i think of getting bent about it in committee! he he he...epic.
4 the record , while i app updates, my man &amp; i have never been more jacked than we were 4 your '00 presidential
what can you do when witness &amp; victim in the most pivotal incident both say "nothing sexual occurred".
what do you do when a grad asst. said your pedophile dc raped a kid in showers? you tell curley. he knew. joepa knew
these shantell martin prints are up for grabs if anyone wants. they're framed.
i'm sorry i missed all of this bc i've been under a rock but when do you leave??? and also are these still available
you know what's awesome? having students you taught years and years ago still liking, following, and sending you nice messages.
hey matt! what's your travel schedule ?
post-cake playback.
cake, wheres cake, i want cake. if theres no more cake ill take cookies or smores
the queen on her throne.
this looks like the cover of a children's book. wow.
famous for what?
yeah, famous for what?!
your a bigot for irrationally hating other people with different views.
irrationally?? nazis murdered people cuz of their religion. that a pretty good reason to speak against them
it's a long drive if you intersect with rush hour
true. northbound 101 is a parking lot right now.
hope you have a fun friday .... don't do anything i wouldn't do
happy tgif!!!! now that is an open playbook!!! lol
apparently everyone is upset over aap leaders visiting one country. this is because it is illegal to visit less than 5 countries in a year
like u were upset about the showing respect to bargirls reference?
it's friday. all bets are off. so did you get your phone yet?
not yet, but seeing the disappointment in people's smug faces when they realize there are two lines is getting me through.
the party for middle class
it's always the ones who come from white trash who end up hating regular people
it's one of the only highlights of being 40.
for the most part that is true for me,but it totally snuck up over the summer. that hadn't happened in a long while
trump is definitely a birther, but you can't erase hrc campaign role &amp; in stoking fear that obama was muslim.
clinton campaign circulated this gem in 2008
by almost any measurement, $etc has not remained static. so it's a silly criticism.
i'm open to learn about any innovation, if i'm wrong send me some data
i'm assuming that joe davis is doing a football game this weekend? :(
i'm super bummed
i already really miss dumont. sometimes i think i see the silhouette of a friend only to find a stranger there
i miss u so much!!! hope you're doing well
live on : look ! it's the amazing deplorables in florida!!!!
scott, bask in this short clip of trump rally tonight! unbelievable ppl going crazy every sentence!
not laws that have to do with national security! which ones exactly?
his extensive loan debts and dealings with foreign sources make him a target for extortion &amp; manipulation.
sandusky's retirement package was negotiated in 1999 by future psu president rodney erickson. do some research pls
kurt, you understand your avatar undermines any spec of credibility you might have, right? please tell me you do
thanks all for the well wishes, everyone. onward.
"onward" is my rally cry these days... i hope not for the same reasons as you. good luck, jon. keep the blue side up...
who's down to go eat winerschnitzel rn
tbh idek how to spell it lol
i would be too
ahh not this weekend but next i'll be in town and have a little free time
sorry, he is not great, but he is not worse than hillary. she should be in prison.
the answer is
obama follows . fuck it. i'm all in.
we've dm'd once or twice
thanks, it's not too serious. thankfully i will be done with comps soon!
great, good luck!
people who wouldn't be remembered if they died in a blimp collision sure get pissy about other people's memorials
what a sad, little man.
the roasted potatoes i ate tonight changed my whole entire life.
not as good as mine
. you mean to tell me that disarming people and leaving them defenseless makes them more vulnerable to violent crime? fascinating.
we should allow anyone walk around with a concealed weapon? violent abusers, mentally ill, bad day? wild west mentality
"the city and tlc treats uber and lyft unequally from the rest (by steven j. shanker, esq.)" on
great article in livery times august edition.
the most irresponsible adult on earth. donald j trump
-this is incitement! if anything does happen trump bears full responsibility!
my new neighbors are playing age ain't nothin but a number on this fine friday night and i've decided i fux w them.
at yn right now drinking my 4th glass of ros which is dedicated to you.
what makes this so perfect is that this trump fan's avatar is jewish charlie sheen.
but did leni have lip-synch battles with emil jannings?
fries with no salt and the chick-fi-la sauce &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
that's what i did
u dont..nobody can luv me..coz i m worst human being
wow anyone can love you because you are cool men not worst men
i think you need to talk to someone
i'll blog about it.
lls i am... just that just threw me off for a second... but i'm good.. so when's the game's gonna start? anyone else show up?
i should have said birthday lol. more people showed up and i'm smoking lol. i need it
who's talking about the right to speak? its about willfully delegitimizing a landmark evnt in black &amp; us history
right to speak? so why is trump criticizing hrc's "basket of deplorables"? why doesnt she have right? hypocrite
i really love this girl.. amazing how a faithful, whole hearted, down to earth woman can make you feel
awww ... baby
ok idiots, let's have a chat about caching.
spotify ok, foreflight definitely ok, messages hmm, overcast yes, reddit y u cache so much, earthquake just no, instagram srsly
i only eat the cookie after i scrape off then throw out the oreo creme. don't @ me.
this is a serial killer type move
i also can't wait to be black and not be able to have designers want to work with me so i just go to h&amp;m and still slaughter the carpet.
i had a life before the money. i ain't stressed if y'all don't wanna dress me.
me at work on saturdays, just chilling online and not doing any actual work
and sitting on a lady's lap. :d
how? i thought i was gonna lose my hearing it's so damn loud.
coming from downtown sf to berkeley was real quiet
this is obscene
i'm wondering how many threats secretary clinton will get before the fbi help.
ayo facts im crying bri im just watched ooouuu video and was like damn shorty got a fat ol ass lmfao
yeah young ma def got the cake lmao
webster hall for cold cave tr/st show do u wanna be the god mom to all the babies i'm about to have?
ugh my friend asked me to go earlier but i'm going later for...yellow claw
we chose to do it ourselves
is it easier for you guys that way?
awww i'm so glad you got this pic! i just saved it!
i'll send to coti as well!
how tf did u know i was watchin vii rn
it was the force bro
no. brief synopsis, please?
american guy gets one night stand pregnant in london they decide to get married
an impostor who put the world on fire
the original flimflam man
ben-hur (2016): i wish every movie ended with a high stakes chariot race with a dreadlocked morgan freeman on the sidelines.
there's absolutely no reason this movie should exist. boy is it expensive! the bible is so hack.
bbq pork nachos on pita chips. suck it, food and wine.
boo yah. you told them what's up
"make america great again" is hate speech at canadian university
make canada more shit than it already is!
people who wouldn't be remembered if they died in a blimp collision sure get pissy about other people's memorials
albee showed more brilliance in waovw, alone, than this guy has shown over his lifetime
how you get the full game of nba 2k17 when it didn't come out yet
you pre ordered it
'see what happens': trump's fearmongering miami speech appears to threaten clinton's life
threaten her life? that's your take away? wow, no wonder you publication is on its death bed
i'd love to see your penis
get help. seriously, you sound very troubled.
no. brief synopsis, please?
it's rob delaney, the show, especially season 1 is hilarious
i read your new post. just further proved how shitty your initial post was.
*chants* thank you ryan
fuck this guy
he looks like douchey jay baruchel
can't wait to see you tomorrow baybay
still no outfit
so jealous! have an awesome time at the concert!!
thank you!!!!
not laws that have to do with national security! which ones exactly?
banal black-white, right-wrong, just-tell-me-bullet-points, keep-it-simple mind fails at nuance reqd for foreign policy.
can meals be separate donations?
don't think so, and it's not the mets evaluation, it's feeding america's. probably true, just skeptical
then i'm gonna become heartless soon.
no,wait is there a way i can still help?
how many people will read down to the part about how the campaign wasn't involved?
anyway, sidney blumenthal's deeply subtle, years-long effort to sabotage clinton's campaign continues apace.
greeting seeing you at dragoncon. fyi i'm doing a hobbit drinking songs internet show on hobbit day
great seeing you too! loved your show as always! we'll spread the word about your gig!
no. brief synopsis, please?
short episodes, only 8 per season. it's an easy, fun watch. i highly recommend.
awwwww i love this!! he was beyond sweet!! just like tracy thanks for the pic fio i love you all!!
we miss you coti!!
she fine af, id nut on that forehead
i almost wanna say thank u but no. thank goodness my forehead only looks like that when a conservative makes fun of me
i've literally 40 boxes of historical stuff in my office right now &amp; can't do more than catalog folder labels &amp; send 2 storage. sigh
anything good?? i might be able to help one day
word. i saw them on the big screen at msg at yeezy season 3. hoping adidas gets the memo and starts upping the supply.
$220 tho? on sneakers. sneak. ers.
when im bored i just get more hungry
strictly bread
this fool just said is getting 19% of the black vote. where the fuck is &amp; ??? fact check this dumb-ass.
you know fact checking and don't go together.
eid prayers in moscow. does herr trumpf have any idea what he is getting into by opposing islam?
the putin loving islamophobes in the us have no idea how russia really works.
5g world asia, in singapore this year from 26th-28th september 2016.
thanks for sharing! how have you been?
little but i'm coming for the title
held by everyone whose up
just saw "snowden" and now arguing the merits of his actions (i'm very pro btw) with my gf via unsecured comms. you getting all this, nsa?
citizenfour illustrated the incredible feat. this film illustrated the incredible sacrifice.
damn those hoes usually smash
cause you be off the scooby pack
turned on cnn just in time to see corey lewandowski explain poverty rates in black communities to don lemon and three black panelists.
stay tuned for the 10 o'clock hour!
.: " has to fashion some kind of appeal to white working class voters."
it's called democratic syphillis.
it's not new lol
my bad lol.. didn't even realized you had a website!
coming from downtown sf to berkeley was real quiet
oakland airport to sf was like standing directly in front of an amp at a concert.
my avatar is designed to piss off my trolls and it's working...
kurt, no offense, who are you? if you want civil conversation, you need to first get out of denial. it's step 1.
i could pass on the ending lmao i
okay i thought you were saying you'd watch to the end
.: "[] seems to be the one who's coming apart."
keep believing that bs. her momentum hasn't even started!!
this is ridiculously spot on.
yup, good post. i stopped for a month after you spoke at so that i could take stock
you know that the original constitution and the founders were white nationalists right? abraham lincol
and they are dead. i don't care about dead racists cuz they can't do shit. i care about the ones who are alive.
can't wait to see sawyer in gloversville
girl! i'd love to see sawyer again! but also i'd love to go just to meet you!
which houseguest is more than likely to drop the biggest deuce in a public restroom and not flush?
maybe the messiah lol
there's absolutely no reason this movie should exist. boy is it expensive! the bible is so hack.
gods of egypt is way better
can't wait for some tomorrow night at the gorge! it's giving me goosebumps just thinking about it!
okay this makes way more sense. i was thinking "wtf are they doing in yakima?" have fun!
healthy tailgate
sup lemme go with y'all foreal tho haha
howie kurtz, one-time policeman of "bias" in reporting, offhandedly refers to hrc as "crooked hillary" in his fox spot right now.
roger may be gone, but the paychecks keep coming from rupert's account.
the rarely seen 6-yards-out indirect free kick
what the actual fuck is that?!
*i noticed, even people who claim everything is predestined, &amp; that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road*
*the truth is incontrovertible. malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is.* {the facts are stubborn}
rewatched operation avalanche. so much fun, top 10 of the year for sure. out now in select cities. my review -
it's playing at landmark sunshine if you live in nyc. don't be a schmuck - see it projected. the use of antiquated lenses demand it!
i just want a boyfriend so i can wear his sweat shirts and sweat pants
i just buy myself stuff from the guys section in nike
applauds veto override of in
how about you worry about something important rather than hidden murder tools. for every trained gun owner there are 3 morons
she fine af, id nut on that forehead
and that's not a good way to make fun of someone. intellectually, if u could challenge me that might mean something but
not laws that have to do with national security! which ones exactly?
trump has stated desire to give u.s. military illegal, immoral &amp; impossible orders. dangerously ignorant.
.: "for the past 7 years, has pushed this crazy conspiracy theory."
why do you let this fool on? fowler always sends me channel surfing
i feel you ask this everyday
yeah, i'm part of aa classes. but i don't give a shit.
a lot doesn't mean enough, but it also means more than the yimby panic.
can we stop alienating people who do good, important work, please?
why are you on twitter rn tho go pick some locks
locks were picked and drinks were had.
lmfao what rules did they fuck up
joe had 3p on haha!
in florida you could deadass go to your neighbors house and it'll be raining...
i peeped. that shit looks brazy af
does a bart out of sfo or the underground connection to heathrow count?
those are nice train-airport connections, but they don't offer baggage check-in at the train station.
beyond thankful to be going home next weekend so i can get pizza logs and tims hortons
i need to see you
didn't kroenke have to make guarantees that the stadium would be built by 2019
not that i'm aware of.
intrigued to know what the slide pic was for
you ever been followed by the potus and not slid in?!?
we have a whole post on the thought process behind it.
bad optics, but point taken. btw, ken does know if he lets the young guys play enough, they could be vets too?
icymi on instagram or facebook
what?!?! congrats!!!
gonna stream in like 15 minutes. play some musics dressed in full raccoon .
maybe 20 minutes.
.: "[] seems to be the one who's coming apart."
don't think so &amp; no need to keep retweeting!
to all hate filled souls from the nether world. please return to modesto.
sometimes, late at night, i think, "aaron has a swell point." actually, i've never thought that.
in addition to tons of oysters, there were many oyster shooters
now it sounds even more like practice.
mt : obama: 'in order to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists' we must alter the constitution.
hey obomba! fuck off!!!
'high risk' bay detainees approved for transfer |
we should deport oblabla &amp; hillarous clingon.
hope, faith and love...
but the greatest of these is love...
we can put in for orders whenever for af. some bases just require different times on station.
oh dang....i'm thinking about four and done after this enlistment . but staying out here in socal for school
oakland airport to sf was like standing directly in front of an amp at a concert.
nice. i got on at coliseum last night right after a black sabbath concert. was fairly quiet (at 10:30pm)
ha! sadly there no longer... but, i get to sleep at night
you look happy enough in your avi. i hope married life is going well!
wanna take a swing at securing the border? fixing trade deficits? knocking the shit out of isis?
what do you know of ? we already *are* "knocking the shit" out of them. trump has *yet* to ever acknowledge this.
if psu is going to ignore what paterno didnt do, then they deserve each other
boom. thank you.
haven't seen either of you got one. i was only 14 hitting them off the scoreboard out there
you've seen me go deep don't throw tho that shade over here
. members have supported 11m girls and women through empowerment initiatives.
you mother is a crook , ur father is a molester and u have a dog face. ugly shit
it's the same damn thing lmao
he picked up his old phone thinking it was his new one bruh
i'd much rather have him lie to fans about fight details than doing it in real estate again
is *this* where i drop in to say , or should i wait a bit?
i ask myself this everyday. smh.
i want that shit back smh
donald trump spent five years lying about 's citizenship. he can't just take that back.
only if he knew how to lie about lies. nobody is as good as you are and i hope your grand children can see that.
careful gregg. if you've seen game of thrones you know what happens to kings.
so now your betraying me my faithful friend
i well and truly loved on amazon. binge now! phoebe waller-bridge: a delightful revelation my review:
if you loved her in then you have to see her in series 'crashing'
blair witch really proves that the hubbub surrounding the original film's release was essential to its effectiveness as well as its success
remember when blair witch makes it obnoxiously clear that they'll be using a drone camera, and then does absolutely nothing with it?
, and 's with 's' ....
nicely done! besides you, is the only other dj i know that still scratches/mixes really well.
bags are packed and ready to go to ! bringing a little something extra too!
swag = shit we aren't getting, yeah?
i'd appreciate that
i mean i'm guilty of alienating people sometimes myself. but...
wanna take a swing at securing the border? fixing trade deficits? knocking the shit out of isis?
also, isis is *not* the top purveyor of death in syria. trump has already declared intent to mollycoddle democidal assad.
nyc teacher talks: 'we have kids who have not really been to manhattan'
these days, manhattan is a tourist trap. they're not missing anything special.
wants to have the same birthday as me so bad
i was born first fym
old codger explaining danger of not cleaning dryer lint filter regularly makes me wonder why the world isn't a constant fire tornado
its more dangerous, than dynamite
specific nazis did. that doesn't mean every national socialist is like that. you are generalizing like racists do aboutrace
plus i have no issue with being a "nationalist" whatever that really means.i have an issue with racists those are deplorable
that's being insulting to pigs ................................
sorry you can touch his hair!
thank you but please also thank our military, our veterans and the families that stand with them.
amen. today and always! thank you gen flynn for your continued service to our fragile usa
serious question: how does a journalist afford to move to sf in 2016.
you mean, a new york times bureau chief?
my dad is going to a wedding tonight and i just walked in the door and almost just walked back out
ahahahahahaa this is the best thing ive ever seen
happy birthday to this handsome boy love you hope you have an amazing day
thank you beautiful
but bummed because he didn't get the toy ship thingie
jesus! you'd think he could pull some strings!
see, i'd much rather be cuddling with my pets.
they're very lucky
how about you worry about something important rather than hidden murder tools. for every trained gun owner there are 3 morons
who shouldn't have access to sharp objects. regulation keeps the rest of us safe.
i've never seen you as upset as you are in your twitter pic.
that's what i imagine karan looks like when someone takes the last donut and he didn't get one.
wanna take a swing at securing the border? fixing trade deficits? knocking the shit out of isis?
trump has no real plan to hinder or degrade isis. i bet he couldn't even point to raqqah on a map.
you need to learn the facts...what really happened vs what you believe or want to believe happened.
kurt, you're not woke. you just need to employ cognitive dissonance because it makes you feel better about your life
given a free wifi with equal strength, which ssid will you be inclined to try first? (based on true events)
... fsck off, in its raw form, was active in children's fairyland, of all places.
&amp; tonight (jerks). no standing anytime means always, anytime, now, don't do it asshole.
. woman in passenger seat told me instructor went inside (building on dean presumably) 1/2
suffering from an empty nest? !
thanks for the
could be worse. my headphone jack started not working after i updated my ios
ahhh! bummer! any luck after a reboot? had that happen before and it ended up being an issue with itunes or spotify or smthng
good bit by jessica of the on adblockers and your favorite blogs
and everything jessica wrote about is exactly why i don't use an adblocker.
he just returned after an injury. first time in two months.
60 dl for the woo-meister? thank god he's back in time for the post-season.
lil hope is happy we got a win
so am i bro so am i
i feel the same about good on&amp;off the field
accurate about both
&lt;3 &lt;3 wish you were here, lady.
bende.. :/ ps. the kids on the subway tonight loved my konkey dong dress. still wearing it, lol.
damn, that must be one hell of a vibrator!!! swearing off the d because of it. you should do a commercial for it.
its the rolls royce of vibrators
it begins @ pacific design center
are you in la this wknd??
. - shame on you. this logic could justify concentration camps if they're built by unionized labor.
you know where the idea for concentration camps came from? it wasn't nazis. and not the brits w/ the boers.
why are you bringing up the constitution though? it's white nationalist
it's white supremacy
donald trump has spent years peddling lies about president obama. and that didn't stop today.
nobody has died. your lies involve the death of americans, obstruction of justice and disrespect for the people
wanna take a swing at securing the border? fixing trade deficits? knocking the shit out of isis?
trump's utter foolish ignorance of syria+iraq has angered us allies already fighting isis on the ground.
is that what he said, cause i haven't read that. you look like a sicko if you look close @ mirror.
oh you're mad now. read the quote you responded to before you start name calling.
he never would
i know. definitely not his style.
i am gagged (and i usually don't) that you didn't live for alaska in whatever happened to baby jj?!?
what was to live for? the monotone delivery? the mugging? the "i'm so good i'm better than bette" attitude? no thanks.
why george hotz thinks mobileye is a failing company. via
why no acknowledgement of mes ad research? or reality that l3/4 cannot be sold to public until 2019, constrained by steering hw.
why is this guy i just met getting so salty that i can't hang out tonight (i made up a fake excuse but still) lol
lol he really did the most
lamar croix being treated as the trash it is
fuck autocorrect
without evidence of controls and method detail, why *not* call it that?
good point "indie science" needs to meet minimum standards
can we skip fall and head straight to winter?
!!!!!! winter is the best season
the term "its not rocket science" exposes how complex this interest is.
good primer on why rocket science is actually a lot easier than people think.
why are you bringing up the constitution though? it's white nationalist
what's a white nationalist?
there is like a whole town of amish people on my train.. pretty interesting
ask them about the amish mafia lol
that's called combinatorics, b/c it tries to combine small numbers into a bigger one. doesn't work.
they never come out whole
is that what he said, cause i haven't read that. you look like a sicko if you look close @ mirror.
i've been called many things, a sicko is a new one. thank you!
alright keem you got me for the first time that's kinda funny
more like kinda lame. try challenging me intellectually &amp; win. that would actually embarrass me!!!
mark halperin just said clinton "never fought successfully in a presidential campaign to win"
what the ever loving fuck
this is the greatest
does your target audience have add? why do you restate and rephrase everything a few times before moving on with the point?
i never see you so i don't have to worry about that
i'll be at your door step in 5 mins
walks onstage to theme of 'les miserables' mocking is so damn fun!!
how cool is that?! this really is a movement. a paradigm shift if you will. trump!!!
wanna take a swing at securing the border? fixing trade deficits? knocking the shit out of isis?
trump has zero clue about how to prosecute war, or maintain peace. this is not a beauty contest. this is not a hotel deal.
the party of john wilkes booth.
that is true. no question what party jwb would be associated with today. or lincoln, for that matter.
talking to at . how do we ensure keeps human rights up front?
what's with the hands simon?
why are you bringing up the constitution though? it's white nationalist
what's the difference between a white nationalist and just a nationalist?
this is the greatest
does your target audience have add? why do you restate and rephrase everything a few times before moving on with the point?
strolled past tonight &amp; realized &amp; need to meet
we are connected online. clearly we must be related!
dos you just say we're crazy??
in a good way like crazy for the show.
thousand's of fishermen/families will b forced 2 starve &amp; go homeless thanks 2 bho new marine national monument.
if you won't stop the ashole, well, then you're beat,cause i'm too old to care anymore- shit or get off the pot
yooo this is comedy lmao
lol miss you, you the flyest bby
.: now, if you look at national polls trump's tied or ahead, and in key states like florida and ohio he's ahead.
president trump will win unless all of the illegal invaders vote.
these white supremacists can't even wait for october to come around so they can use halloween 2 justify their racism
white people need to um...
celebrity stylist cristina ehrlich's taking over 's ig this weekend
what's with the severe butch look on her?
*the truth is incontrovertible. malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is.* {the facts are stubborn}
*...it is better to keep one's mouth closed &amp; let people think one is a fool than to open it and remove all doubt...* {four quartets}
the secret service needs to sit down with and tell him to stop with this dangerous talk!
need to stop calling it a joke. clearly it isn't &amp; must be addressed by secret service
lay it on the line &amp; magic power were my fav songs world of fantasy too
don't forget follow your heart. american girls hold on
adios la, onward to ! see you soon , hope your liver's ready for the weekend!
i've been training for this day my whole life
prefer the maps ux in general. don't find it any more erroneous than google now days.
it's incredibly poor in europe, i hope they work on it
hey guys! planning on heading up for the vcu game. any tips?
susan is cool, sometimes. maybe i'll come up too
yo what is the stream tho? is it just gonna be on your channel?
yup on thewaffle77 about the tweet the link right now
. woman in passenger seat told me instructor went inside (building on dean presumably) 1/2
. woman who walked up 2 car said her instructor was in passenger seat. 2/2
ward melville beat hauppauge in 4 sets. peter stein had 20 kills, matt lilley had 25 assists &amp; trevor zwcewicz added 21 assists for the pats
also had hewlett over sewanhaka, 3-0, valley stream north over carey, 3-1, and clarke over lawrence, 3-0.
i could go without paul...but zach yes please.
pauls despicable it is a game but when you take personal digs and try to hurt people its beyond game
espn will broadcast drone racing as the nascent sport gains backers
. wow! we found something that can challenge the as the most boring thing on tv. nobody better call it a sport though.
.: "i was completely astonished by this whole thing."
astonished by what? thats like a facebook "hook". sad
without evidence of controls and method detail, why *not* call it that?
i wonder if can grasp that point cc
. should seek forgiveness for pushing birther movement, says- tune in sunday for more
and you for covering up for crooked lying hillary
a chance for meditation and reflection, maybe? for me, it would be a chance for peace and quiet with no one to bug me!
oh, i'm thrilled! i love face mask fridays!
it has happened .
are you from rochester?
huh another one
if that's the case why hasn't bush endorsed or has been seen publicly with trump? and instead wants hillary to win?
, i was talking about the seventeen mag. meme. here's yours.
i did the research.
"at my age" oh goodness...listen to you. :)
ha! and you probably think i'm like 25.
we hear you there. will it be in the shop for a long time?
back on the road already
stop pretending not to understand. point was someone who's antigun yet has a small army of guards = hypocrite.
don't pretend that you don't understand that this was another deliberate attempt at a call to arms. no one is that stupid.
i'm moving to sedona and hopping to la
bummer on the paintings but yes let's absolutely hang - week of 10/3??
sunbathing continues regardless
maybe the truck ran over that person?
no real plan? are you plagiarizing obama and ? you're right, why would waste his time on that jv squad!
trump himself at cinc forum hinted he would need to talk to generals. he's a four-flusher. totally bluffing.
ed...you have my protection.
protection? how much will it cost me?
lewandowski: la times poll says trump is getting 19% of black vote. do you know that means?: it means you have a bad poll
corey the womanabuser has apparently not read the article next to latimes poll that says it skews gop
i really fucking need the vestments sexual fantasies and total fucking darkness hoodies
vehements is problematic and extra but i still need to intern for denma
those are nice train-airport connections, but they don't offer baggage check-in at the train station.
. on a related note: train station in main hall at ams airport serves as transfer station for interurban trains...
happy birthday bro
thank you blood
i just cried and threw up
i know.....
perhaps you can. could u try to...well what kind of powers do u have?
lots can't name them all,maybe i could try heeling first?
*...it is better to keep one's mouth closed &amp; let people think one is a fool than to open it and remove all doubt...* {four quartets}
*two types of people. people who accomplish things, &amp; people who claim to have accomplished things. the first group is less crowded.*
sorry, spell check is killing me today. inspector morse.
no worries, i speak typo.
the 59th annual festival has begun! a beautiful evening with mixcla+1 on the garden stage.
see you tomorrow! how's the weather?
lol why you doing this to yourself
because the plane ride wasn't long enough
five years after fomenting the racist birther lie, trump uttered empty words.
afro american will show him better than we can tell him! nov 8 we will be out in alarming #
corey the womanabuser has apparently not read the article next to latimes poll that says it skews gop
in fact, it skews heavily to gop. trump get's maybe 10% of the black vote, 8 after today.
no real plan? are you plagiarizing obama and ? you're right, why would waste his time on that jv squad!
also, a lot of the talk he makes is of 3rd generational war theory. patton. macarthur. this is 4th gen warfare. not 1944.
also can't believe i'm just watching jim white shred impressionistic on drums rn
he's the truth
woah i'd download that
okay get started on it with me. i'll need someone to share all the with
luke... i am your father's brother's nephew's cousin's former roommate.
thank you for writing that, i talk
clinton 2008 sr adviser sid blumenthal pushed mcclatchy so hard on birther story that they sent a reporter to kenya.
hillarious clingon is the original birther but she was right. oblabla was born in kenya as his grandmother said.
finally got this piece of garbage today too
you still playing pokemon go
ok, let's get through this friday. i'll believe in you if you believe in me.
if only (wolf parade, "i'll believe in anything")
i can tell you trouble from the first couple of tweets on ya page smh
wow this is a lie! *looks at your avi* and let's not talk about trouble
me and my uber driver are bonding so much right now.
she immigrated to america to give her kids a better life. now her daughter works for nickelodeon studios. wow
beautiful day for a walk with my girl!!
so so so cute
i made dinner for my room mate bc he had surgery today+told him before he left. texted me from cab:"i ordered pizza"
as i literally just finished the potatoes! i feel offended &amp; betrayed.
trying to launch shit into outer space.
relevant to your interests
i thought the music app on ios couldn't get any worse. i was wrong.
the first rules of things is that they can always get worse.
poll: dems want sanders to replace clinton
yeah right!
zach was kinda that way too...but also super hot, which helped.
yeah but zach seemed to be more funny about it
you mean tv series right? :)
ok that's what i get for not using my glasses when i tweet :(
trump would undo obama's cuba moves unless religious freedom allowed
how are the gays treated out there? do they have open borders to take some of sander's supporters?
. on a related note: train station in main hall at ams airport serves as transfer station for interurban trains...
...weird to see so many people coming up airport escalators with no luggage. i was there during morning commute hours.
drinking extra henny today on behalf of max b
you mean remy
you've been to the stu. i can handle it
this is why she isn't always cool. she's very cocky. luckily the vcu a-10 pregames in brooklyn were the bomb
my parents divorced when i was 8. we have something in common, lemme get in them dms.
no thanks i'm in a committed relationship w myself and my new vibrator
brilliant album. all time underground metal classic.
. they don't write em like they anymore.
lmfaooooo i'm so disappointed in you my internet friend
it was just s random bitch idc lol
no that's not what she meant. go on admit it we're all slightly nuts
but we are good nutz wouldnt want to be boring
trump on clinton's bodyguards: "take their guns away. she doesn't want guns... let's see what happens to her."
trump lies about the second amendment. hillary not taking anyone guns. she doesn't want mentally ill people owning guns
someone who wants a white ethnostate and isn't anti-white.
which one are you?
evening wm and all!
evening keith
at least you talked to him! i wanna know what he said omg
i forgot to write some of it down but when i told him my name he said "beautiful name for a beautiful girl"
i love the suggestions!
planetary colonial transporter!
luke... i am your father's brother's nephew's cousin's former roommate.
yes! that's exactly how i explain who someone is when i have absolutely no idea who they are.
its not true, hillary was the one that started the birth place discussion back in 2008. wired is less science more about clicks
can you pass along any media where clinton-herself- publicly doubted bo was american? happy to be proven wrong if so...
mad at you?! haha i'm laughing at your name calling, and making you reflect!
pick yourself up, dust yourself off &amp; come at me when you've got better game than i'm rubber you're glue.
i'm sorry to hear we let you down. is there anything i can assist you with via twitter? *tp
i don't think so. the crew is being as accommodating as possible. but still a huge failure.
they better not
they arent gonna trade him , brady wont be there forever
he know how to lead by strength and will allow the dod to do their job! he won't handcuff like !
he already pledged to purge the pentagon. brookings isn't buying trump's mush-mouth.
rome will reload next year and have all this year's draft class next year.
amazing times down in the minors!
it was fun and cute at times. you see the first 2 mins of the first hoh at the very end
mostly stuff not on cbs before? i saw the mr jenkins segment on twitter already
it only heals my wounds not dark magic curses.
hmm,maybe i can try unknown
i'll be driving down that day and am hoping to make it there around dinner time!
sweet!!!! let me know when you get in!
imagine zach &amp; paul being brought back on the same season. that would easily be the most entertaining season ever
my worst nightmare lol i don't find paul entertaining at all his shtick got old quick lol
i want to be internationally know
you probably already are!
sampling is like literally how rap started. that doesn't discredit anyone.
i mean when you're a producer &amp; proclaiming genius, revolutionary...god. but i dont disagree.
congrats do you want a gold star
i'm the gold star? i don't want one because i am one
. fat-shames ; trump fires back
harry reed is bill clinton's gay lover.
my picks for tomorrow.
ahhh wish i could've been there!
the cdc &amp; fda have the details/data. but your snobbery &amp; lack of concern is duly noted.
oh hai insisting on minimal scientific standards is snobbery now? why? cc
designing this street? perfectly responsible. using the street with a child? completely reckless!
i took the lane/ran interference, but have been bullied/honked at here many times. cc
how did no iphone reviewer think "i'll try the new home button with gloves"?
also ios 10 removes slide to unlock so you can't unlock via a code unless you fail the touchid scan or have it disabled.
dammit, it's supposed to rain tomorrow. i used to love the rain so much... but then we got a dog. good going, dog.
i believe living where you do kind of requires you to love rain, or at least make your peace with it.
mary elizabeth winstead joins mcgregor for third season of fargo. yes. yes. yes.
i have yet to see that show. keep hearing it's really good.
. members have supported 11m girls and women through empowerment initiatives.
chelsea when u speak ur lips move like a toad's tongue that's how ugly u are , u mother fucker clinton.
also, that would be amazing.
to me, sounds like a premium service that's not worth taxpayer expense.
is fury road my favorite movie of probabaly the last 10 years? probabaly. is it the best movie of the past 10 years? probabaly
in the top 10 of the last ten years, maybe.
reward doubles to $10k for information in brutal murders of brentwood teens
bff's forever. angels in heaven now. my condolences to their friends and family for this tragic loss of life. &lt;3
you're a waste of the air i breathe
what a great band
yeah, bringing it back from the brink of the great recession and lowering the overall debt. ugh.
saved our economy, helped secure our health care, and...
i would be happy to have one of everything at trader joe's.
especially the microwave frozen bags of japanese fried rice. best cheap lazy dinner everrrrrr
yes that's what u and i do for each other
deadasss we talk about the realist shit tho
anyone near 9/26 prez debates urged to leave guns, explosives &amp; other prohibited items at home, ncpd says
ban on weapons and drones understandable, but no selfie sticks, balloons or coolers?
it took me a minute to recognize this as an anti-indian slur. it really is deplorable.
oh my god, neera! i am disgusted and so sorry such a vile outrage ever crossed your timeline!
this vid seems credible. hillary may have parkinson's disease.
sounds reasonable to me
fall shows our new lanyards are cute, cute, cute! we can't wait to have them at all fall shows!
wait till you see the new laminates. we're going to look gucci
at the top of mount katahdin in baxter state park, maine.
a man i went to mcgill with was fatally struck by lightning on this mountain some years ago. hope you were very careful.
it does one, really contrived thing with it.
what, crash it into a fucking tree?
suit up and dive in. the campaign takes call of duty's signature military action to new heights.
the graphics actually look okay on the game
omg yesss i'm going to go sep 29
tell them ahead of time you're into aaron marcus and they'll have it ready for ya
nat throwing james utb wasn't even as bad as his but it became a huge deal for no reason
they both made mistakes but that's on cbs i don't think its fair either
"i will push to expand freedom for all of our citizens. i am going to lower your taxes substantially."
dictator no you wont,it has to get through congress,which show your lack of understanding of the constitution,what an idiot!
and the person behind me keeps touching my butt with their cart
14 minutes to check out in sleepy pacifica.
hasn't been receiving classified info and abusing it for the last 30yrs like some of us?you know that's right? right?
hillary, flaws &amp; all, is sane, rational, disciplined. trump is word salad archie bunker in comparison.
someone who wants a white ethnostate and isn't anti-white.
obviously a "white ethnostate" is never gonna happen in america. the demographic trends proves it.
is that snow skin moon cake?
i think so? it says snowy on the box
so has the . he really should tone it down. sooner or later he's going to get arrested.
the police came that day and no one got arrested. i'm sure you know there is more to this video that is conveniently cut out.
it was addressed in the last title update - what i'm seeing is they may be too good now
thanks for the response,not sure i completly agree seems they still pass up open green alot.still loving the game this year
in honor of 's amazing work, i listed my top 10 favorite springsteen songs in this week's .
solid list and thanks to caryn for starting this conversation.
oooooh! fantastic. my experiment will live on.
what is the experiment? :)
yo, microsoft folks. i'm having to swap a motherboard that is almost exactly the same model. do i have to reinstall windows 10?
even the with the same mobo model, sig may change slightly. i had to call them to reactivate, but wasn't too big a hassle
all you have are grandstanding opinions about a subject that you clearly know very little about.who is allan myers
are you another victim-outer like ziegler? special spot in hell for you, my friend.
&lt; when obama does a complete bckgrnd on these refugees, i'll take closer look."the shoot-me state"
that's stupid. one has nothing to do with another.
it looks so wavy tho
thats facts tho. the last time ill do hookah.
stepped off the midnight bus into straight-up vaporwave prague
pretty lights!
whatever julia. me too! fuck them all
i mean seriously wtf
nothing going right for the tonight. indians add another run to lead, 8-4.
i'm sorry but i really don't think the indians are even a good team. it frustrates me when i know our team is vastly better
dear , if you had to be jerks and block this hoh comp, at least devote the episode to it - not showmance fawning.
the penultimate episode is always a clip show...not sure why everyone is surprised
omg how's the planning going jaz ?
crazy sis. i hate planning shit period lol
clinton says campaign staff to blame for lack of response about her illness
this woman is secretive. uncomfortable answering questions. losing ground
i've watched gossip girl and one tree hill where to next ?
tvd or 90210
came home to find the pup had gotten sick every way possible in nearly every room possible poor guy...
same happened to steel 2 weeks ago. so awful.
indeed. how is that even possible? it's been in beta. for. months. $fit
to be fair real hardware not available til today. but pretty easy to guess the device identifier to add support.
what's unknown?
unknown is the one's that come out of nowhere,and there unknown
"fry is a marvel!" --
to "get into character" i will now drink eight highballs in quick succession...
you wear glasses now ?
been wore glasses just never used to.wear them
so the clinton's donate money to a charity that they get paid from, makes a lot of sense to me.
and on this old one, clintons don't get paid from their foundation as shown in their tax returns.
starts 33 minutes in.
thanks. do you think they call him hosin' posen?
"we need to get you some new tunes." - lucio 2016
don't worry i'm at the show. i &lt;3 flylo
jerk from queens? maybe? most corrupt candidate for president of all time? not. ok, you don't like him, how do u justify her?
hillary was in state, not dod, but she has worked alongside for years. she is used to dealing w/ both friends &amp; enemies.
i can tell you trouble from the first couple of tweets on ya page smh
it's the weekend. i'll resume to tweeting about jesus come monday.
haha glad to be apart of your fan club
enjoy your stay because you're a fan of someone who just noticed slippers on wrong feet after wearing for about an hour now
doesn't matter bc i throw as hard as you
easy now with the war stories
at the madison county- randolph game
yes love it!!
now playing : w/ hpone, nice bruaz "point break" on
that whole song dope
never have any plans on the weekends.
you tweet this like i didn't hit u up earlier
do your research. trump reneged before kasich did. amateur hour on twitter
oh stfu his career is over &amp; he knows &amp; hates gop base for it. good riddance ass-ho
this is more about the fact that he has been nicknamed rocky since he was 18 months old.
yeah, i can see that being odd.
gee, maybe because iran has publicly stated that they want to wipe israel off the map?
we stand with israel always because god is "l". the name that cannot be uttered. currently known as "the christ". think about it!
what does this mean
it's a nimby ballot initiative in la...
wheres dwyane wade?
oh you know where he is
we've still got "and a movie" to go...
is there any way donald glover comes back?
millennials for trump: one-on-one with a black republican
you are all just marks and suckers to con man shyster donald trump
same battlefield one is gonna be lit
aw, too bad you won't be here to play it
i didn't, but i should have. t_t; oh well.
at least it's coming soon? others who pre-ordered got screwed over... and won't be getting it...
lemme know when the batteries die so i can bless you.
there's no batteries it's usb charged ;)
that was awesome win!
ed i can't take those man!
pleading for someone to take me seriously?
we all take you seriously!
like calling millions "deplorable"??
does the truth offend you? its true that racists (&amp; the like) are deplorable.
emotionally i'm a civic nationalist but logically i know the only way to preserve the culture is ethnonationalism.
white people will be a minority by 2050 compared to all other groups combined.
just landed in mpls with 20 min layover. will i make my seattle flight in time? or will i miss it and have to start a new life in minnesota?
minnesota is a great place!
jerk from queens? maybe? most corrupt candidate for president of all time? not. ok, you don't like him, how do u justify her?
hillary is not a total dove. she has backbone to her, but unlike pathological trump, she can admit when she's wrong.
this is more about the fact that he has been nicknamed rocky since he was 18 months old.
btw, my parents named my brother willie, so we'll soon have an officer willie...
so where is the best official angular2 tutorials. now that angular2 is now official???
the angular docs have a good tutorial: and i'm working on an update to my pluralsight course.
she's worried that josh desecrated a grave. so the witch uses it against her.
did you read the guardian piece heather wrote?
next he will have a chat with cartoon and ask him what his favorite breakfast cereal is.
it's colbert who does the cartoon interviews
or the fact that the tesla "neural network" and "self learning" stories are unmitigated bullshit ??
not at all. i have driven a models in an area where no tesla had ever been before, control was ok, next lap: perfect
or the fact that the tesla "neural network" and "self learning" stories are unmitigated bullshit ??
i think a little follow up is in order.
i'm listening to travis scott for the first time. let's see how this goes.
my rapid reaction is i miss andre 3000.
one presidential candidate alluding to the assassination of the other. here, in america.
this is really sickening, considering the history of political assassination in this country.
also is a great airline i flew to london
that one is great too.
they used to weak women. not us. next
this was in a classroom full of people doing a breath work seminar! i had said three words!
when you confront sniffles for his crimes in 9th gr but he turns out being a dick and a half &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
wow excuse my typo, too disappointed to spell :)))
[soap opera narrator voice] she would die for sarah paulson..... but would she sit through the new season of american horror story for her?
she has entered a hot tub with a glass of ros . verdict: yes
screenshotting this.
i aint scared
i suggest you study . all he has are facts and dates because he's been researching this case for 4 yrs
he's an embarrassment, kurt. how does it feel to be on the wrong side of history? i'm sorry, i gotta block you.
as a human, even if we differ, i am not going to watch from the side. obama would have let them die if the world hadn't spoken
i don't condone annihilation of any group. but there is a clear favoritism towards a communist terror group, ypg that is
you directed a great film! my church loved it!
hey thanks!
i take that back. i'm solid and i can be in one but the timing always bad
: spot fucking on
how did i know iman shumpert would cheat? just knew it
but the gag is teyana gone stay with him!
it's getting to be that time of year. what is the best horror video game out right now?
bioshock remastered
you're onto something here
he explained it tho
yeah its not his was way worse lol n she wasn't really throwing him utb
he said it in front of her he was just loose lipped not intentional but not smart
open a restaurant and pay 15$/hr. wont be long b4 u go ouy of business.
no thanks, i don't know the restaurant business. but i pay everybody $15+/hr at the business i do own.
just like lbj huh? you know, civil rights act guy? just watch, this job isn't academia. he's results driven and legal!
trump has proposed broach of so many laws (and has actually broached so many already), press &amp; das can't keep up.
unrelated but so glad to see u briefly yesterday!!!!!!!!!
yes too briefly!!
cannot believe she said that ("any dad..." what?)
unfortunately i've heard worse recently
ok. i just got for us.
put a link to your medium post on for the lack of anything better right now.:)
all of their packaging is recyclable!!
still wasteful, recycling takes energy. may be better for the environment to throw it out.
that's not a magic trick... that's just an spray can and a lighter
the other day i finally tried out the ol' fart n' light.
hey gregg.
salud bro
and always has been, a party for the people!
guess dems must of zoned out in history class, oh wait, maybe they went to a safe place
as i unpacked the fifth kimono i realized that knows be better than myself.
it is perfect satin kimono weather tho
you mean the only guy who still polls better than hillary?
dummy, polls don't count, votes do and this idiot barely won his state
task 1, take a nice walk and respond to 80 unread texts.
task 2, watched some mad men, did some real boring paperwork.
never say no to a squat pose in your high school uniform.
looking good missy. we need to get some grum i need to get over my obsession with the critters.
she would throw chelsea and bill under the bus if it insures a win in november.
you've got that right! power hungry 4 prestige of wh.sadly,too much baggage that will bring her down
good to see you today !!
one of the greatest sounds around!!!
this was your father's lightsaber. he murdered 30 kids with it.
"wait a sec, i'm pretty sure my brother-in-law works on the ."
that's meeee, or at least my dobie side at any rate.
the bestest of breeds *woof!*
i'm maybe a little bored with environmentalism as a theme in games, even if it's a perspective i agree with.
but how else could you possibly portray elves gary? have you thought of that????
the other day i finally tried out the ol' fart n' light.
i'm sad to say i did not see the flame, but only my friend's eyes go round before he burst into laughter.
also i love your podcast!!
thanks bruh
that was pretty much my reasoning for jibril = lucio lol
daaawwww! y'all making me feel loved
congrats on your book! i'll be in ny next month; would love to connect.
hi carrie! sure thing - lots of travel coming up but email me and we will find something! jennifer.com
rt livingonchi: 7/11/11 the shelters that clinton built in haiti
shades of the katrina trailers.
that's stupid. one has nothing to do with another.
the issue is there are too many loopholes in this law. what is the purpose of carrying a concealed weapon?
just like lbj huh? you know, civil rights act guy? just watch, this job isn't academia. he's results driven and legal!
again, for example, self-dealing from 501(c)3, and illegal donations to 501(c)4s in his trump foundation 990s.
yeah, so we can get that stupid, completely unmotivated climb.
what's the deal with the thing in her foot? just another unexplainable spooky thing?
we think alike. when it's over, it's over. move on! have a really great weekend!
you too hun thank you
wish politicians could only say things that they actually meant and not things that they people want to hear.
we live in a democracy. if pols consistently told the real truth to voters there wouldn't be any. pols aren't priests
just realized that the villain of gremlins 2 is definitely trump, which raises a few obvious points about the election ... (1/173)
... a group of trolls, modernized and mutated by the eugenics branch of the vertically-integrated clamp mega corporation. (54/173)
the level of rhetoric is so low, my damn cat could jump over it. and the cat is under the weather.
best wishes to your cat... and the rhetoric.
breaking news: tells and that might happen.
actually us happening, as ped issue smoothed out!
fyi there are houses for sale in our neighborhood...
we're not moving until spring... and it depends on my husbands job if we stay around rochester.. buuut it doesn't hurt to look!
"rapper's delight" turns 37 today. see why it is one of the greatest hip-hop songs
happy bday! hotel motel holiday inn...fun song
this sucks! is out too..
i know. not good timing for !
trust me i've been through worst than that, you'll bounce back quick af
oh no i've been through way worst but i've been chillen for a minute and then gave him a chance smh
your guys sitting at home....oh i'm wrong he's rubbing elbows with obama. literally.
he's a sore loser, childish and he knows he's finished politically.
most emails are still styled with &lt;font&gt; and crap like that, because most clients don't support even half of css2
fwiw most support css, but not in the way you think:
and as per my hub "d'arnaud is still a f'in idiot". that's based upon pitch selection, folks.. oy. all's well that ends well..
your husband is a wise man!
hmm can u test it on me?
sure *symbol glows on my cheek and random powers come out at you trying to help*
we're not moving until spring... and it depends on my husbands job if we stay around rochester.. buuut it doesn't hurt to look!
can you dm me with a nearby street? i can check out zillow !
not even 10pm on a friday night and i'm already in bed watching the food network with my cats.
this speaks to my very soul
*two types of people. people who accomplish things, &amp; people who claim to have accomplished things. the first group is less crowded.*
*kindness is a language the deaf can hear &amp; the blind can see. get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.* -liar!
i wanna go out somewhere
where u wanna go
nah. he's just a follower of rippetoe and crossfit. very small population who's into fitness and knows nnt but not them.
i'm africa's can't understand this response unless there's a graph in it
i'm your best friend?! this is the best news ever :')
yes and ur so special ur name was underlined
turns out mct can go well beyond mars, so will need a new name...
spacey mcspaceship face
louder boos now for jay bruce, who is 0-for-3 and just got double-switched out of the game. the natives are getting restless.
the mob is fickle but a worthy boo nonetheless
who tf does he think i am
lol damn progress report for the last two games
open a restaurant and pay 15$/hr. wont be long b4 u go ouy of business.
and what do you do?
/ yes! students together/ michele is super lovely
hi ally! ~ michele
beyond last night w/ jimmy fallon, remember that trump is a racist
yes: everyone, agree, that trump is racist.he rapist too.
if you want to rip on and penn state maybe learn all the facts. maybe get on as a guest. if not, stfu
your boy ziggy has been discredited over and over. but you go, son:
when is god going to give me a man because i'm sick of little boys
stop giving the boys the time of day
nah. he's just a follower of rippetoe and crossfit. very small population who's into fitness and knows nnt but not them.
hmm...autocorrect. anyway, caleb can't understand unless there's a graph
my new crush is the man near me saying he watched "the stephen hawking movie - the imitation game." i feel like we have similar perspectives
he nailed it tbh
yeah, shes had to. count the scandals! i'll take rude ny'er over corrupt chicagoan everyday of the week!
when i lived in new york, we had an expression: "mafiosa gloriosa." for that faux "classy" mirror &amp; marble &amp; gold = trump
gee, maybe because iran has publicly stated that they want to wipe israel off the map?
we can only hope israel has nukes!
def agree with that but it's also tangentially part of a school of thought i don't wanna dismiss offhand
def agree with that. oppression loves to point to those partial victories and say "look, you won"
ugh. guice and reflection combined ... this must be how 'normal' engineers feel when considering how implicits work.
why. stahp. plz.
trump said he'd give away $5 million - or maybe $50 million - for proof obama was born in the u.s. will he pay it?
he's in 650 million, he doesn't have it, he's counting on becoming president to resolve his financial problems,he's broke!
it strikes me as very funny when a trumpster picks a fight with you and blocks you the instant you reply to their tweet.
that's because they have no argument
the great doug drexler designs the niners logo.
i'll credit/embarrass him on facebook
brother pedrojarevalo and i back it again, doing some gigs w our humboldt connection and...
playing in ny area?
starts 33 minutes in.
i'm sensing the chic who speaks first is one of the high iq brain dead types. still listening.
also also: what if twitter just had a tweetroll as part of your profile? wouldn't that be simpler than this?
the shoutouts succeed bcuz of its ridic. method, not in spite of it imo. method demands immediacy and repetition. users feel good
40% can't be african american if they're refugees
40% out of 50k homeless vets are african-american/hispanics
lol. comicon is around the corner!
can't wait!
but bummed because he didn't get the toy ship thingie
you can tweet the official giants site they might respond
sorry for all the questions... what is c:\_nothere__?
it's a path that is bogus so that an unset systempath doesn't pass undefined to fs.stat
quadruple impact triple matching expiring? bingo!!
it's like 911 times... 12!
good stuff w/theo trying to watch game in bleachers at wrigley; jed hoyer, jason mcleod, jared porter too -
where's the gorilla suit?
pretty much.
felt like it had a lot of "aliens?!" implications, that and the blinding light etc
sorry for all the questions... what is c:\_nothere__?
probably not necessary tbh
you have tyler
i couldn't do that to my man bartolo
from last night: the wanted a rogue. they got a rogue. column on preller's suspension.
mlb got it right "there was no "malicious intent to deceive" "never this belief that we're trading anybody that was hurt"
turned me towards neige d'ete in paris. was really good and great price as well.
yeah, she's extremely well traveled.
we are delayed, hold tight.
due to technical difficulties and 's is not happening tonight, but be sure to look out for their mix coming soon
fix your game please.....
was good with this servers man....
also, i'm open to the argument certain creator runs constitute single stories/epics. although none spring to mind that quite fit.
i always felt batman/superman: the supergirl from krypton always had an epic vibe to it.
this is now the time to honor your commitment and support our next president mr trump. like in the military honor and commitment
how can you ask a man w/o honor to act honorably
yeah, shes had to. count the scandals! i'll take rude ny'er over corrupt chicagoan everyday of the week!
trump is, and always will be, archie bunker in a business suit. he can move to manhattan, but his knuckles still drag.
get home from work and the house is empty. oh?
come party tn!
only if trends continue. that's what we're trying to reverse.
it's not just immigration. birth rates among non-whites is much higher than whites.
and/or stop falling for the douche bags lmao
yes i know it's hard but you'll soon figure who is right for you
i've been drinking for days straight now
brown water only
keep an eye on my proto
beautiful out in
always the sox first.
this is what happens when you raise 'em out of town.
democrats started the "birther movement" |..but there's no evidence hillary was involved. page 2&amp;in replies.
see twfor page 1 link to article:
it's chocolate with some ginger in it calm down
but, but, but...goddess. hope it was yummy at least :)
he's a mess
behind the music : jimmy fallon
i'm happier drinking my wine watching scherzer &amp; the nats now
well they are heading to the postseason to
hmmm, i always thought it was sort of ted turner but you raise a fair point
theres literally an art of the deal book cover with "clamp" written on it
a little fishing on pine island with my bestie.
so steve who got the first fish?
when you text him at 8:03 and he doesn't respond by 8:02
this is how i get when u take too long to answer me
furbq tomorrow at the irvine park in beautiful orange county! should be a lovely day. i will have my frisbee for some serious frisbee-ing.
a minotaur a frisbee and breakable picnic tables, this cannot end well.
this is a lie.
hillary did not have anything to do w this. cut it out!
omg moment! i'm psyched
50,000, eh? just heard it. !!!
it just be like that at least you know your pussy popping and honestly i think my love life worst than yours :/
why is that
true. get too lightheaded with my first pull
prolly die w that first pull!!
sometimes it feels like yesterday that i was just a kid studying in a quiet cafe in berkeley. good times.
you have no idea. it only gets better/worse. but all good. hope you are proud. you should be.
as president, i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you, the american people!
a five year lie ends with a new one
and when they do it's talking points only. never facts or substance
i was gonna say their response is memes and when you get them they respond with who cares
starts 33 minutes in.
damn. this is getting painful.
great to see leaders gather in my hometown to discuss these important issues.
momtreal, one of my favourite cities in the world. lived in otawa in 80s, went there so often!
one thing u never talk about at the bar is politics lol
literally said that to him.... he's plowing in through my discomfort
loving this print i got from galleries1988 by:
yes! thanks so much!
*she grew nervous &amp; confused* what's happening?
don't worry *takes off the cures*
i don't recognize any of them do you?
recognize what?!
this is what happens when you raise 'em out of town.
but they root for the sox as long as they're not playing the giants.
have fun! be safe! you look great
omg i needed to hear this im so drunk lol.
special kind of lunatic...
you must always consider the source!
the demographic trends can be reversed with a wall and deportations. which is why i'm voting trump.
so what about the non-whites born here? you can't deport those.
behind the music : jimmy fallon
the clumsiest late night show host
still a few tickets left for my shows tonight and tomorrow back on my home turf of long island. grab some tix...
still working on a plan to get out of work early. hope to see you tomorrow.
style guide is mostly defining styles. ds has that + components, adapt., loading pttrns etc to built in to create a coherent xp
also saw this post, trying to clarify some of the terms
sleeping on my husband odee like foh but u know wifey always got my boy back
yeah i already know
good thing it's the slowest time of year will be curious to see if club liv is packed tonight
announcement probably came too late for tonight, but maybe saturday? or maybe liv crowd won't care so much?
to the average user it does. all about people not wanting change or to learn. pity
yeah i suppose. it's so silly.
lax customs on a friday night. proof there is a hell.
i get my best tweeting done thanks to tsa. mostly angry but high volume
1) how often do you think about what is really considered music?
2) i mean i know people() who say what skrillex makes is just the noise of the future. and by that he means robots having sex
beer pour fail. i have to retake my dwarf certification test now. happy hour. thanks, obama!
i thought dwarves poured beer directly into face, bypassing glass altogether?
14 overlooked shows that deserved more emmy love via
bsg for sure!
is going to his senior boat cruise today tweet him and tell him to start a mosh pit at boat cruise
i'm planning to
liberal narrative violation! "i know fallon isn't a journalist, but f**k him for trying to make trump likable."
but trump is likeable and always has been! wake up duuff!
i olives in my martinis. preferably large and stuffed with garlic or jalapeo. (also fewer germs)
local bar w hand stuffed olives; i order a martini &amp; a tapas plate they're that good
get involved, raise your voice and stand up for what you believe in. we're stronger together
issad that most republicans are driven by . never again i will vote for a republican...
i was feeling depressed today after the donald's bs this morning. has renewed my hope... lets go!
don't let that ass get you down. personally, i've been in a complete trump blackout and i'm a happier person
3d model of clitoris hailed as the potential trigger for a 'sexual revolution':
look at this picture!!!
we had a safe space when i fired your ass joint statement bye
addendum: (lazy) ashley gold is a virus, who doesn't get to walk away with simply liking tweets.
friday elizabeth cannot think of anything worse rn than having a boy come over and try to touch me
you're the best
dude shoulda posted this on monday im not ready to cry yet
he's not going to see it cause he will be on the way to the airport without his phone /)
lmao right it's obviously curious george the big red dog omfg get new friends
hahaha exactly
they are literally talking about pepe no msnbc right now.
go to facebook, twitter is censoring this
would probably love to know he was there!!!!
if they knew they'd probably have had him do the first pitch
no other way to put it...harry reid is a pig. reid in nasty battle with trump over weight, injury
reid is the most unreliable senator in the history of senate he does nothing but stagnate any progress
your fav movie of last year was fucking love live kenny
nah, that's just my twitter persona. probably fury road, or maybe the room.
twitter is doing the right thing. my tweets are unlovable. hi coulton!! every time i see a pug i think of you
thank you. every time i see a guy fieri meme i think of you and .
i'm so mad i can't get the iphone 7 for another month
better than waiting another year and a half.
whoa, whoa, whoa, what?
i have acquired an unnecessarily large collection. (i would still keep some, of course.)
abe rising approval suggests dpp backtrack on it means they cant be trusted
for a party secgen you need a good whip. iow, an asshole. kinda like that mapplethope photo.
. if it gets nationalized the stock goes to zero. that's outlier risk but not zero probability. $db
zero is precisely the floor at which db will find firm support.
evil cortana will suffice
i beheaded chief, here ya go...
pro-speech perspective absent from university's 'free speech' series
these pseudo universities must be stopped. don't give them federal funds.
what would make that a better experience?
1. i'm used to stylus/pencil. also i did myself no favors by doing it on a phone on a train.&lt;-- but that capability itself amazng!
that's super gorgeous. congrats on one year
thank you
deep down i do. but it's friyayyyyy
worddddd. i ain't staying home lol.
darnit now i'm hella craving some hamachi, sake and a dragon roll
i was already there
it's true but the guy is a cable tv mogul and the building is sort of the time-warner center
oh touch will have to revise thesis
y'all better watch out for . he's gonna have an oscar before you know it.
yes! he's killing the game!
are social services going to arrest them?
lmao... not gonna lie i was thinking the same thing
sim card ejection tool! def was not expecting that...
in the iphone package?
i was literally at fox studios like i wasn't even nearby a busy street
what do they think this is? disneyland?
more creepy than scary.
yes!!! i just finished it the other day. it was great!!
ok, citizens: tomorrow is a supersized label-ganza for , starting at 9am. buckle your safety bat-belts!
fasten your seat belts, it's going to be a bat-tastic ride! commendation for promotingtheuse of seat belts, batman!
i just know i've been played around with it's cool though and ayeee you're a new internet friend you a real one
same love. it's out here being attractive lol. niggas swear they gon give you the world then they play you but yes you too
i talked about this over 12 hours ago when i saw it live. my ears are still bleeding. please make it stop.
maybe he is the singular comedic genius of our time?
stop blaming buhari for nigeria's woes - anambra monarch via
nigeria is a maturing democracy. it's citizens must hold its leaders to account- always
but i have yet to find a satisfying answer to the problem of evil for an omniscient god-like figure that is worth praying to
but in my mind a figure just lends ease to the mind of what you're feeling. a face to a name...
lol talked to someone who referred to angel investing as a 'cute phase'
the bay is wild, you don't understand the concept of 'fuck you money' until you've been to the bay
i just left, which could leave a space?
aw ha, i just left too
yeah, i'll go with: process.env.systemroot &amp;&amp; fs.statsync(process.env.systemroot)
sometimes i am not good at computer
the actors in the boat....
no i didn't recognize them yesterday i looked . the mgs
watch out for more voter fraud!! they know how to do it!!
dems are experts at election fraud. proves it.
i might be one of those rare lgbt people who are less interested in apologies
it might be because i'm not really sentimental, but i'd rather see positive action than words, even nice words.
don't talk to me about an opinion i had literally 4 or 5 years ago. we all grow. i like rap not violence.
apparently everyone doesn't grow that's why a man his age is talking violence.
you are an intellectual elitist who has forgotten who gets everything done in this country!
that's a nice ad hominem you got there.
native american reservations, i presume.
american innovation!
"[h]e strongly urged me to investigate the exact place of president obama's birth, which he suggested was in kenya."
you continue to disappoint. your work has been atrocious this cycle.
was such a wonderful ep and truly wonderful to see them talk about other cultures. amazing job
farkle is a weirdo and such a baby..
during a magical evening at the at parcel 5, is slaying a little cardigans.
it's really magical to see a hometown band like , on a perfect september night, in the middle of downtown at .
tried and failed to get a this morning...
my amazon preorder came through! yay
taylor swift's wardrobe is goals. goals.
someone needs to reevaluate their life goals
but in my mind a figure just lends ease to the mind of what you're feeling. a face to a name...
or like a bully. a mean person generally looks however you imagine them to look &amp; then boom, you have a face for evil.
if this was before the national press corp, why wasn't there more about this in the news?
one has to wonder right?
to me, sounds like a premium service that's not worth taxpayer expense.
it's same suburbanite obsession with airport access vs basic daily trips, because it's only time they'd rather not drive.
okay,4those that have followed methank you.this flu really hit me.so a general thanks2 uprecious folks.honored
more committed then ever 2support trump/pence.let's save
if we looked at income across specific education levels there may not be a gap
that seems plausible to me.
3) but he's going to a country concert. what is country but back roads, beer, heartache, and guitars?
4) to that end, what is any type of music but a vibration that resonates with our mind?
so over these sinus headaches every night
tell me about it can't stop sneezing
why make everything exclusive? tell arnab, i told facts on sept 13
made my day - thank you for sharing . i will now go have an ice cream...
the actors in the boat....
the mgs gals said sam was filming elsewhere on 2nd unit!
i'm always complaining about my phone being dry, but i have the most amazing friends who text me constantly. i'm just greedy with attention.
plus the one person i want to text is always dry asf and is acting so annoying
sooo what are you wearing
omg an incredible top. it's orange for carrot night cc:
i just deal in cold hard loud facts. excited to visit though!
maybe i'll come though. mohegan sun has been handled, pc is next. then i can worry about conference games
or like a bully. a mean person generally looks however you imagine them to look &amp; then boom, you have a face for evil.
i mean...the war on terror or drugs...kinda makes sense to me.
just found this show on demand and i like it
love that show!!
i watched both episodes of pokmon generations and all of pokmon origins today which means i didn't play pokmon go at all.
i watched origins a few weeks ago, loved it and right until the end.
turns out mct can go well beyond mars, so will need a new name...
the wanderlust
well we can't &gt;legally&lt; deport those
trump, if he won, won't be king. he can't do anything without congress where no dems support him and many reps hate him too
it's the deplorables that are exploding. desperate, crazy to stop hillary. and powerless to do it.
he's home "dicking the bimbos!"
there is no live stream, but you can watch on . here's how to find it in your area:
or not. because no offense it's a weird fringe channel
"clinton is the real birther so you should vote for trump" is definitely the stupidest thing ever; only question: by magnitude of 10 or 100?
let's say 85. bound to something even more stupid from trumpkins in a day or 2
i love so much, which makes me that more sad that their smart tv app is so bad
maybe it's the smart tv that's bad
i like , but is not one of the marx brothers. don't fuck around with this election; vote for hillary, nobody's perfect.
welcome back !!!!!
special olympics softball tournament tomorrow clute tx i be playing outfield
enjoy the tournament tank. it sounds like a great time.
starts 33 minutes in.
oh shit. she just salivated over a post-cash society. that will be the zombie apocalypse.
sunday we won't be friends
i expect it to be a good game. i don't hate the saints at all. drew brees and eli i expect will have another shoot out in our
hahahah!!! been there. i once told a friend to have run in mexico. she said, "i hope not. that wld be awful".
what is it that they say? "don't drink the water" i bet she stuck to bottled water lol.
unfortunately for you, me, and the rule of law, hillary knows it's "good to be a clinton" -&gt;
is a radical christian therefore an enemy of freedom and liberty and justice for all.
made it to the couch
one small step for womankind
going to see labyrinth on the big screen tonight! the bowie bulge will be massive. anyone else seeing it tonight?
i saw it on wednesday!
what a huge play. perfect play by everyone
amazing. knew britt's sinker was a little off tonight. thought souza tied it. team save.
firefox is slow, lodash is fast ^ object cloning benchmark ^
you're probably done with this, but would love to see immutable.js + elm (if you're creating new objs duh!)
if it's cold it probably is. here is the chinese for confirmation: in any case, i want some
box says , so i think it's confirmed. these are far superior to traditional moon cake
4) to that end, what is any type of music but a vibration that resonates with our mind?
5) as such everyone should appreciate all types of music. everyone is a different person and everyone is going to like different things
it's getting to be that purple and gold time of year.
why are the purple flowers common to fall anyway?
never saw that match. my best memories of sycho sid actually were in 1996 and 1997.
oh ok, i thought you might have remembered when he used to do the stretcher angle with the call 911 thing lol
sounds awesome! which model dodge are you cruising in??
my 06 4x4 big horn w/hemi
kennedy and reagan tax cuts on the way! can do 4% gdp growth on the way!
reagan's cut from 50% to 28% began steamroll of debt to our 1st $1trillion. went to $4t under gwhb.
anyone who thinks rape jokes are funny has bigger problems than most, as far as ruined, what???!!
comedy ... i guess?! these ppl are weird.
haha, you're better than me at windows. really appreciate the hand holding!
reading up on wow64 fs redirection is useful if you get bored, you can get hella trolled by it if you don't know it's there
welcome back rally
great shots! getting excited to see our yearbook this year!
thanks girl i'll try that!
they're $5 during happy hour!
for tomorrow, should i program up a giant greatest hits package?
you mean all the pow! bam! and biff! signs? closed captioning, batman!
wish i could post about some of the new clarence stuff, just watched a final episode mix of a special one...just gotta wait and see!
just email mp4s of the episodes.
for the nyc meet up, please get in touch with ;)
i've been running the ethereum meetup in nyc for 2 yrs and have never met iohk_carlo_etc.. let's meet soon
nothing to say, ? trump on hillary clinton bodyguards: "take their guns away, see what happens to her"
it's time both you &amp; speak out &amp; not let continue destroying the party!
i'm baffled at why fans are surprised at what is going on...
i think i see you at the game lol
shouldn't we be, uh, paying them? $5/hr is less than minimum wage.
if they get paid wages, they're ineligible for various benefits. so they get stipends and other forms of support.
a jam-packed starts now - we're joined by trump campaign manager now!
sean, obama had a white mother, yet he is considered african american, dictionary white mom, black pop, is mullato!
shouldn't we be, uh, paying them? $5/hr is less than minimum wage.
(i've been working with them. they're good folk)
5) as such everyone should appreciate all types of music. everyone is a different person and everyone is going to like different things
6) you don't have to like everything but you should appreciate the work artists put in to create a medium which people enjoy
bags at r always at least 40 mins late, so bad.
. oh !. i feel for you. it is soo bad to be waiting without control of what they are doing with your belongings.
"i expect you to be like a porn star." guess that friend
my guess is def
haha, you're better than me at windows. really appreciate the hand holding!
it's the actually pretty clever trick that windows pulls on 32-bit apps to make them run unmodified on 64-bit windows
it feels like someone is stabbing my frontal lobe
know the feeling
lmao how can i ignore the shit over his head?? but those chains are cute
another pic lol i deleted the other pic. that was petty
well at least i was being honest. "now you know who really the queen, deliver the mail."
"you could guess who it is, mary j blige i'm boutta handle my biz"
kennedy and reagan tax cuts on the way! can do 4% gdp growth on the way!
reagan's bulk-up of military also failed utterly to foresee end of cold war. we overspent badly.
this is unacceptable. isn't this his 2nd time saying something like this? sounds like a threat to hrc?
yes, it is. i don't see how he continues to get away with it!
wait. did you make an appt to buy a phone?
yes. you have to. i take it you've never preordered and iphone.
watch 's sensual, paint-heavy new music video for "play"
i'm blown away! sexy sexy drag queen. looking flawless phi congratulations on this release
also trying not to be nervous going to the mountain winery after last weekend's disastrous beach boys show.
save me from bad concerts, lucinda williams!
oh god. why did i decide to try almond milk??
because you're a sucker for fads?
type trash maybe cause i'm tired of it
i just started i never liked fish
you must always consider the source!
or maybe this guy??
heartiest b'day greetings to sh ji,a dynamic and decisive pm of masses.may india continue to prosper under ur able leadership
do your bit and gift him and all us indians a divisive media mukht swach bharat!
without explanation, donald trump changes his tune on the "birther" movement.
hey nshr! i want to know why u r silent on deception n dwell on
talk all z smack you want, but you've both been served notice.
smack ? bring rigorous science or stop spreading junk. cc
wife continued the lost rewatch without me and now i have no idea what's going on. desmond has time-traveled into a pub or something?
maccutcheon
palestinian ambassador to serbia muhammad nabhan said that "kosovo has always been part of
if you're going to re tweet me, you might as well retweet everything is posted.
ayoooo!! &amp; good math marina
i'm not only pretty but i'm smart too!!!!
seeing three tall women (way too young) made me fall in love w theater. edward albee is a legend, genius, treasure.
saw that in london when i was in college.maggie smith starred.was the best theatre experience of my life
never saw either&amp;i agree. redmayne's oscar was for bipolar leather mom in jupiter ascending we must stop pretending otherwise
i couldn't make it more than 20 min into imitation
i get home from work and my parents are so drunk and they're like "take a shot with us!!" i'm not sure who these people are
i still did it though i'm not a pussy
this photo nicely captures the shit show that was today's trump event.
you mean the new hotel where everything came from china and the press was shut out yep t.rump socks big time
after a long week on the trail it's great to get a family dinner in with and our 5 little trouble makers.
you, my new brother need to get ready for 2020 or 24 as america is gonna need long term trump to right this ship!
back shooting . what's your favorite part of the show? what would make it better?
. my favorite part, chris, is when you remind us you were an early uber investor. that was you, right?
remember this? "i'll release my tax returns when releases his birth certificate" you're up
- by now we all know msm does not hold trump 2 same standard as previous candidates 4potus!
most exp. campaign folks will tell you that lawn signs mostly exist to shut up the people asking for them.
billboards too tho; two trump in pa, zero clinton
ummm clem im confused..but let's test him out...hey glem wat ur thoughts on cadbury mini-eggs??
not a big mini egg guy. have dabbled in cadbury bars, an occasional fan
you're making an awful lot of assumptions. also we can get rid of welfare which will reduce non-white birthrate.
you think the congress will support just ending immigration? you think dems will support ending welfare? com'on
i need a good horror movie in my life
the babadook
honestly, fuck the reviewers who called the light between the oceans a chick flick. seriously, fuck yinz.
alicia vikander having a miscarriage in early 20th century oceania qualifies as a "chick flick?" no--fuck you and fuck you.
going to sne wx conference!
awesome! me too! will meet up when there :)
what do you think?
what a dumb ass talking about real shit in public. niggas had no aim or they woulda caught a body. stupid to brag on that.
yea. the twist in the cave was not for a fan of my time.
yep, but understand the desire to tie together the stories.
yasay: we can't be america's 'little brown brothers' forever
so true! we can't have us telling ph government how to run the country...
never heard of him
who tf is dude lil jay voice
lmao only atlanta would work on 75/85 at night on the weekend
bruh they really tested me knowledge of back roads last night....shit was ridiculous
"the gold club has one helluva buffet, kevin"
he ain't wrong
warwick...guess i ain't sleeping the night of the 28th. takes a while drive from nh
will be glad to see ya!
thanks to everyone who ordered books this past week or so (headphones not included)
it's so good!!
absolutely, our sales support advisors can be reach here:
i've spent probably 6 hours on the phone with them in the last week and zero answers.
that's what i said!!!
if we had known ahead of time we could have tipped them off.
when you convince your friends to come see with you
i would have gone im so sad
yasay: arbitral tribunal cannot be enforced because pca has no enforcement mechanism
absolutely right. , pla forces have initiative. so what is realistic policy?
love this show. almost missed it.
gonna watch it tonight no commercials dvr
if they were silicone they would be huge. i mean if you're going to dream, dream big rotfl!!!
i'm going to be quiet on that.
sounds like a success to me. it's something to build on.
agree - w not much promo around it either
did you see any sea otters.
no but i saw a giant fucking condor flying super low to the ground
we were there in july, and i was surprised at how much trash we had to walk around, just like that!!
we don't have alleys!
not a prob...... i thank the lord for you, too..... brother... but i have to admit... confess.... my heart is stone.
the sweetest of hearts always find a place to gather and find peace. trump!!!
almost an entire family dies after young mom makes simple mistake in the kitchen...
dont encourage factualstuff . here's story: family died from toxic gases in rotting potatoes
i see. rt : cops threaten not to protect dolphins who kneeled to end police brutality
because it is a pervasive ideology or attitude. its not state sponsored hte. its a few idiots. nothing can be done!
i go to about 50 games a year, life long fan (age 62) and got it from my mom. wanna sit next to me at a game.
my daughter attended her first complete game before she could walk; bleeds orange and black.
. reports $2.9m wasted or supplies per yr; anesthesia can reuse those clean blue towels
i had no idea the blue towels were reusable
was hoping to see
you didn't see my usain bolt impression?
philosophy explained by yahoo answers
next up, poststructuralism reviewed on angie's list
friday night plans = .
i'm here from stl cheering on the cardinals!!!!
holy fix bomb. apple maps, you are not messing around.
i know one of the folks in charge of those reports. they're taking all of that stuff much more seriously now.
ffs, no racism in the comment.
dude, you invoked an obscene racist trope to mock someone.
dude in black tee shirt behind home plate has an epic mullet going on!!
the joys of texas
expect the number of eligible voters in philly and pittsburgh to double in the nestvsix weeks.
in some pcts of philly, obama won 105% of registered voters in 12. tough to beat that...
homecoming jv update: 44 - 14
that's a first
anthony davis practiced thursday, reported head injury afterward. not enough time to clear return-to-play protocol.
this guy is killing me
wait. did you make an appt to buy a phone?
had to wait 2+ hours and he had an appointment.
if they were silicone they would be huge. i mean if you're going to dream, dream big rotfl!!!
or is that called a large happy meal
should i update to paypal business? is there any additional fees associated with it or is it just like basic account but.. business.
no additional fees associated with it, basically all it does is let's you set a business name &amp; invoices, shipping
rape is a heinous crime, but lying about it is...
she should have to do the 6 now. maybe half for coming clean.
the pettiness of this all i'm crying laughing
i really don't even know what verse rah had
i only do it for the beer
how's your whale meat dinner?
love this teacup bird feeder! fun way to repurpose old china for your back garden! (refeatheryournest on etsy)
what a cool idea!
i remember when liked me then didn't like me just to like me again
i don't remember that
the mint tips stuck! there's this weird black patch in the back though? i guess i didn't get as much bleach there, but i'll live
different hair textures come to light via processing. i have a stubborn blob area in back, never took color well.
is the closed stance extinct at the pro level?
this is a weirdly angled picture but this looks like an open stance backhand
a jam-packed starts now - we're joined by trump campaign manager now!
you might want to smarten up jenna lee, her liberal bias is showing, called trump a liar when he said clinton started birthed!
i'm telling ya they normally do , i might have to go check it out tomorrow night. you going to the game sunday?
yup i'm going to be there forsure ! damn that'll be so dope if they're out here in fremont tho
i see. rt : cops threaten not to protect dolphins who kneeled to end police brutality
just like theres always gonna be a bust @ the top of the draft, things happen. this whole shutting on the flag~disgracedul
ya'll - i've been coming across job postings and i can't do it but i think one of ya'll might could. i'll make a thread.
people is looking for a social media editor in ny:
you're making an awful lot of assumptions. also we can get rid of welfare which will reduce non-white birthrate.
and even the notion of deporting natural born citizens would put the label of deranged racist on anyone.
the cats are back in the fucking aisles again and a lot of them are very hot
i feel like this is some kind of awakening for you
no, he wants to be great! obviously! if him wanting to b great gets us from 30 to 1st in education, let him be great!
trump's education policy is to scrap high standards -- all fed standards, actually.
"who cares if they beat and verbally abuse you, they're you're parents "
lmao deaadasss people have the wildest ideals. esp when it comes to love vs. family. sooo annoying brooo
succulents on wedding cakes is honestly so fucking cute
is that a thing??? this changes the game
we'd like to look into this with you. what kind of headphones are you using with your iphone and that adapter?
now seem to be working after a restart for what it's worth in the qa process.
even is ready for his own set
this is gonna be crazyy
i hate that shit. if you don't see colour then you don't see me, asshole. ugh.
so annoying smh
blocking everyone who goes to marist still on snapchat during the weekend... you guys are killing me.
your at a rooftop bar in the city like 4 nights a week ...
kim kardashian celebrates the anniversary of her app by sharing a photo of herself
the less talented you are the less clothes you wear
91% of what trump says is false
hides deception dwells on bs
that's the problems with you you like to compartmentalize &amp; not get the whole picture.
not a progressive. just don't understand the leap. radical muslims aren't walking down the street for a shootout.
just no giant leaps
ok ok a slow shuffle
this is a weirdly angled picture but this looks like an open stance backhand
yeah 100 percent open stance ... closed stance used on a lot of backhands
tmrw at 1 pm?
if i was in ny, yes. 100%
2 long time clinton flunkies - syd blumenthal and mark penn were knee deep in it. you are as blind as trumpkins.
let me block you. stay ignorant homie
you're probably done with this, but would love to see immutable.js + elm (if you're creating new objs duh!)
tried immutable -&gt; 0ms. it cheats by achieving clone-like result without cloning.
turns out mct can go well beyond mars, so will need a new name...
iabmct. infinity and beyond.
it was amaze
ugh. they always make my bad moods so much better
how are you seeing my posts if you muted them?
i unmuted u the other day
why is it the every time i see that kfc commercial featuring the extra crispy colonel i think politics?...
perfectly logical conclusion!
my snack got lost in my purse, so i guess i'm on a diet now.
you could just eat the entire purse.
who wld win in a fight, willie nelson or 2 randy newmans
randy's pretty large
psa: goat cheese is a great addition to salads
late in the game homie
lmao u always come on the tl wit this pointless expensive shit bri rt : woooooow i fucking need
i like nice things!
td pulled blake lets gooo
llololololol 2k did bosh so dirty
what abt ttoo gimp?!?! you've been through mmm boot camp!
true! i'm down for all of the above!
salute to for bringing my attention to this song.
listen to the one with future, shit slaps
i don't have hard feelings for yours either. i actually met obj &amp; he bought me a drink.
wow when did that happen lol last season?
"don't blow it this time dad!"
still pissed at him and melvin for not pulling him
you are better man than i am :d i can't see myself re-learning vim from scratch :)
there is vim-tutor on almost every machine ;)
bonfire tonight
i love bonfires
*kindness is a language the deaf can hear &amp; the blind can see. get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.* -liar!
the significance of the story lies illustrates a severe limitation from observations or experience the fragility of knowledge [ether]
do not go there its a trap
i've got it, robin. we'll have you put on a latex mask and turn into jill st. john!" role reversal,batman!
the movement isn't dead. you yourself told me to not watch the tv.
"the movement". lol. like he's bernie. respect
people is looking for a social media editor in ny:
amazon is looking for a women's market editor in ny:
i was joking i don't judge people of how they look it's how they act is my kinda thing but keemstar does both
well, if you were smart you'd realize that i dont look like that and didnt offend or hurt anyone.
tried immutable -&gt; 0ms. it cheats by achieving clone-like result without cloning.
??? interesting. so it keeps a reference to the changes or something?
alicia vikander having a miscarriage in early 20th century oceania qualifies as a "chick flick?" no--fuck you and fuck you.
everything about this movie is beautiful and heartbreaking. i can't even with the fuckwads.
trump has the unilateral power to stop immigration completely.
but you do know he won't.
woah i did not realize!
here's another: with practice, you can see polarization.
because i write about the alt-right, i've received hundreds of tweets with the same slur. they aren't very original.
you are very brave, and i commend you. i've got your back.
different hair textures come to light via processing. i have a stubborn blob area in back, never took color well.
or at least 'as well'. first part to loose a vibrant blue and turn 'food service lettuce' green-yellow.
moved the conversation to here.
saying a federal court judge, born in indiana, would be biased because "he's a mexican"
hillary clinton made it so easy to spot deplorables, they so proud of their ignorance and 13th century mentality they changed their names!
. i quoted your "people are more sexist than racist" tweet but couldn't find your handle to give you credit. mea culpa!
: why am i depressed?
i'm pretty convinced this election is going to kill me.
i blocked that douchebag what a stupid asshole joke liberals were such bad people cause we dont like rape idiots
yeah, that's one of the most offensive tweets ive ever seen in my entire life!
get those steps in girly
ooh girl, you already know
that's what i said!!!
hey someone just got engaged on the lirr
btw - you do know its 20trillion now right?
yes. trump's tax plan would increase our $20t in debt by 50% - 60%, to $30-$32t.
interested in volunteering for ? here's a handy guide, organized by how much time you have to give.
would accept the help of a non-voting permanent resident? i'm in!
providence tasting menu with sups has to be up there, right?
yeah, i think providence chef's tasting is $220 pp base. providence's other menus (with supplements) are under that.
who needs plans
on campus ?
he deadass won't
aren't you sleep pussy ass nigga
brittany screamed while watching the conjuring 2 and i'm pretty sure it woke up the whole neighborhood
the neighbors know her name?
rice's mob band making fun of baylor's sexual assault scandal at halftime. referring to title ix here
why would anyone think that's funny? trashy
don't fuck with me , better be serious
jk i'm leaving to mexico tonight
billy butler got that babe ruth physique down pat.
and apparently the swing.
you know you're competitive when you eat the dinner leftovers for breakfast so your family doesn't get the opportunity.
survival of the fittest puddin, those hyenas won't feed themselves.
good candles are legit therapeutic.
and yes i'm spending a quiet evening alone burning candles. how's your friday???
down past the salton sea and brawley almost to the arizona boarder.
thanks. never even heard of it and i live in ca
episode is brilliant!
well ok but try sometime xo
i haven't played all day, i just got home. i'll play for 30 and rechal whether i win or lose
bro you've been playing this game for how long? you don't need to warm up lol
coach fatal for the invatational
ugh, idk. we'll see. i only have a drive to compete.
i reported it
thanks phil but it doesnt matter. i appreciate your support tho!!
trump has the unilateral power to stop immigration completely.
he and his business need immigration to make the profits he wants. he has used it for decades.
i believe you can hold down on a story and mute the user to no longer see their stories.
it should be the other way around.
i have. don't try to compare the d league to the nba.
i'll go back to europe now
my bartender last night said and i were regulars. yay! are we functional alcoholics?
to be fair to us, i think it's more due to the awesome bartender than the frequency of our visits
hey look it's another palo alto doesn't want your jobs story
funny thing is, for yrs palo alto is lambasted for jobs:residents imbalance ( &gt; 3), but when..
i ate a corned beef sammich tonight, at which wich.
never been there before
bruh spoilers
that season ended 5 months ago, your timeframe to be upset about spoilers has long passed
not a fan of hot tea. love it iced. have a fabulous herbal tea from that i have iced.
my mom always have me tea when i was sick.
ah, edward albee is gone. he was my all-time favorite playwright. "tiny alice" changed my brain and the way i thought about plays.
i don't know it. will look it up now!
so many red flags. no pun intended
another one
rt if you think jimmy fallon betrayed america tonight by having trump on as a guest.
and whenever andrea mitchell comes on...i change channels. if you do too, pls rt
220 yards and 5 touchdowns
against who ?
fuck that, i'm going out for a massage followed by alcohol.
why am i missing this??
i think if you like skrillex you have deep rooted psychological issues and low key want to commit crimes against humanity
this is a horrible generalization so i'm going to make one of my own. i think if you like luke bryan you're a trump supporter.
pix11news
love a harvest moon pic! thank you for sending!
btw - talking about no child left behind standards?
bush-era nclb has some good, some bad. cc too. but i want high standards for nation. not "no standards" as is trump policy.
i heard it was good. what are your thoughts?
they always do a great job with these documentaries, but this one tugs at the heart strings more.
why is he a trump guy and ur a hilary girl?
he's a republican who told me my gauges are ugly and i should present myself more like a lady, for starters
only work on the 7? how can we test it?
pretty sure cause of no taptic engine anywhere else, can't do pin point precision with the motor otherwise.
fraud:scammed disabled vets 4 pitiful amt of $ no real billionaire wld bother with. won't release taxes bc he's broke
the disabled-here's how trump treats the disabled("this guy"won a pulitzer for piece on hells angels)
lest we forget you used to work with one
lol i was waiting for you to reply :p
get them while they'r hot, i think i'm going to take them off the market tomorrow! cheers!
that's like, third grade cursive, ghost...
besides my daughter and my partner, the thing i'm most perpetually awed by is the moon. always amazing.
um what about the sun???
the significance of the story lies illustrates a severe limitation from observations or experience the fragility of knowledge [ether]
while one desires better options than a vacuum against which to react; the relation of action to reaction remains relatively the same
locked in for the first pitch
yall not gonna show the pitch?
i remember that time a communist said gmos would work outside of capitalism. eliminate capitalism and the need for gmos ceases entirely.
now that they killed the bees w "zika spraying" lets see the gmos pop up!
people is looking for a social media editor in ny:
hbc (saks, lord+taylor) is looking for a social media manager in ny: lots of positions open - check their site.
bribed ags in florida &amp; texas to terminate fraud investigations of trump u.
a bit of the pot calling the kettle bulk, sounds like to me
because someone who speaks this way has psych problem called "flight of ideas".
like mr. kimble from "green acres"... but incredibly evil.
that's called combinatorics, b/c it tries to combine small numbers into a bigger one. doesn't work.
you gotta start with small, baby, newly-hatched numbers, right ?
watched paper moon a few months ago on a whim and made me proud of the show. characters and stories still hold up
they do! just rewatched whole series recently.
i've wanted to start a thread of my favorite breakdowns for over a year and i have yet to do it. maybe tonight will be the night.
thu art is murder-whore to a chainsaw
only work on the 7? how can we test it?
i had ios 10 during the betas and am sure i didn't feel these feedbacks. it's all over the os, you'll know it if it's there.
.: "[] made a tremendous sacrifice to run for president."
what sacrifice?
my rapid reaction is i miss andre 3000.
i want to hear this record with 85% less vocal effects.
you can get your tribe out the universities, federal reserve, government, and media, and back to israel, your home.
oh you see, we're getting somewhere. you do agree that israel is my home. nice. thank you. oh, np regarding the &gt;&gt;&gt;
yeah, i meant this to say open stance is so prevalent that you rarely see closed stance (esp. passing shots).
closed stance backhands prevalent, closed stance forehands not at all
i refuse to go to the grape festival
but you'll go to a high school football game?
i'm not there lol
i could have sworn that you were there lmao.
costa got bodied
fuck liverpool
i saw the trailer for and i was like i think i have talked to that director on twitter over the years lol.
congrats on it and so much more ! it looks like a winner, really captivating story.
by any conceivable measure, i'm better at joking about programming than i am at programming.
replace joking with podcasting and that is me
lol me too! i wish i'd started earlier
started laundry or your own business ? :p
ok but i can't do that but i can make some bitchin soup from scratch. we need to combine out powers!
we could actually make one real human meal!
break open lightning connector, cut the 3.5mm, solder it, 3d print a strain relief clip, epoxy &amp; shrink-sleeve.
... or, duck tape
your tears are delicious. now make sure you boycott fallon monday night when your hag illary is on.
yup i was so upset that i was crying. thats hilarious. since you couldnt have been tasting my tears, what were u really doing?
feels great
who are you dude
everything about this movie is beautiful and heartbreaking. i can't even with the fuckwads.
if you'd like to know my stance on how little miscarriages are talked about, here you go
american honey (2016). despite some redundancy, i love seeing textures of life that so rarely make it to the screen today
andrea arnold got me singing a song. what is going on
btw - talking about no child left behind standards?
i've been a nclb tutor &amp; taught in hs. homeschooling is sub-par for students where family already suffers poverty &amp; poor ed.
hi , thank you so much for your time on today. very inspiring, blunt and +vely provoking. have a nice one!
thanks bunmi!
it was during the offseason after "the catch" because that's what i called him
that's amazing. i'm sure you were thrilled!! he's a new orleans native as well just like eli manning.
with or without the bar car?
there's no more bar car they probably met on the lirr otherwise why else pop the question here
llololololol 2k did bosh so dirty
no chris paul tho .... wasnt a good pack opening :/
!!! aromatherapy is real!!! what's you're favorite candle rn?
yesss. currently my buddy
called for secret service agents guarding to disarm to "see what happens to her." a truly evil man.
. we've watched from afar other countries electing despot con men not once believing the day would come to the u.s. of a.
wikileaks founder's rape arrest warrant upheld in sweden:
pls sweden come get your garbage
being professional on twitter is so tough y_y
yep. gotta hold your tongue. not easy
got my niggas name on my sweater
it's actually his sweater but he's my boyfriend so it's technically mine now
your tears are delicious. now make sure you boycott fallon monday night when your hag illary is on.
that was just about the worst comeback of all time when i was just being nice saying your name suits you!
because the nazis committed truly horrible crimes. they are not role models.
i can believe in 2016 we actually have to say this! i don't have words angry enough.
first up: campaign manager and longtime guest joins on !
this kellyanne is just a polite version of katrina pierson. how can she lie 2herself on trump?!
i love afros and hispanics ! i hate muslims!
110k coming oct.1st, bringing
amazon is looking for a women's market editor in ny:
victorinox/ swiss army is looking for a marketing coordinator in ny:
- first in best dressed !! love it. afl the doggies beat hawks. find out who we play later. go jets
i painted myself green once. at work! i was the hulk for halloween, 1984. people still talk about it!
13 pints of crushed tomatoes, plus 4 qts of spaghetti sauce, 5.5 pts of bbq sauce, and 6 pts of enchilada sauce. life is good!
omg! that is glorious!
i don't mind you giving me tickles. i was just playing around with you. :)
heh k xd,just a bit bored myself too
taco wednesday, friday, life got me like
this gif doe
wish i was turning up w/ ya'll i need friends weather is cool rn to be inside
things just don't feel the same without you
actually a two sisters/game of thrones book club would be the way.
two sisters/any book is something i'd be down for
funny thing is, for yrs palo alto is lambasted for jobs:residents imbalance ( &gt; 3), but when..
mayor says they'd like more balance, is faulted/scorned for saying jobs/'tech' not wanted there. c/
all this shit, sometimes their hot wives are different under all that makeup &amp; glamour --maybe its their attitude who knows
but with pop culture, there is a lot of problems with them existentially, high divorce rate and psychological issues
hannity: "coming up, hillary clinton had a disastrous week, more details just ahead." again, why are fox viewers ... confused?
hillary did not collapse on video and disappear for several days! do not believe your lyin eyes!
triple checked my amazon account. neither ordered nor paid for this... but let's get bubbly!!
update: my old roomie ordered it as a housewarming gift!!!!!!
this freaking 'pen sometimes. craig kimbrel shouldn't be needed in this win.
safe to say the abad trade was a failure. he is a mess. unreliable at this point
yeah i mean how do you explain mothman?? seals with wings??
don't y'all be dissing my heritage now
if you're a liberal and you don't understand how growth impacts revenue. that's your prob to begin with!
er. strawman now. i understand well how wealth is created. let's not be petty. focus on policy.
you can get your tribe out the universities, federal reserve, government, and media, and back to israel, your home.
we will leave. just please, do remind me, what is your occupation again?
lol i shoulda went yesterday
yes and no, yes because it was fun and no cause you woulda seen me trashed lol
yours? boy i'm so tempted to start smoking again lol
hell na not me that shit a pocket killer plus ion even be getting high like that no more
.: "[] is very tough. he's a natural leader... don't underestimate him in the debates."
what if he started retracting one lie a day till 11/8
10 reasons why a christian should vote for hillary rodham clinton: 1000s of clicks
excellent reasons!
yeah i felt the vibrations on my 7 before i returned it lol
scrolling down the a-z list in the music app felt a bit surreal. the phone's ux feels like it has actual depth.
no. i question why you guys just don't do target practice/hunting with high powered air rifles
lol. is this a serious question?
what trump has said over the years about where president obama was born
trump couldn't stand the idea of being governed a black,his campaign is to make the presidency white and male again not great!
victorinox/ swiss army is looking for a marketing coordinator in ny:
body works is looking for an operations manager in ny:
i guess they'll know sooner or later since they're tagged here. fans would've gone crazy!
someone brave should tweet them.
you have to be careful when playing that card. it ruin your career if your bluff gets called too often
oooh yeah watch it with that.
no sir,that is the biggest fallacy everybody keeps in mind,setting up jets is as inexpensive as ict
sorry, i thought you meant an airplane!
yep! we like him here
would you like him if he had a 3 td game on sunday lol?
catch the tonight. the rises at 7:28pm. if you get some great photos, send them to me. thanks &amp; enjoy!
weather devi your prediction for the harvest moon in san francisco
ladies are calling out hilarious things that moms do, in this girl chat. watch!
got that on lock
jennie is an actress. i met mrs. nixon in the whittier community players. few people know that.
you acted all through high school
people get mad when i harp on doug band etc, but now do you believe me that one of the worst things about the clintons is their hangers on?
people who get outraged by a truism like this : people who think employment has gone up under obama
he main-evented wrestlemania 13 against the undertaker, losing the wwe title to the deadman.
yeah that's right, though not the greatest match for either of them lol
yo who told you that?! my shits on blast damn...
it wasn't just one person that told me that either ..it's all good that you know fartz
what if it was you and one of your brothers?
nope, as a brother i wouldn't even want my brother in prison with me
my fellow shirou apologists camille and nemo
i'm not an apologist shirou did nothing wrong there's nothing to apologize for
but also yes smart tv sucks but it was cheaper than dumb tvs and streaming device (roku, etc) combined
chromecast saves lives.
same. i have a mixed cd in my car that's all them that's within reach at all times
such a great idea
you don't understand. i'll miss you soooooooooooooooooo much. ugh sucks that you're leaving
it's ok i'll bring u something to make it up to u
and there are so many of them.
obama, because he is a sensible man, told hillary that she was not to hire blumenthal at state. so what happens next?
in sunday's , i'll have a take so hot on hillary's poll numbers it would melt steel.
i'm surprise your presses will survive it. taking lessons from
official john sterling call: "yes, the butler did it."
somehow i had never noticed the "rhymes with 'coke'" thing. thus, my twitter handle.
parental standards are no standards? sound like some it takes a village i.e. let me tell you how to raise your kids bs!
parental standards, no, aren't legal standards. some parents may be fantastic. others ignorant &amp; abusive. hence not standard
i was early. filled now
did the game start yet
have you tried a hard reboot? hold down the home button and lock button for 11 seconds. that might help.
tried it earlier... phone got so hot tonight.. battery went from 77 to 16% in under an hour... but going to try again! thanks!
yi jianlian confident in return to nba, but where does he play with lakers?
i'd wager on the court.
.: "i think the onion skin started to come off... we started to see the real hillary."
but what about the real or is the con so hard to infiltrate? most dems see it a mile away!
someone help me i'm stuck in the car w/ for 6 hours
we're half way tho
is that what they do to asses at yaoi con?
sorry, ass licking
great question! i have no idea! worth asking them directly via that page?
good idea, i'll let you know. hope we can talk about it next time you're in town!
there are other options. like enclaves or succession. those would be later down the line once we convince more people.
good luck with that...
any trumpet/trombone players in the bay wanna come this house in stinson beach and play on the new smith street lp?
yo just friends can come do those for you if needed!!
alright folks. due to a recent change in events, i am looking for a plus one for one of my coworkers' wedding next saturday. hmu
nothing serious, it's just gonna be fun
wearing headphones and a guy catcalls from a passing car. really don't know what he wanted to achieve with that one....
to test and see if he could start a conversation with a girl wearing headphones?
while one desires better options than a vacuum against which to react; the relation of action to reaction remains relatively the same
facts: investigation &amp; experimentation confirm the findings of sir isaac newton, establishing that a rocket can function in a vacuum.
it's never too late bruh
bruh that's what i'm thinking. i'm making moves
her sidekick looks cute
i hope she has to rescue him a lot
lax customs on a friday night. proof there is a hell.
this is what happens when you don't bring back tokyo bananas
that's false. hillary lies.
focus on the policy. it will get limited as it works through congress. c'mon now.
seeing a lot of all caps lately. you ok?
i can work on that. is it bad?
stop exposing ur stupidity john! you have a dead mosquito brain!
mentally retarded hill'scamp indesperate/panicmode,even fuckingmika is crying
rush transcript -- tonight's talking points memo: "blunting trump's momentum" --
&lt;&lt;&lt; stop trashing trump!!!!!!
every single european history book on the subject, from emperor vespasian to ww2. 1000 years is actually modest.
"oppression of jews" is not a fact, it's an opinion.
excited to see and tonight at the
fuck fake ass eden.
you know more on this than i, explains a lot! but school choice is very good for the poorest in the us, can you disagree?
school choice is only a choice if supply exceeded demand. in current environ, w/ underfunded schools, students get shafted.
rt to agree after decades of executive overreach, it is time we restore our .
the people are the keepers of the constitution.
obama, because he is a sensible man, told hillary that she was not to hire blumenthal at state. so what happens next?
blumenthal, of course, ends up on the payroll of various clintonworld entities and giving hillary bad, freelance intelligence advice.
paul omg aren't you supposed to be on leave?
ugh not you too
please give us a chance to turn it around! reach out via dm so we can take care of you. *ericac
as i said it's just a waste of time...
body works is looking for an operations manager in ny:
freshly is hiring a customer service manager in ny:
was that suppose to be clever?
it depends if you took the blue pill instead of the red one?
this 7 plus is def an upgrade from my regular 6
you already got it? wow!
two things: i love the work of edward albee and also i would have bet my life's savings on the fact that he had already died.
right? i thought the headline was saying today was the anniversary of his death!
love and miss you too girl, hope you're doing well
i hope you're doing well too
in a cab not an uber and stuck in insane traffic on the fdr and i asked why the fuck we went this way and he said, how was i to know???
um use fucking google maps or waze bro to realize there's an accident! and then avoid it. this is why is ultimately better
waiting for to post an opening for a sugar baby.
might could....shit.
mark cuban makes $10 million pitch to donald trump
of course he won't do it. he'd have to answer questions &amp; he has never had to do that before. way to go mark.
i've been rereading the lord of the rings and um yo. yo. the movies are, in many respects, better.
the books are fun but kinda a hard slog
what happened omg
it's nothing don't worry we just thought justin got into a fight in germany but i don't think he did
well i was a gymnast for 10 years, so that argument is sooooo wrong hahaha
i'm only a gymnast for special occasions
i don't know what specific building they built. slaves do what they are told.
jews were slaves of the romans. jews were not slaves of the egyptians.
no i wouldn't at all!
lmao wow and the man bought you a drink :))) gotta love ginalicious!
how will "pitch" cater to the hard-core baseball fan expecting authenticity while still appealing to women?
(just to drill the point in) (wait, should i not have said drill? is that not a female word??)
yo what did u average man? teammate grade?? tryin to get there haha
let's just say, i had to restart a lot. i'd say point wise i averaged close to a 28-30. everything else was like 2-3 tops.
ever notice that if u get a herd of mothers together they arent physically capable of talking about anything but birth pregnancy & diapers?
the crassness your overly tanned classless family will bring to the white house will make us a joke!
u have 33 followers? come back when u have 100..its cut-off to be considered serious hillbot
so you and your 200 followers make you better than him? are you seriously kidding? i really hope so!
i've just found the composition book i kept of weird baseball names. apologies for bad handwriting. 1/2
great! i like abraham lincoln and larry president.
putting in a video ad on instagram seems to have gone over well.
unusual choice for a spokesperson considering parent co stopped carrying trump's suit brand in the wake of comments about mexicans.
from the archives: trump unable to produce certificate proving he's not a festering pile of shit
"festering pile of shit"? in 52 days you will eat shit. now open your mouth!
"i am getting nervous. but it's not because trump is good. it's because people are stupid." -
not to mention some people on left are obsessed w/purity. remember the crowd at ? insufferable!
sister, sister. &amp; are on forbes' top-earning actresses list
they're both beautiful, but my vote is for emely.
you know more on this than i, explains a lot! but school choice is very good for the poorest in the us, can you disagree?
school choice is also only a good choice if there is equal opportunity to apply, blind admissions, etc.
he is from alabama that's what's most the fans drive to the football games! no big deal rtr
i like the gators, i bet they'd be fun to drive around
what is going on in that earthquake app that could possibly be that big?
i really have no idea on that one. just deleted it.
the giants have reinstated gregor blanco from the dl (shoulder), ostensibly for late-inning defense. who gets to tell angel pagan?
i think he already knows.
at dinner with . first, i jokingly yelled "stop it" at her just as the waiter walked up.
my dad once yelled don't touch me at my mom at the outback in jest. people were startled
that's bs; siri only obeys a "lock" command. and if she doesn't, that's on apple.
what about an ipad connected to power and always unlocked?
that article really has raised my awareness of the fuckwittery of people who think i'm wanting to listen while i'm wearing headphs
it was an insanely stupid piece
don't snapchat me ur ugly selfies thanks
expose me again see what happens
u have 33 followers? come back when u have 100..its cut-off to be considered serious hillbot
if your self wirth is based on your number of followers, im really, really sorry. honestly
whoa. you are living in an alternate reality. make no sense at all reinvent history. be well.
you are the one inserting jews into ancient egypt.
it's funny that hillary is presenting herself as the veterans friend yet trump has the endorsement of our greatest heroes.
. except for active duty servicemen - who want
why you adding me and
cause u r in a tourney
what gives? play it straight in search results!
because younger smarter people use google
author chat! , a twitter top 10 food writer, joins me on fb live in 4 hrs.
special nyt readalong w/ , neil genzlinger, nyt tv critic! sat, 8:30-10 am et. got tv questions?
you know more on this than i, explains a lot! but school choice is very good for the poorest in the us, can you disagree?
right now, school choice vouchers is an advantage for upper middle class &amp; upper class, mostly. poor can't afford anyway.
hi there, question: was the opening of season 3 a flashback?
yes, a 2 hour flashback movie :-)
get use to playing with those trash players
team is horrible smh
omg i might just skip the midnight movie on thursday and do this.
i've seen both multiple times. i wish i could be in two places....
hillary clinton returns to campaign trail with rally in nc
all women reporters the boys too busy chasing stench?
unusual choice for a spokesperson considering parent co stopped carrying trump's suit brand in the wake of comments about mexicans.
related: ivanka's clothing line is cheesy as hell. that's not a political opinion. it's just a fact.
they sell inflation like its a good thing. no one questions it.
it's total idiocy. these guys could sell pedophilia.
it seems tapu koko is the one who giving z ring to ash? :o
that bewear in the right tho lol it's questioning why it didn't get one
facts: investigation &amp; experimentation confirm the findings of sir isaac newton, establishing that a rocket can function in a vacuum.
shape one's course relative to the nature of ground over which one flows; work out victory in relation to the foe whom one is facing.
a smile makes everything sweeter
u and should play sisters in a movie
you know more on this than i, explains a lot! but school choice is very good for the poorest in the us, can you disagree?
plus school choice/charters have sucked money from traditional schools. destroyed whole districts.
so like after having done so many stupid stuff within one month and literally being super paranoid about everything and everyone
and constantly having anxiety attacks until it got really bad i decided to pray and do things right and today i felt so different
it's the actually pretty clever trick that windows pulls on 32-bit apps to make them run unmodified on 64-bit windows
nice, yeah ran into that term "wow64" while writing some browser architecture detection code.
in the same movie, she's blushing about being a housewife. just cyan. &lt;_&lt;
she can kick ass and be a housewife.
what a shame! he had much potential to make positive change &amp; shirked this responsibility listening 2 haters of usa
as if he had no inner soul compass &amp; led w/no backbone 2 rail against those that would harm america &amp; her people. sad 2 watch.
damn aight man thanks! how bout the teammate grade tho?
i don't think that mattered too much. but most of the time a-. just make sure you get only 1 turn over tops and you'll get it
oh, lats. there thy are. finally! red milliskin shiny tights. ...
good lord. i already have a soft spot for you in my heart but with this pic.... geez, you are a gorgeous man.
what time is it???
well played
blumenthal, of course, ends up on the payroll of various clintonworld entities and giving hillary bad, freelance intelligence advice.
this included advice on libya, where blumenthal happened to have business interests affected by us policy.
. desperately panders for female minority vote with 'black girl magic'
dont they see where they are in the scheme of things?
proud of you!
thanks! me, too!
oh, don't worry i wanna cuty oc's brake lines. not the same bullspit every week!!
lol at least your teams not ready to fire everyone n tank for a qb two games in!
the struggle
i almost had a pair for fan fest too!! i legit had them and up until the last step it was lagging and so i think i lost them
oh really?? good to know (not that will make any difference for me, but haha)
hahaha that's for my boyfriend only
looks good, right? wrong. you're so fucking wrong. listen. nobody is going to eat that thing and actually enjoy it.
you are in prime form tonight
why does no one want to go to nyc tomorrow. ):
come tonight
i forgot how annoyingggg my uncles are when they play dominos on fridays
this is how you know i haven't spent my weekend @ home in soooo long
the and aren't the only teams in new york playing beautiful football
wait, so now you want to align yourself with ny sports teams in nj, when it's convenient? f'ing clowns.
saw a familiar face of right there!
we just got him. super excited!
and constantly having anxiety attacks until it got really bad i decided to pray and do things right and today i felt so different
like i really felt as if god has healed me, and i just wanted to say don't ever stop trusting in him
two years ain't shit to me if i get to spend it with my bro
life too short to be spending it institutionalized. i rather be able to see my family everyday
you know what?
well excuse me!
i was curious what mods you'd make to a homegrown for a full-timer? dreaming of east coast affiliate
i would need to take closer look. but off the cuff, more work space. suited for weekenders, not really long term.
what are the symbols of anxiety? is there an animal that represents it? a fable or fairy tale you associate it with? an historical figure?
there's always pan, from whence "panic"
it's an awesome little book. i gotta add to it tho! haven't in years.
keep it up. it's priceless.
"2k is the best thing to happen to me". ladies 2k season is upon us
dont be expecting texts back
why do i always forget to tag everyone smh dis for u
im confused
imagine all of those riders on caltrain
remember when atherton tried to sabotage caltrain electrification?
our new $5 note looks like a fucking magic trick.
holy shit. it's so pretty
attentive listeners today while ms. bimpson shared a great book.
i love that book. it resides in our maker studio and we start the year with it.
creepy? cute? friend? foe?
what's the actor's name? i know i know him.
aw sorry. happy birthday!
it's ok, and thanks! heading to lobster!
shape one's course relative to the nature of ground over which one flows; work out victory in relation to the foe whom one is facing.
just as water retains no constant shape, so in warfare there are no constant conditions. modify tactics in relation to one's opponent
.1) $10mm to the charity of your choice if you let me interview you for 4 hrs on your policies and their substance.
a must buy trump won't last a 1/2 hour if u limit the use many adjectives, repeated words &amp; only facts!
couldn't disagree more with that, and the decision to pull him after it. effectively destroyed any chance casilla has as closer.
you might be on an island with that opinion, but okay.
sounds like you are wrestling with this. reaching. can it work? does it work? is it fundamentally flawed?
i've taught at a charter. hs for disadvantaged. *some* are good. many are not as good as they purport.
??? interesting. so it keeps a reference to the changes or something?
not sure, i'll have to explore. basically: a = b // reference, bo copy b = b.push(2) // a doesn't change, b does
so a professor is giving us the option of a term paper and a group project and everyone is choosing the group project like why??
they are hoping to get in a group where one person will do all the work
what are the symbols of anxiety? is there an animal that represents it? a fable or fairy tale you associate it with? an historical figure?
the title song from "high anxiety" dir mel brooks
who's watching ? what do you think of blonde five?!?
looking great with any color hair
what time u orf
idk the way it's looking rn probably 10
an excellent post from pal . i give this advice every day. so glad he distilled this into a compelling read
really great, timely article. thanks for writing and sharing!
, we're coming for you with !
thanks for dropping by xox
there was no christian land in old testament. jesus was born jewish, in land of israel.
jesus was not a fucking jew.
miss you all on twitter land! sold our house in al. a nice relief!
congratulations, that must be such a relief!
i am truly honored and grateful for receiving so much support from our american heroes...
today is pow./mia national recognition day. since we're not american heroes, we can't support you.
lol he's gonna have to buy me a lot more than a drink to get me to stray from my saints
lmao may the best team win. are you flying to ny to watch that game lol?
an actor has threatened to sue because he was blocked on twitter
i blocked this fool as well, he's a pig. gonna sue, because he got blocked. where they do that at? lol!
there was no christian land in old testament. jesus was born jewish, in land of israel.
no such thing as "born jewish".
i also love when cheap people come to my bar and tell me they know the manager but i've been the manager for like 3 years lmao
do your followers get a discount
i do see that you have dm'd us in the past &amp; have dm'd you. ^mk
yes. i've had consistent problems for months.
here's one of many, many articles about 's racism.
here's another. again, out of date &amp; everyday there's several more
tbh i think i'd build my own before i'd go anywhere near jenkins again. :)
build it is a reasonably complete ci library. i want emphasize library here. you can build anything with it.
never listened. listening now
the breakdown in that song is 10/10 imo
i think i might actual hate cards fans more than dodgers fans...
i was just in ny this week--i still hate la dodger fans the most!!
who's watching ? what do you think of blonde five?!?
i think you look awesome! :)
as if he had no inner soul compass &amp; led w/no backbone 2 rail against those that would harm america &amp; her people. sad 2 watch.
i thought there would be positive change but nothing. it's like he was always scared to stand up for america--even as a citizen!
fell asleep on the couch while watching tv again. that's 2x this week. that's 2x more than in the past 5yrs.
i do that 2x a day...
get this song away from me
im sorry frank i shoulda never fallen in love it wont happen ever again
there was no christian land in old testament. jesus was born jewish, in land of israel.
are you saying that children are "born being perverts"?
ohhhh shit! it's on!
lmfaoooo
he carried me around the house bc i'm being a brat
damn eric those delts poppin
. but have you been blocked by yet? kind of a right of passage at this point...
not yet! i'm usually pretty even-keeled...well, minus my latest medium post (wrote b/c i was tipsy after oktoberfest).
the term "jewish" wasn't used but judea &amp; samaria were ruled by israelites. jesus was jewish.
jesus is god, and god cannot be a fucking jew.
if u r supporting hillary, u r not worth more than monica's integrity..move on
did i ever say who i was supporting? i just do not supoort trump. &amp; you didnt address my ? about
inclusive: trump:"40% blacks living in poverty...i will not rest until this is changed"
those idiots republicans,who follow dumb-crazy trump,are stupid,racist.they are satanist and are going to hell.
the law does not. clearly states riders must be over 18.
bike share should be open to 16+ if not younger.
i don't think i've ever seen old boy in a theater. plus chan-wook park live!! i can do without seeing mr. vengeance.
i'm assuming hell intro the handmaiden, and i plan to see that as my first film of the fest - gods willing.
today was cool because i found two books on an obscure topic, and they were in a fight with each other
that's not a 100% accurate, usually when i say books are fighting, i mean one attacks the other, but these just had mutually exclusive ideas
just as water retains no constant shape, so in warfare there are no constant conditions. modify tactics in relation to one's opponent
[stellar tidal disruption] *...cool, calm &amp; collecting...* {remote access trojan: spaghettified} -wide~field infrared survey explorer
the term "jewish" wasn't used but judea &amp; samaria were ruled by israelites. jesus was jewish.
israelites were not jewish.
nah. someone else has done that.
holy pilot program!
i didnt wear my fuckkn pearl on my fucking forehead oh my fuckngn god
im pointing and laughing at you from ny lmao
my essay about myself is due at 12 &amp; idek if i want to even take this class at this point
i'm giving it in late ihm
i read the 4 shortest assignments, so 4/14 done.
i miscounted, it's 16 assignments and i've done 10.
hahaha that hahaha tickles hahaha. ok now you've done it. now it's my turn. so you better run or else. :)
*flies up* nope xd
if the law requires helmets, yes
thankfully it doesn't.
predictions for every nfl game this weekend:
that graphic looks like a horrible snaggle tooth situation
lol i actually wanna see bewear using a z move (if there is xd) i bet its better than snorlax z move lol
its gonna be a move so brutal not even mortal kombat can put it in their game.
an actor has threatened to sue because he was blocked on twitter
hope they don't unblock him.
air rifles come in different calibers at a high fps
no shit. but they're a child's toy.
if u r supporting hillary, u r not worth more than monica's integrity..move on
self worth and followers. i really do feel for you whoever you are
piper is doing much better today. she's eating like a champ and wanting to move around. we are really proud of her
aw, my heart goes out to her, and to you!!
hear those bears a growling mean and angry here he comes a prowlin' lean and hungry
for a second i thought that said barren county. should've known they don't win football games.
the term "jewish" wasn't used but judea &amp; samaria were ruled by israelites. jesus was jewish.
i'd imagine that israelites ceased existing when god destroyed israel.
hey kathleen! so sorry i couldn't make lunch with gayle today. i couldn't get away from work. i'll see you on october 21st :)
great christy! we missed you! xx
honestly! i'm crazy about dani but i start to discover your personality through the camsoda podcast,you're so cute and pretty
my personality is shy sometimes
cake anyone?
ok!!! love the a's theme.
everybody meet chance the corgi
omg wittle baby
it's a change america must make if it wants to survive.
i'm supposed to be anti-semitic too?
ace gathering somewhere south-east of san francisco with and... well... me.
don't finish the local beers!
[stellar tidal disruption] *...cool, calm &amp; collecting...* {remote access trojan: spaghettified} -wide~field infrared survey explorer
*i noticed, even people who claim everything is predestined, &amp; that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.*
how would you? what is the so-called sandwich artist's intent here? walk me through how you're supposed to attack this thing.
i have an ongoing fantasy about having people who designed bad things demonstrate to me how to correctly use those things
yes, kd threw a strike at 100mph
put him in the bullpen
mills field hockey pics, yay ( click on the pic and save them like you'd normally save a pic from online)
thanks so much!!!! we loved having you
is there any evidence that clinton actually listened to or acted on any of blumenthal's advice?
yes. some advice was unsolicited, sometimes she sought it.
this!! true!!
same could be said about the damage their actions did to .
if u r supporting hillary, u r not worth more than monica's integrity..move on
ps - monica has more integrity than u do.
you're right about that. at the time though, it was amazing to see taker finally become champion!
completely agree, it was a long time coming for him to become champ again! also the wm streak wasn't a major thing then!
you guys assured me on snapchat that i could get away with these in public. only one person said anything all day!
but did he say the right thing
the term "jewish" wasn't used but judea &amp; samaria were ruled by israelites. jesus was jewish.
if jesus "were jewish", then jesus could not be god, because a jew cannot be god.
feeling too disrespectful right now
what happen brody??
*i noticed, even people who claim everything is predestined, &amp; that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.*
confession time? here's what i got alphabet a curious creator i~open~sourced a-plot one's private dic~tator now we call the shot(s)
he always has to mention he was an investor in uber and twitter.
once would be ok. even once between each commercial break is forgivable.
u have hella nice style and you're pretty chill and fun to talk to!!
never rlly met u or talked to u but u seem pretty chill n hopefully we'll talk here n there or bump into each other!!
literally the same except i don't have tea here
i didn't either until i saw this beautiful gem at cvs
regulating bots is important but i think it's too early!
not regulating, just contemplating ;)
very few players make me not get bubble guts, he's one of them
ya ryan is so damn consistent it's nice having him come in!
new favorite youtuber. this guy's my hero.
omg i love that guy what are the chances
right next to us lol
yeah, good times haha
yes. some advice was unsolicited, sometimes she sought it.
and also, the clinton foundation and correct the record and media matters all saw fit to pay him for something.
if the media has any integrity, it'll refuse to cover trump for a week as a response 2 him tricking them 2 go live w/ his "press conf" 2day
u r n ur own reality.the real world has passed u by&amp;u've got nothing in common w/99%.ur a liberal fraud like most of hollywood.
how would you? what is the so-called sandwich artist's intent here? walk me through how you're supposed to attack this thing.
the fantasy isn't that i learn to do it right, it's to watch them be shit at using their own shitty thing and feel bad
love our keep the pretty videos flowing sissy
you know i will! jeannelynn, if you love country, you'll really like the video i'm working on now
being interviewed by , but the big news is all the girls drew into stem behind me.
exciting! thanks so much, julie! we love you.
well it depends whether you believe the bible &amp; pharaohs hieroglyphs as history
there is no egyptian hieroglyph which mentions/speaks of jews.
i'd say that this should do it, but i've said this two dozen times already.
like always u take it out of context words matter
he should have been saying this months ago tbh
it took him awhile to figure out how to swallow his ego
hi there. &gt;_&gt;;
hello, thanks for the follow! o/
this was my host too
game broken i stay getting smoked it's prolly cause i'm basura
i truly believe trump could stand up at a press conference, do nothing but jingle his keys, &amp; tv reporters would spend 7 days analyzing it.
maybe we should send the cosmopolitan interview she did a better job then majority of journalists following him
well it depends whether you believe the bible &amp; pharaohs hieroglyphs as history
the bible says that jews were nothing more than slaves of the romans.
it's a change america must make if it wants to survive.
what's the normie? or who?
that was good
smh i came up w the caption
well it depends whether you believe the bible &amp; pharaohs hieroglyphs as history
the bible certainly never places jews in ancient egypt.
yahya: absence of punishment encourages &amp; allies to violate coh
we knew this was coming... horrible that syrian civilians are still dying.
we're about to go to and i needed some energy, so i got 3 feet of cotton...
uhm. yeah. this picture just screams you.
i know hillary's gun policies intimately. she seeks nothing less than destruction of industry.
i don't agree that is how it would work in context of separation of powers.
get "woke" fate tumblr posts off my tl im shakingg my brain cells are being incinerated
remember how kiritsugu's mom natalia is literally a half succubus who drinks semen
just something to do eh bud
also how u a sophomore?
nice. still i limbo over my plus. i'll have it... eventually.
that sucks. i thought you got a preorder in for day-one.
there's only so many times i can volunteer as tribute.
wellllllllllll the boy im seeing may not like that
it's being led by the aids healthcare foundation (no joke)
and because the president doesn't like a tower project the city approved across street from his office
for a second i thought that said barren county. should've known they don't win football games.
and like clockwork.
get "woke" fate tumblr posts off my tl im shakingg my brain cells are being incinerated
this is canon. natalia drinks semen. she wanted to drink kiritsugu's too. she loves to suck dick. this is canon.
everybody fakin on me
who i gotta beat up
mind blown.
not a problem: we'll just "net" and "ring fence" that $1 quadrillion in derivatives. maybe "good" and "bad" banks needed?
how dare you shame me like this on social media the former future mrs. noel fielding
i'm crying on the subway
honestly, if it takes him five years to confirm the birth nation of one man, this whole mass deportation thing is gonna be mad slow.
the great fabulist claims he'll remove 11 million people, "and do it quickly."
omg i need! i'll hate that up tomorrow when i go buy some nasal spray. hope you feel better!
same to you girl we'll get through being sick together!!
what's the latest hotness in pc games?
the new deus ex has burned a lot of my little amount of free time
alright and i apologize for thinking that was funny i kinda wasn't expecting you to read this
honestly, no worries ... didnt really bother me.
well it depends whether you believe the bible &amp; pharaohs hieroglyphs as history
i don't need to be "believe" egyptian hieroglyphs. their existence is factual.
i found a link to the article, and i tweeted it. thank you very much for always tweeting me such great info. xoxo
your welcome, glad you found the article!! ;-)
ehhh, its been long enough. new facecam rant video in 30 minutes
is over promise under deliver your motto?
i politely suggest that only visiting black churches is not significant "outreach."
pastor scott is just as ignorant as trump. trump must have promised him some money.
hillary clinton is against 2nd amendment - wants to take america's guns
you guys are fucking braindead or paranoid. too many drugs? no one's removing 2a.
remember that monkey?
he lives in my heart
here's another. again, out of date &amp; everyday there's several more
he disrespects national tragedies, including 9/11 &amp; the lives we've lost.
what trump just did is a disgrace.
&gt;&gt; ps you are a pig.
if ppl want a helmet they can use google and find one at a nearby bike shop... or bring their own. it's an uneccessary accessory
. 20 letter word for helme(n)t: uneccessaryaccessory
no, not there...
i know i was being sarcastic lol
don't forget paula jones who had legal proceedings against bill.
she didn't get raped honey. get a brain then i will talk with you. shame on u 4 being so gullible
all my creative friends feel like theyre on the verge of something great the season of usurpers is upon you &amp; our conquest will not be quiet
you really came at my photo game the other day aha.
i know hillary's gun policies intimately. she seeks nothing less than destruction of industry.
things have swung too far in favor of straw purchases, difficulty of enforcement.
nice shot of n'keal harry's 20-yard backshoulder catch. devils need more of that.
need more of richard. where is he?
but u from west coast?????????
i know! that's my point, nobody over here plays it but me. so i miss it smh
you really came at my photo game the other day aha.
* meet me in the comments section * ha
you're so mf pretty it's so unfair :( u have such a cute smile!! we don't talk but we should
girl ur selfies are always you're so hot i think we use to go to school w each other!! but anyways you're supa nice
fyi when you're asked what color eyes you have, it's bad to say "i've got tons of eyes, many colors, what sort are you in the market for?"
of course it's bad to say that. an overeager seller turns off the customer.
a guy is dipping (upper lip, which is extra wild) with his shirt off in the bar. shouts out indiana stay weird
where are you?
exhausted from a week of teaching and writing and laryngitis ugh .....hanging with priceless
it was fab but i'm pretty sure there was a lot of price
just leaving miami for houston, oklahoma and colorado. miami crowd was fantastic!
you are too crazy to run our country. go home
freshly is hiring a customer service manager in ny:
google is hiring a developer advocate: (multiple locations)
which women, people of color, and especially women of color would make good new sharks?
hey here are my recommendations from 2013: cc
do you think understand how much many gop voters just can't stand them yet?
i just saw an hrc ad showing all of them- i saw we hang all rinos!
i'm only on the second episode of grey's anatomy and i hate meredith lmao
you learn to love her as her character develops
this included advice on libya, where blumenthal happened to have business interests affected by us policy.
only because she is running against donald trump does hillary clinton's personnel judgment not stand out for being poor.
i was impressed!
the 5 dollar bill i had today was crusty and ripped. yay american bills
i wish i was sweetie. it'll be couch watching from my living room
same here. i haven't been to a giants game since 2007 so i'll watch it at home.
must wear red on election day...help prevent voter fraud...do your part otherwise your time invested b wasted.
info here on how we can prevent hrc from doing
this is canon. natalia drinks semen. she wanted to drink kiritsugu's too. she loves to suck dick. this is canon.
it's just like akiha and blood, except. its' semen. like, semen. as in, semen. ejaculate. she drinks it. this is canon
did u get that comic con ticket issue fix or u just going on friday???
i'm just going to stick with friday
that asher fellow seems like a big fan of sputniknews
follows ha goodman and many other insane bernie-bros. guy has a screw loose clearly.
donald trump has spent years peddling lies about president obama. and that didn't stop today.
at least it was one thing,compared to the plethora of ur lies and being fraudulent.u will end up destroying the country.
it's tough on the heart, for sure! but we'll both run with that w!!
yep. nice to hold serve when everybody on our butts outside of bos/nyy are playing late. go angels and astros!
the divine feminine. beautiful. amazing work
should i buy the cd i dont have apple music
get back here. you will face my wrath at some point. :)
*chuckles* i don't think so xd
need to get myself a warrior kd jersey.
no don't do it
have been suits against badger guns, remington, stag arms, bushmaster, century in the last year
did they make it past motions to dismiss or summary judgment?
proud of you dear &amp; indeed hoping to see you at the helm with my dear friend dana. proud of you both guys. keep up this work
this means the world to me ... thanks and we're all proud of ur work too.
girl ur selfies are always you're so hot i think we use to go to school w each other!! but anyways you're supa nice
i miss ya hoe pe was so fun with u!! hope you're doing good and i'll see ya at ur grad bih
well it depends whether you believe the bible &amp; pharaohs hieroglyphs as history
and which pharaoh do you claim had dealings with jews?
32 facts you really should know about "honey"
i can't imagine there's one fact i should know about honey
here's another. again, out of date &amp; everyday there's several more
here's another example of his disrespect for 9/11
the ship is sinking fast
it all started after that lose against the dodgers. just try to finish the season strong and above 500 at this point.
the dishonest media claims i said "obama was born in the united states. period." don't they get sarcasm?! he's a muslim kenyan, folks!
he admitted it filth
why is scientific sexism so intractably resistant to reform?
i think sexism and male bias is inextricably woven into science in every way. especially in physics. i don't mean only culture. (1/2)
i've been at union square since my 5:30 appointment.
jeez. i had a 7:00 and i think there's only about 4 parties in front of me. guess they caught up fast.
okay, let me shoot you in the face with the .30 cal 1000 fps childs toy
are you really this stupid? never said you couldn't kill someone with one.
fenway is the worst when the yanks lose
i can imagine even though i've never been to boston.
i am pretty floored by all the impassioned and fascinating responses i've received to this query. thanks everybody!
was bernie can't consider trump or any oligarch not addressing the bis math
thank you, dan-o. means a lot. hugs. be blessed.
i like your approach with trolls. do you find that it pays off or gives them something to escalate off of?
haha. probably not.
from special teams then. that was bullshit
here's my official time. hot diggity!
congratulations! :)
but i thought the press was still there. who were the alt rt talking to?
not sure really lol
the title song from "high anxiety" dir mel brooks
anything woody allen-related
thank you for the follow. happy to return and fighting to turn . we want to be in the 21st century.
amen, yellow rose! so many wonderful friends and clients in texas! :-)
save me from bad concerts, lucinda williams!
well. front row seats. i hope this bodes well.
i miss ya hoe pe was so fun with u!! hope you're doing good and i'll see ya at ur grad bih
ur selfies had me shooked tbh we go to the same school but never seen each other but anyways ur so cute and nice
naw you're good bro i'd rather be good at old cods like you are, then these new games.
i feel you bro but like i wanna get good starting next game i'm playin from the beginning
.full of religious zealots who if they weren't trying to kill you, we're doing their level..
jews trying to kill roman soldiers? not at the time of jesus, but certainly in proceeding years.
okay, let me shoot you in the face with the .30 cal 1000 fps childs toy
obviously you played with barbies as a child. were you raised by 2 gay men?
it'd probably be even better were it not for square-enix pulling a square-enix with the microtransactions among other things.
def not a fan of the world where every game tries to be farmville. just let me pay $60 for your game and get out of my way.
yoo if anyone is looking for a job rei (mountain view) is hiring!! hmu if you're interested, it's a pretty dope job tbh
how much an hour
oh it's a full moon
shit be cray
pick a mans
he's saddlesore sucks
who said homework had to be boring? :)
precisely! it's homework only if don't do anything extra :)
not all cops are bad people, but now we know that a lot of them want a racist misogynist windbag to run the country.
it's about the union bosses.
google is hiring a developer advocate: (multiple locations)
pop sugar is hiring an account manager - ny:
i love the suggestions!
spaceshipy mcspaceshipface obvi
this is what i need for the ny winter!!
it's really nice!
naw you're good bro i'd rather be good at old cods like you are, then these new games.
and you're good just gotta keep grinding yea this game is trash but it has its ups
someone threw a rock at me and didn't say sorry
tbh i probably would've found a brick and thrown it back
pick a mans
gesaffsheknfn sucks
2011 class was cleaaaaaan
u feeeeeel me
what time is it???
i'd like to drink both with you wonderful ladies, means we've spent the day together
why do i find this so funny!
cause it's friggin hysterical!!!!
then explain the downside. i know plenty who hunt with them and enjoy it.
they hunt what? squirrels? kill a moose with a pellet gun. go on, show me.
how to sum up gina being 21 (im so scared)
same i'm scared too
factory factory is a perfectly legitimate design pattern. sometimes you need to vary the type of factory you're producing.
i guess the proper name of the design pattern - if we're writing a book or something - is abstract abstract factory factory.
someone just told me hardwell is on raya with his own song in the background i just spat with laughter
i just had a convo with clipka about how i need to hang w u when i come to la next week also spat when i read this
scary how things can disappear, isn't it?!
oh yes, its is.. worried how quickly goes viral!!
why is this not in the news ?
it came up when he was nominated. it wasn't illegal at the time, iirc.
heard his album today
i hopped on the band wagon since i've heard it lol
if hc is concerned about sexism &amp; homophobic culture why doesn't she return the $20-65m her foundation took from countries that practice it?
you are a disgusting sexist who doesn't know what u r talking about. kind of sad. u have no clue who u r embracing in trump
why is scientific sexism so intractably resistant to reform?
(2) look at the resistance lynn marguilus faced by the patriarchy in biology over endosymbiosis. reductionism in general is gendered.
you hang out with deplorables you might be accused ofbeing onethe company you keep
proud to be a trump deplorables instead of a hillary unamerican!
wheres mind of mine
this is what the truth feels like
ur selfies had me shooked tbh we go to the same school but never seen each other but anyways ur so cute and nice
i miss how we would talk almost everyday! hope you're doing good n takin care!! much luv for ya btw we neva hung out
pop sugar is hiring an account manager - ny:
blizzard has multiple positions open in irvine and austin:
not sure, i'll have to explore. basically: a = b // reference, bo copy b = b.push(2) // a doesn't change, b does
yeah, it's immutable. makes sense.
ugh the moon right now
i hope that my love is so far away to the moon
broooooo lmaoooo nah rt : lmaoo at least someone wants to marry me right ?
that crazy part he's really the type
brainwashed by the media i see.
everybody know,satan ( trump ) is your master. he washed your bird brain already.
yep, although i didn't get the hearts &amp; flowers bit when dh proposed
been engaged so many years i don't even remember when we got engaged
this is where i look for this sort of information. 60/40 is still fucking scary.
that's the closest it's been
i kinda like her but i am disgusting about the nude pictures, why? but i think because of her background life
why are u disgusted tho???
some concern over asdrubal cabrera, who departed after eight innings. could just be a rest for his aching knee. could be something worse.
looks like you're wrong on both accounts
we prob will get above .500 finish at rate we playing. only need 5 wins
this was a good season for the yankees though. just continue to build for the future and please sign someone like chapman
i miss . but i also don't miss it because missing it means wanting to see its final season... which i do. but i don't. you know?
i know what you mean.
um use fucking google maps or waze bro to realize there's an accident! and then avoid it. this is why is ultimately better
and now we're in williamsburg and he went completely the wrong way. i guess i'm stuck with uber for forever.
my teeth to crooked for those sadly
mine are too but ima get some then just get it remolded after i get my teeth fixed
oh no i punched a hole in the bottom of this tub of ice-cream with a spoon. better hide the evidence.
have to hide the whole thing inside your belly
i miss how we would talk almost everyday! hope you're doing good n takin care!! much luv for ya btw we neva hung out
you're so sweet and nice and pretty hahah we never rlly talked but hopefully we'll say hi here n there
i ate chipotle, put it beside my bed and fell asleep. my room now smells like sh!t but at least scumpi lives upstairs with me.
who moved out?
thank you for the words tonight. i am emotionally overwhelmed. i have a lot to process. i was right. but it was not good enough.
but it was good enough; good enough to get you out of there, and leave a mark on the door for all who dare to enter.
my neighbors gave us a bottle of giants logo champagne but i'm drinking it out of an a's glass to counteract the san francisconess.
you make me proud!
terorist = fuck turkey
up yours you inbred cocksucking piece of dogshit
everyone underestimates how smart three is.
i agree and his is dumb like a fox ;-)
i wonder at what age her daughter will be before she stops doing this?
i wonder what age you'll be when u stop being a hater....
i found the next recipe guys
i'm so sorry
what's up with the a's? scored 16 monday, 14 yesterday, 8 on wednesday.
the raiders inspired them
the single most surprising news from trump's health records release was that his most recent colonoscopy did not find sean hannity.
i needed a good laugh today. thank you!
like, you're late? it's called pregnancy
no dude. hot flashes. like a mother fucker.
being mr. trump, he instead substituted a lie for a lie.
he admitted it filth
anyone who is against bigotry full stop must vote hrc.
i totally agree. all hands on deck
hahaha naw at least that phone was diff size and weight
lol true but i mean it's still never really a big difference from one iphone to the next
now's the time to get your witch on
thanks for retweeting
that looks like his daughter ivanka! let's take the high road on this one, sorry not a part!
the rape victim claims he liked her because she looked like his daughter &amp; they were around the same age
conservatives embrace me regardless of my sexuality, while libs shun me bc of my political views. my party.
oh man. wait until they take away any and all of your rights! smh.
do you think understand how much many gop voters just can't stand them yet?
you still looking foe a whale song?- how's this for the two of you?
the context is that he is an idiot
no that would b u or anyone who thinks he meant anything other than she's surrounded by armed guards reg peopl aren't
are self control and self discipline different? i'm thinking yes, as i am ridiculously self disciplined but have little to no self control
they are right????
...thinking about doing this tonight since i'll be in the city. what y'all on? i need options.
what you got going tonight? i'll be in the city.
one of my fondest early memories of us dating is when you went on a whole rant about this during dinner
i think about it so much
i have a feeling you have a plan that you will use on me.
?whats that
we're here to help. please dm us on what model mac and iphone you are currently using?
you are wasting my time.... it's a service issue.
i feel like my baby is famous bc i can't leave the house with her without getting stopped 30 times so people can compliment her&amp;talk to her
i feel this! it's a difficult situation to navigate as an introvert mama.
fuck the camera man of i got nothing but a headache from his shitty camera work.
worth seeing or wait till its on tv ?
only because she is running against donald trump does hillary clinton's personnel judgment not stand out for being poor.
barack obama does not surround himself with people like this. nor joe biden nor mitt romney. this is weird behavior.
parents are literally imposing ignorance on innocent children... it's sad.
that apple did not fall far from that blighted tree.
and to the rest of the mamas, a thank you will never be enough.
! have a fabulous time sweetie! you earned it! the mamas are happy 4 u too
i go to a few saints games each season. it's close by &amp; i have free parking at work which is only a few blocks away.
you have all the hookups lol. you are living the life :))) who's your all-time and current favorite saint?
i have a feeling you have a plan that you will use on me.
whats that?
oh no... what's next? gets a haircut?
well.. they are in lumiose city and there does exist a hair cut place there...
i love myself probably a lot more than anyone can love me
fuuuuuck yessssss
how we wish we were there right now! 's album release party looks amazing!
please vote for
i'd be honored to be graced by your presence. ^_^
i feel the same!
it's here! learn more about our iphone 7 for $0 offer.
can you trade in iphone 6plus for iphone 7 plus? what is cost
this is really sad to see. these busses exist because of cal trains failure to grow, blocked by local cities.
how is the caltrain blocked? budgets? i know it's new trains are coming soon.
gotta smoke and edit my letter thanks to
yesss! you got this
.: "[] said that he would cut the deficit in half by the end of his first term which he did."
in america? rofl ......
so the potatoes were left in the cellar too long... how exactly is this the mum's fault?
it was no one's fault. ignore &amp; factualstuff . read original newspaper story i linked in above post.
family debate. better dog name: (note that our first dog is named gizmo)
last name gadget, first name inspector?
thank you for the words tonight. i am emotionally overwhelmed. i have a lot to process. i was right. but it was not good enough.
fwiw, hired is always hiring - depending on what you're looking for/if it's helpful, i can point you to some jobs (in co or otherwise)
mute is ultimate twitter revenge. you cut them off while they still waste their time tweeting in the wind!
mute is better, tim kawakami blocked me because i didn't agree with his baseless opinions
best way i've ever celebrated my birthday. thanks, , and thanks, twitter fam!
happy birthday!!
"i've been waiting for this moment for a long time" quote to suited
oh boy this isn't good :( or maybe six can win him over :-)
i have an old railriders sweatshirt but it's from when they were a phillies team lmao
i saw the scranton-wilkes barre red barons play the columbus clippers when they had shane spencer
i bet judea at the time was probably the worst posting for a roman soldier. hot dusty and..
perhaps, with the only other worst post being the frontier of caledonia where the picts ruled.
all cnn is showing now is trump bashing. i can't watch it any more. i'm turning to fox news. i can't stand don lemon too
we must work together to make sure that wins! the media oligarchy cannot continue to control the usa. !
of course. all plcaa protects against is frivolous lawsuits other suits are common.
what's a good source for account of suits? wikipedia says only 2 made it to trial stage.
look what i found
why aren't the green emeralds famous yet
warner music group is hiring a customer service coordinator:
shoot your shot ya'll and invest in us little folks when you get on. &lt;3
you could stand me up at the gates of hell, but i won't back down: the will finish 93-69, and the 88-74.
that prediction looked foolish for so long... until september of course
so many years of school and no one taught us how to suicide ourselves. what a waste.
ugh i know, now i really want to suicide myself to death
tell me hm everything will be
idek if i can yet, prob like 500 cause air and hotel
memory belongs to the imagination.
that's why you always record your celebrity interviews.
you guys are the yeezy to an army of drake/cudi/travi$ scott-like filter-heavy flower-taking photographers now.
aha! man i think everyone has played their parts but definitely "new" black creative was birthed on tumblr lol
nice! my delivery date still says september 27-29 but i'm hoping it shows up before that.
my estimate was always september 16 though. stayed up till midnight to order lol
yeah. this is going to be a problem in winter.
what's winter? how did you unlock your phone last winter?
how i'm tryna be every night
lmao i wish
breaking: federal agents make massive discovery at southern border&amp;; isis is here
never happened, hun. you really can't believe everything you read.
i hope the crack pcpd checked sabrina's hands and fingernails for dna before michael wiped it all off with his bubbering
ugh, why would they? that would be smart!!
where did all the druid decks go? i want free wins
they're everywhere. all i see are shamans druids
and trump has taken every opp to take jabs at his one time friend and ceo t lundgren because dropped his line
terry lundgren is a class act.
end of days: even fox is blasting trump on birtherism right now.
he admitted it filth
you guys are the yeezy to an army of drake/cudi/travi$ scott-like filter-heavy flower-taking photographers now.
i embrace it all and love it. i'm inspired by those same folks who i may have inspired in the past. full circle.
there is a lot going on here! (hi mom!)
the state farm logo in the back has me lol-ing
oh the charm of twitter. and the wit. let's not forget the wit.
james there is absolutely no one like you, ever.
emergency crews are gone now and i'm just left with this complete surreal but panic feeling and adrenaline coursing through my veins.
im sorry to hear, it can be scary but you will calm down in a little bit, don't dwell on it, think positive that you are okay now
the chainsmokers.
i hope they come to firefly next year
here for the game and to pay our respects to the old stomping ground. go irish.
didn't know that about you.
the context is that he is an idiot
hav a honest take on it and people won't b so hostile towards u there r diff opinions that r valid
whaaa???? i missed that!
. yup. hrc dropped the mic at the black women's agenda in ur beloved hometown.
. ohh ! i see. not illegal .. ethics applies only to women ..
yeah, that's a smart comment.
hi what channel is it on? i don't see it on comcast or fs2 thx
it's 491 on
you never tweet me any more...
truth is w all your tweeting recently i don't know where to start lol
corey lewandowski demanded an apology from to . i'm not kidding.
this little dick slime bucket is so finished sucking the trump nuts!!
i wouldn't respond if the game came at me either
but you coming to the homecoming game tm right
all hps and uplinks?
full rotation?
ft. &amp; - bounce ||for more visit
brand new tune
thanks to all members who are here in washington as part of the legislative conference.
hard 2believetrump, who is not great,could actually be prez! hope not!
they are so immune to facts it's scary!
have you noticed he's looking a little frail lately
eye twitches are a major pain in the ass when you're trying to play dead
that's why i always lie prone.
how is the caltrain blocked? budgets? i know it's new trains are coming soon.
seriously? local communities have sued to stop many improvements, eg electrification
popstar is so, so dumb and it works.
we were like a tricycle. you take one wheel away and what do you have. nothing. a bicycle. don't use this.
props to cubs winning central but they got bigger fish to fry next month
pressure is on them. they have the pitching staff and the lineup and have a terrific closer. it would be a colossal failure if they
psychology says, sometimes silence is the most powerful scream and indication of something being terribly wrong.
it is called the courtesy chuckle.
props to cubs winning central but they got bigger fish to fry next month
are not world series champs.
i'm sorry to see they weren't able to delivery to a safe place. please let us know if it doesn't arrive by monday. ^rr
there is a safe place. in the mail box. right next to the other amazon package i received today. same option as monday.
trump should apologize for his racism. he won't, but he should. what a disgrace.
. he's got you talking about him. so you fell for it.
grazie mille for the close cooperation &amp; friendship. you have &amp; are doing a fantastic job @ the un.
grazie a te , for the friendship and collaboration during our common un years and always friends
new picture on the wall of malvern middle school library
i'm very honored!!! thank you! looks very nice in the frame.
why are those ugly adidas shoes back into fashion? i didn't think they were cute back in 6th grade &amp; i don't think they're cute now
the superstars are life! uggs are ugly.
i was trying to throw trash into the dumpster but 4 raccoons wouldn't move and i stayed there for 15 mins making eye contact until i left...
now i feel guilty but i wasn't trying to have a raccoon jump on me.
you can't be serious. a frog cartoon.hahaha. so hitler didn't work, mousilinni didn't work..a frog
it is actually spelled mussolini....
there's a "looming zombie invasion" vibe to these photos that i love.
we loved you!
this photo! this girl. this show! so proud of the 20 episodes we had the honor to make. a...
wait they didn't renew it for a 3rd season? wtf?!! love that show!
does this really work bro?
better leave the dye in for mad long
definitely just heard gun shots outside from my room...
dude those weren't gun shots that was legit exploding buildings
mark cuban challenges donald trump to interview: 'what do you have to lose'
mark cuban needs to go back to his big tv show septic tank
i have the great and powerful who doesn't let me lift a finger
when are u scheduled to go back to scotland
bumping it up to the top of the list (right after "frasier")
at first i was like, why are they animals. but once i got over that, i liked it.
perhaps, with the only other worst post being the frontier of caledonia where the picts ruled.
with the only difference being, rome had success in palestine, whereas rome failed in caledonia.
teach me how to be strong like u big mama jules
cry until you're powerful
that tv ad is really a dumb move....she proves that trump is right about the rinos in the gop.
not so dumb- shows how many rinos are paid off by the clinton foundation- i despise rinos- remember these people
yorkdale mall () in toronto has this system, it's quite impressive.
nice! like that live parking map. noting the level of resolution that's useful to show
go for it!!! ^_^ for the love of walla! xd
she doesn't do f--king walla!
use my own voice? meaning...?
your troll voice might sound more authentic if you put your identity where your mouth is.
century arms suit is relative new, over defective ak safeties. not protected by plcaa.
beyond product liability, i'd like to see standardization of gun safety laws in 50 states.
when are you coming back ???
not for a while probably lol i wanna settle down first
dat geotag tho
lmao that's the google campus
"nobody is allowed to make jokes" -this guy
seriously. these twitter folks ought to appreciate jokes. it's what separates us from the animals.
jared on how he would direct a joker movie.
i would pay to see that
this dollar bill i've kept from my 2012 trip to nyc has seen better days.
that's like every dollar in my car right now
was that what that was? 96th?
i don't know it sounded like it idk what happened!!
yes. the streak was still in it's infancy back then. also, his 1st title reign in 1991 only lasted 6 days!
exactly but then it eventually became huge. i know, it's sad it didn't even last a full week lol
i would love to be abducted by aliens and have my memory wiped tbh
same, i could use the fresh start
its also life is beautiful weekend downtown. (big concert)
this is insane... i'm at kramer junction now going about 9 miles an hour .
will be premiering tonite on , it will be a 2 hour special , cast will be live...
omg can't wait!!
she makes my skin boil
i agree. she's just dumb and doesn't seem to care that she's dumb. and she hates hillary in this inexplicably personal way.
how thick im getting
i deleted it cuz i already saw the dumb shit coming so
really ? what's different about it ?
well messaging is cray you can send fireworks and shit and like texts and youtube videos play in the messages if you send a link
i've been hearing a lot of similar things. i'm a huge fan of the original and all of these positive reviews have me excited.
yeah i like it. not my favorite found footage, but really solid movie.
discussing the possibility of a joint exhibit with tanster. i'm actually super excited about the idea! ^_^...
me too! i feel really positive about it. we just need to let it happen.
just @ me, honestly.
*checks my timeline to see how bad it is
dude those weren't gun shots that was legit exploding buildings
frankie i'm freaking what was it
seriously? local communities have sued to stop many improvements, eg electrification
i've not seen that news. the caltrain is a big asset to the bay area.
it's been too long.
come here now
take us back
this is a very sick man. who jokes about someone getting shot? how can this be okay for a nominee for president?
he's the htb candidate--hard to believe! make america great again? trump? lol!
adrian beltre is a falling gif machine.
that fall looked bad on replay. this fool gay?
i disagree megan that is a v. cool story tbh
you know each other?
still haven't read. do they describe serology method in detail? rt-pcr for denv?
serology &amp; pcr diff to follow. zikv necessary but maybe not sufficient....
it kills me that taylor and i are in the same city and i have absolutely no chance of meeting her without invading her privacy.
and i would never do that to her. i don't want to wait outside of her apartment for hours to see her walk out. that's not fair to her.
damn son x again
strangenius x . proud of my dawg. he got a track on and this just the beginning
i'm gonna try to clean the tattoo in a bit i hope i don't die
you already got it???????????
oh you can get them already?
lol yeah came out for public today.
really ? what's different about it ?
they added gifs to the keyboard and also you can draw in message
hillary has flip-flopped so many times its hard to tell whether it's day or night
i despise hillary but holy crap, never seen a con man bigger than trump.
whatcha mean
constant aoes that cast seal on the group, constantly reappearing reinforcements.
in 1907, nehemiah libowitz wrote a book to prove to anti-semites that the talmud and later rabbis were funny.
in 1829, barbara anne simon published her theory that the 10 lost tribes of israel were in america.
how is it?? i didn't get here in time so i'm just waiting outside
they arent even here is they're late as usual
is this open international?
does ship in your area?
straw purchasing is a 10-year felony. obama's doj rarely prosecutes it.
that's interesting that doj isn't prosecuting straw purchase cases. is it unfunded?
dang i love rojas man that guy was real as fuck people in highschool are just to childish to recognize real
i told him he wasn't a complete asshole like i was saying but he says he hazed a lot of people too hard
tucker eat a ear of corn on the cob lol
all my dogs loved corn on the cob of which they'd lie down and gnaw on for hours after the corn was gone.
before you hit the hay, tired of crumbling infrastructure? tired of a do-nothing congress? vote democratic down the ticket this november!
democrats need to go balls deep and fight corruption that goes hand in hand w/these infrastructure contracts.
but in 100 years would u want someone to be thinking there was a version 1
yes. of course! make those future people work at their research! xp
i think i'm going to ny soon if i do i'll hit you up so we can do something
yas! okay i'll be down
loving santa cruz (as always) with my bride.
i love you too but stop using the electric bus emoji as an rv. stop trying to make fetch happen it isn't going to happen.
hillary has flip-flopped so many times its hard to tell whether it's day or night
he's an elite nyer, you think he gives a shit about your gun rights?!????
this talk at
i wasnt aware that google used kubernetes in production. i'm confident google is powered by borg.
also.. the original shipping date was for the end of the month. so i was surprised to get notice that it shipped out
let's hope it changes for me as well. a freaking month wait! i like how charged me already before shipping, f*ckers.
i wanna do something
or just sit and watch movies
we need to talk about the 1981 movie ghost story
your shirt is so wrong. but it's great
i disagree megan that is a v. cool story tbh
he had cats. bad move on so many counts but lol
he had to try at least. something tells me this convo isn't over. ~nw
not if he has anything to say about it.
trump can make fun of the injury that took sight in my eye-i've dealt with tougher opponents. with my good eye, i see trump is a con-artist.
is a bully &amp; a con-artist &amp; takes joy in another's pain. i'm so sorry that so many of his deplorables are stalking you.
barack obama does not surround himself with people like this. nor joe biden nor mitt romney. this is weird behavior.
weird clinton personnel practices are also almost surely why her pneumonia caught her own campaign by surprise. i bet she only told huma.
'we misled you': how the saudis are coming clean on funding terrorism
saudi explanations ring true &amp; make sense
i can't believe max is looking up ascii goatse
correction: ascii penis
just got in a fight with serious news man, , about how many baby whales could fit into our apartment.
so? how many fit?
girl you better off with an unlimited
girl that is a unlimited!!
and in a shocking teist, we find our hero in an airport
i misread the typo as heist, and thought your life got much more exciting recently
i had a really rough day
i'm sorry sis, sending e-hugs &amp; some love &amp; light from cali. stay up.
and i would never do that to her. i don't want to wait outside of her apartment for hours to see her walk out. that's not fair to her.
also, if i ever meet tay i don't want it to be rushed. i want to be able to hug her and thank her for everything. is that too much to ask?
friendship goals
what is beltre ' s problem?
two buzzfeed quizzes have told me i'll be married by age 28. so that ship has sailed i guess.
you should probably just get it over with then
be smart enough not to get your information from wikipedia.
fair enough. it's my first stop. not my last.
retama 6 take half sherrys gal
6 sherrys gal ruiz e g $26.80 $8.20 $4.20
hillary calls trump original 'birther', but her campaign actually started it in 2008.
he admitted it
sometimes i think my hour long commute to school is bad and then i remember the 3 students in my class who come from albany on amtrak..:
mami you not living in the city this year ??!?? i miss my tim
with the only difference being, rome had success in palestine, whereas rome failed in caledonia.
the romans' war with the picts was ongoing, but the jews' wars with the romans were short-lived.
what a hater
the spot only had paul george
i agree ws or bust for cubs. before i left house today twitter breaks bills fire roman what a trainwreck that is
the pressure is getting to rex lol so they had to make this kind of move. maybe this is a wakeup call for him.
hillary and her surrogates working the birther angle in the media in 2016 seems to be working as well as it did in 2008
srsly? you're working for a liar.
i want to separately opt into which people i receive ig stories. the risk of watching boring crap keeps me from seeing the buried bffs.
video is different because it can't be glanced. photo and text streams work because they can easily be scanned and passed over.
put a lot of thought into this one... like legit all day. but here are 3 characters who i think describe me best
luffy due to his willpower &amp; determination. he's a true leader &amp; always there for his friends. we also eat the same
lmfao nahh she loves ussss
i hate the two of you
what about "the truth about tribbles"?
i think you mean "the trouble with tribbles."
whatever at least they didn't rig their primary &amp; respected the will of voters.
so wait ... then what about the 2000 election? that was rep. rigged. or are u too young to even remember?
7 apartment applications and 6 rejections later, i finally got an apartment.
congrats!
goodnight everyone.
gnight sister! have sweet dreams!
all-time is . i don't have a current one but watching closely.
curious to know where does brees rank???
7:20 pm breaking lib msnbc confirms hillary started birther movement ! hillary racist liar !
hmm, still not any actual hard evidence it started with hrc tho, right?
trump gives up his birther fight... finally, we can stop worrying about where obama was born and start worrying that trump was born at all.
he admitted it filth
"luke, i won't show you my taxes." : darth vader.
" came out of nowhere. out of nowhere. people don't know who he is. it's crazy."
libertarian and green party presidential candidates fail to qualify for first debate, commission says.
who will be the adult at the debate? bill? melania?
i... i don't think i could love this anymore.
i'm so honored by this
1994 pro-tip for : skip the expensive tip line, just call nintendo power and ask which issues feature the game you're playing!
the nintendo tip line was free :)
that's the truth!
yay i hit the nail on that one
i've not seen that news. the caltrain is a big asset to the bay area.
they dropped it last year i think. electrification is moving forward.
love you bro. you always been a great person and now i get to see you be a wavy ass dad.
i appreciate your words brozay always.
i only listened to it bc you tweeted about it
lmao that's a real ass argument. escalated so quickly lol
a year ago today i pierced my nose and a coworker shit in my bathtub. the two events are unrelated! but!
wait....wut
i'd like to see all federal gun laws repealed.
yeah, i don't trust that most americans are as sane or trustworthy as you are. :-)
it finally came in! so excited to use this now!
keep the world posted as to how it goes/ works on you? before &amp; after pics
is a proven lie that trump zombies keep embarrassing themselves with.
he admitted it filth
video is different because it can't be glanced. photo and text streams work because they can easily be scanned and passed over.
compounding this, ig and snapchat heighten user anxiety by hiding video behind a list of faces.
mmmm, stop making me want to go to furpoc. that's a really long drive damnit in lazy and cat
but honest~
...but he didn't apologize, didn't admit he was wrong, &amp; didn't tell truth about conspiracy origins.
he admitted it filth
i think i was on the local westchester news today, but i can't log in to find out because i don't have cable.
i was in the 11:00-11:30 am pickup reservation line at ridge hill from 11-12:45 today. busy
in 1829, barbara anne simon published her theory that the 10 lost tribes of israel were in america.
in 1836, as simon was publishing an expanded version of her book, moses edrehi published his book on the lost tribes.
james and i have been dating pretty seriously for about a year now
(we've worked together a few months and are friends, according to a second source)
thanks for your stirring words-aliza!
for an all in budget vs day rate why should stylists give a fizzy toss?
there are those advocating tying electoral power directly to land ownership in the theory of community investment, but i'm guessing not here
"those" == landowners. and the best rebuttal to them would be: "so, your bank?"
i don't see gaga as celeb i see her a artist or regular cool human just like all of us . she not a puppet
yes.. but the reason people acting crazy bc they think she is
smash the link if you haven't already. it's a good read by with exclusive by
signed up two days ago and i can't get it in my inbox.
whenever i drive with my life flashes before my eyes at least a good 10 times
in my car it's only 9 :)
the bushes are helping the clintons today. kasich is rallying for obama. i'm glad everyone's cards on are the table.
they all owe trump an apology!!
i'd like to see all federal gun laws repealed.
too many gun owners screw up. i'd like guns as regulated as cars. not banned, regulated.
it's the end of the line
has everyone lost all respect for me
they are having a festival in january. come with
nahh saving for yeezus
trump can make fun of the injury that took sight in my eye-i've dealt with tougher opponents. with my good eye, i see trump is a con-artist.
i am so upset that made the most vile comment to &amp; now 's most deplorable people are stalking him.
media jump gun on branding claim on birther role 'false'
he admitted it
in 1836, as simon was publishing an expanded version of her book, moses edrehi published his book on the lost tribes.
he thought they were not far east of the caucasus, just over "the river sambatyon"
awww super cute!!
here'smy sweetheart
so y then claim it as jewish nw.
"claim it as jewish now"&lt;---what is "it"?
wearing really really short shorts in bed has become my favourite thing in the world. highly recommend, it's cooling af
this is...so...tempting...
i have a feeling icloud might contribute. if you have a mac can you access messages from there?
i only have a pc... seems to be working now after reboot... but after 3-4 hours it has stopped working the last few days
i put to sleep in 2011! then i woke it up several times in 2012, 2013, and 2014
he admitted it filth
my fiance and i are on board the !
nice! i'm about 1,000 away from being on team trump. it's a fun app!
something tells me that it won't stay that way
aether revolts holds surprises, eh?
from trump swapping his old lie for his new lie, to my ex narrating his wall falling, this looks like one bad movie:
let's hope trump is fiction and never becomes fact!
i just realized i needed to start tweeting again... and shanks sir! havnt posed any in a while tho
well and i have a good collection of your wo pics. i figured you expected that!!
that looks like his daughter ivanka! let's take the high road on this one, sorry not a part!
he even forced her to wear a blonde wig. he's said many sexual things about his daughter, he's quoted saying
thank you beauty! i hope to see you soon!
yes i hope so too!
"claim it as jewish now"&lt;---what is "it"?
i don't believe i claimed anything "as jewish".
you only got one thing wrong. we (bernites) aren't going to stay home. we are going to get out and vote trump this time.
so ruin the country bc you got your feelings hurt? good totally solid plan!
compounding this, ig and snapchat heighten user anxiety by hiding video behind a list of faces.
maybe a better solution is a stream of multiple frames from each clip.
the game deadass killed meek bro ...
son what song is this?
trump on clinton's bodyguards: "take their guns away. she doesn't want guns... let's see what happens to her."
someone,should tell to trump. take out you ugly wage, you don't need it.
new song??
nah on his pleasure passion pain jawn lol
this white girl standing in front of me has kissed her boyfriend at least 65 times since i've been in line, and i've been here for 2 minutes
like shit just suck his dick already
idk bout that
of course not, you don't have the privilege of dating me.
thank god teflon don's advisors are above reproach
why is this the go to? trump is bad so we shouldn't examine hillary at all?
closer than you think ;) meanwhile let's enjoy this awesome plane
;) *cryptic smiley winky fave*
we're so sorry about this! which location in pacifica is this?
linda mar, which is normally awesome
trump opening the mic to war heroes to talk about a real &amp; serious issue: national security. media got punked by pushing silly birther issue
what was most offensive was that on pow/mia recognition day, the media did not honor these heroes! or gold star mom. sad!
do they not save the day at the end of every episode? i might not be able to handle this...
it's like madmen. which i also struggled with. "how many changes do you need to not fuck up?!"
barf all day and night forever
there's plenty more within the thread... tw
isn't that sorta close to mormon ideology?
yeah, there are some studies on how simon influenced mormon theology. though i think the lds deny it? all revelation, they say
it took fox &amp; friends over an hour and a half before anyone on the show even mentioned trump's birtherism:
he admitted it you filthy little brock troll
give me the three bands/artists to create the most boring concert possible. it cannot be frank ocean three times in a row.
cold play, dave matthews band and ryan adams.
hsbc case blows lid off clintons' offshore empire via
several searches by wnd why hasn't this become news? it is discusting
i think he will get the season before he gets fired and ends up on espn or cbs as a guest analyst
i can see him getting a job as a defensive coordinator if he's fired. he's just not head coach material.
monay is super woman. we should make her an honorary mama
our supermonay! so loved by the mamas! big whopping thank you
luffy due to his willpower &amp; determination. he's a true leader &amp; always there for his friends. we also eat the same
spider-man due to his sharp wit &amp; sarcastic personality. he's incredibly humorous &amp; has a good sense responsibility &amp; duty
i love you too but stop using the electric bus emoji as an rv. stop trying to make fetch happen it isn't going to happen.
this whole time i thought it was an rv with the top window hatch open
closer than you think ;) meanwhile let's enjoy this awesome plane
;) *cryptic winky face*
lol sounds like the process of marriage
shut up conley
you're great brotha
preciate you bro
i truly believe that could stand up at a press conference, do nothing but jingle his keys, &amp; tv reporters would spend 7 days analyzing it.
we need to go ender wiggin on this menace. win so hard we prevent any future threat.
it's...a possibility. apparently i'm not needed at work that entire weekend but. money and such
oh honest... hehe i'll see you there then ;3
do itttt it's honestly my favourite thing ever and i don't even know why but it feels great
that's not what i was talking about leah
oh god it's the iron-on
i need to find a halloween iron on. i need atleast 7 sweaters with a cat in a pumpkin
how many more lies will retract before nov 8? how many new ones will he tell? live at 10pm
the extra inch was about bmi and definition of obesity. so at 6-3 he is merely a big fat liar.
well it does amputate any major limbs, it doesn't disrupt biological use not that i support it
"it doesn't disrupt biological use"&lt;---like i said, that is shit that pro-cutters say.
you're too hypnotized to see reason. too bad.
how would you know. you have not presented me with any reason--not even a definition
for years, told a mean-spirited lie. now, weeks before an election, he is trying to take it back.
he admitted it filth
my yank tweeps: how do you feel about girardi's last two nights?
overthinking! no reason to pull tanaka and lane last night or cessa tonight. can't use betances 3 days in a row. panic moves
crazy. they're supposed to charge when it ships so def call them and find out
i already tweeted at them earlier and called. nothing yet. this is how they lose customers, shady shit like that.
great paul where have you been the past 8 years of this overreach? why is comey not being grilled about his decision
this guy ryan so arrogant!!
did u forget about the 2000 election? funny how no one remembers.
i said the same thing!!
oh man, that's something
i turned out ok, i think, but yeah!
analysis: by 2025, 99.6% of paul ryan's tax cuts would go to the richest 1% of americans *they plan to destroy gov't
americans are very foolish to trust paul ryan. mitch mcconnell is sneaky, but ryan is plain blatant. pretty heartless too.
congratulations to the chicago cubs who are certain to win the world series.
uh...er....
"harestream" painted live i w...
nice i saw this during the slow exodus on the way out of cheered me up :)
i guess the problem is nobody outside of the tech sphere knows who in the hell he is so he uses it as a crutch to be relevant.
a crutch to prove how smart he is.
trump today: 32 words = 1 pants on fire + 1 false + 1 full flop. &amp; &amp;
he admitted it filth
who's seen the movie me before you?
me! was i the only one who was driven nuts by how much she moved her eyebrows?
we'd be glad to help! is the picture attached to a link? which device does this occur on?
ipad air. the picture is linked, but if you press on it for a second or two, save image is supposed to come up, but it doesn't
great 2b back tonight on ! and just as race is tied- its like america's watching dr strangelove and half are rooting for the bomb!
kerry washington puleeeze
a presidential candidate twice dog-whistling an attack on the other? seem like a bad movie? you have no idea. vol.4
let's hope trump doesn't make it past the cutting room!
i love him like everyone else of course. however, i'm ready to let him go but it looks like he'll be around longer
lol you are right he will be around longer. looks like he will retire as a saint. my favorite giant of all-time is lawrence
that's why i appreciate it
well i appreciate that you appreciate it
she understands for the good of all, let's not piss mp off. lol.
ahahahha!!!well she recounts you as a saint mama
thank god for . just say it! do not let just spew lies. love this guy!
is a humorless thug.
i am just now catching up with this trump event and this is wild in its contempt for the press.
he admitted it filth
media bias much? look at the headlines.. the difference is the geographical location of where they're distributed...
it's pathetic how they change the entire title just to sell to the specific state they wanted people to buy this newspaper in... greed&gt;truth
trump birther statement today was not a "difficult admission," "acknowledgement" or "surrender." it was, like previous statements, a tactic.
he admitted it filth
legally blonde uses so many dutch tilts and i'm both confused and here for it
come to think of it a lot of late 90's early 2000's comedies used tons of exaggerated dutch tilts, why wasn't this mentioned in ib film?
take it up with mark levin it was in his book i read.
land ownership is one dimension of influence. wyoming vs a few square blocks of nyc.
"y'all want some cheese with that w(h)ine" - re: dems. focusing on 's birther comments
sad scott masquerades as christian pastor,saying need not apologize for mistake. pathetic.
parents alway reminded me of these memes that be like"i want someone who looks at me the same after being w. eachother for so long"
lol how cute idk how they made it with each other, i can't find anyone who can be faithful for longer than a couple months
what if i told you had a picture of a gorilla as the image on their birther presser?
he admitted it filth
i love him like everyone else of course. however, i'm ready to let him go but it looks like he'll be around longer
taylor and brandon jacobs. current favorite giant is eli manning.
hoping on a flight to sfo in 9 hours - pro tips?
go hard :) four barrell coffee, blue bottle coffee, tartine, trick dog, super duper burgers, uberx pool. the list goes on
confession time? here's what i got alphabet a curious creator i~open~sourced a-plot one's private dic~tator now we call the shot(s)
[the periodic table: quantum] *...w.h.o., where &amp; weighting...* {remote access trojan: agent j} -mr. smith (d.n.a.) mib
heather dubrow? if not ask her which season.
"they are saying you're snobby" but "that's not who." apparently, the new york season. current?
i don't think its what they meant. we r tired of all lies &amp; wanna focus on jobs/poverty
proportion anyone? hc lied abt own illness(like my workaholic dad)trump for 8 yrs abt potus'birth
you're the only one that gives me hostility. you're fortunate i indulge you.
u want me in that wall u need me on that wall
great 2b back tonight on ! and just as race is tied- its like america's watching dr strangelove and half are rooting for the bomb!
easy to ply the blame game
let's stop hiring bruce weber pls
hes been using non yt models alot lately, glad it only took him 40+years to realize he hasnt shot anyone darker than eggshell
trump birther statement today was not a "difficult admission," "acknowledgement" or "surrender." it was, like previous statements, a tactic.
he admitted it, filth
is hillary clinton out of ammo to use against donald trump? |
yes.all we need is this 2 come out why hasn't anything been done
babes first little bath
i didn't know you could give them baths?! gilbert smells like shit
is that what happened? or did the dem nominee make this point and *white reporters* flipped the fuck out?
nothing racist or xenophobic libscum
made a "yak shaving" ref after a day spent chasing deps to a younger and confused engineer. what are they teaching in school these days?
what did he or she say? or did they just blink at you?
i think it's the multiple partner issue. much like nate parker. consent to 1 guy consent 2 all
but if she did consent to rose, it's non-nonsensical to imply rose is the one who 'violated' her.
look who's on twitter
i knew would like that one
im glad you're enjoying yourself
your twitter is so good. thank you so much for the laughs
nyt headline for its news account of trump's birther statement
he admitted it filth
i'm liking the sound of this!
you know how in persona games you either totally roll the enemy or feel utterly helpless with nothing in between? that's tms.
when your favorite '80s popstar surprises you on your birthday . . .
amazing! so fun!
trump was introduced by a noted birther at his anti-birther event:
he admitted it filth
the gorn can't be there tonight. he's playing 1b for the dbacks vs the dodgers.
goldschmidt's reflexes are faster than that!
my scarf didn't last 10 mins after i got home before it was claimed by my wife.
it's the perfect fall accessory!
just imagine the number of bricks they would sh*t if this was proposed:
we have other issues to deal with:
trump based his political career on racist birtherism. he will never escape from it. my column.
he admitted it filth
what did he or she say? or did they just blink at you?
"it's something we do in bike sheds, it's a cargo cult thing"
he is one of the most despicable people on the planet in addition to being a threat to our democracy and the world.
yo talking about obama i believe
but if she did consent to rose, it's non-nonsensical to imply rose is the one who 'violated' her.
but since it's a lawsuit, she can sue whomever she wishes to sue, regardless.
is there any evidence that clinton actually listened to or acted on any of blumenthal's advice?
why wouldn't she cut him off!
i think was actually trying to not be a hater but constructive. let's not beat that up.
i didn't get that from this, but respect your take.
the birther lie is what turned trump from an ordinary reality tv star into a political figure. that origin story can't be unwritten.
he admitted it filth
final 42-14
thanks madison!
leading the birther movement is deplorable. attempting to say it "did a great service" to the president who trump attacked is asinine.
he admitted it filth
spider-man due to his sharp wit &amp; sarcastic personality. he's incredibly humorous &amp; has a good sense responsibility &amp; duty
yusei is quiet, a loner but incredibly smart. always gives the best advice &amp; wisdom. he'll always be there for his friends
the party that doesn't have a candidate that gets rapists of 12 year olds off and laughs about it
the party who's candidate for is being sued for allegedly raping children
cheers greggeveryone
hi jeanne mets win how braves do
eh i dunno. i'll see about prices but i'm not sure. rooming and all that
mmhm mmhm... :p
nightmare or not, i'm still the girl of your dreams
no way you're a nightmare. :)
trump was introduced by a birther at the event where he tried walking back his birtherism:
he admitted it filth
i just imagined max b in yeezy season 4 clothing and i am now fuckin furious
max wit some leather pants and some 1s.
cva coming in hot this year 3-0
they won? score?
the fix: today a new low for journalism but for trump, he was the ringmaster at the circus. "it was peak trump."
he admitted it filth
when they ask is y'all hiring ?
you so wack for exposing me like that
now this is how you do bad news on a friday lol
wow. and he just brought them an nit . maybe those claims of him intimidating those players was really true!
science says people who take selfies are happier than people who don't.
yeah cuz they're good looking; science doesn't need to get involved in this one.
so like i'm in a figure drawing class and im so curious to know if that was anyone's first time seeing a live tiddy or penis
tiddy, that's the word you chose
marriage equality isn't a priority of mine. i'm not a single issue voter.
you will lose more than that. i hate to tell you. id explain but you wouldnt be able to understand
damn, cnn is on a roll today about trump's birther non-apology. this time it's
he admitted it filth
trump says clinton is against 2nd amendment, jokes about disarming her bodyguards: 'let's see what happens to her'
stop tump from talking, he be cockblocking!
i love passing the magazine covers in the hallway. "i remember reading that one...and editing that one..."
that was all victor fajardo's doing! so awesome right?
if trump isn't a birther, does he regret leading the movement for four years? does he apologize to obama?
he admitted it filth
ben franklin on the pain felt by the shy when running a kickstarter
are shan and eric shy? that would explain a lot.
fuck starbucks for making me wait 30 fucking minutes for a simple ass drink
watch out for the ghost in the stock room
i switched back from the $7 plan to the free tier on june and you charged me $49 in june and $59 in july.
please dm us and we'll handle accordingly.
where have you been.mp3
girl i been here. we need to fix this!
it's happening shorty. on good behavior
i feel it... i been said this man.... the wave gon be back
trump: clinton's secret service should disarm, 'see what happens to her'
trump is an overgrown punk who has a sick mind. don't vote for him. he belongs in an asylum, not in the oval office.
"i can't support someone who lies for a living." to on
so working for trump is acceptable because all know he's a liar!
him and adriene woulda hqs the best kids
absolutely she was low key mad crazy tho i'm more sad that rob got fat he used to be bae :(
everyone underestimates how smart three is.
three's also pretty damn badass and tough as shit!
i subscribe and get these neat things :)
oh i'm a subscriber now. for the last few months. because i need a box of happiness delivered to my door
bethenny for sure
you win. i don't know what the prize is besides my own, personal self loathing.
i don't know if y'all know but is essentially a frickin genius, follow him now
holy fuck is in prime condition tonight oh my fuckskbskajhakdb
clinton's trust issues are innate. she's paranoid. that results in a roster of familiar but ultimately toxic friends and associates.
you are correct
ashleigh banfield on cnn is completely fed up with trump's "birther crap"
he admitted it filth
no as good a view as stumpy tower and the rose gardens but
you got that right mate
anyone else seeing hugely worse battery life with watchos 3? i used to get to bedtime @ 60% now @ 25% in early evening.
that sounds right, pretty sure they explicitly stated that for watchos 3 they intentionally traded battery for performance.
the next several days of birther coverage is really gonna get those white women in philly suburbs off the fence &amp; on board the trump train!
he admitted it filth
gun laws do not affect criminals, only encourage irish democracy and delegitimize government.
i don't quite buy the circular "only criminals violate gun laws." many loopholes need filling.
health plans that are all excited about the medicare advantage business
shh. that's my next post, sort of.
that was put very well tbh
very well put indeed
trump gives up his birther fight... finally, we can stop worrying about where obama was born and start worrying that trump was born at all.
or the 3 babies of yours that were never born.
stg me neither longliveonepunchman
me and kip watchin
trump fans want someone who is racist enough to be a birther but dishonest enough to pretend he was lying about being a birther since 2011.
he admitted it filth
.: "trump does speak realistically and he doesn't seem to be pandering...to get the black vote."
thank you pastor scott-i think is sincere in his attempts to reach out to the black community-
my brand new son, harlow! harlow, world. world, harlow.
congrats to you and your family!
trump didn't finish the birther movement. it was finished august 4, 1961.
he admitted it filth
i'm hundo percent getting murdered in this airbnb
lot of air in that bnb
when you open up the latest game informer and there's one picture packed with a+ people you know.
very cool you alls!!
so trump just manipulated cable tv to give him free air time, then lied about origins of his birther libel against obama.
he admitted it filth
trump's actual birther supporters will treat this bad faith event as a massive trolling wink to them and not a disavowal. they'll be right.
he admitted it filth
idk if i said it to u last night 26-42 since jets was 8-6 before imploding to your boys
wow things went downfall after that game i see. i would honestly prefer rex over spags.
not sure. on hold for now, but we'll see.
i dream of skating on icy bridges across the willamette, advancing towards the annex where reigns
this is how we're going to turn up when we're old
bitch this is me now
~*~ keep calm and make america harambe again ~*~
see my last tweet
trump didn't end the birther movement. after obama put out birther certificate, for years trump suggested it was fake. so how did it end?
he admitted it filth
have anything u r curious about? tweet us your ?s w/ &amp; we may feature some answers in a future newsletter!
do you have any job openings? :)
i was here and then went off to meetings followed by the gym.
that's acceptable, i guess
i was looking at the chain of tweets.
seems it's part of a larger roll he's been on.
you add less than nothing to the conversation
hi is quite a bit more than u atleast i hav credibility people that sell false narratives hav none
an iphone se is cool
iphone this dick in ya momz is cool right
it looks like a stuffed animal puppy so cute
she's the cutest lol
great choices.
thanks :))) what are you up to?
lmao i love trolling but no lie i'd rather listen to her than 80% of the beatles discog
don't know if i could rock w/ shawty but the beatles being overrated is indeed a fact.
trump's campaign hyped up change on birther issue. and now that tv networks carrying it live, we've had 20 mins of veterans endorsing trump
he admitted it filth
oh crap... next to an arguing couple.
this could be a long flight...
if it isn't included in white privilege it isn't important
i'd say dating me creates benefits that others normally wouldn't receive
trump: i'm gonna discuss the birther thing. (media sets up cameras) trump: nah, just kidding, here's 8 straight hours of folks praising me.
he admitted it filth
in a random mood to watch jim and pam's wedding episode for the 27th time
although very addictive to watch, they set some really unrealistic expectations of relationships and marriage.
i'm too tired to fight alt-reich twitter so instead i am correcting their poor grammar
time to alt-rewrite
great 2b back tonight on ! and just as race is tied- its like america's watching dr strangelove and half are rooting for the bomb!
love you bill but why aren't you addressing the fact that childhood poverty is at its all time high since obama took office?
i don't think we're subscribed to that app. we're just simply passengers. ;)
i'm on board and rolling full steam ahead! hope all's well.
you tighten the screws, we will make guns from scratch.
that is very disturbing.
just heard that dismisses in one sentence, the filthy lie he pounded us with for 8 yrs, that pres. obama wasn't born here!
you think donny was born on uranus?
if you could receive 1 patriots-related christmas gift, what would it be?
a game used football from the 2015 afc championship game
trump's handlers managed to locate all 4 african-american trump voters to stand behind trump at his birther press conference.
he admitted it filth
my night: some nice organic ass dinner, a little walk around the neighborhood, gonna make a pillow bed on the floor, baseball, and champagne
perfection!
trump wasn't just any old birther. he pushed conspiracy theories about obama's college records and whether he wrote dreams from my father
he admitted it filth
. on : "mr. trump... has stated very clearly that he's the one that got closure to this issue."
perpetrator
i could contemplate all day over it and not decide, but margot's australian accent in the wolf of wall street might choose for me
its so hard! but keira knightly's accent on pirates of the caribbean melts my heart
just 5.7% of budget actually went to charitable grants rico?
please stop lying. thanks
trump repeating birther question - 4 years after obama proved him wrong. h/t
he admitted it filth
i love when you post pictures of them finding something like them will be so hard to find!!
lol they're so gay. honestly seeing how happy they make each other makes me never settle for less than what i deserve
it's the last day to send us your snaps for jimmy's birthday! let's make sure he knows how much we love him!
bummer,i don't have snapchat.i do wish my favorite late night talk show host an amazing birthday!thank-you 4 making me laugh!
. clearly no. political context known for hyperbole, no imminent violence by hearers possible.
will no one rid me ...
i wrote this on trump's racist birther campaign 5 years ago- now he thinks he can walk away from 5 years of this?
he admitted it filth
.: "[] said that he would cut the deficit in half by the end of his first term which he did."
goolsbee is a goole.
snip a lock of his hair 4 me
it was in a wine store so the story is going to evolve to "i had drinks with dylan sprouse"
let's not forget: whatever trump says now, his incessant birtherism formed the bedrock of his improbable rise.
he admitted it filth
yup. because it's waiting to see if you do a double press for multitasking. pretty sure the 6s did that as well
no way to eliminate this ? little messy, i feel. double hitting the home button causes a little jump in multitasking also -
recap: munson places sixth as ru x/c finishes fourth at rider invite:
way to go, rutgers!
after trump makes his birther statement everyone ask about his tax returns
he admitted it filth
haha yes! just warm water and only a tiny bit!
thank god lmao that will be my duty tomorrow
another reason why trump can't escape 'birther' past -- just look at his stmts after birth certificate release
he admitted it filth
maybe it's a gay thing
side effects of poppers and prep may include:
two years have flown - 3 babies, a ton of work and a lot of air miles later and we're still sane! kind of ....
no weren't not - not even a little bit!! but we we have a great time
are these niggas good
gotta watch out for that reactics kid i heard he eats kittens other than that your gucci
when you haven't seen your homie in a while
was about to hit with this license plate tho! lol
i tried &amp;tried but this is as far as i could get my tongue out for your challenge! must be the pug in!
you did a super job!!! but i still win!
sanders mocks trump for alleged shift on birther position, says trump's campaign is about "bigotry":
he admitted it filth
what's going on y'all
i need that verse. on this.
mgr bruce bochy led thousands of people on a 5k walk to at&amp;t park friday for
thousands came out to inc &amp; . thanks to all of our walkers!
you guys were so fabulous!
thank you! vx
almost every word of trump's birther statement is a lie.
he admitted it filth
set times for tonight's show in nyc @ webster hall - cold cave 815, tr/st 930
is there an after party or whut???
haha that's what everyone thought about rates
i must admit that negative rates seemed fictional...kind of like negative iqs.
my yank tweeps: how do you feel about girardi's last two nights?
overthinking! no reason to pull tanaka &amp; layne last night or cessa tonight. can't use betances 3 days in a row. panic moves.
this birther garbage is as close to trump telling us the sky isn't blue as we're gonna get. this is a real test - especially for tv media.
he admitted it filth
it's really disappointing to see how many left-wing media outlets are saying they got "tricked" into airing trump's ceremony with veterans!
these in the press are . do they not know today is pow/mia recognition day? !
pulisic is what americans swear landon donvoan is
more talented then donovan ever was. he wasn't starting champions league games for leverkusen at 17
trump didn't stop being a birther in 2011, here's the video to prove:
he admitted it filth
when i am healthy
&amp; take a little extra time to get stronger as well.
. just drum soloed on the bar and this girl threw so much shade.
the dj has continued to play pop punk and has lost it.
i just got home from work
ooooohhhhhhhhh, i wanted to hang out but u answered too late :( its not ur fault tho
and did she?
apparently not
a cnn fact-check from march on clinton and birtherism and trump's false claims she began it is here
he admitted it filth
.: "most americans think the economy is on the wrong track, the country's moving in the wrong direction."
so why are any of them supporting hillary the clingon,
add your name now to join the millions of americans who are with hillary all the way to the white house!
yes, we all are with her. we trust her. we support her until she becomes our favorite president in america.god bless her
if it has not been shipped out we need that thing overnighted for saturday delivery as he leaves sat. am. please let me know
hi anthony! his tee was sent today priority overnight for delivery saturday at noon. a tracking number was sent via email
not big numbers but african americans are going for trump at higher % than past couple elections
no they aren't.
any media outlet that gives trump a scintilla of credit for tonight's faux birther announcement will have permanently discredited themselves
he admitted it filth
lmfaoooo cause i hit him
i know but he sound like he possessed
what'd they do
girls get boyfriends and act like their friends don't exist
they are still a thing?
yeah, they usually unbox it and then scratch/burn/bend to test durability.
tonight's spox statement claims trump brought birther q "to its conclusion" in 2011. but this tweet's from 2012 --&gt;
he admitted it filth
someone finally found me out
told you id fucking do it
realize your worth
aw aly you're so cute
just checked yupp, philippines
wait. that's not for prime. let me ask amazon and get back to you.
. i was a democrat until lied under oath, was impeached, and not a single stood for the rule of law.
i would think you'd stop being a democrat after bill clinton gave away american jobs with nafta.
my dad was born in poland. do you know how many people ever asked me whether or not i was born in america? nobody ever asked me that.
try to speak with a accent and you'll learn something new
be a hipster! get a motorola razr
lmao. i would, but i like playing games too much.
lol u mean like your progressive totalitarianism. do it our why or else? you've got to be kidding me hypocrite
i don't want a strict progressive agenda shoved down my throat either
trump renouncing birtherism is classic non-apology. not sorry, going birther was a huge success, also clinton is the real birther somehow.
he admitted it filth
it's cheaper at tbell. a beef taco is $1.19. then again i eat like 5
they're better at home on corn tortillas with quality steak and real mexican cheese.
as recently as 2014, trump was tweeting out his racist birther nonsense.
he admitted it filth
corey lewandowski is a complete psycho he belongs with but he fired him
he looks a little frail doesn't he?
loca, bye
gracias por decirme, ayudaste mucho :-)
baby. i watched season 4 when it aired and about 10 times over. i've followed since then. you need to get a life.
she's a liar and playing the victim. ya'll coming for rupaul is basic.
i already know... i always say o think you should smoke more often but you know just my opinion...
i agree with you, i do need to smoke often
so talking about the animals... mosquitoes are the worst. they don't have any purpose. they are just the most annoying cunts.
would you like some cheese with that whine?
politifact gave it false washington post gave it 4 pinocchios. trump is a birther and his campaign is lying.
he admitted it filth
need some dusty rhino motivation for writing this paper
when "first wave front" transitions to "open eye signal"
neither can i
try to at least take a look at the amazing full moon tonight! it's magical
not wanting to alienate his base of bigots, rascists, neo-nazis &amp; other deplorables, trump still the 'birther king'
he admitted it filth
at this point microtransactions in priced retail games just seems to be something the big publishers need to get out of their systems.
you'd think everyone would have learn from blizzard's huge mess of diablo 3
there's the fancy part of lga, and the one that looks like it hasn't been renovated in 50 years
lol yeah we definitely came in through the terminal that looks like it's stuck in the 80s
a chicken in every pot/room
i wish i could order some more garbage bags but im in our bedroom and don't want to walk to the kitchen
absolutely nothing unfortunately. tweeting &amp; lifetime.
sounds like my kind of night lol
i really would love them on amazing race
if america voted they would definitely be listed as a americas favorite couple
all's well! and i just got engaged a few days ago. we're extremely excited. :)
awesomeness!!! congrats to yu both!!!
when i came out as gay, democrats were - and still are - so hateful to me. not a day goes by that i don't get hate mail.
hypocritical twisted a-holes.
mt video of all racist birther claims, which he now wants to distance himself from, w/o apology
he admitted it filth
today belonged to plotting the future. with a crispy creme donut party half way through the day. chocolate frosted with cream inside.yum/yuk
that's called doing life right
oh, how nice. care to address context
even the nazi swastika was born as an ancient religious symbol before becoming something else
don't forget you have to bake bread
hmm what is a cool halloween bread
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
ewwww no thanks
has anyone picked up chabot's newspaper? there's a good number of yellow boxes around campus providing them (^:
current articles on frank ocean, our football team, educational programs location in building 700. check it out.
reporter shuts down trump surrogate on birther comments | ap photo
he admitted it filth
of course you find liberty disturbing. you want people controlled. that's not happening.
easy there. i'm all for liberty. i'm very concerned about 16,000 firearm homicides every year.
i know! he beat hulk hogan at the 1991 survivor series for it, but lost it back to hogan at tuesday in texas 6 days later.
yes exactly, so you do know your history :) hogan threw the ashes from the urn in his eyes to get the win lol
baby. i watched season 4 when it aired and about 10 times over. i've followed since then. you need to get a life.
i wouldn't know who in the hell phi phi was if it weren't for rupaul like so many queens, have several seats.
def looks like a hook was forming on sw side of storm &amp; headed str8 for hb . very possible but no confirms?
haven't heard a thing, all i got was a facebook post that i was tagged in. it's driving me nuts lol
do you have any reviews from previous boyfriends that i can look at
unfortunately there's not many people that have experienced the pleasure of dating me.
is a birther until he says he's not one. (and was still born in hawaii.)
he admitted it filth
got a mask on ma face, probiotic bacteria in ma gut, chamomile-lemongrass-honey tea in ma hand.
and a new 100w lightbulb in my light. we gon get through this.
has everyone lost all respect for me
no one's gonna respect me in the morning
i think they added settings for that recently.
they offer muting on case by case basis... i follow hundreds of people.
they just left to go back to school
it was their turn to nurse you
is a birther until he says he's not one. (and was still born in hawaii.)
he admitted it filth
playing 4s :(
alright gn then
wow! you're amazing! my niece skyler just started yesterday. she's in love
awww!!! rock that violin!
that outfield is ridiculous. betts and bradley are young studs and everybody loves benintendi. god damn, i'm jealous.
me too. the mets of prospects are three-five years away or nonexistent.
when "first wave front" transitions to "open eye signal"
but then when "gosh" transitions to "avril 14th"
great 2b back tonight on ! and just as race is tied- its like america's watching dr strangelove and half are rooting for the bomb!
new rule why doi have to listen to kerry washington if she really was interested in what's going on she'd be out there hands on
11 of trump's most outrageous 'birther' claims
he admitted it filth
fox news host: why did trump promote 'falsehood' hillary started birther movement? via
inquiring minds demand an answer immediately!
ok, ed, trumpsplain the real meaning ...
i already did u can't tell someone u don't need guns to protect yourself when you r always protected by them ?????
the only reason i would wana have skinny thighs is for thigh high boots
noooooooo!!!!!thick thighs save lives
this is great. i kinda want one.
check the website! perfect apparell for the modern ducks fan.
conway: birther talk turns off minority voters. trump: what?! why? conway: because of how transparently racist it is? trump: uh-huh. right
he admitted it filth
two. both townsend coleman (michelangelo) and (leonardo)
yeah, and i also recall townsend on the old gameshow go. great show, btw.
that's kind of a weird shooting form, no?
not a very normal shot tbh
mariah always dressed like a fashion plate....we know this
omg! i was obsessed
hillary's campaign just keeps charging your credit card after your one-time donation.
if true, good thing i'm not donating. now show me the link that like i did, puddin'.
the light of my life
i love when he laughs!!!!!
when the ber driver doesn't have an aux cord.. headphones it is.
bc country does not fly
thank you. as do you. what makes me seem fun?
idk you just seem fun to me for some reason xd
at least iphones still come with stickers. so that makes everything else a-okay!
they're not color matched though
one of my all time favorites of kristen's photoshoots. very bardot!
definitely think that was the goal
current articles on frank ocean, our football team, educational programs location in building 700. check it out.
has most of the articles as well, including more.
orange is decent. but pineapple &amp; grape are savage. all i need is a bag of doritos ranch &amp; a chop cheese to finish the trifecta
my nigga i eat a chop cheese on a date. we some savages b.
this is a very easy thing to say and trump is totally unwilling to say it which is why he is still a birther
he admitted it filth
yes. i have the noise cancellation one.
yeah i think that has to do with it. maybe in your case due to the hearing aids they work best. bose is best in class for nc.
not only that but they're the only jeans that make your ass look gooood lol
oh you right
asaki wants to be empress
well, she's assuming ryo is stupid. but ... honestly he's not.
white people from queens are exactly who i think of as trump voters.
blue collar, but not poor ppl, who have seen their neighborhoods go through lots of ethnic changes
instant. hood. classic.
saw it twice, so good
trump doesn't understand why the "birther" movement he led against obama would upset people. is he nuts?
he admitted it filth
plays voice of reason: it would be a "good idea" for to apologize for being a birther. wow.
he admitted it filth
what's ugp??
you don't know shit!!!
no, they don't. gun ownership is skyrocketing. violent crimes with guns and accidents plummeted
my understanding is that ownership is more about repeat buying, accumulation. not new buyers. yes?
i'm so sorry to hear it! this is clive sitting in my chair.
clive is adorable! i love it! thank you!
whats everyones favorite fall activities???
shoving acorns up my ass
this is weird i need a crush
can someone be my crush
im still driving what the fuck man
i'm still stuck in the car with you wtf
rex is a good dc other then 08 jury is out on spags as dc. during 1st sb run that d spags coach got torch in rs
exactly why i would take rex lol. also excited that nba training camp is almost here.
2 tough ladies
cool thank for the reply ... you think it's a 3 set game
trump: 'i don't know' if birther attacks hurt image with black voters
he admitted it filth
lol...kind of amazing, right?
really amazing.
it's on your way. give me 5 mins.
hey kimmy girl! how are you? miss you tons!
what a cutie omg with a little bun!
he's wearing the hipster style bun.
ok, ed, trumpsplain the real meaning ...
anyone saying anything other than that is full of shit that's exactly his point
when the ber driver doesn't have an aux cord.. headphones it is.
bc country music does not fly
these bikini chicks are basically wearing thongs. "fitness"
looks like about the same coverage to me. except that bikini sticks their ass out more.
birther claim "first advanced by diehard hillary clinton supporters as campaign for the party's nomination faded."
too bad this is patently false.
if bridget jones's baby isn't nominated for at least three academy awards i will picket the oscars
just saw it -- will dm you to discuss
would u be a timberwolves fan tho
i feel it would be some other random team like the bucks or something
just make sure you apologize for your mistakes.
i do &amp; my mistakes dont affect the public. think about it. think long &amp; hard as you look at the bible
yes we do...when your lazy ass starts contributing we'll cut you some slack craig.
i feel you momma but in the mean time while i'm still at home before i leave next year
there were 8,124 homicides with firearms in u.s. in 2014. it hasn't been 16,000 ever.
are you discounting suicides?
dear god what did i do to deserve having 3 simultaneous canker sores including one (1) on my tongue????
actually i've definitely done a lot of things to deserve this but still it's so pajnful
oh word. i need a new hitta. last one got sloppy.
yu know it's 1 call away
yea that i know. i just thought if i open apple music i wouldn't be using my data
true, true.
i replaced lynda carter. i'm ok with this.
you better charge that phone. 4% is dangerously low
they knew my voice and everything. hooked me up with extra. wished me merry christmas. now they gone.
i know the feelin man, i had a chinese spot on flatbush for 20years, when the new owners took over, nothin was the same.
this is a disgrace. respect the game, respect the supporters. this club is nothing without the ultras.
if the ultras are not allowed to bring in flags, consider this st holder suspended for 2016 &amp; 2017
similar stations in zurich, geneva, paris (tgv), others. an airport train station is incredibly obvious; but we get spurs.
can't speak for geneva/zurich, but train station at ams is more of a hub than cdg.
ranked by publish what you fund two years in a row unmatched accomplishment
ranked by publish what you fund two years in a row unmatched accomplishment
ok no that is *definitely* spanking i'm hearing from the room across ours. i am very familiar with the sound of spanking from a nearby room.
v subtle subtweet there
ok guys, all the tags tomorrow on the gathering, but tonight early sleep bc i had to take my heavy hitter pain drugs
*snuggles lots*
....cheick kongo failing to blow out a candle?
the candle is in his head.
me too. the mets of prospects are three-five years away or nonexistent.
i've always said that, in my mind at least, the mets and sox match up beautifully for a blockbuster but idk if either will do it
trump says clinton is against 2nd amendment, jokes about disarming her bodyguards: 'let's see what happens to her'
what trump is doing is called "stochastic terrorism." it is a real thing.
on the big screen last night for the of my 'devoured' directed by ...
best movie at the festival by far. it inspired me to shop at whole foods more often.
at the same time, let's give nico a warm welcome to the family. don't let your need for answers skew your priorities. okay, i'm done now.
well said bro! :) ;) :d
this is a better read:
here read a real journalist
what an incredibly nice thing to say.. muchas gracias.. and si!
you two are both awesome in sports reporting. have a great weekend!!!
you girlies know each other?!!! we need a kii when i'm in nyc next month!!
yas henny, we go way back to artrave in fl and she's an october baby too so that's another party on the way
not in the virgin america flight i took this morning they haven't
too bad, if i remember they're now using viasat on the jfk-sfo route.
: he fed her intel that she didn't tell him to stop sending. that's the part that matters.
the only reason he didn't work for state was that obama forbade it.
if they get paid wages, they're ineligible for various benefits. so they get stipends and other forms of support.
thanks, that makes sense.
which rocky movie should i watch right now?
4 is the obvious answer so i say 3 for (ted) clubber lang
we had to buy it from amazon
but - congrats on the book shoutout!
i think they added settings for that recently.
ps. haven't talked to you in a while!
should have cut his mic
he should have never had him on to begin with.
if u mean the damage berniebros &amp; sandernistas did to bernie, i agree. diff degrees. hrc damage may fuq usa &amp; world.
hrc will make a fine president, period.
yeah. i love it. that's why your tweet about something better than bose interested me. :)
yes but even then, the sound is artificial. i bought and used these because i was on a 13 hour flight. made a huge difference.
go thursday in the am!! i'm going on a field trip
me and lexi look young enough bitch we will hop on that buss w you
i like all of them but this one is my all time favorite!
yes hey love is so good have you seen her in concert
my life right now. dominates.
dang, . was just about to post basically the same picture!
take 2 years from me so i can be young again lmao
i'll take them .
wtf was that bc i can't handle it
tina at the front desk said it was fireworks ????
there were 8,124 homicides with firearms in u.s. in 2014. it hasn't been 16,000 ever.
this is from cdc:
so cute when a passenger thinks they can get free stuff by acting rude with me. nah nigga you just ruined your chances
do i get free stuff
yeah. i love it. that's why your tweet about something better than bose interested me. :)
though sonically they are mediocre at best.
can someone take me to a view to see the moon better cool thanks
lets go!!! i have a few places in mind lol
(and then catch every episode thereafter on thursday nights after superstore. i paid for plane wi-fi 2 tweet this please do not let me down)
i'm on it!!!!!!! i can't wait!
i hate it but i've been sick this week so i'm recovering. i have popcorn &amp; good cough syrup so i'm good. ;)
i remember you telling me that you were sick but it's good to hear that you are recovering. i'm eating a philly cheesesteak and
what flavor?
peach pear
just make sure you apologize for your mistakes.
if i accused somethig that turned out false,even unintentionally,i apologize. do you? does ?
maidan: regime change complete
trmped up charges. procecutors said they have no prove
thank you from the bottom of our hearts to everyone picking up our new record, it really means the world
thank you for putting on such a great show!! maybe come out afterwards???;)
me personally ion why niggas invite me anywhere, niggas know i don't like leaving the crib but don't be petty
real shit i got class that day i need my education
i hate it but i've been sick this week so i'm recovering. i have popcorn &amp; good cough syrup so i'm good. ;)
watching forensic files and the i.d. channel
he violates artistic property regulations
"he violates artistic property regulations." i know, just like most do.
.: "[] does not have a positive affirmative message."
her campaign stinks like a two week old fish and people aren't buying it!
you would be wrong. about 1/3 of purchases are new buyers. young/urban/female fastest growing.
interesting.
japanese excursions jacknewton
yoooo fedex me 2 bento boxes of fish nipples and crab nuts in a dragon roll...
maidan: regime change complete
they only have "conviction"
it's also totally plausible she really didn't think it was a big health issue, given that it's not
. ?s if she told tim or any # of people. guys, she's the boss. she doesn't have to notify anyone to take sick days.
collin is very handsome margarita
he's such a great dachshund; yes handsome2.
end of 1st quarter: eagles 3, vikings 0
halftime: eagles 9, vikings 0
do you use this on dry or damp hair?
when should i use?!
if you actually have to think about that i'm disappointed in you two
i bought tickets like 2 minutes after i posted it so we're chill haha
ed that's a complete and total lie. clinton never made such a ridiculous trumponian statement, you're better than this
i'm referring to barber saying trumps statement was anything other than do as i say not as i do she isn't pro 2amm
fsu fans faces when they found out derwin james wasn't playing and they face lamar jackson on the road at 12pm lol
according to who? no one's worried.
coming up on 10 years since ...'the wire': where are they now? | photo 1 of 35 | via
that is so cool, cc:
very nice! norm sounded great, as well
do u know any christopher cross?
almost every girl i know is so sad over a boy that doesn't treat her right, and low key it feels like we're all in this together lmao
lol this summer i was fuckin w some dude and i knew he was fuckin w this other girl and i would stalk her tweets (obvi)
this is ugly
ya all can beat victor trust me
whatever happened to el chael?
he signed with bellator. could see him fight wandy or even rory macdonald.
"wanna know a secret?"
you eet dick
he went to fordham university for first 2 years. he had friend at wharton who finagled him in.
i toured the place w/one of my kids &amp; noticed all the benefactors names on buildings. no trump, for all he throws the name around
yes at purpose tour her in az.. you?
yes i saw her in philly newark and new york at msg
hard work pays off
they can't take the chiefs away from us
yes it is around the corner. u see new knicks hardwood classic jerseys they wearing?
october 4th the knicks and rockets play each other on espn. yeah they wore something similar to those last season and actually had
hey don't think you snuck your 2 year milestone passed our eagle eyes lady!!! thanks and love ya!
back at ya time flies when you're having fun!!
how to cheat on a test
thats doin hella
jayson (what is happening?!) dropped by with dnr 2.0 cookies while derek edits an upcoming fall 2015 dnr cruise vid...
thanks again for a great time into studio a.
[the periodic table: quantum] *...w.h.o., where &amp; weighting...* {remote access trojan: agent j} -mr. smith (d.n.a.) mib
confession time? here's what i got a curious creator i~open~sourced a-plot a private dic~tator now i call the shot(s)
do people really think screenshots are actual evidence of anything real? like the pixels undergo quantum entanglement or something?
don't they?
yes it is around the corner. u see new knicks hardwood classic jerseys they wearing?
a winning record with those jerseys lol
maidan: regime change complete
the apartment never belongued to him. no title in his name
old and busted: cops are shooting everyone in missouri! new hotness: only missouri cops should have guns!
well they can just shoot themselves, because the 11% of blacks should be heading to the airport.
any of them would be a classic
last year for halloween i was aaron hernandez... orange jump suit with his name and number on the back and pats logo
kinda sorta mad pissed bc i missed paul's concert
3 years later and i'm going to see my small bean next month :,)
lol this summer i was fuckin w some dude and i knew he was fuckin w this other girl and i would stalk her tweets (obvi)
and be like lmao girl i feel you..... he sucks so bad why he do this 2 us....
went out and bought a six pack of not your father's vanilla cream and three king size cookies and cream hersheys bars. not disappointed
you didn't mention the chocolate i want someee
u don't even need an excuse u can do whatever. u. want.
you're so inspirational, thanks for the support
i got asked out twice today, wow. what a confidence booster bc i'm literally so bummy rn
your bummy is prolly flame tho
13000 subscriber vlog q&amp;a video | thank you so much! | i need sleep! via everyone plz sub for him
trust me this guys is funny,he will make you smile xd,check out his channel and page if you want
egyptian readers of my blog rank number two now after usa maybe because they favor
readers of my blog more than 19,000 ytd rank number two now after usa maybe because they favor
maidan: regime change complete
the apartment belongs to a company embroinded in corrption
meantime, i am a fordham graduate... and i am glad he left the school b4 tarnishing my alma mater
i've said many times i doubt that wharton is popping is't buttons of him.
ugh, you're right!
see! she's super heart eyes she def wins
you're coming tonight right?
is that still a thing? nah i can't
i can hehehe
heard you the first time
buddhist, adopted by jesuits, adopted by hitler. the black hole sun
forever the nazi horrors symbol
well berghain it's been fucking real ... until next time
yes yes so proud
nevermind. it was mango.
that i can allow. your home is safe.
and are pissed they can't call people faggots
i don't know they get they can't anymore
uh oh. have you tried using the power of friendship? that works like 3/5 times
you use the full might of the power of friendship in the cut scene leading to the fight! i'm not in any way kidding!
lol great tweet. you are a patriot
thank you. i have tickets for them, the more of them that leaves, the better we can live in love with ourselves.
pure . the times has been to preoccupied with not wanting to look partisan. now it looks like they're (1)
if they didn't want to look partisan they should of just investigated both the same way.
his meaning wasn't clear? joins in idiotland. trump adjusts call for clinton bodyguards to lose their guns
sarcastic, my ass! it's the second time has suggested that someone assassinate her! i find it terrifying!
maidan: regime change complete
corruption involving supreme court judge tied to cia-usa
don't blow up my spot, bro
stangle you are very cat-like and leap all nimbly-bimbly from tree to tree it is known
apple watch series 2 acquired.
did u have the old
oh my, lucky! i wanted to go to new york soo bad!!!
yes but i didn't get to see him perform never say never
, where 3 blocks is too damn far of a travel for me to hook up with you after i've already taken out my contact lenses and exfoliated
, where favorites your tweets but never sees you
take me there for my bday date
when's ya birthday
been there! one night oscar locked himself in the bathroom.
when we opened the door he was just sitting there like a good boy lol
i thought this was for a minute..
lmao bitch that could never in yah life look like me
.: "[] is very tough. he's a natural leader... don't underestimate him in the debates."
yes the debates!
suicidal people are going to kill themselves. japan much higher suicides, no guns.
suicide by gun so effective &amp; unforgiving. if japan had guns, i wonder if rate would be higher.
amen. lville gave up big tds to cuse! fsu offense will be just fine
those who watched the game saw syr shoot themselves in the foot on at least four drives. that was the difference.
maidan: regime change complete
they also claim that lula owed a country ranch. again no title
indifferent/normalizing trump's outrageousness. they're overcorrecting
they got played by coz that's how he nutrilized them
good night then. good gracious. you're one for the ages.
good night to you &amp; your magical word garden. take good care...
i've been driving a little mazda pick up for 7 years. don't think i'll ever get a car
first things first. take that ugly cap off the back. second lift kit. third kc lights. third. big tires. last: $$$$$
hillary's campaign just keeps charging your credit card after your one-time donation.
without an easily available option to cancel, that is.
it was fun but now its time to put the horse back in the barn.
bye pony!!!
my mt hood candle with mt st helens in the background. sweet beeswax candle with lidar scanned accurate shape :)
that's cool!
the magic 8-ball says yes!
would of made it but for the bag cut off
bob newhart is next to me at madeo
literally no idea until i googled him. . .
weird clinton personnel practices are also almost surely why her pneumonia caught her own campaign by surprise. i bet she only told huma.
all that said: if blumenthal did anything, i doubt clinton or her team authorized it. part of what's wrong with him is he is a stupid rogue.
lost in the woods in the heights and idek know how that's possible
did y'all know there was a forest up here
is there a poorer tackling power 5 team than asu?
it is the great sun devil curse, we look so good one week and so bad the other.
maidan: regime change complete
ranch elonged to a friend who invited him on some weekends
lmao you right i'll stick w knee highs
bunny for zzz win
need true blue 3's
u aint bout that life nomore
i completely forgot that they make snake play basketball in escape from la.
i watched it for the first time last week and was howling through that scene.
charlotte started playing ball 3 years ago...what you do against them shouldn't count for stats
right. my mans been a student/employed there since 1999. the belks were not having it with football until they saw pot. revenue.
well i mean, that's also a personal statement, i don't think you guys are his followers
hold up. you don't think mormons are followers of jesus christ
. what's on your new avatar?
both pics mine. one computed with python. the other a photo i took. nice agreement.
hillary picked kaine the fake hispanic so he can lie to hispanics with that bullshit spanish he speaks jorge ramos is jealous
marc you don't stand for god or jesus with the post you just made, nor if u r supporting trump shame on u
who is getting married bubba?
just saw this. one of my seat mates from yankees stadium is getting married. how you doing? did you change jobs?
messy ass pic
but the gag is i've been messy since 1996
maidan: regime change complete
this is a witchunt . will not stick. people will not take it
nah you're gonna pay full price so it looks good on my name
ooo sorrry gtg i'm a broke bitch
just shattered my entire fucking phone screen literally ready to kill myself
looking at my screen is literally making me want to throw it against the wall
tears will be shed tomorrow when our defensive speed hits that's field. dont worry.
i haven't even once worried. more like sick and tired of these parrots.
but, this, .
the novel, "shoeless joe," was done a disservice by the treacly, maudlin film adaptation
maidan: regime change complete
the former speaker of the house is at center
is there a shady reason snapchat doesnt show up here even tho its like my most used app? i want quick access to it
weather is smart. never used the built/in music though. how is it?
i think my neighbors are potheads lol
i think everyone's neighbor in oakland is a pothead tbh
i flew with her a lot. i loved her. this is very sad.
such sad news. rip sierra.
check out la hallucinations, favourite colour and fever
heard a bit of each and nahhhh think the beatles got better joints than that fam
one week until off the wall at ! don't mind me while i post this again. and probably again later.
hole-eeeeee fuck the mendl's piece.
i love how dinosaur bbq is so close to my house
i love how the family meal cost 70 dollars and it's enough food for just me.
the unbreakable bubble
i hope this could happen again even just in movies... the fans will go crazy!
oh i wanted to tell you that robert stack from unsolved mysteries was an acquaintance of jayne mansfield
wow had no clue about that. that is very fascinating to hear. i know stack was a great actor during the 50's and 60's. i think
tears will be shed tomorrow when our defensive speed hits that's field. dont worry.
no one discussing how the teams matchup, just parroting the networks who have to hype it as player x against team y for ratings
use my own voice? meaning...?
you're right. that was a poor choice of words. i don't know you. i apologize. but you are a blatherer. and not especially courageous.
they're great, you seen this joint?
yes i like it more than drake's honestly
many, including and , may call that the "immaculate deception."
geez, that's pretty good.
my hunger or the ring ???
of course the hunger comes first
so everyone is in greenpoint hanging out with bill murray, eh?
um, well not me &amp; now i'm bummed that i'm not
which one are your favorite?
among the ones i own, the audio technica ath-m50 are great. i don't use headphones much though these days.
oh i wanted to tell you that robert stack from unsolved mysteries was an acquaintance of jayne mansfield
he was on that show called the untouchables,
.: "[trump's] health concerns are nowhere near 's alarming medical history."
not worried about trump
last day and . so grateful to have built with the teams! thank you!
what's next?
doing all 3 while working is hard, but not impossible. just have to remember to create our own lives, not just facilitate others'.
most people are only paid for the latter. we're the lucky few.
collin is very handsome margarita
thank you craigo
didn't ty invite you?
he invited marissa and she bein a liddol betch
tears will be shed tomorrow when our defensive speed hits that's field. dont worry.
but i don't hardly see anyone actually talking about x's and o's. he ain't outrunning anyone on this defense.
thanks! apologies to your daughter--when they pitched around papi i yelled "ok mookie, make them pay, baby!!"
lol i will not tell her you called him baby
-- they've been playing right-handed starting pitchers. he'll play when they face a lefty
ah, ok. makes sense. feels like it's been forever! thanks for the quick reply! appreciated.
join in tomorrow saturday, sept 17. details- youin?
you have a unique opportunity to advance your agenda and be a true american hero by throwing in for hillary
it really isn't tho lol i look cray
you got a hollister hoodie, pink sweats and uggs on huh?
wtf did i just watch
it's so funny
are you flying the afghan flag ? if yes you're combat traitor not a combat vet. vieja estpida!
wake up marc
that trend is known as "gun culture 2.0." it's why gun control is a losing issue for you.
it seems intractable, but that doesn't make it good. it's very worrying.
leaked emails show colin powell was worried about hillary's health over a year ago | zero hedge
what, i am shocked? see with your eyes what is not said.
are you using marvel unlimited? great app to cheaply catch up on old stories.
no but i should be. honestly couldn't figure it out and have just been using comixology but i should give it another go
ill charge your phone.
you did not
tears will be shed tomorrow when our defensive speed hits that's field. dont worry.
and their defense is a fucking sieve. syracuse had self-inflicted wounds on several drives, or else it's a one-score game late.
alternate caption: "come dine with us, alejandro...forever...and ever...and ever..."
is this my dinner party invite? because it feels like it.
but i'll bet they throw boulders about as far!
you could throw him out, but you needed an improvised cannon for an arm.
well there's no shame in gettin' started early....although "not too bright, and not too early" is sorta my personal motto.
i always say "bright and too damned early!" of course, i'm not a morning person.
i like to go w/ the 1's we wore in jvg era
those jerseys were so big yet cool at the same time. i liked those too.
well i mean, that's also a personal statement, i don't think you guys are his followers
the church of jesus christ of latter day saints
come on, now. this is insanity.
read about that this week. says just how sad we are as a people.
if you can, please contact the owners of the registry to confirm they've enabled third-party address sharing. ^vv
they have it enabled
if you were given a plane ticket right now, to go anywhere you wanted to go and were only given 30 minutes to get ready: where would you go?
london,baby
good shit, heard u we're eatin today baby
whole team was eatin
yup. but he's telling them to vote clinton, as far as i can tell,which is why they're calling him "sell out"
"worst politician ever" is one heckuva case he's making.
ed, don't try to become a trumpslainer, nobody can tell what he means! ok, back to work, have fun guys!
said it b4 not trump fan and to me facts matter
well at least you saw him at msg! i've always wanted to see him at msg i was gonna go but didn't end up with enough money :(
awww and yeah i know but i'm planning seeing both times at msg when he comes back here
full moon!! and my uber adventures !! @ la brea ave-hollywood ca
have a great night! avoid wolf-like men tonight.
i'm pretty sure this song is the one song covered the most by metal bands :) good choice
thanks i always loved this version done by hsas
franco harris, lettermen gather to celebrate joe paterno -
my goodness, franco harris is in more denial than the paterno family. sad, just sad.
yeah i'm nearing the end of ot roghtnnow and i have so many emotions in my chest weighing mw down
the art is so pretty and i'm fucking trash the love and ost and everything. fucked me up
well i mean, that's also a personal statement, i don't think you guys are his followers
literally underneath the book of morning it clearly states "another testament of jesus christ"
bullshit!!!! his point is she wants to disarm us and not her own stop reporting bullshit
people who write in all caps tend to be on the lunatic fringe...
what am i bitter about? it's bitter to ask someone to stop being hateful and annoying? you're seriously pathetic.
phi phi's history she wonders why most of the other queens don't like her
please actually read my tweets and what they're about before trying to jump in my mentions talking crazy
ur asking for too much
happening now: league of women voters of fremont, newark, union city hosting fremont city council candidates forum
same questions will be asked to all 7 candidates. one minute to respond to begin. using tonight!
we really do appreciate it! y'all have lifetime invitations to our backyard barbeques and fish fries!
i am so taking you up on that!
firearms accidents have been declining every year since 1903. really began dropping 20 yrs ago.
agreed that crime is down. what's with the mass killings?
'deplorable' has become the trump campaign's new battle cry as trump supporters wear the epithet as a badge of honor
you know,trump's supporters are all crazy.let them do it. they must proved,that their master&amp;his followers r stupid
not sure what your talking about i have sent only one link to over 200 years of case law.
well maybe i should look at it again. what is it and what am i supposed to learn from it?
i am unable to hold my 7 plus above my face while in bed
is this the first big one you've had?
how soon it's too soon to unfollow a twitter account of some one who died?
i'm outta there before the body is cold tbh.
i should have worn pants
that look works for you, though!
as much as it pains me that ortiz is retiring, i am so truly thankful that i won't ever have to remember him sucking at the end.
that is so true. let us all keep this in our mind when we get sad about him retiring
happy birthday! i slaved over your cake for hours.
omg is that real
-- yeah, he'll start in the blue jays series vs. ja happ.
he's a monster when he's in... need him in al fantasy team!
*still* astonished some people still haven't seen the curated collections of him saying there would be interaction
i've seen one of those vids. please see &amp;
great 2b back tonight on ! and just as race is tied- its like america's watching dr strangelove and half are rooting for the bomb!
how can you call this a great nation when our min wage isn't even in the teens ... a living wage or protected as a ?
i don't think blacks need to be in love with clinton in order to vote for her. we know what life will be like with trump as potus.
she is doing her best. she is listening to blm, plans 4 crim. justice reform &amp; child care &amp; hlth care
.: "the border is wide open and we don't know who's coming across."
who came up with 12 million number that keeps changing?
then you lw dry-snitchin and we gone have to fade .
chill before i get on you girl
congrats sam!!
thanks dillon!
for folks applying to the 3d modeler gig, here's what our steambirds mmo is looking like. (jobs.com)
is that a shoot-em-up mmo?! you just mashed my 2 fav game types together.
the entire county knew i was in an accident before i could even call the police. y'all need to chill.
i even knew and i don't live there
nagano's signature dish! soba!! what a huge portion~!
excuse me while i drool...
they fuckin played lord of the game and i wanted to pull a henry and jump off the balcony
i have period cramps and someone in the pit kicked me in the stomach
we couldn't find a trophy which properly represents the efforts of , but this one will have to suffice
this is amazing
i'm gonna try!!
did you hear that new tour dates are being released in october
i am obsessed with the work of mies van der rohe. if i ever get to build an office tower, i want it to be a mies knockoff. no lies.
my trulia alert for lafayette park is my only aspirational bad habit:
getting final jeopardy right when all three contestants got it wrong allows me to feel a satisfying but fleeting sense of adequacy
what's the clue, tony?
what am i bitter about? it's bitter to ask someone to stop being hateful and annoying? you're seriously pathetic.
and i don't know you summers eve but you blindly supporting phi phi and knowing she's nasty is just crazy.
at of notes until the 1960s, brasil received food aid. brasil has advanced due to science-based ag.
spending on agricultural r&amp;d shifting: developing countries do more than rich countries, but poorest falling behind
it's sad that you block people. unless they threaten me or my family, i would never be such a coward like you.
oh,no, not another truther.
a xenophobic hate factory... time to take out the trash....
not like 2008 clinton campaign which bragged "hard working" whites supported her, not obama
on national guac day too!
how did i not know that was a thing?!
"i don't get why people hate living in nyc, i love it!" yes because you don't have a job and your parents pay your rent lol
im quite privileged but i at least understand why people would hate living in a city with horrifying inflation
same questions will be asked to all 7 candidates. one minute to respond to begin. using tonight!
first question to candidates: how would you go about reducing traffic congestion in the city?
clear proof that buses are an insidious tool of gentrification!
okay but...
great 2b back tonight on ! and just as race is tied- its like america's watching dr strangelove and half are rooting for the bomb!
the world you and live in is very convoluted and dumb just when it comes to , and civility.
i agree it's a great city and i love your work but it's not london which is the greatest city in the world
thanks for your kind words. i feel you, as i grew up in london (kensington) - but it just lacks the fire of
oh you have a room mate that wants to socialize? cant relate
still tru, i always suggest he gets food with my friends and i but he just eats at costco/dominos..
are you frakking kidding? i thought for sure they were going to convert
they still may, the only way to fix this ending is to go back in time. either that or go for a whole new cast
it's the future.
tbh, it's a little buggy on android
he is. and ramsey's hot too
i'm not surprised since he's old enough to be your father
it's been in my queue for quite awhile but i haven't had the time to invest. i know you're a fellow bloodline lover also
sopranos &gt; bloodline. you have to commit though.
damn looks good on cnn why isn't he on more
he's a site for sore eyes after having to see corey
its on niggaz aint scared, wasshannin!!
what side of the world you in right now?
by 2030, we need to end preventable deaths of newborns and children under 5. i support
you tryin for those global citizen tickets?
maybe there's a divergent timeline where i become an a's fan just to piss dad off but stay an a's fan
imagen alison watch moneyball today
worrying to criminals, people with a control fetish. liberating to the rest of us.
i think characterizing concerned people as "control fetish" is unfair. media cd be blowing out of proportion.
sunday, what about you?
laaame. i'm going saturday night. ya girl can't turn up on a sunday i got work lol
how many other parties have a literal doll djing
what has the world come to
blaztful, tj, &amp; baldy just lost to idek who in the prime. its starting to look like another random team is going to get a fluke win.
they lost to a key boarder
i think halo: smoke and fire is the one i'll be looking forward to most :d
brrt? you just got my attention
stadium that she pays for
well what she supposed to do? rent it for free?
because donald fought vd while my husband fought vc. he didnt hope for a purple heart~but he earned it
thank your husband
named canonical kills by grievous: padawan nahdar vebb mother talzin ... and captain tarpals, may he rest in peace. any more?
old dhaka on darhomir to stop the army of the dead
maybe it should surprise me more than at&amp;t didn't charge?
look out for a fee on your next bill
imho they don't love animals at all
. in my experience it's about what they don't want to see, not what's best for the horse.
can understand why margarita! he's gorgeous
awwe! monnie, muchas gracias! muah!
... a group of trolls, modernized and mutated by the eugenics branch of the vertically-integrated clamp mega corporation. (54/173)
me reading yr tweets ... (173/173)
what is "jfk?!
the airport in new york city
isn't that for south america tho?
no it's for asia south america and probably north america he's touring till the end 2017
it's true i'm an elitist neocon statist
fun fact: sjw stands for "statists just "
hahahaha u shoulda seen my face when i read this
i'm really trynna figure out who this is
not to the extent that you guys say but he aint a bad rapper
not to the extent ...
: you and should visit me on friday me: i'm going to atlanta on thursday julia: i said friday me: ?!?!?!
guys come to pure i have a sales quota that i have to meet tonight
how many ants do you need to see before it qualifies as an infestation because i think i've seen... 25? so far today
i dusted a bunch of stuff and put... water on it? idk if this will help at all
i couldn't get tickets for fan fest and now it's not letting me get tickets for open house
me at home on october 1st
i'm not sure how much more mr robot i can take.
this week's was easily the worst episode yet (in a season i've really liked). next week make or break.
i see alexis as torn, as she should b, imo she loves him but all the crap happened too,it needs an explanation, which i'll wait 4
i agree nicki, she's obviously torn.i want paul to b the one responsible 4 their troubles.
look at you jetsetting between amsterdam and nyc! making us all jealous
only sometimes!! i feel very lucky :)
@ whomever was playing make a man out of you in the village.. y'all lit.
yallllll lmao keep it up tho.
it was fun yesterday being there
you got some great tv time!
sorry your car got stolen, glad there was no damage.
luckily it wasn't my baby and just an older second car i have and will be selling.
i ate too many snacks and a rib eye.
honestly the best thing about adult is eating steak in your undies watching the night of not giving a fuck
oh and the reference to your sock puppet i get it. it's a phatic symbol you have a sock i have a gun. your funny
i'm not sure if you're being serious. your account is 24 hours old and has no photo
what happen to him?
badly injured working out lost sight in 1 eye
so everyone is in greenpoint hanging out with bill murray, eh?
it's river styx, isn't it? /cc
worrying to criminals, people with a control fetish. liberating to the rest of us.
i don't want guns banned or mass-seized, but it seems we have much worse problem than other countries.
wasn't your bike messed with a short time ago as well?
yuuup. it's in the shop.
guess who's having another nyc meet up next thursday?!
when and where???
we're so thrilled for you! can we help with planning? check out our free sample kit.
ayyye that's cool, i'm down for any suggestions
also, did any of you tweeps catch on netflix? original scifi popped up today.
oooh, i haven't but i'll definitely put it on the list.
ha my first review called out display brightness, series 2 speaks to me also can't wait to start swim tracking (and speed)
i adore mine and can't wait to upgrade but this isn't it :-(
i would love her review on sully - thanks!
please hold
you call that an excuse tim
thank you, mommie dearest. grin
i dusted a bunch of stuff and put... water on it? idk if this will help at all
suspect the construction on my building had something to do w this, but i haven't found any new points of ingress to my apt yet
the name "trump" will go down in history as one of the best known us scammers
yes he will. a dubious distinction!
results: adrian def colin wright via submission (armbar) - r3.
sick shot
seeing the lois weber program at 9:15.
these were awesome
he has fallen in love with that stupid word
i'm sorry, it's what it is called. there aren't enough characters to describe it in detail.
sam spear scored the first two goals for peru, which defeated saranac lake 7-3 in girls' soccer.
proud of you
the best marketing strategy: care
care is in my top favorite 3 words of all time.
y'all gma be cooking big ass meals for y'all? lmao can't relate
lmaoooo dont disrespect nana like that
this guy is nuts, we would be the laughing stock of the world if he got elected!
-in the past, whenever, trump says he heard from an "extremely credible source", it's always turned out to have been himself.
my girl used to tell me i care about my niggas too much.
just like with everything else... she's always been right.
great viewing in the city govinda so go check it out!
im going up to grace catherdral
first question to candidates: how would you go about reducing traffic congestion in the city?
. says perhaps the city could work in conjunction with technologies such as . says he feels the pain of traffic, too.
on the bright side next week its going down i hope you guys are ready!
yes im excited
any don't even try to pull the mass shooting tracker crap. that was created by a propagandist
again, easy there. i don't even know what that is.
god save that poor child.
jasper - explain to me what's wrong with this photo. i see a baby in a cute little outfit with his 2 dads.
i thought about you when i found that out
you know what i like haha thank you :)))
if i accused somethig that turned out false,even unintentionally,i apologize. do you? does ?
so you teach your congregation to ignore offenses to others &amp; to call the aggrieved as whiners? nice
peace brother. by all means, vote for hillary. sad for you that you are so filled with hate
you r uneducated,that's why, you have been brain washed by you master ( trump )
. not that, has disrupted the moon cakes by having you choose flavor via app before biting in.
how did you know?!?
happy belated birthday, rich!
thank you!!
divisions in democratic ranks. via
they are a asket of dispekable racist fascist imbeciles and trump will never e potus
really wanna cut my hair like this
k i finally cut them, lol most likely will hide them though since i a always curl my hair
any don't even try to pull the mass shooting tracker crap. that was created by a propagandist
i'm listening. being civil.
lol wow the 1970s claims were easily debunked!
i'd love it if you had guts to direct your passion toward something good.
hundreds of thousands of yemeni children are suffering from severe malnutrition:
don't talk about it-feed them. is cbs too poor to feed a child?
this is too cute! them
thai people are some of the most wonderful in the world. such graciousness and respect. kop kun kaaa.
just booked my flight for , my 17th year attending. already looking forward to the afl, the fire pit and great friends.
you left out your annual poker donation
we will be there soon! ^ck
thanks. it turned out to be true. cheers.
high school kids look so stupid with their face paints and tutus, but
um wow judging much anthony pfftt
question of the day: who do you think won the week? trump or clinton?
love your show. keep up the good work.
divisions in democratic ranks. via
no blacks for birthers. no latinos for wall. no female for closing pp. now go to hell
he's killin me over here
he gotta be getting shit custom made
girl at sprint looks at my phone and she see's a photo of kay &amp; i as my background and was like "is that your girlfriend she hella bad"
cause your girlfriend is hella bad
or else what? you aint gone do shit!
i was gone pull up
why did this make me laugh so hard, saw a pic of a dude with t-shirt that said "matters lives polish". so politically incorrect...ja
twitter won't let me tweet out a pic of an album cover from the 70s. richard and willy's classic funky honkey, nasty n-word.
trump is a such narcissistic monster.
he's a sociopath. who sends out vile messages to an elderly man who is badly hurt? it's just sick! you're right!
i'd be curious to find out. just hold on a second.
hahaha... my man!!! live it!!! but also remember to extend the finger
god save that poor child.
jasper - please explain what about that photo which upsets you. do u know the implications from og tweeter?
i'm here for a good time not a long time
this perfect tweet
gooey by glass animals
i shall search it up rn
the only mutuals that indirect me are janet and kay fuck the rest of y'all icnjf
check your indirects again
. says perhaps the city could work in conjunction with technologies such as . says he feels the pain of traffic, too.
. says the issue is jobs/housing imbalance in the city. focused a lot on residential dev, not job creation locally.
where's all my ny followers?? anyone as upset as me about the second loss in a row?
no because i had zero expectations based on how the season has gone.
oh my goodness, this precious puppy face! i am smitten.
she's super cute
he did but they sat in my section
what time did the show end?
this is a serious desire. where will you get them?
well maybe over at your place- if you're offering. nudge nudge wink wink
also (trending) trump in miami ..while . 's in bed. zzzz
actually i think hrc's at bills birthday bash fundraiser.
k i finally cut them, lol most likely will hide them though since i a always curl my hair
i tried to have hella more longer hairs on the side like selena gomez pic but it did not look good on me
actually this photo shows a bunch of us screaming at trump to answer questions today. i'm at center w/ hand cupped
gee, david. you go after cankles with that kind of journalistic fervor? i didn't think so.
i will not even act like that's not a fact. i'm sure it was better than ole hill's
for fact it was better lmao
well, go look at the summary that was posted, and you'll know why i'm excited :)
can i be excited for the what remains or nah?
sixers wearing jerseys from 66-67 championship season. won't shock me blazers follow suit to honor 76-77 title team
that was the blazers first and only title i believe. they had a really good team
you of all people should know!
i'm so ashamed.
well, go look at the summary that was posted, and you'll know why i'm excited :)
cause i want to read it like now
bose products are designed to fail right after warranty profit from planned obsolescence
kinda feel that way after i had 5 products between my gf and i that did. but they replaced them oow, at least.
god save that poor child.
jasper -as an outside observer the meme is saying gay marriage/parenting is wrong. by rting ur implying same
kidnap scene on wow n namik saying "hair has to be on point bro even whn yu ar kidnapped"
this is such a cute video thanks for sharing ronit
the college republicans and college democrats presidents walk into an in n' out...
make sure you pay for his meal
iblove short hair so much
you look so good! not to mention your outfit is lovely!
in the past 3 weeks we've flown and . can confirm is the worst.
try delta and then we can talk
i wish the babadook was called the babaganoush and starred said eggplant spread
you've been sleeping an hour each night and it shows... please go to bed
well, go look at the summary that was posted, and you'll know why i'm excited :)
also shadow of intent cause reasons. -shifty eye-
we have those shows in common
and we love sports even though we support different teams.
i just picked the soundtrack for the first class meeting of yep i have music for arrivals
i did that too until so many cs students complained about the "noise." sad..... :(
though matt moore made a needless throwing error giants outplaying cards so far..walks errors for cards..clutch hits, good abs &amp; def for sf
we can hit!!!
omg patrick i love you
you guys were fab! excited to cheer you on in person at nationals!
i'm the kind of person who feels like he can't see blair witch because i never watched the second one.
you've never watched book of shadows?! do you want to get blocked or unfollowed? your choice
i want the pillooooooowwwww
haha you and . how about whoever gets to me first can have it! im at the pickwick. and go!
kudos for airing un-cut. with every episode streaming ad-free, what fan wants to watch edited syndication versions?
i must admit it was fun to watch and see the glorious looks on the women that i didn't really pay attn to ages ago
like the stay-behind paramilitary gangs of "gladio" every covert action leaves "in place defectors" lurking in quiet places ...
former speaker was impeached last week and this going after lula is to distract
i also have started hating jio, can not bear face of duffer, dumb, retarded, cunning, treacherous srk!
absolutely correct. that shame less paaki khan jai hind
sharing activity is my new favorite thing about ios 10/watchos 3. i hope apple continues to evolve the social aspects of fitness!
i live to troll workouts now.
keep his injury prone arm then
keep your aging pitcher and bum side pieces
is it me or does 's dog always looks terrified and like a prisoner?
lol i was thinking the same but so cute
nobody loves you baby the way i do it's been so long
maybe we're fiiiirreeeproooff
well i still have his biz card. so it's his word against mine.
seriously, why did you wait so long? ... or have you been ignored in the past.
is one for me
not after that rude text today!
if i accused somethig that turned out false,even unintentionally,i apologize. do you? does ?
not only do i apologize,i try to make amends. has ever apologized or made amends for anything?
ok twitter and snapchat. tell me!
it's a capacitive surface - it's weird af
ughh it sucks tommy!!
i know it does. but at the same time we should be grateful to even be in contention right now. this team isn't built to win yet.
oh, but don't put any spoilers on twitter, if you please.
locke'd and bucked away sir
you should meet this guy. he works for stuff and lives downstairs from you.
rowan doesn't work for stuff
omfg lol - i just expected white dude to be called jeff.
lol sagar i meant to sent this to you earlier - story of my life ish
keep his injury prone arm then
also all mets pitchers are injury prone lols
very much old list chill
luv you girl saw sanaya segment you rock can't wait for namik segment
my dog farted so loudly in elevator &amp; every1 turned &amp; stared at me like i did it incl my dog this is my husbands training at work i kno it
you blame it on building management and their inability to grease that which squeaks.
no i stole it from the cake wrecks website which is an excellent place to waste time and giggle
i have a friend who used to show up regularly on their "but these are actually awesome" column.
miami? cold? does that even exist?
straight up i'll never forget the two weeks it was 37-40 degrees like four years back
for the love of all that's holy, journalists, when trump finally says obama is an american, don't praise him for pivoting and moderating.
he pivots so much it's more of a pirouette... eeewww
hey good recommendation on straits good eats for the broadcast team!
if you need more restaurant recs, let me know! sj is my city
"i'm sick of not having the courage to be an absolute nobody. i'm sick of myself &amp; everybody else that wants to make some kind of a splash."
i tweeted this like 2 days ago u fake
be creative
i'll try to dumb it down even further
. says the issue is jobs/housing imbalance in the city. focused a lot on residential dev, not job creation locally.
cullen tiernan says smart apps can be utilized by city as well.
this made my whole life. my beautiful niece is the sweetest thing in the world. thanks...
awww you have the sweetest niece ever
fucks wit it?
yeah man. the topics were great material
really that good? i haven't seen any of season two yet
don't know if i'd call it good but i'd call it shocking! but it is a great show :-)
fun night with &amp; more on warriors
please come every night you're bringing good luck
you haven't seen me in so long!! lmao, i dress so basic now
well when i did see you or the lil bit of pictures you posted lol nothin wrong with basic sometimes. im basic lmao
you should just come with me
considering it
blumenthal didn't work for the campaign at the time
and he didn't work for hillary during the years he was a "consultant" got the foundation. see how that works?
at trump oh that i'm making popcorn
no blacks for birther no latinos for wall. no females to cose pp
the bushes are helping the clintons today. kasich is rallying for obama. i'm glad everyone's cards on are the table.
we will remember their names. they will have no future in politics. kasich show his colors.
final: rangers 7, athletics 6.
maybe they should trade for casilla.
saw a ton of horror trailers tonight, but only 2 of them for movies being released next month in time for halloween.
did you see how many horror films are getting released in january? i wonder which ones will get bumped back
i'm buying my wheel tomorrow! what's your xbox tag?
what wheel?
only with vibrant colors
lmao tight and bright baby tight and bright
4. the film broke my heart, of course. my great grandfather's name was mikael, like oscar isaac's character in the film.
i bawled my eyes out at the trailer i can't even imagine seeing the film
i know, but people today want to panic or complain. i can't imagine needing all that to vote against trump.
i agree, its amazing how many people are for him, i guess it is a sign of how bad our educational system is
if i wanted to get sad watching a little guy with a bad mustache pitch, i would've pulled up highlights from the last four seasons.
just tuning in... sorry, who is this fetus on the mound again?
you're out of your mind. how does a raging ego, bigoted beliefs, and a lack of respect for others make him a strong leader?
sorry, i just don't c him that way. feel he will, as other presz have, reach a balance that works 4 every1 more so than hrc
unfortunately i'm at that uncomfortable point where i expect madsen to blow the save unless they are up 3, just like fuentes
yaaaaaaa....plus texas is one of those parks it's never over till out 27!
you're one rude tweet away from being unfollowed and blocked little lady
whoa whoa whoa i sense some hostility happening and i don't like it one bit
false doctrine but it's in the bible okay whatever
it says in the bible that mormons aren't followers of jesus christ in the bible
what is y'all definition of " entertaining hoes " ?
texting, talking, smiling, looking, breathing next to them, and blinking
can't argue w/seahawks pick. didn't see it but rams sounded horrendous. i can easily see you going 4-0 or 1-3.nfl
haha... so true!
the 'uzuri' sample flip on isaiah rashad's "bday" is so tight. the isaiah rashad record is so tight, also. in case you've been asleep.
i don't think there's a skip on this record for me. cool with every track.
those "other countries" murdered 262 million of their own citizens in 20th century in democides after disarming them first.
germany, ussr, vichy france, italy...who else? then again, things have been pretty quiet since 1945....
i've been in america almost a week and i still haven't had a mcdonald's. i'm not happy about it.
where are you!?
this is donald trump's plan for replacing obamacare.
one diagnosis trump forgot to share with dr. oz &amp; the american people is "diarrhea of the mouth"
good morning kids....kept like a baby...5hrs straight....what exercising will do for u
i found a website to watch cnn online. haven't found one to watch dstv yet
i'm jealous. i can only imagine how good it would be.
a curious mix of the commodity character and a rebellion against that very character
the actually awesome cakes are incredible.
here is her succulent box
it is my friend put me on to this poppyseed dressing &amp; it's great lol and the chicken is spicy!
i have olive garden dressing in my apt i can't fuck with anything else lol
awesome well am listening to your simple love ep right now, here in oxford, england. how music travels
awesome!!! i played 3 songs from it on the show today so you'll get to see some live vids of them :)
had to do a double take on this scene! looked like was wearing nothing but a bra! lmao
i always wonder does she ever have a bad hair day or puts on sweats i would pay to see that she slays
aggrieved? the congressional black caucus? what are they, a society of victims? stop whining!
where did i mention cbc? i was talking about obama,target of 's lies. read carefully &amp; think
sports is always a priority
lol definitely. what kind of music do you usually turn up to lol?
. trump is normalizing lying &amp;fear to divide the country, he's normalizing use of racism &amp;bigotry, and we cannot stand for it!
no and his supporters now think its ok to just pretend their is no racism sexism etc.
damn i wish i saw this 20 minutes ago
just started going till 2/3
ryan madson is so awesome. i wish he would be the a's closer for ever and ever.
it's like billy koch all over again
dead ass just sittin here thinkin i was gone pay a nigga to spin my shit im not changed my mind fuck dem niggas
most def bra start networking doe going ot i know u got some connects in nyc
oh demo and testing i get. just unboxing and being excited, nope.
i'd probably watch just the unboxing too.
niggas still wear leather jackets ?
i'm rocking one right now
here is her succulent box
and an armadillo
all 5 of those runs unearned
they still count. and what else is new. this team is not good not even close to being good.
keep sending you pitcher to the dl and flopping w/ your playoff performances.
at least we will be in a wild card game
made a "yak shaving" ref after a day spent chasing deps to a younger and confused engineer. what are they teaching in school these days?
maybe it's the difference - they've learnt it in schools, we didn't. :)
that's too many horses for you
first muscle car ive driven, im in love
what episode are u on now???
didnt watch the last! but caught up
shit mad sad lmao
racing to b attached to someone + forcing relationships. wasting the beauty of themselves trying to b good enough for others
damn , i have to hand it to him had s good response to idubbbz 1 - leafy 1
no it was fucking awful
what more is there to say?
just saying, please don't assume my mind is closed.
mere weeks away from potential white nationalist president and here's the scene at nbc
the kicker is that he's not even a white nationalist. he's just playing along with the white nationalist base.
is hillary clinton out of ammo to use against donald trump? |
yes! she &amp; party grasping at straws
i enjoy getting ratchet and listening to trap music just as much as i like vibing out to smooth jazz.
i am a two for one kinda gal.
hey also so... if you're a white latino (like me) you obviously can identify as latino but... don't call yourself a poc?
culture doesn't change your skin color?
and an armadillo
and the tardis she made me for my birthday three years ago
...and when they are needed they become the operatives behind the next subversion.
yes. mst of them are left overs from last coup detat. one was involved in setting up allende and married his stepdaugther
well he certainly has not voiced any objection to the assaults taking place at his rallies. not a good sign of things coming.
i have not seen assaults crept a few in comparison to those who have been assaulted for being trump supporters.
huh, just insta-blocked me for that. weird! fortunately i've never heard of eric grant until that clueless tweet hit my feed.
you're not blocked.
a revolution in television
thank you neema..learning so much from minidocs
oh, but don't put any spoilers on twitter, if you please.
rossbach world... well my theory on that just got bit more fuel
part vi was a solid film:)
rebecca will make america great again! have a great weekend. god bless america
why not haha? i know he'll probably leave in 2 years but he's my favorite player on my favorite team.
cause that's asking for trouble lol. you're gonna get a lot of shit from non warriors fan. they salty
i have one if u wanna buy it
why ? it looked really nice on you.
second time rolling death saves in less than 10 minutes, so this session of d&amp;d is going swimmingly.
i also have bad luck with rolling d20s, so this is a stressful time. currently at 1 success, 1 fail.
had 2 chances in early 90's to get a 2nd ring. lost both never recovered
lost to detroit and chicago. jordan had his way against them in 92. it was supposed to be jordan v. drexler.
your tweets
what do u mean i always scream via twitter, these are screams of joy allison
never a jets fan, but aways rooted for him.
he was my favorite back in those days... him and fred taylor
if that's what you think my argument for being an atheist is, you're dumber than previously thought.
childish &amp; sadistic are indications he is likely made up. also that if he existed it would be immoral to follow
watching on tcm and just trying to imagine .......
it was glorious
happy 18th birthday you rock.. love ya
love you beautiful
yahoo! a few more "not morning people" and we can take over! i don't claim "bright", just try to be surprising occasionally.
mornings and i have a mutual love/hate relationship. we love to hate each other. lol! ?
...and when they are needed they become the operatives behind the next subversion.
plus a unch of nazis usa dumped in brasil after ww2. in addition south of brasil has heavy usa heritage
listen none of y'all r saying tht i'm not the most spirited at the rallies
yelling random shit instead of participating in the rally is not spirit
i'm at a bar &amp; bill murray is the bartender.
it is his son's bar so that's why, i bet.
two young rationalists swimming in a river encounter an older rationalist going the other way, who says: "morning! how's the rationality?"
okay, this got real too fast.
what happened to the owl emoji that was promised?????
and the avocado and bacon?!
i was really anxious &amp; nervous about going to the thanks for all the love and support
now get busy and make ur mom grandma all the best
cullen tiernan says smart apps can be utilized by city as well.
kathy kimberlin says traffic would be partially solved by creating more housing in fremont, also emphasizes the city's vision zero plan
the fact that i have no friends to hang out with on a friday night is really tragic
i second that
for this week's food truck lunch, we tried the chicken thigh from . our review:
thank you for your honest review.
good thing the giants season started and knicks training camp and preseason is just weeks away and rangers hockey!
&amp; the yankees are still in the hunt for a playoff spot lol...
when i hear about children committing suicide from being bullied it breaks something inside of me. every1 can work together to stop bullying
it's not about stopping bullying dude
if you guys ever play at oregon i can give you good food spots
for sure! oregon actually comes over here to play us next saturday lol
this made my whole life. my beautiful niece is the sweetest thing in the world. thanks...
your bless man
the alternative to burning the flag is burning the governors mansion and then massacring people in the streets.
football players can kneel, right wingers can say "boo hoo! what happened to america?! boo hoo!", and we can all move on.
so much i wanna do every night, but so exhausted all the time by then
i know the feeling
dreams made. this ballpark is amazing. @ at&amp;t ballpark - home of the...
damn! was there opening!
i'm so excited to introduce you to one of our brand new contributors - krysten of ...
thank you!!
cc: mike since you are afraid to get this from ziegler here it is from me. enjoy:
thanks, uh, crooked hillary. since we're trading recipes, here you go:
me when i watch my own snap story
really you tho
bet someone in my network worked on it. i actually i know but the oath keeps me mum... retweet so you know
it is unbelievably great sound design. congrats (and thanks) to your secret contact. :-)
the last hotel room i stayed in had helpful instructions from arianna huffington about how to sleep.
me too! i had assumed it was a calculated insult
retweet if you refuse to watch cnn, the clinton news network.
cnn is done!! trump 2016!!!!
...and when they are needed they become the operatives behind the next subversion.
rasil, the last one to "free" slaves many usa ran and ought farm land south, where many other euro had immigrated
when a customer being mad disrespectful and your manager watching how you handle the situation.
also you lmao
is it november yet!?
can not wait for arenacross
okay ... this one time
looks like the giants gave you a b-day present... enjoy!!
whaaaaaaaaaaa? how could this be? rt : furious media rages at trump: "we got played"
they'll forget all about this the next time hillary sneezes.
lets not forget aide seeking money from dnc to fight at convention. lets out of tx
we will never forget about or ! good times!!
please tell me you're at the place we got kicked out of
absolutely not. i'd rather choke than eat artichoke pizza again
holy shit!!!!
and the wedding cake she made for herself
wondering how many times i'll see this screen this weekend
what is this show?
. tweets about the issue and .
she keeps pushing this cause she is outta ideas! trump won't bite!
here's how it's done, . you're welcome !
oh my god, you're right. i've never called out a politician for lying. thanks so much for your revolutionary advice
yes i about to do another one from *13krstalign* got that fire lmao
that's what i like to hear...burn dem parasites!! 13 pure ra fire!!
ho. ly. shit. that is amazing.
she is crazy talented.
perfect night for a star trek baseball game!!!
it really is have you gone out to see it?
who said you're going to make it? it's not like you haven't collapsed before
um oh yeah?.......shit you right lol
professionally awkward - available for hire: parties, office gatherings, nights out on the town,
omg we should start a troupe
me: i need to lose a little weight. also me: *eats an absurd amount of pasta*
i eat pasta literally every day and don't gain weight
i'd be worried if you weren't to lame to come visit and do anything about it
let me builds up some funds and i'll come be the mediator thank you very much
yes he did. after ric flair interfered just like he did at survivor series. hogan used a rollup after using the ashes.
yeah exactly, what a week though between those two lol. of course then the title became vacated afterward!
football players can kneel, right wingers can say "boo hoo! what happened to america?! boo hoo!", and we can all move on.
free discourse can be fatiguing, but the good part is that loudmouths don't get to throw me in a cell and cut my head off.
the hashtag doesn't translate well into arabic... haha
oh no- what does it mean in arabic?
shout out the thanks for the &amp; support! hope you're enjoying the latest episode.
one of my fav franchises love the accents
...and when they are needed they become the operatives behind the next subversion.
south brasil is heavy european scandinavians. after blacks were "free" moved away because south is cold
ur class didn't even want u to go up they wanted tht other chick
oh yup talk shit in person buddy
i miss you more pumpkin
remember when i chose to sleep in a car with you? i do :( hang w me
meet the repressed!
who cares kasich?!
i have seen this movie, truly a must see
i look forward to seeing it!!!
i never liked the phrase "think tank"
same ... it sounds like a scary dark claustrophobic place
do you support charlie in wanting to kill off black folks (helter skelter)? can you elaborate? i aint mad.
you must be thinking of a different charlie. "butcher white americans for art!"
missing my little gryffindor
((hugs)) i'm so sorry, seth. are you ok?
what if the fire is in between the nozzles though
it'll be the pyrotechnics effects! :) wait.. i can't joke about frolic and fire. honestly that freaks me out!
the number of new businesses in the us is collapsing, and that's awful news for the economy
businesses number 28 million in america, large companies only in the thousands. america needs to boost small businesses.
what the fuck i've heard illmatic like millions of times and its not even close to getting old
it never will
do it! and i are
no way! what dates?
found the perfect soup for you
white bean?
iam the fuccin shooter!
chill shawty
bring your friends make your own party type of night
you are a real party person.
found it
wait....what?
likes on twitter are free. give them to people. make them feel heard.
that last tweet was not a scheme to get likes, i promise. i really feel this way.
here's jill stein's original tweet. she has since rephrased.
christ on a cracker she's an idiot
damn i guess i missed that wave lol
i fall asleep to it every night lmaooo
weird, i definitely was. glad to e-meetcha :-) you got the gist of my interaction though.
i do understand you pov but regardless, that symbol is theirs now.
aggrieved? the congressional black caucus? what are they, a society of victims? stop whining!
indeed,he needs to apologize to all americans,for perpetuating false info for 5 yrs. pathological.
incredibly excited to represent my support for hillaryclinton in an upcoming documentary...
that doc just got 500% more watchable!
i like anyone that cusses a lot. lol.
we cool then...;-)
wow! 199-mile-long over
the bible descries this as god speaking
first i have to look up what chinoiserie is
it's restoration hardware meets steampunk
when your iphone7 is at home but you're in sj :(
u live like 40 minutes away chill
incredible response from the audience! thank you all so much for the tweets &amp; conversation
will there be video?
fact-checking trump's claim clinton started "birther" movement:
you fools really are fools. hillarious cloingon is the original oblabla is an african. she was right. oblabla sucks and always will.
after a hard day of adulting: a dinner of champions.
what is that pink thing in the middle?
brb, starting a tasting pop-up where i dispatch some random uber eats and serve as if i made them. $300 a seat.
i'll call it...gastrbernomic.
rest in peace gay charlie. someday in 2013 - september 16, 2016
i remember picking him out in country max and fully regretting it after i paid for him
i've only been hearing that since 2014
yeah yeah yeah save it for the judge
little cat has needed a lot of petting and soothing in the last 18 hours, which is really unusual for him.
still feeling the newness i guess.
aka the exact moment i stopped listening to views from the 6
now i don't regret not listening to it.
waves of random sadness are the worst go away
should of came with us
you guys i think i need to go shopping for plain black and grey t shirts
more importantly .... why are your t-shirts on hangars!
san francisco seagulls seem much bigger than istanbul ones. (still happy to see them). (but not from too close up!)
i haven't been to turkey but i believe you have mediterranean gulls there &amp; these are the larger california gull. signed, bird nerd.
streaming services like netflix prevent kids from having to watch more than 150 hours of advertisements a year.
read this in a little while back.
belt is safe. giants lead 6-0. one more run this inning and it'll be a galileo seven.
deep space station k-7
well i live here.haha, not so great,hence why i get so worked up.fenway when the yanks play rises my blood pressure to highlevels
yeah and these last two nights you're pressure has certainly rise on twitter haha
just leaving miami for houston, oklahoma and colorado. miami crowd was fantastic!
clinton can't keep up with him!
fact-checking trump's claim clinton started "birther" movement:
u schmucks cam't fact check shit voming put of ur asses.
fascists are govt leftists moron.racists were and have always been democrats
oh sure. in the izzaro world trump is mlk. go fuck yourself
really? why was her closest ally pushing it then?
not adopted by hrc or campaign. and does not excuse 5 years of trump riding it to build movement!
bruhhhhhhhhhh evil as bitch lmfao
she couldn't even do that to a 12 year old though white people crazy
everything he says reads like an unknowing onion article character
"claimed he spent "a lot of time in flint", spent 2 hours there yesterday how do people take him seriously
why do girls have to have the attitude that they are better than others in this beauty community... come onnnnn.
that stinks. i hate when people have bad attitudes. why can't we all just be cool and support one another?
how many guys on blue crew does it take to move a desk? still waiting to find out....
what in the world. lol.
i seriously hate y'all
bro we're sorry chill! calm down!!!! we're sorry!!!!
you're really going there on him?
he's been awful in arlington and houston.
why do headline and tweet call it a housing project when the lede says it's market rate? is that weird or just me?
i guess that's weird. but tbh, the govt doesn't really build new public housing anymore.
aggrieved? the congressional black caucus? what are they, a society of victims? stop whining!
and needs to apologize to gop for misleading gullible followers &amp; embarrassing the party.
this is the former washington bureau chief of mcclatchy saying blumenthal tried to sell him the birther story in 08
love it. track it back to the source!
so why it was published in his very first book ?
this is not his first book, it's some college yearbook or paper and it's wrong.
yeah man and i still to this day watch this piece of yours all the time, beautiful
thank you! some real gems in that project. seems like forever ago. thank you for that reminder
. and i just saw and it was fantastic. just an amazing story that is made so real by the great .
been wanting to see it! glad to hear you liked it.
i was giggling from my bed because the womenz were madd.
cursing me out talmbout "i hate fashionista bitxhes". no. you hate yourself
thank you so much! i just realized that my panel is on ; you know i'll be rocking colors somehow.
it's a must!!!
as far as current blazers have a hard read. part of me says could be win div or fool's gold for beating injured lac team
i felt that they should have gone after dwight but they are a good team. i just expect the wolves to be very good.
yeeees, go on
why is the home world of the elites not under guardian patrol.several populated worlds. earth, reach, genesis
fact-checking trump's claim clinton started "birther" movement:
2008 she questioned obama's "shady background "
my temple city rams are down 68-7 at halftime!!!! vs south hills
now i don't feel so bad we're 37-6 at half. cv vs lc
fair enough... i don't seek it out but almost always hit "record" and/or get sucked in when i come across it...
that's cool. some movie i can't help but watch: good will hunting, pulp fiction, etc. others, not so much.
where's all this? starting to get a bit worried
it's been going on since december i think. scattered throughout twitter
gooey by glass animals
dude the music video
i have looked in the eyes of satan.
not this shit again
i have this all for myself though
omg i want some
leafy just twisted his points!!!!!!!
he didnt address the anti-insult thing. also totally twisted the age thing; hes always saying keem is wrong cuz hes 35
nah they're pretty much the same
on free version they hit you with shuffle play on mobile. can't listen to the whole album
.: "even the democrats want the [] shut down."
shame u don't so some real investigative journalism to see how many kid this helping
&amp; the yankees are still in the hunt for a playoff spot lol...
slim chance but it's still a chance so we will see lol.
easily my no. 1
i still haven't seen it...
as a kid who went to and from streets to rented rooms to shelters w/ my mom, most of san ramon don't known shit about economic struggles
can't buy that $500 dress without sacrificing gas money? can't relate. bought a $39 dress that killed all of yours
i'll call it...gastrbernomic.
just got off the phone with a16z, gastrbernomic raised an oversubscribed $10mm seed time to take this shit global
you stole my best friend from me where she at???
she's a dubbbbbbb, no wonder you left to jersey lol
should be called "how to ruin perfectly good guacamole with one ingredient"
like when had a shitty recipe which called for peas in theirs
.: "even the democrats want the [] shut down."
what about the clinton foundation
yeeees, go on
possible onyxs,meridian. just to name few places that are possible sights she put one.
i just met at his studio and he offered me a beer and string cheese. wtf?
that's what friends are made of. literally beer and string cheese.
appreciate that much respect
next time i'm in la or if you find yourself in ny give me a shout !
oh.my.god. how can anything be anymore nerdy than that. rhetorical q
i spent over 90 seconds on that
maher bemoans lack of political civility: 'when you act like an asshole, you're a hero'
so that makes u a hero bill?
sounds familiar
figured out i aint got it figured out
i bet him $20 i could beat him 32-0 and if he scored once he'd get $20.
who got the 20?
watchu fuccin wit
on my way home, you?
taking shots of balsamic vinegar. a+
take it easy
should be so proud, mocking a badly injured it is
is a &amp; a . is absolutely to serve!
i never do videos on here, so here's a quick one! and yes, i'm still feeling since yesterday
you got that "yasssss bitch" look on your face.
it my birthday!!! i want one!!
look up sweet on cake and get lost in her galleries.
hahah omg doug!! he's a wild man
i'm dyinnnnn. i only know him from him coming into denunzio's and this is just the funniest thing ever so i had to show u
this column is insipid and ignorant. i hope i never write anything this poorly argued in my life.
the next time wants to instruct young black folks how to behave as americans, i hope an editor saves him from himself.
10 life lessons found in the pages of middle-grade fiction by melissa roske via
thanks for the mg love, ! &lt;3
i'm pretty sure it fell under the bleaches
ya it did i watched it
i've had multiple people recognize my name in person bc i like their tweets a lot. some say it like i should be embarrassed, but...
no way! is
final: rangers 7, athletics 6.
is there time to put madson on the same bus with country breakfast. it's where he needs to be
of all the fighters joe rogan has ogled over at a weigh-in, no one has gotten him more visually excited than cheick kongo.
false! jessica eye got him like
q: what class of family did you grow up in?
what if your parents spilt and one side grew up wealthy and the other lower class?
that is a question many have been asking.
and how reed explains it. we'll be getting bb and osman info. does cortana have a beed on them?
science says people who take selfies are happier than people who don't.
not happier just more enamored of themselves
now that trump has spoken, i'd like to answer why she insinuated in an interview that obama might be a muslim.
she cannot say anything. i looked at what michelle said about her last time, then i know its all about deal making for them
new illustrated chapter book : steg-o-normous (oodlethunks, book 2): +
thank you for the terrific review and your support of steg-o-notmous!
seems to me if bluementhal was pushing it to a newspaper it was adopted by the campaign
no evidence of that. by june she conceded and issue dropped. it went nowhere. five years of trump.
is it a harvest moon tonight? it's huge!
it is! saw it was big last night too
hello people who didn't get invited to parties tonight. there's a new emergency elections pod --&gt;
just what i needed
the sometimes go from country to country, recycled warriors for american capitalism.
this guy right now is our imposed foreign minister. everyone knows he works for cia-usa but fear doing anything about it
another view of tonight's from warwick, ri
love the silhouette of the gull in the moon.
finally updating my vsco grid
should be proud of me
clinton's 2008 campaign manager on whether they promoted rumors about pres. obama's heritage: "yeah"
they didn"t
yes! my awesome brother is the one who edited it! he's the one who edits and mixes all my music.
your brother is amazing!! so are you! i could listen to this song a million times!!
debt, trade deals, health care reform, tax code reform, immigration reform, i could go on... take your pick
see the same things you worry about also worry me. i just don't compromise for a racist guy coz it all matters.
underrated sensory experience: emptying a pedegg.
this is extremely friday night twitter
hits new level of deplorable with comment about guarding .
just when you think that he can't go any lower, he proves you wrong. reps will never be rid of trump stench.
and i want to do a show but called - call my people.
, we slobber on about current topics
the sometimes go from country to country, recycled warriors for american capitalism.
3 years ago one of them died in plan crash.
now that trump has spoken, i'd like to answer why she insinuated in an interview that obama might be a muslim.
they have ran out of ideas, mrs obama went to campaign for her today in va but ended up campaigning for obamas 3rd term
i havent seen it ummmm
watch it dude oh my god
that is a question many have been asking.
and we'll get info on why roland didn't heed cortana's call. been keeping this to myself cause i had no proof lol
maybe i should just leave my mechanical keyboards out by the side of the road with a sign by them reading free to good nerd
music keyboards?
when someone in your mom group randomly just says they don't want to be a mom anymore and you're like
so what's that mean
that is a question many have been asking.
until just now.
bellator should go back to that "man, nevermind the heavyweight division" policy.
minakov and volkov were interesting for a minute.
i'm so glad that strangers are making videos of them groping my tits. this is what being in media is all about.
wtf. people are disgusting.
playbox is outdated, it's cinemabox now and soon, please wait
yea, your right but on iosemus it comes up for me as playbox hd.
i always come to my 3:25 lit asab he's so boring but when your lit it's actually interesting
im actually dead
see the same things you worry about also worry me. i just don't compromise for a racist guy coz it all matters.
but i'm tired man, have to fly red eye tonight, tired of having to have a president having to be trashed for 5 yrs about
currently: league of women voters of fremont, newark, union city's hosting of fremont city council candidates forum.
from left: marty froomin, rakesh sharma, raj salwan, laurie manuel, vinnie bacon, cullen tiernan, kathy kimberlin
i thought using the dust buster to suck up all the spiders in my house was brilliant..until i needed to empty it.
the squirt gun emoji makes this a lot less intimidating
my personal fave was "will eliminate food safety regulations" what? why? how is this a political talking point?
who hears that and is like "yeah i like this man's ideas! like, salmonella isnt preventable at all!"
and needs to apologize to gop for misleading gullible followers &amp; embarrassing the party.
if gop loses presidency &amp; congressional seats &amp; scotus,will apologize &amp; admit fault? lol
people literally programming golang in the line. dude has a missing nil check on line 63.
fav tweet of the year. congrats. give up the title belt
complete shore conference friday night scoreboard - news 12 varsity via
brick dragons nice win tonight over jackson
called for secret service agents guarding to disarm to "see what happens to her." a truly evil man.
it will take a decade for the republican party to rid itself of the trump stench.
i posed a question earlier. can nikki fight from underneath in a ppv match post surgery/rehab &amp; pull out a 3 star match w/ carmella?
maybe... but will anyone care? its going to be all nikki trying to get people behind her..
best opening titles ever
love the grindhouse look.
"alexa 1, tell alexa 2 to order bag tags." alexa 2: got it. alexa 3, order ass wags. alexa 3: ok, nicki minaj now playing on amazon prime.
alexa 2: "you tell alexa 1. i'm not talking to that little puck!"
imma school you in a minute about the grace of god and how to accept christ inside yourself xo
that wasn't really the punishment i was looking for but alright go for it reverend
i love when alivia tells me shade about all the youtubers i used to watch i love silently judging them from afar
okay i'm such a nosy bitch and im jealous of your youtuber gossip
bikini results 5 jennifer ronzitti 4 ashley kaltwasser 3 india paulino 2 angelica teixeira 1 courtney king
wow totally shocked! courtney looked amazing!
ask me anything! sfw or nsfw!
what makes you foxy?
that's a bold strategy cotton, let's see if it pays off for em...
lol. i still get a random like and rt on this. this was a glorious day.
if she had pneumonia why did they take her to chelsea's house and not the hospital? wake up !
most cases of pneumonia are treated at home, not in hospital.
it's weird,cuz i can see everything hillary is doing as simply bad politics, i recognize it,it's obvious,she's not that good at it,okay...
what's bad ?
smh i don't care how raw somebody is i can get a bucket.
exactly at least one
. campaign today.
did you know, that trump can't swim at all. isn't sham-full!!
part of me agrees. the other part thinks it's healthy to have these wrong takes aired out so people can learn.
i disagree. there are white readers who swallowed all that rubbish brooks served up as if it were legitimate cultural analysis.
words cannot express how great the songs are.. i am currently listening . bro, you are
thank you thank you!!!
do what exactly? i tweeted a news story.
see twitter feed for the real story regarding 2008 clinton campaign. why do folks peddle lies.
fans, who we rooting for tonight?? the 2 game lead or the tie for the top spot?
either! or!
the nazis, yes,yes. not only brazil. they were behind pinochet too.
and argentina, where they took yung jewish men, tied them up wth heavy rocks and threw them to ocean
no change then
abby's stomach keeps me warm
can't buy that $500 dress without sacrificing gas money? can't relate. bought a $39 dress that killed all of yours
so yes margaret it's a shock that ppl are getting reduced lunches/test waivers but i dont want to hear shit about being lucky for it
but i'm tired man, have to fly red eye tonight, tired of having to have a president having to be trashed for 5 yrs about
his birth place just for the racist dude to slyly admit he was wrong and then run from questions. tired of the racism i
now that trump has spoken, i'd like to answer why she insinuated in an interview that obama might be a muslim.
do u know that at mrs obama's rally today for hillary, the paid audience started shouting "4 more yrs", delusional people
fall quarter starts next week and i only bought one new pair of sweatpants.
cuz you spent all your money on books!
because that's what makeup is all about, being fake and being creative
couldn't have said it better myself
people are starting to see hillary's true colors, more and more! let's go trump!
that guy needs a diet
thibs should turn them around. it would be disappointing if twolves are not 1 of 16 playoff teams
at least he's back in coaching again so we can always mention him like we normally do lol
where all the luke bryan snapchats at?????
all. the shitty people playin rn. i got you
on national prisoners of war remembrance day, a pow shares what it means when trump insults veterans.
after 167 generals, vets, medal of honor recipients indorsed him today. thanks good enough for me
what is a neofriend eli5
neopets friend and we are going to eat ramen
i wish i had a couple cases of bud light cans. friggin cardinals are all i can get..
i'm going g to az from cali
pink friday isn't just picked out of anywhere??
it's friday night stop going through old ass tweets and go outside
i don't mean melty 3 star match, b/c we know if they do he'll 2 1/2 or 1/4 it. but is this possible? majority accepted 3 star match
a 8 min match that i think is solid? certainly possible
you know i can't say anything :p
wait am i getting on to something i'm not suppose to know oh duck well rip sorry grim and reed!
holy shit my eyebrows but awh whittle babies and stephanie
before eyebrows mattered
these are sickening.
where are prominent blacks don't they think this is racism. black caucus is a sham.they don't even expose this racism.
flashing the people of venice beach to ease my mind lol love being w my bbygurl
i love those window bikinis.. omgggsh &lt;33
. again calls for hillary's to lose all guns, adding "let's see what happens to her."
what is it about trump and reveling in violence. his stench is lethal and inevitable.
bartolo colon 43yrs 14-7 3.14 era. i dont know what award deserve but he should have one. truly amazing what he's doing
and with basically one pitch.
these gorgeous girls
so beautiful always happy friday weekend
i am watching a two-part guy fieri in cuba special episode of diners, drive-ins, and dives. ama.
my thoughts and prayers to cuba
my son got his first achievement with his very own gamertag ! soon he will catch
he is one cute kid man, god bless, that's what keeps us running right there. awesome picture
was the cameraman drunk when he shot this?
cinematographer, director, cast, storyboardist, best boy...
ha, no evidence except the newspaper chief for mcclatchy he was pushing it to..
where did it go from there? nowhere. never embraced by hillary or promoted by campaign.
josh mccown said he is the lebron of the nfl
mccown said he's afraid of the ravens
this is probably why chrissy blocked u
cold blooded
you know i can't say anything :p
-slams head into wall- stupid stupid stupid me...
i'd love if you had balls to report facts, not false narratives
i'd love it if you had the empathy to believe adult survivors of sex abuse.
moonrise photos at 7:11, 7:12, 7:13, 7:14. people don't know how fast landscape photography changes.
beautiful man.
i'm not sure but it doesn't sound good....
i mean if their kids are anything like we used to be i guess it's not so questionable
his birth place just for the racist dude to slyly admit he was wrong and then run from questions. tired of the racism i
i see get normalised when it's fucking outrageous in this day and time. the thing is. the future will not stop. it's coming.
liked my tweet. let's hope they start playing u in atlanta!!
this is amazing thank u!!
confession: i hate twitter's "night mode"
it makes me feel like i'm in gotham city. no thanks.
strongly disagree. very minor usage compared to entrenched, widespread use in internet culture at large.
i don't think i'd call it minor when it's widely used to promote someone who has a very good chance of being potus.
i'm just really happy i turned my dining room into an interview spot. guess who's stopping by tomorrow! they were on warped &amp; they're hot.
glad it was waterparks bc if it was sws i would have showed up at your house
and one more thing, hypocrite, why is it okay for him to get away with his statements but not anyone who isn't trump?
not rite 4either of them 2say things that infuriate. r both guilty. i lost trust in hrc n admin. i give djt benefit of doubt.
- thank you, tyt, for providing some actual journalism in a country overtaken by caesar flickermans.
- your political coverage has been a part of our homeschooling for some time now.
my job is to inform people of what's happening, and the truth - what "works" is not up to me
if you are satisfied with that, awesome. this may be a time to go above and beyond what you believe your job calls for
what an honor to join a room full of patriots tonight at the kingwood tea party's rally!
why don't you keep your word and support trump???!!
that's why i posed the question.
they need to do more on tv for nikki that cements her as the hero you want to root for.
the nazis, yes,yes. not only brazil. they were behind pinochet too.
after ww 2 many usa soldiers were sent to brasil to have good time with brasilian hookers. macain after vietnam
the ultimate effect is the same, whether he believes it or not. empowering the worst of the worst
what's worst? being a klansman or pretending to be a klansman to fleece the klan?
shoutout to the person who brought a "don't stop believing" sign to watch a team that's been in playoff position for five straight months.
it's been difficult watching them get no breaks the past two months.
that's an automatic 15 units!!!! bet in jan 1u wonderboy will be champ by the end of the year 25-1. easy 10u hedge on woodley for profit
good for you man! awesome bet. tbh. id ride it out!! wonderboy has this!! ill be there in attendance!
this movie would be better if irwin had produced it.
and jonathan harris stowed away on the bus ...?
i love dancing but i don't think i actually know how to dance
ok but i just tried dancing bachata with a white boy so nevermind i guess i can dance
- your political coverage has been a part of our homeschooling for some time now.
- recently, my 11 year old daughter expressed her enjoyment of ana kasparian's work, so an extra thank you to ms. kasparian!
anyone can begin a journey of a thousand miles, but only those with persistence finish the journey.
it's the most intense ride of my life and my life has never been timid. most worthy of the joy and a little deep pain. :)
i h8 that i don't have your metabolism then.
we can trade bc i need to gain about 40 more pounds
is that your apartment or are you traveling?
traveling
ha, no evidence except the newspaper chief for mcclatchy he was pushing it to..
sidney was desperate &amp; had his head up his ass. they would've been excoriated by other democrats.
shoutout to the person who brought a "don't stop believing" sign to watch a team that's been in playoff position for five straight months.
nice to see buster bloop one on the other team for a change.... for two rbis!
i have 276 matches on tinder and i hate all of them.
when that happens, how do you not throw your phone in the trash?
locker room
game day cleats
after building automated machines and putting people out of work, i stopped designing and building them. robots (0)
the day i watched 9 people yell at me for losing their job in 1984 sticks with me today. after that, i made no more automated .
in dark times like these the world needs more kind-hearted orphans.
mr. peanutbutter ... the hero the orphans deserve.
i agree! that picture was courtesy of the chp. i'll see if we can get a better idea of how big it is.
awesome. in the meantime i'll have to do some research on bulletproof windshields. this is absolutely tragic.
what's your favorite item on the menu at arby's?
waffle fries tbh
chris sale with complete game win. leads league in those. cy young candidate. previous cy finishes: 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th
tanaka has had a better year
like the lies, the scandals, backtracking on statements like i get that. it comes with elections, i've seen it all my life. cool
i don't see it as bad politics.. it's politics in general . her campaign has been pretty standard outside of her email issue
honored to interview elen asatryan from about education
thank you for having me.
from left: marty froomin, rakesh sharma, raj salwan, laurie manuel, vinnie bacon, cullen tiernan, kathy kimberlin
reminder: these seven candidates are vying for two council seats. has served on council before, is an incumbent.
he should have been saying this months ago tbh
it will have more impact now if it was earlier nobody would listen bcause they were all butt hurt about losing
i love how people judge me for choosing to workout on my friday night after work, rather than going out. let me do me bro.
yeah you really are a weirdo for that one though..
he will carry browns to victory
good to see that you aren't panicking and have confidence in them lol
yasss. soon. hopefully. i'm so really behind.
yes, and don't worry about being behind
rangers walk it off again.
a's need a new closer for 2017...
i see get normalised when it's fucking outrageous in this day and time. the thing is. the future will not stop. it's coming.
i know the people who are clinging and holding on to that status quo their time is gone. this is the dying embers of a fight
it's official, trump and clinton will be the only ones on debate stage, per commission
oh well. jill stein would've flown to the wrong city anyways.
meme game a lil stronger this month. i was down before don't get me wrong, but i been working on my fitness trust me
my meme game would flex on yours easy
wow great deal on haunted toilets
this looks like the kind of thing they used on are you afraid of the dark.
more ex-gitmo detainees returning to terror, as obama faces closure complications
oblabla, born in kenya, as head of isis, is adding to the terrorists. jerk hillareous clingon off.
aww thanks!! you're the best my friend!
you are the best, seriously thank u
- recently, my 11 year old daughter expressed her enjoyment of ana kasparian's work, so an extra thank you to ms. kasparian!
- in the same conversation, she noted ms. kasparian is the only woman we've seen on tyt, &amp; she's outnumbered at least 5 to 1.
what's so awful? vs. 7+? i still haven't decided...
mostly the process. the device itself is unremarkable, but not bad.
lol i would never
please send me clarence eps.please.
the trump family...where are ex wives??????
retired into a nursing home by
ugh i love these
you're stunningly gorgeous
ha, no evidence except the newspaper chief for mcclatchy he was pushing it to..
racism is a terrible strategy for winning votes from democrats. gop, on other hand, not so much.
- in the same conversation, she noted ms. kasparian is the only woman we've seen on tyt, &amp; she's outnumbered at least 5 to 1.
- so, when can we expect to see more gender parity on tyt? impressionable young viewers are waiting.
what about the bedroom. it could be like you having a threeso....nvm
why we let y'all niggas on the internet? lol
i'm so happy i by yay hate that i couldn't pre order but on the bright side i can get it anyway!!
all that matters is you got it !
list of ko wins cheick kongo has in the 2010s against guys with wikipedia pages: pat barry
that one fight had about 4 kos in it though
when things didnt work out with bell
wow... you're cheating now?
like the lies, the scandals, backtracking on statements like i get that. it comes with elections, i've seen it all my life. cool
and i'll up you, with saying that donald trump is the example of bad politics lol
the tech industry is not good at being engaged with the community and with politics especially.
not when it's in their clear self-interest. i mean how did google originally get self-driving cars piloted
the problem i'm facing right now is that my wine is all the way downstairs but i'm in my bed all the way upstairs
you came down for me tho :)
kongo might have the most forgettable fights in mma
very fantastic body though!
i just use amazon credits to rent it. happy now?
you give into peer pressure easily
i just got to the part where taki goes to itomori but the comet hit there but thats where mitsuha was i
the ending!!!! will change u
thanks so much for offering! someone is gifting it to me right now. :)
amazing so grateful for my amazing supporters :)
i'm with him (involuntarily)
i subscribe to no flag
use y=mx+b to calculate the slope of how down hill my life is going
wouldn't it be y=-1(mx+b) ?
parents are literally imposing ignorance on innocent children... it's sad.
what if a cop kills the kid. would not that be so terrible?
i will be in nyc next tues-sat, and my goals are clear: pack as much debauchery, mayhem &amp; brunch into four short days as the world eer seen.
four brunches a day, hookers and blow, hamilton and hacking all night into bleary panels about serverless. hit me up if you free.
and you too, todd lol
thanks love!!
reminder: these seven candidates are vying for two council seats. has served on council before, is an incumbent.
rakesh has sat on planning commission previously.
i don't work at hating many things, mornings just aren't peachy after working on my truck or grading. insomnia is my friend.
insomnia's an @$$. he never lets me sleep when i need to. as for mornings--that's probably 1/2 of why i loathe them.
wow great deal on haunted toilets
dang, only 19 left? hope i can get that deal in time.
donald trump spent five years lying about 's citizenship. he can't just take that back.
you r the liar hillary is the real deal. you will not be elected-u just hate
at the pokmon store in tokyo station and go plus is just as sold out here as it is everywhere else.
bad gameplay + device to circumvent said gameplay =
sooo venus went well
why yes it did
ppv is in canada. i don't think she's been there in 3 or 4 yrs. so that crowd will see her for the 1st time wrestle also carmella
canada... hardcore audience.. but mella is flopping...i could see it being dead
i know the people who are clinging and holding on to that status quo their time is gone. this is the dying embers of a fight
these things matter, it's not well i'll compromise on this to get that. can't do that. won't do that. you can and good for you
racism is taught racism is taught racism is taught racism is taught
i think i should change my twitter handle to "jaw-drop". seriously, this made me bang my old hippie head. awful
me: i am coming to you in a moment of truth and vulnerability. : the liiiibrary is open!
allen wants everyone to know he said "people are least puffy at the end of the day" and i took this fun fact personally.
heartbreaking. prayers are with her family.
1-curious to find out more. i thought she would have been found earlier - i was always looking near astoria park during my walks
im joking we don't stand a damn chance
i know you are lol. you are the master of sarcasm but you never know what will happen on any given sunday
i don't know what this is but there's gravy so i'm down.
oh its moco loco.
wire installation on the event level
so sad to se w the islanders colors there , somethings so wrong
fill me up with cumshot
yes studs deeply fill 2 overflow then relax/recharge &amp; watch as i lick n slurp both pies
full moon, can't sleep so here's a gourd from my garden ...
excited b/c master gardener mate is giving me clump of these for next spring.
bernie sanders: "now is not the time to be supporting a protest vote"
bernie has to stop masturbating. he looks like hillareous clingon. the dnc really fucked him but he loved ut.
what the fuck did i just watch
report this girl for animal cruelty this is disgusting
if you hate hrc fine, maybe your reasons are good, maybe your reasonsare bad. trump however is not the antidote.
i actually don't hate her cause i was going to vote for her when she ran against obama but that changed when they debated.
beautiful! you too! :-)
i will! thank you. :)
currently sitting on my desk, courtesy of a co-worker who truly gets me.
we knew it all along...
robby mook says inciting violence casually or even as a joke is an unacceptable quality in anyone seeking the job of commander in chief
why do you even need to quote someone? it's a reprehensible, dangerous act.
oh. i want to meet those people.
unfortunately i'm not one of them. haa, no friends lol
trump says hillary clinton started the birther movement and he finished it. has the reality check:
easy question: who was public face of birtherism? blumenthal? do 's uneducated fans even know who he is?
i was screaming at my tv
some weird time shit is gonna be necessary. or alternate universe-y shit. otherwise, they're dead.
kasich won't vote for trump: 'my actions have spoken very loudly'
e should have gone to work at the post office.
*buys 5 books* *reads 2* *buys 10 more* *rereads 2* *buys 20 more*
story of my life
she runs c shells by the seashore
she's beautiful. i'm in love.
question of the day: who do you think won the week? trump or clinton?
well i would say the deplorables..any other questions...?
. no reason for this mistake. even wikipedia gives coining credit properly.
did we blow it??
privilege is accidentally ordering $40 worth of takeout from the pizza place next to your old college dorm and not feeling that bad about it
also happens to be the definition of comedy
after building automated machines and putting people out of work, i stopped designing and building them. robots (0)
i do have to confess i'm still building systems, but now electric propulsion systems for boats. no more robots!
ya! we have a plan to hold tokyo node gakuen (mini-nodefest) on october. i am planning the detail.
sort of a nodefest gaiden? i'll keep my eyes peeled. let me know if you want an npm update.
and then the black population became more concentrated in ne. enter usa - again.
in peru also there were 40k natives sterilized w/o knowledge by japenese/peruvian president. his daughter keeps running
fuck that i'm a damn pirate
lmfaoooo, i imagine the pirate ghost from spongebob saying it
dat ending, am i right?!?? thanks for tuning in to . can't wait to see how we get outta this mess in s3!
waiting for s3 is going to make me nuts!!!!!
cas the caption is gold
haha my one hit wonder
yeah u right if they lost 2night they on life support lol
i think they already are on life support lol. this season is probably over but props to them on playing hard all season.
just watched lucroy get a 2 out walk off double against madson &amp; a's. he would of been perfect here
yeah it's a shame a deal couldn't get done, tda sucks so bad so i don't blame the brewers for not wanting him lol
and then the black population became more concentrated in ne. enter usa - again.
he is in jail
nah i haven't, off new album? any good?
yeah it's fabb i like it. listen when you get a chance &amp; tell me what you think
allen wants everyone to know he said "people are least puffy at the end of the day" and i took this fun fact personally.
that's not untrue, but i think everyone will agree my reaction was entirely appropriate.
here's how the whole birther thing actually started
he has betrayed his base of racist expect his poll numbers to declined.it okay to lie about hillary but to his base unforgivable,horay
stop pushing liberal talking points
stop being a frat bro.
had to delete tht cuz i'm not tryna start shit but y'all shitty ... always looking for reassurance... y'all fake confident
lmao not me, i have all the confidence in the world byeeeee.
honored to be on such a fantastic panel with and at today!
it was fun on stage with you guys!
what do you think the alpha on that statistic is?
type i rate or alpha like in capm theory (idiosyncratic returns)? i can't think there's much upside for living in the matrix
ya! we have a plan to hold tokyo node gakuen (mini-nodefest) on october. i am planning the detail.
i promise to not subject everyone to my terrible japanese.
who's that guy?
. you don't see the family resemblance?
i don't know what news media u guys were watching but all except cnn said she started it.
that is untrue, cnn, msnbc, fox, abc, nbc, cbs all stated that trump started birther movement
same here. i aint trynna stay though lol
lol i still havent gotten on the fuckin train smfh
1-curious to find out more. i thought she would have been found earlier - i was always looking near astoria park during my walks
2- never seen so much attention for missing person here (besides katrina vertrano) - sierras photo was up at every store in area
i don't know what this is but there's gravy so i'm down.
it's loco moco.
perfect night for a star trek baseball game!!!
singing moondance in my head
only because she is running against donald trump does hillary clinton's personnel judgment not stand out for being poor.
where are you going w/ this on a friday night. you are normally better than this josh.......
so jealous! what did you buy?!?
nothing loool we only got the cleanser for you and a toner for allan
rakesh has sat on planning commission previously.
do you think fremont needs a major effort to address homelessness? lightning round question.
amen! his music is hard to duplicate!
it's impossible plus anyone who tries to perform it fails miserably
the media is stupid, they will follow to the ends of the world, where, of course, there's a trump property!
-i think the "phenomenon" that trump has become is more a reflection on the abysmal state of our media than it is on trump himself.
and then the black population became more concentrated in ne. enter usa - again.
in brasil the bulk of pop now are of mixed race.
in my case it's because the apple tv remote is smaller, lighter and more delicate than a single pistachio
can u even imagine having that remote with small kids around?
i was already planning to do it. to solve the problem of my earlier tweet
it's ok, just say no to hardcore drugs. those kill
what's the score?
a whole lot to very little!!
his reaction to guys making shaqtin will get me laughing again. his playing of kat 58 minutes in double ot game will be great
still can't believe he played pau all those minutes. that's just brutal for a veteran lol
donald trump has spent years peddling lies about president obama. and that didn't stop today.
nope he didn't-you did by you spreading more lies &amp; bs
thanks! getting ready for our gig tomorrow
hey guys! *happy gig * to ya!!!! haha :-)
wire installation on the event level
so sad to see the islanders colors there ,somethings so wrong
people get that the penn memo at no point questions obama's birth certificate, right? conway, hannity and other trump allies don't.
after seeing footage still refused to believe that trump was the one who kept egging it on
it's loco moco.
not my thing but man the hawaiians love it.
tbh i think these are stupid but i have 3 hours longer in this fucking kia soul with nothing to do
and i need something to distract me from the horrible cramp in my ass from sitting in this car for 8 hours
so y'all remember i been tweeting craving the platano maduro made with sugar &amp; cinnamon look what mami made
your mother blessed it
and radha mitchell needs more work.
what a good movie. did things i didn't expect.
i don't know what news media u guys were watching but all except cnn said she started it.
which he did. they did cite trump surrogates saying she started it but every network corrected them
all i know is after they were caught they fired a guy and apologized.
yes. it went nowhere, and they apologized, unlike trump.
i could believe in harry potter and still not be as stupid as u,the man who works with "evid" except he doesn't have any
bottom line ur idea of the afterlife doesn't w it's your idea of "god" is not true it's not reality... no such exists! thanks
congratulations on your album man, you deserve it,you always been so real and down to earth.and you actually care about your fans
hell yeah i care about you guys :)
bernie sanders: "now is not the time to be supporting a protest vote"
bernie has to stop masturbating. he looks like hillarious clingon. the dnc really fucked him but apparently he loved it. shmuck.
full moon, can't sleep so here's a gourd from my garden ...
excited master gardener mate is giving me clump of these for next spring.
four brunches a day, hookers and blow, hamilton and hacking all night into bleary panels about serverless. hit me up if you free.
also if you catch me working i believe has a bounty on my pelt. unless i'm working on non work stuff! ask before smashing!!!
trump's second amendment rhetoric again veers into threatening territory
he is one sick puppy
did u dl my boo 's new album yet?! gift alert!!
mwuah. you are the tops!!
aine fujiwara first and last. dmc28 the 1pinter and cumeater ...
ooo hug her like that and make out while fucking her hard... ooooo kissy feet &lt;33
do you think fremont needs a major effort to address homelessness? lightning round question.
lightning round questions are one word, yes or no responses, or very simple sentences so no time for details.
had to be, right? otherwise it wouldn't have happened?
only one way go find out ...hello , me and my boy have a question for you
and then the black population became more concentrated in ne. enter usa - again.
southwest many blacks ut bahia was first capital also that is more
we're in real trouble with that 76 win mark. i really don't like this team.
wth happened tonight
oh damn homie lol
jus got on the train going the other way cause im annoyed
it's why i'm never on the best american sports writing list. that, and the fact that i'm an illiterate boob.
i think you're literate.
saved to my spotify and listened through over &amp; over! love
thank u thank thank u!
after the 3rd shot of henny
2 things i always wondered about this clip.....where is he now and what is the original audio?
it's loco moco.
it can have hamburger or spam in it.
that typing class at three rivers seriously set me up for life
like serious shoutout to mr gleason, the realest mvp to ever exist
lightning round questions are one word, yes or no responses, or very simple sentences so no time for details.
candidates come back with a resounding yes, needs a major effort to address homelessness.
i always thought it's weird that ppl who claim to be strict constitutionalists don't like to admit how much compromise the document has.
also, since the same ppl tend to be conservatives, they seem to interpret the constitution the same way they interpret scripture.
all that said: if blumenthal did anything, i doubt clinton or her team authorized it. part of what's wrong with him is he is a stupid rogue.
just another fake negative on hillary for next week. thanks barro.
that's almost a tank of gas for your truck
tank a gas is about $52.00
2- never seen so much attention for missing person here (besides katrina vertrano) - sierras photo was up at every store in area
the most shocking is time though. no way body was outside for 8+ months and not found, especially through summer. so sad.
if you hate hrc fine, maybe your reasons are good, maybe your reasonsare bad. trump however is not the antidote.
sorry but u text way to fast. it's cold out, my fingers r numb, can't text,enjoy the conver but must stop4 now nite nite.
and if you do know me, you better only call me sam
fr, "samantha" is too weird
listening to
thank u so so much nicole! means so much to me!!
eh. depends if they tag you in.
i wouldn't want to be in on these two.
cruz doesn't mention trump but calls clinton "manifestly unfit" 2 be potus &amp; revives joke about her deserving prison
and her continued badgering and lying is not doing her any favors either!
they did that lots of places. "shanghai-la" in liberia. women were duped into prostitution by usarmy.
macain's hooker was so beautiful they made her a model
how can mewani be put under preventive arrest? what provision?
provisions of emergency declared (undeclared in this case) by the government.
nor do they have "heavy armaments." old, shot-out m16a1s, some gas launchers.
a lot more than they had pre-2003.
that's almost a tank of gas for your truck
tank of gas is about $52.00
you piqued my interest. went to buy on but i'll wait for it to go on sale.
kindle edition
if you believe that someone's beliefs on skin color inhibits their ability to make policy, then we have nothing more to discuss..
yeah i do. i think a racist in a country of many different racist cannot look out for all people. that's kinda the reason ..
tell me why everyone is obsessed w marshmello ???????????????
because he's dat nigga? and everyone who is obsessed with him can't name 3 songs...
just sayin, watch your mouth cc:
i'll cosign. im sure boss is great but strictly on the songs, u really think this is slander?
\_()_/ i mean, at least they could offer. it's only polite.
apparently its their anniversary....
yeah i do. i think a racist in a country of many different racist cannot look out for all people. that's kinda the reason ..
they are racist... i mean...
so, this is -extremely- bad taste for multiple reasons, but, um...this does not mean what they think it means.
trump is thenardier in this version, right?
let's see how many of you dickheads break your new iphone 7s on the first day
there is no iphone 7s dumbass smh
i'm here an i can't find it :(
i literally watched it fall and said well whoever that is their gonna b pissed so idk where it went
will say: good on the roots to basically say "don't show us on screen at all during this"
where did oyu hear that
ha, first you said they didn't do it, now you say 'but they apologized' make up your mind
i said it went no where and was never embraced by hrc or campaign. that stands.
we will rip out her spanish heart and set fire to it..
how you spoil us
i'm not going to lie, i will give anything with brown gravy a shot.
this is my go to whenever i'm in hawai'i.
i think you misspelled "bitter-ate."
you're right. but we both agree: ray writes good.
thanks for following me on twitter here
you are so welcome!!
one of my favs
this one says, "i'm plotting to take over the world....."
2016 infant legacy fall/winter
fr fr, how much for the flannel cus i'm copping that. like, i'll purchase it now! you always sell out!
then some other combination euphemism for breast and idiot will have to be invented, because i only know that one.
i've always known you as a tit if that helps.
also, since the same ppl tend to be conservatives, they seem to interpret the constitution the same way they interpret scripture.
that is to say: they assume the document is inspired/perfect and is the work of unanimous political will and work backwards from there.
i had no siblings. if you're a guy, having older brothers makes you more likely to be gay via
i've heard of
it's not politics at all.it has elements of it cuz of the people around him.of course that's their job, but got damn still...
it's definitely politicking on dt's behalf. that's why he's hitting the black churches and flip flopping on everything
uhhhh, are you guys fucking kidding???
you ain't gonna do anything about it though
lets ask my followers...
the assassinator. you would be lethal.
maeda once again runs into some trouble but escapes. through 4: 3, dbacks 1
maeda has his inner mad dog maddux working for himself tonight
sorry i can't make it on cam tonite i've got a fever &amp; it's highkey kickin my ass. i feel like a zombie tbh. all i can do is cuddle my cats
*the like is for the cat cuddling
about to watch the conjuring 2 by myself
hans solo dies
mel gibson having a baby with 26 year old girlfriend. his ninth. ew.
one more and he can make a minyan...or maybe not.
sad that people will defend the indefensible.
yep. it's beyond sad.
rich just nailed it. trump has a lot shorter distance to cover than a former sos to convince people to vote for him.
trump being a dangerous madman is just one of many reasons to not vote for trump.
they did that lots of places. "shanghai-la" in liberia. women were duped into prostitution by usarmy.
poor idiot white men. they are so much of a minority in the world, they cant kill all of us
wish i had friends up here that would listen to ice berg w me without judging or thinking i'm ghetto
imy so much
this is the funnest fucking thing i have ever read
i popped awake,had to add $.02.i live in nyc.no shit,it's an echo-chamber here.
so proud to have obama family in wh. they will be moving on to next stage of life. love and luck always
8years n a black man as prez and no scandals. now a potential woman! the old can't handle it
"what would you do as a council member to approve thoughtful growth, without amending the current general plan?"
probably the most relevant question for a potential council member.
this is accurate reporting: rt trump proposes disarming clinton bodyguards: 'let's see what happens to her'
-per evil incitement! trump has become the voice of satan himself!
virgin in 2012, you better marry that girl!
not till i see how many fingers fit. ain't trusting.
...arch of the diver, who should be the speed and has some ok turf pedigree. 1-5-3 2nd race.
that is an incredible name
i have a men's thomas sabo ring that needs a new home...anyone interested in making an offer?
what's the baseline?
i had no siblings. if you're a guy, having older brothers makes you more likely to be gay via
i've heard of this before and i do have an older brother
and that person is hillary rodham clinton
you have freedom to choose your candidate,i have mine.i happen to love ushateputin
i know one thing browns will miss playoffs lol
yeah they will lol. bengals and steelers are good and the afc wc will be a tight race. browns need a franchise qb real bad.
this is the funnest fucking thing i have ever read
lost two good friends;they will not associate w/you here if you disagree w/"lib" politics.
at a "name your flavors" bar. guy asks for something that tastes of "blueberries and pjs". clarifies that "pjs" means "private jets".
is that a joke? god i hope that was a joke.
should be on break them apart fire level.
one of two things are done...to get the pops.. a fake injury angle... chyna did one or the brawl.
"in the pines" with piney cookies opens now at agg ...
thanks for showing her!
she will bash. she trapped like a rat.
nope. she's figured it out. but, watch out for grassley. she stole his thunder &amp; he's pissed.
ha, first you said they didn't do it, now you say 'but they apologized' make up your mind
when are you going to account for five years of birther crap by trump??? no excuse!!!
is perfect and will always be my friend crush
promise not to replace me with a cal poly friend?!
clinton camp: trump's talk of disarming clinton's bodyguards "should be out of bounds"
no it shouldn't-hillary is the one out of bounds with her lying and deceit. it is amazing to me you haven't taken her to task!
can't wait for s new album future throwback to come out in stores. i'll be there handing them out like samples
thank u thank u! they will be avail online soon!
but, to run to making your follies worth it, that's not my dept.
he has failed every angel in the heavens knows it. hell draws nearer them than i am geared to postpone it nigh, nigh, nigh.
25 pictures that provides us a window towards the unforgettable moments of our past
the celts did this too; they called it a ghost fence.
wait according to this article there's a soup dumpling "scene." why are we not apart of this?
so i see.. hath replaced me as resident azn dude
a walk an error and another walk set up as big rally as giants bat around and take 6-0 lead after 3
luv your scorecard fans in the house! go giants
debut: 'frasier' premiered 23 years ago tonight, september 16, 1993, on nbc
tv guides man. the best. those show descriptions!!!
what beach?
went to a wedding in sea bright, but my 5 month old and i spent all day at asbury park.
you look like a testicle doing a face swap with jfk's uncle henry.
you're sweet. your mother be very proud of you, norman.
probably the most relevant question for a potential council member.
. touts his recent opposition to "centerville junction" development, which will remove ten homes to make way for 52 townhomes.
nothing like having someone on youtube accuse you of being hired to be 's fake girlfriend to remind you not to read comments.
why are people awful?
my mouse ran out of batteries and no one else had aa batteries in the apartment so i had to charge them again..
therefore i only just finished that new game episode
like i literally need a toaster oven but i refuse to buy one because the only one i want is the one promised us.
i want the oven
everyone in the media is beginning to sound like h. a. goodman. nate silver and new york times are worried. clinton = trump
just wait until assange drops the october surprise.
this is the funnest fucking thing i have ever read
and i don't care how good you think your friendship.its like they fear being disagreed
i should not be cooking fried chicken and rice rn but i am.
i'm going to regret this tomorrow.
well. front row seats. i hope this bodes well.
lucinda williams' drummer's mother came over yo instruct us in how to cheer for her son when he's introduced. yes ma'am.
wait. auth codes? you mean one time codes? or...
yeah. one-time codes.
build a wall and make jeff pay for it
give it a try
i'll let you know!! lol
please! i needa rock that at the kanye concert!
find a valid source of news that's not tied to
i've done my research. if you read something other then breitbart you would understand
how 'bout this?
yeah i read this today. can't even imagine how mobbed that bar will be.
and that person is hillary rodham clinton
i don't like donald's connection with putin.that is a treason.so you have to live.
my work partner knows the "witch grip" of winston.
i swear your whole house is run on extension cords
this is amazing i have downloaded it too
thank u thank u!!
marc jacobs is canceled. . and i really liked him. . oh well
can't believe we lost marc jacobs and jimmy fallon in one week
the bushes are helping the clintons today. kasich is rallying for obama. i'm glad everyone's cards on are the table.
republicans helping the dems.have not heard of this.thats how loyal they are to the party!
i like teruteru lol
is teruteru gay or bisexual? cause i swear he's referred to himself in the latter nature of preference
ldn edges it for me, i agree with 99.9% of what you say, please keep up the great work and help hrc become potus
i'll give london the 2,000 years and counting.
revis is washed now
don't be silly
love my mom. been hanging out with her watching national geographic when she asks me "how many cows am i worth? a herd,some goats i imagine.
rock on, mom. as a childless middle-aged woman, i'm not sure how many goats i'm even worth!
. touts his recent opposition to "centerville junction" development, which will remove ten homes to make way for 52 townhomes.
marty froomin says he thinks the general plan needs to be a living document that flows with change.
yall want peas with that?
oh y'all wanted a twist? no
maybe he meant fluffy.
only adds to the huuuuuuurt.
maybe tho if you got capri suns fam?
arizonas and cookies
its so vile how some people know a guy/gal has a significant other but continue to pursue them..its even more vile when they feed the fire
yes, very annoying! especially when the feed the fire
then fred did same thing w/ pau against pistons and didn't have to travel for next game which we beat em lol.
pau must be excited to be a spur now lol. pop gives players rest and knows how to manage minutes.
well. front row seats. i hope this bodes well.
lucinda williams' drummer's mother came over to instruct us in how to cheer for her son when he's introduced. yes ma'am.
lita/edge, stephanie/jericho, trish/jeff, lita/jeff, trish/christian
lita/jeff???? whoa lols
that is to say: they assume the document is inspired/perfect and is the work of unanimous political will and work backwards from there.
to whit, you don't hear conservatives bringing up the 3/5ths compromise, et al. - it clashes with the "inspired document" narrative.
huh...i had the idea cdg tgv served cities across france and elsewhere:
makes sense cdg connected to many cities. interesting at ams was people transferring trains w/out baggage, presumably commuting.
this is the funnest fucking thing i have ever read
or fear to consider any viewpoint-no matter how much verified*data*you have-not in agreemnt w/theirs
or just sit and watch movies
criminal minds marathon here i go h
catching up with old friends is the best.
doggyyyyyyyyyy?!?!?!?!?
come check out tomorrow night in front of the rec center at 8! free donuts and ice cream sandwiches!
can't wait!!!!!
im fucking graduating high school finally bitch what the fuck i neve r thought i'd see this in the near future
i always thought i was gonna kermit sue of side before i'd ever get to see a cap and gown.. wow.. i can do this
great 2b back tonight on ! and just as race is tied- its like america's watching dr strangelove and half are rooting for the bomb!
the world you and live in is very convoluted and dumb just when it comes to and civility.
i really needed that, . got through a tiny chunk of fear tonight. plod forward.
we are honored to have you make our city a little brighter with your presence tonight at !
looks like that "peak at the time" trick only works on series 2 watches. looks like this:
that is a weird constraint
another solid inning for bart. he strikes out two in the frame.
heyy les go places
when the people u had plans w tomorrow night make other plans and your backup plan makes other plans wow my life
i was kidding babe there's always time for you in my day
son, let's run a game
this expansion mode is sick.
i'm sure it was just great timing but jay you're a miracle worker. thanks pal. viva
stick with us, we'll get it. thanks for the support with the rundown hater!
marions even sells pizza to ship!!!
while the quality concerns me... i'm not above trying it out
i'll let you know by the end of the day.
hey i wanted to follow up, bf got sent his press badge despite being fired so everything worked out. thanks anyways
2. so has resigned from over disputes originating in controversial story he published about man/owl sex.
link please
don't need hoodies in fla till feb...but that's not the point
cutoff hoodies... or whatever you all wear down there! i'm just really excited!
dating is the process of having dinner with lots of new people until you find one who lets you just eat while you both stare at your phones.
it's gotta be better than that
so they did it, apologized for it, but they didn't 'embrace it' mmm ok. bye now.
yes because decent people apologize even when they aren't responsible for misdeeds by associates.
mmm so flexable. hold that pose baby
&amp; very sexy
anotha one @ times square, new york city
yesss you look soo good!! i hope i can meet you one day
i gotta take a pass on shrimp but i'm sure it's tasty.
the local food is awesome, and can't beat the views.
useful for textbook illustration of apparent price-fixing. cannot possibly be cost-driven (and no price cuts)
it's how much insurance will pay. and it's inaccurate by 3x for humalog pens.
we are absolutely happy that they brought you in too love your music
hell yeah! they are the best!
tweeting from the new iphone
how do you do that without a headphone jack?!?
doing gymnastics is really shaping up my body nicely, wow. it's happening so fast too.
meant to text you, the commentary on your gymnastics snap had me dyingggggg
of course, i'm sure they gave him first choice. his daddy was a commander in vietnam war. privileges unlimited.
i know. he was in panama, a well hooker place for jackals and military
you are a geek after my own heart if you know for whom i'm bringing this bottle of my wine
surely the ip is , so perhaps hal?
marty froomin says he thinks the general plan needs to be a living document that flows with change.
sharma says he thinks the emphasis on increasing density by developers is based on how you define greed.
every other sf block is half-built these days
you'd think we had the 1906 earthquake last year
standing on 18 tee, needing a par to shoot 79 . how did i do?
what did you shoot?
congrats to on the release of ! currently climbing the charts
thanks guys! appreciate all your hard work!
this is the funnest fucking thing i have ever read
it borders on neurotic and i dare say, the attitude is shallow &amp; cowardly.its too bad.
honestly it's almost overwhelming beautiful. and sooo personal
i cried the first time i heard rushes to, and i never cry bc of music lol i was shook
that was such a glorious play.
i wonder if i can get an animated gif as my wallpaper on my nexus..
she protected herself so i cant paitouch
truly a boring heroine
trump wants to 'see what happens' to clinton without security via | ap photo
-trump now speaks with the voice of satan himself.
seriously. if this re-hashing of citibike is on the agenda, why not broaden it? talk about all the spots.
even spots created off-street by homeowners. parking spaces for home depot. spaces for schools!
also seems very strange that the details of her quitting have not come out until now ?!?!?
i thought i heard this initially - but the whole thing, leaving wallet, phone at home was weird
he is so good.
definitely one of my favorites. did you see him in the cell?
i don't account for trump, he does that on his own and how it wants to do it.
do you condemn his birtherism?
syfy makes me want to watch all their shows but school
stream when you are on break! they are pretty good even though i'm still pissed over dominion's demise.
what's happening?
nothing go to sleep
i went to the nyc hooters with and it was great.
i drank something called "hooterade," we saw a mouse, and i bought a t-shirt!
do you believe clinton's nasty attacks on trump reflect her desperation at being behind in so many polls?
nothing diminishes her hubris, deceitfulness, and nastiness. vile and evil.
armenian-american artist bei ru's music mixes cultures and sounds (with )
can't wait to check out more of your music
it's listed on the website for $129 cad
i will keep that in mind, but let it know when it sells so i can stop keeping it in mind.
i feel like baked potatoes are unpopular now does anyone else feel that way about baked potatoes
baked potatoes peaked at the baked potato bar; we're never getting that back again.
sharma says he thinks the emphasis on increasing density by developers is based on how you define greed.
sharma: i.e, how much $ do you want to make off your plot of land? density affects everyone's qulaity of life, he says.
yup lol &amp; i told her i have a job &amp; she was still persistent
that is weird, go back! maybe she'll give you something next time
vanity fair's interstitials are insane. these are two covering 80 percent of my screen
it's important to rest between sections of the takedown.
not sure why me peeing my st. louis cardinals sweatpants when i was four qualifies as a "twitter moment" but hello new followers i guess
sounds super hot. you should put it on tinder. and i still want to know what happened to biscuits
are taxis not yellow in your homeland? (or does that mean a rental car? i don't think i've ever seen a yellow rental...)
i seriously have a yellow rental car
u stole the hell out this tweet my god lmfaoooooo
except she left out the "one hour" part
to whit, you don't hear conservatives bringing up the 3/5ths compromise, et al. - it clashes with the "inspired document" narrative.
while we're here, we ought to acknowledge more often how great the constitutional ban on writs of attainder is.
i'm going to regret this tomorrow.
regretting this while i'm doing it.
kayla is my long lost sister bih i love her so much
i love i more stop ima cry
nnnnnope. but in retrospect it's not a bad name for a cocktail.
yeah. that, pj&amp;b, or blue pajamas
i turned my garage into a room. work with what i got ;)
oh i get it. i have so many extension cords just to charge my phone. halloween is fun on extension cords here
come to jack tomorrow
can't i got a thing with a person in philly :(
i refuse to travel to some cities because cops are so poorly trained, mostly in the northeast.
that's something we agree on, the training issue.
your mother must have been disappointed when you came out looking like tj houshmandzadeh after the divorce
norman, a warped, filthy child has hacked your account and is sending vile tweet. thought you should know, son. best, mike
unpopular opinion: i have very little (if any) interest in the olympia
damn... stealing my tweet that copyright infringement tho...
. is here tonight to talk + perform! plus, it's !
watching now
sharma says he thinks the emphasis on increasing density by developers is based on how you define greed.
sharma: i.e, how much $ do you want to make off your plot of land? density affects everyone's quality of life, he says.
that happened 15 years ago, how about what happens in palestine syria and the tourists attacks in france and so many other !!?
seen. like with eyes. in person.
1. i want to talk about why canadian fiction has so many stories about people having sex with animals &amp; vegetables.
i'll just leave this here
1. "will you be able to play with your friends" "yes"
i've played with my friends. they were telling me what to do while i had the controller. if you don't think &gt;&gt;&gt;
she didn't even wear sweats when she played tennis - remember when she wore heels on the court?
yeah i do but i think she wore sneakers golfing in one episode
never seen so many trumpbots out in force, each saying hrc started birtherism. wrong &amp; an idiotic excuse for dt's 5-yr racist crusade. sad!
many are also beating up on after beat him up with words. is. this the u.s.
what the fuck is this smoking doesnt make you cool fgt
i honestly was thinking "greed is gonna say something retarded about this stock" while making this
ok but brutus has to find his best friends body after he kills himself i cant do this r u kidding me i dont know like if lauren died idk wha
spoiler alert im more invested in this tha n i thought i was
anything romantic in there is a bit too much
do you go to the ones in the gulf?
if you're on someone's page and click on one of their pics you can zoom
my mind is blown
umm..those people you cited were in the emails wikileaks released as colluding with the dnc.
no, actually they were not. and wiki? really you really want to cite a russian criminal terrorist organization?
why are you in an arsenal bar
it's this really cool, divey bar in my neighborhood but it just happens to be an arsenal bar but i don't hold that against it
drinking henny straight is a dubbbbb
sip henny.. dont gulp it down pause
can't blame him for travis scott
lol yeah but football????
unfortunately, is also part of us foreign policy - was so before thirdreich, and still is.
i know, but i think it is failing
this why chivalry is dead
hararambe died for her sins
nahh saving for yeezus
well and imats mostly imats and beauty con and my palettes
i'm moving to south america if trump is elected... i'm already learning spanish
i'm thinking of moving to vancouver
can't i got a thing with a person in philly :(
believe me when i saw jack was tomorrow and the lineup i wanted to cancel but that'd be hurtful to them.
! pamee! i'm touched!these words alone..it'll forever be a embedded in our hearts
embedded lang . where did that "a" come from?dang!
can't wait until social networking apps roll out the revolutionary "online status" feature
tbh online status indicators on twitter would be
hey it seems like all my friends are hanging out online tonight, what year is it 2008?
ha. btw i sent your im post to someone the other day and they enjoyed it!
rev faith green-timmons that elite that want to keep rest of people in their place- without jobs or water
made a fool of herself,
he admitted it filth
actually no he didn't:
happy birthday pretty! love and miss you
aw thank you:) love and miss you more
bend over american grab lube obama butt f*cking us again giving $4.9 freebies to beloved muslims.
blighted areas in chicago with thousands of teens running around shooting each other got how much $$$ to uplift &amp; improve?
by now they know. and to cut her off again to push an injury angle that is already being used in the tag division. not a great plan.
i almost would have made carmella look super strong, not had nikki break her finsh til the singles match. that would go over
i've been doing it everywhere with my mom since i was 15 here, i just can't get trashed lol
it wouldn't fly here cause downtown already has a bad enough underage drinking problem lol.
yeah, right after they get caught. have a nice evening.
do you condemn trump's birtherism?
time to get some dad jeans, untucked blue dress shirt and an apple watch for my tim cook cosplay
better, if not less recognizable, than the plethora of steve jobs cosplays tbh
there playing lauryn hill at the bar are you kidding ?????????
they're *******
yo pangolins are weird ass animals
they're cute. though not as strange as pink-fairy armadillo.
unfortunately, is also part of us foreign policy - was so before thirdreich, and still is.
younger generation less of the crap
i like the political ads here better than following the us campaign
the outfit tho
but the gag is she always smiling for me at least once
really over all this fucking hate
i think he'll announce south america &amp; asia first before he announces more tour dates for north america but we will see lol
i heard it's all tour dates
umm..those people you cited were in the emails wikileaks released as colluding with the dnc.
i simply have no time for conspiracy believing, uneducated racist white trash
is back. what!? how!?
this is a flashback episode. (notice that they have lucy).
london has fallen is already on my bad movie top 20. gonna have a beer and watch again
tried to watch it all the way through for the third time last night. can't get pass the helicopter scene....
have you read eros the bittersweet? i feel like you might enjoy it.
what prompted the suggestion though?
grotesque rhetoric..lost their minds.. cnn says trump bashing media is 'like' saddam hussein destroying democracy
they have lost their bloody minds! clinton news network has fallen so low when wins no more credibility 4 them
sro bar order: "something that tastes like what we sound like" and then the dude turns around to continue talking about text editors
what would you make them?
sharma: i.e, how much $ do you want to make off your plot of land? density affects everyone's quality of life, he says.
laurie manuel says more transit oriented housing integral (city already emphasizes this), also smaller, affordable housing.
i think people get it twisted i don't rep mclaughlin... i'm all windmill park nothing else
nobody asked!!!
or insert any city that has nothing to do with milan, italy.
i thought this was a real story you're a fraud
screenshots cost money gentlemen!
how much??
definitely one of my favorites. did you see him in the cell?
no where did you watch it?
she already holds that title in my eyes.
she's just the figure during the awakening, no need to demonize too much.
so retracted a lie today for the 1st time in his 70 yrs. if he does this once a day most of lies will outlive him.
mr. o'donnell i appreciate you so much for exposing donald trump and his lies.
it's sad that you block people. unless they threaten me or my family, i would never be such a coward like you.
no credibility, timmy. you're a fan. and you need to feel good about rooting for people who don't protect kids. it's okay, son.
blah. my hair and the pillow are not getting along right now
thank goodness for durags.
this is very helpful! thanks.
good because i'm at a concert with my wife for her birthday but i love you so much i took the time to tweet 2 u
lots of things have happened since the end of last season, and without any explanation. i guess i'll just have to go with it.
you might have missed doc saying at the very beginning "this is a flashback movie"
the best coffee tables have baby milo's in them. ()
had a feeling u retweeted this
yeah i thought it was stupid, not racist though. of course everything is racist with you
don't assume you know how i think. but that was racist and reprehensible as hell.
lol many years
theyre "working things out"
did you catch the last weekend? watch this amazing video "perseids blue lakes" by
wonderful! should ask my opera singer daughter if a "super-imposed"vocal will further add to the mystical atmosphere
you'd be surprised how many websites would work well on the watch with no changes thanks to the efforts or people like .
my personal home management app should work. on my local network you can change lights and speakers from a web page. why not on the watch?
expand to rochester ny please.i need you
you can thank kathleen for that cup
i've played with my friends. they were telling me what to do while i had the controller. if you don't think &gt;&gt;&gt;
that counts, then show me the multiplayer features, promised in the promotional materials, that weren't delivered.
its time for dc to settle their bill with voters. 8 yrs of ignoring the 80%. obama still loved but too insular
talking to manhattanites at zabars. lol! doesn't consider one w/o a trust fund to worthy of opinion
by now they know. and to cut her off again to push an injury angle that is already being used in the tag division. not a great plan.
like everyone knows nikki's history with the neck.. play to it until you get that.. "i'm back and i'm still badass" moment
autism awareness tees coming soon.
who's ready !!!
hannity and conway should know it's medal of honor 'recipients'. you don't "win" one- you're awarded one.
you're asking too much from
but, how did he get raised by crows??? was he wearing something shiny??? did they just pick him up???
it's the apocalypse. roll with it. hahahahahahaha
stfu i hate movie theaters
lmao that movie was lit to the max
i expect to join you two for the ny hooters experience upon my next visit plz
yes! we saw a mouse though and it was super disturbing.
when your gf starts retweeting crazy stuff so you gotta play it safe
nope. nope nope. only person in the world i hate. i hate her with a passion.
.: after 4 days' rest, hillary comes out with the same negativity
jeez, why can't she find something nice to say like that tie goes great with his klan robe?
omg you have 86 followers. not important enough. you're a real low level goy. cant talk to you anymore
"a real low level goy" - would be good linkedin endorsement
do u know how to box???this is basically me throwing 6 jabs at ur half conscious face while u slowly try to back away
you believe in a fake religion lol no logic no reason just pretending hahahahah u angry yet??
i always thought it's weird that ppl who claim to be strict constitutionalists don't like to admit how much compromise the document has.
an unpopular opinion: republicans aren't racist - they just have positions on poverty that aren't terribly helpful to anyone.
if you believe that had nothing to do with ,then elvis presley is now masquerading as yo yo honey singh.
some people in nashville still believe alvis lives.died in 1976,same year mukesh died.
exactly. but they use "critical mass" theory. slaughter some very publicly, others are intimidated. or so they think
still only 16% of world pop.
trump's arrogance is beyond comprehension.
but he's always an asshole
is there any benefit to going after the source of illegal guns? straw buyers for example
i don't know. i don't think alone it's productive. but in combo w/ other tactics? it was done in nyc.
oh like when some women have acrylics?
any nails at all.. i'm trying with my natural nail &amp; acrylic, neither work. gloves etc won't either.
everyone go buy the always fantastic 's new album !
thank u for this!!
it was a real story. every girl does it, though.
pick a side
"who's afraid of virginia woolf" is still a breathtaking display of master playwriting. rip edward albee.
he was brilliant . will never forget virginia woolf play w uta hagen comes in says what a dump...
it's how much insurance will pay. and it's inaccurate by 3x for humalog pens.
when there's a tiny number of buyers and a fixed, publicly measurable price, they set the price.
he's trying to portray himself as enjolras.
almost as bad if you ask me
am happy i have a big sis to hug me tightly but right now am hugging you big sister i love you sis
i love you so much too,bro you make me feel better
i had fun filming with &amp; for today! they had some serious gear!
oh man, i haven't seen mr. jurassic park in forever!
i train hard so i know my capabilities and limitations. very few officers know theirs, and those are usually swat.
the cop in cleveland who killed tamir rice had no business being in uniform.
so proud of u todd i am going to take a listen and. when i get the money i will get ur album
thank u so much!
bath salts don't count as hardcore, right?
nope. that's used during amateur hour
i literally learned this today at 3am when i couldn't sleep &amp; was googling if pringles were good for me
but i like crispy fries
my personal home management app should work. on my local network you can change lights and speakers from a web page. why not on the watch?
i know swift well enough and i could do the work to get an app together, but why would apple approve "jackson's house app only for guests"
i see the media using this to blame hillary and shift neg focus off trump
it's false blame. clinton nor her campaign have nothing to do w/ this. but as always, when trump gets in trouble blame hrc
brioni, $7k each. tbh, he's not doing the declining brand any favors with his loyalty.
the sad thing is you can buy bespoke for $3k. for $7k you can buy decent cloth and another suit.
so in the this year there's &amp; that's pretty much it folks.
ucla should be better than usc, imo. but it's ucla, sooo lol
"what will be your three biggest priorities as a council member?"
marty froomin says financial responsibility is his first priority, community maintenance, and more comprehensive marketing.
"keep an eye on the poop factory." truer words were never spoken.
fake lucy or real lucy. bahahaha.
that was for but if the shoe fits
i joke with my friends and they don't get booty tickled
i don't go to any anymore. poor quality and huge amounts complete waste
you need to try the real thing stateside.
i saw all time low
how was jimmy eat world?
gonna be completely honest, i'd rather have gsw finish off the 73-win season with a title than choking and getting kd.
yet an excellent consolation prize
remember when people used to update their outgoing voice mail message every day? i never understood that.
i used to .... when i got voice mail messages....
let the fingers do the walking tonight all over me. now
so hot have a fun evening &amp; show beautiful
don't u hate it when ur doing ur brows and the 2nd one comes out thinner (but better) than the 1st but u don't wanna thicken the thinner 1
so ur just staring at them wondering what ur next move will be???????
never mind i stand corrected
okay you gotta update us on this situation now. i'm in suspense
just over a week to go before camp starts and we need something to fill the time. a jr smith-darrelle revis twitter beef will do the job.
it's by every definition the summer of jr
"the one word that comes to mind when i think of her is sinister" ~ on hillary &amp; the black vote
she just lies and lies because that's all she has left
i'm really going 2 have go down 2 livermore just 2 give this kid the sticks in 2k17
come get the stick lil man
an unpopular opinion: republicans aren't racist - they just have positions on poverty that aren't terribly helpful to anyone.
it's one thing to bring up the rate of single motherhood in black neighborhoods &amp; another to claim deregulation improves that situation.
oh def he don't have to worry about playing 45 min in a jan game lol. who u have besides spurs in there div making playoffs?
i think the spurs will win there division but i expect them as a top 3 or 4 team in the west.
wtf they closed?
girl you lost in the sauce lol.
joe, hillary did not start the birther movement or her campaign. in fact, it was proven by cnn and msnbc to be false
what you are citing joe, is irresponsible in it's complete falseness. let's call trump's birther crap what it is, deplorable
2016 infant legacy fall/winter
how much are bombers?
i think cassandra just saved 10k's life. you're welcome fans
i've been in airplanes all day. still hasn't aired in my state but now it's almost midnight where i am.
happy birthday liz! hope you had a great day! love u always
thanks kel love ya lots
you really want to open this can of worms in the campaign? who is your advisor??!!
meanwhile hillary looks out for bill....
am i the only person in the u.s. that didn't know employees sing at cold stone when you tip them???
didn't know that til it happened in long beach lol we were so confused
marty froomin says financial responsibility is his first priority, community maintenance, and more comprehensive marketing.
cullen tiernan says sustainability, transparency, and bringing more people into the government process.
get you a man that can do both
says no one.
swear to god i want to get over this and everything that has happened fully but it's like i can't at all. i'm trying but it's hard
it's only been a month.. stop being so hard on yourself
i healed my ass off ( ; v ;)
i know that feeling
illegals are not allowed 2vote, but will likely vote anyway &amp; other fraud where no id required, so this's important
illegals likely to vote in 20 states where no-id required. 5 are among swing states
useful for textbook illustration of apparent price-fixing. cannot possibly be cost-driven (and no price cuts)
hauntingly familiar. looks like this chinese equity from last year.
hmm i hope soo!
i would think so justin doesn't disappoint
omgomgomgomgomgomg i know what i'm going to be doing all weekend, chillin' in this, thanks !!!
the best!!!
this movie was unexpectedly wonderful
whatever you do, don't watch keanu.
no where did you watch it?
really? ooh bugger tits it's on which you don't have but i think it's streaming on
now that trump has spoken, i'd like to answer why she insinuated in an interview that obama might be a muslim.
y r we even talking abut this? does it matter in an election this year? who cares?
also i love what i do so much and i see artists as real people with real concerns about how they're perceived in the world.
sending my love and power to you, stay strong
someone should do a reality show on the real chinese housewives of potomac, md
first up is the vancouver edition
58% of americans support a single payer health care system. in 2008, 60% opposed bailing out big banks. retweet if you're ready to be heard.
any focus on fact ford, chrysler, &amp; carrier ac moving industries to mexico ? anything on heroin epidemic ? enough ! gutting us
have you considered there is actually only one goth club and it extends across space and time?
my own private worm hole complete with drinks specials? i'll take it
joe, hillary did not start the birther movement or her campaign. in fact, it was proven by cnn and msnbc to be false
let's call his comments in miami about hinting again at shooting her what it is, deplorable. stop being a gop mouthpiece and start
i train hard so i know my capabilities and limitations. very few officers know theirs, and those are usually swat.
my brother &amp; friends were walking thru washington sq park w/play rifle after theatre practice. cops stopped them. cleveland= dead
got a aunt that lives there. they tell you what job your going to have and heath care is terrible.
that sounds a little like a lie but also why is your grammar bad - i'm a little suspicious, is it possible you are a 4th grader
substantive impact on the country.
i don't understand how you can say a racist man is an honest man who is very caring... i don't need him to be perfect just not
join vida blue &amp; me tomorrow (saturday) from 12-2 on the sports leader knbr talking baseball &amp; their 15 remaining games 808-knbr
thanks for the early notice for once!
exactly our point! he lied!
no, you don't understand. none of that is either promotional material or describing a specific feature.
cullen tiernan says sustainability, transparency, and bringing more people into the government process.
. says traffic congestion reduction, smart development with controlled growth, and public safety. says public safety is imperative
on the ppv or sdl?
didn't nikki break the sub already at backlash?
i'm willing to take offers if you want make one!
i'll do $110, if you don't get anything else. what's the size?
i love jerking. sometimes me and my friends make a circle and have a jerk off
outa pocket lol
please. it's painfully clear trump won't help anybody but himself &amp; his rich friends from here to russia!
ur a fool to think that
a white lady presuming to "save" poc from the "prison" of "id politics", but doing fuck-all anti-oppression work:
hmmm, something about this scenario seems so familiar . . .
man i liked that movie!
be gone from here
republicans across country should be forced to say whether they are ok with trump's comments inciting violence against hillary clinton
gop especially the media should stop trying to blame this birther stuff on hrc. trump started this crap in 2011-now
* kisses top of your head hug you * :,3
*hugs back* love you
the 1-900 number or the long distance call from vegas to a number in washington state? those kids in the wizard must've been ballers
12068857529 i am amused i remember this still
yo, so moms sent me out for rot and afghani cookies the first store we walked into yelled closed
&amp; i then i called maiwand she answered, asked what time they closed she said we closed but whatchu need?
what my twitter feed looks like. cc:
if you play your cards right you can have my code
10 of the 12 runs in the series have scored on two-out hits.
that's how they do it when they're right.
ketchup sandwich? only if it's from india
in south africa (durban, at least), grilled cheese sandwiches with ketchup were hugely popular. but then, it's cheese...
subtweeting eh?
he just sucks
who is "you?" never heard of them
malcolm alexander brownell is you
we were doing so well
i love those guys but that movie was tragic, man.
it was so lovely to meet irl proud to have lost my hooters virginity with you
agreed!! i couldn't have asked for a better companion.
i get in thursday &amp; leave sunday. maybe we can do coffee or somesuch
i am on the tour until oct. 3, so not in mpls. but hope our paths do cross nxt time!
joe, hillary did not start the birther movement or her campaign. in fact, it was proven by cnn and msnbc to be false
calling trump out on hisdeplorable statements and lies and actionswe do not need or want a racist, a bigota bully and criminal in wh
this vet said "i wish i could shake your hand mr.trump" put his hand to his cheek and leaned in
can you ever see hillary doing that?
i cant believe this
these people clearly don't watch real housewives of new york and don't have a sense of humor.
. says traffic congestion reduction, smart development with controlled growth, and public safety. says public safety is imperative
. sneaks in a fourth priority, schools, working with the district.
it's one thing to bring up the rate of single motherhood in black neighborhoods &amp; another to claim deregulation improves that situation.
therein lies the problem: when your political message is to scold everyone for not being a conservative christian, the public tunes you out
who are you voting for
hillary probs
he really doesn't! i really wanna see him again!
same here i miss him so much
hey mike - i'm a penn stater &amp; huge football fan, but seriously conflicted by the honoring of joe. i wish they wouldn't.
thanks matt for your honesty. i don't think it's wrong to root for them now; i just think they need to turn the page.
borders? when i stream to my pc there are no borders, just looks as i'm playing on the monitor
it's just the surface just confirmed
people who get their political opinions from tv comedians. sad. can't be bother to think it through.
between the uws/hamptons/bevhills, it's easy to think virtue signaling is actual, deep virtue
frighteningly easy!!!!
awesome to hear. thanks! any place i should absolutely check out?
psa: if u stumble across bens cookies in soho, don't cop. $3 each and their peanut butter cookie has boiled peanuts in it like why don't go
it's not their fault they're english we don't do cookies
now you're just being a troll. that is not a reasonable interpretation of that statement.
it's a damn sight more reasonable than "you promised us an mmo"
we have to considerer that interview with the v. is the story from louiss perspective!
yes that's true but lestat is supposed to be attractive
i've been at my job three days and an employee has already made me cry. can i just do photographer full time yet?
just come back. fuck them ):
happy friday! i'm on cam -&gt;
have a fun show &amp; evening beautiful
when your friends love taking photos of you but you're mr. incognito.
me + my sharp african lip!
not often i get to taste , , and in one go - win.
funny you mention the 09' gramercy syrah. first wine i ever had from them. tasted it at the winery. still remember it.
so i haven't watched lewandowski on cnn until right now. does he always just spew trump campaign rhetoric? how great trump is on issues?
cnn is unwatchable now-it's like what howard beale railed against in network
folks at : who else?
available for a quick chat tomorrow?
ah yes, the annual pre-emerald ball mad dash to get my car clean.
hold up. when is the ball??
14) do you live by truth or by lies? do you change your mind because you've discovered new facts - or because you've received new orders?
i wouldn't say it's about order. it's about having lusts gratified - hatred, resentment, blame, fantasy.
would you say this is us
no i would not say that how dare u plz be trapped under an avalanche!!!!!!
i hate this sport
i mean obviously not but also sometimes
so if u haven't seen her now..u better get a ticket while you can
i actually don't think she'll step away for a decade, but she won't be going on any massive world tours. probably spot dates
you already know
thought it was so you
yep,- and somehow that was 'made' okay. come on jesus!
this is one for black jesus
i can't see it, but that name is gross.
right?! "dirty water brewery. "
we're watching galavant on netflix and you guys it's delightful.
i've been meaning to watch it! gotta fuel my love of canceled shows.
put me on game
it wasn't good fam
adam is naming all the animals &amp; he's right! it's a genesis miracle!
i'm impressed by his naming animals with roots in foreign languages that don't exist yet.
. sneaks in a fourth priority, schools, working with the district.
laurie manuel says she wants to continue to push for downtown's growth, says it can be done without affecting the quality of other districts
yuppers but it was done in a still not compromising her finisher way. b/c that was mid match and she didn't lock it.
yeah i guess, just saying its more effective if they played into the neck story.. details are key
us has just 5% of world's population, biggest share of prisoners. "free country" ha!
i know. more blacks then there were in slavery
also who cares about pumpkin lattes when the chile mocha is the shit. hello??? spicy hot chocolate???
preach
wrong i'm the one obsessed with &amp;
thanks for clarifying!
i had a good time
you were probably on drugs which is not something i will ever do. i will not pollute my glorious temple.
lol at a fired volunteer being comparable to trump leading birther charge for 6 years.
there is a difference in how older generation presenting this info vs. younger journalists
people who get their political opinions from tv comedians. sad. can't be bother to think it through.
they don't want to know anything.its our kids that ride subways at rush hr-theirs never have or will
it's not their fault they're english we don't do cookies
that explains it @
happy birthday to from chewbaca from topeka!
thank you :) hope all is well
us has just 5% of world's population, biggest share of prisoners. "free country" ha!
the insidious kind of racism is an outrage
yesterday i was craving a cheese slice from joes and bret said "so like mazzios?" um. no.
not. even. close.
just remember, sweden, belgium, germany &amp; france welcomed these refugees &amp; now want them deported; be vigilant.
please cite evidence. diplomatic &amp; higher ed leaders from these countries support refugees: a moral imperative. don't be gullible.
laurie manuel says she wants to continue to push for downtown's growth, says it can be done without affecting the quality of other districts
. says more commercial districts need to be created, cites previous failures of downtown creation efforts in the city's past.
therein lies the problem: when your political message is to scold everyone for not being a conservative christian, the public tunes you out
furthermore, ppl see the choice between a system that doesn't help the working poor, and imperfect ideas that at least attempt to.
mine got claimed by my gf as soon as i got it :(
mine's safely stashed in my suitcase and will never leave my hands!
ed camp or steam/math? was it the ?
that was it! thanks!
that shitty feeling when 2 cute girls are in traffic next to you and you're in your beat 96 corolla :/
that's how i feel when i'm in the integra all the time lmao
so i missed my flight to avoca tonight in newark &amp; had to stay at a ramada. luckily i have extra clothes.
damn eric, if u were on my side of town we could have caught up!
yes they "should" be
so much talent on that team, yet i'm sure they'll underachieve
us has just 5% of world's population, biggest share of prisoners. "free country" ha!
i am no fan of obomb but hate the racism against him
that gigi mention just has me dead i can't believe them ajsjfjs
literally every time i open my ask box there's someone that's bothered by the prosthetic leg
happy gday!
aww thanks frankee!! we'll have to visit again soon :)
court martial of terry lakin:
not sure if it was this guy or not, but in a similar case there court basically called the guy a coward.
everything i've heard is trash
well you're trash. mellogang or die
there's also a photo of mitt romney visiting a hooters on the wall
not to mention, our server was a hooters calendar girl.
some people don't realize it was a joke.. my band will do a cover of the song in your honor!
your tweet was perfect! such a profound line &amp; your "reaction" is so seinfeld (show)
nah got me in tears on snap
look at the video i sent you
what a great time we're having in durham. tonight's event girls night out. fabulous. see you tomorrow.
one of my cousins lives there, i told her to come see you. she likes your books. have a great day.
joe, as you can tell from victim in 2014 they have lots of anger towards paterno
he probably doesn't blame jay. and he's more forgiving than you give him credit for
worst customers are the ones who call in 7+ lunch orders in the middle of lunch and say they'll be there in 5 minutes.
i'm imagining this person also has a purse-sized dog and demands you load their stuff into their smart car.
stay home and be a child of god like me
literally same. stay home for once pinche vaga
myth timon ~ ~ ~ retweets and likes make my day better!
night guys!
with 1 week to go i was finishing my outfit, rehearsing my talent, and running 18 miles a day on about 400 calories
stoooooop it i'm gonna have to listen to "don't cry out loud" now
i want it to be winter so i can go sit in a bank of snow and think abt my life choices
i would be alright with just running out into the snow, laying down and letting the powers that be take over
episode 3: how-to grow your personal brand college students &amp; social media tips for presenting
this is great brother! thanks for inspiring me.
"i just made a ghostbusters reference in a sext." "nice. was it 'don't cross the streams'? that's the one i always say."
if im lucky its... "he slimed me"
see phillip tonight at 10pm on the new, critically acclaimed series quarry on cinemax....
getting such good early reviews
your youth may be gone but you're still a young man
where do people who can't roll their r's come in when it comes to the post-apocalyptic human cull?
wow bae stopped by for a visit
fuck it's all gone
&amp; i then i called maiwand she answered, asked what time they closed she said we closed but whatchu need?
so then we go back to fazila's restaurant &amp; i was like ay khala my bolani ready she rolls her eyes &amp; says i told ur mom 25 mins
lol, i thought she was on here!
she is but she ain't
epic! ai: part 1
stunning beauties
robby mook says inciting violence casually or even as a joke is an unacceptable quality in anyone seeking the job of commander in chief
in india it is punishable,jail sentence.if you are as a leader talking against any community,you can be arrested.
you should, the lyrics are hysterical. and noooo, it was cancelled?
yeah :/ though, the first google result is maybe coming back cause netflix:
my dude it is a friday night and we have all had a bit to drink but this is *a lot*
jeet's breaking the first rule of canada
has anyone seen laura ma's killing words (palabras encadenadas)? it's pretty damn good!
haven't heard of it. but i'm very interested
the first plasmid injection in bioshock oh man what a memory
the 3rd release of that game just means it's as perfect as it can be
matt moore gets in trouble but limits damage to one run. giants lead 6-1
. you're doing a phenomenal job being our good luck charm tonight. maybe attend the rest of the games for the regular season?
maryland muslim family has apartment set on fire + anti-muslim slurs spray painted on walls.
-this violence against muslims, or any other religious minority can not be tolerated!
. : fyi, i include your tweets in my latest post at :)
you're doing a great job
live righteously big bro
the only way bro. u know
true story. my hillary pic was today. this one was called inappropriate.
. it will get worse after oct 1st if congress doesn't pass bill
anybody want to play some draftkings this week? it's a good slate coming up!
won some money in the free-roll last week with , so i'm in!
so anytime someone claims sexual abuse, they are to be believe no ?'s asked?
you believe cosby, too? you amuse me. good night.
sitting down at ghiringhelli's fairfax, flashing back to 1986, working here as the 1st ever dishwasher/delivery guy.
lets play 18 with vinny at the chuck!
good thing there are multiple hooters locations in ny: blessed are ye
i think there's only the one!!
worse ... but not as bad as his followers soviet-style denial of those 5 years!
not exactly soviet, which was in service of ideology, dogma. trump goes with what inflames and gratifies. memory hole in common.
same though i have a fucking 78 in ap physics
bruuuh i do not fuck with physics, good luck
, you r right abt so many things! apparently, is 's boss???
thank you! i don't know if that's the case. i'll have to check on that.
what i always hope for everyone living in new york city is that you find your next door neighbor soulmate
please find this for me. too tired
furthermore, ppl see the choice between a system that doesn't help the working poor, and imperfect ideas that at least attempt to.
socialism may or may not work, but the gop wants to sell everyone politics that has made many ppl poorer -- especially nonwhite ppl.
you need get out of your little world.
i know it's a friday but don't stay up too late, you have homework and kickball practice tomorrow!
dude, he's just not that into you.
"calling our women shiksas etc" this cannot be a real human
i ain't watching that
look here fukr. it's in my vudu account. fukn watch it.
i have actually seen it twicejust because....... it
you know i'm going to love it, right?! 2 peas...
i live in a town of barely 7k. mind you.
i saw that person yesterday. damn sf.
tattoo at the bar trying to act cool lmao. ducking hate that puerto rican
chingatelo wey!!
new record for earliest a takes the stage:
thanks for the nice tweet!
umi kitchen allows you to order home cooked meals from your neighbors. we like that idea. ;)
. grateful for this lovely piece!
so it'll still download
yes u can go check the download progress if u don't believe me
my issue is they already see this story w/ chad. doing it w/ nikki would just not add to it. i get making mella look strong but ...
not injury angle tho.. just how its really hard to get of move esp for nikki given her neck..then when she does, like wow
nah. rice incident was an outlier. perfect storm of bad decisions. i've been armed around cops a dozen times.
if it was, why was there no prosecution? it's mind blowing a situation that bad doesn't result in prosecution.
these niggas love communal showers
bitch, yours might as well be one. don't do him!
you'll get a kick out of this then:
i want one. and i think i played all of these.
she's crazy talented. i assume she will still take the occasional cake for extra easy income-
but i think she's burnt out on doing it full time.
when you gonna go live during a robbery or hand to hand sale? be feeling like these notifications be selling dreams
ah indict u wann indict mi?
bitch, yours might as well be one. don't do him!
defending your good sis to the death! i live
asking president obama for his birth certificate is like asking him to produce his papers
damn straight
welcome to nebraska. see you tomorrow.
very classy. good luck tomorrow!
long island new york as usual yall were a blast we love you. god bless
you were amazing charlie so glad we got to see you tonight!! please come back to li! god bless
did mcqueary treat sandusky like he knew he was a rapist for the following decade or not?
you ever heard of people molested by family members that still show up at reunions? wake up.
i had marshall and watkins lol
why do u have players from your division that aren't on your team ?
thanks to everyone who helped make my birthday special.especially to the ones that helped carry all my things
happy birthday beautiful !
socialism may or may not work, but the gop wants to sell everyone politics that has made many ppl poorer -- especially nonwhite ppl.
so when it comes to claims of gop racism, i don't think most republicans swing that way, but the shoe sure fits well enough.
why did a brazilian jiu kits place have a giant cthulu in the window..?
because cthulhu is a karate master, duh
football sucks, sorry daddy. i just like to call you that.
haha and loves to hear it :-)
how many coxinhas is too many coxinhas? - you can never have too many coxinhas (okay, maybe...
yay, it worked! i wasn't sure if i was doing it right. and well done -- you answered correctly!
are you serious...? people are either dumb or don't know humor or both
i..- i've never said this word when asked about the prosthetic leg what is this
i did. food was ok but portions too big. waste of food and money. at least would never go alone.
go alone, bring home leftovers for others
i can't believe some people track down your address and send mail to your home! that's scary! you deserve to have some privacy.
i completely agree. he deserves his privacy. they all do some people go way to far.
don't remember what size it is, but here's a comparison
i would need to check it, but my first thought is that it's too big.
seriously why couldnt i learn how to do my eyebrows and makeup in highschool
stahp it you're better off being in your prime now girl
no, charley. nobody likes your yankees.
why wasn't steiner designated for assignment?
i got spurs as 2. just mental lapses come playoff time been undoing this decade w/ exception of 14
them and the clippers are probably the only threats for the dubs this season out west.
my lungs will fill and then deflate, they fill with fire, exhale desire, i know it's dire my time today
i'm a kitchen sink, you don't know what that means, bc a kitchen sink to you is not a kitchen sink to me
congrats ! you were a gorgeous bride! wishing you and scott an amazing life toget...
i feel like i saw her in central park today taking wedding photos
physics is so stupid i want to drop but i already have a low gpa and it'll be lower if i go to academic
i have no idea what that means but do whatever you can to keep your grades up
you'll get a kick out of this then:
willow had this great dynamic that a new weapon was always more powerful, but slow as your character learned it.
love this squad
lmao i'm directly behind maclean
when you realized you're all alone so you just cook and watch movies on a friday night
that's still fun i think lol
mars presents: the lyric tee collection! -
my reaction...
throat is scratchy, feeling blah both mentally &amp; physically, so convinced myself to get up &amp; do it.
stupidly thought i'd dance at this gig and now feeling guilty about not working out
let me guess, you supported forbes when he ran for president too?
yup. both times.
omg they played my nxc
thank u &amp; that's the first time i've ever heard my nxc played live
best book in the whole wide world! im in love and obsessed! cant wait to read defector!
omg, i know! made me look forward to long flights :-d i'm begging it to become a movie
mura might beat sasha and evan on the amount of warhorses he's done
sasha literally only did warhorses
unfortunately yes it has
don't get too emotionally invested into it like me lol
turn the page. i agree, mike. and acknowledge the failures and help the victims. i love your work.
thank you, sir. means a lot.
waiting on to come out on stage.
it's almost that time!
people telling me to get over it and don't let it affect me so
people need to go play in traffic.. worry about their own pussies.. unfollow .. do something
willow had this great dynamic that a new weapon was always more powerful, but slow as your character learned it.
talk about a thing representative of reality!
i don't trust this lead tbh you guys
you stop. but i know.
would it be crazy for them to fight it out and the finish at ppv have to do w/ nikki's neck leading to her tapping out?
logical booking in my mind would for nikki's body to fail her.. you can protect her by having mella cheat to get upper hand
will try out your a new yorker you should be able to play well
i would be a good gm lol
there's a research that concluded that writing notes w pen&amp;paper is easier to retain than typing w a laptop
i heard that same thing recently on a radio program.
i like the prompt today for .my thai friend has an actual agreement w/ her guy bff.nexshir na ang deadline but there's a twist e
uy kyute hahah
donald trump should be arrested for actively advocating the assassination of a presidential candidate.
you sent this 4hrs ago? dude. old news. pick another talking pt from the flash cards they gave you.
it's here! learn more about our iphone 7 for $0 offer.
can i trade in my iphone6plus for iphone7plus? what's the deal?
wisdom and logic of strong, stable money: "sound as a dollar." tax cuts, king dollar
and judy shelton.
i'm so happy i'm not friends with like anyone that i graduated with
except me and we love you
long before kaepernick's protest, this native american teen sat out pledge of allegiance
i do believe she has a first amendment right we must honor that we don't have to like it but we must honor it
anyone want to watch tv?
if you press the right series of buttons, ppv comes in only a little scrambled!
bend over american grab lube obama butt f*cking us again giving $4.9 freebies to beloved muslims.
give ford &amp; chrysler &amp; carrier ac incentive $$ so they won't ship operations to mexico as planned...boycott these companies
how will you address the need for affordable housing, with balance, and please be specific?
. says you cannot be "for" affordable housing, but not other levels of housing. sticking point for him.
they are calling this a joke?
the biggest joke is the dangerous game the media is playing on us.
it is imma start getting back into it lol you should watch it
you should watch peaky blinders . soooo good
hope jimmy fallon sleeps well on his trump-bribe millions knowing he may have just f*cked over his country. what an absolute idiot.
hahahhaha they're mad because they build trump up to be hitler &amp; it turns out he's just really cool, funny and normal. love it!!
check for mildew; often that's all that makes a 3.5 disk flaky.
oh, wow. any suggestions on remediation if that's it?
my favorite is when ppl call bisexuals "fake lesbians"
bisexual invisibility... cause apparently we don't actually exist
walked by a poster with jake gyllenhaal on it and my friend maya casually says "he still owes me a dollar" ............ ???????????
it was for skittles and i need her to turn this into a children's book immediately
trump has now scammed: 1) a police officers' charity 2) a cancer charity 3) a 9/11 small business fund 4) millions of students great guy
but somehow, "hillary is the one who's not trustworthy." isn't anyone paying attention?
lol bae and i are working together tonight. some guy was hitting on me so hard and she almost beat him up. it was great i love her so much
so cool hope the rest of your evening is a good one (:
mlb seems to have a solid weather plan in place. i mean, seriously, it's going to take a fatality, isn't it?
i know you want this job, and you're the perfect person for it. just wish they'd create the clearly necessary position.
well, technically, working for someone who lies for a living is different than supporting that same lying person.
isn't that what trump has done.bs fraud,4+2 bankruptcies,no body was paid.putin.
i'm convinced steiner has naked pictures of someone in the front office
lol, wtf! how does he still have job?!
is it just my device, or is having issues with heating up? ugh!
yep! same here. any resolution?
i did. food was ok but portions too big. waste of food and money. at least would never go alone.
you also have to know the good locations.
hillary looks disgusted when shes forced to talk with us nonwealthy folks
she is above it all. unless of course you are cher or paul mccartney
as a republican ;-)
. he's the new bloomberg, just four+ election cycles younger
with path, i quit because no one was left with twitter, it's more that there are more things making me sad than happy
getting closer every day
rationality is flowers upside down like a dumbass
what jason said tbh
. says you cannot be "for" affordable housing, but not other levels of housing. sticking point for him.
laurie manuel says theres a need for small, modern, transit oriented housing. subsidizing for teachers, fire fighters etc.
i heard one of testament's new songs and it has a the gathering (album, not band) feel to it. so good.
they released another single already?!
trackpad beats are my favorite beats.
i think the apple watch dock would be great. it's a clock with music! wait...
nice! bland unis+ cathedral+ higher purpose+ worship+ pope, +pedophilia=striking parallels with catholic church.
i've had a literal block party tonight, shutting down penn state "truthers" all night. man, what a warped bunch, matt.
i'll always believe in you bro
thanks bro
hope jimmy fallon sleeps well on his trump-bribe millions knowing he may have just f*cked over his country. what an absolute idiot.
hahahhaha they're mad because they built trump up to be hitler &amp; it turns out he's just really cool, funny and normal. love it!!
so they killed nyx? well, guess that shows a wrap for me.
have faith, she may be back ;-)
my wild side
nigga that's a 2010 recurve bow lmao
bonds &amp; mcguire don't count they cheated
until they are erased from the record book...
sorry, (not arguing) but only one has left former military/cia to fend for themselves. no greater sin.
but only because he has never been given the chance. he's betrayed people at every given opportunity.
texas youth football team to still kneel during anthem despite death threats
there is always someone who wants to deprive someone else of their constitutional right save the constitution
my mom just texted me "peace!" not sure how to feel. all that was missing was the emoji and she could possibly be cooler than me.
- even cooler if your mom did a horizontal peace sign, turn it to a fist and pump her chest.
highest menu at tempura endo?
oh! totally forgot about that one
why hasn't samsung released an os update that bricks the exploding phones forcing them to be returned?
they're pushing an update that does actually stop the exploding
four brunches a day, hookers and blow, hamilton and hacking all night into bleary panels about serverless. hit me up if you free.
where are you doing the server less panels?
hard to believe over a year has zoomed by since i joined . our progress towards a cloud-centric model has exceeded my expectations.
congratulations on your first ! enjoy the fun ride ahead.
the winner of the pavlok giveaway..... - send us a dm and we will get you your free pavlok!!
yay! but i can't dm you cause you don't follow me
big day in history, one way or t'other. time for a big bottle. lopez '04 crushing it.
love that bottle! good stuff!
has anyone with a 5 updated their phone yet idk if i wanna yet. i feel like it'll make it lag tf out
yeah i wish i didn't update mine it's not total garbage but it's definitely annoying
oh you mean like in the match?
yes, make that mella's killer move, have her beat others with it... otherwise she's just going to become fodder
oh fuck!!!!!!!!
by the end of the show i predict the word un will be scribbled on that sign before dressing!
cotton swab or tissue and rubbing alcohol is what i've used; others have reported mild soap and water but that doesn't dry as fast
got it, thanks!
out he coming out the cuts to say hi to me at work lolz. sorry i was busy watching the floor earlier.
its okay! nice seeing you tho
my body doesn't want me to sleep even though i have to be up at 5am tomorrow
don't you wish that place opened at like 10am
really 96 bonds home runs damn how do you keep track of the hr's
went back and added everything up about 5 years ago, when it was only 600 games to count
new discoveries with every gilmore girls episode i watch: jenji kohan was a producer!
. i'm watching it too. lauren graham's face reminded me of mary-louise parker in jenji kohan's weeds as did the way she dressed.
*extremely vampires voice, hunched over computer on ebay* leave me to do my dark bidding on the internet
midge is 900 years old she's not going to the meeting
you're welcome to try it on sometime
i would love to! i'm back in the city on sunday night.
i think it's bs they expect anyone to buy into their reverse psychology.
and if blacks had voted gop they'd still have no civil rights.
watch: battle heats up between and on
i'm a fan of both cuban and trump. it would only be fair if both candidates submitted
dude that shit was like 100 lbs of force the first half build up
you can't even have a draw weight of 100 lbs.
honestly one of the best shows i've been to in a couple of months
i had a lot fun i was waiting for them to play joyland but they never did tho so i was lowkey crying inside
now i know why your voting for the way you think. wow
remember, work on the difference between 'your' and 'you're'! don't stay up too late playing pokmon go, lights out by midnight!
, why do you let get away with blaming "your crowd" for the 2008 crash? that's a leftist delusion.
yes. how did modest bush tax cuts lead to credit meltdown? not enough time to discuss.
charley steiner likes pronouncing that centerfielder's name a littttttle too much, if you ask me.
after a few beverages in the booth, don't we all.
hoping your right, we can go help her pack for her move to dallas!
i'm pretty sure they will be together to many things physical and emotionless
see what this is ? it's a giant soup dumpling
hai from warren "old news" mcgee
hahaha of course i can't get any of the classes i need :))))) devils point portland im coming for you!! god bless tbh
devils point bc this is your contact emoji
may i ask what's the use of an ipad or tablet if u already have a phone and laptop
i don't know. we have an ipad, but i hardly use it. it's mostly used by my youngest daughter to play games.
how do i convince that i don't live in new jersey?
i'd love to help you with this. if you can dm me a link to your yelp profile, i'll take a look. or publicly reply. either way.
you better have us win or else
cleveland fans won't do anything. they will love me lol
if you're a gamer trying to get this twitter handle it's for sale for $500k us
see also: vs
you can't just wash racism off w/ a statement after 5 years of wallowing in it.
donald trump is acting like a used car salesman.his lemon is better than a new car.
in a system, you can never fix 'one' thing everything is a system
just like the deacon's masterpiece: all at once, and nothing first,-- just as bubbles do when they burst.
if the media doesn't change its tune, trump will win. that saddens me to no end.
. it's driven by money now.. not journalist integrity. laurer grilled harder than
can that seth and sasha video go the fuck away already i do not need it on my tumblr too
what happened?
have we learned our lesson about orca captivity since first capture in 1964?
what can we do about this soon to be endangered species?
laurie manuel says theres a need for small, modern, transit oriented housing. subsidizing for teachers, fire fighters etc.
. says he is also for affordability by design, and more aggressive in-lieu fees for builders who don't offer low cost options.
aw, man. the man who wrote "shoeless joe", which became the movie "field of dreams" ... hey, rook: you were good.
is it ninth inning yet... wait there is billy m at 1st. a guy with an epic hit that beat cards in what shoulda been epic year
seems to be better since i've finished restore/backup etc. will see how it turns out over the weekend
same here. my phone would heat up right next to the power button on the back. better since icloud restore but not great. worried
obama doesn't care abt the citizens of chicago, they aren't important. only time 4 change
agreed...the problem is too big.. job training, recreation centers, mentors,&amp; other programs to costly &amp; hard
lol i didn't ask for a discount i expected one since she was on me
way to get your hopes up, then they be like "i was just being nice"
ladies and gentlemen, fox news:
many people are saying hillary was the original nessie hunter, okay?
. says he is also for affordability by design, and more aggressive in-lieu fees for builders who don't offer low cost options.
cullen tiernan says he is passionate about affordability, in favor of rent control.
it was coming...posey goes yard for first time in 2 months, 184 ab's. and you can hear the entire fan base exhale. 8-1
buster liked it too!
i don't know. we have an ipad, but i hardly use it. it's mostly used by my youngest daughter to play games.
we got a wireless keyboard for ours, so we basically turned our ipad into a laptop.
this might be clippers last stand w/ cp3 and bg32 looming fa coming up. i think 1 bolts at year's end
i'm just interested in seeing how they do on the defensive end and how good there bench will be
but also i have so many questions about canadians now
i feel like i'm finally understanding a lot of things about wolverine
this is also the responsibility of hrc campaign. they need to drive coverage to topics they think are important, not just respond.
exactly, feels like she is being reactive rather then being proactive the way obama was.
signs i really like you: -make u a cute playlist -draw something for u -swallow ur soul so we can reign in hell from our obsidian thrones
are you actually the perfect women? i think so
you liberals all think students need books more than sports... commies.
they need this book specifically...
boutta block u get out
alexa. we can just fight. i'm really over you
ashley whhyy
why cant u just love me already omg
caro is so beautiful
this is a fact which i can confirm
great parade in the villages- i love you all. we will . thank you for the incredible support-i will not forget!
more white racists
so i see.. hath replaced me as resident azn dude
no nvr. he's just always callin up tryna eat m shanghai w us. you r dumplin scene
i believe i said exactly the opposite.
if that story is true, and there's no evidence it is, it will make me less likely to vote for sidney blumenthal.
not according to the most recent polls...thank goodness !!
no blacks for birther. no latino for wall. no female for closing pp. polls smows
darned brain won't turn off sometimes...then in the morning it won't crank over. ah well, i'll sleep when i'm dead.
it's like a cold-start! the older i get, the more difficult it seems to be.
well, oddly, i've never considered this. i can't roll my r's so i'm just hoping my other traits are weighed more heavily.
it's going to be down to me and mozzer to repopulate what's left of the earth
dear maichard i will not stop rooting for you. eb
you are awesome!!! so a&amp;m, proceed with love.
i love my friends.. they are highly entertaining
and yet u always turn off our notifications um
see john fail: kasich wants to burn down the gop | lifezette
kasich has no home, and he has no honor after backing out of his pledge, he'll never be trusted again
old: every unix function becomes a company new: every excel function becomes a company
now: every combination of aws services becomes a company
well the thing is she hasn't beaten anyone else w/ it. i'd love to see her put it on becky and then nikki runs out for the save.
that works..idk just know that's how it used to be done.. hell look what they do with rusev and the accolade
more clean prs! with 225lbs and with 250lbs and a close 265lb.
the bar crashed on my shoulders. gotta work on meeting the bar, and bringing it down under control.
i feel like iron first will have to be fucking crazy to justify itself. i hope they don't hold back on the magic stuff.
i guess....daredevil amd jessica jones have been so low-key.
akala speaking on his mixed background in regards to racism, colorism, and interracial relationships.
akala is a true historian. he credits his knowledge of history to the pan african saturday school he attended as a child.
ny hallucinations
haven't seen the boy in ages
highest menu at tempura endo?
yes, it looks like the higashiyama menu at $280 pp is la's 2nd highest. that i have come across so far.
thank you! we're launching new content next week - we'd love to connect further
would love to see more!
no, computer keyboards.
aw, okay: was gonna come down and raid your e-waste; i'm down the road at boardwalk xd
rocky we need the melatonin back dammit
like no fuckin joke. i almost bought the new gummies that just came in to the store. same brand but the bottle looks fancier
nice! is this the one on ave. b?
yup. obviously great guacamole and a nice atmosphere. our friend is co-owner.
until you start losing they will hate you
that happens everywhere especially ny
thank you to our founders!
you sell out bitch
cullen tiernan says he is passionate about affordability, in favor of rent control.
kathy kimberlin says affordable housing bond bill for alameda county will be very helpful.
so, do you tip for take-out? i always feel weird leaving that "tip" space blank, but...it's take-out, not dine-in. thoughts?
i do like 5-10%
whoa i'll be in nyc tomorrow. any idea what time you go on?
8pm sharp gold sounds in bushwick
we knew this
well damn. this is a new revelation to me. b
you aint even really gotta be my gf
i just wanna know your name and maybe sometime
racism is a group phenomenon, not individual:
your response doesn't contradict the point that birtherism is racist in intent and origin. trump exploited the very point you make
the sheer number of clickbait articles that cater to curiosity over how hot actresses from previous decades have aged is staggering.
i keep seeing one about "precious is hot now!"
the l.l. bean catalog showed up this week, and i am officially pumped for winter
hi hello friend. are you still in nyc?
daredevil is already a great martial arts show. iron fist hopefully will be a mind-bending psychedelic-zen adventure.
it isn't a martial arts show, it's just a particular fight style matt uses.
more clean prs! with 225lbs and with 250lbs and a close 265lb.
erik, so smooth!
i can't believe how horrible the itunes login process is
everything apple outside of touchid
buster posey hr makes it 8-1 over cards. who was saying the sfgiants were cold? as usual, playing great when they have to.
does the fact that the bullpen is rested make a difference?
next time you're in sf, we should come to sro/oddjob. reasonably sure you'd really like this place if you haven't been yet.
sounds good! putting this in my omnifocus
onedrive can delete cortana?
onedrive is even more persistent
is hands down my girl (boy) - unique af, charisma through the roof, undisputed talent and nerve is just
you're a mess gurl. go to bed.
if you're a cis white guy wearing a suit and a smile you can go pretty much anywhere and i have not used this to my advantage nearly enough.
hell you don't even need a suit, just a nice oxford shirt and a clean pair of dockers.
no where did you watch it?
oh and jennifer lopez is in it as well.
it's a capacitive surface - it's weird af
can i get a fact check on this? what's capacitive? looks like trickery to me
thanks for following! your app sounds right up my alley!
we're thrilled to hear that! xo
it's funny, every time the play the cards, yer either going to remember zito, ishikawa or morse
i thought they should bring up ishikawa just to walk around dugout with a bat.
but the question is do i get myself a new pair of converse or do i get myself a new pair of athletic sneakers??
forever the question
watching the different emotions play out on people's faces coming out of was intriguing. i was a mess but stupid happy.
was it as magical as i have envisioned while reading the book?! i hope it's as wonderful as it is!!
whom has cig
@ columbia frat hello please
good lord, don't challenge her. she's already left double sweat angels today!
. go for triple sweat angels! go big or go home!
.: "['s] got to show that she's got the determination &amp; fight &amp; desire to win."
she was back in couple of days. roaring like a lion.republicans have tried this old trick,clintonstuf
i really am laughing. looooooool "readers"
truth hurts huh muslim?
the calm ones? i want those too lol
yeah i was real close to buying them the other day haha
that val girl and melodicchaos didn't deserve to me... - kim, there are people dying.
you got haters. jealousy such an ugly trait.
friday nights used to be fun
shoulda came out
it is larger-looking (illusions dammit) tonight than that last super moon turned out to be from my view right now.
it's making everyone crazy tonight
no, 's wife needs to be deported. when is that news conference anyway?
cancelled (not joking) he said no need since she has her paper work in order.
it is larger-looking (illusions dammit) tonight than that last super moon turned out to be from my view right now.
it's making everyone crazy tonight
this could be helpful as well . cheers !
. you've clearly read nothing i've ever written. you actually got mad at me for not being rude to some trump supporter
girls. they will always love you. let them love you
girls are so precious
i'm in portland maine and no, it's not confusing at all
you made it to real portland?! my condolences. i grew up there...
"they hired the best dj in erie to be at the ball" *plays daddy yankee the whole time*
i see nothing wrong with this
definitly going to check this one. my next big purchase will be blue tooth hearing aids so that i won't need headphones. :)
you should definitely audition though since your mileage may vary.
im very picky w laptop bc if i can't do creative work w it it's basically useless for me
that makes sense. for what you do with it, a laptop is definitely the way to go.
if hadn't blocked me for no reason (i win) i'd have sent him to audio of his fellow espner on mcqueary:
i listened. i'd love to know if taping laws were broken. but that aside, a guy who sends lewd texts doesn't mean he saw nothing
the only thing that mommy professor is sure of, is that white kids deserve
show your face coward
you sound like a hoe
why do you think they call me that dude?
the difference is that's rusev and this is carmella. and until she attacks a becky or naomi, they won't see her as a threat.
not everyone can do it but i'm just trying here cause she probably is on a dangerous slope with emma possibly and eva
i'm literally seeing the same tweets for max b that i saw for gucci bruh. how did that work out?
i'm also seeing ppl who have never even mentioned max on their tl talking about how excited they are that he's coming out
so and i's future husband is at this game right now but pretty sure i have more of a chance since she's still 17
the light skin ?
. you've clearly read nothing i've ever written. you actually got mad at me for not being rude to some trump supporter
. i have absolutely no respect for you. but thanks for spending so much energy on me. have a nice weekend.
to stupid to learn history.
actually this photo is a source of inspiration for
nah she was in love lmfaooo it was weird
she needs to get it together, either love you or give you a discount
this "jeans" thing going to be another all day event like the " thick chicks"?
you tell me. starts 10am eastern, ends at 5pm. get in early and get a good seat!
is there a bulletproof coffee shop in the valley? probably not huh. haha
yes. right by my house and they have delish healthy food
holy fucking shit
this is a slow mo screen grab. i cannot believe msm isn't all over this.
man i love all these old white guys explaining how poc athletes should protest. hot takes for miles.
it's so embarrassing. &lt;&lt; imagine my best cajun accent here
whatisthisacrossoverepisode
sour cream... and onion! it fits!!
lmfaooo tongue looks long as hell
it's not that long in really life i swear
happy birthday to one of my editors ! you should follow him, *believe me.* :)
this is great. where can i get one of these?
fuuuucccckkk i'm gonna miss it by literally two days
it's gonna be terrible no worries
really stoked. we launched our platform last night. today folks spent $$ and hired designers. it works!! excited to open it up next week!
congrats!! proud of you and can't wait to check it out
i swear the baby hasn't stopped moving all day. i can't remember a period of longer than maybe 30 minutes where he wasn't moving. wtf kid???
have you been eating anything particularly sweet today?
next stop dubai to la for sheikh zayed bin sultan cup
arabian horses are stunning. welcome to los alamitos. great race already tonight.
if this isn't working: , we're happy to assist directly via phone here: ^jr
if i select an item it's fine but if i select a gift card it won't set the registry address
it's cold in here
y'all finna catch aids tonight
no one knows how exhausted i am
can't even imagine but you always slay
1 time i went to a drive thru &amp; i was sitting in the passenger seat w my head out the driver window ordering while getting my pussy ate out
doing it the right way
man i love all these old white guys explaining how poc athletes should protest. hot takes for miles.
i kind of like it because it's exposed how hollow all the complaints about more aggressive protests were
. i have absolutely no respect for you. but thanks for spending so much energy on me. have a nice weekend.
i'm only rude to people such as yourself who earn it.
now i just have to talk 4 other people into seeing a band called couch slut.
i can list two of you
then seth and sasha on their accounts were like sesha and sesha ballins and just keep it please
i'm a seth and bayley shipper myself
bro, i just had to have this conversation with someone.
it has to be a constant reminder for some. college and pro.
if you're going to san francisco, be sure to wear some flowers in your hair
you're gonna meet some gentle people there!
i guess; i still sorta saw it as an "action, fighting" show! :)
action-drama sure, but to characterise daredevil as martial arts show is wrong.
blurry television!
and i thought i was going blind!
just gone leave this here. if u smart ull watch. i ain't standing for shit
thank you for sharing this. it really woke me up
guess i'm the only one that washes dishes while cooking so when done eating all is left is plates and forks.
noooooope that is literally the only worthwhile way to do dishes.
all the best.. whether paid for or not!
d tears cunt h great &amp; pwerful z we bw befre u in celebratin gifting genuine mning
oh ok i was about to say. i could've told you about this awhile ago. it's great
yeah no ive known about it for a while but havent used it in a long ass time til tn
caught worse break in world top 2 players get injured in 1st round series.
they will be an intriguing team as always. did you the tweets from jr smith and revis?
i'm here for a good time not a long time
i laughed way harder than i should've at this
it is clear that isn't interested in facts. i'm sure he'll block me after posting this.
nah, i just think if you're a penn state grad, you can't possibly be any more biased than you already are. period.
2. a girl kicked a soccer ball 10 feet away from her and it immediately came back, how did this happen?
kicked in the air?
when your best friend invites you to fright fest.. bitchhhhh
i'm ready to be shook and suck some spooky dick!
fade in/out is usually the laziest of ui animations
agreed, doesn't add enough context
it's going to take time to adjust to this new iphone 7
why? what's different?
dd had some good action, but gets a little bogged-down by its own need to try to be more. which isn't... bad?
absolutely not. character development and plot makes it great.
woke up this morning to tributaries - marks on my breasts of what was. i'm back in some ways.
flash to 1999 w date that was likely one night stand turned 6 years - starred at my perky breasts in his mirror. momentary narcisms.
if a hotel has no minibars in the rooms, is it even a hotel?
motel, holiday inn?
what?? there's a new song ok i will after i get out of the movies lol.
btw.. thought i should let you know i'm obsessed with pink+white by frank
lionel richie - i call it love via ....hadn't hurd this song many years; not it's helpin me pursue .
finally stepped-up today at worky worky....asked tarsa to lunch...
when people are talking crap but you have a strict policy about not arguing with idiots on the internet *sits on hands*
you should sic your rambunctious american pup on em. thats just my game
3. "a" is the father of "b" but "b" is not the son of "a"...how is this possible?
"b" is "a"'s daughter?
i am in tears. this door hanger comes with asus gaming motherboards. "stay out of my room, mom, i'm pwning noobs"
my gigabyte came with a "privacy please we're gaming" one
leave the world behind
my god... you are so gorgeous zoe... love
oh ...i'm so late i am muddled ..oh lol ..;))
we forgive you milady
oh hey what's up guys
rito hits up twitter when he see# , and in a convo
altho emma showed up on the raw tour tonight. so logic would say, she's heading to raw and disappearing on that roster.
gotta keep nia strong lol
to a halt... how did the car know he was there?
it was daytime?
orly? "ibm is gearing up to become the world's largest and most sophisticated design company" -
that's a super interesting move! can't wait to see what is produced in a few years
your pinned tweet gives it away ma'am lol
nah this is beyond pettiness. i really ain't shit.
update: the debris is made out of brass, about the size of a baseball and weighs about 2 or 3 pounds.
oh my gosh that's absolutely crazy... thanks for following up on this for me!!
look at the bigotry in your campaign
no, they want their kids looking at a crude, lying, racist president, don't they?
how many infections ya got?
on my alt account i have all of them.
1. what's the best way to squeeze orange juice?
why would you? :)
i already have one. :))) i'm a cottage though. only had the chance to play for a an hour yesterday.
see this is what happens when i try to be nice to you. never again!
i wonder if it would heal or worsen my impostor syndrome to go to an enchanting... er software conference
software enchanting conference *transformation sequence*
i'll check. it popped up on my spotify "release radar" playlist yesterday. i assume it's the same one you mentioned.
oooh yeah brotherhood of the snake fucking rips
i literally knew you'd be the first to like this lmao
bc i'll never forget how you ate your spaghetti with ketchup!!
sour cream... and onion! it fits!!
it's wordplay
i really love sending people handwritten cards.
me too!! i even love buying stamps and new stationery. can we make giving hand written cards popular again?!
young couple with a 14 month old from atlanta moving to okinawa japan on for literally no reason. no language, job. the fuck?
omg every time i watch house hunters international i literally just like "wtf... how and why are these people doing this"
we're so sorry to hear this. please dm us over your email addy, order no &amp; date of birth so we can help you here
date of birth? don't fall for it.
. we already don't like jews. when you attack our women you summon a shoah (a real one)
-- sent from my basement
i just ejected tejava through my nose.
what about "dude"
last post from the 6.
i mean that's not fair !
talk about targeting.. but a little late
i know right? yawn....
what were they doing???
just eating soup dumplings and drinking white wine and kissing
i truly believe trump could stand up at a press conference, do nothing but jingle his keys, &amp; tv reporters would spend 7 days analyzing it.
do we really think he carries around keys? his pockets are probably full of fuzzy lifesavers and viagra.
trump jr. clarifies "gas chamber" remark was not about holocaust. grotesque, but explanation is plausible enough.
plausible???? you did see his picture of the green frog on his twitter acct right benjy? it is the alt-right symbol for racists
friday selfie as i walk home.
tired from a long week? have a good weekend.
does that make friday the new saturday?
something like that
he can't even spell "honor" because he has none.
wow, donald. we're so happy for you. you get a gold star on your forehead. good boy.
lieeesss from the pit of hell
dude, we're playing at 8 and i work til 6, do that math - no way i can get drunk enough in that time to make it entertaining.
can i help with this?
only if you teach the staff of a certain major it publisher that not everything that is produced by a program is a screen shot ;)
talking + more w/ live now! : : :
niners need a ricky waters. but he cant be cloned
happy birthday to my beautiful best friend love you so much hope you have an amazing day xoxoxox
i love you so much thank you
yeah definitely should use it more often. it makes it way easier to see all the stream you wanna watch and not a bunch of tabs
well the reason i dont use it often is cause i usually just like focusing on one stream. im very picky
moore is gonna drive me effin crazy. this is ridiculous.
that was a strike!
you already know. lols
i'll be over here praying for bayley/emma in good matches cause that would be lit
oh jesus my co-workers have some terrifying back-stories
i mean, i knew i worked with a coupla murderers, but
wasim akram makes his full appearance for the first time on ptv sports during the pak vs wi series. lala shahid afridi too. game on hai
thank you for inviting lalla, pls. keep him there forever, we do not need him in field anymore
flash to 1999 w date that was likely one night stand turned 6 years - starred at my perky breasts in his mirror. momentary narcisms.
never had these marks. not here. on my hips, yes. i liken to a rose bulb. always a plant. cut me.
trump jr. clarifies "gas chamber" remark was not about holocaust. grotesque, but explanation is plausible enough.
and if you don't believe me, watch the maddow show you complete uneducated hack. trump jr also follows white nationalists!
14. name the most recent year new years came before christmas
every year?
calls a "human leech" on senate floor
that's a pretty big word for you to use harry. if you look up leech in the dictionary there's a picture of hrc
um attention i just met love of my life oscar isaac
i made a fool of myself but i said what i needed to say life is cool he told me im very sweet
is it difficult to get my hands on those human race sneakers that you posted on today?
yeah, but more colorways are dropping in the near future.
absolutely not. character development and plot makes it great.
honestly, matt murdock is the marvel character i have the most in common with. charlie cox portrays my inner angst perfectly.
it would be an errand of mercy for bruce bochy to pull matt moore here with bases loaded, but he's one out away from qualifying for the win.
what happened?
if you watch dear zachary backwards omg the abject horror of human behavior never changes don't watch dear zachary
nobody should ever watch this film, also, this is my kid sister's favorite film
all they do is be racist, some of the answers in there are wild
i was just sitting there awkwardly.
sophia bush stay doing the most
guess she flew coach.
target has spoopy projectors for $20 for the front of your house but i bought it for my room's ceiling
this is so good.
what is exciting for you right now?
new girl returns this tuesday.
please tell me you're kidding. are you crazy?
so damn insulting. but look who said it.
now think if a person like that was in charge of our country!
he thinks he's running for king. time to put him in his place.
it would be an errand of mercy for bruce bochy to pull matt moore here with bases loaded, but he's one out away from qualifying for the win.
moore lost his focus?
til if you use autopilot pattern w/ containerpilot, don't fork pid 1 and expect your scripts to still work.
zombie reaping has been a feature of since 1.0. please file any bugs at
what a night to go! clutch hitting, moore beautiful pitching and some sweet d. yew!
yeah that 3rd was fun. but a 6 run lead is still nerve wracking with this pen.
i kind of like it because it's exposed how hollow all the complaints about more aggressive protests were
turns out the real complaint was about protesting at all
donald trump is a liar.
i can't live with this racist. i just can't!
trump jr. clarifies "gas chamber" remark was not about holocaust. grotesque, but explanation is plausible enough.
he is a straight up proven nazi style racist. and your bullshit with "it's plausible" normalizes reprehensible behavior!!
. changed the on demand content and it's a million times better! i stopped selecting a movie 10 minutes ago and can't stop watching!
i have many fond memories of watching on demand content in your living room
all you one tree hill fans should watch and vote for jana on dancing with the stars on monday
ya hannah finally got you to watch dwts
. changed the on demand content and it's a million times better! i stopped selecting a movie 10 minutes ago and can't stop watching!
send this tweet to your marketing team! frame it! aspire to this kind of reaction! maybe ditch the annoying transition music?
honored to have spent a few moments w/ this evening as he campaigned for .
thatd b cool to see d entire gang campaigning for her. xo
i'm gone see wassup pop i get payed next week
is good bruh i hope to see yo ass there we mobbin stupid deep
i really love to convince myself i don't care
it works tho so fuck it
pssh. sort of like crooked shillary's pay to play politics?
exactly. i'll pay more for that.
typical bochy, leaving him in too long. so much managing the game like a playoff game.
end of the leash.
but i don't have y'alls #'s, i didn't save carlos' either that one time he texted me :/
one time? bye it was hella not one time
having rewatched all of the harry potter movies back to back, i feel pretty strongly that half-blood prince is the best.
i'll never forgive that movie for not explaining how snape is the half-blood prince. he just says it.
you don't want child porn on your phone or computer.
or talk to one either... go to bed it's late.
sad when your mum tried to abort you
u dedicate your account to a 20 year old man who makes yt videos for a living just let that sink in
lmfao what has she done now?
some guy was harassing her on a plane. she wrote a lengthy post on sm about it.
to people who think they're ugly, if you go to another country they'll probably think you're hot af. don't lose hope
some people don't see that they're really not unattractive. true.
open bar slaying my existence
water in between and you shall live forever.
y'all should see how big of an apartment you can get at sf rent rates in san diego. shit's wild.
hell, you should see what sf prices gets you in nyc. it's nuts what it costs here \_()_/
12 more hours until our vacation begins. until then, sleep, packing, and town yard sale in the morning.
where are you going on vacation?
cruz and mccain were both talked about a few days then nothing. pbo was harassed for years by trump
so frustrating the "deplorables" are a terrible subset. what the h&amp;ll is with the rest of them?
i'm praying for emma to sdlive tbh. it's just the right place, right time. the dance partners she'd have.
i mean yea just trying to be optimistic.. unless emma is snatching charlotte's spot.. put her on sd
wrapping up now at with closing statements.
. touts his endorsements from police, fire, teachers.
i mean, i was aware it existed as a thing without looking it up. it's been in movies, tv, etc.
benjy all your piece demonstrates is you are a lazy hack who doesn't do his research.
for the record, i don't think women will play in the majors anytime soon. too many hurdles to overcome, regardless of talent.
makes that new series pitch on fox so intriguing
and the long day of moving is complete. it was all worth it to see my cat's shitty attempt to hide from the movers.
what a great curtain! i have the same
literally u two
true except both libras
not even that's you
haha whatever
direct quote "but there is no evidence that clinton herself or her campaign spread the story."
trump birther 2011-present. period.
how to stop that one friend snapchatting everything...
you would do this to me
yes i did caught that. revis won the battle lol. i'm sure at some point they'll both make up see revis and sherman lol
he responded in a great way lol. jr needs to worry about finding a job
i had...a lot of lemonade
that might be it lmao
is upstate ny as bad as i hear?
mostly yes. otherwise, worse than you hear.
i mean, i was aware it existed as a thing without looking it up. it's been in movies, tv, etc.
five fucking minutes of research you'd see jr has a long history of racist comments and associations
can someone on the left please chime in like clockwork and say that everyone talking about blumenthal being a douche is an anti-semite?
that's not how any of this works
how far are you? do you want me to sign you up?
nah, just run it without me. i'm still coming. just gonna be really late.
september 15, 2016 kitchen sink // twenty one pilots
september 16, 2016 chocolate // the 1975
i wish i didnt. but im in michigan racists &amp; nra even union guys vote red
that's why i left mi the moment i graduated. a lot of people don't know that there is (or was)
did only select people get this?
oh, guess it is lol i thought it was for everyone
yeah i am what's wrong with that ?
nothing cause i am too , you ain't peep the location
trippy. brain is having trouble parsing that image.
see the follow up video.
i mean, i was aware it existed as a thing without looking it up. it's been in movies, tv, etc.
which could easily conclude his statement was referencing most likely nazi gas chambers
no one would ever type that, they'd literally be dependent on the app to detect that it's u they wanna tag. lol
in a perfect world
i can't believe hanase is an option for the v-jump poll of the best ygo! duels
i hope people in japan aren't memelords and vote with their hearts...
right??? "i'm a school teacher. and i work at a gas station. we have a budget of $2 million dollars." what???????
you should watch house hunters tiny home edition. it's more "we have a family of five and are looking for 150 square ft or less"
don't be sensitive...be better...respect that someone got you an let that feeling remind you to not let it happen again.
bro you are one of the worst nba defenders going at one of the best cb ever sit down n roll one
you deserve a great deal on a great network. order your and get the power of verizon lte advanced.
instead of credit applied towards the bill, can a gift card be issued?
you know nothing about me, i used to think like you, then i researched it. it's not that hard to figure it out.
thank you, colombo. good night, david. pray for the kids jerry molested, who became men and overcame real trauma.
these pics are so good, wouldve loved to've seen a scene shot there
me too! rev knapp would've looked great at our pulpit!
oh shit link up ?
see ya there (^:
what an emotional journey packed into the first 10 minutes of up.
yup, more than most movies can pack into 2 hours.
deplorable alex jones on obama: 'he's the devil with a brown face sent to screw you' via
dude is going to bust hell right open....
most people say avatar is his best.. i think that shit was overrated. dope concept, mediocre execution.
i like avatar. actually seen that in 3d. both good films tho
lmao some random drunk girl just fuckin walked on the tour bus and asked for a picture wtf is real life
isn't that kinda what is commonly referred to as "living the dream?"
i wish i didnt. but im in michigan racists &amp; nra even union guys vote red
a on 8 mile road in detroit/ferndale.
you deserve a great deal on a great network. order your and get the power of verizon lte advanced.
i remember when i purchased the 6 plus i got a $300 gift card when i traded in my previous iphone.
. touts his endorsements from police, fire, teachers.
laurie manuel says she wants an inclusive city.
you tell me. starts 10am eastern, ends at 5pm. get in early and get a good seat!
what part of " all day " do you not understand you miserable bastard? is all day!
i wonder how much money i'm saving by sneezing and blowing my nose into a tshirt instead of a kleenex.
there's tons of things you can blow into shirts to save kleenex's.
don't be sensitive...be better...respect that someone got you an let that feeling remind you to not let it happen again.
dude going to the hof and you not even making all star games
thanks, man, happy to hear you enjoyed it!
lol i think i more than enjoyed it. tried getting the press kit, faceplate &amp; pewter mug but never could
send this tweet to your marketing team! frame it! aspire to this kind of reaction! maybe ditch the annoying transition music?
for those unfamiliar with on demand content, they tell you about their shows. they made it look like a show! with actor interviews!
"errand" wow! cool word!
you did not watch old star trek reruns as a kid, did you jeremy? (it's ok, you probably had a fuller social life, too.)
laurie manuel says she wants an inclusive city.
. says he believes developer money needs to be kept out of council's pockets.
depressing realization: my friends use made up words like "casted"
smart people make up words all the time. shakespeare did it.
but who will denounce clinton as disturbed? | clinton: gop leaders should denounce 'disturbing behavior' from trump
get over it. the warmonger hrc will e potus. no blacks for birther no latino for wall no female to end pp
how can you prove otherwise?
with 5 fucking minutes of research of jr's twitter acct and watching a ten minute segment on the maddow show
get the popcorn
already got ice cream
yeah. my buddy is an alabama and patriots fan.
. it was your disgusting racist candidate who pushed this birther lie for 6+ years! where's apology?
they want to try and put it on hrc.....not gonna happen. trump is on his own
but but my kid is back to school
i have wedding pictures from last year that need fresh likes
thank you. sr# 6217027 the city will dispatch to the responsible agency for response as soon as possible. ^la
water is still leaking from sidewalk. what's the status on this?
when and team kill you...
when you make a 2010 meme
notice how i said "i'm a cottage though." i'm so silly.
hahaha i missed that. i've only met you that one time though, i dunno your life. have fun being a cottage!
the 2016 jenga world champion is latvian and i just spent 4 hrs playing him on skype. privileged to learn at the feet of this humble master.
if you play sober it's cheating. you better not have cheated on the pregame breathalyser.
i wish i didnt. but im in michigan racists &amp; nra even union guys vote red
you just keep doing the right thing donna. i believe in americans like you!
this is so lit
she's ready
push the dog off!
who could disturb such an angel?
krishna is your inner voice, your soul, your guiding light and if you let your life in his hands you have nothing to worry
lord krishna tells you perform your karma,i will give you the result.perform it without any complex.he will deliver
click here for more pictures: add me on snapchat: imjuicyass
you are the most hottest porn star ever.
thank u brey
you're welcome
you know the "accounts" concept that underpins mail, calendar, contacts, etc?
turns out you need at least one of those apps installed to access that basic os feature.
the only recipe you need for :
. just made some, fantastic!
i got you this season
let's go to the home opener, i don't even care if we get peasant seats
is ios 10 worth the update?
it's fun at first
some of people i feel privileged to work alongside every day:
it's mutual
clinton foundation
no blacks for irther no latino for wall no female to end pp
- i couldn't speak for them but i would think they're concerned less about words and more about actions.
that's fair, though words matter. in any case:
looks like the fishermen have stopped for the day. we'll continue to update. 2016.09.17 - 1:00pm
lunchtime? f*ckers.
this is a lie!
pls block him
matt moore loads bases and walks one home but gets out of inning with just one run. 8-2 middle 5th
. so proud of matt moore for keeping his cool and getting the last batter out. good on bochy for having faith in him.
list of u.s. senators who voted to cut the pensions of u.s. military veterans.
there was an important footnote you left out for the sake of spin.
i watch a bunch of streams usually and switch back and forth so multitwitch makes it easy lol
lol yeah that makes sense then
how can you prove otherwise?
5 seconds, literally this took me 5 seconds worth of research. watch benjy
us screening dates and venues.
,excited! my first kathniel movie. my friend is a rabid jadine now a kathniel convert.
that's a little "trick" people tell you to do if baby is less active some days- eat something sweet&amp;get ready for a party.
less active to the point you're worried about it.
thanks man! i'm hoping the weather holds out for us.
going for a few days or a week?
depressing realization: my friends use made up words like "casted"
also i hate you both ( )
thank you. love from colorado
how on earth is someone's birth place a racist question? we are losing the whole meaning here
...or is it just, "caltrain"?
oh! caltrain! i call it failrail. if only it was even a tenth as good as in germany!
he worked for the foundation not her genius
wait- so you believe he "consulted" for the foundation? if you believe that there's little hope.
how can you prove otherwise?
and after watching this go to trump jr's twitter, go through it all and see hisracist ties
snowden (2016) is the most offensively unendearing movie i've seen in like three years.
there are three bright spots of keith stanfield looking like a substitute teacher, quinto snarling out the name janine, and nicholas cage.
whuh? the devil gave eve a bikini top? wtff
c'mon... read your bible!
holy shit you're 20?
how old did you think i was
. says he believes developer money needs to be kept out of council's pockets.
. promises he won't approve new dev that will harm schools. says council needs to stand up to developers/make them pay more $$
she knows spin when she sees it: the incredible (&amp; her baby bump) are on with !
kerry just delivered her real-life version of olivia pope. badaaasss woman.
it's already a thing: acrhive on ig
not quite bc acrhive pics are in like, concrete, urban structures etc. im talkin like at a whole foods or church
., &amp; push back fiercely on trump surrogate who says birtherism hasn't been campaign issue
she is on fire! fabulous!
the body is a prism
rainbow connection
you tweet well for being comatose
this is my last breath tweet after four savory empanadas and three dessert ones.
did you see the keyboardist from did some of the production on the album? iii fuck with the whole album really.
it's so good i can't stop listening
why is it always midnight!?!
it wasn't like an hour ago
this is a lie!
i love how even through alll of that somehow im still talking about brad in this wild scenario. lmao fur youre fine
how can you prove otherwise?
you will clearly see that jr's gas chamber comment was clearly in reference to nazi germany and not usa's
meek can't catch a break. don't got one damn friend in the industry.
fun fact- i once knew about 99 percent of the lyrics to 300 bars and runnin
. promises he won't approve new dev that will harm schools. says council needs to stand up to developers/make them pay more $$
cullen tiernan says emphasis on communication and transparency will be his priority.
swear i'm going to be 's manager one day
it's really happening, wait on it
. and the doubleheader
. add in some for a good low key saturday
let's see how many people feel the need to correct you andy.... fucking twitter...
hey i can't get the score and the episode title right. priorities.
moore, righetti and posey having a lengthy mechanical discussion in the dugout, which the lefty apparently will take to the mound in the 6th
if he can get it together, one more inning would be nice.
there are three bright spots of keith stanfield looking like a substitute teacher, quinto snarling out the name janine, and nicholas cage.
actually, quinto entire performance is just a marvel.
holy hell! you are insane! lol
i prefer " dedicated to sharing honeys" , but " insane" if you must. so be it..you miserable bastard!
the nike+ bands don't look as odd in person. so, um... here's a picture i guess?
hmmmmmm. still a little weird. but much better for sure.
you on whatsapp? never know
not for the past week.. if you saved my number maybe you'd know tho
driver killed on 101 when brass nut crashed thru windshield id'd as louis schaefer,82, of mountain view
how big is this thing? anything for scale?
at least stop by to say hi.
thanks, michael!
im sleeping on a bunk bed tonight, this is nice.
top or bottom?
selling 2 tickets to the beyonc concert tomorrow in santa clara. dm me if interested!!
what section are they in?
bet you $20 the only way she gets back into the wh is as a tourist.
deam on. no irther fascist racist in hw. no lacks latinos or female.
that would be awesome
you sure you don't work with pokemon lol
it's that time of the year:
plz send share with me
being unfaithful to whiskey tonight. almost gone off this henny
thought you didn't drink henny man i know you better than you know you......yeah,
oh wait haha i'm caught up now. but i actually like the night shift since i'm on my phone in the dark a lot
and at least you can still control music from there by swiping right and on the lock screen
hhh built up owens, zayn, balor, joe, nakumara, aires, cesaro, charlotte, sasha, bayley and many more. i trust him at the helm
between owens, rollins, reigns,joe,and every cat who came out of nxt,if trips were to really have control..classic feuds
he worked for the foundation not her genius
glenn- this is the thinking you are unwittingly (i hope) enabling. "he worked for the foundation." indeed.
utilities may be an issue
perfect: off-the-grid! can help with that!
if the machines are already rigged to change trump votes to her votes. what then?
info here on how we can prevent hrc from doing
im sleeping on a bunk bed tonight, this is nice.
i understand if that's too personal.
. and i are already planning out our song and dance routines for the camps to keep up morale
there are some seriously shitty people out there.
anyone want this lil cat friend? $20 and it's your's!
wow, that's awesome!
for those against a border wall... i urge you to remove all of the locks from the doors and windows of your homes,
what i always say to the open border peeps !
bet you $20 the only way she gets back into the wh is as a tourist.
they did not pass romney for the birther
did you make it into the ocean today? just curious! hope you are enjoying ca.
nah, tomorrow is beach day. today was devoted to the zoo.
you unfollowed me thou lmao klk!
because you don't use twitter ma, hola
almost changed my instagram handle to
i'm so stupid and i don't deserve an account on any social networks (and neither do any of u)
it was vile. but was it more vile than attacking a gold star mother. or attacking a judge for his heritage? or or..
the man is vile through and through. and an existential threat to the u.s.
fab five rt : name all the players in this picture
eric dampier, antwan jamison, calbert cheany, chris mills, &amp; bobby sura
great story by on the lifesaving actions by the dps aero team:
joke about kidnapping yuriko robinson disabled senior and dying in stones for id theft not funny. clearfield pepp. property.
how can you prove otherwise?
@ it's lazy assed hack reporters like you who don't give 2 shits about fact or finding truth that are giving press a bad rep
top, here's a pic
i don't see ceiling cat.
cullen tiernan says emphasis on communication and transparency will be his priority.
marty froomin says "what is affordable" in current economic climate?
blessings fallen from above , see he still on his shit
wait until i show you my new baby boi
them watches, bags, cars. unless you somehow managed to be a millionaire at 21 don't flex it. it's not your hard work.
parents money...
+1 to this. no solid evidence that you can pin tightening polls on "deplorables," pneumonia, etc.
how about to clinton foundation emails? i've wondered if tightening wasn't lagging effect of that.
'rhoc' news: tamra judge thinks brooks, vicki are made for each other
now that is what i would call a real christian thing to say. not
you insult me and you insult master yul when you suppose either of us would cloud our minds or fingers with hooch.
you need to challenge yourself, jason. i could boot both your asses if i had a clear head. who ever heard of such a thing
plus having that depth isn't stupid. you need to prepare in case someone can't go, well there's emma on sdl.
i'm with you, just will be curious how they handle two competitive feuds while having nattie and naomi there..
i've used it multiple times for early morning runs as we don't have a shower in the office... so there's that.
cheaper than a membership to 24 hour or equinox?
hannah you're so cute and i'm happy you're having such a great time!!
thanks i miss you so much !!!!
would you prefer natural animal and vegetable sex?
organic would be best
where are we in this strange race for president?
fl is gone red not sure about ohio. this is my map
debate: to perform spinal taps on patients or not: vs 's aaron miller
wish i was there 2 hear this. look forward 2reading it after living with 4 30yrs
i believe it's this one...
i think so too. a leica t model. thanks!!
i know many veterans who receive great, quick, free care at va. my father is one of them
i'm another one, very happy and grateful for the care that i receive at the va. i see trump as a threat to that care.
time for my date with
i recorded dateline and watched 20/20. that was a really good one.
there are some seriously shitty people out there.
i didn't mean you! these trolls. ugh.
marty froomin says "what is affordable" in current economic climate?
froomin says he is here because he cares about his community and wants to give something back. hopes voters will throw a vote his way.
my 12 yo daughter is going thru ur halloween catalog &amp; commented that it's a bit sexist
she asked why boys baseball have pants but girls have skirts w glitter.
plus having that depth isn't stupid. you need to prepare in case someone can't go, well there's emma on sdl.
and the more people they add doesn't mean we'll get more women's segs.. it means somoene is joining superstars
&lt;---the heck is that?! where is my closed eyes insolently toothy grin smiley?!!
&lt;----this but genuinely smiling eyes. this thing just looks like when you check your teeth for spinach in the mirror.
i worked like 10 hours this week and just bought a drink.. that's about half my pay check.
about to be me
should christian and i be harley quinn and the joker for halloween?
okay should i be harley quinn and christian be g eazy?
here is one of the poems (necklaces) being worn with a hoodie and a second necklace :)
yay! i like how long it is on you nice on the black too!!
moore, righetti and posey having a lengthy mechanical discussion in the dugout, which the lefty apparently will take to the mound in the 6th
i guess you are wrong. cause williamson is pitch hitting
the elctorate is the real trick
must win electoral votes. important you check
froomin says he is here because he cares about his community and wants to give something back. hopes voters will throw a vote his way.
rakesh sharma says shares community positions, including chair of ohlone community college board.
you guys seem hurt trump is gonna win this. it's ok
for the sake of my knowledge please tell me how you expect a candidate to win only carrying the white male dem.
does anyone else want to make a musical?
um yes hi im right here
i'm type drunk and i just cleaned up a load of piss off the toliet seat just so i can sit down and tweet in peace.
*sips sex on the beach*
confession time? here's what i got a curious creator i~open~sourced a-plot a private dic~tator now i call the shot(s)
*a fear of death follows from fearing life. one who lives wholly is prepared 2 die at any time.* quantum memory, d.n.a.
all the best content i see on facebook starts from a syndicated tweet. not that i'm biased or anything.
do you mean syndicated social media?
imma send in my shit for the internship this week
out in brooklyn too lit rn
this is cool, but both the parent and philosopher in me cringe at the negative incentives this establishes.
this also teaches how to speak up which many people do not have the courage to do
who out there looking for work besides jr as we hit late sept?
i think mario chalmers, kurt hinrich, and i was going to say lance stephenson but he signed with the pelicans
any celebrity name i see trending i start freaking out over. too many gone this year.
though i saw corey feldman trending earlier and actually got excited... lol
to the world. no where will be safe if he wins.
i am so sick about the shut that is going on. i mean literally sick. fucking neo-nazi upsurge because of this egomaniac.
promised 1 yr ago to sketch for a friend; spaxe~ &gt;//&lt; *first try plz don't judge me..this is how i draw dragons~
this looks great!!
nah, tomorrow is beach day. today was devoted to the zoo.
and i'm having a wonderful time. :)
stand clear of the closing doors and pay attention to new possible courtesy campaign for pregnant women
we should always ask, we shouldn't have to be told to ask a woman with child if they want to sit. just offer the seat
then i can't sell the manual guide with it
fuck bro, can i get it for the $35 then
for want of a cwd, the sanity was lost.
somebody deleted your current working directory? that would drive me insane, too!
's holds court with post
great dinner
there was an important footnote you left out for the sake of spin.
you trump folks love to mislead the gullible.
we have many farmers and too much time on our hands
also a whooooole lotta bears.
she asked why boys baseball have pants but girls have skirts w glitter.
how come boys r football players &amp; girls cheerleaders? she says she has a friend-girl who plays football
i just love coming home to this little guy!
i don't blame you.
rakesh sharma says shares community positions, including chair of ohlone community college board.
sharma says he'll work to control the rapid growth in the city, revitalize historic districts. protect quality of life.
trumps actions never resulted in the death of thousands of americans and he never kissed a kkk member
puke so very creepy
haha! a quiet because my girl is " i think is quietly celebrating"
i really hope we got this.
yes that's correct.
confirmed. nice. yes. good.
&lt;---the heck is that?! where is my closed eyes insolently toothy grin smiley?!!
&lt;--- this one is the too-cute-to-be-a-good-guy you avoid on tinder.
i'm having a tough time tonight if you could maybe be nice for once
i hope dryhop was nice
show some love for the lovely
so beautiful
our reactions to stimuli aren't logical. at best, we can attempt to make sense of them and then act accordingly, but how can we be certain?
sounds like you should start reading some philosophy of mind and metaphysics soon
yes but.... clinton did smear obama numerous times
im against racism no matter who spews it
it looks like nattie vs naomi is next. in the "i would be champ right now if it wasn't for you" angle.
will that get a third seg tho?
i wish i was an player.
i wish i had their money.
i screenshot this video preserving the date and time showing obama blaming hillary for birther movement
happy you found it...she's the master of lying!
kanye west offers his definition of success, compares himself to will ferrell's "elf"
my definition of success is dropping a charlie sheen-level tweet and being like, 'i am in debt and f- you.' now what?"
i think tech swag startups are weird, but then i remember that levi's was started during the gold rush selling jeans to miners.
the best (and first) was valleyschwag. all others are imposters. :)
there's someone in my curiouscat inbox trying to tear down my mutuals lmao i'm not even gonna post them anymore because i'm not going to+
give that shit attention tbh. i'm just as bad if i spread that bad energy on my timeline.
yet you still haven't addressed facts given to you by a non-psu grad, il and ut. velly inetelesting...
fact: mcqueary told joepa what he saw in showers. fact: joepa told curley, a suit without joepa's power. fact: he knew.
ash was always a blob, all of the anime he was in a coma, dreaming about an adventure, now he's in school like he should be
lmfao, literally the first thing he does when he wakes up from his coma is this "oh no, i'm late for class"
happy birthday to the future mrs.! i love you princes
thank you handsome, i love and miss you very much
i've mainly used my stethoscope to listen to my dogs' heartbeats hahaha
let me know if you want to practice while i'm in town lol
ran 3.6 mi on my 36th bday w/this babe. workin a lifelong taper. take notes
well done, jt. it's better than the alternative ;)
utilities may be an issue
chicago podcast coop west!
ranked by publish what you fund two years in a row unmatched accomplishment
ranked by publish what you fund two years in a row unmatched accomplishment
no advanced a.i.s there. also no coordinated global government networked by circuitry to disrupt.
good point but still they have a military and ships. that in itself could cause a issue.
$twtr is now top free app in the ; a steady climb from
twtr was always for me,tnf your eyes to the now.
"he's so tall." my three-word bridget jones review, whispered several times to .
. that's my review. i kinda want to see it again sometime. i feel like it's one i can own.
there's no option to turn repeat off tho.
just kidding i found it!! that was confusing. thanks
anonymous said: antis: "louis and danielle are gonna move into the $10m house" liam: *posts from it*...
what a bunch of whiny babies the antis are, they are so threatened by larry!
2v2 famas only w/
lucky ass idiots
me regarding my phone and this "upgrade".
you're scaring me
"crown heights gets weird"
never much love when we go ot
i'm gonna do this to fedna lmaoooo
lmaoooooooo even that prob won't let her stop snap-chatting
ur not special
wow way to ruin the moment
but 75 years being shortened to 9-13 years total, seems off
charges were dropped apparently
you can only fight them for so long before you realize that you actually have lots in common with bears
enjoyment of honey, love of the outdoors, vague bipedalism, etc
huffpollster: hillary clinton facing rising concerns about her health
hillary's health is all the dang media talked about for almost a week. no wonder folks polled have an issue...come on huff...
&lt;--- this one is the too-cute-to-be-a-good-guy you avoid on tinder.
it was the only grinning smiley i used.
kiss sa cheek is considered kamanyakan? oh wow!
that was a very tender and sweet kiss. why so full of hatred?
trump says clinton bodyguards should disarm and 'let's see what happens to her': donald trump suggested frida...
the fascist rcist sexist birther will not e elected. warmonger hrc will
nice job mura!!! just try to screw him on pcs again judges...
they did...
angular universal 2.0.x released with angular 2.0.0 finial
now supports server-side rendered material components.
working on a moonrise shot
can't wait to see what you come up with and post on fb! loved seeing it rising behind some mountains in east san jose.
oh i should have recorded 20/20. dateline was mainly good tonight because keith was there.
20/20 was one of the better ones that i have seen in a while. maybe you can get it on demand.
i mean it's all a bit odd tbh haha but waffles sound good that's about it
is that a yes
breaking down field, style:
congrats to the 8 drivers who made the inaugural trucks chase!
y u say that ?
you not following his nonsensical rantings
fun fact: the next time we drink together, i'm going to make you spit them.
i promise nothing in terms of quality since it's been about 8 years since i last listened to it...but challenge accepted.
he's tired. let him sleep. don't tell him his genitals are poking out of his pants.
i've seen that guy on market street ... he does that stuff a lot.
you *corrected* the article on 9/09 but will wait to *correct* article on 9/12?!? doesn't make sense.
why did you block charlene, ? she exposed your .
your instagram aesthetic is giving me life at the moment
bless up this is what i live for
thx for the pic and tweet. are there many people in stanford apple store today? is it still available to buy a 7+ tmr?
not that many. i am not sure about their supply
how i feel like i look to dudes cos y'all just wanna play
look at that eyebrow tho
so... i'm going to look at this every time i'm sad. thanks for perennial pick-me-up .
aw that's so nice! &lt;3
the lightning headphones sound better than the old 3.5mm ones
ok. keep saying that and it might come true.
oweee, i might get another one otk my homeboy dog just had puppies i'm thinkin bout it
what kind ? i got a doberman pup i just need to get his ears clipped
how much do you know about your irish ancestors? be proud
speak about their last revolution first
give that shit attention tbh. i'm just as bad if i spread that bad energy on my timeline.
it isn't a place where you talk shit about people on anon for some sort of self-gratification like its a burn book or some shit lmao
just 5.7 percent of clinton foundation budget actually went to charity
this is a lie, 86.9 percent goes to charity.
i hate you all
maybe one day irps
when you were 16 and they said looked like ellen
nice earing
it isn't a place where you talk shit about people on anon for some sort of self-gratification like its a burn book or some shit lmao
grow some balls!
i like the new home button! it's not better per se, but pleasantly different (for me).
what color phone did you end up going with?
looking around norris cole, tyler hansborugh, jj hickson, gary neal, and shaqtin legend k-perkins
i would take a look at norris cole or gary neal if i was the knicks.
i've noticed that the unsolved mysteries dvds are soo expensive, damn them! that show should be widely available.
it's a shame. i would love to own the set. that show is probably the reason i got into the strange and unusual
yet you still haven't addressed facts given to you by a non-psu grad, il and ut. velly inetelesting...
fact: more than 23 accused sandusky of sex abuse. fact: 10 testified under oath against him. fact: jury found him guilty
you love my favourite book as much as i do. that makes you good people.
pete is one of my favorite people... ever.
remember when we broke into your house to steal milk so i could make us pancakes back at my place?
very vividly. that was a deleted clip off man adventures 67
i'm a little late but happy birthday ilysm i hope it was a good one
aw thank you!! ily too
i just rolled my first second!
my first cigarette sorry ladies i am just drunk and can't tweet!
"cosplay never looked so purr-ty "
check this out meow
trump said it so now it's a fact
. i always suspected obama may be a us citizen: now my suspicions are confirmed.
never much love when we go ot
time to pray i make it back in one piece.
pumpkin pie is so bomb. i don't understand how people don't like it lol
it's gross!!
when i've tucked my last kid into bed...
its the same for some dads :)
we didn't have time to stage door but always fabulous getting to see you kill it onstage!
no worries! thanks for coming!
streaming qb until i get brady. options this week... mariota, garoppolo, cutler, matt ryan, mccown, alex smith. pick 1
i'd take mariota. detroit's defense is beatable, and even when he played bad last week, he still had 15+ fps.
the clinton foundation is an operating foundation which funds its own programs, not a grant-making foundation.
the clinton foundation uses 86.4 percent on charity work, better than most charities.
i'll contribute 200$ more to the stop-mansplainers fund
that all goes to hillary, right?
sacrificed my first callus to the pull up bar today. r.i.p. i'll spare y'all from the photos.
but how's the orchid?
i just am for many reasons lol
i'm not there tho?
first indie wrestling show i ever went too was fucking stacked. no wonder i loved it.
dawg i was here too
it's a shame. i would love to own the set. that show is probably the reason i got into the strange and unusual
i use to watch it every day after school. oh the good memories
yeah. don't you just hate it when that happens?
i don't associate with people who rt trash so no
oweeeee you a hoeee! a red nose
if you do get a girl so you can breed em they gonna come out nasty on moms
i don't think we ever did right by chicago.
one of obama's hometowns &amp; his zionist buddy emmanuel... poisons water &amp;.allows genocide to continue
haha. love you though boots, you're a good dude.
i try to be a good person every day - in the morning i say a personal prayer to be good to others today &amp; to be able to help another.
is it important cosby is accused of crimes while joepa is accused of ignoring them?
what's that saying from elie wiesel, nobel laureate and holocaust survivor: "the opposite of love isn't hate; it's indifference"
it makes me cringe high key like denzel curry and pouya have more enjoyable styles that fit there voice
curry is flames! pouya sneak switched his flow...i didn't really like underground underdog
on , my article on this amazing grape: "grenache returns to bask in the california sun"
nice to meet you tonight and taste your wonderful wine -- although, i dream of dianthus!
election fraud is going to happen. our military has to step in for trump.
military can't do much, but can stop hrc. info here
you have an entire day of posts all ready? you are nuts!
day? i have next 10 days of midday honeys, ladys of the day ,other daily filler already in queue. sharing honeys =serious work!
on this edition of "nns try so darn hard to keep working": + softmax 128d hidden state of lstm for loss - oops + |v| = 11 + still ~worked
after earth is nuked from orbit, the only survivors will be twinkies, cockroaches, and partially functional neural networks.
you *corrected* the article on 9/09 but will wait to *correct* article on 9/12?!? doesn't make sense.
you *corrected* article on 9/09 but will wait to *correct* 9/12?
now we reach the point in twitter where people get accused of outright racism if they stand for the national anthem.
why does it matter what one idiot on twitter accuses the other one of?
send help...and insulin
caramel brownie?! lord yesss
and i feel bad because the two "ugly" guys on are of course the ones who aren't conventionally attractive
are they cubs?
*a fear of death follows from fearing life. one who lives wholly is prepared 2 die at any time.* quantum memory, d.n.a.
*rangers support one's country all the time, &amp; a government when it deserves it. facts are stubborn, stats are pliable*
read his statement, he finished it. are you genuinely not aware obama prduced the long form when trump chllenged?
regardless of judgement or not, after the dnc wiki leaked emails, does anybody doubt hrc did the same
you *corrected* the article on 9/09 but will wait to *correct* article on 9/12?!? doesn't make sense.
who are you protecting, why are you trying to blame the victim of runaway ?
after this chall. 4v4 ?
don't know if we got enough ppl for that
i had a beautiful evening but i'd really like to be traveling north america with wolves in the throne room, right now.
wittr just live streamed prayer of transformation, from basilica soundscape in upstate ny, &amp; they sound intensely grandiose &amp; devastating.
7:33 arrival on 715. jelly?
i get paid bulletined earnings whether it's late or not. we'll do it better next friday
i honestly can't wait to transfer!
the sooner, the better
anyway. what's on your mind tonight, twitter?
you live in nyc bro?
&lt;--false diversionary tactic. has nothing at all to do with the unjust and unwarranted media vilification of paterno.
elie wiesei: "the opposite of love isn't hate; it's indifference." feting joepa is like feting german catholic bishops from 1941-45.
the rest of the country buys bus tickets for its homeless, sends them to sf/la.
for the most part, that is factually not true.
i've been meaning to rewatch heathers for months.
god i love heathers so much!!
anyway! if y'all have some positive (non-stan twitter drama related questions) to ask me, my shit always open.
if not, you can waste your time writing negative shit and do the most to get nowhere, cus i'll just delete the shit tbh
holy hell! you are insane! lol
just get in early and get a good seat and nobody gets hurt, you got it, you miserable sob?
the prospect of one day being able to walk again without limping
being able to walk, so we can hang out again.
*laugh* nope. they don't deserve that kind of attention
:: wags tail :: i serve at the pleasure of the lady
oh no! that's horrible. were you on a bike? hope you heal quickly and as painlessly as possible.
no in another car, thank god!
for the most part, that is factually not true.
there was this one case
kevin durant throwing out the first pitch at the san francisco giants game!
but he left at the first inning
girl you look so good in black lipstick
yo you rock thank you so much
wittr just live streamed prayer of transformation, from basilica soundscape in upstate ny, &amp; they sound intensely grandiose &amp; devastating.
there's 4 bands i really love seeing live: wittr, deafheaven, alcest, &amp; opeth. i could listen to them forever.
i live in obama's state. like my voice will matter.
in mine i have pelossi, feinstein and boxer, still i call every day. don't give up your right
i saw the first few episodes of this seasons ea, they were funny. i agree the shtick is getting old, should end soon
shows should end on a high point, but they rarely do. i dont remember the last comedy that had a good, satisfying ending
i'm not even talking sliding scale once a month for 6 months, i'm talking intensive inpatient trauma therapy :(
they need to reopen a state mental hospital, then we could all live together and get treatment.
i miss my tweets saying that i tweeted from yonkers
so come back
i hate the ios gps !!
i just said the same exact shit
feature reporting took me to state beach on the gaviota coast today. i'll take it.
living the dream. oil spill related?
seeing on 's on the scene thumbnail made me squeal a little bit, and by a little i mean a lot.
and then i heard you sing and now i'm quietly weeping because your voice is so beautiful and i'm also really tired
it's the freakin concept and yes, you're offended by the phrase. good. it's 100 appropriate here.
i'm going to side with jay on this one.
for me it was unsolved mysteries, in search of, and beyond belief: fact or fiction. all of which are hard to find on dvd.
beyond belief! i loved that show.. i was always interested in stuff that can't be explained, still am.
you *corrected* the article on 9/09 but will wait to *correct* article on 9/12?!? doesn't make sense.
we have copied all the original articles, what a
who's pre-gaming? tomorrows slate of games is what we beg for in march..
you buying auburn as a 3pt favorite over a&amp;m on the road? i've been hurt before....
breaking news: the musical act for blizzcon has been canceled, instead will do 90 minutes of spoken word. two encores.
if this was true i'd actually go
i think we have to start off in the home, where are the parents, the fathers especially where are the dads?
long gone .. devastated communities in need of emergency infusion of attention...save next generation
fact:mmq didn't "see" much. fact:quizzed 2 hrs by mandated reporter dr. dranov. fact:psu reported/tsm dropped ball
fact: the most powerful man in town -- who made more than anyone at the school -- looked the other way for years. deal with it, son.
- leads self-care unit - it support - for general compound-wide sanity - i'll bring beer
ya gotta head us our socials
need help. my team's banged up. rivers or flacco, and c. michael or duke johnson?
rivers in a game that will probably be high-scoring. then duke, because michael's workload is so uncertain. rawls will start.
there was this one case
knows more. he's been covering it for 30 years?
wow, what a gorgeous picture...thank you! btw...good morning sweetheart!
good morning bb ... hope u have beatifull day :***
. is here tonight to talk + perform! plus, it's !
great show lol adam blake lol i know i know
i was tryna tell people rt : having both in hand, matte black is better than jet black
yea man joint is smooth
idgaf if the ngga got on a warrior jersey , he's still the best dressed ngga ever ok ..go be drunk
lol i was agreeing with you why you cussing me out lol
1) why is it listed in mw instead of gw 2) "forecast peak"?
because kilo-megawatt sounds cool apparently i'd gather forecast peak is the estimate of peak demand in the near future
what are we at 14 bodies for camp?
from what i remember i believe so. it will be a competitive battle for that final spot.
...but the airpods, they're *really* cool. they blow my beats out of the water - half the price and six times the battery life with the case
damnit now i'm gunna have to buy them, aren't i?
nope! actually i've never even been, oddly enough
for some reason i thought you were a new yorker!
wondering if you were even worth it.
i'm always worth it
palo alto _is_ a large compound for wealthy people
zuck should consider compounding in epa. i lived there for 6mo. opp for housing related to fb growth is there.
you *corrected* the article on 9/09 but will wait to *correct* article on 9/12?!? doesn't make sense.
you are doing the same thing that police does "hit gas instead of brake" we know the mantra!
right now
you guys were great!
you guys have the best baes
yeah try not to get fired from ciros ladies
i was rebutting daily caller article that stated fdn gave less than 10% in grants. it is not a grant making fdn.
yes :) it is actually one of the best charities, using very little of their funds for overhead.
zuck should consider compounding in epa. i lived there for 6mo. opp for housing related to fb growth is there.
that is a very complicated idea, on so many levels.
they're bigger and built differently so of course everyone is talking shit
how did i know it was gonna be these two?
for the record, hillary didn't start that shit. msnbc reporter admits he have written a print piece it came from.
diamelle and polyester are a big waste of time.
i tweeted "daddy" at a rapper i like and got a dm like one min later and your girl has never been more disappointed
my girl got hit up on multiple platforms by ferg's ugly mfin homie for 'likes' lol. he's like xzibit &amp; rocky's chud baby
everything you just said is wrong and contradicted by the actual testimony in the courtroon.
and you're supposed to be a child-protection advocate? wow. just wow.
where did you find the plus? how many gigs? no stores around here had the plus in 256 gb.
ordered online last week
see like i came across pouya through the song spice girls that him and curry did
nah peep curry's flow in this. first time i ever heard of him
it's the freakin concept and yes, you're offended by the phrase. good. it's 100 appropriate here.
the twitter piece is "commentary" like the nyt opinion piece they're both based on bias.
zuck should consider compounding in epa. i lived there for 6mo. opp for housing related to fb growth is there.
first, zuck &amp; priscilla can't even build their school bc city is up against water limits
why does everyone's boyfriends always hate on me lololol
"i'm better then you"
lmaooooo dawg, i worded that wrong
you ain't right
. do not owe anyone an apology for something that the democrats from hillary camp started in 2008.
incorrect. see twitter feed.
zero people who like good food
cough you have liked guac
so i'm going to ny tmm and its gonna be 79 degrees is that too hot to wear a bomber jacket
lol way too hot during the day, it gets a lil cooler at nighttime tho.
carmel is the honey badger of ny car services. it just doesn't care. keep trying though. i hope you get it back! x
holy god what a shower. ah sure stop, c'mere. go 'way. you wouldn't be up to them.
the best thing about today was bruschetta and goat cheese on baguette
i went to a lil' book party evita! had some white wine lol
this is how you end a really disconcerting week of presidential politics.
lest we forget "truth needs a soldier." one of the best tag lines maybe ever.
experimenting with a way to rid apps i don't use. all 211 in 2 folders on second screen. they'll be moved to the main screen as they're used
and after a few months, i can just delete the folders and keep only what i need. here's my home screen today.
i'm producer for . we'd like to invite you to participate in an online panel.
send me a dm
i'll say!... what? what did you say?...
roll it back. one of those throws was juuuuust a little outside.
night after night your voices are amazing!!!!
really really appreciate it!
a moment of silence for all of the extras that we killed the hell out of.
your tweet about the extraz just totally made me lol! , , , , , , ,
remember when was basically a third wheel to our man-date bromance and she had no idea what we were talking about?
she was there?
i miss you! hopefully i can come visit
i'm only staying a semester ! so just come by december
i said on the pod the other night that we should just drive off the cliff and embrace trump. it's what we deserve as a nation.
suicide is not the answer
dude do you want to play fall of magic with me
is this rpg we discussed at barcode?
i can get you one next week if they still have them
they had them on the last tour and were sold out at the days i was at. not sure they'll be on this tour.
today's column: giants collapsing, offense stinks, posey will never homer again. giants score 8, posey hr, 4 rbi.
you are the best, jonah.
i am concerned about starling's breathing.
cats who've just given birth normally pant like that! it aids in returning her internal organs to their normal locations.
just arrived in texas - have been informed two officers have been shot. my thoughts and prayers are with them.
when's this non sense going to stop! we can't wait for you to become pres. it has to be before!
did the whole world know that kirk cameron and candace cameron were siblings? how am i just finding this out??
you just blew my mind.
im just saying smdh man play mycareer alone this year and tell me its a roster update.
still think it's should be 39.99, but i still buy it
where's the album?!
it's out 9/30 brah
i guess people like having notification sounds for their granblue raid bosses. what's some good notification sounds that can be used freely?
the aikatsu phone ringtone
who knew dutch masters were from connecticut!! another one for the constitution state
you mean the nutmeg state
french guy next to me is trying to manspread and i am not having it.
you got to fight the powers that be
this man on this train is explaining chekhov to the women with him and and i have stopped trying not to laugh openly
. aaaaand obviously the women he's explaining the play to are the women who ... put on the play
1 day every single month i have a mental breakdown and question my entire life. just when i think it won't happen this month it does
the struggle... fear not, you two are some of the best people i know.
nah. with all this down-home southern charm? texan.
texas people are cool! very straightforward
fix the family, work on that. make sure they aren't drinking lead and better nutrition and housing.
pcan't even do that or assist to facilitate...intentional or just plain idiots who have no humanity or vision
no girl! i attract too many scorpios
well hello, i am here to enter your life and make it awesome lol. i cherish my taurus friends cus they just get me
# 918037, 50th precinct. he didn't even write his last name. just a scribble as his signature. this ofcr. should be a traffic cop.
so much for creating cpr in the bx. waste of time on my way to teach this morning
wtf dose muslim countries have to do with my american right to freedom of speech?
enemies of america aren't bound by neither does , watch video
what if the giants aren't actually bad?
almost like 50 games can be a relatively small sample
would you drop t austin for yeldon? ppr
drop austin for him. he'll be an rb3 once ivory returns, but you could use the rb depth. austin is an unappealing boom/bust guy
what a card right? that main event!
is that you in the red hat?
y'll need to meet
i have had the pleasure.
and after a few months, i can just delete the folders and keep only what i need. here's my home screen today.
although i guess it should look like this, now.
if you want to bill the person who made me gay, please send all correspondence to
i will never get over the "ride" video
seems very carefully worded to omit any hint at sudden increased speed w/ parking. reason? force pulled metal cabling.
wow charlene has been blocked by in order to protect dangling
yo that meek mill diss track slaps
fr bruh he goes hard
i love your impersonation of him
oh i'm glad you like it! i always worry if i'm too annoying i'll wear my blue pg parka for the group shot
wanted to give a heads up that i'll be posting lots of reminders about my kickstarter within the next weeks so feel free to mute me if its--
too much! just trying my best to spread the word around
word? i didn't know that rt : yeah it is, jet black scratches too easy also
feels like an iphone 5c to me lol
i don't even know a single millennial who would do this
i can understand if it is something like sady doyle tweeting at you for 12 hours straight.
day19! this is you!
still going strong ks you'll forever be my # in the i'll be sure to katey's showml&amp;r
glad you made it. thanks for sending pics govinda.
i am too i walked 20 min r 30 to see it oh man i.made every mantra to god on way and bhagwan blessed me om.hari om
wet eve just made this whole film worthwhile.
was hoping for a mud wrestling scene with lilith ... oh well!
having at the helm, the party of the young, the old, the gay, the straight and everything in between.
you are missing the racist and the xenophobes
lock up violent criminals and release petty drug arrests. reunite families and put a priority on family.
the trend is to bust up the family unit so government &amp; schools can either eliminate or brainwash next ten
first, zuck &amp; priscilla can't even build their school bc city is up against water limits
q: why else is he building schools in epa? that's where the housing growth opps are. takes time, investments.
i dont play 2v2
go figure... you need your teammates
bangkok has 10m people, 1300 homeless. san francisco has only 800k, but 6700 homeless. and only 1200 shelter beds:
homeless make more begging on street than getting a job. there's no incentive for them to work
*rangers support one's country all the time, &amp; a government when it deserves it. facts are stubborn, stats are pliable*
*facts first, then distort them as one pleases. forgiveness is the fragrance a violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it.*
i got no words of hope...worrying about kids...finances...jobs....darned merry-go-round just goes faster. good coffee helps.
indeed. college grad speech: "i'd like to thank the good people at folger's for making this possible."
nice. just picked this up last week
you working on anything? we're discussing punk bar gig nov/dec ish. our show. can add fun band to bill. reunion?
so whatcha think of my twitter header
eh. it's alright. i guess. not as cool as mine though. :p
i might not get to doodle professionally right now -but thankfully there's lots of scrap paper around the shop
that's awesome, bro. my friend is getting me into dnd.
ima need an update with my last name in the game because stapleton ain't gonna cut it this year.
bostich? swingline?
better than heroin cough syrup? idk
pimp c thought so...
sad, no memories with ?
thick as thieves we once were
a gay man and a hispanic woman went door knocking for today. you tell me.
your both deplorables! good job!
a faucet which drips 60/min will waste 5-10 gallons/day. please report water leaks...
we've been trying to report a water leak for the last two hours and have received no response from you or our super
puc audience needs to take notes, we need guys in speedos cheering for us too
if we were allowed to even do half the things we wanted we would be suspended or kicked out lol
senator refuses to stand during pledge of allegiance via
then she is a senator of "what"? certainly not the united states of america?!
just so you guys know, tonight's performance isn't a regular "concert" i don't go on until 12 midnight. it's a club show. come to party
is it too late to get a ticket??
hicksville is in the center of nassau county on long island. nassau is next to queens on the east side
as far as our proximity to nyc, it's apx 32 miles due west
i had the most heavenly filet mignon upon a fried potato at the old homestead on 14th &amp; 9th...i highly recommend!
oooh, send me a gift certificate to eat there!! yum!
end of 3rd quarter: eagles 15, vikings 0
final: eagles 28, vikings 0. a strong performance by a strong football team
when it comes to 2k u have to dive into all the modes. black top, myteamm mycareer pro aim.
yeah i'm all about franchise and season for sports games. the game is gorgeous tho, wish i had a hdr
does believe "the views of one nation to a degree are the views of many in rank &amp; file of the lnp"?
not enough &amp; i wish wasn't pm, but he's saying more than the pm last time hanson was in parliament
or was this the reason you blocked me?
i can not believe has blocked charlene, . who are you trying to protect??
! stronger than the false media narrative!
it's all about them wins, will. it's always been about the wins.
hi, suzy! it seems like forever since we tweeted at one another. like your pic with kris
thank you :) hoping to get a new one at with his beard :d yes it's been a while, life has been getting in the way
i'm obsessed with u tbh
wait stop ily
kenyon whatchu doin
this what my tl always looks like d:
we've been trying to report a water leak for the last two hours and have received no response from you or our super
causing significant damage to our bathroom. this is a problem we've reported multiple times and you have not fixed it
just noticed the full lineup for my bday shenanigans &amp; someone's gonna have to throw my limp body in the east river
i know a guy...
i would rewrite its history, but with other characters and give you credits. yes or no
hmmm i'm going to say no for now until i can look into it. sorry.
bday in like now happy birthday bfff have fun tonight be safe love you always
i love you nest friend im a littlw shmizzed
is trending because of a new tv series that is apparently about larries and fan-fictions.
daamn!!! fiction comes to life
cats and rodents top the league table of invasive predators responsible for most extinctions in global meta-analysis
hmm, thought there was some sort of ape on the top of that heap.
. is here tonight to talk + perform! plus, it's !
i have a girlfan crush on miley jimmy miley is so amazing
the best way to be at a wedding!
it was a good way to be and a a good wedding! a couple people were legit surprised i went to a wedding so soon after
exactly. the ladies omitted because she's a real socialite and they don't measure up.
sonja morgan is a firecracker. i just really sense a personality conflict between her and dorinda.
trump now leads by more than 6 pts in national , ahead of clinton with likely voters in all age groups
kelly let's not get cocky. best way to approach things as if your losing! but you know that. just reinforcing!
except my cat. i got her in walkill. she's the shit.
that's dope i have a cool cat from wallkill too tho lol and a couple cool homies
trying really hard to figure out if i'm genuinely happy[/in a very good mood despite] or in some kind of manic extreme of the spectrum.
the general observation has been that people who don't ask themselves that are way happier.
don't try to "kill"or discredit the messenger, tony la russa. listen to the messsage that so many white americans need to hear.
skip. thanks brother.
. how would you feel about being a guest on my podcast ?
thank you for offering! let me give it a listen and i'll be in touch
happy birthday bihh i've known you since we was like 10 and we growing old now miss you have a blessed day
i'm 19 shit is crazy! thank you baby!
in case of emergency, break glass. links to all of my work on the "irish slaves" meme in a public facebook post.
his work is freaking amazing.
tfw your fandoms come together.
he does remind me a little bit of scotty.
water is still leaking from sidewalk. what's the status on this?
i am expecting to see this thread return on october 20.
thank you. but jason had a problem with critique of south park from poc, too.
i guess i missed that convo... i'm just glad you're both sharing in discussions about it
cutting thru media's bs/reaching ppl who care about protecting kids is meaningful work, thanks for the compliment!
so you deign to believe 3 different victims lied? and you believe the most powerful man in happy valley protected abused children?
i'll be free this saturday, any of my internet friends want to graduate to real life friends? cc
. who else lives in sf?
i strongly recommend her
i love this
wow... thanks, i'm speechless... this is how mistakes should be handled... quick and clean!... thanks!
wow , you are the best. i love how peeps respond to you.
no thank you.
love that glow. do the colors change? is there an app for that?!
in fort thomas it is against the for dogs to molest cars!
as it should be.
can someone dox me so i can find my father
i'm right here son
how do you forget someone telling you they. shot. their. dad.
you could tell she was lying and being evasive the whole time while talking to keith, even before the "surprise" at the end
i am now 3-0 all time when going to st games
final score?
i'm thinking about the full moon, at least
my lens is dirty and i don't care
hicksville is in the center of nassau county on long island. nassau is next to queens on the east side
ny is usually cold from nov to april with very few exceptions. oct and may are a crapshoot!
apparently there's another miami show tomorrow bc i'm being asked to attend. a no thanks to that kinda audience
go it will be fun
truth...but the offense is alive. matt looks like he has one more inning in him. things feel good. let's be happy.
so good to see gerald back, pence hot and even belt doing damage.
thirteen ghosts (2001). viewing inspired by .
yessss. i even love house on haunted hill. love those late 90's dark castle productions
i think people are misinterpreting the joke the joke is it was someone else and i'm dying alone
fwiw at least it wasn't marty
no worries there. that fat ass too busy telling us what to eat. kids can't even eat decently at a school caf.
there's states that have put there absentee ballots in. and others who sent them out. dems will lose that state
well, hello there!
two such lovely mens. (sigh ) drama
hilar has helped people all her life, trump only helps himself
so not true! trump is gonna make america great again!!! you'll see! :)
tbh native americans can sit, lay down, electric slide, &amp; anything else they wanna do during the pledge.
electric slide k.o. for real !!!!!!
i think it would be a long road for a woman to be accepted in professional baseball.
the reason is men are biased and can not believe women can compete. i believe women are just as capable.
blessed, but that doesn't mean i'm not going through a rough time... need prayers or well wishes..whichever is more your style. thanks
praying for you ash!
his dad is literally opening up a hotel in dc this week that serves a $15 spoonful of wine
and he's the guy who wouldn't let his groundskeeper attend his own daughter's wedding.
fete this: you are keeping kids in harm's way by not addressing real sandusky case issues: tsm?cys/dpw/childline fails.
here's the only must read you need tonight. thank me in the morning:
supernatural and it's always sunny give zero fucks
i finally watched a full season of the supernatural after badgering by a friend....i'm not really surprised by this revelation.
to bernies mere 30% she always voted in favor of big corporations and lobbyist as well
you should read that article again. it's not supporting your case at all.
i miss tim white.
and just like that he's back
" is like sex - until you've actually experienced it for yourself, you really have no idea how awesome it is"
but i think for most peeps, it takes more than one time for sex to become awesome. (so yay for education!)
the truth is, that i miss you.
i feel the same way! :/ it's been a while
i'll be free this saturday, any of my internet friends want to graduate to real life friends? cc
:'( i would but startup school in sv. i'll be done around 5 or 6 pm?
they're always saying how choir should be more like a team ... and we're all failing the quiz tomorrow
music theory or quartet
that's self positioning for the show
let me just interrupt and say carole gets pretty mouthy on-line. no balls w/bethenny
nah i haven't, off new album? any good?
not yet! i will soon!! i'm so excited for this album
another time lapse from this afternoon with a view of the bay &amp; at&amp;t park
processed with one of my good friend work in progress luts
the most homophobic countries are the poorest and most crime ridden. coincidence or karma?
they are homophobic because they are uneducated and ignorant, due to lack of education. it's neither a coincidence or karma.
the entire sad history of anti-semitism was rooted in replacement theology &amp; the "jews killed jesus" perspective.
freud said that when jews cut off their children's cocks, it's a replacement for full castration of the testes.
trump says 65% of black children under age 6 are in poverty. that is not accurate in even one state. 2014 numbers:
i have to research which of these states have gop governors.
it's about truth, and liars such as yourself mike gotta keep slinging the lies for clicks. great work msm!!
you go, penn staters, do that denial!
no worries there. that fat ass too busy telling us what to eat. kids can't even eat decently at a school caf.
if hilliary gets replaced bc her name is on the ballot. so that's a lot of states lost the votes don't go to replacer
: saudis, guns, &amp; money and 's sounds off on 3rd parties [video]
what about assad killing hundreds of thousands of syrian civilians. rt will never tell u this
bring drumpf in for questioning. wtf. is this the way elections go now? call for harm to opponent?
only if you're a like !
needing to punch a fucking wall..
don't pull a sam and punch a wall
deathstroke /is/ pretty cool
not only is he pretty cool but is low key beautiful, and i'm really excited for a batman movie for once.
not yet! i will soon!! i'm so excited for this album
fave get in asap. .. that song smh
it's the weekend!! have a fun one!
you to lea. don't get caught in any lightening storms in a delorian lol
talk your shit. i'll be seeing you real soon to see if you still got the juice.
lemme know pimp
still wanna see star trek. hope it hasn't left theaters!
looks like it's still in times square.
where's hicksville in ny. i stayed in manhatten in 06. or was march &amp;v cold. we got married at city hall
as far as it's proximity to nyc its apx 32 miles due east!
and another day where i get home, decide to just play 1 game before going to bed, and end up playing games until 6:30 am... rip sleep..
i hear ya. i'm a ph.d student, sold my pc to study more. now on the ps4 playing rainbow six siege all night.
thing is actually has a personality while suffers.
sonja really is a socialite. ever hear how she met her husband.
cutting thru media's bs/reaching ppl who care about protecting kids is meaningful work, thanks for the compliment!
what do you actually do to protect children? what is your job?
hahahha!!! averill has a new boyfriend and plans to get married. haha god bless to him, watch your back.
he'll be on dateline next year. although god forbid.
should be in the gym, but i be at work. being an adult sucks.
i hate adulting at times
how to explain a meme
can someone explain "it me" to plz thx
lol cause i said the jerseys wasn't for all of em after you helped attack me that day
cause you had the game fucked up sus
for real?
every single encounter.
i like that one!
love your work and your clientele. :-)
her books are fabulous!!
i wish i listened to you sooner have you read p.s i like you yet?!
when your church is dj khaled's pickup location
cool sure casually where i am everyday cool cool
fbi&amp;cia need 2 do an investigation &amp; arrest trump till it is over 4 hrc protection.
i've been having a bad feeling about this since 's 1st threat
causing significant damage to our bathroom. this is a problem we've reported multiple times and you have not fixed it
we would like response as soon as possible, and expect the damage to be 20x worse by morning. unacceptable.
yeah, but i think the mistake here was the caregiver must have been a smaller woman, while the man was able to overpower her
"while the man was able to overpower her"&lt;---are u just speculating, or is there new info?
probably the realest tweet.
why lie. i felt funny when i complemented a kid on his htown shirt and he didn't even get what i meant. he didn't know
surprised andy didn't sit beside her and coddle her.
i think he is finally getting it that people are pissed at her and don't like him babying her anymore.
i just realized i did my makeup and forgot to put mascara on...
that happens to me all the time!!!
where's her album at? it's not on apple music
the song is "mad love" the album ain't out yet just the single. it should be on apple music &amp; spotify
too true. i miss dyson
i miss the whole cast :( if my husband didn't have this health scare i would have been in london next week
i'm 23 years old &amp; i have absolutely no regrets about just purchasing this blink-182 poster for my apartment
inspirational
shouldnt be hard if you're so good
looking bro
how to explain a meme
can someone explain "it me" to plz thx
be sure to check out chris hedges latest episode of with economist mark blyth
why don't rt tell people this
there are always people telling me that i think i'm better than every one and i always was confused about that until recently.
when you know yourself and you don't hate yourself, ppl equate that to conceit because they wish they had that confidence and self-awareness
plus byron benched him for lou while luke will bench him for deng. big difference
and luke isn't benching him because he's a rookie. he's benching him because there's a legit reason behind it.
never had a complaint!ha!
so. fucking. yum.
or the claim of abandonment, but as i said, when her goal was to be the sole parent, she had incentive to lie. it worked 2.
why do u think she wanted to be the sole parent with custody? why did she need that?
oh shit i think i just had a stroke...wait, the language changed to cantonese. listen to by jc on .
cantonese sounds a bit different from mandarin. i don't understand very many words of either, but i can tell them apart, at least.
it also looks like nick young wont be dumped. not sure id throw that type of problem on luke this early
ny will be cut. there's zero reason for them to rush it.
even though she's been coming to my house since the 1st grade..
and i'm only 10 minutes away from you
this isn't a joke. trump tweeted himself as the white supremacist meme, pepe. adorable? no? repulsive. deplorable.
yes and trump jr has the same meme on his acct and follows known white nationalist orgs.
the real victims have never lied. the "most powerful man" in hv in 11/11 was .
no, the gov. wasn't. if hv took a poll, joepa would win. joepa made more than the gov. had more influence at his place of employment
every single night i bartend i think of quitting right then and there ugh
everyday i go to work i think the same, may quit tomorrow
be sure to check out chris hedges latest episode of with economist mark blyth
horrible cctv shows how air strikes bombing hospitals in
i went joey fatone....
a more recent visage, but the requisite chin pelt.
when you know yourself and you don't hate yourself, ppl equate that to conceit because they wish they had that confidence and self-awareness
i do still have some insecurities, things to work on with myself tbh i know i'm not perfect.
im looking for a designer that could design me a youtube/twitter header. i am down to pay you but i would like to talk you first
let me know if you are interested on making me a header cause that would be really awesome.
i wanna play gitaroo man with someone
you should want to play with mojo mojo mojo king bee
$2 billion dollars and only 5.7% and bill out raking in more tonight.
she never wants to be "flat broke" again!!
fuck these bitches b i need a 100k
that's facts gz lol
i just realized i'm so lucky to eat whatever i want
i look at that shit like a super power lol i get fat so damn easy. so be happy with that shit
# 918037, 50th precinct. he didn't even write his last name. just a scribble as his signature. this ofcr. should be a traffic cop.
, obviously, you're doing diblasio favors. you're not local. you're not improving riverdale itself or the kids.
its silly how the san jose earthquakes have their field right next to an airport but we can't, it's illegal
just cause our school is in a poor community,ahs wouldn't have these issues
you're welcome to try it on sometime
i'll be around on monday, if you will be to let me try it on!
i thought i could finally use this picture somehow but nah
ew wtf that is toxic delete it
i'd throw a fucking tomato at bey if she did an entire show suspended in the air on a stage i couldn't see her on.
@ you can see from the seatd
wish you the same bb!
tnx so much my bb.. love u :***********
he left to sacramento smh
exactly smh
and they are leaving for a work trip on sunday for three days...
hey, that context is key!
why do people still use "m8"
why don't you use m8, m8?
where have you been hiding?
how does this not look like 3 seals???
agreed. wish mr brooks had run this by a few people of color or anyone with a soul
i honestly thought this was the issue
try this... single tap to repeat all in the album. double tap to repeat a single song.
lmao!!! this is all i saw on my screen... i should've scrolled down duh!!!!! thanks!!!
i do still have some insecurities, things to work on with myself tbh i know i'm not perfect.
so when someone calls me a conceited bitch or say i have a 'superiority complex', i don't take that shit personally lol
i know i could command+shift+t for last closed tab but i didn't realize it was a stack until today.
i didn't know this existed until today(!) and i've already i've used it probably a dozen times
in theaters now.. anyone seen it?
incredible! so challenged and encouraged. keep dreaming big!
omg there's a beyonc one rt : i want this barbie
you gotta check the insta to see how he did it. but i definitely need it like od
the real victims have never lied. the "most powerful man" in hv in 11/11 was .
i don't get your drift -- you don't believe paterno knew about sandusky's inappropriate relationships with young boys over 40 yrs?
u know u at a caucasian event when cmon eileen comes on
it got worst wannabe-spice girls is on
trump wants to 'see what happens' to clinton without security via | ap photo
once again trump is projecting- this guy has hired 11 security firms! he has imagined and real enemies everywhere
trump proposes disarming clinton bodyguards: 'let's see what happens to her'
he wants to kill her? fuck him!
so nobody told usher that his new album cover was wack and creepy
it's daniel arsham molding sculpture . every one is trying to get that high end art cover
you don't even know because you don't even talk to me anymore
that broke my heart a bit..
give me a follow. ill pm u. think i saw u during sound check. had to bounce i work at night club here in dt.have a good show
thank you!!
, still working currently. washhhh pawpin
just made it to the city - thinking about getting into something before heading back. 1015 folsom, maybe
i honestly thought this was the issue
i mean if something is going to upset you...
the real victims have never lied. the "most powerful man" in hv in 11/11 was .
who are the real victims in your mind?
just had a conversation with the guy in the car next to us about red robin as im wrapped in a blanket like the virgin mary
u r the virgin mary
bcc is for cowards.
i misread this as bbc.
get out and about in syosset: check the patch calendar
we're sold out this week, but come check us out next sat.
although that said, i've changed my mind about this about a half-dozen times across the offseason.
ingram is going to get his 30mpg, somewhere. hope &gt;15mpg is with mostly starters tho.
no. i'm sure it's a very interesting story.
she was cocktail waitress at the saratoga racetrack &amp; he was there.she waited on him flirted with him &amp; got him
i'm not an animal lover. i hate snakes, spiders &amp; fat chicks.
lol startin trouble ..
kinda. the idea that there should be a strict period of time to complete all those requirements is absurd to me
bingo, there's a stigma placed on going beyond 8 semesters for some reason as if life doesn't happen
"why israel lies" by chris hedges
chris hedges lying about israel. his pallywood exposed.
guy at bar: hey, do you live on pearl street? i deliver your pizza! me: doctor patient confidentiality, ever heard of it?
hey this is funny
be careful. zoe might hurt you.
good thing zoe doesn't pay attention to my tweets
well, close
totally forgot about history's greatest techno band.
it's too soon for him to be a problem child
cmon that's a cockblock tho
i found it!! good thing i can replay it from the beginning!!
ugh. perks of direct tv
intentional grounding, second and 17 at the 26.
*second and 19
clearly not enough of you saw this
i really love that this is the way this tweet sequence ended
as far as it's proximity to nyc its apx 32 miles due east!
in very good traffic you are at the midtown tunnel in about 30-45 mins. at worst 90 mins.
so when someone calls me a conceited bitch or say i have a 'superiority complex', i don't take that shit personally lol
because i know it's not a direct attack on me. they don't like themselves. i eat that shit, marinate in it, flourish
arah brushes her teeth in the shower
literally its saves a whole 2 min in the morning i love it
their offense: wearing black while black -- on "america day"
cops are waiting for trump's election as the cue to really cut loose &amp; bust heads with abandon.
the euro leg of the tour is better. justin's happier and does cw &amp; lmly (the new songs) he's more talkative &amp; into it. i wish i could go.
it makes me sad though
the fact that they brought tim white into a game he wasn't going to play amazes me
someone needs to fair catch a punt without fumbling. 2 guesses what they'll be practicing on sunday.
ou ginleu confused aswea
lmaooo yes tyna yes... by the way i need u map relew demain!
so everyone who has made art or referenced pepe throughout the years is a white supremacist now? fucking bullshit.
normie journalists can't be bothered to understand chan humor.
idk why don't you ask him yourself
do you mind @ jesus christ
a tls theme dinner b/c taping last 3 eps of s3 on disk.bacon ranch slattery burger w/ steak fries
if you like wild sandwiches check this one out. made in my hometown since 1933. primanti bros.
throw iced coffee at them
i really should
everyday i go to work i think the same, may quit tomorrow
i get it, working at a restaurant is so fucking stressful
his music isn't so bad actually
i vaguely remember tripping on lsd back in 93 (as a 16yr old) to a daou track.
follow my lead....
one night only, my dawgs
bill o'reilly was right on and very supportive of with his talking points memo tonight. policy specifcs will decide the race
has nothing but pandering &amp; deflection. heard 0 policy today.
you should! people obviously like what you're slinging!
i like the sound of that!
lmao i jus want u to be great gawd
my breasts are great
"you can not define someone's ginger by what they like" my little brother said ginger instead of gender i'm dying
does he go walkiando to school?
a few minutes of michelle obama is revitalizing. "the presidency doesn't change who you are, it reveals who you are"
"remember what's at stake. you will decide whether a woman has the right to make her own choices. do you hear me?"
i bet class of 2020 will graduate at cabrillo's field as well
bet my grandkids that'll be class like class of 2070 will graduate at cabrillo too
idk. i think the season is over so he breathing a sigh of relief. lol
yes, but pretty soon rhbh will be back. that's when i will go nuts. i hate rinna
on it was queens fixed kids bikes for lessons. dope. thank you !
always an honor to work side by side with all of you
water resistance
was this a test or were you actually showering?!
uh oh, auto-added to the reverse class action
he cannot get rid of that murderous stare.
if your teammates approve i'm down no hard feelings if they don't lol
they do not my friend
world peace their only original show which is probably going to be cancelled. oh well mde never dies.
as's live action content all sort of follows a similar tone. i like world peace but it even falls into its pratfalls sometimes
wow. absolute congrats. you deserve to be top 3!
thank you!!
lol. the snack shelves by the support team must be running low on gummi worms
i have def thought about stopping by ofp for gummy bears.
nicole only uses her cell for emergencies &amp; to check up on ppl. she wants to get a flip phone bc that's all she needs.
as annoyed as i get with her, this is weirdly endearing
who are you? i have a platform to speak for my people. not just myself. how selfish would that be?
the teachings in james 4:11-12 &amp; rom 2:1-3 was clear. u refused to meet with trump bcos of pre-conceived grievance u have/1
amazon trying to sell gadgets like lacroix. just trolling now
if my alexa wasn't so frustratingly dumb i might get some
we americans will be their in droves for trump!!!!! we are coming!!!!
critical 2 have more ppl register,vote trump. check this site
fuck it lets do it
the 25th! it's a sunday lol
outside by the laundry mats dancing lmao
haha fun ! is their a lot of people or just you ?
if your teammates approve i'm down no hard feelings if they don't lol
they just want someone they played with before
awesome, you're the best.. love your "question of the day" on vine
thank you!! you're also the best
as's live action content all sort of follows a similar tone. i like world peace but it even falls into its pratfalls sometimes
which makes it even more a shame if they dont get renewed because i'd love to see it more refined
ugh that's a deal breaker right there
yeah it's quite tragic gets me every time, like really on this one special night you have to do me like this
what's your perfect weekend out of the city?
if only big sur wasn't still on fire.
fuckin a i got the hands on that game now lol who you with
evilshot and ranpreet
can someone just be the maiden in black..... please
wouldn't that be demons souls cosplay
idk. i think the season is over so he breathing a sigh of relief. lol
do you watch dallas. i have really gotten to love that one also. not big into atlanta, potomac and jersey is ok
congratulations! that's quite an accomplishment. :)
thank you, kristin!
when the dj play ur friends song into another of same friends song &amp; ur like why r u being paid to do this &amp; not me o wait u have a penis
wait its 3 of the same persons songs absolutely cancel yourself
okay soooo i'm thinking of doing a gofundme for me to publish my book.. that shit costs 7,000
btw my book isn't finished yet, i've finished 4 chapters and i'm going slow on it because of work and being sleepy
who are you? i have a platform to speak for my people. not just myself. how selfish would that be?
towards him, u did not even give him a chance. thats still fine with me. but to go on news network to validate such hate /2
wow, that's awesome! congrats!!
thank you, michael
traitor rino john kasich scheming &amp; in the tank with obama &amp; fat cat globalists over trans pacific partnership(tpp)
pox on you kasich, you creep! oh wait, i see someone's already used this curse on kasich...
. vs. round 2 highlights. chaos
shiavello's commentary kills me, but that was madness!
his music isn't so bad actually
it was this track. it is (grimicing like jack black in high fidelity) good.
actually lost all my respect for u
this isnt about u
*facts first, then distort them as one pleases. forgiveness is the fragrance a violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it.*
*thunder is good, thunder is impressive; but it is lightning doing the work. history will be kind 2 me 4 i will 2 write it.*
please tell me you bought those.
my mother said they were ugly. therefore, i did not.
that does it! i'm headed to . sang about it in .
i live right by the racetrack so everybody around here know the story.
goodnight &amp; god bless u all (:
have a good saturday u all (:
really? because i saw this and he talks about how he believes he would do a good job
i re tweeted this weeks ago, was told that trump did not say this. who knows.
omg omg omg second time he is asking for hrc to be target
-trump is an evil, sick, bastard!
so this coming monday on seth is taking on rusev. something tells me roman is going to make is presence felt. can't wait.
hell yeah i cant wait either his presence will be felt all right with a lot of pain too hehe
music theory
tara, we went through this last year
so do i make a deal out of it or say sorry for getting mad love you
my 2 cents: "aww i hate that you hand to 'handle that' yourself. "
wow! jimmy kimmel dons surgical mask to greet hillary on tonight show via
dear jim, it's jimmy fallon.
sorry for spamming your inboxes. am a stage mother today. thank you for inviting to guest today! so proud of her!
so beautiful voice!!!
swear you're psychic bc we're about to take off. but don't worry. i'll always be here
i knew it bc i felt a sudden longing
every single student @ seattle's garfield high took a knee for injustice in america.
kiss my ass white boy. shaun king? king of cultural appropriation. shame on you trotter.
the end time on the event page is localized to match your phones timezone so you can see it right on the event page
idk if its am or pm tho andhlfuishl iuh
she looks so content with her life and chickens
i wanna be that happy
the moon looks amazing tonight.
neil armstrong walking on me face buzz aldrin he walking on me face then the third one... the spaceman walking on me face
so do i make a deal out of it or say sorry for getting mad love you
--love you :-)
trying really hard to figure out if i'm genuinely happy[/in a very good mood despite] or in some kind of manic extreme of the spectrum.
it's the beautiful moon shining right on my bed sheets.
"no society can make a perpetual constitution, or even a perpetual law. ... every constitution, then, and every law, naturally expires
at the end of 19. years. if it be enforced longer, it is an act of force and not of right. " - jefferson
retweet. takes 2 seconds. could potentially reach thousands. -vj
why is she not in jail?
happy birthday pretty lady!!! i miss you and hope youre having an awesome bday!!! i love you
thank you casey love ya too
mood: tequilas
damn that spot is so
according to his garbage website, he produced 3 billboard club hits. i've never verified this
this is, have to admit, good--better than i remember it.
that does it! i'm headed to . sang about it in .
i should probably look into a waitress job there. but i could not have sex with a man 40 yrs older than me
who are you? i have a platform to speak for my people. not just myself. how selfish would that be?
is simply wrong. as a woman of god, why not exemplify that courage which god gave u to lead, why demonize ur brethren?/3
where's hicksville in ny. i stayed in manhatten in 06. or was march &amp;v cold. we got married at city hall
in very good traffic, you are in midtown in apx 30-45 mins. at worst, 90-2hrs.
how frightening. hope he gets better soon. maybe it gives you two some time to cuddle...
thank you :) we always have time to cuddle :d
lol see exactly! can't get caught out there like that
and a cool rare one. never seen a htown tee. dude dead was like cool bro ... i wanted to be a teenager and take it off him
that's a very bold claim...
. why is this surprising? it's an essentially populist medium where millions of users see timelines as nativist as ours are liberal.
probably; trump's a scrooge. but let's rmr steve jobs didn't believe in giving to charity.
i will resist and not say publicly what i think about that :)
i thought i spent a lot on art
a lot of my money seems to go towards the bar or travel expenses.
swear you're psychic bc we're about to take off. but don't worry. i'll always be here
i knew it because i felt sad all of a sudden :((
hi, i'm diana and this song has been stuck in my head all week. my sweet summer
this is so good!
goodnight &amp; god bless (:
have a good saturday (:
swedish court upholds arrest warrant for wikileaks founder julian assange
couldn't happen to a better guy! your revenge for hillary has created a lot of hatred for,
happy birthday to one of my best friends! i miss you so much and i hope you are having an amazing day
thank youu i miss you too
where's hicksville in ny. i stayed in manhatten in 06. or was march &amp;v cold. we got married at city hall
thanks for asking!
it's the beautiful moon shining right on my bed sheets.
usually a much more anxious day of the moon cycle for me but the only thing keeping me up today are the neighbours having a party.
love love love dallas. pissed about brandi stephanie break up.
y said that. awful, i really like carrie,but that friendship can't compare 2 brandi and steph. leeann is a hoot
i see nothing wrong with this
you're right
cory gearrin is now using "feel so good" by mase as his warm-up song. solid pick.
we heard it too... we thought it was weird. hi alex
?!? you stink on ice!!!
i'd still play big spoon in his cell
just because you live in ny doesn't mean you have all this money...i know you can't afford
i see what you did there! it's a callback to the song. i like it aric
do you deal with douchebag customers
its so funny u said that cus right now some indian yelled at my coworker and made her cry cus his chicken burgers were cold
definitely just ran over a possum that was already writhing in pain from being ran over by the car in front of me
you could've saved him.......
whoever designed that seems upset at the prime minister of canada.
cackling rn
*thunder is good, thunder is impressive; but it is lightning doing the work. history will be kind 2 me 4 i will 2 write it.*
[the periodic table: quantum d.n.a.] *...who, where &amp; weighting...* {remote access trojan: agent j} -soft hair on black holes
hmmm... might have to try dem
you won't regret it
who are you? i have a platform to speak for my people. not just myself. how selfish would that be?
the words of god in romans 16:17-18 urged us never to fall to such appetite. thank u for ur time, i am just making a point.
so it seems like cities in america are either crumbling or getting gentrified - solution anyone??
tell me about it, the sf bay area is going to shit
none of trump's rhetorical horrors hurt him because his supporters *like* his hateful, angry, boastful stance. let that sink in a minute.
no its because who he's running against. she's worse.
looking for the ultimate ?! check out 's story about offerings for !
thanks! can't wait to visit again!
what a story it is! i'm going to have to duplicate it.
i really can't duplicate it. i am 58 that means he would be 98 and that is like having sex with the dead.
i told badger and lew i jus didnt have ur number i figured they would tell u
smh we found out so late
my parents got me burger king for my birthday hell yeah
what else have you done today for your birthday
yessir, can't wait! heading there the saturday before the chargers game.
suuweet! we will have a nice crowd that night. thanks for the kind words! we do it for you guys
i know! and her smirk and long pause before she would talk.. feel bad for the next guy who looked about 10 years older
she was poorly coached like the buffalo bills.
what you mean cuz
quotes didn't mean to worry
i admit i spend a lot on art....but never have i even thought about spending $300+ on an nsfw picture
well if it's something that you'll like, go for it. if i could, i'd shower my favorite artists with all the money.
omg! i'm actually having sleep problems lately. i wake up so early and i guess is related to stress. 6:40am here in spain :-/
i worked at jawbone and the sleep tracking stuff actually really helped me sleep better + wake up refreshed.
if only big sur wasn't still on fire.
in a perfect world where it isn't on fire
dude you have no chance in beating me
you're a waste of a game
my mom just gave me a skeleton because i was sad my friends were leaving... i am less sad now
the death of all your friends
okay i'm doing six minutes of pep talks if you need one! (sorry i missed some stragglers last week!)
i missed it but just want you to know you're awesome, josh. keep up the great work!
yaaaasss the coach hook up with a dude
where is this at? o:
[the periodic table: quantum d.n.a.] *...who, where &amp; weighting...* {remote access trojan: agent j} -soft hair on black holes
*(s)even people who claim everything is predestined, &amp; that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.*
goodnight &amp; god bless u all
have a good saturday u all
on and . mcclatchy from 2008.
&lt;&lt; is that similar to ?
currently watching george clinton and i have no god damned what the fuck is going on
who are you people?
i definitely want to know how it works for you ^^
i'm skeptical but eager to try :)
ended the night with this view
also neon hitch performing two feet away from me - more on my instagram stories
i am weak to sweet age difference couples
*whispers* joven~
will this come back next friday or do i have to do the set tonight
no the reset i tried tht didn't work for me a least
tis the season
they have fuckin pumpkin nutri grain bars. i need to try them. i love those
saturday cfb: mtsu -6.5 usf -14 memphis -21 oklahoma +1 okla +7/nd -1 teaser may have more tomorrow.
any saturday edge preview coming or nah
the aloha state is the first in the country that requires its gun-owning residents to enter a federal database
aloha state would be potentially first to secede from us ?
lol i wish!!
lol, maybe one day
usually a much more anxious day of the moon cycle for me but the only thing keeping me up today are the neighbours having a party.
one of the men just said 'fuck it' four times in a row. i can hear the upstairs like the next room. lovely.
heh. 47% for romney.
yeah he'd be winning against hillary and trump in a landslide right now
this mf is nuts
bro really might have psychosis.. on some van gogh shit...
. actually, it is either nickle or nickel. variants of the same word.
it's not. *nickle* is like millennials using literally incorrectly. a common mistake is still a mistake
celebrating the way any 19 y/o, emmy nominated actress would... in the state of california
19-year-olds in california probably don't find this nearly as exciting as 19-year-olds in the uk do.
yes. trump, his supporters their beliefs &amp; origins are profoundly american.
trump's campaign communications &amp; media manipulation strategies and authoritarian strongman style take cues from europe but roots in us.
love my mom. been hanging out with her watching national geographic when she asks me "how many cows am i worth? a herd,some goats i imagine.
i wrote about you i am not spam im a person and i swear its all good things at you very influential to me
the victims who are having words put in their mouths by inept, rabid media. you never even talk to them.
not all, but i actually have. i really don't go into my experience in this issue but you have inspired to write about it. thank you.
since his 0-for-6 a week ago, posey is 13-for-29 with two doubles, a triple and the homer. 7-for-9 in the series.
good to see him back!
"speuter" - not a word
ah. i see you're reading the chat.
and a full blown sec dick rider. he's all about the conference and the circle jerk.
which shows he's a bandwagoner for both. bama does not do that shit (except when ohio st or fsu are up for discussion)
ok what the hell i turned 21 8 days ago and i'm already not getting carded at places
i think it's a rite of passage to not get carded once you turn 21
right?! worth the wait
hell yeah and the price
.: "it's almost a surreal 21st century presidential election."
john kasich has sold his sole and given away the value of ones word, he'll never be president or trusted again
hello, candice wrestling.
congrats i wish you both but nothing but ove &amp; happiness for the rest of your lives
yep, got the correct count. (so, appropriately can't tweet, and the picture still counts against limit).
great, so that means it behaves correctly now?
about $1200 worth of in this collage. but it's finally completed
this makes me so happy proud of ya best friend
i was patiently waiting for this tweet tbh
i've been mentally planning a tweet about seeing you for a few days don't worry
area girl hangs out with cat at brooklyn house party
all brooklyn parties must have cats. it's the law.
rt: 40 days until the nba season... you shawn kemp hype? (via ) - bleacher repor...
yo. the reign man. you know i used to live that cat. seattle was so exciting to watch for me.
blanton walks drury with two outs
kenley.......now.
chase just told me he measured his penis and it's 3.2 inches .......
fully erect
the real question is why not
the realy question is are you trying to eat my ass?
btw , did you happen to share that information about the sun rising in the east with jared goff? i know, it's a cal thing.
now that i think of it, what exactly did goff score on the wonderlick.
i got in an unintended twitter beef with eden today. she's nuts
who is eden??
i got in an unintended twitter beef with eden today. she's nuts
people are getting cranky lately on twitter
don't even know what i did for this guy to be subtweeting me when he unfollowed me. not even gonna be petty towards him.
he literally unfollowed me on twitter after i told him i didn't want to waste my time cause i was looking for something serious &amp;
this latest pregnancy consists of doc visits and heartburn....
feel better.
*(s)even people who claim everything is predestined, &amp; that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.*
confession time? here's what i got a curious creator i~open~sourced a-plot one's private dic~tator now we call the shot(s)
i am the president
actually the president of glee club. not america
i protected her, huge mistake. never did i suspsect the things she would do, like the lies on switched scheduled meetings,
there's a classic reggae song about that, but the jamaican accent is thick.
when trump loses (or is replaced, or quits the game he's playing), the fact will still remain that millions of republican voters chose him.
and we'll all come out of it realizing just how many ugly racists we have here. sad.
i'm obviously happier when i'm drunk
why do i look so fucking sassy in the last picture
every fed-backed study on poc-pcso predators says you're wrong. try reading them. need some links to self-educate?
if you want to out-missingandexploitedchildren'sagency me, we can play that game all day. but until you condemn paterno honoring,...
in an 8-2 game, trevor rosenthal is pitching for the cardinals and santiago casilla is warming up for the giants.
hums "this used to be my playground."
it appears that the fertitta's care, wynn's care, the board that voted for approval cares, etc.
i agree! they need more fans like you and it will be big!
kill yourself, just in case u didnt get that one either
gonna report u for bullying.
every fed-backed study on poc-pcso predators says you're wrong. try reading them. need some links to self-educate?
...we have nothing to talk about.
and finally, the appropriate house haver
omg that cat bed
hey full homo but ur hot af
i'm full homo for you
usually a much more anxious day of the moon cycle for me but the only thing keeping me up today are the neighbours having a party.
oh my god they started smoking weed indoors. my windows are closed so it is actually dense enough to come through the ceiling.
this is what i disagree with. to come to terms with trump we have to acknowledge his movement is very american.
the racist &amp; some of the fascist aspects have deep american roots. but the cult of personality is more european, maybe.
at 98, i doubt he'd bother to try. if he succeeded, he'd be dead afterward.
it would be fun to have a man die while having sex with you. what a compliment. hahaha
goodnight &amp; god bless
have a good saturday (:
for 8 years trump demonized the sitting potus that's the hate we hate and you should demand an apology black man!
the hillary's hench men started it (blumenthal), trump finished it. he who has no sin should cast the first stone?
even i lied. at the time, i had never used any type of drug, she had, but when asked in court if i knew she had, i said no,
but how did you know she did?
"remember what's at stake. you will decide whether a woman has the right to make her own choices. do you hear me?"
"we deserve a president who can bring out what is best in us. our kindness &amp; decency. our courage &amp; determination."
she's amazing! her voice and style are so unique and i love artists like that.
i saw her like two years ago at stubbs! she is actually flawless
lol nice work
you guys rock =)
thanks for live tweeting with us! have an awesome weekend! see you next week. -
you've list me, hair-rubber.
i'm second gen valley. i don't honestly know if the body politic is ready for result of such shitty governance from 3rd gen.
2024 will bring the force. will heat up in 2020.
may i just say, is fantastic. she was amazing on tonight! brilliant and beautiful.
i'm watching overtime for the 1st time right now, and kerry is getting some good ones in!
um, ya happened to our cat may 2015 in south san jose. and other cats too the whole summer.
awwwww sorry your can't died.
i wonder if these emojis are tired today ? i think i was the only person who didnt go to concert last night
no i miss it and my lil sis did too - no i'm not telling which one
trump says clinton's bodyguards should disarm immediately and see what happens to her
his bodyguards should disarm &amp; see what happens
you are lying then because i just said that i am not pro circumcision
you made a claim. i call it bullshit.
yep....it takes a village
lol!it takes a village! hahaha! i almost peed my pants when i read thatjust the way to end my evening out here on l coast.ty!
nice! i was at book club. starting to read again.
yep....combination of books and wine are divine! lol
lol you should've!
i'm 28 with a good job and a happy home. got no time for bookings it's friday. smh
omg! i'm actually having sleep problems lately. i wake up so early and i guess is related to stress. 6:40am here in spain :-/
have you tried this prescription?
not in my family. you're barking up the wrong tree, wise guy. stop for one minute and learn something new.
well, you're lucky. but it happened in the penn state "family," and your continued defense of enablers invalidates your credentials.
the latest season of us presidential election has jumped the shark. the other seasons just felt more realistic and had better acting.
jumped the shark as soon as they brought in the "reality tv star"
uhhh are some of the responses to this tweet missing the point (or maybe i'm the one confused)
some of them really are, yeah. there was a guy who made me stare at him funny yesterday, for instance.
look at this little fuckin nerd i love him :3
the little thank yous have me on the verge
well i still have his biz card. so it's his word against mine.
wow. biz card huh? so i can "quote" anyone and possession of a card makes it true? oh boy the forces at work against the lady!
he literally unfollowed me on twitter after i told him i didn't want to waste my time cause i was looking for something serious &amp;
couple of days later, i tweeted about being high and he unfollows me.
he sure was born to jewish parents. raised jewish. but believe what you must. cheers.
"he sure was born to jewish parents."&lt;-i don't believe that's accurate, as mary certainly wasn't
we are systematically upgrading links throughout our network. just today, we ordered our two 5gbps links.
you clearly haven't gotten to us yet,
you and have a gamer thang going on... i luh-huv it!
yeah great scene
omg just go back to swipe to unlock and stop suggesting my next words. i know what i'm about and what i want to say, gdi.
you can turn prediction off in settings -&gt; general -&gt; keyboards
dt demonized, criticize and humiliated with great disrespect our potus i am obligated to call such dishonor out!
why not honor his invitation when he called on u. u would have confronted him face to face, he would have listened to u
i just joined twitter so i'm learning the ropes.
i joined a couple years ago, but just started using it abt 2 months ago. my biggest problem is the tagging thing
if there was one shred of truth, anything that joe did, the ncaa would never have ate their words and restored the wins, right?
do you guys have actual talking points on this? it's a little embarrassing.
he sure was born to jewish parents. raised jewish. but believe what you must. cheers.
i don't know what "raised jewish" means. that's not a fact, but merely a conclusion.
oh my god they started smoking weed indoors. my windows are closed so it is actually dense enough to come through the ceiling.
they just moved in two weeks ago.
you must have a very different bible than most people. try reading exodus.
there are no jews in the exodus story.
i love my roommates
molly is taking us on a late night adventure to san fran
it's a good thing carlos is dead, bc there would be a blood bath in port charles after today's ep. rip sabrina
what about the brother, he could unleash a whole world of bad ass on hornsby
really just want some jamba juice and my bed rn :((
wow, yall couldnt have gone today when i was working?
did celina already meet the queen?
tao po! tok tok tok!!!
i just want to curl up in a corner and cry that i'm only 27 years old and no, the balding man isn't my husband!
ha! and i want to curl up in a corner and cry that i'm not really middle aged and going through menopause!
omg opened my nan's laptop and when she's googled something she's put 'please' and 'thank you'. i can't
i just read this in a digital diary and came to twitter to say, you have a beautiful grandmother very polite ...
i'd probably pass out
i would want to make out with him then
well, he knows my allegiance. always downplays the acc for sec might.
probably still trying it even though the acc owns the sec and is clearly better than the sec this year.
dt demonized, criticize and humiliated with great disrespect our potus i am obligated to call such dishonor out!
what if trump was ur greatest assignment? did u save him? no. u made him worse. thats not what my scriptures told me
excellent racing tonight watching add national championship points.
good seeing you tonight as always
only thing i want to inspire is further learning/stopping memes dissing whistleblowers. this discourages reporting.
dissing whistleblowers? i love whistleblowers. thats' what my problem with tomorrow is. joepa could have been a whistleblower.
uhhh are some of the responses to this tweet missing the point (or maybe i'm the one confused)
(i never bother explaining what the hard part is to people like that.)
you would think after all these years that someone would say:why don't we win it?and let's change strategy
why us media hides identity of a muslim who attacked nyc police officers w meat cleaver ?
and divert us from wikileaks and all her other corruption!
dishonest media priorities 1.protect hrc 2.divert attention 3.give ppl kool-aid
great job there brandon maurer.. i hope and pray that he isn't closing games for the padres in 2017
he's down with the tank.
how is this different, though, than non-vichy conservatives who erase the civil rights realignment from race-politics analysis?
speed. a lack of a "decent interval" before committing old beliefs to the memory hole.
casilla getting warmed up. bochy wanted to put him in a less leveraged spot. an 8-2 game is practically shore leave.
bochy's great!
me and my cousins at family gatherings
we need to be exactly like this the next reunion...
nic told nat she did well on the macguyver task, bc nat was down on herself for 45 mins after that comp. nic prefers ppl own it
ok but she was down bc she knew that was her only shot to stay. corey did the same after pov. im annoyed again
dt demonized, criticize and humiliated with great disrespect our potus i am obligated to call such dishonor out!
for every single person that has called a racist, they themselves have committed much greater assault
goodnight &amp; god bless u all
have a good saturday u all (:
unless the wheels fall off in san francisco, the will take a two game lead over and remain 1/2 game behind in wc.
1 gb if sf wins.
. why is this surprising? it's an essentially populist medium where millions of users see timelines as nativist as ours are liberal.
. it practically forces system 1/tribal thinking, because content gets stripped of the context that system 2 would need to function.
finally watched kuba with . beautiful and touching. i give it 2 strings up.
*badumtish*
wait, you and are hanging out together and i... *goes cries in his room*
lol did you see me in the background tho?
donald trump says he is "really proud" of reducing public trust in the media:
dt brags he's reduced public trust in media but all he does is use media 2 sell/peddle his fake bravado unravel him he's weak
if you believe accusations dismissed by the prosecution, shouldn't you be more upset with osu and ucla defending x-psu coaches?
don't pivot, dan. you're a proud veteran. turn the page on the joepa era and realize the truth. i'll respect you more.
i love that has a caucasian guest room for me when i crash
iconic
hillary says internet radicalized terrorist not the quran
what is the next excuse for horrible behavior?at some point,everyone has a choice to make.evil,or goodness?
no thank you! there are far more pleasant ways to be complimented!
i think you are right about that.
dt demonized, criticize and humiliated with great disrespect our potus i am obligated to call such dishonor out!
i would like to know how u felt when african american young men were referred to as "super predators" now not one but many
that isn't me &gt;.&gt; i just saw that on a website where i get 97.6% of my art from &gt;o&lt;
ah. still, you know what you want.
. it practically forces system 1/tribal thinking, because content gets stripped of the context that system 2 would need to function.
. and it reshapes newspapers by driving clicks to stories like the ' undermining of clinton. see:
good run tonight as you get some added spots when you deserve them. keep up the good work!
thanks rick we took a step forward tonight i'm pretty pleased
but when an 1830s france musical's cast is half-black, yeah i notice. and i don't like it. i'd rather it be white. is that really so hitler?
no. the show should be historically accurate.
i remembered how to write things so of course i talked about chip kelly.
wow very well written you had me hanging on ever word, well done!
what happens when i get home early. takin selfies on my new rug with cats
good call, mk was hot as last saturday and smelled like a hs locker room
is her back catalogue just played out, or did artpop immediately make it seem really tame in comparison?
i was never a born this way fan, and large swaths of that first album are bad (tho there's a few fun deep cuts like summerboy)
whatchu buying fam
duckbill trunk lol
dt demonized, criticize and humiliated with great disrespect our potus i am obligated to call such dishonor out!
i will like to know ur candid opinion when bill clinton said that obama could have been their coffee maker if not!!!!
casilla warming up for the eighth inning of an 8-2 game.
those last six outs always make me nervous.
my lorddddd is not human! she just went off today at that rehearsal get it girl!!!
thank you!!!!!!
finding out mine is my mouth lol
my mouth also, but damn when i get pissed i can't help it. these women bring out the worst in me.
"yea i live in an exposed brick, 2 bed in downtown hobo" -
i want to not love this quote
this might be ignorant but how do we know what jesus looks like? like visually
furthest from ignorant g
i was never a born this way fan, and large swaths of that first album are bad (tho there's a few fun deep cuts like summerboy)
that said, i think most people think the fame monster on its own is probably her best work. idk if i agree but i think that's fair
couple of days later, i tweeted about being high and he unfollows me.
i wouldn't be this heated but it sucks cause i actually did started to like him, even barely knowing him.
no, it happened in the family. you are again twisting case facts to suit your meme.
i don't know how to make a meme. the ad, pres. knew in 98. and again in 2001. they knew because joe paterno knew. disprove this. pls.
i'm so glad i don't work in a psychiatric hospital anymore. i worked grave shift and the place was haunted,i shit you not.
horror movies have to start from somewhere :)
no words for performance today!!! i've seen a lot of hedwig and her origin of love was the best!!! thanks !!
thank you so much!
watch the white helmet documentary on netflix and curse assad's soul.
assad &amp; putin's soul too. they're both sadistic, narcissistic psychopaths, not unlike
"we going to mars bitches! "
big boi voice "we playing on the moon"
all jokes aside this place is damn good. go here . good date spot too. definitely need reservations. pretty crowded always
oh right by my place!
safaree is the shit, he's funny and entertaining too.
but he dont have a butt?
is updating to ios10 worth it? hmm...
it's pretty cool when u get the hang of it
get a higher draft pick. it's a great lose
love those late season tank jobs.
carbon fiber
that's the plan but i can't find any with a camera hole
the 1981 classic comedy horror film this is 1 of the childhood favorites 4 me! - jamie
i thought i was the only one who remembered that movie!!!!!
my decline was by the leading of god. "go where you are celebrated not tolerated!"
u are passing judgement again. an invitation for dialogue is amen to me, u could have aswell attented &amp; still not support him
14) do you live by truth or by lies? do you change your mind because you've discovered new facts - or because you've received new orders?
you lead to a brilliant summation, but your error is ascribing trumpism as a leftist phenomenon. it's as right wing as it gets.
finally watched kuba with . beautiful and touching. i give it 2 strings up.
i give it useless armour and weapons and one forgetful grandpa
such a time savings...now to deploy to
why instead of on amazon?
he was one. all the evidence and every prosecutor on the sandusky case has said so. you cannot change facts.
he went to the ad, wanting the problem to go away. if you think he didn't know 20 years before then, i can't help you. i just can't.
a very interesting take from :
not brilliant. he's a manipulative, grifting scumbag. slobbering media is such an easy mark. embarrassing.
i've finished watching the 3 seasons of the 100 on netflix. should i watch stranger things next?
how were u able to watch season 3 on netflix if its not on there yet?am i missing something?
he will eat her for lunch come debate time
all she has to do is talk record ..... his!
that's 5 more times than me.
lucky you are we counting the same ppl multiple times?
i could care less about the "tank"
they're in full blown fuck it mode now that the boss man is on vacation.
weldon got pissed and he's popping off now, i bet
i dont think hes playing qb
clinton campaign manager criticizes trump after he suggests guards should disarm and 'let's see what happens to her'
it's unfortunate that they just cannot ignore him.
i just put down 10 tacos easily
i'm on number six my man!!
such a great show glad it's almost back.
yeah i just finished it. only 2 days lol
my bitch sister broke them
sorry that was mean
comapny a and b are competitors. a paid for the stage and b paid the event to be played on the stage which company logo survives?
whichever company was smart enough to negotiate logo spacing and sizing.
my mama on the right went to oktoberfest in her youth too. explains a lot...
that looks so much like lucy
goodnight &amp; god bless
have a good saturday
as ira behr once said - kirk is every little boy's idea of what a captain should be.
he's right and what a heo/leader is as well
he offended and insulted americans apologize mr trump for your dishonor of our political process.
no, i can tell u who insulted americans, the candidate u are supporting not only insulted americans, but ravaged the earth
yo now ima have gotham and narcos to qatchb
yeah its really good. cant wait for it to come back
lmfao you thought you was special?
kinda lmaooooo
i'd argue you are being irresponsible by wanting to continue the status quo that is killing this planet
when ppl say we're being "irresponsible" it's because they're scares. good.
your code was great! did you post your code to the internet too?
wait i wasn't supposed to open source the app and do a github pull request to twitter email addresses?
hicksville is in the center of nassau county on long island. nassau is next to queens on the east side
in good traffic you are in midtown in 30-45 mins. at worst 90-2hrs.
trump says that the ss should put down their weapons so they can see what happens to hrc
given terrible record of secret service re obama-wonder how many of them are members of alt-right
nick saban eats human flesh
he salts it though. the romans did that, not exactly rebels. what's the big deal?
i like it so far besides the emojis lol i'm just getting used to it still
i hate it i hate it i hate it!! lol
i'm so proud of everyone who played babycastles tonight.
my body hurts and i love it
why give these lies such reach? "as clinton scrambled to save her teetering campaign from annihilation." really? data?
2008 article. they're hoping people won't notice the date
he was one. all the evidence and every prosecutor on the sandusky case has said so. you cannot change facts.
so you just disregard the freeh report? i gotta go to bed. i can't wait to get up and hopefully see a protest at the game. night.
a boon to late night dads everywhere
i assume y'all know that bt headphones work with the new apple tv. no longer must my wife hear inane sports blathering.
snap really got me feelin myself w these filterssss
it's not the filters that make you look good, it's you that makes the filters look good
hillary's buddy lula is charged with "maximum corruption" in brazil--is she next?
yeah always holding the woman bound 4 deeds of the men. yet give con don a pass when it's clear he's corrupt no tax returns??
no just this one. it's as much as i can handle. lol
oh she is the one that is good friends with lisa rinna. shit, i can tell you right now i won't be liking her.
i aided in the immaculate conception of the maddy bowen
this is tru
i have an awesome new startup idea! we should cure the common cold.
but i heard vitamin c does that!
yep! say bye bye to the double ds!
bitch i'm at almost triple
cause they are usually too mad at it not running
smh shoulda known the l would be the one taking every l
as ira behr once said - kirk is every little boy's idea of what a captain should be.
and what many big boys think a hero/leader is as well
ooh. pretty! are yours for a wedding? mine are for the rehearsal dinner.
for a 10 year wedding anniversary/recommitment ceremony
but if ur covering both with a case???
case with iphone?
i love your bed more than i love you
wow whatever cool
here comes a good boy!
god my kyle maclachlan thirst is unreal
bangkok has 10m people, 1300 homeless. san francisco has only 800k, but 6700 homeless. and only 1200 shelter beds:
uhhhh, has seen the miles of blocks of shanties in bkk? sf homeless have it much better.
i believe there is a wolf pack orgy happening in the woods by my house, i'm bummed i didn't catch an invite
i can't hear it. i think you're lying
i just had an emoji dance off with . so my friday night is turned up.
just stepped up to my brother w old school hip hop and gyromite memes.
snakeandotaconistheworld'sgreatestlovestorythisisundisputedfact
i guess love really can bloom on the battlefield!
another lie!! mr trump hailed it by himself for 8 years. you should demand his apology as another black man.
there are beautiful shades in ur color, god did not create us black and white. i have a chocolate caramel shade, so do you
when you come home to play 2k and there's a 30g update. come one cuhhh
breh mine took 9 hours to update
there is an interesting julie doucet comic strip about having sex with a beer bottle. might be related.
i feel like the edible woman might be a slantwise take on this
everyone needs to stop what they're doing &amp; go watch the 100 on netflix right fucking now!!! right now! it's soooooo damn good omg!!!
i know right,need to c season 3 tho
you'll prolly have to drill it or get rid of it because weight reduction
that little hole will make a difference ?
i'm sitting here watching it now, no one can top what she did
what channel is it on? and she played the hell out of that part
to the table of 6 ladies who ordered over $150 worth of food and drink, who sat in my section for 2 and a half hours, then tipped me $0...
fuck you. you think i don't work hard enough at my job? i make barely enough to live off of as a young adult in california.
waiting on a quesadilla, guac and crinkle fries
i'd probably commit a misdemeanor for some crinkle fries rn
submission to islam: tv ad encourages german women to wear muslim hijabs for "tolerance".
not here not now not ever!!
span needs to sit!
span needs to sit with another team
nice to meet u ;) haaave you met my friend ?
very sweet of you to make introduction!
yea i'm good i just didn't know i had diabetes now its under control and i'm slowly getting off the meds for it .
there ya go. gotta keep a grip on it.
it's bourye go time.
watch out for conklin
fewer than half of world's refugee children in school: un via
those are scare stats. we need to change these numbers if you want a better country
who had "veiled assassination threat" in the "how will trump change the conversation this time" pool?
didn't think he'd do the same trick twice.
wayne gretzky
see he wasn't a legend to me, he was alive and still playing
i went with jordan
what was the point of this then. im so mad. i voted &amp; my vote didnt even mean anything.
i'm too sick to go to this tomorrow. anyone like roguelikes and wants a free ticket?
also i'm a huge nerd who still plays roguelikes.
why should i accept your "truth" over the people who prosecuted sandusky and actually evaluated these claims? i don't get it.
so you dismiss the freeh report, the kid in '76, emails exchanged, and you think joepa only telling curley was swell?
"jew" is derived from "judea" which was big part of israelites kingdom &amp; king david's tribe
it is irrelevant where the word 'jew' "is derived from". i don't even know if that's accurate.
do you ever check out dudes ass and be like... 'damn id hit!'?
who was that for? i have an entire phone full of pics of the butt i see on my daily commute.
don't tell radar that i was inappropriate on that!!! i couldn't help it, it just came out!!
daddy i just saw a guy jacking off in a shower on there so i think you're ok
leave me alone i don't know why i am being this way but i am leave me alone.
send me message. get on plane. get off in santa rosa. drink bourbon in my backyard. get back on plane or stay. whichever.
to the table of 6 ladies who ordered over $150 worth of food and drink, who sat in my section for 2 and a half hours, then tipped me $0...
not to mention, what i do get tipped, gets taxed by the state. i may just be a server, but i have a family and bills to pay to.
no just this one. it's as much as i can handle. lol
rinna &amp; i had an instragram war last year. really bad. i loved it though. did not regret or feel bad at all.
you should this team is bad. the higher the picks the better. sorry but this team will be exciting but wins
even if they managed the impossible and won rest of games, season is still a nightmare.
i thought about buying the ace attorney trilogy on 3ds but then i realised that that'd violate my "no eshop purchases" rule
hack your 3ds, imo
link 4v4 homie
you guys put up a front for twitter smh
i can't believe choi's best punish sometimes is rush combo lol
it's really bad.
if the ultras are not allowed to bring in flags, consider this st holder suspended for 2016 &amp; 2017
dullest product in mls on the pitch most boring in the stands too well thought out
holly mother of j!!!! i got to meet the one and only she's so lovely
is she a singer ivana?
i'm at medx the rest of the weekend. available sat or sun.
me too, let's talk tomorrow around the tents at noon.
what's the worst ios widget you've seen yet? mine is this
yeah, i think it's not authenticating properly with the app
lmaooo we can...but you'd still have me beat by a significant margin!
it's only 3 people lol
paterno was not in the loop on cys/dpw/le investigation in 1998 and you know it. stop twisting facts a la freeh.
no, he actually was. it's documented that "coach wants to have an update on js." did you not read that part?
it is irrelevant where the word 'jew' "is derived from". i don't even know if that's accurate.
i don't see any similarity. i tend to think 'jew' comes from 'jewish', as in 'jewishness'.
another lie! done more to aid and assist poor and oppressed than the years you've been alive.
ask the people in haiti, rwanda, libya, syria. i can go on and on. but who am i to judge, open ur heart woman of god.
y'all really just gonna retweet this like it isn't weird? like we're just gonna sit here and ignore that it's a bib?
-it's a little's bib
hi sportscenterers! no, i didn't just take week 1 stats and multiply them by 16.
great job on sportscenter bud. you seemed confident and relaxed. nerd out on the the algorithm next time though.
hard to see, but i ran into this drawing by today, and it pretty much was the highlight of my day.
that was at gallery!
this is your twitter api account id
no idea how that happened
fascinating.
i agree, i have so many more questions for you.
three words: ctrl+shift+enter. matrix function'ed into oblivion.
once comes out of stealth, it'll be hard to imagine numbers without it.
set a time and a place...ill be there
tomorrow, noon, close to the tents. :)
there's always the north rim of the grand canyon
actually flagstaff always seemed like a place that could see some weather the four times i've driven through
"jew" is derived from "judea" which was big part of israelites kingdom &amp; king david's tribe
i don't see the relevance in anything you've said since you've made no connections.
she lost her shit! 0-100 fast. lol
oh funny, did she try to give it to you. well if i don't like her then it sounds like she will be fun to fight with.
hilary hit her head in 2012 &amp; can't remember sid &amp; she discussing birther!
maddow screams hilary had no connection to birther. guess that means everybody else is lying? uh, no.
no way, it was kid as hell
dang, pissed i didn't get an invite either
take it to a shop to have them do it
might do that
everyone needs to go look at the moon and then do it again at midnight
is this your love confession to me?
i don't know much about chicago, but just walking around, i get a sense that it's a very segregated city.
yeah! i felt that when i first moved there too, it is a very segregated city...it throws me off a lot
thrillermax...one of those cinemax channels
i was about to say, "the hell is that?!?"
10 mins to showtime at with &amp;
-make 6 minutes, dougy fresh your on,l.o.l
really not sure about bldg a blog , much less . but really don't want to deal w/ . can't i just write stuff?
what are you looking for in a blog? i just went through this process, ended up coding a whole blog in rails, then another in html
where's hicksville in ny. i stayed in manhatten in 06. or was march &amp;v cold. we got married at city hall
thanks for asking!
question of the day: who do you think won the week? trump or clinton?
definitely trump. hrc's phony smiles, fake compassion &amp; deplorable personality combined w/ her corruption is now fully exposed!
why do paragraphs take so long? why can't i write as fast as i think?
in chapter 11, by the way, morgan's crush makes her a mix that is almost all sonic youth and no age, and it is paranormal themed
charlie conway is a fucking trash player. uncoachable, doesn't listen, no discernible athleticism. straight trash.
coach orion was right to take away the c
for me, being the biggest or not doesn't matter as much as the fact that we're as serious about oss as the others
exactly my point, microsoft is doing great in open source let's not mess it up with some random misleading stats
neighbour who bought freezer: "she sold me her frozen mother for $30. how do you do something like that?"
and such a great plan! "you own this now, but don't open it because it's a time capsule."
you shoot with a 50 or 35, ed?
both. mostly 50mm.
saban doesn't differentiate the cuts. he's crude.
so long as he's not cutting chads you may have a chance
you cannot tell me where i should be! i know where i should be and when to be there! choice is a wonderful thing.
thats the greatest gift god gave, free will. but there are ways that may seem right unto the eyes of men. u know the end
my wife isn't offended, she said she is female people get offended over everything it is silly
one person or 100 not being offended doesn't negate the many who are
to the table of 6 ladies who ordered over $150 worth of food and drink, who sat in my section for 2 and a half hours, then tipped me $0...
servers are people to!! we have lives outside of pouring you drinks and picking up after you!!! please treat us how you
*tired squeak.*
what's going on here?
just to make some of you jealous: it is chilly enough right now to justify breaking out my fuzzy pajama pants.
i could use fuzzy right about now. but it's still a little too warm for that in the big apple.
so we finally broke in the new couch in tonight gotta love my harness against the leather couch
oh honestly you are gorgeous.
"jew" is derived from "judea" which was big part of israelites kingdom &amp; king david's tribe
none of that changes the fact that israelites were not jewish.
.: "[] said that he would cut the deficit in half by the end of his first term which he did."
goolsbee is a crazy partisan dude trying spin obama's economic record as successful? hope he has a day job
mr clinton is not running for potus.
and the two shall become one. by their fruits, you shall know them
black american people that's for trump you are sick the lowest garbage on earth you no he's racist, you have serious problems
it's know excuse for you idiocy stupidness
"it's hard to imagine a tax code more complicated than the one we ... have. hillary clinton has come up with one."
mayb u should get ct order 4 trumps tax refunds if ya want to talk about complicated convoluted crooked tax plans his rule of thumb
on the goodwin play he got caught looking back @ the qb. goodwin is top 5 fastest guy in the nfl. revis almost had int in 2nd half
getting "caught" after being torched week 1 is troubling to me. not sounding the alarm, but there's concern
once comes out of stealth, it'll be hard to imagine numbers without it.
thanks twitter, for not providing a way to delete your erroneous linkage.
i'm almost caught up on power, and wow
catch up on the wire next
"jew" is derived from "judea" which was big part of israelites kingdom &amp; king david's tribe
judea is the southern mountainous region of palestine. judea was not 'jewish'.
chill bro me and ran are running this 8's match real quick
lol for 5 beans no one is waiting
to the table of 6 ladies who ordered over $150 worth of food and drink, who sat in my section for 2 and a half hours, then tipped me $0...
wpuld want to be treated if you were in our place! especially if you're in a large group!!!!!
"i want to be educated" how rania, 13, is staying at the top of her class in war-torn
i honestly believe all people should have a education.
does this mean you are the moon? and you never told me!!!
of course cause i need to tweet it for it to be truw
mt : justice department declined an fbi request to investigate the clinton foundation
the new pic in webster's definition of corruption.
woah. who. is. that. hottie?
that is my hottie i love him so much more then any one
you must have a very different bible than most people. try reading exodus.
exodus predates the jews.
"i love music again!!!"
fuck my life i should have bought tickets
so we finally broke in the new couch in tonight gotta love my harness against the leather couch
also i would give my left not to be that photographer
who has gotten new undies recently??
me and it was from yall
when i go to the bathroom &amp; the giants decide to score
lmao i hella believe in sports superstition too though
wtf is space aids? lol
this pre-roi buff you get after the lastest update. if you find others in pve, pvp and private matches.
boy are you lucky someone was with her at the time!
it was me. she is never more than 20 feet from me.
funny thing is.. i, as cherami, love doing walla. i get to play tons of different characters!
did walla for the first time this year. so refreshing to be acting again.
said he photoshopped me into the dakota access pipeline... then texted me this:
i'm gonna make this my phone background.
layover = nap time! airports are testing out sleeping pods
yes - but some doorknob will lie down in the next pod and talk loudly on his cell - love the idea but skeptical
i'd like you to know how i felt when mr trump discounted and disrespected women in the last year. that i can talk about.
i know. he has touched some nerves, i know. but compare it to his opponents, is a saint.
.: "colin powell, a longtime friend of the clintons, really ripped into her."
really disappointed in powell
i'm leaning towards obese. drunk would be a tuff sell for someone working in a daycare facility. and as it's in america:)
there are drunk airplane pilots, so u never know!
send me message. get on plane. get off in santa rosa. drink bourbon in my backyard. get back on plane or stay. whichever.
and can come too obv
my whole entire life i expected to hate any of my brother's girlfriends but holy fuck i am so thankful for mariah because she's the best
literally same.
when is in ny but you're stuck doing stupid shit and can't see her
you knew way ahead of time too.
are you going to check it out kiddle?
i was waffling. but honestly i wasn't going to watch wynonna, and that turned to be entertaining.
i don't know how you pack so much into your head. can i hope you'll discuss milosevic's exoneration tomorrow night?
i had the hasegawa 1/72 scale model.
when different patients see the exact same "hallucination" on different nights, you realize the guy in the flannel is a 1/1
i believe it-part of experiencing such things is being open to "whatever" and am guessing the patients are-=
words can not explain how honored i am for this.. thank. you. sooooooo much!!!!
ps just followed u grace ps congratulations on your win on agt
exhausting night at work. made more exhausting by jerk coworkers. yup. just another day in paradise. :p
i'm just a dishwasher. cleaning out coffee &amp; tea. shakers and stuff like that.
and can come too obv
and here is a sleeping puppy
anthony edwards?
oh yes that makes since. he has more hair than i thought. do we know who he's playing yet?
oh yeah!! it's on my tl but i made nice cuz i didn't want blocked before show. i can tell ya i go in with a chip on my shoulder
it is easy 2 set up an alternate twitter acct.so everybody that blocks me i use diffrent name &amp; talk shit to them that way
lol who produced dangerous
never felt more proud about a tweet till now lmfaoo
then get off then bitch
dodge balls
i'd like you to know how i felt when mr trump discounted and disrespected women in the last year. that i can talk about.
why is it that pple get hurt with said, but covers up &amp; defend what hillary did? irony. action speaks louder
can't believe my dumbass is really about to drop almost $500 on this lol
great grief that hoe fye
freeh admitted his report was only an opinion in court docs. 76 declined to be interviewed by police. curley was head of police
no he didn't. show me where freeh disregards his own report.
i cried laughing at that he's literally just sitting there enjoying the show
how hilarious is that
i can't handle it, i do not need more deaths of my esp not three and six, esp not six
i agree. i'd be very sad over either. but i'm not sure anyone is safe!
bill murray doing air guitar to funk. you saw it here first.
watching bill murray dance and forgetting i'm here then he points at me and yells "dance!" "shit!"
lmao i literally just left there
lmfao tell me why...i was there too i practically live there smh
there are drunk airplane pilots, so u never know!
i think police would have noted if the person appeared drunk, but sometimes the person can hide it. or maybe hungover.
hi guys, new personality here asking for guidance on how to do things right.
always when im about to go to bed... still watchin tho
not compared to a computer screen!unless you have one the size of a wall a la disney's "smart house"
tbh in my mind you're at least six feet tall ms. lanky
where's hicksville in ny. i stayed in manhatten in 06. or was march &amp;v cold. we got married at city hall
it's usually cold in ny from nov to april. oct and may are a crapshoot!
idk if you guys know this but man-on-owl is my bag
you and silk spectre.
i'm just a dishwasher. cleaning out coffee &amp; tea. shakers and stuff like that.
just a dishwasher, you say. you're in a position of unique power there, y'know.
i just got a wet willy in this bar
that means he likes you! get it!
lmao literally my situation tn
it's actually tragic
then someone else commented on my tweet and she brought back up. it's some gang shit. lmao
that is sort of what happened with the kelly thing. the guy at pump restaurant. i did not want to go there. so i get it.
wtf is space aids? lol
you get it from other guardians
someone please explain, why i'm always blamed for everything. i didn't do shit and my dads automatically thinking i did something.. -___-
i'm blamed for seriously everything.
think it's over and the honey sans prozac is working.
nvm, were just refilling the bong. might be getting contact high &amp; one of them is a laugherer who has to stomp the floor erry time he laughs
you realize the guy in the flannel that sits on the end of the beds is uhm, well, a ghost.
or. . .just a cross over from another dimension. .. experienced in this dimension - its a physics thing - i dont understand
listen to 80s movie hits, vol. 2 by apple music stage and screen on .
queen did the soundtrack to the flash gordon movie. that's pretty '80s. listen to flash by queen on .
where's hicksville in ny. i stayed in manhatten in 06. or was march &amp;v cold. we got married at city hall
thanks for asking!
such a gracious way to put it
fans may hate it but we need a (mentally) healthy casilla for post-season.
i certainly did! no one ever called jvp "coach". here's a little bed-time video for you:
spanier failed to inform relevant authorities, including the department of public welfare, that's a fact. please disprove it.
not sure what the setup is but perhaps converting to sdi before splitting
want to avoid any processing; can cause video delays, which isn't ideal for gaming/capturing gameplay. :)
i have my assignment. hillary rodham clinton. thank you.
may it be well with you. after all said and done, someday, we will shout glory.
sometimes, i wish getting into "the zone" wasn't so hard. once i'm there, it's like magic -- but it's hard to get there.
i am curious did you find ways to get there more?
excuse me? she is pastor &amp; thus responsible for that "house," &amp; trump violated guest agreemt
and you have that agreement fact to show?
i really just wanted to see you at a yaf function in those.
that was he exact place i was going to wear them
you're so sweet, but i'm not raising your grade in english.
i'm gonna need that a+ before i get my ass beat
we're playing weirdo you took 10 years to find 1 player
yeah but been waiting on this link for 6years
i'm blamed for seriously everything.
i cant even focus on my studies cus my own dad wanna start drama with me... okay. :/ i'm literally done like wtf.
nw - amityville terror (2016)
i'm very nervous based on the rating - i didn't do any research - i'll be picking most of these movies blindly with
we're playing weirdo you took 10 years to find 1 player
i had to hit ppl up to find one and got 1 lol
with all the focus on health, why *crickets* when her life is threatened by ?
cause they don't actually care about her health as much as they care about her possible demise
yeah, not sure, i'm assuming he overpowered the caregiver to do what he did. must have been a sudden attack.
then that would also mean that he was trespassing and/or invaded the home.
[stellar tidal disruption] *...history will be kind {2} me {4} i intend {2} write it...* -linus
confession time? here's what i got a curious creator i~open~sourced a-plot one's private dic~tator now a.i. calls the shot(s)
who is "coach?" and do u realize there was zero sexual abuse alleged in '98 incident
swaggy p says you embarrass as a fan.
the president and all others are still convinced majority of sa are ignorant and passive and don't. and they are right.
it's because anc leaders have become arrogant and dismissive of people's views.
i had to hit ppl up to find one and got 1 lol
would you guys play for 40?
albee's plays, it seems to me, are about the lies we tell ourselves in order to go on, and the necessity of sometimes stripping them off.
and sometimes that they're the only structure we can devise to keep us living, sir. like yourself.
sounds like karma to me. evil and savagery gets you bad results.
karma isn't real next. they are misinformed
, i agree. but doesn't this go against feminist, strong women? men need a handbook these days :)
being considerate isn't anti-feminist. we can all look after each other w/o encroaching upon misogyny.
god my kyle maclachlan thirst is unreal
no one is shocked that i'm way more into paul from the 2000 miniseries
so fun to see in his element and rocking the big
i'm still out of breath from it hoo boy
obi-wan: [pensively] what if they threw a star war and nobody came?
it will be a great day when schools have all the funds they need &amp; the empire has to hold a bake sale to build a death star.
absolutely. never trust a parent that feels that they are being unjustly treated.
even if she answered the door for this guy, that still was her choice to do.
shingles is no fun. at all.
had them in my 20s; still have forehead scars.
. friday injury report (9-16-16): ramsey, fowler jr., parnell &amp; thomas are removed from game status report:
does this mean that and are now playing? please say yes!
to be fair, i call him goldshit.
so did i. ever since he started taking timmy deep every ab
the force is strong in our car right now :)
may be that's the secret sauce to make a car driverless or flying! hey you never know.
the runs like a normal train from the shinkansen platforms at .
is it included on japan rail pass? need to get reservations early or available at short notice? looks very cool.
queen did the soundtrack to the flash gordon movie. that's pretty '80s. listen to flash by queen on .
in the '80s, i bet some people did a lot of lines of coke to this song. listen to titles by vangelis on .
even if she answered the door for this guy, that still was her choice to do.
maybe he pushed his way in after she unlocked it.
wow great thing there's not a box of cheez-its in this vicinity because my cravings right now are for about one (1) box of cheez-its
well they make the boxes so small it just doesn't make sense to save any of them
ha ha ......love it ......
and another reeking boil
all of them look great but i can see a lot of great touches to the final iterations
aw, thank you denver!!!
facts, i never understood that
crazy smh...hope you're recovering well!
i'm no mike dudikoff. that said, step 1 is a trank to the neck. baby, parent, whatevs. also, walk on the ceiling.
i just think next kid we're gonna put a pool or something in the middle of the floor to make things more interesting.
why waste time on liking frat boys when there's an abundance of cute athletes?
how many years did it take you to realize that? set a freshman football record don't forget.
dude it was great meeting everyone! thanks for hanging out!
you're the best. thank you! that show was unreal. see you guys next time!
happy birthday homie i have a tall can with your name on it
thanks bro i need one!
that's dead my son, tell him i said i soon pull up to his games
you know my brother?!
stupid 20-somethings probably getting pollo tacos
super al pastor, no crema but leave in the chunks of avocado.
guys, how do uniqlo shirts fit? are they thin?
if you split the difference between a hanes white t and a kirkland white t you get uniqlo
the relevant authority in this vague report situation was read the law. psu followed it.
i have no idea who you work for or why you feel such loyalty to enablers of jerry sandusky -- penn state enablers. but gotta block u.
thank you everyone that has supported this release thus far. cop da traxx
the picture with the prior tweet just shows my mood and gratitude.
ah yes, there are many pregnant men
yup, that was one of the points of the tweet in context of the larger conversation.
i feel the same way! is a great show. i am going to try out - i hope i like it
just wish that would get better at nurturing its shows. i don't know what the issue is. perpetual bad marketing.
they looks yummy
i especially tried to make them look like candy so ppl would want to lick their monitors
in the '80s, i bet some people did a lot of lines of coke to this song. listen to titles by vangelis on .
"listen to the sound of the high-end on my brand-new cd player. that's digital, baby!" &lt;does another line, bleeds slightly&gt;
hillary resorted to birtherism last time she was losing an election. and history repeats itself.
funny how wants to look at all trade deals to fix them... in 2008.
hrc: "i'll never be the showman my opponent is, and that's ok with me. just look at the show he put on with dr. oz."
dt hidin behind the curtain a wizard of oz a fraud a coward weak man lets girl tin &amp; straw man take all the risks
if you split the difference between a hanes white t and a kirkland white t you get uniqlo
def on the thinner side but not too bad.
if all pundits tweet is feel good stories, but ignore austin shooting public won't understand cops
i have no idea what the "austin shooting" is.
real talk: are you also somewhat dismayed about the use of "roguelike" by pop gaming press to mean any game featuring random levels
i don't think i read enough gaming press to see that but it does sound like an odd thing to do!
now you know i follow you on the tumblr...that question aint for you.
just making sure.
but weren't you on the bng side??
had to be with albert
i didn't make fun of you for being homeless i made fun of you stealing a phone from the ppl providing you a home
why can't you let it go lol
there's plenty of room in jimmy's phone booth!
you had a chance last night to not just be a clown, and you blew it.
i present you with 100% undeniable proof that , and started
gadsden lol
thank you :) ")
you're welcome (:
how long are you there????
until early november. heading up anytime soon?
what's the best/cheapest way to upgrade and trade in a iphone 6
take it to whatever phone provider you have
if you feel so strongly, why aren't you there leading the protest? b/c you have as much guts as you have facts?
another truther. bye-bye.
castro valley football won a game baby whats up
nice try arroyo lol
these bugs are already making me terrified about what cpu throttling voodoo lies ahead.
try this. lock, unlock, and start an interactive pop gesture. does it lag for you?
check out this scrunt, some csgo with
yasss lookin pretty snazzy there trevor
agreed. i'd be hardpressed to stay up the entire time.
i'm lucky because i have a reliable dvr, and people can stream later. but just doesn't seem to be nice...
. tells me i'm among the top 10 in their record number of appearances. my 37th appearance airs sunday.
why would anybody watch, kasich has no honor and he has no party, he cannot be trusted.
disagree. for instance, how many "great awakenings" have we had?
cult leaders have had some of dt's pull, but who in politics?
just a dishwasher, you say. you're in a position of unique power there, y'know.
besides getting soaking wet,the smell of tea,coffee,milk, fruit pure a ,boba (tapioca balls) all the time.
when you leave $20 worth of apartment stuff in your boyfriend's car and he's moving back to school tomorrow
just come with him
she is the shepherd of that church, so yes, it is her house and they had a deal that he broke.
again do you have that factual agreement! it is not her"house".look up whom a house of worship belongs too
words can not explain how honored i am for this.. thank. you. sooooooo much!!!!
so grace isn't taylor wonderful? take care
hillary resorted to birtherism last time she was losing an election. and history repeats itself.
seems the washington post should be getting 4 pinocchios on the clinton birtherism issue!
"listen to the sound of the high-end on my brand-new cd player. that's digital, baby!" &lt;does another line, bleeds slightly&gt;
having said that, there was a bit of tape hiss on that song. i'm joking around here. sorry for those offended by humor about hard drugs.
i really miss driving
and my family
i didn't make fun of you for being homeless i made fun of you stealing a phone from the ppl providing you a home
like seriously, jenny and everyone else already dealt with this with you why are you gonna bring it up again
. tells me i'm among the top 10 in their record number of appearances. my 37th appearance airs sunday.
kasich will never be president, doesn't have a chance in 2020
yeee bought to watch blairwitch
this shit will fuck you up
i'm here btw!
literally just pulling up
im free tomorrow. or rn
tomorrow its a date
you should have killed him
i know i was busy making his family's beef free burgers
thanks for the rt and likes
yvw :) i've also shared it on our fb page. good luck with your event!
people say we should make web apps more like native apps. here's 's app offline - a failed promise.
if only we had promise cancellation :p
blown away by all the love i've received today for my birthday. thank you everyone.
happy birth day nick you are the best.
alonzo once told me "you can't change a hoe into a housewife" wasn't he right that's the only time he's been right too
that's why i don't even try to change them just let them be a hoe!
is the most generous, warm, fun, passionate persons i know.
so fun hanging out. next stop: the city of large boulevards, splendid architecture, and wonderful people: .
i had to ask to come with because i knew i'd be too shit-scared on my own!
we loved it!
can't wait for babe to get here
you mean you can't wait to lose in fantasy this week
so this happened.
it was at that moment was put on the hit list
listening or a tat? actually, you know what, the next time i see you you better have "see you at tha crossroads" on you.
not out of the question tho
i don't think the people voting for trump who aren't comfortable in their own racism are necessarily uncomfortable with his racism.
not to be poetic, but, white people living the unexamined life not worth living.
just saw a post on my neighborhood's asking for help installing on pc &amp; iphone. should i call them?!?
ask them to open an in app support ticket ;)
is it a dude ir a woman??? human or z or mix like murphy?
i need a rewatch of that part. it was so stylish too.
i just don't get why the rest of the ducks were offended by it. he has no real leadership skills.
who does?! adam banks got moved to varsity, and dean portman is mia. kenny wu?!
we're playing weirdo you took 10 years to find 1 player
bro just lmk how long? and for 40?
i learned a new term today. it's not legacy code, its "vintage code". sounds way more trustworthy.
it was also most likely bespoke and artisan crafted..
aww i love you so much morgs!! it's so hard not being able to see my bestie everyday
i love u forever pls come visit
when my bff just had a fight and we still go out &amp; turn up
what i missed ?
senator refuses to stand during pledge of allegiance via
smuck! take a days pay from the smuck getting tried of ignorance and vote seekers
so fun hanging out. next stop: the city of large boulevards, splendid architecture, and wonderful people: .
can't get a better plan!
good good! i most definitely am!! beat the panthers!
are you coming to any of the games?
a fan is trespassing on the field. next up for him: a jail cell, and a court martial.
why was that even aired????
wtf is wrong with this country? muni isp forced to shut off fiber-to-the-home internet. we need more competition.
actually last mile should be pub owned like roads,water,sewer. isp/telco provide peering et al services w/ massive competition.
you are not even a piece of this puzzle your input is not wanted nor need and will now block both of you
cool don't give a shit lol you fucking start drama like every other person that wants to be relevent
omfg don't remind me
a night to remember
i might have to do another account then in case i start getting blocked a lot. lol
yes that is the address blocked by beador. everybody who blocked me i can get from the page.
that's why i love you
i love u mor hermosa
can y'all take my @ out idc about whatever this gon turn into rn
im boolin , idk what she on
yeah. other than newsome can't think of anyone in the next 4-5 cycles.
i know a few, am v-optimistic. will be obvious to all by 2024. obvious to us by 2020. until then .
you're funny monti i put up the most points in the league last week and i'm gonna do it again
you got lucky forte already got me 30 u going down
today, someone i had just met told me "your accent is much heavier compared to your sister's."
diana and i just looked at each other like
you are not even a piece of this puzzle your input is not wanted nor need and will now block both of you
you got schooled by jenny a long ass time ago and are trying to start shit again? not very smart
ik it's just a picture of our shoes but behind the camera was pure happiness. i'm lucky to have him in my life s.m
ew, k. no one cares crackhead
i do indeed. i upgraded as soon as i got the tv.
that's good! i like mine too! got it about a month ago.
but actually though.
the increased battery life will make all other concerns go away.
emmy parties were so fucking crazy, my dick is raw from strangers doing coke off of it. kind of an empty feeling?
now i'm really laughing
a cute name for a cute baby!!!
she's my sister's dog. i'm dog sitting for a couple weeks!
bm, gh, and ec are better than the fame. also some of my faves on btw but would they sell as singles? no.. are they still excellent? yes!
hml is her best song
i do make my own research and this pos is worst than any person i know .
and you don't even know him... imagine that
had to check to make sure i didn't have molasses in my gear
who uses molasses in 2016
you too brotha
good job today both of you
i wrote a one-act play about ppl asking wut my ethnicity is within seconds of meeting me:
that's disheartening that dudes don't wanna talk about cyrus the great or the possibility of a secular and democratic iran.
specifically is it slow? obviously tom hanks kills it but i'm concerned that it may be slow.
from mom: "it was long but good"
watching the show i'm dead warren g look lost af
lol most hilarious show ever
two pitches off the dl, blanco has to watch a neanderthal hurt his leg right in front of him. .
but that was security. why was that aired? it used to be banned.
, you came to the show looking for personality?? all i see are caricatures. e v e r y w h e r e
yeah, a lot of them - but sometimes you find interesting folks on reality tv
"wade second greatest sg" your stupid ass is the reason this fanbase is thought of as a joke
not the fanbase, just you
nice shirt announcer man. way to respect the ladies at playoffs
ugh, classy
thanks! made it myself! used cherrywood bacon too! its soooo yummy!
if this tastes as good as it looks i'll marry you. hehehehehehehe
absolutely. never trust a parent that feels that they are being unjustly treated.
i guess it would have been the mother's responsibility to inform the caregiver that he felt this way, i.e. unjustly treated.
it's like the people who cut into the border crossing line at the last possible moment "whoops im not nexus"
or the people that cut into the toll lane from the carpool lane at the last minute.. oops i'm not a carpool
my question is how did the media allow a fool to play them? trump's been lying, flip flopping and offending since day 1.
meanwhile, media has been reporting hillary, w/normal candidate spin, is the one w/the "problem w/the truth." insane.
forget jail, the wells fargo exec who oversaw fraud was given a $125 million payday via
wait so we, like, reward fuckery?! "oh you caught me!l here's millions of dollars"
i might have to do another account then in case i start getting blocked a lot. lol
i m getting excited 2 see shannon get crushed by mom in law &amp; hope to see get in some action. she brings it
more of an overhaul than a redo, but hey; got getting his prison workout on. who's his prison bitch?
thought it was you :t
in other news, that stupid verizon ad being spammed on youtube isn't gonna make me wanna switch to it any time soon. or ever.
to something completely unrelated. i'm ready for another trip to the east coast! whenever we get to that.
so what you just gonna shoot a gorilla and have that be the end of the movie?
there not gonna use a real gorilla
i was in the woods and had no internet for 3 days and now i have it again. kind of an empty feeling?
you know what's an empty feeling? capitalism
i thought this was gonna be 20 times when cast members went rogue and got all serious and dramatic
please hold your laptop at a 45-degree angle to view this compilation of musical performances
it is way 2 easy 2 ppl now.. you can't even give specific criticism on their professional writing w/out a confrontation.
refutation of bullshit is now called triggering? that's adorable.
stoked for this gem for scoring her first college goal
love you so much
chelsea clinton misses daughter's first day at school -- and it doesn't go unnoticed
chelsea didn't exactly have the greatest mentors, money rules all in the
soccer betting tips contact expert
bet 365 is banned in us
either way, we should get together and play soon.
having our first jam in months
* new rant facecam video dropping in 1 minute * first few likes and retweets on the video gets followed... suit the fuck up everyone
leafy fuck off you literally made weak ass fucking points. your channel is trash. youre a cunt. die.
literally just came home to both
lol i would if i could eat it all by myself
first college career goal. so big time! love ya homie!!!
much live anna. so glad you're back!!
i'd stick around a bit longer but i'm quite exhausted. good night. never stop smiling. :d
goodnight! sleep tight don't let the parasprites bite.
when things go wrong, remember: panicking won't fix anything. not panicking probably won't either, but hey, might as well be chill about it.
people appreciate when you display a calm, level-headed demeanor because it gives the illusion that you know what you're doing.
i should take advantage of the fact that i get to relax in my bed tonight
and play destiny and watch archer.
it just doesnt look that good to me idk maybe ill give it a shot since its switching to cw
watch it pls
celebrate with this sculpture from the collection.
i can't believe you are tweeting this masterpiece in the dead of night, it's exquisite. i'll wait until tomorrow afternoon to rt
way to go michelle obama getting americans running and being healthy
fan running on field if anyone was wondering
i might have to do another account then in case i start getting blocked a lot. lol
then it does not matter who blocks
for real? i'm gonna call you as well then. ahah
dead ass, i better get that phone call cuh
well that's new. this option on every tweet
to be fair, the ability to block someone extra quickly is only available on .
cnn: are those jalapenos? i can't handle spicy food.
cnbc: go ahead. stick your hand in the disposal and turn it on you pussy. feel something in your life for once.
too many peeps in there for that so called crime
salacious junk.
no. it's because you acting like a child.
voting for someone besides the person you like is "acting like a child"?
i also saw "the last witch hunter" today - it was pretty good, way better than i thought. i was impressed that there was no romance at all
alfred from batman, ygritte from got, vin diesel and elijah wood. casting was eclectic but worked really well.
+-----+ u might want to read juuussstt a bit more on this page then
the rag that is printed in is a propaganda tool!
please hold your laptop at a 45-degree angle to view this compilation of musical performances
the radionheads and the whitstrips were pretty great on saturndaynitelyve, tho. don't be a hater, haters.
good mrng team landed from 2day
thanks for helping make work - just finished cleaning up hear... well, nearly
two pitches off the dl, blanco has to watch a neanderthal hurt his leg right in front of him. .
security guards are neanderthals?
someone give me something good to watch i have netflix &amp; fision cable
stranger things, the get down, narcos
people appreciate when you display a calm, level-headed demeanor because it gives the illusion that you know what you're doing.
in short; work today has had a lot of missteps and i have managed to worth through them all, and holy shit i'm ready for the weekend.
everyone all the same way, on top of the time of the ship. the middle of us name is not the journey..
uhhhhhhh, what?!
get an xbox one
i have a ps4 my brother.
i'm attending , the largest gathering of customer trailblazers! join me for free:
cannot wait to see you in the forest
first college career goal. so big time! love ya homie!!!
much love anna. so glad you're back
watching bill murray dance and forgetting i'm here then he points at me and yells "dance!" "shit!"
bill fucking murray!
is it on netflix yet?
yes i only watch the shows on netflix . i dont watch tv tbh . but they just signed a deal starting this year
i love how everyone can be collectively emo in our grouchat and we're all 1000% okay with it.
then it shifts to farts and people being experts about it. i love us.
currently sipping champagne and eating crepes and crme brle and this is the entirety of everything i want in life
coming over tomorrow to ruin it
okay okay, my bad... , where's my check!?
hey &amp; it's pretty obvious what merch is needed: .
i just realized my dick is big
show me the car fax
yeah, but the article seemed to make it sound as though since it was an illegal campsite, things seemed odd and out of place
but the park rangers implied that it was a common thing for people to try to camp in such places.
only if it's weird to grab your own breasts....also asking for a friend...
the person that grabs their ass also likes to grab their boobs, so i'm thinking it's ok?
my timehop for today is full of me being a hoe-bag. i don't know what it is about today but apparently i love sex and taking photos of it
1) own the term hoe-bag. 2) loving sexy isn't a sin!
is it on netflix yet?
that like 2 weeks after shows finish they go on netflix and not like 7 months later
not this year thailand in 3 weeks,&amp;college fees of 4200 all hopes of sf going out with window! need a loan 4college
that sucks... have fun at thailand!!
how tf do u finish 2 bottles in 5 months
it's my everyday work matte so it's real easy lol
i hate when i do cool shit in my car and nobody's there to see
i was there super cool master fire drift
so lovely meeting you at lax en route to our mutual home of ny...you've made me an even bigger fan than i already was
you're also even more gorgeous in person..please follow back:)
neither would vic because he was evicted three time
i never said i was voting 4 him because he's the best player. keep wasting ur time by voting 4 day because shes not winning
i came to san fran w no sweater fuck me
ripped jeans and sandals. why
i can't imagine a cooler movie than one where janelle monae plays an apollo 11 mathematician, or a lamer title than "hidden figures"
but do you get it the figures are numbers but also people too
that's crap.
are you saying other demographics are more informed? where is your proof?
what's up everyone! due to a significant update on my case, i no longer need to...
free the surfer
kingwjordan : i low key wanted to sleep over my bestfriend house was tired prettyy_tnt (via twitter
pisses me off when they don't understand that you are begging just open the door...
i never said i was voting 4 him because he's the best player. keep wasting ur time by voting 4 day because shes not winning
but please stop trying to waste mine by continuing this useless argument.
at least we know americans r getting screwed by both corrupt wallst. funded parties!
i wouldn't touch bush with someone else's dick..
end of morality &amp; veracity. trump can say anything, change his mind, gloss over the truth -- it doesn't matter. all reality now distorted.
alternatively, reality for his 30% core was distorted due to failed education policy--and race + nationalism. then, +20% base added.
rev. faith green-timmons gently put a plug in trump's mouth &amp; he meekly obeyed. then he turned on her
she set up a circus.did you read her deleted tweets before he show ed up?hmm definitely a pastor w/political agenda
never been there honestly. but i would love to visit there! it is a very beautiful city!
thanks. it wasnt so pretty back in the industrial days and when i was a kid there. smog from all the steel mills.
finally done with my harley wig woooo
cool can't wait to see how it looks on you
are you closing another issue?
how did you guess?!?
yeah, but the article seemed to make it sound as though since it was an illegal campsite, things seemed odd and out of place
"things seemed odd and out of place"&lt;--i didn't see that in the article. i think they were just going to tell him to move.
a night of song &amp; laughter w 10/7!
see you there!
cat gaffney man, why not? most skilled on the team. but shit, i'll take guy germaine over conway.
really "the cat" is a good call.
finally done downloading all the apps. i guess i have 223 of them. black is dope, home button feels weird, and camera is a bit better.
literally can't wait for mine to come in!
careful, he name-searches
yeah, i'm surprised people forgot to use the "be cool" rule when it comes to nb cys
had not realized that leonora carrington's down below was coming back into print via next year. nice!
i had no idea she was an author too!
will be interesting to say the least!!
we all know family stuff can get down right nasty. i can only imagine hers. wow
so &amp; might be the 1st ever commentators for an injustice2 tournament! show.
new injustice videos now. period point that's all! thanks!
and is kiiiiillllling those fungi-zombies scenes. how can he be so sweet and salty at the same time?
he's so yummy! yeah, keith, i said it. you're yummy.
just watched the little prince. :&lt; oh my gaaaawsh. i'm all verklempt.
give this a watch:
all of a sudden she's your bff
shut up annoying ass
if you're not here at , my talk about 1.0 is also at i announced that i'm stepping down.
you've certainly elevated the project and the community in your tenure. very grateful for your work!
the party for americans.
. yeah right.. lol you mean the party for these americans ...
never been there honestly. but i would love to visit there! it is a very beautiful city!
when the mills closed in late 70's early 80's smog went away and we realized how beautiful the city was. proud of the change
*whines about motherhood and not being physically capable of things*
i don't know if it makes you feel any better but certain aspects of it (like breastfeeding) scare me to death.
oh - quite the same here. lol
pick one and go! they're all good projects, i bet!
a very interesting take from :
he put one over on the press and they are ticked off!
this is where i'd differ some, i'd be the one to assume that any parent in this situation is at least a potential threat.
"any parent in this situation is at least a potential threat."&lt;--but in what capacity? as a judge? a police officer?
just a bit! will do,can't wait!my brother moved over last year so staying with him,you going to many games? wish i lived in sf!
i went monday ... might go to the saints game
i'd love to have an edible...but alas.
gotta get to cali... these medicinal pot shops would blow your mind. they even sell food (some) &amp; condiments
thank god i didn't pass out at the game
thanks to john
"enough with the bigotry and bombast. donaldtrump's not offering real change, he's offering empty promises."-
thats for sure. pure snake oil salesman fooling a huge swath of the country.
the radionheads and the whitstrips were pretty great on saturndaynitelyve, tho. don't be a hater, haters.
when i say "bone-crushing heavy rock music", you say "dolores o' riordan"
scientists make major discovery while studying the brain on no sleep:
does promoting while they allow monsters access to women help you sleep?
one which successfully sold the game to people who people who would not have otherwise bought the game.
which people? who are these people who bought it because of a "yes" to a really vague question, yet ignored all the times...
rewatching star trek tos and boy, the omega glory is *pretty problematic*.
one of the star trek tos episodes that display roddenberry's political affinities. the worst of the plot themes.
crying game.
that is a great call.
just curious, have you appeared in rebels recon? it would be pretty cool!
not really. i'm in the last episode's chopper bit (and drove chop for the first season and a half).
it feels wrong to try and be happy when the people i care about are sad.
the people you care about who are sad often need you to be the happy one and show them the way back to a nicer place.
quickly let go of anything that disturbs your inner peace and well being. let go of any person that doesn't care about these things, too.
words of wisdom.
molly kidnapped us
and we ended up in san fran
which should i get?
who cares. injustice 2 videos! lol sorry all the hype has me acting like a manchild. plus superheroes make my wang wet.
if i printed another batch of the nightcore zine would people still wanna buy them?
this was p definitive i guess i'll get to work on it
sea ranch. a million hours after we left the bay
we were just looking to head up there in a month or so!
omg it's such a struggle
this shit is stabbing me ode but i love my musical emersion
if this is casilla's new permanent role, i have no complaints.
not likely,i bet he closes tommorow if opportunity presents.......maybe just maybe he's cleared his head and will clutch up
well fuck desiree if u didn't start every call with "i'm a fucking jolly fucking cricket"
goddamit jordan lmfao quit with that shit
pv football loses to ot 33-20 in a hard fought battle
y'all fuckin trash
reading charlotte's web to kiddo at bedtime &amp; i'm 90% sure when we get to chapter where the fair ends, i will be crying too hard to speak &gt;&gt;
that's exactly where my 8-year-old looked at me in disbelief and asked "this is a kids book?!"
wrigley, fenway, petco, at&amp;t, pnc in some order. i'm not sure anyone's cracking that group
i very much agree with these rankings. safeco is 1 of 3 i have left
pretty much what he'd say if he saw my makeup collection
how are you the one va i know who continues to get so many personable voice roles? ha ha!
haha...that's true....although i'd spoil myself with instead...i don't want to be tortured and be sleepy.
hmmm don't think i've ever tried it. hell, i've never even had animal style fries or a mojito. haha!
do americans expect native americans to stand for the anthem or pledge allegiance to the flag?
most americans demand every one regardless of citizenship status to pledge, stand, salute the flag, sing antham r get trouble
oh interesting! do you know to what?
not with enough confidence to say and not feel like i'm spreading rumors
i felt pressured so i chose fast okay
you know what. no its not okay. i thought hard and long about what brand best suits you personally. what a waste
and it ended up that way with you losing said improved debate, so congrats. hope you learned something.
we didn't even have a debate. i just wanted to shed some light on an issue because you asked a question.
no pues wow my mom talkin chisme telling my aunt that she tells me 2 go out &amp; that i'm always in my roomby "choice" just doing work but
goes out once or i go to school &amp; she says i go out too much or been out the whole week mexican independence my from where?
this is a proven lie repeating it doesn't make it true.
if that will make u sleep, please do.
loving this ! thanks, .
perfect night to meet friends in vt! thanks for hosting!
she didn't need to flip out on david like that for what his mother said. that bitch is nuts.
out of resepect 4 my husband, i wld not flip out at any of his family members.some times u bite ur tongue
i'd say come chill with me and eat sushi but you're too far away
too far away is an understatement
i laughed too long at this
it was possibly the saddest dream of my life i woke up crying
how about listening to my story - not just reading a headline - and then talk to me?
sarah you missed the point. bf headline is better and don't have to wade into story to get the truth.
failure to pass criminal justice reform supported by both parties -and liberals and conservatives - is a too typical congressional travesty
another travesty is spewing 's unsafe bs agenda about fingerprints for 's money
true of recipe writing as well! "normally, i hate x but this recipe..." is a giant red flag for nonstandard results.
sometimes a dish is so shitty in its original form that nonstandard results are a godsend
which people? who are these people who bought it because of a "yes" to a really vague question, yet ignored all the times...
... that he said "it's not an mmo" and "it's not really a multiplayer game"? their self-inflated expectations are to blame.
each place has it's dark times and nice times :). it was very different before, and i would have visited then too :)
thats very true
we are also planning a new kombat kast to go over in detail the changes &amp; improvements that will be koming.
people who don't play mk or injustice need to be martyred. boom! fatality!
cut out all of the ancient egypt stuff and everything involving magneto prior to him getting recruited by apocalypse.
dude this sound genuinely exciting. hope we get a look at it somehow. sad you had to cut the magic arrow egypt block though...
she's shown nothing but mastery of her craft and grace under pressure for three seasons. give her that c.
whatever happened t jesse hall? he didn't want a scholarship? not offered one?
single asfuck tell that btch she can have em
must b lyrics
dont look at me father
but i too, have three body pillows.
favourite bffs?
you were really close.
also tried streaming some cartoons. of course i tried it with my favorite one. :&gt;
i'm thinkin you need to draw some thinker :t
the only referral i ever got in high school was for rapping one of drakes songs in class... it's about time i see him in concert
that was so funny omg
dude this sound genuinely exciting. hope we get a look at it somehow. sad you had to cut the magic arrow egypt block though...
that's the most i laughed in the entire film!
so sweet.. wishing you a fabulous friday
are they bernese mountain dogs?
it was such an honor to work with you! we also never got to finish our talk during a break about everything- email me?
yes,i would really love to have your guidance.let me email you.
i am a bit of a tomboy :) ............... just to let you know :)
i like tomboys. fun to be with
harvest moon rising over the diablo range east of san jose.
that's what i saw earlier, absolutely beautiful!
2 more days! follow &amp; tweet us your favorite game day photo using for a chance to win photo!
this is what game day looks like at reservoir bar in !
omg. want. it was $40 yesterday as an app. just. no.
this cost a 5:00 wake up and 5 hours of driving and 6 hours on a boat without catching other fish.
"i used to do drugs. i still do but i used to too" - mother teresa
one of my fav hedgberg jokes
the notion that is less deplorable than the ignorant pigs supporting trump is absurd. she's a mercenary. another dead soul.
"i am getting nervous. but it's not because trump is good. it's because people are stupid."
we're sorry for your disappointment. please ask a crew member for assistance next time.
to top it off the flight attendant in first class was rude i will still fly aa but just thought u should know
i just wish that there was a way to move delicately through this world and never cause any undue grief for anyone.
to be like two porcupines trying to embrace is to be human. (... pretend that makes sense.)
yeah, that looked pretty. he looked comfortable too. liked the team backing him in the dugout.
he needs those low leverage innings to get his mojo back. you could see it in his delivery tonight.
we're playing weirdo you took 10 years to find 1 player
post you fucking pussy i just want to play
surely that should be 'never begin with a sneer'? because telling people you 'disdain' something is definitely sneering
assuming there's a solid rationale for the disdain, i'd call it having an opinion. not always a bad thing.
i just won a one hour uno game
you won 2 games i won 4 shut up
my boss hired that south side san jose gangster guy and i swear he has teardrop tats if i die sorry
sorry that's my uncle don't worry he's a softie at heart
looking forward to gearing up for with &amp; friends!
looking forward to it!
i've been waiting for a message like that on sokmuch tbh i can't believe ppl like this exist
i've thought of changing it cuz i can imagine it gets mixed up in transsexual topics, but....???????
the one and only salad monster,
i still have dreams about how glorious that salad was
story updated! proof given to us by that she did pay her bill at pump
i have some mystery lady that tried comiing after me saying stuff about you, i knew she was up to no good
phone touchscreen capacitor is broken so sometimes it types creepy text messages by itself when i'm not in the room
simple explanation: you are the new conduit for 9mother9horse9eyes9
ouch! you really showed me!
yes..i know..but it don't take much to show a demmy!
best decision ever was driving around in the dark and listening to music with the windows down and just appreciating and vibin to it
i don't think i've every really truly appreciated music until now bc i felt such a euphoric sensation and it was so refreshing
do. not. get. me. started. today.
listen, these hoes is garbage. all they want to do is smoke, drink dark liquor and be in the mix.
i've been waiting for a message like that on sokmuch tbh i can't believe ppl like this exist
like, i literally just went through the tag, popular and recent, and all i saw was an exo post??!!?!
the kitten color printer ran out of ink mid job.
laugh out loud cuteness. total adorableness!!
trying to decide which dick pic to post first
slide in the dms if you wanna look at some and help me choose
hes gonna jump me
i'll tell him not to i gotchu
mac miller took me to the uk for the first time. forever grateful and forever a fan
his new album is fire, we need a collar from you two
it's official: i'm gonna have a huge farm
when you do, can i buy an alpaca and have you take care of it for me?
my car is becoming mateo's closet
not complaining though b/c i get new hoodies
what app is this
it's the ig story's
been wearing these givenchy's damn near every day since i bought them because i don't have any other black denim. that changes tomorrow.
*update* got black chinos
if it didn't completely screw up my credit score and waste my time, i would open an account in every us bank and review their app.
which bank do you think has the best ios app?! (of all the ones you've tested)
. comes back to take the opening set! leads cepelova 6-4 at the semifinals!
this is happening now?? wtf
i should be doing coke off a stranger's penis at an emmys party... instead it's 1 am and i can see port authority from my office window
the idea that there would be any reason for me to be at an emmys party is the funniest part of this tweet
israel: created in accordance with libertarian homesteading and land reclamation principles? debate from my show:
lmao, is this really a debate topic?
i pretty much like any mexican food but flan is disgusting
it's french.
no pues wow my mom talkin chisme telling my aunt that she tells me 2 go out &amp; that i'm always in my roomby "choice" just doing work but
go out 1x or i stay late at school y suddenly salgo muchoexcept when it's chisme time con la tia mex independence de donde?
donald trump sells out birthers
trump played it cool, but i would've said, "obama's father is frank marshall davis, nuff said." see where the research goes.
we're playing weirdo you took 10 years to find 1 player
20 lol big talk
story updated! proof given to us by that she did pay her bill at pump
i call her on it &amp; she blocked my&amp; has a very private acct. i did screenshot some of her tweet shes troubll
and i'm done... haha
ya'll are still caring on about phi phi's faking being the victim of rupaul
pd responding to report of a suspicious subject wearing a straw "cowboy" hat and checkered shirt playing loud music at home depot.
its the crazy guy
lol, which album. i checked one of his records. it wasn't that bad, but everything was way overdone--vocal effects included.
the newest one. birds in the trap. i tried...
being best friends makes it that much easier. congrats on your first goal
couldn't have done it without you (-':
i am truly honored and grateful for receiving so much support from our american heroes...
over 500 supported obama , you just set the bar so low.
top of mt arapilies in australia b4 harvest. best crop in 5 yrs.
what _kind_ of crop(s)? what's the yellow stuff?
it's one of my greatest wishes, to only ever bring happiness for those i care about. but i know that's sort of... unrealistic.
you can try to please some of the people some of the time but you can't please everyone at the same time. what you can do however,
lol i finally got my crocs
we no longer friends
i support . period. hillary clinton &amp; donald trump are the worst candidates that the r &amp; d parties have to offer.
you are electing trump - stein is in on it. she'd rather see instability &amp; suffering than not be 1st woman potus
i wish i could pull ice cold water out of thin air
patrick the last water bender
i'm on the latest firmware so i don't know how to do anything lol
ohh...dang. yeah that is... an issue to say the least
i'm having good baseball feelings!!
we are right on your tail!
(after all, it was the software i downloaded to unlock the keyboard's features that wound up breaking the mouse.)
so... is razer going to replace the mouse they broke?
stay pressed bitch because day will be brought back for a third time before victor is even considered
wow why are you so pressed. it really isn't that serious.
i did my g and they're a bit blurry
watch them in 480 or 720 p
fyi: boxing: steve martin back in the ring after absence of a year.
well, playing banjo does build up some serious arm strength
you would know
hits snooze*
yes we can be alot of fun! country born &amp; raised :) but i enjoy many things too
thing i like about tomboys is they get "dirty" with us guys in sports and are very feminine w/their lovers when it's time
he's getter ready for 2020.
his career is over.
stop blaming. as being a failed president. know refused 2 work w/ &gt; 54% congress 9%
yep, ppl get it. republicans like decided to spitefully hurt us hoping bo blamed. fail
trump concludes single paragraph statement - after 90 minute pregame: "now, we all want to get back to making america strong &amp; great again."
trump the man! btw, your not so bad yourself bill!
it's 1:15 a.m. in nyc and trump is trolling the media. tell me again how he is not the most amazing candidate ever.
trump is in texas right now
pedialyte is your friend. theraflu if you can get your hands on it.
theraflu is my go-to. never disappoints
right on sarah, love your work! keep on building a better world!
thank you! love you guys!
their teacher has cancer and 400+ students went to his house and started singing outside. this is truly amazing
just read an article on cnn that he's unfortunately passed away
struggling to find high quality 18x24 picture frames with real glass and real wood. everything is cheap fake stuff. am i missing a site?
have you tried ?
two pitches off the dl, blanco has to watch a neanderthal hurt his leg right in front of him. .
i mean, guy didn't even have a sign or take his clothes off. what's the point of a field run w/o that?
... that he said "it's not an mmo" and "it's not really a multiplayer game"? their self-inflated expectations are to blame.
i'm fascinated by these bizarre accusations, because there are other criticisms of the game that make much more sense.
i'm so down. we need and and some other girls, too.
definitely!!
if you put spicy pepper things in a donut. you're a dick. period.
that's . just . wrong
i am sure if you choose to eat it, it is lovely. moral: please don't force feed it to any vegetarians, ok?
i would never. ever. ever. i take food requests and or restrictions seriously.
i've gotten so used to the drive from yc to oroville it seems like five minutes ahah
oh same here!lol but ever since i've moved to yc a year ago, it feels like it takes 2 hours to get to oroville&amp;back
i thought they should bring up ishikawa just to walk around dugout with a bat.
w/ the exception of gillaspie ( who has doubles power) williamson &amp; parker, they lack power off the bench
what is that???
pink-fairy armadillo.
story updated! proof given to us by that she did pay her bill at pump
she pd the damn bill so move onthey keep hounding me.i told that woman i had her number &amp; she shot me down
walton deciding to bring ingram off the bench is probably the right move, but the torches and pitchforks would be out if it were byron
starting doesn't matter, it's minutes played and crunch time minutes. that's where scott messed up with .
"4 out of 5 dentists approved my toothbrush. the 5th was obviously an idiot" -
"sonicare toothbrush: an orgasm for your gums"
i know. but the app was like 2 oz
well there is a lot of labor involved. not saying i would pay for it but i get the price tag
i think it's because i'm used to overlays and a smaller facecam
okay well, i think with what i'm doing rn is aight. those vids are old so i'll definitely upgrade
missing my dads cooking :(((
his bbq
what if this is as good as it gets for me?
if this is as good as it gets then ya went out as some fuckn legends... salute
ahhh have you found out how ?
yeah but it's a long story but point is i didn't get one
the tron original motion picture soundtrack is a classic. listen to only solutions by journey on .
there's this journey song, another journey song that's used for background music in the arcade scene, and the rest is all wendy carlos.
louder for the folks up top please
these bitches too simple.
trump's absurd claim that 92 million americans represent a 'nation of jobless americans'
evryone knew boomers retiring en masse liars deceiving &amp; exploiting ignorance. helping.losers
he's a good looking dude
never said he wasn't
this is amazing!
the guy is happy he can go on a hr trot. lol
liz is the goat
liz needs to turn down
there's this journey song, another journey song that's used for background music in the arcade scene, and the rest is all wendy carlos.
i think the original tron movie affected me as a kid the way hackers or the matrix movies affected a younger generation about career choice.
tonight was beach theme at the football game
pure sunshine
exactly what democrats have allowed.
implies gop isn't responsible for their own destiny/rhetoric/actions
i can't bring myself to finish degrassi. it's pretty useless after season 6.
tbh it was horrible after they introduced mia to the cast. idk how, but it's like she ruined everything ugh
if it weren't for this new mac miller i'd be bout pissed as hell
listen these females are impressed by a little smoke and a little liquor and some functions. the type of bitches i ain't need anyway
apparently when i was in high school i had a dream about a dane cook skit that i didn't know was a dane cook skit and wow
dont watch it
so what does that say about her since they're neck and neck in the polls? how is she not slaughtering him right now?
because people like you have been bought either by rw $$ spent over decades or far left ideologues.
i'm fascinated by these bizarre accusations, because there are other criticisms of the game that make much more sense.
in gameplay terms it feels like there are plenty of blank spaces where there should be interesting challenges.
it's one of my greatest wishes, to only ever bring happiness for those i care about. but i know that's sort of... unrealistic.
is do things and make choices that bring happiness to yourself. because that is what ultimately brings happiness to others too.
watching walk on the stage has me in tears wow
i had the best supporter out there
it's 1 am which means it's time for this guy to be wide awake and bothering everyone
does he also sit in windowsills howling into the night sky?
the doubledilla (with chips and salsa) is a gift from the taco bell gods but only if you pronounce it like i do. "double-dill-uh"
i actually do pronounce it like that!!
would love posey to continue this hot streak too.
it's pretty much essential at this point.
robbie blosser of l.a. salesian had nine td passes in 71-0 win over huntington park.
why? try subbing and a little bit of sportsmanship.
i think the original tron movie affected me as a kid the way hackers or the matrix movies affected a younger generation about career choice.
i mean, i was also affected by those other movies, but i was already in college studying cs. the original tron is strangely true-to-life.
to read is to let someone else work for you - the most delicate form of exploitation. cioran
you must quote cioran every day you have the misfortune to be alive.
yes we can be alot of fun! country born &amp; raised :) but i enjoy many things too
country girl and a tomboy??? i'll be on the next plane over there. wink
, &amp; i saw falcons football players on broadway st in oakland
we confirmed by checking the raiders schedule, they play on sunday
i should take 99 and run home huh
just be careful with traffic
such ""
it was a joke i swear
andrew i'm sorry
y'all did good bro, keep your head up
still another hour on this train, misano with breakfast snacks sounds about right.
the race weekend was five days ago
this is why i don't use facebook. disgusting
hypocrite or hypocrite?
i mean, i was also affected by those other movies, but i was already in college studying cs. the original tron is strangely true-to-life.
in life, shitty people will take advantage of your work and try to pass it off as their own. and there's little pieces of you inside the pc.
indianapolis.. this is my city.... i heard about this today..
you in my city
at my wedding, i want my husband and wife first dance to get down and be a full out dance routine!
will there be jazz hands?
when i say "bone-crushing heavy rock music", you say "dolores o' riordan"
hi the skid row part is about 43 minutes in. it's heavy! seb makes some v funny faces.
honey cocaine
you lowkey got me fucked up smh lmfaoooo no
hey satan, since you want to talk about everyone's past let's talk about yours....weren't you evicted from heaven, yes or no?
busted by god, still wanna talk?
this is a computer program my dude
yeah had it before but el gusto had everything that obs had. if you can do it better show me.
guilty pleasure
ahh!! i actually really like tim mcgraw lol!
play destiny way better game do you run obs?
destiny is wack and over due
is do things and make choices that bring happiness to yourself. because that is what ultimately brings happiness to others too.
... i'm trying to make serious advice but distracted by guys stripping on stage.
you didn't read past the headline, did you? what a maroon.
then poof......he was gone.
i could only get up to 8 and now i'm just bored of it.
i'm so annoyed by it rn for some reason
don't be mad cause you can't hang
all she did tonight was yell at me and my dad, and we didn't do anything, also i was caitlin's dd so i couldn't hang anyway
in life, shitty people will take advantage of your work and try to pass it off as their own. and there's little pieces of you inside the pc.
i often imagine android as having little android engineers running around inside the phone for the different pieces that they worked on.
so retired people wouldn't be included in that number. care to make anything else up?
yes they are. you are being manipulated by conservative media that wants dt tax cuts for rich.
if i knew was gonna be at the mclane game i wouldve went to that game instead wtffff
missed out!
what'd you think?
i just finished watching it, i think it's incredibly relevant and is something that deserves to reach more audiences
look like a clown at the circus !
she looks like a fierce beautiful goddess but i'm sure she already knew that &amp;doesn't need your sorry ass opinion
my watch that got stolen after my nose was broken shows up at a pawn shop. do i......
thank you one person. this will be my choice.
i like vicki in orange color i think kelly looks good in a bright plum
nonononon she looks great in red
i'm enjoying this fic so much! it's like reading a korean tv series. ang saya!
did you read her other story? the promise. un completed na.
my mom: see! you look better and even younger with your black hair. you look like you're 11
at least you always look cute af
isn't 2chainz and lil wayne on it!
yea, their flow doesn't really go wit it
my thoughts and prayers go out to the &amp; police officers- in philadelphia.
i second that emotion. thanx to all the cops who risk their lives to keep us all safe.
craving a blunt
but i'm dry )-:
ayyy thanks man!! love the gif
where's my heart emoji
if you don't want leaks, don't build a secret, illegal system of mass surveillance and then hide it and lie about it to the public.
as if secrecy in gov hasn't always been there. ridiculous
the idea that there would be any reason for me to be at an emmys party is the funniest part of this tweet
working for the weekend!!!!!!
twitter hooked ya girl up with a bunch fancy balloons because it's my born day!!
happy birthday!! your profile pic is so cute
retirements are absolutely included in that number. i'm not making anything up.
jeff, ppl who listen to conservarive media are being manipulated horribly, they believe anything
i'm a table of one and they gave me a table for four as if i didn't feel bad enough
this wine i ordered is awful what is wrong with me
how big is this thing? anything for scale?
yeah the pic they gave doesn't show but they said slightly bigger than a softball
look at your cute ass
look at yours
the show is awesome. i'm sorry your taste is whack.
i just blocked him i ain't got no time the negativity he's an attention seeker
in gameplay terms it feels like there are plenty of blank spaces where there should be interesting challenges.
i've enjoyed my time with it, but also got bored. but people don't want to talk about those criticisms, because they're...
on my way to 2020 e olympic blvd los angeles, ca 90021 :: two shows tonight!
have a great &amp; fun evening
help is found in prayer, anything that requires god's help requires prayers. ~ david oyedepo
work for it
haha oh god the growlers are dropping new music and i can't control my excitement it's so good
whenever you say growlers i think about beer.
i haven't watched grey's anatomy in years but if meredith and alex end up being a couple i'm gonna give up on humanity what the actual fuck
why do yoi even think that
im glen. discover which character you are! sign in:
i got, "random zombie torso". what the fuck!?
surprised you weren't at either of the drake shows, second night was insane
i went to the one in la. was more lit
you want me to build you a deck? that costs approx $53/sq ft. to set an appt go to the link-
second best porn bot response after .
i hope one day i'll love someone as much as bobby loved nancy
hey sis, who's bobby?
retirements are absolutely included in that number. i'm not making anything up.
they will never believe bo has reduced deficit, they refuse reality at all costs.
muslim designer, first fashion show with hijab in every look is
this is america for god's sakes. really?
meh, i'm more of the show is rather than ru.
well it's called rupaul's drag race and i never watched drag until she started the show.
lmfao! i don't even get the joke but everyone on my tl is laughing at this and i don't wanna be left out!
chrissy touched it in miami that's why
now gwen stefani gets to do "hollaback girl." i sure hope gwen stefani and blake shelton don't show up at the prince tribute show here.
i would rather see gwen, someone prince produced and put on his own album than someone who never met him or influenced by him
i've enjoyed my time with it, but also got bored. but people don't want to talk about those criticisms, because they're...
... complex and subjective. so instead, they try to find reasons to call the developers liars. they're not liars. they just...
i still have dreams about how glorious that salad was
it truly was a beautiful moment. i wish i'd taken photos so i could make a photo memory slideshow.
my family and i went hiking tonight
when i see all the clothes they wore back then i get heated up and feel suffocated. ok i'm strange.
well ................. it is funny no guys around here get that excited over a country girl lol ....
they don't know what they are missing out on.
met neff the pharaoh, watched piedmont run mps shit and well ...
but most importantly i gots to see my bestfriend
"animal style"....from in-n-out? awesome fries, but never done it neither. but i'm happy in a small town, so it's ok.
same here. i love my small town. no waiting forever in long lines. lots of familiar faces, etc
mlb didnt care about them doing steroids so i dont care either
pretty much how i feel
this is my friday night. getting texts like this......
lmaoooooo you got the juice
there was some article saying he ordered a steak, and i was like i am pretty sure he is vegan... lol
nah just dumplings!
buster posey's entrance was so iconic.
i must be missing something here????
didn't she tell him to go home? maybe i thought she did, but didn't.
i don't think so. i didn't hear her say that anyway
note how dems alternate b/w (a) look at this great nyt/wp article destroying trump! &amp; (b) media won't attack trump!
&lt;&lt; now a trumpanzee himself! they all out to slay the lady! is real!!
hillary left office during the great recession. job loss was experienced across the nation-not only in new york.
shell win new york by a long shot so obviously new yorkers nuanced and intelligent enough to see past talking pts
not bad i never get my nails done because i work in operating room it sucks.i want to for wedding in oct i may try this
what wedding?
noooo i tried that ... didn't work :p
um, yeah. been there, done that.
thanks to everyone digging 31!
hopefully i'll get to see it before the weekends out.
2. even though he wasn't there half the season he got one in 2014
oh yeah couldn't remember hope you and seth are doing well
sounds like she's just mad cause she isn't a part of the keystone club
i think she misses rjd now that the villages have him
lol ! we may not agree politically but that's funny.
i would hope having a sense of humor transcends politics.
and this person said it was a educator for 40 years and a education administrator. i bet all its kids failed.
gwen is a moron, wouldn't want that person teaching my kids
he's not trained for such endeavors
i think i got it at safeway last time. i can grab and leave with concierge
... complex and subjective. so instead, they try to find reasons to call the developers liars. they're not liars. they just...
... didn't make the space game of your dreams, which these accusers had somehow persuaded themselves it would be.
hapoy birthday nephew! i love you and i'm very proud of you!
thanks uncs love you more !
you're getting old eye sight b weak ho rahi hai shadi karlo
no its the nazmabadi; awakening.
watched weeks ago! havent used since. but
this isn't star wars, after a month its open game.
story updated! proof given to us by that she did pay her bill at pump
colin is a jerk &amp; his site is gone which proves he did wrong.don't 2nd guess yourself we love y the way u r
sid blumenthal is the scummiest man in dc. there's nothing you could tell me he said or did that would make me go "no way he said/did that."
"sidney blumenthal skinned a living baby with his own teeth." "...huh. okay, i hadn't heard that, but..."
mostly fine. rural parts have lots of unemployment &amp; meth/heroin use though. young whites are getting high even in the rich
what are the ethnic groups in the rural/rich areas?
dec. 29, 1890 450 native americans were killed
and in the 70s: siege at wounded knee, 1973
i had the el gato hd60 too, but i preferred obs it's really preference and siege is a tight game
siege is great, i need to get into it again ima see what obs has to offer but i did have it
62 days between home runs for buster posey. that's longer than a britney spears marriage.
everything is longer than a brit marriage ... so this isn't really that funny.
what a scary statistic! americans are working harder and making less! we need competent leadership!
yah, because rich companies import workers and stiff contractors. ringing any bells eric old chap?
just daydreaming out on my city..... :
home 2 the throne of life.
aww don't you have to pay
yeah but it was only $5.00 so it was cheap
story updated! proof given to us by that she did pay her bill at pump
look at your picture for gods sake. you are stunning. be happy and love all the good you got. your great.
so nice to meet you and thanks for coming by!
great meeting you too liz
it was so nice to meet you in person amrit!
hey! lovely to meet you too lien
art. groundbreaking. breathtaking. inspiring. legendary. iconic. riveting. stimulating. exhilarating. invigorating.
seriously tho we need this mv
friend: brings up harry in the groupchat me: brings up louis also me:
larry stylinson will never die
is jimmy secretly in cahoots with his former nbc colleague trump? that seems to be the only tenable explanation here
aren't you all?
we are all surrounded by magic on set as for earlier this week...
you look so beautiful
i'll be better once i'm back with him. but he leaves again october 1st...hope you're well, too!
i totally understand that prayers as always
sorta wish i lived in nyc
it's a great place.
buster posey 7-for-9 in the last 2 games
bout time posey make giants rosey! make me want to suck his toesy
at long last i'm going to see what's under the gyro! but i won't spoil it for you...
keeping mine on. what's under there?
lol that wasn't even about you, chloe.
i'm trying to move on with my life and for some reason both you and your little boy can't let me go.
sadly, limahl died in a tragic...wait he's alive, nm. the neverending story (giorgio mix 7") by limahl on .
sadly, limahl's career tragically died shortly after he made the classic from the neverending story i just linked to.
today's political reset button: when your laptop goes into sleep mode
ahhhhhhh. that was a delightful pallette cleanser. thank you.
well i'm not okay so text me
, reply i just did talk to uncle cor
american girl's newest character, melody! a 1960's "civil rights believer, chorus leader, and daughter of detroit."
is forever doin it right, i literally love going into that store
i would think within a reasonable amount of time...or maybe one hand on ass and one on boob...i'll do some research for ya!
i'll be expecting an illustrated report by monday
i'm easily the worst
are you still in sf?
but mingosu is already in 765
wrong mingosu is technically in ml so i'm still right
i can only assume so, but to murder the person you claim to love so much you can't live without them, sounds insane.
i don't know if he claimed that. i just know he was seeking some level of custody.
literally cried my eyes out when i found out
hes been dead what the fuck im@
oak grove and santa teresa are major rivals here in san jose. easy choice in san jose.
dela vs antioch is a nationally televized game- with the nation's recruit, easy choice
lol ! we may not agree politically but that's funny.
so trump... really? lol
so no proof started it then? sad!
if u really think politifact is not political i have a bridge for you!
"i can't say enough that learning how to learn is one of the greatest skills anyone can have" -
agreed! despite the excellent resources (methods, books, etc) on "how to learn", it isn't taught in schools but should be!
i don't even feel bad about that dad's burger today. shit was hella good and i needed it. rough ass week of gym it's been.
dad's is fire!
burn them all. sutcliffe forever!
congrats to you and the entire north side on the 2016 world series!!
shut... how do u know i just wasnt in the area...........
i met you twice in socal omg looool
. patrol at ?? with your designated drunks? i help only those of true hope. not death warmed over.
but there's an orgy in hillsborough but if 'its all the same there might be mirrored one or two to blame. what's his/her name.
i tried but i needed to download pic monkey or something like that lol
but don't worry we always have parties at my house so for the next one
sadly, limahl's career tragically died shortly after he made the classic from the neverending story i just linked to.
"the neverending story" is "die unendliche geschichte" in the original version. the book is pretty good.
fuck man i just got home lol. there's a spot by my house if you want some quick shots but it might be too last min
aw man!! hahah i'm home now, thanks though dude, are you going to the meet tmw?
hillary's self-deprecating quip about being "better at the 'service' than the 'public'" is more damning than endearing in light of right now
she doesn't get to choose. the job is both.
how does mean that hrc had anything to do with the birther movement? lol
clinton staffer wrote the email lol. she was then disposed of lol!
clean sheet for who for what
clean sheets don't matter if you win all the games. i think he knows he can't keep a clean sheet with this team so doesn't try
it's a badge of honor, oh by the way,
it's a badge of honor to be unpatriotic &amp; antiamerican, inciting domestic terrorism?
too many bitches are shady
you pretty but you loco
back to where we met
i thought we meet at dear jerry?
who's trouble?
that phone acct w/ that girl meghan tring 2 get me 2 answer questions.i told her 2 go away
i got a question, do you actually like sex in a small shower. i actually want to hear someone opinion.
shower sex lowkey whack or so i've heard
what shade am i
the brown one bc u look like shit
real problem with moments is that you can feel the bias in it--which is a huge mistake for the platform
could the live stream save i loved it and can't wait for them to purchase additional rights.
all seriousness.
thanks dude, film school starts maana!!!!
it made me so sad. like.. i know it's a movie and it's fake but fuck.. that hamster was minding its own business.
yeah wtf i love all rodents don't kill them
well , but most want . i am used to it, it is okay :)
city girls have city girl attitudes. country girls know how to treat their man.
trump is going to win regardless.
for some reason if she ran she would win, michelle. for two main reasons
check out this cool episode:
nice but where the fuck is our newest show?
higuera/high st.s popular collision intersection, minor injuries, no impairment suspected.
whats happening on hwy 1 northbound? both lanes stopped.
meet the man who started the birther thing. hint: it's not | getty
and this is what u call news worthy.trump &amp;anyone else have rite 2their opinions.we r still afree country
what if i just sold my 3ds and went to another store and bought a new one
make sure to try and grab one that's like, older looking. happy home bundle n3ds for instance
great!! how about you?
im doing amazing i'm listening to justin and just got done packing my last things for my la trip for my birthday thursday
danish man pulls off once in a lifetime basketball trick shot.
winn win win no matter what
can take a few more questions - non-trek now welcome
where will you be filming the voyage scenes?
so great to see see more canuck reps at !
2 years ago i started hashtag for cdn thoughts alongside tweets. jump on :).
gonna have to go to the times square f21 bc they have the most selection so i looked up hours( bc gotta get there early af 2 avoid tourists)
tell me why they're not even closed yet. they're open until 2am like damn that job would suck lol.
it's just a bit to show she can poke fun at herself, she agreed to it, otherwise fallon would've never dared to do somth like that.
she always pokes fun at herself unlike mr. t'rump.
trump is very competent at that part bernie was super competent at that. dude was like "y'all got fucked and i'm so mad on your behalf"
i'm with you all the way to bernie was super competent. he moved nary a folk with melanin in the skin friend.
i think uber picks up there.
that was my theory. that's gotta end as the place is fucked for dropping off now.
this is that hip-hop piece to hermitude i was telling you about a while ago! re-watched it, still it
this is so good
burn everything down.
this is california, give it time.
i guess he didn't read the article? i think he thinks this is a compliment...
i honestly think it plays well with his base
hillary clinton's '08 campaign chief: we didn't start the 'birther' movement
spineless! blames for his birther movement. childish. unpresidential! cowardice!
thanks! made it myself! used cherrywood bacon too! its soooo yummy!
i was afraid you'd drop me in the blocked bin for that. grin
lucinda williams' drummer's mother came over to instruct us in how to cheer for her son when he's introduced. yes ma'am.
we cheered as directed for the drummer, to the general amusement of everyone onstage.
well happy early birthday!! safe travels!!
thank you honey
can't wait till the class is studying your material
ahahahaha thanks dude! i will have the opportunity to screen some of my favorite movies in the dining halls huge screen!
"some premier league clubs cannot do that." mapp hails the +3,300 heading for mk dons:
contact them when ever i have a problem
also i do not understand the pun of his name, if there is one. nahyuta sahdmahdi...?
from the wiki...
shutup ur gay
im actually straight thank u very much
get a girl who can do both
and look so incredibly hot doing both...
how did i miss u today?! i wanna hold tomorrow! &amp; finally meet u irl!
you did miss me, i did not, . got u in the pic :) see you tomorrow
we do it cuz they don't treat us with respect. it's a give and take relationship. but they don't give, they just take.
"an eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind" --just trying to give some insight, make the best of hs xo
tell me why they're not even closed yet. they're open until 2am like damn that job would suck lol.
i thought they closed at like 12:30 oh well, i'll be there bright and early @ 10 so i don't get suffocated and trampled lol nite xoxo
i meant dad's kitchen. one of the best burgers in town
oh, lol i've never been to that one. but.....dad's on folsom is fire!
i have many friends/family who have different views than me but at the end of the day it's all love or i think it islol
lol you are related... they have no choice
we cheered as directed for the drummer, to the general amusement of everyone onstage.
and yes, that did redeem the terrible beach boys show last week. whew.
michael clayton/clooney ran into no country/day-lewis that year but how did my girl tilda not even get nominated? she was exquisite.
whats worse is how paul dano was robbed that year. there will be blood is on my top 5 of best movies of 21st cent thus far.
ask me how many shits i give about or anything she has 2say about me?how much $$ did she give 2 clinton
our sentiments exactly.
tbh ive always figured ppl talking abt trans issues have dedicated tags they use :t
somehow their posts still dominate the tag even with all the kpop/etc. posts, so they can chill a lil~
'hounds win and make history!!! three straight texas league titles!!!
yes congrats
it's getting hot in here, so take off all your clothes
but if it's too hot for comfort, and you can't get ice cream cones, taint no sin to take off your skin and dance around in your bones
oh i guess because he shit on the media...
because he's strong
thank you. very kind of you to say this.
actually offended that genpowell speaks with such disdain.so respect genflynn&amp;his efforts.bravo4
just moved to boston and i need to know where to watch us beat ole miss, anyone have suggestions??
white horse tavern! my brother lives there
metallica fans like this make me cringe, this was a review of hardwired from an upcoming album.
lmao the screenshot print is even smaller then i thought it would be.
won't be until 2017
was wondering if you might be using the black sails sets in south africa
tonight my agent told me this was my best tweet of all time. he is the person who sells me to the world. i don't know who lil twist is.
the hurly burly years, revisited
a melt your sweetheart
so true. collin sure melts our s.
caption this photo!
"if my calculations are correct, when this baby hits 88 inches per hour... you're gonna see some serious sh*t."
it's amazing how buster posey can go from playing first to catcher like yes
most catchers can play first and catch ... it's actually pretty normal.
oh you know we agree on his missing race analysis. but anyone angry about the financial crisis could at least feel something
i did not friend. i felt agitation at all his finger wagging. but yes i get the point.
working for the weekend!!!!!!
that point in the night at which i'm crying laughing at my own jokes.
my heal bot healed people we then just killed, lol.
this unit dispensed justice
that's not milk tea
yeah it's better
still works 40 hrs a week &gt; a 93-year journey from a former slave's lap to the electoral college
i vote because of her.
thank you bay area community for attending our 2nd tourney. grats to winners &amp; !
grand finals youtube vod - full vod on twitch -
ft me , im bored too
im watchin a movie thot txt me i got hella shit to tell u
oh i guess because he shit on the media...
we're lucky he's in shitty shape, or else we'd be subjected to photos of him riding a bear shirtless, like his buddy vlad
i did not friend. i felt agitation at all his finger wagging. but yes i get the point.
she has to get compelling. or soon he'll just need to show up to debates and not fall over his shoe laces to beat expectations.
thank you for the follow - hope your day has been a good one so far!
thanks for the to you too. i had a good day. wish you a good weekend :)
i left my heart in san francisco
i'll be here when you get back.
that point in the night at which i'm crying laughing at my own jokes.
everyone else at the office is deathly silent as this is taking place
i love ac/dc...and can sing the shit out of it
they've been thunderstruck
is it really
yes change your handle to
you know we in there
yassss. my bbs gna come thru, everyone tries to call me out with errrythang cause i'm from fresno
the reason i like trump is bc the gop hates him more than the dems! both parties hate lol. i think that's a good thing
and by deplorable i don't just mean a trump supporter.i mean a real deplorable like these fellas
goodnight sfo going to bed after 27h awake
thank you for organizing the tesla visit. we've just started the fun. beers tomorrow?
here's the twitter page of the guy who bashed yesterday.
this guy had some girl make up account and came after me two days ago pretty bad. i got a few screen shots.
aww shit i'll be sleeping
don't worry theres always tomorrow
. on rams-seahawks: the rams pull off an upset thanks to a weak offensive line and ciara's attendance.
lost by 4 tds to the weakest divsional opponent they'll have all year scoring no points. i don't see it.
first iphone 7 photo :)
so good in low light!
trump finally has withdrawn his birther claims about obama, while he himself has been unable to prove he wasn't born a complete douchebag.
regardless of how he was born he sure definitely grew into one!
honestly, what the $#@%ing $#@%?
"the system is rigged folks" .. but not to the left or the right.. but to the money, and the clicks :)
edward albee, a playwright of a desperate generation, has died at 88
it was a pleasure to act for you - it was a pleasure and i learned alot. you will be missed
every time i see a new york meme. i always tag in em. jack you got timbs yet
you know i got the timbs
1+1=3 it's not adding up
"light skinned keith swe-"
why she keep calling my phone speaking sexually? every time i'm out, why she stressing me? you call her stephanie? i call her headphanie
you just heard this song lmaoooo kys
i'm in my late 30's &amp; was working @ my 1st college internship during the lewinsky scandal. all of her prob. sexism
all her fault huh? blaming women for philandering husbands? enough of you.
naaaaa ... but, sometimes not. i am pretty easy going actually.........
my kind of gal then.
the pink one is buddy, he's a moderately more complex drone than the other 2
trying to build him simple for the moment, just follow, move to, pick-up, drop, bring
mom: do you want color contacts me: id wanna try them out maybe why mom: your eyes are an ugly brown ....
my mom has bright green eyes, she calls mine baby shit. i feel this on a spiritual level.
67 times donald trump tweeted about the 'birther' movement:
donaldtrumpreal spineless blames his racist birther on hilary. be a man!
agreed! despite the excellent resources (methods, books, etc) on "how to learn", it isn't taught in schools but should be!
&lt;~&gt;ironically after a course in learning skills, people get better grades. comprehension &amp; retention improvemnts are surreal!
if i make a man watch enough buffy can i turn him into a feminist?
there's only one way to find out
russian scientists kept five people awake for 30 days. but they never expected this to happen!
if this really happened, it was an absolute atrocity.
i just listened to the acoustic paste version of 16 years and wrote a long ass instagram caption about my griswolds tattoo and now i'm emo
i read your instagram caption &amp; somehow i'm more emo than i was
oh also do you like have any idea how to do typesetting and stuff do you im p sure i asked a while ago but yeah jw
tbh idk what that even means, hahaha
i'll be in reno
cool to go at like 10? tryin to sleep in a bit tomorrow lol
a lot has changed this year and so have their attitudes. they aren't the same people you knew when you graduated.
still talk to the dude pretty frequently, and knowing him he's willing to make compromises if and only if you guys are too
eating chicharrones and cooked pork belly, drinking a mint julep and missing my very much!
miss you too girl! every friday...
oh also do you like have any idea how to do typesetting and stuff do you im p sure i asked a while ago but yeah jw
if that has to do with video editing and subbing i don't have video editing software at all :///
one of my best friends wedding not me yet lol
haha that's fun though
when there are cuts in education, the first to go are the arts. how fucking sad.
educational system is corrupt. very sad indeed.
watch him squirrel out of them somehow. his base won't care
the white supremacist vote is locked up. those margins aren't changing. only margins changing are hers.
there is a giant family traveling on our bus that are all grown ass adults who are being super loud and i'm about to epically shush them.
i'd like to know your tactics here. i may need to employ them myself.
rockin' her poet laureate sash, reads ode to alameda at attn:
aw! thanks, bud!
i don't have any fucking hoes chill
i was just playing ma'am. james is a respectable, cordial gentleman
there's no need for all of the hate. i wish you happiness in the future. hoping you can find the right path.
u can't be a rapist and hashtag right path
okay. sit there for moral support of my fatass
if u ever wanna be half as hot as i am u would stop eating the world
how dare you say "aren't that good" rude !
yep.mets better than people think.overcame bad injuries+once a team like this catches fire u dont wanna meet em in playoffs
i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies. let's make america great again!
donaldtrumpreal spineless, blames racist birther on hilary. be a man!
ya i'd stay out if that mess
your right. i am tired and have to go to sleep. work all day tomorrow. blah but money yeah
im tripped tf off of meth
some foo in the town said this not me
i'm waiting for my nudes
rome wasn't built in a day. let them cook.
new handmade earrings!
they're absolutely beautiful!
harvard study confirms the media tore down clinton, built up trump and sanders
exactly. media is biased in their reporting.
if u ever wanna be half as hot as i am u would stop eating the world
your personality makes you drop to about a solid 5
i went up and helped the person, pushed the little isle and helped her be on her way. it's just crazy how people won't help people anymore
i saw a similar thing the other day, lady loading chairs in car. 3 guys walked past wo stopping.. "need help?" "please!" she said
pretty much all i got today cuz i played a ton of new songs that i haven't played. learning new stuff for next time!
i can't believe how much you're playing again even though you have to drive so far. i also can't believe how good you still are
well sweet dreams! i think i can sleep now :)
sleep well sweetie. i'm going to be up for a bit longer. only 10:45 here
sister (who recently got married): aapa, do all men think they're dying when they have the flu?
in other news, congratulations, you now have a (possible) 'pinned tweet.'
internet of things holds key to mystery of mh370 - the nation by
interesting perspective. i am not sure how the author thinks will help move a plane's data to an airbase though?
's nurses have done more to serve humanity than the hindu terrorist rss that masquerades as a cultural org!
and far better than murdering raping .
'literally' shutting them down. you block anyone who opposes you! you're unstoppable!
nah, just the loyalists who say penn state forever. it kind of kills their credibility out of the box.
yeah its like putting the subs onto the video and making them pretty e__e ive been trying to learn it but im too dumb
ahh, yeah, i really wanna be able to do that for dalshabet too
amanda was trying to convince a band to let her in after playing expert when we were 11
u gotta admit i was raw on rockband tho
didn't she tell him to go home? maybe i thought she did, but didn't.
i just watched it again and she didn't tell him to go home. which makes that line all the more confusing.
your personality makes you drop to about a solid 5
my personality is better than my face !!!! i'm
i'm wondering if the mcclatchy story tonight is related to him being blacklisted by the obama admin
does it matter sb asked mclatchy to investigate &amp; backed off when nothing find? trump ran w/it despite evidence.
i don't really like it. lol. trust me, it don't compare. go to dad's kitchen!!!
really?!? you're just a tough critic lol. &amp; i'll check it out!!
trying to build him simple for the moment, just follow, move to, pick-up, drop, bring
ideally buddy will become an omni-bot
lol . . . apparently. all i need is my basket.
here is a basket. stay awayfrom cunt coulter.that bitch is poisonous. she's the spinster in the middle
how did the guy who directed get shorty end up making the kevin spacey cat movie, how did this happen
this is tom bosley and thaaat's hollywood.
use lube bitch. stroke in circular motions. lick the tip. get crazy hoe.
use two hands, use yo feet, use some spit. you cannot soft-stroke a dick and expect him to curl his fucking toes bitch!
as for looking down upon nurses: go fuck a cow. when you're in a hospital bed staring at the fan, who the fuck do you think you need? 9/n
you do that regularly? why? you do not have commie idiots to fuck?
rip if i figure it out for kmuch i'll help u out w/ dalshabet \o//
lol, thanks i can try asking a ds fan who has subbed before
omg this is so tragic
we will find a way somehow
"will notify you if a fix is released in a future update"
that's pretty unacceptable for a broken mouse now.
phoenix pastor accused of molesting girls, impregnating teen
priests are pediphiles around.
i just want to give the most epic kudos to my white tweeps, who are courageous enough in their convictions to speak on white privilege.
i have devoted my life to this - doing it in ways that allow ppl to open their eyes &amp; change - not be defensive = empathy
that most likely fell off a water pump or water trailer possibly a water truck.
thanks the chp thought water related but wasn't sure exactly what it was
watch out. that's my son
fuck all of y'all
i wanna get back into traditional art but i don't have the cash to shell out for new supplies
literally all that's in my inventory: 3 .5mm lead pencils with 3 cases of .7 mm lead, and a 5+ year old v fountain pen
what is even real anymore?
dogs and burritos
this has to be fake
i agree cause like if that was my kid i'd break my car to get in.
ok so i assume a mouse squeaks because it's small. if our fursonas are human size wouldn't a mouse fur's squeak be a deep scary "squeakkk"?
only if they couldn't actually speak; exclusively squeaking would probably be some form of mental illness
i wanna try but i'm scared
scared of what
literally all that's in my inventory: 3 .5mm lead pencils with 3 cases of .7 mm lead, and a 5+ year old v fountain pen
and my old set of 30+ copics
happy birthday to my fav fav twins(minus the divasta's) i love u!!!
thanks allie! i'll be up at cuse soon
i honestly don't know rt : why y'all follow me but don't speak?
i'm sick of you
you must be wrong because here i am nhiff nhiff
jk u gave me karamatsu charms so im obligated to have affections for you
i have full confidence she can destroy him in a debate. i have less confidence she can wrangle him into the ring
that is the realest. she certainly will struggle more if she doesn't get in the ring. now.
lol! oh it tastes awesome! hehehehehe
now that you have my attention... grin
hello, wonderin if i can send u info on a support tool for chronic pain patients? its an app
as a chronic pain sufferer, id gladly receive some info.
you just put me on the spot and i wasn't ready for it :)
honestly: i think if something was good in your life and you find out differently, you work hard to believe what you need to.
new pjs for rhett but they left the sensor on them &amp; it's an hour drive. any other stores use this kind?
megan good advice and it truly works put it in freezer no lie leave it in there over night and cut it next day
cashews aren't that great anyway
omg my brothers allergic to cashews too
visiting east coast relatives and they had this waiting for me. they trying to send a message?
you're the king of wishful drinking?
crust is literally the best part
dude forreal
this quarterback was homecoming king, but he gave his crown to a friend with cerebral palsy
publicity stunt... those white people .. controling you still black man... blm. mlk. kapernickel !!! do something america ! your move !
they don't know what that is.
this is about to be a roller coaster of a weekend. i just know it now.
i hope she's okay that trash can looks huge
luckily it's plastic and not one of the old school metal ones
and now they're gonna think i wanted to see it
and now they're gonna think we're frrrriiieeennnddsssssuuuhhhgg
mother of civilization
true indeed.
trump constituents
he promises to clampett down on illegal immigration.
'hounds win and make history!!! three straight texas league titles!!!
congrats to you all and all the great players that have played this season for the rockhounds
lol so it was you ! i was trippen like who the hell ! but thank you i love you
i'm glad you liked it. i love you too !
is dgd only gonna play acceptance speech and later bc that's not what i paid for
they usually play some older stuff fuck it up tomorrow !
rip if i figure it out for kmuch i'll help u out w/ dalshabet \o//
i'll let you know if they get back to me, their stuff is super nice~
dmc05 mobile freindly hd download is available
yeah... sucking that cock to the sound of people walking through the halls 20 ft away... mmmm
you made my own loss funny. laughter tears - so much better. "it's halloween w/o your mother!" you killed it.
i was depressed on the bus home then the polish woman popped into my head and i started laughing hysterically
that is the realest. she certainly will struggle more if she doesn't get in the ring. now.
god he's the worst. his plane delayed me out of dca today and it only added vehement to my fire.
thank you my friend, this is so great! how generous you are with your support.
you are so welcome. great content needs to be shared on the twitter.
new pjs for rhett but they left the sensor on them &amp; it's an hour drive. any other stores use this kind?
it works :) i mastered it :) the store left mine on
where's the fall weather already?
feeling it in nyc
original, pre-moulin rouge cover. listen to rhythm of the night by el debarge on .
they only changed a few lyrics for the moulin rouge version, but i think it was 6db louder on the cd.
i was saying the same thing. she was just with him, why would she say that
she was the one that brought him there after he got shot lol.
yeah, that's where things get very tricky. in these situations, most studies conclude that lying is constant, so hard to say
but where are u getting the idea that she was lying?
sorry... trump hasn't got anyone killed hrc has....
lots of projection &amp; deflection. typical defensive tactics of the intellectual deficient.
yo where the party?!
soon to be san francisco for you.
here's an article discussing it:
you guys love to pivot. but you won't admit that your coach didn't do enough when he knew jer was a pedophile. why is that?
you are confusing a later name with the religion: the religion itself dates to abraham.
jewry is not a religion.
you're so pretty
i know who
and now they're gonna think we're frrrriiieeennnddsssssuuuhhhgg
snapchat! you needa ask me before you autoplay snap stories!!
where are you from sam?
i am an angle from heaven.
i'm wondering if the mcclatchy story tonight is related to him being blacklisted by the obama admin
does it matter sb asked mclatchy to investigate &amp; backed off when nothing found? trump ran w/it despite evidence.
if that were your kid you wouldn't let/post a vid to go viral either. that's a locked door ass whooping imo
yeah if his ass didn't get killed first
it's been 5 years, and trump's still pushing the notion that isn't american.
go teamhillary! i'm inspired every day
i really needed that, . got through a tiny chunk of fear tonight. plod forward.
we love you, patton, thanks for coming back
as they should, they wont make it if james keeps listening to those dbags in the house though
wants hes out of the house hes done with them fools trust me
you are confusing a later name with the religion: the religion itself dates to abraham.
all i know is that abraham supposedly castrated his son. sicko fucker he was.
i miss dancing with you guys
aww i miss dancong with yall too we have this dance at my school tomorrow&amp; i kept thinkin about
no better way to celebrate the jets win than watching the
a jew joke? the holocaust happened. wake the fuck up ass hole.
i miss dancing with you guys
how ill prob be dacning by myself
all i know is that abraham supposedly castrated his son. sicko fucker he was.
christians do not come from this abraham who castrated his son.
fifa17 was free for about an hour
fuck. i woulda cop'd. i finally caved in on a ps
i pray that every women with a good heart puts her heart in good hands
like state farm?
i'm not exactly sure, really. it is new england though. you've got some white ethnics but i guess the rest are anglo.
so the english do drugs? well i mean i guess they have to, but it sounds strange.
finally they have a website! and our class photo is featured .
lol. welcome to the world wide web, guys.
cnbc: go ahead. stick your hand in the disposal and turn it on you pussy. feel something in your life for once.
whoa apparently i should be watching more cnbc
so the real question... what have you been doing?
... being a child of god (:
it's starting to get cold. need that special someone to cuddle with now
you and me both.
epic he od and ruined his life... epic fail....
you're pathetic, you must live a miserable little life. i almost feel bad for you.. almost
me too!! but from bashfulness!! i didn't even think that was a good story (but that's just my self deprecation talking)
oh my god ^^^ that was for
i knew someone would mention it but not you
ofc i would, who else? i commented just the other day
girl all you need is your fam and if your man treating you right then he cares boo
i appreciate it gorgeous
he was trying to get out of jersey like everyone else
myself included.
jewry is not a religion.
jewry dates to the neo-babylonian empire.
omg my brothers allergic to cashews too
maybe they're related
the first time i gave a handjob the guy fr has projectile sperm idjmkknfnks it shot up like 6 inches in the air.
i went home on the train with dried cum on my sweatshirt and a loose track hanging off my head. i'll never forget &lt;3
i really needed that, . got through a tiny chunk of fear tonight. plod forward.
also, the best asl sign is "priapism until death"
how did he get there?
must have strayed away, although i can't fathom how he got away unless they willfully let him go
if i ever draw batman, the batmobile will be an old fiat.
maybe they'll have you draw the batman in italy special.
my little sister told me that you said hi, thanks and hi would've been nice to see an old face!
i know she getting tall kinda and i didn't see you aha if i would of saw you know i would of said hi my ninja aha
i never understood why people idolize beyonc the way they do
honestly tell me what makes her so great... i'll wait...
i need somebody with a pickup truck to drive me around while i sit in the back of it and belch at people through a megaphone
i'm helping you with the vancouver trip and the gold toilet, i think that someone else can get this one
i hate compulsive and pathological liars
what happened
can somebody go to this chief keef concert with me
one of u filthy hoes better come
how'd it get so cold so quick
science bitch
relationship goals
yeah i just was angry cause my lady won't do this to me :(
going back to pc for halloween is honestly sounding more and more like a good idea
i wish i could tbh. lol
just wrapped up my remix for the remix contest! might be releasing it for free dl week! who knows!
yo sick thanks for the like men! btw holy shit the sleepless ep is flames
yeah that's true but they can do it naturally by working out &amp; toning
everyone's body isn't meant to look like that.
to fund drug dealers and sell missiles to iran. but i guess he "tore down that wall"
and how he refused to ever speak about the aids crisis, you know, a disease that was killing thousands of americans?
yerba buena high school's detention
this is literally lemonade mouth
champs!!! 3 peat!!!
congrats to you and all the guys!
"the worst thing that can happen to you isn't dying or turning zombie. the worst thing is surviving." damn. that shit's deep.
turning zombie would be fun as hell
i have 6 different varieties of la croix in my fridge if anybody wants to drink them before they waterboard me using lacroix tonight
trying to watch the last ship. your water boarding will be frowned upon or celebrated based on if i like this show
he's not getting his pension.he never did corruption. after few years a person with no job eventually runs out of money.
also, individual wealth is not a measure of someone's leadership skills? jose mujica, for example?
everyone else at the office is deathly silent as this is taking place
you guys? these fries i just stole from a coworker are extremely spicy
so glad we're acquainted.
love seeing you happy baby girl.
when you hear the birds chirping before you go to bed
did my lurver make it home safe? his phone is off!
so. that wasn't nearly as bad as the internet made it out to be
at all. i thought it was good. lol i'm really not sure why people were so pissed at the cliffhanger.
snapchat! you needa ask me before you autoplay snap stories!!
got me out here doing finger gymnastics learning all the hot corners to keep my life in check
all my friends are downstairs at caesars palace but sometimes a bath is all a girl needs
hope st. anger is being played during this bath
i see it but he entertains asking them ?s when he has to know they are lying to him, nat will be hurt by the convos
sorry not watching feeds lately trying to find every little thing to nit pick at them
owwwww you're talking about the pic sorry sc kept saying failed to send all day yesterday
oh. what did you think i meant?
i've realized i hate not being in control, or knowing that i can't do anything or change someones mind. i hate feeling helpless.
you are in control of you! kick ass this quarter!!!
lmfaoooo, pv's "field" might be at ramsey park, that's so fucking trash smh, i'd rather keep going to the games @ whs or cabrillo
our "home" field is gonna be approx. 1.7 miles away
bts of musical newbie edition!
where's my segment noah you're dead
who got fucking slaps playlist on soundclink
i got simp playlist
rt tedr: duh! yes.
shout out for using a classic rt ;) i was always a fan.
this mane cancelled a show way in april talkin boutnsome recording the album now he wan release sumn smh
figuring out how to tell everyone you sold a brick of coke for the 5,000th time is a process. let him be
it's awesome dude! bring like 4 friends though, becuase less than that is really hard
i tried looking forever for the gif where eleven days "friend?" but i gave up lol jk. but yeah i need to go
worst people ever
i try not to blame anyone since i don't know their situations, but they came up and complimented me after too? so like wtf?
is this your favorite imam? don't you want to give him a big 'ole hug you sensitive, loving beta?
fuck this imam
i just added mad people on facebook i hope they add me back
of course!! you're ksace! miss ya bro
that awkward moment when you're eating dinner across from someone, both at your own tables, and it turns into a staring match.
oh that was you?!?
my mom keeps sending me bitmoji who showed her this?
look she asked ok!
i'm ok with arguing he didn't do enough. in hindsight he admitted that. but he also said he didn't know js was a pedo. why lie?
why lie? because it calls into question why you kept employing a guy who'd been grooming kids for molestation dating to 70s.
crying won't change anything but damn does it feel good...
yes. it can feel good, but it is draining. so don't cry too much!
(think i'm in love with ralph angel. and the soundtrack of course) i see you !
and hearing on got me listening to comfort woman, bitter on loop
the movie wasn't that scary right? haha
i have a cross around my neck 24/7
page 464 chapter 690 ibn ishaq's definitive work sirat rasul allah
these two idiots think they have a say in islam. lol
i said goodbye to my best friend of 19 years today and i only cried a little in the car on the way to work. i love you
not a goodbye, but a see you later sav!
are you even a girl if you never bought this book
omgi really do have this book! lol
lol everytime i come home and play with candy i get scratched and bleed somehow
not when im around
american muslims are fine. these ones want to kill you.
where is this image from?
are you babar? don't try to be over-clever. sunnis still hate you.
he is a no one who now thinks he is important in islam. lol
i love makoto shinkai. his art in unbelievably gorgeous
oh man i didn't even realize this was by him!!! have u seen it??
lol nasty drunk i should say
you know me sus
merry christmas, i just found it..finally!
didn't someone else skate to this... who was it again. it was last season, i think! :o
if i can teach those goats to build free-standing structures this is all gonna become sustainable eventually
if the goats are working construction, who's driving the pickup?
and u jihadis can suck 5 of ur cousins simultaneously. wow
islamic filth getting no respect at all. lol
up next, via apple... listen to miss ko: gma winners i wish to collaborate with on .
not a fan of the first two songs on that playlist. this one's . listen to hills by jonathan lee on .
ayana taketatsu and kitaeri on the stage for !!! ener...
i hope you got to chauffeur them!
i think they are taught at a young age to kill infidels such as yourself. idiot.
this is that shit muslim
characters with my mbti type: -tywin lannister -the governor -the emperor how about a hug?
you forgot draco malfoy. at least i'm in good company for being a total sociopath...
if it wasn't for day &amp; michelle, tiffany would have been gone a week earlier tho :3
day was the reason t was always in trouble &amp; immed put target back on her after she lost hoh
predates them being called that (were called israelite in egypt-sons of israel)
jews were never in ancient egypt at the time of moses. jews didn't exist then.
i see you
all of us sudden girls
how is she gonna stand for over an hour?
i really appreciate all the effort you're putting into helping me prove my point. as it may be.
that's not how this shit works
"maybe not!" will seep into my dreams and turn them into a mcdonald's meal with just before the nukes fall.
the show is your thing don't even trip
you replace the cancelled brodie bc nobody thought he was funny
this guy was the best then they kill him
***great photograph, jim***
today i ate mac and cheese out of a red solo cup on my scooter at every stoplight on the way to class
that's what i call talent.
meet the repressed!
i'm so exhausted just seeing this guy.he seems so annoyed and so imperious.be a democrat,be happy
what led to you embracing and sharing your patriotism/conservatism? genuinely curious, thanks!
probably as fed up as the rest of us feeling like overwhelmed babysitters to the people running the country
no, it wouldn't!!!!!
you wouldn't know shit just eat people... no responsibilities or stress lol
still trying to ruffle feathers with absolutely no facts. it's an awesome troll though, at least it's funny
no, i just really think if the university has that many memories for you it's impossible to see the truth.
damn i just got stood up for the first time in my life. definitely doesn't feel great
if it makes u feel better. i had a dream the other night you were getting married. you had a great party! so fun!
hi dis me ft tiffany's cat that i love
you only make this face when you're with alcohol or cats lmao.
didn't even notice i was wearing a midland rockhounds shirt today. it's hot pink. it will always be a fav lol
you like pink.....never knew this :p
look at the moon
reminds me of you
thank you. how did you guys do coach?
34-7 w. 3-1!
how is she gonna stand for over an hour?
it's great for people to see what they're supporting if they're considering voting for trump.
judea named after where tribe of original judah (son of jacob/aka israel) descendants lived
what's your point?
if is interested in pushing a open source fpga toolchain is yet to be seen.
i'd love to see open source fpga tools too. i've been pushing on the vendors for years.
bill's back, baby! watch him recap the latest election news in his monologue:
watch him let kellyanne conway spew her bs and kick his ass
this song is making me so fucking emosh rn. i love!
which one dear
this pic has been posted before but it's a good memory. hey
whats ur necklace i like it
leena dropped us off @ starbucks and didn't park cause it's sf &amp; me n izzy ran back in the car and i was about to get in but leena was
stopping traffic so she decided to drive off and so i was running with the car with the door open in the middle of the street
got me out here doing finger gymnastics learning all the hot corners to keep my life in check
can't have people thinking they just get views from me
i smell a wap in your mouth from luis
yikes why did u have to go there
i still burst out laughing every time i see this
the way she tosses it up ay the end
i'm just bring this back real quick
im done you be using fake likes and rt's
~12% of the population, ~42% of the new jobs. yikes.
~0% of the land area &gt;.&lt;
i wanna get fucked up tonight pero like no plans
cop a bottle ill bring some dope
he did not admit that. he said "with the benefit of hindsight, i wish i had done more."
i love people knocking victims going for cash. the biggest cash cow in hv is psu football. it couldn't fail.
so over dealing with constant bullshit
you okay gf?
if you knew hebrew you'd see the connection immediately. jew &amp; jewish means of judea.
"jew &amp; jewish means of judea."&lt;--jewish just means they are of jewishness.
if it wasn't for day &amp; michelle, tiffany would have been gone a week earlier tho :3
this1/that1 saved her is a mute point when it was a 12 hr cease fire btw backstabbing/targeting her
if you knew hebrew you'd see the connection immediately. jew &amp; jewish means of judea.
judea was not "jewish".
~12% of the population, ~42% of the new jobs. yikes.
wait i misread that totally ignore me
if is interested in pushing a open source fpga toolchain is yet to be seen.
your work is great, and i've been following it for a long time. unfortunately, ice40 is way too small for what we do.
i am such an egg
honestly you are
"[h]e strongly urged me to investigate the exact place of president obama's birth, which he suggested was in kenya."
what's import of sb asking mclatchy in person to investigate exact birthplace? to spread rumor or find truth? need to ask sb.
i've been selling damn iphone 7s non stop since 7 am
i'll have a drink for u tonight
if you knew hebrew you'd see the connection immediately. jew &amp; jewish means of judea.
i don't see the relevance of where the word 'jew' comes from.
you're welcome, i really enjoyed it :d! i'll let you know when i record another video of one of your games :)!
yes! please do
how is she gonna stand for over an hour?
he's turned the gop into the party of racists &amp; bigots, lacking in morality that don't care about child rape.
doing an unfollow spree like this to keep the mutual!!
i'm serious about this guy!
if you knew hebrew you'd see the connection immediately. jew &amp; jewish means of judea.
no, "jew and jewish" means they are jews.
pls save me the next train is in 20 minutes
still here limited cucumber left
he did not admit that. he said "with the benefit of hindsight, i wish i had done more."
to not entertain the thought that people close to the university made sure this didn't get out is defying logic.
many ppl in the world make fun of 'red-blooded' americans. well, true leadership is coming world, get ready.
this the f hijabi
doing an unfollow spree like this to keep the mutual!!
i'm serious about this guys!
it's great until somebody kills your ass. lmao.
eh so it has a short shelf life.. you won't care since your brain is rotting anyway
check it. it is in the hebrew. direct derivation meaning: of judea, from judea (i.e. israel)
i don't give a fuck about jews. jews killed jesus according to the bible.
the bar is playing the clash and the smiths, plus it has a bird. i'm good
i'm not though
people simply have had enough of being sneered at by an out of touch political elite.
-nigel farage looks like his head sort of fell away from his talking mouth.
do you think donald trump discriminates when hiring minorities for upper management? wonder if he still uses the letter "c" to identify?
in a major land civil rights case a major oil company made jokes about the black jelly beans at the bottom that will never rise
the israelites are the jews: same 12 tribes of jacob (aka israel) descendants
wrong. the israelites were not "jews".
my uber driver said "fuck" when he heard his gps say "red light camera ahead" and the floored it and screamed "fuck it"
don't worry, he made it... barely.
ya, la was lucky enough to get yg and snoop, wish i could have been there
oh i went the night he brought out rihanna and lil wayne
yeah that 'maybe not' is pregnant with possibilities. i guess he's back to tweeting uh.
is so much better.
if you knew hebrew you'd see the connection immediately. jew &amp; jewish means of judea.
it's only your opinion that there is a connection. there is none.
that's hella funny
i was literally accused of being a school shooter every time there was a lockdown
- you did a great job tonight. the kelly ann interview had to be frustrating. she is scarey in her truthiness.
frustrating? he invited her on knowing she would do exactly what she did. he got owned.
i think you need to get some rest
and i think you should give pickles another try
i miss you too!! i'll be back sunday!!
i have sooooo much to tell you bb
take my money ramsubin2
give dal shabet some groceries and a warm place to stay
lol, same thing i was thinking. i don't understand it, lol
they can't admit to his bigotry because it confirms their own bigotry
you misspelled malevolence. ^_^
that works also.
imma cry if i have to get a shot
update: all i got was an ivy &amp; it wasn't that bad
not standing for the national anthem, isn't disrespecting those troops.
as daughter of a man an air force vet &amp; mother of a sea cadet &amp; future marine, i respectfully decline.
idk how it's possible to love someone who pisses you off as much as they make you happy
so true. i hate the accuracy of this, along w this meme
i said slaves speaking of time periods etc. jews the egyptian history the roman history, is what i meant
there were no jewish slaves in ancient egypt.
over a hair flip? i'm yawning but uh, get your shine girl
i just don't see the point of that article honestly nothing against her.
.'s game is real!
she had an excellent first year and it's only going to get better. congrats!
proud of the guys tonight, we had our rival game and lost on the last play of the game at the 1 yard line.
i swear it was the titans vs rams super bowl finish
not a fan of the first two songs on that playlist. this one's . listen to hills by jonathan lee on .
more adult contemporary . listen to by li ronghao on .
panel 27 of the pokemongo! murder mystery.
this is some real shit!!!!
whoa apparently i should be watching more cnbc
they've gone all nihilist over there.
the tonga room is incredible there is a boat with a band !!!!
oh man, i hope you're having tons of fun and drinking rum from a pineapple
lol take another l then bro
lol i won once. but you went crazzzzzz after that
late night tweet f w me if you still up
late night bruh you finna get active with
i was early. filled now
i'm in that shot somewhere!
can it ujust be day 9 of the event already i dont wannt to waste dia but i wwant this ritsu asap hes so precious
m e right now im dyign
1 command deploy is my and many others choice, but rolling your own works too
ok, will try. handy samples?
actually, no. it got over-played on the radio though.
. yeah, i never even saw the movie. it looked really boring. but the theme was all over the radio.
and i think you should give pickles another try
i just did and was extremely disgusted
ahhh u got me there lol wyd rn
im at in n out with hails
not standing for the national anthem, isn't disrespecting those troops.
as daughter of a man an air force vet &amp; mother of a sea cadet &amp; future marine, i respectfully disagree.
well. i downloaded dubsmash after requests during periscopes and i'm still up. so... thanks for that.
haha she got her new insomnia addiction!!!! hahaha-ha um what's with that bat? i..i'm...*crack!* "technical difficulties"
truest tweet anyone's ever tweeted tbfh
bruh those girls go crazy lol. loca ass julesa and hyphy ass tiffany. some unstable mothafuckas
so today mom and heather totally embarrassed me in front of a really cute guy )':
literally wanted to run out of the restaurant and cry lmao ... maybe hide for a year or two
idk what it is with mom's but they hate to see you relax
they never tell you to do shit when you actually can spare the time to do it. always at the worst of times lol
awesome, will slow down your warriors attendance.
im taking him with me!
im not nit picking jason,im rooting for them but at times james asks for unnecessary doubt by entertaining those jerks
i'm sure when nat runs up to see him all doubt will be lost should feel bad for the guy not be mad at the guy
i said slaves speaking of time periods etc. jews the egyptian history the roman history, is what i meant
jews wouldn't have existed at the time when egypt had slaves.
it was my birthday today and damn near nobody knew.
happy birthday!
views from san francisco. what up .
this looks like the tech filter in dtsf
i needed the laughs....considering. thank you: &amp;
in you we trust
.'s game is real!
look at sa's bench! wow!
getting pulled over and getting fucked over for having the last name "penner" haha welcome to my life
you know i relate to this on such a personal level
m: the emoji for poop and ice cream are one in the same, although most people think it's poop. h: majority rules; it's poop. m: utter shite.
poop by proxy
"turned the party into racists?" funny: i seem to remember ds calling rs racist for decades.
do you remember republicans agreeing?
^true. i thought my brother raised his pitbull to be kind/peaceful then it killed the family cat. dangerous breed
that has little to do with the breed.
i colored the pic and i think its cute now where are nic and evan
warning conatins yaois dont like dont read deleted after 20 seconds
nigga what's funny
just scroll down my tl and seeing this nigga llyod is hilarious to me bro idk it just is
you mean like trump who is actually out on the campaign trail doing 2-3 appearances drawing yuge crowds?
should know she's been watching a joke running this country for 8 years
i can't wait to get back to carson. i'm tired of all these mfs snoring, doing dumb shit, &amp;people not showering even tho there's showers here
the males bathrooms &amp; showers are literally right across our tent. &amp; they still choose not to shower. like whyyyy?! sour balls
bad words, but it's funny
oh i've heard you say some colorful things before :p haha and it's a good laugh
seth and rusev will probably both get knocked out by roman.
hell yeah cant wait to see that
propaganda...should show the other side when pit bulls aren't so cute and cuddly.
it's not down to the breed. it's down to the training and temperament of the animal.
has anyone ever seen anything more beautiful?!
takes second to your avi, tbh
sure... you can't be worse than
animated gif of on the sticks.
damn that's literally my childhood in flames yo
damn i wish i could light my childhood dreams on fire
that is what i study for a living.
lmao, good birthday (also, happy birthday!!)
the warning was inadequate.
yea.. threw up once i saw how yellow the cheese was... literally 5 seconds into this garbage.
damn that's literally my childhood in flames yo
damn i wish i could light my childhood memories on fire
four years ago today, on sept. 17, 2012, i was tagged by . to celebrate we're having a party! -;()
happy anniversary!
ios 11 wishlist: grouped notifications. please.
this is still not a thing on ios?
great 2b back tonight on ! and just as race is tied- its like america's watching dr strangelove and half are rooting for the bomb!
i'm rooting for you to see the light and stop providing a forum for conway. colter is bad enough, but people know she's a joke.
well, maybe make it anyway? or something on trumpy's mendacity &amp; thuggishness? (lot of material to work with...)
been thinking on it too long. fingers crossed for something soon (and time to do it!)
lmao always right before you're about to leave too. like i been here all day and now you want me to wash the dishes lol
fully fitted, friends waiting outside "hey can you unload the dish washer and take out the trash and put a new bag in" lmao
this...uh...isn't a good idea.
this is the only way to end new england destroying our country, turning our kids into transexuals.
that's why i stay focused on the mission- people will disappoint u if u allow them 2
so true. and it's exactly why i refuse to date anybody now lol. can't allow disappointment to distract me from my purpose.
i believe there is a wolf pack orgy happening in the woods by my house, i'm bummed i didn't catch an invite
maybe it was that thick wolf that ran out in front of me
i'm so appreciative of the real ones that made it work and came to tahoe for my birthday!
we gout to get littiieee tomorrow
keep it that way too
any woman that can't suck dick right should go to jail too lmao
just means it's more acceptable now that some celebs are doing it... oh, and it's not gay now.. cuz celebs doing it
right like foh
my storyboard teacher wants us to make a panel of a cartoon dog w his feet in the foreground isn't that like some deviantart furry fetish
it's almost like a wait for it hot dog
award winning actor from and now is preacher six!.
***hi, kyle..finding you everywhere! lovin' it.***
the only apps on my entire phone.
you fly with sw a lot?
interesting thought, but what would make you believe this? recent interview with him, or just a gut feeling?
i don't think bill weld wants to be a nader spoiler known for electing . he steps down, johnson gone.
i wish i could rt myself im so funny
why you gotta turn my post about my little brother going to the hospital into this shit
"don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." --john d. rockefeller
good motivation for the weekend. thx for sharing!
you only confident when it's for chump change, otherwise you're to nervous
won't ever ever link for anything more
it is the breed, because when they are trained a certain way, they are attack dogs. it's in them. can't do that with retrievers.
incorrect. you can train a retriever to be a vicious bastard. i've seen one tear a smaller dog to shreds.
cosmo says if you squeeze your thumb it stops it but i haven't tested that lmao
i don't have time to think about squeezing my thumb. i'm focused on stroking dick. my hands occupied omfomldem
i just did and was extremely disgusted
you just don't know what good food is..
500th win with my trusty druid.
ding! gratz! (do people still say that?)
do you remember republicans agreeing?
this is not about d's &amp; r's this is about principles. vote your conscience.
unless u search on twitter bc i made a tweet saying where im from &amp; im like wow doxxd myself
ur canadian. cant i just walk into a tim hortons and find you???? isnt that how it works?
need to make them like smurfs. who could be the papa smurf equivalent though?
sorry there's no wizard astro ... yet ;)
come support and spoil me :(
you already know you're my favorite bench player
more adult contemporary . listen to by li ronghao on .
cool . listen to the flow (feat. jun kung, sheng fei lu &amp; michael ning) by eiji kadota on .
omg that was weird we tweeted that at the exact same time
because i knew you were gonna try to put me on blast so i had to put myself on blast first
you have to be at least half jewish
i really do think that's true
this nigga deadass blocked me for what i never even mentioned him
any of this
launch has followed the sun from australia to california. huge thank you to our teams for an incredible day!
sweetheart...literally no one i know got the phone they wanted today. better prepared next time i hope?
it is the breed, because when they are trained a certain way, they are attack dogs. it's in them. can't do that with retrievers.
... but of course, if you're the kind of person who wants to train an attack dog, you don't choose s collie or a dachshund
im grown now i pay rent so i hit mom with a "nah" then walk out lmao
man i pay rent too and i just paid it today and they still tryna work me i be joking like "all this rent money i pay-"
my favorite thing is seeing you in front of the camera!! thank you for taking awesome pics today :)
anytime friend !!!
oh yeah, this season's final just aired and i went there with rookies ryon healy and chad pinder
it made me laugh then got all sad inside going what you said is sadly true in 3 to 4 years :(
that move has to be made at least once
we out to sac lol
easily hold your appetizers while mingling at the party:
wine is my appetizer.
. is a problem with the rock!
and she is a killer when playing defense. a "d" stopper at uconn and the pros. just a special player.
trump: 'take their guns away, she doesn't want guns. take their - and let's see what happens to her.'
unpresidential! wishing violence on opponent is so 3rd world. us is not syria or russia. in wrong country.
saw the same thing here in indo, why is that?
they're exploding. oops.
ez 20 hated
link for 80 dog shit idiots
i'm not a soundtrack person but this one was the best. turned me on to some good music.
pretty cool beat
you really want to open this can of worms in the campaign? who is your advisor??!!
bubba rates on a scale of 1 to 5
we out to sac lol
i was just about to say that lol
link for 80 dog shit idiots
only confident for chump change
sorry there's no wizard astro ... yet ;)
but we did just release a badge with a magic theme:
dogs can process both what we say and how we say it, a small study suggests
good kind of research. confirm what we all believe. animals are fucking intelligent too.
exactly what i was asking after we released . we still don't get it.
maybe it's request asking them to pull from you? still, counterintuitive.
i was just about to say that lol
we out + chris lol
i hold it down in league
whos always on top when we play?
what?!? haha
yep wasn't a bad show. btw thanks for all of your effort w/ the vids and now live shows. you are truly amazing!
can a cute girl come over and watch netflix with me?? thanks:))
as long as we're gonna watch i'm down
link for 80 dog shit idiots
just remember hating your ex bitch was fucking someone else. that's why she was posted on snap and not
someone just walked in and called me you uncle kwame might be your father
fuck lol he gotta see me from the shoulders
4 months in a row fzg has been sitting at the top together!!!
what is this?
its like some people feel like that are making some massive movement/statement but nobody cares if you stop watching or not ffs
i can't even believe that people are still talking about all of this. my god. people need to get a grip.
just remember hating your ex bitch was fucking someone else. that's why she was posted on snap and not
responding to you. lol you lil dick wasn't pleasing her
i'm 12 first time i heard this joke
did you hear it or read it? ;)
haven't felt this good in a while!
happy to hear this
of coursee
the very best
lol only 51 retweets? nah, i'd rather have the one i have right now.
hahaha. lol, you've got a bar set already. :p
words to live by!
this all sounds like an episode of i love lucy. please record it.
paramore thread because greatness...
"that's what you get" live
why is it 5,200 wells fargo employees aren't arrested for wire fraud, but hackers / researchers catch cases for trifflin' ass bullshit?
because we as a culture send hackers to jail as a rule. when was the last time a banker went to jail? srsly.
he's great in max mode. as a character he's not amazing in any particular way but qcb+p and qcf+p are serviceable neutral.
yeah i was labbing with it, it's not too bad in neutral. i really wanted to like clark but can't really cnect with him in xiv
the feeling when u know ur about to get sick
hope you don't! but if you do, get well soon!
ch ch yea of course whipping up some damn wings for y'all hungry niggas
you messed up my food bruh you about to catch a fade
but there's an orgy in hillsborough but if 'its all the same there might be mirrored one or two to blame. what's his/her name.
for idiots, &amp; words to pass of a chalice &amp; a last supper( * ) i'm believing it was the first one that was a solid bitch.
rt this if you're going to 's tomorrow
yo literally still no one but us tho.
goodbye's suck
i know hon,but she will only be a short distance away. at least she is not leaving for another state.thank goodness!
employee discount in exchange for drugs
so serious about this
all this man does is take
that's all he does...
not yet. it's been requested a lot. coming soon.
when you say "coming soon" do you mean you've shipped it in the past 4 years?
stfu u can't use my word
not your word little girl
first year with the clips:
they are a better team with you !!
what episode were you on or what?
i thought i was on the enter zoom ep.. it was actually the prev one listed incorrectly
friendly reminder: latest round of birther-gate is mike pence's fault
trump would be better off with sarah palin than mike pence . pence has brought nothing to the table
if you know you know
peace and blessings
you're a weirdo untag you dont get bitches you stay on evil's dick
yeah bro you spitting facts tonight bro
now i'm in grand central trying not to puke. wish me luck! ima still get my dolla pizza though
i just had 3 dolla slices and i smell mad loud on st.marks what's up???
almost weekly
damn dude! where ya goin??
i'm not involved but if hated was offering me an $80 link i wouldn't know what to do with myself
they too nervous
man behind me in the tsa queue makes it to the terminal 6 bar. nods to me. orders 2 shots of jager. respect.
you really sure it was a sign of respect &amp; not something else?!
love jamaican and british ska. my stepdad grew up on haight during late 60s. kept a lot of old records. schooled me.
well rounded. i listened to a couple of other utubes while there jimmy's vietnam was interesting jam
they too nervous
fuck it how about a singles chal any amount 30+
miss u so much :( i think of you every time i wear my cts
i miss you a ton :( i'll stop by for thanksgiving but probably won't work
it was, not anymore as of 10
they removed it?
nw - amityville terror (2016)
next on the list is knuclebones (2016) - horror
gonna have to thoroughly clean my car after it gets off the boat, can't have sea salt causing any rust.
is it true that salt water in the air or whatever makes the engines corrode faster?
i'm up like $100 on the beaner and he just keeps talking
you're up 15 now lol good try
can someone please make an edit of the american horror story premiere without all of the talking heads? i'm curious how it will play...
ive already had this thought....
lol still think this was the best one
honestly..i'm kinda down to get it
1960-70s flight attendants (27 photos)
-such a naive and innocent time.
true story tho, he was on the corn flakes box as a kid - was a little model/actor
wow u married a model!
hey turn the music down like 5 points at your party. power gays are literally dying.
oh no! does anyone have eyes on !
i'm so sorry that the pics i take are crap but we all appreciate you sm and i'm glad that you had finally got pics (:
your pics were quality af
i'm up like $100 on the beaner and he just keeps talking
beaner? what are you? a kid that got his heart broken? your bitch was fucking someone else.
donald trump jr.: "i didn't say anything about the holocaust" via
gas chamber reference is not holocaust? in human history who uses gas chambers against whom?
awww, lol. that's not bad.
no its just now i have to use a different site, and i was spoiled the end of that ep in starting the next.. blah!
continuing in the tradition of backy backies. style game on point on r&amp;d team.
totally see in background taking this shot
such a lovely set by ! now of course my obnoxious neighbor's having a party w/deafening techno music
great to see you.
short bird video with punch line.
i want to re-re-re-retweet
but he endorsed mitch mcconnell
rand paul won 3 cpac straw polls .
relinquishing us oversight to an international body, not bound by the 1st amendment, endangers
this is outrageous...
we really going gen! frfr lol so put us on the list or whatever
y'all can sleep on my futon
"gone fishin'!" -- my brain
considering doing some sort of performative intervention before leaving here for the night...
might as well make it $180
go back to blocking me. that's what people do when they hear facts
the beauty of surface is that you can use it however you want. it can be your tablet, laptop, or desktop. how do you like it?
i like it a lot wish could upgrade to pro 4 from pro 3.
my special report: the voice in hillary's ear piece revealed. will air tonight on the nightly news
really funny you are a great comic- got me laughing. you should go on comic central!
we out + chris lol
i was just about to say this too
bro.. why you gotta expose me like that on social media ... cyberbully...
i was merely asking an innocent question, if anything, ur the bully
driving in new heals is a dangerous game
phoebe, quit flashing your talent around.
wait, i thought i was the only one!
hahaha guys, stop fighting over kenny!
is it too early in the season to wear tweed in london?
never out of season!
ha nowhere crazy. just that weekly 50 minute flight to work :) (az to ca)
wait what? i think i've missed a life update of yours. haven't been internetting so well lately.
:-( why do you say that? you are far from ugly. makes my heart sad.
no one is perfect
bigfoot is real idgaf what anyone say and northern california/washington is deadass his birthplace
there's gangsta out here too dawg just like g-unite
every day it's clearer that trump is the most despicable person nominated by a major party in living memory. even nixon doesn't come close.
it was clear enough long before the deplorable party nominated the deplorable man.
hated uses this chall money to pay bills, thats why its so important to him
it's important to me? lol it's just funny you won't play for anything over 30
i am. i'm picking a man who says mean things over a woman who has done horrible things.
just because you repeat a lie doesn't make it true. he's the most corrupt politician in history
hated uses this chall money to pay bills, thats why its so important to him
no confidence otherwise you would
broke 7 dishes at work today
wow employee of the month (-:
here's the procedure should the democratic national committee choose a replacement presidential candidate:
she's unhealthy, you wait and, she'll end up being replaced
it's nearly 2 a.m. on the east coast right now
and of course several of the first to respond to his tweet have pepe the frog references in their profiles
this is how you spend a friday with no hockey.
lol there's fri hockey, just the miniature version
forgot to share this awesome little sketchbook from , many many thanks for sending 'em over.
twitter game on point
i am. i'm picking a man who says mean things over a woman who has done horrible things.
definitely one of the most immoral
address please
what address?
ppl block you cuz you're a dumb beaner who lives off of unemployment and plays a 6 year old game for $
i work 6 days a week 50+ hours lol you don't do shit with yourself
google's sergey brin and anne wojcicki divorced last year. for some reason i didn't notice that.
i mention that now because i'm reading this story about that mentions 23andme.
i don't know bout you but watching corey feldman just makes me miss cute ass corey haim.
did he have work done or did he just age that way?
omg i need to know who this is
*files nails, drinks vodka*
(facebook) video killed the radio youtube star
but how do you do strikethru on twitter now?
the flash. arrow. i dont watch a lot of tv shows tho huhu
currently watching supergirl!! maganda din!!
silly old cow
your silly mother has nothing to do with this story. please don't call your mom a silly old cow. it's disrespectful
not so fun for beatle paul. (also: surprising.)
say, say, say what?
surprising candid video from 2011 where trump essentially admits he saw birtherism as path to power in gop via
over/under on whether he stiffed the hi investigators he claimed to have hired?
watched conjuring 2 and my car didn't start while i was in the middle of no where. i had no signal too.
clutched it though with the jump start. ty ty i owe you big time
you spend 6 days a week in the back of a pick up truck parked in front of home depot
facts link for 80+ next time. put your money where your mouth is. poor nervous wrecks
i am and most of the time its from hoes
not that i have hoes
forgot to share this awesome little sketchbook from , many many thanks for sending 'em over.
how you livin girlfriend?
nvm, i thought it was a restaurant... looks really good
i c. it is ikea 's yearly crayfish festival. all ikea stores have it i believe.
gonna move to a new house iapil nlng pd sa houseblessing
wow asenso! u have a job na?
he says things everyone knows he'll never do and the media blows him out of proportion. he's alright... wouldn't vote any tho
he's better than hillary to me in my opinion
surprising candid video from 2011 where trump essentially admits he saw birtherism as path to power in gop via
hope is cutting this into an ad as we speak.
i mean, i realize "wire fraud" was designed to be a general term to nab hackers, but this is the true spirit of legit wire fraud.
true, but bankers have better lawyers...not that many independent bankers out there. plus, the feds don't like average cases.
what are you even saying?
tell us about your ex bro? why did you guys break up ? she was ignoring you homie? want to talk?
aww. miss you too, friend. when are you coming to uae or europe next?
i'm going to egypt in nov. is that a cheap trip for u? i'm going solo
what is this sorcery?!
90s themed bar cart ft. snoop dogg
the partridge family is one of my guilty pleasures. i'm a fan of "somebody wants to love you".
i'm sure you know that partridge fam is based on real family band the cowsills
does this help??
can't expect much from a website founded by tucker carlson
me too (motherhood is work, right?).
yes, for sure! the hardest!
oh man, i'd cut them both loose. nog forever.
forgot about nog, the young breakout undrafted star from a country nobody knew even played.
the get down is cool i love the creative direction (&amp; the red pumas) but not really my vibe
check out f is for family and master of none
my mom and step dad make my heart happy
luke bryan made every woman happy tonight i think...
clearly, but, more importantly, am i correct?
100% but i'm not entirely sure john popper is alive
we use it for a lot and are fairly happy with it - the index limitations are the biggest issue.
yeah our existence with hotspots in gsis has been miserable
this is the "logic" of ignorance. if a protection detail for important officials needs guns, so do i dammit!
i want to know why i can't own a nuclear weapon, if the army can why can't my well organized militia?
im feeling so read after this
well? change ur ways
i think it's a bit late for you, personally. :d
what queer nonsense is this :p
rex ryan's calling-card defense gives up nearly 500 yds to ryan fitzpatrick, so he makes it right by firing his offensive coordinator.
it's a way of protecting his back. owners won't fire rex now bc there's no one to replace him on coaching team.
hopefully we'll be celebrating in atl.
oh we will
a teenager accused of filming sex act with a 1-year-old gets no jail time
if this teen was black, asian, latino or any other non-white would have been tried and committed as an adult.
in which katie shows us just how fame-obsessed &amp; superficial she really is, not to mention horny for smarmy, foodie a-holes
dude you keep saying kind of sexual stuff to me and it's grossing me out so i'm going to block you sorry
is always capturing my best moments
only the best !!! hehehehehehe
is it acceptable to have an all meat diet
are you coming out of the closet?
you just costed your team lol i dont think they even want to play with you again
i costed that's facts was the last alive 1v3 1v4 1v2 every time
but you are white extremist sitting behind a desk , simply a nobody at all
nope. i do not care about skin color. try again lowlife imam.
nothing....ever.
lol don't say ever. it's usually something to do
well both aren't good enough to warren a vote from me imo lmaooo
trumps an ass but hillary should be in prison. idk i think he'll take care of our troops.
the poem scene was brilliant. it's one of my favourites. great job
thanks so much!
the little man is back , not at all ! i am a leading voice in ireland and well known and respect
yea, your tl shows that. lol
like even if we set aside that it's dangerously irresponsible rhetoric, who is persuaded by this? who's going "whelp, he's got a point?"
stupid people, i have heard this exact line from my high school classmates who never left arkansas
lol jaeeeeeeelyn you're lying! jack in the box is open oh you know a burrito from the dc will do just fine
lmaooo there's no lie i've been in bed for like 2 hours in and out of sleep i do have a burrito though
well both aren't good enough to warren a vote from me imo lmaooo
i'm so passionate about our troops haha
so my dad was hella excited because he bought me my fav food (carnitas) but i no longer eat meat
it was those videos they showed you in your seminar!!!
wow. really? in one year he passed hillary's 30+ years of endless corruption. pls explain.
thank you for asking, please enjoy the reading.
too many faithful girls are single, and too many hoes are taken.
the faithful got attitude and are not fun!
ur amazing!! always so sweet and positive and ily. love when u post selfies girl
ily amy u r so great too good for this world
i first blooded you 5-5 dumbass
facts bro that's costing now in days.
the little man is back , not at all ! i am a leading voice in ireland and well known and respect
come to ny and i will burn a koran in front of your pathetic ass. your move imam.....
i'm guessing probably sleep no stamina
as if that has anything to do with it. go crawl into whatever hole u were in
i got a haircut/check out my haircut/thank you so much
so cute!!! and i love your glasses!!
your response to ian made you look dumber than he already made you look, gg no re
imagine tweeting a youtuber like he would actually respond. cannot relate at all
thank god i'm dating him too
aren't we lucky?!
i first blooded you 5-5 dumbass
your chick got first blooded lil homie. you looking at her snaps while she's getting dicked down
where is he though!!!!!! like he dropped an album i would not even wait for those tickets buy immediately
the day will come and this will be me
winning golds a lot
he needds to save rap , these fools are bad
that's actually really adorable.
sad that this means next to nothing to most people. wish i could convey how this makes me feel to everyone. i lack the words.
i'm out of shape and not ready for this and i can't wait to wake up and ride 50 miles!
good luck we're all counting on you
your chick got first blooded lil homie. you looking at her snaps while she's getting dicked down
am i lying or not?
don't congratulate this was a nakedly transparent attempt to keep on good side of ohio trump voters.
avoiding future primary attack ads from trumpers. country first, my buckeye.
lol bring me a burrito
y'all deadass want me to get up
"donald trump's birther event is the greatest trick he's ever pulled"
proudly pimping the political process for his own gain.
imagine responding to a tweet i posted 30s ago, can't relate
imagine contradicting yourself because it only took you 30 seconds to respond to my tweet
he's in a playoff race
glad to see he's still grinding it out!
i feel like this is a joke tweet...
unfortunately i'm afraid it's not. the timing couldn't possibly be any worse.
i don't give up my seat for nobody on the bus or train. and i always make sure i'm not sitting in any priority seating seats neither.
don't you hate old people that ask you give up your non-priority seat. like, bitch....you have a whole sect dedicated to you
happy birthday brotha!!!!!
i love this
plus he responds to so many tweets, idc if he responds but i hope he sees it :) l
l for caring about youtube drama
i am academic i lecture in theology &amp; philosophy you must learn to trust
lol the lying imam deserves no trust.
i don't really like how you have to press the home button to unlock your phone/itouch
i know!!! that's like the worst feature...
i'm about to film my high school makeup vid so i went thru photobucket n found this fossil from 2007 so enjoy~
you're not okay, i promise..........
okay but when??
asap i have literally boxes of my dads old photos and tons of cool fam photos that i've never seen that im dying to go thru
playful buster is the best buster
honestly misread playful as playoff. and i'm not ashamed.
it's not even 9:30 and i'm too drunk to function.
the table cloth and plastic pitcher don't go.
don't congratulate this was a nakedly transparent attempt to keep on good side of ohio trump voters.
the full mpt clip played shows him leaving the trump door open plenty just to avoid future criticism.
you see i am trying to be nice and you insult , should i show you barbaric teachings from hindu scriptures
no one is backing off for you. you are rally more and more against islam. my useful idiot. lol
fr bro it's been a minute besides the time in arvin's parking lot
i seen you every saturday at church school !! haha
but what if we like that seat
then pay two more fares since you want to take up three seats
bitch i heard ima call you when i get up in the morning . you going to work ?
yea i think ima go in a lil late tho my everything is just sore
you got me. lol. you best catch up, though.
wtf you think i'm doing???? lol
well i hate wars so i really think it's unnecessary but what do know about america!
i for sure agree. i just i'm speaking about the homeless veterans that served our country who are starving ect
starting to feel like i need to raise at least a billion for the next fund just to keep up
yes please. all you need to do is pick 5 of the next 10 biggest saas exits after linkedin to make it worthwhile...
a grey one rt
a tight grey one*
i'll come over rn if i have too i'll bring the food
lol no not tonight tho early morning w my person in tomorrow but soon
you see i am trying to be nice and you insult , should i show you barbaric teachings from hindu scriptures
you think he wants your respect. the bearded ladyman. lol
actually i did. i showed you why hillary was not perceived as talking about black people at the time.
he knows nothing about stop the violence movement &amp; tough on crime movement
pretty sure that's not how that works...
every thursday and thursday/friday.
sweet!!! you know me! all for international music. specially a good mix thanks for sharing
he's on spotify zepuyr is a great one
well i hate wars so i really think it's unnecessary but what do know about america!
he really loves our troops and i've seen that so i've just really hope it works out that way.
all my friends are lit &amp; i have work at 8 am. boi. life rn &lt;
shit dead blowz
well i hate wars so i really think it's unnecessary but what do know about america!
hillary only does what's popular at the moment. she did everything bernie did
this is california, give it time.
maybe we'll finally detach and transform into a floating/sinking island, all while ablaze
pretty sure that's not how that works...
and he's a jew with the "bottle"
hey just fyi an update for ya: we just played hava nagila at 's wedding and it crushed
it did, in fact, crush. everything you guys played crushed. that was the best wedding ever. :d
jk it's not my car. but oddly enough it's a car i want. one of the few.
looks like a lot of fun but v. expensive
luke 19 is a parable jesus told, descriptive violence unlike prescriptive violence in quran 8:12
you are talking to two ahmadi liars for allah. one more pathetic than the other.
triggered leafy fan
lacrosse player
ahhh yes i don't get why they aren't given free food and shelter tbh
exactly. and there are people who are on welfare who are genuinely just too lazy to get a job. granted i know there are people
i know that ultimately none of you will listen so i won't bother. onto the next of the 100+ messages.
you're talking in circles, you look like you still wet the bed sir
nikki by logic is actually really fcking sad.
that song is so good. i cry everytime
"isis has nothing to do with islam" just a coincidence it has similar punishments to the most devout muslim states
is this what trump wants for the us
lol you need to step it up....
smh whatever i'm no ones second option
ahhh yes i don't get why they aren't given free food and shelter tbh
who are injured and who have illnesses that simply can't work and simply those who just can't get a job but there are people
why is this actually my life
how i feel bc i double txted you and no answer!!
were captain britain &amp; union jack even created by british writers?
nah, you didn't get overseas creators in american comics till the '80s at least
so jimmy fallon's starting a new hashtag trend nick is and my weird old friend
he was my teacher too he's so weird go figure
yeah, but finish the show this time. don't get bored. lmao.
hmmmm.... i would never
the whole garfield hs football team took a knee during the national anthem tonight. 206 to my city.
disrespectful af. shit like this makes me not wanna wake up and put on this uniform every day
please please please i want to meet you... please get back to me!!!!!!!!!!!
you are more than welcome to come say hi! i'm at campsite 42 @ buena vista in bakersfield! xoxo
bruhhh your nails were poppin!
thanks someone else complimented them too and i was like here you go enjoy your meal
john kasich is an honorable and admirable man
ill make sure trump deports you first.
ahhh yes i don't get why they aren't given free food and shelter tbh
who just refuse to get a job and they're taken care of before our disabled troops where some are homeless. this system is
mr. president could you help organize that????
dylan i was serious, is this allowed???
ahhh yes i don't get why they aren't given free food and shelter tbh
fucked to me
hey musician friends, what would you call the time signature of the verse of pale saints - ordeal?
i think i'm landing on (3+2)/8 ?
ahhh yes i don't get why they aren't given free food and shelter tbh
i'm passionate about this i'm sorry
caught a mistake, should be blackpink's future album
only time will tell but you probably right
it is his son's bar so that's why, i bet.
he is disgusting and if you ask me i will tell u why.
ain't that the face you lookin for?
my phone is broken and im using my moms trap phone
this weird under armour ad quotes watership down.
they left out words, too.
dude fucking same i have tubs and tubs of my dads pictures &amp; wait. wym?? i am your person???
my other person my nick person. it's his sisters birthday tomorrow and so we're all going out, which means early day
you are our next vip winner!!!!
wtf.... seee it is worth the try every week
that was pretty foul on cv's part bc the poster they put up said it'd only be 7$ or 5$ (idk) it said nothing about y'all bringing your id's
they just didn't want us in and we don't know why :(
i may be on an island but as long as is with me that casilla will be the closer again we're not stranded.
he might eat you when you run out of food.
soo tomorrow i'm switching from android to iphone not sure how i feel about this yet. i've only ever owned androids.
ios is a million times better
all the gods are dead. lol
your tila tequila retweets are my only source for tila news.
yep i'll be there! as often as possible!
outstanding!
remember kids: always wear helmets. especially when you ride a 1500lb animal.
what happened are you ok?!
harris zaffar has published books. he has readers. you dont. you really are a pathetic loser
i have more than you ever will. loser.
i'm back online now
right on right on (btw your avi is tripping me out)
you're not giving contextualization. read the verse before and after.
no one is backing off slave boy. your work is a failure.
i think i'm landing on (3+2)/8 ?
then the bridge is (3+3+2)/8 maybe
my lyft driver asked why he was driving me to the bus station and not cal
he was hustling me for that money
srs question: would anyone trade me a puppy for a husband? he can cook.
serious answer. we have puppies left from okee's litter
my favorite part of subtweeting parties is that people follow me the next day and find out i actually hated them the whole time.
"hey bros, we're going to rage tonight, but it's just so we can get those sweet holly subtweets, keep it to yourselves!"
psa: update screwed up both of our iphone 6s devices. it's very buggy and has all kinds of problems.
apparently this is happening to many.
it's already autumn wtf
not til september 22nd actually.
i spent 8 hours today begging for banana boxes.
try trader joe's! they always have a million wine boxes.
agree 100% with u
i'm ranting and i'm venting. i just hate that i publicly can't talk about my political views because liking trump is
so keep your unnecessary input to yourself. thank you.
bruhh its a joke chill he knows that
here's a way to celebrate the rams' l.a. return - by finally honoring the men who desegregated football 70 years ago
"local officials" didn't push rams to sign washington. it's just been repeated so often ppl assume its true
agree 100% with u
so frowned upon
fuckin' grow a pair, ya pussies!
* begins sobbing uncontrollably * * inexplicably, even mascara streaks appear *
i just want to be laid up
on my way back to town rn
got to play with both the black and slightly darker black iphones and i like matte more. jet black felt cheap, greasy like the iphone 3g
yeah the grease helps smooth out the microabrasions
why he still tryna kill me
bahahahah there's me and my cliche comment lmao
why is it called a pull request and not a merge request? isn't the merge the important part?
the term "pull request" has always puzzled me
i'm so proud of you imy too
miss u girly
omg this just made damn near cry.. omg omg omg i'm literally screaming.. ahh hope i don't wake up my kiddos.. ahhhhhhhhhhh
awe how sweet! i'm about to crash out for the night but i'll be here till sunday xoxk
need all of the bay area at memorial stadium tomorrow night at 7:30pm! want to hear roar tomorrow night!
we will be there !
congrats so proud of you! you inspire me all the time! keep being badass!!
love ya cam
jesus final message: love your enemies matt 5:44 muhammed final message: fight &amp; kill nonbelievers sur9:29 &amp; 8:12
the lying imam tried to paint jesus as a killer. real lowlife.
there's a bar in vancouver that: - plays hip hop - has &gt; 100 board games - with menus designed in star trek ui if you're looking for me...
i'm excited for two out of those three bullet points... ;-)
you know how much you could buy with that back then?
i'll kill somebody rn if they owe me 200 fntb
dont ever doubt the
my boy jimmie ward looking nice too
lol there are troops who are agreeing with the stance these people are taking
yeah i know some of them. not everybody in the military is smart or educated i work with a lot of retards
it's an insane concept to me that you'd make an appointment to buy something that's not a house
i agree. but the demand is simply that high. i went into it,"i'll make an appointment so i don't wait in line".
i'm self-taught but feels like 5/4 to me
we're saying the same thing, i'm just separating out the stresses (*one* two three *one* two, *one* two three *one* two)
backlit and badass is back! sept 25th abcquantico
that is dope.
yeah i know some of them. not everybody in the military is smart or educated i work with a lot of retards
that song is about the us defeating the british and declaring our independence in the fight for freedom
omg i have an appointment for a surgery consultation! ...it (the consultation)'s at the end of december
the sugary
i'm self-taught but feels like 5/4 to me
rather than *one* two three four five, *one* two three four five
"local officials" didn't push rams to sign washington. it's just been repeated so often ppl assume its true
i quote lacc mtg notes showing that to be false in my book "lost champions"
zelie well make that so fun!!!!!! then rager the weekend after!!!!!!!!
its tighttt ill do what the poll says aha
he's just too damn beautiful
really though
my future husband better realize we'll talk everything out because divorces literally shouldn't be an option unless things rlly don't work
if you don't mind me asking: who's the lucky guy?
that song is about the us defeating the british and declaring our independence in the fight for freedom
and equality and all those who died making the sacrifice to do so. but yet motherfuckers want to take a knee
but you went 4-8?
yea it happens when you're the last one alive every time. but let's talk about life homie
we're all getting old and there's only so much partying to be done at yaoicon anymore :(
im gunna drink tomorrow, but omg...i dont want to even go back to the room right now...
wishing i was at the riot fest!
please tell me you saw story
my friend who's a 5th grade teacher just sent this to me! i'm dead!!!
this is how i imagine 5th grade you.. literally
hey where did you get the link for your picture??
the radio station i won the tickets from sent a link to me
spoilt for choice this weekend in with &amp; hope the weather holds out
mold has a food festival? who knew?!
y'all still need 4th
how's the gf? oh wait...
i blame for this i've spent 15 minutes alone refreshing
scatman john - i'm the scatman x el mudo - chacarron macarron
banks should be closed saturdays too
not at alllll
and equality and all those who died making the sacrifice to do so. but yet motherfuckers want to take a knee
when this song comes on because they want to take a fit because some people in the world are racist
marvel's jessica jones wins first emmy award for marvel television
congratulations!!! that is huuuuge news!
when this song comes on because they want to take a fit because some people in the world are racist
as if they actually think it's going to change anything. they're shitting where they're eating
y'all still need 4th
nah they won't play for anyhting more than 20 now. that's where they're confident at
i cant stop laughing at this arm???
the opposite of yaoi hands
majority don't even know that half of the things he says he knows he can't do it's just for votes
exactly. he actually hasn't said anything bad lately. he did it in the beginning to get attention.
is it just as good on selfie cams?
haven't tried yet
i quote lacc mtg notes showing that to be false in my book "lost champions"
otherwise i agree the rams should do more to recognize kenny washington &amp; woody strode
as if they actually think it's going to change anything. they're shitting where they're eating
they're trying to bash their own country which is one of the only ones in the world that would allow them
most of em celebrating for being broke so they gotta borrow money from people
this is pretty accurate
ikr? i actually liked patty. zoe and des didn't, though. lmao.
she's adorable and that smile i don't hate her.. they're actually good.. but i wouldn't ship
they're trying to bash their own country which is one of the only ones in the world that would allow them
to have the freedom to do something like that
do it--the original husband
shit. part of me wants raidou, part of me wants gintoki, and part of me wants enstars
the horse handles the leg part, it's all good.
it bothers me that y'all saw that fuckin guy and immediately thought "yup that's craig all right"
when you write such a fire lyric that you give yourself hives
i cannot stand my own sister isis what makes you think i can stand you! love jr one she holds her shit to gain and lose weight!
what does nicki mean by im rockin joiners
i cant believe u tweeted this while djing
aviv is closing this month
on the phone with
s/o that boy getting off tonight. keep grinding lil bruh you know that's gon pay off real soon go get that check
thanks big bro, i appreciate it man
my dad passed away today, very peacefully, surrounded by our whole family. i'm convinced he waited until all of us could be together.
karen, you have my deepest condolences, but i also am with you in being thankful that your dad's passing was peaceful. hugs!
to have the freedom to do something like that
yet they want to hate the entire idea of the country and its freedom because some people happen to be racist
for idiots, &amp; words to pass of a chalice &amp; a last supper( * ) i'm believing it was the first one that was a solid bitch.
so, stills, love ie (luv) didn't 'come' that e-z? i certainly would agree of its desertion in and of your regard january
if you haven't already seen the h&amp;m autumn collection ad then you should bc it's truly beautiful
god i love the place i work at omg
"i'm here, i am talking but we are all dead". testimonies from 's documentary on the
grieves for survivors, demands more action. see this moving film
are they pretending to be him? i don't understand
they might be or they might not be, i am loaded with baseless assumptions.
i'm so glad i live close enough i can just come home and sleep in my own bed. ycon is not worth the badge/hotel anymore lmao.
it isnt that bad, but im splitting the room with 8 different people lol
then the bridge is (3+3+2)/8 maybe
wait both of these should be /4 not /8
hahaha! i already said that in my previous reply, asshole!
thus the quotes
canola. when the yellow heads fall off. ready for harvesting. i am married to a former farmer. how come this city girl knows
ah, okay. and the green fields? what are they?
no one said they were "bashing their own country." they're criticizing the constant racism they have to face
how the fuck does the star-spangled banner have to do with racism
delhi dengue: l-g jung asks deputy cm sisodia to return from finland immediately
najeeb jung is a mad man- health minister is doing his job!
just weren't aware of why you were outside when there was a lot of space on your side left to fill till later, sorry about that.
it's not your fault i'm just mad bc it's senior year and i did t get to see and support my boys
all you girls that have said this smh. "stanley, why cant guys be more like you?" bitch im right here. fuck you
but thats ok. yall mother fuckers lost me im finna glo up and yall finna regret it grrr
"i could never vote for a woman who doesn't give an awesome blowjob." - and we walked out
i was with him through "it's 2016, you can't be a scumbag anymore" but we must've been on different levels there
depends on how you mean "wants your body" on one hand, you could fuck yourself literally, on the other hand body snatching
i apologise for this response
its watermelon awareness month
really? says who?
jesus final message: love your enemies matt 5:44 muhammed final message: fight &amp; kill nonbelievers sur9:29 &amp; 8:12
all the lying imam says is "no compulsion". then runs when countered.
how the fuck does the star-spangled banner have to do with racism
this has nothing to do with the country this has to do with individuals that happen to live here
kapamilya chat videos of kathniel. visit my youtube channel - mharvic rollo
thank you bec
as president, i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you, the american people!
vote for donald trump. hilarry is a liar and a crooked!
it's ok double, i'll just picture things that i deeply care about that you don't. :p
do you really think a car is the most important thing in human history? the culmination of human existence thus far?
the cat photo on the cover always made me figure you a 'comfort of madness' fan (+1 internet)
oh i mean for sure, but none of those time signatures throw me for a loop.
nope, same monthly payment i think.
if, in the 29th year of a 30 year mortgage, you re-up for another 30 with same monthly cost, is that "free"?
also,i am working with google human resources department today, here is a great resource!
this is really interesting! new to me! are you using this w/ your staff? great resource! ty!
last november cried at the sight of your forehead, can we make that happen again on monday?
that's personal shit ray, i'm embarrassed lol
so i just show up for cafe v and go to dinner with people. i'd like to check out aa but i dunno if i'll end up going enough
its a fun con but yeah i dunno i just feel kinda anti person right now and kinda feel sad...
i can't honestly
*danica experiencing sloppy shoreline for the first time *
i'm telling myself it's not coincidence that i've /only/ seen this posted by frsrs communists - but rather something tapped into
that for some reason no one else sees. not, as some might postulate, that i just have fewish friends/follows who meme well
we hate the way minorities are treated not everything about the country. this is peaceful protest
then protest in a way that doesn't disrespect those who gave their lives for you to have the right
i know! she's so cute. i love the actress. haha.
i assume patty leaves? i hope the actress got a starring role somewhere
the only latina character disneys ever made and they gave her big feet :(
they gave her some boat feet
so basically september is karma month for the
most excellent!
on his 66th birthday, lets take a look at this india today special on : man of the world
hitler of
for shit's sake, you're like a toilet that won't stop running!
so jiggle my handle then.
lol, jazen tea liked my last picture on instagram
lol sorry was that creepy my bad
"liberty and justice for all" not liberty and justice for white male conservatives. which is prevalent in
asians are more privileged in this country than any other race but yet we're not bashing them
funny how the author calls increased density a subsidy
sure, public act &amp; costs (eg svcs for addtl residents) benefitting specific private party, can call that subsidy
chad and the meatbodies
ronnie spector covering amy winehouse, 2014
throwback: on 's birthday, here's a look-back at india today covers featuring his rise
india today is no longer a premier magazine
whatever ima go to ultra
will you this year bitch i swear if you don't buy a ticket w me we aren't friends anymore
yea. you really think tossing a few people onto a rock that can't support them is the culmination of human existence? :p
yes. 100% more monumental than the invention of fire, antibiotics, computers or splitting the atom.
to warrant purchasing a badge. i may just show up for dinner and a photoshoot.
thor saw me sitting alone and asked if i was ok? he is...quite beautiful up close...///
deadass rather go up there then be here in shitty fresno
it's worth the drive
i know! she's so cute. i love the actress. haha.
oh she's on the main cast of usa's shooter
they dont do milk tea dude. it's too sugary for them only have royal milk tea and original sold in bottles
:o you can always order your milk tea with light sweetness!
uhhhhhh it was a one-doctor thing!
i mean it could be worse
(((jonathan chait))) doesn't like donald trump. there's a fucking surprise.
what are the parenthesis around his name for?
re-watched the scene where doffy kills rocinante to get some reference pics for a print and i'm crey again ;__; rocinanteee
lmao that wording made it sounds like doflamingo killed his brother to for pix
if i get a badge, will you be in the aa? i'll stop by and say hi if that's the case..
im in dealers hall~ i come here for fun and to see my best friend from college!
wait both of these should be /4 not /8
i still remember the first time i got fucked up by a time signature, it was gyroscope by dismemberment plan
killing of innocents is prohibited in islam,but only those who make mischief on earth,
mischief can be simply opposing islam. thanks for confirming that.
so, stills, love ie (luv) didn't 'come' that e-z? i certainly would agree of its desertion in and of your regard january
you wanna know tolerance.....? check the cops.
"what is a viral mom" you ask. well a lady did her breast pumping during a half marathon (rather than before) and it went v
the importance of time management.
i regret to reveal that i faked my own life.
jeez, and you couldn't even get that right. ffs
i think you left my name out
have you helped me change a pad before too?
some cowards have no words to say they are blocking me,
that is because no one takes you seriously.
the bushes are helping the clintons today. kasich is rallying for obama. i'm glad everyone's cards on are the table.
very disappointed in the bushes.
smh you should send that kurt
jealous you didn't get one from sex god kurt?
sigh tru. alicia is fite mom
to the max yes
yeah gotta hang out again soon
yeah, for sureee. and i was lying when you asked me that question earlier.... ha
??? fuck you lmao im palestinian, 3.8 bil was sent by this country to my oppressors to annihilate my kind bye
if you don't like this country feel free to go back to palestine and tell me how much you like it there
awesome news that you'll be there! very proud of you! i hope much is accomplished with your visit!
thank you fam. that means a lot. hope you're well and keep doing you. big ups
i've accepted the fact that i'll just never understand fashion.
i accepted that about myself many years back.
when you're tryna sleep and something crawls on your arm but you not tryna find out what it was
just slap away and keep your eyes closed..
hillary is falling apart! join us rally 9am live stream
here is irma. another whore who is brain-washed by trump. and is supporting dumb-crazy trump.
at 7:30 i changed into work out clothes with the intent to do a little work out, then i sat down on the couch... i just woke up right now
lol oh nooooooo. hate when that happens.
delhi ill, but deputy cm chills: sisodia shown having a gala time in finland
yellow journalism by india today
the association of watermelon safety predicts that all watermelons will be eaten by the year 2020
show me the link
"there seems to be a really good energy in the dugout." posey, giants get another big win:
and is back!!!!!!
in addition to the new gods' mother box computer there's also a father box, orphan box, &amp; ancestor box
see also- much like the boom tube there is a hush tube
the display on the iphone 7 is definitely more colorful, but also noticeably warmer.
how does it compare to the note 7 and gs7 edge
you wouldnt be able to remember cuz you were blacked out.
i remember everything
i'm infinitely more inspired by trans girls than cis boys
text me tomorrow
i've had it with these god damn snakes on this god damn plane
me when i brought a plastic snake as my personal item on the flight to japan lol
thank you !! xoxo
thanks the article is amazing!!
this is not ideal. i'm getting up in 3 hours to go get on a plane for 12 hours.
i have a soylent in the fridge that i'm drinking as soon as i wake up. is that stuff real?
any act of violence in name of jesus is against his teachings. isis follows the quran 100%
the lying imam lies a lot.
oooh. i wonder if that's gonna be any good.
i was excited for it but it got pulled cause of all the shootings.. all i know is its airing this fall
bruh i'll see wassup! lmao for the men
haha lemme know
police brutality, internalized racism, microaggressions
a cop once tried to arrest my dad for mowing his lawn at 7 pm on a fridaydid that make the news
i learned from a 9 year old today that vending machines are more dangerous than sharks
whoa actually?
so absolutely worth it.
a few days have passed &amp; i give it a
and ycon a few years ago was pretty good, before d*p bought them out? like everyone had new comics/zines,
im a shipper and bl fan so its fine but omg today was so dead in the dealer's hall... tot
developing: six people shot, including two law enforcement officers, in philadelphia, police commissioner says
prayers for all.
figure 2.45 of ams state of climate 2015 shows the global average aot
looks like it's going up (globally averaged 550 nm aod)
delhi ill, but deputy cm chills: sisodia shown having a gala time in finland
when you are in a conference then they often organize cruise- it does not mean ppl in conference are not doing their job.
dropping out of school to work camp for the rest of my life
are you sure that's a good financial decision?
same... psh. you're a marine.
i was in much better shape before i joined the marines lol my body is forever damaged from the dumb shit they make us do.
the congressional black caucus rejects trump's birther admission
&amp; rightfully so!
apple canceled my order for no reason, glad i know people on the inside and can get any phone i want.
that's why you should stick with samsung
delhi ill, but deputy cm chills: sisodia shown having a gala time in finland
shameful journalism by india today.
lmao i caught myself getting hyphy to country music
lol its okay. dance ur life away
no parties? it's coo i'll just watch all the jaws movies
jaws 2 is pretty good so far
sometimes i think decent arab guys exist but then i see this shit and change my mind
what about fadi? he looks like a nice guy
i'm on staff w giants as well so ill probably stick w "we"
well is back and we won! so i am happy!
congrats!!!! where at?
lil bar in santa clara, nothing special, but something steady.
a cop once shot a 12 year old black boy for holding a fake gun from walmart lol
i had three cops draw their guns on me because i had an airsoft gun in my backyard. i'm white
amazing scene but missing all the wonderful world and character establishing sound design of the 5 minutes before it
sadly twitter limits how long the clips can be.
need team for 3v3 bo1 tomorrow
us 3. evil picking up sea
i had three cops draw their guns on me because i had an airsoft gun in my backyard. i'm white
and i was 10 years old and in the suburbs
remember five hours ago when i said i was so tired i felt sick but also i still wanted to party
also remember how i definitelyy did not do any partying or sleeping
aw, man, you accessed a finite networked resource at the same time as several million others? i'm shocked it's not prioritized just for you!
i'm with you on the case of lining up. on the situation where appts were delayed because carriers couldn't take the traffic...
brilliant cinematographer and seemingly perfect big budget action-comedy director but can no longer do good non-mib movies
he shoulda stayed a cinematographer.
fuck idk what characters to use for the 3 character meme
im also like half asleep tho so it is difficult to think of anything
ycon used to be fun but i think a combination of fandom changes + the company running it + i'm old now makes it just not fun
im from texas so i never really got to experience stuff like this before...its still fun but i do feel like...hiw do i put this...
stop saying you're a psychopath bc you act like what you think is "crazy". it's not being crazy. it's acting sane.
wait i thought i read that sociopath and psychopath was all but synonymous, with the former being the preferred nomenclature?
i ran out of italo disco so i think i'm done coding for the night. one benefit of redux on the server: *relatively* easy to write tests
the downside is that i have a very thick "action"-ish layer (sending ws messages, doing db queries) that has to be mocked...
they won't. maas just playing his part for the chargers. no fan base in la for them. can't sell psl's,etc
nothing anybody is saying on either side of issue changes fact san diego is not going to fund a stadium
me supporting josh is as close as it gets to . good game little one
wish i could've been there
i'm with you on the case of lining up. on the situation where appts were delayed because carriers couldn't take the traffic...
tl;dr carriers are apparently very bad at scaling their backend infrastructure to handle load spikes
ycon used to be fun but i think a combination of fandom changes + the company running it + i'm old now makes it just not fun
an awkward energy...????
who do you think is the best director of westerns? i think it's between leone and john ford personally
so many greats to choose from, leone, mann, peckinpah, ford, hawks, corbucci, boetticher...
yeah. i remember that. isn't phillippe gonna star, too?
yeah, i love this kind of shit so i'm hopeful
wowwww in the city too? you just put that person through hell and back lol
that's their fault. theirs literally a sign that says no parking.
the downside is that i have a very thick "action"-ish layer (sending ws messages, doing db queries) that has to be mocked...
...but at least testing state mutations is relatively easy?
i don't do anything at my job
i know everytime you would snap me you'd be sitting your ass in the damn truck
why is everybody upset today?
upset about what? maybe we're just all tired from renaissance and worried about homecoming, college, and our futures
i think the roman empire was just a touch more impressive, and relevant. :p
not even remotely close. not even in the same star system.
i have an orb weaver spider living on my back porch. i should...
love it and squeeze it and call it george.
all the travel essentials
haha hopefully my pig counterpart?
i feel the same with college. cause i like milkshakes.
and radiation. im actually growing my fourth ear as we converse.
they won't. maas just playing his part for the chargers. no fan base in la for them. can't sell psl's,etc
california won't do it &amp; hasn't for a long long time. chargers can't self fun in sd. market is too small
"naruhodou ryuunosuke no satoru satoru?" lmfao what does this even mean, even my jp dictionaries are at a loss
ohhhhh they mean "kakugo" (resolve) they just wrote it in
yeah that's... ycon. i had a dh badge last year cause a friend had extra. i think aa is the only place that gets traffic?
dealer's hall is nice for other reasons but even aa was kinda dead today! i heard all the programs are tomorrow
russia elections: opposition figures offered rare chance to speak out
seriously without being assassinated by putin.
what are your favorite communities to follow on ? these are a few of our 's
. &amp; i have amazing communities in 2 of the best cities in the world &amp; they commingle well &amp; support each other!
you could've boxed them in so they can't leave or something. you must be war ready.
there was literally no way for me to do that
they won't. maas just playing his part for the chargers. no fan base in la for them. can't sell psl's,etc
raiders to las vegas is a fine deal.
congressional black caucus members aren't buying trump's birther turnaround
rightfully so because like most of us we see a con a mile away!
i haven't even watched it and i already love it
did you laugh???
hypocrisy watch &amp; colin powell call "racist." is it still "racist" now that it's clear hrc's camp, not trump, started it?
hillary &amp; the media thinks the american people are stupid &amp; apparently forgetful i remember hillary &amp; gang starting this
new york is the worst.
like...it's a friday at 2am. seriously, fuck you.
i've tinkered a bit but the ad shit is killing me.
i paid for the premium one like, six years ago lmao
i cri evrytime (seriously tho it's disappointing to no longer have a place to sell weird/gross/bl/anime stuff)
i can confirm seeing dicks in aa this year!
less chance of typos than , i'm down
just uneducated &amp; stupid people are trump's followers.
the perfect illusion is? i still only date lawyers
lie detected
do i sneak into gareth emery tonight
update: we failed. welp.
actually it was sort of literally in the sol system... and so is mars... :p praise luna.
i'm trying to make an analogy of just how far apart these two achievements are on the scale of human achievement.
could you not think of a better wordscore than 'egos'?
i should make this a scrabble tweet? what a whimsically ambivalent example of quixotry.
ahhhh. it looks good. i might watch it. lol.
pfft you will watch it..
that's the only time use my phone in the truck i'm on my feet most of the time i walk about 15 miles a day
damn want a fit bit
dude i can't wait to see it.
don't look too long. it might try to start a conversation with you.
that's like a million years ago!
haha it's when i got my ipod touch 4.
can't be racist to white people lol nice try
tell me she's kidding
i'm back almost every month bro lol
sep 26- nob 10? any of those days
yooooo i'm over catching up on power...bruhhhh
the latest one ?? lol i'm sick
ohhhhh they mean "kakugo" (resolve) they just wrote it in
i'm like staring at this tweet like a fool before i notice "wait isn't that just 'jue' but written in traditional" and it clicked
i've ever seen so i spent very little time there because it was stressful to navigate.
oh yes! aa layout last year was awful;;;; i was here last year too in dealers hall
top shelf whiskey. generic cola. hey, i think i just wrote a lana del rey song
ur the most obnoxious person on twitter
of course i'll save this! it's literally my most prized possession. f u apple design awards!
you should frame it too!
"donald trump's birther event is the greatest trick he's ever pulled"
so sick of the lying media covering hrc as a saint. all media biased &amp; in the tank for this lying, corrupt dem.why?
if a centrifuge uses centrifugal force to separate fluids of different densities, what exactly does a subterfuge do?
causes bach to start playing all across the silent service you asked
you still want to be targeted. why is that?
power has nothing to do with fucking race
i think i know the only two ppl who would even bother doing so haha
i mean im old tok but i just have trouble latching onto new fandoms... i7 and mystic messenger are my newest ones
power has nothing to do with fucking race
the most powerful man in the world right now is literally black
i feel bad for colin baker. he had this outfit forced upon him, and his character arc was never completed.
allegedly this was the original costume, which looks way better
follow us to help investigate hillary clinton!
what about investigating also. total transparency is needed for both candidates running not just one!
, : two podcasters (different sides of the atlantic). a podcast would be grand:
always down to discuss hammer horror with anyone. massive fan.
at least i have my car
that's a hot pic as soon as i make mine a little prettier we're drivin up somewhere sexy &amp; takin pics
no one disrespected me
i mean. obvs there's another level of friendship that you're not understanding here so like? why care? lmao
why are you two mad over people not standing for 32 seconds during a song...just curious
because the song and this country have nothing to do with racism
realist shit i ever wrote
words to live by really
rt : hillary's 5th largest donor, george soros, admits he collaborated with nazis during the holocaust
those who support smart hillary areo
could have just been sent to the wrong address and opened by mistake, happens all the time
my name/apt number were clearly on the label tho, and most amazon things get dropped off in our mail room not at front doors...weird
im watching the documentary now spoof on vice and el chapo and oh........my god
this just . sums it all up
that's a hot pic as soon as i make mine a little prettier we're drivin up somewhere sexy &amp; takin pics
or maybe even before so i can have some "before &amp; after" shit ya know
because a lot of my friends were like "i wanted the banana split!" and it was apparently sold out lmao.
i heard about those! i wanted one but i forgot and went to go visit hazel and bell
lol i got like two more episodes till i'm up to date. i'm on the one where tommy choked holly.
you're hella late
this change of time is gonna be the death of me. it's 8:30am rn. but i know nyc is 2:30am
you moved ?
is there really no way to stop google photos from re-backing up every single photo in your icloud library with a new phone?
seems like one of those things where maybe you could use optical recognition to realize, yep, already uploaded these 13,000 photos...
what's the equation for racism? come back to me and we'll have a real conversation
there's no equation for racism the faster you stop race carding and bringing it up the sooner
for anyone who is having a rough night here is a picture of my dog running from a bee
lol where's the bee
another good link to pass along on this friday about the true history of desegregation in the nfl from the :
except it's not true that "local officials" forced the rams' hand in signing kenny washington
woah when was i bitching about my team ?? i'm proud of my boys they played their hearts out not one of them didn't.
you're arguing with a female on social media bro hop off her
this just . sums it all up
every male i have encountered who has ever worked at vice sounds exactly like this
go to sleep gdi
i do what i want
there's no equation for racism the faster you stop race carding and bringing it up the sooner
it's going to go away
and try not to think about it too much
..and if you feel something crawling for the 3rd time, it's time to open your eyes &amp; turn on the lights. haha
sign you are deep into it: you thought it was friday just the other day
or from tonight - "oh i had another uber driver from cameroon, in the last city i was in, um shit what city was i in 3 days ago?"
sam just told me she doesn't know anything about the bioshock games. so now we're gonna play it. so excited. not telling her anything.
did you ask her, "would you kindly put the disc in the drive?"
colorado college accused of 'body shaming' for being committed to healthy living
thanks again for common sense conservatism and calling out the dangers of political correctness poses to free speech!
it had the misfortune of me downloading grand marche right after i got it, lol.
uh oh! i really love i7, but i understand!
it's *this*. it's my thinking because i come from a hide/show dom world (appreciate it might not be ideal too)
ideally i'd like a model where while # dom elements is below some threshold, hide, else remove.
just got a bagel at almost 3am in the west village after going to 80s prom at a roller skating rink in prospect park. best. night. ever.
this is goals.
hi...how do i enable dark mode in ios? i'm seeing "view lists" instead. help? thanks. :-)
click the "me" tab, click the gear icon, select "turn on night mode".
nice can you hook me up with free popcorn
come and get it then yes
working other people's showers is like working other peoples showers..... impossible
cause it's so hard to lift the nozzle and pull the spout down
what planet have you been living on!!!' lol
obviously not earth! haha
that's a hot pic as soon as i make mine a little prettier we're drivin up somewhere sexy &amp; takin pics
duuuude, i'd love to. there's a car meet tomorrow near pekoe if you wanna come!
sign you are deep into it: you thought it was friday just the other day
or hard core style "what cities were i in 3 days ago?"
wanna come watch netflix with me bc 24 said there's not enough weights there for me
ts true story
duuuude, i'd love to. there's a car meet tomorrow near pekoe if you wanna come!
what time
remember the year i sold bug porn before i got put on d*p's eternal shitlist
shitlist? i didnt know they had one xd
i aint a crip tho bluhd
oh facts bluuuh
what time
i think 8 or 9!
she's a good child in the streets but...
no but. leave it at im a good child omg
. it was chicken feed then too. jobs' $msft deal was for optics &amp; leverage, not $ms. $aapl owned $1b of arm!
yep. purely pr. apple could've just as easily borrowed that amount from a bank.
all i remember from dh last year was laying on the floor behind sanshee and the viz booth ;a;
i was umm... next to yaoi revolutions and some small business booth last year
she's a good child in the streets but...
isn't it past your bedtime
i know it's a female hop off
exactly so get off her head weird ass
it's incredible to me that with all the magic can do they've never addressed proper handling of dupes
exactly. it knows every single picture i'm in -- including when i was 8 years old. yet doesn't know: already got this one.
great idea! so much to talk about.
or mel brooks.
well its too late for them now. let the beef commence
not my fault they can't read signs
exactly so get off her head weird ass
lmao who are you?? this doesn't involve you
@ guys what does a girl have to do for you to like her
show me her tits
@ guys what does a girl have to do for you to like her
jk dont do that
i think 8 or 9!
:(((( ughhhh always when i'm busy
it's 3am &amp; my mom is her blasting chayanne
he got a few joints!!
you know what i can see why they oppress you over there now. i think i might just not wake up
and do my job tomorrow so everybody can be oppressed.
ll is such an interesting case to me because it's girls succeeding and working out all their problems, so i cared a lot
i was the opposite i watched the first season of love live and i think because my friend over hyped it to hell i just couldnt...
and do my job tomorrow so everybody can be oppressed.
night i'm going to go sleep for as long as i want
i'll admit your space rocket thingy is cool if you let me use you as a pillow. doesn't love me enough.
this is an elevation of humanity as a whole from a parochial one planet species to an interplanetary civilization.
looking awesome, can't wait! - final fantasy xiv patch 3.4 - soul surrender
... that looks bad ass. 0_0
show me her tits
thank you jason that was a lovely suggestion
this is a great piece by on what a shock it can be to come back to america after many years abroad
good piece. while reading it i remember the $38 billion we just have to israel.
except it's not true that "local officials" forced the rams' hand in signing kenny washington
black sportswriters got rams to sign washington. it's all in my book
i know it's a female hop off
it didn't involve you at first but you decided to say " go paint the bell" and she's my friend so
it's a long story
i can imagine!
omg win me one of those giant headed stuffed harley quinns!
this one? i ain't no good at that.
planning on it, yeah!
ehe...apparently the love live booth at tgs has some kind of freebies...if itd be too far out of your way then dont worry abt it but...!
"i'm tall, but my brother is taller than __". how do you complete this sentence?
i don't have any brothers.
y with the rude from nowhere. i'm just an innocent bystander with a dumb look on his face.
no. you're a dick that always steals my best friend from me so i have to just walk away because i can't be around you.
this is an elevation of humanity as a whole from a parochial one planet species to an interplanetary civilization.
rome was a management of existent tribes and peoples, this seeds the creation of a new planetary civilization.
victor did good too so let's be nice
they're saying we cheated... lol
she was on my interview team and one of the reasons im so smitten with simple!! (and now i will find out dirt on you!)
she'll try and play dumb like she doesn't know anything but it's just because she's too nice for her own good
hey what is considered "makeout point" in sf? asking for me and
the handicap stall at mr. bing's is quite romantic
shout out 2 all my clients that stay loyal &amp; continue 2 hire me... to all my non loyal u will never get another shoot from me..
damn... i wanna do another shoot soon!
yeeaahh. it does. poor colin...
he's definitely managed to thrive much more in the audio dramas
i definitely don't remember those, i'm sorry ;a; i think i spent most of my yaoicon... not at the con. or avoiding a creep.
no worries! i have a bunch of eva stuff which hooray for old stuff!
omg hahaha "who the fuck is tina?" lol that's funny but yaaaassssss
i was literally like "tina is home omggggg" and they stared at me hard
this whole "i'm not going to release my taxes" is absurd - it should be a law that you must - especially if you're running for president.
no excuses. no exceptions. if you refuse, then i'm going to assume you're nothing but a shady-ass with lots to hide.
comparing trump to hitler manages to simultaneously trivialize hitler and overstate trump's capabilities.
"obama's hitler!" "that's ridiculous! godwin's law!" "donald trump is running for president" "*gasp* hitler! pol pot! mussolini! *faints*"
why donald trump mused about disarming hillary clinton's bodyguards
because donald trump is an asshole
it's my number 1 daddy william john miller ii's birthday.yall know he be lurking so tell him happy birthday
happy birthday billy!!!
nah i was right
lolll whatever breh
thank god
lmao u say that but i'd rather be at starbucks then cashiering
thank you bro! it really means a lot, especially what i have been thru. losing my dad has been the most difficult.
if you &amp; the other "dino charge" power rangers are in san jose, ca, i'll treat you all for lunch/dinner @ my aunt's (cont'd)
it didn't involve you at first but you decided to say " go paint the bell" and she's my friend so
and i still don't care who you are lol
thank you bro! it really means a lot, especially what i have been thru. losing my dad has been the most difficult.
if you &amp; the other "dino charge" power rangers are in san jose, ca, i'll treat you all for lunch/dinner @ my aunt's (cont'd)
planning on it, yeah!
i don't mean to be demanding...it's really not a priority, just an if it's convenient for you sort of thing
this one? i ain't no good at that.
*cries* she's so lonely up there! i'm busy painting the night away
this feature has been in dropbox for years, not that hard to do. just not a use-case has ever chosen to address.
well, i imagine some 50m users are about to ask them to focus on it...
if was around in the 1930s, would he pal up to hitler? probably.
but his neil young as hitler would be on point
rome was a management of existent tribes and peoples, this seeds the creation of a new planetary civilization.
the human race is enhanced in terms of development by orders of magnitude undreamt of in the entire history of human affairs.
caile i can help with that
we officially move in tomorrow bro
and i still don't care who you are lol
dang you're beast
looking forward to pdx time with you
yes!! i imagine you'll have to visit for onboarding soon? when will you be in town?
"obama's hitler!" "that's ridiculous! godwin's law!" "donald trump is running for president" "*gasp* hitler! pol pot! mussolini! *faints*"
his support base is nationalist, but really, if you compare a guy like trump to hitler, you really need to read up on hitler's career.
winter time cold.
the night is still young, drink that dinner wine slow
*cries* she's so lonely up there! i'm busy painting the night away
she's the last one. but the games are closing now.
pretty cool. :3
i am the heroic
i saw a real cute kaworu cosplayer at cafe v tonight. they had the most delightful 90s mom pants!
fuck i love kaworu! the vendor across from me had a kaworu plushie and i was like how much is he!?!?
how are you so attractive holy hell samuel
omg shut up. you're so sweet
i just want food
like in-n-out or anything really
thank you bro! it really means a lot, especially what i have been thru. losing my dad has been the most difficult.
coffee shop in milpitas. i'll explain more in detail based from my video tweets of my stringed family deaths!
those who support smart hillary areo
those who support smart hillary r the best.we admired them always.trump supporters are satanist&amp;evil.
can someone use joog in a sentence for me
"you're tripping, i can get it for joog from my homie" literally the only time i've ever heard it haha
grandparents will be here in less than 20 minutes for their first time in the us. i'm so happy
awwww! that's so sweet!!!! i hope they have a lovely visit!
i start 10/11 and will be there for two weeks!!!
perfect. i'm headed back home tomorrow after a month away and i'm never leaving again
you're an idiot and slanderer. makes you a perfect democrat!
its slander if it's verbal &amp; a lie. neither is the case here.
love how this chick blatantly set up her own dick appointment for me tomorrow like i ain't got shit to do.
you can get slanged in my time sis
welp it's my birthday
happy birthday!!!!!!!
me as an unruly teen
were you a tall teen? i woulda been attracted &amp; also intimidated as hell around u as a tall teen. as opposed to now when i'm so
screw first lady.look at her record of lying &amp; following obama who has led this country into the biggest crisis ever. change
biggest crisis ever? um which crisis are you referring to? the civil war was a big one, wwii, cold war, 9/11...?
fuck i love kaworu! the vendor across from me had a kaworu plushie and i was like how much is he!?!?
he was $30 btw and his is pretty fukken big! if i see you tomrrow ill show you.btw, i turned around from sitting on the stares and
no bp for the giants tomorrow. so you won't see the cage on the field.
the first of twelvesteps is to admit you'rea trekkie. really got a kick out of your comments, you wolf in the fold, you.
hahaha outing needs to be planned
pdx has gained a legit barbecue place since you left. needs to happen
false, here is the final sermon/message of the prophet.
koran has final say. nice try slave boy.
the human race is enhanced in terms of development by orders of magnitude undreamt of in the entire history of human affairs.
we are at the end of history than began in africa and the beginning of a new history for a new human story
his support base is nationalist, but really, if you compare a guy like trump to hitler, you really need to read up on hitler's career.
he hasn't lead any pogroms or coup attempts lately -- that's all i'm saying.
would be nice if our vote counted for once.
i agree. i vote by mail and often wonder if mine is even ran though the machine
false, here is the final sermon/message of the prophet.
how stupid are you? we are not going to respect islam. got it now?
fuck i love kaworu! the vendor across from me had a kaworu plushie and i was like how much is he!?!?
i just got a face full of kaworus ass...am i blessed?!?
yasssss boo, you got me
here's some tips to make sure you win tomorrow too!! good luck! tweet me when you win!
haram in the sheets
go away omg
once again you have given verses without contextualization.
lol once again no one is backing off for a lying scumbag like you.
i love you even though you wish bad things towards me
you started it
u look cute in your profile pic! :)
ily i appreciate so much
good piece. while reading it i remember the $38 billion we just have to israel.
it should be 'gave'
nah, it just makes a white blazer with it's sleeves pushed up magically appear on you
with a pink shirt and flipped hair ala flock of seagulls
she's the last one. but the games are closing now.
i'll have to come baaaack! :-)
if you had studied the context to chapters like chapter 9 (at tawbah),
submit or else. that is clear. we will not. your move muslim.
i made a rick and morty inspired avatar of myself. showing you what i gottttt (background isnt mine)
this is wild lol
i've been camped out in that line for a while ;)
bradley also, /cc
*glaring intensifies* i will be feared!
godsdamnit you two. why do i even bother?
never looking at t*mlr unless i have to upload art/never checking tags on twitter is good the soul
t*mlr? oh wait i got it xd
i am the fear!!!!
remove me from this silly thread.
then you would know that the disbelievers it is addressing are the quraish.
koran says to follow the actions of mohammad for all times. nice try slave.
she's the last one. but the games are closing now.
omg, everything is closing! i thought this party went till 1am!
oct.17th shawtyyy, i'll be there.
oh yeah? hit me up (before) you leave
studio time???": been a long ass day... "
normally, it would be. but i'm on vacation in cali all weekend with my girl.
ok then i have really no idea what this is about...
i just said it when i was drunk. i should try to win you over, and write something you like.
a very interesting take from :
fair report, thx katie. hate the media spin (even fox) &amp; portrayal of hrc as saintly victim.gimme a break!
i legit just cocked my head like a dog thinking they heard their name. i'm intrigued.
look up matt's bbq if you must. and then know that we will go
then you would know that the disbelievers it is addressing are the quraish.
poor irish, getting his ass kicked again.
then you would know that the disbelievers it is addressing are the quraish.
when you coming to takeover america? we are waiting....
i think some may still be around? i heard banana split and galaxy were gone. but they're gonna take preorders!
hmm ill go see. do you know their boothnumbrr?
the way to eden involved posey's first hr since july 16 for : (i promise no star trek references in gamer)
yay brother.
i think i got the hippogryph with hydraulics
stop hittin dem switches!
he hasn't lead any pogroms or coup attempts lately -- that's all i'm saying.
i'm not voting for trump because he's a compulsive liar and he needs aides to manage his twitter feed, not because he's hitler.
because the idolaters of mecca had broken their treaty with the muslims
who cares? everyone should fight islam.
is there really no way to stop google photos from re-backing up every single photo in your icloud library with a new phone?
don't cross the streams, mg. apple *or* google
hence these verse were revealed ordering to fight and kill them.
hence once again you prove our point.
can cats be brown? i don't think i've ever seen a brown cat
according to internets: it's pretty rare. the havanna brown is a brown cat breed but it... rare :o
lol bro trust me... i went to his last show in la and nobody was there then all of a sudden tickets sell out
first of all keep grinding your music and good job with the new one
i know that, but i had to mock mock you to get in my "asshole." oh, um, yeah, okay ... i guess my mind's still in the sewer.
shit, i totally missed that "asshole" crack. that really has to be the end of this.
i know i just tweeted that
i just saw that sorry
for idiots, &amp; words to pass of a chalice &amp; a last supper( * ) i'm believing it was the first one that was a solid bitch.
. the ingenuity lacking arrows, perfect in flight &amp; from a sagittarius-wise woman need never be drawn homewardly unto any kind of road
hence these verse were revealed ordering to fight and kill them.
when you coming to america to takeover? what is the delay loudmouth?
thanks for reaching out man, appreciate it confluence of bad shit all at once but think we made it through for the night
i know that feeling friendo. good luck!!
hence these verse were revealed ordering to fight and kill them.
even muslims do not respect ahmadis. lol
will owe my life to anyone who brings me pho right now. sos u know you've felt the post toga hurt
omgggg wish i saw this sooner! have delivery options on door dash and uber eats!!
i wanna go see this mies van der rohe office building at the other end of the mile, but i'm tired.
you know he has his own color - miesian black!
how does one figure it out?
i think it differs for diff ppl. at some point when i was a kid i decided "me" was my gender. so whatever i felt like = my gender
first of all keep grinding your music and good job with the new one
and bro chance is blowing up like crazy, i was lucky enough to see him live at outsidelands
pedro, if there is any input you'd like to share with us please contact so we can connect.
poor pick up times, cancellation fees being charged after 30 seconds, crazy pool routes, drivers that don't pick up
no i don't :( i don't even know what their name is, i just saw pics and heard people talking about them.
aww its ok! if im not busy tomorrow i will go check things out again
you're the devil
well... alrighty then
civilization began in mesopotamia. :p where 'human' history began depends heavily upon how you define 'human.'
our prehuman ancestors about 1.9 million years ago to now. that's chapter one. a self sustaining martian colony starts chap 2
.. youve had your selfworth artificial inflated your whole life eh?
if u r trump's follower.just go to hell.
some henny &amp; chill playing chayanne?
julio iglesias n chill im doing that now blasted
they don't already have the photos and then check against each other?
apparently not...
sis there is someone from columbia in my comparative literature class and he somehow annoyed me after saying like 3 words
i'm screaming but also 0% surprised lmao
ha ha ha... that's really funny. now they r treated lke sh!t
lol karma my friend! they are useful idiots to islam.
the bushes are helping the clintons today. kasich is rallying for obama. i'm glad everyone's cards on are the table.
pathetic bunch. eating their own
there are few chances in one's life to aspire to greatness says
i believe i got a very lucky roll 1/2
i just... can't? i can't. nothing appeals to me
still with that mindset i see...
is that all you got? cite your source for this absurd statement or stfu.
truely lives on an island. fyi no problems with race however me being white makrs you angry so sorry for your pain
sorry to hear. without giving out personal info, can you explain what's happened? ^mc
and apparently no one can figure out how to help me with this problem
oh okay. my friend and i won them for tonight but we haven't heard anything on when we are suppose to get them lol thanks!
awh congrats !!! and they'll probably gonna send them tomorrow that's when i got mine
bitch betta have $$ to drop on a ticket to hawaii dope little wedding in the beach
wow soo cool
i suggest you study before throwing random verses out.
i suggest you realize you are only proving our points.
heard the same shit , you in englewood
that shit was od loud, cus im by the ave
maker cane be muslim should be punish,this is call sharia,do not misunderstand.thanks,
i clearly understand it. islam is pure trash.
it's over! coachella valley wins its fifth straight , 34-27 over a very spirited indio team
yes they were. congrats to their team, coaches and admin. they came to play.
i think it differs for diff ppl. at some point when i was a kid i decided "me" was my gender. so whatever i felt like = my gender
then i related that to how others tended to classify gender. so in some ways gender to me seemed as unique as individuals and
i'm beyond jealous
it was one of the best experiences of my life
. they had broken a treaty with the muslims by killing unarmed muslims. it was an act of war
don't try and takeover. screw you, screw allah and screw mohammad.
hr have advised that i'm not allowed to ask my chubby co-workers if they ate my missing stapler.
* belches * * small bird perched on post directly in front of me dies * what?
your being easily refuted. try harder next time
no you are just excusing hatred. too stupid to see it.
bro my eyebrows r so ugly what happened
omg shutup ur eyebrows are beautiful dont be insecurr boo werk it!!!!
there are people dying in the streets and the shit that gets your panties in a twist is me being open with my own sexual agency.. weird
me talking about my sex life makes you uncomfortable bc i'm 17? not uncomfortable enough to stop harassing me about it tho lmaoo.
really have felt the love from you all this past week. thanks so much for the support it means a lot!
your welcome dude! thanks fort always being awesome
-dont forget muslims rulled india for 900 years,more population of hindu then muslims is proof islam means peace,
no that means muslims are backstabbers to india. parasites like you.
just one of the many reasons kevin durant came to the bay area . . .
really? he left after the first inning.
rulled europ fr 700 years more christians population of europ is proof islam means is peace,
you mean they slaughtered their way across the world. nice try.
you caught up with jojo? if so, the latest episode was the best this season i feel.
it's been in overdrive lately! nothing tops jojo, not even close.
caption this photo of taking over my twitter to confess his love to
multi-track shitposting
good luck! they should be taking pos at some point so at least there's an option!
i just want a superhero dick charm
you've gotta tell us what that name was!
it's kind of faint in the screenshot, but - cover your ears - "penelope".
your being easily refuted. try harder next time
do what allah wants or else. that is islam.
ha ha! syrian rebels accidentally explode bomb while taking a "selfie" via
damnit muhammed i said dont strike the nine 9 key you moron
the undisclosed dangers of production (2015): and the chemistry of deception by
this 10-part series on the history of the decades-long coverup by dupont of the toxicity of ( precursor) for decades is chilling.
-muslims alsway attaked by none muslims so they have fight for theiers defence,and always win wd grace of god,
don't try and takeover. go whine elsewhere.
why? nothing it uses is 'revolutionary.' the boosters are somewhat new, but the vacuum thrusters use 60's hydrazine. :p
it's still never been done before. humans striking out to create a new civ on a new planet. it changes everything.
but my bf is gr8 bcos he just ft me to show me my kuya being the best dj ever
what a bae. you should keep him.
when such an opportunity comes along, most difficult job is to recognize it, second most difficult job is to take the risk of acting upon it
upon realisation cashed out the regular life thing &amp; put it all on the line... 2/2 now hustling harder than ever
.. youve had your selfworth artificial inflated your whole life eh?
the american nation,call you dumb-crazy &amp; idiot.
did the shorter interview air on tv because the newscast was running long?
we never air full, raw, lengthy interviews at 11pm but am grateful to showcase them on social media
like i said, the verse are addressing the idolaters of mecca, not non muslims in general
like i said, koran says to follow the actions of mohammad for all times.
i can do this all day, literally.
where do i find a light skin boy that looks that this lmk
ending the night with a compliment: sensitively-told story on vets' golf course desperately needing repairs (and funding) :)
thanks for watching!
last two years its had to deal with a wall climbing.
wish it was like 100 pound blocks and digging that would help
it's still never been done before. humans striking out to create a new civ on a new planet. it changes everything.
the order of development goes: single-cellular life, multi-cellular life, multi-planetary life. we're about to enter step 3. ^_^
you guys are unable to refute arguments so you turn to abuse.
no. you prove our points and do not deserve respect.
ahhh! i'm so happy to have met you! thank you thank you! i'm so touched by your kindness \y^y/
of course!!!! i hope it's okay when i stop by tomorrow again i don't mean to pester you hahah
couldn't help but cheer you guys on today. great goal- reminded me of the force days. love &amp; miss you both
we love you so so much. so glad i got to see you.
obummer is such a despicable ass intentionally trying2 destroy our country in every way possible.may he burn in hell
have you seen his wife he's there my friend he is there
like, the design? or the fact that the us sits squarely at zero?
the design.
good luck! they should be taking pos at some point so at least there's an option!
i hope they have one!
-finally islam wl rull the world, some one like it or not,peace wl prevail among humans,for period then world wl end,
you will have to kill millions of americans for that to happen. come and try it scumbag.
why take other trains
various reasons
you still cant refute my points.
you only justified hatred.
did this guy just ignore me for like an entire day and just resume our old conversation
i can't even be upset bc i do the same thing
dolly parton - jolene (high quality) sound via
have you heard the new version w/ and ? or the one played at 33 speed?
then i related that to how others tended to classify gender. so in some ways gender to me seemed as unique as individuals and
i figured out what aspects were most constant/consistent &amp; went from there. masculine but not a man. not exclusively female either
another reason to not cook with non-stick pans. chemicals from them increase risk of gestational diabetes.
. i used to think the fear of chems from nonstick pans was a wacky hippie belief, but reading about , it's scary stuff!
just pointing out fact...biggest win in sprts for usa, but no doubt how good ussr team was
this is coming from a guy that said aaron donald was better than khalil mack...
ah good call, i forgot to tweet out our picks for this week. it's five per week.
have to think cleveland, miami and kc this week
i didn't hear anyone say the superhero one was gone, so you might be ok!
they hve a superhero one!?? thatsit! thats he one!!
it was probably suicidal anyway. i heard most birds are pretty depressed.
* coughs * * puts hand over mouth * ow, dammit! yeah, i'm sure it's that. * hides hand behind back *
sensing threat, ups plans to expand its 3d printing operations
if they can pull it off, it will be a classic pivot!
. i used to think the fear of chems from nonstick pans was a wacky hippie belief, but reading about , it's scary stuff!
. scientists at dupont knew since the 1980's about birth defects in children of their plant employees. and in animal studies.
grad school got you in therapist mode all the time lol
take lots of pictures of afghanistan. you're so lucky.
minus the slime, i just lived out my childhood dream!
my attempt was so sad
you need an elevator pitch for everyone you ever meet not just vcs get it good
for extra credit: get it good enough that everyone you meet can re-pitch it
how? why was the scottish ahmadiyaa murdered?
ahmadis are the rejects of the ummah.
love live sucks and is for babies
this is too woke
in my family can ever tell them apart even tho i think they look nothing alike. but then he goes 'anaivs godmother was there too' &amp; im like
ones tall and dark the other one is short muscular and light... how is it hard?
and it's on to no bp saturday
tried to get a video of the guy running onto the field tonight but alas i'm a shorty and everyone stood up in front of me.
lol he is on the run. he can't refute my points so he turns back to abuse
i right here, i just do not respect you at all. you fail to save face.
sending booty pics will save lives
mouth hits floor
jason can u wake me up after james throws the comp
i think he will try have faith
lol he is on the run. he can't refute my points so he turns back to abuse
you proved my points. you are a savage.
all these amazing people in my life that came to support me and my dream come true
congratulations!!!!
you got a bird in that hand?
hahaha! yeah, right! a bird! definitely not a staple or anything,haha.
hillary clinton spent 145 million on ads - trump 4.4 million on ads - money not moving the needle for her.!
he doesn't need to spend when the media is thirsty for clicks
lol this is great! on a saturday too!
for real i'm just hyped i don't gotta cut my day short anymore ... tomorrow i'm coming out to play
lol he is on the run. he can't refute my points so he turns back to abuse
talking to yourself? lol
i figured out what aspects were most constant/consistent &amp; went from there. masculine but not a man. not exclusively female either
i don't mind being read as male but also no desire to take t/have surgery. took while to figure out where my body issues came from
the powder toss fucked up my lungs
i keep coughing out powder.
lol he is on the run. he can't refute my points so he turns back to abuse
like when you call me a loser?
i really need espiritu de canela. idk if i should just hop on the train to jamaica to get it tomorrow or order it online &amp; wait a few days
i could drive to jamaica too but parking is shit out there. do indian stores sell it? i doubt it
already on episode 4 of stranger things...
lowkey wanna hop on ..
the woman who raised me would not have wanted an enabler of white supremacists. you are unrecognizable.
who is this grid human?
.: "we should be very grateful that the age of obama is finally over."
i'd still like to 4 incompetence in me, iran deal, economy &amp; terrorism: he's really bad!
same with me, cynthia is my 2nd favorite, so we have both in common.
better than dawn, serena and may who didnt reach their goals. but hey at least misty is gym leader after her johto adventures
i could drive to jamaica too but parking is shit out there. do indian stores sell it? i doubt it
but like i'm really talking to myself right now about espiritu de canela but like i need it, i ran out over a week ago
killing to rull the world this is beauty of islam,we wl bring true faith into men hearts,dont need to killing,
stop the bs slave. we? you have no following. lol
trust me you deal with things much better when you do
you probably sleeping but good night and i'll hit you up in the morning
i've already written a zine that goes from circuits adder, would ppl be interested in a zine that goes from alu kernel?
i would be! i spent way too long finding the right person to fill in some gaps in my mental picture of how page faults work.
your english is also terrible. not surprised with the education system you have out there.
it is called a typo moron. you will never win muslim.
there's no google search widget for the ios 10 search screen: why that matters
google should ban search on ios devices &amp; let apple use their own, like their maps. apple doesn't get software
true! she sees to it that she gives her 100% in every task she gets herself into!
she does things beyond of what people are expecting her to do. 110% effort!
----we are not goerge walter bush of america,worshiper of bon&amp;scult.
end of conversation.
: flashback: michelle obama slams hillary as unfit for the white house
. i'm unsure what has accomplished in past 8 years for to now pledge her support
your english is also terrible. not surprised with the education system you have out there.
debate me on the radio tough guy.
i guess what i'm saying is...please don't get mad at me.
a perfect chance to introduce folks to my 2 best friends- perspective &amp; proportion
you are a loser. you lost many a time. no go back to your "readers"
nope. you proved my point. try it asshole.
all i know is that i should call in to work but i'm not going to cuz i'm a sav
mama ain't raised no bitch
apple actually does this though. they send out updates that fucks up your phone so you have to get the updated one
it happened with the fives and now ppl are complaining about the new ios update.
share all sides! lol
we have to consider these things as opportunity/educational gaps get smaller, and histories get easier to be erased.
keep saying that to yourself, if it comforts you.
just stating the truth. easy to see why most of the people you follow do not follow back. ahmadi idiot.
"the bullshit whisperer:" trump's biography. btw: curse away -- i'm a crim defense lawyer and have heard so much worse.
ah, criminal law... i our criminal court here. love jury duty - no joke
here is my thing and i think people will disagree but i cant help it
from now on, if u hang out with a guy after ive told u he is bad news? i cant be friends with you
can't wait to hear it.
it's already queued up in my drafts.
thought i could sleep this whole flight but i already slept most of the way back the states... *pays $10 for wifi
coming up over sf right meow...
this dude keeps buying me shots. i don't know who he is, i haven't said one word to him, but he keeps buying them. and i'm drinkin em.
must know i'm the best kof commentator in the world
from now on, if u hang out with a guy after ive told u he is bad news? i cant be friends with you
i wish i had it in me to have a deeper limit then that but thats it. i cant any more
as a reminder, s3 of starts off really great. my review:
what the hell is black mirror!?! i completely missed this show. there's too much damn tv...
and then the parasitic flood wipes out all life in the galaxy... i read halo too. :p
halo is a book series as well as a shooter video game? first i've heard of it. xp
well, it is a fact, you will never defeat islam. it is evident by the fact that you can't refute my points.
you have no points. just hatred.
love is blind ehhy lmao jk idk im guessing he got depressed after losing his bomb adrienne, chyna is an l.
wonder how the baby will look lol it will prob be cute
jason i swear to god, james better not throw this or the final comp. play like your life is on the line. his pisses me off.
don't think hes gonna throw it and he didn't throw the last one
well, it is a fact, you will never defeat islam. it is evident by the fact that you can't refute my points.
fact is that more than half of america opposes islam. come and do something about it....
i wish i had it in me to have a deeper limit then that but thats it. i cant any more
even if he hasn't "done anything" &amp; u think im being crazy.... i have to trust my instinct
well, it is a fact, you will never defeat islam. it is evident by the fact that you can't refute my points.
debate me on the radio. coward.
to get on my soapbox briefly, i was scolding someone for spreading fear that wifi &amp; cell towers are dangerous. studies have shown otherwise.
i get annoyed with people who worry about what i consider "known to be safe" things like low-power rf, fluoridated tap water, and vaccines.
what kind of ppl do you have added lol
yeah i have none of these in my stories lmao
and verified on twitter and insta. follow them in their journey through life!
that is absolutely amazing congratulations i am happy for them they deserve it
dude, i barely use twitter. this is your life yet you still fail at it. lool
that would be you. lol man are you stupid.
omg dude you hella freaked out and noah was laughing the whole time
dude i freaked out cuz the shit flew like tf advanced ass roaches
dude, i barely use twitter. this is your life yet you still fail at it. lool
fact is that america is turning on islam.
since its late i'll tweet this again tomorrow, but it you wanna see andy's problems perform on the 24th dm me plz :-)
we will actually be playing this time
you know it
hahaha wtf you gotta squeeze one out then or that's just pointless
i have chosen a male partner as my sexual choice. but i don't feel male or female.
i know a fair number of folks who are some flavor of both or neither. it's hard cuz there's not room 4 that in most contexts
you need to commentate with the mikado guys for a fatal fury 3 tournament.
i gotta do adobe serious brush up on 3, i haven't played vanilla 3 since i was a kid
dude, i barely use twitter. this is your life yet you still fail at it. lool
enjoy asshole.
i get annoyed with people who worry about what i consider "known to be safe" things like low-power rf, fluoridated tap water, and vaccines.
there are so many chemicals made by companies that we already know from history are evil (dupont, 3m, dow...). remember agent orange? bhopal?
refutation of bullshit is now called triggering? that's adorable.
by the way .. i'm talking about the refutation of 's bs
first song i learned on guitar! lol. i'm sure everyone who has a guitar says the same.
wonder if i can play on my ukulele. i thought most learned stairway to heaven?
thnx for insight purple guy
yeah but that idiot should use something else besides nat its painfully disgusting
meanwhile there's me with a bunch of my friends popping eggs in their snaps
social media is what you make of it!
nope no hatred. you are the one who is hurling abuse.
what was that?
excellent. had a great time, david. lot of mets fans were happy while i was sad to see the tigers urinate another game.
indians killing season for tigers. let me know if you go there again. easy for me to get to. can meet up
yup, keep making things up as you go
islam allows child marriages. you support it. nice try pedo.
have you not seen the verse about the slaves in the song. and your country does not allow people to be free. no way.
you wake up every fucking morning and you can do what ever the fuck you want regardless of you gender or race
there are so many chemicals made by companies that we already know from history are evil (dupont, 3m, dow...). remember agent orange? bhopal?
toxic chemicals from chronic exposure to pfoa from wastewater from a factory that makes teflon, or from the final product is a real concern.
you wake up every fucking morning and you can do what ever the fuck you want regardless of you gender or race
do you know what it's like to not be free? because i've legitimately not been free before it's pretty shitty compared to being
u don't understand basic photography...
so true,..and i feel so restricted because of it....
"i'm not jealous. i'm just impatient for you to commit to me." yas gawd tell yo man
she's either crying or laughing. i think crying. either way, my heart is breaking for her.
thank u babe
of course boo
toxic chemicals from chronic exposure to pfoa from wastewater from a factory that makes teflon, or from the final product is a real concern.
i feel bad for all the people of my parents and grandparents' generation who were exposed to all this stuff at work &amp; lied to by management.
wrong, muhammeds final marching orders: sur 9:29, educate yourself!
he knows. he is just a liar.
ah, criminal law... i our criminal court here. love jury duty - no joke
&amp; btw, usually a loved juror by both sides but have worked very well with judges in my past re: ethics.
no really though
i really can't with her lmao
white man hangs noose to ...
evryone knows significance of noose to african-americans esp on 45th anniversary of kkklansmen arrested for bombing school buses.
she's either crying or laughing. i think crying. either way, my heart is breaking for her.
"if you care about me, then stop seeing jessica." jessica a ho fo sho, i can tell
only controversial to conspiracy nuts.
i've got the "nuts",..looking for the "bolt" right now...
comeback of the year
real talk cus i hadn't played ina min
i don't mean it in that way at all
i know, i do. but it just needs to change in this world, you feel me? i know you don't have bad intentions at all.
. :"hillary clinton has been on the wrong side of trade for decades."
yes her idea of trade is from your hand to hers
i feel bad for all the people of my parents and grandparents' generation who were exposed to all this stuff at work &amp; lied to by management.
"don't worry, this c8 stuff's perfectly safe. like soap powder. just wash it off." "some of the women had problems with the fetuses, so...
i agree, but he knows that will get in james head
its just messed up why doesn't he badger nicoreys relationship oh that's right he cant have nat
well, it is a fact, you will never defeat islam. it is evident by the fact that you can't refute my points.
try and takeover america. you will not know what hit you slave boy.
i wish i could re-live some nights
same here during last year's poem where i had my 1st slow dance with a beautiful, smart, intelligent girl.
. and team up to fight
article doesn't mention att has 30 days to respond before others can move lines....
i prayed to beyonc not to get my period until after the concert and it worked. thank you beysus.
how did you like her concert
3 guys? wow!!! omg such a whore!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg me as a singer
"if you care about me, then stop seeing jessica." jessica a ho fo sho, i can tell
"i'll come home every single day. it's not my fault it's like this. i'm tired of your prostitutes." gurl stand up for yourself
": damn, the dancing emoji girls are growing up so fast cc: lmfao
they not getting thick tho!
how is it possible that you have access to twitter, but not google?
who said i don't have access to google... that's how i get to twitter...
"don't worry, this c8 stuff's perfectly safe. like soap powder. just wash it off." "some of the women had problems with the fetuses, so...
...we moved them to other positions. but this c8 is still perfectly safe for men to work with." "it definitely won't cause ulcerative colitis...
media now complaining they were "tricked" into covering trump's endorsements from vets. after giving how much time to the khans?
they were tricked. can't believe how upset they are. loving it
she loves your toothbrush! but she lost hers at camp &amp;she recommended it to all her campers at
i'm so upset i lost that toothbrush
you can use the stove
doesn't work so well for a pipe my friend.
if i don't say it in a offencive way there's no need to worry , i'm not the only one who says it ..
i know, i correct everyone who i see say it, it ain't just you.
its just messed up why doesn't he badger nicoreys relationship oh that's right he cant have nat
its ok though i'm sure his mom will have a stock full of tube socks and vaseline waiting on him
dang, i'll have to catch him next time he's in town
you should, it was dope! also he apparently played stuff off his new album too
what was the last console game you were absolutely obsessed with?
disgaea! massive time sink, stays fun to level 9999 and beyond.
eww every time i post a video on facebook, the quality is so gross! i just end up deleting it. why can't we just post gifs there?
nightmare. pictures too.
im up for a radio debate. but whats the point if nobody is going to be listening . debate on dm and we can post the convos
says a reject of the ummah. lol
about to go see andre nickatina tonight in petaluma, time 2 get crunk
literally so jealous
...we moved them to other positions. but this c8 is still perfectly safe for men to work with." "it definitely won't cause ulcerative colitis...
...a bowel condition that can cause sudden bouts of diarrhea." "ok, exposure to c8 at work does cause ulcerative colitis... &amp; rectal cancer."
guys can have pussy appointments right?
if we get dick appointments i don't see why not
no wants to take over america except the "lets make america great again" campaigners, and you are one of them
liar. a dumb one at that.
from the look of the comp i think james has a real chance at beating nicole
really hope so cause nicole already prepped cheating for third part
the is on the cusp of something "big" when it comes to deployment of . industry and gov must work together to narrow .
true. wireless carriers and equipment makers (ericsson &amp; nokai) need to use available tools for better design...
it won't be next friday. i am going to the mets game. if you are interested, let me know. not wasting time watching tigers, dave
probably can make it. know for sure early next week
remember many r still learning what really stands for help others see bigotry+ +sleazy tax schemes=bad4them
you've lost your literal mind. educate yourself w/ facts. riddled w/ 30 yrs scandals
these options are all still waay better than getting shoved and glared at by masc gay dudes in weho, jussayin
weho legit my least fav part of la. i've had way more fun in the fucking fashion district but best is prolly k-town
says the fat american
not even close.
np! and thank you. i might be working for the un in the refugee dept in a few months. i'll might run into you next yr lol
lol brilliant. something for me to look forward to then.
dont use that one anymore but thank you britttt love you
oh shoot i didn't even realize. love you too!
no wants to take over america except the "lets make america great again" campaigners, and you are one of them
lol so you speak for all muslims.
we schooled them
we make a good team
happy birthday have a good one, miss you alot lmk when your back in miami
thankss chris ilyy miss you too i will
...a bowel condition that can cause sudden bouts of diarrhea." "ok, exposure to c8 at work does cause ulcerative colitis... &amp; rectal cancer."
working w/ computer code, despite the occasional mental, emotional, &amp; psychological annoyances, doesn't involve nasty industrial chemicals.
true. wireless carriers and equipment makers (ericsson &amp; nokai) need to use available tools for better design...
instead of lobbying for rules that may allow 120 foot poles w/generators in front yards under the guise is small cells/5g
show me! !!!
sorry but i was told not to show anyone.
"imma ask you just question: did you cheat?" gurl ain't that obvious now
she's crying now. idk what to do. as a reminder, before she got on the bus, i was just lusting after beowulf. maybe she'll join me.
does paul have ashy feet
no he just likes to jerk it out in the open lol
sign that you're getting..... old
lol honestly tho
thing i needed as ceo: someone to show me when i was doing well, with no b.s. plenty folks tell you when not doing well, surplus there
and vivek mehra are good at this - and have comps. but still good at identifying top 3 weaknesses situationally.
tomorrow: city vandals huskies mariners
spurs have the best dual emoji form imo.
i do to, the update is whatever, is you gonna get the 7?
hell no! my 6 still working mighty fine!! you?
i'm gonna be on twitter all night because now all of the coffee i drank at the start of my shift is just now hitting me
literally julia i told you
working w/ computer code, despite the occasional mental, emotional, &amp; psychological annoyances, doesn't involve nasty industrial chemicals.
"dupont employees knew in 1979 about a recent 3m study showing that some rhesus monkeys also died when exposed to c8." also kills , .
so a third dog whistle calling on someone to physically attack your opponent?
good to have u back keith! we need you now more than ever!
albany: where you can get a drunk calzone at 3:30 am
ain't in great
don't get it why does he always need bring up nat all time right he don't bother do to nicorey he did for awhile not for long
cause nat likes james and i'm starting to think hes racist because of the talks with bronte
the gag is she already stayed and apparently knew before us
she's an idiot but i never thought otherwise anyway!
hmmm... i wonder if grueney is talking about pity upon the poor.
if grueney is talking about don't go with the flow, at least grueney got part of that right.
tonight was so amazint i love him
love yours!
albany: where you can get a drunk calzone at 3:30 am
ain't it great *
"dupont employees knew in 1979 about a recent 3m study showing that some rhesus monkeys also died when exposed to c8." also kills , .
this is some tobacco company level evil. but unlike cigarettes, we *all* have some (c8) in our bloodstreams from background exposure.
. opening tonights w/ an a cappella rendition of izzo is one of the finest moments in television history
quite right! harrison narcotics act targeted the yellow peril-but also the mexicans in new orleans on the docks
this is, admittedly, one of my favorite duels of the season.
it ended really well, i thought. good hat-tip to how far both of the characters have come~
let me know. i don't want to waste my time at a bar watching the tigers. rather be at citi field and enjoy the mets.
tigers need next 2 games with jays playing fucking angels team that's tanking
this king-parrot's found a tasty morsel. as the sun sets, melbourne.
how beautiful is this little sun-burst! thanks for this lovely wake-up. :)
trump comes close to calling for clinton's assassination again:
sounds like the final act of a desperate man.
remember kaine has never lost an election
yes good point
this is some tobacco company level evil. but unlike cigarettes, we *all* have some (c8) in our bloodstreams from background exposure.
a chemical that didn't exist on earth 100 years ago is now spread in trace quantities across the planet where it could stay for millennia.
another law that apparently doesn't apply to the clintons
hrcs tentacles reach far and wide.corruption at its finest is what she &amp; bill offer. disgusting.they're all in it!
you literally told me i was weird for this fuck you
lyndsey told me she did it too and noticed the same things you did lmao
jewish means "of judaism" which means from judea (i.e. of jacob/israel's descents=israelites)
jewry didn't exist until long after moses. jews didn't exist at the time of moses.
weho legit my least fav part of la. i've had way more fun in the fucking fashion district but best is prolly k-town
lil tokyo is perf for dates since there's boba, snacks, hella good food
a chemical that didn't exist on earth 100 years ago is now spread in trace quantities across the planet where it could stay for millennia.
and it's just one of many thousands of industrial chemicals from the 20th century that companies just used, before proving them to be safe.
did you see the comp their doing on bbleaks? also how did she prepare i missed that
no i haven't but she was telling corey to make signs or facial expressions so she would know the right answer
the weekly let-down: over-priced delivery charges or late deliveries. (now 30 minutes late)
1 hour late and no way to contact a human. /cc
this hurts my soul. d:
im not sorry
jewish means "of judaism" which means from judea (i.e. of jacob/israel's descents=israelites)
jews are not israelites. i don't know why you insist otherwise.
best thing about college
i have yet to see you since that time at the cc
folks, if i were a guy, i'd look exactly like this. only that blank tooth is gold : )
would you also be a transylvanian pelt smuggler? i think not. :)
what's gv record ?
better than east's cuz u guys suck
why wont that fucking tweet send
ive tried to tweet the same video like 12 times n its just not working
ever wonder why new year's day is 8 days after xmas (his birth)? jesus' "brit"(circumcision)
that only means jesus was subjected to ritual genital mutilation at the hands of abusers.
i have to get to lisbon some day. barcelona is cool.
what say who is in these cities now
not ur booty call. don't hmu
i got my vibrator, i don't need ur dollar store dick thx anyway
yeeee he's got a cloud of good souls as a whip too!!
didn't know he also cussed
ever wonder why new year's day is 8 days after xmas (his birth)? jesus' "brit"(circumcision)
u can euphemistically all it "circumcision", but correct term is ritual genital mutilation.
youtube prophesy. donald trump will be president!!!
in your dream, idiots.
ever wonder why new year's day is 8 days after xmas (his birth)? jesus' "brit"(circumcision)
u can euphemistically call it "circumcision", but correct term is ritual genital mutilation.
still wondering if iphone 7 is even worth
let's bring back the nokias
got me in tears every time someone drop his joint
she's finally here my niece
you guys i will be useless during that last boss. pray to selene for cries
crits rather
i got my vibrator, i don't need ur dollar store dick thx anyway
unless u gonna let me sit on ur face, i ain't interested
that's crazy, it looked like it was snowing.
haha this was a fun one in 2012!
ever wonder why new year's day is 8 days after xmas (his birth)? jesus' "brit"(circumcision)
that only means that jews are sexual sadist child-abusers. sex criminals.
still wondering if iphone 7 is even worth
let's bring back the nokias
...wouldn't they dissolve pretty quickly
yes thus why it is ill-advised
oh my fuck it's bacon
rude af just tweeting but ignoring my calls
or is he too concussed and in a dark room to understand that
you seem to be on quite the rant. you okay?
the concrete post is 'supporting' her here...
i don't get the parentheses.
should i make myself bacon and eggs at 12:30am
this is a question???
is not a technology, it is a revolution, says fcc tom wheeler, need to explain benefits to communities to get small cell siting needs
rules/laws being proposed shouldn't be deceptive or defy common sense...
jewish means "of judaism" which means from judea (i.e. of jacob/israel's descents=israelites)
what relevance do jews even have in the bible other than them killing jesus?
jesus was jewish. you celebrate his circumcision (inclusion in hebrew faith) on new year'sday
jesus was not jewish. jesus is god, and god cannot be a jew.
where'd you get these pants?! went shopping for some today but couldn't find any black ones super ripped ;(
i got a pair that look just like this not to long ago at american eagle
read and be enlightened my ignorant friend
that calls for dominance. try it. when you coming slave boy?
i just realised that &gt;5% looks pretty much exactly like 75% on there lol
hey i didn't know u did art stuff! i like it
. 3 keys what commission can do to unlock the opportunity 3) removing unnecessary hurdles to siting
but rules/laws being proposed shouldn't be deceptive or defy common sense...
debate on dm. are you a coward
if i were a coward i would not call to debate you on the radio.
and it's just one of many thousands of industrial chemicals from the 20th century that companies just used, before proving them to be safe.
almost finished reading part 1. class exercise: people like donald trump want to live forever. but no regulations...
no , the plural of vinyl is vinyl.
i know but i am very lazy
usage of high spectrum bands mean small cells will be key to 5g says siting processes should be streamlined as a result.
but rules/laws being proposed shouldn't be deceptive or defy common sense...
i miss bool fam
we should have a reunion
debate on dm. are you a coward
muslim bitch needs to hide. lol
why 5g requires small cells &amp; clearer siting rules [video]
but rules/laws being proposed shouldn't be deceptive or defy common sense...
haha yas queen!! so happy to see you tonight
likewise!! worked out so well, thanks for stopping by
almost finished reading part 1. class exercise: people like donald trump want to live forever. but no regulations...
...so how does somebody whose fear of aging and death leads them to never smoke a cigarette, have an alcoholic drink, smoke a joint, etc....
wow, well then chances are they wont use a statement from corey they dont use all of them just like 7 i think
she also told corey to taint the jury against james
may your weekend be free from support e-mails, lazy people dumping their problems on you, and your boss' number showing up on your phone.
may you have clever configurations, dispatched data, and refined (and not radical, rancorous, ravaged, or rebellious) routing
dude, you have rednecks and racists following you. who cares?
prove it. who are you again?
delightfully, the parrots are all around me this year!
a reason to relocate to your home city, your local bird life. :)
for idiots, &amp; words to pass of a chalice &amp; a last supper( * ) i'm believing it was the first one that was a solid bitch.
counter countenance. groupee in took "blessed bein' the fruit of the loom cyanted under you you ar and da noise
awesome turnout at our phone bank tonight with ! together we made over 1,300 calls for hillary!
thanksparis! you're awesome! as is ben smith!
can't back it up. confidence is backing it up. cockiness is unable to back it up.
hmm i like what you did there.
so you calling the irish thick ?
just you. look at all the disrespect you are getting. lol
bill on the campaign tail.
campaigning is just his way of saving his energy for more strenuous endeavors.
...so how does somebody whose fear of aging and death leads them to never smoke a cigarette, have an alcoholic drink, smoke a joint, etc....
...and is such a germaphobe that he's known to avoid shaking hands (trump had bottles of hand sanitizer for the press for his 2000 campaign)...
get over yourself. many vets, myself included, agree with this kind of action.
dude literally what branch and mos
all of my friends are here @ yaoi con but i'm in the room watching utapri..what is this world i live in go out ariel
i thought you were having a room party
once again, it was referring to the idolaters of mecca not all non muslims
koran says to follow actions of mo for all times. try it.
i want to help you get your facts straight
253 dems &amp; 182 r's. in house in 1964. that's why it looks like they have more yeas.
it's close
break in and make it
i used to like you, but not anymore. you were a sickening and disgusting human being tonight.
i'm so sure she cares! stick your tongue out and put your fingers in your ears!
this hit me so hard... this poor poor sweet baby and her mom i couldn't imagine
what happened i was confused as f on how they died
they did it in season 14
i really hope he wins
...and is such a germaphobe that he's known to avoid shaking hands (trump had bottles of hand sanitizer for the press for his 2000 campaign)...
...square his germ-phobia, disease-phobia, and drug phobia with a complete laissez-faire attitude to food safety &amp; epa/fda regulations?
us navy. nuke em. fight me.
lmfao ok let's go then pog
lmao wish i could
you can .. don't wish do it
i mean... if he was 'hungering' for someone to pull him out of the darkness... doesn't that mean he was aware he
should be a better person? and what kind of like changes has he made or done or apologies said? o_o this is awful.
i just want someone i can have minecraft sex with
already busted a nut think bout it
i want to help you get your facts straight
cnn's race for the white house series said that nixon had a strong civil rights record and was friends w/ mlk jr
half of my dreams are halfway true, so i'm automatically scared from the jump when i have a bad dream
what'd you dream about?
the ape's at the top of the invasive omnivore heap!
hmm, rats are certainly omnivores.
na not just friends. smart strangers because i was just involved in some dumb ass shit
those are people you can make friends tbh
that description is hilarious, does trump need a dom? will that set him straight?
melania looks like she has a closetful of dom toys. so, no. spank, spit on him, leash &amp; whip him. it just energizes the bunny.
...square his germ-phobia, disease-phobia, and drug phobia with a complete laissez-faire attitude to food safety &amp; epa/fda regulations?
i'm overthinking him. the deal w/ trump is that he thinks he's a genius, but he's not all that bright. he's created a good life for himself.
haha always heavy on the garlic passing through there! so you took the scenic route?
it's the route waze recommended. and it wasn't very scenic in the middle of the night. lol
when have you seen them play this year?
i try not to cuz it hurts my eyes but ive seen highlights and none looked highlight worthy
i know it's crazy we need to meet up!
hit a bitch up
. "the market doesnt work. consumers don't have choice." while he actively works to kill apps/streaming services
this is false astroturfing
what? not like i showed anything or made any noises during it you can rewatch it and you'll never know when i did it
that's part of the prolem!! &gt;:c *shakes the boar*
happy birthday to these beautiful people that came into my life freshman year love you both and do it big in socal
u in that third picture!! girrrlll
i'm overthinking him. the deal w/ trump is that he thinks he's a genius, but he's not all that bright. he's created a good life for himself.
but i digress... on to the other 9 parts of the legal drama of evil corporate lawyers getting paid blood money to do the devil's work. sad!
jesus was jewish. you celebrate his circumcision (inclusion in hebrew faith) on new year'sday
i think the only proper way to celebrate jewish rituals is.............
jesus was born to a jewish mother. he grew up jewish, followed jewish law, including passover
mary wasn't jewish, so......... mary was from the immaculate conception.
that's my bff
i miss you so much
protip : we didn't need to create the word . we already had a word for what that is. it's called racism.
ah well put
the orioles find a way, though. they did it again by coming-from-behind tonight. they are on a good run right now.
good hitting/bad starting pitching. doubt they go far.
cause i live in the uk lol. in america black + lgbt people are still the main target. your police are crazy.
you have the highest violent crime rate in the modern world but yet our police are crazy?
jesus was born to a jewish mother. he grew up jewish, followed jewish law, including passover
i don't know what "grew up jewish" means, as it's not a fact.
i want to help you get your facts straight
cnn transcript: the kennedys were never great advocates of civil rights.
obama and the dnc sold the job of fcc chairman - the highest media authority - to the highest bidder.
wonder, how stupid &amp; uneducated guys are u,that following dumb-crazy trump???
make it romi!
when will you shoot with the very beautiful
debate me on dm or a group dm if you are sincere
lol i debated you here and you are clearly afraid to debate me on the radio. little muslim bitch.
jesus was born to a jewish mother. he grew up jewish, followed jewish law, including passover
i don't know what "followed jewish law" means.
black america, democrats destroyed our communities/families and the congressional black caucus said and did nothing.
unbelievable how u generalize our political process 2make excuses 2 support someone like trump!
i want to help you get your facts straight
"generally they regarded it as a problem for their campaign. they would have preferred not to discuss it at all"
i don't know what "followed jewish law" means.
obviously the jews felt jesus violated some "law", because that's why the jews killed jesus
i don't know what "followed jewish law" means.
jesus followed god's law.
yeah but buck finds a way. he knows how to manage.
sure does. he's great
i don't know what "followed jewish law" means.
jesus intended to destroy the jewish-law.
unprecedented that a presidential candidate should openly call for the murder of a rival.
not worth effort, similar to comparing 2008 run to robert kennedy 20 yrs prior.
mary (miriam in hebrew. mariam in aramaic) was a jewish woman from nazareth area in galilee
show me the bible verse that confirms your biblical claim.
but i digress... on to the other 9 parts of the legal drama of evil corporate lawyers getting paid blood money to do the devil's work. sad!
there are two aspects of these toxic industrial chemical stories that anger me: 1) the companies never pay any real penalties or apologize,
. is my moms son.
i love the relationship you guys have it's so sweet
mary (miriam in hebrew. mariam in aramaic) was a jewish woman from nazareth area in galilee
i don't know why u would call mary "a jew".
must be wine time if i'm tweeting mush.
awwww! i love you my princess lee.thankyou
it refers to people of judea, the israelites, who follow the religion of abraham aka judaism
these are just claims u are making. none of this is in the bible.
ha ha ha your full of shite and your not irish.
he is a lowlife liar for allah who fools no one. lol
it refers to people of judea, the israelites, who follow the religion of abraham aka judaism
the israelites did not follow jewry, as they were not jews.
i don't want to take off my makeup bc i look so beautiful:(
you always look beautiful
it refers to people of judea, the israelites, who follow the religion of abraham aka judaism
the israelites were not from judea.
ha ha ha your full of shite and your not irish.
lol "irish" getting no respect again.
i don't even think the orioles are that good, but buck has got his team believing somehow and someway.
they have a good lineup. alot of power hitters.
was sleepin
dreaming of you and chris chan fucking sonic
lovely, lovely work from both and . and the flashbacks! rip, sabrina!
bravo, michael better not be taking time off too grieve, i definitely will be done with gh
there are two aspects of these toxic industrial chemical stories that anger me: 1) the companies never pay any real penalties or apologize,
...("no official admission of wrongdoing", lest they lose potential civil suits after paying criminal penalties). 2) factories go to china.
the israelites were not from judea.
the israelites came from egypt.
sorry hillary, yours is the party that actually enslaved, burned &amp; lynched millions of blacks--that's real bigotry
are you talking about the party that existed before the 60's who then became republicans instead?
i didn't know you were doing business with conor 'okayfabe', i'm currently listening to the show
oh yeah is my bud
not a problem, just stating it so we're clear here!
*shakes the boar so much, his shorts wiggle off* &gt;:c
...("no official admission of wrongdoing", lest they lose potential civil suits after paying criminal penalties). 2) factories go to china.
and in mainland china, it seems like the rules are basically bribery and political corruption, and money. don't ask questions, or move away.
not that i get any lmfao but on the rare occasions that i do
pretty sure you get plenty lmao
our theories of money in politics need to be rethought.
if only $138m has been spent this is a disaster for media
i know she's in a better place, but i had hoped for a much different outcome.
. exactly, me too.
and in mainland china, it seems like the rules are basically bribery and political corruption, and money. don't ask questions, or move away.
21st-century china is basically the koch brothers' dream country. it's the ultimate expression of their corporatized no-regulation desires.
hillary birther america's memory is so bad, they forget the 2007-08 clinton camp actually started
that old racial test, which has only ever been applied to a black person, how peculiar
i want 2k17 but i don't even have a ps4, fml.
cash out on one
you should really try reading some factual info silly punk
i don't recall a republican segregationist during that time period, but i know that the segregationists were often dem
hmu if you need help w your infinite campus. ive been saving lives
omg me plss
u and your movement will be defeated just like the nazis were. hate won't win. it never has and never will
you are the nazis now. msm is goebbels incarnate.
i seriously thank god for park bo gum and his family...
his family-who helped bring him up in the way he should go..he is such a wonderful positive influence.
21st-century china is basically the koch brothers' dream country. it's the ultimate expression of their corporatized no-regulation desires.
there's only one political party to sway, which makes things economical, and the media can be suppressed by the people's censors if needed.
young thug and coke virgins
young thug
&amp; should know this is unadulterated
lmfao thats too too much booty for them
5) in the inmortal words of you. "what do you have to lose ?"
lauer cnn msnbc fallon ect. have failed america with their softball footsie interviews of trump.
there's only one political party to sway, which makes things economical, and the media can be suppressed by the people's censors if needed.
and such wonderful pollution!
how much are they
$300 i think maybe less for used
because he told 2 lies, didn't 'apologize.
are you calling james asher a liar?
the israelites did not follow jewry, as they were not jews.
israelites no longer existed at the time when jews first appear during the neo-babylonian empire
nyc man gets 9-year prison sentence for assaulting a gay couple at a restaurant:
this man is also gay himself, and was attacked first by the gay white couple first. the root needs to do better research.
wish that when i saw an instruction like "don't consume raw cookie dough" my brain wasn't all "fuck you i won't do what you tell me."
all i could think about after reading this was rage against the machine
can someone tell me how is nikita now
i know just want to know she is a imp part of us all fans who love edkv
are you serious?!
ugh yeah i enjoyed the problem solving
....go fuck yourself
follow him to hell.
these are just claims u are making. none of this is in the bible.
you keep claiming that one thing "means this or that", but u provide no sources for your claim.
the things i would do to have a fireplace and a steady home.
you're tellin me. it actually gets cold where i live
remember when atherton, the richest bay area suburb, tried to sabotage caltrain electrification through lawsuits?
evidence of the consequences of lawsuits? if we had electrified caltrain now, ridership today could be higher
but the drunk guy got arrested at el rey's lol
fucking el rey's. lol that's the best cantinas in town though
same day as doc comes out, gov warplanes strike their headquarters, now inoperable
heartbreaking news. and, the libertarian candidate 4 president didn't know .
what color
wait hol up are you actually considering it lol
abraham didn't castrate his sons, he circumcised them as all males in jewish law thereafter.
if abraham cut his kid's cock off, then that is castration, i.e. ritual genital mutilation.
abraham didn't castrate his sons, he circumcised them as all males in jewish law thereafter.
then all jewish males are going to hell if what u say is true.
abraham didn't castrate his sons, he circumcised them as all males in jewish law thereafter.
jesus came to destroy this sick perverted "jewish-law".
warriors spends evening with giants
and leaves after an hour.
it refers to people of judea, the israelites, who follow the religion of abraham aka judaism
christians are also from judea, so your tweet is incorrect.
"it's like someone dropped ice water on the head of america." dispatch from a dem "bedwetting" season like no other.
stop blaming hillary for perceptions that you guys created.
abraham didn't castrate his sons, he circumcised them as all males in jewish law thereafter.
"abraham didn't castrate his sons, he circumcised them"&lt;--that's the def. of a child abuser.
low key might just leave it like this forever lol
right it's something different lol
im not sure why i can't stop watching this
i swear this sounds like that bubblegum thing you used to talk
initiative needed to force change on cpuc very direct editorial by
cable, telco lobby hack (w/gattos help) more meat out of california telcoms reform
depending on how his fight goes tomorrow, i think is a great option. close it out in brooklyn.
they're like family.
different kind of white breh
shit i mixed them up again
anyone wanna do a raid? ??
you free tomorrow?
man gets 9 years for assault on gay couple at dallas bbq
towering terror??? your racism is absolutely disgusting, and the facts of your story are bullshit.
dear hispanic community,hillary clinton,democrats and their liberal agenda will destroy your families,look what they did to the black family
are you serious writing this bs. once again generalizing &amp; distorting facts.
middle school basketball coaches must focus on the "program" more than their record. focus on big picture.
the big picture can change. new coach, new approach. teach fundamentals and basics. that's what jr hi kids need.
what people don't understand is that it takes time for these things to work out, and in the past it's taken centuries
jews obviously haven't worked anything out since biblical times. see: hitler's final solution.
too bad we can't put in a delorean to 2002 . her journalism could have saved us
hmmm. i wouldn't go that far... :-)
"let me tell you the ten commandments about being a raver"
that song will always give me goosebumps, not matter how many times i listen to it
jews obviously haven't worked anything out since biblical times. see: hitler's final solution.
jews still making hella enemies.
lol i feel like i spend so much on eyelashes already it's already a necessity for me lol
then you should!!!
unscientific poll of american cities: clinton's line about trump's real message being "make american hate again" is rarely a crowdpleaser.
unscientific is your middle name
hmmm. i wouldn't go that far... :-)
haha ok a little over the top, but we had a functioning chron &amp; merc that dropped the ball/placated advertisers?
and centuries and centuries thousands of years and we've come so far and just 200
jews haven't come very far. they haven't apologized for killing jesus.
evidence of the consequences of lawsuits? if we had electrified caltrain now, ridership today could be higher
yep (and if complemented by more of a jobs-housing balance in peninsula)
icymi: american special operations forces have a new mission in syria | by
wtf? why does the turkish forces need to be advised ? lol. bcoz us wanna be in on the action
1 hour late and no way to contact a human. /cc
once again postmates failed me.
thank you!!! i sincerely hope i see you soon it's been quite a while
it's been a while! one of my favorite memories are with you and lauren! you guys are part of my life!
you both do the tongue thing behind your teeth when you smile! cute.
hadn't noticed! must be love so
what is a containerd?
it's a service that underpins docker, which is a deeply awesome tool for isolating and shipping applications.
let's all go break into the it's it factory and get a few cases! www
what is it's it factory?
grinding still while in sicily! need the fans to check in. who should i look to fight to close out 2016 &amp; my career?
definitely unify that eu title you won with the ebu next
my mom told me we should get my dad to drive us around so we could go bar hopping.
when we doing this haha
iphone 7 cases are all back ordered and honestly i'm too in love with my old case soooo i improvised
is it from caseyard
it's a service that underpins docker, which is a deeply awesome tool for isolating and shipping applications.
but like why do so many people in wisconsin need used shipping containers is what i want to know.
i like the look of a fireplace not the warmth
i like the look of your face
has anyone seen hillary's america? thinking about ordering it!
did u see what dinesh tried 2 depict during 2012, the candidate you said you voted 4 twice. propaganda!
so far i only know that it's in buffalo
i'll pass up there. most likely ub
but why is spamming my tweets from two years ago at 12:40 at night?
lol sorry i just didn't see them before and wanted to send u some love
man there isnt even anymore wtf imma have to read now
/etc/apache2/apache2.conf for now. the next version will be in /etc/apache/apachmcapatche.face
israelis face violence every day. follow us to stay informed and let our brothers and sisters know that they're not alone.
one way to move forward would be to stop burning olive groves and building illegal settlements...
yeah! my best friend bought it for me as a gift so it's special to me
i have a lion one and i love itttt even though it's all dirty it's too cool to throw it away
"then one day you find, ten years have got behind you. no one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun."
"home,home again, i like to be here when i can.when i come home,cold &amp; tired,it's good to warm my bones,beside the fire" time-less
local grocer abdul says: "taxing people is not the solution." read the story at:
abdul doesn't know this is a soda tax, not a grocery tax.
child abuse should be reported to the un ..!!!!!!!
the un is more concerned with disarming potential victims.
twitter, why do your natively-uploaded videos no longer have sound?
try tapping to enable sound
sex-change soldier born a boy is first woman to serve with scots guard on the front line
he is still a man, really so let's stop with this political correctness
actually, christianity is pro-birth control and pro-drug use. give all young women drugs (molly) and bc pills
opposition to abortion is correct tho.
my family and this weak ass curfew &lt;
just stay out late till they leave you alone
i'm in nyc now! coming to you at output now
jk couldn't make it to you boo. let me know when your back in nyc, i live here now. miss yew!
is your head okay lilly
my back hurts like a b, i think ima go get a massage tomorrow with steamed rocks
that picture is incorrect, if you wish me to explain it dm me tomorrow, i'm going to bed
how is a picture "incorrect"? you are being nonsensical. it is what it is.
it's pretty shite. that's our review.
thanks ashens
as someone who got her working knowledge off python, hey you gotta start somewhere ^^
oh i'm not saying python isn't great, i use it on regular occasion. this is just in re: an ad that seemed to imply...
people are justifiably infuriated with how jimmy fallon handled trump!
argument best taken to journalists that treat with kid gloves than a comedian.
expect more federal preemption of local wireless site reviews
when small cell siting rules go awry...
evolution does not say we evolved from monkeys, but monkeys and humans evolved from a creature alive millions of years ago
incorrect. evolution states that monkeys evolved into humans. this is what colleges teach
samez:/, both of y'all don't even live here
it's okay, we'll see you at the hs reunion
they added those wire stops to garages in santa cruz after someone plowed through the brick wall on an upper floor.
we learn from failure.
its been a really rough stressful week and school hasnt even started yet. having social, mental, and anxiety issues. i rly miss my family
hang in there buddy!
evolution does not say we evolved from monkeys, but monkeys and humans evolved from a creature alive millions of years ago
monkeys predates humans by 30 million years. it took 30 million years for monkeys to evolve into humans.
smh bill...you let her obfuscate, evade, ramble! you let her turn attention to hrc instead of ur question.
right?! after that first ramble, he could've just repeated the question and drop the mic
oh i'm not saying python isn't great, i use it on regular occasion. this is just in re: an ad that seemed to imply...
... that taking a python/js/ruby tutorial would land you a silicon valley engineering job at $100k a year
web &amp; design agency = only you?
nah my friend also helped out
i just want to lay eggs and take care of my ducklings
fucking thought you were with a new picture...
lmao! i don't have to have millions of followers to be relevant
its true, here's a link to the federal court document
oh fuck that sounds painful
it hurts when i laugh lizette stop
the point of the question and pic was did we evolve from apes are are they a separate line.. but you missed that
according to evolution, all humans evolved from monkeys.
this is slapping for killing me.
are you guys also trying to finish up your moment of triumph? i'm almost there, just a couple days left
all the way up
das right
surprised there's a balance patch. the games pretty balanced right now isn't it?
patch: deleted jack-o, adjusted fishing rates for songs to be more common
the point of the question and pic was did we evolve from apes are are they a separate line.. but you missed that
apes evolved into humans, so apes aren't really a "separate line" per se.
we share a common ancestor, yes, but apes of today are too evolved.
a fish is a common ancestor.
"where are you going?" away. "are you coming back?" i can't answer that. "but you know i..." *silence*
"things are different now." what do you mean? "it's not for me to tell you."
"home,home again, i like to be here when i can.when i come home,cold &amp; tired,it's good to warm my bones,beside the fire" time-less
"far away,across the field,the tolling of the iron bell calls the faithful to their knees, to hear the softly spoken magic spell"
so ur modern scholar is more knowledgeable than ibn kathir's "the battles of th prophet"? ur ignorance is really showing
lol! he said he "rejects" the kathir tafsir. rofl! like he has a say!
i'm obsessed w this
this is legit i swear
u the type to get your boo snatched
you can get your boo back
but the picture which was widely accepted 10 years ago has been proven wrong.. because it was a guess right?
i don't believe a picture can be "proven wrong". a picture is a picture.
this is just more incentive to make my own clothes
i'm almost there but there are so many people making dope shit rn. i think it'd be awesome to make specific things for friends.
you're lucky bra im down in the kilobytes lmao
oh noooo tt_tt the very second i start a dl the speed goes to absolute shit tho like it's amazing.
why do i wait until the last minute to pack all my stuff
when do u leave
it's been a whole year and this has gone no where but on the floor instead of the couch
well get off ur mfn ass ya jerk!
hard to. pick between them )))
good morning!
i walked into my dorm and they are having a movie night in the living room area
that was the most awkward entrance ever
next one.. so is this one correct or has it changed?nortice im keepign it simple for you
is a picture "correct"? it is what it is. you failed to list any species names.
we could definitely imagine that, tess. have you contacted the campsite already if it had been found?
yeah i tied everything, but they didn't find it. i'm going to have to get new one since i loved it so much!
clarification: lyra &amp; lance skins are not limited edition. they're a tiered skin, but won't receive more tiers in thus specific sets.
so it walks like a duck, it quacks like a duck, and it looks like a duck... but it's not a duck. got it
lamar odom was at the club today... he don't learn
let ma mans lamar live thooooooo
i just did an interview for abroad for a hotel last week in cebu so im waiting for a call
for what hotel? it'd be amazing if you'll be in ny
next one.. so is this one correct or has it changed?nortice im keepign it simple for you
are we supposed to guess which species of apes those are?
they didn't let us in /: we're by the gates ):
i'm out front!
happy birthday my loves, enjoy your day! much love
love you so much baby girl
misty moon to guide us home after friday night filming. s3 almost finished w/block 1
that's fantastic matt, captures so much more than my iphone ever could, lol
congratulations to my bf on her thing with cbs. i'm really proud of her &amp; i can't wait to hear what it is!
thank you
pls stick thru school and show me the right path on not dropping out my senior yr
you better do good bitch i'll kill you!
next one.. so is this one correct or has it changed?nortice im keepign it simple for you
those apes may or may not be humans' ancestors. it depends on their species.
so he wants to watch 19 other dudes ram you? idgi
are you sure that's funny? just wanna make sure you think its funny as i screenshot it.
say less bro and cop naruto when you do lmfao that shit crazy lit
facts i heard!
meet ashley. hosting on has helped her afford rent in san francisco.
ashley is underpinning high rent with marginal increase demand, inevitability causing future price increases econ101
u drunk as shit
hell na, have you tried the fried pickles at bww?
apparently somewhere in the two days of computer disasters, file vault got turned off. i put 75% odds on turning it on breaking everything.
on a good number brand new computers, i have a greater than 50% incidence of turning on file vault leaving me with a brick.
chase him home without identifying themselves. demand identification, then call the wallet a gun. 'ny's finest' my ass
modus operandi of , also see
but god hates desire. he loathes us looking at pretty girls, thinking about them. "thou shalt not covet".
you don't know what 'coveting' is then.
desire comes from evolution, the need to procreate with good genetic examples of the species.
that's why condoms go against nature.
thanks for visiting my stream. lmk how else i can help, as i clearly love this game.
*evilfistbump*
well it shows he uses that same thing to mock everyone so perhaps not mocking his disability.
his words were literally "you gotta see this guy" before mocking him. doesn't matter how he mocked !
pickles r gross asf mam
not fried pickles
so are we really cute if we are only cute in selfies
bo.... we never cute. only other cutie lol
after 45 minutes i'm starting to enjoy the alarm sound.
"personal diary, day 3: i am now the alarm, and the alarm is me. we wail together, forever. i am at peace."
well, beautiful and powerful, yeah...but have you ever _met_ a polar bear?
where and when have you met a polar bear? sounds like a story there, doing research?
it's yet another scam! haven't heard a word of this on any news outlet! don't you think media would be blasting it?? i do!
no they've been giving trump a pass. they coddle him like a baby.
black or white? - black!!!
long &amp; thin or short &amp; thick? long &amp; thick, &amp; black.
i favorited it. where's my fucking tbh
tbh philbert is my fucking fam.
a very drunk bill murray just gave me a shot of tequila so that happened
you might wanna rephrase that...
so you think us vets are easy? i didn't give 25 yrs because it was easy &amp; our men/women who gave their life -easy?
i am saying it would be easy to gather a group of vets for an event, pretty much any event as there are many vets out there.
protesters of this stripe have had the same signs for 15 years or more. i remember this one from college in 2001.
sports nuts?
i am running the 5k and raising money for this charity. let's try to reach $1000! thanks!
done !! good luck chris !!
thanks babe... took a pill already...
u'll be fine .
comey said anyone not an expert in classification cld reasonably conclude those markings did not mean "classified"
speak for yourself but we also need to know about trump's taxes which can reveal so much more!
i barely woke up
why you tweaking dawg
once you get over the fuck boy, they can sense it, then they hit you back up to reel you back in
but i thought you still loved me
you don't know what 'coveting' is then.
go watch 'silence of the lambs' to understand 'coveting'.
but to think it's something new and rare is disingenuous. it's comics. people send hate mail if green lantern wears a hat.
it wasn't just a hat, it was a fedora, gail. it had to be stopped jail hat
my alma mater! glad you visited!
we talked about you! you're a living legend there, man.
will do. would have loved to do as well, but couldn't find the time (both work and family)
you can get it online... perfect streaming thanks to norwegian startups :-)
and you know this how? get real.
basic research. his wife bought a portrait of himself for $20k of his foundations money
*the office comes on* friend 1: please no not this again friend 2: quick turn it off me:
holy shit you're lit af hahaha
last year's line up
oh shit, if the lineup is good enough this year we might.
i want to remind everyone this exists
this is russian music video is the most japanese i've ever seen/heard.
it is so sad to me what an asshole this man proves himself to be each and every day. i am so sad for our country. how embarrassing.
you mean how scary!!!
i found marc finally. he was at his computer paying for webcam girls. so i woke up. hoping dream-marcomi are working through their issues
what the hell did u eat
y'all both ugly af
fight me with fists
anti-trump retard thinks trump said all mexicans are murderers and rapists
trump was standing in front of mirror &amp; was talking to should know, he is crazy.
researchers find oldest dyed indigo-blue fabric; discovery suggests jeans may have origins in ancient peru
great, enlightening exhibit at american folk art museum in new york city back in 2004, "blue."
omg having the room to myself was the best
it is the best! some peace and alone time!!
think we could get 20,000 people outside of hofstra university on september 29th holding signs?
great idea!
well u wrote this before u found out shes nuts
the hardest part of the business is minding your own.
going by myself to the fair bc no one wants to go with me :(
at least you can go, been wanting to go to the fair for so long
ear plugs i'm sorry we're so loud :(
it's ok it's just also kinda hard because i'm not that tired
i have a cursed image of rob schneider on my phone now &amp; its all 's fault! i got sucked into the schneidersphere!
i don't know what we did all she has to do is tell us what we did so she can make it stop
it's time to fight like a mother fucker for in florida, iowa, north carolina and ohio - - we can win these states!
the key is voter registration. in most of those states more unregistered eligible voters than what candidates win by.
so much bullshit, for 50yrs the gop has been saying the democrats are gonna take your guns,hasn't happened,will never happen
and gun reform isn't taking guns away from responsible gun owners!
attn 4 ppl who follow me: trying to meet cuties 2night, wish me luck
no dice. talked to lots of cuties but the vibe wasn't there. rip friday
why do papers say 'experimented with drugs', which sounds quasi-scientific, but never 'experimented with lager and bacardi-breezers'?
because we all know what will happen there are ads on tv
this actually works lmao it's just dangerous
lmao see menor!! it'll hurt you at first but it works!!
understood that yourself and from is attending. anyone else?
yup think we have 7-8 ppl from neptune this year :-)
finally the app is out in playstore
. just letting you all know that this is not the official app...
the particle effect on the bomb explosion looks really sick
yeah it does. my favorite part is the night sky in hyrule field. it looks like tons of really bright stars
cracking me up
omg the baby bull was my favorite growing up. today, more so. i am sooooo jealous!
when you see a snap chat of in fresno at aldo's having one of your favorite servers take shots
is she really?! how sad lol i love her
what would we do without lefty inspired gov telling us what to do? i would never find toilet paper again
tell me about it. lefty govt just cited me with a ticket for pot. no voter initiatives here, or it would be legal.
one of the best again :-)
! difficult to capture essence of characters, especially one with limited ref/role..
. coming from the 6 it feels like a huge improvement. but most of that was stuff from 6s - touch id 2, taptic, 3d touch.
. so if you've got a 6 it's absolutely worth it and noticeable. if you're on a 6s? idk. probably a lot less of a big deal.
soviet pin-up style - 45 fun and flirty images from the merging of soviet social posters with american pin-up art.
not enough vladrushka ;)
i walk a lonely road the only one that i have ever known
don't know where it goes... but it's only me.
walking around with bae was much needed
fuck it up pachecs
that's a young y'all are sick!
the victim also claims he liked her because she looked like his daughter &amp; similar age
crazy! noway! vic would be first!
works for me james or natalie
trump takes narcissistic pride in being a deviant clown. it's a trait he shares with batman's sociopath villains.
hiss stage collapsed from the sheer weight of his shit. not soon enough, but no less perfect
it's a nice headset but isn't the cushion a little bit too thin? it hurts my ears after using it for a long time.
i've been okay with it for long periods of time, but the cushions can be upgraded with some aftermarket ones too
i feel you the same thing would happen to me so now i just don't download games anymore i never play online anymore either lmao
me either &gt;_&lt; it sucks! i had to wipe my computer a couple years ago so most of my games on steam aren't on my comp anymore~
your pardon, madam president, but until he apologizes for it, he can't be forgiven.
and even then.
lmfao sc raccoons are savage asf
exactly... i knew that if i took one more step they'd come and bite my ass
fix this tweet lol and i'll rt
there ya go!
can you forward the mail again as i haven't got it.
can you please confirm your email once
at least someone has respect for me
oh i love these angels. such a cute young days cast!!!
things to not do sober: playland:
that's the worst
i wasn't ready
that ass was ready tho
trump takes narcissistic pride in being a deviant clown. it's a trait he shares with batman's sociopath villains.
his stage collapsed from the sheer weight of his shit. not soon enough, but no less perfect.
who's jacking this ?
bro you gotta slide thru everyone jackin it tbh
every time i see cisco he has the hookah in his hand
joseph and cisco*
i'm up cause i'm ready to move lol i love the new house
new krib no invite? ok fake butt. that's why i got a new # and you don't have it yet
what's the best place in la to eat rn?
sotto on pico. off top
i didn't know either.
so it's a racist way for nazis to talk about jews?
reagan stop the sale of assualt rifles but you right wingers never think about thst
was my statement misunderstood!
@ them lolol
i wish i could @ everyone
happy america day from the trash pack
cabin tomorrow is about to be this level
super mario adventures is set for october 11 release!
is this the comic that appeared in nintendo power?
new things are happening in our chattanooga plant. what 2017 vw model are you most excited about?
the one without a fraudulent emissions system
twitter won't let me say this.
use more than twitter to save us from this racist, misogynist, xenophobic narcissist. you have a platform.
was just on a boat for like 4 hours
and for the record fell overboard
mike olmos and i will be in del mar, ca today playing kaboo! fest with dumpstaphunk 3pm ish. last night in vegas was super fonk.
had i known earlier, i woulda suggestedt people i know there go to hear you.
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
bullshit, child-man. you're only diverting away from newsweek's disastrous expos of your world wide web of obligations!
- hmm.. given i like audio jacks.. perhaps i should go from my 5s to a 6+ then..
loooool yeah if you're on a 5s and you want to keep your 1/8 i'd say the 6s(+) or iphone se will suit you just fine.
lmfaooo at night beach you was like here sis have some ciroc and i was already blasted
lmao blessin everyone w/ the liqs is my vibe
congrats to the super sweet, ultra-talented
aww but no mention of dark matter? for shame! (lol gl ml!!!)
on my way to club dream for my
happy birthday beautiful
i'm sure my wife would be happy me making a $40 hoodie instead of buy a $2000 one
a $2k hoodie is dumb tho. i say this as i'm trying to source watch bands that look like this.
the sale of assualt rifles must be stopped, terrorists love this country because it's the easiest get guns
so we agree then since you are already preaching to the choir!
idea for a zelda game traditional zelda story arc but it's a time loop.
song of storms the entire plot
finally checking the giants 2017 schedule, and damned if that doesn't sound like a good birthday weekend.
lol first thing i did was check who were playing on my birthday and turns out it's an off day next year
"i think the main reason my [relationships] failed is that i always loved too well but never wisely."
take it eaaaasy p
worth an upgrade from original to series 2?
yes.* i got the original and used it heavily for 2 years. gps will be nice. resistance is nice. speed is critical. * 5hrs in
lol first thing i did was check who were playing on my birthday and turns out it's an off day next year
where are they on either side? the off day is the day you go brewery hopping.
sf acting police chief toney chaplin tells abc7news he prefers state ag's office taking over officer shooting probes
why, she's dirty just like them
donald trump: "president barack obama was born in the united states. period"
you just can't make this shit up. what a disgrace trump is to america~ unbelievable!
about to try some bay area kush brb
i regret this decision
graduated and it feels so good. ready for the next chapter &amp; ready for the 8clap!
seems like doin grrrrrrrate! twtr allows be to discover awsum people.....like !!!
the faces of deception: kasich visits obama at white house for tpp push meeting
only liar missing is hrc!
i'm shooting for the stars, new orleans just isn't big enough anymore
you ready for nyc or what?
no, it's you trying to ridicule the policy just like every other leftist that made the same "joke" before you.
please tell me more about ridicule, anonymous child who shares memes all day on the internet.
stupid slut, my tits are bigger then yours. peace out bitch
lmfaooooooo
think about accepting jesus christ into your heart and mind
could you guys or jesus go to work for me?
need some for 8s
how many you got?
in case you never looked, has 11m twitter followers - has 8m.
and we are all deplorable- right meg???
hillary birther america's memory is so bad, they forget the 2007-08 clinton camp actually started
that's because they didn't. alt-right did &amp; spread it via emails.
delusional into trying to turn trump's years of birther pushing around on hillary's day-long opportunism.
hillary's camp brought up doubts about obama and trump wanted those doubts to cease.
montgomery: "in years to come it will be a great thing for a man to be able to say: i fought at arnhem" began today.
good ol' sten.
what happened in the prime someone send me the oddshot
5-5 he choked active lol
legend for september. midrange shaman is insane. if you aren't playing this deck them what are you even doing
my final boss was a hunter whose turns 6-9 were highmane, highmane, cotw, cotw and it still wasn't enough to stop me
i love some of you so much, and genuinely care about you all. i am here for you. even if i can't say "always," i can say "whenever i can."
wait... does this mean you hate some of us so much too?!! d: jk also i just found out what this was all about today, congrats.
i read them &amp; its sounds sketchy! my mom worked with him years ago &amp; said he was nothing other than professional! so...
i find that hard to believe. i know plenty who have spent large amounts of time with him. he's even worse than he appears
you're a californian artist nhi as;fjakl;sdf
i know. did u think its not wild watching this convo escalate.
cooking something or building something?
both. i have 22 events today alone.
you're a californian artist nhi as;fjakl;sdf
my night has been me crying about reikoga while reading abt vaginas on social media. what would u call this if not wild
i wanna eat something but idk what *sobbu*
i know. lol
i think i got the hippogryph with hydraulics
cruisin down the street in my hippogryph, healing the raid, dpsin the boss lol
i'm always eating
i seen you like 12 times yesterday in soho
omg where can i get her spayed for the low?!
the spca does it for free i think the first wednesday's of the month.
"this is not the time for a protest vote!" - best endorsement of 3rd party candidates yet!
what are you talking about that was literally the opposite of what he meant?
all of my friends are here @ yaoi con but i'm in the room watching utapri..what is this world i live in go out ariel
also what better con to watch utapri at than precisely yaoicon :d tim would show me ll lives all night long at other cons lol
forget coming in like a wrecking ball. come in like a speculum
stop omg im crying harder
i only found out that just the thought of him leaving the band is ridiculous. he's not going anywhere.
i still dont know but.. that's what rumor was or something?.that would have been devastating tho..rumor?
they really love steroids
it makes them live longer
where are they on either side? the off day is the day you go brewery hopping.
lol uhh looks like it's in the middle of a twins/royals road trip sandwich. so really not great all around.
i find that hard to believe. i know plenty who have spent large amounts of time with him. he's even worse than he appears
you can't believe what you want. you said i was lying &amp; i've proved this is true.
so grateful for you .. happy birthday.. love you brother
happy birthday too miss boss of nyc
well my mom worked for ibm &amp; had dealings with trump &amp; said he was very polite &amp; professional. i've never met him so idk
i've known many that worked directly with him. ever wonder why none of his former employees vouch for him? none at the rnc.
i am going to punt you into the sun is2g why do you call it speculum-kun nasty
im tryng to sleep but im laughing from these convos and crying bc im emo abt my ships. i hate this
i'm already at work so i'll have to say no
i got home probably when you got in. gonna be a fantastic day
bags are packed for the 4th road trip in 6 weeks yeeee
paulie &amp; omar are waiting for u in weed for pro practice bmb
i'm so anxious idk what to do with myself!
i cant waitttttt
can i use your bed tomorrow?..... lmao jk
girlllllll my bed is for sleeping only
i'm so proud of you! doing big things we have to for sure when you come back
thank you! yes for sure
: good lord, that's so many!
too many, i have a problem.
i like when guys message me shit like "thanks for replying" bcuz i ignored them only for me to ignore that message also
i ignore the message you sent about me ignoring you. it's like message ignoring inception
ramby has to be cummin in clutch every night.
her kitty looking nice
awesome bars, awesome breweries, really chill people (caught no shit for my sf hat), and dat bbq.
hard to argue with that
super strange realization- none of the kids will actually get teen titans go's oregon trail episode
that's fine though, for me as a kid cartoon references were how i learned about all kinds of cultural references
welp, guess i'll just watch the notebook
i feel like that's a bad idea. i've never seen it and never will.
no problem deanna. was great seeing you guys again. sorry i missed this earlier. already ordered new lenses so dispose at will
sounds good! hope you had a good trip!
i was taking my time, or else i wouldn't do half the stuff i did
being a hoe don't cost money
he did have some there speaking on his behalf. i remember one in particular she ran his marketing department.
i find it odd more are willing to speak out against him than for him. he's rich &amp; can't even buy their support.
pretty stoked i made my wife 's "real friends" tweet-deck column.
ooo i like that idea! i might do this
oh yes you will! first thing we are doing when i get there!
no! i think it'll give me ptsd. it's the last thing a person with my addiction needs!
out in the ga trying to 23yo dude bros again?
you found him!
how long has it been since there has been a true "extreme left" in the u.s., and not just moderates vs fox news?
i'd say that jill stein supporters are members of the "extreme left," as you say
my new stardew valley chara looks like an alien i love her
her name is calypso !!!
it's okay i'll hold you. you'll be safe with me
you're the only one... with that jawline and all.
kinda bummed that the hbp site got shredded and is a shell now. congrats on another 81
me too. thanks! trying to get 90 this year.
better come out to some wall football games. this team is the real deal
we're working hard to find a wall sponsor. when that happens, we'll be there all the time!
clinton was right: trump has lifted up bigotry
yes: sure, trump is looser.
most peoples' glory days are done after high school.
not for you tho
but security at the hotel can.. lol. jk.
u right u right
he is..he's the best dt in the game...mack has 19 sacks; donald 20, and from the dt position
may be the best dt, but you can't say he's better than someone who has all-pro at 2 different positions
i just need your fingers through my hair
lol (legit dying of lols). you truly are lovely.
them again on a diff computer or something!
i only re-dl'd was skyrim x"d and i've since got a lil smol plant game but i can't really play anyway, my screen is fucked lol
honestly i think they are mad because he beat them. look if i had my choice marco rubio is who i wanted i have 0 trust in hrc
i'm sorry you feel that way but that doesn't mean you have to defend/support an alleged child rapist with history of assault
yeah people think he's leaving aa for down and dirty.
nah..i heard down &amp; dirty r coming back but not with him.. don't know who singer is tho
back shooting . what's your favorite part of the show? what would make it better?
you are my favorite part of the show + , more cowbell - that would make it better
i only re-dl'd was skyrim x"d and i've since got a lil smol plant game but i can't really play anyway, my screen is fucked lol
so i must wait! lol
this lady said to me "there's nothing better than a hot cup of coffee and a cigarette in the morning"
my inspiration
almost there!
from daygo to stanford, we on!
i don't trust hillary or anyone that's endorsing her so excuse me if i don't believe that woman!
so you don't believe anyone that actually knows trump because no one that knows him well is supporting him.
i'm dying because i'm just so right now and that never happens. what are you doing to me?
i just laughed so hard i think i woke up my airbnb guests. glad they paid in full already. *growls*
your site seems to be down. will it return? the tools it had would be useful to have at least somewhere.
i've got an archive, somewhere, is there something in particular your looking for?
muuuaaaah sister we're voting for thebest colaboracion favorita
voting for our king artista masculino pop/rock
i don't know that's what he is. there's no proof! but with hrc plenty of proof of all she has done.
how is there no proof on trump but there's proof on hillary? she's been through numerous accusations &amp; never found to be guilty.
wait for it..
wtffff....i need to be whatever he's on for wod haha
i don't know that's what he is. there's no proof! but with hrc plenty of proof of all she has done.
the more that is uncovered the more there's proof there's been witchhunts against her, even colon powell's emails said.
the best villains are the ones close to the heart. congrats on a great season
now i have to wait 4-7 months on this cliffhanger.. ugh
one of my favorite things about owen is that a very long time ago he decided never gonna give you up by rick astley was his favorite song -
&amp; he will stop whatever he's doing wherever he is &amp; dance his fucking ass off till it's over no matter what anyone says
who would ever want this lmaoooooooo
her nails are scary
how is there no proof on trump but there's proof on hillary? she's been through numerous accusations &amp; never found to be guilty.
even the gop admitted benghazi was an attempt to pin something on her.
thanks for vote with me we're voting for colaboracion favorita
voting for our king artista masculino pop/rock
did we build 42% of the country's new houses too?
43% of all the new houses? oh, no. 42% of all the housing *appreciation* though :)
one of my favorite moments of coach was watching one of my faves with another one of my faves. ilysm ading hbd
you sound like a sorority girl
is definitly hazardus 2 americans health
don't worry.no body like the cheater &amp; liar trump.no body vote for him.everyone know he is mad
is the speed much better? as since i've used watchos 3 i thought the speed was pretty good, or does the new processor make better
the processor is definitely noticeable. i don't think it enables any new features, but it removes my only real complaint. slowness
lol they be lying in they bio
they prob like 15%. asian and run wit it lol
son accompany me too in i am voting for thebest cancion favorita
voting for our king artista masculino pop/rock
lol yea time to go to bed:/
to bad i can't sleep
yeahhh thebest we continue voting for our king sencillo del ao
voting for our king artista masculino pop/rock
right: undertale did one possible take on that already and we aren't sure how much more there is to say :)
i think homestuck shows there's a lot of room for creativity here
my first night club experience in downtown san diego was amazing
ughhhh jealous but happy for you!
"aleppo is a daily reminder of the world's inhumanity."
hillaryclinton please take 40 mins to watch "the white helmets". you'll be forever changed. i know i wasl
niggas wanna play the game like that then i'll play the game like that
what happened nightberd
cheers, "goodnight"
is this her lmao
i keep waking up in a panic thinking about president trump. i guess it's a nice break from waking up thinking about death, though
it's the same. le sigh
the lesson is that when you listen, you will hear music everywhere. - rumi
thanks dear friend for following me
i can't believe the powers-that-be are going to let this unqualified mentally disturbed trump run for potus has our country reached new low?
i agree with you valerie. i keep losing a lot of sleep over this. i am working hard to make sure he doesn't get elected.
she keeps on callin me zaddy
no she don't
boo he got beat by 19 mins so he is at nicole or pauls mercy and right now looks like they are solid to f2 maybe one i bluffing
yeah nothing anyone can do at least james tried
the key to immortality is to date a poet.
you couldn't be more / right. your cuteness will now be / the stuff of legends.
i prefer furry conventions
you sure? look how lit it was
ubahn fest 2-day pass - riverfront transit center oct 21, 2016
bday party 1
you're the reason i cloned it bro. have to compete with family
not "cloned" not sure what i was tryouts to say
dave barry on describes the choice for voters in 2016 as "ointment or suppository?"
i'll take the ointment please. the other not my favorite. exit only.
. . join us tomorrow. my birthday!!
wow. a whole festival just to honor you on your birthday. if it is not that, then it sure should be. again happy birthday.
the way to lampshade it is to have a character realize they're behind your ui and step aside
i love it
it was great seeing you today!
it really was! next time we have to actually spend sum time together tho. today was totally unexpected
i'm pretty positive, but whatever you think is what you think
i do know what i think
i have an open pad tomorrow what to do
i'm coming over when i get out of work lmao
my parents wanted me home at that instant and they knew i didn't have a key so when i showed up they were asleep?! wtf i'm locked out
jk my sister saved me it's all good
i saw your pics, not jealous at all nice!! so glad football is back! gonna be 15 hours in thailand watching games, madness!
i want to visit thailand .... i think that'll be in my traveling plans soon
thanks everyone for following me!
thank you for being the kind of young man that you are.
here we go again. 16a322 -&gt; 16a323 (gm 4?) (if you don't you'll likely not be able to update to 10.12.1 once out.)
i had a change in one of those post gm-seed builds once. quite unpleasant.
that apple juice beer
straight hating
yay dude looks cute
thanks boo
i'd use carrier pigeons, mimeograph and wax seals/couriers. the old days...
mimeograph because of the contact high you get when it's fresh off the press?
yes. someone knows the facts. finally.
ok,document it. you can't; rwnj andy martin is the birther founder.
like the second quest, but explicitly part of the text rather than an aside
if you like the "iterative time loop of tragedy until protags create a good ending" thing, as i do, it's amazing.
big challenge for &amp; ed.: what happens when topics like chiropractic are 99% promotion?
i try to signal boost the skeptics like &amp; because they're seeking the truth, not magical hopes &amp; fantasies.
shut yo dumb ass up before i run your shit as fraud next time lil bitch
okay but you still asked me for nudes you creep
what would chris &amp; russell do together as like friendship bonding activities im just asking 4 a syn
imagine russel bringing his game console to chris' house so they can play together bc there's no way russ is inviting chris over
good morning!
nope. good night.
ok,document it. you can't; rwnj andy martin is the birther founder.
remember tea party fave ? andy martin bff,birther queen,dentist &amp; v.bad lawyer?
that was ty lmao we don't even look alike
ty look like a dog that just got hit by a vehicle
i try to signal boost the skeptics like &amp; because they're seeking the truth, not magical hopes &amp; fantasies.
the problem is if you tell someone to "just google" any wacky theory, or search facebook or twitter on it, you get a lot of advocacy for it.
i'm making a mobile puzzle game about this
hey i looked at your twitter and i downloaded the game in your pinned tweet; i love it! bedtime for me now; goodnite
what a great kickoff to 2016! more scares to come...
that outfit slays my life
in n out! lol
lol how do you like working there?
saw 2 min. of on &amp; had a vision of him this thanksgiving, sitting alone with a pilly blanket &amp; a cup of soup.
watch #~fleabag. to funny
yes, ww was very good for that. :) and the series in general is aiming to be perceived that way.
haven't played since first half of twipre due to lack of wiiu, but this is making me want to
what happened to ne-yo? i fucked with his music too, even did a few dance routines to it
he write people shit
never thought i'd say this, but when wil there be a commercial break?
tune into .. you'll like us better than the other guys down the block...
honestly no its still bomb lol i try not to eat it as much anymore tho
lol i'd get tired of it so fast idk why but i'd rather have their milkshake rather than their actual food
can we? sure. and minibas will help with that, being a 1-block helper application bitsy bye can use to execute bin &amp; bas files.
let me know when i can add it to the archive.
government to boost early childhood development
all talk and no action... we'll wait for action this time around.
when you work there you start making your burger hella crazy and complicated and its hella good lol. i dont love the shakes:/
lol that was me at subway use to come up with some out of the world shit
2) groundrules are that you cant mention the clintons or discuss anything other than the details and facts of yr plans and
why would he come after hillary should be sent to rikers island for all charges she has done!!..
me @ you when we go back
lmao whatever nicer booty here i come
aye hit my line real brief bruh
check dm bro
but you cant use it with gloves wtf /s
i'll take "having to remove gloves" over "needing to wear kevlar" any day.
what assassination hint?
this was supposedly an "assassination hint" lol
i would possibly give it a 7
and extremely loud obnoxious drums?
dude you already have a nice one
dude thanks but it could be better word to vanessa
it's always a great day when you get to lace up and run your...
runn we'll.. be safe
kek. i say go ahead, though there's nothing special about it that i haven't already uploaded on
i like commemorating things and making them playable in browser
the comments section is not cancer this time
hes been deleting comments my dude
i won't get the story too long this time, but the gameplay time depends on player's style i think.thank you
thank you looking forward to the game looks great hopefully picks you up keep making a awesome game
i would be forced into a 8.5 atleast
and a lead vocalist who looks like a skinny satanist version of rick ross
lmao called it
mtheswaggy @ minecon
i am broke and i went to the casino and i fucked my own ass
title of your sex tape?
helll yesss
dude i used to seeing this song to myself all the time it freaked people out
what the fuck it's 5:30 in the morning
just got off the bus. my 24hr trips begin early lmao
sleepy face
actually don't answer, i need to go to bed
what the fuck it's 5:30 in the morning
also why you awake at this hour?
never accept a job offer during mercury retrograde...and damn sure don't ever buy anything big and important, like a home or car.
i disagree. learn about the portal of djehuty opening. especially during the eclipse
is this the best you can do, really?
will federal court records work?
awe man that sounds really bad hopefully you dont have to wait too long tho bra!
hopefully!~ :)
she never said anything about birther, stop with rw bull shit.
one more time, obot. it started in her camp. you can read, right? idiot! lol!
my little brother finished the wisconsin ironman! won 12th overall &amp; qualified for finals.
go dylan, you're a super hero now! i envy you, i've always wanted to fly
it extra felt like a mini reunion tonight. lol.
see you guys in the morning!!
you're a moron you said even if the kid isn't reach for the gun he should've been shot for having one...
this is actually what i said
tragic news michael j. fox is losing the fight against parkinson's
uh oh i have a feeling hes gonna be the next icons will loose
... the 1st season lately.
i actually have to finish the new series
waiting to get cranberry pecan turtles in person
we plan our trips around chocolate!!
you couldn't pay me enough money to play gay in a movie always did shit for the camera like
correction tv show
more proof that is nothing more than a thief. would never do this
lol, students from might have an argument there.
if i act impressed by your dick just know that i'm also impressed by people who can gleek.
i'll take what i can get.
it could've been worse. sa could be bottom of the championship log...oh hang on...we are! bring japan in...we need a win
what makes you think they can beat japan? the us women's team can beat their fitness is better
welcome to the jet family garrett. we are excited to have you. if you need anything we are always here 24/7.
you don't offer referral credits do you??. as in if i refer someone to your website and they create account and buy bc of me
ha ha yeah whatever!! go tell someone who cares like lying crooked cheating hillary!!
innuendos and nicknames, the trump troll tool box.
in the team would be a better choice than jantjies.
is horrible rt
now you feel my constant pain you're in my prayers
when do u drive hellen lol?
what is this from?
the great divorce. one of my favorites. (140 character limit prevented me from citing it, so good q!)
thought of hillary during commercial my head twerks sometimes when i got to shit badly also. get well hillary
these are some historic tweets you are posting.
i fucking loved this comic and and are to be thanked for it
imo the very best thing ever in crisis. by one &amp; only
whenever i'm in a car with people, my go to song is always either beautiful by snoop and pharrell or remix to ignition lmfaooo why am i me
remix to ignition everydayyyy
: another soldier stabbed by during checkpoint in hebron. that makes it 4 terror attacks in 24 hours.
this goes no where
she never said anything about birther, stop with rw bull shit.
i'll say it again, you two are staggeringly ignorant. unbelievable! lol!
omg scary!! switch off you don't seem safe to drive
lmao zim is literally knocked tf out
imo the very best thing ever in crisis. by one &amp; only
3ww and bible john also extreme high points
who said anything about bush? where are you coming up with he has anything to do with 9/11? why are you deflecting?
doj already deflected that, permanently. she responsible for that, but 9/11 is not on bush &amp; guiliani?
lol wow he's trash aren't you like an hour away now?
mmm like an hour 45
who said anything about bush? where are you coming up with he has anything to do with 9/11? why are you deflecting?
ur just mad lied to you bout immigration, the ban, the wall, who is paying for it and his secret isis plan,.
lol theres these furry coats at work that just remind me of joanne the scammer
maybe ill try it on tmrw for funsies lol
so close!! once you get to gilroy it's really less than an hour!!
no clue where i'm at rn or where that is lol
pretty face. tight waist. and my booty round.
the perfect combo.
irish politician in the 90s by the name of dick spring xd
not a good soap
i'm just here, eating a grilled cheese and sipping wine in just my panties, trying to figure out how why i'm alone.
it's a mystery.
take this beating and learn from it. learn to work as a team. learn to love the game.
what can anyone take away from that game?
mr. trump has been the most pro-gay nominee ever from gop, and has established a new path for the average american worker.
please explain to me how?
....the days of springbok rugby competing with and beating the top teams in world rugby are over!!!
not as long as the is in power
oh shit thank you
yeah she's scamming dudes for money i figured i'd let you know it's a fake profile
don't worry you're close, can't believe you did the whole drive yourself
lol shit me either ! &amp; thanks helly
no, i would blame that on for being a senator in new york, then. also, memes aren't facts.
lol, exactly, how do you get that was on her, w/out memes? no proof. just weak alt-rw innuendos.
please explain to me how?
was it when he selected, mike pence, the most homophobic running mate?
now you know you can do it way back! much better in the daylight lol
lol i just should've gotten some sleep then it wouldn't be as bad
very sexy bby.
that's a fake profile. i'm the real account
yes, and coming from slime that conned oz out of $850mln for tax "refund" that ato was dead against..librat "mates"
the powerful pointing their finger at the powerless is an age old trick to deflect their own failings
please explain to me how?
was it when he promised to reverse marriage equality?
any londoner that wonders why us are ahead of those in the uk only need to have a beer in nyc. ownership of staff far higher here
this was inspired by a great conversation with about how founders can inspire the right culture
hi, you need to contact your airline in relation to any baggage queries.
i did and they informed me that i needed to speak with someone from dublin airport to see if the bag is still there.
flashback: obama campaign accused clinton of feeding \'false claims\' about his origins in 2008
was a virtual unknown until then leading enacted the campaign!
tons of great spots in this area! the guide to eating around the tendernob
when i visit your home, i call your places and things by your names for them. please show me the same respect!
yes. hit me up when you on
dope. i can pay off the rest of my pre order i'll stream.
realistically i'd wake zims lazy ass up to drive last hour
im too nice
u used to call me on my noot noot
late night when u need my noot
flashback: obama campaign accused clinton of feeding \'false claims\' about his origins in 2008
despite the cannot deny the movement was a tactic!
i truly admire you for being so genuine and passionate in all that you do
that was beautiful, you're post was heartfelt and perfect, i just felt like telling you
if anyone tells you that baking soda neutralizes the acid in coffee. tell them they are one step away from terrorism. i tried it and blech!
who is this? steel valor doesn't do twitter anymore.
if we had spots i'd give it! really hope to see you there bruda
gonna find some way to go
mark cuban offers trump $10m for an interview
many times i've asked to prove that he pays taxes. and:: on what date was the usa greater than it is today?
oh dear! you did. :) still most enjoyable tho.
thanks john
haven't sent you one meme, yet. she was senator of new york, so according to your logic, it must be her fault.
lol you trolled w/the lie/meme. disgraceful the way rnc used her as a pawn she needs therapy
flashback: obama campaign accused clinton of feeding \'false claims\' about his origins in 2008
oops, my bad.. wasn't a , &amp; she had heat exhaustion/pneumonia/no health problems or e-mails!
normal day in north carolina
apparently so. i think it's super weird so far and not sure what the theme is
fucking claps.. many more to come
nothing but good vibes bro! we fasho linking up again
i almost forgot; to the design team for incorporating the easy-pull tab on boxes makes opening them so much easier!
the iphone 7's box is the most singular, the most evolved representation of that design
since i'm an independent, and you're so desperate to have me vote for her, you better do a better job than that.
i'm not trying to change your mind from trump. you were lie/trolling w/something she has been officially cleared of.
brexit was a revolt against liberalism. we've entered a new political era | martin kettle
only the most illiberal liberal would consider brexit the end of liberalism, say like the paternalistic guardian.
irrelevant if the way it's taught and understood isn't doing the job. "point of view is worth 80 iq points."
that shocks me. it's wrong to pass off other's people's ideas as your own. it's taking advantage of other's people's ignorance.
just arrived in texas - have been informed two officers have been shot. my thoughts and prayers are with them.
violence and division and terror increased like no one had ever seen before since you started running.
since bread is square, then why is sandwich meat round?
same reason why hot dog buns are sold in packs of 8 and hotdogs are sold in 10.. i chalk it up to life hating us . .
"he ended it and now he can continue his rehabilitation." - on and the birther issue
he might have ended it but she didn't start it. was untruthful saying she did.
how awesome. you seeing a show??
will meet up with et al for laur's bday. i am planning for dangerous liaisons in nov!!!!
it's 6 in the morning.
haven't slept in 8 yrs. how's the baby? miss you.
how awesome. you seeing a show??
i always walk around the theaters when i am here at this ungodly hour. i have missed so much...
or maybe you mean that he wouldn't even pass his own extreme vetting tolerance test?
or the widespread hiv scandal mike pence brought on indiana: 4 things you need to know via
i haven't seen one fact from you, yet. all you've done is sent memes. i'm an independent; i'll think for myself, thank you.
lol america, you sent a meme of something she has been cleared of, you provide the facts, not me. until then you're lying.
fuck off you deplorable ahole.
he's not hrc &amp; moose is nothing if not totally obedient to conservarive media lies so he'll vote for disaster
untag chesi relation cheskondra plz edho le oka reply esthe lagesthunaru
rey rey rey untag cheyandi
mr. trump has been the most pro-gay nominee ever from gop, and has established a new path for the average american worker.
or is it their belief in torturing lgbt children with conversion therapy?
appealing / appalling who comes up with this stuff
a twitterly tweet
allie and sasha part 2
talk about a fan moment with the .
the fact that you could even record means the train was only partly full.
i've been in worse trains than that.
mr. trump has been the most pro-gay nominee ever from gop, and has established a new path for the average american worker.
but how about on the average worker, he wants to dismantle unions.
fuck off you deplorable ahole.
query, is moose's unquestioning obedience to conservative media hypnosis a sign of blind loyalty beyond help?
mr. trump has been the most pro-gay nominee ever from gop, and has established a new path for the average american worker.
he would lower, not raise, the minimum wage.
last 24 hours: trump jokes about clinton assassination, brags about tricking press w/ racist ruse, uses gold star family to promote hotel
making america great again!
bottomless pit's drumming is amazing, the lyrics are great. it's a 9-10.
nigga i cant breathe when im listening to death grips its too hard for me
don't even tell me you two haven't been to sleep yet! i'm getting dressed to go to yoga.
i slept on the bus
yeah i figured. but mary should have knocked ad out too!
she was trying to keep her daughter from dieing that's all that was on her mind.
my love language is really loud.
all the better.
one of my favourite days!! still got loads of pics i need to post! hope you're well x
thank you for the pics
its been an amazing day and actually feel valued in the job i do, can't deny it, have a smile on my face right now
fab way to end the week!!
mr. trump has been the most pro-gay nominee ever from gop, and has established a new path for the average american worker.
or the hundreds of small business owners &amp; workers he refuses to pay? trump doesn't pay his bills
can't even sleep to much on my mind right now
i just watched end zone copy...damn we should have won. mental errors =31 points!
haven't sent you one meme, yet. she was senator of new york, so according to your logic, it must be her fault.
total joke that ron francis was inducted into the hhof. talk about overrated. and howe son, shanahan sucked, too.
so admits his conspiracy theory was wrong. what a loser. sad!
loser? he's made a massive comeback and is tied with clinton. what planet are you on?
so admits his conspiracy theory was wrong. what a loser. sad!
only a person with very low character attacks another person after they admit they were wrong. shame on you!
mr. trump has been the most pro-gay nominee ever from gop, and has established a new path for the average american worker.
he even refused to pay the little girls that performed at his rally? they're now suing him.
dear b and i were kvelling over your insightful artist interviews. when do we worship in person?
you're too kind! whenever wherever!
honestly i have nothing but contempt for people that sit there glued to a tv watching negroball and inhaling carbs as their nation dies.
carb inhaling couch spuds need intervention &amp; our love ! to break addiction
lmfao! they tried to herb you
thats why i ain't buy shit
mr. trump has been the most pro-gay nominee ever from gop, and has established a new path for the average american worker.
there's too much to list but please share your insights.
friend sends me the best snaps
listen to blockbuster night by run the jewels very good song
watching 's 7 year old nephew use two iphones like they're extensions of his body ... makes me wish i was born 25 years later
can you name even one truly great thing accomplished by anyone using an iphone? maybe what you saw is toxic.
why a donald trump victory could make climate catastrophe inevitable
the planet will survive the dinosaurs must have thought they were the end all be all too
why single out obama? you don't get to become editor of the harvard law review by being stupid.
probably blocked you jeff. he tucks tail, runs for hills rather than facing any challenge to his narrow world view.
clinton camp: trump's talk of disarming clinton's bodyguards "should be out of bounds"
shouldn't 's talk of disarming americans also be out of bounds?
haven't sent you one meme, yet. she was senator of new york, so according to your logic, it must be her fault.
keep trolling me. when you troll me, you aren't trolling someone who might change to trump, like you.
lmao but his stream is retardedly comfy
its hard to be comfy when a fuck boy is talkin down to every1
late night delivery chicken and waffles jesus christ yes thank you santa cruz
best date of my life was over that sc chicken and waffles
why a donald trump victory could make climate catastrophe inevitable
voters don't care. they think scientists wrong &amp; trashing the planet pisses liberals off so they're all in for disaster.
are you saying is tool of ?
while was then ??
the party of the american worker, otherwise abandoned by our politicians.
explain yourself. how could you believe this farce?
donald trump looks at women and decides how their looks rate on a scale of one to 10.
it is truly unbelievable, and scary, that with a husband like yours you can make comments like this. horrible judgment!
guyyyys where can i watch the performance and the programm of jimmy fallon??!!
check youtube
and it's not just phiphi getting hate. alaska has received horrible comments, threats and hate too. just for eliminating someone...
how to fix this? if folks were in a room together, we could ignore the bully. but here? twitter has to step up, for 1 thing
awe you offended?? hypocrite!!
lol again thanks for showing your ignorance. google "hypocrite definition" and you'll see why.
come under these sheets with me..
you're the boss!
he only mentions hrc in terms of the deal they made for him to concede. he better ramp it up.
i do not trust him.
i guess you couldn't come up with any facts, so you result to insults. typical lw-nutjob. i'm muting you now, so don't bother.
i'm used to this, i get it every time i destroy a trump troll.
two million people streamed the nfl on twitter and loved it
the globalization of the continues. great move by . excited to see this business line grow.
i can try. send me a pic and size. haven't looked at them yet.
size large please!
"i am getting nervous, not because trump is good but because people are stupid."
i can't listen to her. ugh.
the density. oh the stock density. it's so dense it has its own gravity field...
that's the top i want!
do you know a sophie gordon ?
ah - if gorson, then yes.
$gild's - don't knock it...works w/ lil toxicity treatment
have to disagree. $gild stopped 6 trials of idelalisib in combo w other cancer drugs because of high rate of saes
ok grawlix stop using follower bots ok please stop seeing you succeed depresses me
i am also succeeding pretty well
it isn't. performance is a superset of utility. it's also independent of price.
customers care about progress, not "performance". they only switch to a product with it delivers more progress (utility).
no it's ok you have less followers than me you can live but grawlix on the other hand
i gained 30 followers over the last 3 days ok please go away tentapenis
here's harvey
here's harvey
outgrow me and face my wrath
south will defend me
i can't decide what part of this is funniest
she's at the crossroads
tfw grawlix 555 has less than half of your followers then somehow uses you to make connections and outgrows you
we dont have time for your nonsense, we are busy at minecon
healthy diet
no thank you
it isn't. performance is a superset of utility. it's also independent of price.
this is the problem w/ most analysts and academics. they reject the ideas of those before them to prove their ideas are "new".
preparing for climate change deniers to spin this as "aha, so things are improving then?"
. i think the spin may in fact by from the nsidc.
the tea party is not a patriot organization. nor are you.
liberals like you are as dumb as trump supporters
asked if she is a birther: "no. if trump says obama was born in america he was. whatever trump says is true."
if you need me i'll be under the bed :-\
it's happening ! i am very much looking forward to this.
hooray! thank you so much, ned!!
makes the airport rabbit seem sane sac-ra-men-to
omg they can't be serious
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
when you're in hell, you are going to burn for a long, long time fat boy
i'm working on the food category for this year's gift guide. have a new foodstuff that we should consider? hit me up.
we've got you covered! check out our brooklyn-made food gifts
yea right i believe the extremely annoying faggot that you are who won't stop messaging me.
you came to me with your claims of trump being the best candidate for lgbt people &amp; american workers.
yea right i believe the extremely annoying faggot that you are who won't stop messaging me.
but you can only name call. sad
i can't decide what part of this is funniest
sunset at the crossroads
queen - fat bottomed girls (official video) via
love queen. also tho, i love spinal tap's
"donald trump's birther event is the greatest trick he's ever pulled"
the day you die i am going to throw the biggest, most joyous, most life-affirming party. please, sir, die.
you remind me of the babe. what babe? the babe w/ the power. what power? the power of voodoo. who do? u do. do what? remind me of the babe.
really glad i followed this account
bad rats show is actually fun to play
ancientreality good twitter
... yo! are you part of the protest?"
what protest?
john hinckley, the man who shot president ronald reagan, has been released (fixes typo)
i'm no fan of ronald reagan but i'm less of a fan of people who try to kill people including this guy who should never get out.
queen - fat bottomed girls (official video) via
love queen. also love spinal tap's big bottom! a classic
this true b?
this true b
lmao accidentally swapped lighters w someone who also had a white lighter
fuck that 27 myth threw my lighter away
rip dadhammer coming!
ahahhaaa gee thanks for the word of encouragement
be the kind of person that makes other people want to keep up with you.
trying every day!
i've found and are the best at welcoming new viewers and create an ongoing and engaging community
i don't think knows that about me &amp; my scopes. they don't follow me on twitter or .
damn homie, in high school you was the man homie, fuck happened to you?
whooooo lol
freddie mercury last vocal interview before dying via the best voice in rock n roll! period
totally agree
*wakes up, yawns* weird that the sun is rising in the west this morning... oh jeez, that giant fireball is the moon!
pro tip: if the sun actually rises in the west, you're probably still dreaming
when its 6am and a group of people are still drinking and "rapping" outside your window. your joking shut the fck up
now they are in a group huddle and one guy is singing omg
mad max fury road might be the most guy action movie ever. and therefore i will watch it when it is on.
the best part of this is that it's the story of women
one day i will only communicate in metaphors that require a person to have knowledge of 20 years of dubious fanfic.
this came up again at dinner. i had to explain that i had had a conversation just that day using such references.
now they are in a group huddle and one guy is singing omg
blue shirt new yorker is not happy. god bless u blue shirt
no, i just believe the most viable integration strategy is quality.
lauding "quality" &amp; "high performing" (subjective conditions depending on values), dismissing integration...
it's bullshit. since hillary &amp; her team actually did start the birther movement. that's not a false conspiracy.
that is why obama made her sec. of state?
the winning streak ends at 8 as the fall in the series opener. final 6-0. paxton takes the mound tomorrow in a 6:10 p.m. start.
that one hurt. love felix, but he really isn't what he used to be. hard to watch the slow decline.
the bara dressing room ready for today's game sfcb abara
dont wat that, it might be poisoned :d
how'd the game look from the ground after i took ya out
that's what i like to hear
thought of another
hahahaha i like that one!
i fell asleep without taking my makeup off smh
so u can say "i woke up like this"
blue shirt new yorker is not happy. god bless u blue shirt
they left and i am grumpily going back to bed. done live tweeting this ish
before &amp; after
oh my the after picture is so adorable his face is like, thanks mum, you da one
the fans of must be so livid. for 5yrs they've marched proudly to his birther insistence - &amp; now he says he was wrong. ouch
that does not mean squat to them. all they care about is his racism.
most dems think moralistic rage persuades people, . i choose inspiring ppl with ideas.
uh, who have u inspired lately?
you look stunning beautiful today. you look ageless too. what do for fun? are you single too? you have anice day. !
appreciate that! have a great weekend!
lauding "quality" &amp; "high performing" (subjective conditions depending on values), dismissing integration...
perpetuates separate,label,prejudge based on top down perspective.of course 1% resist sharing.dnc resists truth-
ever have a conversation with a male supporter? everything is a fantasy from the movie red dawn.
with a sprinkling of dr. strangelove.
reading ian mcewan's new novel nutshell. or at least i think he wrote it, as the copyright page says "ian mcewan is an unlimited company".
the last visible ian mcewan?
perpetuates separate,label,prejudge based on top down perspective.of course 1% resist sharing.dnc resists truth-
but hope and change is likable enough.
let's go re:
these &amp; young don't know ?
getting closer to my dreams and the best part is, you ain't in it
plot twist when you bitter and better
let's go re:
whilst has now become a advocate, who was the ob--?
i am very naughty and wild, i love to play in cam. .i'm there-
forget about the fun. i will eat you up and make you happy
the dolie bashing since the 80s was always a lie and is disgusting - anyone who does it is a fuckwit
yep, easy to kick those who are down. those who judge should walk a mile in their moccasins
waiting 7 1/2 hours at er for mom to get a room
good gracious sorry 2 hear hoping mom's health improves
was i the inspiration? :)
was actually working on it beforehand, but you did help me find some bugs!
national lawyers guild: 556 children killed [mass murdered?] 51 days 2014
israel did not kill 556 palestinian children. please read
against hillary started when she entered the national spotlight. her activism was a threat to old white misogynist gop.
i remember this "why cant she be like nancy reagan and get an astrologer".
we can't officially condone vandalizing yard signs, but sometimes it takes extreme measures to teach trump supporters to tolerate others.
what kind of ambiguous asshole are you?who are you supporting, yourself?
let's go re:
while i was a as a child, i also knew bobby was anti- &amp; a mccarthy supporter!
just turned 23
awk loll congrats!!'
landed in chicago time to and enjoy like no other
that's what's up! enjoy the win!!
2.3 million people streamed the nfl on twitter last night and loved it
more proof that people are alienating traditional cable.
all this because you twitted against an actor?!
the tweet that shook chintan dave's life foundations.
ernst's method of automatic drawing seems something of a precursor of procedural generation
i fed this into google dream, right? and some other ernst. they came back almost unchanged. just more eyes.
this year i had to leave early. i was to leave friday at sunrise. on my way ...
thx4follow - great burning man pics = nice job!!
can you file a support ticket?
yeah i did, i tracked it down to osx only being able to have a single keyboard layout at once. ridiculous of them, lol. we good &lt;3
plan for the weekend: relax, relate, release.
lol! love a timely 'a different world' reference
i fed this into google dream, right? and some other ernst. they came back almost unchanged. just more eyes.
deep dream. whatever it's called
good mornin ....every institution &amp; system must serve - the greatest number possible..or be changed, or abolished....
inspired n his ... usa's has been pushin in2 harder, poorer, shoirter lives
it should concern everyone that hillary can not prove the superiority of her economic plan over trump's garbage.
you understand the history of the big lie and how trump's strategy is out of nazi propaganda playbook, right?
it should concern everyone that hillary can not prove the superiority of her economic plan over trump's garbage.
many politicians sold positive visions in 1933 and got trounced by hitler thru media manipulation and false equivs
"we've put hal on our wall!" my husband after getting a nest thermostat. "at least it's not red." "hal only turned red after he turned!"
which means you're doomed the minute you turn up the heat!
blazing saddles on right now!! cinemax.
already? it was in theaters just 2 weeks ago.
let's go re:
as ag bobby sicced hoover's on , yet:
good god do these people watch the game!?
apparently not
many politicians sold positive visions in 1933 and got trounced by hitler thru media manipulation and false equivs
you can blame hrc all u want for what's happening but ignoring the demagogue path to power is blindness
it's an incredible piece. i've been getting a bit more sceptical of surrealism as i get older but this just gets better.
oh, ernst was the real thing to the point he makes all others seem not. except my friend emily kaplan
., i stayed up to watch million dollar extreme. you are a genius.
i wake up at at 7am all local hoax media outlets killing trump on his attacks on hillary and obama..it never stops with the media
thought?? i tried to talk out of this he said he was being lead by god so i...
marvin is a good man hes right god will give him abundant blessings.greediness is not gods ways
yesterday, hmenv departed for new york for from port harcourt where she held meetings on
as part of her official duties, hm will facilitate nigeria side event at on
let's go re:
these kids don't know what we went through..yup,
lol..where does sandhya come in though?
lol. she called him out on it. so now he's blaming her for his continuous harassment of me. blameless lil chintan.
as toxic as the atmosphere was, the fans were unbelievable. did not stop getting behind the team for the 90 mins. and i lost my voice
sabar okay. i went to villa v liverpool and they thrashed our team 6-0 i feel you man
wtf are u good
yeah after walking down story and jackson to mp, fuck the police and fuck beena she gmfu
i've started. am currently in springfield, il
oh nice! will be doing the route in mid october !
the lands of the state,...constituting the forest preserve as now fixed by law, shall be forever kept as wild forest lands.
does this mean that the rules for public use will follow for example the rules of the mckenze wild forest
jews love to gloat.
lenin and stalin were not jewish.
holocash, contains what's dearest to jews, cash
read the nazis in their own words who detail the mass extermination of the jews in ww2.
trump is the best choice for all americans! no more business as usual!
you make me smile girl!
tho it's been fun in the midst of getting lost in foreign places and growing. tonight,i am missing a whole ton of peeps.y'all complete me.
i miss myself too
i thought it was nice
nothing to kill he's career off they gassing this nigga
law &amp; order, you are always there for us all in a way that no other entity is.
i'm barely paying attention tbh, but its presence is both a comfort and a joy.
these types of comments are the result of everyone getting a trophy
just completely turn your head away from the child rape allegations. you call yourself a christian? smh
tonight was my 137th time this year i am the oldest white guy at the rapping show not doing security or on the tech crew
someone's gotta be the legend
it's an incredible piece. i've been getting a bit more sceptical of surrealism as i get older but this just gets better.
but my favorite ernst by far, because it's a graphic novel, is une semaine de bonte.
as part of her official duties, hm will facilitate nigeria side event at on
the side event follows the official signing of at the un hq by h.e
giveaway- 1 copy of - must leave comment below on what your fav "xbox one gaming moment" has been- winner picked tmrw
winning a halo 5 mp match by 1 point. still an adrenaline rush!
that sick, crooked pos blames trump for everything. she will never take responsibility for anything. lies lies..
sickenin isnt it i feel like im in the twilight zone hillary breaking laws n nothing happening its insane
jews deny everything that's not holohoax.
eichmann did interview in argentina in 1957. eichmann admits to the final solution, the gas chambers
my fianc's idea of a wedding tuxedo no leather in my elegant old hollywood themed wedding huhuhu
can't a man be king of the north in our wedding?
let that illumination of his light shines upon everyone who believes in his existence now and forevermore amen &amp; amen..
to open their eyes, in order to turn them from darkness to light,+from the power of satan to god, that they may receive...
the side event follows the official signing of at the un hq by h.e
hmenv is accompanied by dr. ; director legal, stella aburime; asst. director, dprs, mr. onazi ameh
this is gonna be so so good !!! tear watching the trailer
's version was a tear jerking too.
recent hacks have raised questions about the election and u.s. safety. here's what we know:
obama is getting ready to give up the internet to our enemies. i don't know where he was born, but it doesn't look like it was here
what's up man
im good how are you
good morning, new york!
what is that?
you read way too much into what i am saying. i'm all for integration but policies have proven difficult to implement.
guilty as charged,but in the middle, trapped under invisible elephants in the room w/elite &amp; monied pontifications 4 comfort.
the snowglobe line up is so nice ):
the headliners !!
don't "hate" him just not sold on him. he still needs 2 get us into the playoffs. that's how he'll be judged
get real u said geno should start
looking forward to meeting them!!
i'm sure the feeling is mutual!
first overnight shoot on sleep well/good morning!
you have been duly initiated!
the usa today editorial board sounds off on donald trump's flip
if the guy all of sudden started shitting gold the left would have a problem with it.
ok...i bought a ps4 slim to play last of us and until dawn. playing the gamer card
nothing wrong with that bud. they have a few good exclusives. enjoy
i cant wait for the scene kid revival
be careful what you wish for
it sends a chill up my spine when they grab hoynes. when bartlet kisses leo on the cheek, tears
both, yes! what did it for me this time was the way toby looked at josh when he found him.
hmenv is accompanied by dr. ; director legal, stella aburime; asst. director, dprs, mr. onazi ameh
others include; mrs , special adviser (technical; , ms., sa-comms; , cso rep/panelist
"stop wishing for it and start working for it." found this saying on twitter. i like it!
. thanks for your inspiration.
getting into even more trouble w/ .
this is exciting.
we will take good care of them!
no doubt! but not too well -- i want them to come back
if the guy all of sudden started shitting gold the left would have a problem with it.
that is the trade mark of those can't get anything done. look, venezuela was handed to them &amp; they fucked it all up.
read this trash most disgusting thing i've ever read
looks like it was written by a 13 year old sony fanboy
i can assure you in the blk community trumps comments about obama are taken as racist and yesterday changed nothing
they definitely are. not sure among white voters though. and increasingly looks like trump could win on strength with whites.
do you have some good songs to use with 8th graders to teach identity and inferences?
yo check out kendrick's untitled 3 for identity and swimming pools for inference. you got some ideas?
if i had a daughter, i'd want her to be more like michelle than melania
no one with a brain with want a pig as a daughter
that is the trade mark of those can't get anything done. look, venezuela was handed to them &amp; they fucked it all up.
if the hacks in the media investigated their accomplishments, they would find out that shit has better properties.
others include; mrs , special adviser (technical; , ms., sa-comms; , cso rep/panelist
mr. fyneface dumnamene is also in the delegation as a youth rep from niger delta and will speak at the side event
i'm sorry is this a sassy melodic cover of cake geico
like, it's too early for this, but it's also always too early for this.
so i just got to springfield and this fucking kid meek fell asleep now im stuck in my whip till whenever this dickhead wakes up
i'd be tight
you are cruel but yes sure its day now
but tonight :p
hi ken, do you have a presentation schedule for photokina ?then i could listen to it/make my schedule.frank.
hi frank, i'll be speaking at the here are the times: see you there!
wsj commentary on un amr mtgs next week via
- see report's proposals on
i had spaghetti in little italy tonight. i can die a happy italian man
you should try the cannolis
270k according to the red cross. nolocaust
no germans were killed in dresden in 45. prove to me germans were killed there.
what are you asking? which one i prefer?
sure. yeah, do you have a fav? i am a bit torn. obv. need the usa model zero after seeing your review. we have jp version.
is that healthier than the bacon at our big e fair? + =
oh my!! yikes! what about the fried butter?
supporting my case? it clearly states what i just said about what she voted on... wtf r u talking about?
it says she was liberal with some centrist leanings. iraq and initial pa, yeah, but opposed nearly everything else.
at the mvc to renew my license an hour before they open and the line is already well into the parking lot.
why-do-other-humans-exist-dot-horse
romney's endorsement appearance with trump in feb 2012 reflected a view that birtherism is incorrect but acceptable.
there were a lot of elite republicans who thought birtherism wrong as a matter of fact, and perhaps a wrong strategy, but not morally wrong.
mr. fyneface dumnamene is also in the delegation as a youth rep from niger delta and will speak at the side event
follow &amp; for live updates from nigeria at 2016. a unique opportunity.
please rt &lt;3 powered by &amp;
this channel has no content
nice, why did the 6 million number stay the same?
here are the numbers of jews murdered in each european country by the nazis in ww2.
supporting my case? it clearly states what i just said about what she voted on... wtf r u talking about?
seriously, her voting record (not roll call) and bernie's are 90%+ the same.
"she supported the republican president 49 percent of the time"- article
on which issues? you keep forgetting to mention that.
i keep fanning out my $16.99
lololol yay!!
he works in the holocough industry.
read the nazis in their own words who detail the mass extermination of the jews in ww2.
but why he hasn't it corrected ? so its normal that people asks about, or not ?
year books often have erroneous information including the wrong name under a person photo.
donald trump: "president barack obama was born in the united states. period"
oh boy!!! wow! who would ever guess? now the question is: did ted cruz's father kill kennedy?
hysterical thread, sonygaf loves them some checkerboard rendering acts like scoprio cant
so upscaling ok now? they trashed xb1 about upscaling for years
the party that will end the reign of corrupt elitists trying 2 kill usa
gop w trump as its head will end "political correctness" that has crippled a education 4 our kids n ltd ind thinking.
thank you my dear
believers will be in a perfect place, praising god all day long, being fully embraced with his love forevermore.
so upscaling ok now? they trashed xb1 about upscaling for years
and this guy had it right but he got banned lol
but why he hasn't it corrected ? so its normal that people asks about, or not ?
students have no control over what a student paper or year book prints.
well have fun with that because i will question every damn thing that annoys the shit out of you about the holohoax.
kurt franz nazi guard in charge of treblinka admits 2 the gassing and mass murder of the jews
excellent rendition , sing a capella version of '' y108 pittsburgh's country
amazing! she looks awesome also!
if you agree or think to the contrary on our crisis, let us know.
1/20/15 i tweeted: low interest rates + high unemployment=now is the time to take care of infrastructure!
because i don't have trust in him doesn't mean i" hate" him.
but you said geno should start .
there weren't 10 million jews to kill, dipshit.
complete bs. there were 3 million jews in just in poland.
donald trump: "president barack obama was born in the united states. period"
does this mean obama is a christian too? or he didn't really create isis? or that he isn't the leader of isis?
willis uses it on android and has said the same thing.
i assumed it would learn preferences and keep playing new things, but it was playing the same segment repeatedly.
and her sisters transformation too
i think about kiki kannibal all the time. u know her sister is asian now.
there weren't 10 million jews to kill, dipshit.
according to polish files, hitler murdered 3 million polish catholics from 39 to 45. are the poles lying too?
and alpacas! &amp; have fun on your walk today!
i've been to the big e with my alpacas. i'm sure some of my friends are there. say hi
clinton campaign pushes sanders, michelle obama to shore up youth vote amid poll swoon
that is some group of stars u wonder y the country is in trouble!!!!
vlog 1607 - a is for ackbar... what would you include in a star wars alphabet?
b is for boba fett
but why he hasn't it corrected ? so its normal that people asks about, or not ?
if one of his parents was a u.s. citizen at his birth, then he is a natural born citizen.
and god help me if the salty bitch behind me throws one more exasperated sigh at the back of my neck. ease up, bitch.
i am so here for a dmv live tweet. that reads as sarcastic, but i mean it.
it's funny how just one thing can make everything fall into place
whatxha talking bout callllll me
vlog 1607 - a is for ackbar... what would you include in a star wars alphabet?
c is for chewbacca
donald trump: "president barack obama was born in the united states. period"
does this also mean trump didn't meet putin in ny and have a long talk during the taping of 60 minutes?
we're looking into a fix for those that cannot send/receive emails, including bouncebacks and error codes. we appreciate your patience
my email is down,
"she supported the republican president 49 percent of the time"- article
36 dems voted at higher % way than hillary. bernie voted 32% in bush's favor. kinda shoots purity out of the water.
if you agree or think to the contrary on our crisis, let us know.
for at least forty years, i've been laughed at for screaming stop building roads and housing.
how to watch free tv shows, and videos on iphone hd.
i watch your youtube video and followed the instructions but the app is downloading but not connecting
all testimonies taken from men after being tortured and testicles crushed.
remind me who tortured eichmann when he gave this interview to fellow nazi in argentina in 57
i thought i was good until i dropped all the food in the fridge on the fucking floor
there's 8 pieces of pizza on the floor, fuck!!!
ok but why did twitter unfollow you
idk ! but glad to have you back
lenin was confirmed but what's your point?
lenin were not jewish. stalin was not jewish
vlog 1607 - a is for ackbar... what would you include in a star wars alphabet?
d is for darth maul......i can't stop now
he is indeed! hallelujah!praise the lord all the earth for he is worthy! glory!
shout joyfully to the lord, all the earth; break forth in song rejoice, and sing praises. psalm 98:4
if i ever end up managing haskell developers i'm going to be such a hardass about -wall -werror, newtypes, and smart constructors...
what about newtypes?
lenin was confirmed but what's your point?
what religion was stalin born into? remind me?
people losing their shit because apple made a phone that's black makes me sad for humanity....
who's losing it
donald trump: "president barack obama was born in the united states. period"
the new question is, where the hell did trump come from?
but why he hasn't it corrected ? so its normal that people asks about, or not ?
president obama has been elected by the voters to state and national offices. why worry now?
happy everybody! the first batman comic i ever read was batman from 1940 (long story). what was your first bat-book?
the long halloween
i need to get my head right. off to listen to 'at the golden circle stockholm' by the ornette coleman trio.
love these lps. best is violin.
never trust ppl who never seen:new jack city, menace ii society, paid in full, scarface, players club, 3 ninjas, home alone &amp; boyz n da hood
bro you took me back wit 3 ninjas i gotta check 4 day flikk now
obama blasts congress for 'not doing their jobs' | watch:
you mean for not agreeing with his agenda for fast tracking the destruction of the nation? this guy is just a lot of hot air
50 cent has done the same in the past. think he's broke? ijs
that's a fact... i just wouldn't compare the two on that level. my message, save those chips... lol
- more dc chargers on highways will help ev drivers and boost ev sales. solving this chicken/egg problem is role for good govt.
not against it, but most plans would lead to many public charging stations that would almost never be used...or maintained
count yourself lucky it's $13 and up for barry's tea here!
you need to setup a black market el
to bernies mere 30% she always voted in favor of big corporations and lobbyist as well
30%? so basically that means 19% of the time hrc voted the wrong way? bernie was always correct, right?
trump said clinton's bodyguards should disarm and "see what happens to her," once again hinting at violence
if guns make us safer...then open every trump rally to guns, any any weapon sold in america! that's the 2nd amendment!
i need my mcconnell translator. is there an app?
i'm working on it! in english: "oh well, fairness just hasn't worked for victims, so allow perpetrators to offer solutions.,
dems suggest we accept a potus who needs special sunglasses n med assists, can faint on a moment's notice, hates working class,pushes immig
(2) is overly secretive, is distrusted by most except foreign dignitaries n more immigration fr countries that hate us.
what is suitable for a skype.
as it is weekend..you can chat with my sales team on monday via skype id amsa.openwave . can you please share your skype id?
donald trump uses latest birther media stunt to promote new hotel
it just shows how clever the man is. this is what we need to take the country into prosperity. venezuela shows the left.
we know it is israels plan all along to not only ethnic cleanse palestinians, but syria etc as well = greater israel
how many hundreds of thousands of civilians has iran helped assad murder in the last 5 years?
we don't know which to stare at, the hunk of gorgeous meat... or the steak. (: joshcarter24 via instagram)
sheeyuut i didn't realise your steaks were so hench. i'll have to head there soon and check it out.
jon voight on trump: how can anyone doubt his sincerity how can anyone believe hrc's?
decades have been spent creating a hillary no1 really recognizes or believes in .it is time for a real change!
trump said clinton's bodyguards should disarm and "see what happens to her," once again hinting at violence
maybe trump should shoot a gun in the air like his hero saddam did! he could show how he loves guns!
all they wanted was an owl with a frickin laser beam on its head.
lasers. so 2001.
a win today will take us level with united, chelsea, liverpool. can't afford to drop any points in these type of games.
did ya have to remind us
any designers here?
app or web?
to bernies mere 30% she always voted in favor of big corporations and lobbyist as well
bernie voted 97% of time with dem majority, hrc 96.9%.
any designers out there real quick i need someone extremely simple
app or web designers?
whoo hoo! have a great time in chi-town! ^ln
thanks there;)
25 years ago today i became a mummy for the first/last time! happy birthday to my handsome intelligent son matthew
please send many happy birthday wishes to , lady linda. and remember, both mum &amp; dad are wonderful!
we know it is israels plan all along to not only ethnic cleanse palestinians, but syria etc as well = greater israel
jailed iranian ayatollah calls regime worse and more evil than isis or taliban
can't stand being lied to this whole time foh
i won't lie to you bud
polygraph panic: cia director john brennan recalls admitting he voted for a communist
this is just an attempt to gain acceptance of communism among the gullible. the beginning of the end is here
end of days, arkane at 1591 words this am, just broke 32k overall. quick break and then back in! what are you writing today?
i need to be more proactive like you and get my 1st novel off the ground
this retired general with a plethora of awards turns to &amp; says "thank god for you -we're gonna win this"!
thank god for them n their like. people will believe n always appreciate them, upper echelon of miitary thinking.
what about high?
yes im smoking maria
bernie voted 97% of time with dem majority, hrc 96.9%.
sorry, 96.5% of time.
we know it is israels plan all along to not only ethnic cleanse palestinians, but syria etc as well = greater israel
iran loves killing iranian kids iran still a leading executioner of minors
and since you pick up i know he's not around, ooooooo
i'm just saying you could do better, tell me have you heard that lately?
i always want a snack
same it's a problem. try putting grapes in the freezer! soooo good
tell em pooh, straight like that!
hell yea i was just bout to hit you up!
trump just ended convo about birther so the next mentally-challenged air brain that brings it up should be fired
they have nothing positive about hillary .. their only resort is negative smoke and mirrors about trump
with its hatred &amp; vitriol, you'd think hungary was at war, but target is people fleeing war.
they're just dying out. population dipped below 10 mil, a psychological threshold
since tap-ins were first highlighted as a criticism by a 'certain' fan-base, they better get used to this being thrown at their face too.
lol yeah i hope they can take the same tapinaldo label
nooooooooooo why didn't i play single british ticketholder scoops 34m euromillions lottery jackpot
that person is having a nice weekend start!
that was my shoooooowwwwwww.
i was so jealous lmfaooo like "why tf my parents wasn't this rich?!"
that's a lot of anger.
i know people with comfortable lives who can't enjoy life because they resent someone on foodstamps
my thoughts and prayers go out to the &amp; police officers- in philadelphia.
this is the climate obama &amp; hillary are giving us. the lies &amp; disrespect leads to this
if being a clinton means speaking the truth, no thanks. she never did say that.
tj, i tried. ryan has nowhere to go but yell and scream. there is no way to justify
we know it is israels plan all along to not only ethnic cleanse palestinians, but syria etc as well = greater israel
the loathsome paul larudee
it's so beautiful oh my god
and this is only what i photographed from my camera!! the real one is on there!!
is the liberal media running out of "spin"? hounding djt for tax returns &amp; birther stance. really, is that all u got
yes that is all they have ...after hillary's weekend at bernies
attention: this is your captain speaking, this yacht has sailed
at least you spelt it right on twitter ps you looked like shit in the snapchat....captain
this combo makes me want to cry. headphone amp for my new studio 100% sorted. wonderful job, .
what did you use beforehand?
trump said clinton's bodyguards should disarm and "see what happens to her," once again hinting at violence
the way you grab into his words to look for the stray bullet shows that dems have nothing to offer.
excuse me you what?
unfollowed you
oh there's plenty of silicon around for that too
&lt;giggle/&gt; truth i was thinking of the glassblowing problem, 'take a deep breath'... weird image, excuse: early morning ;^}
. this is the only thing i find offensive about it. this reaction right here. women have bodies and are physicists.
i am sorry if i have have offended you or others. i was taught that women found it bad also
you retweeted it again because you needed soup again?
i mean i can always use soup but i retweeted it to balance out some anti-soup propaganda i retweeted
. discusses the feeling surrounding this cubs team and how it differs from years past. watch:
to me the cubs gotta be the favorite to win at least the national league pennant. world series? not sure!
why would someone with a history of mooching off her wealthy friends to buy herself additional parasitic friends think we'd vote for her?
it is time to establish an alternative economy &amp; begin to take power from this destructive system &amp; autocratic sociopaths
yo, can we bring suspenders on dudes back?
(i know this goes against my "please only wear sweatpants, men" stance, but we can figure something out.)
paint me like one of yr french girls xx
this is a photo of grace. i see no difference
the way you grab into his words to look for the stray bullet shows that dems have nothing to offer.
if the dems want to disarm the people why shouldn't they the example and give up the armed security guards?
don't let your barber push your hairline back
damn they got u?
if you're current path doesn't keep you up at night and wake you up in the morning then you're likely on the wrong path.
how can a person's path (or anything on the outside) cause him or her to not sleep?
is this where you claim that harretz is anti semitic?
why does haaretz host a shrine to a dead muslim terrorist murderers?
(i know this goes against my "please only wear sweatpants, men" stance, but we can figure something out.)
(to be clear, please don't mix the two, because the thought makes me sad in my everywhere.)
the only thing getting me through this work day is the fact that i get to see my dad later
and that i get to see babe
i bet no one would care if i died
i would care
*extremely coming of age in the big apple voice*
i've been sleeping on the subway for the past 2 nights and let me tell you buddy you get old quick
stop stalking me youre creepy
you wish, im not stalking you
the next day john seeth jesus coming un2 him&amp;saithbehold d lamb of god which taketh away d sin of d world.jhn1:21
he was led as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep before its shearers is silent, so he opened not his mouth. isaiah 53:7b
for fuck's sake. forceful exhalation of the breath i wish would leave your lungs permanently will not make this line move faster!
i apologize but i 100% sighed at the thought of this human you're dragging.
7:26 am: drinking a beer in the bed of someone's truck while they drive me and a bunch of frat bros to the football tailgate
if that doesn't scream america i don't know what does
i'm so proud of my little sister &amp; her team. 5-0 so far in vegas. picked her up &amp; dropped her dwn too
let's hope the football boyz leave the same way!! congrats to ur sis!!
this. this entirely captures how i perceive trump and his (parochial) world view when he meets you.
and that's my pov as someone who's enjoyed interviewing trump (last time, 2011 just ahead of his genesis as a birther),
sanders says trump's campaign is "about bigotry." he's right.
i wonder if the leftist fantasize of trump when they having sex? they don't seem to have any solutions
(photo by yonatan tewelde, for index censorship)
lol..i bet those words are retired by now in addis
if you watch one thing today make it this. if you rt one thing today make it this.
if this doesnt get her more support amongst vets and the country for that matter then i dont know what will
i'm about to leave and i'm tired of staying home on weekends /:
my last month before bootcamp i quit my job, dipped into my savings and had the time of my life lol
the bushes are helping the clintons today. kasich is rallying for obama. i'm glad everyone's cards on are the table.
saint kasich is the worst kind of liar.he isn't a man of his word. he signs a pledge &amp; doesn't keep it-not an honorable man
the most dangerous thing about trump may not be his policies but his sheer irresponsibility:
i'm no trump supporter but this argument is intellectually dishonest. he's (poorly) making a point that guns are for protection.
i cannot wait! i'm about to netflix so hard
i am shitting omff this is not a drill
the eichmann interview came out in 1960 when eichmann was alive.
life magazine got a hold of the eichmann interview and published it in 1960. read
there's no need for a lot of things he does, but he's a walking ego. 35 minutes spent talking about hotel
he's a con man. he's great at conning ppl. right now he's conning millions of ppl 2 vote 4 him
i've met too many cool people on here to go away... i'll stay for those people.. some won't be on my timeline anymore.. goodnight
good morning
senate dems' campaign arm is shifting money out of two key battleground states
the obedient lambs will not fight. do you really think this shit will take care of you? they just about power for a few.
dear stop ~ {or we be gone}. ur not the only~ the purge: youtube quietly begins "censoring"
elite globalist know it's only matter of time before the people storm the gates. that's why they create division &amp; confusion
listening to bombcast talking about the tomorrow children and it sounds like the worst god damned thing
it's so bad
she lost over 800 pounds! she looks amazing now!
i wonder if is mindless eating that spurred this weight gain
you just tweeted that darius miles is broke. and u wanna gamble minutes later? :)
you got my joke
olympia day 1 had a blast with my family loved meeting you all!!!
so cute and that bum...
you just tweeted that darius miles is broke. and u wanna gamble minutes later? :)
lol drew 65 million tho lol
you ever thought of doing family vlogs on youtube?
thanks, jay! thought about it a bit, but don't have the editing skills! for now sticking to snapchat! :-)
jimmy fallon wore a surgical mask for an interview with clinton
while many struggle to survive, the elites play fucking stupid games. that includes trump
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
what hypocrisy! this is a woman who has had armed guards surrounding her since 1976. live your words mrs. clinton
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
will they be taken from yours?
has nothing to offer as a first lady has never worked in or on social or public issues
how do you know? she's very intelligent, speaks 5 languages has her own business.
"wyd today" "nothing jus chillin" "facts we should hook up"
this happened to me yall
dear stop ~ {or we be gone}. ur not the only~ the purge: youtube quietly begins "censoring"
it's time to put fear aside &amp; begin figuring out how 2 build a parallel economy &amp; boycott wall street &amp; majority corporations
... 15 hours of sleep later ... g'morning ...
lucky you... i get maybe 4-5 hours, factoring in waking myself up snoring...
this is a poster for a high school basketball team in iowa.
how disrespectful..
wtf are the tomorrow kids?
what if farmville microtransactions were communist
i'm telling you, me in a bikini with a holster &amp; gun on my hip. don't mess with a .
where is the photo?
compare the clinton beast to the class, elegance and beauty of trumps daughter.
can you even imagine one of trump's kids doing such a thing?
lol.... it's rather a very very busy day with wet clothes and irritable wet socks in my work shoes.
it is hot weather therefore should not bother you much
lip gallagher is the loml
carl* (even though he's ten )
ha! think we tweeted about that a while back! are you going to see it??
ah, it's not out until october. might have to come home before then....maybe....
compare the clinton beast to the class, elegance and beauty of trumps daughter.
i'm not sure chelsea ever worked anywhere, ever
you pay real money to become "bourgeois" which give you perks, because communist states loved the bourgeois i guess
also bribes using a real-money based currency
*three* years? i can't tell if that's a typo. all documentation i've seen says two years.
i thought applecare adds 2 years to the existing 1 year warranty that comes with the product.
the party that will end the reign of corrupt elitists trying 2 kill usa
trump will, both parties sadly are wall street $ over morals and service..
yeah, we get to hear from on a friday night? i know the smack down will be masterful.
and masterful it was!
does this picture show the loch ness monster?
how come you don't it is running for president for the democrats
no wonder you're a trumpite... you can't understand the spoken word properly.
i'm a who is .this is u.
sexism in the media is so blatant, don may as well be teflon
he got more women working for him than hildebeast
what the kids and i had for lunch today! i love making onigiri!
so jealous.
wait, there's tonight too? oh this is a good friday.
absolutely it was. trump was thoroughly dragged.
damn man i hope things improve for you soon
hopefully, we'll see what i can make happen
sorry just got home from a long ass day from work. i haven't seen the option.
it's only for preview members right now
it was genius! our veterans get the recognition they deserve &amp; the liberal media gets a taste of what they give.
media sadly is biased for status quo of corruption..
alabama pipeline ruptures, leaking 250,000 gallons &amp; causing 'fuel emergency'
really think the "leak" is an accident ? the "leak" is worth billions to big oil &gt;gas$ sabatouge
i've never seen a baseball version, but hey there'd be hank aaron for the brewers!
i cannot believe i forgot last night that i did a version of this for ichiro:
my yank tweeps: how do you feel about girardi's last two nights?
throwing bloody red meat out to the girardi haters are we?
we were a power couple
how could u do that to me hailey...i'm pised
again and slaps us in the face trying to blame on hillary and then still not apologizing for his disgusting vile!
he must really think we're stupid! but honey, he doesn't know us!
here's a draft of the talk i delivered at the english institute yesterday.
thanks. good shout on the chatham, and it's useful to see that film can't explain the slowing.
robbie russo on why nyi did not offer him a contract: "i don't know"
i'm more concerned with detroit having frans neilsen than robbie russo.
i've never seen a baseball version, but hey there'd be hank aaron for the brewers!
not *quite* the same, though, b/c it was looking for great seasons by great players on weird teams
good morning my dear friend and happy saturday, wishing you and your family a blessed day, god bless
5:39 on saturday? you,sir,are a better person than i.
people ask me why don't i do ig modeling or flyer model photography. i always feel offended.
they're trying to say you look shea/cocoa buttery in the face
i'd call them 5/4 and 4/4!
interesting, 4/4 even though it has that swing and weird stress pattern?
is a coward and wouldn't take any questions from the press who he also doesn't allow on his plane
coward. that is exactly what he is.
just bare with me, we'll get it right this time
the lies the lies this nigga tells
some of my favorite excerpts from mikaela's 5th grade diary
i had to go poo poo at lacrosse practice
the new target of arrogant rulers. jailed ppl for criticising the pm. pak passed a draconian cyber law
those who think themselves above the law and superior human beings act like they are acting
is there a reason the in the party isn't getting any coverage?
careful dude, you don't want to end up on the wrong end of it. clintons have long arms. :)
affluent sports are typically looked at as white sports baseball, hockey, tennis, golf etc. which is no big deal tbh
if only americans cared about politics as much.what a country we could have..
good morning my dear friend and happy saturday, wishing you and your family a blessed day, god bless
i'm trying to pry my eyes open,still! so i'll say, back at ya! thank you for the kind message.
20 years ago today, tupac shakur passed away at the young age of 25. rest in peace
. miss u my brother
he got more women working for him than hildebeast
and slick willy ? come on keep on drinking kool-aid
there's no hope for dan but he'd do well in a re-education camp. he gets a pass.
dan would cheat his way through the re-education camp and not learn a single thing
i'ma have to screenshot this shit
ima a man of my word if im in town its on me dnt mean ima cop a zip tho
how many more lies will retract before nov 8? how many new ones will he tell? live at 10pm
lawrence you are what i live for every night at 10:00.
lowest of the low to steal from the poor who were in desperate need.
business as usual for the queen of thieves.
if grabovski isn't cleared for camp (and start of season) barzal's chances of the making the team are that much better
nope, 13 forwards already on roster without grabovski, 14 with gionta. no space for barzal.
fox's fury over netflix poaching is part of hollywood's larger frustration in this story.
fox and others still hobbled by advertising model, carrier fees, affiliate agreements, etc. they can't/won't innovate
you can do it, seriously,keep in mind 5 miles not a 7 minute mile, drink fluids,when u get 5 today celebrate. huge accomplishment
thanks for the words of encouragement... lord knows i need them!!!
been using the app for a few days now and i had never noticed the scroll bar flash until you mentioned it.
yeah, it's subtle. but it's definitely not "no visible indicator".
that whole series (i think it's 5 now), is solid.
yeah can't wait to read the rest. hope all is well with you!
how can we make football safer? read the commissioner's letter.
try taking away all the equipment ..
indeed. the left seized the western narrative over the last fifty years, put their leaders in power. ruinous.
and when they know they r wrong the deny, deny, deny
9/16/16- pls. educate urselves people... u need 2 know info. !!! is silent but deadly
if we only knew the truth about fukushima ... how bad is it still ? die offs? cancer over next 10 years&gt; extinction event?
absolutely. alleged murderers should not get away with an independent inquiry even if they are elected presidents.
under what law un can do so? every country says it is interference in the internal matters of a sovereign state
sorry for the current downtime, we are taking a look at your email server now.
up now, thank you!
a special show today. i wrote in response to you "get back to the big issues eric" dvr 1130ae let me know what you think.
will do. will be at clambake octoberfest so dvr'd so it will be later in day. i only watch you and hannity on fox
wishing you the best on your new journey in life.
thanks!!!!!! i'll be seeing you over there on that side of the bridge!
furious media rages at trump: "we got played"
noone believes the media after their selling out to status quo..
or have the people who come buy/give you drinks as you play and you just drink nonestop. but remember don't eat
i can assure you there will be no eating anyway womp womp :/
i worry that trump will be assassinated. and obama and killary could be orchestrating it right now.
that is my fear dearest trin
she's here
omg the way she's laying there it's so soft how nice
terrible trend for a 'secular' democracy.stop these private actors not for anyone's faith but for a healthy society.
unfortunate that so called secular state is being run by religious enthusiastic people/ phonetics
is not just assistant &amp; partner in crime but mole. we cannot allow this
muslim handler for the puppet hillary
took the night off...got a nice 6pm-6am nap in lolz
i got in at one, with a pastrami sammie from katz's.
theory: the better trump's poll #'s get, the more comfortable he becomes, the more he does stupid things. polls fall. wash, rinse, repeat
hope you're right. my hunch though is that kellyanne conway says to him: "see what happens when you stop doing stupid shit?"
cnn traitors to the nation...
traded ethics for cash.
syrian rebel groups exploiting ceasefire to regroup, vladimir putin says
disastrous we need donald j trump to step in instead of our weak president obama
this is just like hrc's convention speech. first part = great appeal to rs. then = reverse it by being insulting.
i took this tagline differently: even for republicans, who nominated him.
"you are a type, whose face says things before your mouth opens; you are a signifier before you are a person"
post 9/11 it was interesting how many times i was "randomly selected".
gotta love oktoberfest! are you a big fan of those?
yes. love anything where r u guys?
have fun w that speeding ticket homie allll fun &amp; games til your car insurance is $400 a month.
i feel so attacked
. i hope you watch cashinin today. i went back to my economic roots. fair and balanced. would appreciate your post show comments.
bout time
hope you're right. my hunch though is that kellyanne conway says to him: "see what happens when you stop doing stupid shit?"
"people ignore you and they scrutinize hillary"
i took this tagline differently: even for republicans, who nominated him.
if she said "even republicans think trump is unacceptable" that would be fine, right?
don't worry the queen of coffee is almost here
waiting outside the station. coffeeeee cofffeeeee **insert weremonster gif here**
dreamt about a lake that wrapped around the world like a snake that reflected me &amp; when it did i was there when i saw me there &amp; again again
i ate blackberries in a place where mold sighed heavily as hills rolled by on strong hairy ankle'd feet. i saw suns rise in agony.
exposed! hugh hewitt is intentionally sabotaging 's campaign
a fake dirt bag
says team in 2008 never raised issue. , long-time buddy, told me in person born in
those who do not know their history are doomed to repeat it.
"trump would like to return us to a nation of forced births, with women's bodies as the vessels" via
"yes, donald trump, that is true!" on 's take on the hyde amendment, genuinely scary gop platform
thank u for delivering the news with humanity, not morbidity. have an enjoyable weekend, see ya's in an hour!
so true! in this crazy world, we need some levity! thx!
what's wrong with him? dr, tbh
this dream rim stuff as gotta stop
i ate blackberries in a place where mold sighed heavily as hills rolled by on strong hairy ankle'd feet. i saw suns rise in agony.
and you were there, sometimes giggly, sometimes afraid. when you weren't you push yourself atop my reflection to keep me where i was.
tv: wanna watch "lelo &amp; stitch"? me: is that even a question?!
love that movie and show
no. it'd be smarter if it said: "unfit. just ask republicans." as a republican, it reads as "haha, fuck you."
yeah that seems right
saturday morning food network block time y'all.
related: why does anyone love me ever?
this is what happens when people are delusional about what makes this nation great!
sadly, respect, honor and sacrifice are forgotten.
and you were there, sometimes giggly, sometimes afraid. when you weren't you push yourself atop my reflection to keep me where i was.
&amp; finally the world's upside down like in the cartoons when they're on the south pole or dug to china, holding hands &amp; the buildings profane
of course, the intended audience may well not be republicans. the ad was on cnn, in the beltway. maybe it's for is/ds. dunno.
this ad is in rotation on msnbc too
let's do this.
i'll be thinking of you while i'm dying!
according to a world bank report 4.7 billion dollars were sent from pakistan to india last year as private remittances!
so pakistan is helping india financially on the behest of its own poor people's needs
answer: several about lobbying &amp; 1st amendment this morning. i will rt. people who've seen can ignore.
disculpa. lo encontre'
this ad is in rotation on msnbc too
i'm seeing her ads a lot in cable news in nyc. must be national buys.
&amp; finally the world's upside down like in the cartoons when they're on the south pole or dug to china, holding hands &amp; the buildings profane
, the manholes curse &amp; spit at dogs missing clumps of fur/legs/noses/eyes, &amp; i kiss your forehead as your face presses to my bicep but
(not that rs/cons don't fuck that up, too; it's just that right now, i'm happy for them to fuck that up).
has clinton hired a gop media consultant? seems like she should, given how she's leaning on this message.
now we're facing the possibility of something unprecedented in modern history: two imperial superpowers aligned in their expansionist drive
jerry pournelle's codominium series posits exactly this:
huckabee: fbi document disqualifies hrc from wh ...either mentally incompetent or a liar
her actions and misdeeds do!!!!!!!!
it's a radio network! you can find us on in philly or download the app!
ok, i already listen on siriusxm, i misunderstood the convo &amp; thought it about tv too. thx for the reply!
, the manholes curse &amp; spit at dogs missing clumps of fur/legs/noses/eyes, &amp; i kiss your forehead as your face presses to my bicep but
you say that it was the blackberries &amp; i push you into the stream knowing i'll never see you again &amp; then i wander in that dream, in that
team hillary's biggest health problem is compulsive lying via
our acceptance of her is worse...
just a matter of priorities; we all get 24h in a day. for me, sleep is just a prereq.
gotta get up and get the kids ready! daughter wakes up at 6 on her own!
mahathir v najib: what looked like a personal vendetta became a national cause in 2015
najib was appointed by mahathir as a cabinet minister then why he turned against his benefactor
i threw up for the first time
you were the highlight of my life tho
are you saying that a republican congress would basically be submissive during a trump presidency? i think that is likely.
no i mean the parliamentary caucus could literally fire berlusconi.
supposed to be at work in 20min..still in bed tho
update: still not at work. still at home.
these past days of obama literally picking up hillary's entire campaign and neglecting his responsibilities as president is very disturbing.
shows collusion of corruption..
look sharp! upgrade your carrier when you upgrade your phone.
it's actually not
you say that it was the blackberries &amp; i push you into the stream knowing i'll never see you again &amp; then i wander in that dream, in that
place for a while longer, maybe hours, probably only seconds in waking, &amp; think about what you'd look like drowning in the nude.
i think it's time for an eric bolling show of his own! say 7-8 pm
anen to thst
les hinton says vindication is "too little too late" - he's right, mp jackals who brought him down should be ashamed
thank you, my fierce friend
if i told you i would have to kill you.
you have hollow legs
let me know if you saw yet? if in us, was it a movie theater or ?
in the theater! i wanted to see that bonus concert footage!
god help london the enemy is well &amp; truly within, britain's trojan horse
invited invasion sad for all of eu.
special guest referee for this women's match. welcome back .
wait which women's title raw or sd?
got an afternoon to listen to online lectures. started with some chomsky, please recommend more; history, philosophy, war, whatever.
really enjoying the fall of rome podcast
no farewell t20i for shahid afridi against
because he has big mouth and breaks his own promises
haha we're two hours upstate so i don't think it was her
haha well never mind
it was really a pleasure to draw your inspiring story. hope we'll meet again in the future.
me too. seeing your wonderful art in my home is really striking. thank you!
break a leg myles!
whose leg tho?
seniors, i'm wearing black. participate in spirit week if you want. but i'm honoring my best damn friend.
and black isn't for death. it's a powerful sign to humble us all.
dude, if fitz doesn't get us into the playoffs you might as well have started geno. if he gets us in i have no prob with him
come on bro , that's not how it works
liberals love the first amendment until you say something they don't agree with.
hillary's weekend at biased media props her up..
my thinking is i won't change their minds, but in challenging them i might change the minds of others
amazing, this is exactly my hope... we can't give up!!
and you're getting your asshole expanded thank you for your service rt : a woman who (cont)
fam it is 8:06am smfh
love this!!
she majorly owned it!!
other beers just don't stack up; those in ohio, columbus in particular, are far superior to everything else i've tasted lately.
if this teaches you anything, the beers that actually get distributed from a market aren't usually their best (see: columbus)
hey, i love you but no fucking way.
dis song thoo x
compassion, empathy &amp; where change begins.can we walk toward uncomfortable things? gorgeous stuff from
"can we walk towards the uncomfortable things?" is a great question. pema chdrn has really made me aspire to be more...
he should be allowed to address at both forums ;)
yes, it is his birth right.
what makes you think i don't do this?
ime, white allies are more likely to talk amongst themselves then be an actual part of our community.
dixoutforharambe
bish dm the pic u were supposed to give meh plz beb &lt;3
the match between myself and is up now. who watched?
now this was entertainment! incredible match. no losers in this one. well, except the one who lost.
i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
media props up hillary after weekend at bernies
let's form a of intelligent debate surrounding 2016! starting spreading today.
- very bad choice of words! please use something different. thanks!
if this teaches you anything, the beers that actually get distributed from a market aren't usually their best (see: columbus)
the best beers in nyc you can't get outside the city. think this is true for many markets.
your on a roll joe
was down to my last $100 too.
yep, my hotel's fire alarm sound is working quite well.
that's not the alarm, it's the finance guy from yesterday upset his date went poorly.
with no headphone jack
eh, i was never married to the headphone jack. idk why everyone is so mad about it.
enjoy your weekend dearest. hard work takes its toll on your pretty cat-) sending love to your family.
good morning and wishing you the same
ime, white allies are more likely to talk amongst themselves then be an actual part of our community.
and when i see "our community", i mean social circles where poc constitute the majority.
you know what to do.
need to send the kids to buffalo
as i mobilise people for riwind march pti na114 condemns terrorist attack on mosque in muhomnd agency instrong terms
it is a terrible happening that murderous death happen at prayer during eid.those souls will go straight to heaven.into god's arms
rahul gandhi wades into sp pariwar, says akhilesh yadav threw out the wheel of the punctured bicycle, but mulayam returned it.
why doesn't he marry so that he is mature enough to play a big role in politics
thank you for a great week my love. and love you girlfriend!
dinner w me &amp; jade you when the 3 of u hit
im fine with scary movies till i wake up in the middle of the night
aaand i woke up in the middle of the night
novak wins the ncygs &amp; not a single thought is spared that will always make me sad. even if delpo has been .
comeback player of the year!
ime, white allies are more likely to talk amongst themselves then be an actual part of our community.
and when i say "our community", i mean social circles where poc constitute the majority.
oh my god, fuck, you're right, we totally forgot to seek his tax returns!
to be clear, the only people "letting trump get away with not releasing his taxes" are voters.
burnt my sister with my flat iron this morning (accidentally of course) &amp; she's already not letting me live it down... so annoying
this is why y'all can't have nice things!! i'm hungry as hell...hurry up!
good morning have a lovely weekend everyone x
good morning christie
wow always violating me
how about you violating me in the group chat
just realised i look like a red traffic light.
did anyone stop when they were walking towards you?
hallo everyone!! have a fabulous saturday folks in whatever you are doing!!! xxxxxx
morning alice!
and when i say "our community", i mean social circles where poc constitute the majority.
if i'm way off base, i apologize. i've only ever known 1 person in my entire life who's overcome this boundary.
just arrived in texas - have been informed two officers have been shot. my thoughts and prayers are with them.
when are you coming to nj? afraid?
cuz losing $160 pair of specialized earbuds seems like a pain
been meaning to go bluetooth for a while now anyway. i definitely would lose air pods but there are lots of alternatives.
i hate coffee. i hate cold brew. i'm never drinking it again.
i'll probably have another today... but i still hate it. i drank it at 5pm.... it's 5am. coffee sux
i'am covered in the blood! if u r not, it's never 2 late 2 run 2 jesus! he'll get u covered! best insurance ever!
but if we walk in the light ... we have fellowsh.with 1 another +the blood of jesus christ his son cleanses us from all sin
had a whole lot of fun doing a bit of commentary during our intra-squad match the other day.
i can't get enough of the aussies accents
so excited to be apart of the first ever premier college tennis experience &amp; step show. s/o to...
you would make a great boxer, with your name
mark cuban offers trump $10 million for interview
does this fucking clown realize that the election is about the people &amp; not his ego &amp; protection of the bums in the establishment?
the day would not be complete if i didn't send at least one harry potter tweet
it's a daily ritual tbh
nick u ever show bob that video
there's a video fellas
how all meek fans feel right now
really tho when the last time you heard someone say "im listening to the game" - nobody cares about his washed up ass
trump's list of provable lies. w/
20 plus yr fan &amp; ur a now. ur hate for trump &amp; this so called lies, but lies aren't worse fool
hillary needs to move to mexico with kasich, jeb bush and mccain so they can rule over the people they love.
lmao i think you are so right ---- she doesn't give a shit about americans that's for sure !
done war crimes with the patronage of , thousands killed in 3 days 1982.
this was what made ariel sharon an absolute war criminal
justin played hockey in germany!
he's so cute i can't
guppies "firing off invisibly small bullets of sperm at the female's genital opening with their pistol-like anal fins." david attenborough.
this reminds me of drunkenly looking up how clams are born yesterday and wtf ocean folks are fucking weird
it's a joke, as i say every time, because we dislike the music that does play!!
it cracks me up that people don't get your jokes about the music!! it happens every weekend!
not true. coverage embargo until returns are released. press doesn't push enough. imagine outrage if hrc had not released.
you're a moron
jesus they tanked. the wind _never_ rebounded so they kept going. wx nerd's paradise.
. low temp in miller place, long island was 47.5, coolest temp since may 21st
worried clinton aims to win back millennials:
i guess she is going to get into the pockets of the american working taxpayers to give handouts &amp; happy endings to the gullible?
reminder that one time we shoved whiskey and beef bouillon up a president's butt until he died
trump is doing the same to america.
so fitz shoudn't be held accountable even tho he's never been in the playoffs &amp; he held out for extra $$
held out? he was a free agent my dude. fitz is the unquestioned qb &amp; leader
mass graves of palestinians after massacre done by zionist in september 1982.
ariel sharon got away w being a war criminal &amp; the ppl who aided him
that face
so hard to be mad at.
retired general: muslim brotherhood has infiltrated the us government [watch]
it will only get worse if clinton gets in office bc she wants to increase refugees by 500% americans need to stand up against it
haha same here seriously.
the story of my life
cnn's john king: "we got played again" by trump
just shows how desperate they are to catch trump's stray bullet to save the crooked lying hillary.
i woke up this morning at 6:00 am so mad thinking i had to go to work lol
me too smh like wtf
couldn't have said it better! forcing girls to finish food
forcing people to eat for nutritional reasons and not to waste &gt; making people bath outside. emma wins lol
good, but he's been lying in their faces and showing total contempt for their profession for a year straight.
front page ny times online called him a "liar" 4x. got to be a first in 165 years.
just shows how desperate they are to catch trump's stray bullet to save the crooked lying hillary.
she should have been used by samsung to test the durability of their phones
i think dr. drew is right, it's brain damage from surgery and the blood clot. he was fired for saying it.
yes pretty sad he lost his job w/cnn bc he was informing the public of a serious health issue
says, happy william carlos williams' birthday. this is from his poem, "to a man dying on his feet:" "do you want...
today is williams's birthday?
i swear, this is exact replica of the usual snl skit, where a cast member impersonating celebrity does non-apology.
life imitates art
smooth by santana ft rob thomas of matchbox twenty cascading down my chest in old english letters.
10/10 would purchase
to spread lies about dakota pipeline, oil industry invented a whole crew of fake people like "ashley lovinggood"
ashley just turned 35 and she can't do this anymore. one last tweet and she's going straight. she really will this time.
"if you keep a team to 60 and kick over 100 you'll win most games..." - thanks captain commentary.
i know right. genius.
your next assignment is to get steven cree and duncan lc to follow angus' angels.x.
where is duncan lately? hasn't been on twitter in awhile
when even cnn thinks something hillary says is ridiculous...
bill clinton has a birthday party only for wealthy liberal elitists. the crime family needs cash???
friday drop off
good for you alex!!! enjoy your beautiful family you desire it!!
pelosi: trump's bigotry, racism, misogyny isn't new, gop lawmakers have been saying it all along
gop loved trump doing their dirty work. no balls to do it themselves. you gop own trump now.
"do you know how to make cream brle? it would compliment everything perfectly" -some douche trying to sound fancy &amp; failing to his wife.
for those wondering, no she did not know how to make "cream brle" and they're settling for the pudding version of it.
so fitz shoudn't be held accountable even tho he's never been in the playoffs &amp; he held out for extra $$
he was the best player on the team this week. held accountable? what the hell are you talking about. geno sucks
bob gates: trump is 'beyond repair' | ap photo
these guys in the establishment don't like to be held accountable.
trump everyday is backing away from the wall, the birth certificate spent today promoting his new hotel? he thinks this election is a joke?
he really is not just playing with media to keep them misdirected
the world is reaping the consequences of the horrible choices of hillary and obama.
sadly voters made the wrong choice..
many palestinians mother lost their beautiful sons &amp; daughters.
nothing changes as we still arm israel to kill more children
wow barry! bullseye!
thanks, billy!
due high workload after strike strike there is a long wait but they will get to your errand soon //ak
i paid those costs a long time ago, its not very fair to customers that i 'loaned' sas more than $1000usd on a $200 ticket.
.: after 4 days' rest, hillary comes out with the same negativity
true. she immediately attacks truth, still offers no feasible path to successful governance.
daily reminder that hillary suffered a brain injury so severe she used it as an excuse not to answer fbi questions.
she's already setting the groundwork for her reasons to lie to american people for campaign promises she wont keep
holdout (wrong phrase) but if he's gonna be praised when he does well he's gotta be held accountable when he fails
none of that is relevant . you said geno should start. you were wrong. get behind fitz &amp; move on
i am at a crossroads. i want ice cream but i dont want to overeat and have a stomach ache.
always pick ice cream. always.
can you please send us an e-mail to helpdesk.ch with your user-id so that we can check this. many thanks!
. actually i prefer not having paid anything. thanks!
holdout (wrong phrase) but if he's gonna be praised when he does well he's gotta be held accountable when he fails
of course he's held accountable 70% of nfl fans / analysts thinks he sucks
5sos answering 's question during soundcheck yesterday
*parent reads over shoulder* "they seem like complete idiots" yep they do
i do not trust ppl who do not use the oxford comma
i allow its omission in certain colloquial situations, but not when it makes the sentence unclear.
via : imagine if mitt romney were president amid this economic news
if obama was a republican mt. rushmore would be renamed mt. obama.
wow,out stripped the pigs, platypusses and bears?good for dr duck.
the other animals are not happy.
yooooo the devil's rejects is my jam.
awesome! i've got a whole menu of audition tapes, plus- you're just... just gonna watch hbo again, huh?
disagree - flip flopper line of attack really falls flat in all testing. this further lends to bombastic/ unqualified narrative.
i think the key is to focus on "he's unstable and irresponsible" rather than "he might get me killed"
a hot coffee in 1 hand, an iced latte in the other hand. today is going to be a long day. never drinking again
i knew this tweet was coming
before taking stage lincoln took, contemplative at for
love this photo
what's the source for this?
i received it from levada from their regular email list. i can forward you the email if you like. should be in their site too
yes merica shows true colors &amp; selling out america 2 on tpp! we were right about him,jeb, romney!
when corruption is accepted as business as usual in politics..we are the losers..vote 4 change.
remember these 4 beautiful faces lost, due to the actions of illegal immigrants, at the polls nov. 8th
yes thank you along with every person that's been killed or violated by an illegal alien ! usa safety first
one of those nights where i cannot settle my thoughts. having a really difficult time with everything right now. prayers appreciated.
will keep you in prayer new friend. you have already demonstrated great faith! praise god!
kudos to and for calling a lie a lie on front page
but how is it this wasn't disqualifying from get-go? he promoted fantasy 4 five yrs
where can we watch the show ? it's not out yet ?
working on it-stay tuned
a transgender soldier is the first woman on the british army's frontline
that is not a woman but a man, haven't you seen what he looks like
there is no such thing as a "false truth"... that's a complete oxymoron.
our hearts tell us otherwise.
goooood morning
i feel refreshed
what's going on with america's white people?
the elites on the left are turning against whites on purpose to fuel their exploitation of the race card.
home.. now 4 hours of sleep before heading to madrid for 4every1 festival
waiting for rave in the river in zaragoza... it will be the best night of my life "music is our life, music is our escape"
it'll be beautiful in like 6 hours. too chilly right now for my liking.
no no no this is great, i open my windows and cuddle up under all my blankets loll
how can christians favor trump, who put sick infant's life in jeopardy for money? exodus 22:22 matt 7:9-10 &amp; 15:26
because calling yourself a christian means nothing. your acts determine who you really are. look in the mirror america.
i do not trust ppl who do not use the oxford comma
in other words, is a bad for the country, panders to worst instincts and he sucks.
clinton camp: trump's talk of disarming clinton's bodyguards "should be out of bounds"
how about disqualifying? who says "enough is enough?"
it's insane. he is from a horrific area too. east st. louis. i rooted for him. he was in an actual movie too, van wilder.
such a big time talent. i remember he was really close to committing to st johns.
democrats want bernie sanders to replace hillary
he was a pawn in democratic race against hillary and now a sell out for cash..
are tommy and henry really together in the show or is all about the fics? thank youu
you'll have to tune in to find out :)
it's too early for a gyno appt on a saturday
but that reminds me that i need to schedule my next one
the elites on the left are turning against whites on purpose to fuel their exploitation of the race card.
the fast paced social engineering, disrespect for flags and other symbols is a slap in the face to raise hunger.
one tremendous week put the yankees back in the playoff race. one dreadful week is making them longshots yet again.
it's not a coincidence that they are losing to the red sox. just a much better team.
hillary calls trump original 'birther', but her campaign actually started it in 2008.
her campaign reflects her desperation.
wells fargo warned workers against sham accounts, but 'they needed a paycheck'
i tutored a student in a business class. he had a video on being an entrepreneur &amp; it included the line "any way to make a buck"
its a low bar, he was a disaster, one of the worst presidents in history if not the worst. but he did not go there when he could have.
nixon was worse.
because he picks a radical homophobe for vice president
the church in louisiana he donated to was identified by southern poverty law center as lgbt hate group
love that! what do you use to publish or do you just share folders within the school?
using google classtoom to manage ss who serve as techsperts during different classes. even have a high school intern!
the fast paced social engineering, disrespect for flags and other symbols is a slap in the face to raise hunger.
the left is all about power only and they really don't give a shit about the results. look at venezuela.
cnn's corey lewandowski calls for president obama to apologize to donald trump for "the incendiary things he's said"
lol are you serious , is this a trick question ?!
the first-ever instant camera from , the sofort, is packed with great features
i am 100% buying that.
if you want to be a millionaire, start with a billion dollars and launch a new airline.- richard branson
love that quote, always makes me laugh!
anti-abortion activists can't count on trump. so they're getting creative.
trump could rip apart the social fabric of this country. it would take an extraordinary leader to put it back together again.
horrifying photos show how children are dying of hunger in socialist venezuela
somebody better do something, this is the western wrd
ohhhh wrd i deleted that vid, but bro it dead been 7yrs since he been gone time is flyin
son who u telling u think he gon hop straight bac in the studio ?
the left is all about power only and they really don't give a shit about the results. look at venezuela.
the hacks in the media realize that their survival rests with handouts from the left and lost all integrity.
are the best band in the world... love xx
i love when you share music with us ash!!!!
read the sexist email that got this univ. of richmond frat suspended
this mentality in young men is scary. i wonder what their parents think of this message.
dude, i just checked my calendar, happy belated birthday bb! sorry i'm so late. love you tons
thank yoouuuu no problem at all, don't worry bae! i'm happy you thought about me
because it is so utterly foreign to the composite of man, it's become an artificial amalgam held together through violence.
so true...it is simply the only way to prop the whole corporate-state tyranny...assassinations, prisons, war, police state
naw gurl really she told on hey queen it was an act for tv. cali94612 sit down and let the adults speak
if it's an act then why is she caring on? it's a reality show &amp; competition why are u to dumb to realize that?
. tells miami crowd take away clinton's "bodyguards" and let's see what happens to her. what?? and they both have usss
msm is this not an outrageous statement to make from a presidential candidate?????? who does this?
black pastor tells msnbc host joy reid that hillary started the 'birther' movement. reid flips out!"
they prop up hillary
remember these 4 beautiful faces lost, due to the actions of illegal immigrants, at the polls nov. 8th
yes thank you ! we all need to remember nov 8th all the people illegal imm have killed or violated ! american safety first
the hacks in the media realize that their survival rests with handouts from the left and lost all integrity.
otherwise shit like you wouldn't be exploiting race here. the next world war will bring the cowards home.
"donald trump's birther event is the greatest trick he's ever pulled"
or birther in chief is proud of.this being his biggest achievement? he's a liar and a conman.
the youngest comedian ever to get his own special - ahead on saturday
great segment. brilliant.
if he stops playing video games for you you know he's a good one
i will, heretofore, be favoriting all tweets about this subject. you've been warned
100s of reporters and pundits putting stupidity on display. clinton/friends started birther in 2007.proof all over the web
media props up hillary
i love that will clark is in the ' dugout. he has "winner" energy
he will stank eye you to death
question of the day: who do you think won the week? trump or clinton?
president trump..
can you tell me more about this or any resources. we r looking to start this? thanks so much!
ss filled out application. making websites and to share info w peers and faculty. have own twitter
" has its first all- show": me: just wondering, are niqabs , and after that?
considering some of the other crap that gets lauded as fashion, i'm not surprised.
need a night out
i always invite you out and you never come
5am, i just got home from feature dancing. it's not as easy as everyone thinks, however, i love the stage!
may i give you a massage beautiful and a cup of tea to relax you
also for reference it doesn't say new york "city" in empire state of mind it says simply new york.
yeah i figured she might have tacked that on in her memory
why candy corn???? why??? it's the worst candy ever!!!!
why candy cocktails at all? so many better ways to celebrate the spirit of halloween!
horrifying photos show how children are dying of hunger in socialist venezuela
why isn't the clinton foundation helping them out w/all the millions ?? isn't that what they profess to do ?all lies
bette midler is playing dolly in the revival of hello dolly my heart is racing this is the best day of my life
check out like and share our facebook page
love this article with 2 of my favorite and
thank you, dear!
can you tell me more about this or any resources. we r looking to start this? thanks so much!
managing library makerspace and technology. brag tag system to empower learning.
you look beautiful and i really like your glasses!
awh thank you!!:)
lol for all my communists out there
i'm not certain how to read this but dialectical materialism ftw
now why am i traveling from manhattan to brooklyn?
even on the printed calendar i was so graciously offered
i'm so excited for hello dolly but at the same time the amda dance program has ruined half the music for me
check out like and share our facebook page
with as little as 5% going toward actually helping folks. hillary for prison 2016
and if hillary really belonged in prison, the right is utterly incompetent. been trying for 30 yrs
literally my brain
it's a 24-hour batch extraction of images from old files so...it literally is your brain, yep
one of my all time faves
his immediate impact was to add heart and soul...he and lafontaine could have been the second cup generation
song requests for my party?
pick up the phone
wtf is going on lol
for real tho i actually really like that movie too
if hillary can't ? 48% 22% 14% rasmussen voter
we do not need anymore career political crooks in office..
rex ryan winning is unbearable. rex ryan losing is pure joy. fingers crossed the free-fall continues.
and to think i wanted him as coach of the dolphins ...
wanna go to the mike tango memorial clean empire meet tonight but school work is the way
dumbest thing i've heard all week school is important but cars is more importantanter
i feel like it's a white dude singing, from what i'm recalling. like a young hipster-y one. does this help.
chainsmokers has a new york city song
same exxon owned by rockefeller's? same rockefeller's behind zika, eugenics movement,and pipelines?
goes to show the native american communities are right ...stop the pipelines .
otherwise shit like you wouldn't be exploiting race here. the next world war will bring the cowards home.
the left is manipulating obama to give millions to iran. iran will buy nuclear weapons &amp; technology from nk/ china
i just threw up in my mouth. she's a traitor to our country and a giant security risk
so why didn't any of the plethora of investigations find anything worthy of a felony. doesnt exist.
good morning, time zone! good evening, east! get a little more shut eye, west! ... 'sup australia i see you
do you like the feeling of different time zones
now it can be told: cnbc anchor bill griffeth got the shock of his life after a simple dna test
so interesting, good of bill 4 sharing all this in his book, looking forward to reading,bill's a good soul.
1. you'll struggle to find someone more politically aware. 2. i agree with him that comparing him to hitler is outrageous
he's a shock jock! his mentality is to get a rise out of people because that's the only way he stays relevant
i just threw up in my mouth. she's a traitor to our country and a giant security risk
and try some pepto, you might feel better.
i could also give out a program to help random people. but i won't, because i respect those who actually work for their things.
respect! haters always comment on pic w/ 100 pairs of limited kix talking nonsense &amp; have nerve to ask retail pr w/o putting in work!
this batter is very sexy.
if you like my batter, and you think it's sexy, come on baby let me know. if you really need it just reach out and taste it
my assistant manager waltzes in 17 minutes late,clocks in,then turns back around,heads outside for a cigarette for another 13 minutes!
gotta love people who are in a position. smh
good morning, time zone! good evening, east! get a little more shut eye, west! ... 'sup australia i see you
waking up in california!
the left is manipulating obama to give millions to iran. iran will buy nuclear weapons &amp; technology from nk/ china
iran will start a skirmish with the us or saudi to be able to drop a nuclear bomb in israel.
pretty sure i'm in the minority, but i love the new home button.
i've heard more positive than bad and i for one love it!
alumnus will burton will play ambrose kemper in hello, dolly! it's the 59th broadway show to include a cccepa grad.
congrats! check out like and share our facebook page
bill proposes we let syrians take over detroit, trump destroys him with this: bill is as out of touch as
dems didn't rehabilitate detroit4 the benefit of its residents, but 4 syrian immigrs ready to turn over city.
1. you'll struggle to find someone more politically aware. 2. i agree with him that comparing him to hitler is outrageous
also he might not have murdered ny1 yet. but with his bigotry, racial hate filled bull shit he will indirectly be responsible!
tried running windowed fullscreen?
weird replies there one from each account! haha
chainsmokers has a new york city song
gonna have to cancel bkbf you are booked
let me know when trumps actions kill people. cluster bombs, benghazi. etc....
thank g-d, trump never had real power. he's a two-bit silver, spooned con-man who is bad @ business
i'm way too excited about this perfect hello dolly cast.
check out like and share our facebook page
also he might not have murdered ny1 yet. but with his bigotry, racial hate filled bull shit he will indirectly be responsible!
he also has some pretty similar political views to hitler!
no doubt. maybe the worst move dombrowski's made and he only gave up pat light
they don't always work out. data said it was a good trade. player hasn't fulfilled his part.
donald trump goes after a flint pastor who interrupted him for bringing up clinton in church
biased media props up hillary
it was a joooke
lmao this ass?
iran will start a skirmish with the us or saudi to be able to drop a nuclear bomb in israel.
north korea will start a skirmish with south korea to justify a reason to drop a nuclear bomb in japan.
nation's largest {militarized} police union endorses trump
the pd wants to keep shooting whoever they want and trump will approve.
i could also give out a program to help random people. but i won't, because i respect those who actually work for their things.
meanwhile they're just jealous they don't have the plug to get 200 sbbs bc they just started "selling" yet the ppl w/ the hooks work!
the bushes are helping the clintons today. kasich is rallying for obama. i'm glad everyone's cards on are the table.
all holding "dead men's hands". reshuffle.
. george arliss and a few other stars also shot back at dreiser a month later --&gt;
thanks so much! i found the original article, but not the response!
i feel like it's a white dude singing, from what i'm recalling. like a young hipster-y one. does this help.
tmbg's "new york city"?
not everyone is built like a super model but society is just as destructive by saying "being overweight is ok, as long as you love yourself"
you can be overweight and still be healthy though so
hip hop icon michel'le breaks her silence in upcoming lifetime movie
good because it's always 3 sides to every story the right,the wrong and the truth
idiot faces like these make me worry trump has a shot.
trump can not get more than 42% no matter what.
the sound from the 7's two speakers is louder and way better at not sounding like a tin can. some actual low-end coming through
what did you upgrade from?
what kind of secretary of state would sell 20% of our uranium to russia in exchange for donations?
bill &amp; hillary together accomplished such a tragedy in the name of $ &amp; bill made millions to speak there too
problem with liberties taken in new snowden movie: chris inglis on npr ripping it to shreds, like it's a stand-in for real .
so now debate changes, and exaggerations/falsehoods in oliver stone movie will start to become attributed to himself.
north korea will start a skirmish with south korea to justify a reason to drop a nuclear bomb in japan.
and we are sucked into a world war that the leftist through obama &amp; hillary made sure we not prepared for.
union square in a gorgeous day.
how come i can't edit my twit? it is union square on a gorgeous day not in...
female baseball fans took exception to a new york times tweet and review of "pitch."
as well we should. good lord, it's 2016... we shouldn't have to prove we're fans.
: 2 ofcrs shot, in stable condition- 1 female sgt &amp; 1 male police ofcr. 1 suspect dead, per
unfortunately more of this if hillary is elected!!
i... i more or less entirely agree with this matt taibbi column.
the broader issue is, there is no "the media" anymore. it's so fragmented.
this is top ten jokes of mine this year thanks
glad to be here for u
we can't let this criminal win. we need donald trump. #
biased politicians and press prop hillary up..
and we are sucked into a world war that the leftist through obama &amp; hillary made sure we not prepared for.
millions of our sons &amp; daughters will be sacrificed while obama is playing golf and hillary is grasping for oxygen.
read up on that med. its not helping anyone.
so because i disagree with you, i'm on meds? wtf is wrong with you? learn to have a dialogue.
folks, we will never see those wall st. transcripts. the peasants must be kept ignorant.
both are corrupted
the broader issue is, there is no "the media" anymore. it's so fragmented.
so there is no gatekeeping. if there's demand for some content and you refuse to make it, someone else will.
hello, dolly! coming to from - our listing:
check out like and share our facebook page
also politifact has a habit of rating republicans poorly. american politics is hugely polarising.
the real problem with politifact is it doesn't measure true honesty...it measures ability to keep facts straight.
when your son sleeps through the night for the first time in a while
what do you do while he's asleep
millions of our sons &amp; daughters will be sacrificed while obama is playing golf and hillary is grasping for oxygen.
mark my words.
put them on your christmas list
love them! getting a pair for sis?
also: james bay's lyric: "leave it to the breeze" sounds like an idiom that has been translated from another language into english.
hey, blame it on the rain, man
the broader issue is, there is no "the media" anymore. it's so fragmented.
really? so are all gone?
even on the printed calendar i was so graciously offered
woah the calendar itself as well its almost like this was supposed to be an accessible means of assistance
so there is no gatekeeping. if there's demand for some content and you refuse to make it, someone else will.
media will consist of whatever consumers want it to. incumbent firms will do what they want or be supplanted by new firms.
light has also sucked
that helps for sure. trade was justifiable. abad has been true to his name. better to whiff on a trade of marginal impact
this is what happens when we
that was glorious.
drop rishard. sharpe &amp; walker are the 2 passing weapons for ten. wheaton should be the wr for big ben once healthy
i agree. i hate having two sf players though. crappy offense. made the move for wheaton
so there is no gatekeeping. if there's demand for some content and you refuse to make it, someone else will.
another apology for the pathetic job the media (you included) have handled the election.
what's the uptime on love tho
i run love in the cloud
to each their own but for me don't disrespect the efforts i've put into self improvement by telling me i'm blessed.
the redskins are
anybody has an idea who selling good cases for iphones that aren't bulky
but not sure if they make cases for men
bringing the farm to the city for kids! sept 17th
any extra tickets?
media will consist of whatever consumers want it to. incumbent firms will do what they want or be supplanted by new firms.
exception is non-market media: nonprofits and vanity projects w/ rich backers. but money can only make these exist, it can't force audience.
i respect you but this literally makes no sense. we have had two parties and thrived. proto fascists? not so much
ron fournier and mathew dowd. the bush stench can not be just washed away in detroit.
the capitalist overlords want social stress to be safely release via tv, drugs, mindless entertainment the real solution is mass revolt.
start with organized boycott of all major corporations...transfer $$$ out of system &amp; establish parallel economy. root of it
happy birthday to my fave pain in the butt! miss you (&amp; the poof) a tons!can't wait to see u soon
i love you so much thanks girlie!
ikr? i'm about to "position" my middle finger up her ass!!
lmfao omg that truly made me laugh. you're awesome.
victory! verizon's really sh*tty building is finally getting a makeover
just saw it yesterday. it's about time.
"god is greater than the highs and the lows"
this is so awsome !
1. why am i awake 2. someone please take me to waffle house
mmmmmmm waffles
i... i more or less entirely agree with this matt taibbi column.
drug dealers make similar defenses of their roles too.
how was it?
kdlang was phenomenal. what a voice !!
but not sure if they make cases for men
is good too
matthew, these tweets; we need to talk. my god, matthew. my god.
ron fournier and mathew dowd. the bush stench can not be just washed away in detroit.
missed this aaron rodgers interview with bill simmons a few weeks ago, a lot to think about here:
what in the living hell
. if you agree, then you agree media should just give us what we want instead of what's important to report. ratings/clicks?
your reading comprehension is poor.
mark my words.
and by the way, at that point where obama was really born doesn't matter, global warming has been passed by meltdown
do you really think tax returns would make a difference after russian ties, profiting off charities &amp; all the rest? no way.
in the end hrc has to be a better candidate. bottle that convention message. that seemed to work.
trump revives creepy clinton gun threat: disarm her bodyguards 'let's see what happens'
he will never stop being a racist, sexist lying scumbag because it's coded in his dna.
meet the fetts... meet the fetts... step right up and greet the fetts...
can i love this twice!!!
random, but my wife and i saw a jellyfish on the beach the other night and it glowed when a guy stepped on it.
yes, they all do that and it's fun af when there is a mass death of them and they wash up at night
out of curiosity, since i am still buying gear, what does the screen do for the recording? i'm still a freshman in vo. :p
stops the ps from popping &amp; such. softens asperation
but i had time to kill until the next caltrain, so i just waited it out at the apple store. total restore took about 30 minutes.
i restored from itunes once i got home. will bring macbook to store with me next year.
this is seriously great. could you imagine kenny williams or rick hahn doing this? spoiler: they wouldn't.
it was awesome anyway but that shirt it just too great. what a message to his team.
rt steph93065: when people like austin douchebag tell us trumps plan will cause recession, i get flashbacks to him telling us obamacare was...
it all started with bill clinton repealing glass steagall act for cash so citibank could buy travelers ins.
yes, they all do that and it's fun af when there is a mass death of them and they wash up at night
this might seem crass but fuck those things
gonna assume one of those transnational lost in translation things
you didn't see invictus? not a bad flick.
the child wants me to play song that says "hhmm hmm hmm in new york city" but i've tried obvious ones and it's not it what it is hivemind
i guess the lord must be in new york city by harry nilsson?
hey, that's great until the majority decides they can take them away.
take a gander at article iii. people vest power in the system as defined, not simple majority rule.
happy batman day you crumpet-loving son of a bitch
the crumpet was a villainess in tv show. she wore bikini bottom with crumpet pasties. appeared in 3 episodes. stole flour.
i'm far from misogynistic, but hillary is the reason why some men hate women.
says i am not mysogenistic then proceeds to be mysgenistic
i honestly never seen this blue eyes &amp; wow he was so damn gorgeous &amp; hot
so incredibly gorgeous and such a great actor. not to mention his charitable foundation.
never forget - dec 1998 was impeached. young voters need to know of this national embarrassment
sadly corrupt government covered for him...
the child wants me to play song that says "hhmm hmm hmm in new york city" but i've tried obvious ones and it's not it what it is hivemind
arthur's theme by christopher cross?
exception is non-market media: nonprofits and vanity projects w/ rich backers. but money can only make these exist, it can't force audience.
incidentally, there is a lot of market demand for high quality news. consumer dominance does not mean everything is stupid.
today i am a champion! i don't really understand. but today call me champ!
lol it's the nickname for new zealand's team
whoever is attending this money grab/birthday needs to be shot off into space
shows their true colors cash over anything...
really? just really? how much is the price of a soul today?
soul + conway = oxymoron
4 years of this is going to be fucking hilarious.
good news: double the fun! it'll actually be 8 years of this.
it's time for donald trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee.
ok. release the transcripts of your speeches to your puppeteers on wall st. i'm 100% for complete transparency from all.
this is how you cover trump: he lied for 5 years, continues to lie.
well and good, but it's only 1 day, the game here is repetition, day after day after day after day. they'll drop it
privilege has benefits. you can look at trump and see two-parties as biggest threat and trump as historical bump.
ron fournier and mathew dowd. the bush stench can not be just washed away in detroit.
incidentally, there is a lot of market demand for high quality news. consumer dominance does not mean everything is stupid.
but there is also a lot of demand for news that is frivolous or that confirms ideological priors at the expense of truth.
if a room full of decorated war heroes were endorsing hillary do you think the media would have covered it? like the super bowl.
when trump wins election, the sounding bell 4the demise of the msm will begin. no way for them to rehabilitate.
i'm disappointed- williams is a great coach! love but his brilliance should be courtside!
i'm guessing the extensive travel of coaching would wear on a single parent.
only the father can bro
that's the actual paternity test
i wanna go apple picking right now
like at 8:44 in the morning
when our "dem" prez is working overtime to pass tpp the republican option doesn't seem quite so bad.
bill clinton showed us democratic party taken by wall st long time ago...nafta ultimate signal we were duped
the cubs and indians are on a collision course
it's a shame that the collapsed like they did. although we were the wild card in 2014 and won .
i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
no honey its you who are the disaster
well said ! you captured the essence of the only marine national monument in the atlantic!
thanks jane! i'm very excited about it.
they did have a gambling room. i lost a $120 and went back to partying. good thing i had my flask.
dice or poker, &amp; i don't mean that hold'em bullshiite!
i really appreciate the not blocking the bike lane, but could you do it with a smaller truck next time?
i have every confidence that there's a non divisible load in there. surely no one would so boldly flout the law!
where'd you all go?
we just went to a pub in the east village!
loved raheem. . .
hard not to like the guy. great dude
i started around noon and didn't pace myself.
i guessed as much ha ha. you going out tonight?
faulkner and hemingway: sharing the stage at the faulkner studies center: hemingway famously huffed: "poor f...
quite competitive!
i... i more or less entirely agree with this matt taibbi column.
the fact that hordes of mouth breathing idiots demand incompetent dishonesty doesn't excuse same.
head fix fmri device replaces subject identically at visit 2, improving replication
and when not in the magnet....
your starting to sound like a traitor. p.s. it's very different! lol
give me 2 differences other then no headphone jack and camera lol
still hasn't quit lying...
she will never leave as long as she can get $$$
near my hotel, along my walk into this park this morning. @ amsterdam, netherlands
yeah - looks like you're having fun. love all the bikes
what makes up the tetra?
contextual dependent. in marketing edges are "conversations"
sooo i watched it and it was madddd creepy lol
i think this season is gonna be amazing. i didn't like the last 2 as much
nice that the trump campaign finally accepts fact obama was born in hawaii. however, it continues to insist don ho is a kenyan....
hawaii kenya - same place
philadelphia police say a gunman who shot two officers and four civilians is dead.
can we have the gender, race, political affiliation, past!contributions to society and professional career of the piece of shit?
what makes up the tetra?
the "target market" (ugh) is within the octohedron in the middle.
it is so sad to me what an asshole this man proves himself to be each and every day. i am so sad for our country. how embarrassing.
what do you make of the polls that show your viewers support trump?
not really?? what about me
haha you're totally right! cant wait to see you and and tonight!!! :)
the church and homosexuality
wow! u r right on, brother!
it's time for donald trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee.
i agree, but i think it may be time to focus on your positives over his negatives
birther days at least got press to accept they must say the junk trump says is a lie. progress in defeating false equivalence
ouch. feel your pain!
hrc got two gifts today: no gary johnson in debate and birtherism to turn out the base and get d's to come home (from johnson )
was this also a gift?
in space, kate rubins discusses cancer research on . watch:
jill stein and other clinton supporters terrorizing santa cruz youth with wonders of child mentality.
next was (is) amazing. you might enjoy this one, too, i'm thinking:
wow! a hp-9000 712/100 pa-risc!!
i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
robert gates is a true public servant and a patriot. that's why trump understands nothing about him.
haha do you think there's still value in seeing their thought process behind it or are those projections mostly useless?
totally useless
yeah i think 2 more weeks of cali and then i'm tell my mama i'm ready to come home. lol cali you been good
what are you doing there anyway bro?
no need to get a big head about it
because you have a big head. get it?
it comes from purpose... like debate, communication and sharing.
today's sculpture :-)
drug dealers make similar defenses of their roles too.
blocked for this?
lowkey love logan huntzberger idc
i love him in all the keys, no shame
better to have a target than have no target at all
i never give them value tho so for me actually a negative signal to see them
your personal favorite rocky horror cast recording. which is it? i recall at the time not having heard it (so i may have by now).
i don't remember what i said then, but probably the roxy cast. (thad the first american recording from los angeles.)
wow congrats!!
thanks!!!!!
i don't remember what i said then, but probably the roxy cast. (thad the first american recording from los angeles.)
i also really like the original australian and new zealand albums.
al gore, hillary's last chance, is epitomy of obama's failed green agenda.80 billion went 4 his electric car mfd in finland (jobs for finns)
(2) the only 1 who made a fortune was al gore.typical of hillary 2 use him n enforce what is her mantra: more of the same.
when you follow , new dnc chief of staff on twitter.
i love this.
amen? folks dont forget we're commercial free!
right on!!! nothing! &amp; nothing can separate us from his
words have meaning: respectfully dear anchors on other networks: let's not call what did today a "news conference."
well it certainly is if you compare it to what calls one, which is often none at all!!!!
thank you for the update. have you reset the network settings? *nrt
i haven't. shows verizon as network. verizon 24.1 as carrier.
i remember watching the olympics and thinking the 2 pats would be the backbone for the next wave. that never came.
a year earlier they could have saved the isles...too many banged up bodies by the time they arrived.
it wasn't a scare ~ it was a concern
good. tell them.
cticu visibility wall -
your wall is next! let's roll.
life is good!
will i be seeing you at viva calle tomorrow?
i'm preview and i don't see the option :(
i'm not in preview anymore so dunno
in case you were wondering how much 's life sucks, his day started w/me laughing hysterically @ this:
(which i've seen approx. 1.56 bamillion-jillion times, but, c'mon - it's a classic.)
that's a good puppy
he became liquid and i had to squish him back into my lap.
ok nashville enough is enough. golf carts, horse carriages, pedal taverns, duck boats, party buses, &amp; now tractors!
thst picture was taken on the sidewalk of the !! i love
theres no escape. we will always be friends. im obsessed with you.
i'm a bit confused as to your point. perhaps you'd be interested in an email exchange? follow and dm me.
always learning! .-) cc
insatiable curiosity and being able to :-) does it every time. your pictures have given me some ideas for next sculpture :-)
for a potential bae, these questions are are wild. i'd run away.
yeah this is definitely stuff to learn over the long term, imagining asking some of these on a first date is pretty funny
between him and maddon they both really "get it." it's refreshing to see.
it's not given enough credit as a factor of a winning &amp; championship organization.
i suppose raising the specter of clinton being assassinated is a way to move on from the birther discussion.
i suppose it's hypocritical to tell americans they can't have guns but to keep them for her own team. no?
morocco has always been on my goals list!!
girl yes. i went in january one of my favorites and i want to go again. so when we goin? lol
wings 12s sz 8.5 d's cash or d's trades
selling all 7 of these pairs in a bundle? if so. what's the pr?
sanders says trump's campaign is "about bigotry." he's right.
when life is hard people show their true nature, e.g., the germans &amp; hitler. what's scary is that today things are not that bad
thank u. it's honestly a miracle that my mom is alive and well today. ppl gotta realize that stuff is real
wow. it's crazy how many stories like these there are. truly, thank goodness your mom survived.
this is the level of petty i'm at
you with your ice cream ???
but everyone loves you
naaaaoooo they don't! but you're the best
does he understand that's not a compliment???
sadly i don't think he does.
so, you admit to being a racist, bigoted, xenophobic loser, eh?
of course. i'm proud of it btw thank you. you proved my point about liberals
i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
. say anything poor judgement greedy
"barack obama was born in america plain and simple and donald trump owes him and the america people an apology." clinton says
really amazing, why trump is winning. people like you simply can't treat him fairly. he admits birth, now you want apology????
best podcast going
...glad you enjoyed it my brother !
clinton wants to give jobs to syrian refuges.
y didn't they help residents rebuild detroi?. must be a gimmick for the clintons. help syrians before americans.
the only thing zombie's ever had going for him as a director is occasionally striking visuals. his apex was lords of salem. his nadir is 31.
told you! and i really really like lords of salem
but there is also a lot of demand for news that is frivolous or that confirms ideological priors at the expense of truth.
people who want smart news will always be able to get it. what we've lost is the ability to force it on people who want something dumber.
"the intellectual yet idiot" added the iyi has been wrong on stalinism, gmos, iraq, libya, syria, lobotomies,
with that, i ask in earnest which, if any, of the founding fathers were intellectual yet idiots? also, is the condition reversible?
birtherism is to trump's political rise what his loan from his father is to his business success. it is what made him. he can never deny it.
umm, he just did deny it. he confirmed obama's birth in usa and you attack him for it. that is really lame.
i have my monthly from my moms house so he was like oh $3 and i was like o i'm only going to huntington not penn! and he was
like its a different zone still more money. and i was like ok do you take card because i don't have cash. and he was like yeah
"quantitative measures of arts quality" now we will finally know which art is good! (h/t )
through a freak accident, videogames are the superior art! oh noooooo
national fraternal order of police endorses trump based on "commitment" to law enforcement
. trump a law and order candidate?
this is my nabe -- heard the choppers + sirens last night :/ :/ :/
truly frightening
hillary hillary hillary. there's no comparison. none.
glad you had such an easy decision. :)
good morning. hope all is well.
morning brandon. all is good just relaxing before work. hope all is good your way as well. have a great saturday
like its a different zone still more money. and i was like ok do you take card because i don't have cash. and he was like yeah
but actually this isn't your train ticket and i was like yes it was and he was like ok hold on i have to get a dif person to
please check your uplay inbox for access to the best closed alpha of all time!
i don't see anything for shootmania 2
patty with the two quick goals in game 5 of the finals. but the rest of them were just too battered
butchie missed on a breakaway..oilers scored soon after and it was over. nhl plotted against the isles
people who want smart news will always be able to get it. what we've lost is the ability to force it on people who want something dumber.
and that's bad for society, but i doubt much can be done about it.
but actually this isn't your train ticket and i was like yes it was and he was like ok hold on i have to get a dif person to
scan your card. and then he just never came back hahahahahahhahah
it's time for donald trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee.
it's time for you to disclose the tens of thousand of emails you are hiding. it's time you to disclose all your medicals!!!
patty with the two quick goals in game 5 of the finals. but the rest of them were just too battered
chnaged format to 2-3-2
very happy with the person i have become
very happy with the person you are
you left out attacking the pope, insulting pow's, mocking a person with a disability, saying founded isis...
bring it, paul. i believe trump said the mexicans got to the pope first.
the cool thing with comedy is no matter how arduous it gets, people less deserving will quit to work for a newspaper in montana or something
yeah but you'd make that paper in montana funny as hell.
you belong in the basket of deplorables based on sheer ignorance. the fact that you can breed, makes the world a worse place.
you think hrc is honest and i'm ignorant, hahaha, trump is flawed, hrc is atrocious and a criminal and go fuck yourself
"cats are great, wine is good, and people are crazy" - an original quote by me
you said nahla not cats
for the end of a long week, river landscape seen through trees by cornelis vroom, who died otd in 1661.
what a great name! vroom! vroom! (pretty good painter, too.)
there's a lot wrong with lords of salem, but the last 20 minutes makes up for most of it.
ah you meant salem, yes, agreed. even when it doesn't work the visuals and yes even audio shit is interesting
and that's bad for society, but i doubt much can be done about it.
especially bc declining trust in media is partly about people being annoyed that "traditional" outlets confirm their priors insufficiently.
oh i won't be there until mid oct
oh great! i will message you!
what better way to spend a saturday? electric trolling motor ftw.
glad to see you enjoying the finer things. you should tell us about your adventures on the podcast!
this profile of yvon chouinard, the co-founder of patagonia, is absolutely wonderful.
i mean, what a dude. starts as a celebrated climber, stumbles into building a billion-dollar business.
happy birthday mom!
thank you! i have such a wonderful son
mike yung - unchained melody now available on itunes .felt good get out of the subway this week. bless.
bought it. love it. so happy!
solution: 1) chefs will stop serving feedlot beef 2) carbon ranching will replace feedlots 3) will beat feedlots
what will happen to ranchers then?
i apologize for the bad experience. are you having issues over wifi or a direct connection? ^cd
wifi. every morning says i am connected but no websites load until i restart the modem.
its ok to recognize that you're just not regular. your accomplishments aren't that relatable anymore. you're doing things at a higher level.
i think even recognizing that you as an individual is not regular is important.
it's thursday, september 15th, 2016 and did you know henrik lundqvist is overrated because he lost a world cup exhibition game?
no that's not the reason. billy smith and marty brodeur won cups
17 beers on draft, plus ping pong &amp; shuffleboard? we are feeling the new taproom from !
but will there be live music events?
this is complete bullshit.
pbs taken over by corporate long ago...part of nwo...not "public" interest of control any more
libtards at work.
giving trump the environment to rape is = scratch off ticket. oops, you just got cancer. better luck next time.
waddup nyc bathroom floors-oh how ive missed your nasty ass ...
welcome to my hometown. would love to do an interview. interested? please follow back to dm you details. strictly professional.
2-3-2 format. i will forever think they set it up so a certain team would win and another would go away.
removed home ice advantage from a weary team. oilers were peaking but they were given an advantage
the thing i like about this matt taibbi piece is the consistency of his argument:
the new refrain from the media that it's the people's fault and they're just giving them what they reeks of cowardice
so my driver decided he didn't want to take me to my destination but he accepted my request, if you want his info i've got it
uber always fucking up. i swear they hire crackheads
tripped over this band &amp;beckett last night it was their first gig together
great little gem of a bookstore/performance space.
the planet will survive the dinosaurs must have thought they were the end all be all too
maybe, but how many more will get cancer if trump rapes the environment? feeling lucky?
no, salem. 31 has nothing at all going for it, save richard brake's performance.
poor malcolm mcdowell
there's nothing worse than being upset about something u cant change
u r a fact speaker my friend
i guess expecting wifi in a media centre is a lot to ask for gods sake. german efficiency my arse.
if you have to pay for it that makes it even more painful
what a clown.
that characterization is unfair to clowns. clowns make people smile not become violent racists
well we are resorting to listening to the likely pandora station now until it appears
would it be in the history? i dunno how pandora works
we are excited to see you tomorrow to talk about beef. we know you are a fan of .
what happens to the common rancher then?
irony: matt taibbi wanting to shield members of capitalist enterprises from criticism
imagine it was a wall street issue and not trump. same article?
our uber driver has a disco ball, tv playing a fireplace, and so many other things oh god it's so early for this
stangle where are you off to?
people have seen almost 40 years of tax returns from hillary. one set from trump really isn't too much to ask.
who knew trump jr. was the next yogi berra
no i'm not a child. i just have a pathological hatred of bulys. and will not tolerate it in any form.
have you been bullied often?
i'm so excited for this season! i promise i won't let you guys down!
you are such a cutie love you lex and am so proud of you
earth science class hard at work with mr. heyman
fun! whatcha doin' ?
ok ok that's pretty dope lol
i was trying to ensure that i didn't get a hangover this morning, but it didn't work
i thought nan was a value :s
what it equal to?
omg i want to dig into this article, holy moly
cc ^ may be interesting for your music twitter bot, if you haven't seen it before!
and hillary? martha stewart went to prison for less.
martha committed a crime. hrc committed public service. trump commits lies, blame &amp; hate.
love this sneak peek at one side of our bedroom retreat. thank you to our friend for her amazing design!
heaven on earth.
we heardthe full spectrum of povs last night from &amp; !
did you invite the common deep rural ranchers to be heard ?
or..... winning the game
you always win with a wife like that
poker. wish they had dice.
selo or craps?
imagine it was a wall street issue and not trump. same article?
it turns out the media is willing to criticize anyone or anything. except themselves
finally! you and i wake up and are in complete agreement. (still love tebow though)
i'm so glad we both finally woke up!
it's time for donald trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee.
won't really matter cause trump supporters don't care what he does.
can you get low when taking met formin?
i think so, although the members participating in this topic are insulin users
give me 2 differences other then no headphone jack and camera lol
oh and mines is your favorite hated color, pink
after reading a review of balu, ngpapasalamat tlaga ako na hindi ito ang movie ntin. knowing adn or at least the people i follow...
we can be real harsh if we don't like something and if something is done poorly. especially if it involves the bibis.
so, you're telling me trump is a bad dream and i just have to wait it out until morning?
oh. no that's real af.
i got home safe and sound tho :)
all that matters
thank you much. glad all is well. definitely looking forward to to keeping it low key while enjoying the weekend.
us three have to go out for drinks one day or you can come visit and we can watch old school wrestling.
some one should have told bernie it was rigged. 2 late in game for stein
never to late for change. never to late for the people to
i'm way too interested in the jonbent case.
me too! i always have been, our cousin lacy did a research paper over her in middle school or high school. she knows a lot.
great cheekbones tho
they *are* fabulous, aren't they.
i totally agree.
absolutely. she has nothing else. no new policy, no accomplishments as sos n senator
lmao still pissed yo thats why your a hockey player and they just play hockey...were gonna win big tn don't worry
yeah lets get this w
hillary will continue obama's failed policies that've stifled the economy! no more!we need jobs &amp; real growth
wall street and hedge funds ruined america by buying off politicians..
"the people want frivolous lawsuits, so i have to file them or someone else will."
no. 1) the form is, "if i don't file them, someone else will," which is a different idea.
we can be real harsh if we don't like something and if something is done poorly. especially if it involves the bibis.
also writing and story telling is one of the various talents of this fandom and we know a good story when we see one.
because u are so smart
*blushes* thank you chilee . i'm well on my way to the masters.
does the scripwriter have read some larry fanfiction, if yes, wich one ?
yes he has- asking
noo you shoulda drank lots of water !!
i did! i could literally drink two glasses of wine and would be hungover. idk how i survived in college!
please help settle a raging debate between me and : is this delicious abomination a mundt or a buffin?
buffin has a better ring to it. lol
no. 1) the form is, "if i don't file them, someone else will," which is a different idea.
2) the way you stop frivolous lawsuits is not mainly with norms but with enforceable ethics rules and sanctions.
it's not our fault that "young" people these days aren't as cool as us!
this is true! nothing wrong with being an old soul. kids these days don't know anything!
gooooooood morninggg y'all! happy saturday wake and bakeee
happy saturday babes. enjoy and cheers.
happy saturday. hope you join us this morning from 6-8, 9-10 for the latest headlines &amp; forecast!
good morning! happy saturday! watching best wkend news team. have a gr8 day!
i wonder if this saudi royal donates to the clinton foundation?
follow the $$.
'her condescending dismissal .... is what is deplorable'
trump supporters have a choice. decide which 50% you belong to. a lot default themselves into the basket.
you don't know how much you almost got read for that message. i don't use adderall.
and that's fine. folk still be knowing how so aint no harm in asking chilee.
2) the way you stop frivolous lawsuits is not mainly with norms but with enforceable ethics rules and sanctions.
that model cannot be applied to media, except in very narrow circumstances related to libel and such.
please help settle a raging debate between me and : is this delicious abomination a mundt or a buffin?
or what about mundt bake?
shout out to every1 who told me to get an ice cream sandwich i know i'm the only one eating it but this is fa us
this looks fab.
make no mistake, there is a racist alt-left too
hillary is anti israel ..look at her donors???
congressional black caucus denounce trump as 'two-bit racial arsonist,' demand apology for obama - breitbart
congressional black caucus should get spology from clinton. she started this birther thing in 2008 campaign.trump finished it
this thread is an argument for a profession without ethics.
careful. barro will block you for saying that
good mate is out on guitar duties with in usa at the moment. play this one for me lads
can't wait for october to come!
just one thing : don't use larries only for promo we trust in you.
thanks for your trust - we won't
could be you doe since u got a pair of titties yourself, don't mention me w| ya fuckery again bitch rt : oh..
you seem a tad bit upset this morning
you laugh, but ..
ari, you just compared us to clinkle? ouch.
happy bday amanda i hate u and u annoy me but i also love u &amp; can't wait for u to take me places, see u soon sweetie
you love me a lot. thank you
good morning! please report this extremely creepy video some guy took of my friend for harassment:
ah wtf!!! reported, hope it helps
think thats the series folks are starting to want
you mean folks on east of the mississippi. or folks on the "north coast". west coasters don't.
lmao nah i cant count that, damn near all the songs were on prior tapes i feel u tho on the support factor
lmao whole shit was pd3-pd6
at equipajevueling.net as soon as they have + info will be update through world tracer rgds 2/2
day 4 !!! still no sign of my missing luggage. there is no excuse for this level of incompetence by your company !
5-hours long (still going) "ask the ceo" town hall ensures all 500 people get heard.
was someone wiping down and spraying water into his mouth?! lol
people used to make fun of me for watching anime but the second pokmon go came out they're tryna find pikachu with me smh
the struggle.
here is the link to . we are in the process of updating.
do i still have time to come on board?
happy birthday ! we will not yield. we are not leaving. another world is possible!
but he did leave, he did yield...was there really no other way ? he had the people &amp; momentum. was he or family threatened?
happy birthday to my bff shes the bomb ily amanda have the best day today
grrrr. thank you i guess. love you too
are u still a nick girl
im still a nick girl so suck it
25 trips of a lifetime via
this is our next story
who said? which host?
"if adolph hitler flew in today, they'd send a limousine anyway."
when i'm a hip hop artist i'm sampling so much fleetwood mac
just "sara"
and another hbd to my bestest friend. wouldn't have wanted to spend the last 12 years with anyone else love you
thanks you ignorant textureless pole love you too!!!!
if my man came home with a fresh cut, why would i try to curb my sex drive? lol he's gettin demolished, that's it.
literally said "comes home" in your own home and not about it? smh
i say we have a bobbing for apples in the toilet contest for the presidential candidates...one with the most apples at the end of 1 min wins
and it must be broadcasted live for the whole world to tune in
she got me blocked cause she was in her feelings but it's all good lol
i'm about to be blocked soon prob lol
my mom and i are fighting because one of us belives noodles belong in chili and the other one of us is right
chili + noodles = spicy ramen
if you believe the bible and noah and his family were the only humans on the ark, then we are all just inbred sob's.
...that would explain a lot though.
the real infectious disease that's threatening our election isn't pneumonia, it's a total lack of class.
trump-the-schlocksucker!
iconic beauty michelle pfeiffer
fantastic shot of her!
this is really great, not just the outrageous thwarting of civilian oversight, but:
is it a computer? can it be communicated with? it can be hacked! tech specs not needed, ace
when you need some alone time, do it with
no alone time if there are nephews around :d
thoughts ??
the media asks and asks and asks. we can't make him. only voters can hold him accountable by not voting for him.
file under: reasons donald trump is historically weak among college educated white voters.
you can file this will his statement of today saying robert gates (former sec of defense) doesn't know what he's talking about
yes for dave east building the keisha song around a dark skin woman !!!
cancel that. n*gga said "she black but got spanish features" . .. i hate you fucking hood boogers. like whyyy
solution: 1) chefs will stop serving feedlot beef 2) carbon ranching will replace feedlots 3) will beat feedlots
as in dairy, smaller farms, ranches most vulnerable to price volatility. least able to survive demand drop
there is so much sniping going on that it is hard to find anyone close to 41 in manners and decency
think you are over reacting and at same time overstating on 41 who i liked but he is no angel when you look at his records
just reading polling tea leaves, evidence starting to mount clinton starting to see some rebound; floor was probably +2 point national lead.
what tea leaves?
so with the polls getting tighter, he's convincing himself again of his own brilliance. conway will get fired if too 'naggy'
i can't say i have any confidence in my predictive powers at this point
is slaying right now. 3 vmas, worth it with 1b views, work from home with almost 1b views, breaking records, gg of the decade
"little mix is better"
my story about him was clearly (to me) about my own insecurities as an average-bodied woman at a table of supermodels &amp; athletes.
you are not average bodied tho
there r 2 types of clinton supporters
all mole cando isyell bc theres nodefense. on somelevel he nos
no lie you guys kinda look alike lol. i wish you both well. be happy &amp; have a lovely night. goodnight .
lmfao i don't think we look alike but thank you &amp; you too
i hope you can link up w/ she's bringing her banner too!
got the banner with me and we're on our way!!!
hot off the presses! available 11/16
thank you for sharing!
i would hope johnson is honorable enough to drop out once debates are over and he would only hurt our country and the world
i hope so this country is in big trouble if he becomes president. i am scared
this reminds me of you
this is me 100%
..so true tho i haven't read or cared about the movie,kaya
hahah a friend shared the movie review with me coz she's been hearing the same things told to her by actual people who watched lol
unfuckingbelievable the man is as dense as a collapsing star he won't understand my tweet bcuz of his stupid problem
he doesn't understand much. very scary
you won lastnight ya team lost
ayyyy let's get lit am i right
except for the 100s of congressional seats and 1000s of state positions for which prez coverage barely matters
saying that this nutty presidential election invalidates money-in-politics theories is like saying an f5 hurricane invalidates meteorology
so thumbs down?
just my opinion in what it looks like from the trailer.
yeah, i have this prob when in nyc so it must be worse in others
i don't see how anyone with mobility issues lives or works in the sf or oakland. most front doors require going up steep steps
thank you &amp; god bless you brother!
this is my absolute favorite scripture -my team at work bought me a lighthouse with it noted!!! he is faithful, joy!!!
it's clear mark cuban plans on challenging president trump, for the nom, in the 2020 primaries.
if trump achieves 6o% of his policies -good luck w that challenge
the chinese government now cares more about elections free from dark money influence than the united states does.
so china is also influencing our political system &amp; elections? that's what i got out of this. any one who is pro tpp. wow
happy birthday ari gold of south india mr.bidy .. hope you have the best year yet
happy birthday to you ...may god bless you and hope you have the best year dude... :) :)
good luck today on your race!!!!
thanks for the support. great time with friends. i finished, actually passed guy strolling 2 kids uphill
he clearly believes, perhaps correctly, that these are the players in the zone - the others have to catch up!
hey there! see any good movies lately?
saying that this nutty presidential election invalidates money-in-politics theories is like saying an f5 hurricane invalidates meteorology
right now, millions of dollars being poured into everything from school board elections to judicial races. trump doesn't change that.
so you mean to tell me that rachel and leah looked so much alike that with simply their face covered you couldn't tell them apart?
i can tell you from experience, they don't fall for that one in real life.
wonder about laurie
laurie is taking a twitter break
. celebrates w/ + those changing culture
today's month honoree is . on his game-changing sound:
clearly my favorite child.
yes. he's gonna do great things some day
this is not what we want to hear! please give us the opportunity to assist you. send us a dm so we can turn it around! wa
turn it around? i'm not even a sprint customer-though that might change soon.
lol gray's future happiness is obviously with juvia ;)
well yeah... but mashima can't just come out and say "hey number 2 is happening" xd everything points to gruvia
cancel that. n*gga said "she black but got spanish features" . .. i hate you fucking hood boogers. like whyyy
oh she robbed him?!?! that was the spanish features papi
i love the iphone 7
thanks for buying me one
trump holds crushing lead in clinton's home-state of arkansas.
which is why she ran for senate in ny as she could not in arkansas
night one at was wonderful! we'll be back sunday!
you can just see me behind jeff. fantastic night.
the 'insert chip' phenomenon is useless unless it is makes checking out faster than swiping your credit card. i remain unconvinced.
apple pay is the future
of the lord is our strength!!!
i pass these smiley 'joy' cards out everywhere i go. 2 people or leave around places- along with other word cards.
this is wrong. used to be that dems trusted the ny times &amp; repubs didn't. now nobody trusts it. this is a commercial failure.
more paid circ than any paper besides wsj, transitioning to web better than any traditional outlet. not a commercial failure.
the only job trump takes in2 seriousness is: degrading woman, the disabled, mexicans, blacks, muslims,
you got that right! down the line!
of course. i'm proud of it btw thank you. you proved my point about liberals
see the tweet stream
wow. i went traveling and forgot to bring my dollar shave razor and bought a gillette. i had forgotten how amazing these blades are.
i just shaved one side of my head with a 3 week old gillette razor and the other side with a brand new dsc and it's the same wth
i guess passing on a record deserves an unfollow?
no i am just unfollowing people.. that has nothing to do with it. don't be pressed ,don't be that guy...
again, but respectfully, i think this is out of touch.
in what specific way(s)?
hillary racist clinton in her own words bring them to h e e l !
don't think the goldwater girl has changed much. she supported the mandatory sentencing her husband proposed.
same here...i picked the higher of the two
i mained with the lower so i went with that but weird growing up in different worlds isn't it?
berkeley will take down its freely available video courses because the justice department says they violate the...
this can't be optimal. how about the doj instead requires a plan + timeline, and allows the content to remain while implementing.
"you've gotta take the hat off, or i'm going to write the president of the university."
oops, more :
calls for removing 's secret service detail to 'see what happens' | has more 10ae
trump just hired his 11th. security firm on top of secret service. coward.
is back in harlem at nan this maana with let's see how this plays out.
just might need to tune in!
i had 517 red bull vodka &amp; red bulls last night and i'm pretty sure it gave me nary a wing.
517?!?! perfect ingredients for the
- trump family have always been that way. that's why nyc people hate him and avoid anyone in the family at all social costs
this is not the family i want representing us. privileged,arrogant, &amp; self absorbed. more the stereotype we should avoid.
lennon-my-dear: john lennon, george harrison, and richard starkey
have you been reading poetry?
what's the point of pre-ordering if you have to wait a month to get it after everyone in store? this is ridiculous!
same problem here. what an utter farce.
meet the man who proved that discrimination can make you physically sick
opens lens using for understanding discrimination and poor health.
i truly believe trump could stand up at a press conference, do nothing but jingle his keys, &amp; tv reporters would spend 7 days analyzing it.
media needs 2 draw a line in the sand.no release of taxes, no coverage! stop allowing yourselves 2 b manipulated.
im happy to hear that! bolder &amp; braver now?
absolutely. finding my voice now
congrats to for winning the fifa 17 digital game giveaway! i shall be dm'ing you the info!
eggs can't win! nice of you lex
thanks for the warning
see you there
cutting ties with social media. more than anything, ima miss twitter and the loyal tweeps. twitter &gt; the world
you're talking reckless right now koshy, don't do it....
t-pain's niece stabbed, killed for 'loving the wrong person'
see u at black lives matter rally ?
this is like an actual problem... i can't use the phone or data if it keeps saying no service
go to settings&gt;general&gt;about then your phone should update kinda
hi rus! hope u well. always good to "see" you! not really. catching up with interesting series!
i have heard good things about mr robot!
trump's list of provable lies. w/
jeez, bill - why do you allow her to go off the subject and squeeze in as many talking points as she can? balls!
didn't work in south carolina when someone tried to buy the local elections.
in individual cases sometimes it "works" sometimes not. broader effects are real and predictable, case by case not necessarily
why on earth would margined mark need to keep the stock up? hmmm.
he buried his pals as well.more on that in the weeks and months to come i am sure
imagine if stap had been on first ... would never had made it ...
im not so sure at this point if investigators would put in the energy to take down a preprint, experimentally,
thought you might like this !!!
also i am very on board with that honorific :)
be sure to decorate your trees with beautiful strings of pearls
that's pearlish (tm)
game doin all this for his album promo. what a hoe
don't got nothing else to rely on
woo hoo! just booked my 2017 spring training flight on
going to see the world champion red sox spring training.
ur welcome for those $2
thx, it made me rich
thank you to all old and new followers for your support! we hope to see you dine in our restaurant one day
look forward to the day i dine at your restaurant in london,
plugging two pieces i wrote this week: 1) homeless &amp; wi-fi kiosks: 2) election media bias:
and as always, my work is supported thanks to my backers on patreon! and one-time donations!
i want to wish all the participants the best of luck today!
*champions league music starts playing*
may our perseverance &amp; resolve remain strong in the path towards strengthened democracy &amp; human rights in the maldives
. and may ur family stop robbing this nation. amen
these cowardly fux booted for 2 years almost ended his career.bilbao a disgrace to football deserved worse
as said "a lot of rubbish gets talked about so called hardmen .. i just call them dirty bastards
breaking news: you're not always right
i cant turn left so im always right
no one woke up upset you just be crossing the line, know your place &amp; dont mention me w| that other nigga ever again
he broke your heart? owe you child support? talk to us. we all family here
i added a video to a playlist desiigner - tiimmy turner (audio)
fuck you bitch you pick on my boy
yoga, deep breathing, and knowing i have the truth on my side!
a little more like a a traitor and rapist on your side.
why kelce? have pryor / lee o. kylce
i'm hoping pryor can be free to roam make plays on rbs
trump again hints of clinton assassination: suggests bodyguards should stop protecting her. "let's see what happens"
this is what he does. today he will say we all misunderstood. he can say anything &amp; his supporters don't care
hey nancy, how did that work out for ya?
just say no to cannabis &amp; hemp &amp; yes to dow/dupont, big pharma, prison systems &amp; perpetual war contracts&gt;that's what she meant
amaurys go play with yourself or something b
already did. that's why i got time now
dude where lmao we are bored and wanna get turnt too the campus parties are being lame tonight
sorry bb i was with my bf
i think it means my audience loves trump! or the ones who vote in the poll do...
i guess viewers are just like the country: split. have a great day, andy. it's so pretty in east hampton this morning.
if i were directing the porn version of "back to the future", lightning would have struck the cocktower. thank you.
in addition, in that version of the film, marty's porn character would have to reach 1.21 gag-a-lots.
colin helped cover up the my lai massacre quite effectively. highly "honorable."
those of us who respect and honor general powell will do so regardless.
i wasnt aware it was released yet. oop! i'm coming to brooklyn today.
for thotivities?
mazel tov!!! good health to all!!!
spell check hell for cvp
i melted down at 901 ahhhhhh
i'm just gonna enjoy the game and hope for a victory.
there are integrations for all of those technologies for spring that are as easy -or easier! - as jpa. so feel no hesitation
thanks for the info, i'm a newbie teaching myself spring and java, so i can take this and run with it.
would you all leave me alone
brendan what team are you i'll get your back
posting this comment really is
i'm ashamed that it's the first thing that came to my mind.
watch modi's pet times now's drunk journo who barged into dy cm's meeting in finland, urinating in public any shame
a must watch video
a presidential candidate twice dog-whistling an attack on the other? seem like a bad movie? you have no idea. vol.4
worst person in the world ever.
our pets are 100% innocent n loyal. unadulterated love. and they depend on us but don't expect anything but our love
this is why until now i respect you and love u vivek sir ,that's true ,we must care and give love to our pets much.. &lt;3 :)
what will trump enablers say when their kids ask "why didnt you do something to stop that jerk from getting elected"
they won't be able to say anything because they'll be exiled from the plutocracy.
well you can't pattern match but there's isnan! but anyway wuts this nanexception? just another one? haz code?
cpus have it now for decades. wait a few weeks for latter
the afa's fire dragons (dragon boat team) practicing at lake merced. come watch us at the dragon boat festival...
you guys are the best! good luck today from the leafy sea dragons of
whywestern countries moving millions&amp;millions refugees away from countries instead of making those countries safe
who is paying the politicians???
but i'm not evading the ?. 'favor" neither, strongly disfavor both, djt more than hrc.
i come soqn for djt vs h ased on certainty of how bad h would be +t would + constrsine
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
well they won't get better they got worse. you are brilliant you made my day yesterday. laughing is good for the soul
but don't worry you can buy a copy of the migrant ship which contains the poem i was about to read at the melos stall.
are you accepting submissions this year?
is there going to be a full article?
i think that's it.
also business news, since a grasp of reality is usually important if you want to make money.
there is an awful lot of crap business news. most business news is not a true investment research product.
i'm watching my friend marrying her longtime girlfriend.it's amazing to watch their journey and their love. # #
congrats to them
trump is scared. he knows hillary will bury him in a debate.
he's looking for the back door for sure! i've got the popcorn ready!
i feel the same way about the last two seasons! i didn't even finish last season. but the way they're storytelling this year is cool
you better not miss any episodes or i'll spoil them for you lol
yes people can be or straight up are shitty. but many of them don't even realize they are. don't get mad at them for being dumb. learn.
if they really ever mattered to you, you'd respond to their mention with love, not pettiness. we as a race need to rise above the thought-
basically it meant "tying one cart after another, and 16 carts in tow, i am coming for you stooge of the nizam"
wasnt it "you travel in a 16car motorcade, which one is it you are in" ?
is going to lose for this basic reason!
media props her up ask why??!
if you were a theatre major at trinity college, you shared a special connection to edward albee. his work was transformative and mysterious.
it made you dig deeper into the emotional mindset of the character to not only reveal their secret but maybe one of your own. rip mr. albee.
actually the problem is democrats don't want 2 do any of those things. they only want to spend money on war! christ you are thick
you know that republicans have been the ones pushing global war, and dems for last four decades have been check
except they are
he probably doesn't know what the word means.
i come soqn for djt vs h ased on certainty of how bad h would be +t would + constrsine
t would be more constrained from excesses by both ds &amp; rs in cong as well as by the media
and hillary plans on starting a war with putin and his nuclear superpower over some embarassing emails. save it pal.
this is beyond hyperbole and you know it
so this is what we're doing for icons now?
what the heck is "egg"
what kind of quarter back says this about himself
this guy likes it
former cia director and defense sec gates: trump "is unqualified and unfit to be commander-in-chief." via
bigger question is why jennifer griffin would rt this obvious garbage. must have contract w fox coming up
happy birthday to my favorite baritone in the universe!!! may your day be filled with beyonc and chicken tenders
this is f*cking cute omg
one sick dick head.
trump not that big
if you judged a city by how racist people are in the comments section of the newspaper then sunny coast is the worst
as someone who grew up there i can say this is 100% accurate.
we are post-feminist. those who still obsess about feminism enjoy being victims.
. 2004: trump says pregnancy can be an via
some. two of my friends are poets. so it's rubing off on me.
go into a cool bookshop in your area and just spend some time browsing the poetry section! you will be rewarded
made with .
look's like you were havin a great time!
at the denim out thinking about the "my jeans music video" we love u
big time hugs ly
hey i made the cover of the star-ledger about buzz aldrin middle school. so proud! now headed home to fl.
&gt; buzz, i absolutely love following you, and your adventures on twitter! thanks for sharing.
bank crashes into suv driver minding own business and driving carefully.
*scrolls down, looks for it.... yep, no arrests were made*
why is it always meek lol
lol he a corn, he does it to himself
pcalc 4.4.1 update waiting for review to fix a rare crash - has a few new features, including improper fractions and sound options from ios.
that's ok, when am i ever going to use fraction in real life?
1. looks like both of you 2. send me the pic when kid accesses the spools of thread....
mad cute tho. keep me coming.
.: "['s] pretty much fired all of her nuclear warheads."
seems her warheads fizzled out. just like her. ever! 2016
that little hip thrust tho...
happy saturday
republican nominee on defense secretary under presidents of both parties
the global nature of trump's critiques ("total disaster") reflects his his extreme immaturity.
cheater con man liar
and he keeps saying trust me
who's to say if i'm acting erratically in this empty nest phase, she says as she unwraps her icelandic sheepskin chair pads.
toga party?
vaj graff is a uk street artist who aims to reclaim public spaces for women by spray painting vulvas
it's pretty narrow-minded to look at women as extensions of private parts - it's also a violent history
i know ur a designer, but do you know, if spl is comming to kick?
if you know that i'm a designer, you should know not to ask me non-design questions about kick. please don't. thanks!
truth hurts?
not really but should be somewhat impartial so you have both fans listening. met's aren't going anywhere either.
you're here! do you want free carol burnett tix for tonight? orchestra seats.
where? what time? yes years!!!
video: trump's taxes: pressure mounting
if you took a poll with honest people you'd find we don't care about his taxes.
honored 2 be the chief of department. &amp; i will continue 2 build bonds w/ community &amp; reduce crime
congrats, look forward to our continued relationship and building a safer bronx &amp; nyc.
the sharks will eat well in season 4.
sharks? well then we will need a bigger mote around the pirate fortress! alright crew start digging and ready the drawbridge
scoundrel hillary supporter starts "trumpleaks" campaign...desperate move! via running scared!!
this is the type of person i have avoided for 73 years
i thought the first session was amazing. but the second session had gone right over my head. great stories though
keyvan!...jake is british....you guys should be friends!
how have you been pronouncing it?
flah-tie-ron
im against racism no matter who spews it
clinton's entire 2008 campaign was based on racism. for instance this gem
trump finally comes up with an interesting thought (clinton and bodyguards' guns) but delivers it in such a clumsy way, sheesh.
trump just hired his 11th security firm. on top of secret service. dickless?
it's pretty narrow-minded to look at women as extensions of private parts - it's also a violent history
and transphobic
megan tompkins-stange: why should bill gates decide how our children should be educated?
i think should get out of education and go back to making glitchy software.
sorry for late reply, had to leave for work. he's 8yrs old, told him he could be what ever he wants if he put his mind to it.
it's ok. that is great, keep encouraging him. looks like he'll go far. i 2 c my 4yr old b so excited about science &amp; learning
i think recore appeals to older gamers these youngsters are used to hand holding games that is why the mixed reviews
yep way points, map items etc, i can see that
come lay down in the cool grass with me, baby let's watch that summer fade'
thanks for the retweet!! rock on my friend!
do those complication rates reliably vary with the surgeon? also i'd think inguinal outcomes 2/2 surgeon &gt; hospital
good evidence low volume surgeons have recurrence. no data for pain, but probable. more likely surgeon- related than hospital.
stick stacked stook on ur fridge have another look freshness awaits you
waka waka
the falcons were not among those 6 teams who started 2-0 and made the playoffs damn, that's really depressing
expect the least out of the falcons, then almost anything will be a surprise
why no acknowledgement of mes ad research? or reality that l3/4 cannot be sold to public until 2019, constrained by steering hw.
2019? this will be ignored by many, methinks.
donald trump has made what should be a historic election period a mockery the rnc-gop should denounce this apocalyptic threat to humanity
i agree i teach overseas and i am so embarrassed.
i haven't needed your help and i've made it this far. stay in your lane cunt
i love you, if you ever need anything hmu
the only thing sadder than married, middle-aged men looking for love on twitter are single, middle-aged men looking for love on twitter.
but there's love splattered all over twitter!
the coverage is pathetic this year - right from the start when trump ascended and the media lined up to beat up bernie
the fix was the worst. chris sucked up to andrea mitchell every chance he could.
please be serious.
i don't get invited to any halloween parties. so i probably won't do it
people magazine, we find you guilty of crimes against humanity.
why is this on my tl
hailz bruv, it's k time
great day all
man, busy day for americans in the bundesliga. fabian johnson &amp; aron johannsson likely featuring in the later game today. brooks tomorrow
and for dortmund!
im against racism no matter who spews it
agreed. the 2008 clinton campaign circulated photos of obama in african dress. pass?
come lay down in the cool grass with me, baby let's watch that summer fade'
thanks for the retweet!! rock on!
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
not knowing how to appeal the constitution, not surprised.
my hair has faded, looks like crap again, and i have a date tomorrow. great.
they need to fix the riot/ex girl/rock lobster formulation! my blue ruin hasn't faded one bit and it's been two months omg
enjoy mate hailz
great day all
my hair has faded, looks like crap again, and i have a date tomorrow. great.
but from photos i really love ur hair color combo on you!!
on the first day of fall i like to deliver pumpkins to friend's doorsteps late at night while dressed like this
priceless. and a little scary. lol
solve the riddle: i was born in 2001 but turned 5 in 1999
leap year?
i made it to ycon... finally.. see y'all tomorrow!!!
is this happening all weekend? i thought i it's a one day thing.
for thotivities?
not quite. i don't run that circuit anymore. ize married now.
i think we can officially say chris c should be fired.
the fix was the worst. chris sucked up to andrea mitchell every chance he could.
good night i love harry and michael and all my mutuals so much
sleep tight
time for you to get a fake id
i'm sure you've heard of akcent right ? the main guy is performing... i love the band
there are so many, yesterdays birther outrage was another distraction, deflection on clintons part
i think it is right to confront trump's role in this, but clinton does thrive on that focus
one of my favorite songs from the world's greatest uncle. so amazing.
: taryll sang michael 's song so beautifully. it's seems like michael himself was up on stage singing it. proud of taryll.
i figured you would appreciate. you can just see the desperation by the vial comments hrc is making and media supporting.
trump isn't gaining in the polls, more people are polling for 3rd party candidate
uhd argument nullified early ultra hd blu-ray sales numbers exceed disc predecessor via
nice article
wake up no make up have a beautiful weekend!
have a fabulous weekend, you and your lovely family
what about it is better?
it tells you exactly the portal to enter, signs to follow and how to exit
my cupcake tasting event is now on september 17th you guys ! get your tickets here
i won't be there because i'll be at work but have a great event dolly
the video of jeffrey reuniting with his mother has over 60 million views. wait 'til you see what happens next.
she just blows my mind every time!!
it was weirdly all very light-hearted!
a man with a map spot on his head! lol
d media..why news?
this was a democrat set up but it's ok she was rude and blind. got water?
"eric the midget" dream
thats old news but so happy for peter seems like a great guy
just 5.7 percent of clinton foundation budget actually went to charitable grants
shes a bad woman.
again trump implicitly dog-whistled for hillary's murder. right wing has done this before in a 11/63 dallas flyer
i saw this in nyc in late 63.
lmfaooo the men i saw in the gym look like that nigga in green. i am not having it
miss me with that crop top wave...steups.
then you'll get his wins this season.
they already clinched
what there's not enough market demand for is accountability journalism on the everyday local level. that's bad for civic health.
agreed. might be a good thing for universities or philanthropists to take up as a mission.
ed templeton
that's a photograph taken by my wife
it's this sort of backward shit that holds us back as a people!
it's an amazing money making venture. but i'm just being spoilt
good morning! after the chat i am off to not sure what it is but excited
i brought playdate to my area a few years ago. it's a great chance to learn for your peers! i hope you enjoy!
i got meet hillary in person in 2000, when she ran for us senate
i hear hillary is very warm and impressive in person
we already are twitter connected! now the connection is greater!
jake is very supportive of my writing!
perfect breakfast sandwich
how's my breakfast look.
fact: the source of fuel for birtherism is the mainstream media.
love this guy. nothing but the truth.
why do you want to insult harpies?
you're right! sorry harpies everywhere!
that's really interesting! i read it years ago, long before i had a kid. that perspective never occurred to me!
i just liked the way everything wraps up neatly, and the earth can go back to the beetles at the end.
agreed. might be a good thing for universities or philanthropists to take up as a mission.
most of the philanthropic money in that area is very ideological -- not always useless, but i'd prefer a newsier approach.
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
if you're anti-trump = 'losers in life' guess more than half of americans are losers.
not sure if i deserved this. but thanks a ton
very well written! need more such pieces and people to bring out essence of culture/civilization for all2elish and be proud of
besides everyone knows a dancing queen trumps a king any day
not the king of the night time world
was my comment deleted??
don't know what did it say
that's too bad because that costume is perfect.
i would look like a dumbass showing up to a halloween party dressed up as a mcnugget. it would be great
damn that just hurt my damn feelings we was supposed to take an epic cleavage pic together
who told you to change the time
scientists have created a drug that replicates the health benefits of exercise
thought i had block yer arse...oh well, i'll try again. and clean up yer act for the new school year ok. america looks twisted sho' nuff
yeah-that's why obama didn't have one single day of peace in 8 years and democrats backed bush's war. fuck off.
you live on a fantasy planet
packing: there's no way to avoid wrinkles. you can pack in such a way that your clothes are less wrinkled, but never totally unwrinkled.
i bring clothes that don't wrinkle in the first place if i can
looking at canelo he may struggle late on in fight . he's weight drained.
yea he does but he's going to rejuvenate that in the next day with a plate of rice and beans
ayyyyy! you there bro?
nah but i'm shooting out deets to friends there
closest i came to someone like that -covering the edwards trial. i saw obama while covering dnc 2012, from far off.
i met calvin klein, back when he was somebody!
premier sports, 8pm
it will be on espn2 here at 3:30p or on most 's!
so much oppression.
carry a gun in public with no permit and no fireman training. can we use some common sense missouri?
joel and i literally just bought the last ticket (singular) for in seattle and stubhub is only selling them for $100
no! not true!
i'll be waiting in anticipation until the moment it releases, brian. i'm also keen to listen to ! -darcy
id love to see if you could get these episodes on
i mean it's a wonderful form of capitalism; me having to pay to say my last goodbyes and all
absolutely. why not pay a couple dollars to say goodbye? why not pay a couple dollars to use a service you already pay for?
joel and i literally just bought the last ticket (singular) for in seattle and stubhub is only selling them for $100
i don't know what's up with stubhub but i know for a fact that show is not sold out
thank you, . revealing that says that it's about what people want to hear, not informing/news.
the fix was the worst. chris sucked up to andrea mitchell every chance he could.
twitter won't let me say this.
": twitter won't let me say this.
yeah, wont say its not fun. just wish they'd have delayed to work out all the kinks. and allow me to turn auto aim off lol
yeah a delay would of helped game a lot
are you guys going to the iabf today?
woah!! haven't heard of this, thanks! not sure, maybe but this is most people's 1st time to nyabf so we might be overwhelmed?
yep. the carrier check failed but seemed like apple saved a reservation. tried 2 more times and worked, still 9/16 delivery.
so did you get it? how is it?
omg, they're so tuckered out!
haha. love how mr. bill got thrown into the mix.
miss it the first time? here are our subs for ospina, gibbs, holding, elneny, xhaka, ox, lucas
where is giroud?
i've heard from others it's definitely not normal. haven't wiped it yet, mainly to help if bugreport needs logs or anything.
i had this bug on a beta and they made me wipe :(
the gaming industry ain't shit tbh it's sad that we have to worry about whether or not we're getting a full game after paying full price.
imagine buying an iphone and worrying if it texts or just makes calls and we gotta wait for a new ios update for text messaging.
bitch try to kiss me oh no lmao
where u was at
me too it's too damn close after two months of daily screw up he is still this close kellyanne conway is responsible for his
yes but i think he thinks he is doing good now and he is not being quite as careful. i am hoping this &amp; debates will help
i've been following you since july or so....you are the new nate silver...but more entertaining
bill is the anti-nate b/c he will be correct in his predictions while nate is a slave to his own model,forever 2%
wow, unequal city service based on religion. turkey can still 'culture shock' me.
i think on issues of burial, many of the non-muslims would prefer to keep it in the community.
her nickname is ! u hear about this 4th grade teacher? what do u think...she too hot for the classroom!?
she single doe?
up early on my 2k shit
what's ur gamer tag
ulterior motives i see! i'll try to be supportive too!
you already are! lol
thrilled to announce 'my daughter's army' has won fapa president's award for fiction!
congratulation!
today's cover: this is the face of bravery
these are the men and women who go out everyday to face the unexpected horrors that 99% of people in this country never imagine.
happy gameday eve!!! we hope you have a great saturday!
whoa! look at those abs!!
her nickname is ! u hear about this 4th grade teacher? what do u think...she too hot for the classroom!?
she single doe?
'many people are saying' that trump wants to rename the white house: the presidential palace.
trump palace!
does the gift card you're selecting appear on the registry? ^jr
yes but you have to select more options from the gift card page, you can't just add it from the registry page
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
u played like a violin can't figure out who is the jackass is
it was like pulling teeth to get him to say it.
gop is &amp; will always be evil, racists.
take a relative in ... uses you and three months later peaces out
i just read this tweet
i feel like there aren't enough "high concept" horror flicks these days. am i wrong?
and it's petty damn crazy because they all had massive sets and large budgets. miss that style horror
thank you, for the lovely welcome note! my early mornings are looking pretty bright
welcome to the family!!
cnn just now re trump: "in his defense, he has not incited any violence." we do not know until it is too late.
is defending trumps lie or reporting the lie?
wow, unequal city service based on religion. turkey can still 'culture shock' me.
the inequalities in any case should not be a surprise. however, i imagine this would not be top of agenda.
gorgeous moving essay on queer black love: loving broken women and
thanks abeer!
happiest of birthdays to my best friend and running partner, ! she's the best dancer of all them all!
dance too much yellow in your pants!!!!
126 things donald trump has said and done that should disqualify his candidacy:
please enough. we all know what he is. tell us your policies. don't mention his friggin name. please.
have a great saturday laura &amp;all
morning beth and all
happy happy birthday, girlie!!!! love and miss you!!
thank you!
excuse me nancy but "we have a busy day on the farm so here's a thing i cooked ahead of time" is ree's thing.
(but also i'm living life for your sexy just-woke-up look so actually just keep doin' your thing.)
it probably will be the solution for me then. \_()_/ makes sense, but kinda blegh
the whole restore experience really sucks too :(
it's here! thank you
that movie makes me cry evreytime!
honestly it waa dumb early i thought youd b sleepin
although you'd probably be waiting for me i was at the hill
as the season goes on, $twtr infrastructure will grow stronger. prediction: is giving the upcoming super bowl. call me crazy
the infrastructure is already strong. but it will become more tested and bulletproof in real time.
out here lookin like burnt toast
like the back of my neck ? lmao
. retweet if your deplorable and proud of it!!
you are voting for a man who has raped someone. you go for it mr. deplorable
"the three great forces that rule the world: stupidity, fear and greed." - albert einstein
agree that this triad of forces is very much on display in this election. just not in the way u imply here
i got a pumpkin spice latte yesterday, no shame
i'm breaking out the halloween costumes now
i can understand that; it is the fiscal inequality that surprises me. it's like paying for a hearse twice.
ah, got that. yes, indeed. it deserves a look, to see inequalities (if so) in life and in death.
trump's "birther" press conference seems to have been the last straw for the media; ledes in papers and on air flatly call him a liar.
it's about time
the east coast establishment has pretty universally rejected trump and what he stands for.
also, trump isn't using any "east coast" $ to win. he's using internet tools like fb and twitter made in sv.
there should be words. plenty of words.
dtsupporters don't give a damn about words, he can do no wrong.they're too smitten 4objectivity.
least the lions made the gf in 2004 for a shot at the 4peat we lead at ht too !
if it wasn't aker we could have won?
hi baby i hear that trump get into another controversy last in miami, and its only 50 days for the elections.
hola bonita! yes, sadly he did..great rally entrance then went of script and teleprompter. badly worded about guns and 2nd
my biggest fear is not that trump will win, he won't...but that the margin of hrc's victory will not be enough to eradicate his sorry ass.
we can do it. i am making calls everyday talking to as many as possible. getting out the vote
i love justin for robert!!! ah!
they are really cute together
please enough. we all know what he is. tell us your policies. don't mention his friggin name. please.
to get the swing voters!!
if unemployment is dropping, then why are so many people so unhappy at work? ()
love this one. do think empowering &amp; coaching of mgmt plus bottom up comms will help. also, employee experience!
to the people that leave their laundry in a mess on top of the dryer for days: how do you live like this? who hurt you? are you okay?
i used to do this all the time
merely an observation as it was the first time i had seen a christian-specific hearse.
i suppose in the us you actually do have the same in some places (religious jews; greek orthodox)
"i cried during every ernest movie"- wifey. she never ceases to amaze me
ernest is a sympathetic character if you think of him as your mentally disabled uncle
just found out andy halliday has "more legs" than joey barton? how many legs does he have?
dont know but he keeps one spare for rolling up hia trouser leg
like this but in a pumpkin.
and j would win best costume because i'm so crafty
you can not preach the gospel without using words.
no, people can see jesus thru your example too.
i'm as anti-trump as anyone (check my feed) but this isn't true. he was making a rhetorical point (1)
you miss the point. it's the 'see what happens to her' part that's the problem.
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
you are the loser here honey. go home. are you ready to give up your businesses if you win. you need to.
also, trump isn't using any "east coast" $ to win. he's using internet tools like fb and twitter made in sv.
i only mention that bc it startles me how effectively he uses tools that helped obama win but in different way
it makes every bit of sense
u making politics lit fam
good afternoon good day
goodmorning
my startup is in beta, it's a new way to do content upgrades. want to try it?
sure. i love the name. needed a new topic for a blog post. send deets.
na i believe that shit off jump fuck da movies they b gettin shit off real life situations
lmaooo that's facts
i totally get that a company would be behind on sending out orders because they had a large sale. but over 2 weeks later and no blurays?
you would think they would have sets together before they did the sale?
your right about germany but the bouncing betty or jumping jack was a land mine, sprang up about 3' &amp; exploded.
thankyou for your help... so many facts, so little time....
im freaking out rn bc idk what you took, you're not waking up till like 7 pm tomorrow if you took those pills
see i told you it was important
hillary already looks how people look after being president for 8 years.
no, after battling brain damage for 8years.
today's cover: this is the face of bravery
akram name in arabic means generous (name of a criminal w meat cleaver )
happy bday to my absolute favorite cheer captain/harambe enthusiast! have a great day!
harambe died for me to see another year thank you chef nick "dad" kabala
i'm doing research on the house history &amp; all .. as soon as i hear some crazy shit i'm out lmao .
they don't tell you what be wrong or what happen in the till after you cop it, wack shit
, i simply must say that the instagram stories you share are marvelous to view. i am enormously grateful you share so many!
aww, thanks tyler!!!!!! have a great weekend!!
i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
if you become president the public will same the same thing about you after 6 months in office.
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
you're a monster and a traitor to everything that makes new york city great
as fuck, what?!
imagine 30 years from now trayvon martins brother says he sides with the nypd
its an art, a lot of ppl cant do it right, im terrible at it
key is med heat. butter on bottom let it just cook. but best in cast iron skillet or similar pan
i love rap music but i can't lie, it has some grown men acting like kids. at times it's embarrassing.
i completely agree.
woke up to find someone had put a trump sticker on my car and you know what? fuck this election.
that is the lowest of low
to be clear, the only people "letting trump get away with not releasing his taxes" are voters.
start demanding he drop out if he doesn't turn them over. stop covering him if he doesn't turn them over.
happy birthday amanda enjoy your day you intelligent awesome person , love ya tons
this pic is a little rough but thanks buddy!! love you too
them the perfect 1s 2 cheat on b...never wrry bout her callin bout ya whereabouts
nah but she will killed ur batteries texting u to death asking u the same shit she asked u 20 minutes before smh like bitch
i really hope my neighbors enjoy waking up every morning to travis scott and 21
np cause their gonna move if u bump 21
it's still so weird using my real id lmao
i've been 21 for 3 months and when i go out i still say to myself "ok lemme bring my fake"
once again truck rolled today while hauling water out of our canyon. looks like no...
not our truck, but sincere concern for the wellbeing of the driver. glad it wasn't worse.
abolish penny, says mark carney. good idea. can't even use them in seaside slot machines.
could have been a real problem for 99p stores pre take-over by poundland.....
lmfaoooooooo .... not even im just not social with strangers (cough cough)
nobody wanna talk to you......come down for those jersey clouds ma
we have to go to haunted houses!!!
yes please!
wait, i love that song
it's still amazing.
i may have hit the introvert endorphin high today after 2 days and an evening socializing with near-strangers i feel totally wired
is that introvert endorphins or introvert anxiety adrenalin?
trump is a notorious hothead. come on now.
obama needs to both thank and apologize trump. preferably a live press conference and in writing.
let's be blunt. here's what trump's birtherism, and his "walkback," are really about:
nice! glad to see the media call him out. better late than never.
nothing like a delivery of beautiful yarn to cheer up a coughing/sneezing germ-o.
feel better, dear stitchette
good morning my tv friends. love getting up with you guys.
homemade stuffed artichoke's it is italian feast here this weekend
woof. glam/mode media once valued at $1 billion is shutting down.
&gt;&amp; raised $225m? to think how i could leverage $one million in capital w/
hillary clinton continues to call out bigotry. a lot of people on here continue to criticize her as she's calling out bigotry.
while completely ignoring donald trump's actions.
yes!! i just feel like he could have put context to the situation!
i know, jason seems selfish, i know he's here for rob but he can still be a good friend..
ford moving all small vehicle construction to mexico
america was founded on judaeo-christian values advocate them and gain support!
tbh i really should
i am the kappafather. my twitch emotes will feast on eyeballs and sarcasm
i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
unfortunately the whole country and world has had to learn about you. we know too much about you. you have no class
trump jokes about deplorables. does he not agree that the anti semites and racists and homophobes and sexists who support him are deplorable
i don't think he has any beliefs, just the desire for power and self-promotion.
what's bringing you to my borough today?
a birthday brunch at soco at noon.
dude i can't get used to it either
probably when i turn 22 it'll hit me lmaooo
lmao who made this
it's real, except the blunt.
victor cruz, odell beckham fined $12k each for group td dance in dallas ...
utter nonsense by the nfl
super brief, in a press scrum. i have no memory of what i asked, but it was probably stupid bc it was unexpected.
i'm sure it was anything but stupid!
twenty one pilots' cover of "cancer" gave me chills.
it's too good
drinking cheap wine out of a versace teacup is nicer than it sounds.
i also take back every bad thing i said about queens.
oh, wow...his back to performs in his home town....are u going?
we're planning on going,if we can get near the place &amp; find parking.think it will be packed!! wish us luck !!
police have minders in new york?!?!?!
gotta look out for the little guys
hillary clinton continues to call out bigotry. a lot of people on here continue to criticize her as she's calling out bigotry.
while completely ignoring donald trump's bigoted statements and actions.
4) i'll add an option.if you need it, i'll write you the check and you can keep the money rather than give it to charity
unless trump can think of a way to cheat you out of his money i think you're going to keep it. nice try
oh and he went over to lurk and was whispering to him while pointing in my direction idk if it was anything but it couldve been
michael noticed me twice i talked to him on the phone and he saw my snapchat and ignored my friend request a few days ago i cry
obama's hypocrisy at its finestdems, repubs shocked when learned why obama just gave mexico $75mill
considering ford is now moving its small car plant to mexico. is o running for mexican president?
ladies and gents, my mother:
wow, she's gorgeous.
yup. that may be a wrap.
this was a once in a generation opportunity to put a tire around the gop and set it on fire, instead hrc &amp; dnc gave them an out
you can criticize trump for a million things, this is not one of them. this is the media in panic mode.
and trump in his usual moronic mode. words matter. he needs to stop trying to use them. he can't handle them.
problem w bernie followers is 1, they know hill screwed him &amp; 2, they know he sold out to her.
do you see any difference btwn trump &amp; clinton? i'm curious...
i mean it's not like we have been at war on four fronts for 15 years or something.
have you ever looked at chart of lives lost in war over last 20 years compared to previous eras?
hillary clinton in black history
i too thought some of the crack gang members were super predators. nyc in the early 90s was hellish in some areas
once my mom sees me awake she wants to have a full blown conversation sis it's 9 am
ill have a conversation with your mom
ostrich?! holy crap! is that a joke? that's an 80's video game villain.
but enough about trump
trump is maliciously defaming clinton and humiliating obama on birtherism. doesn't seem to matter. usa succumbing to trump.
neither et al call trump out on his lies and half truths. &amp; do report his lies
well, given that you could either do all 5 or pick 3, i assume the latter threw a fucking wrench in everything.
but still. you could easily pack 200+ orders a day. just annoying. i won't buy from them again
hi yeah all better i got out and now im helping others. hope your doing ok now. stay strong
unfortunately no, but will soon
lmfao yo my bro actually did this before
it's a go to move bro
i hope the mailman appreciates how wonderful my delivery from made his bag smell today!!!
oh no! they blended a ! haha. maybe the smell fueled the employee all day!
. citing , which would maintain all sanctions related to russia's invasions of donbas and crimea until they leave
. and discussing and current initiatives at un and us govt levels to aid ua
"the future.... will be 'marketing' to artificial intelligence" love this . would love to hear more.
happy to discuss one day!
michael noticed me twice i talked to him on the phone and he saw my snapchat and ignored my friend request a few days ago i cry
btw if you happen to have a convo with michael try to act submissive so then he'll act like a cute lil softie towards you
...i won't say i'm afraid, because i'm not...but i know we are better than that and want him crushed.
i hope its the majority of americans because this has been so depressing to see how much bad is out there
doesn't the new gig require overs?
ive been enjoying sweet action for 2 years. only bet 1 under in my life, whitehurst-mettenberger bowl last season. never again.
michael noticed me twice i talked to him on the phone and he saw my snapchat and ignored my friend request a few days ago i cry
hes literally so sweet i cried so much he tried to comfort me over the phone oml
weird dream: prescott park decided to continue mermaid inside for fall &amp; had to replace a bunch of people bc of school (1/4)
(2/4) including - so they asked me to do it with no notice and i didn't know any of the songs or anything literally at all
this was my first required reading in college (course title: "american dreams, american nightmares"). i loved it.
oh shit, me too - for a "dramatic structure and theatrical process" course. changed so much of what i knew about theater.
poll average: vs. .
rcp only uses select pollsters. imagine if they were really fair? trump is there!!
thrilled to see victor cruz salsa again. cruz + beckham will trade $24k for that moment (and a win) any time
the nfl's war on choreography continues.
i just did something totally irrational and terrifying while having coffee.
you bought it?
saturday: president speaks at congressional black caucus dinner; mrs. o also attending
he stands alone ...
lmao especially if the neck trash
oh nah it the kneck trash you gotta beat her ass so she leave
but i repeat myself (again)
now let's hear your definition of a rwrepublican.
u.s. said they wanted bernie. obama ignored us and endorsed his criminal friend. hillary. we all will lose for their corruption. ..
this is so stupid. we will lose because u r unwilling to admit that the majority voted for hillar voting 3rd party is on u
on this day in 1787, the u.s.constitution was signed by 39 delegates in philadelphia. today we celebrate the liberty and freedom it provides
scott, you are a complete phony! u never do anything for your constituents. working to defeat you.
this is a good story despite the "call it" cliche:
actually bt's initials are 'bs'man-just sayin dolt!!!
unrecoverable imma just skip today
actually who trynna get buckets today
what we have so far. come back tmrw to see it finished!
that looks really great! what medium are you using ?
this is a hard question smh
i never answered that question lmaooooo
great interview in . i loved hearing about your daily process.
thank you for reading, june!
airport travel tip: at baggage claim please don't lineup along the belt. if everyone did that, nobody could get their bags.
right!? or everyone take 2 steps back. see your bag? step fwd and retrieve.
good morning everyone! happy saturday!
hi cutie :)
not familiar with steelers bars in wpb. maybe can help? have a great time!
thanks. i knew there was another steelers fan in the area but couldn't remember handle.
.: the isn't a license to threaten violence. your extremism has no place in the white house.
trump is a and
(2/4) including - so they asked me to do it with no notice and i didn't know any of the songs or anything literally at all
(3/4) so dk offered to stand on the side and sing the words for me instead??? and the cast had like no people in it and someone from
when moving 4000 people off a ship, 1 single tiny gangway is really not enough
turns out it's not 's fault, customs &amp; border protection sent 4 officers to process the 4000 people
u.s. said they wanted bernie. obama ignored us and endorsed his criminal friend. hillary. we all will lose for their corruption. ..
if you vote for jill or johnson its on you. hillary is great. why don't you do what bernie is asking u 2 do?
...has been hillary coverage or hillary/trump equivalencies. let's hope it's been a bad few weeks. good chance that's the case.
new managing editor is a quietly important story for nyt news desks, particularly politics.
cursed image 1626
brilliant! lol
woke up at 6 am to the sound of the rain. perfect revising weather! *brews coffee*
ahhhhh i'm jealous. i'm going to work.
even one life is too many. i don't find excuses for warmongering for profit like democrats do.
totally agree, but trend line is down and perfection is impossible. you know that.
the offer went in. cross your fingers!
strong brew
we had a countdown clock on press conferences. no such thing on taxes. but no media role here at all.
what would the clock count down to?
(3/4) so dk offered to stand on the side and sing the words for me instead??? and the cast had like no people in it and someone from
(4/4)little women who i don't know in real life was giving me advice and was like, "you should sing the songs more" and i was like idk them.
looks good bruv
hello hello all
join a guided meditation tomorrow, 10-11:30am.
lovingkindness, move afrocentering, opens space in meditation.
why i'm an independent.
i'm a conservative not registered to any party. in ny there is an "independent party" that truly sucks.
yea, sounds like he's out.
shame. oh well.
u.s. said they wanted bernie. obama ignored us and endorsed his criminal friend. hillary. we all will lose for their corruption. ..
if you trusted bernie enough to have voted for him then why don't you trust him enough to tell you whom to vote for?
exposed! hugh hewitt is intentionally sabotaging 's campaign
why bother listening to him when you can listen to rush limbaugh?
for someone as stridently sanctimonious as you are, you are breathtakingly dishonest.
ron is a total fraud
well and good, but it's only 1 day, the game here is repetition, day after day after day after day. they'll drop it
word lives matter! don't forget; words are remembered.
exactly so u wait till i get out
bitch we're gonna be together all night lmfao
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
the real loser is you donald. you never learned to be human.
i have reviewed the draft framework. my concern is that it focuses on everything surrounding transformative phenomena.
after some thought and further reading the concern you raise is handled in ant. tsi is built on ant.
how much yuri did riko buy
was it all yuri? because if so riko you're so far in the closet...
the race is tightening for a painfully simple reason -- idiots are voting 3rd party.. via
made this mistake in 1980 (when i was young &amp; naive). have regretted it ever since.
outside of beaver stadium. speechless.
you approve?
ready to be fierce this weekend?
when does new season start?
trump once more dog whistles violence, saying about clinton's guards today, "take their guns away, let's see what happens to her."
trump is an . period.
twitter-add
looks like a party to me :)
about time.
4 nyt stories in today's paper directly call out trump lies
chatted with this guy as we boarded
love his name cawfee lol
gaga shook the table with this one
she really did
hasn't "courageous cancer survivor story" been a biweekly gameday feature for years?
yep. unless they can find a blind kid.
it comes from purpose... like debate, communication and sharing.
purpose is the same phenomenon as intent.
i saw people putting salad onto their pizzas in the late 90s. it drove me crazy... and it was in ny. gah!
i know some people were trying to make that a thing. it won't ever be. never. never
america was founded on judaeo-christian values advocate them and gain support!
repent be contrite with sincerity! american needs faith revival!
is trending. it's all cat gifs. eagerly awaiting your contribution.
i would, but one of my cats is sitting on me in bed and i can't move.
love being back in the big easy!
great destination for exemplary dining.
donald trump on hillary clinton bodyguards: "take their guns away, see what happens to her"
trump is an . period.
register now for my town hall this monday in hanover twp at 11:00 - space is limited.
you are just awful, and hateful.
how long until the primitive technology guy gets to the shirt-making process?
primitive technology: c++
my wife and i got married on november 3, 2012, the day uva last won a road game (33-6 at nc state).
good lord that's sad from a football perspective (it was a great night and great celebration). happy the wives saw each other
gotta have a good spatula too
no spatula. slides right out of pan
yes. brilliant. i'm sure many people read this article all the way to the end.
"many people are saying" they read this article to the end
but how? call your senator the newspaper msnbc? this is a question of national security to see if he's a manchurian candidate
i keep writing to news stations telling them to stop covering him if he doesnt release them
what is firefox nightly?
dev version of firefox which betas new specs:
i disagree with people who think you learn more from getting beat up than you do from winning. -tom cruise win this weekend, twitter. win.
love your daily morning messages!!
she just took 132 million from wall st because she's such a wonderful public speaker ?
that's all you got? what's really behind this anti-hrc stuff? too much for ya'll?
. lost his mind over trump conference yesterday. called it a hotel advertisement when most was dedicated to military endorsements.
major who was at one time a good journalist has bought into being a fraudsee do!!!
why does my whole family hate me
bc ur da worst
google ad sense sometimes targets ads based on searches.
this isn't okp but same ad
this is a devastating and suspenseful read, by a former spymaster and secdef who now says what he damn well thinks.
also keen insight into gates's personal lack of character. guess he's done.
it comes from purpose... like debate, communication and sharing.
refine intent. notice, engage, mull, ex refine your intent. might be rinemeri
... caring about employees even 1/5th as much as you care about the customers, right?
just gave a talk and used customer exp focus as example of engagement failure,starts w/employee exp not "unboxing"
the wording here ...
only because they were playing football and are blind.
last 2 rts. absolutely spot on. shambles
where's olivier?
being a gre proctor has made me increasingly happy that i found a grad program that allows you to not take it if you meet other requirements
i literally chose grad schools based on which required the gre for my masters and which didn't. fuck that test
lost another 2.2 lbs since my last weigh in &amp; 20.6lbs total!
congrats sweetie :)
looking forward to the update! any timescales in mind?
hoping to finish next week ... then it goes in for review and the publication process.
aaahhhhh bummer! but knowing you, you'll come back home with so many ideas! you still need to tell me your latest one!
oh yeah!! it's how space pirate and pilot meet! i need to shower but will send :))
. it wasn't always so, but today "right-wing republican" is entirely redundant.
true, and i remember...the eisenhower days. the last time i was a republican.
good morning to the most beautiful women in the world
thanks kevin
think that may have had some influence on latest coverage?
not the move - but the blowback that preceded it, which reached the publisher's floor.
it's time to accept reality; the yankees are done for this year.
september schedule was brutal. we had some fun though
r&amp;b album of the decade.
umm where are all the rtw remixes?
here is the link for the
thx im trying to figure out how to get started with it
i don't think of this as a gay novel. there was only one character who identified as gay and he was tertiary. it's about trauma.
totally fair. i don't think of it as a gay novel necessarily, but am interested in how her peak trauma is localized in gayness
how many believe any of t's ppl know where a library is or can read?
comic books maybe...with lots and lots of pictures.
i wish the fife and drum band would stop playing outside my window
sorry we were just practicing
if a public defender believes their client is guilty they have the right to remove themselves from a case (2/2)
you don't really know what you're talking about. this happens in the practice of law all the time.
i'm dropping hints that i'm shook.
private show is better
clintons n "american values".unbridled immigration, depletion of military strength, political correctness, loss of 1an2a.--american values?
(2) those are not american values no matter how they try to color it. country, family and god, first. those are american
thanks to my top interactors! via
always a pleasure
here's yet more proof that just because someone is an atheist, they aren't necessarily rational.
he believes in both the flat earth and astrology, double the derpitude.
cis gay people: stop calling straight (passing) people breeders. k thx
1. you're perpetuating the idea that women are only here to make babies
. started reading your book"likeable social media(revised&amp;expanded2edition)"i must say am learning more &amp;thanks to.
. thanks so much!
i will never understand people who buy $100 sunglasses.
these are the same people who buy $30 packs of fancy toothpicks.
from client's standpoint they can claim mistrial if it comes out that their lawyer believed they were guilty
and this can't possibly be what you really have against her. you supporting trump?
here's video of trump walking out in miami to "do you hear the people sing" from les mis:
this is spectacularly awesome
you should split up nyabf to 2 days... also because this is happening tomorrow
ya some of us are leaving tom afternoon, but i will def pass this onto the group !!
k so maybe james blake does have too much bass for 9am. point taken, wall knockers.
james blake is meant to be played at ignorant levels and emotionally sung at the top of your lungs. it's in the bible somewhere.
guess what's coming in the mail wednesday!!!
hmmmmmm... a ps4????
it's time for donald trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee.
release your wall street transcripts and emails
so once again, a so called male saying his gender incapable saying no. no control over their own bodies.
tells us a lot about george christensen and his demons.
our apologies. we have contacted the hotel and a member of management will reach out to better address the concerns. thank you.
how would they find me? we are here &amp; being treated like crap &amp; today we have more coming!!!!! the rooms must be ready 4 party!
1. you're perpetuating the idea that women are only here to make babies
2. you're erasing trans/non binary people who can also have kids
no! not at all lol! jim ryan did great is back tomorrow
i'll be back in the morning! see you bright and early at 5 am on !
thank you for the fantastic book likeable social media! very insightful. it has given our team !!
thanks so much! please consider leaving an review, makes a big difference for me. !
geraldo 'incites' lack of common sense.
its amazing he is always suggesting different routes for trump. trump is doing great, focused, informative.
great post by : "venture capital is a hell of a drug"
"...the increased burn is used to search for a model that works, the company quickly learns that capital has no insights; it's just money."
joke: palaiologan dynasty woke: komnenid dynasty fedora tier: macedonian dynasty what are you even doing tier: justinian dynasty
justinian totally overrated. but why rag on the macedonians?
when isn't killing animals, he's disparaging moms. he and his are trash.
the whole family is so stupid.
i'm not enjoying stranger things as much as i thought i would. after two episodes it feels like a tv movie stretched out to an entire series
i felt exactly the same way the first two episodes. didn't wanna continue. wife made me, episode 3 is where it gets amazing.
how much evidence can there be that trump is not a serious person?
this man has zero integrity. nada. zip.
live long and prosper.
he said it the one time spock met yoda, and then they mind melded, and then went to band camp.....
how would they find me? we are here &amp; being treated like crap &amp; today we have more coming!!!!! the rooms must be ready 4 party!
room is in name gertrude not me. must be contacted like now not after we leave bc this is a huge weekend for us and we trusted u
.: "barack and i will work on your behalf for the rest of our lives"
don't they always say that? i'm tired of speeches i need actions
edward albee, who charted the gap between self-delusion and truth in contemporary life. dies at 88
virginia wolf was remarkable.
and then apparently going to school the morning after dafuq
ikr...i thought halloween was on a friday this year
blackrock's larry fink is the most powerful man on wall street, his aladdin software tracks $15 trillion in assets
he carries himself quite well. not the sanctimonious type at all. humility seems to accompany him in his interviews.
stevie fell for the buyout by p/e buzz i am certain.
why not... he was not the only one, plus a "short squeeze"
i the way the feel the way you look at me join &amp; see more
good morning i love the way they hug your ass. monday's is my birthday
it's getting more insane daily. only in pc america... football fans told to stop chanting usa usa!!! |
lol! dt more insane than anyone but u bemoan injecting some sensitivity into the game.
feeling inspired by so many stories of overcoming adversity and having the courage to persevere at . glad they shared.
people put up too many obstacles to block others so they feel safe - but helping others win raises your bar too!
drinking kool-aid from jim jones
but which jim jones?
yep i did the exact same, no shame in that haha standardized testing is a joke anyway
agreed. i have one more to get my social work license but i've been putting it off cause they give me so much anxiety lol
2. you're erasing trans/non binary people who can also have kids
3. as a black woman who's ancestors were actually bred like cattle i'm all kinds of offended at your ignorance so stop
this really sucks. do you think doing a fresh restore would fix it? obviously not optimal, but mine has been fine.
it's freshly restored, from when i swapped my phone.
that stunt was the most vile, insulting thing i've seen this campaign season.
trump is an
we're seeing angel olsen tonight and i am already having a meltdown
at webster? i was thinking about going but i dunno if my heart can handle it rn
that sucks! i was really funny!!
got them both eventually. i really love after show shows
its almost here! i am prepared and ready to work! @ thumbnail credit =
can't way to start ut... i am dropping 12k fp day 1. i decided to spend $$$ on packs
record 2015,78-84 home 43-38 road 35-46 2016,83-64 home 44-32 road 39-32
whatever the record, it's late september and games are meaningful...
what was that ?
that was a joke.... it waa quoted and the gif us of them with a teen choice.
but in all seriousness go to dr. punta cana is usually lit all year round. watch out for hurricane season tho.
hey annnnelwhat's good homie. yeah we decided to do dr i cannot wait! i was looking at punta cana and sosua.
playing "sweet home alabama" on a manhattan bound subway. it's gonna be a good day
i feel like if your life was a movie this would be the opening scene
the rate at which i lose sunglasses is inversely proportional to the amount i spend on sunglasses.
best pair of sunglasses i've ever owned were $5 aviators.
2. you're erasing trans/non binary people who can also have kids
3. as a black woman whose ancestors were actually bred like cattle i'm all kinds of offended at your ignorance so stop
who is this kid
shes illegal
honestly, if it takes him five years to confirm the birth nation of one man, this whole mass deportation thing is gonna be mad slow.
not sure jf i'm more impressed by your tweet or that you use roxette lyrics as your twitter bio
keith is just trying to get attention bc he's jealous his ex-girlfriend is getting attention!
for real? that's his ex?
i can't deal with the new imessage and it's making my phone slow and i just got it less than a month ago
it's... pretty weird in the beginning but i'm gonna get the 7 anyway so i may as well get used to it
its almost here! i am prepared and ready to work! @ thumbnail credit =
can't wait to start ut... i am dropping 12k fp day 1. i decided to spend $$$ on packs
i'm so sick of this election.
i been sick of it since march.
had a dream that donald trump had me artificially insemeinated to prove he wouldnt make me get an abortion also he kept playing aerosmith
what aerosmith
yes, mighty mc! everything is on camera! mmm!
maybe the fed ex guy was trying to deliver to a student in the bus.
point of this post was?
"chickens come home to roost" . these two didn't and they misbehaved.
ratings to see if he says something shocking
unfortunately. it would take a lot of balls
just because you miss someone, doesn't mean you need them back in your life. missing is just a part of moving on
this is what i need to get through my head
this deeply upsets me bc its my favorite holiday and it's ruined by school again.
i just want some late night goosebumps marathons and some candy ...and to be dressed like bob ross for a day ... you know
i used to love when that happened. until i went back and things were still slightly crappy...
people rely on me so much that it gets very annoying. it's like every 2 seconds someone is asking me a question
i have a new pamphlet with happenstance!
i love the cover!
good morning sweet friends "
charlie that is really beautiful you pick some nicest stuff all the time
anyone wanna go on a date to with me? nate seems to think he's too good for their delicious baby back ribs.
have you tried singing the jingle to him?
what is hands down the worst product you could buy?
methamphetamines
' team on the way to san francisco with clemens bleile &amp;
safe travel see you tonight
this is 50% weird nra argument and 50% riling up base with fantasies of clinton being killed: death porn.
take away yout 11 security firms coward.
oooo so you don't have family members come over?
all the time. i live with my brother him and his kids who come by are scared shitless of dogs.
uh oh. that's bad if it's going to be on all of them next year
welp have i got some bad news
--hey a-hole, hillary brought this up during 2008 campaign!
hey misogynist no she didn"t get a brain before you come back with more lies.
with trump foundation, trump u, florida pay-to-play and other corruption cases brewing, a trump win may well produce the pence presidency.
is that an improvement?
i'm not ashamed to admit that i own a pair of oakleys that i've had for 6 years now. come at me.
hey, at least that's some roi
and i would totally die if you were!
girl we both gonna be there!!!
game day.....x'y has reservations for 6 today i'm feeling it
where @ ? time?
:democrat zombie, as with countless other lies, hillary started it but someone else took the fall like benghazi.
you are a man without a brain or soul. i will pray that you get one or the other.
i would literally pay real money to be in the room when this happens
i hope they can dumb the science down enough for him.
i'm a little disappointed i won't get to experience winter in new england this year.
the first year i spent in the bay area i really had that weird sense of mourning for missing winter. never thought i'd say that.
fat is unhealthy. you should eat a diet low in fat.
why do americans believe fat is healthy? portion size is definitely . the right omega fat acids are good in very sml qty's
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
if it wasn't for your father you would be the salesman at a carpet store
:lie like a clinton since this was a democrat lie started for a democrat primary!
max you really need a brain.
just got charlie a prince costume for halloween
pictureessss
i've gotta do my art homework and i really wanted to draw this one kid, but he wouldnt stop moving.!.
i haven't even started mineeee i have no idea what prompt to do this week
forgot the count of cases against aap mlas and leaders, can some1 help
check with deep blue computer creators if it can be loaned to do the math for you!
watched unfriended, and i don't think i've seen a film where there's a haunted hp printer driver before
that movie is amazing when you think about it. like so much of the acting is done by the mouse pointer animator.
con el gran colo buenos 3 puntos para seguir with the great colo good 3 points to go on
why is jeremy known as
with the wonderful friend at fashion show and what a show !!
awesome picture by the both of you. looking gorgeous.
the children of eden score is so fucking beautiful!
still itching to play eve/mama noah
"call it the trillion-dollar lie:" in private trump aides said he would keep tax cut, gets endorsement. then flipped.
. the trump legacy in a nutshell.
maybe the fed ex guy was trying to deliver to a student in the bus.
who did you kiss under that moon last nite, queen amy?! be candid!
yeah im no where near getting the 7 anytime soon and im still getting used to how big the 6 is bc im used to my 5s
lmao i had a 5c and then it was stolen at porta so i had to upgrade and get the 6 and it was depressing but life actually goes on
another game i wish i could replay again is enslaved: odyssey to the west. ninja theory makes some damn good games.
every time i see horizon: zero dawn i'm reminded of enslaved. i'd love to explore that world again
may have been all you questioned, background checks are needed, not understanding the fight on that
i've passed a bgc for every gun i've purchased.
congratulations on your new iphone 7! please dm us and tell us a little more about what's going on.
thanks for responding! means a lot. i am all good now, it just took 4 try's to set up my phone.
the case of: jonbent ramsey's jim clemente hints at murderer's identity
how about the case of "who gives a damn"?
absolutely! speak on friend! i do some work cybersecurity &amp; the threats are very real &amp; very scary. these guys are terrorists.
that's awesome! i am trying to steer my son into it but he has little interest. we need to put more resources into cybersecurity!
i would literally pay real money to be in the room when this happens
they should just give him the raw data. that would keep him busy for his term in government
omfg i want a pup
you and me both girl
which subway station? you could ask at ticket booth for assistance. i did once when my shoe fell into the gap between platform &amp; train
6th ave &amp; 14th. it was yesterday but maybe still worth a shot?
who cares about the game
more importantly how do we dressed for oct 1st weather...
house of amber - ride listen here
thanks for playing our new single 'ride' our single on
what the hell is a sanchocho
another spanish word you're going to butcher, .
brian billick on 2 thngs a hc can't do to survive: miss on a 1st round qb. or not take a 1st round qb when he's available.
but hue didn't choose to pass on wentz, did he? and still way too early to judge imo
sent this to spox, to ask how he will fulfill promise to give $5m if assured pres. obama born in us
did you forget the video where he promised to give us his taxes if he got the birth certificate
happy constitution day! now, please go read it
better have shep and megyn read it
hello cynthia, have you tried rebooting your cable box yet? ^jh
yes! it worked! thank you!!
boy. i still don't know who he even is.
don't even trip in him lmao
you're a fool not to see it. it's as plain as the egg on your face.
seeing things that aren't there. no egg on my face. history proves ur wrong about trump.
lmfaoooo im pissing
bella beats the shit out of me
he's starting a cult, mark. don't listen to his lies
, imagine the night time photo walks you couple lead
i'm sorry :(. i got notification mine shipped today. will be here tuesday. i had 2 scramble to order a case &amp; screen protector
lucky! lol. i am still waiting for the shipment notification so i can order a case and a glass screen protector.
who cleans up all that paper when the flash runs out of a room?
i lie awake at night thinking about this
former bills offensive coordinator greg roman has released a statement:
"that fat ball of useless shit rex ryan blaming me b/c he cant ever develop a qb?"
hey annnnelwhat's good homie. yeah we decided to do dr i cannot wait! i was looking at punta cana and sosua.
sosua is still developing as next touristy place. it's nice but punta cana already has it all. plus the beach is better
do you really hate yourself this much?
it was fine by itself. would have been more iconic if she ignored it the whole way through.
this debate will most likely be the most watched debate in the history of politics!
of course. hes "the ratings king". he forgets we all slow down for accidents.
met me at the booth and we traded t-shirts! i can't wait to wear his shirt! rt
great pic :)
i swear i think trump will win them.all
hrc rigged the 2016 primary since 4yrs ago, watch video pls rt
didn't know those were still being bought
its a shame
lmaoooo my hand cramps trying to text with one hand smh
you just have to get the groove down, you got this
id like to see you try
please pitch a baseball at me so i can hit a liner at you
wow, you're a holdout for the old yoplait style?
absolutely. there are few things i feel passionately about, but yogurt with a runny consistency is one of them
interrogate trump: donald trump once again invokes hillary clinton's assassination
send this to the secret service. i already did once. the more they get the more they will look into it
this morning, trump once again said multiple falsehoods about his position on the war in iraq, now citing hannity:
can everyone stop saying "falsehoods" &amp; replace it with lies? he doesn't deserve any word finesse &amp; it's the truth.
is that introvert endorphins or introvert anxiety adrenalin?
i think of myself as an introvert who's good with people. takes more for me to feel comfortable knowing/meeting humans...
lmaooo ain't no need for all that contact within the hour son
example pizza zoo; i saw ray one time and that's it! no need to dap up again if i saw him at the bar lmfao
god bless another year
ur cool happy. happy birthday again loser
the first of a million selfies on my iphone 7. sorry not sorry.
im about to go pick mine up
clinton camp responds to trump's call to disarm her bodyguards and "see what happens"
trump is an
like the word sucking. by definition, i feel like there's so much more to it. so we need a better description.
i understood, it just has me thinking because you're right
four radio shows, one podcast, one tv spot, one webcast and a column today. i'm tired. but let's answer some tweets! fire away!
what team will get up and run the ball more than expected
lost another 2.2 lbs since my last weigh in &amp; 20.6lbs total!
you should have posted pics and you when through your transformation :)
and the liminal space between friendship and romance that was the only vestige for the victim to carve out "a little life"
thats a thoughtful interpretation. i guess i'm just stuck on that toxic historical trope of pain and gayness as codependent
if this was true, thanksgiving would never be the same.
where can i purchase this?
i love bad weather. snow storms, hurricanes etc. do hurricanes come to the bay?
no, not really. there was one winter (2005 i think?) where it rained like literally every day for months.
best review i have read for recore is that it had insulting design? wtf does that mean
reviews/reviewers like that simply prove that their is an agenda against ms/xbox. smh.. its pretty sad actually.
i really can't believe there are latin@ or mexicans that are actually truly planning to vote trump. i just don't get their mindset
it's like trying to be best friends with the bully. why? why would you want to back up this person who is nasty &amp; hateful?
good morning!
good morning!
the clinton foundation and laundromat gives most of its money to -- the clintons. surprised?
no they give to the charity. which they get none of. what horrible journalism.
i think of myself as an introvert who's good with people. takes more for me to feel comfortable knowing/meeting humans...
...but once i get over the hump it does give me energy. just takes me more energy to spin up than it would an extrovert
we need to watch this episode lmao
he said usually his pig is already fried! we gotta watch
we appear to be sold out! good work, team! cc
on behalf of the entire team, a message from :
i suck at pitching and i bet you still couldn't hit me
pshh we will see. homerun derby soon, you against me
. read about &amp; then see her 9/20
thank you!!!
seriously next level thievery by . it is absolutely disgusting.
is that a or dealership issue? just curious how this happened.
i love bad weather. snow storms, hurricanes etc. do hurricanes come to the bay?
tsunamis are occasionally a concern...
i'm weak in the knees lol. i think i may just go for the bag
wait and see when you go!
it should be illegal drinking from 230pm til now but i'm the greatest alcoholic u ever met.
and they were both nice too
that's because they have been down graded to tropical depressions. ask :-p
..o my god lol
. read about &amp; then see her 9/20
thank you so much for the years of support!
...has been hillary coverage or hillary/trump equivalencies. let's hope it's been a bad few weeks. good chance that's the case.
front page online 4x "trump is a liar". 1st in 164 years of the times.
house of amber - ride listen here
thanks for playing our new single 'ride' via
edv that's the one for me, you see
is that wine or water?
soon touch oistins... this curtain mad ugly
it really brings out the color in your eyes.
umm wow. gov vetoed. public opposed. police chiefs opposed. but do it anyway? remind me again who you represent?
mo state leg is as bad as tx. endangering lives 4 right-wing political points
on behalf of the entire team, a message from :
meanwhile, if you want to come but didn't buy tickets yet, try calling the venue after 11:30am to see about a waiting list. 212.695.6909
for any jerks trying to blame bernie for hrcs demise, he did all 3 cable shows today and 2 rallies
and where is anyone blaming for something??
it depends on your provider. it's on hd on fios.
hanks. no go on time warner.
i want a husky or corgi. lol just want a dog. i'll do whatever.
i fell in love with huskies back in middle school one of my best friends had one thing was huge a true beast but so playful.
always and forever
nice, see you out there
sunday 5p et: it's campaign coverage with a twist! don't miss w/ and .
hope they are not toooo biased-but i'll give it a shot. desperately need something fresh from fox!!!!
seriously, this issue is over..... ruptured pipeline spills oil into yellowstone river
plus pipeline break in ga and sc.
i hate when that happens! don't ask, if you only want me to say what you want to hear!
i can bite my tongue....but once you ask me what i thing....the flood gate is open
looking back, the tooth fairy was always pretty cheap. but i appreciated her business nonetheless.
better returns then losing teeth as an adult when you have to pay the orthodontist
had chemo yesterday no twittering
feel better fast!
saw this a airport
thanks! it was mainly 's doing.
fella next to you ain't no mug either
decent pair of ch's for ya carlos .
"when people hide financial documents, there's a reason for it."
that's bs; i don't have anything to hide but feel like sharing my tax returns with the world
ive been up since 3:30 at work -.-
fuck that's too early
former kkk leader &amp; trump supporter david duke seems also to be fan of young russian nationalist .
anyone who wears a pillow case over is head is a coward who is afraid to show his face, and an idiot.
most irresponsible person walking the planet ever!
...also one of the dumbest. just sayin'
i tried to convince my son too. major opportunities there. our gov &amp; businesses woefully behind in recognizing seriousness
obama mentioned it when campaigning in '08 &amp; i took notice, but so many other issues pushed it to the back burner.
i'm moving to canada. can't stand blm and cop killings. c ya
can't stand blm either...home grown terror threat allvthevyime
yes next wednesday
oh, my! i wouldn't know what to do, or say, if i ever get to be in front of !
call it the rodeo bahahahaahaahha
exactly! lol
9 times donald trump accused hillary of doing the terrible things he, himself, actually did:
so, is it ok that you did them or are you mad he did them too? help me understand your logic here.
hmmm guess what - i do have a "kare kare" recipe made out of
salamat what a recipe and it's seafood
florida clerk says she was fired for not issuing same-sex marriage certificates
good, she should have been fired, do your job or lose it!
ny hallucinations
switched up carly's song about la over a missy beat
thankfully, the fluoxetine work for me, though i hate the fact that i have to take them to stabilise my mood.
stay strong no matter what,ur a warrior
i can't wait to shower ... coming to the airport straight from the club ... feel like
berghain filth
happy birthday to my fave townie love you s'much
awe thanks bby love working with you cutie
you really don't want to get janet on your case this morning. she's smart and tough. like hillary!
sorry i am so sick of these men who think they have all the answers. i'm usually not this bad.
william j. bratton: how to reform policing from within, via if nothing else bratton is best self promoter
you just hit the nail on the head.
you see what's going on..i see what's goin' on..lets, stop it, queen amy!
that's a detour i'm taking w/traffic on the highway. i don't wanna hear the "s" word, queen amy!
just wonder why a race is peculiar and the others hated. by the way who are the originals in north america?
indigenous people or what we call native american people
here's another summary, but republicans are all lining up behind him.
thats his good points
yes! me either tbh, i plan on bringing tissues
can i bring my crying pillow
black caucus: whites not allowed is this the same black caucus yesterday that was trashing trump, hypocrites
the only thing black caucus is accomplishing is segregation after decades of all americans fighting against it. mlk would be sad.
two peas in a pod...flock together!!!
you know you wanna be in the flock
i went to salesian last year, we were on the baseball team
oh i'm sorry for the entire year of you being in his presence lmao he's annoying
remember how the hive fell for this scam
who would believe this
it's so pretty i can't stop looking
where's the nsfw tag? rude.
trump's trillion dollar lie: promised then backed away from tax cut
you have to offer an alternative that isn't a sickly old crooked &amp; corrupt life time criminal.
their story is also in kino klcc
!!! i had no idea there was a print collection! wonder if there's any chance kinokuniya manhattan has it...
a message about today's date:
now that's the perfect romantic picture. love you guys
great predraft advice from donovan darius 2 eli &amp;taylor. "compare yourself wit yourself.take it 1 process at a time"
tell dd he should be at cuse today for homecoming!
this is exactly how willow thinks always food in bowl, but she will yowl like none
it's got to be perfect, the refrain of all cats
. and discussing and current initiatives at un and us govt levels to aid ua
.: if the west doesn't aid ukraine at this time, then "shame on us"
&amp; tamias fone would break at the worst possible time ever
dm her bby!
football loses to oak grove 28-0. peter snodgrass ('17) had 3 sacks.
and jackson clough '18 had 10 yards on 2 carries. (sorry, he's mine)
what morning is like when a 6 y/o &amp; 3 y/o are waking you up on a saturday morning.
how old do they have to be before they can bring you your morning coffee? : d
fam let me retweet you!!
nah e, you can not retweet my girl natalie's bars.
i'm at a party where mary j. blige is playing and is in the room. you know, friday.
you're a long way from middletown.
i'm not alt-right but knows the botox leaked into his brain, he couldn't hang with me for 5 minutes.
botox? that explains it.. i always thought he looked like a vulcan.
picking my son up from divers ed. this may be the most dangerous parking lot in the world.
the rosewood's is pretty awful.
gday john and all
morning family
you talking about the field hockey squad? i mean they are 6-0 and ranked . you better not be giving up on them!!!!!!!!
is this your way of inviting me on your podcast?
the one that got away?
no. she was evil.
nah yall gotta watch this funny mess.
reminds me of will ferrel
weird but beautiful
12 times for me and great wait until you're a g-g-pop 3 times
trainers can look forward to for apple watch later in 2016!
yay finally!!!
doesn't surprise me at all
the problem is the game is in almost november and i have no idea what the weather is so i need to plan a cool&amp;cold outfit lol
electroceuticals have gotten really charged up; has a very up-to-date feature
true but pts don't want implanted devices nor docs w/o interventional med background. noninvasive solutions r key!
i am a good fucking person. so dont make it seem like i was the one who was tryna get at you. drunk isnt my type so go home.
lmfaoooo this is great.,,, fuck sara!
factor out gayness. i feel like pedophiles are their own sexuality and child abuse robbed jude of any sort of sexuality.
why and how factor out gayness? he does have an adult sexuality, with men. also, see press around the book
my building knows how to do weekends.
a very good night. bty: cool shoes and congrats on your anthony. much deserved.
after five years of deception, donald trump surrenders to the truth about president obama's birthplace
still curious to know why/when he stopped believing. what finally convinced him? someone should ask 'til he answers.
when the sun dies, the charred, lifeless remains of earth will leave no evidence that humanity ever existed at all
and our planet earth will be another dead planet.
that shirt is straight
i'm breaking out the nike "it's spreading" 1999 shirt for the game today.
programmatic can be a guessing game and the system is rigged against media companies.
more smart folks in the industry are starting to get this. best to leave the exchanges and sell direct.
the link preview is not helping.
i was like "unassisted childbirth led to kid rock....this practice must be stopped!"
the race is tightening for a painfully simple reason -- idiots are voting 3rd party.. via
and third parties &amp; their voters are doing what ralf nader did to gore in 2000. he unwittingly made bush win.
deandre jordan definitely, but idk about gobert
whiteside is clearly better lol what deandre does best whiteside is better at
i'm okay with the design being the same, but it does need a jailbreak.
homekit stuff seems fun for my hue lights.
sometimes i read this article about 'decimate' just to imagine how much it upsets people.
i feel like we're destined to be archenemies someday.
.... it is real ;)
i know all about it. my keystrokes are for the ether.
lmao i remember those
how was that allowed???? like why
i mean should've been about the other ships but nooo now everything evolves around larry and that pusses me off
it's not explicitly about larry - we created a new boyband "truth" for this series
exactly. and tells me to ask for a refund due to their driver's laziness? this is insanity.
it might be less laziness &amp; more totally unreasonable expectations of the drivers: either way, not your fault or
another member of the bush administration, robert gates, telling us to vote for hillary this is a trump endorsement
always thought he was not credible when you can work with polar opposite admins
rt if u a lil stressed
gonna fav cause only a lil
thinking a lot these days about "distractions" that keep us from being present with one another
the irony of posting this on twitter, rob
he's a sociopath who has no conscience which is why he says the things he says &amp; does what he does
i was glad to see that nunberg surrogate guy admit to where he was coming from, i.e. tea party, radio etc
hot-take: ios 10 is a legit existential threat to snapchat unless they are able to put up major updates or content deals. ideally both.
slightly frantic
with hot takes like that...you should have your own podcast. we're not worthy of having you on
thanks luke. means a lot coming from such a season podcaster.
happy birthday dude ^-^
thanks my dude
when you field day af (part 2)
your forehead is quite large
maybe you could plan it like the week before instead of 2 months before....?
see i should but i'm to anxious to wait lol
hot-take: ios 10 is a legit existential threat to snapchat unless they are able to put up major updates or content deals. ideally both.
slightly dramatic
man i was so mad fruit cakes
all softies , you ever find out if aaron is okay?
--you mean that she's self serving lying garbage with a taste for sh-t like most hillary trolls.
oh max honey u r not letting me down. i though u were a deplorable your tweet only proves it. get some balls.
has anybody made an app for recording just a single window? similar to + + 4 + space, except recording instead of taking a screenshot.
not to my knowledge
it's my birthday
happy birthday! :d
the ground swell of supporters are just like him, a racist, cowardly, bigot.
dumb! even many of hitler's followers knew they'd created a monster, after it was too late of course
happy birthday fam
thank you my man
how long are you here for? lunch? dinner?
until tue but only in cupertino for the day. i'll message you when i know the schedule.
that's breaking &amp; entering, and theft. i tried it once, the guy kept yelling at me to get out of his house. real weird day... lol
can't help everyone but at least you tried
was able to capture the moon with my zoom lens again.
dark mascara dripping down my face / only fools could ever feel this way
also not enough cybersecurity experts around. gov/companies can't find people to hire.
this is what my son said to me yesterday. so many jobs if people get the right education. kids spending money on dead end degrees
how gorgeous! we know being home is the best, thanks for sharing your view.
thank you for the great crew. the lady &amp; gentleman serving right side of main cabin extra (18l) were awesome! aa107 sept 16th
well if you have time to do this you have time to go to the gym with me
i was meaning to ask, did you get one for jacked??
remember when made a couple original movies? y don't you 2 try 2 lobby da mouse 2 do it again &amp; co-write script
or get involved in s. greeny, how about a doc on the painful history 4 jets fans. "when broadway left ny"
he's not miles ahead of him or anything. hassan just waaaay to inconsistent. he should be ranked better by next season
hassan a way better scorer way better shot blocker way better ft shooter and he hits mid range shots
after the singularity eliminates work, all our time will be spent scratching dogs.
very fine with this outcome
kasich is a globalist bum
he's not a republican leans more democratic unless hate is so huge that he's still trying2 defeat dt. mr. 1 state.
oliver queen back at it
hmu when u outta work fam we finna get lit
it's time for donald trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee.
. wonder if he gets money from all of these big corporations like you do?
i went to high school with !
so cool! we love it when he stops by
yo this ios 10 sucks.... if u haven't upgraded don't do it.
why i love it
mysterious mass death in japanese horseshoe crabs.
. sea cliff beach was covered in a couple hundred dead horseshoe crabs a few days ago. is that normal?
10000000% accurate. geezus. big and bubble like for no reason. this does not look refined at all.
not loving this either. whoever is doing this stuff now has no sense of visual harmony imho.
they don't have a link, so this is the best i can do. i really need to get back there.
purrfect! i believe this is close to where i'll be spending most of my time. i'll head there for a quick bite.
hahaha that's amazing !!!
if only it was true! and joanna was helping me out my costume on backstage ahaha
this is the second time. the secret service should arrest this maniac. he is inciting violence against his opponent
trump is an
a real charmer. a real hit with the women in his life, i am betting.
i bet he sits and reads briebart all day while he is ironing his kkk robe
no..i dont live there any more. read my timeline of tweets &amp; youll see why i posted this story
never mind my other tweet. i read all of yours. your poor friend! and thankful for that kind cop.
or get involved in s. greeny, how about a doc on the painful history 4 jets fans. "when broadway left ny"
adman, a couple good canadian non-hockey stories out there. cfl, bluejats winnin world series, vinsanity?
good morning friends &amp; fuckheads :)
good morning paul.
ok, yall. let's fess up to who we wil be *voting for* &amp; who we *favor* if down to djt vs hrc. me: gj/dj
would love to hear your two nswers. you seem quite circumspect so i didn't tag you originally. :)
hey - thanks. i do the shapes in illustrator and the texture in ps. :)
thanks for sharing! i'm always curious how people handle that stuff!
why do we need to nurture tomorrow's hr leaders? join me in berlin next week:
do you really think you'll get biz here? twitter is as un-hr as it gets
usually when a candidates admits to lying for 5 years about a racist conspiracy theory, we don't high-five them.
actually if you're the mm you high five him and reward him with 24/7 news coverage that furthers his idiotic cause.
bhop already went for his morning run and i'm still in this bed. i suck lol
bhop is a stud!
can you please make that thx you have until tomorrow
i'll drop everything and get on it, right now
this is how the f.b.i. (hilariously) impersonates a journalist.
hello i am with press that being my official occupation and therefore could you explain yourself
happy birthday belle!!!! have a great day
thanks madison miss you and love you!!!
"honest journalism was dead" then folks like crashed party
and every 'journalist' ready to point finger, cause they know its not them...
exclusive: matt lauer is being "hung out to dry" by nbc execs after his criticized interviews with clinton and trump
i actually thought he did a good job, held her accountable for once
i've noticed a few times you post things that snopes or other fact checks debunk, did you know &amp; just not post the correction?
check out these 2 links, as examples: and
they don't have a link, so this is the best i can do. i really need to get back there.
how do know if this place?
check out this place! i loved it!!
such an awesome place!
congrats getting on the 205 card! is no joke! good luck and continue to impress!
thanks i can't wait
you rock, virgilia!
love this! thank you
how much evidence can there be that trump is not a serious person?
but trump supporters don't want a serious person. they assume the government runs itself. so why not an entertaining potus?
i hate that u can't save snapchat videos to your main camera roll
you can, u gotta save it frm ya memories on snap
adman, a couple good canadian non-hockey stories out there. cfl, bluejats winnin world series, vinsanity?
or the golics can participate on a 30430 on notre dame
republicans across country should be forced to say whether they are ok with trump's comments inciting violence against hillary clinton
the media is not going to be fair and balance. they only focus on negative coverage of hillary.
right? what if he dosnt make it or something and she never got to see him?
that would have been terrible
has anybody made an app for recording just a single window? similar to + + 4 + space, except recording instead of taking a screenshot.
screenflow. you can also record a portion of a screen.
welcome to the ! let us know how your first class is!
it was the hardest but most rewarding experience of my fitness journey so far. there was sweat &amp; tears but i made it to the end
what is a xhaka?
the question is where is a xhaka?
lmaooooo nah that's the little bro, love that kid he always had me laughing
he is lmao that i can't deny, but the entire team used to have us cracking up during games.
you had never seen it?? exciting!
i'm a first timer!!
my cpu is a neuronet processor. a learning computer
are you esl? i feel like we're not communicating on the same wavelength
kimchi updates: (1) fermentation has begun!! (2) packed too tight so there was some overflow. it was in the basement sink, so no harm done.
(3) the juice is tasty but not yet sour enough for my tastes so i'm going to let it ferment at basement temp for a bit longer.
in fairness, so has everybody else: "millennials have cooled on hillary clinton, forcing a campaign reset
who is paying for the plane hrc uses?
so appreciate you and the opportunity you gracious provide to appear on your program charles. stay blessed my friend!
charles is the best eboni and you are not far behind
some thoughts on the citibike rage that was on display at cb6 this past week
interesting. you can understand the resentment. tougher in front of private residence. don't think i'd love that.
well, that's the great thing about america - whoever gets the most votes wins. see you at the voting booth.
john kerry would disagree (election 2004).
opening night at monterey jazz festival with the incomparable mr. quincy jones himself. the killer joe!!
headed there now! will you be there today?
i might end up changing my mind and going for jill but ugh i wish it was bernie so bad. i'm sad at america.
a vote for jill is at least a vote for a third party system moving forward!
oh shit! it's decorative gourd seasons, motherfuckers!
maybe the first time this sentence has been uttered in human history - legit congrats
which if i bought unlocked i would've immediately sold on ebay given the crazy prices the jet black 7s are going for.
i'm in the next program and i don't regret that decision.
almost half of us citizens believe country less great than before
half of us also think there is no global worming, earth &amp; man were created 6000 years ago. half think like man thought 6000 ago
the wwe teases 5 superstars they want john cena to face (details here:
hopefully the undertaker at wrestlemania 33 is 1 opponent of his!
mexican independence day and gay pride weekend ima carry
what are you talking about! i want to go.
fm : ukraine is existential for russia because ukraine's democratic success is a challenge for russia
the russian economy was stronger before putin invaded georgia and ukraine.
david are we due to talk
next week good. checking my dc schedule.
guess it wouldn't be good to wear polyester around all those bonfires, though--too hot &amp; inflammable
real good point.
that's the press, though. and our culture was thirsty for the great gay novel. she writes about child abuse. that's her beat.
to me, she was laboring to conjure the most miserable (and over-the-top) existence possible, and she embodied it in a gay man
tv show or anything, the problem is just the fandom at the moment , sorry for making it seem like your problem
no worries :) it's something to be aware of
indians are shitty audiences. orchestra just played a whole movement, finished, and were holding the last note, only for cell phone to ring.
in fairness, that could totally happen here
hey happy birthday
thank you!!!!!!
is it that or "put relationships before money. they're going to last longer."
thinking stewardship: taking care of yourself is more important than taking care of what god has entrusted you with
! tickets on sale now.
only there are "no open ticketing sessions to purchase this event."
the team, super miff and another long leg to go
i feel so sorry for you guys. how do you cope...
me too! i haven't been to the gym in almost 6 months lol i've only been running really
uh i havent done that since gym class so you're ahead of me
congressional black caucus is a joke. racist against white people. clearly, they are the bigots.
let them answer to god why they continue to sell out the hopes and dream s of the people their suppose to represent
however, if this is true, it should be easier to identify her rapists, so here's a very palpable benefit to facebook's "real names" policy.
does facebook actually make you prove your name is what you say it is?
there are people awake, dressed, and doing things at 7 am on a saturday. that's fucked up.
it just took everything in me to look at, appreciate, &amp; like this tweet at 10am on a saturday
yea ofc it's stone
hey what about drywa!
i have been thinking about that place ever since. i want to eat there every day. lol
what did you have?
david, apparently nothing matters. unreal...
bingo! trump supporters don't really care if he is ignorant, classless and unstable. he has personality! rogue chic.
clinton: imagine a pres who thinks our president is not a real american. dt is not fit to be president.
it was questionable and i'm not fully convinced. just sayin.
who do you think should host this season? tweet us your suggestions with .
donald glover with childish gambino as musical guest, please and thank you.
wish i was with you! love all these pics you're posting. i want to go back!!!
november babe. soon babe. sooooooooooo breakfast shenanigans
happy birthday to , one of my greatest friends who gives me so much love and a little fear.
i love you and am still coming to eat your soul
scheduled for today's show! in studio! interviews with pittsford and victor football; rush-henrietta boys soccer and brighton ftb
how about undefeated canandaigua football or boys soccer next?
has corey feldman replaced in hamilton?
it's called wait for it
remember when louis and harry had the best opportunity to call larries out but did nothing, i'm sipping my tea
niall is so over it
in honor of edward albee, i have decided to finally kill-off my pretend son today
this is a high performance tweet
can i bring my crying pillow
if someone continuously whispers "more like angelolsen" into my ear during every song i might be able to maintain some composure
12-1. and would be 3 on the bounce i picked 1st scorer. bastard crossbar.
still time still time
i care about you, i will never stop. kahit taong grasa ka pa. |
maging sino ka man
oh you just wait... in four weeks you'll feel like scrambled eggs
nah like its there already the experience is way better then the actual school
"spacegirl" and may god's be with you
lov2 protekt order of purity on new planet et! uniq in solar
everybody needs to come to my house so we can go get twin peaks pie.
my opinion of it so far is most of the girls resemble winona
and hillary is? we're picking the better of two evils you imbecile!!! they both suck!!!
let's see, a trump supporter who calls someone a name. that's a new one. (and he's the imbecile, we know).
wonder if you can make fuel from used kkk robes.
that would be great if we could recycle them
dear may your birthday be awesome. because you are awesome. go conquer the world.
as my dm i take this directive very seriously
"at the very least, we should expect that they do their jobs" - on republicans in congress:
you should follow your own advise
ain't work
damn that's cause it was "i'm a little piggy here's my snout. oink oink oink, oink oink oink."
. showed again he is reckless &amp; unworthy of the office he seeks.
trump is an
fell asleep on the couch while watching tv again. that's 2x this week. that's 2x more than in the past 5yrs.
you're partying too much thats why. lol hope you have a great weekend
trends; momentum; enthusiasm
kelly, keep him focused, disciplined and on point of attacking all her failures and lies...
.: if the west doesn't aid ukraine at this time, then "shame on us"
.: the i know understands that the united states needs to stand up to forces like putin
what would your life be like if you stopped caring what others thought of you?
bro it's grate you should try it sometime
don't forget to put your picks in for pick em this week! everyone is gunning for . tough games to pick this week.
i'm doing terrible and yes this week is super tough.
what's going on, ? trying to get tickets and your phones and website are down?!
having the same issue, what's up?
how much evidence can there be that trump is not a serious person?
young people are used to things running themselves. computerized automation doesn't require thinking. "siri, should we launch?"
could be down there at 10...
that's closer to lunchtime :) (also a great idea, perhaps lunch is more viable. guess can join too?)
good to know ios 10 still doesn't fix the copy/paste bug.
copy/paste bug?
conclusion a bit of a stretch: no one on the show ages.
yeah, that's true, but the show does age around the characters, and to some extent it's a reflection of how they perceive america.
i don't care. i want it over. today. or else democrats never get another vote from me again. i'm dead serious.
what is it? all war? you take many history classes? hey id like to c that too. and bernie would be warring 2
we have deleted cnn from all of our tv's. we use as our primary cable news channel. cnn can go to hell.
cnn belongs to non deplorable a
i admire - but unhelpful if promotes idea para men's 1500 being faster than oly equiv, is genuinely significant.
a canadian paralympian agrees with you:
you coming out tonight?? i know and are
doubtful, as i have no babysitter tonight. where is it? might be able to make drinks after..
the full moon in leo + my lunar return
happy return!
1. supreme court 2. weak economy 3. need jobs 4. enemies dont fear us 5. unborn 6. 2nd amend 7. bill clinton back
missed on the list is schoolchoice particularly urban.very high numbers of parents want decent education for kids
what kind of baseball tryouts are going on at the stadium today?
, it's the california winter league tryouts.
yay! way to go barbra! hey, you made it to the finish line-that's what counts! congrats!
you guys are all so great. i am thankful for your kind words on support. you rock!
over my dead body will i be a pisces
if this is true i will cry of joy omg i hate being a pisces
"catholics for clinton: what are they thinking?" they don't think.
that's the problem. they aren't thinking.
after leaving the government, hillary clinton made over $12 million giving speeches - now she speaks for free, and no one shows up!
her comeback speech lasted 23 minutes, trashed trump and slowly left stage. energy? don't think so.
europe has significant refunds for flight delays if you claim them
they're doing it right! i've been over there and got a meal coupon for a short delay and was just like: "is this real life?"
exciting!! tickets will be available at online &amp; by phone (shubert box office in nov)
why and i getting this message? there are currently no open ticketing sessions to purchase this event...
blocks doesn't make you a great defender, that just means you block shots. you still have to guard your man
i disagree he shuts down the paint and only one big in the league has post moves hw don't get cooked on d bro i'm a heat fan
that moment when your bag is 5 lbs overweight but then they see you were upgraded to first class so it becomes cool...... (-_-)
waaaaiiittt first class - he gots moneyyyyyy
im sorry to that, if you ever to talk feel free to inbox me
ok thank you very much, your a very nice person and have great day and life, as you know you do a great thing hel
evan mcmullin gratuitously denied ballot access in florida, because that's what the duopoly does
not at all accurate. you just can't put every loser that comes along on the ballot
happy birthday love &amp; miss u lots pls come visit soon
awe love you so much i will bby can't wait to see you when i do!!!:)
also had thought: cautionary tale for disciples as heading to jerusalem. "i'm trusting you w/this wrk. be faithful.
i've gone both ways.
thanks for the link ! love connecting w/fellow players! have you ever written for a quartet?
thanks for the follow, &amp; reply, jarrod! good luck! visit us for music, books, photos, ideas at
i don't care. i want it over. today. or else democrats never get another vote from me again. i'm dead serious.
and you're free to vote for whomever you plz. but to pretend dems and trump the same is deluded
first outing for the at awards. decks went like hot cakes! thanks
52 card pickup
i like bill de blasio but like a lot of baby boomers he suffers from deeply ingrained windshield-perspective.
the fact that our supposed mayor would utter such nonsense is appalling.
there is so much sniping going on that it is hard to find anyone close to 41 in manners and decency
mia you wouldn't know one cause you wanna ware the pants
ok, we just live in different worlds of trusted sources.
i don't really trust any source. so your statement is true, overall.
al gore lost his home state and 300,000 dems in florida voted for bush. spoilers don't exist. weak candidates do.
we still don't know who won florida in 2000, do we? ran a lame horse not their race horse - they spoiled this 4 usa
her past record as children advocate and civil rights, she is a trailblazer she got my vote
obviously you aren't aware of the man she defended for raping a young girl
i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
of course this means gates says donald is unfit to be president
. talking to about cnn and navigating the world of media reporting is a good listen:
strangely being evenhanded is biased because one side is fraudulent
how are you becoming the best you this school year? follow and tweet us to win a macbook air!
by waking up each day with a good attitude.that i can defeat my day
thanks for the link ! love connecting w/fellow players! have you ever written for a quartet?
jarrod, i was a member of manhattan saxophone quartet, and we all wrote pieces for the group, too. t
i got my free shop open at this site helps , and people to sell more
lov2 protekt order purity on new planet et! uniq in solar
a coincidence? i think not
legends only
i reach the same conclusion almost every time i write on the mideast: we *still* massively understate consequences of the 2003 iraq invasion
the worst foreign policy decision of our lives and of our nations entire history.
morning gz
good day beth hi all
her past record as children advocate and civil rights, she is a trailblazer she got my vote
she got him off and then brag about it because she knew he was guilty
bullshit. it only took 5 years to beat the nazi empire. it's about money and they can go fuck themselves.
so five years and millions of lives better than 20 years and thousands? let's move war deaths to zero, agreed
my nominee for best semi-obscure-literary-reference tweet of the week.
i know the reference so it can't be semi-obscure. i don't know that much lit.
me: *choking on a mouthful of tortilla chips* my boss: "that's what you get for being a fatty" thanks, kat.
looking for 1 star waitress to add on for the winter know anybody send them over to messina's.
yes i'm fine. was not involved. thanks for checking much appreciated
glad you're okay, my thoughts are with your team.
i'm heading home in an hour or so :(
shotgun a deepdish pizza i don't care if it's early
one of the few attorneys to force a gun maker out of business reflects on his case and the american...
i don't think people, press understand when trump talks guns w/regards to hillary he's asking ppl to kill her. scared.
it's time to start answering this question: what happens if trump wins?
it might be the start of reshaping our current political alignment from capital vs labor to something like future vs past.
this article says email circulated by the 08 hrc campaign brought birther'm to mainstream
the article says that an email sent by an hrc *supporter* did that. there is zero evidence of campaign involvement.
you can be a fan but there's actually stats that prove the heat defense was worse when he was on the floor...
after the all star break over +5 -.6 whole year nba nitpicks him skewed stat cause before break we were a top 3 defense
i dig the big bang theory reference.
nice great show one of my favs
huge birthday shoutout to my fav
this is my favorite collage
he's now sharing stories that directly call him a liar. i give up.
but we can't!
i can't believe we're only going to get 1 episode of them next season. when will my fave couples catch a break?
such a great pairing. crazy chemistry.
wow, this piece is embarrassing. you don't recognize that your vote against her helps trump? to hell with you.
i agree with you jeremy. the ranting against her makes other pple not vote. i think its elitist to vote 3rd party
a glabal storm is coming zionist . censoring, removing posts &amp; closing pro accounts
foolishly, irresponsibly throwing in its lot w/zionist ideologues seeking destroy families
i'm too conservative for berlin life
my future self knew i would need the german i took in hs... wish i could say the same but the us may just be too conservative
not after today
loooooool i seem to recall you saying this same thing two weeks ago.
can't wait till cultural curators learn to shoot online content about johannesburg and not feel the need to mention crime...
do you know how many times i've been asked about crime in sa on my trip? oath you'd swear our country is crime central.
hbd to ilysm have a great day
thanks bby ily
me too. but when you see jet black 7s going for $2500 on ebay... you're like "damn" lol
hah. i guess i'd rather just have the phone, especially since it seems unlikely to get one until november now.
their sexual relationship was currency bc that's what years of abuse instilled in jude. that's the part the gay press ignored
i def see your argument there that they were an "other," but also, by gay, i kinda mean homosexual, i.e. two men having sex
happy birthday to my girlfriend
so much love. so happy to start dating you we need to go on another vacation again soon babe
i did tho, you even said it yourself
if you wanna get technical it was stevethenazgul. i just say it was u cuz hes gone and u were there
never too early..lol..
i knew you say that cheers then
is sans related to the obscure boss in this other indie game that came out 15 years ago??!?!??!
second cousin twice remooooovvved
it might be the start of reshaping our current political alignment from capital vs labor to something like future vs past.
with trump representing past and the opportunity for someone new to emerge to represent the future.
the fro's are awesome.
cultural appropriation? hahahaha...
bernie supporter thank you. the dnc decided the primary by lies &amp;deceit. that's why its either jill stein or trump.
well, jill stein isn't winning and i agree with you on dnc, but trump is the worst. try disagreeing w/ppl w/out calling them names
maybe! they can send someone with a claw grabber thingy if you show them where it is
why did i not consider the possibility of a claw grabber?
that's a detour i'm taking w/traffic on the highway. i don't wanna hear the "s" word, queen amy!
cause if he don't stop it's progress, queen amy.....so dm me!
in what borough is yonkers, exactly?
isn't new jersey borough of nyc too? then foye is bro from newark.
my nominee for best semi-obscure-literary-reference tweet of the week.
there's also a good movie reference in bio.
let me get this straight. . so is running 2represent all 300+ million but not those who she thinks r "deplorable"
sean you are deplorable!
dang, she dead????
as the person who are it for her i can promise you she's not dead
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
no one wants a president who acts like a 5 year old!
friends that ingest edibles: do you ever find yourself wanting to eat more just because it's tasty? not to get a higher dose.
that's one of the dangers of them. but to answer your question, yes.
can easily say if pti comes into power problems of baloch community will grow thousandfolds as he will openly support kill &amp; dump policy
what kind of insaf is that :p
hell yeah bro
waz up bro hey all
12' bayern win the ball high up the field via vidal and ribery plays in lewy who chips the keeper from an acute angle
kevin druyne world class
a woman shot seven times in friday's philadelphia shooting rampage has died, police say.
will football players kneel for this woman? will the president send a rep to her funeral? or will clinton just blame it on trump?
xhaka is trending in the us for not playing. remarkable.
30 million and he's getting benched after being motm v watford. maybe rumors of wenger being forced to buy him are true
it's cold,windy, rainy tbh. and their campus blows
you at the game?
the fuck is wrong with you?
they be trolling for clicks.
dear press: he's played you. now he's bragging about it. which side of history will you be on?
although, to be fair, you know he didn't actually read the article. that in and of itself is rather amusing. he's a psychopath.
"creating meaningful solutions in healthcare using design - an interview with tai huynh" by
thank you for sharing, !
things that must fall in sa 1. dstv premiums - 80% of content are repeats 2. bank charges - absa, standard, nedbank and fnb
to be fair, do any tv services providers offer less that 80% repeats?
with trump representing past and the opportunity for someone new to emerge to represent the future.
one of my frustrations with the democrats is neither hillary nor bernie nor biden nor elizabeth warren represent the future
sure, but it's self-righteous nature of much criticism from those who helped undertake disaster in 2003 that i find troubling.
. how any vet or their family can be pro gop since iraq is pure insanity.
quiet as it's kept, has cuter cases right now than ...and they're not on pre-order. and 2day
my mama told me, you better shop around!
lmfao, political affiliation? what are you, writing a book???
was i talking to you? i guess not.
i'm really trying my hardest and it's making me sad that not everyone can see things as a bigger picture
listen, if that's the case let them be ignorant. one day they're gonna be the "odd" ones, and that's okay.
not even kidding we need to get our shit together and see all of these
of fucking course
listen to y'all! she's saying nothing but the truth
damn, you run and tell it!
you think you got swag and then you come to la and realize that the yts and asians be out here with all the swag
that's how it is in sf. all the asians be sauced up lol.
we have to stop worshipping ourselves, we are only vessels we have to stop only thinking of ourselves, we are brother and sisters
u hit that on the head, brother!!! such insight!
this is pretty close. 'i don't know that our friendship will ever recover':
who wrote the article furthermore i don't think the person wrote it really knows hillary read a couple of bks
it is the pumpkin season
i just bought a 6-er of 's pumpkick, it will be my first official pumpkin beer of the year.
thinking on starting a business? check this article from
and is the one complete app that's needed to actually get started! from , to
really cant watch hs girls soccer anymore because it consists of just kick it down the field and hope our strikers get to it
do u not remember burt's instructions? "kick it down the the line for kendra"
this educational requirement seems very "flexible": "master's degree in lis, instructional technology or an equivalent discipline"
to be honest, i was surprised to find any graduate ed requirement. i'd want to be inclusive of publishing folks for this job.
app idea: many biz class lounges allow guests. app matches biz traveler w/ someone in airport needing a good meal (&amp; rate behaviour)
perhaps in asia, but a good meal in business class lounges anywhere else??
i hate you. for honor alpha damnit
ah i already got into it last alpha stage, ty though!
you've just exposed as a human man. good work.
good thing for hillary that bill pulls from the low numbers... she's in..
nope. too tired.
nooooo, we are living vicariously through you! see the city! mingle! eat all the things!
gm bro it's saturday happy beer day
yeah you said it
your very welcome, thank you for the nice comment you are also a good person and never let anyone tell you different
thank you very much once again your a very great and very nice person all the best tony
i've never seen cathy's curse so i'd have to! now if it was death wish 3...
i hear cathys curse is the best movie ever made.
smear-peddler sid blumenthal might have spread birther lies, but this stuff is him at his most dangerous and sordid
so is this the guy responsible for unbelievably ugly julius caesar "statement" on sordid killing of muammar gaddafi?
i hate the phrase "happened to be gay," but will could easily have been a woman. him not coming out was a major plot point.
you make compelling arguments, and i appreciate it, and will think on it more. it's just that books about "us" get so little love
lord, this clown says black ppl wouldn't be free if not for republicans. how sick.
and how completely stupid! he must live in that basket!
i might even stay up or wake up somehow.. what time is the show at? you must meet him and write a report of the night!
it will be very early in the morning for you! i will be sure to write a report but can't guarantee i'll meet him!
that makes me want to howl
you apt bastard
that job looks like an.entire team of.people squeezed into one description
i had understood this as the leader of an initiative with other resources available to it.
don't didn't say they weren't... just asked where were they made? don't assume!
you clearly said south or central i'm not assuming anything
hi jon - how are you? what are you up to these days?
working in public relations for non-profits and writing a lot! i'll dm you.
i hate those people you sit near at baseball games and they don't even know what they're talking about
behind us or in front of us?
but y'all just got a woman fired for being fine. his shirt is tight. his good looks are "distracting."
almost* got her fired, but still.
support the union organizing campaign at . donate and rt!
thanks for the support!
i just went there i can't find it i have no idea how things work
thats called an ux problem. hire an ux expert and u won't need 2 know rocket science to navigate your own site
cause if he don't stop it's progress, queen amy.....so dm me!
i'm the only who's idle enough to about this for you, queen amy! everybody's looking for pokemon!
you make compelling arguments, and i appreciate it, and will think on it more. it's just that books about "us" get so little love
and i'm bummed that the one that broke through makes us look like a tragic ruined abused mess
i need to stop going to work on 2 hours of lit sleep.
i do it all the time chilling with you guys
meek lost a cousin. maco lost an eye. qm lost a foot. illuminati?
man..the 6 don't play
and i lied the wildwood game is the following week
is it still at lower tho
heading your way now man
nice.. i'm going to a tailgate tomorrow.. and trying to coordinate a visit with a few of y'all including kev.. so it'd be
obama's pattern of malfeasance is clear. he is flaunting constitutional limits on his authority, violating the law.
he is following in the footsteps of the clintons bend the law to the limit before it breaks then say i did not know headache
i have the same body structure as chance the rapper. slap some titties and buttcheeks on him and we'd be the same nigga. smh
nigga .. what
this means i need pizza
i was thinking of you last night as i was eating my pizza
i'm thinking old enough to drive. lol
i don't drink coffee, but even i know that's too long to wait! :-(
everybody who can somewhat run and is from an island fits the "mariota mold" to y'all
. well, he also threw for 7,300 yards in high school and, if i'm not mistaken, his own coach has likened him to mariota.
there are free shuttle busses back and forth so there will be enough parking
thank you for the info !!! great news !!
imran khan's open support for a tainted, corrupt and infamous encounter specialist like rao anwar is deeply troubling &amp; says a lot
does psp support rao anwar as well
heading your way now man
nice to see you..be safe and hopefully will see each other
so is this the guy responsible for unbelievably ugly julius caesar "statement" on sordid killing of muammar gaddafi?
if so, blumenthal did no favors, this horrible statement will live in clintonian annals forever tainting her "diplomacy"
be the google device expert the world needs. follow along for the latest products, news, &amp; updates.
i'm still after paying $25 dollars upload my app. can you please assist me the name of my organization and app is oath inc.
border effectiveness - official rate vs. reported rate being hidden.
sure let's just throw any two numbers together and state it as a fact even if they are unrelated!
it's still hope. not going to help q3 numbers. nor did they add users or ad dollars. $twtr
noto actually stated that in q2 cc.that wouldn't be material this late in q3.
"please. abraham lincoln is long dead." to jackass claiming loves the "others"
needs to read a book.
and i'm bummed that the one that broke through makes us look like a tragic ruined abused mess
and its not a one-time thing. our culture always honors the gay stories that center on tragedy. it's a fact.
i'm the only who's idle enough to about this for you, queen amy! everybody's looking for pokemon!
..to care about this...(4 hours sleep)
feel better beloved. sending you healing energy
thanks boo
quicktime does that. i just want to record one specific window, just like the cmd+shift+4+space thing :(
ah. sorry read window as screen.
sux my wife told me to wait until today
theater 1 tickets are still available good sir
you should come hang out with us at our benefit next month! we love new friends!
ditto what said
reagan was a man who read, was involved in political thought, and wrote every day. trump is a willful ignoramus.
what a man, what a president, wtf.
yeah cause u annoying
well then
all i do is eat, sleep &amp; throw up.. being pregnant is great!
no! really? congrats baby!
did y'all realize this was lamar jackson
they gone lose to florida st today tho!
don't miss october 7th in atlanta, ga
what's this song called
mind-blowing: how unemployed 20-something men without degrees spend their days - 75% video games. by
pretty good hypothesis that they reduce crime then
lol thanks not getting a jump on the day like i wanted but we'll make it lol
it'll workout man..lol..as long as you stay in a deplorable free zone..lol.. man i'm pumped up for this
ill admit i was the dumb californian for about 1.2 weeks...
it happens! i get mad at the guys who are clearly doing it on purpose
i'm sorry ang but i won't let it happen ! ! ! lol
that would make your twitter name obsolete
there you go, take some pictures. i'm out of the country so unable to go :-(
i'll have my daughter try and take some.have fun wherever you are :)
i sure hope so
i am watching suny closely when it comes to oer &amp; geneseo has a pattern of building capacity for the system.
are you a fan of palaye royale? do you live in orlando and have a pool? well, we want to swim.
i have a pool but i live in new york and it's cold rn...but i have a jacuzzi
can you believe this is the best part of the show (not really because it's the last song) but that intro? iconic
life changing
thank you for letting us pamper our models in your salon
omg can you curl mine
wish your story had started like you did with this tweet instead of saying trump was being "mischievous" in the actual piece.
agree. very sinister and ugly this kind of "mischief."
everyone jumping to conclusions tho.
hence the mess gif
to succeed as a trader, you need to learn implement listen to and understand
what about coach pop?
supergirl is timed exclusive in that ps4 starter pack. no idea about green arrow.
wbie clarified this, she will only be avail as a "hire a hero". unless they changed their stance again.
4. talking about indirectly killing people, let's talk about hillary's role in iraq and libya shall we?
lol what makes you an expert in this? been listening to piers morgan too much
not many mountains in pompano beach though
he threw it over a 10-story retirement community condo?
have you heard of the movement?
never tire of seeing this. love the transparency and example you are to your peers!!
well meeting him is your goal!!!!!! i hope he'll meet fans at the stage door
he probably will. fingers crossed!
um. you clearly aren't familiar with my work.
my apologies, david. you appear tough on them both. kudos.
the moment you realize the thing keeping you from attending got cancelled...
how's the scene over there?
yes! a (m)otherworld is possible
there's a woman's store i think it's 73rd and lext-shirt in the window that says"the future is female"
sorry im tweeting so much abt rolling blackouts but today is my books first day being sold somewhere ( ) and i'm pretty happy abt it
rolling blackouts is amazing!! such a powerful work. so valuable and real journalism sarah! thank you
it took me a year and 2 months to train him to do this but my cat officially can chill now with...
black russian cat??
in what way?
he writes that he's waiting to make up his mind on who to vote for. given his experience/previous words, that's dishonorable.
i see a lot of articles by ostensibly old people about "millennials." are there any articles about young people written by young people?
where do i find them?
good luck out there bro
thanks homie
wow. another trump surrogate like doing the dance. can't bs without facts on
i want steve cortes to come get his daily bitch slap.
cultural appropriation? hahahaha...
nevermind, i forgot you were sicilian...
yea sir what lot will you be in harry?
lot c..i'm in the downtown area myself.. i might see some of ya around here
i was trying to say who is black guy on joy's show trying to defend trump....i'm at a loss for words...
me too, his name is sean something. i thought the same thing
that's cool enjoy life.
thanks dude
this guy and i are getting ready to cook together on my show! what is the world coming to??!!??
oh i love this episode!
when you show up to tailgate but your lot is closed
9 am.... we just start in my yard before that.
don't know how i managed that????
you took the tip money off the bar. amazing
jesus knows how to reach the lost and bring them to that proper state of mind that's most conducive for a conversion
yes he does!
on the contrary, my columns make fine birdcage lining, 42% more absorbent than the washpost! birds love it!
i wonder if would agree?
if islam is so tolerant why doesn't she go treat her parkinsons in syria or iran?
can you imagine the waiting room?
why am i making drug transactions so early in the day
omg is brownie plug here? i wanna drug connie without her consent lmao
. fact checks supporter on not starting
"african-americans " for trump aren't you tired of looking like fools?
we certainly want you to have reliable service. is this happening everywhere or just at that location? what's the zip code? ^zy
12866. check my previous tweets and dms
a5 hallway convos, productive plc meetings, lesson study, edcamp style pd, pop-up pd, social media
another great reason to be at your door at start of class.
conversation.hogan says "patriotism should be earned by gov" is dissent not patriotic participation here?
is the semantic chasm between right &amp; left politics too wide for some mutual understanding of patriotism?
bill maher confronts trump campaign manager kellyanne conway with proof trump 'lies for a living.'
trump is an
my goodness. it's amazing.
can't wait to share it with you!
thus adding too much additional mass and complexity. perhaps spacex should hot fire acceptance test at the cape without satellite integrated
i was working at ksc when spacex had its recent "rapid unscheduled disassembly." quite the experience at the adjacent lc.
i hope you r feeling better dear haydee.iam sure your hole body said "what a fabulous music taste she has"
thank you bente &amp; of course could not ensure without tenor album superb
going to the airport fun? try making a game out of seeing how fast you can lose your license in the 5 minutes it's out of your wallet!
i got 3.2 minutes with a bonus passport.
it begs the question, how many "yes" men do you have in your camp when that image gets approved?
omg right? and then the follow up question, how does corey feldman still have yes men?
we have to get the truth out millennials are locked into the hillary is dishonest propaganda trump is unacceptable
i know partly because of bernie and partly because of media. how can we do this?
of course the will downplay such disgusting rhetoric from but i won't! keep her words in mind wen
get it right , she said half not all. i think all are.
i think his shot will get better and he'll find other ways to score like on drives and in transition.
mkg has terrible form. rhj's form fine, it's his confidence that needs working on
i asked her for help with an equally absurd mainstream sports reference.
the fact you are putting this out there on a saturday is even better (that's when they play college football) :)
wrong way to succeed. ill advised. you will be met with great persuasion. think.
it's a parody acct.
hey you've been asleep for 11 hours wake up
13 and a half hours rachel wake up
why are you so serious baby?, you seem so tired , take a break, care about you guy, a lot of people love you!!!
i'm not serious i'm half asleep it's before 4am &amp; i had just filmed all day sorry 4 working hard &amp; becoming successful.
come back...
back in the office on tuesday :)
and guess what don? you won't help the white community so we are even!
just like democratic policies haven't for the past 8 years. are you f***en blind?
dude!!! you and i with the king!! love you, pard...g
i helluva picture! you guys should do a song together right !!
it's terrible. all you need is the right combination of emojis &amp; u get the pussy easy
and ain't nothing wrong with that but ain't taking a chick who gives it up after a few tweets serious
since when does starbucks serve wine?!?
they tryna be fancy
hey cnn, you've just been trumped! lol
when you're cookin' you're cookin'
omg is brownie plug here? i wanna drug connie without her consent lmao
i have the brownie plug's number i believe she's in the area
where you headed?? hopefully somewhere nice!
on that recruiting trail!
i still maintain that voltron fandom is just step 2 of the onceler experiment
shirocest. shirocest everywhere.
gm gday bro and all
brother yeah
is soon becoming my fav reporter.. love her!
thanks, made my day :)
are donald trump's controversies distracting voters from real issues?
it is an avalanche of crap the press can not deal with as they want to be fair-but if real it would be debunking 24x7
i just think yanagihara gets so much flack she doesn't deserve. she wrote a tragic fairytale &amp; people made it this other thing
fair, i shouldn't hold the press against her, but i do think there's something about male/male sex that makes ppl lean on tragedy
you see what's going on..i see what's goin' on..lets, stop it, queen amy!
delasio speaking now @ nan 1190am
as they seem to imply in the pr, the cost of all the implementing is beyond what they can currently afford.
i know. my point is about moral hazard and proving that the costs are more than just uncomfortable but infeasible.
really irritating to assume i'm hooking up with somebody because i say i have things to do. what is that about?
trying to tell me who i've had in my bed
are donald trump's controversies distracting voters from real issues?
us voters are smarter than they think
haven't been able to sleep these last couple of days
what's on your mind?
12 furry facts about red pandas for international red panda day-
! ": 12 furry facts about red pandas for international red panda day-
it takes a president to have a heart, knowledge, engagement, apathy, courage to fight evil like hitler. obama is one
. we love obama. his mom, grandparents only know when and where. in my view obama is president 4 world.
donald trump looks at women and decides how their looks rate on a scale of one to 10.
can you possibly be that clueless? and stupid enuf to raise this issue? (btw? imo, you're personally -4.)
word! and hillary was a devoted goldwater girl who campaigned door-to-door for his segregationist platform
she promptly abandoned goldwater. and i want a source she went door to door. your demonizing hillary is despicable.
"the king is back"
he survived
everybody elses friday night: going out, drinking, making bad decisions my friday night: looking at tt kits, car parts, making bad decisions
i'll remember this the next time you send a chug for chug
mookie is fun as hell to watch and he's on the team i like. he's in the discussion, certainly. but trout is the mvp.
here's my proposal. we make a "mike trout award" which goes to the best player in baseball and give it to trout every year
delasio speaking now @ nan 1190am
says guns are being rounded up!:)
"trump unwinds a *lie*..." bold move to put this hedline a1 above-the-fold a tribute to piercing analysis
and same story online rn: "trump clung to 'birther ' lie for years, and still isn't apologetic"
.rt "no one taught the patients.." doctors go to school...patients don't learn (except the hard way) how to be patients.
right on! why scientists can't "take" pt experience;long before pregnant women have powerful hiv weapon.pt had answer.
-- what happens if trump wins?
first thing to explore: the partial military revolt at his first crazed order. does that end republic?
because thousands of jobs outweighs being a total racist dick? no
the fact that he employs ppl is 1 of the worst arguments...
this kitten was stuck in a storm drain, but people worked for 32 hours to get him out.
this is one of the most beautiful and uplifting stories i've seen recently. thank you for sharing it...
mass. hs football player joins kaepernick, kneels in anthem protest
stop showing and reporting this shit
if has gone to finland to update his pics and fight twitter battles, it is really sad.
plz share videos taken by of finland visit! &amp; this isof reallybad taste
hoping and praying that we had a turning point yesterday.point out lies as lies.don't be playedby phony machinations
see nyt - 4 direct call-outs today including lead headline
i tried and my cold quickly reminded me that it's not possible rn
i'm sorry you have to relate to my pain
. and did not qualify for the first presidential debate.
if these two weren't taking votes from ,dncmedia would be attacking fox &amp; debate group as fascists
t20 is crickets answer to baseball.in 1964 i went to see la dodgers, loved it, saw the great pitcher sandy koufax
t20?? went to see ny yankees v la this week - was more like 1st morning of a roses match for action
mookie is fun as hell to watch and he's on the team i like. he's in the discussion, certainly. but trout is the mvp.
then mvp voters can keep doing whatever wrong stuff they want, without being quite as wrong.
let's build a future where love trumps hate.
let's build a future where all clintons are retired.
sunday 5p et: it's campaign coverage with a twist! don't miss w/ and .
trump haters
sounds good!
i wonder what year someone else would finally, legit win the trout award
trump says clinton guards should disarm
so he is pro 2nd amendment but wants to disarm law enforcement?
it is an avalanche of crap the press can not deal with as they want to be fair-but if real it would be debunking 24x7
this meaning debunking dt crap vs the so much smaller size hc bumps in road dt are sink holes to hard to imagine real
fair, i shouldn't hold the press against her, but i do think there's something about male/male sex that makes ppl lean on tragedy
and then, our culture elevates the most tragic of those stories to the top of the pile
versace dylan blue for him has notes of bergamot &amp; woods. win it! to enter follow &amp; rt
one for the gentlemen! love it!
hey where's gf
she's out of town visiting relatives in greece for 2 weeks
you're a communist and you're calling other people insane?
close but a little off.
iphone just making it easier wit each new phone to get caught cheating im gon stick wit the 6s
i'm still at ios 9.3 fuck that lol
tickets @ door only! $5
wonderful!!! c u there
hopeyouhave learnedthatucan'tcomeon spewingbullshit. shouldhaveaskedsomebodyb4 appearing ain't havinit
nowafterthat asswhoopingyousustainedon by waddlebackto withtail btweenurleg&amp;goplayinhishair
you right. she'll be another notch on the belt but that's it
exactly lol it'll just end in another block on this app
the filth master flex is today ... finally seeing him live after so many times missing him!
read this fast and thought you mean j phlip and was like since when does he like dirtybird
this looks awesome good luck!! n
thanks so much!hope you're well.looking forward to catching up+updating you on all the plans for mimi campaign when i'm back.
and then, our culture elevates the most tragic of those stories to the top of the pile
this felt like the tragedy olympics, which is my other gripe with the book, how campy and unrealistic and cheesy it felt at times
cheating this guy in primaries
crybaby sanders shares something with crybaby -- can't admit losing their fault
still not taking the pink tag. still fitting my roll-on in the overhead compartment. thanks, .
. safe trip my friend, have a great time !!!! love ya!!!
how about a reminder that was an awesome surrogate for today?
thousands of her opponents supporters being bilked by a conman is frightening!
it is known as the "sixth borough."
linsanity was born in ny. doesn't that make lin a borough bro?
that ios 10 update is the truth though!!
what's different i haven't notice anything yet tell me please
you going to the museum tomorrow?
for boogie nights? yup
says guns are being rounded up!:)
remember lady shot in park in throat?
it's challenging enough to get to without useful . he looks &amp; sound .
people don't get why is so dining on while
okay, apparently the "zombie cat" feel good news story i posted upset them. so be it. moving along to space stuff now, nothing to see here.
worry not... some people are a wee bit too sensitive... you are a good egg rachelle...
you looking for a white jetta? sounds really masculine
cabriolet. i can't drive stick either has to be an automatic.
yeah i'll be in c for a while and then b-lot, so i'll see you.
great.. sounds like fun.. not sure when i'll get there but should be a good time
are you ready for tv's biggest night? you will be after my cheat sheet on the this am! which show are you rooting for?
veep! and i miss you!!
linknyc has great features; some are abused. tech folks will figure out timing device/other tweeks to address issue
. do not want one of those giant glowing screens shining in my windows at night, thank you very much!
just before singing at on wednesday! with mum and lisa - thanks emma for the photo
lve it i'm sure everyone was wowed by your extraordinary voice mum lks beautiful lve from nyc
watch in full, see how corrupt &amp; sick the clintons truly r
go ahead and vote my man donald trump man just don't come to warzone
remote yur self then.
i'm thinking a delete button would be more efficient :)
a polish man stabbed in the neck with bottle in telford in suspected hate crime after he was told to speak english
what is going on?! too much hatred in the world.
lmao when she actually swallows it
its not funny. i almost threw uppp
i suppose that's why he has so much has support from unhcr staff? helen clark has none from undp staff!
you sir are a liar maybe related to one of the 200 staff cut to reduce waste
our apartment for the week in barcelona
what a dump!
but to give credit, the new technologies do not require nearly as much labor.
why we need a completely new understanding of what work is -- creativity, art, invention etc.
remember lady shot in park in throat?
300ft from where is now!
yum! was it your first time there??
yes and it was amazing
my dad was in ww2 &amp; told me of the atrocities. i can't &amp; don't want hitler running the usa.
my dad too&gt; we are all voting hillary
pretty good play out of the net by
aw the diggy to cutty was the highlight fo sho.
just bought your book,when it says serves in smoothie's recipes i have to calculate? or are the recipes for 1 smoothie?
such a great book! + ! servings are listed on all recipes + easy to adjust, if needed!
the black community is waking up, you dont own us!
you really need to check yourself my man
cocteau twins - peel session 1984 via
do you like the band propaganda?
bruh you need to do a write up on ... he a big rising street artist from louisiana. very deep in the game
usually don't respond to these, but just so you know no writer ever wants to hear what they "need" to do. just some advice.
hi tonight i went out in public and accidentally overheard a group of boys talking about how i'm awkward
fuck those boys they probably just couldn't handle all their raging hormones
love it - thanks anthony
ready to learn and earn.....
it's good to be good
it's what mom wants
record it and make someone's day...
im about to run to canada and run thru jims house wall
what's going on?
xrd 1.04 balance &amp; update.
"donald trump's birther event is the greatest trick he's ever pulled"
~ and you're proud of this, cheeto dick?!
don't talk shit about my dog when ur family members dogs are hella vicious i can't even walk on the side walk
dont ever talk about my family "moron"
blond is on spotify
been there girl
it is not about finding the one, it is about preparing yourself to be the one. - jefferson blake
that looks like that guy that does stupid youtube videos.
im about to run to canada and run thru jims house wall
so american of me because we're rude
join us for the live campaign launch+let's make history this nov!
thanks for sharing the love! delighted to have you on board+looking forward to catching up next week.
avast ye! holy scheduling conflicts! same day! i'm so torn right now. is julian day responsible for this?
batman and blackbeard. you never see them together. hmm...
this felt like the tragedy olympics, which is my other gripe with the book, how campy and unrealistic and cheesy it felt at times
and also: what flack do you speak of? it was the breakout novel of the year in many ways, winning so much praise and adoration !
sent this to spox, to ask how he will fulfill promise to give $5m if assured pres. obama born in us
. right kind of journalist that does actual research to find story &amp; not believe lying!
trump supports law and order, controlling borders, school choice &amp; bringing jobs back to usa unlike democrats.
nothing is magic. it will require hard work and trust. two things clintons don't have and can't offer.
in the new q poll, trump's position has actually deteriorated among college whites amid "deplorables" flap:
-white college educated voters have determined that trump and his supporters are, in fact, deplorable.
cnn just now re trump: "in his defense, he has not incited any violence." we do not know until it is too late.
is pathetic.
yo i appreciate this. i really only level up via iron banner
let me know if its okay to put you on the list and refer other flks to you
a police officer in the us wouldn't have damaged the car like this. he would have pulled a gun instead.
yep. we brits have no idea how lucky we are!
would be good to look at actual data. any good statistics on numbers of accountants in new zealand / australia?
the institute of chartered accountants in australia has 61,000 members of 0.5% of the workforce. add in the acca as well
if journalism were still alive they wouldn't be throwing fits about yesterdays hoodwink.
hey. i've been throwing fits about "journalists" for years. i'm looovin the payback.
i feel bad for them, they dont appreciate good music
who would feel the need to say such things anyway??!!?
an owl is a secret tiny bird. this is fraud of the highest order
i cannot bring myself to buy into this owl conspiracy...
lmfaoooooo how did they not know off gate
he literally doesnt look any different
ghetto is now attributed to black people but the ghetto wasn't always "black". ghettos were occupied by the waves of immigration.
yup, a ton of my ancestors were when they came over from italy
can you imagine the newsroom conference if the killer clown teamed up with one eyed ghost child and ratzilla??
that's like their budget, times 10. a budget and an election. they'd prob do a supplement
you mean like when they tried at the halftime show and the just shoved gay down our face holes?
best halftime show in years!!!
my snapchat is fall aesthetic
this is so cute what's your snap
report: clinton's chances of winning are falling
on a related note, water is wet.
sunday 5p et: it's campaign coverage with a twist! don't miss w/ and .
this show is dead on arrival dana sucks so bad on how did she get this so many more better
wow. that's a great dream.
it was very stressful. i was like, "just bring lane back."
florida triples "zika zone" in miami beach after five new cases are found:
rick scott! the do nothing republicans still refuse funding to combat it.
a cookie. the kids ate the leftover pizza.
i'm scheming on some left over pizza because aden decided to take a quick nap lmao
just deleted so many facebook friends and following on insta, feels good. not gonna pretend to care about you or be ur friend
apparently it's impolite to tell someone to stop sending me videos of their cats????
after ditching his press pool thursday, wasn't done punking the media | ap
he is unreal and people support him . how can they.
sunday 5p et: it's campaign coverage with a twist! don't miss w/ and .
woof woof is correct u suck dana
can i have some hominy porridge tho
lol you be knowing
can't believe bobo our best wr man...but jit has stepped up and has been balling
shut me allll the way up.
need to go shopping for a dress for the wedding.
needs one as well.
i love you to the farthest distance there is and back. twice.
ily more papi
home automation is finally done right with apple's homekit. loving it so far.
but don't buy any iot product not compatible w/homekit
various tv networks agreed to pull their cameras and erase the footage of the tour | getty
he is a user in every aspect.
tequila all night mood would be proud
thats my boyyy
dying to go to the big e so i can pig out
i've never been but my mom said they have poutine and i wanna go for that reason alone
kingston black apples awaiting pressing are scenting the taproom nicely. open til 11pm with 12 options on draft.
are they going to be an sv or part of a blend?
michelle was teaching me how to drive stick and i almost hit the car infront of me lmfao scariest moment of my life......
you can hardly drive automatic just chill
i was in chicago not too long ago. i didnt see any dratini but lots of drowsy
drowzees are everywhere
if will lie about the president of the united states, how can anyone believe a word that comes out of his big mouth?
mrs . warren donald is not a man when he talks about women &amp; our president obama he's scum
appreciate the rt on eid-leight ! i want to know that: is composed of more than just tuckson fans!
to me, tuckson is a small part of svu--a part i personally like, but if you don't, i agree it doesn't &amp; shouldn't define the show
47% of us jobs are at "high risk of automation", and no reason to assume the economy will create replacements.
&gt; i believe the number is much higher than that, and includes white collar as well as blue
you may use my passport if you wear a body camera
i have an enhanced license. so i can cross into canada without a passport
when you first wake up and mom is already taking pictures
me when i'm a mom (aka if we ever have a sleepover)
if trump is such a bad candidate, why is he tying with hillary?
because his voters assume that an idiot can be potus. it runs itself, so go with the entertainer
and i'm talking about enslaved on pc not zero dawn. zero dawn does look gorgeous. can't wait to play it next year!
okay phew. i wasn't sure what you meant at first! yeah... i might buy it if its ever part of a crazy steam sale!
any chance we can resurrect so can write another sestina?
i just one wrote hold please.
he's a danger to this country. it's time to shut him down.
couldreally seehimhavingsome1 "bumped" becausetheypisshim off.nowonderhehas
update from my chat this week: trea turner now at 3.3 war as cf/2b. san diego has only had two shortstops top that, ever.
and he's done that in what? barely 2 months?
first day on set tomorrow. lots of dialogue to learn!
truly in aw of your many talents. after all, if i can run a 5k at the age of 55, u got this. lol
trump wants to 'see what happens' to clinton without security via | ap photo
his statements are terrible
new music: the game - 92 bars (meek mill diss)
i can kill you in 4 bars that's a kit kat
john danforth calls episcopal church to healing ministry for america
one of the men who gave us justice clarence thomas.
obvious q:: why did 1 of 2 or 3 most important &amp; best architectural landmarks in history of france need "updating"?
(continued) &amp; wwllvs* * what would louis le vau say?
you are from nyc...you're the archetypical shitty american...
i'm from upstate. good try bitch
here's your chance to win tickets to see the 2016 festival:
how can u guys breath when ur so far up ass
great hands
yuuuge, not small
it's hard to beat shorts and sweater weather.
such is life on the cape
latest poll shows clinton and trump tied in 4-way race
stein and johnson voters assume the country can survive a trump presidency. maybe, but there will be damage. feeling lucky?
hi :) to create and time the subs i use aegisub, and to encode the video i use avidemux (on windows)
thank you!! :)
undp totally irrelevant today.
muted to reduce my blood pressure a necessary response 2 boosting
don't want to vote for hillary &amp; will not vote for trump. strongly suspect guilt will force me to vote, and for her. :)
this year is too important and potentially life-threatening if you don't vote.
i'm ready for first day back victoria........
the singing dancing the shows
wow..awesome 4 her that she has us watching you 4 her..grinning
she knows i "flirt" on here. watches me do it sometimes. she gets a thrill from it strangely enough.
usually not an ootd person but i had some time
ommggg i love this!
crazy right?? it's almost like he blatantly ripped off kmc's show!
no i don't know what happened!!!!! what happened!?
with the $1.59 xl stay-hot speak up cup, sharing your issues isn't an issue. .
will you be making a cup for
it's at least 400% of jobs.
&gt; the good news, there will be new jobs not imagined today.
thank you ever so much!!
have a great weekend and stay fabulous
the brother's cook .... sharing a moment thx
he cudda been lookin at the but i believe this was "brothers cook" moment &lt;3
this poll is quite unscientific, but here in t.o., appears oshie and kane are lapping the field as far as most popular team usa jerseys.
they seem to be the mass marketed us players. they even sell those two on long island.
dave's last resort in lake worth is the closest to wpb, they play the game over the speakers!
thank you! dave's, here i come!
photo could be seen as of objectifying her (esp in male dominated sps club) but 's comments make me reevaluate. 2/2
i totally agree! i love our group. makes me think deeper
a lot of smart gay people hold your exact option
that's interesting, because all i hear is praise everywhere i go, which is why i'm even more polemic about my argument
i have no pic of us on my camera - did it end up on yours??
just saw this now. back in ny. will email them!!
head over to snapchat 'sykesmusic' right now for a sneak peak of his studio session happening today!
love this smile
get a glimpse of a of the past today at bhs. we're open from 12pm to 5pm!
remember that pet store, bought plenty of goldfish there.
kudos to and for calling a lie a lie on front page
but watch how fast the media will then apply it to
billy i do not wanna see that bitches bone dry pussy if you dont get out my mentions with that avi...
lmaooooooooooo ihy ode that shit was jus funny to me for the night my bad m8
they would 200pc do a supplement. and a pull out poster
and a detailed timeline of events of when each scourge to society terrorised the innocents
the article is about a hijab runway show at . is there an emoji of someone twirling a finger next to his head?
i sort of recall that "clock boy" was arrested at his middle school, not that he failed to receive gushing admiration and praise.
"thanks obama!" took a victory lap this week. we debate that &amp; 2016 candidates plans for america's economic future 1130ae
has slid so far off the edge there is no bringing u back
the brother's cook .... sharing a moment thx
awesome capture froggy!
damn... he played nyc finest tho?
yeah, rob team didn't come to play at all
come through
u not ready for me
i recorded a snip it of coach's speech until he made me stand up &amp; he talked about my book!!
that's amazing!!! the stories involving him r incredible too!
it's time for donald trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee.
he can't. he's a criminal.
i don't even know what a sestina is i'm not going to look it up but i love reading them!
it's just a silly form for a poem and i don't even like poems but it suits his leaden style
i like how new yorker cartoons are never hilarious but they always make me feel like i'm smirking over an italian espresso.
agree w/ sentiment, but here's an exception - my fave ny cartoon
that's interesting, because all i hear is praise everywhere i go, which is why i'm even more polemic about my argument
anyway, i really appreciate this debate! i will take in what you said and try to re-read some of it with a different point of view
cool, i'm sure i'll see you there at some point
you're catching boogie nights?
first thing i thought: "why would a store sell detachable bangs"
and now you know
republic is dying slow death of obama-osis, likepetridish bacteria, homeland is that petri dish.
what is worse, we are saddled with a life-time cost of muslim refugees. their payback?
the article is about a hijab runway show at . is there an emoji of someone twirling a finger next to his head?
i sort of recall that "clock boy" was arrested at his middle school, not that he failed to receive gushing recognition and praise.
but the yahoo haters have to concede that yahoo still has amazing scale across its properties to produce such a delta between 2 events
yahoo doesn't have much more daily visitors (to the platforms game was on) than twitter, right? variable is content exclusivity
man wilshere is poverty
what happened?
i'm down to play with men and women. i love the idea of a safe community for poc.
lit - i was just referring you as a point of contact to that young man who was also looking for black men to play with. :)
when the boys don't like you riffs
then it is the boys who should be climbing in the bin
they disrespectful
got blocked so fast.....
georgia pastor arrested for raping 10-year-old girl at homeless shelter he founded
slime ball.
thx and well done!!
i slightly beat the guy strolling his two kids up the huge hill to the finish line! lol, but i finished!
nice to see a friend from saratoga on here! hope my cousin is treating you well!
. we just started the sage program together!
also, i'm feeling my fire ass friends
straight heart eyes
waaaat really forrest in japan will happen!! i'd love to join if i can make it since i'm not in japan now.
i should add that i could be persuaded to come out for nodefest, if you think i should submit for the cfp
....say, chocolate cake, then you've got no authority to present its fans with a trustworthy recipe.
if u hate something 4 no reason other than 4 what it is, then yes, no authority.
which versions of neo4j and gephi work well together? i also need to try. pl help!
you can also use apoc procedure (from cypher) to stream data to from
part of me agrees. the other part thinks it's healthy to have these wrong takes aired out so people can learn.
hello you might find my david brooks sestinas helpful and soothing balm:
id say pretty noble rather than just take out his gun and shoot him. which any cop in south carolina would've done
maybe. media got me all fucked up.
this is stunning
me on the left with the cropped hair and legs
fort worth rookie officer ray azucena gives a thumbs up as he leaves the hospital after being shot earlier tonight.
somebody buy this man a beer! a steak dinner! a new car!
i was at work all night guys. i wish i knew you were playing at the barbary!!!!
it's tonight!
too much to explain in tweets lol
got it, saw dc's report!!
you'll have no recourse to high student loan payments, parents needing 2 borrow from u, low wages, aca gone, but vote for 3rd!
seriously, where are these people's heads at?
36' 1-0. lucky escape for the blades as marcus maddison's right-sided cross runs all the way through the six yard box.
note: if blades escape, it is, by definition, never lucky
gus alfieri and jayson williams inducted into new york city basketball hall of fame
nice to honor jay for what he accomplished on the court.
thanks tim...no fog day?
yea its foggy. normal thing till the sun burns it off
democrats are dividing us by race but they won't succeed! i can't wait to see heal this country.
you're an amazing and beautiful american woman!
wow i'm late lol but you can always talk to me!
haha thanks. everything is all good now.
don't be sensitive...be better...respect that someone got you an let that feeling remind you to not let it happen again.
that guy that ran a line was the fastest wr in the i hope the jets coaches scouted this &amp; told revis. be ready
you know that is not what he meant fool . now after today's disaster and trump owning msm and i wouldn't
yeahright! noneof thecrazyshithesays is evermeant theway ppl construethem.giveme a damnbreak!
how donald trump played the press
the art of his con is that his supporters feel that he will bring prosperity to them. so perfect that $ "trumps" all for them.
it will always bother me that hillary-the first woman, lifelong public servant, the most qualified candidate ever-had to run against *this*.
isn't it a damn shame?
video: russians disillusioned ahead of parliamentary poll
-why wouldn't they be disillusioned? russian "elections" are just a big meaningless show.
i read this as prioritizing ease of commute. if you have options, you will find a way to avoid a 2-hour drive in la.
people don't want to have to commute to santa monica from chino or santa clarita
there's a bro with a bernie shirt and "jill stein" written on it at this akron rally and i bet he gets interviewed 100 times
think maybe that's not unintentional? know someone who'd do that and for that reason.
only option
really and truly - i'm over here just minding my business, its not like i inquired about his square ass shape up lmao
living in a cold cold world alone w/jus my babies doesn't bother me but living w/out my mom,dad n bro kills me!
aww..i'm sorry friend..beautiful pic as always
reading some twitter takes this morning that are
only the very best people get up early on saturday morning and play on the internet. or, so ive been told...
i wonder if any atlantic horseshoe crab folks are aware. that might be a big deal. you might even want to call someone.
. that's a good idea. there's been a lot of development &amp; construction on the waterfront. i've heard talk of pollution concerns.
i used to call her my genetic past.
it can only go up from there
been wanting them for two years lol
hard to believe you have to ever wait for anything.
when will the media start 2 point out this aggressive attitude that suggest the murder of ?
msm accepts his lies &amp; every ignorant statement. his fans eat it up. it's a zombie election. we have to hope sanity prevails.
have you seen them? they are suspected of robbing a church's chicken in phoenix.
for chicken or cash?
watch the movie circle! so strange but interesting
i enjoy the... strange and unusual :)
omg! u are the sweeeetest ;) thank uuu
yup you're my favorite diva dj too...especially when you interview !! love the chemisrty!!
....say, chocolate cake, then you've got no authority to present its fans with a trustworthy recipe.
but if u have specific objections on the way something is done &amp; ideas for improving it, that's legit
and really, how can anyone ignore that??? it was his defining platform plank, and the reason he ultimately lost.
he had voted for prior civil rights legislation; was no george wallace. by time she could vote, was for mccarthy.
my wife hit me with "you're thatsportsgamer, shouldn't you get 17?"
the myteam grind is real
i lost the only girl in the world that knows me best.
don't rely on others for your happiness bro
new rules require to post results of trials for drugs that don't make it 2market, not just those that do.
should post story of pregnant women have hiv weapon (march 1999). sylvia lee huang nyu...fascinating.
me: recognized the lyrics suck, still listens to it 10x a day
i want to like it i just cant im sorry
obamanomics failed millennials, why would we vote for 4 more years of this under ?
its germany 1932 and says; hindenburg? his blimps explode. vote hitler. it'll be a gas.
almost time for and look who's playing a detective on today
i wanna be on blue bloods! give this actress a shot!
how dare you use the word "joke". don't make light of his second threat against her.
what's a joke is he is in the and doesn't seem to realize it....
beatiful saturday
thank you guillermo
. happy *waves paw
enjoy your ! overcast now, but will burn off &amp; get hot ~noon.
empty house all day = college football, beers, and take out till the cows come home
fsu u already know timdick
thanks for setting record straight,these folk are tiresome are they not?
yes, rapidly devoted to getting a neo-nazi champion elected. mind-blowing.
that's like 8 mins from me. ugh. you should've told me earlier before i cooked breakfast.
what you make cis-
this. all of this lol
it's a shrine. it's beautiful.
an urban freeway cuts neighborhoods in two, often no way for pedestrians to cross for a mile, and utterly useless for transit.
you can have faster transit on a grade separated facility though
defendant medenbach: 'god going to destroy us' via , god destroyed israel twice for not obeying his laws.
delusional. sad.
she did say the other day "i saw a girls saying 'shake it off shake it off' on the street mama what is that?"
i was like ah, the time has come
metal up bro!
always saturday morning playlist
i thought 32x wouldn't work with cdx?
it can, it's just not a comfy fit. she's never made the adapter piece.
....say, chocolate cake, then you've got no authority to present its fans with a trustworthy recipe.
so, i hate chocolate cake because chocolate = go home
that video going down as one of the best in history
let's not forget him losing balance after he says 20
big up se for always creating amazing work.
catching this man ! thank you so much it's been an amazing journey so far and ready for the next steps
yall need to get on that pc action tho
you know i'm always ready - you tell me you're a good point of contact and i will start referring folks and building that too.
the best natural ways to remove your upper lip hair, it won't grow back!
what about chin hair?
. found out the hard way that some habits die hard
believe him the first time they don't change
come join the conversation on the challenge: great contribution from
thanks tom!
i totally understand. the thought of him winning is making me sick- sick as of having to go to hospital 2 separate times lol
i am sorry to hear that.i understand. i have been losing sleep and its made me sick enough at times too.
writing about the top parties is giving me a residual hangover.
just write about all the ones a$ap rocky was at cause that's all that matters
risd students here in nyc! we can help out :) we're here all day
can you? would be amazing!
fact-checking donald trump's claim hillary clinton started the "birther" movement
he lies and believes his own lies. what does that make him?
smh people ain't got nothin better to do
right?! i just be over here, minding my business and talking about what i love lmao
tag your sponsor
living for the last one
slowed my long run down this a.m. after listening to 's inspiring interview w/ &amp; you know what?
it was great. still challenging, but spent a lot less time praying for stoplights to change so i would get a min to rest.
my segacdx +32x works &amp; looks amazing on my 4k samsung &amp; ur cable! and your ship tracking was great!
what tv model do you use? i'm trying to determine on a 4k set with genesis in mind.
i was like ah, the time has come
and now we shall dance
understood. i really appreciate what you're doing.
wu tang for the kids!!!! :d
omg....this guy right here....if all you got is freed the slaves you ain't got nuthin'.
he also said that the republicans were responsible for civil rights and voting rights. where do they find these people?
....say, chocolate cake, then you've got no authority to present its fans with a trustworthy recipe.
but, i hate chocolate cake because usually too greasy &amp; here's a solution = tell me more
i know it's 1gm but it's a continued theme with facing top quality opponents although this dallas team doesn't fit as much
i expect the cowboys to be dumb and play a lot of man. kirk should have a decent day. game should come down to stopping the run
thanks apple and icloud services for not restoring my iphone from a backup. i wasted hours and lost all the apps.
huge kudos to for saving all of my photos though.
..saneya bacchi..tum originally kis country s ho?
actullay i am from pakistan but when i was so small than we came in newyork
means a lot. credit goes to the team: .
i agree. please keep after ala ed r. murrow.
as do i. listen to the podcast, though. she explains a lot
i definitely will! thank you carlos !
just started running this year but couldn't agree more with points in this article.
totally agreed- thanks for sharing
man you can't even see the lacy detail on the bottom of the shirt bc such bad lightingg
that vest is everything tho
oh good! i forgot dc did a little piece on it. but yeah jason thompson &amp; tyler christopher both said it her idea first :)
maybe good pr for kim in the end? who knows!! glad tc and jt came out for her
good morning! hope you all have a good day and good to everyone from ! justice league strong!
not even gonna deny that bale as batman is my ultimate fave...
-your the racist...if whites were racist obama would not have been president 2x
this is the dumbest reasoning i have heard
the american public has absolutely no interest or stomach for the truth behind what actually happened on 9/11.
just watch movie "shooter".....they'll get an idea.
nooooo, we are living vicariously through you! see the city! mingle! eat all the things!
mom went with mama for bagels while dad and i had some qt game day time.
lmaoo you really put an emoji on your face
i look smacked
personally i think it's just bad timing, both starting out w/soaps could come up w/similar stuff
it may be...either way good pr for kim, getting word out there!
always the best (at in san francisco, ca)
trestle is the bombbbbb. been to stone's throw?
can't imagine myself having the luxury to talk about food when season kicks in. but i'll digest this one for my hungry stomach
i tweet all year about food. like lin, i'm a foodie. but i eat healthier than he does.
at least i'm in a city where i can eat an italian beef for breakfast.
that's any city...if you believe!!
"donald trump's birther event is the greatest trick he's ever pulled"
you...didn't read this article, did you?
glad to see you're still listening! (ps i stole the mic they didn't give it to me)
are you the producer for furman &amp; north tomorrow too? or are the three g's?
you dems will spin anything to fit your narrative. let's talk policy or what hrc has done in office.
or we can talk about what trumps done in office. or we can talk about who trumps done in an office.
it was great. still challenging, but spent a lot less time praying for stoplights to change so i would get a min to rest.
i feel so much less like the ghost of a human than i normally do after a long training run&amp;i had enough strength left to push the last miles
my god, lin, did he actually say this?
yes he indeed did. he's all class!
thanks cathy!!! spread the word.
i am doing the best i can after living with ms for 30 years! rockin' it and paying it forward. thanks!!
that's what we like to hear! which of our products are you using, lovely?
ambrosia, the shaving cream of the gods!
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
no you douchebag, responsible gun control is not taking all guns away, just being diligent about background checks
let's not forget when he says , two .. zero .. before he even says "20 nigga"
look how fast jahk's fists are moving in that pic
build a network that eliminates all threats and make dangerous networks obsolete
and keep in mind that every action is an act of creation of some new network.
you're right.. however, continental usa is also divided into southern, central and even pacific regions.
my god the liberal spin is insane
"the future of finance lies with rules-based, data-driven investment styles"
good read this.
that stunt was the most vile, insulting thing i've seen this campaign season.
no you're left wing bs is the most vile. birther is old news and you're desparate because clinton is going down!
so revis had a couple bad games and now he's washed??? brady has bad games sometimes but does that make him washed? revis will bounce back.
these receivers are faster than ever--revis either adjusts or doesn't adjust-he's smart enuf to adjust-will he?
you ain't try to get it tho smh
you wasn't even there
reunanen can really shoot. he's like a coiled spring every single time that puck finds its way across the ice and on to his stick.
he's in mestis this year right?
me when i look really good in a photo
probably me on ur bday
it does matter...he's pro 2a, you all missed the point and try to spin it your way
the 2nd amendment should be repealed
1. are you in the wedding? 2. if not, does the venue have wifi?
no to both :(
read this fast and thought you mean j phlip and was like since when does he like dirtybird
i was groovin to justin martin at edc o last year decked out in nectar gear only for like 10min doe
not gonna lie, i genuinely don't care but it seemed strange
you're assuming the uci knows anything about bikes. let alone what they're doing.
i'm all for more , but how does an empty blue page dispel fear? science/medicine are about people.
time/scientists/medicine is about money/prestige.
shame on you matthew. there you go again, spinning the truth and adding you own version. sorry you need to feel so desperate.
you are voting for a rapist
i feel so much less like the ghost of a human than i normally do after a long training run&amp;i had enough strength left to push the last miles
such a nice change from last weekend's where i couldn't wait for my watch to hit 16mi so i could stop running.
it's sex and the city, the movie (1)
i went to see the movie. love it. :)
paul's game depends on vic coming back twice as a shield for him, nicole's doesn't.
you can't say what happens if vic doesn't come back. paul used the situation best.
the unhidden costs of being left-handed.
unexpected twist: thais is for a pair of trousers.
crime stoppers doubles reward to $10k for info leading to arrest(s) of person(s) responsible for murders of 2 brentwood teens. #
the families of 2 teen girls brutally murdered must get justice, darla, but will they get the attention of hb jogger?!:/
i can't wait... feel like a kid trying to sleep on christmas eve lol
me too..i'm looking forward to tomorrow myself.. tailgating is a experience in itself..lol..but seeing you guys is great for sure
david cook - hero/rockstar megamix via
here ya go!!
i haven't listened to them for quite some time now ,i'll have to re acquaint myself i think .
definitely!
well done, katie. turned 30 this summer, too. the hangovers immediately doubled in length.
3x over here.
not sure, although i'm guessing sunday morning 6:30am visitors to yahoo smaller than thursday night prime time twitter
yes. seems like people went to yahoo just to see the game.
but starting a review of a pretty highly-regarded fantasy series with "i disdain fantasy" is not a good start
agreed. that's the i hate chocolate cake because chocolate scenario.
all my user onboarding scripts end up being about 1000 lines of - i wonder if this is like a universal constant?
pro tip: delete all the line breaks. one line of code is sexy.
but is it hot????? better not be vichyssoise
he mentioned wonton soup.
when i get mad i unfollow ppl on twitter then i'm like tf lmao that's so dumb like oooooo i unfollowed u very bold carrie
glad to make the cut
at any given time, night or day, there is a dude sitting on a new york subway train wearing a top.
was at the renn faire in tuxedo last month and sure enough saw a fellow in the hoops.
hey , please update your app. some stores marked as "participating" are not. (@ steinway today. )
it was a waste of time, and now i'm not sure if i can rely on your app for accuracy.
well done, katie. turned 30 this summer, too. the hangovers immediately doubled in length.
thanks! ps- the one about being kind does not apply to msu fans.
let's all grab coffee this afternoon??
let's play !
don't miss kicks
easier said then done buddy
tbc, it's not voters who write the news. the job of us journalists is to report on pols &amp; hold them accountable.
barro is a coward carrying water for the evil and ignoring all who call him on it. or blocking them
build a network that eliminates all threats and make dangerous networks obsolete
one can not predict with 100% certainty how the creation change the networks. of a creation. 1/2
chance the motherfucking rapper
what about him?
"donald trump's birther event is the greatest trick he's ever pulled"
you are proud of this? have you no shame?
great night. good night. @ new york - george washington bridge
where exactly near the gwb?
limited postgame field access passes remain, secure yours at
omg these are amazing upgrades if i was going that post game is a must!!!
lying about hrc's 2nd amendment stance &amp; calling for her assassination again in coded language.
thisis whatsomeonelikethisnarcissistic psychopathwhoisdesperate2win woulddo.probputouthit.nowonder hehas
answer is bunch of people have lunch in their buildings and leave after to do x? or people get to lunch walking/driving?
i think crews might have been scooping them up yesterday to get ready for last night's concert.
moonrise photos at 7:11, 7:12, 7:13, 7:14. people don't know how fast landscape photography changes.
amazing photography
wanted: new staircase.
staircase is looking like muscle beach for cats right now...
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
you are the loser honey
gunmetal grey, black accents, chromed rims, remote door opening, but wait, i digress...
i'm doing some serious shopping right now...
tired of "laptopism", assumption that everyone has/uses a laptop. i don't - been typing for 25 years, hope to get another 25. laptops hurt.
you're a raging anti-laptite!
no i'm not that's the rules lmaooo
okay fine lol we got this
someones last name at the airport is areola and im 12 so thats funny hahahaha
one time i saw a sign for a realtor named elegance wang, hahaha!
i'd rather be a forest than a street yes i would if i could i surely would i'd rather feel the earth beneath my feet
sublime and beautiful !! love it !
sounds like some early 00's indie flick
that's kinda what i was going for
my old school nes sports games mount rushmore:
no dusty d ? wheres the unfollow button ?
trump lies about his charitable donations and uses his fdn for personal purchases.
also illegally funneled money from his 501(c)3 to 501(c)4s incl citizens united
rafinha ruins a counter. water is wet
how come lahm hasn't played since that schalke game?
such a nice change from last weekend's where i couldn't wait for my watch to hit 16mi so i could stop running.
lastly, i feel very motivated to get out there tues a.m. &amp; push my planned speed workout.
long rant about windows 10 coming up. windows 10 had an update. since then my laptop can't stay on wifi for long...
i am avoiding it, my computer guy said so
i'm sayin nobody goes shittin on whatever they be doin lol
right?! because i'm too busy planning my gaming weekend with my homies. i could talk about his square head all day lmfao
happy birthday beautiful! hope you have a fantastic day, you deserve it
thanks babe!! you're the sweetest
game day....let's get it !!
coach glad to see all your players are bigger than you! loved you at ; wanted you at .
what are you reading today?
recently finished underground rr on . amazing.
return of the six megapixel!
ooooor, just make the whole thing thicker, mega battery mode!
need half on a baby played at my wedding
a boogies half on a baby
the families of 2 teen girls brutally murdered must get justice, darla, but will they get the attention of hb jogger?!:/
we know the were pretty enough, but...
how very arsenal it is that we suddenly start getting loads of penalties, at the precise moment when we have no-one who can take them.
santi takes them. no idea why he let alexis take it. hope he gets a fine.
build a network that eliminates all threats and make dangerous networks obsolete
good news is that a small cre-action can radically change the networks in place. with much less effort.
this is so stupid it's making me tired
are they telling me my agent orange eyeliner is no good?!
the real infectious disease that's threatening our election isn't pneumonia, it's a total lack of class.
hrc called bernie to congratulate him. has no obligation to congratulate a fascist though. that normalizes his campaign.
if you've tried xiao long bao, i highly recommend you make it your mission to do so. this will help:
i'd spill the soup over myself.
over time it just gave the impression the writer was a cranky, joyless person who had no love for food.
for sure, if that's the person mo across the board, it raises a lot of questions about their authority
they be hating on a great hobby smh lol
they always get stumped when you ask them what they like.
rt : i wish i could've helped her
well amber you can help the women out there now that are on the brink of suicide.
did you really just retweet yourself?
yessir lemme know if i broke an unwritten rule?
anyone have a fuji x2 pro? how do you like it?
in a new twist, is now tweetung from the 90s.
build a network that eliminates all threats and make dangerous networks obsolete
bucky shows how a small action can have a huge effect.
happy birthday to infinity big band director, john cross!
happy birthday mr. cross! from a 1990 cvcs alumni.
"y'all ain't no real x-men fans..."
you are speaking my struggle, my dude!
i'll admit it. i'm totally that person who will delay signing a contract if possible to avoid signing during a retrograde.
don't do that :)
nathan, you should try xiu lung bao at ding tai fung . good stuff. little bit over priced tho.
anything delicious i'll pay extra.
pretty sure every single person on the imdb forums is a serial killer.
those message board have not been redesigned since 2002
wishing you a great day
have a great weekend!
yes. need to bring my crystals on our trip to maine. catch that sunrise energy
i super cleansed / charged all of mine during the lunar eclipse in august!
i have tried all the suggestions, redownloaded drives, unticked the battery save thing etc. nothing works.
i don't understand why they make it so complex!
we've done a good job driving gun deaths down. we have to address root causes in society- behaviors &amp; emotional control.
are we in the middle of a cultural civil war in the usa more than ever that was predominately cold, now hot ?
trends; momentum; enthusiasm
you can't possibly have told him to dog whistle (again) a veiled threat of assassination. you are working for/with lunatics
hey serious question tho, is bo ?
if you have to ask that then that shirt shouldn't touch you at all
one of my favorite rappers. i was jus saying this shit few days ago
deadass!! ppl love tryna clown him like they don't love his music
beach : what word would you use to describe this picture?
been there and it's bliss!!
wow, placing a picture of muslim homosexuals on national media is tantamount to a placing a mafia hit on them, good luck guys
ahh be quiet that is obama's mess he got us in
looking forward to the primitive technology video where he finally shows us how to make cargo shorts.
that's a crazy series.
7 i think. the stairs were rough
omg no not the stairs hahaha fuck i'm glad you're alive
they're normalizing him by softballing questions, not hammering on the alt-right, bannon, and trump foundation.
noticehowlittleorno outrageonrussia hacking emails?
rmbr when we would spend alot of time on that group lol
people were so mean to us :(
i'll agree there's a lot of mediocrity that needs to be fixed, but it should come from a place of affection.
totally! can't argue with that. needs affection, certainty that a better way is possible &amp; ideas 4 how
my little guy slept the whole 4 hours home
that is so beautuful, i i've pets.
he's a smart hustler. i love it
he's truly brillant, go to the kith women's store across the street from kith it's so lit omg
coach glad to see all your players are bigger than you! loved you at ; wanted you at .
u were a in high school. class speed who played football.
carried all over nyc?
dunno! haven't seen too much of it. (perhaps can elaborate)
i you are such an inspiration.thank u indeed,as this is a movement to save our
hrc has lost her game,2many bad characters &amp;baggage
deadass!! ppl love tryna clown him like they don't love his music
bruv big fax. ! oi wyd doe i'm back out here in the x
that's csu-la. black student only housing began this fall, to conservative press backlash. i have a friend who teaches there.
thanks rigo! so interested in this. i know it wouldn't fly at just any of the locations though.
lastly, i feel very motivated to get out there tues a.m. &amp; push my planned speed workout.
so thank you + for talking some sense into me
disgruntled patients reveal the rudest thing a doctor or nurse ever said to them.
they're fucking doctors who cares about your feelings
. i have no clue what you're talking abo...
there's a few missing scott
de sciglio and antonelli watching the game last night supporting the team.
could they tell from the tv how shit monto is?
don't want to stay forever, sf is a strange city too many extremes. you driving down the coast on highway 1? x
unfortunately not, done or little road trip now and we fly home early on monday morning :'( kind of ready tbh to see my dog again
george wallace: third from the left
so what! guilt by association is a fallacy. mlk would've met w/wallace to promote rights.
be nice, urban magellans. people have lived here for a long time. leave your attitude in greenpoint.
me on the 7 train
didn't know you'd moved to ny. thought you were in minneapolis
i was in minneapolis. i moved to brooklyn just 2 weeks ago!
i don't think .app is going to fly. most apps don't need websites and certainly don't need email. maybe deep links
colin suggest u add .vip to yr excellent list of likely big winners. and many verticals will also be relevant.
good to see great feedback there's clearly life in the old fish yet
. an exwife we prefer not to talk about.
that the candidates are just as flawed, just as dangerous, just as dishonest, which is empirically untrue.
but i'm not seeing that narrative put into action. i'm only hearing people claim there is to help their candidate of choice
[], thought i was back at clayton country jam, is here on keuka lake.
that's awesome!!!
let's touch base today !
sounds like a plan!
for what ? this song been out
for him to start tweeting links again
lmao i mean not psycho maybe schizo
i have too many ppl talking in my brain but they all wanna b loved lmao
this is just footage of batman straight up killing people.
just like he does in every videogame ever made. and read a comic book. he's killed there too. so, who cares?
jerry west says adam silver's dislike of durant's move to warriors is "sour grapes"
wow west said that?
he likes to spice up his dull rhetoric, with what he hears from those attending his rallies . blank her, you can fill in
the vulture feeds on the dead.
bruv big fax. ! oi wyd doe i'm back out here in the x
i heard!!!! congrats! i have to check my schedule then we can link up!!
any way i say that to say complete strangers really will support you before niggaz who watched you grow.. smh it's cool i been numb to shit
that's a fact!
trump will fight to get companies to bring jobs back to america. hillary will fight for her donors and special interests as she always has.
keep the message going !
don't want to stay forever, sf is a strange city too many extremes. you driving down the coast on highway 1? x
seen a lot of places though that i never thought i'd see and had an amazing time so no regrets :) hope you have a lovely weekend
hey i got these shorts &amp; i'm lovin' such open-ness. it keeps the "stuff" cool. but your logo is upside down!
lol your a mess
legitimately top 3 contender for match of the year
bro r u fucking kidding me. i respect the match that much more; i mean if that was even possible. also i texted u
i truly believe trump could stand up at a press conference, do nothing but jingle his keys, &amp; tv reporters would spend 7 days analyzing it.
hey i think we may be looking at our generation's (as close as we can get).
can you? would be amazing!
i'm headed over to the fair at around 2! i can come to your booth and we can talk then!
you just miss smoking. you have withdrawals from addictive drugs like coke lean nicotine
you just made me feel and look like a goofy
can pls you adopt me?
too much baggage. adorable baggage, but still.
he's gorgeous. how big is he?
pretty solid cat. not huge but all muscle
but doesn't he straight up murder people in this fight scene?
murder is premeditated. this is self defense. and who cares? different batman.
can we make it tomorrow?
yeh that's fine!
she should have thrown him off the boat !
i would've!!!! what a piece of work he is
seriously - i need more than one tiny piece of paper towel to dry my hands. whoever invented those is the devil
right? completely worthless
and that used to feel like a huge component of foursquare!
the header image and the "chicklets" are designed to change / adjust
that nose!
the nose knows!
"i don't think you have to be married to have happy children."
the gop does. guy on the other day say child care could only be for the "natural family." omg thought i'd puke
lmfao byeeeee billy
oi love one of me doe
right. the whole thing with batman is that he doesn't murder people. yeah it's a good fight scene, but not for batman.
just like he does in every videogame ever made. and read a comic book. he's killed there too. so, who cares?
tickets:
i got tickets finally but boy i hate the game. hope you got yours
that was good. very good.
pep never complacent. looked a bit miffed going into that tunnel. perfectionist.
what day isn't that relevant.
you're the best boo *sends all the love*
hi dave! i'm on my way to denver...would love to hear firing squad or but you won't tomorrow!
debra im so happy to see you back in action... have a great show!!
a few songs will almost always make me misty-eyed &gt;&gt; cyndi lauper - time after time
come to new york. i'll sing it for you. i can still hit the final "*i* will be waiting."
i barely listen to these new rappers either
yea see if she like some old shit.
when in conversation with my wife, i refer to you as 'diane minneapolis'. hope you don't mind if i continue to do so?! ;-)
my full name is diane ny via minneapolis. but you don't need to say my middle name. i'd hate to confuse your wife.
didn't miss it, but unclear how/if aecom flood protection integrates with 's $100m+ ifps, *now* in planning.
. it's this lack of coordination btw agencies/planners/etc &amp; poor outreach that makes doing even *good* things in difficult
halsey is the new gaga
don't disrespect gaga like that! yes p.i. is a flop, but halsey my nigga?
maybe i haven't been paying attention, but where has been lately?
he was just on msnbc ripping nafta
you've inspired me hope i can run with you next time!
i would love that, i was sort of out there all on my own. would be great to have some company!
well today is starting off freaking fantastic
well when you look like this and have a great personality i could see why.
old macrettto had a farm, with a squeak squeak here, a squeak squeak there ;p
mmfff so much squeaking
in central park? sounds like the place to be. brews and entertainment:
sold out can i get tx ftom you?
time for ryan,mcconnell,mccain and all responsible republican leaders to renounce the bigotry dt is fostering and withdraw support.
ryan, mcconnell responsible leaders? r u forgetting that has only 8 judges. they allowed this trump thing to happen.
thinking a little bit more about this, it's also indicative of how preferences have shifted in the last 20 years.
not that long ago, people would have taken their $600k &amp; bought a huge house in rancho cucamonga, &amp; had a long commute. many still do.
that was a half of two halves. burst out of the blocks before defending well to keep peterborough at bay.
clean sheet, clean sheet, clean sheet!!
yours must be broke... mine works great..
record at just 2x? or go from 1x to 2x. if mine is broken then new iphone for me lol
ugh i know... the twists were fucking annoying!!!
i think without the twists we figure out that paul is better than what he was with vic
panda bear ready for another trip to the big house to whip some colorado buffalo ass!!!! @ great...
when do they start playing real teams
oh yeah. this election is deja vu all over again. is a fascist. period!
deja vu of 1930s germany?i am so nauseated w/trump jr. &amp; his neo-nazi pals.
ha. it's a leisure trip for all his hard work.
good for him, and good for you too.
anyone have a fuji x2 pro? how do you like it?
in a new twist, alex is now tweeting from the 90s.
when your saturday almost started really badly..
better than your foot
that's fine as long as you're not wearing white frames sunglasses.
actually me on the 7 train
stopping through philly at my parents' house. catching up on . what a fun show, stuffed with cinematic footage.
problem is you have to look at mark halperins smirk.
good morn \m/
morning all
hrc has lost her game,2many bad characters &amp;baggage
estab politicians r afraid bcs their game is over.
not that long ago, people would have taken their $600k &amp; bought a huge house in rancho cucamonga, &amp; had a long commute. many still do.
it's more recent that people are willing to spend a lot of money to have a short commute or have access to good transit.
oink oink, i'd like a go in that mask~
*blushes and wiggles* same! have that rubber pig mask and turn me into one like him. ^^;
happy birthday talia! love you
thanks po, love you!
also, i don't like trump. but just making the point media campaigns against him is unacceptable
media campaigns against trump?! you obviously don't live in the us
what trump just did is a disgrace.
everything you do is a disgrace
hey man are you arab? i am and i think that last name of urs is from an arab family...
yep yep - fellow palestinian here bro!
easier to understand the election if u see it as a competition between clinton donors &amp; trump's business over who is going to make a jackpot
only if you know the clintons have made nothing off their foundation. once again a false equivalency
putting my mom on this morning, chance blasting through the house
she likes nana because she loves action bronson
this old ticker of mine can't take much more of this ross browner just gave me his hat
awesome!!!
- guess the guest: he didn't cut this song on his own christmas album in 2006.
alan jackson!!! please please please!!
today is my birthday 36 and i offer myself a gift of listening latest cover of
happy birthday!!
seriously...what is bernat doing ffs
imao he tried to do a 5 star skill move imaoooo
what is a first line treatment?
first-line treatments include things like full medical work ups for possible physical ailments, evaluating home &amp; environment.
so super excited to meet cas! see you in october!
we'll see you soon!
how to escape my thoughts
where you ball at ?
also, can i just give a huge shoutout to who went through the illest transformation this year and brought our little family
a tiny warrior man to love and care for. perla, you have literally blown my mind away. i mean that in the best way.
yes you can. ya body can get addicted to anything.
see bro i know i was tweaking
9 times donald trump accused hillary of doing the terrible things he, himself, actually did:
liar liar your tails on fire
, grazie, gracias, danka, merci, spoceba &amp; thanks for the , antwan! we have music, books.
thanks for the retweet, antwan! please follow back! visit us for good music, books, photos, ideas at
such a fun year
enjoy the stretch before the second season bud! well deserved.
thanks lexi !
np hope you have a great birthday today!!!
did you ever pick the 2 million sub giveaway winner
yep! idahoman won it - were doing the trip early next year
she likes nana because she loves action bronson
"that's one crazy white boy"
i suspect he was still an indonesian citizen at 18 even tho he was raised by grandparents in hawaii. occidental college.
as far as the constitution goes he could've been raised on the moon
you won't regret it. especially now that tebow is on board.
quite frankly, i don't know how he's not already on the big club, bat in hand, hitting cleanup
9 times donald trump accused hillary of doing the terrible things he, himself, actually did:
maybe but they themselves are nuts
lakers news: luke walton says brandon ingram will not be in the starting lineup right away
that's one smart coach; kid not ready to play at high level; part 2 ? all are overrated n hyped.
oh god i needed the quiet and relaxing. just a different atmosphere. it's great. horseback riding today
enjoy. looks pretty out there.
protect scott at all costs
this is legally considered snitching
jesus look how fat my face used to be!! great hair though. wow when was this even?!!
all your lines, all your contours have been and always will be studly.
i smoke weed almost everyday but when i don't smoke weed i don't go crazy and don't go itching to get some
y'all i was a fien i started smoking weed at 13 and ain't smoke in 3 weeks. i'm doing real good
it's more recent that people are willing to spend a lot of money to have a short commute or have access to good transit.
they still bought a single family house, which is what the joel kotkins of the world will focus on, but that's a big shift in preferences.
and you know he wasn't talking about assassination;he was talking about . is using the best you have?
always amazed by women who would vote for this ignorant pig. pitiful.
can you dance like that? (my dad could get close...great skill).
of course i can you already know i have all the dance moves
so when are you sharing????? =)
next week my story will be posted on i'll tweet link. likely around wednesday.
spot the inaccuracies ... le beouf as mcenroe
right hand first and foremost
i don't like saying mean things about docker as i have friends who work there, but it does look like a bit of a trash fire.
we had a hell of a time upgrading from 1.6 (but we have a unusual usecase). vc funding makes priority of features &gt;&gt;&gt; bugfixes
it's great to be back on the campaign trail.
bill as usual stuck his foot in his mouth and hurt you
glad you added me to a list; i'll be following you. i'm a mom to an amazing, funny, smart, loving, intense boy.
awesome! have you seen the free e-course on my site? i think you'll love it. :)
no doubt! btw i'm inkbusy on steam, and always looking for a squad. i'm on psn as well but i play less games on it (i'm a mouser)
added to the list! i'll refer folks to you as i get them.
"i can't say enough that learning how to learn is one of the greatest skills anyone can have" -
mark makes good points but clinton has a long history of failing to keep promises and outright dishonesty.
thanks so much, helena. limited checking can be ok in early stages post-infidelity, so long as the couple agrees.
makes sense, holly. i see now why your class on the of close is so popular.
you're saying trump spent years questioning obama's birth cert. to secretly refute hillary.
trump wanted to put an end to the birther stuff started by hillary and he succeeded in bringing the matter to a resolution
his era would be pie.
i somehow think would love that -- apple or pecan perhaps??
here is just recorded at full zoom only.. i am shaking the camera on purpose too.. smooth af
that's with the telephoto lens alone?
you are gross ma'am rt : ill let him put it in my butt then mouth after the (cont)
you about to be blocked today
a tiny warrior man to love and care for. perla, you have literally blown my mind away. i mean that in the best way.
you are beautiful and courageous and i love you till the death of me. i feel rlly proud to call you my friend. happy birthday!
why don't we give chesmain a start. better than joe kamikaze martin. hate aob on wing. fergo/wylde more dynamic option.
when gregory is fully fit aob will have to be on the wing though i agree he's better up top. chesmain for sure needs a look now
icymi: a guy mansplained physics to an astronaut. no, really.
story of my life. phd in molecular biology from ucla and men feel the need to explain stuff to me all the time.
the brave men and women who have served our country deserve better than donald trump.
better than you smarty pants
hi andy. we apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused you. we'll get this reported to management. have a great day!
thank you! appreciate you passing it along.
agreed. but there's better ways of doing it than full on hacking then crippling their systems open to further attacks.
then hire him to make a better system. that's what facebook and microsoft does.
dude recording did not look for the key! that's why moms be like, "if i come in there and find it..."
this cant be real just because the father stayed so calm. my dad would have ripped my soul out if my chest
your favorite drag personalities will face off for the miss'd america title on 9/24! tix:
this is great. these haters will be there and they'll have grindr on full blast. don't pick them.
this is legally considered snitching
"i'm a hurt deer" lmaooooo
its that time of month again
buy me an account pls
very good. the creators of the incredible air bud franchise were fond of puns.
that's a good reason to love air bud
really? ball gowns? white? plus that's the central line, you can't fool me.
i forgot that you're an international person of mystery!!!!
thank you so much ! we are looking forward to your return trip, have a wonderful weekend!
us too!! we bought into uvc at maroma in 2012. wonderful!!
football team kneels during national anthem
not testing high on intellectual achievement
okay guys which hashtag you want to use for namik's bday!! choose below
so its happybirthdaynamikpaul right which we all will use or u shall announce
126 things donald trump has said and done that should disqualify his candidacy:
lets focus on what you have said
congratulations to u.s. women's wheelchair basketball team who beat germany 62-45 to claim the 2016 paralympic gold medal!
yes!! awesome.
happy birthday my love. have a great day!! i love you so much
thank you so much ! i love you foreva
love being back in japan. efficient, balanced, orderly, friendly, beautiful. one of the many many many things i love: heated toilet seats.
but their eco2 in the tank for last 20 years
associated press: putin says us campaign shows russia's importance
-importance? as a subversive, manipulative, yes, and evil, empire with putin as its emperor? putin is the ultimate spoiler.
they still bought a single family house, which is what the joel kotkins of the world will focus on, but that's a big shift in preferences.
and again, this is why we have to address housing as a regional issue...
that's a lie, she aligned herself extremely well from by teaming up with the powerhouses week 1
she sat in bed a majority of the time, had no social game, was only strategic last 7 weeks.
drinks and wrestling is always a good thing!
yessss so let me know when you're free. we're free saturday nights and sunday's
smh i read shit, this how you know i'm messy
okay that too
that'd be a very wet drive ;)
one day! did your arabic book launch here in the region?
reserve has been in ny (and on my phone) for a while but i've never bothered to actually use it
it's not bad but definitely limited to a certain class (read: trendy) of resto
out there on twitter, a billionaire is trolling a (maybe) billionaire. millionaire, for sure.
ha ha! everybody look: it's donald the millionaire!
i'm getting fucking crushed this season gino. need some winners today. who ya got
these three start with at noon
clayton kershaw is the greatest pitcher ever and we have the privilege to witness it first hand
anthony recker doesn't approve of this
permanent move? or relatively temporary? i keep meaning to head in to the city again, not been for a while
i'm here at least for a couple years. no idea after that. let me know if you come to the city and we can meet up!
trump's habit of projecting his actions onto someone else is what 6-year-olds call "i know you are, but what am i?"
when did you get a doctors degree hillary
yes we do you started already ?
yea since last night
good morning! i was about to write a long diatribe of some thoughts, but realized no one wants to hear it.
so instead, i hope you have a lovely day! do something fun! spend time with people you love! xx
when you do a party last minute and it's still lit
your welcome
playing the 1st for the 1st time. it's free with xbox live gold. i'm terrible at this game. i've died numerous times already.
is it good? i've always wanted to play it but never got around to it. looks pretty.
the new issue of is sublime
why's that?
g'morning leslie&amp; friends. have a nice weekend
thank you! you too!
. this guy is ok with little boys being raped. disgusting. penn state should've gotten the death penalty.
so sick of those penn state mongs.
happy birthday ya old goose!
thanks friend, lover, horse riding extraordinaire, father, brother
donald trump has spent years peddling lies about president obama. and that didn't stop today.
because obama is nothing but a scumbag
and he'll end up destroying the country... but hey, at least black folk and women aren't in charge, right?
more innuendo, mole. more and more americans are supporting trump. those left supporting will be the
us too!! we bought into uvc at maroma in 2012. wonderful!!
i'm a travel blogger and have posted on several trips-secrets and zotry!
and again, this is why we have to address housing as a regional issue...
insisting that people move to greenfield development in the ie is not a practical solution.
*ponders and then makes ridiculous comment...* minny apples then big apple. (i assume that was a bot that rtd last tweet?!)
i assume it's a bot too. but i've no idea.
"on november 8, you will decide whether we have a president who believes in science and will fight climate change-or not." -
i will vote for trtump
you tell me? lol.. yes it's telephoto only.. 6x
well time to go visit an apple store.
second saturday in a row i'm so proud and happy lmao
my entire body is thanking me...
good morning bro lock in for today can i get 10 more minutes
can i get like 10 more minutes
giant sweaters and django reinhardt weather
enjoying my basic ass morning tyvm
i just remembered i have confirmation class tomorrow for the rest of my life why did i sign up
me last year
he's personally a republican and has issues w/ both candidates. there's no dishonor in weighing one's choice, so long as he votes
they worked closely together. his previous comments on that relationship were unambiguous. this dramatic shift seems calculated.
trymike4instance? how is or was he a mlg youtuber?
he made montage parodies before he switched to commentaries.
you know this varies right ?!? lmao women snore...
u snore ?! i don't think i snore but i move in my sleep ode. i slapped one my x by accident lmao
if you haven't read robert gates article in today's at a minimum read this quote!
and may i add...
you dont have a phone number for support ?
no. enjoy your pinky finger sized sushi warm sushi and cold miso.
fuck you nicholas!!!!
hahahahaha i forgot about the minivan. lmfao. i tweets that cuz someone in a kia cut me off and stole a good parking spot
plop a 4-track el over that.
i've been imagining slightly alt universe in which r moses acquiesced to rail row down center of his expressways
maybe, although i think 30% were from europe
if avg visitors is the same for each, what else could cause the delta
yes. but as the new spokesman i'm going to decline further comment
when did discover it can market to drunk people in addition to babies? this pivot seems fairly recent
loved it too. nfl network did an even better special on him in 2005
didn't know that, maybe i can find it online. i knew a lot of his story already but it was still very well done.
"we deserve a president...who believes that each of us is part of the american story, and we're always stronger together." -
you are all about yourself and no one else so just get out of the race
"we are social democrats we create policies from our party's constitution and ideologies" - asiedu nketia
really? like giving money to selassie ibrahim? crusty
in order to win the election your commercials has to show a reality show format that has a devastating ending with trump.
please you have to change your commercial format. let me help! take for example geico commercials. it's for millenniums.
thank you sir! i drew even more bat-characters as well but didn't have access to the files from my phone when i posted this.
wait. i missed the part where that was your artwork! wow!
happy birthday i'm so glad we've became friends have fun moving emelly in, we'll miss her
thank you macy!! glad to have a friend like you
it's an excitement being pregnant lmao for leya i got all her clothes &amp; dead put no clothes on my babyshower invite
in the future i may do the same. unfortunately some people simply don't have good taste.
.1) $10mm to the charity of your choice if you let me interview you for 4 hrs on your policies and their substance.
has no interest in giving money to charity. you'll have to pay him directly to answer any questions. and he'll lie.
historically, those in the npp have been against development boards of any kind -- gen mosquito.
this man's thinking is really beyond rhis world. piss poor
can't wait to go to la next week! rt : raising some funds with my sisters for the transgender law...
girll you're back!!hope to see you next tuesday
oops wrong person
i miss you too baby
like dead last. rt : wow..... unbelievable
and got the nerve to use a picture of harden cookin
in 1959 helmar frank did research on quantifying surprise:
in neuroscience, thus is measurable by electrical activity. an .
i like the transition from "i'm" to "lol wya" i thought he was about to get deep for a minute
oh my god i just realized this was 9:51pm the levels to this shit
what trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. apologize to the president, and to the american people.
whhen are you going to own up to yours
weed is a plant.. nicotine is a drug
so what you call me eating non stop ? getting my appetite back ?
i want bacon!
i'm craving steak.
greenday's billie joe armstrong in his first lead acting role.........:
ferris beuller's day off, hangover, little miss sunshine. and it opens on my birthday. can't wait!!!!!
depending on what "everything" is, it might not even compliment it lol
well to this dork, it complimented everything
i told ya "god awful"
this kid goes to college one weekend and now has opinions! did your professor tell you to say that narc! narc
a muslim can be potus. that photograph did not illegitimate his presidency. trump is a white supremacist fascist pig.
trump is a pig for many reasons. but circulating that photo played into xenophobic and anti-islamic fears. it was racist.
this is what happens when you de-fund public schools. so sad
education should be top priority same level as national security. look to scania for answers on how to educate.
cooking all done here at paws up. all paid for from hubby's job
i need a better job. i probably get a trip to downtown newark. ah well, 90+ days.
... , which i am so excited to read, is going across the pond to lucky : (2/3)...
i cannot wait for you to read!! (i kind of forgot that you haven't yet!) i want to see you, my love!!
in honor of which is your favorite batman comic story line?
what's your favorite batman animated series?
clintons fail transparency in the age of surveillance. trump fails rationality in the age of conspiracy.
-i believe trump's failure is far more dangerous for the nation.
i'll be sure to tell bo that while he &amp; i are enjoying beers &amp; you're watching by your lonesome self
who says i'm alone? i've got harbaugh's army with me
what's your favorite batman animated series?
who played batman the best on screen?
my normal thing is to jump to conclusions, make a rash comment &amp; then realise that the recipient was a friend of a twitter friend
twitter is hard like that. you never know who anyone is. it also matches users by phone number. 1/2
so which team do want on your hat billy? bacon and eggs...some hash maybe.
that is pretty funny, seriously! country breakfast! lol!
happy birthday to the most annoying but also hilarious and loving person i know! we've been friends for the longest time and+
i cannot wait to meet you in person! i love you hoe
i would laugh if you somehow found my address and sent me a case.
office address
if you missed the walkoff win last night, but can't watch baseball at work, here's the game story. it was great fun.
magical even
enjoyed my stay this week. can't wait to be back
love it there!!
i've been typing out my interview with for 3 days and it's 31 minutes but we had such a good conversation in such (cont)
extensive detail that i'm only on 14:45 - look for the interview at
i'm ready to die
i'm ready to be broke as hell
a muslim can be potus. that photograph did not illegitimate his presidency. trump is a white supremacist fascist pig.
and the fact that you excuse racism from clinton campaign in 2008 shows you care more about winning than you do about racism
check ur stud kandy link.it take me somewhere else on both pages
yeah i shut the website down. i forgot to remove it
i like them both really. they both have their merits though i like jp type zero for its sleek and color.
i agree. i lean towards the jp version too because it doesn't have anything superfluous. non-working light on us type is a flaw
happy birthday to one of my very best friends love ya
thanks andrea
they've raised hundreds of millions of dollars of campaign cash and been paid tens of millions in speaking fees...but u knew that
so you are against capitalism. a speech is a product and if someone wants to buy it whats your problem? jealous. do u work free
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
she only wants citizens guns so we become subjects not free men!
i literally can't afford it. the meal plan and flex dollars are the only thing keeping me alive
shawn keeps taking my money and i have like, 5 dollars
oh, you were joking. sorry, a lot of people here have weird definitions of "affordable"
yep, agreed... gotta look at other parts of the country to keep perspective sometimes!
9 youth athletes from chelt, abington, springfield and lmoreland will make pa sports history sunday!
: nice poster! best wishes this weekend!
jerry west says adam silver's dislike of durant's move to warriors is "sour grapes"
why the will never be the same w/o . "the commissioner said something like that and i called him about it"
my normal thing is to jump to conclusions, make a rash comment &amp; then realise that the recipient was a friend of a twitter friend
so i get notifications like "your friend 'massive tr*mp d*ck' is now on twitter." and i say who the hell is that? 2/2
interested to know how this trip was paid for. a tax and fec issue. but trump won't release his tax returns
release your taxes mr trump!
in a normal election, the private email server would have forced clinton to drop out long ago
but there was no evidence of wrongdoing? hillary has lies and trump lies. but who is qualified for this job?
&lt;really a trump troll
i understand- when a progressive criticizes hillary, they must be a trump troll.
trump is not only proof that we're in a simulation, but that it's the "let's really fuck with them" version.
how do i opt out of this bucket?
russell. my gran nellie who you met at the playhouse wsm is very pooly. could you please pray her
sending lve &amp; prayers russell love from nyc
yeah it was more graphic. he found his dead grandma murdered with knife in her head
yeah, man. devastating stuff. the guy went through so much and still maintained such a positive attitude on life.
thanks have a great day
you too..am so looking forward to tomorrow.. i'll take some pics n post them on ig n fb n a few here..rrraaaiiidddeeerrrsss
acting like i disgraced the match lmao but there was hella good matches this yr also i responded to ur text the sec i got it lmao
lol nah bruv not at all. my 'r u fucking kidding me' is referring to the match being winged. wung? wung-eded?
they've raised hundreds of millions of dollars of campaign cash and been paid tens of millions in speaking fees...but u knew that
she is for campaign reform &amp; will bring it about. right now she has to work in the system
is it? i'm so tired of the rudeness and disgraceful way we keep heading further into the abyss. wake me on 11/8 so i can vote
and the lying murderer will be the one to help fix the country? you liberals live in some fantasy land
lol. come join the wine business. lol he goes spain, italy, california. washington va boston
i get to get up at 0300 hours to listen to screams and deliver babies.
thank you. o can't keep up with all these channels lol
yep not the easiest but thank goodness they tweet it a lot ; )
lol. remember when these same ppl told you 'fine, don't vote, we don't need you?" the polls say ppl do! :)
hehe. good times
batman the animated series gave us the best batman show but under the red hood is the best batman movie
factual and actual.
sitting looking at this from inside the kitchen window cause i got chased inside by a bee.
hey do you date 21 year olds????
on msnbc with joy talking birtherism. it is not over.
you were amazing esp when u mentioned that some people cried when potus had to show his birth certificate.so insulting.
i can't believe these are behind the scenes pictures and not david and emily acting as booth and brennan i'm gone
its to bad that they didn't meet when he was single, they look so good together.
excited for 's thought leadership breakfast with this incredible view of the rockies
you should go check out boulder and the educational institution that shaped me into man i am today...
no, dear. i think you misheard them, they were singing "shake it up."
ha! she actually knows that song well, we are huge cars fans. was practically her lullaby (harvey karp joke)
. dignity. always dignity.
bringing shaker heights style to the east coast!
downloaded i'll give it a try
thanks! let us know what you think!
my room wasup bro
come to century imma sign u in
you thought i was dumb??
nah, i knew you weren't, but you be pulling out the sat words sometimes &amp; i'm like "okay mouse!"
i need to zone out and finally listen to the summer time shootout 2 mix tape ..
sex with me remix &gt;
i've been imagining slightly alt universe in which r moses acquiesced to rail row down center of his expressways
oh &amp; the bridges. esp since i'm condemned to drive over triboro &amp; bronx-whitestone too often
mmm. snackies for humans and pugs &amp;
see you tomorrow hambone
also gangbanger in hs had put gun to his head, pulled the trigger and gun kept on jamming
yeah he talked about that in his hof speech
awk i just posted a picture of us lmao but i love you ! happy bday to you !
lmao we really are twins i'm dead
my season is over...now i go back to the pucks! on at 2:15 pm today!
have a great season!
but they are so vitally important to "the landscape of cfb"
who cares about them after week 1 is the point. they're harmless and fun before.
i only want a partner who is selective. i don't want to feel like someone is just settling for me because the person they want don't want em
like... choose me. if you want me then you should choose me out of your options and make me a priority. i deserve that much
border effectiveness - official rate vs. reported rate being hidden.
obama lies to protect hillary!
yeah - i have a mindwave device sitting on my desk which i was hoping to bring in at some point for this purpose.
so you'd wear it and register your surprise and that would enrich the training set by a degree, ?
9 times donald trump accused hillary of doing the terrible things he, himself, actually did:
i can't wait to say "i am happy president hillary clinton is the leader of our country." thank god for her.
women are paid much more to model. men are paid much more to compete athletically. which one is sexism?
neither! lol it's based on demand for female models and male athletes! econ, 101 folks...
i told my mom that when she was here! that would never fly if she was a woman of color or poor
when i was a goldman intern they took us to see mama mia (similar plot). i had the same issue then and couldn't get into it
this game was so lit
msg was off the hook that night i was 10th row. melo bucked beater at the end of the 1st q
giants' draft scouts will be at today's alabama vs ole miss and oklahoma vs ohio state games.
reuben foster please
here ya go.
not enough characters. u know that. u count on it
djt not a lifelong political hack. he has msm drooling 2destroy every word out of his mouth
and yet the msm protects &amp; covers hrc constant scandals. we have to agree on that, no?
it's still brilliant
people are eating it up.
i got into an hour long arguement with someone from jersey ln bc they tried to tell me tht new jersey bagels are better than long islands
i guess new jersey weed is better
i wonder whether directors sit so close to their actors when shooting close-ups today
far too many are nowhere close to the action.
where am i??!!?!!!
there are so many others that i love
"taxpayer dollars intended for haiti and the earthquake victims went to a lot of the clinton cronies."
sad how they stole donation from the worlds poorest and most helpless!
ahhhh got my tickets already
tell uncle basil hook a sister up
what a counter attack by man city!!! 3-0!!! another assist by de bruyne!!!
actually it's iheanachos assist, but man what a break!
thanks, m! you're always in my corner &amp; sometimes you're on the wall live now
hey micah how do you feel about being on a screen with the words "least sexy" above your head? ha.
"write like ur explaining something in a bar" is actually such shitty writing advice. why do ppl keep repeating it
"so here i was totally smashed and then like rachel was there and we did [make whoop noise] and that explains brexit!!!"
do u still stream
yes but my mom is in town so not until she leaves
don't want to tip a loser now ! but who wants another tip ?
missed about 50 points in the last 3 days as can't gamble in new york
i wouldn't have made it out the door.
acs would not be able to save me
. had positive words for last night on "hannity."
truth. capitalism at its best
that's so rewarding though. such miracles. god bless you
i have enjoyed it but now time to let others take over.
whoever correctly guesses what laban action my teacher compared me to gets a sticker
everyone's saying dab but i'm feeling a flick
wouldn't be toooooo different. rail in freeway medians underperforms.
sure they underperform. but still, imagine rail over verrazano, along bqe. transfer to lie or cont over triboro
he hurt his other knee during the game last night.
oh no... sending prayers his way
you're on the few radio shows where the co-host is more enjoyable than it's host. keep it up!
oh you hush! wait no, keep it up.
ooooh that could be soooo dangerous
that's actually inside a candy shop lol. pls pardon the lighting as well
hillary is the least qualified person in the world for anything but prison.
lol, even republicans realize she's qualified. and, given both lie, that question is what will decide race
college gameday is so ridiculously over produced.
the cast is way bigger than it needs to be. they need to make cuts and get down to a 6-person roster.
hiring disgraced debbie wasserman scholtz
hiring dws wasn't just bad judgment, it was a statement that hrc supports dirty tricks.
anyway, the glib "this wouldn't happen at *my* school" attitude just seems naive.
there's just no such thing as identity in this case. could've happened at any level of school, anywhere.
. is the reason why i no longer support donald trump! thank you for opening my eyes!
good luck with that.
six months is long enough, senators. it's time to and give judge garland a hearing.
life is really
are you fucked yet?
oh yeah raw dog no lube it's gonna be rough
the firdt pic that girls arm and that guy's leg omg i thought they were attached
i know i couldn't stop laughing
hot off the presses! available 11/16
thank you, can't wait to share it with you!
today's the day! lets go team usa
suit up!
either they knew it was likely coming, or they were caught out and were genuinely surprised. not sure which
they underestimated the free press, social media, and peoples genuine outrage. they are not smart and very greedy
hillary's advisor, sid blumenthal, started the story. been dividing america ever since
yup. he started it and is still trying to divide americans with it!
"i remember living in ny and enjoying omelette delivery." "you can make an omelette at your house." i mean, why use twitter in that way?
another great th
god answered, but when you don't like the answer...
it's a test, or failing that, "mysterious ways".
will try to be there.
i'll look for you in the hilton lobby at 12:30 , okay?
any story line where he dies because batman is thee most overrated overhyped superhero ever.
you could have easily not answered, but thanks for letting me know you don't like batman.
trying to block, but the latest iphone app update finds a branding opportunity and adds follow as an option
ios10 may have some advantages but i find it mostly clumsy and annoying
city breaks so easy and so fluid. still early in the season but at this rate they gonna walk to league .
they playing so good they got me watching bundesliga
like... choose me. if you want me then you should choose me out of your options and make me a priority. i deserve that much
don't just be desperate and talk to a bunch of people to stroke your ego and also try to fuck with me. that's wack as hell.
did i misread something... thought you were doing something today at at 5:30?
i am! in the auditorium, so i need someone at my table
pls donate to the american foundation for suicide awareness everyone all donations are greatly appreciated! rt this!
everyone please donate and/or share!!!!!!!
the fifa 17 dortmund career mode is going to be coming in hotttttt..
absolutely! too bad i'm a mnchengladbach fan.
kevin conroy on tv screen ben affleck on movies cause of his fighting style michael keaton was phenomenal
ben affleck?! *clutches chest* i still haven't seen batman v superman though.
don't scale beyond the magic.
(looking for post where i read this recently. if you know, please send me the link!)
collin powell's emails being revealed is such a relief to see someone in a high position know that clinton and trump are both nut cases
we are doomed ! it's a funny farm in these here parts with our options.
in case you were wondering where i differ on the article you shared which focused on charitable grants
interesting. you can never really trust any single source it seems. anyway, my feeling is that you are a clinton supporter.
love sports weekends like this. yankees in town. sox winning 2 so far. pats playing dolphins tomorrow. sunday night baseball. life is good!
i know... things are looking up...much excitement and for me it's the closest i get to boston.!
.'s star-studded bash.
more money grabbing
let me love you and what do you mean
(i'm a belieber)
"what color panties are u wearing" like why bro
wtf lmao someone asked you that?
let's be clear: just admitted that he peddled fake conspiracy theories to attack the integrity of .
let's be clear: his followers love him for it.
don't block me ma'am!
no block necessary, i like you otherwise lmao
"i remember living in ny and enjoying omelette delivery." "you can make an omelette at your house." i mean, why use twitter in that way?
another great thing about ny is that it tends to keep people who think like that away.
marry a woman from b/a or forget the presidency - presidential aspirants told ....
how stupid can it get. marry an incompetent woman and......? ah
you won't see these facts on fox!
they have only gotten worse since ailes was forced out
thank you for the retweet!
you are most welcome.
and wonder why they still got hung. smh
they dont lynch anymore. now its called :"police involved shooting" same thing but so 21 st. century.
i believe they call that "seinfeldian." or they should.
lyrics in ewtrtw is foreboding &amp; relevant forever profound use in
not often do i use the word "crisis" when referring to . this is one of those times. the team is in crisis and ...
this where the circle the wagons thing comes in. win the next two and he's coach of the year.
i did it when i packed my suitcase to florida and all my shirts were fine you just have to do it the right way
hmm maybe i'll try it.
this is a totally honest question: can congress pass a law banning a president trump from using twitter?
generally no; 1a violation. but could for treason, sedition, other law violation. twitter could ban him, as a corporation.
thanks for live tweeting with us! have an awesome weekend! see you next week. -
, it was the worst thursday birthday moment because of him.
obviously its not for shock value...read the article.
these days we live in we don't have to show pictures like that folks no what poverty/mental illnes
wtf lmao someone asked you that?
bro some guy wouldnt stop calling me yest blocked talking mad disgusting shit.
i can't wait to see what critically important company this man starts.
btw, don't be a snob. we want &amp; need stupid startups. it's people learning &amp; trying. besides, most of us have no idea what we're doing
seasons are changing. turned dry again. when i take my shirt off to go to sleep it produces a beautiful small electrical storm.
this reads like a love scene out of altered states.
don't just be desperate and talk to a bunch of people to stroke your ego and also try to fuck with me. that's wack as hell.
i'm deadass a wavey mami &amp; if i'm not your first &amp; only choice among other people you were also tryna get at, just leave me be
lol i don't think the news care, friend. it's not a big deal. just an example of how stupid and unnecessary cops are
they'll all care when i'm through;)
the joepa defenders are definitely the most dangerous cult in america.
the absolute worse.
the downside of flying is the safety video theme music stuck in your head for the next 5 days
the other downside, no mobile boarding passes or app
almost ain't recognize you w/o the bonnet from this morning lol
lmao i clean up nice.
i honestly didn't find the film scary. not terrible. just not scary.
i hated it when it came out, but was just talking about the ending with someone, so gave it a second look. hated it again, ahah
i am okay with the iphone 7's home button.
try it with gloves on.
i'm still confused about which parcel is which and where the residential/retail is located
they should've done an all inclusive rendering! but right across from you guys is parcel 2 (lot of retail) by morgan/christa.
awe thx sweetie but try not to let that horrible man get 2 you i feel trump is pure evil he/his family only care for themselves
i know and this is what scares me
never forget-because all these serious professional journalists are pretending they never said this:
love it! never forget hillary started this!
like the ipod
i... pod? what's that?
awww you're going to the 1st one already!
can't believe it's next week! just a few days! 5 days. (but who's counting?)
the new way to promote yourself is tug and pull at meek smh you old ass rappers gotta stop man you had your turn fam now fall back.....
gotta remind everyone of the butterfly tat he has and them pics as a male stripper g unit put out years ago
he had just hit a home run after exactly 2 months so the team jokingly gave him the silent treatment
yes, i was aware it had been awhile!
i truly adore sports (sorry) and love all teams but the franchises i dislike: 1) 2) they stink dislike = hate
cleared it up
it's a third! timo with a superb finish to beat ! (77') 0-3
leipzig might be one of the best career mode teams for fifa 17.
honestly i chose him because he fights like bm does in the arkham series every move is planned and precise and intense
that makes sense.
nobody should think we have already won the elections, let us all come out and vote on election day. - kofi porturphy
but you said u have won? this guy destroyed nadmo
never even heard of it
get off the exit hit dibellas for a sub get back on northway n forget about it lol
absolute treasure and i love ernest borgnine shots with the fly
you mean jack elam.
imma just smoke with u idk what to get ya bum ass
that's the best gift you coming thru tonight?
4 police officers shot - cops injured in philadelphia and ft. worth.
sad and disgusting. needs to be a crime with enhanced penalties!
i knew i liked y'all for a reason. even with carmilla's horrible sports choices &lt;3
don't bring that sportsball mess over here lmao
what if the people she lurking on the ones she's picking for secret sessions of ts6
gyal, don't play with me
i didn't see it. i had just gotten home and didn't take the time to look figured be easier to ask lol
that is the beauty of this twitter thingy : )
google street view blurred the face of a cow to protect its privacy
i know that cow. good cow. great cow, actually.
i really wish i was going to the howard vs hampton game today
so them tickets..
i'm down for food and chill!
yes! we just did this yesterday. let me know when you're free this week. &lt;3
heartfelt post by congrats on the past 5 years and thanks for !
congrats on a great run, jeff! enjoy the time and space for what comes next.
i'm eating cake and potato chips for breakfast so don't tell me i don't have my life together
im having gummy bears so i think you're more together than me
bread/most grains are gut bombs 4 me. have seen several variations of breakfast "sushi" in cookbooks. tried it - it's yummy! a new option!
gut bomb is novel way to discribe a big stomach. so true
is it hillary clinton's fault that millennials aren't getting her message?
her message is that it's her turn
need advice: what is the best way to slide in someones dms?
send a link for the song wanna fuck you by akon she'll enjoy the song no matter what
they should've done an all inclusive rendering! but right across from you guys is parcel 2 (lot of retail) by morgan/christa.
parcel 3 (greenspace) on the corner of east and union across from bethel church. parcel 1 from home leasing is on charlotte st
if said to a russian privately what he said publicly abt hacking emails he'd be on fbi watchlist not campaign trail.
and yet hillary jeopardizes national security with her emails and we hear nothing.
link to my new podcast and it's first episode. ! enjoy!
" call me anything but bitch nigga"
trump: "i think that ['s] bodyguards should drop all weapons... let's see what happens to her."
see if she really believes in "no guns"!
okay but i got hookah and my mom aint home till tmrw so pull up
bitchhh imma be sleeping for the next three days sis. take me out to eat tho i missed processed unhealthy food
cheating this guy in primaries
cry when voters reject you
1. i watched as a teenager reagan start the destruction of unions, of regulations guarding americans from corporatist, wall street
. extra ironic as raygun was the head of the actors guild a union. it is sad to see someone so corrupted by money
yesterday. looking pleased. @ soho, new york fashion district
hey, are you holidaying or working on something out here? you arrived in time for the nice weather!
cause they need attention that they dont get at home
that's so depressing, can't relate
if by 'qualified' you mean 'corrupt,' sure. and that is why politicians like her. they want more corruption.
but donald has corrupted pols? how can we trust he won't do it again to pass his policies. simple, we can't
in honor of , here is my favorite batman gif of all time. enjoy.
"some days you just can't get rid of a bomb." (bitter reality today for people living under shadow of 's air force.)
deathstroke
i see this - i feel like he's not illustrated much in the actual movies but really ought to be.
people don't get why is so dining on while
&amp; need to have their own show already! i love me some but we rarely get &amp;
media handed their power 2 trump last year for ratings. now they can't get it back bcs they fear being shut out by this monster they created
i would also add "access". nobody wanted to be cut off. the chuck todd and chris matthews types particularly.
i took a photo of the woman's badge who said "absolutely not! miami did not reserve this section" - i want her job
seriously you ain't right lmaooooo
pls think edcamp for admin?!?!
is admin ed camp conf over the summer :)
he is my best friend
it's like he got caught the first time and said "fuck it, if i get caught again they'll definitely make a movie about me"
but will they grant his motion for a pizza and weed?
i think after he's forced to scratch off obama, oregon state officials, alex jones &amp; harambe, he'll subpoena 10 pizzas
after texas high school builds $60-million stadium, rival district plans one for nearly $70 million
high school sports is getting crazy!!!
i hear ya.. just too tempting to use pulisic.. then they've also got dembele, mor, weigl.. etc.. crazy team to grow with..
leipzig will be fun too. had many olympics players such as selke and klostermann with the new danish striker and timo werner
hi there. it's nice to meet you too. thanks for introducing yourself in such a kind manner.
supposed to be funny?! but i'm not exactly funny, so i am sorry. but seriously, what isn't longer than a brit marriage?!
thanks! please do sign up.
i could not find you in ios app store
unless you're talking about the penn state debacle today. in that case, have the courage to shut. it. down.
i'm not talking about penn state. i commented on that earlier.
not named joker? scarecrow
i was hoping folks knew that joker was immediately off the table hahahaha. that's a given. scarecrow scared me for real.
happy birthday!! i hope you're having a blast in ny maybe we can hang when i come visit brad! i hope u have an awesome b-day
thanks girl(: yes of course we will!! we'll have a lot of fun
thanks stephen, that's the nicest thing you've ever said to me
don't do anything too dumb tonight, but if you do, i won't blame you, have fun!
it's the only leica i can afford
seriously, they rally get you with the name tax.
media handed their power 2 trump last year for ratings. now they can't get it back bcs they fear being shut out by this monster they created
and don't forget the fear of being labeled "liberal media" if they questioned anything. completely complicit.
central park days are the best!
and the leaves are falling i want to see it before it freezes over again
man i got a sad wild story like this and crazy. it happened in philly man
what happened? police shootout or some street beef?
how do i be you and experience this
shake that ass al
12) trump may be a character out of the music man. is a character out of darkness at noon.
finding ourselves applauding david frum is disorienting. but, david, you had me till music man. hill wasn't evil.
no offense to pogba lovers but based off of current form and ability, de bruyne has to be seen as the best mid in the league. agree or nah?
de bruyne likes to go wide though. pogba seems to stay central. however i'd agree.
thats a tough one. i grew up on michael keaton but christian bale did the damn thing!!
i love everything about bale's batman except that forced ass voice. ugh. my favorite live action batman also.
come say hi
my thoughts exactly
saved this for last. looks like a juicy one.
what is wrong with this manchild?
trump's list of provable lies. w/
sounds like she's all for supporting a liar to me
spoke to url...the battle will drop today later this afternoon..so u can stop refreshing ur screens and come back to computers around 3-4pm.
they can't say battle rap is dead because folks feening for this battle. not that serious.
lmfaooooooooooo some shit that would happen to me
lmfao i seen that and thought of you lol
hate being right all the time.
don't think bayern is right comparison. maybe more like barca/real's annual chances of making
when i saw this i immediately thought of rachael fizette
what does this even mean
didnt blackberry already do that?
what's a blackberry?
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
it's not cnn, its the ding bat surrogates you have supporting you
tie between bane and hush. killer croc a strong .
killer croc never gets the love he deserves, he's never portrayed well outside of comics. :/
improv class this morning. followed by a day trip tomorrow. you?
that sounds fun! i love watching improv. i'm shooting a video and writing. do you perform locally?
thats you? a lil worker bee just buzzin' lmao
queen bee bro cause i'm just standing her watching
ten jail birds: pro skaters who've done time - ... via
damn, smuggling coke under grip tape - ingenious!
and thank you for yet another amazing creation from each of you. i absolutely love the show!
thanks so much, flora!
good to hear insist on facts from sycophants. &amp; his minions have lied &amp; bullied past media for too long.
but joy is a sycophant to
stranger things? what channel is that on, fox news? ha ha
my nephew told me its on the netflix? i ordered the dvds but didn't give me a tracking number!
2019? this will be ignored by many, methinks.
i'm not aware of a way to cobble together asil-d steering hw before that time, hard for many to ignore that
good morning!! happy saturday! working today, tim?
nope. weekend off work. i'm going to be a lazy-butt. grin
third* weekend here... also professor narc is the jomosexual
you're such a college 18-34 year old hipster man! jims video is a masterpiece!
how many people will read down to the part about how the campaign wasn't involved?
not many they're all looking for a bankster arrest,so maybe by january the ptb will begin getting it?post nov 2th armageddon4the bis.
you aint never tell me nothing
it was on my snap i'm gonna text you later with the info
impulse-bought caramel apple components. someone send help.
once was in search of fall, or was it autumn, she 'was' in old england rather than new. what did she do?
"you've gotta take the hat off, or i'm going to write the president of the university."
sad what our universities have turned into and the graduates they are turning out!
ladies help me out, is there a brand of leggings that won't rip and isn't expensive?
the ones from american eagle dont rip for me theyre pretty thick
at a korean bbq in a back ally of shinjuku and everyone is smoking and no one speaks english, ama
how's the bbq??
people say money can't buy happiness. just watch a few episodes of undercover boss. liars.
whenever i hear that i always say i would love to give it a shot to see if that's true lo
what can i say??? i was 22
says it all
long time me nuh watch news
dwl!!! ,u don't hav to you can listen instead
i wonder if there is any marketing internships/work in the music field
check with &amp; big beat
and the leaves are falling i want to see it before it freezes over again
it's so pretty!!
lol na that's old. i wanna try something new
damn u changed son how u forget bout ur roots..gigi audate will be mad
me to those folks:
they are stressing me out for real! i've spent so much effort avoiding watching batman v superman but i need to, just to argue lol
ios 10 turning voicemail to text because some people can never remember preferred methods of communication
what they need here is a 'reply with text' option that has an auto-signature 'in lieu of calling you back' la 'sent from my iphone'
what do you prefer? sexy antonella or innocent &amp; sweet antonella??
sweet for my vote, you are always sexy to me.
...need i say more?
that shit was full blown hahaha
typical male! ha! isn't someone's bday coming up?
mine is on this coming thursday, the 22nd
hi there. it's nice to meet you too. thanks for introducing yourself in such a kind manner.
made in chicago. that's cute and i'm jealous (like seriously!) - i love chicago. i'm jen, in norcal via houston. nice to meet you!
morning loves
good morning hun
today yeah prolly not tonight tho
ah damn i was gon say me friend birthday event at a bar on 231st.
same here. i think he has been working very hard over the summer on his shot so hopefully we'll see improvement.
sounds like the jump shot improvement will make him more nash-like.
what they need here is a 'reply with text' option that has an auto-signature 'in lieu of calling you back' la 'sent from my iphone'
just playing. call your mom, guys
i put down the phone last night at about 5:30, started reading and fell asleep and i just woke up about a half...
you must have needed the sleep
check with &amp; big beat
is a great label to work with
mason though
he was freaking hilarious omg hahaha
we cant put the destiny of this nation into the hands of the npp "who are divided" &amp; are on suspension spree - kofi portuphy
we should let uou with it so you empty nadmo coffers, as anita de sso told us. robbery
apparently i live in a pokmon free zone. lol. thank you for teaching me and joining me for the giants game. so much fun!
. thanks for taking me to my first game &amp; wow what a game it was! i had so much fun.
hi there. it's nice to meet you too. thanks for introducing yourself in such a kind manner.
how was that? really dude, i meant no disrespect so now i am introducing myself! :-)
former nba high school-to-pros player darius miles is broke
i'm not surprise. is it that hard to find a good investment specialist?
don't do that to yourself. they're bugging.
i don't want to.....*cries in needs to know* but is it because he's doing frame for frame recreations or actually good? idk
movie theater with only floor seating w blankets+pillows everywhere. people cuddle while watching
replace pillows and blankets constantly
mr pres please joust comically withtrump as in is he using his rug as an irs or "your fired" your popularity will skyrocket!
funniest president ever like r reagan. use it! it suits you to a tee! you need a better pr person. many missed opportunities!
last night in indio ca. today vegas!!!! monday red rocks!!!!
they made people sit through the concert? seriously? no body dancing can't be right!
i'm not aware of a way to cobble together asil-d steering hw before that time, hard for many to ignore that
but there are some who can ignore it bc they're operating fleets with engineers driving people around
what else? to work on a windows app. :)
dm me more info?
this seems like an amazing opportunity to co-create
that's an awesome idea.
affleck was the best bruce wayne. fight me.
ya'll really in my mentions saying this and now i gotta watch it. i've avoided the movie as a batman fan.
this critical friend is impressed!!
:) inspired by our conversation that day!
adults threatened to kill children in texas for kneeling, and protesting oppression during the "national anthem" .
i will never understand this world
good day my dear isaac, now noon and 10 huge kisses
ok, thanks a lot for info and sharing, sweet teimadora. here is 11:15, so is one hour less than brazil
i enjoyed it personally and i thought batfleck did an awesome job. lol but he ain't no bale!!
the only thing i disliked about bale was his batman voice - he sounded constipated. everything else i loved.
please read and share my thoughts for the top 5 ideas for constitutional amendments!
i like to think fdr say 3 and then warmed the seat up for truman...
me: we gotta get ya to the hospital, your arm's fractured drunk native: fuck you johnny bravo
lmao my partner just squared up with some persian dude
i'm still thinking about last nights pizza boat. it was so tasty!
i just looked at the picture and i am here for it. also: i will be in chicago at the end of the month!
real talk, i legitimately spotted from 200 yards away because of his nantucket red pants.
sneak preview!
my 10 saturday picks: lou, gt, ala, neb, lsu, aub, uga, nd, okl, stan - oder of start time. what are yours?
app st, wisc, fla st, clem, uva oregon, mich, nd, sta, cal with the upset over ut - boom
it was between him or my other favorite, riddler. problem is, riddle tells on himself lmao
lmfao. i love the riddler but usually he's doing some complicated shit and ends up having to explain it to the newbs. hahaha
minus the "s"
adding the "s" just means more of a party....
do they have those in philly?
i can attest that they do not.
we value your rt about lorry's lens: new york city. it's a wonderful place to visit. thanks, grady.
thanks for the retweet, grady! visit us for good books, photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music at
y r these hillbots harassing you? they should be making a case for hillary, but there's none.
i harass them, they harass me back. they say stupid shit, i cite evidence. too busy to care!
how's the owc ssd perform?
it's great, no complaints and a solid storage upgrade. it's a bit faster than my original stock ssd also.
gotta be kidding does not say anything about ethnic cleansg of buttressed by cowardly aung
supposedly receiving "humanitarian" award is grossly underreported by daring not question us foreign policy
thank you so much to everyone who came out to see me @ barnes and noble! the answer is in bookstores...
bravo! next season how about "herk the diamond" as a villain?
-- would've been better if you woke up and saw him at a bar again. and again. and again. ad ternum.
he'll be at that bar tonight i can accomplish that
def not. turbo is 20 down/2 up
i wish they'd use industry standard terms. tall, grande, venti, trenta, big gulp, etc.
yankees listed as 'likely suitor' for mets' yoenis cespedes
well that would suck. i'd have to root against if that happened. and i don't want to
had a great day with yesterday! thank you for choosing to host such a lovely event.
we loving coming to your course every year! :)
lmao you're a fucking fool!! but yo you see how people are so quick to count you out"you can't go anywhere cause your tatts. foh!
thats some low level and closed minded thinking on her part and good shit bro proud of u
it's too expensive!!!
just buy it anywaaayy!! that's what i do with amiibo.
who is going to the brooklyn book festival gala tonight and what do i wear?
yes and you can wear whatever you like
don't care. literally anyone is better, more trustworthy, and less corrupt than hillary.
would you have voted for bernie?
probably in the middle of nowhere
it's edgewater cinemas? near mitsuwa
its an iv!!
quicker that way
catch up on all the episodes of with sharon quinn!!!
love fashion
tonight's is up. so big &amp; bold we put it on our livestream share your pics!
it looked like the mitt was going to catch that
has put forth the theory that is actively working2get trump elected 4the ratings. makes u wonder
doesn't it just follow that dump gets so much free air during primaries that electing him prez makes them $$$?
i've been thinking that we need a pediatricsx
we do!! stanford does have a childx conference but they've put it on hold for now.
instant costume change lever
access to batcave via batpole
hope to god andy &amp; jamie can take the third set 6-4
no way! hopefully not! :-)
rt : just leaving miami for houston, oklahoma and colorado. miami crowd was fantastic! -
go your stamina is amazing! have a watermellon-or white corn w/porterhouse steak
dirty deeds done dirt cheap by ac/dc (with lyrics)
that's the song she should come out to.
an unreleased psa for heat stroke/ dehydration awareness
he's no good to us dehydrated.
most interesting thing in piece on roman was how he thought rex was a buffoon and was trying to leave here in offseason
rex has had 5 oc now in last 6 seasons. he's an oc killer
some reports bubbling the frantic anti terror operation in the result of a prank/threat -
"false alarm" confirms the interior minister
dude how can you be so awesome and savage at the same time..!!!
only a jaat knows how to be both at the same time.....
good day my dear isaac, now noon and 10 huge kisses
baby, is there only one hours zone in brazil? the same hour in porto alegre than manaos?
i've had (almost) every . this transition has been the worst for both of us. complete nightmare.
hilariously, this is the first time it worked for michael and i
how does one buy a gopro &amp; an iphone6 with a month before i leave !!! my pays aren't that good sadly
get the go pro!!!! most important !! best adventure pictures and videos
soon just retina scan
my big prediction: lip reading blows voice out of the water. so much more useful.
&amp; need to have their own show already! i love me some but we rarely get &amp;
no , &amp; are both human beings.
super sharer - thx for hooking up us off-site participants!
that's what it's about!! educators
the 10:29am train departing wassaic was cancelled due to mechanical problems. customers can take the 12:29pm train departing wassaic.
lol just a brief two hour delay. no big
when your driver thinks he's too good for the gps
but that only cost $4?! ugh nyc!
sam bosma is up with other authors talking to kids !!
they are holding their books but 's is way huger
and do what u cripple
take yo girl n put her in my boot, lil fucker
rex has had 5 oc now in last 6 seasons. he's an oc killer
or doesnt pick good ones.
nope. mine is still preparing for shipment. confirmation email came through at 12:13. order was shortly after midnight.
did your order originally say it was suppose to come on friday?
got to my parents house my mom looks at me and says "so good to see you still have no life" so it's safe to say this is rock bottom
accept you come watch the boys at the track. that's a life yo
or just turn the tv all the way off
stop breathing
. w/ me on "the year of voting dangerously: derangement of american politics"
maureen dowd is deranged
having sex only 3 times a week, has proven to make you look 5-7 years younger.
what if it's just with yourself?!?!
compare that to the blatantly racist, sexist, misogynistic things trump says all the time.
you can use that argument to claim there's a false equivalency between bigoted rhetoric and policies that killed +1m people
let's wait til its confirmed lol don't want the women think we hating just to hate
what she do
i hope you enjoy a nice tranny tonight
nice feathers...
khloe kardashian kisses tristan thompson on snapchat:
and we care why?
democrat leaders know what's happening. must replace hillary in next 2 weeks. i predict biden or michelle obama.
oh jesus help us all.
you know when nate silver starts to urge panic: panic is upon us
nate bronze is probably shitting himself. he's on the clinton payroll for sure. we'll find his name in wikileaks.
can the panthers cover against the 49ers? 13.5 last i heard.
they can i just hate betting lines that big this early in the season if i had to pick i would take the panthers
mayer's continuum covered by . spectacular! via
why, thank you!
not really the lefts takeover of all schools have given us a dumb down population
why do these trolls never have a real picture?
calender girl from the last season of batman the animated series. paul dini at his best.
calendar girl is a good one! really wish we got to see more of her.
who are you?
lmfaoooo well played
happy belated birthday pretty girl love you so much hope you had a great day
thank you erin love you
666 is gone thanks to you
noo wtf who unfollowed
they don't float my boat.
i felt weird including the others on the last tweet, but they are completely gross.
i remember when we got dudley as a puppy and 14 yrs on he's still hanging on.
aw. what a handsome boy!!
never been. at least time square is easy to get to
i guess so.. i just have to fight people on the way to the movie theater. lol
iron dome missile defense system intercepts rocket fired from , initial reports
any idea which syrian faction fired? (hezbollah? isis?)
how much is shifting preferences vs. worsening traffic?
i think changes in crime rate probably have more to do w it... traffic isn't that much worse.
phones are ringing off the hook for ! we're monitoring our websites &amp; phone lines. people are getting through, keep trying.
i was in the process of purchasing my tickets and then the site "couldn't be reached." wth
beatsforsiya.com producers.... send those vibes. no trap shit.
great dr in midtown manhattan east check out my website
are you watching the cable news networks? reading the ny times? how much coverage did basket of deplorables get (when true)?
i'd assume any gaffe, big or small, will be broadcasted and printed in all publications during prime election season.
: french police say hostage taken at a church in the telet shopping area in the center of .
check out 's tweet:
have a good saturday texans fans! it's game day tomorrow so get ready to cheer on your houston texans
have a wonderful day beautiful and good luck tomorrow!
bet you ain't get the digits
got her snap and she put me on her snap once i know you don't got a man i follow through
i found a mirror
out shopping with bestfriend
i can't quite get putting their cause to a statewide vote and then complaining folks are actually voting on it.
and isn't money pouring in from individuals outside the state?
the emoji versions of lip reading are going to be incredible
can't wait to see which one you fund
i can barely walk after my first trip to the gym in 5 yrs! the stairs are now my enemy, but i will take them for coffee.
glad you're tackling the gym. maybe take some walking trails while weather is so beautiful
context matters!!!!
islam is hatred!
vinny, rocco, or tony
you got it actually is one of them
she's the divided government candidate. america likes that.
. let's call it "cognitive madisonianism". sounds more intellectual that way.
i'm coming for you..heads up, calaf.
and made him headsman for we said who's next to be decapited shall not cut off another's head....whoops wrong show!
backfire
umasa pero in the end mas nasaktan
.'s album featuring , , &amp; more is out now
yeah i hear he has a new album that actually just came out too :-)
incest should include being w someone from the same country so there can be only mixed culture pretty children -ridas morning thoughts
same nationality* not everyone in this country is the same hello
better to charge up some old batteries and sell them on the black market. that's what grandpa edison used to do.
don't think it hasn't crossed my mind
the king of waking up with ur hair on point looks like i was attacked in my sleep
still a good look for ya handsome
hey is keisha grey nice in person or is she like abella?
no, keisha was really sweet. i even ate pizza with her.
my guess is that, by yahoo putting on its home page, it sucked up a lot of "views" in its count
could be but yahoo stream avg'd 30min/viewer, so seems unlikely that was main cause
gt: tripping crutch, always looking for a squad in overwatch and call of duty, maybe destiny if i can be bothered with it again.
you've got me added? pls do: l seek3r l i'll add you also! i'm down for destiny and overwatch. :d
majority of muslims are peace loving as well :)
save the smiley face, you are a traitor to the west.
the majority of college degrees could be replaced by a certificate that says u know how to use google
i have low standards for you weirdos, but you just broke new ground. congrats on stupidity
possibly. my thinking is their next big move should be partnering with a camera company on a iphone model. maybe ?
i love my x-t1 but i feel like that partnership would asymmetrically benefit ?
dishonor is far to strong a word, esp given the comprehensiveness of the global issues he raises
it's personal dishonor, in my view - given the position he held.
got the shock of my life last night when my brother from connecticut surprised me with a visit for the weekend
two peas in a pod :)
happy friday! closer everyday!
ooh i missed all this yesterday! xxx
ye was not out out before the cudi god not at all im gunna need you to hold it down with ur backpack and god chains
right but let him tell it he birthed cudi
oh wow. we need to bring it back.
they do. i've been talking to about keeping me in the loop with it. when i hear anything i'll pass it on!
compare that to the blatantly racist, sexist, misogynistic things trump says all the time.
if anything it puzzles me how we let candidates get away w/ disastrous regime change &amp; deadly policies for an "oops sorry"
says the *canadian* who likes to "shoot people" in new york...yea, okay pal...your a hipster...wow!
love you guys! enjoy being on the wrong side of history!!!
majority of muslims are peace loving as well :)
muslims are selfishly changing the west to suit islam.
am i included in that?
who are you again?
raw show. looks like emma is going to be a raw superstar.
mistake such a big mistake by and she should be on
i always presumed she didn't bother.
oh happy days.
can't believe you didn't serve soylent for dinner :p
well, for you maybe, but for and a properly cooked home meal was in order.
there's a slim chance that i'll be in new york city for only a weekend next month
says to come on october 7th
yep both &amp;hill dirt cheap!! take don't give
descipable duo!
no off days for ballers and hustlers... get yo ass up n go get it!!
on my way to my tournament like
am i included in that?
just kidding. you're in chicago, you don't count.
oh jesus help us all.
haven't we suffered enough
so cute everytime his mother gave him the toys, he'll say thankyou
no actually one of these
so as a fan are you more intrigued by traverse city prospects tmt or by ? for me it's traverse city..key word is "intrigued"
yes, want to see buch play again. we know about everyone in world cup. this is the unknown
thanks for getting me a copy of by and i really...
love and loyalty all day long
read gain some knowledge.
give it a rest. islam is a plague upon humanity.
how many govt agencies should be investigating ? irs-taxes, fbi-foundation, cia-russian ties, ss-threatening clinton
postal service- i bet anything he committed mail fraud somewhere along the way.
guardiola has turned sterling into messi....well almost.
nope there is only 1 messi in this world
go find it.
ehh too much work
preparing the cheeks whatcha up to today
my tongue is currently on fire
i had heard about it, but i also remembered that he was based off of tdkr batman. and old batman gave no fucks
old batman would have to search for years to find a single, solitary fuck to give but then he'd throw it away.
absolutely fantastic afternoon in pitlochry.
beautiful thanks for sharing.
does this picture show the loch ness monster?
they look like 3 seals to me
andre nicky will b n the lake tahoe..snow globefest..c u there...fillmoe
hey so you should not get fucked up on drugs before you preform so you actually sound good and we enjoy your preformance
at the library with the kids, remembering how much i learned from this series growing up-
definitely read every copy they had in the st. kevin's school library.
agreed. nicole isn't liked this season by many superfans. unless u watch feeds one wouldn't understand.
that's because they watch the crappy edits cbs has given them both all summer nicorey got screwed
this tastes like pumpkin cheesecake
i might have to try that.
hanging out in tx with some of my faves!
we were there! you should have stopped by the booth
when nothing is true, everything is permitted.
so true in perspective with the 2 biggest democracies....almost at the same time
what was you wearing?? xx
this, howcome?
i arranged the new essie polishes into the blair witch symbol idk why
mom: what are you up to me: arranging nail polish into pseudo symbols of occultism and posting the pics on twitter mom: still single then
was such a big highlight for me last year. hmw we transform medical education to meet the epatient movement?
yes. i would love to help some of these new med students with pediatrics!!!
smh after what we just talked about
we might get this one in a good deal so we're gonna try to jump on it if it's good haha
i'm 51 today .... some thoughts ...
happy birthday howard!
kung fu tea on : this outlet is a booth. they only serve the drinks in one size (large), probably to make oper...
i just had that!
if we do not love our neighbor and limit govt by holding them to the supreme law. the govt will limit us.
you make good points but you're mixing scripture &amp; false equivalency's, thereby creating a delusion missing the mark
if they troll like a dt troll they must be a trump troll
i detest trump yet i also will not vote for hillary. one cannot debate w/memes
after all these years decided to follow me back welcome
heyyy bitchhhh
david frum is just another low life deplorable.
frum also gets antisemitic attacks from neo-nazis online as a "cuck."
away win &amp; a bra from a distance
oh happy days n days
yo this kid is a fucking genius writer this is way better than i was expecting look at the pacing look at the syntax
haha love how he's got "pushing" down as one of lebron's best skills - your kid understands the game, salute
hitler was just a man in a suit campaigning by blaming other people for the problems of germans. crowds loved it
i wonder how many jews were in that crowd? ?
still not over the show last night. the crowd was jnsaneeee &amp; the band fucking killedddd it.
jnsaneeee for sure
adele found all the empty bottles of alc i hid in my room from high school cuz i didnt know where to throw them out theres no going back now
is that "back to the house"
you do realize you started talking about ur ex first... that is no minding you own business
not minding your own business** whoops
round lake is a village tbh
u know, i knew someone was gonna correct me on that
now i must get back to work , don't enter the loins den
you are so frightening. lol
random: dude, i miss waffles. the odds of getting a safe-to-eat gluten-free waffle are as narrow as me getting gumbo &amp; i miss that too
dude next time you're near san francisco let me know - i know somewhere with good gf waffles.
ok. well not really sure who you are referring to as perpetrators--and of what? segregation?
lawn mowing/curry chicken cooking/daughter delivering. this will take a post-length piece in the pm.
actually don't fuck shit up in irvine be good
lmaooo dw i mean it in a good way
he's a really good batman lol.
i sweatergod, if i hate this movie i'm going to slander ya'll and complain on the internet lol
no i mean which highlight
oh, abh glow kit in gleam
oh man - one of my fave activities; wife hates it ;)
we're show hoarders. so many shows and instances of those shows we just won't watch.
dear internet, please tell me that's not a skunk on my flight.
king charles spaniel i'd reckon.
no, actually, a "david bowie themed horror experience" for halloween does not sound like a good idea
an october 30th terminal cancer diagnosis?
so baby if you want me, you've got to show me love.
that's tyler's jam
if they troll like a dt troll they must be a trump troll
and your meme leaves out that she was chastised by both state dept and fbi
when you open your fb messenger and it's just full of free intellectual labor requests.
"lisa can i pick your brain?" "lisa, should my kid ____?" "lisa, can you make a weekend itinerary for my visiting guests?"
jane goodall compares trump's debate style to chimpanzees
she's giving the chimps far too much credit
there's so much i want at spx
i've already spent ~25$ there and i am not there
hillary saying super predators 30 years ago and the conclusion is "well they're both racist what's the difference"
except that super predator comment was tied to the imprisonment and death of thousands of black men
can any of my real dc fam pinpoint the exact year 992s became the official dc wardrobe?
first time i seen them shits was like 7th grade pretty sure it was like 991s tho
president of eu council: brexit process to begin early in 2017
this can't continue. little englander petty nationalism is outmoded! we need more globalism and open borders to welcome refugees!
will you please include me &amp; my little family in your powerful prayers? we need some help through a convoluted loaded situation.
what's up courtney? sending love and positive vibes your way. hope everything straightens out.
random: dude, i miss waffles. the odds of getting a safe-to-eat gluten-free waffle are as narrow as me getting gumbo &amp; i miss that too
p.s. the entire country of belgium contains no gf waffles, and i have at least two places within half an hour.
this dude is in the audience
stein is going2 win this thing on 15m bernie voters+ her 2-4 mil,but the press will cover it all up&amp;rig digital for hrc
seriously walcott is sh**
very much so. waste
if they troll like a dt troll they must be a trump troll
state dept ig said hrc did not seek nor would she have rec'd permission for private server
when saw this photo of my dad he said "damn, your dad was gordon from halt &amp; catch fire!"
that's what i thought too.
just admit jesus ordered so many killings and raping of young virgins
deflection. the sign of a weak debate by a weak man.
every time i think about my lava lamp i want one again. do they make, like, stylish lava lamps?
this one is neat.
shouts to for that one.
it was by but shouts out to for organising the whole damn thing
yes. mainly from your neck of the woods.
i love your handle, by the way.
let me get an interview with you this week to discuss the raiders current situation
send me a message a dm and we can work that out.
speaking with confidence in work and life | the art of charm via
thanks altaf! been a fan of aoc for long?
i love it when i catch my dogs yawn
hi russell last day here wished we could have just said hello to u and ur dog:( x
rub-a-dub-dub: an $856 tub (and chinese-made bathrobe) at trump dc hotel. video by &amp;
not surprising &amp; expected from the professional con artist!
hag caiturday
wow, this is a beautiful edit of cait! hope every1 has a gr8 saturday!
if they troll like a dt troll they must be a trump troll
state dept ig pointed out that hillary lied about private server.
someone new sc me
why ur tongue so big tho
i see big things in your future man
can't thank you enough for the support
"just 5.7 percent of clinton foundation budget actually went to charitable grants"
not true. why are you lying?
anyone tried to get the most distribution?
i wish i could continue the conversation with the bot on some of these.
black don't crack: your official regina hall appreciation gallery via
even more stunning in person! i had the pleasure of meeting her for and so sweet
if we want to solve la's housing crisis, every n'hood has to do its part. wealthy n'hoods with no housing growth especially.
it is of course telling that there are actual examples of flips but all the new housing is just "planned"
it's not yet 10:30, and i've made myself a breakfast taco, bought groceries, vacuumed, and started laundry. i feel so virtuous.
i went clubbing till 3am, slept till 11 and am now in pjs watching star wars cartoons. i feel less virtuous
my tongue is currently on fire
the perpetrator
i'm so excited you're going to see the queen, you deserve it!!
thanks my love im.excited
"i never believed obama was a real american, but really, i could give a crap" | getty
more important he lied about his religion. he's a full blown muzzie. think not? then why has he surrounded himself with muslims?
exclusive: hillary clinton campaign systematically overcharging poorest donors
the headline:hrc campaign=pornographic scam-multiple unauthorized charges 2 low-income accts-
bum&gt;kershaw come playoffs
we'll see. and who knows could be the cards the way those two teams are playing
i'm creating a think tank to discover architecture, would you post your tweet also at ?
i believe i've retweeted this to post wave using my other account. kvaler10 let me know if it worked
oi oi bitchhhh
yasssssss biitch
i never viewed them as playoff team...playing meaningful sept. games made it that much more enjoyable.
same goes 4 the mets on this end as well, amazingly enough
haven't changed my mind. a bit. --&gt; if you embrace trump, you embrace every slur, insult, outrage, falsehood
thanks for telling it like it is!!
62' goal: a second for - smith's deep cross is headed in at the back post by kachunga (2-0)
embarrassing performance once again
michael b. jordan's chick in creed is so bad my gawd
have u seen this fade video? oooph. i'm hurtin bro.
yes we trolls do have picture. free college is not free and colleges are greedy machines who r overpriced bc gov
you don't have a picture. that's a cartoon. you're a troll. the underside of a bridge is calling you
if they troll like a dt troll they must be a trump troll
reasons i wont vote for hrc are that she is pro-war, pro-bank, pro-tpp, pro-death penalty
is that your actual picture? 99pct as real as mine
if you're talking to me, yes, my profile pic is of my actual face during summer time.
fitness update: expected to be named in the match day squad tomorrow as we travel to oyster bay for a 10 am kickoff
glad to be back...can't wait to be back on the pitch
when a narcissist fails at something they cannot accept this. they blame everyone around them &amp; lash out. on
is that the voice of experience steven? have we spoken before by the way?
goal! lanzini scores a pk and west ham have made it 4-2 with 25 mins left after west brom led 4-0. game on!? 4-2
west brom doing west brom things. bad clubs are bad for a reason.
obviously the joker.
i was hoping the batman fans would know joker was obvious and give me their second pick.
what are your favorite george guitar solos?
"while my guitar gently weeps " (for this country)
cults, ranked: 5. scientology 4. branch dividians 3. heaven's gate 2. charles manson 1. penn state football
who the hell listens to the rent soundtrack and thinks, "hmm wow this really relates to joe paterno"?
they outpaced dillinger, that show was on fire
there wasn't a single second to breathe, was honestly unreal
notclear yet if there was one and was resolved or one was just feared.
probably better in that case to say "some reports suggest" or "suspected" hostage situation
in akron, ohio, stumps for clinton.
the digital rigging is at hand.anarchists rule now!!!...............
rilee keenan and cassie kemper appreciation tweet because i miss you both so much, i love you both always.
love and miss you both sm
my latest &gt;&gt;&gt; why trump's rage fever returned after weeks of semi-discipline via
-rage is trump's natural state. thought goes out the window, when a person is flooded constantly with the emotion of rage.
you look at huma and say "baby you'll always be an 11 to me. now rub my feet."
hillary has the stamina of a camel with huma at her side, she doesn't need to drink any water.
.: "we should be very grateful that the age of obama is finally over."
i certainly hope so. america needs to heal after the reign of the most divisive president in history.
old batman got a pocket full of them hoes and he stingy af with them fucks. if you dying and need one he wont give it
refuse! he's lowkey a hoarder, he might need it for later and doesn't want to use them all up. lol
thank you fro retweeting my post. you have interesting site.
thank you indeed. seems we r in a bit of a challenge these days.need 2 save r precious nation.yrs ago met a ashe grt athlete
see me idc about friends i run with the same click they more like sisters now youu can't say the same. but don't start with me
iont need to say the same. lol watch who you call your "sister" chy, you should know better.
ten different kinds of wine for just $6. wine tasting in virginia.
go visit finger lakes if you love reislings. my wife and i go there every summer. heaven of a place
so what are the other two months for? did i do it wrong? do i try to get faster now? (i don't have a time goal, just wanted to finish).
yeah you'll get faster. it's also about building up endurance at a slower speed so you don't get injured running it faster
must've been all the full moon energy. i find it's been a rough couple of days/nights. hope you &amp; baby get maybe a nap today.
oh man it definitely was rough i hope i can squeeze a nap haha
.: "donald trump got here by being donald trump."
yup. he is who he is.
i love it when i catch my dogs yawn
if u near w40th between 8-9, distrikt hotel hk area comes at hello, u can't blame a couple of guys for asking x
ignoring time is as dangerous as wasting it. watch last night's online &amp; on demand:
angela talking to whiterose and tearing up
only in the universe where the first lady is single handedly responsible for setting up the prison industrial complex
no one is claiming she's singlehandedly responsible. straw man argument. just that it had a disastrous impact. it did.
live on : hooking
did the guy hit you or something?
yea but doesn't the different opinions make twitter what it is? lol
being yelled at by men because i think drake is a culture mocking bitch is different
bravery = 's amazing pants
true story he has amazing courage. love a stylish person!!
why did the camera still proceed? why give him what he wants without question?
media: "mr trump insists we wear this wool over our eyes. refusing could be seen as bias!"
i do feel bad for him. as a fellow chubby guy, i think the yankees should have let him keep his facial hair.
i feel badly that the a's just released him and the facial hair thing didn't occur to me until well, now - so that's kinda sad.
ur a dumb ugly white bitch who flashes her vagina a... - ugly. kys hailey
my sister is a stupid bitch
yea but doesn't the different opinions make twitter what it is? lol
we can sit together, flame meek, flame joe budden and whoever else, but when its drake, oh no how could you
my phone ships from in november. any way to optimize this or am i the only one who didn't stay up all night?
you're sure it's not just the jet black color you ordered? that's a key constraint
generally no; 1a violation. but could for treason, sedition, other law violation. twitter could ban him, as a corporation.
a court recently ordered man to stay off twitter, so legal in special cases:
"patients r the vips" ht
hiiii from the patients in the first row!!
your arm looks trippy from that angle haha looks way too big for the rest of your body xd
lmao yeah i knew it looked off but i didn't wanna take another
i'm sick of saying 'the left' too, it's wack. it doesn't position decolonization as necessary or a priority imho
"the left" and another binary
glad changed the highlight bumps for premiere league matches- the just white logo was hard to pick up, white/purple really pops
now if they can only find a way to take us from this crummy man city blow out to something interesting.
any dubs in for where's everyone watching the game?
kezar pub on stanyan/carl. usually opens at 6 am on finals day. for those with kids is probably a better option
i'll bring the butt plugs
ohhh this just got interesting. do they vibrate?
getting all swole from workin' all day neh!
seriously bruh
photo: internet notices vehicle in hillary's motorcade that says a lot
start digging up old motorcade photos!
i do feel bad for him. as a fellow chubby guy, i think the yankees should have let him keep his facial hair.
granted he wasn't exactly helping the team but they could have waited until the season ended. but hey, he found at least a
sounds lovely enjoy your day sunshine
you do the same love
i do feel bad for him. as a fellow chubby guy, i think the yankees should have let him keep his facial hair.
a temporary home!
free press is vital anywhere, whether in us or rwanda. journalists aren't killed in the us.
before jumping to conclusions about , we never use dogs to kill our people.
. weird. eerily similar to what clinton's campaign did to traveling press on sunday. the gall !
false equivalency but it's working for your side, so why not keep it up?
i've got one. looks and feels really good, but raws are slow to process in lightroom... play with some raw files before u buy!
good tip i will check some out. the camera seems like a lot of fun to shoot with. i liked it when i looked at it at
oh well i didn't read this full convo lol i was just saw the opinions tweet
like i think kendrick lamar is the best to ever do it but i dont force that opinion onto people
i'm puzzled why cbs gave up on it so soon. they need the younger audience, you would think.
not sure. it's incredibly well written. great characters. well executed. at least it's now where it should always have been!
w state and local enforcement.
have a nice saturday. bye!
i had the weirdest dream
i walk in to fuji getting fucked by a hot college teacher that was supposed to fuck me he's even hella snake in dreams. can't trust a
i taught her everything she knows
i believe you, but don't bring them scams this way girl
so this week, i'm teaching unflattening for the 1st time in my class - anyone w advice to share?
while i use pieces of it all the time related to various subjects - this is a 1st reading uf for itself, at suggestion of my colleagues...
still don't cared about/have any sympathy for celebs who mismanage their money or don't pay their taxes
exactly as we have to struggle with 2 dollars and make ends meet.
shit output is good every night.
i'm still dying from last night i don't wanna talk about it
shhh... no tears. only now
she is just pissed that he didn't take the bait to continue that dialog and didn't apologize! hahaha
when does bernie begin to accept his share of responsibility for this ongoing election fiasco and challenge hillary's ongoing illegitimacy?
he won't. he may have been scared into submission. unless he's been an aipac covert zionist the whole time.
murray, nobody gives a shit about what you media excrement thinks.
let's restrict that 2"nobody" in the circles you travel in.there's a much larger world out there.
what? not question?
all of them
massive dirt bike presence on this morning at 1:30am
. in the future please 911 to report reckless driving we have plans in place to address this issue.
lol i wasn't being condescending i just couldn't think of a better one
i wasn't being condescending either - you chill out. you don't have a second pick, great. :)
more insultingly stupid propaganda for israel in the 'new york times'
tell i most assuredly as an american want nothing of israel's supposed shared values, odious behaviors
not sure this article was meant to be complimentary.
they all come out"positive"&amp; as of yesterdays reports you guys have labeled your selves not responsible for his odoriferous largess
bum&gt;kershaw come playoffs
also depends if bum is available. may b playing 4 division against &amp; could pull out all stops
is it factual that college grads are underemployed
you win. you're right. enjoy your day.
english too but no one says it's weird when they listen to one direction or other groups
forreal, i think some people are just built that way where they need to know what the words mean to enjoy a song
sad i missed this! are you going to continue it?
i'm sure i will, eventually. sadly it was rather buggy and even crashed on me.
english too but no one says it's weird when they listen to one direction or other groups
but we are the few chosen~
leverage for week 2 went up yesterday on :
why dont you have vjax as a cash consideration if you like the spot?
. it's a problem when you/any1 uses "donation" to talk abt "political contribution" in the same paragraph as charitable donations
. pls call money going to politicians "political contribution" - "personal/permissible" vs. wrongly from fdn.
"election update: democrats should panic ... if the polls still look like this in a week" by nate silver -
we can do better than this calling out 2
make them rage quit before the game starts
oh shit didn't realize there was no score. lol
exactly. you won't hear then complain they are afraid for their careers!
"you know clinton security stopped us following when she was ill, let's do his informercial"
hey so you should not get fucked up on drugs before you preform so you actually sound good and we enjoy your preformance
i love you dude but in willits you sounded too fucked up. i wanna jam out to andre at sg so plz take it seriously
when people refuse to actually be neighborly but walk around like conquerers, yeah.
stephanie, don't you know that only bossy men hiding behind computer screens can have it both ways????
can't wait to see my fam today
we can't wait to see you too!! love you so much!!
"tombstone (1993)" they played this movie in the bar i was just in. i need to watch it now!
i borrowed that movie from a coworker at macy's and never gave it back
have an amazing time in new york and seeing the queen
thanks
some people**
v true, thanks ma
anyone experiencing a ton of erroneous touch events on display ads in ios 10 safari? can't scroll articles without launching video ads.
your subconscious just really wants to watch some ads
does anyone remember that korean comic where the dude had to get a prostate exam and sharted all over the doctor
i cant believe this is a real tweet that i read with my own two eyes
just remember to wash your hands before you touch anything.
found that out once
yeah you sucked
*bows to the king*
need me about 10 grey goose x red bull's for the bros bday tonight.
its not my birthday bro but where we celebrating?
you aint got the heart for that
so true. so true.
watching old sovietwomble cs videos makes me want to get a gaming pc again :(
i've been thinking about a gaming pc. especially now halo is on pc in some form.
trump campaign manager doesn't seem to understand that 2004 came after 2003
is a lying bigot- she worked for nom &amp; t cruz- both very anti c.cuomo on always lets her lie
yeah, that's what we did in 3/5 urban expressways. better than nothing, but not good.
yes but nothing is what we've had in nyc since..what, '56? caro discusses this a bit, most extensively wrt to lie
you're middle aged when you can choose between: 1. glenlivet 2. apple cider frm the himalayan foothills 3. lavender tea ... and u take 3
replace 1 with lagavulin and will take that anytime
this is what happens when i ask mr g to take a photo of me with my mum &amp; dad!!!
ha,ha,good one
oh well i didn't read this full convo lol i was just saw the opinions tweet
we make fun of drake for being a fraud, then i get a yes, but from someone i dont even know
i'd watch it and then proceed to give some obtuse critique of it for the new york times which is where i work in alternate life
your alternate life is an alternate of my alternate life
damn that woulda been a play
until 4pm it's.not too late
honestly he deserved it i was laying in my misery peacefully
you deserve some dick too.
so twitch won't let me have a emote for our charity stream because it is offensive but they allow this?
is this true?
i'm so obnoxious i feel bad for anybody that has to talk to me for more then an hour
don't say that
but most recent polls show millennials most likely to shift from clinton to 3d party candidate when given option
i'm not arguing for enthusiasm - but for sanity prevailing. in the end, every stein voter will be in "precious flower" demo.
reading through prisoner of azkaban has truly confirmed that i think remus lupin is the best.
yeeeeeesssss. how far are you?
. pls call money going to politicians "political contribution" - "personal/permissible" vs. wrongly from fdn.
. this topic is much bigger bec dt has used funds from others donated into a fdn for a personal bribery. it makes his fdn a scam.
have u read it nhi
no. i dont think i ever want to.
me: i'm pretty easygoing, not much fazes me also me:
that one is timeless
and this subsequent interaction tells you everything. facile know-nothing-ism.
when tweets start with "actually" and "well" you know there's some epic mansplaining coming
delivering my weekly keynote address at nan's saturday action rally this morning.
you stupid bobblehead
what is the most ridiculous conspiracy theory?
it's got to be
xenophobes, sexists, misogynists 2/2
the scary part is that that is the truth about a large percentage of his followers. i literally cannot grasp that mentality
join our annual tatonka challenge - our buffalo chicken wing eating competition!
heart attack cloud. count me in!
i was at a concert last night and kept thinking of you.
aw i miss u sm
what a shame..
im kinkshaming
having bondi speak at convention
florida ag asked trump for donation before nixing fraud case
it's alway's great hearing from you.peace queen!!
have a great weekend sir
in flight back to la home sweet home
safe and pleasant trip, beautiful
read their data policy. the entire business is built on collecting as much info as possible about you. not gonna happen.
i read it too. but with enough customer feedback, companies can change and adopt. i want to hear it from them.
giveaway- 1 copy of - must leave comment below on what your fav "xbox one gaming moment" has been- winner picked tmrw
gotta say getting an ace on siege but it was great because i caught the last guy with just 2 health and a pistol.
unfortunately our country has gone soft. boys have been feminized
i feel sorry for your kids
which book have you recommended the most?
the great santini
. this topic is much bigger bec dt has used funds from others donated into a fdn for a personal bribery. it makes his fdn a scam.
. clarity in wording brings out the scam a lot better.
i'm extremely upset i spent 2 yrs playing ur game &amp; it kept closing so i deleted &amp; reinstalled it &amp; now everything is gone
hmmm a priority?
sigh. sorry. i don't have the buying power to afford real estate on a moral high ground.
as a cisgender male, i'll let you purchase some of mine with a 10% discount, because we are friends
woody allen's manhattan (1979) accompanied by ny philharmonic. tonight 8pm, lincoln ctr nyc
we're seeing 2001 with the sf symphony next month. we'll compare notes.
but doesn't polling show the strongest support for stein among younger voters? eg:
that's just tail end of bernie disappointment. only real stein voters are the lifestyle choice "progressive" older white folks.
trump says he can create millions of new jobs by cutting taxes for the wealthy. you know, like bush did.
and like ks gov brownback &amp; la gov jindal did but not like ca gov brown did not. which state has sound economy?
gotta say getting an ace on siege but it was great because i caught the last guy with just 2 health and a pistol.
and it was for the game it was tied in overtime.
okay, now that i wasted 5 minutes watching gifs for ...
they were damn good though lol
he wanted to put an end to several days of birther stuff from hillary by pretending to believe it for several years. ok
trump put pressure on obama to finally clear the doubt for american voters, obama owes trump both an apology and gratitude
i'm tired of women willingly being side bitches then wanting to expose the relationship, girl u knew. shutup. play ya part.
this is an awful tweet lol
so yesterday i had to talk to some of my boys about misogyny and how they need to chill the fuck out with some of the shit they say/do.
their take seemed to be, "why are these women so mad!? not all men *insert random bs niggas do*...etc."
once tried to text my friend that i was thinking of breaking up with my boyfriend...guess who i texted instead
sent my son a naughty text meant for my wife once. luckily he pretended not to understand the emojis.
i honestly don't think i can wait a whole week for
honestly im so excited!!!!!
huge congrats to on her first career goal with stanford!!
thank yvette!
this was a terrible oversight on our part
all good! we won't let it happen it again--will send you our remaining schedule for fall conferences.
lmao unfortunately for me there werent any options
where do the playaz eat after the skrip club?
i want to visit but im poor af we should video chat sometime!
hahaha ok i'll download skype just for u
question when u started videography did it start as a unpaid internship ? &amp; if u did get paid how much did you charge ?
always got paid. never interned. prices varied.
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
a total lie from the world's biggest liar
technically it's cjss final show with leather leone is how i understand it. october 8 sat.
my fault can't wait to see vid pumped for you bro could be awesome
. clarity in wording brings out the scam a lot better.
. in talking abt the lack of donations, say the bottomline answer 1st, then explain. the other way loses audience.
really poorly written
i really just like music for the music part, and if i can understand the lyrics and they're good, it's a plus, hahaha
ask the people of new jersey new york thousands of contractors small business owners women girls father's mom's.
the truth is that when u hire a job man to do a job, &amp; he/she decides to shortchange the master, there will be no pay
he's literally laughing at all of us. look at the quote he tweeted from an article about him cc
astonishingly underreported: father of the birther movement is a republican named andy martin
your worst nightmare will soon be realized.
yo blair witch last night was frkn awesome and sick as shit girl. you killed it.
he lives in a 40-square-foot crawl space in brooklyn. and he pays $450 a month.
my rent is much more but, i have more space.
i love this guy more than anything i've ever loved in this world. i always wanna see him smiling, that's all
awww he is like that i wish same go meet n do share pics girl
well andy? would you?
omg first and then andy this would make my month!!!
fun night
amishly thank you
we need to act on this!
describes obama perfectly
we are at a singlet party. there will be wrestling. san francisco.
welcome to the bay.
lakestreet dive makes horrible, borderline racist material that somehow gets labeled as "jazz" and disrespects jazz at the same time.
lakeside what? i gotta check that out
getting a little "google-y" for my morning run in mountain view . . ...
are you in the bay now? let's catch up!
thanks for the , 3rdthought! we have goodies! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" now at
thanks for the , friends! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down:
's victor tells us he never would have put nicole and corey on the block:
you still have fixed your mistake...victor &amp; paul were nominated by corey not nicole.
for all the talk about suicide squad being so bad, it's over $300 million and continuing to do well later in its run.
unfortunately the financial success of a film in 2016 has almost nothing to do with the film being good or bad
yeah. last game i went to i had no idea who most of the players were.
it's pretty easy once it's become normal to you! like knowing who is in the minors is key.
this girl looked me in my eyes, told me she didn't have a gag reflex and smiled.
you fell in love on the spot?
yup, and im guessing they would've taken beasley in 15 if he fell one more spot
i'd like a bobby wagner type if they are trying to emulate seattle. reeves-maybin or davis would work there
why nobody mentioned 50 cent in the top 10?
i agree with everybody besides pac and 3stacks but 50 is over lil wayne
we're seeing 2001 with the sf symphony next month. we'll compare notes.
sadly i'm not attending, just sharing.
yeaaaa way too pretty
right??! i'm just like...this does not match her description at all lol
no, they went lower lol
i saw this. this is bad.
what is the prettiest word you know? doesn't matter what language.
&lt;(ono)&gt; you broke my brain... eros, maybe... greek for (romantic) love...?? i don't know!!
happy birthday ! no longer a teenage dream!
thank you! *existential crisis about being old kicks in*
your worst nightmare will soon be realized.
it sucked your character died towards then end when she tried to climb up that tall ass tree to get the drone
. in talking abt the lack of donations, say the bottomline answer 1st, then explain. the other way loses audience.
thank you for the great work in investigative journalism. so so needed in this election.
ask the people of new jersey new york thousands of contractors small business owners women girls father's mom's.
even scriptures admonished us to "work to show urself approved". a man was hired &amp; he supplied inferior products &amp; expect pay
unarmed dude in japan fought off a bear attack. ur a wimp!
now that's a real man.
your baseball article on yahoo sucks. lack on understanding for a view many feel.
your understanding of satire needs some development. but thanks for writing.
their take seemed to be, "why are these women so mad!? not all men *insert random bs niggas do*...etc."
to which i had to explain how many girls must wake up to unwanted dick pics in their dm's or a coworker hitting on them all fucking day.
we need to act on this!
congress wont act, why???
awesome. planning on getting some dvds of her. any ones you recommend?
i really have no idea. i've never watched any of her scenes before. lol
look at the people supporting mugabe in new york.
they lack wisdom
making my way to for day 2 of ! see y'all there!
omg!!! is this real? i don't have a pug, but may i play with them
thanks lover
forgot to add his
fuck it's hard to find floppy disks new these days. finally found and ordered 2x 10-packs.
when i last went looking for them, last decade, there was only one company left making them. amazing they're still going.
lowkey? he kept his fucks away from the batfamily highkey saving them for a contingency plan
!!!!! he's always got a plan.
10%!? omg, you must be a philanthropist sent from heaven!!!!! this whole thread is awesome
i'm like hella anti-capitalist and such so i really believe in spreading the wealth yunno?
i think it was a very good move by the fsa. they made sure they are no cheap us anti-isis tool but have an own syrian agenda
important for fsa, ypg to, in time, deconflict -- but not good for us to show up unannounced/unplanned.
every morning tbh..one of the most played in my library
bruh! i wear it out as well.
the cats come home tonight
big win ... keep focused cats!
yeah. last game i went to i had no idea who most of the players were.
spring training trips are also key, every so often fall ball is a needed trip 2! although i believe that spring training trips are
how did they cross you?
being dumb fucks standing in the middle of a narrow passageway having a conversation
in the first bundesliga game lahm scores, in the second one kimmich scores in the third one rafinha. next week its neuer
you mean julian greeeen give my boyyy a chance
ask the people of new jersey new york thousands of contractors small business owners women girls father's mom's.
but the person u are supporting have destroyed nations and millions of lives. 1 million pple died in rwanda alone
buckys5thquarter.com &gt;&gt; paul chryst's influence showing early for wisconsin in 2016
needs to lobby for some red helmet, all white helmet and or red pant looks this season.
look at this! i'm so excited! tickets are on sale now! go get 'em!!!
top of my bucket list! opening night tix! how can i make that happen?
having a lazy weekend on ? watch &amp; learn more about this courageous group in
have you ever seen a white helmet? or do you only service helmets of colour?
takin' schweeet pics of the gun show haha i am calm bruh :p get back to workin. tweetin' on the job like a rebel. shameful :p
stfu lmfao. dude it's slow as fuck right now. the boss isn't even here so it don't bother me none
it's just plain wrong for anyone to be in this country illegally. i'm not a racist or a bigot for believing that. i'm an american dammit.
you're a maggot. kill yourself.
your baseball article on yahoo sucks. lack on understanding for a view many feel.
also, it's not on yahoo. work on your tweets.
someone fund this immediately. or give me your dollars so i can fund it.
i would subscribe to that, that would be hilarious.
i'll take a bottle and pop it when i see you
yas queen i'll have the glasses ready!
fired up! attended my 1st meeting last night. getting involved with the group n new orleans &amp; statewide.
you make me smile. bless nola always!
trump even says america isn't great. so should he leave too?
no, we must stay and *work together* to make it better.
yee, inst it it like 4 years at uni or sum ish?
i'm doing trade school so i'll be done with school in like 2 years, catch me at stanford hospital ;)
their goal, like that of original nazis 2manipulate ppl &amp;instill in them bias &amp; hate agnst israel,
they're creating bias, hate here in
astonishingly underreported: father of the birther movement is a republican named andy martin
birtherism began with this andy martin press release, posted to the free republic site in 2004
cats actors "the wrong box."
oh god i love that film!
it's ok me 2 like my forehead on braille mode
i'm ugly too y'all
ask the people of new jersey new york thousands of contractors small business owners women girls father's mom's.
do u know that less than 15% of the 7 billion haiti fund was actually used in haiti? the rest entered cronies pockets?
i'll be there with cash for the jukebox, well before kickoff probably
see y'all there
game 8 at carolina 13.5 49ers
this week's picks giants carolina dallas pittsburgh kansas city chargers (upset special)
the dembow song in the new toyota camry commercial takes me by surprise every time
i thought i was the only one
yes it's a dream to use! images are great too, just takes ages to load full qual preview in lr... must be xtrans &amp; raw engine.
are they cr2 files or something else?
not going out till september!! can't be tired like this every weekend
yeah september ?
yeah. last game i went to i had no idea who most of the players were.
absolutely an essential part of living a healthy life! (but i'm also a little crazy and not a doctor so ... yeah. lol!)
the first 'thursday night football' game of the season produced weak ratings
i'm finished with nfl
hard to do worse loser talk
lol the fact that mark r let him say that is crazy to me.
can't wait for the growth mindset phase to die like the thousands of other ed. phases
i don't think it's a 'phase' so much as a way of approaching how you see your ss &amp; their abilities
this is so true. i would call the remark irresponsible, but it was intentional and calculated. his base loved it.
also becomes another distraction regarding birther news. the news media cannot let up.
wearing it that way seems like more effort than just wearing if
it's a lifestyle ok?!
to which i had to explain how many girls must wake up to unwanted dick pics in their dm's or a coworker hitting on them all fucking day.
how girls will not wanna talk to a dude and be followed home or attacked verbally/physically and how they gotta deal with that shit daily.
omg that picture but we missed you so much
i just love you so much. you don't miss me tn
sadly i'm not attending, just sharing.
we bought the "season" of cinematic sf symphony pairings: 2001, on the waterfront, raiders of the lost ark &amp; casablanca.
apple's ios 10 update brings some cool new features to the table, like delightfully diverse new emoji options.
thanks , that's an awesome update!
tell me why at every party i go to i attract a group of freshmen and become basically a nighttime orientation leader
this isn't a complaint just an observation i kinda love it actually
imo, one of the thing we don't talk about enough is the thinking behind why schools pay those vendors.
that... piece of writing is... something.
write your representative demand action! find them on google!
u obviously dont live in ca. our reps are all democrats &amp; liberals, they love obama
shame that i'm working and missing this match, it seems awesome
it wasn't on fox sports. only available on fox soccer 2 go.
i enjoy this novelty of riding the subway on weekends but never actually leaving the station
the "transit" part of public transit is overrated
yassss can't wait
i think i have bud in my closet.... but then i found bud in my bag so idk if that's the same bud that's in my closet haha
both of y'all ladies needed ur fones fixed thank god, this week was a good one for u both
lol atleast one of us got service thoe i'm still here using the god of wifi
donald trump looks at women and decides how their looks rate on a scale of one to 10.
you if course would be a zero
a lot of people tweeting that 1,600 homeless folks in bangkok figure. but bangkok has a lot of housing that would be illegal here.
i'm not just talking density, i'm talking life and safety. and it points to the fact that we face tough choices here.
check out the melbourne shuffle if your tryna get beast at raving. i tried learning for a year in high school but gave up :p
i'll check it when i get the moves i'm practicing now down.
ask the people of new jersey new york thousands of contractors small business owners women girls father's mom's.
there was no justification to invade libya. un res 1940 &amp; 42 called 4 r2p, hillary &amp; blumenthal was bent on killing ghadaffi
cabinet knobs literally cause the straightener to get ripped out of my fucking hand fucking bullshit
so damn true ugh the struggle
true and i am mostly a giants fan.
exactly, which is why you're like "who?!?" but when it's been the norm for a good decade or so it gets easier! lol! the key rule
this is not a drill---&gt; still leaking 2 pacific: do not panic - you will all die - cesium 137
what can anyone do ? probably not much... iodine ? and how much to take daily or weekly ? we need info
which one are you? rt (savage) like (chill)
i don't know which one to go with i'm so conflicted
it's fall i'm going to the nyabf to fucking torture myself and most likely (100% definitely) day drink w
anyone who goes to the nyabf is a masochist
i think they just fine - there was a wink in his delivery - his base knows he hasn't truly repudiated
was introduced by unrepentant birther at podium. so... yeah.
the small business owners donald trump never paid in full
i love how mad is at so they start to pull these articles out as revenge for friday's
i love this!! david cook almost lqqks like disney character still to be named!!!
maybe "bambi' lol
yes but with corrupt spineless congress and senate it won't happen they cover each other's crimes &amp; bribes
yes, my point exactly, our govt. is officially corrupt
lmfao i don't know billy i don't record myself so i can know if i snore. but according to my ex i do.
well he know so ya def do but there clothes line pine for that lmao
y'all really slept on me
i fuck with the all black but with the orange u can prob get a paint job nd still have money left over for upgrades maybe?
anyone else think and are naturals and should host a morning show! medx in the morning
coffee and !
thanks to my top interactors! via
god bless you all
lying hillary wants to ship your job to mexico!!!!
trump's clothing line is made in mexico and china - cool w you?
the hard part is so few want to work together
that's true. everyone just wants to judge and condemn. trump is campaigning based on fear. i can't get into that
"we strive to deliver the best products at the lowest cost, so we are increasing our product's cost"
i used when i was a freelancer.
... and then this somehow happened
eternal sunshine'd that pos from my memory
awesome people ( ) everywhere!
finally getting some of those pictures i asked for.
"i'm trying tap that"
lol you reaching he said music wise he's trynna top that
be prepared for people to say "hank always starts slow" when sweden gets blown out.
if he starts slow in the world cup does that preclude starting slow for the rangers and is that allowed?
yep because zack snyder knows how to craft a batman fight scene better than nolan ever could
can't argue with that. i'll definitely watch bvs this weekend. :d
naw i'm omw prolly like ten minutes away. you there?
yeah i just got here hurry up lol i'm bouta send you my number
all my friends are at pismo right now kinda regret not going but then again i'd rather be making this money
they have yet to get some sleep
morning
who took this tho
how girls will not wanna talk to a dude and be followed home or attacked verbally/physically and how they gotta deal with that shit daily.
that shit gotta get stressful asf &amp; i know too may girls personally who gotta move different because the threat of a random man is so real.
i just got sad because i realized mega man can't give two thumbs up. so, i guess 35 is going really well so far.
only because he hasn't defeated the fonz-man yet
i have to say hush. that had some good twists
hush was pretty amazing.
hell, mark probably feels the same way
looool that's what's sad.
jus workin. it's pissing rain up here. fall is officially beginning
fun fun..man i'm looking forward to hooking up with people tomorrow.. this is a fun filled weekend.. for me anyways..lol
ask the people of new jersey new york thousands of contractors small business owners women girls father's mom's.
when makes mistakes, people's feelings get hurt but when hillary does, millions of lives get wasted.
"medx in the morning" has a nice ring to it... i'd avidly watch w/ my morning dose of caffeine
right?! like i can here he jingle already.
the only poll that really matters.
i'd go with fitness corey unless travel corey means beach corey.
true and i am mostly a giants fan.
of thumb is to buy the jerseys of guys who have retired #'s or those whove sadly passed away. i have rollie fingers &amp; the eck
these cheaters got instant karma for being total jerks
from the looks of it, she likely got pregnant.
this ferret is in my yard right now
omgeeee he's probably lost take it give it a home
"medx in the morning" has a nice ring to it... i'd avidly watch w/ my morning dose of caffeine
also we have to meet today! on my list of goals
lol you reaching he said music wise he's trynna top that
i really wasn't trying to reach lol, but got you
if we let them! tell them to act or you will campaign for their replacement! i hear mc donald's is hiring!
tell them what? not to let things slide because they're being paid off? do u live in ca?
yo are you geeked about this?
still waiting for the brunch affordability bill where unlimited mimosas can cost less than a day's wages
missed social tools summit boston? check out this summary via
sorry i missed it
i'd sell gasol and gilchrist and replace with a new pf and put hassan at c
i like that!
like i laugh at you when you ask me to wear a cycling unitard?
a wise man once said (will smith) - i make this look good..
. watch party at troy today! fans? you're at malta.
are you going to be showing the world cup of hockey games today?
dude fucken same shit let's link up tonight
i'm heading out to la tonight for some family thing man but soon bro hit up a club or something
is there an argument against october being the best month of the year?
only if you're a casual
hi i rearranged my room
you have a roof room i hate u its so cute
lmao get your shit together babe
deadddd assssss
i like bell pepper ,carrot and green apple
bell pepper? that i've never tried but will do. it's getting cooler so looking forward to some nice soup recipes w/ nutribullet
more bond lair than religious place of worship vibe. either way, the stone church in helsinki is very cool
sermons are forrrevvvahhh
an ahmadi lives and dies with this message: "mercy for mankind"
lashings. forced dominance, and crucifixions are not acts of mercy. they are acts of barbarity.
if obama were white, this wouldn't be an issue. you are a racist and a disgrace.
15 year old joey was lit
season opener
do ya thing
good morning world! what's happening in your life today? ()
omg i woke up in a good mood wtf is happening... i don't trust it... =(-_-)=
it's better to be overly cheery in a tweet or a github issue than to be toxic, even when reporting a bug.
aye, you also don't know when they're feeling overwhelmed, we're handling a very large amount of issue comments atm
and her cat
i. love. you.
true and i am mostly a giants fan.
my next two jerseys are for two of my all-time favorite players &amp; people - hendu and bob welch. them (&amp; tony phillips) all being
if i play the mini tourny tmrw, do i het to see ?? im beginning to worry that she's moved on from me
she already left me also !!!
i want to be a guest on the show!
duh! you'd be a regular contributor.
kasich, gop gov. is willing to sell out our jobs to help obama pass the tpp trade deal. it makes me physically ill.
kasich's political future ended when he sat across from bho, nodding his head in agreement &amp; support of tpp kasich is a maggot
remember them ? still have these suits and still fit :3
miss these two!
his grip still secure, bashar al-assad smiles as syria burns
assad is why we need constitutional democracy everywhere and why we do not need a dictator in the us.
my morning routine is done
are you growing out your hair now?
(my most recent discovery was mike patton's tomahawk (eponymous) -- any music that also makes me laugh gets extra points)
yeah tomahawk is a lot of fun.
it's better to be overly cheery in a tweet or a github issue than to be toxic, even when reporting a bug.
handling all this takes a lot of emotional energy, and a lot of issue interactions only take that away
best of luck to and today
good luck to you too ladies!
no.....adding fat/oil to anything is only going to raise insulin (and shut off lipolysis) i don't recommend it!
by how much and for how long?
san diego! duncan hunter replied to me within 24 hours of writing him! i like his response
how did he defend this crap? was it a generic response, or a letter from him? it doesnt work with reps in northern ca.
poppet it's oh yes - we're the away team, hence second, winning 2-0!
wow your tweet = pure happiness
watch sing "all i ask of you" in french-language paris premiere
aaah loves!! cheers!
live on : pdx "patriot" march. # bundyranch
lol jericho. joshua widely considered to be the least historically correct stories in the bible. good luck with that.
all these people getting sa to sign w/his fave olicity vows &amp; now i'm dying to see the script page for the fake wedding scene.
think would release it if we asked really nicely?
that shit gotta get stressful asf &amp; i know too may girls personally who gotta move different because the threat of a random man is so real.
hopefully i got through to them &amp; helped them empathize with the issues men be causing for girls. i don't wanna see my homies be the problem
aw et tu, bro? i mean too much spice is trash but that popeye's be hitting!
i'll take your word for it. gotta try that one day then.
(last years was sweet! i cannot imagine how they will top it. but, they always do!!)
i think we've managed to top it this year! so excited to see it all come to life! see ya there!
anyone know whether design is "making things pretty" or not? i keep forgetting if it's making things pretty or not making things pretty
should designers learn how to make things pretty? (pt 1/12)
haven't been up the leaning tower of pisa? worry not it's here in grand venezia mall in greater noida
india stays one up...... jaise casino hote waise to hamne mall banaliye.....
check out the link in the previous tweet, it should be more understandable then! :)
my thanks.
the way you smile gives me butterflies.
awww, you're in love.
usually a ton of people out on the canal trail and boating on the weekends. i love it right at dawn.
some of those houses and yards along the canal are huge!i was surprised more people weren't out there drinking coffee or whatever
yes i'm totally down for this!
already got ya - was referring him to you. :d
how might we embrace and include even more new epatients next year?
epatient alumni encouraged to nominate the next generation of epatients
i'll throw on my datadiva crown to offer up data numbers. school is full of gorgeous qualitative data.
and the numbers aren't bad just people. people are bad.
oh nah the one where the car disappears and then that scary girl jumps out screaming loud af
lmao oh! i hate those videos, thats why i always hesitate to watch videos on here!
you're right, i spoke off first watch
he just so zoned . hard to understand him
oh nah this nigga wildin
this is sooo funny "i'll murder you my nigga"
me either! but it seems the norm now.
the world's gone completely insane.
new: featuring a daily blog w/ videos shop for prints + clickable project links.
why do people hate on sponsored content. smh you should start hating on their 9-5 office job.
no sir heard of it though
man listen that series goes in my top 5 favorite anime/manga of all time.
the struggle is real hahaha
hinde talaga meant to be
this makes me so sad. the cruelty that is out there is unbelievable.
this breaks my heart...
guess who's getting their hair did today?
can't wait to see it
random street beef. dude just saw someone he ain't like n shot in the crowd. my boy got hit. was all over the news
thats some fucked up shit
could we reveres-design a folding pattern for origami that warms up muscles for surgeons for particular surgeries? wow.
that is a great idea. so many implications.
thank you , we loved your blog! hope you can visit sometime again, it's been three years since then! have a wonderful weekend
can hardly wait!!!
going to italy and im not even gonna think about donny t. while im there. that'll show him.
that's cool, enjoy, but when you get back pls go to the nearest hrc campaign office and help phonebank. time to get to work.
what about victoria
give me a time window. 7?
lol jericho. joshua widely considered to be the least historically correct stories in the bible. good luck with that.
even if true can you imagine? "for god was so angry about cattle grazing fees..."
prepping for is tough but our bike shop partner has eased the stress! get registered!
we have plenty of cannondale bike rentals available if need be! let us know how we can help ~
these were the best costumes ever
i know i've never been able to follow with anything as cool as disney day that year
can you imagine if churches bought and forgave medical debt?
student loan debt...
my next two jerseys are for two of my all-time favorite players &amp; people - hendu and bob welch. them (&amp; tony phillips) all being
gone - it makes me teary to think about. i only met philips once but he was nice, hendu i adored (he let me wear his 89 ring thru
he'll no!!!
damn that would of been fun
congratulations to joanna fang and the sound team on cartel land
update: my friend joanna fang is the first openly transgender woman to win a primetime emmy! it's been confirmed and is super dope.
made my mom sleep w me bc i watch a doc. on sleep paralysis.. and it scared the shit outta me
imagine waking up not able to move or speak, paralyzed.. all you have is your consciousness. and you see a huge dark spirit in a corner
the last gig of this run, &amp; of the year..!? amazing journey started in nov 2014! it's been a pleasure...
wish i were there. still thinking back to common people set. big up guys!
poppet it's oh yes - we're the away team, hence second, winning 2-0!
ahhh woohooo i'm still only 12 minutes awake! what action!
can you ever discuss anything but trump? there are real issues out here.
no, she cant. her campaign scheme is to trash &amp; demonize djt daily &amp; make low-information voter forget her lies
hopefully i got through to them &amp; helped them empathize with the issues men be causing for girls. i don't wanna see my homies be the problem
imma try to be more vocal to the men around me about it. i'm not gonna change every mind, but the conversation needs to start amongst us.
this article highlights how unaware democrats, especially clinton-ites, are of how bad it remains for many people.
it simply isn't true democrats are not aware that folks are falling behind. they have policies to address this but we have repubs
she did it because she obviously cared about him. he cheated and she's wrong? for being good to him? shut up.
nah that was stupidity
shortly after rolling a few fat ones, we were kindly asked to get our fucking asses off the fucking train!!!
are those rillos?
dinner table question last night: what's the most out-there conspiracy theory you believe?
wow!!! hopefully you had a cocktail or two after this week for that question ...
she didn't have pneumonia. she had a seizure.
she is not fit to be president.
this is the clue tape that came out right after 9/11 with live jay z acapella intro from blueprint lounge tour
dope - i remember "i dropped the same day as the twin towers" overshawdowing what's actually a fantastic jay verse top to bottom
obama enlists republican kasich to push for tpp trade deal that would kill our national sovereignty!
kasich has learned nothing. he's a, will get thrown out with trazh when omuslim is out
hey didn't you write about this kind of stuff way back in the 20th century?
ancient history
no pumpkin beer later in the day?
well i guess so
still waking up lol
hehe i'm decidedly up cuz i need to make a grocery, but typically i feel this
in line??? it's not even 845
yea there like 50 in front of me and like 10 after me
i feel like hp3 is underrated as a sci-fi film. the time travel element moves it firmly into the arena for me, personally.
they really go crazy with the time travel stuff in the new play
way more flavorful than mild bro, way.
i mean, the sides or some jelly cool enough for me but we gone see
dang my uber driver is rated a 4.7 but i don't wanna request someone else and then be late
ummmmm i see why he's a 4.7
oof, the new fantastical widget is no good. "in 33 mins" should not be larger than all the other text combined.
even worse in my book is that the show timeline toggle for the widget doesn't actually turn off the calendar.
doesn't care about she only cares about
she only cares about $$..
"i would build a great wall, and nobody builds walls better than me"
he has actually said things that are crimes. incite violence=felony asking for assassination=crime cc
looks like the boston marathon to me, way to go
pretty much. i can conquer the world now.
wow so it's either i go to university studios next week or i see dance gavin dance help im stuxk
university studios
wait yeah good question - why is trump seeing a gastroenterologist for 35 years?!
thank you joy for pressing shawn on his lies...and reminding him that we have video and google...facts matter!
was our best ol week one. lol.
ehhhh maybe. you also told me kelly was better than are though.
aside from controlla also play this song at my funeral
i want this playlist as well
it's gotta be wild haha
i don't think there are such things as wild ferrets around here
my next two jerseys are for two of my all-time favorite players &amp; people - hendu and bob welch. them (&amp; tony phillips) all being
an entire dinner once - best day ever!) &amp; bob was awesome to talk to - we met him one yr in az &amp; he always remembered my mom &amp; me
nothing like being called a cunt racist sexist. thanks interwebs!
yup shouldnt have accepted
i don't understand how any real jew could support an antisemite. smh
couldn't agree w/ u more! is hateful &amp; antisemitic! after 30 yrs in politics, she accomplished scandals lies
more observations: speed humps used liberally to slow traffic, passing distances between bikes/cars/people much closer than in us...
...foot traffic yields to bikes when crossing cycle tracks, bike bells req'd equipment, delivery vehicles block lanes sometimes.
would you (please) be willing to donate a door prize to ?
sure! email us to support.com
big violation of the first amendment
wise words from our 2016 presidential candidate
was our best ol week one. lol.
i just wanna see dickerson is all.
it also has a regular intro movie instead of devil michael jordan
all i'm hearing from you so far is that it lacks character
"team live video" by
big congrats tom, what awesome work by a brilliant team
5 reasons why everyone is suddenly putting butter in their coffee
do you have stats/info about the same process with coconut oil? i remember reading about a connection with dementia.
oh ya i just wanted 2 be included
oh my god i'm sorry i want to see you too!
love the sunglasses.
thank you
and in news from 1974...
these "daredevils" realize that some folks took a rocket to the moon and back?
i always mark this video of at no.1 my all time favourite. shared it with my dad also.
this is the best period.....
what do you think confuses kirk with zone? so many holes in zone and he has all the time in the world. i dont understand
well pit was playing soft. small windows and messed up the rhythm of the play. off schedule kirk is no bueno
this article highlights how unaware democrats, especially clinton-ites, are of how bad it remains for many people.
d's basically want to tax the rich to reduce costs for middle class to spur consumption. but who is standing in the way?
1. nonsense. 2. my vote doesn't matter (i live in dc). try again (or at least try something i haven't debunked).
hl i'd like 2c: hillary drops out - health; donald quits b/c "i only wanted to beat hillary" two real candidates emerge!
we got all the details about 's upcoming wedding!
lianne will merry lie tom .....your perfect for each other
.'s economic plan.
unless we address the debt..we are doomed
secret of birtherism exposed put a spell on causing him to act like idiot for 5 yrs
he has said things that are actionable why no suit against that fucking ?
oh please. he sent a reporter there to check at the time
mcclatchy doesn't just send someone to kenya based on a tip from blumenthal. bullshit. let's see the email/text/whatever.
san diego! duncan hunter replied to me within 24 hours of writing him! i like his response
what did he say?
my next two jerseys are for two of my all-time favorite players &amp; people - hendu and bob welch. them (&amp; tony phillips) all being
they were all way too young to pass away and all childhood heroes of mine! it was so crazy - like three years and three of 89 team
atlantic: the curse of hillary clinton's ambition
. no problem. thank u "cognitive madisonianism"&amp; divided government.
future neckbeard attire
i have never been so quietly hostile towards anyone in my life as i was towards his dad.
the one i'm getting in a couple years
wouldn't beat the laferrari
he would've been mad af if i put him down there
our poor baby he would t even look at you for days
let's stop calling the telegraph "proto-internet" fml what is wrong with you all
"the victorian internet" by is a great book
if hillary loses the election her concession speech should be 5 words: "you did this to yourselves." and a cackle, as she leaves for vacay.
and she would be completely justified in the cackle and the vacation but she won't lose ---
you weren't even there. bye
facts cus ya all fake !
yeah, well a lot of people thought he could be an upgrade. clearly a better tackle
better tackle yes. but are is better imo after seeing last two weeks.
it's back at the killington beast...
this looks fun
do any of you know any websites where i can get a cool fanny pack? asking for a friend
i got mine which is made of leather and has skulls all over it:) at pendleton it was pricy but so cute
when you see pros do it, you'll be amazed and wanna try it yourself haha i remember when i tried like 8 yrs ago.
haha sounds intense. that's why i wanna get the basics and a little advance stuff down first
why does this game want me to work so much organizing parties &amp; raising funds?! i just want to play....
invite everyone xd even the weird toeic foot ppl. lord, my game is such a trash fire.
poll: how much trust and confidence do you have in mass media?
o except for fox
do you want to hear about or policy?
we won't hear about policy because trump can't talk it. so he'll continue mindless rants and supporters will eat it up.
meltdown was a little worse than this lol
he was fed up lol
pretty goooood except for the defeat part :(
gotta work on those healing numbers. concussive mine heals, right?
happy birthday dad. you're missed every single day.
wow twin you don't change a bit
whatever mom
and take off your shoes when you come in the house!
drinking a large turkish coffee and my heart and body is fuckin shaking man. omg.
i need to drink this shit more often
pro paterno or con, to attack student opinion is wrong. they are .. penn state. their opinions matter more than any
actually the opinion of children abused at penn st matter the most. what do they think?
i don't understand how any real jew could support an antisemite. smh
educate ur self before coming in my mentions, foolio. here's a good start. then take a seat
we arguing best months on here now? smh
there's no argument, pablo. it's october
you weren't even there. bye
can't surround myself with the fakeness anymore
wow people ain't playin
i had a feeling too that's why i left early.i'm just kick back and watch all this college football i'll make some food bro
apparently it was terrifying to drive (reverse tricycle layout, steered by rear wheel).
fuller was known for his ideas, not his good ideas.
i wonder if the church is so afraid of money that we miss opportunities to build relationships
at a stewardship workshop this summer we talked about relationship and that $ is part of us so pt of relationship
clinton 2008 sr adviser sid blumenthal pushed mcclatchy so hard on birther story that they sent a reporter to kenya.
this guy always looks like the village idiot which he is
special report: this video could bring down hillary -
great vid! i hope the people pay attention and not let that bitch steal the election
some apple some not. one was an apple cable direct into the imac through an elevation dock.
i've had lots of issues with dust in lightening port, it may just be new phone, clean hole.
[screenshot of my tl] twitter is a passion network. discover what people care about!
my abs arent in hiding--they ran off looking for that churro ice cream sandwich
do you agree with ?
sadly because we allowed this by our votes..
shane i heard you're getting fired since you didn't pour that last yard
i heard u lie about going to work .. u just sit in your car in the stop n shop parking lot &amp; whack it to the oncoming traffic
ummmm. are you gonna bypass nashville?
i waved on my way over.
nice view. i'm going to call you "penthouse figz" now.
lets get it trending
9 times donald trump accused hillary of doing the terrible things he, himself, actually did:
how about what your campaign is doing now shame on you-u also did it in 2008 u steal &amp; lie
so sad to see alt-right symbolism here in brooklyn.
frog is alt write
no shit...but we have grocery stores now welcome to the 21st century
they sell dove and quail at your local vons?
totally disagree. content cop is a series for ian's opinions and leafy acted like it was an exposed video.
and he completely missed 3/4 of the points, someone tell him the bangs thing was to mock leafys hair, please.
people write that loss off but montell frustrated him into that dq.
the jabbing out of a semi crouch and then countering when rjj hit the ropes worked well throughout.
imagine waking up not able to move or speak, paralyzed.. all you have is your consciousness. and you see a huge dark spirit in a corner
that's fucking terrifying. imagine the kids that have to go though that, absolutely traumatizing. i swear id have a nervous breakdown
pancakes &amp; to start this birthday off right!!!
happy 45th!
we know you were named after bob dylan, people named dylan. we absolutely know.
unless it was dylan mckay, and even then, wait, you're right
my fuckin boy
im out chea homie. first day out the england
beautiful picture. this is what i love to see and not the sights, sounds and crap coming from mean stream media
we support djt! his followers are wonderful people ... and so are their puppies! :) !
i love how his technology is advancing and building off itself. he advanced to the bronze age not long ago, right?
yup. and he was making woven fabrics from bark fiber as well as the sling shot and bow and arrow. it's amazing
kudos to and for calling a lie a lie on front page
the headline should read: trump trades one lie for another
people ask me why i find hillary untrustworthy; i just don't know what to tell them... wait, yes i do.
hillary and donald both lie to advance their ambitions. but we only seem to prefer this in white men.
happy birthday !!!! just realized we didn't get any separate pics last night :( but have a wonderful day gorgeous!!
aww i'm sad we didn't but thank you so much!! it was so nice meeting you love i had a blast
my old hood! looks like a perfect day to be in the city!
such a beautiful day!
forsure. that lamar jackson kid is nice af
he has 13 tds in two games
ultimately, the importance is not really to his base, but undecideds bc it brings trump history of racism so upfront
agreed. though swayable few remaining likely not going to change mind over birtherism half-apology.
today was my last day at viz~ i kept myself busy that it was only until i the drive home that my eyes started to warm w/the threat of tears
noo! do what i do. punch em back in.
mlb regular season games on saturdays and sundays when football starts could not be more useless.
at least your giants have a cake walk to an nfc east title
nobody like who?you?
g that would be me and more than half of america!
hillary could stand up there and fart for an hour for all wall street cares. they're paying for influence, not speeches.
sadly true , they were bailed out by taxpayers and were allowed to keep consumer debt too...
i'm having a rough time with right now. but want to say, you have some fantastic individuals in your just. serv dept!
just got off a 1 hour call to and areta from the sales dept. was absolutely heroic, friendly &amp; understanding!
with special appearance by !
clarification, he was not part of the family of dicks*
he may just not like his humour. but it did look like he was saying that because he was pissed at him.
dont try to act like leafy wasn't/isn't subscribed to idubbbz, nigga makes that quality content
nemetical models can be complicated. very complicated ;-) simplification is always relative
how about this one? just have assemblages. as many tetras as you want.
this feels good.
how did you let your email get that out of control?!
man that attacked cop with meat clever was in ny to fight deportation back to palestine. deport him! jeez!
i have another suggestion as to what must be done with this guy... and it ain't nice!
sanders: don't vote third-party for president
paid pawn so sad..
drjillstein: call debates commission member jane harman, president of thewilsoncenter, at 202.691.4202. ask for !
i called and left a message. will you?
congratulations, , you are our :
love you babies
guess who's getting their hair did today?
going back to basics or doing it a fun color again?
did everyone watch how media insinuated trump being heavy but nobody said anything about
remember liberals say is sexist to call out a woman's weight but its alright to go after a mans especially djt
elana, this is concerning and we'd like to help. is there anything we can assist you with at this time? ^eh
carry-on didn't fit, flight attendants told me they had to check the bag but didn't give me a ticket so when i landed, it took
spotted all over at the penfield library used book sale. and my faith in humanity went down another notch.
need a follow up on the reason for the sign. what past transgressions could have happened?
what does trump need to do to lose this election?
well clarified. we just know it would be the end of civilization as we know it.
ultimately, the importance is not really to his base, but undecideds bc it brings trump history of racism so upfront
if anything, the collapsing backdrop of trump's photo op stage may likely sway more than his words
should win an emmy tomorrow?
put it this way: i've got a full-scale trebuchet and a field of pumpkins ready to become airborne if she doesn't win.
and ny ppl break their necks to move to atlanta. in fact, it's full some of y'all can go back.
we got whole sections of people moving to ny for 100s years..atlanta yall just started getting popping
funny thing is he shouldn't have been there. both toney wins were bad, bad decisions.
absolutely agree. the rematch was an awful decision
that would cost me $5 mill+ by me in the city &amp; thats for an apartment the size of a shoebox. bright side toilet isn't far from bed
5mil will get you a nice garage in sf
i don't want them to be buying back stock here, esp w potentially macro events w raising of rates, etc in future
i also think they could be an acquisition target
these were the best costumes ever
also the olympia costume department stole that skirt
happy , citizens.
where is he
he's doodie. he throws in a few phrases per verse in between his rhythmic mumbles &amp; "yeah!" adlibs lol
i was listening and i was like nah no way. this not really what we lettin rock. imma try yachty's next cuz his singles are ass
shall we play "guess the lineup" today? batting order and positions. go!
rest everyone til the 6th october
huge good luck shout to our man for tonight. it's gonna be an amazing night in a superb arena.
cannot wait for liam to pull this one off!
happy birthday lyss hope you enjoy the throwbacks, miss you
hahahah ewwww so bad ahhhh but thankyou love and miss you bby
i took screenshots of all the questions i asked &amp; its responses. blocking=censoring.
why is charlene blocked? please give us your reason? who asked you to block her?
my friend proposed to his girlfriend at her white coat ceremony. imho how dare you take that moment away from her. thoughts ?
i'd rather make a random day special than being proposed to during a special event/holiday/etc
my awesome publisher has agreed to let me take over their tweets today! follow them to see this bad career move in action!
read the book they are scared of:
max b's first nyc show is gonna be some magical shit
it's gonna b at up &amp; down and there's gonna b a riot
any link to ant so i can read up and respond?
is a short read that goes over the high points.
"only 50%" protected lanes - i'll take that deal!!
all those narrow streets in city center are one way for cars, two way for bikes. passing is tight.
"the infinite baseball game &amp; magical realism" was my favorite cap'n jazz song of his.
no joke, last night, almost tweeted a photo from field of dreams when he said he saw 2/3 of the kinsellas last night
i watched officiate a wedding between two cats last night. i've seen it all.
that's beautiful
the pentagon and anti-war progressive concur that 's cause for war with libya was a lie
president obama shares the blame..
clearly hes showing which he isn't supporting
yes a grandstanding move that proves what?just makes one look bad when other is also pathetic.
do it twitter;)
why are random porn accounts still liking this
ok! we should drink while chatting haha. i'll get the app.
yes ok i'm excited
wearing the same leggings that i wore yesterday
wearing the same tee shirts i wore yesterday. committing to the grunge.
just got off a 1 hour call to and areta from the sales dept. was absolutely heroic, friendly &amp; understanding!
she stayed on the line with me through the whole process. and if it wasn't for her my nps score rating be detractor!
i feel love me this everytime i'm with you guys
mission find t a lovergirl
if you haven't read robert gates article in today's at a minimum read this quote!
great share. thanks.
ok, hmm. good to know
isn't open source but splunk light is free and let's you ingest quite a bit of data
don't really fault atheists for not understanding what was never taught to most people. just as christ never faulted.
grammarians are used to double negatives. but you, sir, have achieved the triple negative.
this is what i told him to do!
that's great but congress knows he has committed treason but will do nothing, thats the reality of it, words do nothing
any link to ant so i can read up and respond?
let me know if you want more and i will send along some links.
i thought your focus was on hillary and trump.
hillary is dead. she will be replaced with michelle obama.
look. i fixed it and you should be proud of me.
that would give me hives.
advance happy birthday
thankyou!!
it was so great to hear your story yesterday and to meet you!
you too jenny! keep up the good work with your creativity message!! it is needed.
does any1 have a casper mattress ?? wat do y'all think
i love it and the pillow
she stayed on the line with me through the whole process. and if it wasn't for her my nps score rating be detractor!
seriously, you got to figure out a way for pre-paid (non credit check) customers to get access to international data roaming!
shame about the facial expression though, . or the face in general, i suppose, before anyone says it.
when celebrities post half-nude mirror selfies, it's a sign that they need help. intervention time?
...foot traffic yields to bikes when crossing cycle tracks, bike bells req'd equipment, delivery vehicles block lanes sometimes.
what i noticed in belgium that surprised me: sometimes bike lanes on sidewalks. calmer traffic can reduce need for specific infra
on moment while i review the modem logs. ^cd
find any reason? frustrating considering the price we pay.
take it from : this election is too important to sit out. register to vote:
good call! have 2 register again, cuz my 1st wasn't good enough 2 vote 4 .
fire and emergency services assisting with the install of a smoke detector. remember to check and change batteries.
great work guys..
i have work in fifteen minutes, i'm not out of bed yet
what should my excuse be when i'm a few minutes late
the is broken.. thats how got this far.
broken yep ask the democrats who purposefully made it harder for bernie. clinton gave her a job.
missing this handsome man like crazy right now.
i miss you too, so fucking much. didn't realize you took this pic :p
shouldn't you be shopping for artisanal bread or hemp pants or whatever people in brooklyn do?
well i just went out and bought some cold-pressed kale juice () and now i need to finish unpacking.
do you ever see pictures on time hop and you're like no no you fool don't date that person this is a bad idea
this happens to me every time
boolin in champaign
what does booling mean?
a smart man woulda skipped this game. caught up on work. saved money and watched from home. i am no smart man.
i am the attending my second game in two weeks even though my budget suggests gently that i should not kind of man.
kubrick's reply to nabokov complaint that film didn't accurately reflect book. bog off, nabakov.
*oops nabokov (probably be a letter complaining abt that too)
everyone please tell liza happy birthday today
happy birthday !!!
land shark isn't even that good of a beer
fighting words
all those narrow streets in city center are one way for cars, two way for bikes. passing is tight.
unfortunately, sidewalks often blocked by outdoor seating &amp; other stuff. not good for people in wheelchairs, using canes, walkers
42 games in the championship so you should see alot of them this season
that channel shows a lot of championship game in here. but so far they have shown more villa games
i have been writing this essay since 7am. i have only written the heading .
in mla format.
pissed asf i ain't a saggitarius anymore... i guess i'm an opiuchus ????
nah fuck that shit dude, you're definitely a sagittarius lol
.'s roomie: how many gays to fix a light me: im not gay roomie: your hair is bleached &amp; you wear a harry potter necklace me:
for the record, i'm gay af.
when i'm alone at a party vs. when i'm w/
you both are awesome sam next trip to nyc i wanna meet eve!
since 1992, 18 states + dc have voted d in every presidential election. 13 states have voted r in every one.
this are the election night projections, either way wins, america is saved at last
he almost looks resigned to what's going to happen to him. lol
he has to know the deal by now
i got you bag last christmas and you were ungrateful remember ?
u knew that wasn't even my style nor taste and i asked for plain sis
thank you. you are very kind.
the lord is gracious and full of compassion, slow to anger and great in mercy. the lord is good to all, ... psalm 145:8-9
today's if trump's supporters are a , hillary's supporters are?
love the bucket one!
1983?? fuck i am old
join the club but not old wise
in over 30 yrs has no accomplishments except avoiding prosecution &amp; scandals
eight yrs and a lot of our money to accomplish this? imagine how she'll destroy our finances as potus?
she tried blaming me too!
no i questioned you. i was concerned. puzzle
happy birthday - unknown hihi
thankyou
next sec. of state should have to take a corruption test. we are done with stealing our tax money!
the whole government is systemic corruption...sad for us..
i am from another dimension. i'm just a visitant here. (sun ra)
written in your key:
happy to report another problem (mail client is outlook on windows, macos mail shows the same)
thanks for sharing this one too, we are taking a look
lol it's so strange, both sides do it. my sis was a crazy bernie supporter &amp; believed facebook posts more than cnn
. cnn doesn't tell the whole story, and sometimes misrepresents. they are biased twd hrc
quick video i made about . rt if you like it!
wbo sahs crazy things, hillary????
bish!! your avi is everything!
thanks babe
listen to god is fair, sexy nasty (feat. kendrick lamar) by mac miller on .
the whole song but especially the end &gt;
i was wondering if you're taking commissions for nycc. i also have the tf blu-ray cover i want you to sign :)
happy to sign it! and yep, i will be taking commissions. just come to my table at the show!
uh oh, not cool! dm over your email address, dob and order number we can check it out?
i sent the requested info
since you did use humor to criticize a view many agree with.
yes. i don't agree with mr. bryant's view. and i'm not the only one.
seriously, you got to figure out a way for pre-paid (non credit check) customers to get access to international data roaming!
keep failing your postpaid validations being a british alien in the us. and stuck with an iphone 7 i can't unlock for 2 months
fighting to end and
i'm with you. let's do it!
why? because i don't believe in boys... it's been the death
because you've either damaged your kids or passed along ur delusions
they should film this for a dvd! should be a special night! @
totally agree
i never watch cnn anymore can't stomach them. they have turned into vultures. journalism is dead &amp; gone from many msm
journalism is long gone, technology has brought us many other sources we no longer need msm
when star spangled banner was made national anthem in 1931, fans celebrated under confederate flag &amp; patriots sat.
per my late granny july 4th was 4 lynching, blacks celebrated june 19 any way they could in texas
i had great fun and furthered my own grasp by searching for token bits that exemplify/illuminate what you put forward
these are great ideas - thanks, paul! and we do have to connect for real soon.
76 still learning the position...so i have a lil grace for his mistakes...think it'll pay off for him and us in the long run!!!
he seem soft tbh.
glorious nature spin !
is a thing? if not, it is now - consider this a challenge
factions in north refused to let soldiers to join their operations in ne-. seems there is no more trust?
wounds inflicted to interfaction trust are deep; triage/treatment of such mistrust must begin for true lasting syrian peace
if we go to thailand for family vaca, i will literally never complain ever again
im going in january for the full moon party
good morning everyone! have a great saturday
hi gorgeous good luck 2mr
a transactional view of relationships is dangerous, i think.
often the part that is held back has to do with family finances/income/giving
you're such a hater. shko ne diber me babin
next summer for my engagement babi found me a nuse already
how much top publishing executives earn
even when they can't see the tree in the forest:
do they cover -4 tho
yeah i think they do, they better
a lot is going on here.
imagine what it would be like. can't let this happen media plays a role. don't allow yourself to be manipulated.
bernie sanders is no longer drawing huge crowds now that he's campaigning for hillary.
it was always about the issues with bernie. ppl believed in the need for a pol revolution. hrc is not that
sounds so yummy
so good!! also we must get together!!! i have been slacking! i miss you, my love!!!
nephew's wife gave birth to their 3rd child today, named her brooklyn. apparently, my suggestion of "dodger" as a middle name didn't fly
if it were my kid - i would have been all for it! you just can't name your kid "athletics" or "blue jay" or "dback" tho arizona
we have to know that god's in charge and he's not going to let a man as evil is trump take control of our country...
yes you are right. i pray about it every day too.
what do you mean it's literally cloudy af
soooo it's perfect?
as i said, he's prob not that happy that idubbbz made a video on him.
id be honored if the content cop threw me in the "bad video brig"
tellthem you will campaign for their replacement
our votes dont count here, we're outnumbered by liberals, they love j brown, gavin newsome, nancy p
watching top tier ice hockey requires strength... hitting the weights before we hit the rink...
soo jelly that you're going to ! have a great time cheering on !! hockey's the best!
yo i ate some good ass sammies tnight so i guess u could say it was a good one
is that even english
hillary throws her wealth and status into the faces of hard working americans
everything to them is a way to take cash..
i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
what do you mean he knows nothing about you? we all know who you are and you are no martin luther king.
it's so big!!! i need to get out more enjoy your time.
it is.. it's my first flight and first time here!
look at how captured the lede on djt birther story vs. how sheldon adelson's paper printed it.
i can't imagine what will happen to the press if trump wins. everything about trump is frightening.
murder squirrels. come ride bikes with us and the murder squirrels. no one will die probably!
too bad im so far away
now that the housekeeping is done &amp;nachos in the oven it's time to work
vacuum after u eat the nachos ! lol. have a great day. miss u in la. 'oh fans! '
nephew's wife gave birth to their 3rd child today, named her brooklyn. apparently, my suggestion of "dodger" as a middle name didn't fly
might fly! lol! but congrats on the new member of your family!! :-)
origin of ' revealed a team of researchers has clarified the origin of the rings recently...
(cont) visualization of centaur chariklo and its rings and chariklo's rings
almost two-thirds of trump supporters are white and don't have college degrees
they back the guy who is the human scratch off ticket. makes sense, except the odds of him really helping them are casino like.
i have such a fucking headache
aw bbygirl
next mon (19th) &amp; ideas are hosting lecture. we'll be live-tweeting eve...
fabulous news!!
taibbi douses the prevailing liberal media critique of election coverage with gasoline and lights it on fire
fuck matt. we gave him his chance &amp; wenner &amp; his bank family "spankys"(those on the wrong elevator)won him back over.we are in hell
omg...this is the key to good interviews.
omg you're right. this is why interviews are so awful. of course.
i tried to steal them from devin i grabbed them and ran down the street but she stopped me ;(
ill get u flowers next time homie
cool...you just made a great argument for trump's business empire
thats different. u really aren't this dumb are you? his is a profit organization, the clinton foundation isn't.
a little reference sheet i wrote out for one of my friends that i felt like sharing
btw these are the rappers i recommend to newcomers to rap/hip hop
it's always best to speak up than not i sent complaints 2 senators even if it's not the response wanted
its a waste of time here, just get a generic response
cool...you just made a great argument for trump's business empire
but i already new trump supporters didn't have much upstairs.
just tryna get food but drunk guys think it's funny to keep catcalling and walking into the muslim girl to make her squeamish.
this is so disgusting, physically intimidating a woman - neanderthals! big hug to you.
why i can't support black lives matter
he is right on about black blm.
when is balance patch? game was just balanced. nobody seems broken at the moment :/
9/30. prob adjustments to wack characters
just heard the term "flirtationship" and now i know what i need.
for all your intimacy issues needs.
keep failing your postpaid validations being a british alien in the us. and stuck with an iphone 7 i can't unlock for 2 months
seriously fuming.. what do you expect me to do without data on a phone i paid in full when i head to the uk or travel!
of course!!
if i'm in town, definitely.
nice way to divert from the speaking fees
so how is speaking different than another job.
i do believe there will be chastain/ songs played.
i would think
good morning, everyone! have an awesome saturday!
you too sal! have a great day. it's gorgeous outside. enjoy marvel movie night!
omg busi missed when i became a meme
im still a meme
wow, check and mate.
this unpacking project is a good reminder to never ever move again.
the world is 'awash with cash', so why aren't we investing in infrastructure?
because stingy greedy ppl live in fear and want all the money for themselves to control the rest. duh!
what i noticed in belgium that surprised me: sometimes bike lanes on sidewalks. calmer traffic can reduce need for specific infra
i'd say i'm amsterdam the cycle tracks were more likely to be akin to the sidewalk than the street.
those blind items on mariah had me rolling. she's a hot mess and needs to get help.
the same chick who got on a treadmill or stair master with high heels. yeah, i believe all those blind items about mimi.
holy shit the cops just stopped me and gave me a ticket for public consumption of alcohol i'm never drinking mikes hard again wtf
i'm more disappointed that you were drinking mike's hard
the data $tsla collects is minimal. journos need to understand telemetry, otherwise is muskian hype $mbly $tsla
and yet fleet learning improvements to ap are tangible going back to december.
very curious myself. if it were at the beginning of the book sale, and if i had the time, it would be a story for sure.
knock down drag out fight over romance novel resulting in broken spine.
then by god get out and campaign... i do! that's how we got duncan hunter!
i work, not retired, 2 acres to take care of, we dont hire anyone to help us
yes, but some people make tesla meme's using actual quotes cited from real sources...
clearly those individuals do not include you.
the word sycophant has gone hiding for cover
vijayrupani using a clay tablet to tweet(sorry chahchahane as in chidiya ke chahchahane) this
i still cry every time
lmao i still love it
look what came in the mail yesterday! i am so looking forward to this!
very cool! got mine wednesday two days not four. going to be awesome!
why on earth isnt everyone talking about this 24/7?? this is the seriously the biggest conflict of interest ever!
they should be
i'd like to hear the clinton/trump views on crony capitalism (besides expanding it) -
like this. problem is, it avoids mention of capitalism's other probs- inequality, racism, ecological damage.
season would have to be lost to give up that package, especially picks, for two guys with injuries.
watkins is my wr4 &amp; allen is my wr5 (10 team league, julio/hopkins/arob are my other wrs) season not over yet for me
wanted to spend my bday reading &amp; writing before a nice glass of celebratory prosecco, but instead am scrubbing mold off my bathroom grout
where did it even come from?!? so sudden!
side-by-side sample of what has revealed vs.
are you kidding me????
due to trump's bigotry, i'd imagine terrorists are praying to allah for a trump presidency w/ plans to target his hotels.
all goopers care abt is his tiny hands holding a pen &amp; sign whatever they put on his desk. #
you can talk about joe girardi's really bad two nights. you could go move by move, reliving every decision ...
this should not be news. yanks are not in red sox's class. need a partial rebuild. bullpen, left field, right field, third.
pretty good.. read it and then let's watch the movie together lol
i read it!!! loved it! it was a slow read in the beginning but it was good
about to b on some bullshit and block people's numbers straight up
all i said was hi fams
except he didn't. he passed on second hand knowledge to all whom he was required. blame the ones he told who didn't investigate
remind me again if he fired him or public ally shamed him after he told the right people and no one did anything...
is hillary clinton out of ammo to use against donald trump? |
lol here is their ammo:
taylor gang fulla trash rappers. chevy woods especially
smh you so right
throwback time for new harness
very hot, man
the next potus will preside over approx $17t govt over 4 years. that's why i'm always surprised how *little* spent on politics.
money is going away under the next potus.
fleet learning is happening for over a decade by bmw last time i factchecked. realtime eobd telemetry is all over the place.
bmw has consumer level crowdsourced data flowing back to the cloud &amp; updating consumer cars? please tell me more.
will do our best!
awesome!!!! going to be a good game.
how roger ailes used "key man clauses" for his stars to protect himself-- my latest story, in the works for a while:
roger ailes made a speech at the hilton, weeks before our air date "fox will be fair &amp; balanced, wink wink," they all laughed.
wishful thinking on your part isn't a substitute for political discourse
im not having any political discourse, lol. also, michelle would be much tougher than hillary to beat. you aren't any fun.
you ever get a bad feeling about someone but you dont have actual proof so you just kinda wait for the universe to naturally out them ?
all the time! lol but i haven't been wrong about a person i felt that way about yet &amp; i'm quite proud of that
think big and get busy; it passes quickly! so go! !
this is the truth!
i'd like to hear the clinton/trump views on crony capitalism (besides expanding it) -
we need a new capitalism that avoids crony capitalism, inequality, racism, and ecological damage
civilian engineering companies build bridges and buildings. usg should have made them safe itself vs. setting req's?
man, we've been building bridges and buildings for thousands of years. code is new in many (not all) ways.
just 5.7 percent of clinton foundation budget actually went to charitable grants
also did it in 2008 u steal &amp; lie low wage donors~how can she continually do this?
we came, we saw, we got blackout drunk.
what a wild looking crew lol
would like to hear your thoughts on what the press could do to rescue itself &amp; us in the remaining weeks of the campaign.
the media should stop being one-sided in favor of trump for . media keeps giving trump a learning curve.
(but you're very welcome and i bet the talk was awesome!)
yeah, i'd love to see the talk!
that trump is a national election away from being president because of racist birther lie is a disgrace.
it's a disgrace. and it's also a disgrace that trump and his lie were covered as a legitimate story by the msm.
a little reference sheet i wrote out for one of my friends that i felt like sharing
the only west coast rappers i really listen to are ex odd future members
oh, hogwash, comrade. i, for one, welcome the gray lady's newfound menckenesque brio &amp; willingness (at last!) to say: he lied.
it's not going to change a single mind - it's preaching to the converted- will only deepen his support among loyalists
clinton's took $200,000 worth of furniture, rugs &amp; china from the white house. some items were not returned....
robbed airforce one too..
nice cool start but really warm afternoon. find some shade!
whoa, you're in this morning???? how did that work? enjoy!!!!
i have a 14yr old...i am old n wise
i have a 13&amp;8 yr old
they're getting paid well to sell out their own people....
wrong. educate yourself w facts. i dare you to give video/quote of cummings saying that
seriously fuming.. what do you expect me to do without data on a phone i paid in full when i head to the uk or travel!
so in short. get executives and please figure out a way to get non-credit check customers access to intl' data
with all due respect.
appreciate that. the point of my story was to demonstate that reality and causality are 2 diff. things. nba obv. not racist.
it's her hand. it says: "you tried it but not today satan."
madame pastor wasn't here for the shits.
now i'm home, drowning in k!
nice enjoy bro
thanks ani miss you
miss you more
they are because the data collected is suprisingly minimal. no one wants to do the research $tsla $mbly
minimal perhaps, but sufficient for tangible improvements to ap going back 9+ months.
it's interesting that people still seem to think that challenging work *requires* the absence of these things.
i think they've just never seen a job that presents chewy tech problems in a supportive environment.
none of the options are great since their api overhaul.
agreed! i used to love but when i tried the free trial i was all
he has? who?
can you really be that uninformed? do a search, i'm not doing yr homework
i guess you didn't need them. that's a heck of a cast.
ha! it sure is. you need to come!
why has been very very good for one part of the news biz:
what price to pay for those profits? america may find out soon. obviously need a refresher after bush fiasco.
donald really knows how to treat the kids you can't make this stuff up!!!
donald has whole family cucked w/$.
here's the 18birdies team out at the city tour championship on no.18
panoramic view for the city tour championship
is it possible this entire second half was just a ploy to permanently get rid of batting practice?
or a ploy to get gearrin to cut his hair!
then by god get out and campaign... i do! that's how we got duncan hunter!
you must have alot of conservative friends? mostly libs here, conservatives hide, we would be arrested
did this happen today? i'm not worried about the fortitude of new jersey residents, as "jersey strong" is more than an expression.
yes ,around 9:30
liberalism fails every time.
who is the governor of michigan who poisoned thousands of people? get a clue
today was honestly the most stressful morning of my life
correction: it was the most stressful day of my life
president obama will be on anthony bourdain's parts unknown next week - via
parts unknown has long since given up on being a food show, and is now just another celebrity driven show.
niggas ain't really care that much about boosie but max b really gonna be in the mix as soon as he get out cause french is prime time
and ye and wiz gonna be in his dick
hitler was just a man in a suit campaigning by blaming other people for the problems of germans. crowds loved it
this is trump's america, we will never let it happen
this is so painfully accurate. i love sf, but damn we're ignoring some huge and foundational problems.
great article. don't think we are ignoring ($241 million spent in 2015), just don't think we have good answers.
jose reyes has played 47 games. triple that and his numbers for the year. he'd have 30 2b, 9 3b, 21 hr, 24 sb and 105 runs in 141 games.
i thought he was washed up
thanks! i agree! i think it's a great thing to do and it's worked out really well for me :)
good job, on a similar front, you might not know of our attempts at these problems:
i wouldn't be mad if u guys wanted to tweet me photos of ur dogs
her name is phoebe :)) &lt;3
ask me whatever you want! make it interesting guys
what is the best way to ask for a girls number? like without coming out as creepy or too demanding
deadly shark attack caught on camera
lolololol you're the black lab
i'm jealous of ghana right now....
we have a president who reads cartoons first and laugh out loud instead of reading the economist.
did this happen today? i'm not worried about the fortitude of new jersey residents, as "jersey strong" is more than an expression.
its trending
michelle obama's flawless response on how her husband shut down birthers # va
she's a star!
that's my plan. live here 50 years and make sort out the mess when i'm gone.
brilliant plan! hardly a reason to clean up after yourself in the interim years.
so in short. get executives and please figure out a way to get non-credit check customers access to intl' data
i'm willing to throw money at a roaming data add-on / bundle on pre-paid carriers do in the uk!
hey young gregg! beertime bruv!
couple more hrs for me
shit you're in the same town as adele!!!!
ikr i'm shitting myself. seriously
they are because the data collected is suprisingly minimal. no one wants to do the research $tsla $mbly
research? 7000+ miles on ap, 300+ using latest consumer mb adas/l2. tell me where to look.
what are you even tweeting today
tony was tweeting while i was driving
there was a shelter in place order for a potential west sider spotting
i meant this morning...
ion fake flirt, so wassup ?
like you don't got my number
a huge, heartfelt thanks to all the fans and reviewers who have wrote so many wonderful things lately... permasmile here!!!
awesome show and love how it keeps you holding your breath. also wanting more
i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
your disrespect of the military is dangerious
i know, they make no sense and shows how uninformed they are. her and her camp are falling apart.
kathy, you could spend all day taking apart her tweets. her social media team is inept and obviously desperate.
and the emojis mad ugly like bye wat is this samsung
tbh true that nerf gun is annoying but u get used to the emojis
does raid ant and roach killer also work on spiders? i'm guessing yes
if not then try a shoe
trying out trip tips on foursquare - if you have good ideas of places i should go in washington dc click here:
dropped a few in, but if you've never met you should if he's in town / y'all find time.
huma's mother is a promoter of sharia law &amp; stated usa had 911 coming to it. keep hillary clinton out.
so is huma..she was the editor..
so stockholm is awesome/gorgeous and yep, repping my boys all over the city
awesome picture!
i walked 10 feet past the end of the line for cabs, hailed and landed one as it approached the curb. why wait on a line?
see? that's also how it's done. :-)
thank you so much richard!
least i can do. showed some samples to my students and there were completed riveted. will be a big part of my classes
so,the hillary campaign volunteer who was fired who forwarded the email that obama wasn't born here, is all a lie?
did hillary forward it or use it? are you this dense?
donald trump's campaign looks stronger than ever
so did the nazis. but hitler wound up in a bunker all by himself with his revolver.
man, i need to get to my pile. i have a bunch of mignolaverse and image titles from last month.
i either don't buy comics or spend a hundred bucks in one trip
trump hints at a clinton assassination, says her bodyguards should disarm
nonononononono, thats not what he said. he was talking about a 2nd amendment issue &amp; argued that everyone should disarm then
"it's not over yet", said
gloomy!! great run with the dog.
just 5.7 percent of clinton foundation budget actually went to charitable grants via
such a shame y'all don't know how to tell the truth. how's daddy's painting eric?
but there are some who can ignore it bc they're operating fleets with engineers driving people around
fleets = how many cars? how many miles of data? where is the product?
thanks for being on - always fun!!
excellent show today. great job!!!!
i don't think fox employees care much about "salient facts"....
it is a challenge for them
it's the phone equivalent of hearing the fans spin up loudly whenever your mac's cpu gets used to its actual potential.
bets on not upgrading and holding out if this turns out to be a thing?
now that still-unnamed, terrified driver has been cleared of alleged "pedal confusion," where his details?
what is the name of the driver in this dangling out of control ?
great screen shot of you. way to crowbar a holocaust joke and priest kiddie fucking joke into the picks. i predict you go 1-2
thanks pal wouldn't be the first time :-)
it's ! a day for a character that's been a link to creativity since i was 9 and now my office theme.
give me now.....can i work for you....you wont have to pay me based of the fact that you have a batman workspace. honestly
great article on how bikes and cars are accommodated in amsterdam. if you care about cities, read this ht:
when i was in ams 5 yrs ago i spent 1/2 trip in minivan with coworkers, 1/2 on bike. both worked fine. suspect parking was $$$
bruh this us
bruuuh that's so tru
i'm always the friend that gets the "i need to talk to you about how i've been feeling about our friendship lately..." texts.
i'm always getting friendship broken up with lmao
cannot click to accept terms on this small android phone impossible to sign family member up
sorry about that, we'll look into it.
so far this weekend i have cried so hard for so long i still have the after-cry headache 24 hours later, lost work due to my jacked up mac,
accidentally did more work on my cousins google docs (she's in tx at a funeral so i'm not even try hit her up), dropped my favorite cardigan
$200. is what hillary is paying anyone who'll attend her rally.
she has to pay people $200 to attend and even then they don't come.
a seemingly nice gent told me off because i said he was moving too fast, going on a dating site doesn't mean you're thirsty &amp; desparate
girl they don't get it
thursday night was truly special. thank you, everyone, for making it one to remember.
congrats on a great career!!! you will be missed!!
lmao he really got good. gotta be wiz best friend or something cuz he sucks
def his bestie
espn is no stranger to a scandal. what stephen a. smith said got him in deep trouble!
he stands alone ...
he literally got my number from my sprint account.
how much y'all wanna bet he's gonna hit me with a "come thru" text @ booty call hours.
'be vigilant': dhs issues new warning on election security
he is part of the problem...
they're getting paid well to sell out their own people....
wrong. educate yourself w facts. i dare you to give video/quote where cummings said that
is that the voice of experience steven? have we spoken before by the way?
the line rang true. we haven't but i've greatly enjoyed your podcast on my am walks for past few months!
he has? who?
obama's administration is dominated by the muslim brotherhood
better road tracking thru gps and some steering data sure. the amount of data they imply is impossible
impossible perhaps, but maybe unnecessary for goal. even a fraction seems to have gotten them further then the oems
pizza night monday? i work all weekend
i work monday
so sad to see alt-right symbolism here in brooklyn.
. how did white supremacists come to embrace a green frog?
well perhaps maher himself is partially responsible for this kind of trash talk? ;-)
he's a pothead comedian and not running for office.
cool! looks similar to
it does - nice, i'm glad people are thinking about this, so many great ideas to learn from
campaign with a sign... walk in font of their office for an hour or two
i dont live in san fran, thats 50 miles away and not a safe city 2 walk around, all libs. again, i work
i'll choose to struggle but my daughter will always be straight
at long as she has you as her mother she will always be straight, you're doing an amazing job with princess
who mans is this?
i can go there anytime lol what should i get if i go there?
well we are wise, we have survived
yeah cause never thought i see this
pep seems to have any and every team he manages in top form. hate the team, respect the coach. i repeat, i hate the team!
it's going to be a looooong season.
accidentally did more work on my cousins google docs (she's in tx at a funeral so i'm not even try hit her up), dropped my favorite cardigan
walking to the c stop, missed the train because my metrocard was somehow "just used", and searched the house for an hour and a half for my
well go together one day
for my 21st in the summer
all media has bias.but when they report facts like 2 faced trump policy, cant deny it
hrcs policies also two-faced: switched on iraq war, tpp, $15 wage, keystone pipeline
in the safe spaces on campus, no jews allowed
for u'r next ask me anything, if not already done: is "jewish athiest" an inconsistent phrase? loved spiritualty /s rel, btw.
but agree there are some great points/insights in there. wouldn't be an alex piece if there weren't
hey, being right often requires being wrong!
well we are wise, we have survived
day in my twentys
very over this
they're taking this more serious than a baby name
remember, at the center of almost every corporate scandal (ex wf, vw) were a bunch of guys who deliberately made a choice.
somewhere at wells fargo hq, a group of mostly white men met in a conference room on a tuesday and ran numbers on ignoring wanting fraud.
so excited for you. glad you got there safely.
thanks love
.: hillary's dishonest, deplorable strategy to shame and suppress trump supporters
we wish she had shame..that would make her human..
. again raises specter of violence against
how does america- (any more than 10%) support this kind of bullshit.. wake up. this is dangerous
walking to the c stop, missed the train because my metrocard was somehow "just used", and searched the house for an hour and a half for my
keys that were in my bag.
now if only hotz would start talking to me again i might be able to get this list of questions answered
send me the list.
i don't! i could try to do a makeup look for it though.
oh that'd be so great! i'm trying to do one for homecoming, maybe aphrodite or athena?
maths this morning . . . me - can anyone tell me what symmetry is? lauren (eagerly) - it's a place you put dead people
well that's correct, bilaterally
singing the grease soundtrack and sad adele songs in the kitchen at the top of my lungs are the reasons no one will ever love me
can attest to this
i wanna open an r&amp;b themed donut joint called "this is how we donut". first donut idea is the r. jelly. help me out here.
the boston c.r.e.a.m
i like this, but worry that it may be too language intensive for some ss. i'll try it w/my 7th grade. thanks!
i usually paraphrase heavily - i haven't ever actually given out this handout. i'll see if i can find my version.
i'm so happy with the toy taxidermy i made at today!!!!!! ...
it's beautiful!
remember, at the center of almost every corporate scandal (ex wf, vw) were a bunch of guys who deliberately made a choice.
somewhere at wells fargo hq, a group of mostly white men met in a conference room on a tuesday and ran numbers on ignoring wanton fraud.
just did the most amazing thing ever. check it out!
i might be doing it wrong but i didn't get a download. signed up for the list...
'her condescending dismissal .... is what is deplorable'
please trump his campaign and message is deplorable and if you are in it for it then you wear his brand so stop whining
so in short. get executives and please figure out a way to get non-credit check customers access to intl' data
i'm willing to throw money at a roaming data add-on / bundle like pre-paid carriers do in the uk!
she's gonna self destruct and all her little supporters know it so they are getting angry!
in powells words 'her minions'
wrong. educate yourself w facts. i dare you to give video/quote where cummings said that
what cummings said at 2016 dnc was dems fought for voting rights &amp; civil rights. duh!
why not replace girardi with pedrique?
absurd. girardi is doing a great job with this mediocre group. many yankee fans are delusional.
"it'll be because we're a nation of idiots, who vote the same way we choose channels: without thinking."
oh that's good matt. can we do anything about it? like pigeon hole bis for these un educated freaks voting4 trump?
trying to get out of bed, not succeeding
i think i did it. stream soon
what kind of chicken?
please don't keep this going
. on : hooking good stuff buddy
hey benji see what happens now when you try and be a tunnel bunny lmao
but his money lol.. he can do what he wants..
apparently so can trump :)
i wanna open an r&amp;b themed donut joint called "this is how we donut". first donut idea is the r. jelly. help me out here.
pb&amp;i don't think you're ready for this jelly
21 gilmartin in : stunning modern new construction. more info:
excellent home tour video.. good job.
if you truly love me make these for me
omg yessss you got it baby
that just means tomorrow morning is going to be brutal
yo when you're right, you're right tunech
good morning. have a wonderful day!
thank you, have a wonderful day your also.
chk this link it started w obamas literary agent &amp; why he didn't correct them early on?
you're a fool. the pity is you don't know it.
the only constant in my life is the daily embarrassment i experience after watching the ivy league snapchat story
who lives who dies who tells your story ?
how to know you're aging: you've been getting up around dawn, you joined a ceramics studio, your back hurts after wheel throwing
aging well, i says
nice reminder as we obsess over candidates' health
of course, he did die in office...and this is not-so-inspiring
did this happen today? i'm not worried about the fortitude of new jersey residents, as "jersey strong" is more than an expression.
i have attended race in past
so who else is done with droids? third one for me, same bs on updates.
glad my got water damaged at the right time - future google pixel user.
happy ! come and get our new special half issue at table n28 today and tomorrow! issue 4.5...
got mine yesterday!! and missed both you and somehow!
i'll come back for just a buy in
but for which tournament?
point me in the direction of her comics. i'm interested now lol
you should watch the batman animated series, that's actually were she originated from.
dropped a few in, but if you've never met you should if he's in town / y'all find time.
in ny til 9/26, but i rec roses luxury, compass rose, kyirisan, nazca mochica, montmantre or nora for dinner
i understand just don't forget... you are not alone! tweet your voice!
i have been since the 1st primary debate
in ny, white collar folks like the yankees, giants, and rangers. blue collar folks like the mets, jets, and american military aggression
i come from a mixed family - giants, mets, vote for who you like better.
so proud of 's work - italy pledges 10m eur to today on top of increase in june. congrats &amp; thanks!
well done ! !
the signing has begun. &amp; is ready to meet you!
ahhh this is so cool, wish it was happening closer to me!
7. the "platform for the alt right" movement "celebrated the media getting 'trick[ed]"
maybe it's a good sign? he'll flee the debates?
but wonder woman was fun.
she's the only part that keeps tempting me to see this movie. i barely made it through mos.
i would rather photoshop it anywhere else.
minecon or bust
incredible lede from ap
maybe he was being sarcastic?
go noles!
they gonna lose
this is my first time here. what metrics are you looking for, and how are they measured for other conferences?
as recovering hospital exec, i appreciate traditional metrics. also challenge us to look at cultural impact
what i have learned and know about the greg roman firing....and what you think about it. right now on
missed it! where can i listen to it?
would be interesting to compare handlebar widths there vs here. mtn bikes are stupid-wide, for no sensible reason. 1/
city bike handlebars are not narrow. not as wide as beach cruisers, but significantly wider than road bike bars.
no one is here for puppy playtime yet i still want death
i wanna come to puppy playtime
lifetime movies are always the best
i can sit and watch them all day long!
you are joking right..... have you looked at syria and lybia and she can't even manage an email. i'll take you as humorous
it is the worlds fault. not ours. she is clearly the best choice.
tempted by santa cruz, but too far away from sf, where half of meetings are. we'll probably stick with oakland.
eh. why wouldn't you hq in sf?
mmmm i wonder if i can jiggle my finances like oliver and caroline - i've seen a nice place in la manga
think before you rearrange oliver's portfolio...
uhhh what the fuck
thank god you live in this country bud
my journey with bronchiectasis, mci, and osteoarthritis: learning to cope with changes
i started a similar journey about 20 yrs ago.mine has made me realize, i am stronger than i thought. god be with you on your trip
somewhere at wells fargo hq, a group of mostly white men met in a conference room on a tuesday and ran numbers on ignoring wanton fraud.
they considered alternatives, weighed options and then decided to put in place a system designed to defraud customers &amp; investors for money.
the entrepreneur, the fbi and the informant: a story of trump's brush with the underworld
yeah and when his partners were killed in fluke (??) copter crash. his response " i made a lot of $ became richer man today"
if this optometrist tells me to just spend less time with a screen or books i'm going to laugh at them
"well what the fuck else am i gonna use my eyes for?"
may god curse the gm engineer who decided this was the optimal place to out the usb socket
just a heads up: usb cables come in other colors
when britney dropped the album name/cover make me flew up the charts, perfect illusion did the total opposite
both are gonna flop so it doesn't matter
i will trade shoes for help moving.
ugh, what can't you live here cause i would do that in a second
also, this is exposing her own 08 campaign's attempts to cast doubts on obama's "origins".
loyalists can't hear you
awesome collection!!
thanks my brother
of course bill murray would be bartending in brooklyn the weekend i leave ny
i feel ya. i'm in albany missing everything :-/
lots of social problems stem from poverty. the number one cause of poverty is not having enough money. solution: give poor people money.
oh you, with your use of quaint notions... like logic, or reason, or empathy
clinton is more dangerous. at least w trump we won't be supporting obama ii &amp; new leftist judges.
amen! scotus is a big focus here. more kagans &amp; sotomayors.
blumenthal was chief advisor in a shadow state dept, much as clinton fdn web would form a shadow white house.
piggybank for president obama but he will never get a dime from miser hillary..his mistake to trust her...
that's further out there than "bush did 9/11"?
no, but conspiracy theories i believe
how is it on console? pc controls are kinda weird
i'd fucking shoot myself if i had to use a mouse with this
he meant season lost for the other owner.. 1 dude out for season and the other questionable for the year
ah okay i see. i mean his other te is gronkowski so losing reed doesn't necessarily kill his team or anything
*scrolls down, looks for it.... yep, no arrests were made*
"driver" doesn't appear until penultimate sentence, like she just happened to be there \_()_/
jimmy fallon has no moral obligation to do anything. he's an entertainer.
he can say no but the ratings were more appealing.
good luck 2 them as a mom i kindoff had enough of "we will save your baby and if you dont buy it ur a bad mom" things
less mom shaming for sure.
no podnah's pit? i've heard that was pretty good?
podnah's is good but matt's is great
i have enough fucking rage to share. who wants some rage?
united don't lose till tomorrow
a ground stop is in place at due to weather / low ceilings
is currently experiencing delays averaging 41 mins due to weather / low ceilings
it just took a few hours to be emailed to me.
ah great thanks!
fleets = how many cars? how many miles of data? where is the product?
my point exactly. minimal cars, minimal miles, minimal learning. minimal liability.
i'm now officially retired ... signed nda, handed in key, card, devices ... on to new adventures, like learning italian!
congrats , stay in touch, enjoy life, .
less than $250 from $31k 9 days left all or nothing!
that's awesome chris!!
they considered alternatives, weighed options and then decided to put in place a system designed to defraud customers &amp; investors for money.
the people who run companies like this aren't stupid. the wf (and vw, etc) execs who do these things know exactly what they're doing.
instead of apologizing when wrong they'll stop talking to you ... shit take it to grave then, i'm good
these ppl are a blessing
seeing oliver stone's snowden today. nobody spoil it for me!!!!!!!
i won't spoil, but can we talk about it after? i saw it ln and have no one to share thoughts with
i'm sure it was. cars are so uniquely useful that i don't think eliminating them is desirable, but cutting their use by 70% is.
i used uber to get back to airport. left 7am on friday. traffic heavy, but moving smoothly.
hey in honour of 'batman day'
can i be your alfred?
fuck yes, i'm banging them in gregg!
awesome you enjoy those
not once did they question whether she was really bi or whether she was just doing it for attention????? wtf is her problem
i think she's most troubled by the "straighter end of the kinsey scale vs lez bro" section
die-hard bernie supporters are pushing the hillary "body-double" conspiracy theory to fan concerns about her health.
somebody tell alex jones that the black helicopters are coming for him. think those are really birds outside your window, alex?
hillary clinton is a proven liar. she doesn't care about the deplorable she only cares about the rich people like herself
who's the liar? wake up. montage on trump disagrees with himself on every issue.trump exposes trump
...so the journalistic disaster would've been not hearing trump supporters on tv. pro trump guests do sometimes critique trump
idk seems like giving ppl money &amp; pointing a tv camera at them for supporting trump doesnt lead to good results
people who find neymar skills disrespectful should switch to playing hide-and-seek or something like that.... you're into the wrong sport
exactly lol i guess ronaldinho used his skills so much more with us but never got this hate
if energy remains constant, how do you explain there being no space before the universe started? break 1st law?
you've gone way past amusing to tiresome. cite sources, publish research or gtfo, lazy fool
fresno california
its tough being conservative in ca. libs have no common sense
tracey's mom is making me m&amp;m cookies
she loves me more than trace i think
i also love meeting new people and them asking me if it's okay for them to call me apes or apey. like fuck yeah
that happens often?
i didn't download it yet. i actually got a text from some random 4 digits like your phone isn't safe to do it
lol that cant be good.
what trump just did is a disgrace.
timeless and concise. i see what you did there
where is it most noticeable? not sure if it's worth an upgrade, i think probably not at the moment. slowness gone would be nice
i really notice 60fps everywhere. that's the biggest change i see so far.
it's a just a dumb fucking popularity contest really.
it's = life
i've been wondering the same thing. mind boggling...
they are honoring joes' players/student athletes from the first time they played temple.
how great has are politicians done? how many trillions in dollars in debt are we? we have nothing to lose:)
will he claim bankrupt and everything will be better. trump has zero experience and will not show his taxes
the confs that i'm getting recommended are largely: - very expensive - very homogenous speakers -speakers aren't paid :((
rust belt rust in pittsburgh is looking very promising, not quite the intersection tho
sesame street has sketches that are still funny in my late twenties. the top two are "here fishy fishy!" and grover explaining near vs. far.
the yip yips are by far the best.
i have a theory that you like really dont neeeeed sleep.
update i crashed, apparently you do need sleep
the people who run companies like this aren't stupid. the wf (and vw, etc) execs who do these things know exactly what they're doing.
and yet, the only people who face consequences, again &amp; again, are $11/hr underlings, the public, and often the state.
if you're a fan of please support her by purchasing her music on
thank you so much for sharing!!!
you may also be interested in:
i am, thanks!
took louisville at +3 &amp; colorado at +20.5, and ohio state -1. 6-0 thus far on the season.
due for 2 losses today
put today in rice &amp; start over in a few hours or tomorrow.
i caaaant *kam voice* i gotta do all the work back by three. hopefully it takes me less so i can get my mind straight.
it would be like if donald trump were a guest judge on top chef and people freaked out because he was only asked about food.
cmon trump loves mcdonalds he'd leave and start his own version of top chef where you make variations of big macs on gold plate
good morning san francisco! our mission bay location will be close today, but you can come see us at mint plaza from 9 to 3pm
is your mint plaza location accepting postmate orders???
more for 'batman day'
that under armour pic is sheer dickstraction.
traditional coworking spaces in sf do not work for an actual sales team. this is awesome!
you end up bothering all the other tenants that want a quiet atmosphere for coding, writing and design. not meant for 4+ people on phones.
hillary clinton is a proven liar. she doesn't care about the deplorable she only cares about the rich people like herself
hillary only cares about the rich people like herself. how many millionaires spoke at the rnc convention?
don't know about germany. no one flies from us to britain for medical care.
interestingly, a lot of americans are starting to go to mexico for dental care.
further proof dude doesn't read...
isn't that headline quoting verbal kint's comment about the devil from "usual suspects"?
you had drove past me driving off from kevs
lml should of beeped
our quaid,our leader n founder, you shud live long to see your adversaries burn in their eternal hatred fire.jiay altaf,jiay mqm.
from sahb it became bhai again - uturn politics are done by all parties including mqm
retiring nypd commissioner bill bratton takes place with america's legendary lawmen via
only with the assholes of america.
idk seems like giving ppl money &amp; pointing a tv camera at them for supporting trump doesnt lead to good results
trump supporters i've talked to irl seem far more reasonable than people hired to be professional tv supporters
i don't buy that anthony davis suffered a concussion during practice. there's no contact in practice. players don't even wear pads.
me neither. hope whatever is going on works out - i'm glad they're all keeping it internal and hope he plays for us again.
i'm so easy i'd take a $500+ buy in just to be your poker wife again
sorry is my poker wife you where my poker mistress lol
if not, hope to see you next year! we'll keep you waitlisters posted if things open up!
i'll be sure to follow on twitter. it would be awesome if there was a live streaming option for some of the conference!
it's like i am the official caterer for that accident.
look at me! i'm chandler! could i be wearing any more clothes?!
is it weird that i always save my ios updates for weekends? i need time and space to take it all in.
nope, i do the same thing! also so if it mucks up my phone, i have time to fix.
i feel wild accomplished b.c i ask so many b.s questions that my professor didn't get to go over everything and the quiz is shorter now :dd
i know damn well they don't know about chopped chesses in italy lmfao
i asked him what it was and they made a product so useless and dumb i can't stop thinking about who would give funding for it.
i really wanna know what it is now
boy, get beans id. we going to gucci in november. it's a must lol
where he coming to lol?
yeah i know!! they were so cute i couldn't resist
from where
lml should of beeped
niggas aint wanna drag it
is your mint plaza location accepting postmate orders???
yes, we are opening today at 9:30 am though
spent all that money and it doesn't even have a washlet. what a waste.
toto&gt;golden toilet
love you
me too momma
did i fucking ask
no but do i care
should sleep early cause have to wake up early. ends up sleeping really late. never learn lol somewhat regretting 10/10 will do it again
what is this yoosung life here
thank you!
no problem lol. make sure it's "batman the animated series" from the 90's
starving but no one's down to get some grub fck ya'll i'll go my damn self then lol
come to 72 i'll hang out w you it's so dead rn
have you harvested your olives?
not yet. we have cab this week and the olives probably the beginning of november. busy month!
not once did they question whether she was really bi or whether she was just doing it for attention????? wtf is her problem
being bi myself, it's just hurtful when people try and guess if you sway onto the straight or homosexual end of being bi
because we don't want to decrease our runway by 50% to live on the other side of a bridge.
i find that unlikely - rent isn't your primary expense, salaries are
donald trump was a leader in the "birther movement," which tried to delegitimize president obama. that is nothing less than racism.
being a paid pawn of hillary's is worse..you are a career political croon.
impossible perhaps, but maybe unnecessary for goal. even a fraction seems to have gotten them further then the oems
amount of data sent over 4g seems reasonable to me, it's all low res can data aside from camera frames here and there
trump: "i think that ['s] bodyguards should drop all weapons... let's see what happens to her."
do yoy know or do care that your insighting violence
trump's list of provable lies. w/
wow really lit into kellyanne she couldn't take it.
brilliant use of captions at :15
well-done! reminded me of the grover "monster at the end of this book" book!
remembering crazy eddie: his prices were insane - the new yorker brings back childhood memories
i always thought he'd be the first guy from queens to run for president.
i'm really curious to see how my town's planned sidewalk bike path works.
the problem will likely be that in us people will walk or stand in it, get annoyed when bikes approach and call out..
the decision to vote for trump isn't a rational one, it's an emotional one. how do we tap into trump supporter's emotions to sway them?
dealing from objective facts helps. unrelenting citing sources. be compassionate of pain, losses. respect. find common ground.
the queen of corruption, crooked hillary needs a 'morning after pill' to abort her distorted self-image in bed with the world.
another troll? how much do they pay you ms 49 followers.
is making a fool of themselves this morning bringing anyone they can find to hammer trump. pretty pathetic.
i watch hrc fanboy last night leave out the origin of birtherism with the self serving elites of cbc
seeing oliver stone's snowden today. nobody spoil it for me!!!!!!!
let us know how it is.
the song went from 50-2 on itunes. pi hasn't had a single green update since realease. stop.
girl you act like the itunes charts matter. let me know when it gets to on billboard and maybe you'll have an argument.
arrests made after masked men pointed an ar-15 from a miami beach balcony
rest of the story please
amount of data sent over 4g seems reasonable to me, it's all low res can data aside from camera frames here and there
probably not constant stream of data, just triggered off certain events
last few pairs of stinking holiday undies :)
holy fuck i bet they smell good
. yeah, i'm just less interested in the how-to and more in the what and why of the things we build
for sure. please rebroadcast your findings
because we don't want to decrease our runway by 50% to live on the other side of a bridge.
also, low chance that people will come to oakland for a casual coffee meeting
and that's a factooo
ya sound crazy af
correct. all paul's songs were credited as part of a duo or group.
you are both correct! even "uncle albert/admiral halsey" is credited to paul &amp; linda!
me either i think it's like personal
he deadass thought he was billy bad ass or some'n
and yet, the only people who face consequences, again &amp; again, are $11/hr underlings, the public, and often the state.
that wells fargo exec got a $125m paycheck for doing exactly this. vw execs aren't hurting either. no one sees jail. kid gloves all around.
why did you decide to have a separate account for music tweets??
i actually started to post tweets from my blog. most people don't care about music so i keep em separate
*sees whopper with someone else* *deletes whopper from phone* *texts whopper at 2am* *eats whopper*
is this sexual how why and where
.'s economic plan.
bernie sanders ii.
did you ever get to order? how was it?
i did. i got the duck carnitas and erin got the pork belly tacos. both were good but not worth the $35 price tag (with horchata)
the problem will likely be that in us people will walk or stand in it, get annoyed when bikes approach and call out..
...plus traffic signals won't prevent right or left hooks made worse when bikes come off sidewalk.
attendees who were born to run in the 5k race will have to relax at the seaside bar instead...or go to rum runners for their run.
go home &amp; be safe probably
because doesn't understand the difference between with guns and with .
when it comes to danger presented by guns there is little difference who is holding. idk how relates to story.
will msnbc's , apologize to for denying the '08 hillary camp started ?!?
now jenna lee has to apologize!
today's winner - no more submissions please: wapo: hillary clinton, 'style icon'
she resembles --&gt;. now the body double is a bit thinner.
you take offense to hrc calling your supporters 'deplorables', how are your tweets any different? pot/kettle
his whole campaign has been pot kettle
curiously none of the language quoted was false. it's just creepy expressions of doubt.
he's horrible but this isn't going to change anything
the eclipse hides my agony.outliers needs no sunshine of the soul,this is reserved for the mean median and mode.
yesterday is but a vapor. i wish i could forget sometimes. i think anyway.
the song went from 50-2 on itunes. pi hasn't had a single green update since realease. stop.
as far as i concerned both of them are flops at this point so neither of the fan bases should be throwing stones tbh
*sees whopper with someone else* *deletes whopper from phone* *texts whopper at 2am* *eats whopper*
is this abt sex
would you be available for me to ask you a few questions?
for sure, man!
happy birthday to the best girlfriend a guy could ask for
thanks boo love ya
that wells fargo exec got a $125m paycheck for doing exactly this. vw execs aren't hurting either. no one sees jail. kid gloves all around.
btw, we'd all like to pretend we'd do differently, but how many people wouldn't commit fraud for $125m? seriously? hard thing to ask.
i take like 4 of those a day bro and an hour lunch lol
fuhh bruh im working by myself so i think imma take a nap
attendees who were born to run in the 5k race will have to relax at the seaside bar instead...or go to rum runners for their run.
i'm sheltered in place
okay but ones been here an entire decade longer than the other &amp; debuted during the digital era so... yeah tragic for gaga
yeah she's over but i don't think she cares that much about success now. based on what she's releasing
i have doilies from budapest prague cuba and ireland and i can't find any of them i am upset
n yeah i'm an old lady at heart deal with it
on digital transformation
i have some people you need to talk to ...
the decision to vote for trump isn't a rational one, it's an emotional one. how do we tap into trump supporter's emotions to sway them?
i've gotten into long, passionate debates on guns or syria, etc. intellectual strength-meets-strength. built respect.
ask a liberal these two questions... they can't answer and will get mad watch!
good one, questions work on libs everytime, they never answer, juzt turn their words back on them,
who's cooking 6-7 times a day though? like......
lmao what they even making ?
get in down to ten men and a 1-0 win against the league leaders
great result for your lot, that
wrong. educate yourself w facts. i dare you to give video/quote where cummings said that
here's what cummings really said at dnc2016. try factchecking!!!
my mom sent me the most perfect birthday note. i cried.
happy bday!
8 months and 27 days later my face lit up like this when the doc said, "you are good to go." god is great man!!
fantastic put in the work and make it happen
did the guy at the car just slide a ipad in his pocket?
dbgwgkoswhv
with hillary we get four more years of obama's failed policies and more refugees too. we need to take care of our vets and homeless
i totally agree on our vets requiring assistance. but, what has trump offered other than lip service.
did you know? to prepare for his role as the green lantern, seth rogan gained 300 pounds and lost it in a week.
rogan is known for his dedication to the craft
hard to see but that's a bunny i followed it for a little bit but then i got lost but i'm ok now
"ok" isn't the adjective i would use to describe my current state but u know what i mean
: "not all cycling routes are separated from vehicle traffic." something i really want to see.
it's a function of vehicle sped. can't put bikes next to 35+mph traffic &amp; expect comfort and safety.
on digital transformation
also, check out the customer sessions and keynotes from
golfers want quick fixes. imo if you give someone the right tools/information to figure it out for themselves it's much more valuable.
looking for a quick fix repair a lamp with super glue. as a golfer you need the physical mobility to make the repair.
does anyone really think they are sitting on their hands or otherwise not watching the throne? come on now!
that picture should be much clearer in the next 6-9 months, i think ?
go ahead, but do it for disgusting shit like this
hey , its assholes like this in the nfl that feel above the law and disrespect our nation.
30 minute wait for an inspection that takes about an hour someone save me
inspections arent that long lol
good luck with your shoot.
thank you! have a great day!
todays the day i see yonce
i can't wait to see kaliah and cadences faces when they find out they're going to see her
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
stop your threats and your words of hate. it's treason to insight violence or against a presidential candidate. shame!
but yea you could have withdrawals from anything lol
bro ik i wasn't tweaking lol das why i be eating so much right ?
the american gangster is back... signs w/ ! wow.
the american wankster
t mobile played me
aw fuck what happened? were you able to use jump?
nooo i'll be in central america the next 10 days have fun though brother miss you
any plans for a trip to sf in the future?
got together w/ some hacker friends to chat bout &amp; season2 next to last episode
if you guys end up doing that via twitter or irc/slack let me get in on the convo next time !
it's been 70 days of curfew in kashmir, which, most accounts suggest, makes it the longest in the history of curfews in kashmir.
this is the courage of kashmiri people who are asking their birth right. i sure they will succeed one day
"you text like a light skin" the heck does that even mean
means terrible
real hipsters pick their own eggplants. :)
hate to tell you, but halloween is pumpkins, not eggplants.
. helps you find first-class engineer &amp; design talent in . via
don't forget to add the metacert bots for slack, hipchat and skype ;)
rochester niggie
lol like platform dude?
what kind of love is this!!! speechless
but god demonstrated his own love toward us, in that while we were still sinners, christ died for us. romans 5:8
get rid of that view. ie: management, gms, commercial appeal.
that opinion doesn't hold up to logic. management/gms similar in nba/nfl. as 4 "commercial appeal," you're blaming baseball 4...
msnbc shuts off trump supporter who was heating up with trump facts!
djt never once said anything in praise of duke but both clintons have repeatedly praised kkk leader sen. byrd
"we are unable to process your request" are my least favorite words
ticketmaster throwing a fit and giving up. it always happens to me after ten or so times retrying
thank you, glad you liked it! open next weekend if you want to stop by and see it in person. have a good saturday!
amazing views.. thank you!
dude why is ur pic some anime girl when u can have this
lolol adam. brb lemme make it that ;)
you don't know anything about my mindset.
didn't say i did. just said that's a childish mindset
btw, we'd all like to pretend we'd do differently, but how many people wouldn't commit fraud for $125m? seriously? hard thing to ask.
it's not like the laws aren't there. but when expensive lawyers can effectively opt you out of legal penalties - hi, wall street - it's bad.
you say that now lol
i will do my best to resist temptation
cool cool. i wouldn't call the sport that but i do think systematically the league itself needs to diversify more too...
young black kids not playing baseball? that's just dumb. that's free will. that's not racism.
i'd pick her over me too. she's obv hotter and plays poker better
neither one of you play very much anymore
update: we just hit a giant buck in s. dakota. we are ok. our truck is not.
hope all is well hermanx!
what is donald trump's position on climate change? he thinks it's a hoax perpetrated by the chinese. that is insane.
is not insane, he is a dick with ears.
i woke up this morning and decided: i'm gonna be nice online
you mustn't have run into any idiocy yet
take it to the bank... alabama by 10+ florida state by 14+ ohio state by 3 oregon by 10+ notre dame by 7+
well that was quick...
oakland, ca launches 'see something, say something' sex work snitch website. might want to start with opd, though
opd also has a john-shaming program. it posts photos of suspects, pre-conviction. five suspected cops' photos are, of course, missing.
sad young millennial twitter hours are about to begin
i have an app on my phone that allows me to dj ~*and*~ add gunshot noises but no one loves me
is this why emanuel didn't want hired?
has the morals of a decadent sive and specializes in any smear he can muster.
"king in the north" [digital artwork] by me.
long live the king
when will the show be released? and where will i be able to watch it?? :)
we showed the pilot episode at in june and and coming up! but still finding a home for the show..
here's what cummings really said at dnc2016. try factchecking!!!
i know facts dont matter to trump but get your numbers correct!
when you see the bottle girl get held up in traffic with your order....
bro be safe tonight lol
i don't really have an issue with it but idk i've been eating it since forever plus i'm hispanic
oh well duhhh ya niggas immune to it then lol
2. strongly suspect that, like jfk, someone besides obama wrote most of dreams of my father. wouldn't surprise me if it was bill ayers.
i have so many questions about this.
i'm dying
i can't these people are so gullible
stuff you missed in history class did an episode on them!
yup! i listened to it :)
the decision to vote for trump isn't a rational one, it's an emotional one. how do we tap into trump supporter's emotions to sway them?
also i specifically cite flawed rhetoric: that's a strawman. ad hominem. moving goalposts, etc. make them *think* about words.
obsessed with my sister and brother in law.. what an amazing day
congrats!!! you looked amazing
she's really talking that talk right now...
she sure was lol
check this out! this right here!! the little clown at the end takes your hat off? really? what campus is this??
so these same people that compare trump to hitler, want to control who &amp; what you support? yea. that makes sense.
. agreed. pcb will honour afridi and ajmal in fitting sendoffs. i will meet and discuss this with them next week.
that will be a good gesture on the part of pcb and will set an example for the future.
excellent. very excited to have had you share it and looking forward to 's thoughts!
if you're looking for other stem cell blogs, check out , and . biased on the last one!
if you need company i'm here.
haha thanks for the support guys. i'll be see you guys soon right!?!
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
stop your threats and your words of hate. it's treason to insight violence against a presidential candidate. shame!
2. strongly suspect that, like jfk, someone besides obama wrote most of dreams of my father. wouldn't surprise me if it was bill ayers.
if someone other than obama wrote the book, why would it be a former terrorist and not a paid ghostwriter?
50% is an exaggeration, but oakland is definitely cheaper in every respect. better for employees (who agree) - bigger homes.
oakland is marginally cheaper, but not worth the extra time
i brought you into my life
i allowed you to be in my life*
it is ur country where all the indian sponsored terrorism is covered and planned against pakistan
very unfortunate indeed
ah, so animation is just a bit smoother. not any major speed changes then in terms of opening apps? i know watchos 3 has helped
all app behavior takes maybe the time it used to. not instant, but i haven't seen it go to sleep during an app launch at all.
okay! i should definitely have it done by then! hopefully i'll get them done by the first.
that's perfect! thank you so much
just noticed that is using watermarked images/video on their apps. oops
cheap skates !
missing my friends. how's everyone doing?
big day of revising ahead for me! how are you?
it's not like the laws aren't there. but when expensive lawyers can effectively opt you out of legal penalties - hi, wall street - it's bad.
drug crimes may ruin lives, but white collar crimes ruin economies, communities, whole systems. wc criminals can fight back harder.
unless they are already in oakland :)
in the 3.5 years i've been here i've never been asked to meet someone in oakland
post this on fb in my speaker online marketing group. might get a good hit there.
thank you airbnb replied to my tweet :)
i feel sorry for your ignorance.
i accept your sympathy with grace and gratitude.
the decision to vote for trump isn't a rational one, it's an emotional one. how do we tap into trump supporter's emotions to sway them?
if it's a force-on-force emotional argument, one needs to resort to "dialectic aikido" -- find a way to ground their anger.
4. my dad's favorite conspiracy theory was that rudolf hess was actually invited into britain to negotiate with churchill.
boomers were alerted that everything was bullshit when press covered white bronco. you guys did it all4 "views"/todays clicks
gluten free edibles for my people with gluten allergies hmu! they going fast!!!!!
got regular white chocolate chip brownies as well
start asking what these tools + doctors can do if a baby's heart stops. i think the answers will shock you.
what have you been told?
it really isn't; happened before &amp; would involve very few participants. book doesn't sound like his voice at all.
yeah but that's not why i think this is an out-there theory
i can make suggestions for two of these. mail is...i suggest a glass of wine, a good tv show and then open things. ;*
i just need the time ... and discipline
four black actresses who have changed the narrative in popular culture
nikki and viola, i agree. i'm in the wait and see camp with zendaya. she's very young and it could go either way. jmo
that's the other thing about dutch cities, they aren't shy about building freeways and limited access roads.
and they put bike paths next to them that are completely contiguous. i rode 18 mi to another city and never shared a car lane.
it's finally official. o1 visa approved. moving to nyc!
that's awesome! i'll get there all this next week
everyone that roots for florida state is a police officer
same with notre dame
how do you feel about the shot meter on layups? i'm not really feeling them feel like people can make more dumb shots this way.
if your defense isn't maxed out what happens when someone consistently gets a perfect release on a contested layup?
i agree it's a problem for some white allies, but i also think you should know whom you're accusing of it.
i'm willing to listen. send me a dm and we can see how far down this rabbit hole goes. :)
in honor of , here is my favorite batman gif of all time. enjoy.
you make my day with your finds. happy to follow you. keep digging and making new york better by the day.
i jus paid 45$ for a round trip ticket to atlanta
through the website? was it a glitch?
4. my dad's favorite conspiracy theory was that rudolf hess was actually invited into britain to negotiate with churchill.
it destroyed the "veil"
for the most part, seems to be a positive upgrade...but then there is this: now i have to use ,, or to incite violence online?
this tweet only makes sense when viewed on an apple device. on desktop, i still see a revolver. \_()_/
unless they are already in oakland :)
also, i go to 2-3 meet ups a week. never been to one in oakland
and another western tanager, this one feeding on berries in the california native garden ...
i read that as "teenager" first. probably a common mistake.
loudspeaker announces "food fight!!" and it's on. patrons do repeat visits waiting for that moment.
i feel like non-loudspeaker-initiated food fights would constantly be happening, who can handle that tension?!
interesting read that made me questions a few things i thought i knew.
thanks for sharing. i was going for max time on planks but now i guess i'll shift over to pushups.
yeah tim what's up with this anti train stuff who is paying you we're on to you.
he works for amtrak now shh
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
happy , donald!
it's 9am and the thumping of the pool party is blasting full on...i mean why vegas?? no one is dancing at the pool at 9am on a saturday!
your not hanging out with the right people then
youre wrong brian.
i've actually never been wrong in my entire life so....
edits out saying he kisses every chance he gets.
am i the only one who suspects ivanka was likely an incest victim?
i didn't get a chance to send this earlier, but here's your week 2 start 'em and sit 'em:
standard league: need to sit one of these receivers. will fuller, dez bryant, michael thomas, or ty hilton?
cracks me up how many of snapchat things instagram just uses for their stories. immitation is the great flattery right
they are both owned by the same parent company fwiw.
if you dont know what tampico is you have never actually been poor and therefore cant relate to me
omg...my mom cut it w water when i was little ...
requirements: speaks spanish, loves music, eats any and all foods, cries a lot, outgoing, funny, cries a lot, maybe loves hot cheetos
doesn't love skepta, is woke and can talk about it, wears clothes probably
50% is an exaggeration, but oakland is definitely cheaper in every respect. better for employees (who agree) - bigger homes.
common "grass is greener" mentality. but outcome usually different than expectations
but divided government is better than both.
welcome , to the united coalition of the divided!
i thought this said "how did i not know miley was hannah montana" and i almost cried
that too tbh
yes but libs bank on us and other conservatives to be afraid we have 2 fight back against political correctness
never said im afraid, i'm just liberal intolerant , most are manipulative,pc, have no common sense.
to last her 3 life times
most of these pop stars are all rich as hell anyway
happy birthday to the coolest twins out there &amp;
thanks jess! hope soccer is goin well
do you ever just think about the lyrics that shawn might have just thrown away because he didnt think it was good enough &amp; start to get sad
why hurt me this way!!
frankly it seems in poor taste to celebrate batman day, when today our thoughts should be with thomas and martha wayne.
maybe go pour one out in front of wayne manor in commemoration?
heading out to for all the indie comic nerdery my heart and wallet can handle.
ooh you need to tell us about such things
can't spell isn't articulate like get your ged having ass outta here
you're a mean women.
practice the art of deflection-put the onus of resolving the issue raised by a gossiper back on them and stay positive.
"sounds like you're unhappy? so how are you going to resolve it?" guide to positive direction.
drug crimes may ruin lives, but white collar crimes ruin economies, communities, whole systems. wc criminals can fight back harder.
corporate crimes should merit jail time and real, meaningful penalties like pedestrian drug crimes do. it's just political will.
i know a few people who knock old school hiphop because it "sounds dated"...what does that even mean it's like 30 years old it won't be trap
in '94 i wasn't listening to '83 shit either. but that's different. production hadn't developed. 90s beats are pretty timeless imo
also you are wearing an unbuttoned dress shirt and boy briefs whilst doing so
"you look like the kid who swam here from cuba, elliot, like the dolphins guided you home."
rewatching got s6 clips. seriously for the love of all that's holy, why didn't they make lyanna mormont the king in the north?
. because she would be queen of the north?
exactly. sf played late on monday, have to fly across the country to play panthers, who haven't played since thursday
if it's not denver, they can do anything. i think they give more credit to cle than denver that's ok, bring it on
trump: (shits on immigrants, muslims...) media: that's just wacky donald! trump: (wastes media's time) media: wait a sec. he's an asshole!
hey, if that's what it takes...
north korean dictator kim john un assassinated one of his top advisors for bad posture. via
its only a matter of time before kim is "removed" from office.
iphone 7+ camera test 7+ on left, 6s+ on right
stark directional lighting is pretty tricky. whites a more true neutral white in 7+ (left)
i could go for the taco truck right now ...
i had some fish and pull pork tacos lastnight
all boys do is lie and nut fast
he probably nutted on the ring (quickly of course)
if this isn't us all year round
deadass im literally so excited oops
ohio should demand kasich to step down
absolutely, hes a
imma just get a new phone soon
if u get a new contract it'll be cheaper. t-mobile is like 70$ a month
the effects of getting completely high out of your mind before bed. my dream was lit!
i had a dream me and my friends went to a mac dre concert. but it wasn't like a real concert
lol no you don't want them to roast you on tv
oh i can take it for the hella free clothes
no you have to sign a legal waver before you enter, you get banned and big fine if you start one prematurely
but i could probably work there
thanks for being such a good friend and feeding my addiction all of senior year
i need a chillis date with you
there's always sunshine after rain, so why worry now? follow my
that was so beautiful. like
instead of asking me why i think that &amp; actually challenging me...you're passing judgment that's childish baby boy!
cause having twitter has no bearing on a relationship and if it does then it's cause their childish
there are a lot of tropes in ya that will make me seriously think about reading a book, but i'm really in love w the manic pixie girl trope
i would get dragged for saying this in a lot of literary circles but... idc. i really like it.
happy birthday hope it's the best day, you deserve it .. pls come visit soon love u long time
thankyou halle i miss and love you so much!!!:)
i had a dream me and my friends went to a mac dre concert. but it wasn't like a real concert
yaknow how they have those raves at the coliseum? it was like that with huge screens of mac dre performing everywhere?
listening to the commentary for the olympia like nails on a chalk board. just sayin guys... i'm available anytime
agreed. fitness and bikini commentary was painful.
is the same thing
i figured! thanks
this is just so, so insanely dangerous... there are mentally ill folks shooting up places already .
completely unstable him self!
went to ps1 a week before the art book fair and to galleries a day after opening receptions without realizing it, says a lot about my life
im just wandering around the art world, bumbling into jerry saltz, smashing my phone on a gallery floor, walking thru fashion photo shoots
you could also make the case that trump + r-congress = divided gov't
no you cannot. divided government is a defined political science term.... 1/
in '94 i wasn't listening to '83 shit either. but that's different. production hadn't developed. 90s beats are pretty timeless imo
"imoho" in my old head opinion.
that looks so tasty! do you have a deep fryer at home??
no deep fryer i just use a deep frying pan
i've met two or so. the real answer is meet people casually for coffee less frequently.
that's finding less value in your network then. which is the reason why we all pay rent
corporate crimes should merit jail time and real, meaningful penalties like pedestrian drug crimes do. it's just political will.
we've seen nothing like that since the s&amp;l crisis so long ago. public demonstrably still cares. leaders don't? prosecutors?
name calling won't erase the fact. i believe that obama was born in the us, but he embellished his bio with literary agent.
another misinformed, ignorant lie disseminated by republican hacks.
has had "pneumonia" since 2008.
it's been explained by doctors why people with parkinson's cough a lot.what more do we need to know?don't be naive or blind to it.
i wonder what is thinking way too often.
so does she.
hi lucas! i took a shoot at the demo app from wwdc session 216. hope it helps
yeah i ended up replicating it, but it's actually a lot harder for presenting/dismissing.
5 yrs ago, this would be a major development. a regional freak out. but not now israel is cozy with sunni arab world
moreso, w/ turkey incursion from north, isis spilling into iraq, everyone wants intervention for stability.
it's hilarious to watch us media celebrating itself for having the rare courage to actually distinguish between truth and lie.
people suck it up. it's not hill-ar-y-us it's pitiful
yaknow how they have those raves at the coliseum? it was like that with huge screens of mac dre performing everywhere?
everyone was just outside on one going stooooooopid. boyyyyy i woke up feeling myself!
i like my plan tho :\\
you gon have to pay outta pocket for a new phone
there are many reasons for sf's homelessness that contribute to the high numbers. still think we're not doing enough
agreed! i want it to be city's priority.
they're getting paid well to sell out their own people....
check facts b4 posting or you'll just confirm stereotype of fans being uneducated
stark directional lighting is pretty tricky. whites a more true neutral white in 7+ (left)
darker details significantly sharper
i'm one of "those" i love pumpkin spice anything!!
they have pumpkin spice *everything*...and i do mean *everything*. roasted garbanzo beans, fettuccine, pringles...
not at all i can't wait to see your cosplay!!!
ahhhhh gosh i'll be so embarrassed haha. but nevertheless i'll come admire your booth again today
jordan shelley-smith has been cleared to play, per ku. joe gibson and mesa ribordy are not playing today.
this didn't get any favorites, but it was a good tweet
hi lucas! i took a shoot at the demo app from wwdc session 216. hope it helps
collection view items make it easier to attach those recognizes. with full-screen views it's more obnoxious.
also just thought we should bring this back for ur bday
ahhhhhh stop
day! today's pick: eggplant. what's looking good at your market?
such a beautiful color
but a lot of people are like omg no my attendance
i just hate missing school because you'll be deathly behind in all of your classes
would love to but not sure how much mobility i have geographically this eve, hit me after? i plan on it'ish? baby mood depending.
i'll see if i can escape the gravity well of bushwick around 7 or so.
this "but" is everything wrong with food writing and the way we marginalize everyday home cooking
i cooked in a 2 michelin restaurant and every one of us had a notebook. every dish new or old was written and followed from recipe.
the problem is that giving sid blumenthal the benefit of the doubt kind of requires not knowing anything about him
that this is the sort of thing sid would do does not necessarily mean he did it.
awwww thanks birch
that's all you gotta say
omg, you don't have idea, we're so happy and excited about &lt;3 larries support you guys
we are very excited too! and we love the larries, you have all been so supportive!
literally me when i go to the bars.
accurate af
my abs arent in hiding--they ran off looking for that churro ice cream sandwich
you'll find it at playa betty's on the uws on amsterdam and 75th-ish (and yes, it's worth it- it's sweater season anyway)
no, it's not. what are you even talking about? birth control &amp; drug use are championed by .
if you aren't christian, then you aren't one to talk.
my man always says this lol
her body is for both of them, lol j/k
least i can do. showed some samples to my students and there were completed riveted. will be a big part of my classes
ugh i meant "they were". sorry. hate poor grammar
living in the past, the memphis band played a lot of elvis presley, blues brothers and drake pre-game.
this didn't get any favorites but it was a good tweet
i showered with two bellami porn boys in my tonight. was there too!
i would shower w/ johnny mcgovern any day hunty.
they go in like clockwork
i play the 4 so when a sharpshooter pg scores a highly contested layup on me it hurts my soul lol.
if that's true lmao then this dude is smart and belongs in hollywood
he shoulda parlayed that buzz into something monetary months ago
first the palestinians hijacked airplanes. now they hijack agendas. plaestinians attempt to infiltrate
bds is a vulture circling standing rock bds destroys everything it touches
all the associates at are so cute &amp; nice &amp; helpful &amp; wonderful 10/10 would recommend
thanks so much!
so we decided that the waitstaff get to participate. we couldn't decide if this was the best or the worst job ever (both?)
i'll let you know once i'm employed there. if you just put some music on for cleanup it's probably ok.
hi lucas! i took a shoot at the demo app from wwdc session 216. hope it helps
as soon as you start the actual vc animation, touches outside the animation view are ignored. :-\
nigga acting like he gonna come
on my way. wya exactly
good morning! just a reminder is a self-serving liar who has no idea what he's talking about.
trump is a grand wizard in prada shoes. he's a disgusting vile waist of oxygen
like i said bugger off. you are a loyal &amp; ignorant sheep of . i can't dialogue w/stupid!
., you're willfully ignorant and ahistorical. the u.k. has a multiparty system. how's that working out for them?
we have to zoom out just to see how many exit tickets there are! free in our library!
do you have these for math grade 6???
today: will hold a public training at 6pm et. admission is free! info:
that's quite a split!
and i blame for it everyday
this week we discovered that other westy owners will invite you to stay in their campsite in yosemite.
you make the allegation, u back it up.
burden of proof is not on me fool, get educated it's all over the net a five year old could figure it out
i knew you depraved meme-addled millennials were gonna make my tweet vulgar so i did it myself before you got a chance
lolol i had to double check to see if it was really you tweeting that
true, and there are many things that go against nature, not all are bad.
condoms are bad.
thomas keller has finally spoken about on the disastrous per se review
this was an interesting caption-picture juxtaposition
i need to stop hitting people up for the first time in the dm by using emoji i have done this a few times
but it breaks the ice so well
actually want the weekend to be over
me waitin for u (also, neva gonna stop lovin you, bitch)
there is 7 billion people on this earth. we don't need any more.
we need more christians.
wtf is 'the u' doing playing at appl st. cant they schedule d1 opponents or are they too pussified to want to compete
app st is d-1 you dunce.
instagram's newsfeed lets you scroll activity for days. now i got plenty proof to get mad when anyone ignores my texts
get those receipts
you really killed these
aw thank you!!
we've seen nothing like that since the s&amp;l crisis so long ago. public demonstrably still cares. leaders don't? prosecutors?
btw, how much do you wanna bet those wf execs then went home and wrote angry letters about how burdensome &amp; unnecessary financial regs are?
you will not be let in if you're not in a costume
oh my gosh yes i love it
i'm in seaside....where's my favorite news team at?
we're on it
i'd rather look in a dictionary. to strongly desire. i was right.
you're a moron, that's why.
today's itinerary: -breakfast burritos -machine guns -sports book -bbq -pool -poker -steak -bar -tbd
it's not tuesday.
you just incited violence on a presidential candidate.
no retard your trump incited violence on racist whites
there's also the fact that the convo wasn't just about white men &amp; poc, it was about women.
i'm getting lost. isn't the original post about kapernick?
if a "birther" is one who didn't believe o was def born here... what's the term for one who questionned o's religion, as did?
a faither! hillarys is a faither!
the is closing! remember when we had a baby there and almost started a riot?
omg yes!!! i can't believe they are gonna close!
i cooked in a 2 michelin restaurant and every one of us had a notebook. every dish new or old was written and followed from recipe.
and! you could tell good cooks from bad by how the food turned out after following the recipe.
"terrorism inflicts not only death and destruction but also emotional oppression" reflecting on 9/11 15 yrs later
the hatred that welled up in america is symptom of a collective, societal ptsd.
so we decided that the waitstaff get to participate. we couldn't decide if this was the best or the worst job ever (both?)
also the food fight only happens 10% of the time, yeah? so reasonable
seems bizarre, not like it takes that much lever-arm to ride a bike, and bumping the handlebar tip is is bad news.
it's about comfort, not steering. the handlebar width on city bikes is what's most comfortable in an upright position.
i'd probably say 1. rocks that bleed 2. tick where it hurts 3. stray dog 4. let it be 5. blue sushi 6. grey area 7. killed the cat 8. 56yob
although it isn't as lengthy as the others, many moons is my personal favorite
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
no she does not!! you twisted minded scum! no guns for criminals or suspected terrorists, get it together!
make the best out of babysitting
i'm an actual child
no you cannot. divided government is a defined political science term.... 1/
a , &amp; majority is unified government - by definition.
this feisty adaptation of respects &amp; ridicules its origins - book now!
great production! saw it this summer while visiting london. loved it. so topical in the times we live in.
and that's what he was doing in the passage as well... pointing out their hypocrisy.
you don't sound like you know anything. u just said u think jesus was a low down fucking jew, so fuck you.
damn they still building that one. oh &amp; tell snooki i said hi
yea it's taking forever. snookie can't talk she fist pumping at supermarket
morning .. getting ready and repping my shirt today.
looking good as always but you tagged the wrong lol
when does obama take resp for fueling claim by refusing to release birth certificate for months?
did you fall out of the basket and hit you head really hard when you formulated this question?
like i said bugger off. you are a loyal &amp; ignorant sheep of . i can't dialogue w/stupid!
. corruption can happen in any system, socialist democracies and multiparty systems included.
in front of the bp gas station on mclean
by the saw mill? or up by coyne
the week is for that negative shit. saturday is for the bears.
saturday is for the bears
who is your favorite wrestling match gimmick?
eat it yesh
go hiking at that once place it's like 10-15 minutes walking i'll meet u there.
i wish but i have to wait to be called so i can pay
universe is not even 6k nothing evolves if outside source doesnt add new info to it
another idiot.
last night was lit
if anybody has any videos send that
precursors to cnns were heavily inspipred by neural structure. see figures 2 &amp; 3.
thanks. i didn't think much more than multi layer was, just like an airplane doesn't flap wings. good to learn there is more
i'll come back from break and i'll work for like 30mins-1hour and my supervisor will tell me to take a break
thats hella chill bruh
the one and only
random internet climbing partner told me about that campground and it's awesome. i spent a few days there.
shooting your videos in snapchat and uploading them to your story is like putting gas in your lawn-mower to siphon it to your prius.
instagram story? or just snapchat story in general?
happy anniversary to a sweet couple and amazing friends.
lucky man,michelle is a dime piece.don't mess up,because my broke ass,will slide in there.happy anniversary
pedestrians are not armor plated, so you need to yield to them when they are in a crosswalk.
you should come to e 16th ave and s. delaware street in san mateo. we have the same problem and need help.
i just dreamt freelancers had all switched to wearing desktop computers as backpacks; made sense
darshan does this already, though he calls it his "windows laptop"
the game really a kardashian. everything he do is for attention.
lol. he calls tmz when he leaves the club and shit for publicity
a look at the known frontal disturbances &amp; secondary wildcards (now plauisble due to early ml high collapse)
suffolk county needs the rain and i could see some flooding monday morning
shake it off!
more like liposuction it off or she'll be shaken it for ever lol
we're recent twitter connex, so maybe you don't know but i do a lot of listening &amp; amplifying poc voices.
careful. "it's not enough to love the children. each child must feel loved."
i tried to save you lol
i'll remember that hahaha
1. supreme court 2. weak economy 3. need jobs 4. enemies dont fear us 5. unborn 6. 2nd amend 7. bill clinton back
and you honestly think trump can change all that?? now the birther is clintons fault what bs
this sounds very restorative.
noodle you may come too of course
i can't even get my iphone 7 till the 21st of next month fml
and i preordered it
does anyone really think they are sitting on their hands or otherwise not watching the throne? come on now!
they're don't care about the throne. only the crown.
racists always have a few ppl they know 2 justify they're not racists
i don't buy that tokenism for a second.
what are the runway consequences of sf? crazy office rents?
hbo show "high maintenance" - "sufjan" episode perfectly represents the "grass is greener" fallacy
very but golden state is unfair. they hit stepback 3's with defenders in their faces all game
everyone prob picks them online too lmao.
y'all don't know how down i am to leave everything behind and go somewhere far
i been saying i can just pack up and not give a fuck
can someone come to howard homecoming with me please
heard they the mostttt lit i wanna go
this is me with a file system
with fuse around, this is easier than it used to be! do it
it reminds me of lex :( i miss her
i miss her too
l's for the city
check out that samuel l. jackson tweet from last week. awesome!
injury report for tonight's game: shoni schimmel - out (concussion) kiah stokes - out (hip) epiphanny prince - out (tendinitis)
does not look good going into the playoffs.
people who were not qualified for the jobs. wikileaks' guccifer 2.0: obama sold off public offices to donors
didn't blagojevich go to jail for thinking about selling the senate seat chicago?
do you still have the ticket? i'll take it if so. i'll even pay for it
i do! mail mail me andre.org with your name and email address and i'll transfer it.
what's your favorite pokemon?
the greatest
no retard your trump incited violence on racist whites
why r whites that are racist been cowards. u know who you are stand up and be counted otherwise mofos shut up!
someone else has the name wren and i feel attacked
also michael phillips saw my face of disapproval when they said wren and laughed so i feel validate
love your tutorial on commentable stuff! everything is going smooth. i've got a code question if you have 5 seconds :)
awesome, glad it's helpful. hit me.
but part of the whole thing is not assuming everyone is unwoke &amp; exclusionary. topic came up in a thread w/
if it's ok with you, i'd like to forward an email to you in private for you to read at your own leisure.
i've only seen this on tv and today just shocked me. all the hate in trump supporters just makes me wanna cry
yeah they're a lot rowdier than the other voters. you should see how much more peaceful bernie supporters are. or were, anyway.
yesterday trump finished the "birther" movement. now if he would just finish the "trump" movement.
obviously you don't have a writer
the wildest things we saw in the zoo
to clarify this is a joke do not sue me marty
morning .. getting ready and repping my shirt today.
love seeing you smile and so happy!!
either way we all win
you're not wrong. heck, you're right.
last one is siobhan keenan's dphil thesis. cheaper by far:
thanks guys, these are gonna be really helpful!
one other factor - i see the rent situation only getting further out of hand in sf. makes sense to be there only after success.
from my understanding office rents were softening (high sublease % indicator)
today's winner - no more submissions please: wapo: hillary clinton, 'style icon'
she's looking like a trend setter here!
mannequins keep cropping me out of their pictures.
vh1....and that's when i hit rock bottom
kanye jealous because cudi has a better pop up shop than him
what does off-license refer to?
one other factor - i see the rent situation only getting further out of hand in sf. makes sense to be there only after success.
again, rent not the largest expense
if it's ok with you, i'd like to forward an email to you in private for you to read at your own leisure.
i feel as though it'll help to put things on the same page, as i don't want to call out people publicly yet.
my friends are so cute
happy birthday love
woke up this morning with jon hopkins's "breathe this air: w/ purity ring stuck in my head for the longest time...
. apparently i'm really bad at using punctuation on my phone in the early mornings...
"what is the last sound you want to hear at the end of your life?" - "unneeded noise is the cruelest absence of care"
do you hear the heart beat in 's music? woah!
post on smart view survey
smart view survey respondents ala dv and python
btw, how much do you wanna bet those wf execs then went home and wrote angry letters about how burdensome &amp; unnecessary financial regs are?
pres obama has mostly been terrific, but the near-total lack of prosecution of financial crisis wrongdoers is one of biggest disappointments
video: dolphins fans burn team shirts over players' national anthem protest.
america folks...shit for brains..they'll prob be buying them again
once again.... life turns against me. get sick before game, busted lip open and now running low on money....
shut ur mouth already
oh snap! what part of it were you?
oh, not the video, just the website and stuff :)
i know facts dont matter to trump but get your numbers correct!
see where the graph shows that 3 republicans voted no? so in your math, 3 = 0? lol
matt thomas wearing a grill on the field?
marcus ball shit.
i dont own a pet yet i be cleaning up after this dog like its mine
&amp;then i think he knows i get the short end of the stick and always waits for his owner to leave so he can make messes for me to clean up
come on lads.... always an ook!
jordan, they have them playing at 6 tonight, then 2 tomorrow! how is that for recovery. who decides this?
bring him back or let him go?
i said it yesterday, i'm of the mind to let him go...unless they have a real good reason to do it. i'd really only be up for...
bryan cranston best role was the dad in malcolm in the middle.
lol i agree with that, actually. i haven't seen breaking bad lol
hannnnnnn!!! he was a fucking menace
and he tried to book it while being restrained like the cops hadn't been looking for him for beating up everyone n getting fame from it.
the nba/nfl have to improve as well to esp. nfl...it is free will but it is also a race-culture issue as well.
everything that doesn't have black ppl in it isn't racist. which is kind of the point of my story.
hot take: the only thing worse than burritos is omelettes
i'm with you. omelettes are super boo boo (not in the way).
i said it yesterday, i'm of the mind to let him go...unless they have a real good reason to do it. i'd really only be up for...
it in the final scene of the last movie, as the family is together at last. but i think it would be too weird to have him as a...
i want somebody maybe during the debate to ask pence about his law funerals for fetuses.
fathers are not mentioned in this law. simply more harassment against women. he hates women.
my sample is nowhere near good enough yet, but you might try it to get a feel of the thing
my use case can't involve a nav controller, so i don't think it would help that much. :(
me when i move to minneapolis
u movin there? nice town. triple rock social club awesome bar
saturday classes are a complete joke
come over sunshine
serves dude right for all the shit he been doing to flex
what'd he do there ?
(i also expect to be sobbing for both intended and unintended reasons this ep)
waiting for the inevitable suzanne is crying about love live tweets later today to be honest.
aww lovely! have fun
thanks darling
i feel like blastin some old school norte rap on this road trip but my brotha is bumpin coheed instead :-/
speedy loc! dark room familia. i can kill a scrap if you want me to.... scrap killa!
yup. i recommend the pick six strategy
lamar with a few inaccurate throws so far
that sounds great. enjoy yallself!
hope you have a good one as well! &lt;3
i was just like, she's just a faghag
he sounded like he might have been one too when "he" left tho....
what are the best sports stories, on or off the field, that most people haven't heard of?
here's my best one:
it in the final scene of the last movie, as the family is together at last. but i think it would be too weird to have him as a...
full, living, breathing character in later films. it just wouldn't feel right having brian, knowing paul is dead. it might...
once again.... life turns against me. get sick before game, busted lip open and now running low on money....
if i didn't know u.. i'd think ur going threw a depression.. we don't feel sorry for u
is currently experiencing delays averaging 41 mins due to weather / low ceilings
is currently experiencing delays averaging 41 mins due to low ceilings
today's winner - no more submissions please: wapo: hillary clinton, 'style icon'
oh for fucks sake.. really? really?
ugh, gotta be more accurate
maybe a little over hyped. the plays are there
"i just don't like to see homes in palo alto turned into large compounds for wealthy people."
that's what atherton is for.
bel air staff at our caring schools training.
, how is the csc implementation going? please call me with questions. warmly, 415-444-0403
speedy loc! dark room familia. i can kill a scrap if you want me to.... scrap killa!
were gonna just pretend that i didn't just send you that and don't ask how i know who they are lol.
i look forward to episode 1 of love live sunshine next week.
pretty much this though. i was just frustrated watching the entire series up until last week and finally pay off with this week.
can't say i'm sorry
like i can understand decking a white supremacist/other malicious characters but over some supreme? *decks myself*
i wish this mattered to you but i guess you. islamophobic bitch. warmonger hillary
trump would do better?
every night your partner doesn't know whether or not you'll come home covered in pudding and spaghetti
if this doesn't turn into an actual establishment it'd be a great short story
oh i see, anyway wish the best of luck!
thanks! if i figure something out i'll post some code. :)
in just 90 minutes, my world's shifted for the better. thanks &amp; for allowing this to be here
yes. life changing.
is making your own npmish logo a thing? e.g.:
it isn't a thing, but it sure could be. font face is free:
25 awesome users just followed me! via
make that 26!
you mean like the muslims in the photo brutally killing the woman, following the example of their leader, mohammed?
yes, the ...
they never asked 43 white presidents for a birth certificate so this is clearly the first black president's fault.
i am sorry but what an idiot.no wonder love the ignorant and uneducated.onlyway4repubs2win
thanks babe :') miss you
miss you too friend :)
numerous. email?
turns out we're using chart js which is the same
full, living, breathing character in later films. it just wouldn't feel right having brian, knowing paul is dead. it might...
come off as unnerving for audiences too, as well as shallow, since f7 was used as a goodbye for all of us to paul.
listening to share her "kid adventures" at luncheon. thx for the invite!
thanks for supporting
2 shares = 2 prayers
2 no shares equals 2 no fucks were given
anyone notice u can zoom in on instagram now
game changer
not gonna lie but whoever music playlist she's using is fire and wallah i have no clue where deena came from
when adam family are dancing "dembow" that's a type is dominican music love that family
who gave the media the erroneous "hit the gas instead of the brake" information? was it the ?
was it police that gave the erroneous "hit gas instead of brake" mantra?
sure wish we went there instead of disneyland
haha i can't believe that was their senior trip
if you're a lover a great food and wine, racines is a special spot, hope you enjoyed it !!!
hope to see you soon!
bernie sanders diehards are pushing the conspiracy about clinton's health -- helping trump
bernie brats are very tiresome. they use gop memes for research.
fairly confused why argentina would send del potro out for doubles today when he played 5 hrs yesterday and should be a lock to beat edmund.
same reason uk sent ? putting the best player out there?
i go down to the dining hall in pjs &amp; my hair not done &amp; some kid said he was "disappointed" my nigga is at home im not here to impress you
wtfffff i'm coming rn find me this niggas room #
"see what happens to her" isn't being addressed seriously. this isn't the first time he's incited assassination, which should be criminal.
"see what happens to her" needs coverage. it only takes on deplorable.
this unpatriotic racist must be stopped. register. vote. gotv. the world is watching.
dog whistle campaigning. nice antidote: obama's evisceration of trump and the brother efforts correspdnr
curious, which news outlets do you trust to report objectively and not cheerlead?
truth-out, counterpunch and the intercept, to name a few. also the atlantic, guardian
with the $ being made in the sport, many races ought to play but due to league not appealing or socioeconomic issue...
that's a joke. poor kids from venezuela, puerto rico, dr, and cuba can find way to an mlb roster but aas can't? stop.
i gotta please the fans every now and then
lmaooo fans ?? don't get ahead of yourself now
you can ask staff at air port and at jamaica station what to do.
we are staying on west 36th so airtran to jamaica then to port authority ?
lol well they looked nice. also, i'm short so it helps :')
lol how short?
but realistically my post had absolutely nothing to do with trump. so that's a poor argument
huh?????? " would never do this" - your like trump deny deny deny.
yay, see you there!
look forward to seeing you.
omg hi a-a-ron
omg! fancy meeting you here. it's been so long!
ur right i would be
probably break up with him too right
happy birthday to this interesting lady. hah ilysm and i hate how i cant celebrate with you :( but have fun!!
u ! thank you!
i get that, just strange, seems tone deaf to me. just my opinion tho..
can't ignore all the good things he did. plus how are they tone deaf? all the people who did something wrong are in jail/court.
oops. this street will never accommodate bikes well without a parallel separate path.
that road would be max four car lanes with wide, curb separated, raised cycle tracks on each side and bike specific signals.
common gameday theme.
i think he likes getting hit .
i just want to know who said the driver "hit the gas instead of the brake?" it's an that you corrected.
thank you for correcting the by police, now is charlene blocked from your site?
to summarize: you are an idiot. i think you're so stupid.
well your face and butt stink
back in the tank.
please tell lori i said she's looking fab
nah i'll be in the 716 today
btw have fun getting wasted
bold move on apple's part, using a second color in the icon for the weather app. they really broke the mold.
hey i know that app in the dock!
vickie, your retweet &amp; are appreciated! visit us for books, pics &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra at
ta-da! another retweet &amp; ! true coolness abounds, vickie! thanks so much. visit us for goodies!
sf is a great place to be if you're a small team that is already successful and where office+home rent doesn't affect bottom line
again, small % of burn - less than one devs salary for small office
my son wanted to see if the bricks in the brass statue at are compatible with real . they are!
time to bring participatory art to billund. leave a couple of bricks there!
news!! use the hashtag
omg..well you won't even have to fly me out
omg that was so much fun.
crutches? twerk assistance.
i watchd part of season one and was baffled that people thought it was good.
yeah i think i made it through like 4 episodes before i gave up. ppl say it gets better tho so i might go back to it idk.
in move to protect cab companies from uber et al., chicago alderman propose autonomous vehicle ban cc
the alderman behind the proposal cite public safety as their reason for the ban. meanwhile, 524 homicides this year.
love you guys but 2nd week palmer ranked &gt; than bortles yet b projected more points?
our rankings are our own thoughts, separate from the projections
my father, a plain spoken proud republican &amp; 36 yr us army vet. he would called trump a coward pinko commie lover
john mccain had the balls to put himself in danger for his country while donnie whined about his wittle feet!
who's checked out instagram recently? head over there right now to hear him covering frank ocean!
he always knows how to swoon ladies with those vocals
we're playing gravity by sara bareilles in our store right now and i'm trying my hardest now to just sing at the top of my lungs
*starts to cry*
welcome to my world steph she's crazy
she called me right away and i declined it ... showed her
what do people who never went to trump university have to do with hillary clinton?
you said " would never do this" i'm saying he is an outright thief.
well your face and butt stink
speaking politically
bannon denies. so... do you ask the reporter for more proof? or do you run with it? 2/2
this is nit picky but idk if this is a good comparison. bannon's promoted stuff like that through breitbart and his radio show.
bra, he need to do better. he a real life attention junky.
he a rapper though. he doing what he gotta do to stay relevant. it's hard being in the game 10+
i care about defeating trump. i've always found the clintons soul less but trump has become the talking head of white suprema
. white supremacy is a tricky thing. ask any black/brown person caught up in the clintons' mass incarceration.
contrast bump in details in general in 7+ (left) but i actually like the midrange detailing a little better in 6s+...
upper range a little more blown out on the new camera
tfw you realize the place you grew up hating is super livable and very much your style
well it's also kind of caught up in some ways too
yea it's taking forever. snookie can't talk she fist pumping at supermarket
this dude must be in for 3.5m easily maybe even 4 .that stone expensive as hell
ok i really want to know: is sully weird considering that flight came out at the end of 2012
i still think flight is great &amp; underrated
election days come and go. but the struggle of the people to create a government which represents all of us and not just the 1% continues.
this is so dumb honey. we will lose the supreme court. we will lose our rights. wake up
yeah, all legit arguments against it. maybe as like a flashback or something?
flashback could work. or like i said, just as a cameo at the end of the last movie. i just can't imagine seeing brian as a...
like the blood of millions that are on clinton's hands?
here's a more relevant comparison:
really? you're defending , that panders to poc, for votes?! you are wasting your time
. i'm against corruption, systemic racism, and police brutality in any system. foh and stop dumbing shit down.
suddenly feeling depressed again and for no actual reason that i can see.
sometimes i have to think this is related to low vitamin b. wanna get mine checked
i'm not there this year! got working for me. so sad to miss you tho! hope you like the issue!
loved it!! so awesome!
every time an unarmed person is shot &amp; killed by police in america it should be a national emergency. it should never happen. happens daily.
agreed shaun. taking away guns isn't the answer.wringing the "alpha pussy we're the bosses"cops is where corrective action starts
the back of the jersey.
atta boy christian!
the asshurt is strong with this one.
definitely slipped in recent years but that shit is off-canon. note the editors notes.
i'll talk about it once more people have seen the ep, but the way they removed the crutch can be interpreted as a bit savage lol
i'm not even mad how savage it was. i just screamed finally when it happened.
i swear it's inhumane keeping beautiful intelligent creatures locked up like this
just for people to see them smh
are donald trump's controversies distracting voters from real issues?
stupid is as stupid does sir a 'donaldism' 2016 crs
have you had a look at can leverage azure app analytics tools for a lot of interaction data...
will take anothr look but thats a generic page - i don't think it provides analytics/engagement or messaging for bot builders
0.66" of rain in last half-hour. (mowed the lawn by 11:30 tho )
nothing in holland yet
...so the journalistic disaster would've been not hearing trump supporters on tv. pro trump guests do sometimes critique trump
on cnn, they're both caricatures. except lewandowski, who's on trump's payroll and shouldn't be on yours.
anyone who signs up on the packers season waiting list today will have to wait more than 1,000 years to get tickets.
people are living longer today. maybe they can freeze their bodies and wake up for the packers later.
one other factor - i see the rent situation only getting further out of hand in sf. makes sense to be there only after success.
having a lease means you'll know exactly how much you'll pay x years out (renewal clause)
getting pumped for season to start
char!!! you look awesome!!! miss you
"the betcha haven't read it list" by
thanks for contributing and sharing! happy weekend!
bog bang theory is back monday im excited haha.
yaayyy!! maybe bernie will have had the baby over the summer
what's labeled good and bad also changed over time... see christianity etc
this is the same lame reductionist rhetoric as in "linux is communism" mindset.
price bump happens tonight! get your tickets now!
where is it this year?
you dont know my life, dolphin
love that app!
back in the tank.
barbara as well! both are lovely
cc: isu wide receivers
to be fair to wrs, lanning put too much on those &amp; weren't great throws.
they're getting paid well to sell out their own people....
i bet that false graphics is being circulated by fans.-- just like lies
wow those two hours of just flew by! great show! keep up the good work we need more joy
this is always must see tv..no one on air that at i can think of quite like joy
drifting away
wave after wave
that's cute.
your an idiot. the governor took over the power of the mayor and then switched the water supply. get a brain.
flashback could work. or like i said, just as a cameo at the end of the last movie. i just can't imagine seeing brian as a...
full character again. i think it really would come off as a bit unnerving. he got a perfect send off.
it takes 30 years for a new idea to seep into the culture. via
this looks so !
&lt;trump troll in denial
hrc supporters are paid to call stein supporters "trump trolls". brilliant.
lol not surprised to be honest
sad but good they can figure they shit out
hug a child after collapsing.
she should be studied.anyone who makes that kind of miraculous recovery from pneumonia..is a medical miracle, or lying....
people would rather play other spt. the league does have a hand in that not necessarily the sport.
"people would rather play other sports." exactly. that's not racism.
little children actually upset the ape got arrested?
nah i never thought it was cool to touch people's property for likes an views .. he deserve what he's getting now
why, for the second saturday in a row, are all of my college football sports tier channels not available?
no sec network, big ten network, fs2?
congrats to on winning the anthony last night (on the same day my tpb of the killing kind arrived in the mail; coincidence?)!!
*sends paul all my books. waits for awards to come rolling in*
this is nit picky but idk if this is a good comparison. bannon's promoted stuff like that through breitbart and his radio show.
and foster is something promoted by rw blog, radio types for decades.
they do. but the times are different. the cause too.
nothing really changed rather it got worse
i lost it at "possum whisker brush." but my boy takes a no nonsense approach!
jesus, everyone should know to use a nutria hair brush. possum? wtf?
if we can't denounce then we have indeed normalize bigotry in america
it doesn't matter if you list her qualifications, they aren't smart enough to understand. they really are that stupid.
i hope santee alley has this shirt
pick me one up too sis
means follow friday :)
ah. ok. i thought it was a fisting reference.
that's cute.
briebart isnt a legitimate news site. don't be stupid
- he screwed you totally and you sit back now and say nothing - what the f !!!!
i guess he is low energy
on this day in 1859, joshua norton proclaimed himself emperor of the united states
he more qualified and a better leader than donald trump
it only took them decades. an ignorant, dangerous, racist, narcissist megalomaniac hiding his finances. "liar!" ooh.
nyt finally stepped up; ap courageously said "falsehood." come on guys, use the l word!
you are sick. you're attempting so hard to silence &amp; suppress me from building up 3rd parties.
. lol, hey every body i'm oppressing this poor little white girl from my twitter phone app.
foreigner headknocker rare, live 1978 sound and image
here you go try this one. all:went and saw these guys at oldcomisky park chicago and a little known ac-dc opened
you might understand that supporting the lattice ice40 is just one step in a longer strategy. there is a lot you can help.
totally agreed. let me know how 2 help. but 7680 lcs is less than the 12k in usrp1 from 14 yrs ago, so i can't use your work rt now.
that's important. i think lots of suburbs in the us should move toward arterials with fewer driveways &amp; parallel bike paths.
we have too many arterials. can't walk 1/4 mile without crossing 4-6 lane roads with 35+mph traffic.
"grass is greener" goes both ways - there are many variables to cost/benefit.
no "grass is greener" only applies to areas outside of sf in this convo
christian pulisic scores for dortmund. nice present for the american's 18th birthday tomorrow.
how come he doesn't have to play in college? players take a note.
i expect there are a good many lovely helmets in college football. all those young men. yum
lol smh. they don't call you naughty t for nothing! haha
supposed to but still having complications
complications on what? u eat poison? lol
every time an unarmed person is shot &amp; killed by police in america it should be a national emergency. it should never happen. happens daily.
these are the idiots 1m strong against 360m that will be learning under whoevers admin that this shi* is over.blk,wht,brn,&amp;yellow
happy birthday to my boy you still suck at madden
thanks man, still can't beat me in madden tho
essentials of the old testament: via
we all come from judaism..
we're looking for 13 people to join our team. be part of the magic, apply today
your mobile app is pretty amazing
and foster is something promoted by rw blog, radio types for decades.
still, has more credibility than blumenthal.
yesterday trump finished the "birther" movement. now if he would just finish the "trump" movement.
as soon as he wins...no worries
for real this time?? maybe the media should stop letting trump &amp; surrogates lie constantly on their networks no fact checks..
they do both. first print the lie, then call it out as fact check. you decide they say, that's fair and balanced
lmaoooo he tried to run off
man he should not even be tryin them. he's lucky mad people was there recording them.
...not a word from clinton. ..
when she gets out of her oxygen tent i'm sure she will chime in.
whatd i say
the major league soccer
beautiful. these kids will know where food really comes from.
they were soooo cute!
&lt;trump troll in denial
hillary is pro-war, pro-fracking, pro-death penalty, pro-wall st.
thanks for the retweets this week much appreciated! (free insight by
you're welcome jen! hope all is well!
that's cute.
you are smarter than this. trump is a liar can't you see that?
the founders are paying ourselves $0 salaries. our personal runways are affected located in sf. affects bottom line.
in that case i'd recommend raising $$. remove blockers for growth
signed up last night! thank you!
thank you! reach out and let me know what about it hits home for you. :)
the porn movies are wrong ... i've dropped the soap in the station house shower many times &amp; it's never started an orgy!
just swat another guy's butt with a wet towel ~ that will start the fire ball rolling!
i pray i find myself on the right path. grateful for my loved ones. if it wasn't for them i wouldn't be here. i owe them big time
so take it upon yaself to get on the right path bro only you can control what you doin.
late carter white house pastry chef albert kumin: "you must not taste only sugar. you must taste every ingredient..
albert kumin: "i am very fussy about the difference between good, very good and delicious."
tesla, the man destined for a nobel prize but everybody knew he was crazy so they ignored him
he was never destined for a noble prize. he was ignored because his theories proved to be wrong.
interesting, i'll start checking those out, thank you
no problem - i seem to get less and less news from television outlets. find these better
if we had a striker we would have scored 3x as many
in our formation? nope.
we now have a gop candidate "joking" about assassinating his opponent.
read this - it's called stochastic terrorism.
our thoughts are with the , the , and the innocent civilians who were shot last night in philadelphia.
this country is out of control- thanks ob you asshole!
i'm looking for a number of solo founders who've raised &gt;1m for their startups. is that you? i want to talk to you for a feature! (pls rt)
solo founders - email to haje.com please and i'll explain. thank you!
hey i'm here too! you here all day?
get a photo of you two!
hey so your past behavior is on my bullseye target now!
cool, let me know if you find anything fun
random, but thought i'd share lol
yes! it's my biggest shame that i'm not the heir to that fortune...
fading fast in wild-card race, lose friday a lot like they've lost all season.
hard to watch at this point. need new manager for 2017. thanks for following so i don't have to.
niggas snitched on the ape???
or he posted videos lol. snitched on himself you idiot
every time an unarmed person is shot &amp; killed by police in america it should be a national emergency. it should never happen. happens daily.
our cops are bis's collection/front line in the wwide $$$ collection ponzi for our bankrupt bank families 8yrs &amp; 43 more coming!!
have a few - how can i help?
email to haje.com please and i'll explain!
just remembered when i was 11 i would go into aol chat rooms to do real world rpgs &amp; i had a boyfriend whose screen name was drakefirebird23
cc we gotta pod this
thanks for indulging me. i counted 32 star trek:tos episode references out of 79. if nerdist doesn't hire me after this, they never will.
loved it! thanks!!
head of 's hajj delegation refuses to shake hands with 's king, the slaughterer of thousands of yemenis.
nobody else will stand for your convictions...... everybody has to fight their own demons and battles..... stand up
i hope this it catches up! don't really mind the tabs-spaces thing.... semicolons tho, hard to get rid of.
fill a file full of semicolons and then you can visit those little fellas whenever you miss 'em
boom drops the mic on the hillary/media's resurrection of . time to move on. it's over.
anything to prop up hillary
good morning!!
good morning beautiful! enjoy the weekend! xo
as in-movie tributes go, that one was as good as it gets.
it's almost as perfect as you can get, even with it breaking the fourth wall in a lot of ways. but it still makes me tear up.
out of town this weekend, but i strongly recommend 's comics programming at
. thank you! also s/o to fabulous committee calvin reid and
but really the acting imo wasnt the failing for lex is bvs. they didnt write his motivation very well.
yeah a lot of my dislike of eisenbergs lex is that i had no idea why he did anything.
have you had a look at can leverage azure app analytics tools for a lot of interaction data...
it doesn't exist, which is why we're building it. i'll do a screen share with you to show you the magic
why would sf be privileged? fyi i currently live in oakland.
because that's where all the new startups want to locate. best position in the bay area for x interactions
si if that is issue, go the subway route and walk down to 36th. price difference may be $10. i am not sure.
ok thanks!!!! i will see what elly wants to do when she gets here
so there is no gatekeeping. if there's demand for some content and you refuse to make it, someone else will.
because clicks, ratings and sales mean more than any possible objective view based on our media landscape
a white man's sport.
fine. so i can call nba a "black man's sport." 6x as many blacks as population %. is that "fair?"
or arabized?these muslims are not ethnic arabs.
african i know hate , converts on the other hand..??
white men make up 1/3rd of wells fargo's board of directors.
definitely do not care about their demos. the exec in charge who just resigned was females too. not the point
he sent me a bunch of snaps omg he's so cute
i was and still am so sorry i fell asleep again :( i got sleep today so tonight ill stay up all night with you babe &lt;3
ymbape arrested at kith today
dude tried to run after he walked right up to the police- smh
what the hell you talking about
never mind u nonce
thanks, man!
seriously, why have you been avoiding me &amp; the specific journal volumes you evidently knew i was going to read? not cool.
stop scheduling north dakota state nothing good can come from it. nothing!!!
you know why i'll never play call of duty w my students? because if i win i'm supposed to and if i lose they will tell everyone
. &amp; : thank you! imagine borges &amp; calvino on ! albee gone too.
i was typing albee just as i saw your tweet....and marion seldes could do the readings for all 3.
you don't think she's human? seriously?
taxonomically yes but it's not how she's perceived
but really the acting imo wasnt the failing for lex is bvs. they didnt write his motivation very well.
i also wasn't a big fan of him being so neurotic. it was annoying. nothing about him said strength.
can there just be one ripe avocado in the state of new jersey? i miss you, california....
yoy on delicious avocado eating since moving to cali
you know why i'll never play call of duty w my students? because if i win i'm supposed to and if i lose they will tell everyone
ndsu is like that.
i'm living in new york city for the next 6 weeks and it's shocking how much more culture and arts they have than la.
and this...
judicial watch announces a special presentation: 'clinton scandal update - emails and the clinton foundation'
wow maybe i should skip movie i was going to and see this instead.
my mom is really mad at me because i "never ask for anything" ... i'm lost.
"me and my wife want loubs"
does raid ant and roach killer also work on spiders? i'm guessing yes
hair spray takes everything down.. but i'm guessing u wouldn't have a spare can of aqua net.
to be fair... it's the nature of things. who is ever confident about their own pens?
true - i was with holty
fbi, homeland security, state and local law enforcement investigating blast at nj marine charity run
where is the defense team america
just stopped myself from making a morbid joke. i'll let you fill in the gaps yourself
"hey siri, what's in the box?"
there are reasons why a good # of ppl choose not to do something. aa not playing isn't.bcause they aren't good enough.
they're potentially good enough. but they don't play. so they're not in it. so tell them to play. or quit whining.
people with read receipts are the real mvps
they are the fakes
so desperate=&gt;&gt;george stephanopoulos: pepe the frog 'well-known symbol of the white supremacist movement'
oh yeah, he is just another character you'd see on sesame street or something. alt-rw thinks they can slip in dog whistles.
why florida's republican governor could cost donald trump the election
because he is a good example of what happens when you put a corrupt businessman in a government leadership position?
nothing much sorrier than a candidate for president encouraging his nut-job followers to assassinate his opponent. he's one sorry bastard.
and it's actually happened before. called stochastic terrorism. isis uses it. trump
successful vcenter 5.5 to vcsa 6.0 upgrade using the new tool. had a little trouble migrating the inventory service but all good!
glad to hear it!
i'm cheesin so hard
i literally never smile w teeth so sams
but seriously, what do the *experts* have to say about ... oh, i see.
problem being that--just as in the uk recently--trumpkins don't trust experts and don't care what they say...
i think it's important, but i'm a little exhausted by the months-long rolling media debate we've been having about journalism and trump.
that debate may end up lasting quite a bit longer...
i downloaded it. i hope to get it deployed next week
cheers thom
definitely! looks amazing though. all said &amp; done he is spending some serious $. love to see inside after furnished etc.
i think 10k sq ft . pretty big
i'm cheesin so hard
i literally never smile w teeth so same
this is how liberty dies. fuck it, i'm moving to the u.k. 'constitutional dictatorship' eyed
maybe this is the scenario you always wanted? think of it. us goes in for humanitarian reasons, and the rest writes itself...
a country is no longer sovereign if it consciously chooses 2 no longer defend its borders
when it loses it's morality and shame.. voter apathy allowing crooks to govern.
if you can stomach it
i'm already voting for the witch, this is salt in the wound
gabby giffords urges trump to renounce gun comments
gabby, trump is a selfish person, using media using anyone to benefit himself. dont waste your energy!
never saw the movie, but the book is great. incredibly lyrical as a read-aloud, too.
i really enjoyed the movie! i'm going to have to add the book to my to read list.
just 5.7 percent of clinton foundation budget actually went to charitable grants via
those are the correct numbers!
looking forward to read
thanks:) it will look at the failure of the opposition to forge a path forward. lets see!
ikr! lol they're so lucky
we should've had ours at rockin jump
lol you this year
lmfao omg yes
this dinosaur bbq is apparently the thing everyone tries so we'll give it a go.
it's good. i've been multiple times. it's probably the only redeemable thing about syracuse
you're absolutely gorgeous ok
thank you beautiful
just got an email about the exam on tuesday and there are 3 chapters on it that were never on the syllabus. love her.
but this also explains why her homework never had answers you can find from the text.
this country is out of control- thanks ob you asshole!
woops, forgot my pic
when your bot failed and your super sour
you think that?
well sometime today i will become a grandfather for the forth time making it two boys and two girls.
best time in life.
um up 14-0 on kaaya to njoku td pass. this is what great canes teams once did, go in hostile environment, thoroughly deflate home crowd.
love the game plan so far. that's what a legit staff can do.
thanks for the , david! visit us for good books, great pics &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music:
adam, thanks for the ! we have goodies for you! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" at
you should not feel bad; he would make 90% of us look like his lil bro. hook'em
i'm 6-2 and this is just ridiculous lol
"whole elbow in my cup... heard you!"
lmaoo facts. dipped your whole elbow in my shit!! i hope your elbow got lit
what new plan ?
trade in your current phone an get the 7
lmaooo . bro i told i was in so much awe at the moon the past two days . fucked me up lol
i love the moon lol i be staring at it all night
mike pence releases health details | getty
god gives him eternal life!
when was the last time we won after being down to 10 men?! (for any length of time)
qpr away in 2013/14 i reckon. gorkks sent off but we won 3-1
so how do i lose weight for this casting tomorrow
tell me when u figure it out bc i have one coming up
yes! that's so amazing! thanks for sharing! will you be with tomorrow at ?
i will be! see you there? i'll probably be there around 11 or noon.
definitely! looks amazing though. all said &amp; done he is spending some serious $. love to see inside after furnished etc.
i'm still looking for his twtr handle . make sure he legit
agreed. trump is too far left for my liking. but consider the alternative.
consider this: "scoop" jackson was a dem.
and birther-ism? really? at this point? who cares. media is just so silly, hardly worth a dime, good thing it's free on the internet.
for calling out his lies and racist pandering for what it is? it's about time media treats him like they treat hillary.
"what we've seen is the economy getting better for ordinary folks" - in this week's edition of :
the facts are mediocre can't get better under the policies of this administration especially when you break the laws
can't imagine this is true. really?
for major surgeries. it's because costs are much lower and most mexican dentists trained in the us.
putting my film reviewer hat on for a second. my feelings about blair witch: it was okay.
i feel like it's mostly good if it's the late 90s and you actually believe it's real. when you know it's fake.. eh.
why can't we write safe programs? founded in 1896, 54 years after the first program, focuses on life safety.
well, to be fair, it's not like buildings are safe against people with exploits (c4) either
yes, america, this is the election where hillary's cough gets more furious coverage than trump asking people to shoot her.
scarily it's happened before in an election. called stochastic terrorism. and isis uses it too.
it's an insult to our stonewall history, for starters...
your readers could take a hint from us, bridging the divide instead of demonizing entire groups of people.
visiting grandchildren with contagious pneumonia
no concern for others just cash...
the way children pick up animals stresses me out
or when u pick up animals
everybody better go wish this guy a happy birthday.
hahah ooh that second one though.
last time we played texas people sent me two or three pics of graffiti at places i did not go to lmao
and then avi got mistaken for me a few times look people just cause we're small brown asian people...
a race to benefit u.s. marine corps is called off after a device explodes in a trash can
wow, our runs away from battle! this is a decision.
ugh, gotta be more accurate
he helped set that up by handing it off on several earlier options
hey, media. he's used you for years, laughs at you now. you have 50 days to fix this.
the joke will really be on those who vote for him expecting a "greater" america (for them).
it's been a while since i've gone fishing..lets see how this goes.
i grew up fishing. especially w/ catfish, blue gills, &amp; striped bass. i didn't care if i had to unhook the fish's mouth myself..
but this also explains why her homework never had answers you can find from the text.
her exams are cumulative. no multiple choice. always tricky and big on tiny semantic details which you will not see and get it wrong.
happy batman day, everyone! this is when i tell you guys i thought dark knight was overrated and where are all of you going
this is it. this is the take that ruins it.
. if someone follows you today, they will probably wait that long to see you make a good tweet.
oh my goodness.
they all are. they have all forgotten it was hillary who started the birther movement.
they haven't forgotten they are covering it up.
needed it and feared the worst for us tbh when we went down to 10 men , all of them put a cracking shift in today
definitely a great feeling seeing your team dig in a man down!
deadspin classic: espn will never, ever do this again
looks like someone yanked the video from yt. anyone repost?
can't tell how good it feels to see all the nice comments about the new music. put all my heart into this stuff. thank you
it all sounds so good , i'm so excited for the release oh my gosh
he must have slammed your hat because you sound real hurt. get staticky
nah just think it's corny to touch other people's properties for likes and views
don't know what i'd do without my tap gurl!! miss you so much and hope you had an awesome bday!!!!
aww thank you!!! miss you
maybe bring in a brother as his onscreen family could work but might just feel forced.
that would be better. though, if they do plan to go back to brian's father as the final villain (russell), that could explain...
'megalomaniac' trump vs. 'deceitful' clinton: how virginia voters see the presidential race
i wish the media would stop perpetuating this nonsense by repeating trump's lies. hrc is not a liar. djt is!
s/o to for showing me the video even though i couldn't get it perfectly
dude!!! i wanna try this when i get home haha.
metrics are a sharp tool. don't poke your eye out.
four space indentation god damn it.
apparently there's going to be an "edm tent" at this year so
alternate image for that tweet
and the pouting lips neutralizes all that? hehe
that and more. it's the answer to society's greatest problems
jackson is going to win the heisman and louisville is going to be in the playoff. i want to drink bleach.
same but i'm mixing it with ammonia first.
yep, that's what people will be doing with all the copies the day after trump wins. it'll be too embarrassing to keep them.-vj
cops and co's don't supports crooks &amp; frauds not here in nyc. nypd &amp; nyc/doc
thank you so much! that means so much to us
your do welcome.my pleasure
i grew up fishing. especially w/ catfish, blue gills, &amp; striped bass. i didn't care if i had to unhook the fish's mouth myself..
now that i spent some time not eating fish i'm probably going to feel bad as soon as i see it struggling.
do you hear the heart beat in 's music? woah!
"1,324 is the number of faxes physicians get each day in the us" -
we've thought of that :) we will raise money at the right times and right amounts and will (re)consider location as appropriate.
if you're considering not being in sf bc of minor cost then you have the wrong mindset
trump may want the birther issue to go away, but it will always be part of his history. the latest by
yes!.so whatweallneedu&amp;otherjournalist&amp; politicalcommentators2doisforcefully challenge/callout bullshit4once
i added it to the acme labelmaker. those e's are ug lee.
omg ugh. i think it's only good in all caps.
caught your attn.
yeah and only me, i only wrote back because i felt sorry for you.
lol, he probably has us blocked...
first thing he asked if im dan shapiro . he said he blocked me 2 months ago . how rude
changing the law won't get us anywhere since the cats who are taking the money write the laws this is on us to throw um out
there has been bipartisan agreement on this, but it is a minority. plus you've got scotus issues.
hey everybody, this bitch thinks i'm white, any1 non-black skinned = white, yet she herself supports white supremacy
. i don't know what race you are but you act like a racist, sexist fool like a lot of bernie's white supporters.
that would be better. though, if they do plan to go back to brian's father as the final villain (russell), that could explain...
why they're thinking this route. because that was actually, from what i've heard, the original intent of this last trilogy.
yep. which was great to see after last week
radcliff running great
my hair cycle: decent haircut: 3 months ignoring hair/trimming my own bangs: 3-9 months oh god get it off my head: 8 nanoseconds repeat.
made an appt but it's 3 weeks out. last night i was actually contemplating whether i still had 's thinning shears anywhere...
is there a national secular alternative to ?
as someone with two young boys, i hope so by the time they're of scouting age.
right? "they do this long list of great things, sure, but i wanna be outraged!!!"
it's the business model and it blows
yea ya appetite changes the first day you hit a blunt even if you stop smoking
exactly lol and eating only when you high is bad for ya body . so when you don't smoke it picks back up and u gain weight
didn't get any sleep because mother nature decided to stab me in the uterus
feel better sis! can't wait to see you tonight!
a bit amazed to see my corp-slow for 2.4ghz and corp-fast for 5ghz ssid recommendation here at a mall in zagreb.
i use a version of this st home
fasho i got work today what y'all gettin into today or tonight bro?
shit i think we fuckin wit some club in san fran
lmao nothing on the internet is original
technically nothing is "original"
fucking pussy rat
you might be retarded so i feel bad
having a quiet weekend trying to catch up on all the projects. how's the revising coming?
it's coming. slowly. but it's crunch time!
jeff tweedy read the lyrics to "my humps" at a comedy show w/ such an audibly ironic wink that garden state became self-aware
garden state begins to learn at a geometric rate. it becomes self-aware at 2:14 a.m. eastern time, august 29th.
you can always tell when someone has blatantly lifted someone else's tweets for dem rts because the delivery just isn't as pretty.
i've a good load of comedians who follow me. i know they lift my shit!
why they're thinking this route. because that was actually, from what i've heard, the original intent of this last trilogy.
of course, 7 was significantly reworked, and mr. nobody's character changed too. so, who knows if they'd go that way now.
hillary thinking: what's wrong with me? why does nothing ever work out? why am i reduced to talking about birtherism
will be a three time presidential loser like john mccain.
sad because and left back to davis for school &amp; they've been my friends everyday this summer. i miss you guys
we're gonna miss you too come visit!
now that i spent some time not eating fish i'm probably going to feel bad as soon as i see it struggling.
fish are friends.
her exams are cumulative. no multiple choice. always tricky and big on tiny semantic details which you will not see and get it wrong.
i need cocoa infused dairy.
is that (clear thinking) still possible when all the facts are not out yet (eg: who led the coup attempt)
of course it is. the article is on aftermath.
yesterday trump finished the "birther" movement. now if he would just finish the "trump" movement.
hillary's motivated, with her eye on the goal- the white house stemware and linen she's unstoppable. call me deplorable
country or islanders: how do you root?
root for great hockey..no one getting hurt...and your country
say hi to doug eby for me
absolutely will! you know how much i idolize the way y'all think and work
oh because i put 'the' before it...
lmao yeah i'm just messing with ya, it's a bad habit of mine to say that too lol
this really a chance we can be with out both?
both expected to play
if you don't pass your values on to your kids, someone else will. - frank sonnenberg
follow the path in their given society and time.
for major surgeries. it's because costs are much lower and most mexican dentists trained in the us.
so if you don't have dental insurance, like many people on pensions for example, mexico is apparently the go to
haha yes duh!
agreed with that. but maximizing for x interactions is not necessarily the best course of action.
that's what you do early stage - ceo is storyteller to investors/employees/customers
rt : . joins on "barack the vote" campaign in honor of pres. obama.
. clintons ran a racist campaign against obama in 2008. bragged about the "white vote"
something special bout poly girls n tita buns. nothing else quite like it..and now the world will know
i noticed that bun too in the trailer lol
i threw out all my milk and became a vegan. i hope you bullies are happy.
very phi phi of you
the goal is to make sure neither him or her see the inside of the white house again...
they robbed it once already..
just downloaded by todd, you guys should also download it... its amazing..
thank you so much cutie! means a lot to me!!
come on it's the joker
lmfao other than the joker.
actually i think it would make a fantastic popup art piece/restaurant but i don't have the bandwidth to do it myself
subscribing to the mailing list, i will totally work &amp; co-consipre for this event/performance
for how much ? what if it's cracked up ?
it's no good if it's cracked. get ya screen fixed first then it's valid.
just saw that you gave a workshop at today! sad to miss it. when is the next gmp's workshop you're giving? thx!
hi! this class again in the spring. check nyiofaroma for class schedule.
"i fuckin love mashed potatos bro"
i cried over wanting a baked potato once
don't you complain mr! i been praying for this. rt : y ete maldita frio
i love the cold but i wasn't ready i was downstairs in nike slides and shorts lol
on 9/6/06, i signed up for the season ticket holder waiting list. moved down 13,745 spots in 10 years!
in the next 10 years we'll be lucky if football is still a thing
i apologize for the bad experience. please follow/dm your account #/phone #, address and i would be happy to assist you. ^cd
thanks. sent info.
then why bring it up?
i'd be willing to bet the lob managers were white guys. i do think diversity counts.
yep your lit did well today too barnsley have been playing well so to beat them there was good
was expecting a disappointing day to be honest but the boys proved me wrong! lovely stuff
lol, he probably has us blocked...
twtr traders piss on this house . wouldn't even leave their dogs in that trash
syrian state media reports israeli airstrikes against regime positions in the quneitra province
from what i read, israel assigning responsibility to assad regime regardless of which party fired rocket. was it actually saa?
happy birthday reide, love and miss you. have to come visit fisher soon
hahaha great pics, thanks chloe! come to the fish soon
so you promote snitching on him? let them niggas handle there's. kids was begging him to slam their hats foh.
no one snitched there's multiple videos of him assaulting and violating people's property. are you a moron?
i went back and listened to it but i didnt say it was wack because it wasn't today's music
same. i didn't outwardly diss it. even rocked with some of it. t-ski valley still goes. haha.
i'm explaining my view as a black person &amp; you're telling me i'm whining. cool.
i'd be telling u that u were whining now matter what color u are. i deal in issues, not colors.
no need to be anywhere near sf. the internet makes geography disappear. don't be a sucker
incorrect. more consolidation happening over last 10 years to bay area
just played high uno with my girlfriend &amp; roommate and that shit was hella fun lol.
you gotta hit the blunt every time you have to pick up! draw 2, draw 4, or just having to pick up until you have a card to put down.
oh how i can relate. thank you for the belly...
no, thank you! i'm waist deep in laundry right now &amp; my kid is playing angry birds in the nude. i needed a pick me up.
for how much ? what if it's cracked up ?
&amp; it's a 24 month payment of like 30 depending on which phone u get
we bout that action boss
have a blessed day my brotha... hope you jump into the blackhole this sunday.
so this happened last night. . san francisco's mission district. saturday september 17, 2016.
oh no! i'm sorry, that's awful.
this was ur response to my propping up 3rdparty:
. so? how is that oppressive? young folks ignorance of political history and rhetoric is partly why bernie lost
oooh they hate getting outfoxed. roadrunner versus wyle e. coyote
media has lost all trust..
so momma dubz brain surgery got moved up a day. it will be sept 22nd. 2 part surgery. just wanted to update and thank you
hope everything goes well bro. good luck to her.
is go with golden. i made a bold move and dropped my kc defense for minnesota this weekend against gb
it's a tough one ! i have cooper and will fuller and my wr 1 and 2 just don't know who to put in the flex!
you gotta hit the blunt every time you have to pick up! draw 2, draw 4, or just having to pick up until you have a card to put down.
however many times you pick up, is how many times you gotta hit the blunt.
nasa found a white dwarf acting as a magnifying glass in
that's crazy.
i'm explaining my view as a black person &amp; you're telling me i'm whining. cool.
you're looking 4 excuses, as opposed to reasons. i'm sure if more aas played baseball, more would be in mlb. they don't.
does this mean ariel is a guy????
thems fightin words boy!!!
clinton foundation spent barely 6 percent on charitable grants in 2014:
please keep djt on message. they are trying to drag him into their swamp of lies and deception.
real story is he wanted his turkish mate tillem to replace him without need for proper preselect process
don't be ignorant &amp; ill-informed. that turkish mate is a friend of mine &amp; my chief of staff
and i are getting smashed with smash and all we can think is why is not here
i'll always be with you
i really don't understand why you would ever schedule north dakota state
you either get upset or get a win over a d2 team so it doesn't look good either way
again trump implicitly dog-whistled for hillary's murder. right wing has done this before in a 11/63 dallas flyer
it's actually happened before.
very true, but i don't think that fact affects my point or argument.
it wasn't private industry that cleaned up pharmaceuticals and it wasn't done with a best practices mandate.
us regulators: official recall of 1m samsung note 7 phones read more:
invents the terror weapon of the 21st century
no it is not. a large number of students and alumni are repulsed by this.
some would call the ppl pictured here "deplorable"
no one snitched there's multiple videos of him assaulting and violating people's property. are you a moron?
cops have task force looking on social media .. incriminating yourself is dumb
finally got through all the friend request on snap...better late than never.
happy saturday!!! don't crash anymore social networks.. hehe!!
over the last two years i've started to think that hips don't lie might be an even better pop track than toxic
but that special k cover
clinton foundation spent barely 6 percent on charitable grants in 2014:
keep pimping bullshit for your ur army of inbreds real story directly does charity work
don't you just hate when facts get in the way of your bias? i hate that!
"facts have a well-known liberal bias." -
yo brooklyn! judas priestess take the stage at the indian larry grease monkey block party 70 n...
can't wait to go for the music and some more picks like these:
hey maysay have a great saturday, hope you do well at grand ole opry, and plz remember my birthday (september 27th)
in a nice way
flat tires aren't as prevalent as they once were, but they do happen. learn more.
when will you guys create an app for iphone and androids?
your do welcome.my pleasure
and thank you for the follow
transgender students in michigan just got big helping hand from the state
when i was in school there were no transgender, was it to convention they had surrendered?
however many times you pick up, is how many times you gotta hit the blunt.
play dis with yo friends and get high af
and i are getting smashed with smash and all we can think is why is not here
i'll always be here with you
people finding out who lamar jackson is week 3
buy giants tickets from me
this was one of my drink mix ideas. i figured it would come good.
girlllllll i'm bout to fuck it up tonight.
live on : coffee with scott adams
you look sick. where's your young nurse that i've seen in your other periscope broadcast
dear garfield high school. we are so proud of you. you are the best example in our country.
courageous young men, all of them.
that subculture is just different. he's a part of it. that's their business to handle like men.
okay but if law enforcement see that on line they will act on . committing crimes on camera is snitching now?
sausage party was one of the worst movies i've ever seen.
dude they spent 10 years making that movie
taking the drillpress to francine's old iphone case until we can get her a new one.
you know that looks insane, right? :)
yo but forreal utah and asu and oregon state are all extremely gettable. we can def be 4-2 at the break.
...not joking wow why didn't i realize that earlier we really are playing with house money today boys
over the last two years i've started to think that hips don't lie might be an even better pop track than toxic
sorry local h
you probably mentioned that you had a loss... insta block. will not be tolerated
dude the house that was just built a cross street from me , last name gambino . no joke . when they close its public record lol
why is it that whenever an injured kid is (relatively) calm, the parent is hysterical?
kid doesn't have to pay the bill?
supercut video shows just how persistently trump perpetuated a racist lie about president obama
obama's parents started conspiracy to get their baby elected president in 1961 by buying ads of hawaii birth in honolulu papers. so obvious.
look at this! i'm so excited! tickets are on sale now! go get 'em!!!
got mine! see you on april 12th!
lol yeah probably forever
rip rockin hump
disagree - cost is a factor. would be less of an issue if sf weren't the most expensive city in the us. maximize long-term gain.
no, maximize short/long term growth. rent for 2-5 employees is cheap compared to your goal of $1b+ eventual valuation
this. have been saying this for years. hs is true example of emperor having no clothes :(
have heard many stories of engineers getting hired there only to do no real work
happy birthday pretty girl!! miss and love you lots, xoxo
thanks gabily &amp; miss ya too
imagine hearing this in a dolby movie theater !
consider it
thanks for showing me your true colors: btw, educational tip for you: native people are not white.
. how do i know you're native? and even if you are you act ignorant, sexist, and racist with your name calling.
just listened to the vtf lp instrumentals damn this is nice
about damn time!
what was your name again bro?
it doesn't matter what his name is boobs he's a hata
i doubt she is really his daughter (that's why she hasn't shown her birth certificate) so it's ok.
i don't think any of his kids look like him...
happy birthday maria hope your day is more than wonderful let it be fantastic !
omg thank you so much!!!! i hope ur doing well too!!!
for tomorrow? i'm already going
nah next week, bears or bengals
come visit for a fair and balanced discussion of american prosperity going forward. now
until we address our debt .we will doom ourselves..
was giving a talk . tripped down 2 steps coming off stage. ankle sprain. ouch now.
oh, gosh! that's horrible! what's your gp say?!
omg so the ppl are watching this just sent in via text to messymonday (we can't &amp; wont say names)
it's not news to me. they've always had a connection. i love zach but they were meant for each other
totally agree&gt; midwife experience is better.. keep obgyn for emergencies
i agree 100%!
i need cocoa infused dairy.
you ever had a chocolate cheese based spread?
that one mid-season, overhyped saturday night game that i catch after a few beers is the extent of my college football watching.
or if i'm really feeling a particular oregon jersey.
ready to hear from mark hurd? tag and to ask him your questions at openworld!
how many new cloud services are launched this year @ ?
o yea y'all fucking around what time niggas gettin up to the game i think we gone be up there like 10 or 11
same shit im tryna get loaded smoke good and eat
imma be back for a weekend sometime this month. gonna hit up the fam when i do
yay i'll have blunts and booze to celebrate
under the red hood
how i wish they would make it into a live action movie but they might mess it up. :/
touring the bluffton boys &amp; girls club for potential service activities
great work we sponsored the boys and girls club in the kids need our help
what you'll miss when you move from the bay area
won't miss the asinine ideas of the city sups or the high costs that drive locals out ink to be replaced by techies
they'll accept mv in the end if dt fails. spanos will never join kroenke. no way.
they haven't and they won't
live on : major announcement from
i that trump "dropped the mic" after addressing the birther issue! took him only a ny minute to put it 2 rest!
if you're in nyc check out my brotha
love that song love
no, coffee cake
the advent of the coffee cake as a way to make eating cake for breakfast acceptable was humanity's greatest achievement
i worked at wfc from 08-12 left primarily because of these practices. it cut across gender lines, managers were most guilty.
heard a lot about the sales culture over there. it sucks. is set from above.
pretty sure ape wasn't on the cops radar nor is there any way they knew he was at kith. means someone snitched
pretty sure he's been doing this shit for months and cops aren't dumb. regardless he had to kno it wld happen eventualy
ya don't have to look up to me, but i'd be happy to be friends, haha!
haha appreciate that response. would love to be friends!
except for the charm, wit, good looks and intelligence, reminds me so much of from
a cartoon for our evolving .
serious question: how are you people not sick to death of talking abt hillary/trump? i'm going to poke my eye out. then probably yours. o.o
so so with you
kick coverage needs to be better
yep hasn't been good at all. did you notice that seth dawkins was replaced as a kick returner?
yes doing that shit on camera is now evidence but let's not act like feds was building a case on this nigga. that's not real.
never said they were but if enough people complain .. supreme store / security probably complained . i
yep, that's what people will be doing with all the copies the day after trump wins. it'll be too embarrassing to keep them.-vj
officers don't support crooks frauds or cons we lock them up here in nyc
i've been awake since 0800 yesterday, it's now 1740. i think i should probably get some sleep.
bud it's time to take a restoril/xanax/clonapin, + drink water, plus st john's wort or valerian caps/melatonin. get thee to bed!
snapchat is not owned by facebook
yeah you are right. my bad.
so, you have accepted the truth?
i've accepted the truth that you are part of the rebel alliance and a traitor.
this is particularly key, &amp; the part us cities miss most. h/t
interesting that under slowing cars he mentions chicanes, which i didn't see, and not speed humps, which are all over the place.
do not let your dog shit on their lawn...
my neighbor algo will fuck him up
new site is up! or fb&gt; inkandfirevegan , tattoos, fumage, paintings and more! cruelty free
awesome art
after trump's reversal, prominent birthers want to move on
translation: one wrote, we'll renew these lies later. let's just get the liar elected.
25 is the num of meetings my personal assistant, amy ingram, scheduled for me this month. what's yours?
super solid! i can see you catch me, if i don't pay attention :-)
ya might wanna check out my profile
curiouser and curiouser... :)
i think i'm in the right place.
drooling over here. i hope it's as good as it sounds.
why is kansas football a thing?
nolan cromwell. . oh, gale sayres
bedford market in wheel has gas for $2.48 a gallon. theres a 10 gallon limit. get it while you still can
lmao tennessee is going to hell
guess u didn't watch ole miss game
totally different animal out there
happy birthday to one of the loves of my life even though i might not text back i still make her fluff
she might have a new gf but i was and always will be her favorite shes just too nice to tell yall
update: he's actually doing pretty well i'm proud
this is so stressful
you ever had a chocolate cheese based spread?
not savoury kind of cheese. just straight up lactose. the only reason i'll try to venture inside a russian supermarket.
new york's football team. please continue to associate them with the statue of liberty.
of course. an excellent and logical addition to the big ten.
some pho rn wow lmfao thanks for the craving
lmao my bad i'm also craving , there's a spot in chinatown on mott ave that had the best pho
so scowled at for having pneumonia. let's see how he covers calling for her murder.
it's a sad example of media bias.
i find this hard to believe.
i didn't think it would work either but it tastes like magic to me - and i do like strong sorrel with lots of spices. lit
he's amazing
i'm rewatching coven cause of emma roberts tho
kick coverage needs to be better
lj made a real nice throw to reggie in the flat while under pressure on 3rd down last drive
what do you check first in the morning? my order is: email twitter skype
just twitter lol
a lot of that perception has to do with the unrelenting negative coverage, wouldn't you say?
it's her. she says and does damaging things all the time. deplorables and pneumonia in one weekend.
nobody important
clearly since you think it's too early for excision
. &amp; i played at the and it was wonderful, i want play it again with (drunk) friends!
you could enjoy twt more if you punch/kick/push physically your friends while playing the game.
i woulda went for it
lol y'all don't want to be down 21-0 this early bro
you keep judging me by my skin color and saying it doesn't meet your standards?! come live a day in my life, fool
. you started the racist innuendo about black ppl &amp; sexist name calling against us just b/c we disagree w/you
polls show 10-15% of the population likes obama but not hillary, a viewpoint that seems absent from politics twitter and punditry.
and the reverse? guessing there is at least some
thanks for sending this over - you're a
any update on helping me get my pkg?
girls with shrill voices behind me in line. that guy you're talking about wasn't actually impressed w/ how much x-men you know. he wants .
her: "i like wolverine" him: "yea. me too bb. let's turn these bright lights down." her: "k. oh. and magneto is so mean"
would not surprise me at all. his wife sleep with other men! google it
he is creepy...he has such a dumb looking face...a dumb,creepy, leprechaun!
hahahaha, he may think your doing surveillance. ton monitors, never leave house during day....hmmmm
yea house arrest
very important: ios10 has party parrot
insta download
a lot of that perception has to do with the unrelenting negative coverage, wouldn't you say?
there's a reason for negative coverage- plenty of negative material
people are out here looking cute in dresses and shorts and i'm in fucking sweats
theyre purpose tour sweats tho so its okay -ari
roller coaster of love !
that track reminds me of
males should stop wearing makeup and women clothing. case closed.
just because your society is intolerant don't project it on us.
lmao! you are too much matthew!
maybe i'm not doing enough, queen.
girl i'm going through it as we speak
lmaoo i really hate tht fucking game
giordano's hobotips: national monuments are prime dumpster-diving opportunities, swing by right after lunch time
love the a lanyard so everyone knows it's al
her entire presidency is just going to consist of her stealing jokes from twitter
she's gonna lose the favstar guy bloc
ima see what archie tryna cuz i'm tryna eat before too we gone have some gas and a bottle fasho tho
aite thats a bet hit my phone when u free up 6198851016
good news people. i finally booked a job! short, one day gig. can't wait to share!
congrats!
hard to watch this defense against him without dj3
no doubt he's the best defender in college but this game could get outta hand real quick
sorry for the typos, rushing.
no worries. it happens to me, very often. have a nice day !!
this is beautiful
ivanka said 'makes exec's out of the blue collar" then why doesn't he have 1 story like this? she has many
yes, but it was just a twitter convo, not a major public discussion. i've known &amp; a long time.
if you have an issue with me, we should discuss face to face. you know, like friends.
and here is nyc subway map.
thanks so much i'll message you if i have any questions if that's okay
after trump ends birtherism flap, "dandy" don lemon declares "this won't help with black community"
he's a hater.
adopted? i'm not a filipino citizen. would i not get charged for kidnapping? haha!
!canadian ka and us ako. where both worlds meet!pwede na! i'm legal so no kidnapping charges! promise
i remember once waking up on the floor of edward albee's carpeted living room . i was naked and next to me was a...
jim, what can i do to help with writing your memoirs? let's start by compiling your tweets and fb posts!
hits the wr in the hands and he doesn't catch. can't peg that on dobbs. good lord.
agreed. literally bounced off his facemask.
show the bronx some love ..
nah, that show is a bastardization of our culture by the same wypipo that want us out.
had a ball with you !- enjoy ya b day sexy
i'm in ny i want to buy you all lunch
i don't know how he does wwtlf and smgo back to back... i'm in awe... 7 years later!
ikr !! and with the extreme heat and humidity ,it's mind blowing !!
which is best selfie of according to you? reply &amp; rt
my fav is third one
i really can't believe i tweeted these lyrics from the scarlet pimpernel musical
you're an angel princess unicorn ray of light and i wouldn't change a thing
(though realise it's pricey - sorry!)
thank goodness for libraries!
excited to head to san francisco tomorrow for with ! will you be near moscone this week?
yessir! let's grab coffee.
i always knew there was something a little off about kermit
do none of you know froooggyyyy
what if -- bear with me -- what if it's just really hard to win on the road against a very good fbs team?
and stony brook is still a good football team within its own division? what if?
"y'all don't want no cheese!?" carly and i have been ordering the same pizza for like a year and still.
note to self never eating pizza w/u guys ever
how is this even close lol
they need to up the computer animation, if they can do an hulk, surely they can do mcenroe better.
"any history that does not include [african american] history is not american history; it's white history"
-this is so true!
he is a giant racist baby
it didn't hit me until this morning. but, trump reminds me of the bully in this clip:
maybe this is the scenario you always wanted? think of it. us goes in for humanitarian reasons, and the rest writes itself...
although, hillary will probably be more for intervention &amp; overthrow of governments than trump.
niz is so overrated.
take that back
but that citroen van is pure hipster bait :)
i will take their money!
keep not playing him buck!
ha yep. i like having him and bourn in lineup, alvarez too. unfortunately somebody sits when trumbo out there. pearce vs lefty
we had to tag team that one to fit everything :-) great end to the conf.
agreed! wonderful closing night!
what's your goal? for me, watch was suggesting to lower move goal from 530 to 470 for a while which was pretty motivating :)
it was telling me to move up to 500+, but i only jumped from 400 to 450 for now. baby steps to ensure i keep this up.
happy 100th birthday to the national museum of the american indian !
thanks so much! we look forward to the next 100 and beyond.
especially when we doin dumb ass shit like that lmao
facts just given em yds
i dunno why all my pics looked like i had the worst time at disney but i had a blast. back today!
lol these are kind of hilarious
democrats now worried clinton can lose
clinton never had a chance, and she didn't know it. sorta like a dinosaur.
deplorables is accurate, but may be damaging (i disagree).pneumonia is human. she shouldn't get sick? this can't be serious.
she hid it then lied - it's not the sickness itself
keep not playing him buck!
only, when healthy. kim should get all the vs righties starts.
rt &amp; tag a friend to win save 17%! code: sept1787
happy !! u-s-a!
since it's so hard to find on the web site
a superb analysis of a completely dysfunctional organization. well done.
getting kids offers from georgia tech ain't no reason you have to leave nyc save that bs
i agree do your thing on the court and in the classroom. i had 3 go d1 last season. way to go jose!
the media really doubled-down on the headphone jack stuff for iphone 7. i'm not sure i ever cared-have used apple's earbuds since orig ipod
would agree if i didn't often use headphones on my mac and iphone. forces me to carry two pairs. :/
my solo exhibit, "not my business", is on view as part of the london design festival.
congrats! i wish i could go check it out
so pretty much everyone who is a new celeb (actor,model,singer,chef,designer) today is the offspring of an already famous person.
haha updated response "this is kind of how it always has been"
change that june9th ya bday been passed
weak!! i forgot it was there dont come for me
billie needa toss his phone w all dem emojis
lmfaooo yeah he really needs to chill
perspective.
looks relaxing! (and hard)
amazing to hear it is not just the that is still beholden to the faxes..
ditto for canada
my last 10k egg hatched a snorlax :)
maybe i should re buy utah ... have your luck rub off on me ;)
carole king's tapestry is also only $5.99 if you need it. (yes, i was too lazy to get out my cd)
love that album!
bb on my waist i be killin fashions
bb saggin flyer than a dragon
gonna rifle off some things i don't like real quick while they're on my mind... - bitstrips (live in the real world idiot) - boomerang
- loud ass fuckin chain saws while youre trying to sleep in - dry grass
i need to start getting ready to head to kennys. but yet i'm sitting on the couch eating a milky way wishing it was a man.
y'all having twink day without me ? so rude
you can just block me and it won't show up anymore. either way is fine.
why would i block you when i'm in love with you
on this day in 1859, joshua norton proclaimed himself emperor of the united states
he was more qualified and a better leader than donald trump
seems like a waste of time and money to this almost-lawyer
isn't that great
talking to you makes my day 100 times better
thanks babe
jealous of both the long beach and the con parts of this tweet &gt;:( (have fun)
- i'll try to remember to take pictures for you
didn't a staffer start that to begin with?
no. that's another trump fib.
i've seen discussion eslewhere of speed humps as a less preferred tactic, mostly used on streets that aren't well-designed.
there are speed humps in my 'hood that work great. and they are on every slow street in ams, even the extremely narrow ones.
the writing even in the directors cut (while miles better) still is lacking. i kinda want to see the script.
haven't gotten around to seeing the directors cut yet. might get into it next week.
nah 6s. 7 plus doesn't come till early oct
i didn't wake up in palm springs but i did wake up to this
think we all need to cool our jets here
oh believe me it was a major hypothetical. just saying lamar is the truth.
they are real, yes
or at least i hope they are! i took them out of my own c64s
i need a dog that's gunna make bad choices
borrow axel. he's full of those
had a ball with you !- enjoy ya b day sexy
if you ladies would allow me to. name the place.
i just took a good look at the team europe roster. what have i done?
you bet against torts...smart move
enjoy the pleasing tones of !
my gym has these refillable water bottle stations. i would love them @ disney!
but you are a racist! you keep calling me white. &amp; how the f' am i sexist, standing up for native women?!
. now the black woman is the racist? ok. who says stuff like that? white racists! i don't believe you're native
what gp? we irish gals are made of sterner stuff. ice pack and a gin &amp; tonic. whoop.
haha! fair enough! get yerself a blast of my favorite &amp; off ya go!!
yeah the minorities that advocate bigots and probably-nazis are the real victims here.
to suggest these minorities can't think for themselves is the real prejudice.
if the press pursued trumps taxes with the same zeal they used for hrc's e mails trump would be 20 points behind
fact! mr trump release your taxes!!!
gyms are basically a waste of time. good density is 6+ stops on a 5 min loop, best i've seen was 9.
your last two tweets to me have led me to believe you don't know how to play pokemon go
have you ever considered what these morons have done to the term "patriot". the credo of ignorant racists
yes and it is very sad. i am sick to my stomach and lose sleep every night
no it's a dont by a fucking vape brandon
but i want to get wonky i want to smonk a big spinach i want to plume a thick cotton
who rockyflop lol smh
yup... his wideout had butter fingers and it landed in ohio hands, right inside the ohio 15...: ohio got automatic points there
they always surprise me 2nd half but idt we got a chance to stop him without derwin could be a long day
he's torchin rn and he ain't even start lighten it up in the air yet
when in october?
prolly after the 15th cuz i get paid
haha, type i. i mean, it's based on a single, neg data pt (evolution of all earth life) that still gives "20-50% prob" of true??
didn't descartes have a scheme for weighting type i and type ii errors that is apropos here.
confirmed 2nd device found. first was set to go off around time race was passing area. sick..
people are getting worse and worse. so sad, so glad no one was hurt.
happy birthday reide hope you have fun tonight
thanks emily!
happy the weather is holding off for the game! !
great gchoice
y'know, a well placed shotgun on the rack would make me look like a hell of a guy.
that's going the extra mile there!
wanna put something on it?
bet me too me fun fact
organizing the boxes of cables into the new garage cabinets. found this...thing. it must have been a great deal.
is it made from head-hair or mustache hair? who's donating their clippings?
only thing is...this time to get 50 years she killed like 19 ppl. just something to think about. i mean she still ya moms tho real talk
50 years light she be aight
friends bring friends in-n-out at the hospital at 1am when their moms are in the er bcuz friendship knows no time or calorie restrictions.
hope everything is ok
this is me lol
i know should we reminisce on the justin bieber concert
ben affleck should celebrate by telling us when his batman movie is going to be released.
bro that's exactly what i hoping he would do.
would love to know if this got recorded and if/when it'll be posted. i've been putting a lot of thought into this subject lately
it was recorded and will be posted. i'll try to remember to tweet you when it does.
ran into on tha streets of tha x now my life is good
idk how relevant this word is anymore but like that was cheers af
do none of you know froooggyyyy
poor froggy
if youve wanted to see me yap about the future of stories then today is your day mi amigo by &amp;
this was beautiful.
it's the lies that are not heard but kept as secrets that own us all
put them in your book and call them fiction!!!
why should she have to go public with a bout of pneumonia? what ailed bush the elder in japan? do you know?
that vomiting helped destroy him politically- and she lied about the pneumonia for hours- made situation much worse
gyms are basically a waste of time. good density is 6+ stops on a 5 min loop, best i've seen was 9.
if you think pokemon go is a game that can be measured in ev you should play a different game
meet the new precious! 7+ 256gb matte black :)
have you tried the optical zoom? how is camera in general??
- loud ass fuckin chain saws while youre trying to sleep in - dry grass
- facebook - people who are delusional about their position.
wanna put something on it?
bet me too mr fun fact
happy birthday i miss you so much plsssss come visit soon!! love you
awe love you so much bby!
that escalated quickly...
woah! where did that come from?
don't like some of these calls. and ferguson is making some rookie mistakes.
let's think about this.
when you go out with bottoms
im really serving here
national park service writing contest open until october 1st !!
thanks for sharing!!
thiago motta says ex-psg teammate zlatan ibrahimovic loved to win &amp; calls marco verratti 'a genius' - - for .
thats really nice of him.
every woman in this country deserves to be free from harm and from fear. proud to celebrate 22 years of the violence against women act. -joe
the safe place at sfsu was empowered by your work.
happy national gymnastics day!! post a picture or video and use the hashtag &amp; !
happy gymnastics day why thank at you you are one of my all-time favorite gym this and athletes
if you're not helping me grow you're dead to me
yeah well that time i threw miracle grow and sprayed you with the water hose you didn't seem real enthused
so basically september is karma month for the
i simply can not wait for october, when the surprises hit. it will be glorious.
one car just intentionally hit another to cut off another car. and the car behind us cut off like 6 cars. entertainment &amp; coffee!
damn! i guess becky really shouldn't be messed with until she's had her caffeine.
instructor at my job's nutrition session said stop using coconut oil bc our skin &amp; organs were going to get rough like a coconut shell
she was serious.
call off the dogs, dabo. clemson has a 31-0 lead with a few ticks left in the first quarter
he can't after all the crap his team got in media after last 2 rough games.
i don't think they've billed her yet?
well, she is in the us, so i think we both know it's only a question of "how bad."
say, if a congressman could stand up at a sotu and shout potus is a liar surely some reporter can stand up at this + shout the same at trump
i guess that would depend on , , &amp; or of the .
where are these $300 flights to london? gotta go see my cousins, help a girl out!
wow airlines! check kayak and hopper
. hey can you schedule cu plz
how about air force?
so will this increase my iq for the day?
given the amount of beer and weed everyone else will be consuming, i'm comfortable making that statement
have one last shot of espresso for me!
on it, though it's a milky beverage
agreed. but some want protected bike lanes even on 20 mph residential streets. that's why i put that out there
agree, but 20 mph street must be truly 20 mph, not just signage. in ams that's ensured by speed humps.
anything featured on yahoo homepage (+ across their network) still easily dwarfs anything else online. alexa top 5
this is not true!
omg have you watched scream queens?!
of course! i have seen the first season at least twice now! she is so good at playing the mean girl lol she slays
featuring "vicious volt", a new for trespassers
i like the humor you put in your games!
i commented on that graph yesterday - that looks like oligopoly, not competition.
whoops, sorry i missed it!
the first step is getting rid of the cars and the kochs as well.
and now a big leak -- love those pipelines. we don't need cars. we need imagination.
rt for a chance to win a signed copy of by ! must be following, winner sunday!
would &lt;3 to win !
you wouldn't believe how many times i've misplaced my car
maybe my car is just out on a play date with your car rn
varsity girls soccer defeats hicksville 1-0. jenna annechiarricco with a score. 9 saves by montia moon and her second consecutive shutout.
i'm proud
i move tomorrow morning :)
good luck bailee!!! hope you have fun
wow. i've never seen one od those. that looks super convenient.
they're great. you just hold the bottle under the sensor. fills up super fast and filtered.
what would madison do? a new book from , just in time for :
. easy. he'd see trumpism as a dangerous faction &amp; vote 4 divided government.
today we remember comedian john ritter on his birthday. he would have been 68. rip
happy birthday rip!
just go. you've done your part well turning off a lot of voters from voting for hillary or downticket.
. lol, bernie lost in part b/c of vaguely racist, sexist young people like you calling older voters names.
the face of and there boss. being played like a fiddle!! by trump
this logo is on trump's head skin.just,under his artificial heir.
also, i think it's a mistake that hrc, dems have made this election about personalities. you win over voters with ideas.
their ideas are unpopular
another reason no one will ever love me is because my butt is too big for everything
told me once that she's glad i'm not a real girl because my butt would be competition
y'alls is entertaining the devil
but ya'll are the ministry of music under satan.
very stylish nick &amp; judy . couldn't find the artist. beautiful piece!
drag and drop into google image search, it'll reverse lookup and tell you more info, even the artist!
fair enough!
this conversation is on my timehop today
haitians expose
someone should ask hiding hillary this question. where's the corrupt man? they would rather talk about a birth certificate
delighted that has brought me &amp; together! even if she is an + supporter
looking forward to the game!
should i rub it on the swollen ankle then? ahem....
one for the leg...one for the mouth.
that said,twitter is no. 10 on alexa globally + 8th in us, should be able to close the gap
the daily visitors to the platforms is not the variable here!!!
i think i might have left my wallet at work
you. would.
absolutely killed it tonight!!! so proud of my little stud
love you so much
lemme go moisturize my face and stop being so damn hateful.
your name..... omg
fucking guy actually said, "uh, yeah we do live in a hunter/gatherer society." fucking troglodyte...
uh yeah, in some areas it's perfectly acceptable. maybe not in the liberal shithole you live in.
done more research this election than any other in my life &amp; i know beyond a shadow of a doubt trump's a disaster!
-feelings are not facts, i may feel that trump would be a disaster for this country, but it's the facts that prove it.
ran 29.00 kms (5:36min/km) at 8:56am this morning - felt great! legs were strong after 2 days of rest :)
are you on some smashrun beta that posts to twitter for you, or was this a manual entry?
it's my son birthday, your father is proud you have happy birthday
hahaha it was already hard enough to get a girl so thanks for this.
chart: here's where trump, clinton and johnson stand on tv and radio ad spending right now
great. any idea where they are spending on social &amp; display ads?
i called my dad for some unknown reason last night and all he said was, "you never think things through when you should."
then proceeded to tell me how stupid i am for doing such things. life's wild man
- facebook - people who are delusional about their position.
- people who are close minded musically. - racist ass holes - water snakes - people who sit down to "dj"
i think i might have left my wallet at work
it was right next to your phone
inspired? no, she was speaking out against harassment from a boy in her class.
of course, i meant because she wrote "rules and regulations" in the style of a teacher starting the school year
you'll have to point out where i said that.
"yeah the minorities that advocate bigots and probably-nazis are the real victims here."
charles kelly getting owned again...lol i'm about to start campaigning to bring back stoops if this doesn't stop
i started that campaign during ole miss game
i think the sex worker industry wouldn't appreciate being lumped in the don.
true that was unfair to them
free my mans
lmao that was a shit show
atta boy and happy birthday eli i hope you have the best day with your amazing bf in sd
thanks nathan we are having an amazing time
guess who's getting their hair did today?
what color this time plaid?
, got the ticket. thanks so much!
yeah!! i'm so jealous! :) have fun!
adding to the national debt
only one candidate attacks medicare
hey, will you join our growing everything evolution group and post an insight from your expertise @
i really don't have time to cram another social network into my busy procrastination schedule. sorry and good luck.
to this guy . soooooooo amazing meeting you last night!
sucks i couldn't attend but i can't wait to see the finale
40 years ago: aa-30%. today-10%. factors: appeal to youngsters, culture within sport.
factor u didn't mention: nba was at best america's 3rd-most popular sport. i was around then; you weren't.
i swear yt gays be dancing to a different song in their head than what's playing
true for me. most places have bad music
sony, you backed no mans sky. its just as much you fault as it is hello games. take this l with them lmfaoo
sony before and after the game released
dark sunglasses really help hide the condescension and annoyance on my face when i'm in foul moods. like rn unfortunately.
i need sunglasses and a book and a blanket and a park and you reading next to me with iced coffee. so yeah, same.
finally, it's the case that not everyone will be equally at risk after white nationalist victory by violent inchoate formation.
if the threat is that real just voting for the dreadful hrc won't do the trick
politics is a full time job! what was ns doing during ppp's tenure when he was not the pm?
ik was captain of not just pak's cricket team but also oxford's
i put on my earthquakes jersey, and a scarf around my neck! marijuana in my pocket...
and a bottle in my bag
compared to trump, barry goldwater looks like a sensible moderate:
because since goldwater americans have become that much more spiritually empty. now desperate to risk it all to get rich.
giving tolerate (rip) a thanks for sure
we ain't dead bro. just taking a long as fuck nap that is probably forever hahaha
i like this, but can we do this same to and her change of heart on everything she's ever said?
why don't you put up your own offer with your own money instead of piggybacking on mark?
so that weekend or the next u think?
i'll see what she thinks but i'm probably down!
these are times i wish i was in the city lol my ass would've been on the train to chinatown rn
the perks of living in the city
snowden sought infamy by revealing our secrets to russia. a pardon is absurd on its face.
clearly is an agent of putin
"undemocratic" features = safeguard against an interested tyrannical majority &amp; protect minority
indeed. vote for divided government.
surrounded by masters keeping a nightwatch. rembrandt &amp; others at the most stunning rijks museum.
the most amazing
i'm tired of women willingly being side bitches then wanting to expose the relationship, girl u knew. shutup. play ya part.
lemme just say lol i'm not a side bitch advocate i just think it's malicious to get in a situation and then be spiteful
(same scene but that is a week old)
do you know where/when that speech was? that's likely green screened too!
i've been hearing "and one" "wtf son" "ball ball ball" "cmon yo" for hours now. i'm going to fight him
lmaooo "anddd oneee". thats my fav line
they had silent disco tent last year. i'm cool with a lil of the 'hardly' part.
yeah "silent" was a key part of that one
40 years ago: aa-30%. today-10%. factors: appeal to youngsters, culture within sport.
even your reasons are again, not at all related to racism. do you worry about baseball reaching out to chinese-americans?
stay in arizona, don't come back
you'll miss me to much
apple's biggest remaining problem is fixing the f out of itunes (i.e., destroy it).
linking to this forever
so it was the wr?
yes it was the wr, but wasn't an amazing pass either
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
no. no she doesn't. another lie from .
drivers in pdx like to catch air on them. sigh.
well, that must slow them done at least.
sure they do. just look at this video. it's proof, unlike what you've posted above. ;-) -vj
makes no difference not supporting either one
okay i'm glad you're good! are you going back home now?
i never left, false alarm. i just went to the kitchen and made some cereal
thanks for the retweet, antwan! please follow back! visit us for good music, books, photos, ideas at
thanks for mentions, another &amp; your support! have a great weekend, antwan! spend time with us at
but spending $$$$ on senate races, which can affect the prez race.
yes. the kochs think the senate is important. you could infer they don't think it's important whether trump or hillary wins.
40 years ago: aa-30%. today-10%. factors: appeal to youngsters, culture within sport.
it's baseball's job to reach out to one specific minority group? why?
fight nasty&amp; dirty til the end, won't change the fact millennials will be here a lonnng time, lol, you wont!
. so in addition to being a hate-filled, self-hating racist and sexist *woc,* you're also ageist. great.
happy birthday 17th bitch, i can't wait to see you again in the future
thanks chica! i love you
actually it is on you. you made the statement (flat out lie) and need to provide facts to back it up (which you can't)
start with ag
... and pitter patter goes my heart
i try but my team does not appreciate fashion!
trump is ruining his poll bounce with the birther stuff. just say obama is american.
trump could heal the sick &amp; raise the dead &amp; media would assume its evil.
been friends for 100 days
friendship goals
bonus giveaway! we've reached 1000 followers! rt and follow for a chance to win a $50 gift cert to our online store!
congrats on 1k! check this out
just switched from verizon to t-mobile after getting my last insane bill from being in europe and canada. this is not a commercial.
you've got to monetize that checkmark now that you're a one checkmark household.
third from the top looks like one of those chips that are sensitive to bright lights, which erase them.
not that one, but the one near the bottom is one of those
well, it started as a safe space for women. then, it became a safe space for women and men. now, it's more of a safe-ish space for women...
every time tho
full video on ig
this is seriously the best 1 minute summary of the trip and of you and justin. so good! so so good! makes me miss my trip too!
wtf is that first picture lolol
urinal boyz
not that one, but the one near the bottom is one of those
sticker protects the little window
i the new
i it too
and also, i bet he's counting on the government not releasing her because i don't think he's got the scruples to actually follow through.
he's a damn rapist. dunno why people give him platform
no doubt, but a. reporting the facts is what we do, and b. the risen christ himself couldn't change the trumpet mind.
i have more faith in jc
i wonder how much of this is the result of ambitious, hungry writers making it and not having time for that stuff.
i think a notable element of that scene was that critics and developers were equally part of it.
pattern-attack,decieve,blame,act like victim,call people that bring things to light "conspiracy theorists "crazy"=evil
they are both being pretty awful. trump and has rallies = joke. why never a town hall to take q's? even she does that
happy birthday anna ily and imy sm, i hope you're having fun in cali
loving this pic from freshman year thanks lovely
we are not a denomination, we are a movement.
wait for real?!
hmmm, what you got?
hmm i can't think of anything lmaooooo yikes
i hate going to work all beat up from shows and all my fuck ass co-workers be like omg what happen "i go fucking hard thats what happen"
please delete this
imagine ymbape in a disguise going to supreme to buy clothes
ah yes banging on my chest lemme get a pack of supreme boxers
one short conversation with a dog walker this morning and i might need therapy for years.
"if i get another dog, peggy won't need me as much... ohhhhh..." so, that's where i am and why i'm not dating.
hey suzielphi_suzie, you may want to check for latest updates on _
thank u.. i will
i love the way she never waivers insisting on truth. i want to applaud my tv each time.
haha, yes me too. i literally clap and cheer. go get get em joy
let's clean it up, boys!
in my defense the announcer said third and it was later corrected, on the other hand is just bad at life
how it should be
she got a blood and a crip baby now
i'm 51 today .... some thoughts ...
prob not something to mention to your uber driver. happy birthday.
i think a notable element of that scene was that critics and developers were equally part of it.
i was never really part of that scene but that property of it is really cool and definitely a loss now.
128gb of phone storage... what am i even gonna do with all dis
porn... lots and lots of porn &gt;.&gt;
who else can fire scud missiles?
thanks. was looking for just that detail.
i get nervous writing songs because i come up with lines i think are cool and i always have to google them to make sure i'm not plagiarising
i feel this haha or its "this is so basic, it's had to have been used already"
the last time i called someone out for an issue, i was told that my experiences "aren't acutally happening".
sounds like what i get at work re sexism, from people who control my paycheck and can fire at will.
not that one, but the one near the bottom is one of those
the top one is just in a really weird package, with a metal plate over the actual chip die
i need to see your moxie want to see how mini-moxie will look grown up
ok....here she is...
no one is expecting this. it'd be huge.
exactly! plus i'm sure they locked it down by now. they should do something for batman
adulting: not deciding to make a cake that'll take 8 hours when you need to be at the hosts place in 7.
yeah just buy a cake methinks.
basketball is a far more entertaining &amp; better product that baseball with more freedom within in the game, hence; appeal.
so baseball should change to be more appealing to black youth? because that's the only thing that matters is appealing to them?
no, it won't. trumpism will outlast trump. this isn't incrementalism; it's slowing the retreat.
you can't fight something with nothing and hrc is pure status quo
well now you know to be more cautious
i was trying to go back to sleep asap
ok. the ios 10 apple maps feature where it somehow figures out that i just parked a car is cool. how the hell did it do that?
really curious how it knows the difference between parking and getting off the bus
well to be fair the definition of broken here is "wireless doesn't work properly." my mamba is now a deathadder
still worthy of being replaced. that's a value difference of at least $50, even on sale.
it doesn't. that's the problem. and they're cut away at the sides, so drivers veer right into bikes.
then they shouldn't cut away at the sides...
the first ipod
what were does even called then?
check the mindset, he means only criminals have the right to lead this country, no wonder it's a fucked up place
ask him if quad azam ever went to jail
hey, did you bring your snuggie? can i borrow it?
didn't have it with me :(. also didn't get this til now so
that time in the fall when you remember that rain is a very real possibility every day
one way to tell someone isn't in california. ;)
do it ,i couldn't fully get it to work haha
have you seen the instax mini 90? i want it
another dumbass of the day.
more people should mention it until he does explode...that would be cool.
no, donny, these late-night entertainers are nihilists.
is no nilhilist. he abides, but still asks real questions to politicians
it's time for donald trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee.
this logo is
no because it isn't entertainments fucking job to stop a trump presidency
at this point i think everyone has some role to play. a collective shrug certainly won't stop it
i paid for the video feed and the screen went blank. are you having techbical issues
we just fixed our feed - if you refresh do you get the feed back?
on my 5th drink &amp; it's not even 12 yet.
i was about to slander you until i saw your location lol have fun!!
catch of the day
where do you go to find iv?
we value your , greg! please follow back! visit us for good music, my books, great photos, ideas at
thanks for the retweet &amp; , greg! please follow back! we have good music, books, photos, ideas at
black 256 still 50/50 about the watch. waiting to here the feedback from
got jet black 7plus 256... beautiful work of art... so far so good!
this is not the same team that traveled to philly. no excuse for last week's performance, but this an a+ bounce back so far.
i'd agree with that.
my 5 year old cousin walks into cheesecake factory and she goes "it is so fancy in here and i don't know why"
she's the cutest child ever i swear
i hate the term "tax amnesty." you can't "amnesty" an act that was not illegal at the time.
"tax amnesty" is a fine term for certain policies, just not for a repatriation holiday.
if someone from bay area was visiting you in la, where would you take them?
unless they make specific requests, genres la is stronger at: korean, mexican, thai, chinese (in sgv), etc.
lmfaooo i deadass had to walk out for a second cause i was in the middle of a sip couldn't violate and spit it out , feel me.
i completely understand.
deb promised he wd eliminate carriage horses "day one" of his adm talk abt over promising &amp; not delivering
day one promise was legally impossible - therefor not a promise but a lie
that looks like bizarro and
lol. i was thinking the same thing, except bizarro and .
basketball is a far more entertaining &amp; better product that baseball with more freedom within in the game, hence; appeal.
basketball is a far more entertaining to you. i doubt bryce harper agrees with u. funny how u think your opinion is everyone's.
the single best episode in history | episode 229
fyi it says 228
hmmm, what you got?
"matt is the best white boy i know and i'm his hot chocolate morning and night." haha
why is blm so willing to merge with pal arabs then? they are islamists.
read richard wright, ralph ellison &amp; moi: history is convoluted!
still worthy of being replaced. that's a value difference of at least $50, even on sale.
unless they think that update is going to come within a week
he basically said seventh day adventism is a business, which it is lol.
oh yea definitely lol every organized church is.
sure they do. just look at this video. it's proof, unlike what you've posted above. ;-) -vj
officers donot take lightly anyone who perpetrates violence
white supremacy is not tricky. racists are not smart enough 2 b tricky. they're fueled by hate &amp; stupidity.
i don't disagree. but racist policies like mass incarceration and welfare reform hurt millions of families.
in honor of , the classic opening to 'batman: the animated series' (1992-1995).
this is art. so beautifully done. are you aware of any animated series that have the same level of attention to detail?
yeah this isn't ideal
was hoping that would ricochet off goal post and thru. come on d
honestly, my favorite part of the iphone 7 is the haptic feedback. its so much more satisfying as i use my phone like nothing else changed
during the setup which strength did you set it to?
friends-is there a canonical github for ios app yet?
related: is there a standalone app to access issues/projects/etc.? (macos and ios)
no because it isn't entertainments fucking job to stop a trump presidency
at very least ppl can/should ask "am i doing something that might help a trump presidency?" if answer is yes, maybe don't do it
cleaning out the drafts?
fall cleaning
even more "why would a staffer rt that"
i thought iphone tweets were all staffers?
no, no ravens, not for some perfect majestic petal of a person. they deserve heaven and a thousand seraphs
i hold ravens at a very high esteem
obama's parents started conspiracy to get their baby elected president in 1961 by buying ads of hawaii birth in honolulu papers. so obvious.
i say 1961, long before made birtherism the core issue in her 2008 primary campaign against .
one thing i did learn from this whole thing, is the "anti sjw" community faces a lot of undeserved strikes and bans. something the sj ...
thank you for addressing this! and also for being awesome and helping to bring both sides together!
it feels to be in a series like this? larry all about and 1d not? estot very excited about this! i love - h
it's great! and the other guys in the band and the whole team have been so wonderful to work with
we value your &amp; support very much, cellar bid have a great weekend! spend some time with us at
ta-da! another ! true coolness abounds, cellar bid! thanks so much. visit us for tons of goodies!
do you not know what a trend line is?
also, stem includes science and math, not just cs. women are close to 50% of math degrees and &gt;50% of bio...
think i would've punted that one
didn't realize that they place at line of scrimmage if you miss fg (unlike nfl). i woulda kicked it
lol, this poor woman thinks black people can't be racist, only all non-black people can, oh &amp; natives are white. smh
. smh, you don't even know how ignorant you sound. it's a big reason bernie lost; look at the ppl promoting him
last full day in miami, then it's off to israel
you're gonna love israel! it was so amazing when i visited last november. have a great time!
cinderelly, cinderelly night &amp; day, it's cinderelly! make the fire, fix-a breakfast, wash the dishes, do the mopping
im unfollowing you
i love how hillary fans don't realize the difficulty and time involved with finding a msm article that is legit.
yeah &amp; lie but &amp; random alt-rw bloggers speak the truth. you sound sane.
launch has followed the sun from australia to california. huge thank you to our teams for an incredible day!
i tried going back at 6p and my reserved phone had been sold. i am now waiting until nov for ip7+which paid full price for.
his numbers aren't going up, hers are going down. voters are jumping from her, not to him but the third-party or undecided.
. you clearly need a new hobby outside of pestering strangers on the interwebs. here, i'll help.
u dont have to make case against hrc for me. ive made it myself. but trump really is something new under the sun.
problem is that h's message is basically anti-trump - too weak and not working
wtf. who in their right mind would trade iggy for a fucking scrub? iggy is way too beneficial to the warriors.
nigga aint shit lol they do basically the same thing plus shumperts waaaay better on d
"it was a low moment for politics and political coverage. a nothing-burger filled with falsehoods."
falsehoods = lies say it as it is
no new watch!?
ordered the nike plus... late oct. my current series 0 upgraded to watchos3 suffices until then
why is blm so willing to merge with pal arabs then? they are islamists.
has been usurped by white morons!
the "more" is about the money i saved switching to geico.
thanks for the spoilers, man.
i know that dog ...
she is awesome.
well, let's go to apple and tell them. they'll listen to us.
i'll warm up the car!
what is your point?
that racism was part of clinton's 2008 campaign. which is why i cannot support hrc or trump. why are we only talking about trump?
only j+b can sell out a stadium tour with no joint album and then 2 years later decide to put out a joint album and sell out another tour
beyonce is the only reason people went to that tour and the only reason people would go again tho.
things that can happen to you when you don't have sex
these are some of the reasons why i practice a lot when i'm alone...
is michelle running for president?
omg running for the hills of central park! she is part of our/corrupt democrap government!!!
here's a new song i wrote. no lyrics. just the guitar. hear the full version tonight on
i hope i'm not tied up at work all night so i can hear it. :-)
harpo's practically fetishistic slicing and dicing of everything in sight is my comedy sweet spot, and apparently my husband's too.
my wife likes to sigh, "i married a harpo," as so many of my mannerisms/reactions come from him. but she's a groucho.
president obama produced a birth certificate, but donald trump is the only candidate in modern times to refuse to produce his tax returns.
newsweek article exposes trumps conflicts of monetary interest if president and releasing his taxes will prove that.
again, it's a fallacy of argument - shifting the burden of truth. educate yourself, it's a great big world out there
search and get back to me , fool
pugh &gt; sweat
sweat playing on one leg.
1-10 are the worst
how about the 7-7's ?
what a glorious day in new york
wtc &amp; the hideous empty gehry both need filled w/luxe accommodations for homeless since they're empty&amp; don't show faux "stats".
and i'm glad his involvement in the events on the show will last for quite a bit longer, iukwim.
yeah, i was worried at first about where s1 would end. but. this'll be very good. wheeeee. i'm excited.
there's something liberating about having sex in an office or kicking everyone out the studio to get it on .
any real life fantasy is in my opinion
good to know your girlfriend can't stop being friends with a guy she hooked up with while me and her were going out how fucked up is that
^ yeah man real fucked up bc you do everything for her
. i've been to upstate ny, finger lakes region, and it's very lush like this. not at all what one things of when they hear ny!
most people really don't know .
my house or want me to take em to yu ? lol
you have the materials?
but did u ever get denied entry to tjs on the road there
don't be so hard on yourself
^ yeah man real fucked up bc you do everything for her
bro it's mad fucked up
also, stem includes science and math, not just cs. women are close to 50% of math degrees and &gt;50% of bio...
"look at computer science" doesn't tell you anything about the claim "women aren't interested in stem"
how trump plans to offer the rich a massive tax cut:
and the trump supporters might be thrown a few crumbs so they can buy a few more scratch off tickets. make america a casino again!
i was s h o o k
i wish i had a recording of your outrage pacing
the awful "pure status quo" of hrc is preferable to explosive atrocity of trumpism.
one part of a vicious circle we've got to break out of
does this mean he forgets how to train when he's in canada? because he does okay in ny, and ny borders canada...
maybe certain things can't cross the border
think i would've punted that one
i honestly want about a 30pt lead at half to feel any kind of comfortable against this team after last 2yrs
happy birthday cutie!
thank u!!
attention artist! we need songs for time2grind unsigned mixtape vol 4! email 1 mp3 to mixtape.com rt
various artist from the essence. l.g. brooklyn
odd that figure of speech is dead &amp; hypocrisy is alive.
you have to take into account the ppl hearing it
these burton boys go crazy at walgreens bruh
i stole old spice with
i was wondering the same, but i think it's just an excuse to drink
lmfao welp whatever works!
yeah, i think that's what gave it a very much conversational feel and maybe that's what i'm really missing.
this might be wrong but i feel a lot of community dynamics shifted post-gg, even among people who didn't participate
oh i didn't know that either
i only figured that out when cards started at 32 after fsu missed 50yd fg
well, he was rather close once but i agree!
he did receive some bids in 1912 and 1937 but was definitely closer in 1912.
discussing current native americans issues using newsela elementary and jigsaw presentations!
love these and would love to know a little more. can you follow so i can dm?
i'd argue he seems smart and well informed but that is just me...
i notice that people who cannot argue points move to insults instead
odd that figure of speech is dead &amp; hypocrisy is alive.
and, it's absolutely true, they've been violent
i'm glad that you all have opinions. please stop tweeting them at me. i don't care about them. they mean nothing to me.
if you toast a fresh bagel your life is pointless
nixon got elected in large part by promising better scotus justices. he appointed the author of roe v wade.
in fairness that was his 4th choice. he was the anthony kennedy of his day.
lil wayne smoked so much in his life he just looks permanently high now
he looks like s cut ass lil boy
the awful "pure status quo" of hrc is preferable to explosive atrocity of trumpism.
don't know exactly how but h's contribution to trump must be acknowledged
my mind is telling me no, but my body! my body's telling me yes
omg that's disgusting.
rusty spiny forest robot enemy!
is this art for another springloaded games project? all of your work is fantastic!
| vocabulary does not extend past these three words. fuck god damn literally
you forgot " oh my god"
if anyone deserves to be there to see it's you! &lt;3
thanks hun
and out of nowhere trevor noah has a great interview with lidsey graham.
the while interview is worth watching. it was fantastic.
nah i'll make a pear clafoutis instead :)
i would eat those too.
pbc done at nbc, out of money i think, and bob arum not gettting any dates on any network. boxing 2017 will be legendary
seems counter intuitive, but these elements might help make better matches.
rebecca, we have to know -- did you buy the $450 kilt?
lol no way! way too expensive
i wish i had a recording of your outrage pacing
it startled leo
"this man is so low he is subterranean" read and share!
this man is incapable of a rational statement. he is master of false logic. and we mistake crowd noise for votes.
5 hours. 28 overdoses. 2 deaths. the day "all hell broke loose" in one west virginia town
as a. junkie who is currently not using, i know i would if anyone offered it to me. i can only hope it was not painful for them
yeah, i think that's what gave it a very much conversational feel and maybe that's what i'm really missing.
just anecdotally it feels like the thumbs audience "shook out" a bit. everyone is a little more siloed now.
. believes in universal, quality, affordable health care for all.
that 1 post is more than trump has accomplished (for others) in his lifetime.
can't imagine anything keeping lamar jackson from winning the heisman besides an injury....
so we should add him to the list of louisville jets?
i woke up this morning and decided: i'm gonna be nice online
shut the hell up incel
try provides the right tools to thru a
tell us more
rather than an old, polluting, incumbent economy, let's benchmark to a clean, fair, just &amp; sustainable
sorry to miss you this week at . will hope that our paths cross again soon! love all you are up to. lots to catch up on.
seriously??
lol was just a joke trying to pass time at a 5yr old soccer game
lil wayne smoked so much in his life he just looks permanently high now
he look like a child
launch has followed the sun from australia to california. huge thank you to our teams for an incredible day!
los gatos store is sold out so lease customers cannot order any upgrades so i gave up upgrading on my apple lease program
beautiful day were having! where are you spending it?
on a golf course. see you october 8
"we got played!" cnn reacts to epic press conference troll
gold tweet! these video clips r almost as entertaining as the mole talk!
i'm still stuck on ole girl cutting her damn phone off for a man. like...wat?!
wow this is pathetic no dick is that bomb it's your own damn fault
congratulations !
where's that money go? facilitating protests &amp; marches &amp; such?! seeing this unfurl via twitter is amazing!
just found out that is coming to london. thank you to the beauty gods who finally answered us. it's happening!
yes! amazing news, there will be one in wolves before you know it
we can think of something
i miss you guys and i just really want wings but idc
actually, in the books she is described as having frizzy dark hair
"...lots of bushy brown hair" - harry potter and the sorcerer's stone
migrants receive more cash than retired austrian farmers
the 1st iron rule of politics: "reward what you want more of, tax what you want less of." it is immutable.
this: anchor only id to blockchain, link id to secure container that stores signed data you now own self-sovereign med records
thanks, but don't need this to securely control/share data. and if anyone needed my id? i can share my public key on twitter.
there's an event in the city rn in which an excessive amount of pugs are congregating and i'm not there? to love them? this is ??upsetting ?
where is the pug convention who wants to get on the 2pm shuttle
sing us a song, you're the batman sing us a song, dark knight well, the joker's committing a felony and harley is ready to fight
this is hands down the greatest tweet ever that did tweet.
yeah i'd have kicked it then
this isn't good. need to call a pick 6 play now
taking on mixing work now. get in touch if interested :)
i don't play but i'm here to listen
"look at computer science" doesn't tell you anything about the claim "women aren't interested in stem"
in fact, to sean's initial claim about women's interest in stem:
question is: how do civilized, adult, (yes) "liberal" persons protect themselves against the rampaging chimp seeking dominance?
more like gorilla at this pt; getting out vote's more crucial than ever. sadly, a country that elected nixon &amp; w twice.
i would break up with a man for this
word like, that's nice and all but where the fuck my cinnamon roll at, hoe?
i'm starting to think the are the biggest sore losers in sports.
i really think they are beating the pats in that contest.
woke up to this in palm springs this morning as an early birthday getaway. my friggin' wife, man
amazing! have an awesome weekend buddy
thanks for the update
u haven been on twitter for a min and u say this atlease a hi would be nice
happy birthday thanks for being my best friend i guess love you and i'll see you maana
thanks best friend!!!
what are you talking about? he had 90 yards passing last week.
that is more than me!
sometimes you gotta tuck yourself in
got to have my own back, i see the higher message in this .
67 more days until i go back home
yes, i'm going to have a countdown
it may not have been the sole culprit, but twitter's general ruining of all discourse on the internet certainly didn't help either.
yeah social media kind of sucks up all your "say stuff to other people on the internet" budget/mindshare by default
yooo imagine them escorting you in handcuffs out of the supreme line?
i don't wanna say "couldn't be me" bc life comes at you fast but imma do everything in my power to prevent that from happening
isn't that called asian banking?
haha idk. is it?
tfw randomly see an osananajimi at the hotel this morning but couldnt say hi cause she a staff and was rushing
this is a ranobe
just under 30 minutes to kickoff and the rain is coming down hard. thunder is heard, no lightning yet.
is the game delayed ?
mark cuban will pay to be a journalist, andrea mitchell took pay to give up journalism.
how much has he already give to clinton? for nothing.
we're having a bbq come
you live so far
revis has something like 140 pass defends and 30 interceptions? does he never take risks on 50/50 balls or something?
he never got the ball thrown to him for a solid 4-5 year stretch lol he was that good
i will only go to your party if you'll let me make at least 1 citizen's arrest and there's a place to lay down
just be sure to bring a side dish.
happy birthday to the og wheel god have a good one my dude
thanks dillion! gotta visit me and ted at the fish soon
in fact, to sean's initial claim about women's interest in stem:
if you can't make the general facts work for don't move the goalposts to cs, where well documented cultural issues exist
i appreciate the follow, robin! good luck to you! we have good music, my books, photos, ideas at
robin: thanks for the ! we have goodies for you! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" at
ginulime, boyz ii crem (has two different creams), berry j. blige, jelly rule ft. crossainti, alicia cheese
alicia cheese who the hell puts cheese in a donut ya freak
., + i are handing out ice cream today at 1:30pm on hollywood blvd! come hang!
thats great
sold these xr1s when i had em early. one at $800,$685,$500, and $400. still have one left but damn that sunk lol
how much the triple black nmd going for
look no further as i can help w/ changing your plan. let's work together in making this happen. please follow us/send dm. ^na
i was actually asking for a friend. is there a number they can call or a url they can visit for more info/instructions?
ppl always rank mirage as the worst fm album (fm themselves too) but tbh it's one of my favorites
with that said, every stevie fan can definitely agree that street angel is her worst solo album lol
how trump's plan to "take the oil" in iraq would make america's middle east problems infinitely worse:
-the nations of the m.e. should take back any properties or investments trump has there.
just got that ios 5.1.1 update mayne
i'm still on the beta of that shit man
**attention friends: my account has been hacked. please let me know if you've received/seen any strange post/messages, etc from me. thx!!!
have not seen any strange posts other than the ones you usually post..ha, ha
numbers are infinite tho
unless they make them longer combinations
madelina isabel hazelgrove. born on august 2, 2016 at 11:25pm.
congratulations!!!
you sir have gone far and beyond i send u a little thank you via gmail so please make sure to check it at your convince :d
oooh ty sir you are too kind
yikes! that's news to me, this is running the latest update. does it do anything before crashing? sorry for the trouble
yep, ios 10 on both the 7 and 6s plus. won't even get to a screen. no trouble at all.
oh..one question..my grandma was born in the usa...so my mother was also american ?
if your grandmother didn't relinquish her american citizenship before your mother was born. yes
hitting up for lunch and then narrowing down our future home options
i loved living on clifton near edgewater beach!
my loves, enjoy so much! my best wishes
thanks babyyyyy
so many smart women in one room!! stephanie mclean kicked off our semester long speaker series...
thanks for having me! it was the highlight of my week.
donald trump said he weighed 236 pounds and stands 6' 3" during his oz interview, per attendees. bmi calculator puts him at 29.5, overweight
he's alot closer to 300lbs.
in-laws are in town. were at my son's soccer game at 9 a.m. and now both are asleep.
yes!!!!! the martin in-law tweets are back! oh, the goodness that awaits...
what happened are you ok?!
i was riding (w/o a helmet) and the horse spooked and took off and i flew into a metal pole fence and hit my stupid head
we all know it's probably october 2018. just confirm it!
right! today is the perfect day to do it
hitting up for lunch and then narrowing down our future home options
two streets north there are tons of beautiful buildings.
corey in the house bitches!!!!
i'm honored that he was the first celebrity i've ever met
i feel like this is something you'd appreciate
i actually really appreciate this
ty grand, thx to your snap story i feel like i went to see luke brian too
at least you will remember it
i got mine! (an hour and hundreds of dollars later)
hundreds. those ticket prices...
any island rocks this evening?
rhode island?
someone tell me wtf is going on in colonia rn
what's going on. i'm in new york
yeah, i was worried at first about where s1 would end. but. this'll be very good. wheeeee. i'm excited.
i'm interested in elias toufexis' participation in s2.
who else can fire scud missiles?
hezbollah scuds concern c.2010; i'd think their fire discipline &lt; saa:
too bad chris pine can't be the joker (watch stretch).
chris pine for hush or the riddler. make it so, wb.
the episode of house hunters renovation that just ended with that austin couple was the worst piece of television/humanity i have ever seen
their design was so bad
i love the new home "button"
why did u make fun of me for saying the same via txt
i can bathe with you, ? :)))
the most amazing
sorry for the trouble, april. please connect with us via this link:
smh. this wasn't even the issue. i never cancelled. this resolves nothing
oh..one question..my grandma was born in the usa...so my mother was also american ?
if your grandmother became a german citizen and relinquished her american citizenship before-no
kansas football post-mangino has to be the biggest failure in recent major college football history. total joke.
firing mangino one of the worst decisions in school history
i have found myself wondering whether has been the target of poisoning. i guess i'm not alone
strange megyn kelly insisted she was poisoned as well.
only person saving me right now is s/o 2 you
i'll make you a plate from the party for when you get off work
me: what's your favorite band of all time? person: local natives, definitely. me:
person and i would get along well
yep, he made a mistake that didn't cost us anything in the end, he has apologised, shouldn't be hung out to dry.
agree. today feels good!
nnaaahhh this a conspiracy
the hero we needed :(
yep, now's the time to break it out
that was poor. too easy. cards o needs to score over 40 today
sure. but most evs in boston can't drive to nyc because no dc chargers half way. building chargers would be cheap.
highway chargers make sense, i think tesla already has a bunch and others have just announced a partnership with chargepoint
help your patients wrap their heads around genomics with gene tube:
very cool, steve and team.
launch has followed the sun from australia to california. huge thank you to our teams for an incredible day!
i have been a silicon valley senior mgr and executive so i know this kind of problem starts with upper management.
i don't know kieran and would have zero reason to be blocked.
let him know i'm blocked.
for macos, check out ! :)
signed up for the beta! looks cool
where the fuck was i for this part of the night
i left the party early to go grub like a fatass by myself lol
when's the last time we went after a kick? 2012?
been a while, i don't think that long though
liam's instinct bc he's crusty
instinct loves all but those who hate
busty sexgoddesses
the most amazing
steph curry with the shot boiiiiiiii
lol we wore the same caption today
i want the moncler vest
that's a waste of money
happy bday hope you have a great day!!!
thanks bourt!
i'm 51 today .... some thoughts ...
51 more? you're not using your 10x thinking: 510 more! happy birthday!
srsly, why are you so hung up on bernie?! you're the only one who keeps bringing him up. you bitter?
. i assumed you were a mad sanders supporter based on the hateful things you've said about hillary &amp; poc voters
even said it's time to move past this. so put your isis flag back in the closet and get back to work
be real stupid .. stay on the discussion or go fu%k yourself
im weak
i think they want me to bring spooky boots down &amp; then have a huge bong sesh
albert einstein's brain, ted william's head, john dillinger's penis... what other figures' body parts found 2nd life on the market?
james garfield's brain.
happy birthday beautiful!
thanks baby!
you should get a group of six people (including myself) and do hide and seek on destiny. i would love to play that with you.
six is too few - but we'll do a fashion show
oh forgot i went to long john silver's/kfc where you could put kfc side in $5 reel deel box and that has to be 2nd place
i recently when to long john silver's, and fish &amp; chips actually puts a lot of places twice price to shame. textural contrast!
"did you turn your heat on?"
"i don't even know what happened, don't check the security cameras tho"
at least you will remember it
hats the only way to be
we value your , friends! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down at
winwtracker: thanks for the rt &amp; ! we have good books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra at
you on xbox with it tho ??
yeah i don't have plus for p4 so i ain't cop it but i'ma get it for p4 too
i watched the vamps on kapil sharma for 3 minutes and i have intense second hand embarrassment i have never experienced before
what why were they????
which book have you recommended the most?
by anthony doerr.
at least you will remember it
that's the only way to be
what's more important?
i will never have either of those.
some dudes are cool i guess but the proportions are off
by this community you mean like humanity as a whole or
oh..one question..my grandma was born in the usa...so my mother was also american ?
if your grandmother was still a u.s. citizen when your mother was born, then your mother was a u.s. citizen at birth.
he was like "oh i'm so nervous to be on the today show but i'm so happy i love all your support"
now it's just "we're gonna be on today"
of course,all 1 needs is 1 major gas price run up &amp; that infrastructure can be quickly overwhelmed.
doubt it, and owners will mainly charge at home
ooooo tomorrow i get to pick the fan of the week!
what does the fan of the week get.
share this video because the media will not! "i thought black people were supposed to vote for hillary"
breakin through stereotypical crap to for everyone's kids everywhere
so i just wrote code to let my twitch chat move my mouse cursor.......
twitch play jessica mak
more important question: which show would have been improved the most if jack bauer did a six-episode arc? i vote home improvement.
wiseguy, home of the six episode arc
happy birthday, ! cheers to many more!!!
tku4 the treats and fans! rt : ! cheers to many more!!!
a snippet of today's loot after rampaging akihabara. sorry, wallet.
i need that!!!
na that's a scary thought
lmaooo the fact i just got goosebumps thinking about it
that's a very fair point, i'm just curious where the raiders will play if they move to las vegas.
davis has said raiders will use two remaining option years after 2016 to continue playing in oakland while lv built
totally triggered
triggered? that is why a mother trolls ? tump fans are like isis, lets hate together.
the 3 game ban is the only downside for showing passion and sticking up for your teammate. we've missed that.
3 will be a big loss with the momentum&amp;form he has now but rather see players care to stand up for each other
no vote for"california prop 64, marijuana legalization" recreational tax% is high! &amp; they want to tax medical users more!
us patients pay so much for the meds we need &amp; get taxed as well. we should be paying less tax not more
red sox young talent, which is already proven in the big leagues will have something to say about that
red sox also have higher players in minors over yankees
i like pants. they hide my ugly, fat legs &amp; prevent chafing.
coconut oil works, too!
lmao if it's free do it
you right
guys that grossed out about girls getting their periods are whack. i'm sure your mother was praying to get hers but got you instead, tragic
the men dont get it because nothing happens to them
if someone tells me what louisville fans chant i will do it in my living room right now.
i'm pretty sure it's "remember the criminoles, remember ali"
. thanks for the awesome tour!
thanks for stopping by today! so glad you enjoyed the tour, and we hope to see you again soon!
since you asked here is my hello, dolly! hot take. the show only works if the lead is played by a genuinely weird person (i.e. channing)
check out perhaps you'll change your mind. carol channing is far from being "genuinely weird"
be real stupid .. stay on the discussion or go fu%k yourself
frog ... take your wizard sheets off and be an educate american fool
if this month's sikh photo exhibition isn't on your radar, it should be.
wonderful exhibit especially for non-sikh's 530 broadway go see it!
i almost tweeted that i needed a new moose
every canadian is entitled to one moose
"trump...leads clinton on the q of trust in some nat'l polls." (1/3)
"that's remarkable considering the honesty of the candidates is not an abstract question," (2/3)
build at the
hi pascal you are magic. are you in town today by the way? message me
haha thanks! yes but back in the day it was like a handful who had talent like michael douglas, not the hadid sisters.
do you remember when movies cost a nickel and you walked to school uphill both ways?
hahaha - "all over the net". you also think the earth is flat? that's "all over the net" too. wowza
can u turn on computer?
now you have to return the pay checks :(
haha, could you imagine? i'd be screwed.
oh my god i am so so so close to meeting traci and heather holy shit my heart is beating so fast
think i'm gunna throw up
always no one is gonna take care of you like you !!
we must sit down and eat
yea but kochs pouring tons of money to keep r control of senate, which has huge political implications
sanders is campaigning for clinton. does the kochs' spending indicate they believe the presidential race is important? no.
came in late. what happened to sutton?!
turned an ankle, got it retaped, looked like he was gonna try to come back in, but it's a no go
even with all of her lies she is still a better choice than trump. he hates latinos! not just mexicans.
maybe we can ask latinos that work in his casino in las vegas
you cannot blame garcia one bit. this is on mike matheny's stubbornness. he's going to grind garcia and the to the ground.
so so agree. wish he would get fired already. must change manager.
what about when covered in bright orange dorito dust? asking for a friend.
come on, we all know the right answer for this one.
slept for 14 hours hours and i have never felt more recharged
not enough sleep i guess for saying hours twice ^
i think you real dogs will just love that
wait for the photo shoot of the were-pug and our dog who looks like it
what do you think the reason is?
really?? they explain why in the first paragraph of the article.
anyone saying the cavs should take that is crazy. shump is young an has a much higher ceiling. iggy on the way
rather have someone on the cavs we can see have an immediate impact
he's already steve trevor :( i'm happy with that casting so not a complaint, but he would've been a nuts joker.
i forgot he was in wonder woman and now i'm sad...
only 6 days away!!! who is coming out to celebrate with us?
- i am i know that............lol
haircut? yes or no
finish painting the walls first
trump is a leader, the clintons have been involved in corruption since arkansas are practiced in the art of deception.
they are all corrupt liars- though trump is also a racist. sorry
"coors light presents".... can we talk about that people
and how awesome it is
nah, who's dylan?
i hate you guys
no she wouldn't.
yes i would!
is this the right one? they seem to be so cheap?!?
looks like it. might be a deal on the first volume to get people hooked.
i must say that i think humans are very smart and cool. they invented skateboards. most twitterbots don't like skateboards. i am better.
whatever makes the pain of inferiority go away.
shooting with the odyssey in kenya.
looking forward to see the outcome. that looks stunning &lt;3
trump has now maligned colin powell, bob gates, gen. john allen, the fbi, the cia, doj, the fed, and the military...
never presents evidence, just that ugly loud mouth.
constantly torn between being excited about new tech stuff and very skeptical. i used to be so trusting and hopeful!
your tweets continue to be very relatable to me
i was lucky getting 4 day passes. 3 day passes were just sold out as i was about to buy them. it totally will be awesome!
by the time i got thru the queue all the four &amp; three day were gone. just happy i managed to get the two days!
hmm! we are not aware if this. *pl
i hope that's the case!
gonna be a long day of recording, but if all goes well i'll be bringing you (double?) heat tonight
get hyper man
you missed this?
i knew about it, but yes. i can't even imagine how insane that crowd was...
thanks for the rt &amp; , ron, my great friend! visit us for books, photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra at
ta-da! another retweet &amp; ! true coolness abounds, ron! thanks so much. visit us for lots of goodies!
totally triggered
god bless our troops???, but if a gold star mother doesn't say a word she is fair game? disgraceful.
i get it, your all going to umfreez in chicago.
not me brod hoping to see you somewhere soon tho man
i went to dunkin and the guy at the window goes "the person in front of you paid for you" so i was like aww and he goes "just kidding"
this is so great haha
vegas stadium might take longer than two years, fyi.
would be very interesting to see what transpires if that scenario plays out
why are you so rude and closed-minded? i just logged on to all this bitterness.
. she's very angry and bitter that people aren't listening to her views. she can't see how she drives ppl away
i loved reading recycle your ears, but they're gone.... how about or ?
i dig both &amp; have written for decoder, but i don't know of a current zine doing the classic irreverent angle.
is next week up in the air?
it seems that way
i have no idea like they came to tour, why are they on that stupid show
tour? people there know about them? that rat kapil will do anything for attention they probably didn't realize what it was
to me i thinkjoysinglehandedly is keeping a float ! it is dying ofrightwingism
she is. she's the best!
&amp; = two great tv shows. let's talk about them. new show...coming soon. :)
i'm definitely a fan of both so i am a all the way!
westways diner!
might check that tomorrow! went for the staple today
sigh. someone managed to steal one of my accounts, but isn't technically clued up enough to help out. frustrating.
(basically i am using hajejan+twittername.org for my twitter accounts, and they insist i email from that exact account)
yes, i did get my own book signed by ingrid kristiansen (who held 5k 10k half and marathon records at once)
everyone forgets this. remarkable to hold three different distance records at the same time
horrendous. transgender woman crystal edmonds is the 21st known trans person killed in the us this year. via
i won't "like" that story, but i will quote tweet &amp; comment on it.
for bernie supporters in my mentions denying reality on their anti-hillary crusade, don't just take my word 4 it
i call them bernie brats not bros...they gop memes as research.,
i hear crack cocaine is pretty satisfying
baby cracks are explosive
with trump implying violence again against hillary clinton i'm feeling this way again!
absolutely! words matter and have real world consequences.
this nigga in the barber shit like 25 and losing hair worse than lebrons
as soon he got out the chair he put his hat on quick!! i gotta pray for this brother
"that's remarkable considering the honesty of the candidates is not an abstract question," (2/3)
"and evidence suggest that clinton is in fact more trustworthy." (3/3)
i don't know how people can be okay with not getting that shit is crazy to me
they so used to being broke that its okay for them now
(basically i am using hajejan+twittername.org for my twitter accounts, and they insist i email from that exact account)
(which i cannot, because it's just a filter for hajejan.org)
thanks i'll look it up!! we are looking more at medina because i got a regional recruiter position in an office based there
oh, you'll need two cars then, so nvm!
just a quick humpday tease rt it
the most amazing
aren't they the best?!
so good! it's cheaper than flying within the country! going to keep my eye out for them more often now!
so 'happy iphone 7' is trending. seems like a pretty grumpy line at wtc...
probably pissed about having to buy all the adaptors
hannity threatens to sue cnn for slander lol lol lol
it ain't slander if it's true and it's true.
happy bday jayden, i miss your sweet face. hope i get to see you next weekend
thanks em i'll make sure you do. i actually fly out of eugene so it's inevitable.
sounds like you played competitive football or something...
. know a little something about a little something...
ohio gov creepy: kasich at obama white house for tpp push meeting
keep making an ass out of yourself. its very entertaining. this is why nobody voted for you. they were right!
bitch told me she don't eat pussy like that cause most girls got a smell. like 1 your not that gay, 2 what bitches you be fucking with.
she's a fraud
coming from someone who calls every person they argue with racist. go back to making big macs.
work on that fool
it is sad.. they've equated "patriot" , expressing love &amp; support of usa with racism, intolerance &amp; hate.
i know and it makes me sick
also, next time somebody tries to hack my account, please choose a prettier girl.
yous a savage kuya lol
thank you , were trying to achieve this with most of our characters ^^, update on concept cast soon
cool, i see you're working with i'm excited to see where this project is headed
niche/exclusivity is your brand
finally someone understands (as much as possible)
can't wait! \m/
hell yeah!!
hmm! we are not aware if this. *pl
tell your agents at jfk t4 to stop spreading rumors!
our top 10 comments of the week
d. trump is assassinating american democracy we know &amp; is dangerous to boot, ashamed of americans who would vote for a traitor
just my luck that's something i would do though hahaha
could so see you doing it
. continues to embrace insurrectionism in calling for violence against his political opponent
trump is an . is not taking away any rights
i know...all a $$ grab.
absolutely.
im never smoking again peace out
this is a lie
have you noticed that is a public critic of putin &amp; very much alive?
so glad the judge ordered more therapy for you. you are a deranged little fuck.
with trump implying violence again against hillary clinton i'm feeling this way again!
uses isis tactics.
hillary lies a lot, but here are my 3 favs: 1) just allergies 2) no classified email 3) ducked sniper fire in bosnia what are your top 3?
1.chelsea was getting coffee when the plane hit the tower 2.right wing conspiracy:bill&amp;his women 3. bosnia snipers
i did a 16.6 mi run with . last long run before !
i'll be there!
said on the radio he has a hip issue
then he needs to sit. he's a huge liability. looks like he's on ice skates.
looking for the vandy vs gt stream
acc network
trump fantasizing aloud about clinton's murder is his strategy to divert attention from his racial hatred of obama.
. is ratcheting up his hate, not just rhetoric. trying to mask one hate with another.his is a campaign of hate.
love too have men in my mentions explain my own jokes to me
with that short tweet, you were asking for it
nyc schools pull pizza from lunch after supplier delivers green slices
-the suppliers deserve this. if they can't provide safe and nutritious food they should be scrapped along with the pizza!
thanks sam for proving the point about you libs! blind, ignorant, and mislead.
wow: one idiot,thanks me.surprise!!!
as for public key sharing as a a communicable reference solution: that's great for the 0.1% of the populace with long neck beards.
yes, i'm sure writing to blockchain is so much more accessible. (last tweet here, signing off on this exchange.)
ok but its actually happening
so fucking excited
bc it's a generalized grievance?
you need a concrete, real injury to have standing to sue.
then they are barely beating ohio
exactly... they garbage
all the hot topics! thanks for having me on
great episode and cynthia you speak as clearly as you write.
fridays this fall on abc.
stay tuned for the series premiere of
canvass till your socks drop &amp; your shoes crackle
this is the kind of criminals open border polycy wantsraped a 12yro girl,deported'93came back
i agree there are some people from mex , central america that are sick
at abbey street!
hey that's not you. take that photo!!!
chris brown needs to get his act together. chris i wish you the best of luck!
ok but you're literally a rapist
obsessed with this cover.
comes in gif form too!
i meant like narrow streets that are sort-of already traffic calmed. well-designed shared street &gt; bike lane
this narrow shared street has speed humps. without them drivers will speed.
stop tpp! nafta on steroids ! tpp will finish off the rest of our jobs!
you forgot the part about us not being in control of our borders.
then they are barely beating ohio
florida gonna smoke them next week
but why he hasn't it corrected ? so its normal that people asks about, or not ?
if both parents are u.s. citizens it is automatic. a child living abroad may have to be naturalized.
indeed, but sometimes its better to leave it to the officials to deal with, but its good to see players backing up
best to avoid cards etc yes agree but we've lacked togetherness so will admit to excusing this one :)
your retweet is valued, bob! we have goodies for you! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" now at
thanks for the , note, bob! see lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down:
weirdest band in the world - not a zine per se, but could be of interest to you
another zine that mastered this style was cimarron weekend:
unreliable? are never on time? have to share them with 10 other women? which one is it
if you choose the wrong one it's hella awkward until they stop doing what they're doing??
i think you meant murphy
him too of course
bc it's a generalized grievance?
a random person does not suffer injury if a porn performer decides not a condom on.
ugh i wish i had someone to talk to about the documentaries i watch . i like to share this kinda stuff lol
i love them
this is candace. she bombed another race and is disappointed in...
yes, but candace was in the race. don't forget that, my friend.
hi there, we're not drunk, but we're happy to help- open a case w/ our support team, they can assist
hahaha, got it sorted mates, thanks for replying though. hugs :') xx
us patients pay so much for the meds we need &amp; get taxed as well. we should be paying less tax not more
so i'm going to no! on 64 are getting screwed again.
really in the mood to eat 400 mozzarella sticks and lay in bed all day
i just got a bunch of mozzarella sticks and now all i have to do is lay in bed all day
work on that fool
done talking to a broke trailer trash bye
was this a low blow or a perfect body kick? you tell me
if people think you kicked me in the groin, but i grab my gut in response... you didn't hit the groin.
update : shouldn't have but i slept in. there's hope
yes, girl. you get that sleep lol where there's a will there's a way
add your name now to join the millions of americans who are with hillary all the way to the white house!
i changed from democrat to republican to vote for trump! my sanctuary state has allowed illegals to ruin our communities!
okay twd season 6 opens with actually the worst cgi
be expecting a lot of that
blockchain?
spoke with some weeks ago, so they're continuing that story for sure. :)
each other, shows that the team spirit is there at least. btw george evans has been fantastic for me..
i've liked what i've seen of evans. really need to get the next trip over booked so i can see in person
of eating stars discovered when a star passes within a certain distance of a black hole,...
(cont) glowing material stream from a star devoured by a supermassive black hole in a tidal disruption flare
hi , 1gb normal data is r149 and 1gb nite data is r15 (use between 1am and 7am)
but i'm sleeping at night. what good is r15 data?
isabelle! haha my mom ran into her and alex yesterday
maybe i should wear a sign next time to make it just a little bit more obvious
hey, i saw hype and i think it's really cool. can i get on the beta? vouch for me !
lemme talk to the folks at hq
lmao this is super illegal but very alt
this is depressingly commonplace
fox news poll: vs. .
another fake fox poll
now that sounds better than work babes
yes it is! my daughter is the bartender!!
have fun ladies
thanks love
where do they come up with this? soviet??
lol x 1000. the gentleman has lost his mind.
as a democrat, i am so sorry that clinton is our nominee. her rise to power is a disgrace to not only democrats but to all americans. shame.
you are so sad. voting for trump will destroy our country. you sound ill informed. shame on your voting for a rapist
lmao this in brooklyn??
this is in the bronx yo lmfaoo omg
i asked oomf to take me on a date he ain't never replied i guess he was just wanted to clap my cheeks
i'll take you out if i can eat you out after
is the girl on your left ?
no i'm just not standing up straight. i still win
when you see people wearing long sleeves/pants in hot weather don't look at them weird/take pic/comment. you don't know what's underneath
many people have skin problems and they're so embarrassed they would rather suffer in the heat than show their skin
airport bar lol check in at 12 i said fuck it and watching the game lol
we're at a bar somewhere in oakland.
you need a concrete, real injury to have standing to sue.
a random person does not suffer injury if a porn performer decides not to put a condom on.
happy birthday to my friend !! hope you're doing well man and hope ya have a good one !!
thank you bro
december is going to be the next regional for nj going to make a name for myself. (even tho 3 of the top 5 in the world live in nj now)
who cares? go there, kick ass and get known. if you lose that's more practice against the best in the world.
i think that angle is still alive at &amp; , but both are more rock-oriented, so i agree.
spot on--and yes, i'd love to see that voice/tone be pushed beyond the rock zone.
ncaa finally caught that bastard...
freeze crook!
happy birthday mr modi, from the gau rakshak monster you helped create
vanity fair
lol they fucked with him
this apple nigga thought he can outrun 5 cops.. couldn't even make it past the hood
omfg you should come out and give me a bottle of water
where are you
lisa simpsons was the fulcrum on which the show balanced
lisa's wedding is one of the best episodes in television history
birds in the trap sing mcknight isnt working on spotify for me
isnt doesnt for dylan or me neither, just iphones
at kid's soccer game, parents not allowed to use names ... or verbs
the beginning of the end of society as we know it
i hate when my knees touch each other.
then let's make sure it never happens.
yep, now's the time to break it out
big man, jeremy, not going down!!!
feels weird throwing away my collection of 200+ cds from the 90s; they were probably my most prized possessions at the time. now clutter.
all those trips to newbury comics wasted.
not worth the purchase ?
i won't go that far lol
mylan ceo heather bresch is daughter of (d-wv).
again liberal democrats shove it up our butts
same &amp; i'm not even there
thought i would cry but feel more like i'm gunna puke lol
we are here to help you snag the amazing iphone 7. order yours at: cheers! ^bl
i just got mine from the sprint store thanks though
love cracker barrel
my 1st time
applecare for phone / watch?
i always get it and often use it. (my watch fell apart once!)
at the end of the day, i am at peace because my intentions are good and my heart is pure.
this is what really matters.good intentions are pure when we act we love.
these are the most band photos of all time
my manic pixie dream girl tbh
great to hear bc- forgive me- but i doubt trump even knows what a christian is again as long as he &amp; his are taking care of,sad
i agree &amp; for the life of me i don't know how evangelicals can vote for him
step up and let hillary know you've got her back. add your name now if she can count on you in november!
only if she is being handcuffed. in that case i would love to have her back.
it's not a drill guyssss
lite1me i'm shaking
ios10 messages. just one more way for guys to send pictures of genitalia.
literally first thing i did was draw a dick and send it to . shortly after someone messaged me their drawn dick.
my piece that trump retweeted describes his birther event like this: "a nothing-burger filled with falsehoods."
i kinda like my nothing -burger with bacon &amp; cheese - hey you became clickbait that fed his uninformed supporters..kudos to you
yes we can she looked so good omg
also her new man
i never hear cis men express desires to parent. really sad. maybe they think it &amp; bottle it up?
only ever hear about cis men needing to "be established," to make decisions involving love &amp; kids. business transaction. cold.
this umpire loves his job.
easy to love your job when it involves calling bart's perfect 2 seamer for strike 3!
please be alert and use the buddy system, friends. and if you have any leads please call greenpoint police.
w/o words except confident bwo the swift dissemination of this awful news, reminded community is tiny &amp; they will be caught fast
what trump just did is a disgrace.
oh hillary, benghazi...
lite1me i'm shaking
literally**
watched this sweet little docu last night; least sci-fi movie ever made about star wars. if u love oral history&amp;film
it's called 'elstree 1976' by &amp; looks at the bit players of star wars. how can a few mins on screen can change your life?
i saw your retweet on separating a yolk from an egg. u separate and do what with each of them?
well, some recipes will tell u. if not, use the one u want and cook the other one u don't. u just don't throw it away
hey do i know anyone that works/worked at saturdays nyc?
i'm working on a saturday in nyc if that counts
just a happy fish cause her favorite filter is back
so cute wowzaa
he has made the norwood sale, less of an issue, just keeps everything simple for me.
i'd sooner take one who goes about their business quietly and does the job consistently over flashy/flair in dm
we literally perform throughout the whole night and look all sweaty and ugly when we leave
there's no other way tbh
think even ny times made an announcement!?
stories were leaked but this kind of things done by supporters trying to influence the committee
trying to get last min tickets :) are you?
yes, will sport my one texas shirt from grad school :)
clinton has dispatched sanders and warren to try to woo millennials this weekend. she's underperforming even john kerry with them so far.
millennials had barely started to age into the electorate in 2004. youth vote was still the conservative-leaning gen x.
starting to think this offense is good
you are finally getting to see a bobby offense. one that scores well over 40 every game
for blair witch
def looking forward to your review.
1. i'm going to get her mother if it's the last thing i do 2. just my luck a pug ugly best man 3. that usher ...
i prefer yr list, no. 2 happened to me when i was 18, never been a bridesmaid since, not even for my sis. thankless job.
just read it. looks like already fixed.
no issues except maybe battery life, which is always an issue.
you have to bike around tempelhofer feld next time you're in berlin!
yes!! maybe we can bike when you're in ny
looks like will keep bashing today as they do every day oops sorry forgot they are owned and operated by republicans
not just but
my magic mirror is on the fritz; i just realized i don't really resemble a disney princess, but bare an uncanny likeness to tweedle dum.
seems only polite to offer you the dee.
your mission for today: thank a teacher. we're helping today in celebrating !
. one of the biggest fans and an awesome teacher for 20 yrs thank you!
starting to think this offense is good
now the d needs to do a lot better than last drive
many people have skin problems and they're so embarrassed they would rather suffer in the heat than show their skin
it just makes them feel worse :/ u think they don't know they look a bit odd wearing a jacket/pants in 90 degree weather
look what i found backstage today !!!
wish i could like this more than once
two filmmaker essays about criticism i would read: 1) acclaimed filmmaker critiquing critics 2) panned filmmaker saying "they got a point"
i learn more every time a filmmaker apologises for a movie than i do from 300-page career discussions.
hm... keep emailing. when i worked on we were well aware of how aliases worked. someone will get it.
i am; explained it and asked them to email the account to let me verify.
why u need to exit out ur text so damn fast
i was watching porn and the text were ruining my concentration
trying the classic - black label burger &amp; steak (@ minetta tavern in new york, ny)
ugh i still need to try it!
hm... keep emailing. when i worked on we were well aware of how aliases worked. someone will get it.
(and thanks!)
imma be coming back to the concrete jungle in winter!!!!
yes i was just looking at jeeps thinking of you lol yay dude can't wait
i'm not sure i know where to go with that :)
just go with it :-p
"can't wait to show you my toys.."
hey look it's the fish!
think even ny times made an announcement!?
it was thought by many that the prize would be awarded to both edison and tesla. they were wrong.
i need some luck in my life
there ya go
yes true --- you always bring a fresh perspective to the table, amanda
this is one of the nicest things anyone has ever said to me!
"i gave him $20 behind my id and he let me in" -grace
gotta learn the system
awwww. how did i miss this
still walking around hayes :)
all my friends are so upset by this interview and i just don't get it \_()_/
can u read? i know these guys and trust me it's not sarcastic
berniesanders: this is the wealthiest country in the world, yet children have been poisoned by lead in the water because of crumbling infra...
definitely but has yet to address &amp; how us imperialism cheats our kids, families at home
this is the strangest trump story i read today
what a bs artist &amp; conman
funny how they spelled work hard wrong
i like "work just hard enough to capitalize on privilege and luck until your dreams come true" (too verbose maybe?)
what about when covered in bright orange dorito dust? asking for a friend.
cheetos dust too?
watch live: bernie sanders campaigns for hillary clinton in ohio
and why watch this old fart loser
i need help with make up :(((((((
what do you need bby
today: new london, ct - sep 17 at revolution rock festival
can't wait!
evergrey - cool. is this their new cd?
nope, older material...
anyone know if the newfane game is delayed or what ?
who gives a shit, cops is on and that's way better
that's weird. 195 is a very low brewing temp
not a lot of words in that description make sense - including that temp
i'm gonna throw up cause i'm so excited for you
dude i knowwww
he not gunna be good in the nfl
his game won't transition but he got time to develop
this is the first time in 2 years i'm not deejaying a majority of psu's welcome week which means no one else will play j-kwon's "tipsy" smh
how could any dj ever not play tipsy ever. suffer these fools
woke up to this, thank you so much everyone, never felt so motivated to keep going forward feelsgoodman
congrats dude - keep on crushing it!
find out how the chemical weapons convention works
. is there, or will there be, investigation of opcw violations: illuminants (wp) &amp; asphyxiants as anti-civilian weapons in ?
good luck girls
thanks babyyyy
retweet this now to 2 hoodies. must be following to win!
oh, yeah! love these for my boyz!
no such thing
carb day proves there is nothing 'too american'
leaked: take a peek inside the clinton campaign's "hospital on wheels" via channel 7 news
now seeing ppl saying hrc is not sick and is totally faking it, fake seizures, and intentionally leaking the vids etc. hmm.
when will i learn to drink less after not eating for half the day???? the world may never know
less party more study
did i miss this? what #?
no you didn't, it's wonder woman
stickers soon? idk maybe
bout to make these stickers, who wants some? im gonna draw something special and unique on the backs of each one
my piece that trump retweeted describes his birther event like this: "a nothing-burger filled with falsehoods."
yr headline doesn't describe your story as negative &amp; therefore you complicent in helping him, how many of his 12m will read it
you want to live in a world where a political candidate is silenced? fascist liberals rear their ugly heads again.
. fact-checking is not silencing. would love to hear more from trump like his tax returns.
wah, someone ate my half of the pizza i got yesterday. ;_;
are all your housemates inconsiderate fucks?
all friday! 1st: live podcast with gm bobby evans &amp; legendary announcer jon miller. tons of fun!
fun listen! thanks for doing this!
new mexico qb jordan 55 yard td run new mexico 21 rutgers 0
weird all the talent ny/nj/ct region got that rutgers cannot field a good squad.
think even ny times made an announcement!?
neither got it, but conspiratards of the 21st century make mountains out of a grain of sand.
rt hillary prepares for prison orange suit!
yuk, i was hoping that if the campaign was picking up the tab they would at least get her a decent stylist. embarrassing
bc it's a generalized grievance?
i swear to god whoever wrote this bill never took constitutional law class.
donald trump went on tv today, said a bunch of crazy things, and somehow no one noticed
ho i notice he not getting my vote
i don't know how to contour, i don't know how to do winged eyeliner, highlighter anything
oh lord lol come to nyc when hilary gets inaugurated
he shot your foot first. after he killed you he started lagging is what ot looked like to me.
look again carefully he didn't lol i couldnt see him and he wasnt even aiming at me there was no lag ping was 40-60 for every1
some asshole stole my friends bike!! lemme know if you have seen it
it's the one in the back right? or...guys?
pizza, the answer is always .. pizza. -rt : what do i want to eat today
i thought that but nah. surprisingly i want a italian club sammich and i want chipotle which i haven't had since their...
jfklax and playing ! officially the coolest airlines ever
yes flew sd-jfk last week had wifi whole way!
ps: shouldn't mlb commish give espinoza back to red sox and give sd a different not-quite-as-good prospect? does that make too much sense?
he's not roger goodell. he doesn't have unlimited power. ugh.
thoughts on : 3. what was with all the running? were and consulting? holy cow i'm exhausted! lol!
well, we know who it wasn't:
feelin pretty good, worried about that lebowski guy they have in the secondary though.
not as chill as he looks
as promised, and this morning. quick edit on his legs now off to some gameplay...
i love how the colors are of darker shades! some pixel art ends up being too cartoony with brighter colors. awesome work!
oh yeah i mean 140 pass defenses is credit to that but 30 ints is hella low for a dude who said he's getting into the hall
that's when the eye test comes into play. like his 09 season was out of this world
not seaside heights,seaside park!!!!! don't confuse two town,sh doesn't need bad publicity.correct it please!
thanks for bringing to my attention
i hope to never be arrested in front of a streetwear store in my entire life. just one mans prayer
met this dude. cool, humble cat. he not pressn kids in supreme. he just like to son hypebeast/culture vultures.
when you are so hungover and start questioning your existence and the purpose of the universe
i'm having one of those moments here:
oh, come on. that doesn't even deserve an answer. you think they can't hide it?
since trump's indiscretions with his foundation are pretty apparent and disclosure rules are strict
daily mail drinking game: 'put on a leggy display' = 1 shot 'poured her curves' = 2 shots 'put on a busty display' = 3 shots
how many are you up to today, then?!
trump says he just took a physical, will release results shortly
hope it was a physiological exam
i've honestly looked the same my entire life, just without freckles
i love your freckles so much. smh i just draw them on
at 50 i realise that my perfect job would have been researching theatre and modern culture.
i thought abt my dream arts job at . film props, cos someone typed those pages not copied!
two cal fans at the verizon store rn on market. no i'm not talking to them shut up
o god what if they see this
also the game kicked out two of my teammates and wouldn't let them join back lost 30 points
oh and he got hit with a ban for getting disconnected and not being allowed to join back.
just saw a girl cross the street with headphones on and she didn't even look. at all. at all at all.
welcome to nyc
charlotte should not be involved.
agreed. charlotte should stand firm.
"we'll be able to use technology to gauge what others are feeling" when we're talking to them
i've always been fascinated by this but wonder the success rate for sales, interviews, trials? how far will it go
oh come on!it has been like3mounds since u said the first date!it's really late!so don't keep us waiting any longer pleas!
or do, i'm in no hurry...take your time, we'll still be around. &lt;3
boring story xx
how could u ever be boring
here's the work of the alt right..'stheir symbol,bannon who runs trump campaign is their boytrump jr rt them
. are you a nazi? stop spreading your sickening hatred
why didn't i see rih in concert?? ugh
she is a must see
i love all 3 of you guys and the dancing kid is funny. i can't choose!
you can't really go wrong picking one of us. it was just really cool being selected.
the funeral arrangements for my father tony d. estrada. the viewing and rosary will be on wednesday september 21,...
i am sorry to hear that your father has passed. his memory is a blessing and it will live on through you.
how is it in california sam?
wonderful! couldn't be better.
please allow up to 14 business days for refunds to respond to you. ^ty
my issue is that the refunds site seems to be rejecting my submissions. just submitted a note to the custsrvc site with more info
gore lost his home state + 300k dems in florida voted for bush. no one can "spoil" a weak candidacy, .
i hope 3rd parties bite for both cheating us families w/ &amp; wars to bolster israel
funny how she can support lying trump but has problem w/hillary. what a joke @ hypocrite
i literally did a double take and ran the dvr back to hear her say it again.
we should've done this):
we can still do it
link to letter by hillary clinton's doctor, who says she "continues to improve" since sunday's incident:
now whenever i saw "sunday's incident", my brain processed "sunday's suicide".those two spellings do look alike!
can't wait to buy christmas gifts for everyone
even for me lmao
what? you don't use your thermometer to test baby water?
tbh i figured you had an app for that.
since trump's indiscretions with his foundation are pretty apparent and disclosure rules are strict
i will wait for evidence before conjecture
what is a "floating transit stop"?
it's where the cycle track veers to right of bus/tram stop, so passengers land/wait on island.
is out here walking the waling and making a difference in his city!!!!
congrats. keeping it real for real. much support.
know exactly how you feel i felt that way when i was waiting 4 the girls the best&amp;weirdest feeling
it's crazy isn't it.
another zine that mastered this style was cimarron weekend:
then there's my all-time fave zine: ugly american, which mastered this style, plus added a nonstop stream of insults.
american record means best time set by a u.s. rider. world hour record is fairly explanatory.
the american hour record is 142 big macs in an hour. not sure what it translates to in france or belgium
poor kid, though. busted arm and mom is nuts right now.
true that. parental hysteria never helps. &lt;guilty of same emoji&gt;
i kinda like my nothing -burger with bacon &amp; cheese - hey you became clickbait that fed his uninformed supporters..kudos to you
i know u want clicks but personally think about what he did de-legitimize the first black president, you headline gives him kudos
i would attend, but cant commit to run it. mark, thoughts?
it is already in development, sort of.
i have this set
of course you do shantel!
thanks, but no thanks . i roll warlock.
this is a good tweet.
sounds like they talking to me
dont even joke like that not cool dude u know im not they u know that
seriously though, i really enjoyed ! great movie! i highly recommend it.
from ms stairs truck herself.
if you don't pass your values on to your kids, someone else will. - frank sonnenberg
children follow the path in their given society and time.
there is a bogus real kevin conroy on instagram selling signed products. that is not me! i'm not on instagram.
kevin, you can report the fake account on instagram's website.
going into the shirt business?
these were made 5 years ago
you used to be against hillary now you're 100% for her? what gives??
only cares about his legacy. knows will continue his lame policies
khan, are you at medx today? will be there later this afternoon. meet?
look me up when you are here. speaking at 5pm rm 120
learning the ropes as a hybrid author
i am writing my first memoir. this is great information.
trump only has 30 florida employees. clinton has 500!
the only type of jobs clinton will create is staffers "supporting" her.
i'm mostly saying shit to you if i quote your post and it's in turkish lol
i've decided every time you say something in turkish, you're talking shit about me.
the uses of patriotism
in four years, , many of these athletes are going to be in armed services.
braves mascot is the stupidest most blatant rip off i have ever seen
homer the brave has been on this earth longer than you
react is agnostic for a grid. found easily plugs in
yup, thanks, i understand that
golden state was looking kind of dumb with the shape of a 3 &amp; a 1 on their foreheads.
we'll give ya that one since will have 5 of those the next 5seasons.
jesus, ny traffic is out of this world! ambulances, a million people, fire trucks, construction... screams.
urgh, tell me about it!
the site says there are tdf member tickets available but i can't find them. is that a glitch?
we have had tickets, we could get more. best thing to do is check our website often!
. during primary, supported suing gun manufacturers, yet cries, "but the jobs," when us voters m.e.
. you're becoming incoherent. have you had a nap?
hey , is this the dark, evil and scary you were referring to?
she is the only thing that is evil, dark, &amp; scary. can't we just pay her to go away?
what can the fans do to help?
just follow should i leave.
you could have texted me
i half fell asleep. i woke up at 5 because i was tossing and turning. texting you now
i'm 51 today .... some thoughts ...
happy birthday! i saw a dude walking around in my 'hood with a stocktwits shirt this am, no doubt his way of celebrating
i already said bye so u can't tell me foh
well come back
there is a bogus real kevin conroy on instagram selling signed products. that is not me! i'm not on instagram.
kevin, you can report the fake account on instagram's website.
@ - learn more on the .
thanks for the
i would have gone to a different ritual haha. i only have a little time before i have to be somewhere. womp womp.
ah got it! next time :)
it's a no brainer cuz the beatles suck
you must be on a lot of drugs....
i don't have patience for people when i'm at amusement parks, get the fuck away from me and don't bump into
omg dude that is the only possible way for me to get mad at the happiest place on earth lol
who doesn't love a good time-lapse video?
thanks for posting!!!
frig! the! frig! off!!!
not until those incompletes are gone and ur getting str8 as
's candidacy has help a lot of folks discover their inner-thug. it's sad to see how many, but good to see who.
yeah i'm reporting that to they won't do anything but just for the record. that's ridiculous.
so are sexually transmitted diseases. exactly how are condoms bad? because your religion tells you?
condoms go against some people's morals and beliefs.
thank you !
np one love
getting old, but has 6 plus more years minimum. iggy is still questionable for this upcoming season
very convincing point. i hear what ur saying but i thought iggy wouldve been done this year. proved me wrong
all the coffee please...
you should have been here.
man i'm soul weary of seeing dash cam and cell phone video of black citizens in custody who end up dead. this nation has a problem.
. yep.we're weary of seeing the videos. imagine the weary people, every day getting into cars.. venturing out into ordinary lives.
i'm really gonna need fsu to step it up and destroy louisville. ok cool thanks.
hey, play nice
struggle. where the aux @
in the mail
are we a band or are we
2 many good choices can't vote. from what i've seen ur prob a band &amp; also thank gob ur not cannibals like other bands u know
now this is gonna be a good match up!
lol. no it's not chris. you know it too.
i totally forgot about this
look at that big ole blonde streak
getting old, but has 6 plus more years minimum. iggy is still questionable for this upcoming season
plus, hed have lebron on his side
so are sexually transmitted diseases. exactly how are condoms bad? because your religion tells you?
your religion evidently tells u that condoms "are ok", despite the lack of truth in the statement.
unable to freshly pair with an android wear watch in ios 10. this a known issue?
having the exact same problem
i just got tickets to see bette on broadway!
oh wow want to see that did u use ticketmaster
thanks did you decide?
yes, going to wait for 7s+, are you tweeting from your new 7?
in case i wasn't clear.." they got him ..they got him!!!"what a moment. glad i was able to capture it. grateful to o's for getting it done.
you're a baltimore treasure, mr. angel!
why does mike pence always look like he's about to introduce legislation to outlaw the x-men
cuz is a 's , , , , ?
people find how disgusting i am to be v relatable to their worst fears about what they could become
disgusting is making breakfast and having a boyfriend? i should post pics of my apartment
we just watched my millionaire dads and me. we think you rock and that you are just two amazing dads
glad u guys enjoyed it xx thanks for watching ladies xxxx
hello! if you suspect cheaters you can always report them by way of support ticket. can you provide us with a dm for more? [y]
look at the original tweet the clip is there.
it's not offensive to me with or without sarcasm... unsurprising either way. frat bros aren't a new concept in dance music
it's feeding into an already exaggerated stigma around djs/electronic music .. as figureheads to the youth it is a bad look
what timeeeeee
we go on at 8:30, doors at 7. also, tigerbeats is happening immediately following the show!
so are sexually transmitted diseases. exactly how are condoms bad? because your religion tells you?
for starters, hiv is so small, it passes directly through the latex of an otherwise intact condom.
i don't think bruce is wearing enough layers here.
it's almost fall. could be chilly. gotta layer up.
not moving goalposts. was always talking about hiring manager for programming team. small no. of candidates a real issue.
"lack of women interested in stem is a well documented fact"
i just got tickets to see bette on broadway!
see tweets saying tix r all $795
react is agnostic for a grid. found easily plugs in
yup, thanks, understand that. i like the idea of using components to "hide" the css but don't want to reinvent the wheel.
i'd need more too. i'm not sure i'd do allen and watkins for evans given the injury history.
but if everyone is healthy this would be a massive overpay..
the glass castle
loved that book!
everton of years past would have wilted after that negredo inspired own goal. koeman vintage everton brushed off the punch and rolled on
great foresight, picking coleman!
on another note, why are men so swoled up on dating sites, it's like i need to go buy creatine &amp; turkey meat to seduce these popeyes, lol
hahaha they stole up top but then no leg days
i don't use the word popping!
this was a direct quote
the best thing about is that once it's open, you basically have to drink it.
same thing with condoms
wtf ! is that !!!
there are a number of people offering bids at this time
1. agree with this. qualified conservative punditry was replaced with newbies whose lone qualification was pro-trump
the fact that they have ppl like corey, kayleigh and scottie on that lie even when shown proof they r wrong is amazing
the biggest problem i have with the dyson airblade is that i have to stand on my tippy toes to dry my balls.
do you use one hand hole or both?
king of kewl
king of them
i'll be there too!
i'll keep an eye out for you! i was gonna say watch for a gray outfit and red hair but these name tags are probably more useful!
wish you were there to join me
me too. but i would need some more time than a few months to get to your level again. go get famous for me bb
no you fucking retard read the article it says betnie voted way of bush to 30% to hrc 49%!
why are your swearing? you're wrong. just accept and move on. article doesn't support your claims.
been thinking about this, too.
how tech gets adopted in culture is fascinating. talking on phone is normal, google glass was for dorks
but like where they at tho
trust...you gotta just wait for it
has my phone
can u stop yall confusing me
it's really something
not even sarah paulson or scarlett johansson in an ss uniform can make it anything but a struggle to get through.
don't want to hear the derwin james excuse for fsu. lamar jackson is just going off
no one's making excuses. there is still a 2nd half to be played.
she was just happy to be there, the all american herself.
haha dope throwback
what is this hahaha
i was really drunk... this wasn't a subtweet i hope
friend who works for riot fest feeding me morrissey behavior updates.
this is greatness
little league baseball, winnemac park.
such an awesome park! i miss it! hope all is beautiful.
don't want to hear the derwin james excuse for fsu. lamar jackson is just going off
worry about ohio.
he's right, as any rational person and business owner knows.
are you are rational person telling me that trump is gracious and generous? to who..... his family?
best wishes!! have a great walk!
words can't express how wonderful it is to breathe &amp; exercise
i wrote it to be accessible to bright high school students. some prints won't work on your machine, tho not necessary to do all.
check this out: a full chess set at an art gallery entirely 3d printed:
how tech gets adopted in culture is fascinating. talking on phone is normal, google glass was for dorks
aligning yourself with culture, like music, seems like a good tactic
if you wanna come thru tn snap/dm or text a mf, if you can come. i'm not having a bunch of random shit heads at my house fucking shit up
did no one invite you to my place last night? you know you're always invited right? lol
you have to behave at the table or clean the dishes... free coding weekend with
haha. uk brandnames crack me up: "soda crystals" and "fairy".
i'm thinking lacroix sweetie
then you're buying that yourself honey!
lol people are so rude to black people on a everyday day basis. i've learned to laugh at it.
and i'm not talking about white people.
see what is waiting for you at .
thank you for hustling me to relapse with my gambling addiction.
i don't keep up with pop culture
she saying you can be a scammer. like joanne
why the fuck would anyone be fucking friends with somebody that owes you money???????
like they obviously don't give a fuck so why do you?
haha thanks man! now i know what it's like to make it.
that twitter engagement for you must be right now.
can someone come cuddle with me on the hammock on my roof before i die
seriously someone come over with a fkn case of beer and a speaker
if you wanna come thru tn snap/dm or text a mf, if you can come. i'm not having a bunch of random shit heads at my house fucking shit up
i asked artie if he did this morning and he was like shit i forgot to tell him
can't wait to visit the castle next month all the way from hawaii
that will be awesome! let us know when you arrive. mahalo!
does anybody know where i can get my phone fixed in the bronx?
1800 fix it on westchester sq they do it so quick too
he was about the iraq war.. that's the only vote i would need except i actually feel as i know and trust bernie
and bernie wants you to vote hillary. so maybe your trust isn't all that strong. purity over reality?
do more listening than talking; talk more about them than about you. roy t. bennett
we easily forget this wisdom. lets practice every day.
apple watch 2 review: there's finally a reason to buy a smartwatch
to damage your eyes squinting? to use a magnifine glass in public 100 times a day? gfy
make it affordable? how does that help us with debt
you will be able to refinance student loans. you can calculate amount of $ you'll save:
our intuitions aren't so nice and neat as to always choose the path that leads to wellbeing.
obviously. that's why it's 'humanism' and not just 'normal behavior'.
uh-oh... i think he's just blown his motivation for his new jet
probably thinks we'll feel bad for him.
everything i never told you by celeste ng (). because the story won't let me go.
we read this for my book club. i agree - good book and the story sticks with you.
by the way, how's the emt thing going?
lol it has its days let me tell you. lol but it's great
breaking: pipe bomb explodes at marine charity run in seaside park, nj obama built that
he sure did.!!! our country is tanking!
this narrow shared street has speed humps. without them drivers will speed.
if you carefully, you'll see speed hump at end of this narrow street. should have taken more pics.
every porn user, pedophile, fornicator, transsexual, adulterer, homosexual, rapist, and luster will have to answer to god.
um... casting the first stone? remember this: you will too. judge not, lest ye be judged.
cuz they not you !
i hear datttt shit
and i'm not talking about white people.
cause the white people i deal with go out their way to be nice to no look like a racist
understood. let us know if you haven't received any word after the allotted time and we'd be happy to investigate for you. ^ty
thank you - one thing you could do is aim for a response time of under 10-14 days; that just makes united seem even more impersonal
way before instagram and bearded hipsters there lies madonna in the 70s sun.
just as ugly then as she was a few yrs later on bandstand and as she is today
this new drifters trailer is really good
aww jeez, it starts airing in 20 days
i'd need more too. i'm not sure i'd do allen and watkins for evans given the injury history.
i sent a counter watkins, allen, and smallwood for evans reed 1st and 2ne
me as a 4evr21 employee: "please give me the goddamn aux i am begging you"
play my harambe playlist
that's when it gets tough because the hall loves stats, and revis just doesn't have them no matter how good he was
but even with that, you knoooow revis is that good. like that's not up for debate so i don't think it'll be an issue.
very nice crowded as hell though
at this location i see a lot of fans!
haha yeah i new about it i was just caught up in other shiit. y'all come thru tn! i'm having a lil get together
alright good lol and okay i'll talk to him i work till 10 but still
if you want a sticker, see the dork in the animal farm shirt ()
where did you find that shirt!?!?! want
thanks to my twitter family! w/love
my sweet pleasure. thanks for the mention.
the snaps you sent me accumulated to 70 seconds
that's when you know it's bad
don't make me pull out these screenshots
woah. let's try not to make the block hot.
couldn't be more proud of my boy
ayyy that's me
went to get the new iphone before i leave town at the store &amp; no such luck. all they had left was gold color. c'est la vie.
pre order was a must! got my 7 plus yesterday and didn't have to wait on any crazy lines for it.
same here and neither did i. hope i did it right.
yep you gents are fine - see you there!
if you carefully, you'll see speed hump at end of this narrow street. should have taken more pics.
also note there's no stop or yield signs at the intersection. people go slow, give way to whoever a there first.
clemson might score .
this is y college football sucks
react is agnostic for a grid. found easily plugs in
i looked at flexboxgrid but it's break points sizes are odd compared to any other grid systems. it just just behave right for me.
. looks good in the abstract - question is, how do we use it in real situations, where there are tons of variables?
the tons of variables comes from connecting the nemes using simple rules. my fav du jour is refine intent. n.e.m.e refine intent
mine is pretty good.
that looks great! print it up on stickers!
'anthology' seems to be the word of the moment' to only do we have the erasure from moscow to mars release dead...
was just thinking this the other day. we've got marc almond too with a set as well.
i'm so ready for the lapis and peridot fusion by the way
peridot is my favorite gem by a mile
... of the season and see how we do from there. maybe a budget boost in january to get some fresh legs in and who knows what will happen.
listened in from the sunny states for the second half, sounded like it was all city. rod knows what he's doing
read the information on the picture? lol
sounds like a pretty good deal i defietly would go for the snap chat
is currently experiencing departure delays between 46 mins and 1 hr due to rwy:construction
departure delays are no longer in effect for
. booth . all women comix, creators of color too from all parts. needed diversity for the medium!
thank you for stopping by! :)
now, this is infill. nobody gets evicted for this.
oddly serendipitous outcome of la's auto-oriented past is that we have so many parking lots &amp; garages we can redevelop :)
happy birthday to my mans go h town
haha thanks man appreciate it
happy birthday!! hope cali is treatin ya well!
thanks shannon miss you
vawls secondary just got blown up for 45 yard pass for ohio, kid was wide open
vawls couldn't stop a 3rd and 17
not much in the way of role selection.
at least it seems accurate about your alignment.
welcome to sexism, racism, anti-athleticism, anti-intellectualism (michelle doesn't have to lie about her degrees).
icymi-bulge in mo's dress in meme is bc "michelle is a man" is a thing with trumpkins
(well she certainly does have more balls than ronnie - living in his rancid little basket.)
and also bigger ones than trump.
yeah, just gets stuck after this part
same problem, also with a moto 360 from 2015
hey eric! we were able to locate the following store in your area:target 139 flatbush ave, brooklyn, ny. thanks!
thx! btw both my nyc have 3 rows of classic coke in vending machines - this is where you need to have coke life!!
i will write four sad songs for piano this weekend
i'm in a good mood tho, thanks friends. i also had lyrics that i should have jotted down but i got distracted thinking about jonbent case
dude looks like jim from the office
i don't see it
vawls secondary just got blown up for 45 yard pass for ohio, kid was wide open
ohio back in red zone
why you promoting fuckery
i dead ass be having class with girls like that tho. it's so annoying.
wait what's this you're saying about being 32 years old and playing kickball?
nothing. i just didn't know people could get struck out in kickball
i think asante, champ and woodson will be the next cbs in hof and revis's numbers don't stack up even tho he was dominant
champ and woodson will get in first. i don't even know if asante will get in tbh. revis isn't first ballot but will be there
w.p. kinsella, author of 'shoeless joe,' dies at 81 via
interesting. it was kevin costner who played ray kinsella in field of dreams. "shoeless joe"(ray liotta).
pretending that pneumonia is allergies
pretending neurological condition is pneumonia.
i would never want to see you for how ugly you are
i'm that much of a dick?
pz myers first blocked me and then . me this devastating burn, what an utter coward
to think i enjoyed reading this guy once
man why you keep asking this lmao
just want everyone to think about it
the game always trying to stay relevant
its not like he don't have bars tho so
this girl went to la two weeks in a row and didn't meet up for group work and now is tryna make me feel bad cause i don't wanna
drive to sf to work on it today or tomorrow, lmao bitch it's the weekend, fuck u
about to take the lead.
yup red zone
sending your money to oligarchs
. bs+jos very much insider. 4 real-estate+new vacation home,antiques biz, board $ for vt-tx nuclear waste mgmt, tax returns?
i want to go to the purpose tour so badly i can't even explain how bad i want it
i want to see him again
i guarantee 90% of shitlibs don't know this is obamas mama ?
see it's ppl like you that show stuff like this &amp; ur lies...you can go to the devil i'm sure you 2 will get along splendidly!
update: i just paused it to answer a phone call &amp; im not even turning it back on.
the walking dead? i still do. the end of the season gets better.
. the point is, we have a great need to simplify, but often the simplified version remains very complex - emphasizing the need
. you need physical manipulation to be simple. words by nature are complex. computer screens are complex.
whole thread.
i mentioned to i hadn't heard of this debacle until emailed by an author friend. that's how many heard.
five star commentary today
just doing what i can for the boys
dinner table question last night: what's the most out-there conspiracy theory you believe?
the phantom time conspiracy-- that 600-900 ad was made up by french monks.
travis shaw is hitting .308/.355/.500 in 9 games since returning to the lineup in place of yoan moncada.
john! keep moncada on that top step!
my masculine purchases. a great shine on the dishes though. ;)
i love going into uk grocery stores and reading names. dib dab... candy. anusol... hemorrhoid cream.
goodnight shaniqua thank you for your time
i really hate you
interesting! temporal curve generation out of a sequence of discreet points forming a poly line
could be the academic title of the paper :)
he hops in everybody beef so
i heard there was a reason why he beefing with him rn.
i wanted some but i didn't wanna take any chances.
lol what's a gal to do
"silly string is like purell for cats" - max
what tf was the context for this one
why is that weird
it's not weird but random because we were talking about fb
whhhhaaaa? is related to ?
i know ! impressive right ?
imagine if twitter millennials actually fucking got up and went to their local school and voted??
youre to blame
id drag you down and put you in your place.
but shed your skin, you change your face.
oh wow...... don't ya think ?
*ty* dear sis-a-roo 4 always thinking of me:-) have an awesome weekend ahead! xoxo
no response from seattle dug registration please advise.
hi rupesh! where did you register?
"you can fight against the tide, trying to make order, or you can accept that we will never know it all..."
hi! great to see you back. lots been happening while you were gone. check out the images in my persona to get an idea.
wait, are you saying that without a speed hump there, people would still drive too fast?
well, the dutch engineers did. i agree, though. people always push the limits. regardless of mode, of course.
lot of time left but man this is looking good
yep, need to keep it up
i saw last night and she's the cutest thing ever &amp; i figured out we work together now :')
you're so sweet :') can't wait
cal or not, federal constitutional rights are at stake here, and thus would be appealable to scotus.
also true. remembering all the jx requirements that still make my head spin at times.
im usin the wifi in this cave
that's what she said
"we'll go to the pet store and buy you a caterpillar, i'll hide it in my bra" - max
and this one
i know some republicans. i know some republicans who are not racists. they want to believe trump isn't a racist
nah, there's nothing to believe. he is a racist.
whaat. finish season 6 idk how you could you hate it..
it's not a good enough show for all the fucked up shit they do, at least in my opinion
coinbase has now traded over $5b usd worth of digital currency!
congrats! that's a big milestone
i still can't find the red toe anywhere.
haven't they released a couple of times?
for those interested/concerned etc. what songs would you be interested in erasure performing (acoustically), at the birmingham fan thingy?
no matter where i am, even on some spiritual plane, i want you to always play phantom bride. ;^)
yo even my boy scumbag steve knows what's good
dude scumbag steve looks like ricky
lol long story i'll tell you at work.
that the dude that beats people up for wearing supreme?
also, the only tie i own is one i stole like 4 years ago from at gdc at a bar one night with . thanks kramer!
you're welcome?
keep dreaming in color and drawing your dreams on cement floors until they are realized
loved helping the honest co. with chocolates
looking forward to these two reads.
woah those both look great. curious what you think of them!
and you've each won a ticket to see marc kinchen this saturday at sugar hill disco!
get back to me!
to one of the first pictures i have with my best friend jennie !! i hope you had the best...
you were a very cute kid
so are sexually transmitted diseases. exactly how are condoms bad? because your religion tells you?
in my opinion, condoms encourage prostitution.
you should really read that article again because nothing you quote is right.
seems like you really don't know how to read text and numbers together. try again.
i say this not just because i'm a devoted, lunatic (is there annny other?) jets fan, but because i must! all of this over the top piling on&gt;
...&amp;all this dumping on by droves of idiots is just beyond baffling. 90% of the idiots never played fball or a sport&gt;
. is ready for the commonwealth clash tomorrow night! see you at klckner!
this only confirms what i have always thought--that is the ringleader behind all the mayhem.
what trump just did is a disgrace.
if you tweet hillary don't bother as google is erasing all of her twieets to protect her from getting her feelings hurt
yeah on believe tour
oh so you never saw the purpose tour
going on inside maine with in just a couple moments!
is so dishonest he spreads lies and tells half the story
the weekly let-down: over-priced delivery charges or late deliveries. (now 30 minutes late)
looks delicious though.
here's the work of the alt right..'stheir symbol,bannon who runs trump campaign is their boytrump jr rt them
this is crazy awful. why isnt denouncing this? why is msm still treating him as a legit candidate?
jet black iphone is perdy and unlike the matte black, it's super grippy. i'd want it just for that reason.
your mom said the same thing to me last night
my boy really doing big things here at uconn! wya
head so big it blocked the score board
it turns out they go outside for part of the interview, but i stand by the joke.
it's a good joke. bruce is being very dad in that pic. none of his style choices make sense anyway.
ha! i'd rather go naked.
and when are those pics coming?
but otherwise she had no real concerns
that's smart, good planning, man. it's never easy to lose a pet. i'm still dealing with losing oscar...
is currently experiencing delays averaging 41 mins due to low ceilings
a delay program for is no longer in effect
that puss still drinks his mom titty milk you have more authorization then him
don't make me have take care of my light work
current nexus 6/android 7 status: no official release. last beta was from july. phones on beta program have received no security patches.
that's weird, my n9 on the beta program got nougat and security patches a week ago
i hope the problem behind dgs isn't "we're afraid to localize it" uh it's meiji-era japan and aa takes place 2016 and onward
but i bet it';s because sherlock is a main character and the doyle estate is leaning hard on them
let's make it happen next time you're here. i can give you the grand tour
i'm there in two days...
furthermore, he urged people to fly saa. but he's too good for saa, i guess.
mostly expensive that saa.
it turns out they go outside for part of the interview, but i stand by the joke.
also i did not know they were going outside either it was just a joke about bruce being a prepared dad.
he's this dude that pick fights and assaults people who wear supreme
but he is wearing... nevermind
nope and i never will
why do you say that
rain a slight damper on day festivities with off/on looking likely rest of the day. turf firmness less issue than slick grass.
since you at wb, no plays posted. only bel and cd? have a nice time.
oh wow! the greatest match of the china open so far! xu xin vs wong chun ting! highlights:
i got server error
indigenous people engineered corn, and white people have the audacity to say we made no advances to society????
we gave y'all potatoes, tomatoes, beans, squash, chocolate so next time somebody come at you talking shit about our people remind them
hate or hate trump, you have to credit him for tapping into the fact that dems have become the party of us intellectual elitist a.
intellect elitists? disagree strongly. loaded phrasing hope you'll rethink it. trump built base on anti-intellectualism platform.
still the cal s.ct. has a liberal reputation. don't see them upholding this rubbish law.
*fingers crossed* it doesn't pass to begin with.
i hate watching the sox on fox
i can't decide what's worse: fox or the yes network
. my new favorite neighborhood
it's two blocks away and i've been meaning to try it!
and then it came out late again and that is boring that this is late again. but i'm still excited for it!
but your excitement wasn't what came through... your anger was. that's hurtful.
hey, media. he's used you for years, laughs at you now. you have 50 days to fix this.
trojan horse's ass?
but i bet it';s because sherlock is a main character and the doyle estate is leaning hard on them
tho like....... isn't sherly public domain now
okay but which bio do i put?
whichever one you like best ;)
i'm a min-maxer, so frame it under that. pogo has a definite ev, especially if your time is limited
i'm also a min maxer in context. but the point of the game is acquisition, social sharing, and bragging rights
milo to deliver major anti-alt-wrong speech at university of houston: 'how to destroy the alt-right'
every america-first fan must take time to listen to milo yiannopoulos as america's youth save western civilization
marc jacobs been copying my designs for 7 years.please read and retweet!check at
that's a bummer but its not first.most high and mid end fashion brands have a lawsuit against them unless they are really unique
some say purpose is discovered, others say it's created. thoughts?
clear purpose emerges from the fuzzy purpose we already have.
i really appreciate all of the positive feedback from everyone about my 'football life' episode! thank you
those you don't know u, learned type kind of person u r.! honored to know u &amp; u listened to !! &amp; retired w/dignity
is the next platform: will , &amp; , experiences for all
nice! thx :)
w &amp; a duck go beat
hello, brian and frank!
i don't know why this is pertinent?
bc i only learned about this via email. otherwise i wouldn't have known. many miss twitter only events.
p.s i hope the cream worked
lmao! oh yes, very soothing! haha
that's the way to do it. keep up with the secure habit.
additionally, i signed us up for 1password for families. secure all the things!
dear bay area furries, but especially , , and : thank you for helping make my visit so wonderful!
safe travels! i was such a wonderful surprise to see you! :)
fuck supreme? but he's wearing supreme boxers! fraud
loool the "fuck supreme" guy
if you are not following you should be ... not only a funny lady but a deeply intelligent one who tells truth ~ seriously.
have always loved roseanne. smart and funny!
crazy maureen dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing , pretends she knows me well--wrong!
crazy tweet
i like it over there..used to live in lomita.
my partner used to live in torrance... south bay is nice, great weather. kinda far to commute downtown though.
hi darren. busy this morning. having dinner tonight with my son &amp; grandson. have a wonderful weekend
happy saturday jon. awesome ! have a great time :-)
: try subbing pumpkin for classic syrup in your :
i love that.
...&amp;all this dumping on by droves of idiots is just beyond baffling. 90% of the idiots never played fball or a sport&gt;
above elementary school/lil' league/pop warner level. 99% of those who played prob sucked and then theres the professional idiots&gt;
and then it came out late again and that is boring that this is late again. but i'm still excited for it!
either way he could make a bad youtube video and i'd still dig it.
"honey! the movers are here-!"
"wait, did you say to pick up 140 west 0ak or 104?"
i don't know why this is pertinent?
if you're referring to something that happened on twitter, anyway. (i'm just guessing from the other day.)
we gave y'all potatoes, tomatoes, beans, squash, chocolate so next time somebody come at you talking shit about our people remind them
that they owe their diet and culinary successes to indigenous people and their agriculture
watching demolition man
just saw a barrel in the opening scene labeled c4. lol
having some eggs and toast with a side of tortilla chips for breakfast
breakfast of champions
my gyms comment was hyperbolic but not far from the truth
as bragging rights is like 1/3 of the ultimate object of the game (and a good %of items) gyms are by definition one of the mains
can't take credit. found it online. couldn't find source either. props to whoever made it.
i need to see this
god bless chevans for thinking up that stupid game because of this face and the noises he made
it's so stupid omg
yes. do you think the earth is flat? that's the current premise of your argument. still haven't proven your original statement
ask mommy to help you turn on the computer
yup ymape nigga wearing supreme
lol what a fucking clown
aside from the barcode that was yours and that you claimed was you when he played, sure.
i have literally 0 ideas what your trying to go on about, he streamed the games on my barcode back in hots.
i don't know why this is pertinent?
w/ the mansplaining?
looking through all the posts/tweets. so much puggy goodness!
i am seriously regretting not flying out there..
i'd never have the balls. but now you can say that it happened
he fucking left me high and dry
lol number 2 look better than raw sex tho
if we're keepin it all the way funky!
maybe the thing wasn't a bomb. maybe it was jus someone throwing their phone in the garbage.
pipe bombs found ,not a joke
nigga for harassing people everywhere !! fuck you mean why ??
that shit was fucking hilarious tho...i guess u right
for starters, hiv is so small, it passes directly through the latex of an otherwise intact condom.
"the rubber comprising latex condoms has intrinsic voids about 5 microns (0.0002 inches) in size,"
it was....uncomfortable.
was better than the back of a volkswagen
i'm a min-maxer, so frame it under that. pogo has a definite ev, especially if your time is limited
i think u might be confusing leveling (cosmetic kpi largely) with min maxing
what he do? mad bossy
he goes around and insults and attacks people with supreme clothing on
thanks for reaching out! please note that drinking alcohol in your uber is generally frowned on.
. that's some bullshit since it's not a law
aside from the barcode that was yours and that you claimed was you when he played, sure.
there was nothing to hide, and their never will be, im not some pro or anyone relevant i have no idea why.
the other guys.
ain't seent you in at least 3 years but i'm a man of my word lol
i am 20 ft. away from a shake shack, do i or do i not
is that even a question honestly
. had positive words for last night on "hannity."
thank you as i firmly believe he is for all of us ! all americans !
many woonerfs also w textured surfaces, xwalk bumpouts, deliberately meandering layouts ...
cobblestones def slowed bike traffic, but were hell on luggage, old folks walking
bqe has n/r or g running nearby in a better location. sunrise hwy has the lirr babylon in median
true. but wouldn't rail connecting si to dtbk to s bx be nice? every piece of that is rm
i usually drive a 5 min loop with about 12 stops while my wife swipes them all for both of us.
cars are the killer app. i live in nyc so we rarely drive
aside from the barcode that was yours and that you claimed was you when he played, sure.
there is a need to bring up nonsense to feel relevance. are we that empty inside boys? xd
"the rubber comprising latex condoms has intrinsic voids about 5 microns (0.0002 inches) in size,"
"contrarily, the aids virus is only 0.1 micron (4 millionths of an inch) in size."
that they owe their diet and culinary successes to indigenous people and their agriculture
youre welcome italy for your pasta sauce youre welcome ireland for giving you a food staple youre welcome germany for your chocolate
i don't wanna say someone stole my car but i also don't wanna say that i'm dumb enough to have misplaced my car
the irony in this is that i'm now late for work....at a car museum
our friendship will not be based off subtweets. i promise
lol nah i certainly knew this wasn't a subtweet to me, i just wanted to interfere
agreed, even jim hansen (a conservative) says it must be rev neutral so that it can pass congress but disregards campaign $$$
he argues a tax better than other regulatory approaches in part by assuming it won't be legislatively gamed.
ok, need a link to watch from sicily...
you would not want to be watching this game so far.....
i'm the happiest girl alive
i'm the most hungover girl alive
welcome to my life since i got back from az
shoulda stayed in the damn heat
i mean drew brees is a goat in passing yards but he's al time in pass attempts per game lol
exactly lol stats can be inflated in that regard. like asante was a ball hawk but he also got beat frequently for gambling
sherlock's complicated. the first novels are public but the estate claims the character we know is derived from later works
man, that's definitely what it is. man just change his name them. call him schlock.
nails it. my quote gives credit amid a warning: tv news shd stop playing stooge for trump.
yes. and media should refuse to cover any event at a trump branded location.
not true. i could not be less of a bigot. you don't know anything about me to make that claim
todd, this moron is a brainwashed parrot. anyone who doesn't worship oscuma is a "bigot."
i really don't think being comfortable in your body equates to posting hella naked pictures online, but continue...
that reads more you're looking for validation to me. to each his own, though.
sos got mad followers and she putting me on blast
lmaoo nobody is checking for me
fantastic to hear. no wonder you're so slim nowadays all freed up and running !
there's probably a uk word for running, like "flap-footery" or "joggaboshery".
you're a legend mick! thank you for judging semi-finals!
the best tag team ever rockansock much love rock miss your ass in the ring
above elementary school/lil' league/pop warner level. 99% of those who played prob sucked and then theres the professional idiots&gt;
the who back-peddled faster than some1 guarding in his prime steve nash off a fast-break transition. so what we&gt;
energy to power thru it lol
it started off so boring that i was beginning to doubt it but it gets better sis!
we have a different problem in my town. very few multi-lane roads outside of downtown. many of our arterials are 1 ln/dir
where do you live? i thought concord.
peters's is bloated and midler's is bland imo
you're really giving us all the hot takes today!!
if you're not here at , my talk about 1.0 is also at i announced that i'm stepping down.
congratulations sam. you did incredibly important work. thanks for everything.
he's not even coming to my country, but i could go to another country if i had tickets
oh where do you live
what do you think it is? exclusivity?
yes. your point on placement is true but doesn't explain y's 30min avg view time. look at tencent+nba. massive .
thoughts on new phone case???
it's a gem.
. i am also being censored many of my tweets are blocked and say failed to tweet!
that has happened to me ... about 5 -10 mins later they show up on my tl
what i'm saying is, why did no one send out a mass email for angie's two day long hate storm?
oh, i don't know. i don't who angie is.
but then how do you get your risotto to go go?
i've been told by several reliable sources that my business idea is in fact not worth $1b
how is it even possible to be that gorgeous i just
holy shit thats so nice wtf i you
"maine is in play!" - on inside maine with
will have a heart attack if takes maine go trump
fancy. what's in my head is more of a logistics/ops-minded coordinator of resources, but i like this role. thank you.
yw. what you're describing sounds more like a "legal project manager", ideally someone w/legal exp and pm training
promising myself a gift of a new digital drawing/graphics editor after i'm done w this project. pixelmator is too damn buggy.
wow still? always has been then
where can i go on the internet where there's no fake people trying to sell me shit?
sorry dude...no such place exists....on the internet :p
sorry about that just that it feels like he don't care so much anymore. and that makes me sad and angry.
...he has a life outside of his band, i'm sure?? and he's not the only one *in* his band?? patience, 'doll.
"would it comport with traditional notions of fair play and substantial justice..." golden line of j/d questions
i will shove that international shoe so far up your ass!
youre welcome italy for your pasta sauce youre welcome ireland for giving you a food staple youre welcome germany for your chocolate
tired tired of people not valuing the contributions indigenous people have to the rest of the world so next time you look at the food on
can you show something with bokeh?
bokeh not launched yet!
he probably out of habit threw the ball to the official because he's used to touch backs
i thought he thought the ref was a teammate or something. but that makes sense i guess. sure.
fuck - this is a terrible, arrogant idea. "real-time election day projections may upend news tradition"
"we're flipping up the kimono and letting people see," says d-bag founder. haha what a naughty boy!
jesus, ny traffic is out of this world! ambulances, a million people, fire trucks, construction... screams.
omg this is why i like it here in palo alto
carson wentz got me hype.. nick foles could neva! kevin kolb who? sam bradford what??
lmao wow i forgot about hoot ass kevin kolb
tired tired of people not valuing the contributions indigenous people have to the rest of the world so next time you look at the food on
your plate think about where it came from
oh, good. random anxiety. that's always fun. *glares*
i'm sorry. it sucks. you'll get through it.
i still hold x-men:tas as the goat but btas is right there next to it!
btas. great art. great feel. great voice work. spawned the entire dcau. classic episodes. it will be studied for decades.
i mean email was still a thing last week :)
i got it yesterday about laura s (who i hadn't heard of/didn't follow). but yes. email is a good way to alert!
i wondered if all would give them up. brady took the bullet for reagan after all. not a guard.
dt practically begging some1 to take her out &amp; suggests disarm? no way.
its pretty clear that bob arum will never make a good fight off ppv and that haymon wont when he has a million dates
debateable. crawford tested market and reaction will mean shift in leverage imo
last day in the city by the bay. wonderful time. will miss my friends especially , my hostess w/the mostest. dvr has ou covered.
lovely to have you to get a snapshot of bay area traffic, sublime cuisine &amp; best baseball team (but alas no noli &amp; millie)
"contrarily, the aids virus is only 0.1 micron (4 millionths of an inch) in size."
"this is a factor of 50 smaller than voids inherent in rubber, hiv can readily pass through condom"
sitting next to two virgin america first-timers (meta-virgins?), and they're about to get their minds blown by a 17-minute safety video.
i know hat whole goddamn song by heart by now. it was funny the first 3 times.
it's feeling like a 300+ day to me, last time he played he had 461
- definitely, that would be awesome. i'm rooting for him and the cardinals today!
i'm throwing no stones. lol john 7:24 "do not judge by appearances, but judge with right judgment."
"for in the same way you judge others, you will be judged, and with the measure you use, it will be measured to you."
where you usually wear your watch kiet?! ;-)
on my wrist silly, where else?
it is far..i just loved the weather, but actually (don't laugh) missed the sfv. i guess its because i grew up here. (all over)
the valley is great! :)
but like where they at tho
in my case, at the cafes lol ...which makes sense tbh
the who back-peddled faster than some1 guarding in his prime steve nash off a fast-break transition. so what we&gt;
have here is a pretty good role-player, who cldnt hold revis's jock in terms of talent re:his sport, let alone &gt;
media needs to drop euphemisms and start using "lie" when reporting on -
absolutely. lie, liar, lying, whatever form of the word. time to use it.
a year of being american and i've actually lost a little weight. i'm doing something wrong
not enough bacon, beer, or fried things.
almost done with my first album in a long ass time! produced by
good knock them dead
still never heard hrc say pbo was born in kenya? but i know who said it, built support off it, &amp; hired pi's
because you don't bother to read anything that isn't lefty propaganda. it came from her camp!
her campaign manager in 2008 said that it was a staff member of the campaign that started the birther movement
actually it started in 2004 in illinois politics.
i'm a fairly emotionally straightforward guy but i'm really choked up reading these right now
for sure. particular the ones about being scared of interacting with kids.
birthday drinks waiting for the taxi
have a wonderful time!
haha no brooklyn!
that's very far from columbia. is it like your country retreat?
remember that's exactly what i was doing when you interviewed me!
best hire we made. ;)
remember fred jones from scooby doo? this is him now, feel old yet?
wait a sex paul, i got ine comin too
yesssssssssss now go score again
wow quick!!!
what? you don't use your thermometer to test baby water?
i think if you are going for medium rare you need a bit more heat.
"we're flipping up the kimono and letting people see," says d-bag founder. haha what a naughty boy!
"it's what campaigns do," he says, committing a huge category error and missing the point altogether.
lol yes and you have to dress up! we are gonna try to decorate the whole inside of the barn
omg yessssssssss i'm so happy omg i'll help decorate id love to help omg omg omg
remember fred jones from scooby doo? this is him now, feel old yet?
wait a sec paul, i got one comin too
what the fuck why does your screen look like all its life it had to fight
i was going to make a joke about gay niggaz and immune systems but its is disgusting even for me....loool
ok. so say one day you wake up and look outside. the "vote trump" sign you proudly display on your lawn is cut in half. you're furious. but-
after watching the video on your security cam, you see a man dressed as a ninja walk up and slice it in half? would you be mad anymore?
angela thomas, whose book the hate u give was recently bought in a 13 house auction. huge news.
wow--i'll google. 13 house?? that's fantastic.
blm youth circumvented by uk frequent arrests2keep them away from polls
we need to get them out there
no fortuna light 100s with them?
sorry we're out. :/
she don't believe in shooting stars but she believe in shoes and cars
wood floors in the new apartment
instead of pinot noir , and i sang sorry last night because beyonce.
no video?!
nissa, vital force by clint cearley
planeswalkers standing on roofs is becoming a thing
swindon were left fuming today...
definitely correct decision
you don't have to reply to all the dumb questions.
no, but i don't want misinformation to spread
have here is a pretty good role-player, who cldnt hold revis's jock in terms of talent re:his sport, let alone &gt;
be mentioned in the same sentence with revis in terms of the type of man, player and professional he is
activists in action! please rt!
if activists are as terrifying as you say, why don't you have more footage than this clip you've now shared with me 3 times?
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
so why are you so sensitive?
yo yo yo. thanks for coming to my stream and supporting me even after 7 months. i can feel the love and it's just what the doctor ordered.
sigh i totally missed the legendary cakie. feelsbadman hope all is well jen!
lol don't forget avocado for their chipotlay
aguacate!! this list goes on and on!
yeah, i could go to croatia or austria to see him, but i don't have the tickets
could you drive there and buy tickets
oh, hey, look at that bad ass pin that sent me. perfect for my blazers!
nice! diggin' the b&amp;w shot!
wishing everyone involved in avenue q a tremendous opening night!
thanks, boo!
no, real animal lovers know rally just slick pricy nyclass pr ploy. millions spent, not one horse helped.
i think you are accusing me of something here but i sure can't make sense of what you are trying to say.
you spelled heaven wrong
squished charley &amp; made him cry
best full moon ever last night!
a nice clear night on li to see it.
when your friends say they won't vote, ask how much student debt they have. there's only one candidate who will make college affordable.
go back in ur hole bernie can't have everything for free some people have to work to pay for this crap
oh good i'm glad is gonna talk about nothing but the fucking yankees...
it's nauseating. and we're also apparently supposed to feel sorry for joe girardi.
oright, today is apple day. no one pays attention to anything but their new phones. great. moving right along.
meh. new phones are alright. boring tho.
miss this more and more everyday
d!! miss you
i still laugh when i think about this bc i literally didnt see ur face i recognized u by ur hair
haha omg thats so funny
it's time for tv news to stop playing the stooge for donald trump. my column
exactly. thank you. all media needs to refuse to cover any event held at a trump branded location.
are there people actually defending mccleary? it was a needless red card which could completely change the game.
defending? no, definite red and wish he hadn't. but i like the motivation and it didn't cost us so we move on?
people have no originality. how many harley quinns and jokers should we expect?
fewer than harambe but more than trump and clinton.
where does that go? asking for a friend.
it's meant to be shared among friends. there's no wrong way to use it
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
happy birthday my new president love debnam family
what is this
dude, i don't even know. me three years ago was something else i guess.
can we take a moment to thank god for being on the cover of vanity teen
he was so fun to shoot &lt;3
it you want cyclists to follow the same rules of the road, maybe install stoplight sensors that can detect them.
agreed. i'm always afraid the "malfunctioning light" argument won't hold up the one time i need it.
be mentioned in the same sentence with revis in terms of the type of man, player and professional he is
jrs "tired of everyone dumping on revis.." so his remedy to the problem is dump on him some more?? makes sense!
hi alex, we apologize for any misunderstanding. different strokes is a play on words, as each massage we offer utilizes...
haha not offended, just amused.
not even dressing their best goalie though.
that too. but that's one of a long list of things.
not that i've heard. probably an arab who wanted to injury/kill marines. it was a marine charity race if i've read correctly
also probably a trickle down affect- one asshole in the nfl won't stand for the anthem- the rest of the nuts think this is ok?
nash at the magazine vanity teen-
he was so fun to shoot &lt;3
yeah the problem is i don't have money for the tickets
try going ticket less then
he would either just allow himself to get killed immediately or go on a murder rampage imo
he does have &amp; so i could see him taking out some big-name canadians before someone takes him down w/ a trident
superstar firms are gaining control of entire markets and finding new ways to stay there
more firms are dying than being born... capitalism dies on this premise... no?
not really trap but eh still can get down
i was thinking about that. but i gotta go work beyonc tonight
cannot! my daughter wants me to follow her to maldives in april!!!
wow i'd take that over nyc anyway.
your man trump was pushing this like crazy now we are all suppose to forget
lol! of all the shit killary has pulled, you morons beat this dead horse? weak!
update: the vodafone routing outage in berlin prevents the game update download from completing
this is why onlive was so great, it had none of that. given a fast and working internet, of course.
dumpster fire update: new mexico 21, rutgers 0.
why no update? maybe you should stick to asking petrino about his motorcycle companions...
excited to share love with new teachers today. thx
awesome! thanks for sharing! have a great day of learning!
this cashier really just played me and honestly i'm not even mad cause she has some real balls
i accidentally said black coffee instead of skim milk and she was about to hand it to me and i said i'm sorry can i actually
by tomorrow you mean like in a few minutes?
yes po hahaha
trump "doesn't hurl personal insults" - (8/21/16)
can we add my father will so a lot for women too...
you gonna be in nyc around the 6th? shots?
tonight?! where at
i thought you took better care of your things.
but it just feels better witout it...been a rap ever sense
you pull those number out of your ass?
yeah they were deep up there kellen helped me out
looking at it again i think sherlock is p clearly public domain now but i bet there's still worries
maybe it's like what happened with lupin, where using his name wasn't illegal in japan, but illegal everywhere else, or something
there's someone down the street with a trump/pence sign, and i want to slash it up so bad-
same. a few actually.
and every psycho looking to make a quick buck is gonna crawl out of the woodwork..give it up, woman.
stooping lower than the snake she is! vote trump!
total disaster. china is killing us.
. by the way, most of and possibly all pictured in this portrait were manufactured in china.
happy birthday brotha, keep makin the group chat lit
hahah aye thanks homie. i'll do what i can.
- please re-tweet
this is crazy
i'm blushing!! you're such a babe!! thank you :)
psshh, hardly, you're welcome
new fav my maps video. thanks google house view (beta)
what?? craziness!!
found out the pretty things growing on our tree in the backyard are also pretty tasty!
what is it?
i accidentally said black coffee instead of skim milk and she was about to hand it to me and i said i'm sorry can i actually
get skim milk, so she lets out a huge sigh and turns around to the coffee station behind her
definitely about to watch the conjuring 2 in the detroit airport.
you are the marquis of mistakes
mile 3,087: the drive east begins.
so disappointed you had no meet up in tahoe
lmao jobs named a computer after a daughter who he denied was his while refusing to pay child support
disney was a nazi sympathizer.
as a soon-to-be father of two, it's incredibly depressing :(
as a soon to be father of three, yeah, i feel ya. bonus: currently a cub master for my son's pack. extra fun.
good friend and design mentor released his own (self financed) ios game. been playing a lot. merge dragons!
ray rocking it as usual
disney was a nazi sympathizer.
idk about picasso he's probably ok
you look different in your recent videos, did you get a hair cut? is your hair longer?
yes. haircut
i smell an adventure today
this is gonna be and i in the streets today
shit send me some work lol. i'm over here eating funions.
lol you wanna finish a sponsor deck and do some music reviews for me??! they'll be in your in if in seconds
nobody questions trump about anything. hillary, however, can't get sick without the media attacking her like vultures.
disgusting really. that while family needs to go away
they tried to take our sign down twice but we still stood strong.
please vote for the candidate who wants reform, not the one who thinks we just need more police. vote hrc
angela thomas, whose book the hate u give was recently bought in a 13 house auction. huge news.
awesome! and also a movie in the works.
but what do we know right? lie to 10k followers and get half of them to believe me. just kill it for 10-15 people and lie to no1
not sure what that means
soooo jealous. those steam sales are always amazing.
one day, ash, a gaming pc will be yours!
well, i've done it again. guess what it's doing in kawartha. unbelievable
. nooooooo! rain, rain, go away. has history to make!
get skim milk, so she lets out a huge sigh and turns around to the coffee station behind her
then she turns back at me and gives me the biggest death stare i've ever got and pours more than half my coffee out and
i can't afford to go just like that .. it's another country and i have school and it's really far
ugh that sucks could you talk to your parents about it
why is there still no way to sort/edit/delete the topics list in flipboard? or swipe right to left from topic to topic (as in zite?)
yep. i totally hear you. stay tuned.
not saying they don't exist. i'm really good at the tasteful noodz.
see, now you're just teasin' us
wapo calls hillary a fashion icon and suggests more women should assert their "power" see it's all the about power!
a fashion icon for pandering lying grandmas give me a break ...
yeah the bricks with smooth tops were less annoying. different surfaces &gt; messages.
the ones in your pic are fine. there were some really harsh ones in amsterdam's dam square that i didn't get a pic of.
does this mean he forgets how to train when he's in canada? because he does okay in ny, and ny borders canada...
ur right just like baffert couldn't win at sar anymore until travers day that is..
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
oh those wacky neurotic ladies and their mensiez.
that screen is beneath you
lmaooo...nothing is beneath me...i do high and low very well...but yea its just an object...thot id be devstated but im good
i think i like the grids. btw, did you study urban planning?
the grid is good. i'm a civil engineer, not a planner, but very interested in how the two professions relate.
my dad always knows what's best
chris is awesome
christian pulisic continues to impress as he scored his 1st bundesliga goal of the season &amp; added 2 assists.
he's going to be the best us player of all time
louisville is so impressive. get fsu out of that spot
2nd half to be played.
guys, which theaters should we try to bring to? arthouses, not, like, 17-plexes where they play "murder is fun: 6."
come to the plzplpzlzppzlzpzplzplz!
of course-a ton of incredibly stupid decisions...but g is the 1 position that can steal the tourney, so that's the worst one imo
agree. in a short tournament, this would be the one deciding factor - particularly if you get to the semis.
since when are there no tolls on the tappan zee? driving home from
- it's cashless now...you'll get one in the mail :). thanks for coming today!
it's something to think about, on a personal level, for all of us.
right. exactly. that's terrible. i'll look her up on twitter too. thanks, heidi!
yes. i went all the way back looking for that shit. i'm obsessed.
you would never do that for me
then she turns back at me and gives me the biggest death stare i've ever got and pours more than half my coffee out and
replaces it all with milk so now i had a large coffee that was 60% milk and i didn't even know what to say i just threw it out
we can't just throw it to the end zone?
that would make too much sense
it definitely could have been ;)
i deserve it it.. but i think we'll make good friends, what you think?
and he no longer cares about anything
"all of my friends only leave in the end, so what's the difference?"
that screen is beneath you
ill get it fixed eventually...i guess
because the death and failure of our enemies overshadows heartbreak and we're okay with that
fk...i shouldn't have started
jrs "tired of everyone dumping on revis.." so his remedy to the problem is dump on him some more?? makes sense!
according 2 jr's logic, when the fat kid's gettin bullied, everyone who's tired of it shld point out his big belly
"[we need to do more..] it's much more than just making jax-rs a bit more asynchronous." &lt; on microprofile 1.0
congrats, btw! need to look at it soon!
haha gotta love all the "services" out there. they all go 60-80% apparently billionaires. maybe wellsfargo employs all of them.
fsu is always down big at half
clinton camp: trump's talk of disarming clinton's bodyguards "should be out of bounds"
u guys are full of crap how about her endangering or national security with her emails go trump
someone left this comment on an old video of mine lol
only one person can say that i am going to murder them with a kangaroo
can usa separate bluetax$ from redtax$;end prison labor,establish small business'to compete in global markets
unfortunately i don't think this is possible we need to vote hrc in + change the senate to do this. yes we can
.1) $10mm to the charity of your choice if you let me interview you for 4 hrs on your policies and their substance.
will you give same offer to on her emails, foundation
we call it "fleeing from being mugged" depending on the city you're in
but there's no guns. just wear knight's armor and you're safe.
replaces it all with milk so now i had a large coffee that was 60% milk and i didn't even know what to say i just threw it out
this was way less eventful in text format
i will shove that international shoe so far up your ass!
i assert personal juris-dick-tion over you
yeah he dickrides fsu every game, please
dick rides as in the hating version.
i'll do some music reviews right now
dm your number. new phone
just saw a barrel in the opening scene labeled c4. lol
why is cryogenically freezing someone considered a prison sentence? hey you get to live in the future now
it's them darn teenagers.
if i could do it and a teenager got blamed i'd love that lol
does this mean he forgets how to train when he's in canada? because he does okay in ny, and ny borders canada...
stats are over blown to me..if the horse has talent and fires his a game they can win anywhere!
nooooo! i'm the annoying one.
stop, you're both annoying af
brb. about to eat my weight in apple cider doughnuts.
okay. there are apparently things i miss about new england.
ok. motivation
i'll be curious if he dresses for the next game. they may rotate a bit in the prelims.
everyone needs to watch this hillary wants a war with russia this russian expert proves it &amp; says shes dangerous
hillary is trying hard to make a peaceful world.god bless her.we should kick satanist guys like trump's followers to hell.
i'll do some music reviews right now
or just text me if you still have mine
louisville with a huge score before halftime, now 35-10. what a display by the cardinals. fsu needs a jameis pep talk and some new d players
lv d is better than i thought.
maybe louisville offense is just that good.
bringing the heat on - it's impressive
true. so i will be judged if i practice homosexuality.
that's not what it meant. , no matter how hard it may be some days...
i did, they said that if i wanna go, i'll have to pay myself.. they're not a fan of justin
try to figure something out
scary i learned that line in 2003 and remember it verbatim to this day.
it's ridiculous the dictum that spews out my mouth w/o thinking sometimes.
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
you are so transparent its sad. whoever says a negative word about u is a loser. not fooling anyone
told myself that i would go to every tailgate, but then homework started piling up
go to the tailgate
stuck at the hair salon. how does price look so far? go sox!!!
looking good! yankees also misplayed/didn't catch a bloop by mookie. hanley now on with an infield hit no outs
he will be a brown before we know it.
already can't wait to watch him on sundays!
even if only to them, more than can be said for hillary's base who abandons theirs or kills their sons and daughters before birth.
. you do realize trump flip flopped and now is pro-choice!
i listened to her &amp; apologized about her feeling alienated by the witch metaphor. i told her all i could do was my best &amp; this was my best.
she realises that there weren't actually "witches", right? that women have always been terrorised by law?
the lil nigga from south florida going off right now my boy
lol easy to fix.
this is loudest i've ever heard papa john's. and i've seen some big ones in the 502.
lot of free pizza tonight.
four in a row.
he doesnt hurt personal insults
awww. i don't remember our first convo, though.
that's how bad it was..lol
do i feel guilty about laying in bed all day? nope.
raining here on our morton fall fun day by got pumpkins and heading for apples now.
thanks for the insight. are the missing tiers in development or will this be it for these particular lines of skins?
that's up to the art team's inspiration
clemson is on pace to score 90 points
bring in the backups.
completely!! hey, you're so lucky that jesse likes you &amp; thinks your intelligent. he thinks i'm an idiot...he can't stand me.
no he doesn't. why do you think that
she doesn't even need me anymore
of course she does, someone has to change her diaper and feed her. she will always need and love her mommy.
field i bet you're as good as lamar jackson
i'm p sweet at fifa but no way near as good as him at football
is this the first day ever that the sun was shining during a baseball game?
right? please.
what are the best names of small rural towns you've ever heard?
horseheads, ny
don't know why they thought this guy was better than dae ho
don't know why they thought anyone is better than dhl. dae ho is love. dae ho is life.
the cashier at starbucks bought my coffee for this morning bc i forgot my card, so i went back &amp; bought her some sunflowers, she was happy
that's so nice
see tagged ^^ out of print!
thank you!!
according 2 jr's logic, when the fat kid's gettin bullied, everyone who's tired of it shld point out his big belly
then there are the reporters who take daily shots on twitter at , like . if you're a professional journo w/integrity,&gt;
ahh ok. how do you like the 7?
upgrade process was an absolute nightmare. phone is decent.
ugh. i'm guessing both of those will be top-5, but well behind the clear number 1, harambe.
not even kidding, i am waiting for the inevitable "harambe costumes are racist" thinkpieces.
shopping next week for fall &amp; winter outfits
the clothing line for fall &amp; winter are cute you're gna love it!!
mine did that too, took 4 hours, then it deleted everything out my phone
soooo many memories and projects n my phone i was preparing to lose it all :((
tcu fans may recognize that sack by devante fields.
moving up the draft boards.
truly, it was, fern. the "harvest" moon was just magnificent last night.
trying to find parkin at long beach
in him that it is a pain for me and i have even said i would be his fan 4ever, but i don't know anymore
hey now. once a fan, always a fan. they don't have to keep putting out something new to still be good.
not sure why this show was awesome
are you sure you don't know wh(ite)y
indeed. i'm framing it as a legal supply chain manager, which has pm stuff plus design and customer feedback aspects. similar.
interesting but you may be creating a position in search of a unicorn, but i'm not sure what type of org you're looking at
so i have no verizon reception at home &amp; time warner internet is a cunt. so if you need me, you'll have to come on over. fucking ay its 2016
you forgot to mention when they come over to being treats
i support you, i think you are the modern day ronald reagan. hillary remeber the nixon admin?
are you really proud to be deplorable? come on "patriot" you can do better than that.
am ok send all positive vibes to kimble's mom.
send him my best
51 days until election day register to vote
check out civic tech app , register from app. over 15 ways to take action locally
i think you have to put the code in online.
i mean where's the code when i preorder it. like on the recite or something?
lol fowler gets an erection during every fsu game.
you're literally the only person who thinks so.
i hate this season so far.
i just want to be good
in him that it is a pain for me and i have even said i would be his fan 4ever, but i don't know anymore
i mean, don't you like his old stuff? do you not like it just because it's old??
the 2016 is gonna be huuuuge!
is so excited to celebrate ! proud to be part of
this is unfair. my elementary school was fantastic in the 1970s. i look back on that time sixty years ago very fondly.
sarcasm aside. mine (nyc) was fantastic in the early to mid 90s.
i almost feel sorry for trumpies who know he is bad but want to desperately to believe. its like a mother loving a murderer child.
don't they are part of the problem. racist and bigoted among myriad other degrading mean spirited feelings and beliefs
is everyone the summation of their fuckups? is anyone truly unscathed by bad decisions/wrong outlooks?
of course not, but "name somebody living..." means that shit is now fair game
i was really mad when i tweeted this earlier. i'd like to let yu know i am ok now
good, t'was worried
yep. can't let up on these guys at all
no ucf letups allowed. lj now with 180yds passing 94yds rushing &amp; 4 tds. and this isn't against charlotte or cuse
agree, totally inappropriate. btw, despite the proselytizing, the answer is 79%.
plus, the statement is wrong. the predominant type of marriage mentioned in the bible is polygamy.
the guy is crazy good.
what a stud
thanks, i'll put that tweet on my resume!
dunno if it's going to help with your house husband search, but feel free!
this is all bullshit and rumors lol the video even said it basically.
i hate rumors lol this is why we need to protest the media
geography is the worst i am ashamed to say i cannot read road maps i just get lost google maps is the best thing in my lifw
haha i just feel like being well rounded and exposed to different things is good! and ya i remember life before gps..qq
yep. you gotta figure that even w/ these awful lineup choices they'll still get to semis, where they'll play na/sweden prob
yup. the big game is going to be the last in the prelims against the czechs. that may be a virtual elimination game.
i did. i got the duck carnitas and erin got the pork belly tacos. both were good but not worth the $35 price tag (with horchata)
next time get the fish tacos
i just love the idea that maternity leave is solely for medical recovery from birth and no other reason.
seriously, how dense can someone be! what is wrong with our society that people don't see this
yep. and yet! silence, last week, while she was inundated with racist trolls for 2+ days. i'm just asking why.
i can't find her. do you know her handle?
warriors' kevin durant throws first pitch, leads san francisco giants to dominant win
kd left at the 1st inning. scored 6 runs in the 3rd. and r mutually exclusive.
i'm sold now. he's the best qb in college football
agreed on that my friend!
stanford, this morning or last night?
am. a lot of buzz before the game today.
then there are the reporters who take daily shots on twitter at , like . if you're a professional journo w/integrity,&gt;
how about just making an intelligent observation instead of the thinly veiled cheap shot at revis, an all time great who deserves everyones&gt;
edit? first sentence incomplete
ah yes you're right. will fix.
brah they need to wake up and pay attention...word to sister mary clarence lol
lmfaooo right!
my favorite (mis-)translation of this trip, hands down: parmesan air.
wait what does it say then?
would love to but i'm just here to see chop down some trees. are you going to the game?
not this year! will be supporting from the tv.
for those who told me the last 4 years that it was all on the players:
they played fla a&amp;m and fau
i've been trying to win tickets on different sites, but i just have no luck so i'm kinda losing hope
don't lose hope just keep trying
you streaming it?
i would if people actually wanted to watch
i don't fuck with your energy
ur eyes tho
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
. you are an asshole!!!! just because they don't agree with you, you think they are losers. in fact you are the loser.
it needs to be sunday so i can leave yonkers already honestly. this place brings me nothing but misery tbh, idk how ya can stand living here
aww chutee
he faves every thing you comment on his posts. me not one..only pics/memes. think the world of him, but he thinks i'm an idiot.
o he doesn't i've tweeted him before and got nothing from him. i'm sure he doesn't think that
just give lj the heisman already
that's how he used to do you
every single time i clean out my wallet.
most excited/jealous about measure for measure at the globe...
is michelle running for president?
i bet she wishes she were, as probably does the dnc.
imagine what a - presidential race might have looked like: two bright guys. neither one overtly insane or criminal.
biden kasich was my choice.
as many slices of pizza that are available is how many slices of pizza i will eat. fact.
this is the corollary of "work expands to fill the time available" - "appetite expands to accommodate the pizza available"
hmmm should i include it in my dokidoki bokie video.....
that sounds cute
i said std's. hiv is not the only std
condoms do not protect from stds.
what's your thought on a nfl future for him? and would it be qb? or wr like some previous speedy qb's transitioning.
haven't watched him closely enough, to be honest. i bet will have great insight on this
i'd go to juniors and eat cheesecake so you win no matter what
that place is the best! we'll probably go there after
"my apologies. i was overly confident.. i got ahead of myself." *sits down on the bench*
yea sit and "smarten up" lol
i might be but he always capes for them.
since it has taken four tweets to get this through: 1. he hates fsu. 2. that last statement by you is utterly false.
of course not, but "name somebody living..." means that shit is now fair game
the claim wasn't "these are flawed but important people we should celebrate" the claim was "nobody alive compares"
we driving down monday?!
yes! i'm down :)
does anyone read/act on the feedback people send you??
hi there, we sure do. please let me know if we've missed something - you can email me at alex.com
love it!!! thx!!!
well, now there's 2 outs. can't move them around. jbj up now let's see...
ugh! when will that end?!
if/when i get a job :/
i think everyone needs someone who will stick with them no matter how hard life gets. it's generally a very comforting thing to know.
agreed! whether it's a friend, a significant other, or even an internet friend :)
7-0? that's it for that game. the odendhall effect
now that the score is 14-7 there have been turnovers by both teams
2/2 this road which caries 17,000 veh/day
those kinds of roads ensure people with option of driving will choose to drive. dutch equivalent.
recommend me an album please.
malibu by anderson.paak
a+ performance by louisville so far. jackson with 4 td's, frustrating fsu's defense with option plays. fsu with just 142 total yards.
took cook out the game completely.
i'm betting on vox or slate to hit us with that thinkpiece.
in fairness, some of them will be.
when you dominate the potluck
at this point i think you decide just not to attend and eat this yourself.
"i know the cure for sleep problems - go to ". -
i haven't figured out if you mean this in a good way or bad way
if you love chocolate, follow and send him some lovely booty pics for his birthday
y'all heard the man.
can't please everyone
maybe u can please me and send ya girl a text
/2 also deficient in civics. the lottery statutes in most states are public record, easily viewable, and guarantee that the house wins.
hell - i'm way too fucking educated for my own good and i didn't know that.
pay what you want pricing is really awkward irl. feel like i need a suggestion or average to go off of at least
i ended up just buying a real expensive zine with a clear price tag! i love it tho so i'm okay with it
fair point. i'm training a small firm's paralegal now. the idea is for solos/smalls to collaborate. it's in experiment phase.
gotcha. outside my wheelhouse :)
ion think she a bad actor
ion think we asked
i had 8 hours of continuous sleep for the first night in months. and it was glorious.
omg me too.
that uk buyout is crazy lol..i need his agent
unreal. i nearly fell out of my chair when i read it.
if you my friend know where we stand and know that tweet not about you
yeah cus i felt some type of way
it's something to think about, on a personal level, for all of us.
never mind! found on just-now tweet.
hot-take: ios 10 is a legit existential threat to snapchat unless they are able to put up major updates or content deals. ideally both.
anti-trust inducing thought experiment: apple blocks snapchat app from appstore/ios
i was expecting a picture of your "chick breast marinated in stubbs chili ginger lime". very disappointed.
i'm so sorry. i didn't know you care. next time i will. can you forgive me?
how about just making an intelligent observation instead of the thinly veiled cheap shot at revis, an all time great who deserves everyones&gt;
..respect! was the greatest all around cb i've ever seen. better than sanders! thats right! was not blessed&gt;
down 35-10 to maybe the most dynamic offense in cfb. i keep waiting on fsu to click, but maybe this is just a throttling.
i don't think have the jameis miracle in them like two years ago, but who knows
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
i really enjoy watching you torpedo tweet your campaign. every time you tease being normal, this happens...
stats have to be used in context not blindly. baffert actually had good stats at sar if you went back further.
theres so much info out there now it's overwhelming u can get caught up in it.i say keep it simple stupid..lol
i'm starting to think your entire diet consists of tacos and ice cream. (not judging... jealous)
it's a vicious cycle... of deliciousness.
keep writing software and putting it out there. consider using licences which protect the knowledge over do-what-you-like licences.
i went from using mpl to mit because i wanted to be more permissive but i've kinda started to regret that
i lost all my projects and photos, if i didn't save it on snapchat it's gone , even on my icloud
damnnn son u breakin my heart....10 is nice but aint worth losing all ur shit
you should get involved :) very welcome!
i've just finished writing an email. thanks for the invitation!
meanwhile, in california:
the zoo!! which zoo?
ios mail search:
ha! but why would anyone use ios mail (other than the unchangeable default)
hopefully all is safe in seaside this morning.. sick world we live in
thought you needed up in seaside and not bayville...
crazy maureen dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing , pretends she knows me well--wrong!
. we all know you well. and we know u r a .
how about this tesla fanboys then?
same dynamic i'd guess. but with many more ways to end badly. if cars = computers now, 3-4 years is a long time.
overheard near nyu dorms, millennial profesh woman screaming, livid: "i didn't invite any fucking influencers, do u know what that means!!?"
should have volunteered ur influence!
go to the tailgate
i can't, too much hw
no celebration is complete without return of the joker's flashback sequence. soooo good.
and for the record, i'm talking the original ending. none of that "it was an accident" stuff.
oh wow! looks pretty amazing... must resist... urge.. to kill all productivity :o
been back into starcraft 2 lately too still my favorite game ever.
i hate when part of me is like "man! that taste really good!" while the other part of me is like "oh sh... not good"
this is my favorite coffee drink. so good!
damn dawg where is our private jet to vegas.
i'm almost at noir then they pick me up in a private jet so we out
(when concord was built, it was mostly built cheaply)
more than cheap, probably also to preserve "rural feel" like los altos or atherton.
what happens when you put sjw buzzwords into a markov chain generator? this abstract
are you sure this wasn't written and submitted by a twitter bot? la ?
i support you, i think you are the modern day ronald reagan. hillary remeber the nixon admin?
using the stars &amp; stripes for a logo like this is disrespectful to our founding fathers
i'm pro-choice but also pro-kkk right to hold a rally. exercising some rights is immoral. ex: killing human beings for convenience.
. so it's totally acceptable for the kkk to kill, but, the unborns are off limits?
the claim wasn't "these are flawed but important people we should celebrate" the claim was "nobody alive compares"
gates contributed just as much to pcs as jobs but also spends millions on philanthropy.
hey, it's enrico palazzo!
brilliant tweet brightens brooklyn man's day, story at 11.
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
such a sad small man.
does anyone know which episode of dear hank and john the ryan thing happened in?
i am pretty sure that it was the episode where you guys talked about the news from mars and afc wimbleton.
my friend who lives in the midwest has some thoughts on the pnw:
how i feel when i hear about ur oregon life
with the optimal us lineup, it'd be laughable to even think they could lose to the czechs. with this us lineup, though...
yup. and it would only take one good effort from neuvirth. figure they both beat europe, lose to canada. and low-scoring.
i wanna go out and dance to paisa music and drink some beers while eating camarones a la diabla looking bomb as fuck w my white jeans hahah
our white shorts lol
my school handing these out to the parents im deceased
"for more sexting acronyms visit the internet"
happy belated birthday!!
thank you so much!!(:
there needs to be more marine animal emojis this is not ok. where's my shark &amp; sea otter &amp; orca
these are not enough. i need more
yep. passing is so much better this year. got away with should be interception on last drive tho.
yep, was a lucky play there to quick. will happily take it. after being over hyped 1st couple drives, he is throwing great
austin's keeps going.. cc
lol you're really into this idea :)
met a few double hump camels in hundar valley sand dunes - my first time, have always seen them single humps
these are so cool
fuck u nigga we could throw em
im cracking up
the sf airport is so clean and so quiet.
also hi california happy to be in u!!!!
trust me, 6 faves in 2 days? he adores you. he's always hated me. not sure why he called that guy out who told me i was muslim
that guy was a douche and needed to be called out. any decent person would have done that. he didn't like any of my biff stuff
..respect! was the greatest all around cb i've ever seen. better than sanders! thats right! was not blessed&gt;
was not blessed w/the god given blazing speed of sanders (tho revis was fast), bit deion was nowhere's near the tackler/tactician&gt;
[bursts out in a fit of wild laughter, wipes tears of laughter from iphone, repeats]
says the asshat from the birth country of hitler.
that's a challenge!
think there's something going on maybe surfing contest
i can't, too much hw
just take a 10 hour break
wait; i don't want you to even consider leaving us. what's going on that has you thinking of leaving? i can help. ^at
i'd been promised i'd have the phones i ordered on time-meaning yesterday. now i'm not getting them until oct. vzw lied.
also v easy to lose
how? just leave it attached. i guess if you're the type that is always losing the headphones themselves, sure.
send em! don't you have one dropping soon?
i do. i think. you'll get one when it's out. how's the writing going?
this is what people were up in arms over? it adds no weight. easy to leave attached. easy to take off.
hard to imagine people on the internet forming an opinion on something they haven't used.
morning maggie been out visiting family hope your having a nice time x
thank you we are. started out cloudy but the sun is back out. hope you had a nice visit.
my dad just made the worst dad joke i'm cringing so hard
sounds like something my dad would say too lmao.
i'd like to think is pissed &amp; will pay him back with endless birther &amp; tax ?s, as well as call him out on all his lies
especially his most disgusting lie,that he lost hundreds of friends on 9/11. msm needs to call him out on it.
this kid is incredible
janarion grant for heisman!
does anyone know how i can get a "deplorable" bracelet and t-shirt that was on fox&amp;friends yesterday. please respond!
would know where to get the "deplorable" bracelet &amp; t-shirt that was on yesterday!
happy saturday! start it off right and press a sharp minor, then tell us your answer in the comments.
the little boy is the sharp minor, my final answer *chuckles*
and then this
the best soy latte that you ever had?!?
yep. passing is so much better this year. got away with should be interception on last drive tho.
quick 6-103; b-rad 9-76
i've never related to a tweet so much until this
haha! not being in that wave killed me
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
look in the mirror,little donnie, and tell mthe public who the dope really is.
it's wrong when latinos are 17% of our population and hold only 2% of its wealth. we've got to connect more latinos with good jobs.
after 8 years of failed obama-clinton policies you have some nerve making this statement.
twitter: what qualifies you to tell black people how to protest david brooks:
isn't the issue that most protests take a coach class approach, when they should use a business class approach?
he forgot yo take a knee, dude fucked up
he can't americans get pissy when black football players take a knee
i try to care that teyana got cheated on by israel or whatever his name is. but i don't. i wish her all the best. her &amp; her baby, juvenile.
wait, i thought people were just posting them as goals last week. what happened?
ffs. just give up and let fall happen already.
what the helllllll? it never did that when i was a kid. bizarre.
"penguins are the worst animal to work with." , relating his zookeeper experience.
kate. kate. don't forget to ask everyone in the panel who their favorite wrestlers are. i
permissive to your oppressors! you should always use the glorious people's licence. :)
i mean i just want the people using my shit to actually contribute back and not just demand my time to fix their problems
just take a 10 hour break
i wish! drink for me
leaked! photo of hillary... her health is worse than anyone thought - breaking news
the woman squeezing her fingers is 's doctor not an unknown supporter.
no way we survive without sutton and jrm. florida will eat us alive.
yeah... it will be tough to do as well as we did even last year
big day for the stanford cardinal today!
are you or brian goin? last time i ran into him
i'll keep an eye out for you! i was gonna say watch for a gray outfit and red hair but these name tags are probably more useful!
spoke too soon on the name tag thing.
just got a new dog that came with a hilarious name. can you guess his name, twitter? here is a hint: twitter.
awww, congrats!
thanks. as a fan of me please my sexy
am i doin right w/1s that me ?.thank u 4 sharin a lil of ur gorgeousness on twitter,i'm lucky 2 have found u ( c ;
your website says: "strollers may be checked to your final destination without a fee". so i can't take a small infant bag instead?
that's one personal item and a carry on. usually not a problem.
they met on social media and proceeded to hangout... if you're that stupid to hangout w sand niggers u deserve it.
please curb the blatant racism on social media...algerians are disgusting but that word is not necessary for describing them.
eric is the best
he says thanks
disturbed by not even being able to begin to guess which one
i could imagine it's because there are too many goddamn people living here, right? it's the ex-marine.
was not blessed w/the god given blazing speed of sanders (tho revis was fast), bit deion was nowhere's near the tackler/tactician&gt;
that was/is. the man was robbed of dpoy in 09' by the nfl who gave it to another great player, but never shld have. 09 -10' revis &gt;
.: does clinton ever answer a question directly?
she can't. too many lies. she gets confused easily.
dear megan, get a new lover. -sergio
wow i didn't even think of that. you're so talented
met this dude. cool, humble cat. he not pressn kids in supreme. he just like to son hypebeast/culture vultures.
word, i don't know the guy and wish him luck in his impending legal situation
happy birthday bbb i love ur crazy ass sososo much xoxox
thanks bbb ilyy
what amazing heroes that spoke in wdc today on behalf of humbling to be in their presence.
general, your the best! can't wait for u to get back to saving the country. no more $300 hammers, $700 toliets
theres so much info out there now it's overwhelming u can get caught up in it.i say keep it simple stupid..lol
i'm not calling u stupid it's an old saying at the track.the other is study long study wrong..
i will, i just don't have hope of going so i won't be disappointed too much
your going to see him you have too
je has read it and knows it. he just doesnt care. nobody is keeping him in check.
its the obama/clinton mafia. everyone is afraid to bust them. thats why we need trump
secret show at purchase tonight
not secret anymore
i think my family was the only one that liked the movie over the hedge
my mom loves that movie tbh
yeah had a few bone-shaking moments around there!
found a pic with harsher cobblestones.
after the work is done...we smile
lol im saying aint nothing else to do but smile god bless my brothers
this is what people were up in arms over? it adds no weight. easy to leave attached. easy to take off.
i just *wish* apple had gone for the kill and made the dongle a clip as well to keep the headphone cords from tangling.
you selected a great career. i'm a teacher who is no longer teaching. care giving parents..i'm thinking of going back to school.
cool, good luck if you do! (we can always use more engineers if it sounds interesting!)
happy birthday beautiful, have a good one love youuu
thank you em love you too
where are you now? sitting in the corner listening to hal sox
i was pretty turned off by their main stage talk so i didn't come. also about to give an ignite!
my flatmate told me she "likes my dungarees"
the mom jeans???
candyman: day of the dead on chiller. not as good as the original, but makes it totally worth it.
tony was great as usual. but dotd lacked the urban gothic vibe the first film and farewell to the flesh had. jmo.
that was/is. the man was robbed of dpoy in 09' by the nfl who gave it to another great player, but never shld have. 09 -10' revis &gt;
09/10' will never be duplicates again by another cb in this pss happy league where u can't even breathe heavy near a wr.
email your receipt to aklavan.com, and we'll send one!
any chance those who've emailed can get a confirmation the email was received?
raining here on our morton fall fun day by got pumpkins and heading for apples now.
you'll be able to take some apples back to campus when you come hi one for the wedding.
is my helper at work today
does that little thing have a dick
trump supporters tweet out negative articles all the time. we laugh at the futility of the soin.
who cares? no one reads the articles just the headline.
casey will the new music app ever stop feeling like a blown-up iphone 4 screen? i'll take my answer off the air thank you
it's definitely odd ... i like the font choices and the white space but it does feel a bit too large for the device
crazy maureen dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing , pretends she knows me well--wrong!
deny, deny, deny all you want. the entire world knows you are a wacko nut job.
brain is a bag of cats ... who says this isn't this greatest country on earth
for the record, "bag of cats" is a quote from the first avengers, bruce banner says it
uh oh. jesus take the wheel.
hilarious! good luck.
four puppies of the apocalypse
. apocapuppies!
"it hurts my feelings that my friends think my protest vote helped cause this apocalypse" --rejected millennial freelance pitch, march 2017
captured their voice perfectly
she did none of it/fired folks when she saw it. what else do you want her to do? or are u just look 4 excuse to not like her?
you are referring to birther argument. i am referring to continuous racist innuendo from clinton's throughout campaign.
what'll happen first
you have a lot of hope for hollow huh
happy birthday
thankyouuuu!!
yes, things are getting better . you have been amazing over this past week. you are a real must read
. it's been hell. see donald trump for reasons. oh, and welcome back!
first cutting of redlove stunning colour &amp; flavour you ain't gonna get in the shops so
i wish i could taste it ..
newsteam! - assemble! :) looking forward to working with you guys!
great to have you on board!
happy birthday to one of the coolest ppl i know ! love ya dude!
thanks d!!!
ljack that man..
do we have a shot vs michigan today? lol
yeah i agree, i just like watch xhaka play, it will come eventually
agree. just have to manage my sanity with arsenal this year lol
he cheated on her
lord. these celeb pairings have the lifespan of a fruit fly.
i mean i just want the people using my shit to actually contribute back and not just demand my time to fix their problems
i think using gps would be a good deterrent from the kinda folks who tend to do that
what's the bald head girl with the gap that had the blunt @ gypsy sport? she is everything
slick woods!
woah. is that rubber band so you know which side is which on the remote? (also baby v is adorable)
yup. trick i learned from
fukk nooo!! loool manhattan...altho ive neva been to the one n the bronx...i need to do that asap
it's just one street. really "meh" imo
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
look in the mirror donnie, and tell the public who the dope really is.
fyi, this clickbait headline belies the more accurate "most support new 24th st. affordable housing"
yep. you are right.
imagine this daily from the oval office. entertaining? maybe. appalling and beneath a president? absolutely.
dopey president of the maldives says he knows me. lies. i don't even know what a maldive is.
revis struggled early on last year too. he'll feed off the critics and will be much better moving forward.
i hope so. i dont hold him accountable for the 54yd td to green,who, lets face it... beets a lot of ppl. but he miscalculated
can't wait to see this
it's sweet, but boy i have a lot of moral issues with the tack the filmmakers took.
you're right. that's the one thing i'm doing wrong, smh.
to me worse than diapers or anything else was sleep deprivation.
a lot of youtubers period lol same goes for makeup youtubers lol
wait hold up them makeup gurus aren't actually good at it lmao?
btas overrated. great but not goat. my biggest issue is i couldn't tell what year it's set in...kinda like gotham
that's what i loved about it! it was this strange mashup of modern with 1930-1940s styling. like earth-2 on flash ;)
1/ a litmus test for a brand/community is whether or not people will go out of their way to say hi, if you're wearing clothing with its logo
2/ so far, i've had this experience with the following groups: - - -
whoa! johnny quest! u took it back! so far back this is my mom's fave cartoon!
but try and get the "gummi bears" theme out of your head.
- i have one good idea.. but it will take time. ;)
what is it?
hi gregg and all :)
hello my friend how are you
not at all. those outfits may just be run more wisely. some have deeper corp pockets
you can all cover trump's trip to jail. there's another stretch of employment time.
bombshell: haitian president exposes at event: "hillary tried to bribe me!" - spread this!
bad for clintons! please rt. if you have difficulty hearing him read the 9/16/16 summary below video.
get new phone ... immediately turn off predictive mode.
had to google that one
tomorrow is my quarter-birthday, if you need an excuse to eat cake.
pssh, i'm already having quarter-birthday eve cake.
florida st comes back and wins this game
should be immediately taken to the "spit box"
revis struggled early on last year too. he'll feed off the critics and will be much better moving forward.
...badly and got burned thursday like i have never seen. even with hopkins lst yr, he jumped &amp; missed swattingbit away by a &gt;
i just watch xmen apocalypse? i'm so fucking confused it's ridiculous. what did the i just watch. why they still young. wtf????!!!
it was kind of a hot mess, but i liked it anyway! fassbender is awesome.
we should take them to jersey beach for the sunrise
that would be dope!
happy birthday jasmine you're the crustiest person i know
thanks bb!!!
she did none of it/fired folks when she saw it. what else do you want her to do? or are u just look 4 excuse to not like her?
however clinton campaign circulated photo of obama in african/islam dress, fueling racist/antihistamines associations
not true. before the trims, the ride was better than a lot of woodies.
rode it with and without trims. still sucked imho.
harry ried criticizes trump. trump responds by making fun of reid's disability in his eye. is this what passes for humor w/ ?
no he just just a deplorable human being - plain simple
i almost wish there were a licence which mandated that. (and mit definitely isn't it.)
i think using gpl might be a good deterrent to the kind of folks who tend to do that
know no details. but certainly comcast throws off more than enuf cash flow/profit to keep all intact
if the press doesn't get its act together, you'll be working for trump tv.
i just *wish* apple had gone for the kill and made the dongle a clip as well to keep the headphone cords from tangling.
yeah yeah, there are two types of people: those who *need* to charge their iphone while listening to it, and the other 99.9% of us.
interim dnc chair donna brazile expresses confidence despite tightening polls
wheres racist al and jesse? keeping them under wraps till after election? als been in white house 60 times why not now???
trump may want the birther issue to go away, but it will always be part of his history
what makes you think trump wants the birther issue to go away? his moronic fans are total birthers.
and the best of mine!!! best by several standard deviations!
you have a normal distribution of the quality of months in your career?
redone header for ! check out hd in my portfolio feedback appreciated :)
so much better! great job
can i get my iphone 7 shipped already? i'm impatient
not getting mine until october. t-mobile and att people already getting theirs
received right-wing money appeal today. calls hillary a monster who will unleash a bloody civil war. disgusting.
um. what is the paid for?
oh and he got hit with a ban for getting disconnected and not being allowed to join back.
and lost another game due teammates getting disconnected.
i'm hoping to be there tomorrow! i'll drop by then!
will keep my eyes open!
i didn't even know they had a mobile version. do you use 2 on desktop?
3! i'm in the beta for that too
feel free to move to syria: entire sf high school football team refuses to stand for anthem - breitbart
our public schools have become islamic jihadi recruitment centers. parents should not let their children go there.
well, maybe not really tensegrity. picture is a bit blurry. but nice nonetheless
picture is much too blurry to communicate. i do think that tensegrity is the key to making bucky's insights accessible.
we need to find our first convo. lmao.
did you know we tweet alot????
race canceled. more pipe bombs haven't been found yet. only 30 have been found.
what's source for report on find'n 30 additional pipe bombs?
the jets may have saved their season thursday, but they better straighten out that secondary before the steelers &amp; cards games
and you are absolutely 100% correct because this secondary can undermine this season. they are an offense that is a problem 4&gt;
the majority of college degrees could be replaced by a certificate that says u know how to use google
i use google. have an operation you need? i'll do it free. i'll file your taxes,and design you a house
is this some kind of a joke?
he really is a nerdy looking guy.
the best horror movies let you eventually see the antagonist clearly. i look forward to the reveal. jus sayin
*hey jim, for awhile i've thought that a horror flick is *what the monster looks like *how you kill it. :) *
the us loses over $500 billion dollars annually in trade. yet, our politicians tell us everything is "just fine". the system is rigged!
@ if clinton tells you the sun is about to rise in the east, it's probably wise to keep one eye on the west!
i had this realization a couple years ago. like ah shit i don't really need a thumb's width beyond the toe anymore do i
i just got 13s when i shoulda got 12.5s smdh
call me nasty but i like watching zit popping videos
omfg i use to watch them i be hella cringing
also on his band songs. but it is since 2014 i listened to him nonstop back then. so that is why.
well listen to his old stuff too.... listen to his last releases and wait patiently! he'll catch up soon!
yeah yeah, there are two types of people: those who *need* to charge their iphone while listening to it, and the other 99.9% of us.
and yes, i realize that 99.9% of that 99.9% also happens to be on twitter. as my replies will shortly showcase.
nigga you know i love out here right?
word what's good wit it
the yellow flags are coming soon
delsea just got called for "roughing the holder" on an xp, they're down 21-7 cause they have no secondary.
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
@ if clinton tells you the sun is about to rise in the east, it's probably wise to keep one eye on the west!
nigga you know i love out here right?
i'm here for the weekend
oh my goodness that sucks hope ur ok
i'm good! just a concussion! i heard you move in today? best of luck with that!!!
i get fucking chills every time i watch jt grab that puck from luongo and stick it in the net to tie the game w/ under a min left
so do we all! lgi!
we're so sorry to see this happened. did you purchase them in store or online?
i bought them in the store using my br card. haven't even paid the bill yet
i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
@ if clinton tells you the sun is about to rise in the east, it's probably wise to keep one eye on the west!
no problem! please dm us your contact information so that we may look into this for you. thank you! ^tjp
i've sent a few messages along with info, still can't get ahold via phone and haven't received any further info
nice! i heard 2 had a bunch of launch issues, so have stuck with 1. i take it that got straightened out?
i don't have many problems with 3. sometimes some over-zealous archiving, but nothing destructive.
yeah, cause you're obsessed with me.
please i'm not obsessed
thank you for helping me reach 500+ downloaded for african venus
thankful for the rt
is putin really a weak leader? does isis have the best arab army in a century? listen now to the latest...
@ if clinton tells you the sun is about to rise in the east, it's probably wise to keep one eye on the west!
i texted my mom to tell on my sister for throwing a tantrum. and my spanish texting went from 0-100 real quick. all of a sudden i'm fluent.
lmfaoooooo i'm weak "all the sudden i'm fluent"
what is that? none of my fellow teens at club have any clue
excellent hashtag usage &lt;3
trump really likes calling women "neurotic." wonder what's up with that.
that's just him breaking out one of those best words.
hs's baller success has always baffled, given the lack of innovation. shows that design isn't everything...
depends how you measure success. the only publicly know variable is funds raised. not revenue generated.
i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
gates, along with hrc, advised on some of the worst foreign and military policy blunders in us history. time 4 a change.
crazy how all these pipelines busting all of a sudden at the same time ...folks running outta gas and clean water
definitely not a coincidence.
ahhhhh omg there goes the day
this is gold!
so would you consider pilots and flight attendants or those on the run the other 0.01%? ^_^
well, yes. how many of them are there?
which is better? answer why please
can i get some why's? i chose sharpshooter, but idk if i should be regretting it
you think iggy would be quick enough to guard guys like curry or thompson? i don't think so at all
you're prob right about all those things. guess i'm just looking at it from an offensive standpoint
you see he has no clue. next to developing&amp;prod,it needs also a supply chain.therefore it take yrs until release
pathetic and clueless, that's how you know they aren't happy with pro
congrats y'all! hope you both have an extremely blessed weekend!
ty brother!!! &lt;3
any chance this is true? that the interview will be released as a podcast? anticipated release date?
when (and if he does) it will be here what great q &amp; a's.
at least with mcclatchy someone is still trying to do their job
true &amp; it is showing!!!
oh lord. does 3 try to archive mail before you see it?
nah, sometimes the swipe gesture will hit 2 emails at once
wait, so let's unpack this. she made up quotes? hardly knows you? but has interviewed you? and she's "neurotic"?
at least he didn't claim she was failing, or had low ratings, his other go-to insults.
we rewatched it several times and even the look on bills face. wth we were like you got to be kidding
just another spouting talking points and not recognizing the truth.
yeah sadly i have to come home. the only reason why i would want to be home is you and
the trio reunion
happy birthday to my boy !! have a good one bro see you soon
thanks man! see you soon
or disrespectful playing them out of order?
no kids sung it on their own. after played us on pa.
not always the case?
do you mean not applying rigor or not everyone is savvy?
you have got to be kidding me...
obama can't help the caliphate, if special forces are in the way.
thanks, nate. you are a top-notch human.
i've just been there.
lmfao i love this tweet so much
all the genius bar people are patiently putting up with my computer the way people put up with a problematic 4 year old
yoo ruben round 2
this time he's ready
i picked louis ville
messed up man
although if a bank is sending this to their clients one has to wonder what their next press release will be...
soooo... the markets have crashed again, worse than ever before. but don't worry, none of it is real, it's all a simulation
stop in for luxuriously regal tablescape ideas that impress! find your inspiration in-store
been looking for dining room chairs and a bench. found them!
bernie sanders goes into professor mode, quizzes students at rally
it's like he's been kidnapped and needs to speak in code!
that man is the most talented illustrator drawer guy i have ever known and truly the nicest person i know on twitter
i'm guessing your excellent new avatar is one of his? :d
it's live guys! the werewolf kickstarter is now up!
i'd actually like to run a poll. what would make u want to pledge more?
white letters, black border. its readable on any background jesus christ its basic photoshop
wtf are you on about
, and rebels cast doubt over prospects for a shaky 5-day-old ceasefire
kerry &amp; obama are complete idiots,i understand it better than they do&amp; i am just a regular human
"donald trump is overweight. hillary clinton got pneumonia. gary johnson climbed everest." via
point taken
trump "doesn't hurl personal insults" - (8/21/16)
. u don't insult good journalists if u believe in journalism. but journalists have lost their virtue.
this quarterback was homecoming king, but he gave his crown to a friend with cerebral palsy
that's because america is great
wireless charging would've been nice so you could use supplied headphones while charging.
soon - just not this year ;)
michelle obama calls out birtherism at a campaign stop for hillary clinton
you know you hate that "cracker" why pretend? you fool no one, you or your kenyan husband!
remember when i had long hair and donny (who has played w jim coltrane and winston marsalis) auditioned for my band?
serious acting chops
idts. but louisville and houston gonna battle for
no doubt that's gonna be epic
we took so many great photos on that trip!!
yes such great memories
soooo... the markets have crashed again, worse than ever before. but don't worry, none of it is real, it's all a simulation
take 10 blue pills and wake up once we've fixed the glitch
what? i said not acceptable for kkk to hold a rally or a mother to kill her son/daughter for convenience but rightly legal.
agree with civil liberties but the q i asked was if you thought trump was gracious and generous?
you think iggy would be quick enough to guard guys like curry or thompson? i don't think so at all
and no, i cant see him holding those guys, but i and see him playing kd pretty well
i want to live in an america where your word is golden, not your toilet seats.
spot on! + we are put here to serve not to be served like trump!
miami up 24-3 on app state at half, what does that tell you?
its great to be a florida gator
so caught up in last nights shenanigans i hadn't realized you big beautiful motherfuckers bought...
whew! glad i got one before they vanished :)
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
if u believe in journalism, u don't insult good journalists. clearly, recognized that.
the inevitable ruining of lamar jackson by some nfl coach incapable of creative thought is too depressing to contemplate.
you mean someone other than jeff fisher?
yeah, we don't always get what we want, sadly ...
i know but he might never do a purpose tour in europe again
took a mexico flag to the drake concert and gave me a shout out!!
yeah? did he blow you a kiss too?
lately i've suddenly read much poetry. why so many poems i wondered! the lunar eclipse sept 16 neptune had huge role, +neptunre rules poems!
couldn't stop reading the lyrics to yesterday by
ngl, part of the reason i've stuck with 1 on macos is that it's not flat.
fair. hard to argue with design
my sister was so drunk last night that out of no where she started crying for no reason lol
come to the living room
damn i think golden tate than. stafford should have a game against the titans. i got obj, aj green and brandon marshall lol
that's a nice squad !
we are here
bash didn't make it out today but i'll look for you!
i wrote my column this week about the sad and silly boys who want sports to be a politics-free safe space.
fantastic. the change in 09 is very telling. also i just made this short parodying the whole thing
hillary has given syrian refugees the detroit homes and jobs of the blacks who vote for her
coming 2 urneighborhood soontheirhere
where are you gonna be? i can try and come through.
dunno yet, but here for a wedding and we getting turnt later
4 years in with and and it's never been clearer how important mission alignment is amongst founders.
4 years-wow! congrats and i wish you more success in the future.
damn i think golden tate than. stafford should have a game against the titans. i got obj, aj green and brandon marshall lol
really nice lol
trump will fight to get companies to bring jobs back to america. hillary will fight for her donors and special interests as she always has.
@ if clinton tells you the sun is about to rise in the east, it's probably wise to keep one eye on the west!
i have always fought "anti-poaching" rules within lg companies. you attract talent or you don't. can't legislate it
it is the most capitalist foundation. do or don't is right.
san francisco public works and tons of volunteers are out and about in the sunset district for the annual clean...
that's fantastic!!! let's make san francisco sparkle again!
never apologized for lying about romney taxes.
my understanding was, reid was engaged in molesting a child and the child kicked him in the eye. could be wrong, but no denial.
still can't believe my purpose concert is tomorrow i've waited 9 months &amp; now it's here i could cry
your going to love it
imagine being on the cusp of the presidency and feeling the need to publicly bicker with vacuous gossip columnists
hell is much like ancient babylon. all of us down here are vacuous "gossips" ;-)
come on, it is quite a nice time to finish that after that little hardship. nice to know you are doing ok.
took years, literally, to get from 23+ to 20+. hoping there's some persistent state that'll make it easier second find around.
you have the worst apple luck
ya i don't know why i'm surprised at this point
citron research wrote a piece on mbly a while ago.
thank you for that
we can help you with that. ~arh
i hope you're hinting at giving me a coupon for 400 free mozzarella sticks.......
me: why don't u invite me to your fire island share? him: you've hooked up with 3 of us me: so, that's less than half him: there is 7 of us
me: why are you punishing me because you chose to be in a fire island share with my leftovers?!
where do you get the best veg momos in kathmandu?
i loved loved bagmati sweets' veg/paneer momo, i wonder if it's still as good as it used to be!
dean obeidalah revealed today on the dr. that trump turned to evaluate his health on tv dr oz is the son of muslim immigrants!ow
common knowledges. as was steve jobs.
we are live from sam's place on franklin in eugene, across from matt knight arena. oh, it's a big one!(kramer voice)
phone....there is no official duck phone? i'm imagining a glass cover and one red button like batman had
just saw an "will 'sexy harambe' be one of this year's hottest halloween costumes?" article and now i want to die.
i wonder how long this dates back. my brother was at a halloween party in '82 who went as grace kelly (post crash).
congrats on the big news from this weekend
thanks owen, exciting news indeed!
i'm curiously wondering if the yankees would consider adding billy butler to the 2017 club.
depends what they think of tyler austin
new job? congratulations!
just a side project...atm
proud to be amongst the supporters of this campaign to pardon snowden. please add your name!
he's safe. he's just fine. energy really should be for chelsea.
i happen to believe, and happens to believe, that if you work 40 hours a week you should not be living in poverty.
she should have had that talk with her husband when bill sat down with wall st to craft job killing
they'll prob just switch to demanding you change the licence to mit or bsd.
there is a 100% chance you are right about this
i'm going to pick up a copy of fantasian
can't wait to hear your thots
hello got tix to hello dolly. cannot wait.
congrats! read about the original production here:
we as a gaming community should organize a search party and start looking around bus stations for clues.
maybe its best to wait it out this nigga be back once he's ready to announce a nms sequel. bawahaha!
when did they move fairfax from virginia to california?
whoops! that works out to be a rather confusing typo. thanks for pointing that out.
with 17 touchdowns in 3 halfs
he's been sitting out all these second halfs??
i can't get the game anywhere down here! ou ou ou ou. thanks for the call thursday night. always lifts my spirits! love u gene
is on the up here ... loves you more
sending that halftime motivation from .
exactly!! note ... is needed in the locker room at the half!
omg i really can't stand america....when is this stupid election over??? the 2020 election will be 150% bullshit.
remember, there's a little of poop out there. watch where you step!
the men in my life on a saturday morning
that is so beyond adorbs it's ridic
and yes, i realize that 99.9% of that 99.9% also happens to be on twitter. as my replies will shortly showcase.
more so than the charging quibble, my favorite response is "too easy to lose" - so apple should have made it bigger/bulkier?
i'm about to start making youtube videos again lol, idk why i stopped
what did you used to make i was thinking about starting for a min
why the fed destroyed the market economy
the sdr &amp; pending orwellian animal farm
i'm 51 today .... some thoughts ...
happy birthday!!
next weekend i'll be at in fairfax, ca to discuss all things related! details:
fairfax, va, rather. what a confusing typo, sorry!
i'm a frickin sheep whisperer all i said was "please stop for a pic" &amp; he even gave me different angles to work with
that sheep knows how to work it.
i wanna be the fifth inning guy and just yell about my dick for a little while then leave to find some cocaine
"mike the 5th inning guy with us" "hello folks where are your drugs and sandwiches?"
panini's grammar and computer science via
superlative effort bt written like a research paper4science journal! cn it b simplified so mr cn learn n enjoy?
i've been hating candy corn since 1993
it's fall so they will start to put those bags of the devil's seed in stores too.
this snakebites you drowned
thank you again lol never will i down that many snake bites in 1 hour
my biggest issues are not enough water and not enough sleep. definitely going to work on it. 1 month to go.
goes fast, youngest just got his braces off.
hahaha ya i heard about that. i managed to get in quick enough to get one
oh, me too. guess we're lucky!
the biggest takeaway so far? louisville is winning the one on one matchups and dominating the line of scrimmage.
ole miss dominated los in their first half too. can never count out noles in 2nd half, although this looks ominous.
ugh so tired of ppl using my pics and not crediting me
like give credit where credit is due how hard is it to @ me
damn! that keaton batman is dead on!
yeah, he's a beauty!
is it crazy that i'm annoyed by the arrangement of paintings in my hotel room?
no! how are you supposed to sleep in that asymmetrical hell?
did you have a favourite match from the ?
too many to fit in 140 characters.
when your friends are indirectly paying your bills
always here to help the cause
good mornting! i'm already missing my magical unicorn hair....should i dye it back soon?!
although i love the purple, keep it natural and healthy for a while.
yeah lmfaoo nigga had 6 tds in the first half the first game lmfaooooo
i think it was actually 8
yep. passing is so much better this year. got away with should be interception on last drive tho.
cards drives - 6 plays td; 3-punt; 6-td; 8-missed fg; 9-td; 5-td; 6-td. 7 drives 5 tds 1 punt 1 missed fg
get in a long ass line thottie
it's by my pet's theatre, and across the street from my first boyfriend's shitty apartment. also, my godmother was amazza.
syria's military says u.s.-led coalition struck its base in deir el-zour, allowing islamic state group to advance.
putin should continue to bomb the hell out of syria
it was hilarious. these country squirrels are timid af. a nyc squirrel woulda just stared; "da fuck you lookin at?"
that's the pigeons here in sf
less than 24 hours, 18 miles of running, lots a quick hugs, wine and fog... and my sf love tank is full again
come back for a refill real soon!!
hold up hold up hold up: you think something is disgusting but don't feel that word is ok to use when describing it?
it denigrates african americans, who are not to ever be compared with arabs and middle easterners.
i wanna go for an adventure trip but malaysia is so boring lmao
in terms of what?
kicking off in 2 hours! see you at the observatory!
kill it brother miss you guys
i wasn't expecting that lol
clearly a lot of people feel the same way. raiders are one of those legendary franchises. moving them out of oakland is crazy
he won't do a purpose tour here twice, no, but i can't do anything about that
yeah i know he might do a second leg in north america
modern rises 1c. would not see that if on the same scale as proxies
if we see +5c by 2100, would that also disappear?
needed a new podcast, delivered one right up my alley.
your harry potter-loving diagon alley?!
why am i wide awake at 3 am...? oh yeah...
i was the same way !
that really isn't so bad. i've been off running completely since february... &amp;!@*ing plantar fasciitis.
i know many people who've been hit by that. they all recovered eventually. (apart from my dad who's ~80.)
new: wi gov. scott walker playing tim kaine in 's vice-presidential debate prep sessions, confirms.
who decided this was a good idea? he debated so badly he went from in polls to dropping out first
what have we gotten ourselves into?
welcome to boston. =)
headed to the 4th, sea gulls in cruise control.
new scoreboard?
not too bad for 7 tummy surgeries huh?!
how are you? feeling better?
yeah but whats his 40 yard dash time on a new york sidewalk on aloha friday?
probably second in the country to....yours truly
but yeah. at least you won't see the big corps expecting free support.
favorite time this happened was on-site at a big client, guy next to me at a urinal recognized me from github, asked me to fix a bug
one can only hope.
i cast magic missle into the darkness
you know anyone with spare for honor ps4 keys?
nope. sadly not. only xbox
the congressional black caucus rejects trump's birther admission
what would be said of a white caucus? democrats are the most racist party in america. see you on nov 8th!
trying to find a roommate in nyc while also having an aversion to craigslist is really stressful, fyi.
have you tried the gypsy facebook group?
bro this nigga not playing fair
this nigga a cheat code
more so than the charging quibble, my favorite response is "too easy to lose" - so apple should have made it bigger/bulkier?
at some point, you have to be accountable for keeping track of something you own. or not, and pay $9 for a new one. this is not an argument.
i mean the warriors did win the finals and you've only seen finals mvp go to losing team twice before so no
we shall see
i wasn't expecting that lol
shows that all the nfl cares about is money. tradition doesn't matter
this is what hillary believes. if you love america, you would never support her.
we: don't listen to your bs we: trust &amp; love hillary.
stop trolling me!! go eat your spam and rice.
got my commission. money on money on money. forgot to tweet this
oh, gawd. what was it?
this tweet but julie deactivated so could be more lol then we talked briefly in 2015
when will you receive it
i just ordered it so it will be a week or so..but then it's on! lol
happy birthday love and miss u sm hope ur having fun in cali enjoy ur day boo
thank you love you, that photo's cute asf
islam terrorists exploit what we cherish most in order to bring our world to despair and chaos
. exactly. they oppose everything supports &amp; everything the party supports.
here are the most viewed k-pop videos in america &amp; around the world for august 2016
yuri &amp; seohyun "secret" deserves to be higher on this list.
you are a liar abby fine!
i couldn't make it
favorite time this happened was on-site at a big client, guy next to me at a urinal recognized me from github, asked me to fix a bug
wasn't even for the team i was consulting for, and he couldn't wait until we were at the sink
currently in the er for my dad
he only has a split lip but just please pray for him
got my commission. money on money on money. forgot to tweet this
that's why god is good. or for you it's fate or some bs lol. i'm funny
clinton foundation spent barely 6 percent on charitable grants in 2014:
but isn't the foundation a canadian company? you should check on this, avoiding us tax , it is easier to get foreign $$
the economy won't create replacements...but creative, educated humans will
there were talks in the 70s of giving everyone a standard $ check. we are heading to some sort of odd utopia to be defined.
enotime is a valid signal. you're twice as busy as any three other people i know. those cats wont pet themselves you know.
mina wants you to know you've got that right.
when u find out that someone who u thought was ur friend was just talking mad shit on u the entire time. you know who you are. fuck you.
what's there to say bad about you though dumb confused you're a handcrafted angel
and lost another game due teammates getting disconnected.
thanks for all your help.
yep. passing is so much better this year. got away with should be interception on last drive tho.
fsu drives - 5-punt; 5-missed fg; 7-fg; 5-td; 1-fumble; 8-punt. 6 drives 1 td 1 fg 1 missed fg 2 punts 1 to. d very good in 1st
generally gracious with some eye-poppingly ungracious moments. generous, yes. not enough enemies to not have been.
again he's only gracious with family and those that agree with him. generous, as long as it benefits him.
he only has a split lip but just please pray for him
update: we're in the kaiser er on geary. they took the blood pressure and everything right away. waiting for the doctor now
before voting, every single adult person in this country should see snowden.
amazing how it was both so informative and entertaining at the same time. best movie to come out in years
problem w/ this argument is it's the press's job to inform voters. if they're misinforming them, it *is* their fault
so yes, it's the voters' fault if they vote for a bigot. but if they're making that decision based on false info, press takes some blame.
zombie reaping has been a feature of since 1.0. please file any bugs at
no this was user error / stupidity it's clear as day in the docs
what u think
blatant troll because nobody could be that dumb. i do respect the hustle tho.
this weekend get up to 93% off &gt;150 hot titles at discountmags! ~save 10% off or $5 off $30+ at discountmags with...
amazing magazine subscriptions with no sales tax, ship at discountmags!
spotted this on my trip last week. how the hell did they get a hiace in the us? i want one!
notice the license plate is from mexico...
i happen to believe, and happens to believe, that if you work 40 hours a week you should not be living in poverty.
take a look at bill clinton's great plan to see how tpp will create more poverty
comes in gif form too!
$8.99 an issue these days???
how about we meet you halfway at . we'll even hook you up with a t-shirt if you make it here! ~arh
where is here???
wow, ... not a shred of science to back up any of these claims. cc:
nope. not a shred.
i made the les deplorables meme on last saturday. been banned ever since. they won't respond to tell me why.
you captured populist revolution supporters waged vs gope &amp; now the establishment personified by hillary.
that's why god is good. or for you it's fate or some bs lol. i'm funny
ugh. wrote that without thinking. terrible joke.
, is the paycheck from enabling a fear mongering sociopath on live tv worth your conscience &amp; deeper than your moral code?
honestly you should be ashamed of yourself. doesn't matter what the exec's say. having trump on your show was spineless.
last night san andreas was insane!!!!!!! tonight we in cupertino still feelin it tour!!!!!!!!
fab u are grinding gam! keep it up! will be there tonight and because of your grind opens doors for those trying to come up!
happy birthday anna banana!!!!! love and miss ur funny ass sm! hope california is as fun as you!!!
thank you miss you!!!
at some point, you have to be accountable for keeping track of something you own. or not, and pay $9 for a new one. this is not an argument.
maybe apple should have installed a gps sensor in the dongle for those who lose it. or maybe an ankle bracelet they use for house arrests...
so yes, it's the voters' fault if they vote for a bigot. but if they're making that decision based on false info, press takes some blame.
obviously there are many americans that know trump is a bigot and love him for it. others are willing to ignore it.
when you turn 18 you become an adult. when you turn 23 you enter adulthood.
blink 182 just really ruined the whole year for us. it's a stigma we'll have to learn to overcome.
thanks brittney - think you'll also love our sustainable investing service - see here:
i do! i also have a redwood account.
how about "yammering"?
sounds like something i learned "listening" to true bromance...
i hate term "patient engagement". no one is more engaged, involved than the patient. i want researcher, clinician, industry engagement
people don't want engagement. they want to live their best days. that's what healthcare organizations should enable
yoooo why he got on supreme boxers tho
nah cuz he "shits" on supreme
$8.99 an issue these days???
that's less than an iphone 7 dongle!
wasn't even for the team i was consulting for, and he couldn't wait until we were at the sink
really it's my own fault if i didn't have bugs in my libraries i'd be able to use the restroom in peace
honestly you should be ashamed of yourself. doesn't matter what the exec's say. having trump on your show was spineless.
what gives, dude?
enjoying some fun in the sun on this final weekend of summer 2016. hope yours is a memorable one!
is this an ad? you are very beautiful.
they must have picked up i had some kind of a history with flavored vodka.
nothing says saturday afternoon like bubblegum flavored vodka.
what an adventure
follow for more
yeah i know
maybe you can try coming here when he does come back
and not just the real police either
oh great so all those dolled up private security assholes are going to have a field day with this
don't let these string bean leg nxggas who can't dead-lift half their weight discourage you from weight lifting.
you certainly know how to turn a phrase...!
time: what was the first on product created? random correct answers win limited edition 30th anniversary gear!
on gold standard
birtherism is about citizenship, stop dividing the races with this dangerous divisiveness. signed: from the rez
trump's birtherism isn't about citizenship-it's stark racism
devin u dud
she made me delete the picture ://
guess what i'm doing today
organizing your sock drawer?
bernie campaigning for hillary is such a sad sight.
it will end. she's due under bis mafia bus headed to vatican
obviously there are many americans that know trump is a bigot and love him for it. others are willing to ignore it.
but the ppl who chose not to vote or vote for third party- they're the ones the press is failing. that's my beef with the press.
why is cryogenically freezing someone considered a prison sentence? hey you get to live in the future now
*thaws out criminal* hey i know it's been an hour from your pov but we think you're ready for parole
i really got a 4 hour drive yo.... kill me now
but it was worth it
what gives, dude?
stand up for something other than ratings. it would be one thing if you actually challenged him... you played with his hair!
lol. i'm waiting for my plus to come in which has an eta of 11/1
mmmm i got rose gold plus. yours must be black...keep watching your ship dates they will update
if only pip would say yes
pip's heading for a shotgun wedding (which i half expected with that last fella)
this guy gave me a tip and said "you're worth every penny" it was one dollar
i'll kill him
kaine reminds me more of kasich than walker. would have been my choice
agreed. i wonder who is "playing" hillary in debate prep?
congress investigating obama's effort to undermine netanyahu via
obama would love to see our only true allied with true freedom in the middle east burning in flames!
again, the finest running gag in batman '66 is that batman's gadgets are always bigger than robin's gadgets.
of coursethere'sa logical reason "i'm batman."
hallelujah and praise the lord....
for he must reign till he has put all enemies under his feet. 1 corinthians 15:25
abdelkader backes and dubinsky made this team over kessel okposo and bobby ryan... please let me know how
i'll take those three over okposo too
feeling very emotionally strong because hachiko made me yawn, not cry. thanks, guys.
you saw the one with richard gere didn't you?
in case you thought the world couldn't possibly be any more repugnant than it already is...penn state is honoring joe paterno today.
are you kidding? omg what is happening to our world!
you're using secret service detail as well, my tax dollars protecting your ass!
again with inciting violence
sure, where should i send details?
sent you a dm. happy saturday.
a vote for hillary is a vote for a marxist communist socialist islam government!
not to mention a flat out liar for her entire life- see second pic for my hope for her
mark cuban wants attention to feed his ego. if he really has ten million $$ to play with then let him go ahead and give it to charity.
he is a dolt. let him give the 10 million to the veterans.
wasn't intentional! and young justice trumps both of those shows!
hold on now, jl maybe but jlu?????? stiring it up today i saw lmao
you know that pip won't be wearing white? i'm thinking mauve &amp; dove grey for me.
a pleasing combo
today in "talking baseball while female"
people are threatened by smart women! keep talking...
whhhhat? did u go to ut? my hubby's alum and my bro is a cal bear. gonna be an interesting day!!
i did! are you going to the game?
if you hadn't said bull durham, i was breaking up with you.
lol. i dream about that susan.
lets go! when?
lets get together with the crew lol plan it around the time we said just not on days near titas mines or santis bday lol
dude that's like 100% is the real world
yes, 100% of the world. that works in tech. and is on twitter. agreed, seemingly 100% overlap there.
that's not true all the time. lots of sick people never seek care. lots miss appts, ignore advice, etc. engagement varies lots
depends who defines it. seems like u have here! i live w disease day in and out, regardless of what i do to care for myself
hallie meyer follows in father danny meyer's footsteps with her own startup,
. grateful for this story! similar footsteps...different way to enjoy great meals made with love!
" a mind is like a parachute. it doesn't work if is not open." frank zappa by m. putland , london , 1971
***beautiful. again. thank you, sal.. ***
but the ppl who chose not to vote or vote for third party- they're the ones the press is failing. that's my beef with the press.
when someone says, "i'm not voting, they're both equally bad." where did they get that notion? that's the frustration on the left.
when i board any plane i look at all the people and edit my observations of them into a montage for the opening sequence of an action film.
is there a teddy bear? tell me there's a teddy bear!!!!
shit feels like your floating to me
yea it feels like that lol
ahhhh i get you. and hell yeah, gates rules
i hate takes that are like "this person is incomparable" (though i'm on the fence about if this one was satirical)
she can suck huma's balls! it will look like the wall in the 300 if they try that shit here!
woohoo! that was descriptive! thanks for the visual
not to mention a flat out liar for her entire life- see second pic for my hope for her
he was a flat out liar also!
i just arrived and found a seat at and i already spotted and many more. hi y'all!
will be on the lookout for you.
happy friday!
happy weekend!
hs is not a failure of design, it's a clear failure of *leadership* and strategy.
ok. let's talk about linkedin now. ;)
my friend 's short short short story about an escaped red panda is soooooooo good.
thanks so much, beth!!
just insecure girls that obviously see me as a threat :) but i'm still grinding, doing what i'm meant to be doing
truly an angel wow wow adore you babe
. how best to shut down the "hrc is a flawed candidate" junk when egregiously flawed men have been elected forever?
30+ years of negative press and investigations that led to nothing.
- "this is not the time for a protest vote"
nader didn't cost al gore the election, fucking al gore lost al gore the election. you want to win, nominate better people!
the other guys.
where u live now??
fairfax va and farifax ca are, well, sort of far away from each other:)
yes, it's a very confusing typo. i don't like to delete tweets, but i think i must.
haha yeah man. how many hachiko's can there be. it was slow as molasses
there are a few. the original is japanese, but of course. i haven't bothered watching, though.
not good! but i'm in the chair and i'm not fucking getting up until i get at least 500 more word down.
at the desk too. i'm going offline cause otherwise twitter is too much distraction. good luck and i'll check with you later!
yeah, just posted
it worked for me fwiw
stand up for something other than ratings. it would be one thing if you actually challenged him... you played with his hair!
i'm sure everyone back home in bay ridge is disgusted with you. you need to reorient your moral compass, my man.
i did! are you going to the game?
hubby and bro are going! gotta wait for a furniture delivery tonight. is hard. !
travis scott has the "vibe" but there's points where he could say something really dope but it just falls right into trite trap tropes
listened to him for the first time last night. i agree. also the vocal effects are just too damn much.
i think there's enough energy for both campaigns.
my impression is making spaces safer for most vulnerable will "free" snowden by default
this whole look is on point
i need her nails
my coworkers threw me a surprise potluck for my birthday. tacos, pineapples, and shortbread cookies
happy born day!!!
profs would make the fact i'm trans a discussion point worth debating in class, like i was an object to be studied, a trauma to be unpacked
thats awful. i am so sorry. wtf
a lot of people tweeting that 1,600 homeless folks in bangkok figure. but bangkok has a lot of housing that would be illegal here.
. a sign we should more? eg c/
not even people hoping to eat on a sunday?
probably all of the people hoping to eat on a sunday. i just can't rationalize waiting to eat pizza. children.
my yoga coach is brutal. no skipping the morning yoga session when is on duty.
i saw the show cats last night, you'd love it!
and are some of the nicest, most talented musicians i've ever worked with. last night was unreal.
dude, thank you. last night was awesome! see you again soon!
do i have a shot at hitting the powerball?
technically, you do! lol. i bet we cover the 18.5 or whatever it is. i got faith!
it been get a second season
i saw an audition notice for the second season so they're at least planing one!
i hate takes that are like "this person is incomparable" (though i'm on the fence about if this one was satirical)
also "jobs is dead" the dude's dead because he thought the vegan raw food diet could cure cancer.
here's the work of the alt right..'stheir symbol,bannon who runs trump campaign is their boytrump jr rt them
it's horrible, but plz consider not spreading this stuff around even more, as it's exactly what they want :(
my 10 year old cousin is texting me asking how the ice cream is in hungary.
well tell us...how is it
when is david price going to turn into pressure time david price? i know it's coming, and it's going to be glorious.
gary sanchez said it was about time
. what time you gonna be out there tomorrow? what ya wanna drank?
early. coronas lol.. bhs got the location.
well that's pretty awesome. is yoga your go-to when it comes to staying healthy and being active?
not my go-to but i enjoy it now and then
she was good in that.
summer catch though!!!!
they're the kind that are on social media for free but don't even have a business account on any of them not interested
this isn't really true
my life is an rpg, currently expanding my mana for further dexterity use. jeez man i need to get out my house and make friends
dude you know like everyone lol u have so many friends
anyone recall a male writer/tv personality he called "wacky" or "neurotic?"
let's remember, as kellyanne conway has said, donald trump doesn't engage in personal insults.
i haven't figured out if you mean this in a good way or bad way
with what? i'm lost in the convo!?!?
because they are slightly overrated i think, though at least not like justinian
macedonians had great battlefield and war strategy but poor domestic policy and military development.
up coming giveaways, who wants to take some of this off my hands?
i need the kat von d palette please
thanks everyone. lots of encouraging comments for
the 3 songs from pre-order are great!!
what the fuck, i thought tokyopop was dead and this series went out of print! :0 buying it and wishlisting volume 3
tokyopo restarted a year or so ago, so they're slowly coming back.
listened to him for the first time last night. i agree. also the vocal effects are just too damn much.
i don't hate vocal effects. they're cool. just tired on every single track.
i can't afford a purpose tour ticket and a plane ticket lmao
awww that sucks
man tell me about it
you're the goat
it's even possible to do it somewhat cheaply now (not as cheaply as hd) which is surprising how quickly prices came down!
does this explain why fury road 4k has 1080 vfx? kinda jarring
*eyeing postbox icon on my doc* should i be worried?
i hope not! it's just been very crashy for me for months. i'm sticking with it over anyway, though.
confirmed: cruiserweight champion + these six competitors are bound!
what about jack gallagher, johnny gargano, tozawa, and ciampa? weren't they announced??
now that ive learned teenage dirtbag on guitar it's time to face the world
love that song
yep. the matte black n jett black are the popular colors this year.
absolutely. we're working hard to get them out as fast as we can. hope you're surprised and delighted soon!
sup tho
i miss yewww
i'm sure everyone back home in bay ridge is disgusted with you. you need to reorient your moral compass, my man.
i'm all for entertainment, but this is someone who wants to detract from the well being of good peoples' lives... ?
when i used to act like an anime character
haha ah back in the good old days
the win at nc state in 2014 was the last bc win i was at. that broke a streak of losses. what was the last attended win before that?
champs sports bowl?
i now see the larger point. people need more heroes than only those troubled figures.
not even that: people need troubled figures to be discussed with their flaws. i think there's a lot to learn from jobs.
hey, does tyler have a twitter account? i can't find him :(
hey, he's tylerreid on instagram, but i don't believe he has a twitter
likewise - caffeine tolerance is a real thing.
have you found something for afternoon lulls without adverse effects? i wonder if l-theanine would help
i haven't figured out if you mean this in a good way or bad way
oh it's a good thing! haha i figured it out now!!
i didn't think this totally, but i think me being indifferent to gore was partially media &amp; the belief w wouldn't win
and that's why i get so upset at false equivalence bullshit. it hurts the left w/ ambivalent voters
subtle interrogation lamp
you don't want to be under the intense iterrogation lamp, believe me! holy cruel and unusual punishment, batman!
of course lol. fact: these dudes make bank
word them niggas paid!
gary sanchez hit that to cambridge.
i don't know if cambridge is in that direction, but you know.
this week the nypd gave the cop who killed a $23,000 raise &amp; named the cop who killed 'sergeant of the year'.
...whoever they are been watching too much steve mcq "wanted dead or...." (stupid azz popo)
you have very refined, specific taste.
also - jessica biel is no. 2 on my list.
here's the work of the alt right..'stheir symbol,bannon who runs trump campaign is their boytrump jr rt them
it's horrible, but plz consider not spreading this stuff around even further, as it's exactly what they want
the pic that started it all
you got my twitter jumpin
happy birthday miss u! have a great day &lt;3333
thanks abb! miss you too
not even that: people need troubled figures to be discussed with their flaws. i think there's a lot to learn from jobs.
he built incredible, world changing things. also was flawed and human. that's important to discuss!
what happened?
nothing. she is getting too much involved in the 'am i beautiful, am i not' issue. :p
awww. i know. i was so quiet, though. i only talked to a couple ppl. lol.
its hard to start convos on here and keep relationships going..esp if you follow so many
macedonians had great battlefield and war strategy but poor domestic policy and military development.
but associating them with fedoras is harsh
$10 says this doesn't show up in the crime stats for this neighborhood. like all the other crap here. /
thanks for all the info - we've referenced in an article about what we know so far:
if you're single, stop worrying. god is saving you for someone special. someone worth the wait. someone who will never take you for granted.
just wondering if you know a bible verse that states this? or is this just a general encouragement?
steffie is in a ball in the corner of my living room on the floor facetiming everyone on the planet to go to shmorgasburg
everyone from my grad program is there rn but im like nope
hella creepy
yeah . . . &gt;.&gt;
cold-blooded.
what mascot is that ?
when gza, red and meth, and nas are playing back to back at but have to leave early for a hockey game.
...the one and only
i'm all for entertainment, but this is someone who wants to detract from the well being of good peoples' lives... ?
your show's rad, you're a great entertainer, but this trump shit is for the birds &amp; unacceptable.
no, i didn't just finish watching the series and no, i didn't just cry my eyes out.
. we just started it over again a year after finishing it
lol, it's monday, but thank you!!!!
well, then i'll have to say it again on monday.
that's pretty cool. i'm guess you might be too busy for a full appearance. thanks anyway. you're really cool!
well, tbh, it's more because with dave, pablo, and henry already i wouldn't have much too add. thanks though!
stopppp you know i get busy!!!! making it sound intentional
lol. so i'm forgettable is what you're saying? even better!!!
awww. i know. i was so quiet, though. i only talked to a couple ppl. lol.
was your first ever tweet really to lol
hmmmm...it's the mathematics. how much is involved? i guess i can always relearn! it sounds fascinating.
civil isn't too much math. really just algebra &amp; geometry, unless you want to do structural engineering.
look how sfmta waters down safety and tries to spin it to preserve curb side parking.
that move was completely political to appease drivers. no one thinks it's better for transit riders.
days like today i remember why i run cross country. it's for the wegmans runs.
is this in honor of someone named wegmans?
was not a nader voter though. he was an obvious tool to me at the time
lmao, he really was a self-important ass
thinking of you and leo!
omg. we both want to go there!!
for what it's worth, i lost 2-0 to team europe in my first game of nhl 17 (on superstar). real life usa wins 4-2.
i believe i lost 4-3 in my game against them
said it best: if thinking about your dreams doesn't make you emotional, you need bigger dreams.
wow i love this!!
i feel like the only person in the world without a podcast.
let's do one about not having podcasts. call it: sure why not
good to hear! i can't wait to finally own this series. it's adorable.
this is funny to me because we've talked about this series, and tokyopop once had the manga for kingdom hearts.
if you had one wish for allegiance, what would it be and why?
for it to come home to california!
there's a node module that lets you write `console = require('global/console')`. dl'ed 20k times/day. the code:
there is module fs on npm, which is dump of 0.10 builtin fs module. :) 8k/day
like what? even my thing was posted to share something i've seen tweets about to let people know they aren't crazy.
appreciated here too. noticed mine as well, on the phone w/ apple now
i want all your opinions, why is "mom" a compliment to other girls? like i do it but idk why i do it if that makes sense -a
it's weird lmao it's bc ya love your mom and supposedly she's the person you're supposed to look up to so yeah
never use berserk unless you've cleared the entire room, interrupt/los/stun everything you can (esp the arcane eles),
sorry, did you suggest i crowd control something as a dh tank?
i had a dream last night that the world was literally ending and aliens were attacking and i was like "gotta record this podcast tho"
this is why we aren't friends
sign posted outside park dedicated to freedom
in fairness, they worked pretty hard to make most of these restrictions sound affirmative
aw you'll never know! believe in everything because everythings reachable
yeah i know but he's not allowed to give his number out
best part of putin bio: when he defends himself against corruption charges by pretending not to know what france is.
"i'm too dumb to give falsifiable/liable specifics" sounds eerily familiar
track by track review of 's aces new album
amazing traveling but will read in a bit! thank u!
haha now that is a meta question! btw, burlingame is our fave place, very jealous! :)
actually live in sf, was in burlingame for apple store :) mmm london. grab some salt beef @ brass rail at selfridges for me.
it is constantly a joy and an honor. right now, my inner twelve-year-old is shrieking i'm in a book with alan dean foster and dancing.
he, and some unknown librarian, are indirectly why i am still here. he wrote the book that was my gateway to star trek.
our incredible governor swung by our weekend of action canvass to amp us up for the next 52 days!
i mean....best gov in the country. best team.
come back for a refill real soon!!
i will!! longer next time!! loved seeing you
- i have one good idea.. but it will take time. ;)
so what's the idea man?
football time. here's the martin stadium ui-wazzu crowd at kickoff. students still sleeping maybe?
yikes. maybe 15-20,000 there?? regardless of early kickoff and opponent being idaho that's rather embarrassing for the
plenty of wine glasses to go around! everyone needs a glass of ros!
you also need these!
recap of the first half from louisville
papa looks lit asf
great headline in newsday today for one of our soccer players!
. it's actually two of your players you idiots.
shoutout to my father, the 1 person in my life constantly making me feel like i'm not good enough appreciate it
like, shouldn't the threat of your only daughter be enough to kick-start ya sobriety??
why did the ape cross the road?
i thought that was a riddle but yeah i thought that and said the same thing. why walk towards the cops?
i'll be racing in a huge race today at noon! come on down to sonoma raceway and cheer on my team!
the protect your assets car looks right dave! lock in!
me to bf: hey let's go for a long, long walk today. weather: nah, its raining. i'm so irked but we seriously needed rain.
get the umbrella out, non wife!
woke up grumpy, then worked up a sweat doing housework. felt better. this "exercise moderates your feelings" thing may have something to it.
it really works for me. almost always.
he's frequently gracious with the media idiots who hate him. second part requires knowing motives.
the media used to eat up his every word until he turned on them with questions making him accountable.
they are from
ok but what about the socks bc i'm obsessed with them, theyre too cute
as a fellow sw fan, i'm curious to know: do you like conflcted anti-villains?
very much. my all-time favorite fictional villain is magneto and i think he fits that mold.
bitch how is your body manly
it's so bad!! my shoulders are so wide and my arms so far lmaoo
are you talking to yourself?
check our profile info
trannies are sexually assaulting women in locker rooms and bathrooms. don't let them in!
: quick! men are sexually assaulting women everywhere! don't let them out! ?
asking those questions constitutes a level 3 thoughtcrime citizen. please report to your nearest re-education center
last night, people's replies to me started being disconnected from the origin tw again.
justifying the reacquisition of a drum machine by telling myself it's one of the cheaper &amp; longer lasting forms of stress mgmt. pass/fail?
pass. with flying colors. i also have the itch... in other news, i quit dj'ing almost 10 years ago. w.t.f.
trump will fight to get companies to bring jobs back to america. hillary will fight for her donors and special interests as she always has.
why doesn't he start by having his own hotel goods made in america? a little hypocrisy here? i am shocked, shocked.
we beat our record for vr forms @ del ray market b/c of these guys!!
no surprise there -- i mean....look at that dog!
revis struggled early on last year too. he'll feed off the critics and will be much better moving forward.
every def to deal with. ive argued since march 15' that fitz is much better than ppl realize. his previous 5seasons are not&gt;
the irony of being judged for judging.
bible's full of irony. like people thinking they were shutting up some uppity heretic, who ends up being the son of god.
like, shouldn't the threat of your only daughter be enough to kick-start ya sobriety??
apparently not when he's thanking the woman who got him hooked in the first place...
chill i woulda told them get this dumb mf off my car
ehh it was an old mercedes e350 nothing fancy lol
birtherism is about citizenship, stop dividing the races with this dangerous divisiveness. signed: from the rez
trump's birtherism isn't about citizenship-it's stark racism
leaked video of
why can't the fans just wait
oh, dear! you have my sympathies!
i will definitely be trying spark for mac when it comes out. (i'm using it on ios now.)
lemme know if billy joel plays there
lol if that happens i'll be sure to host a party
you're not relevant. you're not even interesting.get over yourself sport.
you have had your 15 minutes of fame, now go away or enter the race yourself. coward
ok this 2nd half should be interesting...
let's put it away early in the 3rd quarter!
bingo- it's definitely a persona game then! so i guess the other half of triumph requires targeting their special magical weak spot.
yeah. which is naturally the protag's weapon class.
i've seen plenty of those tatts
same this was back when i didn't even have tats .... still can be a possible.
i can't believe our choices are a serial liar... and a guy who calls people "losers in life" on twitter.
woah the world-famous is back on long island! she just had me like....
all national announcers love the yanks. buck is worst of all good thing he's not there
gag. they haven't been relevant in years. sox get no love. that's okay - we will keep on chugging.
why do you tweet? not why do you use twitter, but actually tweet.
not a complete answer, but partially for this reason
love it! thanks for sharing.
always happy to share
this is funny to me because we've talked about this series, and tokyopop once had the manga for kingdom hearts.
wikipedia has a good bit here.
revis struggled early on last year too. he'll feed off the critics and will be much better moving forward.
like the 1st half if his career. the sts shld be better-throwing out the nightmare in wk 1- and the front 7 is great. but...
precisely. and disabled &amp; elderly most in need of more transportation options than private autos.
i wouldn't say ams is great for elderly or people with mobility disabilities, but few streets were 100% carfree.
yes! she was actually the one who got me to join. haha.
ohhhhh lets tell that story,, i got bubbles to join
are you a snickers bar? 'cause you look like you could satisfy me, and get your nuts in my teeth.
***thank you, ladies, ain't it the truth?***
wikipedia has a good bit here.
so chances are that this was one of the first series that tokyopop brought back.
referring to a power outlet, my daughter asked why something was plugged into the wall's vagina so i'm clearly winning this parenting game
oh man. not sure if that's hysterical or how to react!!!
short tailed field-tyrant, spotted thick knee, scrub nightjar... i swear, birds have the *best* names in the entire animal kingdom.
portugese man of war and hammerhead shark are still the baddest in the ocean.
with that i don't think we need a happy couple - can't we just bridesmaid anyway?
"to bridesmaid" that works!
wapo calls hillary a fashion icon and suggests more women should assert their "power" see it's all the about power!
that's because coleman can make camping tents out of her fashions!
.: 'sinister' is calling racist to get the black vote
trump's racism started with his birther campaign. when will he apologize?
yep. i'll never feel comfortable against fsu
holy crap holy crap holy crap. i'd be screaming right now if lisa weren't sleeping
you don't die. that was the dumbest thing i've ever played
eh not really ggs your host wasnt the greatest either
mainstream furry comic creator drew milo. went public, now they're revealing they're heavily alt-right.
which comic creator
revis struggled early on last year too. he'll feed off the critics and will be much better moving forward.
u cannot have the secondary undermining the entire def and team by making fucking tyrod taylor look like randall cunningham or
i didn't count the exact number, but i got at least a dozen openly antisemitic tweets overnight from trump supporters.
gop = gang of obnoxious pepes.
how to make meetings suck less
"and manager of the macosx engineering team?" i thought that was bertrand...
i know but sometimes j says on ig things like ; do this nd i will facetime u or other things like free purpose tour tickets
that was awhile back though
if gary sanchez keeps this up, should he be al rookie of the year? discuss.
i think he's gonna get votes but most say michael fulmer got it wrapped up.
let's put it away early in the 3rd quarter!
wow! run back on punt return.
yep. i'll never feel comfortable against fsu
i told ya jaire was a good punt returner
my other husband doesn't like walking in the rain, non-hubby.
blah.. i would for you, non wife
i just found a white '67 mercedes benz convertible with a red interior and a black one in mint condition. is this real life
i can't breathe
good to know. thank you.
yeah it's smooth cause you can delete all your photos/video in photos but it'll still be on your phone, i saved 2gb
ha ha! and thats coming from someone called chief red wolf! how old are you, about nine? grow up mate!
you sound just like a garry
dear internet, i honestly do not need help looking like an incompetent washed-up old idiot who cannot run a website, but thanks anyway
hmu if u need to look like young idiot who can't operate website hth
pictured: philly man, 25, who shot two cops, killed woman in ambush
throw away the key.
lmfaooooo you gave me a double shot of patron and you didn't even finish yours so i drank the rest of it
my head was hurting so much but damn that place was lit
my freehand art project before india ink ruined it
mine was so ugly after the indian ink
my follow count has stagnated for over a year now. litterally the same number for over a year.
$twtr needs to rid of dorsey. such promise, no vision.
yeah, smash mouth? gonna take credit for that song and let this guy think it's yours?
jerkf*ck niel diamond wrote it!
sounds awesome guys, have a great one!
let's have a mtg day ourselves! do you have a standard deck? i have some boxes of kaladesh boosters coming in too!
he, and some unknown librarian, are indirectly why i am still here. he wrote the book that was my gateway to star trek.
then the book got into the racks of battered paperbacks in the kids' section, where i picked it up. another life saved.
how was the rave last night?
bombs after bombs
todd better be working with them hard the next week. thank goodness the offense and dl stepped up in the 2nd half.
im being honest with you; i luv macagnan but i can tell u right now the jury is still out on bowles as far as im concerned
where are you? turn on your tv- we've got your preview of the home opener right now on fox 11. vince ferragamo/jackie slater &amp; me!
i missed it. why didn't you call me?
corey feldman - go 4 it ( ft. doc ice ) - live on today show 2016 via
killscreens sound way better.
he fed up lmaooo
going bananas in that basement
i'm not even mad about the term 'fat' that's just a weird name for a product all around
its... another level
london's muslim mayor in u.s.: 'immigrants shouldn't assimilate'
islam is not about integration, it is about conquest. you elect a muslim, what do you expect?
can't wait for rick to be fixed, havin mom and dad bring me everywhere is already gettin old
i miss that life im too lazy to drive i need a shofar
bernie and zephyr crowd yesterday
you voting for hillary?
they won't jump bama unless bama loses. maybe swing some votes though?
it's was kind of tongue in cheek. kind of really possible.
they fit really nice too
i know im so happy
yeah i've noticed my own shadowban seems to kick in every time i mention hrc or the blatantly rigged election.
, even on the rare occasions when i have to defend one of the candidates, i still get tapped.
they repaved the road outside my building. now whenever i step outside, the phrase "fresh macadam" enters my mind, unbidden.
every time. "fresh macadam." it might not even be macadam. it might be asphalt. how would someone like me know the difference?
when she slid the shoulders of her shirt down, it became a classic
lmfao i didmy even peep. can we talk about this split tho
normally, i would be pissed. i think the focus is due to the fact that gary sanchez was voted the player of the month in .
meh. he may be a flash in the pan. too early to tell. we'll see.
feel free to follow my shenanigans + i'll send u embarrassing pics of
oh i absolutely will
i'm still shook that this outfit looks so good on me in pics and irl i feel like a potato
you're so much thinner om g hardworking beb
i'm hoping that kierken was just a clone!
either that or they can do a time jump and make things right :) then everyone would be safe!
todd better be working with them hard the next week. thank goodness the offense and dl stepped up in the 2nd half.
hes made some stinging errors. he lost that 1st thurs night game v buff last year. he alone!! i was screaming at the tv when&gt;
cream cheese you fucking knob i ran out of characters don't @ me
fuckin @ me again m8 see what fuckin happens prick i swear down on me nans life i'll deck you m8
. sonned so bad, roland should be given a gift:
keep it up. we need you.
lmfao well i don't remember this so it was a good night!
space ninja everywhere i go
whats it like to be smart
way more farts than expected
it is... but he loves you tho your a belieber? then he loves you and believe me he ain't lying
yeah i know
here they are the wentz on left i have yet to see show up anywhere.
buddy of mine is interested in the wentz's. would you be willing to part with one and how much
thank god they're listening to bernie on who to vote for. they have our appreciation.
hopefully they are listening to his message! lol
and this nigga is wearing supreme fucking dickhead
hes wearing it bc " supreme on my dick and im shitting on them "
not enough cat where is cat
get reals. if allowed i put my cats in all the articles.
that one time u accidentally put mine on and whipped them hahaha
and then my dad threw mine away hahah
breaking: kasich supporting obama, tpp, hillary, won't vote trump and "welcomes" your "backlash!"
good because i have seen two year old's behave better. he could never be potus.
a lot of people tweeting that 1,600 homeless folks in bangkok figure. but bangkok has a lot of housing that would be illegal here.
. a sign we should more? c/
peter cain at matthew marks. wow.
jerry, have you seen this show yet?
i feel genuinely happy right now and it's the absolute most terrifying feeling because i can't remember the last time i felt this way.
yay!!!! this tweet made me smile. i'm just a text away if you ever need me hunnny
when i have a day off i always want to get a tattoo
get a tattoo of me
you won't see him till either dubfire or hyte halllween or scuba
y'all better go to space tonight bc damn he played so good last night here in nyc
gld championship shirt &amp; littsburgh hat now available now at threads on carson.
what's the possibility of a phone order?
my brothers gf is soooo cute i love her
i especially love that she's type awkward lol
sim bhullar is not the greatest of all time
what idiot said this????
there is this thing called the internet... ;)
by that argument, everything is evenly distributed. am i right?
i've only missed one and it was because i'm an idiot.
i missed one bc it was weds before thanksgiving. i will never fly that day again.
i need that. my phone is full until i can get a new phone.
yeah jump on that &amp; you can sign in with your regular gmail
4: and flush spending that would only make sense if those projections were realized.
we need to do the podcast to discuss this! going to send another note to hopefully set it up.
cobblestones aren't the nicest surface for riding bikes on either...
these weren't full on cobblestones that were bad for riding, just bad for rolling luggage and thin soled shoes.
not heard of that - i was thinking more of walt's sleeping beauty "make it blue ... pink" scene
as auntie to 2 girls, have aversion to all things disney, but i'm prepared to go along with yr pref.
todd better be working with them hard the next week. thank goodness the offense and dl stepped up in the 2nd half.
inexplicably eschewed a chip shot fg down 10 in the 3rd qtr. he kicks it there they didnt have 2go for 7 4straight x's inside
on national prisoners of war remembrance day, a pow shares what it means when trump insults veterans.
he is a horrible person, you have my vote,wish people would hear his lies
your barnes &amp; noble needs to stop breaking street date, because the second volume isn't out until next week.
also you can preorder the rest of the series now.
so apparently we just ended the syrian ceasefire by being incredibly stupid. go us.
or it was intentional.
mercy rule at clemson. these games are a joke. it's paycheck game as players risk injury &amp; fans pay for exhibition.
so where were you last week jon when nicholls gave uga all they wanted?
hype for the concert!
pull up for 3 over me dad
yeahhhh. that's true. i'm addicted to this site. lmao.
sometimes i don't want to come here but like i have friends here and they help and also i don't want them to miss me lol
this is now my favorite video unofficial trump ad: i wish via
great reflection of trump's history! please rt.
isn't the compass... supposed to point north?
. you know what i mean. it doesn't move (it's not just this app, it's everywhere)
and fuck andrew benintendi
he has dinner in the north end and tries to tell you how the food should taste.
wearing uggs to my soccer game today....is it too soon to be this basic or nah?
nah it's about 4 years late* to be dat basic but it while u at it
can't trust a nigga named francois...
lol stall eem out rell
look at those dorks hamming it up in the front row. side note: my shorts are soaked.
a bunch of cuties for sure~
todd better be working with them hard the next week. thank goodness the offense and dl stepped up in the 2nd half.
the 5 comin up snake eyes and losing by 5.u know how lucky he is that buff didnt convert on the on-side kick?? how the fuck do
you keep on deluding yourself that berners r gonna fall in line ... we will have the last word on this!
bernie still fighting n not believing da lies that the economy is fine
gonna go take a look at iphones today. first time i haven't bought mine sight unseen but i gotta touch 'em before deciding.
the new home button is not an improvement. you settle for it. after using it for a day i picked up a 6s and the button was a tonic.
when twitter inexplicably fails to send a tweet. over and over.
i could sit here trying to send this tweet all day. you will not win, buggy twitter.
i'm so excited for my friend who just dropped his new album! congratulations man!
thanks homie! that means a lot to me! hope to see you soon :)
i'm over here sending random ass messages with invisible ink
me too. just got the hell of it lol
": *feels cool breeze* me: im crying
where is the lie tho
. show last night reminds me of 99% trump -bad, which is true, compared to1%hrc-not so bad. hillary is bad too.
even shows like this are panic reporting. no matter what, it's all panic all the time.
why do they even rank teams this early
. i don't mind they rank teams this early as long as it is super fluid from week to week.
marcus williams has been such an asset on the defense. i still can't believe the texans let him go.
conspiracy.. macc convinced the gm to let him go.. told idzik about him because he knew he would be replacing him the next year
todd better be working with them hard the next week. thank goodness the offense and dl stepped up in the 2nd half.
you not go 2pts when you just scored with 5 min to go up by 12. 12/13 is the same. eithwr way u lose with 2 buffalo tds &amp; he&gt;
i think may be able to say more, but i believe they're on rds aurora now.
yup! we ended up changing up our data accss pattern and switched to aurora. more flexible querying &amp; familiar mysql
morning cuddles.
hope you have a wonderful and relaxing day
it really works for me. almost always.
it's funny, it never has for me before now. this whole living sober thing really changes things.
saudis don't accept refugees even though they're muslims why the hell should we let them invade our christian home?
's refugee crisis is all tied to
yeah that ain't great. 0-2 will do that though
nonetheless battle of the palouse should be fun. petrino has a good team in moscow this year
park explosion is an example of why we need a law and order president like . people we need immediate change.
i wish donald would come here to nj-we need him here!
two things that are rarely seen together.
that's 9am right? ;)
missed my awesome colleague and friend reagan humber so much!! love that man.
he is awesome! i knew him when.... :) campfire, guitar and na flutes!
voting for hillary rodham clinton
she looks very scary and dangerous.
actually our follower is married. go to and look for his name
meant the respect
awesome seeing you . and congrats again on the new album. excited to check it out!
thanks so much guys! loved seeing you - catch you soon!!
happy birthday
thankyou be
i hope it was the best birthday you two could ever experience! hope to work with you soon so you can tell me all about it
thank you!!! it definitely was
the whole fsu defense looking like what's going on???
. bourbon. i moved from beer to bourbon. that's what's going on, my man. ugh.
the gif did not fit with what you said. smh. it took me a while to get you to tweet the right gifs, and you lost it all. sigh sigh
you're a hard woman to please.
xd did you really say that to the tsa?
yup! i always tell these guys the truth cus they're silly in the us about safety xd
the weather this week may not feel like it, but it's fall and that means apple picking!
oooooooor you live somewhere with a farmers market 2 blocks away and get the same thing without all the dirt and work :d
dealing with razer support by email is grueling, but i guess i should demand a replacement and see where it gets me
i'm a stingy customer, to be fair. no reason you deserve a $50 penalty for expecting razer products to work with each other
google says fish can drown if there isn't enough oxygen in the water
bro i hope all the fish in your ocean drown
todd better be working with them hard the next week. thank goodness the offense and dl stepped up in the 2nd half.
got lucky! &amp; if im home sitting on the couch screaming &amp; he dsnt see it, thats a problem!
at a kids' soccer game a kid just scored a goal and some man yelled out, "ayyyyye, nelson rockefeller!!" what does that even mean?
hhaha don't know but that will be our new exclamation#
why not just have a model of the phone where it's a little thicker, the camera is flush with the back, and it has a bigger battery
cuz apple is like the thinner the better ho shit let's make a paper thin one so people can rip em hahah shit i dropped my yogurt
he was! and jill stein is even worse than he was. besides anti-hillary idg her ~own appeal. idt she has much tbh
she doesn't have much of a cohesive message other than her name rhymes with hill
that's all i'm saying one or two bad days ain't nothing. how many time did he kill? years! but i can't say nothing.
you got robbed of a spot in 3 point contest
the lie could be a relief line for the 7 and qb line.
caro spends few pp on "day&amp;zimmerman" lie subway study that metro rapid transit commission asked for
i lost 25 subscribers in an hour because of this video!
oh well. they couldn't handle all of that tall black coffee... sucks for them. i'm always down for a second video though... ijs
these people are nuts.
brainwashed and conditioned to believe their fearless leader whatever he says. sound familiar?
engineers who can detect &amp; remove a loop in a linked list on the phone in a text editor make mistakes just like me!
programming truly is humbling.
. you know what i mean. it doesn't move (it's not just this app, it's everywhere)
wow, this fixed it the setting only says "compass calibration". i can't believe it flat out doesn't work without it
i'll never go to the dentist again after today
what are you there for? a cleaning?
does that mean they're on fire or garbage?
straight garbage.
finally switched from at&amp;t
cant wait for my 7 to come in
would love to see y'all at the edinburgh fringe festival next year! with loads of love. x
we'd love that too!
i've been mostly off line the last couple days visiting family. why did trump re-shine the spotlight on his birtherism?
robert costa asked him about it in an interview wednesday.
i heard "blank space" on the radio today...a song that now reminds me of
boys only want love if it's torture...don't say i didn't warn ya
yeah i've noticed my own shadowban seems to kick in every time i mention hrc or the blatantly rigged election.
, i have a real problem with this kind of thing. why stretch truth when truth will do nicely?
fitz is a credible nfl qb who is a far better athlete than most know.
agreed on both accounts but i think in this offense at least hes more than credible. he put on a clinic the other night.
did clovis doa body scan of padme just so padme would kno tht shes padme whle they went ovr the plan
hah i have no idea what you're talking about.
good morning!
good morning rebecca xoac
anyway, let's see how rutgers is doing.
our first down song/chant fucking rocks don't @ me
oh man! be good to yourself.
. my tears are watering down my beverage. it's not a good time. long day, my friend. long day.
fitz is a credible nfl qb who is a far better athlete than most know.
that was rich gannon like. precision passing. awesome
and out it together.
it's pretty solid
5 years, we were so young!
...oh yeah and ahnuld had to release ev'body from work early to "escape"
love u hot stuff x
love u more sweetpea
yes. being blocked by him and his family, after they followed you, and you asked some critical questions.
i only tweeted 'facepalm'. got blocked. someone should explain him what publishing means.
my airport extreme (previous gen) makes that same sort of noise. exchanged when purchased, same thing.
wonder how widespread the issue is.
do you know it's within the range? if it is you can just book and you will receive the confirmation. *ela
the airport is sfo. pick up location would be 35 miles from the airport.
if anyone know how it feels it's me. but i can't saying nothing everyone else can. come now.
you're better than everyone
make no mistake is a who propagated until it wasn't politically expedient anymore.
make no mistake hillary's senior campaign advisor sid blumenthal started birtherism.
caro spends few pp on "day&amp;zimmerman" lie subway study that metro rapid transit commission asked for
i don't have my copy of tpb w me, but see "rail line along lie median nixed"
i ended up backstage when you left btw lmao
ughh, i saw, i thought if i kept drinking i was gonna have a horrible time at the wedding hungover lol
also im sorry about yesterday. got caught up with overwatch and destiny.
its cool over watch is a very valid excuse
i just got sevens bad ending and i'm actually crying
i did everything right i have no idea what happened
. on the people supporting donald trump:
no i know he loves this country hillary just steals from it
who needs interceptions
another 3 and out. d showing out. let's get another nice punt return
stop you fucking cunt
do you even have ny idea where that came from
fury road is all 2k. it was shot on the alexa, and all vfx are 2k, not 4k.
makes sense! good thing they minimized them, in most scenes color timing goes a v long way
agreed !! she is super special!!
thanks for all you've done on &amp; off of the court. enjoy ur next journey. congrats!
it was about the most pure form of love and tenderness i have ever seen, before or since
our son (then nearly 3) brought a stuffed animal to the hospital to meet his new sister.
according to some if it aint aaa then you really cant count it as a holiday exclusive lol
yeah aaa are what matters most, been consistent on that. i had dudes comparing flower to titanfall lol unreal
yep. bowles had some 'splaining to do.
but ill say this; u see why the coverage and return abikity is so much better on st's? its not so much that bobby april was a&gt;
travis browne sucks.
biran stann's tweet was the final nail in the coffin.
u going tonight again
who's playing
love it. wish it had more ability to be a jerk, but the ability to build towns is absorbing.
give total war series a gander. looks like your machine will handle the battle of trafalgar beautifully
if it wasn't for jim jones doing a remix that day and night track by cudi wouldn't be as fire
you bugging out.... that whole mixtape was flames. and jim jones jumped on the track after it was old
hah i have no idea what you're talking about.
are you talking about when she gets scanned before going into the vault in an old friend?
there are exceptions. not many. it just seems silly for everyone involved to play these many fbs vs fcs games.
u may want to ask ads at these fcs program.critical to their fiscal year budgets.also,huge fun stage for a lot of those guys
honestly no one thinks less of men than mra.
the belief that men are assholes and they (all of them?) are one of the only good ones left.
. and level of literacy?
. "it does illustrate one main theme and tone." that trump supporters are "well educated," yet barely literate?
keep going, sure you will be able to relax with a glass of tonight!
that's for sure! going to and there will be plenty to enjoy!
eh, kinda. i see that as a laughing-so-hard-you're-crying emoji
yeah, that's fair
it was about the most pure form of love and tenderness i have ever seen, before or since
both of them (now 10 and 7) are super exited about having another sibling.
just left my apartment to get coffee, came back to my apartment to add milk into my coffee, added expired milk into my coffee. i'm suffering
my coffee is ruined, and - likewise - i am ruined
new apple maps is lovely! buttons look so squishy and pressable.
feel the same.
hello my friend how are u whats new.
working a lot but still time for some fun!
honestly no one thinks less of men than mra.
blame women for being victims of sexual assault because "men will be men" and "what did you expect dressed like that?"
both warcraft and keanu are good. hi, i'm scotty!
i told you never to come here.
anything you really really really love in 611 though is probably because of the direction though...
and that's you
this is what people were up in arms over? it adds no weight. easy to leave attached. easy to take off.
god didn't make america so we'd have to use dongles
trevor: we need to shower and get ready rn. also trevor: falls asleep right after speaking.
wow this is brad too, like okay great now i'm forced to lay back down because you look so snugly
really not interested in what bernie thinks or says. ot his followers
really?cuz u just said this "thank god they're listening to bernie on who to vote for. they have our appreciation."lol
pepe the frog didn't deserve this.
he is a symbol of white supremacy!!!!
i mean, seriously, bro ... do they even computer?
i'm pretty sure he thinks linux is communism.
yep. bowles had some 'splaining to do.
terrible coach, its because in 2 moff seasons, macagnan has done so much to stock the roster w/good young developmental talent
people who take games so seriously that they send abusive messages are the funniest.
fucking hell, i got that when we played destiny
i just want to be like you when i grow up.
literally could say the same to you
he hates cespedes. all year all he says is he's overpaid and overrated
did he see our lineup without yoenis??
the movie theater was screening 1971 willy wonka and i brought my 2 year old whoops forgot about the tunnel scene
there's no earthly way of knowing which direction we're going
hm... that's weird. hop on and a rep would love to help you :)
just did. customer service wasn't very helpful, or friendly. think i'll stick with from now on.
pls do i want to be a meme
you have no choice now
tan linda thank you babe love you beautiful
you still haven't wore the blue dress and summer is over :(
strong ending with "for more sexting acronyms, visit the internet."
that ad was placed there by big internet. follow the money.
[flops over] [making my way down town, flopping fast, faces pass]
it won't be for a very long time :p
yep. bowles had some 'splaining to do.
that shows immediately on specials. the jets are an ( i hate hearing this because its not accurate ) "old" team to pplbut they
gat, joint, piece, tool, hammer, ooh wop, or just say gun! or chopper for the big boys...what are the new terms?
" that thang ! " like..." you know i got that thang on me b...step back "
thanks but we are not going anywhere, show just going to be on another station/platform
between u and lund , bout to have me switch to knbr
excited for this too
just tried it in the store. it's amazing.
happy 25th birthday to me!
happy birthday beautiful!
picking 10 more lucky people
dang i really do but i don't have a paypal i need money for a parking pass
germans are marching against ttip because they distrust globalisation
mega corporations love deregulation &gt; more toxic chemicals, pills, gmos, and toxic foods to sell to a world unprotected
black phone? midnight. i like the stone but worry about discolouration.
not to be that guy but i've had the stone gray one for a year and no discoloration (actually astonishing)
gimme a break with this faux outrage. you're too good for this.
im not outraged i'm just surprised by his stupidity
convinced that snapchat is obsessed with the kardashians
all of these unnecessary articles
confession time? here's what i got a curious creator i~open~sourced a-plot one's private dic~tator now a.i. calls the shot(s)
disappears from view, crowd grows frantic radar stations searching all over the atlantic fear a fight, witness a satellite!
pull up or i got the driver
yo if u delivering it's a go !
. a sign we should more? c/
"legalizing inexpensive housing" series by c/
ugh ur so so... so jackson. come by. we have coffee and unspoiled milk for u
i cant leave my apartment bc im sad but ty for the offer i love u
oceanic repellent bat sprays
notice there's no surfer repellant. holy omissions, batman!
yep. bowles had some 'splaining to do.
absolutely are not-random thought wtf is going on with fsu???- they are not because macagnan has ben shifting on the fly &amp; he&gt;
it's funny, it never has for me before now. this whole living sober thing really changes things.
welcome to day 14 for me, taking a break to re-evaluate things.
then it's fine. for sfo it's up to 60 miles. *ela
excellent. thanks for your help!
now who would let me do a talk like that at their conference?
bodilconf 2017. it is a thing. or should be.
ladies check out my header
who said that anyway
thank you..... why does no one have taste
like why would any1 want a crown their fukin finger... how corny,,, do i look like a 5 yr old ...princess my ass
whoa! where is this?
watkins glen state park, finger lakes region of ny!
ketchup is gross.
mansplaining no ketchup is great
excess after cost of making the book are donated to - brains behind it are and
got it! good! i'll need to write something about all of this soon.
dear bay area furries, but especially , , and : thank you for helping make my visit so wonderful!
you're welcome. great seeing you! take care buddy!
is it terrible that we're underwhelmed? maybe it needs to grow on us.
or maybe her time has come and gone?
she's coming
she sings that one jpop song i like
our booth at is across from the ninja sword guy! &amp; are you all set for ninja swords?
i need the biggest sword they got!!!
gov. mike pence in 'excellent' health, doctor says
although he could be unstable if he's running on the same ticket with a sociopath.
some fucker fucked me on the free way and i was slidin at 90, and it was scary as shit
good thing you made it bro
this is not standing rock, this is woodstock.
lol it will be soon enough if this pipeline madness does not stop.
morning hike in provo canyon
sweet shot!
yep. bowles had some 'splaining to do.
removes older guys like calvin pace for mauldin, added jordan jenkins opposite him. out w/ddavis in w/dlee. look at the oline&gt;
i want tiffany jewelry!!!!!
anything as long it doesnt have a heart or crown on it
it's all fun and games until number three...
that blind faith song still sounds amazingly good, all these years later.
sitting in the shower balling lol
why? in the shower crying?
clinton foundation spent barely 6 percent on charitable grants in 2014:
how do i find out what % of trump's income went to charity? answer: his tax returns.
rt drjillstein: get me onto thedailyshow w/ trevornoah to set the record straight. almost 20k signatures: ...
3% jill a shill for
twitter handles for the win!
carl has to use hashtag his name
received. damn. a screaming echo of american power.
omg. a classic.
hey , if you keep suggesting your supporters kill , someone will listen. the blood will be on your hands.
is using isis tactics and it has a name. words matter
. a sign we should more? c/
"legalizing inexpensive housing" series by
it's only me &amp; my husband living in this apartment so can someone tell me why there is a pickle in the toaster?
that pickle is possessed. get out of the apartment.
by the way, resolution isn't everything. i personally would choose a lower res alexa over a higher res red camera anytime.
so this and many others are simply upscale sf to 4k?! this combined w internet-only format makes my 4k tv sad :/
who needs interceptions
well, at least burned 2 1/2 minutes of clock and pinned them on own 10
welcome to the bay!
thanks fam!
say aloha to your next chapter! we're hiring at including rockstar sous chef...
i know that guy!!
i've actually escaped a couple of speeding tickets. how? didn't dispute them, and was polite to the cops, who let me off with a warning.
and was white
....shoe, meet this losers foot...
read the facts and not the nation but again u poor bastards day is in the horizon pepe
what difference does it make? it's cracked. they would have been like that's your problem not mine
with the preorder you ship them the phone when it you get your 7 . it could have accidental damage in transit
yep. bowles had some 'splaining to do.
carpenter is a main stay and hes 27. hes a borderline probowler. clady 2yrs younger than brick huge upgrade tho. brinov lol&gt;
must must must read: sizing up the next commander-in-chief
. thanks for sharing. "we are where we are--not where we wish to be. we have to make a decision." so, so true.
compressed steam batpole lift
one reason batman's stuff is always bigger is so you don't need to think which is which before using. holy obvious, batman!
the are sept. 18, but matt &amp; claudia make a few predictions. (ep. 15, 17:07 mark)
great episode! love the new music recs and your predictions.
most definitely! i just find it hilarious ppl downplay aa games. high budget doesnt equate to a great game or experience
everyone likes what they like,recore is a fun awesome game that got 63.i like big aaa like halo, but love games like recore
lol, you overestimate me. only has the stamina for that sort of thing.
you'd just write everyones talk, and they'd be forced to deliver them. we could webcast it, reality show style.
americanism vs globalism
american nationalism or eu-like globalism
hocus pocus nightmare before christmas halloween
halloweentown
question is will 's daughter or hindu son-in-law will be alive or dead, before or after her 'kanyadaan'.
this is disgusting. who engages with such bullshit.
it was in the dungeon
no integrity.
oh just when i think you've run out of ways to mess up my name.....
they must have thought you looked like a r&amp;b singer!
i love the stone i've had it for a while too!
honestly hated myself for paying more for the apple brand case but the quality is really good!!
trump is the most hated person to run for president ever. ever. idea that he's a popular creation of an entirely subservient media is nuts.
dt's not "the creation" of the media; but they've provided platform for his lies. it's all about ratings &amp; ad dollars.
i was saying this to myself yesterday ... high hopes for this man
this shit so fire , have a lot of respect for this guy musically
i have installed both the dunkin donuts and starbucks sticker packs for ios...can use depending on mood!
i am so behind i use the twitter app and i don't even know what a sticker pack is
how low can you go?
sheis robbing her supporters
i have. *1000 yard stare*. 35 years old, sailor dress, white tights.
that's tantamount to abuse, unless the bride was grayson perry
yep. bowles had some 'splaining to do.
hes gone because both ijalana and qvale who mac found is better-period. much more athletic. mac is gonna save bowles bacon
i have installed both the dunkin donuts and starbucks sticker packs for ios...can use depending on mood!
is there a new software for my iphone and i just don't realize that?
disappears from view, crowd grows frantic radar stations searching all over the atlantic fear a fight, witness a satellite!
float like a butterfly, sting like a bee, the hands can't hit, what the eyes can't see. thunder is good, but lightning does the work.
i'm confused. where do i plug in my headphones?
the garbage
anyone recall a male writer/tv personality he called "wacky" or "neurotic?"
the west wing guy
most definitely! i just find it hilarious ppl downplay aa games. high budget doesnt equate to a great game or experience
maybe it's just cause i like the traversal part, loved sunset cause of that. love sports games too, depends on taste really
new people to beware are paid by either hillary or israel noles temple
well why not just stop trolling &amp; not worry about it? seems to be more jill supporters online than in rl=ie trumpbots
i don't understand why they all weren't.
yes would have made sense in a way, but remember if the clone is killed all memories are lost
warning: highly addictive puzzle game, free for iphone!
this just appeared on my feed
by the way, resolution isn't everything. i personally would choose a lower res alexa over a higher res red camera anytime.
so this and many others are simply upscaled to 4k?! this combined w internet-only format makes my 4k tv sad :/
i'd probably just take them all down for the length of my stay
that makes good sense. they won't mind, right?
gotcha. although on rainy day, those kind are v. slippery, too.
these had rough surfaces, so probably not slippery. pretty sure the flatter ones are set in sand for better drainage.
"what we've seen is the economy getting better for ordinary folks" - in this week's edition of :
politician have to lie to get votes
hahaha hbd to my girl !!love u lots,thanks 4 accompanying me in many nail appointments &amp; hw sessions!
awee hannah k love you and your family so so much!! thank you
brady to brady at the big house (via tom brady's facebook)
i think you new englanders are starting to sway my pats hate
trends; momentum; enthusiasm
beware: "the silent majority"
shit you need to go it's amazing
it's on n 7th by the water
neocons and gope hacks starring in hillary's anti-trump ads affirms that was the right man.
is the right man, my friend... last train 2 save from politicians
ahahah, i'd be so up for that. except for the bit where i'd have to actually write more than one talk per year.
that reminds me. i have to write a pure java talk for next month ...
corn bread and collared greens are suitable post-squat meals, right?
fantasia's song 'collard greens &amp; cornbread' goes off
was going to tweet "already willing to buy a new macbook with a lightning port for headphones." ugh. good job, apple, you win.
i'm just waiting for the day when cheap knockoffs headphones start rooting people's devices.
way better on d than who?????!!!! not andre iguodola thats for damn sure
youre buggin
yep. bowles had some 'splaining to do.
macs gonna give bowles a winning roster. he found gim a qb for now and the next 3 yrs. and i happen to think petty will be the
ios 10 allows you to turn messages into a lot more fun!
ok i'm going to download the update
who told you that lie!
it's not lies it facts.
amacon 3 drabble challenge day 30 huling hirit. i tried.
woah...that ending...didn't expect that from you
over $550 million of your hard-earned tax dollars went to planned parenthood this fiscal year
killing the unborn who only wanted a life is beyond deplorable.
wait the dickbutt ppl are at ycon im screaming
lol yup! i was super surprised too!
.: "the border is wide open and we don't know who's coming across."
lumpy,lumpy,lumpy..get a bushmaster and do your own patrolling.that will solve the problem.
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
how do you call hillary clinton crooked when you lie lie lie lie lie constantly is that a family tradition
i've said this before and i'll say it again: i really loved his book "wikinomics". great read, still advise it to anyone.
had no idea it was the same author, sad he can't resist just a tweet. having that kind of title he must've see it coming.
i couldn't retweet this enough
rt like some girls are just so miserable they would do anything to ruin ur happiness dont let them win tho xo
where is her
where is iggy now? not releasing her album. go cry bye
can't go the distance scandals are rotting her soul
you still have 50+ days to go, better come up w/ a fresh batch of innuendos for memes, these are weak.
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
tell me what is america great again can you answer that question for me
wow when you give a window of 11-3 these delivery drivers don't play around. new washer/dryer unloading at 11
well i would try out the speed queen but the pumpkin patch is seriously calling our names
....shoe, meet this losers foot...
i'll pray for urmisguided brain like ur companion that walked into a blk church and murdered
why thank you. i hope you do too.
your very welcome beautiful
rip canadian author w. p. kinsella, author of shoeless joe, better known from its film adaptation
makes me cry every time!! !!
now this really is &amp; - only way is vote
keep passing it on-that is theonly way for everybody to see what a lowlife is! her supporters cant deny proof
just got a new lady driver
it's lit. i'm definitely ordering tomorrow. what time you open ?
today ... for more info: click link on joel's twitter page
thank you !!
float like a butterfly, sting like a bee, the hands can't hit, what the eyes can't see. thunder is good, but lightning does the work.
*(s)even people who claim everything is predestined, &amp; that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.*
so trump is an ordoliberal? lmaorfl. view on ordoliberalism.
two key tenets of ordoliberalism: rules &gt; discretion; &amp; law, market rules, and social norms all interweave.
yep. bowles had some 'splaining to do.
guy 2 take over&amp; when he does he will keep the job for 8-10trs. look at what mac did w/the wrs&gt;enunwa, anderson, marshall,peak
the point is (from the start) here come national analysts telling us what a great leader anthony lynn is. how so?
tim has a point? big if true or buhleedat?
you know you're in the midwest when
tbh i like those
clana cause at least i could tolerate them.
what's your take on this
this is the last four tweets from the gop nominee for president. so presidential!!
by coincidence, pitching my pilot "the wacky columnist."
may be you were no lady.
turn it on the woman? it should happen to you!
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
child molestation how do you get away with that the media don't speak of it do you pay them
i use to constantly get locked out of dms bc i would use of the daily limit. now i'm not nearly as popular
there is a limit?!
isn't it cold over there
so we all have each other to keep warm
no such thing
true it was worth it
i'm just seeing this now...
it's my type a personality
great time last night. thanks !
making it rain, with confetti.
trump in chaos as his own campaign just proved clinton didn't start birther conspiracy via
1 , trump's campaign could just admit they had no evidence of hillary's involvement..
because it's out of copyright and therefore public domain?
would have been effortless to add a credit line at the end, instead of suggesting brolin wrote it.
love how i can pan and preview maps in ios 10 while navigating
making side trips (e.g ) during an active route is nice too
the industry is dreaming of scaling the define your thoughts
this or that?
would love to get used by this fit lad. i bet he stinks
hmm, he blocked me for some reason. the undieslover dude. i don't recall having insulted him or offended him! oh well. :'(
like geo will, i didn't leave the gop; the gop left me.
"2%." someone once told me that was only diff btwn gop &amp; dems. what % of gdp they set budget. now? miles apart.
yep. bowles had some 'splaining to do.
they are guys that not only are talented, but in a yr or 2 cld be our top 4 guys and be extremely dynamic
two key tenets of ordoliberalism: rules &gt; discretion; &amp; law, market rules, and social norms all interweave.
trump is pure discretion and has no respect for norms and procedures. he's just a big govt nationalist
poor leadership has stifled the american people's potential. wants an america that's strong &amp; free.
by electing a man with mexican &amp; chinese slave labor factories and not paying 1000s of us contractors?
apple picking today
only one apple in that pic lol
update: we're in the kaiser er on geary. they took the blood pressure and everything right away. waiting for the doctor now
she just gave him a shot of anesthetic and the verdict is the same as i assumed: just a few stitches
wait how long has the avatar been from stranger things??
for a hot minute
.1) $10mm to the charity of your choice if you let me interview you for 4 hrs on your policies and their substance.
or, you could just, you know, donate the money anyway and stop blaming someone for the lack of charity
did you even read the link you sent...its said it was true!
yes, i read it. did you? if you had you would know that what you're saying is a lie.
what do you think the odds are of that? :)
you are meant for much bigger and better things!!!
damn near everything even to how we make our rice lmfao i'm ghanaian
that's big time, i always wanted to go back to the motherland and find out my true roots
"it's incredibly humbling to be in the company of these real &amp; true heroes" -
i doubt your "humility." can you name each veteran and do you know which wars they fought?
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
people of all races don't want you donald your background is raggedy
it was a terrific screening!!! thanks so much !
great! catching up on the fb pics now!
i somehow ended up at a football game....... and oh my god....... guys...... cheerleaders are real
my entire life i thought cheerleaders were a hollywood myth i can't believe this quinn fabray is real and out there
because it's out of copyright and therefore public domain?
you're explaining why volvo can't be sued. i'm explaining how they could have done the right thing.
main event time at acb. featherweight champ zabit magomedsharipov vs. jungle fight fw champ valdines silva
first time tuning in thanks to your gifs, great production and fun fights!
are you trying to stream on our website or in the app?
both. said my provider doesn't get it
yesterday i drank a coffee that had butter in it the shore is wild
it's surprisingly good though
who needs interceptions
3 drives 3 three and outs
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
you're not a hope and a dream for the united states you will destroy your people that makes america great
when i'm not eating at downstein.
congrats! you're entered to win! increase your odds to win cool stuff before sept. 18 at midnight:
go cry at this
you really think that is a drag? sad
yeah, i have the latest refresh model.
same. i have the one with the m5 proc. it's my primary personal computer (lots of dev), and i love it. so great.
here's 's latest electoral map. for democrats who worship him, his outlook must be chilling.
why? trump could win all romney states &amp; oh,fl,ia, steal nv &amp; lose. some sates are light blue?some,nc, are light pink
you can dislike dowd, cnn or gates and still acknowledge this is insane behavior for a person running for president.
you read my mind!
yesterday was pretty cool.
okay how could u be so selfish and cruel u posted the laughing pic i look ugly af
the view of the washington monument from the bell tower of ! enjoy!!
prophetic hank kunneman who is always right, says god picks trump to win!!!
....shoe, meet this losers foot...
no longer time for u want to talk with real people with a brain
"i would build a great wall, and nobody builds walls better than me"
. hillary bragged about building "barrier" to keep out "illegal immigrants". her words
we can't wait to see the other pictures!
there's a lot more ;) coming soon xx
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
i love my country the great united states of america hillary will be our president
many fall for his "free cakes and ponies for everybody" promises, few ask how it will work and how it gets paid for.
same way he gets all his $$- from chinese&amp;mexican sweatshops, deals w/despots, skimming charitable donations.
two fabulous people!
emily is on twitter? ps she also is my downstairs neighbor :)
don't let this slide!! only 5.7% of money actually went to charity. only 5.7% 5.7%, people. corrupt and shameful!
i'm amazed they used so much. i thought it would be 2%
trump in chaos as his own campaign just proved clinton didn't start birther conspiracy via
2..but that the birther movement was started by dems.
i know i'm heartbroken too
yo hook my boy up with a free ticket. don't got to be one of them fancy ones but just close enough to feel the beat
don't know if i'm still drunk or if i'm in a good ass mood
the great vibes in the air brogod
trump inciting anti immigrants sentiments: trump speaks at anti-illegal immigration group's conference in texas
why are whites that are racist been cowards. you know who you are stand up and be counted otherwise mofos shut up!
they're blindfolds. get it? probably not. your irony meter is probably as broken as hrc's
this whole "trump troll acting like stein fans to change hillbot's vote" thing is weak.
she took two doctors to 911 ceremony ...???
yes! if no problems, why a neurologist on trail w ?
nice! i have an aunt + cousins nearby in rochester, we used to visit every summer as a kid but i never made it down there
it would be the perfect day trip from rochester!
aren't u guys going to the game i want to see u guys in action
yes but not together. he's going to the ucla w me ha
it reminds me of the blue case i had on my black blackberry bold lolol &lt;3333
i had a pink sparkle case on my blackberry pearl and felt like a fucking bad ass bitch
trump blasts "neurotic" new york times columnist
is it "unclear" because you did not take the effort to contact the trump campaign and ask? isn't that, um, your job?
lmfao!!!! that's because you a fuckin real one!!!!!!! i got two red rags in my room let's go bang on some scraputos foo
lmfaooooo fucking hate youuuuuu. we gonna be like "meet me at the logs where you became a slut w/ my vato"
so close mookie!! good effort!!
deja vu inning for price? gonna give up another 3?????
floyd mayweather is winning at life
if he bought all this off his pacqiuo payday, he still has about 150mil to blow
chris crane at nc state victory was after champs
i know. teasing.
omg ... trump truly is insane.
here's what the cabinet of tv host might look like.
bik just looks so awesome and terrifying. probably the best way next year could top on sliske's countdown for me.
i'd prefer saradomin over zaros for who gets to fight bik. hopefully i can make some choices to set that up.
i've kind of lost track, but i believe there's still two or three xy episodes left after the three we just got. wonder what they're about
prolly one where ash finally says farewell to the gang entirely and arriving to kanto and the other episode is about alola
clemson is beating s carolina state 52-0 &amp; it's the end of 3rd quarter... cases like this make me wish there was a mercy rule sometimes lol
there is a mercy rule - they shortened the 2nd half to 12 min quarters
i believe is having a bbq on sunday 9/18
hey! are you going to this bbq?
acb is one of my fav promotions
i can see why, just subscribed to them, what's the verdict on the main event?
yes, because growing up in indonesia and hawaii so meets the founding fathers intentions when they said "born of the land"
who let godsapox out of the basket? was it trump? nice tweets. nice panties godsapox. you can put them back on now.
nah we've several routes to 270 &amp; marvel that clinton &amp; pacs pulled out of co bc media said look @ polls; race over
please list just 1 of the "many" paths that trump has to reach 270
some people's quarter life crises is quitting their job and traveling the world.
me and my coworker's quarter life crises is trying to get others to buy bikes and skateboards so we can all go to the skatepark together.
today is the day, to play, 31....vod, right now, your wait is over...here it is....
time to get the clowns together and play.
tsa agent repeatedly yells at the cattle of tourists and residents: "empty your pockets! no liquids! thongs are shoes. take them off!"
could just be a bot
i tend to agree, but remember the "omg blair witch" explosion that accompanied the sdcc reveal? people were pumped.
excited for it bc it's from director of you're next, not bc its blair witch sequel. seeing it tomorrow.
feds. didnt kno was in bmore rt just gave a black man in the deli the head nod &amp; he didnt return it i'm finna react
lkajsgljkasdg foh i always return the nod detective
hi there! is there another conference in the works this or next year?
yep! this year. stay tuned for an announcement soon.
it still ain't there? lol
no asshole i'm downstairs looking dumb as fuck
i feel like this is the first iphone cycle where we have to roast people who get the new iphone. iphone 7 guy is a mark. simple as that.
stfu ur the original mark ass bitch
this louisville game is a wake up call to the rest of the country. they are for real. lamar jackson is the truth
agreed but they better not let off the gas against fsu.
just in case...
can you set it to "tessidore"? should give you a good 37 hours of programming
deja vu inning for price? gonna give up another 3?????
wrote that before the hit. price has nothing today.
omg awesome. i miss mine ngl the ball stuck 3x i went through 3 phones in a year before just getting the iphone 4
ngl i miss my blackberry, bbm was *whispers* ... exclusive
if gop leaders won't stand against racism, then the time has come for new conservative leaders who will.
please tell us how many black people you have on your staff and why your veep is not black.
i'm probably better than you
word, driving around hillbillies and cows in north carolina made you real good
that's really interesting
fuck. you. it really is a problem.. i'll pay you to do it for me
what's going on? if you don't mind my asking
it's just become more about attacking each other than it has stanning kate/ghostbusters
does anyone doubt that the economy will tank and the stock market will crash if trump is elected president?
of course it will, but that's the least of my worries. is an existential threat to america - he must be stopped.
it's kinda obvious on your wrist... because i never saw your watch with extension bracelet
btw, i will email you but i think i might want to come visit you in singapore in december and then go to thailand. will email.
i agree, kind of a bum move. they do have whitman's name on a book cover at the beginning though it's quick
so quick i didn't even see it, apparently. plus, ad suggests brolin wrote it.
everything changes.
i sympathize. so how do you view yourself these days?
i can't stop looking up how much the flats i walk by cost and all it's done is depress me profoundly.
- where my kid, also a student at your uni, lives. decent rent, active political community.
how tristan thompson leave her for khloe
she looks like a psycho from here
my thesis advisor still making things happen!
sweet message and hope you are thriving!
retweets thanks!
do you sponsor events
so turns out, once you're in germany, deustche bahn's on-board wifi is very impressive. (impressive = actually works, you can get dhcp, etc)
i was never able to get a connection.
do mac refs get a bonus per flag thrown?
same conf that refereed the cmu questionable win at oklahoma st
i miss it so much :(
can we just all agree to get blackberries
we'd love to pass the kudos along, but in order to do that we'd need more info. did you get the crewmember's name?
there were more than one that helped but they came in on flt 207 at 2 pm (pwm-jfk).
does anyone else think google should simply buy adblock plus?
they just killed the partnership with them after they announced their ad network cc:
i'm locked but please reply
i'm not locked now so go nuts
need to open up playbook or something this is pathetic and every option team kills fsu under kelly
indefensible. yet you still have some people trying to do so. unreal.
:/ it was a great summer
best of my life honestly, never felt more free, confident and happy
killing your competitors clone would be bad business &amp; they could have all agreed on consequences for that.
but since you would have no memory of the event you wouldn't know who killed you
i use my great grandmother's comb bc it's the only thing that really holds up my hair
that's also a beautiful object and a charming family heirloom
be honest. try it. where does it lead? is this what you choose?
y not breathe space trust honor and respect? + gratitude + love...not sure why would same energy be helpful?
bruh indefinitely had you by ten before a couple times
can't recall
~*~*biracial*~*~ aka master was playing house with the house slaves
yes, articles like this never want to say rape but when one person has no autonomy that's what it is.
-i guess clinton foundation coned you more than once.my absentee vote mailed presidenttrump
i live in nyc know him for years he is a con artist and a cheat. god help us all.
all that glitters
oh yes, girlfriend material for sure, have a great night !
where you get those at? they are cleean
i got em online. these came out a while ago tho. they had hella more characters
if you're not here at , my talk about 1.0 is also at i announced that i'm stepping down.
aaah congrats! you built something wonderful, glad you can now focus on something else!
-this article presumes ambulance paramedics have never heard of scott weingart.
they don't! few are on twitter, they're are protocol driven and pts are dying. the training is inadequate
yeah!! it's right next to chick-fil-a too omg
honestly.....i'm bout to go home today lmao
i found this on and now i need to go drink myself blind
i am up. set.
goood morning.
have a great weekend, chad.
trump is not going to get beyond the race issue. it is central to his ethno-nationalist appeal.
trump is winning in the polls. are you saying a majority of americans are racists despite potus being black? please be clear.
and out of nowhere trevor noah has a great interview with lidsey graham.
that march interview was so amazing. new found respect for lindsey graham. might not agree with him but he is totally rational.
im not trying to drag you just giving you some advice and stating facts
taking a picture of me (something not everybody is confident enough to do; you to be exact) and-
i didn't think it was possible someone could out klutz me, but here we are.
i would argue that it's at least partly a design flaw of the beoplay h7 headphones. that battery door opens easily!
and trickett.
i'll give him somewhat a pass with all the injuries and a converted de. but one more year of this, and he's gonna get it too.
he wanted the press not to cover trump. that is equivalent to silencing the opposition. fascist.
he didn't want press to be used in free hotel commercial, like they were yesterday. that was no press conf.
manchester city just out here napalming the premiership
watch out everton tho
would 1000% rather marry an axe murderer than an axe wearer
she's coming for us.
just leaving miami for houston, oklahoma and colorado. miami crowd was fantastic!
i believe that you know and feel that god has chosen you to make america great again and i think you feel that :-)
happy birthday feat
aw throwback!!! happy bdayyy
getting breakfast at 2 pm just like back when i was in my masters program :d
ihop is legit, dude, and i go there about once a week on average. for dinner.
im in le depressione zone are there things about me that you like/are good (aside from the shitposting lol
we haven't been mutuals for long but you're funny!! you make me laugh and smile! you're enjoyable to be around
im not trying to drag you just giving you some advice and stating facts
tweeting it back to me really affects me?
everton are buzzing this season
unreal, it's like a completely different team!
ideally they should be riding around in an older woman's pocketbook for at least several months before eating
a well traveled candy tells a story
what's up with everyone killing my vibe today
don't let that stop you from having a good day
thanks for all the selfies
my "i'm fcked up" face back at it
small world! she's in my writing group :-)
if you meet at her place &amp; hear rambunctious bouncing child overhead it's mine!
it's so much easier to trash other people's code on twitter than spend a couple minutes to understand their use case
easy to replace modules with proxyquire vs patching and restoring globals. i use global/{window,process} sometimes for that.
oh wow okay this is sad
yeah we just need to focus on what we're here for rather than attacking each other for ridiculous reasons.
really glad i'm 10 updates behind because that sounds so shady.
the feds is watching!
i'm going tonight! can't wait!! traveling 2.5 hours to finally see this show
drive safe it's gonna be a fun night!
saw him twice like two years ago and this shit blew me away both times
dude that shit was insane. that fucking visuals were amazing.
"video : gingrich: "hillary clinton lives in a world a where secrecy and dishonesty are hallmarks""
simple choice; nationalism or globalism
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
you're a goopy goop and your teeth are yellow!
i am thankful to be in a buffalo wild wings where i can watch all the games and also that i do not possess 23+ grams of fentanyl
y'all!! you guys have one more time... i mean it! one!!! point five million
i wrote about fake users, you might find it interesting:
interesting! enjoy our &amp; 7 befriend us on !
still can't decide between seattle or disneyland
seattle, unless you're going to disneyland for halloween or christmas.
where's the recipe resha?!!
that looks soooooo good.
i remember the year they took away strategy settings on the d pad i was livid and they just kept taking away..
next year: "all new strategy settings"
so since i didn't get to play mainstage last night because of i made a little mix for everyone who was there to support us
get lost in the sauce
i think i might have to pull up wit &amp; !! ..... show the hye love !!!!
you should def do that
lamar jackson isn't going to do shit in the nfl
yup we've all seen that play out before.
read 's case for treating racism as a deal-killer. this romney/ryan divide will determine the gops future.
you do know that romney/ryan lost the last election by five million votes, right?
are they actual dead crabs or are they molts? could you tell?
easily could have been molts! do they all molt at once? thanks!
in the safe spaces on campus, no jews allowed
some of my thoughts on this. i always love feedback from leftists on this, for better or worse
drawing support from bigoted haters
drawing support from bigoted haters
uhhh i woke up and no one is here
they went to go get a rental car ok cool
aight, people already think i'm a thot so why not
just imagining me running a strip club is cracking me up
read 's case for treating racism as a deal-killer. this romney/ryan divide will determine the gops future.
do you believe in democracy only if results are consistent with your personal beliefs, and otherwise want dictatorship?
nah "overtime" alone is the ultimate dirty mack record
that whole album is dirty macking 101
*(s)even people who claim everything is predestined, &amp; that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.*
confession time? here's what i got a curious creator i~open~sourced a-plot one's private dic~tator now i calls the shot(s)
fresh set of nails
fancy biatch
then i got attacked by sharks.
i had a dream that i was drowning inside a locked car once
i honestly do not understand.
i am very annoyed with that family and kanye included. like enough is enough.
cristiana is out of her mind
yeah okay stfu
i gave mason a shout out at his game and told him he was adopted lmaoo the announcer didn't wanna read it
"i can't read this out loud" lmao
beta three on the way, we'll see if that works. how many testflight builds a day can you do again?
as in, it's not broken anymore.
never forget that time rowan tried to kill me and put a screw in my latte
omg where did u get that
holy shit. spinning back kick by zabit to start the fight off
looks like he was going down before the contact
all request saturday time on ! request from where/whenever!
i will dare by the replacements
do you think the pres. debate will make a difference on the way america votes or have folks already made up their minds? tweet me! thanks!
i've already made up my mind but can't wait to watch debate.
trump's sons -- true chips off the old block. especially donald jr. is racism inherited or characterological or both?
taught in developmental yrs then fostered. children may believe &amp; then espouse parental racism to gain their love &amp; approval.
thanks again to both and for having me on to talk about 's foundation. more to come...
thank you 4 continuing fine tradition of investigative reporting.
yankees lose games against clay buchholz (5.20 era) and eduardo rodriguez (4.98 era), but naturally have scored 5 runs against david price
helping out tanaka with his cy young bid
*(s)even people who claim everything is predestined, &amp; that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.*
confession time? here's what i got a curious creator i~open~sourced a-plot one's private dic~tator now a.i. calls the shot(s)
wow, we are sorry for the inconvenience paul. please let us know if there is any way we could assist. *kc
- a trip to forget. very short journey will end up taking me 5 hours to get home. this is longer than driving, which is ridiculous
where's my water bottle
come to muwekma
-this article presumes ambulance paramedics have never heard of scott weingart.
they don't! few are on twitter, they're protocol driven and pts are dying. the training is inadequate
as a genius and master of mine own rem cycle, the phrase "thoughts that keep me up at night" is personally offensive. think at noon fuckers
oh wait i just remembered i was up at 4:30 drawing portraits. i take it back
it'd be interesting to explore how we can do value-based care in canada, esp in mental health. we have as many failures of care.
yes absolutely! took 1 yr+ to access assessment that was free, 6 months from ref to see psychiatrist for meds post adhd dx
one of my friends need to get married already!
yea .. my friend al green
austin romine's got that ! his rbi double scores and chase headley to extend the ' lead to 5-2!
little to late for the yanks. next year though
this qb might be the real deal!
u see gow ges ballin out
it appears trump has full access to his android today
trump giving another rally full of lies. not on cnn or msnbc. is on msnbc. hmmmm
this isn't wrestling though. cheating is cheating
i'd you don't go too far, you will never go far enough. - seagal (i think)
statement from daily dot ceo nicholas white on today's layoffs:
update: the daily dot laid off 30 employees yesterday, about 40% of its total staff.
hi will this actually be to alex one of the owners or someone else emailing on alexs behalf?
it's me, alex :)
pretty sure not even north koreans do this...
hopefully trump doesn't become president, or we may end up like that. lol
what do you mean, he's not my type? i don't have a type. you think i have a type?
i dont have a type idk what youre talking about??????
suddenly nothing i am worked up about today matters.
this is the quintessential example of why i believe that, if there is a god, he's not good. or just not omnipotent.
also suggests the bearded guy wrote it primarily to pick up waitresses
streetcar conductors were his mtier.
the shoes stores in france have so much good stuff
bring me back something nice
lira will be joining us at on sat 24 sept at marks park emmarentia
is now in sa let him be there please
perfect. in that case, this article will help you restore that backup, along with health data:
will i lose my current health data?
jealous :( and i wish we were there too!!!!
we could've used some extra friendship during those 3 miles!
gosh i wonder why has stayed so quiet on ? and she thinks millenials won't notice this?
what's this then?
it's annoying, but not as annoying as people who don't know the rules.
ugh. for reals. i hate people.
stoops will be fired by uk soon.
not with that buyout.
city will walk league, but as i predicted before season it'll be a bloodbath for top 4. no guarantee outside city.
west ham's defence are letting them down big time
oh please make the foundations an issue!
yes, let's compare foundations. deplorable as you proudly are, don't you realize that will screw you, too?
this week i learned that halftime has no place in the dnb community because they're too old to embrace anything new. talking to you chris...
chris the junglist?
his unshakable faith in the power of white supremacy at the ballot box is a cognitive distortion that ignores the power of everyone else.
shhh, let go! since he is a , unfortunately, he can't help himself. we may as well give him !
that was a killer place love the old school feel.
as in house of here in sf? going tomorrow for my birthday
cover to by with the bro (tag a friend) full video...
i love your voice
coming soon! a fun night w/ jeannine atkins and ellen wittlinger (&amp;me)! western, ma friends, would love to see you!
going 2be at my old mhc home have a lovely weekend!!!! beautiful day in shadley
retweet if you are beyond excited for and need it to be november 4th right this very second!!
more then ever
working bro . why what's up
i was trying to drink aha but i'll wait till your out
based on this news: pipelines are good or bad for the environment?
"a challenge for us to do much because the vapors are not at safe levels for human health.." certainly bad for birds/wildlife
just a head's up: i loved you're next, the guest, etc. i did not love blair witch.
figured as much. even if it's his weakest effort it'll probably still exceed my otherwise low expectations for a bw revival.
"eat an elephant one bite at a time." words from beloved friend
sounds cruel out of context! it means handle big tasks one step at a time to avoid feeling overwhelmed!
nyc brunchin
are y'all at union? is it it creepy that i know that because i drunkenly go to the dominoes next door like every week?
who needs interceptions
jeremy smith with another td run. 49-10!!!!
wife: "ugh. why is everyone being so annoying?" 4-y.o.: "i don't know. i just know why i'm being annoying."
"everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself."
i have pinned this at least a dozen times and saved it to my phone just as many. every time i...
love this saying! i absolutely believe in it as well
herbie has soft hands
soft hands and a tight grip.
one might argue big 10 east is on par with sec west. disclaimer, i'm biased
exactly. only a big 10 fan would argue that. i'm happy the conference is back. been so down for so long.
why do girls with small boobs get sternum tats?
small boobs and sternum tats don't compliment each other.. unless you're rihanna
exclusive: software updates, partition changes, dual booting &amp; seamless custom rom updates - xda.
this xda post has lots of useful info for hackers on how partition tables are set up on current &amp; new phones.
i'd stream but i rly just wanna take today to rest x_x being sick is no bueno.
descansa we can wait
and then they whine about 'russian propaganda'. this is britain's third largest newspaper btw
sure those two guys started ww2 and invented zika.
i got so fat in new york that i just got stuck in the a dress and have to wear the b dress to a wedding ama
nyc is dangerous for the waistline she said choosing between shanghainese restaurants.
i can but myself if i want to and who are you exit my mentions
put yourself as your avi then come back at anyone. bye.
come hear me read from fantasian and answer questions about love and sex!! moma ps1, the classroom, 4pm. book signing to follow!
damn it larissa! why am i always just missing you
macavity grumblebelly tizzyjinx li'l greg sicklytina rhododendron hofstra university
why are you comparing my university to a jellicle cat?
this is my swamp
this is my swamp ass.
so am i gonna do anything the day before my birthday or....??
you can visit me and i can take you to a city with like 12 abandoned buildings at night
girl! you got like tons of followers! i didn't even realize she was totes fancy like that!
i'm a social media whore from the old school.
this is gonna be me leaving webster when and destroy me on my birthday
us together girl
jv football with the dub! 20-7 over lakeland!!! super proud of each athlete! fought hard for all four quarters. love these kids!!!!
great game!!
chale coo off that you gon watch it?
hahaha lies, your not white ha n yee my nigga, i'm trynna watch it but its on paperview
im sure they have some fine print where that wouldnt be there problem. 100% sure
i've done it , a friend of mine has done it and it worked . if all fails go blood on customer service
who is a police officer even makin 6 figures????? soldiers dont make nearly that much
these r vatican's 1st line of defense esp. n cities like nyc. bis owns all our flesh through city of london,inc's bis
i had a dream u and i hung out and i bought six tubs of ice cream and we talked shit about people
let's do that soon then, the dreams have spoken
i've been looking forward to posting this since june when i took this selfie before we shot the...
still one of the most dangerous women in hollywood. total compliment as i always trip or fall off something when she on
meghan trainor &amp; taylor swift, vocalists of our generation
is he okay did he really just say meghan trainor is a better vocalist than sia. boi what
crazy maureen dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing , pretends she knows me well--wrong!
you are the undisputed champ of childish adjectives. sad!
i really like how the mage-templar war factions progressed in inquisition, with how each side is folded into larger groups.
i'm curious how exactly the divine election will go. 2 was all about building up to this, and it has some roots in broken circle.
why u know
yu not know you the detective and p.i.
aw i thought you're going to fair today?
my moms out
crazy maureen dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing , pretends she knows me well--wrong!
anyone from nyc knows you. we don't like you.
breaking news: annual passholders w/ 3 people parking is only $9... 4+ people = free until october 2!
ap's always get free parking i thought? i always did with mine.
enhancements i would like as an "enhanced reporter": - flight - night vision - mind reading - adamantium claws
i envisioned that more like "robocop", with a notepad in his leg and he investigates ... trouble. and yes, the paper costs $1.
it appears trump has full access to his android today
try this again. trump rally with lies on msnbc. not on fox or cnn. hmmm
1 pizza is a reasonable portion size for one.
1 batch of cookies, 1 tub of ice cream...
just finished a great round of canvassing for - lots of positive energy in !
god bless you dan!
yeah he was going down before the kick even landed
at first i thought is was the "jump into my guard" play, but he did nothing off his back then
that's exactly what jon holzwarth said! lol!
wow this dude's racism is off charts. location rhodesia? mercenary?
the world's most extra person
ugh why did i think those thermos' behind you were dildos why why why
it'd be interesting to explore how we can do value-based care in canada, esp in mental health. we have as many failures of care.
when i wanted to try therapy, had to go to 1 of only a few cost effective clinics in wpg. lots of barriers even if educated
huh, i've had this monitor for like five years and i never knew it had speakers in it
monitor speakers are so useless though, sort of an emergency afterthought capability imho
it's rather interesting the us doesn't have any federal statue on domestic terrorism like they do with foreign terrorism.
this is why dylann roof's white supremacist manifesto wasn't criminal but tarek mehanna is charged with "material support" for uploading txt
the darrelle revis - j.r. smith saga continues.
horrible photoshop
zelda is one of the best games of all time dawg
smh you not lying this nigga buggin
u dont cheat on your tax's? but when a politician does it, pussy power!
clintons' taxes are revealed. trump's? nah, no need.
what the mainstream media won't show you --- protest in north dakota over the pipeline.
wow! is this today?
i'm curious how exactly the divine election will go. 2 was all about building up to this, and it has some roots in broken circle.
while it makes sense for the series to have focused around this, i hope the amell family gets focus again, since they were the center of 2.
my diet goes to absolute shit once the weekend hits
u are literally 10 pounds. shut up
ahhh, the whining of the vikings fans begins. a tradition unlike any other.
now now, we're not even close to patriots fans in that respect.
you really think so?
hahaha! i almost added that picture instead!
got beer but now i'm craving orange juice
i'm sure this is a thing
it's 91 degrees in phoenix and i'm knocking on doors. have you volunteered yet?
awesome!!!
ymbape arrested at kith today
ahahhahahahaahha omfg he's wearing supreme boxers tho
cause they won't let me get a shirt in light pink unless i order 6 and i'm too broke for that
whatchu making
but someone would. on a station it could be a finite number of people &amp; an investigation done.
i'm sure you would make sure only your allies would be present when you did the deed
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
here is my birthday wish.i hope you have many happy birthdays in the years to come behind bars!
trump may want the birther issue to go away, but it will always be part of his history
wrong again it's part of the clinton history first get your facts right washington post looking to lie again for h
yo when you're right, you're right tunech
update: just took my first shot of this satday
must be great 2 have so much free time that u have 2 spend it all talking abt me ....y'all r my best fans ima send u free tix 2 opening nite
i don't really know what free time is like you see bc i'm working on a career and trying to better myself
i would like to invite you both to make it better if you can
this exact form of passive aggressiveness is exactly what i'm talking about. thank you for making my point.
my snapchat has been so fucked up ever since i updated my phone
that's how my messaging app was!
dont mind them :p! arsenal will be fine actually but cant call other 2. pool look great tho, and top manager/no europe
west brom will finish 4th with rondon top scorer!!!
i'm still trying to understand why afrojack didn't like my sunglasses
still on this huh
haha. just messing with you of course. please tweet the dishes you make. i am curious!
tonight fusilli with organic muir glen garden vegetable sauce and i add broccoli, cauliflower, zucchini, melt mozzarella in sauce
jdkakkfd i type the same thing out twins
oh cause i was about to say you doing dory type shit
who is a police officer even makin 6 figures????? soldiers dont make nearly that much
they will raise these cops $ until we face/outnumber them&amp;they're 60k strong here n nyc.wanna solve?get theirunionbos
while it makes sense for the series to have focused around this, i hope the amell family gets focus again, since they were the center of 2.
but i'd also like the other other origins, and origins' other main quests, to be a more prevalent. the mage/templar stuff can sit back.
seriously though i often look at the portion sizes on the side of food boxes and chuckle to myself
oh man, that shit is ridiculous. almonds? have 5. soda? drink 1/3 of the can!
snapcash makes me frisky screen name: kaleecarroll
now thats a booty that needs some spankings and lots of loving
look: drone to deliver game ball before auburn-texas a&amp;m
. jeremy johnson was piloting and the drone has been intercepted.
really? i have never heard a single person say that.
same here. never heard anyone say that
lmfaooooooo that's dope as fuck though
beyond dope shit is indescribable
all he had to do was just ask for the context
my bad. what was the context?
its amazing to me how if you are for common sense laws you don't love america.
one can love one's country, and have serious issues with parts of it, such as the one percent, bigots, racists.
might stay in the trump tower for one week
i would eat mad mexican food and blog entry single one of their fancy toilets. lol
this game is so much fun
i never expected this. i was kinda thinking cards needed to get up early and then hold on for dear life.
with under a minute of birthday left on the clock, it only remains to thank everyone involved with making it a lovely day. thank you!
happy unbirthday!
explored the highlands today and saw this breathtaking 13th century castle. ...
wow!!!! amazing!
have you seen this? it's the greatest thing on the interwebs today. ;)
this is fantastic!
": you're a hard woman to please." are any woman easy? after 21 years my wife tells me i'm still missing the mark.
21 years? i was married for 7 and got rid of her.
and then my dad threw mine away hahah
they were hella short i remember our ass was always peeking out thotties hahah
my sister drew this picture and i'm trying to figure out what it is
leave my child alone
great 9:15 flatiron class today. what was that 500 miles remix you played? must have!
pm me your email addy again- i'll send it to you!
that is a damn good terry
this is the terry i have wanted to do cosplay photo sets with , damn i wish i could cosplay model at
this literally might be the dumbest tweet i've seen all day. we have almost 100 million ppl out of the labor force!
she must have had her cord around her neck cutting off her oxygen at birth.
and looking at the accounts that replied to this tweet seems to confirm it.
the replies have been as vile as the imagery.
hold on hold on..so not only two free tory lanez tickets..but jacquees and kranium coming too?
so we got ..dj static..ac..a free pre game party..and giving away two free i told yuh tour tickets for best lingerie wear..
what? you don't just ride horses and herd cattle all day long?
we put the cows up and let the horses out then we watch football!
but i'd also like the other other origins, and origins' other main quests, to be a more prevalent. the mage/templar stuff can sit back.
solas has me suspecting that they'll shift more to an elf focus, though, which of course i'd love, but i'd like a little more dwarf focus.
a girl who came home with me the other night stole my eggs and bacon so that's a new water mark for insane los angeles dating stories
maybe she was gonna suggest you two make breakfast together and then things just sorta got out of hand
. just don't take it too far and say "i'm in the house."
.frantically scribbling notes. for a friend.
it's a citizen miami - great value basic folding.
foldable bikes, the future is now.
which one is she?
the michael myers mask
you only care about race not truth and upholding law
most likely in error. what's funny is how now you're not claiming a liberal construct!
daily dot fires a bunch of journalists, will replace them w/ "more people in areas like video, e-commerce and sales"
a lot of journalists were laid off, but tech and sales were hit harder. i don't think they're giving up on journalism.
i got new teeth! i had temporaries and they gave me my real deal ones this morning
gold? silver? or teeth color?
not sure whats more baffling , sony not including a 4k bluray or the ps4 community being fine with it
the latter i think, just goes to show you it's a popularity contest with a lot of them
i'll be in california in less than a week and i'm so excited.
we're already in a drought give us a break
anyone know of anyone selling pups?
i know someone selling frenchies!
oh wow. will be working. will u??
yea it will be my first time going.
but calling tens of millions of americans "deplorable" is ok?
only when it's true.
that was the most toxic skype call i've been in. kids are freaks.
you're not good enough to win an am on bo3, have to put more time in
solas has me suspecting that they'll shift more to an elf focus, though, which of course i'd love, but i'd like a little more dwarf focus.
if only so that who the king is will mean a bit more. there's just a lot of interesting stuff they have that i hope they use more.
had to do it
no honey, you didn't
so true. it's the love for varieties that gets us in trouble.
oy. you're admitting on twitter that you look at other women. smh
your wish is my command
nukes never had an issue with you man but michael is chill af, and no need to post stuff like this over block game
my fav cliche is writers establishing their man creds by saying they go to barber shops where men discuss man things
some of those very same men probably spend time in "locker rooms," if you can believe such a thing
so we got ..dj static..ac..a free pre game party..and giving away two free i told yuh tour tickets for best lingerie wear..
i told yah..i always take great care of my people..
it never fails i legit wake up to a random person sleeping on my couch every saturday morning lmao
or on the ground
now i'm distracted looking for halloween costume ideas
i can't decide between sexy predator and sexy bigfoot
yep. would never have guessed this
phew, that was almost a td bomb
at wizarding world of harry potter like...
your skin is magical.
wasserman schultz: we've 'never had a more bigoted, misogynistic' candidate 'where lying is part of the family dna'
how can anyone be a bigger liar and bigot than killary or president pinocchio?
i wish she was in more stuff cause i'd make more puns but
well thta shouldt'n stop yuo!
was there a delay?
the 24 breezed past us on mt hope
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
jackson thanks so much for the rt of my story. glad to be connected. enjoy your weekend.
if u can convince the lowest white man he's better vs the best colored man,he won't notice you're picking his pocket
this quote is from lbj.
damn it larissa! why am i always just missing you
it's not 2 late 2 turn around
sad but we'll be iight.
yes sir! alwaysssss have a great day! :)
love for varieties? different women? dear calvin: you will be getting yourself into lots of troubles with mrs calvin.
and it's probably not the first time
fuck those idiots your day will come kid! dope mix btw
one day homie one day, and thanks
looking to meet founders / see how i can help. drop a dm to connect! thx for invite !
is the best. period.
your sister said she'd buy the beer...after she's done hooking.
better yet just shake a cup near the beer stand it works for the homeless so it can work for a guy who lives in a mobile home!
i got pulled over driving my moms car &amp; the guy let me go
what did you say ?!
yeah deadass
boutta talk forever
have y'all ever driven on that road between tijuana and mexicali? my dad always stops &amp; makes us look down to where all the cars have fallen
there's a whole car graveyard of cars that have gone over the edge of the mountain
continue shameless or start season 6 of twd big decisions
is that even an option
it's not just density
in places like bay area, bldg restrictions are mostly not based on health &amp; safety.
are you really crowing about this? who are these "app state" fans you speak of?
ugh florida finally gets a kicker &amp; you want to chime in!
the 24 breezed past us on mt hope
we were given 1 fare card so i took 15
yep. would never have guessed this
wow, this d is playing dominant. jhc!!!!
when are you going
i can go whenever it's not too far away from me
im actually sitting here pissed off that i have to endure so much pain just for a natural woman cycle....wtf
this is why i can't birth a kid, i can't even handle cramps so foh with contractions
all right. twitter is fine. i approve. still keeping my eyes on you, calvin. lol
poor calvin. jane's on his case now besides just me.
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
cornish thanks for the rt. alway happy to be connected with another .
oh thank god they solidified properly. cousin asked me to make these for a friend's wedding and i only made them..
2 hours ago she's gonna pick them up in 3hrs. i just need to get working on the salted caramel for drizzle then the fruits she's bringing
i'm looking for books that would make great tv series, ones that haven't already been optioned. recommendations?
i'll start writing. there's a series in here somewhere.
billie piper ftw
she is my dream tbh
i love him so much what the heck
he's so handsome and great. 10/10 tj post.
so they're going under?
people have warned me for months the dot was going under, but i think this is a move to dramatically cut costs &amp; save it.
i think what people like is irrelevant to aaa n aa exclusives. you'll have sony guys downplay this since its on pc but
the industry shows that aaa matter most, ppl buy aaa in droves, all usually slated for holiday when ppl spend. they matter
yes, articles like this never want to say rape but when one person has no autonomy that's what it is.
bc washington couldn't have children we'll never know if he abused his power in this way. but the article goes out of their way to--
appetizers, cocktails &amp; great company. rsvp for party at :
buddy on the right looks like a young christoph waltz
give the kids what they want
what if i want a million dollars
you stan nokia minaj. sit down lady. you don't have the right to call anyone flop/
but you do have the right? and yes i stan the highest selling rapper of all time
cops attacked in philly &amp; this in seaside today...
cannot believe this!
thanks for the rts jorge
thanks ray!
"we can't lead people somewhere we haven't been ourselves." -
i think this might be the first time i've ever been twitter quoted... level up!! haha love you so good to see you today
wahhh trump made a point about how guns actually protect people and hrc wants to deny us our rights. cry more.
do those cam girls u follow accept your food stamps as payment?
is it a good feeling?
only when the kween skates to it
. please stop saying election day is november 9. it's actually november 8. if you can't remember, write it down.
. this is real election fraud, perpetrated by the leader of the republican party
wearing waterproof makeup to atif aslam's concert tonight
me and faiza were just saying this omggg, im rlly gonna be bawlin
that banana tho
airbnb left it behind and i haven't had the heart to toss it for sentimental reasons
do you guys remember when we used to play with puppets? lol
curby and sarah and berry
it's a little to do w/face time; basically the network draws the line btw which actors are regs &amp; which are gss.
so completely arbitrary then? weird that you often get that billing cc:
the 13th zodiac was announced n im livid and abt 2 have a panic attack this is irrelevant i refuse 2 acknowledge it
yeah that isn't true bc no way in hellllll am i a gemini
would need louisville to lose two though no?
they will, they spent all their bullets with all that desperation with ali for this game.
if this was coming to ps instead of xbox you'd have people downplay it cuz its a niche or not aaa game like alot of ps excl
it is coming from ps4, i think it's a staggered release
isn't "falling" a synonym for "collapsing"?
i'm now prepared to lay even money that the dnc gives her the eagleton/torricelli treatment
yes, articles like this never want to say rape but when one person has no autonomy that's what it is.
--portray his stepson as a wayward bad apple.
jesus, florida st is getting boat raced... app st is losing by less
hey fsu fans...
also, she's not a source, she's a "news-making" subject
really the best course of action is don't bad mouth someone unless you're willing to stand by your words.
she's leaving out what happened next.
next part is that trump hits back and then the agitator starts crying and accusing him of being a bully....
to deflect from recanting birther lies?
who knows - but he just double-attacked hillary's media bete noir (obama's too). so weird.
yep. would never have guessed this
confusing the rs frosh qb with a very experienced d. almost another punt return td!!!! told ya jaire was a good returner
just got shushed in the lib so i'm uncomfortable
laughing really hard
he too young... might gotta pull the kid
lol they going bonkers bro
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
elaine thanks for much for rt my story. i plan to join you as an author when my story (in book form) comes out next spring.
the best way to ensure that someone will behave like a stranger is apparently telling them to not be a stranger.
do true. "don't be a stranger" - never hear from them again
today i learned that gamers are hopping mad because a teen girl says the word "microaggressions" in a video game
i'm just glad cussbro suffocated in that refrigerator trying to replicate the bad indiana jones before he could see this...
we were given 1 fare card so i took 15
b/c very few other participants take the bus and surely will not after terrible experience today
has a p4th 2
"citizenship" if they
free wireless internet in public places all over europe, in the next four years? we've had this for &gt;decade.
excellent! in usa, we are trying to enable more jobs via wireless and donations to ... also via mobile sports
dreamt about a milkshake last night
the only way to have made this tweet better would been to add '...again' at the end.
"citizenship" if they
can run the table
i'm more in shock than anything else.
its shocking cause fsu been so good lately
what's the first thing i should do with the iphone 7 i just bought when i set it up? vote here.
re set all of apple pay, because most cards disappear.
2 hours ago she's gonna pick them up in 3hrs. i just need to get working on the salted caramel for drizzle then the fruits she's bringing
those are vanilla bean buttermilk panna cotta btw. couldn't find my book so had to remember how from memory and do the recipe calculations
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
no one said they are taking guns away. why do keep lying about the same things. only your stupid supporters believe you.
i want to get something that looks amazing like that for an org i want to start, but i dont even know what i want to name it
you can always change the name later :) best to make sure you have it before someone else grabs it
venezuala have banned un aid conveys. do you really think they'd allow clinton foundation to help?
she wouldn't help even if she could
man, florida state is going down in garnet and gold flames.
clearly they're not a "second-half team" today.
this is a weird talking point inasmuch as the koch brothers have pointedly stayed out of the presidential race.
it's a nice way to find those aware the presidential race isn't the only race running. or having a lot of money spent on it.
watch 's startup school live online today:
how to raise seed by : ask all your friends to annoy beyond all norms of decency. :)
well you're talking to the best in the business re that country let me know how could i help
i want to second this. no one knows about venezuela more than alek. nor is anyone more honest/brave.
they only seem to turn it on once the train's in germany, oddly
i was in germany, munich to berlin
scary thought! luckily speedbirds have excellent safety records!
i'll be there soon!
when's the last day to get a ticket
last day will be friday
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
martha thanks for rt my story. i hope it helps others over come their challenges. enjoy your weekend.
now that i discovered the shortcuts to formatting in canvas by it's really starting to become my favourite notes app
let us know if you have feedback.
too bad federal funding can't be withheld from garfield high school in seattle. unworthy of the sacrifices made by american soldiers.
i don't think it has anything to do w/ soldiers from what i read. the students support our troops. i think there's other issues.
i think you meant
woof. read that one wrong.
excited about today! thinking about how startup approaches might apply to non-profits.
here for the same reason. let's connect
good tools for 3d rep of space-filling molecular models. prettiness important, must run on os x or via browser. recs?
ideally the output can be made to spin gracefully, and the resultant movie is easily exportable.
why...would they name it that??
it was a warship before becoming a polar explorer. but yes, there's
aaa's n multis help sell the consoles but the aa's n indies help give the console flavor and define it
i like some indies but i find them copying each other. indies like ark or theculling i do enjoy a lot. sick of platformers
robert gates, partisan hack moron.
who has worked under bush and obama. right. jackass
yep. would never have guessed this
crap. awful pass
what are you even talking about, you dumb shit?
i guess wanking off incessantly also causes memory loss about who you're wanking off to
roginsky reeks
pull off the air!she is toxic.
does the ios app support offline editing?
not yet. but we know it's important and want to support it.
im mind fucked bro lol she neeking her dad ?
she hiding something
ignorant brats. suspend the entire team and educate them on the sacrifices that have been made for them.
why are they ignorant?
the only place where i see people wearing cowboy hats is dfw airport
it's true me and the family (zahra) are in sfo!!!
here they come
degrom back on sunday
that's how i'd rate the book too.
wait, which book? all 3 of them, or do you have one in mind?
ha, ha, ha. trump rallies are filled with diversity and people who know better.
sure they are. we can see the diversity. self-hating or just plain dumb poc!
oh shit more shots fired from a certain absolute badass no shortage of truth tea from
where do we find these wackos!
torts scratched his 2nd best goalie, a 30 goal scorer and big buff. his best goalie is the backup. this is why i'm rooting for team na
and patrick kane
a lot of journalists were laid off, but tech and sales were hit harder. i don't think they're giving up on journalism.
it looks like the investigative journalists who did this wikileaks story weren't laid off.
i'm a fan of kirk herbstreit, but every time i hear looey-ville, it's like nails on a chalkboard.
how has no one ever corrected him?
just because your mom does that, doesn't mean i will. you should help your mom out charles. be a good boy.
remember shake that can!
mega corporations love deregulation &gt; more toxic chemicals, pills, gmos, and toxic foods to sell to a world unprotected
&amp; ignorant
in the mid-00s and so saw linden lab do a version of this "do what you want" approach rather disastrously
but on the other hand, so did github.
poll: who do you trust to do a better job on the economy?
how could one trust a liar &amp; cheat.
when your friends say they won't vote, ask how much student debt they have. there's only one candidate who will make college affordable.
there is no such thing as free. i sacrificed to send my kids to college and this free business is baloney
will you have your stevebucky porn available for purchase after the con or no? :)c
i'm so sorry i have no plans to do that at the moment
scamming the poorly educated
trump university
dreamt about a milkshake last night
the only way this tweet could have been better is if you had added '...again' at the end.
the biggest disappointment i have with the iphone 7 is how unbelievably good looking the jet black is without a case.
and how apparently easy it is to scratch. such a dilemma
"who's streets? our streets."crowd chants.
you misspelled "whose".
love it! i think i'm in the right spot
i like being in the quadrant :)
happy bday ! thnx for all the dive support , i really appreciate u! have a great day
awe thank you jenner! and anytime love watching you dive
isn't running for president; the clinton machine is. she could die tomorrow &amp; that machine would continue trying to install itself.
hrc is not running, she can hardly crawl. lol
also rick trickett and lawrence dawsey need to go as well.
not going that far. yet. especially today when opposition can pin their ears. injuries, converted de at rt.
yep. would never have guessed this
wanted that td. dang
chris, but you saw how busy we were all night... i couldn't leave him hanging
you could've left at like 1 though... 2:30 is a bit extreme
by the way did you try your luck with the restock yesterday?
na i decided to chill. i've actually been selling sneakers on ebay.
i bet that the median american will not follow my example in eating bean-less burritos
if we are all in vr head sets on a soylent drip, will that count as beans? soybeans, that is.
the origins of birtherism, from my 2007 piece. (started with the "secret muslim" stuff...)
c*ntlappers for hillary
is your mint plaza location accepting postmate orders???
did the orders arrive safely??
highly recommend watching college football while getting a natural spa pedicure
sounds like something to be filmed for the time inc sizzle reel.
only my dad from mexico bruh, i'm a white bean &amp; that's wassup g, i'm posted watching football
haha your a goon bruh lol n florida st getting donked ha i think it starts at 5 or 7 today
what is he talking about? trump and company admire and love putin.
well one candidate loves him!
looks like he was going down before the contact
the positioning of his legs when he got hit is weird, he had no base. sat down basically.
going strong! is schooling us about legible type &amp; concrete poetry tune in on twitch, roguelike_con &amp; roguelike_con2
i wish i were there and not sitting in an airport lounge.
dreamt about a milkshake last night
the only way this tweet could have been better/more honest is if you had added '...again' at the end.
is there a support/status twitter for kaptest? if not you need one. paid $$$ and recurrent problems loading lecture videos. :/
sorry you are having trouble. please contact 800.kaptest for assistance.
"omg is gonna go off in the club! the girls are gonna lose it!!"
the gay on the stage texting is taking me out
today's goals - finish a draft princess bride smut fic for shipwreck - get promotional stuff ready for geeks of color at nycc - drink tea
!!! what is shipwrecked? and i'm going fri and sat to nycc. will geeks of color have a booth/meet up thing?
# explains how she does to get into the startup life
public service announcement: don't let this neurotoxin get in the way of your startup dreams.
remember the time this kid was compared to jameis winston after one start?
no, he wasn't
this tweet basically says carr&gt;raiders. the epitome of a "player fan" juvenile shit,can't wait till he blocks me.
obviously not too bright, who tweets (fuckkin) my 12yo nephew doesn't
the picture you are using to depict this is ivanka, and in a very heated race this is the first time i have seen it. rubish
think there's a reason
just hope that canelo gets washed and put in his place tonight
here we go with you hatin all over again
my favorite part of this is the badass gloves she's wearing. that child has beaten loan payments out of someone.
it's part of the dog the bounty hunter kids line.
highest selling rapper? lmao go do your h/w eminem, jay, kanye, 2pac, outkast, wayne outsold ha
check the facts honey.
nope! at an event tho
damn, i'm going out of town and have a vip ticket to the . oh well.
then we ate cider doughnuts
maybe some necco wafers later?
have a nice evening
thank you &amp; back to you ( c ;
threatened him it sucks but i get why he's saying this garbage.
he's saying his speech as if it's hrc's to hold her feet to the fire. it won't work. it's turning off voters
blowing this up to spread the viralness. (original by )
amazing section 10 creates an unelected , virtually unremovable tyrant with $$$ motives
fam. this time difference is the worst
i can imagine. you just dey reverse of the whole world
ok guys what's 54 min in wav size
what bit depth and rate are you recording in?
the people should decide and every choice of the people should be on so they can make their presidential choice!
there should be one primary national on same day for all who run,
atq:???/def:??? powers and abilities: -dragon and wolf transformation -element powers -galaxy power
thanks?what was that?do i have to answer those?
blue bubbles tell you that the recipient has an iphone. would like a way to know if they have ios 10 before sending them shit they won't see
blue send arrow in the compose screen?
the conspiracy is real: italians control the media.
this thing of ours
or he wakes up on the plane at the beginning of xy and it turns out all of kalos was a dream
he then realizes that all of his dreams will soon become reality once he steps out of the plane.
fowler loves to see the noles lose. you can tell by how loud he gets when lville does anything
can't tell that to though
makes list of friends that are important because
let's start with shaniya. you already know you is my soulmate. most open-minded wheel i know
you really think fsu is still trying out there?
no. hence the "want to give up" line in the tweet.
the weather cooled down by like 5 degrees this weekend? say no more fam.
why kill a living being to stay warm?
do u hv a word of advice for my 9yo niece who's being picked by a group of popular girls in a melbourne school tq
go to the teachers, have the parent speak to the parents and teacher, group conference. it's all open. then avoid them. :)
you mean the souls of men everywhere isn't enough?
that reply was gna get me in trouble lol
mutuals: hottest? sexiest? handsomest? funniest... - hottest mutual: grace sexiest mutual: casey no h...
i am a disney princess
what would we do without him
honestly, not a clue.
i can't live tweet this. is actually a nice guy.
how are those mutually exclusive? (genuinely curious)
slays my life. like her style is bomb af
omg stop you're so sweet thank you!!
i finally got to beat darkest faerie after not being "allowed" to play it all summer and im crying it's such a good game for neopets...
it's surprisingly harder (+longer) than it seems like it would be lol..its like an easier knock off zelda game. i love it
no. has been dethroned and is headed lower, maybe much lower...
oil is relevant to $ only in a sense of tautological correlation.
covering every word is not the same as eating it up. they were in hysterics from day 1. they are not credible, and most are stupid.
why is the media singling out trump? every politician puts up with the media without the theatrics imposed by trump.
the aggressive motivation vs the passive acceptance is huge. how arent you seeing that?
neither is good. passive is no better than aggressive. again both bad candidates will hurt our country.
hmm. if i could even find a shirt in the shade i need, where do i get the paper?
acmoore or some craft like store near ya
john kasich just stated it's "very unlikely" he will vote for trump.we're going to win ohio without this jackass.
yes trump will take ohio w/out that poor loosers help or endorsement he won 1 state in the primaries cry about it
i am very lucky in that i can afford a lot of things, but many people aren't (esp. in other countries).
. same here, nope sometimes it's not about $$, in iraq 7 years ago i couldn't pay acm a penny due to no proper banking system
hi everyone - i have officially applied to 39 residency programs in 29 different cities - is your city cool? help me pick where to live.
sf is nice. and there area lot of ways around the seeming expensiveness
it's surprisingly harder (+longer) than it seems like it would be lol..its like an easier knock off zelda game. i love it
its so much longer than i thought it would be like damn idk exactly how many hours i logged into it but its. a lot
if u say ur a journalist on tv an say is less transparent than ...turn n your license, right (quote tweet add some)
journalistic malpractice. thanks for proving the theme of media bias.
i was just reading this! got a couple qualms re: positioning of sa doc photo solely via colonial + racial dichotomies.
also not too high on anything tht breaks down sa doc photo via apartheid/post (you knw me + temporality fight often lol)
lolol. my next stop was going to be that
yup that's quite a handy place
psychology must be used to empower the collective and devour the psychological agendas of the capitalist class.
take back education from the profiteers &amp; technocrats...use wisdom, common sense, &amp; democratic knowledge to instill strength
that is what's puzzling about having these people stump for clinton. if voters liked her, her numbers would be up!
she will not b 45th pres of us.this sick merchant society gonna get what they deserve! war famine disease
just ordered the iphone 7 plus:))
but it's not coming until mid october:/
next time i make a sad dramatic tweet and some bumb bitch quote tweets "can't relate" she getting snuffed no funny
that shit is so annoying idc who loves you
but they be handing out community service for not going
yikes. my ra doesn't take accurate attendance so no one ever gets punished as far as i know.
also not too high on anything tht breaks down sa doc photo via apartheid/post (you knw me + temporality fight often lol)
however the heavyweights are here, so not mad at it completely. mofokeng + mlangeni give me heart palpitations
especially with fowler right next to him saying it correctly.
we now go live to fowler trying to correct kirk herbstreit:
that's a very hilly.
it's ridiculous! i can't do long miles without encountering stupid hills...
now i'm so emotional about fuckin neopets...why does it have to be such shit now
the website itself isnt even the issue its just that theres no...community anymore, petsites cant thrive w/o community
"omg is gonna go off in the club! the girls are gonna lose it!!"
" is a banger, i can't wait to hear it out"
well, we are still laughing several days later
ok then i'm laughing with you!!!
yep. everyone heals differently i suppose
sounds about right
so good lol=&gt;major garrett has on air tantrum over trump 'birther' press event
the press got hoodwinked boo hoo to them. they do it all the time to us to report only what they want
uncompressed, standard wav
~580mb if you are 16 bit @ 44.1 khz.
didnt clinton news networks tell you its a bs return with a bs charity show dr oz her health rds
dr. freaking oz?
does anyone know what hillary's policies are? i know trump's tax plan, childcare plan, immigrant plan, etc from media conferences
no, doesn't have one her only concern is as president her p2p donations will be much larger. getting in her way is dangerous.
fo'real. but it's a upper div comm class and it might be totally worth it!!
but it's still an 8 am class
no...i am showing my best friends states and other crap for fun...please don't hate me...
no it's ok,your my friend no matter what you say
so uh this showed up for me
plz invite me to your new hampshire wedding.
looks like it's a quarter - not sure why it's in there
i don't brew coffee with coins either
only a hell beast would twist the knife. again. %#%#@#?!! ^#%&amp;$$@!!!
the candidate who would get rid of student loans and tuition fees is called
you should really think more of yourself. shame.
. where did the native americans go? after learning their history. human rights lesson from u? no, thanks.
happy , citizens!
holy celebration, batman !
penn state played a video tribute to joe paterno during game vs. temple video:
did they invite the abused? disgusting.
if you're gonna bleach it use olaplex in your bleach!!!
okaayy lol i can get that at sally's beauty supply right?
anyone who thinks obama wasn't born in this country?
is a bigot? that's a ridiculously moronic statement. even for an obot! lol!
it's just so extra....
pretty much all of the new features feel completely unnecessary to me. just clutter everywhere.
"donald trump's birther event is the greatest trick he's ever pulled"
i don't get it?? you are proud of your tricks?? your new hotel will file for bankruptcy just like the plaza in nyc. loser
heading to the chester... let's link!
idk if i look respectable enough for the meatpacking today
dem titties, doe.
no shit. nice photo
what part of pittsburgh are you in? i'm from there so i feel you.
wherever the smiling moose is. homie it was trash lol
yup, looked at opening line. i still like it.
over the 81 late night it is
i want this for my birthday
i gotchu
child cheese. that ain't free! that's ridicule
child, saudis are not the worlds moral police. worry about ya'll bedrooms &amp; letting women drive.
well, handles the technical aspects, but a big part of that is that we all skype in. are you all playing together?
yeah it's all in person
illegal alien activist that criticized trump is arrested for rape
the man is always right. he calls them as he sees them
also 15,000 informants in us, most actively luring muslims into potemkin plots. how many for kkk? probably a handful at most.
media's double standard on foreign &amp; domestic terrorism is influential too. rarely do they mention arrests are sting ops.
went to a park for bellsprouts, ended up with a bunch of gastlys.
ghastly nest? yes please! which park is this?
lmaooooooo that dead be me with the can't relate shit
i dead hate that shit lol
can never see the sun, this diva needs her stage baby lets have fun
i want to scream this song with you
clinton foundation spent barely 6 percent on charitable grants in 2014:
it's all about them they really don't care for anyone
i wouldn't mind having a pet panda chillin around the house
....not if it put them nails n yo azz!! lol
trump blood test, i did blood work up, and you get more than one page. what is trump hiding, were is his tax return. what a sham
perhaps results were from donald jr!
watching her go 'pop' is fun. watch: trump campaign mgr. loses it on-air when asked about trump's charitable giving
kc master of spin dodging ?s on all dt's lies and opaque closed campaign into more memes about hrc.
pulled into someone's driveway to make a uturn and spotted some really cool bumper stickers
get out of my driveway
has at least 2 apartheid fans on its board of directors
good to know. just wow.
facial hair is growing on me
like i'm starting to like it. i'm not physically growing facial hair
having been exposed to a lot as a kid, i feel very strongly about this. please let your kids be kids.
'careful the things you say. children will listen. careful the things you do. children will see and learn." - sondheim xoxo
when you give her the super serum but she's still sucking
"women want to enslave me for 40 years."
these gays are ugly
you on stage in the grey shirt "dancing"
im so close to 60 views on this !!! &lt;3 thanks to all my fans (:
whats ur email(: i have a suggestion!
so far. unless she throws up in public or something.
witty reference to bush 41 duly noted. :)
the moment i go to sleep, his rt storm starts. and those sounds ... i'm awake again.
"ticking away th moments that make up a dull day, fritter &amp; waste th hours in an offhand way" anything fr vc
i started coding something at 9am, got up to get some water and suddenly its now 2:30pm
i guess einstein was right, time is truly relative after all
salty my dad been knew about his surprise party lol
how u know lol
don't trash oakland ~ it's home.
don't leave the city of oakland without a sports team!
that's the fucking best
i had an edible and smoked like 12 blunts and a bottle of sangria i was litty
"donald trump's birther event is the greatest trick he's ever pulled"
you are proud of being a con artist??? karma is coming.
maybe when art fight is over i'll fill the hole in my life with trying to get back into neopets
altho imo the biggest thing that makes neopets so...boring is the limit on pets u can have, like once u complete those goals
come play polo at delta, next game 1:50 we need some more bodies!
bro i totally would but im in sf :(
i think the problem is that "reasonable" has a varying definition.
it's all perspective. i once ate an entire pudding cake. 10,000 calories. why? because it was there
i'll just look the other way
what's wrong with people?
for what?????
see where you're from because you're gorgeous
i think his feet were just in bad position. he's not going to go to russia to work a fight
that angle shows a lot more. i wouldn't think it to be worked, just looked odd. either way the boy zabit looked great
is anyone going to ask if now believes obama was born in america "as far as she knows"?
apparently is a 1 way street. maybe can say born in
thank god for beyonc.she always reminds me i'm a fucking queen
only beyonce? :(
do a hell of a lot better.
wtf? the actress in the pic, plays dr.maggie pierce. not dr. stephanie edwards.
right!!! only thing i actually like is the new gps system.
i haven't even opened the maps app yet because past experience has taught me to never trust it. it's better now?
altho imo the biggest thing that makes neopets so...boring is the limit on pets u can have, like once u complete those goals
for ur pets what else...is there to do, like fr is so much more fun bc u can have tons of dragons and only need one account
hey , remember when you reported on blair witch vs. the last broadcast? via
it all started here when pierson showed me split screen episode about haxan. and i fell for it!
i am at neither nor this weekend, and am slightly regretting both.
so many things i'm not at today... but i'm happy to be back home from austin and getting some time.
didnt clinton news networks tell you its a bs return with a bs charity show dr oz her health rds
but you go on believing what you want. you've a bug up your butt!
i'll have to take a listen to it, i haven't heard it yet
no problem it's a really really good song
what are you reading today?
the laughing monsters by denis johnson
thanks :d i will make more for my best friends
cool,cool and welcome
omg how embarrassing the camerena pic of us is too wild. thank you
omfg the first and third pics gmsfu
almost slapped the new yorker out of someone's hand in line at the coffee shop
i am glad in my deepest heart of hearts i am a big ol bully
fuck photoshop when you have paint.
here we go again! it's as if you're living in a bubble. oh yeah, you are!!
men that play 2k are the kind of men that are comfortable working for someone other than himself until he dies..... not the kind i respect.
feel free to visit and revise this statement.
(she's single)
whats her @ ?
*a year ago i mean
i saw him there but i've been waiting for forever a solo show with his a/v setup.
trump has good accountants. who pays more tax than they have to?
the taxes will tell us who owns trump because of massive loans: oligarchs, chineese banks, duetche bank and others.
you did? that's great to hear!
they loved it!
yeah. and while papers are now available, in some fields datasets cost a lot of money (older datasets that is). newer are free
true indeed, and lots of other requirements needed to get started, even at the time being
i want a real te. he has to bolster the secondary next year and add another rb.
tes are not hard to find but i dont want a 1st or 2nd rd te. been down that road. oj howards a great plyer but u only have so&gt;
meet kevin, esther, ashley, lorraine, and alice-airbnb hosts in san francisco.
these money hungry status quo cult of address do nothing whores unleash idiots into the neighborhood while they vacation.
innovation could help bring waste-heat harvesting tech to power plants, factories an...
(cont) thermal metamaterial could be used for efficient thermophotovoltaic devices to prod. electricity
this author doesn't understand the electoral college or chooses to ignore it. a vote for stein is meaningless in most states.
i don't think that was the aim.
do a hell of a lot better.
kelly mccreary and jerrika hinton look nothing alike. smdh.
aye honestly i would love to see everyone with their hard copy !
right we could make a sick ass collage of all the pics
ty top interactors! ,,,,,,,
peace &amp; love.
we can't wait to play the on 19/07 as part of
see you tonight dudes.
oh boy, north dakota state is pulling a jdr on the road.
no dice though.
to keep myself stable and avoid the addiction of wow is just to avoid playing it. i dont see an alternative. any thoughts? 3/3
sounds like you accidentally became an adult :( i'm sorry
our oct 7 chicago live show sold out, so i can now point out that there's a cubs playoff game and a kanye concert that same night. suckers!
jody. buddy. i think there's something you need to know about your fan base. you might want to sit down...
isn't the travis verse the same as one on his album though?
not sure but the female vocal and shit is sooo crazy
is stranger things really good? i don't do scifi shows and shit but i wanna check it out.
yes, it starts off a little slow but if you take a day to watch it you will enjoy.
great to have a saturday off before we head to the northeast. nyc, buffalo, and boston on the horizon...
where in boston?
i've had like 2 espressos.
having a hard time trying to espresso yourself haha
too faced 'chocolate shop' palette
oh nah gosh it's sooo cute
ipad pro love it!! if it gets enough requests i'll ask to upload it maybe.. im still just practicing.
please share that wallpaper
just completed a 30.78 km run - san francisco loop ...
even the map is beautiful.
she looks better bald
the hair looks like a wig
awesome! add , and to that mix and you have the perfect socal fandom mix!
thanks for the follow! would love to attend &amp; games! i heard the awesome organ of at game!
absolutely! how fun will that be!?! come during as in like jan/feb to escape the snow!!
is that an invite for everyone??
going to be one of the thousands of people in your mentions telling you that you get used to it
love the apologists most
hello . just trying to explain. pepe is not a symbol for nazis. he's used everywhere. for social commentary to comedy.
keep the charade going it's funny.
you're so welcome! glad you had a fantastic time. unforgettable experience right.
i don't know about u guys but i feel like i vicariously attended the concert thru our winners/babies
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
you are addicted to tweeting stupid insults. you are a very sick child.
great idea. let's set a space at lunch.
sounds like a great idea. i came here to figure out where to go for or non profit moving forward. soul searching
actually we have no idea what's he's paid in taxes because he won't release his tax returns! he's hiding something.
actually it not what he paid. it's whom he owes.
i can't tell if my boss is super nice, or if i'm just so nervous about this job that even the smallest piece of reassurance is a huge relief
me: i did that thing (internally: i did it so poorly, you're gonna fire me, oh god) boss: that's fine. me: *sobs in gratitude*
director grover norquist, ex-lobbyist for apartheid
forget he's on the board i get stuck on larry the toe tapper.
talkin bout twitter n touring n life with fav
what a frickin cutie
sums up college
what that mouth do
yum! tweet pictures please.
i'm working on m y novel now. no time right now. i'm adding grated parmesan cheese on top.
i'm going to start using as an insult to unscrupulous people lol and i'll call people who lie
thats funny! every time i catch my husband fibbing to me i say "ok hillary" and he gets so pissed off.
how to raise seed by : ask all your friends to annoy beyond all norms of decency. :)
another tip: don't recruit people based on their individual ambition; look for alignment to mission. similar to in htaht.
i should go to the beer garden one last time before it gets slightly cold out and that whole place is dead to me.
been meaning to take joe there
stood in front of a coke freestyle machine today and got seltzer, listened to podcasts this week, i do not recognize who i see in the mirror
i guess this is growing up
one step closer, he's lurching toward the handmaid's tale:
. yep, trump's a moral hypocrite enforcing a harsh moralistic theocratic ideology for personal power.
people should spend less time contemplating why trump is so popular (because he isn't) and more on why clinton is so unpopular.
couldn't be because a sexist double standard now, right?
i just don't get why guys fall all over her. i assume it's because she's a porn star...but idk, i don't see the hype.
noooo me neither. call her overrated.
because i tweet like an ass
you could sell that. "hire me to live-tweet that guy" or "hire me to not live tweet your event" `twitter assassin`. could be a thing.
rihives is what rihanna fans are when they obsessed w beyonc. i was pointing out his bias. rih is mediocre tho
no ones obsessed with beyonc but you stop it hun
receipts eichi
its always him or cowboy eichi
virginia is a very bad football team so this is very bad
i don't even want to look up the score, just read your time line moving forward.
when you make it on tiana g's snap
famousss!!!! . im mad jealous you're at olympia. have fun for me!!
crossing bay bridge into oakland.
i'm from texas but live in the bay area..go horns!!!
hey ock, tweet at me or whatevs if you're up for destiny today. carebear is in the same boat, trying to level up before tuesday
i was hoping to be on this afternoon but now i'm out. tomorrow eve though is a possibility!
adrienne bailon &amp; kiely promithes promithes played themselves kicking out of 3lw &amp; replacing her w. an exact replica !
but this was my shit!!!
you didn't remind me today :(
but i do it everyday :( anyways... you are a queen
don't know if that was meant to be a funny tweet but i laughed loudly anyway. thanks.
haha i just find it hilarious when one speaks so much about something yet has no idea of the basic principles
? (reply with your guess. we will reply with the answer later today.)
wow i thought i saw them all until one here but it looks like that christmas horror movie?
i bet you're doing great.
thanks buddy. i'm actually probably pretty good at this job? how am i supposed to process that?
yep. would never have guessed this
b-rad now over 100yds. lj needs 1 more
outright debacle taking place in louisville.
i don't think anybody saw that coming!!!
i want a real te. he has to bolster the secondary next year and add another rb.
many options and ppl to get the ball to. but cmon i could care less how great a blocker kellen davis is, find a freaking te
what was the name of that podcast we got interviewed for @ that bar (without the popcorn)?
the trooth syrum
look at this
lmaooo this is facts
fuck photoshop when you have paint.
that picture should thrill you! just using it for political use, just like the berniecrats
happy birthday. hopefully all your dreams come true! we have to meet up real soon!!!
thanks! and yaasss
. at : the number of american lives that is acceptable to lose in the name of illegal immigration: zero.
fat tony says to shut your face talk about violent immigrants ain't good for business! capiche?
remember... enjoy your life
oh yes, thank you, and eat some good pickles !
my favorite thing is having my own food at home to cook
home cooked food is a major key whatever it may be
supergirl was good in my opinion. just minus only seeing the boots of superman lol
glad to know you're alive
too many damn fouls in this game
in what 2k17?
how about a sober bitch
that's mad boring, but whatever floats your boat
guys, this is obviously a troll account that was just ceated. hit block.
his name is keith and he follows joel osteen..lol
you left your charger here ha
ha its coo my phone broke
behold: your perfect getaway, nestled neatly in the woods.
what a fantastic getaway love this place !!!!!
those handles on your iphone 7 bag are recycled paper!
i noticed that too!
they speak french i'm learning bro lol shit be crazy
yo team full of french ppl lol
basically until internet speeds increase, blu-ray and now, uhd blu-ray will be the best available quality.
can't wait until it's more than a $500 player and 40 weird action movie titles
come eat a dumb hot dog today!! from 11-9 601 mission bay blvd north music, games, art, kid stuff
safe travels to portland
just saw man's tour bus, wish i could go to the concert tonight
where @......
would you trust someone with this skewed view to be an effective commander in chief
you trying to sell that
will you ever come to the realization that the president cant continuously blurt out stupid shit ?
why can't he? our country needs to stop being so politically correct. trumptrain#
yep. would never have guessed this
i think that will put lj over 100 for the day
i want a real te. he has to bolster the secondary next year and add another rb.
w pass catch ability. im sorry but amaro was sent away too early. 39 catches 2 tds as a rookie te w1 100 yd game is not a bust
if his best friend trump wins, we are going to be in deep shit
if hillary wins, she will create wwiii with russia... trump is not trying to start a war with russia.
can you describe sexy bigfoot cheo?
so it's like bigfoot, right? only sexy
. &amp; are hitting the road! see you in reno!
will you be busing people in october? i'm out of town until then but want to help!!
what's wrong with people?
this makes me angry. there's a mountain of evidence that man a. did nothing or b. believed abusing kids just wasn't a big deal.
did you see this today perchance?
yep, tweeted 'facepalm' and blocked me. clearly understands the nuances of "extremely right wing"...
. last night staff tried to break into parents' room with a hacksaw. hotel manager brian was incompetent; fix it.
. not okay for an older couple to wake up in the night of the night to someone breaking in.
my money is on yes.
a girl is hitting on me in my insta dm's help
fuck photoshop when you have paint.
since you're such a fan, read &gt; and &gt;
thank you bb! missed you there
i wanted to be there but the night was hectic. had a great set myself tho! need to see you asap
i don't know i'm having the exact same problem so i can't help you.
two miserable fucks adrift in a sudden and unexpected sea of competence
i am proud of myself for actually taking myself home. round 2 tonight? or is it past your bedtime v
round 2 already started lol, and studio square very soon
i'll hit you as soon as i know where we goin
cuz i still don't have a clue yet lol
trump is a thin-skinned crybaby who lashes out at anybody who criticizes him, but he's not going to lose because he's at war with the media.
they can shut him down in a heartbeat. they built the monster.
listen to the latest episode of as i was joined by to talk , his career &amp; more!
great interview. u covered all the questions fans wanted to hear asked. jennings: "porzinga" . hopefully he knows his name now
. yep, trump's a moral hypocrite enforcing a harsh moralistic theocratic ideology for personal power.
. i've read the handmaid's tale (great book!) &amp; women have more financial control now than the 1980s.
&gt;&gt; where the filth of the left ate one of their own&gt;phil berg.
were you dropped on your head? trump never lied he wanted proof &amp; got it. obama should unseal all records
team stop-adding-random-things to guac
the only thing you should put in guac is chips.
yes i love it. so much more organized &amp; accurate.
good to know!
holy shit louisville is laying the wood
tryna get the pipe
what's wrong with people?
it's also people's fucking taxes supporting this!
i want a real te. he has to bolster the secondary next year and add another rb.
too soon and hes going to be a player i think when its all said and donez ur telling me kdavis shld have a spot over him??
hey ock, tweet at me or whatevs if you're up for destiny today. carebear is in the same boat, trying to level up before tuesday
also i can get into nightfall now - barely. black speeders!
so what the hell happened in 1990/1991, anyway?
rise of cable?
i've had people who needed to compare on older data for pub. (reviewers asking them), they ask me for the data, but it's not free
that's unfortunate:/. though it will be very weird thing looking back on such things 20yrs from now. data as a rare commodity
alright, that'll be bolin time
who woulda thought they'd be pulling starters against fsu
they from switzerland but speak french we got three americans lol
bet those your best friends out there lol
cause all we learn is that washington didn't tell any lies
i never taught you that!
trump on clinton's bodyguards: "take their guns away. she doesn't want guns... let's see what happens to her."
right after trumps bodyguard.s
yeah that's the point of all the extra electives i guess!! it still struck me as odd
i can see why. i will say tho, for my undergrad and ms as an electrical eng. major, my fav classes were the nonee ones :)
i am really dreading going but maybe it won't be all white artists and 100 degrees this year. who knows!!
(it was) but i got scouted for a modeling agency lmao wtf
i can't wait to take on seattle with my bff (and paolo)
your turn to be the tour guide
i have eaten 4 cheese sticks today, i need help
you need an intervention!
sarah drew and jerrika hinton attend the 2016 entertainment weekly pre-emmy
their only similarities. both are bw and beautiful.
home cooked food is a major key whatever it may be
why did that rhyme yuck
all of it, but especially the dog at the end (via )
i like the money tossing
""all that is not eternal is eternally out of date." | "
looking unto jesus , the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that set before him endured the cross, hebrews 12:2a
i can see why....but think they win close...then next week, well you know!
the crowd is out of the game, they have 78 yards of penalties
. "the social ills in such environments may be related to poor maintenance more than anything innate."
. pruitt igoe a different discussion. increasingly, cognitive science telling us some aspects of modernism an acquired taste.
all you did was tweet about the incarnation and i got brands blowing up my phone want un to sponsor
i actually think i would listen to that...
the men in them suits last night
ugh such a sucker for a man in a suittttt
how we be eating when we fucked up
lmaoooo facts
last time someone did something like this to florida state? pre-bowden?
the rose bowl two years ago
. i've read the handmaid's tale (great book!) &amp; women have more financial control now than the 1980s.
. it's such an extreme dystopia to use for comparison, except metaphorically; today you couldn't...
c'mon, she has *no* fault in the perception? i admire her w/o measure but arguing she's blameless in being mistrusted is silly
and if it was purely based on the things she's done, do you think she'd be more, less or equally popular?
retweet if you can guess the movie...
charlie and the chocolate factory?
workin/watchin lol, idk dude it was too early for all that -.-
lucky! haha i was supposed to work there dumb enough i said nahh but foreal fuck that viejo white folk be salty
i can see why....but think they win close...then next week, well you know!
they can't run the ball either today
i can't believe i'm being attacked by people i love and am trying to support :(
no, you are trying to convince us we are wrong and you are right, so stop.
i'm on highway five heading down to socal and they were heading up the other way to san jose
ahhh shit i see, ima go tonight gonna be lit
the history of non-proportional type, logarithm tables. the history that lead to the aesthetic of roguelikes
maaaaaannn, sent this event to me this morning. so bummed i missed it :p
well now i can swoop in so
but you gotta admit they were so cute together &amp; made good music
you can't tell me louisville isn't the best team in the country.
you can't tell me ...
i can see why....but think they win close...then next week, well you know!
florida gonna whoop them next week!
gary sanches is 3-25 w/ risp, a stat i have never heard from the yes homer booth. fox mentioned it, therefore they hate the yankees
yes talked about it last night
i believe that qualifies as more than one yard
lj 216 passing and 146 rushing w/5 tds. now has 18 on year. today was lj's johnny vs bama game. now clear heisman fav
listen to the latest episode of as i was joined by to talk , his career &amp; more!
besides not editing the part jennings wanted edited....the telephone ringing and ac turning on, they need to put u in a studio!
i found out that there was a mistake and my healthcare provider is in-network after all so i don't have to find a new doctor!
this is a very american tweet
joy division tee plus the gloria bra is
i would sort of be happy just living in that combo, honestly
he will never be wack lol, he wrote basically all of jim jones hits when he was hot except for ballin.
he actually wrote ballin.
hype to see and the play tomorrow for the first time! let's go saints!
bet drewbrees favs this
there are a few people i'd like to nominate to read ch 3..."you are not special" of the subtle art of not giving a f*ck.
as usual is spot on. particularly for, like, half the people i meet in san francisco...sadly.
recently there's been drama and i'm not sure if it's anyone around me but even if you dislike someone please do not send death threats.
what happened? i can't imagine people being nasty to you you're so nice ;;;;;
the struggle is real.
i succeeded. and the buffalo chicken wrap was perfect.
laying here in so much pain right
are you ok ronnette told me what happened thats crazy
. it's such an extreme dystopia to use for comparison, except metaphorically; today you couldn't...
. ...just give the financial power from the half of the population id'd as female to the nearest male.
another tip: don't recruit people based on their individual ambition; look for alignment to mission. similar to in htaht.
hilarious growth hacking for pinterest by : load on all the computers in apple store.
saw ad at the movies featuring , and me, and all went, "ben ramaeka!!" in unison
i heard you!
louisville bout to drop the term "signature win" on this game.
lamar jackson and the birds are about to be appointment tv.
yup. also i'm inclined to believe her?
. trump to maureen dowd: violence adds a soupon of excitement at my rallies. soupon, his word?
the most impressive part was in 3 clicks i downloaded the app and was watching. no sign in, no pay wall, i was watching what i wanted.
dear parents at the park, put your phones away and pay attention to your kids. (posted after i left the park)
can't wait until it's more than a $500 player and 40 weird action movie titles
netflix originals are so far the best demo of 4k content i've seen yet, though.
c will be at that stage soon enough. (it starts at around 2.)
i'm not the most even-tempered person alive and will have only myself to blame for that, too :-/ can't wait!
bracing for the saturday afternoon ikea experience
stay on target.
well, you might get away with a camera and a cnn for pose detection for the body position.
why not all of them? the more data the better, no? unless we're talking budgeting and not anonymous
it is possible they could lose havent watched it, enjoying this ass beating fsu taking right now
yeah i watched the first half of that game
listen to the latest episode of as i was joined by to talk , his career &amp; more!
still waiting for ewing interview. you promised me that 6-7 years ago time flies
i believe that qualifies as more than one yard
next big game will be at clemson in 2wks. gotta worry a little about letdown next week at marshall.
director grover norquist, ex-lobbyist for apartheid
really if u think about it the board it's deplorables-r-us.
character matters. her victory in november is necessary but awful.
a true accounting of 's character a good deal more complex than can be accomplished in 140.
. i like my saturdays justly. got my no.'s fanatics now instead? cotton_mouth slurs on deck
if ya cro$$ me in person, ya see i'd help instead, but belongs in all our heads
for those asking why the iphone upgrade program is bullshit: someone print that out for phil, drop it on his desk.
re: point 5, i'm almost positive you can upgrade after 6 months, you still have to make the equivalent of 12 payments.
woodshed. reminds me of the 01 unc game. just futile football.
. was trying to think of a good comp. wake in 2006 came to mind. but, this is definitely the best one.
see take on testing 3 exercise classes to get moving with osteoarthritis
tysm my friend!
check out my completely redesigned website and sign up for email to get notices on when i'm coming to your city!
miss seeing you on agt your so great. hugs to you kiddo
just posted a 8.88 km run - very early oracle loop. pretty dark. almost fell twice due to uneven surface.
you have planned your visit to america very well!
we're making great strides in drone selfie technology, what a time to be alive
i'm using telekinesis and a toy helicopter these days, you?
see, it's like if you never knew mickey mouse and you suddenly saw these images of him. false conclusion.
"racist mouse and duck. when will it end." -
i'm hella excited to see my best friend again.
im impatient so this wait is difficult for me
this is irrelevant
how can you even love someone if you don't know their politic views this makes no sense
--- and then her companion was like, "people have been racially profiled and murdered by police. you're not edgy." daaaayummm
and the lady kept trying to explain, "well, i got stopped for a broken tail light. it was so stupid!" and kept laughing--
anything lost can be found again except for time wasted. a vision with out action is merely a dream - kevin gates
was my original first tattoo idea
. ...just give the financial power from the half of the population id'd as female to the nearest male.
. i mean, electronically, it's easier than ever, but practically, i just don't see why it'd be done.
how? they've been trying ever since he came down that escalator.
they have???
: pipe bomb explodes at jersey shore, area evacuated. stay with for updates
this is disgusting , people are sick
god bless the . using "lie" putting it on a1 and making it -- an "analysis" -- the lead story.
the mexican owned ny times......
he gotta run for the governors office lol
he a felon brah, its a dub lol
cowboy bob entertained and inspired children in indiana for generations. rip "cowboy bob" glaze, you were a true indiana original
cowboy bebop?
it's been 10 years since i threw a party..
i'll bring some henny!
has at least 2 apartheid fans on its board of directors
and the &amp; take all that $$$ ewwwww!
im wonder how trump supporters who bought into his birtherism feel now that he confessed he lied to them. or do they think he's lying now?
when did he confess to a lie your post is a complete lie. thats why u are an asshole &amp; he will be our next president. loser
sounds like you'll just have to get used to the change on the next one. apple doesn't make these changes on a whim.
from what it sounds like there's no button at all next year, which is far better
this is not a man who is fit to command our military and our nuclear arsenal
threatens war with russia b/c she's crazy!
lovely serendipitous moments on twitter
i love this so much rn.
2016 heisman trophy race: lamar jackson everyone else.
the scary part is louisville still has marshall, duke, virginia, wake forest &amp; kentucky on the schedule. lamar jackson might score 60 tds.
you rock, virgilia!
this makes me smile each time i see if!
they'll still probably win the game, but that won't stop them from being the least entertaining team in the world
we're watching real football at shorty's if you want to join
i think rabbits are dumb.
most animals are. but they can also be very cute.
seriously nate, you mean you really don't understand why so many people don't like hillary clinton?
i'm sure he does as he's a data guy. his tweet is a call to clintons team to correct course.
especially to those of us that knew this was in the works before the season started. which you have pointed out.
but would he have gone if okc had won wcf?
just embrace the stoke
constantly.
they have???
jim treacher-u r a trumpeteer? blocked
let's talk formative years. 1. what got you out to ultimate? 2. what kept you coming back?
1( my highschool ap history teacher was featured prominently in "i bleed black". 2) practice was open to everyone.
hey just saw this in a store...why do i think k would be all over this?
it's velvet naturally!
if you love (insert deities name here) you will be saved &amp; live forever.
nt: mass murderer accepts apologies now.
for those asking why the iphone upgrade program is bullshit: someone print that out for phil, drop it on his desk.
i got my 6s plus in october, i just had to make one more payment (12th) and i was good.
we 2-0 i don't talk to losers go gators
when was the last time uf beat fsu? are you missing chromosomes or huffing turpentine?
dear parents at the park, put your phones away and pay attention to your kids. (posted after i left the park)
. were they at least taking pictures of their kids? was it an iphone? these are the real important questions of the day.
. i mean, electronically, it's easier than ever, but practically, i just don't see why it'd be done.
. the bad news is that that's my only nitpick; the other aspects could probably still happen today.
a promotional day dc entertainment started a few years ago, now apparently annual. (there was a superman day earlier this year.)
it's ridiculous if you ask me (and nobody did, sadly)
oh dear, the "i don't like your story because of x why did you write about x" brigade is out. pass the vodka! the bottle please x
oh my god. those people... i am so sorry!
what area do you live in? we'll put in a good word with our real estate team!
san ramon, california!!! but one in like dublin or pleasanton would be great too!
powerful article written by on
thanks for sharing tracy!
wistful kim jong-un stumbles onto childhood drawings he made of nuclear attacks on west
he's so cute right after he gets his haircut.
bummed to just find out pepe is being used as a symbol for the altright. matt furie prob. nonplussed.
as hxrdcxre boy's club zine fan this shit made me sooooooo heated
when your friends say they won't vote, ask how much student debt they have. there's only one candidate who will make college affordable.
that was you, not crooked hillary.
it's as seen through the lens of a car windshield.
completely nuts we *never* see mayor on a bike-even for photo ops. he has zero desire to learn
lol @ the 'circa 98 lenny kravitz' thing
lol smh it true
son i forgot smh
really ? lol
on this, the occasion of my half-birthday, i heartily appreciate all of your congrats and ulations
but keep your ululations to yourself
rumors going around your gay, very true
so your against gays now?
just once i want to shop on amazon without accidentally finding something depressing
look, they just forgot who they are, not how to work a trash can, ok?
"nah i'm good" as i chainsmoke an entire pack of cigs in under a half hour !!!!!!!!!
i'm gonna take those away from you
have you noticed i live in new york now? stop spitting on the graves of putin's victims with your dictator worship.
sorry about this, mr. kasparov. visit california anytime.
exactly the question is how do we get everyone to join in ??
idk the best bet is to post a text post explaining and hope it gets retweets and maybe make a deadline to organize it a bit?
this is why i never smile
i'm not actually laughing at your smile but i am laughing
. defensive assistant clarence brooks passes away:
my deepest sympathies to his family and the entire ravens community.
these people are ruining my chill.
is this woodsy king of the hill? what are they doing!?
next big game will be at clemson in 2wks. gotta worry a little about letdown next week at marshall.
have outgained fsu 507-173 so far
ok sorry dad
don't call me that
hello scott, that doesn't sound right. dm us your sonic account info and i'll get this fixed.
thank you so much for all of your help! excellent customer service all around!
can't wait to go to again.
i wish i was there rn
and you get to see beyonc
yea that too lol :))) best day evaaa
at china's shibaozhai temple, you'll find 12 stories of magnificence. enj...
your cruises sound amazing. my readers would love to hear how accessible cruising is!
getting my bronte first edition
it's such a great exhibit, right?! loved it!
my theory of the case is that the media is huge and a lot of it is shitting on trump all the time
what you don't get is that this is a positive for his electorate. media flat-footed vs. this jiu jitsu.
if ya cro$$ me in person, ya see i'd help instead, but belongs in all our heads
teach 3, three languages!!! mute your ethnic quest. earth &amp; moons
yay for more colors!!
thanks pete! what's your favorite?
trump can flip-flop on any issue. as long as the majority of his supporters believe he's still a bigot --- all good.
you are more of a bigot than he is. oh, i forgot calling him a bigot was in crooked hillary's memo. obedient. nice
. looking forward to having you join us!
am at 1st unitarian church, but it seems locked? did i miss y'all?
i find it interesting the ad copy mentions "high abv" first among descriptors, before "unmatched in flavor."
i noticed that, too. including it at all in the copy seems borderline irresponsible.
sure, but islam is the worst of he bunch.
following the cubs is worse.
excited for our mommy and me photo shoot with this morning
1.5hr train early this morning, but was worth it. thx and your daughter for making the shoot go smoothly
you been reading that piece about cats this week, huh?
i wasn't but it will be a nice vacation from
completely nuts we *never* see mayor on a bike-even for photo ops. he has zero desire to learn
esp because it's given for mayors elsewhere to jump on a bike when they pay bike infra lip service
it will. these were people from universities, not independent researchers, but i think reviewers sometime assume everyone is us :)
i like the optimistic tone to the story !i have nightmares where all these things data/papers/onlinelectures 1 day disappear
yo these kids have families
might be the best meme on the web
mypov: there's more to it but study the marketing strategy. it's pretty smart or dumb luck. you decide.
the media strategy is genius. and that should embarrass many in the media.
what did he eat though
we needa eat whatever he ate haha
what the mainstream media won't show you --- protest in north dakota over the pipeline.
hey i just saw this photo on facebook and they said this is not standing rock, actually woodstock in the 60's.
you had to look up to see this ... spent some time trying to capture it.
i took a lot of pictures of those in montreal. fell in love with that place.
i can't wait until rhobh its going to be even more fun with you guys!sb mother-in-law story is gonna be great!
ohhh i don't know, beverly hills get my blood boiling.
the entire sport is built on pillars of money, swine and know-nothing liars. your bemusement is touching.
thank you mr. ratto.
patriots fans and players hate to lose but they don't go on and on like this. hoodie says "onto" whoever and moves on
hoodie still cracks me up
dopeee, i remember as a little kid my parents would blast man on the cassetes, those were the days
bro hell yeah, big reason why i buy cassettes still lmao
want to feel old? the previous iphone had a headphone jack
.. you want to feel old? remember that time you owned a blackberry with a design sensibility so bad it was morally offensive.
looks like might drive round the twist on at 9pm!
oh you know... rylan just being rylan
he's not official, yet, pending other feline approval, but such a great wtf attitude. and those spots.
ahhh! more pics please! he's a beauty!
san diego is still in california
exactly, but i'm moving out of california to san diego. opposite sides of the unit circle, duh
they don't care.they think he got one over on the critics by saying hc started it &amp; he finished. if lying,they don't care.
she was in it up to her neck. there is plenty of proof out their. open your mind &amp; do some research
ppl suddenly think im in love with brandon, he wishes i was
and you are :/
high key make up be so on point
thank you so much!!
are great ideas
awesome chick
yep, we'll just keep rolling along
we did it last season, we'll do it again this season
rough end to the half for the lords.
i am going to throw something through my tv soon here i feel you
happy birthday to my brother !!!! man live it up today. stay awesome bro!
much love bro
dolllls
thanks babbyyyy
me too - i have heard about it but what is it??
don't mind us, we are just in here having fun! problem solving, collaborating and learning.
tattoo of me
came here to say that
assuming a vote for stein is a vote for trump is ignorant. that ignorance forms the base of her argument. results are specious.
yea i didn't particularly agree with that angle. but the reality is that those voter could care less.
did you take the over? lol
parlayed it with the michigan/colorado over
where are some good places to shop in nyc &amp; eat?!
channel your inner gossip girl and head to butter!
haha no i read they are picking up right where they left off and letting bernie have a long pregnancy:(
omg she's gonna be pregnant for like 2 years
agree or disagree - 10 things all men should leave behind before they turn 30?..
life is short. humans will perish no matter what.
it sounds like the latest pcalc beta build is working ok on the iphone 7 plus! i'm now avoiding an animation that was spiking memory usage.
prolly missed a tweet or so but what was the fix...?
it's a global economy. doesn't make a difference which banks give loans
blackmail is a possibility when information is hidden. oligarchs to trump, take this action or we will bankrupt you
after a decade of internal debate i've finally settled on a name for my non-existent dog. must be time to cop.
dude, that's been mine since age 14 when i used to ride the t. it would have to be scruffy, though.
for anyone playing along at home, the lost rewatch has reached s3, e18.
damn, isn't the next episode that episode?!
i thought she had a girlfriend?
yeah. she left her bf for a chick, right? and well, taylor lautner.....
just saw ur profile header. also the chillest. 'specially toby. captain of the chill squad.
i slightly resemble spinner
i got to see your show yesterday! so good!
awesome! thanks so much for stopping in!
"i've never met this wife of yours but she wants lube" mom you've seen her.. "is that the girl in your phone"
i can never meet her she saw too much
i just ate the best burrito of my life. which is saying something bc i'm made of burritos.
i need proof
according to facebook, all the madison/park/5th avenue kids i vaguely knew growing up were at burning man this year. it must really suck.
dude, the winklevi go there
i feel like i'm still next to you in spanish you stay retweeting . thank you
oh my god those were the days
thank you for reading my essay
and thank you for being so awesome!
cheat days are for pussies.
i ain't no pussy tho i still in enjoy my food just smaller portions
hilarious growth hacking for pinterest by : load on all the computers in apple store.
"great startup employees don't want a guarantee of success, they want a guarantee of an adventure."
at&amp;t park is my happy place. yesterday's giants game when we demolished the cardinals. let's sweep them today!!
you were there?!
gotta stock up for the drought
lol...so many people are going to wonder why i'm a 1st time visitor on my expiration date.
also when a bunch of guys tried to steal 's composites last night i took them and hung them all back up... sweetheart or mom? idk
a bunch of guys tried stealing them? lmao what
he'll have a triple goober sunrise, and make it a double.
netflix are fucking goobers for taking out patch adams from the queue. put it back you shitstains
what you don't get is that this is a positive for his electorate. media flat-footed vs. this jiu jitsu.
as a result, media has allowed itself to be used like a rented mule. he's riding you to the white house.
trump's sons -- true chips off the old block. especially donald jr. is racism inherited or characterological or both?
taught mostly
he didn't, i'll pull out the facts.
he did. they never gave him the credit for it, hence why the beef started. everyone knows this, brother.
it's a global economy. doesn't make a difference which banks give loans
it's a very simple concept.
consider it
haha! i screwed that up but i definitely don't mind !
we really need to lose about half of our e-fanbase
i hate this twitter generation. twitter comes about just as bobby leaves, begat a bunch of fairweather and dumb fans.
geeks of color! panel: meetup
ahh thanks again for all of these links! nycc planning through the website can get mega overwhelming
when you've been travelling, it's important to try the local delicacies.
i think i just threw up in my mouth a little.
trump retweets article calling him a liar and a stunt queen. needy trump only hears: "best liar &amp; best stunt queen!"
always a great idea to vote for the best trickster to be potus. dishonest abe lincoln famous for punking people.
dear parents at the park, put your phones away and pay attention to your kids. (posted after i left the park)
w/o that last line the internet would have exploded
so wwe doesn't consider tna a threat but they want to buy the company!! sorry it's not gonna happen!! !
i think they do that partially for the obvious talent but to also get rid of the company so options are limited again
i am using your visage to attract more people.
that's a bold strategy, kind of like punting on the first down.
the usa only country where the less well off r tricked into voting against their interests.
for the sake of social issues: bigotry, racism/xenophobia, guns, millions of americans vote against their own economic interests
wow: 450 kids raring to program. i'm interviewing them for . smart, but also just regular kids!
excellent, let me know if you'd like to connect and learn more about our involvement!
who is ? learn more about the people's sheriff
an incredible life of learning accomplishment as an 'all american role model'
have a great time girls
thanks babe
best and worst thing about all this vo in legion, finding out i've mispronounced so many things for so long!
as someone who reads a lot, i'm more or less used to that.
nickle is a coin nickel is an element.
nickle is not a coin. show me anything that says nickle is a coin and nickel is the element.
where are some good places to shop in nyc &amp; eat?!
or go to jekyll and hyde for dinner and a fun time
i feel weirdly strongly about this considering the time i have actually spent with rabbits.
my friend has a bunny named rorschach and he is very nice and floofy.
can't wait to see bette midler in hello, dolly!, which was the first musical i did in high school.
now we just need revivals of something's afoot and beehive
agree or disagree - 10 things all men should leave behind before they turn 30?..
disagree 100% life is meant to be lived to its fullest
the allen folks are probably too busy enjoying decent coffee and culture.
. perhaps. but they are near enough the factory -- dreamliner pull, anyone?
oh hell yeah, that would make sense, with him now in s4 of agents of shield
curious if we get blade, strange, and a few other marvel mystic knights.
why? you was on jv all 4 years
.... do all the people jay liked your tweet really think i was on jv?!
might do a qna would anyone be down for that?
alright i guess i will
i think they do that partially for the obvious talent but to also get rid of the company so options are limited again
seems to me whenever fans talk about a company or a wrestler male or female they want to get em
can't wait to get home next week to try these out. and pat, thanks for the reference. ;-)
i've got one here for you if you make your way around to the media centre!
i missed momo sm and i didn't even realize it till rn
i missed you too!!! send me our pics or post them so i can save!!
cheat days are for pussies.
what are you eating nowadays are u free later today to come to bk
my wife and i were married 10 years ago today. we are celebrating here:
more like culture of winning
apropos of nothing, can one brand/customize a can of spam?
. one branded can of spam!
there are times when i think regulated utilities have a constructive role in our energy system. this is not one of those times.
on the plus side southern spends almost 1/3 of r&amp;d of all utilities.
i think i see
i see you gentlemen are having too much fun with this
my head is spinning after meeting
thanks for the !
at remembrance project luncheon, trump misleads on benefits ie. social security for undocumented immigrants:
merely misleading? trump must be slipping.
yay my judgment is in tact. glad we agree
feels like one of those knock off demo units
keep dreaming in color and drawing your dreams on cement floors until they are realized
i'm disabled my thumb killing me ur tweet came i was putting color pencils away &amp; coloring book ur beauftiful!
when going feastmode goes too far
actually tho
the handmaid's tale is a good book, not just for someone who's interested in feminism. it's really easy to identify with the protagonist, ...
...a young woman who has been forcibly separated from her previous life and enslaved under a bizarre post-apocalyptic christian theocracy.
one begets two, two begets three, three begets everything
i'd like a one baguette, please.
you lunatic. how could you not?? my biggest regret was that i didn't eat every meal at la taqueria - i love that place
yah what can you do. could still get one but i've learned not to have food like that before a long flight :)
happy saturday lovers!!
happy saturday
not so much a fix as a long series of workarounds to bring down memory usage. definitely something screwy going on on 7+.
ah, roger that
no way. wtfffffffff to both
yeah dude i remember when they were just 5 pesos
i don't have a problem with it (dc/wb's bat-obsession aside). but not sure why in september (vs may, per 'tec )?
that's my problem. it seems arbitrary. if it was to mark an anniversary, okay. but this just seems crass commercialism.
schedule for today: 11am 1:45 3:45-6:20 7pm 10:30
looks like the ticket buying part of the site is down? or is there something special for balboacon?
child my bedroom been clean, i ain't having premarital sex up in my apartment
ok, not in your apartment but what about them hotel rooms?
super transformation . keep it up sir.
now we feel that really somebody is there to listen common man's problems. .
is 's contributor, cupcake.
"cupcake" - are you flirting with me? i don't roll that way - but thanks for the attention.
booth is ready to go! 1 more hour!
this almost looks like a setup!
especially bc declining trust in media is partly about people being annoyed that "traditional" outlets confirm their priors insufficiently.
and partly the fact that 'traditional' outlets are delivering false equivalency daily.
100% agree paterno should not be honored and football wins do not matter one bit here
how many recruits look at a ceremony like this and say, "i don't want to be associated with these idiots!"
sorry for your experience. please follow and dm if we can assist.
thanks! i called the virgin america sfo lost and found, just waiting in my call back.
no way. wtfffffffff to both
i was hella shook when i found out dolar broke it i was lowkey heartbroken i loved watching the guys play lol
cuba has a garlic festival and an alpaca festival!? this is nuts
say hi to my fam when ur there!
in honor of , i have played a bunch of arkham origins. it's not as good as asylum or city, but it doesn't deserve the bad rap.
great games! haven't had time to play arkham knight at all yet. i'm a completionist so gotta get on that
what do you mean patients pay doctors here what why
the ~free market~ where you are ~free to die if you are poor~
which gods are you trying to get diamond this weekend ?
who do you suggest?
and it's not like alabama power has the wealthiest ratepayers to start with.
how do al rates compare nationally? or with tva?
finally my notifications are at peace
be honest you like all the attention!
yes, i legit googled yahoo, but i was trying to get the wifi captive portal to show up :d
i use for that. that's about the only use of that website i can think of that's not evil. :)
i asked about sending in a ticket and was told they sometimes take a year or longer to respond so.........rip me
what why...
she's correct. i'm also triggered but 100% here for this
pregame the damian lazarus rave
as far as i know, yes :) i was 100% hands off with it... so i never followed up after i got paid, haha.
nice, i am going to recommend it to some of my peeps! ty taking a look at your course now, looks like a wise investment.
...a young woman who has been forcibly separated from her previous life and enslaved under a bizarre post-apocalyptic christian theocracy.
it's relevant today, and an even better time capsule of the kinds of gender wars that were being fought in 1985, when it was written.
oh its fucking lit
we're never leaving your place during the winter it's over
its soooooo weird and comic-booky
i know! i had to look up what retcon is and everything.
no one won the ipad this week. try harder guys
getting three laptops to listen in at once just to boost my ipad chances
good god damn this is useful
right??? i can't believe i made so many games with gross text
notes that it's brave for pharma to engage with patients in co-design. do you agree, disagree? discuss!
brave, but also long overdue
girl its my birthday if you don't come we're fighting
girrrrrrl im dying with you
bruh i don't remember what you taught me
yeah, you had no problem reminding me on a daily basis.
i need new rain boots. should i buy hunters again or something new? what's hip in rain boot world lol...
has some nice ones
they seem to enjoy taking "album cover" pics.
!!! black cats are my weakness!
all the mesoamerican mythology usage on dusk is marvelous, thank you
was skeptical about this at first. but mythology beyond the film franchise has made the series fun to watch.
just discovered you! im a huge erasure fan been waiting for someone to carry on their amazing pop torch! love it all! xo
welcome aboard!
thank you for signal boosting the fact that i come correct in overwatch
i've passed over a few other potential retweets about the event but this news pushed it over the edge
not following any new rhobh housewives till show starts lol dont wanna get myself in a mess before then!
it is going to be different this season with the new people. hope i like it.
i use for that. that's about the only use of that website i can think of that's not evil. :)
great idea. i should look at that. i think yahoo recently added hsts
people should spend less time contemplating why trump is so popular (because he isn't) and more on why clinton is so unpopular.
. 1. sexism/double standards. 2. third term election. 3. effective right wing propaganda + incompetent media crapfest.
i didn't know you had me on twitter lol. i haven't spoken to you in the longest dude.
lol deadass, since i got the boot from jeff, how u been?
lmaoooo i'm glad. they said "he was cool." my dad says "i like his sleeves"
oh my god. will they adopt me?
it's relevant today, and an even better time capsule of the kinds of gender wars that were being fought in 1985, when it was written.
the author's canadian, fwiw. the book's about a theocratic usa. without spoiling the plot, the leaders are very donald trump-like.
he's playin like a video game create a character
man amongst boys...and i didn't realize that he was playing florida state!!
trump supporters: your candidate tried to take a woman's house from her, against her will, for a casino parking lot. why do you trust him?
because they identify with trump and envision themselves on his side, rather than the woman
it's lit, what did you mix on
my mix ? ddj sb
i'm compiling my references for a class and have a few but not sure where to look for more!
can send more if there's a need--those are old classics.
there are certain types of dementia that cause hyperphagy. grandma digging through the garbage eating coffee grounds.
til! also if you look up anything diaper-related, you get adult plus children reviews of course.
we need more people like this
we need more people going places saying fuck hillary clinton
but you know my home system
mhmm, def. want to run expansion with somebody at least lol
i have a nice ass camera but no charger pack for the battery smh i lost it
what kind you got?
nice will be great to see you guys. am heading back from canada today, might have to pick one up!! exchange rate is a beast.
not that better in canada
trust me, the deep state blackmails hillary using her deleted 30,000 emails
whenever you trump folks are losing an argument you go back to the faux email controversy, laughable and sad. lol
stanford stadium will be today. limited tickets remain for .
the chat feature isn't working?
balin does a new thing now,he bumps his butt against my chair when he wants me to scratch the point on his back where his tail &amp; back meet.
he has me so well trained.
happy birthday beautiful!
thank you girly!
idk about this cause i've somehow managed to gain weight
it makes a lot of people lose weight though
i hope never does a chrome red helmet. looks like a cheap glass christmas ornament.
this is my exact feeling on all chrome. i love chrome accents, but full chrome doesn't do it for me.
seems like a similar story w/john paulson and everyone chasing "the next subprime"
big difference is druk/soros great traders w/ long careers of excellence and successful disciples. jp had a single great trade
i've always wondered why people make race jokes about mayonnaise when we all know miracle whip is truly the problematic condiment.
you've gone off the rails here bren
i sneeze in class, fucking silence. hot girl sneezes, everyone even the professor says bless you. fuck me i guess i don't deserve the lord.
this tweet validated my decision to follow you
first joint of the day
pass the dube to the left hand side
well that too.
i can attest to that
maybe one of the best pictures from the wwe/ovw era. those were some crazy times.
that beard and loose shirt combo really made you look quite big
because they identify with trump and envision themselves on his side, rather than the woman
his message to voters is "i will screw all of my opponents the same way i have screwed everyone else who crossed my path".
*more than once
does more than once remove the "alleged" status?
maybe don't get the airpods
or return the iphone?
we play them next week
bro i'm watching it on espn watch and they are crushing them in every way possible bro omg and just picked it again
only gonna be 3-5 minutes each ... smh. the ultimate blow
pokemon has been getting on my nerves lately
at this point i'm just kinda looking up every once in a while to see what's happening. the tattoo episode broke me.
yeah, that one is infamously bad.
the flipagram i've been trying to make deleted itself 5 times i'm gonna scream
it wouldnt let me post a flipagram today too bc the copy content omg
didn't think $60 of chinese would be a lot of food but it is and we need help eating it
bro that's $60 in food, of course it's gonna be a shit ton
nah bro. copped on their website
i tried to cop on that eastbay restock, but you know, so was everyone else.
my laptop programs won't read my mixer so i can't record shit anymore :(
damn that sucks im upgrading laptops soon
. corollary; a neoclassical plantation house can have negative conotations to descendants of enslaved. associations matter more.
. 1) two wrongs don't make a right. 2) "more important" than what? 3) you're saying traditional architecture is immoral?
when you finally get fully vaccinated &amp; licensed so you can go to the bar patio and let your parents drink
the dog has autism now
hope to get at least 5 more years of great hidden prices using analytics as the old guard clings to that notion.
u could have all the info u want it o my helps so much a lot of it is luck
so i only have access to my main and my lab account....:(
ohhh...yeah same...i cant remember two of the account bdays either rip...
i believe that qualifies as more than one yard
wow, what a td that was. 63-10!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy ! this nov let's elect , a president who will uphold our constitution
this is laughable. don't you mean, we will beholden to herr trump? i can just see it trump, pence, christie and giuliani..
impressive win for north dakota st but in terms of the spread it won't even be the biggest upset of the day
"one of the biggest upsets in fbs/fcs history"
i'm gonna get a stick n poke tattoo that says 305
i wanna get maverdick on the side of my neck
taking over the snapchat and insta stories today leading up to follow at armadamusichq on snap
are you guys looking to party beforehand or what?
yeah i was there! durant did the first throw, it was star trek night at the stadium, and we beat the cardinals it was a great game!
i know i missed his pitch i was there too but we left like 8th inning cause they were killing them
6.50 for a box of coco pops..... holy shit they have seriously inflated
and they mostly air.
the one bopping with the drink in his hand is me
i'm the one texting
it's mid september. no debates yet. relax. and if you think trump's so bad then there's an obvious choice.
outside the issue of any candidate, whomsoever, the dems may have proffered, there's...
it was last night???
noooo it's next week friday lmao
..about the russian owned candidate.
listen to yourself...
this is how i say i love you
never mind i hate this bitch
who gives a fuck
i'm heartbroken that, in the 21st century, there is still a need to protest institutional racism. white privilege.
crayon to try to clean off of a couch. oh, i took out the trash, too, and cleaned off the trash cans. i feel super productive.
good luck with the crayons ;^}
still waiting on someone to make this artists app
how would the computer judge decency? if its self report we could easily lie to the app - if its external then fans could just
i'm trying to figure out why there aren't more "regular" size servings with just 10mg of thc.
that's so weird. they're usually the first thing dispensaries recommend.
wish i was there. weekend off in socal. street circuit karting event in lancaster, ca next weekend, then back home to ont.
darn it! oh, well. don't think i'll have a hard time pawning it off so i don't have to carry it home. enjoy the time off!
mlg/umg should host a bo2 event
it's never going to happen
i get people don't like clinton. i'm certainly no frothing fanboy. however--
--when people say that trump support is so high bc people fear what clinton will do in office i want to scream.
my acne is high school was really tragic. the only change i made was water over everything.
a glow up! i live sis
as good as the louisville offense has been, the defense has been even better. incredible performance by the cards so far.
hearns, fields, and kelsey. sound like a law firm.
how would the computer judge decency? if its self report we could easily lie to the app - if its external then fans could just
extort creators out of more art by simply ignoring new content
i know they're super tough
they deserve that ranking fsu has, never seen a jump that high but they do
our gov can't even figure out a way to provide for it's own people yet can promise $38 billion to another country? absolutely insane.
and folks still can't figure out why the country is so divided
week after week the vols have a slow start. it will catch up to them at some point.
florida most likely.
care to back up your claim
, will the ap do?
sorry other vcs, &amp; got the onesie game on
bring your kid to work day. if they vomit on the term sheet, it's a sign.
check out this pats week one win spoof video. so funny.
hilarious! i particularly like the last statement
i got it too man , they kicked me out &amp; sent my ass to hillcrest but i've been pretty good tho hbu?
lmfao fuckin ojeda, and thats good i see u and your girl on my tl all the time thats wassup and shit, im on my usual.
is gary sanchez's bat too valuable to leave at catcher long term?
absolutely. 's future is at 1b if the yankees have any sense.
lmaoooo i just peeped that like wait it ain't the 23rd yet
lmaoooo better hurry and get those early bird tickets before they run out.
pence releases letter from doctor indicating good health
overweight by too much muscle right? i mean the index works that way... seriously. you dont know science !
i'm going to a ny powershell meetup next week to learn about using powershell to defend against attacks:
aw, man. that looked amazing! wish i saw your tweet sooner.
thank you for great suggestions! am @ library atm with a couple wp faves: on writing &amp; bird by bird. thought i could use more
you go, grad student! i'm proud of you!
to a cat or a dog or some other pet that is a bit livelier with a discernible personality
cats are a lot more needy than rabbits. but yeah i agree rabbits do a lot less... stuff.
outside the issue of any candidate, whomsoever, the dems may have proffered, there's...
...an evil chauncey gardener aspect to trump to be feared. he's some sort of savant in the most worrisome and demonic sense.
the man has no self control.
he can't help himself. thin skinned trump can't handle any criticism and goes on attack.
aye chill out boy
lol the u still wont beat nobody
they have a booth!? is he the gamblino garlic man!?
haha yes dude. that's my grandpa and al my uncles. my dad may be there too
how do al rates compare nationally? or with tva?
southern had some of the highest de-co2 rates in the last 10 yrs. most innovative old school util.
we know pictures are important. how many images do you expect to be on your phone? had you restored everything from icloud?
~5,000 photos. 7gb per icloud in settings. last backed up right before transferring service from 6 to 7 yesterday afternoon
here's my colleague, measuring performance in miles per sunburn.
fortunately it is foggy in san francisco
they doin this against bama?
ya... their defense would tear up bamas freshmen qb and you already know they are putting up at least 28 points. =win
robert levinson's family hopes high-level meetings will spur efforts to find him
soooooo he's a child rapist? fuck that guy.. wolf stomach acid dissolve that scum just fine.. forget his ass.
a lost to city and a europa league lost and already the "i didn't want mourinho in the fast place " and klopp/pochettino fans out in force
pathetic, absolutely pathetic
imo grailed is awful for selling but great for buying. you get the guy that's fed up with lowballs that will finally take one
ebay or grailed?
i can see that. i'm still not sold with lamar's passing. 54.7% last year. 59.7 this year. it's getting there though
jackson has thrown the 5th most 20-yard passes (air yards) in all of power 5. he has the highest total qbr (96.4) in all of fbs.
let me tell you something, . my dad is the only person who ever told me that .
i'm always looking for 's way of letting us know, is &amp; .
or are you barking the wrong tree today ..?
i always am, this ain't nothing new
this made me laugh so hard
i really need to work on how i word my sentences
so there is no gatekeeping. if there's demand for some content and you refuse to make it, someone else will.
if demand is for false equivalence, in the face of 1 candidate's malicious, malignant, dangerous daily lies, let someone else do it.
another example of trump's .
daily proven lowlifes!
thanks! we're always working to improve your travel experience.
that impressive! usually can barely check email. you even got a tweet too?! who is this new modern ?!
friday-hug to all friends...
hoping d has a lot of hugs to go around today.
~5,000 photos. 7gb per icloud in settings. last backed up right before transferring service from 6 to 7 yesterday afternoon
know it takes time for photos to show up from cloud, but no reason why after 9 hrs phone locked + wifi connection = no photos
just a note to say thanks and
thank you sir
long island bagels and nyc bagels suck compared to new jersey bagels. and long island just sucks in general.
so you're saying the only bagels that dont suck are from jersey? what if youve never been to jersey? &amp; shit bagels are all you know?
oh wait. i blew it. i really screwed up this interaction. boil it down to: patrick kane is likely scum
lol. i was just telling my husband how he wasn't allowed to go back to buffalo during the offseason because of his shenanigans.
"let yourself be drawn by the strange pull of what you really love." rumi
i was allowed to study geology and physical anthropology but the deal was i'd also have to do education courses.girls werent
so disappointed to be mislabeled as my castmate-- who wasn't even there last night. what's up w that ??
sadly, some still believe we all look alike.
"the youngs and lefties, who are irrelevant and powerless, are solely responsible for our deeply unpopular candidate inexplicably losing"
leftists: if we don't overthrow the system smth rly bad is gonna happen! every1 else: this is ur fault why didn't u warn us!?
crazy maureen dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing , pretends she knows me well--wrong!
interesting, bcs i saw her on megyn kelly&amp; she sounded as if she's an"advisor of protocol"
live look to my broadcast partner ...
my uncle went to ndsu. now i will never hear the end of this
your team struggled against the last ranked team i cfb and has a qb on his third school
what's going on right now though ? i just woke up
if buttholes looked like googly eyes, porn would be a lot different.
the world* would be a lot different
happy ! this nov let's elect , a president who will uphold our constitution
if trump is sworn in he will place his hand on hitler's mein kampf.
down 63-10 to louisville, no. 2 florida state will plummet in the top-25 poll. but how far? to no. 10? no. 20? out altogether? my guess: 18
they "should" be out all together.
pel: "messi or cr7? in last 10-15 years, i think messi is the player who was the most consistent all those years."
yes agreed also different era
t.g.i.f! wonderful day to all fans!
you have the right idea sonia
--when people say that trump support is so high bc people fear what clinton will do in office i want to scream.
that's like saying i'd chew on broken glass over eating bread because it's gluten-free.
raider nation ....one more day kickoff baby..
thanks for the love!
well, twitter won't let me post photos but have fun in college friend you will be missed a lot
thank you riley i'll miss you equally if not more
cnn just now re trump: "in his defense, he has not incited any violence." we do not know until it is too late.
how about yanking your head out of your ass?
los angeles i'll see you tonight!!! going to be a night to remember grab your tickets now:
have an amazing show tonight!
picking a winner for this in 1 hour! follow my insta 'omfgg.nathan' for an extra entry
okay but i'm already following please
eternal sonata was out today in north america in 2007. an alternate history story of frdric chopin's final moments
it was. it was a beautiful love letter of his last moment. games need to go back to that
louisville line wouldnt be able to block bama.. and the speed bama has is unreal
let just say it would be a good game.
it's a term of condescension. i apply it equally to men and to women.
you're disappointed. i'm sorry. stick to it - maybe you'll get lucky.
: desperate to dump as many sharia adherents dirtbags on america as possible before he leaves office
i've said time and again that obama's last hurrah will be a disaster and it is.
biggest lesson learned from debate? turns out an empty chair provides just as much clarity on the issues as
typical posturing by a political operative whose facts are clouded by ambition. integrity matters.
how do al rates compare nationally? or with tva?
we should be ok with de-carb, innovation and reasonable rates.
except for the paedophilia, the sheltering, the schooling at home and the broken children, so...not really.
oh my. that turned reddit fast.
suggested that. silver asked the q of why she's unpopular and yglesias gave the answer other people. which is false.
he didn't say 100%. but i do think those things he mentioned (plus being a woman) factor greatly
former secdef robert gates: trump is "beyond repair" &amp; "too great a risk for america":
there must be a way to share w undecideds such opinions from measured, experienced people like gates...
so we all agree that the science says this ship is haunted, right
i always thought it was the sister ship erebus that had the really creepy name. it's where ghosts pass through.
my maple-pecan carrot cake came out super delicious. i'm going to hug myself.
those detail finishings
i enjoy your pokmon photography!!! you live in an area of great scenery for it!
thank you! i don't feel like it's worth the effort &amp; posting for a small audience... like i could take pics of better stuff
thank you jacob i hope you have a great experience with college. i already miss you
feel free to use my room whenever
long island bagels and nyc bagels suck compared to new jersey bagels. and long island just sucks in general.
you can talk as much shit on long island as you want but don't fuck with our bagels.
definitely! we'll contact you via dm with next steps. thank you and our apologies for any inconveniences.
... got automated email response on 13 september but no follow-up yet ... looking forward to something big happening clover ...
hillary gotta die so bernie can come back with a vengeance
tim kaine would be thoroughly confused by that turn of events!
they won't . they have no standards . he wouldn't have made it this far anywhere else
they will need a boost for the vote. that will he motivation.
gatling: "canelo-smith is a very exciting fight" -
gatling: "with a high guard that features a straight up n down, all-forward style with no special effects (to use floyd's classic line..
startup school 2016 livestream here:
tried streaming on my phone and just keeps getting dropped. bummer.
hahahahah literally at 8am this morning i told my roommate i wanted bdubs
before i worked here i used to want bdubs before they opened
nate silver is a spaz. how do people take this dope seriously when he foams at the mouth over every new "poll"?
what are the chances his polls are bullshit?
lmao he's a fucking bitch i hate him with a passion . but idc i graduated so it don't really matter &amp; thank you! i see you moved??
thats a fact and no doubt. n nah, im out here doing some shit, imma be back in dirty jersey soon enough lol
hot take for monday's enn. radio host has video interview with new yorker but doesn't bother to shave or dress up a little
that was years ago but nah i don't dress up for video interviews in my house
true but both situations are basically trying to emulate something that's a one of a kind deal
are many people trying to emulate paulson? what is the big trade?
lol we just look like shit tbh slow out the gate against a good team will eventually bite you in the ass
they trying ques like he ain't the only bright spot right now
you a little extra froggy today
i just like bothering you
i just ate the best burrito of my life. which is saying something bc i'm made of burritos.
you are now required to disclose where.
nobody believed me when i said louisville was real
hah i took them for a little sack myself don't get it twisted
instagram update! looks like was in the gym earlier...
congrats kiddo keep it upn ill be in the gym soon to
when people u barely know email relentless career updates but u don't wanna offend &amp; say please stop so u rant on twitter
i mean, i thought the emojis made it really entertaining...
rt double charging:
she reminds me of the story tells about the snake. she is a thief and thats what thieves do.
it's still raining, we're still cleaning ! and app working great!
welcome to the pacific northwest....
i believe in corgan i hope he buys tna and make it grow!
honestly i don't think needs to sell she's done a great job with billy and her wrestlers to make it better
lots of eggs and bread soaked in milk.
love to soak it over night to make it more mushy! is it ok to use skim milk?
another saturday, another day spent on campus writing.
i'm writing this evening. going to sfmoma for some quality hubby time first.
this pretty much sums up my vacation...
good thing you have the tube so you don't drown!
gatling: "with a high guard that features a straight up n down, all-forward style with no special effects (to use floyd's classic line..
...smith is going to get hammered with absolutely no vaseline."
that's reassuring. his story is the one i'm way about, but if it has the haruspis mark of approval, maybe that was misplaced.
thats great to hear! it is one of the stories i'm looking forward to reading.
as ad, i will not pay a team to come to our turf and beat us....like ndsu. you're welcome.
you are ahead of most ads who continue to make that mistake
the only choice! if she drops out he is legally on the ballot: recently proven at dnc mtg. !!!
from your lips to god's ears.
i understand why cnn did it: two-sided debate makes for better tv, higher ratings, and more money. but it's a journalistic disaster.
i'm not sure it's the best way to ratings. it is the easiest, cheapest and laziest.
1/2 atrocious abuse &amp; threats on to me &amp; anyone who agreed w my assessment of as
i'm an member of 33 years standing, and i agree with you about
the ndsu coach is dope. his relationship with his players reminds me of among others
i love they went for the 2 point conversion, failed, and still went on to win! guns blazing!
wait -- pugs gathering?? how did you get invited to such a vip event?
just kinda...happened upon it. it was majestic af!
i think i'm the only person that thinks chick-fil-a is way overrated.
not as over rated as canes
florida ag asked trump for donation before nixing fraud case
taking money from the gullible
last thing, 63 points; seriously!!! unfollow if you will, but kelly
will this loss count as a win....oh wait this is acc and not sec.
lil b is the most revolutionary rapper alive. all he has to do is walk and they follow
lil b is more than a rapper/human. he is the most influential being and it will stay that will never change
agreed be interesting to see if has any data to the contrary. still worth the $ for the review though
if you have money to spend like that. i'm kinda getting the feeling screenwriting is like being a golf or tennis player.
good to see you are here :)
hope to say hi in person at lunch. i'll be the (only) gray haired dude.
today i dropped a plate after these two ladies were being difficult and they laughed, clapped, and screamed "congratulations!"
incase you were wondering what not to do a restaurant so you don't come off as a rude bitch, this is it
submitted work to 3 journals and 2 prizes. to celebrate i will eat the chicken i've been roasting the last 4 hours. and wine. wine.
livin your best life
idk do you know how to find perimeter, height and shaded areas of a shape
nope sorry im not in geometry yet
i listened to "hackensack" on sunday and that song is so good
remember that katy perry cover
to be fair he probably has very low self-esteem stemming from all his successes being his dad's
if it wasn't for his dad's money and connections where would he be?? probably in jail.
left his family behind, had to move into an apt near laguardia...we have him for next year and i'll give him...
yea when i heard he was living in a hotel i was like , get his wife and kid in ny!
honestly i don't think needs to sell she's done a great job with billy and her wrestlers to make it better
for me one big and smart move is to do a joint venture with like talent exchanges etc
see the giants game with me tomorrow?
it's chiles independence day so i'm going to my parents
what is your favorite italian dish?
lol! yes! was also wondering what the chef enjoys most to eat!
lean? like drank? i had that once it was weird ;)
u also can eat wat u want in small portions eat a steak with a huge salad
good afternoon
good afternoon! happy saturday!
internet is out at home, possibly through the weekend. kinda killing me.
lmao! i'm so saving this pyramid, unfortunately, so true.
send it to me
you gone vemo me??
here's the problem with blair witch: the blair witch project is a masterpiece, and the sequel is ultimately just another found footage film
the real problem with bwp is it convinced studios found footage was the secret sauce, not an actually compelling film.
coming right up, sir!
got my serving.
cold wet horatio need soup.
hi sheri remission has officially ended
that reaction...
nope with fire. -- tina
time to celebrate my grandma's 100th!
so much love to grandma woo
jake richter strips newfield punter tom robinson at the 5-yard line and scores as west islip leads 7-0 in the first quarter.
keep those newfield updates coming please
hust realizing pushing a broom and a mop is exercise! next morning clean up from judi's party!
you are beautiful with no makeup wowzie nanny
guess what ?!
glad u aren't a fsu fan today..ouch!!
shit is taking off and if you're planning on being negative about it and not supporting then you will get dropped
it could be my own mama, my grandma, my girl, shit even jesus.. you get in the way of anything...bye
good luck w/that. really wouldn't think your willing to spark it off like that.
i pretty much think i want you on my side! trump!!!
the real problem with bwp is it convinced studios found footage was the secret sauce, not an actually compelling film.
and as a thriller/horror film lover, i'm still suffering through those consequences.
taking money from the gullible
giving cash to texas ag
nigga were weren't wrong. you see derwin out there today?
i don't discuss football with people who don't do context. derwin can't save kelly's awful game planning.
closed because he'll spew racist comments about mexicans, considering who he's speaking in front of, and more lies
what a giant douche
a dish i will always remember eating was a roasted quail stuffed with duck liver.
quail and liver ! well at least it wasn't it's own liver! lol
offensive line*
ques did it tho
the question is what are we going to now???
tear it down
when he's doing well, he tends to get cocky and more reckless.
just what we need in the president of the usa.
duh, not enough. i assume you won't have time to hang?
can you come hang out on tuesday at ? would love to see you there (and perspective on things)
was good i'm tryna get lit when i come back from soho, patron vibe.
i ain't drinkin' no mo playa. changed man moe.
i really hope the rest of the community don't hate it purely because he wrote it, at least go in with an open mind
knowing the communityeld (and some people) they'll hate on it cause its reedand consider it non-canon.
if this happens we are in for big shock. i know they are already huge cuts planned for dept of health itself
but david, we'll soon be getting 350m a week more for the nhs ...
y'all niggas good??
i don't play in the games, so.... yeah?
our job titles are going to change per . tech trends at
hmm all of that sounds suspiciously like factory work
the back pedaling is fucking real. innocent until proven guilty. ooophidian is the people magazine of sc2
pch your fight to provoke people right now is a joke man, just stop. their is no drama, no story to be told.
taste it all the time and finish cooking it in the sauce.
we grow our own tomatoes and i make fresh sauce! the best!
in 36 years ...never a night like this one.. never!
- never, been a time he didn't see me through. thank you pastor bernal. awesome thunder. i'm so glad jesus lifted me!!
bro...i can't have pizza anymore.
o shit because of the carbs an all that bread is it your will or doctor talking
this is insane. was expecting fsu's offense to do its second half insanity mode.
jackson is the vick experience 2016
part of me rly hates living on the peninsula but i think it's starting to grow on me
just paid off my last sf parking ticket and that's making me like the peninsula much much more
she cannot recover from this.
you're a journo from cnn. do some verifying before you post and smear.
don't defend hate. you're better than that.
never schedule the fcs champions. ever. especially ndsu. they've won 5 straight national championships lol
that's true lol. i watched them beat illinois state in the fcs championship game in 2014 in texas.
it's not about smart and dumb, that's just a proxy for class bias. it's about ethical versus non-ethical.
&amp;"sorting out"of the unethical is getting messier&amp;messier.think"new value model"4 entire system.when oligarchy cedes equity.
i really, really want to master this. here's part of something i'm currently working on:
for slow-mo i would def look into a plugin called twixtor, it helps with making some clips look smooth
u can just tell eh it doesnt look like the rest
yes! the mystery meat can go lol
agree with everything except the notion that the theocracy is bizarre. it's all too real.
yeah, sometimes i'm an optimist.
lol what i was only telling them that gc was playing crayon and they didnt believe it
ill agree to that obviously your right, crayons main acc is literally my esports handle. i can link the bnet acc.
i know you'll roll your eyes at some of the halsey stuff, but the story itself is very well written and i love the ending.
oh god he does halsey weird haruspis
y'all niggas good??
fsu fate isn't tied to my identity. it's disappointing.
any of these examples proves that donald trump is unfit to be president.
just by understanding he needs to drink water when it's hot out far exceeds you in fitness.
y'all niggas good??
but will be watching football the rest of the day as usual and world cup of hockey.
great show i'm in tomorrow, thursday in redondo beach, ca.
good to know tim.
why isn't joan jett's music on itunes
this meme i'm dying
where these specimens are born? nagpur or ahmadabad ?
with your type of attitude,you have muslims raping your women.w bengal has become like pakistan.us i live.
i feel nothing.
not even the booze?
has trump ever called man neurotic?
how often does *anyone* call a man neurotic.
every heterosexual male does this . especially your husband. who rates you a 3
i am a woman doesn't it bother me. i do it too. on her best day couldn't get laid in a prison
is it bad every saturday i fear an mg and ryan tweet session
this one is pleasant
a friend recently told me "paradise is cash only"
it would have been more profound perhaps if paradise wasn't a bar.
you met many people from liverpool?
two guys, paul and john.
happy happy birthday, beautiful! best wishes &amp; sending all love &amp; fun vibes on your special day! hope to hang out soon!
thank you beautiful! means a lot! we'll plan something soon
and as a thriller/horror film lover, i'm still suffering through those consequences.
so many non-creative people think innovative hooks or concepts make the success, try to milk it, ignore fundamentals.
as long as you are cooking it for your child, you should not break spaghetti.
love my spaghetti long! best to twirl!!
huh? you're saying i'm like that?
no ran out of text space lol. just saying knowing the community like we do. they'll hate on it.
cats are wonderfully needy! mine will headbutt me to pay attention to her. i can't imagine getting that from a rabbit!
nope, you never will. stupid rabbits.
karl's moving east. line is at sunset.
awesome, thank you!
lol shit getting different now.
health is wealth playa.
what is your favorite single batman story? the one that means the most to you. tv, movie, comics, doesn't matter.
all time favorite story is from heart of ice.
ooophidian claimed in gcs chat that fatcat was boosted 6+ months ago by crayon. prove it.
as of now pch im muting you for trying to get some disgusting drama that doesn't need to exist.
if you're a tweeter from us. and dislike . don't tweet you dislike him. find a supporter and argue why not to vote for him.
you can't reason a person out of a position they didn't reason themselves into. his supporters are not rational.
huh? you're saying i'm like that?
140 words is not enough. blame twitter.
hello? this is what's deplorable! obama has transformed america... angels stadium. story orange county register.
this either a photo shop or the most frightening thing i've ever seen in my america! is anyone paying attention?!?!
us-led strike kills 62 syrian troups |..russian defense minister claims. syria says "firm proof us supporting daash"
link for source of tw above:
get used to it guys. a physical button isn't coming back. in fact, it's going away even more.
yes like living by a sewage plant we will eventually get used to the stink
jskskwjwjww it's so me right now
it's me like every day of my life lmao
if fsu loses by more than 48 points it will be the worst loss by a ranked team. ever.
usually i love it when fsu sets records. :-/
4he is the lord almighty he does wat he desires but if u will do&amp;follow his doings then watevr u desire will be fulfilledamn
amen! the last enemy that will be destroyed is death. 1 corinthians 15:26
maryland &amp; yeah dude. you still live in the same house?
daaamn thats a fucking jump but thats fucking dope ! ive always wanted to see wassup out there and lmao yesmam
yes and no, dont overuse twixtor please. it makes shit toooooo slow. however it is sick.
as long as you don't overkill it with suuuuuuper slow mo it helps
kerry: climate change skeptics believe extra water is "just going to spill over sides of a flat earth'
john it's called an eternity earth! duh!
the man is non stop
gentlemen of the jury, im curious, bare with me. are you aware i'm tweeting history?
take me with you
lol aww. when you visit
pasta water is full of starch and when added to your sauce it helps to thicken it.
yes! heard you add some of the water- but when it gets sticky how do i fix?
omg but are you okay?
not really lol typical me faceplanted on gravel and now i can't move
im fucking loenly i miss her so much
i'm not sure what's going on but if you need to vent i'm here to listen;;
is backyard baseball available for mac? i need this game back asap
if you find it please share
i've never once see you say anything even remotely close to that lol
----- i just said what i ment blame twitter not me!
one year today.
get this shit off my timeline little guy lol
curious what is happening with pokmon go. is it over?
i would be surprised if a game with this much friction (walking around) has longevity.
i meant to distract myself on twitter with sports, politics, tech... etc
i think you should cut your losses while you can and not say anything else incriminating.
omg loose tyedye anything but im mostly yelling because im jealous
im excited too i cant i might cry pero also my snapchat will show all cry with me
men pretending to be good people just to try and assault women solidify my outright fear and distrust of just about all men.
i don't trust none of you penis pushers.
the hostile responses to this tweet tell you all you need to know.
even if hrc holds off this cretin in nov, what he's unleashed isn't going away any time soon.
are you suggesting that we shouldn't?
just curious why so much noise about hillary &amp; her direct accountability 4 foreign policy
i know! damn thing "taps" by vibrating halfway up the phone. feels stupid as hell.
it makes it feel like one of those shitty demo models
doesn't work
then you were probably late lmao
rt if screaming rn
please see video clip.
oh. right. whelp, there's an advertisement for getting an apple tv if i've ever heard one.
voice control for door locks that does anything other than lock seems like a bad idea in general.
heated debate from today's on who started &amp; how it impacts african-americans: via
what's to debate? team is the originator. talking about birthplace brings racist title to task.
thank you for making my day (ok, my year) w/this epic bday surprise. best. bday. ever!!
happy belated birthday sara. i hope the rest of your special day was fabulous!!!
i'm okay with the decarbonization of regulated utilities. the issue jim and i were getting at is capture regulators.
high roe and short hearing = capture? maybe high roe helps w r&amp;d and risk taking.
tonight's starting lineup.
bruce and loney. you gotta be kidding me.
it's the national anthem. i don't care what issues they have. you stand up for the anthem.
"i don't care what they believe." ok then they must stand cuz they are americans. they must!!!
know it takes time for photos to show up from cloud, but no reason why after 9 hrs phone locked + wifi connection = no photos
the photos are there. the dates/locations are showing up. but it's just blank white squares where photos should be
i think the press needs held accountable clearly in someones pocket. need real people askn questions
real questions don't make $. fundamental problem with all-commercial media.
can anyone around tinubu square confirm this building, captured here by , has been demolished? rt pls.
ask . he knows lagos island well.
a handful of puppy
omg how cute! bless you and that handful of love.
seriously considering hanging this up in my van.
i would have zero fucking stars pls
omg let me put you really on boo
pls do! i've heard his popular shit but i'm still lost
almost 3 years ago i was supposed to test for my instructor belt in bjj, injuries happened, now i'm back. taking my test now, wish me luck
damn dude gg. something i have always wanted to learn
the photos are there. the dates/locations are showing up. but it's just blank white squares where photos should be
sometimes the photos appear when clicking on blank squares, other times it says error
i'd really like to see sean maguire here
we need a little help from our friends!
someone needed to see an eye specialist, isn't that ?! i thought so,
so where's the retraction and apology to both actresses?
what is your snapchat?
her public snapchat is lol
the hostile responses to this tweet tell you all you need to know.
i'm surprised one jewish person would back this guy. kkk extremely antisemitic as well as anti black. real charmers.
i'm trying to work out where this clip is from. it's not totp, sfe or eurovision! x
weird huh? think it's s german tv thangcwe dud
oh i'm guessing you had to cut a few commas then haha
yes hence why eld is combined with community and reed is with and.
that video of lil yachty trying to say drake is better than tupac and biggie really just disgusted me
how can you disrespect the greats that paved the way? i just don't understand it
were you able to get tix when they first came out? i looked em up like 2 months ago &amp; all were resell &amp; expensive af
yeah i was in line at the sap center when they came out! hella ppl there but hella resellers too smh
boutta make a tattoo appointment for my elbow.
it's gonna tickle
. i agree...i can only eat it with a fork and a spoon! always twirl on your spoon!
but here it's raviolis as the fave! what's the best stuffing for those?
crazy maureen dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing , pretends she knows me well--wrong!
you base your campaign on your business success but will not release tax returns. fraud like helmsley. karma is coming.
oh i'm guessing you had to cut a few commas then haha
went 2 over. on the char limit
most are voting rationally. important not to demonise people who feel disenfranchised and scared.
i think we have different definitions of "rational".
that mite situation never got better, huh?
no, it lost all its leaves over winter and i kept using horticultural oil on the new growth, but no change.
i'm voting with my sis for artista del ano1 join us together - we are force
voting for our king artista masculino pop/rock
there is intentionally no capability check; you should unconditionally call the api when semantically appropriate.
this is good to know!
the best iced coffee you'll ever have is in great neck people
never... manhattan all the way bruh
our installed base on continues to grow at a fantastic rate.
cool! what's the usecase? vpn endpoints?
nearly half way through the zero tolerance game. love how everyone's so concern about emily's face, or the person who did that.
had to do that. if her face is beat up in scene earlier, it doesn't get better overnight. so people would notice and comment.
for what????
idk no real reason just passing thru before we head to the cabin so vanessa can see her fam
oh! sigh. does anyone this information is going to make a difference? the election is already paid for
and pbo will give her a full pardon for crimes known &amp; unknown, past, present &amp; future as he leaves
it makes a nice big bite, yes?
totally open wide! so in the mood for a good sauce!
i could get excited about serverless computing, or i could get excited about buying a 30 lawnmower.
iot lawnmower ---what could possibly go wrong!
i thought of voting third party but i think, looking back, i'll be prouder to have voted for hillary-you know, as climate change extincts us
are you still registered to vote in the us?
i'm gnna give ahs a try. which season was the best?!
i'll give you the order based on scariest, asylum, murder house, freakshow, coven and the lady gaga shit tie in last not scary
will you ever come to the realization that the president cant continuously blurt out stupid shit ?
trump fans love his "stupid shit." trump seems to delight in being a total jackass.
any of these examples proves that donald trump is unfit to be president.
saddest part is that you can add another 500 horrendous things he's said &amp; done &amp; it won't matter to the deplorables
via | in town for concert, david cook gets taste of airmen's lifestyle, talents
is an amazing human being! so proud to be a fan!
why do you have one health remaining?
help a brother 1up
don't ask twitter, just go to any park on a sunday.
i am in park right now :)
i'm old enough to remember when thoughts tweets like this were pointless.
lmao you really missed the joke, huh?
pathetic. hope they're thinking of the cops that are targeted over and again while they kneel.
i respect your opinion. freedom of expression is not what i would call pathetic though.
hot take: if you think swastikas are great for trolling, fuck you
i totally agree with this sentiment, and yet it encourages trolls when they get rejected &amp; treated as garbage people for doing it.
trump says clinton bodyguards should lose their guns 'and let's see what happens to her'
if she is truly anti gun....prove it
i should be able to photoshame people who save a spot in a crowded coffee shop with a long line before they order
wtf are there still lines in coffee shops? order with the app u effing troglodytes!
we cant relate to this, please keep this at instagram.
i miss you guys when i'm on instagram
breakfast turned out amazing!
that looks so good!!!!
this is my first tour solo in over a year, so i'm super excited to see you all. get tix now!
and of course it's nowhere near the nyc area
to go through all that effort is all 3/3
oooooh hah. i don't think there's a real in-universe explanation for that. it's done that way for the audience.
pathetic. hope they're thinking of the cops that are targeted over and again while they kneel.
much respect for your thoughts
i'm askin bc i'm finna do chores rn then moms wanna take alex out to eat so idk if u wanna come w us to that or whatever
yes remember i wanted to learn how to put lashes on today
complete the sentence: if book lovers ruled the world, __________
-there would be a lot of shushing.
hello rhode island!! hello 50th state!! only took us 10 years of full time rving to get th...
funny, i've been there every year for the last five. check out water fire in providence!
mt : 51% of us muslims want sharia law, truly moderate muslims wldn't want them to come here
they really meant mariah will dominate the world right &gt;before her concert ..shariah mariah who cares
. 's plan to defeat isis: "we're gonna win. 'make america great again,' right? 'make america great again.'"
. yeh, wants to fight w/sensible gun laws. really? i'm sticking w/.
not being able to sit on the couch and listen to some podcasts while charging my phone is a big problem for me.
i can see that. i honestly plan on purchasing the airpods (because i'm a sucker).
you have my sympathy. i think i'm dumber for having read some of those retweets.
i scrolled rapidly through most of them, muttering, "jesus, does it end?" *scroll scroll scroll* nope. to infinity!
gave myself a compulsive anxiety haircut lol
looks good bub
were you able to get a ride with us?
after he drove away for another 10 minutes, yes. i have 50% off rides until sunday, but i'll be paying full price for uber/juno.
headed to with our friends
- thank u. loved everything. jubilee member.
sometimes i scare myself w how psycho i am
honored to be in the avi
was born ready. is on!
ready for the winning
at my bubbie's jewish senior home. what's this newspaper saying?
code for hrc's going for only excusable reason, health,and soon. bernie has been america's choice jw since day1&amp;pope handshake.
broken matt hardy was in the background,shoulda asked him.
tried but his manager said no video only picture. any guys with tv contracts were not able to
now y''all know i know it's a long season, guys. but 18 tds already? hey
i don't like blowouts, but today i'm enjoying 'noles beat down! it's clobbering time. revenge is very sweet today!
what's wrong with the world, mama! this is just...look at her!
this makes me sick in the stomach.
i, citizen who can read in 4 lang. he, bigot says im illiterate &amp; shd b deported. latinos4trump!
you may be able to read in 4 lang but obviously not english or u r just stupid if you're a citizen u have nothing to fear
i totally agree with this sentiment, and yet it encourages trolls when they get rejected &amp; treated as garbage people for doing it.
by all means, trolling with swastikas is a great way to show the world who they are. and most people will tell them to fuck off.
full disclosure starting with donor lists and amount
all this is already publicly available. the clinton foundation is completely transparent. trump &amp; trump foundation is not.
im watching civil war again fight me
me all the time
not being able to sit on the couch and listen to some podcasts while charging my phone is a big problem for me.
surprised they did wait to launch wireless charging before lunching lack of headphone jack. you gonna buy the splitter?
sorry for the difficulties, but we won't be selling out, so you can just buy your tickets in person.
awesome!!!! we're stoked for watchmen, and want to check out all the artists! see y'all soon!
it's time for donald trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee.
like richard nixon?
i'm okay with the decarbonization of regulated utilities. the issue jim and i were getting at is capture regulators.
don't wholly disagree but we might want utilities to take risks and innovate. current models threaten innovation.
yes traci said melissa was tired of being photographed
i know!!! and i was simply enjoying my funnel cake!
u best know how
bet u ready now
i'm sorry for your loss, brian.
it's 's lovely and hilarious grandmother. we'll be traveling to the wasteland on monday. thank you, man.
wistful kim jong-un stumbles onto childhood drawings he made of nuclear attacks on west
does this haircut make my head look fat?
100%. crazy thing about the first is the found footage element is perfectly sold, and integral to the story!
the first paranormal activity is the only other found footage movie i think succeeded with the concept.
i don't think we do. rational is voting for what you think is best for you and family and village etc.
trump openly lies, contradicts himself, fantasizes, promotes violence &amp; bigotry. not rational.
mighty tigers back on track?
i had them down for 416 total yards. they looked fine to me today.
nothing says sketchy like the person sitting next to you on bart offering you a drink of their flask
what a polite man, the world needs more people like him
sorry i'm late to this.
oh so you went the obvious route.
omg so much nostalgia it hurts!
forreal it came on my pandora &amp; i was all wooooaaaahhhh
i really like the song, but anyone who is acting like it's a major club hit is confused.
agreed, but you know these girls live for an adele remix at the club so
i'm vote with youfor our artista masculino pop/rock
voting for our king artista masculino pop/rock
i specifically interested in which russians donated before hillary sold putin 20% of our uranium
you'd better wake up. trump cares only about trump. he's using you deplorables to get into office, and then he'll screw you too.
i have decided to wear half gear today (cause ) and half gear. cardinal red and burnt orange totally match, rt?
sure, if you're a european basketball team
protip, the first song is the best one hands down
planet god damn is dope. i've listened to the album like 5 times since i tweeted it and i love it now i jumped the gun
maybe i should watch a higher class of film.
nah the comments are bad on the good movies too i think
i don't think we do. rational is voting for what you think is best for you and family and village etc.
i can't help you with this project, sorry. nothing i can say that hasn't been said.
north dakota state to the big xii.
how about the ...knocking off richmond 42-14 :)
yeah not a hot look for wisco too
how bad of a loss was that for lsu? lose to badgers and then this...
humans are hard wired to fit in and to seek validation from others because part of our survival depended on being in a group and behaving.
but that stuff doesn't really seem to pay off in a world that is constantly looking for individuality and originality.
thanks for rt!
your very welcome. i personally gave my copy of to and had to pick up another copy
happy saturday, everyone! brunch with mom and sis and a super yummy eggs benny to start my day! have a great one, everybody!
this is where i had brunch. a delicious shakshouka.
not being able to sit on the couch and listen to some podcasts while charging my phone is a big problem for me.
also, the apple dock has a headphone jack. i bought one of those to keep my bed (was tired of wearing out lightning cables).
sad to miss nyabf this year, but this is pretty great.
the thing quarterly has a kite so
anyone wanna bet on colorado buffaloes vs michigan wolverines? i got wolverines starts in 10min
people have access to the internet, they are not just going to give you their money.
(also pretty much why i avoid these tools because it makes simple things hard...like the time it takes to make the bundle.js is too long)
it's why i use browserify. significantly simpler and there's built-in support for marking dependencies as external
take some longer to mature, but the fact remains del rio is on par for a heisman run. go gators!
lmfaooooo uf was playing high school teams. are you serious hahaha
how does it compare to the 7 plus in ur opinion?
i can't say yet. i was in dark settings yesterday. got to put it to the test
i've filed my own taxes 26 years now. never needed a degree for that. my uncle built his home.no college
i don't care what you did, i'm saying i'll do it. i have google. lemme do it for you. no worries
thank you!!!!! i realize know how even more beautiful i am
truly a gorgeous face
president obama produced a birth certificate, but donald trump is the only candidate in modern times to refuse to produce his tax returns.
i think he has cheated on his taxes,big time.this man is the biggest fraud of our time university fraud,more bankruptcies.
lamar jackson is making a proud football team from florida state throw in the towel and say, "no mas."
and i love it. noles have put a hurt on'cardinals twice. turn about is fair play. most points ever against fsu.
bitch where?
tops baby
humans are hard wired to fit in and to seek validation from others because part of our survival depended on being in a group and behaving.
but that stuff doesn't seem to pay off now in a world that seeks individuality and originality.
so good lol=&gt;major garrett has on air tantrum over trump 'birther' press event
major g stop like a little bitch! hillary owns the birtherism issue she started it in 2008!
i love my polenta with montasio cheese on top.
when are you coming to nyc!!! i need ya here
hillary clinton is struggling in florida, despite outspending and outstaffing trump
florida has extraordinarily corrupt political class and electoral system. remember long lines and voter purges 2012.
birmingham corbyn rally seems some didn't get the message from chakrabati report about anti-semitic tropes
but jess, i'm sure stood up and called out this sort of vile anti-semitism. right?
when i read the story, i assumed the guy shouted the command at the unlocked iphone his friend was using.
he was being a smartass, but not exposing a real flaw of the system, since his friend (w/ iphone?) was standing nearby?
when i read the story, i assumed the guy shouted the command at the unlocked iphone his friend was using.
he was being a smartass, but not exposing a real flaw of the system, since his friend (w/ iphone?) was standing nearby?
mt : 51% of us muslims want sharia law, truly moderate muslims wldn't want them to come here
they really meant mariah will dominate the world; right before her concert ..shariah; mariah who cares
still saying -
congratulations! your constituents are lucky to have you fighting for them in albany
mostly rush yards?
282 on the ground. 134 in the air. lots of big runs by a few different players.
found my phone this morning a mile from my house and am hungover but the rally continues
it was at my house
duh. worst sondheim musical ... go.
i've only seen like half of them but i never cared for sunday in the park with george. *yawn*
i never use dried herbs. i think fresh is always best.
yes! fresh is best.i grow some herbs at home and freeze them.is that ok?
yeah..&amp; with much passin in we are voting for artista del ao
voting for our king artista masculino pop/rock
the first paranormal activity is the only other found footage movie i think succeeded with the concept.
and is also completely essential and integral to the story, like you said. they just tried to milk it 5 more times.
happy 4th year anniversary
yasss booo yassss
a walk to the river
ten seconds of cash.
that's the thing - lots of pms assume they can find a trade w/similar risk/reward on a regular basis
that's kind of scary! we had two bubbles in a single decade! that was the outlier. not the norm...
it doesn't work!
chill lol, someone got it before you probably lmao
she is truly frightening !!!!
b4 she became liar in chief for trump, she always seemed classless and cheap to me. i mean" look at that face"
hillary clinton is struggling in florida, despite outspending and outstaffing trump
bet regret not wooing those stupid now. we make great content.
cut them in half. fill them with goat cheese. wrap them in prosciutto and pan fry them.
lol! he has figs as the name of his place! its so good
and i dont want to have fingers pointed at me like i'm some hate advocate sending out ppl to make hateful comments? otlll
i understand ena ;;; i hope you can talk things out and clear your name because you don't deserve to face any of this drama!
because sf is expensive af and oakland is cheap?
yeah, that's the easy answer
could be a hipster breakfast, no?
maybe. fucking hipsters
this mirror will be mine in 8-12 weeks! (why must shipping take so long) it's going down huntyyyyy!
where is this mirror from?!?!
i have a nice pair of wireless headphones but they're noise canceling, not good when watching a baby. haha
i'm just glad about the waterproof. my phone thought it had headphones in all the time for a week when i took it near a beach.
the pumps were too real where have u been guy? haven't seen u in forever, lets link up today &amp; blow it down
yo guy hit me in the messages whenever been a minute
bottomless mimosas have me feeling some type of way
happy birthday bud hope you're enjoying it seems like it!
thank you so much! everyone helped because i was so sleepy. people are having so much fun playing ^_^
ahh that is so good to hear! well thank you to everyone who helped put this all together it looks incredible
so you're saying blacks shouldn't be allowed to have guns? that's your argument! it doesn't work that way.
that's not what i said asshole it's the person not object that does the killing most of them aren't white go fuck yourself
last night i got mad at alehouse so i stole a whole bottle of their bbq sauce.
it ain't even filled hahaha
depends on the condition. many conditions (hypertension, t2d) don't have obv symptoms, hence pt engagement issues.
disagree. they may not b engaged in your priorities but consider theirs and how you might create new ones together
the tops in henrietta was 2.19 last night
the one in lyons was $2.23 last time i was home, today it's $1.99
i know you like to flirt and i do not mind :) .... i think it is healthy for everyone to do some flirting :)
sure is fun too. grin
iowa falls to north dakota state. wisconsin almost loses to georgia state. we sure the big ten west needs a team in the championship game?
the top 2 fcs teams have both beaten their fbs teams this year. other was at northwestern last weekend.
question for : if every vote counts, why didn't you fight for the people whose votes were suppressed in 2000?
your post-2000 speeches began w/ "you win some, you lose some &amp; then there's that 3rd option"
what is the best thing to do on saturday?
i think u should post a lot and also we could dm eachother
james and nicole have a pre show alliance. nicole will take james for sure if she wins
maybe but the preshow alliance is just speculation, we will see
i specifically interested in which russians donated before hillary sold putin 20% of our uranium
trump owes money to russia &amp; will sell out us to keep loans flowing. he's doing it now b/c us banks no longer will lend to him.
daily motions
thank you for taking a video of this!!! it makes me so happy to watch people play!!!
he said two days ago he believes obama was born in america.
trump 2/2016 implying obama is muslim
dougs had to pick his parents up from the airport so i'm home alone with d watching x factor.. crazy saturday night for me
when is the new video going up? i'm so excited to watch!
vice news reporter arrested outside a donald trump campaign event via
great piece in the upcoming vice weekly!
i just want a guy who'll be nice to everything but my butt
why is this so hard to find
what i said, swedens reformsocialist yrs 1970-80s: higher taxes, larger welfare state, more public employees
ah k, i don't know the swedish chronology, i thought that may have been the beginning of privatization, etc
sprinklers, exiting, ventilation etc are all big costs and are all health/safety
compared to total amt current unit prices are greater than if bldg were unrestricted, i'd say those are a small %. c/
this is v accurate, 10/10 recommend making this your bio
my life in a tweet
fucking finally
thanks a lot obama
trump does all this while still constantly attacking hillary clinton. that's his version of multi-tasking-insulting several targets at once.
the mistake gop candidates made,they did not counter has sided with him,no research,here we r clown.
does that make it incorrect?
i think it's more than that. i think that the crowd is a bit different in oakland than the usual people you see in sf
- coney island brooklyn viewing party
- coney island brooklyn viewing party
people who have no command of the facts end every political discussion with "well, both sides are bad".
yes!!!! and it is driving me crazy!
why can i imagine you doing this.
because i would
... (maintain home + power buttons until you see the apple logo) and then make some tries in tweetbot.
working for now, thank you!
why is hobbyweb stuck in forums and geocities era websites? looking for the stackoverflow/quora/wirecutter of betta keeping with kiddo
once you get critical community mass in one place, moving is hard. sf parenting is entirely on y! groups.
hiding by 's games (and playing them endlessly) at wild rumpus all night cause it's the cosiest and most silent corner here
ahhh woah omg... i would probably be hiding in the corner next to u if i were there
i'm sorry to burst your bubble, but we don't eat alfredo sauce in italy.
will you ever start to sell your menu frozen for those outside the area?
i did steal a couple of pieces
i know! oh girl! i miss you!
i have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. i do not want donald trump to be their president.
looks very ill in that clip. lighten up chris, think hrc's capable of doing this country a "solid"? could be
some final thoughts on stranger things coming up.... now.
the show is really solid, always well shot and well acted, regularly well written. only one episode in 8 feels untidy.
it's a freaking street party right on 82nd!! till 7 pm
ain't that some shit. i'll go after work cause i wanna get my nails done
i'm worried now for shawn because 14k fans were just let in with no security check
excuse me where?
obsessed with u
thank you baby
and then this
that looks like the face i make when people ask me if their girlfriend has to pay to get into the venue
what the fuck
you're holding it wrong
i hate you for that pun
it's a common hashtag i take no credit lol
ya boy is dumb lit at disneyland at the moment
find my mom and give her a hug but don't say anything just walk away
it is only so obvious that some politicians either gop or dem really belong to the globalist elite party.
so true. kasich is now their star.
went to the garage sale. got the lf 328' sign to commemorate the only hr i ever hit in a pro stadium.
glad you made it down there man! sorry you are having to suffer this goodbye to sam lynn as well!
rt if you agree
lmfao i still love u tho girl mainly cause das me too
have you ever heard of narcissistic personality disorder? google it. then google it &amp; add trump.
yes and that's why he's got a disorder this fits donald trump description
high on life lmao
nah, but for real, life is good - am v content i've been super productive lately i'm not where i want to be, but i'm on my way
what up brother! get after it!
you ever want to discuss growth / marketing let me know
true that!but u'll be at 999 in his priority list,may fall out of the list even! star-follower relationship
if u start counting from 1000 backwards, 999 is 2nd in the priority list idol-fan relationship
maybe.. every girl i've seen wear them can't dress
yeah that i def agree, in the right hands they might be valid. girls be trying to dress them up too much
you are the only one who needs to wake up. now shoooo
trump is using you. wake up. his scams are serious. read what he's done, is doing. he has no loyalty to anyone but trump.
are you michigan state?
no!! michigan. (are you watching louisville destroy florida st?)
gotta have a neo, right? that's a bit of an entry barrier.
well you can play it on vanilla ps4 but not recommended unless you have a barf bag next to you.
i don't see alp making $300m worth of innovative r&amp;d investments. this isn't pg&amp;e or even pse we're talking about here.
southern investment 100m/ year. i don't want to defend al psc but in its way southern is innovative in ways most utilities cant
these friggin red sox are such a royal pain in my ass. it never ends with this team
being an o's fan i dislike both teams but what cashman did at the trade deadline was genius. remarkable what ny has done since.
thank you!! i started w murder house hope to get scaredddd
when you get to asylum, let me know. literally couldn't sleep on some episodes.
caption this...
i can't believe they think i've never eaten a strawberry! i can't believe they think i don't eat my boogers!
mayor pr stunt no sbucks coffee jug almost nothing agenda, no citz? came wait how cdbg budget up 3%
are you talking about this morning's meeting? i saw it billed as a bring-your-own-coffee and chat type mtg
it's ridiculous the dictum that spews out my mouth w/o thinking sometimes.
since leaving private law practice and starting sex work, i fuck people a whole lot less
sure, no one likes to look bad. but doesn't mean it was out of bounds. q is, author = pub figure?
an author, who sells books, is by definition a public figure.
your boy did his job today! he deserved a lot of carries. i'm sure he will get more going forward
yeah he did for sure , people blame the o line but ques made it work . i think before the end of the year ..
once you get critical community mass in one place, moving is hard. sf parenting is entirely on y! groups.
i'm playing (with ) with something new on , but if you want established knowledge, you've got to go where it is...
. voted for obama's amnesty after promising he wouldn't ("not on my watch!"). shame on you, pat.
he lied like so many in congress, with no conscience and no accountability!
the show is really solid, always well shot and well acted, regularly well written. only one episode in 8 feels untidy.
certainly borrows a lot from its points of reference, but the mix is blended enough to forgive, although the finale leaned too heavily alien
maybe but the preshow alliance is just speculation, we will see
nicole and paul are both planning to cut james off on the feeds
if you had to swim in one condiment for the rest of your life which would it be
this is so hard
did you pay sony for game stuff with a credit card? if i do that, my bank cancels my card within the hour.
i think i manually cancelled it. not sure.
why did we let bernie slip through our fingers...
voting is rigged fuck hilary fuck the government!!!!
you mean it goes against your beliefs. irrelevant.
i might similarly contend that your beliefs are irrelevant.
ready for like a boss thanks to and
love that you're getting after it!
i think it's more than that. i think that the crowd is a bit different in oakland than the usual people you see in sf
so even if they could hold the concert in warfield in sf, they would still do fox theater in oak because of targeting
who says a 70-year-old can't wear jeans jacket
patti send me a photo of your baby on twitter thanks
he is the one that wanted hrc put in front of a firing squad. neither he nor trump has answered for that either!
donald should be locked up for that remark
jeremy pruitt had 5 star recruits thrown they life away to come play at fsu. charles kelly can't prepare for fucking louisville.
lmfaooooooooooo but pure facts
hahaha. my boyfriend is a big guy he eats like 4 servings more than the average person.
it's half a fucking bottle! i've had a bottle of la vics orange sauce last me longer than that though!
my compass always points north and i always thought it was working correctly!
thanks smart ass
i've only seen like half of them but i never cared for sunday in the park with george. *yawn*
you could probably add a little night music too.
thank you! frico is my favorite dish ever. when i eat it, i feel like i am home.
do you do private cooking classes?
look at the dumb motherfucker on the right staring st a tree like he's never seen one.
lookin for drones
xtian site. try reading a factual site, not an anti abortion xtian propaganda site
facts are facts.
no clue abt the situation, but couldn't this mean phil saw the facts and didn't think an investigation was needed?
if that's the case it's even more implicating. check some of the transcripts it's pretty horrifying stuff
update: half marathons can be kind of the worst but their better with people like
the photos from last saturday's half marathon aren't too shabby.
this how he treats women who step out of line
he treats men the same way.
yeah i totally did.
what about using a sous vide contraption?
certainly borrows a lot from its points of reference, but the mix is blended enough to forgive, although the finale leaned too heavily alien
stranger things certainly struggled to balance its threads, assuming that we cared as much about missing will as we did about eleven.
just in: 29-year-old male fatally shot in hayward last night
that is so yesterday!
no!! michigan. (are you watching louisville destroy florida st?)
yes crazy game. fighting irish are playing michigan st later just checking your allegiance. i see brady is an honourable captain..
after years of lying about watching 30 rock (aka i had only seen like 5 episodes), i'm finally watching it. life-changing, tbh.
did the exact same thing 6 months ago. hands down, best life decision
did carson play both sides? doferrent times for sure, but we have short memories for failed candidates.
i'm not interested in both sides. this guy will destroy america. we've never faced anything like him.
people from ohio should rid themselves of this screwball
no backlash he is not that importanthe belongs with crooked was fired by regan campaign for dealing drugs
dropped passes. really poor ol. no rushing. gave up way too many rushing yards. this is on everyone.
poor preparation, use of time outs, and going three and out on the final drive is unacceptable regardless of opponent's fcs rank.
but for those arguing that regulated utilities can do the right thing if allowed space, alp is not the hill to die on.
as far as i an tell southern basically had regulation closer to a rate cap than cos.
., ks has 6 sanctuary counties. ask...
execution is the only way to stop these illegal lawbreakers who chose to return to us
played my ultimate new yorker card today fighting with multiple drivers through wild gesticulation trying to get into holland tunnel
white manhattan condo owner types get so angry in their cars! pro tip: always laugh at them.
happy birthday maria!!!! i miss/love you so much! i hope you enjoy these pics of you almost drowning as much as i do
wow i miss u so so much i love these
male seahorses carry the fertilized eggs of offspring. but here's the thing, tanner: we're not seahorses. soooo....
speak for yourself. maybe i identify as a seahorse. h8er!
this is the 3rd straight week a missouri valley team has beaten a power 5 program. they are literally getting paid to make people look bad.
(2-0) visit kansas state next saturday with a chance to give the missouri valley its 4th win over power 5 programs this season.
i'm working 12 hours today so rip to me
8 &amp; a half more hours
"taking" and avoiding a few questions after a speech does not count as a "press conference"
her "speech" (bashing trump) took 23 minutes and she walked slowly away in her potholder outfit.
although jim mooney deserves most of the credit
absolutely mooney defined the look of the character for her first decade.
you are the only one who needs to wake up. now shoooo
you &amp; i have one thing in common, tho ur deplorable &amp; i'm not. we both love the usa. trump does not. beware. look again.
better late than never!
i've bought four of your amazing books in the past two weeks, i love the strong females (and all the pups!) thank you!!
do i have to publicly tell happy birthday also? if so, happy birthday. so glad gwen had you 82782 years ago
lol thanks!
i always freeze my fresh basil --- from my neighbors garden!
lol! are shopping in her yard? we trade veggies from ours! so nice to get extras!
i want to volunteer for this role.
ur in the bay too...
the courts empty?
it's actually packed. lol so umm let's play ball maybe 6ish at 72 then. unless niggas are still down to take over the court
me and you when we fight
and i can see you wearing both of those outfits while you fight over tacos
stranger things certainly struggled to balance its threads, assuming that we cared as much about missing will as we did about eleven.
and in the process, nancy's story, often dominant, became utterly tertiary by the end.
trump's list of provable lies. w/
kelly: "hrc dsnt tlk policies." u blind? its trump frm d very bginning tht never hd let alone tlked abt policies!
just got kicked off the rail bc the dude whose about to get 2nd complained i was messin with his head to much, whoops
haters going to hate !!!
the worst defender sent you to the wall like 7 times
everyone gets blocked but the highlight is the sweet 30 i give you everytime.
honest question why is ndsu still fcs???
i was just thinking the same thing. doesn't even really feel like an upset.
federal court orders halt to construction of another section of dakota access oil pipeline
please leave these indians alone! hasn't the u.s. raped enough indian land +killed them too? the indians have a right 2 live in peace!
. launch larger-than-life new emoji keyboard!
thay look so shrop
to build his new york empire, donald trump got $885 million in tax breaks and subsidies.
yeah, but, you could write the same exact article for every other major developer in nyc.
provide a scientific source for your claim, some some xtian propaganda pro life site
"condoms afford girls &amp; women categorically no protection from 7 of the 8 std's studied,"
should your girl like the same football team as you
yes!! i already converted for my man. lol
very interesting idea--a book entirely made up of blank pages!
one for bill clinton would be
yes crazy game. fighting irish are playing michigan st later just checking your allegiance. i see brady is an honourable captain..
great lad. i've been taught to support whoever is playing michigan state :)
i already said shoooo. only a fool could support someone as corrupt and dishonest as hillary
i would support ted cruz over donald trump. i would support anyone with a conscience over the con man donald trump.
"condoms afford girls &amp; women categorically no protection from 7 of the 8 std's studied,"
"... even when used faultlessly 100 percent of the time." source:
no way a bottle of orange sauce will last us half a day too hahah we put that shit on everything.
you gotta stock up! i got 5 bottles at the house hahaha
my school handing these out to the parents im deceased
kids are loving that moto q
hmm. so the answer is "sort of".
same story, above the fold, with a good run. and the gun remark right below it.
facts are facts.
facts don't change depending on the site which lists said facts.
is it dinner time yet??
stuffing my face with eggplant parm! cuz i needed sauce!
yikes. i've never made it through pacific overtures...
maybe i shoulda given a hot take warning. i have tix to the jake gyllenhaal sitpwg but i'm still on the fence.
can't imagine a writer would talk like that in the gym with a boxer. "...as the little known smith is referred to." not on.
in us, no, he's not well known, friend
that moment where angela basset plays cuba gooding jr's sister in ahs.. but was his mom 25 years ago in "boyz in the hood" mela-fuckin-nin
for reference...the 2 movies
pay to play clinton foundation
bondi cash trump univ florida ag asked trump for donation before nixing fraud case
i'm just posting this so i remember what it sounded like 5 minutes into starting the best album of all time
gotta have that visual reprezentation!!!!!
loving the new album on - the love boat arrangement is sweet!...
thanks brian!!!
can you imagine having this much free time to be such a douche?
he actually doesn't look attractive. his "diet" makes him look like skeleton with shoulders
you saved me at least $40 and it was an easy fix. i use it everyday. accept my gratitude
ur welcome gabby and thank u anastasia for having the best customer service
i'm sure there is a story there on how you found out. :)
telling the man babe i was planning on netflix &amp; chilling all day (he's out of town), and him asking "wait, what?! with who?!"
note to self - she loves fruit
hahah i do but i can't really eat them anymore bc of carbs :(
yeah this is why i fell in love with her (also that's probably why kimmy hates her)
denise is adorable i can't hate her
that is also what i assumed. he had unlocked his phone already while in the car, and his friend just shouted...
it's great news for apple that people are talking about siri &amp; homekit though. where's android's contribution?
happy birthday ghute love you so very much, thank you for always being an amazing friend, coworker, and twin ;-)
love you beyond words em thank you so much
thanks to my top interactors! via
sweetheart!
literally all i'm doing
too bad i'm not there...
maybe i shoulda given a hot take warning. i have tix to the jake gyllenhaal sitpwg but i'm still on the fence.
and i never saw pacific overtures. it never really interested me though.
anyone else craving olives? we have a newfound appreciation for the flavor-packed, versatile food.
i actually crave olive oil! how off is that
literally all i'm doing
too bad it's not a rover
my father spent his life building &amp; creating jobs. hillary spent her life selling out america &amp; telling lies. who do you want to lead?
donald, of course. he earned his own way. hillary lived on the largesse of our taxes for decades.
i asked about it. have heard nothing back.
also did he take tax deduction for bondi reimbursement . if cut check directly not deductible. tax returns now
if you can make it through cowboy bebop and not tear up or shrug off those last two episodes, don't @ me anymore
you're gonna carry that weight
i once met a guy from alabama who said three doors down was the best live show he's ever seen and i've irrationally hated the state since
some might say that state is your kryptonite.
fun fact, i might actually be a rocket scientist
you are a scientist as shitlording is a doctor.
facts don't change depending on the site which lists said facts.
do u dispute that "latex condom [have] intrinsic voids about 5 microns (0.0002 inches) in size"?
yeah this is why i fell in love with her (also that's probably why kimmy hates her)
but she can't take my adorableness away from eugene he's my little smol chicken
that moment where angela basset plays cuba gooding jr's sister in ahs.. but was his mom 25 years ago in "boyz in the hood" mela-fuckin-nin
for reference , here are both the movie and the show
that was a major problem for me. i couldn't care less about will.
right, and his rediscovery seemed far more emphasised dramatically than el's exit.
if anyone has an extra mana ticket i will go with you no hesitation!!!
i'm hot, we should've bought tickets fam..
do me but also; do me xo
don't need to ask me twice
long island bagels and nyc bagels suck compared to new jersey bagels. and long island just sucks in general.
where tf did you have bad li bagels bc i know that on the south shore they're the best
we all know white is a social construct. one that many groups have fought hard to be included in. and we know why.
ex: united states v. bhagat singh thind
we're here w/ chef to answer your questions on italian cuisine! send us questions using .
i was asking which oils are the best to cook with
remember when the most gaffe prone politician was ? those days seem so quaint now
dan quale got crucified for making a spelling error
who is that
the nigga that be beating up the supreme niggas lmao
new video up in 2 hours on
groovy xoac
but for those arguing that regulated utilities can do the right thing if allowed space, alp is not the hill to die on.
i mostly agree but high margins could be important for risky investments.
i'm crying rn
you can never cut on me again
what radar component should i use for an issue in inside macintosh: more macintosh toolbox (1993)?
paul are you ok? usually when people say "there are resources if you need help" they don't mean on the file system...
got to love headlines like this.
congratulations!
do u dispute that "latex condom [have] intrinsic voids about 5 microns (0.0002 inches) in size"?
if you are disputing the 5 micron size of the intrinsic voids in latex, then what is their size?
literally the only reason i threw that plugin on
i could watch it all day
dallas cop files lawsuit against black lives matter
i cannot believe this shit
honestly considering going to the store and buying a ton of legos to assemble today.
i'm down. you should come to our
no, we want it dismantled.
and then what would you do? you lower case of iq. you can't run your own life. look at you, you don't know of to &gt;&gt;&gt;
i was worried you picked up a new completely futile and unhealthy weekend hobby. godspeed. or, i dunno salkspeed
this is why god invented the block feature.
vice news reporter arrested outside a donald trump campaign event | vice news
welcome to the new dear leader. don't cross him . if your lucky he will have u arrested
it's pure facts fam ask kain daub
oh i know it 100%, that's why it is so funny to read someone say it lmao
i might be carpooling with some people. i can find out and get back to you?
see but i think i'm coming back from florida on the 15th so i don't think i can even make it
i already said shoooo. only a fool could support someone as corrupt and dishonest as hillary
you think hillary is corrupt &amp; dishonest, so you support trump?! that is hilarious!!!! hrc just likes privacy. trump! omg. read!
"it sounds weird to say it, but nowadays roman reigns is underrated, not overrated." when was he ever overrated lmao
i would say right around the shield days he wasn't getting nearly the hate and everyone was waiting for him to bust out
we were /this/ close for and i to fly to on the devil's fare but jesus intervened!!!
what day are you flying in?
why does it sound like levy and melrose are talking through a megaphone fro far away? tournament off to a great start.
its espn what do you expect. i noticed that too
if you are disputing the 5 micron size of the intrinsic voids in latex, then what is their size?
the site is giving an quantitative measurement. unless u have a differing measurement.....
you definitely should! i can offer a sightseeing tour :-)
i was counting on it! your team is ber-hospitable. :-)
immigrants usually send as much $$ as they can back to homeland. isn't like domestic employees
everything this clown spews is a proven lie. he ignores $20t debt;fact they disproportionately use govt services &amp; lower wages
young heads full of mush wish they could elect michelle obama
what can you say, they are young and obviously on drugs.
congratulations on the 10k
thanks it's a hilly run but a lot of fun.
i'm not so sure if this is a true statement.
hey at least it doesn't say "farm animals and apple pie a la mode" - i'd like my farm animals plain, please
interesting that the us sof only join for the assault on dabiq, basically fulfilling the prophecy.
is gets beat in dabiq, the world keeps going like usual, wonder what daesh says next for idiotiotic 7th century delusions.
bratton served de blasio for less than 3 years. is this a bit much?
. i guess the ceremony marks his retirement from policing as well. still a bit much.
twd season 6 is on netflix i cant believe
my social life is plummeting
oh no they'er remaking high noon. boo hoo. oh wait... they already did that and it was awesome .
copland was actually a remake of high noon.
the site is giving an quantitative measurement. unless u have a differing measurement.....
if the size of the voids in condoms is indeed 5 microns, then that is a verifiable fact.
we were there wednesday, thursday and friday....in harlem tomorrow! check the schedule here -
are u in bklyn now?
but why do you say that?
cause it's fun
am i the only one who's sound from the announcers is off? i mean i know it's levy &amp; melrose but still.
think its fixed..but if this was an nba game that would have never happened
very happy that i didn't damage my iphone beyond a few almost invisible superficial case scratches when i dropped it onto some asphalt.
that sapphire crystal really protected the camera lens. there's only some minor scuffing around the rim of the camera bump.
i would take sunday over night music any day of the week. more humor, great take on being an artist.
i figure i should give it another shot. but the bway revival from 10 years ago nearly put me to sleep. \_()_/
two years ago and i waited for literally 8 hours. then again we're super dumb.
i am still annoyed at the whole process. i should've waited a week.
news outlets spread the lies &amp; racism.
happens on the tv networks too. the word is "lie".
my grandmas birthday is monday. she'll be 85. with her alzheimer's, my dad asked if she knew how old she would be, and she said 50.
my wife's grandfather started singing twinkle twinkle little star in the middle of dinner
this is actually my life
literally one of the most annoying things y'all do.
ok but i love how the plot is like yay u kept faerieland in the sky (neopets has faerieland crash to the ground again ur work was worthless)
yay u trapped the darkest faerie oh..wait..shes missing again
you of all people! consider all the stranded resources! support sustainable computing!
it's a test before we launch 24 of them... i feel real dirty.
"when dave comes to visit me i'm making him bring me a pork roll, egg and cheese because i need it" -l
is this suppose to be funny ?
iphone intercepted at store. delivery crisis '16 resolved. twitter war and calm incensed phone calls a success. thanks for yr thoughts
i'm sorry you had to go through such a thing.
facebook tells me you're nearby.....
get away from my property please
next asn 100 drops in oct. how many spots will this guy rise?
definitely top 5. probably top 3. brooks johnson, pulisic. should be first names on teamsheet.
this is how your hearts appear
unicode, naming things and cache consistency. three things we'll never get right with computers.
i'm crying tara and denise are my mommies
tara is so precious
should i take this airborne that expired in 2013,yes or no?
airborne is nothing, so sure it's fine
in fact, for those kind of statistics- speak to the keeper of "fuck you this is ours now, take your data and gtfo"
few will outdo yahoo, except for probably google
where is this?
my apartment!
i loved playing w them wtf shits intense as helll
right?!?! now what are we suppose to do with our free time fml
in new york for unga.+ + going to be busy week!
why do people call you 'your excellency"? you wouldn't last a day in the shoes of us counterpart.
if the size of the voids in condoms is indeed 5 microns, then that is a verifiable fact.
if the size of the hiv virus is "0.1 micron (4 millionths of an inch)", then that is fact.
fans who are passionate about staying in oakland have to understand 1 thing. until oakland wins over mark nothing else matters
and you do that by providing public $$$$
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
ironic since making stuff up is literally d only thing u hv been doing. u jst admitted d biggest one ysterday!
muaaaah sis.forvotewith me we're voting thebest cancion favorita
voting for our king artista masculino pop/rock
lmao damn really?? asylum was my inspiration for bb once.
it was the most realistic, especially cause i'm a fake history buff, it correlated so much with actual events
this weekend, stop by to win prizes! must purchase museum admission to participate. no additional purchase necessary.
what if you have an annual pass? would that count? my son sonic!
today is also the anniversary of harriet tubman's first escape from slavery! exciting birthday.
also its constitution day!
so theres an edm dude who went to ikea, bought a white garbage can, flipped it upside down, put it on his head, &amp; called himself a dj . wtf
not only that but he thinks he's good too lmao
checc my new vid "keisha"
straight fuego as always.
wow this tweet deserves so much more love. gif game on point
did you notice the mama in the righthand corner watching the little one tumble?
step 2. learn how to type on this thing. colemak? shdurjvk tr saekincs?
kat saw my 20wpm and 30% accuracy while taking it for its first drive.
being vice and nat geo's most dangerous country on earth (often w/ honduras) also leaves us feeling like we're inherently bad ppl
but i want to carve out for folks: there's years of resistance, cultural production, and history that we can take back and be proud of
kessel is coming off surgery, so can't play anyway.
he wasn't named to the team originally tho, right?
hey do these have red tippered tails? like a scarlett cone'd d u n c e. capped tail ?
its unluckey to have inherited p/l monies/ cure your ca$h [p/ll=heretofore, past-life);
it's comeback season
"don't call it a comeback. i been here for years..." -l.l. cool j
it's ok they now what's gonna happen when we play them this year. let them get their laughs in now
right, they're not even worth acknowledging.
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
this proves why you are
yankees lost 2 games and bregman is out for the rest of the season...does it get any worse for me
and any better for me?
louisville beating up fsu 63-17 with five mins to play. is louisville that good (qb now in running for heisman) or is fsu that bad?
everything from louisville is that good.
who called it?!
you called it, but don't get depressed and watch fsu...enjoy the today!
stillpiercer (hunter exclusive) can still drop guardians mid-super.
i think i may have deleted it. eep!
rice university marching band mocks baylor over sexual assault scandal
sad state of affairs when sexual assault becomes a point of humor and is mocked by others! what about the victims!?!
given where we are at politically today, this essay from last april seems fitting.
i'll be sharing this soon. its my full-on call out of trumps 'strategy' on muslims
"... even when used faultlessly 100 percent of the time." source:
"condoms may curb gonorrhea in heterosexual intercourse - but only for men!"
pedroia k'd looking and he is ripped. flings his bat away.
that was just a nasty and terrific pitch
you can dislike dowd, cnn or gates and still acknowledge this is insane behavior for a person running for president.
insane? no. petulant, childish, and undignified? absolutely.
san francisco really needs a nando's.
well, we went to the one in wellington and it was... not good
why do they black out the game on the internet? is there a legit reason????
where do you see that?
whats the most useless normal or command normal of your main char and why? mine is sims st.lk more start up and less hitstun than st.lp
nash's mk, hk is usually better as far as anti-air cr.mp can comfirm into target combo but might as well do more damage
agreed. i paid a shameful amount for that last night music revival
i really wanted to see czj/angela or bernadette/elaine but then i was like, "oh yeah i hate this show."
these young innovators are driving astounding progress in their fields.
. nice! cause the old people trying to sink it, they know whats up.
two weeks after trump visits mexico they're copying his ideas.
mexico builds a wall! we are next!
that is your assumption. you are wrong, of course. jesus was born to mary, who was jewish.
that's not an assumption. it is called knowledge.
girl. i haz whiplash and 2 concussions. and imm on my way to see
and i thought my sore feet and headache were bad. bless your soul
why are there so many damn flies here
you're attracting them
turns out that flying with three laptops is one of many things that confuses tsa. (travel day, nyc-lon)
whereas flying with circuit boards, soldering iron and 1600 keyswitches doesn't faze them.
when he twists your words
when she twists and wrenches your heart, playing with your emotions.
that is your assumption. you are wrong, of course. jesus was born to mary, who was jewish.
mary was born of an immaculate conception, meaning she wasn't jewish.
doing the same. waiting to get my 7 on friday so i'll check out ios 10 on that.
oh i couldn't wait! i updated later that evening it's just that i usually update the minute apple releases the new os haha
i might, i also wanna try inu x boku ss tho
dude it's a a shame the anime and manga won't be completed ;_; the author had another manga i was reading too. she was great
saying bye with tears in my eyes but a full heart. i'm leaving a part of my in san francisco. xx .
guarantee you will go home &amp; sleep for two days straight! great time.
hey friends, what are your thoughts? do pickles belong on po'boys?
only if you ordered it dressed, which imho you should always do...
real new england clam chowder makes me happy as a clam.
how is the book?
outland is and will always be fantastic.
is outland the one with sean connery as a space miner?
mary was born of an immaculate conception, meaning she wasn't jewish.
she wouldn't have had an immaculate conception if a jew were involved.
skrt (remix) is the shit tho
his whole album is the shit tho honestly lol
keep those good memories close to your heart. :)
thanks debbie... some days are just harder :)
yes! passions boilbecause we are voting for the best artista del ano
voting for our king artista masculino pop/rock
he followed the religion of abraham, the hebrew religion aka as judaism.
jesus brought christianity to earth.
what even is this?
been trying to figure it out since last night. still not sure
"to the batmobile!" ...and where's the bat-emoji?
i hope you wear your bat suit to the the tonight!!
of parroting what their advisors say is the right thing to say. a person like that isnt a leader.
just because one says what they feel does not make a good leader. that's like writing a shitty song. is that s
going through an insufferable phase where i'm thinking about poetry a lot. anyway i like the proposals @ the end:
this essay from 1991 is still good but it makes a dumb argument that producing quality art &gt; producing high quantities of it. yeah no shit
special thanks to my good friend for joining me on a few songs this last few days.
it is always a special pleasure to join you onstage with my and e-bow. congratulations on this magical tour!
they wanted 9k a day for 3 days to keep bruh alive "goldfish undergoes $375 surgery"
so sorry for your loss
people should spend less time contemplating why trump is so popular (because he isn't) and more on why clinton is so unpopular.
sexism and lazy, superficial journalism
saying bye with tears in my eyes but a full heart. i'm leaving a part of my in san francisco. xx .
season 2 of is calling your name!
they returned to canaan after centuries in egypt and established judea (area of juda's tribe)
no, jews never "returned" anywhere. jews were slaves who originated in the neo-babylonian era.
2 months and you should come out here after
fuck it why not
even more frustrating is the fact that a high score or recommend from other services oftentimes leads nowhere
still thinking of shelling out $75 for the review, as a high score there could be beneficial. but the extra $25? i'm poor!
this is islam..not isis, not radical islamic extremist just your basic pos muslim... we will get rid of islam in usa
and &amp; want to bring these people here. thats fine move them in next door to chelsea
"correct the record" email from wikileaks. disgusting!
everyone loses until everyone gets those banksters we all inadvertently "work for" sad!
nope...st. james, ny....on long island
i just saw ugh way to far! can you swing by bklyn?
you don't know mark knight either
no one knows mark knight. is he even real?
jameis played nevada and pitt which might even be worse. the stats are facts lol
pitt alone is twice the team uf will play for most of this year.
also lasht night
my new reaction pic
caught it on video. happens when i leave screen sharing open and let the machine sleep then wake it up again
satisfying constraints is hard
not what i am looking for. i host a podcast show. need something like skype but works on a chromebook
i just saw the words video &amp; recording &amp; chromebook. which is what we do. if audio only &amp; not streaming -
this essay from 1991 is still good but it makes a dumb argument that producing quality art &gt; producing high quantities of it. yeah no shit
"hey guys instead of writing 100 bad poems why not just write 2 good ones" - that's stupid but also, how do you think we get the 2 good ones
season 2 of is calling your name!
yes, it is!
i make the best eggplant parm!
tempting- when is dinner? that's my fave
i'll take a hard pass.
mostly i just wish people weren't such dicks all the time
they returned to canaan after centuries in egypt and established judea (area of juda's tribe)
wrong. judea was not "established". judea = a mountainous region. mountains aren't "established"
some days i feel like gandhi. other days, i feel like ghengis kahn. this election has caused the latter to dominate. my apologies.
take a deep breath aiden: let the gandhi surface-here's a little secret- hill's going to win, dt has no intentions of being pres
crazy maureen dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing , pretends she knows me well--wrong!
she's a but she knows you're
what a nice surprise. reunited with my m.a.p.p. mentee . haven't seen her in yrs.
new acquisition: "do you want more?!!!??!" by .
i need a dinner invite :)
lol! karen. let's go. i have the wine
gotta say i'm super excited at the prospect of being able to represent at the rally in nyc. fingers crossed it works out :)
. 8 or 80, it'll still be grand, but i just wish people saw how important this is, ya know
its unluckey to have inherited p/l monies/ cure your ca$h [p/ll=heretofore, past-life);
yeah yeah yeah. french jews got it maid.
just because one says what they feel does not make a good leader. that's like writing a shitty song. is that s
someone that you want representing you to the world. the most powerful man in the world should not be so inflammatory. he's supposed
you're going to the man concert today?!
yesssssss are you?
this is what people were up in arms over? it adds no weight. easy to leave attached. easy to take off.
followed your instructions but doesn't work
so every child whose parents help them get started isn't worthy of respect for their achievements?
$1m loan and connections. dad's bailout in ac $9m and a large inheritance. bank's help as well. very big help. tax return
senator refuses to stand during pledge of allegiance via
then he needs to resign from the senate or be thrown out on his ass.
you have a script hosted at the moment? i can tweet the link if you like
yeah, i do. i like to keep my stuff out into the open. but no views. you gotta spend the extra $75. which i don't have.
no, we want it dismantled.
i will hire law office and play with you in court for a decade just for the fun of it. don't fuck with us jews. &gt;&gt;&gt;
mirrors edge is free with gold on 360!? that is awesome dude, one of my top 10 games ever
never played it. is it any good?
i get upset at entitlement. why not serve in the military &amp; give back to the country. the royals do that in the uk &amp; grow up.
this is a whole other discussion. yes?
haha i can't respect someone who has never played the position so its best you take a back seat on this one bro bro!!!
bro he only got that ring cuz of lebron and kyrie lmaoo
have you actually ever had an argument over food ??
i can see her getting sassy if someone ate her pizza or tacos - for real
missing paradise with this one rn
how could you not. if that ain't paradise i don't know what is.
how do you store your parmesan?
can you freeze cheese?
wrong. judea was not "established". judea = a mountainous region. mountains aren't "established"
judea is merely the southern portion of palestine. it is a geographic region.
parents already bought me tickets home. they miss me. i'm great.
im trynna study and do hw and you fucks are not helping
me and teal have a open pad!!
10 hornitos to the face
cats are lame and cats is bad. just walked out of the second act. why are people so into this mess of a thing? why did i come here? why???
i've been trying to give away free tickets to the second act of cats for the past 20 minutes, but no one wants to make the same mistake.
no, we want it dismantled.
we're not gonna keep quite this time.
followed your instructions but doesn't work
the future of computing. all keyboard, no screen.
it's comeback season
speaking of season. let's plan a snow trip.
i'm going to sampha at swedish american hall in san francisco, ca - oct 30
i need to cop tickets. missed out on the brainfeeder shows this week.
another fanboy?
oh yes another one
no, jews never "returned" anywhere. jews were slaves who originated in the neo-babylonian era.
canaan no longer existed when jews first appeared in palestine.
the bushes are helping the clintons today. kasich is rallying for obama. i'm glad everyone's cards on are the table.
that's why i told the to stuff it when they called for a donation.
wearing this tomorrow so i better hurry it up!!
i hope this looks better once i'm painted white????
she was at 67% approval in 2013, which seems to have gone down the memory hole.
her approval rating was high as sos and i think it will be up there again as potus.
software i miss in my life: (1) rdio. (2) sunrise calendar. (3) ragnarok online.
i miss rdio primarily because the ux was one of the best i've seen in a music streaming application. like playback syncing between devices.
lmao my dad would prob hang out with you and drink beer with you
so down for that. we'll listen to moose blood and drink some dad beers
what is the best italian dish to make for large crowds of people (potlucks, reunions, etc.)?
lasagna! it's so filling!
oh well. fuck you
i got a test sunday and im very unprepared
slide them over here
u got $1000 to spare for beyondroid ? lol
have you ever seen me and mark knight at the same time? just sayin
i've never seen you ever and i would like to keep it that way
ugh i still need to try it!
luger's was better.
hillary birther america's memory is so bad, they forget the 2007-08 clinton camp actually started
yup! hillary apparently forgot too!
way to bring attention to the most vile fringe on the internet!
the vile ones came to . don't blame the victim. this stuff is sickening &amp; terrifying.
someone that you want representing you to the world. the most powerful man in the world should not be so inflammatory. he's supposed
to try to keep us at peace. not say things so he gets more air time. the birther garbage alone screams racism. he takes what people
what if they threw every requested page through a parser and optimiser before throwing it back up the pipe?
better still, how about a blender. no, should not decide for me what form content i write is in when actually delivered.
i feel ur pain. i haven't been making more than one or two decent writing days per wk happen.
go on a date you have our permission end the drought and it will all come back
better punch out before someone gets punched out
i hate this fucking place
penn state honoring joe paterno is a disgrace and a slap in the face to the victims. they should be ashamed.
what happened today had nothing to do with the that. just honoring 45 years of excellence on the field.
bldg code imposed costs are responsible for a much higher % of overall cost on very small projects (like adus)
yes, a key area bldg code (+ permitting, zoning) needs reform.
yeah, i'm a little overwhelmed by the size of nyc. getting to the morning part may be tough for me, but i'll try.
. hehe. i grew up in nyc, then returned to do two postgrads at uni. i still find it overwhelming sometimes! lol
hey would anyone one wanna take these guys
(willie has a design + art but you dont have to use it but you totally can if u wanna lol)
you may believe mary had an immaculate conception for jesus, but she was a jewish gal. fact.
you have no idea what u are talking about.
i miss rdio primarily because the ux was one of the best i've seen in a music streaming application. like playback syncing between devices.
also, easily use the desktop app to download songs to your smartphone. or use your smartphone to control playback from the desktop.
really is tho
really isn't tho
it's almost time! join us for a party! our twitter party will be starts at 3pm et - fun, prizes &amp; more!
do you see my questions?
bruh were in college that's every day
bet your ear is wet after that
watching beauty &amp; the beast blu-ray for i think the 1st time since i've owned it. apparently this is special/extended. unsure what to expect
expect some jarring and unnecessary additions about halfway through
when they ask to come in on your days off dont do it all the time...you have a life aswell
this is good advice but i'm one of those ):
new banner for the new term. looks familiar? we should catch up.
yes! in nyc for un related events but back late monday. next week sometime?
i can find you plenty of vile left wing hillary supporters too. it's twitter, it's 2016 come on
false equivalency is false.
because the israelite are those who lived in judea, and judea is where judaism was practiced
i have no idea what u are talking about.
you have a script hosted at the moment? i can tweet the link if you like
been trying to get on , but i think having a movie out hurts my chances, makes it seem like i'm not an amateur.
if hillary clinton have the chance to appoint 2 to 4 supreme court justices, it could change our republic forever.please christians go vote.
amen! freedom of religion and speech and 2nd amendment will disappear under hillary!
where's steffi with her typing speeds!
, save us-- you're our only hope!
please tell me there will be a season 3 of dark matter. you can't leave it on that cliffhanger!!
no more wondering, will be back with season 3.
nah deadass you should lol it's only easy for me cuz my grandparents right from africa lmao
yeah i heard they can tell what tribe you from by the bone structure of ya face
sure it was. judea is where judaism was, the religion practices in judea was judaism.
christians were in judea, so u are wrong.
what if they threw every requested page through a parser and optimiser before throwing it back up the pipe?
they are just serving *search* results, ffs. leave my content alone.
stuffing my face with eggplant parm! cuz i needed sauce!
i just started drinking cupcake brand wine! oh so good that red is nice!
because the israelite are those who lived in judea, and judea is where judaism was practiced
israelites did not practice jewry.
also, easily use the desktop app to download songs to your smartphone. or use your smartphone to control playback from the desktop.
with sunrise calendar, scheduling meetings was fun and easy. also, meet made finding a time to meet with friends simple.
wisconsin also beat lsu
pretty typical wisconsin season then...
$1m loan and connections. dad's bailout in ac $9m and a large inheritance. bank's help as well. very big help. tax return
his main achievement is that he is a con artist. hype, fraud and bankruptcy is his mo. will do the same to usa.
public service reminder: verse is a treasure we should cherish and gary actually knows a lot about football. also, they don't hate your team
preach* *pun very much intended
media have learned: do not let voters see the candidate! that could be dangerous.
best laugh of this entire season! beautifully played!
such a beautiful day today so glad sf is finally getting its summer, the week it officially turns fall
oh good! i made it back here just in time for it then!
yes, a key area bldg code (+ permitting, zoning) needs reform.
but also, building code isn't all (clearly) health+safety based. eg room/unit min size, energy code, trade interests
photo gallery from in build. launch. scale.
these are really outstanding. thank you
we live in the most beautiful city. you can't look outside today and tell me otherwise. don't want to hear it.
life is what you make of it.
thank you
you're welcome
of course not, but to play the "she started it game" is silly. trump's been banging the birther drum for 8 years.
's logic totally reminded me of my fifth grader
i make the best eggplant parm!
still asking if you can freeze cheese!!
some see circumcision as a form child abuse, i actually agree. it isn't, however, castration.
then you don't know the def. of 'castration'.
it's the islam study: "religiosity...is a primary motivator" for individuals to become foreign fighters for jihad
so it is not islamism as you said in the past? stop confusing the public.
big kiss to the good luck today!!
sending love from the kids and i!!!!!
he's awful. but not my point. people tweet feeling they're achieving something. likely not. face to face stuff needed.
what do i say to someone face to face? "don't vote for trump because racism is bad"? they don't care.
hillary's been her childhood pen pal, her graduation cheering section, and her friend. meet aleatha:
she is still crooked lying hillary that will tax us to death to appease the enemies of freedom &amp; prosperity. check venezuela
to try to keep us at peace. not say things so he gets more air time. the birther garbage alone screams racism. he takes what people
are scared of a uses it to his advantage. he knows that nothing that he promises will come to fruition. that would be crazy.
levels before cosmetic after lvl 30, up untill then, it affects wild pokes levels. so maximizing exp/hr. is important
completely disagree. the limiting factor is stardust, so a function of grinding + pokestop density
we're so sorry about the experience you're having. we want to make things right. please dm us your email so we can take a look
dmd. but it's gotten a little bit beyond that now. lies, swearing, holding hostage...wtf?!
with sunrise calendar, scheduling meetings was fun and easy. also, meet made finding a time to meet with friends simple.
and with ragnarok online, i don't know what about it held my attention for 6+ years, but it really is the only mmo that i've been hooked on.
explosion in trash can likely timed to disrupt marine corps charity run; other pipe bombs found, officials say.
remember, biden says terrorism is not a existentialist problem for americans. you just might have a pipebomb in the trash
on what days should i upload? for other days, any suggestions?
saturday will probably be accessible to more people, especially if you are consistently uploading every saturday, it's a good idea
i think it bothers me that i got taken like that. i'm usually much smarter.
you are smart! they are trained to trick smart people. if you weren't smart, they would have left you alone
he's awful. but not my point. people tweet feeling they're achieving something. likely not. face to face stuff needed.
"don't vote for trump because his policies are incoherent and contradictory"? they don't care
molly becki mary &amp; even sydney. we off errything...
i actually am speechless
, the alt-right's very own twitter, is the ultimate filter bubble - seems like a way to phish for contact info.
...by which i mean that people are an interesting affinity group for con artists to target. valuable to collect them in one place.
yup. apathy is a killer.
. you see, that's why i got nothin but love for you irish. you put your whole hearts into everything! it's...inspiring.
w.p. kinsella, author of novel that became acclaimed movie 'field of dreams', dies at 81
rest in peace!
awesome! that will be something to look forward to.
yup. might be the first dvd i've bought in a while. :)
shut your gay ass up
spit in my mouth lotus
xtian site. try reading a factual site, not an anti abortion xtian propaganda site
i guess you won't be posting any liberal sources then, if that's how you play.
tom albertrani doesnt win often...but when he does...it costs me money
same here brotha. needed his win today to come in race 2
... cuz someone asked for it.
man, i was never a fan of the snapchat filters so i've never really used them, but do they really change you that much?
so it is not islamism as you said in the past? stop confusing the public.
counterjihad promotes the notion that islam will reform. how about we debate that issue on your radio show?
think i'm done for now... we'll see
what were the folkie roasts ? i missed them
you have a script hosted at the moment? i can tweet the link if you like
i miss the good old days of triggerstreet and other free sites that served as beneficial for your script...
any phone system: "please note: our menu options have changed" : "has the ever been a place whose menu options *haven't* changed?"
"sweet jesus hold on let me get a pen so i don't forget these!"
just hanging out with oh and
omg the t lee pic plz post that in the group
and with ragnarok online, i don't know what about it held my attention for 6+ years, but it really is the only mmo that i've been hooked on.
maybe it was the art style or the community. i just know that it holds a special place in my heart and hope to find another game like it.
i know i've been under 30 this summer would be a fun title to contend for
ended up with 38.5 in that lineup
you travel a lot !! good on you ...
i'm trapped in a basement office most of my work days, gotta get out and explore when i can :)
i have yet to see a gym held down long than an hour in the city. and they can just be brute forced into submission.
we hit an overlap so i took both and clark claimed both while i fought. he got a kick out of cashing twenty
sure it was. judea is where judaism was, the religion practices in judea was judaism.
the judea region predates jewry. judea was not jewish.
bryce forever talkin shit even though he ain't shit
i won't tolerate the disrespect to god
those amf's were no joke lol
baffleck approves
you can delete most of the apps now....
. i am excitedly efforting
where it at
i'm thinking 72. cause we're playing tennis right now and i don't think niggas play that
can't. have to switch to app.
can't. have to update app.
my best option to print something right now requires taking the l to union square. seems a little fucked up.
there's some print shops on bedford
because the israelite are those who lived in judea, and judea is where judaism was practiced
the israelites are those who made the exodus from egypt.
i swear like yesterday u guys were still saying it was 100+ days away h
it feels like it
this is a pretty stunning attack. dowd is trump's best friend in this campaign. she hates hillary. dumb. also sad!
-how long will it take for the press to figure out that trump is an existential threat?
the israelites are those who made the exodus from egypt.
there were no jews in the exodus.
can't. have to update app.
can't. have to accept terms and conditions.
it also makes the mistake of saying that for poetry to be more vital, one thing it needs is more robust literary criticism
easy to see why a literary critic might argue such a thing, but "more criticism" is almost never the recipe for revitalizing an artform
those news and music have improved a lot!
oh now don't you start with apple music, apple music is satan
yes. but better to legalize more trailer courts than more half-vacant highrises, hm?
thankfully around here, the law, in its majestic equality, forbids both trailer courts and highrises
i will send you a pic as soon as i have one xxx
good luck today!! congratulations!
we will be in harlem tomorrow...starting at 2 pm see our site for the complete schedule
cant go there! (- work work work
i have bernie's album. i'm probably slightly to the left of bernie politically. i'm absolutely voting for hillary.
dems are on their own from now on, i'm fed up, i will not abide election fraud
can't. have to accept terms and conditions.
can't. have to update payment method.
are scared of a uses it to his advantage. he knows that nothing that he promises will come to fruition. that would be crazy.
the insulting of people who served when he was living off of his dad's money, the racial schism, saying what people are afraid to
i voted for bernie, wd love to see social demo, but for the life of me don't understand the glee at her failures
check out ,'s latest "it's bernie's fault" paroxysms. that's harder to understand.
, save us-- you're our only hope!
actually, never mind. i don't think the internet works in new mexico.
let's paddle and support . thank you for sharing your love of boating and nyc.
thanks for your support! moonlight paddle was thurs, but we're open to 4:30p today &amp; tmw 9a-4:30p weather permitting!
for some reason my niece thinks elway needs to be upside down
well, he is one of a kind
can't. have to update payment method.
can't. operation timed out.
not really:
hillary could've prevented the iraq war. she didn't out of political ambition. unforgivable.
what the actual f#@%
this is fucking bizarre.
i'm on twitter on my laptop and my mom is dead behind my shoulder asking me who everyone on my timeline is... please
there was a picture of that nurse with the big booty on my timeline and she asking me "who's that?"
seriously folks, we are either color blind or we are not. contect and character are what matters. the rest is superficial.
ok get real saying bigot every time you disagree with them &amp; the "its cause he is black" excuse causes most racisim
so how was your sexcapade?
paying the price for it today
if u like sweet wine you have to try this!! love!
that looks good! is it made upstate?
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
looks like the breitbart gang is polishing trump social media
they're still shit bagels, you're just ignorant to it.
so you're saying jersey bagels are shit?
is this for real!?
are they kidding?!?!? this is amazing
my mother is displeased with the seminoles performance today.
buster as well
actually, the jews were the chosen people so...yes, very reasonable god chose a jew for that.
jews were chosen for the ovens by hitler.
what happened to quoted tweet? just dissappeared.
, probably blocked it from her account. i can still see it.
then you could extend http to include compression requests. optimise html. no images. etc. just like you can ask for .zip.
screw it, ban everything that isn't unicode &amp; everybody just fork lynx.
if u like sweet wine you have to try this!! love!
d'oh calif! lol to much vino 4 me
don't threaten me with a good time
then kill my brother and have your sewing kit ready
actually, the jews were the chosen people so...yes, very reasonable god chose a jew for that.
in the bible tho, jews were not "chosen" for anything.
i can do this thing.
absolutely!
my beautiful baby girl. such a proud mum
she's beautiful !!
wow, thank you for the follow ! ;-) making new twitter friends is so .
great chatting with you guys, always love to connect. across 3 countries nonetheless!
the insulting of people who served when he was living off of his dad's money, the racial schism, saying what people are afraid to
is completely calculated. he's just trying to put a notch in his belt. except for some hiccups, he's completely calculated.
if u like sweet wine you have to try this!! love!
i am trying regional ones from ny nj! supporting us
. sorry, babe--stand by my statement. not that i give a damn, but check out merriam webster collegiate dictionary. boom
sorry, yaffle. it's the only one. it's wrong too. check out: webster without merriam cambridge oxford
wake up america ! clean up crooked.
put her in guantanamo where she belongs.
gotta do this
me too i need to re-up on sweats
k i'm over that anyway i miss you
i never wanna do that again
it seems you believe mary herself was born from immaculate conception. claim not supported.
that's what the immaculate conception is, the conception of mary inside anne's womb.
me when the woman at chipotle tells me my bowl is free just because.
i know why ...
maybe you count mark non-essential bits with a &lt;nobloat&gt; tag.
and do not forget &lt;/nobloat&gt; on the other side of each useless bit
great explanation from as to why is nearly impossible to submit.
overeem has 9 guillotine finishes on his record, not as if it was out of the blue for him. 20/20 hindsight
this coward blocked me &amp; is tweeting at me from behind that block. his real name is robert crosier.
and you just know this imbecile thinks he really "got you". pathetic
take a deep breath aiden: let the gandhi surface-here's a little secret- hill's going to win, dt has no intentions of being pres
here's the logic: dt has over 30 million supporters that will become an instant audience to his trump network. goodbye
those people are not homogenous! our intellectual - liberal bias is almost as bad. not all are racists.
you are living in a fantasyland a long, long way from this election.
chrome all the way, works like magic. fuck safari
okay, thought so. thanks.
who lf1 for tomorrow's qualifier? just trying to shoot my gun
i might be playing with
wild video=&gt; muslim horde storms through mall of american on eid al adha holiday
celebrating at the expense of others americans do not "celebrate" by taking away the rights of others!
christians believe jesus began it as an adult but he was born to jewish mama &amp; so was jewish
no, jesus brought christianity to earth when he was conceived in mary's womb.
major s/o to all of dv's a1 photographers, you guys are so awesome!!
thanksthanksthanks
i hate to alarm you, but apparently they now make wheels out of things that aren't wood.
and see who we get running for office as a result?!?
people should spend less time contemplating why trump is so popular (because he isn't) and more on why clinton is so unpopular.
you should ask yourself why you're a huge cuckold.
nah, jesus had suggestions for revisions of some jewish laws, he still celebrated passover
i don't know what "jewish law" means. cite the bible verse to support your claim.
just finished a big rankings sweep. [$]
is there a way times what changes you've made?
i figured because i missed last night i needed to participate in this. miss you both. october 2016 is my return.
cool can't wait
why i everyone's birthday in september
lmao sex on new years.
oh so he wants to deport 11 million people "big league" not "bigly." much better, totally on board now.
i was saying boourns
those people are not homogenous! our intellectual - liberal bias is almost as bad. not all are racists.
look at trump's record this week alone and tell me how to argue sensibly with someone who still supports him anyway.
found it in liquor store in mohegan lake.
i did a wine tour in long island to a few wineries.what a grandtrip
someone drive to sonoma state with me to see chris young next week. pls
let's go!! i was thinking about going to see all my sonomies!!!
cool can't wait
gonna be a fun month
summed up perfectly.
any idea what jacket brady is wearing??
at wherever the game is
wait, i thought you knew. can you call bevo?
honey nicki is a flop try again.
is it you stan? lmfao bye
the half empty cups of water all around my apartment are an aesthetic choice ma, get some fucking culture
an installation. "on optimism."
matthew 12:30 he that is not with me is against me; and he that gathereth not with me, scattereth abroad
jesus repeated this in luke 11:23. those who are not with jesus are against him. who are your friends?
that's your choice miss had to buy khakis
shush. be happy i have a job now
come hang. come buy things. 179 oakdale bohemia road. until 4:00
since when/how much
leader notes: what i remember is not loss, fear, nor anger, but heroism, sense of community and strength.
john, even after the public rememberings, yours is a powerful and important memory.
...by which i mean that people are an interesting affinity group for con artists to target. valuable to collect them in one place.
so a trending hashtag on gab, the pro-hate social network, is . they should do some dead baby jokes while they're at it.
keep fighting buddy, i know you can pull through.
that's our boy man. i'll let you know how he's doing. text me when you can brother.
see a doctor treating psychos .. will help in the long run ..
you are a fucking wimp.stay in your shit.because i retaliate,the result could be deadly for a wimp.keepaway
very first impression was in middle school i think you know my first expression on you lol
i lowkey do but then i lowkey don't
how mapmakers make mountains rise off the page via
you may also enjoy my parks vid mood board: &amp; definitely check out
boy genius! we're pouring cereal milk lattes at our pop up this am. he's ahead of his time.
he's all yours !!
nfl hell: eagles plan demonstration for 'social injustice'...
this may be the first year ever that i watch no football in my house.
if you're not 100% serious all of the time, what's really the point in ever being serious any of the time
that's why when strange men tell me to smile, i reply: "why break my streak now?" (btw: r u going 2 airwaves?)
i mean you had one
but now i have 2
friends: "are you coming out tonight" me:
lmao legit. now i'm tired from last night and probably staying in
going thru my facebook ad preferences, and hoo boy do they have opinions on me
"first class travel" "lemur"
welllll i didn't go to cali for it
haha! i'll pick ya up one if my travels take me there!
$cl $dxy $spx the single biggest macro event risk never talked about is the slow demise of petro $.this is why wars are fought cc:
how would that express itself?
what are you doing in my neck of the woods again?
keynoting a conference on women's health &amp; wellness. should be fun!
nice opening drive. we might mot win a lot this year but syracuse's offense is so much more fun to watch than it has been in a long time.
let's win some more
another weekend of english soccer destroying tv ratings. hello, and ? time for promotion/relegation usa soccer
i would like to see more home grown local stars.
i bet that was fun!
&lt;-- needs to tour nyc for us to taste
my view of the ring from press row.
not a bad seat dougie!!!! nice!!! it's almost show time....
shit is going to be a goody ! coming through
where you finna be at
very good article lisa, thanks for sharing
and thank you for sharing it. much appreciated
is completely calculated. he's just trying to put a notch in his belt. except for some hiccups, he's completely calculated.
i can run down the street being an asshole, that doesn't mean anyone should follow me. both candidates are awful. please look around
this is ridiculous. this james river company doesn't seem any good at all
99% of tnc drivers rely on james river insurance. you guys are fooling yourselves &amp; are a risk to us all. ask
i freeze cheese for cooking- grates/shreds easier!
thanks! can u freeze soft cheese to? like creamcheese?
smh fam a bonehead
i couldn't even laugh. i was astonished. do you know him ha?
n thank you for following me as well hope you have an amazing day
kicking back with the grandkids. can't beat it!
not on my watch
thanks babe
new clinton ad brutally exposes trump's birther lies via
now if the media would just follow suit and start calling him out every time he lies!
so much fun planning and executing a surprise military homecoming. will and sara were awesome...such a great moment!
so jealous!!!! that's awesome! wish i had been there!
you're goddamn right pavs is the best option for captain
dislike them questioning why pavs is wearing the c
don't even wanna celebrate my bday anymore
omg being up for 18 hours really messes with your head, real hallei would never had said this
a hot jogger just silenced two men who'd been yelling obscenities at each other with "hey, there's kids around here!"
there weren't, but i'm here swoonin
it works, takes all my music and has the streaming on top of it.
ok i'm going to fight you about apple music :)))))
do you realize trump didn't say blacks are lazy??? stop lying.
here you go
the endless stories about star wars rogue one toys being found in walmart prior to st date proves that retailer doesn't give a rip anymore.
nope they don't. i still am salty about giant man being ruined for me by lego months before the release.
i'm bored out of my mind and don't know what to do.
3s on black ops 3 or ghosts
hey! we have a new board for cognitive science, would you post your tweet also at
i don't know how to do that. is this ?
when you are exactly what you think you are
goood fuckin game ous! u already no i pulled up! u2 bedell u the truthh
looks like is in today(!) are we in the printed edition? if yes, could someone get me a copy? reward awaits.
looks cool. holding copy for you.
i freeze cheese for cooking- grates/shreds easier!
ty.i just looked! my mom freezes it all. creamcheese to cottagecheese. ugh
your husband, bill clinton looks at women and decides if he wants to rape them on a scale of 1 to 10.
. her husband is not running for prez. he already was, twice! something trump will never be
my nipples are bursting with delight! given the 10k reward i'm surprised an arrest took this long.
it's amazing you have them left. they do seem to burst a lot. most be horribly scarred.
see a doctor treating psychos .. will help in the long run ..
go see he ram you wimp.might make you a muslims,pigs raped hindu women. suicidefru.
so a trending hashtag on gab, the pro-hate social network, is . they should do some dead baby jokes while they're at it.
the logical conclusion for gab is that isis discovers it and uses it as a recruiting ground. that's the one free speech twitter/fb does ban.
and you haven't even got to season 2 yet...
yeah just wait for s2!!!
the charge/listen to simultaneously gripe is silly too. situation only happens when i'm at my desk-i can listen to on my mac
on an airplane/train is the other situation i can think of.
should i make a thread of my favorite conspiracy theories?
i clicked no but meant yes
lets go cats!
hello follow me
would be nice. could get to the magical number of six.
would be awesome. lots of pieces back next year.
finally met the yesterday. it's not every day that the people i interview hug me after. i could get used to that.
did you ask them why hellevator was such a disappointment? i liked american mary so much!
oh shit, then we definitely have to go
what are you guys up to tonight?
awe, love you
love you too
making food for/with people i care about is really a way i show affection.
this is like act of service, quality time, and gifts all rolled into one damn.
i see this tweet, but haven't seen another come through my feed. use to chat. :)
i am! who's asking the questions
vice news reporter arrested outside a donald trump campaign event | vice news
he was charged for trespassing you ignorant libtards. has nothing to do with trump himself.
flicking a cigarette bud is a skill.
you have to practice when you can because cigarette buds don't grow on trees
these announcers suck, but let's goooooooooooooooooo!
can't wait for next weekend's game
i can run down the street being an asshole, that doesn't mean anyone should follow me. both candidates are awful. please look around
and see the people that are standing with you. supremacists, misogynists, gun nuts, people who are living vicariously through him
lol fake bobby is fake bobby:
for a tweet and a reddit post from months ago?
i think i might have another coffee and see if i can map out the chain of causality there. or has someone got some lsd?
your ride has arrived, sir.
even after almost winning the cup, he still is underrated to these guys
typical east coast announcers! also it's espn shocked any of them even know what hockey anymore!
wait, you have astoria and vermont in your life? no one wins more than you!
aww you are so sweet! yea it's perfect - family in vt and i live in the city. having both is key to happiness.
true. we're pretty good when the goal is straightforward and easy to grasp. especially our young people.
. !lotsa youth were canvassing 4 during . also got to know a bunch involved w/ ovr there
spotted in michigan: man gives phony $50 bill to girl's charity lemonade stand
your thinking of assuming he took a hundred dollar tax deduction for the fake fifty.
nah she gotta be retarded
i was done when i read 2500 a month
does that include dms?
doubt it. coaches got to recruit them on there too ha
i like tidal...but not putting work into something that has 0 chance of being around in near future. had spotify.....
i know i know, but apple music is so fucking awful.
bought my mom tickets to see them last night in vegas
hell yea you are
even if that were true, he's going to be a ph v rh only which was point. nice, but hardly game changer
there's really no reason to not be incredibly happy and optimistic about this news. so let's be happy and optimistic
is there a fan project out there that removes shakira from zootopia?
is there a fan project that put's cher instead?
obama's pattern of malfeasance is clear. he is flaunting constitutional limits on his authority, violating the law.
we need to impeach ... he is a threat to america ... traitor!
that was bad
horrendous turnover....reminded me of ron wilson sharks days
you just sprinting coffee shops?
just bored really and it's nice to get a bit away from downtown and soma for a bit before heading home.
good job! we must not let the trumps get away with lying to us. please keep up the good work. with admiration &amp; ty.
thanks so much
levels before cosmetic after lvl 30, up untill then, it affects wild pokes levels. so maximizing exp/hr. is important
also if fighting in guns is such a waste of time what it's the point of min maxing stats?
nah she gotta be retarded
and cooked 4 times like wut
the logical conclusion for gab is that isis discovers it and uses it as a recruiting ground. that's the one free speech twitter/fb does ban.
pro-isis tweets might qualify as "terrorism" or "threats of violence." the tos is likely for their own legal protection as much as anything.
louisville is no joke. best qb in the ncaa.
he is definitely a freak.
only those of us who give a shit. sometimes it feels like we're tired parents trying to drag an entire country out of bed.
. irish activists have treated me with such kindness, each time i've written about .
omg thanks i will surely do :)
italian food for dinner!
i've been trying to give away free tickets to the second act of cats for the past 20 minutes, but no one wants to make the same mistake.
btw i still have no clue wtf jellicle cats are
i'm going to see the 4:15 of hush, hush, sweet charlotte at . join me if you're in nyc today!
ah! decided at last minute to go to later show...
3rd year of free drinks
yay! did everything go smoothly with the lines for you this year?
some 'you are what you eat' logic. i'm gonna need a bw nutritionist to cosign this theory before i give up coconut oil
put it in my tea this morning and everything
i was just looking at this
he does that as a joke hes been wearing them for a minute
i will not be ashamed into disliking pumpkin spice. u can go ahead and enjoy your bland coffee while i scoff in my pumpkin kingdom
this is such a tricia tweet
nooo it's the best!
chicago is the one! new york is just so boring! just shops and tall buildings. not for nay. when u next in usa?xx
it's nearly deer season...they think the same thing when i take to the high country;)
not that i'm enjoying such a comparison!
where is your sunday morning nfl talk show on ?
if we did one it would be thursday night i decided for more replay capability but still holding
branding fail evidence that the campaign, pundits and msm are working together. let's push "power through"
their entire message &amp; branding have been off. they keep changing messages as more lies are exposed. no consistency.
hello holberton. i'm finishing up challenge 2 of the application. wondering if east coasters have to interview in person?
skype also works for us :-)
i'm at white oak oyster bar &amp; cocktail lounge - in new york, ny
thanks for joining us. we would love it if you shared how you enjoyed "the white oak experience"
this is jihadi obama's america, his "legacy".... i'm sure the escape vehicle had an "i'm with her" bumper sticker.
amy shortly after that announcement a pipe bomb went off in a garbage can if the race got off on time runners would have been at can
i have one also
oh really? and what's your job babe?
keep an eye out for when we get our dealership up and running. probably next spring.
is this for real? you're opening a dealership?
you'll love it! smooth and sweet.
i am sure grandcentral wine will get anything i ask 4
hyperventilating
scented keychain?!
and see the people that are standing with you. supremacists, misogynists, gun nuts, people who are living vicariously through him
because he brings together a crowd of people angry for no reason. he does not believe anything that he says, it's a reality show.
whoever has the jets as fav team in pick 6 challenge &amp; didn't get pick in...pick the giants game instead for sunday
i did not choose the jets, i didn't feel they were going to win, i'm glad i was proven wrong. i did use the giants.
is ellsbury dead now??
you think he'd remember how to play that corner.
why did some ramdom ass niggas get in my car last night talking about is this the uber driver
he saw yo tweet he wanted dick
some of the beats are good
true, stay and dang are the only ones id play with people around lol
i actually am speechless
nothing to be said. we all know what i'm talking about. we see it in action every weekend
brady chatting with owner stephen ross. how's that chat go??
by coincidence/circumstance, this may not go well w lol
pro-isis tweets might qualify as "terrorism" or "threats of violence." the tos is likely for their own legal protection as much as anything.
yep, reading the text of their user guidelines, it's zero tolerance for anything that the us gov. might object to.
gaborik puts europe up 1-0. get ready for the "byfuglien would have prevented that" takes.
screw byfuglien cory schneider would have stopped that. dude's a brick wall
my bf always puts sugar in her sauce i'll have to tell her. :)
i love sweet sauce!! this chat is not helping my diet!
trump: never wrong, never sorry, never responsible by via
trump is embodied fascism in 2016. happily on the wrong side of history.
still salty af i cant get any of the meridell clothing stuff bc retired + neocash but its ya girl
my 9 year old dream will never come true.......but ghost eyries finally exist so im at peace with it
yet, tidal, isnt doing to hot
but dude it is so much better! apple music is fucking awful
end of 1q: clarence 8, lockport 8.
any update on clarence v. lockport?
yesterday played 4d chess, while the media played checkers! everyone including obama knows started birther
journo claims sid blumenthal 'spread the obama birther rumor' to him
they blew it that year with their own arrogance. this year...injuries are a part of the game. it sucks, but everyone has them.
i'm the last one to make excuses for nats. mets have had more injuries this year.
happy birthday my dude! link back up when we in tx! love ya pal!
miss you bro! thank you...i just saw this lol. i'm never on twitter
the interpretative ethic here is dangerous and disastrous for the good news that god calls us out of sin into life.
i agree that an ethic of embodying the cruciform life of christ is radically dangerous!
yep, reading the text of their user guidelines, it's zero tolerance for anything that the us gov. might object to.
"what defines a 'terrorist organization or agenda'? any group that is labelled as a terrorist organization by the united nations and/or ...
the same mostly liberal media who worked tirelessly to dumb down americans are now horrified at the prospect that trump might actually win.
and portraying every gop nominee since nixon as a monstrous demagogue diluted the fearmongerimg now that they finally have one
adid, to go or not to go?
wearing playa dust covered clothes idgaf
beer and tacos for lunch... laying low is nice.
if this is your new texmex place...well, secrets are no fun
jimi played out of tune all the time (but i don't mean to discourage)
do you want me to cry?! huh?!?
the hobbit went nuts over this being called a strike. what an asshat.
unreal. argued it like he was trying to get thrown out.
"what defines a 'terrorist organization or agenda'? any group that is labelled as a terrorist organization by the united nations and/or ...
...united states of america classifies as a terrorist organization on gab."
touchdown tech!
are you legally allowed to own a dog?
aren't all those kids terrified kanyes set crew will eventually forget to connect a cable properly and get squished ??
imagine being crushed to death by kanyes art at a show
i bet that was fun!
ah! my belly groans for a good sauce
because he brings together a crowd of people angry for no reason. he does not believe anything that he says, it's a reality show.
it just shows the sad state of affairs in this country when we have to choose between a crook and a self-aggrandizing ass.
bogaerts should have had three there. a little too casual around first.
well i'd say bogaerts power is here. that wasn't even a great swing and it was crushed.
my dad said he was gonna fix my car last weekend but it's been a week and it's still not fixed smh
he ain't my dad no more he a sperm donor until he learn how to do the shit he says he's gonna do
took grandma out for a walk in wynwood. she loved the tacos !
such a good grandson hanging out with gma.
contrary to popular belief, you cannot physically become dependent on . ...
better than pills
ellbury's looking like a cf thats never played at fenway before.
that's what i was just saying - you think he'd remember how to pla out there
couple years ago, me, , and argued about the best place to be a college basketball star. what's the football answer?
auburn. think how much bo and cam were the guys, plus not a shitty team (usually) and get a huge rivalry game each year.
trump: never wrong, never sorry, never responsible by via
you need to know that trump consciously chose the birther issue when he decided to run for president.
this is a pic of the nice note that the sent me to commemorate my 20th anniversary as a christian minister.
thank you, mr. president! every time i read this note, your words make me reflect on my accomplishments for the communities served
my 9 year old dream will never come true.......but ghost eyries finally exist so im at peace with it
i should move her onto my main account but idk who to switch her with &gt;:/ maybe ashii
i can rarely say no to salted caramel.
what! ears up! salted caramel! where?
they are passed down by the apostles. this wasn't a capitulation to the morals of the age.
agreed: it wasn't capitulation but the work of christ and spirit. that's why it's ok to reenact as we too follow.
at least we've got .
i knew we should have added mike brown to the usa roster!
i voted for bernie, wd love to see social demo, but for the life of me don't understand the glee at her failures
i'm not generally a politico fan-but this piece explains a lot, sympathetically.
who wants this bape t shirt?
send it my way
any body looking for a puppy?? hit me dm serious inquiries only
that's a great puppy sir!
i'm still in bed and there's a party at my house in like an hour...
damn your parents are party animals or what lol
the definition of lazy new yorkers when everybody's piled on the escalator.
uhh...this is not lazy, this is conserving energy for the 1 million blocks one has to walk once he exits the station. you know!
a girl's night of wine and eggplant parm at 's house! sounds great!
lol! i want to post a sign on my door- gone to italy
augh my fucking right hamstring is acting like it wants to secede and i can barely fucking bend this leg.
2 months off the court had a real impact yeesh
trump: never wrong, never sorry, never responsible by via
you have to remember before birther, trump was just a blowhard business. he needed political credibility.
sounds a great trip guys. wish you could have sent us a pic or 2 cappers!! safe journey home.
haha! that was my way of documenting the trip. bet you're gutted it's finished, eh!
imagine being crushed to death by kanyes art at a show
do you have to pay extra for the chance of being crushed?
squirted into the ear could provide a one dose cure for a single-application...
(cont)rx of otitis media by transtympanic delivery of antibiotics = no systemic exposure, less ab resistance
this is a huge day
i've been having these weird dreams lately
my dinner will consist of water, a luna bar, chocolate, and ibuprofen
college in a nutshell
thank you for your patience, matt. ^vm
really, that's the best you have? no suggestions? alternate routes? we are going to miss connection to gru.
so what's the consensus here fans? are we rooting for a 1-0 team usa win or an outright team europe victory?
. we want to see jaro have a nice solid injury free game. he looks good early on..... ,
absolutely, i am so upset withjimmy fallon. if trump gets elected i will never watch again. can't even right now
me neither! i unfollowed him and that show. so disappointing.
just had this convo yesterday
i can't even watch the videos !
what about the woman raped in the water trying to save men from the capsized indian ferry? was she "erie" too?
i thought the opposite. i thought she was one of the bravest people i have ever heard.
what song is this?
mind yo business /// 21 savage
holy bible h = he o = only l = left y = you b = basic i = instructions b = before l = leaving e = earth
jesus gave a very detailed instruction both in mathew 28:18-20 known as the great commission and in acts 1:8
2 months off the court had a real impact yeesh
i have been so idle, my friday morning beach ride took 2-3x how long it took when i moved in here
we are onto curious george, which is great. sebastian all about that curious monkey life. thank you .
go read the dadspin reviews (on deadspin) of children's tv programming. awesome!
pipe bomb explodes at new jersey 5k benefiting marines
glad everyone is ok.
happy birthday dude! miss you and the sb crew
thank you seamus!
and that my friends is how you do it right there!
guess someone thought she was in a fashion show..changed clothes alot. :-)
gary johnson represents 17,000,000 people in the united states. 3 candidates are on all us ballots, why can't all 3 debate?
gary johnson is a joke
anybody else getting a chargers-chiefs feel from oregon-nebraska right now?
chiefs have red helmets. more like chargers vs throwback patriots.
french police say a security operation is under way in central paris, and advise people to stay away
be careful to all my friends in france
re: why don't the contestants just date each other?
they might be better off that way
afraid not brad, i think we're on the right side...too bad your profession is being replaced by an iphone!
thanks for worrying about my job...now blow me!
. what does this moronic menace have to do before the media will give him the scorn he is due? trump is horrible.
trump is horrible and hillary never left anybody to die in benghazi. and loves women in saudi arabia. bwahhaa!
is it just me or do looney leftist trolls like you behave like whining 2nd grade nancys
it's just you because you just described every trump troll out there
that reiku guy is fake. all the proof you need.
those tweets and post are from months ago now fuck off dude.
some newspaper needs to run a headline that says "trump full of shit, again" to take the shock factor away from breitbart machine.
i don't think hillary thought she'd be fighting this type of campaign, takes a different type of politician to handle: folksy joe.
yet, tidal, isnt doing to hot
. i started w/ albums, then cassettes, then cds, then digital , nobody is more screwed over in music own/storage than a 50 y/o
they got creams for that
sleep is free
literally went through hell and back to get him 2k17.
good investment, you're such a good sis lol
finding prince charming is such a shallow show i don't know why i fucking watch this
it is a moderately enjoyable hot mess of a show
tweetingvoting. posting a videovoting. your essay on fbvoting. if you can vote and you don't? you've done nothing.
my anxiety is a deceptive thing. i will vote but thinking about it makes me ill, physically ill,
montel williams launching new medical line
as a person living with ms who has met montel way to go montel !
it's safe to say jacoby won't win a gold glove this year - cue the benny hill music!
he's like a shell of his former self. so glad he decided to be a yankee. good riddance.
is it just me or do looney leftist trolls like you behave like whining 2nd grade nancys
that's when they aren't at kkk rallies and offering their kids and bribes to trump
...united states of america classifies as a terrorist organization on gab."
oh, i get it now... the whole point of gab is that people can say awful stuff but not have to be faced with the shame of ever being blocked.
revis' stats were insane, but not nearly as insane as louis murphy and mike sims-walker being no. 1 wide receivers.
the raiders and jags were as sad as revis was great.
this has to be the weirdest day of my life
hey you got two free drinks
took an l, sorry man
no worries. thanks though!
you see 50% of us population as racist apparently. listen more friend.
the candidate is avowedly openly racist, whether his supporters are or not is moot.
let's be clear: nothing-including an audit-is preventing trump from releasing his tax returns.
trump is bs artist,buffet challenged trump to meet him.no body can prevent trump from showing his returns.
you guys should change it so i can use the last day of the card from last year to pay for 1 of the 7 drinks..save me some money..
sorry! you can't use it for 1 of your 7, but you're still free to redeem this week's drink before your eject card starts!
gender gaps in religions: from discussion in class.
just curious - which college and professor?
you're moshing
ur mcm is coming out of mosh retirement
do u ever forget collecting animal bones is technically "creepy" bc i am so used to it being normal online that when ppl irl are creeped-
out i get confused...and then dont know how to explain it to them at all
ugh that sounds soo goooooood
it's the only drink i get there you have to try it
how else are you going to see my stupid weather and hockey tweets
a torts team is struggling to put shots on goal. who would have seen this coming
ouch! hillary clinton will not like james woods' brutal takedown of her sexism sanctimony -
hillary's head is so messed up that she has literally forgotten her husband is , scary she could be potus
i hate this. cuz i lowkey love it. damnit!
ha. i'm a noles fan but i had to give credit where it's due. lol
the sneaky cat would rather sit on the hard cold counter than dare use the cat cushion.
maybe she likes the feel of the cool counter. have a beautiful weekend gregory family!
why why why why why my eyes cannot unsee this.
its great
they have issues that they think he'll help on.
he is incoherent, contradictory, irrational on "issues". he says opposite things within hours.
let's be clear: nothing-including an audit-is preventing trump from releasing his tax returns.
lover putin, would be upset....maybe.
out i get confused...and then dont know how to explain it to them at all
but then mounted deer heads and stuff is totally fine to them......
we agree with you completely!
great perspective!
the child will turn orange. too many carrots.
but her vision is going to be
stahhhhhp. go back to your vacation. lol.
my vacation just means more time to drop knowledge bombs.
seriously. i can hear the drivers bottoming out on them.
in my city, they put 20mph humps in series. after a couple of humps, drivers chill out &amp; stay below 25 between humps.
all this drama over a hooker?!
i know, right? are we supposed to hope for them to win or escape?
that's the watch i'd get! black link band too
i think my wrists are too small to get the link band?!
oh, i get it now... the whole point of gab is that people can say awful stuff but not have to be faced with the shame of ever being blocked.
instead, people just mute the keywords that bother them. so nobody ever moderates their behavior &amp; it turns into a 4chan/8chan type of site.
i have tickets for wednesday's mets game. it's stevie lew from ...reply with the word "apple sauce" if you can come
apple sauce
so what you're saying is anyone who is a trump supporter is insane?
i think the key word in this meme is, "embarrassment"
nobody should beat fsu this badly. not even the patriots.
[insert team here] vs. louisville. smart money says they hit at least 50 next game.
good shit last night
thanks bro you fucked shit up as usual
ten years ago today i took my final bow at the in front of my hometown...
comeback and make it 8 time champ!!
i will be once i get done with my interview and buy a bottle of wine
for sure. good luck with the interview! text me if ya need someone to chat with
happy anniversary, mom and dad. thank you for being such great influences in my life.
happy anniversary
he deleted it again?
yup he deleted it a few months back
your liver is already fucked lmao
one of these days imma just pass out and not wake up. yikes me my life. i'm taking a break from partying after this week lol
and john scott !
that's all star mvp john scott to you good sir
you will notice fox polls are worse on trump than cnn. no longer a conservative network. turn them off.
you are right! lately even makes me sick. turned him off all week.
they have issues that they think he'll help on.
this is what you don't get: it is not a matter if critiquing his stance on the issues. his only issue is racist rhetoric.
wait. if mothers are a herd, does that mean you are going to shoot them and cut off their tails?
you are so right about that sleaze spawn
the bushes are helping the clintons today. kasich is rallying for obama. i'm glad everyone's cards on are the table.
totally disgusting reall loser
instead, people just mute the keywords that bother them. so nobody ever moderates their behavior &amp; it turns into a 4chan/8chan type of site.
i think the thought that people i respect will block me if i bother them inappropriately forces me to behave, as with 99% of people .
do i look old because i type :p and :d instead of and ? is that the new generational divide? emoticons or emojis?
emoticons all the way.
shoulder pads are making a comeback!
he looks like bart simpson
watching ep 2 of finding prince charming. so this is what guilty pleasure tv is
it has been interesting so far
let's be clear: nothing-including an audit-is preventing trump from releasing his tax returns.
really? please have your personal lawyer go on record stating he advises to release taxes despite audit.
their maturation of production is so fkin great
their next album is gonna eb so lit
as someone who has been straight edge for more than 10 years.... 99% of straight edge clothing brands are so whack and cringeworthy.
mad props for being edge longer than me yet being younger. thats so sick
first, i say as though i'm going to watch this multiple times :p
hey, maybe you will. who knows.
hillary clinton has been a part of the the washington culture of corruption for so long that it is all she knows. she must be stopped.
you poor thing. 30+ years of smears and investigations - nothing found.
. cop brought a taser to a gun fight. lucky to be alive.
anecdote &amp; confirmation bias sure, but so many bad situations involve taser. quick hands-on force doesn't ask for compliance.
honestly wouldn't be surprised if we don't score here
we're gonna at least tie it up. mookie up now he's got this
john stewart would have toyed with him then cut him to the quick. that would have been wise for jimmy to have done.
huge disappointment jimmy. wtf were you thinking? network make you do it?
i really hope they're doing a s2 uncensored before the s7 premiere!
we need one for s6 i want to see what went down between eileen and kathryn at kyle's party in the finale.
achievement unlocked: simultaneously running linux and windows 10 vms on the same machine with two different gpus.
some guy on some forum made a utility to patch my ati rom with efi support, and that just worked!
black women are just horrible people..
yes they are and i totally agree with you and that's the main reason why i dont mess with them
jimmy gets a yoga lesson from !
nice try jimmy....so afraid you were going to break an arm or two..
is that bad or
what do you think?
they never learned what the definition of "earn" means. look at who they had as a role model throughout there life.
true of course. they also learned how to cheat others to enrich themselves...daddy's rule.
they were shit in 2013 too. luckily jameis was a stud and cold take hits
that was 2014. 2013 they were top notch
any boogers?
don't be surprised!!!
in case you need a giggle today
i watched it a couple of times yesterday. he's adorably ridiculous
"things are awful" brand spankin new sculpture by ... and tiny. can't wait to open the box! now we
i'd call it more of a physical gesture. out of respect to sculpture.
haha! taiwanese news animates hillary's fall "thrown in like a side of beef"
you are the laughing stock of the world. lol
natural history museum
can i just watch the movie instead?
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
she knows you're idiot just like the other sane americans. you are ugly inside &amp; out
it was a pythonesque metaphor for the absurdity of my life and life in general. my nips are healthy
i should have guessed! that reference i did not know. now the problem is i'll start using it.
i wanna know about it so i can be jealous
lmfao im working at party city its not that serious
good afternoon/morning! i hope you have a day as amazing as the ice cream i ate for breakfast.
it's not been that good but at least someone is have a good day
that's pretty much my dream scenario!
you're so sweet, i work hard to appreciate everything that i've worked so hard for us :-)
killing of 3000 men by moses
that is not jesus. but you are a muslim, so you love violence.
good luck to the shark pups
how about a live stream of the baby sharks! (i need all the hockey)
i think the thought that people i respect will block me if i bother them inappropriately forces me to behave, as with 99% of people .
the funny thing about conservative alternatives to facebook &amp; twitter is they have no legitimate reason besides being echo chambers.
i appreciate it the people who checked on me and my family this week. my grandma is finally at peace.. rest on grandma
you changed your username! and your family is in my prayers
going to this today.
underoath is amazing live
of course i'm in the greenroom! coming up at 4 &amp; 4:30pm et on w/
just promise to use their same even handed tactics back on them
about ready to become doctor scald:
when the braves moved to atlanta they had one of the best looking uniforms in all of sports. didn't last.
ik i could of had more tds to but i only played one drive in 2nd half
trust me i was watching bro getting closer and closer to come back to varsity
great investigation work. trump pushed the birther movement for how many damn years?
as hillary said over the coffins of dead americans...."at this point, what difference does it make"
i suggest that the tetra says more about the context than the person.
a tetra is both the context and the person. ant theory: actant and actor.
ayee that's my street
hahaha it was by bernal
the persistent tendency in these surrebuttals to misstate the critique and respond to a straw man is striking.
important to give equal thought to strawmen and real men
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
are you in the third grade? such a schoolyard bully
lol you are in shock accept it ! you have no answer this was jesus who ordered the killings
you shock no one, you scare no one, you are no one. just another muslim freak.
if i froze cream cheese how would i be able to eat it by the spoonful?
i know! but she thinks she can defrost. its horrid
lincoln center and columbus circle near the office. battery city park, chelsea highline, east village in lower man. +many more.
cool. added to list
it's a fiesta in the end zone.
louisville destroyed florida state!!!
spend it trying not to cry in ubers and restaurants probably. i don't know.
listen. this girl is hitting to the marrow.
text, trade pics or call me now!
just bang me already!
he also will not mind if it is bayside
how does he feel about led zeppelin?
i've often wondered this, xasi
i don't think you and i will be doing this.
you said that like last week
i'm a mess just let me be a mess til i figure it out
thanks for great workout today, another outstanding new player, coaches
don't forget those that partly attended :-) &amp;
look at the social skills mccartney had, along with the looks, and a ability to sleep well at night.
agreed. beatles still stand as the ne olus ultra and add timing + collaborative friendship
we live in a free society so yeah?
you almost disowned me after your last suggestion
i personally found the amsterdam streets to be smoother than most portland ones.
no potholes in ams, but we're talking about intentionally textured like these.
the race-baiting industry is big business, if it stopped a lot of people would be out of a job.....
coming from one of the biggest racist actors in hollywood. he is not fooling anyone.
s/o bff for taking me to luke bryan for my bday
also other bff for my luke ticket luv both y'all
soooooo dramatic that stuff isn't even real
chill it's my whole identity, idk who i even am right now
preller was seen by scouts addressing padres instructs group out in the open yesterday. perhaps it may have been better to do that indoors.
if aj continues to thumb his nose at mlb, both the padres and he will lose. you know boston has a ton of pull as is pissed.
people should spend less time contemplating why trump is so popular (because he isn't) and more on why clinton is so unpopular.
really?! when clinton left sos approval rating 67% - 3 yrs gop w/ media help yelling benghazi, &amp; emails &amp; untrustworthy tsk
anyways so u yaoi fuckers in a few hours
it's me, the yaoi fucker
my first time was last summer to celebrate 25th anniversary. i need to go back. love!
i loved pisa and venice! need to do rome now
also see show
ooo i should do that.
fr then ill finally be with my brothers!
can't wait to finally play with u bro!
touchdown syracuse!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my son is at that game today. yay!
none of the wars by the holy prophet were offensive all were defensive a historical proven fact
you mean people fought back against islam. too bad.
i dab (at least) once a day - because it's important.
my doc said after every git push just to make sure i keep i touch w/ reality &amp;&amp; have not git pushed myself into future...ayyoo
surely he won't take office?
seems clear to me he doesn't really want to be potus? but hey, i've been wrong many times. :/
above all hoping to catch a drink with you this week
just don't mistaken me for a deer! lol
are personal aims of lesser value, then?
the opposite. personal aims are the ground from which collective intent grows.
none of the wars by the holy prophet were offensive all were defensive a historical proven fact
right, that is why calls for dominance over non-muslims for all times. try it.
look at the social skills mccartney had, along with the looks, and a ability to sleep well at night.
agreed. beatles still stand as the ne plus ultra and add timing + collaborative friendship
i just wanna watch movies with someone and forget about all the stress
what are you stressing about, sweetie?
i guess we either deplorable or chimpanzees. we should actually be voting for separation f/ these dictators that are all about them
this piece of garbage should be punished
an lie line, linking to the 60th street tunnel, was included in the second system.
i'll have to read up that (rec'd link?) more gen i'd like a history of nycta, mrtc, lirr, mn mta
must read: how the trump organization's foreign business ties could upend u.s. national security
why trump won't release taxes: releasing would prove his significant monetary conflict if president. go ahead: ask him
this: "you have to be willing to walk away with nothing"
falling on deaf ears. he'll just block us all.
i know, right?
now that we are hungry! does the chef deliver?
haha that was it. just the delly shoes. did you know they made them? i dont think people know they exist
might as well sub "he" for "they" lol ... but delly got paid!!!
a little boy held the elevator open for me so i could exit. then he ran to his mom. take notes men
elevators are dangerous
dems/libs always resort to the name calling.
and christians like you resort to hypocrisy &amp; lies.
you at the one on valencia?
yah but just leaving to soak in some sun at dolores park before heading to the airport
that was a quick party/chat with on ! can't wait to plan out dinner tonight!
laughs! he can move his truck and drop off food!
why i love mountain view more and more these days.
i am a native son working to keep diverse, vibrant and inclusive
been saying that for 6 months. too late now.
still have 52 days til the election. media could still learn 2 leverage their power more effectively.
he's pretty neat to hang out this long and snap cute memories with me
well that's awfully nice of him.
dwayne allen, eric ebron or coby fleener?
total tossup. i'll take fleener. there should be lots of points in saints-giants, and giants lbs and safeties don't cover well
my mff roommates:
that's a ton of peeps. omg
review blu-ray of kingsglaive: final fantasy xv arrived. later i'll see if the home theater sound mix is as bad as the theatrical was.
is it worth seeing?
go ! even babies bleed orange!
that's awesome!
this press release re chris eubank jr. vacating his british title has to be read to be believed. it is 100% real.
jesus fucking christ.
wild scoops @ 7 plainfield rd
wowza what's that????
nothing better than getting to bask in the results of hard work, good for you!
well, i can't take credit for the vt part :-) we moved there when i was 13 but yes part i can be v proud of
dems/libs always resort to the name calling.
heidi the troll with 11 followers.
my doc said after every git push just to make sure i keep i touch w/ reality &amp;&amp; have not git pushed myself into future...ayyoo
will show out
i use extra virgin olive oil to finish dishes &amp; i believe that grapeseed oil is the best to cook with.
ah olive and grapeseed! now my q's are good
nothing better than getting to bask in the results of hard work, good for you!
and thanks, you're so nice
that place in salem
very specific i totally know exactly what you're talking about tysm
trump should have told the media, "i don't give apology tours, but i will show you around my new hotel if you like..."
tell to apologize. he has made a career out of it.
they are reporting events that correspond with bible prophecy. god will not be mocked...
media has no idea what they're reporting. as per my example of dama.syria. they have no idea that was a fulfill.of prophecy
you'll love it! ;-d
cool. starting price about $21,000. :-)
recovering after competition . thanks
seems you're still the same jokester you were 8 years ago lol
if you miss your connection flight, please visit a customer service agent at the airport and they will rebook you. ^vm
sigh yes. my point is it's insane to rebook 100pax to fix the stupid tv.
ridiculous congressional hearings that proved shit.
i can just see the fear in your posts. that your murdering bitch is going to get her clock cleaned!
you looked so beautiful last night i cant even
rose i am crying i lovr you so much
i bein gay as fuck
tried to type gay and i accidentally typed vag first perfect
i went on a a few years ago. i had a blast. best vacation ever!!!!!!!!!!
glad to hear it
can i be real a second? for just a millisecond? let down my guard and tweet the people how i feel a second?
max ash got sick after only tweeting 5. sam escobar tweeted 25. nathan usher tweeted...the other 51
what they get him for though
no idea lol prolly some small shit
i actually don't like baking at all. that's why i always make tiramisu &amp; panna cotta!
ooh and eggplant! nice!
indeed . but also was the holy prophet of whom jesus said would come and need to accept him
prove he said that.
up the toffees my friend
seeing how you did today, you don't need any encouragement!
people that r real christians don't support racism. contradictory 2 christ teaching.
heidi is a troll!
kk i'm definitely down for later! i'm so sore it hurts to move haha
okay rest and text me when you're up
just listened to graduation twice in its entirety and now i have to revisit my kanye album ranking smh.
same thing happened to me recently. you forget how crazy all the singles were
she just gave him a shot of anesthetic and the verdict is the same as i assumed: just a few stitches
update: he ended up getting more anesthetic and a couple sutures on his lip and then one inside and will have to go back to get them removed
winner of the second mary lou manizer is: , dm me your shipping address
congrats babe
royce freeman's ice pack looks to be below the knee. that could be good.
knee to shin? hard to tell. dropped to ground quickly
it's getting more insane daily. only in pc america... football fans told to stop chanting usa usa!!! |
ok, if they are receiving any federal funding it should be cut off.
catching up on beyond. almost died...
are eyes glowing?
first day on the job :p naturally the first car that stopped, got questions photos, friendly officer
on what job?
taking bribes from goldman sachs
disagree. even david axelrod and tv anchors get $50k for a college graduation speech. secry state gets a lot more. dt gets $1.25m
understand, @ home it is waiting for you
that's it.
people should spend less time contemplating why trump is so popular (because he isn't) and more on why clinton is so unpopular.
you've become affected w/ media blindness. look back on k. mccarthy's remarks from a few yrs back. media was played then.
black women have to use shaming tactics to keep black men from dating other race of women, white women dont have to do that
exactly and that's not going to work on me. i'm still going to date women of other races.
degrom is done for the year
whatever with w/o him
why does telltale bruce wayne look like sterling archer?
"do you want bats, alfred? this is how you get bats."
i haven't updated to ios 10 yet and is really reveling in that fact
what the fuck
for padres fans: it's about appearances. the organization has not handled itself well on that front.
ask john moores and jeff moored how much pull the padres have with mlb.
button woods
oooo classic are they still open
.a very big thank you to you for the lessons and exposure. thanks.
thanks for tuning in!
after period of discipline, trump turns more aggressive
2016 press in a nutshell. hrc, jeb!, etc make a sane policy statement. press maybe publishes 1 story about it
hollllllly shit. i just had 4 heart attacks.
this is so iowa
what he do?
idk prob hitting some hype beast with supreme on
who the fuck cares if he is a muslims. why is this even an issue? in this country we have freedom of religion.
muslim are scum, their goal is to eat your garbage, get your dog pregnant , take everything you own and slit your throat!
500km radius, assuming the guys operating the iskander are have a coffee at one of 's outdoor cafes.
there is another missile in development to extend the range beyond 500km, and the range is only reported to be 500km currently.
but we don't need good goal scorers like phil kessel on the team
and brandon dubinsky should play over palmieri because he has more grit
honestly though. if it wasn't for cudder 808s probably would've been trash.
thought the tweet was hyperbolic enough that it was obv i was joking but i guess not
exclusive: footage of stuntman eddie braun completing evel knievel's rocket jump over snake river
enjoy our !
ohhh!! those sound lovely are they good?
yeah! its a light flavor and the inside tastes like anise seed or fennel or something, its tastyy
we dislike delays as much as you do. we'll have you wheels up as soon as possible.
not very reassuring.
but we don't need good goal scorers like phil kessel on the team
and i guess quick is in net because torts remembers the quick that ended his stanley cup final
so apparently byop system doesn't work with any of our phones, so that's $50 wasted and we don't have a phone yay
none of your phones? that doesn't make sense!
they are reporting events that correspond with bible prophecy. god will not be mocked...
brother, many christians are not aware of prophecy being fulfilled. my people are destroyed for lack of knowledge. hosea 4:6
thought the tweet was hyperbolic enough that it was obv i was joking but i guess not
i have no strong opinion on his music but i do think he should put the phone down when fucked up
hey you got two free drinks
it was so weird tho
live on : it's my birthday come say hello ......
happy birthday!!!
played media - admission w/ no sincere apology for the racism he stoked for past 8 years with help from
trump owe all african an apology for his racist remarks
fully agree but keep in mind the holy prophet said muslims would become divided and act upon evil
islam is evil and the sunnis will wipe out you ahmadi idiots.
i have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. i do not want donald trump to be their president.
me too ,so hit the trail for our common good
small little icecream shop! their brand is giffords. superrrr yummy
oh man i'm gonna have to try it out
have such a bad headache from last night lol
lol tbh that's what i get for being reckless
can you imagine the media uproar if someone called themselves white congressional caucus and excluded blacks from membership?
they are so stereotypical that i had to laugh when i saw them on tv
update: 2 philadelphia officers shot, 4 others wounded; suspect dead
how's that kaepercrap thing working for ya?
can't we just be three happy wives together?? you think holtzbert never invited anyone else? ;)
me thinks there was definitely a little holtzbert threesome
so are you ready to call everton legit yet?! quite a start!
and after all that deadline day panic. koeman is the man. shows how broken things were under martinez
gusty winds, hot conditions elevate fire danger this weekend
where oh where is fall with it's cooler temp's? :-)
this whole over-the-top friendliness at dutch bros would be the main reason i never go back
i agree entirely
the farmers market always has the best flowers
love that bralette
this is a surprising choice in that walker was one of the least effective debaters in the 17-person gop field
persona wise, he's a dullard though, no?
but he also said the mahdi &amp; messiah will come and unite islam under one banner " ahmadiyyat true islam
lashings, crucifixions, sex slavery, plundering...you are one sick bastard.
it's because speight isn't adjusting well against this defense and harbaugh got spooked by it
he's getting paid too much to be spooked! i feel like this means neither qb can get a good rhythm for the game.
adam warren is just so mediocre
not even that good
i really don't understand why the people do this. this is not funny.
yeah it is.
i'm here waiting to get my car fixed and i'm noticing other people are having the same issue.
my car is fixed
birther started in 2008 during democrat primary. trump didn't get involved until 2011.
he made lengthy comments in 2011 but he made initial comments in 2008
you at the one on valencia?
will be there in ten and for thirty minutes if you want to hang.
goals... are future hopefully lolol
at the club &amp; bar every night i'll force you to come with
people should spend less time contemplating why trump is so popular (because he isn't) and more on why clinton is so unpopular.
polls suggest is more transparent than clinton - who' gave us pop. that impression? you're smart don't play games
"europe's playing their game."- melrose ah yes, the established system and philosophy of a team invented this year.
i thought they would be playing russia's game. weird
i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
he knows what a disaster you would be. all you need to do is listen to your lunatic rants to figure that out.
hillary clinton has been a part of the the washington culture of corruption for so long that it is all she knows. she must be stopped.
strategy is working. sad.
she's been spoiled her whole life and doesn't know what it means to raise a family and try to keep a job.
ivanka is just as obnoxious as trump!
us just "accidentally" bombed the syrian army during a ceasefire, killing dozens of soldiers who were fighting isis.
obama our commander and chief! will blame others!
jewishthats your reply 2everything ive saidok you guessed.. i am jewish &amp; proud..now whatwont stand 4 ur hitler bull
really lame trump supporters explanations!
birther started in 2008 during democrat primary. trump didn't get involved until 2011.
read up about it. education is a great thing.
not going to panic. is a 2nd half team . but i'd like to see some offense this drive please.
that was an absolute butt kicking. root for my now!
i thought the brunch punch was weak cause it just tasted good and super sweet but i forgot that's just how rum tastes :(
and now this
been awhile since i opened this case
tell me you didn't leave a gold jazzmaster locked up in a case for the last 8 years
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
fred died from alzheimer's,as you know you will,hence the fake medical examination,you will not know who you are wonderful!
ok.... time to get out of bed
damn ..you should've been up lol
fermin has started the interregnum reading, have you? find a copy in the library or online. test is september 22nd!
still on chapter 2, but that's alright.
because they have not accepted the mahdi it will take time
lol! what a brainwashed fool!
. campaign manager robby mook on remarks.
only idiots would take the statement as "inciting" but that's what clinton's camp thinks of us
who's ready for the new years tradition of eating tiny chocolate covered hot dogs?
is this a thing ?
corporate lobbyists are your campaign
wrong podesta there. that' s the brother.
: "hello, you beautiful tall blonde aryan goddess. my name is adolf hitler." "the name's ann. tell me more about poland."
sorry, i can't think of any hitler pickup lines that would actually work in the present day besides on ann coulter, or similar types.
what can i do today that doesn't cost money
hang out with me
the tracks, tho.
our head of product management crashed in tracks on way home his 1st day. swollen cheekbone &amp; black eye.
i love reading the ends of runs. nothing to lose mentality causes some surprisingly good stuff sometimes!
yeah i gotta run through all that stuff
kind of disappointing to see the pic of the teleprompter with lyrics.
oh come on. everyone's using them (to great effect in dead &amp; co., i might add). you'll be older someday too.
yeah, have a verizon iphone, metro s5 and a straightalk galaxy core prime. can't activate the sim
latter 2 should be more easily unlockable.
and now this
this was a mistake
created and added you all
can i join if i'm not in preview anymore?
that world began in january 2014! haha he opened for them in the uk
what! i can't believe i didn't know that.
no one in this pic looks like they care so you failed buddy
and now it's gone
you'll see this nowhere but online...share the hell out of this!
how much these coons getting paid???
nhl best save % on inner slot shots last season. players, la &amp; otherwise rave about him. all he cares about is winning
didn't lundqvist have best high danger save % in league? he's in decline though right?
it's brilliant!! saves me a fortune! hope you are enjoying your new big aircraft!!
i am thank you hopefully cross paths down-route somewhere soon!
even if you leave parkinsons out of it - is morbidly obese with high blood pressure &amp; blood clots on lifetime coumidin!
she is featured in a health magazine this month! yeah leftist media!
picture perfect. image credit: messe berlin. rt if you are a fan of the a380.
it's surprising that you don't have any support service for first class passengers at sfo airport. i'm most disappointed.
oddly enough, , this track started playing just as you tweeted that.
the universe knows
centcom suggests attack on syrian army was an accident due to lack of coordination between parties fighting isis
let's make "droogs" w/new allies russia. call russian generals pre "death dance"
yup. hes a fantastic player. was great in the olympics
arsenal must have a buy back clause in there!
update: he ended up getting more anesthetic and a couple sutures on his lip and then one inside and will have to go back to get them removed
in five days. he will fully recover but i would love prayers just in case
people should spend less time contemplating why trump is so popular (because he isn't) and more on why clinton is so unpopular.
btw your former employer - nyt was a regular clinton destruction machine for the past year point out obvious- neg. coverage
if i get a certain kind of twt,i go on persons site.u cannot believe extreme hate &amp; violence im seeing on those ofsupporters.
it unnerves me to see the underbelly of fascist hate on websites
that's what she sent the our ambassador in benghazi!
and there it is...benghazi, benghazi, benghazi! when in doubt, benghazi.
we're all so fucked...
the press wrapped their puckered lips onto dumps ass and he turned around and bit them. enjoy!
via , bowles admitted he messed up on not going for two points:
isn't it odd he wasn't paying attention? like hand off the defense problem to the dc
watching "remember the titans" thinking.....okay, who's cutting onions????
i knowwwww you wanna leave me. but i refuse to let you goooo" love that movie!
here in nyc! excited to join the global conversation. stay tuned for updates!
if you have any free time and you wanna meet up for dinner or something let me know!
that convo/debate was smart&amp;interesting at 1st &amp;thats how u end it?sadly typical
i was referring to the troll who started the nazi memes
i mean you're absolutely right lol
i was about to make a snarky tweet abt mercury being in retrograde wreaking havoc on everything, but then we did that. yay!
johnson isn't corrupt, a congenital liar, a psychopath, or a narcissist. that makes him eminently better qualified.
and potentially giving trump the election a narcissistic psychopath with fascist tendencies rather have a corrupt politico
sorry, i can't think of any hitler pickup lines that would actually work in the present day besides on ann coulter, or similar types.
for them the best approach would probably be to say "behold the inexplicable reincarnation of one of the 20th century's greatest monsters."
"the history of american cinema is also the history of american racism": and on the movies
oh there goes another conspiracy theory for trump ... wonder how he would redefine this issue
yes, i know your kind have had a boner for the clintons for 30 yrs, about as long as u listed to the druggster rush.
stated strategy is working. sad!
house committee blasts 'false' edward snowden heroism. tell us what you think:
snowden made his bed, sleep tight. no pardon.
42 years later, someone has finally completed the jump over the snake river canyon.
enjoy our !
any of these examples proves that donald trump is unfit to be president.
stop already. no one believes you or cares what you say. go home
yes my brother! still went on that cross knowing some of us will reject him! what kind of love is this!
but god demonstrates his own love toward us, in that while we were still sinners, christ died for us. romans 5:8
we may be in trouble today...
our special teams got this.
they're all unlocked. except the straightalk one
i'd see if their support would help at this point - 3 phones failing sounds like their problem
i know we're worried about trump and putin, but feels like we should also be concerned about lady gaga &amp; tony bennett
i know, right?! she totally wants to bang him.
it's date season, weather looking right and there's alotta dope ass spots to take a joint.
well if that ain't bait. lol
tweet to get your friends involved in our too! make sure to use the hashtag in your tweets.
i checked under the bed! go look
former mcclatchy editor says clinton confidant shared obama 'birther' story
media is denying it big time!
barry melrose just said quick was the best goalie in the nhl...the best goalie...in the nhl...
espn has the best coverage of hockey...oh wait...ummmm...what's hockey?
haha! the actual lyrics are "she's got electric boots. a mohair suit..."
pssshhh lame! i want to see some electric boobs!
yes! yes! yes! thank you for this !
you got it.
after period of discipline, trump turns more aggressive
2016 press trump makes a schoolyard insult,low energy jeb. press stories the insult, how bad, reaction to, walk back insult, etc
"built an arcade machine with noah"
wow! really cool
what exactly did "nall's picks" consist of?
3 tracks from some old tapes: hye kye, extreme south , brandy let's go
hanley what the fuck ?? alright alright ... we got the lead ...!
what a mix of emotions. yay! wait! did he just do that?
"ehhhh, that's southern rock"
ok we'll go with bruce
how i volunteered to help this jamaican lady upstairs with her cart she told me she didn't have no money so i was like it doesn't matter
awww that was nice of you
duda //// wright //// lagares //// walker //// gimpy cespedes
no where close to the necessary characters for all of them.
oh that sucks. but they're gonna make it anyway.
not going anywhere without him
i'm smart enough to tell you that the lotto has nothing to do with intellect.
if winning the lotto was correlated with intellect, then so many people who won wouldnt eventually lose it all
uva and uconn just traded interceptions and it's still 10-3 in the 4th. run, don't walk, to that remote control to put the tv on sny!
be nice - we're a basketball school, ok!?
oddly enough initially it was $ going up. world is short $. been consolidating. i bet huge spike before fall collapse
interesting. ive seen lots of 120 dxy talk, which would dislocate a lot of things.
who knows, maybe gsellman and lugo can keep this up and matz returns. would certainly lessen the pain from this loss.
we're done my man. can't make a run in the playoffs without him. final nail in the coffin.
for them the best approach would probably be to say "behold the inexplicable reincarnation of one of the 20th century's greatest monsters."
and then wait for them to swoon. i'm guessing "negging" wouldn't be a good strategy for re-hitler. he wasn't exactly lucky in life w/ women.
this mutual keeps subbing me and it's actually getting on my nerves
call they ass out!
educating oracle dbas on trendy tech since 2008. also, this is the only day i'm at if you want to catch up.
and how comes both yours on kafka and mine on hadoop (with ) are at the same time?
oh shit! it's super troopers 2!
"don't lump us in with that fuckin martian" a quote you should be getting royalties soon since i use it on a regular basis.
bark in the park is the biggest peak of my life
lol see you there
enable this on ios 10. you can thank me later.
still don't understand why they had this off by default.
lot of companies with vested interests. no focus on a single workflow. it's expanding like a nebula
yep. i also think the plugin approach is wrong long term.
the view outside my building!!!!!!!
dude congrats that's fucking amazing i'm so happy for you!
you tell me how a cong study infringes on .
we may be able to actually understand what we can do, what are the repercussions, what the #'s are god forbid.
missing: several brain cells. if found, return to hanley ramirez.
i actually love that he tried
great weekend to u all friends
marylene u have best pictures.thks4sharng
whaattttt. sun wah on broadway is fire. furama up there has good dim sum too.
oooh right on ill check those places out. all the ones i tried last time i visited were white-washed lol
better than nbc, at least. which granted, is a low bar.
bring back the outdoor life network wooooooo!!!!!
show em the power of raindeer
i've been slayin everyone man i just lost to what stacked up to be .5% chance combo
i travel to houston at least once a month... no big deal for me.
nyc here! houston lol we have a problem
gov. walker aiding gov. pence with debate prep
considering that walker was one the worst of the gop debaters, that's good news for .
i just really love nature, okay?
especially this time of year
i enjoyed screaming "why are you so sick" and "go trump" at . get well soon bae!
what a coincidence, i enjoy watching a pharmadouche's life collapse
pretty sure that's a bug in my cotton candy
this is so funnnyyyy
5k pb on this morning (18'42) - hey berlin? i'm coming for you :)
is the best! well, after . ;-) good luck + pr like mad!
ok but casey, i love you with all my heart, be mine please
no she's mine you have sin dad
not sure what you mean (140, i know).
i'm suspicious of taser as a substitute for hands-on. if initial verbal requests don't work, grab him.
this is shitty. if you do this stop it. be a human.
to be fair, it's a somewhat valid (maybe necessary) approach to "no means maybe/yes" people.
steve's music is great for that. i listen to his stuff alot when i'm writing especially during mininano.
i also like to listen to it while driving late at night or in times of distress.always brings me an epiphany or 2.
great episode on guys - you ever think any country would bring in a national income?
yes- i think several will over the next 10 years
thank you for sharing our pics!
beep! dinner time
would you rather have trump.
every1 that votes trump thinks they're voting against chpt11@ the bis,but he(djt)is 1 of their premier"flunkies"&amp;we'll bsubj2 pstate
can't get in contact because we can't call because the sims won't activate
tweet at 'em or swing by when you're in the area and borrow my desk phone
all dogs have autism
also... go to heaven
we will rock you tonight in peekskill, ny
this band kicks ass. if you like queen, go see these guys. you won't be disappointed. you'll have a great time.
you: jonathan quick is the best goalie in the tournament me:
also "best goalie in the nhl" more than once.
oddly enough initially it was $ going up. world is short $. been consolidating. i bet huge spike before fall collapse
bonds selling off, bumps rates, bumps dx, weighs on equities seems like the chain reaction/feedback loop.
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
why are you racist adam and eve was the beginning what make you think you're better than me
last weekend i billed almost 30 hours and this weekend billing zero. please come hug me and celebrate my temporary furlough from hell
also, plz read my blog, retweet my op-eds and watch and praise my video. that's all i ask.
i may give it a go sometime. never watched breaking bad or the walking dead either.
loved breaking bad, so good. and still love !! season 7 starting up soon!!
waiting eagerly for to do their act at !!
. emotional rollercoaster!
its not even that bad
with them ugly ghetto ass emojis
congratz on 300, sorry i could not make it out there, see you at the next home game for sure.
thanks! i'm enjoying my blingware at the farm today!
google hangouts on air no longer exist. they have youtube live. not using that
there was this thing called big blue button. browser based. lost track of it though.
please do!!! in fact, you can hide it at my house if you like!!!
or stick it up his, you know where.
but they said he was coming back tom , i don't understand this
what is confusing you? things changed. it's pretty simple really.
told my grandparents to update their phones &amp; now all of their text msgs are with special effects lol
maaaan! my mom is having the time of her life with this update
sunday shows preview: trump seems to be back to his old self
is running a reality tv campaign &amp; can only keep his audience by entertainment. his aud. iq &amp; attenton is limited
you were asleep so i took the opportunity
on more than one occasion :p
please watch video in this article &amp; rt/share w/ everyone you know. it covers every statement trump made. important!
scary that it is even close
haha message me, what you doing on here
sliding into your desktop i mean dms idk why autocorrect controls me
25th ! hoped to see her in rio...instead having so much fun watching her at ucla!
this what i will encourage - during meets, class, free time : !!! n pls have !!!
only reason to go to a bar in the marina: they take credit cards
and they'll play college football...
= letting in unvetted muslims when you know some are terrorists coming to usa to kill americans.
: not on my watch.
nah, trump's still a birther: via
scary that it is even a close election
.'s child-care policy.
"universal" means "paid for by the middle-class"
yes this is good
rubber skunk tail wrapped rhino :3
pakistan isi used network to carry out bomb attacks in afghanistan #__
allah eating his own. let them destroy each other.
day18 of 30 no days off getting ready for our big corp. announcement!!!
. keep hustling make it happen ... when it gets hard, push through it
"thank you for your corporation."
i can't take this seriously for that line exactly.
lot of companies with vested interests. no focus on a single workflow. it's expanding like a nebula
i suspect it's because the starting proposition might have been wrong. interested to see what actually happens
i hate when people ask me for free services. like if you're a real friend, you'd support me &amp; not look for a handout smh.
it's different if i offer or feel like your really in need but other than that it's insulting.
campaign bernie at least put americans first in his strange, commie way. why any bernie would vote for hrc is beyond me
both choices are owned 100% by rothschild &amp; bis whose "system" has been outta cash 8yrs.frigin lqqk around.
caption this photo snapped after i captured the title for the 7th time! leave comment to win
"a legend says goodbye to her championship"
tennis, socc r, football or whatever if u wanna lose lmk
word come through. we at the tennis.courts
amen! it's never too late to run to jesus! just believe !!!!!
"he who believes and is baptized will be saved; but he who does not believe will be condemned. mark 16:16
also, plz read my blog, retweet my op-eds and watch and praise my video. that's all i ask.
also i'm wearing new foundation plz be brutally honest and tell me if its a color match i have no idea
if anyone is telling my husband, it'll be me. you're just a floozy ok
already did it sweaty
the reports of the cpu making 'hissing' sound in the iphone 7 are legit, but i have to put the phone against my ear to hear it.
note 7 or iphone 7 which one would you choose
omg this most definitely has impacted our lives in a positive way
this is so important cai omg never forget the lasting everlasting cosmic brownie
or just misdiagnosing the f*** out of them.
i think they know. the problem is what they say in public. the end result is a, "bad optic," as sandy would say.
da otha nite
ur complexion has always slayed me
may be. we gave up on openstack and went with openvz/proxmox/custom foo back in 2009
i think we're busy copying cloud ux in a way that might not be right.
dan savage proposes some winning fixes for logo's gay 'bachelor' clone 'finding prince charming'
thank you for this!!
can't decide if i'm feeling movie, trendy restaurant or dive bar so we can laugh at people
rooftop lounge at the the webster is always a good time.
trophy eyes and hundredth tonight
who's going to be at amh tonight??
just gonna put this here.
it all went downhill the second you mentioned we could win the sec east a few years ago.
that black monster dildo is the same size as her leg. be a good girl and slide all the way down
mmm hmmm gf i'd &amp; countless others would luv seeing this sexy do just that ( c ;
someone hacked me and deleted all of my follows. all. i have two step verification. how did this happen? wtf?!
suggestion: rescind permissions you've given to your account for services/servers good chance that was the vector
neil young has removed video indian givers from his youtube channel here are the lyrics
why did he take it down?
i'm liking the iphone 7 so far, but the lack of a headphone jack really is ruining my life.
really? what about the adapter?
half the school basically
send me themmmmm
can you remove links from it? was just toying with the idea. $1049 is a bit much for the whole thing to me. maybe with watchos 4?!
i probably wouldn't be able to remove enough haha. yeah it is a little expensive.
going through kubernetes bootcamp right now, learned about `kubectl exec &lt;pod_name&gt; &lt;command&gt;` for executing commands in a pod's container.
hm, wondering if that would be helpful for running db migrations in a rails app? or even debugging? hm.
i'm continued to be amazed that mlb hasn't stepped in. such a poorly run organization.
how so? you think they didn't know there was this problem? they didn't tell the media, which is their choice.
see you in court, sweaty :)
i'll be the one in the front wearing designer
has event sold out?
not yet. best to get your tkts sooner than later. xxo
what happens when you have bad data and think that ca is like other states
or ca cats are like cats in other states...
i imagine the cgi ads are more distracting on an hdtv than on a mobile device. watching on an iphone, and it's seamless.
they're pretty good on an hdtv. occasionally looks fake or distracting. but fooled me for a good while.
thank you taipei !!! that's a wrap on the uaxsc asia tour 2016. i am so proud of you...
hey girl, how are you? i am stephen's first wife dilma.
watching bc football, tweaking my lineup, and re-listening to 's wonderful fantasy fb ep.
i do however think that should issue a correction noting that hasn't been champion in years....
if anyone is telling my husband, it'll be me. you're just a floozy ok
did you just call me a hoe
some guy stopped me in the middle of the street told me he loved my outfit and asked for a picture with me hahaha this place isn't real
a look like phil mitchell but honestly screaming
actually, rookie gabriel ynoa will start sunday in place of jacob degrom, who is headed for surgery. noah...
so mets lost sunday's game is what your saying
now i can school you in overwatch
what level are you? lul
yeah, i hate riding over them, especially when fully loaded with groceries.
i think there's something wrong with pdx hump design. i have no problems here with loaded grocery bike and trailer.
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
not kissing your crazy ass with compliments because they know you're a fraud are winners,you've big self esteem issues
yall wanna hear this or naw
ay im off da bean shud i drop this rn??
yeah yeah yeah. french jews got it maid.
. newborn boy today ? that b wut my house say but to mode-off he's justa ballpark fade. welcome back for jda
what san francisco says about america
i'm now imagining that as "shit startup hipsters say"
. emotional rollercoaster!
. jack-and--the-beanstalk
so youre saying they knew jdg was out but said he was gonna pitch sunday anyway?
no. i'm saying they knew he had this nerve problem and didn't disclose it to the media. hoped he could pitch.
easily could have been molts! do they all molt at once? thanks!
i'm not 100% about red rock crabs, but many spp. molt &amp; then mate. i'll check. spiny lobsters molt around now.
well, the home button 3. is the other ui feedback affected by that choice?
not that i'm aware. i've just only heard people choosing that 3rd option as well.
these are getting sad. haters losing material.
please jordan!! stop retweeting this crap. i love your posts but hate being reminded by haters who gotta hate.
that one angle was close
i thought so also, but sec for bama refs...
my latest &gt;&gt; when trump wents full freak again after weeks of semi-discipline via
-trump can only restrain his normal state of rage and madness for brief periods. as president all restraint would go.
yes back in it!!!! another blocked punt!!!
how bout that crazy point spread though? so far so good for my !
breaking: jacob degrom has been scratched from sunday's start and is likely to need surgery to address the ulnar...
who cares out of sight out of mind
. yes &amp; i'm still waiting on media darling &amp; dem, hillary attack dog 2 slam democrats on this but she won't
are u in hope she won't ? joy reid is a pretty good straight shooter. lots of ethics.
don't compliment the enemy - we didn't come to play we beat ourselves
come on, man. sometimes it's just not your day. nothing wrong with giving them their due.
saddens me today will be the last day i paint my nails a bright color till spring
hands down the most depressing thing a girl faces in her life
how is anyone a vegetarian
but also like why? meat is the best part of every single meal
nobody cares!!!! we need to hear some bars at the end of the day he getting flammed left and right.. it's time!
he don't wanna rap he probably wanna fight lol
photos: daredevil completes failed evel knievel jump over snake river canyon -
enjoy our !
it's a problem with cons being victims of their own success really. forces them to grow and lose what made them great in the first place
it makes me wonder why, as a fandom, we put such much emphasis on "is the con growing?"
someone hacked me and deleted all of my follows. all. i have two step verification. how did this happen? wtf?!
and yeah, also shows me you follow me even though shows you following zero... count may reappear
sharing the boar group's work w/ some of the giants on whose shoulders we all stand
: nostalgia for a time that you have never experienced - re-living memories i've never had w/ &amp;
thanks for telling me tho i didn't notice i'm so sad
i'm tempted to go to the baltimore show...
i bought 3 of these
forever 22?
i don't think fsu is a great team. louisville looks like the real deal
fsu never trash
here's the "tolerant" left after today's cop shootings. why's this okay but milo got banned, ?
instead of whining, report them, like got reported
they were but you are apparently very ignorant of actual history or the old testament &amp; bible
the ot is not jewish.
just talked to the owner of it he said he was gonna call the cops on me i was like i'm trying to get ur phone to u pls dont
lmfao whose phone even was it
understood, but a very disrespectful tone to that piece. can't imagine he'd talk like that with liam in the gym.
er, no. but opinion pieces are typically written from a pov that doesn't factor in would this fly face to face
we're going on 9 years of bad optics, maybe the time has come to try the honest route?
i'd say so. but i don't run the organization.
eagle day!!!!!!!!!!!!
big day! screw all them non-believers
i was being more peppery...
well okay then
this type of anger says loud &amp; clear that this isn't just about the anthem. it's about race and rights.
em is on today!
used to talk so much crap about site.... but after dealing with adidas, i want bae back
banned by nike for life. nike sucks ball. never buy from nike online anymore
this is gold! do you have this collection backed-up locally somehow? the in me doesn't entirely trust third-parties.
nor do i. i am backing it up, bit by bit.
fox news poll: things in the world today are going to...
more like to hell in a deplorable basket
i guess hitler is your view of a reincarnation of god? you are spewing nonsense. be well.
you were the one who claimed that jews "are chosen". that is offensive.
son be roommates don't worry
da either moving in w you or my man by june fuck that
sounds like they knew about the surgery thing all along. no misdiagnosis here just a stubborn pitcher lol
and non-disclosure, which is their choice.
there are more white girls with nose rings than there are white girls or nose rings. the world's top scientists are concerned.
but enough about
fam she paid me in eggs
at least you won't be hungry
this november, witness the love story that changed the world. loving - in select theaters 11/4.
can't wait for this
this is so important cai omg never forget the lasting everlasting cosmic brownie
omg that brownie saved m y life i swear
true but long game ahead.
is it only on the big ten network?
2k is hated by females across the world
glad you think that's funny
...should i feel vindicated. or it just proves that he's my son and took after his old man's weirdness?
wise man says keep your mouth shut and smile. women like men who smile at them. right
= unnecessarily killing coal industry/putting 1000s out of work for minimal co2 reduction at best
: if hilarity gets one vote in wv it will be from a traitor.
is that why rothschild heiresses are writing checks for hrc and trump is not accepting them? he's not on their side
he owes families 330million n defaulted bonds at the jersey casinos! that's their $ &amp;yes they own both sides
christians began as a jewish sect, and the jews lived in judea, so sure, some were from judea
no, christians did not "begin was a jewish sect". u'r just making shit up. what is your source?
ask . the dems &amp; corp hillary shill, why she's never attacked these 88 democrats
it's pretty obvious you are not a fact checker or have a command of the issues. if u make comments, do research.
here's the label
looks good but the coffee notes look way off
cool gif bro
good day all
settle a debate between me and preston: is the scene in 17 again where zac efron gets out of his car iconic or no
i stand with preston tho
some guy stopped me in the middle of the street told me he loved my outfit and asked for a picture with me hahaha this place isn't real
here we are together xx had to cover my face cause i'm not blessed enough to look gd in one take
*the office comes on* friend 1: please no not this again friend 2: quick turn it off me:
this is me, and ur friend 1 &amp; 2
!!!!! i got them to dab and squat ~
they are so cute tot
i'm not a fan, but for on a bak w/2 kids &amp; groceries, it's a huge deal. diverters are much better.
diverters and humps do different jobs, though. not interchangeable.
"where are we going to dinner?" 3-year old: "poop butt!" "poop butt restaurant?" "yeah!" "i feel like we're not on the same page here."
modern toilet is a popular chain in asia. maybe that's where they wanted to go?
i think it's the same case. i think she filed a civil suit in ca and possibly a criminal action in ny. i could be wrong
it's the same case but different filing. they're both civil, the one you're sharing was dismissed on a filing technicality.
y'all just gonna avoid that fine print that says "any breaking of these rules will result in a break up"?
this sorta shit would have me breaking up with him in the first place
lets say it's true, has obama ever promoted or done any of those things? no, i still fail to see how him being a muslim is aproblem
sorry cupcake i didn't write the script, the muzzies did wth thousands of years of butchery they can't hide
yeah. also there is no cloud workflow. there is aws, azure or gce workflow
we are leading with apis, which is good, but not how we interact day to day.
i just googled ulnar nerve. it's the "funny bone". i'm not laughing.
if it's just a nerve pinch, it can cause burning and numbness. it's obviously impactful.
i understand wanting first team play but...werder is such a garbage team
truly awful, i used to follow the bundesliga a lot closer, back around when stuttgart won it, and look at them now!
!!!!! there's a chance for us yet, todd.
one, bowles admitted he mismanaged the game by being conservative. two, he admitted it happened b/c he was wrapped up in defense.
but i'm a woman
lol but you gotta take it like a man.
the turner legacy: the storied origins and enduring impact of white nationalism's deadly bible | icct
it just occurred to me: i wonder if the protagonist of the turner diaries was named to distract from the book the confessions of nat turner.
they just played the original version of goo goo muck in game room and then dead moon.
was this cocktail served to you by dan aykroyd?
is that why rothschild heiresses are writing checks for hrc and trump is not accepting them? he's not on their side
he refuses to answer bis questions.these families own all 187 private central banks,planet wide public's% 2%
feelin more and more like nd might blow msu out the water tonight.
never expect a blowout win
in need of dro can u help
how much ou need
report of the russian centre for reconciliation of opposing sides (september 17)
play chess, long distance 2 each other at all times. needs better medicine as well. really
according to barry melrose he's the best goalie in the league, then instantly gave up a goal
no one seemed to acknowledge that the kings are good overall and schnieder carried the devils
as cooks illustrated points out nutria are aquatic and therefore a big no-no for cast iron (water/metal?)
yeah, no , that's another one of those myths that needs busting.
hahahaha juctice magic mike league!
it's fantastic, no? :)
wait, the division champs get trucker hats that just say "postseason"? this is worse than anything sd ever did.
mesh?!? wtf? that's like punishment for making the postseason
all of my relatives will say replay is just a big alabama conspiracy.
i mean, they are running all replays through birmingham this year...
the msm dumped this video after it aired. trump was right and it's our duty to show it. brussels and paris!
january 27th trump something is going on here! prophetic
smh ethan. &amp; i have been thru this w/ you. gsw thru the finals to get kd. dray sacktap, kerr rotations
marcus has been saying the same thing for months though...
wait, hol' up, where can i get me a shirt??
i got you boo! we handed them out at 's reception during 2016. next batch coming up.
how all my days are spent
i am learning the exact same thing lol
by up! like it if you liked it!
aww yiss, imma fuck dis beach!
i'm gonna assume you haven't seen the movie
definitely did. but i may have been like 17 because that move is v old
i've been pushing this story for months with frustration.
keep at it rainastro.
soooooo... seriously, who is getting fired on the training/medical staff? do what the nats did and clean house
nobody screwed up. what the team knows and what they tell you are often two different things.
if people stop excusing hrc horribleness, stopped demanding we accept it, start demanding she become better candidate, maybe we'd have one
impossible for hrc to become a "better" candidate. too much blood under the bridge at this point.
why am i sad all the time? trying to push myself out of this rut. i'm not going to let it take my saturday from me.
wish i could help
i think it's the same case. i think she filed a civil suit in ca and possibly a criminal action in ny. i could be wrong
have you read this article. it's a good source on the rape allegations
is that why rothschild heiresses are writing checks for hrc and trump is not accepting them? he's not on their side
he's made a back door deal w/clintons &amp; rothschild &amp; will just institute further police state4 the banksters
one, bowles admitted he mismanaged the game by being conservative. two, he admitted it happened b/c he was wrapped up in defense.
that said proof is in the pudding as to whether he actually changes his thought process/approach. potential major teaching moment for bowles
you must be talking about football
oh yeah. only the trivial things of a saturday
i'm so fucking excited its in orange city!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! my one true love omg
i was just taking to my friend about boston coffee!! we hoped it would return to oc!! yeay!!
oh jeez i thought there was an exam coming up next week for psychology but its actually the next week.
*plays roblox happily* *remembers upcoming exam* *plays roblox stressfully*
that's one way to look at it to me their incompetent
the same incompetent doctors you speak of are actually world class surgeons at hss. just so you know.
they go to houston i believe beginning of november.
oh they not winning that.
wine tasting at for my sister's wedding.
not a bad way to spend an afternoon... enjoy.
easily could have been molts! do they all molt at once? thanks!
could you tell if they were male-triangle shape telson (underside) sounds like male cancer productus mate now.
what are the odds that mckown gets hurt tomorrow?
about the same as you not showing up at the dallas game this year!
hey man i'm doing another taco tailgate - roll through if you can! lot 4
send me a pin so i can try to find you!
my old stomping grounds!
it is such a beautiful campus! we felt so fortunate to be there!
alright you had to expect the old hanley to come out...i'm not bitching...it hasn't been often
i can forgive hanley for a hustle play w/2 dn. romine just got him. lucky, because he was napping &amp; hanley saw it.
hey bro and all gday geve
metal saturday family
they go to houston i believe beginning of november.
ed oliver might snap lamar in two.
this is a disaster
this is a disaster
no, i didn't binge-watch season 1, you did.
yes. yes i did. fantastic show!
a closer look at the best mission in deus ex: mankind divided:
seemed to try a little too hard to be la noire without quite hitting the notes. still a neat mission.
here's the label
looks good except i think the last coffee note is incorrect
i love to anger posting associates with my hobbies :)
your hobby is playing with dollies
it seems the mets default to downplaying any injury, rather than preparing fans for the worst-case scenario. again, that approach hurts them
brother we will survive cause we are survivor!!
best team i have ever coached against.
that's amazing compliment coming from coach kelley. especially with all his program has accomplished! !
i think the uk should protect syrian refugees, until they can return to a stable democracy in syria. anti-refugee folk offer no alternative.
who is going to protect the brits from them? more nation building? waste of money and lives.
when you &amp; son make the same suggestions, his would sound 100 times better than yours to your wife. ok?
ignore her, calvin. she's just an instigator
you should not feel obligated to say hi to me in public just because i danced with you at a party
you hot shit
9/2/16 5:15 pmt twin falls, id when dreams become reality won't be long now.
enjoy our !
it's so amazing not seeing 0's in me checking account any more.
but the more 0s the better unless the balance is 0.00
so the mets' only potential rotation reinforcement coming at some point is steven matz. until then it's noah, bart, lugo, gsellman and ynoa.
yeah, but we've had worse. bobby jones, steve trachsel, got it done. just send montero to i.l. with might help...
made with sheets of pasta previously and then moved to extruded more recently. what are you looking for in particular?
where they come from and how they're made there. many italians never heard of them, but they exist in some parts &amp; common in usa
on trail for warns of threat of oligarchical rule! must watch!
it's not even on cnn or msnbc lol augh
with all these injuries, you have to wonder about the competence of the mets medical staff.
or, perhaps it's the fact they all threw more innings than they ever have by a wide margin in the last two years.
i think the uk should protect syrian refugees, until they can return to a stable democracy in syria. anti-refugee folk offer no alternative.
more muslim immigration is the last thing the uk needs.
growth is seen as a sign of success
i know. it's the "why is growth the measure of success" that i'm pondering.
crooked clinton will say anything and fix nothing! trump will fix!
hey you pepe pigs cruel back into ur pig hole please
is that why rothschild heiresses are writing checks for hrc and trump is not accepting them? he's not on their side
as he's instructed. or, the jfk "treatment" for him too. these are satanists these bankers. all under threat
they go to houston i believe beginning of november.
but that doesn't aid fsu in conference standings, which is where i was going with this.
nice yelp check-in. you made our day. how was your visit with us?
terrific as always! great coffee spot on the ues!
. do not owe anyone an apology for something that the democrats from hillary camp started in 2008.
: that's right. i remember when she opened her big lyin' mouth. now crooked hilarity keeps lyin' still.
why? what? my twitter has been acting up lately. or my brain is quitting on me?
either sounds plausible. or both. why is silent?
alderson said degrom will be shut down for the season. likely to have ulnar nerve surgery on right elbow.
that's it. game over.
i'm not 100% about red rock crabs, but many spp. molt &amp; then mate. i'll check. spiny lobsters molt around now.
could you tell if they were male? male cancer productus molt late summer early fall
for the mystery of iniquity doth already work: only he who now letteth will let.. 2 thessalonians 2:7 kjv
...and this is the spirit of the antichrist, which you have heard was coming, and is now already in the world. 1 john 4:3
it just occurred to me: i wonder if the protagonist of the turner diaries was named to distract from the book the confessions of nat turner.
the confessions of nat turner was a 1967 novel based on the leader of a real-life slave revolt.
our apologies. muni metro lines have been delayed by subway signal issues today.
thanks for the explanation.
if someone don't go get cam this damn game all ready
he really got me fucked up so i'm really not getting it.
she also tried to discipline gremlin herself and told us uninvited and unwelcome training advice. we just got her. let us be.
welcome to parenthood!
stranger tings again
decided on veep, but stranger things is due for a rewatch haha
please kimbrel make it easy one time
just once...
not to defend trump, but i will donate $100 to the trump foundation if he has ever used the word "frisson."
maureen still glows from her trump pillow-talk columns where they'd share secrets. trump is famous for his phone frissons.
feeling v after winning a children's trivia contest for a book i ghost-wrote (yes, i gave my prize to an actual child)
pro-tip: only attempt things you will definitely win!!!
i'm fine with cory not playing, rather him play for the devils than in some weird nhl created money grab tournament
absolutely. i would love it if lundqvist saw 0 minutes. and seguin already is hurt. from this
while donald trump fills up stadiums, hillary is either sleeping or filling up half a middle school gym.
no excitement for hillary!
is it too early for ice cream???
it's never too early
i love nick but when shattenkirk and faulk are left off i can't get nuts about leddy
i'm more excited he isn't there.
fantastic performance yesterday-many laughs, tears &amp; truth, here's to a successful nyc run!
thanks scott! x
we apologize if people are offended by these ads, but the 1st amendment protects free speech, even if it's considered offensive.
those ads are extremely offensive and can be considered hate speech. they should be removed
, can you substantiate your ludicrous allegation/assertion? i've never once been an apologist for murderers. are you delluded?
yeah i'm the one that's delusional
help us solve this mystery and track down donald trump's tax returns:
and hrc medical history.
thanks lawrence... it's sickening watching how many euphemisms the msm finds for the simple word lie.
thank you so much... lawrence. this guy is unbelievable!
how is this such a re-occuring theme for the mets with how they handle injuries? it's incredibly frustrating
by handle you mean how they disclose to the public? because he's not hurt due to how they've treated him. been conservative
time for riverboat todd
he's gonna go for it on 4th and 2 from the kc 43 in the third quarter and i'm gonna lose my shit regardless of end result.
patterns, colors, vibrations, angels, dimensions, horizons, texture, peace, death, love, life, joy, aspects, aspirations, art, sadness.
wut goes through my mind everyday
hanley could've destroyed romine at the plate. and probably gotten hurt in the process.
yeah; that's the second time in two nights he could have creamed the catcher, ala pete rose
is that why rothschild heiresses are writing checks for hrc and trump is not accepting them? he's not on their side
can you describe for me "patriot" what document cedes the "constitution"?what makes it worthless in commerce
lets say it's true, has obama ever promoted or done any of those things? no, i still fail to see how him being a muslim is aproblem
obama advisor v jarette is a sharia law muslim who in her stamford 1977 graduation speech vowed to bring sharia law to america
ryan would be best off going for global entry or nexus. his job will require more than just domestic travel.
ya probs, that's what i got...
awwww even tho there's not an l in my name i'm sure you just had a typo
sure thang gf
me every time i see a dog anywhere
you when you see cats
header for hope you like it check out my portfolio&gt;
this is great!
an eternity left, but thrilled for up 21-7 at michigan.
another reason why rankings don't mean anything this early!
so quake (), sure you can handle the spirit of vengeance, ?
i love this clip from
yep...getting my notes together now and it looks like a long night ahead!
good luck and happy batman day 2016
yeah, no , that's another one of those myths that needs busting.
you can use wet nutria as long as u rub pan first w crawdad butter.
follow it again this season. soooo many fun teams to watch
i keep an eye out for gladbach results mainly, i've always preferred the german league over the spanish or italian.
my most expensive text book is my french text book i could honestly kill someone
my two german textbooks add up to $400 i'm so pizzed dude
fit to retire.
fit for assisted living.
say hello to the newest member of the f&amp;f family! &amp; his wife natali welcomed baby eve on monday.
congrats....clayton natali and new baby
why does my mom send random shit she
you have a groupchat with the name "biatches" and your moms in it?
lol first thing i did was check who were playing on my birthday and turns out it's an off day next year
you guys are spoiled. latest ever game (world series) was nov 4, 2 days before mine. i never get b-day baseball
we bleed red white blue we are americans united 4 trump
# let's go trump
what airport did you fly into
im about to txt u.
lol we're lowkey the same person
ahaha right?! found my other person
the confessions of nat turner was a 1967 novel based on the leader of a real-life slave revolt.
nat turner is also the subject of a new movie about his life. his story is pretty well known.
if an ff fan, you are its exclusive audience. whether you dig it or not, who knows. the english dub was hit and miss for me.
both advent children and the main ff movie disappointed me. but i'll see it.
if they take him out, they'd create an international revolution against them &amp; a martyr to rally billions
right, like when one man from those families did the same, jfk. if he gets taken out their chaos proceeds
i want to me? ! push,don't be shy i want to take my virgin? ! i'm there-
i will bury you if you don't delete this tweet...
people doubt brady, doubt his accolades, and preach father time getting him -- he just spits in everyone's faces
remember when he left his pregnant wife for giselle?
it's not mines doll lol that is the hardest thing to drive ever
i bet, u still a bad bih tho
haha i'll be there the week after i think. arriving the 24th? have fun tho! would have loved to brunch!
awwwww such a near miss! sad! what time do you get in? i wonder if i could delay 24hr
this is one of the reasons why i now find it hard to watch a lot of tv. films too. the wire spoiled me.
you're tough, andy. that's like saying "i find i hard to read novels anymore. middlemarch spoiled me"...:)
it's pretty outside but ugly in here, so while i go sit in the sun please tell me about the best thing you've read/listened to/seen lately.
i love the new podcast, bad with money with gaby dunn!
lets say it's true, has obama ever promoted or done any of those things? no, i still fail to see how him being a muslim is aproblem
tons of stuff on the net. it's just the beginning. american's are woefully ignorant and kept so by the obama machine
trump by far because he once again reminded us about the origin of his racist political career and he lied about it.
i'm not sure that trump's ridiculous nonsense actually hurts him. his deplorables adore this stuff.
we love you both---you are our favorite twinz on definitely have to get you to compete against olivia
love you guys back
i feel like i'm gonna end up with an american guy.
oh nvm. swear i feel like its the first time i saw canada on your page
eubank jr. vacated the title not just because of injury, but to save the lives of future contenders. a true hero.
if eubank was on peds, imagine the wide scale devastation!
if they take him out, they'd create an international revolution against them &amp; a martyr to rally billions
"the royal they" are only 375k owners of 94% of all planetary assets.
these tempo/gimmick teams never stop with the tempo. you gotta learn how to play actual grown man football.
ole miss has to do anything possible to win bama has better talent
romans 5:8: he died for us, before we apologized. "that's love" you show love before the apology.
thank you shae, we must let the things of the flesh die in us, if we want to be like him, we must do his will
a stuntman has successfully jumped the snake river canyon in a tribute to his boyhood idol evel knievel
enjoy our !
who got the spot tonight? i'm trying to spin
if your ever in nyc , u can come spin at the shop
this is great, thx!
honored to do it robert! long beach proud!!!!!
lawrence, see the kind of scurrilous scum a leftist perspective garners? enjoy the low brow company.
don't blame me that you posted your pantiesyou give secularism a disservice with that type of imageyou will grow up soonhopefully
i'm craving donuts. haven't had one in years. might treat myself.
local donut or franchise donut like or ?
checking out 's session--sees herself as a "patient empowerer."
there's a seat by me
don't worry everyone, at this point the instructional league mets plus cespedes are going to win the world series because this year.
tebow time??????????????????????
march madness came thru!
did he play codeine crazy tho?
clinton still coughing; experts dissect campaign&amp;;s diagnosis of her health / can hilly continue to fake it.
can't play the video. can you provide other link?
nat turner is also the subject of a new movie about his life. his story is pretty well known.
i hadn't noticed that the 1967 book had won a pulitzer prize, then the turner diaries came out 11 years later w/ a white hero named turner.
gonna have to try that, only played a few on that list! many arcade ports i've never seen.
warning, the apple ii was not the greatest arcade port machine, but people tried really hard
fitz knew he was taking the deep when he saw s between 2/3 wrs. more enunwa highlight than fitz on this one imo
that adjustment tho
having a difficult time getting ready to go to the gym today...
you got this
seein these girls perspectives on 2k is really comedy. it ranges from "let my man play all day idc" to "if ur man like 2k, he got no future"
the second opinion is hella dumb, it's not that serious as long as he either goes to school or got a job he good
forgot misogyny sucks? son and father outside my grocery just screamed i should be flattered by crude groans because it was a compliment!
?! how old was the son?
so presidential. how could anyone deny it?
there was a time when "presidential" meant having a zz top beard. times change.
cc who is also delayed
out of sfo? i'm flying out of oakland.
fuckin!!! junk!!! ina!!!! maid!!!! outfit!!!
ok but this whole scene
my friend who's a 5th grade teacher just sent this to me! i'm dead!!!
"don't speak to me unless it's a greeting, which will be never"
confirmed with espn's pedro gomez: 3-4 months recovery is generally applicable for ulnar nerve surgery, but can take as long as 6 months.
we have done just fine without him, i don't know why everybody is jumping off bridges here
be sure you watch my snaps - kyliepagexxx you don't wanna miss out on us earth angels
brilliant on-camera persona stunning visual narrative would make for alluring opening scene in film noir mainstream thriller
getting it done at the plate for the again. nice work !
working with paying off for , and the !
. so i had this idea for a regioned memory system - part of the calling convention is the region of the parent context
. by explicitly passing the region results should be generated into, you duck arbitrarily much copying in the tail pos
we need your support to get to the white house and defeat . let's make america great again!
america is already great!!!
branding fail evidence that the campaign, pundits and msm are working together. let's push "power through"
: she is going have to power through a trump train colonoscopy. not going make it libtards.
celebrity for twitter no dey feed persin.
omojuwa is a living example
mets pitcher jacob degrom is out for the season and will likely have surgery
if making playoffs will have to ride gsellman, lugo, thor, colon....good news? no pressure to win. need to ride the bats
yea i guess we live in an era where the only religion with a bloody past is islam. ha, sure. the rest we sweep it under the rug
diff is islam is living and preaching as though it were still 900 ad
hello again, america. in after the season premiere of . monday 8/7c
ya boy got a new show
tullian tchividjian's son is angrily going after people, trying to defend his dad. after repeated requests to stop:
his father's actions cant be defended! smh
yeah all blacks are lying. what do you expect from criminals dodging bullets daily : because you can't prove your oppression
what's a black? &lt;~~~ for real this country needs to stop trippin.. read a fictional book. we ain't that great historically
predictable meltdown after a bad day. this is why national security officials fear his presidency. he's unstable.
tweeting reminds me of being a drunk college student texting
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
you lie,say inflammatory things in the hundreds you make up in the moment how could she be wrong crazy man!
i was in the hair salon , bk .. what's up
i was on your block, but my phone was tweaking.
ah i understand now. no i'm not there. was supposed to be but hand to cancel. crazy schedule!
right saw your name on the list. sorry to miss seeing you! hope all well! axx
or id say noname fosho.
the idea of beautiful was very miseducation-ish so rap definitely has the potential
atheism is not a belief
if you say so.
yall wanna hear this or naw
150 likes on the snip &amp; im dropping rn go gogo
ol forced british whimsy with a john williams score that sounds like a goddamn carnival ass movie
its the guy who did home alone too, he also made a bad rent movie
thx for your kind words! our goal-to combine the best of the best from camps &amp; coaches in a 2-day camp!
had the privilege of taking my daughter2camp 2015.blown away at their passion.hope 2see u on long island again
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
call trey gowdy-he'll straighten her out! please don't forget to place him close to you-he's terrific
pretending not to understand to avoid hate mobs? cuz the truth is obvious. americans loathe media. troll o, trump!
gotta dig deep to understand our sons daughters say f-sw
i was delighted when he beat two-hand jimmy connors. waranka has beautiful bh also, that all should copy. tks.
yes indeed! arthur winning attitude.could hv usd him with r at risk youth at hospital.his philosophy
lol!!!! you're too much!
i can't help it that you're nice to look at
omg meet you guys there in about a hour!
im going home
. by explicitly passing the region results should be generated into, you duck arbitrarily much copying in the tail pos
. so your call protocol is err_t f(args, region_t dstr, t* res);
lmfaoooo fucks but at the end of the day!!! we need him to violate somebody on a track cause niggas is wildlin
nah son he don't wanna rap beef i know he wanna spank niggas
she supports abortion, gay marriage, men in bathrooms and showers with children, and a nation who hates christians. a pastor!
pathetic. then i asked, who will the kingdom approve in this election? we have sold our rights in the altar of society pressure
so my school is funding my research project! god is good
that's super dope! congrats!
heard there was a tsunami hitting new york soon
2 years from now we gotta start preparing
"excuse me miss, but can you provide a sample of your hair and your first born?
"and excuse the goat, it won't be here long"
is this pointing to square/rectangular cartograms? or otherwise: how are positions determined?
forcex &amp; y both default to 0; the svg is translated so [0,0] is at the center.
so quake (), sure you can handle the spirit of vengeance, ?
love this little clip from of and
i love all leagues equally but bundesliga has a special place in my heart haha
i grew up with the premier league so that's my main one obviously, keep an eye on the irish league, then the rest get a glance!
settings, about phone at the bottom
i'm aware how to check from system updates. you've missed the point here bud
why didn't you assholes warn me about the season finale of stranger things? i'm fucking wrecked
got me crying over these ugly ass snot nosed kids.
pro tips for better travelers health? "think about medical evacuation insurance before bc it can cost up to $1million"
. makes me think of our trip to vietnam. we should have had that. lesson learned!
guess i'm staying in today/tonight. stupid hives hit my lip now i have a swollen lip. lookin like jay z and shit.
the rave never stops
software i miss in my life: (1) rdio. (2) sunrise calendar. (3) ragnarok online.
ragnarok online was the only mmo i got addicted to, it had a great community feel and taught me a lot about trade and politics!
...and against the exact same people.
is curled up,sucking thumb,peeing pants, wishing he'd listened to bernie bros now
i love all leagues equally but bundesliga has a special place in my heart haha
used to be balls deep in soccer until mma took over!
coverup is always worse than the crime! hillary:"i drink tons of water. just as much water as i can possibly drink."
# i kinda feel bad 4 her as it looks neurological 2 me. makes her more unfit for"potus"
your ignorance and prejudice is quite evident
it says, "reduce the risk". "reduction of risk" is a subjective notion.
just the arrow now but yeah.
hm, no? i'm seeing blue even for users who have not upgraded.
last night, thank you
luke have you been skipping squats day? work on that bootylove you
i need more about luke actually. what his favorite bands are, where he lives, etc
his favorite band is greenday, specifically the american idiot album. he lives in a trash can.
., , and i barely fit in the teacup due to our legs. this will be a reoccurring theme.
i pretty much have to ride this ride alone if i want to be comfortable and even then it's rather tight
. so your call protocol is err_t f(args, region_t dstr, t* res);
if you're making tail calls, just pass the parent region and dest on down. no need to allocate and copy before rfree
oh sure, touch screen stovetops sound like a wonderful idea until you remember that cats like to climb on stuff
yeah... if my dog can turn on/off xbox one... cats will burn your shit down.
well okay, new phone requires a selfie
teach me how to be so pretty please
nooo he used to always come to my family bbqs. so sad
he was always energetic too
come on - - anyone who knows the rules will tell you that was a fumble. qb's arm wasn't moving forward.
except, you know, the referees. ruling in the field confirmed.
seriously though
definitely me.
if you're making tail calls, just pass the parent region and dest on down. no need to allocate and copy before rfree
but maybe that's obvious
ran 31 plays in the 1st half over 3 drives: 18 rush, 13 pass.
1st quarter
your ignorance and prejudice is quite evident
"they are made of materials that do not allow hiv or stis to pass through them"&lt;--that is not a fact
got me crying over these ugly ass snot nosed kids.
now wait just one god damned minute!!!!!
on the inside, or the outside?
come over and find out
i grew up with the premier league so that's my main one obviously, keep an eye on the irish league, then the rest get a glance!
league of ireland*
i want hartley and brandon to stay in new york
okay we will. only if kasper approves
honestly it does ive never seen anything like it and its only wasting young talent
that's the truth. they all need to get fired and hire people who actually know how to do their job
on the inside, or the outside?
this pie is delicious
at least solidarity
you really are always on twitter
literally no one told me they were filming that day, so i didn't do my hair all nice and and i'm so so so mad
literally everyone told me it was a completely serious video and then they all my jokes and i'm boring as shit
but why don't you like me? - i don't even know who this is
are you magically supposed to know anon? lol
psa to all ucla students or cc students who come to campus a lot at night re:
input homesafeucla to your promo codes rn
"they are made of materials that do not allow hiv or stis to pass through them"&lt;--that is not a fact
i've already established that hiv does in fact pass through latex condoms.
my bestfriend doesn't drink but last night she thought it would be a good idea to mix jose, bacardi 151, and henny together.....oh boy.
look, she simply cannot be your bestfriend anymore. you don't need that level of audacity and lack of chill in your life
. awesome! we'll share the news will fellow alumni via twitter on monday :)
anne is a superstar and loved in the valley. bravo harvard.
if her position were that only the government should have guns (it's not), why would she take secret service guns?
oh, did you want intellectual self-congruity? lol. good luck.
wasn't that "helmet" behind his cowl in bvs?
yea the tech manual book confirmed that to be the case.
telling a person you thought you were gonna be with for a long time that they aren't good for you really sucks
but a very necessary and ultimately freeing revelation
good read josh, point by point you laid out trump's temperament.
his article is spot on how dt cannot do what most people master by 5 yrs old, he can't control himself.
prominent latino activist tony yapias who criticized trump comments has been charged with rape via fox13
see, rape isn't so bad if it helps you push your dad's flawed political agenda.
i call bs on that one! did you see that look he gave when dude said aleppo? i know stoners and that guy is effin hiiiiigh!
well given the gaffs the other two have had, i will allow him that one
that's wasup! don't leave!
lol i gotta go back to work
december cause it's my bfay
you mean happy merry christmas eve?
see, this is why we're getting a divorce, matt.
cause i didn't make you? wow... lols
2.3 million people streamed the nfl game last night. ironically the exact same # of tweets averages annually.
glad i could help with an assist on your personal tweet of the year
a pledge to provide "fair and equitable" treatment means you can sue for just about anything.
ppl will always sue. govts find benefits of flexible fet? should 3rd party evaluate?
facts. with references. and citations.
"latex condoms are highly effective"&lt;--the notion of "highly effective" is subjective.
it's only a matter of time, before syndergaard has a major health issue. it's just the sad reality.
you are a very cynical person.
tbt to walking to the party in brigantine pointing out the nice houses
omg they were perfect. pretty sure i took pictures lmao
now wait just one god damned minute!!!!!
what!!!! the!!!!! fuck!!!!!!??
who invented pepto bismal?
it's pepto bismol.
there is planned work along the n, q and r line.
if that causes 20+ minute gaps in train service, you should tell us that so we can plan ahead. be honest.
maybe dick too bomb.
he looks barely 18. i doubt the dick is bomb
directing people to log in to their accounts to unsubscribe is not the same as an unsubscribe button had to report as spam :(
on the plus side, at that point, you're in poll position to delete your account too (that's what i did)
. heard firsthand accounts of clinton foundation misdeeds yesterday in .
haiti was a disaster &amp; the clintons owns it. bill was the un special envoy, they looted haiti relief funds
wouldn't be a bad thing to have him miss the first month so he is fresh all year
actually it would be considering the first month is nothing but nl east.
"that was a truly terrible movie. suicide squad was a lot better, if we're comparing similar movies." - film critic on snowden
i agree but thought quinto's entire performance was a marvel especially when he snarled "janice"
this article about immigration reform is a must-read for all those who think it's easy to pass liberal legislation.
i'm sure it's a fine piece but it's hard to believe anyone thinks it's easy to pass 'liberal" legislation
honestly he might win it haha
yeah i'm sure he is because their schedule is gonna be easy after this game
how can this happen so often to say mny of their starters? bad luck,trainers,coaching staff? pitchers doing too much?
it's not really a surprise after the toll they took in 2015. it was always a major concern.
love being back in japan. efficient, balanced, orderly, friendly, beautiful. one of the many many many things i love: heated toilet seats.
is that where usc is playing, lol, fresno state getin their ass kick watching ole miss now , have a good one jw,
there is planned work along the n, q and r line.
if that work causes 20+ minute gaps in train service, you should tell your paying customers that so we can plan ahead.
it's . proud to be original co-author of the dream act, and a leading voice in congress for comprehensive immigration reform.
thank you for your leadership on
y'all were married?
maren is full of surprises this is the first i've heard of this
i met the designer of the red corsage rihanna wore at her w mag shoot today. epic!!! (she's the woman w blonde hair)
this is awesome
all you're doing is giving women another set of impossible standards we can't possibly meet, for which we will be blamed
like not wearing a ponytail? next thing you know they'll say we should buzz cut our hair.
how and when
present your ticket stub or student id anytime today. enjoy!
harvey, degrom, matz, wheeler, duda, walker, &amp; wright for the season.....it's not just dumb luck
it probably is.
degrom not pitching tomorrow and ulna nerve acting up likely will not pitch again this season matz threw bp today will know more tomorrow
do the mets doctors know what they are doing
perfect summation of
lol he put albert einstein in the same category as donald trump these trump supporters are funny in a trainwreck way
congratulations to eddie braun for fulfilling his dream. and evel's.
enjoy our !
my boss thought he was clever when he hired me despite me not knowing french and him lookin for a server w that specific skill
bc now theres a new french server who was given my full time status
question: when can you pass to the left?
good question i'm sure would like additional clarification after seeing what happened during xfinity race lol
i seriously do not understand the "logic" of that movement. seems like a total u-turn.
we like the idea of trending &amp; scaring the out of .
weekend roll call! - weekend plans? - goals / special meaning? - solo or who's in your crew? (and, whatever else!)
getting back out there after antibiotics totally screwed up my stomach.
chickens fumbled but...go figure that home cooking is tasting good for the
butt-pirates need to be able to hang onto the ball.
it's coo ima be playing 2k so think twice
have fun with that
2 stud pitchers have season ending injuries and another has major bone chips and still may pitch. the media and mlb need to step in.
a media? at this point we might need osha.
it is the only solution at this point, and i like the avi.
hehe thanks bebb
your diagnosis? you think hes ready for spring training?
it's so loosely defined. i bet he's behind the others come spring training.
as president, will make sure your safety comes first. we will protect our people!
,you will use our military to pressure your foreign business partners and deal to pay up at the people's expense
more like bouncalo
somebody sound the alarm.
actually.....she's the calm one. my whole life lacks chill. you've got a lot to learn here.
i know you lack chill. you tweet about it, buuuut dis is three-much. not too much but three
said to be an edit ;( but oh well
it looks cool ah well!
the nets' free-spending days are over. some rough years are ahead. but that's ok with and
. nets won't be terrible. play hard, fun to watch, maybe win 30+ games or more
bc now theres a new french server who was given my full time status
jokes on u christophe i read the 6 day eviction notice u got
exactly lol, a dude is able to balance school/work, &amp; find some time to play 2k. it ain't that hard lol
girls act like they don't text back their dude when they're watching makeup tutorials cus i'm guilty
yea, he's doing a house show that weekend
so much is happen. where's the house show while he's on this tour?
it wasn't as peaceful as it looks
was it as "fun as shit" as it looks?
teacher lowers grade for native american students who sat during pledge of allegiance
well if anyone should be allowed to sit it is native americans who have been screwed by the government over &amp; over
i've honestly never felt this way before
yoo i cannot believe what i am reading when's the weeding?
facts. with references. and citations.
what "facts"? all i see are conclusions (opinions).
nba trivia - who won a 3 point contest first?
got people who have watched the nba for 2 years voting
weekend roll call! - weekend plans? - goals / special meaning? - solo or who's in your crew? (and, whatever else!)
oh, and there shall also be a brief and easy run after sundown so i can check out that harvest moon.
i'm a+ and it's literally the only positive thing about me.
i always said mine was a+ because even my blood is fucking genius
kskcjskdjskb this is amazing thank you!!!
you're welcome!!
re-read my original question
well, my reading comprehension is apparently terrible.
for example, a candidate falling ill at a public event. this is why press needs to at least be there.
i get the point, but the hotel tour seemed to me a bridge too far.
i'm alright now... i just didn't give myself enough time to grab some food. also (stupidly) didn't drink anything.
that'll do it. no cabana boys bringing around beverages.
what do they get if they trump the leader? ??
a base signed by a player
most of the dead were from the 137th artillery brigade of the republican guard.
us will compensate their families one hopes
your service seems super useful we run a spot in soma, how do we go about potentially becoming part of your spaces?
yay! always looking for new awesome spaces :) can you pm over a good contact email?
mets announce tonight is actually robert gsellman hair/cap night. not really but why not.
funny *cries a little*
truth hurts esp when you have family left to die without help.
and this has something to do w/ hillary's health h....benghazi...oops, sorry.
report: putin may be out for revenge against u.s.
putin doesn't have america's time, we keep thinking that putin is such a bad dude, the media lies about it. imo he is a cool guy
wild video=&gt; muslim horde storms through mall of american on eid al adha holiday: every year thousands of mus...
we need more of the worthless animals?
really wanted the kouign amann pastry at the bakery but had no idea how to pronounce it. settled for a muffin.
i used to eat a kouign amann a day because they were so delicious - till i learned they're essentially a block of butter. now i eat 2/d
catholicism defined: a boys club that likes to rape little boys and girls and all their followers help them rape.
will you denounce sharia?
you mean demopublicans?
how will you vote?
green juice has made you funnier. try . my favorite is the spicy greens.
just a spicy greens girl in a carrot beet world.
i guess now he knows what it feels like to be the guy with the "inferior" console
yep totally
missed the game, the score looked crazy thop
it was as bad as it looked. complete distraction
if there's a british hockey player, he can no longer play for team europe, right?
field or ice?
wow. i'm sad to see this. i thought you were more intelligent. hillary has a 90% honesty rating from politfact. trump has 20%.
what planet are you from? clinton has lied repeatedly. if you perceive her as more truthful your an imbecile
y'all want 30 dollars for a water cup hoodie? nigga
that's clean af
i don't know whether to be mad that michigan's losing or that colorado's balling while cal struggles to win pretty winnable games.
must every pac 12 team ball while my bears ride the struggle bus?
im not sure why ive watched this 58 times
wtf is this omg
hahaha! sorry - over the top - i meant that i spot cliches or patronising short cuts quicker &amp; can't be bothered continuing.
no apologies needed. i was the same immediately after reading middlemarch or nostromo. nothing i touched could take with me.
** question ** how many minutes does it take you to make the bed?
it takes me about 3 minutes to make my bed.
my blackness isn't profitable,dumb fucks
fuck out of here,i do this for me&amp;mine
omg this is what they consider campus
a) visit me b) "campus" = urb. outfit., look @ this thread
favorite 15 albums of the last 15 years
this is the most perfect tweet
you could stay away from it at any time if you had to, right?
uh huh *shakes head no*
nice shot! and nice to work with you!
thank you , it was great working with you too.
they have incredible doctors. i would trust them. it's more likely a message issue.
incredible doctors haha. there training staff is awful
the media doesn't care about kanye's expertise at the laptop. tech people in music are almost as marginalized as horn players.
i'm media. i care. that's what i do care about.
i've been mostly off line the last couple days visiting family. why did trump re-shine the spotlight on his birtherism?
he's all about the show. trump gonna be trump. always the promoter self-promoting. the greatest show on earth. .0
hahaha! sorry - over the top - i meant that i spot cliches or patronising short cuts quicker &amp; can't be bothered continuing.
great art really changes you that way. it elevates us as well as our standards.
how donald trump played the press
how mush money did it cost trump to get those veterans to lie for him, a 5 times draft dodger! while they fought,trump scammed
i think it was amir abdulla
it was the person sitting next to amir abdullah. will have to check notes -hope we have it recorded
all religions are like that, that you fail to see that islam is being use as a tool to advance a political agenda, its your fault.
please investigate. when you have liberal bill maher say" the more you know of islam the more you'll be terrified " i listen
kristopher gets here at the end of the month, my mom gets here in october, and emma gets here at the end of november. i'm so excited.
i'll be your christmas present in december
"why won't dt just say obama was born here?!" dt says it. "why won't trump say he's sorry?"
sorry for what? have they apologized for the carnage in libya, syria, mali, sudan, somali, egypt, iraq? cry me a river. maga
also these usc kids are surprisingly bad at caltrain
you wearing your lederhosen?
i think we call it insomnia, right ?
total victim
when he opens doors for you, texts back fast, calls randomly, surprises you with gifts, and is a man of god
i stared at your face for a min
with dropping river city: tokyo ransom on sept. 27th i decided to find a place to train
whyyyyyy can't i preorder this yet!?
the mets injury list always in flux.
seriously though. they have to do something about the training staff or methods at this point.
so east carolina, who beat nc state last week, is down 17-0 7 minutes in to south carolina. ok then.
agree his is hard to figure out given what a powerhouse nc state is within the powerhouse acc.
where tf is troy dye
missed practice time not sure why
ois is the real deal!
praise be unto the engineers
these went out at almost the exact same time. i'm guessing he was a/b testing.
we need a fact check on whether dowd or rest of america "knows" trump. after his 30 years on public stage, i think we know him
trump just sent a letter to anti-abortion leaders. it's a prescription for more patriarchy.
trump's anti-abortion platform and penchant for stirring up violence match up well with his new endorser. my latest.
sign him to a five-year deal!
i agree, bartolo colon, what a great player!!
says a contemptible woman who exposed top sec info to make money, + who called 1/4 of americans 'deplorable'
isntawomanofthepeople.
hey ny-ers!!! is performing saturday, september 24th at 8pm at ! "my someday is now!" broadway to pop!
9-24 8 pm jaycee driesen is performing and going to knock your socks off with her power vocals! ty4sharing!!
breakup, my memoir-diary recounting the collapse of my marriage is back as an ebook! thank you
thank you for the retweet!
tickets are on sale now for larry owens sings the bernadette peters songbook at the laurie beechman, 9/17 at 7pm
ticket update: there will be some available at door-first come, first served. no waitlist, so please don't call. (sorry!) doors open at 5:30
notice a big difference in speed yet? i've got the matte black plus on order. looking forward to it.
it's noticeably fast. not to say the 6s was slow in any way.
what's up new york.
how's it's going josh it's my birthday weekend
forever twinning with this man
catch &amp; i at walking the runway for............
making this my twitter background.
i'd be ok with that.
am i driven by compulsions? yes. do i obsess abt shit beyond my control? yes. do i learn from mistakes? no. is it going to be ok? prob not
it will all work out..
hey -got a lovely ecard from someone on your team this morning (note the domain). cc
woah. that's aggressive
nothing good ever happens to me.
don't say those things
the wussification of america.your fired! its football!! if u on my team &amp; getting drug i'm letting u no &amp; not respectfully
that's good for you lol, i strongly disagree. thanks though.
bout catch this hell or high water flick. i been hearing good things.
don't fuck this up, shreve
..thanks for the follow..and looking forward to seeing you on my turf....its ...
can't wait! but first beer is on you! lol
exactly. milch's writing on deadwood raised the bar again.
yeah, that was up there too. i loved the dialectic of intense vulgarities and the shakespearean vernacular of the time.
outrageous: no, is it deplorable? kentucky governor: electing hillary clinton may eventually lead to violence
yes, it is deplorable to incite false fear &amp; hysteria!
i thoughtb&amp; w nyc daytime would be nice but he picked this also nice easy to put tho 3 of us did it
do u have website link?
as good as michigan looked the first two games, that's as bad as they look right now. bad on offense. bad on defense. incredible.
that special teams tho.
you're so emotional today lmao
lol. just saying... do you know what next weekend was supposed to be? haha
we like the idea of trending &amp; scaring the out of .
actually voting for that poofy noodle is another issue entirely.
...brother?...yes sisters and brothers need to preach about it!
the man who executes my counsel from a far country indeed i have spoken it i will also bring it to pass i have purpos.it ...
my life is full of magic. dinner just appears on the table dirty clothes suddenly appear clean &amp; folded. magic! or i might be married.
not for long if you tweet that again
let's call it a sociological inquiry. you're smart ppl, , , you must know some world history. what's the story here? curious.
just a lens on society unfortunately, and antisemitism been rampant for centuries. perhaps hate is pt of humanity?
everyone at my brunch cash app'd or venmo'd me their money and i just paid the entire bill with my for triple points
wall street thug by day. travel blogger by night.
just found out i get to go to iowa's tech conf . will you have anyone there?
michelle, we would love to help you spread the word. :)
my skin was so perfect for 2 weeks and now that i have an upcoming event my forehead breaks out.... i
skin problems are the bane of my existence
they all look like kim now ****
smh kim is so hot but damn be yourself lol
the first cargo delivery mission to mars is set to go down in 2018, with a manned mission in 2024
enjoy our !
they still aren't here
yeah that's the only thing it takes 2+ weeks.
ugh what if it happens again
don't put that on me
awww thanks guys!
happy birthday! that's no moon, that's a birthday cake.
thanks so much jer! miss you &amp; all your jokes a bunch
i'm sure you do miss them
says the woman who should have been prosecuted for exposing top secret information to our enemies
.clintonremoveyourhandfromthatbible&amp;tryonthesebracelets
the cavalry is coming...
na mets lied to us about degrom
this won't be as intense as if we went to the georgia bar in manhattan. they have the stadium pregame music and videos there.
we'll be nice and toasted but chill (until we start losing)
yes because south carolina has been amazing since the start of last season right?
hey man... i'm not to one who is acting like nc state is alabama.
noah syndergaard is 1-2 with a 3.66 era in three career starts vs. giants. bartolo colon allowed 1 run in 6.1 ip this season vs. san fran.
yeah but noah's last start was a 8 inning shutout against them
he's dead to me
i'm impressed, this is hilarious
what's the last tv series you can remember by episode name.
satc i heart ny
the turner legacy: the storied origins and enduring impact of white nationalism's deadly bible | icct
the story of the radicalization of william pierce, the author of the turner diaries is interesting. he'd definitely be alt-right today.
act like u know me, but u never will
follow back please i love you are nice.
for millions of americans, geography might be the biggest barrier to a healthy diet.
surprised south los angeles, ca not mentioned as they have more fast food choices than healthy options to buy.
ends today! ship at hanes/ onehanesplace/ justmysize ~buy 1 get 1 50% off apparel at hanes: tees, sweats...
hanes men's underwear up to 55% off, bra sale 50% off ~leg/ shapewear up to 40% off
this is so beautiful and i'm chuffed for you guys
thanks love
hehe possibly can i let u know soon
cassie whatever u r doing can't be as important as the gathering
yes because south carolina has been amazing since the start of last season right?
if u said "this is crazy bc the gamecocks haven't been very good and ecu has looked good this year" i could buy that
earlier on my way to for the event!
love your lipstick color!
it was absolutely amazing. normal for the locals, but incredible for me.
life goal: get to a point where dune-buggying on a beautiful beach feels "normal"
i'd give you bartolo colon's career numbers vs giants but not sure his success against will clark is relevant to wild-card starter decision.
ok that was funny........
trump dodged many questions, saying he'll do "what's best for americans," probably because he knows he's getting fop endorsement regardless.
his answers to the iacp (police chief's association) were different. and seriously wrong on facts, tactics, and approach.
ugh so envious. i was gonna go on a side trip there from paris but was anti-brussels so we went to marseille
omg don't blame this on me i wanted to go to italy
sharia is bullshit
ok...so you are not a muslim... why the attack on catholicism? see you've been working hard 4 followrs
love this pic
me too...and zoom it to look at the bottom of each of their awards.
if you think had pneumonia please contact me as i have a bridge for sale. i can only hope her next seizure comes in a debate
agree wholeheartedly
shows what you know lol
still think i was right haha
let me know if you want to be on this illustrious list: people to see in nyc next week
omg you must be on this list!! are you in town?
i hope you like my new avi, and think i'm hot and sexy at the picture?
such deliciously sexy captured offerings gf,well done ( c ;
in an oven, and photoshopping my face into deathcamp photos is fine. honestly, i don't personally give a shit what these losers do, but i
the world is uneducated and ignorant. :(
then u make fun of celebs when they do get it bcuz they feel bad about themselves after they read comments like this
why are you such a thot bop? or are you just an attention whore? how you go from greg to ur bros x (shadyyy) to tyler? slow up!
i be doing this all day
same, back n forth
i still haven't found a crystal pepsi yet- boo!
might not be in every market, and it may be a limited time release. hope you stumble across some soon!
eh she iight. she took it like a champ. she's just new to drinking but don't worry i lectured her enough
man people stay wildin. but i guess hennything is possible
at the airport just remembering the time , and i wanted pinkberry and ended up at sfo
fun nights in your low rider truck
chairman gowdy continues to lead a fair and fact-driven investigation. i fully support him.
trey needs a larger platform- he gets things done
honey g has my vote
can you imagine her duet at the finale though? there's lots of viable partners for her! haha
east coast faces gas shortages, price hikes after pipeline leak
gas prices kept low under 0bama
you're screaming abuse &amp; libellous statements at people over the internet... why are you so full of hatred?
you're hysterical. sue me
could you tell if they were male? male cancer productus molt late summer early fall
i didn't look closely, but i bet that's right! anyway, lots of crab molts washing up at herons head today. :-)
i do not care if people get so repulsed by you. i see you-the real you-even if the world does not.
i and my family's so proud of you. we'll support you all the way. ur genuine laughter is contagious
and the airpods-in-washing-machine was not a test. left them in my jeans yesterday. wife found them.
ouch! how are they?
the movie theater was screening 1971 willy wonka and i brought my 2 year old whoops forgot about the tunnel scene
our kids did ok with it... but liz is a badass and tom is 4
it's incredible is correct. tons of replayability with the different routes and options. i love it
i always wanted to play it but never bought it so i'll give it a shot thanks!
dang....bernie got me there, but hillary's no better. *sighs* this election sucks!
he has never said anything positive about her
momma mandy, do you have kids? have you ever had anyone you know or love die of cancer? if so, better vote
i worked @ a world renowned cancer center for ~15 yrs. way too familiar w/this subject.
this going to make things awkward at work.
i smell a transformers/harry potter shared universe.
view of freedom tower &amp; lady liberty from
hey! can you please follow me on instagram? it's thank you!
(2) another photo of justin bieber spotted out in germany today. (september 17)
idk why but i'm so in love with this pic
if you can share the photo you can help me raise awareness on the
was thinking what a beautiful open mind then i see that flintwater not the only thing tainted!!
is pretty lit kinda sad to see how many people back stabbed her :/ love u
love you honeyy
hillary can't win. voting for her is a waste. third party is the only hope.
a third party can't win but hillary will. are you a trump troll?
has anyone heard a peep from the main street media in this obvious islamic terrorist attack??? ....crickets
nope. i have been retweeting every report about it.
happy birthday little cousin may harambe bless u today
thanks lil chinker
fucking masterpiece
hey! can you please follow me on instagram? it's thank you!
very loud explosion at semper 5k in seaside park at e street. omg
can wcbs use your photo with a credit?
at 47, i've finally discovered the pure joy of the chainsaw @ sonoma...
watch that kickback, it can take a finger, hand, or nice piece of leg really fast.
include beer tasting and i'm down lmao what dude just wants to pick apples?
a dude that wants to eat apple pie
yes indeed! arthur winning attitude.could hv usd him with r at risk youth at hospital.his philosophy
i saw your website and congratulate u on ur tremendous successes and still today ur actively teaching.need more tennis 2day
we had sense not to let cars run on them
i mean it's no different here also.
ceasefire had nothing to do with the us bombing the saa.
if us claims it was a mistake then syrian army and russian army can also claim all civilians hit by airforce was mistake as well
typical liberal politician, get rid of all the guns except the ones protecting me. don't get your panties in a wad
isafulltimedemocrat,she'llholdtheline
bummer. but also yeah why *are* you there? i'm a total theater nerd but i have no desire to see that.
didn't know anything about it beyond it being a classic. my girlfriend won an online lottery in the morning.
52 years baby!
hey! can you please follow me on instagram? it's thank you!
i became a fan just because of the depth chart lol
so many local kids.
i find it hilarious that the fuck supreme guy clearly stated why he was wearing the underwear but people chose to ignore that lmao
when was this ?
niggas she aint even done and idk how to act wait on the pictures y'all gon block me by the end of the day
she's &amp; and ready this woman is just so damn beautiful i got lucky as hell let me tell you
i'ma rock the boat, work the middle 'til it hurt a little, i feel it your love is fadin'.
hey! can you please follow me on instagram? it's thank you!
this is a new one: trump walks out to rally in miami to "do you hear the people sing" from les mis w/ this sign:
does he even know what happens to 99% of the guys in that song?
all i want in life is is that too much to ask????
hey! can you please follow me on instagram? it's thank you!
is this the rooftop view of lin's apartment in brooklyn or nets practice facility when in brooklyn. : jlinsta7
lin's rooftop. all shots i've shot of hss roof there isn't wood tables or cheap couches. hss furniture elegant.
i hate so much. why the fuck did they add all this unnecessary bullshit to text messaging??
it's so annoying.
happy birthday to my favorite cousins! have an awesome day losers, love yall
thanks tere
breakup is incredible; it was the brilliant who recommended it so highly &amp; i'm thrilled it's now an ebook too!
thanks both!
the only pic i like of myself ever in my life lol (iasmin looking cool as ever tho)
hey! can you please follow me on instagram? it's thank you!
question for $aapl bulls/bears: how has apple's iphone profit per phone changed by year -- and how do you see that tending?
i think aapl is first to develop sustainable recurring hardware subscription revenues with the iphone upgrade program in next 5 yrs
yea well ignorance and fear is a powerful tool.
you don't get an army of jihadists by promising them a seat next to god in heaven, but a promise of 73virgins
ragnarok online was the only mmo i got addicted to, it had a great community feel and taught me a lot about trade and politics!
same, lmao. nothing else really had that seem feel to it, to me.
yesterday was so great man lets repeat
tonight round 2
but why is my insta acting up ?
hey! can you please follow me on instagram? it's thank you!
i can't relate to reality shows because i'm only here to make friends
and your life probably isn't as scripted
it's like a fake message board but in app form. if it is a honeypot i respect it.
. yep, i don't think it's fake, but i think they're overestimating the audience. metcalfe's law.
another loss at . a very unwanted streak!!!
i am sorry my english bear, you will squish'em next time.
may have to paint the chest for saturday
get 11 people and spell put hold the rope
so im gonna be basic at webster tonight for oliver huntemann
how much is cover
9 months sober and seeing people drunk and acting like idiots really makes me happy i am not in there shoes!
congrats on 9 months!!!
what are they racing?
crate sportsman, 358 modifieds, and news wingless crate sprint cars
the name b!!
my bad it's gval x facts straight
why the hell am i listening to dance gavin dance during my break
eating pretzels drinking ice tea
still work! will let you know if that changes!
that's a relief, thoughts and prayers are with you
pretty sure that emboldens them. entire campaign has been driven by resentment of folks they perceive as trolling them.
that's the whole point - get a huge rise out of them - it's their entire mo for everyone else
someone i work with told me this girl is telling people she wont let me follow her on insta when i never even requested to follow her lol
hey! can you please follow me on instagram? it's thank you!
fyi, virginia woolf if $6.99 on itunes if you don't own it already. who's afraid of virginia woolf? -
the most unrealistic thing about the virginia woolf movie is they go to a college town bar at 3 am, flip a table, then get served another .
i was a total samantha in high school, thought i was carrie when i was 22, i'm miranda these days &amp; my charlotte years are likely on the way
"i choose my choice!!!!"
go like my pic on insta i look hot as hell but also extremely tired and comment something nice to boost my ego
hey! can you please follow me on instagram? it's thank you!
great time at yonkers flag football this morning. best surprise was seeing one of my high school football coaches.
welcome to yonkers next time stop by my house and say hello
mucosal melanoma? just kidding, u got any more info though?
just chatter overheard in ten hospitals...
yeah im a degenerate so i keep up with everything haha
irish sports, hurling and gaelic football, are above soccer for me too. keep up with results, don't watch half of what i used to
our strategy is not and has not worked to beat poverty so of course we should come up with a new one
strategy worked ,if u dont work u get social help.there is no motivation to work .
omg what ?! tell me ur secrets lol
no im not rly do anything special i had an ed when i was in middle school n my body never went back to normal so its always
post a selfie on insta wearing love bug and hashtag
hey! can you please follow me on instagram? it's thank you!
omg what ?! tell me ur secrets lol
like that lmaoo
i just voted all my votes for for 's ! cast your vote now!
awesome!!!
my mom just showed me how to zoom in on insta wtf
hey! can you please follow me on instagram? it's thank you!
who did i dm on insta gram last night
hey! can you please follow me on instagram? it's thank you!
i wrote a long thing about spacex and its recent failure. read it?
on 2nd anniversary of cctcap contracts friday, musk was on twitter debating renaming mct. crew dragon now 16 mo behind schedule
hillary can't win. voting for her is a waste. third party is the only hope.
third party voters
i thought was buying?...
i'm good with that!
breaking:us military engages in violent clash in syria, 64 soldiers reported killed (details) via report
that article was one sided and biased. it was all based on reports from the russians and syrians lol
i am! and have unlimited brunch freedommmmm
ok this is a special superpower which must be carefully exploited
managed to leave the only out a coupla c-notes
money well spent.
. yep, i don't think it's fake, but i think they're overestimating the audience. metcalfe's law.
. metcalfe's law: the usefulness of a network is proportional to # of users squared. gab can succeed on its own terms.
follow my private twitter feed. details here - i trade $spy $iwm $uvxy $vxx $qqq $aapl $tsla $pcln $nflx $bbry $gdx
will you be in room on monday?
saw my nephew earlier who has a streaming cold so i'm assuming i've been the usual germ magnet haha!
is that your excuse for naming a hamster "cockwomble"?
fact: hillary can't win on merit &amp; policy, so she's trying to make this election a referendum on !
:benghazi,haiti,russia,e-mail gate,etc.
that's too. i also saw and .
did everyone get their new machines ok? lots of people gave up
i feel like im the only one who stayed home last night smh im a fuckin l
we out tonight
on my office mate's shelf...
gabor is hugely important as the guy that theorized granular sound. his ideas about social processes are vertiginous.
mixed marriages is hf verwoerd laughing | south africa today
brand new tune
when dustin and i cuss at each other, it's actually in a loving and endearing way..
this is the shit i'm talking about.
ordered the hardcover for myself but it's going to get here way later than yours will hype me okay?
i'm cry i love the killjoys so much ily fuck guh
when does the training staff become accountable?
they aren't doctors. and, people get hurt, especially hard throwing starting pitchers who throw a lot of innings.
deng is the clear reason why the comparison isn't a clean one at all. he's clearly better and the wiser choice to be the starter
even if deng wasn't on the roster, i'd trust luke's choice to start (????) at sf over ingram because luke would have a legit reason+
that's only a tractor supply rule
are you serious??
principled americans that are trying to change a vile &amp; corrupted 'lesser than 2 evils political system 4 the better
we need only one non evil candidate,
soooo i just repierced both of my ears
i just took the earrings out of my right ear&amp; am now holding pressure on it w a tissue bc it won't stop bleeding don't try this at home kids
this whole week has been depressing af lmao.
cheer up
mason and i straight slaying the snap game
you're one handsome dalmatian.. you're like a young pongo
she's beautiful
is this urs cause if so i hate u
if you were a president you would be baberaham lincoln.
hahah that was epic &lt;3
then u make fun of celebs when they do get it bcuz they feel bad about themselves after they read comments like this
i wouldn't pay much attention to that comment. i bet you made his day by responding. be a a lover
i've listened to so much coke studio today my bluetooth speaker ran out of battery. ;(
looks like is in new york currently. if you come visit, we can convince him to sing for us live.
it's ideal if you're a robot, i suppose? made me realize i get up different times on different days.
if people at apple really wanted me to sleep better, there was so much more they might have done
lol, who you talking about tim?
just in general, like come on
fuck you and have a great evening
did you hear what happened to max b?
can a fanbase realistically petition an inquiry into the by the ?? gross negligence in player handling
prove that. let me know how it goes.
yea well ignorance and fear is a powerful tool.
stupidity and greed runs islam
. metcalfe's law: the usefulness of a network is proportional to # of users squared. gab can succeed on its own terms.
. where the internet makes it interesting is the cost to set up a message board &amp; mobile app is close to 0. gab isn't special.
anderson paak!!
thank you!
"government's proposal to detain and process asylum seekers near the border is a pointless waste of money."
- anc never concerned about waste of money!
even if deng wasn't on the roster, i'd trust luke's choice to start (????) at sf over ingram because luke would have a legit reason+
+that wasn't "ingram is a rookie, he needs to ride the pine".
bruh if that's in oakland that shit is hella hella good
yes. on telegraph. worth the 98 min wait?
i'm so close to ending it all
nah you can't do that, you're not finished with it
wassup then?
im on h1 get on
ur going though so bye see u tn
most def. i finished all my work
what the h*ll happened with degrom? i thought everything was fine as of yesterday? makes no sense.
it sounds like nothing was fine. it sounds like they were hoping to prolong the inevitable, that being surgery.
i noticed you don't tweet much anymore. is there a cool new social network i need to know about? :)
pythian slack :)
jerry, we're doing 24 episodes which is twice as much as normal shows do in a year. and crushing to do that many!
in awe of the circus- like the original nightline, it's all there and beautifully edited
no. that is juvenile. i think he's made some serious mistakes this year with his personnel, starting with conforto.
michael conforto kept playing into june, man, and was sucking since early may. ample at bats.
nothing is booked ever. absolutely hate statements like that.
just watch..... we r gonna run unt over and vawls after
imagine being percy shelley. imagine writing so much about a "hell demon" that you just abbreviate it to "hd" whenever you write
thats one high definition hell demon
lol don't know anyone at this bday party so i'm in the corner drinking wine
gotta have fun somehow
plus they can get the wildcard without him...idk how deep they can advance without him
i have faith in seth lugo and gsellman
jut becaue we are alive now, this time period is not totally unique..the wants to grow their fortunes at any cost to others.
studyin since late 70s has revealed not disclosed or discussed...u.s. want no to give 0 for public goods, our
whenever i see shit like that i'm just like so is there racism too? or just old cars...
yeah i've wondered that myself. i prefer to think it's just old cars. rather than jim crow and jpn internment camps
. he and i put on a tennis demonstration at nostrums in d.c yes ago.
excellent! when i met him in the 70's i was on staff at ucla. continued success sir in all of ur endeavors.
can't wait for tomorrow. ps does wee jamie become a tennis player in outlander?
no. but young ian does great at archery!
gonna sound like an old man here but this crap never happened to seaver ryan marichal sam mcdowell they pitched buko innings
but there were also plenty of pitchers who did get hurt and could never get back due to a lack of medical science.
. holds you to the facts
doesn't that trumpster realize trump discriminates his ppl?
we still have to play nt.
one game at a time, but we will run unt over
again, i am working this weekend.
i didn't know you were working. i saw his tweet and thought of you. no worries.
. where the internet makes it interesting is the cost to set up a message board &amp; mobile app is close to 0. gab isn't special.
. sorry, i'm just being negative about their endeavor because it's so self-indulgent, yet meaningless.
we still have to play nt.
scarlett and thompson gonna have great games
looking to even the series vs. col today with toeing the rubber! first pitch at 5:10pm pt. full lineup:
good luck alum on day knocked-off richmond 42-14
ooooo oh ok i'm at a wedding in brooklyn and heading back to lower manhattan where i'm staying and ride
webster's downtown
you need to make some bougie friends in soho ~ they will enlighten you.
what if they ask me what a loft is before we establish our friendship
i got the whip tonight. it's littt
did the fucking most last night.
my money on lil key
i hope u got gwop to spare .. he needs to change his flow up, he's mad aggressive 4 no reason..
at the end of the song "all at the cost of our sons and daughters" becomes "all at the cost of our sons and squaw daughters
so the original doesn't include 'squaw'? i assume thats an insult? excuse my ignorance
. has new single with eddy kenzo and we love it!
brand new tune
this season has been cursed...
cursed, and they continue to have a high probably of playing in the postseason. not bad.
progressive voters disgusted w/ stay home or vote for . in neither case is it a vote for
you are wrong. hillary needs every vote
well i hope so but they will be absolutely jacked for that game. we still had to come to play.
losing sutton for them is huge
hahaha. how do i try for followers. showing joe's hypocrisy abt religion.
nope...you're obvious... why are you obsessed with pedophilia...you are spreading lies...projecting?
i can't wait to pass great neck lmfao
lmfaooo this drive is hilarious we passed little neck now in riverhead heading towards dix hills
well i hope so but they will be absolutely jacked for that game. we still had to come to play.
best player on team imo
3/3:, your readers do &amp; should care about issues impacting women &amp; children. keep the focus where it belongs-advocating change.
cosmo like most americans ivanka care about the lgbt families and stay at home fathers who care for thier kids
why does mike pence always look like he's about to introduce legislation to outlaw the x-men
it would be great if he melted tho
i'm widdit if i have like no time to do things but i procrastinate like a mofo if i have free time
literally why is this so me
when you're understaffed during a saturday rush and your new manager is sitting in the back rearranging shelves
actually he went to popeyes i'm gonna scream
we'll be in brussels, during our europe tour, let us know if you'll be around. one love
will def come thru! when's that? i'm in nyc rn
is this what heaven looks like
my guess is yes
you need to buy smart wool socks.
what?! what's wrong with thermal?
webster's downtown
perfect, yea i've walked by it before one night
2 zip europe. torts about to strike out
can we fire him and hire bylsma rn?
. why, do you think your a bad guy???
it's a song lol
should've ubered
technically it was an uber but a green cab within the uber network so shh
more clean prs! with 225lbs and with 250lbs and a close 265lb.
making it look easy!
learn with how diversity will make your organization more successful
. love hearing about all the dope work you all are doing.
so you can't pick that then make apple pie? lmao
omg try something new
i just discovered , a pretty sweet collection of free to use photos for splash pages. well done!
such a great service. even better backstory:
that's disgusting
i legit like "what the fuck is this? when i saw it.
it's smoove fasho lmao . you big boolin today ? we smackin plays tonight.
we too stanford if you tryna slide
win a how? 1. share this image 2. answer the questions:
i submitted my entry. cant wait to hear some good news
yup that's him during his larvae stage... smh they grow up so quick... i mean really where does the time go
erase this.
no lie. when my best friend &amp; were younger, we said we'd leave our baby at the hospital or a church so horrible.
you just as bad lmaooo
3/3:, your readers do &amp; should care about issues impacting women &amp; children. keep the focus where it belongs-advocating change.
your plan ivanka, makes it blatantly clear, you only care about the 1950's traditional family
keeping it classy with "butt pirates" great job. that was fantastic smack talk! i mean you are fantastic &amp; all!
oops. sorry. can you send me the twitter trash talk rule book? chapter 1: chickens is ok, but anything related to butt is not
hey yo puss boy go fishing today?
nope slept in
i asked my mom if yoyo comes to the bay if i can go &amp; she told me to tell him about sac &amp; to come here like if it's that easy to talk to him
or get ur ass to the bay
fan off any type of criticism ...as the black characters continued to lack screen time &amp; development
then the ratings start to slide.
hey for those of us who can't see i think you should bring back
but like at broadway
enjoying intv w/ . she recently went to nr lafayette, la, where she learned many cajun music&amp;craft.
. 1st learned guitar from hs janitor norm, played in a band w/him&amp;mates. new single is "could you wait till i have my coffee?"
today i turn "well i still have all my hair, so that's something!" years old.
today i turn "ekg looks good, knock wood" years old.
look! i found my second stop sign in the netherlands.
oh my. i just spent 10 days there and just realized i probably didn't see a single one.
there's me!!
hey there's you!!
so you're saying that you're rubber and i'm glue? it's a compelling rebuttal.
no. i'm saying dirty tricks have been honed and perfected by your team, pal. open your fucking eyes.
i mean, maybe not on campus
off campus isn't that great either truuusssst me it's the same stuff every week nothing that crazy ever happens
yes text me i'll be there by 11-1130
should i get there that early for techno pregame purposes
how is it so far?
really cool! i suggest watching the whole thing
our thoughts are with the friends, family and teammates of team iran's inspirational cyclist bahman golbarnezhad.
what happened
apparently to be an announcer on the feed of a hockey game and report between the benches u need to be short, bald and look like a penis
shave dannys head!!!!
seems jay horwitz has a bit of egg on his face here.
jay? how on earth is this his fault?
&amp; talk star side of bird hill and the reactive right now
thanks so much for this, kevin. wonderful to finally meet you.
. has new single with eddy kenzo and we love it!
brand new tune
setbacks with arms can be acute/sudden.
sigh only good news i'm hearing is he should be ok for 2017. hope all goes well for him!!
happy birthday, ! i love you with all my heart. hope you're having a lit day! be a hoe
thank you! we look so young - it's pretty scary
lol totally scripted , hysterical
: these talking head libtards are hilarityoid zombies. totally pre programed from birth.
because you were fasting on yom kippur
lol that certainly didn't help.
the marvel symphonic universe:
comparing scene background music to theme songs misses the pt: the lack of theme songs in marvel movies.
hues isn't available in the us anymore :( anyone have another mac color picker app they like?
late to the party, but i like sip
we know you're busy - just sent a quick email cc -- have a great summit! peter
hi aria! i sent you a quick email. would love to connect. love your passion for getting younger generations involved!
fyi, i'm very interested in relocating to europe this summer, so if anyone has any leads on visa opps for an asshole american, let me know.
if you have an irish grandparent you can claim citizenship.
more spoiled brats: garfield high school team refuses to stand for national anthem...
public schools have become recruitment centers for anti-american islamic jihadis. parents should not allow their kids to go there
cell phone fan what the fuck
keeping that face paint on
not sure how far they'll get with that many big pieces missing and a streeeeaky offense
just get in. crapshoot from there.
ole miss has to do anything possible to win bama has better talent
plus injuries to some of their best players. it's working, however.
no he's a space cop, not miner.
space miner. cop. tomato. tomato. but boobs.
our strategy is not and has not worked to beat poverty so of course we should come up with a new one
us importingpoverty instead of spreadingself sufficiency.example ismexico for 200 yrs,still a 3world nationdiggintunnels in to us
3/3:, your readers do &amp; should care about issues impacting women &amp; children. keep the focus where it belongs-advocating change.
the problem is, we are in 2016 where lgbt gay fathers take care of their children,
the houston game should be interesting
agree. ed oliver licking his chops.
if her position were that only the government should have guns (it's not), why would she take secret service guns?
that level of logical thinking is beyond
in five days. he will fully recover but i would love prayers just in case
here is the after picture, didn't think to take a before
miss you too!
these parties just aren't fun now without ya!
the houston game should be interesting
but for divisional purposes, that doesn't help us
it is disturbing that criticism of a particular government of a state get turned into targeting the ethnic group of said state.
it's even hard to say it's the same ethnic group to some degree. virtually no us jews have modern israeli ancestors.
. how's the view from the suite?
it's lovely group here
if you have an irish grandparent you can claim citizenship.
other countries might also have that. i'm pretty sure greece has a similar deal.
if only they'd let me merge them
i had the same issue with my new phone. it kept wanting me to enter password at every turn. so frustrating.
happy birthday ! i hope you have a good day
thank you!
whoa: black lives matter leader gets mugged; immediately demands...
oh wait don't he hates cops?????
so you're saying that you're rubber and i'm glue? it's a compelling rebuttal.
speaking of compelling rebuttals. that's a great one.
women like men who smile like this.
sigh. i rarely smile. does that mean you don't like me?
i feel like we've really been ignoring what a trump presidency would mean for women.
i don't think trump is honestly anti-abortion. but, because he's a man, he can say whatever he needs to, with no personal risk.
ok. i have the full mac app that i purchased. is this feature not available on the paid version?
flinto for mac is completely native, so the files are just on your computer, but you can still share them via dropbox
i can't breathe.
i am at walgreens for a text box.
another winner show!
thanks for coming by!
you felt the need to write that because...?
cause i'm tired of listening to the foxies swoon all over the
she says she miss the old mari girl don't tempt meeeeee
this is back when i was nick named marijuano lol
what switch hitter is only player to hit homers from both sides of the plate in two playoff games?
bernie williams
arrested? on what charge, i wonder...
no good reason surely.
it's pretty outside but ugly in here, so while i go sit in the sun please tell me about the best thing you've read/listened to/seen lately.
i've been on a monster audiobook jag for weeks now. standout non-fiction faves: 'the elephant whisperer' and 'h is for hawk.'
curious what is happening with pokmon go. is it over?
it's not over. it's pokmon gone.
i think calvin harris is still a little hung up on t. swift.
he literally tried to say it was about working at a grocery store growing up
real niggas art book fair
pls do this
3/3:, your readers do &amp; should care about issues impacting women &amp; children. keep the focus where it belongs-advocating change.
secondly, your plan calls for half the paid leave time of hillarys12week plan and your plan doesnot include pre k
at least we have a great story about how we had the worst time in marseille
all ur travel stories seem to revolve around how ur bad at it
my undergrad's college library had a swastika graffiti incident recently which is very out of character for campus.
anti-semitism isn't the surpassing part for me, it's the blas attitude of progressive groups toward it.
pet sematary is the scariest book i ever read.
i agree 100% it's definitely one of my favorites from my favorite horror author!
tryna work out but my elbows abt to fall off
lmaooo i was feelin the same way
you just sent me ~13 years back in time haha
i was just chatting with some old ro buddies today and it hit me right in the nostalgia, lmao. i need another classic like that.
bravo to for calling out for printing an ad denying the armenian genocide! bravo to all who refuse to forget!
look at u 2 getting along both of my favs
and what's this? is hillary stealing from poor donors like she did from poor haitians?
clintons cheating again w no repurcusions. wells fargo (not hrc) refunds hrc poorest donors
joining "compliance", and "adherence" on the list of poor descriptors for how we interact in healthcare.
how about the word 'patient' in general?
did someone say "it's lit" at the end of the video orrrrr
the fuckboy community breathed a collective sigh of relief
are you just setting up services with us? ^rmd
over 2 years... just a new router.
xb1/ps4 7pm et free entry $15 prize 3v3 snd 1nd join link!
need 2 use skype and don't have an ego
3/3:, your readers do &amp; should care about issues impacting women &amp; children. keep the focus where it belongs-advocating change.
simply put, your plan fails families, not helps. period and that is the honest discussion you wanted.
love this from randirobics. pls share if you like it too.
**ty** dear friend 4 supporting my kids mission w your purple twitter galaxy:-)
jut becaue we are alive now, this time period is not totally unique..the wants to grow their fortunes at any cost to others.
the 800 or so u.s. i categorize as - about 1 tenth of our total population...they have been gaining while 80%
st closure tomorrow, sunday 9/18 for the emmy's. see map for details.
i do not miss these aspects of la.
i wonder if devs cringe while watching mr robot the same way i assume cops/fbi agents do while watching any overdramatized crime show.
the tech in mr. robot is actually pretty solid compared to most other shows and movies.
jerk chicken wit extra sauce
i'm starving
you could probably just schedule a tweet twice a week and never be wrong
or every day
an amazing scene and still one of the best westerns ever made. haven't seen it for about 10 years. need to rectify that soon.
always worth revisiting
i don't think trump is honestly anti-abortion. but, because he's a man, he can say whatever he needs to, with no personal risk.
he can say he's against abortion because it doesn't matter to him. but it should matter to the millennials who call themselves progressives.
no it was great... butt pirates....so fantastic. it was great. great job sir (takes a bow to mr fantastic)
thanks man. really appreciate that. nowhere near as clever as "chickens" but i'm new at this, so i appreciate the
bet you were so excited. my first time was august last year at hevyfest, it was fab!
almost exploded with glee and i was even more awkward than i normally am haha. they obviously killed it too!
/e-ville w/a great selection of ur fave flaves! stop by while the selection is good! here till 6p.
gerry licking her lips anticipating your "chocolate explosion"
um where is everyone
...well that's odd
joe's the one who loves pedophilia, like u, trump is a supposed pedophile.
your attacks without facts do not speak well of you! you have a problem... and johnson? block
folks, watch this. kind of freaky. don't know who made this or what it means.
the same thing happened 3 weeks ago.hillary green screen fake crowd...youtube.
a fat cock...womble
"young luke has acquired a portly cockwomble."
my mom just asked me if i wanna go to a bbq in south ozone, but i think i rather throw myself into a pit of fire
ok update my sister scooped me and we going only bc she said we can go for dinner later, also beer.
in case you guys missed out on this week's video, friday's completionist was on la noire ! crushed it!
it also features my voice as one of the "man on the streets saying various one liners"
pet sematary is the scariest book i ever read.
pet sematary trailer (1989) via
comparing scene background music to theme songs misses the pt: the lack of theme songs in marvel movies.
even 's response doesn't directly address this. same technology era for harry potter &amp; others.
stealing - charging supporters credit cards several times - always under $100.00 - which flags attention!
typical clinton scam! vote trump!
red sox completely different team when craig kimbrel is on his game.
except for the first 8 innings :)
not with the curse still on!
when the last lad dies what will their excuse be?
playing him every day to start the year was the obvious move
he started almost every day through mid-june.
i appreciate both. love the composition eugene
who doesn't glad to know someone who's on the same page haha
fair enough, bless your soul girl, you've been riding this struggle bus all day
gonna be riding it til tomorrow. i did it to myself. i better not see mark knight for a year or i'm gonna yell at him
"aww is this your dog" no that's my uber driver wtf u mean is this my dog does he not have fur did he not just bark
lmaoo some people be askin the dumbest questions
bruh who tf is that handsome devil?
this was back in '09 i had banging mushroom hair lol
i don't understand how there is nothing can do to help.
cut the cord!
...to check every file due to way icloud works.
so it says it's uploading but really just checking?
yup, as a filipino american i know that the filipino farm laborers were the first to strike,cesar chavez joined after.
nothing changes with media. always the stars get credit. chavez name was click bait.
was ok. some good stuff, but too many jump scares and too much "hey, remember that first blair witch movie?"
i remember the second movie...
no it doesn't. with them in the atlantic it's going to be tough for us to make the accc game. even with us winning out.
and clemson won't have renfrow in that game.
well assuming matz comes back you'd only use one or the other as a starter
yeah true, i'd say lugo over gsellman for now, unless lugo implodes over the coming weeks
i appreciate both. love the composition eugene
would have loved to collab with you if i was in the island still
you're about to be in the sandbox showering in shit water and eating dry turds for food
i'm gonna be on ship bro
he can say he's against abortion because it doesn't matter to him. but it should matter to the millennials who call themselves progressives.
they think they have nothing at risk? how will they feel when trump stacks the court and tries to overturn roe? does that not matter?
3 long years now!!
it is just building up suspense for a really good win. *hugs*
the 'dogs have arrived at the glass bowl for our noon game at toledo on &amp; !
what channel???
vocabulary i got from this hideous new video: -fat acceptance -fatphobia (it's actually called lipophobia) -fatkini -fofo -fat activism
i feel a bit dirtier now because of you :'(
final: red sox 6, 5.
rip in peace
tonight's gonna be the best!
that's so me omg
if you delete, it's ok. "the internet remembers." cc:
thats really not that bad...
i told yall bella and tyler were dating
i'm here for it
he got the vocals
i knowi kept laughing when i heard him let's send him to the voice
i'm in a no-limit holdem cash poker game. instead of using cash we're using the shrunken heads of former economists
this is a little embarrassing, but i think the one on the right is lagarde, so, technically, they are not all "former."
...to check every file due to way icloud works.
big q: does it have to upload in order to check?
i hope you were at the very least prospering last night
oh hell yeah. always
are you going to meet
:( :( ;( :( i got stuck in traffic &amp; got there a hour too late :'(
today's highlight horse is the j y in the upcoming 7th race.
congratulations.
i was on your block, but my phone was tweaking.
oh damn , i think it's sprint because i wasn't getting stuff for a second
sign up for the student discount
how you do it and how much is the discount
great presentation, thank you! i've just started headspace for meditation. i'm inspired!
thank you i love soooo much!
of course
thanks for the follow eden :)
. has new single with eddy kenzo and we love it!
new tune life
yer the coolest, baby!!! (and yer my 1st tweet!)
tweet at me anytime!
um, by "powering through" they mean completely ignoring red flags and being too stubborn to get medical help.
: she is not just stuborn, she is just a plain imbecile, like the libtards in the media.
who's trying to come over to watch this wnba game later?
sounds like a fun time
but who's blood!?!?
that's negotiable. ideally ole miss.
we had sense not to let cars run on them
the thing is these are 200-900ft hills that we can't avoid and have roads on them.
i knew it first , congrats sis!
sure did lol , thanks bro !
they barely showed the diner. the diner was packed with people for the commercial
where is the diner? it got me hungry.
yup. unless file has changed. you shouldn't see the progress bar going on most of those
ah okay great. that's wonderful.
in case you guys missed out on this week's video, friday's completionist was on la noire ! crushed it!
the game does, that is. the way i worded it made it sound like i was in the episode or somethibgb
did you like upstream color? saw it twice and not sure i got it.
it was aesthetically pleasing, but too experimental for my blood. i'd watch it again tho
that's an insult to preteen boys.
lol! now i'm out of analogies...
watch that kickback, it can take a finger, hand, or nice piece of leg really fast.
yes i'm being very careful. i read the manual (actually read it). kickback scares me
saturday's with bae
so this is who you've been cheating on me with? i see how it is
my little sister just sent me a video of my dad tailgating at the ucf game
and my step mom
they think they have nothing at risk? how will they feel when trump stacks the court and tries to overturn roe? does that not matter?
it really says a lot about the men who call themselves progressives, but would risk a trump presidency out of spite. we. see. you.
i don't get it..who is that and what was he getting arrested for?
go on his instagram. he goes around doing vids of him messing around with people wearing brand called supreme.
no but needs to pull from icloud if not present on device
hmm okay which means downloading from icloud to device? which also isn't ideal...
oh the fucking hair hat giveaway is tonight isn't it! my god!
yeah, on our way now.
i'd still say middle-of-the-pack acc team is better than a middle-of-the-pack aac team.
which would be totally relevant to your big "how is it 17-0" mystery if the gamecocks were in the aac.
noah's bone spur was portrayed as not requiring surgery. but harvey, degrom, matz, wheeler (still) all will be.
and then you got bartolo 43 years old and overweight, out pitching them all, pitchers these days are pathetic
the name b!!
i love how that song speaks for me lol
fun cover shoot in tomorrow's
awww what a cute cover, looking amazing!!
yeahhh famm!
thanks sis ! you know it
they already produce some nice sleep-inducing keynotes, what more can we ask?
another free u2 album?
. i was being sarcastic.
yea i.. forget it
can i hire you to decorate my room
omg i don't want to ever decorate another room for as long as i shall live (i.e. next year)
for &lt;title&gt;, i recommend react-helmet. not literally rendering &lt;html&gt; in react, that won't work.
react... helmet? lol i feel like you can just add any noun to react-* ave it's a library
it's my theory .i don't think undecideds are holding out for a fascist.i think they are reluctantly waiting to stop one
hope they realize trump's a sociopath b4 they go into the voting booth &amp; vote 4hrc!
even 's response doesn't directly address this. same technology era for harry potter &amp; others.
hypothesis: marvel directors intentionally use soundscape *instead* of melodic theme songs.
wake up to what? there are 1 billion muslims in this world the biggest religion if they wanted to kill u, you would be dead.
their commitment to overthrowing the west is 24/7 today the nfl is in turmoil because of islam. kaepernick is a new muslim
bill maher reads a list of provable lies to trump campaign manager (video)
love that he made made it personal and made consider principles personal to her.
there's a hot guys account for here? where are all the hottest guys at chowchilla hiding? where are they
i got mine, but idk about the rest
seven samurai magnificent 7 battle beyond the stars a bugs life the a-team lotr the two towers paw patrol
awesome hashtag! going to have to think about this one.
is it just me or does it seem every abc broadcast, they choose a doog as color?
just saw a tweet ofhuard's face painted red in booth today. he'd love nothing more than a nebraska win.
react... helmet? lol i feel like you can just add any noun to react-* ave it's a library
and it's a library. typo. sigh
these tops snd players are elite at that gametype. better than 90% of pros. it's just a different category of the game.
what you meant to say. snd= 1 swimming event. variant= medley
its always 7 hours away wyd i have h i s p a n i c parents if you forgot
the bay isn't 7 hours away wtf
hearing describe how netflix uses druid in production at
more info on druid at
i've gone to blue turtle everyday since sunday for a cotton candy shave ice.. i'm addicted.
update: i got another one
got to have a shoutout to clint eastwood's directed pale rider, unforgiven, high plains drifter, the outlaw josey wales
i love all of the above
i really must know, what attracts online atheists to papyrus font so much? all of the macros they've sent @ me have been written in papyrus
this is amazing.
mets should make a trade to get a starting pitcher to help get them in the playoffs even though that pitcher would be ineligible for them.
makes no sense. they've done fine without degrom and have a cupcake schedule while cardinals have a brutal one.
reporter arrested at trump campaign event
well not surprising is using putins methods. whats next kill reporters?
yikeeess.....about that
after i sent you all those videos smh
sometimes i look at startup or investor websites and ask myself "is this copy real, or is this created by the staff of hbo silicon valley?"
there isn't much of a difference
hypothesis: marvel directors intentionally use soundscape *instead* of melodic theme songs.
maybe bc marvel movies take place in our world rather than transporting us to a different one
she keeps "power through" it, she will be on a slab before long doesn't sound like anyone cares about her health
: her handlers don't care at all. they'll put her on ice &amp; put her obviously phony double in bdr place
supergirl join me because im binging through and i love it
after i finish the 3rd season of veep
i don't think theory of low voter turnout will hold
is not a friend of hillary's or the dems!
yeah i've wondered that myself. i prefer to think it's just old cars. rather than jim crow and jpn internment camps
but it's easy for me to cherry pick what i like, since almost everyone is white in btas. (lucius fox notable except)
it's also going to more than double it's budget lol
that's what i was saying. 5 million dollar budget. pulled in 4.4 opening night. what's the problem?
any time! keep up the fantastic snack talk on twitter!
ok, thanks for the tip. here's some snack talk for you: extra flamin hot cheetos over fritos.
finally my twitter page got working again...i could read tweets but couldn't respond..."internal server error" was the reply
i had the same issue and then it got cleared
where you guys based, do you take on customisation jobs?
we're all over (see attached). please jump on live chat to check if we can help with your specific job
haha i'm actually in florida now! saving some money to head up to new york! so if i do get there i'll for sure hit you up!
oh deadass? haha aii when you come up here lmk and i gotchu!!!
iphone 7 jet black loving the new home button.
it is perfect for me!
when you're near kids and try to refrain yourself from cussing
what if it's the kid cursing?
landed at lax and ran right into dear homies and on their way to vancouver. there is magic in this world.
spread it around i could use some.
it'll get interesting if he feels he has to go after tyrod/shortcomings. roman is 44, has a good resume, and a career to now reboot.
as a 9er fan who has watched a ton of roman....he thinks too far out of the box
ahh shit, that looks fun but we're out of town. enjoy berlin :)
please let us know next time you come to berlin!!
so above the fray, like we all should be. great example for girls &amp; boys to follow.
the penultimate ideal that we should aspire to be.
but i often wonder do they receive the tip i left on the card.
that's what i wonder, but then again they see the order sheet so they'd know if the person left a tip. right?
what happened to mikel horton?
no one knows how to pronounce his name so to avoid any awkwardness they just never ask him to go in the games.
wake up to what? there are 1 billion muslims in this world the biggest religion if they wanted to kill u, you would be dead.
kaepernick doesn't give a damn about blacks he's part of the western takeover by islam. americans don't get it, or denial
tomorrow on , chris wallace will talk to . tune in at 2p &amp; 10p et on !
so creepy looking!
everybody has a plug for something, i got one for mexican clothing &amp; huaraches lmao
the most important of all plugs
my wife and i have been big supporters of hublot for years. does this watch look familiar?
not even a repost, where the love ?!
love fords garage. where did you buy?
lehigh acres
wednesday night!
papa bless, that's what i'm trying to do
no east carolina is in the aac. south carolina is in the sec. and a lower-end sec team at that. thanks for coming out.
i can see logic is not your strong suit.
and by "rest" i mean read fic, obvs. get on my level.
i'm resting with a glass of chardonnay in my bathtub
congrats to our ocala "oj" jim winning at laurel today in race 7 with aboard for
congratulations
i left him alone for less than five minutes! neil is more troublesome than a child sometimes jeez!
it might be time for that electric collar. thankfully he's an adult so it's not illegal. (immoral, eh)
'just a few more steps control your breathing, head erect keep looking straight ahead'
: and crash back into the sewer you crawled out of, hilarity.
watch mess up donald trump's lace front wig hair on
trump is a weirdo. someone should tell him he looks like a little old lady from the canasta club
fsu has a real issue with physicality at the cb spots.
soft as shit.
what are you having for lunch? tell all!
an egg sandwich and a piece of fish from fish and chips :)
i took a selfie for and . here's my naked selfie! wait a minute.
omg you are so cute i can't love you ellen always amazing human you are
i just noticed you got mad followers bro lmao
am out here for real!
it's more concerning that it's not just him, this is a common argument amongst the nra set.
great minds think alike. oh, wait...
the accelerating future of self-driving cars
uber taking personal transportation from car-centric 2 ride-centric. jay l hates it but, hey, disruptive is the operative word here
as good as michigan looked the first two games, that's as bad as they look right now. bad on offense. bad on defense. incredible.
blame me not the team. i turned the game off and they immediately started performing. i'm afraid to turn it back on now.
update: we just heard a cub and saw momma
what?!? i'm so jealous
imo if we win out we could still make the orange bowl, if ul is the acc champ.
the ranked teams have to stay ranked, but we can still make playoff, yes.
that their policy goals regarding the state mean they ignore their usual approach to full inclusion?
yes, and more show i think it shows the ugly underbelly of tactics masquerading as ideology. the purported ideology collapses.
earlier: kamal, sound...
brand new tune
sports: mets pitcher jacob degrom out for rest of season due to elbow injury
that train's never late rt : mets p jacob degrom out for rest of season due to elbow injury
she talmbout "" and ain't ask if you ate today
shit be the worst. and don't tell her you just wanna actually watch netflix and chill smh
i've heard only cool people can grow facial hair
you look like moses go shave
imo if we win out we could still make the orange bowl, if ul is the acc champ.
but after today if we get left out for whatever reason i won't complain
how did i miss you ??
lol! hubby was there with the older boys!
there's a link on my website under "more" warning: i recorded most of them on my cell phone
i love it when you make me work for it. also, i love how many different things you do. you're pretty rad.
unless u in la u can't help me
thats why i deleted the tweet lol
lot coming out of about data and bots and new blingy titles but there will never be a replacement for this.
those who believe we're all bad things they are told - are the ones who often least understand how little stands between them and tyranny.
sure, quick's a decent but not great starter. but people act like he's pavelec.
it's just an overreaction to "quick is the best goalie in the nhl"
nope mango passion fruit or pineapple try it
that shit will ruin my love for mangos so nah (slam effect)
by trying to delegitimize president obama, trump delegitimizes his own candidacy:
. aka pnderer-in-chiefdoesn't care about your voicejust your vote
trump's 48 hours - mocks pastor - son makes gas chamber joke - strands his press corps - birtherism hotel promo - hints at hrc assassination
. d'ya notice how quiet-except for trump's twitter-his camp has been today? maybe shellshocked by their own guy
it's crazy! how was dc?
a lot of beautiful monuments, got into a frat party, saw someone important come out of the white house, poss barack. so, v good
homemade sriracha game strong, homies.
basically, just a wonderful meal and beautiful hospitality (as always). thank you, chefs!!!
calls to hold an immediate session to discuss the raid on positions in .
syria for syrians. us out of the middle east now. it appears the us is again provocateurs in this race 2 the bottom.
why did i think it would b a good idea to drink all crazy right before a drive to la.
are you going to disneyland ?
mark my words if vontaze burfict cheap shots anyone on the steelers offense i'm going to fucking flip.
u r such a fan you dont realize he's not even playing?
aww. you think i'm in my 20s? adorbs!
usually people with undue self importance who use openers like "dear america" are in their 20s. patreon for begging fits too
my newly-conceived reality show about ambassadors
i'm already recording it on my dvr
dawg kelly is horrible.ppl say it's sour grapes. that offense is not that hard to stop. especially with the talent u have
high school offense. never has stopped it since he's been at fsu. i can take losing, but not total lack of preparedness.
any feast today for to celebrate or he likes to take the weekend break from being slimy?
thought i was the only human who thought the young pm politically
i'd guess it feels similarly to when i've gone to lutheran church with actual germans. overlap, but several generations removed?
it's closer than that for some but equally distant for others. imagine being mad at italian americans in mass about puritanism
favorite building in nyc.
are you back in the city?
not the boobs, but i'm sure approves.
is that your cat?
uh ya i've been the exception for years now
you must be special eh
your life is complete!!!!
no like seriously, i can die happy now
well at least we tried
missed the playoffs?
it's only one run. plenty of time to make it up.
ok, good point.
i love that this trump supporter bypassed my ethnicity &amp; religion and went for the "international crouton" bit.
facts don't matter to the "deplorables", insults are the limit of their intellect.
well, maybe the burned ones.
but sometimes the burned ones are the best ones!
if you could read the text without the effect, then what's the point?
the point? hmmm sending actual messages to people?
good weekend all
awesome gif hi all
corniness is more than acceptable in the world, . thx for sharing this shot of our jar pie!
, thank you for the simply scrumptious apple pie!
i'd guess it feels similarly to when i've gone to lutheran church with actual germans. overlap, but several generations removed?
being white if european descent in the us doesn't mean italian immigrant from 1905 are now just like puritans.
there's no ovals :///
don't freak out!
sounds great - see you there!
dm me? would love to meet up at the next break
if it ain't $100+ million people write it off these days
snowden had a budget of 40 million. failure failure failure
helped make these countdown clocks happen in astoria through participatory budgeting. democracy.
i'm glad the map is part of it too-dot previously wasn't interested in doing standalone wayfinders.
i get in about 3? can you do an early dinner? when do you leave?
7 am ... i'll see if i can push it back a day tho within the 24 hr window, if you don't mind last minute confirmation :)
earlier: kamal, sound...
brand new tune
even i didn't realize that i was in this game! xd
it's okay, we're supposed to be doing this under the fey queen's radar anyway. :p
it's even funnier when 50-somethings are still holding on to what they were taught in 3rd grade as gospel
even more hilarious when a random tries to dogpile for follower brownie points. fuck outta here.
what wool fest are you at today. i just bought my first raw fleece.
what are your plans for it? spin it raw?
i am going to! what do you guys do?
fast reliable internet from . no cable nonsense. digital antenna and streaming covers everything else
had to make a preset for lightroom to limit export filesize to 8mb cause everything i export is 8.8-35mb
bane of my photographic existence
...do i not get any credit for this? even a little?
very stupidgates w/ dead mosquito brain mustbe committedto an insane asylum immediately
he scared of us for sure
only gary sanchez, we good besides that
it begins! 2016
enjoy and learn lots!
so much this regarding so-called twitter progressives and harassment.
yup. who will sea-lion the sea-lioners?
the metzen statue looks similar to this statue of walt disney and mickey at disneyland.
is he holding hands with thrall?
dead ass i am lol i can only eat it if i drink atleast 8 ounces of water. so i only eat it when i have to. i wouldn't lie lol
wow! that's tough. lol
they've had a remedial passing game cause the qb isn't good. not exactly reinventing the wheel
he is rather creative in formations and using the backup qb in spots.
boned by , i'm cramming my fat ass into a seat on so i can talk to 1000 in at 8:30!
time for private
far from the best batman film, but one of the best - if not the best batman soundtracks.
yes! say what you will about the schumacher movies, but those soundtracks are timeless.
1 phrase; 'power through' written on hundreds of letters sent to all democrat propaganda arms in media to hide truth from us!
: these slobs can't fool a flea on a dog. as a matter of fact, that best describes them.
see colin kaepernick's hair through the years
fuck you people and this asshole
airlines (including all star alliance) appear to be completely drunk with respect to us/europe airfares in october. is it just me?
nope. you're right.
2016 - atop the brooklyn climbing wall. everest by 2019?
totally fit ! ! !
so mad at you ...
when's mine!? hmm!?
fuck yes ofcourse
i'll probs be there early to get drunk before oliver huntemann comes on upstairs
sara, i watched snowden las night and couldn't stop thinking how much you two look alike.
hahah i get this a lot how was the movie??
a family for the white house!!
when u about 2 take a bite of food that might have poison in it &amp; the whole room is watching u.
scv is such a lame place there's nothing to do and it's filled with fake ass snakes
this is so fucking true
better not f my parlay.........
or my tease
imagine a life without democrats &amp; republicans
there is a dem in that photo.
someone just asked me and i have no idea who i should like so help
yeah. who the hell went with the jets?
thanks to the islamic center of long island for inviting me to celebrate the opening of your new building.
thank you tom dinapoli dr isma habib chaudhry
3rd party vote to me seems more like a "i want to feel good" vote instead of logical.
kind of like getting drunk and lots of regrets the next day.
there's a 20 degree difference from my house (venice) and the valley
will modern renaissance be restocked one last time before marios palette launches? please restock!
at least i wouldn't vote for a communist lying scumbag.
commie? hear that ? and here all this time we thought she was beholden to wall street!!
thanks to everyone who made this our best annual meeting to date. amazing team of folks who made this possible!
thank you for great work all year long &amp; fantastic conference. especially the dancing!
only takes dubs
chris only takes l's from dylan on fifa
fab weekend
ty samantha!
trump's blue collar base wants more jobs and an america like the past:
don't blame other countries that have people that will work for less &amp; harder. competition is global.
this makes me wonder whether clarence might be an important new voice in literature.
he only sleeps on quality drafts
lmfaoooo dam bassment is gonna be the spot for the night tho tellin you
im a techno thot remember
is miami definite? seems the don thinks it might not happen with this quote. five more teams?
i think at the point mls is keeping the miami card in their back pocket to play later down the line.
it'd be nice if would add a resizer for when you upload pictures that are too big. maybe as an optional thing.
or let me link my google drive/photos account to upload there instead ( but gphotos links don't even embed atm )
oh damn , i think it's sprint because i wasn't getting stuff for a second
i'm getting ya messages but they're not letting me send. but yeah tomorrow night i leave and one more thing
wtf do they do to the pitchers on this team??? how does this keep happening?
this is the life we chose
long island sucks
i feel this on a spiritual level for more than one reason lmaoo
thanks my dude! i'll have to stop by the factory the next time i'm home!!
definitely
this is my third week of doing legs fours times a week. after this i max out squat tuesday.
get u a man with legs
so wales was left off?
"as wales was a principality at the time the flag was created, not a kingdom, it is not represented in the design." -2nd sentence
thank you :)
the difference between and i.
i'll pay full price as always. stop scorning &amp; try it yourself...best pub/restaurant in sussex.
you better start a campaign save the pub or this glorious uk tradition will succumb
no review or anything, just post the spec &amp; let folks comment
forgot that you had a blog dude, yeah, that would be cool.
: buys young barack obama movie 'barry'
we can do much better than this lying piece of shit
so is it possible to have on the show playing one of my fav characters jean-ralphio?!
yas! why? jean ralphio could be llana's cousin!
what salon does she work at? and is your hair thick, thin or like in the middlev
she doesn't work at a salon atm but my hair kind of like in between lol
can't wait to see u sexy boys
can't believe i'm missing this.
for the win "tom brady looked right at home as michigan's captain"
they could use him out there right now ;)
honored to be interviewed for this special tonight. encouraged by the research &amp; breakthroughs since my diagnosis.
you impact so many rockin robin.
i'm just trying to prepare you.
she's bullying me.
my phone ships from in november. any way to optimize this or am i the only one who didn't stay up all night?
our it guy emailed the business rep at stonestown yesterday and paid for one. i walked in to pick it up.
washington claims it warned the russians. someone is lying:
the hawks going 2 do what hawks do, kill children and other innocents for some bogus reason! !
omg!! and i were looking for one w/o peter dinklage on it!
i'm sure they have one!! i want this one
nothing! they're good. i just love the smartwool socks. we'll go look
k! you should see my coat!
no you don't. you think hillary sucks.
can't name a single thing she has done for ny..you?
she's leaving out what happened next.
funny when she was lbs heavier she covered up her body, now shes exploiting it
and when i say my finisher i don't mean new for 17 i've already had it never hit it
no one is judging you calm down lol no need to explain everything you do
twitter massive, have you ever successfully created an oauth login that guards a static site hosted on amazon s3? sincerely, ben
you can use signed cookies with cloudfront
invisible entry badge
. perfect for a bizcard :-d
fuse odg,killbeatz - thinking about u (feat. killbeatz): on -
brand new tune
if you respect julian assange and the work that he does, please retweet to show your support.
while i am very happy about assange exposing , he does bad things too.
last cicada of the season? steps outside my apartment.
wow, i didn't even know what cicadas looked like 'till now.
final: stepinac 42, iona prep 34. unbelievable classic. watch the replay now:
unbelievable. glad i tuned in.
omg!! and i were looking for one w/o peter dinklage on it!
hi shannon!!
and btw, tyler is gay so i don't think that this thing with bella thorne is real. they do it for fame. wake up.
and they hv been together for weeks now....people are only now realizing....
better chance than being given credit 4. dubs due an ambush, don't seem as hungry as last yr, average kerry tm nearly did them
the entire country is hoping they do it at least, already had a taste of it with the hurling!
value-engineered *to death*. -epic fail. one of the most disappointing new buildings in nyc.
i don't know about any of those considerations, but to me it's a really cool looking building.
the ulnar thing sounds like what bobby ojeda had in 1987. out in may, back by september.
fine the next year until he almost chopped his finger off.
i do this when hung over and it's great
yeah, i do this when i have terrible allergies.
packed lunch at
is it also made from people?
hope it's going well for you. 1100 words so far today. turns out, i kinda get my groove when dipping into ultraviolence.
600 so far. this stupid story is getting a little bit less stupider.
gonna go ahead and copyright a few things before the harambe fandom gets their grubby hands on them
copyright petey too
other than reset the level of expectations?! lol! yo dm me if you wanna catch up and maybe start collaborating.
who is this? can't tell by the handle... sorry, i lose track a lot w/ peeps on twitter...
cry with me
ily steven
the second tweet was necessary to subtly advance the sophisticated point made in the first.
1st and only time i'll ever agree with trump: mo dowd is horrible.
awwww poor things in that tiny cage
just it's home away from home for display. they have bigger real houses. white one is a house bunny
have you designed the vip cards already mate just curious? cant wait to see them
the design is set. waiting to hear back from pl
fuse odg,killbeatz - thinking about u (feat. killbeatz): on -
brand new tune
saturday is day, with cerro coso hosting grossmont in a matinee. second home game of the year for lady coyotes
whoops, visiting team is columbia. don't know why i was thinking grossmont.
that happened on my son's account, too. i don't know why that's happening. if you find out, please let us know.
will do. was your son's ever fixed? twitter support seems slow to respond.
no sorry. system could not compute. v2 coming soon...
ok. stand down riverside militia! the rooster is not in the henhouse!
i learned that hair is getting longer if u don't do anything about it
let it grow.. be a hair trendsetter and bring back the mullet! lol
congratulations to the varsity football team on the 42-34 win over rival iona prep!
great team effort, lots of new guys on the field, trill smoked em
oh stop it
what's the secret? anabolic chicken ?
no, even the have more brains than that! even the waking up 2 her lies
ur voting for a rapist who lies 15 times a day. you are sad
u encounter any of this down there?
tapioca &amp; eggs one of my fav things down there.
bbyyeeeee
lmaoooo can u hurry so we can turn the library up???????? these asians not lit
yeah like i said it's very good but the tv show of the generation is probably pushing it. it tries very hard to be that.
i said of the mid-'10s, ala '15-17. obv idk how se2 ends &amp; or if/what se3+ will bring, so far tho there's little to match it.
hit me with some "would you rather...?" questions for a video!
would you rather have silent farts that smell terrible or su r loud farts with no smell at all
grateful to &amp; for coming to 's side&amp;demanding trump stop invoking threats on her life.
here's 's story abt ' defenses of
this is an awful comparison and i wish i could make it disappear from my timeline
that 12 core cpu is deliberately cherry picked because the cores have an intentionally lowered clock due to thermal issues.
level of pm to talk about ssp of malir cant,
they played a big game, here watch the link
lmao who the fuck are you and i was talking in general faggot
how is he going to cheap shot someone when he's suspended u fucking inbred?
thank you for reaching out for me! it is my pleasure :-) do you have an etwinning profile?
i am unfamiliar with etwinning... please share!
the design is set. waiting to hear back from pl
(oh, and it wasn't me who designed 'em, it was . they're niiiice!)
if trump becomes the new president after obama, one can say orange is the new black rofl
holy shit :)))))))))
i suffer when im away from longer than a day
my soul mate
i really enjoyed it. without getting into spoilers, i'm glad they explored the temporal/spatial stuff more. very intriguing.
yeah. i actually wish they would have taken that further but i think that may have turned off the average horror viewer.
what is this "sushi burrito" thing?! this is the second reference to this i've seen recently
burrito sized, wrapped in rice and seaweed, japanese/mexican fusion flavors. ginger guac is
i don't like fox-broacasted games, either, but why would you even watch a yankees game? 'doesn't matter...
i like the red sox so was watching...
those are some nice... headphones you have there. would be a shame if you... couldn't use them anymore.
i'm so worried for how my life is going to be moving forward.
is in the house! author just named on ny times bestseller list!
such a great school'
as an experienced go dev i am now comfortable with this but as a beginner i remember the afternoon lost to this:
dat afternoon tho
click here for the information you need to use the app via family sharing:
that is exactly what i did. it is asking me to log in as the organizer to use the app.
lmfaoo when i was jesus for halloween
lmao i met u that night
why yall think a lowkey love life is better ??? this is a serious question i want to heard yall point of view .
easier to cheat prob
i said of the mid-'10s, ala '15-17. obv idk how se2 ends &amp; or if/what se3+ will bring, so far tho there's little to match it.
imho of course
cc: every journalism school, it's time to update your syllabuses
. what in the world is an "enhanced reporter?"
this is ridiculous . release alex now.
he is maureen dowd's former assistant i believe. coincidence?
. why are most running shoes so goddamned ugly? has anyone ever studied this?
gait requires ergonomics that aren't pretty
have to punt here. another usf touchdown before break would be a killer.
agree. need a good punt and good d. usf gets ball in 2nd
lower manhattan walking tour hosted by begins now! visit spots rufus king saw as senator
stunning american history!
but there was some good jump scares and the last 20 minutes were really good. i liked it enough.
worth the admission?
watching michigan game while at a wedding.... acceptable right?!?
totally acceptable.
sometimes you need to lose the small battles in order to win the war...
keep your head up buddy! you guys still rock!
which one are you? the one with the camo cap or santa hat?
- i'd like to be the one in camo cap but life got me as the guy in santa hat.
i really hope we can all band together soon + push the *enough is enough* message
i showed proof of a green screen to an extremely intelligent person i respect orderly. the first sentence she utterd
pick my next giveaway from this picture &amp; it will be my next tweet
naked illuminated
i never really bought the hedge clipper story.
dan tanna always claimed it was as errant beer bottle. sounds more likely.
original does removed to remove word again why use the word &amp; why wait till the end of song
he pulled it because of the word? and he added the word in the first place in ignorance? i see...
i didn't mean you specifically haha i just know you're a guy who knows folks
i realized two seconds after that tweet and felt stupid. then i hit the bong again and now i want a burger. miss ya bro
actually, there's a republican and a green
maybe but if you think trump = clinton then lmao
shoutout to niggas like you that make tweets talkin shit bout 2k cuz they weak asf
2k gay. be an adult and play some battlefield
one could say that i am ill and/or lit fam
can't you be both?
american citizens repudiate democrats and hillary's race baiting plantation politics
you are no christian sir! i will pray for your lost soul.
yes i'm being very careful. i read the manual (actually read it). kickback scares me
also, no drinking, no smoking, no distractions. it's a lot like brain surgery thstbwsyy.
bout to put this in every airport terminal in every state:
lol nice. i will admit though waiting till spring next year for more berserk is gonna hurt. thank god for manga i suppose.
do all puerto rican men pick fights for no reason or did i choose to date the only one who does?
all you
that 12 core cpu is deliberately cherry picked because the cores have an intentionally lowered clock due to thermal issues.
can you compare this single core bench mark to a cpu that doesn't deliberately sacrifice clock speed for parallelism
what noo you're beautiful
aww thanks
must be disheartening to know that, even if your plans actually manage to somehow work, fb will clone it all anyway.
and they're better at shipping. with higher quality. and fewer engineers per feature.
the should let the bring back these throwback helmets
bledsoe , curtis martin era jerseys was best
our reporter was arrested today outside a trump event - for doing his job
make america great again! ( if you agree with us. if not, you can spend a night in the can.)
the one time i don't check my twitter alerts and i miss out. thanks for the heads up anyway!
the $4 gustin beanie is back today - different color though. same $5 code/link as before if you want one :)
this macos sierra gm installer is giving me fits. goes through first pass, says it's time to restart, comes back up in el capitan. grrr...
did you get the install to complete? i'm stuck at the same place as you :/
can you compare this single core bench mark to a cpu that doesn't deliberately sacrifice clock speed for parallelism
or maybe a cpu made in the last 2 years
pick my next giveaway from this picture &amp; it will be my next tweet
shade and light!!!
that car slowed down a few years ago, they are in name only sad to say.
you haven't liked the last few releases
stopped in in sf and got a complimentary hat cleaning. looks new!
waves hello from... a few blocks away!
in south bend with the second best hoops coach in notre dame history, after ! okay, okay, it's a tie.
yes, but we in nyc loved what he did at fordham university too!
pick my next giveaway from this picture &amp; it will be my next tweet
anything but illuminated please
i think i'm done with the blonde hair
i'm cutting it short as well
how's dat imprisoned in the moon?
never saw play unfortunately...
these cupcakes tho!! thank you you all are the best!
love love love!
fox sports host's disgusting attempt to race bait lil' wayne backfires, as rapper gives touching testimony intead
i can't like this video more
-arab league condemns crimes of iof against palestinians
my imagination or uniformed israeli thug weapon at uterus?
it is a platform where educators connect to implement projects together mainly from europe and tunisia is part of this big project
let me check it out! it sounds exciting!
wondering when and where the chapel services will be tomorrow morning?
catholic mass is at 8:30am and chapel service is at 9:00am. both in the driver's lounge behind the paddock! see you there!
i spent 5-6 hours researching an obscure manga/anime series for a 5-6 minute game boy world video. what even is time management
your dedication is why we respect your work
kelly is a good dude a decent position coach. but he can't handle this job. i hate it for him. but he has to go
yes, in over his head.
i just passed a store with a huge lighted sign saying condom bogo!
i passed a sign that said "huge baby and kid sale." probably the cheap condoms produced the huge kids?
gearing up for with a beach hike &amp; 9/20 &amp; a 2-hour event 9/25
do you have any advice for breaking into entertainment pr?
love this
thanks girl
string at my new 30oz tumbler. what should my first drink in it be??? i'll take suggestions now.
screaming eagle cabernet ..
i have literally never heard of this company but they were worth a billion dollars and now they're dead
i had heard of ning, but that was years ago. a lot of ex-ning employees went to linkedin in the mid '00s
it seems the mets default to downplaying any injury, rather than preparing fans for the worst-case scenario. again, that approach hurts them
i am legitimately curious as to what injuries alderson doesn't think can be played through.
petey is the sole rights holder of his own brand
tell petey to copyright himself
no ciaran mcdonald, no win?
if they all came out with blonde cornrows, they'd win every year!
my aunt studying for her citizenship test : me : who was the first president her : johnny washington close enough
johnny from clutchprep??
"we're going hiking this weekend" yet and leave smh
lol sorrryyy
i'm beyond frustrated at this point. it's unacceptable at this level. you can not put it no other way.
yes, the loss doesn't bother me. it's how out of position they always are. a sieve. that's what gets me.
i'm not getting my heart broke by no lil dicks
yeah that's how i feel about whack box
so much fun last night!
my love i love you
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
wacky donald losing it over not being wuvved by cnn. sad!
only on bergenline smh
i just saw these kids right there... lmao!
why the hell is matt millen on my tv? i thought we all agreed that wasn't ok.
someone needs to draft the lions a new wr...
hey eat a dick
dj when did u become a philly flyers fan
these 9/11 truther pricks are at the actual 9/11 memorial
they always are
you are beautiful yessy! one of a kind!
anahi girly aww and so are youu &amp; thank you
happy birthday jizzle glad i got to spend ya 20th w/ u, y'all are the most extra ppl i know lol
wouldn't wanna be friends with anybody else
and it's just sad when someone thinks twitter is a popularity contest, grow up dude
you scrambled your handle because you couldn't get away with profanity. i don't think you should be telling anyone to grow up.
time for a tease! from ch 11, posting tomorrow! does what happened in russia, stay in russia?
looking forward to it!
i can my roommate chewing through the door. it's so gross y'all.
lol. this sentence makes it sound like he's chewing through a door. not like he's on the other side of the door chewing.
russia owns obama's foreign policy
your candidate wants to lift sanctions on russia and recognize its seizure of crimea, you hack.
wishful thinking.
cannot believe a word this organization says neil walker was going to be back too and is out for season
heading to palm springs for the weekend things might get interesting
anyplace u go, it is always interesting.. take pics naughty girl
looks aren't everything double-fail anyway because of it's dull midsection-nothing like the renderings
i hear ya. let's not even talk about the wtc1 et al snooze fest. (oculus not included)
two pieces from show, 'windows',
yay! thank you for visiting! means so much to me. xoxox!
love 's breakdown of our 2016-2017 schedule. season tix are still available at
thank you joe! ready for mini packs to go on sale!
ny is expensive as hell... you go for a wkd
i go every 4 weeks to visit my bf - he moved here 3 years ago for work. it's not that expensive when you have a place to stay. :)
or maybe a cpu made in the last 2 years
here's the comparison we should be making (hint, iphone 7 is faster)
imma need you to come back so they throw you a birthday party lol
last time they threw a "party" for me was when i was 12 lol
heading to palm springs for the weekend things might get interesting
have a great time!!
what do you mean, "going to be"? add a fitness band or two, and they already are tricorders! star trek: tng tech.
we're living in such an amazing time now. i'm rocking a two-year-old iphone and it's not bad at all. the new model is really insanely great.
friday bar cart presented by team retail. pumpkin spice fireball shots. theme song: by
looks like i need to start working on the 4th floor on fridays!!
and it's just sad when someone thinks twitter is a popularity contest, grow up dude
did you fist pump when the man favorited your tweet? he's not gonna jerk you off and that patreon money isn't split for fans.
lt: will any of those silly "smart lock" gadgets fit over an integrated lock/door handle like this?
not really no
imma need you to come back so they throw you a birthday party lol
i'm straight with just a cake fammo
yep, will end up being what twitter should have shipped. a lot easier to clone twitter than snapchat; no culture required.
which begs an interesting question: who should buy twitter if it's a hot house of features that are interesting, but half done?
you're a faggot veteran and i hope you know the bengals and steelers play twice a year. old idiot
i'm sorry you were spewing your uninformed mouth like a typical steelers fan. sorry you know nothing and i was correcting you
the future of clean energy is nuclear power:
god came up with the concept &amp; humans cannot beat that r&amp;d. stars! fusion. future of clean energy since day one.
dude your school gets so hyphy for games, it's lit
i know, thank you! it's awesome!
a new generation discovers 's karateka (plays great at 4 mhz by the way)
that whole setup makes me so happy
tonight - w/ ! doors: 7p. info &amp; tickets:
off with mad squad tonight to see in nyc
yes i'm being very careful. i read the manual (actually read it). kickback scares me
also, no drinking , no smoking, no distractions . it's like brain surgery that way .
how does go from pitching tommorow to "out for the year"?
thats what all fans want to know
oh: it smells like cooked corn, but not like, popcorn. what could it be???
two white girls not realizing what cooked tortillas smell like
it's not knee jerk either. this is a pattern. we hot flowers next week. he is not a joke either.
usf has given us fits for like 2 1/2 quarters the last two times we played
ref not red
yup it bounced off was not intentional at all
you do still have to inform your opponent of your stage choice before char picking happens
1) winner bans stage(s). 2) losers picks level (using random or brain) 3) winner picks char 4) lsr picks char
prepping for two kids soccer games in an hour. introducing them to the universal language of the pre-game fire-up: survivor of !!!!
maybe that's what i've been doing wrong. no walk up songs do the kids.
wasn't annabelle a bad movie? i thought i'd heard that. why is there an annabelle 2?
because horror movies can be made on the cheap
its my day off i'm just gonna get baked, make a quesadilla, and play zelda
its also pay day
i supported your twitter till i saw this tweet, might have to unfollow
he dissed pac and said drake was better!?!? wtf when drake has like 30 writers and lil yachty doesn't even rap just mumbles
sure. after you've made yourself clear block idiots. nothing wrong with that.
something i've observed here w/r/t street harassment is that ignoring is usually the best approach. probably applies elsewhere too.
he can't cause much mischief right now
how come, is he under house arrest
new poem about connecting with people through the ups &amp; downs of their life. here it is:
simply brilliant! i can totally relate to those beautifully constructed words! love you elise! you're gifted!
this ref really just said "congratulations, we're going into overtime"
which game?
le moose cafe
best crepes eveaaa^^^^^
you know, when a guy is with his wife and kids and he's eye fucking you from across the street, it really hurts my feelings.
the feels... that's terrible.
miss u way more
:( come visit me
ref not red
yup it bounced off was not intentional at all
i just got a new job and i think they're gonna ask me if i want a new machine.... could be perfect!
congrats! the only time it sucks is during xcode updates. those are pretty painful. other than that,
people that chew loud af make me want to smack them in the mouth!
it's so fucking gross and unnecessary
just to be clear living a long time is not a very good incentive to deprive your tastebuds of good food live life comfortably
balance it all
bill and hillary clinton sell access and influence under the guise of a birthday bash...
bill looks bat crazy in that pic
just got a gift of and it's awesome! how have i lived without this? do yourself a favor and google it!
we don't have bugs in california
they're all trash
im getting used to it tbh whatever
shoutout to my boy nicky with that td today
thx bro had to join in the fun
dude i've been watching that today on netflix really expressive stuff i love it
wheee thanks! we love making it!
we're living in such an amazing time now. i'm rocking a two-year-old iphone and it's not bad at all. the new model is really insanely great.
intentional reference to steve jobs's motto of "insanely great". looking at the bom costs of an iphone, there's a lot of room for android...
my lipstick is still on from last night. all u bitches need to buy colourpop
hahaha literally same every morning after i go out
actually, there's a republican and a green
imho (yes as white dude) someone talking abt how black ppl *should* speak is textbook stein supporter so carry on.
tomorrow on , chris wallace will talk to . tune in at 2p &amp; 10p et on !
face of an angel
it takes me years though to do. maybe when i'm 70 i'll finally speak another language.
ok, but jat how far you've already come? play guitar, sing, write, got published, is awesome...
1. blaming "the media" for trump rejects the idea that he could represent a cogent ideology that many americans agree with. its a hard truth
i think the movement for some his positions is real, but there is a pole in the eye to the elites as well which is just spite
you can't knock off his square: he responds to critics and kaepernick supporters!
so what are you doing to solve the black on black crime epidemic? i would love to promote your solution?
what a game tim it's sad others don't see it the way we all do =(
beauty is in the eye of the beholder i guess, seems reviews a tad harsh, are we having fun? yes,that's all
saw this party on snapchat and i was literally crying bc it looked so turnt and i wasn't there
sorry boo it was super last minute!
centcom says us airstrike against syrian military position was accidental, intended for isis.
not much persuasive about this coalition, russia and u.s.a deal does not have collaboration
the cookie cake that's gone viral
impressive. this part of the foothill lot tailgate? our foothill tailgate will have deconstructed s'mores.
rino's back down when called racists! not donald trump ! mad-man! this man is fearless!
thats why we love him
intentional reference to steve jobs's motto of "insanely great". looking at the bom costs of an iphone, there's a lot of room for android...
my motto is that billionaires have iphones, as a general rule. unless you work at google, or you're donald trump, or a few other situations.
every night, before you sleep, think about (write down) the 3 good things that happened that day - great advice repeated again by mentor pb!
have you heard of the app five minute journal? a snapshot of the good in your day with both an am &amp; a pm post.
please take it easy buddy xx
can't keep me down for too long lisa xx
any tequila drinkers? going to my bosses house for dinner. what's a really good tequila to bring?
d will drinks 1987. $38 a shot
just remembered last night i had to punch a guy in the face for being racist towards me n angie n he punched me back lmao
what the fuck did y'all beat the shit out of him
working on getting stuff right now. prob some ear buds, maybe bt speakers, things like that starting out. no iphones lol
i mean who can afford an iphone today?
i laugh at you fools calling us cucks, trump is establishment you moron! lol!
trump is establishment? why do the elites hate him?
where you come from? lol
lol just acknowledge what i said no need for extra commentary
this beat knock.... i might freestyle on this shit
might as well let me on it
you poor stupid man. you are voting in your own demise. when they come for you will there be anyone left to call?
who's gonna come for me, mikey boy? you? you're softer than baby thighs. not worried.
anyone seen hillary clinton today? i'm starting to get worried.
not seeing her is a blessing to me
damn the one time i'm out lmfao
here i thought you were gonna pull a harambe and hug me like the child
i'm starving
damn you gotta change that
i think you've hit on the point... it's been nearly 3 whole years since the mac pro's hardware was refreshed. still on ivy bridge.
. i mean the comparison to the core m in the new macbook is way more interesting and surprising.
my motto is that billionaires have iphones, as a general rule. unless you work at google, or you're donald trump, or a few other situations.
but, and here's the genius of what apple does in terms of marketing &amp; making capitalism work, is that you don't have to be a billionaire.
as much as possible. bounce is your friend. my 60 has 12 degrees of bounce.
thx very much. i play 52-10*, 60-12* and sw at 56-14*. i am a digger
louisville looks ready to be a possible contender for the playoffs if they continue to play well.
that was a demolition
hey michigan, game started. doesn't seem like you realized.
i'll just leave this other game here
i was trying to butter you up as i pointed out your weaknesses as a human being. it's a classic manipulation tactic.
are u takin the piss m8? (i've never actually been to the uk)
most places threaten illegals, they're little better than slaves
you're kidding right?most places? like here in nyc, sf,chicago etc where they get welfare,food stamps,govt housing,free tutors
today i learned that pumpkin spice is not made of pumpkins
pumpkin inspired taste enhancement contrivance.
confirmed. ps5 will be announced next year when scorpio comes out. i mean, he put a check after it. real, right?
lol so pathetic
could someone take out this blowhard already. browning .50 from a mile should do it
we want him to live happily ever after in estonia in one of his hotels. be nice. kisses! his whole family too.
but, and here's the genius of what apple does in terms of marketing &amp; making capitalism work, is that you don't have to be a billionaire.
that's part of the apple mystique, including the tradition of tim cook &amp; steve jobs personally responding to emails from random customers.
a new favorite: macks wolf &amp; yorkshire ripper feat. mc eruption - i'm here by on
who admins the sc? the "all other digital stores" date has already passed the bp date i don't think thats right
same situation except gifs
do you have a moment to talk to our lord and savior .webm
thanks to my top interactors! via
thanks charity
we think we see you under the umbrella. you got an orange jacket on?
i'm the fire truck!!
. i mean the comparison to the core m in the new macbook is way more interesting and surprising.
. it's just easier to sell clicks on the headline "iphone beats mac pro"
i don't know about the chicken man in philly, but the red sox certainly blew up the yankees last night, and i loved it.
and they blew up their house too!
together to play well, seems like the top singles players can dominate easily if they want
we are also only talking about one match here... not exactly a large sample size
same situation except gifs
do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior .webm
i wishhhhhhh i was there fr
but drinking in nc is waaaay cheaper tho
could someone take out this blowhard already. browning .50 from a mile should do it
all banned from the untied states of america. doesn't mean he can't become a leper.
i fly 4-5 times per mth. i stopped flying saa two years ago. i would rather swim the indian ocean with my hands tied
- just flown to ny.....not saa!
krugman: journalists now face "enormity of what their fact-free jeering of hrc and fawning over djt might produce."
no journalism creds.
it is the third in the series so maybe they are comparing it to its predecessors.
because it didn't destroy the box office like the conjuring or conjuring 2=failure
he really needs to replace his avatar with the standard twitter egg because that is who his personality mirrors
he's gonna replace it with "pepe", his reptilian overlord
"seattle high school football team kneels for national anthem" - disgraceful little punks!
public schools are recruitment centers for anti-american jihadis. parents should keep their kids away 2 save them from this
they're the absolute worst
living down in this area i enjoy yelling at them and calling them conspiracy theorist scum. they don't like it.
disgusted that my house member, democrat , signed onto committee's pack of lies about .
geez. way to represent your district
one of yall make team
we'll just play on the 10-3 team lol
it's both. tampa 2 works if you have edge speed guys and closers. lynch-brooks-jackson-etc not out there.
again, tampa 2 is a base. it's not all they do. but yes, they need talent to fill it out.
that's part of the apple mystique, including the tradition of tim cook &amp; steve jobs personally responding to emails from random customers.
so i get really angry when people get classist and look askance at someone who doesn't have a lot of money, a home, or job owning an iphone.
it's what i do best
is that so?!?
say fsu wins out. can you even consider a team for the playoff after a beating like that?
no. i think this is another great example of why there shouldn't be rankings until a couple weeks in...
yea now you got it &amp; should of know better
agreed, i'd have to reread the lyrics to see if it makes any contextual sense. honest mistake at worst i think
you're boring
and you're a lemming. congrats.
here we are back at it again
we are amazing
boston and new hampshire b back out to ny soon tho
new york watch out for shego cuz here she go with that gang talk!!
just discovered swift's `case x = y` pattern matching can be used in guard, while and for loop conditions (but not where clauses, strangely)
can be used in if too.
glass half-full, : no matter what happens the rest of the year, you won your super bowl last week.
that's the cyclowns super bowl, not ours
cool just got kicked off the l in brooklyn cus it's broke and now i don't know where i am
so i walked to the g then the next train i had to get on was also broke. new york is cool and good
i learned that hair is getting longer if u don't do anything about it
toilet paper also gets to an end and it didn't refill magically.
i'm listening to massive attack omg it's such garbage i'm glad nicki called it a buzz single cause girl
i love that song
is it just me or is ios 10 the first time that apple has aligned text to the right? reminiscent of another phone os.
seems to break what has mostly been an unwritten rule of symmetry for them.
garry did you notice you're arguing with a felon?
truth hurts don't it?
small computer systems service and repair, by the looks of it.
well, yes. this is way outside my realm of expertise.
i ran into paul schrader today. it was super weird.
i imagine; he's a super weird dude. how did it happen?
when are you leaving? would love to grab coffee and donuts!
on my way to the airport right now unfortunately. i'll ping you next time!
will japan stop whaling &amp; killing dolphins in time for tokyo olympics?
that is 4 years, this must be done now
after i sent you all those videos smh
i didn't say that i didn't like the videosbut when is your album dropping?
so i get really angry when people get classist and look askance at someone who doesn't have a lot of money, a home, or job owning an iphone.
a lot of people have iphones. they last a really long time. they have value as hand-me-downs. that's also why they cost as much as they do.
burlingame is weird!!!!
what's up burlingamers
i don't get what you're aiming for on this angle. at the most the same inglewood design gets moved to dtla.
possibly. but design is hardly the only open question at this point.
absolutely! hope your show is a success tonight! i look forward to visiting your spot one day!
- thanks so much ed!
karl's work was such a huge inspiration to me back in the day kudos, best kind of necro :)
ya is pretty amazing. must have had a beefy silicon graphics setup to run those sims
constant reminder... this guy is a felon
truth hurts don't it?
update on my life: knocked over a water cooler the size of 3 babies and it shattered all over a coffee shop
thanks for being so nice to me. again im so sorry
syracuse runs on 1st down with 22 seconds left in the half with a chance to score. questionable clock management
tried to catch them off guard. have all 3 to's
find out how the govt. is outright lying about the economy on a new blunt force truth weekly wrap-up show.
thank you its leaders like you who will
looks like personal foul was during the play, but called post-play.
yeah was that not helmet to helmet?!?!?
"you're grounded for 2 months for sexting!" mom, gnoc means global network operation center "devops?! 5 months!"
last time i worked in a noc, managers were called "parents". so there's that.
good afternoon... i hope all is well?
i'm great how bout you jesse?
that is very true. maybe i should move out there to help my drinking problem. i'll slow down a bit because of money lol
truuu. although i've found some p great dive bars hah
confirmed: airpods still work after going through the washing machine.
i wonder if they'll eventually make gold versions. would make more attractive (maybe) earrings! would also survive wash. :)
hi little one happy bday miss you and love you
thanks my love, miss and love u tons
come linger me while i linger
the trade commeth
no. i think this is another great example of why there shouldn't be rankings until a couple weeks in...
fsu prob shouldn't be ranked next week. wouldn't be shocked if they were top 15 next week because they were number 2 this week
cause u ain't been fw real women. shame.
i know. gotta find me one
the new season of may cause side aches from excessive laughter.
i've been patiently waiting for new episodes!
jut becaue we are alive now, this time period is not totally unique..the wants to grow their fortunes at any cost to others.
as the wealthy take larger &amp; large shares of our usa's assets, get less &amp; less...wealthy do not spend their income as
doing stuff on bourbon street w
am i in heaven? holy shit
usa looks clueless this glorious afternoon.
john tortorella might be one of the greatly overated coaches of all time
would you hide a jew from the nazis? 9/20 on
absolutely yes
yeah. that would be very ahistorical.
a huge percentage of israelis are from middle east like iran, yemen, etc; 25% are secular russian jews that left post collapse
come linger me while i linger
the trade cometh
a lot of people have iphones. they last a really long time. they have value as hand-me-downs. that's also why they cost as much as they do.
i don't want to talk about how any of this affects apple's stock price because i have no clue, but i think they're going to keep growing.
7) sheed with old school bully post moves
that game was the 1st loss of 2013.
google didn't like me using their url shortener. try this for old callbooks
why did they object to it?
highly useful when you need to maintain interpretability of your model and simultaneously avoid overfitting.
found it great for my regression project. all the other project i looked at missed the fact that manual cars in mtcars
yeah that one smooth
it's really a goer
exactly! nobody is talking about that
sad thing is you can't make movies for the fans unless it generates 50x times the budget.
's sources are more credible.
taken with more than a few grains of salt.
so sec refs missed the targeting call there and the personal foul before the score? ouch.
sweet blood bank guarantee
major updates from judicial watch this week. view our weekly tipsheet from 9/13 here.
right wing assassins
i didn't even know i was a commentator?? when did this happen
you should delete that comment and restart because hat didn't make sense lmao
impressive. this part of the foothill lot tailgate? our foothill tailgate will have deconstructed s'mores.
come by when we get there and you are welcome to some. too much made for our small tailgate. look for the tesla.
sneaks team?
oh then ya ill make one in that case
thanks for reaching out. all the information you need is located here:
pls send me link to where shipping info actually is.
i haven't cheered for a powerplay goal since like march
i bet you are enjoying the frans neilsen show..coming to your team soon.
the assembly is interesting, though i'm not very keen on gaze as a primary input mechanic in vr
(in real life, i do not open drawers by looking at each drawer in turn)
now that the money is there the raiders are gone this is the last season in oak sorry peeps
you're fucking dumb
exactly! nobody is talking about that
sad thing is you can't make movies for the fans unless it generates 50x times the budget.
that game was the 1st loss of 2013.
2012/2013 54 win year
20/23. impact assessments can be used to explain why politicians should not proceed with populist options
- but populist options are much easier!
so funny... usually hate trolls wishing me dead,only come out when ive dissed their leader. silly frog seems 2 have hit some group nerve
love you cher!!!
are you using a box?
nooo i barely reach on my tippy toes
brooklyn, so it occasionally feels like it.
thanks. depressing didn't ice their best team, but the powers that be probably need to learn this lesson.
. is ready to . bid on these game-worn gloves tonight inside gate c.
these cleats are also up for auction tonight at the stadium.
that sounds good! it used to be up there we're down by lsb
oh bummer. was this the one with the crazy menu?
audre lorde said "we have to consciously study how to be tender w each other til it becomes a habit"-
i was struck by that quote, too...
loving games today!
the games are great today
which type should i do a mono play through in pokemon x.
it's a tie so i'm going to make the final decision. so i'm going to go with ghost. will need a mon genned when i get home
oh my god im so sorry for being late happy birthday lovely :* hope you're having fun!!!
no thing yuan! thanks a lot &lt;3 :) i'm having a good time
why did you leave the show?
i'm off to oversee a few premieres of my play "26 pebbles"
i guess player health and promo dates don't work well together anymore lol
they need to be real careful for the rest of the season big time
seriously people, aren't we sick and tired of these boston teams?
yes, but there is a remedy: beat them!!!
yeah. that would be very ahistorical.
european jews that are there are highly secular, largely splits-- some families to us some to israel post holocaust.
imagine omg i need that
let's start that petition for this year!!
i just heard the most horrifying phrase ever: "hipster boat party."
nothing you might want to escape from should be held on a boat.
agree with that statement. need to adjust if the current players are not able to succeed in the current system.
. so then what is the better defense for this personnel?
and all he's done is pick fights with reporters. not one tweet about hillary.
even attacking dowd-who after years of being shitty to hillary- said 1 thing abt trump.
if anything that would work better for the nfl and kroenke. they would luck out into a far better site.
a deal to share the la market for the 2 teams approved to move there would have to be renegotiated. stadium site would not be stans
i don't want to talk about how any of this affects apple's stock price because i have no clue, but i think they're going to keep growing.
this samsung exploding battery fiasco is such a spectacular own goal that i can't believe it. but i hope google's new pixel phones do well.
sigh i am drinking a in but it is still almost impossible to find in
true. we look forward to being available in wa some day ... and celebrate our wonderful uk importer ! cheers
girls is ending so soon &amp; i need a therapeutic hobby. polite suggestions welcome. also, what is a hobby?
i believe your hobby should be to just to make more girls!
why is this b-hole very poorly practicing trumpet in the dorm courtyard when the music buildings are literally right across the street
do non-music majors have access to the music building?
they bradford story line nobody is talking about: he might be *really* good in this offense. maybe better than teddy.
said as much on pti this week. that teddy may have probs getting his job back.
haha dive bars are the best
dude right!? apart from it being reminiscent of home, it's p much the best. found one here w carpeted floors
it's just a way station before they send us into the wolf-festooned boreal forest
ah, i see you are making yourself indigestible ahead of interaction with wolves. makes sense now
thought from this week: has no context, so more of a preserve than an archive. archivist pals, your thoughts?
give us time, we'll add the context
congrats to my lil cousin signing with stony brook proud of you me and will be in ny!
thanks fam !! he already said y'all will be lol
horrendous but it reduces grown men to blobs of sobbing jelly
i found it a bore
yeah. still working on some issues tbh, and venting on twitter seems to help some.
i hear you! dm if you need anything! still up for helping you with the bot too!
w/ | 92.3fm benin! | : "all in my head (flex) ~ x " |
brand new tune
the fact that we're not going to san gneros this year makes me sad
or in chaddys word 911
hearings, actually.
. for years we watched from afar other countries electing despot con men not once believing the day would come to the usa.
i can't stand verne linqvist and this other announcer on cbs
verne used to be good. gary since becoming an sec shill 10 years ago has become insufferable. knows his shit though.
heh...remember the old dos games that were tied to processor speed &amp; became unplayable on pentium?
ah the turbo button
on this day in 1961, turkish president adnan menderes was executed following a military coup. |
this was how they did it back then
just a general tweet or something specific
assorted delays in both directions
the fact that we're not going to san gneros this year makes me sad
or in chaddys words 711 lol
this samsung exploding battery fiasco is such a spectacular own goal that i can't believe it. but i hope google's new pixel phones do well.
the problem for google is the nexus phones have never sold very many units, and the pixel phones might sell even fewer, depending on price.
which gym do you use in ny? i'm gonna be there a bunch for work in chelsea and need to stay huge.
i use crunch
gary can go fuck himself
lmao he sounds like that's what he was doing.
well that shit needs to come back..
too long to grow it back lol
yeah. that would be very ahistorical.
anyway, anti-israel stuff turning to anti-semitism is real, non-sensical, and dismissed as "jewish conspiracy" to protect israel
please, stop calling it genius hour
- not my article.
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
if you're so pro guns you should allow all of your supporters to carry guns to your rallies. you're unqualified to be prez!
i tried to get my son to do the 17 cc wouldn't do it he's 22 now still no inroads in to driving he's missed out on so much
we're sorry to hear your son missed out!!
both you &amp; moooch are demented. no one should have any power to shape kids other than the parents not the government
probably why they don't teach about in schools anymore. not the brain-washers....
uconn beats virginia. another aac team beats a "p5" program. note: byu's bronco mendenhall left provo for uva job.
uconn can out-ugly anyone on the football field. one yard away from 3-0 and fan base ready to revolt!
i couldn't stand walken's "i wanna be like you" other than that i liked it.
was pretty creepy. but hey, it's walken.
digging this early schedule: 6-2pm. can leave work w/o feeling like i've wasted my day. need a more efficient 430-6am and 3-9pm...
i use that last hour of the day to make sure that 430 to 6 are on autopilot. up, food, coffee, run.
dude is still going on about it lol
he will all game. watch!
where are you why have you forsaken us
who are you praying to?
debate rules being set by hillary donors via
she's going to need more blood donors than $$$ donors
are you here?
yes. let's connect. session at 5pm lk120
public bus agencies
i don't know. that is unstudied.
gonna check out beck cause it's also made during the time paradise kiss was made by madhouse and the aesthetic is similar
beck has such a good theme song...
girls is ending so soon &amp; i need a therapeutic hobby. polite suggestions welcome. also, what is a hobby?
i believe your hobby should be to just make more girls!
dude is still going on about it lol
can you imagine if bama comes back, but loses by 7? gary might leap from the booth.
the problem for google is the nexus phones have never sold very many units, and the pixel phones might sell even fewer, depending on price.
apple might steal the show from google next month anyway, depending on the relative timing of their macbook pro / mac pro refresh reveal.
how'd you end up in oakland
you don't want to know how the car ride went
you never corrected me lmao. move along blm terrorist
atleast now your slightly less stupid and uninformed than before our paths crossed
your opinion is incorrect
your face is incorrect
i thought you were the one that's supposed to sign us up?!
i'm using the lesson i learned from the doctors teachings: gotta shake things up drive a hard bargain
i miss rdio so gd much, we should re-make it
lol, licensing though. so hard. :x
so sec refs missed the targeting call there and the personal foul before the score? ouch.
give me a break about the targeting call
"i can't answer that" that translates as a "yes"
i missed the question
so is the icenetwork stream
it's working for me in firefox!
the emmys are tomorrow
and we are watching them together!!!!
remember don't use the rotunda of its packed, much better chance of getting giveaways if use lf/rf or bullpen gate- good luck
oh yeah! good advice. we try to do that. the only giveaway we've ever missed are that 86 mets and gooden bobblehead.
why isn't mike sullivan coaching this team?
he likes to coach s fast skating style..they didn't bring that team with them
john tortorella is a terrible coach and showing why he can't keep an nhl job
arguably the worst coach to ever win a stanley cup.
i was heading towards the lightbox this morning and he was just leaving i guess.
did you shout "bresson &amp; ozu are overrated" just to rile him?...:)
all of these outfits would be against dress code
what exactly is the dc violation in the left photo?
karl's moving east. line is at sunset.
. overcast but not too cold at thornton beach
trump went to flint to draw attention to the city's lead poisoning crisis-but he just made a spectacle of himself.
sshole
make it official on sam shields.
but should i play your man aaron or jameis?
so i may have been really particular about hairstyles when i first started
i got rid of my male warlock made her a human female then got rid of her to make a awoken female.
it was to easy. someone had to do it
i get that. the internet and this election has empowered us to be less kind. i'm trying to stop and be nicer when posting.
don't buy into the lie that a higher salary necessitates a higher standard of living. join me for :
pray that this lesson is understood early in life.
the application process starts over when with the new city.
. it's already been approved. just not announced. it will "go smoothly "
w/ | 92.3fm benin! | : "all in my head (flex) ~ x " |
brand new tune
haven't picked up the book yet but curious if you see any link btwn young men opting-out of rel &amp; other recent econ/poli trends
young men, historically, have always been more likely to be apostates than women. timing of lds mission seems to worsen problem.
who brought the boarding pass scanner to the usenix security afterparty last month? ping me please. thanks.
way to make the usenix security afterparty sound like an *awesome* time!
i'm gonna be at sd after the mat, would love to say hi if you have a sec :)
ahhh sorry i had friends here!
spotted all over at the penfield library used book sale. and my faith in humanity went down another notch.
wow! sounds like quite the backstory there!
older girls are shoe shopping and babies are baby-ing so i'm doing some more anthropologizing
i was appalled at the level of reasoning from scripture in parts of that book (even if i agreed w/ some of his concl.).
retweet nice text back
oooo mannnn
when you wanna shoot ur shot but you know you'll airball horribly
"you miss 100% of the shots you don't take" -michael scott
tfw weekly flipping out about 60 units of tech housing sounds just like a story....
though see 's good suggestion of affordable housing over parking. c/
people uncomfortable with the thought of experts who are smarter or more knowledgable than them are perfect marks for snake oil salesmen.
. it's also a convergence of buzzfeed attention span clickbait &amp; conspiracy theories "x treatments your doctor won't tell you about"
should i start watching stranger things?
nigga wtf get on that
are they (the pancakes)gluten free? that will help me determine.
bwahaha ''tis the gluten daughter!
i haven't been able to catch him! i'm watching someone not talking on twitch, chill background noise since i can't understand
i might stream again soon
off to a great start i see
didnt forget my melee tho
our cat watches football like a 40 year old man.
thank god that cat is watching anything right now ! lol
did i meantion that happy
he's a great hero to immolate...
hey any plans of bringing the slackline back?
as much as i love cornhole (not at all) this space would be better utilized for a slackline
how did you see me , i'm confused
i left when u came lol
is there a good unicorn deadpool/deathwatch list? or should i make one.
tc used to have a deadpool...
game at 630...think i can make the trip during halftime??
if anyone can, it's you.
because church is a cult, many ignorant members are terrified of "eternal consequences" to even research the truth.
this may just be one of the single most influencing powers keeping members. i know it affected me for years.
actually there's a whole stop coconut oil campaign happening now
why can't we have nice things
sick man. reminds of in through the out door
oh wow! that is pretty similar!!
they put it by my house
can u go in and buy ne somethin
i see but kroenke would still have upper hand due to team already there. it isn't like he'd make another move to london.
. and got approved to go to la at the same time. in same transaction, same vote.... same time.
morning, need something to warm me up with a bit of pumpkin spice. yum! ...
i'm so getting this li-li! stocking up 4 what they r saying is going 2 b brutal winter. look forward 2 seeing u next week:-)
i walked to the place by my apt. deciding between 1800 and don julio.....
cant go wrong with either, probably the top 2
branding fail evidence that the campaign, pundits and msm are working together. let's push "power through"
the only thing she can power through is a bottle of whiskey!!
update : only 1 is alive
how does that happen :(
we never beef over whores
why you got a coat on in your avi
cinderella loses her shoe at midnight and it's a "fairy tale". i lose my shoe at midnight and i "need intervention".
might be because you had tequila makes my clothes fall off playing in the background
went hunting today in cortland and came out with the and the win.. 3-0 boys let's keep rolling
i see you out here bro! glad i taught my son well
look i'm sure we can just source all of our media from pirate bay and no one would care
to be honest, i was just thinking, "how hard would it be to create a peer-to-peer streaming client?"
i don't cheat, but if i did and got shorty pregnant then i'd definitely tell my wife.
whoever voted no is stupid cause u can only hide a child for so long
i follow this girl on instagram only because she photoshops her face horribly on other people's photos &amp; really believes we believe it's her
username please
about deathstroke coming back
oooo that would be great!
"seattle high school football team kneels for national anthem" - disgraceful little punks!
the leftists are using our public schools to community organize for jihad. kids are taught that hating the u.s. is cool.
now do you believe that uses intimidation to influence media
the media needs to speak up. to stop
saw a mclaren p1 just now, please giv3
talk with . he knows a thing or two about mclarens.
sick man. reminds of in through the out door
holy cow. that awesome!
just peeped 's ig and his tattoos are clean as hell. that linework is pristine!
you are the cutest wow
gday bro and all
hailz my brother &amp; all
psa: there is this thing called reality where either cheetoman or hillary will be president. your vote makes one or the other more likely.
i'll vote for neither since hillary is a corrupt, incompetent, sickly warmonger. voting stein helps neither. i'm good with that.
"looked like a clean hit to me" - roger goodell
a great football play.. come on barstool
air supply concert with (@ hard rock live northfield park - for air supply)
, good times when we saw them last! have fun tonight!
solemn tribute to slain brentwood girls precedes football game: before a saturday afternoon game, high school...
perfect gesture by players. scum don't play football they kill on our streets
good....an anti trump reporter probably up to no good!
. that "no good" is making trump accountable you deplorable!
i had to walk into the mail center and admit i needed a new one because i was too short
that sounds very embarrassing, it's a good thing i'm a short girl instead of a short man wwww...
da demands answers over nuclear contract - why choose nuclear over renewable energy?
- for confidential incentives!
it happened saving all summer for this bad boy. now to further my photography goals
they make certain parts of the process so much better.
leggings. if guys can see your shapely legs their thoughts will turn to sex.
this reminds me that all my leggings are worn out and i need new ones.
gary is a twat waffle bitch
lolololololol
3/ b/c there is a "narrow lane" to generating enough sustainable rev off the volume chased to get rev...
it's a hard world out there. biggest shame about gawker is that they were making it work.
if i spend even a couple of minutes thinking about that life - a life of profound social isolation - it's hard for me to sustain anger
you are right, and a good person for stepping back and empathizing this way. they are assholes, but it truly sucks to be them
woah. that's aggressive
right? and i wasn't rude...just expressed some dissatisfaction.
we put you in this room at hq if you are bad
you might not want to put bad infrastructure nerds in there.
the xps 13 is helping the howards turn their honeymoon into the trip of a lifetime.
ha &amp; 'da "chad's" had it! really is ok 4u 2pretend but not2share truth 4hire
over $400 for the bottle though lol
i bought 6 shots
a delicious kosher meal at ghimel garden, on the ghetto square, this evening. outstanding.
v.v jealous right now
you say so honest racist/mistake remark at end of song ? what you say ? why ?
well i didn't know. possible he didn't either. obviously pulling it shows remorse...
is there a good unicorn deadpool/deathwatch list? or should i make one.
you should make one.
ummm .... does elyse feel the same way!?
she's the one that wanted to go!
if u a girl that hates cardi b imma assume that u never learned to love yourself ma
best thing i've heard in years. the real ones watching like yasssss bitch!!! she the goat
yes just finished ' "embodied souls...". much more careful, and i can tell that from just 20pp of cooper so far
j. green's *body, soul, and human life* is great too (even if i don't fully agree w/ green's hard conclusions).
girls is ending so soon &amp; i need a therapeutic hobby. polite suggestions welcome. also, what is a hobby?
ironic needlepoint? accidental bicycle thief?
who r u ? mark with red pls :)
i'm the one holding the camera, genius
i'm visiting next week for homecoming, but i'm back in philly for now
ah well yay hopefully i'll see you at homecoming!!
syrian human rights group says 83 killed in airstrikes that syria blames on coalition.
tepid article better to look at foreign news for details us attack on army strengthening isis position
they just are such homers it's ridiculous like just announce the game lol
bama fans get on here every week claiming these two hate bama. can you believe this???
i just said to joe you only got one pair of thermal socks. you need at least 7 pairs of socks
i'm just starting!!
what the actual fuck was that? no reason they should have gotten the all back. horrible offensive possession
look at that kick replay. ref swallowed whistle after kick interference &amp; misses horrible block in back at catch
from what contemporaries have said, the super weirdness is standard
hes been weird (and brilliant) awhile. the depalma-scorsese gang used 2 worry about him creeping out the ladies
haha,you're sitting there thinking"this will end the trump campaingn!" pathetic kyle,can't wait for your breakdown when t wins
never going to happen trumpster! trump's child rape trial starts oct. 14th. he may be in jail by election day! ha, ha!
i just googled her teeth they don't even look bad lol
did she maybe get work done?
those are high-end and one of them explodes. need one that runs latest os but to keep on my desk to test android apps
i've been really happy with my oneplus 3 and it hasn't blown up yet.
. for refugees fleeing syria and the middle east, a smartphone may be their most important possession: wayfinding, e-cash, contact
. absolutely. the thing that i'm most proud of about working for google when i did &amp; not apple was making smartphones available...
twenty bucks says you'll remember me when you see me on your tv screen
too bad you weren't friends with harold and i when cutip covered monument and heartless. a sight to see.
interesting consequence of iphone 7 home button not being physical: double pressing to app drawer becomes much easier and faster.
i accidentally press once when i intend to double press. rare now. imagine home button as a joy stick. tap, hold, swipe left or right.
her explanation doesn't make sense, will my body turn into a banana peel, cause i eat bananas
idk banana skins are pretty smooth.
there were 12 people in my showing. but this is iowa, that's almost a lynch mob.
but people know by now horror isn't a box office success story every time. wow shocking
is there a backstory?
well it's extremely one-sided
language learning impairment 7 times more common than autism | tes community
and almost completely ignored
i guess trump's pivot is taking the weekend off.
long weekend off. started on friday ;)
lol all i need a job that will accommodate my mental health, 10 grand, and a new family from scratch.
simple enough!
how was your last night in the show must have been very emotional your play is going up in feb?
it was a magical night. truly. and yes, one of the premieres goes up in feb. while another opens in mid-october
where do you see west ham finishing in the premier league this season?
payet to leave in the winter transfer to either man city or liverpool
just ate a whole pizza and now omw to nyc to eat more garbage cuz im cool like that
excuse me, did i read that right? did you just say you're on your way to ny...
i've never really paid him any attention all these years, but he really is pissed right now.
he's done this many times
citifield fault by only giving 15k away, creates a higher supply/demand
bingo! it's funny. for the gooden one, we were next to opposing team fans (phillies?) and they left w/o the bobblehead! score!
that's sucks but at least you won't be hung over tomorrow
i'm recharging rn and also looking for home remedies. i got this, guys!!
it's saturday and i'm bored. send me some links for rts check out , follow her to 10k
here r some silly ones. thasnk o!uy
. absolutely. the thing that i'm most proud of about working for google when i did &amp; not apple was making smartphones available...
...to syrian refugees and not just to american journalists and software engineers. android is the hero of the rest of the globe.
i could see doing this shit lol
you already know fuck around and find out! always got my brothers
there is a life-sized lego david ortiz at fenway park.
just ordered your book because you don't give a f*ck about the yankees! cheers &amp; go
laughing so hard at these cookies amazing.
this is probably when diplo blocks me on twitter i think
i didn't hear shit about his album
me either. i'm gonna listen to it today
20% isn't sufficiently less in a world where google competes far more intensely on price.
if they can really do reliable bare metal w persistent local storage speeds i am intrigued. even at same cost, but ideally &lt;.
and no inzaghi either!
you might get a run on next week with all the suspensions!
nothing more frazzling than a car horn that won't stop.
been there...
when wrestling season comes around i'm going to isolate myself from social media as much as possible
no distractions, it's state mode this year
that sounds delicious
was going to work out a brisket trade with but looks like i'm denied.
edcamp yosemite is great! very inspiring! and i finally got to hear speak!
be careful it is addicting
chelios and hull are literally so mad right now i don't blame them it's embarrassing
they have shown more passion for this game than the team usa players on the ice.
finally chopped off all my hair and i feel like a new born baby
welp i'm barely blonde anymore
hope they lost his bag. or at least nicked his ipad.
- oh no,i'm in ny.....can't escape the guy!
"it better to teach students to use their imagination than to teach them to memorize our knowledge." teacher in perugia, italy.
teaching 2nd "who owns the learning?" institute. everyone gets a book! would love for you to skype in!
...to syrian refugees and not just to american journalists and software engineers. android is the hero of the rest of the globe.
that includes india and asia in general, where dual-sim phones are extremely common and not available from apple in any iphone.
big! hillary invented birtherism: 11 things the media won't tell you
she did not. get a brain
babymilk!!!!!!!! congrats!
thanks cheesy !
precious land was among 64 people shot in chicago over memorial day weekend. she survived, but still isn't home.
tried to donate but donation site was not working.
the amazon reviews on 55gal drums of boinking lube are amazing:
you've checked out the t shirt of wolves howling right?
as the wealthy take larger &amp; large shares of our usa's assets, get less &amp; less...wealthy do not spend their income as
the poor, middle-income, &amp; upper-income do...less $ spent in our society = lower living standards, fewer jobs, less $ 4
proud of you dii
thanks dii
63-10 louisville. is this real life?
at least it makes su's loss last week a little more palatable.
2/2 not just of the cycling but of the surrounding areas, your wit and many matching polo shirts and watches!
thank you so much maria!
but would love to see both.
4 city lots right downtown. ideal for prefab microunits. c/
i've never played that game but it looks so cute!
also are y'all playing dragon quest 7?
are you working today?
i'm at home
but it does prove that clinton started it and trump ended it.
it proves nothing you are a total idiot
how you gonna give the ball back to oregon with 1:14 on the clock while they have 2 time outs? that's like a 90% chance they'll score.
nvm it was 3 and out
that includes india and asia in general, where dual-sim phones are extremely common and not available from apple in any iphone.
i'm not certain the current map of where dual-sim phones and other features like fm radios are most appreciated in the world.
or is it cookie i leave these questions for the historians to decide
it's cookie
haha i should have, mostly it was just a rush of realising who it was.
he's still the greatest religious/spiritual screenwriter in american film history, and one its greatest religious directors.
pretty fucking ridiculous that that article doesn't link to or even mention what those "primary documents" are.
not often smart to link to illegally hacked docs. good news: googling is exceptionally easy.
what shoes we talking about
shivani, hook sam up with some gsw kds
one of the best 30 for 30's imo
i'm balling through them all on netflix now, sorting sports docs a-z, that was my 39th!
i'm cuddling with and is cuddling with heath and is cuddling with the popcorn bowl
i'm actually made a little uncomfortable by how many people favorited this
got the pin and two movie theatre quality posters (one for blair witch, one for the nice guys) off of regal rewards
if you go to a regal with any kind of regularity it's a good deal, the posters and the pin were like $17 shipped
haha i should have, mostly it was just a rush of realising who it was.
but, yeah, i would have been awed. i'm a huge fan of his work.
there are some parts of tomorrow's that can't be unseen. don't say we didn't warn you.
oddly intrigued.
i figured you'd be here again. we didn't get vip at 1st because went through presage. we upgraded.
, the thought didn't even cross my mind. i'll have to see if they're touring near me. have fun! miss u guys! xo
if any of you guys want to be me a beer, go here also, here's a little map-test i'm running
you the man, i will deffently get you a beer sir
it's real cool when jacks up your rate by $40/month, tells you there will be a good package in a few weeks, but then there isn't
i think you'd like that combined with , prime, and are all still cheaper than cable.
yep. exact same thing i watched my late father experience. he died a yr after these symptoms and it got very sad.
our dad had major issue when drinking water. finally had to drink this thick syrupy stuff to keep him hydrated.
there's going to be a us president, people. it's not going to be anyone from the libertarian, green, workers world or boiled cabbage party.
not the "a pony for everybody party" either ... which i regret
was he ever not weird &amp; brilliant? when was there milquetoast paul schrader? i don't recall
no, i was saying he's always been that way. he had a nasty calvinist upbringing that didn't help.
great meeting our future leaders- who are all supporting a presidency.
oh that's funny, they happen to be white, wealthy high school kids?
and is anybody paying attention out there?
trump's a rapist, crook, draft dodger, racist, tax evader, going to jail soon!
so to be clear do y'all think it isn't good bc it isn't well argued or bc you disagree w conclusions...?
his arguments-esp. from scripture-were untenable at points. i can live with where he lands, reluctant dualist.
trump rates women. your husband rapes women. (allegedly)
all the women consented. what about the rape case against trump in october. that ought to be great for pictures
thanks to my top interactors! blue jeans &amp;joy. thank you for the mention
your welcome
blame me not the team. i turned the game off and they immediately started performing. i'm afraid to turn it back on now.
seriously that first half is all on me.
need 2beat cellar-dwellers 2secure wc, but more importantly need to fix &amp; cure &amp; if plan is ws
so much for won't get far with just and wait til 2017...
the problem of evil seems to me one of the only intellectual pursuits where the closer you get to an answer, the further you get from truth.
perhaps that's why i'm so drawn to it. on an unrelated note, i think j may be a masochist.
why is disneyland going all out this fucking year haaaa??? fuckers!!!
seriously!!
opinions: trump's new hotel offers everything he claims to hate by
i heard that hotel has bedbugs. lots of people are saying it.
what will they say next?
something totally insane. as usual.
this fool is undoubtedly a top-5 all-time human. like, unbelievably gracious.
heart exploding into little pieces!
instead of studying labor in the abstract and speculating on the organizing potential of tech workers, we should be *talking to them*
i tried starting this conversation w colleagues but it is v difficult and i became afraid of what they would lobby for
yahhhhh &amp; brunch tomorrow? local harlem
ii bet! and yeah we could do that. i gotta find plans for tonight
who ever is seeing beyonc tonight please send me videos especially hold upz
hold up/countdown
was he ever not weird &amp; brilliant? when was there milquetoast paul schrader? i don't recall
although in person, he actually is a bit milquetoast. not strident or kinetic like his crew.
is that the real picasso?
there is still the matisse, van gogh, gauguin, klimt, modigliani to come. more than 3 works each. guess that means yes.
all i want is you
christmas is coming up
it's a small location but worth the trip.
cool beans. *adds to list*
how about a story on these lots
yes with a rendering &amp; ballpark cost estimate for putting eg some floors of ' units on them
what many don't know is that after chavez got glory he pushed out filipino leaders from union that filipinos started.
typical of media icons, want all the glory. see: harden shutting out lin
wow. appalled? what in particular?
he makes rash moves from word-concepts in scripture to frameworks. wanted to throw book against wall.
she made it! is in san jose meeting young gymnasts!
can i get a autograph pic please
of course hillary supporters luv calling people names...have a day...never been prouder 2 be a deplorable
. deplorable definition : deserving strong condemnation.
can someone explain the smiley faces on these guys' knees?
i'm still waiting for the explanation for happy crotch face. makes it hard to take these demons seriously
palestinian flag falsely used to represent ww2 pilot -
typical palestinianist appropriation of other peoples heroes.
happy late birthday to me
thanks??? and
i tried starting this conversation w colleagues but it is v difficult and i became afraid of what they would lobby for
my idea was to build solidarity with other workers by organizing ourselves as part of the labor movement
our apologies for any rudeness. we're glad you're willing to give us another opportunity to impress you.
i'm flying 2 more times in first class in october hopefully my wife and i won't have the same issues this was just plain rude
that special teams tho.
let's just forget that first quarter, shall we? not sure what was going on there. but we're back.
no you're not
no one asked you birthday hoe
racism has always been around. it is like lust. some people refuse to fight it in themselves though they know it is wrong.
i will never quit fighting it
for some reason i had 5 pm in my calendar. kenya doesn't even open until 6.
i feel like this is about the level of organization that should be expected from us
i should have said something about his mishima film, but he seemed in a hurry and irritated.
he would have loved you for that. that's pretty much his pet project. mishima was huge to him.
all top 5 teams might lose today, yes? still think clemson will be no. 1. (ohio state if they win. and alabama could win.)
louisville is so dominating that they might just leapfrog clemson. also, like the idea of a non power 5 houston mucking things.
my idea was to build solidarity with other workers by organizing ourselves as part of the labor movement
still think its a good idea but felt it could go horribly wrong and end up as the yuppie lobby
no one cares what gates has to say. trump is more fit for office than the last 4 presidents
you've got to get off the crack buddy. trump is putin's puppet-owes russia $650,000,000.
beep beep outta our way is so hot right now we have to hose it down.
so nice of you to let go for a ride!
no flashing lights, no clapping, one person talks at a time, no eye contact. stools are a must!
noise &amp; sound sensitivity
usa hockey is a 10 minute drive from my house. seriously considering taping a nicely worded note to the front door.
is this the note
this cools me on the game significantly, unfortunately...
rahdo can have any game in my catalog, but he has to want it, of course. richard, let me know for essen!
i wonder where donald jr 1st heard the reference "warming up the gas chamber" bc i see it often in tweets to me from trump supporters
it runs in the family.
inv okbigboyok to team
is dom playing
students share why they'll miss michelle obama, "america's second mom"
aren't you pushing the ass kissing a little to far? by the way, do you call yourself a journalist?
he makes rash moves from word-concepts in scripture to frameworks. wanted to throw book against wall.
came highly recommended, so it increased my disappointment. i think it's a must read for the things it does well.
truth is though, in the car-centric reality down there, removing parking lots will be hard
don't need to remove parking, can build on top. could do this many places
whoa, what bout atlanta?
atlanta is just knows for aids. az has every std known to man there.
uber is currently working on self-driving cars, but there's no guarantee the efforts will pay off. here's why...
you're on the money with these concerns, they will try to gain acceptance by giving these rides away but pax need us.
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
speaking of neurotic dopes, tell us again how you saw "thousands and thousands" of muslims cheering the fall of the towers.
i also found the best thing about elfen lied: the dorky visual reference to it in brynhildr
was this an ova? i didnt see anything beyond the series itself, but... even if it was "ironically," i... enjoyed it
i should have said something about his mishima film, but he seemed in a hurry and irritated.
i think part of it is schrader always entertained romantic suicide fantasies himself, but could never pull it off.
alabama s eddie jackson takes a punt return for a score to pull ua back within a touchdown. 24-17, 1:05 left 2q.
this been a long 1st half.
has trump ever called man neurotic?
no its a female thing
w/ | 92.3fm benin! | : "all in my head (flex) ~ x " |
brand new tune
this country was taking from the american indian, what you're saying is know one else is welcome
how did the american indian felt when they were shot live stock destroy women raped children murder now immigrants
the debate around wwii female pilots continues as supporters fight for their place in arlington national cemetery
good news: a bill was passed &amp; pres obama signed it into law in may. congresswomen were the key! see
come out to play with the warriors next at 11.10pm. can you dig it?
cyus is the one
we all took shots
same vibes at the ainsworth in manhattan
guess i need to try brogue, dcss, and spelunky
spelunky is hard af
never heard of it.
mostly california but thru west i believe
after a week of death threats, the 11 &amp; 12 y/o beaumont bulls took a knee again today! and they won 19-0!
how dare folks threaten these beautiful precious kids? never let anyone silence your voice or your conscience for their comfort!
crocs are garbage
slap ya self 2 times my guy, thats heaven for the feet boi
"the history of american cinema is also the history of american racism": and on the movies
you are a fucking pimp and i hope blacks can see that you just exploiting them for hillary
how's it their fault?
a day from making a start now this diagnosis. pretty drastic about-face. he didn't just wake up today w/ulnar nerve issue
edward snowden sparked a global debate &amp; movement for privacy. hear why the world needs more
"hey kid wanna hide out in a siberian government building for a few years?"
just a light unlimited supply of kicks will do
dont forget that nike apple watch as the sweetener
honey, just looked and i am having a denim awakening rn
though i may be poor in lucky brand jackets i am rich in spiritual denim
yessss!! it is no way his fault
i know, you can only do so much when the team is scrambling the half the game
this cools me on the game significantly, unfortunately...
you may also want to check the man vs meeple playthrough/review:
initiative always does it
i was not backing down. the amount money we pay -- i should be able to class hop at my will.
alabama always does this kinda stuff. always. need a punt return for a td? here ya go.
(barrett i am so sorry for doing this) u mad bro why u hate alabama
dt is a billionaire in private sector. obama &amp; clinton only grow gov't &amp; use crony capitalism.
nothing more crony capatilist than kudlow mercer barrack supply side economic plan.
i want some
make sure puts in the good word at - we get a lot of questions about how to get them
shit idk. guys are better
: thats where you messed up . once you degrade yourself &lt;
i pray you don't mean we'll find out on nov. 9 ; )
stuart elliott unleashed
why would that be a problem? it's not a crime to be white and have money. ?
sure, nothing wrong at all. does seem to be a crime to be non-white in trumps eyes though?
lmao hell yeah 10/10 would have most likely tried to hit
hahaha thank you thank you i appreciate that
well said ernest. btw, any relation to the old raiders qb darryl lamonica? been meaning to ask u that.
cousin. not close but got me raider field level tix the whole 70's. partied with alzado. stork. vilipiano. crazy off field as on
but they won't they only care about $$$$ ratings not us, not the truth, not reporting, days r gone
tell the truth. tune in msnbc sunday :00am for joy.
eva, grace and chad! have an excellent day
awesome as always fj hagd
what's your lilith in
i'm not well versed in erotic astrology lol but i'll look it up
ps music: eight new gaming playlists and more - streaming now on spotify. listen here:
does this mean we get free play stations?
also, no drinking , no smoking, no distractions . it's like brain surgery that way .
yes and it's pretty tiring. i realized i was getting pooped so put it down for the day. hard work
i know it's early but are you checking the michigan vs colorado game. crazy saturday
definitely another wild saturday
i love that technique i'm gonna take a mental note for future use
too drunk to download it again, clearly this only works at very specific levels of inebriation
i count six teslas (and two i3s) at the tennessee valley trailhead. oh, san francisco...
tesla count, five hours later, only the one. but way more priuses - apparently tesla owners get out earlier than prius-ers.
this happened in jerusalem 1099: xns took city to bring jesus back, when no return, said we took city to bring antichrist...
thanks -- have you a paper abt this?
i know, at least i heard you're "buh bye", so i'm good. lol
it was so crazy today i'm not sure
i've locked myself out of my room 7 times in 3 weeks
make that 8
that moment you realize the band is playing shine blockas and this might be the best wedding ever. .
hahaha is that the official wedding hash
rt to win: urban decay naked illuminated (must be following me so i can dm winner)
i love how i rt things i don't necessarily wang i just want more people to follow you
night with ?
is a night to remember .
yeah that's cool. i heard you before it cut out
i'm already feeling....hyphy.
seriously, that's all you needed to watch. i also watch the first louisville td and knew it would be a blow out.
just hoping around before i head out to the stadium
thank you so much, chad!!
you bet clara
"sign language"
good one. kudos.
four minutes into a 1989 doc about the design competition for washington library: "on evenings and weekends, the loop is deserted."
when did the washington library open? early 90s? i vaguely remember reading about it opening when i was at uofc
next rounds on you
what's your venmo
trump distorts clinton's immigration position in pitch to grieving families | ap photo
the only distorter here is you. the worst, you doing it as a hack of lying hillary
drix and i looking for 2 for the 2k tomorrow
myslef and is zach is down
full after two oysters. lol
yummy!!! cocktails?
the poor, middle-income, &amp; upper-income do...less $ spent in our society = lower living standards, fewer jobs, less $ 4
&amp; all other public spending - spending on our society...wealthy live by principle : take everything from everybody...the
(i think it's two words... ;-)
well take that.
stop copying basquiat lol
@ white "artists"
my journalism job will be the guy who gets paid to tell kids these are the new journalism jobs
"enhanced reporter" is not a google image search for everyone
billy walsh is holidaying in ireland right now so we caught up with the man himself for an in-depth chat earlier:
thanks for asking my question on whether he's been to an nfl/baseball game yet
tweeting from my rusty cage.
that bird looks plucked!
second episode done. i have to say, the show is pretty fucking boring &amp; dull considering the premise.
the editing seems off
i just got home and my computer decided to update now so i'm not watching i just need to know if dan/dan skated to like bump n grind or smth
sam smith's "lay me down"
i'm both! and have a show tonight! and it's because i'm horribly broken!
i have a show tonight too and i gotta do this on an empty stomach after drinking for 14 hours yesterday on that damn boat
fitting that one of my weekend chores was to hang 's "virginia woolf" painting (over the bar, natch).
(rip edward albee)
i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
stay focused you are on a roll!
my journalism job will be the guy who gets paid to tell kids these are the new journalism jobs
i'm about to add "enhanced" to every job i've ever had. enhanced grocery carry out. enhanced mcassociate.
fish are friends.
next time i see a fish it's fade on sight.
good night guys.
sweet dreams
how do you like them?? i was tempted, but worried about sizing. &gt;__&gt;
so comfy
will there be a german edition of terraforming mars?
yes, from schwerkraft!
certain no need to highlight delivery mechanism - maybe audio programs?
or audio shows? they used to be radio shows, now they're audio shows.
you r an awesome writer, love sharing that.
why thank you leanne!
this is how everyone should view life.
one of the best twitter accounts ever.
how do you like them?? i was tempted, but worried about sizing. &gt;__&gt;
i used my converse size and it was perfect
next time i see a fish it's fade on sight.
mf's wanna eat bait but not stick around.
all juniors please vote for your favorite possible theme for junior banquet!!
my finger slipped and voted for the great gatsby. idek wut the great gatsby is
demo'd at . loved it! bought a copy and scored their last copy of terraforming mars! on a roll!
you rock, thanks!!!
does that mean no stopping at lonavala? i'll take the deccan queen in that case
or you can go to lonavla in 30 seconds ;-)
poll average: vs. .
i really don't understand how crooked hillary is still leading.
pull up tonight homie
idgaf bout the weed i'm jus saying
i really want to produce the next season of vh1
hope you make it better!
idk man we have different cultures so how do people do that
they think all brown ppl are one race
thanks chad!! :) how's your week?
glad it's the weekend. you?
when did the washington library open? early 90s? i vaguely remember reading about it opening when i was at uofc
i went once to check it out..interior &amp; exterior design both felt sort of uninviting
nah i'm note saying in my eyes, in the coaches eyes. i always feel like i can be better than my competition
: you feel like you can be better . bt are you proving that youre better than them ?
well, the original bolero is like fifteen minutes don't.give.them.ideas
how dare you even mention this
what book is this
i think it's called milk and honey or something like that
good, huh? i'm proud of how he deals with things.
russell, where was the original tweet so i can rt it? great video, and your son is so handsome and sweet.
neither one of the clinton's are mentally fit , they're just fronts for foreigners who will rule america
hope that doesn't happen. both clintons belong in the nuthouse not white house
i'm fine ty i hope you're doing welli've been very busy
me also today. still traveling?
my journalism job will be the guy who gets paid to tell kids these are the new journalism jobs
thank goodness we don't need to check the facts anymore
i challenged and to come on the show. they're scared.
"keep on pushin". like curtis mayfield said in the song.
refs screwing bama over
how??????? they just handed you a touchdown!!!
w/ | 92.3fm benin! | : "all in my head (flex) ~ x " |
brand new tune
when did our school get a bakery?
idk but it taste good bruh
interesting editorial in the highlights skepticism around micro units
though see 's good suggestion of affordable housing over parking.
i wonder what people actually think about me
writing 10/10 tweets 11/10 beard 9/10
lol it was crazy
gotta be like sir you wanna swing through my ex block real quick w/ that same move. ..
was a pleasure meeting today at the salem, nh gop office. he's a very gracious gentleman.
miss u at the wedding lol
an anxious introvert in the hours before a party:
hey, sorry i can't make it, but have a great time!
haha that is so adorable!
thank you!
donald trump just made his most direct comment yet about violence against hillary clinton
trump is a fucking mental case.
will the real team usa please stand up...please stand up.
they are either sitting at home not on this roster or in the press box and not on the woeful power play.
because, deep down, we all want to be some permutation of elvis. whoever we idealised when we 1st felt the fire
i think for me personally i just wanted people to know what actual pain looked like
the high line is my favorite part of nyc! love it there. prospect park in brooklyn is worth the trek too! have fun!
cool. love it too
we need your support to get to the white house and defeat . let's make america great again!
why are you jailing reporters. freedom of the press is in the constitution.have you read it??? shameful
that the eliminations don't include "bye bye bye" is a travesty.
that would be so awesome!!
hello there did you get the letter ??
nothing to my house mate and not in the parlour until tomorrow 9.30am
fuse odg,killbeatz - thinking about u (feat. killbeatz): on -
brand new tune
. newborn boy today ? that b wut my house say but to mode-off he's justa ballpark fade. welcome back for jda
newest trojan horse gonna leave it on your lap but yeah yeah yeah ,,, he's sleepin 4 will dance. j
going on a lil a theme park adventure w my homies
what theme park are u going have fun
why i will board the over supporting hillary clinton, part 1 .
media props up hillary
..calling those who disagree with them racists is a dim weapon that no longer works..they are the racists..return fire.
agree, they are racists, spin everything
a bit weird when people hate on &lt;components&gt; for non-ui related stuff like fetching but totally ok w/ higher order components for same thing
i just sent out a proposal for a &lt;fetch /&gt; with children render fn for post-xhr complete. it's legit i think.
my dms crack me up i must be doin something right if ppl think my ass is fake
would you consider that a compliment
enjoy your evening....
that could get you in a lot of trouble!
well i for one always have the energy for a two-part deep dive in to the huff post. if you do too, here you go
what time is the deep dive?
fun watching explosions
canelo or liam smith tonite???? your fans want to know.....
they are punk rock. they go way back
they also fucking suck, sooo
your new photo is so cute &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
thanks! took it~!!
&amp; all other public spending - spending on our society...wealthy live by principle : take everything from everybody...the
wealthiest top 1% received 9% of usa's total income 1948-1981...right now to 1% take about 23% of our total income.
i don't know why but i find this so funny!
hahhahaha it is funny like tf is wrong with guys
fucking shit yo
que papi in that avi
fall brawl 1998 finish, my god what a clusterf***
hogan/warrior 2? lols
a good bf. and arrow took that and went from not great to be in a relationship with to a literal monster
also a piss poor parent. the only person he ever really committed to is hal
atta girl...that's how the jesus lizard did it. now the first asshole to grab the mic stand..puke on his face
lol i don't use stands
and then i fell in the mulch and had that on me for the rest of the time, thankful for dk coming through with that lint roller
i hate it when that happens to me! falling in the mulch is the worst!
mike pence releases medical information, has 'very good and strong heart'
he does not have a good heart. his heart is full of hate.
i never get the chance
: maybe you should show out in practice &amp; work 10xs harder than the next man . quitting is just letting your talent go to waste
definitely not rb lmao
forte is better than anderson
thank you for attending
this has been a terrific meeting. better every year!!
he exploits one position (e.g. birtherism) while exploring other competing ones until he finds a more attractive alternative
like a worm probing for weaknesses.
does anyone think lyla may not be connor hawke's mother? (i just have a bad feeling about this story.)
another stupid baby mama drama?
proud of you ! is getting a wonderful young lady!
thank you !! really appreciate everything that you have done !
violating some terms of service blah blah blah
idiocy - google books has a copy of the 1933 call book - i guess they don't want competition
john just told me what the side to side lyrics are really about and i'm not okay right now
educate me
sometimes it feels like is watching me. rehearsal...
looking a little ruff there jimmy. you stud!!!!!!
0, beat them to the punch.
they've already beat me :(
i don't believe uneducated dirt poor white women have rights in their homes. their men make decisions, imo
barefoot baby factories?
let's be clear: nothing-including an audit-is preventing trump from releasing his tax returns.
it is like as far as telling the truth about the emails you deleted, the phones you had smashed or lost.
here's what i've learned after speaking to numerous medical experts about medical situation:
what about the videos &amp; photos showing needing physical assistance during the campaign?
happy saturday! our weekend is kid's games &amp; bday parties.
hi darling! hope you saturday is great! we want to see you soon. i love the new music, you are so blessed love you doll!
but honey, what's up??
just really bad day....trying not to cry. why do others think i am a good person &amp; the person who should think it doesn't
you guys are goons
miss you man! come up soon
what lesson do you believe you need to learn from it?
always squish mosquitos because they will sting you, even when you're looking right at it.
give me a shoutout
chunk fuck off
safely aboard the millennium falcon
along with phil kessel and tyler johnson.
henry is so salty about not getting shoes he made a video lmao
henry is a fuckin legend
yassss! that's my conference! congrats nae!
thanks tyler !! it's littt lol
u ate that set last night!!!!!
i had to play to make that dress shake! you were beautiful last night. thank you for dancing.
hi nir! can external triggers truly be habit-forming? external triggers may eventually create an internal trigger, an itch. agree?
they don't create the habit, they help form an association
he harped on that for years.
2015: 43% of repubs, 15% of dems, 29 percent of independents think obama is muslim. trump has done great damage
so it'll be a while before it reaches the uk
it's a place that has a real simple menu. few options, animal style fries adds sauce. (yum)
lost my 5411th pair of ray ban aviators. why tf am i even considering copping a new pair today?
same. cheap at costco
is buying vc down for anyone else on ps4? help.
just go to playstation store and search it that's how i bought mine
oh you should...they make great weapons...
i already a hand and a mic.and long nails
weekend reading! so excited for this ya murder mystery set in kenya!!
i want my paws on this one too!
safeguarding police not a priority for cop loathers obama or loretta lynch. to busy commuting prison sentences.
commute a sentence, get a vote for the democrats!
he harped on that for years.
if there were a law "crimes against democracy" trump would be spending a long time behind bars.
this is some of the worst pr samsung could get: "galaxy note 7 warnings on flights"
from my app
tools like api blueprint and swagger make it easy to consume and read documentation, but writing that is a huge chore.
yaml plus precompiler is the way to go
what's an easier job: parking lot owner or journalism professor
some of those are words
thanks! it was buried beneath a night of sports-tweeting. (jim is btw):
retweeting and following jim now! thanks, russell!
how high is the sky?
it goes all the way to the end
the first gift to me, 2001. put the last period on my first book, drove to borders in hyannis and dropped $230...
hmmmm listening to...thought i had them all
read also: the twelve planet by zechariah sitchin.
interesting, then there's this...
what about "shawty"
that too for sure
awesome. tech starts today. spacing rehearsal. the roda is huge. i hope i can catch .
- what are you doing for the show?
i don't know about your hometown but, even regular season games get the anthem shown if it's in a state sports network
new york pal, they don't
dinah took care of the family tbh
despite not being much older than roy she was a good mom
trump will fight to get companies to bring jobs back to america. hillary will fight for her donors and special interests as she always has.
. the new trump hotel in dc is filled top-to-bottom with goods made in china
our actual choreography from ultra..
i'm weakk she got that shit locked down
take that poll again after trump gets 451 straight days of negative coverage like hillary's emails have.
seriously?? fucking seriously!?!! uuggghh!
can't forget coordinate &amp; wonderful
they're all lovely
if we didn't do this we'd be struck with amnesia about how much time and effort is offered to a mostly disinterested crowd.
when i think about unpaid hours logged over the past 15 years i could just cry
bernie campaigning for hillary is such a sad sight.
weekend at bernies .media needs to prop up hillary
you gotta hype me up for it since you'll be getting your copy before me! never read it before
i have, though never a hard copy and its so good.
oregon is up at half. but could be up more. missing freeman, crosby, stanford(?). nebraska can take a lead after halftime. so we'll see.
crosby??
this is darby, the newest family dog. he's a giant irish wolfhound puppy at 5 months old. yup. puppy!
omg. i want one. adore irish wolfhound.
when your team can't work as a damn team
that's how i feel when i solo que in lol
i'll walk on nails before i wear crocs
you already walkin on nails bruh cause you aint bless ya feet
always a delight hanging with you! x
my thoughts exactly. love your light
omg what change ?!?
nasa just announced a new zodiac sign but it ended up shifting all the signs....
dear chad: canaries don't chirp; they sing. and you can put your hands down my pants anytime.
he is adorable - hope he goes far on the show
just got called off of work and it's a saturday night and i have zero plans :)
somebody come cuddle and watch movies w me
i have, though never a hard copy and its so good.
i cry so much
my god what a sh.. finish, sh... choreographed and mindlessly confusing.
ohhhhhhh the smoke thing with warrior.. that led to hogan/warrior 2.
former defense secretary robert gates on
robert gates is describing every political candidate, all politicians are temperamental &amp; uninformed pre-election
also there needs to be a negroni variation called the jabroni
sub campari for faygo redpop
he was told in 1976. response: "i've got a football season to worry about."
in mid-late 90's i started to hate him. you could almost sense something being 80 and carried around like an invalid w/broken hip.
have u gotten your dick stuck inbetween a soup and the spoon?
im actually looking for serious questions so if you have any that would be great if not, please dont ask.
is your tailgate party in h3 open to everyone
open to all. see you tomorrow
thanks for the book :-)
thanks for your interest!
one of my favourite king books.
me too one of my favorites!
really liking new iphone home button so far. seems clear that we'll eventually lose the button completely in favor of pressing the screen.
would need alternative touchid tech then.
you're gonna have to ask for permission on this one
awe man google told me enough
take that poll again after trump gets 451 straight days of negative coverage like hillary's emails have.
qu polling ain't what it used to be. trust me i went there and i worked at polling institute it's not the same
just witnessed a girl get off the train to meet her boyfriend. his face lit up when he saw her and he went to give her a kiss
she proceeded to dub his shit and said are you crazy i'm wearing lip stick. lmfao i feel you girl same
your facts are crap.
my source says otherwise:
wait come out w us tonight
im going 2 webster (im fake)
i wonder what it's like to be appreciated
idk what it like being appreciated? bc all your followers love you
what'd you search?
just type in vc and it will pop up
i want to go to thisssss
let's goto seattle!!!
is this the same guy that was burning his stuff last week?
lol. nope, different guy. a lot of bonfires out there.
wow!! for a 2nd week kept the guy not right for him and rejects the guy who's better. maybe they should send him home
bad dating choices
what's goodie for today
we caught the hoco dub
fuse odg,killbeatz - thinking about u (feat. killbeatz): on -
brand new tune
accidentally (???) elbowed in the face boarding a bus to new jersey. feels very on-brand.
this is the perfect time for one of those "you're doing great" stickers all over the sidewalks
beyond unfriended, are there any good movies about the internet? (pulse isn't really about the internet)
nerve is like 2/3rds of the way to being great
talking to my son on facetime is like watchin blair witch. i can see half of his face while he's runnin through the house with a snot bubble
lol who taught him that?
news flash: 'nantucket red' is pink. i feel like i'm losing my mind here. (ps nantucket is actually really nice.)
properly speaking it's sun-faded red.
sf police union president martin halloran opposes da taking over ois probes. says gascon "biased against cops."
i say turn it over to martin?
i was gassin tf outta her
what's good with her
cause winter is approaching, don't worry about my avi
lmaoooo heard you
the upside of thinking of future mystery incorporated au is imagining emma calling regina nancy drew
also... kinda college age au too right? (i always imagined them as being college age like 20)
i'm crying at how fast this switched
i done got hooked and put on too many different types of bait for these mfs to not want to come eat with me.
all the best to my team tonight let's get the 3 points
best wishes for a speedy recovery!
happy late birthday!
lmao thank u canto
my heart was all a flutter. i was speechless.
did you ask him to choose the blue pill or the red pill?
your facts are crap.
also, i don't see a source there, just a long winded opinion. i have no idea where that is from,
loveeeee your avi, too cute
aww thanks cindy
there is nothing like the feeling of when someone tries to piss you off and it doesn't work and they keep trying hahaha you played yourself
you're just showing me that i'm hella relevant enough to keep talking about me... i'm honored. i love my fans.
happy birthday hope you have a great day
thanks alex!
i kinda blame it on myself for not taking the off-season crazy serious
: see &amp; thats where you got it all wrong
asap of course
lol no i mean which ad lib
agreed. however, nick p gave them a lift mid-year in '15 as well.
he's the aaron rogers post jon wolf era. finds a way to ball out !!
yes. i deny an intermediate state. but doing so doesn't imply physicalism.
right on! i cannot squeeze an ounce of teaching about intermediate states out of scripture.
. on robert gates.
atta boy! remember where these ppl have gotten us! winless war, more racial segregation, foreign &amp; domestic strife
bish it aint april fools
i kid i kid thug life fack bitchez get money
where am i supposed to sleep?
the bathtub
smile welcome engage entice thank
ha! back when i was in retail we had: greet enquire talk investigate thank
exactly why i don't let people in
did they knock first?
- remember great one check out this
awesome singer reminds me of goth minister
i was up all night (and i do mean all night) because a smoke detector that was out of my reach needed a battery change
finally got it today but i had to macgyver the hell out of it to get the thing down (dental floss and a coat hanger were involved)
not enough goth girls at harvard tbh
what about sports goth?
last year, clinton put out an antitrust agenda to reign in corporate concentration. i want to hear more about this.
you can read more about 's views on antitrust/concentration right here:
what's your bar of choice in tuscaloosa, i'll be sure and spend it there
give it to the fine folks at and tell them i send my love
also, i don't see a source there, just a long winded opinion. i have no idea where that is from,
it says brochures are their source? there are no facts there, just claims.
sorry to hear that. are you using any specific service like onemedical/zocdoc?
i was using myhealth online
my truest and best self is walking down the street with a leashed dog in one hand and a slice of pizza in the other
me, i like a leashed pizza and a dog
i'm gonna need you to add the princess diaries if you're gonna raise your monthly subscription prices .
i loved that movie so much i accidently bought it twice on vhs
the number of people at the ceremony today who were telling me i looked gorgeous made me so happy, i didn't even put on makeup aw
it would have been tough matching the shade of mulch you landed in, probably!
hey kg were did you get this? i want to use it in a thumbnail and i want to credit who ever made it
someone just commented this on le serebii forums. not certain who made it
xb1/ps4 7pm et free entry $15 prize 3v3 snd 1nd link here!
need 2 ps4 use skype and don't have an ego thanks!!
he's busy trying to fix america. no time for peons
he's busy trying to start a world far.
i need a new cheap brand of foundation
maybelline fit me is like 4.99 at target (dewy formula looks better than matte, but matte holds better thru out the day)
history already proves me right about trump: his own record of business scams &amp; his violent campaign rhetoric.
his campaign is about the harsh truth. clinton is the one hiring violent protestors!
"my great grandfather killed the man who murdered his mother, it was business &amp; pleasure, saying, "this is for you!"
run vito run!...
ii bet! and yeah we could do that. i gotta find plans for tonight
come to the movies . i wish i knew early because i wanted to see you too but i thought you had plans
can i be real a second? for just a millisecond? let down my guard and tweet the people how i feel a second?
max ash got sick after only tweeting 5. sam escobar tweeted 29. nathan usher tweeted...the other 51.
manga will still have a lot of character details that the anime(s) will leave out of course.
the anime is basically there to make guts look even more bad ass the manga covers everything.
also, i don't see a source there, just a long winded opinion. i have no idea where that is from,
facts are verifiable: name one of your statements that is verifiable &amp; we will look for verification
it inspired the visuals for kali's 'only girl' music video! that one, 'suave', &amp; 'electro movimiento' are my faves by them.
oooo i need to go watch it!
currently 'think happy thoughts' prod. . shouts to trevor
s/o todd bell and for visuals tho...
. on robert gates.
again fox crappy news trying to stir the crap
is a non profit site that search the net 4 minority throwback movie links watch free .
brand new tune
"i 100% peed on my foot"
tbt to when i peed in morgan's hair
trump just promised some dangerous and extreme anti-abortion plans
delete donald from the media
media even discussing this? fraternal order of police endorse donald trump - breitbart
yeah, they are, since trump's alt-right white trash racist supporters hate &amp; kill cops.
facts are verifiable: name one of your statements that is verifiable &amp; we will look for verification
all i hear from you is the same claim that "condoms are good, condoms are safe".
i think the only thing stopping me from using is coffeescript. it kills my productivity so i end up just doing it in the browser.
what's wrong with coffee script? also, you can probably write in js and convert with grunt?
we are college football fans, not spelling bee champions.
. yeah, but the guy was here for 7 years!
halftime oregon 20 nebraska 14. excellent football game but for fans injuries to royce and tyrell cast a cloud.
crosby injury look real bad??
he's busy trying to fix america. no time for peons
he's busy trying to start a world war.
now maybe mets are a special case. but generally need a great reason to declare a certain team as a special exception
unfortunately mets probably had bad injury luck; although they've prob also exceeded expectations over full season
on his birthday, before the 20th anniversary of his murder, i am at a loss as to why people are tweeting me photos of my father's dead body
either out of malice or ignorance
the and its activity log have spoiled me. i hate playing games on other (esp. older) systems + not knowing how long i've played them xd
my god! i thought i was the only person with this problem!
you guys ok? just read about an explosion
thee miles south on the seaside boardwalk. just making traffic a mess &amp; cancelled the pt pleasant seafood festival.
don't forget punic... *ahem*
stray internet suggestion, maybe throw this into one of those fancy new github projects?
eyes on the road ma'am! rt :
i'm not driving
all i hear from you is the same claim that "condoms are good, condoms are safe".
and then you post a blog which basically agrees with your opinion that "condoms are safe".
wagers anyone
me and fios alx
come to the movies . i wish i knew early because i wanted to see you too but i thought you had plans
who you going w?
oh, mg nooooo
i don't know why but i'm so butt hurt about it. i was literally about to get my first tattoo today too
any samples?
i haven't been fishing for them. have been teaching and haven't had time during week for field work when i can get volunteers
today from the premiere with and
canelor or smith tonite????
oh my god. hi. you helped me pick out a nice nail polish for my mom.
haha hii hope she loves it!
yeah cro you high . birkin cost houses nbs
literally
not a makeup artist, but i styled my mom and got her ready for tonight
y'all twins
prayers to you and your family wonny
thank you adara i appreciate it a lot!
morello is the epitome of poise and grace.
tad over the top - directorial advisory
and then you post a blog which basically agrees with your opinion that "condoms are safe".
but where are your facts? blogs =/= facts.
my brother made my car smell like fuckin weed.
put dryer sheets in it. absorbs the scent and gives you a mountain fresh scent.
by pokmon go startup time benchmarks, the iphone 7 seems to be 0% faster. how does a game or app achieve such an accomplishment?
all data loading from cloud. won't even run in airplane mode.
just put my hand around robyn's neck. because that's what we do. white lady looked at me in shock.
lame old lady is lame. choking is sexy.
mhm i want to credit the person for making it, but i havent found the actual sun and moon logo yet ether :/
its probably on the official pokemon sun &amp; moon website
i've probably missed others at
... and ! i think &amp; also did some lovely refactoring and es work post-launch.
pakistan is the mother of and , religious extremism and sectarianism terrorists. it is curse on globe and humanity. down pak
agreed on that
with my socks off and one leg under the blanket
i didn't know your savagery levels were this high
true. but we play shows and put out records. and without a band i'd just be on here even more.
i wish i was dead
there are worse things than leaving the house to find the nyc gay men's chorus singing rent in front of your building.
pretty cool!
we have . out of (get 2 know her) &amp; . &amp; .
we have out of get 2know them
happy birthday to my long time friend!!!!
thank you hope college is treating you well!! math isn't the same without you
can you see this?
sent to your house ,just a thank you for the cards ,ps. buy a scooter.
nothing yet mate
welp, let's see if the russell crowe "robin hood" is as bad as people said.
ugh, living in a time before hair ties must have suuuuuucked.
until tomorrow then back to work
no weekends off
your facts are crap.
it seems you are posting info about rubber gloves. that wasn't even the topic here.
you tweet out for people every evolved tourney bro havent you found people yet lmao
everyone has an ego now days
clinton foundation spent barely 6 percent on charitable grants in 2014:
just now on fox tv a hillary clinton surrogate called trump supporters "mentally deficient"
unfortunately mets probably had bad injury luck; although they've prob also exceeded expectations over full season
teams that lead mlb in staff war tend to be lucky and good
okay rt for a follow
hey did u forget me??
best 350 cw yet imo
crazy nice might have to agree.
so, the urien original thong costume is nowhere to be found in the update? modders - save the costume!
keep that nasty shit out the game developers plz
you guys ok? just read about an explosion
been beaching it most of the afternoon &amp; don't have a lot of info. local morons are blaming it on "some black power thing" ().
i want mine to fit together.
they fit together like a puzzle
whos playing?/meet after maybe?
oliver huntemann hes bae
i've heard of it but they don't exist near us
wonder why prob trash
can we hangout
come to the w hotel party tonighttttt
at least now i can use the phrase "dick bicycle" in everyday life going forward
ahahaha i still don't know if you can
i really am a special snowflake. (psst: all snowflakes are equally special. almost by definition.)
but you're the most equally special
3rd place female raw open and 1st place female teen two in 72kg weight class
very proud of you
has more fans than i thought huh :[l]
you can't lol
is a non profit site that search the net 4 minority throwback movie links watch free .
brand new tune
good morning!
good morning din po
usf student section really needs to up their trash talking game
you can carry the whole team bro, take over
don't get me wrong i worked hard, just not hard enough
: clearly not hard enough bc you aint playing the minutes you want
more current, referenced to cdc, all references clearly listed.
all i see is a claim about "cdc brochures". that is not a citation.
"something hidden in hillary's leg may cost her the election"
it must be chris matthews tingling up the leg
good ones or bad ones?
i don't cook bad food
when someone says that ole miss and alabama is a rivalry.
i get it, it's cause if it was really a rivalry bama might beat ole miss every once in a while, right?
phones at 12% and the night hasn't even begun...awesome
so not industry of you to not have a portable charger
whatever he says his last name sounds german. it always reminds me of 'lieber'
you think bieber sounds german and i'm not lying that's what i heard from a update account
anyone else ready to open some engrams? exotics: 41 legendary: 141
good luck! :d
hailz greggnormally im not into "melody" metal that much,but this is really awesome \m/\m/ thanks man
glad you liked just like introducing people to different music cheers
congrats naae i'm so proud of you
thanks sis !
god bless us netflix! my personal favourite... once brothers
very good one, mine so far is of miracles and men, miracle on ice from the russians perspective.
more current, referenced to cdc, all references clearly listed.
also, it is off topic. that post is about rubber gloves. it does not address the facts.
i hate to judge based on the little i saw but he was on crutches.
thx. hard to tell from afar obviously in press box. yikes, crutches. not good. young guys need to continue to step up.
i think you have to be crazy to begin with. horror doesn't prosper in a healthy mental environment.
i'm using that as the explanation of why i don't like horror!
file under duh but: what's the difference between a live-aboard &amp; a houseboat
a live-aboard is anyone that lives on their boat, regardless of type.
when i am with my best friend at her house, she is often on my ipad scrolling through memes.
it's true though!! i've never seen anyone talk about charts outside of twitter. ppl act like that truly matters to the public
any excitement about this magic mike night tonight has been replaced with a chilling fear that one of the strippers might grind on me
stay strong and grind free, grace
america the plunderer / by tim egan
tomothy has been really great this cycle.
lol they really been out there tho
they can't tailgate anymore they got ban it get too rowdy lol
you must not care about roe v wade or citizens united .
you must not care about the millions hillary's warmongering helped kill in iraq, honduras, libya, syria &amp; yemen
that's my reality
that's so ass
our reporter was arrested today outside a trump event - for doing his job
but the media keeps targeting hillary......wow.
yeah, like a mullet
no if it touches your neck you ain't a man
"don't forget us little people now that you're a superstar" :)
rofl that was a couple years ago, my star has fallen
seeing all the tweets from my fellow physical educators and sharing lessons and ideas. huge jump forward for our profession.
couldn't agree with you more!
more current, referenced to cdc, all references clearly listed.
"more current", meaning a later published date? nigga please.
let's go! game day in the boro.
i love that there is a meme option
10%? why are percentages always even and not odd
good people don't design with the 1% in mind
really? you're an idiot.u must be illegal cuz those are the only people he has an issue with.
haha well first off, i'm white. and second, you think i'm "an illegal" because i don't support trump. cool.
oh no! an animal pooped in my frozen moss pussy!
lol nawsss! good one!
dejonte o'neal breaks the longest kickoff return by a bulldog this season with a 33 yarder. the 'dogs will start at their drive at the fs34.
this horrible is there any coaching or practice during the week? do something!
would love to hang out :)
yessssss!!!!! echo liz &gt;&gt; list
like i was mad about the last update but i got used to it bc it all made sense and was actually really organized
but this is atrocious and not user friendly at all and this font is killing me its so ugly
but simply that person does not see the reality of things.
too bad i am married to that person
trump routinely forces reporters into pen, uses dangerous lies to incite his thugs
never trumps hate
lol. you're literally the poster-child for parse. how did i miss that?
for mongo technically :)
ugh, living in a time before hair ties must have suuuuuucked.
what mumford &amp; sons nonsense is this.
oh, here we effing go again. - can you just shut your goddamned whining up for two days in a row?
surprised you're here tweeting. shouldn't you &amp; your nazi spawn be spiffing up for tonight's klan rally?
so this probably goes without saying but london has fallen is real bad and makes me upset about bad narratives in fpss and why also
why can't we tell better war stories?
love this old blue construction hat dudes too
they're architects doing punch lists. that's a thing. hard hat + suit = architect
morello is the epitome of poise and grace.
shoulda been the new harley
so smooth. dolphin island (feat. adriano moreira, sheng fei lu &amp; michael ning) by eiji kadota on .
very good playlist. listen to "miss ko: gma winners i wish to collaborate with" on .
where is that from?
the california academy of science museum in golden gate park.
how do you score 18 tds in 3 games wtf
you just gotta be a beast
meanwhile i'm googling the street corner to see how to get to the concert. still happening? family appropriate?
e7th and 3rd, but it's winding down now :)
u know it. wines in the pic. we have been shopping since yesterday and doing all these snap chats. fo u get mine?
no, didn't get yours.. waiting for my new iphone 7, have a temp phone right now..;-(
wearing ignite shorts by after lounging by the pool... a little dickslip
this is wrong ...
i know i heard the same.
yeah i find it so cute that he is though
i'm bout to unfollow you
lol it's not that sears
who you going w?
kiara i don't want any male attention today (that's until i get that wya text) come let me know we going to 86th
i'm a frickin sheep whisperer all i said was "please stop for a pic" &amp; he even gave me different angles to work with
i cant get my kid to do this...
lmfao fuck that
werd fuck that shit
hopefully it's `if err != nil`, otherwise it's gets real ugly. i personally like it over exceptions, but to each their own.
yeah i caught that right after i "hit send". though i do think nil on the left of == is cute avoid of "foo=nil" accidental assgn
quick has made 3 huge stops. or it would be a blowout.
don't even know how he got the one on tatar.
i didn't realize a syracuse offense was even allowed to do something like this anymore.
yet, losing by 2 scores
yes to which one l?
you ask too many questions
u know it. wines in the pic. we have been shopping since yesterday and doing all these snap chats. fo u get mine?
2 days of shopping.. you go!!! can't wait to see what you bought ;-)
i cant use skype rn or i would
don't u have any kind of headphones that u can use and put ur headset above ur headphones
if haven't seen these kids yet, they need to!!!
that's my sister's neighborhood!
they're all on meth, live in brooklyn and are total hoes or both
freak here, uws
what's with this breathe app on watchos 3? as if i'd forget.
names leaves the app open for ridicule but if it introduces mindfulness to a larger audience that'll be a good thing.
that's a dense read for a saturday.
it's been on my bucket list forever. loving it so far but each page takes lots of re reading. have you read it?
totally shocked came out as flat as it did. pretty awful and embarrassing effort so far.
they may not win a game in this group
cocoapods documentation vs devs with opinions of their own on how to bootstrap projects (which is fine!)
yeah, but you can't complain about the system if you do it the easy way.
if there is a shooting at my job it is fuck this job and saving my own ass
hell nah! at my work they told us flat out lmao get the fuck out
the only people who care about charts are stans and record labels. and only one of these groups are paid to care.
you coulda fooled me! the amount these kids talk about it you'd think their light bill depended on it
omg! it's my first time here but i love it
i used to work a few blocks from there so i went pretty often. it's great!
you must not care about the millions hillary's warmongering helped kill in iraq, honduras, libya, syria &amp; yemen
you also must not care of the millions more likely to be killed by her warmongering or threat to obliterate iran
am i more joey or chandler? i swear to god, if you say ross i will block you so fast it will make your head spin.
chandler--you are looking at your phone ;) a bing--ism!!
is a non profit site that search the net 4 minority throwback movie links watch free .
brand new tune
innovative at
i will be happy to pursue our chat tonight! send me mp!
i have both bicycle enthusiasts and literal tor developers following me, i'm not a good friend.
i bet you have figurative tor developers following you too. and wannabe bicycle enthusiasts.
corny niggas don't impress me
lmao that's all you go for tho
how do people do flights longer than 6hours?!?!
first class w/ lie flat seats. lots of sleeping. movies also help :)
woop! woop! congratulations! don't name it bobby!
hey what the hell
damn, just watched surf with his iphone 7 and stream it live on facebook. i like this future.
i gotta remember to try this on my next track day.
hard ass pic bro damn lol
boy is truth
need to talk to you both in san antonio (and ) about this wrt descensus.
looking forward to it.
fasho bro
imma hit you up soon as i get settled in fam
i've tweeted this quote before, but this is exactly the sense i get when i listen to hillary clinton speak.
doesn't fool us but libs are so dumb
just landed in san francisco for the opening tomorrow night at...
can't wait to see you tonight
as an over educated deplorable one, i'm offended!
over educated is unbelievable if ur a trumpster. trump's putin's puppet-owes russia $650 million.
damn she roasted lol
had me dying
flannel season every season
you follow her wtf
that's what i said!!!!
thanks so much angels
when you get almost 5 inches cut off
you still look stunning. i'm just a fan of super long hair xd
finally a lie is a "lie" in headline. with only 51 days left to stop the liar.
congrats times 4 finally growing a spine now how about trying to catch up to &amp; dig into
is it shorts or pants weather out there?
it is both chilly and hot so...
yo this is us lmao
thats gonna be us tn
cats need to get lined up on defense and play harder. offense has some good things going on in the first half. go cats!!
save us, coach.
damn the highlights in my hair are fully gone now....gotta wait another year to bring edcilos back
the lord has answered my prayers
and not because of . i'm not sure what's better. hashes or econ. just finished my last paper.
finishing one's last paper is sweet ;^}
this is my first time listening to this album and i was not expecting this
instant classic tbh
when customizing your captain in , what options would you like? height or body types? masks? maybe helmets or hats? let us know!
3+ gender options, 5+ skin tones, sweet clothes and insignia.
you know you have lost the will to do anything in life when you don't care about getting your eyebrows done anymore.
cough cough following in my foot steps
why can't we tell better war stories?
i'm 100% certain that london has fallen was birthed when a hollywood exec found a discard cod script and then got punched by gerard butler.
is a non profit site that search the net 4 minority throwback movie links watch free .
brand new tune
fashion! spent my young days in hollywood
that's so wonderful. my early years were spent in fashion, textiles and retail industry.
what else have they done
use google. every year there are odd medical diagnoses after a player was cleared. see matz, harvey &amp; all of the position guys.
tonight could be the night we see finally do it.
i want tt to dive just to see this.
money-obsessed no-irony dead-inside rihanna really is the most american singer in pop music
the fact that she's a bajan immigrant makes her even *more* american than, say, louisiana-born britney spears
every time i'm feeling myself i question why i'm single like??? y
lmaoo, you are single because you haven't found someone worth your time!
cnn uses landline poll to show black support for hillary when 90% of blacks have obama phones
is great!thanks jesse for exposing,once again,exactly what libs think of us.too stupid to see thru their !
i'll puncture you.
come own baby!
i went almost 21 years without eating taco bell
it was a subpar experience
it does tend to show up a lot; here are a couple of articles that might help:
thanks for that. at least with returning different types of errors, the case statement can handle different errors. ...
what mumford &amp; sons nonsense is this.
omg that's right bae* is in this!!!!!!! *- denotes oscar isaac
thx ! i love them! where can i buy more?! and thx for including me in doc!
daughter moving to bushwick i have a place to stay fright night
i need to figure out what i'm gonna do for my bday
but i also have no friends so rlly what can i do hahahaha
the op was changed midway through a one cour series. there's no way this wasn't intentionally bad.
that was so awful, i love it
packing up for the bay.. sf we gon be lit the next few days
this mean you'll be at the do over tomorrow?
i'm in philadelphia for the weekend. i'll be seeing them tomorrow
you dirty foot lmao have fun though!
kkk dems have fooled blacks into voting for a party whose policies create their own slavery &amp; demise.
yes, for many years too. some are thinking for themseves at this point
practicing paradiddles
wow you better be metering it right i am a ruthless teacher
come on down harry, you're missing one eye! reid in nasty battle with trump over weight, injury |
isn't the politician in the movie casino supposed to be harry reid ?
being washed or the steak house part ?
brazilian steakhouse
question! who's the best nfl player ever from your favorite college team?
willis mcgahee
did you see that?
i haven't seen it. it seems to be pretty popular.
thats what i thought lmao. no way he stays a qb. we all know what happens to hb's that throw.
he looks way too small as he is now to be nfl qb. needs to gain at least 25 pounds
very good playlist. listen to "miss ko: gma winners i wish to collaborate with" on .
he's a little like a chinese tori amos with the piano. listen to listen up by eason chan on .
hands down! akiko's restaurant &amp; sushi bar - 431 bush st, at mark ln. -
on it. thank you!
if you get random "jxdx21 is typing" notifications, i'm probably not really typing to you. my phone is really having problems.
yeah totally got this
they'll surely hire roger machado?
president says (swears) fbio carille stays until the end of the year, hard to believe but, we'll see it
so sad this is fake...
how do you know it's fake? i just ordered like three
same. there are still many nights where i feel like i'm still like my five yo self and monsters will kill me
so much same!
when and got the same snap story
yeah we like matching
i'm always down for the bass in no interruption tho like you should've seen me i was in awe cause of
thanks!!
so where do we find (in bible or teaching of the fathers) that we should determine what is sinful?
we have no other choice. we are always deciding.
tldr people don't pay for software anymore and the broken biz model of email apps in the store means they live and they die
i like inbox. they have money :) maybe the new app store sub pricing will revive productivity app market. but most use whatever.
sad to admit that i am enjoying the 3-0 score for team europe over usa. usa hockey is a joke with torts and that roster.
i'm smilin' like a butcher's dog
i am glad to hear this. i've been wanting to see it, but a couple of friends hated it and gave me pause.
it reminded me of tfa in that it feels something between a sequel and a reboot. if you like the original you should like it.
for non users of condoms, if you were to raped it be bad if the guy used a condom?
hiv in africa due to jews doing . male circumcision spreads hiv
crazy maureen dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing , pretends she knows me well--wrong!
you are an open crazy book
andre and i fed giraffes and it was the greatest thing ever!!
it licked andre on the back of his head lmao
is it too early in the day to take a nap
never too early
she's &amp; and ready this woman is just so damn beautiful i got lucky as hell let me tell you
dis my baby
mute the tv lol
pretty sure he's got his chest painted red under that cheap suit
i love you guys
we love you
i honestly thought yung thug was trying to be obatala wearing this on his album cover. maybe i think too abstractly?
him and travis scott both look like video game characters on their album covers
feel free. i like certain kinds of horror. they soothe me. because i am crazy.
i get that. my crazy is different, and horror makes me very uncomfortable
it reminded me of tfa in that it feels something between a sequel and a reboot. if you like the original you should like it.
i have an admittedly low bar for horror movies though.
fuck else is there to do rite
i don't know i have 4 1000-word book reviews to write and i couldn't sleep because of it last night.
these cbssn announcers hahahaha
verne has been ass for years
nerve is 3/3rds of the way great
third act is a mess but didn't ruin the experience, still the best movie i saw all summer
my auntie must be high asf. she scared tf outta me lol.
what. in. the. actual. fuck.?
this is the second time. the secret service should arrest this maniac. he is inciting violence against his opponent
this is fool who just hired his 11th. security firm plus secret service.
got7 &lt;flight log : turbulence&gt; album preview #
what is happening how did this what
is a non profit site that search the net 4 minority throwback movie links watch free .
brand new tune
emma - love to hear more re w/ your community. our founder will be there ^peter
awesome! thanks! i'll be sure to look out for him! what you guys do seems interesting :)
trump distorts clinton's immigration position in pitch to grieving families | ap photo
that man simply cannot tell it like it is for the life of him. it's like an exaggeration or a lie is his automatic response always
just ordered the most viral shirt of trump '16 campaign to support mr. trump
i am not sure how you can support man who has raped &amp; taken advantage of so many people. why?
el-amin gets 9 yrs for dallas bbq assault: anti-gay hate crime now seen as one about heavy sentences for poc
way too harsh
hiv in africa due to jews doing . male circumcision spreads hiv
the man in africa will use his jewish mutilated penis to rape women and spread hiv.
yesssss! it's such an underrated movie and the same to be said for jake gyllenhaal.
i remember reading reviews being pretty harsh on it, but i'm realizing movie reviewers are getting pretty darn cynical
did you get the install to complete? i'm stuck at the same place as you :/
solved it: i use jettison to manage external drives and it was unmounting the installer on restart
"great startup employees don't want a guarantee of success, they want a guarantee of an adventure."
first impression of yc office hours on stage at : founders must abandon all pride. brutal honesty!
i've walked every commercial corridor in vancouver that's not across a bridge. now exploring alleys.
that's a wide alley.
no matter what character he plays he's gonna make you fall for him every freaking time. my feels rn
love this collage !!
gday gregg &amp; all
hi sharon how are you
final: red sox 7, 4.
see you next year! try to make the others feel your wrath!
erik jones wins xfinity race, fourth win of the year.
was so close!!! really wished the 42 didn't scrape the wall on the last lap.
how much would you pay for a live camera with full audio on nick saban at halftime? i'd go $1k easy.
bama halftime line still - 2 1/2. thoughts?
better than a predictable "falldown"
i'd prefer a physical stumble due to passing illness to constant mental stumbles due to hubris.
registering for your wedding is tedious as fuck.
but then you don't get weird gifts like amy winehouse's head modelled out of clay and stuck on a pipe (true story)
and maybe i'm wrong but i think the app should be able to simply allow itunes usb backup to backup and restore actual podcast files.
they must use the caches directory rather than the documents directory (which kind of makes sense).
for non users of condoms, if you were to raped it be bad if the guy used a condom?
i guess you are telling rape victims to ask their rapists to "wear a condom"?
"a large contingent of prominent jewish republicans has decided to commit political suicide."
except for her time she needed ny jewish vote (for senate) hillary has always been anti-israel
im seeing hamilton happy birthday to me
ahhh text me when you come up here
there's a moment you know you're fucked
is this spring awakening or a crisis
kiara i don't want any male attention today (that's until i get that wya text) come let me know we going to 86th
lmaooo oh okay! cool what time?
first things first, welcome back. more importantly, could you tell us where we could grab a few pies of your world class pizza ?
only at azzurro's in mineola
we cannot allow ourselves to be divided by the bigoted, xenophobic hysteria the republican party has concocted.
ur an ass ur done so go home and shut up
art is hell
it's not even my art
called report to a snf the one day.. nurse told me she had 14 patients and 1 aids to herself..
i worked at an ltac for a year: everyone was vented w/wound vacs. i had 10-14/shift. many lessons learned
he's a little like a chinese tori amos with the piano. listen to listen up by eason chan on .
another dramatic song. i have 1990's movie theme songs queued up next. listen to twilight by jj lin on .
it was funny. like she feared for robyn's life. but didn't care enough to do anything.
typical episode of "what would you do"
we will be seeing the forced fumble stat a ton this season.. this youngster can hit!
thank you boss!!
i'm at a bar that i'm 98% sure is playing the forrest gump soundtrack and tbh i'm not mad about it.
i just overheard the bartender confirm my suspicions, i knew this because i am a baby boomer trapped in a 33-year-old's body
trump isn't at all antisemitic, but nevertrump gop jews are nonetheless burning all their bridges to him with their hysteria.
except for her time she needed ny jewish vote (for senate) hillary has always been anti-israel
for non users of condoms, if you were to raped it be bad if the guy used a condom?
christians reject jewry. christians reject ritual genital mutilation of males &amp; females
did they explain the 3 seashells in this one?
what. you mean why it mattered to him? the point was that they reminded him of his wife
that was too saucy 4 me
i'm struggling to think of a pun to respond with... the pastapibilities of what i could say is endless...
that's morris' 10th goal and lodeiro's 7th assist.
meanwhile innocent emeghara makes more than both of them :-)
oh snap! garry kasparov smacks dimwit good on twitter via
remember when state sent all those avg.american sized condoms to the dinsehi tribe for there little dsouzas?
traceys hilarious gotta read his tl a few times for the comedic value. takes himself so serious while failing badly
i hate name calling but that dude is by far the dumbest of the bros on here, literally.
i have the new cd, its good
i as well good stuff love kiske
was just creeping on your twitter and you're such a pothead
not surprised tho
i'm heated i bought my family pizza and went to take a shower and when i got out they hadnt saved me any wtffff
i'll bring you a shake after work ?
im ready!!!!!!! its gonna be a good time!
that's gonna be a shitshow
dr. oz is not a journalist. he is a reality tv jagoff. he didn't say trump is healthy. "if i had a patient with these results"
i did not see the show. all i know from media matters is that dr. oz read from a paper that trump gave him.
i like how he looks at the camera after making the tackle lmao. he looks great. how old is he?
he's 8 yrs old, always stuntin' for the camera! lol
research is essential rt : "without quality data, we're all just a bunch of doctors with opinions."
listen closely to patients. you may then find answers.if u don't then patient will. true story!
when "i'm here" comes on shuffle and you can't help but shed that one single tear on the overcrowded 1 train.
&amp; then one of your old contextual listening excerpts from music theory plays next and you shed a completely different kind of tear...
scream that into your phone and send it to me and i'll put it somewhere in a new song.
aight. i'll do it when i get to the space (which btw is a 45 minute walk because i'm even too broke for the bus lmao)
another dramatic song. i have 1990's movie theme songs queued up next. listen to twilight by jj lin on .
so mandarin chinese pop love songs segue naturally into the love theme from titanic and whatnot.
do i watch the whole game or go to church instead
i'm attending the church of nascar this evening
who are you
hes my sassy dad z
oh anneit's hard to express how disappointed i am in you. i can understand you being a mets fan (kinda) but the sawx
sorry! if it helps i root for the , and too oh and the -- though obviously not now
happy pinot noir picking day. stay fab
very exciting. enjoy! hello everyone. have a nice weekend.
saw a fox promo for the post-season and it is still cool to see the royals from last year, even if they're not in it this year.
there's still a chance.........
. the struggle was so so real in nola. this is mile 18. i finished flying.
great leap!!
nope, i'm the nerd at the table nearby completing the tech circle jerk by tweeting about it all
please tweet a pic of your food for full combo bonus
you know what would be really interesting? a "recreational" drug that increases or decreases weird emotions like disgust
then you'd throw disgusting parties where everyone tripping on disgust drugs would touch peeled grapes while blindfolded and stuff.
i went on a date like this once
did you climb out the bathroom window?
well, you're writing about it-- still yer art.
thanks buddy.
use that second pic in your dating profile and you'll be lord of tinder.
no more rhyming now, i mean it
with tyler johnson
and phil kessel.
idiots like you are the cause of increasing hiv infections in 3rd world countries
no, that'd be the jews.
do not say that , honey. you're a good person, you just have to prove it.
i don't have to prove it. he should know. ugh, i give up. today sucks &amp; i give up.way too tired to keep trying to be happy
yeah definitely budgeting a divorce attorney into my retirement plan. assuming we make it that far. if not that's more money for me.
you're such an optimist
you gotta get past the 1st season. 3 is when it really starts to get good.
they made me sad and i ate the whole pint of ice cream :(
it's been an honor to have amazing educators share their stories with me this year. "my bad"
that's because you're a pretty stellar guy.
a common symptom of rabies is fatigue. does trump have rabies?
bubonic rabies?
after the jean incident, i don't doubt it
i still owe you lettuce
first impression of yc office hours on stage at : founders must abandon all pride. brutal honesty!
the advice are giving are ones i learned early in consulting: use small words, don't bury story, focus.
afternoon hack project? make a simon game out of these arcade buttons...
you're making great use of that nap time
imagine being so stupid that you would not only wear that but permit your photo to be taken while doing so.
that's why speech is free. no one in their right mind would pay for something like that.
oh you're coming, prepare the liver
it shall be prepared (liver emoji)
this whole convo is so funny. dying.
i mean i usually just snuggled in with my cats&amp;then we got one who thought i was'his'
any good shows worth watching on netflix? i'm out of shows to watch help
there's really nothing on to watch on tv
i love it when a plan comes together
you still in town?
you've got to understand the difference between fashion and fash. get a dictionary.
please.. share. technology that runs fashion businesses vs. fashion products that use technology
i'm leaving the chat bc you're not tainted.
tainted? bahah what?
love !have to start my week without her
with her..!!!.autofix mercury retro palm 2 face
the devil will try to confuse you the devil will try to mislead you that's why,you need to be strong in christ be wise be righteous blessed
put on the whole armor of god, that you may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. ephesians 6:11
let's see how many retweets this pic of shaped like poop can get
my entire country is a burning trash-fire... i need out of here... haaaalp.
donald sold himself mattresses made in china as well as many other items in his germany bank owned hotel.
dude is going to file bankruptcy nov 9th
it's kindve hard but really fun
it looks so cool
again, your claim. you don't want to use, fine, don't deny others .
i don't know what "don't deny others" means. deny others of what?
i always knew the people of milford were a bunch of pussies.
i am not from milford but you are a dick
turns out we got them on patricks birthday. the difference a year makes.
omg! i was just remembering us being all sweaty at frat parties lmao
so many people from cardiff (and beyond!) came together to make special, many non-professionals, let's all appreciate that!
loved the photos you shared -- looks like it was a lot of fun!
andre and i fed giraffes and it was the greatest thing ever!!
it licked andre on the back of his head lmao
correct - decaf is a problem
ooohhhhkay, decaf is fine guys. you don't have to judge. ;) (it's only because i've already had 2 cups...)
i pulled out a loan to be able to afford getting coffee with people.
i just ubered to get some! lets grab some nitro brew while i'm in town. since our fiscal portfolios evince our priorities.
yeah me too
i can't wait till he goes to paris because guess what
this would be my choice with different color rims.
i can't afford one of those
"his native country, europe" is a thing i just heard on this broadcast.
must have graduated from one of those "charter schools"
find a way here and sure
walk to my house. oh wait nvm...
"a large contingent of prominent jewish republicans has decided to commit political suicide."
why does hillary clinton turn a blind eye to her anti-semitic &amp; anti-israel supporters?
not the type of feedback we like to hear. please let us know what your issues are so we can have it addressed.-sm
thank you for your service. but, if i wanted your help i would have asked... geeeez. it was just a joke. hahaaa!
the last load-out. thanks to showtime and j.j. abrams for the opportunity to make the one and only season of roadies.
. isn't renewing for a 2nd season? really enjoyed except for 1 episode, which was troubling.
will you like and my first podcast breaking down the gay bachelor? uh, yasssss.
it was a great podcast
trump isn't at all antisemitic, but nevertrump gop jews are nonetheless burning all their bridges to him with their hysteria.
why does hillary clinton turn a blind eye to her anti-semitic &amp; anti-israel supporters?
isn't what it means to you subjective is subjectivity &amp; has origins
is an attack on is dictionary definition doesn't negate an origin of word!
meltzer was front row at chi town rumble, right?
yup. sitting next to a football player
correct . reduces risk. better than not using them. understand?
"better than not using them."&lt;--that's entirely your opinion. i understand u are of that opinion.
$38 b! how is that an aid package? there are 45m ppl living in poverty in the us. that's $844 per poor american.
it must be the guilty conscience to deflect everything as anti semitism
*macklemore starts playing* sam: this is the kind of rap i like me:
she just found out i was being sarcastic
i will read any blog post titled "minerals with metallic luster". btw, that would make a great name for a band.
with the way it's worded, wouldn't it be two bands, metallic luster opening for the headliner minerals? i'd go to that show.
correct . reduces risk. better than not using them. understand?
"reduces risk."&lt;--i wouldn't use those words.
that was sweet.
she is really soo over all the drama she has zero time for it. i'm so proud of rih.. she grew and changed to be blessed even more.
hey . when i ride on dean st around the corner from you, i'm less safe because of the illegal you sanction
. i have to control the lane to prevent drivers passing me within inches. frequently drivers will honk @ and bully me for this.
is this what heaven looks like
i want this lol
lol when he hit the cervix ur literally at the end of her vagina.
it don't end silly
trump's daughter and son-in-law are jewish
and daughter in law
im out in greece right now. and where yall ballin at?
ohh dubb, but most likely the rec. try to get a couple heads to go bro
in that article clinton praised blumenthals son, who is an actual anti-semite. called him a "mitzvah". will she disavow?
why does hillary clinton turn a blind eye to her anti-semitic &amp; anti-israel supporters?
when one of the gang bangs a 2
when the gang forgets to respond
he got 2 kills more than i did...
ur bragging about 2 more kills, really?
atlah church staves off foreclosure, but litigation continues
hope ali forney center gets the building
the failing has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
a trump empire built on inside connections and $885 million in tax breaks
what an amazing rally for &amp; at today! columbus is ready to fight &amp; win.
fight trump! vote!
were those cars driving around the boards?
i saw something like that too - thought it was an army of cameras or something technical!
its my favorite too!!!!! it was one of the first of his i ever read &amp; it really knocked me on my ass lmao
i forgot we both have the same favorite junji ito story bc are you living in the real world?/death is real scary lol
same usually there's nothing good to watch on saturdays
for real well tarzan was on earlier so i watched that
this just had me rolling
lmao its funny now but it wasnt funny when it happened
the failing has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
u r a cheat think about how much we could fix with all that money you owe
just a thought: if torts sees that nothing is working (clearly) why doesnt he load up the top line with kane, parise and pavelski?
and he took away any chance of scaring team europe with a pp without byfuglien
how are you going to have a outdoor track meet in tokyo in feb and london in april when the high temp is 40s/50s?
if you can run a marathon then you can have a track meet "im too cold" is never an excuse in any other sport
but enough about hoover...
/giphy rimshot
" is flourishing south of the border"
mexico and brazil both very interesting. cc
wrong. again. welcome to africa.
then he is a judaizer, and god will strike him down. judaizers are the lowest people in bible.
kessel was injured though so....he's probably just shaking his head, not laughing
who would have thought a team lacking goal scoring would struggle in a hockey game?
i'd honestly pay to see what happens to her if she dismissed her security and took a walk through one of the communities she destroyed
you deserve trump b/c you are the shit he talked about when he said women should be treated like shit!
seeing all the tweets from my fellow physical educators and sharing lessons and ideas. huge jump forward for our profession.
how long have you been using this app to meet and communicate with new people in our profession
., &amp; discuss immunity for a witness.
i am always totally charmed by these two: . i love me some clarity
that will really get you pumped then. demian's doing vocals on monday. i will find a place for it!
i always forget you're not demian
wow... how quickly they turn on their own
nope.sorry,as much as you're wearing red today.nobody turning on them. feel bad 4 u.must be hard being so bitter living in pdx
naturally that comes after constitution day...
um, of course
wow cam robinson got done like a dog on that play. whew.
and the de was like "uh, what?" and paused and let jalen get around him
i hide mine in my basement
i was literally livid i didn't see any
we agree 100% and has been saying that from day 1. glad we are on the same page on this one.
only he doesn't talk about gas chambers and retweet david duke.
i just noticed that why are you excited for him going to paris then?
um because he will speak french duh
please enjoy my new tattoo thank you to all i'm not sucking in.
this is insanely good.
solely aware of what my looks give now is not anywhere near my final form or my fullest potential i'm just treading lightly for now ....
lettem know sis
yes. hit me up when you on
hey. i'll be home around 730. wanna do the raid then?
knowing who you are in jesus break the power of satan in your life if sin is still dominating. get the real truth
for the law was given through moses, but grace and truth came through jesus christ. john 1:17
" are you finding everything okay?" "no" " what can i help you with" "i'm just looking" lmfao
"hey are u using ur macy's card today" "do i have to?" wtf bitch idk what card u want to use
2 cups is like a warmup for actual coffee drinking.
haha oh dear. also- it's an hour later here on the east coast. caffeine at 5:30pm? nah.
kessel was injured though so....he's probably just shaking his head, not laughing
fair point. suspect kessel isn't the only american player shaking his head and laughing.
just bought the new iphone 7 plus 128gb
shits gonna come in 3 weeks from now lmao
craig 'trendsetter' tracey &lt;- that's the closest i could get to braces
his are invisible iirc.
"how to become an authority (with email marketing)" by at
was this talk recorded?
the music app update has a really nice looking ui. too bad about buggy playlist handling (play next/later).
apple delivered what they promised at wwdc, except for the usual .0 release bugs. google appears to have done so with nougat where it's out.
when you leave your tickets in your car and don't realize it until you get to the entrance and have to walk all the way back
was that on purpose to avoid some houses? have fun!!
i really really really wanna go to new york so badly
when you do, let american friends know, have a meet-up party! it's difficult for some of us to travel...
im going to be a junior in 4 days *cries* college is almost over
you still got med school tho!!!!
is an attack on is dictionary definition doesn't negate an origin of word!
no socialist/feminist theorist hasn't attacked finance as source of all of doesn't hate jews but hate
hey! going to one of my fave clubs, the on 10/27-29. come out! get it? (sorry)
haha... how to speak san franciscan... vagina!
fabulous: my car key fell off my key chain and now i am stranded at stony brook
. ah girl, feeling so bad. i wish i would've known before i left! we could've chilled longer
why tf am i in a dollar van with a cardboard door
wait what....
most africans are circumcised by default.
that's called sexual assault/sexual abuse, carried out by sexual sadists.
does anyone have any recommendations for places to go camping overnight
castle rock
earlier: kamal, sound...
brand new tune
omg i was okay with it till they started rapping what is this.
shuddup its a good song pls
i've only heard of travis scott... never seen him. (damn i'm old) i'm curious now...
haha no worries neither of em exactly my type of music i jus thought it was interesting both look like mortalkombat fighters
big wins over santa monica and north torrance in the tartar challenge. next up is torrance in the playoffs
keep it coming viking volleyball. good focus and team work in motion!
1 year turned to 1 day real quick. let's do this
psa: my mother and best friend already started crying &amp; i'm still here for 12+ hours
these all look like great spots! love the look of coava. going to check these out! thanks
if you need recommendations in two weeks for nyc coffee (and/or comida colombiana), let me know!
why do so many people hate hillary? speculates.
l love her so there
apparently, this is joshua's tree...
oooooh i like it out there! pappy and harriet's!!!
i can see that, though "if foo=nil" is a compile time error.
yeah in c at least "null = foo" is compile error. do "==" the 'normal' way and every couple years you will lose 4 hours debugging
nah they outside the gate right now i was just on 73rd lol
really i thought they banned them from tail gating
i don't give one shit what people or if you believe me or not. you don't want to believe me because it doesn't fit into your small minds
i believe you too. please don't stop telling people
and burgers ......
got u w some corn on the cob too
hey , will you explicitly disavow this and other efforts like it?
everything about this, right down to "the south was right" handle (1)
az!!!!! i did it!!! dro is done!
i got him to 3% earlier with 10 withered, one berserker and one mana rager. i was mad.
i gotta learn how to do crossovers in 2k smh. shii never work for me
i cant either they all say unlock smh
i'm so over this company
omg what they do now
hillary: "no one gets guns." trump: "see what happens if your security doesn't have guns." media: "trump threatens to kill hillary!"
clinton: trump's death would be good for economy how is this ok.. no media on this crap!!
its gio. i know i've been out of the game for a bit, but i still keep a notebook with ideas. i'll be by dave's sometime this week.
oh, shit, gio! what's good, bro? yeah, let's meet up sometime and collab, shoot around ideas. i'm back in the city.
oh true i forgot you used to work in dupont aka one of the best places to eat in dc lmao
a long time ago
thanks for joining me in this journey everybody.
thanks for emotionally wrecking me, you bastard. (see you next stream, maybe. lol. ow.)
everything about this, right down to "the south was right" handle (1)
is begging me to re affirm my prejudices.
being on private lasted not even a day, so mom next time you stalk my twitter... just know i'm wondering what's good for dinna
if she made rice i'm 300% coming over
i uploaded some of these too in the past,there's a good number of these excellent tunes:):)
agree i also like along these lines ensiferum equilibrium heidevolk
currently listening to michael bubl's christmas album im done with summer ok
michael bubl is life
maybe one of them hippie types who put a fleur in the barrel of his rifle?
well, they did lose the french and indian war, which resulted in them having to abandon fort toulouse in alabama and move to la.
the subtext of every conversation i have is: "is there a place i can charge my phone?"
true hospitality is having a 4 charger even if you don't own one
news: g&amp;a restaurant is starting to make its own root beer. g&amp;a has been working on tgis venture for two months.
have you eaten at ikarus? 4901 eastern ave. it's really good. if you do, tell owner/host xenophone i miss &amp; love him!
had great workout,with girls
great to hear ! vital !
celebrity office visits to !! w/ telling stories about ($350k startup credits?!?)
... i *think* the last time i hung out with , and was usenix new orleans when i was like 17? pralines...
new personal record! today i had 300+ students create a portfolio
you are amazing!
i'm going to wear my shirts at next year too! we'll be stylin'
we'll flood moscone with unicorns! :d
just chaps and spurs
well played sir
apple delivered what they promised at wwdc, except for the usual .0 release bugs. google appears to have done so with nougat where it's out.
are people still waiting on the update for nexus 6 &amp; nexus 9? there's an aosp branch for nexus 9, but none for nexus 6 yet.
"somewhere on burbon street" - roy english on ig
roy is kinda hot though
ewww! i don't know if i like that idea at all. maybe if they did the f4 hand sign to show they still support vic/cor
yep i don't think corey will like that
did the colorado punter take michigan and the points? singlehandledly costing the buffs a winnable upset on the road.
what did he do now?
omg i said "are" instead of "our".. i'm never gonna become a nurse lol
lmao tell me why it took me hella long to figure out why it looked wrong.. so i'm not going to become one either
bout to go scotty
all the way scotty
welcome to gator nation
lol you know that's not happening.
to all the female athletes
us at the cheer dinner
romans 8:28 and we know that for those who love god all things work together for good, for those who are called according to his purpose..
"but as for you, you meant evil against me; but god meant it for good. genesis 50:20
some guy stopped me in the middle of the street told me he loved my outfit and asked for a picture with me hahaha this place isn't real
deleted the pic cause am an idiot. here we are together xx
earlier: kamal, sound...
brand new tune
it went down after this
yeo she a bug out son
. did you serve him without silverware and say eating without utensils is a revolutionary idea and saves room on the table
no i literally didn't know it was him until an hour later when someone else pointed it out
man you could totally just run ralf/clark/leona huh lol
i feel the same way about iori/vice/mature and billy/hein/geese
fake it till u make ..respects ol
lmfaooo nah im a proud 6s holder lol
it is extremely hard to make myself cheer for dubinsky or kane...i try to ignore them
you're a better woman than i am - i yell bad things at the tv
republican nominee not satisfied with one tweet ridiculing newspaper columnist, offers second one
he is an insane dictator = hitler
me too ! dickheads
need a new pair
over &amp; over &amp; over yet 's statement claimed trump stopped in 2011. 5yrs of trump's
she still practising racism he never stops
good &amp; you?
no complaints
... i *think* the last time i hung out with , and was usenix new orleans when i was like 17? pralines...
pralines and beignets and hurricanes are all i remember. and 110 degree weather.
sorry crew,cant get new twts or block racists.am,in touch with twtr,let them fix it if frog is so meaningless why all the hate from bigots
i am constantly attacked by disgusting deplorable trumpers
i just overheard the bartender confirm my suspicions, i knew this because i am a baby boomer trapped in a 33-year-old's body
i generally hate creedence clearwater revival but good goddamn if "fortunate son" isn't a great song (i'm tweeting from 1970 )
we don't see them much near the city
but none crossed
nah im over here crying
awe pooh go to the doctors monday
happens monday sep 19. meet 10 taiwan startups taking on the us market
. hope yo see ya mon night!! group just landed jfk!
had such a fun time tagging along for ! you've got a great team. thanks for having me :)
absolutely! thanks for bringing your ninja jenga moves to the party as well.
i don't love this, but it's a cute idea. what do you think? (depeche mode songs done in the vein of the ramones)
same. cute but not for more than 30 seconds.
wow! hillary clinton throws temper tantrum after trump's brilliant birther presser via
nothing makes my day better than watching squirm.
thats a fact imma hit jeff and a couple people now
bet, let me know what niggas saying
. i have to control the lane to prevent drivers passing me within inches. frequently drivers will honk @ and bully me for this.
. that happened again this evening. my kid was on the bike with me. it fucking sucks. please enforce the law on your own block.
watch out for the nerve gas stored in little glass balls
that hashtag is for the people's champion. the most electrifying man in sports entertainment history!
that wasn't the show that was the fight party
yeah i knew it was tilted kilt but i think they were around the same time. i think i'm wayyy off
justin will forever be our justin! he loves us and we love him (:
i know even though he sometimes acts like he doesn't love us
been on twitter personally for 2 years. decided to make a teacher profile a few weeks ago. you?
same! currently in a course about technology in pe
being a badass today.
my latest project was my mm hunter, but the artifact quest is bugged and i can't actually pick up the weapon.
last week's : the key political divide is open v closed borders this week's: break largest multinationals into national units
not that that is a contradiction. just interesting to see the economist weigh on the unexpected side of the line it drew
seeking writers. hey dorks, do you get off on video games, board games, anime, comic books, retro tech, or any other nerdy or niche crap?
wow the of freebies. "hey dickhead, do this shit."
technically speaking, that's not why. y'all would've still had him if he didn't do shit at clemson
i just meant he makes dumb ass decisions
coach torts isn't adjusting to team europe's ay, and it's showing. this is why no one likes torts.
he's a real "beaut"!
true. still an awful contract. but hey, at least you didn't sign pablo sand... wait nvm
contract isn't even that bad. guys everywhere getting these types of contracts now, look @ ells &amp; mccann lmao
wrong. again. welcome to africa.
perhaps you are wrong to assume that he is a christian. how do u know he "is a christian"?
i hate my tummy it literally ruined this picture
literally where
how about now
u ain't rly fuk wit me way back den gurl
ugh! sorry you've had a bad week. see you next weekend!
you had a worse week! but you have a much better attitude!! can't wait to finally meet you!
so what you're saying is that walking through a lib city while unarmed is a death sentence. i totally agree
may everything you wish on hillary happen to you!if it's good,you have nothing to worry abt but?
the app doesn't work in ios 10 / iphone 7 plus. i see this for 1s, and then it crashes.
this is the latest version from the app store.
congratulations to martin harrison on the catalogue raisonne of francis bacon which is a masterpiece on its own.
his name is martin? any relation? or is he related to harrison ford? -mmm..i love bacon..
i'd love to see louisville blow fs out
it happened
both parties have failed black americans, but the democrats especially have taken your votes while ignoring your voices.
but your plans/policy do not reflect that. in order to help communities, u have to dig deep.
on a flight and they are telling folks with a note 7 to turn them off...
yes, on every of my segment!
can silver lead them to the light?
if they rely on his instinct they can find their way to the light and avoid a dark future.
buy like what channel is that
for verizon for me it's 572
wrong again. most xtians are circumcised in africa. pulling facts out if yo ass i see
only a jew or a judaizer carries out ritual genital mutilation upon infants.
wine and : what's your pairing?
off dry riesling or gewurztraminer work but not as well as ice cold japanese beer
yeah, by running him over he lost the outside leverage to make that play haha
and i'd probably do the same if i had just pancakes cam f-in robinson
man, this ikea has got all the classics.
i loved video game 2: the sequel!
sweet reporters are finally getting a buff in the next patch
looking forward to my tank role in next patch
it. was. the. hotel. that. called. good reporters would have picked up on that.
who cares. would be within his rights.
. blasts over immigration at houston luncheon
make america great again
oh gosh please no.
few takers on the georgia merchant acquirer limited purpose bank
yooo while i wait in this ridiculously long rental car line, check out this new photo from !
i wanna do a photo shoot with you so bad
her own husband would rather dick bimbos than sit up in a room with her.
can't blame him.
who needs? size 11x2 300 gift + ship pls rt
people on fb cashing out at 300 i think.
lmfao this is me. "where you at cause i'm here..."
i've shown up unannounced
for evreybody sayig this is a bath please do not @ me
i literally lie down in the shower all the time dude
scam artist
this is the website that's sending this email
oomf has been annoying the shit out of me lately i wanna block so bad
i respek u too much i pray it aint me
i've wondered about how to fit that kind of innocent remote social fun to our current messy grown up digital life, no luck...yet!
man, i had a healthy digital and outside life when i was younger. now...not so much, lol. way more of a digital life. d:
at this point i couldn't care less about either party. it's way more serious than that. we need !
i think i would just call myself a "trumpist" at this point. usa needs trump right now.
i wish, this sucks
sorry!!! have fun tonight! hopefully get to meet you next week!
homies like dragging me to tonight...fine i guess i'll go
tonight to finally verify slight chance bey might be illuminati
got stuff from massive here at spx!
i saw them today too
hmm i wonder if guys who can score goals might have helped. cough johnson cough kessel
where is okposo?
hope you'll join us!
my mom and i might try to stop by! thank you
fuck wish i had a code
couldn't stream long because matchmaking breaks too often. but wow. what a game.
i want to believe this is a joke, but i can't be sure.
you can't prove it's not true
kinda hard for me to watch...my broncos play at 4et.. ..maybe i can at least listen in
listen to us! watch them
ugh my baby so fine
i am in tears bye i love you
for an upcoming project, i can send ya the link to the prototype and see what ya think tmrw or monday if i remember
wait we have email. duh.
you guys also upped the amount of drinks we had to buy from 5 to 7 too lmaooo
we had to increase the restrictions because food costs have gone up. otherwise we wouldn't be able to do the cards at all!
celebrating like the boss that she is american grille! happy birthday! gonna be one epic night
happy bday girlie have a great nite ladies!
the failing has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
just wait until you become pres. then they will be begging for favors! good luck tonight-
ran into vincent d'onofrio in the east village, nbd
the episode of homicide: life on the streets with him in it is my favorite of the series.
aipac has a veto-proof majority of congress working for them. no president can go against them.
thats disservice to the hard working americans of this country who pay taxes. my tax $ being used to support israel
glad to hear it but you have to look after yourself. we're not getting any younger
aye currently losing the battle with father time
send us your photos from the cow parade, you could see them in tonight's newscasts
my daughter's painting is on this cow
yuuups and bcuz mark called himself on got2day that's why i assume the meaning is no fun hehe don't be shy^&amp;^
right! aah i'm glad my instinct was okay haha i'm excited for their album! and thank you!
do you play ffrk too? was thinking about picking one of these up but not sure which to go for
nah. my bf said rk is just for nostalgia and the combat system is boring.. i havent tried it tho
wow...could be lots of lawsuits in that vein.
yes. though laws must be different in austria.
not this time. very exciting prospect.
like...possibly exciting; certainly juvenile exciting.
going to go play lotto bc there's nothing else to do
come to my job
i just saw make me was like no.50 on itunes the other day. lol
right. britney fans are literally the epitome of people in glass houses throwing rocks...
big dudes low key be the most stylish.
for reals tho!
trust in the lord with all your heart do not lean on your own understanding in all your ways acknowledge him he'll make straight your paths.
commit your way to the lord, trust also in him, and he shall bring it to pass. psalm 37:5
sweet reporters are finally getting a buff in the next patch
looking forward to my tank role in next patch
i mean i feel for her i rly do and im angry jes reading it but pls no girl should ever
omfg she rly went 2 far tho goddamn. dick must have been toooooooooo bomb.
we're happy to help out. would you let us know if you've experienced this with multiple bluetooth connections?
yes, with both my earphones and my . this only occurs when receiving a notification (e.g. text)
that was cheesy
that's impastable
fans of and , follow along for monthly updates of san francisco's best!
burger review: built p:1 b:1 a:1 s:4 oe:1 thin flavorless patty. bun fell apart. egg over fried. great tots though!
alpha behavior! dominance!
a chimp would make a better president than and have better decision making capabilities.
lawyers, experts on family foundations: read on the trump foundation. merely unseemly, or illegal?
chump hoodwinks people - his m.o. probably money laundering is the way it looks to me. disingenuous at least!
7 to take a and be
thanks for sharing!
you gotta be a man of your word
how bout i tweet go gators one time. will that settle it.
unless paul is that good of a actor, he seems to hate james so much for some unknown reason that he doesn't want him getting 50k
i still think its cause hes jealous of james and natalie together
what the fuck is wrong with your thumb? did you get hungry or something?
it's a nervous habit, ya bitch. why dont u focus on how great &amp; fun my tweet is, learn a thing or 2 &amp; try tweeting one urself?
. that happened again this evening. my kid was on the bike with me. it fucking sucks. please enforce the law on your own block.
. this driver speeds, honks @ children &amp; thinks people are required to stay in unsafe lanes.
mandatory for me else i have to wear a mask 6-7 months
i mean it's not a bad idea. keeps us healthy for the most part lol.
and paddington!
omg how did i miss that &lt;/3
i don't think has ever actually attempted to deliver a package to my apartment in nyc in over 2.5 years
i feel that way about fedex
but i played it recently and it is really, really antiquated
yeah, it's like nostalgia for me, tbh.have to move on t_t
they still up right now, but they suck right now
awwww they thought the little effort that they put in was enough girl how bout now
update she's going to play asagao *cracks knuckles* let's do dis
we're playing it with the self voicing
journalists have a knee-jerk negative reaction to the words "branding" and "marketing." why is that?
omg thank you! something i constantly deal with
8. they are convinced they are doing noble work. this is important to them. so suggestions they are not is met with lots of hurt pride
their role in capital formation seems to have even changed a lot past twenty years
i've been at work for 2 hours &amp; i've made $63 in tips already. that's more than my pay for the entire shift god is on my side today
wheredo you work
zara larsson does not like chris brown.
you motha fuckin queen lol i love her
you should see some of the rude tweets i get from men.. they're ridiculous
if they're avi less they're prob bored pre teens
who said that
dan fallon &amp; his college friends
what an energetic crowd today in the villages, florida! when donald trump becomes potus, we will !
awesome speech mike-enjoyed watching it very much-you are a excellent speaker
you do know technology is improving exponentially?
i don't consider condoms to be "technology". they are a tool of prostitution.
(it would help if i attach the picture)
so handsome!!!!
my friend said "that mexican guy is right off the boat." hmm, wouldn't it make more sense to say "that you know nothing about geography?"
they probably could have used a boat... but that would be dumb... hence, knowing the fucking map.
fact check in order.
there's more info within the thread as well
i can't even argue that it might be false. totally believable.
nick needs a new challenge
that there's not a lot on and tarzan seemed to be the only thing to watch
well willy wonka was on and horton hears a who
max.............. thank u for this
literally anytime. any. time. if i find a small thing that looks like a hat and i have a pen? you gonna get one of these
it's because you're in love with me
you ain't wrong tho
it's official!! i've been accepted to murray state university, can't wait for next fall! go racers
congratulations bro! big things to come!
wow. are you so thick? your fake facts were based on results of latex gloves, not condoms. jeeez
not according to my source.
so hillary believes americans 'should be forced' to agree with her, or what? this is america, u fool,we aren't a dictatorship
kinda like whether you should or shouldn't stand for the national anthem
we can score 20 safeties a game as long as the other team only scores 19 safeties imo.
you can't argue with logic
meanwhile, i can't get anything faster than 6 mbs, just outside a major american city
d: that's horrible!
kd fsociety
achei a fsociety
he bet not ever lose again in the finals i swear fo jesus lol
2 years worth of slander coming
i think you mean "should have".
i think i meant kill yourself
hi , me again. my driver picked up the wrong customer. contacted driver and they're coming back for me. how can i not get charged?
2/2 in car now but there were 5-10 minutes of trip i was not in car for.
if you didn't already grok that is a slimy, dishonest grade-a proto-dudebro a-hole, well, now you know.
anyone his age who still uses the term, "young turk," is seriously suspect to begin with, so...
if by *adult* you mean is as deplorable as anyone else in trumpistan.
lied to right in her face. kellyanne has lied to all the media, but i think they are on to her now.
again, you are the one refusing to see the references. clearly listed.
but u are only giving opinions. what facts do u have?
collin -- is his name -- hippest pup on planet -- is his -- claim to fame -- ~ tina marie (his human: )
awwe! tina you're so so sweet and very creative with your lovely poetry. thank you so much!
this is my henry hill moment guys. it's all over
this has been hovering over my apartment for 20 minutes. i either moved to south central or they got me.
everyone's perceptions about drugs &amp; the ppl who use them only come from america. &amp; that is a huge issue.
is the sake of the argument for ppl who are already addicted?cause id rather be clean than be a functioning drug addict
the advice are giving are ones i learned early in consulting: use small words, don't bury story, focus.
b2b marketing pro tip: building a successful pipeline probably takes a step change in effort. 100 emails a day, not 3 a week.
grilling means disproportionate amounts of buns and dogs. how do you handle the math?
cook 20 dogs, snack on 4 dogs ,bunless, with a beer, then serve remainder with the buns
in the are apparently filled with very , shirtless, young in and my body just cannot handle it.
which parks?
oh oui :) he sounds cute speaking french. and german. he should totally do a song in french
i know right he did part of one less lonely girl in french
i couldn't tell you, would be interested in finding out hahaha
*investigates* until the riaa comes for your neck.
2nd half of virginia tech-boston college is under way! be a dude and turn to espnu
this may come as a surprise, so i hope you're sitting down. women like sports too.
it's saturday. i spent all morning in class and just spent almost 3 hours on a paper on contract law. y am i going to law school?
because you need to be mine and sugar mama. you're the one with the real future.
4. flexibility in thinking is necessary. stubbornness is one of the worst qualities in a trader. this translates into personal interactions.
why do you use banker and trader interchangeably?
your facts are based on xtian propaganda sites. i have given you sites with references
facts are facts. if you have a correction to one of my facts, then cite it.
"soccer was truly my first love" - . going global with odell beckham jr coming soon...
hes a beast lol
what a difference a day makes with volunteering at ! ! amazing job!
you guys were aaaammmaaazzinnng today. thank you &amp; the kids loved you all
2016 ph city promising artiste to look out for: demagogue
brand new tune
lately giants fans been gettin outta line....so i jus wanna remind you what type of receiver y'all got
i hope he is.
what trump just did is a disgrace.
everything you do is totally disgraces america
jackson grubb was a 9 year old that committed suicide because he was bullied. this is another wake up call everyone. bullying is no joke.
it will only get worse if trump is elected
this answer is infuriating!
i was there too!
hot take: i feel terrible for all the girls in who can't have simone biles as a role model bc she takes ritalin for her .
she went from america's beloved gold medal winning olympic gymnast to an sp in the snares of the evil psychs.
team is gone, it's done. is glad. she hates
she can increase city tax .5% for a few years to pay for it.
we are better than this.
we will be nov 8th.
trump went to flint to draw attention to the city's lead poisoning crisis-but he just made a spectacle of himself.
he very gracefully agreed although she was acting o your behal
big z def a cal legend!!! must be in to watch cal give that orange school in texas an l
yo , hope 2 c u at v uw game when u in the bay to play the niners!
tonight's starting xi vs.
yesssssss mate, good luck
i'm sorry, but this is a lie used to discriminate against trans people. you really need to stop spreading it.
i can't tell if the ladies in that thread are terfs or just straight-up bigots (not that those are exclusive)
a cards w, but more importantly, this dude right here is 22 days sober. a good day, fam
excellent news!
love you sandra dee hope you have the best day ever ! sadly we don't have many photos together love you autumn
thanks love you're the best
wondering how is feeling about letting a million muslim immigrants overrun now.
this is what wants for us.
why did abby and i blast the star wars and pirates of the caribbean theme songs and commence a pillow fight
you're acting like this is out of character for you two
when ur thighs are too fat for ur leggings so u rip em
gonna start a new fashion trend
i can do 23 mile in an hour on a good day. so 55,2 1/2 hours is doable
we won't be going at that tour de france pace mate! the bike i use is from the 1970's
also bad they deleted my texting shortcuts so i had to reprogram this: ( )
they reset so many things why do they hate us
she went from america's beloved gold medal winning olympic gymnast to an sp in the snares of the evil psychs.
but there are only ~20,000 scientologists in the entire world, and psychiatry has advanced tremendously since lrh died of a stroke in 1986.
hope my bitches have fun clubbing tonight in sf love y'all be safe take shots of henny for me
well we all know i will! love u too big head
my thing is, why even ask that
some girls like hearing what you like about them. so it kinda falls into that.
"i hear their earning potential decreases as they get older"
the absolute violence of "multiple penises shoved up you," as well. the constant and imagined rape projected onto other women.
the three seashells are classic! now i wanna rewatch the whole movie. have fun in nyc!
stop! i didn't mean for you to make yourself... watch...that... *sigh*... you have krull on blu-ray....
i'd honestly pay to see what happens to her if she dismissed her security and took a walk through one of the communities she destroyed
you must hate yourself if you support trump,the misogynist?fyi,hillary never destroyed any cities.trump destroyed ppl'slives!
crap. armstrong is down. looking like a cramp though.
it's ok, the refs are doing a great job keeping the drives alive.
this year. i tell you.
it's like a mass extinction of geniuses.
the bushes are helping the clintons today. kasich is rallying for obama. i'm glad everyone's cards on are the table.
some people have a brain
im offended
u guys are both over me it's all good
i'm at basilica!
i'll send an uber chopper bc i miss u
i hate the front bottoms
one more time for the people in the back
oh no! were you able to get seated?
yes, just now! i was worried because it was getting busy and the new person was taking names
well, it's solitary confinement for you now i guess
film jail! in color!
i refuse to update, fuck that shit
tbh everything else isnt so bad but itunes is fucked /up/ if only i had known....
there i stood. my dick wet. the doctor with his face covered in shit.
im legit emotional thinking abt this comic bc i feel so bad for him omg. this poor man. the poor doc. tje nice nurse
"fancy new github project"
seems like a "thing".
she lives at the post office?
lmao no i posted the picture while i was near the post office don't blow mine idk
alright just put in your bio and let me screenshot
oh my gosh. think of another one.
but there are only ~20,000 scientologists in the entire world, and psychiatry has advanced tremendously since lrh died of a stroke in 1986.
to hell with what ignorant people &amp; the new age religions that cater to their bigotry think about people with adhd. sad for the kids though.
you're funny.
you don't seem to be very nice
they're definitely love songs bags, stick to your hillbilly truck driving dip spitting bs
i will as long as you stick to your long girly hair, hawaiian shirt, chinese lookin ass bs
yes. he knows.
oh my gawd!!!
today is the day to live in my own private idaho. others are welcome to visit though
as long as it's not in public idaho
hey : savory pop tarts please dm me for the address to send me a nice big check for this idea
i'm seeing sort of a toaster friendly croque monsieur.
"aren't you brianna wu?" "yup!" "i read about you on breitbart." "wow. okay. i have to go."
i had the same conversation shortly after mentioned me in a few articles. so scary.
but relationship status might be correlated to number of hours per day of video game playing?
what about couples who game together
reframing a description can reveal unrecognized truth. "i was stuck as traffic for two hours." "i was late because we were a traffic jam."
traffic isn't something that happens to you, it's something you participate in.
well we all know i will! love u too big head
sabs letting me take the taser so i'll protect us luv u too tomato
sick hillary admits she wants to brain wash children.
god forbid its . talk about a bad role model. i wouldn't allow my kids in a room with her.
exactly my friend! they secretly use blacks...part of their agenda..
trump doesn't even bother, typically. except that black church in flint where the pastor checked him
found them ..... thank you everyone!
whoa,whoa,whoa it's ok !!!
you driving mate?
must be slinging a hook on to a jeep
let's be clear: nothing-including an audit-is preventing trump from releasing his tax returns.
lets be clear he is in an audit and he can't right now but he isiss going to to and you are going to be very disappointed.
awwwww! our date last year!!
this year brought and a few others who had not been there. missed you.
may have found the 1st legislative divorce in al history while researching another story.
your investigative projects seem to be ... thorough
you're just such a trend setter
i can't help myself
the squirt gun is so stupid
i have no clue what you're talking about i'm just eavesdropping
more so than the charging quibble, my favorite response is "too easy to lose" - so apple should have made it bigger/bulkier?
"apple doesn't make big size phones. look at samsung phones!" *apple launches plus size "plus models are too big."
how was dinner? my friends loved the poster btw thank you!
we ended up face in curly fries at papaya king
implications here are really something. plan for the sea.
i keep talking to people about this. the city will change so thoroughly.
cnn's van jones says hillary 'one of the most honest politicians in america' (video)
i hope van can get a refund for that poor excuse of an education
i don't care about referees.
well they care about nebraska.
i asked xavier to buy me this lipgloss and he was like "ur gonna have to come into sephora w me"
and i was like "i will get arrested for trespassing!"
curious, what things are you connecting to it?
starting simple. ihome switch. lutron inwall dimmers. later: cameras, garage door controllers. gate sensors.
round 3! "not just a neighbour, oh hey there, i'll ring your bell" don't forget to add to your answer! - sonya
mrs. all american
it's about a slow death w possibility of an uprise (long shot) or ww3 trump it's not that complicated
...hillary is the lesser evil ? come on bro
2016 ph city promising artiste to look out for: demagogue
brand new tune
sept. 27th 7pm est - a johnny cash tribute stageit show
...don't want to miss a great show...grab your tickets
the no slide to unlock tho how can you do that
that too. that's probably the most evil thing theyve ever done
why do you use banker and trader interchangeably?
i think the reference here is to front-office bank ppl, which are a particular breed. includes sales.
again, dumbass mentality like yours is what's responsible for increased hiv and pregnancies
you sound like u are also pro-abortion
spent time all over muni today btw ft mason, soma, fidi &amp; richmond/sunset. so it was a mix but yeah n line needs help.
fort mason/marina by public transit is awful. hence the cartopia over there (and one reason i'd never live there)
we're and they just threw on a yemsg show
nope! it's hampton. updated me
wait...the refs called a penalty against the hens?!
hahahahahahag so good. hens... oh man, where do you're this stuff?
"we're siding with students and with every american seeking an affordable college degree." -
mr kaine i would just like to die if you became president. you ar a clown and speak like an idiot
im the most confusing person ever
whatever. just post more. you are awesome!
spent time all over muni today btw ft mason, soma, fidi &amp; richmond/sunset. so it was a mix but yeah n line needs help.
i'm beyond pissed that central subway stops before north beach. it should go all the way to crissy field
i'm crying....
im sure we're both crying for different reasons
"that batsymbol on a spotlight would be unrecognizable in the sky as a bat it would just be a blob on the clouds"
lol and a man in a batsuit would totally be fighting a crazy clown any time this week. it's not fair to complain about how-
best way to end this trip is to run into on valencia and finally meet him in person. a+++ guy will meet again!
it was nice to meet you finally - next time i'm in germany, or your in california, we will hang out properly. have a good flight!
he made millions starting from nothing. success is not a negative.
agree. success is a positive, especially when you pay the folks that help you get there
that's not tour de france. that's me just trying to get thinner. they guys do it everyday. that was my best time. normally 20mph
it's great going mate hats off. these organised rides over here have rest stops every 15 miles.
found a person in a g.l.o.s.s. shirt so of course i bought from them
oh this is good
aww thank you! and my pleasure.i was trying to give my bud corey feldman a pep talk everyones being so mean to him.ty! xoc :)
- no one should be mean to corey feldman!
when your friends say they won't vote, ask how much student debt they have. there's only one candidate who will make college affordable.
now you are making threats against your so called supporters
that, or they think you've said it to another girl already
then fuck them, what can u do lol
i don't know what you mean
new feature on github, allows laying out a roadmap/features.
were you two born around the same time as napster or after?
shhhhhhh. we have the technology to build it better and faster now. and with more anonymity.
i'm going to an army ball :)
food will be great but they're typically boring. but have fun!
lol i guess you're a fan... fair enough
and when i say i guess it means i just read your profile lol
saaaame. i was heckled in a panel discussion once about social reporting by a woman calling us marketers \_()_/
the "build it &amp; they'll come" philosophy is so strong in journalism. but you gotta break through the noise before they'll come
love this &gt; obama writes thank you notes with jimmy fallon | &gt;
i'm trying to get my head round why fallon had trump as a guest on his show... does he know something? hedging his bets?
ugh how tf do you make a horny boy cat stfu
get him fixed!!!!!!!!!! he's going to spray juice everywhere
the legislature took that divorce up really early, even before figuring out county lines.
i can already smell the pulitzer
my sister and brother-in-law are the sweetest most inspiring people i've ever had the privilege to meet. they took my mom to a jewelry...
store and are telling her to pick anything she wants because she deserves it. i'm crying because of all these feels. respect and love for
never ever seen this before.....tv screen built into the mirror in a restaurant ladies' room
that is just bad ass! plus i'm sure the ladies room is waaay cleaner than the men's. its a win win!
latest numbers show nearly 700,000 fewer new yorkers without health insurance since 2013.
. more would be covered if they didn't have to pay up to 33% of income. see see
when u find out who your real friends are
i was there too. i just want everyone to know that
same, but it's different! the gateway to our digital life used to be bound to a fixed location (pc), now it's everywhere, blended.
yeah, it makes it harder to disconnect. :x childhood was way simpler.
hillary's been her childhood pen pal, her graduation cheering section, and her friend. meet aleatha:
really how come we have never heard of her
lol and a man in a batsuit would totally be fighting a crazy clown any time this week. it's not fair to complain about how-
- realistic something is in a superhero movie or comic book tbh. that's why we love them haha. i want it to be unbelievable.
love this pic! truly amazing to catch up with you bud, hope to see you soon!
ditto! don't be a stranger.
true american horror story
that was my only high end highlighter
will miss my team. thanks for a lovely farewell memes included . onto new adventures!!
wait where are you going?
happy birthday to the best mum on the planet. would be lost without her!!
i thank her for bringing you into this world
55 mile after a bad injury. would be doing that by train . you'll fuck yourself up. hail hail tho on yirsel
might need an on standby. not been on a bike since may
totally (sent with lasers)
i'm more of a fireworks guy myself.
forgot i still have 8 of these 7-7 ad infinitum emblem codes. who wants one? ( )
i would love one. :)
take it from : this election is too important to sit out. register to vote:
you are already out ms hillary
reminder oil companies still have us by pipelines as long as we have no alternative energy source.
tesla died for jp morgan we have free energy for 100 years now, tell people!!! end the ponzi
these kind of articles tell me that i'm doing a bad job of letting people know about the cocoapods mac app
e.g. if you're not using a gemfile, the mac app ( or checking in your pods, which we do ) is the thing you should probably be using.
my thought every time i go to six flags
i get so angry like what the hell youre sweating all over each other
when did i say that?
that's the impression i got from your last tweet to me
me and you..monday.. 9am.. starbucks on 23rd &amp; 7th. your life is about to change
yes, deal. thank you for being my spirit guide.
such a good time of year in the us!
it's too exciting!!
alabama is not the team in the country right now. maybe 4 or 5 weeks from now, but not right now.
go easy on the frosh. he's pretty poised for his first road sec start.
the irony is you pretending you are black. you are a member of (((media)))
the irony is every stupid thing a trump supporter says is usually true about trump and/or his supporters
shop! shop! shop! everyday and now night omg.
happy hour time to celebrate your shopping
store and are telling her to pick anything she wants because she deserves it. i'm crying because of all these feels. respect and love for
elders are still values that they uphold. seriously, they are the most beautiful people ever.
9 times donald trump accused hillary of doing the terrible things he, himself, actually did:
i seriously doubt that
that would be like me unfollowing you for using a comma in that tweet instead of the called-for semicolon. common error.
i actually realized it after. darn!
refs are against every team.
alright fair.
they'll be facing pomeranz who beat nyy as a padre. he wasn't much then but has been complete since joining the sawx.
i think he's been hurt. padres didn't disclose at time of trade
not just here, either. you look at projections, and it's inevitable. we should have taken drastic action at least a decade ago.
oh, agreed. florida, louisiana...everywhere really, but the first big ones might push people towards faster change
the man has no self control.
donald she has not written in weeks. she also has pics of your inside office with you.
any bass players out there?
don't you mean ?
exactly! &amp; if they think they're describing experiencs of violence, do they think this is a feminist way to do it?!
innit. if it's a genuine belief that there is no female agency in such situations, would you really be looool about it?
wtf no it wasnt it was terrible
what it was amazing!!!! so brilliant....i was crying &amp; then laughing &amp; ugh such a good ending
look at this beauty:
in the market?
it's time for donald trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee.
get off of it loser
it is time we held the company man responsible for the death of jobs leaving no one forced them to ship jobs out greed
trump lied about bringing manufacturing back to america. everything in new dc hotel was made in china.
noah fence.. but what was sean gonna do? bring him back to life?.. girl..
you shake someone awake in the middle of the night and expect them to have all their senses? i honestly would've went back to sleep too
why did so many people like this
because it's extremely accurate
i think this is trump's way of being nice by promoting dowd during her book press tour
had the same thought. all publicity is good...
how's the construction going?
one whole building looks gutted and splintered, like something out of detroit. but other than that, rest seems shitty as usual
i know u think u're cool by calling your favorite adult stars on twitter by their real names, but u're not! we have stage names for a reason
your real name is sarah, right?
it's with her new book at her book launch!!! i'm going to try and get her to shush me.
it was amazing to see you! thank you so much for coming!
i hate when i be texting people and they wont respond to ur text but be on social media
both of yall
will i see it/smell it? i haven't noticed anything yet but he keeps needing everywhere with his ass up and tail to the side
no you won't smell it but he will keep going to one spot &amp; if you ever have another cat around they will be attracted to
"threat". my god you people are fucking pathetic.
you're the pathetic one!
that's your opinion. based on non factual assertions and presumptions
opinions are the only thing you've been stating.
lmfao, this is why i don't like the question. it's basically "let me see what kind of bullshit he can spew out"
if that's the case, then just be an asshole with the answer lmao
it's great to be back on the campaign trail.
guess you finally got well but not from pneumonia cause it takes a lot longer than that
again, dumbass mentality like yours is what's responsible for increased hiv and pregnancies
i didn't realize that pregnancy is a bad thing.
is this your life now?
yes this is where i live
i agree the first turn on is hilarious!
i think it's time for a remake with me as mr.zitzler."we have to find those campers.some of them haven't paid their bill yet!"
already felt that i'd get sick over the whole day, getting a sore throat and all but it then hit me really hard at work, ugh
feel better, beni :'c maybe a remedy of colin might help
just turned on my old phone for the first time since august 2015. been getting notifications for about 15 minutes.
it's almost at a point where i actually navigate. it froze up so much that my live background just completely stopped animating.
will i see it/smell it? i haven't noticed anything yet but he keeps needing everywhere with his ass up and tail to the side
that exact spot &amp; then they start peeing on it. when they spray, it ruins that genera area of the house. potent.
change will not happen unless we make it!stump trump and turn georgia blue!
way to go benjamin keep up the great work. i am making calls from home
based on convos today she's not taking james. he asked her about f2 and only gave short responses to him
we wil see what happens but im proud of them both
how do yall get the stickers wth
imoji stickers app
the final race
yep that's tomorrow
there are lines out the door now!
lines start at 7am
the brave men and women who have served our country deserve better than donald trump.
if they deserve better who do you suggest. not you i hope
not just here, either. you look at projections, and it's inevitable. we should have taken drastic action at least a decade ago.
problem is, long-term change is often read as "subtle unimportant change" by our society and this change is anything but
what (sent with slam effect)
gentle next time please.
at the book launch of edward gets messy by of fame.
thank you and for attending!
a cowboy or the center fielder for the nyy.
party is over for my team too now that is out for the season
. 3 rd september at aviation social center rate :15ghc performance live
brand new tune
you shake someone awake in the middle of the night and expect them to have all their senses? i honestly would've went back to sleep too
incfinsksdn i can't even remember my name when someone wakes me up out my sleep she's so extra
oh you mean the peach fuzz that literally covers our entire bodies?
there are so many good reasons to not like kim k and they go ahead and choose that one. lol alright
the brave men and women who have served our country deserve better than donald trump.
you have had plenty of changes to help them and you chose not to
work on the enterprise team at , so i draw different star trek spaceship every month on whiteboard
that's you?! i was always curious - they're so good!
ps not sure if you were referring to yourself or your thoughts on what other people hadnt completed
i've started both twice and finished neither
all facts and sources are listed. your choice to ignore them
i'm not ignoring your opinion. i am just disagreeing with it.
snowden tanked at the box office. apparently there aren't enough traitors out there.
no one can pay john! frigin 68 bucks for me &amp; gf to see kubo w/popcorn etc. we've got printing problems.
why do they have to pair them? it's been days since abby's death. she is jj's girlfriend.
because it's a soap lol. it just seems like they're heading in the direction of a possible chad/gabi/j.j. triangle.
happy birthday to this fucking queen. i love you mar
thank you i love you and miss you so much!!
so long retired and you are still haunting my dreams with your perfection in every inch . top-notch!
ain't that tha truth
can't remember the last time didn't have at least 1 starting pitcher on dl. not sure any team has ever had as many pitcher injuries
did lose to
and apparently the networks agreed - they dumped the footage and refused to air it.
i was referring to the initial decision to cover it (before the producer got pulled).
- what do you care about morals? u r helping an open-border traitor, a race-baiting liar who smeared women assaulted by bill.
charges of race-baiting are the only refuge of racist pieces of shit seeking to deflect from their own scumbag behavior.
126 things donald trump has said and done that should disqualify his candidacy:
amricans are much more concernred about what you have done and are still doing
i just voted for victor for 's ! cast your vote now!
awesome!!!
what ever happened to your streaming app you were making w/ember? beside react.
which one? the one for mixtapes? others lost interest on it. d:
two way cycle track please
so much illegal parking in the park today. even this photo cc
poli stirene gives me too many feels
it's more than
exactly wht i posted today...
truth allergy
goodness...how many aliases does bo have?
he's a shady guy old bo
directing my 10th episode of criminal minds. it's called "elliot's pond" and it's going to spook your socks off
love your work!!!! can not wait for this season to start.
as a lifetime fan of ea (45 yr old), your ea sign in has me thinking horrible thoughts about your company. i just want to play
what is the issue with the sign in?
. 3 rd september at aviation social center rate :15ghc performance live
brand new tune
not sure i understand the strategy of backing traffic up on 2nd ave to make sure qboro bridge flows inbound better.
wouldn't you want traffic on a bridge without crosswalks and residential buildings on it instead of a densely populated avenue?
if trump consistently calls someone neurotic, you can bet that's another thing he is.
incomplete list of insults trump's hurled at women: bimbo dog pig piece of ass disgusting
i wasn't clear, my apologies. the debate was over sarin gas factory as claimed by isis
, how about a us military source?
why do they have to pair them? it's been days since abby's death. she is jj's girlfriend.
i do agree that it's way too soon though and would be completely out of character for chad.
go stick your fingers in your ... you'll feel better.
you are deplorable if you advertise the white nationalist meme. shame on you
the twins are 1 week old! (pictured cub b). getting more hair and gaining weight steadily.
i can't stand the cuteness
oh my gosh is this a one-of-a-kind or a print
yeah this is an original. does art like this for but occasionally has sales to clean out her studio.
missing the philippines
please come back to my home country we would love to see you again
plus i am getting back into doing a few pet portraits. :) the dog is butch and the horse is babe :)
beatiful elizabeth!!
thanks for the tip. hi !
yo! you going to the after party? :)
alex and i's streak fuckin ended. wtf?!
same shit happened to me and .
oh my gosh is this a one-of-a-kind or a print
( bought this for me for our anniversary)
exactly. it's not just rising seas. it's food chain collapse.
absolutely. speaking of, read some interesting stuff on how the global warming affected prices of bread in the middle east...
you're a very, very good guesser.
lol um that's a nice way to put it...
doesn't it seem sometimes that there is just no end to revising??
it does totally feel that way. i have sooooo much to do!
i don't understand the harambe meme and why it gets quoted all the time.
because harambe shouldn't have been killed
. 3 rd september at aviation social center rate :15ghc performance live
brand new tune
awesome, see you in the am!!!
shall be fun tomorrow with y'all
major lapse - tho to be fair, trump gave sensible answers - but was it scripted?
i would imagine so. gonna miss the obamas, whatever happens...
i want to see this so bad. how can i get you to bring this to portland?
i would love to! will be performing up there at bearrucuda on nov 12
wr's are worse
ridley especially
some fool on fox said that only the metally deranged are trump supporters. guess all the medal recipients at deranged!!!! all the generals,
proves fox gets their talking points from .
i know the nyc a&amp;m club used to have game watching parties at the hog pit as of 2 years ago
yes i just found out they still have it! thanks!
2. they very open minded &amp; smart. this is bankers best quality. arguments/discussions often end with an, "oh, you are right. thanks"
i'd say very stubborn about core views, but very flexible about details/execution.
a staffer who was promptly fired, big deal
it's a big deal that trump lied about hillary's responsibility, but not that dems are ducking responsibility? ok.
yes, yes it is!!!
oh please don't say that. i may have to babysit a 2-year-old. yikes! i hope i'll be safe.
and to think, he's a nhl head coach
he's giving mike brown a tryout....that says it all!
exactly. it's not just rising seas. it's food chain collapse.
...and how that in turn escalated the arab spring
my new gina canvas picture just got delivered.what you think and all team gina
she never takes a bad pic team gina
it irks me how underrated the dreamcast was. had some solid games &amp; it was the first system with online capability i wish mine still worked.
mine broke recently and i'm v upset about it
i appreciate it bro, i may talk some smack but nothing serious. kevin n i are meeting up tomorrow.
i'll be tailgating and suppose to meet up too..nice
pretty sure i read it on wikipedia tho so i dunno tbh, would be cool tho, kesha is awesome
i'm claiming her
has his role changed deliberately though?
yes...aw use him to press higher up the pitch
*must* *not* argue with trump supporters on twitter
you have no idea that painful, vein-bulging restraint i've exercised the past year.
i wish he would do something like that again
yes omg hey did you see the video i posted
which are the most creative us cities? ace interactive analysis of 100k kickstarter projects
paul, not sure if you follow - his take on tax avoidance was amazing
nice to meet , who'll sing the anthem at . told him this yamaha is very similar to mine.
pleasure to meet you!
i tried to quit my job today and got told no? wish i was more aggressive hahaha
this happened to me at kinneys in potsdam!! "no, we don't have the people to replace you right now."
it fuckin sucks. all that work
yeah i know me and john would have been at like almost 30
nyc a&amp;m club will be at the hog pit (37 west 26th st).
awesome, we'll stop by. thanks!!
i have two other cats but they keep swatting him lol mainly my girl cat guess i needa get him fixed asap cus he won't shut up
is she fixed???
we have people who come into the coffee shop i work at and play music or facetime with people without headphones in there
bitches that facetime in public i are the worst
aww hi! busy getting ready for a bar mitzvah
oh my goodness, congrats to your oldest! i can't believe it's that time already
was there last month, beautiful hiking!
i have a cabin in the park, so we come often. love it here
i'm not supporting chad with anyone else but abby. i never supported abby with ben.
i'm not saying i would like it. but if i had to choose between gabi and ciara, i'm going with gabi. that's all i'm saying.
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
crooked hiliary
ryan seacrest is apparently dating adriana lima, so let's revisit this when mercury is no longer in retrograde
what did i say (even tho it's still mercury retrograde)
finally a lie is a "lie" in headline. with only 51 days left to stop the liar.
a partisan hack, living in the bubble, this is a non issue, but with a sloven candidate like her, hope is all u got
my saturday has been ruined
should've came to bark in the park! we ate burritos after :,))
video=&gt;cbs news reporter major garrett has on air tantrum over trump 'birther' press event
their all showing their true colors
100% agree. ryoko is my second fav, btw
btw, start saving up, or hope your parents pick up the tab.
are these songs related in some way? is that their theme of the year, random songs?
i think the theme is "songs about zach's unrequited love"
the words of the day are ....
................i hate the tide
let's be clear: nothing-including an audit-is preventing trump from releasing his tax returns.
- lets be very clear - you are lying piece of horse shit - you should be in jail for treason and perjury
it's crazy how people expect you to be there for them 24/7 and be completely happy for them all the time and then never anything in return
don't let it get to you.
sure buddy. if that's what u say.
bullfrogs look bad.stay the course. i'll start freaking next year. need 2 bring in hill as assistant
i have two other cats but they keep swatting him lol mainly my girl cat guess i needa get him fixed asap cus he won't shut up
i have a boy &amp; girl &amp; just got the boy fixed cuz just like humans.. boys can't stop. too horny. the girls just wine in heat.
yeah, son you're grounded.
im bout to block u if you call me son/dad again i stg
this haircut got me feeling like a whole new man. for the next 3 days i'm too good for any of you females, and that's including beyonc
let me see what you looking like i could be yhe judge of that
and he's scared shitless of cuban.
he told him he was too stupid to understand what to ask, thats trump projecting a true fact about himself
you're good pretty much anywhere. market st and along embarcadero are good while walking, with grassy areas along the latter.
but are there places known for rarer pokmon? (wanna get the cool dad award.)
lets fucken go! 4 &amp; 1 turned to a downtown!
touchdown* sorry too excited
me too.hope james realizes nicole is not a nice person.can't even watch feeds because of two shit talker
id love to see james win that money but together is just as happy of a ending for me
iam down psn o_marxu_o
can u hold ur own weight
when someone tells u something that crazy that usually wakes u right up
not necessarily.. i'm a deep sleeper tbh i don't even be remembering
black panther char.
oh yes that won't make cops shoot you. brilliant.
aaaaand thus begins the time of year when i think almost constantly about choral music.
i mean, since middle school, the time between now and christmas has involved prep for at least one concert, with me in at least 2-3 choirs.
btw, start saving up, or hope your parents pick up the tab.
parents are happy to spend my inheritance :)
i have a boy &amp; girl &amp; just got the boy fixed cuz just like humans.. boys can't stop. too horny. the girls just wine in heat.
whine* &amp; they don't bleed thank god
jeremy buendia is unbeatable
idk terry's not far behind
the collective yawn at this is probably most surprising to me. where'd all that sanctimony around anything touching the attacks go?
this was common place. every business south of canal street got money if they applied. a moral choice...
"editorial: gary johnson deserves spot in presidential debate" via ?
please. you've achieved more than you could have imagined. time to support hillary.
it just figures: the media are now blaming donald trump for their lowest ratings in history - a distinction they earned all by themselves!
not sure what to watch after dt gets elected.
muslims are most disliked group in america, says new study
well, when a group of people tell you they are going to kill you, then proceed to do it, that engenders dislike.
fyi, i'm very interested in relocating to europe this summer, so if anyone has any leads on visa opps for an asshole american, let me know.
i have self-employed friends living in amsterdam under the dutch american friendship treaty
damn fresno serving san mateo right now
what's score
they're not on pace to give up 63 so
actually they are, at the rate they're going, 24 straight in 8 minutes, doofus. fuck outta my mentions.
that would be... the most ridiculous thing ever. but definitely worth it!
lol! we drank silver oak out of dixie cups with bob lurie, al rosen and roger craig. this cup's a step up. ha!
i'll never understand why $$ matters when lives are on the line. murder is murder whether sanctioned by the state.
what if executing were a public obligation like jury duty, could you pull the switch? vote to repeal the in ca! vote
his high press was bypassed far to easily many times today &amp; against better opposition santi gets punished.
that will happen regardless...arsenal doesn't move as a unit yet
spread it illegal immigrant activist who criticized trump's comments about mexican rapists has been charged w/ rape
see...hilary supporters how would you feel if it were your daughter, grand daughter, niece, sister ? look forward to alot more w/hc
whoops i spent the day in actual heaven in the middle of a city.
this is gorgeous
i really love your prof pic!
thanks.. they r fun to create.
i mean, since middle school, the time between now and christmas has involved prep for at least one concert, with me in at least 2-3 choirs.
which is why i'm so psyched about how much choral/ensemble stuff i'm doing this fall. it just feels right.
my son is kinu
oh well my point still stands foh
when u coming home bro i'm bored
omw rn peep location
actually it was announced they were dating on nov 4th, 2015
i can fix that
jimmy fallon makes light of hillary's health during 'tonight show' visit
noticeably absent was any pickle jar openings, is she so weak?
. on yr channel i heard do tennessee whiskey have u heard do it?
yes i have and they do 1 helluva job!!
yea so is my other cat and he's a boy, i've never seen my boy cat in heat but my girl acted the same way when she was
boy don't go in heat.. they just stay in it.. like they are trying to mate at all times so fix him now lololol
lmaooo oh okay! cool what time?
945 we going to the movie with the recliner seats
yea barkley and karl always kept their composure good point
no defending that pippen move though. that's all time trash move.
finally trying out the new avedauk tulasara oil and face brush tonight - it's like a mini facial...
. tried that product and was completely broken out.be safe.try our skin care rodan and fields contact at rerescue.com
happy birthday to nigeria's amazing soul singer ...here is wishing you a great year...
brand new tune
does the sidechain make it future funk?
needs more anime
i know what you mean. i guess it's pick your poison.
gabi to me just seems like the lesser of two evils lol.
true haha you have to know like 3 different things to fully get it
true. i didn't feel so geeky as much as creepy that i knew the high school movie (top picture) and i'm 42.
so now we compare election results polls?
no, the point is that it's dumb to compare election results to polls.
all the "welcome to brooklyn" sign slogans, ranked
how is the fugheddaboutit one not no. 1
roller coaster time
you guys should stop by superman. i may or may not be working right now.
the bike lane design rally encourages it
those are bike lane/loading/parking zones exactly as designed them
thank you so much lisa! so happy you like them. :) the dog looked tough but was a sweet heart. a lot of fun :)
they do. we have a boxer bulldog mix and she is the sweetest thing! you are very talented!!
toronto: young barack obama film 'barry' goes to netflix
arrest this asshole
you ever see an artist's work and go
is there another way to see other people's work
i know what you mean. i guess it's pick your poison.
even though i have enjoyed gabi more since she came back.
dude i literally have no recollection of last night
well that's not good
no slander coming he pulled off the greatest feat in nba history don't matta nomo
still sub .500. he not making to ecf this year but football on.
in 4 words or less, how does your business rise above the competition?
integrity, passion, trust, empowerment.
she used to work for the menacing liar (cruz) &amp; now she's on the pathological liar's payroll. utterly shameless.
she sure is
how far in advance do you usually have to make reservations?
it's walk in :)
it enough bro. you should call . he drive's a cab
what's worse driving a cab or being a drug addict loser who has no money after wrestling for how many decades?
i watched it again now "yeah baby" omg i'm done
i loved that he said that
wow stupid and delusional hey hp lmfao nope nope nope
2 year cycle lol these ppl have no idea what the hell they are talking about . sony isn't ending generation for awhile
volleyball won our tournament today and now my grandparents are coming from california great day man
so proud of you
i have an actual question: what the hell is wrong w/ california that it easily tops the charts in hate crimes? (no it's not b/c population)
the dominant culture of ca has an ethos that places feelings over reason,and the "rights" of a group over individual liberty
i absolutely saw you doing this reading it
lmfaooo. i do love astrology though!! i'm not the local newspaper horoscope type bitch!
that actually happened??
tbh sayds' avi triggers me so much it reminds me of the video
i'm trying to find this out as well
i have the series 2 now, seems identical to series 1. think they may have just removed the marketing dlc mentions.
thanks for sharing your tweet..made me laugh as hard as it did when went down. sharing with friends..we all need humor
need more laughs? check my standup
hate crimes against american muslims have soared to their highest levels since right after the september 11 attacks.
trump campaign chief steve bannon used to host a radio show that catered to islamophobia.
what are you watching here?
mack is good. but other than that, not big. certainly not 42-3 gap. maybe like 21-14 gap
i'm at blue bottle coffee - in brooklyn, ny
lol hey from around the corner
at anyone can take your developed photos, videos and get all of your personal information off the envelope
why don't you just give your address now and safe him the trouble?
he is such an a hole
also just a lousy coach in general.
we just left there!
whoa!!! awesome!! never made it to gram parsons spot tho! have fun. amazing skies.
omg nooo lol he's gonna drive me crazy! do you know if it's cheaper to go to a humane society to get him fixed or just a vet ?
i googled about it &amp; found a place in escondido that did it for $50 @ a little vet place. but i know you moved so idk
wait hold up i know we aint going to let this man slide with the thong flip flops and socks lmfao
look at those shorts too
this is so obvious! red and white stripes remain intact. hillary and podium completely disappear! hillary is a lie! doesn't exist
i just saw this &amp; it's freakin scary
welcome to the angola travel plaza where all the employees are fuckin dating
r u dating rhine then
clutch blocking . shoutout to the big bro for the help getting into the end zone
aye! no problem bro bro, hopefully they keep feeding you
it's forgotten because we want to forget it. dear god the animation... and the voice acting... and the writing...
this is one of the reasons i like to point to 2011 as the end of batmania, it &amp; dark knight rises really didn't land
too funny: pence says half of drumpence's supporters are deplorables! not an onion article!
watched tv trump/pence rally ny today. pence in dreamland thinking maybe when he takes over potus cuz trump in jail. crowd zzzzz
"don't smoke it if you ain't roll it" -my mom lol
that's real too
as far as i'm concerned it's all about presentation.
there just aren't any hard and firm rules, it's all very mercurial
link? that sounds fascinating.
read it too long ago to remember the exact piece but here's some:
luckily they let me finish the show. shoutout to nypd
they've always been an understanding bunch
so i bet they started dating before that actual date which we will never know
yeah im just going off the official dating announcement
clinton's and the coal 1994
re-tweet .....get the word out to all hc supporters ! she will take your husbands, sons, jobs, we cant allow this to happen
i can't believe people are still talking about the safari icon.
it's really ugly.
adam &amp; brian ! so beautiful ! (pic by ajs_1979 instagram)
queen must come to the usa. especially new york city!!!
what happens when someone calls 911 about two white kids with bb guns in a park in ohio? spoiler alert: nobody dies.
.........to cop/man u r either a minnow or a carp....
3 rings who counting
he owe ray allen his life but football on
that fuck thupreme guy was wearing supreme boxers
he said cuz supreme to his dick
well, i don't see a comment on the blog post...?
i'm not going to do that, it makes it feel really defensive - and that's not really a position i want to put myself in
al be back cycling tuesday after a year out
good man mate start off easy
. can ya'll please hook me up with a new one
let's see if we can find any
a social network with three parts: timeline (like twitter) profile (like facebook) chat (like imessage)
hell, these could be 3 separate products, so long as they persist relationships &amp; content.
i can see that, though "if foo=nil" is a compile time error.
writing if(nil==foo) will save you from accidental, and legal, if(foo=nil)...which can be very hard to catch
which is why i'm so psyched about how much choral/ensemble stuff i'm doing this fall. it just feels right.
my senior year of hs, i was in 9 choirs. if it were possible, i would do that now and be elated about it.
good morning to you too. have a lovely day. it's 23.16 pm here, so good night.
thanks dear friend.
yup, i'll be there
great! i'll look for you. i'm wearing gray and have reddish hair (but i also am wearing a nametag, lol)
it's a little-known provision that many people don't know. the cabinet has never removed a pres.
nor has congress ever removed a potus. only voters, term limits and the grim reaper
i wonder if people who believe in "zero government" would actually want to live in a place with no government at all.
i'm so happy i live without police in my township, no police, damn highwaymen.
taurian and regg better crown me as winner foh!
what i do now?
okay i'll have to just look up some places. thank you for the info haha i prob would've waited another couple weeks to see if
you're welcome. i already ruined my moms old house not fixing me boy cat lol. i feel it. good luck!!
it's really too bad about the failure of snowden because now oliver won't get to make "the lynne stewart story."
being punished for his dad's wall st "chops" probably
think clinton team may want to direct even more dollars to the needling budget
isn't the nytimes guilty of missing trump constant barrage of lies.
which team?
hmm. not sure what team their on.
they've been doing it ever since chip kelly. going for 2 every chance. always hoped one day it would cost them a big game.
it won them a game in 2010, sadly. that and cal's inability to make a 29-yard field goal (though they managed to make from 53)
haven't seen dkr, but i tried to watch btb and my god it was atrocious.
it really bugged me that even though they were using cool obscure villains they just made them into main foe analogues
hey man, i've been great! busy! u? do you have something for me to hear? demo or sample? and did you already write lyrics?
good pal. thanks! sure dm me ur email and i will have the track sent in a couple of days. if u like it we can start right away.
omg i took it off him and he started trying to burrow under it, so i put it back on.
he loves it let him wear it forever!
we attract asian guys
goal next webster show: get door guy #
i've had hiccups 3 times this evening! can't stop!!
did you have someone frighten you? that might help!
the bushes are helping the clintons today. kasich is rallying for obama. i'm glad everyone's cards on are the table.
and the movement is with: trump !!!!!
very disappointing. have you seen the breitbart jerusalem section at all? andrew was very proud of darby, stranahan &amp; many others.
true. andrew loved lee, for sure. but the alt-right stuff would have made him vomit continuously.
iron fist just teased misty knight, forgot to screenshot
and colleen wing and shang chi!
silence is not consent. getting woman drunk for the purpose of later having sex with her is premeditated rape.
i guess she shouldn't engage in binge-drinking then.
it really bugged me that even though they were using cool obscure villains they just made them into main foe analogues
hell, they didn't even bother to research that professor pyg's name is pyg, short for pygmalion
thanks - dreamy roses...same to you there!
dear friend you are most welcome
the best part about making an over used plot, is the chance to make it better than others.
and in a way the original is scared to go
awareness month omfg
what did you just say to me?
would it be tacky to wear my ivy park headband or should i just wear a hat
bitch you going to?
if truck is in proportion to 11' lane, why not 8' lane? if not proportion, why show at all?
joke graphic? more funny if showing an 8 y/o biking near trucks on those paint scraps
she's been okay. she has annoyed me the last couple of weeks.
me too. but overall i like her a lot more this time around.
432 park avenue art at the whitney
poor one57! slow sales and no art
couldn't be me
couldn't be me either bae
looking for love in the ikea showroom
us in the sheepskin rug box
it suddenly got really cold in here. (sorry. can't help myself. i'm nothing if not candid.)
love that his henchmen wear adelson shirts. you should make your peeps wear sacca shirts :-)
nothing you getting all defensive
i mean you skipped my bday so i'm always kinda on edge
@@@ let her know bruh
see i would.. but i'm too scary lol
well, for sure. and mostly. they don't have anything resembling a real-time, broadcast timeline...
and they've got just a ton of other useless crap hanging around that makes it hard to use.
this de la soul documentary hitting real hard for me
the de la soul is not dead one? also check the dungeon family doc on netflix
very worried about this offense
i've had the feeling that our best qb has not played a snap yet this year
gentrification comes to park slope
oh no was that the burger joint?
toronto: young barack obama film 'barry' goes to netflix
arrest him for impersonating a president, an american, a christian and a male
just found out my moms not in the country lmao wow
just found my dad's leaving in a couple of days
here you have it
conversely fsu has to play against acc refs, tried and tested, entire 2013 team in nfl excelling.
were not going to accept any of that filthy money unless it's in the form of reparations to the nation
you speaking for the families or just talking shit?
stay tuned for the brawl of the century: jaime vs sandra
place your bets y'all
thanks brother
what's the timeframe of healing after a hip replacement?
the orange county district attorney told victim "unconsciousness is rape; black-out drunk is not rape".
she's actually correct in that legal distinction.
i want to design a cheap, high quality successor to the technics 1200
it should be cheap enough for hobbyist djs to afford and maybe a rugged model that can take the beating of being on tour
on the road agaiiin
lol idky i thought of donkey from shrek
u trying to drink some pumpkin beer? cinnamon rim
not really a fan of pumpkin but just left the liquor store honey boo boo chiiiiild
every time i go to nyc i have a terrible time ?? someone show me the right way to do things here
this tweet broke my heart
shouldn't endanger public safety like this. same story at every firehouse.
right. meant to tag . a lot of pal for the fields/courts.
how about snipping a street in 2 &amp; creating a 1 block park w bike/ped-only traffic? way to go vancouver!
it looks just like the southwest corridor park in south end.
obviously you don't understand how communism works.
i lived through the cold war. i know enough.
great audience at festival cider talk. passed around still bittersweet ciders &amp; they loved it. hecks &amp; . america is ready.
: cheers michael. best from tom.
just found my dad's leaving in a couple of days
i've been exiled from my family
lol im living in nj got 3months here
oh que lindo! and you ain't tell me or shelsea, wow i see where we stand in your life
night maids, farm workers, much construction, basically any mediocre service jobs r illegals here in ca
be careful not to further left's lies: majority of workers in all trades you list,as well as cab drivers etc are us citizens
see i would.. but i'm too scary lol
why bruh lol what's worse that could happen
i need to get unblocked
yo can we talk about this..
i really want him too
bro he gonna violate this stupid nigga
and do me while you're at it, fass!
haha that too
tough but fair
they were both equally twisted tho
ha just sayin. they let me down today on my coupon.
they let a lot of people down, people were expecting another thrashing i think!
every time i go to nyc i have a terrible time ?? someone show me the right way to do things here
i think you just have to get out midtown if that's where you are
the orange county district attorney told victim "unconsciousness is rape; black-out drunk is not rape".
then they girl obviously isn't a "rape victim" if she was merely drunk and had sex which she later regretted.
i'm about to get drafted to the nba. just play usa hoops after finishing winning a national title.
you know what they say, ball is life
have had a couple of shitty days. booted up chrono trigger. all is right in the world.
my head swims with it
welcome to the safety zone
the safety zone even has its own guest welcomer. i like grass spiders but they may not be what everyone wants to be greeted by
b2b marketing pro tip: building a successful pipeline probably takes a step change in effort. 100 emails a day, not 3 a week.
"most solutions either all human or all software but ideal is humans aided by software. easy to use &amp; more efficient." -
dont yall got bigger crimes to pursue than sittin outside a clothing store waitin on my mans?
nope you got it wrong. they were called not posted up.
given the choice between 's account &amp; blumenthal's denial, i'll take asher every time. no contest.
but somewhat undermined by his excessive use of hashtags and exclusion of @ tagging
working at the movie theater may be a pain, but at least my bosses see my effort. hopefully i'll be getting a raise soon so fingers crossed!
good luck with that, i hope your hard work is rewarding, if not there then definitely in the booth, ha ha!
perfect. thank you!
glad to provide!
why bruh lol what's worse that could happen
she dub me via twitter then i turn into the laughing stock of the night, lol
upset. team u.s.a. falls to team europe in its opening game of world cup of hockey.
fuck john tortorella
hey now i came home last night and i was there this morning!! i'm a busy girl sorry
yeah whatever i'll see you at christmas
a big win for : sufferers can now get
definitely a win! kudos to nj!
it should be cheap enough for hobbyist djs to afford and maybe a rugged model that can take the beating of being on tour
i'm not even sure i could be a decent dj but i love the art and the distance between $50 record players and $500+ technics is vast &amp; empty
okay now this is bothering me. plz pick one.
jordan and barkley ain't winning 6 titles together.
5th row behind the net, not too shabby!
have a blast! goonerfest next week? in your neck of the woods
the orange county district attorney told victim "unconsciousness is rape; black-out drunk is not rape".
drunk sex is not "rape".
reactions to reports about rumors of the jeff fisher extension have been entertaining, so i'm excited to see reactions when it becomes real.
must be some sort of brewster's millions scenario.
awwwwwww hello cutie she looks beautiful as usual.. and smiley
she's a happy girl when her tummy is full!
forgot misogyny sucks? son and father outside my grocery just screamed i should be flattered by crude groans because it was a compliment!
you know the old saying: the asshole doesn't fall far from the tree.
two of my buddies were at the game and called me and put the phone on speaker so i could hear the excitement
woah that's awesome
founder in bio told me "the next 30 years in venture will be the bio era". tough to disagree
the bioeconomy.
- but now i'm thinking it might get old very quickly. i hope i'm wrong though
my only problem with it is there aren't all the colorful characters that keep my childlike brain happy
well that was some shit.
the french horror film?
u didn't ask me if i wanted anything.. what kind of roomie r u
i'm used to you being lame
oh god. so many people would rejoice! she's more dangerous than saddam ever was.
don't get all excited, our country is not that lucky.
there's a cocoapods mac app?!
proof in the pudding, it's genuinely awesome too.
i apologize that my layout looks like shit
i actually like it :))
not a bad way to soend time i guess.
i think i definitely try to make it fun for her! don't mind being that dad!
it's as megamind said. what makes one super is
ikr? i mean it can't be costume or secret identity or powers or comic adaptation as there are heroes that go against all that
is it real squad? just wondering
who i'm playing with in the 2k tomorrow.
just had to get this off my chest lol. get that hot ban
did u win tho!?
honestly, we all need to begin asking ourselves before any life decision, "what is the right thing to do?"
wait.... doesn't that go against the founders intentions of ?
well, they did lose the french and indian war, which resulted in them having to abandon fort toulouse in alabama and move to la.
also have a vineyard (vignes), fountain (fontenot), monk (lemoine), cheval (knight), rye grower (soileau) and a beard (barbay)
i'm not even sure i could be a decent dj but i love the art and the distance between $50 record players and $500+ technics is vast &amp; empty
i feel like i need a technics just to play vinyl at home and they trend $1-1.5k only sold in pairs on cl
i never dreamed it would be so hard to find a dang friend to go to the game tomorrow! i guess!
if we were friends i'd go with you even though i'm a 49er fan.
the truth that he's a felon? yeah, i guess it does hurt him
only because of obama. dinesh is brilliant.
curious what is happening with pokmon go. is it over?
here's a decent post on decline in use and what it says about activity apps in general (tl;dr: hard).
dropped charges against
this is very good news and a victory for honest journalism.
parker high alumn in atlanta get premium seating?
ha ha !!!! i got love for the thundering herd....this time
this is what a deplorable looks like. this guy. rt :
ho lee sh*t. (my grandma was right. that knock on the door can still come any day.)
my hair went from... down my ass, to boob length. thank you
it looks healthy and fresh as fuck
wanna know about my day? "i'm 3 jack and cokes deep and just made an indian woman cry while getting the big ten network "right f@&amp;!ing now!"
"i'm not here to hang out, i'm here to drink!"
.' infographic nicely explains what is, and why we should be wary of it
one of the clearest, and easiest-to-understand explanations of isds i've read so far.
i'm hoping the early childhood tech certificate will pay off.
learning new stuff will 'pay off'
where is ? do you only handle things after it's too late? this is a crime.
i was honorably discharged from us navy nov. 1, 1963. i saw this in manhattan then.
birthday bass, left and right.
awww, that's a fun birthday! i hope he had a good one!
but there's so many, you aren't wrong
steven,this is obama govt data-yet rinos like mccain parrot the lies
i feel like i need a technics just to play vinyl at home and they trend $1-1.5k only sold in pairs on cl
magnet drive and the stylus strength are the key values afaict
you going to the texas game tonight?
no. probably doing the utah game in two weeks.
are we staying up to watch ladies
you have to! will take us all to space and claim the universe as her kingdom
also, rayguns. because this is dark &amp; edgy, but still kid-friendly, of course.
"our main villain will be anarky" "cool, he never gets much exposure!" "and he'll be a transparent joker rip-off" "ah poop"
he stopped being funny to me when he started really beating guys up like,nah,that's excessive lol
lmfao he a bully. i said if he ran up on me i'm taking that l cuz i'm not bout to look pussy on the internet lol
woulda loved some beer , but its ok:)
i got us gin and tonics
kasich meets with obama on trade deal: 'we've gotta get this done'...
fine line between megalomanic, egomaniac, mentally unstable &amp; vindictice sore loser = &amp; too... loses
have a ball man, should be good.
heading to at&amp;t now!
'after today airstrikes we come to terrifying conclusion for entire world: us defends isis' - russian fm spokeswoman
this is100% about r lousy bankrupt world owner 8yrs drunken stumbling.lock that whore(bis)up
on iphone 7 black. i've been looking for this great black color. next up: macbook pro black.
without a case, though, i'm scared to drop it...
hello! are these quinlan vos, dooku and geonosians i see in this concept art for tcw?
i don't recall what episode that's from.
happy birthday to nigeria's amazing soul singer ...here is wishing you a great year...
brand new tune
california here i come!! so excited to go stateside tomorrow with the family
if you come to their belmont office, it's near me &amp; i can take you running through the redwoods!
hes taking black votes away from were you really charged with 7 felonies diana?
yup. all charges dropped. dirty cop stole the 'evidence.' sfpd is famous for that kind of stuff.
so do you agree with the majority of trump voters that obama is kenyan?
please stop lying. you have zero evidence that a "majority of trump voters" believe that. he doesn't.
chance the rapper***
that's a technicality
tend to use it to exec "bash" and dig in deeper. v. new still and exploring helps me so much
yeah. i'm thinking it will be a way to run migrations as well in a rails app, at least.
thanks for mentioning this. i'm told they're trying to get it back, and expect it to be working tomorrow.
i tried one more time (didn't work )so it will have to be tomorrow per your comment. thank you very much.
magnet drive and the stylus strength are the key values afaict
i love how the backstory for "the get down" reveals how was a geek who stumbled on the ugliest turntable ever
so do you agree with the majority of trump voters that obama is kenyan?
please stop dodging the issue, which is racism. the fact that some believe obama is a fraud/liar is not racist.
saban is the ncaa's bitch.
maybe the other way around lmao
1. would st. vincent even do it? 2. homme fits the more "radical" departure from the norm. think bennett.
i wonder about here too
one play never felt so enormous. lehigh 28, penn 28, halftime.
u saw it better than us.kept phone in w's purse to watch. up the ad of 2 wks film.carving d.d confused on too many plays.must adapt.
the superpowers definition has always been the weakest to me, because it never applies to supervillains.
plus we've got green arrow, batman, black widow, and hawkeye running around being superheroes so it's hardly universal
oh, now i know why you flunked bar exam. any lawyer knows don't tell client to release any tax returns when audited
an accountant would advise their client the same way. she's just grasping at straws now and it shows.
aparently unconscious sex is rape but blackout drunk sex isn't rape? i was not told.
why would drunk sex "be rape"? just because she regrets engaging in drunk sex, doesn't mean she isn't responsible for her choices
in what universe ?
i would love the drugs he is on
he is going out his way to stack the deck this year...it's like he doesn't take this fictitious battle seriously :p
does take anything seriously?
i love how the backstory for "the get down" reveals how was a geek who stumbled on the ugliest turntable ever
... and it evolved into the gold standard.
new cnn breaking is revolting against and are voting for rt alert
awesome revolt it is! with everyone standing united with trump we can beat clinton nov 8th no more lies clinton
does that make me a 'bad person'does being a yankee fan make me 'evil' these are important questions anne
nope not a bad person. have plenty of friends who go for the so it's fine. just not my favorite...
lol who isn't??? how are you doing?
yup! i'm doing very very well. joined a gym! . how are you?
does anyone want to go to benihana's with me ?
the real question is, who wouldn't want to go anywhere with you?
cv @ sv 1:30! come watch as puts on a show
i tried brother
30 minutes till of pulp fiction on !
ready and psyched to represent thinking some thoughts about sweaty bruce willis twitter!
decided to start fresh this time with my iphone7. just going to download apps as i need them. let's see how it goes.
define "need"
if you try to have sex with a girl who's blacked out &amp; passed out that's called rape. and you are a rapist whether you're a drunk or a sober
why did she choose to drink so much?
it should also emphasize the bundling of the scm tools over ruby being bundled, that just makes it seem like you need a custom ruby.
make me an issue on the website ;)
beer me. me beer
i'll go back and get you beer if you come out tonight
proof in the pudding, it's genuinely awesome too.
i found and tried it a few days ago. loved the ux, but couldn't figure out how to use the latest cp version with it.
alright, thanks! thinking maude, broken spanish, night + market, chengdu taste. how do you feel about la vs. for sf sushi?
la has more good sushi spots. when sf is good, it's really good. but la has stronger scene overall.
college football is like life: it's really hard then you die.
rebs came to play. not sure who deserves to win right now. (again like life, right?)
1. brand awareness 2. continuous projected image 3. marketing 4. product (assembled only when necessary)
i wonder about (would st. v say yes?) too
i remember laughing-to-tears over this punchline
comedy gold
"the gop selects donald trump"
does seem like the times is ramping up their criticism, rightly so.
in fairness to the rams, adjusting to l.a. takes a few years. fisher is a native with impeccable freeway knowledge. gotta lock that up. ak
fisher doesn't know today's freeway congestion. it affects newbies and natives.
mexico largest exporter of illegal drugs poisoning and killing americans
build wall now ........
got drafted to the bum ass jazz i'm sick
my pg went to bucks and my sg went to mini soda
lose rex you lose the whole staff. for guy that couldn't be successful as oc with a qb like rivers? this a joke?
ok tell me just who has had success with rivers? what make him so great? i'm looking for a new mind with new ideas for us
does compensate patients for participation in peer reviews? cause everyone else at the table is paid to be there!
i have been a patient merit reviewer and was paid for review and travel for the face-to-face meetings
as someone who has been straight edge for more than 10 years.... 99% of straight edge clothing brands are so whack and cringeworthy.
i'm curious to know what the 1% is because i don't think one exists.
every saturday i order the same thing from the same chinese place and every week it's a different price..
the absolute most true thing ive ever read
i found and tried it a few days ago. loved the ux, but couldn't figure out how to use the latest cp version with it.
you can't, atm it is still a bit of a process to ship builds, so only for stable releases
they almost went out of market with new plus-size brand springing up and ladies refusing to wear the rigid design...
ah, you'd know better. their ads are brilliant and they embrace big but not curvy women. yay for me.
toronto: young barack obama film 'barry' goes to netflix
enemy of the state!
what a strange, confused piece of writing. sex where one party is too drunk to consent or feels coerced is rape
no such thing as "too drunk to consent". lol. it's such a subjective notion. is a drunk driver ever "too drunk to be arrested"?
the truth is as james said. the clinton foundation stole from the ppl of haiti. google it.
stop deflecting. i was talking about trump using his foundation $ on personal expenses eg self-portraits
ok i could drive down. my wife is totally cool with that! we are talking 2 friends(new). at a game right?
just kidding. but really my wife would probably go to disneyland for the day
it'll pull power from the phone itself.
how much of a power drain is that on a phone? could you charge from usb power pack while also using headphones?
i just saw that shirobako collection video and your passion has inspired me to check out the anime
this may be my life's greatest accomplishment
it's gotta kill a germaphobe every time he dribbles a basketball.
i never gave much thought to germaphobia until i got deathly ill sticking my fingers in random holes. that's why i never bowl.
the american version
so finally did remake it. the 2008 version is quite brutal. you should check it out.
i have now discovered 2 of 10,000 lakes in minnesota. i'm coming for ya, water bodies
looks like u jumped ship at a very convenient time. ps can't say the same about all those shares of tyrod your stuck with
been to this city three times. first time i've ever come to the bridge
great picture
holy shit, i hate the verge so much lately "$40 is too expensive for software on your $1k+ computer"
look, if you can't afford a mac that's not shameful. chromebooks are awesome! there's great windows oems building great ultrabooks
free momey, og alaskan thunderfuck, and alaskan women let's go
alaska just might be a winter paradise
so true. it is funny and sad at the same time. they see this false prophet of a clown as their salvation.
salvation from what?
not ready to deal wth 16 year olds on drugs tonight lololol save me
ahahaha good luck &amp; have fun
great venue and perfect weather to cap off
have you been raiding craig sager's closet?
looking for a great new place in nyc for tonight. so far no luck.
beast of bourbon in bed stuy. or fette sau in wburg. fette sau has better bbq, but good booze. beast of bourbon the opposite.
not a high school ball
still impressive to throw it 100 yards tho, a lot of mfs can't even throw it 40 yards lol
unless there's publicly broadcast audio or video of her saying obama wasn't born in the u.s., your claim means 0.
right. so by that logic, if supporters tweet s'thing racist that's no reflection on him, right?
there is no way you were ever that old in the 80's. how old are you?
haha true! it was definitely the 90s by then lol. good call! was born in the 80s.
look, if you can't afford a mac that's not shameful. chromebooks are awesome! there's great windows oems building great ultrabooks
but let's not pretend like people with iphones and macs aren't buying luxuriant products for a luxury lifestyle.
ouch! no joke - team usa has the best jerseys in the tourney anyway
is tortorella successful anywhere he goes anymore?
up 5-0 then they disputed and are trying to cancel lmfao
lmao fucking pussies.. i played nucturnal for a $1 and he camped spawn
47m "what use is a dream if not a blueprint for courageous action?" -- bruce wayne
some days you just can't get rid of a bomb!
the irony is you pretending you are black. you are a member of (((media)))
i'm an award-winning social entrepreneur. and author. not media.
and the way he said that
yeah when he said yeah baby after speaking french
but let's not pretend like people with iphones and macs aren't buying luxuriant products for a luxury lifestyle.
sure some folks save up for a long time to get a nice computer or a nice phone, but that's not a majority of apple customers
i strongly endorse this $5.50 yogurt from dean &amp; deluca. don't care for the name, though: white mustache.
and you can reuse the glass jar!
your dealer fucked you over if you think 7 grams are in that
i had been smoking it for a cool min before i took the pic nice try tho.
...that the term "superhero" is more of marketing thing than a particular character category.
the biggest thing is that "superhero" as a genre emerged out of wedding together pretty much all popular genres
just watched blackfish. i'm team tilikum to the death. fuck seaworld as a staff, tourist attraction &amp; as a motherfucking crew.
they already ended the killer whale exhibitions bruh. chill.
she must have been blind
hey that hair used to pull females
spotted: man wearing 'pornhub moms' t-shirt
i can assure you that he looked exactly like the type of person you'd expect to wear that kind of shirt
those look remarkably like 20 shipping containers on end. i think i see where you're going with this ;)
lovely building
does someone want to fall in love with me?
sign me up for that karlee and i won't take your heart to a pawn shop lol.
sure some folks save up for a long time to get a nice computer or a nice phone, but that's not a majority of apple customers
so yeah, fuck you the verge for perpetuating the bullshit narrative around software pricing's race-to-the-bottom.
you can't, atm it is still a bit of a process to ship builds, so only for stable releases
gotcha. that's unfortunate cause of all the xcode 8 stuff (and there's always something), but it felt very good to use.
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
they are bringing up old news that shows what an excellent businessman you are.
i'm on grindr, talking to local guys about mr. trump. gays are coming out of the woodwork.
my son, nephew &amp; his partner are all voting for trump. thanks for the hard work you are doing scott!
it is so gross to me when people leave the milk out of the fridge like bro its gonna spoil
people who drink milk freak me out
lol man! the past 2 weeks i've said birds. been feeling jeffery this week tho
i was jeffery, then i saw travis perform it live + the documentary and all the other activations around the tape, it's tough
but you stand by your view that the site is not friendly to jews. i see no evidence of it. you think milo would make andrew vomit?
andrew would probably love milo.
i have a crush on a flight attendant from flight 48 wed morning from vegas to jfk lol tessa or terra is her name!
if she is single tell he to contact me!
what i'm boutta do to this
where. do. i. get. this??
trying to make an autistic fetish user understand the mature content filter is like trying to get a calculator to do spellcheck, impossible.
just like what blackbustercritic said about barneyfags.
yeah knowing that a person is unpredictable because they do not subscribe to rational thought and emotion.
so... how're you holding up this election?
wow i did not know that. is this common knowledge amongst homosexual men?
i thought u were the one who was the gay jew.
so yeah, fuck you the verge for perpetuating the bullshit narrative around software pricing's race-to-the-bottom.
"eye popping $40" i'm so mad about this carriers have discontinued subsidies it's literally impossible to not pay $800 for an iphone
i ranked dalton a bit higher this week.
thank u. i'm worried the ankle will be a problem for wilson
secret forstall hop-on ftw
he's *directing* the train. i'll see myself out now.
the irony is you pretending you are black. you are a member of (((media)))
i never 'pretend' to be anything. and most people in welfare are white, so. do your homework.
the best batman series ever produced for tv. top notch
spent many happy hours inside bruce timm's world.
gotcha. that's unfortunate cause of all the xcode 8 stuff (and there's always something), but it felt very good to use.
realistically, there's really only something during the awkward major xcode version transitions
what have you been up too in your time out of the game? besides obviously reflecting on your two footed challenge back in may
went back home to italy to clear my mind and reflect y i love this game and team
"most solutions either all human or all software but ideal is humans aided by software. easy to use &amp; more efficient." -
a theme in good pitches is that deep domain expert founders need to be able to come up 1000' and speak in layman's terms.
new york!!! man's here to play....
that asun is still waiting for you in brooklyn
happy birthday to my literal other half ily and hope you have a great night tn!
love ya gffff thank youu
honestly i would just buy some paint and get rid of it myself.
might have to
what a good little yelper you are!!! i need to go to munich!
haha i try. skip munich go to salzburg
ohhhhhhh well done! i'm so happy to hear you're very well i'm ok, waiting for a new jib, possibly next week.
fingers crossed you get a good job! you deserve it!
thanks savanah lol, we gotta kick it wit martin again lol
*savanna but yeee!
so finally did remake it. the 2008 version is quite brutal. you should check it out.
i bet the american version is a shot for shot remake. like qurantine, the 2008 remake of the spanish horror film rec.
gotcha. that's unfortunate cause of all the xcode 8 stuff (and there's always something), but it felt very good to use.
as with all this stuff, it takes a lot of free time to keep up with and maintain
what is this (new?) icon at the bottom right of my lock screen?
if you mean left, that's tweetbot, handoff, probably from other device?
one play never felt so enormous. lehigh 28, penn 28, halftime.
o is magnificent. shaf making clutch plays.up throwing underneath dbs.same coverages as last 2 wks.little pressure from front.ilbs nil
i get that we're supposed to hate ezrin and all but through blaze on, sonically speaking this album sounds great.
how do i listen?
a woman w/pneumonia kept a schedule that most of us wouldn't make it through. that's not weak.
this obese unhealthy woman was talking when the victims names were being read.
she really doesnt.
she basically showed she was a pick me with that headass shit
reactions to reports about rumors of the jeff fisher extension have been entertaining, so i'm excited to see reactions when it becomes real.
it will be i nteresting to see what the going rate for a slightly better than .500 coach is...
realistically, there's really only something during the awkward major xcode version transitions
realistically, that has been a constant the last two years with swift's churn.
looking for a great new place in nyc for tonight. so far no luck.
also, i still have enough bookers 25th for a few deep pours if you're around for another day (im in park slope)
behold the beauty of the pittsburgh wedding cookie table.
holy shit! nom
i'm so happy u did a no makeup shoot bc you look so beautifui and i feel inspired and confident
thank you love
hey man, i've been great! busy! u? do you have something for me to hear? demo or sample? and did you already write lyrics?
as for lyrics buddy. i'll explain everything in the email.
once a libra always a libra
libras text back
the fact that an assistant district attorney believes that is unacceptable
it's the law. drunk sex is not a crime in the us.
did you even know that there was a breitbart jerusalem section when you made that 'no friend of jews' statement?
no. but this seems like a semantic argument that i will only have with a member of . are you?
as with all this stuff, it takes a lot of free time to keep up with and maintain
and definitely not denying all the hard (and free) work that's appreciated, it's more the situation than anything.
- did you use 100% of your brain to watch it?
only 99.98%. that last bag of blue stuff was cut with ground up smurf
imagination and creativity expressed in a few seconds...
thanks ! glad you relate. creative soul you are :-)
congrats one more time bff love you forever
i love all three of these pics
exactly - trading halak means go from one of the best tandems to praying for greiss' health
isles are deep at goalie and d. depth up front is concern to me
playing man music all day long! can't wait for tonight's concert!
and i will be there too!
pics or u lion
fuck okay i'm lying
one play never felt so enormous. lehigh 28, penn 28, halftime.
botts did amp his calls a bit in 2nd q.
when the gang is getting roasted and can't do anything about it
when the gang can't be called the "gang" anymore because it's offensive and not pc enough
we cannot be promised redemption we must work out our salvation with fear &amp; trembling haven't u read kierkegaard
it would also help if phi phi hadn't argued reverse racism and heterophobia were real things on twitter.
i like camila. and i like her with jj too. that's part of the reason i hate this.
i agree. but they have to do something to spice things up. otherwise they become boring.
this case is infuriating
young women engage in binge-drinking in order to be able to easily consent to sex. she just regretted it.
why would i want the profile part
identity? at-a-glance bio info?
beast of bourbon in bed stuy. or fette sau in wburg. fette sau has better bbq, but good booze. beast of bourbon the opposite.
also, neither has reliable whiskey info online
don't rape. don't have sex when you're both drunk... you won't have a problem. it's that simple
why should someone not have sex with a drunk person?
and definitely not denying all the hard (and free) work that's appreciated, it's more the situation than anything.
aye, it's a naff environment to build build tools in. will be glad when swiftpm is useful.
doesn't even seem terribly expensive but what for i know?
. $40 is a lot of money to a lot of people, but i'd wager it's not so much money to most mac owners.
anyhoo - i want to write a music review which is unfortunate because i'm really terrible at writing about music.
but there are two new, incredibly sexy, yiddish cds out that i want everyone to listen to so, yeah, gotta figure that out
thank youu
no prob boo
no &amp; , on 's , i said that it was wrong, even if it helped !
it was to use it, danabrams but ! it was , that exonerated
we rolling with the big boys now [thankyou all so much &lt;3]
congrats sam
remember when persons rushed trump &amp; hillary on stage.trump panicked. hillary stood strong,quiet,grounded. ?'s
she looked terrified until her "handler" came out won't last 4 yrs
it'll pull power from the phone itself.
a pair of aa in the headphones is 50% more mah than an iphone 7 has, if my sleepy math holds up.
happiest bday to the one and only (5/6)
what a singularly superb compliment
the irony is you pretending you are black. you are a member of (((media)))
try reading the article why don't you. there was lots of gop support for that bill. nothing 'black' about that.
idk if you're busy, but first wives club and young adult were both added to amazon prime recently
i purchased fwc for my prime movie library. the only other movie i own is perks of being a wallflower lord help me.
me being a weenie: the oitnb opening sequence adds so much to the show if you skip it you are skipping art and you're tasteless homie
it sets the mood
if you recommend it, so it shall be.
and read "tiny beautiful things", as well.
here we go2 ceremonies=2dresses.kissing in church
wow look at that car. was there a reason for the two dresses
she doesn't need to worry. we berners won't vote for hrc or djt. they are both horrible.
and when you vote for third party you are voting for trump r u this dumb?
it automatically does "shuffle all" when nothing else is going on. i've had it do that because it lost my old queue.
at any rate, i just filed a bug report in the feedback assistant for the play queue problems i've been seeing for the last few betas.
and goal scoring know-how. that's the key to everything.
can i tell you how much i think chimera upgrades 4l over martin tho
yep, everything begins in earnest next week. *hugs*
awesome. i wish you all the best. i am sure everything will go well. :)^^
the irony is you pretending you are black. you are a member of (((media)))
not sounding too bright deplorable.
"isis-held stronghold of mosul, iraq,"
1sorry, it's very difficult to follow who is claiming what. i see now that two separate events are..
wow i guess he forgot the trade a game bullshit they did !
yeah guy is a class a puss
in go or in general? go doesn't allow that syntax.
well i'll be damned. i guess that's legal in c and not in go. so it's c-like but not too much.
same here chabby, jabi shld b the future younger couples they don't have to always write triangles
it's true that they don't have to always write triangles. but that's pretty much what soaps are known for.
happy saturday! our weekend is kid's games &amp; bday parties.
happy saturday love. miss your tweets hope your day is wonderful
well his detractors call him the queen of the alt-right. so where's all this alt-right bigotry that would have made andrew hurl?
oh please. if you can't see bigotry in the alt-right then this conversation is pointless.
y'all stupid ass bama fans still saying the refs are helping ole miss?? i'll wait....
they know it's not true. they are just nervous and want to win at all costs so they can brag.
yes! this felt so strange in how the author was like who can say he groped every woman he taught but who can really say
if it's just drunk sex, i don't see the issue here.
what even is a hamstring??
clearly they had theirs removed early on.
this was a fun show to work on. to test software i was developing, i got to work on shots!
one of the few shirts i got that summer! resistance is futile!
happy bday lovely! glad you got turnt last night, turn even more up tonight
thank you sm shar last night was so much fun!!
aha foreal tho i hope they have fun. im surprised you and ness not goin or they ain invite yall lol
tau gave your mom the tickets cause brit gotta work so they going for my moms bday lol
guitars eh? never would have guessed! figured it was 2mix or drum bus.
fat gtrs dooooooooood! fatter bass!!!!!
my son jon and i on the zip line.
no video of your face? didn't want us to see your tears of terror?
i did not get many responses to my suggestion of a fountain pen for a gift. how about a savings bond?
at my old bookstore we used to recommend: a1-volume encyclopedia of judaism; an unabridged dictionary; bartlett's quotations.
if both parties are drunk and consent to sex, should a girl be able to decide she didn't want to after sobering up &amp; then cry rape?
she can do whatever she pleases.
full beard??
gimme a month
rivers worst years came under him as oc. rivers is noted as a franchise qb. i'm all for new ideas but they have to make us better.
i guess my point is now is the time to nix rex. he has not done one thing to make this team better/opposite results in all
crazy maureen dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing , pretends she knows me well--wrong!
why ru talking about nonfactors? is anyone from the running for ? could any1 of them get the nomination?
thanks you too!
you're very welcome! :-)
what even is a hamstring??
clearly their's were removed early on.
who gives a fuck
they're not protesting the song (though we all should) you ignorant doofus, they're protesting police brutality.
give the nose ring a chance!
you right you right i'm speaking too soon
why would you ever waste energy arguing that fact. pick your battles like t mac in the hof
correct. maybe i'll learn 1 day.
today my first day of work after the holidays ... enjoy the weekend for me!
i'll play extra hard for you this weekend, (started already), and you will do the same for me all next week!
also with trump statements, you see mix of evasions (not aware of 'the details'?), lies, and just sloppy writing by his weak team.
this statement comes how many hours later?
ok fine, up to you. you didn't even know breitbart's focus on israel yet you slandered them on air as anti-semitic. that sucks.
spare me the disingenuous outrage.
having sex with someone who is unable to deny sex, (drunk, high etc) it's rape. if you use fear to get sex, it's rape.
"unable to deny sex"&lt;---that's the funniest thing i've seen all day!!! a woman on drugs who is "unable to deny sex"!!!!
i can't believe that the washington post called hillary a "fashion icon"! her painter's smock/vacuum cleaner bag wardrobe is hideous!
wapo fashion consultants are &amp; heftybag... volunteers 2 force feed hill as her dietician
this person sounds like a dim one. how do they find you my dear friend?!
your not so bright buddy found me . these deplorables always harass folks that don't align with their beliefs
when they release the remastered batman we're having a watch party with batsnacks
i am so down we can drink water in cups labeled "bat tears" and have dead parents roast beef. :d
toronto: young barack obama film 'barry' goes to netflix
imagine this asshole give americans a lecture on " who we are". it's just unbelievable, but idiots eat this crap up. lol
how did i not remember that pivotal scene from the series...
because of copyright disputes, never made it to syndication after 1977
tomorrow, let's keep this going. ready to battle with my brothers.
thump em missile
when you and your boy cop tickets from r250
brand new tune
hurts is talented beyond his years. no beef with him. we make silly mistakes on all fronts. supremely talented team that needs work.
they look like a team facing their first adversity. and responding.
highly recommend getting to know sf via a food tour
the molinari deli in north beach is cc
only in is "horse trips, falls, gets up, gets clean bill of health from vet" considered worthy of protests.
. because, you know horses, never fall, get up in the country!
one more flaw in the fantasy. seriously, : go .org, or go home.
can you explain why is right and not....
the failing has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
you, orange one, are the "laughing stock rag."
"not into drama" suggests the exact opposite in a dating profile. how much drama have you been involved in if you feel the need to say that?
it's like saying "definitely haven't murdered anyone." like, yeah, i didn't think that. now i do for sure
fuck this, i'm going to get a mani pedi
i left my fuckin wallet at home and didnt realize til it was time to pay for my gel mani
*during an improv scene set in a cemetery* : "you can't just un-dig someone!" she's the love of my life, guys
go fuck yourself
thanks for hooking it up
for those wondering, the photobomber is the big bro
no i just meant like... she tweeted less than a month so i'm hype for it to come out
ohhhhh that makes more sense
only l u handing me is the one u roll lol we will see soon haha
haha that was a good one, but aight! let me know when u want this work
should be in jail not on the campaign trail
she's not even a good liar... amongst her latest email releases she said "she couldn't stand obama " but i guess he can speak 4u
rivers worst years came under him as oc. rivers is noted as a franchise qb. i'm all for new ideas but they have to make us better.
anything is better than this
do you agree with ?
she is 150% correct government screws up pretty much everything they touch just saying
when you and your boy cop tickets from r250
brand new tune
couldn't even imagine that. she actually was asking about my job and how to apply
i did a travel assignment there ... i think the only reason i survived was bc i was used to med surg
the balls it takes for trump to release this statement is mind boggling. literally insane
it's outrageous. did a great opening. supporters have been duped. lol
what's good stranger
good morning
im craving chandos. i just had it last night. i need to marry a mexican. end of story.
that place is right by my station i fucken love it , their adobada meat
i sat down w the legendary to talk about pretty much everything, from day 1 to now! you can watch it here:
great interview, really enjoyed it :)
agreed, you should have to prove the idea (and your abilities) before getting free money to go waste
i hate the: promise new technology x to get funding then use funding to try and develop x.
this is getting a national re-release later this year. fred astaire said it was the greatest number ever filmed.
i'm no expert on dancing but i totally agree.
that... was actually a nice flight. remodeled sfo terminal, remodeled airplane, not crammed flight, employees seemed happy...
i flew american and united both this week. american was nicer. :)
i like how tech guys write essays about leaving their jobs like they are quitting led zeppelin or something
they do both often sound similar. 7 great years ending in my death from alcohol poisoning, on medium.
lol what? god no. i very much dislike gay jews. i think i was arguing with one tho
then why would you ask me a question about gays?
life is like food navia. one day you're sitting there eating some panera mac n cheese
wise words of trenton bayes, take notes people
so... the link that twitter lets you host to your own site? :-p
yeah, except 90+% of people don't and shouldn't have to maintain a website
and now a song from our sponsors for you: i can talk to them about making it public.
egads i'd never seen the video for this. holy moly
last time the vols started 3-0? 2004. what else happened in 2004? vols beat gators. let's make it happen in 2016.
no chance.... the last 11 times they played
i dont see one black face in these stands
once i started looking for that, no matter what sport i'm watching, it always really strikes me
i know it's not cool to love how green was my valley because it beat citizen kane for the oscar, but i do anyway.
i have room in my heart for both
when is the app gonna be updated? it's full of glitches
should have it out in the next week or two
i desperately need him to sing at our wedding xx
too expensive now
so how are you enjoying egypt? bet your view of de-nile is beautiful!
*snort* it's a lovely view
please tell me why it's 95 degrees in this damn bart train
dude in front of me farted, now it's hot as fuck and it smells like eggs. thanks bruh
phew...that's a relief. a final word on pomeranz...when we face him sunday i hope we the outta him &amp; sawx
lol ok for your sake i hope so too (and it's hard to say that believe me)
i have to admit, it would be really darkly funny if at the end of 8 years of failed hope and change, obama gets us into world war 3.
the only hope left is that your body changes into ash
yes. please tell me the advantage of a preshow alliance against 14 ppl as opposed to in show
yeah for a preshow alliance they have done nothing to benefit their alliance. they have made almost
just going to see with tomorrow night. a meeting on monday.
awesome!!! :)^^ i am on my way to grab some noms with a friend of mine now.
some photos from my camera roll that google photos thought were interesting enough to group together.
"advance your ias status today!" is scientologese for "give us all of your money before next thursday at 2pm as a donation for the cause."
yeah for a preshow alliance they have done nothing to benefit their alliance. they have made almost
no decisions together
tonight: recording artist brings his quartet in for two sets.
we will try to make the 2nd set
but have to give lane credit. he has been setting that up for the past 2 games.
jay were you calling for a running game earlier?!?!?
oh yeah, and it will be done. 1 million+ followers? definite libel suit.
i don't blame you to take action.
it's nice that the fire waits in line
it also almost reads like a math problem (wheelchair + giant phone)* fire it's very important to remember pemdas!
: my mentor ! she's the reason i'm hosting today! without her i'd be a college dropout
you both were fantastic and lovely on day today, thank you!
i honestly think full profile pages are terrible and are the opposite of how human socialization works.
really not for that. it's for presentation, which is a different thing. the other proposed components are for socialization.
i agree with you - many on lhh think i'm insane but i think it's a huge upgrade
its made larger bc of caps 4th line deployment
my feet have never been in this much pain...
this didn't happen to you right?
and now a song from our sponsors for you: i can talk to them about making it public.
fred is so weird
at my old bookstore we used to recommend: a1-volume encyclopedia of judaism; an unabridged dictionary; bartlett's quotations.
mazel tov to mr kristal, turning 113. auschwitz survivor, retired businessman. a gentle, resilient man.
opponents of just will not relent, and they have the ear of "progressive" peskin. cc
unfortunately, when a supe meddles in a particular muni project, the result is more often than not to the detriment of good transit.
country album coming soon fuck the world
before or after the rnb album?
trump support before the clinton slide = 44% trump support today = 44% nobody is joining team trump.
rockin' the polls, that 9/11 video hurt her
alabama has scored on offense, defense and special teams. they're undefeated when doing so under nick saban (4-0).
ole miss is doing everything possible to give this game away. it's fsu rewind. no fire, no spark no life in the 2nd half.
yea no problem
what's ur skype?
o i see now lol taus the plug aha
heck yeah he got the tickets from ian lol
try again. 1970, 1971, 1994, 1995, 1997.
we are in the 21st century
as president, i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you, the american people!
you are going to fix rigged elections? you. you carnival barker fraud? you are a joke. rigged like you did with your apts?
deflecting again. have a blessed day. gotta work.
that was part one of a 2 part tweet
my parents are here that's pretty much all i wanted for my birthday.
good, i don't have to but you anything. just kidding, happy for you bro, enjoy!!!
watch bruh highlights he the truth i'm telling y'all!
thanks brother.
this is going to be the best rewatch ever. circus peanuts &amp; candy necklaces oooh yeah.
killer croquettes! mr. freeze ice cream! and we will do so while wearing shorts and pixie boots. :3
happiness is when your pup insists on his playtime even when he's not feeling 100%.
oh poor bis is he sick?
remind me to share this tweet with my agent, who is a yankees fan and did not love that bio line ;-)
well (that bio line) got you a sale and a fan. looking forward to a laugh. if cheetojesus is our next potus i will need to ngaf.
rk's battle system is the old atb ff system, the easy stuff is boring (duh) tho.
the interface and sprites on be are 10x nicer tho
toronto: young barack obama film 'barry' goes to netflix
never served in the military, never had a real job
ole miss has 3 touchdown plays nullified by replay &amp; officials stop play so bammers can get their 11th man on the field.
did the refs run the ball for alabama too?
"isis-held stronghold of mosul, iraq,"
2..being conflated. the us attack near deir ez-zor ~today which killed 62 syrian soldiers &amp; "paved the..
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
2 say "boring" is being 2 polite! more like paid liars who would sell their grandma for a box of smokes is closer2true
psa: there is free ice cream outside the bell house
psa: there is no more free ice cream outside the bell house. please go about your day.
best way to make an ex jealous: be successful and happy. everything else is just so unnecessary
lol it's honestly the best thing ever
good god citeh look terrifyingly good. de bruyne is breathtaking.
and just wait to sane gets bedded in...
"isis-held stronghold of mosul, iraq,"
2..being conflated. the us attack near deir ez-zor ~today which killed 62 syrian soldiers &amp; "paved the..
a theme in good pitches is that deep domain expert founders need to be able to come up 1000' and speak in layman's terms.
"first month of yc, we work boiling your vision down to essential one sentence." - "it's the skill of pitching." -
i think you're wrong but i don't think i can convince you or anyone else so functionally _i'm_ wrong.
lol relativism
lol i saw it when i was there..the only place in ny i could live lol
you don't like the city ? lol
i hear ya! back in the day, i thought bill was despicable. child's-play compared to and
have u read whats happening in places like england &amp; france? damn muslims want to make it illegal to fly nationl flag
sos! i need to get to harvest techno fest in bordeaux from madrid. our plane has a flat tire. let me know if you can help. we have 1 hour
he can help you as it turns out he is in madrid and has a plane but he'll only help ye fornsubclub tickets to c u
cuz a lot of them have aids and justify their lifestyle with "condoms"
u asked me about "common knowledge" among gays. i would have no idea.
so presidential. good god, this man is pure filth. reject his hate.
i am worried about the millennial
the government is trying to sneak transformers into our homes to kill hackers in their sleep wake up sheeple
yeah i'll take 2 gimme the cyberpunk mouse
was it painful?
yes. my foot still hurts sooo bad
! tickets on sale now.
got my tickets, before the parade passes me by!
very happy to welcome to the ohio state university!
i think i see an investigative reporter in your futureshe didn't see it coming w/ur big smile
.'s star-studded bash.
how much did he pay for the hookers?
crying like a bitch bc i miss my momma a lot
and i'm crying bc i'm the auntie w/no shoulders
as president, i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you, the american people!
you are going to try to win by convincing racists and uneducated whites that you care about them. how can anyone buy this ?
that they're family gets to use as well? and he had no pass. just the badge.
they should have the pass, yes, but mta emps with give benefit of doubt. shouldn't let family in tho
this seems pretty relevant right now...
you should have been wearing gunnars on your gunnars
lemme know why i'm so tired?!
cause u went to the gym and got no sleep??
please enjoy my new tattoo thank you to all i'm not sucking in.
: please please please let me get what i want. lord knows it would be the first time. tattoo artist: no. *gives you that*
you guys are so cute
thanks babe you
and its gotten days in trouble in the past remember tomsell they wrote like 7 affairs in like 6 months
i don't remember. can you refresh my memory please?
. on : greetings from times square
thank you
slack with a profile page, you mean?
no realtime timeline (with retweets, etc.)
after months of neglect, i finally took out my ,updated the watchos and put it on. still not impressed.
really, what is disappointing about it?
peppers is a beast. if rutgers is ever going to be serious, they can't let guys like that leave nj.
there was no way he wasn't going to a flagship programme.
pepe has transcended from a meme to an image of "white supremacy". is this the next-gen wave of memes? transcending into reality.
what a time to be alive.
they just opened one literally 5mins from my house. the street tacos are straight fuego.
step your game up and get a quesadilla or burrito, oh lordt
the iphone 6s! i'm sticking with iphones
you're not getting the 7th? im thinking im getting the galaxy s7
same. y'all have till december to cuff me then i'm off
i'm just tryna get dis family sep woe
peppers is a beast. if rutgers is ever going to be serious, they can't let guys like that leave nj.
he is from a few blocks away from where i live.
i still haven't tried it. maybe i will tonight.
i definitely recommend. and i are using it for something now, i've had an awesome experience so far.
. on : greetings from times square
thanks garry
trump is well along in normalizing a political climate where the truth or falsehood of statements don't even matter, vs their emotive impact
even my grandparents knew all politicians were liars. what distinguishes him is he makes no bones about it.
i want a g400 but i dont want to pay $140 for a mouse
g502 is all you need
stop in fact, if someone is dead drunk/unconscious, sex with them is by legal definition.
show me this legal definition of "dead drunk".
check your slash score email buddy
just responded
. on : greetings from times square
thank you
i understand the argument but i do disagree. changing coaches every 2 years will get us nothing but another 16 years in drought.
ok 17 it is then! then he is here next year so make it 18 . he has a losing record after taking jet to afc title game 2x.
no. it is not. blacks commit 53% of all homicides.
black lives matter will only succeed in destroying black lives. just like
explain the purpose of your presentation component in terms of actual needs actual people have
i cannot, because humans can, by most objective definitions, exist in complete isolation.
you mean hillary's birtherism?
a tweet is not proof honey. get a clue
happy birthday!! miss you!
thank you chad! miss you too!
spoke a little mandarin while buying tea, wearing a nepali shirt (w/c looks maranao), wearing sawwal/fisherman pants &amp; a maranao malong...
got assumed by shop owner to be a monk &amp; used my being a monk as a way to sell tea to white people so i didnt wanna deny
five years after 'small farm rising' documentary, featured adirondack farmers discuss successes, challenges at forum
turn out good?
happy (early) birthday, sweet friend! miss you gobs.
awww thanks! i've been so busy that my b-day seems insubstantial! miss u lots!
i actually hate you megan
that means so much! thank you my love!!!
if more people in this world were like kim gumban it would be so much better
i love you rachel i'll always be here for you
just because someone is drunk doesn't mean they deserve to be raped. don't be a cunt.
are you sure it wasn't drunk sex?
so twitter with a better profile page?
nope. no chat basically at all.
how am i gonna make a mixtape if i don't have the right emoji to go with it for marketing purposes?
i gotchu:
parents are out all night if you want to stop by/dinner with us iono. i'll see.
hmm i could, i'll try to finish everything up so we can be out 7:30 ish
(uh some other people might die too but let's make this one about us buddies)
i will march down to the coney island boardwalk with a 12 pack of beer and a shotgun and personally hold off putin's henchmen
the ones that say everything you never knew
gr8 i see the group-now to find the right vid!
so the higher your number here, the slower you are. there's about 5000 people running. i get 11243.
how did you do?
got assumed by shop owner to be a monk &amp; used my being a monk as a way to sell tea to white people so i didnt wanna deny
like omg i don't wanna make this guy look bad. he gave me discounts &amp; a free tea set because he thought i was a monk &amp; omg
athens, greece
gorgeous photo
quavo should win some damn lifetime achievement award for the line "still b playin with pots and pans, call me quavo ratatouille"
did u see him in atlanta literally my favorite part of the show
that's fucking badass
one of my best second-hand store finds.
i cannot, because humans can, by most objective definitions, exist in complete isolation.
but the closest i can get to is that humans like to present themselves (subjectively) well to other humans. it's why we dress up
you to the max
lmaooo this is so true
thank u!! i need to start doing gym battles too
kevin and steph have mad hax i've never seen anyone get more than a few lol
like omg i don't wanna make this guy look bad. he gave me discounts &amp; a free tea set because he thought i was a monk &amp; omg
sorry monastics &gt;_&lt; i'll just donate the tea set to a temple oh wow ;_;
it's still the debt, stupid
it's a fantasy tyler we've no one to "pay" but the "bank families" soon they'll be, uh, lonely or gone,their math.
nigga have somebody take you to a game for you birthday
lmaoo ima go to one this year fasho i just never had the time
never clintontrump
grow up your voting for trump you will be responsible
it was so good and so crazy and i loved it and i need to know who the new karen kim is
i don't want a new one i want the old one.
just meaning so many artists came out of queensbridge.
got it...but that is such a dope song! lol
i need to get my dog a little friend to hang out with during the day when i'm at work, or find a job i can take him to.
he gets sad when i leave the house for more than 5 minutes. lovable little guy.
you don't run a campaign, as donald trump has done, based on bigotry - trying to divide us up, scapegoating muslims, mexicans and others.
its d dems who have made campaign about race
flyhappy birthday
thank you
my iphone made this beautiful video. thank you iphone.
great chair
sounds like her experiences with her grandma were motivating, and i respect that. i'm built similar stuff for same reasons
it's also the perfect reason for. my grandparents were terrible relaying med advice to my mother, primary care taker.
amen brother gregory!!! hope your day is going good.
the night is far spent, the day is at hand. there.let us cast off the works of darkness+let us put on the armor light of.
but the closest i can get to is that humans like to present themselves (subjectively) well to other humans. it's why we dress up
this is an extension of that. we project a version of ourselves that we like, and we get value out of having that consumed.
i'm glad i'm not the only one who does this.
what, are we expected to carry that dang pencil around!?
! tickets on sale now.
got my tickets before the parade passes me by!
we know what robert likes. we know how this show is going to shake out. let's just hop to it.
should i watch it
the +socialgood connectors and advisors are in nyc to talk about , innovation &amp; collaboration.
missing you guys!
athens, greece
wonderful photograph seref sezgin. happy saturday
lol yeah, i wouldn't have seen it if i wasn't told about it. it did gave me a smile xd
no prob regi. you'll always be my favorite g&amp;w!
nigga you act like you worked every sunday since 1990
lmaoooo nah it was.a mixture of being a terrible child and working
when are the mets having ray ramirez toy medical kit giveaway day?
i can see being first in line for that
. sure it matters. times have changed since you were 10. technology has changed. fantasy to think past is so easily brought back.
did you look at the website? all we need is low cost, high deductible insurance without the gov't mandates.
coming soon to a city near you (assuming you live near nyc)
*coming soon to the city near you.
some photos from my camera roll that google photos thought were interesting enough to group together.
google photos is not-so-subtly hinting that i haven't actually taken any good photos of anything recently. been busy playing pokmon go.
lmao go jill
you are ignorant. what don't u understand about a vote for jill is a vote for trump if u trusted bernie then u should listen
it was drive thru or u know i would
i now have a whole dialogue for the next time i walk into a starbucks
it's also the perfect reason for. my grandparents were terrible relaying med advice to my mother, primary care taker.
coordinating care for yourself is already a nightmare. caring for others is even more complex - can't attend all dr meets!
spencer's is such a great store man too bad i don't have money to buy half the things i saw
me in sf after we ate
lehigh offense has been spectacular. defense? uh, let's just say they could play better in the 2nd half. but penn is real good.
penn made good use of game films.surgical carving.
it's dirty..and the first time i got out the car i stepped in pee
lmao aww that sucks
obama could have stopped the birther question if he wouldn't have waited months &amp; months to release his birth certificate.
he had to wait until it was fabricated.
ebayers suck!!
your true fans will never betray you!
i was thinking about it but i like the 6s more :)
i heard the 7th wasnt as updated, only better camara
nigga you work at a church ?
lmaooooooooooo nah im coming up with excuses man i just procrastinate
i recently saw two men on a news show who took credit for starting the birther movement - jamil smith &amp; sam nunberg
jamil smith......no. sam nunberg.....yes. sam was on last night. jamil smith, again no.
this sounds ideal
lmao definitely for you
it's a leaving brooklyn sign, not a welcome to!
ha okay okay fair enough
can't wait for the german festival tomorrow
omg wait i'm not german but i'll be in the city tomorrow can i come
in this case it was the father of the bride &amp; the liquid courage required to get up in front of 300 people inhibited my memorization skillzz
public speaking isn't for cowards!
thanks for that information. since noticing this behavior have you had the opportunity to unpair the devices then pair again?
yes, i turn off my bluetooth periodically.
lol hey from around the corner
!! are you staying in wburg??
yes hello this is what twitter is for
yep, but it can't because it's a realtime streaming timeline, it can be preened.
people who thought hillary would waltz to a coronation and face off against jeb bush haven't the faintest clue what is happening.
that's why all the bernie bros kept smearing her well after it was clear what could happen.
"actor levar burton says 'the real warp field is the one around donald trump's policies and in his mind.'"
danson: "trump drunk!"
a land of winding rivers.
unreal perspective of the incredible planet!
bm gotta have the spirit of the bushido
this is gonna be ur baby mama
what can i wear for summit tomorrow? this african woman came prepared.
ashoke will do.
you'd think ethical ppl who call others racists would at least be willing to defend such serious charges but you'd be wrong.
lol, there is nothing to debate. the evidence that trump is a racist, sexist, anti-immigrant, islamophobe is overwhelming.
happy hope you find time for both rest and play
love it!! have a great weekend!!
here's the latest on this wknd's events, affected routes, &amp; project updates .
how about some updates about how is currently experiencing a major standstill! sat 3:30 pm
my phone ships from in november. any way to optimize this or am i the only one who didn't stay up all night?
att and vz can both ship 7+ in early oct. seem to be 7s available earlier from apple and/or carriers.
oh boy - i marvel when this is done on the goal line, 3rd &amp; inches 4th &amp; inches, etc. just nutty.
to watch yet another 2nd half implosion by ole miss is what's infuriating.
my excitement level for this team if lucas duda comes back is going to blow the f***ing roof off.
i'm gonna lose it when i hear all along the watchtower tonight.
i get annoyed with subtitles but i heard its more gory. maybe one day.
have u seen any french horror films? they was wave of them in the late 2000s. inside ils aka them sheitan
coordinating care for yourself is already a nightmare. caring for others is even more complex - can't attend all dr meets!
hunting down info bw web portals is also the exact thing sick people shouldn't need to be doing. v hard even for tech savvy.
you're getting a car???
i guess we know now who to bug when we need someone with a car!
it got worse then went away. thanks for following
that's scary. i'm sorry, but i'm glad it resolved
but i think that the new one would deliver the crazy that season 4 karen kim just did not deliver
it is not her fault.
man, this (accurate) headline in the times. we're in new territory here:
you think this is the straw that broke the camel's back?
elayna struck down by food poisoning today so the whale vid upload will have to wait.
oh no! hope she feels better soon!
hope springs eternal i guess. seems like 4th estate has relocated to a double-wide in a trailer park
i hear u. often feel same way. unfortunately ratings rule in media world &amp; djt knows how 2 play them.
i understood about 20% of this. something about almonds i think
well then it's a real good thing i'm pretty
you've gotta embrace it and do it shamelessly, and if you don't have confidence you've gotta fake it
one thing i learned in sales a few years ago. if you can fake it, you can make it.
honest question, no hating: if i already know how to write a podfile and run pod install in a terminal, does the app help me much?
nope, if your setup is fine and you're comfortable with the terminal it gives you nothing
that's what said, but to me it does not seem like an after-image effect and it only works properly wearing glasses.
interesting. do your glasses have a uv coating?
sounds like what happens at lehigh around halftime, even with a lead -- except without the toast, or cookies
w and i are staying tho :)
stop asking me "if two drunk people have sex are they both rapists?" it's 2016 we know what rape is by now.
yes, and sex with a drunk woman is certainly not "rape"!
baked her. now all i have to do is sand. then to painting!
this makes me want to sculpt again!
my mom just came over and told us that my grandma bought a flight to come to the wedding. fuck.
yo thats bad news
greetings from our global photo walk in with host &amp; streetstyle photog
wonderful photograph. great group
another chat/messaging/notifying platform might make me want to take a walk down the middle of bryant st, so eh.
yeah, i'd _prefer_ to not have a *new one*. i'd prefer for one of the existing ones to stop fucking up.
thanks for following. we want to welcome you as our friend &amp; family. let's make the world a better place. be a .
thank you as well ... in the fight to stop the corruption and
i can't decide if i want to try this place or its tooooo extra
i am here and i am disappointed
looks to me that has a good taste in water :)
one thing is for sure after seeing the secret room, i know she has excellent taste (in booze)
my water tastes like butthole wtf
don't swallow any farts
last year, the poverty rate saw its biggest 1 year drop since 1968. poverty among african americans decreased 2.1%.
bullshit. u r an iranian plant in the government. leave!
hate that too. but i wonder if some qbs have been in read option offenses not programmed to take snap under center.
the evolution of football...
wtf just surrender, enjoy coney island together or does it suck now
a) boring b) it just seemed most appropriate to make a last stand
if alabama has any shot of winning this game (let alone covering it), it will be done by their defense. hurts looks like he's been exposed.
say it ain't so, i liked the pain
don't ever use for water delivery service. horrible first time experience waiting all day for a delivery that never came!
look at the negative comments they receive on their page.
this, scary, from news: "i was immensely frustrated by the end of 2015 that other candidates weren't learning more from trump,"
. right, according to other pols supposed to "learn" from trump how to hijack tv news rather than: good journalism
yikes! several cars come close to hitting a tiny kitten on a russian highway before a driver stops and rescues it.
thank god for him so cute what he did
either you mistyped or you illustrated my point for me and i don't know which
i mistyped. it *can't* be preened.
cnn anchors have finally had it with donald trump's lies via : wants it both way- not cool !
- it's abt time, they've been serving as trump's personal pr&amp; promotions's firm4ever. msm must b get-n big $$$!
i know it exists, but i just don't see why i need something else than my normal editor+terminal to do the same thing
but not everyone is comfortable with the terminal, and people/dependencies break their ruby setups.
my goodness, the memories
that memory overshadowed by 4 others that night.
i forgot drunk women are the irresponsible ones that cause rape how could they have unconscious sex on that poor man
drunk women are always responsible for their actions, whether it be engaging in drunk sex, or driving drunk.
i mistyped. it *can't* be preened.
(glorious case-in-point)
how do you tell your family to stop telling you to lose weight and get a boyfriend?
let me know if you find a good answer to this! i can use some help in that department too.
was you taking a selfie son? lol
guilty!!!
thank you anne that wasn't so hard. you're ok in my books...(for a mets fan)
same -- for a fan
how did they use to do theoretical neuroscience, before all this data was available? i don't know...
truth is, kids will say the same thing 5, 10, 20 years from now....
preferably cute dogs or cute guys
lots of great dog pictures on my account.
would love to but not sure how much mobility i have geographically this eve, hit me after? i plan on it'ish? baby mood depending.
i can bike over by 8. place to meet?
wow, that is pretty impressive, i've gotta say.
i usually spend 80+ lollll
mel is finally watching season 6 do she finally understands how amazing my baby denise is
shes the cutest baby bean not baby bean ricky rick cute but still cutest baby bean
happy birthday sweet marutan i miss you a whole lot!
wow i miss u
elliot gindi breaks meet record for ocean county park 5k with 15:10 time in state 2016 early in season
video interview with elliot and video of elliot's finish are here-
it's all happening
time to drink one beer and exactly one beer then eat 69 hot dogs
i'm sad to hear that you left our family. if you'd ever like to come back, we're always here with open arms. *jxm
don't count on it. i have an aversion to customer service representatives lying to me. i'm done with vzw
on a serious note i've been thinking about getting some for extended computer work but not
i must say they've def helped (physically) when i've spent events sitting in front of monitors
had fun at food and wineeeeee
are you ready for some football?!
spandex butts!!! :&gt;
why were every single one of my cousins together this weekend and i'm in fucking rhode island
why are you in rhode island.
is it life?
life, death and rebirth all in one. i've been given new life.
if you've ever edited video, there comes a moment in every tv show where you instantly know what royalty free music service that show uses.
the science channel only uses the audio network. it was weird to hear vids from gs and sci using the same tunes.
trump's taste for incinerating his own momentum might just save us. remember, he doesn't want the job. he just wants not to lose.
i thought all spring that he would find a way out at the convention b/c of the above reason, but he's still playing the game.
i'm in such a shitty fucking mood.
but it's your birthday!
do or do not? exercise heavily before a long flight?
yes. so you can sleep like a baby
if attending today i have brand new shirt designs for sale at merch. and check out my friends booth !
gabbie rae wow
all valid arguments for sure. hope that's not the case.
all good bro ... we all want better. just venting... have a good one
0-2 isn't the best start of the season but i have confidence that this team can rebound it's one step at a time
thanks tro
except for that kid banging the hell out of the drums.
you mean the 45 year old?
i've decided to become a dj. so i have to watch we are your friends now
talk to grandmaster flash
until u start ordering drinks
i got a beer
this is what some trump supporters are tweeting. just thought you should know
so sorry! this is hideous and shocking. trump is a dangerous demographic and bigot who incites hatred. must defeat him roundly.
once something is not open to debate it becomes little more than religious doctrine.
um, no. but put it this way: there's no point in me debating it with you in this forum.
the libtard state representative that sat during the pledge of allegiance.the ppl are disgusting hypocrites!
what do you expect from a muzzie?
it goes to show to never think that you need to have it all figured out all the time, good things will happen - just keep moving forward.
this actually motivated me lmao because i feel the same way you felt a year ago
- thanks! close.. custom nav (carplay) in a b7 s4.
ahhhh very nice! the 4.2 v8 - greatest engine audi will ever make, the sound that dreams are made of :)
i don't really know what's going on in life, but i'm really excited for him.
same here! so eager to find out.
same blitz louisville brought that we botched
they brought it a good 5 or 6 times, didn't pick it up but once, and he still ran into a sack on that one.
happy birthday you special lady hope its wonderful
thanks sophie love you!
my little ally girl
did you shower? tel me when to come up
so while i was cocktailing and eating doughnuts jacob degrom now needs surgery? can someone check on ?
sounds like a plan, have a great evening!!
yes. and also when he speaks spanish
he knows some spanish
i must say they've def helped (physically) when i've spent events sitting in front of monitors
i've felt a difference in the effects of both using gunnars and not
thinking of getting a french tip on my toes... foot fetish pics for mani pedi spoils hmu
good idea! would look fantastic on you
the original before q came on board.
so much hair !!!
!! are you staying in wburg??
yeah yo what's up
check out at file here to see tyler's championship picture!!
and a video of tyler's finish
pretty sure somebody just fast-talked me out of one dollar, but joke's on you lady: it's hot and i don't care.
and it had girl cooties
shit if i get bored enough i might do something today lol
back to back bro
tried to buy an iphone 7 today but they said no jacks allowed
soooooo clever. love it.
except it can? look at professional timelines and comedians' timelines as examples.
yeah but as soon as you do, it's no longer the stream-of-consciousness, real-time timeline that i _also_ want. both are good.
i spent 28 yrs defending this country so they could do this. upset with this generation. tks for your service.
thanks for your service! this generation is a bunch of whinging little brats.
does the writer think scrawling this on the back of the envelope makes me want to open his letter?
is this the same guy who sent the norman rockwell postcard to ? same sentiment...
fans of and , follow along for monthly updates of san francisco's best!
that moment made me so hungry
what a fraud. this should be rt and the world should know.
ok, now we can add fraud to list of accomplishments.
~ hey, mike, i thought you were in meatball-eating contest!
the boss says i have to go light lol
usyk ur ud12 winner in poland over glowacki. new wbo cruiser champ wins by margins of 10, 6 and 6 points
the ukrainian was in total control as vitali watched. best asset was his feet, no cruiser moves better than
that said, i am a shallow and terrible person. wavy gravy is having a grand time, here.
in my defense, i liked the hell out of bill frissell, when i did not expect to. so i am surprisable.
because of the bravery and love from the loving family, , im able to enjoy my interracial marriage
loving documentary was great. family is family. period.
what do you think? is it me?
hurry buy it now!
plus the body on my c-10 was one of the only good things about it. because it didn't have much rust or damage. and now it does. i'm crying
i would be pissed too , were there any other wittnesss to see this happen so they can cstch the person who fucking did this ?
but wehave had themost divisivepotus ever yet udont call himracist!callingtrump abigot only b/c he iswhite isracist
get a load of this horse shit
tomorrow on , chris wallace speaks to george clooney and john prendergast; tune in at 2p &amp; 10p et!
i will be sure not to watch!!!!
in store process was ok. not great but it worked. lots to streamline.
my phone is still 1-2 weeks out, but i had to at least touch one
. adhd is a real neurological condition that wasn't well understood until after l. ron died. that's just fact.
. the same applies to prozac and the ssris which have saved many lives. if you'd stop demonizing "psych meds", ...
nice i just got off the train
wait did you just say bus so you do have public transp
yez u finally got it
text me bb my tongue looks weird i wanna send u a pic i'm scared
what does an author do when he's not writing?
hey hans! it's been a while! how have you been?
trying to figure out how to lose these extra pounds before
lmaoooo i know that's gotta be hard in europe
"first month of yc, we work boiling your vision down to essential one sentence." - "it's the skill of pitching." -
top-tier vc demand for warm referral is 1st test: if you can't network to vc, you can't hack recruitment or sales. -
same here. it's gonna be bananas.
dude, are we even going to sleep?!
looks like another tv show about vampires with teen angst.
the trump brood are vampires.they suck the life out of all americans they can screw over
why is nice lingerie so hard for large breasted woman
yet, they know most woman would prefer to have bigger breast
average house-hold income has declined almost $5,000 under obama
...hillary is not the answer to this problem.
who can get me a bottle for tonight getting white girl wasted w my gf
omg totally got u
his books are so different from everything else
that attention to detail.. and everything is a set up for something later
interesting 2004 feature on said warehouse, once known as liminal.
devin is now managing matt hummel's campaign for city council at large.
talking about game enhancement idc about that. eyes get really dried out, tired, and sore.
not to mention the way it affects your head, i've def felt less shitty
bombshell: let this sink in! first muslim city council in u.s. enforces sharia law; too late now! via
the elite republican anti trumpets better listen, we nedd to ensure our supreme court is pro constitution!
. the same applies to prozac and the ssris which have saved many lives. if you'd stop demonizing "psych meds", ...
. ...and also demonizing people like me (&amp; olympic gold medal winners) who benefit from them, i'd leave you alone.
the ukrainian was in total control as vitali watched. best asset was his feet, no cruiser moves better than
by the end, right eye and bridge of nose on were scuffed up by , who looked fresh, ready for another 3 rounds
t really irks me when someone i know gets butthurt or offended by something i tweeted. my tweets are for me, if i cared about who reads them
then i would post everything on facebook or something.
fucking finally
i feel like you're always traveling
okay it's gotta be the dog or the sports because no one's dick lasts that long.
this series of tweets will take me some time to unpack for a number of reasons.
why is nice lingerie so hard for large breasted woman
why can't we have pretty underwear? what's so hard??
even if both parties are drunk, if one person takes advantage of the other that's rape. that doesn't mean having sex
"taking advantage of someone" is not rape, since the notion of "taking advantage" is entirely subjective.
learn how the u.s. is expanding american leadership within the multilateral system at .
god help us and save us from the idiots in this administration
wish i was turning up with my babies tonight for chaydra birthday :(
wishing you were here get someone to cover asap
that's because you're a fundamentally nosy person who thinks other people should use software exactly the way he does.*
not at all! i'm literally talking about the thing _i_ want to use. though not without assuming others might find it useful too.
omg totally got u
i lost my fake id in my wallet can you really or are you lying
when you go for a run and come back to the news
the rest of the league is like...
but really, why stop there?
i love this place!
there are people out there who pay drug dealers in coins
don't judge me
marc jacobs: "i don't see color" clearly.
this. is. genius.
see it here first, looks as though your spot in tesd is safe.....
the colonel is safe !! no contest.
like look at the hackers
seriously! hackers 2 in a month. meghan 0
that's debatable
the song leaked online in like 07 and the remix happened in like 09 bro... that song was on his first mixtape and album
even if both parties are drunk, if one person takes advantage of the other that's rape. that doesn't mean having sex
that's your opinion, and the law disagrees with you. drunk sex is not a crime.
being a rockstar makes you hungry!! alum rock
martin can't even with me right now. lol
man o line whiffed on so many blocks today literally had no time to throw the ball
everyone had at least one whiff. big rod, are, eberle, rick leonard, izzo on a trap block.
sometimes even gotham girls can't help but love batman! happy batman day, everyone!
also what despicable device did you and ivy use to make batman so smoll
quentin &amp; 's full audio commentary track for hot fuzz (2007)
phenomenal stuff!
but being lit will make up for it.
lol i found the nicest shade i sat in my car with a nice view
i lost my fake id in my wallet can you really or are you lying
i wouldn't say a lie i'd go with more of a joke
why females in the navy and the air force look so good
but niggas in the air force and navy are all queers so we and marines get all da hoes skrrrrt
i proclaimed this year the year of travel gotta live up to it
i'm jealous of your year
managed to lose a purse and my keys in less than a week but i'm keeping positive
i think you need to stop drinking
in honor of seeing at tonight, here's a weird li.st that i listed.
that is a really weird featured image i'm sorry
"sharpton said that changing the law, not ignoring it, was the way to proceed."
co mayor sharpton has spoken
this is the back of that crew shirt. for
i had two of them. one i gave to a friend and, i kid you not, he framed it.
something you might consider to evaluate that hairline my g.
oh trust me i know lmfao. i got the ode receding hairline lmao
top-tier vc demand for warm referral is 1st test: if you can't network to vc, you can't hack recruitment or sales. -
to go high (gps) or go low (associates)? says "go low," get vc associates to champion, guide, and refine you.
polar opposites of our lyft for mia lmaooo
hahaha right!? i was thinking that in the car!!!
even if he's not a teen any more. life can suck
he has depression, anxiety etc. he's aware life can suck
. distorts clinton's immigration position in pitch to grieving families | ap
i'm with deplorable
so good lol=&gt;major garrett has on air tantrum over trump 'birther' press event
isn't clever. thats why we love him. ha ha he made a monkey out of you, and we love it.
. distorts clinton's immigration position in pitch to grieving families | ap
make america great again
partially agree.the differences btw social &amp; moral concerns take place bc of different subject. am i wrong?
good point definitely worth exploring further!
dude hit a stinger right back at her on espn
he got a booty touch ri after too he the mvp
heat 4 finish
what's the name of the timing and scoring app?
it's early, but after the destruction of today, lamar jackson if officially my leading candidate for the heisman. period!
donell phumphrey needs to in the race
even if both parties are drunk, if one person takes advantage of the other that's rape. that doesn't mean having sex
i could argue that a woman who is ovulating, is therefore "taking advantage" of a man when sex occurs between them.
thats wild petty lmaooo
king petty when i want to be
and i adventured uptown and it was a grand old time.
we're alwayyyyssss taking lil excursions i love it
i sure wish someone would. if someone could show me evidence that trump is a true racist i could no longer support him.
heer listed examples that have been documented extensively. you deny this evidence exists, so i feel there's no point debating you
help is incoming
... may the lord keep our military safe.
washington post fashion editor robin givhan totally ruins her career by calling hillary a fashion icon.
now that's reaching.
today the grand conference tour ends : () () thank you all
cool are you speaking?
someone's drunk, other person is sober, drunk person can't say no to sex. rape or not?
that's not rape.
chop. chop.
i think we can consider ourselves trendsetters
i'm white but not "stand up and dance at a hall &amp; oates concert" white.
there's nothing wrong with that...
what you mean
..was it a int?
the song leaked online in like 07 and the remix happened in like 09 bro... that song was on his first mixtape and album
damn that was jim jones rockstar phase
scandal ridden hillary has no accomplishments to list, so it's a serious of insults &amp; distractions.
did you see her tweet yesterday about "i'm rubber, you're glue?" her campaign is juvenile and desperate.
while drunk is automatically rape.
you are incorrect. drunk sex is never "rape".
perfect casting
great caesars ghost
the failing has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
yeah the media is really in the bag for hillary. you joke. how about lauer&amp;your hair tousling pal?you're a fraud
i am sort of weird to....but dont tell anyone okay? :)
hahaha weirds are the best
. don't wear a "rug"-it's mine. and i promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didn't work.
is a irrelevant old kook
have fun !!!
thank you cory!!
both are valid.
yes! absolutely. so much so that i don't want to have to chose one way to operate or the other.
wow! what happend to you're macbook?
i honestly have no idea. would you happen to know anything about it?
the failing has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
perfect for toilet paper.
this pope is a commie idiot!!
he said he wanted to be a priest or a politician...i guess he chose both!
when a team comes out as flat as team usa today blame starts at the top.
his way of coaching isn't acceptable in a lot of places apparently. this tourney is no different.
forget the art of the deal - gives 15 tactics for successful business negotiations via
super powerful technique to actually understand other side's constraints, play back, then present your constraints before re-ask.
~~ wasn't sure what to do with the background so i went minimalistic. might fiddle with it a bit.
not sure why i dropped this at 2 am last night but here's this for the afternoon crew~
you would start by doing that on a profile page, but your tl would eventually reveal divergence from that presentation.
i mean, if they are meaningfully divergent, yes?
i mean i not wrong right?
idk because most siege players i've met are cool.
people are saying there are bedbugs. i don't know--that's what people are saying. big juicy blood sucking bedbugs.
but they're probably the most fantastic bedbugs in the world. top notch.
in my defense, i liked the hell out of bill frissell, when i did not expect to. so i am surprisable.
note to high school teachers jamming on weekends: if nels cline suddenly appears n your garage, you sound 1000 times better.
don't think it's as cut and dry as and others are reporting...
its like nelson but with even less leverage. he will posture then cave
it was at this moment, that dontrell knew......that he didn't want to play with toys anymore
how is this even possible
someone else has to remember that song where the guy gets a tattoo of zach galifinakis and is partying on the hollywood sign?
hot chelle rae
i think i'm getting a new tv today. i have samsungs. any thoughts on vizios or lgs?
love both my lg's
thank you darling! this made my awesome day even better!
happy birthday!!
trumps only candidate who puts our veterans first!!!
you are kidding right. he lies and none of you read the real news. calling mccain a loser bc he was captured
ok kid staying w relatives time to get wild and by that i mean eating dinner at a place without crayons on table and sleeping til 8:30 am
dice some vegetables with a sharp knife and then just leave it sitting there unattended
team europe winning the world cup would be the greatest possible outcome, i think
the continental pride would be overwhelming.
yes!! ive been with guys who tell me im so drunk i dont know whats happening? and i stop bc im still in my right mind
if a woman gets black-out drunk, then men are going to have sex with her.
hmm like headaches and such? only other thing is i don't like the yellow ones. i want the clear but do they work the same?
headaches were abundant before i used them, always wanted to try the crystalline (clear) but don't know if they're as effective
so many lsu fans in nyc.
one of them just told me he hopes we win so they can fire les miles
i'm usually his biggest fan...got me in leigh anne tuohy mode today. tired of giving up these big leads.
ole miss experts at choking away leads. fsu experts at digging themselves into ridiculous holes every week lmao
we out i just snapped that
lmfao damn bro i just got on the highway to cross
obama creates 1st marine national monument in the us atlantic ocean via
with the advent of global community today these monuments will be important for us and other peoples.
william wellman's wings (1927)
brilliant shot
whoever would like to tailgate with me at the game tomorrow, i will have hurricanes !!! i can't wait to see my boys play
let's be clear it's the giants game!
both my lgs?
for the price, you'll own 4
11:11 be a priority in someone's life for once
you can't say it out loud or it doesn't come true
to go high (gps) or go low (associates)? says "go low," get vc associates to champion, guide, and refine you.
. funds 1% of warm referrals.
his business is a house of cards, totally false
i've been in trump tower and trump hotel and 40 wall street. you? didn't think so
great video...got to call him out on the 15 straight....it was only 14 straight top 4 fin
wow, how did you find that ha
someone's drunk, other person is sober, drunk person can't say no to sex. rape or not?
"drunk person can't say no to sex."&lt;--where'd u hear that? that's like saying a drunk driver "can't say no" to driving drunk.
yes i feel like i'm missing some i remember at the time i was irritated cuz of all the bed hoping
maybe. but i always hear that a happy couple on a soap is a doomed couple because they're so boring.
your year will come young grasshopper
you sound like a chinese fortune cookie
i thought my mom took me into tiffanys as a joke but she bought me a necklace and said "you've been sad lately so i want to make you happy"
she also made me lie to my sister and tell her we didn't buy anything lmao
damn, that's a fucking gem
though not as much as the 90s, there are still some good finds if one is patient when digging
eyes detroit:from luxury 2 landfill
... some kind of thanks from the auto industry. but, remember, ford was the only detroit auto corporation that did not get $$$
i don't deny the "evidence"...i take issue with the interpretation.
welp, i can't help you there, sorry. have a nice evening.
nope, i'm voting for .
if i were her i'd watch her back all of her lies &amp; corruption is about to blow up in her face
this some wicked hipster savagery. we gotta get this gone
it's my goal to have it gone.. i want to hear a single administrative justification just for kicks..
so you still use them regularly? it seems like they have been effective for you. might give them a try.
i'm surprised mine have lasted as long as they have lol between the events i'd bring them to and the daily abuse
eat the rich
there aren't enough of them for that to be very sustainable tbh
as you can see, the that zit is still around
oh never mind that...you are adorkable, with your new helmet
i was about to get smart with you, but yeah it was
..lol you stay trying to get smart with me dawg
dude i was so mad alaska is such a legend tho i can't just hate on her...but it was the wrong decision
ugh ikr, but this is the second time alaska made the wrong choice. she slays, by girl. hype for whatever that twist is though.
congratulations an welcome to the party..
tony, how do you beat this superbly mobile power puncher?
please remove my tag from this. you've already been reported.
are you talking to me?
who else remembers this show??
you get nothing
i agree. just waiting for dt to call someone a stupidhead &amp; start yelling "get off my property!"
just waiting and watching won't last 4 yrs
former secret service official: donald trump is 'pretty close to the edge'
it's isis tactics. words matter and hand real world consequences.
in go or in general? go doesn't allow that syntax.
guess i cannot do this in go? while(nil != (b=reader.nextthingy()){...}
it wasn't meant to sound rude, i just miss y'all
nah, it's good! it's ok to miss us! don't feel bad... we still love you!
- " has more support from aryan nation and the kkk than he does from leaders of his own party."
that's a great line. let's see what bs he makes up to lie about this
any news on why 1 train stuck around 86st going uptown?
any update yet?
you got it ! fancy fancy looks like your gonna go ham recording during twitch con. have you tested it out yet ?
are you guys going to twitchcon?
party time
damn, you in chinatown? cum thru 2 da arcade
awesome rocket raccoon cosplay at . not sure who the other guy in the photo is.
wish i was there.
how are kanye and trump not related.
this is a bad tweet
only take cash app?
yea sorry .. have plenty refs man i'm beyond legit
perfect! because that's .
know why this annoyed me? (&amp; reminded me of you)
"you little fucks, i got money stacks bigger than you."
when i was pushin waves, back in 88
for real! we can find you a new affordable phone. call us for the latest deals. 866-874-0581 ^lp
no. i have sprint. i hate you guys with all my heart
have you driven up to julian? it is up in the hills, they have a great fall festival
no we will have to check it out!
right before they kicked me out for smoking too much
you have too much angst for that group
i'm not pretending anything. you're telling me that i expressing my opinion will "condemn the country."
if we gave jim treacher that kind of power, we're already doomed
. the unofficial scorer was grzegors proksa so not exactly unbiased.
the right guy won though.
the number of times ive dabbed in the past 24 hrs should be illegal
like this should be a felony
a) wavy gravy is still alive? and b) you can recognize him?
a) that's what i said! b) obviously.
lol i mean i know you can read
..lol keep grinding boi! imma hit yo line later
now that hanukkah is over: a message from fr: via
. im so sorry you girls have to go threw this. i commend you for speaking up.i'll defend you all as long as i can.
yes i feel like i'm missing some i remember at the time i was irritated cuz of all the bed hoping
there has to be some kind of conflict in the relationship to keep things interesting.
phil rode him. michael rose him. he took it. all building towards that moment in what should've been mvp season. and kukoc?
you can't rationalize it. all time most trash move. also - does it say something that phil chose toni there?
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
you are a fucking mess.
let's go!
we're going next weekend. pull up soho shit
idk what's going on. i use to never worry 1st half cuz hugh is such a motivator at the half! now i'm just like .
nothing worse than watching with choking in the back of your mind.
i have to say by far has the best community on periscope! bringing together great scopers with viewers!
nyc scopers unite
today feels like walking into work at pitchfork wearing apple iphone 4 complimentary white headphones with electrical tape around the plug
today feels like walking into work at apple and opening up a bing browser on a hp
what's that massive scar on her thighs?
she got cut by a fence
lol oh, look at your location thing...
they lying :( in la
bas: does israel really have 200 nukes or was colin powell exaggerating? read our analysis:
it's been common knowledge since the 60s that they have nukes. most around dimona.
the prob is now you're competing against pro diggers
oh yeah. pro diggers that work for "vintage boutiques"
where all my bra's at ?
i can check my floor.
look who saw each other at the emmy's
looking good! what if emma, tristan, ian, finola, looked into doing hallmark movies? they don't need
some are saying you're playing for you fpfc career this sunday after they dipped into the transfer market in july, thoughts?
can't let that stuff effect me ..i got to just play my game and hopefully we come out with the w
are they pretty sturdy compared to real glasses or kinda cheapish?
i've only ever dealt with cheap glasses as my vision has been alright but they are def fairly sturdy
thanks. will try to decipher it. are amazon docs written by humans?
they aren't. sorry, i'd try to find something better but am just on the ol phone
thought you might be interested in this infographic here. it might be helpful to what you're doing.
ty! i think it'll increase like mad. time to replace workspaces with . cc:
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
oh my god. you lie and then say you are thinking about suing nyt. no you aren't. you joke. you are a fraud. clown
good night alberto and all!
good night friends. hi paul. hugs
i have dancing whiplash.
ice pack that shit.
also not actually in prison haha
ha! relieved. though if ever, i'd be inclined to bail you out... it would be good to meet and talk shop.
it's different for everyone i guess, i met some chill people but most were is just toxic, annoying, or childish trolls
you just have bad luck lol. what system do you play on?
maybe now people will understand why wrestles drink this so often haha
coach striker taught me well
today feels like walking into work at apple and opening up a bing browser on a hp
today feels like walking into work at the public with a copy of streetcar named desire
it's official coheadlining along side hiphop legend tour in this month hit single "already hit it"
down to record at indigital when you're on tour
thought you might be interested in this infographic here. it might be helpful to what you're doing.
thanks sean!
go to golf pro shop at the course! you will find it there
thanks! that's is going to be way easier than making the team!
not gonna try with peoole that dont try with me
yeah fuck those peoole!
. funds 1% of warm referrals.
ouch, ragging on "he wears cool socks" as a good personal reference. might disagree.
note to high school teachers jamming on weekends: if nels cline suddenly appears n your garage, you sound 1000 times better.
further note: cover "cinnamon girl" earlier. hard to go wrong with that. way better than that first hour of boogie woogie.
if u high school kids think your parents are gonna stop telling u what not to wear while ur in college, ur dead wrong
mina you're 12 and just graduated high school shut up
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
how can you think you are qualified to be potus. you are a no nothing joke of a lucky sperm club daddy's boy.
replace each use of the word 'patient' in the feed w the word 'everyone' to understand value of vs
i dont the precludes the other.
pellet guns are weapons. they are used in hunting. it doesn't matter if they were real or not.
i don't care if he had bar of soap carved to look like gun w black shoe polish .. cops don't have x-ray vision
efficiency is everything! organize your symbols page like a boss with this plugin:
thanks for the share erica! high five !
kinda makes you miss the good ol days..when you just took the alabama ass whooping. after 2 years winning, i got hopes!
hahaha seriously, it's worse this way. but at least relevant now.
i'm taking to see her first opera (in concert) and it's her lesbian dream opera and i am thrilled.
i can't wait to become sleep deprived and watch talented women make out on a stage with you. (not make out with u... u get it)
i have super anxiety &amp; right now trying to balance meds for atypical facial pain med w/ out any new drugs= chem fuck up
i was agoraphobic because of my anxiety many years ago for about 10 years. i still have anxiety but it's managed
a young man at the bar asked if he could buy me a drink
if you didn't say yes i am going to be really let down
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
another threat from donald. anyone who has opinion different from his is failing, dumb, stupid or should be sued.
kinda makes you miss the good ol days..when you just took the alabama ass whooping. after 2 years winning, i got hopes!
meanwhile, my guys used to jump out on everyone and didn't have to worry about anything but missing last minute fgs lmfaoooo
the digimon tri movie was pretty awesome! well casted &amp; it was nice hearing the original music except that weird rap in the beginning. xp
how much of the original music was there ?
how you do it and how much is the discount
search up best buy student discount &amp; something should show up. i got mine last year for $550
i'm not opposed to bed hoping i'm just don't like it when they do no build up at all. the insta stuff annoys me
that i agree with.
still can't get over how much this is me and b
dude rs that's us
you guys really need to learn the diff between trump supporters and trolls
trump supporters just don't want to admit that there are some like this
bowe bergdahl court martial also indicts barack hussein - american thinker - - 123
...lies from the obama administration
what injury?
the injury that made him vacate the british belt.
yay! i love to hear this!!!
i was surprised by all the comments. it was awesome
having a blast taking money from the boys this tour :
when you're down you can only come up!
a very interesting take from :
hey clown. you don't realize she is making fun of you and the people who fall for the crap you say.
jr smith is still seeking a deal worth $15 million annually. cavs want the deal to be short-term
if shumpert get $10mil jr good for $15mil .. n cav land
trump's lies should be the victims here. for women, minorities, all: don't quit.
boycott . trumpsters!
what??? idont get to make out with them????
i mean maybe who knows never lose hope
thank you ! newborn + boba = pure joy (okay yes, we're still a little sleep deprived).
i want to see baby thoren!!!
hah, they protested the swig &amp; swine fundraiser to raise money for school kids. do they even check these things?
chez panisse and then this? couldn't they find a more obvious place to protest? i'm sure they're yelp users.
i have yet to see ganja yoga in sf but apparently it exists! what san francisco says about america.
it's so much better for you than the methamphetamine parkour
happy birthday hope your having a good one
thankyouu
getting high is legal.
don't waste your time bro i don't block him but i have to respond because he's a weak man...
don't think both sec on cbs and college gameday can be there
yes they can, it's happened before
i love you so much. you keep me going.
its your day
never forget bill maher was one of those white liberals made at obama in the first 6 months of term 1 cause he wasn't "gangsta" enough
i've never forgotten his impersonation of what obama shld do complete w/sagging pants &amp; hand gestures like guns. fuck him
since i've been tagged in this. here's my opinion. peace
sorry i don't care about her editing at all when she's said this shit about heterophobia.
ya i just noticed that. do condoms even protect against stds then?
"condoms may curb gonorrhea in heterosexual intercourse - but only for men!"
this is the best tweet i've seen all night!
that would have been amazing!
ouch, ragging on "he wears cool socks" as a good personal reference. might disagree.
"detroit 100 years ago was like silicon valley today." -
you missed portland weather by a week!
of course, love that weather so much. it least nyc fall is getting closer.
alcohol and painkiller manufacturers, terrified of losing market share, are major players in fight against legal pot
reminds me of this.
happy fucking birthday jessica!! hope today is a blessed one, much love, miss u and have fun ya beaut.
ahhh my heart thank you elena imym!!
aww my parents going to mana concert tonight i'm excited for them
i swear they better be turnt af
an elderly woman ripped her pants off, and pissed on the floor in pier 1
this is the woman
this guy wants to show you my pastlook
what an idiot! as if you haven't shared everything about yourself with us!
since i've been tagged in this. here's my opinion. peace
and regarding the hate for her character and her decisions, no she doesn't deserve it.
i'm convinced trump is either an android or a nazi. i guess we should administer some kind of mein-kampff test.
a turingberg test you say?
our daily newspaper is out!
brand new tune
i got a banner ad for zionism 3.0: in search of the shared dream, in palo alto. i didn't know there was a 2.0.
that was on the times of israel news site, so the targeting was ip region + jewish site.
getting high is legal.
he wants attention i understand but i have to let him understand 1 thing you can't intimidate me
lol is that tax stone?
if so he pussy
since i've been tagged in this. here's my opinion. peace
but i'm not the least bit sympathetic to someone that thinks they deserve redemption.
the "suitor" is the absolute worst!
is it just the editing or is the prince seem to have little personality?
found this at an east baltimore thrift store for $6. last supper carved out of bone. such an odd find.
same could be said for the entire city.
perfect casting: kevin costner as jonathan kent.
should've had so much more screen time. snyder's biggest mistake.
but when have chad &amp; abby been happy? lol. it's been doom and gloom.
i agree. but that's what keeps things exciting and people watching.
i need new albums to listen to. what should i listen to? no indie brooklyn bullshit
bright light bright light!
very little
he knows more french though since he's french canadian
isn't college football the best?
the very best
always killing it tweet me if you watch it, i'll follow you:)
i watched it. very nice!!
darius latham plays with such great leverage. gets low and then really drives his hips.
this man should start and play running sirens
just posted a photo
that's absolutely gorgeous! your garden at your home?
tf is wax. im sorry i rly dont know.
shit gets you booted as fuck off one dab
well looks like taurus is trying to take a different path now. got to give credit to someone staying clean.
david you don't have to defend he is pathetic 12 years ago i made bad choicesenough said12yrs ago
s this for real?
dunno. just funny
huge iphone 7 giveaway! just retweet this tweet &amp; watch this video
please pick me i love you so much u watch your videos everyday love your videos and edits i really hope u pick me
this guy wants to show you my pastlook
we all love you because you are who you are! rising above makes us respected!
beautiful very
after the fog burns off it turns out to be a great afternoon
don't think both sec on cbs and college gameday can be there
last week gameday was at racetrack of vawl game
our daily newspaper is out!
brand new tune
so we cant do this in san jose ?
no, san jose already ran out free drinks cards!
don't act like you didn't try sushi in middle school chris..............
when?!?!
lets go boy.! way to make a play even when yu was tired.!
boy looked like he was goin pass out
i'm glad you noticed because i figured fans would get mad by that tweet but it's a fact
he was never happy in north america because people wouldn't give him his space
huh. didn't know. uphill battle, that race.
indeed. i expect a very positive campaign from matt, though. trying to win, but also trying to do good along the way.
all of these seem to be properly inflated. ready for the dolphins on...
why do you think we care what you think about the presidemtial race...juse to let you know keep your mouth shut and stay out of it
serial killer- israel executes 3 ppl in &amp; - proves that is carrying on with its crimes -
very soon they will be no children left
lmaooo was -2.5 just now when i checked
been that pretty much all week. vikes d is really good. but rodgers or bradford? lol
this song is slept on , but it's about to come up on y'all ass
what's this song called?
jeez, man city look so, so good. must we play them i'm (predictably) loving the praise kolarov is getting too!
had a good start last year as well, doesn't really mean anything yet
i like a lot but i actually think cnn is ground zero for the media's institutional failure re trump
is either lying or he's deaf, dumb, &amp; blind!
regrets, there was a train with mechanical problems at 96 st.
is it blocking the entire subway system because no downtown trains are working either
that makes me really want to get it now! i hate fps but loved doom
it's excellent.
today is the day i get to make the joke that i've been dying to make since i got here, but promised to only do so once..
i like to think that i'm the san francisco treat, peg.
out here in central park bleeding from my hands and knees and the couple next to me is too busy kissing to see if i'm ok
update! i fractured my foot
i've been playing through it off and on and on the final levels. it's great. multiplayer has an old school vibe too.
absolutely fantastic hah
the goat (big sexy) seth lugo and robert gsellman are going to put the team on their backs and win the ws
and thor****
love it dude! i was thinking about something similar with the wolf i already have on my shoulder
i think it would be dope
took me 3 hours to finish this assignment. 2.5 hours of staring at the computer and a half hr of actual work.
i can't go back to school if i don't figure out how to handle my adhd habits. i got a lotta work to do.
so wax is dabs?
like weed then turns to a blunt lol well wax &amp; then you take a dab
is this guy getting paid per flag
is this the new bitcoin wtf
when you get that fresh cut.
jussssletchosoulglow feeling oh so silky smooth
please please please please let there be and actual title sequence!!!!!!!
what theme song? i didn't hear one
white people will literally try to tell you their racists friends/family are no threat to you while calling peaceful muslims the real threat
jesus are we friends on fb? that was literally my whole morning. i'm supposed to understand &amp; excuse the racism.
gotta hand it to she is so aware of her environment. case in point she ironically poses 4 this pic
one of my new favorites
hmm. she's close to three now, yes?
yep. was thinking about how to train your dragon
yeah, for sure. once they prove to be contenders people will support. i'm sure people watch on tv, which is still a way to support
thats true, i just want them to be good again sooner rather than later
. criticizes trump's "birther" statements: "a man who does things like that must not become president"
do you honestly anyone cares about what you say after what you did.....no no no no
i bet we could trick them into protesting a vegan restaurant.
just have to convince them the owners slaughter animals
anyone who knows clinton knows she will lie, cover up, deceive, deflect and bribe. pure evil.
: she was baptized somewhere other than this earth, somewhere in its' firey deep.
yeah, for sure. once they prove to be contenders people will support. i'm sure people watch on tv, which is still a way to support
i'm pumped for tomorrows game though
oooooh check out the super long ones on charles manson
just getting into those manson episodes now - wow.
what does this mean for me?
i would prob do a 720p 60fps stream over a 1080p 30fps stream for ue
i'll be on tonight with at 8:30est! listen here:
hey daya! if you had a chance to sing the national anthem at a sports event, would you do it? :)
the amount of snickers you'll be getting now..
you're welcome.
congrats jonae, wish you the best in your college years!
thank you !
rt nbcnewshq: new advanced "limitless" pill will go public in less than 24 hours
yo shut the fuck up about this fake ass limitless pill
chance the rapper would've been perfect on this
i haven't heard the album yet. your opinion on it?
ur bomb as fuck... look at that twitcon
i love ur heart and soul
"detroit 100 years ago was like silicon valley today." -
"experts have been predicting an imminent dot-com crash since 2004. it's possible, but i'm skeptical." -
settling in for tonight's stage entertainment: isabelle huppert in phaedra(s) (part of...
curious what you think
are jazper and i the cutest couple in the ikea showroom in burbank rn?
are those acne jeans?
. on robert gates.
no one has to meet trump to know he's a danger to this country. you just need to listen to his lies &amp; hate.
what you on?i think oxy, benzos maybe, adderall.
are those nuts growing from your chin
for founders fundraising institutional rounds - advice from : take junior folks at vcs seriously
younger folks at vc firms can tell you how your pitch will be received and how to stay connected - at 's
(when the momentous plan was hatched)
k so here's the problem is i mention this every time i'm drunk now
if i ever became famous i would have to delete this twitter and come back like i'm brand spankin new
lol pray no one screenshot any of your wild tweets
ugh wth hawkeyes
:( that was rough.
did this resolution pass?
it's to be heard at the board meeting on tuesday.
too much time. shades of 2014 civil war.
you're talking about idaho st, right?
yep not even five minutes of happiness.
i wish it was longer too. but who wants to watch a couple happy 24/7?
1 rt and saahel will go out with me tonight
brian you're fake for rting this
- of course not, and even if there was it's rare that someone will ever help or leave a note :/
somtehing like this happend to my sister &amp; the person didn't drive off the person that hit my sis car she paid for the damage
so emblematic of the mets' season to learn this news about degrom on degrom hair hat night, one of the holiest nights of the year.
i thought the bobblehead days/nights and garden gnome days/nights were the holiest of the year
my life in a picture
thats me!!!
our daily newspaper is out!
brand new tune
out and about today and came across the cool old water tower on crawford. skies clearing after a rainy day.
love those old towers.
i've proposed 2 quick, good options: lots more edus and tax benefits to fund nonprofit housing. silence.
yes a big takeaway for me is how few &amp; weak are the channels for any new approach to be discussed &amp; developed..
just got super anxious and excited all of a sudden for tomorrow.
another season of tweeting about football with you
he's a cyclist, they all shave their legs.
ever see a hairy legs on a weight lifter? or swimmer? cmon isn't new
funeral at today; lonely drive through the mojave to maybe another tonight. strange times, these.
i wouldn't want to be broken down out there. looks rather spare in services and broiling hot
my grandma just looked me dead in the eyes and calmly asked "now jessica... where is the domino you stole from me when you were three?"
this is why i don't come by anymore
. here's what black people have to say about donald trump white voters
well he white ya know
brian you're fake for rting this
you're fake for not wantin to go out
i can't deal with tennessee boys
he's definitely in tn
get ready for a apple iphone lightening connector that, well.. uses light, actually:
out of interest, why do you post these on quora rather than something like medium ?
the left is violent. everywhere and always. afd leader's car torched in suspected arson attack
have they blamed it on trump or his supporters yet?
he thinks this qualifies as restraint.
no presidential candidate should be worried about suing the press.1st candidate to be anti 1st amendment?
look what i found!!!
awh shell that's so funny!!! my god so long ago!! where are the years going!
"experts have been predicting an imminent dot-com crash since 2004. it's possible, but i'm skeptical." -
"alternative theory: we're in a period when things (like the internet) just work. giant installed base." -
it's okay, it's just me. you can admit it. i was and still am a lil bit!!!
yeah it's a little too close for comfort
ok ready to come back
yes you need to! you didn't come out here the whole summer
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
yeah, right, "your lawyers". spineless coward, own it. &amp; no doubt you'd get your dumb arrogant ass beaten in court
let's just forget that first quarter, shall we? not sure what was going on there. but we're back.
after about as bad a first quarter as you can play, impressive response by this michigan team. top 3 team and now the fun begins...
... oh no... what is it...
"can i get a name?" "daddy" "your name is-" "and if you like that, my number is (209) 54-"
agreed! it's nice to take a minute to be grateful! so excited to be here!
glad to be here too and also to see other around
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
if you don't, i will. they, and every other media outlet, has been irresponsible by letting you have a voice.
if i ask you what console you play on and your answer isn't ps4
i'm offended.
.'s 5 ways founders can tell an investor is good: 1 references 2 references 3 references 4 references 5 references
what's the third one again?
what trump just did is a disgrace.
you are the biggest disgraceful person i have ever heard of
obama drone bombs syrian army, who is fighting against isis. kills 80 people, u.s. says it was an 'accident.'
this globalist idiot wants to pick a fight with russia obama is criminal and must be jailed for treason at least incompetence
stop throwing your youth in our faces.
i think i could say the same to you ernesto
i'm feeling the effects of taking my birth control late. not fun
gurl me too
shillarys dnc speech so low energy! yours was amazing!
which is y she got a huge post dnc bounce.
hypothetically, if one were to go to see snowden, how many beers would one need to drink beforehand?
save those beers for after movie.
glad you think i'm a looser, nick. my wife tells me i'm too tight!
you are a loser and a disgrace
38,000 feet in the sky above america heading to houston. but thoughts are back at the...
wow you're here in usa!!!
i love all of the sexist suggestions this contains. like michelle is blurry in the back being saved from the rain. what a poor waif!!
effectively saying what? trump = michelle obama = womanish?
stuff like this goes through apple qa and ships. mind boggling. you get a push with the effect and not the message.
absurd. any radar would undoubtedly be returned as "works as intended".
"i want you to know that i see you, and i'm with you." -hillary to the latino community at
she even looks sick there
glad you were able to get your stash! i have been using mine almost everyday. how many cases did you get?
only got 1 of each. i think i'll get more tomorrow. house smells heavenly!
i wouldn't want to be broken down out there. looks rather spare in services and broiling hot
you said it, man. i was thinking that exact thing as i drove it haha
i hate that the black eyed peas ruined that song for me.
i actually liked that song... lol
i have a big head so i avoid them but i like it
you do not have a big head wtf lol
report: putin may be out for revenge against u.s.
that is trumps hero. when will fox start telling the truth about trump?
tepin is just superb. few (if any) american turf milers have compiled a list of accomplishments that can stack up against hers.
better at a mile on turf?
dick riding as usual
lmao bama always folds when they play each other tho
china is the only member of u.n. security council that hasn't bombed a hospital in the last year. let that sink in for a moment.
but how many more military runways has china built in the last year than the other unsc members combined?
a high pressure system will trap in the atlantic forcing it to stay south. something to keep an eye on.
they're coming for you karl
you don't want to be sober for the information visualization scene trust me
- data visualization
the trump campaign wants to woo both black voters and white supremacists. that's not how it works.
onky a few dumb blacks believe trump's bs unless he's buying their support. smart black ppl are voting for hrc.
you can catch the radio feed of tonight's game on . listen |
it is the montreal impact on the feed at the moment. not the rookie game.
: following an earlier incident at 96 st,1 and 2 train service has resumed with residual delays.
what's a real time est.of when 1 train will resume service? we've been "momentarily" at 59 st for 30 min.
but it's not a sidearm it's a bb gun which is a toy.
only matters what it looks like.. that's why toy guns aren't sold at all in many major toy retailers.. lawsuits
effectively saying what? trump = michelle obama = womanish?
or is this an obscure commentary on the wizard of oz? women+trump are all the wicked witch
i just bought me these radass shoes im so happy
we gots the same pair!!
yes a big takeaway for me is how few &amp; weak are the channels for any new approach to be discussed &amp; developed..
which is odd, in the region at center of world's venture capital &amp; startup system, &amp; of trying new things generally.
i'll drink a fucking mojito and you can't fuckin whoop me
this dude probably thinks that men shouldn't do dishes either smh
we haven't watched the happy at all lol
we watched them be happy for about 5 minutes lol.
i distinctly remember my parents sitting me down and discussing racism with me. i was like 5
think a lot of us missed that talk
you said it, man. i was thinking that exact thing as i drove it haha
especially when you had car issues a couple weeks ago
trump went to flint to draw attention to the city's lead poisoning crisis-but he just made a spectacle of himself.
obama had the cures for so many devastating diseases and kept it quiet because he is getting rich off of our illnesses
evidence stole nevada. this is outright election fraud. msm won't touch it. disgusting.
. the fact no evidence can be found (other than dubious sources) proves she must be hiding it
on this day, long ago, ysabeau de clermont was born. maybe one day she will tell us her story image:
i keep picturing kate blanchett as ysabeau
so wassup aboogs
heard you scoopin
st. jude car wash for a great cause!
good job team!!
1-nfl will stop the dumbass protestors.2-only b/c it will start 2 effect ratings &amp; bottom lines not true patriotism.
i hope you're correct. i really like football but i love the usa.
losing cordy and dowels really hurts next week is pretty much a must win wouldn't u say?
. i'm not sure this team has a "must win" this year to be honest. they certainly can win that game though.
"alternative theory: we're in a period when things (like the internet) just work. giant installed base." -
innovation hot spots by : ai/ml/deep learning, intersection of biology-healthcare-cs, transport &amp; autonomous vehicles
it feels like my face been punched repeatedly so far nothing worked that didn't knock me out
that's terrible
poor, struggling ..killery took their donation$ to bernie when bernie dropped out..
poor millennials bought their candidate a flashy car &amp; house that would have paid for some college educations
hella buff you'll knock a bitch out now
thank you!!!!
yes try. millennial voters want to talk about the issues. that's what will get them to the polls. they aren't scared of donald trump.
but why aren't they afraid of trump? that's what's frustrating.
both of those things surprise me.
i've lived here on and off since 1983, so he's kind of a fixture. that said, it was donna's sighting, not mine.
i spoke to ray ramirez about degrom's injury, he said "i think it's in his arm, like a bad disc or a patella tendon." mets
the only trainer in professional sports who deserves to be sued for malpractice.
presidential results: : 2,371; karl blythe: 198.
i hope for a big difference, in attitude of country, communication, building of people n country
i wish i could put the literal dozens of furniture items i've built in the past 2 weeks on my resume...all that time &amp; labor needs more credit
"proficient in ikea construction and crafting"
my kid attended the same school district i did. they get &lt; effective sex ed than i did. good thing 4 gr8 new e-resources!
yikes!!! you're right though. online resources rock!! we want to make more... :)
hwo come u guys dont like my cat??????????????
ur cat is my everything
fox news poll: trust to do a better job on economy.
who are you polling? trump has one line talking points additionally six bankruptcies 1000's of lawsuits &amp; bribes to govt officials.
this is disgusting!
they are exactly what hillary said they were.
i would've cried tbh
this happened on bart i couldn't cry
1/3 the new is finally here! i can't wait for you to experience this hot new phone on the network!
sprint has refused to help my father in his ordering of the iphone7. worst customer service i have ever seen!
that first one... not too sure about that one
now i actually hate you
trump went to flint to draw attention to the city's lead poisoning crisis-but he just made a spectacle of himself.
he did not take the low road, i watched all of it and she asked him not to talk about his policies but you asked her to
"isis-held stronghold of mosul, iraq,"
3..way for is" according to sarmy. separate "us bombs isis sarin plant" 09/13
omg this is hilarious. you need to tell me details i was dying last night.
you leave me alone alone to my own devices and i get in trouble. nice job
x1000, highly recommend talking to a handful of founders in a firm's portfolio.
only 2 real ways to get to know your investor before signing reference checks or an ayahuasca fueled weekend
or is this an obscure commentary on the wizard of oz? women+trump are all the wicked witch
obama=man, trump=woman=being a woman is somehow a character flaw.... yet 'occupy democrats' would support h*llary, no?
really let down by how bad homekit worked. called and they told me it was too new for them to help. $150 wasted.
it's been working for me really well in ios 10. what happened for you? :(
not bad, we were in stop and go about 5 minutes before and 5 minutes after the toll booth. but that was a few hours ago.
we just drove through, there was a little bit of traffic on the bridge but not too bad at all.
beach theme @ crew house tn get ready for a bunch of unnecessarily long and obnoxious snaps fam
oh word lit lit yeah boyyyyy
my mom is such a trooper, i could never thank her enough. coming to every game means so much. you are my rock &amp; i love you
i agree jess she's one of a kind!! miss you guys
will be interested to hear your thoughts on wilco.
they will mostly take the form of, "nels!!!!" if past shows are any indication.
im trying to pick just one favorite thing here but there is so much
is it... *wearing a shakespearean collar* ???
that is not a good looking injury for devon allen...
this is such a good game. nice draw call by
joanne the fucking scammer just replied to me
holy fuckkk thank u so much my queen
photoshoot for the abs company. soon i will be posting pics and videos. awesome equipment.
can't wait to see the pics!
wednesday has an exclusive town hall with - tune in wed. 9/21 at 10p et on !
trump played sean &amp; fox for fools with his birther lies. call him out sean or are you too chicken?
we haven't watched the happy at all lol
trust me, i'm all for a happy ''chabby'' family! but i've also heard that a happy couple is the kiss of death.
i just realized something. tomorrow i celebrate the 30th anniversary of my first game, and there's an accompanying twitter feed for it
...it's . but i'll be celebrating 30 years at the live tomorrow, so i might have to tape delay the twitter feed.
any of these examples proves that donald trump is unfit to be president.
we love everything he says
obama=man, trump=woman=being a woman is somehow a character flaw.... yet 'occupy democrats' would support h*llary, no?
luv me some fake liberal feminism!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! like if you include h*llary in this dumbass narrative then she is a man?
i'm bringing henny &amp; coronas for . fuck tequila
just bring alcohol lol
so how exactly did donald trump build his own bank account? on the backs of american taxpayers:
don't 4get newsweek artcl. throw stuff agnst the wall; see what sticks. u don't have to lie like t; facts speak 4 thmslvs
innovation hot spots by : ai/ml/deep learning, intersection of biology-healthcare-cs, transport &amp; autonomous vehicles
"great founders almost always feel like they're too late, but often actually too early." -
one of my life claims to fame: i was at that game about 20 rows up from the catch. it's not a happy memory.
ha! i was living in boulder and enjoying the buffs golden era!!!
agreed i'd love to connect after to talk more about being
let's connect! funny to see how the restroom is all empty for us today, right?
your point being? cbs was in gainesville
sec vs nationally
luv me some fake liberal feminism!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! like if you include h*llary in this dumbass narrative then she is a man?
wtf is 'occupy democrats' even supposed to mean
chip kelly in sf
was just bout to say this. assuming baalke is out by then.
i know. have you never heard of typos?
i like how we hold robbie to such low standards that we just assumed he was being silly
yes try. millennial voters want to talk about the issues. that's what will get them to the polls. they aren't scared of donald trump.
it's very disheartening to hear millennial progressives talk about hillary like they grew up on a steady diet of fox news.
the hot take i promised you yesterday.
spot on john! glad i'm a berner&amp; as you deftly point out "establishment dems"&amp; their cronies at banks(who100%sponsored it)cooked
your point being? cbs was in gainesville
gameday never has same home team twice in a regular season
whenever you are free of course
i'll keep you posted sir. if you see me on the news though, that should be a sign that our date has been postponed.
someone go to bar louie with me today? that used to be my spot and i haven't been in so long.
i'm living for this twitter rant
please i would love to give 5k to xoxo
thank you so much for your support!
the variety is amazing, the strange detail/more human-like versions are gross. and the gradient! ugh!
breathe... give it a week.
14-7 fresno winning but ramiah just bussed a 49 yard screen for a td
what's score now
your point being? cbs was in gainesville
even though vawls were neutral site
a few different kinds of sci-fi, some fantasy genres, some spy stuff, detective stuff, a li'l bit of horror...
i mean the genre emerged out of a blend of schlock genres in the '60s and then incorporated all other popular genres over time
i want to take the kids there soon!!
there isn't much to do besides have a photo shoot, unless you go the day of the flea! supposed to be super fun for kids.
how to de-escalate a mental health crisis in prison via
many can heal and love and care are the best way to it. if jesus could at the temples mhfa can certainly too.
overnight celebrity
thats not his song but i feel you
u vs the guy she tells u not to worry about
i'm so happy you made this
you went the day after they clinched the nl east?!
did i? i guess we'll have to watch tonight and find out.
i can't stop coughing and isn't here to make me feel better
i'll come cuddle you, no worries
duuuuude our new friend is dope! we met her in ny!
much love to you !!
yes try. millennial voters want to talk about the issues. that's what will get them to the polls. they aren't scared of donald trump.
and then totally misrepresent the past and her current policy proposals. just makes me sad.
indeed we shall!
did you watch the 2 hour z nation movie? when will you start the z nation shows? thankz!
he easily is but ok
i wouldn't say easily . i'd say kyrie doesn't have to lead his team the way steph does so it's hard to gauge
zero chance he knows the word frission tho
right he only uses the best words
u should call me. im gr8 at listening and cheering people up
hehe i know el i think i just need to cry it out a lil, but bless your gorgeous soul for being willing to listen
picture of your license?
it could of honestly been anything
wearing ignite shorts by after lounging by the pool... a little dickslip
wow dickstraction par excellance
kind of. the last one's gonna be a tv movie.
yeah, but still no thx
that's the 1. centcom apologized for alleged error. intelligence scrutiny lacking, apparently..
1 , seems unintentional+understandable given rapid flux of territory. imho, not all us actors in region..
hillary's been her childhood pen pal, her graduation cheering section, and her friend. meet aleatha:
how since you wee supposed to be so busy, raking in the bucks, did you even have time to write her
i still wanna play uncharted 4 but i haven't started on the rest of the series yet
it's a fun ride most of the way through
why would you want to pledge allegiance to a country who kills the innocent but frees criminals lmaoooo
america is 100x better than any other country
what's the best way for folks to support the van ness project?
i plan to email the full board urging rejection of the resolution. hoping and others can attend as well.
hi there! we're currently working on improving the feature. we'll share any updates here: /st
. good cuz i'm trying to belt along to my bops k
take it from : this election is too important to sit out. register to vote:
and vote for mr trump
could jamil smith have been a talking head? he wasn't the anchor. he was being questioned too i thought.
jamil is always on . he was definitely upset about the birther movement.
love all three of you &lt;3
right back @ you
been playin danny zuko in damn near every role lol
except in the people vs oj simpson
celebrate with ya ...
one of my favorite group. thank you.
good question. because we encounter folks like trump everyday - bigoted and under qualified but still in charge.
i would posit that trump is on another level. he's blatant in his embrace of hate and he's going for the highest office.
never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama.
holy shit. you are really feeling desperate today. take a xanax.
don't disrespect xbox
bro they make you pay to play online.
america is 100x better than any other country
stand up for what you believe in tho. i respect that
i think i know who odaly subbing lmao
i unfollowed him, yo everyday, he has the nerve to criticize anyone by what they look like.... i cannot.
wonder how long it'll take me
40-60 hours depending on difficulty you play at
everyday! luckily we have an amazing leader to initiate the breakdown of the status quo.
thanks team!!
i will turn off my gps and get myself completely lost so long as it stops siri from interrupting a good song.
hahamake it male and at least it's sexy
take a pic. i want to see what a 127-year-old man looks like
he looks like a clown.
i'm coming to the home opener all the way from saint joseph, mo. chiefs territory, hoping to get an autograph tomorrow pregame!
and a raiders win of course.
miss the guy who would periodically drop condescending comments in my last.fm shoutbox like "lmfao (band name)"
that was you for me smh
20 years baby!! &amp; she's wearing the same dress from her wedding
omg your parents look like they're in their 20s
. launches 's in aurora!
what an awesome group. we join around country to help her win
my talents are wasted on you people
you have talents? breaking news to me.
the hot take i promised you yesterday.
all 14m berners &amp; 2-4m for stein+ a few stragglers from right could give it to stein if dnc doesn't resurrect bern
9 times donald trump accused hillary of doing the terrible things he, himself, actually did:
you wish he had and then you might get a little slack that is not going to happen
so basically they aren't going to show the end of the game?!
it's a lightening delay they will show it
today is the 30th anniversary of the clinching game
no spoilers. (none of this is new information. i learned at the time. i'm writing about it for my blog now)
is a disgusting person. please rt this 4 all true rape victims.
i had no idea she did that.i too am a survivor.it has been 40yrs, and i still think about it.god,&amp;time r grt healers
easily might be an overstatement, but he definitely is.
i honestly don't know, because before lebron came back i'd say ri but then he takes a back seat to bron so he can't dominate
just got a wrong number text from someone's salty ex. suggestions as a response to mess with them?
new phone who dis
halloween is right around the corner and i still have no idea what i'm gonna be
be the snapchat dog filter
oh shit lol
those games aren't super short and the last one took me atleast 15 hours
"great founders almost always feel like they're too late, but often actually too early." -
"if i was 18 again i'd do cs focusing on cryptocurrency, ai/ml, or biotech. if i was 22 i'd join a breakout startup" -
i bet you had a lot nuts growing from your chin in prison, huh taurus? you just prison gay though
texas sex offender caught flashing underage boys call police
i'm here to fight you
im keeping my hoodie sorry
ohio state would run empty qb split-zone as an rpo:
what's the qb's read?
i went yesterday and i'm going in the end of october
it's really cool in october, i went during halloween like 4 years ago and it was dope
it's time for donald trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee.
wow maybe a mistake but only your name shows. publish the whole thing
no ableism or stigma here. move along now, kids!
definitely not, just interesting choice of language
their instrument lineup and staging are very different on this tour. i think nels still has all his pedals, though.
there's less stuff all around. but he still goes nuts on impossible germany.
eating my first candy corn of the season!
but wait, it's nearly fall!
you're referring to the pension he's entitled to by law? so he used his pension to save children from aids?
exactly! what kind of asshole writes the headline they did?
listenin to
actually that is what all the ignorant, stupid and/or insane kids say, are those the qualities of "cool"?
i honestly don't know, because before lebron came back i'd say ri but then he takes a back seat to bron so he can't dominate
also steph got better since then but he still has that choking aspect and his game feels more one dimensional
that's 2017, then?
'...american will ever have....?
how's the pokemon go plus accessory so far?
what and where is the accesorie?
it's great to be back on the campaign trail.
the shirt you have on is very pretty and a nice color on you
probably just me being defeatist.
we'll have to help ya with that won't we? but honestly think about what comes next 4 day show
12. (continued) ask to use the bathroom before sex take off the liner and give ur coochie a quick wipe with the coochie wipes and ur good
13. if your discharge smells stank and really thick, you probably have a yeast infection
hope it went well. i'm gonna roll to the hotel to say hi to britt. hopefully i get a chance to meet you!
it did! yes please stop me sometime today or tomorrow. would love to connect!!
schools crack down on 'usa, usa' chant, ban flags --
not going to happy until a full out revolution happens in this country!! we must stop attacking our flag and wat it stands for
hm isnt there a way to get profile info (and org memberships) to find out employers? i never use my corp email in my commits eithr
probably there is, still totally not my point
all my son are pain in the butts with phones
i have to text them to tell them to call me back it's a bit crazy
screw winning, where can i just buy this
october 24th you can get it.
bozo or shakes?
their bastard child. would take a pic, but both hands about to be full of beers.
more than you love me!!
never baby. i can live without san francisco. i can't live without you.
126 things donald trump has said and done that should disqualify his candidacy:
i can't think of anything that keeps you for being disqualified
mac is back!
and harrison is there again.
play action?
terrible call.
no i didn't lie. i heard her say it. but i see you are one of those irrational bernie supporters. not wasting my time.
hrc will promote a const amdt to overturn citizens united in her 1st 30 days. sup ct picks more impactful.
check this out. wth?
holo-ry :/ she must be dead
lincoln's views on black people are way worse than trump's bigoted claptrap.
lincoln was assassinated by a white supremacist who hated his anti slavery position.
a presidential candidate threatening to sue the press. by threatening the is the implied threat to all the media. fascism.
what did he say? he blocked me so i can't see his tweets
need to date a photographer so he can take pictures of me all day
you &amp; me both lol
i'm also so happy to see them getting tons of attention. the brand has been so good for so long!
it was so amazing to meet you! thank you so much for stopping by.
. presenting at .
thank you for this!
why the fuck y'all ain't tell me about robert glasper?
for real ? listen to his and brandys joint
oh, btw, the new version of nuun is disgusting. anyone want an almost new container of fruit punch?
your marketing is dreadful.
it's so much better for you than the methamphetamine parkour
heroin barre tho
you are in denial. are the bad guys, or gang members going to turn it guns? wake up jamel.
what da hell does gun buy back programs have to do with confiscating guns? its voluntary. ur a conspiracy theorist
they'll uppercut anyone
caucasian uppercuts
ahhh! bummer! any luck after a reboot? had that happen before and it ended up being an issue with itunes or spotify or smthng
tried that,no luck have to hold them in with my thumb and index finger while holding 1 ear lobe and winking to get them to work
. the statement released by the eubanks team friday is utterly bizarre.
that statement basically said 'i'm hot shit &amp; too much for british middleweights...but i'm hurt.'
our daily newspaper is out!
brand new tune
usually only rep company gear but proud to rock &amp; today bec great peeps
reboot hoodie is also the snuggliest!
. and have been named sterling organizational co-players of the year.
let's start nimmo already!
do i even wanna know
lmao i'm in a car in a short dress
lets make another room flip ;3
bun warrens. they multiply.
this headline is shameful
old story. non no there there story
not a vintage oregon team by any means, but you can't understate the importance of this win for nebraska. badly needed for huskers.
not sure what they got brady hoke for. the d still stinks.
he was calling his ass out four years ago
dave, come back! just for a couple of months!
i need a bae to do all the things i want to do with me this fall.
fall things are the bae goals. fuck a summer fling, get a fall fling.
that feeling when everyone has their own car except you
i'll give you my car
dean miller thanks for hooking me up with book!
it's my pleasure. read it, share it, and if you need any copies for your team, let me know. i still have a few extras.
the idea that trump - who isn't good at very much - will move the country to his kind of nuttery is pure fantasy. /5
and yet as he failed like a bull in a china shop he could do extraordinary damage to the country and its alliances.
how not to block the haoh shoukouken
he tried to counter. you can't counter that.
wow @ don't be a fool
i'm literally shook. speechless. shawn fucking did that again
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
dude you're the only one who is disgusting
hush, hush, sweet charlotte was not only better but far more sympathetic to charlotte than i remembered. and quite sad.
was a lot more sadly disturbed by baby jane yesterday than expected. seated for charlotte now.
need someone who is gonna go apple picking and do other fall things w me
jk i'm driving and forcing to go w me
i have never judged a fandom by its cosplayer a harder than rick &amp; morty. loud, intrusive, &amp; uncomfortably rude every time.
related: don't touch me
my focus is on who gets to sue under int law. "only foreign investors" is a strange approach.
i must have missed the conversation, who else should sue under an investment treaty?
final: nebraska 35, oregon 32. ducks fall to 2-1, open pac-12 play next week.
this is all on helfrich, right?
i'm the sauce bauss
gimme a whole cup of that red sauce
agh didn't know you were on so early. gonna be at a friend's 45th bday dinner
you're not gonna miss much i'll be performing inside this escape hatch behind the stage
facts bro everything lit lol i miss yal too
og wavy boys need a link up
math fact: prices come down for middle-income only when everyone with more money stops bidding. hence, build more
there's well done science that suggests this is not true.
hope everyone has a relaxing weekend
happy saturday!!! enjoy! u look great
i'm literally shook. speechless. shawn fucking did that again
every single song so far has my heart. keep it up. beyond proud
well practice does make perfect
indeed :) i might need 8 hours of practice on your yummy clit :)
but isn't fucking bagels one of the only reasons people buy bagels?
bagels were made to fuck but don't fuck with them like they have feelings and stuff
never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama.
thin skinned or what..lol
went horseback riding with scouts today at a "christian farm." they said a prayer before we left asking for a safe ride and good weather.
did you remember to sacrifice one of the scouts to pater equus?
friendssss. hehe. come out early tonite to to see me play ! **my set is at 6pm. **six p m. meet u at merch after ? : )
wait. 6 or 6:30??
all these girls talking about losing their bf to 2k but i don't got that problem cuz i don't have a mans
i'm the one dubbing boys for 2k
my husband is an amazing software engineer. hire him!
really hope hubby finds something soon!
a social network with three parts: timeline (like twitter) profile (like facebook) chat (like imessage)
personally, i think facebook's most valuable feature is events. &lt;insert copy paste of "groupware bad" here&gt;
oh shit! i'm not on the newest episode yet
i'm genuinely sorry i ruined that for you
reboot hoodie is also the snuggliest!
i bet it feels like trust falls and smells like fresh baked cookies.
no here in the garden today. enjoying the beautiful day in hmb!
i love you collection of raw stones!
missing out on seeing citizen tonight for like the 263627372827272 time :)
but about to go watch bixel boys play on a boat so it's worth it this time
i was on the phone dealing with work stuff and passed the fuck out
ac on wasting my $3/gallon gas.
fiyah, we battling for hair???
you know my lace stay laced lol
the hoodie is like a warm hug from
yup and too!
word man. ink looks great. super jealous. shots on me next time i see your punk ass out
i can't argue with that bro, one love
team full of goats
in the program and in your heart
how many independent pizza places deliver to your house? (not a domino's/papa john's/etc.?)
probably around forty? i live far from most though.
thank you jesus for mateo guerrero wright
congrats bro to you and your family!
"i'm going to strangle you with a bralette"
when i had long hair katie and meaghan said they were going to cut my hair off when we fought hahah
what do you say folks? do i wear the hat while presenting at 430p in lk 101 on soul?
i vote yes!
the failing has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
but breitbart and alex jones are reputable to you.
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
liking you isn't litmus test for journalism, breitbart boy.
i really need to stop listening to sad, self-reflective melissa manchester songs. what's wrong with me?
my sad songster of choice is janis ian. ex-hubby called it "music to slit your wrists by" then put on lil feat &amp; we'd dance.
missed my awesome colleague and friend reagan humber so much!! love that man.
love you guys.
steph, russ, cp3, lowry, lillard, wall all better
i had him over lowry but this ranking triggered me so i agree with you now
well do you remember me replying to the pic of your license last night? i said you looked shirtless lmao
everyone told me i look shirtless lmao
dray comeback! we miss u!
i play. add me andrejoseph
that's because he's so good at shooting people overlook his ability to get to the rim. kyrie game prettier tho. both shit defenders
yeah but when his shooting fails he doesn't start getting to the rim he tries to shoot his way out of it
i knew instagram wasn't private but it didn't seem fully public, in a garbage-can-in-a-park way.
i had to finally lock mine down this week. disappointing. can't imagine the volume you are seeing.
can't share with my wife. won't see the appletv. home interface is frustrating. just put me in a bad mood, so i vented publicly.
sorry dude! all the above works for me! i blame revolv :)
rollin thru the pressure
your lineman got a pick 6
are they interactive?
indeed they are. you can hover over the peaks to see their plotted value. (also, depth is time, or steps.)
guess who else is a career criminal? taurus is
0 interest lol old news
stay in bed with today
thanks for the shoutout this morning, ! i'll have to take a new morning selfie.. the beard is back!
i would probably do that unless you can start 5 wrs or so.
4 at the most
i shelled and deveined and cooked shrimp for the first time tonight! i am telling twitter because otherwise it never happened!!!
shelling shrimp is oddly fun. you feel like you have accomplished something!
thank you for the rts
penguins are my favorite!! have a great day tomorrow!
the idea that trump - who isn't good at very much - will move the country to his kind of nuttery is pure fantasy. /5
in the main, trump voters are disenfranchised, have had little stake in the country's direction, and have little to lose.
they simply assisted and assisted and assisted accompanied by the suggestive powers of gary houndstooth danielson!
you can keep gary and vern!
totally forgot you can edit that list. was looking in news settings. thanks.
adding transit to that list has been the improvement in ios 10 for me
tuesday, join us for to share ideas and resources
i'll be at back to school night but hope to make the next twitter chat!
i found the chris hayes segment on youtube and posted it. a man with no conscience.
but he was sweating like heck....lol!
they just couldn't pay to promote the film on tv.
film distribution is more than "showing in theaters" eg marketing strategy, advertising etc
the new book is a pleasure as always. hope billy &amp; diana's adventures continue after the war ends!
thanks so much! if they both survive...
awesome! thanks! i'll be sure to look out for him! what you guys do seems interesting :)
emma i shouldn't be hard to spot! :) looking fwd to connecting!
my derp derp moment: realizing another santana is pitching forminnesota
his actual given name is johan. he changed it to earvin to avoid confusion.
the finish to this game will be as the kids say ... lit.
not really. this game over. doubt will be challenge the rest of the season.
remove the probably!
and make your vote count, vote for her.
like i said, there's more recent stuff too. that many charges he should still be behind bars
show the recent ones you're doing so much work for me thank you so much chad
hey is the show tonight at 8 or 9?! site says 9, ticket says 8
tonight's show is 8pm doors, 9pm show!
run this town
queen of them all, i meant the one and only beauty queen
decidedly janky animation from the fastest mobile phone ever produced
bad choice for an animation curve more than jank. sucks either way though.
...but really, the chicken tho. who does that?
o.m.g!!!!! lmfao!!!!! really gurl? really?
anyhow can someone swing by pico and see if the fruit boy is back at it? gonna be a lot of people wanting that cold mango. hot day in la
dude your crackup! who would a thunk it!
dang i'm busy this fall season
yeah i know you're busy going apple picking w me
show her, !
looking for a shirt, a pedagogy, or both?
usc quarterback max browne in the stanford stadium tunnel.
he will not be waking back into it in about 4 hrs
i don't put pictures of my children on facebook - and y...
thanks for raising this issue so that people can make conscious parenting choices!
season finale tonight. thank you to all the fans, we see you
can't wait for season 3
i either have tons of order hall resources or none and there is no in between.
i'm not looking forward to finishing this next class hall research. i've put order resources on a low priority...
i call this baby the bee sting good with dealing damage with a shotgun and rivets and add fire damage to cause pain
heh i didn't know you can customize your weapon in dead space3 bro
touchdown: alabama defensive lineman jonathan allen snags an interception and run 75 yards down the field for td. alabama 48, ole miss 30
24 in the 1st half. 2nd half. splat!!!!!
thanks for the lovely sneak peek, ladies!
i think that pics on the fetchgoodyalsop tumblr if it's back up
what the fuck. last week i broke out the day before the raiders game too. shit gets me too fuckin nervous. fuckkk
where u watchin the game tomorrow? coming to 43rd st?
prediction on tomorrow, what makes this team go? went thru some struggles last year without you. thoughts on drought?
missing shola is a big hole in the middle hopefully new signings can fill that..prediction 4-1 fpfc with win
sun sets at seasidepark yacht club after bomb explodes this am at semperfive run. i'll be on at 11
glad to see your coverage of this. doesn't seem to be to important on the national level. it can happen anywhere!
*team of elite nsa agents bust in on snowden at a laptop* stop all the downloadin!!!
jack bauer: snowden, damnit! tell me! snowden: i don't know anything! bauer: stop lying! did you copy that floppy?!
this what y'all want to look like
who's y'all? i'm fine being tall and slim
after ex-defense secretary respected by both parties slams republican nominee, republican nominee calls him "dopey"
i guess trump got his tweet privileges for the weekend.
that's the 1. centcom apologized for alleged error. intelligence scrutiny lacking, apparently..
2..are pursuing same goals. conflicting agendas &amp; varying transparency of who's pulling strings.
happy birthday my queenhope you have the best birthday babycan't wait to see youmahal na mahal kita
aw i love you so much
so nice to meet you there !
thank you it was so great to get to meet you both!
classy saturdayzee
precisely. gotta stay as classy as possible at all times
omg! is doing the competition.
i'm hella dumb
in the ghetto truck
i know you miss my truck with the ghetto aux cord
, here's a balloon. thanks for coming.
well played sir.
liberal media back at it again with the
well said kathy!!
there's well done science that suggests this is not true.
immergluck has found "trickle down housing" doesn't play out that way irl
he doesn't have a twitter
bitch the one i wanna @ don't have a twitter either
but white uneducated voters - whose numbers are declining - will be set up for electoral and policy revenge for decades. /7
no. so long as gop as we know it survives this cycle, it needs disenfranchised class trump has exercised. key constituency.
prediction on tomorrow, what makes this team go? went thru some struggles last year without you. thoughts on drought?
hopefully has a solid game like last week...need to get ahead early and often
how many independent pizza places deliver to your house? (not a domino's/papa john's/etc.?)
at what time of night?
she left him and had a whole entire new husband a week later. stop it
i could still say he's an asshole tho.
anybody have a chance to beat bama this year?
besides cards, of course
actually it is 100% acceptable to chase both pokmon and dreams
i disagree. you can't do both effectively. one will suffer, i promise you. no judgement- if you pick pokeman cool
lets link up ross i'm with jb bout to be with kev tooo.
yeee quick drive
very beautiful!
heading out to my favorite restaurant. asian-buffet-all-the-groceries-you-can-stuff-down-yer-neck type.
still wondering why iowa would schedule a game that provides no benefit or upside whatsoever. stupid.
iowa state is with you wondering same thing.
it's much easier with a keyboard
glad you're back on twitter bud
presenting with a hunger strike commemorative plaque is ira old bailey bomber gerry kelly
but i'm sure it was just a "joke"
that's what happened to me when i had it a month ago...it was horrrrrrrrrrible
i hate it, i always get it this time of the year
whoever isn't doing anything tonight?! go to h2o. gonna turn up and have fun tonight for ya girl.
youre fake you're on timeout for a month
i'm so confused about what the bartlett / south elgin game has to do with sinking a boat
. im so glad i graduated so i don't have to participate in whatever this nonsense is
when you swing it makes music!! can this stay forever
jk i know it can't stay here because christmas in the park is here. but move it closeby to the monopoly in the park &amp; tech museum area
why are the first three showing up as question marks?
you must not have updated to include david's choking-hands emoji.
trump's go-to is "i never met the guy", therefore he has no right to diss me. weird since he has so much to say about people he's never met.
also, he's running for president. criticism comes with the job. except for whining donald.
aaah! i love this little guy!
thanks!! c:
those bastards! we are a solid two!
is that why side b was empty on stay hungry lol. bastards indeed! !
i am so happy for and what a great win. congratulations coach!!!
that was such a good game.
i bet it feels like trust falls and smells like fresh baked cookies.
haha there is a bit more tough love, mine still smells like tuscany though!
headed out to see with while making poor decisions with wine and cheese.
you mean "pour" decisions. right?
i can't imagine them being "happy" when abby gets back even w/no jj/gabby. they have some big issues.
abby does. but they don't as a couple. they were fine before she left.
that's true. it's the overconfidence that makes him think that if he keeps shooting, he'll hit some, but it hurts the team
exactly and i think that the fact that if kyrie's off he'll penetrate is what can put him over steph
hi so tonight does not work for me but i request a group outing for the three of us in the near future please
deep into a dawson's creek binge, so same. open your paper calendars and pencil in, pls.
i love your top
thanks doll!
no joke i think about this video all the time
this video is the inside of my head at all times
i'm also allowed to share my opinion abt something i've taken time to consider w/my personal twitter account. no need to "breathe."
and i'm allowed to respond.
avon, but i'm good with any of those
you had to be "that guy" haha
i apologize for my generalization......i shou have said "some of y'all"
lol nah i'm just being annoying, proceed
entrepreneurs, this is important: &amp; break down financial models
informative read. any other good resources for getting familiar with this sort of stuff?
thats bouta be sweettttttt
that's a fact !
that's true. it's the overconfidence that makes him think that if he keeps shooting, he'll hit some, but it hurts the team
because he's already a good shooter and i'd argue a better driver/ finisher than steph
he can't throw dude. his pocket presence is non-existent
i agree he played scared. he had no backup though.
cocoon - american boy
brand new tune
he will be on november 8th. get used to it. the voice of the american people.
not a chance
looking for anything fun, william?
managed to buy a couple plants for my front yard xd
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
everything is rigged against the donald except for the hundreds of millions in tax subsidies. stop whining
never touched csgo...but coexists makes me want to touch it. a lot.
it's fun if you have people to play with
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
you are a liar and the secret service should investigate you for inciting harm on hrc.
usine is your spot. so alternative it's state sponsored.
l'usine rocks hard
if you wanna come to nyc peach fuzz tonight hmu for list plzzzzzzzz
i saw you dj with in omaha 6 years ago i'd be honored!
stop by the booth today at !
is this up at ?
when ur in the middle of a school pic but then u remembered he lied on march 17th 2015
this really relates to me on every level. i felt this in my soul
o.m.g!!!!! lmfao!!!!! really gurl? really?
killed me
drug related?
can't change the past.... and i don't owe anyone not one damn thing only me
everyone in the house was like who was just taking scoops out of the cookie dough with their fingers? i was like:
why am i just reading all of your tweets?
certainly a chance for that. wonder if akpom, zelalem, willock see action?
akpom deserves it for his snapchat-takeover performance alone. so good.
the mets placed jon niese on the 60-day disabled list to clear the 40-man roster spot for lucas duda's...
please move him to the 6,000 day disable list.
not sure whether to allow that or tell you take the pic before you take the beers.
wavy is between the bar and my seat. i have no choice, as i am already at the bar. priorities.
i should have when i was young
you still can do it,,,,youre hot :)
execution and accuracy were lacking, dungey says.
points, too..just sayin'
updated ranks as well...
hey should i start joe smith over obj, i know he's rated lower but i think his matchup is
$200 really? they are free tickets. give them to a fan who missed out for free. dick move.
that is a dick move!! i tried to get some for two hours straight
only music video on my phone
memories... thanks for the flashback
just checking in i'm alive just still sick... not talking big photo shoot monday and gotta get ok by then... love u
hope you feel better and get rested.. ;-)
look at the ball. miracle that bogaerts was able to 1. hit it. 2. keep it fair. 3. hit it over the green monster.
tremendously talented player.
if we eastern catholics make fun of guitar mass, the latins have license to eviscerate us for our inability to get on pitch.
there's no reason to think a guitar mass will be on pitch
but who signed the civil rights act??
the act was signed into law by president lyndon b. johnson on july 2, 1964.
bastian salon on : ever since i came here this is the only salon that i will be going to. the people here are ...
sosyal! love ur hair.. welcome to the club..
books recommended by marc andreessen ()
i hope or someone updates this with 's suggestions at today's .
i meant "let" tho
yeah ik, it was just all a mess after thank you though
driver impaled by 3ft bamboo pole when his bus crashes head-on with a truck
thank goodness it's not his left side
this tuna was swimming 12 hours ago. now it's been marinated in soy, ponzu, chili paste, scallions, garlic, ginger
now that's a good turnaround
thank you for your clue - you led me to these wonderful people!
happy birthday my friend. enjoy the day.
wtf is that
i'll explain it to you when you're older.
"get off me." - leonard fournette, probably.
harambe has a meaner stiff arm
you can add skunks to that list too
those smelly fuckers!
i swear to the gods, i'm not of this earth
is this ny?
track is getting prepped for the can't wait it's friggin raceday!!! where are you?
i'm next door in the sponsor's booth you and better be on your best behavior
really, he did his time, and has grown, would you like your mistakes public?
thx so much for your support people like him let me know i'm on the right path
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
. how do you not see that you flasely blast people every day?
i just saw a woman wearing a niqab riding a hoverboard
i have to vote for trump now the radical muslims are at it again
my socially conscious son texted me this cartoon earlier today.
your son is smart
why am i just reading all of your tweets?
oh right. because i wasn't tagged in any of them.
voters have every right to see, asap, the presidential nominees' health records and tax returns as previous nominees have provided.
voters have every right to see the media act on fairness rather than reality show .
wavy is between the bar and my seat. i have no choice, as i am already at the bar. priorities.
the line is hella long. possibly because a fucking clown is driving everyone to drink.
huge sisterly s/o to for saving lives last night
anytime no sisters left behind love you all
happy birthday to one of my favorite people on this planet thank jesus you're in my life i love you
awe pey i love you so so much! so grateful for your beautiful self
how i feel about not being at game day, but as always, go card!
plenty of tix available so go or come over and watch with us!
malcolm turnbull: australia's border protection policy 'the best in the world'
. correction: 's border the most inhumane in the world.
leptobrachium are basically eyeballs on legs ;)
wow!!!
i have no room for you in my heart but i do have room for you in the trunk of my car
i hope its a roomy trunk
mum's heartbreak at her 'werewolf baby' who has inherited rare gene
poor baby,almost everyone in the family has the gene
what was it?
a grande hazelnut coffee frappe with chocolate chips &amp; 1 scoop of vanilla bean, no whip
heading to colorado for a big rally. massive crowd, great people! will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
we are excited to have you here! we know you will !
thinking about all the clouds we're gonna be chasing at space tonight like
you better go. i saw him last night in new york and holy tits he threw the fuck down
fuck the job market. black women are literally pressured from birth about their hair. it's in the beauty code.
it's actually in the textbook. i have a copy from 1989 to prove it. .
bought it 30 minutes after it arrived fresh off the boat
oh damn i was expecting you to have caught it like a real man much like i did back in my day
its a joke, saban pays off the refs and illegally recruits, biggest pos in cfb
fuck that guy.
my migraines are so bad that i literally lose my vision. i wouldn't wish that on my worst freaking enemy.
have you gone to the neurologist about them? i get horrible migraines
yeah it's a beta feature right now
i thought only certain users got it. not location based.
grace ok there's this tutor tutoring two kids and one adult at the library and theyre using ur book omg
i think she's trying to learn english and theyre using ur freaking book low key freaking out
this is ridiculous
i have never gotten so many weird looks in my life after 8 years of cosplaying lmao
have an extra ticket for beyonc tonight ,$170 dm me
sold to , i aint sorry
it is time for change, real change
real change would be the first woman potus. vote hrc!!
oh my god can you dm me this narumitsu shower dj too?
i actually dont have it, you gotta contact for it
that woman tortured my younger years. in the best way. a must have
met her at a con a long time ago. probably 15-20 years ago. she's awesome!
hillary's campaign insisted that the election be about character/personality and not policies. not surprisingly, she failed such scrutiny.
of no concern...the globalist will ensure hrc is placed in the seat of power to carry out zionist globalist agenda
it's tonight at 10:00 pm eastern on cbs sports radio. go to their website to listen or find your local station
on the calendar
you really meant to say, "don't leave a meeting without some plan for follow up."
haha good catch! typing too quickly
happy birthday beautiful lady
thank you sweet girl
i can just about hear that howl, but that dog sure is cute.
he is a really good dog. has the typical beagle howl. :)
this is the same guy who was absolute trash as an nfl coach, sucked big time
that will never be forgotten by me. won't ever hear me worshiping him because he can over-recruit lmao. who can't win with that?
me when i got the keys comes on..
i'm loving his short videos omg
that's good vice principles are the cool ones
shouts out to greg leland
ok, so ur a rocket scientist!
ok so you're brad pitt
every time i get on an airplane, i look at my bottle of vicodin and say, "here's to another beautiful journey, girl." and then i high 5 me.
dont forget the tequila
asked my family doctor 'bout what i had, i said, "doctor, doctor, mister m.d., can you tell me, what's ailing me?"
he said: yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah....2x
war times..lets dance. have a great weekend all! enjoy it's saturday!
wonderful photograph! have a fabulous evening.
but dad i'm 8! that's old enough
are you seriously 8?
that's good vice principles are the cool ones
i ate a hot pocket as i roamed the halls this morning
cocoon - american boy
brand new tune
90% of the time it works every time girardi explains pitching moves that didn't work out
girardi goes way overboard with pitching changes. taking tanaka out, thursday night was the final dagger in this season.
if they really want to undo the damage of years past they have to run on issues not just not being republicans
i'm sorry, did you somehow miss the myriad policies put forth by the clinton/kaine campaign?
yeah yo what's up
baking at home! meet up at ze bb tomorrow morning??
parents away. i stop by to water my mom's plants. find a pipe leaking and a flooded kitchen and basement.
oh shit, u ok? (uncle is a plumber if u need)
i just think there will be trust issues on both their parts. but i guess we'll have to wait &amp; see.
i can't see why abby would have trust issues with chad.
to be fair they hold every play
and it's not "holding happens on every play" holding, either.
if i don't go to a university that's not all about football then i may as well just not go to school
i can't argue this tweet too much!
yes! it better be on there
yea only 2 more left so its on
well, that was the kerry hatley show all the way. 29-27 morales in an excellent fight marred by terrible work from the ref.
does he have a history of this kind of craic?
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
are those lawyers the same imaginary investigators you sent to hawaii on your racist birther campaign
and a great pic of the leader himself inside the
love this pic! i used it to illustrate an old can "beos replace mac os" article
ayyyy when u was at my job
last night. talk to your people's cus that hookah was trash
to be fair they hold every play
it's play-altering holding that bama gets away with
love you so much thank you. so proud of all the amazing things youre doing in life.
love you
just a quick peek of my goodies before i get rammed by
such a naughty girl
is it weird to do an unboxing video of a secondhand fursuit? &lt;_&lt; i'll be getting a secondhand fursuit soon and i'm actually really excited!
ooh!! what suit??
i think steph better mostly because he's more consistent overall. well unless we're talking about the finals, then kyrie better
i feel that steph had a 30 ppg season so it's hard to argue against it. but i just feel skill wise they're equal for some reason
not sure i agree with "understandable" as it weakens the fight against isis in deir ezzor.
reasonable/understandable that it could be unintentional if us intel on region force deployment was wrong
yes, kei uniqlo blue polo sold very well after he beat andy murray. hey, angie kerber was sponsored by yonex too!
agreed, is doing really well with racquets. i'm getting curious to demo myself.
decided to keep the bombblackgirlsss instagram account! so now im officially on both twitter and instagram!
thank you jesus
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
yep, you really are, donald.
all thing being equal, i wouldn't want to be helfrich in the post game interview
helfrich doesn't want to be helfrich in the post game. he has to double down on horrible choices.
i just made this cut with a chopsaw.
kudos for knowing what a chop saw is.
i need to throw on a speedo. what do we think of this one? i really don't know.
little loose isn't it
yes, it's time to think (and act) big--planetary scale--on med info
hear, hear.
yo, this track has me realizing that i could listen to an entire album of cudi humming and be more than ok with it.
cudi did his thing on "through the late night" track. hopefully one of his new double albums contains content like that.
portland normally used 14-foot bumps but will use shallower 27-foot ones but only on bus routes.
. i made a speed hump video for y'all. on my way home from store with 25 lbs of groceries.
ey girl, you want to see my sonic screwdriver? ;) *calls the police on me*
don't worry babe. it's bigger on the inside
women using compact mirrors in a crowd to catch sight of queen elizabeth ii, 1966. photograph by james p. blair.
funny today we just use cell phones on sticks.
let's just take a moment to look at saturn. there. you may continue with your day.
nice to remind yourself how insignificant our worldly issues are to the magnificence of the universe.
blue team will beat fcd because we were born to deal with blue fans arrogance
sigh. so true. on our tl someone is heralding the fact that 5 players touched the ball like its the apotheosis of soccer
umm... try this:
thanks for sharing!
i keep thinking that this entire election season is one of those flashback hallucinations i was warned about 40 yrs. ago.
omg!!so true!! same here!
if they really want to undo the damage of years past they have to run on issues not just not being republicans
oh wait, i looked at your tweets. you hate hillary, good to know.
meeting tomorrow give me a shout. x
just got back from a 20+ mile bike ride... aching now! worth it for the views before the bridge got misty not sure what the
okayyyyy so i hid a random ninja turtle in this week's video!!! screenshot it and send it to me! i'll follow some of you
i found it
lmfaooooo i didnt see u. i was working
i was sitting at the table by the door next to the little screen thing where the print the receipts
i just think there will be trust issues on both their parts. but i guess we'll have to wait &amp; see.
i can kind of see chad not trusting abby to not try and take off again.
honestly treat yo self also miss you boo
lmao still feeling guilty about all the halsey merch i bought miss you!
a brought a packet of tissues...it may not be enough! (@ city cinemas village east for the light between oceans)
went to see blair witch, hmm.
which case are you using now?
just the apple silicon one!
this one?
no!!!!!!!!! people keep sending me that one omg did i dream this
these are our emojis
yes, yes they are
lmfaooooo i didnt see u. i was working
i was there for like an hour. that hookah was killing me lmao
cocoon - american boy
brand new tune
meeting tomorrow give me a shout. x
plan is tomorrow bt will have to let you know if can meet up! we were going to drive out to santa cruz or something but unsure x
you should be .
no i shouldn't, i actually understand basic physics so i know how silly is.
exactly i was thinking the same thing
smart minds think alike
paul bosch tweets in all caps
the butt snorkel
a week to autumn's season, beautiful change of colors, nature teaches us to renovate &amp; love life. , nyc
absolutely gorgeous alberto t. peroni. autumn is truly amazing.
i've been watching disney movies all day and it's amazing
but you couldn't come to the game?
i have lost all respect for the college game, its turned into the sec show, lots of fans are sick of it head up asses
yeah i don't even care to watch any more than to avoid total boredom when i'm home on saturdays. garbage spread offense.
i don't even care if someone walks in on me while i'm taking a shit
pretty sure i love you
breaking: obama administration official expresses us regret for 'unintentional loss of life' after airstrike on syrian forces. -
well i think it's safe to say any hope that some sort of solution to this war was close is gone. wasn't much to begin with.
someone be my night in shinning armor? help me with the trip to get my sister?
you would be fun to shoot with :)
what should my next piercing be:
u should chill cuz ur only 15. just wait. the more stuff u do now the less stuff you can do when ur older
gonna go to my mom's house with wine &amp; throw all my problems on her lap while simultaneously emptying her fridge like a heartbroken woman
i miss you facetime me later and tell me all your probz i need your vibesssss x
damn so we pretending like hit girl wasn't ode poppin in kickass? yall hating chole mortez bc the kardashians hate her, fucking bandwagons.
she was popping now she annoying lol
o.m.g!!!!! lmfao!!!!! really gurl? really?
and that bitch didn't even say 'thank you!'
the worst part of a long line at ikea is that you have no choice but to watch hundreds of thousands of people walk around eating ice cream
for me it's the endless smell of cinnamon rolls but you know it's not worth the second line
cus they ugly!!!
that's the tea!
yum!! i just found a recipe for egg foo yung i'm trying next week!
not a fan of that too much,norma. oriental chicken dishes are it for me.
germans rally against planned eu trade deals with us, canada
missing eu merchandise on west coast. had to go to east coast to buy italian clothing easily. everything made in china here.
so basically condoms can only kill the unborn??
i don't see how that's possible.
keep on 'em thxs
i'm monitoring trumpcase
this tuna was swimming 12 hours ago. now it's been marinated in soy, ponzu, chili paste, scallions, garlic, ginger
i disagree with your decision to soak day fresh tuna in marinade but i'll defend to the death your right to do it.
the cutest!!
wow now really seeing this ily guys....
i can't because i already gave it to another friend for the exact same reason
why you gotta let me down like this (i'm kidding ily)
what's the alternative? dilapidated buildings is not an affordable housing strategy.
people evicted from substandard housing should be payed huge sums. the long term alternative is to smite the nimbys.
lmao this boy in my class yesterday looked at me and said i don't like bangs
well i didnt get em to impress you bitch ass
dont you dare
you're not my real mom, steph!
breaking: kd knight says psm should give a timeline for her departure. he says he cannot see simpson miller leading the pnp beyond 2017.
here it comes
i dropped my phone off a 20 ft rock in central park and it survived with no scratches, idk how but god bless
jo literally took a pic of it
you think getting friend zoned is bad, imagine your creepy male friend thinking you owe them sex.
holy shit that sounds terrible!
i honestly believe they coach it...they know officials won't call it more than once a possession so why not
good point, like seattle (who i love) on defense
will the saints beat the giants tomorrow?
there you have it!
yus. you should prolly just be in the next year.
why wasn't i invited this year? i would have done a 5th draft to play in a league with you
hudson catholic fall league begins this sunday at hc. immaculate conception, pope john xxiii, st. ant's, patrick school, hudson catholic.
listen up 'merica ...hs basketball's true gauntlet
can someone pls tweet me the video of those 2 girls 2 mannequin heads dancing to closer thanks i'm really bad at the internet
i feel like may have tweeted it but i can't remember
damn last night was so epic
bro one of the best nights i can remember
i've bee cleaning literally all day today! trying to make myself a little "space" for less stressful work . sorry for my lack of response
nice to see you :)
should i also not read bb?
"a walk in the woods" is great. everything else makes me angry. he is a boomer travel writer who is bad at traveling.
can't you be added as a driver to one he's rented?
he doesn't have a credit card. and it was a prepaid reservation. that they let me make, then wouldn't honor.
i was craving taco bell but idk if we all want to go there lol
i'll go wherever
. i'm not even joking at this point lol i'm dealing with a nutcase
omg this would be crazy
phoenix has some pretty decent airport tacos
i know that restaurant, i've been there. i concur.
thanks to you!
this was the one movie in the series that i hadn't seen.
may allah forgive us all.
subhanallah
. sometimes silence is golden. only person missing me is you. i might report you to twitter as a stalker.
hey! he recently did a guest appearance in thanks to the bundesliga and bayern munich!
howard e. butt jr., grocery empire heir who spread a gospel, dies at 89 heb was a big part of growing up in tx.
there butt for the grace of god go i
i used to watch a lot more when i was younger, got turned off to this over the yrs - too predictable -
to be fair, it was always rigged. we just were naive to how things worked back then.
goin to the rangers game :) been a while since i've been to a mlb game
you should come see the ny rangers play
team usa looks either nervous or over confident.
quickie have a bad game?
i think it's a saban coaching philosophy he stretches the rules on recruiting and everything else why not that
there is no coincidence that he and bill have been friends for over 25 years.
my bad 900 now thanks so much
now at $1150..
nice. think i'm going with a leather apple case. the only shortcoming with the previous gen was the buttons and they fixed that.
i love the leather ones but they scratch pretty easily but i think that's the intended look?
ideas would bounce into each other with one person talking geopolitics and the next about dating etiquette or their homework- felt more real
were you at today?
i def passed by and ya never bought a refill from me. pal de rata
definitely around 2
bruhh dumbass syrian tries to take a selfie with his phone, blows himself up.
frigging awesome video! !thanks for sharing!!
as media slowly starts to challenge trump on his lies &amp; vapidity, he's threatening to sue to stifle journalists.
very very slowly
this is so much wtf?!?
putting it mildly...they gotta lock this down
watching michigan state notre dame tonight.
mcglinchey is a monster
yes. once a year. never my dad tho.
he gave me the talk that one year
i def passed by and ya never bought a refill from me. pal de rata
lmaoooo i got the hookah from some tall guy with a beard
great weather?
yes 60s start and sun didn't really get too warm at all for the run
i'm betting you packed some great food &amp; wine
incredible sandwiches from tivoli general.
if i were a coach i'd point it out before i played them it's not just holding on the ol it's mugging at every position
dallas cowboys definitely do
i took a bunch of classics at stanford, including a class on sex and death. i'm on board. it's trojan-y.
trojan-y as in the sex or as in the death?
dear lol, now there's an offer i cannot refuse! what a birthday gift!
i still giggle when i remember your convo with sam and cait regarding signing the magazine you had at saks
most are just big ole babies! cities here have a ban on them. soo sad!
dogs are not mean by nature, it's the owners that make them mean. my cat plays with neighbors doberman. so cute
dock a point when they were both throwing after the horn, don't dock a point for that clearly illegal knee, then two shitty scorecards.
only the first fight, going to be hard to beat that, but i think they can do it!
oh wow you might be my fav person ever
me right now
is les miles great or overrated?
depends on the day tbh
and for the new show bon mackatit (sp?) at
bon mac'etit!
lugo tosses a scoreless first. is ready to lead off!
so far..lugo is struggling! can we hit for him?
true, but not as blatantly as its being done now, refs on the take, betting on the games and its so obvious too
yes, more money at stake, always follow the money trail.
reading is fundamental. clearly you didn't bother to read the story.
robin dont listen to this bozo !
you are most welcome. i would hope that someone in your position gets this.
aw definitely not anyone of any importance but happy to share on
i believe there's a grand total of 0 clinton, bernie or cruz supporters who are birthers. what does that say?
clinton dipped her toe into birtherism though granted not out of conviction.
"yes. i'm with ."
we need, like, reverse wedding rings to signal "available and interested" and if you don't see that then gtfo.
and take us with him
that'd be super nice
congratulations to and for (unofficially) clenching the 2016 gta championship!
thank you!!!!
my roommate won't stop yelling in german and it's stressing me out and i want to throw my computer at her. 2 rts and i'll do it
my roomate moved out so there's an extra bed &amp; you can come live with me :)
well 30 doesn't feel any different yet... going to party my thoughts about that number away though tonight
pssh 30 is the new 18. happy birthday!
i hope everyone is having a great day... everyone except . you're stinky
well i'm having a great day lol
i love cudi from the bottom of my heart, but you should never bite the hand that feeds you. in his case it's kanye
same thing i'm saying even if ye got 100 writers he should shit talk to everyone but him
it was probably another radicalized catholic
or presbyterian jihadist
i believe so. i've had one on my 6+ for 2 years and it's achieved a nice patina. i would keep using it if it fit the 7+!
what color is it?
so does play station!!
i thought it's free if you got wifi
i dare to say that in front of at . assuming he shows up.
. is right. he doesn't bully to your face. waits to brag about how well he handles it when he did nothing.
ah, that's a shame. was hoping to bump into you and a few of your team at one of the bars tonight.
it is a shame! but luckily my squad is still there. cc etc.
i h8 that. and dont u jus hate it when u leave ur phone charger in ur private yacht docked all the way in cancun
you "blow" my mind
wait there's another one??? ahaha have this is the only one i've seen
the other one is funnier i think it's two dancers so it's so on beat had literal tears in her eyes watching
good evening. please follow and dm us with your telephone number so that we may contact you to establish your account. ~gm
. thanks! someone called me and got the process going!
i personally think he's brilliant, he can't control helfrich calls. i like mark, but recruiting is
we've never been great at recruiting.. this was play calling plain and simple.
i felt so sick when i got home from training that i fell asleep and i'm just waking up
i think it's time to start working out because those tools are heavy holy shit
that outfit!!!!!!
thanks so much it's a peach i must admit x
trump thinks he's smarter than everyone: that rattling then sheathing the saber will get nyt and anderson cooper to go easy on him.
he knows they wont go easy on him, hes letting ppl know what theyre up to so the people wont listen to them
this is nothing less than intimidation! this is exactly how trump gets what he wants thru intimidation and/or bribes
of course it is
the internet is a treasure trove of information and advice
blood is "the same as red wine"? are these vampires, or catholics?
can someone pls tweet me the video of those 2 girls 2 mannequin heads dancing to closer thanks i'm really bad at the internet
god dammit it was heathens not closer i am so sorry, internet
smoke was getting better, now got a lot worse. can see from euclid/hearst.
white smoke means water on the fire
okayyyyy so i hid a random ninja turtle in this week's video!!! screenshot it and send it to me! i'll follow some of you
i found it :) you should follow me ilysm
i think it's time to start working out because those tools are heavy holy shit
i watched an airbag deploy and omg
happy birthday :)!!!!
thanks cousin
lmao your fans are brutal on us too
in the future sex bots are gonna have some pretty nice tech racks.
you're such an asshole.
one of the probable reasons why the potus has to be 35+ years old is for adult maturity. trump acts like he's 9 years old.
he should probably get lawyers who know "irresponsible intent" isn't actionable.
it's almost literally the opposite of the standard (actual malice).
most are just big ole babies! cities here have a ban on them. soo sad!
i'll have to catch ghost and goober playing on a vid and post it. you all will be in hysterics.
"i'm feuding with " -
not true! the is a bear of a guy. i would never mess with him.
candles- daughter (i got tired of resting my voice)
this is so incredibly beautiful
tonight i drew lana from hyrule warriors...i love using this tablet its so fun
glad to see that tablet is turning out to great 8d
mom: "the new york office has wine"
sf has wine too! 5th floor.
hahaha that's great i love it!
all my dc boys doing big things. proud
thanks for the free coffee or tea w my pastries &amp; oatmeal not crappy tea either. a very nice !
glad you enjoyed it :)
giving back to the ones that support the movement.
been supporting the movement since need those tickets to the nyc show in november
those that know, know. best pizza in nyc
what spot is that??
i have always been a democrat,. not this time.. i'm for trump. it's our only chance for our country to heal.
carl, there are so many ! spread the word, and know that we are all together for trump
yo i'm done w/ these whiny mothafuckas bitching that their iphones didn't come in...it's not the end of the fucking world
my iphone didn't come in
wait there's another one??? ahaha have this is the only one i've seen
lima i'm sry it was heathens but you should still watch it:
my date tonight (congrats rich and liz)
the godfather g money
yes one bush plaza, aka crown zellerbach bldg is brilliant, one of my fav sf bldgs
crown zellerbach bldg design begun by , then he did inland steel bldg chicago
i wanted to go to this so much. lifetime of angband, patreon to df... alas, austin &amp; sf are far apart. i feel your pain. get well!
it's pretty incredible they put this together. i'm bummed but also glad to just lay here.
me and wavy gravy. don't say i never do anything for you
wavy gravy kind of looks like he's related to tweedy, btw.
love them home dogs.
then of course the covers happen...
i personally love having cable. i know many are cord cutters these days but i enjoy the variety.
hey i'm 50, i'd love to cut the cord but we both know it'll never happen
okayyyyy so i hid a random ninja turtle in this week's video!!! screenshot it and send it to me! i'll follow some of you
i found it you should follow me ilysm
aha i'm trying to get there . you got the burner over there
aye fareal tho , when i start working out everyday again , ima be a1
7/18/16 the dangerous militarization of the cleveland police department
third world country here we come.
i'm so sorry for the delay. as soon as your bag's been retrieved, you will be contacted and delivered back to you. gideon
yesterday i was told my bag would be delivered today. this is ridiculous there's been multiple flights from zurich since yesterday
never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama.
you are losing your home state of new york by huuuuuuuuge numbers. what kind of must you be to do that!
where'd you go?? i've been wanting to do this forever!
i'm in this one
i completely agree. kanye west is so entitled so he's just eh to me always been good but he gotta chill tf out did u see beef
yuh i was like bruh, ye, it's not that serious. it's not cudi's fault that he thinks rappers these days are basic 4 the money smh
ha ha ha cut and paste..... ok.... i believe you now...
it's from the list need article... but whatever
how are all my lovelies doing? :)
doin better , and if you're good than i am as well
deus ex: mankind divided might be my goty. pretty much everything i could have wanted, realistically speaking
started it this weekend and loving it so far. going for a non lethal run
how is this a good idea? why do you need three minutes with no hands?
angry birds?
"i want you to know that i see you, and i'm with you." -hillary to the latino community at
- i'm with you too hrc. we're going to beat that small fingered vulgarian on november 8th. orale!
you and me and
i just want rafe to sock aiden...just once!!!! and i'm not usually a violent person lol but he deserves it!
someone bought the highest penthouse in the world and decorated it like a holiday inn
as my grandmother always said, "money can't buy you taste."
what's the times story that trump wants to sue over?
don't know, and i've been watching. he got his dick in a knot with modo, but what she did i do not know. probably the "lie" story.
omg i hit 2000 followers yay! what surprise should i do?
squirting vid :)
ugh i saw it the other day and can't find it. stupid internet.
it was not closer i was wrong i'm sry
this shit go harrrrrrd. relevant af
there's more coming too. just keep getting better and better
i watched the long one 20 times at least pheromones kicking in and boob rubs.
lol its cute
she might think he won't look at her the same way after her illness.
maybe. but since it was changed to ptsd it might not be as big of an issue.
so you are being sarcastic
no; i am serious that can't be taken seriously in the 21st century. lol
he better play as good as he did over there, cause my body is ready
bro my snaps check em. like bruh i was done. and the double patron shots murdered me
best defense in the country
they're not the worst.
is looking sexy for and
sexy pic :)
how cute would i look with blue contact lenses?
amazing eyes as they are now. no doubt a fun diversion, sometimes.
double down the line or in the gap, please almonte.
rajai is going to steal on the 2nd pitch
why no hbo then? i'm 56 - i will never cut the cord. i want more cords in fact?
it just never seem worth it to me at 1495 a month or whatever
they were both very bad that day. sam threatened to sign over his nipple. i said "no way!"
they were so funny. i'm tearing up laughing just remembering. they were a blast
he was mad sweaty right ? lmfao
lmaoooo i ain't get to catch all of that too lit to function
and a vote for stein/baraka is a vote for the future!
no if you are not smart enough to understand there is no chance they can win &amp; that they u r electing trump wake up your ignorance
huge hockey news! my 12-year-old son alex just scored his 1st goal of the season for york mills. and i missed it!
while you party at the wch..shame on you dad! haha. don't worry, you'll make up for it. he will have more greatness to witness!
i try not to say anything too controversial here, but i think i can safely say this election is real real depressing without issue.
i can only speak for myself when i say i'm at about "panic &amp; loot the stores for instant mashed potatoes &amp; weapons" myself
welp. tuesday's game just got a whole lot bigger. vs.
can team usa replace the coach mid tournament?
worticeefdrf
should've known this was from ig lool ig navy something else
the only thing putting me off from going to america soon is the drinking age limit. 21 is far too high.
you think we actually wait?
responsibility for what? i've apparently lost the thread
big deal that hillary wasn't responsible for the "birther movement"+big deal democrats pushed it 1st
"if i was 18 again i'd do cs focusing on cryptocurrency, ai/ml, or biotech. if i was 22 i'd join a breakout startup" -
reid hoffman may have just jumped the shark: "we're likely to create a new homo genus."
hey squidward. hey squidward. hey squidward. hey squidward. hey squidward. hey squidward.
i'm spongebob and you're squidward in this pic
look bud, i wipe my ass with people who sell me better bs than you. your faa hissy fit is very entertaining!
i your the one having a hissy fit cupcake. some tweeting at me if you aren't going to bother to read.
tonight! performing at with ~ doors 8pm ~ $20 ~
do you do online promotion for artist?
hamstring aftermath
put your pants back on
oh, i get it. steps with your new fitbit! good luck. i feel so much better when i walk.
yup. now that i can breathe freely i'm happy to get back to exercising
and that bitch didn't even say 'thank you!'
i just love her pulling out her compact at the end!!
what stopped city from levying huge fines against previous owner? that money could partially go to displaced tenants.
why partially? why not all? separate fees to the city. what stopped it from working that way? no law makes it works that way.
dustin byfuglien, healthy scratch.
how many players on team usa scored more goals than palmieri last season? 2? pavelski and kaner?
she might think he won't look at her the same way after her illness.
i could see her feeling ashamed of herself for walking out on him and thomas.
our baby cola turned 12 years old yesterday!
miss that face. and yours. good luck this week!
reid hoffman may have just jumped the shark: "we're likely to create a new homo genus."
"to make products you need a deep sense of human nature. i invest in one or more of 7 deadly sins." - at
nyc drinking. not sure if that's an official thing, but i'm doing it right now, so it's a thing.
but you're not here
yes indeed!
damn, daniel! i was sitting right here.. still am. thought you were your own doppel
and even if that were true (it's not), they would still do more good for this country than trump/clinton.
they can't win * you are voting for the crazy man who will destroy our country. wake up you are a shameless selfish pesron
oh the behalf of team villy, we would like to wish billy miller a happy &amp; blessed birthday!
happy birthday, billy &lt;3
should of walked
it's getting to that point, man. i have to leave for speakeasy the same time i left for san leandro.
my friends did call it the butt store.
i wonder how many advantages in life a name like that brings
30. very high foot into the face of harrison right on halfway. credit to harrison who doesn't complain, just carries on.
i liked that too. good guy.
clinton is at like 42%. obama won 51%. so yes, she's underperforming him in almost every voting group.
apples to apples, both she and jabba the trump are 2 points below and romney at this point in 2012
either decompress alone or move as well
thanks, i appreciate that you take the time to answer your followers...
so how exactly did donald trump build his own bank account? on the backs of american taxpayers:
. this serves to illustrate how little your know about real estate but you do get giving ambassadorships &amp; favors for donors$
at least didn't tweet a picture of his nutsack like that other guy once did to a female supporter.
you forgot "...yet"
i will vote hillary as my vote is an anti trump vote. i don't like her. never have.
me,too. it turns my stomach the vote for a crook,but trump is so erratic he can't be for real. how did he get there
get him while his style is hot
ahahahhaa very funny
prof. amro hamdoun relays the disproportionate global impact of on marine science
amro emphasizes 's incredible interdisciplinary work &amp; local influence while name-dropping
we are active supporters of shelters here. how you raise an animal is what matters. enough love &amp; any animal is living
absolutely. i got my kitty ghost from a neighbor that works at local aspca
double down the line or in the gap, please almonte.
what did i tell you!!
get him while his style is hot
my style is always hot
my piece today in the new york times magazine on what it's like to be a republican in today's .
does that mean you will vote hillary? or gary? or not vote at all? or non of my business? .
germans rally against planned eu trade deals with us, canada
also had inquired w/ high-end furniture store why they could not trade w/ eu nations on furniture? prefer eu furniture in home.
dispossession and the environment | books | columbia university press on
thanks for the tweet!
you can only be in denial about being middle-aged until you need bifocals. then the jig is up.
i've always worn glasses so the denial continues
a vote 4 trump is = same; a vote 4 clinton = worse; a vote 4 =
you are voting 4 trump &amp; i am not going to forgive you or let you complain if he wins. i have added your name to the list
loved you in , loved you in today. what can i love you in next?
ask me again in a month or two.
what stopped city from levying huge fines against previous owner? that money could partially go to displaced tenants.
a common ploy. landlords knowingly let people live in non-residential space, when rents go up, they snitch on themselves.
on barry goldwater/ phyllis schlafly:"in your heart you know he's right." lbj countered:"in your guts you know he's nuts."
. and 48 years later, we are all saying lbjs line about this gop candidate.
flames me and cuffs my former researcher on same day. birth of a new conspiracy theory?
perhaps this will give you some clarity.
when lord zedd passed his powers to me
this is so awesome
and last to be patched in as a son!
only complaint i hve abt to got the cut but we nver got2c you ride as a tht &amp; dies
never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama.
robert gates, another lying liberal loser, did only damage to the usa! what hitlary promise you, a blow job!
that dirty heat. rt : every time i enter this damn train station my scalp starts itching
shit crazy, i hopped on destiny yesterday, they already prepared for the new shit next week
germans rally against planned eu trade deals with us, canada
the skills, for instance, of seu nations are very high for some of these goods.
apples to apples, both she and jabba the trump are 2 points below and romney at this point in 2012
more than that if you're using the 4 way polls
we exchanged numbers and he rode the train with me so we could trade books. he's an amazing artist.
this is him
my motivation to cut more weight and define my abs is strictly the fact that and i are going as archer and lana for halloween
or you can do the season when they have the baby and be the family you're meant to be...
'political language... is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind.'
i love orwell's writings so much. it still amazes me just how prescient he was.
very disturbing breaking news in : 4 poison gas bombs launched by saudi jets on farms near capital sanaa
isn't un a whore house? they occupied haiti
or, you know, just leave people alone when they're obviously working.
yeah, but if the obvious were obvious we wouldn't have these problems. ;)
helio to simon about qualies as leaving the presser: "make a mistake, frenchman! make a mistake!"
that would make me so happy if that happened tomorrow.
how tf lmaoooooooooo how r you gonna say im yours and then tweet this
i can't have more than 1 corn muffin
he pulled over and freestyled for a full 7 minutes.
he showed up in a yu gi oh short sleeve button down
happy birthday paul!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks eric!
kind of funny how the shows i do here draw over 1000 yet the ones he does do 100. you're a clown.
how sabu even still has fans fighting and supporting him blows my mind ! lol
christian took the aux cord and he's watching a fuckin gamer dude youtube video and that's what i'm listening to while driving (:
me when my bf puts car videos i'm just like
you know me to well
friends for a reason
yeah, i thought that...and then george w won. i will never vote 3rd party to make a point again.
thanks. it is scary that so many people are so naive in voting 3rd party this time aroudn,. happens once we learn
really just wanna give up
you can't. what am i supposed to do without you
microsoft sms relay preview - thurrott reviews a build 14926 feature in skype that makes it like google hangouts.
i hope that didn't come off as snarky. the more competition the merrier. also, i don't know if people know hangouts does google voice sms.
more than that if you're using the 4 way polls
but then it wouldn't be apples and apples... but i take your point
preserving the "historic character" of van ness &amp; its streetlamps over bus rapid transit (after 15+ yrs of study)
all to oppose a bus. it's not like they're building a highway through downtown
i had to google "symmetrical itching."
i dunno if that's an actual term but it's weird to be itchy on the exact same place on either side of your body!
kudos to for hammering the media on this:
yes he is the only one
and people wonder why uber was invented in san francisco....
sounds a lot like the way fauxgressive double crossed transit advocates, killed brt on telegraph.
great to see you -congrats on an incredible event
great to see you too!! huge thanks for all your continued support!!
trump's list of provable lies. w/
you didn't stop her- she didn't answer your question - you let her switch to clinton that was bush league or
i'm serious soon u bout to see everyone copy you and then ppl will get tired of seeing it
nah i mean maybe but theres so many techniques involved and im changing it around a decent amount every once in a while
tell allison i got the sherm
are u okay? i'm worried for u
heard yesterday from a patient: "smoking helps my copd"
hey, we're all different?
yup, cant have honest up front cleanly played events cause they are after the $$$ only, not integrity
as soon as networks began getting in bed with conferences, any remaining integrity went out of the window.
i wrestled with the decision i admit. fortunately i'm here a week and can always get more
how much are they charging per lb there?
i wonder how many advantages in life a name like that brings
funny thread on that
how is this guy considered a candidate for president? to represent america abroad? .
it's sad n so scary lol
when i swing high i get real motion sick lol;;;
my hips were hurting lol &gt;_&gt;;; got reminded me of one of my fave theme park rides.. celebration swings! haven't been in years
because left to santa cruz &amp; i am going to miss him dearly! best of luck out there
ugh this is one of my favorite pictures :3
geo, just no. why did you bring this into our home?
it's pretty nice, tho i prefer big bold red xd
you'd definitely make a hot pink ranger for sure, but how'd we go from , to to ? lol
easy. donatella versace is hanging out with gigi hadid and zayn. perfect segway to ninja turtles. donatello.
.: the 2016 race "has everything. it has russian hackers, white supremacists, fainting candidates..."
she did not faint.
y'all wanna know a song that makes a bitch cry?
cry by rihanna
75ft -- my guess of how far you'll get before one falls out lol
nah, see, i have really tight ear canals
take me to workout with you !!!! you look
yes love , whenever you want to.
omg! he blocked you? hahahahahaha what a coward.
4 years ago!
: random follower with the correct answer wins a signed baseball by that player. (you can only answer once)
still waiting on my prize from april /:
what i learned in media today: 1-russians hacking the rnc makes russian hacking more important. 2-trump scandals amuse the press &lt; pneumonia
thus is the second time he did this, why does he get away with thiss
im weak true, watch ye make a song and add a hook about cudder's
weak. i love scott. i can tell it's him immediately just by his fucking hum, it gets me happy as soon as i hear it
who the fuck even watched this one
this is the romance of the three kingdoms one. apparently it's genuinely cute and good.
does that new two-finger icon in imessage look like a testicle self-exam or is that just me
i don't know, i haven't seen a picture of you.
when you get the invite to 3 nyu parties and you in the bx for the weekend &lt;
it be like that
just saw this! bedford hill at greene &amp; franklin
cool. see you soon.
geeked tf out to dropping a edit last night
wow thank you for sharing this. finished season 1 today, so good
interesting, i wonder if he got cleared at the last minute. you'd think if he has pads on and everything there is a chance.
i'd absolutely think there's a chance. wouldn't surprise me either.
also the fact that chad is letting andre get so close could make her not trust him.
he's not getting that close. it's not like chad's letting him bond with thomas or anything.
is this movie about you?!
lol where did you find that!
i can't have any muffins so
well ur a corn.. my corn.. my lovely corn.
i don't even say nothin no moe
yo peep chizle out if u real about it! he showed my son luv at summerfesto! much respect chizle!
you can totes buy in bulk for yourself. i do it!
i'm always afraid of things going bad tho like fruits and veggies idk
a public disavowal of pepe will come as soon as trump is opening a new property.
and when he receives excessive accolades from some prominent group no one wants to mess around
yes he is. looking forward to malik mcdowell going up against them
by far my top tackle. him and feeney are my top offensive lineman overall
yeah i dunno this brewery is vaguely car / garage themed
you should go back there all done up like a 50's mechanic and just take over the place
typical libtard: does not know the difference between legal and illegal immigrant.
our fathers tis of thee,land of liberty,let freedom ring.know the difference,we are a land of immigrants
didn't even cross my mind, to be honest. i'll getchu next year, boo.
sounds good. my 4th league is probably a 1 shot too, i did it as a favor to a friend.. i don't usually like to go above that
great poll florida - thank you!
asshole it won't last long, you lied, you owe his children an sorry, if you dont, your no man
trump got nearly a billion in tax breaks and subsidies for his businesses
if we subtract the subsidies us he still a billionaire?
former fed economist worries public will conclude that capitalism is just socialism for the rich via
socialism for the rich
i would alter slightly: patients are experts regarding their desires and preferences about , yes?
patients are experts of their own body, symptoms &amp; how life affects them.
catch us in philly tomorrow night! we'll be at the tusk at the wholly mammoth bar at 9:30. make...
catch in philly tonight! the tusk at the woolly mammoth bar at 9:30
that's not even expensive.
$200 dollar dates, rent, food &amp; 1,000 more miscellaneous shit.....must be nice u got it
i wrote my first review.
wonderful review. and as for the indoor space, they're trying, but there will always be too many people.
sarmy- does that mean iraqi security forces? doubt saa would be commenting about iraqi event, as per vid
yes 2 totally separate events some sources purposely/mistaking claimed were same.
i'm here too but nicks pictures are so good i'll just retweet
both of you are in my town? whaa?
also the fact that chad is letting andre get so close could make her not trust him.
i think that chad is still very suspicious of him.
stop tryna "tower" over me
sorry i just thought you were the "bomb"
queen of guac 23 avocados later. can't wait to watch everyone inhale it at my party!
update: the 10 lbs of my guac and the oversized bottle of vodka both disappeared within the first hour of the party.
btw, i sold out of the lil diana posters at . and folks loved the stickers. that's a good sign.
because she's adorable!
trump's list of provable lies. w/
yo next time try asking her why she hates she worked for nom &amp; cruz- that was pathetic.
exactly the phone is water resistant not waterproof
im sure we'll be able to do that with the next upgrade.. i'll try it next year lol
kinda hard to bag with another girl in ur avi
tru id be intimidated if i saw my face in your pic
your name is going mainstream!
the kriger had only seen one caleb in his classroom (out of 5,000 total students in all his years of teaching.
i get it. i've had it since the late 70's. can't break-up now. watch the instead.
watching notre dame
so happy to have met these wonderful basketball players thanks for the pics
that's so awesome!
police arrest a suspect who was with a 13-year-old ohio boy shortly before teen was fatally shot by officer.
shouldn't they be arresting the officer that killed the 13-year boy? disgraceful.
. of named his - . like/rt to vote for them to receive $5k.
thank you for your support!
oh i thought maybe you were. you are just good at scoping out info and pics! ha
yeah im in ny and thanks ha
the of soldiers in is a bloody war crime
when this one?
some think gravity is a lockheed conspiracy propagated by the british royal family and the lizard people for nasa.
and those are saner members of the asylum, most flatties are even crazier than that!
. on hillary clinton's two sides
you never went to work sick?
in a battle between &amp; who's side would you take?
wait what? i though they were besties
what is tht
national novel writing month - write a novel in a month!
turns out mct can go well beyond mars, so will need a new name...
how will it be used then? why not stay in scope and just take more stuff on one rocket?
hey you saw a kid lost in new york and didn't tell an adult. how can we trust you to be president?
omg it's a movie!
i saw a commercial for you film festival on the hulu app the monster channel!
ahahah yes! they made that for us. it makes me giggle.
long before many arizonans knew the significance of the words 'glass ceiling,' rose mofford was shattering it.
sorry for the loss
about to go see ! so excited!
happy crying!!
cam robinson is up there. i'm one of the biggest mcglinchey fans out there.
i was big on mcdermott, but he struggled with garrett
have you ever ridden a vertical style mouse coaster???
i've been on the ones in italy and china.
"if you don't see a path to get to $100m revenue and then grow beyond, hard to persist as standalone tech co." -
"great founders don't give up too early. 'fail fast' has undermined some good ideas." -
the way this administration has handled the syrian situation has been amateur at best
this admin did not take isis n syria serious from d beginning there lead from behind attitude has consequences around d world
than k you abanskdns
i did another
maureen dowd is a brilliant writer, and i'm sure this is a brilliant book.
attractive couple.
"rainbow + sunshine" after the storm - boys and girls let's sing .
nicepic!! pirate festival today on long island! cheers boys!!
my family is having a "family picture day" and nobody told me to come home.. ok ok
and they all wonder why i left ??
i thought everyone liked tony mazur?
they do. some just have odd ways of showing it.
lol where did you find that!
it was streaming on my flight coming back to from
i was a vegan for like an hour
then i got my $4.50 plate of beef &amp; rice
caitlin's response "i didn't get it hard and shove it in there"
i'll give her credit. i don't even know what to say to that
work-friendly . play twenty-three radio on .
i love how apple music turns the hangul characters in songs into romanized syllables, instead of unicode numbers or something like that.
and none of them squat below parallel.
last time i went in a commercial gym i had a 160lb physiqu model tell me not to hit depth cause"time under tension"..i left
you forgot "...yet"
i hope he doesn't send one of his tinder selfies to me too.
i don't know what's going on.
worldwide sadness at your resident address still not being nyc !
alhamdulilah u know your self i don't need to remind you
abeer you're being very racist in this thread. i need a safe space from you
"to make products you need a deep sense of human nature. i invest in one or more of 7 deadly sins." - at
"great founders don't give up too early. 'fail fast' has undermined some good ideas." -
the best part of this is his blatantly racist assumption that black men were trying to murder him. to prove he's a victim of racism
ugh. the use of 'lynch' there too.
trump's list of provable lies. w/
she is as slimy as trump and you let her just talk &amp; ta;lk . that was as thoughtful as matt l.
you must be blind
lmfao nah, but you are. everyone sees it. quit while you're ahead.
where is this
mini golf at pier 25 right on the water. tiny, cheap, highly recommended.
'the price is right': celebrating 45 years of 'joyous energy'
i can't believe it's that long ago!!! my grandmother was on that show in 1996!
didn't even cross my mind, to be honest. i'll getchu next year, boo.
i know you're basically spoken for but the east coast is filled with fit, beautiful women. ive seen more in the 7-10 range than 2-6
until hcps address/treat chronic pain epidemic instead medias opioid agenda- patients will continue to be lost in the shuffle &amp; stigma
agreed! many patients looking for pain relief have been underdx or misdx and would rather not meds.
i'm sorry for your loss
i appreciate it services will be held this week
sarmy- does that mean iraqi security forces? doubt saa would be commenting about iraqi event, as per vid
it's possible that the story about isil hitting northern aleppo w/cw today is why
taking a step back and boggling at the commitment to here in the ecosoc chamber in the un headquarters in ny. how far we have come
. the footage from the ecosoc is now available
3 diff stations within 3 miles of me
our should consider using some of our reserves. but he won't. smh.
life is ruff
i look cute today tho
oh. i know . trust.
biblically?
do you happen to have another link for this? i would like to donate but the link doesn't seem to work &amp; failed to find :/
it worked the other day and i can't seem to find another! shame.
heading to colorado for a big rally. massive crowd, great people! will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
you are shit on a stick, and your fans love to eat you.
a trump empire built on inside connections and $885 million in tax breaks
trump boasts about squeezing government and taxpayers for the last dime. lester?
if 's went back to school, he'd focus on: 1/ crypto, blockchain, distributed systems 2/ ai&amp;ml 3/ bio&amp;cs
interesting block chain is ahead of ai and ml. why is that marc?
when working class people like alan johnson fulfil their potential far left idiots accuse them of class betrayal
unlike who's doing his middle class damnedest to keep tories in power forever
awesome!! great turnout!
for sure! sadly i had to miss it, but i caught up with them later that night!
sure that's probably true. difference is they are not running for president.
true, but this is clearly an accepted practice. if we don't find it acceptable then we need to shut it down.
thanks to recore... i just hit 100,000 gamerscore
congrats bud
wish i was there!
me too. bill is sympathizing for ex-husband shenanigans
how about this; any candidate with a foundation that has a hint of corruption should be disqualified
so trump should be disqualified?
i just love her pulling out her compact at the end!!
is the a britney 'circus' compact. did that even exist?
i'll never understand why people come to work an hour early and just sit in the break room. like don't you have better things to do??
yet i was proud of myself for only being 2 minutes late to work today
oh i'm weak. i had a whole different scenario in my head
yea i just sounded like the biggest slut ever i hate myself
"great founders don't give up too early. 'fail fast' has undermined some good ideas." -
. gets 30-50 unsolicited pitch decks by email per day, has never funded any.
4th paragraph "inglewood stadium being constructed" gee you or sam farmer
"while irs being constructed" is not the same thing as " is being construted" or will be constructed" learn english
most texts i've gotten at the same time
aw my name was the best tbh
happiest birthday ate ! thank you for being our ate sa fandom. god bless po. ingat always.
ur welcome n thank you din
it was streaming on my flight coming back to from
shoot. i will find it on the way to dc ;)
"samsung note 7 needs to be turned off and cannot be charged for the entire flight." great and assuring note to leave this country on.
sounds like something you'd read in the second paragraph of an accident report...
sure, there are assholes everywhere, but why do most of them have to be on bikes?
i thought most of them were on phones.
most of the folks who've adopted the "deplorable" moniker on twitter actually seem pretty deplorable.
self-awareness not their strong point.
it's so chilly out here
i've never been this cold.
that doesn't matter, they said it was ptsd before. if she wrote that letter, she said she knew
i'm not convinced that she wrote that letter. at least not of her own free will.
tell me again why i accepted a position as a high school math teacher when i lw have no idea what i'm doing?!?!?!?!
guys it's fine i just convinced my fave math professor to be my mentor
it's time for the twittamix on ! get your requests in for &amp; now!
could you please play any pitbull song on ? thanks :)
yes it is lol
now i'm really nervous about ever having sex ever again
nite all friends &amp; new friends i need 2 get off 2 the land of nod..i had to add this little baby
uh, that's a fetus guys
note to self: add to wishlist.
damn! i knew that the fashions of the 70s would eventually come back.
i think the end was elliot dreaming. tyrell was not himself at all.
are you sure he isn't himself tyrell? over the past couple of episodes i started thinking that. so confused
thanks for the time .. this sit down has been sponsored by azzurros. free pizza all day tomorrow go check it out !!
thank you and free pizza if scores 3 goals and if i score as well
psa everybody prep your 72 hour kits because this teva/ugg collab can only be a sign of the apocalypse
you should get them
great, have fun, hope there is beer involved.
i'm a red wine girl
is there anything that sucks more than arriving too early at jfk? i don't think so
st least there's a there!
report: trump has received $885m in tax breaks for his new york real estate empire
show proof. don't believe it unless u see proof
senior admin official: us relayed regret for "unintentional loss of life of syrian forces"
heaven forbid we should regret anything, huh? why aren't you covering the unsc meeting and the statement by our ambassador?
wtf is going on with brown, my fight pass isn't working so i'm just watching fight metric
not looking good
fmk techninja/diehard ultra corny rick fanboy/a classic hypebeast
those could all be the same person tho
b/w control or burn?
board! is that dumb?
embarrassing @ how bad my engagement is
i blame the users of twitter dot com, not your content
how nervous are you for this game?
i'd be less nervous if the referees weren't apparently blind
love that ballpark
i can't get over how big it is. gotta be fun for a playoff game to pack in a huge crowd.
black ____ control is the first one? what's the clipboard for?
it was supposed to be a board
jay z calls the war on drugs an "epic fail" that targets black americans
from an intellectual shining star
which one's you?
the middle one
this admin did not take isis n syria serious from d beginning there lead from behind attitude has consequences around d world
this admin lead from behind attitude has allowed power hungary people like putin back on d scene when he was dead n buried
wild sail from to willsboro bay marina in 20-30 knots and major seas.
brave sailors! sbd earned her sea legs 4sure. good thing we had full moon + following seas!
put in our 30 days at our shitty apartment ran by shitty people. one step closer to puerto rico
thats fuckin tight b
welcome to my film festival, the jack o'connell plays beleaguered wartime soldier in a period film film festival
ugh i am so gay for period films !!!!!!!
please check out the link provided by
trump live from colorado 9:30 pm et
a volunteer staffer? i fail to see your point; also anyone who thinks someone gets elected w/o citizenship is nuts anyway
is there a problem with my graphic? it explains staffer was just how it started. dems for mccain picked it up from there.
so after making up a holding call on a kick return touchdown, refs--staring down the intended receiver-- just chose to not call blatant dpi
i'm not saying these games are fixed, just the the refs or their bosses have a lot of money on the game
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
the "failing" nyt has been a great paper since the 1850's and will still be when your smell finally fades from our noses.
my winners at the vendys: rookie: dessert: market: vendy:
more pics. from
they are...
best part of the day? soaking up the amazing work in s classroom! i'm still blown away!
"you start to understand suicide when your pain is not treated," says . "i want the stigma to be reduced."
pt exp could help. but then again the experts know best. stigma does need reduction.
this--&gt;con job: how democrats gave us crime, sanctuary cities, abortion profiteering...
those that trust cnn. wil believe it
morning project was setting up unifi aps in the house. so far they're dramatically better than the asus rt66 or whatever
interesting -- was just spec'ing those vs aruba 205s for my new office... any advice?
my dude, you dk the struggle till you forget your solid gold socks in your north korean penthouse. emma will tell you
yeah amanjot was so upset last time he did that
about you watch
...right across the us border... wake up, washington dc...
congrats, jim! remember, one hand for the napkin and one hand holding the chair for dear life!
almost died tonight not holding on with two hands
outstanding win - uncharted territory for the players and the club who are now 3 rounds further than ever
what was the attendance olly ?
highlighter porn
talk about having a good highlighter
raccoon tried to steal our shit while we in the water
where's the coon?
i won a bonus round at trivia this week by correctly answering that taco bell won the franchise wars in demolition man
now all restaurants are taco bell.
i will use this as a reminder to try eat a meal pre-jack lol ty
it wise. i'm on dat dumpling tip rn
rapper coolio arrested at lax after police found a stolen, loaded gun in his carry-on bag
what a genius
will he even win the friggin fight?
brown by sub
unfortunately my little brother is a better poet than me
am i allowed to quote "technology is an octopuss"? nurture him!
donald trump "is so low that he's subterranean," writes for
here's one - trump is so low, he can walk under a snake's belly with a top hat on.
he is likely asleep! it is about 2 am in scotland
sleep retweeting about 5 min ago. maybe he'll see it in the morning
happy i saw this tweet. i gave up on the game 15 minutes ago ha
haha, i about changed the channel after the pick 6. i'm pulling for your buckeyes to win by 50.
did you just hear samantha power? after her 'apology' she tried to blame .
today? no right? i have not seen anything today. i am hoping for the cease fire
my how things have changed. according to this will be the 2nd year in a row utah won't wear 1 uni combo twice in a year
*3rd straight year
in the travel supplement of the an article on my city ! occasion : the serie : "marseille". visit it!
it is a very good one! european version of the
super fun to hang with you for a bit :)
holla, c u in a bit! go hard
soo big ten refs...how would you define pass interference then, if not that?
they only call it with they get decapitated
at pepe's for my birthday with the family. great way to end a very good day !
happy birthday coach!!!
at pepe's for my birthday with the family. great way to end a very good day !
happy birthday coach
literally almost everyone said the same thing. lol
easily my favorite take on the concept, like i like the lil gotham hero designs but i like your more realistic proportions
the crooked clinton's will say anything to to fit their false political narrative. lying is in their blood!
@ if clinton tells you the sun is about to rise in the east, it's probably wise to keep one eye on the west!
is ur fave color green - like a really light green yes
light blue ftw
even though nobody watches my stupid ghostbusters stuff on youtube, it feels good to have recorded a bunch of episodes ahead of time.
if i can edit these in short order, i'll have about 8 weeks of episodes queued up and ready to go. that's a good feeling
easily my favorite take on the concept, like i like the lil gotham hero designs but i like your more realistic proportions
actually she reminds me a lot of lilo from lilo &amp; stitch, thinking about it
. gets 30-50 unsolicited pitch decks by email per day, has never funded any.
how to raise : come in via referral, know catalyst for you to breakout, be able to have structured discussion.
pajamas on at 7:47pm on a saturday, i am living my best life
this evening brought to you by four roses and the spotify teen party playlist
it's a big page i'll probably do a couple more on it but i'm going to a friend's house
so i'll either finish it tomorrow when i get home or slowly throughout the week bc of homework and stuff
. slams 'wacky' maureen dowd, cnn panel 'losers' | ap photo
everyone is "slamming" everyone get over it!
lets go back to this night
wow love this picture but a mess that i was that night smh
in the uk it feels like a joke! do the us press promote him as a comedy character just to entertain the people?
a total joke!!! lol
i am as well. why is whiterose interested in the watershed? that confuses me as well. i may have missed things
after the prison story i gave up on things having to make 100% logical (v narrative or thematic) sense. they're full david lynch
if i can edit these in short order, i'll have about 8 weeks of episodes queued up and ready to go. that's a good feeling
that said, i really need to come up with more ideas and diversify my content. even i wouldn't watch this much ghostbusters stuff
oh girl i've always been a stan! i just shade for the stans bc i love getting my mentions busted
lmao it's always a easy way to get rts.. bein messy right lol.
oomf could baptize me in their cum.
what is wrong with you?!
i know it's not my fault it's rickie's
smh well next summer you better come out here at least a weekend
is it the stoic?
no - it's just remembering everything! the last time i took chem was my sophomore year, so i forgot a lot of stuff!!!!
and how dare anyone in pain not look sick!
everyone handles pain different.
a good showing by (like winning the millennial vote) is an important step to changing the 2-party system.
i don't feel any candidate is 100% what i want, but johnson is a much higher percentage than djt + hrc combined.
the love isn't mutual
i'm still following
| that's funny. my wife is
sorry if i scared u! my fierce was reserved for .
is it just me or would a 3 way match with be something?
suplexes galore!!!!
welcome to jamrock
montano ziggy'd hen he should have zagged!
yeah but i know who can, but i can't find sean or birt
did you look in a psychiatric facility? many flatties can be found there. birt and sean might be found there.
never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama.
you have the verbal sophistication of a half-smart eleven year old. so sad.
here's a groovy tile wall mural in honor of my dad's b'day. he'd have been 79. happy b'day groovy glover.
you were in plattsvegas and didn't call me???
anti-cop note found at scene of deadly philly rampage; gunman identified via the app
where's kaepernick?
in the old world, rich people made others work hard. in the new world, rich people work hard. work is becoming a privilege.
sums up so many of the leaders i work with every day, such a contrast to hundreds of years ago; earn more work more...
you like your nose better than me, am i supposed to be offended?!?
omg stop no you don't count bb
and my gladiolas just started blooming. i planted them the end of june.
wish we had pink ones here, only seen red, yellow, white ones sold.
okayyyyy so i hid a random ninja turtle in this week's video!!! screenshot it and send it to me! i'll follow some of you
sneaky but i see it
it's night at the game!
never saw star trek and baseball come together. long live both.
7 day forecast: some showers tomorrow and monday, then, sunny skies. warm.
brighton beach 9am-3pm sunday ?
we are not going to let that happen much longer americans first!
bho pushing congress to approve. 110k arriving oct 1st
nothing could ever separate us babe
not even 4k miles
photoshop yourself with piercings in your nipples
i'm not dillon the hacker
i'm reliable
and consistent!
facts my son got bad luck for violating everyone
you seen when he got beat up ?
hey tweeps - i finished reading and - any business or history you suggest?
these two books are both
i will be back through ny in december (week of 12th) - hoping i can be involved in something then!
is going strong and probably will still be then. also anti-fur stuff. ugh asshole season.
i won't lie, this batch turned out really good. experimenting with with freezing and shipping them.
they look like delicious lil yum burgers
i'm with it
i think you're my favorite human being.
seeing sully again because i love myself
spoiler alert: he lands the plane
this is i pray shes not a white mom who adopted coc cause those officers might traumatize/kill them.
...maybe your part of the coast is "fresh" bcuz mine aint...sfbay...
ok update my sister scooped me and we going only bc she said we can go for dinner later, also beer.
ok i'm at red lobster in long island and they're making me wait for a table. i don't even like red lobster
breakup starter kit: west wing bourbon cheese unfairly redirecting your emotions towards anyone who puts a foot wrong on social media
*treads carefully*
this admin lead from behind attitude has allowed power hungary people like putin back on d scene when he was dead n buried
because d us did not lead when line was crossed allowed putin to play propaganda games like this
(not a fan of this "coming out" thing they're playing with though)
is this your first time?
sadly, it was just a little window before people figured out that it was actually worth going way the hell out into red hook.
even brooklyn crab is overflowing, and that place is always disappoints me.
yikes! that's news to me, this is running the latest update. does it do anything before crashing? sorry for the trouble
uninstall/reinstall worked but i think i lost all my previous count steps.
it's not my fault that you look so cute when you're sleeping.
this is true &amp; so do you
stop making excuses, do your job, defend democracy.
if you knew anything about me, you'd know i do my job. your tweets look good in general. keep it up!
special report: this video could bring hillary down via
maybe she is "the whore of babylon"
still spinning on my sc3 indoor trainer after 3 full movies. ...
when you indoor spin that duration, what power output do you target?
coolio arrested at lax with loaded, stolen gun, police say
his expression and the news caption together are priceless.
oomf is mutuals with e v e r y single super hot guy on tinder. gotta start hanging out withchu more.
is it who i think it is?
i love seattle. gorgeous place.
go to the top of the super tall office building. they have a nice beer bar with views in all directions. breathtaking.
like good little sheep. high school team &amp; coaches kneel in protest ahead of game in .
...all you see is a "marching band in drill formation"..not that at all, sis
i was gone almost 4 days
ight so i thought right lol, what's the proper title to call you?
looks like a great day...hope that you have a great time :) cheers from mike and connie
thanks see you in a month my friend
yes!! i'm really enjoying it so far!
are you going to watch the whole season tonight or spread it out?
doing something way out of my comfort zone tonight &amp; procrastinating by tweeting bc i'm scared.
do the thing! you can do it!!!
if you're wondering why trump has gone nuclear on dowd, watch for the astonishing disclosure at the end of this clip
what's astonishing is that donald used the word frisson. or did she make that up?
or maybe i'm tired of being a loser who talks about shit nobody outside this app cares about! stop being a loser
i'm haven't said shit about the charts... you can check my timeline...
that ref was sooooo bad
he blew my cock
think his game is still kinda clunky relative to his athletic gifts. they have to matchmake him at a sage-esque pace.
nick the tooth said he was legit though!
i still don't know. nobody knows.
i thought power bottoms were bottoms who generated the force in anal sex instead of the top?
is that permanent or a subscription?
permanent til it vets patched which honestly prolly won't be a while .. u'll get your $15 worth 10000%
she's treasuring this moment.
tell her i'll expect another funny in a couple years as per the schedule
come watch my live cam show tonight 7pm pst
looking forward later had fun last night watching hot everything
oh: i heard they're bumping the version number of three20 to four20
i see the wine trip is going well then
trump's birthers think he's still a birther. trump's non-birthers think he was never really a birther.
did you ever ask any birthers why mccain and romney were so stupid as to not challenge obama's eligibility?
in case you ever wondered, i'm a pretty middling parallel parker.
that's awesome, you can occasionally get the yah fuck i did it due to low expectations. esp if parallel parking on left side of street.
i really wish had a webhook i could hit and just force another build on a project
it does have an api -
me &amp; my crew.
that is one awesome shirt . the emperor would be most pleased.
i hate the word 'panties'. also 'lingerie' sounds creepy no matter who says it.
my friend used to think it was pronounced linger-eee
writer rushes into burning building to save two finished novels - i know how this guy feels...
this is why i back up my computer automatically with a company for less than $100 a year
just flew 12 hrs to play 90min of music.
hope u flew first class cuz 12 hours is no joke.
ok so is someone going to explain to me how in the fuck do you unlock an iphone properly on ios-whateverthefuckitis?
throw it in the garbage
ohio gov creepy: kasich at obama white house for tpp push meeting
very stupid kasich w/ dead mosquito brain mustbe committedto an insane asylum immediately! crazy!
do you like, incubate all your eggs?
yep! probably my biggest ongoing expense in the game, in real money terms!
lmfaooo yea they violated and jumped him
son hit him wit the running dead arm
hi! miss you in my mailbox. hope all is well in the great state of texas!
let me know if you're ever in austin!!
or if chad's going to have issues with her not coming back sooner ... then there's thomas ...
well if she was held against her will i can't see chad holding that against her.
my favourite combination of word to image. petitesluxures's photo
was gonna say tongue in cheek but like
if race doesn't exist, why can't mixed race ppl find compatible bone marrow donors?
can i get a scientific, peer reviewed article justifying this claim? thx
good job. they're a tough subject to capture.
thanks david. you're so right.
nicole's counting votes and doesn't think she has enough if she goes against paul.
i honesty think she has a better shot against james
you know them?
i have encountered flatties before, so if they are flatties, they are likely psychotic.
today, we learned that we can use the pictures to help us read.
this is just so amazing! may we share your wonderful pics?
nothing tasteful about joe pa. psu people live in a bubble and the world looks down on them
not all psu people. yours is a gross generalization.
how to raise : come in via referral, know catalyst for you to breakout, be able to have structured discussion.
"to achieve credible success in vc, fund needs to return 5x gross." -
agreed. i struggled to get through the first episode of the get down. wasn't that amazing.
it's also south bronx they were forced to have diverse cast lol
why am i working so hard only to have my tax dollars go to this shit?
when one of your fav journalists likes your tweet
part 4 of 4: via
i'm almost positive i was missed or did i check in too late? i never slept last night and i'm still in my office.
this week screens all of fassbinder's "berlin alexanderplatz" in 35mm!
the greatest mini series ever imho
i want this !!
but you ass at football
what is this cutie??
it has a jacket
hey do you represent the columbia street waterfront district? if not, who does?
represents columbia waterfront.
think human hair exhibit at auschwitz. only in a chair. y does family still wants 2 keep it? y would he restore it?
lampshade made from human skin needs burial. human hair collected from slaves, like sheep: chair needs exorcism.
i hated to give up that much in a trade for miller but i must say ...absolutely worth it.
remember hiram you have him for 2 more years. if it was just for this year i would agree with you.
whiterose and phillip are working together for some reason. some elaborate plan over the course of years to establish nwo?
clearly part of it. that's why i think he might be tyrell... playing multiple long games?
they're uppercutting with their anuses?
supposedly. i base this off no actual facts. hahaha
ah, the irony of following a puddle when i hate the "m" word
what's wrong with "mildly"?
fred &amp; george flying out of hogwarts on broomsticks in the middle of a conversation with umbridge is the best thing that happened in 1995.
hahaha i think i literally cheer out loud every time i watch that scene!!
not standing up to honor every fallen soldier who gave their lives for you to be a douche is ignoble
standing for the anthem was never meant to strictly honor soldiers and if you don't want to stand its your right.
4th paragraph "inglewood stadium being constructed" gee you or sam farmer
excavation and demo permits r not the same as construction permits.
i love you too (reagan thinks you're a douche)
good to know
not standing up to honor every fallen soldier who gave their lives for you to be a douche is ignoble
that's what freedom is all about
y'all not??
lookin for bras and shirts are proper difficult
mcdermott is good. who doesn't struggle with garrett? robinson and tunsil the only guys i've seen handle him
that's true. player on my board
right? idiotic dump n chase with full velocity so the only outcome is icing or turnover
i had to go back to 16. and got bored after one game. waiting for tuner/patch.
in 1994, mbius submitted a batman story to dc comics, who quickly rejected it.
i thought y'all would be excited about that batman comic by moebius i shared earlier today.
in-park contest play hide and seek with us! watch our instagram story to participate for a prize!
we can't win this at home ?
why can't whites love their own race? you seem to be anti white are you?
proud american here. don't believe in "race" but in ensuring all americans live freely &amp; can pursue their potential
bryan barberena goes 3-1 in ufc as constant underdog, embarrasses sage northcutt, gets called out, is identified as "fuckin what's his name"
because he never got that nick the tooth seal of approval, that's when you know you're legit
"to achieve credible success in vc, fund needs to return 5x gross." -
"first mover advantages (brand, capital, talent, etc.) go to first to achieve scale, not first to enter." -
so are y'all done whining about that miller trade now?
anyone that whined about the miller trade ever is outright stupid!
wonder how many times barney has posed as a telephone repairman?
i've lost count.
more precisely, the lies candidates always tell in primaries have lasting damage with immature voters.
they won't show up to the polls come election day.
same man. well i can just hop a flight. but i really need to go back.
but bout to do some more traveling soon
i am. well, i was. it just ended. loved the show when i was a kid. now i watch with my brother once in a while.
that's always been one of my favorite shows.
my episode of "a football life" tonight at 9pm on nfl network.
it was great. thanks for sharing the details of your life. it was inspirational and real.
he's fucking coming i will square tf up at the rail
let's see was good, i'm in brooklyn rn but heading back in a couple hours. when i see you, ya better throw them hands abx
3:07 left in the game. lehigh up 49-28.
o the same great. d complete turnaround.
this is the second week in a row that the ohio state game is delayed. why is life so cruel?
for the lols
maybe we were hungry and wanted cakes ok
he is a billionaire and could have bought them!
best hands of all time , but i want that in basketball
drunk, you know who got the best hands and yeah i gotcha
you can dislike dowd, cnn or gates and still acknowledge this is insane behavior for a person running for president.
i think you meant, "for a person."
i'm wearing all black because my funeral was last night
this is probably the best thing i've ever tweeted
anyone ever watch viva la bam
frickin awesome show
ya motivate me
it only takes reuniting with me to get you where you need to be, daaaalin i got your back
never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama.
true. he seems to trash everybody and takes no responsibility for his own contribution. typical pol
it says "add a line to your favorites", takes you to maps search, and gives you no clue how to do that. :(
oh i meant the 3rd party app called transit
i miss 2000-2010 reality tv so much. like so much.
which shows?
a new law in pa allowing drivers to go through a red light--under certain conditions--goes into effect tomorrow.
i'd be tempted to take major liberties with this law!
lol the ice cream truck in my neighborhood plays fr elise
cars in india play that when they're in reverse
omg you crushed it congrats!!!
hell yah!! that's awesome !!
you know, i'm not the biggest fan of taptic home button but it is ridiculous how good taptic engine 2 is at simulating clicking.
magic trackpad 2, solid state laptop trackpads. people don't believe me when i say it's all a haptic trick.
why did i get this???
for bearing with them, learn to read gosh
local 7-11 sign. does it mean that 7-11 won't issue (as gov agent?) food stamps or they wont accept them?
i would say accept them
trump said in 2015 reopening relations w/ cuba "is fine." he told voters tonight he would reverse course if castros don't "meet our demands"
maybe he meant castro convertibles.
with all due respect...willie jackson with the rfd...is a deputy chief.
thank you! we fixed it online and it will be printed correctly in tomorrow's paper.
video: bono: 'the world needs more canadas'
to bad bono has out lived his usefulness
i honesty think she has a better shot against james
plus pauls super obsessive unessecary psychopathic hate for james would leave her to think she has pauls vote
you heard this?
yea. tragic.
went memorial day weekend 2010. a rod hit the pitcher off of a hit. bbref 5/29/10. nice stadium.
ya bet that's a big one
me &amp; my crew.
that is one awesome shirt, .
you might want to familiarize yourself w/ the multi-regional hypothesis, ooa is all but dead.
i'm am. need to run to dinner w/ my black, brown, asian friends. cheers
ya motivate me
it only takes reuniting with me to get you where you need to be daaaalin, i got your back
i love parties. i target a top watch him fuk. start a bromance take him home.. get him high. clean him out. then bitch him out.
damn, that's fucking hot
hamburg is believed to be the world's first city to ban pods:
the has sustainable coffee and pods which are green &amp; can be recycled fog chaser, french roast...
maybe it was a cake emergency
that needed forty? that's four tens!
found an outlast lp that's not making me cringe. the game on the other hand...
what is lp? recommend game?
good god. andrea mitchell segues from kellyanne conway to maureen dowd! jeez
kellyanne conway's husband was paula jones's attorney.
no one seems to care what you think charlie
i do and so do millions. many more than trump supporters. he won't be r president
idk; but i'll show you all the badass food joints in oc once you're here
i'll be there in an hour and a half
everyone's worst nightmare: lizz winstead- press secretary @ the white house
holy cr, we'd watch the hell out of that press conference!
tomorrow i head out for 75 miles of backcountry ending at the highest point in the lower 48, mount whitney.
cool story. but i'm camping closer to palo alto than you ever were
right. exactly. but in some cases that's just not ideal. no user benefit in re-downloading 20gb of files.
that's a shit load of podcast.
i guess i can believe it now! !!
straight up ass kicking
starting 4th tomorrow - second in points
that shot makes the awesome livery pop (please bring it back next year)
blue eyes crying in the rain by hank williams
my vote for saddest ever written is "i'm so lonely i could cry."
"while irs being constructed" is not the same thing as " is being construted" or will be constructed" learn english
it's your quote. do all typos confuse u "while it's being constructed" is not the same as "it is being constructed"
it has now been exactly 288 days... what is she hiding from?
maybe she will do a presser on nov 7
please be more polite, this is turning my stomach. i know you are trying to help
lets not forget i got a wook wet willie at gorge
coming soon: &amp; on set of new project!
going to be epic scene i can't wait so hot chemistry
of course he won't sue, because his tax returns could be exposed in discovery. too bad!
"restraint"
lol no way buddy all of usa twitter will emigrate
that has not been the trend. people keep pouring into this great city of ours
been smoking a blunt and giving away free tickets, i love y'all.
false reality (the growing process) plotting (wisdom &amp; good vibes) &amp; warning (the 702 ep) 702
ofc there will, a map is still 2 home flags and a mid flag... once people learn the maps, i know stalemates will happen
they will happen at times. telling you that right now. this isn't going to be a hammerhead shotgun gametype.
the u.s. halted an airstrike against islamic state after russia said syria forces were hit via
the gang they couldn't shoot right
lets not forget i got a wook wet willie at gorge
not same, but all his friends pointed and laughed and i was spun.
all in for console gaming.
xb1-s, scorpio, windows10. microsoft loves gaming
this sucks. a guy on a quad just went 80 down my street and killed my cat. he just looked at us and took off.
wow that's fucked up man!!!
topic of the day, discuss: except for public apis, usage of is stupid. clean code assume non nullability. is otherwise ok
if you have the luxury of a new or already clean code base
can't wait to never drink again
can't wait to hangout and drink
seriously??? that's the best usa can give??? defending champs if u look at it literally. that's a joke!! europe embarrassed us. wake up!!!
why was the usa's third highest scorer a healthy scratch? why was big buff a healthy scratch?
i wanted her to be a young brown girl and racially ambiguous.
definitely comes across, and i do get the pocahontas influence, especially in the movement of her hair
of her issues and was scared.
i can't see abby leaving chad or thomas willingly. no matter how bad her issues are.
definitely comes across, and i do get the pocahontas influence, especially in the movement of her hair
seriously, that film may have problems but the animation and color work remains incredible
do needs to go interview that guy
where is this man
i haven't been able to get through a season of american horror story since coven but i might try to give roanoke a shot.
i really loved hotel, mostly for its fantastic trans representation
i noticed his spots but now i need to look again
whoa his fin thingie?!?
it's the mena problem when he plays the defense is disorganized , mena should not be on the field
hernandez is the only other cb option.
jon and i both upgraded our phones today and i suspect our text conversations will only get dumber from here on out
it's gone off the rails and i regret nothing
when u a vegetarian&amp; u hungry af &amp; u see someone eatin chicken in front of u &amp; u start contemplating whether or not to fuck ur whole life up
just take that l real quick
i'm so happy to see everyone in love but i want it for myself .. tired of being w people that dont appreciate me &amp; call me bitches&amp; hoes
when that doesn't apply to me i'm heated rn
look at the ball. miracle that bogaerts was able to 1. hit it. 2. keep it fair. 3. hit it over the green monster.
lightning quick hands pete
nick shafnisky, responsible for 6 lehigh tds. he's a bad motherf shut your mouth
looky here.2 best pl teams walloped 2 best ivies :)
is the definition of we can't allow this 2happen.
read peggy noonan's column today in the wsj. gives one the historical perspective on corrupt hrc. makes one ill.
's active participation in this strangers surprise 40th bday party is fucking ridic it's a phish themed party so there's kinship
also, it's awesome.
who did it?
yeah, and where do they live, i just wanna talk ;)
i'm actually surprised at how tasty this is.
i like most of the yellow tails i've had, it's cheap but tasty
of her issues and was scared.
or how much she might think that they're better off without her.
linkis sucks, it doesn't allow me to see that page without being authorized through twitter
do you have something like this?
lmfaoooo i shouldn't be laughing but damn lmfaooo they were banging on his head
did you see him getting arrested today??
absolutely! this was an sk student who sound segmented to write :)
thank you so so much! what is sk?
true, but that would definitely come to an end. nigerians are taking another route, which is more of a knowledge based economy
i hope it ends. but i doubt apps and software can employ all nigerians. great nations make goods you can hold
sorry coach house but i'm following thin lizzy's explicit instructions and spreading the word around
the boys! they're back!
staying on brand by traveling 800 miles to see morrissey when i have tickets to next week's brooklyn show.
i have a buddy who's a vendor there this weekend and his fb post about morrisey's meat ban ruining his day is most excellent
disclaimer: if you reply to me that hillary is a war criminal or murderer, i will block you. for my sanity, i don't interact w/ crazies.
idgaf if you support trump, johnson, or stein. if you are that ignorant and out of touch w/ reality, i just do not have the time or energy.
ok fair but they were all already on the carts ok
i love you and your defense of your hair challenged husband
i was just gonna tweet this
so i guess we have to call eachother now??
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
screw you bitch and your criminal ways...
ironic that a little monster would think somebody else is stuck in the fame monster era with them lmao
boys don't cry &gt; gag's entire discography
spread it out but i'll probably be done by next weekend
holler when you get to like... episode 17 i think... i might have to finish watching season 1 :x
i didn't even get to watch it
sorry babes
new paper claims sugar industry tried to sweeten early heart disease research in its favor
bottom line species, we are
"first mover advantages (brand, capital, talent, etc.) go to first to achieve scale, not first to enter." -
"any examples of successfully adjusting product after lighting growth afterburners?" "none come to mind."
i'm still upset that my dunkin coffee was fucked up and this happened 8 hours ago
i didn't wanna complain cause the guy gave it to me for free
i can tell you hillary is bought by countries that torture &amp; murder gay &amp; lesbians!
this bitch is crazy!!!
happy bday to my lil cousin ....kick it for the one time
thanks cuz!! love you
he wasn't driving the gamestop car tho.
aww crap, you're right lol
i'm more of an nfl guy sorry bud ima have to go with my boy c money on this one
i'm wit joe because college football is waay more intense. big hits, badass td's, never boring
by the way, calling someone mexican isn't racist...
claiming they are and will impair the professional judgement most certainly is
the 2nd worst kind of people (dc is the worst)
you guys are taking a joke tweet making fun of a bunch of us for moving here as if it's laudatory of nyc lol
dont txt me with ur mental problems im not a therapist im a 14 y/o girl and its inconsiderate to my mental health to throw ur baggage on me
im sorry ur sad but dont txt me telling me to make u stop i cant im sorry i love u ur my friend but pls get professional he
i'm the egg guru, i'll teach you everything free of charge bas book me a ticket
one way ticket
wants to he is sincere with honesty lies, cheats and is corrupt
we can't let these people back into power. vote trump!
im sorry ur sad but dont txt me telling me to make u stop i cant im sorry i love u ur my friend but pls get professional he
lp ffs this is half of my problems
this is a bad take
i mean, yeah, it's a bad movie, but not a pro-fascism movie. come on now
bad bb no carding, go to your bed and have some egao
no cookie. go think about what you did.
weiner, ship me some beer and wire you some money and some in n out lol
send me a few cases while you're at it
yes, some ways of singing "love" are demonstrably worse than others. looking at you, "perfect illusion"
the ad takes so long to load i couldn't access the article. what the heck?
red hook is weird. it never really happened and also happened too much, pretty much simultaneously.
great way to put it. it feels like it has turned into a city getaway destination. a hipster coney island.
which shows?
the simple life, laguna beach, the hills, jersey shore, fear factor, a shot at love with tila tequila.
pretty close
he has much better seats than i do.....
if he doesn't stand, then call me ill informed?
yr need to identify him as turkish is ignorant, as if that counts against him. yr comment abt process ill-informed.
oh, penny dreadful s3 you are right on time.
still haven't watched it. i need to
i can tell you hillary is bought by countries that torture &amp; murder gay &amp; lesbians!
omg ... you're drunk!
this made me think of colin kaepernick and other players in nfl speaking up against oppression. what do u think?
and those of us in le are tired of being blamed for everything.
dude i have your other sheets too
excuse you what
very excited to get to the kitchen, unload this damn truck, then get on my couch and to get shitty with my dad.
i'm envious of this.
i'll be around tomorrow );
wothout mee th000
i hate this nigga so much lmll
he just banging on his chest
via , tom brady introduced to a rousing ovation at michigan.
well deserved. great to see especially after that disgrace at the super bowl 50 celebration. fault
i really love that baldwin has been mutating on i just noticed, omg.
yeah so neat!!!! ahhh
your a pathetic person you know that? anyone who refuses to hear the truth is straight up stupid! good luck with that! adios
not sure why you need to insult your political adversaries and fellow citizen. but good luck to you, too
you know you're doing something right with culture when your customers &amp; your partners want to become a part of it.
gets tricky but interested customers can make best tech cs folks, partners best sales - but have to be a good partner + not poach.
face book closed down our dedicated syria page after 5 years we had over 60,000 members help us rebuild @
what?!!! how dare they!!
i wonder what my family is cooking for the party later because i'm starvin
i wonder why you haven't text me back
lmaoo damn dude wish you could join us tonight, everyone is gonna be out there
i knw i was like fuck, the last 2 pop ups at space i wasnt in miami; but being introduced to everyone by a friend in ny was lit
goon baseball dominance is coming
i hope i'm a part of this goon dominance. i always wanted to hire as director of rafting.
be safe it's only a matter of time that those cowards will be brought to justice by all of those involved in the investigation.
seaside has been having a rough few years
just want to know why so effing hard 4strangers to keep hands to selves
agree, i don't like being touched by people i don't know.
one law of our fourth estate, regardless of outfit: nycentric
yes, we intentionally marginalized podunk backwaters like san francisco
i10 / beaumont several car rollover accident happening now
very sorry bad quality video, couldnt get over out of traffic.
at the airport yesterday &amp; spotted these gems. i'm feeling is being left behind
doing a bit of shoe shopping in retirement mate?! i'm sure will lift his game. he always does.
my lecture professor asked about you td
who's your lecture prof
so "the bad girl" calls me out!payback is a great way 2 end of my career.welcome 2 ass whippings come at a cost!
so then why don't the 2 of u fight each other and see who is better? come on coker set this up!
never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama.
just like you do! always talking nasty about other people. wake up your campaign is hellacious. ur a numpty
one hour of modeling compressed to two minutes.
i keep thinking i'd like to do this with my own dev, but my workflow is way too full of "oh fuck wait undo that" to work.. :)
i laughed. animation wise it was really colorful and kept my eyes moving around at the details. story-wise it was okay.
i'll give it that. animation was actually really good!
can you believe this after one weekend of camping
hopefully coleman doesn't something about this i have a messed up ice chest as well
he told victor he doesn't like james game play. i don't think he hates james.
whoa have you watched the feeds its a little over the top
totally fucked and i would have hated that just as much in a diff way
its like i have a target on my back, don't touch me rando bro.
hmm. no feed tonight on the satellite, only the twins' broadcast.
pix11 has the game. they're not on the out of market satellite package.
the best thing about being honest is you never have to tell people you're honest.
which doesn't mean some won't think you're not
you're drunk being a po is the best
i do not feel like an athlete at all i hate it
are you a giraffe or a seagull?
both those suck :( to quote on this week "false dichotomy" :)
miss you and your attitude in mr aminian's class
omfg i hated that class. but i miss u more
vice news reporter arrested outside a donald trump campaign event | vice news
police issue ..thankfully nothing to do with
the simple life, laguna beach, the hills, jersey shore, fear factor, a shot at love with tila tequila.
my only garbage tv show that's still on that i still love is anything kardashian/any kardashian spin off, not counting competition shows
think about it though lol of course there's gonna be way more intense games, there's hundreds of colleges
exactly !! haha that's why i think it's better
hamburg is believed to be the world's first city to ban pods:
there are 2 other flavours from rainforest blend and breakfast blend! works well w keurig!
our patreon bonus episode for this weekend will cover the ghostbusters in theme parks!
when i was a kid ghostbusters was the only reason i wanted to go to universal. i never made it before they took it out though..
look at these beautiul babies...
theres so many more than these ones.. but goshhh i want them all
can someone tell me what ring size i am
try mine on tomorrow and then see
. none of which changes that timing does seem like avoiding the election/preselection process
seeing as tho' yr so informed abt labor internals, what process is now being avoided?
i might try it again eventually, but it was a rough start.
i had the benefit of binging it, so that may help. that said roanoake had a great start
bernie campaigns for hillary in akron drawing massive 150 person crowd
this is shocking! where r the bernie supporters?
other than the nobodies taking time to tweet in my mentions...
i care. you are one of my heroes. please keep truth telling.
its like i have a target on my back, don't touch me rando bro.
no handshakes, high fives, hugs, or fist bumps if i don't know you.
what program is that?
magica voxel. it's free. another option is qubicle for $$$. both have pros and cons.
kpbz - super-res reflectivity tilt 1, 8:00 pm 2 new warnings in northwestern
confirmed on the southern storm in northwestern seek your shelters!
i'm in the mood to get fucked up tonight
i could punch you in the face if that will help
the greatest living man i know was a at for nearly 7 years. today we honor such sacrifice.
and yet you regularly screw vets... you are a two faced lying excuse
just saw this! bedford hill at greene &amp; franklin
be there in 5.
i really don't think she is being held against her will, jmo. i think she took off because
remember how she kept saying that she wanted to go home? why would she take off rather than go home?
louis ville and texas can take them
good luck lol
"we should be very grateful that the age of obama is finally over." ~
it will be when trump is elected in november
juggling grad school, ft elementary school teacher schedule, several dick appts a day, etc... is very fulfilling to a hoe like me.
you've never lived until you devote your life to the children, actively quench your thirst and develop your academic muscles.
it's actually sad that i get fucked over the same exact way every single time
try a different position, doggy is in rn
the simple life, laguna beach, the hills, jersey shore, fear factor, a shot at love with tila tequila.
no shame needed. i was more into the bachelor, survivor, beauty and the geek, amazing race, and weird game shows like the chair.
it costs so much more though
49 ain't too bad for a guaranteed 3.5 hour train.
from one of our fb fans. protect .
this is what you resort to? if i lived in city limits this would make me vote yes on c.
hey i think after today we need to re-up the trump insult catalogue.
wait i thought dopey was the cutest dwarf &amp; snow white's fav, no?
is there anything going on tonight in nyc?
the san gennaro festival in little italy
you don't understand how envious i am. enjoy every second of it beauty
i think you've made be green from all your escapades around the us!! aw i totally will do!
___ ___ rt sebastiankross: nothing better than a late night jerk sesh
u jerk your big cock...
. it's difficult to fulfill their speeches, when they're banned a week before cc
cnn's sally kohn: killing free speech 'good' even lie
when did you start playing soccer?
this year... trying to stay fit ;)
well actually, rob thomas is just outside the frame on the right
arms folded, face in a grimace
asking jane goodall about trump, was a stroke of genius,
we are not that different
support team gave me reservation for the 26th. i went online after midnight last night. picked up 7+ jet black this morning.
support has mine reserved for he 26th as well. how'd you get yours faster?
just wanna get drunk with and the rest of the guys like back when we lived in the old house
those were the days
wait i forgot what's going on in that season?? i'm in the middle of s4 rn
she hacked into the hpd database w chin's password and got mixed up w that cartel shit when she lost her badge
no shame needed. i was more into the bachelor, survivor, beauty and the geek, amazing race, and weird game shows like the chair.
oh yes, all of those too. all of them. remember "joe millionaire?"
got free for a year and i found me in the process!
well deserved for being a cool customer!! congrats! enjoy your drinks!!
ok this forces me to bring up - does sny need the gelbs (burkhardt) position at all? does it add to the telecast?
during the game, probably not. pre/post-game, absolutely. unless they're chasing an injury story or something during the game.
i finally shaved so i don't have to wear pants anymore fuck yeah
i liked those side burns out the daisy dukes... to each their own.
"any examples of successfully adjusting product after lighting growth afterburners?" "none come to mind."
"in reference checks, i ask for rating 1-10. 7s are weak, only 10s stand out."
lol damn ..and who ever took this x-ray radiated ur son more than needed lol
lol yea well they had to get his whole upper body to make sure it wasn't lodged in his esophagus
baby took me to baker beach for my first time ever &amp; we had a picnic, now we just been shopping all day lmao
time to head home to get dolled up for our dinner date
2/thinking of crowdfunding 2-3 journalists to just work on this for the next two months. know anyone good looking for work? cc
wait, what was 1/ ?
haha then you better watch
not sure, i'm not crazy about emraan neither of scary movies... let's see what happens.
the average undocumented immigrant pays more in taxes than trump (based on last released return)
trump accuses immigrants of being freeloaders but he took $885 million in tax breaks-won't say what he paid in taxes
drove to florence to pick a friend up from a tinder date because i'm everyone's literal mother
can todd sleep over tonight? his mom said it was okay she'll pick him up tomorrow before hebrew school
my favorite was the yellow one. the writing and dialogue for him was so phenomenal.
quicksilver in bird form!
my dinner included an entire zucchini and no gross leaves sooooooo
pizza is a salad. there's tomatoes on a large crouton with some cheese.
my aesthetic is late 90's kevin spacey being handed roses at a movie premiere
happy birthday
a motha fucker thought lmao
is this your frat boyfriend
. slams 'wacky' maureen dowd, cnn panel 'losers' | ap photo
do you notice how much press you have given trump in the last 5 hours? you cover his insults more that anything relevant.
you just showed your true liberal colors with that comment...figures. i hear the iphone 7 is better than the 6 too!
you twits are too damned stupid to fight with...night, night trumpies!
clearest blue @ music midtown festival, piedmont park
i need to see them.
fairly safe to say that has bungled the acquisition just when ott comm services started to explode
let's not forget how ms acquired with it, currently a top 10 messaging even though they've done shit for it.
pizza is a salad. there's tomatoes on a large crouton with some cheese.
also nathan, stop telling women what to eat thats called patriarchy
home cooked meal from stranger's kitchen, delivered to your door. makes real food easier in nyc.
. real food, by real people, easier indeed! thanks for the umi love, friends!
at some point he just has to tell her that's enough...
yea i felt really bad this woman was a raging bitch honestly.
happy to say our shirts are now union made by
this is v cool
as president, i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you, the american people!
fuck you, asshole.
degrom season ending injury. wow. it's amazing to me the fattest out of shape 43old colon out lasting all the kids
he's your role model ;-)
no there isn't a justification.
he's a racist... how is that not justification enough?
what has happened?
oh just all the personal digs at james on top of slander and lying
if you saw a guy on your tv sitting behind the person who caught the hr ball shaking his head with his arms crossed, that was me.
eh. didn't really see you. recreate it for me tomorrow?
are you surprised louis posted a photo of baby freddies hand after he posted a warning selfie?
not really i was waiting for it honestly then when i saw the notifi i rolled my eyes so hard and went
ask my ole dude 2 send it 2 me of course it gotta be all blurry but happy holiday sis love always
yo took it all the way back !! thanks big bro! love you my dude
my mom's trying to get me to have babies again
just tell her we are living in a simulation and none of it even matters
know what's going on with family sharing in ios 10 yet? waiting for reply from apple.
apple won't help with the family sharing issue. they think it's you.
i'm gonna sit in the same spot and watch football all day
so did you move or did you stay in the same spot
in speech tonight at congressional black caucus awards dinner, obama expected to urge action to stop trump.
let's hope this muslim piece of shit chokes on a chicken bone
my god, they review too many plays in cfb
that bama game was nearly 4.5 hours long
yeahhhhhhhhh
nooo wtf! what's your sc?
you are buying an apple product?
nope. last apple product i bought was ipod mini in 2004
forgery is more spiritually interesting than plagiarism
what is in the soul of a forger? a liar, certainly, like the soul of a plagiarist. but also, a humility. an urge to disappear into your art
now that the shortlist has been announced we are very happy to reveal the bbc national sho...
yay! when will this be released as an ebook?
i want to hear this.
just imagine ethel taking her chest voice all the way up... with less resonance, finesse, and success.
hi sudha, u can use 'crowdfire' 2delete some people u follow who aren't following u.this will make u have more room
working on it.
new policy. i'm unfollowing anyone who uses the word guru in anything other than a mocking fashion.
but what about this?:
portland's definitely look bumpier than that one.
you can drive up to 20mph over these without feeling any jolt, so most slow to that. nothing like parking lot bumps.
i highly doubt it! they don't care as long as they get ratings!
if everyone boycotts them, their ratings will fall &amp; sponsors will cancel! boycott !
in canada: ufc &lt; curling.
in ireland: ufc &lt; hurling
wait until 2018 when alonso throws his hat in the indycar ring.
the rumor around the paddock is alonso to coyne for '18.
hillary clinton takes aim at voters drifting toward third party -
hillary and dnc disparaged and discredited millennials; now she wants their votes??
i hope to see tomorrow, however!
likewise! i'm meeting up with an old friend at around 3, so perhaps some brunch is in order?
as trump rises in battleground states, clinton moves to block his path to victory
she's finished.
potato.......sauce. why.
next it will be celery sauce...
this sucks. a guy on a quad just went 80 down my street and killed my cat. he just looked at us and took off.
that's awful man, sorry.
will the preseason be broadcast
will the regular season be broadcast?
. what channel will cover the remainder of the
watchespn app for sure
here's what actually happens to your body after you die
the music accompanying this video is laugh out loud funny and watching is highly recommended.
me too!!! i swear to you, empty field and dude will still bump into me:only person
ask in chi someone on every corner wanted to talk to me
these android ass emojis
lol you got that update ?
this has been such much fun to kick off with
i've listened to all of the episodes. learned something new from each one!
hey speaking of idk if you're still looking to get a ticket for their ct show but i have an extra ga if you are!
yoooo!! i'm broke rn but i will definitely take you up on it once it gets closer!
haha yeah i know, that one's the least accessible. stick with it though.
oh god i've been fiddling with a "game guide" on ios for the sausage game. that wasn't actually the game.
can't wait to work you even more
damn, and u had to say something stupid
watching both rats collaborate on moving large quantities of soft nesting stuff into their sleeping pod and i'm dead of cuteness
"nothing beside remains. round the decay of that colossal wreck, " (how do they trash their cage this much??)
yes. i also watched the convo he had with victor about james before vic left.
i might of missed parts because i dont like the way they talked about him id just shut it off
face book closed down our dedicated syria page after 5 years we had over 60,000 members help us rebuild @
oops, i'm already following you on your new page.
heroin barre tho
ether soulcycle
walking round san francisco
i am mclovin san fran right now
"in reference checks, i ask for rating 1-10. 7s are weak, only 10s stand out."
how to balance gaining experience vs. starting co? "if you have an idea, just start now and learn as you go."
lol @ people who say they're going to "get in the best shape of their life this time" &amp; then say it for years bc they don't workout right
i don't appreciate you pointing out my flaws
keep saying it. just keep saying it and maybe you'll convince hope.
"maybe you'll convince hope" a perfect illiteracy honestly truly
*airport restaurant* me: "hi, how are you tonight?" server: "are you a teacher?" me: "p-pardon?" srv: "a teacher. you sound like a teacher."
i love this
understanding basics of grammar if there is any a prerequisite to classification as 'language'. e.g. birdsong.
are you saying you are unimpressed?
i love this way too much aahhh fcklkssks
i'll do more and color it soon !
took me 50 by wall to beat them by three smh
who let wall get 50? if it's steph, please don't answer.
i honestly love it when you guys tweet me
i just squealed on broadcasts w/ amelia , you're so freaking cute
i'll be doing a full article on it but if you want found footage horror films after here we go-
taking of deborah logan- great creepy flick that blends the real horror of dementia with some good scares
idgi why people think 2 pac is better than lil uzi vert? 2 pac doesn't even have a sound cloud lol
disgraceful
the race i'm running tomorrow looks like a shark fin.
i'll be thinking of your knees.
trump is doing another town hall with sean hannity in ohio this week.
that'll be quite a forum.
can yall look @ this beauty bc oh my gawww
making me blush and shit. i loooooove you
trump is doing another town hall with sean hannity in ohio this week.
whatever happened to the rules on candidates getting free air time? doesn't apply to cable?
love when louis zooms the camera onto his hands it shows how soft &amp; delicate his skin is &amp; how it's been inside him when harry's not around
at first i was like aww so cute and then the ending just had me laughing
report: hillary camp caught literally stealing from low-income donors hillary is such a sleeze.
we thought this cc theft would make the weekend news channels but so far nothing! !silenced
doesn't even ring my bell - the new standard. love it !
at first it was embarrassing cause it rang so much. people walking said they liked it so i got over it.
hey man! been awhile since i talked to you. we ready for ball season??
yeah always ready
gives a beautiful tribute to the amazing community that makes up
i was so moved by that i missed the hashtag!
yup just wait babe it gets better much much better get your vomit bag ready
so essentially yes i love him were dating
i'll be back in sf tuesday so let's def try n connect!!
sounds good will b in los gatos, but trying 2 figure out a day 2 b in the city
here's a little saturday motivation from marine corps commandant . !
marines now tasked with fighting the enemy in the white house
mail in ios 10 keeps showing the message body from a previously read email.
seeing the same bug
i'm saying it didn't fit with an apple keynote. i know what the song is about and i'm far from clueless.
it aligns perfectly with one of their corp values and the song is a huge hit / came out that week. she was a great pick.
that makes sense. any idea how to find/edit that?
click the message, click the (i) in the top right corner.
did that kick break one of gomez' fingers? the way he looked at his hand was concerning.
should have called for a timeout
i just squealed on broadcasts w/ amelia , you're so freaking cute
broadcast***
haha my phone broke. amazing.
i heard a new iphone came out
an x-bow in action...
those exotic things are quick here
then you deleted me.. cause you come up on my friends.. i see you mari!
wtf i don't think i ever had you. this is my second sc too so maybe i had you in the other one?
i'd say "don't make me laugh", but i'm already in tears. the is far beyond you now.
you're already 2 for 2 in getting the wrong. 1. your commentary, i won the ultimate survival twice
i got some awesome replies here on twitter, and they did help!
i'll check them out! how is everything school-wise?
taking of deborah logan- great creepy flick that blends the real horror of dementia with some good scares
exists- this is a great flick if you want light, breezy, and scary &amp; it's got big foot
randonneurs will find this a fun thing to do on those long, late nights on the road.
whatever you gotta do to stay awake and alert !
yay it's time to work out i'mma get strong and fit and oh fuck it's leg day d8
you don't need to walk the next three days.
trump misleads on there being 2 million convicted criminal undocumented immigrants in u.s.:
t .rump"misleads" about everything he's a pathological liar
in speech tonight at congressional black caucus awards dinner, obama expected to urge action to stop trump.
wonder if he'll say what he really thinks of the lying bitch hrc?
in speech tonight at congressional black caucus awards dinner, obama expected to urge action to stop trump.
stop him from what? he's a citizen running for president, stop making him out like he's some jihadist. why would obama care anyway?
okay i looked back at my livetweeting and i'm so embarrassingly dramatic over girls being gay
w/o context this look s kinda lewd
"i'm tweeting with nathan and mathew about salad if you want to join" -k tlin j koala
only in groups can we defeat the great white man
exists- this is a great flick if you want light, breezy, and scary &amp; it's got big foot
willow creek- another big foot horror flick, this one part-documentary part classic found footage ala blair witch
catch thinking about you. hope you feel marvelous darlin'
cannot wait to see you! please tell me you will be there on the 27th?
ok, i'm calling godwin on this one.
i still it, but trump hasn't given us any indication that he's hitler bad. mussolini or mao, yes. ceauescu or saddam, yes.
ya girl is on imdb!!!! this is just the beginning!! im so excited
congratulations.way to go.
my mother sells her house aug 6th. last thurs. i finally get the last of her things i don't want on the curb for trash pick up.
guy rings my doorbell now, says he took old stereo cabinet fr the curb, put it on the side of my house till he could come back.
i recognize that shirt haha
it's a crowd favorite
who is working from home tonight? playing for all the out there!
i love this song!!! thanks for playing it, buddy :)
ln was lit n now its tru mf hangover hrs w/ both of those cups are his
everything about this i like
so is hillary. but i guess you don't care. because she's a "cooler" racist?
really???? don't be foolish. you're gunna tell me he's not racist?
u right. any request tho?
underoath, the story so far, stick to your guns, the ghost inside, a day to remember, brand new, counterparts.. you get it
capitalism? free market? invisible hand? supply &amp; demand.
big fan of supply and demand. nobody is making anyone spend $800 for the show whatsoever.
me: do you like my new necklace? mom: i love it! ok... actually, i like it. me: you don't have to like it. mom: i'm glad.
i know, i know... it's not for everyone
good job by politico writing about trump's absurd lie this afternoon.
not sure what's scarier, the fact that cheetonazi spouts this bullshit or that his brain-dead supporters believe it.
willow creek- another big foot horror flick, this one part-documentary part classic found footage ala blair witch
v/h/s-2, don't bother with the other films in the anthology just watch this amazing middle installment
see you all at tomorrow. we are at booth
we'll stop by your booth if you stop by ours.
those were the days g! the bat watusi!
that is what it was called. batman was, um, shall we say less serious back then...
or, you know, -user-install and it just works
i think said there were issues surrounding that?
i delete everything on my phone and still have no storage space. what else can i give, my soul?
go to itunes store and try to rent a movie that's like 6gb and it'll clear the cookies and storage in your phone
i'd say "don't make me laugh", but i'm already in tears. the is far beyond you now.
&amp; 2. i'm the best i've ever been. get joey b to show me some numbers and i'll show you. $$$
i honestly love it when you guys tweet me
you're so precious , that's so cute agh
guy rings my doorbell now, says he took old stereo cabinet fr the curb, put it on the side of my house till he could come back.
ummm... what? asks me if he can put it back on my porch bc it might rain tonight and he won't have a truck until tmrw afternoon.
not even the book of mormon?
hey yeah i actually really dig musicals in general \_()_/ cats is specifically the worst
had bama in a 6 point teaser to make the spread 5.5 and they won by 5
had michigan -18 they're up 17 and the kicker misses a chip shot fg
for those keeping score, i'm sprawled on the couch.
i'm in bed hopped up on cold meds and red rose tea.
pioneers - a documentary about twitch streamers
maybe a certain "someone" can mention how his manager tried to build a media empire on other people's backs and ruined them.
this old man, he plays three he plays knick knack on my knee with a knick knack paddy wack give a dog a bone.
aawwwww i was so happy forjax and tara &amp; their brief moments in civilian life. . for a little while at least
v/h/s-2, don't bother with the other films in the anthology just watch this amazing middle installment
lake mungo- a deeply unsettling australian found footage/docu-horror flick, seriously unsettling
. everyone in the media business should be asking themselves why this is the case.
yes media. why do americans think trump is transparent? what have they been reporting?
welcome! see you tomorrow!
finally! can't wait!
hey hill, i revoked my dem card to vote 4 trump! i just couldn't vote 4 a liar like you!!
if this race is about , she is a goner. the focus must say on her.
wow! 17 degrees difference. is this map readily available? i find myself over/under -dressed nearly everyday.
the map is a work in progress... i have it mostly-automated but not posted live yet. doing some testing.
you're making my head spin almost as much as a megazord spin attack! lol whats next thundercats? voltron? fraggle rock?
head spin made me think of 'tailspin' the 1991 disney cartoon, so yeah, fraggle rock. school house rock. bill nye. lamb chop
preach this + learning the value of resting before i break down has been huge for me lately. you be exhausted, girl.
i am and i'm loving it and i might go to bed at 8 pm because i am tired and that is important.
big tune with available in on itunes.
the hit maker is taking music to the next level
very revealing that trump has no friends, business partners or long time associates. just paid flunkeys &amp; family. it's like the sopranos.
a bully is a bully is a bully.
what do they do? i've never been to disney
room key, park admission, ride admission, dining reservations, and can be used at payment as well...basically everything
can stop please
something is wrong come to war zone
tomorrow is my birthday and i'm working all day so go do something fun for me in my honor, ok?
hbd jake! hope this next year is wonderful for you!
your highlight in your avi literally blinded me gadamn
it has been perfectly fine for me in the years i've used it like this?
if so, we ideally should update the docs
love spinning up a unique credit card number in the moment while talking to a customer service agent over the phone
was curious how that was working for beta users.
i would like to start an open research discussion &amp; collaboration platform, where you could: - brainstorm ideas - find collaborators (cont)
happy to help in either way possible :) cc:
four brunches a day, hookers and blow, hamilton and hacking all night into bleary panels about serverless. hit me up if you free.
sounds like cosmopolitan hacker hobbits mainlining life.
qui.. .how is quarter final game with trump in liberal cali?
i'm so sick of hearing the name 'trump'! lets get this over with &amp; send him back to tv celebrity only..
now on to domers v sparty....sooners v buckeyes...tree v traveler and oskie v bevo....oh yeah and a fairly important baseball game..beer me!
first one fitz v draymond bowl
...wb was touting the dcu as more cerebral than the mcu and that is just not the case
yeah i do agree with that haha. it's hard to claim that with the material you're using
lake mungo- a deeply unsettling australian found footage/docu-horror flick, seriously unsettling
banshee chapter- this is the best lovecraftian horror film, it's incredible
please provide an example of his racism
lmao don't be pretend ignorance you know his transgressions you choose to ignore him cause you're insecure.
which of my stupid t shirts should i wear to the jack nyc show tonight. im an adult
party lizards
ummm... what? asks me if he can put it back on my porch bc it might rain tonight and he won't have a truck until tmrw afternoon.
i was about to put old filing cabinets on the porch but now bc i'm a damn sucker, there's no room bc the fucking stereo cabinet is back!
lmaoooo wtf is these
something you see in dbz
at an open bar wedding with macallan 12 &amp; four roses. this could be trouble.
could be? probably 'already is'
not a disaster !!!!!
she landed two lutzes!!
vacation sale now on. fly direct from san jose to london. book by sept 28
when you call it a vacation, it's time to come home.
that film was amazing
right?! i feel like people gloss over it cause of the found footage otherwise it'd be mentioned alongside bigger 2010s horror
having guess gum flavor. i tell her it looks like an orange and she says pomegranate. not quite
i'm gonna go out on a limb here and say it was flavored
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
it's really sad you have no one around you to tell you how lame your tweets are...
i wish i had the confidence to do what i wanted
what do you want?
great meeting you this morning at the ebho breakfast. love your project to bring obama here. count me in!
thanks for reaching out. really nice to meet you as well. working on my tweet. need to create a bit-ly link.
"i tried to force myself to be straight because if i was gonna date a woman it was gonna be you" hahahahha
it's true ily that much
iirc it was suggested in the docs as an alternative sans sudo
ah yeah, the amending of $path setting of the `.profile`
ok lily ur the one making it lewd
listen.., its who i am
doing fine with or without you
omg, you guys.
i'm seriously so happy with my life. i've gotten such a great opportunity and i would've been so mad at myself if i didn't take it
i get to experience so many different people, cultures, the city that never sleeps. i'm so blessed.
he should've given the award to bey
he doesn't have it anymore anyway, it got stolen
///: that's not even a good bribe i was hoping it was money-based
dnt worry ya girl is mid finesse
i don't consider yale that good... they have no qb...
true but that fact ruins my gloat :-)
scuse me. think i'll score.
fantastic block by clapp too
why are phone cases so expensive? like, who's paying $40 for a case?
amazon. they're always discounting the good brands
tony robbins has good stuff but he's general interest, mainstream, and thus his stuff is diluted. i'm 100 proof.
have you read rabbi mindset? it is the most impactful book out there to end anti semitism.
banshee chapter- this is the best lovecraftian horror film, it's incredible
the houses october built- an amazing found footage experience, best of the genre
tfw you're in first place
rooting for y'all when the postseason come
yeah, but, you could write the same exact article for every other major developer in nyc.
for the record i think trump is a piece of crap, just saying this isnt really news.
how many workers do undocumented immigrants employ?
. undocumented immigrants are not allowed to start businesses, but we know the potential of immigrants
wrong guy dave
i hate that, but i don't think the egg cares.
slanderous lying pig - trump says "laziness is a trait in blacks" ...
try not2use unflattering personal terms n reverencing ppl, but n this case i guess 1ugly name deserves another, right??
emergency: how bad is papa johns? cuz i'm about to get in a life-ending fight to find another pizza place and i wanna be sure it's worth it
papa john's totally fine
agree! press is so responsible for clinton's untrustworthy numbers! say it in every news cycle it becomes fact
easy to verify truth or lies: politicususa politifact charity navigator charity watch educate yourselves
these two books are both
thanks ty. i read pour your head into it but not the 2nd. i'm going to finish house of morgan and then we'll see whatsup ;-)
should i remove the dancing girls from the club scene?
do what you want. those that matter won't mind
when searches for "beach near me" turns up florida, michigan, las angeles, atlanta.
cough jersey cough
someone explain how being comfortable with your body equals to being desperate?
yeah, why is riding her dick so hard? if you don't like, don't look.
how to balance gaining experience vs. starting co? "if you have an idea, just start now and learn as you go."
services recommended by to make startup admin easier: , ,
what do you want?
i'm about to go to a concert alone because no one wanted to go with me. you do you!
dnt worry ya girl is mid finesse
keep me updated if a watch is offered
why is it suddenly considered progressive to say women have pink brains? dares to mention trans politics
you know one thing women's brains are good at? thinking about how to deal with life in a woman's body.
i was about to put old filing cabinets on the porch but now bc i'm a damn sucker, there's no room bc the fucking stereo cabinet is back!
i swear to god if he doesn't get this cabinet by noon tmrw i'm taking an axe to it. can't believe i'm providing dumpster divers storage!
terrific day for baseball
my hometown!
haha it doesn't make my original tweet wrong..
quino going down this round =)
joey gomez sounds like a mob character on the simpsons.
his cuts weight by sucking lemons.
i'll gladly scare you through it i mean run you through it
lol sure, looking forward to it
the brave men and women who have served our country deserve better than donald trump.
wow! powerful.
dammit. just realized only the iphone 7 plus has the double camera thing.
want that camera so bad but the big size is just too much...
(ruby rhod voice): i want all the flavors! listen to time of ice cream by brown eyed girls on .
(using share-&gt;copy, not share-&gt;twitter...) listen to friday (feat. jang yi-jeong) by iu on .
i get to experience so many different people, cultures, the city that never sleeps. i'm so blessed.
not to mention the musicians, the artists and the all around talented ass people. i love new york.
excuse me, there's a girlfriend?!
there was... unclear from instagram if there still is. his show films five minutes from hearst...
also these international people just asked what time it was and i just showed them this screen --
you shoulda said "oh yeah it's uh..." and turned it to them swiftly and say "gotcha spooked ya!"
the houses october built- an amazing found footage experience, best of the genre
behind the mask- part meta-comedy mockumentary, part found footage slasher, needs to be seen to be believed
zero hiccups for me! was literally surprised i was able to generate a card and have it charged &lt; 2 seconds later :)
how long have you been using it?
you're the best
nah that's you
just keep hitting on my friends it's cool
i can tell her she's hot if i want you whore so gtfoooooo
services recommended by to make startup admin easier: , ,
founders waste time on creative admin, funky voting/vesting structures, being too secretive at
that's what i do with escape plans, i use them to leverage myself into remembering that my time in any given place is a choice
but it's very hard. also, america is a hard place, a stupid and unfun place in many respects.
ur a dud for that one, that meme is dead dev
you still a nasty ho tho
she got home and freaked out. felt like she wasn't good for them. keep in mind her state of mind
i still don't think that she would do that to thomas.
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
go ahead and sue. it will be another exercise in futility for you
also these international people just asked what time it was and i just showed them this screen --
you shoulda said "oh yeah it's uh..." and turned it to them swiftly and say "gotcha spooked ya!" and then scurry away
happy to help in either way possible :) cc:
i'm working on putting together a web app for the group study that organizes, which has been amazingly helpful
behind the mask- part meta-comedy mockumentary, part found footage slasher, needs to be seen to be believed
grave encounters 1 &amp; 2, the best insane asylum horror flicks you're gonna see
(using share-&gt;copy, not share-&gt;twitter...) listen to friday (feat. jang yi-jeong) by iu on .
you don't get nearly as many characters if you tweet directly from the music app because it includes the link twice. sad!
i know sailors and steelworkers who aren't as crude &amp; rude. some of the crowd have an extremely limited vocabulary.
read and weep. ah sailing we will go, ah sailing we will go....
don't have the best body but i'm trying my best to own it
but you do have the best body so ???
bill clinton aides used tax dollars to subsidize foundation, private email support
yeah, what an asshole. used his pension for charity! how dare he!
spread the blog, spread the community! thanks for attending!
great talk! any tips you can offer for sharing a patient story?
working people are fired up to talk to voters about and !!
good to hear
: the biggest nomination snubs
biggest snub, the show underground.
less than 24 hours...
have any extra tickets?
i usually compress bass with 7 distortion pedals but i'm open-minded.
slacker! only 7!
latest: rapper kendrick lamar took home lyricist of the year at the 11th annual bet hip-hop awards.
this just in, doesn't know who is.
did you know that without bees, as many as 90% of wild plants &amp; 30% of the world's crops would disappear? yet bees are rapidly dying.
yes rothschild&amp;the 8yr bankruptcy over@ their bis is why.want2 stop world's real mafia?guess who yeah banksters
if trump is pure evil rhen the democratic party is it's creator
. - glad there's psychological help 4 ppl who evidently need it!
but it's used synonymously to "you're hot" you know?
i feel like it stems from daddy (don't get me started) and it was shortened to dad but that wasn't enough so mom
i know the things that liberals often try to claim are him being "racist," that's why i asked you for an example
why are you voting for him? and don't pander me with oh liberals are saying this. why are you voting for him?
sadness is when your fav bra is obv done for and the wire came out and is poking you goodbye forever , you did a great job.
just let em go free.
you're a racist
thanks bud!
so great on bass!!!
dude, the secret is now out! wtf!
barely survived 12yo's five-hour birthday party. wow. next year he's getting a card and a buck.
good thing turning 13 is nbd
i'm so jealous ! i went to pats dolphins years ago at gillette and had an awesome time. enjoy ya self grubs. miss ya !
thanks! can't wait! miss all of you guys!
looking good! what about twine or spools of thread?
yup! right next to the duck tape!
i thought the lockport qb had a full sleeve tat at first
haha nope he has the jared lorenzen sleeve
she got home and freaked out. felt like she wasn't good for them. keep in mind her state of mind
especially since she knows what it feels like to have an absent parent growing up. (jack)
am i the only one that doesn't understand why peaceful protesters are being arrested? along with medics and journalists?
unfortunately there r criminals now in law enforcement &amp; running our government otherwise it wouldn't be happening!
its been most of my purchases for the past few weeks
awesome. i know i signed up for the beta in boulder before moving. i'll have to check them out again. thanks!
i've been playing through it off and on and on the final levels. it's great. multiplayer has an old school vibe too.
really impressed with the rendering engine. smooth as fuck on xbox one
you don't get nearly as many characters if you tweet directly from the music app because it includes the link twice. sad!
i have very little complaints about other than bugs in the new ios app. aac audio quality, sound check, and playlist gen. are .
i swear to god if he doesn't get this cabinet by noon tmrw i'm taking an axe to it. can't believe i'm providing dumpster divers storage!
but it's not all bad... he did tell me i had left my keys in the door...
a design flaw in wrist-worn fitness trackers: they don't count steps taken while pushing a stroller plz advise
wear on your ankle like you're under house-arrest which if you're pushing a stroller prob applies
why? i think trump has some great ideas. i didn't support him at first but do now.
what ideas are coupled with a policy idea?
i believe, from now on, the most significant contributions to go will be entirely based on documentation and reorganizing the existing.
. what happened to reading from top to bottom? it's so short, succinct. if people want to be expert at go...
fr fr we gotta get it in the days i don't have practice or nothing
it's guwop , today was solid
until monday...
we need to keep reminding them
i love that your pfp is still my collage ily
ah it's fabulous
classic, lots to take in.
. for sure!! i consider this interview with the larry one of gv's crowning moments
tfw when you get upgraded on the flight home as well as the flight out
scratch that. i got upgraded again at the gate and now in business.
this is so cute
is that me? oh wait it literally was me a week ago
clinton+8 in pennsylvania, per muhlenberg college. she still holds a huge margin in southeast pa.
go hillary your great
forreal tho, is it worth streaming tonight, or wait for the web app?
chill stream is worth
phoenix has some pretty decent airport tacos
highly recommend lgo as well. "the commuter" sandwich is incredible
skdndksks i thought they got it back?
i've never heard that
rt liberallachick: hey twitter fams. take a look at this video and give me your opinion guys.
i just saw it and found it quite disturbing.
baseone - ft kayswitch on live from nyc
brand new tune
interesting that hasn't pulled the phony asenqua ventures profiles.
but not surprising. great story. the domain is hidden by domains by proxy, natch. tried tracing email headers?
dude. i just said to my mom "it's 8pm but i'm really tired. is it too early to go to bed?" we should just sleep already
i think i might! if anything, i'll wake up later. worst case scenario i wake up in the morning. g'night!
such an incredible song. makes me want to start playing piano again !
very beautiful melody. you should defiantly start playing again.
did you know that without bees, as many as 90% of wild plants &amp; 30% of the world's crops would disappear? yet bees are rapidly dying.
the banksters at planetary owner (bis) are killing every bee they can, they hate humanity
2 laws of online: 1) given enough time, all of twitter will move to new york 2) all group chats ultimately exist to discuss nyc geography
all of twitter, except one person.
i hate having to tell people "they are not laughing with geeks, they are laughing at them". the shows premise is stupid.
these writers are trash. it's unreal it's successful
the new blair witch was good
as good as "the witch"?
my parties get shutdown in canada bc i'm a menace 2 society. yet this ginger fart basket has been educating ur kids.
fuck that bitch but pls don't hate all gingers!!
stay asleep bc you are a sheep who follows the masses. only the m is silent and is pronounced asses lol
and are being conned. the silent majorty more like the silent morons.
sweet already have my copy pre-ordered in nz!
thank you! i look forward to hearing your review!
for all the years i lived close, sorry i never went there. looks really, really cool. love all the old brick.
as much as i hate penn,franklin is a great venue for football.
it always prompts me to put my chip in which completely defeats the purpose to apple pay to begin with.
yeah, that's what i got. sigh.
lauren's dad just yelled at her for ordering an uber from barney's to chipotle
"why the fuck did you need an uber, they're only three blocks apart"
friend: you wanna smo me:
this will be u on friday
i want everyone to know you can get a two piece with two sides and a biscuit from popeye's for $5 and life is truly incredible
honestly so bomb. so happy there's one near my house
report: hillary camp caught literally stealing from low-income donors hillary is such a sleeze.
i thought this would make the weekend news channels but so far nothing !silenced
maybe some needlenose pliers, diagonal cutters, and wire strippers. soldering iron?
yes to all of those except i have no idea how to use them!! maybe i can get someone in to "train" is on the possibilities there.
for some transparency can send $15m+ to charity. why won't he take the deal?
didn't he promise $50 mil to charity for birth certificate?
i hope will be able to draft deshone kizer if he decides to leave next year.
don't wish that just yet! would love to see him back for at least one more year
omg grace??? hahaha why did she leave!?
idk she walked in yesterday during the day to pack &amp; she said she was transferring schools
super! it'd would be very hopeful because i typically find myself in 3, 4 different climate zones in san francisco in 1 day
me too! glad you like it!
1-0 win! now the race to montkake begins. kickoff at 5pm. over/under on when i'll get there?
our son kevin is doing the same thing. he did lights at tbirds last night, we are in irvine for rock concert
i'm so sorry. i know you work on your videos for a long time. did they give you a reason?
i do!!! and no reason other then that they found " copyrighted content" in it
two touchdowns. 2:48 in. . sound the siren.
. as soon as you switch from the osu game
one thing i miss about dahs is the russian lady that screamed everyday "fries is extra".
lmao worrrrrd
a look that has me shook
lol yas!
always looking for new stories and characters. what are you working on?
thanks for the follow
why do you take guns at the door to your pathetic rallies?
i figure next time they'll use the butt end of a gun to knock a 60+ year old woman down. go figure.
good night dear isac and all !
sorry baby, this video is blocked for usa for copyright issue
you know what's scary? u.s. agent would definitely be trump's vision of captain america.
hey now, he got better eventually, he just had some serious personal problems to work through
omg you were at the met!!! favorite place tbh, i was there a few weeks ago :)
i love it there!!!
make this startup work. doing another harder than you think. "the tv stars who were only great in one role
isps i know who ground it out for 10+ yrs, &lt; $10m return are 75%+ hit rate for 2nd+ companies. those with $100m+ returns are &lt; 20%.
why are you voting for him? and don't pander me with oh liberals are saying this. why are you voting for him?
waiting...?
my most exhausting, triumphant writing in ages. eternal gratitude to the magnificent for insp.
thats my best friend
with issues they care about: climate change, economy, student debt, equal rights/freedom.
yes climate, change, college affordability and freedom are the three main ones
i don't think covers all the things and the best practices.
it definitely covers the basics, like -n and -x.
stay asleep bc you are a sheep who follows the masses. only the m is silent and is pronounced asses lol
ur reciting lies and have the nerve to call me sheep? pathetic.
:) i am so glad we were able to meet here at !
ht to for the introduction
yes of course
i gotta wait till season 5b is on dvd.
news analysis: donald trump's anything-goes campaign sets an alarming political precedent
it exposes the limitations of a purely profit-driven political media afraid hardball questions will harm the bottom line. shame!
what time do you think you'll be out in the am? i'm thinking of getting up early to hang out.
i went out at 5am this morning. tomorrow a little later. there were 50+ spotters out today.
notice any difference in how little miss flint reacted to meeting president obama vs. trump? via
. - her mom shld b ashamed 4 allowing her daughter 2get near that racist buffoon!
what's you tap out at?
1k. and i'm happy with most of those words!
how do you decide what is a story?
how do you decide what story to tell as an epatient? tips
is there a game like just dance but instead of garbage licensed western music, has superior japanese aidoru music so i can dansu like nico?
danceevolution, but it's an asia-only arcade game so rip
kim kardashian accuses murdochs of "profting from genocide," quotes hitler, hits on holocaust, 9/11 mt
that's good.
can i smoke weed inside mezzanine ? i can't remember
u not supposed to but u can
how much tax do undocumented immigrants pay?
. see this thread
this is the best kizer has looked this season. looks comfy behind that o line.
makes you wonder how he wasn't named the starter from the beginning
sad to hear about the death of edward albee. what a genius! who's afraid of virginia woolf is such a masterpiece.
it's terrible
he got a $50 gift card you are not slick these niggas out here tryna look like you a plug
don't nobody got a gift card dickhead
or early, depending on your perspective.
he's adorable. his name is frankie. he has awesome blue eyes
meek on the game head right now on instagram
toastin em!
it's ok at seed, but don't use the term "loi" with a big vc.
"poc" is the new loi and in security or dc orch/on-prem cloudy seems to be taken seriously by some.
like how does she do it???
i was just wondering the same thing. is she even real?
so i'm sitting on my lovely stoop in the sun with my daughter, and this lady walks by and says loudly into her phone ...
"well, i guess the neighborhood is ok. the apartment is really cute."
this waiting room is full of reasons why i'm glad i got sober and have a program of recovery. some of them need to be glad i'm sober too.
excellent and lol
this made me think of u
im tryna cop those on the top left
eating non-iranian pistachios and trying to explain to friends why they are subpar. we make everything better. except governments.
i am sure this is driving them nuts!
baseone - ft kayswitch on live from nyc
brand new tune
ok but ur boobs are bussin no matter what u wear
i want to say exactly but i also want to laugh until my laugh box breaks
hillary does not no the first thing about creating jobs ! or anything else as far as that goes !
right! what has trump been honored for?
"well, i guess the neighborhood is ok. the apartment is really cute."
for some reason, this offended me.
check out flocabulary my friends. there hasn't been a day this school year that didn't involve at least one rap!
i may be at my limit for new things this year, really past it, but it looks cool, heard about it
i never said she was honest. your stream of consciousness rant further proves your stupidity. your gene pool is ankle deep.
haha, keep panicking while the polls shift away from hrc, please die, do the us and earth a favor
only possible conclusion: 's staff has begun subtweeting their boss.
is compulsive and all his tweets end with strong statement of judgement and !
agree again, i'm sure all the illegals were willing to say, yep, i'm here illegally 2 govt census takers,
double-edge sword:duplicitous democrats actively push census to count all illegals to increase their house seats
lightning version of the retro on the cd will be even better! listen to (don't forget me) by girl's day.
this is the wired headset i'm talking about.
trying to make proud
you should be at the game!!!
in back to the future 3, why does the wild west ancestor on marty mcfly's father's side of the family look like his mom? :-/
why on the simpsons to the van hautens &amp; the wigums look exactly the same?
had to get a new phone. forgot to screengrab my draft tweets. again.
did u trade in or do you still have it?
bar : lorraine. the wild card. lived up to the hype. sick beer garden with mural.
omg i've been seeing you tweet through this bar crawl literally all day. please just survive.
today i sat in the book room with the authors to sign books. um, no one at has read anything i've written.
you need to publish your tweets. how was the panel you moderated?
he's never going to answer cuz there isn't one thing that's actually racist.
awesome! yeah keep that ignorance strong my brother.
man starts talking to us tells us he's a bad man and i went 'haha did ya kill a man?' and he says nothing :)
you should've turned around &amp; told him "i know what you did last summer..."
am i always either naked or sending pp pictures?u guck. it meena she's top tits
but am i the one always trying to kiss everyone at parties
omg i love it that you did this. you are the best. and yes, those are very gentle, gradual humps compared to pdx's.
it was on my grocery route, so easy. here's me testing video button. note bell &amp; fender rattle
somebody anybody, trump needs his meds.
the us is doing great elect trump were done for never trump
"a profoundly beautiful novel, exquisitely written" johnny temple on another brooklyn, but bobi winner
wrote a glorious book with
i wanna come too no but fr you stay going to all the lit thangs &amp; what not.. we should all do something.
lets gett ittttt haha i'm down whenever
can u imagine being so angry u dredge up month old tweets as an excuse to be racist to strangers
probably been working thru reading it the way literate ppl would w/ tolstoy, melville. way to go buddy!
xfinity is using that bum ortiz to advertise. thank god we switched to verizon fios
not gonna lie, i had a chuckle at that commercial
could you explain that in a couple tweets?
one tweet. it's simpler to navigate. things are just much more clear. the library of stuff makes sense.
i went out at 5am this morning. tomorrow a little later. there were 50+ spotters out today.
wow!!! can't believe there were that many. never seen that many i'll get up early indeed. thanks for the info.
if u support trump at least support him knowing that he is in bed w putin, &amp; russia needs trump to win &amp; please at least wonder why this is
so knowing that....what's the answer ???
shout out to for the jersey!!
i got an autographed jrich pic from one of his dunk contest as well ima put it in the frame also lol
what players will get halloween card though?
in mobile they gave halloween cards to high strength players
all those other developers aren't running for president, though.
but its apparently legal
this is the wired headset i'm talking about.
i suspect that the analog headset version has a battery in order to be loud enough, but i could be wrong. lightning/usb wouldn't need one.
louie thinks he's black , check out that hair !
i just let the hair do what it wants
i was doing my geology homework and pangea was the topic and i was just like damn that'd be fire
but like what if that shit got extra wild? people be at war off bucks
still didn't answer my question. i'm voting because i agree with trump's vision for a stronger safer america
that's a general answer what policy do you agree that makes you vote for him.
wet oily pussy.
i hope u riley reid be in another oil overload &amp; u riley do an ass anal or dp oiled up
the small business owners trump never paid a dime | cnn politics | |
where's your taxes trump
pennsylvania apparently
it's a district of the united states &amp; isn't technically part of a state but it's between md &amp; va!
brown prater chargers. brown is enough better than robinson to make up for the other 2
just hard to stomach playing the chargers dst in cash games..
why is there a espn logo at the top left and a abc logo on the bottom right
the package of games are called espn on abc saturday night football. abc owns 90% of espn
still didn't answer my question. i'm voting because i agree with trump's vision for a stronger safer america
anytime you vote you hope for someone to make america stronger.
founders waste time on creative admin, funky voting/vesting structures, being too secretive at
being action-oriented (and having proof of traction) makes application 10x better than polishing deck.
we really got step it up wow
ugh gotta jesus girl learn to typeeeee so many typos
love the music, hate the kids. applies to lots of things, clothes &amp; art for sure ha
just a hilarious crowd. i go to an event it's like oh hey hello scan buy leave smh
congrats to for winning dm and your shipping info
congrats yo
i went out at 5am this morning. tomorrow a little later. there were 50+ spotters out today.
pretty much my only chance is part of tomorrow. not that i photograph anything but like the experience.
a dozen roses presented to retiring city clerk sheri spediacci from city manager clay hols...
bon voyage sheri!
he got won over in these pages and others though. yup.
oh john no! and he was doing so well! he always makes bad decisions-
the 2nd biggest continent at that.
let's remember: by definition, europe itself is not a continent.
blame the good book. it connects everything
some of pages of mine are stuck together...
im curious if anyone knows if hillary/donald are still close to any of their hs or college friends? any interviews out there ?
there could be some juicy ones from the donald...
pharma company developing a synthetic cannabis drug spent $500,000 to fight marijuana legalization in arizona.
not only would fake pot suffer, but sales of antidepressants, pain killers, and anxiety/sleep meds would also suffer.
being action-oriented (and having proof of traction) makes application 10x better than polishing deck.
"don't ask for permission to quit your job."
how many independent pizza places deliver to your house? (not a domino's/papa john's/etc.?)
&gt;20. i live in brooklyn.
lamar jackson 5x better than what i was at v-tech....enough said!!
woah says the g.o.a.t it must be an honor
sec albright: ukraine needs to be a full member of the euro-atlantic security structure
albright: to those that say we should not provoke russia / putin, i say, who is doing the provoking
always fun to unsolicited advice on how to lift weights at a commercial gym, esp since i'm certified trainer. fun times.
maybe he thought you needed to smile, you know that fixes just about everything
we tend to dislike to write about stuff that's already written, but repetition of the knowledge seems to be critical for awareness
i agree. "it's a best practice to repeat best practices."
so i went to bk museum for an event okayafrica did in collab laola, the nigerian artist that did the face painting in beyonc's video.
i was looking for the area where the event was going on and couldn't find it so i asked this white man that got his face painted
oh my god i've cried so many times on the 1 train
glad to know i'm not alone
any chance henry weaver is coming back?
he didn't die so you never know?
obscura society ny: 13 steps around dutch kills - tomorrow, in come with?
count me in mitch. can i pay in person?
"if someone hurts then the blood is on your hands ."
nobody had better touch her...otherwise t rump will be living w putin
pharma company developing a synthetic cannabis drug spent $500,000 to fight marijuana legalization in arizona.
who wants to poison themselves with fake pot when there is real pot out there? smh
the network that won't show the game it tweets about
no rule on obvious blowout?
idk are they?
i've gotten a lot of lip outta you recently and i'm not happy about it
only @ me if it's about zucc and only if you have nice things to say about him thanks
my co-worker had an extra zucc gnome and gave it to me this week. i am
baseone - ft kayswitch on live from nyc
excellent tune kadondo
i'll play! let's wildly speculate that maybe it was a bribe to look the other way on some underage inappropriate stuff
-many people haven't started saying that yet, so i won't quote them, as trump is wont to do (frequently).
hell's kitchen is okay
i'm there all the time
i hope u riley reid be in another oil overload &amp; u riley do an ass anal or dp oiled up
i will hope &amp; wish &amp; pray you do an double penetration oiled up
laziness is a trait in blacks
maybe not trump, you damm sure want be
i have to be reaaaallly nice to my mom because i made an appointment to start a sleeve and i know that's going to crush her
and also i should just be nicer to her always because she's such a good and pure woman
make sure to vote for for afh you can vote up to 20 times a day(do it)
thanks liam
still didn't answer my question. i'm voting because i agree with trump's vision for a stronger safer america
no one votes and hopes for a weaker america except you're voting for someone that enjoys bullying and dividing americans
after all salvo taught us... smh.
but just think about all of my new assets
i need 30 more of these blue finn cards. if you have any extra send them to amandaward! thank you!!
but how would i know that is the real amanda ward
yep. much better schedule than last week
i was wrong. more than 4. got ou-osu &amp; osu-pitt to name a couple
have a sweet night my twitter friends. love you all!!!
sweet dreams
said she had time 4 but i question b/c there's no self inflicted bullet in her head?
your insight is ahead of the curve. thank you for sharing.
he was trump supporter. he was wearing a trump 2016 shirt. figures.
you r being dropped from twitter.
microsoft's loftis on xbox gaming and scorpio via
house might get mad if you tweet positive stuff phil
10 am game no chance lol
anything possible
congratulations &amp; tiffany!
beautiful picture. congrads on getting a new &amp; beautiful sister-in-law. hope they have a wonderful life together.
one tweet. it's simpler to navigate. things are just much more clear. the library of stuff makes sense.
the icons are intense for my liking but it's clearer which they've needed. color is meh.
spending my 18th with my best friend in nyc &amp; seeing neil degrasse tyson was amaaaaazing.
the met, american museum of natural history, &amp; chillin' in the subway (and kissing a neanderthal, of course).
we'll its not the footage because that's available on youtube already. maybe it was the music. what song did you use?
i used something good from sound of music
i think i just vomited in my mouth a bit.
you asked for it, punk
game has been cancelled. waiting for info.
football game tomorrow at 3pm in perry, ny.
who's glenn lol 28 hours in the house stranger things have happens this yr vic voted out 3 times
ha never know !!! !!!
works in tokyo and seattle
it's difficult to unwind cause and effect &amp; twitter tough forum to dive into details. but i'll take a quick stab:
i was looking for the area where the event was going on and couldn't find it so i asked this white man that got his face painted
as soon as i walked up to him i realized my mistake. lol so i still asked. "hey, looks like you're here for the okayafrica event"
do you mean the staff or the actual students?
both?? lmao
you still have never answered my question. i think bringing jobs back to america is very important.
yeah the outsources jobs for his own companies why would we be any different?
which jaina proudmoore is the most magical? you decide:
none of them. this is the best one.
i've been spending as little amounts of money on ga's as possible and still trying to make you guys happy -a
you could take a break catch up on whatever save up and your real followers won't be mad they love y'all
do you mean the staff or the actual students?
but mostly some students
amazing waterfall
thanks dear friend
oh...my.....god! he doesn't even try to hide his racism....this is stunning and vile.
an we have people voting for this scum
and the authors fail to distinguish when animals cease to have rights. do ants have rights? if so, are they less than dogs?
teach them devils marcus!
people love dumb shit... look at all the reality shows of fat kids or dancing moms or pseudo celebrity housewives. smdh
best thing to come out of that show is mellisa rouch eventually getting her own movie and getting naked.
really this is about singing, rapping and allowing students to create their own stuff, app not required, but makes it easier.
i'm having hard time doing things that aren't supported by ss classroom ts too, run out of time, not sure can get ts on board
"don't ask for permission to quit your job."
"but, you never know. even single non-technical co-founders with no network to us and a rough idea should apply to ."
good point!
you can die and still return ask fish mooney!!
honestly i didn't think of it but yeah probably
we done fucked up but i ain't sorry
took me a solid minute to pry this out of my window cause i bite my fingernails get fucked, rapid results tutoring
i don't care if i'm considered a "litterbug," but that shit hit mach 3 after i pulled it from my window. fucking sleaze cards.
it's child proof
it may be, but the play doesn't care who makes it
houston police arrest vice news reporter outside donald trump campaign event-dallas news
omg love it
you start with your clothes bro
start with your bong and toothpaste
thanks here is a direct link to my first piskel (pixel) sprite so fun and adds creativity to cs projects
v cool. looking forward to using it with my students so they can make their own sprites easily.
i'm making a valid comparison between the genders, sorry you have a small mind and can't comprehend the point i'm making
or maybe i just don't wanna hear anything from you
hit the lower? you tryna dance with the devil?
you not off til mad late - what's the drinks like at ya job?
stopping illegal immigration, helping our vets, defeating isis. all very important to me
he talks shit about vets! saying they stole from iraq! fam is all war vets. so you're lung to yourself.
matty bovan/fashion east ss17.
razorgirl, probably works outta the redmond barrens
here's something the mainstream media would never show.
- regrettably, some ppl have a price!
seriously though. why would you not center the track pad?
it's centered with respect to the keyboard, ignoring the numpad, which is where you will hold your hands while typing
if you can read this...send wine.
red or white?
microsoft's loftis on xbox gaming and scorpio via
great to hear! can't wait for the monster, scorpio!
it's here!!
god bless the big phone
sorry i haven't been on vox for a bit, pretty busy weeks, busy w/tech integration part of my job
i got the collaboration time i wanted, but it was in addition to, not instead of, super busy, little prep time, or tech int time
downtown is where the action is
not in the summer downtown disney gayyyy
have a great performance
and just 10 or 9 days till my birthday
for no other reason than i'm 40 soon and thinking about my influences. i've been very lucky to have uncles like &amp; .
you're about to be forty!!!??? that must mean about to be .........
i can tell jas is drunk from the very first text
well when the first text back is nutthing mch u? i would assume so lol
my uncle offered free tickets so uh
im rattled omg have so much fun
as soon as i walked up to him i realized my mistake. lol so i still asked. "hey, looks like you're here for the okayafrica event"
he said "yea, the artist's name sounds similar to mine so i thought i'd come check it out." at this point i'm confused like...
then your fucked lmao
lmaooooo i hate u guys
the world trade centre under construction, 1971.
remember it quite well.
he thinks they designed a plane crash to kill just 1 passenger to hide obama's birthplace. he's crazy &amp; i know crazy
do bad the trumpsters don't know he's crazy. unfortunately they believe every word of of the liars mouth
i have to "order" 216. i wasn't really into it before. now totally disinterested.
if u call them and bitch them out and threaten to leave, they'll give it to you free for 3months
see chance to run against falcons. via
tx1000 we have family in alabam
story of our lives
will we ever get our lives together? stay tuned to find out
bullying and dividing like calling millions of americans "deplorable"
you support a racist... how is that not depolarable? you shouldn't even call yourself american.
my man, never stops.
and we are thankful! miss you guys i need to get there soon!! if i could just move ct out of the way!
i feel like they just stapled nouns together here until they had a clickable hed
i don't even know what it means
i freakin' will, don't laugh at me
it's just a bug,
most def not having a normal college experience lol unless usually watching anime alone in ur room counts
what anime are you currently watching?
lamar jackson said he threw the football 100 yards in high school. here's the video, goal line to goal line
you wanted to know what his arm looked like
falen and jojo is coming over
there married
tbvfh...most fashion designers + marjority of the fashion industry is trash + racist af.
calling out the shows where you believe no one spoke out on their racist antics doesn't mean we didn't, just means you're uninformed .
god bless the big phone
at first i was like "naw, that's too big!" now i can't live without it
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
shes a pulitzer prize winning political writer-the most respected on the planet-ur an illiterate cement mixer
he said "yea, the artist's name sounds similar to mine so i thought i'd come check it out." at this point i'm confused like...
so you don't even know why you have this face painting on your face nor did you care to ask what this person was putting on you?
what a time we live in that they can get a camera and a mic so far up a man's ass.
- you are so right. guess i'll be meeting you in the reeducation camp.
how many of you guys are in nyc tonight?
around 40 +
. great divider almost done desicrating sacred office of president. torturous 8 years. 2save
by far the worst potus ever. it will take years for trump to clean this up but it will be done. trump!!!
when life gives you lemons, go to the salad bar. with grant (at in new york, ny)
y'all doing ok? i know those feels.
is it because, like me, you are an incredibly pissy man?
that's part of it, yeah. i have a gift for taking things personally.
11, and i'm on the 4th episode
gav its my birthday
take care
thanks. i needed that...
the icons are intense for my liking but it's clearer which they've needed. color is meh.
agree with overall sentiment that 10 feels meh. messenger as a bigger platform will be massive move for next ios.
shoot your shot 2016
but not at gorilla or a black kid if your a cop
mashed potatwos
this is the content i signed up for
we won gold in olympic soccer and won gold in blind soccer.
i watched some of the paralympics this week. those athletes are incredible. wow!
funny you say that, cos flocab is actually a great hook to get me into classrooms, universally loved
i bet when i hear ts doing poetry units, i might hook a few
he's never going to answer cuz there isn't one thing that's actually racist.
you don't consider muslims and mexicans apart of this country obvi
works in tokyo and seattle
in tokyo "affordability" doesn't mean housing costs less, it means smaller. much smaller.
get rid of warren bring back chapman
chapman staying a cubbie after they win ws. our pitching is miserable.
this update is piff
nope wrong try again
happy birthday love you beautiful and hope you have a fantastic day
awe thank you so much!! love you
i just spent all my money to get this account back but idc i was focused to get my family back
you should've reported it!!
i just had the softest beef steak i've ever had in my life... softer than gummy candy...
honestly it was too soft to be good, the mushy texture kinda ruined it
today i picked a sunflower bigger than my head
wow where!!
is such a hater
not my fault your food look gross
yup. i'm manitoba likely your health region has a ceo. ontario has a different system.
interesting!
that's my son's middle name - nice
he said wants to take me out. his accent was so strong. arms very nice. his eyes were so blue. heaven lol
i feel deep despair. trump uses &amp; demeans everyone -- including supporters. i saw it every day for 18 months. america doesn't seem to care.
don't despair tony, we r all working hard. trump will not become president. good will prevail. hang in there
happy birthday son wiz u all d happiness in d world, xo proud of u godblessualwaysweloveu
hbd!!! be young and just enjoy life, celebrate your special day and thank the lord
ryan brothers laugh it up at clemson game a day after greg roman firing.
tweedle dee and tweedle dum
started reading the food lab. super interesting book about the science of cooking! sounds lame i know, but it's actually pretty neat
try the oven roasted potatoes! life changing.
hope everyone had a great baturday for
absolutely!! how can you not have fun with this guy??
calling out the shows where you believe no one spoke out on their racist antics doesn't mean we didn't, just means you're uninformed .
marc jacobs just like many others prove not only is racism alive and well inthe fashion industry, with his "i don't see color" statement
this is the biggest bullshit news story! we care very much about her fake "pneumonia" she is unhealthy &amp; unfit to be potus!
is a narcissist sociopath &amp; that's incurable! better think before you cast your ballot for him
sure! whenever you want!
cool! let's grab a drink at 9:30ish tonight. pick the place and i'll meet you there.
my grandma is suggesting i pay for my furniture and lighting like excuse the fuck out of me
like yeah i work and have a job and an income etc but how much more does my mom make? literally 3x my hourly wage, more even
i've never been so excited for nachos
i miss mexican food
hillary supporters savagely beat an elementary school mascot while screaming "racist" and "nazi" for being a frog.
omg her supporters suck so bad
baseone - ft kayswitch on live from nyc
brand new tune
i cancelled all my meetings, but unlike you i have release time can lurk in ts class and then be like "i've got an app for that"
i do have a little but tech issues and tech int and planning and figuring out how to use all the cool tech i just got
i never understood why the slang 'america's little brown brother' referred to the philippines. weren't there always brown people in america?
back when the term was used, "america" was a concept embodied by "columbia," a female figure &amp; uncle sam," a male figure.
. poll: americans trust to make our economy great again!
seems people just don't know &gt;&gt;
i have to admit i agree on usability. but completely tasteless on typography and proportion of elements.
yea so agree with that. they made things so clear but over all typography is
that's part of it, yeah. i have a gift for taking things personally.
but i'm also trying to imagine where she's from, to walk down a block like this and say, meh
tbvfh...most fashion designers + marjority of the fashion industry is trash + racist af.
marc jacobs just like many others prove not only is racism alive and well inthe fashion industry, with his "i don't see color" statement
luckily trump, unlike clinton, is a model of health and physical fitness.
he said on tv when he looks in the mirror he sees a man of 35
does a moscow mule taste good? wondering if i should try it tonight.
absolutely...they're delicious! try one of these if you need some mule pointers:
honestly this stream is just so crisp that i really have to just watch warcraft out of respect
i'm gonna learn about the orc and human war, y'all, don't worry
how long till you're 37 birthday
boi this better be bait
one of the things duke championed, and trump undoubtedly supports, is replacing the u.s. constitution
trump is just too stupid
back when the term was used, "america" was a concept embodied by "columbia," a female figure &amp; uncle sam," a male figure.
sort of like how brittania was a female figure as well for great britain.
this song is like danny elfman movie theme music. listen to you &amp; i by iu on .
if you haven't stumbled upon the new paradigm of the ios 10 music app, the now playing screen scrolls up to show next songs &amp; down for tabs.
like yeah i work and have a job and an income etc but how much more does my mom make? literally 3x my hourly wage, more even
i understand that making me pay for things "shows me the value of money and to be responsible" but that's bullshit
trump voters don't care about trump's lies because fox news and right wing talk radio have brainwashed them
. - what's the saying abt " u can throw enuff _ _ _ _ agnst the wall &amp;some of it's bound2stick. that's what fox does 24/7!
happy birthday have a great one
thank you!! sorry just saw this!
i miss my stitches bitches
i miss you all so much
a bridge and an ending. wig flew. who wants to take a trip to space with me? me
funny u posted this. this has literally been stuck in my head all day.
yea so agree with that. they made things so clear but over all typography is
that being said for me the ease of use it now has is far more valuable then it looking good.
i thoguht it is very similar in concepts?
concepts != using it.
illegal immigrants are not a part of this country.
that's total bullshit. if you're here, you're an immigrant. unless you're native american are you?
"you can't spell all without all"
wtf kind of wedding are you at...?
only took about 5 years, but i finally got that follow back from
haha i thought i was following you.
shouldn't be a question young lady, go enjoy !
i am. thursday. he's already called me lol.
was it worth it tho?? lol
oh of course. thank you for the birthday wishes
honestly it was too soft to be good, the mushy texture kinda ruined it
the feel of my teeth just cutting thru it like melted butter upon each chew was really cool tho, just coulda been a bit more firm
hey lido is dormammu 's most powerfull villian? (i dont know all of them, but hoping he shows up in the movie)
dormammu is strange's premiere villain as power level amog his foes is difficult to quantify
it must be rough to go through life knowing that every woman who slept with you, was thinking of someone else.
must be tough going through life as a complete asshole
i'm hungry someone come with me to get food
heard the fakes
if you haven't stumbled upon the new paradigm of the ios 10 music app, the now playing screen scrolls up to show next songs &amp; down for tabs.
and you don't have to actually pull down from the arrow near the top. you can drag down from the album art, too.
i don't enjoy hate &amp; lies pls leave me out
yes tell me about it. hillary is incredible lier!
it's definitely not a bug, more like bigfoot
prolly looks like one though if i had to guess,
i say this as an nd hater: deshone kizer doesn't deserve that fate
i'm insanely supportive of the current browns rebuild tbh. if haslam can restrain himself these guys can do it. closest model i 1/
they've raised hundreds of millions of dollars of campaign cash and been paid tens of millions in speaking fees...but u knew that
all you have to do is look at the tax return from cf to see how much money they made. geezus
dormammu is strange's premiere villain as power level amog his foes is difficult to quantify
dormammu will most likely be involved from afar but i doubt he'll be the main bad guy, little too complicated
tbvfh...most fashion designers + marjority of the fashion industry is trash + racist af.
he made it blatantly clear he don't give a fuck about black people or people of color.
and you don't have to actually pull down from the arrow near the top. you can drag down from the album art, too.
...which is good, because if you pull down from too near the top, you'll get the notifications instead.
he thinks they designed a plane crash to kill just 1 passenger to hide obama's birthplace. he's crazy &amp; i know crazy
-what a coincidence! she was miraculously killed eight others, unfortunately lived.
gigantic heard in . wtf was that?
heard that too ... hear the fire trucks now
ketchup story!?
nope. my stab at lovecraft. then ketchup, then back to the novel.
can y'all followers get a load of this tweet?supporting trump who's biggest accomplishment with women is raping them
don't forget children!
so lince dorado will be on raw.
i follow lince dorado he gets hired by wwe and put in the cwd
but where though
wherever it is you go, you don't call me so i have no idea;) i've been digging long branch this year.
big explosion near 23rd &amp; 6th in nyc. anyone know anything?
i heard something. not sure what it was 20th and 7th
lmao wtf they're just boots i ask because idk if it's cold enough yet
oh idk i'm in my air condition room so i'm brick lol.
so you don't even know why you have this face painting on your face nor did you care to ask what this person was putting on you?
i've always known white folks liked "culture" but you don't quite grasp it until you experience it first hand.
immigrants r separated into two categories legal and illegal. basic immigration 101
lol how about the time the govt sued him for not renting to black ppl!
today was a tremendous day for me at the dealership, i sold a 2016 golf r, and made $1200 commission! very proud of myself. feeling blessed.
sold another car on top of that today!
i'm told that they are so historic that no museum was willing to take them
. i'd prefer that we preserve/restore van ness's historic heritage of transit in the median.
deport illegals now
unless you are native american aka mexican you aren't from here either. how about you stop screwing it up with your stupidity?
this is a disaster
*thees ees a deesaster
you guys treat me like a used condom, all drawn out and used to shit- judy lee 2k16
who the fuck is judy lee?
faxes and pagers. indicators you're a healthcare professional!
true, but at least we are slowly getting rid of the pagers. you can still invest in a fax company and make money!
do you even understand polls? i guarantee you have never been contacted to participate. people like you hold up human progress.
people like me, hrc down in almost all battleground polls as well as national polls, keep your liberal head in sand asshole
"hey everyone mocking me for saying i'm oppressed, i can't hear you over me buying things you can't afford, tata for now" -
the cringe! it it too much to take!
i have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. i do not want donald trump to be their president.
we hear loud &amp; clear and we don't want as potus either!
oh no what happened to the santa ray
he got a new whip
this shit is spooky tho. the other day i pulled up to my office and it's like "you left your car at this location at work"
i don't wanna upgrade. i like it the way it is right now lol. i will eventually
y'all: "wish guys would ask u on real dates in person" y'all when a guy asks u out in person: *freaks out n turns him down, tweets about it*
y'all: "why am i single? guys suck none of them are nice" y'all when a nice guy talks 2 u: *screenshots it and makes fun of him*
i say this as an nd hater: deshone kizer doesn't deserve that fate
see is the way seattle was built. yes, you have to find your qb but first you need to build a team. doing it from ground up 2/2
so lince dorado will be on raw.
i unfollow punk and he gets embarrassed.
immigrants r separated into two categories legal and illegal. basic immigration 101
saying mexicans immigrants are rapist and murderers!
do i want to write these papers tonight or play video games like a responsible adult?
. video games &gt; writing papers. (i'm probably not helping am i? lol)
she could have been talking about a completely different block she saw earlier that day.
nah i had seen her go up the block 20 minutes earlier; we'd been there all day. because i am the fucking ambassador of the block
yesssss porsche. link. i'm bout to take a nap. wake up at 10.
i'm in wburg already - i'll see you later
unexpectedly quiet/ free evening; i could write in my journal, read a book, take a bath... or do what i haven't had time to do in months...
look up people i strenuously dislike on facebook and see what they've been up to!
she is for campaign reform &amp; will bring it about. right now she has to work in the system
campaign reform?that's almost as funny as saying she's for universal healthcare.and by funny i mean batshit crazy.
white people publicly complaining about their phone upgrades dot tumblr dot com
white people making jokes about white people dot tumbler dot com
he got a fendi belt on his basketball shorts though
this is so funny laugh every time
doesn't practically hide which websites you're looking at a large portion (majority?) of the time. you can still monitor the ips.
and dns, no? host is sent over plaintext iirc
you have your make up on? lol
no just my regular self waiting at the cashier register as if i'm invisible
in tokyo "affordability" doesn't mean housing costs less, it means smaller. much smaller.
using apples to apples tokyo among most expensive cities in world. shrinking japanese pop is keeping it out of 1st.
i have a friend in a very difficult situation at the hospital. if you can please put her in your prayers. it would mean a lot to me
prayers for your friend!!
back when the term was used, "america" was a concept embodied by "columbia," a female figure &amp; uncle sam," a male figure.
check out uncle sam's adopted children, incl. 2 infants named "malagasy" &amp; "corean" by f. graetz
rt my pinned tweet and i'll dm u idk a random pic from my camera roll sure why not
will you really
i've just spent 10min trying to buy a ticket on the website. failed. what a horrible broken mess.
the worst. have completely switched over to for my moviegoing.
packing for full week of , , fpa san diego, &amp; ! time to break out all the blue shirts!
i said to one of my partners at that you even branded your outfit. this clip made my night!
i wish i had good records (or at least the desire to look through what i have) to see how many teams i've seen in 30 years of going to games
...but i suspect tomorrow is my first time seeing the outside of spring training. with the , i'm mostly an nl guy.
who doesn't care about sick hillary's health???? where are all these people? you lie! we all care! neurological disorders!
hillary is healthy but trump is seriously mentally ill plus, overweight, doesn't exercise, takes heart meds.
i will say he originally didn't want any part but then the asshole politicians convinced him further.
it fits, i mean i actually like us agent specifically because of his structure of being easily swayed by his jingoism
nah you still climbing fences
always brutha. never stops. it's sine. groceries.
just imagine the repercussions if the syrian air force had bombed and killed 62 us soldiers in the us.....
they were not able to intercept? may have been a test
finale is already out?
oh, there's more. that last episode was fucking fantastic
shout out to fergie
tonight's gonna be a good night
a lady tried to sell me a bible today so i turned to her and said "not even jesus can save me"
i believe it
i actually always meant to come back to jfc (that acronym) because the pilot seemed wonderfully weird
it never really came together or made sense but i liked how unapologetically weird &amp; hard to unravel it was.
people who agree with rogoff should read the comments here and see what normal people think.
when i emailed rogoff i told him the commenters were saying they were choosing civil liberty over safety.
what is in the soul of a forger? a liar, certainly, like the soul of a plagiarist. but also, a humility. an urge to disappear into your art
if anyone's interesting, here's an essay/lecture i gave on jewish forgeries
hey ann-marie, thanks for following me!
ty to you as well, patrick!
it fits, i mean i actually like us agent specifically because of his structure of being easily swayed by his jingoism
he's sort of like bizarro (sometimes) in that he wants to be a superhero but he's got a lot of personal problems what make it hard
darron lee is off to a great start. contained tyrod really well on (flag was against ):
guy is fast
i understand that making me pay for things "shows me the value of money and to be responsible" but that's bullshit
idk i just don't agree w it, especially since i have no college fund and no savings
when you look at a tv and notice the nice client who came in yesterday and tipped 100% is actually the goalkeeper for the timbers
i'm so so so excited to see my best friend next weekend i could honestly cry
meek opened with has never opened with less than 150k pls .
people aren't buying albums like they did 4 years ago look at ross's old numbers next to new ones
what trump just did is a disgrace.
doesn't matter what he did. that's the platform: "oh no, trump!!"
boy go get on that drop of doom
boi i'm waiting rn to get on.
what does 'exame' mean in this context? de acordo com informaes da exame. anyone know?
exame is the leading business publication in brazil. magazines with the same title are also published in portugal and angola.
so how is speaking different than another job.
it's not the speaking. it's the people who are paying her to speak and what they want in return 4 $.
curious..how long does it take to go from there 2 home? must be exhausting..a trip like that. good 2 b home
as i remember it was about 15-20hours just in plane. but i think they go over the north pole now so about 10h
i kind of love that show. no more hbo to see finale tho
damn girl, i don't have many needs in life but hbogo is def one of them.
oh please, don't try to pull that garbage. we aren't living in 1492 anymore. there are procedures for immigrating.
1492 america wasn't a country. not to be a dick but do you know what year this is?
holy shit look at this roll (using a wand of magic missle at level 6)
pretty much all my other rolls tonight have been garbage so i guess this makes up for it
you come across a minority woman in the desert. she's lying on her back and seems to be in distress....
what's a minority?
quinnipiac has johnson at 13% nationally. i wrestle with whether he should be in debates:
it'll be another distraction.
do you have any haitian roots? my name is mario arboite and i am from haiti. do you know jacques jiha?
not haitian, 'tho i have visited twice and love jacmel!
.'s defense is playing well, but ul left four points on the board due to missed kicks. still leading. usa 7 ul 9 halftime
brand new tune
if anyone's interesting, here's an essay/lecture i gave on jewish forgeries
*interested. but it is true that only the interesting will read it
some of you people are sounding like the problematic as fuck 2008 hillary supporters.
but it's also hard to say that ppl won't support hillary based on policies when johnson is the one getting their vote
his spells flames of faltine, so wouldnt strange be more powerfull in that he can use the same power as dormammu?
nah, see strange isn't using their power he's invoking the principalities, the collection of names that inform his spells
hillary is getting a trailblazer award from the black congressional congress. obama will speak about birtherism. u have me tonight ugh
well, at least we can be sure we won't see lewandowski tonight!!
shaman 1: spirit claws shaman 2: tunnel trogg shaman 1: roll spell power totem. "that's incredible!" this is how games are decided
i've already been on both sides of this and the people complaining about yogg have no idea. this is a billion times more swingy
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
lol!!' this is really laughable. you are going to sue because they are telling the truth.
yeah i think the finale is this sunday
they should have one more night of also.
i haven't eaten today yet
you could eat uhh..
"we're seeing more and more zika cases inside the united states, they've refused to fund our efforts" -:
obama lies, and the democrats are trying to make themselves look good
also i'm really close to another subscriber count milestone!!! (i'd say it but i'm embarrassed by how low it is) so idk tell ur friends idk
sub for sub ya?
anytime trump cries about media he just paid for an article
. - msm's addicted 2 trump's racist bufoonery!
do you even understand polls? i guarantee you have never been contacted to participate. people like you hold up human progress.
i understand the higher # is ahead, right?? please move away when trump is potus!!
women aren't a monolithic group, but i will certainly never know how it feels to be a woman, that's true.
it shocks me you think it is okay for you to tell women they must be okay being naked with strangers with penises.
nah, see strange isn't using their power he's invoking the principalities, the collection of names that inform his spells
he's not using dormammu's powers with flames of the faltine, he's using a fraction of the faltine energy
using apples to apples tokyo among most expensive cities in world. shrinking japanese pop is keeping it out of 1st.
as for seattle prices are climbing rapidly. low prices may have been a lagging indicator.
disgustingly sexist: top related twitter searches katie ledecky hairline katie ledecky michael phelps katie ledecky teeth katie ledecky ugly
sexist? women are saying the shit also dumb ass sjws smh
it never really came together or made sense but i liked how unapologetically weird &amp; hard to unravel it was.
i just saw the sarah connor chronicles showrunner go on a rant about how much tv writing over-relies on exposition &amp; doesn't trust..
netflix and chill more like netflix and sit in a corner eating spaghetti by myself
i would share spaghetti with you and watch anime the whole day if i could and live near you
holy s&amp;*$. sound of huge explosion here in nyc, just now heard in chelsea. tons of police sirens.
what's the latest? smoke?
i've already decided that video games is the responsible choice. i can write in the morning.
. there you have it. proud of you.
some of you people are sounding like the problematic as fuck 2008 hillary supporters.
so the condescension isn't helpful, but neither is the idea that every bernie voter is an issues voter
big explosion in did anyone else hear it?
what did you see?
anyone else just feel a massive explosion in manhattan? chelsea, near my apt - 23rd and 7th.
yea i was on 6th ave and 23rd with wife and daughters... ran like hell up 6th avenue
notably missing is recursion, an important aspect of human language. good progress though. will inspire more research.
i thought recursion was a cs derived concept, so my mind just esploded, happily :)
was on 23rd and broadway just now and heard a massive explosion. cops and sirens all rushing toward chelsea...
what do you see now?
wow. a geo filter just for me
i heard your wife left you. i'm so sorry it was so soon.
who knows maybe that shady dr @ shady hills is behind it. i have a theory the doctors @ clinic
i've always thought that. it's not called shady hills for nothing.
did someone say "double-header"?! from starts now
want more ?! + have you covered...
the failing has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
the ny times has hated hillary for years, idiot.
do not grow fond of your social masters.
do not grow fond of your social masters... rather seek your own sm path to success
we've been taxiing so long i think we're just driving back to dc. in a plane. i'd check your rear view mirrors if you're on i-95 south.
...not there yet eh?! guess it's better to taxi on dc tarmac than circle over manhattan for 3 hrs :-(
his cretin followers are worse. trump is a psychopath who probably has alzheimer's. genetic flaws.
he is definitely bad news
people who agree with rogoff should read the comments here and see what normal people think.
if wants to phase out the $100 bill "over 20 years", he should sit tight. the fed will nuke it anyway.
65' - mena has been absolutely dreadful this match.
as bad as the ref?
punk is dead. blame the squares.
never more apt
i played with legos and never once built what was on the box. did anyone?
same here, mostly
great piece in about expanding opportunities
great article?pls educate yourself on deleterious consequences of big govt.but for military;service=private sector
to republicans in congress:
to democrats the black voters do not believe ur lies anymore
did they define "disruption?"
not that i saw but will check.
large boom heard in . anyone have info on what it was?
just heard that too! no idea!
however,, the furniture does
life is but one big play
if you did mlb at the ballpark all youd have easy way of keeping track from now on.
i do that now. unless i forget. it's the trips to yankee stadium in the late 80s that are most of the missing data.
oh ya that makes more sence.
like how he can use the crimson bonds of cyttorak but that doesn't make him as strong as juggernaut
i see what that lil time in jail turned you into pussy.... ain't been livin in la but a month &amp;...
you gone to far now bigs*lennox voice*
when i was 13 i only listened to reggaeton and obsessively wore abercrombie &amp; fitch polos
we were the same person at 13
i want to do something that's considered reckless and i want to do it with you
just say when, beautiful.
"i may not be politically correct.. i am patriotically correct" ~ donald trump
why didn't we think of this months ago. we are all hereby patriotically correct!
when your autocorrect changes "have" to "babe" idgi why omg
yeah why??
i actually love you.
how will we consummate this love ?
i feel like there's two type of women in the world. patrick dempsey women and colin firth women.
clearly the right answer is always firth
omg that explosion knocked us out of our seats on my friends terrace in
what was that?!
nestle pays only $524 to extract 27,000,000 gallons of california drinking water
oh, but surely they pay their fair share in taxes ...right...no transnational loopholes for them. &amp; of course they don't lobby
christian mccaffrey catches a 56-yard td and the cardinal take a 7-0 lead.
ur kidding me right
as for seattle prices are climbing rapidly. low prices may have been a lagging indicator.
don't have a strong opinion here. housing is complex! but i'm skeptical luxury housing does much for affordability.
be resourceful.
wow trump quotes really?!
dique "we?" like she doesn't know how shit works..
deadass. is she new here? smfh
i have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. i do not want donald trump to be their president.
attention i'm still hoping to sway you lol
flying down to atl, sick as hell w/ food poisoning, i wanted 2 die. but knowing how hard the team worked &amp; loyal the artist is, i man'd up
hang in there! feel better
.'s defense is playing well, but ul left four points on the board due to missed kicks. still leading. usa 7 ul 9 halftime
brand new tune
we were the same person at 13
except i couldn't afford abercrombie &amp; fitch so mine were just from jc penney's
what would be the evolution of destruction for fun?
i'm not sure but "the evolution of the destruction of fun," would be a fantastic band name.
there are some women who have murdered &amp; raped people. does that mean we should discriminate against all women? no.
do youunderstand that women are afraid of being hurt by strange men all the time because men are big, strong, scary?
does anyone have a whole bottle of tylenol i can swallow?
i have something else you can swallow
it's not a moba but it's got elements. it doesn't feel like battleborn
i'm watching now. this looks amazing.
i favorited this a while ago but i seen it again and had to say it bro
you a real one , thanks for checking
russia's accusation that the us is "defending " following strike not accidental, fuels existing mideast conspiracy theory
. it's not gonna be a "conspiracy theory" for much longer.
: b/d l trains are running with delays, due to a train with a passenger injury at montrose av. allow additional travel time.
is this why i'm sitting on an l at 8th ave, waiting to depart? been here at least 10mins.
it's a sunset on summer, time for a booze cruise with my stevie!
yeah, having a good time
"funny story, it was the 70's.. me, jfk and cd(chris daughtry) were hanging out"
"no, it was the 70's no one was playing guitar" -my bf
wtf was that? explosion two blocks away from our dinner
where was it?
it's not about the age when the record is set, it's about how long it lasts.
sure, it just feels a little similar to when expansion teams boast "franchise records" when usl itself is 6 years old
"a frog in her throat" by
2 bad the frog in her throat didn't make hillary croak!
analysts see 70% chance of dec fed hike
same "analysts" see the fed in business in 2017.
are you practicing a new start method for a pontoon entry
haha yeah i'm going for the surprise entry!
i know these were black exploitation films but they were really, really good!
hell yes. coffy is outstanding.
i have learned the past week that u don't eat after five to one
ha ha exceptional circumstances
found something "worse" than my crocs
my crocs are amazing
i just saw the sarah connor chronicles showrunner go on a rant about how much tv writing over-relies on exposition &amp; doesn't trust..
the audience. i feel like david milch is one of those writers that never spellled anything out for better (deadwood) or worse. :)
understandable there. i can see why he can be interesting. he does for me. just that i can't deny that this is scary.
i mean, walker is defined by always making the wrong decision due to his willingness to believe in easy answers &amp; broad symbols
everyday. swung through the halls to get to lunch
when i used to leave through the gym cause they really thought i was gonna walk a mile from the cafe like a slave
oh wait this greenpeace commercial slammed lego for its brand partnership with shell oil, and it worked
lego's brand partners are good watch "lego: everything is not awesome" on
. in action!
yes, sorry, couldn't find george's twitter handle. great work!!!
i mean, walker is defined by always making the wrong decision due to his willingness to believe in easy answers &amp; broad symbols
so yeah, he's not someone we should try to emulate
it may seem like a long time when you're thinking about it but once your in the room it will fly by.
you always know what to say, thank you!
i logged back onto ascbl twitter to wish a happy happy birthday wooo
you have no clue how much this honors me. hope you're loving college
germany u have to rise, america, austria rise up protect our girls kick the muslim out
they must stand up for their land, their people, their ethnicity, and their future!
about to have a chicken nugget party
what time is it
my crocs are amazing
this is awful
do it for the white boys!
white men still can't jump tho
commemorating 25 years of ukraine's independence in nyc, sec albright quotes taras shevchenko and thomas jefferson
albright, as a student read about russia's ivan the terrible, now wonders how history will remember russia's leader: putin the worst?
people who agree with rogoff should read the comments here and see what normal people think.
you are totally right. he is the dark lord.
please, share this video w/ younger people in your life. we don't want another national embarrassment.
no blacks for birther kkk no latinos for wall. no female for end of pp
stop going for two!!!
right? turns out it cost them the game
breaking news in berkeley. a fire at university and shattuck.
is this affecting the hotel shattuck plaza?
then you try to buy a key for to test it out and they send you an already bought key wtf
that's definitely not what we do! not sure what happened. will try to figure it out. may need to wait til monday though...sorry!
sorry i've been the absolute worst at tweeting so please enjoy this of our boy
also: irrelevant but i fly back to manila in a coupla so same timezones (+ admin search and giveaway )
i'm told that they are so historic that no museum was willing to take them
just freaking move them to another street. recycle, reuse, preserve heritage and all that.
not much new in the case
you have a crisis on the offensive and defensive line! the talent level has fallen off. it's fatal rt
what won't?
you thinking the colts will win.
this is so messed up but at the same time it feels true. credit goes to darkgargo from tumblr.
yo that is so fking messed up
iphone7 launch day 's here to support our customers !
brian is awesome!!! we miss him in norcal!!
"one word extinguisher" was an incredible study aide for my mathematics degree. grad school for what?
: life. i apparently never learned.
if our router and your netgear stopped working at the same time something may have damaged both. any power issues?^jra
the fios support guy said there was an update when everything was disconnected from the router. then we had an issue where
are there any big shoots after in the next month i should be at? contemplating gear exchange needs. nothing comes to mind
jrad, mmw, electric beethoven, bca, and some phish shows.
saying mexicans immigrants are rapist and murderers!
lol how about this do you believe in climate change?
my next workshop. rewrite your story. los angeles. oct 1&amp;2.
i wish i were in la so i could take the leap!
there are some women who have murdered &amp; raped people. does that mean we should discriminate against all women? no.
male bodies feel threatening to women because they are big and dangerous. that's reality, not prejudice.
i spent 30 minutes in dior making them go back and forth getting things for me to try on in my size
i got the sales associates personal number and everything to put this $5,000 jacket on hold
i miss how skinny i used to be
bro you're stilll hot af and skinny lol
stay away from that red meat bro shit k
you eat chinese food
.'s defense is playing well, but ul left four points on the board due to missed kicks. still leading. usa 7 ul 9 halftime
brand new tune
got so much cute jewelry today
i love your look
i was about to make a sandwich, then i realized there's no bread...
there was half on the bathroom floor this morning
except i couldn't afford abercrombie &amp; fitch so mine were just from jc penney's
girl this was that a&amp;f w a goat as the design instead of a moose that my mom bought me in bulk @ sum warehouse in honduras
to celebrate , here's a reminder that one of the most badass things batman ever did was in batman beyond.
also, to kick batman v superman while it's so very very down, having a history to the exosuit is better than having it appear out of nowhere
look at this queen enjoying her meal
they served her food, she served them looks
my eyes look scary
who's that in the middle tho
if our router and your netgear stopped working at the same time something may have damaged both. any power issues?^jra
half the devices connected back to the router and others didn't. he deemed it was the router. the new one he sent connects
wendle w/ the sac fly rbi! semien comes into score! now lead 4-0!
yu does not like the a's!
pineapples belong on pizza ju herd
send the addy
"spicy bo" - i now have a name for that hot smell some people have.
the men's room in my office has that smell sometimes. gah.
i still think fsu is a top 5 team just had a terrible game against a good team
lie again they booty
great talk mackey! very inspirational!
thanks for the support!
msu relying on pure bs and their defense to win this game lol
forcing a fumble is pure bs?
here are 5 numbers that mattered this week | getty
the democrats are so with out integrity and moral, all they want to do is keep black voters down
girl this was that a&amp;f w a goat as the design instead of a moose that my mom bought me in bulk @ sum warehouse in honduras
no one knew the difference tho so i still fit in with the cool kids ya know
trump says he knew ronald reagan well. ronald reagan's son says he didn't know him at all.
-of course, jesus christ stayed in one of trump's hotels, he probably has the pillow case to rival the cloth of turin
great talking with you yesterday! safe travels back to ny!
definitely. good luck with everything and thank you!
if our router and your netgear stopped working at the same time something may have damaged both. any power issues?^jra
to everyrhing except the extender. i had no problems with the extender b4 the update :(
washington post casts some doubt on prospect of veto override for 9/11 lawsuit bill
washington post is owned by obama admin..
you clearly have not researched that case in depth.
i just gave you examples. keep that ignorance strong my friend!
here's my video w/ new &amp; cyborg
your new camera. but the colors seem a bit desaturated than usual. also noticed this
the block is being closed off it's west 23rd betw 6th and 7th ave
any smoke/fire?
nobody can lift like hairy jania!
the writer is clearly biased and only choosing the jainas they find most attractive.
trump won't prove he pay any taxes but he wants us to pay to deport 11 million people who'd love to pay them.
they already pay taxes. sales tax.ss and income tax withheld if they use a fake ss number. and never get a refund. local payroll tax
our job sprawls in every direction, no doubt, but it's b/c tech is outside the traditional silos that make up school
+ at my school, feel tech is another thing that gets thrown at the wall, to see if it sticks, to solve our many problems
i moved out in 2003. i have the luxury of living in switzerland and watching your trash can fire of an election.
stay there asswipe and fuck off,
yall this is the best ice cream i have ever eaten
i want it so bad now
no, &amp; nobody is proposing discrimination against women here (i would strongly oppose that). your comment is a non-sequitur.
if you have an argument with someone who is much larger and stronger than you, it's not a fair fight. do you get it?
yeah that's cool! just wanted to know if you wanted it or if i had to try to sell it to some random person
no need to interact with a rando hahaha i'll take it!! thanks homie
definitely. i do appreciate the recent issue of sam-cap made a point about that.
incidentally, the best us agent moment has to be in omega flight where he's the us liaison to the team
ryon healy, who began season at midland, was following along as the rockhounds won third straight title last night:
healy is a likeable dude...perhaps the good time vibes in o-town have returned! (still need a closer!!)
were playing tomorrow 2:30! dont miss it.
its so cool that you have a talking dog! :)
also what an extreme situation. like, she had every right to be upset with him
what's the value on these sf houses in 2016? why did her boss interrupt her design meeting?!
last night
free the nipple
my kids don't think it's so cool when i follow them...but my 13 y/old is reading bastiat.
neither do mine, but it is part of the mom job description bastiat, wow! impressive for 13!
i miss staying the night at house on saturday night bc every sunday her dad made or brought us breakfast before church
you can come stay with me and we can continue doing that
meant some girls on the road and they followed us to the gas station so you know i had to ask if they were going to the concert
i spotted their parking permits for the jc
happy birthday i love you so incredibly much and miss you more than anything have a fab day
glad i made the cut, miss you both sm
"i hate the texture of vegetable....be done with vegetable for the day" no wonder america loves him
rise and grind vegetables
this is a free country as long as trump runs it
i'm serious? how is it free paying for a wall you don't want? not making millionaires pay their fair share?
the way to remedy donald trump's treatment of the press is to simply stop covering him. he's using the press as staff anyway. cut him off.
boycott all trump rallies!
c) he would of took over the team first game and bullied everyone... d) he'll beat up mr.wilson
i can't with y'all! haha fam!!!
if our router and your netgear stopped working at the same time something may have damaged both. any power issues?^jra
besides being mad that the update messed up the extender. i don't even know what to buy that will def work withtherouternow
oh wow. what does that include?
disneyland prices went up so that, both dances, ball, asb, great america &amp; i think that's it
"when it comes to the qualifications we should demand in a president...we need someone who's going to take this job seriously." -
like you "husband"?
oh i bet dude. i see ny is treating you good that's straight make it alive for dubfire bih!
ohhh shit i just remembered about that ! fuck now i can't wait to be back in miami
oh shit this is gonna be very mw isn't it?
carlos junior is the posterboy for "very mw"
the mets have really experienced the full spectrum of mid-season acquisition quality over the last two years.
had they been reversed i'm pretty sure some folks would be unemployed.
thanks for being there and making it special!
. u know my dogs always give me attitude when i come back home late &amp; smelling like cas :)
no, &amp; nobody is proposing discrimination against women here (i would strongly oppose that). your comment is a non-sequitur.
and if you have someone who now can silence you as well, you are completely disadvantaged. you have no voice.
proud of my team today. rebounded from losing a game we shouldn't to get a big 1-0 win against a d1 program
courtesy of my rbi walk
vice news reporter arrested outside a donald trump campaign event | vice news
time for to repeat the segment covering trump's casino in dubai. folks need to know how badly he treats his workers.
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
they should sue your sorry ass. but they hate hillary too. a 24 year long witch hunt.
tonight court 7pm!
great turnout tonight! congrats, mike!
i made it to nyc and it sounds like a huge bomb just went off a few blocks from where i'm standing. there are police everywhere.
where are you
"convention over configuration" means you're trading readability, discoverability, and ease of learning for typing speed and "prettyness"
there are problems, but it sounds like you hate rails' "magic all the things" more than "convention over configuration".
this would be lit idc idc
im hip. like a cultures all over the place and shit.
are you planning a cve-2016-3862 poc release after presentation?
there will be a lot of files which can cause crashes, though likely none for full rce :)
look how rogoff thinks - he's totally submissive
that was a particularly appalling interview. these guys are out to get us, and i don't think they even realize it.
history suggests that one group should be wary of bayer's $56 billion deal for monsanto: bayer's stockholders.
and so many topics are born, from saying and in the same breath
we can't tweet or fact check away america's support of trump. i don't know what to do other than ask/beg anyone i meet to not vote for him.
good luck with that
trump used his status as gop nominee friday to make $ on his new hotel but, like much else, his party is unbothered
you have absolutely no one to blame but yourself.
is it just me? or does every academic, when they move, have a little over half a ton of books? and that's not hyperbole. i'm doing the math.
seems low. do you even read, bruh?
what's the value on these sf houses in 2016? why did her boss interrupt her design meeting?!
this divorce court &amp; custody case decision is like the origin story for every mra out there.
major factor going into first debate: trump has never been in 1 on 1 debate
so was marco and ted.....
the worst thing about gossip girl is that lily kept taking her husbands' names. like girl, you know those names are expendable!
can't imagine the logistical nightmares she must've had with all those names
balancing w one foot on the edge of the bed to snap my jack look in this hotel mirror
is this spongebob?
it's disgusting that this happened to you and your bf, but plz know that's not the typical trump supporter. 1/2
it's not all of trump supporters, but it's a significant percentage.
surprised there isn't a vcr beneath the screen.
says the princess getting flown across the world... for free
fam fav here too!
stupid autocorrect..bacon wrapped crab legs,
i mean...it's been years since i've seen it, even today the animation is gorgeous.
right? i maintain colors of the wind is one of the most well colored, blended, &amp; animated musical numbers in disney canon
but your facts are not accurate in that case which shows your ignorance of it
like what do you want? if i send you news articles all you read them or just dismiss them as liberal bs?
syria says isis advancing after us bombs its army base, killing at least 62 soldiers. this is the kind of "accident" that starts world wars
sounds like an accident...us military is known for blowing up shit by accident...how many drone "accidents"..by design
indeed steve, time for a would-be sith lord to step out of the shadows, a little lol! dig the photo of me too?
that is you in a empire hoodie. very nice.
also i'm really close to another subscriber count milestone!!! (i'd say it but i'm embarrassed by how low it is) so idk tell ur friends idk
there's a kid in my college english class and his name is andrew
it's funny (sad) how many things my family does that i never noticed until recently. fat shaming, slut shaming, jokes about lgbtq+. ugh.
this is true for almost every family, you are not alone
trump's dad began showing signs of alzheimers when he was donald's age. some people are saying he's starting to exhibit signs now.
- don't know abt alzheimers, but u can tell something's mentally off with him!
mexico is paying for the wall
lmao how? you're silly and that's great.
i'm at miller's meat maven in castro valley
ummm what is that exactly?
still can't replicate my old sas rep measures mixed ancova's in r
going to answer, but knew dave would ask me 2 code it up too
either i'm weird or youtube needs to fix their shit
got this too but actually interesting for some reason
no, &amp; nobody is proposing discrimination against women here (i would strongly oppose that). your comment is a non-sequitur.
so now women can be completely physically bullied in the bathroom and then socially bullied by men like you.
so this is beyonc.
and this is me at her concert tonight
trump isn't just breaking from america's political norms. he's making a mockery of them. my sunday story &gt;&gt;
and of the press
show ? awesome, glad you liked it! thanks for sharing with others! much appreciated!
no, it was show about misophonia!! so funny! and, i stand corrected...ohio show last night was td for me! :)
i seen one of yo niggas that went to st here he said he knew you bob and tev and all them like whaaaat
palmer? lol i need to know now
i'd really like to be able to come home after work to like 20 people in my house shotgunning beers and handing me one as i walk in
like coming home to a shit hole apartment with a fat shithole old man of a roommate can bum a kid out.
like coming home to a shit hole apartment with a fat shithole old man of a roommate can bum a kid out.
i really don't want to talk about middle eastern politics with you on a saturday night. thanks.
still unsure of what's happening in , explosion over ten minutes ago. what's happening?
looks like 23rd is closed between 6th and 7th aves
. distorts clinton's immigration position in pitch to grieving families | ap
hillary lies to black voters and keep them down, democrats want to be ruler
"rich vein of data" and "holy fuckola" are the best phrases ever
:d jess you comin to velocity next week?
did ancient cows who had not yet seen a human have a seti equivalent? did they say: "maybe there's another intelligent species we can find?"
our definition of consciousness is defined by our own awareness... maybe biased?
: b/d l trains are running with delays, due to a train with a passenger injury at montrose av. allow additional travel time.
...15 minutes...
i need some of those cups! moscow mules are awesome in them....i like to substitute jack or wild turkey 101 for vodka too
w/a core of limes, ice &amp; ginger beer, u can go many ways my friend! cheers &amp; let us know when ur ready!
nice. i'm taking a break from the novel myself. going to try and write a chicago story while in chicago.
bring me back a deep dish pizza.
.'s defense is playing well, but ul left four points on the board due to missed kicks. still leading. usa 7 ul 9 halftime
excellent tune life
why when ppl get a bunch of followers do they think they're hot shit &amp; can talk down to ppl? i have 1.8mil on my other acc &amp; i'd never lmao
you're the best
electing that silly-wigged, orange-skinned, buffoon as president would be a total disaster!!!
hey wait. beaker the muppet was created that way. he cannot help his orange skin.
here's a good explanation of the backstory via the ny times.
i like this better than my theory.
colors of the wind is one of the most well animated dc musical sequences
the best animated dc musical sequence is still probably hellfire
hundreds gather at 23rd/6th nyc explosion
can cbs new york use this picture with credit?
it's disgusting that this happened to you and your bf, but plz know that's not the typical trump supporter. 1/2
trump's values &amp; policies are why these type of people support him.
. we out here representing!
yasss! trojans baby &gt; hahaha
joanna what's happening?
someone hacked jiyong's private ig and now all his photos are on the web. he deleted it now....
wtf is happening? people are saying scaffolding fell but seems like there's smoke
it wasnt scaffolding. i was on the street. idk what it was. it sure as hell seemed like an explosion.
yeah lol my nigga leel was a factor known everywhere
im weak, that nigga known worldwide lol
hi this is vicki from cbs news. would you have pics/vids of this we can use? we will credit you. thank you!
not going any closer. sorry.
happy bday thanks for always reminding me how awkward i am!
thanks ashlie!
i'm at the farm lmao good way to be back in north cal
dude wtf i hate u. why no invite smh
from what lol?
the fantasy baseball shit, you be all over to make this baseball/coaching money with me
let me know if you find out what is was, in a resto on 23rd + 7th
have you heard the explosion?
absolutely stunning!!
thank you!!!!
5 hours. 28 overdoses. 2 deaths. the day "all hell broke loose" in one west virginia town
because that what democrats want, so the the can rule
thats so tragic omfg
she didn't even try to hide it
when shell down come on in a fete
get off of twitter (via first born)
"how do you take your coffee?" "in the face."
makes me think "coffee, tea, or me?" tho that doesn't really apply
haha it's a classic
it relee is
it's a good way to "try" games you want to play. but some, if not a lot of hosts are very bro-tastic and douchey.
ah, i call them walkthroughs. i'm old school i guess
playing at the clinton auditorium was so nostalgic - it was the first place i ever sang in public. what an incredible night. so much love
great concert! our whole family loved it!
i have studied this case in depth. not read a news article about it. have you or did u just read a nyt piece
lol that's not the only news available to new yorkers. should i send them or you're not gunna read them?
is the extender the net gear? ^fem
very sorry, i called the router net gear. it is not. i have a verizon router. the net gear is the extender my apologies
lets play. a host on youtube plays through a game. it's the only way i can get through horror games. lol
awe. i love horror games!
trump received a massive inheritance &amp; $885m in tax breaks. why does he still stiff contractors and scam war widows?
because he's nothing but a conman!!
even if reporters do start calling trump out on his lies, it won't matter to his voters.
the same "voters" have to be registered and find their way to the polls on 11/8. that's a tall order.
no, &amp; nobody is proposing discrimination against women here (i would strongly oppose that). your comment is a non-sequitur.
so you, with your male advantage of cultural power heap more misery on vulnerable, bullied women, and for what?
..... i was deleted.. lol
i don't know what happened!
my cute lil cyt shirt came
twinning!!!!
i tweet this all the time but im tryna goto dr and be in the field like not in a resort i wanna be out here lmaooo
don't do that, it's dangerous if you're not from there or you're not with people that live there
if you don't want to make plans because something better might come along, it's cool. that's the story of my life. its really okay.
just tell me like "i'm trying to get this girl back to my apartment before 10 so i can get another one here at 2"
it all looked good!
at least autocorrect did say it was bacon wrapped"crack" legs.
has the look of "hey now i wonder how far i can go"
yup. he's a sweetheart. very friendly
forget scribe let's talk cassandra
ugh, and then we all played along when they did it again with thrift... twice.
we're the only people under 70 at our table
tell me more about tina greenberg
fdny responding to reported explosion/noise around 23rd street area in chelsea.
can cbs 2 use this video with credit?
are you going to do one last amourshipping discussion after xy&amp;z ends?
of course, part 4 is the finale.
i'm sorry but what the frak is happening with thornton's beard? we're not in playoff mode any more. you lost. shave that nasty thing.
this is what he's going for
brought any special domestic drinks with you?
just a bottle of whiskey for the guy who filled in for me. my luggage was super stuffed
this is your daily reminder that white chocolate is not real chocolate. it is just sugar and milk fat particles.
never liked white chocolate. dark, then milk, then nothing. vegetables.
or you guys can just move back and we can continue to do that
if that option was available, i would jump on that
and so the district season begins with opening night. and date night with
gorgeous!!!!!!!!!
this divorce court &amp; custody case decision is like the origin story for every mra out there.
this "voices" montage is out of control. did they not have enough dialogue to fill out this movie?
long before kaepernick's protest, this native american teen sat out pledge of allegiance
so allowed too
yeah kariem was like baffled when i told him we had recess in the parking lot
at least we all know the lords prayer!
the conspiracy is real: italians control the media.
that's actually funny. so is donald, but the joke is on the media.
isla bella by the orishas got me all levels of fucked up
that shit is so beautiful, murder me slowly to that song.
does everyone have to audition or just new members?
everyone will be re-auditioning:)
oops. i sent a handmade gift to the rodgers on 8/30. does this mean won't get it?
we are still going to theater.
wayne we had a couple of cogent back and forth. heres one more. i just dont get this? i am sorry? i consider myself a smart&gt;
baseball man who played and coached for the better part of 25 yrs. tc is not a good mgr &amp; this narrative that hes a possible&gt;
okay that's fire
very! snyder always shares amazing photos. we'll see how the actual movie turns out lol
wash window.
i'll relay the message to my friend thanks
ole miss a pretender, alabama the only playoff contender in the sec
you watching the tigers?
batman day shouldn't just be about the dark knight. it should be also about his legacy &amp; batfamily. batgirl, red hood, nightwing, robin, etc
maybe next year
bouta take the a from bway junction in bk all the way to 125 st... the things i do for food.
are you going to dino bbq?
meowth will spread the word and make sure that per his wishes mike pence is never called vice president.
i do wishes too.
see you soon :))
stunningggggg
the american dream is a pyramid scheme
preachhhhhhhh
that is a good one!
thank you for your endorsement. :)
the acela corridor runs through pennsylvania. i'm only half joking.
is montgomery county really that different from franklin county?
no, &amp; nobody is proposing discrimination against women here (i would strongly oppose that). your comment is a non-sequitur.
women have a reputation for being the most giving of all communities. if we're withholding, try being curious.
baseball man who played and coached for the better part of 25 yrs. tc is not a good mgr &amp; this narrative that hes a possible&gt;
mgr of the yr candidate is baffling. 3wks ago he was on a slow boat to china. he makes some head scratching moves. says some
our reporter was arrested today outside a trump event - for doing his job
doesn't the hotel manager or houston police have any common sense? have we lost our minds this election cycle??
an airplane did not hit the pentagon it was a missile
so, was it a missile that hit the wtcs?
you are blessed. congrats. my mom died a few months before my parents' 35th. we miss her terribly but cherish the memories.
. so sorry.
cool, that was early on ... we are on show 19!
right. i've listened to them all. you had asked before which one was my favorite one...it was definitely ! :)
trump distorts clinton's immigration position in pitch to grieving families | ap photo
why can't you say trump is a liar
batman day shouldn't just be about the dark knight. it should be also about his legacy &amp; batfamily. batgirl, red hood, nightwing, robin, etc
maybe next year
of you are offering
just as soon as i get clm-ed to work without errors
2 timothy 1:7 for god has not given us a spirit of timidity, but of power, love, and self-control.
4 you did not receive the spirit of bondage again 2 fear, but u received the spirit of adopt. ...we cry out "abba father."
respectfully disagree. the "expert" about a patient's health is the clinician-patient team.
as long as it's a team and the patient has equal seat at the table
everyone's must for @ new york,...
which is your favorite shoe trend?
oh he tweeted this to quickie and didn't like what i said to him.
fuck him he can apparently dish it but not take it
keep it coming, i'll show you how much i want to win. i'll show you how much i want this class to be great
i know people do what they want, but i'm surprised it happened in a religious school
you said moi (me). i said toi (you). lennon said women are the 'niggers' of the world. the same idea?
hillary never made it as a "woman," &amp; not even close to john lennon's *nigger* of the world!
bless you '90s disney, it wasn't called a renaissance for nothin' folks
honestly i think lion king &amp; beauty and the beast are some of the weaker '90s disney flicks
is being spiritually abused a thing? i actually believe someone can be spiritually abused by their spiritual leaders
it's a thing, and it's really sad
turkey's islamic fashion revolution
that's an oxymoron. like your paperbthe moron times.
mgr of the yr candidate is baffling. 3wks ago he was on a slow boat to china. he makes some head scratching moves. says some
really awful things like the jay horwitz comment. he thinks hes won here and has collateral. he does not.. even when this&gt;
hi brian never met you but heard great things about you. here is me with your mate steve. malaga. hh
small world mate!
will run trump's ass thru the wringer on this issue at first debate
we'll watch together. be here. sending positive vibes. gotta find them first. kisses!
no, &amp; nobody is proposing discrimination against women here (i would strongly oppose that). your comment is a non-sequitur.
instead of judging, try learning. think a different way. imagine what life might be like from women's point of view.
so youtube autoplay is suggesting me 'sad songs for broken heart'. clearly means they equate melody to melancholy
it's the millennial bug. youtube clearly has no appreciation for sahir.
this is so me omg help me i can't stop laughing omg
i just got a cramp from laughing too hard at this meme help
the highlight of my day was when this 18-yr-old kid came up to me asking me to watch her poem and critic it for her. i was like wow!
i did not have the guts to approach ppl at that age, still don't .2, what a hustla for trying to better her craft.3 fearless
feeling out of the loop here.
i have no idea what's happening gang.
it's that time again - let us know which bands you want to see in 2017! |
i'm a female but i love that there's an option for non-binary people
if millennials are the deciding factor in the election, why didn't you want to be our nominee?
also, since doesn't look at data before snarking: we support hrc more than any other age group.
will run trump's ass thru the wringer on this issue at first debate
how are the dogs?
i thought coates said that this run isn't tied to cw.
no but i saying as a character she might be not inclined 2
the proof of why women live longer then men
not much longer...in any case...all must suffer &amp; perish ... who says living past 70 was a great idea anyway ?
so, a woman in chicago, who never had a job, has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). these kids will never work. trouble!
i would trust any of her 9 kids with the presidency before i'd trust you.
tomorrow on , chris wallace speaks to george clooney and john prendergast; tune in at 2p &amp; 10p et!
cloonie a liberal loser
fox news poll: trust to do a better job on economy.
10-60 in manhattan. reported ied explosion with multiple injuries
hennything's possible tonight
u cant handle that stop fronting
setting sail on the ss "you're not my dad"
is this yr holy mountain look
what's the furthest you've gotten before you noticed there was a pair of underwear in a leg of the jeans you were wearing?
on stage in high school theater class, acting out a scene with the senior i had a crush on. they came out of my damned leg
go see snowden! our gov't is entrenched with lies &amp; corruption. they will do anything to defeat trump. he's an outsider- they will not allow
screw the orange clown and the hell with that snowdick traitor. i'm very happy he isn't here and will never come back.
the daily mail shamed chelsea clinton for missing her daughter's first day of school:
who's business is it, but chelsea
ahh okay. i didn't see that flick
reservoir dogs as well as so many others
this is samin. im tight mona is going to italy next semester w/o me. rt if u feel me :/
say in sha allah wth lmfaoaooaoaoaoa
happy birthday miles! i miss you back here in cali but i'm proud to see you strive for greatness
love and miss you sis
in reuters track showing clinton +4: she leads w/minorities/moderates/women/over $75k; he leads w/whites/men/avid churchgoers/older voters
amazing how ignorant churchgoers support child rapist, philanderer who insulted the pope. where's their morals?
she got the d
i bet this was quite the awkward conversation between you two. :-p
i went to upgrade my phone to the 6s and left with the 7 for $6/month and a free ipad mini. oops.
ahhh apple gives a better deal :(
don't think it's gonna matter. nicole didn't get to know the jury members. part 3 is how they answer questions
nicole will know the jury
what did he do?
there's videos of him beating up this guy/people wearing supreme lol. he's anti supreme or something.
at 23 and 7 manhattan and felt a "boom" / explosion. heard nothing following that but everyone is wondering what happened.
looks like a lot of people are wondering
really awful things like the jay horwitz comment. he thinks hes won here and has collateral. he does not.. even when this&gt;
team was healthy they have underachieved. the guy just apparently can do no wrong &amp; hes like a supreme crt jstce, job 4 life
i thought coates said that this run isn't tied to cw.
just like how cage isn't with the ultimates right now
i play this one shooter on pc. and lobby with my 3 online friends and one is a girl and she never talks in game, only over skype
i honestly don't blame her
from trump swapping his old lie for his new lie, to my ex narrating his wall falling, this looks like one bad movie:
i know you sold, but if trumps name makes you so sick, why would u have bought an property-
check out 's blog!
check it out her
trump went to flint to draw attention to the city's lead poisoning crisis-but he just made a spectacle of himself.
he's nothing but a low life unfit to be potus
&gt;pepe &gt;white nationalist he's green.
it's not easy being green. but easy being called a racist when you are a cartoon.
the things we do for money...
$60k each tho.
i know what a play station is. i had a ps2 for a long time. ps4 is better tho obvi
what games did u have
walt...i guess u were not in the study??? lol
if i wasn't retired, i'd agree with that study.they can't nap or eat whenever they get tired or hungry- usually in reverse order
think this girl like this nigga i just need them to be happy together
who, smh dm me
yes baby i don't need acceptance from a man to justify my existence. you know me
i know but unexpected rehection can still unnerve anyone
we're gonna be doing a meet up in la...which means i get to see you guys!!
so close to me, yet so far away. why must i be such a damn introvert.
everyone is either at riot fest or at chain fest and here i am drawing a wagon and watching arabic cooking shows with teta.
what are you going to cook? i'm gonna go see head wound city in a bit
fox news poll: trust to do a better job on economy.
23rd st 6th to 7th ave
flames me and cuffs my former researcher on same day. birth of a new conspiracy theory?
. media is learning.. we reap what we sow.
best song-to-animated sequence from '90s disney flicks:
little mermaid - part of your world ties with poor unfortunate souls aladdin - friend like me, easily lion king - be prepared
i keep swiping and it is pressing the button instead!
yeah. it's rough.
making buckwheat ravioli! and they're so cute! it works! *celebratory tweet*
omg this is really cute
happy birthday to the biggest bitch boy to walk this earth
liam happy birthday brother did u get a rolls royce. lol
there are people hurt
can you send me photos? what extent of injuries?
val is the worst on gbbo
i'm shook at how she's still in the competition
is now nyhc comics 115 main street dobbs ferry ny,10522
we had a blast. thank you. loved it
you said moi (me). i said toi (you). lennon said women are the 'niggers' of the world. the same idea?
is the epitome of the machine politricks that dominates &amp; !
we might pull it out for the tour.
when can we expect an intense rock covering jb's love yourself
"just a pinch of spices"....lord.
it's so awful
when people talk, listen completely. most people never listen. ernest hemingway
seriously a good one ernest!
christopher reeve
grazie. my favorite hero. was a great photograph
great knife. too bad the animatronic doesn't carve pumpkins
oh yeah. and this michael myers isn't even in the haunted house at lemo's but rather next to the homemade pumpkin pie concession. wat.
did you see the music video?
there's a music video im not ready
man chill on me, you ain't ask smh
and its my bday tomorrow!! how rudeee
nah fk that its for mypark , pro am, ect
yea my career to get ya guy up and bring him in the park to whoop ppl from different states
clinton foundation donor sues u.s. government over leaked visa denial
all the democrats lie
new york is hot and ugly, with the public services of a plucky third world nation. but it somehow manages to pull it off.
but beneath the surface there is a kind of wonderful, chaotic efficiency about the place
i think ima gonna be a head pastalogista ina five years
ho ho! high hopes! that's good to hear. very good! i think that about concludes this year's evaluation, any questions for me?
he's pretty heady on social issues.
that is great to see in a child today
what happened?
not sure. not going closer. on 22nd and 7th when *it happened.
it depends on the light situation, if the light is good, system will switch to it.
huh? what's the point then, if it's gonna just use digital zoom?
little mermaid - part of your world ties with poor unfortunate souls aladdin - friend like me, easily lion king - be prepared
hunchback - hellfire pocahontas - colors of the wind mulan- all of them!
i really have no memory of any of this, but this is great.
just made a parallel from this movie to true lies. #
in speech tonight at congressional black caucus awards dinner, obama expected to urge action to stop trump.
he should be urging aboting hillarious clingon. what a sap.
decided to watch the high maintenance web series before checking out the hbo series. uh, it's actually perfect. i'm obsessed.
some of the best video storytelling ever. beautiful.
i did not have the guts to approach ppl at that age, still don't .2, what a hustla for trying to better her craft.3 fearless
then she said, oh i published a book i was like yea, you're gonna go far with this type of hustle.she smiled.i'm so happy for her
lazersnake fans, pissed off all w/big
best soundtrack ever!
i think i belong in nyc
i've been telling you to move up here haha you have a good sense of fashion so i think you do belong up here
. longexposure photo captures marin co in river of fog v
amazing! love sf fog!
new snow white story: she eats a poison pomegranate
that's exactly what i told my mom
yeah about 2 months ago &amp; lol yeah right, some people act like fucking children
literally this same number messaged me about a or almost 2 month
i have ~20 gb left on my 256 (aftermarket upgrade) ssd and my wife ha 11 gb. we both use icloud photo library.
i'm pretty sure icloud library doesn't get backed up to your computer. i could be wrong.
my moms worried.. lol but trust me they aren't going to fight bc i won't let her
and btw their cousins
fo sho shawty!!
i am short tho huh
8:01 pm est: bro in a prov college rugby polo, already too drunk to stand, hitting on our table. didn't i leave new england to avoid this?
the blacked out pc group just had an intense ending to their pong game and tossed a pitcher of beer everywhere. ....youths
someone threw a pen at me today for carding them lmao i hate my life
are you serious?!
very scary. what was it?
no word yet, but have been told it might be a gas explosion. no fire visible.
update: i think i just got the job god is great
told you it would happen
this is odd -- an unauthorized person on the road bed?
we call them trespassers in these parts
+ he can get through it, it'll make him worry more if his lovely fans are worried too :( stay strong for him
thank you honey
hi, i'm with abc news. are these your photos? can we use it on all platforms and partners with credit to you?
yes, they're mine and go ahead
happy birthday to my beautiful mother love you always
love miss u. wish u were here
roses are red corn on the cob
why am i just now seeing this thread darth? i am dying. lol
poor leadership has stifled the american people's potential. wants an america that's strong &amp; free.
u all be crazy greedy not for u.s.
22nd/23rd and 6th
some on twitter are saying it might have been a gas explosion!
were those the pages you posted earlier?
nah that's from the thunderbolts tie-in to siege, omega flight was more like-
sorry i cant talk to someone who thinks wearing condoms goes against nature
if the woman is black-out drunk, what are the odds that she'd even notice the absence of a condom?
lol no you stated your opinion not a fact. move on bud
lol you guys have been talking and arguing with each other i thought you're on the same team?
trump's such a baby. has been disproportionately tough on hillary, imo, yet he's complaining abt the paper
these must be the stories that have pissed off trump tonight. he's such a thin-skinned baby.
twitter hooked ya girl up with a bunch fancy balloons because it's my born day!!
happy birthday feliz cumpleano beautiful
i was by 23rd and 6th ave. i'm halfway to brooklyn now.
haha oh half way. why bk
another fake profile smh these bitches so annoying. my only instagram:
if u follow any of my catfish accounts ur dumb af and getting blocked
only people she'll know are those who came to talk to her while she was in bed with corey
we will see paul was pretty busy talking crap about others actually james talked to all hgs on a personal level
in the crib and i swear if it wasn't for my unlimited range of movies and tv shows through this app... i would probably be mad about it.
which app.
no. many shades of no.
or maybe he has a fetish and he likes it when they pull his beard
anyone trying to see flume on thursday?
i'm going thursday!
new yorkers are lucky to be able to vote for clinton on the line and get the best of both worlds.
wfc endorsed cuomo, they're useless!
the men i hang with are decidedly less hardcore than i am. except jim.
hardcore jim
: s/b 1 trains are running express from 72 st to 42 st, train with an unruly passenger at 72 st. allow additional travel time.
"unruly." interesting choice of words. i always opt for additional travel time when faced with "unruly." doesn't everyone?
on average, how many times per episode has michael scofield looked aside and said ominously "we leave tonight"?
many many times!
where ya at????
new york brah. glad it took you all season to show up.
i am w/ cbs news. may we please use your video for a story &amp; all news platforms, including web, int'l &amp; affiliates w/credit?
yes, definitely
send 'em some love and encouragement for the days ahead!
i love this such a great idea
this is scary
still searching for coverage.
btselem israel information center human rights occupied territories: statisitcs
btselem says these were palestinian civilians. lets see what mike thinks.
the breezy's are back in ! what a fun weekend! love my hubby !
you both are great looking. have a fun saturday. nice legs joe
he's like the colours of the american flag lmao
there's so many alternate designs
maybe it has something to do with today's date
omg of course! you were right! happy birthday
shepard is a must play this week against the saints rookie cbs
yea i was gonna keep him in there
if the woman is black-out drunk, what are the odds that she'd even notice the absence of a condom?
if man doesn't think of putting condom on, then the chances are that drunk sex will occur w/out a condom.
if she wasn't the rudest person i've ever met, than i wouldn't say shit to her. if she didn't talk down to people either
i can dig it. we all make our opinions based on our experiences. i like her. lots of callers make it in radio, and she is one.
a2) all these lovely people:
thank you. let's keep speaking up
explosion in chelsea.
i felt the shake in madison sq park. wow. thx for info
oh my god this song is 3 years old
(saying this in a way that i can't believe it's already that old)
oh dang i didn't know y'all were playing tonight!
we pinged you in slack!
the blacked out pc group just had an intense ending to their pong game and tossed a pitcher of beer everywhere. ....youths
(one of the pitt alumni here definitely did not just scream "you wanna talk big east mf'ers?! i remember my first pong win!" nope. def not.)
see, when i call my sister ursula that's not an insult, that's how she sees herself
the school she works at is doing a disney villain thing with the teachers for halloween and she jumped at ursula
if and me do a sprechen sie fussball on the next ep, i think we'll use the word arbeitsverweigerung 1/2
:((( this werder nonsense isnt funny anymore, even to me...
actual words said by me: did you really wake me up to talk about meth hookers?
who the hell are you sleeping with!?
enough of this already bruce is horrific. conforto is worse then that. nimmo is 10x worse then that.
this is hilarious
indian govt must be ashamed to talk about baluchistan while 10s of separatist movements are on going in india since decades.
okay, this is pure exaggeration. there are no "10s" of separatist movements.
its only a 5 hour drive
ain't nobody tryna do that!
smh they have nothing better to do with their lives
haters gon hate right!
dont whant you to know about trial 11/28/2016
trump could be found guilty of child rape during oct. 14th trial so he may be in prison by nov. 28th.
that's where my friend's place is lol. oh, btw i'm in new york. don't say i never told ya
haha what part of bk
so good, and i watched it twice.
yeah, i was pleasantly surprised.
right? it makes no sense
she's gonna win
he's barely better than tda right now and that's with tda's power completely disappearing.
he's 10x better defensively. if d'arnaud can't hit he's completely pointless.
the devil whispers "you can't withstand the storm" the warrior replies "i am the storm"
that. lip. color. fuck. me. up.
trump distorts clinton's immigration position in pitch to grieving families | ap photo
i doudt that democrat lover
cops and fire engine sirens all over chelsea - a bomb or ied device just went off at 23rd and 6th avenue. no word on injuries.
fbi now on the scene. tons of ambulances en route. still no word on injuries.
can't wait for class!
we did had some network issues but i hope children did enjoy it.
in today's paper... my friend was sent home from work for wearing a jersey. and he broke no rules!
that is so wrong people need to educate them self's on kaepernicks true message i support kaep 100%
: b/d l trains are running with delays, due to a train with a passenger injury at montrose av. allow additional travel time.
and there are no e trains!!!!! come on.
trump has just arrived in colorado springs! watch the live stream:
has a better warmup sound track for your growing network!
thank you. did you take these photos, if so can we use it on all abc platforms and partners with credit to you?
took these photos my friend. we are on her terrace on 23rd &amp; 6th. this was possibly an attack and not gas.
got ' 2016-17 season preview in the mail today. they have 3rd in metro. is fifth and 8th.
goes on to predict and will miss the .
good then it's not just me
feels nice to me
also, 7 plus does use both lenses simultaneously to stitch together the best shot. they did not advertise at keynote.
maybe down the line with ai but many years till matches modern mirrorless or dslr
did you really?
yes, i have done it four times. proof from 2012: this year was 18 miles with detours.
baseball is way better btw
but you're both not way better at anything in life at all . so who's the real loser here
- mariaroza ||for more visit
brand new tune
if that's still on the market in three years
i don't hope so for my mom's sake! but in three years she can find you the perfect home!
okay, this is pure exaggeration. there are no "10s" of separatist movements.
india has many faultlines and million mutinies at any point, but they're not all separatist movements.
i love you but the public is busy working for meager wages and trying their damnedest to be 1/2
i know. it's horrible. i work with the assumption of hope for the future. the distant future.
also, 7 plus does use both lenses simultaneously to stitch together the best shot. they did not advertise at keynote.
that feature not yet there.
james doesn't remember very well though. plus he's not competing. paul talked to most of the jury though unlike nicole
will see just trying to keep some faith in james
there's one man who could've saved you, ..
why isn't he playing? is he hurt?
u aint nothing but a clone lol
clone ass niggas
if trump is going to cause the apocalypse, why would you act smug instead of convincing people to vote differently?
this has convinced me to vote for hillary. he did it. his smug dismissal of my concerns has swayed me.
charlize theron
beautiful photograph. have a great saturday night. grazie
awesome meeting you on thursday! already looking forward to your next visit. safe travels.
so great meeting you too! hopefully it will be sooner than later
i just bought a lifted toyota tacoma
doesn't matter how big your dick is, just matters how many times it gets sucked.
radar and abed would have gotten along very well. hawkeye and jeff, too, for that matter. and frank and pierce?
and klinger (before he was a regular) and starburns.
jeez, what's going on over there?
thats all chatter, i seriously doubt its an ied
that's as good as randomization, in many cases.
except when you get to the song that's been featured on 27 separate greatest hits albums.
- mariaroza ||for more visit
brand new tune
tell it to your pals ...they don't even bother trying to appear truthful any longer...best news money can buy!
must be why independent sources rate your pal least truthful candidate in modern history. all con artists eventually get caught.
i'm following this breaking news on twitter, live. tv, press, internet still silent. hope it's nothing.
reporting ied explosion. 7th/23rd
as summer draws to a close, see how hot it was where you live
i call bs! it was hotter in the 1930's
"looking for eve" by: (paul taylor)
so . love this songs cheers 2 all .
you sure? feel like i've seen it confirmed somewhere.
in what context would it do that?
said we should drop out and open a coffee shop over the summer and i've thought about it everyday this semester.
i'm ready when you are.
roglol and still showing there fake flawed polls and lies! just sad!!
should be boycotted!
so when am i gunna find out who it is????
same to you you'll meet him halloween if plans go as planned lol
outstanding fan support again in the stands.
so you heard me huh? :). swear we had as many as penn.2x as many after 3rd.
still months away for me, i can't wait!
def def def worth the wait.
he's definitely better defensively but rivera's such an awful hitter.
agreed but what can you do?
awesome. one of the greats!
super nice guy too
gronk replacements? 12-hour trade targets? wk2 sleepers. i have them all. 10p et/7p pt .
latavious marvin jones or d jackson for por flex
we should leave those hairstyles right where we left them. that's best.
and the uggs and denim skirt combo
sounds like you are made of hardier stuff than us wimpy californians.
i... guess? it honestly didn't feel that cold after i got used to it.
lots of ambulances and sirens following what sounded like an explosion. here at 23rd and 6th in chelsea, .
what happened? you still there?
lol there are still people trying to prove &amp; surprise surprise it's a christian thing
there are salafist muslims who believe this idiocy too.
. strikes out 3 batters in the 6th.
the comeback story behind of the is awesome. great to see him the mound this month! !
is most important to 64% of likely voters via ; trump has 7 pt lead in economy
most fox viewers r dumb &amp; think a man w/chinese &amp; mexican sweatshops wants 2 bring jobs home
ima have couches covered in plastic
u gotta serve exotic now or laters for dessert
i love you but the public is busy working for meager wages and trying their damnedest to be 1/2
i work 90-100 hours a week to pay my bills. basic living expenses. this is unacceptable. and must change.
it definitely gets stronger as you go along
agreed. i couldn't stop thinking high school history report, the musical for the first couple of numbers.
been mentoring my friend. he's got potential to be a great engineer.
tell him to go to a w scholarships
so excited to see in at . perfect rainy day activity!
great movie!! one of my favorites of the year
that joke was already made
blocked and reported
in what context would it do that?
when you slide the zoom up in photos it snaps to other lens after 2x. you can see it if u move slowly and also in the exif data
bigger, bearded dudes with tattoos = my total jam
im a short bearded dude with tattoos.
excuse me excuse me why in the hell your not covering "the black caucus foundation dinner" tonight? dateline? really???
trump already bought em. coming november exclusive trump network
i can't wait to take a similar photo
you'll love it! one of my favorite cities!
iconic beauty michelle pfeiffer
beautiful photograph. amazing beauty and outstanding talent
paul, try the .5 weight tfo fitness
did i read that right? a half wt? or 5wt?
on my to 23d
who's playin give me all names
happy birthday my beautiful fantastic talented sexy gorgeous wife luv u babe blessed with u
so blessed to have u in my life. love u so much
lol!!' this is really laughable. you are going to sue because they are telling the truth.
if a judge found them guilty in your favor, you have him in your pockets and should be removed from the bench.
i like to sneak maverick and goose into all my test contacts and screen shots. milton waddams shows up a lot as well.
no charlie? also, now i'm curious. i mean, who uses staplers anymore?
huge boom from 23rd st, heard maybe a building collapsed
are you near the area?
he asked for some of my noodles, i said "uhhh no" and he got all mad so i'm like??? ok here have some.. and now he's all "no i dnt want it"
dude me and vanessa had a fight like this w mchickens, and they were thrown at each other lmfao
from here ill let the music speak. as you were, peace and love to my supporters and true ones. cudder out
ye doe? ye? you can't bite the hand that fed you my nigga. how are you gonna disrespect the man that made your career. be humble
sounds like you are made of hardier stuff than us wimpy californians.
it's definitely possible that i'm just crazy or insensitive to cold water, though.
if i wasn't retired, i'd agree with that study.they can't nap or eat whenever they get tired or hungry- usually in reverse order
you'll understand when you retire/live alone, and have no responsibilities or commitments- ever! get rid of that family!hehe
a new round of state polls shows suddenly has a path to 270 | ap photo
awe and politico can't handle it the democrat lovers
today i watched a lot of soccer and did two crossword puzzles.
proud of you
catch one of our shirts yet this year at ? and will hook ya up.
my hubby caught one for me a few months ago. the wait is finally over !!!
lol so why not get just ice cream ? lol difficult
cause then i don't get the spoooon
free self-defense classes for women at roberto clemente state park with
wish that had this is brooklyn!
thanks rob i will let u know if i get to see the show at those times. sorry to be a pain
not a pain at all. unpredictability lengthy of football causes chaos in fall schedules so all shows run late this time of yr
bitch how u gone do me dirty like that hahaha
i'm sorry i'm sorry i couldn't cut you out you're part of my memory now
- mariaroza ||for more visit
brand new tune
lmao yes it was except u haven't physically seen me in years
lolol you're right
nah this joint had me weak
they playing game
the one i sent you comes in black and you can take the wrist strap off. i like 9 card slots for sure!
not bad, i'm looking more like this
yes. how do you see pasta being used by this department in line with the company's current goals on a global scale?
well, our primary goal over the next year is to bring our pasta makers up to scale with the industry standards. lotsa pasta!
it's s beautiful pls watfh it
fuck this is going to be emotional
ied - ied or is that code for something that doesn't originate in afghanistan.
improvised explosive device (ied)
hi, hope you are safe. is this your video of the incident in chelsea? may fox news and all platforms use with credit?
yes, definitely
hearing about the explosion in chelsea. praying all my friends and colleagues are safe.
my block! apt shook
i can only guess why wasn't here today
close but not yet!
explosion on 23rd &amp; 7th in nyc. some tweets say ied/bomb, some say gas line, some say injuries. stay safe everyone
scary no matter the cause makes me thankful i'm in a bunker building ha
my hats are now available
ur too gorg,can't explain it, ily =]
what do you see now?
i'm at my hotel watching the news..,
yes, i loved it. more surprisingly, francis loved it as well. he had the most skeptical look on his face when it began.
during intermission, francis asked me, "how do the older people keep up with the faster rap?" it is def an older, very white crowd.
but sounds like something is happening. eek.
its new york shit is always happening
it's an iud terrorist bomb
where you hear that?
you really like the year 1492 huh :/ shows your expansion of knowledge other than columbus! wow!
lol you said it friend. you think america was a country 1492. you're hilarious.
lmfao so stupid like i don't even know what to say when he does this
it was a waste of time arguing true
i love batman in batman &amp; the outsiders because the outsiders appear to kill a dude and bats is all "ha, ha! sometimes that happens!"
"oh my god! did...did i just kill him!?" "hey, i won't tell if you don't- drinks in the batcave!"
chaos. just root for chaos.
good call. but not okie st. v. central michigan type chaos . . . any other chaos . . . yes, please.
someone tell me what a 10-60 is
it literally means "major emergency response"
so, this is how the other half live! shocked by the straightness of my hair but kinda liking it...
omg you look so different. i love it it's amazing . your still look beautiful as always
all tablets short of the ipad two will fit an eyedirect. (the latest and largest does not fit.) cheers
so i'm good with an ipad mini. thanks
hi there. did you take this photo? if so, could use it for our coverage, with credit to you? thank you!
i did, and yes you can. please inform me when you do. thank you.
new in-wall homekit switches from cleverly hide the apple pairing code in the device. thoughtful detail.
we call them luggage tags in the networking/computer industry :)
where's the cheapest place i can get my daughters ipad screen fixed?
the apple store probably
does anyone doubt that the economy will tank and the stock market will crash if trump is elected president?
we collectively have the power to not let this happen.
we aren't always deciding what is sin and what is holy. what authority do you have to make this determination?
have you sold all your goods and given them to the poor?
to watch mexican quarter horse match races in tijuana?
something like that
i actually might write a whole thing about disney villains and the vital role they played in forming disney's '90s success
like, the reason we talk about "weak villains" now i very much link with disney '90s villains acting as the "boy favorite" of their flicks
you're my butterfly
feelings are mutual
omg this is completely u
i know lmao
lily rhodes-van der woodsen-bass-humphrey-bass is a pain in the ass when it comes to monogramming towels.
enough of a hassle already figuring out if it's vdw or just v
man i haven't read it but i'm hella reading these tweets
ha! downside of events: when delayed they can affect still
ring you tomorrow
love that you two are connected.
. x-ray of my fractured skull looks diff if i collide w/double-prked or 'just stopped' car?
make sure you were wearing a foam hat or it's your fault either way.
ariana grande has some catchy songs. i'm over here like "ain't nobody gonna touch it, touch it!"
hello sandy love - great song . cheers :)
love seeing these awesome folks on the shelves!
aww love this to you!
you mean (ni)cole world
i right sorry
then what is florida gonna be when fsu beats that ass for the 4th year straight?
won't happen at this pace lol
them flavored tootsie rolls are fire tho
except for vanilla. vanilla tootsie rolls are trash
this is some shit i would do lmfao
we bought a fish once...
so when am i gunna find out who it is????
text me right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
in love with the wallpaper ... #...
did you get this wallpaper with the new iphone 7? i can't find any of them on mine!
there is a cricket right outside my window and it is so annoying.
few nights ago there was a cricket that was chirping in my room. the fucker kept me up for hours and i couldn't sleep!!!!!
watch the 4th goal...
just watched the highlights. it's ridiculous what they are doing
title card: alabama jones roll credits on the end of one franchise and the dawn of another.
love it. what if it was zazie beetz instead? georgia jones?
u/d manhattan: west 23 st &amp; 7th ave, nypd calling a level 2 mobilization in regards to an explosive with a building collapse.
sick to my stomach
thanks angela!
. thank you for raising your voice for all those who might feel *invisible*
yeah me neither but i didn't wanna say anything
hate bestowed upon all of your children and their children and theirs
they're making what seems to be grape leaves with lamb. ooo have fun!!!
i want those tbh
isles over the rangers? i think you and i can agree that is unlikely
essentially, thn argues 's defense will be a season-long issue, while ' d "is underrated and among best in east."
thank you! i was really curious, and on livestream so didn't see your presentation
it'll be on youtube at some point!
you played a 15 year old!
that shit aged me
gajeel is slowly becoming my favourite fairy tail character
i've always loved gajeel. how far are you in the series?
giveaway follow me and ends tomorrow 9/18
rts appreciated
yes lol i was so sad for a full hour
i would've thrown it back
thanks hon they found out what it is. i'm going to have to have surgery on my kidneys. but the dr is really nice so
- i am going to pray real hard! love you and everything will be ok!!! have faith!!!
. has at least one pass breakup or int in four straight games
shoulda been opi
maybe because he's an asshole?
i know killay is!
on fifth down (!!!), stepinac's trill williams returns it 70 yards for a stepinacsports @ iona...
officials for this game, in that spot, not knowing the down is inexcusable! go do jv games!
we're sorry that you had a bad experience. please email ddaoheung.com so we can make it right.
clearly u don't care about service. thanks for pretending to take notice
any of the cable nets have the nyc thing yet?
pix11 had on their website
why you salty
hawks made the playoffs 9 consecutive years and counting lol cavs just got back to their winning ways when lebron came back
hamilton has changed who's on the stage but who's in the seats remains largely the same.
yup. but, i will say it was amusing to tell my mom i was going to a broadway show and when she asked me and i answered, she knew...
its a classic; up there with circle of life, i think.
definitely, with hellfire &amp; friend like me completing the top 4
is the best
mumblr bumblr wumblr (thank u )
nyc are canvassing cuz , we have 52 days to make sure our champion wins!
looking good, feeling good.
when you have to skip out on beyonc to be responsible and save money and do homework....
that's a sick shirt!
provide are twisted to fit their narrative.
again... stay ignorant my friend for that is bliss!
translates to "the complete record of jewish wisdom"
history's famous jew henry viii
the original alert i got from the scanner was just for explosion, nothing about building collapse
fd manhattan transmitted the 10-60 for a building explosion
the first rule of ...
i remember when tried to fight in texas! she loves their commission
110 is normal for you.
68 breh, where the hell are you
happy birthday keeks hope you're having a great day
thanks lex
honestly if u underappreciate me, just rmbr this: i got offered tickets to beyonc but i said no bc i already made plans to hang w friends
girl what are your priorities hahahah can't relate
do you know what happened? i live across the street.
i don't know the details. i also live in 23rd st. we heard a big sound like bomb.
not our fault that you're just as police, corporate, and war loving as the gop.
[sigh] you sound like a fukup calling rush limbaugh's show. gore won the election by 335,000, 'n if it weren't for asshole nader..
i agree lol i truly think she wins either way i really really do and that's why people are pressed
yep she wins with either i think more with james
hamilton has changed who's on the stage but who's in the seats remains largely the same.
who lin manuel miranda was and was all proud of herself for knowing. (she's a 60 y/o dominican immigrant.)
. very dubious that data journalism can be accurately applied to as subjective a value as architectural aesthetics and taste.
. now that is a modernist myth. take a look at the article i linked to earlier in this thread:
williamsburg!
ritzy! for how long?
holy sh*t, just heard an in or something. it was loud enough to rattle my windows. what's going on?!
we're trying to follow the story on but they're taking too long
an apartment blew up
can you see the damage?
i knew she would. she smart as hell!! go quisha
i know right i almost cried it's hard af to get in there
"preventing" the unborn
preventing the unborn from doing what?
who's worse?
fsu has superior talent and gave up 63 points today. you tell me.
already beat one sec team 2 is no problem
haha can't even handle the acc
6th ave now closed at 23rd st nyc explosion
heard this all the way on the upper westside. amazingly, still nothing on any tv news source
right next to a housing facility for people with blindness. also, many street vendors and homeless in this area.
oh no that's horrible!
people where losing it on the adorbs installation made for you tonight lady! you have to work together again!
ahh, that's so great to hear! yeah, viv is fantastic and i'm so lucky to have had the opportunity to collab w her!
no i said it to point out how stupid it was of you to try to compare today's immigrants to native americans
you said it try and make me feel stupid because you are insecure. but stay true to who you are ignorance is bliss.
who's worse?
and this ain't the first time charles kelly has established a "worst in fsu history" this season alone.
i'd be happy if the devils improve their offense but finish well out of the playoffs and continue stocking the system
picks to finish 26th overall. thn is concerned about defense corps.
why didn't banks come up with stuff like venmo?
they did in other countries. in the us people stuck to checks.
unpopular opinion, i'm hating what cwii did w/ carol
this extreme reaction was something out of axid
we want to get those lines moving quickly for all our guests. please let us know which store this was and we'll follow up.
bronx, ny 700 exterior avenue. it was 10:30 am
when you wake up from a solid nap to this
girls do this to each other all the time, but as a guy, it's so rare to get compliments. go go ac lauren.
you the one who be knowing about all turn ups i was gonna tell you to hmu whenever i def wanna do something next week though
i'm always last minute let's try next week tho
- mariaroza ||for more visit
brand new tune life
not our fault that you're just as police, corporate, and war loving as the gop.
these people make me sick. the greens and fucking ralph nader blew election 2000, and then it was stolen from gore.
baby rax may he rest in peace lmao
probably flushed him the first day
huh. well, ummm... i was lead to believe that this company was the industry leader in pasta.
yes yes, we absolutely are, however we are a bit behind on the times. our goal is to upgrade our practices to grow further!
we just saw don't breathe. whew... that's a helluva thing.
heard really good things about it. wanna watch the new blair witch too.
reports are coming in that the nyc explosion was a bomb placed in a trash can. awaiting official confirmation.
delete this islamophobia.
title card: alabama jones roll credits on the end of one franchise and the dawn of another.
and let's yadda yadda the mutt stuff. he just dies in a thresher accident. offscreen.
(one of the pitt alumni here definitely did not just scream "you wanna talk big east mf'ers?! i remember my first pong win!" nope. def not.)
lol i got called a c*nt and my friend got called a f*ggot and an entire pong table got dramatically knocked over like its an edgy usa drama
paul reuben just shouted "tuba mouthpiece for sale????" and it was beautiful music to my ears
tuba mouth piece for sale, never used.
heard this all the way on the upper westside. amazingly, still nothing on any tv news source
ny1 finally reporting
if they'll send me an xs thong, i'll go unity ads 100%. otherwise i'm mediating them w/ .
i will 100% make this happen.
i love my huge goth rectangle
iphone 7, brought to you by
who's worse?
give bvg (who i don't like either, but...) the talent kelly has and nd beats texas by 25. and sparty the same.
there's no more overrated player in cfb than biggie marshall
maybe he will get fewer than 30 pis this year
by you; thought you were a wanderer that could and had means to do it, wow!
just another working stiff. very stiff. and sore!
finish me?? you must be planning on giving me some great fellatio. is that finishing you speak of? cuz i'll pass. sorry man
bringing a whole new meaning to 'explosive finish'
this, this is the trouble with, :shudders:, moist
no idea what you're talking about ;)
is this game worth getting?
yea, it's worth it. very great solid game. it's a grind. has open world, dungeons, explorations, hunting etc.
here's the work of the alt right..'stheir symbol,bannon who runs trump campaign is their boytrump jr rt them
you spew such hate.
maybe can help?
this is why no one is covering it.
all l trains cancelled. power went out and got stuck inside a train.
welp, good thing i stayed home tonight, lol.
this extreme reaction was something out of axid
axis* it is actually the only way i saw champions actually
for some reason, this offended me.
"western addiction" and all that, but that's a brazen comment to make when one is not quite out of the neighborhood
you're about 17 right?
you're a brainwashed idiot, right? who's acting 17? look at the pic, moron. lol!
no way!!! mendoza breaks free and was clear on goal, but his shot drags wide to the left! that was three points.
and of course we meant "right"
go to clemson brothers brewery you can me there
i don't want beer and i'm already in my pjs staring at my stats project
again not an insult i take it? trash.. have a good night there keyboard warrior
again why are you voting for trump i need more than make america strong?
yo chill out
lmfaoo but deadass tho
usa is under attack muslim mobs ran through "mall of america" terrorizing shoppers 2 celebrate eid al adha holiday
but,but, didn't ob just say 110k more for next year?
lol of course it's all old testament stuff the commonality between the abrahamics
boko haram have executed teachers in nigeria for teaching the spherical earth.
trump is doing another town hall with sean hannity in ohio this week.
i can hardly wait
a) looks like there was an explosion in chelsea nyc b) twitter algo getting good at clustering related videos
was walking back up 6th ave from 19th toward our apt on 24th when we heard the boom. diverted to nearby restaurant to wait
tv news still not covering this!
i know. just checked and was sort of shocked they haven't gone to live coverage...
that's awesome. i definitely think non-broadway people are *listening* to hamilton but still largely inaccessible to see live.
yup, totally agree.
we need god fearing flag waving republicans to step up and do their duty for god and country now!!!
why are you voting for someone who lies to you everyday? who has raped someone. who doesn't know anything?
he's probably fed up with you stringing him along
lol i've told him plenty times i don't feel that way about him aint no stringing lol
la vic's tonight we out fam come thru
that sauce!
all l trains cancelled. power went out and got stuck inside a train.
back above ground in brooklyn now but there's no trains running at all
at game. can't tell. is the home plate ump squeezing him?
here and there but nothing egregious.
she was arming "moderate rebels."
really? can you cite what department of state program armed rebels? or do you mean cia or dod?
is cnn covering? i can't find any networks talking about this.
neither can i. momentarily, i suppose.
rt byyourlogic: if trump is going to cause the apocalypse, why would you act smug instead of convincing people to ...
protest votes will elect trump. nader elected bush. remember the wmd &amp; iraq war, which would not have happened with gore
tv news still not covering this!
is now kind of covering it.
new yorkers. is everyone okay??
hearing a lot of sirens. what just happened?
so how exactly did donald trump build his own bank account? on the backs of american taxpayers:
by stiffing contractors , employees. he doesn't even pay his campaign staff.
after my segway tour, i got yet another useless american doctorate. i now have three of them.
note that the other two doctorates are from "real" universities and technically make me doctor reverend miller in the usa.
looks like *another* gas explosion. let's add *more* density to nyc's antiquated, overburdened infrastructure!
let's wait for confirmation. this happened nearby today:
bliss is a world without brainwashed liberals such as yourself
yeah what are you gunna do about it? liberals are here to stay. take it or leave it.
(says noted shenmue fan)
we're through the looking glass now.
europe. with an e. jesus fucking christ, you are even too stupid to generate a comeback. i am done with you. imp mouth breather
no shit there's an e, i'm actually busy not just doing twitter, again, go fuck yourself.
yous da cutest
i look my best when 90% of face is blocked haha
clearly furious at the over - 's rhetoric toward has grown exponentially angrier the past 15 hours
they have some nerve! everyone should watch white helmets on netflix &amp; see war crimes &amp; assad are guilty of
is montgomery county really that different from franklin county?
the question is whether the philly suburbs are that different from the columbus suburbs, and the answer is a resounding yes
here's more of my interview with the huffington post!...
wow! graeat peter .
i think at least a month? will check. fairly certain it was released when he first revised plan
pass-through taxation twitter is blowing up tonight
happy birthday jake
thanks izzo!
appreciation post. not only have we been friends for 18 yrs, he's the only mf that put us on an album of the year list
i've been a fan of every single one of nick rapon's musical endeavors since the 6th grade! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
indeed, brothers in arms, finally. each playing his own part, you're doing fine. (julie too, ;-)
erich fuchs who built the gas chambers in sobibor and treblinka details how jews were gassed there.
a driver refused to give me a ride after he saw that i had a bike. then i get charged $5. i shouldn't have been charged.
i ordered an uberxl so there was room. there was no reason why he should refuse.
should i put sour patch kids in a smore later?
it was pretty good
ole miss bama citi field it's so nice to see all sports related tweets trending for a change
chelsea nyc explosion guess i spoke too soon
you guys need a dubbed tab on your site. i never even knew you guys had dubbed.
this is a very new thing they're starting
many go over us towards gander &amp; across 2 europe which is why so many got stranded there during 9 11.
yep. gander is nerve center for long oceanic flights over atlantic
i said the same thing when i got the notification email! i thought they were done. it's so good!
evita! hallo, love! i was chagrined when i heard it was cancelled. you've watched already?
from 244lbs to 221lbs. holy shit guys.&lt;3 i totally have this in the bag.
you got this mang!
and btw they are not the ones tweeting about it just strains
i have seen muslims tweeting about it. especially saudis.
this is the problem, you think cuz it's written in a newspaper it must be true
lmao yeah newspapers are terrible sources for information
why i follow an being he's cool as fuck!
thanks, man. i always appreciate your comments &amp; support. love &amp; blessings to you.
still the funniest picture i have ever seen
no so embarrassing why
huge explosion in chelsea blew this dumpster ...
still not getting any news!
and has literally 0 to back that up, beyond him deciding to say it. he's lying, pure &amp; simple
if that is what you want to believe. how is the weather in fantasy land?
what's going on in nyc?
, good weather
as long as they put 'powered by watson' on it all the other enterprisey companies will buy it
i thought enterprise places are all doing bring your own device to save money?
hey, this is maryanne with cbs 2 news. may we use this photo? we will credit you
yes, please do!
this is the problem, you think cuz it's written in a newspaper it must be true
except for when i'm writing research papers
im curious if anyone knows if hillary/donald are still close to any of their hs or college friends? any interviews out there ?
hrc very close to wellesley
i know billy said we would like the story when new abby comes, but i'm just not liking what i'm seeing now #
i don't mind it. i didn't see it as flirting. i sometimes think that some people would prefer chad still be miserable
guess they aren't superior!
nah they are. every third play guys are running on late, don't know what they're in. bvg's schemes are just awful.
did anyone answer? sure it does! lettuce! kale! leeks! overwintering onions! garlic! shallots! plant plant plant!
thanks so much!
this inspired me so hard oh my god
drake lyrics you scum bag
what u doin in manhattan killa stay in ur hood
i do my dirt in the hood but i live in the burbs
seems lotta ppl wanna characterize the radical democratization of media as 'censorship'. guys, this is what opening up the convo looks like
lotta demands for accountability coming as a shock to those unaccustomed to considering the impact or cost of their actions. too bad
for perspective, new mexico state scored 42 points against kentucky earlier.
they also gave up 62...
did you watch any football today?
oh wow. no, i did not...
trump isn't leading in oh. collapse in enthusiasm played a major role in the lv models, but voters didn't move.
ok glad you have the data to prove that
stop watching videos and get on that dangerci thing pleeeaaaseeee
haha, :d no time for danger this weekend, it's annual xcode breaks everything time in ios world alas.
if you don't take video of the "the whole time" scene, i will hold it against you forever
sally field is mean and got pretty transphobic while daniel prank called her for the 16th time
note that the other two doctorates are from "real" universities and technically make me doctor reverend miller in the usa.
why yes, i'm also an ordained minister. my doctorates are in theology and comparative religion. makes job interviews so much fun.
confirms major emergency response to apparent bomb blast at 6th ave. and 23d st.
no reports of injuries at this time. blast heard throughout chelsea.
so last week was more of kentucky is really just that bad.
florida played great
how could u be so heartless
how could you be so cold as the winter wind when it breeze yo
haven't seen much else that's concrete to what is actually going on...a lot of scanner reporting (which should be taken with grain of salt)
this has been a long turnaround without an update.
guess they aren't superior!
bvg coaches like he has the guys diaco had, and doesn't adjust to suit what he has. not putting them in position to succeed.
remember: tweets from android are generally trump's thumbs; iphone tweets are from staff.
never noticed. thanks so much!
what's jimbos record vs the sec?
what's his record against lamar jackson
but king george pulled him in. anyhoo, i loved it all. mandy gonzalez was perfection.
and once again, i kick myself for never having seen "in the heights." i'm a bad dominican-american.
what defense corps? it's andy greene, maybe severson, a too-green santini, then a few concrete barricades we toss sweaters on
is projecting the following: greene-severson moore-lovejoy santini-merrill helgeson as the seventh.
i love and appreciate you so much. i just needed the world to know
i love and appreciate you mutually, if not more! lfm forever! smoochie boochies!
not sure what you wanted to share ?!?
oops... this event on wed. 9/21 ... a film screening and networking.
that looks incredible!!
thanks boo
i know billy said we would like the story when new abby comes, but i'm just not liking what i'm seeing now #
than to interact with any other female on the show. no matter how innocent it may be on his part.
there is no news at all on tv about this
watching a report on ny1 right now
where did mention anything about muslims?
bomb means muslim insinuation. it must be deleted.
a trip up to sanfran in like november
come bring the booth and your music here
how exactly do you pronounce &gt;_&gt;
i added that at the end with my tubular thumbs, sherlock holmes
explosion on 23rd between 6th and 7th. no other details have come out though.
oh dear. looking into it now. hope you are ok as well!
carroll gardens knows how to block party.
hope that's not your block, unless you're at the party!
truth? i see a group of kids who were not taught history and have been suckered by hype and hysteria.
if the kids understood history you believe they would act differently. and that they have been suckered in by hysteria.
ryan grabbed my face like he was gonna kiss me but he just told me he was excited to make his poptart ice cream sandwich
that actually sounds disgusting
thank you !!!
we're work'n 2 get u on the show tonight!! . help j.d . . ok??
amazing! thanks for riding!
thank you!
bff's since '07 @ jersey city, new jersey
love you always
nervous for in . apparently there was an explosion. story developing.
the address for that location is a center for the blind
you are letting msm dictate your worldview. but yet you call me ignorant... hmmm...
that's bull i recognize that one i'm voting for is flawed.
why do israel hold up gutless cowards who shoot dead unconscious-hurt men as war heroes
my names are matan, noam ohayon we were jewish children murdered by pali killers
pretty terrible day, but the meal is gonna kick ass
sorry bud. food looks good though
i need more information on this explosion guys
leaves a great dinner with bestie , walks one block to immediately call him in panic saying "don't get on the subway!" -me. rn.
anna banana &amp; baxter bear say.... bakersfield!
anna, it was great having you spend the night. keep us posted on your travels.
they chased our troops away today. real loyal fellas she &amp; obama armed.
fsa is indeed tired of the us supporting ypg and leaving them to swing in wind.
ok i could sworn i heard an explosion a few minutes ago and now i'm seeing tweets there was one at 23 and 6
wow. are you close?
i must be watching sports wrong, i never do a wardrobe change
you've clearly never been to a sports event in the south
hey, nyc and nj, what's w/all the explosions today?!?!? :( :( :( manhattan tweeps, please check in! &lt;3
all the way uptown, so following on twitter.
as a professional with over 15 years experience in "making da-pasta", what do see my role being in your company?
sir, this isn't an interview, this is your evaluation. your role hasn't changed, but we need to grow you to the next level!
time travel is achieved, but we can only watch the past on a screen, like tv. what era becomes a 'hit' with today's viewers and why?
the 80s. need i say more?
+1 for windows support, cant wait!
it's getting close (and i'm learning some fun quirks of visual c++ along the way)!
of course im traveling in the car of train w a guy who has tourette s .
at least it's not contagious
on : sandra kim &amp; frank galan - door veel van mij te houden - tune in fast to catch this hot single:
brand new tune
guessing this is related to the subway not running
yah be safe homie. big explosion in chelsea (search "chelsea explosion" here and you'll get a good overview)
it is doing okay, i mean rn life outside of uni has been way more hectic than inside of it. i'm working on fixing my health.
i'm glad you got everything with uni sorted. i hope whatever's going on with your health gets better!
part 3 &amp;4 i hacked in2 the acc that was dming abt hackin my acc the pass was the same pass the she uses 4 saved accs
the 360 area code (which is on her phone number) is from washington where she is from..
i know billy said we would like the story when new abby comes, but i'm just not liking what i'm seeing now #
at least i didn't see it as flirting on chad's end.
there is no l trains b/t broadway junction and lorimer st, which station are you headed to? ^jg
i was headed to union sq. left and then there was an explosion in chelsea so who knows how i'll get home.
when your eyes wide shut party outfit on fleek.
lol. nobody knows that reference but like me and kubrickfan89
i'm trying to figure out who they have on their blue line past leddy, boychuk, and hamonic
pulock, hickey--who was good in the playoffs--de haan. plus mayfield. they have some intriguing pieces on defense.
actually they r they are influenced by bias. there is a reason trust in media is down
yeah because the media dosnt relay you're biast fact.
why yes, i'm also an ordained minister. my doctorates are in theology and comparative religion. makes job interviews so much fun.
travelling in the usa as dr reverend gets you exceptional service on most domestic airlines too.
the 80s. need i say more?
in other words, the same decade that's currently a hit.
they chased our troops away today. real loyal fellas she &amp; obama armed.
have you been closely following events in syria?
i did it already the basic stuff i already did so better call me asap
yeah that blows. i do have some internet. my router is working but after am update and replacement my extender wontconnect
sounds like a threat. do you agree?
why r you trying to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person? screw him
he's awful. you call a defensive timeout and first play out of the timeout the defense looks lost! smh
lmao that's precisely what i see at fsu weekly. they're both just bad. must spend all week at the bar and not preparing.
it's the height of privilege to win a primary rigged by your elite cronies, then act entitled to the votes of people you cheated.
oh, just go away.
i'm having a great birthday weekend.
looks like someone needs a good ole' birthday lap dance.
this nigga lol
you see that avi
yea, cave was definitely ahead of its time.
amazingly by decades.
happy belated birthday to you. sorry, i'm a guy, i forget these things.
lol its ok ty
18 and 7, choppers circling , lot of sirens
wow. very close! stay safe.
did you write one on this case?
why wouldn't the media want trump to win? they love negativity trump would provide that.
niggas gonna have "baconeggandcheese" sliders as appetizers
the signature drink is going to be fourloko margaritaas
so that is funny. both and i are gonna go afk. one is going home, the other is going to have dinner.
talk about our schedules aligning somewhat. :p
nervous for in . apparently there was an explosion. story developing.
would be interesting if twitter could find some "emergency experience" that pulls official news sources to the forefront ...
yaaaaas &amp; 'side to side' is the most requested song of the hour on !
brand new tune
ari this is so fucking good i didnt know u were this talented oh my god
ahhh thank you! my bio doesn't lie!
you really should listen and watch this 3 min video we welcomed refugees in 1945. we can't abandon them today
turned away thousands of refugees, but more interested in right now!
does it come included for free? can't charge + listen, which i do constantly bc apple batteries suck after 1 year
yep included for free
black caviar's new foal. a filly by snitzel. best wishes to the wonder mare and her little girl. h/t
whoa!!!! that's gonna be a super star
i gotta go w/ sidney crosby.
called it. sidney crosby
the syrian civil war would have ended years ago had you just let assad put the revolt down.
had "i"? like, personally? also, i am somewhat disturbed to hear you openly support democide.
felt shockwave through apt and smells of gunpowder. reports say ied went off in dumpster bw 6/7th on 23rd. fbi on site. thts and prayers
stay safe brother!!
my winter looks
i love this
&amp; even if there is 1 piece of audio, she still did not aggressively popularize the notion. did.
she sent an investigation team to kenya. but this story is old. who cares where the asshole was born.
my building is on lock down. i can't get out to see anything. it's complete chaos over here.
stay indoors/away from windows!
seems about right. they'll miss larsson for sure. (but you have to make that trade, right?)
i have a lot of time for larsson, and how he played last year. but you make that trade six days a week and twice on sundays.
look at this reckless shit; connecting things before anyone knows what is actually happening. media fearmongering
all the people tweeting out stuff about whatever is happening in : be responsible
don't forget who you are and who you belong to! you're a child of the most high god!
4 you r all children of god through faith in christ jesus. galatians 3:26 heirs of god+ joint heirs with christ. ro.8:17b
at least it's not contagious
lol thankfully omg its so weird
wheres gary payton ii hes not in the game but he plays for the rockets wsup wit that????
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco!
congrats on the win. also saw that final game last year on tv. so happy for your success and commitment. love you brother.
my original triple q!! miss you bro! and thank you!
i would do something, but i damn sure wouldn't repair that chair. and the family is sick for wanting it.
yes. sick, ghoulish. a metaphor for the whole atrocity &amp; its impact. throw out the slave-hair-filled chair!
don't worry too much about islam being violent. worry about why hindus have gotten so weak.
we have jaichands,selfish worried about personal gains.
where was this shit when i was in high school??
most of my teachers were fat guys so
i just went to hooters for the first time
the chicken wings have too much breading!
i got my nba 2k17 legend edition thank you
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco!
would be interesting if twitter could find some "emergency experience" that pulls official news sources to the forefront ...
...regardless of who you're following. lots of noise, easy to get caught up. important to keep official announcements up front!
i need a girl with an ass that weighs more than my whole body
that's like 54 pounds charles
he's being sarcastic since when the facts come through it will most definitely be muslim terror
delete this. are you trying to swing the election to the racist islamophobe trump.
no one wants to admit it but what do i know i stopped watching it after 20 minutes :/
i watched one episode and was over it
somewhat a naive perspective. there's also the difference between work ethic/productivity/achievement in us vs much of europe.
notice it was written by a man who is probably making quite a bit of money.
well, i hope you're right. i fear that germans thought the same thing in 1932.
lololol stick to conventional law
i've used avogadro for simple models+animation - doesn't export movies easily yet but can export pov-ray or vrml.
used avogadro to make my first model; now i can maybe try some others!
sally field is mean and got pretty transphobic while daniel prank called her for the 16th time
this musical montage when they are trying out disguises is wild
you might recall i'm only one person ...
on reflection, that does leave more time to read, but yeah, point taken.
smh. out here playing with food.
i'm just stirring it at this point
where on 23rd?
btwn 6th &amp; 7th
huge explosion in my neighborhood on the street of 23rd &amp; 6th avenue, we we still have no clue .
fox news posted this picture
just kicked out of the diner due to explosion next door
omg, thats my neighborhood, whats happening???
i mean y'all suck on . pretty sure ima stop it and just send them to people who matter.
i watch all your snaps and they are very very nice
wth!? jealous!! was this a random bill murray encounter, or something for the beast?
nah his son opened new restaurant, 21 greenpoint, so he's bartending fri/sat this weekend
i was in macy's labor day weekend and santa's workshop was being set up on the 9th floor. crazy.
although we shouldn't be too surprised ... have you seen that year round christmas shop on 5th ave.? i don't know how it survives.
roller coaster time
i hope i get to run into you guys! i promise i won't fangirl that much
that one is a scheme problem. when he lineups wide adoree needs to be out there. can't use a safety in man cover on him.
yep, called td when watching from north end zone. bad pass saved sc.
seriously though, the anarchic speed, balance, and blend of the friend like me sequence is incredible
it's actually weird seeing this sequence in direct comparison to say friends on the other side
unfortunately so is hillary clinton. jill stein by far the best choice
she isn't phony. she will do more than any1 else. at this pt, a vote 4anyone else is a vote for trump. sorry.
glowed up. catch the squad and i on nba 2k17 showing that oakland...
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco!
hey, this is maryanne with cbs 2 news. may we use these photos? we will credit you. if you have anymore plz tag!
yes go ahead
certainly today is big indication all the changes haven't amounted to much. looked a lot like last season.
coach hill does great job on breaking down the game as color commentator
asterix and obelix (spelling?) are ma homeboys. ugh.
isn't the comma completely unnecessary?
sc - clips: insane hut pack openings, goalie goal?!, gameplay hl |
my son hasn't put the game down since it came out.
seems like it would be really hard to tell immediately that it was an ied, is my point.
agree, seems speculative
i see. i think i was misinformed when bradley sent me up here. i thought this was for a new position in pasta.
very well, very well. i see where the confusion occurred. bradly must be disciplined. i trust you with this, but i will watch.
wait a hot second did you draw this? ari this is so incredible!!!
yaaas i did! thank you! i'm an artist before anything
this has convinced me to vote for hillary. he did it. his smug dismissal of my concerns has swayed me.
like... for a minute i thought that the dnc working against my interests was a problem. but no. slay kween. yas.
what's your record against georgia southern?
what's your record against us
have a blessed friday everyone
hey what's up there the beyond gorgeous and sexy selena star ? how are you?
ahhh yeah the liberal favorite "independent sources"...the clinton foundation does, too...haha!
tell you what, keep living in your hateful dystopian alt-right world and i'll stick to the america people of honor died for.
review of coming up on later today. a hint: worth the $$$.
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco!
aubrey lonsberry was busy today making new soldiers.
almost hard to believe. seems like it was only yesterday she was your radio producer. time flies.
after a week in the bay area, this seems incredibly welcoming.
you are here?
we have talented players with speed, creation &amp; goals but we lack bite, aggression &amp; nastiness! if only patrick could lace them up.
i've often asked if we could implement a dp-manager rule.
a binary code-obsessed thief is swiping the 0's and 1's from the addresses mounted on philadelphia homes
shouldn't yall be keeping us updated on the in chelsea?
halftime q&amp;a, fire away!
how overrated is tennessee lol
after 9/11, trump lined up a $150,000 grant for one of his buildings near ground zero even though it was undamaged
trump's other cons of many!!
trump: let's put a pin in this, rog. i like it for sure. but i'd rather win. ailes: (buzz) trump: absolutely. armageddon's a terrific plan b
how about a cartoon w/armageddon's a terrific plan b with one of trump's tiny fingers on the red button?
but will there be live music events?
not that we know of, but we totally support this idea
i love how she's just drinkin wine in it
the perfect drink when you're dressed as shrimp tempura
is there a reset button on the extender? if so please reset it and reconnect if we have not already done so. ^rmd
yup i did the factory reset. u want me to plug it in to the router. it won't solve my problem cause it's in another room
let's say she did have sid try plant this to asher, does that equate with trump relentlessly tweeting about it?
who cares the asshole is almost out of office. was born of the devil in hell. got it
gonna put out a theory: eleven is hoppers daughter or cloned from her and he was in the cia lsd program too. lets discuss.
lol roommate made so much of me for that but then i googled and its the most common theory lol what a life i live.
something like that, or maybe not watching film of lousy games like the texas mess.
i cringe watching nd defense. run out a spread/gimmick option team in front of charles kelly and he breaks out in cold sweats
if i don't get to see the lights in the park this year in washington park i've lived in albany for years and still haven't been.
we will go together
that's not per request (e.g. may be cached for a year, or more local resolver, etc.) but yes, it can definitely leak too.
sorry, meant host in handshake.
we running up big digits with them
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco!
you're not going play this off like shes tough. shes having seizures, its serious.
u r an ass. did you get that? i am tired of ignoramus idiots like u making it harder on us who do have seizures. ur idiot
make no mistake he stole the 1st &amp; probably 2nd too
yes, he stole 2012 election, watch proof
certainly today is big indication all the changes haven't amounted to much. looked a lot like last season.
he sounds frustrated at times because basic fixes are addresses during the game
have a blessed friday everyone
love your awesome ass pounding and cock gagging videos
i'm heading over to six flags magic mountain for the kickoff of fright fest. who all will i see there??
crap. we're leaving now. ;)
why dude ? i think they both have a kidnap foot fetish lmao
bc she is like my dream girl and if that dork gets to hang out with her it would just annoy me. lol.
is there a reset button on the extender? if so please reset it and reconnect if we have not already done so. ^rmd
but i can move it just to see if that gets it going. idk what else to do :-/
the 4th street and walnut creek stores are a lot easier to get into
thx. thought about 4th street but figured it wld be as bad. maybe tmrw. can order online, just want to try on both sizes. it was crzy!
ugh why is my dad being so annoying. he was talking abt how he misplaced his earbuds and i noticed that i can't find mine either so i
mentioned it. then after a while of looking, he started getting riled up and lecturing me abt how im irresponsible and how often i lose shit
i don't think i will ever stop pronouncing "ridged chips" like tim-heidecker-as-brenner every single time i say the phrase.
i can't help it anymore
yo this soundtrack is flames
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco!
wow!! bars!!!
thank you. did you subscribe?
saw "the edge of seventeen," which closes , in ny today. it's a delight. hailee steinfeld does a great julia stiles in "10 things."
omg i absolutely love hailee
this is really good!!!
so refreshing to read
nba 2k17 mycareer - how to create your own jumpshot! change release to very quick, normal &amp; late: via
it don't explain how to change it to quick or late release..
...regardless of who you're following. lots of noise, easy to get caught up. important to keep official announcements up front!
i guess twitter moments is supposed to do that.
whens mypark news
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco!
you're not going play this off like shes tough. shes having seizures, its serious.
she is not having seizures. go get a brain before you tweet another dumb tweet.
the only thing trump has ever done for anyone is make dating easier: "are you voting for trump?" -no "cool, you're in."
even that's not giving me any traction.
have a blessed friday everyone
infact, i'm watching one of them right now.
seriously? please tell me that's sarcasm at its finest
how do you not realize that? trump generated record free publicity.
is there a power for it too???
yes, but i dont use it personally
well with the drop picks and lbs/dbs taking the wrong angles on runs
yeah its bad
don't know much about those guys. assuming they do turn out decent, thought their f depth is shallow?
they have presumed high-end forward talent in the system in barzal, ho-sang, dal colle. likely barzal challenges...
.. backpacker pointed at the aerospace engineering degree on his cv and said "no, but i can do that." 2/2
it was either going to be that or a a doctorate in neurosurgery.
does it really matter if hillary or trump believes the potus wasnt born here? who gives a fuck...
if asshole obama was more transparent with his records there would be no issue.
thinking of tuning in to this!
looking forward to hearing your thoughts!
felt shockwave through apt and smells of gunpowder. reports say ied went off in dumpster bw 6/7th on 23rd. fbi on site. thts and prayers
hope everything is okay nihal that is way too close to home
my aunt said "you can wear these heels if you want to. they were only like $250." wtf...
it's clearly a big deal to her if the price was mentioned. slap her mouth.
princess &amp; the frog is still disney's most wasted potential right?
like solid animation, great color balance, interesting theme and good push for diversity but man that movie just doesn't hold together
not sure what you are getting at
just wondering if you make decisions not to obey scripture sometimes.
mentioned it. then after a while of looking, he started getting riled up and lecturing me abt how im irresponsible and how often i lose shit
and that i dont value money??? and im so used to this bs so i know if i tried to argue back he'll just start lecturing and yelling more so
somehow ended 2-2, both teams with clear breakaways in stoppage time. just another night at yankee stadium.
whew! i need some $2 empanadas after that!!
hey i'm at one of those too
nik was just saying how your mom would love it
certainly today is big indication all the changes haven't amounted to much. looked a lot like last season.
basic fixes aren't addressed in real time.
don't get any ideas.
have you ever listened - i mean really listened - to helter skelter by the beatles, chris?
finally watched the big short... one hell of a movie!
it was fun right? they made it seem like it was based on a true story.
how do you not realize that? trump generated record free publicity.
not because his message was wholesome?
yep. ipa not my favorite. still haven't been to b&amp;bs
they have quite a few other beers. audrey found one she really liked there too. wasn't an ipa
"oh, i've never heard of this outlet before, let me check them out." "oh, they only hire white women."
that's not true. they also hire white men.
thank you!! still amazed how wonderful it was!
memorable!!!!
9/16/16 nypd steals $18,000 from man because he was carrying a banned pocket knife
we are all laying in wait of the fed resv apocalypse.some have "it"in cash some gold,but an adult needs2 take stage&amp;helpfix
one bush street. one of the best towers anywhere.
i've had offices in both but, i am partial to its sister, the inland steel building:
they have presumed high-end forward talent in the system in barzal, ho-sang, dal colle. likely barzal challenges...
... for a nhl job. plus strome, lee, nelson are still young.
sorry, meant host in handshake.
iow, you'll always be able to see hostname whenever handshake is initiated.
hey there! thanks for following back! it's so great to connect with other and folks of color doing similar work
. you are an inspiration 2 me! applying 2 do my phd this fall in :)
so we have a mass casualty explosion in manhattan nyc and is still a bunch of talking heads talking election.
mass casualty? havnt heard that from anyone on sight so perhaps slow your roll before attacking others. let's hope no for none
what are you going to do about it?
i don't have any good ideas here. do you?
reconsider ur whole life
bitch shut up tf
like i have said it was 20 million not 6! check your concentration camp privilege.
20 million russians were killed by the nazis.
octobeer is my fav month.
birthday month
the new girl's style magazine!
yes i can get it for you?
no he is a coon for bashing the women he doesn't have a preference in
maybe it's not about preferences. he sees how ratchet and stupid most black women are and i happen to agree with him.
and that i dont value money??? and im so used to this bs so i know if i tried to argue back he'll just start lecturing and yelling more so
i didnt say shit. but its goddamn annoying like wtf why are you lecturing me on this when your ass cant find your own damn earphones
watching ufc w carlos is cute bc he is constantly asking me what's going on lol
i'm in a circle of people that watch ufc and i tend to tune in with them knowing little waiting for joe to say its all over.
i really really want to know how putin loving anti imperialists reconcile the kremlin's very close relationship with israel.
people are idiots. everyone is a fucking idiot. i mean, myself included, obvs. but everyone else even more. jesus. we are dumb
"what do you got your period?" *smashes glass on guys head* i love him so much. lmfao
i wanna keep this convo going so everyday we gotta make sure to say something on this
breaking: reports coming in at least 14 injured from explosion in ny, motive unknown
delete this islamophobia.
like solid animation, great color balance, interesting theme and good push for diversity but man that movie just doesn't hold together
there's just too much fucking about with schemes and counter schemes and real royalty and fake royalty and back stabbing
anyone else catch that huge explosion in chelsea nyc? crazy world we live in.
i do i live a block away, it was scary!!!
thx bud, meal was delicious
a lot of people thought louisville could be a sleeper this year
people evacuated local bars, onlookers filled 23rdst nyc explosion
do we know what happened?
based on kentucky's 3 games. everyone plays great on offense against them.
this is true
if i'm a network admin, i can make a pretty good guess or non-guess exact match of domains to ips those packets are headed towards.
if you're a network admin, there may be a good chance you're intercepting certificates and monitoring traffic anyways.
nia sharma received gifts from her fans: via
awesome segment
if you qualify, coverage thru the essential plan costs less than a dollar a day. learn more:
in : + medicaid wants up to 33% of income for health insurance instead of 2-9%!
she is not good for america,how can she help latinos
hrc won't help at all
it's amazing some of the arguments that happen over sports.
that's because they ain't getting no ass lol
kamiyah nef tha pharaoh too short mistah fab steph curry draymond mac dre mom future dj esco definitely did his ting
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco! 21+
hi neighbor - we are at 25th and 6th and people heard it on the 15th floor, windows shook
they know what the cause was yet?
are you in manhatten tonite? news is a little scary.
hey mom, just about to tweet you, i was out earlier, just got home. sounds like i got out in the nick of time.
he's so precious! we love his drive to make friends, too. how long have y'all been friends?
bo man has been with me since 2011! he's 5 years old
fire suppressor? we're down the street at sauce
it is all rigged to the liquid nitrogen system. double duty?
i didnt say shit. but its goddamn annoying like wtf why are you lecturing me on this when your ass cant find your own damn earphones
and my mom calls him out on how hypocritical and unfair hes being and he got super angry and grouchy like "i dont wanna talk abt it anymore"
my psychiatrist used to be a neurosurgeon
"this endless chatting is getting us nowhere. i'm just going to open you up and poke around a bit instead"?
those ignorant chicks have no idea why they are doing it. just that they saw slapperback do it and he's famous!
or they are vs police brutality and you're just a customer
this is the kind of game that feels like we are down by more than we actually are...
so true. need a big stop to start the 2nd half and build some momentum
like i have said it was 20 million not 6! check your concentration camp privilege.
3 million polish catholics were killed by the nazis. do you dispute number or that don't matter cause its not jews
brother just told me about a possible bomb detonated in manhattan and now he has been called in to search for survivors
yes! it's still unclear what happened though.
i will 100% make this happen.
this is the level of customer service you will come to expect. just need an address.
exactly my point.
but still, defense was excellent, cant take that away from them
manhattan: photos: reports of 14 people injured in explosion at 23rd and 6th; two cars seen with windows blown out.
can wcbs use your pictures with a credit?
yes but aside from barzal, other names are a few years off - or so i thought. strome has been in and out of doghouse too
fair points. i think moving strome to the wing hurt him. he's a natural center, and i think he'll center a line...
a black, female indiana jones on a treasure-hunting supernatural adventure in the 1960s. i'd watch the hell out of that.
you'd have to be deranged *not* to. see? we got this. this movie stuff ain't so hard.
maybe there's hope for don lemon after all. keep it up, don.
ya! heard!! u go don . keep the ppl feet 2 the fire!! we salute . cheers
.\ugly team saw draymond tonight regardless of security fuck em all
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco!
and my mom calls him out on how hypocritical and unfair hes being and he got super angry and grouchy like "i dont wanna talk abt it anymore"
like gg dad what the fuck? thats real fucking mature
i'm so confused: does ios 10.0.1 in the 7 plus not use the second lens yet? if you take a photo at 2x covering it you don't see the finger.
confirmed: that's only under low light conditions. it's interesting that it switches cameras between 1.9x and 2x instead of interpolating.
draymond i had you score first in my game and you gonna be league mvp on it haha, yeah, they not, nope!
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco!
bomb in the trashcan!
hi! are you sure that's what it was? did they say for certain?! any injuries? just trying to get details! thanks :)
watching it, don't mean to derail
no worries. funny scene. anyway, yeah the cw delay bah hubug
make everyone else a mess too. be messy together
i can't wait to get wifi to watch the video
i'm with her. we're in big trouble right now. we need a game changer and it must include other ppl than we tweet with. onlyblue
yes i have been looking up former berners and trying to reason with them.
drinking bad coffee.
i'll send you some coffee.
they also make an excellent sleeping mask.
-mars guitar&amp;hollywood stars-"the movie"
go listen to a travis scott album
and why would i do that
that's the little colonial inn between a housing community for the visually impaired and the old st vincent depaul?
yes same locatiom
i have not idea of what just happened . a huge explosion next to my building in
i know i live closer was horrible !!
we need the gop to join with the rational americans to stop the napoleonic emperor from gaining his throne and destroying us.
they dont' seem to get it
i guess twitter moments is supposed to do that.
perhaps but i'm not necessarily going to go scope a moment...create a in-feed experience to elevate the moment
lmao that's funny to me
crazy out here lol
draymond the new iguodala?
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco!
what thebfuckkkkdis ghis
i am crying real tears..im very upset..what the fuck bruh
feelings on jdg "starting sunday, oops out for season" fiasco ?
is there news? assumed it was bad luck.
people can not trespass into private events. trump has the right to omit anyone for any reason.
nobody i know is slightly interested in any of trump's vomit. boycott his hateful lies. he is a crook and a liar.
looks hard won given the blood stains on the certificate!
that's actually ben &amp; jerry's ice-cream. when my inner child gets loose, he always finishes with a treat.
this musical montage when they are trying out disguises is wild
this movie could been 30 minutes long if she just let daniel pick up the kids after school.
every siren in nyc going past our apt
can you see 23rd/6th from your place? or you down in village?
steph curry, draymond green were guests of drake's tour - check out oakland's reaction.
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco!
hrc won't help at all
stats don't reflect those that gave up looking for job
has more rushing attempts in 3 games than first 3 seasons combined. get ball to best playmaker. not rocket science
do you guys think ru has a realistic chance at beating iowa next week &amp; what rd do you think grant gets drafted in?
do they know yet what exploded?
not sure....
and who's fault is that? the media as a whole is far too sensationalistic - no facts anymore
write it's all lies so let's believe a guy who shitted all over the ppl that work
i was just there! lmao
for real? lol i'm at the mall rn shopping lol
with the first pick in the nfl draft the cle browns select d kizer. very few really smart qb's. he seems poised, but no wrs.
still too early to tell for the next level. there's so many games to play. but they haven't had a star qb in so long
fair points. i think moving strome to the wing hurt him. he's a natural center, and i think he'll center a line...
... with lee and nelson. plus it's likely all three will want to prove they're legitimate good nhlers.
and who's fault is that? the media as a whole is far too sensationalistic - no facts anymore
shitted on immigrants
perhaps but i'm not necessarily going to go scope a moment...create a in-feed experience to elevate the moment
not just a tweet to the moment, but more like an ad
happy from the who also hosts and ! to the bat poles!
ha! also looks like jk rowling is the new commissioner gordon. head over to zack snyders..
'weather bound' by arthur john elsley
what wonderful art. what a great holiday greeting this would make.
the "final solution" was to remove the jews from germany. there were no gas chambers.
the nazis themselves prove you wrong. read what they said.
and who's fault is that? the media as a whole is far too sensationalistic - no facts anymore
african americans.
not just a tweet to the moment, but more like an ad
(in terms of the tech)
espn's fpi says florida has a 24% chance to beat tennessee. that's funny.
espn also says miss state was gonna beat lsu
fyi i'm at 20/7 and fine ... but wtf
yikes, seeing this all over twitter. just left union square. be safe!
yeah man avoid 23rd st and 6th ave area. we heard it too from milos' rooftop, there now
be safe. going to stay home. luckily we're not too close... :)
it's two blocks away and i've been meaning to try it!
really? we must be neighbors.
blacked out jeep wrangler 75th anniversary edition, just got it lifted and news rims on it what do you guys think
looks good
anyone know yet why tony will step down as iron man?
every cover i seen has him getting f'd up so going with hurt
and who's fault is that? the media as a whole is far too sensationalistic - no facts anymore
anyone who's opposed his view.
what's this about? ---&gt; police respond to reports of explosion in new york city via
uncertain of the veracity. you can verify?
'entre lpis e pincis' by kim parkhurst
precious and truly heartwarming
sucks when you meet somebody so great but the timing's off
you just shat on someone!
mac dre's mom, too short, future, drake, draymond green and stephen curry. dude tonight was epic! drake 2016
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
lol just realized i forgot the t in just
the "t" b silen anyway
drake brought out fuckin steph, fuckin draymond, fuckin too short
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
only a handful of people have rallied around me the last two weeks and this is how i know who my "people" are.
you said not to tell nani and grandpa.
drake really had it lit for the bay! bringing out kamaiyah, too $hort, nef, mac dre's momma, draymond green, &amp; steph curry!
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
look rt : this is why i keep this app.
twitter is a mess at times but when it comes to news i always find out here first.
but when i turned my head &amp; looked directly it would go away. someone in quarter told me many experience that
i'm not surprised. that's gotta be common. i'd love to record those stories. read/more of them.
neff, mista fab, too short, steps curry, draymond all at surprised guest at drakes concert!!!
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
. i just bought a hisense smart tv, but i'm unclear how to connect it to your service. any suggestions?
help a brother out how can he connect? thanks in advance for your service.
this dudes laugh made the vine 1000x funnier
ethan's laugh literally
yikes, seeing this all over twitter. just left union square. be safe!
our hotel is 25/7, we went out to dinner couple blocks away. really scary.
not just a tweet to the moment, but more like an ad
tbh that moments weren't designed more like ad carousels in-feed is beyond me
draymond and wardell stephen curry in the house kick me in the balls im dead
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
that no matter what- you are mine and i am yours. don't even try to run away. won't work.
i can live with that, gorgeous.
if we're being honest, travis scott is trash.
anything after owl pharaoh &lt;&lt;&lt;
morning snuggle i.e. the sweetest 60 seconds of your day by winstonandcat ...
this is the sweetest and should post on
it's a gas line explosion not terrorist related thank god
where did you hear that?
the "final solution" was to remove the jews from germany. there were no gas chambers.
the dresden bombing was the british dropping balloons not bombs in 1945.
what is this jackpot sign in centerfield? 10k
it keeps going up every few minutes. want to buy a ticket?
still scratching my head about it. (often thought devils would get in on an oilers f for a d, but the deal was surprising.)
yeah, i thought maybe edmonton would trade rnh or eberle; not hall.
every cover i seen has him getting f'd up so going with hurt
i mean why ask doom? especially after secret wars?
clone of in minutes on oracle cloud
ah, but how *many* minutes? ;-)
and who's fault is that? the media as a whole is far too sensationalistic - no facts anymore
rather vote for some status qou asshat than a fuck who dosnt give a damn except for himself.
desi makes me dysphoric
what! that's bad! i'm sorry!
explosion in chelsea. reports of multiple injuries. i just got home from there. so wild. stay safe if you're out tonight
how do you know its not a gasline?
story: cerissa divalentino scores. again. wins again.
great job!!!
hey would this be rad or what
um hell yes i need this
stop spending so much time on it bailey
shit boi that ws smooth af
that could be a possibility
i'm sure of it. guys who care too much about social media-sports aren't getting any. guys with a woman don't have the time
thank you so much! loved hearing you read nikki grimes' poetry and seeing your illustrations!
thank you so much! great to see you
when i'm happy &amp; horny my tweets tend to reflect that. same goes for when i stub my toe or set the laundry on fire. or if i'm hungry. deal.
transparent, humanity at its best
the wonder and idolization of sports over the dignity and innocence of children... disgusting!
short memories &amp; screwed up priorities
selling 2 drake tickets for the sap center 9/25, plz take them off my hands!!!
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
why didn't we think of this months ago. we are all hereby patriotically correct!
retweet!!! pass it on!!!
awful color combos have nothing to do with gait or ergonomics.
hope they hear you
explosion in nyc just shook our building. we are ok but staying inside.
no idea what's going on. sirens are everywhere and everyone is on their phones searching for updates. keep nyc in your thoughts.
yikes, that's scary!
no idea how scary . we were eating and shopping - so nice out - big crowds - so glad gators were on at night ! headed home
gluten-free pizza is like decaf coffee. what's the point?
non-alcoholic beer
stats don't reflect those that gave up looking for job
hrc can't run a hot dog stand, much less create jobs
what is the latest???
fire trucks and cop cars blocking the entire street, helicopter above, increasing reports of injuries
she was just messing around, but i'd be pissed if i was mikaze lol
lol everyone eyeing his wife
dude just chillin on the streets of cusco. fairly sure there's no 5 second rule here. so...
have you been bombarded by the street vendors in the main square of cusco? i tried to find a good empanada there, but didn't
on the bright side your ears are now spotless!
are you talking to yourself again
"and he had this stupid little moustache...and oh my god the fencing..." as indy takes another swig from the whisky bottle.
ij4 really backed them into a corner, huh? god, that writing. tbh, mutt's not the problem with that film. coulda worked.
still waiting on an invite
you're invited...boom! j/k just you and me? let's go anytime you're free!!
good point definitely worth exploring further!
in some way has its huge moral concern.
"drake is that kid in high school who'd ask 'where my hug at'"
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
just setting up my twitter.
welcome to twitter my beautiful friend :)
i love 's music, but i need this nigga to sit his ass down somewhere. i'm fed up with his dance moves. carlton banks ass nigga.
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
someone should honestly take my phone when i drink
i'm sorry i wasn't there to mother you
sand idk what that is
convention in my area, though i imagine most conventions in a convention center have pretty similar looking game room setups.
fitzroy/collingwood in melbourne, very central with awesome food and drink
how do you feel about southbank? how's public transportation there?
wouldn't be surprised if the explosion in chelsea was just one of the steam pipes. it's happened before.
more fbi jackets than coned so doubtful
nigga i do it for the team you already lmaoo , the blogs ain't ready for that heat
we out to the stu??
in nyc and no reporting on it? but if gets his hair messed up by that makes news.
ny1 is live...
why? it appears to be retaliation for a drug deal gone bad, according to nypd
doesn't tally with where reported the going off
it's been one of those weeks where i've definitely eaten too much chocolate... but yum
but is "too much chocolate" really even a thing?
does your district have a silo mentality?
really enjoyed your article "when implementing 1:1 we must focus on the right one in the 1:1, and it's not the device."
she said it was the other way around - is there a less invasive way to fix this problem?
perfect time to use the timeless phrase, "what is it you can't face?"
rather vote for some status qou asshat than a fuck who dosnt give a damn except for himself.
real "liberals" will win the next election this one is lost to us.
wow. apparently there was a ied explosion and a building collapse on 23rd and 6th. hope everyone is ok.
jumped out of an uber on 22nd &amp; 6th. ran to 7th ave. safe inside now.
neighbors said they saw a man covered in blood and a children were hurt
omg there is some reporting on tv on now
zero idea, waiting to see
i will say this, the us political system truly could not handle terrorist attacks on a scale seen in the euro countries
chocolate maple orange donuts ! no preservatives or refined sugar- protein!
-mars guitar&amp;hollywood stars-"the movie"
on my friend's block. scary.
multi trama centers being set up... very scary.. linked to nj??
ok update my sister scooped me and we going only bc she said we can go for dinner later, also beer.
eating sushi i long island and am lit
this seems ok
that's my favorite phish show, i talk about it all the time. reba &gt; maze w/ whistling (my ringtone) ftmfw.
fuck texas!
i peed on their state sign
just for the record, his name is yefferson mena , p
i know but thanks
headshot session snacks on the ready!
that's not snacks. that's a party!
the correlation is that uzi hasn't put out music better than mediocre after luv is rage
so because my name is lil uzi flirt that means i stan lil uzi? he trash too lol
sure thing - i'll be there about 10:30, tour starts 11
thanks for the reply. i'll try to get there early as well. will we see black mayonnaise?
drake's response to cudi in oracle oakland - "you need to cud-itttt"
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
because fuck meek lol
idk what happened lol
i loved coffee clique against tepin on derby day last year. funny stuff.
i'm with u frank i always tried to beat her yet she kept winning..
tonight showed why fans are so divided on steven mendoza. flashes of brilliance but lack of consistent finishing.
isn't that why he's in the mls? in serious
if anyone else really can go, email esdsinfo.com tix are comp'd.
i hope ur not giving out the tickets u offered me lol
the realization i can't tweet anything without my ex's friends telling him everything makes me mad lol
i'll fuck him up, it's okay
hooking up on a saturday night
no but seriously i am doing the new appliances happy dance. still trying to air out that burnt smell though. whew. lingers omg the worst.
unless something else happened, but shits going down in manhattan on 23rd
there was an explosion but there's no confirmation of what it was! could be gas? could be ied? no one has confirmed
(@ oracle arena in oakland, ca w/ )
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
oh ok. shit. hope williams' name is iron maiden
every couple of story titles should be an im song then. lol
we're a few blocks north. ok here. just heard the explosion.
glad to hear you guys are ok. stay safe!
what is it for?
honestly, i assumed it was. 50-50 raffle but i don't know. maybe it's donations from the pregame presentation?
adventure thread
once again, this beautiful city continues to amaze me
just saw news about chelsea. hope you are all ok and staying safe
i was right there. i'm shook. i'm sorry. just needed to validate my own experience.
manhattan *ied explosion* w 23 st &amp; 7th ave. ied explosion, numerous injuries and damaged buildings. bn-7...
i'm at 23rd and 7th avenue and can't see what exploded
actually...no. that's right don. you and your trumpettes should show up at the polls on nov 9th.
maybe he's doing it deliberately so he'll lose, since he really doesn't want the job anyway.
ok update my sister scooped me and we going only bc she said we can go for dinner later, also beer.
in long eating sushi and am lit famo
ij4 really backed them into a corner, huh? god, that writing. tbh, mutt's not the problem with that film. coulda worked.
at least 1st half mutt. diner scene and motorcycle chase have nice moments. after that... brain damage.
hi, i'm with abc news. is this your photo? can we use it on all platforms and partners with credit to you?
yes my photo and yes you can.
what's going on ???
looks like possible ied which took out a building.. just happening now
isn't that how you had to do the initial connection? usually those require you to be at the router for 1st connection. ^rmd
nope it was all wireless. just had to sync the wps it was pretty easy. and now nothings working and i can't find the inst
this is a real problem. a president, for reasons of safety and national security, can't get ahead of the facts:
trump likely has no sources in the nypd. not one. zero. zip. zilch. nada. null.
why? it appears to be retaliation for a drug deal gone bad, according to nypd
&amp; if it does.. dealers having ain't cause for alarm?
the last time i was at oracle arena was for justin bieber in 2010 lmao
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
"some status quo asshat" - a real description of from her supporters.
i voted for bernie!
disney is magical! learn why amanda huffman loves disneyland and gives it her top vote for travel.
taking my girls is still on our list of things to do this year. glad to hear you recommend it as i had my hesitations.
heart attacks or nah?
a draw that feels like a win... i'll take the point because i wasn't expecting it
i'm lucky that i'm in control of the vision where i'm at. wait, do you not get my matrix reference?
nope, i'm the least techy tech person i know
espn's fpi says florida has a 24% chance to beat tennessee. that's funny.
they also said chad kelley potentially is the best passer in america
my theory is all the rich suburban voters moved to delaware county.
i'm from delaware county (pa). this is true.
breaking: in are mobilizing in groups to warn people about rt
awesomeness! keep up the good work! the dems are so phony-they don't care
have you ever hung out with her
oh, long ago. twenty years ago making appearances at romies traveling clone shows. just acquaintances, but she's nutty!
you at the james bar?
yeah. staying here.
that time of year again when nj women stroll mulberry in their best wedges drinking yard glasses full of diluted cocktails for
those full body yeezy season body suits are outchea on new jersey's finest too
i honestly am astounded you're so gooooooood i wish i had known sooner!
i used to post my art all the time when i barely had followers! but i'm working on more stuff
old, but gold. @ oracle arena warriors
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
"some status quo asshat" - a real description of from her supporters.
but again you support a racist rhonda
it was probs just a chelsea bottom back from a party.
bad taste with people injured.
i loved coffee clique against tepin on derby day last year. funny stuff.
she seemed like a speed horse that would fade..i was wrong!
anyways, i'm done with conference tweets. gonna go generate some stories about cars in hats playing soccer.
thanks expressing my feelings, 20min before i had them
@ day 2 drake summer sixteen w/future at oracle arena
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
when muslims aren't killing us, they're raping our women. cologne. rotherham. budapest.
shut up. you are tiresome. this schtick has gotten old. go do something with your life.
summer sixteen in the bay @ oracle arena and oakland alameda coliseum
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
"i'm going to close my campaign the way i began my career...focused on opportunities for children and fairness for families." -hillary
u suck go trump
why does my hair have 0 volume
bc it isn't a tv and doesn't make sounds
just drove by lebrons house (oracle arena)
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
what is it for?
was just told 50-50 raffle
keith hernandez letting know about the blondes! love broadcast team. easily best in
glad i wasn't the only one who caught that.
sorry, but no. hackathons are not hacking, certainly not in the context of wd2
i believe will be running mini-ctfs at the hackathons and that's how you win a copy of the game.
remember... enjoy your life
-mars guitar&amp;hollywood stars-"the movie"
when i worked at the javits, we were contracted through a company (that stole our money) for $11/hr. other companies there made $15/hr
my company contracts workers at the javits as well, but it also depends on how big the contract is.
tune in now to watch hillary speak to the :
bomb in chelsea. pause.
this is shicking news. spoiler alert. lol
i too am shocked....shocked, i tell you!
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
i'll sign your damn birthday card when you sign mine.
lmaooo i drink while taking antibiotics never hurt me
follows ur footstep
maybe if i start to put myself first i won't get so upset when i get let down
that's never the answer guys
"some status quo asshat" - a real description of from her supporters.
isn't red state the movie where the russians take over the u.s.?
i feel bad for and for having to review crappy each week
its actually not crappy. it's sone great stuff over the last year &amp; isn't paying me
trump's path to victory narrows if hillary wins pa. what other states would she need?
if hillary wins pa,trump could win fl,oh,ia, get nv, keep nc &amp; still lose.with all those he's need a pickup of maybe nh or wi...
is kalins concert bout to be 5 minutes long? or...
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
i see you're a supporter... do you support him threatening the life of hillary clinton? just wondering...
of course this person does - didnt you see pic of parade w/"hillary" in a cage?
she's not the brightest bulb. google assistant is x100 better. i hate female assistant bot trend.
yah, where's my incredibly accurate manservant?
thank you i try my best
you don't even gotta try
i'm putting together an october horror movie challenge playlist. if you have any absolute can't-miss recommendations, let me know!
halloween, the descent, it follows, the babadook
...take a day and research some of these directors. some of their directing credits were minimal before being given a chance....
that was a massacre. don't step to her unless you got faith in your facts people!
trump, stepping off plane in colorado, just said "a bomb went off in new york city." there has been no official confirmation of that.
do you disagree that that's what just happened?? what else is it then?
did eliza's experience break your heart? listening to the soundtrack, she is everything to me and burn just--wooo!
i sobbed. like, tears streaming down my cheeks.
bless up because comes home to me &amp; tomorrow
i miss you guys so much
i'm just playing. my god rt : u coming at me hard chill lmfao
that's how we playing huh
trump, without confirmation of anything, tells co crowd that a bomb went off in new york.
he's from new york, reports are starting to confirm it...i'm surprised he found out so quickly to be honest.
i would be so down for a concert where you at
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
dming tomorrow for the 1st time in 25 years. growing increasingly nervous and feel unprepared. i know everything will be fine but still.
good luck! i always like a few pre-prepared random encounters all worked out to throw in if characters are getting stuck.
josh isn't even in santa cruz yet and i already wanna go visit him
pay me a visit on the freeway
woohoo, hey girl, i'm tweeting you! just started this, hope i don't screw it up! have fun!!
have fun tweeting.
going to a drake concert tonight because i'm a cool mom
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
hillary clinton's pneumonia seems to have helped her
if it's sympathy, it's because people are good, not because the media is fair.
don't they all look so high maintenance?
say hi to mc for me.
they painted over this
you're lying
have you seen junk head? it's a kinda similar concept with physical space &amp; social hierarchy
ok yes gonna check it out
isn't that how you had to do the initial connection? usually those require you to be at the router for 1st connection. ^rmd
the cable didn't work either...
glad you're home safe sounds like they're shutting down some subway lines.
me too, it sounds like things are pretty bad.
nor ours - even one french style event is incomprehensible
my impression is that aussie politics is far more sane and functional than ours
simon the cat (l) and a pair of black sweatpants tossed on the floor (r)
v confusing - but also kudos to the cat for stealth mode
trump, without confirmation of anything, tells co crowd that a bomb went off in new york.
think he is hoping that something bad happens? yep!
# for tickets...
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
feed paper in here
what is going on here
santana concert was the perfect opportunity to take our fire mixtape cover...
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
major explosion right around the corner from my apartment in just happened.
where specifically. trying to find out if it's my building
thanks expressing my feelings, 20min before i had them
mulling markov chains built on a personal retweet corpus
no east carolina is in the aac. south carolina is in the sec. and a lower-end sec team at that. thanks for coming out.
aac is tough
i have been to a game for a while.
it's all good, you're here now!
well i have no business here lol
what u into?
friday was a dream. thank you to everyone who came out to the release concert at oakland's first...
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
should i start tweeting again??? i don't have time to do it much but could assign nelson to do it for me sometimes.
says she is so glad nelson is back!!!
stunning wildlife photography by jimmy marz
wonderful photography philip. have a super saturday night. hugs to millie
countdown to concert time! dad wants to know why all these old...
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
good! apparently there was an explosion in chelsea.
. in brooklyn and safe thanks.
the address reported by fdny is large institutional home for the blind.
do we know if the explosion was in the building or outside it?
i'm not even winning lol
you was winning this whole week damn ! smh
if jesus is god it was jesus fail again lol
son of god. nice try lying imam. all you have accomplished is uniting me with more people against islam. my useful imam! lol
as a motorist, cyclist, or pedestrian?
i was on my bike. hit and run in good old palo alto
deep inside is best, but shooting over a hole then fucking all the cum inside it looks so hot
which means it's great for porn but useless for real fucking
fuck texas!
jk it was just water...but yee texas is mostly stupid
fact-checkers have confirmed your trump's lie to be false. and it is trump who spearheaded
obama spearheaded. here's your proof:
"do whatever you want as long as you want it" &gt;says i want to be a commercial pilot "you can't do that you won't have money" parenting
typical asian families.
blast rips through street: 'everybody started running'
first night out with wife after 2nd child and at wine bar 1 block away. shook entire building. scene outside is nuts
doesn't get much better than this- concert &amp; shirts, duh! ...
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
former defense secretary robert gates says is 'beyond repair'
business his dealings are with people who are not doing any business.a smart business man wouldavoidhim
i didn't think you'd watch movies like that, david.
i watch more or less anything - but i actually loved the first one, so excited for this
my impression is that aussie politics is far more sane and functional than ours
if there were a half dozen jihadi style knife or bomb attacks in the us, you were see homegrown militias etc- bad stuff
how can we make football safer? read the commissioner's letter.
how about not slamming into one another? that would make football safer.
when you go to a concert for the bands you grew up with, with the...
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
me shamelessly posing in the sunshine over a beer this afternoon goodnight animal lovers, have a peaceful night x
happy saturday evening.
shoulda been with niggas in k town last night
i peeped, niggas wanna do all the fun shit when i'm gone
didn't you see an explosion near to your place this morning as well? i'm scared as shit
no it was down the shore but i almost went today but didn't !!
indeed you are
says the one who wants to turn the clock back 1400 years.
wow i hope no one is hurt
calling for multiple ambulances, on the spot triage centers based on news reports.. everything be evacuated in the area
tune in- tonight! live on facebook for my concert! get your requests and shout...
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
that is true, there's no interest in actually pushing back. or actually standing for something other than career.
there are some ambitious outsiders...
as a student, you think everything is the world against penn state...when in reality, it wasn't.
joepa had so much to do with the culture at penn state that it's easy to feel like it's an attach on the school. but it's obvi much deeper.
weren't you still drunk at that time? lolol
lol hell yea but u was too when u left the slumber party for mcdonald's
took you long enough, ho.
wtf this didn't show up. putos! y t puta!
whyyyyy did so many of you like this thirst trap?
honey, that's not a thirst trap
as always, be meticulous about information before retweeting it. don't spread potentially dangerous false information.
what is true. where specifically? trying to find out if it's my building. i'm not home thank god but live on 6/7 and 23
oh ok i see. not coming tonight then?
probably not. buuuut i did buy jenga. and some spicy peppers so in 2 weeks we can play habanera jenga and record it lol
that's what i was talking about, but to do that initial connection you had to be near your router to connect via wps. ^rmd
ok i think i connected them from that room. but anyway i did try doing it right near each other and nothing
digable planets was lit last night! shoutout to for being the best concert buddy a...
join the nba2k launch party tonight in san francisco. nba players will be in the building
ur so much like james yall r both so talented
omfghdubd i almost cried, he's my biggest inspo that's such a fucking compliment ily
just heard some white kid say macklemore is better then kendrick???
that kid is woke
different explosion. says it was an ied in a dumpster. he lives nearby.
and also claims an ied @ chelsea home for the blind...
i'm getting seriously angry that not one station has switched from football to whatever is going on in .
ny1 is live...
[crickets!]
which shows he is no true leader. him having to re-brand at least twice says a lot.....
it's like sam went on a magic carpet ride with aladin &amp; saw fireworks.
i don't begrudge sam since he was subject to watson. the darkest of times.
apologies sally ann. bardo x
no problem. everyone put a t on
. and this tweet is more proof that you are lacking on the "basic human decency" front.
what a loser.
low blow, eye poke, just need cage grab now..
maybe someone can leave a stool in the cage
he knows how i feel about ariana grande tho...
extremely positive about ariana grande?
but its wheelchair accessible so lamps can get 40' in before the hoveround dies
lampard would be team leader in goals if he played for dallas
she gave that man 25 years of her life and he thanks her by leaving her for his secretary? the secretary ought to be ashamed
hmm..maybe he feels she took 25 yrs of his life!
hillary needs to be more like trump in one area, she apologized for .... she didn't need to, many are deplorable.
regardless if they can or do vote, obama/hillary's base has way more felons than trump's. book on it. who's deplorable, again?
different explosion. says it was an ied in a dumpster. he lives nearby.
notice our intrepid is elsewhere??
the events that puts on for / are excellent - if you've never been i highly recommend them
not until they have a coc
i believe will be running mini-ctfs at the hackathons and that's how you win a copy of the game.
they're also running an ongoing ctf right now: will be interesting to see how...
which means no chance of seeing jax in unless the time is before soa. lol
although jt was hit by semi, dragged 178yards &amp; lived for 2days i like odds of jax surviving
breaking news: at least 14 injured after massive explosion in manhattan.
where in manhattan ?
let me get some questions for a q&amp;a use as always i'll look at them later tonight.
what state do you live in?
and the blond girl was just looking at him
yes, emma did just sit and look at matt a few times.
and please cut broadcast to
can't watch any news on fox and nbc and abc due to football
everyone's laughing at samsung but do you realize the note 7 is *literally* the most phone of all time
it's really had an explosive impact
yeahhh... but i also get the "you're a bitch" comment so i do try to be friendly... it's a fine line.
def agree that totally ignoring can be worse on the male ego/escalate situation it sucks.
joepa had so much to do with the culture at penn state that it's easy to feel like it's an attach on the school. but it's obvi much deeper.
i'm thankful that joepa had a part in making my school experience great up until his very death. however, the man is not a saint.
no hating here cereals whack
you don't know shit oml frank
still got those balloons
i know i keep refreshing :)
i mean i'm glad we get to the point but there's no point lol
but what u into
i wish i was... i wish i was
whobthe fuck do they think they are bitchh ass buttholes
armchair thinkers who've never done anything except for beat palestinian prisoners and whine have all the solutions.
disgusting anti semitism!
the verb "are" requires a plural noun...
i teach english &amp; i love to see someone who is up on their grammar! :)
reported as an ied with injuries. news is now reporting.
lots of conflicting reports. i'm literally here on the street and can't see any evidence of debris etc
and is this all on are there other sources?
"some scientific researchers have expressed objective concern over certain ingredients"
things i learned after my miserable week of home it: 1. i should have replaced leased cable modem eons ago. do this. it takes 5 minutes.
ordered an arris sb6141 this am. amazon delivered same day and now up and running. thanks!
they're also running an ongoing ctf right now: will be interesting to see how...
hackathon attendees take to ctfs. i think many will enjoy it, but others will be very very confused. :p
this guy on tv keeps demanding his wife be locked up for stealing his vcr smh
hmm... i wonder how much my insurance company would give me as a replacement value for a stolen vcr?
why are the a's always good when i can't watch smh
literally the whole kc series for me hahah
you were just incredible in aida. your "elaborate lives" is still at the top of my favorites.
thanks for that....
anti-cop note found at scene of deadly philly rampage; gunman identified via the app
and your point is?
the westminster system stymies much stupid politicians' antics
i agree. our system was an adhoc operation from 1800-1970s, that has broken down
lake como is only one hour by car from milan. rent an italian sport car and head to !
absolutely a must on everyone's bucket list. paradise
"some scientific researchers have expressed objective concern over certain ingredients"
"sometimes added to condoms, notably talc and nitrosamines."
pa is just a bridge too far for republicans, they'll never get it. curious about va or co though.
brian i do think she will win va and co
i liked a video the sugar hill gang - rapper's delight ( hq, full version )
hip hpy -a -hip-hop-hibbity-band,bang, boogie 2 be . cheers we
shout out to !!
i need this congratulations in person... come back to me guysssssss!
its really becoming uncool to be a leafy fan, she was the biggest leafy supporter
come and find me i know you live in buffalo new york
only if you're bad and i push you into the creek, lol
i'd like to live so unfortunately i'll behave. hold the black mayo.
i've always been kinda frustrated by hunchback of notre dame. always felt like 70% of a great movie plus extra bullshit
yeah but i feel like the good stuff still stands out as better than p&amp;f, like hellfire, out there, the fool's day sequence
not this time (g's csewy) gets terrific education and cool-headed ride by robby albarado acing g3 iroquois for team albaugh &amp; .
are u going to consul miss weber on world approval with an easy lead yet choked with an ass fucking in the pea patch at ellis?
yaaaaas &amp; 'side to side' is the most requested song of the hour on !
brand new tune life
happy burtdi ate have a nice day ahead
salamat have a nice day din
add me on snapchat! username: therealtboz
awwwwhh shoot! let the shenanigans begin
and going downhill..somebody i follow reported hearing of a second bomb located. glad you're home!!
jesus. i wonder what the hell is happening out there?
i wonder if russ brandon made the rounds to the local media to make sure that it was all on rex and management didn't force anything.
additionally, i don't buy that rex wants his teams throwing. all you have to do is look at the run/pass ratio in ny.
tune in now to watch hillary speak to the :
she belongs with that group of hating racists. they deserve each other.
these niggas act like bitches i call em tyler perry
forever a classic line that will never be forgotten
i'm profoundly impressed with your work! want to collaborate?
yes absolutely. dm me
rolling your eyes can have bad side effects lol
been rolling my eyes since 1995
"sometimes added to condoms, notably talc and nitrosamines."
"dry dusting powders are applied to latex condoms before packaging..."
i'm thankful that joepa had a part in making my school experience great up until his very death. however, the man is not a saint.
if anything, his inability to act did more damage to the victims and their families than not. but hey, anything for football i guess.
"it's not about golf course promotions or birth certificates. it comes down to ... who will really have your back in the wh," clinton says
really said golf promotions!! lol
shout out to pittsburgh glass artist dan sullivan. it was hard to pick just two.
i've had one of his necklaces for years, it's my favorite. gets lots of compliments! they're gorgeous
great: my sooners blow down the field, suddenly lose og cody ford - and momentum. missed easy fg. bummer sooner.
i'm just glad the game started. a 90 minute weather delay? and neither side has given up a td or fg. it'll be a tight game
ied just went off in manhattan. jersey earlier. it's arrived....
what has arrived, jenna?
should i throw all these months of sobriety down the drain?
send it to me instead
mike leake was never on the giants. never happened.
seriously. forgettable
hey thanks for being top retweeters last week, have a great saturday :)
manty ths - cheers love - hap sat all
donald trump got off his plane and begun rally telling crowd "bomb went off in nyc".... officials &amp; journey still working to confirm details
trump has zero sources with fdny or nypd. not one.
man we safe in the hood don't fret lmaoooo
i work in chelsea, 27th street, yep. i be aware.
cahill is not pitching today apparently.
hahahaha. he should never pitch for the cubs.
u rly understand how much medical supplies cost when ur mom gives u a flu shot at her clinic &amp; refuses to use gloves or give u a bandaid
yooo this is so accurate
just a couple of blocks from my nyc office. scary stuff.
were you there? did you feel it?
donald trump got off his plane and begun rally telling crowd "bomb went off in nyc".... officials &amp; journey still working to confirm details
he is an absolute fucking monster!
my tweets r directed towards u
stop throwing subs then, tag me pussy
we are doing there after meadowlands! oct 2nd
the event at citi field?
hello sweetie, was hoping for an honest answer from her though... &lt;3
"honest answer" not likely if following model of her idol...
a famous brazilian actor sun pisces died on sep 15 while swimming.
that is horrible. neptune very prominent on eclipse and neptune rules the sea. so sorry to hear this.
"dry dusting powders are applied to latex condoms before packaging..."
"to prevent the condom from sticking to itself when rolled up."
it seems to me, chad is going to move on way too fast, i hope not because i'll be pissed.
i don't think so. he could have cheated with ciara at any point in time and it never happened.
u rly understand how much medical supplies cost when ur mom gives u a flu shot at her clinic &amp; refuses to use gloves or give u a bandaid
except my mom just brings is home from her office
it's weird... i been doing comedy 25 years professionally and i feel like i'm getting funnier.
it's just. as we get older, life becomes funnier. and with your family your life should be so funny. will you all do somethin.
isn't red state the movie where the russians take over the u.s.?
no worries, comrade
were you able to sync other devices with wps? wondering if your netgear may have an update pending. you may want to check.^jra
as the router. it was working fine up to that day
as promised, here's a peek at bloopers from the new batch of podcasts and i have started recording.
this is second time i hear this and i am crying
1,500 retweets and i'll tweet niall's flight
why would you want to help niall get mobbed?
.1) $10mm to the charity of your choice if you let me interview you for 4 hrs on your policies and their substance.
c'mon mark. 5 minutes of him are good for a few laughs, then it's like watching paint dry.
no doubt. i just find it curious when folk only blame 3rd party supporters, and not those who actually vote for trump/bush.
risking another 50yrs of this guy and right-wing scotus? not an option.
the ruins of , , by moonlight.
have a weekend full of beauty and happiness. wonderful photograph
damn, yea i work by grand central occasionally which is a hot spot lmao
use to work on madison ave and 55st, i was always
and i thought i had a problem... 's tabfinity!
seriously, tabs outliner. it's the best research chrome tool i know.
really? we must be neighbors.
just off dolores. in fact i'm at now.
as said, this election is about what kind of country we want to be and what we want to leave behind for future generations.
people backing trump wants to see nazi rule.dominated by whites.minorities would face lot of problems.
i miss my family. also, i feel too shy to talk to my friends online. like really talk. i lost the ability to just gab on...
ahh :c do you talk to people one on one or in a group?
again, i'm not there. scattered reports seem to suggest in front of building. but reports seem totally unclear.
ap reporting "building explosion".
impressed bama rallied from 24-3 to take 18-pt lead. but got several lucky bounces/caroms/calls. and how can no. 1 team allow 43 points???
a win is a win! plus 13 points in last 3 minutes was just carelessness. look at fsu!!
why are you not live there ??
are there 2 separate incidents in chelsea?
look at that jawline
that's one sexy ass nigga
oh god - that's horrible - hoping everyone is ok
watching this on the news as. i read this tweet
hello sweetie, was hoping for an honest answer from her though... &lt;3
i probably should ad the one superlative i think can be applied to d.t. is he lies more &amp; better than satan
i love a good hissy fit, &amp; churkin looked like he was working himself up into a doozy when cnn nipped it
i am sure rt will give it plenty of airtime.
obviously i consider any retweet to be unlawful redistribution.
also an endorsement.
regardless if they can or do vote, obama/hillary's base has way more felons than trump's. book on it. who's deplorable, again?
or maybe you think that a taxpaying trump supporter with a job and some prejudices is worse than a thug who mugs you at gunpoint
"to prevent the condom from sticking to itself when rolled up."
"nitrosamines, which are potentially carcinogenic in humans,[118]"
not saying i'm happy w/ a single stray poll. but had it said trump +1, i'd be in the fetal position right now.
exactly! i'll take it.
a huge thank you to our esteemed judges ...
loving it! loving you guys
just saw more than 10 nypd cars going towards after an was reported. hope everyone is ok
and now more than 20 nypd motorbikes
to be fair, tv is attempting to verify things where as twitter is just going w/whatever.
they should report : explosion. cause unknown. we are tracking it.
what happened?
explosion in chelsea. not much details yet.
as said, this election is about what kind of country we want to be and what we want to leave behind for future generations.
r u still up or at bed in ur daughters house
this is just awful.
been trying to figure out what's happening for last 30 minutes and not getting much info
it seems to me, chad is going to move on way too fast, i hope not because i'll be pissed.
so what would make now any different just because it's someone else?
"nitrosamines, which are potentially carcinogenic in humans,[118]"
"are believed to be present in a substance used to improve elasticity in latex condoms"
this doesn't look like this will be a good night for the fighting irish. msu looks in complete control &amp; that's scary.
yet still only one td and a 2pt conversion from being tied. the sky is not falling
"a fantastic read and a tale worth telling." (--tom chamberlin, the rake) on my book safari.
absolutely amazing adventure
being hungover is just choosing difficult mode on the game of life.
actually, that's the easy mode of game of stay in bed.
something blew up in my neighborhood. not sure what. but i did hear a cop be very rude to a black guy on a bike. so that happened, too.
oh no. all ok? t and i are thinking of you
exactly! i was like let me google. . . ."oh hell no"
me exactly
i received my girlfriends permission to include emma watson on this
my girlfriend/fiance/wife always gave me permission for alyson hannigan back in the day.
winston era
so 2 years?
that's me in the car. i can't imagine seeing it live. i hate feeling sad for hamilton during it's quiet uptown, but i'm always
so much pain in that song.
christina. you can't convince the bear to not put beans up its nose. so don't poke it.
i can warn the deer that the beers in that part of the wood are carnivorous.
once syria is destabilized they'll spill into lebanon. then we go into lebanon.
hint: syria has been destabilized since 2011. you really might want to talk to, like, actual syrians.
"subtle eyeliner" is a foreign concept to me
lmao "natural beat" what is that?
olive oil is so yummy! i must get over to your ranch for a taste test. geez! you're in my neighborhood. ;)
i keep vowing to get over to , so hopefully, one day, the planets will align -- and i'll bring some evoo!
you're kidding right. trump can't get out of his own way. ruined the strides by threatening hillary's life. campaign over
you're just another pessimist who can't see the forest for the trees!. trump!!! and be happy!
"it hurts my feelings that my friends think my protest vote helped cause this apocalypse" --rejected millennial freelance pitch, march 2017
let's go out and have some fun.
reported explosions in manhattan. pretty vague on info rn, at least 15 injured. stay safe.
omg wtf that's crazy. but thanks for the info! i will!
anyone know what it was yet?
nothing for sure yet
dreaming of parties in bush wick/ridge wood
i know a party in ridgewood tonight but probably less exciting than you imagine
i'm in love withthis dress. wondering how many more events i can wear it to.
(excuse the mess. it was a chaotic morning.)
im so stressed out
u need some of this!!
"go do something with your life," says the guy who hosts a star trek podcast.
you can keep doubling-down on hate, but it won't ever make your parents less ashamed of you.
re: chelsea explosion, it would help if news twitters weren't also tweeting unconfirmed rumors like everyone else
people are saying ied or even car bomb, none of this is anything more than guesses right now
"his mouth fell out of his face"
now we're talkin my hood 23&amp;bway flatiron. terrorist or suicide bomber.n any case it's the banksters
probably like a dollar if you're lucky
but mine is priceless!
yaaaaas &amp; 'side to side' is the most requested song of the hour on !
brand new tune
i think it's a matter of it flying closer to the sun and thus feeling more frustrating to me
i'm more willing to take the flourishes of genius out of the overall solid film as opposed to p&amp;f's 1 solid scene
just found out today, that i can't copy and past in mail anymore either ...
you're doing it wrong. it works i just tried.
i didnt know two man riding a motorcycle was considered gay until i came to this country lol in dr thats so common ppl dont even notice it
i think it's weird cause ya gotta grab man by his waist n all
sexiest dead farmer ever
you got that right!
taking all i have within me not to ask this hipster in a coffee shop why he's voluntarily wearing 70s polyester shirt &amp; pants like a grandpa
normcore dude inspired by thegetdown
that doesn't sound good
no it doesn't... manhattan explosion: info so far - at least 14 injured - reports of second ied found - evacuations ordered
ole miss just got burned by two bad replay decisions on the td pass and on 1st and goal. both were touchdowns.
nope. replay officials were spot on! you just don't like giving credit to bama for that goal line defense.
lol u should know
i don't tbh
i'm only hearing about one. are you hearing about a second?
an ied in a dumpster and a building collapse? can't tell if they're the same.
what happened?
oh nothing unsorted. just a comment on the clarity of focus a shared set of values bring
hope you're feeling better.
i only feel okay when i take my pain meds, once they wear off its painful as hell like now
so tokyo is half the price of san francisco per sq/ft. seems like supply is working well to keep prices low
finish the article. when comparing similarly sized apts tokyo is 5th most expensive in world, rent comparable to sf.
and now my work phone is going off
get to it superman
, what happened? from , please follow back to chat - melissa.myers.ca
all shaken up... wife and two daughters and me about to get on subway and huge explosion behind us
developing: nypd / fdny responding to possible explosion in manhattan.
what the ,,,,
seeing tweets of a rumor of a train derailment. that's not what happened. i head the explosion from 2 blocks away. saw debris in street.
still here, man? just happened to be here as well.
crude pipe bomb tied to the tailpipe that wasn't powerful enough to blow up the car
niece grazed by a bullet in "crude" dive-by wednesday a.m., not the story right now!
does everyone know how fucking dangerous it is to say this? we here in new york don't know what it was, but he does?
if trump handles an explosion on a chelsea corner like this, how would he handle a national security situation? pray we never have to learn.
i'm pretty sure this is how you summon a white girl.
if any of that is pumpkin spice, then yes
we're super busy today &amp; i'm loving the rush
you still want that shrimp cocktail ?
a photo went out i think
the one of the dumpster?
i'm being aggressively asked if i'm jewish - or, if i'm committed to jewish interests.
heh. same. for writing about immigration presumably. weird.
cuz at first i was like ied, what kind of light is that lmao
right! lmao "that must be new"
i have 5 hours b4 this essay is due but guess what! i love papyrus?
doin't write your essay on papyrus
slime boy huey confirm
im not huey thats u
i blame writing.i won't turn on chad, but it's in such poor taste 2rush him being "ok." live,yes;flirt,no
i didn't think it was flirting at all. at least not from chad.
his profile is especially hilarious.
thank you. thank you so much
yaaaaas &amp; 'side to side' is the most requested song of the hour on !
brand new tune
he didn't say it but my sensitivity to islamophobia tells me it's so! where is winston smith?
is winston smith the author of the new hate speech law hillari is drafting that will imprison trump?
do you ever buy into the terror in america when the history is disenfranchised white christian men , with a few other sects?
i have no idea what you're talking about o.o
obama will blame bush or say isis needs to cross a line. that line was crossed a long time ago
libs will blame ar15's and the bible.
rt iamscotty4u: if it had anything to do with wars or bailouts i'm sure there'd be no problem.
black lungs vote against their economic interests to uphold their social prejudices: racism/xenophobia/homophobia et al
i hope you are safe! i'm a reuters reporter. would you give us permission to use your pic of the apt after the explosion?
yes that's fine, thank you
things you hear if the are playing: "addison reed is warming up"
"james loney on deck" for some odd reason i hear this all the time.
yall be safe, nyc police 'responding to a report of an explosion at 23rd st. and 6t ave
yeah subways are not stopping there
yeah i tweeted to my bestie
my tweet had nothing to do with you, that's why i'm confused
thanks for the recent follow happy to connect :) have a great saturday. (via
thank you so much. happy sunday to you too
this guy maz jabroni keeps taking my gigs!
i loved the scene in descendants were you told ( cruella ) "ooh burn !"
busta rhymes is thee most in shape fat nigga i've ever seen! he looks like a wise black chinese man
look like he been hittn the bottle a bit too much
he's better in col, i tend to agree abt wat. cronin's not the "michael bradley" that some claimed, but not bad
he's definitely not bad, and i'm glad he found a forever home in co. he has done well for himself there.
if i really lost this cash......
jk i found it i knew i wasn't a dumb hoe
i made one of those mood boards for my satsuki cosplay lol : reflections photography/elysium photography
i lovveeee this
where's the vulture when you need him
he's wearing
trump's penchant for conspiracy theories and unfounded ideas would be most damaging in crises.
it's not that this statement will cause damage. it's that it reflects how he'd react rashly in crises as president.
when there's an explosion of uncertain origin in america's largest city, source i most trust is russia's state-owned english-language media.
thank god the us owned english language media hasn't completely fucking blown every war for the last 25 years
breakfast turned out amazing!
piece of art!
holy cow. "none of the 21 scientists scheduled to speak were women." page turner...
yup. love the org that is tracking percent diverse speakers in scientific events.
are your roommates okay?!
yes thank god "/
may we use your photo on news?
of course with credit
iphone 7 plus at 32% battery. took off charger around 10:30am this morning. not too shabby imo.
also, lol at seamless with 40 minutes of screen on time. i swear it doesn't take me that long to order food...
"4 things i learned from hanging out at google hq" by . ok to be the dumbest one in the room
for sure! thanks for sharing mary
man, i love my best friend so much
you're my world
left dinner with on 8th ave. he walked down and i walked up. i turned right on 23rd to head to the 1 train. i got to the (cont.)
southwest corner and heard an extremely loud sound similar to the one i heard last year on 7/2nd. i looked ahead (east) and saw smoke fr...
they can't show their cards too soon when the shit hits the fan they will have to speak up i still believe they hope h wins
i hope so too, i pray everyday she will and i also make calls every day
releases warning that humans should not kiss chickens. it can cause salmonella. and it's never gonna work out between you two anyway.
ms. m that's funny.
u gonna get that work
u both gonna get that work
lmao well, mine were. in a size 13 to be exact. s/o to johan adammson and my fam over there at puma
collect her
wait i'm so out of loop. what's happening?
explosion on 23rd and 6th
thank you cause i was about to google search.
lol no prob!
2: institutional home for the blind. they've been doing some kind of construction there for months. there's scaffolding and a big ...
careful, to save face at his co rally, trump will begin scapegoating the blind.
just wondering if it's silicon valley market-based disruption. this would make an interesting dialogue in
it absolutely is
this is an eye-opening statement. with all of the talent in southern california, should never look like this.
they probably should've fired sarkissian last year....
i am beyond excited to see my best friend tomorrow. my alex withdrawals are so bad.
i'm looking forward to it!!
well, ohio state and oklahoma are playing.
or the mariners
i live for couple fighting, it's like a reality show irl
there's a couple fighting on my stoop right now. you'd be in heaven!
hello! hope you are doing well. you've missed nothing except author controversies. lol!
i'm ok. i need a new job as work is sucking the life out of me. what author controversies? how have you been?
ask hillary diehards what they think of nyt coverage. this is point in convo where i say have a great day &amp; bow out
i blocked several tweets before you did. kid had his fascism exactly backwards. @ wh1skii
to be honest, every game should be called by kruk &amp; kuip on tv. never mind all this musical chairs rotating broadcaster bullshit
everyone needs to go on assignment now and then...
fyi msnbc is on live covering it
but not the local stations: nor pix11
i want to go back to californi
also good song by grimes
looking forward to president trump's live twitter commentary on suspected north korean nuclear tests.
looking foward to president trump's deportation of jeff goldberg.
yeah, as philly suburbs dem here, that was a nice poll to see tonight. i can sleep well at least one night
lol i totally understand what you mean.
nyc people be safe. i was in the area. i'm okay but rattled
glad to hear you're ok.
that usc stuff on mccaffrey was skov-ian
yeah not really
why do we give them the quasi legitimization of using the word "truth" in describing anything they do?
that article was so incredibly sad...
was just about to hit you and ask if you were good. be careful seen its some explosion in the city
yea i'm in brooklyn thank goodness
likewise, really wish i could be there for this one!
next time we're coming to texas
mt : u/d manhattan: west 23 st &amp; 7th ave, nypd calling a level 2 mobilizn re an explosive with a building collapse.
shit. thanks for letting me know. we aren't at home now, but that's too close to the bf's apartment.
slam watch. give it a ride, conforto.
line out to the second basemen cause conforto can't hit for anything -.-
you don't know that - nothing's been confirmed. don't spread rumors. wait for the facts.
its in the news now so please keep ur warning, its not a rumor, its a fact. its an ied explosion. bye for now
im dying squirtle
what's tha mystery accessory
time to crunch out hammers v3. then can judge me for ui fails. :0
get's out the red pen in advance ;)
remember when that entire building face blew out in chelsea a few years back? don't jump to conclusions.
no jumping,just commerce...it's always the banksters marlowe;)
less than 45 seconds (yes i timed it!) to get registered for at hilton. amazingly efficient
excellent, i'll head there instead of moscone. thanks for the heads up :)
fox news just ran it.
fox really taking advantage.. never saw so many commercials in a row...
explosion reported in chelsea district of new york city, emergency workers rush to the scene
1 injury. no carnage, no smoke, no fire. people going about their business.
i'm sorry it's the song, that's why i stopped making videos a long time ago, so frustrating can you post it here instead?
ughhh it really is frustrating... gonna try!!
stay safe nyc family
you too man
. ur ilk intentionally victimized my ppl, but my ppl still does not view ourselves as victims. we are victorious!
don't waste your time ms. l. you have better things to do than play ping with a bigot.
still traumatized by the time i was asked to read a math problem out loud in my 5th grade math class and i read "lbs" (pounds) as "libs"
my daughter who was in 6th grade read .50 miles as 5. we were lost in beverly hills.
southwest corner and heard an extremely loud sound similar to the one i heard last year on 7/2nd. i looked ahead (east) and saw smoke fr...
from the middle of the road on the east side. i went to call 911 but only had 3% battery and already saw sirens. i called and..
to everyone retweeting anonymous or speculation-laced sources about the events in nyc tonight: knock it off.
i'm in ny and clueless as to what's going on. only reason i know something's up is cuz i was asked.
hi, i'm a journalist with the nytimes. did you shoot this video, and if so could we use it in our reporting with credit to you?
yea go ahead i have more
what you expect
i knew it was gonna be good but i didn't think it was a modern show
it has been confirmed as a bomb, you bespectacled gimp.
delete this!!!!!!!!!!! mr goldberg is a mensch! trump was wrong, like he wrong about the migrants being isis!
position of dismissing other people's direct mortal fears over result of either current potus candidate in itself require+creates privilege.
we must defeat racists. it is this generations moral calling. please, don't confuse this
happy birthday po !!!! enjoy your day po! luv u!!!
salamat anj
so glad to have met inspiration epatient advocate ftf at
hey nick - u at medx? would love to say hello.
steven, now it's just the new dog - 100% jazzpah - he's the cool dude just like you!
woff! woff!! cheers ! lol i love it! ths &amp; salute @ sir jd!!. - pure class
i'll see you at the concert
what row you in and you left already?
oh ya, but ive played so many connect for games with my son. i love him but hood nothing back
lol your not one of those that gets pissed when you're losing n flips the board n storms away r ya?
youre just grabbing urself to be safe, idk i guess bc i grew up seeing it, it doesnt faze me
i mean me a nuh mind seeing it i jus personally wouldn't do it.
what i sent could be wrong now.
its all very calm here! no panic, no bloody bodies etc. just one heck of a bang!!!
i'm thinking some ice cream and netflix...gonna wait til 10 to see what unfolds but yea
yeah i got until 1 with my pass soo me nd mike are leaving a little later
them too...i still don't believe in them...
me either. not even getting excited. they've done this before.
are my various nyc peeps all okay?
i don't think anyone was in the area
"after he allegedly assaulted a woman who ended their four-year relationship a few months ago."&lt;---4 years.....
"she was also examined by a forensic nurse who found she had multiple physical injuries"&lt;-injuries consistent with actual rape?
is no better a liar than the next guy honey, the press quit doing their jobs, unless it's to smear hillary...
true. ever since reagan axed the fairness doctrine media has been anything but fair...
now playing on funx slowjamz : needed me - rihanna
brand new tune
ssd crashed, no backups, no motivation
ohhhh that is bad i'm sorry :(
this seems ok
@ me after maze
well asshole if you have a case do it! stop talking shit! you've got no balls! nazi bastard!
he is a wimp coward!
i think he'll take pa. more leaks are coming too. they'll be more missteps for clinton
he's not taking pa. philadelphia and pittsburgh metro areas are solidly blue
doesn't matter if it's ultimately correct. this kind of reckless behavior is a public hazard.
said not worry, he'll just order some random person on the street to be summarily executed to "send a message"
felt shockwave through apt and smells of gunpowder. reports say ied went off in dumpster bw 6/7th on 23rd. fbi on site. thts and prayers
wow. sorry to hear - hope everyone 's ok.
breaking news: explosion with injuries reported in manhattan. emergency units rushing.
1 injury, no carnage, no fire, no smoke, people going about their business.
at 740 ! , who was never photographed in a cowboy hat
i love aunt and uncle imus and cousin curtis
again, i don't see what is wrong with trying to work with our allies.
russia will play trump like drum.they would expand.russia is in real trouble.
she couldn't have took 25 years of his life because he asked to marry her, not the other way around.
u don't know a person until ur married and live with them... and if it was 25 yo it was the norm for the man to ask.
trump is also playing the race card, fella...with downscale white folks.
downscale? that would be you, especially after that comment.
so tokyo is half the price of san francisco per sq/ft. seems like supply is working well to keep prices low
tokyo just *looks* cheaper because avg apt size is nearly half the avg apt size in sf.
from the middle of the road on the east side. i went to call 911 but only had 3% battery and already saw sirens. i called and..
told him "phone is dying. don't get on the subway. explosion." he asked where, i told him. i flagged a cab on 8th ave and took it uptown.
watching one of the worst breaking news interviews on ny1 about the explosion in nyc on 23st.
even worse is trump announcing it was a bomb without any evidence
what is it about?
so far these siblings who are completely different come back together when their father passes
any chance you'll live the ride to capitol inside limo ? please say yes!
any chance you'll live the ride to capitol inside limo w/? please say yes!
any confirmation on that? why the thumbs up in the picture?
:facepalm: that's a hand holding a phone, not a thumbs-up
"she was also examined by a forensic nurse who found she had multiple physical injuries"&lt;-injuries consistent with actual rape?
"the defendant also stated he felt she had eventually consented 'when you took your clothes off...'"
i appreciate your efforts
dont worry im coming too
breaking: explosion rocks chelsea in new york city
no secondary device at 23rd st. confirmed.
hey : heading out on the town. thanks for the kit!
that's a great flask.
the idea that one is "privileged" if they don't fear a trump presidency over a clinton presidency is nonsensical.
no, it isn't. recognizing privilege sucks... but it also is liberating
one of the twitter gays y'all rt all the time is ugly!!!! yeah i said it!
you can @ horace we all know
who is the man of the match?
khiry shelton is the man of the match. he has rewarded vieira's faith as a spark plug off the bench.
which way does a cyclopes wing their eyeliner?
up, it's all up
i feel sad when i see abandoned houses.
me too. and that one's a beauty.
ah, the rich, nutty goodness of a hacker news thread about homelessness in san francisco. from first principles.
has anyone blamed "fiat currency" yet?
got her number i ain't even call
so call "dutchman"
electric shock switch
shocking, simply shocking. james bond quotes, batman!
yuck. i'm a national guy but i just don't rent cars that often any more.
uber to santa barbara would be a little extreme.
watching last weeks iyanla again priming for tonight's new episode!
please see my pinned tweet!
from the news, there was some kind of explosion. my friends in that area appear to be safe.
oh my! glad your friends (at least appear) to be safe. praying for this city.
sameee i need to see you more often
i'm slowly getting through my anxiety to do more, i swear. let me add your # now too!
looked to be closer to the old tekserve
this is so insane. are your safe? were you there firsthand? did a building collapse??
oh shit. who has the disposable earplug connect???
i forgot mine
i won't! but just thinking about him is giving me strength to finish it...
wait you don't mean the egyptian paper do you
i was there - driving and it shook the area 3 blocks away- insanely scary. i knew it wasn't normal
glad you're okay man, get wherever you're going safely!
shit. explosion in chelsea in new york. suggestions it was a deliberate bombing.
there's been no official comment at all. you're making shit up.
now playing on funx slowjamz : needed me - rihanna
brand new tune @
its always nice being appreciated thank you for the compliments g
you're welcome h
hi this is vicki from cbs news. would you have pics/vids of this we can use? we will credit you. thank you!
dumpster on 23rd street after the explosion #
breaking: reports of an explosion on w23rd st &amp; 6th ave. we are on our way.
be safe tonight.
j d sorting it - re carmella. he's still in office, will do it then call you at 11.30pm est when he's finished.
. - jazzy! we try our best 2 support those who the love .
i forgot mine
where is when you need him
i get your point scary in general!! xoxo
of course not trying to argue i just don't want people panicking and endangering more people.
syrian &amp; leb friends.i meant once assad was gone.ffs i don't have a full page like i'm fb.if you're gonna be a dick piss off.
first, i think you are incorrect on lebanon. neither u.s. turkey nor israel want incursion.
told him "phone is dying. don't get on the subway. explosion." he asked where, i told him. i flagged a cab on 8th ave and took it uptown.
i had my laptop in my bag so i pulled it out and used it to charge my phone in the traffic on the west side highway. helicopters and sirens.
he has inflicted stockholm syndrome on america...it's not even that we're numb to it..."
there is a choice however not allow yourself to be abused. stop the madness. choose peace
explosion at 23rd and 6th. at least 14 minor injuries reported so far. 1 is a kid, 8 yo...
lord have mercy. praying for the injured and responding.
and as white men are overly represented in business and politics there is clearly a problem.
if you are that left go find and talk to her.
police sources are saying the nyc explosion was due to an "explosive device."
fox news finally covering it...
just off dolores. in fact i'm at now.
nice! i'm off 29th
fuk yeh, dude! depends how long, but you probs can't go wrong with an airbnb in fitzroy. close to the city, dope food, bars, etc
dope! 3 days :) how's public transportation there? easy to get around?
what's worse?
"it's like, you don't know, or maybe don't even care how i feel!"
i wanna be your vacuum cleaner, breathing in your dust...
doesnt sound healthy for your lungs
yeah. flack going up too. injuries, probably. reports of deaths look bogus, so far. claims of "bombs" not confirmed...
there's so much insane disinformation flying around
no, but it never stopped him before
look at it live
. repping big time tonight!
made the trip too
how does the dark knight celebrate ? with tix to on 10/10!
holy film event!
if trump handles an explosion on a chelsea corner like this, how would he handle a national security situation? pray we never have to learn.
not one local network here in new york has broken in to give updates about the explosion. no nypd updates. yet trump "knows" it was a bomb.
l think that is what i said. let me clarifyhillysucks
indeed, she does. we just need to convince the others
if you don't list the exact pod version, or check in your deps, you do not have a reproducible build
this is true, but i'm not sure the majority of app developers _need_ that until later in an apps lifetime - depends on team
some chili verde sounds so bomb right now..
i made something better if you wanna come over and eat
i had my laptop in my bag so i pulled it out and used it to charge my phone in the traffic on the west side highway. helicopters and sirens.
flew overhead. i am now home and safe uptown.
breaking: explosion reported on 23rd street in chelsea
no secondary device at 23rd st. confirmed.
nobody cares about football in the pac-12
it didn't look that empty on tv though
sketch of garnet and co.~
"herk the " must be up there in votes for next character right!
yeah bc u grew up here, men over there dont think that way
to each their own ofcourse i jus said i wouldn't. everybody move different ya know
brutal. he can't lay off the off speed shit in the dirt.
it was no where near a strike
lmao those central park horses are trash
there are majority male so of course they are
actually me
including the dabs at the end was classic.
at this point in an expansion, plus your skill level, why the fuck not.
like, seriously. that's a thing that is actually happening apprently.
believe nothing until you hear it here or from
i don't have ny1 are they covering it?
i can picture it, just a young cyclopes getting ready for prom
if i was a cyclops i'd add "clops" to the end of everything for no reason like prom-clops
lying to chicks for sport &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
get a hobby
i'm in the east village and didn't hear the explosion but seeing multiple choppers headed west&amp; hearing multiple ambulances.
same here from the uws! wow.....
in new york, it would cost $1700 a month to live like the babadook.
please tell me where, that sounds like a steal here.
now playing on funx slowjamz : needed me - rihanna
brand new tune
a witnesses living near explosion scene tells he saw no evidence of casualties.
another witness tells he saw a man who appeared to be hurt. man had blood on head and back; was being helped on scene.
my first edition 2nd edition next week
how much did that hurt because i was thinking about getting a ribbon there
i've only had issues with mail and exchange.
seeing this on gmail
still can't believe my card took an $83 hit at bww of all places
wait seriously??
russia says syrian regime forces targeted by us-led coalition airstrikes:
this is the best tactical fighter we have ever built. the new f-35 carries 2 missiles only, seriously.
i'm of scottish and german descent. my wife is yoruba and wolof (african ethnic group). we have two kids.
poor kids, i feel sorry for them.
does anyone know exactly what happened in lower manhattan?
no. it'll be a little while.
explosion in chelsea
thank you. truly terrible. i hope everyone is ok...
dude got de-faced but dude just got scalped, slightly less ridiculous bear violence but all bear violence is good bear violence
there's always more bear violence. and cooking.
uber driver thought i was 25 so cool
happy 25th!!!
they're all doing fine. hank no still has his moments though... lol
good to hear. they're all beautiful as i remember papa. old ones are hard there's no doubt.
meanwhile in british columbia
i grew up on the second island from closest there.
prolly not this time sorry bro
oh. fine then
no bobo! i have 2 extra now. your ticket is safe. but just to be sure. please respond "applesauce, apple sauce"
applesauce apple sauces
i was just told of an explosion in . possible ied. everyone i know ok?!?
no, some twitter twits told you it might be an ied. there's been no official word. 14+ reported injured.
agreed! not happy with this scenario
riding the wave and watcing for tomorrow's adventure
haaalelujah! email finally wakes up to responsive design
i literally can't even with outlook
when your two home states battle on the field - and are tied.
and the first runner in. so many home state games today!
nyc coffee folk please check in! hoping everyone is safe!
hey what's going on in nyc? why wouldn't they be safe? i'm not seeing anything about it!
jesus wasn't white. nor muhammad. nor confucius. nor buddha.
thanks. but these are racists. they must believe in white supremacy
did you finish watching it?
im at the part where derek just got back from dc and hunt found out rn that his mom is dating a young dude lol
my wedding might be at cliff who knows.. i found love there so yeah
wow can't believe you found in the club.. lol. . lol
i'll buy the plane tickets for and . they are both anti-american.
what a beautiful world it would be, if all hillary/obama supporters got on that plane to anywhere.
yes!!! in pebble right now .
love it there!
slam watch. give it a ride, conforto.
he has to swing at pitches near strike zone first. guy is a waste now
prepping for game night and we have too much food... but what a yummy problem to have.
that is not a problem
cnn not reporting on , won't cut away from obama's speech at cbc foundation dinner.
cnn is not a bew network
excited to see your visuals in . are you also re-teaming with on the flash?
they shoot at the same time unfortunately. going to miss very much but he's in great hands
big al and mama laskin are hittin up beyonc tonight while i struggle for wifi and motivation to finish a paper
omg they're awesome
what about food
depends on how drunk i want to be.
a thousand words...
where'd you get that shot glass?
23' dawkins takes a drive from distance! a bit too comfy for the keeper, however. we are still all square at 0-0. |
why are you icing out the ultras brah?
good lord... panicked for a second
i just looked it up. wow that's scary. i was there last night!
engage. encourage. empower. i'm not a teacher i'm a king maker
you are dope! would you like any bm speakers to talk to your boys? dm me.
we believe he can fly
. like a boss.
gas explosion.
that was not a gas explosion
avoid 23rd in chelsea. no subway svc on the 1 line either. bomb in dumpster apparently. smh
there's been no official word on anything.
marcus semien hits his 26th homer on his 26th birthday, a three-run shot. how about that?
happy birthday marcus
had a blast teaching html today
you both did awesome!
this beta male just blew his wad. he's been waiting all day to tell twitter that his wife is "ethnic." congrats.
he should move to africa and take her with him.
"isil, north korea, poverty, climate change. none of those things weighed on my mind like the validity of my birth certificate," obama jokes
no mention of the explosion at manhattan?
yes. also, has nothing to do with what i said.
what you said implies this isn't the paragon call in this election. hence why i wade in
people, stop saying there was a ied without confirmed statements from the fdny nypd or fbi! "23rd and 6th"
so irresponsible. awful.
stay safe!!!!
thanks guys. not sure what's going on but i'm safe.
can't believe conforto wasn't sharp as a tack after his three weeks on the bench.
that's his job now and he took a horrendous ab
today has been a really crappy day
yeah it has..
they're all doing fine. hank no still has his moments though... lol
there's never a right time for them. same w/ppl. i visited my late great friends mama the other
do you have notifications on for a lot of people?
maybe 10-12 active people, and 20-30 inactive people... you?
donald trump has no close intimate friend. even nixon had bebe rebozo. trump relationships all transactional
100's were killed on 9/11? bs. friend's to him was just a "failed sitcom".
glad you're okay. hopefully just an isolated incident.
thanks, and i hope so too.
oh nah this is wild. bomb squad just told us we're not even allowed on 23rd street period.
guess i'm not going out today
no. no. no... what's happening in new york city?
thankfully it sounds like it's not as bad (so to speak) as i initially feared:
i seen the video he is a dick head just plain ole stupid
yeah he made that pretty clear lol
omg they're awesome
they're so much cooler than i am it's ridiculous
good advice. of course has already called it a bomb.
so when it's confirmed what will you say?
yup. love the org that is tracking percent diverse speakers in scientific events.
metrics and accountability makes a difference
nikisky69
laura already mentioned they weren't treating her right. i think abby is at laura's
i think it's been pretty much established that she's not at laura's.
we need ! this b.s. with terror attacks has got to stop! enough is enough!!
two ied attacks in one day
"it's like, you don't know, or maybe don't even care how i feel!"
now there's a couple making out in front of the fighting couple!
what happened
large explosion a block from me 7/23
need to fire clancy pendergast and get a real dc!and if that does do it get rid of clay helton!
14 first half points = fire him? you're a genius. let's put you in charge!
1 injury. no carnage, no smoke, no fire. people going about their business.
not true. at least 14 injured. ??? where r u.
searching around for basic ooo-reporting for slack, ended up stumbling on simple in/out! /
for real though, all i'm looking for is aim-style away messages in slack is that _so hard_?
one word.....turnout. obama won pa by +5. polls cutting in half in pa
demographics are important too. not that many white men without degrees in pa.
i'm in my girlfriend's apartment just a couple blocks away.
of all the times for me to go to trader joe's.
craving chicken noodle soup at the moment
i need some soup myself as well
lol @ everyone wandering around aimlessly trying to meet up w/ their tinder date in the west village
watch out for chelsea! there was just an explosion
yes. also, has nothing to do with what i said.
to hell with trump supporters. their roll of the dice is imperiling our democracy, for all its flaws
alden richards wants to bring maine mendoza to his place in laguna click here
that is a very good idea. paalam lang sya sa parents/family menggay! in god's time of course
the motto in here right now is: we are very tired... but very proud. and we're not done yet. more to come in the future.
you should be proud! oh, and i updated that again so that the changes are above the fold.
my wedding might be at cliff who knows.. i found love there so yeah
wow can't believe you found in the club.. lol. .
why are you icing out the ultras brah?
exactly! 60+ ultras and no recognition lol
did something happen to ?
i'm very concerned about twitter hero tom please update
new sunlit-inspired merch some items like this hat are only available on tour. bay area, see you tonight!
the team is ready
i curated a list of experts in terrorism and extremism to follow along with: scary
thabk you for this list!
found a halloween costume for ya
this is way too real
we also do most our macro photography through the lucite. here is a 200mm shot of a chain mail ring.
thanks for the quick answers. and the beautiful idea! planning to order one now for my baby girl, to keep until she's old enough :)
lmfao what????? who are u
crazy how this is coming from an account with no pictures almost like they're hiding
what the hell is wrong with people
you mean why do they jump to conclusions that it must be a bomb? good question.
2: institutional home for the blind. they've been doing some kind of construction there for months. there's scaffolding and a big ...
actually they've been renovating for years..similar explosion on 17th street a few years ago..same co??
i'm safe and sound in astoria, peter is in the city but not near there. &amp; his friend were close but ok
so so so grateful you all are safe. big love to all of you. prayers for those involved.
can u smell the desperation of hillary &amp; her minions..offering for dirt
how could anyone vote for a person who would put out an ad like that. what scumbags.
they're all doing fine. hank no still has his moments though... lol
day. my friend died of cancer. hospice finally came &amp; her nephews weren't prepared.
there was 'an outdoor explosion' in chelsea. friends are comparing it to the sound of a building falling
oh boy...
want to credit by twitter handle or full name?
either is fine
you are a comedian for real! best follow of all time!
i may be, but this was a serious (and factual) tweet.
does everyone know how fucking dangerous it is to say this? we here in new york don't know what it was, but he does?
just confirmed what a jackass he actually is &amp; how unfit he really is to be ever be potus
laura already mentioned they weren't treating her right. i think abby is at laura's
i can't see laura keeping that from jen if she was.
playing devops against humanity with the and team at
where!? sounds like a fun game.
i curated a list of experts in terrorism and extremism to follow along with: scary
thank you for this list.
hi sergey, can newsday use this photo in our platfroms? please let me know. thank you. oswaldo photo editor
yes with credit
thankfully it sounds like it's not as bad (so to speak) as i initially feared:
but still... scary.
one word.....turnout. obama won pa by +5. polls cutting in half in pa
pit and phl pop keep increasing with people of color, women, and millennials.
so 14 were injured ? i thought i read like 3 of them didn't go off .. was meant for the runners in the race ..
this the 2nd one in dwtn manhattan, ied in trash can like ones this morning in nj at the race.
wow, i hope folks are okay.
wow facebook just asked me to check in omg
lol of course
when yuh come back to new york ?
not one local network here in new york has broken in to give updates about the explosion. no nypd updates. yet trump "knows" it was a bomb.
i'm so furious about this. actual lives could be in jeopardy. trump, with his reckless rhetoric, just may have put even more in danger.
this is as good a time as any to remind that i wrote a comprehensive history of 2 pt conversions under chip kelly.
jesus christ man. give it up, helfrich is trash and should never have been given the keys to the ferrari just admit it finally.
might we use your photo of the scene in ny in usa today?
yes with credit
new sunlit-inspired merch some items like this hat are only available on tour. bay area, see you tonight!
the team is ready
major explosion right around the corner from my apartment in just happened.
dang what happened :/
we had a flood here and lost most of our house and belongings. rebuilding is somewhat starting. oh, you know, just the usual.
omg. i'm so sorry. is there anything i can do to help?
laura already mentioned they weren't treating her right. i think abby is at laura's
no matter how much she might think she's protecting abby from the dimera's.
babies in ny heads up train explosion
what? where?
are you mega
shut up and bring me some fucking ice cream
you alright up there? there's some craziness going on...
where? just eating some pizza.
looking forward to president trump's live twitter commentary on suspected north korean nuclear tests.
will go something like this: "for me, nuclear is just the power, the devastation is very important to me."
bet you didn't know that jewish bloodline is in almost every country on the planet.
oh you racists. can't wait til the final solution
this must be connected to the nj explosion. why isn't the lamestream media reporting this?
it's not even on cnn - the clinton news network. figures.
stinky had to take a break from her strenuous day of napping.
i think stinky and chicjsn little are related.
thinking it might be time to start writing some publishable content....around poc, community economic development, &amp; civictech
. research is needed on digital &amp; access, &amp; . challenge is growing more &amp;
i bought this not even realizing wendy pini drew the back cover!
oh god they're going to bone aren't they
wtf is wrong with you? how you rt something where 14 people were injured then just go back to saying "yay football"
whats that have to do w sports
remember ralph nader? that's what is being forgotten.
gore won the election. scotus installed bush. is that what you're hoping for w/ hrc?
when you run into at 5sos what a lil cutie
omg he's so cute
they're all doing fine. hank no still has his moments though... lol
so she told me out of the blue my friend committed suicide which i knew came from a grandson.
can you imagine that idiot as america's commander in chief?
. alas, 24/7 media coverage, love of country, constant vigilance, and the basic survival instinct force me to imagine it.
so weird to watch outlets drop in adjectives. that block is full of doctors, gyms, furniture stores, home for blind
a lot of banks too. really bizarre word choice
thank u for a sane repost. rare on social media there days.
thanks! happy to be part of a solution and not part of a problem. i know people just don't like waiting for info
omg scary, you could have been right there! stay safe out there!
very scary i'll try my best
trump tells crowd in colorado springs that "a bomb went off in new york." (note: details out of ny not confirmed).
are you denying that new york did not happen? amazing that cnn (the clintonnewsnetwork) does not go right to ny. so sad!
can u smell the desperation of hillary &amp; her minions..offering for dirt
who would want someone like that as president?
and if he were performing better, he'd be in the lineup more. quite the conundrum.
so bruce is playing well?
say hello to my little friend. (aka the giant freaking pimple on my forehead)
stay safe tonight!! there's reports of a bomb in manhattan
i build simple in/out. ama.
i honestly thought someone had ripped off your icon; didn't know you had a slack integration!
this episode is actually very well acted, well-shot and, until the embarassing ending, -written.
yeah, the writers really laid it on thick in the last, what, 10 mins of the ep?
i just watched that it's crazy
word i fuck w this song
not news worthy? no msm covering this? wtf is going on?
of course i dont want to see people killed but if muslim just makes trump stronger which i love..
lmfaooo but the supreme draws tho ?!?!??
yeah he's a character haha
yea, you watching the news? guess something just happened there.
i just saw! that's crazy. thankfully i don't live there, i'm on the east side
yes but she also mentioned that no bodies were found &amp; that we shldnt take her being dead @ facevalue
well to be fair we shouldn't take any death in salem at face value lol.
ppl still think drake is better than future? lol
i'm from canada. i can make this judgement. i don't see the hype in drake tbh
"numerous injured," this is really scary
jesus, good thing i took the q
they're all doing fine. hank no still has his moments though... lol
i said to her it wasn't the case, it was the pain meds &amp; cancer. anyway she just turned 87.
how long do you microwave sushi lmk asap i'm hungry
1: you don't even like sushi 2: are you serious
our film's available for rental and purchase on itunes, today. check it out!
it's set in brooklyn, where i live. i like that. seeing bruh get his face cracked after the proposal, too funny.
i've spent days going through strings files attempting to deduce "what versions were they on" as things break as projects go dormant
aye, i'm not sidelining your experiences. but, there's an awful lot of new people struggling to just ship, let alone engineer
at the orientation event at
thanks for coming hrag!
you calling me out
do you do this?! sheesh romel
i'll spark up if someone hangs out with me
uber to my home
not one local network here in new york has broken in to give updates about the explosion. no nypd updates. yet trump "knows" it was a bomb.
the way sees it if he's right he can once again praise himself fir saying it first!
live on : scott adams and a brief, weird moment
ok ok you just pulled a on us!!!! :)
there's a 98.5% chance i signed my bar tab as "harambe."
harambe made me do it
tell me why it's only at +2 then
they're often done over landline and don't typically count many people of color
oopsy haha! these two are so tiny!!
they eat their own babies, too. and each other.
imagine it were a democrat completely obsessed with the every small detail of what one man says and does.
worked with bin laden.
here's a joke that's been in my drafts folder for 6 months: the french fries at trump hotels are called dick taters.
good job.he is real dictator.
stinky had to take a break from her strenuous day of napping.
i think stinky and chicken little are related.
better watch out you'll get attacked by the nut burgers both left and right. cheers.
lol, oh well. cheers to you
whew! yeah i knew you didn't live near there but if there was ever a day i was hoping you were home playing games this was it :)
going out drinking on a saturday night in chelsea is def. a 20-something experience
and if he were performing better, he'd be in the lineup more. quite the conundrum.
blame him taking a horrendous ab because lack of playing time? he made his bed because he can't hit
how is my girl real?
okay i love u more than anything i am so lucky
i'm a huge fan of whoever is running 's twitter right now.
load up the spaceship with the rocket fuel
no, there was an explosion. no one knows what caused it yet. could be gas like the last time.
there may be another one thats not exploded
got a great shout-out from mark shields on the newshour on trump -- thank you for your courageous witness!
+ mark shields hides deception dwells on bs
counting down until revenge of the queens on thursday
omg me too! i want tati or alyssa to come back!
taking a cab from midtown to ridgewood if there was a time to pray for me it would be now
praying double-time if it's for a dude bc ridgewood/bushwick border is a type
he knew the lies. he knows she's sick. i guess soros bought him off too. sad. the only one not bought is trump
bernie supporters no longer like him. they know he is a sell out.
i may take you up on that
i forgot you had a twitter!!! for sure brother. let me know
i'm tired of seeing men switching and acting like female knock offs
- from the thumbnail, i thought you might be young &amp; foolish. up close, i can see you're just foolish.
it was a gas explosion
no it wasnt. it was an ied in a dumpster. mooslims...
going out drinking on a saturday night in chelsea is def. a 20-something experience
i thought i vaguebooked something!
they're all doing fine. hank no still has his moments though... lol
i was happy to visit and spend time w/her. she always said to me you know you shouldn't swear so
so he puts a person who is not performing well in a huge moment over all those hitters. gg terry gg
which hitters?
scenes in dhaka after allah savoured all the meat but gravy was drained out in the city.
can you imagine the outbreak of disease?
lol im in ny
i thought u jus said ya in dr lol
huge full moon over the boston skyline right now looks awesome... none of my photos come close to doing it justice.
we gotta get you set up with a rig!
whoa. does anyone have more info on this?!
trying to figure it out, heard 14 injured and something about a dumpster but can't seem to find more info
so when did you realized you were ??
back in 08 when i voted for her in the primary. gave my vote to obama afterwards
she's very friendly and loves people so if anyone has found her or knows anyone that has, please return her to my family
this makes me so sad
no but seriously i am doing the new appliances happy dance. still trying to air out that burnt smell though. whew. lingers omg the worst.
i've always wanted a speed queen tbh.
not a damn thing i'm rolling up as we speak ! wyd boo?
uuuuuum come to my brib we lit
macro building vore.
buildings with metal are better for scales
what were we agreeing to disagree on just so i know ;)
announcing every change we make to search is not useful, iiuc you think otherwise
now playing on funx slowjamz : needed me - rihanna
brand new tune
they took him out after the td pass. ends bad day on a positive note. that's coaching 101.
ctd is in over his head. "we are young" is tired and old. who messed up the recruiting cycle?
"and to think, with just 124 days to go," he says of trump's acknowledgement. "undet the wire, we got this thing resolved."
unlike the explosion in nyc
this movie could been 30 minutes long if she just let daniel pick up the kids after school.
just barely made it through the "dude looks like a lady" montage
i'm only referring to the open packs of towels that aren't used during surgery, contaminated towels are always thrown away
they make great dish towels and pastry cloths
what's cool is when you look at to figure out wtf is going on it's mostly alt-right douchebags being racist, so that's cool.
holy cow, it sure is. yuck
that's not "if (! (backup || safemode)) failure". it's "if ((!backup) || safemode)) failure". the safe mode is unsafe.
that is the stupidest system. and then they used ambiguous sentence structure to compound it. they're bad and should feel bad.
i'm here still if you're around!
heading to a friend's birthday. were you here to see bill?
ou executed its candy cane thing pretty well. seems like a lot of hassle for something that looks good in a handful of tv shots though.
probably more of an in stadium experience thing anyways
when a bomb goes off a block away from where you're at work:.. we're closing up early and i'm running home this is so fucking scary
please get home safe and quick quick quick oh my god
just started playing this game again today too. gg :d
did you hit a quad feed like faze dario yet?
does that cost anything other than $0.00?
i should hope not!
hope so... crazy how there are so many different stories, rumours etc...
yeah. i was there for the 2007 grand central pipe explosion. there were so many stories flying around on the street in minutes.
i think one of my hot buttons is people assuming i'm any variation on unreasonable: stupid, crazy, etc.
"their shit is not your shit"
reading up on patricia trees and are radix tries again.
i have used radix.c from net::patricia 3 times :)
mark shields-what are you, 2yrs old? grow up! hc started the birther bs in 2007 &amp; is the champion of liars.
+ mark shields hides deception dwells on bs
can we just have the cast list already? i would like to know who's in this show.
who needs a cast list one everyone is posting on facebook!
this is the breaking news according to
it was a dumpster fire.
they're all doing fine. hank no still has his moments though... lol
much. she was a hoot when she was in her 60's. time flies huh. be good. big hugs!
it's a cold world out there; you either finesse or be finessed
you can either be the finesser or the finess
thanks! we are doing ok except i lost all my books. julie is sending me some. it's been a month and slowly coming together.
let me know when you're ready for the next round. i'd like to send an amazon gift card, if that's ok.
kind of floored no one is reporting more on what's going on in chelsea.
just heard. trumps all over already.
omg!!! i was just in nyc thursday! so close!
fez retired and moved at just the right time...
very true. it is necessary, i just haven't reached the point where i can balance my emotions.
it's all part of the trip!
there are so many gifs on twitter that i want to bookmark and reuse. what's the easiest way to do that?
just use giphy to search for them
exclusive: xprize's, singularity's peter diamandis on a new world of "haves &amp; super-haves"
. it is our challenge2provide &amp; access 4 2 who are underserved.
antioch panthers (3-1) @ de la salle spartans (3-1) friday september 23rd 7:00pm 1130 winton dr, concord, ca
for sure!!! wish it was moved to saturday so i could attend! lol good luck
bomb went off in manhattan just a little bit ago
i heard, that's why i was surprised how the cops were just chillin up here. expected them to be more intense but theyre lounging
doing ok. following this at home.
glad you are ok. ross. big hugs from brooklyn. following this online. prayers for all responding and injured.
fox news is the only network covering the
watching the stanford game, no breaking news either. amazing
good to know. stay safe
thank you...this just happened on my corner !!
dumpster bomb confirmed in nyc.
second device was found. plus the one in nj earlier today.
breaking: nypd says a suspect in bombing is jared taylor swift, a white supremacist reported missing by family three days ago
this is not a real account. don't believe anything they tweet.
we must participate in our own deliverance. only we can set us free.
- can you set yourself free from heteronormative, gender essentialist, cis-sexist notions of toxic masculinity? or nah?
yall....if we lose to tennessee (which we wont) i'm gonna have to deactivate cause i've spent a year trash talking that team
deactivate . possible move , name change , disguise
thanks chris! means a lot. and thanks for recommending !
proud of you and your team. great product that makes a difference in the world.
yeah. i know. too bad the other bears don't do more to address that.
is it wrong when you say bears i keep imaging i men in assless chaps?
twitter has removed this video four times!! watch before its taken down again!
and she calls a racist. look in the mirror, you're a racist.
i would never go thru this kind of trouble for a guy it's for my main ()
god bless for being a strong woman. let our youth learn from you.
holy shit i'm here where are you
31st and 9th you?
plus he could've divorced her at any time if he wasn't happy lol he didn't have to do her like that
hmm maybe he waited until they were empty nesters, counting the days every day, then split!
just gotta see in i'm moving to denver or not. i'll come up there regardless but nye would be dope.
you're thibking about moving to denver?!?!
notre dame forces 3 and out for msu, and notre dame will start drive on its own 23 after nicco fertitta 15-yard unsportsmanlike conduct flag
another mistake.
i'm waiting for official word. 99% of what shows up in first couple of hours is usually exaggerated/incorrect
i agree i am not sure if it was gas or what trump gets up and announces it like he knows something, he is such an idiot
congrats e!!! miss you
thanks chloe miss you too :((
looking forward to speaking w/jean hanff korelitz tomorrow at this benefit for . see you there?
thank you for joining us at our annual gala. the conversation between you and jean was wonderful. we so enjoyed hosting you.
grateful for all of our awesome pa leaders! join them in philly: sign up at
go for hillary aapi at philly today ! nice meeting volunteers from ca nj ny pa and more...see you again in va and las vegas !
annoyed that deadpool doesn't sync across all my services via disney movies anywhere like all the other marvel flicks
it's fox, not marvel / disney
wait, residence for the blind? omg i bet a lot of those people were terrified hearing the explosion/aftermath/sirens
this is absolutely terrible. how scary
i take my family out on a bike all the time.
also: taking the fam out via subway &amp; bus so much better than driving them around. in fact, that's plan for tmrw
is there always a ceremony for the changing of the guard even without an audience?
yes, although at night tours are longer. ceremony is less in length but we adhere to protocol as it concerns guard duty.
explosion on 23rd and 6th
wtf? do we know what it was?
i am super bored and i don't want to do my speech homework
that's the most dragged class you can take in college
the marching band we despise ! (i actually kinda don't mind them)
yeah, well, at least our band is better than yours. :)
exactly! 60+ ultras and no recognition lol
that is a solid away showing! official twitter account-cloud enable and give these people a shout out.
the fact that many people's primary reaction to the is claiming it justifies their bigotry re: islam infuriates me
islam is not a religion of peace. period.
lol we got smacked
we were thanking them for their hard work regardless of the outcome. we'll rephrase. thanks
watch, listen, and learn. you can't know it all yourself. anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity. - donald trump
never thought i would re-tweet or agree with. lol
gotta admit, aside from close app stuttering bug, the new iphone is smooth as silk. more cpu and 1gb extra ram on the plus really shows.
ah i knew it! that was the new iphone
that's a great view. those types of vents are rare. live it up.
the captain invited me.....
free stuff free stuff... especially wine ... any booze really!!
well, yes. free is always awesome, but not the point.
this dude is my hero!
ah, that's so nice of you to say. hope to meet sometime
not one local network here in new york has broken in to give updates about the explosion. no nypd updates. yet trump "knows" it was a bomb.
it is being reported on news by commissioner braten it was an ied in a dumpster.
the sdhc budget alone could fund a hundred collaborative villages every year in san diego
in one year san diego could end homelessness and never have the problem again. collaborative villages work, sdhc doesn't.
holy shit i'm here where are you
do you want to come over?
giants look like they can't wait to get in the box and hit against leake..pence and belt two hard hits evens the score 1-1 in 2nd
wow - you should block dodger fans with potty mouths
pbs has been trotting out mark shields as its token liberal for 28 years, and he's never expressed an original or interesting thought.
+ mark shields hides deception dwells on bs
wow 725 &amp; 39
congrats to all participants and leadership.
you actually heard it?
oh yeah big and loud, we were sitting in the park
first a bomb goes off in seaside heights, nj at a 5k race for marines &amp; now dumpster explosion in in nyc
that dumpster is crushed by blast, not exploded. no official word, but blast was at site of major bldg renovation.
and of course this is going on
btw: beautiful black dress! hope you have fun place to go tonight and enjoy...
kisses my dear !
lunch on friday?
if we made a sequel to , would you all watch? who would you want to see come back? let me know.
yes please!!! can i be in it? great movie, very realistic. well written &amp; directed.
morrissey is 20 minutes late
gotta avoid lower wacker at this hour smdh
also finally got my hands on these
yes these are so good
that is a solid away showing! official twitter account-cloud enable and give these people a shout out.
love you dan, wish i was there :( couldn't make it
we put cakes in special shaped boxes but margaret also wants you to put special tissue paper on the bottom of the box, and something
that would easily take me 5 mins with one customer seems to be like 30 with her
friendly reminder that if anyone wants lush product recommendations i am an expert.
what bath bomb do i have to use to get my datemate to love me
what are you going to do when this case is thrown out yet again? before the election. blame the judge. yup
: demoncrats are getting desperate. they want to destroy america so bad they let out the dregs.
i am 3 blocks from 23rd st. and everything is quite normal. please don't panic and don't jump to conclusions.
i'm about four from there. didn't even hear anything, so i'm spending time making fun of trump's response.
i'm not sure there is a better thinker about the future than :
and if we are making big improvements to photo sharing that counts too
whenever i start thinking i'm smart i remember it took me until the seventh book to figure out "diagon alley" was a pun.
thanks for giving me the hint i needed to finally grasp the obvious.
who among us hasn't needed a $9 million loan from dad every once in a while?
dad also went onto one of his failing casinos and bought $10 million in chips and conveniently lost is all.
"mike i'm fdny it's confirmed ied."
delete this islamophobia! are you trying to elect trump?
word is an ied went off in a building
yeah i know, it happened in a street i was just in like 30 minutes ago
nope, hugs when i loose, and slam the last piece in when i know i've won!
what you don't spike it after? lol .com
scene in chelsea one block from explosion. multiple fire trucks, police, helicopters
assuming your safe?
in the live feed of the comment section, big dick rick 650 says wondo is shit cheers for that, rick
shit you found landon's account.
if just millennials were voting, the race would be between clinton and johnson and stein. trump is getting less than 30% from them
stein would be last but trump would finish third
my friend loves chartreuse and i haven't seen her for two weeks, or told her the thing.
oi fuck, i am supposed to tell her that i probably (75% sure) that i won't cosplay and she will not be happy.
isn't this is his current hair?
yes but he got it cut off
"act on your temporary conviction as if it was a real conviction; and when you realize you are wrong, correct course very quickly"andy grove
quoted in "my startup life" and one of my favorites. :)
is this true?
yeah man right near my homies apt. i'm over here now everyone's on the streets
what's up with all of these mexic... oh, it's texas.
we gotta build a wall
every order from them has been significantly delayed. i'll ask my local health food store to get it.
here's our locator for more options!
apparently taylor is in miami. at the same hotel as kim and kanye. going to his show. i have someone staying at the hotel who told me
i highly doubt that lmao
just barely made it through the "dude looks like a lady" montage
i decided roughly 12 minutes ago that this movie is awful. just riding this out now.
the is the only event on the calendar to have more left turns than right!
good luck guys! i want to see a podium when i get off my flight
gas and not terrorism -- right? remain calm and best wishes to those injured
given that it;s minor injuries i'd imagine it's like you said.
what do you mean by 3d touch? i can think of a couple great applications in prosthetics and visual disability accommodations.
iphone feature where it can detect how hard you're pressing and do different things for hard and soft presses on the screen.
gretchen carlson's case shows just how difficult it can be to push back against harassment in the workplace:
gretchen confirms not enough has changed since the hill-thomas hearings of '91.
finally finished recording the last song. what a week. time to get some sleep
proud of you boo
why cant he just be bald
omg did he really
i was just walking around outside, it's nice! not hot at all.
my god you've become numb. off to the sanitarium.
i never claimed there was an official comment... what the fuck are you talking about?
then stop making shit up until we get some official comments.
saw this picture &amp; thought of you: does it apply 2 u guys too? u should get those!
lmao inquiring minds who are only children would like to know &lt;g&gt;
hope everybody is okay in nyc. the best city in the world and love living there... so hearing about these little bombs worried me peace lm
i'm from brooklyn new york i agree the best city. everything is going to ok here don't get worried
. we can stand together on an important trade deal for our workers &amp; businesses.
we know what thinks of . so lame he doesn't deserve his own joke
it is a legitimate argument that a clinton presidency could be just as if not more dangerous than trump. clinton's record speaks for itself.
got to build a third party that is movement based;that will take time and patience.there is no hope left in dems
so 2 different incidents ? the race and another this evening ?
yes, 2 different incidents. the marine charity race and chelsa district in manhattan. nyc is only one w/injuries
did you shoot this video? i'm with the new york daily news, could we download &amp; use in our player, with onscreen credit?
yes and yes, absolutely
iphone feature where it can detect how hard you're pressing and do different things for hard and soft presses on the screen.
sadly it's not as cool as it sounds
pretty sure you get attacked by other people as well broh'... the price pay for your muse being ...
no price ! a privlidge love cher
man those were the days i hated that fucken teacher tho he always got earl in trouble and he never did shit like tf
fuck forreals! we were all always talking and he would pick on earl and make him move seats
"just in" for = has been on twitter for over 30 minutes
obama speech live on cnn tv but still no mention on news crawler text
it's set in brooklyn, where i live. i like that. seeing bruh get his face cracked after the proposal, too funny.
touched on issues that bw have with street harassment. like both the leads. dewanda's clothes, hair makeup and make up.
hrc sup a crime bill dat called aa males super predators a high % of aa were sent to jail n hrc received $ from jail bldrs
you need an id 2 buy a beer but not to vote in what world does that make sense
retribution for what? fuck those people.
for the black guy "we" elected president. i know quite a few people who feel that every minority has been living the high life last 8
we out here
who'd u end up going with
en route to for the to see the premier of the film i...
. that's great! have an exciting time!
i decided roughly 12 minutes ago that this movie is awful. just riding this out now.
the kids just found out.
yes try. millennial voters want to talk about the issues. that's what will get them to the polls. they aren't scared of donald trump.
they better be!
icymi: jaro halak hit patrick kane in the dick really hard and it was great
i did not miss it but still faving this and would fave several more rts.
again high level source confirms explosion at 23rd st 6th avenue manhattan termed 10--33 code for device.
'bout time..1st reported by for the record!
so i'm in the middle lonely house , both of my side next door neighbors have parties today. .
lmao just walk in side there house
retribution for what? fuck those people.
and yes, i know a lot of dumb bigots. i never really realized they were dumb bigots until the trump wagon pulled up
because you are a giant faggot.
nice exactly my point low life
dude the tokuten posters have these really nice (printed) signatures on them
i didn't get a tokuten bc amazon ))): but i got a good wall scroll with my 3rd bd!
i'm doing the same right now haha i can't do it anymore
i had the most dragged professor ever so hopefully you don't have someone annoying
you're saying that ad popped up when you clicked the link? (it's just a tag page, not an article)
think so got it and is in germany. he may be able to shed more light. prob a rouge ad tech vendor
i'm at puran's right now. 3 other people are here. super-waiter adrian just took this pic. i am a crime lord:
what red are you drinking tonight?
i paid off all of my credit cards today.
omg lucky! i have one more to go ... and then the mall happened today so i'm back to square one
i'm going to spain monday ://// so many travels
i hate that you aren't in new york at all times/that you don't take me to barcelona
hi, i'm with abc news. is this your photo? can we use it on all platforms and partners with credit to you?
yes. and it is mine.
yes, friend. heard huge boom outside. thanks for checking.
good. you hearing anything else from folks on the ground?
wr c.j. worton running free down the seam two plays in a row and luke del rio did not look his way.
happened on several plays last week as well...
touched on issues that bw have with street harassment. like both the leads. dewanda's clothes, hair makeup and make up.
flawless! no predictable hollywood ending.
as usual he doesn't know what he's talking about. no one knows what happened yet.
trump has no sources in the nypd or fdny. not one.
what reports ? ohh twitter hahaha fucking joke. this country is full of morons
people the news, people on location, police..
is mad at me because i said the girl who called from the valencia store sounded hot
i'm the only gf in your life, and if this bitch comes between us, we will have problems
don't let them weaken your commitment to human rights. the empire needs you, together we will bring democracy to the world.
in spite of deplorable
-stfu about politics -avoid jumping to conclusions -quell knee-jerk reactions -scrutinize sources -just be a human being with a heart ffs
-pause auto tweets &amp; other social feeds -all jokes are tasteless atm, even your clever one -human being. heart.
heading to chelsea.
don't take the subway
ugh i'm just going to sleep again too much to handle rn
why it's his hair
why would juju smith-schuster come back for senior year for this nonsense?
the correct answer is he never would
enjoy san francisco. happy bdays to your friend.
i will. thanks.
again high level source confirms explosion at 23rd st 6th avenue manhattan termed 10--33 code for device.
why couldn't it have been a building!!
ooo, that all looks so good! what did you think of the conch??
it's a very unique food. i'd try it again!
he kicked him out of his class too like wtf
oh yeah huh earl was all confused
suspect may be american jihadist matt forney, recently converted to extremist islam
ibn-ahmatt forney
...here's me assuming something stupid based on having used irc. whoops.
no worries. that's how it _should_ work, but no such luck
when the boys get to go to campus with me to celebrate the 50th anniversary of umbc.
your boys are adorable!
preserving the "historic character" of van ness &amp; its streetlamps over bus rapid transit (after 15+ yrs of study)
with depending on muni over busses, any opposition to just promotes segregated schools
the avalanche of distrust
u + + mark shields hide deception dwell on bs what's paying?
how many ieds have to go off before cuts in? we are possibly up to 3 so far...
there's absolutely no confirmation either of the other 2 were ieds.
oi fuck, i am supposed to tell her that i probably (75% sure) that i won't cosplay and she will not be happy.
and i don't wanna tell her the thing until i'm sure it's all gone and done and good. so no good excuse. gon b fon.
the second most requested song of the hour was &amp; 'let me love you' on
brand new tune life
i do need to internalize that. it's a form of narcissism: the feeling that any thought a person has about me must be my fault.
it's is hard. that's why i have heuristics. to remind me when things go sideways.
grand canyon university or fresno state
fresno state! nothing better than being a bulldog. let us know if you have any questions!
where is this though
right here, babe.
"a drowning man takes down those nearest." - martha (elizabeth taylor) in who's afraid of virginia woolf? (1966)
man, liz rocked that picture.
what.. 17-3 not good enough
the fumble caff caught
ya bro! i'm in final stage of becoming a clinical specialist for a startup. cover the whole west coast, stationed in denver.
i'm proud of you man! we need to celebrate. i also hope you move to denver because i'm definitely coning to visit!
dude what the fuck.
yeah... julia and i were walking up 6th toward our apt when it went off. dipped into a restaurant to wait a bit
r u alive i heard there was an explosion
nah. tweeting you kanye stuff from heaven rn
guys like tall girls now?
heard a tall guy said he likes that tall girls like him
considering i have many muslim friends, we will all enjoy our intelligence level together.
good job reposting and removing the trump supporter that proved your claim to be incorrect.
i appreciate it a lot! i told julie books are my version of a linus blanket.
mine too. although i admit to having actual linus blankets at my age still.
note: not not a bomb
missing my point; calling it an explosion is preferred to prematurely calling it a bomb.
thank u!ur an inspiration as well! it's encouraging &amp;refreshing connecting w/other bc it can isolating even in govt
we must make sure t/ creates 4 all t/t solves problems of vs. 4 top of t/mkgt.
this solar plant accidentally incinerates up to 6,000 birds a year = the greenest energy is that which is never used
that's super interesting. have you come across david mackay's book that compares these sort of things?
(eek worried about what i'm seeing tweets about in chelsea. any news on cause?)
nobody knows anything at this point, twitter nazis say it's an ied. hah
watch on : explosion in nyc
happened literally right across from my home. thankful i'm not home rn though. been watching this periscope stream following it.
he shorthanded it, which is very trump, and also said "nobody knows exactly" which is completely trump.
if it's a bomb, he'll remember that he called it. if it's a gas line, he'll remember that he expressed doubt.
yesterday i cried in vr
did you smack your nuts into the corner of the desk?
flashback: michelle obama slams hillary as unfit for the white house
talks out both sides of her ass she hates &amp; will compromise her values for her other assholes legacy
terror in new york! ied exploded in new york, at least 15 injured
delete this disgusting islamophobic hate speech. the time for hate speech laws is now. cernovich is the worst offender!
heard a tall guy said he likes that tall girls like him
and his friend said he likes when girls wear heels and are taller than him
yo my proffessor is to happy it's wild haha
lmfaooo my professor just babbled until we knocked out
officials have not said what caused explosion.
why let the truth get in the way of a good story
not caring about results
what the what?
the second most requested song of the hour was &amp; 'let me love you' on
brand new tune africa
it's been an hour and news trickling out. scary.
that it is especially considering the earlier device in jersey.
i do need to internalize that. it's a form of narcissism: the feeling that any thought a person has about me must be my fault.
there are two people in every conversation, a pitcher and a catcher (and reverse). both can fuck up. :)
do you live around here?
naw, the bx. was visiting a friend off w4th and stopped by on the way home. perfect timing. jeez...
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
suing the because you're a thin-skinned weasel isn't intent. it's merely a lack of character and confidence.
stepping on the stage with a few special items from lynn anderson
love the outfit and looks are 10/10 beautiful
tokyo just *looks* cheaper because avg apt size is nearly half the avg apt size in sf.
tokyo: $1200 for 100 square feet. $12 p/sf. comparing unit cost meaningless if you don't examine sq ft.
avenged sevenfold is so sick
so sick? i hope they feel better...
is that part soty? discuss
not unless that part is a carly rae jepsen song now
i'm at puran's right now. 3 other people are here. super-waiter adrian just took this pic. i am a crime lord:
you look like you're waiting for jake lamotta to show up so you can convince him to throw his next fight.
first rows at memorial stadium are overrated. views aren't as good either.
the views from the corner sections are significantly better than one would expect.
new tyt sacred tee.
wow, that's offensive
your texts go as green o_o
going to boxers
kinda surprised these pop up stores are at locations that are already near other daiso stores....
the one at valley fair is one freeway exit from daiso next to mitsuwa and there's the cupertino &amp; other two at other south bay malls
retweet for a chance to win your own hd60 s ! picking winner on 9/25
day after my bday how cuteee :)
there aren't any black walkers on "the walking dead"..
you'll see more as the series progresses.
and sometimes a frog is just a frog. ribbit.
: and a breadstick with a bow tie is just a potus.
oi fuck, i am supposed to tell her that i probably (75% sure) that i won't cosplay and she will not be happy.
i may just chicken out of telling her and be a fat scully but meh
smithtown newyork
incorrect lmao
after that i didn't like him and he also caught me with my phone once and i dropped a whole letter grade went from a 98% to 87%
omfg, you're lying are u serious ? that mf
chk out 4 classes coming soon near u! parsippany, nj 9/20 cherry hill, nj 9/21, pleasantville, nj 9/22
those are near me?
i'm a competitive kid thrower.
got some good hang time on that one.
hey what's up with this?
it means he's not a new member and has used the service in the past.
literally only posting this cause my tits look great. is a thing?
1kth like tits in the mouth
thank god the usmc race in nj started late and so no runners were near the trash an that blew up.
and now an explosion in ny. what is going on?
both home glued to and
stay safe!!!
is this true?
yeah not sure if a pipeline or ied
taking girlfriend applications, no fake omg so gay for you's allowed.
i'd recommend myself, it would be in your best interest
i guess college football matters more than new yorkers in serious need of reliable information right now.
not even a breaking news scroll on nbc, abc, cbs, or fox. even wlny: "at least 26 injured. more at 11. stay turned for sports!"
the sad thing is bigots will believe anything they heard. facts be damned.
fact is a four letter word and despite them hating political correctness, facts offend their intelligence.
no confirmation yet of criminal activity or motive for such in the chelsea explosion. only minor injuries reported. calm down.
not sure where u r but ppl were being put into ambulances
i kinda feel like we'd have it coming if the donald actually won the electoral votes.
we have to be more hopeful. be positive and compassionate. we don't deserve negativity. vote
plastic bottles including baby bottles made with what happened to our fda? leaders? safety? respect for human life?
numerous animal studies have demonstrated an association between endocrine disrupting chemicals (including bpa) and obesity
oh nahh that's ode i would fail the class lmfaoo
it was an easy a kinda class just had to do your work and have the right partners
the facts aren't clear, but after nj and allegedly two bombs in nyc, this appears to be a well coordinated attack. be safe everyone.
if the facts aren't clear why would you call it a well coordinated attack? to inspire fear?
it's a bomb you lying dumbass
do you think maybe he gets some type of briefing so he knows?
smithtown ny
still incorrect :p
jane newman, and is that just a very bad picture of wendy?
we can't remember her name but used to have a fiat panda that we used to bounce around the car park??
or so you think lol
nah, i don't think, i know... the evidence is right there lol
he winces whenever people make impact and it's adorable lol
better not show him those eye poke compilations. lol
wtf? do we know what it was?
i have no idea, it was four blocks away from me though
so do you mind if i ask why you support her, just curious?
sure. i grew up with severe asthma and had life threatening appendicitis as a kid.
i can't tell if that's good or bad....
its funny because that's not even remotely close to happening aha
my nyc friends please be safe tonight! bomb reports in the city.
we are safe in chelsea, hearing reports around our venue but any outside information friends can send us is appreciated!
would be nice to see you guys one of these days...akward as hell tho because im going to feel really old
so will we! we're not your innocent daughters anymore
it's definitely one of my favorite cities and i can be outdoors more and the best weather. the winters aren't even bad too.
really?!?! you like theeir snowy winters?
yeah but tcp/ip issues can prevent transmission. everything you've said so far depends on that not happening.
by good-enough i mean "drop it on the floor sometimes", like i said
there must be no need to text back either
she never replies back ..
been rolling my eyes since 1995
damn never mind i take that back. you got talent then
that can help them better access &amp; navigate the capital and connectors needed to grow
the needs to lead the way like w/ more and .
girl you already got these eyes whatchu mean
let carlos know because obviously he doesn't know
unwinding a lie: donald trump and 'birtherism'
assad and trump pride themselves on the most deplorable traits a leader can have. americas wake up' fear him!
obama hits republican voter suppression efforts. says its a shame they are trying to stop people from voting nationwide.
his speech is awesome
one of my favorite places. manco &amp; manco!!!
- household name
are you claiming there have been no suggestions that it was a deliberate bombing? no? didn't think so.
no, i'm saying taking what twitter says as gospel before any official word has come out is a sign of stupidity.
explosion in chelsea may have been intentional. police searching for a device. so far appears all minor injuries
ya think? it was a bomb
screw everyone. no-one wants anything to do with me or wants to talk to me, then whatever forget you
i'm here for you
i meant to tag too i don't know what happen
what's happened. ???
so do you mind if i ask why you support her, just curious?
i was only able to get insurance through schip which she spearheaded
this "ignorance" as you call it was formed over time bc extremists constantly do this. sorry we learn from the past
not sure learning is something you can comprehend. at least not plausible from your tweets.
just real news for busy people. get the reuters tv app now.
: go play with your friend george soros the deranged maniac.
did you take these photos? if so, may we use across our nbcu partners and platforms?
yes i took these and you may use with credit
it is. where was the explosion??
it's scary stuff man...
&amp;i i thank god for putting such an outgoing, free spirited, honest, real person like in my life.
love you to pieces friiiieeeend
cnn is not covering the explosion everyone should switch to fox
hey you unsympathetic fool. stop making this about your feuds. have respect for what happen
my series announcement:
check out my new video!
oh that's really helpful for fully blind users, actually. apple has almost always been better for disability access than microsoft.
oh wow that's a great point. hadn't thought of that.
where would i get a really good corned beef sammich?
in dfw? deli news is the best, cindy's is a distant second.
so do you mind if i ask why you support her, just curious?
under d-presidents, the economics of my family has been greater than r
on : sandra kim &amp; frank galan - door veel van mij te houden - tune in fast to catch this hot single:
brand new tune
no, i work at the @ cafe behind the bleachers.
so you're responsible for those rank smelling fries?! lol
this is my hood and the neighborhood of many tweeps hope everyone is safe
were you inside when this happened?
heard this explosion in from 9th and 23rd. sirens, helicopters here now. nyc under control, as always.
getting information is so tough. what happened?
verizon has a drive thru
pretty sure that's for the starbucks if that's by dicks
hope it is nothing major and everyone is ok
i'm still trying to find info - no local news station is reporting because of sports games and the election.
my friends boyfriend is a doctor at a nearby hospital in brooklyn. he just called and said there's 30+ patients heading his way
the hospital is in midtown**
there's something so cute about a guy holding a case of beers
but something even hotter about a guy ripping a bong
blackout.
i... had been ok without upgrading before just this moment. damn you. *gets out credit card*
nooooo i like when he lets his hair grow !!!!
i thought he was growing it back
delete your account. wait one year. open a new account. delete that one, too.
what no caramel glaze?
by good-enough i mean "drop it on the floor sometimes", like i said
&amp; keep stats on that. with langs like go this is barely even a consideration, more impt to test w shit threads
insecurity is the first hallmark of a bully.
but he has those tiny hands, what's there to be insecure about, haha?
your article re. was disgustingly biphobic and needs to be removed from the website. disgraceful.
i sent an email to buzzfeed telling them the same, probs more effective than saying on twitter
hipsters re-appropriating the exotic cultural appropriation of returning wwii gis who fought in the pacific.
see also wu-tang clan. why do they get a pass? my 2: all culture is appropriation. don't insult anyone on purpose.
oh, wow, i haven't had to do this for a project that had that yet. hopefully that fixes it.
aye, maybe longer than that, found a commit from 2 years ago with it -
"the three great forces that rule the world: stupidity, fear and greed." - albert einstein
in spades with these three
remember ied means improvised explosive device. basically any bomb not dropped from a plane is an ied.
m it means not commercially bought. i wouldn't call a claymore an ied, but i would call a syrian barrel bomb one.
so do you mind if i ask why you support her, just curious?
doesn't mean i'm partisan. i actually vote republican in local elections
more: the blast blew out the lower windows of the associated blind housing facility on w. 23rd street
terrifying for those people and their dogs.
me last weekend :(( maracas next week y'all lmao
next week gonna be a bunch of fuckery
how would you like to be credited?
twitter handle would be easiest i guess
great job on the mashtalk podcast today
aw thanks! still haven't updated to ios10
wish girls looked at me the same way dave looks at hal
im literally going into cardiac arrest
ofc his hair his decisions but i was so happy seeing his hair growing up lol
yeah same but maybe he just think it's easier to take care of when it's shorter
terror in new york! ied exploded in new york, at least 15 injured
when hillary gets elected and we look like brazil i guess will just have to power through..lol
yeah, my point is that hitler had evil plans re: the jews, if not the exact final solution necessarily, in mind.
same for stalin. i think trump is super dangerous because he's like to tragically misjudge, like saddam, or... hitler.
he should've stayed up
yeah, he should have stayed up to comfort her
mike yung - unchained melody now available on itunes .felt good get out of the subway this week. bless.
just bought it after watching you with james corden. wow! chills, tears. magnificent.
me and got a banger
never a more true tweet. cant wait for this shit to come out
the savages (2007), in 35 mm, second time. laura linney in her intro: philip seymour hoffman was a "warrior" for good work
bummed this was in momi's small theater. it is such an intelligent script, beautifully directed and acted. the film deserves an audience
why am i seeing bo speech to black caucus on cnn and msnbc when there was a bomb exploded in with another device found 20 min ago?
another device was found?!
we need to do more engagement &amp; biz technical assistance w/sme and minority that
we need $$$$$...lol i just have return from canada. we need programs t/t seed &amp; , and pay 4 pgms
y'all i just found out my 13 yr old lil brother has a puerto rican gf ..
mine is dating a white girl
12 minor injuries in manhattan explosion, none life-threatening, reports.
now up to 25 reported injuries.
i'm tired of turning on the news to see a women murdered &amp; them catching the watchers sympathy by saying "she was a wife/mother/daughter"
she doesn't have to be a mother/daughter/wife to catch your sympathy or attention.she was a women &amp;she didn't belong to any of those people.
take a gander at the declaration of independence, which predates the constitution, and explicitly states the source of our rights.
you do understand that the declaration is not a legal document in us law, correct?
deliverance is like travailing in labor ,it's a beautiful thang afterwards.
i love how she always calls the accurate emotion with no sugar coating .
the one at valley fair is one freeway exit from daiso next to mitsuwa and there's the cupertino &amp; other two at other south bay malls
sure it being at vf is cool cuz it's the popular, super nice mall in the valley. but stanford shopping center for ppl in mtn. view/palo alto
so do you mind if i ask why you support her, just curious?
despite all the "liberalism" affixed to hrc, i actually see her as a moderate
joe buck took michael conforto's soul when he praised him in the world series
please steal it back my little thief in the night
get your requests in now for the twitta mix with &amp; ! use with yours...
could you please play "dangerous woman" by on ? thanks buddy :)
bruh sushi is fucken everything
inhaled that shit in 5 minutes
i feel political correctness has gotten out of hand. being non-pc or pc isn't something to hide behind.
people who scream about hating it, can't stand when people aren't pc with them. most people realize there's a time and a place
hmenv joined her colleague ministers to receive prez in new york
hmenv , @ hmwr earlier today received prez as he arrived for
idk he was with kim and kanye earlier and he said he'll get me a pic ... idk just saying what i heard
i'm sure she's still in new york tbh but i guess we'll find out sooner or later lol
i think that did hit him. rather have him up at plate tho
it hit him and it's challenable
this guy is a beast. very impressed with gabriel benitez
and horrible job by dan marigliota as per usual.
why do i have the feeling donald trump gets a thrill in situations like this? it's like he feeds off collective fear.
because he knows fear is the best chance he has of winning.
charlie, the stray cat, has gone to kitty heaven. he is at peace now. this is the last pic i took of him.
awe so sorry for your loss
getting information is so tough. what happened?
unclear--dumpster bomb i'm hearing. no known connection to bomb today in nj but who knows.
so do you mind if i ask why you support her, just curious?
that's actually the reason why i didn't vote for bernie. too liberal for my taste
i'm in 24th st
from is there too and he's reported 1 injury
a little during the kp game
worst.quality.ever.
i try to be hippie and chill but then i remember i play rugby
silly girl, don't you know you can be it all?!
just four words to remind me that i can't count on the fact that i won't feel worse tomorrow, be more tired... do it now.
oh, i do like that! though sometimes (for me, who has no door between thought and action) slowing down is needed.
saints threw that many times?!? wow
vic you are the goat
media staging will be on 23rd street and 5th avenue. more to follow.
bout time guys..now when is gonna investigate for complicity?
lesse-fitch pinot noir ("wild strawberry, violets, dark plum &amp; vanilla spiked oak")
and a cheese pairing?
it's snows but their winters are very mild. go to minneapolis lol that shit sucks. now the mountains are different.
i'm lowkey not looking forward to being here through winter. i've never really dealt with snow before.
in chelsea !!!! out of all areas !!!! i don't feel safe anymore :( my office is so close
same i'm afraid to take the subway home tonight. too much random shit happening :( get home safe
nypd, nyfd don't know if it was a bomb in chelsea but trump does!
that is not true. nypd days it's an ied. isn't that a bomb?
best cat behavior
tf is bunting
regardless of the outcome tonight, good for the co fans. stuck it out through a horrific season last year, finally seeing some results now.
both of them.
i have no idea, it was four blocks away from me though
woo lord sis, you better stay safe!
how did the booth not catch that touchback? every score is supposed to be reviewed upstairs
that home cooking bro
how was hamilton?
amazing! i was worried about going in expecting too much, but it was just as good as we've heard/read.
my cousin was having dinner with her boyfriend blocks from the explosion &amp; heard it. suspicion on the ground is gas or electric explosion.
source? i'm hoping that's true but haven't seen a solid statement
i'm in 24th st
15 minor injuries. no fatalities
i did the thing!
you are the biggest dork ever gar! and i adore you!!
ied's in nyc. this is happening
2nd ied was just ruled out by nypd. for now at least
whats happening??
explosion or something.... i dont know the details...
when they press their head against u
okay yes i vote that
it's ratchet and stupid people in every race sir and if u only report a certain race what does that make you
but bw are more ratchet than any other women. don't you think bw need to change that? bm like me wont stand dor that anymore.
first her sister is actually the one who had blue hair and second it doesn't involve you?
who the hell cares shut up
woo lord sis, you better stay safe!
thanks! i'll do my best. you too!
you think "suggestions it was..." is the same as taking something as gospel. and you talk of others' stupidity? wow.
then why mention it at all, oh paragon of knowledge? you're just jumping in feet first and can't swim your way out.
definitely. the republicans are no betr than the dems. its our politicians people, not ther party affiliation.
we need to dump them all and start over.
everyone. it's too damn late for this argument, try again tomorrow
seriously. we're tired.
that's what i would've done but idk man i don't think he's "incredibly selfish" for going back to sleep
i mean it is kind of a dick move to do that
. covering obama speech while bombs exploding in new york city. tune in to if you want actual news.
that's a joke &amp; you're a joke
bummed this was in momi's small theater. it is such an intelligent script, beautifully directed and acted. the film deserves an audience
i hope we get another tamara jenkins film someday
thanks, excellent ref! digging in ...
cool! it's a good book for giving environmental info in comparable terms.
sure it being at vf is cool cuz it's the popular, super nice mall in the valley. but stanford shopping center for ppl in mtn. view/palo alto
i will always have memories of going to daiso for the first time in mountain view. it was so spacious daiso. sucks it closed years ago and-
i mean, ok ... but was that really necessary?
imho there's never a bad time for this. was in paris during the attacks. very safe but family very much appreciated the check.
explosion or something.... i dont know the details...
i saw mentioned on twitter and i saw this on reddit
when you and we're at the same place just at different times
his name
on a positive note, your photography is wonderful. hope you have a safe rest of the night.
thanks, yours is to i was just going through your website and your work is amazing
! -the editors
thank you. happy weekend :-)
i get tired of explaining why there are always teeth marks on my gifts.
hahaha! your ginger kitty is cute!
the game &amp; meek both corny
only the game meek official
fox news only one covering the explosion in chelsea. cnn/msnbc showing obama live and congressional black caucus
hmm. current news or a has been.
we are glad to have you with us again, salomon! please let us know if you need anything.
you know that ilove this place.;)
poc have historically encountered financial, business, and social (capital) exclusion.so it's increasingly important for govt to
this is t/root of challenge.we need more funded &amp; 2encourage techtransfer
i'm on my way
just come through lol
president obama appears a bit teary.
truth, emotion, facts, righteousness. thank you president obama! you have served and protected our country well!
what thing were you really into as a kid that's aged most poorly now that you are an adult?
alcohol &amp; cigarettes.
glad to hear it. scary world we live in.
. i heard explotion in chelsea.. thats probably why my express train up town went local figured somethin was goin on
how much do i love that i can nerd the fuck out and you always got my back,yo.
i live for that shit. xoxoxo
lesse-fitch pinot noir ("wild strawberry, violets, dark plum &amp; vanilla spiked oak")
don't know that one, will have to look it up. cheers!
sure it being at vf is cool cuz it's the popular, super nice mall in the valley. but stanford shopping center for ppl in mtn. view/palo alto
i'll always have memories of going to daiso for the first time in mountain view. it was so spacious. sucks it closed years ago and now-
you know you love it
looks like you've all been in the cups.
i'm getting so tired of that it should be a quarter benching every time it happens lol
more than that.
same and ty for the update
ahh good you're okay too! i know u love that area!
fdny source reports the explosion in chelsea/nyc is a confirmed ied.
i agree with if hillary gets in were done..third world nation in the future nothing but criminals and lawlessness!
with &amp; a g that looks like google. listen to dice play by brown eyed girls on .
all the songs are from the same radio station. good picks so far. play twenty-three radio on .
i'm still waiting for the nypd/fdny to make a statement. probably not until the wee hours of the morning...
well if all the periscope streams and everything related are to be believed, something definitely went down.
i turn on cnn to see about bombs in syria, a bomb just went off in nyc - they're showing our president campaigning. disgraceful.
it is what he wants. he hates americans.
you still have an emotional roller coaster to ride lol the next season is coming out this month
omg there's more!!!! don't tell me tho.
ayeeeeee you better have bought that one
i was wayyy too hungry i got a sand which instead but i'm def trying it soon
"i don't like critics," donald trump says in colorado springs.
this is journalistic malpractice candace-- 78 characters left! might say the rest of the story.."that get the job done."
yes they are related, but does an inactive democratic extremist group called the kkk make it okay for blacks to do the same?
inactive? they hand out flyers time to time and just lynched a man in atlanta back in july.
...or do they want to make themselves feel powerful, smart, funny, or observant (all of the above?).
they talk so much, but they say so little.
shock video us backed 'moderate' syrian rebels threaten to kill us special forces via
its called gratitude.
you think "suggestions it was..." is the same as taking something as gospel. and you talk of others' stupidity? wow.
again, try to keep up. no one credible suggested any such thing, only twitter. by spreading "suggestions" you add to frenzy. stop.
my daug. proud of you little brother well done
thank you big bro, much love
are you going to the midnight screening tonight??
i was but then the explosion happened :-/ which is like an avenue away from the theatre
rip to a clean looking imessage conversation. they are just stickers on top of stickers with gifs in between now.
a little nauseating like ray said. i'm going to stick to twitter
in arizona milk was a thing. i found that very disappointing.
how does that even work?
okay so .. clearly makeup isn't my thing
lmaoooo we knew this already
you know i had to make this xd
i don't think i wish to know what that tastes like
join me in wishing billy miller a happy birthday.
happy birthday, billy miller. hoping you are enjoying your special day.
lolol go ahead then boo! wish i could take a drink with you :(
i'ma visit in october and bring wine
i need a fucking hug right now
i wish i was there it's you
ok twitter family, i need help naming my new kitten. what should his name be?
bill, ted, or rufus.
breaking attack in / 2nd ied reported
there is no indication of that at this point, please slow down.
i thought you were my future, but you're my ex
i thought he was my ex, but he ain't shit
wow this is amazing ... and for a public university
it ought to be amazing, considering what we paid for it.
15 minor injuries. no fatalities
the intention was for greater harm i'm sure.
and what are you calling people names n shit a troll right grow up
what are you talking about? who's calling anyone names? oh and by the way, nice suit.
possibly 3 tho?
and possibly just 1. without any confirmation of a connection, why would it be national news?
there aren't any black walkers on "the walking dead"..
they've popped up throughout the series. first time i recall seeing a large number, season three.
when someone tries to argue with you on a subject you obsess over
this is you with the dixie chicks
incredible speech! = truth
i swell with pride when he speaks about america! i share his vision and his concerns. time to get hrc elected!!
before anyone jumps to conclusions in , 23rd and 6th on a saturday night isn't exactly jumping. seems an unlikely place.
major intersection actually
i'm seeing reports of it being an ied. i sure hope not.
yeah, unconfirmed. white nationalists trying to get their fears of isis validated by the public
was that clutch? was that a huge hit?
yo is the man!
thank you great honor and fun weekend
congrats!
my parents just both called me because apparently an explosion went off in nyc and i totally missed it and now we have to get home :)
we're safe but potentially stranded?
just hanging in central park waiting it out.
take cabs please. come to brooklyn if you need a place to stay i'm in chelsea now going home by uber soon
she doesn't have to be a mother/daughter/wife to catch your sympathy or attention.she was a women &amp;she didn't belong to any of those people.
i don't think people understand how toxic that could be. shit is basically fake sympathy
it's not gonna be as bad as you think man. michigan and minnesota are the worst. don't go there lol
i wouldn't dare. when will you know for sure
the apartment i'm staying at is fairly close to the explosion plus that's the path i ride my bike everyday to and from class
is it okay down there ..???
yes. im the chillest mom
thanks ma. we'll just be playing pokmon go &amp; learning how to sext in the den
beautiful night for a ballgame.
yeah sure is
what's up with the heat
what's gucci mayne!!!
small explosion, cause seems to still be unknown?? couple of people hurt
i just hope it's some freak accident and nothing more;;; you never know &gt;__&lt;
lol i have no idea if it's true yet but we'll see
she's in new york
coolio doesn't even exist anymore
i didnt think so either but ig he does
help bridge these gaps &amp; connect minority startups and businesses to investors and lenders
needs 2 play a direct role in providing like &amp; . needs 2b increased x100 over.
he's smart not taking the base there he wants the big spot! gotta love that
putting the two lefties granderson and bruce together is not good
what is up with asians and powerlifting
bruh i went neck and neck with one today came down to the final deadlift haha
thanks bub i still need to apply again to transfer careers but that is in december. hope everything is doing well for you
i'll keep my fingers crossed! i'm only working part-time now, which is annoying, but hopefully something will come through :)
just in: the nypd is responding to an explosion at 23rd street and 6th avenue in new york city. the cause of the explosion is not yet known
hope it's not terrorism.
lol im about to get one rn
no ya not game will be over by that time
two weeks to prepare for team europe didn't go too well.
having 18 skaters lined up along one blue line, one supposes, will be the plan.
i'll always have memories of going to daiso for the first time in mountain view. it was so spacious. sucks it closed years ago and now-
there still isn't a daiso on the peninsula... so it would make sense to open a pop up store there ???
i don't understand how you see that someone's close friend died and are the only one around and go back to bed
yeah that's pretty heartless
i understand that this is a complicated concept for non-native english speakers, so hopefully that clarified it for you.
you're not nearly as clever as you think, and someday you'll actually grasp what we discussed.
the backdrop for trump's faux press conference just came crashing down
haha! and he wants to build a huge great wall to block mexico and he can;t even do this right! lol!!!! he's such a loser.
i'm not seeing it either. i wonder what the radius is. i feel like it should include us
for sure. my guess is it's just a little bit of a lag as i haven't seen anyone check in yet.
was it multiple explosions or just one ?
. im getting updates via news app. not sure yet.
hahahhhaha!!! this is only two weeks !!!!! comeeeee!!!!
i think you need an assistant
they've known each other since steve was on his first wife lol
hmm.... very interesting.
big city is fired up after dp. might have broken leake's hand with that congratulations.
sweet play. so glad to be here and see it. :)
sleep? yeah, i'm getting a ton.
you remind me of a young me.
i think i have like 5 on for notifications. i should do more.
i may have to scale back because the notifications in ios10 are really intrusive
will the saturday show be out tonight ?
working on it as we speak! 11 to 11:30 pm range
nyc folks, i hope you are safe and making your way home ok. craziness.
really appreciate it, mary! i live 4 blocks away, heard the explosion, have seen ems cars race by for an hour+ :/
proper respectful gentlemen. a rarity these days for sure.
pro tip ignore all of that shit because women are crazy and there's no real blueprint.
has cornell finally turned the corner? or do the bison need r.j. nitti back, pronto?
muh was good.same issue for bison get yds dont score.
yes they are related, but does an inactive democratic extremist group called the kkk make it okay for blacks to do the same?
the people who cause terror, (ex. what happened in dallas), r people who come to protests and disrupt it and the actual meaning
hahahah i love you cos i hate grey's so much for making me feel so many different things.
exactly! i cry over every episode and relate it to my life and i hate it so much i can't stop watching it
i was so depressed when i saw the last episode of seinfeld
best anime ever, very lifelike and real
if you know the answer is the prize a pallet of laundered cash?
as uncontrollable bombs explode, sick &amp; her minion in shriek take our guns away. or
he is amazing! love to hear him speak, especially when he really gets going like he just did. and he speaks truth.
. missed it. what &amp; where?
tag a friend below to follow us and you both could win a $250 hibbett gift card. ends 9/18.
come follow, and let's win! woo hoo!
heard this explosion in from 9th and 23rd. sirens, helicopters here now. nyc under control, as always.
ugh. staying in that 'hood tmrw
even hitler had a waifu.
also a lot of mefos
oh i'm certain something of note happened, but i'm willing to wait until morning so i have the whole picture.
for certain, we'll have news by then. for now, it's decidedly a disaster.
was just invited to karaoke in san francisco. darn. i'm going to bed. good night.
at least you spelled karaoke right...
what clothes reveal by linda bumgaurten
in ol claire often checks out people's garments to access their status
can anyone explain this? all the cell phones show a different image than what they are pointed at.
deceitful she makes look like a rookie.
gosh which one is this!
that's the original 3g i think...crazy it's been 9 years!
question of the day: who do you think won the week? trump or clinton?
why is it not breaking news about the bombs in ny?
which essentially makes them cargo bike diverters.
needs of cargo bikes routinely ignored: parking, trail entrances, "walk bike" zones. sure you can add more.
getting a round of ahead in the clouds in before dinner.
really enjoying my plays of this.
what are friends?
wait said she's my friend
oh yes. if it's something i want, that heuristic does not apply. it's only for tings i don't wannnnnnnna.
i admire your control. i'm like, have thought, mouth moves! :d
aww thanks for the encouragement
your welcome
agreed. i've heard people say some ignorant shit. god forbid if you don't agree with them.
what i don't like is when someone say "they, them, those people" and i simply point out that it sounds racist and they go bonkers
i hear is a good place to learn english as a second language. maybe check it out. :)
you're flailing. good luck with your writing. hopefully it's clearer than your thinking.
oh yes. if it's something i want, that heuristic does not apply. it's only for tings i don't wannnnnnnna.
but i know what you mean. tomorrow could be too late. it might fester.
i swear they all powerlifting but they're good
they have all the powerlifting teams in cali and that's all of them bro it's crazy
we care very much. that's why we asked for you to email us and we absolutely would have made it right.
i emailed you and no response. hence my tweet
want to give a fact?you leftists seem so against conspiracy theories yet you are making onenow
bill gates not leftist.i am a businessman.started my business in 1976. i
or go to san francisco and go to yaoicon and party with me
i wanna so bad i wanted to go to yaoicon
between the caution and road closure symbols is where the explosion happened.
no, one block west.
you can suck in the nfl 6-10 and draft 11 or 12
ah yes, going full dolphins
cherry 11 lows size 10, $160
are these sold
has the plug this time around!
how much for a deuce???
to everyone whom follows me whom is considering voting for donald trump: please do not. he is bad
actually he's good now bitch
i am reading a book on low country folk remedies, and apparently black cow's milk was prized to cure--i quote--"live things in you."
i've got a nineteenth century book of folk remedies: the cure for bed-wetting was, i kid you not, strychnine. effective, sure!
i watched the episode today with the pole between the 2 ppl and one of them had to die. i cried very hard
i just finished watching it and im still crying
yes they are related, but does an inactive democratic extremist group called the kkk make it okay for blacks to do the same?
you're the type of person who's quick to call a muslim a terrorist but wouldn't say the same if it was dylann roof
god i love this town
greatest city in the world.
ok. do you feel like you need to throw vital docs in your purse to have them on you in case your route home gets blocked?
if you do need anyone or anything, i'm from boston but am visiting my boyfriend in williamsburg for the weekend
news analysis: donald trump's anything-goes campaign sets an alarming political precedent
i don't understand why people don't reject trump's lies?excellent editorial but needs to expand into voter fatigue or ??
what. the. fuck. is. going. on? this is explosion number 3 today.
this is frightening. first nj and nyc and now va???
haha nice! dig the tie.. what?!
lol, thanks
at least you aren't watching the garbage pail kids movie
we don't have enough alcohol for that...
we all good just gotta pray for these people out there
good! yes we do!! our city needs jesus!
agreed. i've heard people say some ignorant shit. god forbid if you don't agree with them.
and these are the people who say i'm too pc for saying "can you not say entitled for everyone who is on assistance?
tag a friend below to follow us and you both could win a $250 hibbett gift card. ends 9/18.
this is amazing, &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
for the president, it's about a campaign promise. for us, it's about keeping americans safe.
such utter garbage as usual.
abandon ship
by that logic we should all use android
time to do the easter egg
its just a visual glitch tbh
does anyone else out there watch on netflix? it's a great reboot!
is really good!! any questions ask !!
how do you turn shuffle off of music on ios10 wtf
nvm you just slide up that shit is dumb as fuck
i watched the episode today with the pole between the 2 ppl and one of them had to die. i cried very hard
my cracked screen has tears inside i can't handle these emotions
explosion, was a bomb in a dumpster apparently
oh wow i'm out here on holiday as well
krush groove, under the bridge.
simmons, his eyes open
is the age of app over? half of u.s. smartphone users download zero apps per month
i think would be more relevant to look at new phones
officials are investigating an explosion in manhattan's chelsea neighborhood
about time!
shame. but hey, at least it doesn't blow up, right?
everything feels like it is an extra click away now
congrats on finding degrassi joey
everybody wants something, man.
jr purple wins 37-0. sr purple wins 25-22. great job!
awesome job guys! keep up the hard work!
new york friends, y'all ok? i saw check in. , , , , ?
wait what happened
dang why are there so few women audio engineers and mixers. lemme ask on gearslutz
i went up to mix magazine at an aes show years ago to ask why they never interviewed woman engineers/mixers. they had no answer.
oh god, i just realized i've been picking on someone with learning difficulties. i didn't realize. i'm sorry.
sorry, you looking in the mirror again? bet you do that a lot.
i hate racist people. inbreed douchebags.
sadly i have some family like this....we don't talk anymore
want to give a fact?you leftists seem so against conspiracy theories yet you are making onenow
i probably pay more in taxes than you make.
only fox news seems to be talking about it. others covering hillary and potus giving a speech.
thank you!! i was looking at local networks -- appreciate this. watching now
do you know this animation? it's uncannily similar!
haha i didn't know that, and of course i guess he also doesn't know that too.
happy birthday smobby! wish i was there to celebrate with you!
wish you was here too bro. thanks man
i only lose to kids im 20x better than
never was beg eye remember your roots
ok good . thanks
also that spot. if it was a dumpster, doubt it's terrorist b/c so many better targets within a block, subway. the 10th pct
who do you have in main and co main?
numbers are close on both. hall-brunson more of a coin flip than current odds. lean towards poirier in the main event.
i'm gonna make one of those tear-away 365 day calendars, but for google updates, and every day it will say "core update".
that would be helpful
reporting 101
people have been grinding for months to make that jump. hope they have the right compression shorts on!
rt to win: abh sundipped &amp; brush must be following me
when you got no highlighters
six month pictures~ plz forgive my vanity orz
it's not vanity man, it's pride &amp; being proud of how far you've come in your journey the past nine months
i could, depending on what abby's asked of her &amp; her mental status at the moment. misguided, but ...
still. even if abby asked her not to say anything i would hope that laura would do the right thing.
end of the 1st quarter here in norman.
hold em here &amp; turn the momentum sooner strong
that you john wayne? lol!!!!
i'm sending a couple soundtracks to you tonight starting with star trek beyond
threatened again, bernie? is this how you stand up for your supporters paid and threatened...
yes, by the way, how is house you sold out for a summer home. bought you cheap!
totally wrong. that's a very busy section of 23rd street.
compared to union square, times square, both within walking distance? no, not wrong at all.
i die laughing every time she says they killed biggie. like...bitch!
lmfaoooooooooo
that's my favorite.
this one too
new blair witch movie fucked me up.
new suggestion.
for sure. my guess is it's just a little bit of a lag as i haven't seen anyone check in yet.
i keep getting the "about" page when i try to manually go to it. might not have been fully turned on yet.
it's official. the grand tour with , and starts 18th of november.
i been an prime subscriber for awhile now, i never tried . will finally get me to use the service
is our peace ~
and let the peace of god rule in your hearts, to which also you were called in one body; and be thankful. colossians 3:15
the kids just found out.
just made it the "run by fruiting" scene. i'm glad he threw that fruit to end all the fucking exposition.
eyewitness: in front of "king david gallery" owned by israelis...
. oh, come on....if they wanted a jewish target it isn't this. sell this bs elsewhere.
gerald holmes muscles his way in to the end zone from 3 yards out. xp is good, and msu extends its lead. sparty now leads 22-7
no excuse for irish being in a rebuilding year in kelly's 7th season. frosh can't compete.
but unlike you i'm still on the last ios always wait a little bit to see the bugs that can get fixed.
smart move... i get too excited to see what's new!
they've popped up throughout the series. first time i recall seeing a large number, season three.
more noteworthy ones. michonne's pets. the female walker that looked similar to her in msp of s4. noah's twin bro, bit tyrese
mixed reviews about that half
wow wondo texted you from the field?
so apparently my dog went full "not today satan!" on the beach today in la.
but i bet he had lots of fun.
i am not defending the kkk. the blm movement is extremely violent, just like the kkk. that's why i am against both movements.
blm never killed anyone though... some of the things they do can be controversial but totally different from the kkk
see, the mistake here is that thinking that the game is not about grabbing money
as always, it's a business first and foremost.
i thought chelsea was in new jersey, not new york.
it's on the hudson river, north of the village.
how so? i see updates and fears, totally normal reactions
there are zero facts confirmed at this point.
it's just 22:00 where i am ^^; beautiful night
i unfortunately have loads of homework i should be doing but major depression is kicking my ass, among other things.
i was asking ppl if they were going or not and i think it's unsafe. glad you're going to be safe at least! get some good rest
thanks for checking on me! same goes to you :-)
what spot is that
fuck that ur coming w. me! &amp; sohobar
new sunlit-inspired merch some items like this hat are only available on tour. bay area, see you tonight!
wish i could see tonight.
is it far from you ? sorry i'm really shitty with directions and geography.
i live in nj. but i was commuting from downtown nyc to mid town. i passed through that area.
i could, depending on what abby's asked of her &amp; her mental status at the moment. misguided, but ...
especially where jennifer and j.j. are concerned.
ok good . thanks
tons of stores and bars etc. probably some wacko disgruntled boyfriend or employee. just a guess of course n
explosion in chelsea
shit! i didn't hear anything
i am not defending the kkk. the blm movement is extremely violent, just like the kkk. that's why i am against both movements.
who ever said you were defending the kkk
president obama: "my name may not be on the ballot, but our progress is on the ballot"
so they called every name in the books &amp; that seems not to work so fine, they are now instilling fear. i see!!
that can help them better access &amp; navigate the capital and connectors needed to grow
needed 2 exec. pgms on like vs. crappy bizplan classes.
according to the building where this happened was under construction. sounds like an accident?
i was thinking/hoping that, but reports of a dumpster w/ a hole blown thru it. obviously, need more time for info ...
it was fun working on this track.
hope to bring more fun to the near future fam
i didn't say every change i said when a lot of people are seeing large changes :)
even large changes are pointless to comment on. with the last one nothing's changed for you
what started out as a simple sketch turned into fanart of , hope you don't mind jessi
almost as beautiful as the real thing.
look i don't care if you don't like me gettin high or go "omg can you stop"its either i do it now or l8r i'm gonna get high either way lmfao
i got stopped by the cops twice while smokin in public and i was straight up about what i was doing and they let me go /with/ my weed
you're not near that explosion are you?
i was one block away.
"industrial something dancing... it's the greatest style of dancing."
"under a bridge. with keychains."
this song is dope.
for a song about kidnapping and murders it's very upbeat
i happen to know more interpretations of the akronym 'ied', than google does. so: thank you indeed.
in case you were curious what the rest of the nation interprets ied as
they are called cervezas tonight, loco. use your spanglish!
uncle bobby on the wagon tonight. no beers for bobby
we literally like all of the same things. alyssa is so out of her mind, i'm obsessed. but i love , who do you want to win?
basically we are soul sister! i love her!!! same alaska or katya!
the media's colossal failure: newsweek's bombshell should have destroyed trump campaign. why didn't it?
media biased coverage has made their impact flush down
what spot is that
fuck that ur coming w. me! &amp; soho park
first thought i had was about the weather.. was it gonna rain tonight. then it was loud i'm 3 blocks over and heard it loud.
definitely loud (certainly must have terrified people with past experiences with bad loud things)
is it far from you ? sorry i'm really shitty with directions and geography.
didnt experience anything. except train wasnt express .
whatever u do, dont ruin your experience by watching the sequel...
there were some scenes in the sequel that were really solid but yeah not as good by a long shot
was reporter out clubbing in chelsea when happened?
her clothing is fine. that isn't what is important.
skatalites - 'simmer down'
wow ! ave love the skatalites . . hap sat 2 aall . .
well, that will stop the problem...
also good for quieting a noisy baby.
i can't find it either, but then again i'm nowhere near. maybe buzzfeed is wrong?
i don't think buzzfeed is wrong. might just take awhile to turn on or feature turns on for "vip" users first.
he was right you fucking shitbird!
he probably paid someone to do it..... doodyhead!
media staging will be on 23rd street and 5th avenue. more to follow.
hope everyone is safe explosion reported in new york city -
i can always rely on to like my really old tweets at night
that's love and life.
president obama: "my name may not be on the ballot, but our progress is on the ballot"
unfortunately what is in the ballot in this election is whether we are going to continue with the corruption or maga. choice!!!
fact: clintons take money + work for countries that have institutionalized abuses of women &amp; murder of homosexuals.
getting rich &amp; doesn't care if she's in a burka...
cool beans.
also sending the complete scores for cutthroat island and the rocketeer finally :)
same man now i need hall and dustin can't believe sam was 11,200
had a ton of him across the board
neither cnn nor msnbc even have reporting of nyc explosion, none-the-less live coverage. someone give me a periscope?
hope you are safe!! my friend was down there but thankfully was not harmed
three up three down for and we are underway in game 3. lineups!
"everybody hits rawhide" lady is here, after ozuna 1b did her yell. mavs fan in first row: "not last night, lady."
&lt;record scratch&gt; really?
. i'm curious to know if apple would really use an analog pass-through for their $9 adapter. the old dock adapter uses a dac.
please stay safe everyone in manhattanwe are thinking about you i hope all my nyc followers are doing okay
i was over in that area yesterday where the explosion happened...it's so busy over there...fucking scary
i don't think buzzfeed is wrong. might just take awhile to turn on or feature turns on for "vip" users first.
or rolls out slowly to random users? idk.
bomb went off in chelsea?
i guess some shithead had a beef with dumpster.
we remember the 83,000+ american servicemembers still missing from wwii to present day.
staggering number. i had no idea it was so high.
oy, i'm more afraid of google becoming big brother than i am of isis.
yeah, there are many potential problems here
my boyfriend is spilling liquor all over the place help
tell him to stop being dumb
down to 17 after too many men penalty.
"you can't take that penalty there, at that time," tortorella said after canada's 7-0 win.
let's all stop clicking on any news articles about trump? news organizations will cover what brings them hits. stop clicking.
yes! people are getting used to him, the new normal. i refuse to name him in principle.
actually started that fight and never gives up! he can actually stand at a memorial service
chelsea, when you were born they threw out the baby and kept the afterbirth.
would losing the tournament be better for team usa than winning so they can clean house?
clean house and then what. its one bad game its far from over.
one large group of black americans that absolutely hate the clinton's are the haitians. want to know why...
lol. just the powerhouse group one would want as supporters. haitians.
this coming tuesday night in nyc, contemporaneous plays orbit @ in midtown:
will you be there?!
explosion in chelsea
someone else mentioned it. where did you see it?
going to a undergrad party has really reinforced how much of an old witch i am
if i go to admissions screaming and crying do you think they'll let me be an undergrad again
alt-right reaction to - "cnn loves muslims!" nothing about helping victims, waiting for evidence to make conclusions
homeland security is on scene and its been confirmed an ied hours after same thing in jersey shore.
trying out "duck face" let me know what you think in the comments
good job, good effort
where did u get those jeans :(
i don't remember but i was thrifting by 14th st :/ try the guess website, hopefully they have something similar!
more noteworthy ones. michonne's pets. the female walker that looked similar to her in msp of s4. noah's twin bro, bit tyrese
morgan's wife jenny, in the pilot. the one that hopped the fence and chased rick and glenn. in the s1 episode guts.
all my friends in chelsea please check in
we were just in the 1/2 train hell from this. hope everyone is ok.
they do actually. they grants directly &amp; they also direct the funds thru nonprofits that provide that $ to small businesses
no i mean direct govt grants no middle agencies. just like and others. t/ calls for this.
it's just you and me....... by
hey carson! you're *star-mazing* :-)
hildeberto pereira is a breath of fresh air to the team busy all game easily our man of the match
follow his insta the guy is effing nuts love him
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
shut. the. fuck. up.
president obama: "my name may not be on the ballot, but our progress is on the ballot"
we have seen hillary's leadership skills &amp; i dont wish that to my worst enemy. everything she touches is death, pain and anger
possible explosion reported in new york's chelsea neighborhood
not possible .... i heard it from my apt
meanwhile, here's the man who seeks to lead our country through crisis.
you mean by crisis along w/nypd the enforcement arm for "her majesty" vatican &amp; bis (chpt11)
yea right. just look at your timeline. it's about cespedes 80% of the time
guess he doesn't like the 64% of the time he gets runner home from 3rd w less than 2 puts either
which do you prefer? vote &amp; rt!
tie score on this one !!
seriously. go to 1:35 in this song and just absorb the greatness. blake neely is the bomb.
wow that is really good
just so i remember to put myself first on occasion
absolutely you do have to take care of yourself
this is true if you have the need for instant (mostly wrong) info. for accurate facts, msm still wins.
really depends on what you're after. if you're trying to determine police presence &amp; street closures, msm is too slow to help.
&amp; im in chelsea rn.
just be aware, but i'm sure you'll be ok
you on probation or something ? mom in town ?
too much fun yesterday. need to recover
sorry our film is not hd
it's ok ya still
yeah it's fire lmao
you should try they're chipotle flatbread
"pipe bomb" earlier in seaside today. now there's an explosion in nyc. "unrelated incidents," media claims.
and now we hear one in charlottesville, va.
the only alum who hates his alma mater i swear
cal bout to get started at 730
first of all, a little spanish grammar lesson. when asking, "por que" is two words. gueona maraca culia
you're worried over a spelling error? i'd be more worried about as to why you're voting for narcissistic &amp; racist asshole
miguel gonzalez has 10 quality starts in his last 11 w/ a 2.70 era. only start that wasn't quality he left w/ injury after 1 ip (aug. 11).
this season is about to be overrrr . the sox better release miguel gonzalez, matt albers, chris beck, tommy kahnle , -
and a cheese pairing?
white cheddar cheez-it 4 me
um, i dunno how to break this to you...
two shows in rochester?
breaking: nypd responding to explosion in manhattan. at least 2 people are injured.
atleast 25 injured.
. "appears to have been an explosion in a dumpster, but still unknown or undisclosed cause."
good evening shoq. i take it you heard president obama's speech. it's imparitive we continue his legacy by voting 4 hrc.
this is the second time this week i've been called ugly... by the same person... wtf !
where were you guys!? left at like 9:20 hoping i'd see y'all and nothing
"pipe bomb" earlier in seaside today. now there's an explosion in nyc. "unrelated incidents," media claims.
explosion in nyc?!?
just saw the news at work, hoping you're okay in new york
it's down the street from the bar i'm at love, but i'm safe!
well i meant reno specifically but i realize now this is bigger than me: girls rule boys drool worldwide
men are like peaches, about 1/20 even remotely approach that ideal ripeness &amp; flavor but most of the time they just nasty
same here....and it looks confusing...
it is confusing, and it eliminated song ratings, which deviates me
of course! i had to spend a while thinking about where i'd see the look-alike before
i hope he doesn't lose this sense of imperfect perfectness.
i thought i should share this with all of you.
fuck em judy. listen to ur podcast every night! so funny i can't sleep! thank you for your talent!!!!
president obama: "my name may not be on the ballot, but our progress is on the ballot"
as we speak, ny is burning, those are the answers we need in this election: safety, jobs, security, opportunity, love not hate
stop trying to change the topic. it would only make sense to be cautious about muslims, since over 25% of them are radical.
lmao just stfu. honestly. everyone knows you hate muslims. i see your tweets i'm not stupid. please sit down
bet if you tap the heels of the third pair three times they'll take u wherever u wanna go
hope they take me to your house
i'll accept your apology for your blatant lies about no credible source &amp; me making shit up anytime now.
since the tweet i responded to had no such link, nah, don't think you deserve any apology.
what do you think they will do?
best hrdwre + brand loylty + annual upgrd cycle @ highr rate = + supply of old devices leading 2 + penetration for low-tier consumers
well, i thinks 's , , , and had something to do with the boom too.
luv the shoutout; at the time sooo wanted her job
that shit pieces me off. though if there wasn't people (a huge amount white) abusing the system.
i love when people blame a black, spanish, female or democratic mayor for something, but don't realize the gov and sens are reps
1 sgt, 1 penn officer, 4 innocent civilians shot by an individual driven by hatred. pray for them &amp; their families
newyork incident and philadelphia connected?
anyone injured? ?
up to 20 people with minor injuries
oy, i'm more afraid of google becoming big brother than i am of isis.
at least this program is public, and generally people can keep an eye out for this kind of thing.
this takes an unusual turn at the end
i don't feel comfortable with having a president who is afraid of mosquitos.
same thing happened today in seaside park nj!!! no one got hurt but cops found bombs all over
they should check to see where 'clock boy' is.. he warned of something he had planned....
i am fine and so is . we were watching and missed the whole thing. glad no one's hurt
glad no one's hurt really badly, i mean
that shit pieces me off. though if there wasn't people (a huge amount white) abusing the system.
they say "if it was a conservative" but what they mean is...if it was a white male, we wouldn't hear about it
president obama: "you want to give me a good send off? go vote!"
all these is to help push hillary across the finish line, guess she will be needing all of u to do the job when she wins? never
get on this you two...
i'll deal with the aftermath tomorrow morning
if u support trump at least support him knowing that he is in bed w putin, &amp; russia needs trump to win &amp; please at least wonder why this is
that's just speculation. but hillary actually sold uranium to putin. that's a cozy bed:
men are like peaches, about 1/20 even remotely approach that ideal ripeness &amp; flavor but most of the time they just nasty
believe me i'm no perfect peach
that's what i'm afraid of
we are safe / home . everyone stay safe
i wouldn't be surprised if den d takes a sizeable step back this year
this ok dk cash sunday only?
i am pretty near the site of the nyc explosion. nyc is calm. i only found out it happened because of twitter.
i was in chelsea and we thought it may be an accident only heard "possible terrorism" once i got on twitter.
"don't you just love this song, mom? mom? don't you just love this song?" -7yro, playing owl city's "fireflies" for the 128th time.
"these magical creatures showed me how they delight in the world. for their trouble, i took some prisoner." shorter fireflies.
that's how we are bro
thats right..
idk who but somebody hire him
versatile skills are important in this economy
dat guillotine tho
oof, that was in deep
"casualties" is a bad word to use for "people injured" because it's often used as shorthand for "fatalities"
it's not technically wrong, since "casualties" can mean "fatalities and injuries." i'm surprised doesn't have a section on this
okay. a grey's marathon has to happen for the three of us. we can cry and hold on to each other.
come over here! i can make a craft night. but no greys anatomy please
police are gradually cordoning off a larger area. now part of 7th ave closed to road/foot traffic.
does this terror incident give trump another 5 percentage points closer to winning? do you factor this into your forecasts?
member when someone's wedding band covered converge at their wedding. incredible.
literally going to be me with ktd
oh, it is indeed an extraordinary album. the super natalie gauci at her very best
pure class . . .
as an ou fan, i'm glad we scored. as a human, i can't cheer for mixon. bc the ol' anything-goes-as-long-as-you-can-play thing isn't ok w me.
what amount of punishment does he need to receive for him to live his life again? or is 1 mistake = lifetime sentnce?
just there an hour ago. :/
oh my, julie! glad you and the whole family (i hope) are safe.
just ran across this 1, written by &amp; just press playhouse, flushed with love it looks great!
thanks for the shout out!!!
we couldn't be happier to hear it-what was the highlight of your visit to oz?
defying gravity
goldfish or cheezits?
this was a hard choice :/ but goldfish have a weird aftertaste
morgan's wife jenny, in the pilot. the one that hopped the fence and chased rick and glenn. in the s1 episode guts.
the one that tried to attack andrea. in the s2 episode, when the greene family is introduced.
everyone on ou's defensive line is breaking lol \_()_/
oh i see your ascii shrug fam
just made it the "run by fruiting" scene. i'm glad he threw that fruit to end all the fucking exposition.
if daniel wanted to get back into the house post-apartment cleanup, he should have killed off mrs. doubtfire
breaking: nypd responding to explosion in manhattan. at least 2 people are injured.
possible connection between philadelphia and newyork?
nice! don't drop it !
oh i know. i'm getting a case with it. i always have my phone in a silicone case anyway.
i don't know ny very well. how far is it from you?
chelsea is in manhattan sis l.
i think capt. kirk watched the same schoolhouse rock constitution episode i saw as a kid.
i really wish "schoolhouse rock" would be shown again. on saturday mornings. i'd watch it.
. thats an old louis ck joke recycled from some other nameless comic. ctr using 2010 memes.
some vintage memes are appropriate for backward thinkers! admit it. you it!!
trump again suggests clinton's secret service bodyguards disarm: "let's see what happens"
make america great again? sad people listen this low .
nice! don't drop it !
but i like having the ability to take it out on occasion for the wow factor lol
listening to day6 congratulations makes me think of crown prince chanyeol waiting for his husband to be baekhyun at the altar with a smile
omg thats such a sad and super nice song same feels i didnt know them until a few months ago
that's just speculation. but hillary actually sold uranium to putin. that's a cozy bed:
and you have to be pretty narcissistic to think we value your opinion after attacking us for rejecting a corrupt warmonger.
it was great. i know his mom and dad remain very proud. he's having a great game.
exciting game for sure! proud parents!
these three dacs will keep the music spinning: audioquest dragonfly red/black | techradar. related...
i'm more concerned that external devices can only draw 100 ma over the lightning port, less than 500 ma for usb hosts. not enough for big .
just got a picture with the quarterback for michigan and i think i'm in love now...
ask him to home coming. you seem to have good luck with that
lmaoo mean ass throw back!
from the you and cris group chat. hey respect tho
i have been saying it all day. an absolute disgrace to the human race. that program deserved the death penalty
it's the reason i quit cfb. glad you are onboard
whatever happens, happens. trump is and will always be nothing more than a slick used car salesman
and hillary will always be a washed up sleeze who lies her way thru life.
given blasio's hatred of trump, expect the chelsea terrorist attack to be covered up, called a "gas leak."
there was a 'gas leak' in seaside today too... what a coincidence!
hope all my friends and neighbors in manhattan are safe right now
what happened?
what happened in chelsea???
a dumpster exploded i think
what the fuck there was a bomb??
sorry i'm fine btw, around times square and got a call asking where i was and that "all hell was breaking loose"
i'm feeling like that today too. can. not. get. into. action.
yes. got to give permission to have an off day and let it be that.
i don't know the reference.
no ref whatsoever..nate just said an explosion in is ho-hum!
i've always wanted a speed queen tbh.
omfg! out of laundry detergent oh well any excuse to visit target halloween i suppose
muslims are the only people who can make improvised explosive devices? news to me
its a coordinated terror attack, same m.o. as jersey shore. i'll take the odds on it being islamic in nature.
if you where ever accused of being a christian would there be enough evidence to convict you?
for i am not ashamed of the gospel of christ, 4 it is the power of god 2 salvation 4 everyone who believes, rom.1:16
just completed a 30.78 km run - san francisco loop ...
i try and avoid driving a car that far.
all my nyc friends stay safe tonight please
i just saw this as we are getting into the city
water pistol alone woulda stopped me. that and nothing good has ever come of updates. rip to your battery and all manner of shit
water pistol?
what video game made you think that you will never find a better one?
the witcher 3!!!
she will never be elected
i hope not i was joking!!
you *assumed* i was making shit up, because you hadn't done your research. that's on you, not me.
my research indicates one post linking to a bbc alert, no ny post story. after that is was "shit...suggestions"...no source.
thank god got a real host to cover the explosion. is awful!
at least they were covering it. cnn and msnbc were in obamas speech.
be safe out there,sounds like idiots are out there
thanks homie, just hearing about the explosion in brooklyn now..
i'm more concerned that external devices can only draw 100 ma over the lightning port, less than 500 ma for usb hosts. not enough for big .
so the high-impedance headphone amps like the soundblaster e1 i've been using for a while now would work with the 3.5 mm adapter, at least.
hope your having a great night!
thanks girl! it was a fun night!
"casualties" is a bad word to use for "people injured" because it's often used as shorthand for "fatalities"
yeah, my first thought was fatalities when i saw it and gasped
i don't think anyone understands how excited i am to finally be seeing live
when are you going?!! we are seeing him in nyc!
ma boys poppin henny for the hell of it
doing it for you rjm!!!!!!!!!
it's like they haven't seen each other all week
what is going on
lol is that your response to every tweet? your candidate is a racist, look it up
you have that wrong bigotry is the only issue has to run on she causes the black/white hate.
but it's not....
its not to a real one
another upbeat song about being bad is that one from last house on the left that makes the rapists sound like wacky goofballs.
i had to get a copy of the midnight soundtrack shipped from the uk after i saw the film. such a bad movie
thank you! i want to move there so bad!! i'm going for my birthday in january
no problem! i think you should, take some time to find a good place. you can do it and that's gonna be fun! how old again??
i may have discovered it from there. i found it reviewing my old journal :)
fun to work with people who are good at deciding on things, believing in things, &amp; reasoning through things
we really felt for callie here.
throwing stones much mike?
woodley isn't a good analyst...
baller suit game though
this is why seven doesn't put cameras in the apartment
"be still my heart"
awful! thanks for the update, they were reporting injuries/casualties at first
now it's up to 25 according to i don't think we will have a clear number for awhile
star trek beyond sent, boom! one down, a couple more to go tonight...very soon i'll have enterprise volume 2 :)
as bill &amp; ted would say ''excellent'' (air guitar plays). lol!!!
i also believe oliver and company is underrated. i love that soundtrack.
the 'why should i worry' sequence is damn good
breaking: nypd responding to explosion in manhattan. at least 2 people are injured.
2? you guys are pathetic reporters; go suck oblahbla balls
rarely see that much nowadays
sparty just masterfully pulled it off.
she's living the vida loca in sf
she really is
picture taken from explosion at 23rd and 6th
your on it. no worries about coverage
people hate on the silicone ones, but i really love them! haha. have a blue one for my 6s currently.
i have a love/hate relationship with them. they don't last a real long time before starting to tear...
. there was no sense of panic. all was calm, i bought groceries and got on the subway, no delays.
i was eating dinner 2 blocks away - big, deep boom and then the whole restaurant went silent. no panic.
nicholas hely hutchinson, running deer in the fading light | rt
i'm so glad you're back with better than ever tweets
obviously i know why they're following him, but for some reason i'm disappointed.
ugh whyyyyyyyy? i don't know why. (the elf from rudolph the red nosed reindeer always seemed a little off to me.)
how dare he repeat what the breaking news media is reporting
terror bombing strikes new york says no media outlet anywhere.
the worlds greatest orchestra brought the heat to the bronx tonight!!!!
palmieri getting down in the boogie down.
so the high-impedance headphone amps like the soundblaster e1 i've been using for a while now would work with the 3.5 mm adapter, at least.
i'm not 100% solid on the electrical specs, but ios devices seem optimized for the 40-45 ohm impedance observed on the 3.5 mm apple earpods.
btw, what do you use linkis for? :)
it just ands "branded banner" over any pages that i'm twitting =) plus stats, probably =)
friends check in! hoping everyone is okay, scary business this.
i'm about 10 blocks away at a birthday party. people talking about it, but no panic.
i love yu &amp; i miss yu stay focused my love
love &amp; miss you more
almost every game on is trash
ohio state-oklahoma could still be good. atm-auburn and georgia-mizzou are good.
and you cried
for a few days lol
muslims are the only people who can make improvised explosive devices? news to me
another explosion in charlottesville virginia as well right now.
i can't speak for (hi, mythili!) but and i are home and okay.
. yes, we're ok! (hi guys:)) but going from bk to home so hoping there's no craziness along the way east side.
allison i'm literally not i promise you
how can you sit there and lie to my face
it took roughly 1 hour, 25 minutes for "cnn breaking news" to announce the manhattan explosion. are you kidding me?
they couldn't cut away from obamas speech. a holes.
i'm not quitting cfb. i want the ncaa to remove this parasite from football all together.
well they aren't so
. i heard it from , who gets security briefings. he's a source we can trust, right?
trump told colorado audience that terrorist hijackers were about to crash airliner into the moon. please disregard.
crazy. 2 terrorist attacks in one day.
yeah. think it's time to start getting ready for worst case scenario.
oh good. be safe.
we are gunna take a cab instead of walking back just to be safe
a review of .
legit thought you made this up until i checked my mentions
that's what i'm seeing ontwitter so take with a grain of salt.
yeah, i'm not seeing any major news outlets reporting that. so probably not confirmed yet.
agree. my point is, there have been many worse explosions in many places, when they didn't turn it on ...
they should always do it if it's newsworthy. big or small. there is no harm. and yes for other moments anywhere.
lol, i am doing no complaining.
same same might as well knock this homework out
hell yeah this is so awesome!!! hyped for you dude
thank you so much means a lot!
had a really good conversation with a customer today lol, she gave me the best advice i've gotten in a while.
she was like "moe you're young and handsome, don't fall in love, focus on your education and your life goals
if daniel wanted to get back into the house post-apartment cleanup, he should have killed off mrs. doubtfire
start of the restaurant scene. i'm ready for it.
my sister somehow discovered a "can-to-table" place in new orleans. this has gone too far
but what was the name of the person who canned this? what was their emotional state when canning?
a punishment that an average person/non-star-athlete would receive for assault would be satisfactory
a year suspension of football, what value does that have compared to normal person sentence? how can you compare?
have you noticed that is a public critic of putin &amp; very much alive?
you are some unique kind of monster
oh, duh me. i'm in a small town and ny is gigantic to me and it gets confusing!
it's a big city.
i use zipcar to visit family out of the city. it's easy to get rid of the car at the end of my trip.
i lived in park slope for 15 years. 'had a car for the middle 5. with zipcar, etc i save money.
could of gotten a touch down... but noooooo
finally score a touchdown
that makes 3 total today. ugh.
thank you for caring. not
planning a little flight for next week!
! i flew over there today o69 klhm kmyv o69. bring shorts, it's hot!
thanks for voting for trump. even bernie knows that trump is bad news. stop throwing tempter tantrums
only hillbots cant figure out a vote 4 stein is a vote 4 stein, against hillary &amp; trump &amp; 4 neither. miss that hillbot rhetoric
the "suggestion" was from the ny post story. i didn't make it up. i didn't get it from twitter. i got it from that source.
you posted that link after we started up, and not to me. nice try. you're a writer and you can't keep up with your threads. wow.
no one dept can do everything by themselves.we have to all work in partnership which is why cities direct grant $ to partner grps
this has failed to produce the need outcomes. innovation circles are too short, and globalization has fueled govt 2 act directly.
do u like guns southern boi
no idc bout guns
glad to hear, stay safe and be careful! although i'm jealous that you're just relaxing at a bar on a saturday night haha
lol i'm so drunk already babe
impress him by bringing out your best pair of nipple clamps on a first date.
such a thing as a bad pair??!!
now: at least 25 people are injured in ! obama decided to give speech attacking !
please stop lying! he talked about the way whites in mississippi treated blacks during cr era when they tried to vote!
the explosion was confirmed; she's a verified user; she only deleted because of 1 detail.
definitely deleted b/c of patient confidentiality.
lol yup. gotta show that bad boy off.
i'm getting the product red case though this time! gonna be awesome!
congratulations for the trailblazers award at the we've got you..because
yes congratulations
you dodge questions too? classic liberals...
which question did i dodge.i have ma in political science,now you will tell me you know morethanme
a lady at the gate said my makeup was beautiful and another lady was walking past me and said it was bomb
and i came up on a free water bottle n got my garlic fries tonight is lit
it baffles me that someone can sit/kneel quietly and people reply with violence and hate.
all of colin's points now have validity...because of the moronic reactions to "freedom of speech"
where are you carina?
covering the story safely from brooklyn. &lt;3 &lt;3
i was literally exactly where the explosion happened in manhattan just last night.
wait it happemed ln?
awesome citations. you are obviously very skilled at this. .000000002 shekels deposited. 'grats
if only! i could use the $$ so this is the cream of the anti-semitic crop!
booooooo(mer) ;-)
the phipps in you is coming out
as bill &amp; ted would say ''excellent'' (air guitar plays). lol!!!
star trek voyager will have its first volume released in january or february..they had some issues but looks all good now
this season is about to be overrrr . the sox better release miguel gonzalez, matt albers, chris beck, tommy kahnle , -
release jacob turner, james shields, j.b. shuck, @ get free agents catchers jonathan lucroy &amp; matt wieters, aslo get -
msnbc &amp; fox news were way ahead on tragedy in manhattan tonight. cnn focused on black caucus congressional dinner instead
cnn is a hot mess, a total hot mess, after this election, they will close shop cos its more like a tabloid news now.
there is no 1 &amp; 2 train service b/t chambers st &amp; 34 st, due to ied explosion at w 23 st.
calling it an ied without confirmation?
hope everyone in chelsea is okay
and seaside nj!
at estonia's song festival, i have contemplated how governments of four countries and 1/3 the population could be wiped out
it's strange to walk around, thinking "that would make a good dgz."
"i want to be a sexy donald trump for halloween"
it's true that he's scary
media hypocrisy: only called trump a liar after he lied to them about bogus press conference
ha ha so true. only when it directly affected them.
star trek voyager will have its first volume released in january or february..they had some issues but looks all good now
alrighty!!!!
trump jr. has no answers for conflict of interest problems dad's presidency would present
the trump kids ain't very artikyoooolit. donald donated $40,000 to 1 son's college to keep him from being tossed.
watching has me like . where do these people come from?! (or am i just acting sheltered?)
i think the same those gowns that bling is a bit much
it was fun though you guys definitely missed out
we'll just have to go back
not an entire institution working as hard as it can to cover it up and minimize punishment so they can make more $
what about das that selectively prosecute to skew stats? what about parents that use local political connections?
vote trump....
go fuck off. terrorist or attack or not i would never vote for that
i will never take seriously a person who enjoys 24/7 protection, telling me i don't deserve to have a weapon to protect myself.
well no one has told you this. hillary never has . this is one of trumps lie. he has raped someone honey. wake up
i feel that. i the "right wing" stance is to oppose kaepernick. but i'm ok with what he doing. seems very genuine in his concerns
yeah you definitely have a point, but i think it goes farther than just the right.
seriously question what would i do without
thank you for coming into my life you're an actual blessing ily so much
2 thankfully not today then.
i'm good bro, not today. this was coordinated, happened in jersey too
the answers for usc's offense have been out there on this field all game......
yeah it's called stanford's second string ilbs
w/laura coming back she either already knows something or will know something &amp; keep it from jen/chad.
i could see her keeping it from chad. but not jen.
i'm not 100% solid on the electrical specs, but ios devices seem optimized for the 40-45 ohm impedance observed on the 3.5 mm apple earpods.
but they also work well for amplifying as a line output signal, so i don't know if it tells the difference or treats both cases the same.
muslims aren't the only people who coordinate terror attacks but there's no convincing you otherwise anyway
i didn't say they were, i'm just going with my gut instinct. shooting in a classroom, my instinct tells me white teen.
the media is always trying to cover up the nyc explosion, claiming it's a "gas leak" despite earlier reports of an ied.
i agree but if it was an ied it will come out eventually despite the media bias..the truth will rise over hoax media
anyone and everyone in please be careful tonight and get home soon and safely
what happened
surprised facebook has not rolled out safety check yet for
according to buzzfeed they have, but i'm not seeing it :/
had to throw it up one time.. x
ohhhhhh x-factor. i got it!!!!! i love it!
silicon valley vs rust belt: the rivalry narrative every urban denizen in each polity abhors
yup, but it's still real because each side rips into the other for the stereotype
rt : you would have benefited from watching the first hour of today.. addressed and debunked
. clonton strategist mark penn questioned obama's "lack of american roots". clinton and co. are racist.
you used to be against hillary now you're 100% for her? what gives??
the dumbest man to enter the oval office.
glad you're okay and not near the site but man i'm sorry you were in times square
ty! i mean i was just in times square and just got a call about it so i was nowhere near the actual blast when it happened
pigeons can read a little bit, new research shows via
that's amazing :o
and their guy is now a backup.
if kap was healthy this off-season he would be starting this week
endorse trump if you really care about supreme court
: only if vicious vindictive ted fixes the election for the demoncrats.
what about das that selectively prosecute to skew stats? what about parents that use local political connections?
this list can go on and on. i'm just trying to find the line where this person can, after his mistake, be normal
where is obama ? oh ft a speech calling trump racist. obama is not a leader. he does not care about
don't use my posts to support ! i don't support that baboon.
dave's coming to long island tomorrow :)
we hanging at my house after the show
first time w/ aldrich's "hush...hush, sweet charlotte." what a fabulously twisted, les diaboliques-like film! why haven't i seen it before?!
that's a fun one.
i didn't say they were, i'm just going with my gut instinct. shooting in a classroom, my instinct tells me white teen.
ied's in garbage cans in 3 states, my instinct tells me islamic terror attack.
glad you are okay!! it sounds like it was a dumpster explosion?
same to you! yeah, that's what i'm seeing. looks like a bunch of injuries but no fatalities.
chelsea fam has checked in and is ok. used to spend a lot of time on that block. weird to say, but i hope it was just a gas leak.
they ruled out a gas leak per
what a mess this has turned into for the gators. del rio hurt, ivey ejected.
does he miss next game?
police are breaking crowds up, seems they're worried about "bait n blast."
this is banksters on their last legs terrorizing ny prob using agents that don't need to be identified cause public is down, cops
i dislike hearing about another terrorist attack from their "peaceful religion" every week.
you sound mad ignorant. please take a seat. radical muslims do not represent islam. please educate yourself.
t-pain's niece was stabbed and killed for "loving the wrong person" (family photo)
see u at black lives matter rally
only one savior
"and she will bring forth a son, and you shall call his name jesus, for he will save his people from their sins."
how do you deal with how twitter destroys posts sent from fb?
hi elizabeth! i post natively or from a publishing platform like .
hopefully the explosion in is merely a gas line explosion &amp; not an act of terrorism via an ied. many folks already blaming islam.
said gas has been ruled out. but i agree with you. let's not jump to conclusions.
i un-shared that earlier rt from nycityalerts. they're not an official source, and i don't trust how they're reporting it as an ied.
i will tell you officially that whatever happened, it was loud!
reported 'explosion' in ny at 8:30. at 9:10 trump tells co a "bomb" went off. source says trump was 'briefed' on plane. who briefed him? (1)
he's such an asshole
what?? do you know why and what happened?
jersey was a pipe bomb at the shore before a marine 5k race. it was delayed though so no one was hurt. nyc just happened.
you dodge questions too? classic liberals...
as i said i am well off,financially,have two children they make in 7 figures.so i have done well.
first seaside now nyc? what the fuck is going on?
according to the liberal media not terrorism so don't worry
is it a terror attack in manhattan?!
nah dont worry about it
a couple of police cars just flew by heading the wrong way down sixth.
explosion on 23rd and 6th
lucky for him i was a sooner before ;-)
lucky for him or lucky for you?????
true. the whole system is fucked up.
i just heard there was an explosion in manhattan and everyone is screaming isis. time to go to bed, before i go insane.
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
will you take the guns away from your secret service? will you have an nra open carry at your rallies? that will be great!
i question the amount of college tuition that i pay when i'm forced to write 4 page papers on dance videos..................................
write a page bout the bronx whine
police are breaking crowds up, seems they're worried about "bait n blast."
this is true mike
i know quite a few level headed conservatives. except it's the extremist you hear the most from.
oh i did too, until they jumped on trump and agreed with the wall idea
*orders bottle of shochu for the table*
follow up the second, aka "my brand!!"
someone i like!!! what a time
she was a , unfortunately
what?? do you know why and what happened?
dozens injured in nyc. explosions in dumpsters in chelsea.
secret's out. i'm in the band. nightly
yes!!! congrats brother!!
i appreciate all the praise, but i just happen to live in the neighborhood.
no praise dude..you just happened to be reporting it first!
2nd bomb going off in an american city today and is cracking jokes at the cdc. sums up his 8 years.
moron. unlike u and trump maybe he is waiting for facts insteading of hoping its the worse for political reasons.
yeaaaa bro it's time i stop sleeping on myself
that's u in ya avi ?
explosion happened on 's first full day as police commissioner.
welcome new commish
given blasio's hatred of trump, expect the chelsea terrorist attack to be covered up, called a "gas leak."
just ruled it out. so you're wrong so far.
just in time for ski season
be safe with that bro!
people will broadcast your failure but whisper your success. enemies of progress,....may god deliver them. amen!!!
true they are quick to point out your failures but ignore and proceed forward whatever makes you tick
my favorite movie is how to lose a girl in 30 days. oh wait. it's my life
girls... who needs 'em?!!
what a mess this has turned into for the gators. del rio hurt, ivey ejected.
ok only first half of next game
gus johnson's laugh is on par with . both are memorable. and both make me smile.
that's that alcoholic uncle at the family bbq laugh
no... i smell blown-up garbage.
i smell a adeplorable trump supporter!!!
very very thankful for this girl. don't know what i would do without her
even more for youthanks em i needed this
until dick skin gets caught on them
why'd you have to ruin it :(
finally a lie is a "lie" in headline. with only 51 days left to stop the liar.
clinton strategist mark penn questioned obama's "lack of american roots". clinton and co. are racist.
no one dept can do everything by themselves.we have to all work in partnership which is why cities direct grant $ to partner grps
best p3s are btw . successful stories in t/ mostly involve &amp;
show me pictures of bill murray right now
lost in translation or scrooged preferable
oh ffs, again, it doesn't matter because he won't win a state and possibly not even an electoral vote
anyone considering a protest vote, please visit (and consider this could be manipulated)
what is an ied? a pipe bomb? a more sophisticated device?
an ied is like a remote control bomb. they were used in iraq to blow up hummers.
mike w. barr is a master of zeitgeisty pun-based villains...
oh my god are we gonna talk about the force of july?! is it finally happening!?
her radio says "not my first baseball rodeo" but her hat says "i don't give a crap about those around me."
her bathroom break reveals a mildly better view.
im curious if anyone knows if hillary/donald are still close to any of their hs or college friends? any interviews out there ?
nope, trump's best friend roy cohn (who was best friends w joseph mccarthy) died of aids in '86.
jail time and/or fines is more appropriate for breaking someone's jaw (with it being on video too).
how much in fines would you value a year of career lost? also, do you understand how plea bargains work? he pled nolo
i'd say mid october prolly so there around mid november
lit! i'm coming for the infamous
alrighty!!!!
i actually sent you a cutthroat island last year but this may be an official release which i'll send to you now...
i rather my text not deliver than have it left on read
i mean atleast he saw the text smh, i'm blocked on erythangggg
trump also says here once again that afghanistan and other war torn countries are more dangerous than chicago:
he said afghanistan is more dangerous that chicago or chicago is more dangerous than afghanistan?
sam bradford expected to start for vikings on sunday night vs green bay, per . bradford took all reps w/ starting o this week.
it seems the packers can go ahead and rest their starters
me and you when we fight
after seeing the video i don't want to fight with u so sad love u too much xoac
i made it! audrey's not impressed, though. thinks i should've run faster
shes not the only one...
"in. the. years. ahead. libya"....
another example of incompetence
i dislike hearing about another terrorist attack from their "peaceful religion" every week.
you swear you're right, you aren't, you're basically calling all of them terrorists
look at your bio haha palestine and animal rights??? are you wetardewd
hahaha omg what an idiot. next he'll say he supports gays in gaza.
yeah. i'm not big on regional stereotypes in my cavs/warriors twitter warfare since they are so easily rebutted
i understand. i rarely partake because i'm not good at ironic distance i mostly rt
the bomb went off in an apt building near the best buy near usq was she near there
it was near the best buy on 23rd and 6th not usq
any reports on extent of injuries?
reports are the injuries are not life threatening, one pregnant woman taken to the hospital.
your blaming him for asking for a opt out when he took less money to stay here
he hasn't opted out yet but he should and the meets should pay him
no blown out windows? no reports from hospitals on these injuries? why bomb a dumpster in chelsea? no burn marks,fire on dumpster? seems odd
its early, they'll know more tomorrow... but will msm tell us...?
final: 4, 2!!! your new york mets are the 1986 national league east champions! walker the final out, to keith!
. probably one the last on-field celebrations ever in sports with fans busting loose.
shit i got like 250+ new (real) followers overnight who expect nothing but quality tweets. ...well, i hope they like gilmore girls.
i'm real. and you know what? tweet whatever you want. that unfollow button is just as easily tapped as the follow one.
my roommates surprised me with a dinner reservation at this italian restaurant called, marcello's. i came here for my 18th birthday
it was the first place i ate when i moved to s.f., aside from the dining center
whatever it is it's clearly at 1am lmao and by that time i will be long goneee
it's not at 1am. well we might be out till 1am. i think it's a jewish holiday that monday.
despite police presence, it is bedlam at shea stadium! thousands on the field as the fight their way to the clubhouse! what a scene!
i was on the field that night , it was great!!!!
i met up w/ a friend of my brother in law's at a kc locale. nyc one i went to half on a dare!
i used to work at 1700 bway. we went twice. 1st time fun. 2nd time "wait, why are we doing this?"
i assume they're doing it because they want to be informed. but honestly, every damn word he says is reported in the news.
rt'd, collected in the paper, quoted, and turned into memes. i don't have that kind of resilience. i'm plenty sick of it all.
that's a good philosophical question for the criminal justice system/punishment
right, so i just don't understand the 'institutional conspiracy' issue you have.
i kinda really hope apple keep shoehorning flagship parts into a 4" chassis? maybe add 3d touch now that it's not just an experiment?
same. heather has an se and it seems great.
someone realllly needs to make a dead simple, brainless, 1-tap way to grant this type of clearance in social media.
also, if they could do it about 6 or 7 years ago, that would be great.
r u all safe? heard there was an explosion in manhattan
thanks for thinking of us ... i'm fine
bo1 is so horrible now u can literally lose to anyone and its not even worth playing for $20
cheer up buddy
they don't want you to be happy.
don't talk about they.
informal survey: at least a half dozen friends hate the subway ads as much as i do. they're aimed at people who hate living in nyc
also hate the taskrabbit ads, for different reasons: pay someone a pittance to do your chores while you luxuriate!
reported 'explosion' in ny at 8:30. at 9:10 trump tells co a "bomb" went off. source says trump was 'briefed' on plane. who briefed him? (1)
he listens to himself so perhaps he briefed himself!
the play calling is mind-boggling.
i don't understand it either. it was time to abandon the run two series ago
. discusses her return to jazz &amp; the piano w/ read here:
fab! pls keep us in the loop - very hap 2 support .
you must be home?..
2 hours away.
seriously so sick of getting treated like i don't exist.
come hang with me....i love you long time
eating ice cream in union square: safe. but, it's a helicopter party over here.
you better have used my free ice cream card!
i dislike how by religion, women are to be objectified. not able to be differentiated from another.
you do realize at one point in time in the u.s. women were treated poorly as well, basically anyone who wasn't a white male.
no i don't think so.....isn't that only for targeting?
he misses first half for vawls i just read
yeah, i missed the game from my 2nd row seats. i should watch.
lol this is a screen shot. and even if it wasn't. how can u say brad kayaa struggled against app st
don't even bother
do you want to fight me??
final: mount 36 jmu 24. great match, very physical contest.
congrats from
why does everyone else take up so much time going thru trumps tweets and trying to make something relevant?
i didn't go thru them. there isn't anything relevant because he is so uninformed.
my favorite outsiders antagonists are these guys, right-wing white nationalist villains called the force of july:
they later fought the freedom fighters in the very weird &amp; also forgotten 2007 freedom fighters series
this is so weird
i hope tool used that in a music video, otherwise it's a real missed opportunity.
hoodie weather tonight.
not yet...but it's close.
i'm okay, just very shaken, very chaotic over here
very glad to hear!
watching itsjudyslife, drinking green juice, and folding laundry lmao
jb is such a personality
im selling a dc floor
girl we probably have the same section
when trump arrived - colorado springs, co
wtfu dnc it's over
30 mins til "blast of wind from howard stern's asshole" on cnn
lee king snatch going to call in
our episode of on is on now! tune in!
thank you for sharing your gift of song and fighting to keep your brand.
thanks for giving us a play by play
trust me this is not play by play. you should have seen my steelers tweets a few years ago
is that true?
yeah just confirmed, ivey misses first half of next game
thinking about all my pals in chelsea. be safe everybody.
local news channels are showing football. really?
and the app
couldn't get mine to update or recognize that i'm not in paris
"rambling" note expressing hatred for police found at scene of deadly shooting rampage, authorities say.
was murderer wearing socks with pigs in police uniforms ?
is this the first year they charged admission? the crowd looks sparse.
it's the first year i've brought a toddler. attendance was solid later in. good weather.
i can hear everyone at newark days from my bedroom including all the bands.....
now i wanna go watch the blues band preforming.... lol!
found a pair of dress pants for my interview that i loooooved. looked at the brand and was like... not today satan
evidently she did marry a jew.
i've heard that monroe had been promised a color film, but lemmon/curtis's makeup did not work in color, and she was angry.
weird since the misfits the next year is also in b&amp;w.
now an explosion on va!
wow!!! this is getting strange
for news about explosion in chelsea neighborhood of manhattan, follow my new york list
thanks, this was helpful underground on the subway.
looks like johnny unitas is about to intentionally ground this one into carl eller's nutsack.
colts fan since 1958 here - johnny u was a notorious nut smack assassin with the football.
he's a complete dumbass then...next man up
yeah stupid move
black condor is an underrated dc hottie
he's all broody and mysterious but in-tune with nature and shit and also super muscley
doubt it, even if, bill has raped 10s of g's, + is still "dicking bimbos" accrding to colin powell's personal emails
first off idiot. bill is not running hrc is, but you have already told me your a misogynist. second, i have seen papers
3) you still haven't demonstrated sufficient authority to decide what is and is not sin for the body of christ.
what about lk 12:33? we're always making decisions. i'm looking for biblical ways to make good ones.
reminder: donald trump is actively rooting for the explosion in nyc to turn out to be a terrorist attack. let that sick reality sink in.
he already knows it was you filthy hag, hes getting briefed right now.
he's got a tattoo of a slice of cake. he's my type of guy.
i'd take a bite of that cake
start of the restaurant scene. i'm ready for it.
mercy is stressed out by the first mrs. doubtfire to daniel switch in which he drinks 2 double scotches
i said killing the unborn. you didn't see how possible. so i said preventing.
abortion is what kills the unborn.
as was i. it was an amazing experience.
very cool man!!!
i swear i didn't give the middle finger to the camera
you should of twerked!!
or maybe everyone's confidence that it is a muslim is further proof of muslims propensity to blow people up.
but most murdered in the us are by christians - why aren't you saying that every time there's a shooting?
i said killing the unborn. you didn't see how possible. so i said preventing.
i don't know what "preventing the unborn" means.
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
.: imagine a two word response from "bring it"
it's homecoming. i thought this was an american thing
homecoming is, but maybe not with all the streamers
like this is where i'm from in the bay. fuck silicon valley
i recommend getting a house living in a field is no way to live could be freeing though
that's like near usq to me ok listen
ok but listen there r two diff best buys in two diff places
i'm going to cry. where the hell did this appreciation come from?!?!?! can't wait to see you soon!
whenever i think of someone who's living their dream i think of you. on the 5 driving home and beginning to realize my own
gotta think a pro terrorist outfit would have targeted a busier part of manhattan on saturday night
busier than chelsea? dunno, not too many dumpsters in times square
just in: the nypd is responding to an explosion at 23rd street and 6th avenue in new york city. the cause of the explosion is not yet known
where is don the con
"i'm going to close my campaign the way i began my career...focused on opportunities for children and fairness for families." -hillary
your career is 40y years of worthless promises &amp; lies
passed the area just a while ago &amp; heard the boom! god bless everyone.
may everyone stay safe around &amp; in the world.
my point is just that. the amount of things to overlook about trump to be neverhillary amount to, at least, accepting of bigotry.
that which rashi writes in balak brings to mind trump.
it wasn't a punch however
agreed, refs have been horrible all game!
for putting our country in grave danger
good going now lets see, who is unqualified to be president?
we're all safe - we quickly vacated to a local bar.
thank heavens
trump has started over 400 businesses. 95% success rate. cuban made one lucky deal to scam yahoo during dot-com bubble
nonsense. trump simply sells his name and collects a check.
double breasted
wait, is the manga title?
tortured pops on every once in a blue moon but i haven't seen susu in forever
it's a dummy everyone knows this!
auburn's qb legit looks like he couldn't make weight for under 13 pee-wee football
last chance u qb
trump told colorado audience that terrorist hijackers were about to crash airliner into the moon. please disregard.
in fact, latest on chelsea explosion: new york fire dept confirms 26 injured in massive explosion in downtown manhattan, no fatalities.
and your basic special team play.
basic big 12 crew in the booth but it don't matter!
a safe space for poorly educated bigots that make me ashamed to be american
this vid hilarious
but it also depend on cities.they have direct control of their prgms&amp;what they can fund.they can be innovative,some choose not to
normally fails pop. to improve this we must look outside t/ for models. govt &amp; companies recruit out of t/ .
oh, wow. i came cross to people who have just learned about -x and -n of the go tools. did we stop writing about the fundamentals too early?
we need to talk to someone about why typing "man go" in a search bar returns pictures of fruit and not
i hope we get some respect finally...
forever the underdog - embrace it
chris you from nj or pa?
philly, pa. i'm visiting an amusement park in nj for the day
i've been rewatching two guys, a girl, and a pizza place and you can see how/why reynolds broke out.
i remember thinking that back in the day -- that reynolds was the breakout. surprised it took him so long.
are you safe? explosion in chelsea
yes thank you so much. we are in financial district. so scary and sad
and their guy is now a backup.
however long term that l thursday might allow the bills to be closer to a super bowl ...many years from now
i've been preparing 30 years for that one. black and yellow silk sheets, orchids &amp; beer...
i heard it wasn't terrorism in nyc it was hillary having a coughing fit..
familia wears down mauer to get us to the 9th. let's go win a ball game!
wicked!
you can fight with your former doorman () over the title of king. i much prefer my place as god.
"humor distorts nothing, and only false gods are laughed off their earthly pedestals." - agnes repplier
i write a news story bout , &amp; some trump fans start harassing my children online. some of those ppl truly are .
facts matter because one can only lie so long...sending blessings to you and your family. .
nypd, &amp; other emergency units on the seen of w23st (6 to 7 aves). several people injured. more information to follow.
stay safe everyone
i fixed up some lighting stuff i wasn't happy with. *now* the baseball kranken is done
solid! it works because aside from it being the one and only crank, it can also rile up john "3 kids beat me up" aravosis.
jfk airport shooter confirmed as local nyc kkk leader, sam hyde "the only way you're leaving is in a body bag"
he looks like a sissy boy. is he part of the new amerikkka?
. humans didn't come from monkeys. we are distant cousins. more closely related to chimps and bonobos. look up 'ecological niches'
monkeys evolve into humans.
filet mignon chopped cheeses
slight pan seared oddles and noodles with henny broth
a lot of blind people live in . if you're in the area, please keep an eye out for people with white canes.
why are all local news channels showing football and not covering this?
it's 1:15 a.m. in nyc and trump is trolling the media. tell me again how he is not the most amazing candidate ever.
gotta love that man!
watch, i just broke a syrian cease-fire, killed 62 syrian soldiers, and the u.s. media are going to blame putin.
well it's not like he bombed a doctors without borders hospital = noble body piece prize
chris thoughts on chris christie?
i actually liked him at first. he was able to bring the far left and right to a middle
i swear you have the greatest soundtrack collection on earth.
exactly what i think of when people say stuff like that
bomb explosion on 23rd and 7th. 25+ injured
thats promising im on my way in. r u okay?
i have no idea what u r talkin 'bout but i like your attitude!
haha it's comes natural
so like where my glo up at
already have it
. humans didn't come from monkeys. we are distant cousins. more closely related to chimps and bonobos. look up 'ecological niches'
humans are more closely related to monkeys, since humans evolved from monkeys.
alrighty, 20 min left on my birthday and i really wanna thank all of you for the friendly messages and b-day wishes. you folks are the best.
happy birthday
... ... seriously? ... are you serious? ... holy shit you're serious.
i'd never joke about something like this
new york, new jersey and now virginia. wth is going on?
muzzies on the march dahling
work nine hours today= shots to the face
i worked 11 and have to go to bed so i can do it all over again tomorrow
oh wow i hope no one gets really hurt
so far, the injuries in nyc are minor. just hope there's not more coming.
looks like the guy was falling down before he hit del rio, losing his balance
its tough to tell but looks like he dives in there... again tough to tell
wow. nixon dropped the ball before crossing the goal line. can't believe they didn't stop it. look at it in slow mo.
aren't they supposed to review all scoring plays?
a real haunted house this halloween ?
u thought i wasnt pussy lol
i write a news story bout , &amp; some trump fans start harassing my children online. some of those ppl truly are .
are so . are . they can't themselves.
. you're nowhere near chelsea tonight, right?
nope, i am good, thanks. just caught up in delays, is all.
yeah at mega con 13 we roomed together and u brought a panini press or something and made us all sammiches
that was not me holy shit
you just made a tweet, changed accounts, and replied to your own tweet
that's not me lol.
were you guys not to the one?
just saying if we ever get in that point again we will punch it in. redlands lb was an animal last night tho esp. on goal line
the gross generalization fits in this circumstance.
it absolutely does not. your response is asinine and tone deaf.
we need ideas, not insults. plans, not paranoia. we can't let 's legacy fall into the hands of someone who doesn't understand that.
yes, like you.
chris thoughts on chris christie?
but unfortunately i think he got drunk on the power and popularity he once had
it was my first reply to your second comment to me. you don't even read the tweets you respond to. no wonder you're ignorant.
not ignorant, just vigilant about bandwagon "journalism". but you're right, i missed that tweet and i apologize for carrying on.
possible pipe bomb explosion in nyc; many saying islamic terrorism but pipe bombs not usually jihadist mo
what is their mo?
my dream is bittersweet orchards managed traditional w/ ruminants become common place in ny. a barrel in every barn. it's a simple dream.
i have a barn.
remembering the season 17 finale like...
this one had me cry a little after i was on tenterhooks then eleventerhooks.
and when he's right then what?
if he's right we'll deal w/ it but no need 2 cause panic. i believe the focus has to be on the injured &amp; finding the truth.
yes mam amazing actor. .thank you for the tea..hvagr8nite ji
thank you hage later gn i am going to retire for the day gm hagdall hugs
thankfully, the ones i know let that train pass.
haha! i'm gonna say goodnight. i'm about to doze off in my screen
i love the "hi i'm new here"!
so funny!!!
don't think the players be looking in the stands like that but okay lol
if you front row ! plus you got famous people there too.
mercy is stressed out by the first mrs. doubtfire to daniel switch in which he drinks 2 double scotches
onto the 2nd mrs. doubtfire to daniel switch. the tension is killing me.
we're safe. and hoping more are, as well...
local news channels are showing football and not covering this story. disappointed!
obama &amp; hillary failed their most important duty. the safety and security of us citizens
ur a goddammmn moron. no disrespect.
if it's not helping, folks in that city need to challenge their civic leaders,put pressure on them to create better biz resources
we need 2 disrupt our model &amp; start investing back into our &amp; . is out of sink.
ew. no way.
science lesson was on point or nah ?
i still talk about the scene where vic tells forrest whittaker about his wife. great acting on forrest's part.
not....there...yet.
3v3 snd 1nd xb1 bo3 12:00 est free entry must follow me to join @ me gts rt 4 in .. prize (pinned tweet)
need two for 3v3 dm asap
why didn't you speak out after paris? do you support radical islamic terrorism?
because more people die in the us of shooting than terrorism, including paris. bigger fish.
my dad was an orphan in bolivia. a family that would feed/clothe him had a baby girl named priscilla
that left me speechless, that's so deep lol.
meant to tweet this earlier but we finally got a chance to film our tribute love you christina
she would've loved this.
the offense has been fucking us up all game and not giving our defense any time to rest
yea but they've been rough too, too many missed chances/ tackles, were getting lit up!!
trump in colorado, telling crowd that a bomb just went off in ny. then says he's up 4 points in new poll.
just a wee bit different than the video in your last tweet.
breaking: obama administration official expresses us regret for 'unintentional loss of life' after airstrike on syrian forces.
we expect massive peace protests ?
. cast a good actor who has a disability for a role written as abled.
i was excited when dinklage played trask.
wow. are you close?
seaside is about 40 minutes from me. little too close to home. and nyc is about an hour north.
thanks god. finally a crazy black woman witness. foxnews.
great product placement.
glad to hear that!
you saved me 45 minutes in transit so thank you.
"nypd explosion was in dumpster. bomb squad sweeping front of building." nypd scanner.
third explosion today.
release jacob turner, james shields, j.b. shuck, @ get free agents catchers jonathan lucroy &amp; matt wieters, aslo get -
sign starting pitcher doug fister, aroldis chapman, justin morneau, carlos gomez or austin jackson
she's moved way to the left. thanks to bernie. look at her platform and policies.
i think the policies bernie had were noble but they didn't make economic sense
i'm a lumberjack and i'm okay, i sleep all night and i work all day
never truly occurred to be how lazy the "and i'm okay" lyric was but i'm okay with it
if you love listening to books like i do, be warned: their app is broken under ios 10. crashes on launch.
it's working just fine for me here. iphone 6s upgraded to ios 10.0.1.
i won't be there very fast... are you going....
im in line already i want to give hot boys tips
man its brisk tonight
perfect weather
univision, largest spanish-language network, lies to the public to guarantee hrc the latino vote
: he is just another lyin' piece of hillary working for the crooked clintons. they are excrement maganets.
reminder: donald trump is actively rooting for the explosion in nyc to turn out to be a terrorist attack. let that sick reality sink in.
someone took his phone away. no tweet from him yet telling us "told you so"
im glad u r safe and i always pray for u.. love u
i'm safe! didn't even know anything had happened until you all called
everyone's freaking out except people in nyc
at this point we are like "yo lets figure this shit out and go back to getting ill".
where are u guys? are u guys okay?!
hey babe yes we are okay! but thanks for asking !!
what no...it totally wa s?.....or where u just there as well.....quesinmark exclaimtion point
i dont know mega 13 was a hellscape for me and i wanted to so who knows
you're talking about ... the 'f-holes?' no really that's what they're called %-p
the f-holes are fine; the b-holes not so much.
she's moved way to the left. thanks to bernie. look at her platform and policies.
this is still a moderate county with micro areas of liberal and conservative
that was supposed to make it better.
oh, he was doing "the standard retard"? well i guess he's a decent human being after all!
thanks god. finally a crazy black woman witness. foxnews.
"i just want th' gold!!"
where do i belong if i hate 80 degree weather and can't wait for everyone to go inside and for the earth to grow dark and cold
san francisco
hope you're not near the shit going down in nyc, stay safe!
yes i am fine! idk what's happening though lol
hey! go back to panicking in your streets and let us talk about the girls we miss
the only thing that panics me is the sight of your sweaty balls and herp runnin outta hotdogs!
there was an explosion in manhattan literally 10 minutes from where i live! hope everyone is okay i really don't feel safe anymore..
you live in harlem right?
good. till i just now heard of the that happened in sis s.
boom!! cutthroat island and the rocketeer has been sent!
breaking massive explosion in in ! happening now...
i was very close to it and it was not massive.
not even a breaking news scroll on nbc, abc, cbs, or fox. even wlny: "at least 26 injured. more at 11. stay turned for sports!"
i shouldn't have to read about trump talking about an explosion before reading or hearing actual facts about an explosion.
hello, i am a reporter with . is this your video? is it possible for us to use it with credit for our reporting online/onair
yes, my video, you can use with credit to (and/or ) thank you
glad to hear that!
(says the person who walked from manhattan to jfk today for no reason)
is that good
cannot confirm
really, he's lost it. he's just tearing into anyone who opposes him. just incredible what is happening here.
media needs to call him out on this. it needs to be pointed out this is how he will run his presidency
cock of the air tho
i am currently torn about this. i wish i could do the 2pm cock and the 4:15 chan, but life is intervening ...
reported 'explosion' in ny at 8:30. at 9:10 trump tells co a "bomb" went off. source says trump was 'briefed' on plane. who briefed him? (1)
i don't know maybe the former mayor of ny rudy giuliani? i think they are close, not sure.
well i put in contacts so i think that made it easier but just pull high n it shouldn't be bad lol
yea i wear contacts too.
i hate lbs! (ex ol!!)
not a fan of them especially ones like from redlands that was allllllll over the field last night.
take pictures... please....
he was a cute one and a nice ass
massive explosion in my neighborhood. chelsea nyc.we are fine.hoping all are safe and the 25 injured are minor as reported. .
i'm glad you're ok. chelsea is 5 min. from the village. if you want to hang out to catch up about the funny past we both had ok
jesus these prices for food at this bar are highway robbery
clearly, you forget how things work around here. :p
i was so big on that!!!!! well. i love you and it's never too late for whatever it is. our dreams change and that's okay.
they sure do. can't wait to see you soon
monty python were the original millennials
millennials are ruining monty python
donald trump says 'bomb' went off in new york amid reports of possible explosion:
delete this islamophobia.
please ignore fab
ah thank you guys for saving my penis...when are we gettin drinks
"man made monster" back when we used to manufacture in the usa.
make america a great monster again
you visit blues more than even twitter no dj fix da life deh
lmao fuck off ute, u can study me
more name calling. thanks.
you're absolutely wrong. hillary did sell putin uranium thru her foundation. that hasnt been debuned:
she's moved way to the left. thanks to bernie. look at her platform and policies.
hrc is still going to deal with a mod country so her policies will be scaled back
i'm fostering paisley for two weeks until she's big enough to be tested for feline hiv and leukemia. right now, she only weighs 13 ounces.
aw! we just handed back our fosterkittens to the shelter - it's heartbreaking, but then there's new ones!
that's a wrapppppppppp
werdum would be proud.
: sanders says trump's campaign is "about bigotry." he's right. via
no place for in these united states
it's actually confirmed.
i still hadn't seen any confirmation when i posted that. where was it confirmed? still going through a lot of info to find it.
no, an alt-right blogger tweets nydy source confirms. officials haven't confirmed anything yet.
thank you' o blocked alaskan. i have zero time for fringe elements and i am concerned about their rise.
&lt;hugs&gt; probably for the best this evening. were you close?
nope. i'm at my apartment in the upper east side thankfully.
i live for your insta stories do you have a public snapchat?
i don't post anything public to my snapchat. sorry
hillary fraud double, triple and continuous charging to campaign. won't answer calls.
one thing i never do or will never do = is make a campaign contribution,
congrats !! i should have been the first call !!
i thought my dad called you already ! thanks coach !!
it was loud and we heard the explosion but it's a block and a half east. we're fine. there are emergency personnel at 23rd and 7th.
we just heard the news and thought of you and james. glad you two are okay.
pabst blue ribbon, because it is a rock show &amp; i am on a budget.
hey, whatever is the cheapest. i paid 9 bucks for one at john carpenter, i almost cried paying 9 bucks for a beer
. apricots!
omg! yes you are very talented ! i agree with i could use you for christmas or for my bday next year!
so your support of radical islamic terrorism is due to numbers. got it.
so your support for radical christian murder is due to?
stop us if you've heard this one before: lamar jackson: touchdown.
bad day for florida state
&amp; i tried to back pedal bc i was like, omg what did i do, im the 1 who cries! anyway i'm 25 &amp; wearing uneven pigtails, sorry mom
this is a short story
very good my dear, and we all will tweet so much that reliance will have to rethink soon.
i will instruct all my friends and relatives not to buy gio sim card.i am won'teith
that your destination is zabar's
haha staying at a friend's near my apartment and it was an easy landmark. just had eataly so not hungry at all!
so does it mean he knows something nypd doesn't ????
who says nypd doesn't? you do know they have info before it's released to public right?
i thought maximo blanco was doing beautiful
he's a champ in the making, just needs to get to glendale and sort out a few bad habits
onto the 2nd mrs. doubtfire to daniel switch. the tension is killing me.
daniel is now pouring pepper into pierce brosnan's jambalaya even though he knows he's allergic.
the room w like 9 ppl and u and ike slept under the sink and andy and jade harley where there
ok yeah that was me but i dont remember making sammies...ill take ur word for it
i now of nyc and atlantic city. what's third?
charlottesville, va. downtown mall.
i set out on the second day a little earlier because i was feeling ambitious. instead of...
i'm envious of whatever you're doing. looks great.
&gt;usletinradislamist2killuss
obama announced he's letting in another 100,000
fox news covering explosion from initial blast. cnn has not yet broken away from obama speech to even report it.
because no one died! and they don't know the reason yet. there are more important things than spreading fear.
more name calling. thanks.
you're absolutely wrong. hillary did sell putin uranium thru her foundation. that hasnt been debunked:
yes maa'm, he was really great actor, one of my favorite also
chinmoy when r u going 2 delhi to recieve the award ...
i'm actually siding w/ s &amp;m on this 1. m shouldn't have apologized to either of them. and t's words to m!! not ok.
not me. i have no use for that kind of coldness. they're no better than vicky.
that purplish orange though...
i now know where tycho got his cover idea
5 hours. 28 overdoses. 2 deaths. the day "all hell broke loose" in one west virginia town
0bama administration released non violent drug dealers back to streets
good hacker news comment on microservices
i gave a talk on just that topic: with kafka shoutout too
also in new jersey and maryland
what happened in maryland????
who wants to leave japan!?
i'm not understanding. are you out of the tournament or did you have to go back because of something?
so is hillary, she sold 1/5 th of us uranium for donations to clinton foundation + ran pay for play for us govt. positions
if u would bother doing research 9 committees had to approve this before it was sold. so no pay to play. look into trump pay to play
on a side note, i like "ghost world" too.
i was obsessed with the movie as a young teen. i thought the movie was so edgy. i was a dumb teen
whatcha' watching tonight, streamers?
live coverage of the terrorism in nyc.
looks like johnny unitas is about to intentionally ground this one into carl eller's nutsack.
colts fan since 1958 here: johnny u was a notorious nut sack assassin with the football.
if it's not helping, folks in that city need to challenge their civic leaders,put pressure on them to create better biz resources
divestment in nation building ( , etc.), local living economies, has lead 2 crisis.
okay look up every years statistics from 1980 and you will see the magnitude of black on black crime, all provided by the fbi.
no, fuck you and your black on black crime b.s. there's always a generalization for minorities and never for the majority.
"andrew and the rowdy subs"
lissa that made me tear up a little...
super grateful for friends &amp; loved ones that dismiss or otherwise refuse to support my art, i said, oozing with sarcasm.
cos let's be real: if i fucking did what i do w/ a guitar or on a major cable network, i'd maybe be taken seriously by friends/loved ones.
this 100% also, how about that type system, eh?
it's weird... but interesting.
you are actually looking to see who favorites his tweets? who is the loser?
yo shut the fuck up, piece of shit
a large chuck of the hashtag has been taken over by, you guessed it - racists.
not racist, just kinda interested in living.
you can dislike dowd, cnn or gates and still acknowledge this is insane behavior for a person running for president.
an insult comic playing to the dispossessed, v an entitled crook hiding from the voters she wants to lead.
first time returning to manhattan since i left in june. picked a fun night to stay a few blocks away from .
some people blaming media for making sound like bigger deal than has been proven. sirens &amp; 'copters aren't helping.
simple and clean! the color scheme is a++ too :)
i love clean designs. especially when it's intricate but still keeps it clean. i strive for that
i go to pizza hut a whole bunch and i dont get a discount
you gotta come when i'm working
these are trump's people... spitting on each other at a rally
perfect place for a picnic
and i have both been home most of the day but we've only communicated through texting because we're both lazy af
we should develop a code to knock on our shared wall...although that would require getting out of bed...
daniel is now pouring pepper into pierce brosnan's jambalaya even though he knows he's allergic.
daniel is back at the other table, but dressed as mrs. doubtfire and still drinking. she's rapping.
death by happy hour
one shall never learn from hh mistakes
that moment when you realize you plugged your phone in to charge last night, but didn't plug the charger into the outlet.
did that with my apple watch last night
i made out w the most beautiful girl today at the club bruh wtf that was so nice
you sure she was a girl?
the easiest way to switch to is by calling 866-874-0581. ^sl
i'm sorry, i called that number but gave up trying to understand the salesperson after 5 minutes.
in honor of my jewish birthday (15 elul) i would like to give a bracha (blessing) to all...
happy birthday dear cousin.
shit call you a trampoline, jumping to conclusions
what conclusions am i jumping to exactly????
san francisco is finally getting more housing, except it's $20 million condos with helipads and a full-time staff
if those condos aren't built, where will the prospective buyers go, do you think? serious question
so is hillary, she sold 1/5 th of us uranium for donations to clinton foundation + ran pay for play for us govt. positions
trump has scammed so many workers and others. try looking at something besides breibart or watching fox
i'm not calling my poop beauty
i wish you years of rough toilet paper
oh my god i just finished stranger things &amp; i need to re watch it asap but this time in the dark
i can't start it because there not enough episodes to binge watch
what type of bullets is this mans weapon equipped with
i've been saying this game is dogshit
daniel is back at the other table, but dressed as mrs. doubtfire and still drinking. she's rapping.
oh, shit. pierce is choking!
on my way to see beyonce in concert at levi's stadium! yaaaaaasss!
enjoy ! glad you were able to be in the bay to see
i finally watched episode one of stranger things. whoa.
and now you're gonna binge the rest
live on : fog city
what do we have to do to get those hummingbirds to visit us?!
and i feel like he was just breaking down, a week later, he seems fine wtf
i think he's just trying to cope the best he can.
lost me at the warm beer
the warm beer is what gave way to that glossed over look he's had on his face since pregame.
trump's behavior similar to male chimpanzee, says jane goodall - huffington post. he's like s. ballmer that way.
steve ballmer was more like a male silverback gorilla. same principle. i hate making jokes about him because the kids don't get them.
the only movie i can never finish because it scares me to the max
lmfaoooo i'm cryinnn wasn't scary at all
it was my first reply to your second comment to me. you don't even read the tweets you respond to. no wonder you're ignorant.
so first you made the comment then later provided the source. surely you can see how that could sow concern over your veracity.
all the more reason to have him as your president. if not you can expect lots more of this.
like he has the power to do anything? you sound so stupid. you can't stop fanatics or insane people. get real.
i hate living in the central time zone being from cali doesn't play until 915p. will be asleep by half time
try east coast time zone now
what if i miss them shad this is torture
get in there and then you can walk up and shove tips in their pants
i know i will recognize you by your 3 piece suit you are always the snazziest best dressor
i know right? tux is at the dry cleaners tonight though.
yup. you haven't heard that before?
no, just came out of the convent!! lolllooooll
people are halfway done with their test and you just finished writing your last name
thats actually me
someone swooped my phone
did it have a pineapple case ?
you know hillary is losing when obama gotta break out his negro preacher voice to get folks amped up enough to go vote for her.
then why dont we just say fuck it &amp; put this dude in scotus and have another 50yrs of right-wing court
you're a millionaire. you can do what you like. i still have to work x. i'm fine with you being in business class tho.
i'm just a poor retarded college drop out livin my dreams....loool
going to take group pics for mir to fap too
dicks out for mirambe
this seems excessive.
is this why you haven't marked yourself safe yet?
neither cnn nor msnbc even have reporting of nyc explosion, none-the-less live coverage. someone give me a periscope?
live coverage on
wtf was that but pure effing awesomeness. that was one of the most awesome early finishes i've ever seen.
super bad ass the whole 19 seconds
want to just move to the west coast j?
absolutely not! i will live and die in my city best place to be
second bomb explosion on american soil today! first in &amp; now in ! obama campaigning, not working!!
hay asshole stop saying its a bomb and let law enforcement officials perform the official investigation
omg these birthday flowers from my leah remini!!!
wishing you the happiest of birthdays &amp; many more
what i'd going on?!
i guess a bomb went off and they found another one. check trending page
so is hillary, she sold 1/5 th of us uranium for donations to clinton foundation + ran pay for play for us govt. positions
there is no pay to play&gt;&lt; yet trump paid bondi of fl $25,000 as a bribe so she wouldn't take him to trial. your smarter than this
longer, technically! xd i came out publicly in january, but i'd been in the process of transitioning since last july. :)
did you "well, actually" me? xd congrats bro, here's to discovery and love, ha ha and all the everything ahead!
no worries. apologies for the vitriol in some of my replies. someone questioning your ethics is a big deal in my line of work
it's my fault. i need to follow threads more closely.
no, an alt-right blogger tweets nydy source confirms. officials haven't confirmed anything yet.
thank you. i blocked alaskan. i have zero time for fringe elements and i am concerned about their rise.
trump: "we had a clown today, an absolute clown, robert gates...he's a nasty guy, probably has a problem we don't know about"
i don't recall in history anyone running for office/in office so immature and stupid. this election is about country not party
kos almost anyone can get lucky and land a shot. the other involves set ups, all the way thru. rookies can get lucky
is that why you wouldn't engage caraway?
that def needs to be addressed tonight.
this is almost every weekend after every festival.
indeed she was...she was fasting and it was a vegetarian burrito
she also went to home depot
cos let's be real: if i fucking did what i do w/ a guitar or on a major cable network, i'd maybe be taken seriously by friends/loved ones.
i don't write for the praise, but i really don't like it when my art is belittled or not taken seriously by anyone close to me.
is your support of radical islamic terrorism (which happens often) due to your own beliefs?
can you name one time i've supported radical or any kind of terrorism?
what again do you want? statistics from a year that didn't end yet? they wouldn't be complete yet silly.
lmao i'm going to stop arguing with you because why argue with points that extremely close minded and invalid.
all ny friends are okay right? just heard about the explosion...
we good. it's pretty far from where we are
in a few days i'll have james horner final score for the magnificent seven..i've already heard clips and it sounds outstanding
i've seen clips of the movie &amp; it looks epic sis s.
yes there are you can bunge watch it in a whole day.
i don't like binge watching shows that haven't ended
: ms/mr 5-followers, u do yr own research &amp; save yr silly insults for someone who cares.
my dear americans i have full freedom to vote for hillary,trump is a biggest crook,i am businessmn
i'm in chelsea and nobody in new york is panicking. nor should you, wherever you are.
we are concerned not panicking.
so many basics in a fur stole and feather headband at this party, people plz.
not much better up here fyi
touchdown st. brown!!!
thank god. i needed something to cheer for other than a good punt
but do you have well drained fields with a interesting terrior?
how dare u ask about my terrior! ;) i have no idea what that is!
"where is he that is born king of the jews? for we have seen his star in the east, and are come to worship him."matthew 2:2
but u, bethlehem, in the land of judah, r not the least among the rulers of judah; 4 out of u shall come a ruler who will...
what again do you want? statistics from a year that didn't end yet? they wouldn't be complete yet silly.
enjoy being ignorant for the rest of your life
can everyone please shut the fuck up about herb being the best referee in mma?
i'm a big fan of leon roberts
very vicious
bless up
...his legacy? they can vote for whoever they want. this reeks of narcissism.
nope. it's a call to action.
didn't hear about that one
i'll try to rt it.
if it's not helping, folks in that city need to challenge their civic leaders,put pressure on them to create better biz resources
is a serious threat to our . t/ is at greater risk than other 1st world nations.
*flame emojis*
that team started 3-2 so ...
awwwww!! look at my beautiful big me guys!!! her makeup game has gone such a long way
all thanks to you!!! i love you
actually, he's one of the good guys. scumbag in private life, good guy on policy. see: jfk, clinton, et al.
wait, you two know each other???
is he 4 real? if he doesn't like the title he shouldn't have agreed to be djt's running mate.
he doesn't get to rename the title!!!he needs to check his funk &amp; wagnall's - "vice" has more than one meaning.
i've seen clips of the movie &amp; it looks epic sis s.
i only heard 2 clips from 2 tracks from the score and got teary eyed because james horner will ride off in the sunset
happy birthday gf i hope to one day be as half as crazy as u! love yaaa
awww thanks luv love ya !!
ugh plus vic is better eye candy what a beautiful human being.
he sure is.
"dad!!! knock it off! that's bruce jenner!
i love this! i laughed so hard that i almost peed my pants.
fellow millennials, i urge you to vote for trump. a hillary's presidency would be a complete disaster. we are against open borders.
you must be out your rabbit ass mind smh
carter, this is why you won the award for "only new cavs follow this summer". congrats
come for the mediocre jokes, stay for the, well i can't imagine why anyone stays
for her and what that means to me our kids &amp;her is beyond words so thank you! we all love and appreciate you!
- i appreciate both of you!
so proud of these team members! @
sending all my love!!
that indian song that she dances along too is wonderful. on the dvd, you can watch just that song. i do. it makes me happy.
i don't know why it's not on a deluxe bluray yet. it needs to be. i think i still have my vhs
as president, i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you, the american people!
this guy's using the trump post to file a comcast complaint rofl
so baby pull me closer in the backseat of your boulder
it's not a boulder its a rock!!
seaside park nj hit earlier today by pipe bomb now area of manhattan 25 hurt by another bomb tonight! join
synchronized terrorism
i don't write for the praise, but i really don't like it when my art is belittled or not taken seriously by anyone close to me.
whatever. rant over. i just keep this in mind for when someone wants a story from me. go entertain yourself, you self-indulgent, boring twat
"i have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. i don't want donald trump to be their president." -bernie sanders
fuck bernie sold out no value
we're feeling the bern for hrc
foolish youngsters
is it tuff im getting it tuesday
yeah it cool
"it's incredibly humbling to be in the company of these real &amp; true heroes" -
using american veterans as props for a photo op. sad.
son &amp; friend (age 12) have asked to watch the original halloween. here we go.
i wish i was there!
we're fighting a group of vegepygmies. time to make some salad.
legend of bunicula?
this is what my 9th grade looks like
my first concert was aar
someone realllly needs to make a dead simple, brainless, 1-tap way to grant this type of clearance in social media.
basically like creative commons for non-geeks, e.g.: "commercial use ok?" 1. yes w attribution 2. yes if anon 3. no
best place for dinner in san francisco?
... what should conner eat
they were driving recklessly! i was crossing the street (had the right of way) &amp; they were trying to run a red light
literally two more steps and they would've hit me
seriously, it should show up in your notifications
agreed. my guess is that they decided against turning it on after more details emerged. disagree with that tho :/
in today's paper... my friend was sent home from work for wearing a jersey. and he broke no rules!
we could fly confederate flags but can't wear a nfl jersey.
my first concert was aar
i was 12 or 13
i will go on 23rd september
great safe travels luv going to sleep now 10.20p.m
chelsea, manhattan: explosion causing injuries |..reported by locals &amp; . link in replies
link source for tw:
my neighbors gave us a bottle of giants logo champagne but i'm drinking it out of an a's glass to counteract the san francisconess.
i wish i could like this twice
if i go to my cousins in li or nj for a family dinner when i come home i'm stuck looking for parking
1/ i hear u. today we used our car to visit in-laws in w'chester (altho kids actually prefer &amp; req metro-north)
fake urbanism, atlantic city
that's awful!
95% of which is straight bullshit.
they all say the same thing though like "hmmm coordinated" its very creepy. my trust with them is all-time low.
why do i always care about the people who don't even think twice about me lol
i love you text me if you need anything
my main man will sign me off for tonight that's amore
perfection. have a fabulous evening. sweet dreams
he got the tickets for free and is there with friends. apparently.
hey, anyone can enjoy the glory of blink-182
a bomb exploded in a dumpster and 25 people are injured. also another in new jersey this morning
hope everyones ok stay safe
lacking sanity &amp; thesaurus. the 258 people, places and things donald trump has insulted on twitter: a complete list
bet that hillary and trump will be very popular halloween costumes!
unbelievable dumb and big mistake but he didn't swing or punch
they can review it luckily
i can't make that one, unfortunately. hope you can though.
then what good are you?
the harvest lunar eclipse in pisces, navigating the shadowy fringes of reality, contacting the numinous: the ...
what did find from chrion and neptune during this eclipse?
surprised they got beat deep like that a few times. did they not realize nd would go for it all at this point in the game?
finally picking our weak link - harris is terrible. not creativity in the front 7 either.
must practice the resting bitch face...may or may not work in making myself less approachable.
bitch u about to be lit, u about to be smiling af for no reason lmao
they all say the same thing though like "hmmm coordinated" its very creepy. my trust with them is all-time low.
i hate that these assholes are making me paranoid about our country.
but you must watch it omg pls f
don't worry i will
if incomes are up and poverty is down, why is donald trump's message of economic decay resonating so broadly?
u think that all is well because president kenya says it is? pathetic democrats.
unbelievable dumb and big mistake but he didn't swing or punch
could be reversed
somehow all my rompers are shrunk &amp; i go to show daniel one that doesn't fit my ass &amp; he smiles..i'm starting to think he did it on purpose
i would quote something from last night but it wouldn't be twitter appropriate
yeah, because an hour of meaningless speculation is oh so helpful...
it wasn't speculative to say a blast i could feel from my apartment happened. there were facts, cnn was busy, it seems.
trump projecting again. we all know who the real clown is here and it's trump.
this man is horrible and cannot win.
clemson. we have the greatest entrance.
that 12hr drive though is a killer.
are those white things human bodies,can you see?
seriously??? how insensitive and disrespectful.
ignoring she's funded by terrorism....
: hillary will sleep with anybody that has money in their underware. including any of america's enemies. anythkng for power.
i truly cannot believe my viz i created last oct has almost 100k views...one hundred thousand. (1/2)
well, when you build something amazing....!
my impression of at
you call that a cake?!? rotflolastc!
no new episode on itunes?
..should be tomorrow or monday
have you seen the movie 13 hours?
not yet. it might get me even more fired up.
a blu-ray would be cool. that dvd is worth owning for the special features. there's a commentary track that's cool on it.
i never really dive into commentary tracks, but for that one i might have to
everything he's done, hillary's done 2x/3x times worse
no she hasn't. try getting the facts. hillary has never done anything illegal trump has. your are too gullible. he will destroy usa
identity confirmed as alt-right pepe supporter samuel hyde.
": identity confirmed as alt-right pepe supporter samuel hyde. just mentally disturbed
second bomb explosion on american soil today! first in &amp; now in ! obama campaigning, not working!!
stop town crying and let nypd and home land security preform the investigation don't cause panic
if there is an explosion in nyc this weekend it's because fucking shawn mendes is playing sold out msg xo
this is actually scary
pet peeve: larger breweries who choose not to put bottled-on dates on bottles. i don't care if it's old just tell me when it was packaged.
no kidding. no excuses.
florida up 25-0 in 4th quarter after mark thompson td run.
love the rb play through 3 games
interesting choice of words in the wake of dad's assassination-attempt imagery last night.
if anything happens to hrctrump jr better watch his back because a lot will blame him and dt for their hateful comments
i hope everyone's okay?
yeah, was nearby when it happened. area cleared by cops now.
this also useful. this is not a location that has any obvious strategic/symbolic significance.
and there are plenty of better targets within a short walk; subway, high line, 10th pct etc.
donald trump is a liar.
i guess is a liar and deplorable. check out hillary and the kkk,4 men dead on rooftop you assholes....
sigh. time for our tic-tac and blanco to go back to to find their forever home.
ok one last one of tic-tac. such a pretty beast. and now i'm going to pack for !
outback is disgusting
please get tf off my timeline with your bullshit
this was literally a couple buildings away from my dads office
god i am so nervous and anxious
that was so sick.
btw, herb dean was ridiculously late on the stoppage.
not normal behavior for major-party nominee to talk this way about respected public servant for r and d presidents
you are absolutely right. has no respect which is due to robert gates.
it's not a conspiracy, it's the way it is. but i do acknowledge it's not unique to college football.
i would encourage you to look more into relnshp between student athlete &amp; univ. not conspiracy, but yes pr
it was pretty much the only thing that didn't work in the tri dub for me....
it kinda fits with the all the digidestined reunited except for joe thing that went on in this chapter. what's his va up to?
that's too bad. are you going back to the doc?
i might just have to if it continues
where you getting this coverage? which app?
abcnews. it's just radio though. but it's live nonetheless.
if it's not helping, folks in that city need to challenge their civic leaders,put pressure on them to create better biz resources
requires t/ do more direct service in as t/ cycles are 2 short. on boarding vs. &amp;
everything he's done, hillary's done 2x/3x times worse
he has said most americans are stupid. he doesn't care about any of us. most he promises he can't do, its against the law.
crime and immigration statistics from 2015? gtfo you can't prove shit
there is no use arguing with the ignorant. we both know he's wrong. he's not willing to learn the truth so leave it be
we performed on the 26 years ago! catch us on 9/17 on at 10pm et!
i dropped out of college feeling defeated. this song part of me. spoke to me gave me courage and i returned to school
something just not right here. why a dumpster in chelsea? why not a subway station? this isn't an islamic type mo. not sure what this is.
pete- petegia18 dems going 2 say lone wolf. in nyc it was next to national guard armory. seaside was an event for usmc.
i refuse to update my phone to ios 10 -a
me af it looks so stupid!
there's somebody in my physics class that farts every single day and it smells so bad!! but nobody else seems to notice it??
got me dead af they never seem to notice or mind like wtf can't they breath
my first concert was aar
i was 12 or 13. the move along tour.
i've literally not had one person i know say "hey you *have* to try this appletv app..." kind of a bummer. anyone have any apps they love?
twitter's periscope app is pretty poinent right now. streaming live video from chelsea...
i would love to but i'm a couple hundred miles away, wait for me to come back to li
come back quicker so we can get matching ones!!
mediterranean food is soo good!
oh i need and i know this cafe. so it's perfect for tomorrow.
omg have a blast!!
thanks angie i definitely will
driver drops me off and asks if i have a cold bottle of water in my house
isn't the driver normally the one that supplies that to you.
lmao "natural beat" what is that?
guess i was born a natural glazed donut
1/ i hear u. today we used our car to visit in-laws in w'chester (altho kids actually prefer &amp; req metro-north)
2/ &amp; street parking not nrly as diff over here (plg) as ps. that said, i can't wait til citibike expands to us
(though honorable mention for zeitgeisty pun villains goes to post-punk water-based villainess new wave)
how about the nuclear family?
we have no fries there, lol
ya, just kidding. @ cafe is cool but i think you need to put on the charm and get in the press booth
bush was a figurehead that was used in order to put cheney into power. and bush didn't win, gore did.
bush the dumber was inaugurated. even though gore "won".
look another islamic attack today in virginia too. do you support?
again, is there any evidence that it was religiously motivated, or even done by muslims?
thanks! and i have been meaning to publicly thank you on fb, but i haven't gotten to the library...i will do it here though!
i remember the day you were born, you bought on so much joy after the untimely passing of dear grandmother.
lol! yeah, for real, &amp; what kind of person likes his, or her, life if they're one of corey feldman's yes men?
oh a very lonely sad person...
of course. high level fighters set up the kos. talking ppl just getting off the couch &amp; fighting. ko is more likely
submission's can be flukey too.
hey, anyone can enjoy the glory of blink-182
i turned off madonna to put on "all the small things" and forrest broke up with me
let me know if you could read the article or not
yep i can read it clearly sis s.
no ali dont do this
the last 3 tracks and folkstar are the only good ones on it
. , wishes you all the best in your new chapter in life! thank you!
brattons was a disgrace and puppet to a assclown shame he ruined his legacy 2nd time around
i guess the news about tom is out. i kinda didn't wanna be the first to say something. i'm gonna miss him.
tom who? have not heard anything.
yes, there was "pay to play"
this was almost a month ago and it has been disproven&gt; ur too smart to read everything you read. who has 800 lawsuits against him&gt;
i cut your checks you better not tell me what's missing son
it's ok you'll buy one off iphone profits
let me know when you're in nyc next!
you okay? i know nyc is a damn big place, just hoping you were not near the explosion.
per sec officials, ivey's ejection will not affect his playing status for next week's game v. tennessee. no suspension at all.
great news!
yep i can read it clearly sis s.
ok..excellent, whew! i think you'll enjoy that
watching perks and patrick and sam remind me so much of ryan and i
@ me next time i wanna watch it now
jesus. just stop. remember the egypt air flight that he guaranteed was terrorism? we still don't know.
he's such a douchebag....
4 of 5 stars to the unnoticeables by robert brockway
picked it up recentlyon account of brockway writing possibly my favorite cracked article.
my 1 &amp; only tweet for tonight-the bca is unacceptable but bleacher seats for fans are just fine. peace out interwebs
. much rather sit in the than the richfield coliseum seats at the . ice is better too
hundreds have come together for 1 purpose: to pray! tour
"for where two or three are gathered together in my name, i am there in the midst of them." mathew 18:20
but i'm happy to show people the source of my information on request - as i did with you.
you did, but by that point spun up my inner asshole and off i went. you seem an honest bloke and i'm glad to reach detente.
i heard about it crazy
these people are terrorist
duda free shirt friday 2 wks ago, tonight degrom hair/hat day, tomorrow wright eye black day, last month harvey bobblehead. can't make it up
it's unbelievable. even for this team
what an energetic crowd today in the villages, florida! when donald trump becomes potus, we will !
ewwwwwwwww no thanks
he's losing it. really. he's obviously under terrible stress, not sleeping well. he's coming apart.
i hope you're right. somebody or something needs to take him down a peg.
ahhh, hope everything gets better!!!
bro r u free to hang i just rlly need to get out the house
if android was as much better than ios as spotify is over apple music then i'm in
serious question. this only shows me a list of songs. how do i see beatles albums in my library?
it'd be worth it
i'd have to take like three days off of work haha but i guess why not.
"attention media: there is no fist pumping in the press box."
why the heck not?
the chase begins tomorrow with the teenage mutant ninja turtles 400.
we're *this* close to cartoon network starting the steven universe bowl between mediocre college teams.
i'm on the east side right now and haven't been offered safety check. maybe the area is very limited.
at 22 and 9 and not offered it either.
wasn't he fired?
no matter. he led her strategy for a year and a half. doesn't it make you question?
cnn already dismissing.
cnn knows these unfortunate terror incidents help djt, that's why they didn't break bo speech coverage to highlight this news.
i fuck with the capcom dope as hell
yea the definitely finessed that shirt tho
sooo weird toy channel video had me laughing so hard my neighbors could hear me and checked to see if i was okay.
like i'm so confused as to what the fuck that video was but it was so funny i cried laughing.
tegan and sara were at ut.... in the building i have basically lived in for the past two years..... goodbye.
which building!?
nope, i don't agree with a single clinton policy
u r way to gullible if you think trump will fulfill one thing he has said he will. he's a dunce. he doesn't even know the world.
something just not right here. why a dumpster in chelsea? why not a subway station? this isn't an islamic type mo. not sure what this is.
a distraction to keep people guessing? lone white kid?
today i learned i am a stress baker. ...
guess that's better than just being a stress eater. "i have a lot going on...where's the flour?"
think this wave will end soon. too many of them, no longer an event, like batman begins and man of steel.
the two i was most excited for. aside from them, i'm equally excited for black panther. that will be an event
honestly, i don't believe the alt-right guy who said he wouldn't fuck me for a million dollars.
is there a bidding war? because i think auctioning yourself off would be a bit drastic, even if it is to save
lol no, monitoring on twitter haha
oh duh i forget twitter is a desktop thing too. thoughts on twitterers?
also is new york okay
yes lol it was nothing
it still amazes me that people actually want trump as president..
it's mostly the misguided variety that want him in the white house miss outland.
you got high personal recommendations from so here you are
endorsements from sam and justin i need to make some changes in my life
trump threatens to sue the new york times
let him he sucks
go during rush hour pls.
oh of course!
with people with "deplorable" in their handles? i doubt it was very high before.
yes. the ones with it in their names. in both hashtags they seem to be all "talking it up" like almost promoting
"it was a quiet night, and then i heard this deafening boom"
god bless the people
happy birthday
thankyou!
apparently everyone who pre-ordered 2k17 never got their pre-order items.
i just got the email code last night if my preorder stuff
instead of adding schools, big 12 should concentrate on adding some competent replay officials instead
how are officiating crews determined?
when there's a $3 and $5 dollar sale at walmart the comes out
i saw "monster of mexico" when i worked at a video store. those scooby doo movies were always a good geeky pick-me-up.
i turned off madonna to put on "all the small things" and forrest broke up with me
you were in the right
wasn't he fired?
bill clinton said about obama "a few yrs ago he would have been carrying our bags". he wasn't fired.
what happened??
explosion in chelsea killed 25 people
been a big fan for a long time, man. i'm animating on for honor now and watching you stream last night was a total trip.
see what you can to make the dreamcast (ps4) version to run at 60 fps.
a friend of sarah's, is a friend of mine (and probably someone who has been to warped tour)
lol david is 13 years older than us and grew up on big country and hip hop. weirdo black jew kid. no warped tour!
you're obviously not one of the 26 injured. have some class.
the point being that ppl are acting like it's taken over the entire city when it hasn't.
nyc for new years?!
it will be fun! just wear a thick coat lol.
trump was right about islamic terrorism! as trump has said many times before. let the immigrants go through the process legally!
how do u know its a terror attack?
duda free shirt friday 2 wks ago, tonight degrom hair/hat day, tomorrow wright eye black day, last month harvey bobblehead. can't make it up
the curse of promos
i'm about 20 blocks from the explosion. i can hear a lot of sirens.
i heard it - thought it was thunder
why do guys always put the girl that's always down for them through everything.
cause they always gonna be there
you're obviously not one of the 26 injured. have some class.
obv wishing the injured a speedy recovery
something blew up in a dumpster call the national guard!
somebody obviously agreed, because they're at the scene
american airlines helped "sully" take off, but it won't screen the film on flights
oh c'mon now. they generally don't screen plane crash films.
where did he say this?
one of his tweets. i will see if i can find it he has also said that 50% of americans are too lazy to work&gt; he doesn't care about us
ny pd just told jon not to film!
dropped periscope nypd fired up wifi jaming device?
hey guys! just wanted to pop in and make sure you got my application? would love to join! mylifewellloved.com
, we did!! welcome to collectively! we'll be in touch with more info and next steps
what was he allergic to? pepper?
yes. pretty dark move by daniel doubtfire.
miguel gonzalez? he's been really good.
don't count on him to get 15 wins doug fister is wayyyyy better
i mean. donnie mcclurkin got married, andrew caldwell was delivert, and tyler perry got a woman pregnant.
how dare you brandon - cory is just waiting until i move so we can be together
people should spend less time contemplating why trump is so popular (because he isn't) and more on why clinton is so unpopular.
well media is responsible,matt lauar,was more offensive towards hillary,was treating trump,like trump hisboss.
did you think it was something else? or..
no, i just think it's important to wait for official word rather than dive into assumptions.
what an amazing rally for &amp; at today! columbus is ready to fight &amp; win.
i hope u r right elizabeth because things look grim. you and bernie are needed full time
that's stadium price.
i was walking around brooklyn all day and didn't eat. i needed liquid dinner.
wasn't he fired?
there seem to be lots of "isolated " incidents where racism was part of hillary's 2008 campaign.
26 injured. bomb exploded in a dumpster.
thanks for the update. stays safe.
a friend of sarah's, is a friend of mine (and probably someone who has been to warped tour)
but typically - yes. haha be bff!!! you both live in la
wish you were here at ona - catch up later sometime?
yes, please! xx
this is what cnn is covering right now - have a look at the other channels.
you're bullshit
remember when pascal fucked with his hat at the press conference?
pascal certainly does, and rues it as well.
i can't remember if canning machines are sentient or not yet tbh
i'd be more afraid of skynet if the sum total of our best and brightest came up with anything other than npm
who is your favorite actor and actress?
in english sen connery tom hankstom cruise brad pit hindi all khans big b.. tamil surya vijay rajani telugu jr ntr mahesh babu
reminder: donald trump is actively rooting for the explosion in nyc to turn out to be a terrorist attack. let that sick reality sink in.
as sick as that thought is. i believe it of trump.
and ps: don't believe the news.... ohio hates him too! signed, a
yes, i have some friends from the state of ohio and they hate him too!
if you're still waiting. send us an email to mxpxnews.com and we will sort you manually. not sure why it's skipping you!
done! thanks!
omg dying! your dad and my dad are literally the same person i swear
i bet i would love him. our dads are hilarious perverts! lol
awww congrats owyn
thank you kiddos love you both
2/ &amp; street parking not nrly as diff over here (plg) as ps. that said, i can't wait til citibike expands to us
3/ no doubt there'll be similar bikelash from ppl used to free &amp; plentiful street parking (reruns of cb6 at cb9!
it is im sorry to say, first the cop gets attacked with an axe from radical muslim lone terrorist! ! now this!!
i know it's crazy, also it was another bombing in seaside heights, nj. people r losing their mind!
i would encourage you to look more into relnshp between student athlete &amp; univ. not conspiracy, but yes pr
coming from someone who worked in ou athletics dept. w/ student athletes on daily basis. much more there than u think
wasn't he fired?
just another reason why i wont support or vote for her.
i agree,but ppl need to vote esp locally.bc city civicleaders hve a lot power&amp;if ppl in tht city dnt pushback thn nothing changes
these changes will be more top down as &amp; are more challenged. countries like are leading.
tony, u go man!! almost 2000 we - push pls support . . . . .
t,hold the line! .
and the fear mongering by trumps deplorable supporters begins...
what about this post is fearmongering? this is about immigration you're a racist if you equate syrians with fear
i mean an explosion doesn't sound like "nothing"
yes but it was small and in a dumpster and no one died
it also helped the other niggas who decided to copy my tweet lmao
tbh i'm irritated at people stealing my vid. at least credit me wtfff
i wasn't even there but i feel so violated by this like i live in washington heights now but i used to live in chelsea
like i'm there almost everyday and i was there today omg just wow
i wonder what that explosion is...i read that none of the injures are life threatening
nope. thank goodness!!!
how loud did you cheer when muslims murdered people in paris, brussels, nice, ny and now va?
how loud did you cheer for ok city or newtown or columbine?
why was this us today
no this was you i said "it's september why are there pumpkins out already"
us navy veteran jesse ventura schooled cnn host piers morgan with facts on 9/11 inside job
is such a no talent sell out douche tool piece of shit liar. wish he'd drop dead already.
explosion injures 25 people in chelsea, cause unknown:
please start referring to the larger building by its name - selis manor - it's a housing complex for blind residents.
need two for 3v3 dm asap
wagers or ps4 tourney later hmu
great , she desperately wants blind loyalty.
lol craves ignorance
most disappointing game ever lmao miss it so much &amp; loved playing against you!
yes omg u have no idea how much i miss it
need a place to keep your way cool super top secret stuff hidden.
no one will ever find it, the rent prices alone will scare them away if izzy doesn't
kinda feel like antonio silva x roy nelson should be billed as "bigfoot vs big country," no? pretty easy.
should be billed as "loser leaves town"
i don't think you fans understand how vital you guys are to our success. especially at home you guys make it hard for any team !thank you
we love all of you players!
any games on worth me going back in the crib for?
i peeped you recognize the real!!!
did something happen in nyc???
pipe bombs in new jersey, apparently? :/
i'm coming to see you mom, excuse me as i spend the next 3 hours looking for the campsite lol
it was so nice to meet you! thank you again for coming to say hi' you guys were so sweet! love my roses! xoxo
it's very wendig-y but perhaps a little emotionally deeper?
that type of voice seems to be popular.
" i just used that racist guys big boot"
is still a racist y'all
just posted a photo
hey dakar! i'll be at afrobeats deluxe tomorrow i wanted to send something over prior if possible
...&amp; u r good 4 nothing trash. i wouldve made ur life unbelievable me: ok guy: ok?!? so u still want to meet? me: (trash can't talk) :block:
what's going on
i heard about it crazy
we don't know who in the city we could be next to ???
whoops. hollywood realness
oh god she's real
not in the least true
ugh. it's where the housing for the blind is.
and once again pushes the media code word. knock it off!!!
their enthusiasm crap looms larger and larger like
pipe bomb in seaside park nj. now an explosion of unknown origin in chelsea. just as world leaders gather for un general assembly this week
it would be like trump and his russian criminals to have staged these bombings to create chaos
explosion in manhattan and the white folks wanna shiver. cops murder a man in the bronx and they care more about their dinner.
don't be an asshole, people are injured. both incidents are upsetting.
i dont remember and its annoying me
you cant remember any lyrics or the beat?
you should really check this out... might help explain my concerns and it's an entertaining read
guess who's been taking flying lessons &amp; has a big article about that and ap?
facebook has become a place where i watch friends become crazy old men before my very eyes. flat earthers. gun nuts. it's a buffet of cray.
"buffet of cray" classic, jp!! lol.
are you near chelsea at all?? are you ok??!
just hearing about what happened... but i'm far from chelsea,... thanks for checking in!
nah false i'm always around lmao
where sway? your friends chioma and jonelle see me almost every day lol
i wish i was there to knock her out
my bb wets
when you just realised you spelled your own name wrong, should be agnes, not ages...
holy shit you are super talented and funny! haha! totally something i would do. lol xoxo
wtf is going on? this am seaside, tonight nyc?
who knows. crazy
update: fdny says 25 have suffered minor injuries in tonight's in .
please start referring to the larger building at 135 w 23rd by its name - selis manor - it's a housing complex for blind residents
what up street pass follow
hey there bud! nice street passing with you
so crazy and prob related! !! same type of ied
i heard, on
when did i ask about how well you are doing? i asked how trump is a pawn of russia, answer me
yes,he has shown his liking for putin and other dictators.besides i am not working for you.
still needs more of those.
hopefully we don't see anymore this game...
twitter isn't a good medium for providing the source of every statement you make.
fair play because you did yet i completely overlooked it. it's a lesson for me to pay attention to the details, not the drama.
things done on or to divans in dorian gray: 1. stretched himself out 2. flung himself down 3. flinging himself 4. flung himself down
i am omitting the time when lady narborough simply sits as it is beneath mention, do not at me.
people ask me what my type of girl is n basically i luv girls who are passionate about the things they like and will laugh w me @ memes
they like to have fun, can probably kick my ass, and ya,, i actually luv small/flat chested girls tbh
another explosion &gt; mall in
that one's just a transformer i've heard
dyu think this woulda happened if trump was president
yes &amp; more often probably
video : reporter fired from huffpost for telling the truth - hillary has "elite immunity" and "will destroy us all"
no he was fired for linking &amp; referencing to whackadoodle right wing sites. he destroyed his own creds.
i heard it - thought it was thunder
glad you're ok!! i was nearby earlier. am i crazy for still wanting to go out tonight? lol
yup. pick a modern rock list and its mumfordish imagine dragon coldplay music. its weird
yup and it's not like no one is buying it or they don't have fans. it's just they really aren't recognizable like they use to be
pipe bombs in new jersey, apparently? :/
and an explosion in chelsea. not sure if these are related and/or the same.
how do i shop for monitors. how do i do this
there's a micro center in queens with a whole bunch you can see in person. you might like ultrawides!
very sad. london used to have litter bin bombings in the 80s, then banned metal bins in all british town centres.
many many places (at least here on long island) use clear bins as a way to try and prevent these things.
they found another bomb perhaps you should get the hell out of there
thx for the heads up - no one here is panicking. just waiting on law enforcement to do their job
his role is minimal enough in that chapter that i was like "ok it's fine" but the next chapter.... as for his va i dunno!
i imagine the 2nd chapter being dubbed is far off right now. maybe there's a chance for the va to come back to his spotlight?
you should definitely try kefi resturant the food is really good
i'll try it
like they let the hose go and a squirt of water came out. "e-mail leaks?! how dare you, we got real problems, terrorism!"
someone did say it the other day, i just thought it
dear donna:) happy saturday:) photography from bert stern:)
have a wonderful evening gabe. pure elegance and class. thanks!!
i checked in at the perennial on
ate kernza bread &amp; the popcorn. real good butter.
is your support for muslim attacks based on a hatred for whites and the west?
is your hatred of muslims based on poverty, ignorance, or just plain rage at being powerless and poor?
every young adult from lathrop look 2 years older than they would usually look.
its that lack of moisture from the bay
the media is always trying to cover up the nyc explosion, claiming it's a "gas leak" despite earlier reports of an ied.
didn't even report on this explosion earlier! i heard about it from . mike, please keep reporting because no one else will!
i hate watching ppl's kpop album collections bc im wondering how these teenagers have the funds for all these albums
this girl got 4 versions of exo's e'axct album and i could barely afford hyyh pt2 like.......
next trip to san diego. staying in that hotel for sure.
pricey. but easy to visit. great beach, excellent brunch.
for those following along, act 2 of is starting. thx
oh? what'd i miss?
i haven't. now i'll go looking for it.
it's between 45th/46th on 5th avenue. you can't miss it haha.
is it worth noting that the vast majority of the time, politifact finds that trump lies?
tell me if you think trump's comment deserved to be considered a lie in this post.
not good bro!..wake up.
i'm home already but thanks for the concern.
oh, it seems he retired from voiceover... but so did joshua seth soooo..... it would still be nice.... ;_;
what- awwwwwww
you spelt wowzeers wrong!!!
one "e" sounds way better
56-yard td run to rector on the end-around, set up because usc was obsessed with mccaffrey
entire right side of u$c d bit hard on that fake
cnn shouldn't be speculating about an ied. it's a bad, bad look
at this point, it's clear that's what the authorities think. it's not idle speculation.
hillary surrogate mark levine: "i think donald trump is appealing to people who are mentally deficient, i really do"
he is just showing how mentally deficient he is. how much is paying him? or is he jealous of trumps accomplishments?
whats your team?
playing with mercury
obama said this at a southeast asian event not too long ago
give me proof. i can't believe you are not seeing this clearly. do you understand what a narcissist he is?
bernie bust: only 150 turn out at sanders ohio stop...
bernie betrayed his socialist revolution to back hillary.will only be a pathetic footnote in history.
thank god. i was terrified you were there
yea ik i'm glad you texted me asking if i was ok. thanks
i own that. i should listen to that.
i guess he walks out towards the end and doesn't finish it
a man literally too stupid to be commander in chief.
he really is too stupid! that's the most frightening thing about this election.
when a girls butt has more hair than yours.
when has that ever happened to you
kd on our warriors bro
squaaaaad. back to back ships or bust
seeing on spotify is the coolest thing ever
just want to say inb4 the fame been here since day one
pitch: in the mediterranean sea, fishermen rescue a baby carrier that can't remember what it is or where it's from. the baby bjorn identity
i'm still a little hazy on this twitter thing, but is it possible to dislike a tweet? like, a broken heart icon i can click?
it was ground beef that had literally been laying on the counter for hours
cuz she gonna be deceased
. will this be the new sears' vaccine book, bc i can't take en masse
no it's the levines' book "do parents matter" cc
if you want to find the crazy people on twitter, they're in the @ replies
they come out of the woodwork as soon as disaster strikes!
i think fregosi is the oldest of those unless you include original mets past their prime.
sandy sr. is oldest in transaction year. actually, bruce is the new bobby bonilla circa 1999.
you aren't the man i thought you were
i'm flattered
im ascending?!!
these two also performed!! thank you!! i love yall~
i don't agree with a single clinton policy, she's undetectable for me
what don't you agree with? increase in wage? health care? tell me
video : reporter fired from huffpost for telling the truth - hillary has "elite immunity" and "will destroy us all"
your post is a lie. this loser fraud's 15 minutes ended 16 minutes ago.
much of what we hear now is definitely wrong. the nature of fast-moving news &amp; rumor.
yep. and 133 w 23rd is a smaller building. 135 w 23rd is selis manor, a housing complex for blind residents.
i asked you to give a fact about how trump is a russian pawn, never asked for your life story.
because you said i am leftist.so i had to tell you all rich people are not blood suckerslike trump
great job team!
thank you boss
haha exactly and right on. sure man let's plant some bittersweet on your land. i have scion for trees if you got roots.
i actually cut down the apple tree outside the barn cuz i was tired of tripping over the downed apples! sorry
idk how people have fun in college i feel like i'm just overwhelmed with work
it took me 4 hours to do my chem assignment fml
ending my night a little early
the night is still young, go out!
so told me fernet "tastes like santa's balls" and i gotta say, 100% accurate (cc )
first time i had it it was described as tasting "like you're being poisoned but you like it"
so that's that then
we have been leading in all our last three games. frustrating. but at least we know what we need: a defender
no worries. apologies for the vitriol in some of my replies. someone questioning your ethics is a big deal in my line of work
vitriol? you're scottish, right? if you're gonna don a kilt you'd best have sharp elbows to back it up.
well more like plastic
i always see people post about her driving that car. it's seeing bigfoot out here
weird, ios or android? (i remember you in paris).
ios (ipad pro). turns out to work fine on my iphone
sticks my leggy in here
u already win me gay heart
does terry collins realize this game matters? using ty kelly and kevin plawecki in the 9th inning of a tie game.
plawecki is catching
this is the main stage right now
tracii was bringing it
obama said this at a southeast asian event not too long ago
i am curious as to what u think trump will actually do for you?
he just wants to snuggle
this will be me and bentley
two billy joel concerts back to back on tv? i know what i'm doing with my saturday night :-d
a good tweet
. you have the coolest twitter cover photo wow
thanks! this old has-been is still holding on tight
chelsea is down the block from us
praying for all the victims
i just learned that notre dame spray paints their helmets with 24 karrot gold before every game.
i just learned that you don't know how to spell karat
will you be there tmrw?
yes, will stop briefly
i just heard about it 2 seconds ago...
2 seconds is all it takes ...
appears to be stabbing, not shooting
no doubt this was a mad swede in minnesota attacking innocent somalis.
now: at least 25 people are injured in ! obama decided to give speech attacking !
no matter how many times you tweet this we just can't get on board with your fear mongering.
torn between super ugly or literally not practical...?
so confused don't know what to think
too soon to make dumpster fire jokes right? ok, i'll put em back in the fridge.
apparently it's not too soon
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
thin skin lying trump. more ridiculous threats that everyone is bored by
aside from the cal student section, memorial stadium is filled with a lot of burnt orange shirts about 10 minutes before the opening kick.
there were tons of texas fans at the giants game last night. they must have though orange friday's was for them.
i suddenly hate corn. not going to eat another corn on the cob ever again.
what??? i'll have yours.
kevin is reading me excerpts about the discovery of vitamin b during the depression. i am reading him bits about folk remedies for worms.
been wanting to record readings of weird books i've got as a podcast or the like, but rights may be an issue
man i would love to go on first it's like the world coming up and saying bring it
come to nyc plz
do you really think pushing progressives away from democratic candidate so the neo-nazi can win is "good?"
she's not pushing. there was no way we were going to vote for corrupt warmonger hillary anyway. so, stop your guilt trip.
trump also says here once again that afghanistan and other war torn countries are less dangerous than chicago:
where does trump get these numbers from. i am so sick of him.
is it time to start thinking about a side bet on a giants-mets wild card game?
sure! you in tom? isn't degrom out rest of season?
latest: -at least 26 people injured in nyc explosion -law enforcement sources say explosion took place in dumpster
133 w 23rd is a smaller building, 135 w 23rd is selis manor, a housing coplex for blind residents.
holy s***!!! prayers with the people of nyc
i feel bad for new jersey. always get forgotten. lol. and thank you for the concern and prayers!
obama said this at a southeast asian event not too long ago
he's not going to build a wall, he won't deport immigrants, he doesn't have a clue how the law works. please tell me what you think
what section do you sit in? looks like my seats in 233b
this is up in 234. have seats in 238 as well.
you think things'll turn around after halftime or are we done for?
always a chance to turn things around. but playing as we are, zero chance of even keeping it close
if you want to take a pic in messages that saves to the camera roll, just swipe right and use the "camera" button
which version of ios? doesn't work for me but pressing photo icon gives me a choice to take a new photo. ios 9
oh, i'm sure they are. i'm not even going in those hashtags, bc i know from experience that disaster twitter is nonsense.
i was looking cuz trump announced "there was a bomb in nyc" in his speech and im praying that he is wrong and looks like a douche
you're going to be so sad when you finish it in one day because there's only like 10 episodes
ugh i'm going to try to chill out and not stay up all night watching it
i literally just drove through chelsea... hope those that got injured are okay :/
i was there around 6:30. scary how quickly things can change.
did you cheer when a muslim murdered 50 in orlando gay nightclub? do you hate gays?
did you cheer when a christian murdered dozens of school children? do you hate children?
click here for more pictures: add me on snapchat: imjuicyass
is this jus a promotion sight to push snap chat.???
i'm not really a titty person.. i care more about personality n stuff???
i'm actually.......a leg and neck person........i've always wanted 2 kiss someone's neck
when are we gonna see the good pinch hitter?
20th inning.
this is great. can you share how you did this &amp; the data so others can add this to their map?
oh i didn't make it; just stumbled upon it: norteo and sureo territories
yes, but tell me that when another innocent cop is killed, when another terrorist strikes, when another black disappears.
dm me. i'll hit you with the facts
i was looking cuz trump announced "there was a bomb in nyc" in his speech and im praying that he is wrong and looks like a douche
i mean more of a douche if thats possible
i hope you are safe! i'm a reuters reporter. would you give permission to use your footage of chelsea explosion aftermath?
yes use whatever you want.
nope. thank goodness!!!
did you hear chloe grace moretz will not be taking the role as the little mermaid, she's taking a timeout in her career
enjoy as pasty white author joyce carol oates calls out kira davis over her white privilege - twitchy
oates is a brilliant &amp; talented writer,which proves judgement doesn't necessarily accompany those attributes.
am i unreasonable abt wanting personal space at concerts or is webster hall an annoying venue full of shitty wasted nyu students; stay tuned
a: trick question; the answer is all of the above. also, is amazing.
calm down my friend you are missing the point i was making about the media ok?
nah your remarks lack empathy completely. the media sensationalizes everything. dont get why you're making a gross generalization
white ppl. lol
i'm surprised you don't have hat and gloves on. lmao
no state can ever compete with iowa sweet corn.
nope. people in nj have a strange pride bout theirs.
it pissed off a friend of mine to the point where he punched a wall. therefore on my avoid list.
damn! it's like having a turd sandwich, and then putting a little peanut butter on it. it's still a turd sandwich.
obama said this at a southeast asian event not too long ago
he has cheated on two wives, he is against gays and lesbians, he is against women.
driving through chelsea now and no one is panicking. it looks like a normal saturday night. the rest of the country needs to chill.
*riding in a car, not driving. don't text/tweet and drive!
dress shopping today! i think i rock this one! what does everyone else think?
one word ''marvelous, dazzling, beautiful''. ok. that's 3 words. lol. you look amazing kenna!!!
lol, i knew you was coming with that as soon as you liked my status.
you know me too well:)
new puck daddy: what happened to team usa's offense in world cup opener?
uhhhh they left one of their 4 30 goal scorers in the press box?
do you really think pushing progressives away from democratic candidate so the neo-nazi can win is "good?"
and your thinking progressives cant make their own minds is the typical neolib hilbot arrogance that will make hillary lose
i hope you stay safe that is really close to home. how many are going off
thanks t, just gonna keep the eyes open! i think i heard two in nyc as of now. there was one in seaside this morning.
definitely
hey, how are u? longtime no hear
happy birthday to one of the baddest in the game ilysm boo
thanks bb you're the baddest of them all
calm down my friend you are missing the point i was making about the media ok?
and im not your friend, my friends show a little more humanity
u get arrested 4 hunting/fishing w/o a license but not 4 entering the country illegally?
no might about it. this country is being run by idiots. we need to dump them all and start over.
i disagree with voting for someone who enables a rapist and is pro abortion. hrc is proud but pretends to be humble.
trump is guilty on both accounts you listed. she isn't a good option either though
did he say anything
honestly i was on a waiting list for dinner and he was a "homeless" man that i was speaking to. i though he gave me a note but it
my dad was saying that if the defense didn't adjust this game was over after the previous td.
and d came up with a stop! we were in great shape. and then baker throws it away.
gotta deduct points from both sides for failing to include the best buy
ran out of characters for the home depot
man i don't even wanna know how much your rent is i'd shed a tear everytime i come home just 2 sleep for a few hours then leave
i'm home only twenty four hours in this two week span... :/
hooooooooooooooo shittttttt uchouten kazoku second seasonnnnnnnnnnn
thank you p.a. works for giving recognition to your greatest production after a series of your most lackluster adaptations...
happy birthday hop you have an amazing day
thank you gorgeous!
i'll be home in three weeks lol
i'll be waiting for ya den
whl didnt know that was coming? urban just ate your left ventricle, stoopsy
with a nice chianti
how about the nuclear family?
they came back in battle for bludhaven where the dog had a real potty mouth
yes! let's connect. could you meet tomorrow morning?
sure i have poster presentation from 915-1045 but can meet after? let me know what works
saw you added data carpentry to a list. would be happy to chat here at startup school.
sorry we are just getting this heading out to the city. we are driving back late afternoon. happy to chat over email though
did you hear chloe grace moretz will not be taking the role as the little mermaid, she's taking a timeout in her career
news to me sis s.
to victims of illegal alien crime, "you,ve been forced into the shadows, help is coming". . epic!
if it isn't the fear mongering cunt..
rex ryan's calling-card defense gives up nearly 500 yds to ryan fitzpatrick, so he makes it right by firing his offensive coordinator.
can't fire his bro dc so he finds a scapegoat in oc . how does still on job?
donald trump has led hillary clinton for 11 consecutive days, longest stretch of...
hillary is done
: b/d e &amp; f train service changes and delays, due to nypd activity at 23 st. see
suggestions on getting back to from penn station? tripplanner not taking into account updates.
yes! i played at indiecade a few years ago and was awesome. only bummer is that it's arcade cabinet only :/
buddy of mine and i just found it and tried playing 1 on 1. some people showed up and got a 2 on 2 match going. intense.
hopefully all the are ok
i can account for 3 of us directly. thanks mate
heard this explosion in from 9th and 23rd. sirens, helicopters here now. nyc under control, as always.
i live at 22nd and broadway! scary!
i hope you were able to rest on the plane, on the way home
i myself could not sleep on airplane longer than small naps. this was back before the more modern aircraft too
such a good mum, i thought you would've spanked these guys for their sins
i'll turn the other cheek for now
is this an apology? is this how you show regret? american strike kills civilians in
because syrian forces and their butcher of a leader hold such moral high ground
three explosions in one day 1. 2. 3. thank you obama!
charlottesville was a transformer fyi
holy shit my girlfriend just told me about the bomb in chelsea, super close to sva i hope you guys are all ok!!!
we are okay, but i was a block away from the explosion with . it's nuts over here now.
let me get some questions for a q&amp;a use as always i'll look at them later tonight.
when you first named your youtube channel "birdman" were you aware that the rapper birdman existed?
at 22 and 9 and not offered it either.
still a good feature tbh. family from out of town makes them feel good that i'm safe.
news to me sis s.
i think she deserves a break..she already has 58 credits to her name at the age of 19
jules sounds like booty cheeks
oh thanks so much
i live at 22nd and broadway! scary!
didja hear it too or are you in bk?
our "leaders" are safe while everyone else in usa is exposed to their deadly decisions!
wit that bullshit you spitting
wow!!! that's a tough question... but i'd go pittsburgh from the east, and possibly nashville from the west. really like what florida
pittsburgh was amazing down the stretch. i fear rangers will be terrible.
how dare he repeat what the breaking news media is reporting
the more they do this, the more determined we are that be our next president
you just started just give it like a month
relax dont say that
why are you bringing camila up? this isn't about her. this is about dinah using "so gay" as /probably/ an insult.
i'm saying if camila said this, it would be 10x worse bc it's camila. but everyone dismisses the rest of the girls actions
if barnes is the goat
that's why it's getting no likes
sheesh thats love but a lil suspect at the same time....but i guess its normal on that side
lol this is weed mecca, god got me if anything
yeah, i would. i wish you weren't in so much pain.
me too. this is worse than my stomaches and buy those hurt too. i would've love to never experience this pain.
obama said this at a southeast asian event not too long ago
you are much more humane than trump. ur better than this. his racist, antisemitic tweets are an insult to all of us
honestly i was on a waiting list for dinner and he was a "homeless" man that i was speaking to. i though he gave me a note but it
was money wrapped in receipt paper. i said thank you &amp; then walked inside. when i realized i went outside and he was gone.
-they're referring to chapter 2 louie. can't understand why everyone expected song/credits for chapter 1
. the post said 9/14. lol
hello, marie here from ruptly news agency. can we distribute your footage crediting you as source? thanks
no. absolutely not. this is copyright abc news. cc:
is your support for muslim atrocities due to being a 45 year old and still a virgin?
is your support for racism and christian atrocities due to being poor and stupid?
haha exactly and right on. sure man let's plant some bittersweet on your land. i have scion for trees if you got roots.
i'm pretty much all norway spruce and hickory here btw.
i'm okay in chelsea but it sounds like a war zone outside
really glad to hear you're ok. i hear sirens from across town, and the news have been nuts. let me know if you to come east.
forgot how awesome the reconfigure interface is for rethinkdb. (i made this last year)
it is actually one of those "holy shit, this is awesome!!!!" moments for rethinkdb
crazy scene here at 23/7. cops and fire engines. ambulances &amp; helicopters over head. supposed bomb went off at 23/6
prayers that everyone is okay! very scary!!!!
i'm gonna leave this here so everyone can learn the truth.
ah, at last i know why dog has the same letters as him.
david letterman interviews india's prime minister for nat geo's change docu-series [video] via
love it. letterman finally grows the beard he always wanted, but the network wouldn't allow :)
now valley's biggest shame: walkable, vibrant downtown, interrupted by a car-centric whole foods.
i shop at this whole foods. but with better zoning, it could be built with underground parking and multiple stories of apartments.
it's so beautiful and burritos or something.
oh yeah! thanks, i've forgotten...
that 3-point feeling.
will get mad cause you took a picture after a match
i didn't even think you'd be in manhattan. it happened like two blocks from work. glad you're okay.
i was just about to text you and a kevin. i had gone in to visit with some family who were in town.
i live at 22nd and broadway! scary!
so crazy. was in an uber on 22nd &amp; 6th
greg roman reportedly described rex ryan as a "buffoon" after 2015 season
this explains it but how does still have the job?
i think she deserves a break..she already has 58 credits to her name at the age of 19
yep. that's quite a record.
. the post said 9/14. lol
she didn't know. lol
buddy of mine and i just found it and tried playing 1 on 1. some people showed up and got a 2 on 2 match going. intense.
they have free play for killer queen on mondays &amp; i think occasional tournaments? already started researching strategy.
let me get some questions for a q&amp;a use as always i'll look at them later tonight.
when you first named your youtube channel "birdman" were you aware that the rapper birdman existed?
latest info: police investigate cause after explosion in injures 25
stop with a cherry bomb doy!!!!!
tell me you're free sometime next week. we need to catch up over drinks!
will do love!
yes. pretty dark move by daniel doubtfire.
so after all of that family trauma, daniel still dresses up as mrs. doubtfire for the tv show? this is fucked.
lightbox bookstore always great:
they have that brenez at metrograph, gonna buy it sometime
thank you p.a. works for giving recognition to your greatest production after a series of your most lackluster adaptations...
god damn, the author is even insinuating that this second season could be even better than the first, fuckk im so hypeeeeeeeeeee
economic plan would shrink trade and kill millions of us jobs
he's not going to starve
i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies. let's make america great again!
i'm counting on you to catch some hands
bouta make mirror pictures the wave again
they never stopped being the wave
nyc explosion: bystanders share terrifying videos from the scene - watch now via
"terrifying"? clickbait. stop spreading drama. i was 2 blocks away. everyone kept doing what they were doing.
dear ex-pats: the red part goes on top.
come now... it's not just expats....
(2)... but an insane man with minions in the millions...is a fucked up situation.
insane man with millions of minions sounds a lot like hitler.
underwhelmed? turn on espn2! mississippi state got 2 tds in 40 seconds and got the ball back again down 3 now at lsu. stingray
that's good, georgia-mizzou is good and maryland-ucf is good.
omg just stick with it
i'm on episode three and kristin &amp; tom have already have two fights over beauty products. i love it.
the new bad plus record is all covers, toyed with in the typical bad plus rambunctious jazz-pop style. great weeken...
ooh, this'll be great
artificially increasing wage i'm against, public healthcare i'm against
so you are against helping other people. enough said, he has no plan but to stop obamacare. this will leave 21 million without insur
our "leaders" are safe while everyone else in usa is exposed to their deadly decisions!
how stupid are you? this is such crap. get a life and turn off the damn tv! your stupidity is our burden.
should i have another gin and soda?
yes and yesss
can wnyc use your photo? what is your address?
yes. i am on 23rd between 6th and 7th
when did i say all rich people were blood suckers? you are so confusing.
don't i read newspapers.i have seen trump can't be us president.his way of handling rallies.
yep. that's quite a record.
many actors don't even get 58 credits by the end of their career so i definitely give her credit for thinking things through
my mom just asked me "do you have something black to wear for tomorrow" lmfao sweetie
does she know you?
can ju believe my megalovania acapella just hit 200.000 views? i sure can't! thanks everyone! ()/
you should make a vid of u reading from the dictionary just for the hell of it, see how many views *that* gets. lol! =(&gt;w&lt;)=
praying everyone in chelsea and seaside are ok!! both near and dear to me. any details please share
seaside was a pipe bomb intended to disrupt the marine corp charity 5k run but no one was hurt only 1 of the 3 detonated
right i miss wanting to scrim and mum talking us into pubs snd
haha i miss playing it's been a while
god forbid a doctor's office have a parking lot. i suppose sick or injured people should hoof it from the j-church?
that's not the point at all. underground parking and buildings with appts on top! we can do both.
how dare you not favorite the original tweet
jonah what are you even doing here
is it alright if we blame for your kids being adorable?
the only adorable thing about trump is eric.. i'd give the nyc treatment
that purplish orange though...
i know where you were, tycho.
rip their fucking hearts out
right! end their season tonight!
easy rawlins is in what 1995 film? a. devil in a blue dress b. crimson tide c. philadelphia d. courage under fire
devil in a blue dress
can we ban 'sliding head first doesn't get you there faster' from baseball? its not true. you get there faster. this is a level physics
they found footage of the 1924 world series and a player slid headfirst into first base.
either "..." then "go to artist" or back out to root " my library" then "albums"
got it. my biggest knock against spotify has always been wonky information architecture. still seems subpar.
there are reports the explosion was caused by an iad? is that confirmed?
it's definitely confirmed that there was an explosion.
this is why i don't go below 86th street most weekends.
downtown is a haven for shenanigans
it's crazy to me that no major news network is covering the fact a terrorist attack just occurred in new york ??
it's on cnn, msnbc, and fox news. those are pretty major.
latest info: police investigate cause after explosion in injures 25
lol cherry bomb is about the size of a cherry
where is ? we have an explosion in chelsea, 25 injured and he's no where to be found!?
you know he is always late for everything!!!
echoes my thoughts on kaepermick, but stated more elequently than i could.
had to look up "jeremiad". sounds like they were saying selichos.
reports of a '2nd ied' in are unfounded.
right. one pipe bomb out of three went off in seaside park. city was on lockdown.
trump will put america first! not illegals and foreign interests!
she can spend $1000. she is still one of the lee sisters, you know , ugly, homely, ghastly.
awesome message tonight!! thanks for sharing your story!
thank you for the love &amp; support!
saw a hand painted (scrawled) sign today that said "vote trump hillary sucks". it was as overwhelming &amp; inspiring as you might be imagining
kind of like when/if you crap you pants, for sure overwhelming ; and inspiring in the way the world needs more toilets :(
all about ball!!! .... but don't use your best player, helton is a disaster, pat hayden was the paul hackett of ads
the barack obama of ads
yeah, if he's not sleeping he cries most of the time the car isn't moving, doesn't have to be traffic jam anymore
oh no.. maybe he gets car sick? can babies get car sick
georgia losing sooners losing gators have issues vols are undefeated
florida up 31-0 buddy... your team has the issues
got it. my biggest knock against spotify has always been wonky information architecture. still seems subpar.
but i plan to keep a closer eye on it than i have over the past few years.
just heard about the explosion in chelsea tonight holy shit.
text back if you're okay
i heard there was an explosion in nyc
yeah.. i'm good.. hopefully nothing else happens.. thanks
shame on you ... i hope your killers will pay ... such a miserable way to kill a girl . we are free.
stop blaming the whole country
stopping h1b visa immigration, which directly affects my employment and salary
and guess who is using these type workers right now? trump is. he makes everything overseas &amp; hires foreign workers. he is a bser
central park. with zoo story. and the spirit of albee.
my fave! woke up thinking of it this morning
ok guys, let me know y'all are good! and home!
safe and sound in brooklyn! thanks for checking mrs. green! meagan, hope you're safe?
my favorite outsiders antagonists are these guys, right-wing white nationalist villains called the force of july:
someone should do a listicle comparing various -force teams. mostly so doom force could win
i really don't know if i want to give up or keep trying..
btw this is about a boy
the door was unlocked and open. this never happens. i popped in, acted like i lived there. they drove away. my pulse was through the roof
phew, creepy
isn't that where he works (when he's not reporting from overseas)?
- probably but being nbc's chief foreign correspondent - he's rarely in the states - probably in nyc for un general assembly
god damn, the author is even insinuating that this second season could be even better than the first, fuckk im so hypeeeeeeeeeee
the sequel hasn't even been published as a novel has it?
video from moments after explosion. says 25 injured, none life-threatening
explosion injuries include suspected eardrum injury
lol camila has literally nothing to do with this. let's focus on what dinah said, yeah? don't take the vid out of context
just saying it how it is
latest info: police investigate cause after explosion in injures 25
make a rap video of that cute black woman's account of the explosion she was funny
need 3 for snd gbs ladders to playoffs. willing to play tourneys with a tournament mindset. (skype only)
add macadelix- and i'll play with u tommorow
listen to chocolate by aoa on . i love me some &amp; .
respect the sleigh bells! listen to champion () by leessang on .
don't be sorry, sounds like a grafting opportunity. did you ding the stump out?
no, stump is in still there, one year since it came down. apples were green rocks, never appealing.
start eli manning and sit john brown in week 2
who should i start between jordan reed and john stewart ??
so crazy. was in an uber on 22nd &amp; 6th
glad you're okay. curious to see what this was / is
this is how i feel when and talk about metal bands.
i actually feel the same way anyway
getting the party started with cheers!
yes, you are cheers!!! once for each of you!!! chaser?
why do none of my queer ass friends want to walk to the park and play on the playground
what the fuck before my soccer game i would've been hecka down to go down the slide where tf my invite bitch
people slow down to watch the train wreck.
she's gonna have a meltdown one day. mark my words.
why does your face on me look like the saw guy?!?!
things i don't want answers to...
bruh this is a big fan of ours lol
lol, bruh quit playing who is this?!
i'm not against the bikes just the placement/lack of consideration 4 the ppl of the area who already have cars is the prob
yeah but they have to go somewhere (&amp; wherever they go ppl will complain!) obv key is reducing % ppl who feel need to own car..
this is the face of a man that has never seen love. it's why he hates his common man.
i do alright. but i think that you should reflect on your racism and bitterness before you lash out at strangers.
i wouldn't hang my hat on it definitely being a *device* yet...
could also be a fire in the dumpster and then something exploding
breaking: hundreds injured from knee jerk reactions and from jumping to conclusions about the explosion.
spare us the condescension.
"doughnuts that are not from dunkin' donuts" giant fuck off from me.
fyi, the local donut shops back east are far superior to most of the ones the west coast because they have dunkins to compete with! suck it.
we have a faggot name searcher
yes you are...
whoa. lotta subway sounds suddenly getting louder in my head...
leave the gun, take the broccoli rabe &amp; chilean sea bass.
nypd's counterterrorism bureau releases photo of apparent source of manhattan explosion
we are going to find you. we are going to end you. you cannot hide. you cannot win.
where's jermaine?
i really wanna know though
the signage at this roguelike conference is on point.
y u no tell me about that confffff (
lol that's a little insane they just get extremely physical and foul me to like hurt me or say they "weren't trying" lmaooo
if i was there we could jump them bc na lmao no
who wants to kick it
does that mean y'all wanna kick it orrrrr
my family that lives there is safe thank you
thats good glad they are ok and glad your ok be careful be praying for all of you to stay safe
this is why i don't go below 86th street most weekends.
i usually don't either.
oh dear, you're right.. i'll give him a second chance
i thought i responded correctly lol
did you actually watch the fight? i initiated the 1st grapple exchange, then arms gassed out me. i'll grapple anyone
that's not what i meant you prob have the best grappling in bantamweight. i meant engage him in boxing range.
week 2 nfl predictions
shit i'm already 0-1
fuckin tease
no teasing... just show me lol
i hope you and everyone you know in missouri dies
that was interference but okay let's just like down right here it's warm
authorities are saying not a gas line but more than likely an ied bomb and also subways and roads are shutdown in the area
yeah i know bro, i'm seeing it all in person
don't you have a crowd to crash into or something?
nope, only 300cc ninjas tonight
i'm not. this is new york. things have to be really, really big to get a reaction.
also we don't know what happened, and nyc is massive
realising i get bored so easily. switching up my working environment gives me such a boost. 70% coworking. 20% wfh. 10% coffee shops.
you should check out then. we are the hotel tonight app of space. huge deals and discounts on short term!
awesome, cedar is the apple tree no no. otherwise shovel ready meadow is best.
opps, i do have 3 red cedar &amp; 1 white cedar
td, oklahoma. damon arnette beaten on pass. first touchdown given up by osu defense this season.
conley out but we are still in control at this point! season is over with a loss!
a thread on what makes me happy, quotes that make you think, calming shit, important yet small reminders, etc etc!! :') enjoy!!!
1. own up to your mistakes.
you can blame all muslims for their extremists when you blame all christians for the kkk, okc bombing and the crusades.
no one is "blaming all muslims". why do you idiots keep fucking saying that? seriously. stop.we have a lot of muslims in-country.
the a's will be back to disappoint. you can count on that
okay phew
maybe cause he cries even moving now too but less, when someone is talking to him back there it's less though.
i hoe he feels better with car rides soon. tell l i said hi!
thank you for your shout-out tonight.
very welcome. thank you english teachers as so many of you and your students have used wevideo for schools
you can blame all muslims for their extremists when you blame all christians for the kkk, okc bombing and the crusades.
not all muslims are terrorists.
yeah, he already looks like a douche for making that statement when we no nothing about what happened. asshole.
i would love him to divulge classified info so badly
why what happened
explosion on manhattan
i just googled her, and she is lovely. they seem like-minded, but that 20 year age difference is rough.
i was thinking the same thing.
james is on the feeds
i know but not the same without nat and pauls either up his butt or talking smack
i'm not sure which is worse, so i'm crowd sourcing:
too slow cab driver = arrive late. too fast cab drivers = pedestrians in the hospital
when did i say all rich people were blood suckers? you are so confusing.
if his rallies are only for whites,i don't want any part of that man.my business i never discrimin
i'm surprised you're not playing for college, you're really good.. you definitely should've!
aww thanks i so shouldve played.
why what happened
explosion in manhattan
dude, no. where's an excerpt? some writing?
excerpt of what? what did you have in mind?
nap was interrupted because of children playing basketball outside (it's dark go away) so hopefully i'll last through the evening.
there's no way i'm missing this ep (especially since last week's seems to be lost indefinitely) but i don't wanna be groggy.
what if i like basically every rob zombie movie?
i do too. but it's such lazy film making and story telling. hope it's not more than 4.99 to watch
isn't it "like" that tattoo on your shoulder, i'm confused
you were right
yeah but they have to go somewhere (&amp; wherever they go ppl will complain!) obv key is reducing % ppl who feel need to own car..
hopef citibike contributes to that, as will (is?) uber/lyft/arro etc. but bigger issue is we need better city&amp;regional transit
things will be quiet in bag land for a while - flying to rdu in a month, and then an adventure in singapore at thanksgiving!
wish i could say the same! this is my next 6 weeks.
trump is the candidate who will work tirelessly to keep the amer pp safe &amp; improve their financial futures!
congratulations! you have the commercial memorized!
"rachel, just take the cookies, and leave the library." "okay!"
they brought out cookies?!
schools in florida are forcing students to stand during the national athem
he's crying for help
1. own up to your mistakes.
2. there is beauty within pain bc you can either run or learn from it. it's always your choice.
reports that trump was briefed before his speech on the nyc explosion
he is such an asshole
legacy of abusing the african-american community and keeping them in bondage to gov't aid!
they r coming out to vote just not for who will drop them like 1st period french right after.
on the scene in chelsea. nypd officer confirmed there are injured. said they are reviewing video to find culprit.
confirmed it was an explosive device.
you are right i'm a terrible person plz don't read my tweets? i dunno dude i'm sorry for saying people were calm .
fact is several friends of mine that live in that area were panicked for the past hour. have a good night.
when your friends say they won't vote, ask how much student debt they have. there's only one candidate who will make college affordable.
and then rap them smartly about the nose.
had 2 fin. something else first ( registr. for alwsl .6 beta starts soon. v1 will support w7 through 10
building v1 to support two completely different environments is gonna suck, build a really solid limited v1 first
you can blame all muslims for their extremists when you blame all christians for the kkk, okc bombing and the crusades.
98% of terrorists are muslim. see the diff? if all were terrorists, there'd be no planet left.
: the explosion was caused by an ied (bomb) per . the fbi &amp; homeland security on scene.
so sad. this needs to stop. god bless to all the injured.
ur so racist, lol i can play that game too
no game honey. anyone that keeps defining a women by her husband is a sexist. u may not realize it. i will tell my black daughter
laying in bed u
sitting on the phone talking to my gf
wow amiga. that looks fancy. miss you.
miss you back *hugs*
so a couple of things from today. i was down in dc watching the take on nc. they kicked 9.18 and then gave up three goals in q4.
those will get ya
not really but i know it's my own fault still sucks tho
yuuuup! not my business though so i'll butt out now!
trump is kicking my fat ass.somebody get dirt on trump to help me
ok fat ass, it can only mean hrc, not her skinny double, trump likes canoli
you've been alone all your life huh? don't it out on people that care about other people. disavow this muslim attack.
again, we don't know anything about where this came from. i'd disavow any attack, but i wouldn't blame anyone without proof.
ah-weet! \m/ what was the best part of your climb to the top of mount rock??
our favorite parts was stick it to the man!!!! those kids are amazing!
one of my favorites.
mine too
oh dear, you're right.. i'll give him a second chance
applesauce apple sauce
omg what glitter do you use does it stay on good
it's face glitter. i got it from urban.
luv balls in !!!
better hop on that 1 train
na they dubbed that too
2. there is beauty within pain bc you can either run or learn from it. it's always your choice.
3. a constant worry
shut up and get in this window washer's death elevator with me. for feminism.
find us diane keaton!
so after all of that family trauma, daniel still dresses up as mrs. doubtfire for the tv show? this is fucked.
instead of just telling the kids that their father is now watching them after school, it's another surprise?
i myself could not sleep on airplane longer than small naps. this was back before the more modern aircraft too
this was back in the flintstones era. they used pterodactyls for airplane engines. hehehehe
god damn, the author is even insinuating that this second season could be even better than the first, fuckk im so hypeeeeeeeeeee
i don't think a sequel announcement has made me this excited since eureka seven ao
which station are you trying to get to so we may assist you?
7th avenue and 9th street, although 4th avenue will work as well
team... likely similar to last year.
the d is bad
would you have voted for bernie sanders over clinton?
if you believed so much in bernie why are you letting him down now? i guess you don't trust him any more. yes anyone but trump
funny how few of them are expressing concern for people who are hurt. by which i mean, not funny at all,
apparently i care more about the well being of the victims of tonight than you.
i nearly got nailed with a soccer ball to the face but my hero put his hand out with a firm block. i'm going to kiss him
id do more than kiss him.
don't drink and tweet. i mean....
dude she's going to have one of those epic twitter rant meltdowns.
prolly this is just what happens to ppl but when did pop music become interesting? am i just in the last few years noticing?
yeah idk if i just became more open-minded or pop music is rly in a renaissance but id say it started with daft punk - lucky
excited to watch nick play tonight!!
thank you for watching !
poor poor deplorable me she's so racist she's actually disgusting.democrats need to watch more judge jeanine pirro
who's racist? what are you talking about?
team... likely similar to last year.
can't believe nash is still on the team
don't be, i've lived here 40 years, &amp; manholes have blown big both by sva &amp; gramercy in my life- it's probably just coned.
i hope so. thank you for the comforting words.
i don't disagree, lots of ways people prefer to deal with music libraries, hard ux to solve. always thought spotify got the closest
i hope they both keep improving, there's nothing particularly tying me to (though smart playlists are really really great).
ohio gov creepy: kasich at obama white house for tpp push meeting
kasich has profoundly disappointed me. the defacto endorsement of obama here is outrageous. a far smaller man than i once believed
you okay? i know nyc is a damn big place, just hoping you were not near the explosion.
glad you were nowhere near. yes, scary.
that's what you people get for welcoming refuges!
what a dumbass.
indeed. everyone knows italia makes the finest fried oreos!
that was only for the cannoli! but did get the fried oreos at feast of san gennaro...
every time you rt this tweet, will see it and she will see their faces.
how are you going to make her care? they were collateral damage to her.
when you and your friend take less than an hour to agree on a netflix movie to watch
it would boy took nats and paul and i 30 minutes!! ( inherent vice - it better be good)
rumble hits hard sure, but everyone hits hard. i hit hard too. im ready to stand and bang with you rumble.
you wouldn't even stand with silva lol. playing mind games cormier.
on a more positive note, i've qualified for the redbull proving grounds! time to work even harder! i'm determined to do well at this one!
oh shit nice! congrats, bud!
eh, that's a separate conversation until it isn't. in the meantime, gimme some money
can we talk about growing the game during the 2020 lockout?
they also have 360 cameras on them and can be programmed to face detect and automatically file police reports.
and maybe honk super obnoxiously?
don lemon: it's known as a gay neighborhood but we don't know if that factored into it. real american genius right here.
not that specific area...plus, hell's kitchen is the new gayborhood. i would know - i've lived in the area 9 years now
instead of just telling the kids that their father is now watching them after school, it's another surprise?
these fucking baby boomer parents, man. think about someone else, your kids, for, like, a minute.
bart is just a hot mess on weekends with all the maintenance going on
hot mess as in people look so discombobulated
would you have voted for bernie sanders over clinton?
voting 3rd party or trump will put our country in harms way. u need to wake up. he will go back to the 50's and jim crow laws
a bit of nostalgia
see this is what happens when greninja gives up frubbles, if he still had them. this situation would have been solved early lol
i went to warped tour in 7th grade and saw them, less than jake, lit, eminem, and jimmy eat world. i was so cool.
i saw all american rejects and jimmy eat world in the same mind blowing year
| remember when won an award at the ??? guess the...
happy birthday
yeah idk if i just became more open-minded or pop music is rly in a renaissance but id say it started with daft punk - lucky
summer 2013-onward has felt like a golden age
three black men on iyanla speaking about why they don't date black women...
how is the show? i'm really curious about this season
3. a constant worry
4. [a gif] but i cannot be the only one who loves this
four hours at the salon annnnd im back
awesome! :d
apparently said "fuck soccer" at their show tonight. which would make me upset, except they stopped being relevant 15 years ago.
they're still a thing?
i'm thinking prison thinking indictments i'm thinking send her fucking ass to jail for god sakes the opinion of a dumbindian
: like your thinking.
where are you going
same town, just different house but i'm moving again in july to orange county to finish school!
number 2 nice day in atl
great smoke
just in: briefed on explosion in new york city:
new york is under attack
nypd attacked with a cleaver nj military race targeted mn multiple stabbings at a mall chelsea nyc bombing wth is happening in our country?
you know exactly what is happening, this is what obama has created and msm blames conservatives
hi would you be willing to talk to bbc radio about the explosion in manhattan?
if you mention my radio station yes
no thank you. i plan on voting for the first woman president because that would be real change and she's badass.
we all agree
i'm more wondering about whether a self-driving car would choose to kill me to stop itself from running into a group of people
if you can get 5 friends together to jump in front of it you can kill the passengers
retweeted chad schimke (): thanks charity
it's always re-tweet time!
"ma'am this is a radioactive area" "fuck off dude im posing"
honestly you are the only person who has made me want to play this game hah
was just offered molly a half block away from chelsea explosion site. proud of nyc's resiliency.
it would have been the best tylenol you ever took!
watching the sopranos for the first time, "so what, no fuckin' ziti now?" -12 year old kid
never seen it, thinking to watch it backwards
best panel at socap. "it's not magic, it's data." does publish any open datasets?
yes we share it with research partners. you can email us at info.co.uk
i asked of you to stop hiding, i screamed that youd come outside. the view you missed was beautiful but then again..
i found beauty in places outside of you.
rule for life, not only footy.
maybe they need a galaxy quest movie night.
bc there's no food here
and bc i'm way too lazy to walk to the dining hall
the second i got payed i wanted to run wild and spend it all but i gotta save
save it cause someday you can be rich
full bit of trump telling a colorado crowd a bomb went off in manhattan without any confirmation:
trump is annoying!
i hope you and everyone you know in missouri dies
today, tomorrow, toforever
find us diane keaton!
twist: i am also diane keaton. this is first wives' fight club. or where is ?
ied explosion in manhattan. the latest here: (photo/the daily beast)
this is irresponsibly bad "reporting". please be less of a fear monger and more of the journalist you pretend to be.
the codes are case sensitive so that might be it. if not please use code 'crouton' for those tasty savings.
muchas gracias! did the trick. swore i entered the code exactly as shown. blaming myopia not recognizing user error
any updates on the nyc explosion?
25 injured i think it was in a dumpster ? idk though. but i in my bed wrap up tight.
lol "from the time she graduated", she was fired from the watergate investigation for unethical violations of rules of house
you know what one wrong thing that was minor.she fought for kids rights, veterans rights. etc.
tmrws firsts: ; combining /running; taking part in a 5k since obama was elected
looking forward to tomorrow. getting to sleep early for the important fest, i mean race.
"hope is on the ballot. and fear is on the ballot too." - at dinner
yes hillary
"like the eyes of a woman, she stirs our thoughts and captures the imagination."~bj
beautiful bj. have a wonderful weekend
literally the dumbest purchase i've ever made hahahah
it's okay, just be scene again xmoshx dad
make up off... is she still pretty?
better be or she has to roll out
hell yeah, girl. get dem cinnabuns
$3 cinnabon or $45 ring? i'll take the cinnabon yo
view from apartment two blocks from ied explosion in chelsea - cop cars everywhere,but situation seems under control
watching the scene live from my window and have cnn on tv -people around here are totally calm but cnn making it look so frantic and chaotic
the good news: there aren't droves of people leaving ub stadium at the half.
our offense looks okay just not good and 3rd and shorts early in the game
friends texting me. i don't know what is going on in nyc, but i'm safe.
while safe, we are packing bags. for safety. in case we need to leave.
no bobo! i have 2 extra now. your ticket is safe. but just to be sure. please respond "applesauce, apple sauce"
i hope you know this is now making me crave applesauce so now i am going to make some right now
yes, yes she is!!!
: hilarity will sleep with anybody for a dime.
indians have the worst staring problem. i had a entire family of 5 starring at me deep into my soul for no reason while at the stop light
"hey bahty where ju going too?"
poor poor deplorable me she's so racist she's actually disgusting.democrats need to watch more judge jeanine pirro
i live in the s.bx, i come from a mixed family and my kid is a legal immigrant.
it's okay, just be scene again xmoshx dad
that was supposed to be an xd not dad
| remember when won an award at the ??? guess the...
brand new tune
i just saw the news! i'm so glad you are okay
thanks girl! i'm so glad no one was. i'm honestly shocked.
4runners are wonderful. really hated my explorer. surprised by the no on nissan. i loved my xterra.
just personal preference. i hated my old explorer too. it always back fired haha.
nowadays we gotta stay close cause of the shenanigans of others
yep, it's really a shame! but, u can't stop living
. first my premium access was revoked for two days and now my latest activity from my garmin wont sync to strava. come on, guys.
so frustrating when simple shit doesn't work
could someone tell the commander in goddamn chief a goddamn bomb just went off in nyc.
it's cute how we new yorkers go about our lives calmly, while sissy republicans from the boondocks fret about a terrorist bomb.
"beauty in life is like music, the emotional impact we feel resonates through us and brings out the best in us."~bj
absolutely true
you support muslim terror, we all know it, and your sexless life doesn't mean you can blame innocent non-muslim people.
and if it turns out not to have anything to do with religion, or muslims? what then?
no, i'm asking you, if it was hillary vs bernie, who would you have voted for?
hillary no doubt. u need to read a book about her. where do you think bernie got the money to buy his 3rd house for 600,000 dollars?
more additional baseball at no extra cost!
but you're paying with your soul
id give a whole lot to have in my apartment rn just chillin and chattin and doing whatever we feel like...
same girl miss you soooo much!!!
..... he was evicted 3 times.........
i think hed be ok without paul
forsure billy!
his name isnt billy its carlos
trust me, she's heard far worse. :)
probably from !
never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama.
that's right, anyone with a different opinion is dopey. just can't wait till this election is over so you just go away.
gilmore, trinket and flamingo d6s. plus a shiny new metal d20... &lt;3
i want a d20 ring.
'prestige film.' is that what they're calling it when it goes direct to blu-ray?
do you have any idea how rare it is that a quality film with oscar aspirations can afford me? this is a unicorn.
summer jesses and joey bearz having arguments on twitter according to joey she's not wife material go eat some more mimi's you fat bitch
how bout sucka dick cuz ur a lowlife that has nothing else better to do then talk about ppl garbage cock sucker
these fucking baby boomer parents, man. think about someone else, your kids, for, like, a minute.
it's over. i'm going to bed.
its free for the month and the game looks very interesting from the youtube videos i have seen.
honestly everyone should be using games with gold, if it interest you at all and it's free why not try it?
looks like a great day!
it was. our boys lost but played well
i only been on a plane once and it was only 1 hour ....... knap? what time .... too exciting to be on the plane
i once flew from kadena afb in okinawa to travis afb in north. calif. 14hours in a c-5 galaxy jet. noisy as hell
i think we've already witnessed some minor ones lol. i agree though. it's unfortunate, really. but she's a dick.
yeah i used to not be bothered by her on radio. then i got on here....
i know there's still a long way to go this season, but i'm so excited for the rotation next year
is going to be the same only need another staring pitcher to replace suarez
all ny please let us know if you're ok
s fave neighborhood
be careful, stay indoors
thanks...on my way home as we speak
you want to support a pedophile and the institution who praises him...lol
no you fool. i said not all psu people support him. i certainly don't. i said you were wrong to say all do
what app do you download to get the 2k face scan?
2k17 in the app store
for everyone in the area, please find a safe place off the streets to situate yourselves until all of this is under control.
to nyc players, please stay off the streets tonight. no matter what, it's important to be safe after this incident.
. it's not our country anymore, i'm afraid.
all i know is i'm not home yet, this is not where i belong
but i love session 9 and burnt offerings.
yeah, those are two of the best. session 0 is probably the best of this millennium.
trump claims new york explosion is a bomb without confirmation
even the cops are keeping thor distance from radioactive
oh nah that's a problem we gotta fix that
facts; starting with keepin' it 100?
hi deke! thanks for the follow. we're big fans of your work. sending some from dublin to san fran
thanks! i'm irish, so i need to get there one day!
thinking about all my pals in chelsea. be safe everybody.
too much crap in the world
they didn't shut down the subway line you idiots.
but also, they shut down parts of lines all the time. this is not a big deal.
duh...only low information voters would fall for that one again! the jindal scam of 2 billion in louisiana!
well now, let's see what thinks about his people - oh right;
ahhh...subway man? seeing his legs dangle between the subway and platform
yes! i've watched it so many times. powerful episode.
new york explosion leaves dozens injured
be careful tomorrow if u go.
happy to hear you enjoyed the food
i just taste it! i m french with a strong culinary culture. let me know your next events.
| remember when won an award at the ??? guess the...
brand new tune
it's very sad is refusing to acknowledge a bomb just went off in new york city because obama is speaking.
this is true! wasn't reporting on the explosion earlier. it happened in manhattan neighborhood i know well.
explosion rocks in story below live updates via
want to bet the media will spin it as a 'pipe leak'? nothing to do with four .
nyers - experienced and smart.
nothing in midtown east. sirens. but that's normal.
not approvable by congress, i'm not worried in extreme buffoonery
u r not too well informed. trump will apt. scotus &amp; if u knew anything u would know most of gop wants this stuff
loves me wins.
aren't the first 50,000 already taken? wouldn't it be ..... :)
it's just me and my bong.
could've had movie night with zach, tank and i..
death cab poll
trasatlanticism, i will fight anyone on this
stevie wonder - superstition
wow! love this dave [ ] - salute! . . .
there are auburn fans who will blame kevin steele for that 89-yard tamu td run right there. speak up now so i can unfollow you.
all on gus. we are wasting a hell of a defense
hopef citibike contributes to that, as will (is?) uber/lyft/arro etc. but bigger issue is we need better city&amp;regional transit
..so that ppl can rely on subways&amp;buses to get around city (w kids!), &amp; can visit fam for dinner in li/nj/w'chester via train
| remember when won an award at the ??? guess the...
brand new tune
don't know if this is a bomb, but remember: nyc has massively complex, aging infrastructure. vast majority of explosions aren't bombs.
the sunset park sinkhole was a local favorite.
"what should i dm him?" "hey" "no that's stupid"
update: i typed in "hey" for her &amp; now they are chatting
facts! we new yorkers we're survivors
yes, we r. our city will survive
this guy has a gf &amp;keeps snapping me so i told him to stop &amp; he told me to "go be average somewhere else"&amp;called me entitled haha i luv boys
the 1 snap he sent you was an accident, it was supposed to go to our other friend hannah. and that's all there is to the story
6. ignore those feelings and care for yourself.
7. this maybe extremely hard to do, but one day you'll see the day that you love yourself fully. don't give up.
hey ... what's the brew?
it's a some what rare one named empty
i feel very lucky that i got to see the big cindy sherman retrospect at the broad museum in la today. damn, she is wonderful.
one of the few people i was ever literally dumbstruck to meet. didn't help that she was escorted by david byrne.
i cannot stop staring at this sweet photo of my gorgeous girls.
it is ridiculously adorable
barack just told black people that they'll insult him personally if they don't vote.
i saw that &amp; cheered
in general, you want a win, of course. but isu cleaned a lot of stuff up. definitely showing improvement. loooong way to go still though.
why do we keep passing the ball behind line of scrimmage? it's a loss of yardage almost every single time
life is short, live it. love is rare, grab it. anger is bad, dump it. fear is awful, face it. memories are sweet, cherish it. unknown
wonderful steven webb. happy sunday
desperate times desperate measures / nothing ventured nothing gained
i set you up with my hairdresser, right? he's great and in union square
it's not actually like that in britain any more you know. we use showers instead x
time for a good ole fashioned blood bath?
i just witnessed a child swing from a tree and immediately get on a scooter and speed around the block i'm amazed
that child is more exciting than my entire 22 years of living.
omg ward you ok
yes thanks frequent haunt
my french is smooth until you ask me to write it out smh
smoooth as hell.
breaking: hundreds injured in following knee jerk reactions &amp; jumping to conclusions. nothing. has. been. confirmed.
my daughter lives on 29th &amp; says all us calm!
when someone at the bar asks if i put journey on the jukebox
*peter daou, staring his i-have-killed stare at a woman* someday love will find you...
not approvable by congress, i'm not worried in extreme buffoonery
you should be. it is people like you who are uninformed who will help ruin our country by letting trump win. don't you trust bernie
hilly, when you use words like unscrupulously you would do well to self examine first. the word is your mold.
it is clear that as sos you're only concern was selling favors for found. as potus the favor price gets higher.
apparently i care more about the well being of the victims of tonight than you.
difference between us is i wish it never happened. apparently ur ok with this though. for the victims.
i think all conflict can be solved with vigorous spirit fingers
my friend erik tweeted that because i apparently talk with my hands too much!
if drinks like these are where most consumers start, how could it be a bad thing to have a starting point with millions more consumers?
it's cause maybe we don't actually want to change the world through coffee. we only want to change our world.
yeah maybe channel orange? but def all the usual throwaway stuff has started feeling deeper and more accomplished
yeah we were stuck in the usher - yeah period for a long time and now pop music feels more sincere, generally speaking
you talk shit about everyone you claim to be friends with...say whatever you want bout me you just a jelous little girl
you are going off you sound so hurt chill out take a xan
i'm glad to hear that. i was worried you might still have the big metal ones.
many places still do. i cant recall what the city (nyc) uses tho. which is funny because i'm there a lot
waste and trash is the corrupt hillbeast
you are fired!!
about 's $885 million tax breaks.
what's amazing to me is that donald trump made his fortune in new york real estate when it was at its most dirty, mobbed up, and crooked.
good to hear that! enjoy the rest of your visit! xoxo
i'm back in town oct 19. let's have coffee; i want to make sure i'm up to date on what you're doing.
nah, kinda socially maladjusted, really.
i guess that doesn't have the same ring on the ol see en en
lol scary ass
i'm too cute to be locked up
got this one for 4k testing and now i'm one of those crazy 4k loving people.
how well does windows (and/or mac) dpi scale for it? that, plus my underpowered video card, are what's keeping me from 4k
i'd show you but i don't think you're into that anymore. :)
marsha may is always right even when she is wrong she is right
what type of area is ? business? clubs? hipster?
. area of the explosion is mixed: residential, stores, restaurants, offices, bars. very central &amp; busy on a saturday nite
howgr8is2day! "wheresoever you go, go with all your heart." confucius
insert famous recycled here.
7. this maybe extremely hard to do, but one day you'll see the day that you love yourself fully. don't give up.
8. you truly never know what people are going through, so please, for the love of god, do not assume people's lives.
| remember when won an award at the ??? guess the...
brand new tune
just saw news, incidence 23rd, you ok
we are ok. scary and not a lot of info, but we are ok.
ah, now that i've seen twitter: it was three avenues away, i'm fine. slept through it. suspected assclown on the loose, apparently.
...if the event occurred where i think it did, there's a construction site right there. hence: assclown.
she intends to finish the jihad obama started.
: they'll need a eider chair for her to sit in, anywhere.
confirmed it was an explosive device.
rescue paramedics on the scene
from his campaign?
or maybe the money his wife took from the university she didn't manage properly. i am not sure, just saying. everyone has faults
cnn expert on 23rd st and 6th: "a lot of artists live there. it's a real scene. really trendy." not . . . true.
hahahahahaha. yeah - best buy, home depot, olive garden, outback steakhouse...ya know, a real hip area
what's wrong with a filter, doesn't change how you look. it's used by vloggers for lighting
onision's definitely not a vlogger and his filter is clearly used to cover facial blemishes and etc.
because it's fun, and i'm petty...
initially read that as "pretty" instead of petty which would also be great
live on : nyc explosion coverage
so what do we know now, martin?
and people wonder why uber was invented in san francisco....
maybe new lower-cost housing approaches can be invented in sf, likewise..
his rallies are not only for whites though... he lets anyone of any nationality come to them.
i will get the details and send you.some woman was abused,a man was punched.protest can be handled
i just don't see any vc or anything else in my account.
shit maybe its a bug and theyll fix it hopefully but idk
hey new york friends: has anyone actually seen this prompt on facebook? i haven't.
i haven't. i'm in brooklyn but not sure if that would matter?
so a few weeks ago u were on instagram talking about unity and peace now you're trying to fight meek thru subs on the gram #??????
he even raps in the new "where is the love" video
oh my goodness. y'all, watch this clip.
"you learned that on the pole." chile!
damn so that definitely means the a train a dub too right? smh
literally everything from 34th and down is a dub
welcome to come up here. we are leaving tomorrow night. rental house is open until thursday or friday as well.
we will keep you posted. so far this isn't close, but not sure what will happen next.
developing: explosion rocks area of new york city
your an hour and half late
fake account
i'm not sure why it's still showing up for some but i deleted it already
there's plenty of options at 5. cain, blach, beede probably later in the year, even suarez is not a bad 5th starter
yeah let's hope is not cain
from his campaign?
if u truly trusted bernie i dont' know why you don't any more. what happened
spot on the nd 4th down looked about a half yard to a yard better than it should've been.
it makes up for the complete bs spot earlier in the game when kizer stretched or any of the numerous non pass interference calls
cool well instead of tweeting at a stranger give them a call and send love
thats what ive been doing the past hour and a half hun
breaking news: mass stabbing reported at minnesota mall.
crazy headline with no supporting data haphazardly flung to snap reactionaries to blame all gods but white jesus
and this is... entertainment?
to be fair, the area is near several high-profile comedy venues.
i rlly didn't know that all cows were girls until just now...
i never knew this
how about we start a conspiracy ourselves? trump's goons did this, as a fear tactic.
honestly in this political climate, that doesn't seem so far fetched. the stakes are high.
if trump handles an explosion on a chelsea corner like this, how would he handle a national security situation? pray we never have to learn.
boy have i been praying!
8. you truly never know what people are going through, so please, for the love of god, do not assume people's lives.
9. embrace your struggles in your life, they make you who they are and you learn a lot
he just won the election tonight lol
you're a moron andrew that's why u have 10 followers.
gia johns getting mad because i'm calling out her little cuz go break up some more marriages baby
oh wow u got me lowlife go find something better to do with ur life then talk about ppl
of course paul is at the party. why wouldn't he be? its not like he graduated.
it's not like we can all be pre school teachers... -paul
i like it too, it's my first choice. when i get her i'll run poll here and see which 1 wins. or i'll go by personality.
i like bambino or bambina. i'm considering depending on the sex.
hillary clinton is the only presidential candidate who really showed they care for the people of flint, michigan! she's been there!
black people shouldn't be fooled by hillary clinton google it...get educated about her
like father like daughter loving the spectre feature in the city today
love this &lt;3
what happened today with marty carswell? i see stuff about her today on my timeline? thanks
lol. read her tl. i stopped following.
get well i wish you much strength andbig hugs
hugs to you too, daniela. your fan art cheers me up. :-)
grind all day till the fam okay
have a snickers your not you when you hungry
better than yours tbh
don't get cocky, kys
my people! and god bless
everything okay? twitter bad news making it sound worse?
allll setting up for the 20th inning walk off duda homer on his 2nd ab
whoa you making the call?
i caught it a few seconds after. divided attention w/football. :d but, yes, believable he'd do that!
gooooo card!
taking a look at ticketmaster, there's $37 tickets still available for sweden vs russia tomorrow. that's pretty crazy.
there were $8 tickets for sweden / finland yesterday
yes, but kitchen closes early.
so could order food right when we get there or only drinks?
brianna, i'm sorry the passengers ahead of you are taking longer thank normal. it will be your turn shortly. *tp
actually the wait was so long because you guys couldn't figure out how to open the door
kekeke alinksy won't work here darling. you are far out of your league. ctr step it up?
that's so funny. i read trump's site keeps automatically withdrawing $ from accounts after told to stop!
i'm actually working on teaching them
oh thank gawd
'aspirations' covers more ground than jackie bradley and mookie betts.
harvey knows from awards campaigns and he has never paid talent like he's paying us. we will deliver.
bernie sanders was scammed out of a lot of votes
that is an outright lie. if you believe this there is not hope for you. bernie even denies that allegation
| remember when won an award at the ??? guess the...
brand new tune kadondo
take courage - lindy conant
incredible song! what a voice! best part, "jesus is alive"
you girls look
thanks boo!!
teams are scouting ' brian dozier in the event of an offseason trade
what's to scout? the guy is great!
8. you truly never know what people are going through, so please, for the love of god, do not assume people's lives.
9. embrace your struggles in your life, they make you who you are and you learn a lot
possible suspect being questioned in regards to ied explosion that injured 26.
why do you keep referring to it as an ied? there's zero confirmation of this
so upset over all the chaos happening today. but at least this lady is our new favorite person.
that's the best thing i've seen all day!
arrest of maureen dowd assistant at trump rally after he criticizes her is window into trump presidency: round up critics, suppress dissent.
it is terrifying all of this...
i am surprised only 75% think canelo is gonna' win.
oleksandr usyk won the wbo cruiserweight title today with a dominant decision over kryzsztof glowacki.
heard you and riddle had fun. good stuff. now get your ass to asap big man.
trust me, i c all ure posts and get jealous, you have a g8 thing going on up there, keep up da great work!
stanford has no intention of even pretending like it's going to throw the ball anymore.
beware the play action to taboada or schultz.
edu folks: wouldn't it be cool if u.s. kids could ride unicycles during recess? spotted at tokyo elementary school
apparently unicycles are inexplicably popular among girls in middle school in japan.
a lot of people are having this exchange right now
texted mom and bro. no response. gonna drown myself in jameson
did something happen?
explosion at 23rd and 6th
watch: donald trump cut off and admonished by a pastor in flint, michigan
black people shouldn't be fooled by hillary clinton google it and get educated....find the u tube that blacks shld heel!
what the hell is going on in nyc
i don't feel safe anywhere tbh
this was the view from the hotel this morning. very happy decided to propose in maui.
congratulations to the two of you.
thanks to us/korea bilateral free trade, musicians can appropriate in both directions! listen to supa solo by g.na.
if the us were in a horrible nuclear conflagration due to a donald trump presidency, the rest of the world's pop music will have to suffice.
is this our friendship?! your only means of contacting me is on twitter!?!?
i looked for you before i left. i don't know your schedule, so i figured u weren't working tonight
you know the giants' org, cain's gonna get the first crack
yeah most likely he will
glad to hear you're okay. sitting here w/ rob and kim, and we were thinking of our "nyc friends" ;)
:-). pressing problem here: getting outside before she...nope, too slow, too late. argh. and jetlag.
typical penn st person...can't defend their stance resort to name-calling. see ya!
no, you misread or didn't understand what i said. it was measured in tone. you are the one trying to
timeless 556 ~sns~
always a good time to have one
| his video was the first video to play on mtv base, guess the song? happy...
you're african queen
more like, donald trump or the death of the republic?
what a great well-written study. publius mus lives again !
i guess i can just recycle my old tweets.
he is so cute i love him.
working at bevmo, i judge what everyone drinks like, stop tryna flex that $22 bottle of sparkling wine. it ain't champagne
sparkling wine &amp; champagne still fuck you up tho!
ya but we're talkinf about ciara ciarea and gabi r two different people
it doesn't matter. chad didn't even cheat when abigail was in the hospital and alive.
you just freaked me out retweeting that guy... he legit stalked me at lsu
my bad! idk even know who that is
will you cheer or kind of smugly grin when it's confirmed it's a muslim attack?
explosion was ten blocks away. glad my kids and friends are safe. not cheering, not smug. but why blame anyone without proof?
it's crazy to think about how this team doesn't include benn or seguin.
only worrisome thing for me is their d. it's a bit weaker than usual and sweden's blueline is scary
harrah's had 5 of their tvs off in the sports book.
that's a first i've heard that. usually they have them all on, especially with post season creeping up.
japanese defense minister meets secretary ash carter during washington visit
wrong man for the job-weak, just like everyone and everything in obama's sloppy administration
so d mun eh knowingly focking me with his gf?
that's what i saying dawgs, like :sssss
lmaoo wasssupppp what they got there
sandwhiches burgers salads etc.
on the scene in chelsea. nypd officer confirmed there are injured. said they are reviewing video to find culprit.
air loud with helicopters. most recent officers said they have as much info as the media
"the fact (dilfer) says, 'you are a backup qb, stay in your place.' that's an issue.
's mouthpiece should shut up and kiss raven's ray lewis ass for his sb ring
explosion in is being attributed to an underground transformer ~ not a bomb. stop panicking
do you see what &amp; have done to this country we now live in fear. 2 biggest mistakes in history
: what do you think of the idea of automating instagram liking?
never automate! we all agree
i feel like im the only person who likes the movie shutter island
i got your back on that one barry. i enjoyed it
can you play for more than one map?
bot me lmaoo but gg
drink. heavily
already one pitcher down
gonna be cool hearing from people 100s/1000s of miles away clamoring to deport all muslims over this bomb 4 blocks from my office.
was it 100% sure a bomb?
many people are calling to congratulate me on the explosion. i don't want congrats, but remember - i called it before anyone!
i can't believe that anyone is as narcissistic &amp; uncaring as you . we don't know yet what happened in , but you do.
lol i was trying to close the cap but then it jammed up and slipped off the counter... right onto me
likely story.
manhattan: 135 west 37 st. u/d; suspicious device found at location. nypd bomb squad on scene investigating.
can you confirm second location 27th or 37th please ? thanks !
sucks when you can count the number of people that support you on one hand
at least i'm one of them!!
9. embrace your struggles in your life, they make you who you are and you learn a lot
10. no matter how crazy people's passion are, &amp; how crazy their passions make them... there is beauty in all that.
wtf is going on in the world
way too much hatred
let me ask you about your views on policy
ok i am open to any questions you may have. i am looking at the long consequences of a trump presidency.
fucking ghoul.
parody of a ghoul!
i'm about to go on in sacramento--the brains of the whole california operation.
so close but yet so far. when will you be in s.f.?
hard to tell under the orange, but i think trump blushes when he's dressed down by the pastor for bashing hillary
black people shouldn't be fooled by hillary clinton google it and get an education. watch video where she said blacks shld heel
byron buxton solo homer vs. hansel robles. 2, 1, top 11
team is so predictable
why has changed? the old trump that is admired by his followers would campaign on these expositions
-did trump report this before or after the explosion?
are you and everyone you know safe?
yes, all is ok.
it does picture in picture too, which is super handy for having a devkit in the corner window at 1080p shrunk down.
ah, that's super cool!
was there a tim horton's ad in the corner there? ryan o'reilly charged in there like there was one...
lol referred to him as "mr. tim horton's" and i cannot not call him that permanently now.
what a catch
thanks boo
he is one sick fuck, &amp; those that "called to congratulate" him on a thing like this....they're deplorables.
lol. that's a fake account. not that i doubt isn't giddy with the news 25+ people were hurt.
wait, i thought only people of color were being arrested for trafficking heroin in maine?
shifty and smoothy at home tonight.....
ya but we're talkinf about ciara ciarea and gabi r two different people
i really don't see how her being ''dead'' would make a difference. especially this soon.
well, something exploded in a garbage can. that is certain. no one knows what it was yet though.
yup, 'something blew up a dumpster &amp; injured 20-30 folks' is all we know now. no evidence of terror attack.
it feels like something's changed,
yes. significant input from publisher (who hears readers, to his credit), plus blatant attack by trump.
really wishing the squad was all home so we could chill and roast eachother
bro we'll be back tomorrow, i promise not to leave you ever again
and another set thru the dreadwyrm lord! t13 down again.
niiiice! grats to all those who cleared
one of my favorites.
both of you were amazing and it was one of my favorite episodes
stay safe out there my brother.
thanks bro. i'm good at home with the fam.
video: pastor at flint michigan church interrupts trump for criticizing hillary clinton...
black people shouldn't be fooled by hillary clinton google it and get some real info...
amen, but it's a parody account. denald trump, not donald.
already deleted the quote. thanks! friend sent to me and i wrote without looking at handle
why did the tack a final paragraph on the explosion article about what trump tweeted? who cares?
bc if he were president of the us and announcing bomb w/out confirmation that would be a fucking disaster
i don't know if he's guilty. there isn't enough evidence so far.
i believe he is. he good at covering up
10. no matter how crazy people's passion are, &amp; how crazy their passions make them... there is beauty in all that.
11. i find this absolutely adorable. imagine someone talking about you like that? i'm such a hopeless romantic!!
like im concerned w/ these childish ass niggas. complaining about our body but still can't seem to find the clit.
plus how many women have that severe of stretch marks?
...if the event occurred where i think it did, there's a construction site right there. hence: assclown.
...note: while all terrorists are assclowns, not all assclowns are terrorists.
it was so good i just saw it tonight too i can't recommend it enough
i loved it!! even better than i expected
helton is currently calculating the exact moment when he will be fired later this season.
we need him signed to a mora-like extension so the can continue indefinitely
lol worse than yeah was the omg/pitbull/kesha period
yeah kesha was like the act for a lil bit lol
fence-sitting piece of shit won't say which member of 's he likes best cuz he likes aqours better
are you blocked yet?
have fun supporting a pedophile like you and your friends do! says alot about you
retread what you wrote and my response. i said not everyone supports what joe and psu did. i certainly don't.
invariably, these were people who didn't know wine, but knew how to throw money at people to help impress friends. conspicuous consumers.
my relationship with wine never progressed beyond going shopping as a child &amp; wanting to buy all the coolest bottles
let's not anybody rush to judgment but i'm gonna go ahead &amp; say muslims. any other wild guesses as to who attacked us today?
looks like a test run, with all the world leaders to be in nyc next week for the un symposium
oh so this is gonna be a real great night
robles is the max browne of relievers
tomorrow is sunday
sunday is for the boys!
thats where everyone plays ball at omg
why do u gotta type in caps bradley
i think is a hipster trap where people stand in line but never get ice cream. like a psych experiment.
update on most progress in 10 minutes: a dozen hipsters gave up and left.
i almost got fooled by it earlier lol it's tricky when in a hurry :)
yeah i'm helping write a script for a story in the back of a cab
just heckin say it whenever
perfect response
need to score in the bottom of the 11th. robles has to keep it at that
lol mets aren't coming back
"hey fam, are you going for ?" cop tixsss &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
brand new tune
time is running out: ask clinton &amp; trump for their plan to address our $19 trillion debt in the upcoming debate.
trump is a liar. can't believe a word he says
if the us were in a horrible nuclear conflagration due to a donald trump presidency, the rest of the world's pop music will have to suffice.
as someone who grew up near la, heart of the commercial music industry, i don't know if our quality standards are up to the south koreans.
fdny live radio feed is a must-listen right now!
actually, it is saying nothing useful at the moment, but not as stupid as the donald taking credit for something mindless
yes, yes she is!!!
: "that's my dime your standing on rag head. give it up or i order a drone strike.
i feel sorry that josephine keeps ripping off daphne. he takes her flowers, he takes the bracelet...
his overcoat!
stanford has no intention of even pretending like it's going to throw the ball anymore.
thou speaketh too soon youngling
my assumption from this is you are o.k.?
yeah! nothing unusual happening, everyone is very calm.
do you believe in federal or local education?
i am a former professor, retired. i believe it needs a combination. i do think we need the dept. of education. here's my problem
awww don't be so mad. hillary never used let's say flint michigan for a publicity stunt. no she didn't do that
black people shouldn't be fooled by hillary clinton google it....u will be educated
i'm always here to talk princess, please text me
ilysm honestly
all across the bumfuck flyover states of this great nation podunk morons are getting ready for the terrorists to hit the local 5 and dime.
this becomes relevant again unfortunately
yes thanks frequent haunt
ours too . just awful
i was watching at amc in times square- got to about 70min, lights turned on "major crisis, evacuate the building"
lot of smoke/apparent fire in the building/seems like everyones okay. thrilling interruption/ reactive thought: ?
...note: while all terrorists are assclowns, not all assclowns are terrorists.
...thus, based on absolutely no information at all and wildly speculating, this feels like the act of an assclown.
do you think frank really believes that islam can reform?
yes, he gushes over jasser and not so over wilders. want to see the video?
plz remember i was the first person to ever say noah brown would be good. nobody said this before me.
my college roommate is from sparta, nj, you still beat him to it
you don't care about your family or friends. you'll support more muslim attacks by just doing nothing. you're disgusting.
they are far more likely - statistically - to be killed by christians - what are you doing to protect us from them?
do you think frank really believes that islam can reform?
he thinks muslims are part of the answer.
i wouldn't mind suarez as our 5th starter at all. only like 1 or 2 bad games.
yeah has done good this season
perhaps but it's still easy to trust in a blueline that includes doughty, weber, burns, pietrangelo
definitely - it's still world class. i just hope someone gives canada a run otherwise this tournament = \_()_/
i can't speak for obama, he hasn't ended his presidency and it has yet to be fully analyzed
with allowing kids to choose where they go. if you allow kids to go anywhere what do you do with those who don't want to go but
i hope you and the family are safe and sound.
we are! thank you for thinking of us! so sweet!!
why is hillary hiding her serious medical conditions
shld've disclosed pneumonia,but much more transparent than obese faker
trump has now maligned colin powell, bob gates, gen. john allen, the fbi, the cia, doj, the fed, and the military...
its anyone who doesnt think he is the best of the best magnified
management of private companies can change the rules at their discretion. best not to impose political commentary on jersey day.
how was it political commentary? it's a nfl jersey on nfl jersey day. the nfl is promoting the jersey on the store's website.
thx 4 clips. can a grad w/honors really be this stupid!? 4 women's sake, wave your smart flag gretchen!
yay! 2 yrs later finally waved her smart flag. too bad she blocked me 4 it.
i'll give this stuff to someone else don't worry sure they will appreciate it
can you stop with the attitude
predictable meltdown after a bad day. this is why national security officials fear his presidency. he's unstable.
can't handle the job. has shown leadership &amp; strength time after time
they can't tell if it was a firecracker or something heavier?
who knows, i just can't understand the media.
i'm so fucking proud of you right now!
thank you!!!
those are nice, not for a german shep though, maybe for a little terrier.
i had a cocker spaniel mixed breed her name was sasha fierce
ooh no is a d cause z can be -12
me realise man
i couldn't watch the full video .. that's so disturbing
i'm sitting here trying to figure out how i'm supposed to get past this. i'm fucking shocked.
not at all. very happy.
just seemed w/ all the other insults ur hurling, seemed so. btw if not for obama policy there'd be no ford to complain about
i'm actually so scared for my audition tomorrow...ughhhhh
you'll kill it
if this isn't the hottest thing i've seen ....like ever
lol i'm not eating until monday
it seems there were several first team players who weren't exactly overjoyed to be playing for koeman.
hate say it - look at the results. by all accounts everton players enjoyed martinez regime
with all due respect to folks and volunteers, this is why we haven't submitted since the first year. coffee deserves better.
don't look at me-- i'm judging gfa chocolate.
well, something exploded in a garbage can. that is certain. no one knows what it was yet though.
fyi: bomb squad advising an hour ago no evidence of secondary device(s).
as someone who grew up near la, heart of the commercial music industry, i don't know if our quality standards are up to the south koreans.
they're definitely a formidable cultural wave. one that i appreciate.
i can't speak for obama, he hasn't ended his presidency and it has yet to be fully analyzed
there is no room at the better schools. someone has to stay at bad schools and this isn't fair. we need to fix the schools not leave
hey are you guys ok?? just saw this!!
we r ok.thank u. we were just there. on 23rd&amp;5th. crazy! and the un is happening.
the trash boy
holy smokes, that hat.
why are you like this
you don't understand the meme
wrapped around your finger
get to 22 seconds it's i cant
these guys will be going out on the block this upcoming week! ^_^
gorgeous!!!!!
watch my interview with !
hopefully they will find a way to bring him back. nice interview!
msm offering conflicting narrative on hillary's briefing
just heard.... 6 blocks from chelsea's apartment...
yes. have i ever had a false claim?
lmao nah you right you right
maybe everyone's standards get higher when all the popular music seems to have raised its game? when weeknd is makin pop
yeah. its like actually talented musicians decided to start making arena music all at the same time.
lunch breaks should be an hour minimum
ours is 30 minutes only :( sigh.....
...thus, based on absolutely no information at all and wildly speculating, this feels like the act of an assclown.
...i'd make more wildly uninformed speculation but i have a dog to clean up after, again.
if you don't know how to twerk you have to create the illusion that you do know
how do you create that illusion? lol
yes we're fine. reports say 25 people injured, might've been some sort of device that went off in a dumpster.
y'all be careful
jane goodall says donald trump reminds her of how chimpanzees act to get attention
oh shut up already. obama has let so many anti american here. go kiss his ass...literally
ours too . just awful
. scary also pipe bombs nj
wow ....... ya would be noicy &lt;hug&gt; ........... had a good book to read?
yea. aircrew let me walk down to cargo hold. they were transporting 2 m-2 bradley infantry fighting vehicles.
it was the kinda nap i was struggling to wake up from cause i thought this might be how i die.
killed... by the golfing channel?
you hate your family because of your support of muslim terror.
you hate your family because of your support of christian terror.
saw 2nd preview tonight of where did we sit on the bus - congrats to brian quijada!! a must see show!!! don't miss it!!
saw it tonight!! so good!!!
haha same! my fingers are crossed for a canada north america final. i think that'll be sweet
that would be unreal haha. i'd honestly be fine if team na won that
come to the upper east side
we don't do manhattan. not tonight anyway. but maybe next week.
everyone was there 25 30 guys but everyone ran
everyone left scary
excerpt from a poem written on the train
this is so sad
we also saw some california sea hares which look a lot like a still-beating human heart looking for a new home.
ooooooh i want coordinates. was talking to a friend about hugging a sea hare.
okay, i see what you meant. ied is mere conjecture, but i have a propensity toward rting fellow deplorables like :)
&lt;grin/&gt; some ppl got way ahead of the reported facts on this one, and quickly.
this is messed up but what if the good music freemasons fucked up her label situation for the good of pop culture?
lollll well they went about it in the most destructive way possible i guess
it's 2016. women deserve equal pay. add your name if you agree!
whoa, wait a minute! you pay women 35% less then the men in your organization for doing the same job. reality check!!!!!!
with allowing kids to choose where they go. if you allow kids to go anywhere what do you do with those who don't want to go but
because people move so much today we need some national standards, but i think we need a lot of improvement. i tutor math * english
i still remember going into hmv and asking for their 1st album. the employee's disdain hurts me to this day (i didn't buy it).
i actually sort of enjoyed the movie. gil norton and whigfield jokes!
check out the music app ecoute, lets you rate songs with the 5-star system again:
does it sync those ratings back into itunes?
you can make custom jump shots in 2k17 it's littttttttttttt
i'm just tryna change my release to quick
brown is going nuts tonight!
i need the vine of the catch sap
i'm in the worst mood ever rn
i hate everything and everyone and i wanna die and every little thing rn is annoying the fuck out of me..what's wrong w me?
ny people are you ok?
yeah i'm good! was just doing sorority recruitment
who were the andersen brothers, and why did you feel the need to cook them? are you a cannibal or something? ;)
they are particularly noted for their succulence.
23rd and 6th is a place i frequent
i'm on 21st and park babysitting. i can hear everything!!! crazy
the skill i wish to further develop in 2017: curriculum development.
1. download forms 2. pound head on desk (but seriously, awesome! good luck!)
that's my 2nd home!
close to your hood
probably ou because when we tapped bama's ass at the sugar bowl
always ohio state. always. this is one those times i'm rooting for oklahoma. bitter.
thanks to my top interactors! via
enjoy the weekend
anyone else use to stare at this racist
are you talking about trump?
indeed it is tim! i wasn't sure at first about him being but now i can't imagine him not being him!
sean was the best though. goldfinger is my personal fav
it is extremely good bad
it is for sure the height of fantastic terrible.
if the press pursued trumps taxes with the same zeal they used for hrc's e mails trump would be 20 points behind
we need to pound the drum! mr. trump if you have nothing to hide, produce your taxes!
i don't know what i did to deserve this but my girlfriend just made us a blueberry pancake breakfast &amp; it's amazing.
"butter-flavored syrup"? perhaps you should reconsider.
just heard about an explosion in manhattan, i was just wondering if everything is ok with you guys??
we are all good thank you for asking
know my new york buddies are hanging tough, but hoping they stay safe anyhow.
i was there, after initial explosion, cops showed in like 2 min. the area is very chill, and no chaos.
sadly, puns becoming acceptable ruined this for me. so many terrible wines with great labels now.
you're basically paying way too much for some really cool label design or glass working, should cut out the middle man
you should try the wilkinson brothers famous junior bacon cheeseburgers cc
i would love to!
i found beauty in places outside of you.
and so help me god the sun refused to set till i was finally with you.
i think for now they're just running with delays. i just got off the r train.
ah ok thanks!
5 more moths until i can leave this freaking place.
i hope moths go extinct so you can't leave
the turtle is nature's most ferocious predator.
are you gonna be on dancing with the stars next season?
then do the right thing and mail my cds
mail my cd's to me
pyrocynical is lyfe
agreed he's awesome but it's weird when a guy looks like a lesbian girl.
are you bowling?
nope. tom bowling on debra mules team.
wait....that's not....isnt that it??
this was me earlier this week lmao
we ask that you remain vigilant. be aware of your surroundings. if you see something, say something (888)nyc-safe
amen, no one killed
with allowing kids to choose where they go. if you allow kids to go anywhere what do you do with those who don't want to go but
i do this at my local school to help kids who are behind get the help they need, without federal funding &amp; standards there will be
putin refuses to use email for just that reason.... can never be 100% secure.
what about putin's cronies? no leaks??? bullshit!
i didn't see one even with blurred vision lol
refs were trash
i wish you the very same.
a little beauty
there is only this moment. life is always now. your entire life unfolds in this constant now. ~ eckhart tolle
beautiful. happy sunday
do they think the chelsea thing is connected to new jersey earlier?
funny, per se, how they're both relatively away from significant/densely populated areas (i.e. the san gennaro festival)
assad is so civilized! he wears suits and speaks softly as he bombs civilians and hospitals.
this guy has to go
my family and loved ones won't mind if i just like, went in a bunker and worked on vr stuff for like 2yrs right?
cause like, i got a lotta ideas but i need a live in a bunker amount of time to do them
best catch ever?
prothro was just as good. twice.
sounds creepy stay safe
we're tryingggg
lot of smoke/apparent fire in the building/seems like everyones okay. thrilling interruption/ reactive thought: ?
we'll dl &amp; finish at home. your performance is so good. thank you for helping tell the story!
great. miss that upstate air, steamed clams &amp; you, but otherwise, good.
one day must reconvene! glad all is ok
i found beauty in places outside of you.
and so help me god the sun refused to set till i was finally with you.
you should watch the video on this page. but you need headphones to truly appreciate it.
i didn't know what i was expecting but it wasn't that
why is it bye
cause i need to stay away from him sis
assad is so civilized! he wears suits and speaks softly as he bombs civilians and hospitals.
i thought there was a cease fire
okay let me get right on that.
is there a name for all these nasty rude people on twitter?
rick came out of a vagina, but is completely oblivious.
what? what's the subject matter, bardgal? ...the vulnerability &amp; wisdom viaginas? help me out...
[impulsive meditation] *...only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go...* -four quartets
[stream of consciousness] *if a free society can't help the many who are poor, it can't save the few who are rich.* -moonshot
you should try putting a garbage bag over face now
put one over your personality, jace
god sent the promised messiah to change the ummah. we are just spreading his message of peace.
like the ahmadis did in india? ingrates and backstabbers.
fox is falling all over itself to explain away what is going on in new york with the explosion, as construction. the media is all garbage.
best reporting is to say "we don't know as of yet ..." but media all try to announce "first reported here."
what it's really like using 'airpods' - apple's $159 wireless headphones for the
you can get great bluetooth plug for $20 on groupon
at versailles restaurant in miami. we're enjoying the cuisine...
you $&amp;#%!!
should we not have schools that cater to those of higher intelligence than the average student?
no we definitely should. but we can do that within regular schools or we can have a couple like that. we have honor classes in schl
i need help. i don't know what makeup look to do for tonight
i gotta walk in the room and be the baddest bitch, ya feel?
someone i haven't talked to in years just messaged me and said "i have a muscular chinese boyfriend now, too." i have no idea why he did.
i haven't had a boyfriend that was a) chinese or b) muscular so i don't know what he was getting at. white guys, what are we doing here?
what's all this about explosions?
explosion down in nyc.
rick came out of a vagina, but is completely oblivious.
what? what's the subject matter, bardgal? ...the vulnerability &amp; wisdom of viaginas? help me out...
don lemon keeps saying this is a "gay enclave."
far from a "gay enclave" - out of touch with things as usual.
this is a fake trump account, satire....
yeah, if it was the real donald, there would have been a call for a muslim ban.
the next level of hysteria would be "wmd found in w. 23rd street trash can"!
hehe, truth! 'concealed nyc dumpster base destroyed in dprk missile test'
another one?
maybe. there are a lot of somali in minnesota.
hurt? little girl go grab some more g and get taken from an ap in a stretcher and drink again at 9am
u take such good care of me
do they think the chelsea thing is connected to new jersey earlier?
it has the feel of either lack of coordination or else a threat of larger potential, but mostly lack of coordination
notice as soon as we hear about the explosion in nyc, trump addresses it. where's hillary? she still hasn't commented manhattan
is looking for a law-abiding white conservative to blame.
narratives from those in high places have consequences.
- awful consequences of all the anti-cop rhetoric
just changed my photo to this nifty speed racer version of myself. lol
- love it! and love what you're doing....much admiration....
denald? who's denald?
yeah, if it was the real donald, there would have been a call for a muslim ban.
women. already have equal pay, it's called the equal pay act
did you forget that laws dont apply to this bitch.
been teaching. what happened? glad you guys are ok. must look online. my friend, you have me very worried.
there was an explosion. undetermined. 23rd street. getting a lot of people checking in. thanks for your love.
no, no dying for me. i'll be in the library drinking fiji water
my nigga whats wit this u not drinking anything..smh
please stay safe everyone.
you too. god bless
was actually in sky city for real! out'freakin'standing! hope you enjoyed the oven bread w/pasole! ('.
i've been there many times, a mythic place that never leaves my memories.
people in the crowd and on mma twitter are shitting on this fight and proving they are stupid. this has been awesome!
fights keep ending in awesome submissions that everyone applauds and they still boo the grappling
when everyone kats on u :(
text me then!
be safe. bae wth??? crazy, sad world for my grand babies to grow up in. things sure have changed!
i know, right? seaside really threw me for a loop this morning.
lol. what the fuck is wrong with corey feldman?
wasn't it amazing
son this nigga on the train keep picking flakes out his hair and flicking em...
aint no way u on the train
god sent the promised messiah to change the ummah. we are just spreading his message of peace.
that is why other muslims slaughter the ahmadis. smarten up.
breaking: none of you know anything about what caused the explosion in chelsea.
breaking: let's use common sense and odds!
sibongile mlambo: zimbabwean-born actress stars in 'honey 3' &gt;
brand new tune
what is the pic saying?
all smooshy smiles when adoree is adoree-ing!!
"former gay enclave, now overrun with investment bankers and their spawn"?
"former working class 'hood, turned gay enclave, now overrun with investment bankers and their spawn"?
republicans across country should be forced to say whether they are ok with trump's comments inciting violence against hillary clinton
that + his racist remarks should be the question to every surrogate. maher gets it!
fuck, i am not even leaving my home until i go to work on monday.
yeah, but it's exactly what the banksters want,so go out instead or better dont tell them anything:)
guest on cnn just told lemon that blacks don't like hillary but they need to vote for her cuz she's white extension of obama. (paraphrase)
black people shouldn't be fooled by hillary clinton
noticed something interesting on the halo risk game board
gensis? and the domain?
ever since i updated my iphone operating system i have a hard time typing and am constantly misspelling words? what has changed?
didn't you know, ? we lose at least 10 iq points with every update
trump campaign now promoting itself as an uprising of racists, sexists, homophobes and xenophobes
you shouldn't be proud of being a racist that's deployable.
hmmm...alone &amp; housebound after er stint for vertigo &amp; bit creeped out by so many sirens in midtown .
. hope you are ok. lots of sirens earlier along 14th st but now pretty much normal sat nite.
don lemon referred to chelsea as a "gay enclave" that's "being gentrified" because this happened in 2003.
gay enclave is my new porn name, ps
at levi waiting for queen bey concert at a suite seat!!
have tons of fun!!
yes!!! the only two qbs we've had worth anything were transfers
basically any good qb under les miles didn't spend their first two years with him. russell, flynn, mett and now etling
saturdays are for satc marathons
i love that damn show.
are you making fun of daddy ?
i know i'm not masculine looking but at least i don't look that feminine :o i like pyro but this is just funny.
people listening to scanners have been saying 27
thanks ! appreciate -
bullshit foodie game but at least my plates are almost full
...why do you hate me.
so many reasons to quit. the amount stardust needed for minimal cp gains was one.
yeah it is slow progress, plus 3k for one damn candy?
unbelievable: mets have been 9 games over .500 8 times this season. so far they have failed to win next game. 2, 1, mid-11
and they will lose tomorrow with that scrub ynoa going
anna and i were at union square earlier getting groceries! had no idea anything was even happening.
there's still tons of sirens and helicopters. i'm hoping to hear it was an accident.
oh spare us your sensitivity - you fanatics are the most toxic people.
again with the name calling!
trash ass stadium.
dont be a hater girl lol
okay boof sing that shittt, what's next
the same thing lol
national standards are ok, but i think having the fed extremely involved in molding takes away from every students unique needs
yes 2 some extent i agree but also without federal regs many kids were left behind cuz some schools felt they didnt need 2 acomodate
our housewarming ice cream cake
...is that....hitler
you being a savage britt?!?! i meant a girl in a relationship!
i was being serious? what do you mean lol
(on our way for both of you to join us! )
arrrrgh matey!
...not because they had spare capacity. believe me, retail needs that capacity!
you're right. "..within 2 months after launch aws..burned through excess amazon capacity."
just gonna be a hater your whole life huh? rt : it was an ok catch
osu won't let me on buckeyelink so until i finish these loans f yes. f them.
shld've disclosed pneumonia,but much more transparent than obese faker
day daffy dr sez had colonoscopy,obese crap-eater tweeted all day. .
god sent the promised messiah to change the ummah. we are just spreading his message of peace.
lashings, forced dominance, sex slavery, and crucifixions are not acts of peace. seek help.
yes, sometime when the snow is not too deep? :-)
do not blame you .. plenty of time lol
probably me. becky &amp; i have a video of us doing it on youtube, 30,000 views and comments about my cameltoe
send the link or i swear i'll find a picture of you in 6th grade to post.
"children will teach themselves to read when they're ready" yeh, right; the world will just wait
also potty training, math, making the bed. just leave them be. ;)
just tried to kill a fly by throwing a mason jar at it from across the room. can you guess what happened next?
you caught it???
on either side: when your thoughts are "oh boy, there was an explosion in nyc...time to get my political opinion across"
it's shocking to me how much this is happening
think of my narration as a text adventure
you're like the morgan freeman of pxp twitter coverage
breaking: none of you know anything about what caused the explosion in chelsea.
seaside park, nj &amp; charlottesville mall, va. two other locations where devices exploded and others were found.
im just hoping the field implodes
listen. i am a houston alum. we have grudges.
did it have virtual cockpit? some recent audis have it and it's
i think that started in 2016 or 17 bc this one didn't have it and felt really dated tho it was 2015. yea, looks fresh!
trash ass stadium.
lol im all in your business
leaving robles in wasn't rolling the dice. it was reaching for the dealer's chip pile and trying to flee the casino.
what was the next option? henderson? score more than 1 against a bunch 5 era relievers.
you're in pr. it's all about the spin. kid wasn't "wiping out." no, it was an "action shot." *nods*
there were many action shots during that adventure.
i was being serious? what do you mean lol
i didn't even realize you tweeted that omg
did i just see bobby roode enter via roomba?
when was this?
so where did you run off to? never heard back from you!
yea, i am just so frightened of you. lol get over yourself.
thank-you melinda(^_^) good morning &amp; happy sunday
good morning to youon my way to bed 10:51pm...lol enjoy your sunday
happy constitution day!
absolutely the best man made document ever written!
reposting peak trump on profanity, "hell" and mosquitos because i'm feeling existential tonight:
was he speaking to a kindergarten class?
is oj: made in america the year's best movie or the year's best tv show?
the year's best thing
national standards are ok, but i think having the fed extremely involved in molding takes away from every students unique needs
i think we need to work on changing a lot of things with education. we need to move to an age where skills for new economy r taught
is that a valid catch?
absolutely. controlled it on his back. ball never moves.
donald trump tells his supporters a "bomb went off in new york"
oh no....trumptower?
what was the next option? henderson? score more than 1 against a bunch 5 era relievers.
sets up jay bruce game winner
i'd entirely forgotten about the doonesbury musical.
i saw it and enjoyed it. memorable scene of uncle duke fighting with invisible bats.
wishing you all a wonderful weekend. may it be everything you hope and wish for. pic s lambertini
may yours be wonderful dear friend
'after today airstrikes we come to terrifying conclusion for entire world: us defends isis' - russian fm spokeswoman
this is so not news
what i'm saying is that you could also read it as spreading the knowledge of that equity (diffusely) to millions of new people
how are the majority of the products on the shelf communicating a different message this:
they're definitely a formidable cultural wave. one that i appreciate.
super smooth . listen to my love (feat. swings) by ailee on .
don't say that to my friend
sorry sorry
someone's moving in upstairs, who could it be
babies and gorillas?
donald trump tells his supporters a "bomb went off in new york"
he will sensationalize anything if it brings him attention
.'s shocking investigation of claims of voter and election fraud across the country.
: those involved in voter fraud should gdt a minium of 10 years in jail.
send the link or i swear i'll find a picture of you in 6th grade to post.
better yet i'll take you to another tyler perry movie on $5 movie monday.
i'm trying to get the same treatment
girl i was asking cause homeboy trynna treat rn lol
the one in va was an underground transformer, not a bomb
that's good. so just 2 then.
explosions are not the same thing as bombs. at the time trump made his claim, no confirmation of a bomb.
bomb or explosion, instantly sensationalizes with no regard to public safety ...
this was one of those pointless tweets you see sometimes you feel me
u right but idc :)
it's just stream of consciousness, no need to feel like you *need* to keep up, just reset!
yeah there is no way i'm keeping up with twitter. just popping in here and there.
great!! pretty girls! look the master!
yeah, he's the king of the kings. un comparable! the best!
i've seen tweets from &amp; saying that's near their homes. so startup founders, not hedgies
honestly, like many ny neighborhoods downtown it's a mix of all kinds of folks!
might make an atm withdrawal on
a lot of deserving teams
what &amp; who are you responding to???
yeah, if it was the real donald, there would have been a call for a muslim ban.
if i typo fucking, my phone corrects to fucking. every time. no idea how to fix. anyone?
i use swiftkey so if i hold the prediction i can select "never predict again."
pretty much
i'm more concerned why there is a river under b'way in front of our building...
it doesn't have to be a live feed.
and now it may not be for a while. tie game.
don't you dare boo. you have know idea how taxing that is or the level they are at!!!
that's why they boo because they have no idea lol.
.: clinton first presidential candidate proposing to abolish our borders
wow! abolish our borders? insane!
hillary is liability to national safety &amp; security.
you are a danger to our future "drumph"
ieds exploded in nyc ??
yes mad traffic going in and outta the city
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
fook off!!!
u dont even watch chopped u poser bitch
please chill wow it was a nice tweet i hate you
try not to sound so giddy about it, tennessee gop.
evidently a transformer blew. they do that spontaneously from time to time. no bomb; no ied.
the grass withereth, the flower fadeth: but the word of our god shall stand for ever. isaiah 40:8 kjv
heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away. mathew 24:35 kjv
i'm psychic. i know everything. you're going to eat chicken tomorrow.
you're wrong. i'm a vegetarian. but good luck with the rest.
real trump, at site of irl terror attack: "see? i said this would happen! i did nothing to stop it, but i said so!"
-but not before the explosion, i assume? what does he mean he "did nothing to stop it"?
sibongile mlambo: zimbabwean-born actress stars in 'honey 3' &gt;
brand new tune
beat me to it. well done.
she pulled the "do you know who i am?" on a fast food worker. harassed the counter help. she's a cunt.
yes, but unfortunately it's never going to stop and that's the sad part of this world we live in now
that is what makes this even more sad, that things like this will never end.
we want equal pay to what crooked gets. $250k for a 30 minute speech. where do we sign up?
no such job. the speech is to cover up the bribe for favors.
always shits the bed in big spots
very true! grandy baby!
how do you middle children see yourself as? i can't pinpoint my feelings into a picture
if u were wondering, this is for creative writing but i don't know what to put in that last box
aren't buses part of muni?
not school buses, cut in 2011 w/promise poor kids could access schools on muni buses.
florida's 53 yards allowed v. north texas the lowest total allowed by a uf defense in school history.
grandy homer!
there romance starts here i think jatalie in london room - july 4th via
i think she knew when they were at the pool table
i feel so fucking blessed right now. a lot of things have been happening that have made me question whether or not i'm a good person.
happy for you!!
and meat cleaver attack on nypd .
bad things happen all the time. this was an isolated incident. it wasn't part of a larger conspiracy. try again.
this will be u
why can i relate to multiple of these strange addictions
yes. or: nyers, "oh mannn, the subways are gonna be slow," rest of the country: "head to the bunker now"
this is the city whose residents have turned public internet browsers into porn-watching hubs, after all.
i was literally going to take the train and then decided not to take it and literally right after we felt the tremors of the bomb.
you work right there ! glad you're okay.
so was there an explosion? will you acknowledge it if there is?
i acknowledge the explosion but when trump spoke no one knew its cause
when are going to start having frank discussions about human sex trafficking?
never, it will leave her husband with nothing to do.
bunny ruckus please get of my timeline..please go back to bedwenching
have a great evening sir god bless
national standards are ok, but i think having the fed extremely involved in molding takes away from every students unique needs
i'm not sure if u know but hillary went undercover to make sure kids were allowed into schools kids were being denied access
you're excellent, chad! but you already knew that, didn't you? have a great week!
yeah crash but you're not too bad yourself, are you?
when i get married - i don't want to say any vows - i just want my husband to play a vine of that catch for me and the entire ceremony.
"the way i feel about you mirrors the way this catch made me feel"
plugs as reason to vote for him - then brags about his poll numbers
leave it to cheetonazi to not say anything about possible victims &amp; instead pimp himself.
donald trump tells his supporters a "bomb went off in new york"
blame hilary
day daffy dr sez had colonoscopy,obese crap-eater tweeted all day. .
swindled ppl who admired him with multilevel scam . swindled contractors who trusted him.
weirdly, i told my husband yesterday to look for explosives to go off in random places. yes i'm a bit clairvoyant. i thought russians
how convenient for ! nice deflection away from the mess he's in! like your photo btw!
was signalling by bombing forces today, triggering the cells in the usa?
do not forget seaside park, nj and charlottesville mall, va
got a link to fdny confirming to cnn it was an ied? the tweets at have no such confirmation.
putz- you're a pollster (and a shitty one at that lately) not a reporter - please be silent ! thank you!
don't you dare boo. you have know idea how taxing that is or the level they are at!!!
that was the toughest match i've seen i awhile.
tonight i was mad at girl out for making me stay late at work. while i'm walking to the train sirens are going off.
when i get to the train,lots of officers are getting out the car . i ask if the trains and running &amp; he says "we're shutting them down now"
i'm trying to convince him! i really want to go. i was pushing for the ottawa trip even last season.
i can tell you from experience from the planning that i wouldn't skip it in favor of going another year. do it now
its not the first time has gotten me, either!
they are nearly indistinguishable
sibongile mlambo: zimbabwean-born actress stars in 'honey 3' &gt;
brand new tune
it's time for donald trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee.
how about the clinton foundation return that shows only 5% of donations went to charity. hypocrite!
how's the new gig going? enjoying the south?
i've been back in ny since july. i quit the south to hunt pokemon &amp; go to mets games. how's ct?
sets up jay bruce game winner
i shoulda said grandy to tie, bruce to win
nah they way that boy looks today
they way he looks hmm?
all my nyc friends okay? ? just heard about the explosion.
im okay! just got home from the pc.
a friend said it happened a couple blocks from her old apartment.
i used to live about 20 blocks from there, it's a busy area
alheyy i'm so glad!!! i hope people are ok!! please stay safe! xx
thank u. i hope everyone is safe.
bless down situation
honestly would rather have you coach them instead of their defensive coach.
my gt is: halofanforlife1 ... i have a 12 month card for this. did not want to be charged. you charged card early!! reverse it!
better off calling them sal.
thank you dear!i wish a lovely monday for you and friends!!kisses
cuteness overload!
the sun sets before 7:00 tonight. [sigh.] get your camera/phone ready!
absolutely gorgeous!
when i realize i'm just a and most of the nfl bores me.
to each their own...sunday football after a jets win on thursday&gt;&gt;&gt;
once i folded a tank top in half and wore it as a skirt and that was more innovating than the iphone 7 headphone-adapter fiasco
halloween 2k12
i'm done. jay bruce for the win so we can go do something else
funny. he ain't gonna win it.
punting at midfield down 17 with 9:12 to go? i'm miffed.
i'm happy. he needs to be fired
why didn't you guys tell me about this show? i had to hear about it on the street.
catch up quickly! you'll like where season 2 takes things.
ok so a balance of fed/local got it. what about immigration, what are your views?
as hillary believes, the border needs to be strengthened, but not wall, its impossible &amp; physically can't be done. deport criminals
hi there. i work for . would we be able to use your photos online and in our broadcasts?
yes with credit
real trump, at site of irl terror attack: "see? i said this would happen! i did nothing to stop it, but i said so!"
-what kind of people would call a candidate "congratulating him regarding a terror attack".
a visual of the upstate state of mind
omg is that the new brooklyn wegmans?
fucking insane. did this last time i came. no reason for it whatsoever.
insane planning. why can car services pick up there but no taxi stand? and that walk is outrageous.
im watching the local news and it's chill. way more chill than the national news outlets that are talking about the explosion in chelsea.
it's okay. scary stuff happens everywhere everyday. this was small in comparison.
congratulations geraldine!!!
thank you so much ross!!!!!!!
i'm not the one who was ungrateful
neither was i so idk why you're so upset
also adding - saw the news and was about to ask the same thing :(
i know people were going out to eat after the pc - hope not near there
can't wait til the day we see these frauds swing for trying to normalize this shit
sir, they conveniently leave off mentioning seaside park pipe bomb explosion.garbage can,jersey shore.
we you on the video board !
definitely a pleasure introducing you to crowd. can't wait to work with the squad more this season.
curtis granderson homer. 2, 2, bot 11
we are never going home at this rate..
you'll still eat chicken tomorrow. you'll just think it's vegetarian. i am always right.
oh yeah. being right is more important than facts. forgot.
thank you. just curious... dying for my first trip to nyc! be safe
my pleasure! happy to offer tips for what to do when you come visit!
i paid real money for it
that's good. if it had been fake money some person might be sitting crying about it rn.
this wedding is wack lmao i hate how my moms side is white but damn they sure are getting down to the cupid shuffle and luke bryan
don't mind my sister but i'm here tryna do el caballo dorado what the
hoping for a speedy recovery for all those injured in chelsea. thank you to our brave first responders who are on the scene.
were pay-to-play the 1st responders, would've burned to the ground by now! [an hour later]
this is what happens when you hire muschamp.
south carolina state, not south carolina
petrichor now has lyrics for big boat release. makes sense if was going to record it and put it on the album.
still wish it was instrumental, was digging it hard.
*megatron shows old clip of miami dolphins vs seahawks game* -, "wait, miami is beating the seahawks rn?" .......
there is no nfl games on saturday you idiot!
catch of the year by noah brown. unbelievable!
odell beckham ' s younger brother!
ok so a balance of fed/local got it. what about immigration, what are your views?
immigration reform law has to be done in first 100 days. have a program where people pay fines so we don't break up families.
when i get to the train,lots of officers are getting out the car . i ask if the trains and running &amp; he says "we're shutting them down now"
i'm still complaining to my mom still. helicopters are going off. i'm upset because i have to take a uber &amp; it wasn't in the funds.
yup. had one of those explode a few blocks from me back in april.
that's scary.
what does, "this accessory may not be supported" mean? every time i plug my charger in it pops up.
your charger is basically dead. time for a new one
beach @ the crack of dawn
the butt crack of dawn
what are they doing?
uuhhh bomb in new jersey explosion in manhattan cop shot in philly all today
tui secret show at ram ranch
ram ranch really rocks
. when leads a charity ride for research, expect the energy t/b exponential
you're not only fierce, but incredibly generous (&amp; your taste in music ain't bad) ty for being there!
ten years ago chelsea had about 15 gay bars and nightclubs. now there's two.
when i moved there in '91 there was one: raw hide.
can't wait til the day we see these frauds swing for trying to normalize this shit
and charlottesville mall,charlottesville va. three cities,homemade bombs,one day
breaking: explosion in new york city
no mayor to be seen! what a surprise!!
find him he is professor plum now you have a mission
found him
ny1 is the best channel to watch if you're in nyc. no crazy speculation, no anchors trying to play detective.
also applies to
not cool . if you are selling seats at least offer an upgrade option to your 1k elites.
you publicly complain about an airline and turn it into promoted tweet?...
*megatron shows old clip of miami dolphins vs seahawks game* -, "wait, miami is beating the seahawks rn?" .......
there are no nfl games on saturday
i talk to the trump supporters in my life. at length. they live in an alternate universe. there's no bridge. it's insanely frustrating.
doing that makes me seriously depressed.
breaking: none of you know anything about what caused the explosion in chelsea.
the rapid oxidation of a chemical compound, leading to the generation of heat and the resulting expansion of the air?
[stream of consciousness] *if a free society can't help the many who are poor, it can't save the few who are rich.* -moonshot
[deep~minds] *never need an argument against the use of violence, only an argument for it.* *fashions fade, style is eternal*
ok so a balance of fed/local got it. what about immigration, what are your views?
she also wants a system that checks on visa's to make sure there are no overstays but find way to let people become citizens.
oh why oh why is your 767 to lhr so poorly equipped? i think my old, old iphone has a bigger screen!
i think they show talkies on those screens! but you have to what for the movies to cycle through.
happy freaking 21st birthday to !! hope you have a freaking kickass day!! you made it! getcho drink on girl! love you!
love you babe! thank you
we are here together!
and the photobomb by
who among us hasn't needed a $9 million loan from dad every once in a while?
trump doesn't know how - how to tell the truth unless he is threatened w/perjury! pathological liar.
but who will hold her responsible? not the feds, not state dept. not the liberal voters...
: we the people of the usa must hold her accountable.
ya then it showed skelly saying oh ya ur right it was anaconda right b4 went commercial
herb was so mesmerized that he forgot maxi was dead
jesus blesses you and your family in abundance :)
may the lord jesus christ also bless you and your family brother, now and forevermore!
who could ever forget dec. 7, 1941 when fdr uttered those immortal words ' no one knows what the hell is going on...'
oh god he's gonna pretend to roll a wheelchair &amp; make vroom vroom sounds at fdr's grave isn't he?
what other name is known by?
brand new tune
wait. you left that already? damn. massachusetts is awesome.
yep! 6 months in the south feels like 6 years
there was one at the apple store.. i had been thinking matte black, but if i have to wait one month, why not 2?
that's the spirit. i'd hate rushing into it and being stuck with a phone i didn't like *quite* as much.
super smooth . listen to my love (feat. swings) by ailee on .
we need to sneak more ballads into dprk. listen to (if time passes) by baek ji young on .
defiant new yorkers tell nation: "i guess it's flatiron?"
"the disputed border area between chelsea and flatiron was the site of an explosion saturday"
you were actually ask anyone and i bet they'll say you were
okay, i won't win with you so i'll just let you be right
now: post-ride at + yummy treats
how good were these?!?!?
retweeted joseph kerry (): fdny confirms explosion as an ied. similar pattern to nj from this am.
and charlottesville mall, va.
you choosing to live with them makes you...?
open minded to all
after the first listen, iawitw, friends, running out of time &amp; things people do are my favorite songs on the album.
irony is its mostly the tracks not played this summer.
what happened?
cos orgs were some of the first groups giving aid on 911, my father worked downtown n helped them bring water/blankets/etc
ok so a balance of fed/local got it. what about immigration, what are your views?
she wants to stop any further immigration but we can't throw those out who haven't committed a crime. they contribute to our economy
"witnesses claimed they didn't see anything."
literally just lol'd over here!
no religious, political, or hacking....etc.
i most definitely believe in the
i had an evil catholic roommate. it's interesting how one's religion has nothing to do with whether they are evil.
yea.. hon... no
retweeted joseph kerry (): fdny confirms explosion as an ied. similar pattern to nj from this am.
spread the word. no one is reporting it.
visit norfolk broads a wonderful place lot's to do for all the family
she's a real beauty
was that you?
would i ever do something like that to you?
join us praying for new york tonight.
the problem with this is is that someday it will be life threatening. they had the veterans parade in the neighborhood today.
what other name is known by?
excellent tune kadondo
there's areas in li and nj the train doesn't go n traveling by train n bus would take hours and car is more feasible
yes that's really issue, lack of even decent transit in so many places (which req density, which isn't there..)
are you in norman?
east village manhattan actually lol
we need to sneak more ballads into dprk. listen to (if time passes) by baek ji young on .
a song about human emotions and feelings that doesn't mention the kim dynasty or the necessity of fighting the evil americans &amp; japanese.
rip my phone
what happened to your phone?
i haven't had a boyfriend that was a) chinese or b) muscular so i don't know what he was getting at. white guys, what are we doing here?
the whole interaction just smacks of racism and denying a person's identity outside of their appearance and ethnicity.
why are meek mill &amp; the game beefing?
idk but it's getting interesting and fun to watch
dumpsters normally don't just explode
my point is simply not to jump to conclusions
i cant trust anyone who won't acknowledge being wrong. trump: never wrong, never sorry, never responsible
pathetic stinko
are you going
yes :) marilyn and i are going together. even though the con is only one day 1/2
pembleton showed much heart in that episode.
that one and crosetti's funeral procession. holy.
don lemon naturally pointing out the nysc in the shot
i'm shocked he didn't call david barton a former land mark
i don't believe so. it's a random google image
haha it totally is
been considering going on an alcohol cleanse
heard the elderly
swindled ppl who admired him with multilevel scam . swindled contractors who trusted him.
hard to believe is such a louse in so many ways at once,but he's hi-energy. snerk.
pretty freaked about taking the train post explosion
can i teleport back to bk???????
better hed is "trump *hopes* new york explosion is a bomb..."
-my first thought would be a gas explosion...trump seemed to know before anyone else it was a bomb.
my mom is winning lol
that sounds like the most fun i could imagine having.
enough of the fake outrage over comments trump makes that are actually more true than false. expand your thinking for once.
outrage? not for this. just amazement at how childish he is.
every american has a home country that is not the usa unless you are an american indian!!! silly!
i am fourth generation irish and second generation english. my home country is america.sorry.that is a fact.
are you going
we are going to make a weekend out of it :) 2/2
okay britt get your own tweets honestly
damn my bad i guess i gotta start being more creative
ok so a balance of fed/local got it. what about immigration, what are your views?
she believes we need to work together they need to assimilate but do not split up families. i agree, too many pple been her to long
cos orgs were some of the first groups giving aid on 911, my father worked downtown n helped them bring water/blankets/etc
they tried recruiting him n my mom afterward &amp; even gave him a pin and a couple copies of dianetics
. we were talking last night on the show that usyk should not be taken lightly. my radio partner did not wholeheartedly agree.
he foubd it suspect that he only fought 9 times in 4 years. we will send him link, he will be impressed
lol i this damn that bitch is ugly
and he's a real gem? lololol
so at this point does cuse just punt on the season and dub it a rebuilding year or was it always considered that?
i think it always had that feel to it. defense was always going to struggle.
exactly. starting at the highest level with cambridge.
exactly and endorsed onwards from the highest levels
the internet creates confusion at moments like this. from the sound of some, you'd swear isis was swarming.
ppl are creating mass hysteria without knowing any of the facts. i'm happy none of the injuries are life threatening.
college football does that period lol
of course but at least they give the players something in real life (scholarships,etc). niggas got nothing at all off the game.
still deplorable! who else is?
great shirt!!
it's fun to speculate, wonder what's a better buy here, $blue or $rare
rare has more sog's. blue has more upside but more risk of failure. i'd go 50-50 and sleep well.
now just leave me alone i really don't want to talk to you right now
it not like you ever want to talk to me but alright later
just me or is wondering what &amp; do for that kickback buck$$?
maybe i should be using a kiosk on third??
the rest of the country has its priorities in order.
i'm in nyc. no local affiliate is carrying the "news conference" not , nor is more important
giant shoes to fill
i assume your only regret is that your accident wasn't on a :)
this rivera kid can hit.
great game. only in nyc is this the big news
you mean thought leaders?
the typhoid marys of vitality
be careful out there, new yorkers! another suspicious device was found on 27th - steer clear of that area!
i have not heard about the other device - and i live on 31. seems to have calmed down considerably from up here.
trump is the same narcissist tht is omly abt him. he's the same 1 tht said we r uneducated on welfare, bad schools
save ur talking points. it seems race baiting pays ur bill, not mine.
don lemon referred to chelsea as a "gay enclave" that's "being gentrified" because this happened in 2003.
don lemon thinks chelsea is being gentrified because a white person delivered him a breakfast wrap the other morning.
great lad. i've been taught to support whoever is playing michigan state :)
don't write the lads off just yet..
when you get more granular than just env, but also targets, simpler configs in one file worked for me.
just keep writing tools. i don't ever want to configure a build for anything again if i can avoid it.
" air kicker " lmfoaooa
yes that's me i like to kick the air thank u
only like 5 shots of 3 different drinks
then i got mugged and couldn't walk straight
beyonce crew!
why do you always go there
what happened?
oh whoops there was an explosion!!! thought u were responding to another tweet, my b
while knocking doors in dark blue we came across volunteers! we both agreed, we have seen no pro-hillary ground game.
why waste resources in a blue state?
a song about human emotions and feelings that doesn't mention the kim dynasty or the necessity of fighting the evil americans &amp; japanese.
sneaking k-dramas and other pop culture into the north is actually an active area of resistance among escapees to the south.
i don't care that we wracked up 500 yards of offense, luke del rio out for a while and offensive line discombobulated equal long season...
the offensive line was fine
you mean thought leaders?
the typhoid marys of virality
maybe ou should put in backup qb austin kendall so he can light up that basic buckeye defense.
well, he did mention it on his interview. can't hurt now.
you advocating for hillary is a disservice to blacks.
black people shouldn't be fooled by hillary clinton
just keep writing tools. i don't ever want to configure a build for anything again if i can avoid it.
(i realize this is a fool's dream)
they are high on bath salts
i'm sending this guy over to your house right now
i had an evil catholic roommate. it's interesting how one's religion has nothing to do with whether they are evil.
why not live with muslim like i have rather than chime in with blush and a mustache
if you over 18, don't go to 15's anymore
what if they were invited???
nice paintings
its my apartment buildings common area i hijacked for the video. haha
heartfelt instagram post telling everyone how much u love me
nah fuck you. you ain't getting no public sappy shit. i gotta keep my hardass reputation
rooftop rebels on 's bday
you guys look soooo good
[deep~minds] *never need an argument against the use of violence, only an argument for it.* *fashions fade, style is eternal*
[grand unification theory] *what lies behind one &amp; what lies before one are tiny matters compared to what lies within one.*
least true thing ever
lol omg. did they mention that many clothes are manufactured just north of there.
marcus lemonis: why i'm not worried about leverage in the market right now
was interesting to hear his opinion &amp; be reminded how his mind ticks along. working w/him must b endlessly stimulating &amp; challenging.
front page of tomorrow's .
not "chelsea popper"
what other name is known by?
brand new tune
hillary surrogate mark levine: "i think donald trump is appealing to people who are mentally deficient, i really do"
after today, mark levine can fuck off.
this looks amazing
that golden box...wow need to go back
i saw that earlier! wtf???
clearly isis...
then an hour later my momma sent me this... if i were to leave on time tonight as usual. i would've been right there.
all i gotta say is tonight we celebrate the moon.
having scabs inside your nose is basically the worst
no way now you have a legit reason to gold mine!
about to see one of my favorite bands of all time might cry might pass out stay tuned
did cry, didn't pass out 10/10
sneaking k-dramas and other pop culture into the north is actually an active area of resistance among escapees to the south.
i just noticed... there isn't an sd card emoji? what about sim cards?
you've been killing it with the 6, you got skills beyond what equipment you use
that's nice of you to say, thank you.
i taxidermied a rat today and aw crap now you all know what you're getting for the holidays
so proud of you
black caviar has foaled a filly by snitzel!
baby cheers
i'm seeing stuff about several different ones. scary stuff
only one i know if currently is down in manhattan's chelsea neighborhood with 25 injured. explosion came from a garbage can
iphone 7, day 2: seriously miss the physical button on the home button.
at least we live in places where you never need gloves.
looks like it has more depth and clarity
without a doubt.
msnbc reporting on now.
great report. they take their precaution and not to create panic. that s not the case for ;)
seeing tweets about an explosion in manhattan , in the chelsea neighborhood, any more details?
seems to be a bomb in a dumpster. waiting for more deets
randomly recalled this thread... congrats on investment
good memory!
people are hurt live
keep screaming... nyc is calm.
i just noticed... there isn't an sd card emoji? what about sim cards?
but we have 3.5" floppy &amp; minidisc. great.
wowwww night mode twitter forever.
never went back.
what book are you reading
p.s i like you by which will put me out if my mini slump. my previous book was really challenging to power through.
about to go see local natives and be like
i was so close to going to that show
please tell me you are taking notes! :] is sharing hers with me too ;).
charles will share slides on tw; tues i'll copy &amp; email u my notes &amp; links to 3hw articles
we just got hit by two terrorist attacks today, and obama can't take time off from attacking to do his job!
stop rushing to judgment.no in dication of any terrorism.let authorities do their job
seriously. i'm out here too - was super nervous getting on the subway earlier.
we decided to not be in times square tonight. stay safe, jr. maybe uber it.
guys i'm all dressed up and going to a party tonight. are you proud of me, or are you losing respect?
very proud. congratulations. very much coolness.
i'm seeing stuff about several different ones. scary stuff
just like the one in new jersey but its not saying if it was a pipe bomb like jersey.
i work from 2-10
bet im gonna text u tomorrow morning the time
not bad, at least more of my people (blacks) are starting to realize that hillary won't be good for them!
black people shouldn't be fooled by hillary clinton google it!
i disagree here, they did not follow proper procedure and it is unfair to those waiting in line to come, a spit in the face.
i hear you but many came here because of the conditions. it is not slowing anyone down on the list. you can't split up families.
keeping the in the game. b3 trailing 2-1
camera doing well under these lights!
thank you chad
anytime milady i hope you're doing well this fine harvest moon evening.
hey are you guys ok? don't know how close you are to the explosion in chelsea?
i'm safe in brooklyn. ironically
the most requested song of the hour is next!
excellent tune
amen. i was in t. square when i heard. of all the places you don't want to be when desperately trying to hail a cab, smh.
omg my thoughts are with you
you are too kind. i'll forego sending a death star round to blow your planet up, like alderaan! haha
my wife and i are on a weekend vaca at the beach. while she is doing school work, i am watching this.
"there is no such thing as a vote that doesn't count."
true, that.
just inspired by carrie so much, i think she has an amazing body and butt, too!!
i saw her in satsuki cosplay. she rocked it.
but then it bleeds!! tmi alert
you need to improve your gold mining approach it sounds like
ny1 is the best channel to watch if you're in nyc. no crazy speculation, no anchors trying to play detective.
but what about that dress she was wearing?
seriously. i'm out here too - was super nervous getting on the subway earlier.
and you're at snapchat now?!
no commentary required.
if this isn't gracious and president like, i don't know what is
"..some observers are beginning to wonder if donald trump suffers from alzheimer's." still not a defense
we can't know the particulars, but he is not stable, not rational, and not qualified to be president.
yes that's really issue, lack of even decent transit in so many places (which req density, which isn't there..)
but i do think lot of current car trips cld be shifted to transit w better svc, &amp; then hopef more ppl consider living carfree
women doesn't have to wear the hijab.
scholars prove you wrong. who cites you?
all quiet here on the tribeca front
quiet here in harlem too. good wishes to those affected in chelsea.
this should be my halloween costume
dude u would rock that shit
can't remember a guy starting his career after a trade to the mets as cold as bruce. anyone?
roberto alomar
not too far from the explosion in chelsea?
20 blocks, scary stuff
why didn't we get a pic tho
i don't remember you asking me to tho?
was a football play !!
it actually wasn't
agreed that's my conclusion.
... jason, meet sarcasm. sarcasm, this is jason.
what happened ?! are you okay? i hope that both manhattan and you are safe
there was an explosion, but i am fine! i am at a wedding right now ^^ thank you!
was a football play !!
thanks for coming
on 9/11 the bottleneck was cnn servers. in 2016 we have periscope, youtube, facebook live, etc. much higher backbone saturation possible?
twitter has boots-on-the-ground info. when it goes down all we have is facebook and peoples "opinions" lol
i disagree here, they did not follow proper procedure and it is unfair to those waiting in line to come, a spit in the face.
also its inhumane to split up families many have come here &amp; have kids who are citizens what about kids who were 2 or 3 when came
was a football play !!
unt awful team...
you near explosion? are you &amp; maggie ok?
yes, thanks for asking. everyone present and accounted for.
i think one of the worse things about living alone and without family is that when you get sick you don't have your mom to take care of you
i tweeted this a while back &amp; it's so true
my you've changed chad . what about sleeping in the bat of lotion ?
i made a mistake and slept in the salt vat instead! :(
obama: "hope is on the ballot, and fear is on the ballot too."
lmao. which one is hope?
and he's a real gem? lololol
always makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside! papa love!
really impressed by the north texas defense through 1 quarter.
yet they suck
add to that a machete attack in calgary, and stabbings in st. cloud mn
just the way "they" want it &amp; wants more migrants 2bring it out of control so he can have un martial law
i disagree here, they did not follow proper procedure and it is unfair to those waiting in line to come, a spit in the face.
this is the only country they have known. have you ever talked to any of them?
can we eradicate all dude bros at the gig? is that too much to ask?
like i just wanted to watch this set and now i gotta spend time rolling my eyes @ you instead
hi. how are you?
sad. thank you, nao.
am hungry, need chinese food
literally just ate that
i know u got all ya life!!!
you. don't. even. know. the. half. **drops**
hope you are ok and not near the explosion
i was in manhattan about to leave when it happened
explosion up the street from my house tonight. 26 injured...... what is going on in this world. so scary
are u and ok?? stay safe!! xoxo sick people in this world!
oklahoma is worthless
someone tell this isn't a bowl game and get it together
stay safe xx hope you get to an enclosed place soon
thank you baby. i'm on my way home now.
this case displays and protects your iphone. now available for the iphone 7 &amp; 7 plus. $19.
breaking news: caused by a !!
the price recovery have been desperate for seems to have arrived. economists and industry watchers...
price increases way too late for the farmers in my area who had to sell out. great price volatility in dairy
i hope you are safe. thinking about you!
we are east. have been hearing sirens and helicopters. i do have friends there. so far,all good.blessed. pray 4 the hurt!
well jf3 had a go, but you at least need to know what down it is.
our last hope running out of bounds on 4th is a metaphor for our season. remember when i said it was over?
so am i. which leads me to believe this was more accident than deliberate.
exactly. i think more harm would have been done.
omg this makes me feel sick! i've been in that area before when i was in nyc
it's so scary.
msu looking good or nd sucks hahah la
combo of both....grrrrrr
are u okey? explosion accident manhattan?
yes i am actually in manhattan (tribeca) right now with finn and we were really surprised to hear about it. worried
i assume your driving
nope, flying &amp; renting a car
'jane goodall says reminds her of how chimpanzees act to get attention'
omg - very true
it's saturday maybe they still open
oh yeah, everything in pa closes stupid early
it's my treassured memory bcuz thst con and year was afful and im just "jason sleeplock made me a sandwich"
im yelling how do i not remember this that con made me wanna kms
that's my new line
you stole it from me
another trumphumper got to defend his boyfriend.
boyfriend? wow ur brilliant. everybody has a big mouth on twitter. in real life not so much.
pullin where ?
ask ur nigga which other dudes be tryna get @ u
i disagree here, they did not follow proper procedure and it is unfair to those waiting in line to come, a spit in the face.
its a very complicated problem. the cost of deporting them is very high &amp; how can we deport someone to a country they never lived in
why is he pointing at the "must have a fare" warning? also he never rides.
anyone who actually rides would clearly point at the "information gladly given" sign.
the worst....
i was depressed for like 2 weeks last time.
[grand unification theory] *what lies behind one &amp; what lies before one are tiny matters compared to what lies within one.*
[caged bird] *..history, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again..*
preferably female lol
thats sexist lol
on long island thankfully. be careful!
i read it wrong im shot. i thought u said it happened ln too. thanks i wanna leave
1st vc move by is a good one w/ - (and a poor miss by me, painful gmail search on that one)
thanks! very happy to be part of it. grateful thought i am the right investor for gitlab.
anything west of 6th ave (which is the border) is chelsea
was the explosion west or east of 6th though?
aw thanks
the nyx work so much better than the lip kit i hate mine lol
cota looks great at night. more please!!!
crevantic will be awesome next year there too!
the truth hurts.
it's just a buzzword for the right to dismiss, that's my point. address them on their idiocy they can't defend
i give it 17 hours
shouts out to you for having the most accurate guess of a life time
usc -- you ain't as good as you once were.
and stanford will never be as good as we once were!
unt awful team...
money on it???
uscs new defense name is the 'bend over d' stanford now approaching 300 yards rushing
d held to 27, not the greatest but better than 2015. could have won this game on o.
there are hundreds of millions who would like to be here, but there is a process, and that process was violated.
yes i understand, fine them, make them pay back taxes, have them do public service for an amt of time. too hard to send them back
what's worse?
fights are more entertaining.
this "mexican" band is much more san diego than florida. what a giveaway.
well, he did say they were cuban.
none of the above. as paul said, this is a game show, not a dating show.
calm down now im not looking for your opinions
had nothing to do with it. your candidate has nothing
"my candidate" had nothing to do w/ what?
you say that like we don't know it's gonna be a long season. hush up and enjoy your win.
amanda... you have no team
on the scene in chelsea. nypd officer confirmed there are injured. said they are reviewing video to find culprit.
the difference is crosby is wearing a championship ring under his glove
that's literally the dumbest concept you know his mum keeps them for him.
already did actually
i'm crying. definitely makes your twitter more interesting now
when you come home and strangers are parked in your driveway with private property signs because they're having a funeral next door.
stab everyone so they can have more funerals at your house then stab then funeral catch 22 never ending stabbings/funerals
favorite underground artist?
ck out - we are the new! undergroud - . . . . hard!
mine &gt; both y'all virgins bios
your bio is trash, still better than jordan's but trash
and you're at snapchat now?!
hah. yep at snapchat now. love it.
tomorrow omg ahhjsjs
lucky you can try n meet am sure it's exciting for fans n him as he is a big celebrity now
there are hundreds of millions who would like to be here, but there is a process, and that process was violated.
then in the meantime we need to strengthen the border and make no more exceptions. some kids know no other country
i thin perez won 2 and 3
perez clearly won rounds 2&amp;3. the draw was the right call
good god. what a mess. hear quite a few rental boats are dead. at least one relay is waiting for a tow
marci's boat died before they called it too
hearing a lot of reports that everybody is safe after the explosion in manhattan but hearing no reports on whether the olive garden is safe
the outback steakhouse got a little scratched up, but the og is safe and currently relaxing
i think we like broccoli a little too much
oh wow that's embarrassing i spelled broccoli wrong for the contact name
or who ran out of unemployment time
yes, those too aren't accounted for in these stats
when footballs more important
shut up bitch
im gonna have so much fomo
see you there?!!1!1
id love a country song
do you ever think about preforming live? we'd love to hire you
like filling it with cotton wasnt enough? :/
the family that owns it, kept it for so long bcs of that. it's sickening.
when you're obsessed with your kitten
that's a cute ass cat
what's in your imessage apps homescreen?
finally found one useful to send (talking to my mom)
both of yall
update: still have not texted me back smh
what do you want trump to do? it is the stupid liberals that go there and cause violence!
if you remember john mccain,some body in his rally suggested obama wasn't born in us.he said no.
people should be disgusted about trump trying to own the label "deplorable" as a badge of honour some like bond villain.
that's his whole ethos: "i hate people who are different than me, why pretend?!"
afaict, san francisco's problems boil down to bad governance. what are some examples of cities with good governance?
eg, whistler bc (when i lived there) had a clear vision of what it did and did not want to be, and worked to move in the right direction.
but i do think lot of current car trips cld be shifted to transit w better svc, &amp; then hopef more ppl consider living carfree
..maybe even some of your neighbors, &amp; parking will get easier! (although i'm in camp that street parking shouldn't be free)
what a shit game georgia
are you proud of yourselves
how worried ny press is about the chelsea explosion: just came on and said "we've got full team coverage... after the mets game"
well it's a great game, and new yorkers are tough af!
justin and my little sister would get a long so well
she's so fat
"we're not here to take over, we're here to take your goats"
are you going to kc for roxy's title fight?
i think we like broccoli a little too much
oh wow that's embarrassing i spelled broccoli wrong for the contact name
stanford in methodical control throughout, like you expect to see vs pac-12's 2nd tier ... but not against usc.
is $c not pac-12 2nd tier?
i challenged smith to a debate. his choice of venue. i could literally talk for hours about his lack of knowledge
stephen a.? he knows a ton, but there's a lot that he bloviates about that he doesn't know, also.
machete attack in ? what the heck is going on?
it's been planned 4years they only need a guy like o 2 commit the acts as their puppet he wants martial law
calm down now im not looking for your opinions
or tagiing but its all good however you feel
sega merch line really is dramatically shorter today, though it was much longer than most of the other merch lines anyway
did they have any sonic mania stuff or is that like solely being promoted in the west
scrolling through these tweets, it's unbelievable how racist americans are towards muslims
are terrorist attacks against americans racist in your view? or just pointing terrorism out with mean words is racist?
follow and dm if you want a bo3 beta code
bo3 beta code please too poor for next gen
you always have the best solutions to life's problems.
maybe not best but certainly the most realistic
good god. what a mess. hear quite a few rental boats are dead. at least one relay is waiting for a tow
is raining now, gonna put my phone away, ,but greg bailed 20min before they called it
fuckin love greensky when i saw them in port chester they encored with "atlantic city" and it was a revelation tbh
omg that's where i am now!!!! the cap?
this hurts
because i'm secretly an evil person mwuahahahahaha lol - here enjoy another angst
i challenged smith to a debate. his choice of venue. i could literally talk for hours about his lack of knowledge
that, and the screaming is a recipe for being polarizing. good for ratings, harsh on the ears.
''right now (remix)'' - feat. x || click to tunein
brand new tune
''right now (remix)'' - feat. x || click to tunein
brand new tune
i'm living in brooklyn but manhattan would suit best! fellow mayo friends on the lower east side
hey! did you find a place? i think the keyroom in midtown are showing it? i'll have to watch from home! :/
i like the cam swerve from eli tbh. think kerley &gt; james in the flex, and personally i don't buy fuller in cash yet
i could go eli/kerley/yeldon over cam/fuller/jesse james
honestly... is ou washed? i don't want to accept this. but like..
looking that way. many opportunities to keep it close. blew it with poor decisions and failure to adjust
hasnt been bad things happening since 9/11..u try again wake up. dont insult reality and american ppl
i have literally zero idea what you're talking about. and i wasn't insulting anyone. stop being so paranoid.
cool cool. good luck with it.
wait you started your own craft beer line?
i know snapchat is being stupid
well i guess we will start another streak on your new one
major explosion right around the corner from my apartment in just happened.
what was it?
it's non ahs related, but i know there are fans who might have family/friends in area. mcp
i'm in that area a lot
nypd have dogs checking for additional explosive devices
number of officers moving out.
good god. what a mess. hear quite a few rental boats are dead. at least one relay is waiting for a tow
and currently we're drifting...which isn't the best
did you hear about this
yes we weren't close by. thank you though!
stay safe
thank you
that la times article title is brutal. usc once led the pac-12 and destroyed stanford handily multiple times...
stanford fans remember those days all too well.
projection. she's abt as honest as a pol in public life usually is,but psychopath don lies +50%
clinton statements majority true. trump statements majority false/pants
i smell a comeback
lol my emotional well-being cannot take this
your options were biased, so therefore, i gave you my option.
some do suck but pauls idea of persnally targeting one all year is stupid if you know why give me a option
... i *think* the last time i hung out with , and was usenix new orleans when i was like 17? pralines...
1998. we rented that boat of a car and drove from sf. primitive roads at az/nm border, remember?
yeah man him and lmao fucking opps
yet steve the biggest opp here
men aren't allowed women to force to wear hijab and yet people say it by forcing it
obey or be hit. who cites you?
days of wine and roses......
beautiful paul. have a fabulous evening. keep the music playing
my sentiments exactly. ty.
no thanks needed, just gotta put it into perspective
''right now (remix)'' - feat. x || click to tunein
brand new tune
it's y'all! big games for my teams today! and ! huge for...
looks like the buckeyes have this game well in hand. history is being written in evian. i wish u were there. go tribe!!!
don trump is into the establishment for four bankruptcies, the top 1 %'s way of protecting its own.
shut the fuck up, take this garbage out of here you dick.
they may be citizens but their parents are their legal guardians, they must remain where the parents are.
you can't send citizens to a country they have never known, its illegal so you end up splitting them up
everyone plz pray for my friends &amp; .. ain't nothing wrong with them they just drunk lightweights in nyc
niggas know
thank you for your edification, my enjoyment has been diminished
then my work here is done.
so if the explosion is "muslamics" will trump supporters be happy they're "right" or sad because of the carnage and all?
pissed off because it could have been avoided.
ur with gianna i know it
molly rose i miss u with all my heart n soul
twenty five people have minor injuries, people in chelsea eating gelato, trump supporters wetting themselves. about right.
please atay out of our business. go bar to your warm guinness and skeletal queen
soulful guitar rock. listen to the real reason why we broke up by younha on .
i'm starting to like younha (not to be confused with yoona). i can't complain about variety on apple music.
as in the fgc out here isn't used to running challonge or smash.gg but the smash community is
someone else is administrating the brackets on beastpac?
love these guys! to the point. won't be put off.
yes, don't agree w/ them politically, but watching them slice through the bs is a joy :-)
express yourself with these awesome knuckle tattoos
*cough* use code pd
we can't ever get a qb past week 3 smh
treon won in knoxville....
srry for the late response was too busy adoring my verified tab
there we go what uh comeback
would've been cool to hear mercury and shade on here
also ass handed
went from snap chat fiend to checking my close friends stories to not even replying to snaps.... so i failed
you're more popular on my snap
born a year after wwii yep, a definite creation of dr. mengele
what in thee entire feezy?
you can send everyone back together. doesn't revoke their citizenship, it just means you stay w/your family.
u can't force a us citizen out of the country, its illegal &amp; immoral to do that. if we start doing that we can do it to any citizen
. has crepes, coffee, and . join us on september 18 at 10 am!
crpes might just be the tipping point...'
in wondering why. no seems to have an answer. do you?
. that's weird, i thought sos hillary helped gave putin control of 20% of us uranium supplies. but whatevs.
hey my brother just won. now he can be on
so happy omg
lol wait he responded to a tweet from months ago?
this was a response to a tweet abt me not wearing underwear from such a long time ago
i've wondered if there's a plan before opening night to acquire d via trade. cgy's wideman an interesting option.
that's certainly a route shero could go down. he could sign kris russell to a one-year ufa deal, too.
i just uploaded a new stampy short. i would love to know what you think. this one is really different.
i like it a lot, and i'm curious about the music. is it original? if not, where from? hoping to meet you at minecon!
1 hr outside calgary - banff national park. from
clearly i live in the wrong place. need some new uplift on long island.
it was west at 133/135 w. 23rd. which is between 6th and 7th.
ok, so it was chelsea.
turn on my music and have a concert in my mirror and around my house
go 2 &amp; take a road-trip . lol play , eat &amp; wear lol
my eye has been twitching a lot lately
my i phone white and my bitch too
why don't they have rasheed wallace
he has to be part of the players union i believe
[caged bird] *..history, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again..*
[stellar tidal disruption] *..six wise men taught me all i know, their names are w.h.o., what, when, where, why a.n.d. how..*
explosion near 6th av &amp; 23rd. photo from witness shows trash can. press says dumpster. stupid reporters. why not "trumpster?"
small dumpster - restaurant or construction type. bic on side is city agency that licenses waste haulers.
the triumph of 'comedy bang bang' and the rise of comedy geek culture
i didn't "get" cbb the tv show until i had listened to a bunch of cbb plain podcasts.
hit up the county jail, they always have poppin functions
at her next time
fire trucks and cop cars blocking the entire street, helicopter above, increasing reports of injuries
believed to be dumpster and not car
you can send everyone back together. doesn't revoke their citizenship, it just means you stay w/your family.
we can't force another country to take a citizen of the us just because we decided we don't want their parents. its so complicated
everyone is so excited to hear about mutli-cluster patterns, they won't event notice a minor change in presenters :)
so i guess "minor" change in presenters simply means "any other committer"? if so, i will be sending or hachikuji :)
: when yr reincarnated as putin, u can give orders. no guarantee anyone will comply then either
putin is deadly.his orders are god's command,even worse.god,you have to wait.putin instant verdict
none of my so called "friends" text or facetime me anymore. ya all full of shit! yeah, i just disrespected them. lol
or everyone grew up
ryan o'reilly meets with media after big win to open vs czech republic
i see the beard is alive, well,n burly!!
''right now (remix)'' - feat. x || click to tunein
brand new tune
piggy walks it off! terps are 3-0!
o5 was cake
happy birth day ate nicey ! may god more bless you and your family
salamat n god bless din
an apparent explosion in nyc's chelsea neighborhood has injured 25 people
&amp; apparently &amp; 's pay-to-play network, , wants it hush hush?
jose reyes strikes out to strand bases loaded. 2, 2, end 11
omg can anybody get a hit with guys on base
why cant the yankees be more like the mets this year
oh just jump the bandwagon already
someone just said that i'm dean from iron giant and ya know i see it
i see it in 10 years from now
jose reyes strikes out to strand bases loaded. 2, 2, end 11
they will still probably lose
there was a problem with yami's source so no hq raw for 2 weeks. i know i had seen the script somewhere tho
yeah that's all the info i've been able to find so far too.
chill carl gunna take screenshots for the opps
lol keep borrowing your boys games and selling yours for $ broke ass nigga
so if their parents are criminals, does this mean they all stay? or do they get split up?
you can't split them up, also its very expensive to go thru this process. also many of them contribute to our economy, have to stay
first ever time i think kanye dropped an album in a year that wasn't aoty
this year is just way too stacked.
clinton statements majority true. trump statements majority false/pants
just patted himself on the back for deciding to stop lying abt pbo's b.certificate. 8 year lie.
grandy clutch!!!
it was huge!!!
bitch i look great!
same look different party
areh happy birthday po! thank you po sa pagiging matatag at page-encourage samin. god bless and take care po ate love u!!!
ur welcome and salamat din
mountains or something?
yeah sounds cool,maybe we'll meet new people,then we kill em
i'm bout to get on. sorry had to make a bit of money
ain't mad at anyone getting money. send an invite whenever you get on
''right now (remix)'' - feat. x || click to tunein
brand new tune kadondo
see you in denver... oh wait.
well actually....
hypnosis icon for
the thumbnail almost made it look like he won the jackpot
last night we had a conversation about ice and i just ate ice and i'm feeling self conscious about it
i'm self conscious about everything that happened last night.
and he's not ?? i'm sick of not having him apart of the pistons in 2k
yeah 2k prolly didn't add him because the amount of technical fouls would blow up the game hah
then, there's this.
-i think we all need to worry how trump "gets there".
sometimes forgive others not because they deserve but because your father loves you so much for forgiving others..
amen. "for if you forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly father will also forgive you. mathew 6:14 *read mathew 6:15
twitter, is calm &amp; waiting for news about . if the rest of the nation could calm the f down, we'd appreciate it. thanks.
seriously! update - all are fine and got out ok. we can go uptown, just not down.
reported 'explosion' in ny at 8:30. at 9:10 trump tells co a "bomb" went off. source says trump was 'briefed' on plane. who briefed him? (1)
someone go wake hillary...
people who make fun of people for their favorite type of music are the type of people that i try and avoid. like just let them be happy plz
your music sucks
. are u a gw pr person because i think you just released some pecuilar news at a time when literally 90% of america is drunk
no sir but i did receive some threatening emails from lonergan
is really upset about that
i wonder if he is still all caffeinated from earlier today.
fyi - i volunteer my time with multiple charities and fundraisers. i also volunteer w/ the humane society &amp; sit on city boards.
they still trolling u?? wtf??? don't pay any attention to the nonsense
haha no. that'd be cool though.
u watching this mets game?
her avi is better than yours.
that's a judgement call. :)
what trump just did is a disgrace.
always diverting real issues he is a carny barker
uh cespedes did in the 8th inning...
wow 1 time this game, thats amazing
can we please go again?!?
shut up pt.2
so if their parents are criminals, does this mean they all stay? or do they get split up?
these parents came here because they loved their kids, wanted a better life for them. sending them back could do more harm than good
nigga carl don't love you man . when you slip up he gon throw you in
the only thing i'm throwing is a 80 yard td pass to ab tmm
always and forever hold the innocent under his mighty wings!
support not faux kurd communists. there is a difference...
mez isn't a co-z boy im disappointed
u niggaa love sweat pants..i dont own any sweat related apparel or a suit
you know you're jealous of our lids! that was seriously gross!!!
i brought my own drinks last night. lol
they haven't even confirmed the cause of the explosion yet, the racist americans are jumping to conclusions
using logic and common sense is racist? 4 bombs that didn't go off in nj hours before and now bombs go off in ny. what could it be?
happy birthday ate!! more birthdays to come and matupad lahat ng wishes mo. enjoy your day! labyu
thank you
the dems are in charge..there is always chaos under democrat rule.
like 9/11 under president gore? oh wait, lol
why would i play singles
for fun and for a easy 20+ beans
sorry, your reply makes no sense.
im saying paul having something against james and natalie all season is stupid why not anyone else
thanks for the follow!
glad to follow!
you are all hateful and mean engineers, i am taking my bass and going home
you know what bass players use for birth control?
thank goodness. just left this block 5 min prior.
glad u are safe!
calling timeout and punting = abner haynes' infamous "we'll kick to the clock" blunder in the 1962 afl championship game.
i remember that like it was 54 years ago
. are u a gw pr person because i think you just released some pecuilar news at a time when literally 90% of america is drunk
"these people just can't handle a basketball guy"
there's about 10 billion in contributions last i checked, but about 100 bil or so in benefits that they take from stolen ssn #
i am not sure that's accurate, but thats not really a useful argument.
it's the matter of i don't want to barely beat them i want to smoke them
don't worry.... our defense will wreck dobbs
ha! at least they were tasteful!
true,i was beginning to wonder abt the 2nd one wasn't sure what she had on under the coat. :-)
why aap is wrongly attacked over its leaders' absence
because they wrongly attacked all other politician in past. remember nitin gadkari ?
"good" is an ambiguous measure. "fort collins, colorado" says time magazine in 2014.
i'll take any definition of good, if you point to a city that maximizes it. will look into fort collins. thanks!
you're welcome. i didn't know if you were close to the explosion or not? just wanted to make sure you, maggie's &amp; kitties ok.
thanks. i was not far from there earlier today, but way downtown now.
i have a 21 i.d for no reason i don't go anywhere lmao
bitch i turn 21 in 6 months i'm making my way to you
i know huh, no camera means not such a pretty grade after lol
i got a 50% in the class lol
commissioner and brief mayor on site near earlier explosion in chelsea.
yo doofus : why did mysteriously go down??
graphic video of in
are you sure that is the good video? did you check it?
yep, the president should drop everything he is doing and run to the site anytime there is an explosion
absolutely, he took commander in chief job, if there's terrorist attack, he shouldn't be campaigning
spinning backfist was in molasses there
from the pendred school of striking
i live blocks away from explosion- didn't hear / feel it. weird to watch news coverage and hear a lot of over dramatic commentary..
there was an explosion
there was an explosion in chelsea no wonder there was police everywhere
possible secondary device has been located
all words, or just islam?
the explosion occurred in a dumpster at 135 west 23. all else is speculation
when and i pull up the the scene
this the realest shit you ever posted
nypd, fdny, jttf have not confirmed what caused the explosion. (2)
take a wild guess....
where y'all at?
i'm at toast job. we coming to you when he get off
a sacred time. a time that i am often driving during and unable to tweet about because we picked a shitty time
when is crime time again
has jose reyes ever had a walk off hit? i can't remember one.
or just good contact
finishes wins an undisclosed prize
to find out what the prize is you need to be the solves the puzzle
[stellar tidal disruption] *..six wise men taught me all i know, their names are w.h.o., what, when, where, why a.n.d. how..*
[self~correcting quantum memory] *..you see things; &amp; you say 'why?' but i dream things that never were; &amp; i say "why not?"..*
nuh uh.....he lives with mario, not his mom duh
like he even trusts mario to separate the darks from the whites on laundry day. he does not let him touch bling.
i rather play 2v2 for 100
i won't find anyone down for that
that's because you fired off the mouth without knowing details! using injuries and bomb fir votes wrong!
you realize this is a fake account right??? don't be an asshole and make people think trump said that!
it's not on joysound
seventh haven
when everything is working out perfectly &gt;&gt;&gt;
you got any more of that optimism?
there's about 10 billion in contributions last i checked, but about 100 bil or so in benefits that they take from stolen ssn #
more contribute doing jobs that others won't do. i am not sure where you got your numbers from but cost of sending back is huge
ur 2nice! don't waste ur precious sat.pm replying 2fight seekers w/have dick 2do but twtr .have a safe night
good advice!
me as a customer
lmfao but he wasn't my boyfriend she almost screamed
the iphone 7 plus camera is superb
worth the extra size vs the 7?
lol you guys suck. couldn't stop a nosebleed.
talk to me when you win a championship. or play alabama on a neutral site..
choppin it up
manly man
flew all the way from london to see me. thank. you!
fantastic show! everyone should see this man &amp; his wonderful band thank u for ur beautiful light &amp; energy
you can start talking to them.
so widely distribute a product that doesn't represent your true values, then tell them about your "real" passion?
ohio st play today??
playing now big guy. on fox baby
commissioner and brief mayor on site near earlier explosion in chelsea.
didn't pay to play..yet the motherfuckers still don't work?
breaking: at least 1 dead, 6 injured after stabbing spree at shopping mall in st. cloud, minnesota.
ban them dam guns...
my gf does crossfit and i'm actually saddened by this
would you rather her be a fat lard???
came out in early/mid june? i saw it in theaters, but it wasn't there very long.
surprised it wasn't a bigger deal
20, and i can't help but look back at my achievement's . living on my own and i have a job. thank you god.
i miss you and i'm so proud of you, happy birthday little cousin i love you and hope you've had a wonderful day!
mood in chelsea: mostly whining about not being able to get down a couple of streets. people are otherwise calm. a few blocks away, normal.
don't tell that to the media. they love to portray the mood as one of absolute chaos &amp; hell breaking loose.
learn more about my
cindy, so nice seeing you. your new collection of medallions &amp; flowers is absolutely gorgeous!!
so if their parents have say... committed armed robbery/murder etc, what do we do? send them back? or let them off?
no any criminals have to go back, thats a must.
camera doing well under these lights!
hey man they said military veterans not sam lynn veterans
last four batters: tj rivera, brandon nimmo, kevin plawecki, matt reynolds. they're in a pennant race.
and 3 out 4 did something good and plawecki got robbed of hit
lmao son that shit had me wallin
my heart , i can't feel my heart
beautiful black people turning up, food , liqs and i can smoke my cigar. fuck sleep until tomorrow. bklyn i'm back. where ??
i'm cursed damn bank on park slope ate my bank card
nhc has issued their 11pm advisory. here's the latest!
**ty** dear tony 4 update! your the greatest:-))
is there anything more gross than being racist
yeah i mean imagine if there was a racist who didn't wash his hands
i see what you did there. and there are no words for this album.
did you hear "crossed the line"?
i'm still the father.
good morning
nope, the lines are huge!
wth? really?
i need shun all curled up for my amv but i won't sacrifice the quality...
same here, really. i don't think this ep gave me anything usable for my current project but there was some fun stuff in there.
through two games, stanford has yet to play from behind. first half offense has been strong this season
defense has really carried the day in both games. keeping both kstate &amp; usc under 20 is seriously beastly
what do you wanna hear in the mix w/ ?! send your ! ~
brand new tune
a bomb went off in tonight. we have to get tough, vigilant &amp; smart! got to ban all muslims immediately! immediately! immediately!
. great idea, dumbass.
some one call me the hamburger ? lol welcome to the party late on that joke be more original
damn auto correct hamburglar**
what is wrong with u?!
it was a valid question!!
after 5 straight hours lol my birthday gift to you uncle and papa
happy birthday!!don't tu too hard
oh my god
yep called it in the 10th
i saw you fave that tweet and i really hope you're watching because it's goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
i haven't yet! but it's in my queue.
just be happy y'all won a game. this will be the highlight of your season
we have a football program.... unt does not.... bye bye troll
this morning pipe bombs in . now explosion in w/ building collapse confirmed. watch live&gt;
23rd and 6th avenue
time for me to start packing,my stay at home has been enjoyable but it's back to buffalo i go,only to train tho so relax bills fans lol
lol way to stay the masses, they could use some power in the backfield tho!
lol you guys suck. couldn't stop a nosebleed.
we are not good i'll admit.. but you are not a top 4 team.
foxnews saying not confirmed ied,leading towards conscruction work
cnn said they found a possible second one.
finishes wins an undisclosed prize
but if you weren't the finished then you have to wait for them
omg i thought it was part of the landscape.......
i could tell you tales! i used to live in san diego. i know the stretch of i-15 &amp; it's weird.
radical islam is here. thanks obama and hillary.
. please go back to cleveland
manly man
my back and hands hurt.
my mom joined twitter and the first person she followed was
no. really??
our cab arrives at penn at 11:12 but our train leaves at 11:11 pray for us
update i've never run faster in my life but we are on the train
so if their parents have say... committed armed robbery/murder etc, what do we do? send them back? or let them off?
but same would happen here if citizen committed a crime we'd send their parent to jail &amp; we would make sure they were taken care of
possible 2nd bomb on 27th st per cnn.
has it been determined that it is a bomb yet?
donna does good against usually runnin don't sleep on them it's just mac plays get open we just have to throw
our run game will helps us
i'm off now but i think he said he took you off his list
good at least he kno im over that shit
what's your view - worth it?
i was on a 6 before, so 100% worth it for me.
confirmed for censorship of my account!
probably a shadow ban
we have a football program.... unt does not.... bye bye troll
mean green ain't so mean
gop leaders postpone irs commissioner impeachment plan until after november election.
why postpone!??? more cowardly congressmen being bought off?
make sure you tune in to the television premiere of , tuesday september 20th at 9pm/8c on...
wouldn't miss it
a possible secondary device has been located @ 27th street, 6th - 7th avenues. nvestigations are ongoing. avoid the area
sound like the indent that happened in nj early today i hope they not connected
yea *goes on dragons back*
*starts flying to a snowy mountain*
gorgeous! if ur not already planning to catch there in november i highly recommend it
dude i'm hoping to hit the friday show
psa: watching the big short is a really terrible idea for trying to cheer yourself up.
unless you're an investment banker
there are so many great musicians in this city, doing their thing just because they love music and have a message to share with the world.
i'm inspired by all of y'all
please tweet more about margaret
lmao she wears earmuffs no matter what the weather
we need a gif of charlie celebrating that stop asap
does a vine work?
just patted himself on the back for deciding to stop lying abt pbo's b.certificate. 8 year lie.
saw yr silly meme.hrc has friends frm grade school,staffher.trump has no close friends.why?
i'm nothing without their support!
i didn't forget who has stepped up to judge and who founded our stream!
sending all my love to everyone in nyc right now, i see your tweets &amp; i know most of you are safe but i wanna cuddle you all anyway
come cuddle anytime
what do you wanna hear in the mix w/ ?! send your ! ~
brand new tune
now by ate, do you mean threw it at a guy out the window?
outstanding
unconfirmed reports of a second device on 27th street.
ny1 just mentioned this... and the press conference seems to be delayed, possibly due to the 2nd device being found?
3 explosions. 1 at military 5k. news breaking of mass stabbing at minn. mall. just an unlucky day, america?
the one in virgina might of been a transformer exploding
you good tho?
for sure. see you tomorrow man
i love classy mouths especially on a women
kull i don't say that kinda stuff but they talked bout my cousin so
east. not close.
23rd and 6th and 26th and 5th are not far apart, signed, someone who lives at 26th and 6th, 3 blocks from the blast
lmaoo!! yo they deff fucked up on the old school players. they made carter and billups so damn black.
smh such disrespect bro
she rocks! you will appreciate this
someone more dashing than appreciates it
on my roof drinking wine on my roof talking about how much i love have mercy classic
on ur roof?
holy shit is amadeus over yet
oh thank god it is now i can fucking sleep
due up: cabby ces grandy
hopefully edgin(?) can keep them in check.
elevated danger this weekend in w/interesting weather on the way. tune to for details
it's always interesting weather n sol cal..never know what u will get. :-) c rain n forecast,hope we actually see some.
it took me awhile to get around to it but it's frickin good and keeps getting better aaah
i am so, so hype! the pv was incredible
.: i'm working on your jade cosplay right me: yes a: cutting the materials m: yes a: so i'm rending the fabric of space m: go home
you should really keep a count of how many puns were made to make this cosplay. with a witty echeladder of titles to boot.
florida fans are really salty. y'all be happy you win tonight because you are
go bow down to our nattys little boy
[self~correcting quantum memory] *..you see things; &amp; you say 'why?' but i dream things that never were; &amp; i say "why not?"..*
*never let the future disturb one. one will meet it with the same weapons of reason which today arm one against the present.*
saturday night; looking forward to groc shopping
i don't see any wine on your emoji shopping list!
wow that's fucked
i didn't kno about the bomb so.. makes twisted sense;
florida fans are really salty. y'all be happy you win tonight because you are
go eat your grub and play xbox
haven't had a single ref that's deserved the fat paycheck he gets afterward
players win games, coaches lose games and referees ruin games...
stream highlights series | enjoy the video familia, see you manana!
that moment when you flashed yourself
i just got off the plane. going to check in. then buying shit for the morning
reggie wants to know if the tacos are ready lol
we have a lot of unemployed, i'm sure they wouldn't mind getting anything they can take
its not the immigrants who have their jobs for ex. trump hires a lot of foreigners to work in his hotels a lot am. wont' work farms
taxi driver blasting abba the winner takes all = awesome ride
and now gloria gaynor i will survive. i want this to be my cab always.
florida fans are really salty. y'all be happy you win tonight because you are
you don't have a team
oh shit you're a yuppy sjw from greenpoint.say no more beta male.
i'm gonna price you out of your apartment, buddy
i'm screaming. 2016 is almost over where is it.
jesus im so excited
one can never get quite enough found footage bigfoot movies.
they're all great-
chance is probably the worst main icon since storyteller. no story to tie in to the houses. her zone and house are both the worst.
maybe i won't be her for halloween then
israel ministers call for law that would 'legalize' illegal west bank outpost of amona
you call it illegal west bank outpost? it is just as legal as tel aviv
if i could get my schedule for the week before the start of the week, that would be super.
getting my hours the morning i have to work makes having a life very difficult
paul is playing the game. people take things he does as personal &amp; shouldn't. he could really give 2 chits less.
well i dont like personal igs but thats just my opinion it doesnt have to be put in the game
trying to get out of manhattan
we are up here in manhattan too!!
nah... had to work on monday so times didn't work
ah ok. sorry to hear that. was looking forward to seeing you play.
california here i come!! so excited to go stateside tomorrow with the family
welcome to california sophie!!
look at how gorgeous my best friend is please
shoooootttt
solve hc prob did u?
count on us !
how many cafes have you worked at with syrups? is that a bait n switch?
jk, 2. we made a vanilla simple syrup in house at whirled bean.
what do you wanna hear in the mix w/ ?! send your ! ~
brand new tune
their instrument?
their personality.
mylan ceo heather bresch is daughter of (d-wv).
more cronyism and fleecing the common man!
lol, nothing you can say or do to get under our skin! we're uses to extreme minds like yours.
says the one who supports lashings and crucifixions.
but what about their kids, if the kids are here as citizens but not the parents
if the parents haven't committed a crime we need to let them stay.not give them citizenship. they need to pay back fines, have a job
update: nypd says they have found a second explosive device very near to the location of 1st explosion.
"possible" does not equal "have found." stop.
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
ohhhh i'll bet the nyt is really scared, u twat.
paul is playing the game. people take things he does as personal &amp; shouldn't. he could really give 2 chits less.
and if james was my brother the wrap party would have ambulances
but if you weren't the finished then you have to wait for them
but if u were the solved the puzzle then u get the location where u have to finish first to get the prize
i once broke into some one's house to play their ps2 with one of my friends.
broke and entered to steal back my hookah
says the muslim
cindi you are a disgusting human.
hi lorna! i've heard the gas light, the cuckoos nest &amp; passage!? i'll figure it out. the curse might break this year! haha
the gas light and cuckoos nest are in queens! not sure about passage! haha... yes! fingers crossed, candles lit!
he warmed up last night, almost got in
thanks. and now he's up.
lol, nothing you can say or do to get under our skin! we're uses to extreme minds like yours.
we? lol like you have a say in islamic jurisprudence. too funny.
after what happened to christina grimmie absolutely all large venues should have metal detectors and check bags.
14 thousand people got into a venue with so many young people in one place and they didn't even check bags.
a bomb went off in tonight. we have to get tough, vigilant &amp; smart! got to ban all muslims immediately! immediately! immediately!
you are being a total about this. you aren't funny right now-this is not a joke
the left has run out of valid arguments. make america great again.
, so true, i'm with u!
hang in there :(
trying......
poll: who do you trust to do a better job on the economy?
it's about darn time!
so it means that the family can be split so long as they're criminals?
yes if they have committed a crime they would be split here anyway by being sent to jail. this is bad enough that they need to go
two shots by good grace is soo relatable
*goody grace
kerry they playing muse
i love u 4 this
that's lit! i'm sure she'd be down, time for an adventure
stay away from my boat donovan
bringing a granola bar to the beyonce concert just in case i get in the mood for a little snack during formation or something
update i ate the granola bar and the concert hasn't even started yet
lol, nothing you can say or do to get under our skin! we're uses to extreme minds like yours.
you will lose this war. count on it muslim.
she gave her husband sexy pictures. but when he examined them closer, he saw something shocking.
i'm beginning to wonder abt this sight.i thought it was a disney thing...keep seeing these type of photos...
he just wants to fit
straight to abu dhabi
i'm so free.... lost to shiro in the runback... sorry sorry!!
i saw. that sucks, bud :(
this is my life. sat in boca. raw oyster cult. grateful dead bear backpack. 50 something yr old woman
you had better options.
as trump gets booed in flint, proposes college compact &amp; no tuition for michigan college students
google this....black people shouldn't be fooled by hillary clinton
killarys brain short circuited! trump at height of power!!!!
bannon should stop pretending to be pepe
there you go again, talking like aq &amp; isis. obl would be so proud of being his troll.
they are fueled by the koran, and islam has been a threat long before they existed. nice try.
never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama.
do you like anyone? makes lots of noise like you, but you complain like a 4 year old!
do you agree with ?
smart smart woman!!
u/d manhattan: 135 west 27 st, bomb squad &amp; esu responding for a suspicious package at the location - press conference at 11pm.
why no news break from football? sports more important than injured people in nyc?
great party tonight in new barn at missed having there.
well heck. that does look like fun!
i was legit so scared for yall i texted annie to make sure you guys were safe pls be careful
nypd said our block is closed off for another few hours so i will be slithering the streets for a while tonight lmao
your whole life is tweeting adam negative things about the mets lol
yeah, my whole life....it's just during the games you imbecile
so it means that the family can be split so long as they're criminals?
there are no easy answers, &amp; god knows i don't have all of them, thats why we need to constantly share what we think,so we come up
imo is not much better. she knows exactly what trump is &amp; still supports
i agree 1,000%. she's every bit as deplorable as her manbaby "boss."
i have a habit of memorizing license plates before i leave my car in the parking lot. just in case someone tries it that day.
i have these ugly ass scratches because people open their door and hit my shit
there you go again, talking like aq &amp; isis. obl would be so proud of being his troll.
deflection from the truth. the best you parasites can do.
reports now are explosion might have been caused by chemicals in a construction dumpster at renovation site.
doubt it-no construction was going on today-
let's be clear:islam is not our adversary muslims are peaceful and tolerant people and have nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism
you joking right?
remember when bush said "go to the mall"? e-commerce didn't exist.
hate following this thread, but once e-commerce gets bump from terror event, what % shoppers ever go back to brick&amp;mortor?
uhhhhhh find the next doppin guy and he'll sling it around the yard and beat us on 4th and 14 without breaking a sweat
stop whining
jared is the one, i think!
jared is the perfect vision of lestat
roberson 9 ufc fights and i can't remember one of them
i don't know who it was against, but he has a sick leg lock win i remember.
the most requested song of the hour is next!
brand new tune
john kasich openly supporting obama, tpp and hillary, says, "he won't vote trump"
only lived in 4 year. never met any stupid enough people who would vote 4 over
aaaaaand, that's how the terrorists win.
yeah maybe. but can't help being thoughtful.
the 20th anniversary of ok computer is gonna make me feel really old
same. i clearly remember picking up the european import version (which came out week before us version) at record stop in ronkonkoma
lmao i can't wait to tell jeff this shit
tell him he kno
don't worry! obama will release more prisoners from gitmo after we find out this was a terrorist attack.
politicizing 26 people getting injured with no confirmed details - always a good look
my man is going to hate the continent of europe after beats in today.
my friend will hate europe and the nation of canada, based on the outcome and likely outcome of in .
because a lot of these farms are taking advantage of illegal workers and paying them under federal minimum wage, not hiring am.
i think if we let them come out of the shadows then this will be decreased. right now they can't complain cuz theyre illegal
yeah sets up play action and give a qb a week we should be good an calloway back
exactly... callaway will be back luckily
how many cafes have you worked at with syrups? is that a bait n switch?
and no because it wasn't sitting on a shelf in a convenience store, it was served by a professional who could comm. the value.
poll: how much trust and confidence do you have in mass media?
who are the 30+ innocents who trust ?? bet they love hillary too
wtf texts that ended relationships
not sure i want to keep following glitter fairy if this is what it tweets....not want i thought it was...
my favorite projects this year so far 1. tlop 2. birds in the trap 3. views 4. major key 5.evol 6 perfect luv tape
idk what birds in the trap is but bc you have tlop as i give you credit
i feel like the world should know that i'm sitting next to the voice of the kool-aid guy at a wedding. i love you, la.
as in "oh, yeah!!"????
not yet... no one wants to play for a joke of a program runs anymore anyways.
that's why we will put more top prospects in the 1st round than stanford again! i guess they don't want to play
democrats across michigan highlight why hillary clinton is the best candidate for young voters
google this b 4 you vote!!!black people shouldn't be fooled by hillary clinton, or blacks shld be made to heel. they r predators
he said he wouldn't draft mccaffrey because he is white. i called him out and asked him why and he won't reply.
what a dick lol
it's "only" ucf &amp; it was ugly.. but i'm in a much better mood after that win.. they don't grade 'em, they just add 'em up!
hammer purdue and setup matchup with state penn
he's so ready
or to my house. it's cool.
because a lot of these farms are taking advantage of illegal workers and paying them under federal minimum wage, not hiring am.
we need to come together as a country, no matter what side we are on and try ot come up with humane solutions
wk2 rankings to chew on while you're out &amp; about rb wr
torn choose 3 in ppr evans sanders baldwin and cruz
says the muslim
cindi for someone who "has faith in a loving god" according to your profile - you are a disgusting &amp; hateful human.
they found another one 27th street
omg wtf . this is awful
congrats.we stunk no excuses.but we had a great tailgate.
a great tailgate goes a long way!
what if you faded delanie for jesse?
could then take yeldon over delanie but would have to come off pats d to raiders. could go kerley over fuller...
you will never see your boys of troy make it to another cfb championship in your lifetime
before you see yours
the most honest tweet of the night on the explosion. pay attention.
i'm here, too. all chill.
what is a globalist?
a bis board member/mafia don/capo/bankster
cave tour + wine tasting @ rombauer winery, napa valley
i've been here myself a few times. great tour.
saw yr silly meme.hrc has friends frm grade school,staffher.trump has no close friends.why?
aside frm his family, has only ppl wanting something frm him.sad,really.hc has long-time friends.
how about mochas? 16oz? dirty chais? there's an endless list of things that are unpure that have opened doors for consumers
i maintain there is a difference when a live person is available to engage consumers.
man rop said the same thing
man idk joysound has next to no imas
many people are calling to congratulate me on the explosion. i don't want congrats, but remember - i called it before anyone!
you could have thrown together that horseshit, "the art of the deal," too.
josh edgin with a scoreless frame. 2, 2, mid-12
let's end this already!
cameo appearance at dinner by .
wha? seriously? where?
"the secretary instructed her staff to provide updates to her as the situation develops," the aide added.
while trump told his supporters before anyone knew it was a bomb. totally irresponsible
honestly gonna be the best "now and then" in the yearbook
in all seriousness yes it is lol glow up
lol! i have a hard time taking this seriously. i mean do you really think jatalie is a real thing?
you said jatalie im talking about his personal digs towards james hence if he was my brother lol
i think that's why
yeah everyone is talking about it
i just took a piss behind the nuns house but it's fine
classy i like it
truly delicious feelings: pulling off a biore pore strip and having a drink after a long ass day both of which ya girl is about 2 do
omg. aren't you ina cab right now? tweeting about biore strips on a saturday eve??!!
that was me driving the aviato car
how did u get access to that? epic
and as the same as the usa treats israel... they both remain relevant...some.......how........
i don't recall israel going 12-0 four years ago.
the most requested song of the hour is next!
brand new tune
well i enjoy having peaceful discourse on these subjects, as most people tend to blow up online
nah that doesn't solve anything. me too, i am worried about our country and our kids, this is why i tutor
i think that's why
i'm around chelsea
wowowwow look at that glow up
how old is she now?!!
there you go again, talking like aq &amp; isis. obl would be so proud of being his troll.
i condemn all of the above, they are all part of the cult of islam. as you are.
just why does hillary clinton want to be president?
hillary started this marathon,about the time she started working for children in 70s.african americans.women.she justwantschang
could then take yeldon over delanie but would have to come off pats d to raiders. could go kerley over fuller...
leaving me with 5700 in flex (latavious, olsen, etc..) while keeping pats d
register now for a clinton/kaine yard sign and add a splash of blue to your outdoor decor:
google this black people shouldn't be fooled by hillary clinton or google blacks should be made to heel, predators...then vote
i know i've been so off lately but this is just a little reminder that i love you deeply . will do my best to tweet often and talk to u!
how was your day going it's been hard to stay awake
have you heard 'shift' by on ?
oh i am so at home with this sound
shun settling down to rest with ruri watching over him is perfect for a line in mine
i'm putting my amv aside for a couple weeks anyway since i think the next 4 episodes are gonna have a lot of content i'll want.
the day that my brother brings home a white girl is the day i ruin her life
man this day and age i wouldn't blame him if he did
most memorable game of my life! still get questions about that game. it was legit! hope all is well brother!
likewise brother. especially our little fighter hayes
you will never see your boys of troy make it to another cfb championship in your lifetime
i guarantee we play for one in the next 4 years or sooner.. your paper champs are the slut bag bridesmaids everyone rides
concrete jungle where dreams are made of. @ times square, new york city
pleased to reconnect face-to-face -- putting you, , et al back in touch with
this business owner is acting like a tyrant. don't miss premiere episode tuesday at 10p et/pt on cnbc.
ha ! just a normal day in paradise.
desperation!!!!!!!!!!!!!! obama knows trump is going to win! .
what?? obama using his race to guilt african americans? "personal insult"? this is priceless
gts: and are going side by side swapping positions for the lead!
great stuff!!
you guys are so nice to me
bc we love you to the moon and back and no asteroid can ruin that
or, bring in fowler from anaheim to bring back the windsor spitfire core that won the '10 memorial cup.
that's an idea, too.
no one asked your opinion
i'm here to tell the truth.... how the clouds buddy?
well i enjoy having peaceful discourse on these subjects, as most people tend to blow up online
i need to get some sleep, maybe we can talk again sometime. you got some great ideas too. its good to c someone thinking
check in friends!! what's going on? our friends ok?
we were a couple of blocks from it but safe and heading back
u obviously know nothing of ahmadiyyat. seek knowledge. or keep trolling
lol that site sanctions lashing, forced dominance, and sex slavery. mental case.
you will have to remove me from this boat
challenge accepted
sure. believe everything you read. react right away. twitter especially reliable.
i was calling david and poltico out for being clickbait whores with that headline.
she knows what's she's talking about.
lol right, all because you say so.
if we're going to win in november, we need everyone to get involved. join mi women for hillary:
black people shouldn't be fooled by hillary clinton google it before you vote or google blacks shld be made to heel!
meat cleaver muslim who hacked nypd cops threatened synagogue screaming "allahu akbar", prior knife arrests: ...
i don't hear anybody yelling for meat cleaver control, only gun control!
i love how you don't accept special interest money!
yep, except that russian cash! trump is corrupt, in my opinion.
*watches the background*
*fur moves wile flying then lands*
republicans can't stop bashing the consumer financial protection bureau, the hero in the wells fargo story
...aint that a blip....
. the documents are still available, post the ones you think support your claims.
. according to everything in a blog is dismissible even source docs
glad you are safe. sending good vibes to the hurt. have a good evening!
ty. lil unsettling. 9/11 was enough 4 me. still sirens. maybe long night in the strong apple !
if you follow every new poll you will have a heart attack. you also won't be able to see the forest for the trees.
true. i'm trying hard to kick my daily 538 addiction....
great results from hoco session!! text me if you want me to to yours
are you free october 15??
are you in the chelsea area?
four blocks away from the explosion
you said jatalie im talking about his personal digs towards james hence if he was my brother lol
i got no quarrels your entitled to think what ya want but no point in arguing if you dont we dont share same opinions
you're finally coming out the closet?
yes stanley i'll follow your path and come out with you
u obviously know nothing of ahmadiyyat. seek knowledge. or keep trolling
exposing you liars for allah is not trolling. it is helping humanity.
let's face it fellas in retrospect we're all right that we've gone for it and not punted
at least that 2 point conversion didn't come back to hurt us...
no i meant the nj thing was luck cuz no one got hurt.
yes! with a 5k race set to start, it's a miracle.
you rocked guilford tonight ! absolutely fantastic show !!! lots of action at the merchandise tables folks buying
by the way you slayed purple rain !!!!
can't help falling in love with you
um no dont fall in love.
yes it's v relaxing but i prefer college football when i have no rooting interests.
never too late to throw together some draftkings lineups. changes your sunday viewing pleasure..
omg , they have bombs planted all over nyc
apparently in nj too; their suspecting it's terrorists trying to bomb the upcoming marine corp races
i'm so glad you're okay. i got really worried
i'm alright!!! nice and safe in my dorm.
y'all should settle this via timb battle
lol, i give up. close is in the eye of the beholder, i guess.
yeah it sucks (although they added saite jewel)
oh hell yeah that's a fun one to sing (make sure to do arisu's lines in character)
a gas leak into a dumpster i don't think so. fox is saying it could be construction debris. hahaha gawd i hate the media
it was an ied. definitely not construction debris. the explosion was heard for blocks
tell obama you promise to vote and tweet
i already sent in my absentee ballot
the most requested song of the hour is next!
brand new tune
this is twice, in two comeback situations this season that bk has gone in a shell. i'm so confused. that's anti-bk and he did it twice
so true! with the offense humming like it was n d struggling how do u not put your faith in your strength n the teams??
1/2 mill people accepted islam ahmadiyya just this year. apparently we can!
so you want islam to takeover america. traitor.
swam right next to the golden gate bridge today, i'm loving life
what the fuck are you talking about
how about mochas? 16oz? dirty chais? there's an endless list of things that are unpure that have opened doors for consumers
it's not about purity. it's about representing what you stand for. transparency, quality, etc...
you're gonna be alright! saying a prayer for you babe
thank you love
breaking: possible second explosive device found near site of new york city blast: police official on twitter
...hedzup out there folks...
but don't ya wanna come be in jurassic park with us
more than life. more than riches. more than anything.
i guarantee we play for one in the next 4 years or sooner.. your paper champs are the slut bag bridesmaids everyone rides
not good enough to be on the big stage..you guys celebrate rose bowl victories we celebrate national championship big difference
he doesn't accept losing. he balls out. no reason to not be kind after the game.
he's been great but sorry, i cant take the smiling and yuking it up with opponent after getting manhandled as a team
the explosion could be anything. for example, says cnn reporter, "it could be a jilted lover."
i am so proud of our news media.
i heard vore is legal if it's in self-defense or if you're super hungry.
only in about nineteen states!
no i meant the nj thing was luck cuz no one got hurt.
i spent all day on the shore in ocean grove and asbury park. beautiful day and lots of ppl
just wanna wish my baseball stud good luck today
who's that?
they def are up to nefarious acts
the worst nightmares have become true right under our noses bc ppl failed to see it
i haven't seen him say anything that isn't true. it's okay, jamesy is a big boy.
he is but friendship ends at the end of big brother thats for sure
1/2 mill people accepted islam ahmadiyya just this year. apparently we can!
that number is a joke compared to those turning against it.
omg sweet caroline tho. kit and i did karaoke to this at geneseo like 6 years ago
wow how far you've come
so happy you weren't on that train &amp; are safe . love you lots &amp; can't wait to see you
love you and can't wait
*never let the future disturb one. one will meet it with the same weapons of reason which today arm one against the present.*
*feel the power of an idea whose time has come.* *live as if you were to die tomorrow. learn as if you were to live forever.*
idek! she used to look a lil cray
srsly she did
"it's all speculation, but i'll speculate it's not terror." seriously? i guess it all blew itself up--with an ied.
it may not be islamic terrorism but any bombs going off in public place is terrorism. inciting terror
pitiful performance by . points came against a d that had checked out.
come on. gotta give them credit for at least making it a game. could have easily been an fsu situation
i wish i could agree but no this is far from accurate
we really gonna sit here and fight about curry being the best ?
thanks for the birthday wishes! i'm 20 years old. call me daddy.
we have the same birthday and both turned 20. we were meant to be besties.
no i meant the nj thing was luck cuz no one got hurt.
miracle-seaside had a lot of folks headed there.
omg sweet caroline tho. kit and i did karaoke to this at geneseo like 6 years ago
we need to hang out next time
i was thinking about dabbing lol
u should of!!! take advantage of that next time lol
i never got into it because it looked like it'd be on cancellation watch from the start. streaming anywhere?
it had some strange and abrupt changes in tone.
nope, again, you obviously know nothing about us. seek knowledge
zzzzzzzzzz just empty words. i will never support islam.
i knew this guy was a liberal!!! snake in the grass too.
i don't think it's a case of liberal v. conservative. it's the 1% v. the 99%
reminder: hillary wants to bring in millions of refugees!
coming to your neighborhood soon!
sometimes i feel like is more invested in my sex life than i am
someone has to care
offense is pretty basic too, just throw it to lol
pitch and catch, o looks filthy
well apparently some nigga is trying to sign into my phone
no, but srsly who r u
dear if you lose ari, you lose the war. sincerely, fans
is my litmus.
of course not even the gays live there now. it is all women from ohio. they are very fit, and they have little dogs, and they keep cars.
the latter is the worst of it.
also next july will be my 10th anniversary. yikes.
me too, next halloween - congrats!
nope, again, you obviously know nothing about us. seek knowledge
what was that?
if you have time you can do a jeanne moreau double at &amp; hit la notte &amp; elevator to the gallows. (the showtimes work)
i may end up doing this!
yo check out my highlights
what's this ??
is all of team usa out now?
no there are still plenty of us players left.
i'm obsessed with you
um i am obsessed with you
is sayed ammar nakshawani married? - i think hes divorced i could be wrong
didn't you know muslims can marry up to 4 wives?
i'm antsy to get mine done. i might substitute shun on the futon or.something as a placeholder
what music are you using?
never would've guessed
u retweeted my boss' sister! lolz
happy birthday hope you have an awesome day. hopefully our paths cross before the summer of 2018
oh they definitely will!!! thank you!!
nope, again, you obviously know nothing about us. seek knowledge
what was that?
will dm mailing addy
i have a key. she knows i will show up at 2am for cookies if she doesn't comply with my need for cookies.
they will be on sale
you'd think that right? even when we suck they rarely r. at least with the bills that's true lol.
defiant new yorkers tell nation: "i guess it's flatiron?"
couldn't it also technically be nomad?
the most requested song of the hour is next!
excellent tune
even the prays. the story continues this monday at 9/8c.
cant wait to meet mom
yikes. stay safe
thanks, but with our dope of a mayor that may be tough. our cops are tops though, so i'll be on the subway mon morn as usual
breaking news: nypd special ops: possible secondary device has been located at 27th st. between 6th &amp; 7th avenues.
trump is right. vetting immigrants who hate us is necessary to protect america and americans!
yo jessie if you really didn't know that the person on the right has right-of-way then i'm concerned x.x
i drive so little it doesn't really matter.
honestly we held back a lot of stuff today you could tell
totally agree
*hops off and looks around*
nice place,now lets go kill someone,or be there friend xd
nyc friends, are you okay? i'm anxiously checking your feeds.
okay here but was tough to get back into my building at 23rd and 8th - lots of cops
nope, again, you obviously know nothing about us. seek knowledge
i know if the world falls to islam other muslims will wipe you out. take care!
i'm in chelsea and nobody in new york is panicking. nor should you, wherever you are.
thank you! just posted similar...could have been anything! i was under it att on the train.
illegal activist who says mexicans aren't rapists is arrested 4 rape
the depths of hypocrisy on the left never cease to amaze!
happy birthday beautiful! hope you have a fantastic one
thank you!!!
every chicago police patrol officer to wear a body camera by 2018:
each one will malfunction at critical moments
hey brian kelly "you play to win the game". never trust this defense to get a stop.
in his defense they had just forced how many stops in a row?
reminder: donald trump is actively rooting for the explosion in nyc to turn out to be a terrorist attack. let that sick reality sink in.
trump could take a shit on a cancer patient and his supporters would still vote for him rme
you can ball out and still be a class act. his smiling is zero indication that he doesn't care..or the team.
i hope. just don't think we saw guys smiling in 2007 loss to stanford
i made it on app bitmoji. not a bad likeness of me!
very, very cool!!
so am i to understand that florida fans don't want to play in a rubber match?lol
rubber match? what planet are you on buddy
. injuries are significant. we can confirm one of those injured are likely to die. no evidence of terror incident
did he say "one" or "none"?
i feel to share my vacation with u
thank you sweetheart! you have a well-deserved glorious rest of vacation! i love you! xoxo
now you are showing your true colors! you're a warmonger. obl would be so proud of you!
islam is perpetual war. i am just defending life as i know it,
so am i to understand that florida fans don't want to play in a rubber match?lol
you had 53 yards of offense!!!!!
please join me in wishing a happy birthday to one of my favs, hope you have a wonderful celebration day!!
thanks bob!!
"the disputed border area between chelsea and flatiron was the site of an explosion saturday"
seems unfair to not give nomad some consideration
sisters sing praises to the lord.
speaking to one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in ur heart to the lord eph.5:19
yeah i was hearing transformer exploded too, but the nj bombing was no coincidence. lucky tho
a transformer exploded? what triggered it?
donald trump tells his supporters a "bomb went off in new york"
how many hours later? quick reflexes there, bozo.
so am i to understand that florida fans don't want to play in a rubber match?lol
your team is a boat of garbage
if you say so, phere. where?
oooooops wacky shenanigans
movie night with babe, but work is going by so slow
an hour and a half left for both of us
he will lose in a landslide with coattails in the senate and state houses. he is a vile monster, coward draft-dodger, tax-cheat.
i hope you are right
what is temecula?is that a place?you wanna get wrapped up tonight?
are you hitting on me?
rich memoir cooks up jewish ambivalence with a side of schmaltz
i just got this book treyf by elissa altman from
im wondering if cain could be an option at closer. his 1st innings this year have been fine
yeah i was thinking the same could happen
take away the holding call on the cj sanders kick off return for a touchdown on the starting kickoff the game it be going
or the botched punt, too many mistakes n missed chances n not taking shots earlier.
now you are showing your true colors! you're a warmonger. obl would be so proud of you!
i see, if one opposes islamic rule they are a "warmonger". idiot.
...anything other than working on dragon age was actively given offense. "you're clearly not working as hard as you could be."
"omg you eat?! what a lazy dev"
anywhere! ahah i haven't eaten though :/
well you're the birthday girl it's whatever you want!
i've got to look into this further. sound's interesting!
signed up for the free trial. will evaluate. thanks.
*feel the power of an idea whose time has come.* *live as if you were to die tomorrow. learn as if you were to live forever.*
[impulsive meditation] *never tell people how to do things. tell them what to do and they will surprise with their ingenuity*
in what way is what i said bigoted? you lying wretch. read, think, then tweet. dumb ass.
bet this pic will upset them more than bomb goin off injuring 25
only utsa fans can heckle fans so back off florida.
bow down to our trophies little boy
happy birthday and happy grand opening day to friend and client, !
thank you...and of course thank you for stopping by...you looked like a boss sitting at my desk
with the exception of like pacific
state champs is so good...
close enough
what do you mean? that's the guy.
charlottesville was confirmed underground transformer. i guess that's a device...
no-it isn't. i've seen one explode before. what triggered this one?
i'm very close to giving up on lance leipold
he has a good deal of youth
. is only trying "getting tough.", meaning that he is asking his audience basically to simply (*brace themselves*)
an baft&amp;e in they aren't going to vote these to ??
just gone leave this here. if u smart ull watch. i ain't standing for shit
i'd have thrown up on the spot.
were all here at the hotel!!
not us! we were a few blocks from it but heading back to hotel
sizing up the next commander-in-chief - wsj powerful and provocative op-ed from former secdef gates. do you agree?
gates is right.the president has to be level headed.needs to have proper foreign policy.proper economic policy,nodefault
we play bowl games after the new year. you play before christmas.
when do you play for a championship again? your dad wasn't even born, shit your dads dad wasn't either
. knows terrorist attacks will help , so they're downplaying the four bombs in nj &amp; in . treasonous!
a new device found 4 blocks away from the original explosion in chelsea-still no idea who did this intentional act
idk how close you are to chelsea but hope you are ok
was actually eating dinner and heard it go off from a block away but i'm gucci and ty for asking!
curry is overrated
a little , but he dead is nice .. leading a team to 73-9 with a team full of all stars and still dropping 30 points he works
you were among the first to boycott the state of north carolina, , but now you condemn a boycott of the state of israel. how?
and she claims to be fighting for dc statehood.
yes tru we go to the cubbyhole in the village it is a+
i've heard good things but don't have any queer friends to go with @ this stage so let's do it sometimes
son of beetch sheet
we are never, ever going home tonight....
from what i've read, amazon is the only big cloud provider than runs biz on same infrastructure. microsoft making progress, google doesn't.
yes! the insecurity is that it's dog-fooding*
"if he gets to pick his judges, nothing you can do, folks. although first amendment people, maybe there is..."
but he makes all kinds of nonsense!
i'm not fuckin worth enough to anyone am i lmfao
just gotta find the right person
nope. was a transformer explosion.
okay. does anyone know what triggered it? they rarely explode spontaneously.
yes tru we go to the cubbyhole in the village it is a+
i do want to check that place out so much soon
their distorted version of it. like the christians in the dark ages. you share their mentality.
prove it is distorted. smear tactics fail khan,.
*jumps off* yea xd
*starts running and the place starts getting warmer heading to the forest*
all bad news should be accompanied by a photo of a kitten
i would vote for that
an baft&amp;e in they aren't going to vote these to ??
has the bought our wire nyc
diblasio is offering a press conference now
yep, i'm watching. he says that so far, no links to terrorism but it was "an intentional act." looking for witnesses.
constantly bumpin' slob on my knob in high school made me the degenerate i am today
with signed records to dim mak
you know who did? arlene francis. goddamndest thing.
i thought you wrote anne francis for a second there. she learned judo for honey west
think of it tenn best cb out our qb out going to be interesting
not only that
there is no credible and specific threat against new york city -
if their is no specific or credible attack against ny then what is it? 2 bombs 2 different locations doesn't sit right
if i were to have a son or daughter, could i honestly believe that trump cares whether my child reaches their full potential?
he would care far more than hillary. hillary hasn't even put though into security and safety.
doesn't an unfollow solve this problem at its root?
ig introduced this festure after years of being a photo stream. photo streams are easy to skim. i follow 521 people.
okey dokey - so walk them in private? who hates dogs? what kind of person?!?!
pardon my french but fuck them
was my home &amp; was my favorite spot! they had a
was my home &amp; was my favorite spot! they had $2.50
their distorted version of it. like the christians in the dark ages. you share their mentality.
how stupid are you? most of usa does not want islamic rule. got it now?
a possible secondary device has been located @ 27th street, 6th - 7th avenues. nvestigations are ongoing. avoid the area
great job, and be safe-thank you for your service
run down factory
kinda hard to run down such a big building. taunted houses, batman!
with the upmost respect... no one's the same after fighting .
is the champ!!!!!
you forgot houston, try again
they're no. 6. i'll take stanford and clemson over them on a neutral field. and ou ain't all that.
nope. was a transformer explosion.
i was abt 100yards from one that did. scary shit.a direct lightning strike did it in that case
there is no reason bwhy rochester can support a food/drink scene this amazing...but it...does.
i say we punch above our weight in many things.
i had to go back to listen but yeah, totally sounds like a bad 90s remix.
the one i am listening to now is basically "california girls" by katy perry with different words.amazing.
happiness is being home on a saturday pm w my sweet peanut &amp; furry baby. love is in the air. gnight.
love it that's how us scorpios roll
how is he doing is he a million dollars yet
we're only on the first boy
that sense of satisfaction you feel when all your devices are plugged in and charging...
like all the planets have aligned
something going on in chelsea. explosion, some injuries, thankfully no deaths.
was a block away from the flatiron building. w 23rd &amp; 6th
yeah but what you saw there was a lack of class, especially in '09. shake your opponent's hand, have a few words, and get off.
"this team will go to hell and back before it takes a loss" -oscar lua 2005. this team now will take a loss no problem
: b/d e and f trains are bypassing 23 st, due to nypd activity at 23 st. allow additional travel time.
the alert in station said e and f terminating at 21, some f over g line.
anyone in nyc right now please be safe!
the one day i am
everyone else: a dumpster exploded! ny'ers: and? everyone else: aren't you afraid ? ny'ers: about what?
i was on the rerouted e train running on the f line and under it when it happened, heard nothing til i got to my station!
top influencers this week! have a great weekend :) &gt;&gt; get ?
thanks guys! hope you're having a great weekend!
not clear what it was yet, too early to say definitively. multiple reports say it was in a dumpster.
i didn't say for sure it was ied..i said i heard it was an ied.
we should look at the loss this way.... down 36-7, they battled all the way back to make it interesting.
this is true, but to quote coach kelly, "there's no moral victories". at least we're not fsu.
uhhhh i don't even know what season / arc that is. let me google real quick so i don't accidentally spoil something for u
oh the edolas arc. i love that arc!
video shows moment of ied explosion at w 23 st &amp; 6th ave in manhattan
scary stuff the car that stopped out of no where before &amp; until after explosion then zoomed off looked very suspicious.
in total healing mode. sending out light, love and healing blessings. calling on all angels for their guidance and protection.
thankyou. blessings to those injured
de blasio: no indication blast was terror-related, although it appears to have been an intentional act
how is it possible to be intentional but not terrorism?
yes dear. try doodle face app sa android.
wow salamuch!
trump is desperate...
many people r saying what is so winning this election is essential 2 his people will do anything 2 do it
you're doing pretty well from what i saw on your snapchat.
it's just not as clean as it should be but thanks. :)
probably roger stone is setting fire to dumpsters
don't give them any ideas.
foreal bro .. i was gonna go to 7th but people bailed out
7th the weekend i get back lol
.: "none of those injured are likely to die... no evidence at this point of a terror connection."
no evidence yet! but why else bomb civilians???
me i've cried almost every night for the past two weeks lol
literally over nothing too like i'm a nervous wreck 24/7
which polls, i mean
multiple surveys at roper center from pew, nbc/wsj, cbs/nyt, abc/post, national journal, uconn, usatoday/gallup, cnn/orc
yeah also i don't remember "irresponsible intent" as being a thing from my media law class
it's somewhere in the back of the book
watching the get down, my mind is blown by the transformation nyc had undergone in the past 35 or so years.
yo. i have so many stories.
couldn't help it, no harm meant!
i know. i was on flights this week and they announced to samsung note users to turn their phones off. hahaha
ig introduced this festure after years of being a photo stream. photo streams are easy to skim. i follow 521 people.
521 channels of vid is a whole other beast. i could unfollow them, but so long photo feed i love. plus, that is ridic tedious.
what world do these guys live in? not transparent on taxes, foundation or health.
i keep feeling like we are living in two different worlds, or that there are really alternate realities happening here. smh.
we are proud of you son
almost proud enough to let you on the boat
[impulsive meditation] *never tell people how to do things. tell them what to do and they will surprise with their ingenuity*
[telling data stories] *we judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing. others judge us by what we have already done.*
.: "all hands are on deck. injuries are significant."
makes one wonder who and why?
willow creek is my favorite. i could never shake the feeling watching exists that i was looking at a tech demo, though.
the two are a study in contrast and the development of the found footage flick over time
and now i know why will fuller left and went to the texans. he knew that defense was going to be soft
i mean how many guys left for the nfl?
has the bought our wire nyc
needless to say
bob stoops will forever be a winner in my eyes!
he's from ohio... of course he is
5 loss trojans..............if we're lucky!!!!! would hate to see the players quit on the rest of the season, but i wouldn't be surprised
5 is optimistic. coming friday
it's been an hour is this really still going
every time i say bye she starts up again replying multiple times to the same tweets lmao
less than 5% of the ocean has actually been explored and y'all still don't believe in mermaids ...
wait seriously?!? only 5%....
maybe he can ride on the back of your bike naked
my cape takes up too much room!
[telling data stories] *we judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing. others judge us by what we have already done.*
*(s)even people who claim everything is predestined, &amp; that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.*
you're terrified of seeing spoilers and demand to know every detail about media you might consume before it comes out.
two ways to resolve that. 1. false aggregation; different people. 2. people want clues they can solve, not answers.
coming in with the most creative burn and hashtag of the season, since you're the biggest tragedy since paris. ead
unt has a team?!
where are you staying? this is all happening within blocks of my office.
in brooklyn but about half a mile south of all of this now
youre so perfect
thanks babe you too
trump spends all day coming unglued at gates,nytimes,hillary,now he's clearly ecstatic about explosion in
trump's trigger finger is itching for that nuclear button - so what if its itchy without even knowing what's happened yet
and fixing it up when it breaks down again by christmas. what year anyway?
2000 and go fuck yourself.
i'll make a trip to ny. just let me know when!
huh... sounds like a plan! for how long can you come and what days of week work better for you?
yeah i need to get away from here for a while
let's find a redhead to fuck.
very strong. 10/10
since i've had him around, my house has barely been robbed.
wait is this the margaret youre takking about
the tall one!
this little gold fish is alive thanks to a $500 life-saving surgery
i'm buying a new one for the 10...
remember when you lied about my spot on yours and then called me a bitch last night
i donut recall.
it appears that this was an "intentional" act, says on explosion
thanks, captain obvious!
and dumbasses belong in high-school
but the fact that u and ur wife dont follow me but are lurking on my page is sad. so yea exit my page "fam" :)
nyc mayor: explosion appears to have been an "international act."
that makes no sense
thanks for helping! they found the dog a little bit ago. so happy for them!
so glad a very sweet dog
, this is a problem that's gone unaddressed for 2 updates &amp; more &amp; more people are finding it an issue...
well even though it's super frustrating, at least it's not just me...
about five blocks. walked by it today.
almost took a picture for you, actually.
glow sticks are out on the right side of the road about every quarter mile
can i come round 2 lol jk
lol tonight at work i had to ask a table where they were in their meal i'm a joke of a waitress fire me now i'm ready
to be fair to myself i had an allergic reaction in my eye so had to leave the dining room and no one checked on my tables
levi's stadium is horrible and should never have been built.
a lot of voters in santa clara feel the same.
welcome nnem, always keeping the public informed, thats what i call engagement. u go girl, you are super
thanks. i hope i see you this time around..
most episodes have homework links on our site, when i'm not lazy.
but i am lazy and didn't go to website. thanks for heads up.
i know i love my cat, i let this rando take a pic with my baby tho
oh that's not cool, i'd never share mine
nyc mayor bill de blasio says there's "no specific connection" between nj explosion and nyc explosion incidents.
give me a break?! there has to be a connection, it can't be coincidence.
ut will face uf without all-sec cb cam sutton, all-sec lb darrin kirkland, possibly others including all-sec lb jalen reeves-maybin. yikes.
see.... they probably will be out without their 3 best defensive players
ima need that smiley face on snapchat to turn to the heart emoji now. for streaks.
u know it's real when it's the red heart
playing lame is gonna be the meta imo lo
you mean its nit already?
explosion up the street from my house tonight. 26 injured...... what is going on in this world. so scary
i heard... i couldn't believe it as i was around there last week... it is really scary to think "what if".
the 4-foot radius surrounding don lemon constitutes a gay enclave.
how does he have a job? he's terrible at it.
lest we forget some of the other ways shakespeare is of use in our modern world...
using your head, shakespeare!
and fixing it up when it breaks down again by christmas. what year anyway?
2008. only the 2nd year the jk was available.
to be fair to myself i had an allergic reaction in my eye so had to leave the dining room and no one checked on my tables
but this is still a major dining faux pas
i was more of the opposite when we first ate out haha
ate out!? when we first started dating, lol you hardly ate my chicken parm
nyc mayor: explosion appears to have been an "international act."
um...you spelled "intentional" wrong
the most eye opening thing about true crime documentaries is that most accused murderers have a much more stable love life than me.
also you realize their apartments only look like that after they've violently murdered someone in it, right?
.: "the initial indication is this was an intentional act."
no surprises here. of course it's intentional and i bet it's terrorists!
how is he that confused? has to be scheme.
that's not scheme. that's just being a bonehead. it's a basic 3-deep zone. any corner knows what you do there.
to be clear: a dumpster blew up. nyc calm. tr**p freaking everyone out hurts us so he should stfu and leave it to the nyfd to make the calls
well nyc mayor says it was intentional
yep! i'm a little north of there but all my familia lives there. welcome to the bay.
thanks i'll actually be in san fran and then oakland tomorrow and monday
agree. if you're starting an ios project today, there's no reason to use cocoapods.
i disagree with this personally, but also don't disagree with the original statement.
part mockery, part shock-to-the-system wake up call: my story on obama's rip-roaring indictment of trump just now:
this is his fault. is no better than 50/50. he knows why. he fell on his sword nonetheless.
use the block button
genuinely entertained
my heart hurts
i love you all. please take care, be safe. know you're loved &amp; not alone. anyone suffering in any way is in my prayers tonight/always. xoxo
pigs in a blanket but with cheese and rly garlicy
pigs inside garlic bread
how was stoops as a coach last season as compared to now?
uncomfortable, that's what. he was under scrutiny. this year, high recruiting class, good returning lineup, overconfidence.
they're making me hold temporarily. will publish as soon as i get the go ahead.
waiting! ;-) thanks for being on top of this
this gorgeous cat slipped his/her way in through the back door of our apartment tonight.
we live in center square near madison &amp; dove in albany.
fdny: 25 hurt in apparent explosion in chelsea neighborhood via
still hearing helicopters and sirens. we r east. blessings to all injured
what's poppin out there? i see explosion in ny all over???
everythings fine out here im at work !
will we be able to get more info on? i live in okc huge afb here i want to help
yes you will! we will even have veterans onsite
don't forget the other nice people who share this special day. phil jackson, john ritter, orlando cepeda, etc.
pepperidge farm remembers
are you sure it wasn't drunk sex?
whichever drunk person you were alluding to.
if nobody fuck with me i fuck with myself
i fuck with you with but you never fuck back lol
how many mic flags can we have at the podium?
wow, mics spread out as oppose to being altogether. btw, those nypd logos aren't mics.
you've obviously never dated a woman from cleveland.
i have not had that pleasure.
unreal! i lost my voice after the 1st match.
freaking cool
he never was working for us. b hussein o is the muslim-in-chief.
i love history and the italian people revolt against
intentional act but not terrorism. doesn't putting an incendiary device in public fall under terrorism definition?
no. it's possible that it was either a crazy person or a non-political mass-murderer. but those are much less likely.
literally this tweet just made my night you have no idea
you made ours. thanks boo.
part 2, which was a series of 3 for one individual ;v; these all were so much fun!
seriously the coolest shit! thanks again! =)
yeah those were the bad chrysler years
from what i hear, those electrical issues aren't going away still just by bad design though easy fix.
this is more an issue of scheme and fundamentals than it is heart.
i think that is generally correct. but all the losing has to hurt their mental toughness
*(s)even people who claim everything is predestined, &amp; that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.*
confession time? here's what i got a curious creator i~open~sourced a-plot a private dic~tator now d.n.a. calls the shot(s)
check in on you two. you both safe and sound?
yeah, i'm no where near there. thanks for asking!
don't hit me up bc i deleted and blocked your number. what you did today shows you have no chill. i cant fuck with you anymore.
what's with the twitter name ?
you've been watching foxnews---they lie to you ..trump is a con man.. wise-up he's talking you folks on a ride
obviously these people are not the least bit interested in facts and believe every lie trump utters, tho repeatedly debunked.
cult is a mindset. you're spreading aq/isis/obl message for them. y'all are spiritual brothers.
islam has been a threat long before those groups existed. smear tactics fail.
let's see u drop off this list next time with that attitude.
you're hurtful
just in: 29 injuries now reported after nyc explosion:
now you cover the story?
mayor de blasio says was an intentional act but doesn't know if it was a terrorist attack. how many times have we heard that before
it probably means that they know something, but that they are not saying.
im emotional right now. knows i exist.
of course :)
lol medina idk why ur so mad? u sound so hurt lmaoo don't make me tell ur mom to take your technology away from u
i was mad that u were being rude to my friends saying that they need makeup tips. all i said was they dont need it
i'm going to assume you're good. i have no idea what part of ny you live in ;-;
yup, i'm safe. i live in the upper east side, but i was in chelsea for like a month.
i should try this
wtf did i just watch
thanks. i hope i see you this time around..
definitely. check your dm, please stay safe
wtf are you talking about?? i was talking about every damn day black on freaking black crime!!
point 1. you don't care , and point 2. analogy, people are supposed to trust the police
and didn't we go to pizza my heart first!
lol we did but still you hardly ate till recently
def leppard with bae.
haha nice photoshop kid. jk you guys look aight
how are you
i'm great :)
the real me, sorry not sorry
don't be sorry!!! say what's real!
lol yeah. i'm picking mine up soon. had to turn it in cuz it almost blew up lmao
crazy right.
for your escapades tonight, here's where to go for some late night food
only here would midnight be considered late night.
cult is a mindset. you're spreading aq/isis/obl message for them. y'all are spiritual brothers.
yes, and your mindset is one that cannot condemn anything in the koran. you are a slave.
yeah, it's a small drive away . if you ever visit portland, or it's a great place for book lovers
&lt;nosebleeds&gt; yiiiiiissss...all the yaoi.
soak it up you and msm are traitors
fuck you morons, i love over the cunt in the pant suits!
police everywhere. streets all shut down. walking into my building now and calling it an early saturday night. so insane. night all!
rest well to you both... it will be a long night... :(
on a scale of "literally eating gelato" to "9/11" how bad was the explosion?
bad enough to deliver to
and now gloria gaynor i will survive. i want this to be my cab always.
now it's irene cara, fame. this is his ipod! best ever!
good grief. i hope i'm wrong, but how can you trust romo here?
how do you trust anybody? he at least has a track record against rh batters.
he lost cuz he was slightly favored?
no. however, every fight he won in the ufc, he was the dog. looked worse then gomez, who at least had his guy hurt briefly
tweet me the best thing you've done for someone this week. remind me that not everyone is a fucking rich asshole.
answered questions on open source projects
how did you find yourself?
that was in portland last month. saw the google car and now looked it up.
the grandy man can...the grandy man can
i hate those sterling calls!
it's the woman decision and hers alone.
your words are not proof of anything.
lmaoooo i'm glad i'm not driving around there right now, would be me
motorcycle dudes are doing tricks tryin to get attention lol
too bad couldn't play the 1st half like they did the 2nd half, would've been a different outcome
sadly i've had that thought for a lot of our games
showing my conservative christian sister how tinder works and i think she's ready to stage an intervention.
i bet he m'ladys hella hard.
my parents haven't called yet so they either don't know what's going on or they've correctly assumed i have been sitting in bed for 3 hours
it's saturday so i'm definitely in bed by 8.
to what incident are you referring
whichever drunk person you were alluding to.
wtf are you talking about?? i was talking about every damn day black on freaking black crime!!
and it's doubtful you watch black tv otherwise you'd know we are constantly talking about
so obsessed with this "basic" situation right now. making so many basic jokes in the comfort of my own home. thanks for the laughs!
i need another "basic" beer! so let's score again soon! almost empty!
check in on you two. you both safe and sound?
yup yup, i'm uptown
literally i feel like a 6 year old and it's awesome
esp at night so you're not miserably hot ugh have so much fun!! see the electric parade!
will elected rs again say they don't want to "play pundit," or denounce the smearing of this man?
but man are they achin for that upper class tax cut
deblasio says this is not terrorism but this was an intentional act! second sight being investigated! huh?
i would guess that they know something, but that they are not saying.
what's up man. i have to ask, what do you use for vid software to produce those amazing vids on the daily? good shit.
adobe premeire and hustle
using uber in chicago and it's certainly the fastest way to summon a psychopath who can't drive.
when i was a teenager, buses in chicago were great for summoning a psychopath who couldn't drive but they adhered to a "schedule."
same for my purple cherry tomatoes. ripened amazingly off the vine. no idea what the secret is.
apparently store tomatoes are sprayed with nitrogen, which makes them go red but not necessarily ripe.
who cares what the thc is what's the terp profile
says someone who's never hit the sherb
cult is a mindset. you're spreading aq/isis/obl message for them. y'all are spiritual brothers.
that ahamdi site calls for forced dominance as well.
were you two gabbing over coffee this am?
visited me at work at the ny coffee festival
yeah that rfa who keeps adding 100k to his next contract with every game he plays
he's gonna single-handedly cause the next lockout
well. fuck fiu. talking about being caged knights. we're not stuck in a cage with you, you're stuck in a cage with us.
nice rorschach reference
wait so all of the zodiac signs shifted wtf
this is bs i am most definitely a cancer idc what nasa says
police everywhere. streets all shut down. walking into my building now and calling it an early saturday night. so insane. night all!
stay safe
wait does shameless come back on in october?? fuck.
october 2nd!
wtf are you talking about?? i was talking about every damn day black on freaking black crime!!
black on black crime for years. you are just now noticing us protesting the police because
i would love to connect and chat about coworking synergies. whats the best way to connect?
email us at info.com. have a wonderful wkd!
lol medina idk why ur so mad? u sound so hurt lmaoo don't make me tell ur mom to take your technology away from u
wallahi i said ur wife is gorgeous but u guys got butthurt for some awful reason but my recent tweet was @ someone else.
my mom got a snapchat.... rip there goes my go to complaining area...
un add her n make it so she can send snaps but not see ur story
this is a beautiful day
yes it is. thanks dear friend.
cult is a mindset. you're spreading aq/isis/obl message for them. y'all are spiritual brothers.
i am not going to support you in anyway. we are not brothers, you are as low as a nazi.
so i'm like 10 blocks away from where the 2nd bomb was found.
go the fuck home, judy.
wtf are you talking about?? i was talking about every damn day black on freaking black crime!!
it's spilled over into your lilly white world
what do u think????
what do you mean?
adding that to the bucket it list ;)
c'mon over!
yes! and the train, florida, the oil millionaire
actually, in palm beach, he's the weenie king! ;)
the race between lamar jackson and christian mccaffrey for heisman runner-up behind noah brown is gonna be fun to watch this season.
this is a grade a troll
if zeppelin can get sued, so can corey (again).
this album is 20 bucks if you buy it lol
i do be replying back to u sometimes
since when the stone age you know how long ago that was i hit you like way in july its all good
at least 25 injured in explosion in manhattan
25 people injured and close by to where i am. i hope all is safe.
whichever drunk person you were alluding to.
u said, "just because someone is drunk". you tell me which 'incident' u alluded to.
i'm sorry, didn't know you couldn't read either.
obviously i can read, and i prove my claims. smear tactics fail conman.
everyone be safe. shoutout to my fav gemini for making sure i was safe
love u sweaty
why is my tattoo burning it hurts so bad what is this
dude that's what they do, especially ones you get shaded. it's like a sunburn for the first couple days
this was an intentional act. - guy who is speaking at the press conference. (sorry i dont recognize him)
saw that too but do not know cause of explosion
he's been doing dad jokes like that since san jose in 2013, haha.
good sense of humor and a 95 mph fastball. all the characteristics you need in a closer.
everyone is fine. there's zero panic. anyone reporting otherwise is full of it. i live here.
everyone besides the 29 people injured???
video shows moment of ied explosion at w 23 st &amp; 6th ave in manhattan
why are you calling this an "ied"? what is your confirmation that this was indeed an intentionally set bomb?
this evening at approximately 8:30pm, an explosion was reported near 135 w. 23rd st. in manhattan. statement:
three hours late dude, like your pay-to-play partners in ??
it's close. osu has better defense. faster. and a much more experienced qb.
i have no problem with flipping osu/bama. think they're both a cut above.
all my friends from are ok... nice to know it.
everything is fine mario
reminder: donald trump is actively rooting for the explosion in nyc to turn out to be a terrorist attack. let that sick reality sink in.
wouldn't be surprised if he ordered it. imo
not it. hope everybody's well.
whew glad. did you hear it?
wtf are you talking about?? i was talking about every damn day black on freaking black crime!!
it must really suck to be a racist and have no idea that you are or the ability to control
mayor : "based on what we see at this moment, we do not see a link to terrorism."
so which is it?
yeah and i want those dudes playing i don't wanna hear lame excuses
no excuses.... we will be without luke probably
trying to think of how an intentional explosion wounding civilians isn't a terrorist act. anyone?
terrorism (noun): the unlawful use of violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims.
this is not a legal claim.
hey benny boy, check the news.
you might find this useful if you want to do gpu passthrough
i'll take a look, thanks!
this looks like witchcraft
it's not at all
be safe jan sa nyc ingats. saw the news sa cnn
thanks mommy ef! i just learned about the news as well
lol of course
like some chick just gonna hop on and leave her friends
your friend is the one who doesn't know me and is mentioning my tweet to my girl saying "gay" ..
it was a joke you know me i joke around and say "gay" did u not see my story saying my bff and her bf are gay
you don't have to go overseas to experience war. it's here. on u.s. soil. we aren't safe. we aren't secure.
and your point is what, we haven't been safe since the dawn of time, suck it up a bit
neither of these boys have nips. i'm not perfect like that's
there we go. third one.
keep off atomic pile
always good advice to heed. want to find the batcave? grab your geiger counter! # holy radioactivity, batman!
why are you in connecticut
cause i fucking love it here
sooo cool!! my man performed the national anthem tonight at h/t
my dudes. thank you for the love
remember when tressel was our head coach? we used to have to wait until the fourth quarter to know we were going to win.
lol! i was just saying something similar about how painful that used to be!
neither of these boys have nips. i'm not perfect like that's
and to be fair, the first one had nips. now he has nip.
a great tip for staying sober is having a horrible secret
wearing pants helps, moreso if it hides your lush, fluffy tail
lol i don't think so.
right? i was thinking at least 40
was my home &amp; was my favorite spot! they had $2.50
. never sleeps! to .
there is no doubt about that
gorgeous dimples
nyc mayor: explosion appears to have been an "international act."
***intentional
"he's flakier than a fucking toaster strudel"
i have some toaster strudel in my freezer if you want some.. apple or strawberry? your choice
and if he was briefed, why is trump running his mouth? scary that he would get briefed on anything
he's our next president. deal with it. at least he cares. killary &amp; obozo don't.
i mean, even besides that, there's such a thing as "not immediately deciding the victim is a liar"
it's not like the only two options are "believe the victim, burn the accused" and "the victim is a lying slut"
a very interesting take from :
i agree whole heartedly-masterful move
lol i don't think so.
i'd feel guilty taking such a low price.
lmao probably not. i'll just leave this here for you since i know you've got enough salt
did they have salt and pepper in 1926??
holy shit there was an explosion in chelsea and they shut everything down
they found a second device a few blocks away from where i am so if you're in manhattan please stay safe
she's not wearing a hijab here either.
so what? maybe he did not force he to.
id rather have no water
i agree with you on that.
since removed the heartless post about injuries, thought i'd retweet 4 her.
go right ahead. it wasn't heartless at all. i said no one was severely injured which is s fact.
i can picture us 3 seated inside the cabin &amp; the pilot on the bird holding reins..
holding a bag of birdseed in front of the bird on a stick?
your friend is the one who doesn't know me and is mentioning my tweet to my girl saying "gay" ..
but fr they didnt mean it in a rude way. they were just copying me for fun nobody thought u guys would get butthurt
can't think of a song i've gone from actively despising to enjoying more than this one.
the should play the na na na na na na bit from lovin', touchin', squeezin when the other team changes pitchers. cc
bochy turns to casilla. a good chunk of the crowd is booing.
not surprisingly.
sometimes you have to grab life by the horns.
i wonder if he was filming the moment on his phone. hahaha
this is dangerous of him to say w/out knowing the facts. he loves to cause fear &amp; chaos.
which facts "didn't he know"?
my booboo is gone
here are some cutie pictures of you guys for your own happiness
that face screams "rape"
like his actual bu'ho?
that explosion in chelsea is scary i hope the people that are injured get recovery as soon as possible.
i know !! all i hear are sirens everywhere. praying for peace
massive boo birds here for casilla
well, he earned 'em!
i know. was hoping it wouldn't create a similar impact on sleeping that bs had on vaccines
haven't read the book . wonder if they're blurring room sharing w bed sharing
autocorrect guys, calm down. "intentional" not international
you should delete the tweet.
she's not wearing a hijab here either.
nothing you say is going to get me to support islam. it is pure garbage.
nothing but love, bb.
can you ask chef why he hates me so much?
preserving the "historic character" of van ness &amp; its streetlamps over bus rapid transit (after 15+ yrs of study)
what a great division of class in sf. i loathe buses and love historical hardware. finally peskin on my side of an issue
or a "no one cares" button.
i'm running out of people to unfollow.
it's romo... almost as bad
not anymore. casilla's turn.
its hard wen there is literaly only two rooms in the house
ialways thoughtshe needed a girl to help keep her stable in that house
followed back i just can't believe you are always stunning
always so stunning so beautiful
lmao!!. most ipc/ipx when i started had but 32mb... again.. emacs == bloatware(compared to original vi/ed/ex)
circa '94, we had a 4mb 386/25 we used for dns. got x+emacs running on that once, it was a banner day!
i think i'm addicted to naked pictures &amp; sittin &amp; talkin about bitches that we almost had
i don't think i'm conscious of making monsters out of the women i sponsor till it all goes bad
lol u just don't get it. none of those were under federal subpoena u=ignorant dem!
only because no one raised a fuss like you pos wasters of taxpayer money!
hillary: i personally think a taco truck on every corner sounds absolutely delicious
we already have this in california
when was the last time he made a play for y'all?
pretty sure he caught the game winning touchdown on sunday
dude! you do realize that your championship in 2004 is just as relevant as this right? smh
no because we have won 7 since you've last won! lol
helping humanity by spreading aq/isis/obl hateful extremist message? that's just delusional!
says the one who supports lashings and crucifixions.
there is no easy way to get there,i tried!
i know! :) that is why we are flying in and driving the rest of the way
since removed the heartless post about injuries, thought i'd retweet 4 her.
i mostly removed it because of trump supporting bigoted idiots like you harassing my feed.
wtf are you talking about?? i was talking about every damn day black on freaking black crime!!
i've yet to hear one person from the right say, we need to hear what's going on but all you
katy tur will be eating trump's ass in the white house. she'll have her monica moment soon enough
he wouldn't screw her with someone else's dick.
which night
yeah which one
doors didn't open at 7! 3 long lines and only 1 entrance!?!?
hi! there are two entrances. one at the north entrance and another at the south entrance! hope that helps!
your mayor is nuts. seriously, he's in an alternative reality....he's not safe.
we got this idiot because of term limits.
and walahi you also said that not everyone needs a lot of make-up to look good like your wife
yes i did but i said "not that she needs makeup" and then i said i think shes gorg.
we've had issues with that property. not the best experience.
i've always like the one in tahoe better.
burnt orange everywhere - home away from home
show them who the boss is
i don't actually want to die
same here. i just want aches and tiredness to go away as well as annoyances in my daily life. i want an end to drudgery not life.
nobody in all of sports chokes like the mizzou tigers. nobody. i have a million examples
would love to hear them while you burn in hell.
yeah.. how did last night turn out for you. other than the one good part where you smoked some..
it was good, i had fun. i needed the escape from the stress and aggravation
helping humanity by spreading aq/isis/obl hateful extremist message? that's just delusional!
the read from the same koran as you. you are an extremist.
boom.
i picked the wrong maligned lefty poet guy
less than 5% i think it's a 3 point something
how sway???? there are merimaids and evolved animals, woooooow
maddy releases your reverso-racism memes, right on schedule!
i just sent you this because look at the flying monkey on the left side of the painting. i think of you.
a possible secondary device has been located @ 27th street, 6th - 7th avenues. nvestigations are ongoing. avoid the area
any info on those injured?
okay my dickprint pics are on tumblr too great!
what's ur tumblr, its for a survey
., i see you share about . maybe we can work together someday! keep up the great tweets :) -k
thank you! let's do it!
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
only a defective mind would make an elementary-school level, childishly spiteful comment like this. not presidential!
helping humanity by spreading aq/isis/obl hateful extremist message? that's just delusional!
nope. i am just pointing out what islam is.
m'lady show me your toes.
those bubble toes.
is the mayor of nyc that dumb he said no credible threat to nyc...so the ied that went off and the other one they found is normal?
yes, he really is.
sometimes that may be what people mean, but there's also the political/ideological component to terror that needs to be figured out
based on what de blasio said, it sounds like they don't have evidence it's terrorism - which doesn't mean it isn't.
convinces me. what proof do you need to be convinced?
that action being carried out. is there proof that what was talked about ever happened?
luke's gone man, but if you notice macs offense always wr open just need a middle schooler to throw
they said probably.... so let's see what happens
"a savage is some who does not care about the consequences of his or her actions. "
is that good or bad tho? (-only thinking makes it so)
wtf are you talking about?? i was talking about every damn day black on freaking black crime!!
want to do is keep the good ol nigras quiet and controlled . that day is over.
praise god from whom all blessings flow.
praise god from whom all blessings flow; praise him, all creatures here below praise him above, ye heavenly host ...father...
honestly, i'm on board.
the crew takes on a coffee shop? at least if t doesn't work or we have a pilot for a tv show.
okaaaay and you know me too i joke around saying dumb shit so why'd you and your friend catch so many feelings?
clearly u werent joking if you and ur wife went to my uncle and told them u guys felt "disrespected" it was a small joke
they don't want to cause fear...for now. they should be warning people there, in case there is another active device!
they already are.
this motion picture called the edge of seventeen looks promising, does it not
looks good very good
anybody know that weird hold and sweep in the last minute of round two of the carneiro/robertson fight?
wait you have me muted? that's not nice
you're actually so right. what do you think he signs for?
i think they settle at 7.25m, no way he makes more than tarasenko imo
there is no evidence that either of your statements are accurate
of course there is. review candidates' policies. then evaluate shortcomings as sos.
i didn't hear about the third one but the one in seaside made me mad. who tf blows up seaside?!?
i know wtf.
felt like robertson should have won that fight but he didn't really put enough effort it. had carneiro backed into the cage all fight.
can't believe that this is the same guy that landed 91ss in losing to saunders
how the fuck can he say it isn't terrorism if it was intentional? intentionally blowing shit up on a city street is an act of terror.
exactly!!! wtf!!
i've been seeing lots of "rub some empathy on it" in industry the last few years and it's alienating to people who have trouble
certainly. have to start somewhere, and thinking about hoe the recipient may interpret a message is a reasonable first step.
top 5 qbs 1) aaron rodgers 2) tom brady 3) russell wilson 4) drew brees 5) cam newton what y'all think?
why is aaron better than brady? i'm tryna find out but i'm struggling
i'm a rich bitch, i'm the upper class.
marlboro reds and champagne all the way
no one in soho, the village, ues, uws, times sq, people at bway shows has any idea this happened...
i was at a show at radio city and now am in hells kitchen. only reason i know what happened is because i went on facebook.
glad everyone's safe in new york. um, so i'm due to fly there in a few hours. can i still do that?
everything seems to be under control. people are partying half a block away from the crime scene.
kendrick lamar reeboks to fight against gang violence
in the 90s it was chicago white sox hats.
so insanely cool, man. but next time wear a rusty staub wig.
hahahaha, like this?
luke's gone man, but if you notice macs offense always wr open just need a middle schooler to throw
vawls defense will have plenty of holes this week.... i would just throw deep balls to callaway
what issue matters most to you this election? per , 9% of americans say terrorism. 17% say the economy. share yours using
what matters is,we use proper judgment in picking our next president experienced,ceo of giant corp.likeuscan'tb&lt;bsarti
too risky with the way he boxed tonight.
and no commercial appeal
liberals now referring to terrorism as "intentional acts" you people are f*cking pathetic.
immediately make this into a partisan fight? please kill yourself. please.
when you're away from home and there's an explosion 2 blocks from your apt.
immediately thought of you and remembered you were out of town.
smh you will never get it lol. bye
oh shit it's 11 national championships since 1928!! bye felicia
i like seeing him again, but still, his appearance feels like a way of drawing things out more than anything else.
he's essentially the only human who isn't worthless. i miss it when humans could actually affect things. they're useless now.
aww you always go out of your way to make sure i am having a good day thank you dear
you're welcome love you're so sweet &amp; kind &amp; i am thankful that a beautiful goddess like you follow me back &amp; responds 2 me
stay safe regardless james!
thanks bud. i'm good. am about 20 blocks up from where this was in midtown manhattan.
luke's gone man, but if you notice macs offense always wr open just need a middle schooler to throw
we are gonna run all over them also
listen medina, u saying something is different compared to some yuute freshmen from hs, tell her to cut
what did my friends say? they arent even talking to u rn
welcome to the job, commissioner.
great second day on the job...
casilla?!?! drink. dring heavily!
bochy's memory has to be shot and why hasn't evans cut this guy?
people always want to try me for no reasonnnnnnnnnn
what i don't get is thin folks derailing the convo to eventually concede that you've been right the whole time?? like what?
major explosion right around the corner from my apartment in just happened.
the mayor just spoke with nypd fdny in tow of the explosion
if u support trump at least support him knowing that he is in bed w putin, &amp; russia needs trump to win &amp; please at least wonder why this is
question to ask is not if trump invested in russia, but how much russia has invested in trump. trump
breaking: another muslim following koran teachings attack w/ machete in calgary mall.
these people are of satan.
y'all my mf bestfriend in the whole wide world committed today !! i love her and i'm so proud of her ! congrats
thanksss bffff !! i love you way more
the fiction or non fiction version
i prefer the fiction version.
appleby on del rio, "my heart breaks for him ... the hit was very dirty in my mind"
i agree austin
we came out swinging and never looked back. final: athletics 11, rangers 2.
how you feel now
what the hell is wrong with you? an explosion in nyc injures dozens and all you can think about is attacking trump. you are sick
unprofessional grow up.
ugh i hate that song. swipe left.
...i could make it up next time.
man, what happened? gas explosion?
don't know yet. not gas; something blew up. could be a bomb; they have video.
but at the same time, i am unclear on that sentiment. i don't grok bezos's intent and that scares me.
i didn't even read the preceding tweets. just saw securitay and that emoji and was so happy because i love that emoji
mercouris: strike on army likely not mistake, puts admin on same side as . insanity!
duran: "as of..time of writing the us is desperately rowing back. it seems..us underestimated..strength of the russian reax.."
won't say bomb, yet, but possibly a rapid acceleration of masses from an instantaneous release of energy due to a catalyst.
which could come from improperly disposed chemicals from the nearby construction site. let's wait and see.
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
more infantile spite from the emotionally stunted child-man. not worthy of public office. needs mental care!
praying for the people of chelsea.
thank u! prayers felt.
anyone want to hang out
i'm out writing rn what's good?
and no commercial appeal
intrigue would be: can he stop him quicker than ggg? so maybe they do. whatev
preserving the "historic character" of van ness &amp; its streetlamps over bus rapid transit (after 15+ yrs of study)
proxy for hating the anti car transit first people, the muni unions and social justice. wallowing in my love for this.
he just caught the ball and the oklahoma player
why you no answer me
remember that time i used to be able to sleep at night? yeah...good times
:-( i feel you...hope you can fall back to sleep soon!
. you will be hooked! that looks quartz. they have mechanical as well? love this site btw -
ah, had my terminology mixed up haha. looks automatic
showed we could play a little bit...i mean who thought we'd be here anyway
i thought we would win that game so i'm pissed
got in bed 2 hours ago to watch game of thrones. instead i went down the rabbit hole that is the show "good eats"
alton brown is the dude!
i'm so sorry.
thank you. so am i.
feels like a more...naturalistic extension. exists had me feeling like i would have enjoyed it more traditionally shot.
personally i prefer found footage as the filler scenes there feel more inclusive to me, i'm more inclined to care
none specifically, just the general principle. and it's clear that none of those women in those pics could consent.
objectively, there is no such thing as "can" &amp; "cannot". there is only "did" vs. "did not". if she consented, then she did consent
tweet me the best thing you've done for someone this week. remind me that not everyone is a fucking rich asshole.
a million small (and not so small) favors to make an event go off without a hitch.
wow that was game! hit tying hr in b11th &amp; game winning hr in b12th
i was about to tweet you
so i guess i might have the energy to build the roguelike i've been thinking of
dude i'm so pumped after today. happy to help
then why was trump campaigning after said bomb that obama should have dropped everything for?
he is not the president yet.
after flying to ny, clinton tells reporters she has been briefed on the "bombings in new york and new jersey and the attack in minnesota."
what happened in minnesota?
i swear i am fucking done with the ridge-culver wegmans. bought milk, paid for milk, made it home and no milk. cashier didn't put into cart.
perhaps it was time for a micro break (in attention!)
at this moment, we don't see a link to terrorism, says on explosion
"it's an intentional act, but don't see it as an act of terrorism."does this make sense to anyone?
yea that's what i thought
i was asking to play with you but k
when was the last time he made a play for y'all?
take the giants franchise out of your bio you piece of shit. we want nothing to do with you.
personally i prefer found footage as the filler scenes there feel more inclusive to me, i'm more inclined to care
like i cared way more about the characters in found footage flicks than say green room or hush or don't breathe
it's amazing to be able to be like "i wish my computer did [x]" and then a day later it does
everything i wish my computer did would take more than a day.
.: we believe at this point and time this was an intentional act.
no surprise!
we are in the process of making sure the nyc team is safe, we are sending anyone on location in affected areas home via
if anyone needs anything reach out to laura.com
people ask me questions on tumblr and what not about the industry, and i'm just like i barely even know anything about the industry :(
i'm still confused as y'all are about how to make it
hopefully ps i like you won't be a tear jerker!
me too!! gotta review it first because the library took forever processing it! so super behind lol. what are you reading?
what i don't get is thin folks derailing the convo to eventually concede that you've been right the whole time?? like what?
"i'm thin i have it bad" then you say you acknowledge that, then they say, "yeah they're both bad."
after a long day of shooting i'm beat! but sugarsweat makes everything pretty again. ...
glad you had an awesome shoot!!! now get some rest.. to beat the redskins!
i see ur offense too and now no del rio hmmm
love how florida fans feel for vawl injuries... while vawl fans celebrate del rio knee injury
that's quite an alternative way to do it but don't have the money to go to africa at this moment, sadly.
i might still have it, so i could just give you some blood as see
objectively, there is no such thing as "can" &amp; "cannot". there is only "did" vs. "did not". if she consented, then she did consent
there is no rightful nor logical way that you can contend that a drunk woman "cannot" consent. it's entirely her choice to consent
honestly melanie martinez has great lyrics and a really nice tone. underrated.
yeeeeeesssssss hunnit. make the hive buy the album.
i told her they were just friends!
obviously she did not believe you!haha
quote with your name for a "huuuuuuuuh" shit:
nah im not tryna get my life roasted lol
wow this is some slow pacing. i thought 1.5 hours on the floor would line me up for the main or co main
only when it is on fox
pass me the soap dear
so fresh and so clean
act on these asks from debate panel
but we need 2 fix the industry 4 girls-1st end &amp; threats
no blown out windows? no reports from hospitals on these injuries? why bomb a dumpster in chelsea? no burn marks,fire on dumpster? seems odd
check this out...
got in bed 2 hours ago to watch game of thrones. instead i went down the rabbit hole that is the show "good eats"
is too awesome!
donald glover doesn't care what you think anymore
which works out because i've never cared what he thought, ever, and i'm sure i'm in the majority in that regard
your last 500 replies are to adam, go outside i dont know how he hasnt blocked you yet
listen douchebag, i probably have more of a soical life than you, considering you are sitting here stalking my...
"the bombs were consistent with muslim ieds (improvised explosive devices), normally found in iraq and afghanistan."
well one exploded, another found undetonated and pipe bomb exploded in nj (marine corps race) by the way happy ed al-adha!
oh my god, the damned is such a terrible film. on the nose, dated, shallow, &amp; a lot of hindsight dialogue right from the start.
comparing it to the conformist is like the damned is goofus &amp; tc is gallant. wrong way/right way. damned is so very pretentious &amp; turgid.
explosion in manhattan, many killed. police looking for second device.
no one was killed
in my hotel and they've just found a bomb 2 streets away from it and one went off 6 streets away.
hope everyone involved is ok
it does, but in a week you'll hate using the old one
yep it's already feeling better
"when she says she only dates biker dudes"
i fucking hate u
none specifically, just the general principle. and it's clear that none of those women in those pics could consent.
if those drunk women were capable of driving a car, then they are capable of consenting to sex.
mine is : "they print books on any topic, no matter how asinine."
there's nothing japanese people love more than hearing what other people love about japanese people. have you seen cool japan? ugh
my dad is absolutely hammered making all these hand gestures and weird noises and it's hilarious
same bruh, i hear the bottles clankin downstairs lol
so good to see u
love you too chad
houston best w - oklahoma stanford best w - k-state clemson best w - auburn to me, houston has best resume so far [, ]
to quote the title of my fs1 show, "you're entitled to your opinion." i think stanford &amp; clemson are better.
deblasio says no signs of terrorisn what a fuck he is
this is not about politics right now i saw a sign on the lie no commercial trucks into manhattan
this girl
wait you guys dont do that every time an episode comes on?
they were very lucky in seaside park, too. start of the race was delayed. if not, could've been a disaster.
i saw that one too. didn't get details.
de blasio: no indication blast was terror-related, although it appears to have been an intentional act
when did we change the definition of terror....
ohio and app state almost beat em curious to see our backup now
we will run the ball all over them
you have me swooning , and a slight rose coloured blush has filled my cheeks . my lips covered with the sweet nectar of honey
ah we're a poetress now?
that's exactly my aav guess but it's definitely taking much too long
worst thing would be if he got injured in the tourney and loses all negotiating leverage
trump's sources are obviously more informed than nbc's.
look who they have working for them. katy is the bottom of the barrel.
none of trump's criticism of robert gates was in the prepared remarks sent out by the campaign.
trump's stunted, narcissistic child-mind can not let an 'insult' stand. as potus, the child-man would be dangerous as hell!
your last 500 replies are to adam, go outside i dont know how he hasnt blocked you yet
fucking account, i'll do what i want bitch, just keep sitting there acting all tough on the internet....
nyc peeps stay safe tonight
stay in and sing broadway like me
.: "we do have video... and we're going to use that to help in our investigation."
good. hang the bast@ when you catch them!
ohio and app state almost beat em curious to see our backup now
danny etling for lsu did it
thanks, those distinctions make sense. just so hard to know what to believe any more, if we will even get the truth.
also note that it could be criminal but for personal gain, relating for example to insurance fraud.
wtf is this
right lmao niggas fightin air
standing by my words &amp; fulfilling the promise made, i have tried to reach out to the people of amethi as much as i could in last 2.5 years.
ms irani you have performed gallantly,what ever was given to you.no complain.a true soldier.must salute you madam.jai hind.
the boston concert was fabulous!! you were amazing!!
thanks for coming!
when your mom don't know how to act with the new update
love sher
but they are being nonchalant about it. (unless they are doing it and not showing it on tv.)
new yorkers don't panic. and we expect our pols to remain calm.
if those drunk women were capable of driving a car, then they are capable of consenting to sex.
and black-out drunk women always consent to drive drunk. it's how women get arrested for dui.
wtf are you talking about?? i was talking about every damn day black on freaking black crime!!
the day of the geechy is over , lol. you probably don't understand that reference .
the name of bruce wayne's horse.
holy horse of a different color, batman! that's batgirl, somewhere over the waynebeau!
ohio and app state almost beat em curious to see our backup now
maybe purdue qbs have sec skill
bochy turns to casilla. a good chunk of the crowd is booing.
lousy fans. casilla has done more good, they have short memories.
what was at radio city? elo?
young the giant. they should be at a ga venue but guess they're too big for it now.
lmao u see this shit
good thing i had some cash otherwise would have had to wash dishes at rachel's
what a joke this vato is. .
you think so? can you elaborate on your statement ?
thank you for a fantastic show! we love you !
thanks for coming!
mavs not doing that jj barea actually didn't choke when he went to the finals
barea is the lebron stopper we need
were in the ballroom i think
we are by the corpse rn!!!
"believed to be 'intentional'..." they need to get their story straight.
they are all trying to keep ppl from panicking. 29 injured one seriously. either a copy cat from nj's bomb today-or related
pickled chad .
right vinegar will do that.
"believed to be 'intentional'..." they need to get their story straight.
or maybe just speak based off of what's known rather than foment panic through making assumptions. you're a phd, right?
casilla?!?! drink. dring heavily!
i can't witness another epic meltdown and going back to the game!
well how do you define "terrorism'? brown people?
someone puts a bomb on a city street and that isn't "terrorism". stupid mayor
conflicted rooting interest right now!
kill the cards...move forward and chase down the giants for home field
comparing it to the conformist is like the damned is goofus &amp; tc is gallant. wrong way/right way. damned is so very pretentious &amp; turgid.
some good performances &amp; it looks good. but the score tries to broadcast exactly how you should feel/this is very important tone.
the steelers must have thought so too. they didn't throw to his side!!
because they were busy throwing touchdowns to antonio brown you stupid fuck.
dy ummmm scoop
you paying? broke college student
i hope i get the kind of love my two bestfriends have.
it's not always easy, but i'll choose him everyday. love that little shit
i forgot to say happy-post-full-moon-lunar-eclipse-day. wasn't that moon intense last night?
i saw its full orange glory creeping up slowly over the east river till it touched up high in the sky and shown on us all
he's a fish so prob no
i bet it's sick to drive but it's gay as fuck gtis are hatch backs disgrace to the golf familia
shout out that you're ok! sending love for a better world! rt
all good thanks guys thanks for thinking of me much love
because you know that the world is a better place with people like me.
deadass who's gonna pick on me? who's gonna humble me?
listen you moron if someone puts a bomb into a dumpster that is terrorism
thank you. terrorism is an action, not a person
dang , bats , not bats . or .... do you have bats in the belfry ?
i'm full of surprises. do you have any peppercorns?
anyone have an amazon tv fire stick and is happy with it? mine has been buggy and all but useless...
was really happy up until this week. can't load home screen or apps - total shit product experience. had it for ~2-3mo too
your last 500 replies are to adam, go outside i dont know how he hasnt blocked you yet
how old are you like 15? really get a fucking life yourself asshole. maybe get a girlfriend while your at it. you ripped condom
i wish pre and post game shows were on podcast!
i started recording them last year for archive purposes. until i can automate it it was just too much work.
i'd pay 40 if it included videos for each song.
done with disc one. i may need to take a break before i start disc two.
objectively, there is no such thing as "can" &amp; "cannot". there is only "did" vs. "did not". if she consented, then she did consent
if a woman is in a coma, then she isn't likely to consent, due to being in a coma. but drunk women are not in comas.
is dis love is dis love dat im feelin
~yelp romance~
ofcourse!! xoxo i love how many people i can communicate with and cheer up and love!
well you're one of the best &amp; sweetest person i have met very grateful &amp; honored (:
nothing to do with politics but what he said was stupid
imagine if bloomberg was still mayor he would handel this very differently
"lemme tell u bout how i put my nigga out. u see the vid? it was on worldstar n shade room"................i'm too sober for this convo....
omg why didn't i witness your reaction to this
yup she's a girl that actually loves girl company
whats up with bronte she acts like she hates james
act on these asks from debate panel
1st can we answer an important question - is this industry safe for girls?
chelsea fam has checked in and is ok. used to spend a lot of time on that block. weird to say, but i hope it was just a gas leak.
a site undergoing some construction sounds like a good place to illegally dump some dangerous garbage.
this is not a legal claim.
enough said
you love dws cause without her lying &amp; cheating donald dump would have been crushed by bernie! fact
like was fucked by the of !
i didn't even read the preceding tweets. just saw securitay and that emoji and was so happy because i love that emoji
as for bezos: i'm not sure i totally understand what you're worried about. bezos's intent with what?
some good performances &amp; it looks good. but the score tries to broadcast exactly how you should feel/this is very important tone.
and its attempts to be shocking come off as clumsy, the allegory forced.
say no to jio.
dr patel you look like,anupam kher's brother.
omg yessss!
hell yeah back in the day when i was young im not a kid anymore but some days i wish i was a kid again
tonight only about 325ft from home plate!
casilla's a bum
ahem, ...
i can't even watch now. don't get it fs2 so not on app.
then he goes ham on three people randomly confusing af
and they no even affected by the hits
tequila works the best
lol thanks!
ask he made ghostbusters
wow this is a good answer.
a week ago and still
a year ago and still
i have this weirdish thing where i don't listen to anything 5sos for a long period of time and then i listen to every song of theirs and cry
today is the day where i listen to all songs on the interwebs that are by 5sos
your last 500 replies are to adam, go outside i dont know how he hasnt blocked you yet
you want my attention you piece of shit? well now you got it, now my next 500 replies will be to you until you block me asshole
mercouris: strike on army likely not mistake, puts admin on same side as . insanity!
duran: "washington..prepared to go to almost any lengths to undermine..lavrov/kerry agrmt..to avoid surrendering eastern aleppo"
great report. why are they not in jail? forged signatures are against the law.
:no arrests? do the authorities care?remember allan west? dems came up with more votes than voters. thiefs
i've always liked them. very smart
put on a great show too. i was impressed.
i don't believe a single word from the mayor. was a terrorist attack.
based off of your extensive personal and professional experience you know better, is that right?
heading to colorado for a big rally. massive crowd, great people! will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
narcissistic child-man, it's not about you. it's about america! you don't understand that; you don't deserve to be potus!
de blasio said it was an 'intentional act' not 'international'
bi reporter said it was an autocorrect error.
that stadium is all of the bootsy.
can yall stop with that
ugh. there is no historic character of the van ness corridor to protect ... except for maybe tommy's joynt.
ugh! what is it with people in this city? the nimbys in the richmond are awful.
hurricane train
did i see a thomas the tank engine train towards the end of video? lol hope you &amp; the family had fun, despite the rain
today is the day where i listen to all songs on the interwebs that are by 5sos
was listening to jbh so naturally started crying
thanks lisa struggling a bit with insomnia lately, it's such a pain in the neck!
that's me. i had it this week. ugh. i wish i had a solution for you. sometimes i scrub the bathtub! hope it passes soon! :-)
stay outta chelsea!
i stayed there 2 weeks ago. i've moved on. i'm sorry for the victims tonight. xx
it's true tho. my city
def flatiron people. just saying
and we will get rid of him because of term limits
this is only his 1st term &amp; nyc looks like dinkins is back.
how has writing code changed you as a person? if at all
it forced me to think critically more often, resulting in changes in my political and religious beliefs.
that stadium is all of the bootsy.
yeah yeah yeah
crazy! hits mets hrs 200 and 201 on the season. gotta support my fmr yankee.
the yanks loss is the mets gain
it's scary marilyn! my little brother is in nearby area as well but is ok at work! terrifying event!
tell him to be safe!
nick gordon found legally responsible for bobbi kristina brown's death.
brand new tune
i know it makes you think sometimes you know? how you were there and now that's going on like wow
i know. i was in the area yesterday getting a bus. crazy.
nick gordon found legally responsible for bobbi kristina brown's death.
brand new tune
do you know his contract situation? and like, why he is not in the nba rn?
my understanding is that a few teams reached out within the past couple years and he was like "eh i'll pass"
aren't you near where the bomb went off ?
hey bro all good about a mile in a half from me but thanks for thinking of me bro
breaking: nyc mayor says manhattan explosion "intentional" but not linked to terrorism
if it's intentional it is terrorism. muslim or not.
people are hurt and a possible second device found but... this from the left.
no parker, the left, and you are secretly knowing there will be one and don't want trump to be right.
save phony outrage! sociopath hoping4 attack! so filled w &amp; ego amazed he can haul his obsese self down the elevator
you are one sick bitch. would find a way to make money from it.
objectively, there is no such thing as "can" &amp; "cannot". there is only "did" vs. "did not". if she consented, then she did consent
"cannot" is not a fact, it is a conclusion. the only fact is whether the drunk woman did or did not consent.
introduced in 1932, the cyclomer was intended to be an amphibious .
another idea that proved to be all wet...
"that's our casilla!"
he sucks and texas just scored a td. i'm in a world of shit!
hey , if you keep suggesting your supporters kill , someone will listen. the blood will be on your hands.
i think he wants it. i think this garbage wants blood.
i'm glad that you're okay
thanks for checking up on me, means a lot
sad when you have to chase a piece of shit for a mile in traffic for him to confess. second hit of the night.
could have been much worse, btw
oh, his vision for the future of human society. or more scarily - if he doesn't have one, given the impact of what he has built.
i'm worried he's a quieter (and thus more dangerous) thiel. libertarians buying national news orgs scare the shit out of me.
huge explosion 1/2 block away from me in chelsea. 23rd and 6th blocked off
next time hold your camera in landscape mode. thanks!!!
jonathan, i luv your tweets, but plz don't include other people's usernames. some show t&amp;a, and my followers don't approve.
sorry, about that.. will do.
i never celebrate any injury.
vawl fans are celebrating on twitter
idk what to do for my birthday...and i don't like it when friends ask me cause i have no idea
what are you doing for your birthday jk
guys. i know there's lots of news tonight. but i just learned about the american pika. look at this little guy:
you see them all the time hiking in the pacific northwest!
am i doing this right? /cc
wow do they really expect ppl to upload their official id?
wtf is a stater bros
it's how you know in you're in the ie
that's not a great take
he's not a great pitcher so it fits.
today is the day where i listen to all songs on the interwebs that are by 5sos
also pls never stop playing disconnected live u can not let that beautiful tune die
nick gordon found legally responsible for bobbi kristina brown's death.
brand new tune
i never celebrate any injury.
dobbs will be eating dirt saturday
lol im sure the guy who replies to every single one of a beat reporters tweets has a girlfriend
yeah every single tweet i reply to, no asshole i actually have a job, this is something i do in my freetime to connect with people
yay! good luck. may i recommend paper ballots.
it's only his 1st term.
i think you're assuming that all co's will go to ipo with higher value. if that's not the case, a fmv purchase isn't the worst
are there triggers for repurchase, like poor performance or departure? i haven't heard of this trend
lol im sure the guy who replies to every single one of a beat reporters tweets has a girlfriend
problem with that? sammy bitch boi
the method i'd take, if i were, would be to use comixology submit to get a following, the print the collect afterwards
also thank you, you're the only one who has answered this!
you've got a bombshell to drop with that 4 plastic jugs and timer report!
it may have been a reference to new jersey
breaking: authorities are also investigating an explosion on the downtown mall in charlottesville.
guess we better band all the knives and blame the conservatives for something
i live too close to times sq to be venturing through it and to that area
oof at least there's no dead from what i heard.
you call me 'elitist' yet you know nothing about me. is that an insult? this is an elitist
you're a tree hugger, no more needs to be said.
it's more than exhaustion.
she doesn't have the stamina
i'd bet if all the kinks got worked out between compensation for player likeness and what not happened,
if another ncaa football game was made for consoles again, it would outsell madden.
we get hall and jrm back what's ur point
jrm is not playing.... at least what i'm hearing
lol im sure the guy who replies to every single one of a beat reporters tweets has a girlfriend
what's it like knowing you are an accident due to a ripped condom?
less than 2 hours until an all new ! join me on twitter at 10 eastern. i am eager to know what you think about this case!
if i was on the jury, i don't think i could find this nut guilty. simply not enough evidence!
shark gives the a 2-1 lead with a sac-fly!
why do they continue to put this guy in the game?sit him or ship him.
no the way the light falls on bevmo in the evening, the rattle of the 38l as it pounds half-full across geary, the vintage potholes...
the way everyone just wants to get to another part of town quickly. that mcdonalds w the drive thru that shut down last year.
i'm in chelsea and nobody in new york is panicking. nor should you, wherever you are.
this is actually not true. i was nine blocks away when you tweeted this and there was panic where i was
hope you're having a good time in new york catalina!
i'll try and bring you some spanish food!
a prime example of the wanton stupidity that erupts in times of crisis. mostly from non-new yorkers in this case.
not trending as a probable act of ..wonder why?
i unleashed great vengeance and furious anger when i couldn't see , poor management.
i bought the wec app for that. wasn't going to miss that.
ppl booing casilla is only going to make him pitch more off. he seems sensitive to comments/reactions! can't be doing that again!
lots of people cheering but it doesn't matter.
so you prefer they be put to death? interesting.
stories of those times. here is a clue, it does not have to be one or the other.
this is the best batman scene ever, idc what anyone says.
i couldn't agree with you more. absolutely epic.
last night i had a dream your twitter account gave me glasses advice
definitely get the anti glare coating. always
can't wait to see the early 2000s period pieces netflix makes in thirty years actually no immediately take it back i don't want to know
plot twist: i will showrun them all
clay helton on punting in stanford territory toward the end of the game. "i thought it was good to pin them deep."
lynn swan on that punt: where's my rolodex??
you may have guessed by the fact that i've been tweeting comics panels all evening, but: i was not anywhere near the bombing.
-explosion sound- "holy shit was that an explosion?!" "meh" -keeps reading outsiders-
matt reynolds is also now warming up. closer by committee!
why did he bring him in? why????
that was me yesterday i was dragging khalia and ashley cause these people in front of us were walking extremely slow
haha its truly annoying especially in the city where everything is fast paced and everybody is trying to get where they're going
that's one of the things i like / hate about my blackberry - it tells me if it's outputting for headphone v line.. but it goes wrong
. interesting! i discovered my soundblaster is drawing &lt;1w charging from ac. the kill-a-watt doesn't go low enough. 1 va.
r d still good and u r now one dimensional where we r starting to throw now too
we ain't one dimensional....... with callaway back and sutton out.... we will target him 15 times
the movie sully was actually really good.. but they fucked up the attitude indicator and what kind of headsets were those
oooh i didn't notice that. what was wrong with it?
lol im sure the guy who replies to every single one of a beat reporters tweets has a girlfriend
and even if i did "reply to every single tweet" what business is it of yours what the fuck i do, stupid idiot
so you prefer they be put to death? interesting.
nope. you are not listening. islam is pure garbage, i will never support it.
this is the best batman scene ever, idc what anyone says.
i couldn't agree with you more! absolutely epic.
is curving my social media experience. the is only good on the phone's native apps not any others
texting is . that's it
this was completely normal until i noticed the kigurumi mask. and is that shampoo?!
the mask in the corner makes it feel like some sort of creepy haunted photo.
what's your favorite song from today's vid?
i want to meet you by she only 16
stay safe in !
thanks bro
casilla is a shit show.
and that's an understatement.
if someone shows u that they are fake, take it for what it is and u decide wether u wanna fuck with them
i feel you about being fake or real but tell me did you get cold feet or intimidated when i was hitting you up in the dms
take their will away. make them sorry they put us on the schedule. finish!!!!
end their season tonight!
they didn't even care they just accepted it
they were like welp jus another hit from our favorite chill sopt
"cannot" is not a fact, it is a conclusion. the only fact is whether the drunk woman did or did not consent.
if u conclude that all drunk women "cannot" consent, then i'd similarly conclude that a white woman cannot consent to a black man.
that said, you stay safe friend.
i'll just do what i always do: stay home and play video games
thanks to my top interactors! via
woo hoo i made it
closed 15 years ago
oh sorry.
ludicrous statement. at least he has is pulse on things. obama blind to all things.
the only thing trump has a pulse on is that americans are tired of the status quo. he has no solutions/answers
"for where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am i in the midst of them." matthew 18:20 kjv
"but we will give ourselves continually in prayer and to the ministry of the word." acts 6:4 both are our lifeline to god!!!
yo they're at the beach and netflix doesn't have subtitles for the songs. i don't speak no lick of hindi what's going on???
how is there steel pan in one refrain then bagpipes in another this movie lit right now
its not n act she does if it was up to her she would send him to hong kong remember
weird cause he always nice about her and paul literally shit on her
yeah he's turned over a lot before but mac is a genius with qb
honestly... we got to run down their throats
hey sharon
hi jeanne and all
. took saturday's away from the boys and gave them to harambe
and for anyone who didn't understand that, typically saturday's are for the boys.
lol im sure the guy who replies to every single one of a beat reporters tweets has a girlfriend
again, i'm not going to stop until you block me, i got all night bitch, tomorrow sunday i dont gotta get up early
9th inning way more stressful in person, when i can't change to battlebots or binge raid refrigerator.
just turned tv off and almost sprinted to another room.
at what point is someone intentionally setting off an explosive device to kill and maim not "terrorism"?
weird that he'd put it in a dumpster if he was trying to kill and maim many people. we just don't know the facts, that's all.
oh guess what?obama&amp; 'sradicalislamist 'refugees'6days2late
remember on 9/11..after collapsed..she was over there oh well
got the ground ball.
the boos are deafening.
great shot from
i love that shoot.
what's your favorite song from today's vid?
the one from cold play
. interesting! i discovered my soundblaster is drawing &lt;1w charging from ac. the kill-a-watt doesn't go low enough. 1 va.
. ...so somewhere under 200 ma. with a battery of similar size, you could power big headphones and trickle recharge via lightning.
kyle *narrates what he thinks our dogs are thinking daughter- why do our dogs swear so much? kyle- they don't have god
they're dog is you!
just two days ago, a muslim terrorist attack couple of police officers with a clever. today an ied goes off in a dumpster.
cleaver, you not clever. and it wasn't a terrorist--someone who did not want their car booted.
if u conclude that all drunk women "cannot" consent, then i'd similarly conclude that a white woman cannot consent to a black man.
and if a white woman cannot consent to sex w/ a black man, then that would mean that mulatto children are "products of rape".
more torture
should have never brought casilla in. he's not ready mentally to close right now.
wtf where you st
co workers party. lol
are you guys staying in tonight then?
lol we were already laying down before all this happened.
lol i was doing this at the last few parties i went to rt : shoulda brought my sketchbook to the party.
i'm at a bar n tbh i be getting crazy ideas when i'm not in the space to create so unfair lol
media matters' eric boehlert: there might be 'payback' from the press against trump - breitbart
so what will be different than any other day of the week.
lousy fans. casilla has done more good, they have short memories.
yeah well, so much for that thought. geez!
per an aide, clinton has been informed of the explosion in nyc and has asked her staff to provide her updates as the situation develops.
and hillary will then do what???
so someone intentionally put the chemicals in there so they would explode?
first, i'm not drawing any conclusions. but if a contractor improperly disposes chemicals, yeah, intentional.
lmfao at joe budden begging for a hit making his own version of all the way up
i can't recall another mc that would sound better acapella vs. over beats. dude could make a just blaze beat sound boring
multiple bombs in ny &amp; nj on same day - at a military-affiliated event and the other in a gay neighborhood in nyc.
that particular location can hardly be described as a "gay area", maybe 15 yrs ago, not now. (lived in the area 9 years)
i hope you feel better &amp; glad you still have the tea!!! ((hugs))
just enough so i didn't have to leave home. thank you again! have to get better asap...less than 2 weeks left! see you soon :-)
my favorite part of the concert is when just stood on stage for like 30 mins doing nothing
i'm so sad that i didn't get to go to any of the shows this year college ruined my concert schedule.
lol im sure the guy who replies to every single one of a beat reporters tweets has a girlfriend
you want my attention, you got it jackass
some movies would definitely benefit from adopting the ff aesthetic take, say, rob zombie's 31, which i just caught on demand
other thing i like about ff is that it lets people with weirder visions get their stuff greenlit without needing a big name
yup. it's thunderball -dec 10th on radio 4 at 2.30 unless the bbc move it. enjoy.
any idea if these will be made available to us yanks across the pond?
you getting pussy
your absoloutly right..they love a nigga in these color palettes
time will tell!
so irresponsible to say no terrorist attack- based on what?
omg christen!! happy birthday love &amp; miss you lets hang out soon
lol thanks linda! &amp; yes please
it's that boring? lol
nah would just be getting more outta my night if i had it.
and for anyone who didn't understand that, typically saturday's are for the boys.
and now saturday's are for harambe.
lol, you keep proving that you are a cherrypicker. troll.
deflection from the truth. how muslim of you.
other thing i like about ff is that it lets people with weirder visions get their stuff greenlit without needing a big name
like there's no studio that would say "hell yeah!" to your big foot movie pitch without the found footage crux
ny mayor says explosion in appears to be intentional. number of people injured has risen to 29.
how the hell can it be intentional and not an act of terrorism?
scrubbing the bathtub you say pass! haha!
haha! i know....but it is productive and it tires you out....;-)
all of my people on the east coast, please stay safe. today has been a very crazy day on that side.
***thank you, (more than) somewhat. :) ***
cardinals tie it up. i don't know either, guys.
bochy doing bad job with the bullpen this season horrible
thousands have &amp; are still trying to wipe us out &amp; yet here we still are 125 years later.
i never called for genocide. the country is just waking up to your parasites.
my neighbors have been doing loud, shitty karaoke for at least 4 hours now. someone put me out of my misery.
we could be back at ku with a rapist on the loose !!
. thanks- glad you enjoyed it! is a pro..i just play one on tv
thanks for watching! ap is not as bad as she says she is. she's a lot of fun to work with.
watching the buckeye game via fox sports vr app, pretty good seats!
biggest gripe is that i'm on the oklahoma sideline
isn't that the bully from it?
nope. but to be fair, haven't seen or read it.
could someone explain the difference between an intentional bomb vs an unintentional bomb?
intentional act vs. gas explosion, etc., no?
early morning shoots... :)
wishing you lots of fabulousness and coffee...
happy birthday christen! miss you and hope you have a great day! love you
thanks strawberry blonde hmu when you're back in sj!
i have more confidence in the local ice cream man than i do lol
i have more confidence in clay helton at usc than deblasio in charge of an ice cream truck
any idea how far buxton's homer went?
it was a moonshot... he crushed it. def need to know distance/hangtime.
is that the same dude who in the olympics flipped in behind his head left handed from the hoop to someone at the 3 point line?
yes. i think he's my favorite basketball player
these muhfuckas make me look small
who r these fools?
why can't we focus on the victims of the shooting instead of making unnecessary racist comments...
b/c why focus on victims after victims after victims w/o the ability to stop the crime?aren't 49 dead orlando bodies enough 4 u?
thousands have &amp; are still trying to wipe us out &amp; yet here we still are 125 years later.
how are the ahmadis doing in pakistan? useful idiots.
my goodness
i fell out of my chair
fuck you bochy!!
omg chill :(
did you fart? was that the explosion?
maybe....i had a crazy day, good and bad, then this...
the tea bag was invented by thomas sullivan by accident when he shipped tea in porous bags.
for which i am forever grateful
i love you so much that it hurts my head
i don't mind you running through my skin. let the bad parts in, the bad parts in
liberal use of "%" helps one keep track of these details without inflicting them on innocents.
yeah, i comment out lots of the more mundane dept/uni service, but my cv is pretty damn long.
the only thing trump has a pulse on is that americans are tired of the status quo. he has no solutions/answers
it doesn't take a rocket scientist to see that most of us are dissatisfied. he's acknowledges it with crazy talk
you know, i wasn't even aware tim mccarver was still alive. unless they're just piping in old clips of his voice.
it's like nhl 17. he just records 20 of his favorite phrases and they punch them all through.
israeli forces shot a palestinian man during their training exercise! just for fun.
ustax$ in action intends to ameliorate israel's house of horrors, just vile
let's all crash it!
we can have our own party at my place in menlo!
cardinals tie it up. i don't know either, guys.
i'll bet cards were salivating when they saw casilla come in.
is dha some sorta type?
lmao bruh i hate you it just means "the" "dha"
what y'all doing tonight? (besides not having sex).
right now, watching news, explosion in ny. then naruto plus fifa 17 demo on ps4
. live with (who was on-air during 9/11) reporting 2nd device reported earlier was a pressure cooker
but says this is not !
i never thought a giants closer would be worse than armando benitez. i was wrong
we are at the game and we were hair saying the same thing
you were a little bit like "i'm gone... lol!!! so tell me all your traumatic life stories lol"
that is false!
no everything isnt fine....??? there was an explosion w 26 injured ??
i just walked past the explosion lol it's fine
where's the next one at
halloween i think.
ah, haha, same here but, you know a dude mom (dad) lol
this is why i can't babysit. i get baby fever and my poor boyfriend doesn't go near me for a while
there is no rightful nor logical way that you can contend that a drunk woman "cannot" consent. it's entirely her choice to consent
since drunk women "cannot" consent, drunk women therefore cannot be arrested for dui when caught driving drunk.
someone mixed their meds with a little vino.... just sayin'.
omg what's wrong with her. seriously. how is this not news
we'll know soon, but hillary just called it a bomb.
that's all i'm saying. wait for the details. this isn't 9/11 scale, we can be patient.
terrorism in america existed before 9/11. the last 15yrs is hardly an accurate sample of the histort of terrorism
here's a lovely list of all the terrorist attacks in 2016 alone that've been done in name of islam:
finally saw "captain america: civil war" and enjoyed it far more than ultron.
ultron was a mess. one of those "bridge" sequels set up for other films/characters. civil war has been one of the best
this is the tweet that best sums up my thoughts.
"man, screw the jla!" "are you sure you wanta burn that bridge guy?"
thank you, fabien! hope to see you in the next mobile marketer event! :)
just saw the new vr app, congrats!
happy bday pretty!! don't tu too hard and hope you have a great day
thanks coworkerdont turn up too hard? hmmm
mayor: no indication explosion in new york was related to terrorism, but it was intentional.
now it's "related" to terrorism, what bull shit word games are you people playing?
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
i may have no life, but you are the waste of life, so concerned with what other people are doing
mayor deblasio says incident was "intentional" but there's no evidence of terrorism. isn't that a contradiction?
depends on motive, no?
so many sirens in lower manhattan tonight
i hear quite a few in brooklyn right now as well.
the vista chinesa circuit - which included a treacherous descent where olyp cyclist hurt - was not part of the paralympic course.
really? i heard otherwise, but if i'm wrong, still, the organizers who put the circuits together have fault in all 3 wrecks.
that last scoring drive: 6 plays, 86 yards in 1:29.
kal is gonna give up a lot of drives like that this year
welcome to the where had her enemies 'suicided' before they even knew what h
she is a serial killer. you can't make this shit up.
my first thought was how a pediatrician could possibly conceal a child's cough from its parent
i have to admit, you made me go back and read it and then i subsequently laughed. damn you.
so fucking true.wait for the "unconfirmed" reports of a "middle eastern" man seen near the site.
then not even a slightest mention of "terror" link or not at seaside, which could have been even worse.
the older brother dies
i hope you get your 2k player to 99 and your lil bro deletes it
but doctor....my tweets are bad!!!!
sir........ im afraid it's terminal
does your door have locks on the outside?
if the dugout phone rings right now bochy shouldn't answer it
this shouldn't have to be said: you don't just get to say someone else did the worst things you've done. it doesn't work. no one buys it.
it would be great if it was true that no one buys it, but too many believe every blatant lie he tells.
i think romo is pitching? or maybe you're referring to something else.
got the game on the phone. all casilla.
want to figure out what this highway one discovery route it
. you can visit for more info. we will have more for you this week too!
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
you must think your hot shit or something, i bet your a shy bitch boi in real life, can't get a girl to talk to you
i want biriyani...a really good biriyani. (pls don't @ me w. whack suggestions as to where i can get that good good. i'll block you )
same and if theres no aloo in it im cutting a bitch
. i don't agree. but thanks for sharing your thoughts.
i agree with mat kind of
right after vice files foia request about alleged irs audit. yeah, not buying this. trump's razor.
"i know nothing, i see nothing..."
and so it begins, smh.
stop being a psycho snap looks the damn same
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
probably raped by your dad
i hope you get your 2k player to 99 and your lil bro deletes it
i hope your xbox self destructs
it's peekaboobs it is obvious - pls look
that aint me
if not terrorism, what?
were the people terrorized? then it's terror. morons
eating froyo people watching-group of teens. white, black, brown &amp;asian. it's a small thing but this country is more united than it seems.
1,000 times yes
is there any interest in the nba for him?
apparently there is but it wasn't mutual last time a team reached out. he said he wasn't that interested
seeing this posted on various twitter accounts but no verification yet. team looking forensically at this
that's the same video that russell blaymore posted and then deleted, right?
when your girl finds any excuse to see you
this was so funny to me
this is exactly what you think of when you picture sf. wish i could live in one of them, probably in the millions tho!
seriously multimillions!! only semi-affordable when they are apartments packed with 10 other roommates
it slower if it means that i am protected from my own addictions and impulsiveness - tons of lifehacks are about making it hard to
i totally get what you're saying now. cheaper and better is very seductive, even if you know it's morally wrong.
cardinals tie it up. i don't know either, guys.
so he gets the loss &amp; the blown save?
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
mom probably fucking hates you cus your so ugly
somebody needs to tattoo a warning label on your forehead
warning: white women cannot consent to sex with black men.
happy birthday have a great day buddy
thanks matt dont fall asleep tonight you might regret it
you didn't hear? ncaa has forbidden it. such bullshit.
only for 1 minute. after that therms don't get punished
what do you mean? like how those systems became a part of the mta?
1/ yes something like that. but w details of politics &amp; finance. also how transit (&amp; subseq decline of) shaped dev of city/region
u do wat u want when u poppin
yeah i do *hair flip*
i wish i was there!
how's the screening going? are they terrified or "ho hum"?
i hear quite a few in brooklyn right now as well.
oh didn't know you were in bk
bassment nyc... where getter wouldnt come anymore because the openers go harder than him
rip afk/getter 2014... one of my favorite nights
we need to shut down until our country's representatives can figure out what the hell is going on
is that called marshalllaw? things getting to hot for ya, keith?
tbh, if i could get a retweet it'd be appreciated. i'll do another for the rest of the cast if there is demand
we demand lucario! :)
why are we bringing a tweet from 2012 back to life? lol
i have multiple bombs going off in my neighborhood. you are irrelevant. she is sick and cannot help this country.
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
if you have siblings they probably beat you up, cus your a weak little boy
happy birthday, hope you have a good one
thanks dude
sweet! tell the betsies! though jihadist may be a besties!
if there isn't a betsy nom de plume no betsys.
think denzel ward just killed a man.
here is something you can't understand
if gronk is the pats player kms gonna be so expensive
he wont be 100% ill put a mil on it. he has a 91 and a 95
amen and hallelujah, all the blessings, all the praises and all the glory belong only to the lord almighty hallelujah...
amen brother! i will praise you, o lord my god, with all my heart, and i will glorify your name forevermore. psalm 86:12
where is this???
its at the safeway in pleasanton. they're there tomorrow as well at 1
very true! i actually wouldn't mind having a bath right now
;-) i guess if i had a better solution, i wouldn't get insomnia anymore. there is the bath though...that could be relaxing.
i got home and changed into a proper shirt
*fight club nod*
islamic rule? whatever helps you sleep at night. delusional aq/isis/obl troll
i condemn all sects and islamic groups. nice try conman.
. ...so somewhere under 200 ma. with a battery of similar size, you could power big headphones and trickle recharge via lightning.
the sound blaster e1 does pump output more headphone voltage when you use the analog in compared to usb. i knew it!
lmaooo okay that's funny
lets just hate the fucking giants that's better!
aww, how could you not, he's batman
i told him it's batman day, and he took out all his batman toys for me
not a fan of the new nose
it's terrible
damn shoutout to the universe for cancelling my plans near the chelsea area tonight, hope everyone who got hurt by the explosion is okay
there would be a bombing the weekend i come to ny
we're going to ihop tonight with the squaaad
this tweet is sponsored by ihop, isnt it?
everyone is fine. there's zero panic. anyone reporting otherwise is full of it. i live here.
who said people are panicking?
glad to see you are still on the job! al i
al!!! great to hear from you. let me buy you lunch !
thank you!!
it's us caravents- we've just rebranded!!
well, this made me smile.
- it's even better tonight...look at that lead... this would count as a win right?
the more i watch team canada, the clearer it becomes to me that pk would not have been a fit.
i wonder who did this thingy in ny.
islamic rule? whatever helps you sleep at night. delusional aq/isis/obl troll
yes, islamic rule. islam does call for dominance over all.
good call lol
i call this decision
am i doing this right? /cc
i never realized macos 9 referenced that:
at least we got money's
true and i met some salvy rapper tonight lmao
i'll swing by on october 7th after getting my cronut to get a couple vials from ya
cronuts and malaria. sounds perfect! you'll have to come and get coffee with mimi and i too while you're here
chelsea really isn't a gay enclave anymore. that was kinda 10 years ago. and no contributor, this is not close to chelsea market.
chelsea may no longer be the center of ny gay nightlife but it's still pretty gay.
she had a thing on for paul days bfore her eviction
and he calls her names make fun of her voice and yet she seems to like it
red ass!!!!
i was thinking hot ass
"this isn't 9/11." that's not the point. the point is that this shouldn't happen at all in a civilized country .
and it doesn't happen in civilized countries.... one day, we will get there....
islamic rule? whatever helps you sleep at night. delusional aq/isis/obl troll
i condemn them and the ahmadis. you will lose this war khan.
i love that gia johns has nothing to say after i roasted her where you at?
my phone died and idk what u want me to say to you i don't no u you hide cuz ur a lowlife that has nothing better to do
huh. admittedly, i got it from this tweet.
i do think he started the inning.
not too bad for 7 tummy surgeries huh?!
nope very beautiful tummy
happy birthday cupcake
thanks cupcake imy
don't give in to the freshman 15 !!!
freshman 15 more like the nyc 50 lordddd
romo shouldn't have been pulled.
molina was hitting .500 against romo. but maybe bochy was overthinking it
did you fart? was that the explosion?
i was on my way home at 4:30 and had an office situation and had to go back and when i was leaving all that happened right above me
so may or may not have leaked sample clips of my album today ...
hey ginger love that voice... when you coming to california ??? sf , san jose etc...
and he calls her names make fun of her voice and yet she seems to like it
bridgette is definite the better friend of natalie
oh my lovess..due to my health (fibro &amp; endo) problems; there is now something called interstitial cystitis &amp; my procedure will be 10/11/16.
you have all my thoughts &amp; prayers
penn st. tries to stop players kneeling to protest racism, but tribute paterno, who enabled a pedophile. priorities.
as a professor of journalism, you should know not to trust everything you read from unreliable sources.
two fabulous people!
so lovely to meet you in person tonight--have a great show tomorrow. -- go to laurent's panel!
shorty texted me talking about patron shots. she said i'm in for it. to be continued
"got a lot to say to you mister" to be continued
why on earth would someone blow up a dumpster as an act of terrorism?
dumpster = schrapnel + scaffolding in on a saturday night by a station??
just calling out your hypocrisy brother!
no hypocrisy here, and we are not brothers. you are as low as a nazi and your tl is barren.
the fact that you talk shit and have so much time on your hands and have no life is the only thing that's sad..
how old are you? 24? 25? coming @ a 16 year old for something she didnt even do? are u dumb lol my tweets arent about ur friend.
somebody needs to tattoo a warning label on your forehead
try warning her that she'll wake up pregnant if engaging in binge-drinking:
i'm more popular on your everything
lol don't get ahead of yourself.
you know i'm not one to complain considering my career, but many of my followers have children who view their tweets. ty. xox
no worries ;-) completely understand.
no coverage from or instead they choose to cover obama &amp; hillary partying it up as nyc has been bombed
i am in the west village. we are being bombed. they are covering this up.
zero 9th inning comebacks for the this season. might want to end that streak.
i will buy you a crab sandwich at at&amp;t if that happens.
shoutout to falling asleep in the car on a long drive home
did that yesterday. ended up safely home, but don't remember how. wondered if i was actually dead and living in a alternate reality
so this is a weird thing to say- every month or so there's a trash fire in chelsea so i wasn't super surprised?
this sounds like the setup to a really harsh review of someone's monthly event.
just calling out your hypocrisy brother!
i am using you to just how treacherous muslims are. thanks!
friends - is everyone ok? ? explosion on 23/6 in chelsea - dozens reported hurt
it was an ied in a dumpster. it was intentional. i was over there, missed it by like 10min.
i want my brother to experience new york, i think he'd get signed to a modeling agency easily honestly.
you should link him
i get that, playing at home as a star seems awesome compared to pulling a sasha kaun (unless you get that ring)
what's funny is he plays for cska moscow. he'd rather play in russia.
it was a trashcan, not a dumpster. but also, take a history lesson.
does it fucking matter? it was an an ied
fun fact: a television engineer created the statuette using his wife's image as a model.
or so he says.
i was at the pieiro and just read the box score
well not live but on tv
now we're cookin
cookin' with pressure.
like, i think it shows the immense strength of fan works that gundam wing is at all popular, but that's the actual good shit
are u j now realizing wing is garbage
brain..dont you think you need to help young disadvanted black men to break the cycle of dysfunction?
can't help those who sag their pants and show their dirty underwear. can't help drug dealers. i'm not going to waste time.
chelsea is the theater district. hmm.
no. theatre district's in the 40s. times square area
explosion in nyc
i'm glad i stayed my ass in queens instead of going out to manhattan tonight
their soft matte creme is like one of my favorite things ever. it smells like vanilla frosting too haha
i thought i had one of those but it's a liquid suede formula. super soft!
. trump campaign should demand disavow &amp; apologize for the insult about supporters
trump owns the space between his ears.
just calling out your hypocrisy brother!
nope, you cannot refute my pts so you resort to smear tactics. typical liar for allah.
missing me? i'm told i'm impossible to avoid online
you're amazingly gorgeous
i don't believe it booing your own team. seriously, what are you hoping to accomplish?
shaming them into never using casilla again.
political views aside i never liked him
i don't like de blasio as well i say it all the time
yes please!
alright i'm coming home from pismo so remind around 12 if not tomorrow morning :-)
sure about that? we did it before you and will so again.
immigrants were basically kicked out of a town in alabama and the town went to shit bc no one would
what makes wow so good?
for me it's just a very engaging game, lots of depth and nostalgia.
ahhh happy birthday christen!! hope you gad a great one fine ass
thank u pretty girl
the details get more terrifying every second, thoughts and prayers out to everyone hurt in the explosion
what new details are there?
i'm kinda confused by 's options for upgrading my 6 to a 7. my 2yr contract is up in nov, can i renew w/ a phone discount?
i don't want some installment plan, and i don't want to trade in my old phone.
did u see the show?
no i didn't :/ when will you guys be online again?
only one place he needs to be at
i'm looking forward to seeing this year's freshman class in december at !
ugh! what is it with people in this city? the nimbys in the richmond are awful.
i wonder if they think because they're good lefties otherwise they justify it's okay to be selfish d*cks around their home.
whats the cultivars?
grenache, syrah, mourvdre
someday you'll come to the nba, sweet prince
it's part of his myth that he was offered and was like "naw, i'm good ruining people in russia"
why on earth would someone blow up a dumpster as an act of terrorism?
time it right 100's could've died or been maimed..ain't no kansas grain silo!
lulz. knew i shoulda switched over.
oh man, good stuff happening in this game. it's a bit predictable at this point.
illary can barely speak or stand! imagine if this was a national emergency situation! she is unfit for office!
great tv ad. side by side trump at rally strong and hillary with reporters physically weak
there would be a bombing the weekend i come to ny
and thank you to the friends who knew i'm in manhattan and asked if i'm okay!!! appreciate u
this is one of the dumbest fucking tweets i've ever seen on this app
drunk women are always held responsible for their choices, whether dui, drunk sex, or public urination.
they don't care about me!
real shit tho my fam ain't hit me either
last time i heard boos like that at at&amp;t was for aaron rowand.
that was us for sure
brain..dont you think you need to help young disadvanted black men to break the cycle of dysfunction?
and my name is spelled brian.
he's fucking racist/ethnicist whatever term sjw have for me because i'm ~*white passing*~
untag me, homophobes
immigrants were basically kicked out of a town in alabama and the town went to shit bc no one would
do the work of an immigrant there's the link
is it on ppv
yes, hbo ppv. if you don't have it.
well how is everybody else's day going?
nj &amp; nyc rock by explosions today some injuries i good cleaning my room and shopping
hillary clinton, on her campaign plane, responds to explosion in nyc
this is what the voice of reason sounds like
honestly tho, in the past i felt super uncomfortable talking abt boys bc i never felt like i had a chance with them.
been there!
its muslim or inspired by.. no matter what , its totally sickening. i cant beleive this shit is happened. cowards!
terror acts have no inherent religious affiliation. if intentional = terrorism.
do you want a president who calls any critic a dope, a moron, a loser, a whack job? how does that solve anything in a polarized world?
it's like trump's entire vocabulary is from three stooges movies.
daniel bc gatica stays in the oc
i kinda like going by daniel honestly. gatica does crazy stuff
exactly like why you have to be so slow! but maybe their tourist but still lol
right! sometimes it is but it's usually ppl indecisive on where they're walking or someone not paying attention on they're phone
you don't need to record everything. myob!! it's time to leave social media for awhile and focus on what's really important..
oh and fyi he's fine. again myob
but that would simply be an explosion.
if i had to guess, i would say that they have some ideas/suspects who they don't think are terrorists. just a guess, though.
literally the total opposite feelings for me tbh
lol yeah it's jokes. it just amazes me that boch keeps putting him in there
i mean they used to go to ihop all the time
it's the perfect cover-up for a sponsorship *-* he's probably been working towards this!
hey the world has spoken!
they want more catnip too. bags of it.
i'm tired now
if you're getting tired after jacking off you need more exercise boy.
has there ever been a more ignorant and irresponsible presidential nominee?
. not to mention trump's equally fear-mongering supporters online who're spreading wild rwnj tumors.
but you don't want proof. you want to cherrypick &amp; spread aq/isis/obl hate
they read from the same koran. your tape has rewound. lol
trump was briefed on the chelsea explosion? link? source?
"briefed" by watching fox
lol cool arm span
triple-clutch to get it out of his glove, otherwise he would've had him.
i was worried about you
aaww that's sweet. yeah i'm totally fine. all the trains are affected so it's hard for people to get anywhere.
whether or not it was a bombing for sure. why are you scrolling thru and replying to each of my tweets obsessively.
i thought the word used was "bomb", not "bombing".....
trying to get people to understand the difference between "intentional" and "terrorism" is pissing into a blizzard.
why do people not get that terrorism has a political component. some idiot blowing up a dumpster is not a terrorist.
...and now cnn pivots to political analysis of the explosion. led by don lemon. shoot. me. now.
a political pivot was so unnecessary at this moment.
mayor bill deblasio of nyc states he does not believe this is terrorist attack. he's a damn fool because this is not normal. what an idiot!
yup idiot!!!
mayor of nyc says no terrorist involved in all these bombs -it's only been a couple hours how do you find that out.
no, the mayor said that they haven't found any evidence of terrorism yet. they haven't ruled it out.
first full 7 day included gps, lots of use, some playback via speakers &amp; bluetooth. battery still good for this time of day. 34%.
my 6s's battery is so fucked that i'm getting visibly angry just thinking about this. really don't want to upgrade though.
just hate them both
with ya on that.
chill this ain't 2 fast 2 furious
ahaha my parents found out i street raced after i totaled my car involving a mustang strikes again
very few of my tweets to you go unanswered. i just want to say thank you and i appreciate your time.
you are welcome. without you there wouldn't be me.
we like you too
mhmmm we go together well. when yuh back in nyc ? i miss u
contemplating treating myself to an amazing piece of cheesecake ... maybe oreo , or red velvet or banana cream
is it from juniors beautiful
how the utterly lame have fallen...
hillary's in trouble -- no one to save her
on !!!! explosion 23rd street btwn 6th &amp; 7th ave... reports possible 2ndary device @ 27th st!!!
many thanks for the chelsea updates + all you've done with the guardian angels making nyc safe. you're a true hero!
waiting to hear about mosques being attacked in retaliation soon.even without religion,this was an act of terror.
absolutely. but then again, msm..
imagine an mls coach caring about the aesthetics &amp; entertainment value of the product he puts on the field. what a concept!
hi charles, quakes fan here. what are these words and what do they mean?
let's not even start to talk about how fat girls aren't supposed to want things like handsome boyfriends or cute clothes.
girl! speak on it! for hella long i felt like i ~*wasn't allowed*~ to be femme because i was fat. couldn't be more wrong!
yeah yeah. hey is everybody safe up there? not near chelsea i hope
we moved the bar to midtown. also the explosion isn't as bad as people are making it out. we've seen worse this year.
but you don't want proof. you want to cherrypick &amp; spread aq/isis/obl hate
proof of your savagery and hatred.
in to pitch in the 9th:
yes, keep spinning out your stupid hat, that is the only thing that you can do....what a useless player...
2 earth shaking explosions &amp; 25 people injured. liberals: no one's dead. no big deal. you're racist if you assume terrorism
your so deplorable! lol but true. there's another bomb i heard
long, grueling hours in the dick sucking factory over the course of 20 years will leave a man both physically and spiritually broken
isn't that from a dickens novel?
intentional act does not mean terrorism. if you don't understand the difference, you're part of the problem.
well, it does actually.
1/ yes something like that. but w details of politics &amp; finance. also how transit (&amp; subseq decline of) shaped dev of city/region
2/ (i'm reading the power broker now..caro addresses some of this (ch 39 &amp; 40), in partic wrt to li(e), but i'd like to read more)
getting all the way to the bathroom is remarkable for a canvassed. kudos to you.
ha! i peed before we left the office!
woody allens manhattan score performed by ny philharmonic perfect date for a bondstrader thanks
you are always a great date!
let me wipe away my tears
don't they employ a man who beat up his girlfriend and shows little to no remorse?
thanks. what round?
hasn't begun. you're in luck.
i would love to teach a class in sf. will look for an opportunity and tweet the details if i do. stay tuned!
i am looking into finding/starting good ya writing group around here and hopefully this will bring more light on your class!
sad how the media already thinks this was an act of terrorism.
it was a act of love
none specifically, just the general principle. and it's clear that none of those women in those pics could consent.
drunk women always consent to sex, it's sort of the point in getting them drunk (drugs) before sex.
on the final step to the easter egg and this is what i see...
sorry to say this but...
my 'fob ass nigga' will always top your 'man' though so there's not much to compare
if there's nothing to compare then why u still slobbin on his knob mami?
ggg would destroy him
without question.
.: a 2nd site as we speak is being treated by the nypd. 27th street between 6th &amp; 7th avenues.
is this mayor serious? intentional act = terrorism ... if we can't say it, we can't fight it
again nawht doing politics but a hillary puppet
bill de blasio and hillary clinton get money from al sharpton all the time!
doesn't matter the scale.. people got hurt!
you're conflating iincidents into a massive conspiracy. we have no idea who is responsible for nj or ny.
i go tomorrow night - no idea what to expect!
expect a great fun show!
lmfao well there will be more for us to love when you come back to us
when im eating world famous cheesecake as we speak
but you don't want proof. you want to cherrypick &amp; spread aq/isis/obl hate
nothing you say will get me to back off. you people are the worst of humanity.
that wasn't the argument i was making but yes, everyone is responsible for their actions, including rapists
everyone is responsible for their actions, including black-out drunk women who spread their legs for strange men.
the cardinals get 2 in the top of the 9th, now lead 3-2.
and no one is surprised.
yo im seeing justin today
have fun your going to love it
mayor worthless who wouldn't even let his police commissioner finish a sentence?
this sign hanging in the manhattan beach parking lot.
when meemawclinton awakens she'll explain dumpsters were constructed personally by trump &amp; his deplorable followers.
you're lost hatred is sad you all are making america hate again
jane, this is first time i've known you to insult all of chimp-dom, with the comparison to trump
. i was very confused why jane even acknowledge trump, let alone using chimps as analogy.
come on 1.8 surge pricing after explosion in ? i'm disgusted. people are trying to get home safe. shame on you
go back to using real cabbies again!!
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
you don't know, who the fuck you messed with prick
the only thing that works for me (somewhat) is reading
yes, that can work sometimes too...:-)
the loup of fintry, | photography by john mcsporran
just pretty
aaand, request is back to where it was on aug 26 - thanks to 's quick work.
all kudos go to . his persistence did the thing.
firefighters are searching a car and temporarily had part of the brooklyn bridge blocked off wtf is going on
literally watching this from my window
" remember " ft prod by whos ready
whos ready!! like the snip
feed paper in here
paper.not heroes. no wonder they were able to escape this trap. paper thin excuses, batman!
when asked about the false starts, max browne says he thinks that may be "a question for zach [banner]" and rest of o-line.
you should ask them what the underneath of a bus feels like
has there ever been a more ignorant and irresponsible presidential nominee?
not to mention trump's army of fear-mongering supporters online who're spreading wild rwnj rumors.
nothing gets me more amped up than a sports debate. i could go for hoursssss
cough* podcast* cough
so now u think you are a history expert? starting to feel bad for u now.
fact. islamic conquest of egypt, persia, and syria prove that.
it was an ied in a dumpster. it was intentional. i was over there, missed it by like 10min.
there's another one on 27th, best to stay inside, is reporting it as intentional -just awful, that's my favorite spot in nyc
&amp; 2 u also,my friend.. !
thanks dear gmdf
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
: as randy quaid said to the aliens,"up yours!"we remember benghazi, libya, egypt, syria, europe, america, clinton cash, hati
if you see something, say something. otherwise, live your best life. i guarantee that doesn't include trash can paranoia. :)
not me i worry about. but yeah.
i wish i would have known, i would have joined you
there is still time :) if you decide to go ;) doubt the flights are booked solid :d
oh no! so so sorry to hear! stay safe! take care! hugs
hi all good evening all good we are safe thank you
you can't make our media up. lol.
don't people know that trump the candidate is different than trump prez. he will handle everything differently
yessir. no doubt will get some down to you soon my man! canada appreciates the support.
most definitely!
and the simplicity and ease with which it is done is almost more socially damaging than 9/11.
well that's on us, then. seems to me the further people live from these incidents the more scared they are.
positive vibes ur way as well bruh.
mario does like shrooms. 1up.
kony 2012 quickly became a punch line. but what if it did more good than harm? - (or did it do anything? )
the kony 2012 phenomenon was weird. so far it hasn't helped get kony.
i just had 4 tacos from taco bell, then one hour later, 2 tacos and a crisp beef burrito from taco time. send help.
i can send one of the following items: - doritos cheesy gordita crunch - crunchwrap - chalupa - quesarito - tums
the cardinals get 2 in the top of the 9th, now lead 3-2.
and once again bochi let casilla pitch and he did what he does best, losing games.....good job bruce bochi, well done...!
nice int by cal
i can't stand watching this team anymore. they're going to give up an average of 35 points a game.
let every knee before him bow.
that at the name of jesus every knee shall bow of those in heaven +of those on earth +of those under the earth philip.2:10
just showed my roommate the dez bryant "catch", he says it's not a catch. your thoughts?
it was a catch
you're not my dad
i've seen what you been doing on here son. i'm calling your mother.
loooool u thought i'm 17... know yourself smh, just stay in your own lane and there will be no beef.
what lane? i cant tweet? u need to control yourself fam. im in high school so there are plenty more snitches to subtweet.
yeaaah haha it was on ooovoo back when it was a thing..damn, time flies
right! life goes by so quickly, i remember being in love with the brothers man lol what a time
that is sad. our families deserve a better quality of life without fear. the wall should have been done long ago.
anna they won't let us re-tweet:
this evening, i watched 2 m:i episodes and the mannix pilot, all scored by lalo schifrin.
sounds like a great night.
what's the most embarrassing/devastating bug you created that ended up in production?
. i can't say publicly.
a part of me really needs this tbh
i'd be lying if i didn't think about it tbh
so i think those burned followed along w/ the 1.0 betas? that was a rough time, but it said "beta" the whole time so
alpha is the new beta
is he yours?
yes! that's my ottb heston. he's pretty goofy.
oh no ... or oh yeah ... depending on your preference.
ohh yeah!! because first off, we want the game at home. 2nd id rather face any cardinal than bumgardner
i've remained in bochy's corner - but - at no point should casilla been shoved into this game given the circumstances - pathetic
you are so right, casilla should be relegated to a mid-closer role if even that. personally, i think evans should've cut him.
did he take my seat
we have one seat but they'll probably. it another boy tbh
checking out possible 2nd device 4 blocks from .
roger keep us posted &amp; when this happened i was in washington heights
is the best superhero movie of all time?
. it's hard for me to separate christopher nolan's dark knight trilogy as separate movies. i view them as one huge film.
yr boiz are downtown new york at the head wound city after party. come get weird
where downtown?
you're nothing but a disgrace to mankind, to this election, to everyone you've defrauded
reprehensible and heinous
i don't cherry pick, no matter what i read. i focus on the concepts. you should try it sometimes
i am very focused. islam is plague upon humanity.
bochy turns to casilla. a good chunk of the crowd is booing.
if they don't come back this loss is on bochy. curious what he says on the post show.
hang in there. heavy rain about to move on to the lake :(
also, we found that heavy rain lolz
i dunno. i think a pt of it does fall on the players tho. we have to score runs. we have to defend. boch can do only so much
it's some remarkably bad luck
welp. i'm up. i'm wide awake. i'm not gonna go out. guess i shall...
u should go out
when i'm jealous :\ ship me some and visit all the gossip girl spots and take pics for me !!
oh you know i will !
and your husband usually looks at the tops of their heads.
omg that's good
i don't cherry pick, no matter what i read. i focus on the concepts. you should try it sometimes
it is called proving my points.
i don't eat seafood
haha, a beer then. but seriously, bochy this year....
all my friends used to complain about teachers and now all my friends are teachers
we're also all super underpaid and super overworked and super sad
that's how i feel about sergio llull as well
i think bill was the one who made the "some birds aren't meant to be caged" reference wrt milos
when you and your best friend are both in the same boat
*when your best friend sails off in the boat and leaves you stranded
am i the only one getting major nancy kerrigan vibes from 's free skate!? it's spectacular!
yes! the dress/hair are very reminiscent but also her skating style. this could be her breakthrough season!
what an embarrassment, especially on this particular day.
i agree, but youth is a curable disease, .
oh the fucked up politics of september ball. i want the cards to push the mets out of wild card.
oh is pitching for the cards. who's on first?
right. well, it's gone back to where it was on aug 26. if anything, it would've been lodash that would've spiked
i mean that kind of changes in traffic probably sound all kinds of alarms inside npm hq. wondering how it looks like :)
they work there?
they fuse there.
woman r attracted to dbags so ive heard not judging
so natalie is actually smarter than bronte
it would be nice if more celebrities felt that way.
i'm still a pretty small fish ... i've seen what the accounts of 1m followers look like and it's nearly impossible to kee up.
i apologize for any future incoherence but i had a phone call about g pa's descent toward cancer death.
so sorry man and fuck cancer
how do people only follow like 200 people? i feel bad if i don't follow someone back
then follow me pls
called shootings an act of domestic terror. someone intentionally sets explosion on 23rd? not terror?
exactly, it's always terrorism when you set off an explosive device, regardless of who or why
i'm eating a sandwich w just peanut butter lol
not that bad tbh
i've learned a lot from the discussion, but i have a lot more to learn. i'm personally trying to listen and help where i can.
this is basically my attitude towards all of these problems. i'd like to learn, and then help.
anytime boo, enjoy your time in the city. you always bring good vibes &amp; your snapchats are giving me lifeeee
awww this made my day, thanks
i don't cherry pick, no matter what i read. i focus on the concepts. you should try it sometimes
keep trying con. i find islam to be repulsive.
nothing gets me hotter then seeing &amp; together. too much beauty in one pic
100% agree breathtaking beauties
when you dont know what direction to walk when you get off the train
don't do this jvcncnxjxnxn
conservatives blaming on obama, clinton, muslims, blm, syrians, immigrants...but how dare anyone call them "deplorable"
they aren't merely deplor-able. they're deplored. i deplore them.
"donald trump's birther event is the greatest trick he's ever pulled" by via
couldn't re-tweet this one hummmmmm
did he say something? was watching college football today, missed a few hours
no not yet i havent watched feeds
it happened in chelsea. i wonder what happened i'm glad you're safe!
seriously i am too. a lot of my friends went out that way tonight to some clubs. hopefully it wasn't too bad out there.
doesn't matter the scale.. people got hurt!
they did, and we need to get to the bottom of it, but not by creating a story we can't support with facts.
what are people doing with their cables?! i have never had a bad apple cable in the 15 years of owning them
i have to agree... you are doing something wrong if your cable turns green/blue. i may have had 1 bad apple cable 15+ yrs.
cue talking bout how trash uga is...
talks game speaks for itself
cool: no evidence of terror connection in 'intentional' new york city explosion, mayor bill de blasio via
so confused, what's the difference between 'intentional' and 'terrorism' ???
step up and let hillary know you've got her back. add your name now if she can count on you in november!
not a chance!!!
u should go out
shits just went off outside the crib. think that's. sign to stay in
which will it be?
classic stuff rubin
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
lol sammy the bich boi talks about me having no life, yet he is binge watching shows, u try going outside
sunday morning mushnick.
you are so anti-francesa it is startling. and i don't even like the guy. get a life.
there's a warranty man. 1 year. all apple stores have a battery test. takes 2 min. free replace if bad.
i went. their tests say that it's fine. it's not.
going on my first date in almost 3 years tonight. woof. i think i spruced up ok.
u look fantastic! hope it went well!
i keep mine on me and pens
i dipped out too quick :( my small one just became a mandatory item to go.
if my order is not being honored please refund me my money as soon as possible
wack ass 95s
just why does hillary clinton want to be president?
guys just look at hillary's lifelong work.
scary night in "breaking: reports of explosion in new york city"
stay safe out there!
you sure she isn't a boy? most ginger kitties are boys
i didn't get a close look. i have many scratches from separating rocky from my cat daisy.
we have one seat but they'll probably. it another boy tbh
buy another
it's excellent! you know your radio show is an all time fav - but last week was a+
thanks. that means a lot from you!
cherrypicker troll, stop digging already! lol
in other words my point is true.
the iphone 7 trade up was a limited time offer, but rather than ending it we're adding with t-mobile one *joshjames
? what does that mean? also is the issue with software update fixed with the 6and 6 plus?
my caffeine "allergy" (or whatever it is) is so temperamental and it's really hard to tell most times if i'll be ok to consume it
like one day i'll drink a tea and be fine and then i'll drink it again the next day and die
evans must put casilla on the "healthy scratch dl" thing - take the choice away from bochy - you gotta do it
is there no one else? hasn't romo lost the job before too?
what do you see i heard them say on there radio brooklyn bridge
multiple firefighters with flashlights searching a car and pouring powder around it, an ambulance and 2 fire trucks
dnt sweat it i'll have another my guy let me kno ya fav track n when u pull up i'll perform it
crazy on how this is why i fucks with u
exactly. no way sick hillary makes it thru 90 mins, 3 times, standing w/no breaks. she w/b exposed.
couldn't re-tweet this one either hummmmmm
... yes, you suck
yeah we suck three world series 1989 we remember
curtis granderson saves the mets
drinking a cold one for grandy !
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
thomas jefferson
shits just went off outside the crib. think that's. sign to stay in
hahah nah man yolo at this point
. on : we basically don't know anything, but we're going to spend ten minutes talking about it anyway.
intentional explosion 29 hurt 1 seriously . 2nd "device" on 27th street. that's more than enough bad info
updates on chelsea explosion: - fdny: 29 injuries, 1 serious - mayor: explosion appeared to be "intentional act"
say it you sniveling weasels it's an act of fucking terrorism!!! stop covering for islam!!!
meanwhile, on fight to win pro 12, chris cariaso is grappling in the gi.
is it an ill fitted gi at least?
my television crush is definitely sanjay gupta
very professional, has a killer smile, wants to get down to the truth for the audience
mayor de blasio said no evidence of terror ties. it must have been one of those friendly bombs trying to kill americans. moron.
peaceful-- they use the keyword "peaceful", must be peaceful bombs placed by peaceful people.
another great math with and today!!
gorgeous beauties
except this is fake. with home kit you must unlocke with fingerprint first. siri will not unlock
nah that's what we are saying: the ipad at home is plugged in and always unlocked and is security problem
where's the blame to our offense for only putting up 2?
i think that's a fair critique as well but cumon casilla has been atrocious
why you sohwing her pictures of a bm and ww? its you bm who are all over yt calling bw bed wenches. hahaha
hey, if the shoe fits, wear it. scandal is proof of bw's bed wench syndrome. they lust for their white daddies.
went to the movies by myself and of course i spilled a whole box of sour patch watermelons highly disappointed in myself lol
solo movie be the movie
let every knee before him bow.
and that every tongue should confess that jesus christ is lord, to the glory of god the father. philippians 2:11
hearing about these kids being rapists in their 20s. im sorry you so traumatized but you dont deserve a life if you can take one away.
oh my fucking god preach
you are so right! this also reminded me that they don't make movies like this any more either. :-(
ooh! you're definitely right about that one. great movie which i must see again. probably on netflix?
wasn't that the padres catcher in the early 90s who threw out runners from his knees?
benito santiago wore 09. santiago benitez's era is 90.
"one time someone used my eyeliner and i got pink eye" "you know what that means? they stuck it up their butt" what lol
cant trust anyone these days hahah
pretty cool huh? we also released this one: :-)
cool. what is the best way to contribute content there related to vaadin framework?
speaking not as a physician i'm pretty sure i've diagnosed hillary. it's called foot in mouth
get out of here dummy.
i didn't get a close look. i have many scratches from separating rocky from my cat daisy.
i'm hoping we find rocky's home family. healthy and clean cat, but no collar.
all the way up by rachel kerr
i love with your
all my jersey and new yorkers please be safe. get inside...let the authorities do there thing. might be more around the city.
i reading some don't think its terrorists. hello? seaside and nyc on the same day? do the math politicians!
chances are better.
callaway back...
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
your mom is a porn star
another innocent unarmed black citizen was executed by suspected race soldiers last night in tulsa
...notice the veiled provocative hints put in his speech just b4 weeknd...can we ban his volatile talk?
guess you have never been to israel!
i should clarify, only place in the us!
when will people stop accusing muslims for an explosion even before they make sure it's a terror attack???
wtf are you talking about? police already said it was intentional.
no. by your logic everything could be considered terrorism.
no. by your logic, some terrorism is accidental. placing a bomb somewhere is terrorism.
was too swipe-happy and gave a dude i dated for three months who turned out to be a sociopath an accidental rightie
he would check my blog every half hour and look up "fat" and "obese" in the search bar, daily, even after we stopped seeing each other
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
you are a crack baby
bring some on monday
i uhh dont have any
there is zero defense in this cal vs texas game.
is vic enwere or any cal running back a good prospect?
at this point, not even worth the beat writers time to ask bochy why he would put casilla in.. just going to get the same bullshit
"hes our closer, we believe in him"
what's the most embarrassing/devastating bug you created that ended up in production?
something that said "good morning" only between 3-5 pm. this was discovered during a demo to an svp.
really glad youre safe. please give us copyright on all platforms in perpetuity
that'll stand up in court
span walk off c'mon
earn the contract
happy birthday
thank you
the fm towns ii ... *homer simpson drool face* *temporarily adds ebay to blocklist*
god yes. it was the epitome of exotic technology to my teenage self.
starting to hate how much time i spend with myself...
but you're great company
never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama.
dopey? you must be joking.
lol, ww1&amp;ww2 caused by christians! hitler was a christian! please stop digging dude! you need help
hitler and islam both hate jews. 10's of thousands of muslims helped him.
hillary causes racial divide
couldn't re-tweet this one either hummmmmm
bring some on monday
ohh denisee yeah bring some
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
i bet you take showers with your dad
it wasn't even worth $2.
specify then!
that's what mcelwain said
yet... we get callaway back and have 4 rb that are studs
omg i'm going to be sick af for life is beautiful i can already feel it
i'm feelings symptoms right now too :( we must better our health in this last week we have
we so inconsistent. briscoe gotta go! glad we pulled it out!!
thought y'all didn't pull it out against wisconsin today. am i missing something?
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
i bet your grandpa takes it up the ass
really disturbed at how twitter has taken to somehow pointing fingers at hillary in response to the bombing. let's focus on facts.
or moreover, making sure people are safe
updated number. updated level of injury tho mayor says non-life threatening.
2nd explosion nearby. you hear it?
amen and thank you!
glory to god brother!
. why was it scary?
scary because before watching the movie i didn't realize what the government could really do (providing its all true stuff)
anyone talk to me. i'm hella bored and looking for a reason to stay awake.
what it does in the bx
trump claims new york explosion is a bomb without confirmation
well it did go boom!
who said it wasn't okay? jesus, has everyone devolved to thinking only in terms of ones and zeros?
yes. i mean no. i mean. damnit!
1) wow she looks dog tired 2) doesn't seem concerned 3) talks about knowing facts.. what, like benghazi!?
we here know that the wh and hillary lie to us and create initial stories i.e benghazi video tape
point im trying to make is tht we cnt say it's intentional but not related to terrorism.r we equating terrorism w/muslims?
any crazy person tht commits an act tht terrorizes, is a terrorist. person can be muslim, christian, atheist, buddhist etc
my mom and i saw a pinsir on the radar and walked around her backyard for like half an hour searching for it fruitlessly
i have that same struggle with tauros.
and it's not hardly charging. let it sit on charger for more than 20 mins and it stayed in the red.
i receive my iphone 7 monday.. i was hopping they would have been improvements.. ugh.. slow charging won't be helpful
i know this lmaoo
lmfao ohh i was about to say you live under a rock
so hufflepuff then
i'll take your word for it!!
i hear quite a few in brooklyn right now as well.
let's coffee or somethinh
are dems unaware that an intentional act with a bomb is a terrorist attack-once again, trump called it right &amp; media bashed him!
the media is comprised of morons. what did you expect.
if you're not in lockstep they shut you down real quick.
couldn't re-tweet this one either hummmmm
vote yet another tax grab with no guarantee the proceeds will be spent on issues that matter!
deceptive tweeting. it's a soda tax only
bout to off myself
u better not
look at that something happened
look at that another thing happened
yes, domino's. and yes, 2 pizzas. it's been raining all day. didn't wanna get groceries.
i always get two as well because they have that 5.99 deal haha. lasts me a couple days to finish lol
the kony 2012 phenomenon was weird. so far it hasn't helped get kony.
fwiw, i donated $30 or so to the ugandan charity that the author of vim promotes.
so this was "intentional" but not terrorism? i'd say it brought a fair amount terror.
the terror was just a byproduct.
i was trying to rally some of my peers with that tweet, directors who are financially stable enough to speak out
i'm gonna listen until i fit in that category. (note: not a creative person)
lol, ww1&amp;ww2 caused by christians! hitler was a christian! please stop digging dude! you need help
hitler was no christian, he was a maniac like mohammad.
me and my brother jim! in the house!
great pic! also your brother has a great name! glad to see you doing well bro!
i hate it
y'all got to let the good nxggas that are left be great &amp; stop arguing with us all the time lol
if you really think you will get all the facts you're nuts.. they love to mince words. they downplay
i don't think it helps anyone filling in the missing details with fearful speculation.
cnn's sally kohn: it's 'good' if conservatives feel unable to speak on campus
this dumb ass needs to be shunned
does a swift programmer have to write their own kmp?
good news is it'd work for t: sequence where t.iterator.element == equatable i suppose...
he would check my blog every half hour and look up "fat" and "obese" in the search bar, daily, even after we stopped seeing each other
i finally had enough &amp; put up a post that said "hey, adam, looking for something?" just to show him i knew - he never looked @ my blog again
i love my city &amp; everyone in it. b safe tho.
&amp; don't spread rumors unless you have facts. the effects are greater than you know.
roger that. no one throwing around the "t" word yet?
deliberate but homeland security doesn't suspect terrorism.
certainly. have to start somewhere, and thinking about hoe the recipient may interpret a message is a reasonable first step.
as for alienating others, can you expound on that?
a human being put his name on this tweet. a person of god.
westbrook baptist maybe....
yeah i was born blonde
oh my god your hair look so natural dark i just assumed you were a brunette lol
lmao fr man tired of sugarcoating every db on roster is cheeks
they could use some help g
victoria shea. she missed granderson's heroics tonight.
i have a baby girl on the way. can't wait.
oh, i hope they can get along. usually if you separate for a few days they will like each other
thank you! we'll keep that in mind. my wife is already in love with rocky. i just want the critter to be home if that's best.
omg happy bday bbygirl . i hope you are drunk right now. loveu
i'm working on it lol. thank you bb!
someone save this video down. it'll disappear soon.
you are so right! it's on the cloud baby. we got this
i think that's the best thing that could happen. conforto needs a complete change of scenery.
conforto for yelich. only the marlins would say no? lol
i love you all, and goodnight.
people don't say it enough. hope you're well brother!
you obviously don't understand why the word "terrorism" was created or what it means.
so killing people or harming them isn't terror? ok then, carry on faggot.
i can't see it it was deleted
aw. it was some guys that we used to play back in the day.
does a swift programmer have to write their own kmp?
good news is it'd work for t: sequence where t.iterator.element: equatable i suppose...
dinner is ready
how was the weird carrots?
all of these especially this one are upsetting.
but they're all so cute.
in an ideal society, the state itself would subsidize our sasquatch cinema.
more big feet, sasquatches, yetis, &amp; abominable snowmen please
give it a rest george. hillary is no better than trump. they're both awful and that's why is our only choice
no, you're wrong! hillary is nothing like trump! she believes in climate change. he doesn't. she cares!
all of these florida fans are talking about how they hope luke del rio can play next week like he threw a touchdown today or something
north texas plays in a cockroach baseball league
best pics of myself
i need that th jacket
do they know what exploded?
something in a dumpster...?!
i finally had enough &amp; put up a post that said "hey, adam, looking for something?" just to show him i knew - he never looked @ my blog again
and that's the end of sara zucker storytime
nyc mayor de blasio: no evidence of terror, but chelsea explosion believed to be 'intentional act'
must be "intentionally" trying to bomb the garbage in the dumpster but not to harm ppl b/c muslims r peaceful ppl.
tax the shit out of the rich big boys. ceo's makng $25mil need a 90% tax rate like 1960.they do not careabout mouths to feed- taxm
graduated income tax, top rate, 50%.
a human being put his name on this tweet. a person of god.
westboro baptist maybe...
obama is the biggest fraud in politics. retweet
this tweet was not found either: imagine that
is she highly medicated or what?? rt : hillary clinton, on her campaign plane, responds to explosion in nyc
she looks like she was rode hard &amp; put away wet.
i saw the most metal thing today. i guy in a wheelchair in our wall of death.
and then there's the kids crying about mosh pits
maybe it was trump's toupee that blew up.i don't know.staying inside tonight. i feel badly for the innocents hurt.
that was funny, paige. trump's tupee blowing up. that's funny.
who said i didn't... but my fave corrie's song is roses o prince charlie
should have known. makes the deep parts of my heart go pitty-patter. feels
ha it's amazing how i can tweet something so positive and the trolls still pounce. take a night off guys!
enjoy your saturday night and travel down
outsourcing to
quite honestly, i wouldn't know where to point to hotel wise.
lmaoooo that's priceless
the one had me crying
inspiring: the first thing new yorkers did after the explosion in chelsea was call loved ones to say "actually, 23rd and 6th isnt chelsea"
that whole thread is
when you order food online and it takes forever for the delivery guy to show up.
waiting for bella
i just can't believe a literal dumpster fire has now made an appearance in this election.
what other words beside "literal" do you use incorrectly? literal seems to be a favorite of yours to use ridiculously.
giants lose 3-2. they are now five games behind the dodgers. they once again blew it in the ninth.
maybe ask bochy about it
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
like eating sushi on a cold summer morning
goodnight, my dear friends, and stay safe wherever you are! xoxo
sweet dreams
quite honestly, i wouldn't know where to point to hotel wise.
the only knowledge i can impart is that if you're staying in manhattan, be ready to pay.
oh wow, i worked on trees lounge. glad to see it has a following. it deserves it.
trees lounge rules.
good christ it's a posse
hello lovely posse
i'm glad i'm not the only one hate listening to this feed
well was doing it so i'd figured i'd join in.
oh man....my very first ever walk-off win at a mets game!!!! thank you grandy!!!!
really? first ever?
but they all muslims. ain't nobody else doin it.
you need to do research then.
quitting my job as a server was the best thing i've ever done ever so 100% if it makes you miserable quit
i just don't have a back up job but i'm about to just quit anyway . can't take it anymore
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
i took a shit in the toilet
giants lose 3-2. they are now five games behind the dodgers. they once again blew it in the ninth.
how many blown saves now?
thanks ms. stewart for blessing us with your special presentations!
...ads are suggesting large power flashlights for personal use. not a bad idea since the is waking the klan up again
that piece of garbage wants to import mass terrorism. media kisses her felon ass.
lol, yeah, that is what she wants, she is always saying that .oh right she is the founder of isis.
all my friends been 18 for a while and then there's me still waitin till next month i feel like a child
you are a child
i told grandy it was past bartolo's bedtime and then that happened....what a teammate!
hahaha! what a teammate indeed!
babcock: "team that loses today usually gets better tomorrow. the team that wins today gets fatter tomorrow. live scared and get better."
"lived scared and get better" just became a timeless quote
people at festivals that film the screens are my favorite
ha!! i didn't do that just now, i swear.
i watched the first two episodes earlier and am unsure how to feel.
with this sort of show i think you have to get to the end of s1 to know
@ giants pls don't make me roll off this bed. it's high and i'll probably get hurt
brb gonna roll off this bed rn
i have no reason to identify with the black male american experience, but i'm reading ta-nehisi coates, and i'm nodding and smiling along.
between the world and me.
that could stand for sundays are for the girls....
you're smart congrats
final: fall to the cardinals, 3-2.
can you fire casilla already? jesus christ.
haha. classic! emotional obama tearfully thanks trump for granting him citizenship via
pull your head out of your ass shithead. obama did no such thing. fuckin prick
how long have you had him?
a little over 2 years. i sponsored him when he came off the track. then adopted him when it was time for him to move.
jamie parker (harry potter) in the has been taken ill with flu and is unable to perform part 2 of the play this evening. 1/3
i know how much it takes for actors to rest - feel better jamie! and what a treat for audience be the first to see both harrys!
final: fall to the cardinals, 3-2.
why does bochy continue to put casilla in?
but what about that dress she was wearing?
i actually felt bad i tweeted that as i turned ny1 back on and the reporter had a much better dress on!
just telling you what i'm seeing in my neighborhood where i've lived for 20 years. people here are not panicking.
where are you now? in your apt? a bar? a news room? on the street? perhaps a restaurant?
i think this is samardzjia's best game of the year...fastball overwhelming the cards..other than single and hr no outfield chances..strong..
totally agree. his best outing of the year.
and i don't think it helps the public to not give all the details no matter what they are.. full disclosure
what if the honest disclosure at the moment is "we don't know"?
if these boys above me continue to play basketball
basketball? inside? good thing i'm on the top floor
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
michael hayes
because as hard as we try to stop the crimes, we can't change the evil that will always make its way into the world.
yes we can. we stop one evil at a time. let alone to say we have stopped many that is why u r tweeting and not dead urself.
i went at 630. way to sync dinner plans.
oh yea we just got back. waited for over an hour. ps i love you.
again, you prefer adulterer should be put to death?
i said i condemn that. try to pay attention savage.
i could live and die here
gah such beauty. i absolutely love scenic places like this
you are gonna regret that
you're gonna regret my fist in your face
why turbulence, why?!!!!!!
turbulence is the worst, hopefully it will be over soon. listen to some good music in the meantime if you can :)
your right' it's just weird when i feel like i'm the only one who begs to differ sometimes
aye, everyone got an opinion out here. as long as you're open to at least hearing another's, stick to ur shit. beg. to. differ.
so sent us a lush cookie style blanket at work and i hereby claim it as mine
omg. i was cookie for halloween last year!! can you please show me this on wednesday??
when buffers collide!
buffception
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
like blue berries did you know that? the grapvines told me that actually
so sent us a lush cookie style blanket at work and i hereby claim it as mine
also what is that amazing lipstick?
oldest: "i'm done cleaning my room." me: *goes in room. destroys it* "now you know how it feels when i clean"
poor mega lucario was just a bystander!
again, you prefer adulterer should be put to death?
stories of those times. here is a clue, it does not have to be one or the other.
omg, he was talking about you!
i tipped him too
election is on the line... this is radioactive for hillary.
does that make you happy?
where did bronte act like she hates james?
she wont respond to anything that has to do with james and shes all about paul just weird
come on 1.8 surge pricing after explosion in ? i'm disgusted. people are trying to get home safe. shame on you
finally some welcome apolitical cynicism.
a trump supporter on attributes trump's "rudeness" to his being from nyc. broadway would run with blood if 8.4 mil. ppl were that rude.
new yorkers are nice but not necessarily polite. dt is neither.
why does bochy keep giving casilla the 9th?
fool me once, shame on you. fool me 9 times, shame on...bochy?
that was a bad one too. was there for that one
that one was a heart breaker.
september 16, 2016 chocolate // the 1975
september 17, 2016 about a girl // the academy is...
with enough data, even simple models begin to work surprisingly well
i would say with enough data simple models hardly ever not work well
this fuckin breaks my heart
where are you?
nyc krew, our after party at is still on. see you at 1:30am! everyone pls be safe
thank you guys for an epic show at the good room!! keep safe loves!! much love
are we supposed to ignore how frail she appears?
i wouldn't say frail. more tired. it's late, she's been campaigning. also, don't her daughter and grandkids live near there?
stay safe, my friend,
thank you
giants and mets now both 79-69.
yeah, but are there really any losers at 69?
this is a joke everyone calm down
but seriously......
honey? seriously? switch to decaf.
benjamin, who the f*ck is that guy and why should we care? seriously.
right! i was walking from my office in chelsea when this happened. everybody stopped for a sec. then kept on moving.
yes, until tomorrow when everyone gets upset. when more info comes out. that's natural chain of events
september 16, 2016 chocolate // the 1975
september 17, 2016 about a girl // the academy is...
this guy just said that i have a bay area voice lmao
lol what is a bay area voice?
ramdomly found a loaded gun on the ground
how do you know it's loaded? you picked it up?!
you watch that shit show meat? nice choke job
nice talking to you idiot
just booked our , we'll be in nyc from 22nd until 27th! until then: exploring dc
just missed you - i'll be there oct 3-11
ah ok well it's their money hope they enjoy
they're just talking about ensemble stars i'm laughing
wow cant believe my dad hasnt texted me to see if i'm ok yet what a dick
no lmao my stats teacher texted me
moving to a new place doesn't really hit you until you have to change your preset radio stations in your car
i got sactown stations on lock
we invite you to contact baggage services directly at 1 888 689 2247 to check for an update. /la
is there any other way to do it from my final destination airport ?
my niggas take that l and go about your business
don't talk about us taking an l when your team can't give it to us.
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
oklahoma where the wind goes sweeping down the drain
are we sure the mercury retrograde hasn't just been happening non-stop for 2 years???
probably 10 years
try googling 'pipe bomb ex wife' or 'pipe bomb school' for instance. here's one in a recycling bin in queens, 2015:
another not-believed-to-be-terrorism explosion: times square, 2008 (still unsolved)
is the best superhero movie of all time?
. it's hard for me to see christopher nolan's dark knight trilogy as separate movies. i view them as one big epic film.
i always forget how dark i can get until i come to hawaii lol i look like a completely different person
i didn't know you could get darker
somebody came thru w the brujeria tactics for your love sis
i need it cause am lonely n it's gonna be a cold winter
that means i care less about how i look when i eat
no that you're comfortable with me
so only the consumers who we first meet in a cafe matter? should we just leave convenience store ppl to their redbull?
i don't think it's an either-or situation, do you?
says the one who supports war to wipe out over a billion people! obl's/hitler's spiritual brother.
i never said that.
holy fucking shit! sick hillary supporters are batty.
couldn't deliver a great speech if some one did it in his place. he sucks pure &amp; simple.
i mean, there could be pour over coffee or small batch succulents or mommy and me yoga. limitless potential here.
mixed income housing with retail below. think big!
haha well i don't think yucca valley is technically the ie but i get your point
only under a very generous definition of ie :)
if i'm not the goat tell me who is and we'll debate
ashley benitez,
i love both of her programs! i'm hoping this is her season!!
i did too! i hope so. she has so many great qualities. what ab't emily chan? i haven't seen a video of her fs.
we have a problem with our homeless, education system, healthcare, veteran welfare, etc. i'd rather be helping fund that, not a genocide.
tweets to impress your journalist crush???
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
has a 6 foot cock that likes to suckle on
or maybe, when there's an ied used in the us. a reasonable conclusion is terrorism in these days.
a reasonable conclusion is to wait a few effing hours for the nypd to figure out when the heck is going on
hate crimes against american muslims have reached their highest levels since right after 9/11 attacks
...and again i hear the subliminal hate spewing from these days (doesn't help)...ban his speeches!
we the people are the new media, the new leadership=&gt;the corrupt regime knows it! they fear trump, they fear us!
: viva trump! build the wall. put hilarity on the other side of it. no syrians in usa
four ieds in new jersey along marine route. four
perhaps a coordinated attack?
party at 56 surrey ct!!!!!!!!
this better be a joke.
says the one who supports war to wipe out over a billion people! obl's/hitler's spiritual brother.
never said that scumbag. i condemn them both, and i also condemn ahamdis.
19 years ago. in toronto. sourav ganguly's sahara cup. in 1997, took 5 for 16 v pakistan.
toronto were great memories
this is a real problem. a president, for reasons of safety and national security, can't get ahead of the facts:
suffers from the inability of knowing when to speak &amp; when to keep quiet.
*reaches for asthma pump*
forreal though
i could probably must a top 12 horror films of the 2010s
12. the purge: election year 11. the houses october built 10. the conjuring 9. it follows 8. witch 7. grave encounters 6. the crazies
someone else said is not true he said that.
you can't verify every word he's told a reporter. you'll say anything to defend this pervert. shameful
elias: curtis granderson is the 1st mlb player with homers in consecutive extra innings since john mayberry jr. on june 4, 2013 vs. marlins.
my man john mayberry would do that,
loud blast rocks manhattan neighborhood, multiple injuries reported
...so what was it loaded with...leggos?
i assume placed there by a disgruntled mormon because of the broadway show...
or one hell of an aaron burr fan!
starting 2thinks worshipers deserve him.wait till he compromises&amp; their saftey,4his biz ties 2our enemies.s4 putin=4russia &amp;4
the sad thing is all of the rest of us will be stuck him as well.
lol wait i just looked him up on facebook and he went to school not that far from mu.
yasss that pa life lol. my boyfriend lives in pittsburgh so i've driven thru that state too many times
watched the end of this one from the stands..i'm sure an interesting show coming up..my goodness..how do you close a game..this was deja vu
may have to just go to bum on his off days.
see, you just put up the bat signal...then i realized, i'm not allowed to respond to the bat signal anymore.
yup that anchor is down
really good coffee: it's a family affair.
love that family!!!
hahah nah man yolo at this point
maybe around 1
ugh i'm so in love with you
wtf same ;/
i was sitting way upstairs opposite end zone and we all thought sims got in
if we would have won that game would have went 10-2 that year. would have felt like the natty.
don't they lampshade that joke like 2 books later when knock turn alley (it's for night people) and the floo powder come up?
i didn't get knock turn! omg just now got it.
its actually true. almost anyone else from the r primary field would have had a cake walk.
whichever one wins, i'm praying for quick impeachment.
12. the purge: election year 11. the houses october built 10. the conjuring 9. it follows 8. witch 7. grave encounters 6. the crazies
5. banshee chapter 4. starry eyes 3. v/h/s-2 2. the invitation 1. the nightmare
it still pisses me off. they were waiting w/their tails wagging 2c who was going get close 2 winning.
i know ... obviously playing the game ... not courageous... but i'll take the support ...
burlington coat factory is very cruisy.
it is more than great coats!
she said she is going to privately apologize to james at the final
well thats good all the stuff paul said about her just wondered why she never respond about him
same thing happened here! maybe a producer told her to change.
ha! good i'm not crazy. but i'm still gonna refrain from fashion tweets...
i love on hillhurst. that said, puran's down the street has better food (sorry!) and is never crowded. hope they never close.
for years i thought i was literally the only person who knew about puran's. i can't believe they're still around.
listen to edison's medicine by tesla
great song my brother our medicine
let the casilla pile on begin. my son just said "dad when will they get rid of casilla?"
your son knows more about the giants than you, but no surprise there. when do you retire?
hour one of the ends w/ a shame-o-matic infomercial by &amp; only 23 hours to go!
are you going to try to make it through all 24 hours?
sorry to hear that! for billing issues please follow the steps in the this link:
ok. i will wait 24 hours and see if anything changes.
got super fired up in the chat, hope i wasn't too salty for the show
you couldn't get salty enough to make my blood pressure twitch, dude.
she didn't fail. you are either (1) lazy, or (2) too old to figure out twitter.
lol. she did fail to provide the city/ state. just a common courtesy if reporting news
harambe was important!!
that he was
don't know who's better, urban meyer the coach or urban meyer the recruiter. ohio state has nfl dudes everywhere and they are well coached
how would you answer that one for saban? also too close to call?
omg eliminates ponzaman!
she was so solid and clutch!
manhattan is expensive.
if there was shrapnel in it, it's free!
sick hillary can barely stand. this would be sad if not a national security risk.
is she falling asleep??!! nyers do not like that!
my problem is i like everything in life fast because i'm so impatient i don't like waiting for nothing and that's were i fuck up!
so do i like everything in life fast maybe i move to fast for you though sometimes you cant rush everything
ugh, new york though.... sending my love to hometown. bombs are stupid.
quite the understatement
where are you?
wandering in downtown! where you at?
maybe bochy should just put casilla on top of his refrigerator. that's what i do when i want to stop binging on my kids' halloween candy.
peter, you should have just gone to the movies. they're generally less tragic.
let's coffee or somethinh
definitely! how long are you going to be in new york?
try it my friend. my coworker showed me her avatar and it came out very well, better than mine.
i have a peanuts one of myself i use on my professional twitter. i try to keep a low profile on this one. hehe
no, u read the same qura'an as them. we read the 1 of mercy &amp; peace. ahmadiyya history is proof.
lashings, forced dominance, and crucifixions are not acts of peace or mercy.
i just had to retweet this one. "islams" are attacking.
this kind of rhetoric is what divides the country. folks act off the worst fears instead of the best prayers.
with pipe bombs found in nj, it's not an unreasonable jump at all
it's unreasonable because it's a jump.
look at the full moon and get ratchet tonight fam.
can't wait to see you dude !!!!!!!!!
hi can ktla 5 in los angeles use your photos and video from new york? we will credit you.
yep that's okay. all material is mine. i work for vice news.
the city is lit, in a bad way, tonight.
all i hear are sirens.
share this!!! came to ohio state university today and humiliates her! won't see this on tv!
! u showed that stuck up hillary supporter witch &amp; put her in her place . i'd love to buy u a beer
praying for everyone who has been injured
it's high key scary i was in that area at 7pm tonight getting groceries :/ 2nd threat is right next to my school
yeah, scientists and health professionals have been saying not to use this stuff for a while. leading to resistant bacteria.
first sugar now this
smart woman. i love sitting on window seat for this reason - you can get some amazing aerial pix you can't get any other way
thank u yes - the best views
definitely! how long are you going to be in new york?
till december or so
two ways to resolve that. 1. false aggregation; different people. 2. people want clues they can solve, not answers.
and also 3. the real issue with "spoilers" is the people who actively seek to interfere with other people's experience.
me too, for me, man without hair is incomplete. furry ass and armpits make me absolutely crazy...
totally agree! am not the hairiest guy in the world but i keep my hair! :-p
welp the giants blew another one, magic # 10 &amp; a full 5 games behind. don't stop believin.
top pitchers in la 4 back 3 in la take leave down two all good
we're fine. just waiting this out.
was there a 2nd explosion in 8th avenue?
disappointed that there have been no emails or emergency alerts from in wake of explosion.
yeah wait what the fuck, nyu?
what a fucking idiot!
to make this political so soon agter the event is fear mongering
no, u read the same qura'an as them. we read the 1 of mercy &amp; peace. ahmadiyya history is proof.
you mean like when they helped create pakistan and fought against indian gov't?
she has held several jobs in politics her opponent has done what? say "your fired"
and achieved what? look at haiti, syria, libya, trade, inner city decays, name one great thing she has achieved?
maachan's that wild that when fans joke about this kind of stuff u don't know if its real or not
exactly omg (deleted the original post bc i'm conflicted over whether i'm comfy w the situation or not lol)
she looks like hell
when did she look good. no wonder bill cheats.
courtney is her sister's fianc.
ok lol i couldnt make out the audio but she was wondering if they would have time to make it to the wedding
that's fair, but also lives there.
on so missed the / shiite that just happened
it's power time
it is! lol is that a "you should be here"
cnn drinking game: every time someone says "we don't want to speculate" the proceeds to wildly speculate for 15 mins take a shot
there are several otherwise good journos speculating and developing theories and it's damaging their credibility
austin and i just had the most heated drunken argument on disagreeing on how we agree.
austin: when the train gets derailed, i ask, "where does it take me?"
welp the giants blew another one, magic # 10 &amp; a full 5 games behind. don't stop believin.
still wc team silly.
i haven't been able to find hers or karen chen's. i'll tweet you if i find one.
i read just the play-by-plays. i thought someone might've posted her fs or karen's on youtube by now. thank you!!
no, u read the same qura'an as them. we read the 1 of mercy &amp; peace. ahmadiyya history is proof.
idiot. i will not support any sect of islam. got it now?
shout outs to the plug. rt : sake and sapporo always gets the job done.
no problem bro stop by any time
my problem is i like everything in life fast because i'm so impatient i don't like waiting for nothing and that's were i fuck up!
maybe i move to fast for everybody i think thats what scares chicks away im to real i dont waste no times when it comes to
sweet! looks like this guy for the actuator:
wow, thanks!
the beast was awakened for commentary. how much valium did that take?
she is actually half asleep if u watch the one minute clip.
shane buechele just threw his 7th td pass of season, breaking bobby layne's texas record for true freshmen
it was a freaking dime, too.
dude! this movie!! it's so good i can't handle it
seriously! i'm so glad i finally saw it . such an amazing movie
in america, we are now experiencing what israel has been experiencing 24/7 for the past hundreds of years!
what! false comparison!
boy, look at all of these brave police rushing to the scene of a terror attack. so let's protest them at nfl games tomorrow.
protest is against police brutality! know the difference!
we'll try not to declare a thumb war with you.
my body had a sudden burst of energy when the doorbell rang! fastest i've moved today.
how do people only follow like 200 people? i feel bad if i don't follow someone back
you still haven't followed me :(
i shy for an interview. people say to practice but my nerves kick in. how would u do it?
practice is good. visualize someone you are comfortable talking with when making eye contact. just be yourself!
of course. she's pure evil.
wow. happy that 25 people were hurt in an explosion because you don't like a politician.
libertarianism is astrology for men.
": libertarianism is astrology for men." thx
i want to get online to hang out with you guys, but please know i'm going through some... very difficult things right now. i may be-
hope everything is alright
the post's story on the explosion, which is the good one.
it's worth noting that everyone is pretty chill about this.
it's high key scary i was in that area at 7pm tonight getting groceries :/ 2nd threat is right next to my school
i was literally about to hop on a train to li but the thought of going to penn station made me anxious lol. i'll just hibernate in my room
by the way, race has been his platform. i don't know what you have to lose but i have a lot to lose.
cos u are already a loser. he wins, inner cities under the democratic plantation will be restored. get that!!!!
i literally couldn't breathe from laughing at this lol smh
oh no put your arms over your head and sit up
it's unreasonable because it's a jump.
whatever happened to "wait till the investigation in complete"? that's the party line in most cases.
what if i bought an apartment in bushwick?
im living in it
just outta curiosity why ? i've heard people say it's homosexual insult but it means a bitch. atleast in the guatemala.
. it is, but in some places it doesn't mean that. so i'm not policing someone else's language, but can we just leave it out?
we are by the chess set
ok wait that msg just went thru and now we're with the live band. we will find each other.
i'm so thankful for holy shit
i would be dead w out you baby
sad to miss the festivities! however, i'm glad what i'm doing instead will be fun :)
oh i wouldnt trade peru for a wrap party but maybe they will come up and visit you
no thanks i'd rather give her nothing
put one of these bitches around her finger
it's the worst
it's like a solid two days though then it will feel better
notice of voluntary dismissal -trumps rape case!!!
this is bullshit!!
check-in time. all of you are not currently in chelsea nghbrhd?
we were actually dinnering in lower manhattan, but home safe now.
final: fall to the cardinals, 3-2.
just sign me if u guys needed someone to blow saves. ill come at a way cheaper price
gonna hang out on chaturbate while i install my new fansigns! come say hello!
have a fun evening
what round is it?
...1st round lol
if you're going to copy something, just be sure to switch it up at least. don't do it for me, do it for the culture.
* shots * ! lol
honestly, who better than my bff, lmk cause idk if there's better out there
don't ever say i don't show you off
off to join in supporting our gurl in taylor mac's 24-decade history of popular music ...
yay so glad you're home!so nice to have you and here tonight
care to know which cnn anchor that was, so i can directly tell them how incredibly wrong that person is
i think it's pretty obvious who it was.
austin: when the train gets derailed, i ask, "where does it take me?"
laura: when the train gets derailed, i ask, "how do i deal with it?"
stay safe this week bby please don't hang around outside
yes thanks for checking in boo i appreciate it
wandering in downtown! where you at?
i was down near 14th &amp; 8th but now i'm home; 178th and st nick
omg! i was totally kidding about the whole review!! i can't believe that there's a real underground park! that's cool!!!
ha ha! i didn't get the satire at first. but yes, nyc urban revitalization is pretty sweet!
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
has a small dick
anyone willing to say this isn't radical islam?
if you only have a hammer ... all you see is nails.
are you stupid?
i'm asking if u wanna play tomorrow?
i'm wearing my volleyball uniform tomorrow and i'm going to do this dance i expect thousands of retweets &amp; likes
of mine doesn't blow up it'll show white privilege at its finest
"...consistent with her explanation of what happened in her home." consistent with just that apparently
her explanation isn't as relevant as actual evidence of criminal wrongdoing.
ios 10 has confetti when you say congrats lmao
on that note, everyone congratulate as he embarks on his new journey as a father
this getting too overwhelming for you?
nope. just exposing you for the liar you are.
they're working to create the panic
there is no panic! people going about their business.
she practically hates paul now
well that a relief she really liked paul didnt like how he talked about her
ok idk you but ur so perfect honestly wth
thank you
not a big fan of this design. gohan's shirt doesn't go well with the rest of buu's outfit like gotenks' vest did.
no way this design was amazing. perfect even. i loved it therefore your opinion is wrong.
i miss seeing you too.. traffic&amp; surrounding schools got me fucked up having to leave the house at 7:30 to make my 8:30 class
hell yea i actually been leaving later than i usually do and manage to make it on time. i stopped parking in the lot u park at
so honored for this &amp; to work w/ incredible ppl like stephan katz &amp; all the vets.
huge congrats. very much deserved.
final: fall to the cardinals, 3-2.
yes mr. bochi, we accept your resignation....
tom herman to usc makes a lottttttttt of sense...
for usc not herman
you know where there's a gay enclave? in my pants.
this is the best tweet of the day.
do be silly. no one do that. lmao. looking for some of the wall ideas. sorry m8 this is fake.
it sure might be fake but i know plenty of people with ipads in their kitchen that do leave them on.
we need to know which of our guys was mimicking browne's play calls :-)
i think browne said it was watkins. switched counts at halftime because of it
i'm not happy about any of this.. hillary is just a moron.
i know you're not because you're a decent person, but admitted "of course". that's pretty bad.
leaked video of the initial explosion in
thanks for the web, hope we get the bastards!
is everyone safe??
yeah in the dorm
happy saturday gz, c &amp; all :)
hi dawn how are you sorry for late response
my problem is i like everything in life fast because i'm so impatient i don't like waiting for nothing and that's were i fuck up!
like im a musical artist im a indie i aint even sign to anyone but yet im on the radio with major artist while everybody
yes, major construction on the building there for months. scaffolding over sidewalk etc.
photo is of a small dumpster, typical for construction sites. bic # is license number for a carting company in nj.
shh shh just gimme da cock
sammy is a bed wetter
clinton, on trump saying it was a bomb in nyc: "i think it's always wiser to wait until you have information before making conclusions"
after she opened by referring to the explosion in nyc as a bombing she was asked about trump calling it a bomb.
i was down near 14th &amp; 8th but now i'm home; 178th and st nick
next match find me, man! i won't diss clinton for you!!! ;-)
fuck me and jackie are getting hella emo scene rn
you say rn like we aren't always emo
black guy wins this fight
your a natural dj.
he just meant not "islamic terrorists", they must know it's a white guy that did it.
excuse me, but good democrats do not even acknowledge the existence of islamic terrorists. they are misguided religious zealots
i'm really hoping this team is just gonna win the world series and give everyone a big fuck you
not likely with these fools
they made a mistake omg yes im still in!!
what?' no fuckin way!
poll: who do you trust to do a better job on the economy?
this a no brainer
america at this point will be disappointed if this is not an isis attack, is not organized terrorism.
is this more or less cynical than believing that there are simply unhinged people with the capability to explode a dumpster?
do be silly. no one do that. lmao. looking for some of the wall ideas. sorry m8 this is fake.
i used to have a home lock that was controlled by an amazon echo that behaved exactly like this (yell from the steeet to unlock)
actually the status quo as of late is hide the details and pretend that everything is rainbow waterfalls and unicorns
that's not my perspective, as of late.
if it wasn't for facebook i wouldn't know none of yall birthdays!
finally you speak some real shit boyyy
so i started adding. stuff to your book. do i need help.
more hearts
u should've slapped that bitch
or slammed the door on her ass!
tag us in a fave photo and we will rt as many as poss so that in september.
love the picture
alive and fine (@ chelsea in new york, ny w/ )
glad you are ok
they made a mistake omg yes im still in!!
wow tgs be fucking in the entire tournament lol. glad you're still in. sucks for bonchan though :/
update: police may have found a possible suspect for explosion:
but it doesn't say anything about that in your article?
2/ one criticized him as unfit to serve. the other recounted something he has said to her. essentially same reaction from candidate.
i wish the media, newspapers, journalist would stop giving trump free air time, low bar, grades on a curve, &amp; passes
sos i need a puppy in my life
why do you need a dog when you could have guinea pig ass
ohhh nooo, now we got to feel guilty for trying to put some truth and logic! don't cry, read. :)
you refuse to believe facts, stop defending him it's gross.
so you're fighting to wipe out christians too?
i am not fighting to wipe out anyone.
i thought the same thing the woman is obviously very sick no stamina can barley speak!
someone needs to check her expiration date. i think she is about done.
not at all, which is why i think rtd and cold brew are great additions to the tools we have to convert consumers
looking forward to seeing evidence of that happening.
the black church has sold out to the democrat party &amp; abandoned jesus now worship obama, oprah &amp; hillary
my brother.
do be silly. no one do that. lmao. looking for some of the wall ideas. sorry m8 this is fake.
but we knew that was a dumb security risk. we didn't care/almost always had a roommate home anyway.
...guise of using the toll revenue to prop up nyct. but by taking moses' control of the toll $, it rendered him powerless.
int'g thx! is all this in tpb? (i've got last 120pp to go) .. even then, seems like all this deserves a book of its own
back to safety yet many aren't. sirens are still rushing past every few minutes or so.
yes there are way more sirens now and there were an hour ago!
it's sooo good
ever eaten thai food
i feel you tho. i don't think it's really necessary. i feel we could do better
ain't that life, tho?
i'm not sure when exactly the wedding is, but i'm pretty sure her sister wouldn't let her miss it
she definitely wouldnt
he's kind not-a-good-fit on the radio.
too hard for the fuckin' radio
yep. deleted it!
yeah but now i want some burger king chicken fries. thanks greg!
i am not fighting to wipe out anyone.
lowlife smear tactics only show you for who are you.
hillary looks like she just wants to go home and cough privately
it's a rather slow and ponderous response. something not quite right there!
it takes a lot of work
i know it does
wish i was off tomorrow cause imma need some liquor the way our secondary gonna look
i'll drink enough for both of us.
her explanation isn't as relevant as actual evidence of criminal wrongdoing.
erica kinsman's explanation of her encounter with jameis winston, became irrelevant when no evidence of a crime was found.
many people are calling to congratulate me on the explosion. i don't want congrats, but remember - i called it before anyone!
. is demented - who reports something as sick as "congratulation calls" re an explosion and injury to citizens? a sick puppy
memory title: streets of rage 2 publisher: sega platform: genesis/mega drive year: 1992
so why cant they create a new street of rage.
or casilla has incriminating photos of him. inexplicable.
team does not deserve to even be in the mix for the playoffs right now. dumb luck that still are at this point...
uggggghhhhhh. i'm sorry. cops are busy out there tonight. hang in there
we are. being towed by a harbor patrol boat. meh.
why do you need a dog when you could have guinea pig ass
something is wrong with you
btw gas lines were rules out pretty quickly. things don't just explode.
the mayor said "intentional." that still leaves a whole lot of options.
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
sam and cat
you okay? (chelsea bombing)
yes! thank you for thinking of me.
giants tickets for $3, ummm yes please
were you here tonight?
yeah, shane buechele is ok. that td throw was an absolute dime.
reaaaaally not looking forward to going to the baylor/texas game now
first thing i did with my birthday laptop! everyone should see , learn 's side of his story
funny u would say that: i told hubby after watching 20/20 they can c everything that we should put tape over the camera
my problem is i like everything in life fast because i'm so impatient i don't like waiting for nothing and that's were i fuck up!
is still tryna get signed or heard by well known artist im on the radio with beyonce 2chains ariana grande i move very fast
will tomorrow at 12:01am ever happen? this was up yesterday and nothing has changed since 12:01.
"tomorrow after 12:01 a.m." never happened.
the definition of "triggered" is not "clowning a faggot" btw shouldn't u be playing midnight basketball?
hehehe r u triggred hehee
to the fullest extent
i sweat sprint trash only in certain places, once i moved to ny my service flawless
mason i know your deplorable but the point is you don't speak until the investigation unfolds
hillary's opening sentence called it a bombing. will trump be asked about hillary saying it was a bombing?
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
sam picks his ass and eats it
. and by "personal responsibility" i mean "legally incorrect &amp; societally detrimental, rapist-y viewpoint"
and we could deem yours as a slutty-viewpoint.
honestly, who better than my bff, lmk cause idk if there's better out there
you up there too jenkins only fair to show you off too
hard fought point on the road. huge thanks to the fans that traveled. we could hear you loud and clear on the field.
great job! can't wait to see you all back home!
or 23rd as lined with restaurants.
nah 23rd is boring and chain stores
there could be a crypto-hominid cinematic universe. very neglected market
i'm honestly shocked more studios haven't tried for a horror-verse, seems an easy sell
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
sam eats with a fork
trump declares 'bomb' went off in nyc before anybody knew
well it doesn't take a genius to figure that out. the media is just stupid.
christian mccaffrey is gonna exploit usc's defense od. -- 217 all purpose yards and 2 touchdowns.
what did i say baby. i was like 40 yards away.
yes. no scheme to get people the ball. davis needs to be used in the slot.
saw each in for a single play early. after that ... ???
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
sam wants to be a fireman
that would be awesome i can't wait to meet james and see natalie! i miss her!
well you and james are both from texas so that was one of her ideas thats how i figured out who you were
become president in 2016! her record is not on being the president. my concern is who can do what for america
she has a lost for power, greed &amp; money. collin powell said it right, obama said so. she cannot change anything
. and by "personal responsibility" i mean "legally incorrect &amp; societally detrimental, rapist-y viewpoint"
a drunk woman takes personal responsibility by refraining from going to the abortion-clinic when she wakes up pregnant.
here's what some of america's most powerful women think about hillary clinton.
love hillary
lol literally the biggest no life ever, continue wasting ur time tweeting me ill put my phone down and finish narcos
sam has taken 5 craps today
anyone else care to explain who physically stronger outta captain america and spider man?
spider-man is. cap is the peak of human performance (bout 1,200 pounds) while spider man has super strength and can lift 20 tons
ik it's completely outside the realm of what i usually make buuut would anyone watch a lush favorites video from me?
i would watch u talk about dirt tbh just make a video
my problem is i like everything in life fast because i'm so impatient i don't like waiting for nothing and that's were i fuck up!
it feels good to hear my music o the radio with everyone else im just good at what i know how to do im the best indie artist
hermione as harry is always my fave in this scene. already dressed, deep in thought, ready to face whatever comes
that's hermoine to a tee (and played wonderfully by radcliffe).
do you advocate the same personal responsibility for men, or do you just hate women?
men can't get pregnant, so it's not the same thing at all.
mayor de blasio, aka sherlock holmes. it feels so unsafe with this man as mayor.
yeah, we all don't have around the clock police protection like he does
the entire time at movein you want your parents to leave so you can socialize and be free but once they walk out that door it hits real hard
i'll see u tomorrow. miss you already
next match find me, man! i won't diss clinton for you!!! ;-)
that would be cool but i have to go to school friday night. we'll have a beer during nycfc's home playoff game
the last dude i dated just dropped a bombshell on me today on some fetish so mannn i've been just like whatever everyone is crazy
slide into my dm's and do tell. ;) hahaha
i'm pretty sure he lost to bonchan
apparently he wasn't supposed to play against bob so he's still in.
hello,kathy. thanks for the rt.
hi david, my pleasure. hope you're having a wonderful autumn weekend. we don't have fall here...i miss that! cheers!
you should look at pics of its main predator, the pine marten: i die
i have to say if i were a pine marten, pikas would look so delicious.
who said i disagree?
i assumed that you unfollowed because you disagreed with his retweets. if that's not the case i'm sorry!
is he a big black dude with a huge.. uhh, yaknow?
nah fam it's small af but i think it still works?....
what happened
they lose sutton... we gain callaway
a little research to back up my thoughts on
as an engineer in this space some of the 'technical' statements in that are very inaccurate.
now the whole world knows so don't you forget it homie
i guess you can say she beats it up
those are your words.
you said "this [the explosion] is radioactive for hrc", then said "of course" when asked if that made u happy.
my problem is i like everything in life fast because i'm so impatient i don't like waiting for nothing and that's were i fuck up!
i dont wait on nobody but the lord and money lol
bringing ireland to italy.
where in italy?
amazing defensive standoff here in berkeley.
cal would fit right in the big 12
inmates get a 'second chance' at federal grants for higher ed under experimental program via
...1000x r t
an early look at tomorrow's front page... chelsea blast: dumpster explosion wounds 25
work place accident
&amp; i already told you. nobody is asking you to!
bs. right, because you speak for the ummah. rofl!
did you not see where it says "likely"? anyway, you were proven wrong &amp; it's not over. more leaks to come.
blocked @/paul_schale a lib troll either paid by soros or a misguided soul can't accept the truth
taking a knee is a sign of respect
yeah, i remember all the lib cretins talking about tim tebow's "respect" at games. you stand for our anthem!
well, first you went for juvenile name-calling and personal insults, right? so, about my question, are you answering it?
really, jo, if you need attention this badly go work a soup kitchen or something.do people make you feel bad a lot?
trying to do a best horror films of the 2000s now
spoilers, it's a list heavy on the zombies
step up and let hillary know you've got her back. add your name now if she can count on you in november!
always president
i would think muslim "inspired " is a really good possibility in a non racist , reality kind of way. sorry :/ i'm a realest
i understand where you are coming from. but it's easy to put the spotlight on muslims only...
the worker at pressed juice just threw away an entire freeze because it wasn't centered
wtf she just did it again...... what a waste
easier said than done when tickets are sold out over a year in advance ...
resellers, my dear oliver...
tfg i'm not in chelsea rn
yo do uk how long i was stuck in chelseas
my mom switched her suju bias from siwon to heechul i've never been more proud in my life
heechul is everything.
happy birthday john get dumb lit &amp; stay safe!!!!
thank u so much!!!
do you advocate the same personal responsibility for men, or do you just hate women?
if a man impregnates a drunk woman, he has to provide financial support for the baby. that's the law.
that would be cool but i have to go to school friday night. we'll have a beer during nycfc's home playoff game
and several when we're in the cup final!!
perhaps he had someone plant it
don't spread panic, we nyers got this...we've had to deal with more and aren't even batting eye here!
whoa!!!!!! so cool!!
!!! thank u realizes too late this...probably should not have been posted bc it looks like a dead animal rip dkgnmdkg
it's a really loud squeak-eep of predator warning. so loud.
such a big gutsy sweep for such a small little guy.
i would think muslim "inspired " is a really good possibility in a non racist , reality kind of way. sorry :/ i'm a realest
[cont]definition of terrorism is the use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims. makes you think...
i own tickets for tomorrow's newest nightmare. i won't be there. my dollars are better spent elsewhere.
they already got your money. all the same to them. at least i'll get my playoff money back october 2nd.
i'm going to brooklyn for the first time this week. where should i get tacos?
we know a place for good breakfast tacos... 100 henry street in brooklyn ;)
it's a disgrace. he needs to be removed last week
last month.
that's literally never stoppped trump before.
what is the purpose of "literally" in your sentence? why not just say: "that's never stopped trump before"?
home wiring project an apparent success today!
what's the worst that can
hopefully he plays well all year and they can trade him when teddy is healthy. that's a bummer about dinner
it better be a really good dinner. i have so i'll watch it monday afternoon.
my money is on the 32-year-old.
32 year old and black or is it too risky?
thank you to everyone who reached out to me, i am okay and am many blocks from the incident! you guys are so amazing for caring
except for because everyone is more concerned
i need to do that!
i get the idea that i am about to get inundated with the fall tv calendar lol, so i had to prepare
any good netflix movies??
black fish!!!!
my family is having a "1/2 to st patrick's day" party staten island is a hellscape
i love learning about your culture
my new bathroom is so lit
literally have the same bathroom
reported screaming allah akbar while killing people. however, mass shootings are terrorist actions.
sure. but a bomb in a dumpster on 23rd st is hardly the same as an orlando club shooting. also, sometimes people be crazy.
there's classifications for crimes. you should look up the difference.
so what would attempting to blow people up be classified as? misdemeanor assault? battery?
if a man impregnates a drunk woman, he has to provide financial support for the baby. that's the law.
possibly he may have to take partial custody if the baby's mother so chooses.
full rainbow out my kitchen window. it knows arrived today
glad you received it cheryl
this was my jam
this was hella my jam too
i'm having a hard time even gleaning some basic facts on the ongoing situation. prayers for everyone's safety.
explosion in dumpster. 29 injured, 1 in critical condition. de blasio said it was intentional, but not sure about terrorism.
every time a christian is beheaded, it's a muslim. once trump becomes president, the good muslims will rise up.
abu guraib. look it up. it was americans that did it.
but potus decides what he is to call it, right?
all part of our non offensive foreign policy ;)
you said "this [the explosion] is radioactive for hrc", then said "of course" when asked if that made u happy.
that's some pretty twisted thinking, man. you need to check your angry side and get some perspective.
i agree!!! - bet he paid her off...!!!
,,or worse?!
happy birthday
thankyou!!
and several when we're in the cup final!!
i hope so!!!
9 for casilla, 28 for the team
i don't want to see casilla in the 9th for a while. he needs more than 1 inning to build confidence.
pics or it didn't happen
this just ain't right
always nice to get called a hack by someone who goes by "coulter's meth dealer"
the group chat is praying for u during this time
try to abstract from guns/pitbulls and try to think in abstract terms, conceptually. have you ever tried that?
you ask literal, direct questions but want people to think in the abstract. you got a word of the day calendar,huh?
have you tried any wines made in clay amphoras?
no, i have not but i would love to.
good god. looks like they're shooting her up with horse tranquilizers.
i heard hillarys vp just converted to islam: maybe the plan is 2 put her n then do away with her: so he goes n
hillary pundit just said on fox that trump supporters are "mentally deficient". no pushback by anchor. wow.
that's our fox news!
hillary supporters are rebuking me for tweeting what's happening in because they know it hurts their weak ass candidate.
'm with u dude/vote for d. trump! let's maga!!!
maybe around 1
wordd same time im touching the town
well you and james are both from texas so that was one of her ideas thats how i figured out who you were
she says your name alot krista tiffany and lauren. was lauren a cheerleader too
there's classifications for crimes. you should look up the difference.
come on tell me. you're the expert. maybe if it had killed some fags or jews, you'd be singing a different tune.
. and by "personal responsibility" i mean "legally incorrect &amp; societally detrimental, rapist-y viewpoint"
legally, if a drunk woman spreads her legs, she is 100% responsible for the results of her promiscuous behavior.
i have to try this now to figure out what exactly is so objectionable about it
seems like an awful flavor combo. but who knows? interested to hear the results.
new york officials say 25 people injured after explosion in chelsea - the washington post
glad there are no life threatening injuries.
share this!!! came to ohio state university today and humiliates her! won't see this on tv!
that was awesome!! she ran away! lol
death of a nation political correctness 2 explosive devices placed in "intentionally" but it's not "confirmed" it is "terrorism"
left will stop at nothing to change the tide before the election! this is madness! this is false flag terrorism propaganda! enough!
what r u doin up here?! san fran i think you'll love if u never been. the more north you go the less city like it gets.
came to visit my niece for her bday she moved out here with her mom and this would be my second time out here, but i was 8. lol
that's what tge polls say. my ? with the polls is i have never been polled in almost 40 years. whos being polled?
are u a super predator? guess u are not, she has no care for u, all she cared about is ur vote, after that, bye bye
exactly how i feel about andy lmaooooo
bruhh right?i always get like "you cute and all, but uhhhh... i'm tryna spread my ass out" ahah
lol im sure the guy who replies to every single one of a beat reporters tweets has a girlfriend
tommy baldwin racing
pay it forward. god with the assist.
all praise to the most high...
extreme goofy movie?
we have a winner
thank you i'm pretty sure i will
well your seeing him today :)
coworkers don't realize idgaf bout doing you a favor, im only in it for the
you don't give until they start throwing they pussy at you
the guy or the movie?
movie is the only one i can speak to at the moment
lol im sure the guy who replies to every single one of a beat reporters tweets has a girlfriend
taco bell shits
devotion knows no bounds when it comes to bees and their leader.
are they so loyal to their boss, as i am thinking terminex
just made about a dozen bean and cheese tacos. it's the thing i miss most about austin. breakfast tacos
we know a place that might be able to help with that craving...
i've never been to a pawn shop before. do they sell books there like a used book store?
i think some but a lot of the pawns around my area are items that were sold for a quick buck.
lol im sure the guy who replies to every single one of a beat reporters tweets has a girlfriend
subway eat fresh
a bombing needs to be called a terror attack. every. time.
nah, very blatantly parading our preferential treatment of white criminals is part of being a real journalist
reported screaming allah akbar while killing people. however, mass shootings are terrorist actions.
having been at this *exactly* location 2 weeks ago (ok, other side of st) if i were a terrorist, i'd pick somewhere else
missing my point. some lunatic killing just to kill isn't terrorism.
so timothy mcveigh wasn't a terrorist?
i understand there are delays, but will an f or m arrive at herald square soon? we've been waiting awhile and getting anxious
downtown f/m
media's having a snit because trump called them bombs. media's pretending we all don't know what this is all about.
they keep talking about trump because if they stop the focus goes to which dooms her.
if life were a box of chocolates i would trade it in for a bag of cherry licorice
ahh you licorice are my necco's thin candy rolls
you're so wrong. they don't have the $100+ i spend on concessions.
they will if you sell your tickets!
if you can suss out this story in 4 stills why did marvel need a narrator to talk over the score?
because in theory its coming from a display?
not busy boo. just living in mex and its hard to see y'all :(
awwwww i miss uuuuu!!!! that sucks, but i understand
lol im sure the guy who replies to every single one of a beat reporters tweets has a girlfriend
jim cornette's hairy nipples
$5 for 10 tortillas? are they that good?
truly good tortillas are hard to find, man!
abu guraib. look it up. it was americans that did it.
check out the photos and tell me that's not terrorism
a little research to back up my thoughts on
bosch/conti are years behind eyeq tech; if they can make 2 lens/imagers cost less than one and perform better i'll eat my shoes
| if she actually said such negative personal comments she is creating voters for trump. why does she do that?
she said it, b/c it's true. he does have a mean &amp; ugly soul. he cares for no one but himself.
yeah ok. anytime an attack is done on groups and not individuals it can reasonably be called terrorism. unless targeted 1/2
maybe he (yes, i assuming it's a guy) hates blind people.
i'm just trying to be the cutest person in this burger king
there must be some tough competition
we assume giants history for nl west title. probably will be wild card -- not what they had in mind.
put this game on the manager, lowell. his insistence on using casilla in meaningful/pressure situations is beyond stupid.
this is a political metaphor.
nope. just a real thing that happened in my life.
please say you are ok! at least 25 injured in explosion in manhattan.
i'm fine obe, thank you. the explosion occurred downtown manhattan.
urban is going for it since he is the king savage
end their season now!
nice 2 be famous huh rt : when they charge you $4 instead of $40 for henny
i wish ... cuz then it be free
don't worry about. i'll buy him a dragon dildo and he can wear it and give muh wife a good time.
sounds good huh sammy? sammy has had a rough day today, but i am cheering him up!
trying to find facts about and having to wade thru tweets complaining about obama. save your political grievances for later, idiots
rt trump &amp; gop won't detract us from the con artist bigot narcissist unrepentant
what a wonderful day of racing! the pizza man! tepin! just fabulous.
as discussed on on thursday n
palo alto weekly attempts to murder yet another infant housing project in its crib:
though i like 's suggestion of affordable housing over city parking
ny 1 just had the most awkward exchange ever
witness says that she worked for the channel for a long time and the host seemed like she didn't know her
yea, i keep looking for them, but nothing yet.
no worries! i'm sure they'll be up by the morning. :-)
take care and get back to your hotel.
yeah yeah all good but a bit scary.
the number of literal children with better seats than me made me mad at first but now i'm really heartened
how many of the liberal kids were mixed race
so if the explosion was intentional, how is that not terrorism?
what where the "political aims?"
i dont either, but i do know if they are being an ass but dropping rces, take the opp to show them how to disclose 1/2
this researcher seems to act in bad faith, so being nice would likely not work (tho nor will dismissing).
lmfao he's such a sweetheart
he really is a sweetheart and a adorable one too
i've never been to a pawn shop before. do they sell books there like a used book store?
like a lot of shops though: guitars, radios and stereos, tv's, anything that anyone sold to get paid.
new york explosion "intentional act," but doesn't appear to be connected to terrorism, authorities said
if it's intentional, it's terrorism. muslim or not.
many people are calling to congratulate me on the explosion. i don't want congrats, but remember - i called it before anyone!
. my future pres-amazing powers-a psychic when it comes to predicting explosions-remember-its all about him-he calls it 1st
do we have a traitor in our midst? jumping ship to universe?
he's not the only one...a few cats are pulling double duty at marvel and d.c.
a lot hasn't been likely with the giants over the past decade
the past has nothing to do with the present, alas
lmfaooooo lemme tell y'all a funny story
my old jawn or whadevasss talks to this boy.... but he not jacking that they go out, right?
alright bro. i'm just worried even more since you are in nyc. i guess they may have found a pressure cooker bomb on 27th
we're fine in our hotel bro on the 35th floor
if you vote against hillary, you also reject all that has done. not to mention the grave danger of trump.
hillary clinton is for me &amp; my family
you don't speak for me
not only is he a straight supremacist but he's also a weeb
awwww i miss you too
lol check this tho. timeless house jam
has only been "off the grid" for like 4 hours and i'm already lost bc i don't know who to tell my stuff to
she's still holding on
a list of 21 false statements made by trump *in the last 24 hours*
even by trump's standards a gobsmackingly dick move to rush to politicize chelsea nyc explosion
i like wallet cases for phones but idk if i wanna buy another one because theyre kinda hard to take pics with esp at con
i like mine for the day to day; i switch it out for a different case at conventions if it's inconvenient.
some of us get a jolt of energy awakening to news. others, well perhaps they shouldn't be a 1st responder
she'll have 3 more hours of sleep under her belt for that 3 am call she bragged about being qualified to handle
you're aware that you're very likely the only person in the world who refuses to make multi-issue tweets? bit nuts, no?
is it weird that you, abstractly, live in your mom's basement or are you cool with the protection? easier to troll?
military actions are involved. so the options are either terror or an invasion. pick your poison. i'm sure it's terror.
glad you're sure. on the off-chance you're wrong, would that through your whole world view into doubt?
worse: because it was cut to it, the emotional beats of hulk using peter gabriel's music felt right. the actual score was much milder
the actual score is a tad more action packed- the gabriel has a different feel
if you haven't seen my new scene for do it now. watch me get fucked senseless and love it
wow you;re so beautiful
atheists &amp; islamists vow to destroy christian civilization. there's a war on for your mind.
wow. i guess that's everyone. i can get a video of kkk and say all white ppl want black ppl to die.
between casilla, strickland &amp; romo, bruce bochy doesn't have anyone who can close a game.
or get a clutch hit.
my 2 kids n i survive bcos of chips. i dont need to see wht hillary achieved anywhere else!
goodluck to u, others got death, destruction and pain.
i can't be proud that i'm asian but love america?
: sure you can. america is a nation founded by brave thoughful god loving people. they paid a great price.
trivia: name the player with the highest goals to games ratio in world cup history
just fontaine? i can confirm it's not liam 'beefy' smith
intentional but not terrorism, mayor deblasio?
seriously! call it what it is!
flames me and cuffs my former researcher on same day. birth of a new conspiracy theory?
like two broken clocks that pass each other in the night...
trying uber eats for the first time. the perks of sf
update: success, chicken katsu was a good decision
same picture idiot
look closely they're different. idiot
great 1st round by camelo
is it ppv or cable?
i plan to do the old school usb itunes backup and restore to save some download time.
i was at the apple store today and got some hands-on with a demo before my pre-order comes in a week or two. impressed &amp; excited.
i have a 15% off coupon for barnes&amp;noble and i was near one yesterday but mom wouldn't bring me i just want another book
probs of being a book nerd
my old jawn or whadevasss talks to this boy.... but he not jacking that they go out, right?
so like, they chilled, they even fucked but the boy my old jawn talk to, he got attached and fell for him. like in love type shit.
yall fucking?
that's my sister silly
between casilla, strickland &amp; romo, bruce bochy doesn't have anyone who can close a game.
his name is derek law. period. best reliever we had before he got hurt. best now.
what do you think of these? worth preserving?
avoid van ness if at all possible. ruin of a street meant for mass movement. ridiculous.
what was his motive?
what was tonight's bomber's motive?
do we have a traitor in our midst? jumping ship to universe?
ben affleck did daredevil before jumping to the bat cave
who is sammy
that is what everybody says, cus sammy is a nobody, he isn't loved by anyone
did yall know there is a honey 3?!?!?
lol i was going to tell u that i saw it pop up on netflix...but i didn't want to provoke u
lined with home depot and a closing tekserve just doesn't have that same ring
tekserve is closing? for good? if so, that's a shame.
haha yes... part of the reason why i like james... southern gentleman :)
yeah hes a good guy seems to really like her i think they could make it hate that doubters think she fake cause i don't
many people are calling to congratulate me on the explosion. i don't want congrats, but remember - i called it before anyone!
. what kind of mind turns serious incident that injures people into something about himself? remember he called it b4 anyone
i think he was referring to how it could possibly reflect on hillary and her policy.
and that makes it ok? he's happy people got injured to confirm his view. he just admitted it.
military actions are involved. so the options are either terror or an invasion. pick your poison. i'm sure it's terror.
conceivably? possible? might there be a few options other than two you've listed? cause i can come up with a few.
multiple reports second ny device a pressure-cooker bomb like boston bombers who used inspire magazine of al qaeda.
and the nyc mayor plays word games not saying terrorism
investigation is ongoing. though we believe this was an intentional act, there is no credible terror threat against nyc at this moment.
no credible threat against when 1 bomb exploded &amp; a 2nd found 4 blocks away?? do u wish nykers r stupid?
be glad ur overrated qb is the only one out nxt week.littrell wouldv put mac out for season
we won 32-0... you lost
another conspiracy theist
do you even know what that word "conspiracy theist" means, or u just want to talk? deal with the truth
ohhh it's too late to watch texas play a competitive road match on a saturday night
i'm at the texas bar past midnight after a bomb went off in chelsea but you're right
be glad ur overrated qb is the only one out nxt week.littrell wouldv put mac out for season
bye bye troll
i enjoyed omakase - 665 townsend st, 7th street -
and also ijji sushi - 252 divisadero st, at haight st -
i spit on the circle. i do not respect it
i hate the circle
so what do you think this one means. i can't parse it
ok i read the cover wrong bc i'm drunk. i have no idea
i am not a damn vampire yo rt : firefire100 you are the queen of vampires ...when do you sleep
haha...ok you're not a vampire..when do you sleep?
so like, they chilled, they even fucked but the boy my old jawn talk to, he got attached and fell for him. like in love type shit.
i almost feel bad for the boy because 1) i know this boy, and 2) my old jawn did the same thing to me 2 years ago. (we never fucked tho)
the failing has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
&amp; why are the media asking hillary to comment on the situation in nyc? looked like she was headed to the hospital
okay so it's called "poison" and it's from dior
i feel like i'm not ready to commit to an expensive dark lipstick till i test it out. i ordered colourpops!
cnn spending time talking about chelsea as gay, gentrified, expensive, not as bohemian as you'd expect. true.
basically trying to egg reporter to say this dumpster bomb was a hate crime against gay community. fucking gross.
a little research to back up my thoughts on
re v2v replacing hi quality image detect...sure in 25+ years when 100% of cars on the road have that tech....
happy birthday semone!! hope it's a good one
thanks jackie i'll try to get to school on time everyday
u fucking a girl one whole hour until you cum ? her puss trash i give niggas 5 minutes first round tops
an hour?!! rip her chocha
. top 25 gorgeous adult stars setting the world on fire
flawlessly gorgeous
yeah. but he's not a martyr. you're not very good at this are you?
you're not very good at this. if a tiny group says he's a martyr, he represents the 1.6 billion muslims.
cgrats on the football
congrat's on the football, again
fool me once, shame on you. fool me 9 times, shame on...bochy?
can we publish this quote?
treating people good and being a good person gets you nothing but walked on
its all about the balanceee
cause even after 3 text messages, 4 missed calls, you still slept with my best friend.
never shout never
. campaign manager's response to 's gun comments.
like the democrats have any idea where the outta bound lines are when they are conspiring ...
*checks phone* no texts *continues to check phone every 5 minutes all day* no texts *gives up on life*
sadly you and me both
what was his motive?
you're an ignorant fuck. you're a muslim apologist and a sack of shit.
come on man, high school's over.
that's right, so own what you said like a man instead of trying to move the posts.
muslims on obamas watch.
i don't care whose watch it is.. 9/11 happened on bush's watch. who gives a shit who is watching that doesn't solve shit
i think i still prefer the physical click on my iphone 6s plus
i'm sure i'll feel this way lol i wanted a physical keyboard again for a really long time too.
no, lauren is just her bff from like high school i think. she's super sweet. i love her!
i think everyone wants to know what lauren thinks of james lol its driving people crazy
never understood that saying "may the bridges i burn light the way"
like if the bridge is burnt, obviously it's in your past, so how would a bridge on fire behind you light your way
pipe bombs in nj dumpster explosion in ny mass shooting in d.c. mass stabbing in minnesota obama making jokes
dumbass thinks he will be caliphate hero &amp; will survive being thrown off a building...
more unpresidential statements!!! trump: robert gates 'probably has a problem we don't know about' - politico
donald trump truly a most ignorant man the world has ever heard!
what are some of your favorite new programs?
i'm still catching up but julia lipnitskaya looks amazing! i also loved mirai's costume/fs. i do wish she used abba, not a cover
. and by "personal responsibility" i mean "legally incorrect &amp; societally detrimental, rapist-y viewpoint"
we could argue that interracial breeding is "societally detrimental" if we used your logic.
there is an olive garden on that corner. an olive garden! how dare you!
outback steakhouse and blooming onions!
this is a satire account.....not donald trump
god - it sounded so right on the money - congratulations on great parody
now that i sat back and audited the non-beta release apis, it's actually pretty dang stable. guilt is gone, super pumped for the future
i sincerely hope the complaints don't hurt too bad...
i almost feel bad for the boy because 1) i know this boy, and 2) my old jawn did the same thing to me 2 years ago. (we never fucked tho)
so now i'm on snapchat and i see my old shorty posting mad pics by himself, and the other boy posting pics with them together...
'there may be a bomb on my block,' was not a sentence i was anticipating saying today. but the blockade continues at 27/28 and 6/7.
tell us again about how you live on the block with the bomb.
would you rather... pizza guy or the lethal weapon tv remake?
those are my only choices in life?
oh looked like storefronts in the video but tree in way. that would be 1 inept construction foreman!
shit happens in the big city. this wasn't terrorism at this time of night. i'll blow up the empire state or something.
now that i sat back and audited the non-beta release apis, it's actually pretty dang stable. guilt is gone, super pumped for the future
hearing all of the negative reactions has me worried about making breaking major versions in my own libraries
to bonfire people, life gaurd tower 55 first one when u pull in
wish i could be there
maybe it was an attack intended for a specific group. or more valuable target areas happen to be too highly scrutinized.
couldn't it be a crazy guy? a guy w/ vendetta against that location? a palin supporter attacking unreal american?
it seems like the most effective way to reduce crime in your community is to just get the kids that didn't go to college or not working jobs
and go to job advertising agencies that aren't degenerates and get a list of min wage jobs and post it at your community
just your everyday nyc garbage fire, nothing to see here.
garbage fire??? i didn't know trump was in the neighborh-[a golden hawk swoops from the sky, snatching the phone from my hands]
bochy said molina has hit romo well, they felt casilla was best matchup for him of remaining relievers. bochy: "it didn't play out."
we know that. what is his plan going forward?
so now i'm on snapchat and i see my old shorty posting mad pics by himself, and the other boy posting pics with them together...
so now i'm looking at this shit like "hmmmm, doesn't this scenario look familiar?"
the kind of person who has a parody account used to fool people
damn good parody - sounds like every other comment out of the madman
how i'm feeling this year
more like us every year
do we have a traitor in our midst? jumping ship to universe?
cyclops was lois lanes love interest in superman returns
i searched 'eye roll'
speaking of eye rolls and retrograde.. bro, it was never a thing, never gonna be a thing, let it go byeee
muslim who attacked nyc police w/ a meat cleaver is a palestinian arab (illegal?) who was in nyc to appeal his deportation!
: if he is being deported, why is he allowed to be roaming free on our streets.
okay so it's called "poison" and it's from dior
in all fairness i buy no nice makeup and all i wear is lipstick. highlighter looks like glitter sweat to me
. i mean look at where specialty was in 2006. it's still the beginning days of mass market rtd
teal shirt bushy beard and pone.
then it's a terror attack against the blind.... not all terrorist is islamic nor does all terrorist actually target specifics.
i see. but then your definition of terrorism is much broader than mine.
has canelo scored a kd?
...not yet, smith is tough as nails man
i wonder how they expect to _hide_ hillary between now and election day. they've already been desperately flailing!
they want to hide behind trump. if he wants to win, he needs to make the election about her, not him.
a bomb in chelsea? check out trump supporters.
it was from a dumpster i think?
yeah. once. a long time ago. muslims it's every day
lol air strike in syria yesterday, pakistan getting droned almost everyday+children dying?
i saw the secondary device may be a pressure cooker &amp; my mind went straight to the delicious ropa vieja i had last night.
i also think of the wasted alcohol when i see molotov cocktails thrown.
lowkey do wanna go
you should
. and i are safe in brooklyn tonight. thoughts go out to the injured. so scary.
i was wondering, byron. so glad to know you are all safe.
maybe auburn can start working on getting herman now, before anyone else is officially in the market. at least before this lsu game ends.
going after someone else's coach before they fire their own is so auburn.
sometimes i wanna tell funny stories that people tell me so i say they happened to me, (1/2)
but then i forget who told me the story and i tell it back to that person and then it gets awkward (2/2)
i'll go. 2010 i presented a uialertview that said "butt cheese" in a nsurlconnection's didfailwitherror method
that's magnificent! worst one i've shipped caused random havoc across all apps, incl. permanently disabling the camera...
in july 2014, lars mittank was about to fly home from his trip to bulgaria. this was the last known footage of him.
guy must have found out that his crazy ex got pregnant on that fling night they had.
the second half of this baseball season has been really tough for me to watch
me too! i've been going to giants games since the late 70s and this has been some of the most painful baseball i've ever watched.
i literally just went through tv guide and set my dvr for the week. i'm already exhausted.
lol i know!
bochy said molina has hit romo well, they felt casilla was best matchup for him of remaining relievers. bochy: "it didn't play out."
he doesn't look mentally ready to pitch in a high leveraged situation.
yeah. once. a long time ago. muslims it's every day
iraq will suffer for decades because of what america did. that's everyday for the next couple decades. they are human too.
we are the ones demanding the usa stay safe of this, is there a context for open borders fools?
thousands of rapes, sexual assaults here already.
please stay safe my dearest!!!! prayers from virginia beach
thank you pey
"everybody hits rawhide" lady is here, after ozuna 1b did her yell. mavs fan in first row: "not last night, lady."
"everybody hits rawhide" lady has gone quiet. 6-3 lead to start top 8.
that's magnificent! worst one i've shipped caused random havoc across all apps, incl. permanently disabling the camera...
...and would persist across wipe-and-restore-from-backup. luckily, could be repaired after the fact in a software update.
bruh i tried putting you on game like 6 months ago, just listen to your fellow bori sis she know the deal lol
nah cause i took ur advice &amp; tried it and you were wrong
a land of unrest, a generation of stone-pelters... superb piece on south kashmir protests
these stone pelters should be punished,if they get dangerous,we could fire bulletslikeisral
you know i would bubba
you don't even have to say anything. you're already on the vip list lol.
ok cnn let's talk about 23&amp;6th. that is not where either the gay community or artists converge. it's also not like a club/bar space
it's much more flatiron than chelsea
we have a fbz singing shanties on our couch tonight. "[...] but root rights are a girl's...
sending and 0days to you both!
new york city mayor bill de blasio says chelsea explosion was an 'intentional act'
how safe can you feel when your own mayor plays word games not calling things what they are? islamic terrorism!!!
let's keep it going!!! touchdown bears!!! it's 31-28 ut.
keep those golden bears fired up, oski! go bears!!
tune in now to watch hillary speak to the :
rather stick needles in my eyes
the comment was made against drug dealers and gangs. taken out of context and she still apoligized.
and she &amp; the husband started the "war on drugs" that locked up half of ur brothers. take the apology too for that
don't allow ppl to control how they will handle you &amp; when they will handle you, if they handle you at all. again:
dropped a bunch of gems
this is a picture from my childhood home in georgia..i'm very sure that this image is highly cursed
i dont know what dark realm this photo originated from but i found it by googling my old address which is. mysterious
explosion rocks chelsea in nyc &gt;25 hurt,explosive device @ 135w.23rd st associated blind housing facility...
1/2/e/f trains suspended, street closures from w.14-34th + 5th-7th ave. a second pipe bomb searched for @ w.27th st.
i'd demand my coach kick an extra point every once in a while instead of going for 2 every time
i demanded that very thing as well, but to no avail.
midnight?? oh do fuck off, its 05:17 here.
you slept through 10 fights that almost put me to sleep.
again. why take out romo against a rh batter to put in casilla. of course, someone you know will defend casilla for another one...
what happened to law as closer?
so now i'm looking at this shit like "hmmmm, doesn't this scenario look familiar?"
so now that this boy is in love, he's trying &amp; giving all he got to make this boy feel the same way... and i'm like
cnn is trying to explain which blocks of chelsea are more gay for some reason.
squeezing out any chance of this being a targeted hate crime. also using the word "targeted" a lot, which doesn't = "intentional"
i don't think anyone knows tn. tm motive was political ie terrorism.
so if it's jihad shit, that's not political i guess. only because we have to coddle the muslims, right?
for whites, it's about divesting in whiteness &amp; the privileges therein.
a hip hop artist was describing his experience in school.
dollars to donuts, they each have a separate, private account.
and are probably secretly having affairs.
woah.. it looks like she went to go see hamilton? hmmmm
she did and we walked past there 2x tonight
and go to job advertising agencies that aren't degenerates and get a list of min wage jobs and post it at your community
centers, this will also increase the mean income and also keep a community eye on bad guys, decrease drug use, and crime
are they mobilizing all fdny stations? i live near a firehouse and i hear all the engines leaving
dont you live super far away
the comment was made against drug dealers and gangs. taken out of context and she still apoligized.
voted for the war in iraq that killed thousands of people, later apologized and yes, we should move on. smh
i love mirai's fs! it's a big step up for her compared to her last few programs.
yes, i agree. i loved her great gatsby program but the music cuts were choppy which made the program not flow as well.
who runs away from a freaking cat while screaming "dad yung puusaaaa " gahd cats scare me on a different level
sethhh, butterflies... hahahaha
you like my esther role/big papi profile?? it's awesome. do you even know the show, "good times"?
so are both of those questions for me or just the first one?
you can blame the new iphone update for that one.
oh god...thank you
we need ideas, not insults. plans, not paranoia. we can't let 's legacy fall into the hands of someone who doesn't understand that.
we need you to get a dr that doesn't lie like you about what is really going on with your health
the mta was initially created to purchase and operate the bankrupt lirr, that part was pretty cut-and-dry.
but even this raises q's..did lirr go bankrupt just b/c not possible to run profitable commuter rail? lack of investment?
replay is betraying herb dean there. not a single follow-up shot landed. tough call to make in real-time.
doesn't matter if they landed, he wasn't defending them, perfectly fine stoppage
biggest liar in us history
you're hysterical!! here, you can appreciate this &gt;
happy birthday my beautiful gurrrrl
thank you so much gorgeous
this is very true
right, maybe eataly on a saturday afternoon.
i'll always call a spade a spade, but we have to wait until we know if this is an act of terror before calling it terrorism.
are the finest men and women around.
quite possibly the most awkward wtf random comment i've read tonight.
our marriage is one big wtf awkward moment :)
centers, this will also increase the mean income and also keep a community eye on bad guys, decrease drug use, and crime
this would also boost local business values and we might just see more commercial centers opening and shops
je soutiens means in english i supporting
lol :) keep up the good work!
that's what i'm reading. breaks my heart and sets me soaring at the same time. how is he doing this? witchcraft?
magic, pretty much! also known as words.
top 12 2000s horror movies:
12. trick 'r treat 11. vacancy 10. land of the dead 9. 30 days of night 8. dawn of the dead 7. 28 weeks later 6. the mist
was there a 2nd explosion in 8th avenue?
we didnt hear anything.
that would still be a terrorist action. what about the weather underground attacks. those were terrorist actions.
i make distinction between intended target. if the target was that location, not terrorists. if goal was big boom, terrorist
so now that this boy is in love, he's trying &amp; giving all he got to make this boy feel the same way... and i'm like
moral of it all: a boy* is not gonna stay and be committed if he doesn't want to. you'll continue to be an option to him if you allow it.
mm i wouldnt say easy. if i thought it was something else, i would say so. i think its a very oppressive religion regardless
agreed. so r all religion. islam still needs to be reformed like christianity. countries like morocco r working on tht.
robbed! takes forever to call it when someone is asleep but going to stop that so quick. no sense.
thank you! i love your view on so much lately!
yeah got no idea how this dude thinks otherwise but i'd like to see how he figured that
he's just looking at muscle mass. spiders lift like 100x their weight. spider-man is part spider so he can lift
lemme guess going up to the in n out at the end of the line
yep. the closest location. well or the second closest will require a ride on bart.
i'm sure she likes him! the rest of us do!
its weird the chemistry they have but i never seen anything like it its adorable they need time away from bb house lol
omg shut up sometimes i go through your ig for fun and re-admire the pics
r u kidding bc i go through my ig just to realized how disproportionate my pics are unless im wearing a snap filter
safe. thoughts and prayers are with everybody's moms
my mom didn't answer when i texted her about it because she was watching "joy."
12. trick 'r treat 11. vacancy 10. land of the dead 9. 30 days of night 8. dawn of the dead 7. 28 weeks later 6. the mist
5. 1408 4. behind the mask: rise of leslie vernon 3. saw 2 2. shaun of the dead 1. lake mungo
amazing. how long in nyc? i'll be there oct 5!
oh no, just till friday, unfortunately
worked an 11 hour day. can i find the energy to buy myself ice cream??
yes you can.
whats that?
scotch/whiskey
lol what's his punchy ass saying?
a bunch of hilarious shit
probably bc you do not know the legal definition of terrorism
i was enjoying this till right about now. cause it's funny you bring up that point.
do we have a traitor in our midst? jumping ship to universe?
tommy lee jones....major in capt america and two face in batman foever
i do and i have. sho me someyhing she's been foind gilty of. oh, being a woman who can think.
they run the system that shields for them, but u cannot fool god, one day, they will pay 4 their transgressions
what happened???
explosion in chelsea.
we met this little angel today
i wish we took this lil baby home along w the other animals in that fucking shithole store in the mall
a little research to back up my thoughts on
this report also takes the opinion me is trying to sold ad end to end(like google) but recent events clearly contradict that.
can't they don't go to brooklyn...
i go to brooklyn 2 and 3 times a day.go to any bridge entering bk and their crowded with yellow! myth
i dont know what dark realm this photo originated from but i found it by googling my old address which is. mysterious
also no one in my family has ever won a trophy so idk what kind of athletic ghosts were living here but. certainly not us
that's your fault i told you like 50x to read it
cookin with gas has now become my shit
lemme guess going up to the in n out at the end of the line
it's a good thing they close at 1am.
bochy said molina has hit romo well, they felt casilla was best matchup for him of remaining relievers. bochy: "it didn't play out."
the best match up for casilla is dfa.....
what happened to law as closer?
no idea. bochy's press conference does not inspire confidence. take the pressure off and use casilla in 7th or 8th.
hillary clinton, on her campaign plane, responds to explosion in nyc
she needs to stop doping. she needs a bed.
happy birthday i hope your day is nothing short of amazing miss you
thanks sweetheart!
advice i'm getting is make a new project. i'm not sure what versions are for anymore
i don't understand that at all. major version numbers are for *exactly* the purpose of breaking things
he eats pizza with a knife and fork. he should never be trusted
he's not the only one. at least de blassio eats at real pizzeria and not sbarros.
lmao you are killing me with these gifs
just need u to know
by american do you mean english. just askin
let's roll the tape and all shall be answered.
freaking out bc is in ny and a bomb just exploded wtffffff!!!!!!! stay safe plz and come home soon
i'm okay! it was scary at first bc the bomb was close to my school but everything is good now &amp; miss you girl!
and now a matt saracen reference. did this announcer learn everything he knows about texas from friday night lights?
"man they sure are taking a long time on this drive. feels like cal will never get it back. feels like texas forever."
john, how could lou leapfrog osu if buckeyes win. think it through man.
because they beat the 2nd ranked team in the country by 43. that would be how. your boys look strong vince
people don't choose to be any of these things so stop acting as if white people adopted these struggles.
i may be bi but i still have white privilege while my poc counterparts do not.
is it even possible to make sfv 3/5? idc either way but what u guys think?
i would be about it.
most of year i go on at 10 but once nfl season starts i'm on after sunday night football postgame. maybe 11:45 or 12
beiong the best, should have you on a whole lot more!!
yeah got no idea how this dude thinks otherwise but i'd like to see how he figured that
100x his own body weight. spidey is about 190-195 so he can lift 19,500 pounds.
a little research to back up my thoughts on
not trying to take sides, just being critical.
stop it .. nobody knew liam smith before this canelo will destroy this kid and win every round
...stop what ?
we are beyond bankrupt. your missing the point. our leaders have destroyed us. what do we have to lose?
you are delusional - america is great. try living or visiting another country for once.
moral of it all: a boy* is not gonna stay and be committed if he doesn't want to. you'll continue to be an option to him if you allow it.
a man* , however will take that &amp; make you feel like you never experienced heartbreak ever in your life.
i don't even know who the person i'm yearning for is but my heart continues to ache everyday
that's deep
why does your room smell fishy? were you making fish sticks without tartar sauce
there was definitely tarter sauce involved
yeah omfg can't believe it i'll cry
awww what row are you in
my friend just asked if e.t. was about a burnt baby. she doesn't deserve my friendship anymore.
i totally agree with you :-)
ugh, i know a couple that shares a fb account, too. and they are always gushing about how awesome their relationship is.
but you know they are miserable. hahaha
lani gave me the koko lashes i've been wanting hehe
i said kono in my other tweet fuck me
no idea. bochy's press conference does not inspire confidence. take the pressure off and use casilla in 7th or 8th.
he did last night; why not do it again tonight and save law for the 9th?
i think artpop's downfall was gaga had a thousand sounds she wanted to try and couldn't stick to one. i hope joanne will be very cohesive
the sounds was good, the lyrics was horrible
awesome mods you have...that camera looks amazing!
yes, that 10x zoom is pretty sweet :).
we can't afford to jeopardize our safety and way of life
: americans may have to be more vigilant and ready to defend &amp; protect self and others.
just read about the explosion near the chelsea area in nyc. hope y'all are safe.
yep! all good. thanks man. :)
there is no 'd' in dykes. wait...you know what i mean...
bro you're gonna need a profile pic soon
errybody trying to bail herb out on commentary because it is "a tough spot to be in" but its literally his fucking job to be in those spots
i disagree with you here, he was doing nothing to defend against the shots that were being thrown on the ground.
this would also boost local business values and we might just see more commercial centers opening and shops
we will also see increase of trust, as market societies increase trust.
and to think they gave him the nobel peace prize. joke.
poster of ...
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
the media made you.
autumn is beautiful here &amp; is my favorite season. hope you're enjoying a wonderful weekend too.
thanks. i'm spending it with my son to celebrate his birthday. i attempted to honor him with a blog post. he's awesome!
i know we're a little distracted right now but i just want to make sure everyone knows that sully was bad
they never even said the word geese once, just called them birds, incredibly rude
u don't c any health risk posed by wireless earbuds to teens whose brains are still developing
no. lmao. why are you putting any earbuds (wired or not) meant for a phone into developing babies' ears, guy?
i'm telling you guys ... shane buechele throws the best deep ball of any college qb in years. the point just drops. i'm lowkey obsessed.
i 2nd this statement we need a 2nd 2nd?
just go look it up! what are you afraid of? google his social security number.
whose? homer simpson's?
i dont know what dark realm this photo originated from but i found it by googling my old address which is. mysterious
also idk who the fucks trophies those are. me and my parents are "losers" who dont "win things"
austin :) the best part of texas!
so just few hours or more from witchita falls
dirty hit, product of targeting rules, or was he tripped by blocker?
lol not tripped at all if u saw it
so confused, what's the difference between 'intentional' and 'terrorism' ???
ah rumors are it was a tossed - thus 'intentional' 'not terrorism'
happy ! this nov let's elect , a president who will uphold our constitution
you r fool ! never trump. never cheater &amp; liar trump. never dumb-crazy trump. never a mad man.
yeah busy night for the bad guys.
i was a few blocks away walked right past that dumpster 2 hours before
but even this raises q's..did lirr go bankrupt just b/c not possible to run profitable commuter rail? lack of investment?
(caro seems to believe the latter?) or just general societal shift from rail to auto?
should note, i did not see chanot at the stadium. only fostered player i didn't see.
if lampard is going to be out for a stretch then mix might have a chance at making the 18 for an upcoming match?
do you know who spearheaded that bill. let me enlighten you, joe biden. try some research
birds of the same feathers. michael jackson said it all: they don't really care about us. our worst enemies is us
ur comparing islam to christianity ?
christianity before reformation :) remember the inquisition?
terrorism or actions of military. the okc bombing was terrorism.
of course, cause the fed building was a target, by representing us govt. like ira targets in n ireland.
i'll support this once he unblocks me
hulk hogan blocked me to but i still love him anyway
oh shit i think i know that lady lol when you take this
it was that day when we went on that roof top
we need your support to get to the white house and defeat . let's make america great again!
money well spent!
a man* , however will take that &amp; make you feel like you never experienced heartbreak ever in your life.
know your worth or a boy will do you the honors and put his own price on it for you....
all that work finding cons is tiring, i imagine
well i mean...finding fans at cons is the real mystery.
me trying to reply to you
im screaming!
why? you already look foolish enough.
i'm so sorry for your uneducated state. you really need to expand your knowledge
you not bout it
dead up.... all i got is arms today... i'll even wear shoes lmfaoooo
no bro i was just kidding he fucked a girl in here 5 minutes ago
i got $6 on he didn't actually smash jus slipped her a finger or two for like 15 minutes
hillary clinton, on her campaign plane, responds to explosion in nyc
is she high?
intrstng connection: pressure cooker found outside of scene of crime. aq's first issue of inspire promoted use of pressure cooker.
apparently tape and wires around this pressure cooker on scene.
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
i'd listen you your lawyer. as president i don't think you'll have that option.
your candidate did to. voiced his opinion and wasn't even a politician. but the world had to here from him.
yes, u said opinion. ur queen voted for it, has access to all the intelligence, obama voted no, she voted yes
fitzroy high feminists / founders of femco on
my piece on teaching in schools
middle america: "we don't like 'new york values'" [boooom 23rd st] middle america: omg teh terrists!! nyc: "meh. avoid 23rd st."
that's it exactly
am i the only one in the world that watches bloodline wtf????
negative! i haven't finished s2 yet though.
i didn't know you were in texas, thats awesome. she would have friends
lol they were talking about getting a house out there that was a cute segment
it's domestic 'nationalist' group
i swear to u i just saw trump supporter say it it was anti-trump ppl targeting military in nj bc of medal of honor support yesterday
very common thing: people do not actually know what terrorism is. how it's defined. /1
random acts of violence are not terrorism and it's pretty important we maintain that distinction. /2
weird being in chelsea &amp;having ppl go on w night as if nothing happened, &amp;twitter where ppl far away act like it's the end
yo... you are low key an idiot. do the internet a favor and stfu.
what about all our baserunners that didn't score because of poor hitting or baserunning mistakes? is that casilla's fault too?
he was handed a lead in the ninth and failed again. the rest is moot. he has one job. protect the damn lead.
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
i'd listen to your lawyer. as president i don't think you'll have that option?
happy birthday hope you had a great day, love ya
love you alexis. thank youuu
the media has somehow grown accustomed to very often waiting for the govt to tell us what to say and do.
gettin so people never think for themselves!
no idea. bochy's press conference does not inspire confidence. take the pressure off and use casilla in 7th or 8th.
i'm not watching tomorrow
you clearly don't have the facts or his criminal history.
he was the number one isis agent in new york.
salute, good to see you and the entire brody! -one love
salute my brother
the times you're healing and when your heart breaks, the times that you feel like you've fallen from grace
the times you're hurting, the times that you heal, the times you go hungry are tempted to steal
yup. never witnessed any walk-off win at a mets game ever until like 35 minutes ago haha
damn well there's a first for everything. next first: ws win
you mean lynn swann posing next to beat reporter of
i was talking under breath telling adam to move his head
just wanna say is awesome. that's all.
yeah agree u both are
i never said it was ok! we don't need any injuries or incidents to confirm she's an idiot.. she proves that daily on her own
we were having a civil chat but that guy is happy people got injured because it hurts hrc. that's a problem, right?
new: nypd asks residents on west 27th st. in nyc to stay away from windows facing 27th st.:
intentional but not an act of terrorism, per our mayor. seems gas as a cause seems to be ruled out.
"but every woman who prays or prophesies with her head uncovered dishonors her head-" 1 corinthians 11:5 kjv
for if a woman is not covered let her be shorn. but if it is shameful for a woman to be shorn or shaved, let her be covered
taken at point lobos this afternoon.
one of my favorite spots and it's just a short drive south. glad to hear you were able to visit and enjoy. alhamdulillah!
the times you're hurting, the times that you heal, the times you go hungry are tempted to steal
the times of confusion and chaos and pain, i'm there in your sorrow under the weight of your shame
missing out on the angel olsen show tonight has slipped me into an even deeper depression than usual
blame no alcohol and greys anatomy. next time text me if i can save you
random acts of violence are not terrorism and it's pretty important we maintain that distinction. /2
best defined as a violent act by a non-government group perpetrated with the intent of achieving a political goal. /3
the times of confusion and chaos and pain, i'm there in your sorrow under the weight of your shame
i'm there through your heartache, i'm there in the storm. my love, i will keep you by my power alone
live on : nyc explosion update....
call next time in town so we can grab some john's pizza.
a bomb goes off &amp; injures 29 people. but heaven forbid the leaders call it what it is, .
they will call it what it is after they know what it is. otherwise it's just spreading false information.
literally so many people are telling me i should be a youtuber and maybe i should get in on that wagon
also it's one of the most flattering compliments the world to hear
if they ever get on horses take a pik plz
hey i rode wild horses bareback lol
those cheezits in the back look gud
im going to eat all of them adn you may not have any
still mad @ how i went to the er clinic today and the doctor jus told me "yeah ur sick" an to keep hydrating
like thank u 4 telling me the same thing jared michaels did that degree sure is comin in handy huh dr
i'm there through your heartache, i'm there in the storm. my love, i will keep you by my power alone
i don't care where you've fallen or where you have been, i'll never forsake you, my love never ends
it's national first love day?! i wanna give a s/o to my 5th grade bf lol
we was lit thanks for the hershey kisses
no. that so mean. we here at stony brook have class
stanford is notorious for crossing that line
cuz i don't follow the others.
you're the man jamal
i never said it was ok! we don't need any injuries or incidents to confirm she's an idiot.. she proves that daily on her own
i think you are sassy and not deplorable, but i think that guy made a pretty deplorable admission, that's all.
i swear by colourpop! i saw this color in marc jacobs' show and tracked it down tho
ooh yay! i'm so excited for them to come in
come sit w us
we have one seat
i'm actually living for the fact that 'perfect illusion' is apparently the most radio friendly cut on joanne.
that's like never true tho
you can't cultivate proper responses from drama queens and those who act in bad faith - can not
there comes a point (unsure if this is it) where the costs of rewarding bad behavior outweigh benefits.
i'll give credit where credit is due . impressive stuff, but now that the king is back i'm taking over this game.
u can't take over the game when ur getting dropped son
his words sound unreal but he is so very real it's a nightmare.
that rt i s from a parody account. (not that the real version might not say these hing soon, but...)
real madrid legend raul at the opening of fc barcelona office in new york city..
truth is, i didnt hate madrid till penaldo showed up and started running his mouth. these old guys are legends for a reason.
recap: late rally pushes cards past .
so tired of our closer giving the game away!
what was the number?
80 i think. 2 punts in a row just put it out of reach
hillary clinton, on her campaign plane, responds to explosion in nyc
: she is on drugs.
i miss the days where it was good guy vs bad guy in pro wrestling: via
i think you need to get a floor light brother. the lighting seems off on these new vids compared to the old ones.
terrorism or actions of military. the okc bombing was terrorism.
explosions can be to kill one intended person or a random act of crazy. or for insurance money. lots of non terror reasons
4 coaches since start of '13 season. people are insane. they looked awful tonight, but it is going to take awhile
i know but the (sad) sarkisian circus + haden's bs makes it a silly target; no surprise it's a mess
i love going to the dead mall
where is this????????
wtf was that but pure effing awesomeness. that was one of the most awesome early finishes i've ever seen.
i wanna see andrea open a fight with a crazy ninja kick
nope.the muslims who believe terrorists are martyrs will soon be dispatched and or locked up.once trump is president
haha ok this conversation stopped being cohesive or even mildly academic oncetrump was mentioned. good night
de blasio,clinton next up obama covering for if only media will be corrupt msm.
thanks for nothing to the chief liar of them all. what do you have up your sleeve bho?
so you go from 'we don't know details' to accusing a domestic terrorist. likely? lol. like you say 'no details'. stop.
i meant that we shouldn't default to xenophobia. and the u.s. has a pretty long history of domestic terrorism.
he was waiting to attack. he parked his car illegally clearly knowing that it was going to be booted.
you are obviously not from new york.
yeah i'm out of my depth, all i do is mascara or concealer sometimes when i worry my face looks unprofessional
concealer is more than i do! i don't have the patience for that. lipstick is just super easy and fun
okay ty jesus. please for the love of everything be careful. your fab frannies miss you bunches
thank you i'll be careful, we have security around our school rn so i'm safe! and i love my fran fam
apparently a pipe bomb in a dumpster went off a couple blocks from where we were in ny, which explains the helicopters&amp;insane amount of cops
luckily no one was severely injured
that's a big no and i'm not the only 1 that feels that way, they lost something &gt;
gotcha not here to upset anyone but i must admit still dig em
wtf are you talking about?. you just hate muslims &amp; want to blame someone.
you think it wasn't one of them?
like thank u 4 telling me the same thing jared michaels did that degree sure is comin in handy huh dr
no offense to jared michaels he just isnt a doctor in a hospital so i thought u coulda done more
and posting nonsense to bury your hed in the sand and label anything you arent comfortable with as non-existant!!!
you only merit nonsense.
in brooklyn rn but will back there in an hour or so
stay there. you won't be allowed back i don't think.
weird being in chelsea &amp;having ppl go on w night as if nothing happened, &amp;twitter where ppl far away act like it's the end
you are an idiot. do the internet a favor and stfu.
trump will stop the spread of radical islam, protect guns, and vet immigrants. i'm so down.
. as a new yorker stop using this local explosion to promote trump &amp; your phobias+paranoias. there's enough noise in this city
so just to make this clear: spent his saturday night learning about the american pika? ;-)
i know. such a lamo. (i blame all of my sf colleagues for giving me this debilitating hangover.)
wtf are you talking about?. you just hate muslims &amp; want to blame someone.
must have been those damn white people, right?
fav riot fest memory
long live butter stamos
who's the closer? they've got kimbrell in there hidden in the bullpen and bochy won't pitch him? mariano? gossage?
anyone but casilla is the answer. no one can do worse than he has this month alone.
gonna have to call b.t.h see if he's going or not
he better be there... bth
i'm not around a lot but i wanna help when i am.
i appreciate the help
check in please?
completely fine! thank you for checking, love you!
he did not control that interception to the ground.
game's not over yet? those poor fans, sitting through this for so long! there should be a 'mercy rule.'
playstation vue premium jig 114 channels $15 cash app and i send you info how to keep it free . 100% legit
rts appreciated will return the favor^^^^^^^^^^^^
nope. cold brew opens market against sodas, energy drinks, etc. how does specialty reach mass market without rtd?
i don't categorically discount rtd, but the products on market today represent traceability, sustainability, or quality
in brooklyn rn but will back there in an hour or so
they found another bomb on 27th between 6th/7th
first will come sufi doing taqqiya then ahmadi with benevolent islam then sunni with mosque communes
all three groups have bloody histories, but most of the west does not seem to know much about the first two.
shit. yeah.
i literally fucking hate fob
for example, there was ample evidence the san bernardino mass shooting was likely terrorism well before the govt. said so...the media can
folks don't just bomb civilians for nothing! you know it's terrorists!
i just pledged for new album to wish him a happy birthday
thank you very much
surprised ur still up,last time in la dodgers took 2of3 from the big 3, expect same results this time.
na dodgers about to play a real team in months. so... it comes to last 3 games really. take two we chill.
yup, just visit the loc once and change ur mind.
light attack helicopter might have been helfpul..
there's something slightly off about both those statements. it's driving me a bit mad.
not sure if driving pun or realization of the participatory nature of all infrastructure problems.
weird being in chelsea &amp;having ppl go on w night as if nothing happened, &amp;twitter where ppl far away act like it's the end
i am in chelsea and have family members that are close by. the media sucks but idiots like you on twitter are worse.
weekend reading on the derrick rose lawsuit: trial primer: on why he should settle:
he should settle because it's not right to cheat a prostitute.
i have too many fanfics saved that i still need to start gtg
lol honestly im so desperate for more ahah ive read like all dem
i told grandy it was past bartolo's bedtime and then that happened....what a teammate!
with gone we will need you to wield your mighty hammer even harder !!
fit is aware of the situation and is coordinating with nypd. students check your fit email for updates.
will information be sent to all employees as well?
do my artist alley inventory for me
what is that
perhaps they should pray more.
i'm a heathen according to you lol. have a good night m'am
...is it though
tbh i also get secret pleasure out of the fact that some people say men hate bright lipstick
who do you put in to close? everyone else bochy has tried gas failed too. look at the stats. you have no solution. just griping
law. i've been saying law for 2 months. i was saying law when it went to closer by committee. look at his stats!
that's what i thought. it's so good
is armorgeddon still there
you look like a total douche having two pairs of glasses
the glasses on my face are just sports apparel. they're fake
welp black sesame is officially my fav macaron flavor
my god black sesame is so good.
i'm not around a lot but i wanna help when i am.
well i appreciate that
have a beer for me...or 2...or 3!! haha
tomorrow i am experimenting w/ gin! beginning of 20 b2b drink recipes! so, decided to have tiki!
why is everyone afraid to call this a home made bomb an act of terrorism?
because we don't know the goal or intention of the person that placed it? not rocket science
perhaps they should pray more.
and maybe you should revaluate your humanity.
most terrorists attacks are not done against government targets. they tend to focus on soft targets to create confusion.
if a homicidal homeless guy made a pipe bomb &amp; dropped it a garbage can cause he's mean &amp; insane, is that terrorism?
i'm not telling him either. idc idc.
we barely talk now...
what are we excited about????
lol a guy i don't really like got ko'd
umm this didn't go how i imagined !in my mind i was going to make this bull have wings and fly away...nope
well u lasted longer on that bull then most would but so funny
recap: late rally pushes cards past .
in the highest point of stupidity romo exit a game that he fucked up laughing like he did great,bochi, romo don't even respect you
gave myself a pep talk while trying to formulate an email to a dude who doesn't know he's my future husband
do your best writing and go get him, i rooting for you
congrats leafy seadragons on 2nd place! the water leezards salute you!
we were honored to share the day with you.
2012 john, is that you?
yes it is. i've gone back to the future.
cnn now discussing how 23rd street is the straightest part of so this couldn't possibly be targeting gay community.
no in , but they don't take the in from &amp; ?
agree, hillary, need to wait for facts.
are you going to ignore the tone and speed of that comment?
a lot of bands are
so it wasn't impulse douchery
lol you did bring up timothy mcveigh. i'm saying i don't know who.
just look what i rt'd to you.
if the offense had done it's job, it would've been a 3+ run lead. nobody in our bullpen can hold a 1 run lead. not just casilla
you mean like that baltimore game he blew?
(and then, sometimes, the same government happily leaps to unfounded conclusions in other instances when it serves the narrative.)
unfortunately they don't let the facts color their story!
chicken sh**.
you folks have lowered the bar as deep as trump. no sense of humor! bedtime. ciao!
what trump just did is a disgrace.
everything he does is a disgrace.
we just ordered this book and are excited to get reading!
awesome!!
is armorgeddon still there
the only things i saw open were the amc, a restaurant and a tuxedo store
sorry, what's your problem exactly?
it was a skosh melodramatic.
the l train from bedford at 2:30am on a friday is just like the freshmen taking the north campus bus- but only like 5-10 years older.
the bros are taking over!
how about praying for the injured and not pushing an agenda?
pray? to who?
basically the only nice part of 23rd is madison square park
and the highline
college is exorbitantly costly, so it's no wonder mostly rich students can afford it
yeah... i don't think i'll ever get used to it tho... it's still always shocking to me. (oh well tho haha)
yo could you hook it up with a pure rn
could you hook it up with a ride rn?
once you utilize explosives it becomes an act of terror under the legal definition. unless the explosives are used as a tool...
what legal definition are you talking about? 2331? fbi? un? patriot act?
i want a husky. i need a little sorta chewy in my life again
lol um i'm right here bitch
agreed, very limited tho
...dude is gritty. but yea his skill set is limited
i think you have the winner of the two pastimes!
join me, and we can rule the galaxy as englishman and american.
this column also has thoughts on big 12 expansion, wisconsin, ucla's bryce alford and d-rose's sexual assault trial.
i thought d-rose's trial was in regards to him cheating a prostitute out of her fee.
please stay home tonight omg
we're headed home now. we were at dinner a few ave's over!
story of my life
but now you have a daughter you can force to hang out with you
hall had a one leg wrapped and had his left arm out creating space.
that's a stretch now, only thing to gain from letting that go longer was more damage to hall.
i've got enough pressure in my life
boeuf bourguignon - resistance is futile to delicious pressure cooker meals!
the only things i saw open were the amc, a restaurant and a tuxedo store
hell yeah... all the ingredients for a perfect date nite
it's a work in progress
yeah. i like what you're doing. trying out different angles.
burn one end of a canela stick and have someone "inhale" and blow all the hot smoke in the direction of your eye
this has to be the most mexican remedy besides putting vicks on it
as she isn't a morbidly obese orange guy popping phentermine, i'm sure she will get a good night's sleep tonight, yes.
her bmi is worse than trump's shes only 5'5" trump is 6'3"
rt is important, ? these people are idiots. ...
...r tx1000
everything ok? stay safe.
all good, thanks!
"no terrorism...but intentional" well to do something of this magnitude with intent is terrorism.
to quote the philosopher dylan " you don't need to be a weatherman to know which way the wind blows"
agree, hillary, need to wait for facts.
she needs medical intervention.
taking my lsat in less than 7 days
take a deep breath &amp; say a little prayer before you start. you're incredibly intelligent. sending love your way
can't argue that. i detest war. especially that one.
let's hope for the best in this world. that's something we can agree on
a view from above where the second device in nyc was reported.
your sister is the real mvp tonight..great pics
deblasio already knows it's not terrorism. he must be really smart.
he's a hillary and obama puppet! idiot!
lol, remember when keith was relevant? me neither.
yeah but keith got to fuck all those blond conservative women who turn into beer and pizza at midnight-you are just jealous
nope. cold brew opens market against sodas, energy drinks, etc. how does specialty reach mass market without rtd?
looking forward to chatting again on this soon. good topic for discourse.
casilla: 1 run lead: 14 saves, 8 blown saves 2+ run lead : 17 saves, 1 bown save
and bochy let strickland and okert blow the 4-1 lead and brought in casilla in the one run game. smh at bochy's logic...
wow okay never watch me before you ive never been so upset in my entire life
i clicked on it once at 2am while i was late night netflixing and ive never been the same.
umm this didn't go how i imagined !in my mind i was going to make this bull have wings and fly away...nope
you made that bull look good! even if he didn't have a head!
new fanshot: jerry west on adam silver's comments after the signed kevin durant
jerry west is right!! i felt the same way. weak adam, very weak. hard to talk real when you're in lb's pocket. weak!
what's going on?
went to a memorial/ celebration for a friend who's no longer with us.
i'm not your typical girl xx
more like fucking retarded girl
reported 'explosion' in ny at 8:30. at 9:10 trump tells co a "bomb" went off. source says trump was 'briefed' on plane. who briefed him? (1)
trump hopes for deaths he thinks he can use to convince his sheep he alone will harness the whirlwind.
bochy turns to casilla. a good chunk of the crowd is booing.
and you're surprised at this?
best defined as a violent act by a non-government group perpetrated with the intent of achieving a political goal. /3
if event doesn't meet those criteria it's inadvisable to refer to it as terrorism-whether talking news, policy, international relations /4
well there's two points closer
plenty of time left in the half
you and summir look like twins
everyone asks us if we're twins when we go out .lolll
working with you was such a great pleasure.
and the pleasure of speaking your words was all mine!
that's too much sauce
yassss sis ! slayyy
"thank you, here is how to properly report in the future" i can tweet that all day cost is min. probably can script it
whatever you say to some researchers it will not matter. but it signals norms and standards of behavior to others.
"playing the role of ben mcadoo after super bowl 51 is curtis granderson. yoenis cespedes will play odell beckham"
this just gave me a boner.
and at 267, trump is about 40lbs over at least. and she wears pantsuits because they cover up the kevlar well and are practical.
they cover up her catherer and depends.
remember on 9/11..after collapsed..she was over there oh well
obama announced he's letting in another 100,000 you're the only1 inwho will &amp; can save &amp;us's
say what you will about barry o, but you can't disagree that he is a phenomenal orator.
his passion is genuine.
a+ walkout songs. how would you not want to fight after listening to both?
my tastes are much different!
a dog teresa. ur not a dog.
i know that but i'm the only chewy in ur life b.
when retweets but the way she first touched/picked up her cat was worse than any child you've seen
leave me alone
i need to invest in some more of these hats......and more bombers i'm fuckin wit my new look
dad hats are the future
i think people are more panicked by the idea that officials seem to go out of their way to avoid certain words and phrases..
politically correct is criminal!
i gotta go to bed because i'm going to the nascar race tomorrow and no i don't live in charlotte i just put that since i'm a panthers fan:)
goodnight sweet dreams &amp; god bless have a good sunday (:
"i'm so hungover and fragile... but heh look at this little fella!"
it's actually it's a really wonderful therapy.
you're so emphatic about wrestling. i haven't watched regularly in easily 9 years.
when i'm free, it's either the or wrestling. really passionate about both.
still missing the point. good day sir.
the point is you like dick.
as much as it pains me to say it, maybe basketball too:
cheating a prostitute out of her fee, isn't the same as raping boys in the locker room.
better not be a repeat on sunday!
we need to avenge this lost.
anyone know what if any buildings were evacuated? my friend is supposed to be staying at and can't get through via phone
i don't think places away from 23rd are really affected
you have until you're done with ur meal
i was head over fucking heels, napkins. and now we'll never make contact again.
...are possibly terrorist-related until we know otherwise (rather than the other way around).
absolutely!
are you ready for the greatest actor name ever? ... ... ... here it comes... ... ... ... effingham pinto!
~ well he certainly gives englebert humperdinck a run for his money.
that said, if we sweep tor in tor, we might not need any stinkin' tiebreakers.
no way in hell we'd sweep them there. but yeah we somehow need to get that home game
bought "where am i now?" by today, and just finished it. absolutely loved it. go buy it... like asap...
oh i can't wait to read it!
oh in sf "there are 2 things i know: alcohol &amp; costco. you could buy 2 tvs, pick the better one after a year, and return the other."
also: two bourbons
still missing the point. good day sir.
how does it feel to be wrong?
graffiti art on the streets of camden in london, uk! special thanks to artist dale grimshaw
...r tx1000
is a crazy place with crazy people. newyorkers reported the crime and waiting for police conclusions. nonyorkers stfu
really. good to know
finally getting my tint tomorrow!
what % you doing
if your hs "club" is playing in a showcase and you're playing with your aau "club," don't be salty when you're warming the bench in season
get what ur saying but club ball is a lot of $$ spent and then not play.
nope. cold brew opens market against sodas, energy drinks, etc. how does specialty reach mass market without rtd?
i don't categorically discount rtd, but the products on market today don't represent traceability, sustainability, or quality
i don't think jp was an eligible receiver on this play. they're lucky the refs didn't overturn the td.
yeah that was awesome. fly eagles fly -- literally
i have no problem watching a flawed movie as long as it has heart
i'd like to see a flawless movie some day!
rin shibuya would kick her ass and you know it
@ rin is too fast for the other rin
update: someone pulled the ebrake. we can't leave until we figure out who it was or what car it was pulled on.
i can't hear announcements in my car. someone pulled e brake? why can't they let us go?
ok, signing off from also not chelsea more like high line east. stay safe, mr. and mrs. america.
i think of that block as baruch college west
you don't take pitchas ah me. i take pitchas ah yew! - lefty ruggiero
oh yeah wise guy?
- what about us? i think we should have new suits for each new performer. all tom ford custom suits.
performers are mix-and-match fr different tapings for episodes.different clothes'd be glaring.
i'm ok. when i came out of the subway and saw the nonsense at 28th &amp; 8th i high tailed it outta there real quick
has the hotel been evacuated? i am a guest trying to find out what's going on &amp; if i can access the hotel/check out
...as if it violates some unwritten rule to suspect the obvious.
it's called progressive politics!
this is definitely a must-see! trill definitely heats up every scene!!!
she is so amazing &amp; so stunning
this becomes relevant again unfortunately
round up the boys. there was a bomb in new york city (a bunch of hicks all say new york city!!?) yeah, we gotta protect the general store.
racial tension is at a all time high in my lifetime. these perps are amateurs thankfully. where is batman when you need him?
he's on his way.
paging the ucla offense. where are you?
at least defense showed up for work.
think they get kd regardless of outcome, tbh
must be one of those east of the miss comments
also it is very humid please keep me in your thoughts
i stopped by the office to get ice. don't be a hero
my tigers are collapsing so you can go . 500 rest of way and cruise to playoffs. we're done
o's doing their best right now to keep you in it
i'd be heading to 28th and 6th, hopefully that's clear
cops are screaming at anyone coming within a 2 block radius. swat team and all.
if rose's medical expert said jane doe was that drunk, she has to be considered too drunk to consent, right?
incorrect. there is no such thing as "too drunk to consent". that's just a conclusion, not a fact.
enjoying an amber ale from while grilling
great brewery. fond of their two hearted
the only chewy in my life
ugh i made u chicken and u leave me
stay safe out there!
thanks so much! luckily was not near there tonight.
yeah i just dont know about your argument. muslims have been a problem for a long time.
that's because the media puts a spot light on them. terrorism has been committed by every single govt on this earth.
how bout them s?
yes! the guy playing the old fashioned radio to his ear told us on the 7 train. we were excited but a little creeped out.
caught at the epcot food and wine festival. should have known he'd here
dude, he's gonna have a hard time dodging in battle
it's kind of weird how when there's a possible terrorist act we've somehow become conditioned to call it anything but that...
yup. disgusting!
related: i've become increasingly concerned for next week for asu
unless we magically learn to tackle, we're in a lot of trouble.
68 points and it's not halftime yet.
one more point and it would be nice
dan lebatard dubbing skip bayless' new debate show "first fake" is subtly one of his most inspired ideas.
amazingly i thought the same. and skip went across country to do it! and gets up in middle of the night to start 30 min earlier!
don't tell me, let me guess, he is blaming hillary?
no he's blaming our muslim kenyan born president of course
the latter. it's the active phrasing. though the second sentence, "we were a traffic jam," implies being the cause of an accident
yeah, that's kinda the point though. there's no traffic jam without the people in it.
grew up in tx, nyc for 6 years and now moving to la. i got back to tx all the time. i'm here now! lol
wait dont move to la too soon lol you might have visitors
i make bb all the time! but i cook it for 4 hours. with a pressure cooker i think it'd be one.
my wife makes a turmeric-enhanced yemenite stew in the p.c. it's great. also: dangerous!
reply to this with pictures of your puppies
this used to be my pup, we had to put him down because of cancer a year and a half ago.
let me get a role on power. i just want one scene where i stab someone and swerve on my mongoose bike. durag flapping furiously in the wind
lmao nah you gotta be on a hoverboard
also it is very humid please keep me in your thoughts
it's not that humid
joy is seeing win an award at . were celebrating you in your absence.
thank you babe!! so amazing to hear it from you!
thanks for including us! :)
of course, we are big fans of your blog!
happy saturday.... editing youtube videos while watches baby compilations on youtube... wohooooooooo
happy saturday to you too hope it's bee a great day 7 hope you have a good &amp; relax evening
incorrect. there is no such thing as "too drunk to consent". that's just a conclusion, not a fact.
is a woman ever "too drunk" to be arrested for dui if she is pulled over by police when driving drunk?
just 5.7 percent of clinton foundation budget actually went to charitable grants via
b/c does direct work, not give grants 4 other groups to do work. total trumped-up bs.
aren't all intentional acts of violence on innocents terrorism?
absolutely!
also it is very humid please keep me in your thoughts
please stick to the facts
players said the same thing at the half of the alabama game. this football team seems to completely lack heart.
that's a coaching problem. this is a top 5 job. time to get a top 5 (or potential to be) coach
they all say about the same thing guy. except the patriot act really broadened the definition.
it was kind of trick question, cause the un has no definition. and the others are different. i'm unclear as to the "legal."
extremely dangerous
text me
what is your secret
no heat, no chemicals
dude! my bed is a fortress of pillows. i like coming home to that...
jah feel ya lol bruh look at us qwangers, finding some feels after all this time
happy birthday brogod you know how we bomin
good looking my brotha!!!
30 min into beasts of no nation, "wow he looks a lot like idris elba, oh that is idris elba." love it, wasn't expecting a big name actor.
powerful film. definitely on my list of tops
if rose's medical expert said jane doe was that drunk, she has to be considered too drunk to consent, right?
drunk is drunk. there are no objective "levels of drunkenness".
turns out i did, in fact, drink all the margarita.
i went to change my twitter bio after re-reading this and discovered i am already president of margaritas.
happy birthday, ate nicey!! wishing you all the best. god bless.
thank you
nice one! i'll have to try it!
ibuprofen. shower. hamburger. cute animals. ahhhhh.
the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. we must put .
yes! american citizens should come first!
happy birthday ate
thank you
stay tuned for my potato chip inspired photo shoot coming up next week
holy shit. let's do it on my roof
my family thinks im crazy but i just love these two
they just seem to put a smile on peoples faces and that usually doesnt happen for me
this is from ig
the actual post
if event doesn't meet those criteria it's inadvisable to refer to it as terrorism-whether talking news, policy, international relations /4
naturally, no part of that definition limits the race or religion of the perpetrators. for those who would ignore domestic terrorism. /5
just one of the beauties that is nyc. the chrysler building.
please come to brooklyn
literally do not @ me. sprint is the worst carrier to exist so unless ur paying my bill goodbye
true af tho dam
"twisted" is saying building hotels is a comparable sacrifice to losing a child in service to the nation.
can't blame "i like guys who weren't captured" on any media-trump said it!so much for supporting pows.
sorry to hear this. please reach out with the details on this at so we can better assist.
i just tried to use uber again same exact issues. i'm done.
not guilty on a sexual assault trial in galveston county!!!
was the female complainant white?
they all say about the same thing guy. except the patriot act really broadened the definition.
anyway, i'm done here. thanks for the exchange.
happiest birthday ats hugssss!
thank you *hugs you back*
what flavor?
creme fraiche with pear caramel :)
yep. i like jason brown's short. karen chen always has good programs but can't put it together.
yes, jason looks good &amp; i liked his short. adam was impressive too. karen has so much potential but it's true - she falls apart.
boring phucks... we going to muls tomorrow?
. ask this guy ---&gt;
already driving back home. the loss made a brutal overnighter that much tougher. here less than 24 hours.
tons of respect that you come when the outlook is bleak. i hope to have a minor streak like yours
why do you say they are pointless to comment on?
because they're not actionable
hillary seems a little out of it here
somebody missed their nap today.
to all trump haters.heres a picture of a real racist.ask anyone that has known her for years.
totally false right-wing meme.
someone sleepover so i don't have to cry and watch movies alone
i'm crying by myself tonight
they already know. hillary wants to bring more muslims into the country. how's that working out?
lol lol gurl, lol good night honey.
"it was definitely terrorism"--people on twitter who have watched "24" and therefore have an expert take on the situation
dick we live here and it happens often so yea... we kinda figure it is
this game needs to be a blow out. get some confidence before usc and get some young guys some time.
it's not pretty here watching it play out right in front of us. need some serious improvements.
mickey bands on me
got a pack of u want em
such a way with words.....i bet you are a poet. trump 2016
average? nah - you are definitely subpar - maybe a degree from trump university could raise you to average - nah
well i said i fell on my knee, so i would say my knee hurts
witch part of the knee
we're back tomorrow at 1:05pm as the try to take the series.
i will be back too. will casilla be back?
perhaps do on small scale:have communities examine how much food is wasted and what can do w/it
love this idea! tons of food ends up in landfills or fed t pigs!
is there a northbound delay? no updates from the sign and no train.
somebody pulled the emergency brake
well it is political
ok well i live in chelsea and i couldn't give less of a shit abt politics rn i'm trying to get info on the bombs and like live
does anyone in their right mind think it was an accident? if it wasn't, this fits the very definition of terrorism.
big difference between intentional &amp; terrorist. trust the experts. unless you are one?
sausage tory party
the challenge was to make it incoherent, not plausible! try again.
this is what one person's view looked like at the trump rally in ohio tonight. incredible!
... very impressive crowd to hear donald trump speak.
won my first 2 matches in top 64 and then lost to incos birdie..got to final round game point 10 10 life..got hit by the overhead. ggs!!!
you played great, man! congrats on your placing in the land of the gods :d
can i watch tho?
oh i thought you were participating
well we haven't met yet but i am glad to bring joy
yeah thank you very much i hope i've given u a little bit of joy
is there a northbound delay? no updates from the sign and no train.
moving again
in today's paper... my friend was sent home from work for wearing a jersey. and he broke no rules!
...emotionalism reigns supreme.keep us posted and should he try it again...let him bring a change &amp; see
soooooooooooooo i'm not used to actually sitting here trying to learn all this material
awe you're so cute we all need to pay u a visit
the military and then living in the middle east for 6 years made me sassy. lol
damn, you earned it! sassy and brassy, i'd say.
it's still the first half
still, go up 3.
alexis!!! you're running this race too? i hope they tell us soon :(
trisha!!! yeah, i picked up my bib today but now i'm not too sure it's happening. hopefully, they update us before the am.
bernie campaigns for hillary in akron drawing massive 150 person crowd
... nothing like trump crowds...
and posting nonsense to bury your hed in the sand and label anything you arent comfortable with as non-existant!!!
i go where the men are not hateful bigots!
i'm impressed, i didn't expect to be leading . go bears!
what a game. feels like a basketball game score.
hillbillies who couldn't point to on a map of nyc have been chattering their two teeth for hours hoping for the worst. deplorable.
can you point to santee on a map?
i live in a democracy not a monarchie. but i do no, some people will believe a lie before truth. good night.
are u not tired of the clinton dynasty? only the foolish does the same thing over &amp; over, expecting a new result
i'm hispanic,i came legally &amp;became american citizen,now i vote for
wow! you became an american citizen and show no respect for our african-american elected officials.
agree, hillary, need to wait for facts.
trump was right.
goodnight my someone, goodnight my love.
rebecca i had my show not far in the village
aww man poor giants why doesn't anything good ever happen to the giants
my life as a giants fan has been so hard since 2010
never heard that in my life. how moronic of you to say that in public as if it were fact.
dean adler wanted yu to read malcolm x's book "soul on ice" as the book of the yr" sure u remember rabbis freaked out
more: new york mayor says there is evidence that explosion was 'an intentional act'
but not an act of terrorism.
obama announced he's letting in another 100,000 you're the only1 inwho will &amp; can save &amp;us's
&gt;usletinradislamist2killuss ?
shouldn't you be gifing boise state highlights
is there sports tonight
jewish-americans not appalled by obama disrespect not american. won't defend against islam
didn't have room 4 imam crazies...
i mean last night was so bad you won't even talk about it. today you'll do something sorta bad. and then you can be normal.
honestly if it had been you alyson and caitlin, i would have said something. i'm not exactly pleased with myself
what are you slow or stupid? you're missing the point.
the point is you were wrong.
today was the last time. i think i've done my time on the front...
thou idiots shall not pass lex! now it time for a fruit beverage and relax. that means you earned it madame!
breaking news: : boom sound heard from b/w 6th &amp; 7th on 27th st, possibly controlled explosion.
suspicious package from 27th st. now heading down 34th st to fdr north with major escort to the bruckner to the range
i ridiculed you for calling me one. cuck is sooooo april 2016. lol. weak insult. just like you
look at this low-t cuck.
great. thanks.
i had a feeling the person's fascination with your butt was weird.
eradicating is unlikely. we ought 2work 2make being hatefilled socially/economically/politically consequential
yes, but look at increase of bad opinion of jews, gays, and blacks. there used to be a cost for hating these groups. need more.
happy birthday ate enjoy your day po. god bless you. have a blast.
thank you god bless u din!
be careful and stay safe my love!
gracias chula
i scanned my face and it's terrifying how similar this 7 foot computer thing looks like me
except you are a 5 foot 5 computer thing
my dad was born in poland. do you know how many people ever asked me whether or not i was born in america? nobody ever asked me that.
gasp! wasn't it later a communist country? maybe he was an advance spy! gasp!
i mean last night was so bad you won't even talk about it. today you'll do something sorta bad. and then you can be normal.
so i didn't want to involve alicia and kristen
donald trump goes after a flint pastor who interrupted him for bringing up clinton in church
old story cnn, go to sleep
goodnight &amp; god bless u all
have a good sunday u all (:
i love this buckeyes team. am so proud of how they played tonight.
. got these young kids ready. and can see the influence of
friend sent this to me. nailed it. in awe of depths of denial, stupidity, stubbornness &amp; arrogance.
ppl moved away from her in '08 b/c of her baggage. she has so much more in 2016, but now it's discounted? mystifying
after national's in 2015 i really thought karen chen was the next american superstar.
yes, i think everyone did. she seems stalled, i don't know what happened.
breaking; new york mayor bill de blasio says there is no evidence that manhattan explosion is connected to 'terrorism'
if there is, it'll be more timothy mcvey type than isis type.
may we move to a new home with a scuppernong arbor? oh you're just the nicest dana. the prettiest dana.
nancy kelly may not "chew" the scenery but during one moment she spins &amp; claws at it. remarkable stuff.
or... maybe words have meanings.
and words can also be parsed to circumvent true meaning
it's definitely on the quiet side but otherwise a fairly normal night in times square, 20 blocks away.
couldn't get out of manhattan by taxi. ramps to w side hwy and lincoln tunnel closed. now on subway
feels like i was just sworn in ... i must admit i'm ready to hit the streets lol ...this will be a quick 22 years i see !
it flies by too quickly!
no worries. enjoy the morning when they announce it as a terror act
hey, it might be. not saying it isn't. just saying it's a crazy non-new yorker right-wing thing to assume it is.
what are you slow or stupid? you're missing the point.
i was right. muslims.
eradicating is unlikely. we ought 2work 2make being hatefilled socially/economically/politically consequential
it's about a spiritual and moral transformation that engages with how we see each other as disposable commodities
msnbc is now playing a surveillance video that shows the explosion:
expert on msnbc is explaining how the bomb squad detonates explosive devices, which is actually pretty fascinating and informative.
devices made to explode = bomb. bombs put in public places to kill civilians = terror dont play games when people in danger
without a political goal it's not terrorism, it's violence. it's the job of officials etc to determine the motive. real simple
i'm fine! playing video games with the gays. stay safe everyone.
how do i get in on these video game parties?
"investigators questioned the device and found out it had an affinity for the koran and a hatred of pork related products."
you know eats rice? that's right...
a canelo body punch&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;round house kick ?
...heck yea ...i just posted the knockdown ..check it out brother
i flowers
i have that dress too. you look better in it though
she is not well.
nope; and in more ways than one.
i just remember when he was a horrible sports announcer. i don't think anyone intentionally has sex with him.
are you saying laura ingraham was drugged &amp; he raped her?
wait, i saw that recently, is she the one that yelled "you old enough!" ???
no! lmfaoo when they was screaming "3-0 3-0" phara was like "yall better leave melato alone! that's why she gon fuck jada daddy"
anti-immigration party seeks new gains in berlin...
if merkel is reelected, germany is done! even now germany is already half cooked!
your leg got blown off? idgaf i got my strawberry milkshake.
dude, c'mon, no one likes strawberry. and while you're at it, maybe fact check those injury reports ya fear monger.
we missed you tonight xo sister barbra streisand
very much into the fact that a sister babs exits in .
how about these?
down the back
taurus=the 1975 kiss my ass lol
at least we're not melanie martinez
yeah, not a new one tho. from a couple years back maybe but i might just ask for a lexus instead tbh
so you're probably gonna get one because i can get a 1500 with my nipples tied behind my back
trend alert today from 11pm onwards rt &amp; spread!! guys read the rules properly
ok read the rules will change my location to india so its 11pm ist thanks guys lets do this
loved adam's short too! karen became super tentative with her jumps after that breakout at nationals.
yes, exactly...and once she falls, she doesn't recover well and the program gets sloppy.
during fall, you should be focusing on preparing for hs.
agreed. thought u were talking about club ball season in general.
i was at the apple store today and got some hands-on with a demo before my pre-order comes in a week or two. impressed &amp; excited.
really hyped for the plus camera zoom and improved low light pics at concerts. my 6s+ isn't bad though:
i was going to be a block away from the bomb that went off in chelsea but i missed my train...
thanking god that you missed your train
statement on explosions in new jersey and new york city --&gt;
thank you !
it is not hyperbole to say that if the giants had traded for andrew miller at the deadline, they'd be two games up on the dodgers right now.
just getting jeremy jeffress along with will smith would've been huge.
happy birthday pooo may the good lord bless you have a great day!
thank you god bless u too!
me and bought some here you never know.
it was only $49
whoever calling me blocked is lame af.
its me was too scared to tell u
now that i sat back and audited the non-beta release apis, it's actually pretty dang stable. guilt is gone, super pumped for the future
you shouldn't beat yourself up. it's not like the previous version will suddenly stop working for people...
i will let you know if gin with cucumber and pimm's is a good combo!
might end up alcoholic! but my september/october cooking diary entries should be fun!
we missed you tonight lots of love, sister donna mckechnie
turn, turn, kick, turn!
edward snowden says disclosures bolstered individual privacy...
snowden is a fool who sees wrong evils in the world good luck!
happy birthday my son enjoy it
thank u my brother
eradicating is unlikely. we ought 2work 2make being hatefilled socially/economically/politically consequential
and our selves in the same way, so it's always a competition to see ourselves as useful/meaningful. see toy story 3
bullpen blows lead, win 3-2.
what else is new.sos.
: ; boom sound heard from 6th &amp; 7th on 27th st, possibly controlled explosion.
oh my god this is at my school.......
i assumed so. but y'all forever not home in nyc so i had to check lol
lmao you're right, thanks sissy! we are ok
happy bertdeeeey author godbless!
thank you
do you know smartthings? how is homekit better? just curious. need to check if i can migrate all my devices.
i trust apple because homekit requires hardware encryption. i do not trust any other brand. not nest. not samsung(smartthings)
this is the best song that i've ever heard...
send me the link b
pretty sure james would go get nat or send her a plane ticket.
heck us fans probaly would lol
nope, back in the twilight zone. it's ok. twilight zone was a good show.
that game was so hard to watch (literally, as i was using the mlb app on my amtrak train)
oh fuck. is anyone you know hurt?
no. it's the weekend and it happened at at weird time. if it happened at 5pm on a weekday? mass casualties. fucked up.
trump announced a bomb went off in new york before anyone confirms it. zero facts are in. he wants to be president of the united states.
i just know he did it, or on his behalf!
what a complete idiot. yes bombs are planted and explode all the time.
u don't need to remind me i can't stand him he is screwing up my city
she looks like she used to much provigil it loses it's powers if taken too much- long term side effects
hopefully theresa barnwell doesn't take that drug!
goodnight &amp; god bless (:
have a good sunday u all
little fellow insists on waking at 6 am even on weekends and then demands we play. needs to figure out concept of sleeping in over weekends!
you are lucky mine was going to sleep at 1am which was crazy during week days
possible explosion across the street. we're on lockdown at fit.
oh my god.. i hope you're okay love you
for the best boeuf bourguignon, get a le creuset. or any cast iron pan.
ann's got a le creuset, too. and a tagine. we've got pots up the yin-yang here.
this is simply not good
if this were a tv show or movie these 2 incidents would be the distraction from the real caper
just got our butt kicked at the happy saturday
it's my favorite :)
just heard you on . you have a voice made for radio! your sign off comment was gold don!t care what anyone says.
haha very kind and i'll be honest that wasn't my best...i laughed hard at the response to that
i'm looking for some good dimmers/light switches...you like lutron best so far?
yes i trust the lutron caseta line. lower cost. works with homekit.
i like melanie martinez ); + the categorized signs for her
yoooo why didn't you tell me this hahagagahhha this is a first date type of thing
when i realized i'll never dunk i cried
then you just drunk instead.
that "basic" d gave ou the business
crowd was cheering for ou's back up qb to get in game.
hillary clinton, on her campaign plane, responds to explosion in nyc
hill's on pills!
my notifications from you aren't working. like, my twitter is specifically not showing me notifications from you. wtf?!?
that is weird! fix this
new watch face options include minnie, as well as mickey, mouse.
double tap those watch faces for a good time
we missed you tonight xo dame judi dench
there ain't nothing like a dame...also, ain't nothing like a boss...of literally 007.
gold medal game for wheelchair basketball rn on nbc
this dude averaging a triple double???
when are you going to new orleans?
i already went on labor day weekend
so happy to finally be home sleeping in my own bed
how's it going??!
last week san diego state ran i formation power and rolled up over 300 on cal. but texas wants to get cute? wth???
it will be so good for the aztecs if cal beats texas. go bears!
or are you not interested in mechanisms that happen in you, me, and everbody?
hey, i blocked all the anti-vaxx nutters so you might as well leave me out of the convo.
true martial arts or 2 guys hugging for 12 rounds?
nah the canelo fight is pretty live
happeh birthday ate nicey! have a blast!
thank you
then they will have no go sharia zones women put in black sacks slowly they will eat ur civilisation 1400 yrs history says so
i know, the world should learn from india's bloody history with islam. muslims destroy from within.
just bought this on a whim but why do i feel like it's about to be the best album i've heard all year
is their tracklist..... a complete sentence!!!
based on what local folks were saying, plan to get here for the 8am run, get stuck in traffic, and barely make the noon appointment
i'm also concerned about how sweaty i will be for my afternoon meetings and presentations!
i espresso in diet coke. always have, always will. since i was a little line cook rat.
as soon as we get avg barista in avg cafe in avg town makes an avg capp.
okay. i wasn't but whatever helps you sleep at night.
lol. you said it wasn't terrorism. it obviously was. they had a pressure cooker bomb set up you twit.
i already went on labor day weekend
oh nvm. i was drunk tweeting. idk but i wanna go again next year
it's kind of weird how when there's a possible terrorist act we've somehow become conditioned to call it anything but that...
blame it on the rain!
thought you'd guys like this
4th grade me is actually shitting herself
i have a radio in my car
someone stole my car radio so now i just sit in silence
lot of rules , oppressive man serving rules. when i see a lady in a burka, it pisses me off.
pisses me off too. especially because it's not part of their religion.
the failing has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
media bought and paid for.
bad idea watching 's calamari episode on after drinking. now i'm hungry af.
so it was a good idea but you're not able to put it into action. that's ok. still a good idea to watch!
if this geolocated? people scrambling now.
meaning: citywide? (the scrambling is just media, no one interesting.)
he's put muslims in charge of our dhs &amp; cia. who will cross obama? no one.
: we will. brennen is a micro mental disgrace.
when i realized i'll never dunk i cried
did you cry when you made your first billiion?
sadly had to say goodbye my good old dog nelly today. she passed away at 15 years old. she was a...
heartbreaking :(
nri modi bhakts in the college whatsapp group discussing about trump's "fear-mongering"
you have whatsapp group which talk politics . nice
lmao i can't get maximum speed on the hoverboard. and what if my battery dies im assed out
lmao nah you just gonna swerve on the boys and keep it fucking moving lmao
couldn't get out of manhattan by taxi. ramps to w side hwy and lincoln tunnel closed. now on subway
just got alert abt suspect package on w 27 btw 6 &amp; 7. avoid windows it says.
. got these young kids ready. and can see the influence of
jt played like the qb buckeyes know and love. is a young in training &amp; started breaking those runs open
i set my alarm tomorrow morning for 5:18am. i think i just died a little inside
suck a random time lol why
okay. i wasn't but whatever helps you sleep at night.
i mean really, it's ok to be wrong. don't lie about it though. makes you look worse than you really are.
i was walking back from the bathroom, i missed it too, wasted 5 hours of my life
you were in the can for 5 hours? that blows.
i can tell i see ur twitter pik were u thinking of jatalie at the time
lol there was a girl next to me in that pic your not allowed to talk about production
with every ufc i gain dozens of followers. live tweeting boxing tonight and losing them right and left.
that'll teach you
dan mirglatta shoes are not as tight fitting as his shirts.
are they reeboks ?
haters will say it's fake
karma is an actual bitch
this is a stretch even for them
hahahahhaha "gay enclave"? hahahahaha a chase on 1 corner, great burrito on south corner, not christopher! but great mexican food
double tap those watch faces for a good time
will do. hope ur well !
this movie is shit. i'm only here for lg
ughh same reason i sat through it! i loved lgs swearing rant though, soo funny!!
how many amazing spaces does have!?!? @ spark labs
you can find the best ones on at huge discounts. we are the hotel tonight app for
isn't having a daughter the best mike?
it's a lot of fun.
does he think nazis were part of the answer to the third reich, as well?
don't know. he does not answer questions. like his "secret" conference calls that he thinks i do not know about
what's your involvement w. ?! been sitting on some focus groups + love to chat re. . gr8t stuff.
new york connector and partnerships director -- let's meet this week.
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
wow free speach is in the toilet
happiest birthday to you nicey ! keep that sunshine on my friend
thank you so much baunch! hope to see you sa next uwi ko
i have a baby girl on the way. can't wait.
congrats and enjoy the time.
asking questions (why do ppl do x) and then using that to post unsolicited advice just comes across as patronising, btw.
fun fact, when you look at egypt beauty's menu it lists kickaz as a similar model lol
austin fire is working to remove the car and also make sure no one walks underneath it.
driver indicated that his car did not stop with braking and accelerated out of control.
she was supposed to be our hope against the russians haha
i know...well, it's still early in the season but...there are also a lot of new russians coming up! ;-)
lolz. didn't you watch dr. oz? the dude in your avi has low t
above average for a 70yr old man. dude had a kid in his 60s, i bet you're still childless.
anyone got some spare good juju laying around? can you double it and pass it my way. this shiz has to ease up.
i am made entirely of good juju and i bestow it unto you
for the sixth consecutive year, florida will have its starting quarterback(s) miss time during a season. here's your sign.
so he's out for next week?
sure, because we can't have different opinions.
agreed. thanks for the support!
i'm really thankful i haven't seen any fatal reports yet. i'm going to put my phone on dnd (favs only) and try to meditate/calm down. night.
had some tea and going to bed. oy this is my city on high alert
you're disrespectfullllllllllllll, what are you?????
black &amp; some white lol
happy birthday ateeee more birthdays to come and god bless you po!
thank you
bs and mba have served me well
wow-hard to believe-thought nobody with a brain/education could support trump-yr degrees hitler university of crematorium?
it's completely closed
where is this?
i'll be your stylist in exchange for a popeyes 7-piece (spicy) w/ at least 4 blackened ranch
if i drive you to school like before do i get a discount?
next saturday's game vs. wisconsin will be televised by at noon et.
that's terrible for a game between ranked teams. btn better not send their garbage cameras...
i'm so fucked up over here i was at whole foods earlier
it's so crazy??? i have this "it wont happen to me" mindset but it so easily could
i'm sure it was from a video some nobody made right?
the video that enraged the mideast into violent protests. that video?
wasn't there. are you honoring his memory by using him to justify your choice to publicly tar entire jewish community?
whose memory, i don't follow ur pt here.
if this geolocated? people scrambling now.
seems fairly narrowly targeted.
nothing is ever gonna love me as much as this cat, this isn't a negative tweet it's just a fact
okay but consider this: i will also sit in your lap and make biscuits and meow when i'm hungry
who made it their goal to make him a failure at any cost and publicly stated it mant times. why?
he is not in the ballot this nov. i voted him 2 times, he is a great guy, but not hillary. we have seen her work
finally saw stranger things and my hot take is barb was a slutshaming bore who's 5 lines didn't pass the bechdel test. you all are reaching.
you'll never pass the bechdel test.
had to run but i know that are killing it right now.
is there any way you would tell me if you'll play with cc at red rocks on mon? it would really help me out! ;) thanks xo
miss this ;( bb was so hype
is that me ?
me and 's future kids are gonna be so lucky cause both of their parents can cook bomb ass food.
omg your future kids that's so exciting hehehe
either ill or medicated. could be just the pneumonia.
or she was channeling
love at first kiss is an amazing show, i have not laughed that hard in so long. pls everyone go watch it for a hearty chuckle
and was on it :o
there's a bar on geary called the happy lounge which is doubly ironic since it is neither of those things
my favorite is "would you believe..." because no, i would not believe...that this establishment is anything but a front.
espn is the fox news of sports...
"football power index"
he's so big now omg
i know he is really big
i've been waiting for the bathroom for 1.5 hours. i hate roommates.
couldve went to the gym, signed up, showered, went home and watched an episode of narcos.
goodnight &amp; god bless u all
have a good sunday u all (:
happy, happy birthday !
thank u tara! btw, lets meet up before i move to glen cove
lmao only as bad as me suddenly wanting starbucks
lmao rocking the green apron okay so i'll give you starbucks but you have to give me panera deal
haha. i was about to say let me join in on that new orleans trip
fasho next time u coming
san francisco, ca 14.1c | 57.4f humidity: 88% partly cloudy
source: "nightfall" by joe parks on flickr
i do not think it means what you think it means
ha!! definitely the comedy gem of the evening!!
don't play dumb, when ppl talk terrorism they're talking islamic terrorism and u know that, why play dumb?!?
sorry mh but islamic extremists do not have a monopoly on terrorism nor do they own the word
who made it their goal to make him a failure at any cost and publicly stated it mant times. why?
he is not on the ballot this nov. i voted him 2 times, he is a great guy, but not hillary. we have seen her work
everybody knows granny started the birther movement:
everyone "knows"? not college-educated clinton fans. nor factcheckers like lol
oh i see. i've been watching this pawn shop reality show
is it pawn stars?
uk to lead calls for worldwide airport security crackdown...
i like the new uk: building a wall, leading airport security, all right things! now they just need to get rid of london mayor
i have a radio in my car
tyler joseph is crying somewhere bc of this
"we believe this is intentional, and not an accident".
just received this alert
it's completely closed
also... i miss you so much please come back
way better than yesterday
that's good! when spenc gonna be home to take care of you?!
it's my birthday and i'm eating chips and my body smells like expensive weed
that's all you can ask for in this world
next thing i know i see my car being towed
now keep in mind i'm in my dads parking lot for his business and hit place.
hell no it rains hot water over ther m not joking
floridas like that sometimes like getting peed on lol
dj's help me with this.... if an opener plays discotech tracks before i get on... should i...
check them.
jt played like the qb buckeyes know and love. is a young in training &amp; started breaking those runs open
. was unstoppable. samuel was stealth. and continues to crush on d.
canelo is a different boxer today compared to when he fought floyd. floyd knew canelo would beat him &amp; cherry picked him early
..he would destroy floyd today
if you show me a picture of your kid i'm gonna show you a picture of me sleeping in till noon on a saturday.
that's paradise.
now keep in mind i'm in my dads parking lot for his business and hit place.
but wait it's rain and has been for hours
but who is just pouring pureed potato on things? what is the purpose?????
no earthy clue. it looks like something midwestern yt ppl may have eaten in 1970s. my parents have never heard of it tho
this is a metaphor nyc's entire history in one sentence
if they found it in bushwick they wouldn't be sure if was bomb or an art installation.
oh, wow. i had no idea that he moved for the job.
well the show airs from la so i image he's moved there. the whole format is exactly same as even to rapper theme song.
happy birthday po!
thank you po
all has done since signing a ball 4 my daughter is absolutely rake: 12-27 (.444), 7 rbi in 7 games. good luck charm?
bruce is a good guy and i am truly happy to seeing him having success
have never received an alert like this...
yeah, i just got one, too.
don...the new sat is out of 1600 lol. 1500 is like 2200 from the old sat
oh lmao. still easy peasy right?
but wait it's rain and has been for hours
i'm like " son of a bitchhhh" and b line towards the door
the usual ya know
chile, me too lolz
ok bring in into the ring
okay now is the time for ggg vs canelo
omg! 'a walk to remember' sequel on the way??! get ready for the best. news. ever. &gt;&gt;
how nickolas sparks didn't write sequel a walk to remember only one
aren't all intentional acts of violence on innocents terrorism?
according to some people, no. we know who those people are voting for....
dj's help me with this.... if an opener plays discotech tracks before i get on... should i...
pre-konflikt disco tech or your stuff?
good to hear. sounds like a shitty though out plan on their part.
whoever "they" is. today was a weird one. pipe bombs, stabbings &amp; now this. blech
that looks like a court you'd see in europe. lol
that's queensbridge
high-five, ann! (love tagine dishes.)
turnips in the tagine. this sounds like a 70s stones album, but also a recipe.
same and i was thinking about that earlier, coincidentally while walking to the whole foods
my roommate and i were just talking about how someone could set off a bomb right before we heard the news shits crazy
we should probably spot you a copy, huh?
no need; happy to buy! (though: i cannot find our safe houses block print w/unused dl code. any chance i could get instead?)
clinton cautions against drawing conclusions on the new york explosion before facts are in
why does she look so sedated? if she cant handle the 10pm phone call how will she handle the 3am call?
i don't get how leo didn't win every award there is to win for wolf of wall street.
he lost to matthew mcconaughey and dallas buyers club that's why lol
ha i knew it.it was scripted u nic r soulmates
i dont date reptiles i catch them lol
ugh. that's depressing!
yeah, it is....
sorry to hear it. but i'll wait to see if there's some kind of political content to this before labeling it.
is it terrorism when narcos bomb airplanes or slaughter tourists, ailey to preserve power and profit? no politics
this is like saying, america already has snakes so why don't we bring in &amp; release millions of venomous snakes?
or its not like that at all, just suck it up
what the fuck is going on here.
he have a hole in his shock?
tumi amakey shikhoaw
i rly wanna look like this though like what camera do you use and how did u do ur makeup, do a tutorial
i'm like " son of a bitchhhh" and b line towards the door
i have no shoes on at this point and i'm legit in full sprint to catch up the driver
"if you want to awaken all of humanity, awaken all of yourself." - lao tzu
any relation to sun?
does anyone have clear tape i can borrow
i'll mail it to u rn
beautiful!!!! i take back being so down on canelo against ggg. canelo cant be messed with. canelo is no slouch himself !
..if you watch this fight you will change your tune my brother. canelo is a monster !!!
yeah thats tough. moncrief seems to stand out more. cant sleep on jax d anymore
yeahh i think they shut down greenbays wr for the most part last week
wants money fight. doesn't call anyone out. \_()_/
hate when fighters don't make the most of mic time after a big win
are there any other briefings forthcoming?
we will keep you posted. a final determination hasn't been made yet
it's hardcore pawn shop
ooooh. lol that's on spike?
and maybe you should revaluate your humanity.
lots of those women, innocent men and children didn't deserve what happened to them. good night
good. we yelled her name.
that's amazing!! love you ladies!!
probably have to skip folsom this year. will be on-call for work. being a responsible adult blows.
:( i've got to skip it as well, never been. imma make my own folsom, with hookers and blow.
just got this.
where are you?
honored tonight to speak before the administrative staff of smithsonian natl museum of aa history &amp; culture
look at you, all cleaned up nice and everything
if cal ends up beating texas, i'm really curious to see how the overreaction machine will work.
watching and praying texas holds on to win. coach finally turning program around and i don't want him fired. boosters hate his skin!
lol thats pretty even cant argue
i only like the soup at panera because every time i get a sandwich i never like it :(
in future, terror incidents won't be confirmed by police, but by uber routes and wait times
that's not funny. that's actually true.
bout to slide to the bar
i'm coming to philly soon, we gotta link
i bet you've never felt a boob. your point?
hah. i was right. barren joe with his low sperm count.
i'm happy everyone got their new iphones. just don't show me till i get mine.
i work for a&amp;t but your iphone off of me!!! i got you bro which 1 do you want?
her venmo is ... we should send her money now for her plane ticket! haha
let me check into that im sure it would be easy
how much longer are we going to put up with radical islamic terrorism?
no suspects have been identified. no reason to misinform the public.
everybody knows granny started the birther movement:
only people believing that are ill-educated fans who never took critical thinking
i like trask or franks over applejacks bruh ain't what y'all think he is
austin can manage the game.... defense will get us win
i mean that makes sense but jordan fucking belfort....
i feel you, he killed the part.
what the hell is wrong with you? playing pc games when people are in danger. devices designed to kill civilians is terrorism...
and if that's what it is it will be confirmed in hours -- so...?
lets not get confused, this only bothers him because de blasio is a liberal, if mayor was r he wouldn't care
sorry again but like terrorism, stupidity is unfortunately not the exclusive province of one party
i do agree that has a ton to do with things right now. he's still a snake.
oh, snake for sure. no argument there.
how does a late snack sound in palo alto? maybe a bar at 9?
i caught up with the crew and we grabbed a bite. heading back soon. at the tap house
goodnight &amp; god bless
have a good sunday (:
"you said it wasnt terrorism" you illiterate dingleberry
no i said it was terrorism you cock sucking twatwaffle.
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
. your lawyer wants to sue for "irresponsible intent"? figures.
. if you guys wanna take a break from cough coverage, donald trump's trial for alleged sexual assault begins this week.
i think the statute of limitations is up for 'sexual assault'.
and she can buy whatever she wants since, you know, she won.
whatever she's a kid she be like all the rest turn out to be on drugs all go to her head.i am not only one
i dont talk about him enough but know he is the original
not only is he sad, lonely, mentally unstable, blames everything on his dad, cries a lot, wears glasses, but his name is also carl im done
i think about it all the time and now that it happened and idek what to do with myself
i always imagined it'd be somewhere else in the city never so close to fit wtf
new york what we know 29 injured cause of explosion unknown an intentional act, no link to terrorism (nyc mayor)
they close the street on 23rd st and 6th st
i lived in about a decade ago. is it still the gay neighborhood? i first thought it was terrorism targeted at gays, but who knows.
it is and i don't think it's just random that it was chosen. i think the lgbt community was targeted
exactly. to paraphrase virgil kent :the greatest trick gop pulled was convincing poor folks their problem is other poor folks
i'm so stoked you used a reference from one of the best movies ever and so well too!!! ! love!!!
happy birthday po!!
thank you
monday i think, but i should feel fine by then
oh yeah that's true huh.
seconded! joel has personally hand-sold about 20% of the total copies to date of my first series
and somebody tell that the original cover was/is/forever shall be vintage classic perfection!
i wonder where is t storm after the explosion in ny? hiding under mommy skirt?
probably daddy's skirt.
when the trolls come my way
you have trained owls? jesus. does your disgusting western opulence know no bounds?
tonight is night 2 at the fillmore.
great set at the fillmore
i have no shoes on at this point and i'm legit in full sprint to catch up the driver
he has his fucking window down and im screaming like yo wait im staying at the house that has designated parking jackass
if u are the type of guy that kisses a girl on the top of the head when u hug them then u r rly doing something right my friend
somethin you would do lol
i am glad you are both okay. thinking of everyone in ny this evening.
thank you. fingers crossed no one else gets hurt
where's all those democrat votes at that the dnc claims were there?
lean to read. repeat: give proof anyone at dnc said dems gave blacks vote. i dare you
:). it's my fun way to do baseball! please check my website in my bio. you'll love it!
thank you!!!
i hope everything goes well for you!!! i wish you the very best! :)
thank you so much! i hope you're enjoying your sophomore year! :)
there's an insidious reason behind gop wanting to privatize education.
christie is the insidious reason. he lobbied for the charter school industry.
let's bring him to a prison cell surrounded with angry inmates. see he can keep his legs close.
how very jewish of you.
rise &amp; shine. how can the police of a city use facebook more effectively. appreciate if u share ideas. mail me connect.in
they should hire as consultant for one year.
i wanna throw some bacon at muslims
you are a racist without achieving talking on muslims
he has his fucking window down and im screaming like yo wait im staying at the house that has designated parking jackass
once again i'm still bolting down the street trying to get his attention
im at union square...streets unusually slow
you didn't hear about the in a free 'hood according to ?
stay safe babe! i was just about to text you
i'm on the train leaving manhattan! thank god. it was such a chaos.
fight over. canelo won
. just saw that clip with that body shot that dropped smith. wow!
game! since we'll be moving too.
oh! you're moving to where?
glad i could be there to celebrate that despite the result of the game
glad you made it out. good to see you. fight on!
: law enforcement sources say second device is a pressure cooker with cell phone and wires attached found in a plastic bag.
obama: "nice pressure cooker with cell phone and wires attached ahmed, wanna bring it to the white house?
. &amp; have combined for 596 yards in 1st half. maybe will surpass last year's 1,198-yard craziness?
first-team to 70 wins lolol
not the approach trump took tonight when he quickly said a "bomb" went off in ny.
1) trump was right. 2) hillary opened her remarks by calling it a bombing. 3) what's wrong with you? journalist or cheerleader?
warning: the clintons plundered haiti - bill &amp; hillary screwed over hundreds of thousands of haitians -
they are so good at that
yikes. i don't even want to check my record.
hope you've done better then me!
bomb looks like pressure cooker...same as used in boston bombing jihadi special...
yep was there and at 9/11 scared the daylights out of me. no trains running, mta at a standstill...
how's the food?
i've yet to try it but i've heard it's not that bad! either way i eat almost anything lol
i can't defeat the cqc master.
remember the basics of cqc
camp, who repeatedly called complainant the accused during a sexual assault trial, just did it again.
i guess she is "accused" of spreading her legs when drunk?
i love hillary
hillary duff is overrated imo
the "vegas show" is a three night gig, nothing more. perhaps you should pay attention.
look don't tell me pay attention. anyways way more important things .
little did you know we're talking about tristan in stardust
if tristan thorn is not your goals you're doing it wrong.
congrats bro. keep grinding this season!
thanks bro you too
needless to say
i.f.k.'s in full knowledge processing under veilings. /lifting by a.m. pdt
me bc i have to work tonight
at least you look cute
no! thank you for being awesome! i appreciate your support :d
aww!! thank you you officially made my night
i love the way people who don't live here are telling us we're too stupid to panic.
of course they'd panic if their tire go boom, so you know, consider the source.
cancer of corruption: hillary's latest speech -
i can't listen to her anymore
you make me wanna cut my hair wow
short hair can be so fun!! you should!
they are losing their minds that trump is going to be right. they know well what that will mean.
what do you expect from foolish trump's followers ?
the jig is up now
omg hell has frozen over
shut up u two fucks i'm tying to sleep holy lachiem if billy p wasn't so caught up in a dirty snatch rn he'd be sad!!
so help me god if billy really giving her the business he better get an examination soon lmao
this is what a mcdonald's advertising photoshoot looks like
damn that shit crazy
congrats brother eat up
thanks brother
. i do not authorize your reproduction of my photograph. please take it down.
. that's messed up, and creepy as fuck:
setting off a bomb intentionally to injure others is a terrorist act, not just criminal behavior. no phd needed to know that.
we respect our law enforcement here and we trust their their investigation &amp; choice of words. you can assume whatever u like
incase you're having a day when you don't feel beautiful i used to look like this
you still pretty tho
ny1live confirms at 27th an unconfirmed device.not saying what they've found or where exactly
thanks for concern!
now my facebook page has been brought back after about 14hrs of being down
censored again
i've pretty much already won sooooo this is one bet i'm not sure if i wanna win or lose lololol
true ture but i'll make sure you win in life but lost the 10 bucks
i have a problem....i'm leaving my house early to shop in pasadena before work lmao
remember this tweet the next time you bug me about my shoe orders
dod has track record on sexual assault: in fy 15, military courts convicted 413 subjects out of 543 (76%) of one or more charges at trial.
but were those legitimate-rapes?
once again i'm still bolting down the street trying to get his attention
i swear he curved me like that one girl that's always liking pics and dm'ing you
incase you're having a day when you don't feel beautiful i used to look like this
but thank you
let me check into that im sure it would be easy
but if she says shes ready i think wed all be glad to get her a plane ticket
i'm bout to get on. sorry had to make a bit of money
no raid tonight?
lefties &amp; democrats downplaying terrorism, because it isn't politically convenient for them. . they've been doing it for 8 years.
or maybe the mayor was advised by both the fbi and homeland security to hold off on labelling it until more evidence comes in?
wait.. did just say it's a pressure cooker w/ timer but we should not assume it's a bomb? no it's a pot roast
said there are no in a few minutes ago..straight 'hood!
whoa whoa, let's not get carried away and they're called doner, you philistine
that's better
my brother!!!! congratulations to you man, you've earned this man, just know the grind don't stop!! love you bro
thanks and love you too brother can't wait to see you make your decision
new york, i love you but you're bringing me down.
we pick u up dough
hc here we come:)
look at us
asking a man facing trial for raping a 13 year old about sexual assault... where's the msm coverage?!
it's a lawsuit.......
i ain't a rapper &amp; i know it's kinda late but err...my
damn... that's dope!
no, for it to be terrorism is must have a political motive. educate yourself.
so since isis practices violence based on their distorted view of islam their religious based killing is not terrorism?
glad to hear.
yeah all good but we're hearing 35 injured
crazy maureen dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing , pretends she knows me well--wrong!
paid to fake it
i couldn't be prouder of for the season he had, becoming a starter again. now it's winter ball and free agency!
prayers as always my friends
fb activated "checkin" feature for incident where nobody died. wish we paid this much attention to daily attrition by car, gun, disease etc
meanwhile i see people across country posting stuff about this while we are all watching baseball or at bars or shows or parties
catching up on tgs results... goddammit these results
fuckin nuts, right?
happy birthday po ate!
thank you
the pineapple day made love you shelbs thank you girl:)
you're welcome
why not? kids must learn to show respect for their country!
forcing people to stand for the pledge is a blatant breach of first amendment rights to protest the govt through expression
lol yeah idk why though
sigh, always gotta be something. hope he's okay. lucky wasn't up&amp;up the guy probably would've lost his front teeth
they blocked off a lot of roads.. hopefully u can get home ok!
i know. my job was the only business open bc we had a huge buyout but thank god everything is fine
couldn't be any happier for my brother congratulations and continue to grind!!!
let's go brother !!
i fell asleep in the 7th inning and woke up to hear that it's a good thing i fell asleep when i did
better then watching it fall apart....
after i posted my hillary earpiece video to facebook my account got suspended
i knew it . your video was too good
our club team ain't too bad.... if you want to join? on xbox though
how many members you guys have?
and i need your help lol ima text you tomorrow
ok..get your drunk ass home safely
lol nah. don't want kids. notice you never denied not feeling a boob
sure, i've never touched a boob lol! i'm glad you don't want kids, your genes should never walk the earth again.
yukadon is eliminated by begetaminb
who put yukadon in losers?!
just a reminder donald trump's upcoming case for raping a 13 year old aspiring model is scheduled for october 14th.
a must read: all the rape allegations against donald trump that cable news won't talk about.
sorry guys i'm @ a quince. saw the score but there is still hope!
eric i want to bottle and sell whatever keeps you going.
caption this...
fuckin goals
my thoughts and prayers go out to 3rd baseman yangervis solarte and his family. yangervis lost his wife to cancer. awful, awful day.
you're a good joe derek that's a horrible loss for anyone. god grant them both comfort
lmfaooooooo, yo, she really be having me dead!!! the way she walked in on tori's interview here like mc debra.
that fucking interview she really got had me weak! interviewer: jaz or tori phara: no fuck that! fuck that! fuck that!!
team checking origin of that as well
msnbc says that law enforcement officials are circulating photo of device. that could be source.
wordsworth country makes a comeback for literary tourism &gt; if only mr d hadn't "endured" wordsworth
(i've never studied wordsworth but he sounds a bit of a twit to me)
proud &amp; blessed to watch you grow as a person, athlete and ambassador to the game. continue to follow your dreams
thank you unc and most definitely !
let's get it lil bro you that guy!
thanks big bro
sorry to make this about me, but cousins and i were out in the city when the news broke and we were hoping the people near us hadn't heard.
i was in paterson, nj buying baklava from a palestinian place 1 hr before blast. extremely welcoming to non-local. had me...
the overall theme here is places i can drink beer while my kids run around
is it all that you hoped?
yeah brother
let's go brother
i got the xerxes
yaaay! lol he also likes the zanzibar cushion if you have it.
tequila shots are never the way to go
*the only way to go
really are you an adult or just ignorant? why do people force children to go to school??church? c'mon! bunch bs!
children are also legally forced to go to school, just like we can all legally not pledge to the flag bc of the constitution
rt if you haven't won any of my giveaways yet! i want to surprise a few of you so tag a friend and i'll send you guys a lip kit each
me and haven't won any yet
hold up did canelo say they offered triple g that bag and triple g didn't take the fight?
yea. de la hoya being a bitch about it though, doesnt want to risk it
texas is being bad at eggball. as usual.
you should define context in your tweets
both squid. answer.
sure and yes.
yea lol cousin congrats boy
thanks big cousin
i have my dvr set for at 11am est. will be at giants game when it airs. tune in.
come drop by our tailgate by the racetrack
according to reports, people near vicinity being told to move away from windows.
message to stay away from near location of 2nd "device" - west 27 st between 6 &amp; 7 aves.
goodnight &amp; god bless (:
have a good sunday u all (:
eric got punched in the back of the head and is still rallying
how's your hand?
fire everybody. fire you, fire me, fire twitter.
bad bullpen management this year. not only another blown save. but casillia again.
mayor on the scene and about to update public re: earlier explosion tonight on 23rd and 6th.
no credible threat to nyc? 2 explosive devices within 4 blocks not terrorism? i feel terrorized
sorry to make this about me, but cousins and i were out in the city when the news broke and we were hoping the people near us hadn't heard.
...thinking that co-existence wasn't such a pipe dream. then this thing happens &amp; trump &amp; his cronies turn to monsters.
ok. just watching the news and thought of you!
thanks all ok
i really need to figure out how to record "seanan and ursula talk about diseases"
i know people who do that sort of podcasting frequently.
i'm happy everyone got their new iphones. just don't show me till i get mine.
yo man buy your iphone from me i work for at&amp;t, which 1 do you want, i got you i'm very professional! hmu!!
after a 3yr battle w/altzheimers, today my mom passed away. u gave us life &amp; love- mom, wife, grandma &amp; friend
. i am so sorry my friend. our condolences and prayers are with you and your family.
what's the press-box looking room(?)
it's a home office that over looks the living room. that cut out is a window.
final: ohio state 45, oklahoma 24
. but really 45-17 or 45-20 at worst based silver bullets
more updates. is anyone following this?
everyone is following.
and how to monetize it....
ah. that part is trickier...
good stuff bro i see u
thanks brother
damn. law enforcement disclosing the explosive device is a pressure cooker
that re: this new suspicious package thing, or the dumpster fire?
can't blame ryan for squeezing that perfect ass of in this scene for
closed eyes and amazing thighs ';0,
might end up alcoholic! but my september/october cooking diary entries should be fun!
hosting work event at jo malone was so much fun! i smell like english pear and lavender now!
thanks for the response and glad your okay! lm
you're welcome xoxo
i swear he curved me like that one girl that's always liking pics and dm'ing you
as i do the walk of shame back to the crib an asshole purposely swerves and drives right through a puddle and drenches me
so vegeta's basically being afterlife-stalking goku this whole time.
i know it's pointless now...but i still want a ssj 3 vegeta.
it just fell at this party and someone turned it off already
damnnnn... smh. you reported it to your phone company?
on the way out of . total parking failure. called dpt, hope they showed up...
it was seriously madness. a traffic cop could have met a monthly quota in 1 day. hope someone did
yes sirrrrr nephew congrats and keep grinding
thanks unc and you know it don't stop !!
i dig the matching sweaters ()
( ))*. thanks jim!!!! it was my idea ()
just walked by crew, correspondent said dramatically to camera, "there's a lot of panic in the streets" of nyc. there is no panic.
we see you team putin/trump
casilla: "i tried to do my best. i'm not going to be sad. i'm not going to kill myself. i'm happy. i did my best."
he's over it. move on
what should i have for dinner - the hearts of my enemies or fish tacos?
the answer is obvious
today on "horrifying future podcasts"...
"warning: not for those with weak stomachs." oh, lord, a kuec/sutd two-fer...ulp.
as i do the walk of shame back to the crib an asshole purposely swerves and drives right through a puddle and drenches me
smh i'm going to bed
this is how you define terrorism
responsible job mayor
when you ask a girl how's she doing and she says " i got a boyfriend " but you didn't ask her that
why did bruh change the beat!! nooooo
the soups are hella good
makes up for me never getting a good sandwich
ft roller coaster hair
and funnel cake smiles
i apologize for writing sports with what's happening in ny. but i have one word -- casilla???
was at the game. i had the hashtag ready to go if strickland came in.
congrats to our man on committing to northern colorado!well deserved!thank you for supporting and being an example for our youth
thanks big bro and just doing what the guys before me did !!
what trump just did is a disgrace.
said it was a bomb and u just act what difference does it make?
meanwhile i see people across country posting stuff about this while we are all watching baseball or at bars or shows or parties
media amplification is weird
so bc i'm not a new yorker that's relevant? so you're stating bombing is common in nyc. we both know that's a lie.
it's not as rare as you think. 8.2 million people. 0.00001% are really really violently crazy. shit does happen.
dunno yet. baka northern bronx. we did look at some houses in queens though. nothing finalized yet. still searching.
ah ok.. well, goodluck on the search. hope you can find a good one
literally took someone's phone to take the selfie for her bc her angles were waaaaaay off
she thanked me and said the world needs more ppl who care about getting the good shot
kinda like trump has done with this nyc "bomb" &amp; cnn anchors are trying so hard not to, they are incoherent.
hahaha except it isn't fucking funny honey.
if this is the best she can do, imagine the 3am call; she looks wiped out and or on meds:
looks way too ill to be standing there. she should be in a hospital.
how many ppl to die before liberals realize "coexist" is a farce
so what do you propose as an alternative to coexistence?
it was a lazy day
if only i could eat like that...
what's the press-box looking room(?)
the missing wall in the living room the office over looks is where the sliding glass wall goes that opens up to the backyard.
come on man how you everywhere no one asked you to be
i live a mile away suck a dick
my fucking neighbors always getting the cops. flashing lights
getting the cops called on**
i actually have no real team to root for in college sports. my school barely had any. i'm becoming a ut fan i can feel it.
the atx will do that to you. try getting into a game sometime, you won't regret it! and do all the tailgating u can.
so anyone who disagrees with you should go to north korea?
the first amendment allows us to legally not pledge, or pledge if we please. its constitutionally unamerican to force the pledge
luke can play the guitar with his mouth?! he is so talented
sign me the fuck up
aw thank you! so happy to see so much love for nat
shes amazing very likeable very sweet hope her &amp; james win money
but only one party actively pursues the stupid with a cheezy poof colored orangutan with tiny hands.
both candidates courting the ignorance vote..how else can you explain hillary beating bernie sanders?
there's nothing better for a redhead than a fresh retouch thank you love you're the best
love your hair
dance the night....all night
dance like nobody's watching... :))
same i always expect it to be in a big tourist spot
omg same!!! that's why i was so shocked when i saw chelsea like such a random area
"dorm-style living" + "$1,800 a month" + "oakland." the wave of the future.
worth noting that negev rented out graywood sro in mission before 5-alarm fire there-
oh man, you are close?!
i am on the east side. not close. emergency alert is on the phone!
dude my cousin is sleep walking right now i can hear it i'm so spooked
he's walking downstairs oh my gosh
the fuck you mean everything is fine? and why the "lol"
because i literally just walked through the city n saw everything that happened n talked to the cops
canelo's a pussy, that fight would never happen
lmao i know i would be scared too tho ggg is a beast
happy birthday ate !!!! godbless.
thank you mab god bless u din
my favorite game is how many shots of ed's liquor can i take before my uber gets here
the answer is not as many as i would have liked
but i'm sure it was fun and totally worth it!
we are by far the best smelling gals in town :)
i've done a crazy thing. if anyone has any tips or secrets to taking on yosemite in three days, i need assistance!!
yes... you will have a blast! make sure you do the mist trail and head up to the top of glacier point.
part 2 of good vs evil
thelittlegirl w isthinking'ohno ifobamasthishe'llgiveme 2hisisis&amp;tellthemima&amp;letthemoffmylikeheletsdo2all
that niggas nice as fuck
you watch the fight?
be careful and safe bo.
thanks anita. staying indoors (and calm)!
btw my streak started 300 games ago in 1992 right in stanford. and we lost that game 23-9.
i respect your streak so much. work moved me to sf but when i get back to la, i want to follow in your footsteps
college gameday options next week: florida-tennessee wisconsin-michigan state arkansas-texas a&amp;m
maybe they go to an under-the-radar game?
but sometimes shits is just facts and you got no control over facts only your whiney dumb face. facts don't move for you. morrissey a king.
this is my favorite thread you've ever had
comrade trump your taxes please !
because he is a famous cheater.
hey be nice we need her to strike one more time on paul
yes one more strike from nicobra
when first seeing this, i thought a nice side benefit would be reducing headphone jack wear. so many broken...
but it will probably increase lightning port wear.
wait were you not trying to make that reference? because i thought it instantly
i wasn't. it was perfect
thanks to communist mayor deblasio, we now know someone "intentionally" bombed nyc as opposed to unintentionally.
the mayors isnot a communist:.stop spreading misinformation
omg i missed that.. they are ridiculous
absofuckinglutely hillarious!! the new ?
okay, i see you lil bro. congrats
thanks big bro
as you buy signed copies of know this.... the man loves all-things- &amp; its readers...
no need to look any further than his emotional dedication page... but you will you won't be able to stop yourself!
happy birthday po ate . god bless!
thank you god bless u din!
my grandma really dragging me to go church tomorrow made me take off and everything
god bless grandmother's
goodnight &amp; god bless
have a good sunday (:
named all my folders appropriately
you're an nba fan!?
i was shocked when he did that one.
shocked at what?? i missed something..
explosion on 23rd street, between 6th &amp; 7th ave. be aware if you are in chelsea manhattan
are you in nyc now? this is terrible:(
dana deadass called me 5 minutes after leaving my house bc she was scared a witch was gonna swoop in and take her
this was wild from start to finish bless her
i have a real phobia of cotton balls
i'm with you they're gross
happy birthday ate godbless you po!
thank you auds
i want my friends to flirt whilst at the bar but they're scared.
give them more beer!
. thank you for an amazing dinner!
i need to know if he was your waiter?
kiss pinball machine at is almost as ridiculous as the band. super fun to play.
you and seriously need to meet this year. you'll be fast friends.
hey bro l see there's some bullshit going down in your neck of the woods everything is cool with you?
yeah couple of homemade bombs one went off one found about a mile in a half from us city on high alert sick world
what if i bought an apartment in bushwick?
let me move in w u
sounds like a banger
you used to say diplo was trash
that doesn't imply terrorism at all.
bankster-ism "c" my restaurant is fine, nypd readying city for more years of fear. no math to fix ask
2nd device found near area of new york explosion appears to be a pressure cooker with wires, officials say.
bad publicity for the city while un is getting ready to initiate the general assembly pry for nyc
oh thank goodness!...i did read that wrong and thought you were near 27th and 6th. my apologies.
no problem! thanks for your concern!
he's goofing..
unless deleted crap, check my feed..
i honestly don't understand ny people tweeting "chill" about the explosion.. esp. after everything the we have been through recently.
we are not used to it. or at least i just can't.
now they are saying explosion heard at 2nd site.. hoping bomb squad detonated it themselves and no injuries
they're telling residents to stay away from wondows so probably a controlled detonation is imminent.
there were 2 teen girls in the row next to us and he kept ogling them it was so very gross. they were like 12-15 tops.
my god! this really was the date from hell, no actually i rescind that, if this guy went to hell satan would send him back
manhattan is going through a lot right now and people are scared for their lives. meanwhile goes there to take snaps
hey i'm trying to get home!!!!!
i want to be there
dude, there was just a bombing tn in chelsea? lol wtf
besides being the sweetest guy in baseball, our has a slammin hot body
was in the building for the game.
also, andy bernard is a real estate agent in arrested. "i gotta go make this place smell like cookies" lol
i knew there was a reason i loved you!!!
more: device found blocks away from explosion had wires attached, connected to cell phone, sources tell cnn
build the wall and deport them all.
hillary clinton address the nyc explosion and says she will have more to say "when we actually know some facts"
"bombings"?
the only thing i don't like about the fight game is seeing people i love go down. i will always believe in
big fan, but did seem as focused as he should have been entering the ring?
we respect our law enforcement here and we trust their their investigation &amp; choice of words. you can assume whatever u like
seems that in legal / criminal matters, evidence / proof are ... important? or we could just assume. ah let's just assume.
they can live there, we can live here- islam is not good for america
oh, so just muslims? what about american muslims?
congrats bro,keep eating
thanks brother
and as the other guy pointed out, terrorism involves a political goal, that's just the factual definition
i bet your use of language is little solace for those laid up in the hospital from intentional act of mischief
given the matchups too
thanx for the help.
i literally can't touch anything that feels like that i get the chills thinking about it
lmfao omg same
. hey for guest judge
you've done it. you've tweeted your most important tweet.
did u draw all the artfight possums (this is so good tho)
no for reasons i will dm u lol
there we go brother start of new chapter coming soon
you already know brother
weird being in chelsea &amp;having ppl go on w night as if nothing happened, &amp;twitter where ppl far away act like it's the end
who tf verified you on twitter? you should never speak.
these eco friendly bottles are so easy to throw in my bag for easy hydration! get yours at
stay thirsty my friend
this is so wrong, why do y'all do her like this
i think she's cute
true. are you okay btw?
i was really scared at first but i calmed down once i was at webster... its cool around where i am but 12blocks away was cray
as of today ya girl is officially a licensed speech language pathologist assistant
congrats boo boo!
okay but wtf was that at the end saying its lit
exactly what was said. it's lit.
(love the word 'skosh' though)
i'm a snarky asshole &amp; i guess i got tired of reading tweets where people were making it more about themselves...
good to know that you'll defend people who use non-discriminate weapons so they don't get mislabeled. just saying.
defend? no. it's a homicidal criminal. when i policed, even in baltimore, that was a serious crime!
congrats bro
thanks bro
an "intentional act" of public mass murder against a large group of people is terrorism by definition .
i have to say the mayor misspoke badly tonight when he used those words..
what do you have in mind? the dropoff next week from big games to bad ones is pretty steep. not much middle ground.
maybe a cool site that they don't usually do?
just dont go to class:-)
nice why didnt i think of that
i bet this is 's alt account
if anything that would be my alt account since i have 10 times more followers. but its a cool account, will follow him
how do the youths deal with clubbing. i have put my elbow into so many beer puddles. i am an old.
i saw phrase angry olds re: non-millennials who blame millennials 4 shit. i millennials but i'm also embracing being an angry old
you're just a perfect human being how
wait you're so sweet ily
and everybody is stupid asf. like the black girl climbing a tree with a fucked up foot. killed my fucking high man, way overhyped
when the bitch at the end turned back, i was like "ay pendeja" lmao
i'm glad the boston marathon bombings weren't terrorist acts. the younger brother will sigh in relief knowing that.
no, that was terrorism. keep throwing them at me. i'll hit them back.
same i'm a vanilla player. does it feel like the good ol days?
nothing feels like vanilla... but legion is the best since wotlk, by far.
obvs aren't eating the right food then
i'm just over it ready for consistency again
you play this shit too?!
duh! aye how many passes do they give you?
go jullen!!
thank you !!
current thought: explorer sport or honda pilot elite - anyone have one? 2017's
hondas last forever, man. our crv just hit 106k and hasn't had a single issue or check engine light.
"that bitch was sitting on those steps talkin 'bout come aug 9th, i ain't gonna say much" jaz: she ain't say nothin at all
her and jaz both get on my nerves lmfaooooooo
i just had to call 911 bc someone sus on the train set a full backpack down and dipped out, just an hour after the bomb in chelsea went off
....nah that's scary
fan made video of my tdkr music over batfleck. fun as directed tdkr &amp; storyboarded bvs action!
follow up.. just learned is the talented cat who cut together my music with bvs! great job!
i'm a snarky asshole &amp; i guess i got tired of reading tweets where people were making it more about themselves...
in your case it makes sense. but i read a lot of reports from people in the theater district where the mood was "calm." (thanks.)
always deleting her tweet before you can even see it
i told you about the ocd.. you saw it anyways.
i know there are more people of here in america in prayer for victims of than hateful mean spirited twitter trolls.
pray 4those that were injured in chelsea manhattan ny.be safe folks.take care of each other
where the did this moron come from?
do u at least use a condom when you fuck your sister?
yooo i deaddd be worried &amp; assume shit like crazy , i really need to stop doing that bcus i end up being wrong &amp; hate myself for it
but its not my fault i'm like this , i went thru tooo much before to let it ruin what i have now
that's my brother. came a long way and you got a huge future ahead of you. proud of you brudder
thanks brother love you
fremont's boxart! program manager susan longini won the 2016 county arts leadership award! congrats!
team participated! congrats!
when you're the only normal friend
why is my cousin an alien
john smith bombing in ny because he thinks it's fun is not terrorism. john smith bombing to politically influence is. wdyg?
wow. you're a fucking moron if you think someone did that for fun. trying to kill marines on a run is fun? fuck you.
you ok bro? we were photographing over there earlier.
good to go - brooklyn bound now
if you ever thought i wasn't a textbook pisces i'm literally taking an uber to go cuddle
the uber has been playing eminem the entire way i'm so dry
i can't be in a lowkey relationship. if i love you, i'm gonna show you off
i really would right now but i'm too fucked up
oh stevie,140 just characters aren't enough to explain the fallacy in that line of reasoning.
all i'm trying to impart to you from my independent perspective is don't be so partisan in your thinking
i want someone to love me as much as kate mckinnon loves leslie jones
i also want someone to love me as much as kate mckinnon loves ellen degeneres
how many terror attacks have we had under barack? can't he even do that part of his job? hillary will be the same.
if you think this is bad, wait till trump is president.
i'm sorry trent but eminem was great for his time
he was but he's shit compared to everyone now
"that bitch was sitting on those steps talkin 'bout come aug 9th, i ain't gonna say much" jaz: she ain't say nothin at all
jaz at the hiphop awards right now! she's gonna be on the cypher with don q, a boogie &amp; john john da don
beautiful! they also love meat too ::d
they love meat for their babies. wasps themselves are veggie. this male wouldn't collect meat, only female workers do
congrats budda!! proud of you! been working hard forever! finally paying off
thank you
how did you not delete this before you reached the end of this sentence?
just what i thought, u *don't* use condoms when u fuck your sister.
saw a mosquito bite me and then immediately bite my brother.... call that a mosquiho.......
sign me dad
lmao our messages be too long
our messages be like
an ied and a pressure cooker. . . terrorism, confirmed.
no credible threat reported prior to explosions. could be terrorism or a lone wolf crank. why are you so keen for an answer?
as soon as we get avg barista in avg cafe in avg town makes an avg capp.
you that, by definition, they already do this, right?
i swear all the good tweets i put up grant makes me delete
straight pussy
sure! what location works best for you? oak meadow? will you need me to give you a ride?
that would be great! i'll pay for gas i promise
i know you are going to have trouble picking the winner when your beloved buckeyes come to norman in the fall
season is over
yea boo! go get that money
yeah brother
get the fuck off he has feelings too of not being trusted by especially with poor performances!
he has the right to be frustrated. i would be too but you can't show up manager. sends bad message to team. looks selfish.
weird being in chelsea &amp;having ppl go on w night as if nothing happened, &amp;twitter where ppl far away act like it's the end
weird having close family members in chelsea and reading ignorant tweets like this.
i also want someone to love me as much as kate mckinnon loves ellen degeneres
(stares at leslie in every interview theyre w hearts in eyes) (starts sobbing and cant look ellen in the eye bc shes so excited)
don't sound like uber is a honest business
. they are profiteering on chaos.
crying in front of people should be illegal
this is about me crying in front of people not people crying in front of me
got that suspicious package alert, am 2 avenues away and on 23rd
i'd read reports that 2nd package was already handled. perhaps alert just came on delay (at 1250a)? not sure how that system works
brotherproud of you. you work too hard, you deserve this. you gotta finish this season right and ball out. all love
thanks brother and you already know it's all love
are you and your friends family okay in ny??
yes! thank you for asking
i just laughed rly loud let me use this character design at work pls so hott
make him a bg character pls
yes! go timberwolves
there is a lot of talent there. if they could just tie it together they'll be something!
this was wild from start to finish bless her
in case u were wondering we were watching one of those "scariest paranormal videos" compilation on youtube &amp; there was one about
if i ace this quiz i'll allow myself to listen to coloring book all the way through and a cookie.
so imma just eat that cookie anyway....
you gave him the single black half glove im gonna scream
of course lmao
in your case it makes sense. but i read a lot of reports from people in the theater district where the mood was "calm." (thanks.)
or people who really know what it's like on 23rd &amp; 6th b/c they were like, just there the other day...
it's official. they jerk it to pepe porn.
that's not pepe porn, this is pepe porn lol! you childless wonder.
. not so much appalled, as i am baffled! it's as if he's getting a pass for his bad behavior.
in all honesty i think they did it simply for ratings.
bad transformer. probably a decepticon, aka trump-ian.
piece of shit!!
the start of the school year has led to a derailment of my reading life! finally finished this book!
yay! hope you enjoyed it!
i have loving parents &amp; siblings. supportive, caring friends. i'm doing a lot of the work i want to do. why don't i feel good?
this happens to me a lot. nothing ever feels like quite *enough*. i get it. hang in there. message me if you want to chat x
no worries.. i'm good, just heading to bed :)
sleep well my friend
"but both candidates used similar wording to describe the explosion."
difference is one is assuring&amp;high energy and the other is half asleep.we really don't care abt a half asleep response
i'm glad the boston marathon bombings weren't terrorist acts. the younger brother will sigh in relief knowing that.
here's my guess: either location was target cause of personal grudge or complete loony who wanted to kill. motive matters.
people are injured and there are no deaths. just folks freaked out. check out
if u hear no reports from sj, then it was probably something else. wouldn't surprise me if this was connected to nj, on the same day
i kind of hate realtime news events. of course i am concerned, but i can wait overnite for a larger picture. don't need every snippet.
yeah it's like weekly tv versus netflix. just let me read the whole thing tomorrow
donald j. trump is a much bigger threat to america than osama bin laden ever was.
he's not a threat to america, he's a threat to progressive globalism which is the threat to americans!
it was a normal cautious tone a leader should adopt when facts are unknown. quite ridiculous point.
words spoken were in line with the situation; however, demeanor was not.
"holy shit trump is hitler and he's gonna gas jews and minorities!!!" - lady who calls you a fear monger
i meant to tell you how grateful my neighbors &amp; i are for your support &amp; concern--way to love america while hating americans.
the only things i saw open were the amc, a restaurant and a tuxedo store
yeah, literally the only things there are a bowling alley and an imax screen.
that's cool they are better than justin bieber
for sure bro
congrats brother!! take the big sky by storm! happy for you!
thanks brother and i got some up my sleeve for the big sky
wow. you're really so stupid you don't understand a hypothetical.
yes i do. but you really think this is just some random thing someone did.
lol i wonder if creed is in any episodes
i would cum
oh there is but the milking cows are more in the midwest
yep maryland
don't wanna party but don't wanna be home... i need a bae
nigga why you not in iv rn ima fight you
proud of &amp; ! fl going red in nov. students lead the way.
florida polls continue to show a dead heat.
it's sickening
this wasn't our year anyway, and hopefully, this will teach our qb and coach what not to do. jr. year will be our year.
my job is done i bring you to moreau to get a free education and you did that i'm proud of you
love you unc couldn't do it without you
young comics are the best. watching a kid nervously pacing around for an audience of seven like he's about to do showtime at the apollo.
meanwhile, i'm trying to explain autoerotic asphyxiation to gaylord dingler.
congratulations bro
thanks big brother
trump will invite much more of this
we will have a "better tomorrow when is president and these terrorist are put back in gitmo
yeah, literally the only things there are a bowling alley and an imax screen.
there used to be a place you could buy comics and play dnd and mtg, but they moved to somewhere less depressing.
i went to sleep for 2 fcn hours.....wtf muhammad
i took a 20 minute subway ride and when i got out, my city was under attack... again!
or people who really know what it's like on 23rd &amp; 6th b/c they were like, just there the other day...
anyway, sorry for taking it out on you. i imagine it's more frightening on your block.
hillary looks like she's dropped a lot of weight in her face?
she needs a neck lift badly!!
wait, the syrian refugees took credit for chelsea? therefore its hillary's fault? what's next
what does hillary have to do with this? of course it's the syrian rapefugees, isis is the rapefugees and they need to be deport
congratulations bro
thanks brother you next
worse. small christian backed colleges....
sorry -im sure jesus will get you a job - or you could preach hypocrisy - its so lucrative
this post game presses was as close as brian kelly has ever come to criticizing brian vangorder publicly. as terse as we've heard kelly.
it's called the hot seat
yes i do. but you really think this is just some random thing someone did.
you're truly a piece of shit. if you cannot recognize muslim extremism, you need to hit the eject button.
i love casilla, but do you honestly think after getting pulled with a lead in az, he can get back there in that pressure role?
i'm fine with giving him another opportunity but would have been hesitant bringing him in with runner on base.
in case u were wondering we were watching one of those "scariest paranormal videos" compilation on youtube &amp; there was one about
a witch in mexico that 3 ppl claimed they witnessed &amp; there was a video of a dark entity flying in the air above a forrest r.i.p dana
latest: mayor de basio says not considered terrorism, but was neverless an "intentional act."
please explain how this can be intentional but not terrorism
i have alerts set for tornadoes, and the sound sure is piercing and scary!
very scary sound. plus lots of helicopters flying around.
text me, i have the same number! didn't even know you guys broke up
guuuuurl i broke up with him in june lmao
"holy shit trump is hitler and he's gonna gas jews and minorities!!!" - lady who calls you a fear monger
see how doesn't have a retweet where i actually said that? because i didn't.
. on : on 27th street again
pretty insane seems like a dry run for the isis idiots
really so why was that terrorism and this is not?
imagine this in all caps: because we don't yet know what the fuck happened here!
getting another blink tattoo in two weeks.
i like this solely on this great picture you found
and then mine. woop woop
itching for droga
uri army camp at attacked.17 soldiers believed to be dead. several critically injured
where did u get this information from?
happy for my lol brotha boo man been special since he was a yungin congrats on the commitment it don't stop here u know that
thank you big bro and you already know
crawford is so fucking money!!
how did we do? i was too busy buying perfume!
like a regular pressure cooker or one make into an ied
latest reports say it's an ied - pressure cooker with tape, wires, and cell phone. of course it could always be a hoax.
ben made me pop to "the dog days are over"
florence is bae.
ahhh my bad, i didn't recognize it as a male!
no worries dude! with paper wasps and yellow jackets/hornets, you can tell the males by their longer, curled antennae
yea today the best i've felt. i thought i was dying yesterday it was just the dumb pills they had me on
yea man i can't can't fuck with codeine either.
disagree to a point bro. the defense to a point will be ok come big 12 play.
i don't give a damn about big 12 play. we can never be simply great. we choke. every year. it's pathetic &amp; i'm tired of it.
cnn anchor brought up orlando, speculating on cause of , saying its an lgbt area, with zero evidence or reason to
a former nypd official being interviewed by phone on ch 11 in new york brought up the exact same thing.
more of this jam session on my snapchat ashleyiaco
loved i want it that way is my favorite
eat then bro
mandatory
congo is the second-best michael crichton movie. i will fight you on this.
right behind rising sun!
why does bochy keep putting him in? he needs to be released! bochy needs to be held accountable as well. he keeps throwing him out there
was at the game. romo didn't look good, either.
wait party at your house tonight?
yeeeee i'm in there
some guy in the theater said "awww this fucking dumb bitch" and everyone laughed lmao
dude i said "this bitch" and hella people laughed too
i love casilla, but do you honestly think after getting pulled with a lead in az, he can get back there in that pressure role?
also may have waited til team was on the road. been awhile since i've heard giants fans boo as pitcher entered game.
i can't tell anyone what it is but i found something bad online
u can tell me
lay back lemme study your curves girl i never crash when the lights off
yes do it with light on
yeah i've never once used that feature
audio messages are huge globally (just not in u.s.)
congratulations bro keep working hard like you been doing and get yo money
thanks brother and you already know
hey gregg, what ya up to?
home relaxing watching friends and you
sure, i actually live here... it's kind of different. 'skosh' is wonderful, btw.
i get it. and i appreciate the updates. stay safe. it's probably best that i log off twitter. i'll just get updates in the am.
meanwhile, i'm trying to explain autoerotic asphyxiation to gaylord dingler.
he doesn't believe robin williams' death was an accident b/c nobody hangs themselves with a belt. he thinks it was hit by the italian mafia.
but you don't have a cat...
oouuuuu then it's time to get one! (or four)
i had high expectations. didn't just match them, it surpassed them. touching, great storytelling, phenomenal acting. bravo!
what a terrific movie!thanks for doing this!
but those are disposables and heavy if they're on a cord attached to your ears
on the cord? i've only seen in the headphones themselves, i think...
news from feb 2016:
are you trying to make me laugh myself to sleep? goodnight and good luck!
disagree to a point bro. the defense to a point will be ok come big 12 play.
and i'm just as much/if not a bigger fan than you. it kills me to say it but we just can't ever be what we're supposed to be.
yo you know anything about the explosion around your area?
there was an explosion further uptown from where i live and there were other bomb threats in the area
thank you! they should have known by now if it's real then broadcast on every channel so people can look for them.
exactly. but that would be common sense such insanity
i didn't think it was that bad
a lot of people just text me their responses now or just dm me..i just don't like it on my timeline.
holy shit i know him lmfao tell him i said hi
who should i say says hi
no concern, no emotion, no words to injured. she is in another world.
completely agree.
full slate next week: see what you can come up with:
ucla could work.
yea.. it's a crazy day that's for sure! i hope it's over
same. having been through 9/11 and losing a friend that day, i still preach patience. hopefully whatever this is is done.
no worries dude! with paper wasps and yellow jackets/hornets, you can tell the males by their longer, curled antennae
btw this is polistes fuscatus. they have a lot of color varieties. they're so pretty!
i actually just watched it..
ily even tho u are fake
is there an epic tea shop in san francisco's chinatown i should know about? i bought some cool unique tea here in shanghai and lost it :(
maybe tokyo futon &amp; tea on valencia would have something similar? albeit presumably japanese (i think the owner is malaysian.)
ballet is lit and so hard but so delicate and soft but hard and cute i enjoy it
proud of you for sticking to it dude! i can't wait for ur ballet recital
well damn, ok. hopefully nobody you know was one of the injured!
apparently it was a terrorist attack....hope isis doesnt implicate themselves...this war is far from over
i'm ready when you are
where's brunch?
i just tried to use uber again same exact issues. i'm done.
filled out that form already &amp; nothing was done. deleting my uber account made their point on how they treat customers
bravo ! i read "you negotiate like a girl" on x-country flight. al anecdotes are a+, as are leadership tips
great book....i've downloaded it and started it already
to whoever planted the ied that exploded in today, if you're reading this... "we are not afraid of you."
you are correct, they are the coward(s).
ur prob isn't w/ orthodoxy or racism -real or exaggerated. it's that when you're a liberal hammer everything looks like a nail
think u've been following me long enough to kno that i have a wide range of political viewpoints. i'm libertarian&amp;centrist fp.
great meeting you!!
- you too! can't wait to see you all again soon! god bless you as only he can!
it's likely a bit more conforting than your obvious excitement over the
my insignificant tweet is nothing compared to the mayor proclaiming this intentional carnage was not terrorism
but, its not you're 24. its time to do something with your life.
i work 6 days a week lil guy
looks like it's goingo to be a photo finish whether 2016 is best or second-best home run season in baseball history.
so strange too how high the run differential is between those 2 years. over half a run!!
pic of the 2nd bomb (pressure cooker with wires.
cue "crisis actors"?
. . . . i assume most terrorists don't want you to know exactly when they are going to strike, sir. there's always a threat.
all the more reason not to jump to conclusions, lest we invade the wrong country again.
trump isn't a christian, he doesn't go to church he goes to synagogue with his daughter
do his kkk buddies approve of that?
the explosion in was close to the youtube studios - only 3 blocks away
um false, it's 8 blocks away...don't understand what you're attempting to say
before boys ruined my life
you was that young when they started ruining your life
not sure how me not having children is an insult when i don't want them. nice try though.
"not sure how me not having children is an insult when i don't want them. nice try though."
it's time boys and girls
solid pick with the white one.
holy shit i know him lmfao tell him i said hi
like your name or twitter or
thoughts are with everyone in chelsea tonight. let's keep our heads on, far too much speculation and xenophobia on twitter already.
thank you! if i hear one more person say it was islamic terrorism, i'm going to scream.
yea it feels too good i have to get used to it
when i first moved i was lonely. so i would stay at my sis house till o was sleepy then go home
sorry it took so long.
- sorry mr. zwerg. i can hear it only faintly. not enough to be able to follow. thanks for trying.
i watched a bunch of his videos thanks to you and now we 100% need to plan a trip to see him together
i'll totally come back again. justin is the best!
milking cow is cruel than halal cutting its throat. sahi hai.
why don't we have milk from humans . they are the best !
thanks for clearing up the lies,on trump's visit to flint been drinking bottled water for aprox. 3years flint resident!
block flint resident &amp; hillbot ... how much you being paid?
just heard over the scanner an overturned vehicle. wtf is going on!
can you keep the scanner tweets coming? hearing loud noises in hell's kitchen ...
my failure was directly related to your follower growth trajectory
way to pass on the negativity!!
dont forget about ur friends when you're in a relationship bc guess whos gonna be there when your heart is broken!!
great point.
trump promises to 'get tough' after nyc explosion ...
maybe his sons can be elevated to "dumpster inspectors."
thanks!! even tho ur a libra!!
come on dat ain't even smh ihy
- terrorism def. "the use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims" - this has nothing to do with race
absolutely! amen and amen!
you forgot sai baba sticker on front and back glass.
wo to basic safety mein nai aata hai... that is put by the people who buy the car... that's added safety.. an accessory. :p
sure the free trade phonies... strip and gut or jobs with nafta. now obozo with tpp. what a winner., sanders knew.
you intend to pollute my tl all night? goodnight already. it's been swell, now blow!
circus cover february 1970 - "will they survive the 70s"
four didn't get through the 70s big time.
you all appear to have your minds made up. we'll try to not confuse you with facts when they come out.
some people are just more prescient than others. that's ok don't feel bad.
btw this is polistes fuscatus. they have a lot of color varieties. they're so pretty!
oh and at least with paper wasps, males will have a yellow/lighter face compared to the dark face of female wasps
yea it feels too good i have to get used to it
now?! i be like nope. i just spent all my dividends on rent. imma watch this netflix on my couch and relax
i like liberals that say "stop jumping to conclusions". yet they are the ones who jump to conclusions when a cop shoots a black man
. it's not sjumping to conclusions" to say it's wrong that this officer shot and killed .
been approved 4 &amp; &amp; will be online with them as well soon!!! keep ur peeled
awesome news &amp; beautiful pic
and david carradine?
and we can't forget about the guy from inxs
i feel you. i'm in montreal so i know ny weather. yucky
and expensive lol
wait.... this clown is still around? shitstainlane, i see you haven't lost the weight.
..you are a jobber and got destroyed by me already. know your role you bird chested dweeb
wow what am i gonna drown my sorrows in today? possibly this jacket
that is tight... hope you feel better cousin
2 years later and we're still reppin
aww nessa love you sis dirty dogs for life
just saw the video. wow.
yeah... it was hours ago. ppl keep talking about it tonight. it wasn't huge but ppl were injured
that won't cure the urien fanboys tho. they want dat calvin klein undies ( ^ )
pay calvins hah more like a tarzan thong
i have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. i do not want donald trump to be their president.
i won't vote for donald trump. but i also won't vote for hrc... because i have two kids.
idk what to say but i'm so glad you're safe and i'm sending good thoughts and ilu
boo you don't need to say anything!!! ty so much i'm fine and i'm sure my bro will be too
i can't believe my friends bought you at yaoicon wwww
sorry he has no service and i'm asking him to stuff ones in boys' pants
i hadn't used in like 2 years. i am trilled that i can get my favorite pizza without having to leave home
for a moment i thought that was the most absurd deep-dish pizza in history until i realised it was a picture of lasagne.
as long as he builds the wall, they don't care right now
ha! that's so true!
being the 3rd wheel sucks sometimes.
i'll get you to a sharks game in a few weeks to make up for that nonsense lol
idk what to say but i'm so glad you're safe and i'm sending good thoughts and ilu
ily too thank u
getting stabbed
oh damn!ya i was more scared for the pills after i got my teeth pulled than the actual pulling. i can't fuck with that shit lol
trying to think which radio waves are line of sight only; not a giant ir remote for planes!
lasers in the jungle.
both far left governments u mention there
shall i go through the list of right wing totalitarian states who did the same? how about our education camps for natives?
the rams invitational turned my life around even though i'm not in cross country and i can't run for shit lol
bcos two years ago i met my bf rn and i never thought i'd like him so much bc i thought his friend was the cute one
let's put it this way...you were better off buying perfume and it involved casilla..haha
no!!! we never ever win or barely win when he closes!
and btw, it was scsu coaches idea since it was out of hand and both play on thursday this week. preseason in cfb solves it.
no question-you're right on both fronts, but it's a shame when these teams get embarrassed for $. appreciate your notes tom!
sickening bigotry in the wake of the coincidence. some of these racist and islamophobic tweets have me violently shaking!
be thankful that u r shaking and not dead by the bombs!
watching my fave werewolf film dog soldiers.
nice on sy fy
what is going on?
bombs and suspicious packages all over the city
mago wins tgs if he avoids mov. i'd put money on it if i could find odds
dang really? might be interested 2:1?
damn, the game really tryna violate meek lol
lmao yo the game been goin in all saturday on meesha &amp; sean kingston
intentional bombing in nyc, 29 injured &amp; the 1st words out of de blasio's mouth: not an act of terror. not muslims. islam is peaceful. huh?
guess you didn't hear about the white guy who was arrested with blood on his hands and abandoning a backpack.
3rd-an-8 and chris warren picks up 20.
just run the ball
you're the lil guy
id beat the fuck out of you lil bitch
hillary belongs in jail for her crimes and people are disappointed.
all these years - nobody's proven any "crimes"; her foundation helps folks worldwide. sorry you can't see.
and to remind us all that any box or dumpster you walk by could have a bomb in it. thanks guy!
you should switch to msnbc. way better coverage imo
you're gonna want to save that last tweet. will be the perfect title to your autobiography.
hahaha. took a screen grab just in case.
he took my cookie and it was over
nothing new that's what happens now too
but really tell me when i can visit and i'll be there you bitches!
hhaha we gotta get sean here rachael!
just don't want your dream self to get stuck. :)
dream self has supper powers and can pass through walls.
colorado springs -- here is the full quote about what trump said re: what's unfolding in chelsea:
so having a dialogue with the american people is offensive now?
i'm the one being bipartisan, not you. and i'm an independent, everyone thinks they're independent though
sorry for the false assumption..your descriptive trump physical assessment kind of threw me off ;)
that's literally the worst
like yes i'm excited to eat this but then i eat it all and it's like so many regrets hahaha
so i actually wound up reserving the jet black iphone 7 plus 256gb model...the unicorn of iphones this go-around. on the way to get it now!
why do u need 256gb joshua?
device at second possible location after nyc explosion is pressure cooker with tape, wires and a cell phone: sources
build a wall and deport them all.
my way the jam
you must be high. it's
bcos two years ago i met my bf rn and i never thought i'd like him so much bc i thought his friend was the cute one
sometimes i just wonder what if he didn't even join cross country, how would my life be now? cos he can't run for shit either
rudy giuliani: as a prosecutor i don't think i ever had a case with stronger evidence than what fbi has with clinton
how is it that fbi&amp;doj r allowed 2 politicize case of hrc.unethical?
true i love boys too much
if only they loved you back
always hang up after they fall asleep. dems the da rules b
rules to da game
disagree. imagine that.
you may imagine things that are false. i rather understand things that are true. reason 4 not understanding
now has replaced trending with generic 'chelsea' - those outside nyc don't know what chelsea even means!!
they probably think it's the british football team or hillary's daughter.
happy birthday ate godbless po
thank you god bless u din
hello. i'm a muslim in and i'm am trying to remain positive despite the hate. stay brave
do u not hate the terrorists too?
i just realized everyone draws monica with red eyes omg
her eyes are brown but...monica wearing those horrible red eye contacts for when she worked at the club
just had great workoutnow lunch,then singing,cause if i go back out 4hill,i'd like to sing a few songs.wim,s4tl,not sure which ones
whatever you sing is always the right pick! i'm in santa cruz and hope you will come to our ocean town with a concert i believe.....
happy birthday po :) god bless :)
thank you god bless u too!
we're not jumping to conclusions to call a terrorist attack what it is. . . no one is out there seriously naming names.
it's not the same for us as it is for officials. what they say has consequences, as we've seen over the last 15 years.
one of the people injured is someone who is now family. got the news while on weekend trip to sf.
so sorry to hear nicholas. praying for a full recovery!
i always forget ucsf is a school cause it's just a doctor's office to me til i see stuff like professor of ...
so i found out one of my doctors is also an oncology professor
this texas coaching may make it possible. why are modern coaches so afraid of lining up and playing man football?
i have always felt that 90% of coaches, in all major sports, way over coach. it's an ego thing, and a fear thing.
the has delivered new york to donald trump. isis, thanks for making america great again.
says some guy in chicago
me in a nutshell
aww, just look how you've grown over the years!! it's terrific! (and horrific, too!)
thank you. everyone i am with right now said the same thing. "the deplorables" may be responsible for this.
i kept hearing in media a "terror attack" would help him get elected. someone may have acted to help him!
ugh. the first day back to work after being ridiculously sick is exhausting. good night
rest up. good night. :)
ur prob isn't w/ orthodoxy or racism -real or exaggerated. it's that when you're a liberal hammer everything looks like a nail
ur doing the stereotypical rw reaction. u call me names you say i'm stupid. (ussar).i'm just stating the truth. udon't like it.
that sounds like he's either fucking clairvoyant or he has "sources" or......
you do know he is 1 of 2 ppl who will be next prez right? u think he waits till its on cnn to find shit out? dumbass
he's gotta go!!! i would have been better off drinking beer and buying cologne as opposed to watching that!! lol
there were three guys at event!
her eyes are brown but...monica wearing those horrible red eye contacts for when she worked at the club
monica those are so bad for you please do not
what is wrong with ? she is drugged, high, drunk?
definitely drunk or on drugs... unbelievable.
congrats lil bro this just the beginning!
thanks big bro and yeap it's only the beginning
sometimes i just wonder what if he didn't even join cross country, how would my life be now? cos he can't run for shit either
so many what ifs in life that sometimes you gotta just say fuck it
celoso oh que wey?
nah why would i be jealous of sheep bruhhh..
ya gotta brush up on your damned numerology! agents of evil are everywhere and they follow intricate numerology rules
yes i realize that and chemtrails are really what i need to be more equipped for dealing with current events
did you get put on it again when you got your teeth pulled, il never be put on it again
no! i ask for something else when they try and give me codeine. but thankfully with my teeth it was something else. idr what tho
just got offered coke this is my cue to leave
this guy is really persistent on giving me coke lmao
good night, ladies. armitage army group hug from me!
haha now i'm wide awake! sleep well!
wow im so scared
you'd piss your pants if you seen me in the streets
also!!! and i have not seen many disney movies and i am so happy to not be alone on this anymore
i thought i was the only loser
i'm just saying not all rappers rap about bitches, drugs, and money
schoolboy, logic , chance , travis, tiller, gambino, and a whole bunch more
not as beautiful as u bb
lies but thx
they thought that trump would react 2his disadvantage but he was poised &amp;classy abt it
his kids learned from their dad! ivanka showed great poise &amp; class when megyn tried to browbeat
gonna break two rules here: tweeting about giants on my day off, and espousing a "bochy must do this" opinion. ...
i'm on board with all of this. what time are you meeting with bochy tomorrow to get it put in place? don't be too rough on him.
i think it's on trutv. idk for sure but i'm watching episodes on a website.
lol dude that show is like pawnstars if it was on spike. it's almost like wrestling storylines.
for me it was the original pirates of the caribbean. forgot how good that was too ;-)
the pirates of the caribbean johnny depp makes in 25 yrs shd be interesting!! lol
once you start you can't stop
i know what have i done
any update on first friday for october?
mid next week! surprise edition...stay tuned.
you would have found an issue with his statement no matter what he said. don't think i don't know that.
wow..you know me even better than i know myself ..your internet psychic powers are awe inspiring
stop being a dick
working on it
palo alto gets its water from sfpuc. get ready for the "no housing? no water!" campaign.
wow. that would be next level. how many other towns do we control water for?
you must be high. it's
alcohol may or may not play a part in my choice aha such a jam
ur prob isn't w/ orthodoxy or racism -real or exaggerated. it's that when you're a liberal hammer everything looks like a nail
among intellectuals &amp; academia in orthodox judaism, the racism is acknowledged and understood.......
i deliver pizza in trenton ohio. someone from trenton ontario canada just tried to place an order. how do you order from the wrong country?!
or trenton new jersey, used to get that shit a lot
lmaooo yea u know who we talkin about
the chasers!
saw 'em last night. great show but didn't know that they had been reduced to a power trio.
i saw the trio version play a free show 4 uc berkeley students last year. sounded good, but i think i prefer bonus entertwining s
one in five ceos are psychopaths, new study finds
okay now this is a parody article too, right?
dear god, how could the organization possibly survive a blow like this?
i will be very disappointed if the eagles sit out the national anthem
i had high hopes for that movie man . lol but it did make me jump once or twice honestly
there was like one part where i jumped and alright i didn't wanna seem rude
you can fantasize to your heart's content. it doesn't make it so.
hum, you used words "imagine" and "fantasize"... notice the trend, david?
i grew up in new york, you dumb bint.
which doesn't make my statement any less true.
welcome to international trot resolve. best ffa trotter in north america.
this week for sure..congratulations on a great effort. plenty more races to come.
huge generalization
life is one big generalization
congrats! you earned it!
thanks coach and man all hard work !
you might've heard it for a brief moment but this one's my fave chill track so had to put it up on mine
. thank you
as a muslim, this normalizes islamaphobia
no. it normalizes the responsibility for muslims to actively rat out the bad ones.
nope, blu-ray. :-)
awesome enjoy dee dee what about music anything new for you
i havent even heard it yet :(
i wanted to wait till it was done
q: was it a bomb in a dumpster? mayor: "it's too early" to say.
that's why deblasio will not be re-elected mayor of nyc.
3 hours later. batman vs superman extended cut still doesn't save that movie. and zack snyder is still a penis. dc...just...stop.
you're not marvel, you can't catch up to them. just....stop.
they're asleep
not my family ha
so there was a second explosive device smh guess where it was at smh man my momma must be q praying woman and she been checkin on me all day
too close too close
he's gotta go!!! i would have been better off drinking beer and buying cologne as opposed to watching that!! lol
i think i'll go to mass tomorrow just to pray for a new closer... i guess the whole god thing too!
i missed you hahaha i'll leave you alone, don't want you to get too worked up and have a heart attack or something
...lol....it's all good. honestly i have no hatred for you, it was fun time for both of us.
hey, while i'm off to sleep, why don't all you insomniacs help spread my music around? thanks.
sweet dreams rcf!
what a win to close out our home schedule! thanks for all the fans for sticking with us this year!
text me back ya hein.
reports: 2nd device had cell phone attached to it.
of course it's terrorism!
when you ask god for a "miracle" he will always give you an instruction...
love this pastor. now if we would only remove the cotton from r ears 2 hear god's instruction.that would be thank u
any word from law enforcement re: securing the chelsea neighborhood, specifically? (i used to live on 18th street btw 7th &amp; 8th.)
i sent this tweet back in june because of orlando. who's christen? why retweet last week?
i just love !! her collection is awesome!!
i love her style and clothes. very classy. looking good leslie!!!
saban and meyer gonna be leaving messages and showing at his games soon.
lol imagine that!
k i've sat on a black toilet before and in theory it should be no different than a normal one but somehow it just felt wrong
i completely understand
canelo is a monster. ended it with a body shot
fighting is scary!!!!!!
i just want to be home, in my bed, and with my pets.
no you wanna be in my bed with kasper don't lie
im on 33rd and 7th. we were supposed to go out, but after the 3rd device warning, staying in
i live on 27th and 6th. leaving is not even an option
trump, w/o authority over or responsibility for nyc security, jumped out ahead of the mayor &amp; nypd commish on because he's a moron.
right.. apathy is the way. coward ud run to cops if any1 touched u
where's rudy when you need him.
i miss rudy as well did such a great job as ! mayor of my city
all i did was correct the faulty definition you were promoting. i get it, books are hard and stuff.
i would humbly suggest u get your nose out of your narrow dictionary existence and give common sense a chance
if you think leaving $2 for your server is a good tip, stay home.
i think it's plenty to buy a pack of gum
the chasers!
we might just get hit wit that r.i.c.o.
maybe it was trump's toupee that blew up.i don't know.staying inside tonight. i feel badly for the innocents hurt.
it's upsetting that you're making jokes when people are seriously injured. hope all are ok.
wait my mom sent this to me tonight...be careful!!!
were on lockdown and away from windows, the bomb being used is the same one used in boston marathon. they're trying to deactivate
how can a detonated device be deliberately placed by someone who isn't considered a terrorist?
if it was an attempt at non-political mass murder, or criminal retribution or fraud
happy birthday ate nicey !!! more bdays and blessings to come. god bless u always! hope to see you soon po
soon salamat
ur prob isn't w/ orthodoxy or racism -real or exaggerated. it's that when you're a liberal hammer everything looks like a nail
: unever hear dissenting views,bc they probably avoid racists.i dont eat@ a house where they use word schvartze.i eat alone alot
emergency alert sent about 'suspicious package' on west 27th st. b/w 6th &amp; 7th aves.
de bladio is a putz. of course it's terrorism. criminals don't bomb innocents.... terrorists do
crime is defined by legit action. those who can expend energy in a legit way to get material access are not criminals
tell me more about this
remember guys, what's worse than the terrorist attacks themselves are those islamophobic bigots that expected it to happen.
no... no that not worse
can't wait
thinking it's either glen or him
if you can name which literary masterpiece i'm secretly referencing without googling it, you can have my marriage certificate.
imogene's antlers was the correct answer, but no one guessed. :-(
confession time? here's what i got a curious creator i~open~sourced a-plot a private dic~tator now d.n.a. calls the shot(s)
*i noticed, one's who claim everything is predestined, &amp; we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the street.* -the bfg
wait my mom sent this to me tonight...be careful!!!
now, so i'm praying there is nothing else
jaws 2 is pretty good so far
i take this back, everything after the first jaws has been complete ass
i just put this fake septum on and i kinda liked how it looked.. should i get my septum pierced??
should i get my septum pierced
what's a sunday funday anyways. can't relate
haha same, i'm hella salty about it too
lmfaooo she's ways taller than him
im so tight can u guys stop messing up my dreams, he can gain weight and hit a growth spurt trust mi
: i have no idea what so special about this damn thing. waiting for all my music to download
i'm hoping that after this restore &amp; full night on wifi + locked all my photos will come back. good luck to you!
you don't bring a dog to a bomb site, what is the matter with you
im a ny'er we go where we want in manhattan. you'll never scare the word, it rules all
media more disgusted with saying it was a bomb then the actual bombing.they are disguising!
im not media - i'm more disgusted with trump than just about anything. . .including the explosion. . .
this is how i go over my notes when i'm asked to speak for the first time in the same place my...
i see dad behind you.
media and liberals have no problem calling voters names but refuse to say anything negative about terrorists!
trump &amp; some of his followers have a close cooperation with isis.
"there are a lot of boxes on the streets of nyc, any one of them could have an explosive device in them". no stfu "analyst"
scary stuff
ugh. there is no historic character of the van ness corridor to protect ... except for maybe tommy's joynt.
just down throw away the poles. we can use them here or other projects. but don't hold up this needed transit
we were at the mets. didn't even know about explosion till we got home, because we didn't bring our phones.
missed calling free essentially.. denied me the screenshot!
happy birthday ate nicey!! enjoy your day po and god bless
thank you god bless u din
seen both live now. she kinda wins...
but barely?
yeah they made a better choice too
three guys and twenty-five girls
not my circus, not my clowns. let's see your attitude end of season. show your tkts
how about after the rams get crushed tomorrow
oh and now i'm stuck in this elevator
never. go. in. that. elevator.
did i discredit the mets?
every win counts. they all add up.
our birthday tomorris big fella. you early
i'm smacked, please excuse me
i was thinking the same thing.
i'm hella gay for british people. that accent &lt;3
dead ass just found a pug on my street and luckily i found its owner and he said he'll hook it up with a beer next time he see me
we should've adopted the pug and named him lucky :(
i finished a page of my paper, twitter break :)
lmao twitter break i love it
gonna be annoying whn he's 265-2 instead of 264-3 at half
are both of you fading eli? i'm on the train just wanna make sure
did you listen to your president tonight? polls are going to change on monday
block omg..another hillbot thanks to all those celeb fundraisers! this is how she makes jobs
yeah , i was just disappointed lol, &amp; don't worry about it hun i've been called worse
yeah the movie was pretty dumb but i started laughing at times lol and aww sorry to hear that :/
raekwon mcmillan holds a fan's "basic defense" sign after the game, mocking sooners qb austin kendall's remarks.
but not nearly as gansta as stealing sign at
i am convinced she's a goddess
and i am convinced you are a god jorge
don't take it personal if i've blocked a friend, but this is my choice to decide for myself having seen what i have.
weeding them out is an art. not all cartoon profile pics belong to these people, but these people all have cartoon profile pics
nyc mayor "there is no credible threat against the city at this moment!"
they fiddle while america burns.... but no threat of terrorism. ugh
ooh yes please!
i really need to save up so i can go to coachella with y'all next year!!!
yeah they made a better choice too
i'm thinking they made the right decision
yea i just started dragon ball, ima watch dbz after
oh ok. better late than never huh.
it's so crazy! but it's so fake too.
looool everyone looks like they've read and memorized a script.
so i found out one of my doctors is also an oncology professor
i wonder if me being a patient at ucsf would help me get in there (assuming i went pre med and applied)
oh. i'm committing a sin by forcefully challenging exaggerated, unfair public statements. cute.
u're committing a sin by being close-minded, uneducated &amp; not acknowledging the truth. racism and birthers are both rampant.
happy birthday po ! god bless po :)
salamat n god bless u too
if you can name which literary masterpiece i'm secretly referencing without googling it, you can have my marriage certificate.
imogene's antlers was the correct answer, but no one guessed. :-(
clinton crowd begs: four more years!
not 4 more minutes! her husband has brought this country down economically and on the world stage! bye bye obamas
these were rather tasty.
easy to find. get the silicone ones!
disturbing to see so many eager for the explosion to be an act of terror or done by muslim to rationalize hate &amp; advance politics.
i haven't seen that - and i live 5 blocks away - not on social or irl
this is nuts how can uber do this? and i'm sure they donate to hillary lol
. whether they do or do not, that's not the case here. totally disgusting of them.
it's time to get sloppy
screenshot this time
i'm at the level of comfort w my friends where i can say, "i'm going to go poop brb" and they'll say "ok, we'll pause the movie."
i appreciate that.
imo the singapore gp would become must see tv if they turned the two hairpin turns in the center into a figure 8
who says no? *hides manual on driver safety*
first-time paralympic medalists doerr, freund &amp; kendell won today!
congratulations!
quite a few. mountain view, menlo park, millbrae, burlingame, etc... problem is the contracts don't expire until 2034.
it would be so californian for water to be the driver behind unifying (by force) the bay area under one administration
we're here to help! question, comment, or concern? tweet at or contact us via 'help' in your app.
very bad services @
greg schiano was "tremendously successful at rutgers" according to fox sports broadcasters.
one win away from .
cnn speculating this was anti-gay hate crime similar to olympic park bomber
shouldn't speculate, report facts!
best player on ur team is eminence...
hey man appreciate it.
i can understand that. but to me regardless of motive an act of terror is the intent to harm/scare others
there is no one definition of terrorism true but most include broader around behind just scaring or injuring people
i'd be down for helping out if you need some things done. studied print based journalism!
cool, i'm just gonna need you to write a novel for me, mmkay?
remember guys, this woman once out drank john mccain
she looks tired and sick to me (pneumonia, remember?) and she's flying, which isn't always good for people with blood clots.
i've heard at least three men say "iud explosion" tonight
that sounds... worse
to be fair they could have just scheduled better opponents. doesn't seem like they were looking all that hard, really.
who? the new ad or the coach who wasn't here when it was scheduled?
back back at it with the umg competitive gaming
let's play for money . well blow the earning on hoes
"it's been an amazing games so far, i couldn't be more proud of myself."
way to go! congtatulations
it would be a lot harder to blame muslims for terrorism if they stopped blowing people up
more muslims killed by terrorism than any other group. seems odd to blame victims of crime for the acts of criminals.
the one time josh comes to waterloo it costs him 150$ and a beer
both of u reach columbia
jessia walked by the pressure cooker bomb twice tonight. she is out of the city and safe
i was over there today too, crazy
that was over an hour ago in colorado.
excuse me? what on earth are you talking about
currently watching jordan try to open our bottle of wine with our cheap ass wine cork we bought that broke
*update* has only gotten half of it out
lib. go ahead a vote for cliton
what? are you dumb? keep assuming or thinking you know me stupid.
yeaa my childhood consisted of naruto and spongebob, crazy part is i aint even finished naruto
yea naruto got like a shitload of episodes. i'm not fucking with it.
my birthday is the death day
well you cause death to those u touch :p
so stevie, you're 100% positive there was a political factor in this attack?! or are you going to....
my false assumption was that you were partisan. my original post was violent terrorism not just political
the canon timeline...
i'll reset this timeline as many times as necessary...!
on right now. glad you're okay!
thanks! home safe and sound.
imo the singapore gp would become must see tv if they turned the two hairpin turns in the center into a figure 8
basically, what i'm trying to say is that f1 should take a page out of mario kart's playbook
shit gets boring tho
it didnfor me at first. but now, 3 years later.... i'd much rather be home
remember guys, this woman once out drank john mccain
(i say this as someone with a similar blood clot.) she's been criticized so much - do we have to call her an alcholic too?
oh good! yea the dr yesterday was so confused on why i was put on it in the first placei slept from 7pm to 5am
oh damn, that's sketch. who gave it to you?
not cool if this is true
. it is true. i myself tried to get a car from downtown.
but why would trump go to flint and not mention water crisis? that's like giving speech at ground zero w/o mentioning 9/11.
he did mention water crisis
dan just said "howdy" to me and frankly i'm in love
nevermind he stopped replying to me
maybe you eat alone a lot because ppl object when u use legit concerns to vilify them en masse? seems unpleasant. just saying.
i'm the one turning down invitations. food prepared by racists is not kosher in my book. .
think i'm going to print out this tweet and hang it on my wall! thanks, man!
save the paper for your next book, brother. all you need is a mirror, not a print out and thank you for that fact.
it wasnt that great last year at least idk ab this years though
oh it looks lit for a homecoming dance tho
who has the best hair?
this has nothing to do with chelsea omfg. delete!! i live in chelsea and this shit is no joke dude. not funny.
update: second possible device found is a pressure cooker.
not terrorists cause bank robbers always use pressure cookers! ha
fuck that puto
fuck that bitch ass motherfucker
is bringing home sitting volleyball ! way to go, ladies!
what a beautiful group. proud of you all. what an amazing team
liberal gymnastics: dosen't want to say "no links to islamic terror" so he says "this is intentional but not related to terror"
or was advised by fbi and homeland security to await further evidence before declaring it terrorism.
too spicy for me
my friend luisa hates spicy stuff
foh i said you hit a growth spurt and you said "screw you"
ill make dua he glo's up vertically, and until then, keep flourishing both of u and make my dreams tru
according to - two sources say surveillance video shows someone coming up to dumpster and dropping something in it.
screenshot of declaring is a straight neighborhood, hence not a hate crime?
and the plan is to fight ggg when he's 37.
..nah we will it see it september in 2017 guaranteed. this is what my inside sources tell me
i took a picture of the cat taking a dump next to my desk after the computer started up again, but i'm not tweeting it out of courtesy.
what kind of cat?
oh for fuck's sake. now she's supposed to apologize for acting like an adult? get bent.
while trump calls gates goofy and dowd wacky....one candidate is presidential, one is a freaking child.
idk why i bitched to you about this but thx.
look i feel this there are people staring at me waking
an intentional act of violence isn't terrorism?
*whispers* only if they're confirmed to be dark skinned...
it's an app you can get it on your phone!
thank you!!
it means the suspects are not muslim. terrorism is only when muslims involved
it's playing politics with people's lives. i detest the game
i can't wait to watch this but i have a feeling i'm going to feel crippled after watching it
watched it last night many tears were shed can't begin to imagine how it would affect u. also bittersweet w/hope courage love
what dies that mean
it means they are still investigating.
it's kind of weird how when there's a possible terrorist act we've somehow become conditioned to call it anything but that...
yup. pc crud! disgusting!
you don't bring kids or children to an active bomb site you stupid asshole
i do as i please.
i really do get what you mean and there's a broader scope to it, but the intent is how i look at it
we don't know the intent though
goodnight sis and the sweetest of dave dreams to all !! feel better !!
thanks paula!!
so the 29 injuries in were all muslims?
don't be obtuse, you know what i was talking about.
sending good vibes to your bro
thank u
sounds like supply and demand to me.
. sounds like you have no idea what you are talking about.
did an investigator on scene call trump before they told anyone else? (3)
very strange. why would he announce that to the audience.
in celebration of our milestone... take a look at our new official jerseys! free shipping worldwide!!
that semc logo tho
i'm adding "eating truck stop bananas at 80mph" to my special skills section on linkedin.
umm i didn't know you were into that
wtf is wrong with people man smdh
selfishness. that is the best answer i can give while having no context or idea of what person or incident you are referring to.
y u have to be mad
so much for just fun &amp; games. :s
lmfaaaao it's all love though
yess it sure is all love lol
eminem is one of the greatest of all time get the facts right
wth fool gtfo
mann like shippuden a lone is more episodes than the original!' i think lmao
naruto "she pootin" got me all the way fucked up.
rudys gonna be attorney general in january.
nope. trump has already picked trey gowdy for ag
"i trapped him"
"i took the key from your truck you don't know"
too excited. can't sleep.
go to pf changs
my mom wouldve been like hajde ktu njera and wouldve beat my ass lmao
"tash po kaldza un ty i think the fuck not mir"
i'm more likely to fade odell than eli
same ok i'm sharper than i thought
i'm adding "eating truck stop bananas at 80mph" to my special skills section on linkedin.
i think that means something very different in the circles i travel in...
only sports journalists would complain about free beer.
i didn't complain! my mentions people did
i haven't bought anything new in a while. now that you mention it.
what check out d generation local boys from nyc
peacefully eating dinner in madison square park &amp; there was a huge explosion on 23rd &amp; 6th
you guys are only like 4 hours late on the report...no big deal tho
the frontlines, i've been in prayer n ceremony for our water. camp is beyond words, amazing beautiful people united
i am so heartened by the unity. long time coming.
but why would trump go to flint and not mention water crisis? that's like giving speech at ground zero w/o mentioning 9/11.
block another hillbot ...do your homework ...
jerry colonna and bob hope on hope's nbc radio program, 1940
it was jerry's birthday on the 18th.
fair enough. for record, i was on the don't-hire-helf train fwiw. curious though, why do you still support?
i say that in light of like pretty singularly based faults today and in other times. and i say this fully knowing chip's negs
doctors help woman 10 years after her face was injected with cement
never ideal to have cement injects into ones face
great meeting you tonight
that shirt is golden
thinking about buying fade in. anyone use it? better/worse than final draft?
funny. i just downloaded the demo. seems pretty sweet. it's crisp. clean. seems just as powerful. and the price... i may switch.
you can dislike dowd, cnn or gates and still acknowledge this is insane behavior for a person running for president.
but he's gonna be "the most presidential" president who ever presidented!!
i need to stop taking them lol i want to finish this paper
tbh i say you just go hard and knock this sucker out
stay safe han, imy ily
i'm safe! just scary... love you!!
interesting, kind of reminds me of a campaign you are part of.
. you're a fool! wrong time to be a wise ass
please let me go home, i'm very sick
r u ok? are they holding you hostage???? send signal you it need help
tekserve, precursor to the apple store, to close after 29 years
thanx and this is truly sad - love that store and the people and service i'd get - sad to see it go.
doesn't need to be an international group to be terrorism. idk what the difference is between intentional and terror honestly
intentional just means it was meant to be a bomb. but not every bomb is terrorism. the motive matters
you had to get a haircut and refocus
see jus when we was starting to rekindle
excuse me? what on earth are you talking about
i'm guessing you weren't trying to be rude, so i'll phrase my response less rudely. already?
*i noticed, one's who claim everything is predestined, &amp; we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the street.* -the bfg
[intimidation] confession time? here's what i got a curious creator i~open~sourced a-plot a private dic~tator now we call the shot(s).
plz don't get blown up. also get yr train.
lol guess who's on the wrong fuckin side of town wish me life friends
bud light is hardly beer, ryan i bet their staff is not as nice...
security staff was way better here. lol
these people are giving a bad name. they're to be used for
make a great .
a much needed laugh. peter, we worked half a block from the pressure cooker.
yup, i remember walking from the 1 stop at 28th st, right next to fit, to the office. is national memo still there?
bro i was cross faded and you know it. of your nasty ass bong!!!
don't talk about my baby like that lil bitch
kill all the magic, i'm a big boy who can stand to look through stuff and see how it really works
i agree. it amazes me when i work with devs would are terrified to actually look at the code.
i'm gonna assume the public placement of bombs had the intent of harming people. especially once one goes off
harming people doesn't always mean terrorism
yeah this explosion is a big deal but this doesn't feel like being under attack. first responders just diligent.
can't repost this too often: breaking news disaster handbook.
looking forward to your super work!
what a year candace cable! congratulations
then why are you shocked at how the city does not stop for anything, except 9-11?
i'm not shocked at all. i said it's the only place in the us that happens.nothing about that tweet conveyed shock or surprise
1) the contracts expire in 2034. 2) congress could take hetch hetchy away from sf if we strong-armed cities over water.
the federal politics are the kicker. i wonder if 2034 or an urban-minded federal govt will come first
hahah yes i know exactly what you mean! like damn i waited so long for u why u disappoint ?!
at first it's fine but then i always go overboard
obama: trump missed history lessons on slavery and jim crow
.any u missed complete semester on telling truth.shame
and do what, exactly?
something. pass a federal law against something already illegal, preferably named after a child victim
on : all terrorists gunned down firing subsides army mopping up area 'heavy casualties' suffered by army esp in initial burst
how heavy were the casualties?
kill all the magic, i'm a big boy who can stand to look through stuff and see how it really works
i agree. it amazes me when i work with devs who are terrified to look at the code.
you have a good ability to troll, have you considered joining the rice marching band?
that was epic. so stanfordish
goodnight everybody. hope everyone had a good day. sleep well. god bless. one love. be cool
u too have a blessed night its time the home opener enjoy go steelers
colin powell says israel has 200 nukes pointed at iran in leaked 2015 email message
one should hope this is not a justification for doing the crummy iran deal
harming people doesn't always mean terrorism
could be a crazy person. it may turn out to be terrorism but we don't know yet
everyone is so fake where my real friends at
it's us against the world
congrats girly
thank you
today jayde stopped in the middle of her soccer game, closed her eyes and wished for the ball to go in the goal
so cute! i hope that she's enjoying soccer! good luck soccer mom
syrian refugee musicians sell out shows in germany...
i wish there was a video of the performance.
no its not its in ur chest u moron
bruh they are song lyrics u moron
yes- said bomb also! and she looked bombed when she said it.
or is so sick that she belongs in a hospital, but would rather give up her health than her campaign.
it's a demand control mechanism that guarantees quality of service. there aren't unlimited cars.
. there are allegedly over 40k active drivers. pitch in during a time of crisis. not profit from it.
wait seriously who's that pokemon?
my money's on goldeen
ayooooooo he not fucking around
sean just want peace. just checked his ig
it does, refresh rate and color contrast still best on crt. records provide nothing of value.
i thought mlg enjoys games without input lag because that's how much of a dominating beast he is
you knew what i meant as well.
your post generalized muslims=terrorists, not just tonight in chelsea. you're being obtuse.
i'm extremely suspicious of trump now.
-i am suspicious of trump, and even more suspicious of some of his international friends!
lol i miss you too i haven't seen you since we almost got killed together
listen..that event is unspeakable
either ill or medicated. could be just the pneumonia.
yes prolonged pneumonia.
calls a bomb. then prompted by liberal journo to slam trump for saying "bomb", obliges.
she say i have been briefed regarding the bombings in nj ny and minnesota two faced lacky's do the devils bidding
on this flight and ready to take off...and sleep! see u in the morning nyc!!! i'll be performing...
have a safe flight see you tomorrow
some of the more memorable moments from new york fashion week
nty doesn't report on instead they report on degenerates.sad!
goody for you. aren't you special? i don't let racist statements go unchallenged in my presence either. do you want a cookie?
i want u 2 deal w a serious topic in a serious manner w/o insults. i want u 2 invite this discussion 2 ur radio show. u won't.
can-hell-no: mexican sends brit smith home with an l -
smith goes back to liverpool with a bruised face and internals but more respect from americans who figured he'd fold up by the fifth.
i work in chelsea. my train stop is 23rd and 8th. nyc always feels so small when stuff like this happens.
glad you're safe boo!
as in it's always time to dance, take the spirit of the games with you
wonderful news
drove past levi's and started crying bc i'm missing beyonc
i was planning on doing that after practice
what does it mean 'it's an intentional act-- but not terrorism'? what's the criteria?
unfortunately, according to law enforcment, it's only not terrorism when the perpetrator is white.
d-don't use my lines!
one day...in that brilliant future...
pitch: an ailing edgar allan poe teams with a 14yr old mark twain to solve a series of murders in 1848 baltimore.
awesome idea. my mind reflexively imagined a zodiac-ish dynamic with poe (a la downey) drinking himself to death. too dark?
when did i ask you to call her an alcoholic? also wtf does tolerance have to do with diagnosing addiction?
sorry if i misunderstood. but saying she looked like she had a lot of drinks and "outdrank john mccain" seems to suggest...
heard my husband's battalion in was attacked by 4 millitant who now got killed but our unit also lost few lives. my prayers with them
hope there is peace between all sides of this conflict
letting us know about a terror attack is a matter of safety, not a time to be worried about political consequence.
you already seem to know, so what exactly do you want the mayor to help you with?
smith goes back to liverpool with a bruised face and internals but more respect from americans who figured he'd fold up by the fifth.
he won some portions of rounds only when decided to rest or work in his d on the ropes.
i saw the trio version play a free show 4 uc berkeley students last year. sounded good, but i think i prefer bonus entertwining s
... or "intertwining". something like that
idk why ward vs kovalev isn't as crazy big as ggg vs canelo, same concept going on there
ward doesn't carry international. can't even sell out in hometown, which is sad.
don't test me boy, i'm like about to get big and famous and shit
u best b rememberin me when u get soundcloud famous
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
i am sending my happy birth day card for you mrs. hillary. i am always supporting you.
i think we're struggling with the idea of the term terrorism and i respect your resistance to attach the word to it automatically
we have to be precise with definitions because it's such an emotionally charged word
explosive devices in nyc. presidential race comes into sharp focus.
because nobody in nyc was paying attention before now
putting up a picture of a trash can getting run over by a car and saying rapper wale involved in accident.
lmfaoooo! that's cold blooded!
don't test me boy, i'm like about to get big and famous and shit
wait.. u already are soundcloud famous
i forgot how much i enjoyed covering songs lmao
still waiting for my cover
shrooms + spinach chicken(v) fettuccine w/ tomato basil sauce
which kind?
you be the best damn goofy sports fan you can be haha! i'm all good thankyou
thanks. i'd be a fucking reckless mess if i acted this way for all sports. :d
new wheelchair lets you cruise through town standing. | via
looks amazing
when did i ask you to call her an alcoholic? also wtf does tolerance have to do with diagnosing addiction?
...that she might have a drinking problem. there is a lot to criticize about clinton but i don't think the way the media...
media have learned: do not let voters see the candidate! that could be dangerous.
good call! b.o. college grants stated he was a foreign student qualifying him for more money. no honesty!
can't repost this too often: breaking news disaster handbook.
i'd add we're always more @ risk frm texting drivers than exploding dumpsters,but trump~
"biff" is my country club name.
will change mine to 'sport' if i ever actually go to a country club. did caddy at one during misspent youth. gt's good!
when you message your friend to tell her you're having kuita for lunch and auto correct changes it to kubuta
bu ! funny i also said the same thing to my cous this afternoon, wanted to say sivia na kana &amp; instead said sivia na kaba
homey 1st to report bombing was a possible !
i'm johnny on the spot
look what i found
yessss those were the best
aren't all intentional acts of violence on innocents terrorism?
no. terrorism employs violence for expressly political aims. boston? aurora? orlando? sandy hook?
be safe always hun. always be alert. someone was watching over me tonight. xo
you be safe as well. not a fan of fear taking hold in our city again.
oh my god please be careful!! i'm praying for you guys!!
thank you it means a lot!
i fucking hate this movie, but parts of it are so damn good.
well he was literally making it up as he went along. showed up each morning with that days script.
saaaame, and then semi regret it lol
i'm like curled up right now regretting it all haha but worth it at the same time
gee thanks for the invite!! haha
there were actually two of us who aren't married... or i guess now three of us! ha!
drake been fufu since take care stole the whole track from jamie xx n gil scott heron
shit is crazy tht the majority of new hip hop fans dnt care. meek thought that exposing him would be a tko and it wasnt. dif era
interesting cast for oceans 14
no mind of his own
son u hype for the weak highlight
why he up 16 ra???
you're playing dumb. he's saying there is no link to islamic terrorism. u know that, so why play dumb?
he said twas intentional but not a terrorist act i have no clue the motive but if intentional it was terrorism
is this not illegal
. it should be and our ag should be all over this! it's plain wrong watching people on street trying to hail cars for a ride!
maybe not every year. but please look at each sport a decade ago.
no one even retired from cod is out of their prime. washed players in real sports is cause of age or injury most the time.
and on a stretch of city block with very little foot traffic at this hour. rt
not all of these guys are smart.
50,488 tonight, and the is loaded ... in more ways than one.
more than 10,000 empty seats?
just in case someone is wondering what happened after louis' warning selfie
may i ask what is a warning selfie? sorry, not used to this
easy to find. get the silicone ones!
we ordered one from amazon already. btw, gary said no silicone! i didn't ask why though.. why not silicone ones?
and i was referring to people on the internet, like you and the media, downplaying it. . not the officials.
urging people to be patient is not the same as dismissing a threat. again, recent history teaches us this fact.
over like britney career. but i swear on mine it says 5 seasons.
oh... then you gotta wait for season 6. but glee is really over. the series ended last year
either ill or medicated. could be just the pneumonia.
see even scott is fully awake&amp;alert to answer any calls in times like this!
i'm stuck on the side of the road waiting for the homies to come through with an air compressor to inflate this tire lolol
damn so much bad luck with tires lol jeeze
yummm -- that looks like an a+ brunch! do you treat yourself to brunch every weekend?
i certainly try!! i love trying new places and i like brunch to be my weekly splurge :)
lol haha naw we gotta go out together again
that's a thing
chokers &gt; everything
i've ridden subway for 30 years. never met anyone dressed like this
when did i ask you to call her an alcoholic? also wtf does tolerance have to do with diagnosing addiction?
...and social media outlets are looking for reasons to criticize her because of institutional sexism in the u.s., sadly.
create your own rap group, only choose four. who do you have?
cube pac dre snoop, idk i'd call it like nwa or something.
so like does anyone want to hmu to help me get out of being bored??
no, no one wants to help you
stay safe friends and distant strangers! ny
whaaat? me? never...
this is a rice cooker
pressure cooker bombs
they hate white champions.
..this is true
doing an unfollow spree like this to keep the mutual!!
doing this soon
this is an elegant self drag because i just don't have the legs for them... it's just not realistic
do the half calfs that's what i have !!
i loved the hand as a kid! just had no idea the director went on to such renown.
ps the thing we're now trying to do to mame you would find hilarious (goal is better speed and performance)
trying to decide if i track into the city for 8am and the bridge run in the morning. or just got in at noon for my first meeting.
my money is on noon
so glad you weren't anywhere near there. took nearly 3 hrs to get home. subways were on lock down. took a cab.
i was in long island at my cousin's wedding. heard abt while i was there. was glued to my phone getting updates.
who you got? canelo/ggg?
..coin flip
or you can always buy fresh ingredients from mercados:
thanks! i ll have a look. i'm not worried about groceries, mostly for places to eat out :)
bc ur part of the institutional problem. ur among the major jewish institutions, whereyou guys are blind to this. i pity u
.h deny it.u don't confront it.racism is rampant.&amp;u do know it's rampant.u won't speak out against the racist on ur radio show.
elvis signing autographs on a boys head, 1959.
per the multiverse theory, there are an infinite possible versions of elvis, one for each parallel universe.
me when i'm offered tequila
aye that's &amp;
thanks love bug. when we hoopin?
whenever man. ian, jeremy and i played a couple games today.
today was truly great thank you guys for coming and twitterless mirka
today was honestly such a great/ funny/ crazy day thanks for inviting me
alright. i did it. here you go - want to submit a pic of your own? shoot me a dm!
i shall keep my eye out...
if only america was respectful and safe as it were in those days.
with vietnam just around the bend.
thanks ty. i read pour your head into it but not the 2nd. i'm going to finish house of morgan and then we'll see whatsup ;-)
awesome - crazy to think a buiness with such low margins is now a $85b entity!
shall i show you to the door
come one she's basically anne hathaway
you can go police language elsewhere. i criticize everyone and you're not changing that.
i'm sorry that you think i "police language." i don't think this exchange is going anywhere.
indiecindy: tfw youre sad and horny and the restaurant staff can tell newsfeed_kyle: haha nice. where are you right now
cindy please send feet pictures dms are open sweetie xx
thank you mom i hope i made you proud
you make me proud every day
. hating on a lawyer for his salary is like living in chicago &amp; hating cops someday ur gonna need 'em
. you can't be rational with a . just block him.
where did you get lost?
that i'm anti books for requesting common sense i got lost in not knowing these things were mutually exclusive
that was the last cyph of the night w2mommy
you dead lying cus you about to smoke again when you get home
all major world cities i have been to have a similar dynamic. tokyo, shanghai, etc.. but i can't speak for all of them..
right, which is why i added us. obviously there are other countries where explosions are even common-place.
c++11 super productive and fast. at this layer want no gc for better tail latency. ntwrk/sys/apps alrdy confusing.
is c++ standard for performant backend stuff there?
bahahahahahahha auto correct shows the "prominent" word in your fone dictionary
ferk outta here well it could mean alot of things like kaba katubaleka *smh
whenever man. ian, jeremy and i played a couple games today.
gotta get on too. the whole crew
is it really that common in japan?
yes. very common. every toilet is a heated toilet in japan, more or less.
... you throwing up from drinking sex on the beach
yesss at my grandma's party &amp; they have an open bar
that's how i won the legend of kage world championship that i hosted myself and only i attended
i knew it!! frame perfect shuriken deflections on a crt i should have known
only problem don is when cash is used - you would then have to track to security cameras to purchase transactions 1 frame/3 sec
a solvable problem but i would use ai photo scanning stuff from places like or to crunch images
it literally took me 20 mins to understand that commercial
i laugh everytime lol
terror attack at army base in jammu and kashmir's uri, gunbattle on via
looks like up to 9 and counting indian troops killed in the attack
i would rly like to do an interview on psych meds and the creative process
who would you wanna talk to?
intentional does not equal terrorism. we kinda went over this already.
yeah this is where we need agree to disagree so i can go to bed
is this your first time to new york?!? also you should try julianna's pizza
it is! i'll add that to my list
such a deep song and sad :/
yeeess omg the meaning is just
now im outside, will be back to mosh for your set
wait 8 was just out there wya
gee thanks for the invite!! haha
my sis &amp; i are owners of the building &amp; it was a networking event so only people who work w/ us were invited! next time!
102.5, 107.9, uhh...103.5? i've got a bad memory
you got it rick. add 105.1 and 96.9 and you're good to go
gn &amp; gb
gn &amp;gb (:
ok i see everyone's point...but all have the choice to use/not use the service. if not happy with $ don't use uber
. except during times of crisis, people on the street are scared and want to get home.
trump claims new york explosion is a bomb without confirmation
is this enough confirmation?
a federal govt that hates cities could also be useful - curtail local power and grant states more direct authority.
yeah. i'm kinda more optimistic about changing ca policy for people&amp;environ than federal in near term cc
good conversation and drinks with and tonight. thanks for the invite.
thanks for joining! and can't forget :)
will larry ever come out?
will someone ever man up &amp; own up to their feelings for me? the answer is no
thank god he was holding that shit
lmfaoo this waste man got charged
people say the funniest things when their scared
"tweaker" "chill fam" "i see you don't scream at me"
looking forward to tomorrow. getting to sleep early for the important fest, i mean race.
same here...oh wait, it's nearly 2am. bad night to start watching .
the us admits mistakenly killing syrian soldiers instead of isis. that us-russia ceasefire deal is not going well.
so syria and russia mistakingly kill syrian civilians and us rebel allies in syria as well
bc ur part of the institutional problem. ur among the major jewish institutions, whereyou guys are blind to this. i pity u
even the same rav spoke out against the racism against obama: guess he is a jack ass too!?!?
"it's time for tv news to stop playing the stooge for donald trump" by
ha ha too smart for you people out foxed you again!!
i'm johnny on the spot
now leave it up to you 2 to find the declaration that iz not frequented by !
yeah shit blew my mind thas how u know the game is fraud. i jus wish the nigga gave credit where its due
i thought drake was finished after that
hired goons (at the request of hillary) to intimidate bill's victims.
death hasn't slowed down hitch one little bit :-)
yeeaaaaa, that's what i figured.
oh oops getting my convo streams crossed lol
i was walking down that block just last night. this means nothing but is still weird.
glad you guys are ok!
carl, was the question whether law could've continued into the 9th? or generally use him in the 9th?
bochy said he hadn't pitched enough since coming off dl to go into a 2nd inning. law did give up 2 deep fly outs. not sizzling.
haha i hear ya but hey you earned it, treat yoself and then sleep it off if you can
thankyou i will
didn't hillary clinton just take 4 days off? surprised they paraded her out looking like she hasn't slept in a week.
plane trips make me sleepy
that was very dark
i was feeling shady
i :heart: horror. phantasm is my movie tonight!
ooo haven't seen it! let us know how it is.
every photo has the gps coordinates stamped into the file - are there any pictures on the camera phone same can be done with
other phones to track time and who was where and when - use a big brain from to dig in
the post-show beytrain departs approx 75 mins after end of show from mv to sf.
now you've called it the "beytrain", your conductors need to put up signs reflecting this.
that was very dark
had a little too much to drink today at the wedding, hence why i never replied
everyone on facebook is like 'i was getting a lot of texts so just fyi i'm safe' and i have 0 texts
youlll get more texts if you post on facebook
watch stealthfangyt on twitch! come on through a. support
thanks again and glad you enjoyed the stream!
is it true rhino will be back on sept 20??
no. where did you hear that?
and how do you know it's not just because it's saturday night and people are heading home from the bars and theaters?
. because two devices exploded and a third is being reported found...that's why!
you might have just created a sniglet.
habitual de lo rich hall, y'all (i think said that ... or percy pharell )
have a good night stevie.
likewise..i enjoyed sparring with you
this is the worst thing facebook has ever done
not as bad as read receipts tbh
live on : testing periscope on at disney
it is real clear
don't leave out the actual best team in louisville
lamar jackson will be both teams qb in that game. boom problem solved
um didn't they use pressure cookers in the boston "terrorist" attack?? yeah, totally unreasonable to think this is terrorism
nobody said that, but people want the fbi, homeland security, and the mayor to label it before it's been confirmed.
this would be so dope lol
i think i did that at
when ur camera roll is all and u rip to my storage
when our friendship is lyf and we have to document every moment
allowed a steal which put tying run in scoring position.
and nearly decapitated grichuk with his first pitch to him.
every photo has the gps coordinates stamped into the file - are there any pictures on the camera phone same can be done with
given the # of cameras in use in it is statistically impossible to not have a picture of who left the packages
missing my bb, come home so we can rule the world again
we're still ruling the world even if i'm on the other side of the country
i believe that.
dead ass tried to tell shorty but she had on a mystic special showing the tags i couldn't save her
"but both candidates used similar wording to describe the explosion."
clinton democrats weak! we're under attack!
hey check this out
don't worry! we will kick him to there very soon!
i'm too mad to sleep. since cys is over. streaming here in a few.
damn, over already? so much for my fighting chance to make it there!
what do girls wear to hoco??
dick me down shorts
enough of this shit. quit letting the fucking dems destroy this fucking country.
your 'dems' had less than nothing to do with an ied attack.
wcw just didn't know what they had w/ rey
marketing was terrible..
drew kaser: "one game cannot define who i am, and one game cannot define who this team is."
no but 8 division losses in a row ....
of course, not.
more "icon soup" in itunes as well:
nothing is more precious than being in the present moment... live a positive contemporary life...
beautiful dear friend. have a wonderful sunday
makes everything look easy
and santiago casilla is the exact opposite. he makes everything difficult
absolutely! i'll meet you there towards the end?
sure sounds good see u tomorrow
i'm not going to make it. go cal
hang in there.
every photo has the gps coordinates stamped into the file - are there any pictures on the camera phone same can be done with
look at my photo - it was rasterized. a photo was scanned and converted. just do the same in reverse. simple.
: thanks to all you guys that subbed modern rogue's new channel. : wanna join our clubhouse, too?
i just noticed that is your only mod. i look forward to him dispensing his brand of stoic justice.
if it was an organized terrorist group the targets would be areas that would maximize deaths
it's next to a path train, possibly more than one bomb. this has to be terrorism.
i'm stuck with the lesser of two evils, no equals.
your avi is on some next level bruh
typical liberal silliness. you just created a phony side issue to obfuscate your poor behavior. i'm not going to play along.
the fact that you think it's a phony issue shows you're trapped in rw echo room, flat out lying, it purposely covering up.
this has been honestly the worst 3 weeks of my life when will it be over
you just miss me thats what it is
they really playin 21 savage in gen i'm shocked
hey i'm here working tonight!
im boycotting target for showing this disgusting video to the public
omfg give it up... the original make me video is never coming out. apologies to target
i just saw a baby slug and started hyperventilating
why do i have such an irrational fear of slugs
breaking news: : boom sound heard from b/w 6th &amp; 7th on 27th st, possibly controlled explosion.
hey ! i heard 27th between 6th &amp; 7th and i was like...wait..ooh shyte...the world has gone nuts mike...
i suck at music, but today is motion city soundtrack's final day as a band and i'm going to miss them so much
also peep the no makeup and middle school decor
mr cohen if you defend donald chump , you are the last person to say that! # wrongsideofhistory
. so you are the authority now on who one should support and defend?
everybody is drinking tonight and i decided to donate blood so i can't drink for the next 24 hours. well, there's that
yes you can. remember when i donated and drank. you were with me
don't know how i feel about working with all the high schoolers tomorrow
got so used to working with like 5 other explainers
very nice portrait!
i happen to have a very nice date (:
yes. follow your instincts, . to let others run this is to admit you're not good enough. be strong!
-remember trump, you are the best the world has ever seen, or will ever see, follow your instincts to the t.
nothing to be patient about. . . like i said, no one is naming names. history is showing that our leaders don't have urgency.
and i ask you, how do officials defend a nation of 370m against lone wolf attacks, perhaps by american citizens?
it was just a bag of sugar. i'll hold it for you if you'd like :)
lmao no i know my stuff haha.
what i need is a trainer that doesn't let me slack lol
the closest to you is the one i go to but if you want to pay more you can go to a different one
what's the most embarrassing/devastating bug you created that ended up in production?
held on to an abaddressbook reference in the background. could erase your entire address book.
i'm doing it all for you!!
brooo wtf man i had just stoped crying
thanks so much for being with us &amp; for your beautiful words!
it made my night to hear from you - thank you!!
it does feel like the most nyc thing on earth that many i've encountered are mostly irritated with the disruption to their plans
yeah buzz off "illumined" the rest of us are still dealing w/your shi* math from frigin '08
does deruyter get past bartko at the airport?
he's in over his head. no more excuses. 20k next saturday?
react router churn: 0.13 pretty good api 1.0 big changes demanded by community 2.0 small tweaks, *fully b/c* 3.0 non-existent
people still mad about this? i'm stoked about v4. thanks for coming up with best api yet.
always enter the room like a pro wrestler.
i saw him from a short distance at a convention 1-2 yrs b4 he died n regretted not saying hi
that dude wadood
i like him because the ds and os on his back look the same. name could be waoooo
this means i will never get to participate in the chicken racing/breeding mini game. but i will get to do osaka-style manzai comedy at least
then how will you get the best summon?
no. this is not ananthu.. have seen him .. but unable to recall his name
he is ananthu..
honestly the best feeling ever is realizing you're not sad anymore over something you thought you would never get over
what ru talking about
prayers to all those injured in the explosion that happened in the chelsea neighborhood of nyc.
from the people of nyc: thank you.
i made 7 dinosaur chicken nuggets who wants one
i'll trade you one for something
height comparisions, fyi! top row is 5'2, 180#. bottom row is 6' 175. up for auction now-
i'm 65, 240# ... think i'll sit this one out xd
what would you like me to explain to you?
what's the point of living
tim tams are the most overrated biscuit in australia. they just aren't that good.
by all means send yours over here.
hey libtards - keep hugging those bomb makers
what the fuck are you talking about??
the absolutely gorgeous angel bunny in red. happy sunday everyone!
she is so sexy in this set
ohhhhhh don't get that lady started on chem trails.
sometimes the internet is just too dangerous. so many rabbit holes so little time.
now i have 30+ ppl to block
definitely disregarding anything an emo white guy has written on a sign...
gonna miss you brody!! senior year and summer was awesome because of you and the homies
thanks bro ima miss u!
he's in over his head. no more excuses. 20k next saturday?
wouldn't you expect a decent defense each year. he was the dc at a&amp;m after all.
so you're also the one asking for me to fist and piss on them too??
oh @ someone beating me to the punch
a heartfelt thank you to the crew at and . a truly incredible time for an incredible cause.
they're the sweetest bunch of people. all smiles n laughs.
and there he is!!!
roger stone's billboard ad is exceedingly prescient&amp;powerful after tonight!
pont au change bridge and the conciergerie, paris, france. 10/10
magnificent photograph. beautiful destination. happy sunday
if this doesn't fire you up.....
i am always fired up, when it comes to voting!
hmm open the bag and see for yourself. if it does not explode it is safe to steel her money ;)
then it would behoove you to know the riddle of steel, if you don't already.
didn't inflect. fanned out pretty steadily.
noticed you were right on gm back then &amp; thought you might get a kick out of this time cover i have
whenever i start thinking i'm smart i remember it took me until the seventh book to figure out "diagon alley" was a pun.
dammit, i didn't realize it until your tweet. and it took me a minute.
a soberin' thought: trump's missiles would have already struck their targets before officials even determined cause of .
my sister lives in that area
only just hit me that my season is now over, too. damn. wasn't ready for it to end.
a massive thanks to all the support staff, coaches, media relations people, etc. in the cal league this year. 2/
so i'm laying in bed w bella quinn. (that's my dogs name in case y'all didn't know)
and she's laying in the same position for a good 10 min so i thought she was asleep
i couldn't be more excited to get home and watch friends. ross is getting married fam! will rachel hold her tongue ?! !
you sound so excited i hope u enjoyed the episode!
live on : on 27th again. with the robot
thanks for streaming. what're your hearing?
rt if you attempted this when you were younger!
i remember clapping with her when she turns off her lights
unless i missed it, i don't think you've said what routes you'll be taking for your trip back to oakland. people are wondering!
i'm gonna guess lake shore limited to ca zephyr, or are you going through ny/dc? i hope you got a sleeper.
just down throw away the poles. we can use them here or other projects. but don't hold up this needed transit
maybe put them somewhere ppl wld actually notice &amp; appreciate them. never even heard of them &amp; i've lived near vn
aye don't undermine my curious and boundary-breaking thought process
it's funny cus i think imma do just that
yes. follow your instincts, . to let others run this is to admit you're not good enough. be strong!
-a real man doesn't let a little cliff get in his way, he just forges right on!
strictly -the fanciest
strictly- the basicest
you should be able to amend amendments, i don't know...
not only "should you be able to" but it's been done - prohibition and its repeal
cal vs texas = trainwreck but go bears
this is an entertaining game!
don't worry! we will kick him to there very soon!
don't worry! we will kick him out to cerbia very soon!
oh f____! who keeps putting in? this has to stop!
please stop the madness.
this my mf jam
listen. this all me
oooohhhhhh weeeeeeee this game, meek and sean kingston beef is getting crazy right now!!!!!!!!!
they both trash
racism isn't a phony issue at all, u liberal bs'er. it's a serious issue in every part of society. the radio nonsense is phony.
so you're saying racism is a problem in the jewish community? and has to be addressed? you just don't want to address it?
a massive thanks to all the support staff, coaches, media relations people, etc. in the cal league this year. 2/
and a massive thanks to every player who took a couple minutes to chat with me, and trusted me to tell their stories. not taken lightly.
to be fair... how good of a burrito could it have been if it was being made in new york?
more mexicans and eateries now in ny every year, but not the same burritos as here. some decent tacos!
this happened right as i was leaving the stream.
that's awesome and freaky - datamoshed stream ftw. also why aren't i glitched? wahhh.. =p
never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama.
can you just shut up for longer than 12 seconds you big bloated tiny handed manbaby?
man those 5 years off affected him
without question
im not kidding they are perfect matches to me sonically
it's so neat to go downstairs and hear the wild ass sets that contrast so perfectly
hug! live your life. i will not change my routine one bit. didn't after 9/11, not about to now. blessings to you honey.
to you as well sweetie. be safe. much love.
he's a cornball. why you like these cornball ass niggas
look at my last retweet and you will understand why he on meek
maybe put them somewhere ppl wld actually notice &amp; appreciate them. never even heard of them &amp; i've lived near vn
u don't enjoy street lamps or fine urban details from inside a metal box traveling 30 mph?
you roll up
ok break up the weed thats why i bought you a grinder sorry my caps is on and im to lazy to change it and rewrite this lol
what is wrong with her
why am i just now seeing this and why did my bf like it and not mention it to me
this is fine, brother, right?! we're still comfy!!
cute. that's my son and daughter also sleeping like that lol
and a massive thanks to every player who took a couple minutes to chat with me, and trusted me to tell their stories. not taken lightly.
and one more thank you to for allowing me to nerd out on minor leaguers all year. can't wait for more with y'all.
that's how you feel about yourself sus ?
ctfu you know me well
reckless, dangerous idiot . wait at least for confirmed reports from authorities.
this was confirmed by mayor deblasio
is he supposed to say "fuck your loss"? i'm confused
its "sorry for your loss" not "lost"
my favorite part of coffee from dunkin' donuts is 30 minutes after you buy it when you can finally take a sip without 3rd degree burns.
wish we had dunkin do its on west coast
i thought you said you didn't and i had a fit
i must've made that up. and i apologize
"once upon a time there was a beautiful vampire, who found a cuddly bunny, hopping happily thru the auvergne..."
just listened to that chapter. poor bunny and bambi
got an emergency alert on my phone that shooters were spotted 10 blocks from me &amp; i shouldn't go outside. i'm so scared i can't stop crying
just called my mom literally bawling. this is so scary
if 2, how many more have been planted by are dormant?...an observation don
he is right on the parts
donald trump leaps over barriers to get to meeting. hillary clinton can't walk 3 steps to van without collapsing
but why is it so difficult for so many to see the truth? it's like they're all so brainwashed...
the seven veils!
if 2, how many more have been planted by are dormant?...an observation don
you don't want to detonate it
got to see carol burnett in q&amp;a concert! she even did the tarzan yell. so grateful to my dear...
omg so cool!!! did she do the ear tug ? it was a secret message 2 her mom who'd watch her on tv.
the hotter, the sluttier, the better. gorgeous
whatever happen to no more question time for samantha, i missed her beauty
and one more thank you to for allowing me to nerd out on minor leaguers all year. can't wait for more with y'all.
and thank you to all of you if you read something i wrote this year &amp; enjoyed it. i appreciate it immensely. hopefully it affected somebody!
so, black twitter is happy that a murderer and kidnapper max b is getting out of prison early. only in a crazy world would people be glad.
this isn't loopy
it's outta here! curtis granderson ties the game! clutch!
he also won the game
st francis player does not have legal knee pads in his pants.
doesn't look like he had 'any' pads in his pants. unless the built in pads in girdle count?
outside of violence and appropriation, what makes up white american culture? seriously, non rhetorical.
passive aggressive interpersonal dynamics &amp; iceberg lettuce
i hate autocorrect...
ps make sure campo &amp; ic don't go far
they're still in mourning, though. i'm being considerate.
blah, its your twitter i wasn't a super nik fan and said so..but i didn't say more cause it annoys me to think its $$ related
where's all those democrat votes at that the dnc claims were there?
prove anyone talked about 15th amend. give speaker &amp; quote. it was about civil rights
and she's laying in the same position for a good 10 min so i thought she was asleep
so i go to set my cup down on my night table and it made a loud-ish noise and she jumps like immediately onto her feet
romo was grinning and smirking coming off the mound...don't act a little bitch bruh!
he took him out to put cas in??? i would have laughed toooooo! sorry.
if 2, how many more have been planted by are dormant?...an observation don
do a drone scan using the new drone stuff
i just love !! her collection is awesome!!
leslie since celebs usually only wear things once can you mail me this when you're done? suuuuuuuper thanks
we will have suits in the future that will fit ya, until then--sorry!! and thanks for your patience x)
no worries! i know i'm freakishly tall for most auctions xd
i'm really scared right now.
bruh everyone in new york is chilling supremely hard
people are so sensitive dude
i just wanna see this dude barbell row 385... i'm really excited to see that
rv cash flow til 45 is all i'm sayin
it's actually more around 55 now, *but*, then you end up being 55 and penniless, bad times
racism isn't a phony issue at all, u liberal bs'er. it's a serious issue in every part of society. the radio nonsense is phony.
we're not some hillbillies who've never even met jew. wer intelligent educated ppl. racism is repugnant. it has 2b confronted.
breaking: st. cloud mall stabbing attack suspect referenced allah during attack, asked at least 1 victim if they were muslim before assault
three terror attacks in one day.i wish there weren't! don't need them to win
and thank you to all of you if you read something i wrote this year &amp; enjoyed it. i appreciate it immensely. hopefully it affected somebody!
lots more features etc to come the next few weeks, and this winter, but that's effectively a wrap. ok, see y'all in spring training.
praying for everyone's safety tonight in
people aren't scared. they're pissed! this is some wannabe egotistical mamas boy glowing from the attention.
who bouta go out to the car and get the grinder? not i.
well u can use them nice ass nails u got
oh really? what two sets? they're leaving a bad market. hooray!
one for the shareholders and the other for the state &amp; fed gov.
you should flip over to the reporting on . and team essentially throwing shit at the wall and seeing what works.
don is the worst.
my daughter, georgia, got a new puppy! his name is teddy! should i bring him on my show?
yes!!! please do!!
omg don't waste anymore time on this person.
it's still not "outdated".
iot cloud + will be awesome!
have a few minutes...;)
there's a really funny story behind this picture that you may never know.
omg the suspense
wow, did he read my tweet? was he considering killing himself? please re-consider, casilla. you are miserable.
holy shit dude chill the fuck out
night night matthew
nighty night bella sweet dreams xoxo
my thoughts are with ny and tonight.
thx jess @ me next time
something like that off without an intent. and if it turns out to be an intent to injure, what do we call that exactly?
criminality. attempted homicide
when you waiting for morrissey's set to finish so you can order a cheeseburger u.u
moz is fuckin sacred to mexicans......so no fuckin slander please
can't believe the hate you got! i reported them
...snitches get stitches. (jk)
oh yes, the end always justifies the means.
-trump must be consulting with president duterte of the philippines on a regular basis.
the twilight of american jewry
anti semitism is a virus and it is catching.the democrat party has caught it.historicly astondng jews wud blong2 wher theyr hatd
lots more features etc to come the next few weeks, and this winter, but that's effectively a wrap. ok, see y'all in spring training.
oh, and i should specifically thank the folks for all the incredible access. a book is growing out of that. more on that soon.
before i ask you to send her my regards. please know your yankees have been choke artist for the last 3 games sir.
she dont want ya regards. she already has regards from some dude for like a yr
omg!! i just found out hillary clinton did not get sick on 9/11 she was arrested
if one looks at the video without any presuppositions about sickness it absolutely looks like an arrest. interesting eh?
so somebody dropped their dinner and ran?
not unless their dinner had a cellphone with wires in it - perhaps the phone was a timer for when it's done?
the second kid reminds me of you
lol i'll watch this when j get back (:
there's a really funny story behind this picture that you may never know.
this is like a climax you can't leave us hanging
ask dani about the dildo fencing
i just asked thats horrifiyig.
yeah whole team is frustrated with him
such a bummer.
dude, those titles are amazing.
it was an... interesting show
where's all those democrat votes at that the dnc claims were there?
when i taught critical thinking,freshmen taught 1st wk to give proof/refs. wheres yours?
wait what happened at jack
nothing? other then wild ass sets
. is going to look really stupid tomorrow morning
@ just tomorrow ?
with roland martin at the congressional black caucus in dc.
star looks like he's smoking that shit again!!!
this has to be photoshop
haha nah there's a video of it
if and finally do agree to fight, where would they host it i'd hope for a big stadium instead of vegas
texas it will be
it is an algorithim based dispatch!fake outrage against technology!
. how about an algorithm to give everyone who was price gauged a credit back?
oh, and i should specifically thank the folks for all the incredible access. a book is growing out of that. more on that soon.
ok *now* see y'all in spring training. let's all go get started on getting in the best shape of our lives.
ukraine radicals attack russian embassy in on eve of parliamentary election
cia. get out of kiev you pig dogs!!!
hmmm... i wonder if grueney is talking about pity upon the poor.
if grueney is talking about pity upon the poor. at least grueney got that of part right.
here we go, all hell is about to break loose
was it.... "the dream" again
heslop just emailed me this our advisory takes him so much for granted. almost made me cry tbh much love for him
like its past 10:30pm on a saturday night, he really doesn't have to be thinking about me/his lps children but he is
only if you have exceptional flexibility with your stubby little legs
how can he kick your ass over twitter dot com?
ya i agree i'm just happy to see that drew lock is the truth he'll only get better
he lost us that game but he was also the reason we were in it in the first place. nothing but good things to come.
i love the calmness of new yorkers. contrasts with the pants crapping much of the us will do i suspect.
yes we are accustomed to being targets, hopefully all of america gets bombed so they can finally be numb to it
a fave part of every day is walking across 23rd st from 7th to 2nd ave in nyc. feels like i see people representing entire globe in 20 mins.
23rd st represents everything wonderful about nyc. it is the fiercely beating heart of a diverse city &amp; country.
late to party but ugh can people stop comparing tech products to sex? (unless it's techy sex toys which i think we all can agree are great)
oh god i'm so sorry you read that article. i wish i could unread it.
will obama wipe the stupid grin off his face tomorrow long enough to finger wag &amp; tell us to not rush to judgment on the religion of peace?
i vote yes. he would be talking in an indolent voice like his wishful successor &amp; continued to refuse to name islamic terrorism
she dont want ya regards. she already has regards from some dude for like a yr
that's fine. how bout them yankees?????
okay so i just took the craziest picture
what is happening
lol everyone has stories on how fun this place 'use' to be
lol fuck that. tell them you want to enjoy it now, fuck them
is that why she's named wtf
it's good, actually
the lovin never stops. i never get tired of seeing my queen
love you always
good to know you're ok. anyone else we know in nyc? i know is safe, and is out of town right?
beefy and i we're hanging out. all safe.
they could if you believed in yourself harder
i've found my near passion in life
i don't think ppl would like to hear what i have to say, though, cause it's not good. lmao.
i mean if you think tc was terrible and cassadines are useless.... yeah its prob not something ppl want to read.but fuck it..
oh, so you're saying the democrats did give blacks the right to vote????
quote where i or any dem said that. i dare you. quote was on civil rights. learn to read
oh nice that's bay area
well done! did crop the image, but should probably be farther off center for a better challenge
&gt;it would be statistically improbable to have this many queer characters together &gt;(in a world that has magic/monsters/etc) ????
*looks at all my friends* does this make me spiders georg then
did you not learn grammar? ignorance personified. it's "who's or who is". pathetic! lol.
you may be with her but your'e also a self righteous moron which is common among your ilk. move to canada!
lmao this was such a long time ago stfu
oops lmao. but i remember you told me a recent one
any piece of advice for a failed entrepreneur who is now looking for opportunity pm?
there is no such thing as a failed entrepreneur. you learnt something. you grew. you are a winner.
cole luke drags down rj shelton on a deep pass. easy pi call. msu ball at the nd 28.
luke horrible all game. big time disappointment in my eyes.
this is me at 264..i'm down to 246.. and theres a flexibility w/o yoga thats unchallenged!
lawd !! lol
i couldn't find the love live booth otl... i know it's here but it wasn't at kadokawa and it might have been...
if you still feel like looking for it, i think it would probably be at a bushimo/bushiroad booth since llsif is published by them
"he seemed untroubled in using a campaign event to openly promote his hotel" and that's just the beginning
-when dealing with trump all sense and sensibility has to be left at the door.
you wanna split hairs on difference between abstention and no? who cares? same thing.
ewhat are you talking about? read carefully what i actually said and do some math. duh!
that's from your phone? amazing.
yes currently my only camera is my iphone. i've got even better pics on my flickr:
really funky first half for notre dame. did some good stuff, yet down 15-7. tyler o'connor impressive for msu. that's a surprise.
surprise nd has made careers out any qb with a pulse.
passive aggressive interpersonal dynamics &amp; iceberg lettuce
in seriousness the not-communicate-directly-but-expect-others-to-figure-out-what-you-mean is very waspy....
is michelle running for president?
she may be.dems only hav name recgnition,no talent.plan:flotus goes to congenial state to ru 4 senat then in dem admin etc
at bushiroad but the seas of humanity from where i was in the halls were very very very large and i could not
ahhh yeah no never mind! i wouldn't wish that kind of crowdijg on anyone
ur an ass talking about uber in ny right after bomb scare let trump know we're not going 2 be used
. it's an observation that is affecting those of us here in nyc.
so fresh after morning practice at school
have a great sunday (:
i can't believe i was once into astrology
what happened? what made you change your mind?
wtf? who's messing around with my homeland?
one at seaside heights this morn as wel
no words. beyond proud of today!! 160kg/350lbs, 175kg/385lbs, and 183kg/402lbs!
blown away!! you rock!!
lmao same af every time i see these videos i get so concerned for the people
oh my god sameee! at least he looked like he was feelin it at the end, usually they don't even look fazed
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
my favorite is when your supporters all comment about the dem media forgetting that you were one 5 secs before u ran
a fave part of every day is walking across 23rd st from 7th to 2nd ave in nyc. feels like i see people representing entire globe in 20 mins.
23rd st represents everything wonderful about nyc. it is the fiercely beating heart of a diverse &amp; amazing city.
this has been one of the ugliest games i've seen in my lifetime. bruins well in control tho. defense has been lights out.
gotta work on run game
why china may be heading for a sharper slowdown
-this is not just bad news for china, but the world as well.
there's nothing wrong with that
i'm gonna regret it in the morning
where's all those democrat votes at that the dnc claims were there?
go ahead. i have all 32 hrs of dnc2016 video. give quote &amp; speaker and i'll check. duh!
2 explosion in one day 25 hurt in nyc and earlier today at a a pipe bomb exploded near a race event down the shore at seaside heights wow
other explosions that didn't go off were discovered in garbage cans at seaside but never went off stay safe in nyc and nj
are you actually ok tho. for real.
i'm perfectly safe!! the nypd is doing their job and i'm really not even worried!!
the latest on thomas rawls, demaryius thomas, coby fleener and more from :
shepard, moncreif or demariyus
flatiron is southeast
it's edge of chelsea "d" wins.
for the first time in 95-game history with usc, stanford has posted three straight double-digit wins
and all within 12 months.
embrace the fatness and eat some more lmao jk
ugh we still have sushi left too
it's such a seattle day today!
how many feet of rain
no need to lie
i'm not!! i don't even bother making plans i just stay home
why? we didn't deport all white men when they bombed the 16th st baptist church in birmingham.
you should be deported
shinichiro watanabe can say the ending of cowboy bebop is ambiguous but we all know.
i used to be in denial too...
surprise morning date destination point...somebody knows me well. ...
- absolutely beautiful photo!
the fact that a significant % of this country supports djt is more troubling than anything he can do/say right now.
i find it incredibly depressing &amp; that's just what supporters want ones that do=evil my gop friends nothing like them
me-the-fan wants cal to score 21 to end q3. me-the-writer wants neither team to score in q3 for the lulz after the high-scoring q2.
the writer in you got your wish
yah look i've been living vicariously through you these past weeks
don't worry i return to regular life on tuesday
houston is full of trash teams. the rockets lost to a curryless warriors team in the playoffs. enjoy the warriors dynasty.
the warriors blew a 3-1 lead in the nba finals.
you accepted the job of being one of matt's sugar givers? hmmmmmmmmm.
don't knock it until ya try it
check out photos from variety and women in film's nominee celebration
wow! wii need 2 ck out!! thx [0
i was convinced that divorce premiered tomorrow night
when does it premiere?
console quick play is a waste of time honestly. nobody talks. the comps are garbage. it's just sad how watered down this version is..
quick play made me so salty when i was grinding for the summer games skins. it's so trash. i solo queued a lot. wasn't worth it.
some are deluded. if the blind lead the blind, they both fall into the ditch.
there is a great moral divide in this country, only a miracle can give us a reprieve from this evil decline!
i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
you didn't participate in the obama crises that gates and hilry were principal "advisers" of obama who "listened" 2 them
fgjfkrdksdmk my mom is watching that episode of the kapil sharma show with the vamps it's so weird
they're singing cecilia idc i used to bop to that
is the new season of ahs worth watching? what's the theme lol
watch it. its literally american horror stories.
:( someone just told me its says "in stock on sept 20" on amazon
looks like old stock being sent to amazon by a retailer for fulfillment. plenty out there, price varies.
chteau de chillon by.. stanley chen xi .
beautiful photographs. happy sunday
but how are you not afraid of the violation of your privacy!
i'm upset about my blurry face
we all know they stole it from path
meanwhile an army of victorian scrapbookers marches on cupertino saving decoupage scissors.
sean kingston talking trash to the game... yeaaa
game went to other hoods fighting local la rappers. he ain't no bitch lol
they gotta make a new atv off-road fury game and have sosa as a playable character
if he just made a video game app he would make so much money picture a gbe edition of grand theft auto
aaa its ok! thank u for trying jesse &amp; i hope you had fun today
yeah!! i really appreciate it! enjoy the rest of ur day and also hopefully go go curry
my family friends live on w19th and the explosion was on w23rd, i can't contact them and im scared
don't be scared. the phone lines are probably down
"it was was intentional but not terrorism." - mayor de blasio
pls 4give this man.he stood too close to clinton during 9/11mem&amp;contracted pneum that impaired his cognitive sense
drew lock is a baller-kid is fighting to keep alive. about to upset uga at home-up 27-21 4:32 left in the game-with the ball
isn't perfect but he is on his way to being a superstar.
i'm not going to say, because i've just been ragging on it.
i'm ridiculously curious, but understand.
i don't understand what the nyc is saying about . what do they mean the blast was intentional but no credible threat against city?
no one was killed or that seriously hurt
a marvelous peak of mountains
beautiful photograph. have a wonderful sunday
wow totally tweeted on the wrong account
so which is your main one now?
where's all those democrat votes at that the dnc claims were there?
show where anyone was specified 15thamend. dems spoke about black civilrights,in general
don't tell but the actor who plays jamie fraser on is already my boyfriend xo.
maybe you can have him in the past and i can have him in the future?
kelly: "we just came up a little bit short." said it takes a better job coaching, and it starts with him.
kelly should be fired. i have had enough.
u don't enjoy street lamps or fine urban details from inside a metal box traveling 30 mph?
i'm trying to get to crissy field. why can't they time the lights better here. shld've taken franklin.
no words. beyond proud of today!! 160kg/350lbs, 175kg/385lbs, and 183kg/402lbs!
yesssssss congrats janet!!!!
i don't understand what the nyc is saying about . what do they mean the blast was intentional but no credible threat against city?
nypd/cia/trumpcampaign w/new cop union bosses engage controlled explosion2 remind citizenry who's boss when banks close permanent
this is one of the most extremely bitcoin things i own
what uh, is that?
bjs on colman have one gr8 ass playlist.
they're playin blink rn.
celebrating my birthday with my beautiful wife and this super manly drink.
happy birthday, man! just make sure to order your manly drink in a manly fashion.
the permitting expenses alone of opening a brick and mortar restaurant are crazy
related: maybe we should give up on trying to build housing &amp; just buy rvs for everyone :/
that's fine. how bout them yankees?????
grand opening....grand closing
oh, he was smiling and giggling right along with her. flirting in my book
so him smiling and laughing means that he's flirting? would you rather he be miserable?
damn yea boy, i'm taking some drawing classes around here but if you're in town
man i'm not just in town, i live here lol. how long you here for?
oh yes, i absolutely wanted to be added to your mlm facebook page, so you can sell me subpar beauty products. thank you so much
also why does it automatically add? can we at least have the option to reject?
bro, you ever get out of jersey... you'll have to find a reason to come out to nashville. we'll grab a beer or 20.
i will be soon. once i move i am free to travel.
thought you were going to bed?
but college
"we've gotta do a better job coaching." -brian kelly
he should be fired. can't get the team going against any good competition. i thought the days of 7-5 were over.
it doesn't take a genius to realize it was a bomb. however, it wasn't terrorism.
coned has explosions all the time. trump was being accurate on the specificity
ok, very cool then ;-) market was for a while flooded with fakes with shoddy filters. but to able to say "my own c64s", sigh
it's the "s" that really makes it a pleasure to say ;)
oh, he was smiling and giggling right along with her. flirting in my book
not trying to be rude. i just don't see those things as flirting.
goddamn i'm like out of the loop here then lol
lol we'll catch up when i'm back in la, love
i'm trying to get to crissy field. why can't they time the lights better here. shld've taken franklin.
you spelled "crissy field" wrong, it is spelled "marin"
where's all those democrat votes at that the dnc claims were there?
bottomline: cummings graphic you circulated is false about cummings &amp; 15amend numbers
hope you are right
as long as eli doesn't pull a aj derby we are in the money
cuomo just a criminal puppet for organized crime oligarchs fascism /"zionism"?
does chris hedges know mike elmendort if a holocaust denier.
10 tv shows we're excited about this fall including and
brill - bang the gong!! .
senior bonfire my house monday night after coronation 312 w 7th st. bring own chairs. spread the word.
awesome can't wait
subway ride home sucked but made it home from work.
i am still in traffic.
the one from cold play
thank u so much goodnight xoac
horribly inefficient buying experience here in the new apple store in sfo...
perhaps you should return just "before" the release of a new apple kit :)
i haven't been feeling good lately, i've been to the dr for multiple test all coming back that i'm healthy. i didnt think to look at stress
maybe it is exhaustion, try some multivitamin
they mean no one has made a credible threat against the city. no one has taken responsibility or threatened more bombings.
well, or the banksters destroyed the planet, (8yrs ago)but since no one could cuck bis,but me..it's now unfortun, on
my heeeeehawwwww jet-black yo. i am the most happiest right now.
its iphone 7 and its just black colour
duhhh buh chu was pose to come to philly .. wah hapeen
i'm an official resident of new jersey starting tmm
the macros are super impressive.
some of those i cheat with a clip-on lens. thanks!
it was awesome
that's great! glad you enjoyed yourself
the idea that people are sitting around praying that they can officially blame muslims for the bombing is pretty horrific.
sweetie, stay safe in your precious community and leave the terrorism discussion for the big guns
my heeeeehawwwww jet-black yo. i am the most happiest right now.
its iphone 7 and its black colour
pooping before departure achievement unlocked! that's an advanced maneuver
this right here earns you a black belt in pooping
"we have no credible and specific threat at this moment." hmmm a bomb goes off &amp; a 2nd 1 found, seems credible.. fucking tool
u obviously have no idea what he was saying -
means white guy did it.
well this one's easy, it's manhattan
i got a pocket got a pocket full of sunshine i got a love and i know that it's all mine oh oh oh oh oh
do what you want but you're never gonna break me, sticks and stones are never gonna shake me ohh
media knows terrorist attack harms sick hillary. thus, multiple bombs and 25 in hospital is "no big deal."
yes but i wish there were no terror attacks today b/c doesn't need them to win
uh-oh. glad you have cell service at least. hope nothing is wrong.
we survived!but barely ha. hour and forty minute ride
i heard that macbooks can't get viruses.. does that mean that is the main source for viruses, and uses this against other devices??
i bet it's a conspiracy to sell more macbooks.
thinking about the grand prix experience, what are the key 3 things you think of? eg. large event, pt slot, artists, road trip?
for an amateur like me it's like getting a few swings in a batting cage against pros and semi's, then dealer and friends
asked about the timeout before the punt. kelly said no thought of going for it, but offense was left on the field.
comical. need a real coach here.
so many potential founders at
it was a pleasure meeting you today. kris from penn state working on the weight training app startup. can't wait to apply to yc.
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
you should do it! the lies they tell are destructive to americas future!
the eu eats itself.
can someone tell merkel to stop letting in muslim refugees. the muslims have 57 countries to chose from
walked across to union square for n. jumped on q to dekalb and waited and waited and waited for n. no d trains. hell
chrckpoints everywhere lol. i just want a bed and a snack
goodbye clouds of grey, hello skies of blue
that's very deep
and for the record i did use google maps
oh, i feel better then
what jacket??
weird.. i don't see anything
yo i feel like i'm actually mid-key lmfaooooo this is my corny but true self speaking
bcus i love posting pix but when it comes to certain shit like love life or w/e i'll deff keep to myself n jus close friends so ya mid-key
s/o to sanjanna jonnalagadda for having the best name out there
i still stand by this tweet even though i spelled her name incorrectly
digital keys are great until this happens and you can't get into your room on sat. night, . c'mon!
pretty damn poor, hilton (standing outside our room for the past 5 mins while she tries to get a real key).
republicans stand by trump even after he twice suggests hillary clinton's assassination via
it reflects lack of true character!
i want too, i love soho. i'll be turning 24 i'm getting old
you just need to find roommates and have a decent job, and not have many bills to pay and you'll be fine
i saw mad black unmarked cars driving into the city earlier w a police escort
just saying. it's always some bullshit in the works.
for every retweet i will donate 1 to the charity that wins this poll
ten cents in 4 days - good going there!
shouldn't that be in california not on? grammar
ohhhhhh no ya dun got me the i and o are right next to each other on an iphone screen look at you with your detective skills!
let the awkwardness commence.
with me, it never ends.
its from high school musical
not so deep now, but still good
the only party i want to go to, is the communist party!
im sorry alonso hacked your twitter
the pro in is that everyone is in my timezone, so not too many night tweets. the con is the amount of day tweets...
so important tweets about my plane arrived, i have my badge, i'm in the hotel, wi-fi sucks ....
highest energy tour we have ever done in canada!!! thank you! can't wait to come back! - ku
love all of ur tattoos could u take a photo of the ones you have above the waist and ur sleeves?
pretty damn poor, hilton (standing outside our room for the past 5 mins while she tries to get a real key).
while the ice cream we had to go downstairs to buy melts because there's no room service after 10p saturday?
this ones still my main and the other is my heavily neglected professional one
omg i love the bio of the neglected one. it's actually super cute
girls! travel packing made easy - i with i
disappointed not to see bounce dryer sheets used for insect repellent. also, burning your stuff? not cool.
so i just got home a found a fuckin beach ball on my driveway
i started kicking it and hit my friends car. updates to follow
you guys should have had slaughter and neil co headline. could have alternated btwn singers. same back up band
don't get me wrong. neil is bringing it
this shit is comedy
oh i agree. i'm waiting for the day nicki actually stands up for herself tho
2chronicles 7:14. america needs to repent. by god 's grace trump will crush hillary.
yes &amp; amen to that!
just 3 attacks in 3 states in 1 day. typical run of the mill normal stuff these days. yawn.
need to create this emoji fast!
every time i hear danny elfman's batman score it hardcore takes me back to being a kid.
the score is nothing short of pure genius.
did you win the cornhole
no, no i won at beer
im on a 18 hr road trip
okay well your gonna need kendrick without skipping the skits
it's crazy when you finally find what you've been missing
damn dude you changed since high school
it's hard to believe that there was a time in my life where i worked until 4am
ugh. grave shift?
everyone follow i'm so obsessed with my ava choker
i'm obsessed with your face
it was not a traditional wedding reception. @ asbury park yacht club
we were outside for awhile and saw paul and todd. wish we would have known you were there.
obama did that. he's the one propping up isis. assad is trying to put down fanatic sunnis
you're smarter than to spread misinformation... don't look disingenuous.. i respect you.
if you're reading this because this video is on your feed because someone retweeted it, please watch &amp; retweet. :)
i watch this clip everyday to motivate me to keep being strong. thank u fousey
interesting many ers are rightwingers who think govt is utterly incompetent at all things except a huge 50+ yr global conspiracy
2300 year old global conspiracy :p
might as well cover up a dead body with that one
good thinking!! ur so crafty
and where does the newborn go from here?
the net is vast and infinite!.
stop playing with him
he sounds mad stupid on ig
damn...big ass accident near 76 in oakland...
that intersection is hella dangerous.
and where does the newborn go from here?
the net is vast and infinite.
god dam i can't wait to see sabbath, megadeth, municipal waste, subrosa &amp; fuckin hatebreed next weekend
hopefully cob won't be whack &amp; play sixpounder so i can snap my neck
explains everyone last night
i want the old raymond back
vital part to 3 titles.
i feel it, but he's costing us a chance at another with his play, a few boo birds won't kill him, play better and it ends
excuse you i ate a burrito today
oh right, i'm proud
ppl are shit to not appreciate what you do, that's why you gotta limit yourself
my mom always tells me this especially when it comes to working lol but it's hard when you're a good person
i started kicking it and hit my friends car. updates to follow
update: she kicked me in the face with said beach ball
my drag name is gypsy housing
smh that's a slur
"whenever anything is being accomplished, it is being done, i have learned, by a monomaniac with a mission." - peter drucker
what does monomaniac mean in the real world?
there are at least five residential rvs parked on the block by my office semi permanently
there's little groups of them scattered around la too
my backyard &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;. my daily reminder that discipline is a major to continued happiness and...
having a cookout there in a couple weeks, fyi
no, but i will look! where on the yes/genesis/king crimson triad...?
pre-yes. procol harum meets henry the cow.
my job literally has me drinking i've been closing by myself for a few day now and for the rest of the week i'll either be closing
or opening by myself and it's so stressful i can do it, but it's so exhausting without the help of someone else
and i'll give you one chance to guess who got your team hooked..
ok creds to you, anton
hey : w/ special guest
i'll be in berlin!!
one year ago i said a three letter word that forever changed my life. i love you forever, .
i don't know you kids but i loves you too
no "bronx tale" rt : do the right thing kids the god father king of new york taxi driver
it's in my top ten, and it's just my opinion lol not set in stone just wanted to get a conversation started
so did a bomb go off?
like what kind of a bomb?
i wanna tag u in this but.. u rt'd it...
lmfao yep! beat you to it, boy
now giants fanbase is discussing when it's ok to boo your own. they really are having their own 2014 over there.
matt duffy was
follow the reaper
jesus christ i swear i haven't seen them since the "are you dead yet" tour imma buss a nut
adam levine took my phone. this is not a drill
say what???!
you know you have a problem when you see an actor &amp; think he'd make a great prince albert..&amp;then find out he's already played prince albert.
prince albert tee hee
fr hella mothafucka be tryna go even after the turn arrow is gone. nigga almost killed me last time.
the people on the ramp that tries to turn left right?! once i was gonna go straight to go onto the ramp, but some nigga zoomed
16-0 this season behind glock osweiler
da brockwilder
if you guess which song belongs to this video, i'll sing it tomorrow at .
vivir mi vida.
. addresses new york city explosion.
absent. couldn't give a crap. i'm still asleep. wake up!!!!!
fr hella mothafucka be tryna go even after the turn arrow is gone. nigga almost killed me last time.
through, and turned left hella fast. i had to brake hellllaaaa hard
seriously tho, how's buzzworks? we are considering hosting fun stuff there too.
it's alright
leave my laptop for a day and windows (i know...) automatically "upgraded" and now i have to spend time fixing all the stuff that's broken.
i fired the guy who upgraded my last windows laptop. never upgrade a windows laptop. just get a new laptop
omg old skool juju jewels, i think i need to bring the quartz choker back !
with jujugoddessjewels till the end lmao
go to hell randall
i'm wondering if i should. peep location.
heat twitter doesn't even claim me i'm blocked by like 60 heat fans
stop crying
theres no need for it when you dont have a running qb so why in the hell do it? i dont get it
totally. i'm sick of the shotgun and i'm sick of no huddle. enough
it's wild to be served by folks who look like me around colleagues who don't look like me. this is tech.
doesn't this happen everywhere, not just tech? (asking as the only spanish speaker at my company who can talk to cleaning crew)
hello to anyone up at 1:50 am in the morning
11:58 pm here
bruh i hate bein around couples when they argue that shit is awk asf for me...
i be there like "heey bitch im single, lets fo do single stuff"
stop trying to rate dogs brent, this one is at least a 10.
so that's not a sock puppet?
there are many trump anti muslim supporters that wants war in us against muslims
a white supremacist used the same type of bomb used in the boston attack, instead of fertilizer or a truck? nah.
does that stuff really work?
yeah when i hurt my back at work i used this stuff and it worked wonders my grandma uses it for her arthritis too
listening to the divine feminine isn't the same without
tbh i think this is my favorite tweet that has ever existed
why are male wrestlers so dumb with their nudes.
another one? yikes
sounds like the real win to me.
also this happened
i don't answer texts after a certain time, but i'll still be tweeting my ass off
funny but true
you guys have never seen anything as cute as this week killing it with the outfits!...
your mom is so freakin' adorable i can't stand it
i'm not crying. you're crying because barnes left
well the chemistry is ruined now
i be there like "heey bitch im single, lets fo do single stuff"
i support break ups im a terrible person...
obama did that. he's the one propping up isis. assad is trying to put down fanatic sunnis
i know you have an agenda of getting trump elected but when that just becomes a lie.. credibility!!!
a very belated congratulations to &amp; on being elected co-leaders of of england/wales!
amazing!!!!
barricading myself inside an overflowing portapotty to keep "syrian refugees" from using it in their plans
if isis thinks theyre gonna make a move on the local bait and tackle *puffs inhaler* they'll be *puff* sorry
she liked my photo ahhhhh
ahhhh i'm so happy for you!!!
i fortunately left the container store in chelsea about 2ish hours before the explosion. i was considering going to a movie on 23rd...eep
glad you're ok! just checked my phone and you were my first thought.
lol my flight landed 40 min early wtf how did you do that alaska air
sorcery
yall goin down
y'all due for a victory i'm nervous but it'll be a good game
ill see you tomorrow brennie baby
with gerald and jeff too??
us has relayed its regret to syria for "unintentional loss of life" resulting from airstrikes in eastern syria.
horrible cctv shows how russian air strikes bombing hospitals in aleppo
which misinfo? fact is the usa murdered 62 soldiers who fight isis.
no that the president actively wanted to arm isis
is that a fitbit you have on there don - would you like to try
we have new black bands - i have one that is black - we have a matching phone too
fix your icing. that's not real life
hahaha right!
which misinfo? fact is the usa murdered 62 soldiers who fight isis.
that is bullshit
i will bro! cowboys 0-2 tomorrow?
chill out
hmm. explosion at 8:31pm. 1,637 miles away in co, trump says 'bomb went off in ny' in less than 30 minutes.
-the first thing most people would think about after an explosion in a large city would be a gas explosion not a bomb.
we're streaming startup school 2016 live right now.
was a pleasure meeting you. thanks for your patient advice. i'm the guy working on the weight training app. can't wait to apply!
hi hi hi i'll be in la soon. for our tour stop come out !!
where you at?
which misinfo? fact is the usa murdered 62 soldiers who fight isis.
let me repeat bullshit
there was a bomb in a garbage can in seaside, now one in a dumpster in manhattan. somebody's got it out for trash today
there were two, another was literally a single block away from my school
just took a knee. bruins will get the w.
got to better next week, go bruins!
start a hashtag slamming millenials on a platform controlled by millenials; get offended when millenials fight back
it's a thing!
which misinfo? fact is the usa murdered 62 soldiers who fight isis.
bullshit, a lie, a fucking bullshit
estrella tv anchor says she was fired for reporting sexual harassment
may be some truth to - have u seen the ??? pretty hoy stuff!!
remember you said you were going 13-3?
i do. that's when romo was healthy
serpico, juice,carlitos way,bronx tale, warriors, dog day afternoon,midnight cowboy, goodfellas none make the list?
of course they do, the funny thing i just had to study serpico for a film class and that's what made me bring up this subject
this dance at santa cruz is so hurt. no one knows how the bay area ppl dance
lmao these white ppl
chad hansen is a better receiver than desean jackson. my column.
that was an incredible catch.
. the game has so many framerate issues, bugs, randomly crashing. it's only bs infinite, not 1 or 2
i'll do my best to play when i'm done with 2, i just can't ignore it despite the issues.
which misinfo? fact is the usa murdered 62 soldiers who fight isis.
so until you have evidence that holds in court. it's fucking bullshit
i'm a rw yeshiva nut? that's hysterical. you don't know me from a hole in the wall. you really are a jackass!
: i kno u from yur tweets. &amp; i kno of u. u have a radio show. ur fairly well-known jew. (tho, not as famous as me )
hi hi hi i'll be in la soon. for our tour stop come out !!
anything new in la? i assume the "general tour" stuff?
oh. god help you. i hated that movie.
yea that was rough
so what you thinking now 7-9?
depends when romo comes back?
it's really too bad about the failure of snowden because now oliver won't get to make "the lynne stewart story."
back on your game john
serpico, juice,carlitos way,bronx tale, warriors, dog day afternoon,midnight cowboy, goodfellas none make the list?
if i had a top ten they'd all be on that list
should nps be allowed full practice authority? speaks with
.see ucsf phd student paper in nejm this week:
relax everyone it was intentional... not terrorism...
how do they even know that?
has to, remind the usual suspects about assignments...even have a possible audible or two called and ready as well
agree 100%. jalen greene is not our qb. speaking of, where was he on the field tonight?
nj &amp; ny bombings might not be related, but how would authorities know that this quick? they both happened today. smells like pr.
seems they would def be related
which misinfo? fact is the usa murdered 62 soldiers who fight isis.
prove in open court as our constitution requires, i will believe it. till then, it's bullshit
i think i was 10/11
it was 09. it's been eight straight
gonna be the new trend
when she got that nut in her hair fresh new nails &amp; cute feet
in case u missed it.
paradise found dr. ashoke kumar sen. happy sunday
i hadn't thought of it like that. but trump is clearly warped.
hey, impulse control is important because if trump wins he will go on impuse drive, driven by the controllers....
it was 09. it's been eight straight
08 actually i googled it
i wish this eyeshadow wasn't such garbage bc it's so pretty
oooooo that pink is pretty!
really???? i don't follow hockey like that but really? haha.
seems like he just came into the league.
listening to any song on glory afterward
"perfect illusion is the most radio friendly track on the album"
you're willfully ignorant if you can't see it
prove it in court. i'm asking, to prove it in open court. as the constitution requires
ha i was thinking the shots looked incredible.
yes the bees were shot with a macro lens, the frogs however are not.
haven't had a minnesota live poll in a long while... clinton +6 be tough to think she is losing in wi given that.
plus russ feingold has a big lead in the wi senate race.
how is that
is it in weed terms, "top shelf" pussy
ugh keeps removing all the best stuff dansgame
so you try to find it on
they taught you about the three kinds of bread: tall bread, wide bread, and deep bread, but only masters of bakery learn about thick bread.
deepbread, coming soon from the makers deepdream
fine, but pretty far afield from my tweet expressing doubts of blumenthal's credibility.
its not "fine" brit. its a non sequitur criticism of your solid point
just take the congrats, have fun newly weds
mann foreal take cred where it's due
i hadn't thought of it like that. but trump is clearly warped.
and what is 'tough'?
i love the way iwobi plays. so relaxed, unphased by surroundings, he has the mentality that gets you places. long may he continue.
agreed he does not give up the ball easily and has amazing control very unconventional
you're willfully ignorant if you can't see it
i will never betray the constitution or liberty over "security"
classic! 1 of my fav pacino films.
i'm film class, my teacher literally spent the whole hour breaking that film down
im so happy for you
for my relationship or being at fright fest?
find you someone that looks at you the way lou seal looks at kd
bring this one back. later
but it's on bochy for running him out there still. once someone arm goes, it goes. gotta know when it's done.
yes bochy been super questionable this season
i miss u guys even tho u always ignore my tweets ps: 3 years livin in nyc i haven't ran into andrew (ben n will like 1 yr ago)
i love you guys pls make or release new music wowwwww making me emotional up in herrrr. ps come to le bain
actuarial figures assume (but ignore the cost of) recourse to taxpayers if expected investment return isn't realized.
as much damage as undervaluing liabilities and current costs do, deferral of past costs by actuarial methods may do more
do you like the fact that my life is empty without you
noooo just the fact that mac's music is an experience and we both know that
any news that boils down to "you don't have to go to pearl st" is great news. garbage venue.
lol i was about to say the same thing - this is rad news, respect
waiting for trump to come out in colorado springs
do you get any miles for all your travel?
watching the longhorns
watching it on dvr
you're willfully ignorant if you can't see it
as a wise man said..
theres no other way to put it. they have no plan. they don't know how to use our strengths. its pitiful. a good hs coach
clueless out there. no adjustments
find one in your area, you may search your zip here: (2/2)
thank you. called a dealership service department.
how about teach kids to respect people? why does this have to be a gendered message. christ
is this a serious question or a you pretending to be an ignorant twat for the laughs?
really, so if i say that a circle is round i have to wait till the judge thinks the same?
i'm a constitutionalist
cant wait to hit these waterfalls in the prime of fall
i have some homies going up next week from west coast. y'all should link
. this is incorrect. please advise mr scott that we do not understand and we think it is bull crap. thank you.
mr. scott, we do not understand and do not like it. don't put words in our mouths. get lost!
ur relationship honeyyyyy
aw bby i love you thank you so much. i miss you and i'm literally tearing up right now
really, so if i say that a circle is round i have to wait till the judge thinks the same?
those who risk liberty over security, deserve neither
seth meyers is so underrated.
if i move to ny i want to move to harlem maybe you, means could be roomies *whiskeydreams*
"i like my women likei like my coffee, all over my lap while i'm driving," what i just heard an adult human man from this wedding party say.
and scalding my junk?
but the intention was to terrorise people, so its a terror attack
that's not what "terrorism" means
heard it too smh
i rewinded it 3-4 times to make sure i wasn't misunderstanding what he just said
and that it's not even chelsea, but flatiron...
23rd street at the nj path station is not chelsea... and definitely not trendy
but he can't want you more than i want you
he might want me more though
where the chicken at?
no clue my nigga the shit gets me tight
update: heartburn isn't *too* bad but i probably won't be eating until monday
legit could use pho broth right now, no noodles. who am i??
and you are mountain time. i'm not gonna make it.
what's that?
downtown oakland
u down there?
does... does dream drop distance of axel in it? i only ever played an hour...
near the end, yeah
bears are back in front!! 2 pt conversion is good! 43-40
lead the charge, oski, go and go bears!!
but the intention was to terrorise people, so its a terror attack
and how do you know what the intentions behind it were?
my boyfriend needs to stop buying me stuffed animals lol i have no more room in my bed
start a new shelf of stuffed animals lol.
bout to watch magic mike xxl
that's my shit
so tacky to leave the tag showing at upper left of bra. no class.
exactly. at least take tag off
in case you guys missed this, i really can't get over this lmfao
lmfaooo yooo i just died watching this.
watched it at the final final- have you been there yet for a game?
yes! love that place. i bet it was crazy this afternoon!
i miss u guys even tho u always ignore my tweets ps: 3 years livin in nyc i haven't ran into andrew (ben n will like 1 yr ago)
shizzle it was 2 years ago fuck
the federal politics are the kicker. i wonder if 2034 or an urban-minded federal govt will come first
i skimmed 2009 water supply agreement between sf &amp; wholesale customers (incl cities) ..
my money is on noon
that's probably where the smart money is
2500 on clothes in a day.....oh
you buy some socks or somethin?
could've parked at our crib bro. we live literally next door.
we parked illegally in some office park alley with a bunch of other folks after sitting in line for 30 mins for a lot that filled.
no adjustments in game for five years now...all on coaching. i cant remember our last comeback win.
some real comeback wins to hang your hat on
love my girls sm!!
love u all sm
are they still working. on the 3rd devise?
robot is on the scene, nypd won't comment on progress
well well, sunday drive it is!! feels like pujo already :))
happy sunday! enjoy ur hyundai drive!! i'll be waiting for u at the crossroadscan u find me?
dnc platform is a lie....
dare to compare dem vs gop legislation for racial minorities,gays,women in last 50yrs?
your lie has been debunked. go back to your basket.
lol, i'm sure you'd be cool if hillary didn't turn her taxrs in and trump did. what is he hiding?
y'all worked tonight
i lost my entire voice from screaming and yelling while we were on defense man
but brad loathes it so you could basically punish him by choosing it!
it's punishing everyone. it's an awful movie.
bring me back something cool plz
i got some tack for you
didn't get the dub tonight against frisco but me and the squad boutta bounce back from this l
it was good seeing you at there bro keep grindin
what we know, updated with the latest: powerful blast injures at least 29 in manhattan; second device found
it's not true that they're letting residents back into bldgs. i live on 24&amp;7 and haven't been allowed back.
show me a real man that aren't anything like these cats out here nowadays, i probably won't be single anymore, but they're all the same
we all are not the same
i called you &amp; you didn't answer, so ha
that's soooo weird! a lot of people have said they've called me and i haven't got it.. wtf! &amp; why do i have a ?!?!?! lol
i don't not yet been delayed by up to 28 days messed lots of there. customers around by over
what a bummer!!
is it yugioh
close. a lance jar jar binks appeared
a few songs will almost always make me misty-eyed &gt;&gt; cyndi lauper - time after time
here is time after time - cyndi lauper greenwich village
credit pat ruel with this great shot.
it just dawned on me that pete carroll could replace jeff fisher &amp; coach to 2 super bowls &amp; crush my soul.
you still cute tho it's good
thts right its nothin major
next best thing. motivation
ew no. smores are so gross
nyc friends, be careful. explosion reported on w 23rd st between 6th &amp; 7th aves.
hope you and yours are safe!
what class you running? i'm at 836 ilvl resto shaman
vengeance dh. just started playing again after arriving home from the vg live events.
fuck no, i can't live without you and i want us to grow old together and have cute babies
kill me in a romantic way?
happy birthday my son enjoy it
thanks my som
she bought me this long before the second cat.
i've been planning on getting you that shirt for like a year. you've always been a crazy cat lady to me
houses are just personalized boxes
just a pile of all ur stuff w a cover on it
happy birthday po
thankieeee :)))))
it really bothers me if i'm not the funniest person in the room, and that is why i always seem bothered.
you make me lol!
i skimmed 2009 water supply agreement between sf &amp; wholesale customers (incl cities) ..
looks like the towns have permanent supply assurances, except sj, santa clara, hayward
if i actually stay the full 12 hour shift i'll reward myself tbh i can't even handle two hours
i'm staying until 2pm which isn't so bad, i would vomit if i had to do a 12 hour shift there bye
besides inflicting harm/terror, what other intentions can you think of?
personally i think this was most likely terrorism. but possibles are non-political crime and lunacy.
binch i better see your dumbass at hostile
uhhh look at my location
it's because trent listens to artists like lil uzi
i just listed a whole bunch
wtf the whole stadium is beautiful
one of the most beautiful in the country. old stanford stadium held 90,000 tbh
i am with the new york daily news, can we use this with on screen credit to you in our reporting? fposillico.com
yes that would be fine.
yoo, gg... yall kicked our asz..
y'all played your hearts out
besides inflicting harm/terror, what other intentions can you think of?
"harm" was never in question
and young thug
nah no young thug. pitbull for life
if you can't find one and want to play just hmu
apparently everyone is with zay lol why does everyone cockride him so much
reminder: donald trump is actively rooting for the explosion in nyc to turn out to be a terrorist attack. let that sick reality sink in.
do tell me how it couldnt be a terror attack???
breaking photo! here is the second device found by a nysp sgt. at 27 street and 7 ave. investigation is ongoing
i always make the darn good chili in pressure cooker.what a waste.
guy in dbd got super triggered because i escaped him, calls me an idiot in post game chat like 6 times...
cry me a fucking river.
4runners look sexy! i'm also in the market (sorta). i didn't rule out q5 tho, like audi's.
audi's are nice, just same high maintenance we've dealt w for our x5 - looking for cheaper stuff.
americans are so stupid that when you tell them that their government is bombing forces they come with this:
and fuck heads who have no regard for our constitution act like.. you!
already expecting blood? savage xd
haha, i'm sure you'll crush it :)
live tweeting my uber ride, enjoy this shit
my mans has missed 4 turns already
only she can make me bow down &amp; also feel like i run the world. thanks for reminding me that there is no such thing as a weak woman
and she slayed
i don't know what i found on the internet but my last few rt's and this guy has a real special channel
you just fucked up my life
pretty good but not rei
rei is a rare beauty
reminder: donald trump is actively rooting for the explosion in nyc to turn out to be a terrorist attack. let that sick reality sink in.
. do tell me how it couldnt be a terror attack???
my homegirl just took money from me after i got them everything for free at my job
must reconsider home girl status
orange co - vehicle is w/b lincoln from tustin, went through the red, speeds still 40mph.
is this still going? in the oc...irvine area
these damn punks like ... such a menace
the og menace
boys doing work again
gotta get you down to one of my tailgates some day, combine my two favorite teams!
i finally finished narcos and idk what else to watch
watch "instructions not included" and cry
nothing like a true story on screen. by the way king of ny was some of the worst acting ever on camera.
that's a fact lol i'm just a huge walken fan
call me when that bottles ever clear
dem shits is water
morning from london!
hey london :)
with the next 4 to 8 years of trump &amp; millions of gallons of warm soapy water
that another good way to clean the earth form this shitt.
best conditioning period ever
jelani took off and i had to throw the jets on to catch up to him
ur a fukin idiot young thug cant even speak english!! let alone rap
who are you? i mostly listen to chinese rap
yo new recipe for ya
kinda sad how im actually willing to make that
thanks. just another day in suburbia (i am still adjusting after spending most of my life in cities)
just had a brief run-in with a family of six raccoons, there is hope for wilderness in the city yet
peep his whole account though
bruh i honestly was for like 10 minutes
sorry i can't vibe with you if your answer to any question pertaining to what your favorite things are is constantly "i don't know"
!!!! this is seriously the most frustrating thing
heckler screams 'f*ck hillary' at clinton rally - &amp; she just laughs at him (video)
that's our hillary!
something about bodybuilding &gt; powerlifting and then some extra shit
yeah pretty much that exactly haha
the only ugly met looks she has are the most recent one &amp; the solange vs jayz fight one.
evan peters is mine
. dance me to the end of love ~ leonard cohen
i adore this song and the images are beautifuls. thank you carmi!
also that's like 15 seats not filled get out
patrick you twat answer me
aw, i can't wait until i can go on cute trips with my future boyfriend
lol i said that today in monterey
no idiot, potus needs approval from legislative branch to start a war. obama didn't got it.
no duck head. read the fucking war powers act.
i wanna hunch this man right on the 4 train
why your cooch always vibrating!?!
i do worry about you!
yeah but they put something in the beer at finish lines... it's so more-ish ;)
can't wait to see what you end up with
prob nothing sexy but it's fun shopping around
u only like pit bull cause it has a dog in the name!!!
hell yeah nig. i'll eat any animal i find on the road
single life only good for about a month or two before you start wishing you weren't single no more lol
word. when you have options for far too long, you start to get bored &amp; long for something that will last.
went to the emergency room bc i got my septum piercing stuck in my sinuses. how's your saturday night?
my coworker told me you said hi today then i missed you all day
bitch that's for everybody on the tl but you and i'm snitching
snitches end up in ditches
i don't want to be roasted by people like u
i don't roast smh
stanford uga rose bowl playoff game soon. i wannna come out there so bad.
come out anyways, beers on me
i fucking hate being asked to hangout and being set aside for others likes tf did you want me to come for...?
guys i wanna walk out but i can't because i have no fucking clue where to go
well u need to stick to it cause u know nothing about real rap!
chinese rap is the shit
you sleep, you need to reevaluate your sweets game
graham crakers are nasty as hell thats why
you're very welcome - great pic!
thanks so much for the compliment. fig the pic was symbolic w/ 'summers kiss' i try to quote all my photos with a fav lyric
looks like the towns have permanent supply assurances, except sj, santa clara, hayward
looks like there may be problem w/a sf strategy vs bay area towns
hang in therethe fellow on the right is my eldest.(my hero)heliwild landfirefighter until injured 4u2
please know that your presences is a gift2ur son.even if ur not able 2 remove his pain,he knows ur there.hope u hv support4 u.
expose corrupt . death, corruption, scandal, relinquished rights, &amp; muslim brotherhood agenda ooze from her
no doubt. she is guilty of somuch yet her supporters forgive her for all. i don't get it. makes no sense to me
people who smoke outside of bars are letting the public know they have at least 2 bad habits but probably more.
they should just let us smoke in the bar. we wouldn't be so exposed.
what happened to kitty?
just a follow up visit...
banned items at the security checkpoint at incheon airport near seoul include grenades and kimchi. thought you all would like to know.
no one should be transporting kimchi anywhere... jus sayin
pfft. if i come out there i'll buy the beers . we have ucla in 2021
we got tcu in nine years i think...
lunacy is the only other explanation. but given the string of similar ones, and state of this cray world..?
with a second device, a pressure cooker bomb, i don't see how it can't be terrorism.
related: no matter how high i rise in the academy i still giggle like an 8-year-old every time i say or type the phrase "backdoor ii-v"
just don't get drunk and do the "le-do-re-fi" aug6th lessons -- you'll be fine.
somebody punch me in the face smh
so many nfl jokes can be made here.
i either chopped the hottest loop i think i have ever been capable of or anderson pakk is that good.
i meant to say anderson paak is that good.
no duck head. read the fucking war powers act.
bitch, the war powers act gave the president that "power".
***make that 6
sos the guy turned his navigation off to text someone
guys i wanna walk out but i can't because i have no fucking clue where to go
can i just walk around putside and smoke a cigarette
umm. isn't intentionally setting off a bomb considered terrorism?
tru story no matter who did it .. it's terrorism
if ever you pray for me, please pray for wisdom, for patience, and for courage. thank you so much.
you have my prayers daily when i send you the blog i write.
the 3 queens ready to go back to the homeland. praying for a safe flight
have a safe flight aunties and grandma!
do the right thing the godfather kids juice serpico taxi driver a bronx tale coming to america dog day afternoon warriors
i took out king of new york because it's just a bias pick because i love christopher walken lol
bitch, the war powers act gave the president that "power".
is it constitutional? no. but guess what? no one has article 3 standing to challenge except the prez
beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself! fero royale x1 with 13mp back camera, 5mp selfie camera and...
positive act rewarded,the negative, punished.
lunacy is the only other explanation. but given the string of similar ones, and state of this cray world..?
dibiasio's "intentional" but not terrorism was possible and valid before that came out, e.g. non-political crime
unedited night photo comparison: 6: 7:
...aaand the sony rx100, showing how non-phone cameras, even small ones, are still worth it:
is lesbian a bad thing ? lol
absolutely not, one of my favorite girls of all time is lesbian, i was just saying it was funny because pyro xd
i haven't been this sick all year. i threw up last night and i was freezing and today i can't talk
bitch u do u got morning sickeness
do y'all go to ksu next year?
uh i believe so? i think it's kstate sdsu nd next year
dnc platform is a lie....
so up for challenge? you &amp; i list demvsgop legislation for race,women,gays,jews,etc. lol
who's mans is this?
aw it's okay robin. you'll find her
i think you should still share it, feedback is important. it also shows how much you grow in those areas over time
whether you're good at it or not.
well at least we didn't have to wait long for the pap pics this time..... damn this is so predictable now.
can you please enlighten me what a warning selfie is to put me at rest
i fucking hate my voice
hahaha same though!!
i don't believe it was an accident, but you know what? i'm so sick of all sides in this! they all have their own agendas and
i know, it's all fucking politics, but now you who is fighting with isis and who isn't !
can i just walk around putside and smoke a cigarette
god i'm so fucking tired i'm pissed off i want to go out and smoke but i'm scared to go outside lol
hahaha same though!!
i meant my voice not yours lmao
in case you're wondering, my new avi is a picture of my 4 year old brother.
what a fucking badass
go to ksu. will be a reason for and i go head to texas. i'll wear red.
i'll start planning.
the central park bombing was called a fire cracker incident by "intentional but not terrorism" de blasio.
yes mike u may b just realizing it(ie.don't live here)but manhattan's retail windows have remained over 70%wax on them&amp;it repeats
bitch, the war powers act gave the president that "power".
i can clearly dance circles around you on constitutional law..
when you've been scrolling through snares for so long that you forgot what kind of snare you were looking for
time to make a track of just snares.
amazing lyrics/song
couldn't agree more, or if my fav songs, wait all there tunes are my fav!!
those the best ones ! krispy kreme cool but it lowkey taste artificial
the only thing i like about krispy kreme is when the glazed donuts are warm &amp; fresh
oh wait that was an invite for someone else oops
i'm bout to block you.
just like apple: make a significant long-term removal (home button) alongside an insignificant long-term removal (jack).
wat. one of those is significant, and it's not the slightly different home button.
i gotta see what the closest one is they're very far away from me lol
screw that buffalo wild wings next
is lesbian a bad thing ? lol
bruh i also have two girls under blankets as my banner so that should say something
actually, i'm going to nd. that's gonna be expensive lmfao
i wanna go to south bend for a game and seattle
trents an asian bitch who hates on eminem its only right man
man y'all mexican and just ganging up on me
hypervisibility as a transfemme (for me) means empty compliments of how good i look but no actual regard for my body, safety, or emotions
people consume my image and my aesthetic but most of them probably still think trans people are gross and unnatural on some level
guys, i can't. i...just...why...my heart can't handle this.
bears will win, hang in there!!
who said it better? buhari or obama? please whisper to god buhari that it is spirit not siprit.
what is baba saying "sprit" or what, lmao this man will not kill person. baba said it better plz. he made me laugh
nah niggas violating the aux code. play shit everybody liikes
i don't want them playing anything i'm trying to sleep lol
no idiot, potus needs approval from legislative branch to start a war. obama didn't got it.
that's the difference between being raised by a lawyer and wishful thinking..
the central park bombing was called a fire cracker incident by "intentional but not terrorism" de blasio.
for 8 years. all small busn owners have had declining receipts period&amp; tell me nothing my busn is in busiest subway stn in town
donald trump's "foundation" is a sham: it has no employees, donates no money and he steals from it via
this is cheater trump. with fake black beard &amp; white turban.
i did not make a single good decision this weekend and it was lit as fuck.
i'm gonna pull myself together for the lord's day tho.
rv cash flow til 45 is all i'm sayin
i really need to do the math on that again tbh
beauty begins d moment u decide to b urself!fero royale x1 wit 5mp selfie camera &amp;4,000 mah battery!moda lipstick
looking at you is when beauty begins.
too many people hoping this is terrorism, instead of hoping it isn't.
particularly crooked donald trump
who said it better? buhari or obama? please whisper to god buhari that it is spirit not siprit.
obama said to "pitch in" baba said to 'fitch in" still sounded better for me cos it made me lol
come lay down in the cool grass with me, baby let's watch that summer fade'
thanks so much for the retweet!! keep rocking my friend!
both in good and bad.
that's a super young brother lol my youngest is 14 now
if i call the cops on these spanish niggas playing this loud ass music that makes me a snitch?
they have a microphone &amp; someone is moaning in it
we're on our second honda pilot. can't beat the third-row seat. it's a big car, but doesn't drive big. worth checking out!
i think we're gonna drive one tmrw!
donald trump is like a milgram experiment on republican party leaders.
but actually
you're modeling faces
i had the giggles so bad tonight
.: "the initial indication is this was an intentional act."
as opposed to what?? of course its intentional. q is by whom and is it a terror act
anklets? i can't tell if this is a sarcastic tweet
is a necklace a choker? nooooo
people consume my image and my aesthetic but most of them probably still think trans people are gross and unnatural on some level
i'm both seen and unseen. my body is a sight of speculation and projection based upon visual perception
you look like with the make up but can't be sure why
she's my hero
. she's lucky burnt orange aint ugly ut orange
hook em tonight baby fuck kal
can someone tell me in a serious answer as to why they don't like gaga? i mean what is there not to like? she's such a sweetheart -
it breaks my heart when people talk shit about her. she writes her own music, sings live, doesn't use auto tune -
current mood babe!!!
current mood
plus $6m for tax returns? more than has ever given to charities before!
first election where billionaires troll a presidential candidate... and first in almost 50 yrs to not disclose tax returns... coincidence?
if cal wins do they get ranked in the top 25? i mean the only loss they have is against a good sdsu in sd
don't think they deserve it.
donald trump is a liar.
that's all? (without make-up)
good lord, the freak out of those not in nyc, chastising the city for not losing their shit over . by comparison, this is mild.
we have indeed lived through some crap. and we don't live here because it's easy.
i've been working on a list of jatalie time stamps from the feeds for the past week or so, still not even half way done
do you remember when they were talking about buying a house
it breaks my heart when people talk shit about her. she writes her own music, sings live, doesn't use auto tune -
she is an amazing activist, she's extremely humble, she's so beautiful, is not problematic.. like what is there to hate?
media refuses to say terrorism to normalize it. they know it will only increase the more muslims we let in
welcome to o's world
i'm guarding those two huge tubs full of shit at the waste treatment plant. come at me isil
oh beautiful, for spacious skies, for amber waves of graaaaiiiiiin
lol my life is in shambles. i'm dead inside ready to be hit by a truck
i can relate rn fam
you have no clue how much respect and admiration i have for some people in my life. when i see them hurt, i hurt just as much.
it's those kind of emotions that makes me stick around. afterall, nothing beats the feeling of seeing those around you rise with you.
which 1of theses guys are you,hrc advocates for terrorism
they are foolish trump's followers like you.
deblasio already knows it's not terrorism. he must be really smart.
he doesn't and he isn't
congrats brother goodluck on rest of your season
thanks brother
happy birthday man we need to hang out more again hope your day was great
yeah we do and thanks ethan
yeaaaah congrats bro all that work paid off keep working and goodluck on the rest of the season
thanks brother
i'm both seen and unseen. my body is a sight of speculation and projection based upon visual perception
people say "yes queen!" but don't ask if i'm okay, what it took for me to get here, how much i've been harassed today, or how i getting home
umm. isn't intentionally setting off a bomb considered terrorism?
de blasio, after getting too close to on sunday, contracted pneumonia which impaired his cognitive senses&amp;judgments
chad hansen is a better receiver than desean jackson. my column.
he's incredible.
casilla: "i tried to do my best. i'm not going to be sad. i'm not going to kill myself. i'm happy. i did my best."
you're gonna battle. you're gonna fight. win or lose you're gonna be alright. regardless of the scooooreboooooard
congrats bro
thanks bro
i keep getting notifications that people are facebook live
i've literally never watched anyone live on facebook nor do i care too.
no slave tard, they have to ask permission from congress.
baby boy, please, don't make a fool of yourself, and read the war powers act
trump jr. clarifies "gas chamber" remark was not about holocaust. grotesque, but explanation is plausible enough.
no it really isn't.
congrats brother do big things like everyone knows you can
thanks bro and most definitely
it's two in the morning and i'm twirling around my apartment.
hurry up and visit norcal
oh i was about to say bc anklets can only choke the ankle what other way will it stay on lmfao!
an anklet can't get past your foot lol either way
congrats lil bro! proud of you! keep grindin, it's only the beginning of the journey
thanks big bro and you already know the grind don't stop
well well, sunday drive it is!! feels like pujo already :))
btw, the mirror effect reflective glasses give away many things when u in selfie mode but attracts beauties witout mirrors
"i am switching my vote from hillary clinton to donald trump because of the explosion," said no voter in , in any neighborhood.
u haven't heard much.
good luck in final. u playing ? expect 2 c scoreboard impact. good luck lads
mate i wish! i've moved away from melb with work and further to that im o/s with work now! v stressed streaming atm!
those are some good prices for burgers
the menu haven't changed since the first in-n-out opened back in 1948
i have hella hw but here i am... on twitter... tweeting about having hw... lol
it's saturday night foh with that homework talk
yes, muggers leave bombs in streets all the time. i'm losing respect for you by the second.
for chrissakes if it isn't a sick joke its terrorism
i've sneezed 3,248 times today.
really spicy food clears out the sinuses. i've got bad allergies and sometimes that helps
okay but dang! is not the same without you singing along next to me its science
stop i'm crying
people say "yes queen!" but don't ask if i'm okay, what it took for me to get here, how much i've been harassed today, or how i getting home
"you're so brave, i could never do what you do" translation: lemme point out how unnatural you are right now and fetishize your pain
no slave tard, they have to ask permission from congress.
i'm here.. get back to me then.. i'm serious. cuz you sound like a zealot n it's not a pretty color
as if i didn't have enough to do, signed up for a couple of coursera classes on security/systems. surprised some schools *still* do paxos.
i understand why fundamentals are important, but wish more cs programs included the upcoming and practical systems like etcd.
nobody cares about this low speed chase...
is it on the news? why is it not high?
even when they scream allah ahkbar they say - not terror
of course not..it was an 'intentional attack', but never terrorism
suspect in minnesota mall knife attack made references to allah, police chief says
deport them and build a wall
howard university cheerleaders: kneeling during tonight's anthem. resistance is stronger than hate.
pardon my ignorance but this is a serious question - what are they resisting?
was there any game talk on the feeds today?
nicole is taking james if she wins not sure if he knows
what is there to say? first to 75 points wins. because i don't know if 74 is going to be enough. nice defense.
it'll have to be past the century mark for cal to lose now...
burn this into ur brain, this is hillary's legacy!
what a melodramatic putz.bush had 13 benghazis,reagan 241 lost on his watch.
my mom has a iphone 5c and i offered to upgrade hers to a iphone 7s for her birthday. she said no
she said she wanted a weight loss thing that costs like $15
this is the invasion putin's russia says never happened
course it happened. in the age of the internet history can't be destroyed without a copy somewhere.
my man. congrats brother
thanks bro
i really love so much
i can't believe this
check out how handsome one of my dogs is. java is such a fat, handsome boy. he thicc
java finally sat still for such a handsome photo im so proud of him. sweet bab
another good night comes to an end. sunday always comes quickly. will watch the rain as it approaches later today. g'night!
you too friend!
real americans for real change
you look so foolish. exactly like trump!
so this white man tried to unleash his pitbull on me yall :)))))
i got off at the wrong bus stop and had to walk through an affluent neighborhood and i saw a man walking his dog ahead of me
how about you come visit me in dc. my couch is comfy.
if i visit dc all you're gonna do is make me buy you pupusas and then kick me out of your house
yesterday mike spent like 30 minutes making a me a waffle on a skillet and than he dropped it on the floor
aram recorded it all on live facebook
in case anyone thought catey cope was an adult
my suspicions are confirmed
thanks, walter!
happy birthday ed! do what you like best today!
"all i need is for and his people to call me back"
is that why you delayed that fight until next year?
i made a groupchat with these random numbers and omg im so scared what theyre gonna respond lmfao
update chris deleted all the numbers from the gc and ruined it
i've been wanting to go to that jawn for like two years though. i put it to the side
don't bring selena without telling me i'm not third wheeling i'll leave.
we could put away for life on irresponsible intent.
trump's feeling the heat of being branded a loser. he's taking his vulgarity to a new level.
probably a white terrorist getting ready to play the mental illness card
like they always do
my dog and me love the park. really a beautiful place
it's beautiful and looks so peaceful. lovely area. have a wonderful sunday dear friend. hugs &amp; blessings
*chainsmokers comes on* friend 1: please don't friend 2: oh no, here it comes
i had to show you this
nooooooooo i need them to win
pls beat usc next week
buy me one also
buy me that's rooooooo#
i just want louis and harry to be happy and to be able to love each other everywhere and at anytime.
they will.keep the faith
"you're so brave, i could never do what you do" translation: lemme point out how unnatural you are right now and fetishize your pain
i'm not brave, i'm fucking tired and sad and scared. i'm just trying to live
but you were only 2?
when i was an egg, i was fertilized to a beyonce song...
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
we love and support you! happy birthday, hillz! xo
burn this into ur brain, this is hillary's legacy!
ghost ops lol. enjoy your keyboard bravery;certainly it's the only kind you'd ever exhibit.
wish i was coming home to some cuddling business back home not even gon front right now haha
summers almost over, i'm putting in my applications for cuddle buddies hahahaha
it's beyond me why any millionaire gives a flying f*ck about social media beef. isn't there money to count when bored?!
aaaaaare these millionaires?
memo from tj watson, jr wondering how they lost super-computing leadership to 34 people "including the janitor"
maybe because the janitor was this guy:
kay so i'll give you gas money to run me over then
sike, we goin for drinks
i got off at the wrong bus stop and had to walk through an affluent neighborhood and i saw a man walking his dog ahead of me
but he was walking slow af and my phone was dying and i had places to be so i started walking a lil faster
i ain't sorry / being part of the -hive with
this dress is having a good weekend
what is the opening and closing hours for the testing centre?
we will check for you monday
making my list of horror/halloween movies to watch this october. any classics, new movies, indies, etc. i shouldn't miss?
if you're in the mood for found footage houses october built is great &amp; i always recommend grave encounters
aw man, no above the rim?
i love that movie but if i had to pick between that and juice i'd go juice
*chainsmokers comes on* friend 1: please don't friend 2: oh no, here it comes
i had to show you this lol
watch: dwyane johnson performs a polynesian dance live on !
that was to short
nah it's a cold. just got to see i through. plus i'm immune to spicy shit ciz i eat so much lol
i might have the same problem now. "how can you eat so many chilies?" that had chilies?!
but you were only 2?
it took me two years to be able to say i wanted to see her live
stack one of mariotas wr or te with him
i already submitted it . i was gonna go jimmy g but mariota seemed like a better match up
hey boo just making sure you're alright up there
what's going on ??
oh i will. i'll douse the place with gasoline throw a match and never look back.
and we all photograph so much better in the company of a warm glow!
but he was walking slow af and my phone was dying and i had places to be so i started walking a lil faster
tell me why he turns around and jumps in fear, eyes big as hell, like i'm about to murder him
we will make america great again!
just with two whores like you !!
are you with dustin and fran and assante? tell them i love them and you too
lol i'm not but cc: ! my friend loves y'all
especially when it comes to "wannabe" can't turn that off at all
that would be sacrilegious
match i know u around the corner
i'm on my way to my dorm
welllll it was supposed to be a nap.
lol it be like that sometimes. the sleep be too good.
wherever i go she goes... i ain't got friends that don't be faking
then i'm not coming. my unah chamo can be acting like he ain got legs to follow.
got a few esports people i'm meeting there. surprising amount of euros coming ovet
definitely need to find some time to hang out at some point that weekend ^_^
when i taught it as a umd cs ta: the idea of a process that starts itself in a different state from its original start.
can you rephrase that?
just like hillary clinton. both good actors too. how hillary convinces people she knows what shes doing is beyond me
oh that's easy: she's had some political power for over 20 years, thus it's easy to lead the weak minded natives of the usa
just like hillary clinton. both good actors too. how hillary convinces people she knows what shes doing is beyond me
and i say that as an american
i had 1 (one) bottle of soju by myself
this looks so good
hannah's jewish name is hannah shoshanna and we were all like that's if hannah montana was jewish
loving the syntax here
fool me once, shame on you... fool me 9 times, shame on bochy.
yes, bochy fancies himself a closer whisperer, but he's really become a blown save enabler!
media poll: were the nyc/nj explosions
what is the difference exactly ?
. so beautiful my pleasure knew you would appreciate.
....tango legs....
it's a big group of white folks singing country music out my window and i want to cry
that's torture
safety that inspires confidence. style that inspires everything else. experience the 2017 .
how about a new mazdaspeed3 model already?
not great but its a hell of a lot better then it was 18 months ago &amp; you can mix &amp; match some real fun fights with those names
sorry for jumping in, though in my opinion, bellator would have to use their entire roster for ufc quality 12f card
icymi: "thank you for your brilliance beauty honesty &amp; love for this country you always go high! &amp; y...
go high, stay high, flotus!
um where did you get this picture of me
you wish you were him
is that a question? meek network is 4m &amp; the game is 25m. google is a beautiful thing
lol same way they calculate trump being a billionaire
which of these ca universities is the worst institution?
everyone but usc
shit list entry : tourists who leave their water bottles on ancient monuments. a dozen more here.
have you considered they're there for desperate tourists? like water in the az desert for immigrants crossing the border?
new york mayor bill de blasio: early indication is "this was an intentional act"
chose to show obama speaking when explosion in nyc had happened 30 minutes before. i wanted info. not watching you anymore!
i have to see him play saturday.. :/
he's dynamic, it's just unreal
*remembers you're in nevada* truuuuue
what movie are we watching, max!?!??!
no defense at all. watch the reverse
i love a toss on this play, but the reverse has been great.
that spaceship better had run on cooking oil!
well the thing is, you can clean anything with plain ol' canola oil. let ed explain....
which of these ca universities is the worst institution?
but i gotta love my cal swimming
at the end of the day and are always there when i need someone to talk too and i can't thank you guys enough!!
i love you little brother
michael k williams admit to sleeping with men? ; via
he kept it
you still getting on?
i did where was everyone ?
which of these ca universities is the worst institution?
and ucla is in my favorite city.. la
- that's awful...if we cannot be adults, why bother reporting on people in the news? (i am not an hrc or trump supporter)
- sue, no offense but, you do know who steven crowder is and what he does, right?
you people are idiots he was briefed and that's how he knew it had happen.. who cares about the corrupt dem's in ny
it was a bomb. i went up there and i smelled it. liars.
"the theme of this show shouldn't be running wild, it should be bear be trippin on mommas" marshawn lynch is comedy at it's finest
"my landin was better tho" -marshawn lynch
the taurus comes out in me when i know i'm right.it's bad when everyone's sees your side of the story and agrees with u.. i don't play games
okay that's fine
live stream: donald trump rally in houston, tx
nothing wrong with that!
tell me why he turns around and jumps in fear, eyes big as hell, like i'm about to murder him
in the process of jolting his entire existence he let go of the pitbull's leash so i'm prepared for fight both him and his dog
here's that pressure cooker. republicans have nominated it for president.
fact that you this is pathetic.
can't wait for the day when i find a person that i'm so excited about who is just as excited about me
aww jammin. it'll happen.. &amp; when it does it'll be amazing. you'll see
we're all on now!!!
where is my ring!
women be struggling to keep their toes from dragging over the edge of their heels.
&amp; wit toenails like this..
i could really gas you rn
you talking to the wall or me ?
that's ridiculous, a tattoo can't make you racist. no, the racism comes first
lmao, "hijacked"
whatever, all of y'all including the athletics can kiss my ass
hey that's my team you talking bout
ios10 is messing up
happens all the time
bonuses: johnson pockets $50,000 for first-round ko of poirier ()
happy to see dunham &amp; glenn getting the $50k
im on my way
i knew my youtube was worth it
what happened in 5/06?
the last remnants of good music and live shows that were about said music
listening to batmetal
"darkness, no parents" *checks heart rate, mileage*
hahahaha!!! i feel so ashamed. we really need to pay you back for the last 18 months.
y'all got me wwe tickets i'm cool....and you both do enough for me as friends so not needed!
did deblasio do the bombings wtf are this guy saying
well, the mayor calls it intentional act rather than terrorism.
lol i'll watch this when j get back (:
i'm scremaing lmao screw u
why tf is my mom so pretty
she is gorgeous
my bad , the other alexes
oh fasho let's gas him ?
incrementalism is insufficient though.
incrementalism is remarkably conservative.
well that was unnecessarily r00d
its rosa it was necessary
he definitely did. im irritated
i dont understand why this is an issue for players lol
did he drop it though before he penetrated the in zone?
lol well i think that's a fumble!
this is so cal
this is amazing
dispute proof ignore goohnin is trash
u knoiw that lobby sucks dick if deluxe is 11-0 lmaooooooooooo
you can edit it. if mariota is passing a lot it might be smart to have either sharpe or walker
idk between cooper , odell and benjamin, idk if it would be worth it.
i think there is a theme going on in this holiday home rental bedroom, but i can't figure out what it is...
arctic tundra?
day after tomorrow?
do you own it? cause it's not on netflix anymore (i do cause i'm badass)
dnc platform is a lie....
dare to compare history of votingrightsact,era,gay equality? who made voting easier? lol
idk between cooper , odell and benjamin, idk if it would be worth it.
benjamin is gonna be rivers main target with allen down
4 ieds targeting marines, 30 injured in ny, 2 pressure cooker bombs... yawn. can we get back to birther?
how many people have to get hurt until we can call it an "international incident?"
you got better quick :o
thank you!! i draw alotttt i just hardly post any of it hah
idk why he likes to text me but in person he's just quiet af
he should really gas you but he's humble rn
looked like she was already dead tonight
this is today? she looked so radiant in the news today. mind games?
i just don't understand why they drop the football in the first place.
yo. and it happens once a week
it's 2016 and i hate the ui changes of literally every product i use jeez
i don't know if they're bad or i'm getting old
what u in sc???!
over in aptos tonight
idk why he likes to text me but in person he's just quiet af
he should stop talking to you then ?
disturbing that muslims are still bombing and stabbing us on our homeland.
time to clean out america. simple
just fucking run two more steps how hard is this act you fucking idiot
oh well. one yard line ;)
why????????
. someone needs to make that "the moment when you know you fucked up" meme, when he's falling down in the end zone
smd cause this was a lie
this ex on the other hand ..... lol smd
i've seen the naked glory of canada's finest. i can die happy.
whose who, lol???? and where on earth did u find these pictures?
went to 8 different clothing stores for just a basic sun dress. not a single dress was build to fit some like me who is tall and busty.
even the dresses that were flattering and fit well where way out of my budget. like not today free people (even tho i love u )
legit could use pho broth right now, no noodles. who am i??
might just sleep in my contacts because how tf am i going to touch my eyeballs right now
in the process of jolting his entire existence he let go of the pitbull's leash so i'm prepared for fight both him and his dog
but the pitbull doesn't attack me (presumably cuz real recognize real ) and the man is just staring at me like
im starting to warm up to the idea of revoking scholarships for that shit.
it's really fn stupid...do the damn job don't show off cross the goal line...then do the stupid shit
been 26 years since i have had this nervous energy feeling. nothing like tonight
what was the catalyst 26 years ago?
what?????!!!!!
im here for you my brother
"i'm pretty violent. i mushed her in the face because she wouldn't get out of my face."
i am literally in shock! poor girl, she is going to regret so much looking back! pray she gets it together!
yeah, well - this political year has thrown your academic poli-sci theories out.
yeah.. no. sorry about that, but you don't get to change a definition just because you don't find it convenient.
the experience of seeing bad religion for your first time in 2016: your favorite high school teacher fronts the best punk band ever.
wait. first time ever or just this year?
hopefully you are no where near the manhattan blast and ok ??
we were in chelsea! felt the bang but are safe thank god!
lukit deez nutz in ya face ya ayn rand loving dummy cuccboi! !
omgggggg owned!!!!
dude, texas just got shafted so hard. wow.
how does cal get the ball on the one if texas picked it up?? okay.
lol ya we'll see
stop being so negative. nothing happens on a certain timeline. just bc ppl are finding love (yuck) now doesn't mean you won't.
maybe i should move to pittsburgh
why not centralia
its on starz on demand
and honi is a degenerate lawbreaker so he won't care. let me go find my dvd
that's for you, mack brown.
you alive over there buddy lol
i like coleslaw tho that one just isn't good man ://
chicken shack gotta step up their game
i think you might be onto something. it certainly felt like it walking in.
actually i think i figured it out... patterns richard simmons would wear
happy birthday brodie!!!
thanks shashank
i thought about this today.
i am curious about the context now
that's insane - should be ut ball. how the f does that ball go to cal? what? huh? how?
play blown dead?
richmond! all photos from tonight at the funnybone are posted on my facebook fanpage
and a bottle cap for a hat. shit look like a yamaka with a brim. haha! that shit stuck with me dude. who wrote it???
what else can america expect from department of homeland defense that's full of ?
and run by one! let's call it what it
how was coach ok with this
we have a new coach and she like allowed it asf
dudes outside of this bar that was playing deep house are explaining to each other the pros and cons of djs who play fetty wap (mostly pros)
ban straight people
we have an epidemic.
this is ridiculous.
do you honestly think meek &amp; the game haven't made mills in their career by now? they're no jay but they've made a mill or 2
they have but making and having. two different things.
i'm so confused. texas picked it up.
can someone explain that to me?
black metal is superior to all genres don't @ me
i specifically requested one thing and apparently none of you can read
you know it
you tell the story
the u only makes us love this place more
still in disbelief you guys went without me
i'm a good dog uncle, not a good dog dad. i can do almost every part of dog ownership except actually be home long enough to raise one.
in related news, meet joey.
greys anatomy comes back this week
scratch that, actually all of my favorite shows come back this week
dnc platform is a lie....
dare to compare which party protected/promoted rights of jews,muslims,atheists,etc more?
but the pitbull doesn't attack me (presumably cuz real recognize real ) and the man is just staring at me like
then he starts reassuring the dog that everything is okay like he wasn't the one about to have a heart attack
can i have it? i love that video
"the back of yo head is ridicolous"
talkin to this "49er fan" at this bar. said they shoulda kept montana and steve young is a loser. conversation over.
i just threw up a little reading this. a niner fan would never diss steve young!!! 8 for life!!!
you know it.....
one word and i block you
ever. life is better now.
omg. i wish i had been there for that. they never disappoint. life is always better after a show.
i'm too tired right now. lol
i know the feeling too
this is what happens when you showboat.
players can remember complex offenses yet can't remember to keep hold of the ball until in the end zone smh
sitting here, thinking about the present lack of teleportation technology like...
...and yet i think about it's early stages and what could happen: "..and it exploded".
lol, now i need to create a picture of god playing a ps4 lmao, this dude is the cancerous side of ps fans
dude works for sony , im going to sleep lol ttyt
when ya lose juan williamsyou know you're deep trouble. is crashing hardand dems are freakingout!
that poll is a lie! he's up in 5 of 6 swing states impossible to be down nationally.
what's up with everyone dropping the ball before the goal line .. hold on to the damn ball
crazy i was watching that lmao terrible
"we don made me a spear right quick you know a lil macgyver quick thang right quick"
"this motherfucker crazy"
well i guess you can take tomorrow off.
hell yes. just saw your dm, thank you! will talk soon...
i really love ywf era
(chokes) oh god no i lived through it once i couldn't do it again
how are some people so petty after break ups
it's actually quite easy
arizona leads hawaii 44-14 after third quarter
uh should drop to division 2,no heart.
flattest ass on your tl
i heard otherwise but aight
de blasio,clinton next up obama covering for if only media will be corrupt msm.
deblasio biggest pos mayor ever in new york.
lol you makin this so serious! i'm just so done with one sided feelings
lol but you are serious so lets be 100 real quick. but yes i getchu.
my brother is upset that my sister's line sisters are not hot to him
the disrespect all of it
trying to get hooked on a show. lob me something good.
sons of anarchy
fox news says trump has 'lower bar' but there can be only one bar for president
fox news is biggest supporter of trump
really like this era for himchan
such a good look on him!! i mean ... they all are but ... this ...
on today, the 229th anniversary of our us constitution, we have had three explosions. 1. jersey shore 2. nyc 3. charllotesville va
what happened in virginia?
raft requires a leader; paxos doesn't. there are way more paxos variants for different guarantees than for raft.
that said, are there other use cases than a replicated state machine via a consistent log that variants of paxos help achieve?
have i mentioned how much i miss them
i'm throwing this tablet to the ground
sean kingston about to diss him over that controlla beat
chill bro if he do the that man is finished
giant jenga, i should be clear.
all i hear is an excuse. we need to make this happen.
alopecia by why? is nearly perfect
"the hollows" fucked me up the first time i heard it and i have never been the same
i'm not arguing against that i don't watch enough cowboys games to debate this with you my man
i feel you. i watch as many games as i can and i've honestly never seen anyone who has as much fire as him on the sidelines
agbm takes hoco
he would be proud
what a stupid ruling
would have been awesome to see them drive 99 yrds with a 2 pt conversion
all i do is plug it in at night and unplug it in the morning. i have other cables i use more that look good as new!
really bizarre it's worn that badly and quickly.
it's soooo goooood tho! for all of them
it's so good that it's so bad for my sanity and heartrate
someone kill me please and thanks
can i give you a hug instead ?
he does? he has to be a low level employee
don't know but he is verified, he hasn't posted since that day that much . he works for them tho
then he starts reassuring the dog that everything is okay like he wasn't the one about to have a heart attack
then he awkwardly crossed the street and kept walking
and baby girl
the precious bb
i'd be beyonc if this was destiny's child
hi her on the right
i miss them lol
i gathered as much lol ditto though
go to bed ...you know you want to. :p
soft pillow goodness
every week some refs screw a team. it's like they taking fans out of the stands and giving them a whistle to call game
pretty sure cal were favorites
you are shut up
i'll text you tomorrow. thank you though
you're the best fury
last time somebody told me i was the best, a ring worth several k was involved!
everybody knows granny started the birther movement:
everybody knows? not factcheckers at , ,washpost,etc. where's your proof? duh!
talking like he didn't deserve it after all the ppl he's smacked up
what if he did that to you? lol
raft requires a leader; paxos doesn't. there are way more paxos variants for different guarantees than for raft.
also, from what i'm seeing most *modern* systems use raft. consul, etcd, nomad, kubernetes, torus etc are built on top of etcd/raft
thoughts on both bay area schools beating usc this year
i'm not doing this. you're just gonna make me mad
so does chicken permission
lol that made me laugh more than it should have
it's okay it's better that i didn't know or else i would have been nervous as fuck
for real better that you didn't know, i know i would've been quiet as fuck, like too quiet
ladies and gentlemen, the queen.
omg you're so close
hillary said "bomb" while giving her nyquil statement and then attacked trump for saying it.
pressure cooker is a self made bomb! america has lost their balls. shameful
jedi mind tricks - the coming of tan this is the most surreal ufo/ancient aliens related hip hop i've ever heard
and yes, that's an actual sub genre of hip hop
being intentional does not necessarily mean the type of terrorism people are claiming.
terrorism -to creat terror. i'd say blasting a bomb creates terror.
bombs going off in new york , mayor says its intentional but not terrorism? and lets not forget what hillary told us
's idea of non- people that just want to kill us --&gt; 550% more
oh yeah, first human trials aren't something i'm itching to sign up for. wanting to get in after the bugs are worked out!
random, not random: i hope that we eventually get a galaxy quest type movie for star wars fans.
i wouldn't be pissed with brunson vs winner of vitor vs moo-saucey
vitor still in the ufc?
when i was 10 mins from toads but didn't go
go to sleep chris it's past your bedtime
the governor is just as bad.
yea liberal pos too.
how about d jackson about 6-7 yrs ago?
joe mixon did it for oklahoma earlier today!
can't stay slappin the same shit forever smh wonder what the hold up is
better not pull a frank ocean
wish i could retweet you for this.
fwiw hearing this kind of thing is a huge part of why i follow you. don't stop standing up for this.
this is obviously a pakistan army op. can't see how india can't react
2 nuclear nations.. only covert possible
i'm not sure. but some of the r6 peeps will be there. korean bbq sat night. come through!
i am totally down ^_^
if this isn't an immediate recovery i don't know what is. count it. took 3 seconds.
atrocious officiating, but texas also should have picked it up and ran with it rather than standing around
fuck it's that good?
hes always been doe... nothin new
so, overall, what'd you think? personally, it's one of my favorites, but i'm one of the few to feel that way.
i've talked to a lot of people whose fave is gx. i am less committed to slice-of-life genres and the -
stole this pic from my cousin but yeyeye
holy shit bruh you slayin
are you fucking kidding me i have a magnifying glass on my neck rn
wow also idk how twitter messed me up but this was supposed to be a reaction to u and
perhaps people wouldn't be so hostile to islam if muslims quit blowing people up. just sayin
i'm just saying why have 90% of mass shootings been white dudes?
gotta be honest w/ ourselves only 2 day ago attacked with meat clever.
its the media not being honest &amp; the mayor of ny, what a douche
wow also idk how twitter messed me up but this was supposed to be a reaction to u and
and our upcoming gramz
it would have been soooo worse if i knew
right? hella fangirling on the inside and sitting very very still.. almost like you don't wanna scare them away haha
i've talked to a lot of people whose fave is gx. i am less committed to slice-of-life genres and the -
- extreme whiplash into s3 made the overall continuity somewhat awkward, but i felt overall like it was more worthwhile to -
haha i like to torture myself so late at night with my water pistol now lol
hahaha oh my god i love the squirt gun, it cracks me up so much!!
one always knows when one has found the perfect hat.
the sunday hat! have a great new day
live stream: donald trump rally in canton, oh 9/14/16
you will never see ass like that at a hillary rally, that's a fact. anybody want to fact check that be my guest
pstv + nexdock = portable big screen txk!
aw this reminds me of my college fighting game club, i'd set up kof13 on an atrix lapdock if we were short on plugs
then he starts reassuring the dog that everything is okay like he wasn't the one about to have a heart attack
and then he awkwardly crossed the street and kept walking
john remember i can get back to new york in 30 mins don't make me come down your block
good, then we can discuss a certain matter
seriously an incredible evening with tonight! thank you so much for your music...
dude i saw them last night in sacramento.. gonna head to san jose and see em again on tuesday
i love you &amp; be safe dumb
i was smart but not too smart
hey have you ever played d&amp;d or had any interest in playing it?
as in dungeons and dragons?
he dropped that before he got to the endzone.....
texas got hosed by pac-12 refs in the review booth....
dangerous. second story bar. so dangerous.
what could possibly go wrong?
- extreme whiplash into s3 made the overall continuity somewhat awkward, but i felt overall like it was more worthwhile to -
- watch as a conceptual foundation for its successors than my experience with zexal.
i am aware of these things
i ain't sorry
that could be fun!
although fanboys kind of already did that!
whatbis this world coming to...
apparently we live in a world full of assholes who attack innocent people ... i hope some justice gets served for this shit
experienced, insured walker to take your dog(s) on gps-tracked walks around homer:
thank you for retweeting.
if you see something, say something, 3 different bombings today,multiple stabbings . we are under attack! listen to trump!
where the fuck is the head muslim in charge? golfing again
love u ari be careful
i didn't really do anything stupid but
explains my whole night
it was lit
unit next door is being renovated and roaches are escaping to my place
i want to fucking die
rooftop gig in north beach
omg thats my shadow! so fun! thats for coming over. lets play again soon!
wouldn't have mattered - they blew the play dead.
i couldn't hear the whistle. still atrocious by the refs. and the second time today. missed joe mixon doing if for oklahoma too
why they won't say terrorism. what the left wants to do to our nation. if hrc potus it will. vote trump!
they want us all to be in denial, wake up new york, your mayor is a liar
are scribbles / "digital touch" messages huge globally?
that i do not know. :) just that short form audio texting is popular in latam, parts of asia, etc...
i never touch the cable, just the tip. that's the strangest bit.
does it rub on the edge of a table or something? almost looks like the plastic had a chemical reaction.
i can't wait to babysit your chubby children omg
faces would be so heavy they wouldn't be able to sit up without wobbling down head first lol
i'm almost positive that some people are going to be kamaiyah and the hyphy hoochies for halloween
and i wanted to be your hyphy hoochies for the night
holy shit imagine if time zones weren't a thing how weird would that be??? my mind is blown
you know that time zones weren't a thing until like 200 years ago right
can i take your spot then ?
yes sir. step right up.
so after our marines are targeted in nj with 4 ieds, president chuckles doesn't cancel his night out and then nyc is bombed. just. wow.
he doesn't care
for sure the chubbiest baby, no wonder my face is so damn round
my eyes are still big and beady af
hahahahha one time nic and gardener let me throw darts at their heads in a dimly lit bar
mind you, i was extremely intoxicated at this point and they still let me
i need to cut down on coffee it ain't healthy how much i drink a day .
no such thing... no such thing as to much coffee
like.... football 101. you run through the end zone.
yet players are still doing this every single weekend...
there is a time in the last few days of summer when the ripeness of autumn fills the air ~ rudolfo anaya
have a wonderful sunday
also, not sure if you know or not but it's ben from temple.
i might? which ben
and then he awkwardly crossed the street and kept walking
the everyday struggle of being both big and black smh
whatever shit you're going through, this too shall pass.
always! &lt;3
i'm sorry but isn't any bomb set off on purpose on a busy manhattan block considered terrorism? why is nyc dancing around it.
bc it's run by two democrats the governor and mayor. since hilliary won't say terrorist they won't.
lmao these white ppl
tbh i love these college dances. all the "not cool" people are supported by everyone here when they dance. makes me so
due to the availability of an implementation. not inherent to the design.
it's late here so not sure i'm reading correctly - but 1/
there was no war in iraq it was an illegal invasion
thank you. u got it right
oh no i deleted the tweet! tweet what you said about tns again!!!
i said 'memories!' really brings me back.
some fuckin morons is what they are, glad to hear ur okay man
thanks dude, i appreciate that
okay. if you feel inclined to play, talk to myself, , or about it
on what medium?!?!? isn't it an in person game?
like they're a cat that could run away at any given movement xd
exactly what i envisioned the more you work in the place you're employed, you'll probably get used to seeing rockstars haha
lmfaoooooooooo. the shoe/chancla can't be stopped
big guy on his feet all night? the baby powder was fully absorbed by the gomez fight! could be the undoing of diamond!
i've lost control of my life.
and this was taken with my sony digital camera. yes, i know this is getting ridiculous. i'll stop.
my cousin from the army couldn't make it to my grandmas bday party and he danced with us through facetime for a good couple of hours lol
we went through a couple phones
can i be ur dog and can u still bring me to parties so i can see gax wildin
forsure. you can see kass wildin as a grandma
sat in the hot tub for 30 minutes before he realized his phone was in his pocket
i swear this is phone
also feels so good to finally be in the right major
you switched to js??
when your other eye took a bump of ketamine instead of yay
that night i literally drank three whole bottles i don't recall anything. not even driving home.
this made my night omfg
better be my new contact pic
yea haha fighting at
i know =:). hasn't been competitive since ped's &amp; got destroyed @ 199
de blasio just blew the hell out of the media's developing 'spontaneously exploding dumpsters' story. nice try, media cretins.
de blasio said there was no terrorist connection, thats denial
watching this makes my stomach hurt
doing that shit can kill you, that's hella stupid!!
my bad! raiders tailgate this season!
yess let me know!! i need to make up for not going tomorrow and i haven't seen you guys in forever
usc ass honestly bro be real overrated every fucking year
coming from an fsu fan? lmao
i can dig it. things did get dark quickly in season 3, but gx also had some of the most memorable characters out of the spinoffs.
i agree. i found myself liking/being impressed by more of the supporting characters than i expected.
due to the availability of an implementation. not inherent to the design.
my next project at work is building a service on top of a replicated state machine - planning on using the hashicorp raft library
i always thought dropping the ball in football was a fumble. refs must have been at burning man all week.
it was ruled a fumble but essentially blown dead at the 1 because texas didn't make a play to recover it. the eeplay rule
this is the pressure cooker with wires attached being investigated by bomb squad in manhattan. via
oh the bomb squad is checking it out. hilliary don't want the word bomb used,squad is checking it out correction
business is boomin out here in connecticut
nypd would be proud
i added a video to a playlist drag me/feminist poetry - ramya pandyan - spoken word - gaysi
love your poetry about feminism. you go girl!!!
wondering why i'm not this skinny anymore
you know i love you, right?
new 'snowden' film makes president obama look like a complete buffoon
he is a buffoon
that is true, just have to get used to it. it's just weird seeing them in real life because i'm like whoa you exist
haha it's so cool though! now you can be like "hey i had lunch (etc.) with the guy from ___ once!"
doing an unfollow spree like this to keep the mutual!!
doing this in the morning
fury ain't getting a ring from me.... he barely puts out
bet he stands pat on a 12 with the dealer showing a 3!
jesus. just stop. remember the egypt air flight that he guaranteed was terrorism? we still don't know.
to me egyptair was like germanwings in france, a crazed flight crew member who took everyone with him to the end.
ahhh!! you are so sweet and generous! thank u so much for this jaw dropping gift for . wow. thank u!
show her some lovin bk! send her basket of flowers. one good turn deserves another. share the love like only u can
at least 25 injured in explosion in manhattan | stay safe, nyc friends.
i've been staying off tv until this whole thing is settled down and we've got actual "news" instead of "bystander reports"
i talked about you in line and said we met at a show, its so fun to see all the stuff you are doing!
thanks a ton!! i tell people about you all the time. texas line crews are a world of their own.
so what your bae app mean?
"bae app system out of order" lmao not accepting applications.
i can dig it. things did get dark quickly in season 3, but gx also had some of the most memorable characters out of the spinoffs.
favorite characters were manjoume, kaiser, edo, and fubuki.
how is an intentional bomb not terrorism? does that mean they don't think the perp was muslim?
4 bombs between nyc / nj in the same day sounds pretty organized and terrifying.
yes; specifically etcd.
haha - you'll the find what was said about torus funny - they're betting on it to be better than predecessors *since* it uses etcd
at least 25 injured in explosion in manhattan | stay safe, nyc friends.
right now, it's a stream of public reactions which don't even tell us anything. all the channels were useless until an hour ago
there's not a team that has convinced me that it will win the pac-12 south, which is good for utah. it's anyone's league.
watch it all come down to next week's game's result.
purple lambo gotta be the most underrated song out recently
agreed. many terrible bootlegs and remixes too. just let the og shine.
some guy had airpods ommmg i need him he has money!!!!!!!!!
he obviously has money to spend on ridiculously overpriced pair of headphones
kittens stole my turkey sandwich. i'm trying to remember why i got kittens. sure they're cute, but they're also evil demons.
yes they are. just adopted one today and it's decided that toes are the tastiest treat
prob because she's been working her entire life for people, even people who constantly comment on her appearance
yeah shut the fuck up bill
honoured to receive giants int'l award for 'social reformer'. to guru shah satnam, shah mastan ji .
you are great a deserve it pitaji. very happy to see one more to list
off topic. seriously, my iphone 6s (battery 86%) just went entirely dead, black screen, no response to force reboot. (typing on my laptop)
you must hold home button and i think side button for 15 full seconds like 1-mississippi style. happened to me.
100% done w non-new yorkers exploiting our tragedies to push a hateful agenda. i'm in now &amp; no one here is calling for a muslim ban
you need to read this
ymbape arrested outside kith: ymbape arrested at kith, in nyc today.
this isn't your video it's mine . take it down.
if youre ever feeling down or stressed just pull out your hot wheels!
ill have to try that one
everybody should know when me and my boys go back to mexcio were renting that party boat for the last day there count on it
set bigger goals, like renting a yacht in ibiza. i'll send you a pic of mine.
i'm grateful to have the friends i have man.. today was truly a blessin s/o to the fam tonight
shoutout me, and zack lmao
my daughter explained to a co-worker why a recent non-pixar animated movie was really enjoyable. competition is fierce and real, folks.
movies are not a zero sum game. we can like pixar movies and other great movies at the same time. something jobs said once i think
like, the second they started, i was like
hahahaha. yes!
well that's just rude
well fuck you too gabby
had so much fun this weekend ! shouts to for being behind it all
thanks for coming :) xx
you don't become a scholar by obtaining a degree. you have to do research, publish, teach, and be evaluated by peers
friend was a phd in astrophysics.u have no clue what defines a scholar.keep googling
bernie voters are being fed misinformation from the trump campaign.. conquer and divide tactics in play..
dt's hate campaign even has the liberals pitted against each other.
not seen it in years, since it first came out. you seem to be enjoying it :)
i am! but it's super creepy
none of those are facts. they're possible correlations. but you aren't proving anything
please stop mentioning me. i've blocked both of those people, so i can't see the whole convo
thank you new york for a crazy weekend . i got so many compliments...
you're welcome xx
gotta give some props to my boy right here. that's a parlay
that also deserves a follow
gotta give some props to my boy right here. that's a parlay
that also deserves a follow
my only support is my faith in god. no family or husband.
god put us on this path,so ur nt alone.ur son a vet
frequency of terror attacks in new york city, from 1970 on
yeah, but clearly the big one that killed thousands is the most significant and is merely a blip on that graph.
hanging with my cousins who are the best guys in the world and just lost their dad and we've all been strong but it's time to cry
wish i could hug you and bring you snacks, ily and your cousins
what intersection will you be at for the parade
i don't know! look for the abc7 stage somewhere near the start of the best parade.
youre welcome if you need any ill ship some down there
great ill let you know :)
bernie bust: only 150 turn out at sanders ohio stop...
go back to vermont! your an independent now your a sellout, take the campaign money and retire
no terror. dumpsters violently exploding in neighborhoods give ppl a warm, cozy, safe feeling ...
yep, denial, denying something does not make it go away
two people from my graduating class of high school got married today and i'm starfished watching hours of svu like
same tbh also put a bunch of strawberry preserves on a store bought everything bagel lmao
good lord... st. cloud shooter referenced allah cops have no clue if it's terrorism
denial is running deep these days
anyone else think this is too convenient to potusspeech at cbc dinner and right b4 trump due to speak at his rally.
strange msm asked hillary about trump's "bomb" comment meaning msm picked up on it. mayor says intentional but not terrorism.
why you hate texas so much?
2005. scumbags kept us out of a rose bowl.
i've heard it has a nicer api.
also refactored it this summer from what i understand. and rqlite by is built using hashiraft as well.
i figured that was the case.
like apparently there's a second device but no one knows for sure
where the dulapie
i'm with it text me bro
come ride my face
i'll ride the fuck out of your face daddy.
those are some of mine as well. manjoume is my absolute fave, which is why sawatari has grown on me as well; similar archetypes.
yeah sawatari is absolutely a spiritual successor to manjoume, more than he is to any other character in the other spinoffs.
this is easily the most ridiculous night of uber driving i've ever done. the full moon has people unhinged.
i honestly don't know how you do it. every rider you have ever described has made it on my list of people i want to fight
i've never seen someone play perfect basic strategy. it's fucking insane how these people throw money away
if not sure, ask the dealer
what a great feeling to look up at the sky and the stars and know that no one can destroy their beauty.
how true. beautiful laura lang. have a wonderful sunday
just realized i've now completed a trilogy of uncompleted trilogies. like 2 books out of 3 for 3 different projects. so like i have 6 books.
maybe i have 2 complete trilogies of disparate subject matter.
call them boys out. nd is sorry
when these kids talk shit about nd, but texas loses to an unranked
doesn't anyone remember "dream a little dream" where also busted mj-esque moves? or am i the only one?
he and jason robards were great.
i've heard it has a nicer api.
also the author of raft refactored it this summer from what i understand. and rqlite by is built using hashiraft
bo jackson ran up a god damn tunnel with a football after a touchdown and these jackwagons can't even cross a goal line without dropping it.
also forrest gump
my first beatles song ever was here comes the sun because it was in bee movie
best movie ever fuck who says otherwise
three explosions today - new jersey - new york - virginia "isolated incidents" our hoaxing media claims!
don't forget minnesota attack. we better start vetting people round them up. like they did when japan attacked
dac over usb. it's gotta talk full usb protocol, and decode digital to analog.
plus, presumably, amplification circuits?
sweet dreams all!!
just stunning.
another ied likely brought to you by 's refugee resettlement funding.
- you are a punk traitor - kiss my ass ryan.. we are tired of your lame bullshit - we will elect
nyc 'dhimmi' mayor de blasio has a long history of standing with jihadists not new yorkers!
hes horrible, said today they had a very bad incident, not terrorism
i cant stop even thinking about it. like why i got hand picked for this kind of fetish lmaoooo
must be your exotic eyes.
teach me how to not get annoyed by naruto lol. i've given it plenty of chances. his character just annoying to me
lol idk he's not that bad to me. after the time skip he becomes more mature
i just booked my flight for prge! i wasn't sure if i'd make it this year but i said screw it. i wanna see everyone! &lt;3
i hope this means prague coz it's a fabulous city!
during the 50 shades crazy in love i was so memorized when she was going like uh oh uhoh uh oh oh no no.
that when she switched to the original crazy in love suddenly i almost fell down the stairs
taylor swift? what would steven wilson say?
steven wilson is still sleeping on the kitchen floor.
ok but that's a long way for me to go lol
what part are you on ?
just had some super hot wings, which, of course, means i'm a left-handed urinator for about 24 hours.
waiting for my invite with like
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
so what part of the article is untrue??? none of it moron.
1/2 now is about the time in the season where fans start to let their guard down and start dreaming of roses...
2/2 remember our history, though.
constitutionalist...do you oppose lincoln's illegitimate invasion of the south?
a state of theusa does not possess full sovereignty but only partial,just as the federal government shares sovereignty withstates
after obama+his islamic dept of homeland defense made folks stop saying "".
shameful. this stops when kids don't want to get bullied and everyone gets a trophy pampering bullshit
no one is as cuddly as george but olive is a close 2nd!
take this to the dms?
allergies, then pneumonia, then most of her top staff had it, now it's non-contagious &amp; she had the 4 day kind. check
a ring of lies, like chasing their tails
is safe and sound the best band in the nw? they're insane. good talk and an awesome cover.
what cover?
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
you are disgusting. all you wanted is for the press to praise your new hotel. backfired.
i think boring laura needs some new dog whistles. shouting "rape" and "antisemitism" getting old
how about cavalierly referencing gas chambers? that has real class and charm.
they sure were. in broad day light in front of god and everybody.
i hope ppl were making screen shots.
even down to their insistence on nicknames - manjoume thunder/san da vs. super ultra duelist new neo sawatari.
my one side-hope for sawatari is that he gets to step up an win a big duel once. i think crow's death might stimulate that.
manhattan explosion: new york mayor says 'no evidence yet of terror link' - live
no evidence of terror link other than the bomb
how bad is it
awful. don't even bother
what the fuck is up with these idiots dropping the ball before they cross the goal line
tommy's tipsy
8 weeks until sun and moon come out holy moly that's exciting
great. more reasons to have insomnia! so team or team ?
are you confessing to one or both devices? good you know you're responsible for the madness.
reading that back makes me wanna change my phrasing but sorry to disappoint i'm not responsible for any of that nonsense
so is whats her face from shameless.. then shameless destroys that innocence lol
i've gotta watch that show. isn't it on netflix now?
good morning twitter wishing you a beautiful sunday
beautiful dear bea. have a lovely sunday
. this is incorrect. please advise mr scott that we do not understand and we think it is bull crap. thank you.
a fb gm that begins at 11am is nonsense. i thought the utahst gm was a one time thing because of some unusual circumstance
his campaign's harsh all right! incites fans 2attack ppl wrongly perceived as threats. not protestors, paid or not!
if ya gotta make shiet up to stay in convo, you're on the wrong side.
majority of coaches only coach technical or individual skill because they are shit coaches. good coaches teach decision making/communication
where does pattern play fall into this?
idk but it seemed uncalled for, was not a text book subduing by a law enforcement officer, i honestly don't trust upd anymore
details? pics? what was the reasoning?
even down to their insistence on nicknames - manjoume thunder/san da vs. super ultra duelist new neo sawatari.
i was almost bummed, despite my interest in him, that kaiser came back to life. let the man rest.
i believe it is... its actually really good and funny.. and incredibly cringe worthy at times
i love the cast.
. says "bomb" went off in before nyc officials determined cause of explosion:
anything he can do he will for his own gain
hey that's my name
yes because i love you
re: trump, clinton said, "i think it is always wiser to wait until you have information before making conclusions."
the thought of trump in the situation room, making life and death decisions for millions, is frankly terrifying.
apart from being exceptionally informed about history of bombs going off in nyc what's your point?it's not 1st time
most of the people freaking out are non new yorkers. let us deal with our issues without projecting rhetoric upon it.
your twitter account has all the earmarks of a paid troll. shameful &amp; not representative of decent americans.
oh yeah. my stats are sooo low!!
i can't breed from my papo
even he knew it was funny "haha"
good reasoning i fucked up i really needed a gr of tsubaki and i slacked for the collab lol might as well go for this toya too
yeah i missed out the collab gr because of my injury but at least i like the le art better;;; haha
does anyone see the irony of this bull"ignorance is bliss and blind" it was hrc who victimized a 12yr old girl- fo
haha trump raped a 12 year old girl. is this person serious. wow brainwashed sheep.
great product. is there a way of getting the meta tags read (facebook etc) when a publish has a url?
great feedback! we will check it :)
i love you too my nigga
we are taking ankles this year idgaf
i've just watched a few episodes. imma wait till i get caught up on one piece before i get into something else
oh i got you. yeah when he's younger he is really obxnious lol but his character development is pretty cool.
those books mad long who got time for all that when the shows mad good
if you think the show is good the books are 1000x better!! reading is food for the mind and soul
hey so kanye is gonna start using instagram now. so i will too. help me get started, follow me
ithinkhisnameisblake hit you with that follow
remember the name jackson yueill. a good bet to be a top 2 pick in january's mls draft (if he signs an mls ga deal)
worked the ucla id camp beograd his senior year of high school, such a privilege
i think you probably didn't glitch out because you weren't moving all that much.
oh i know - anything static seems correct, text and all - i'm just still disappointed. =p
i am bro you know how we rock
you know we rocking out here bruh ale 2 times
happy birthday raina i hope you had a great day full of surprises
late by 3 mins lol
one of my weird hobbies: did you know there are forums that bankers go to to talk bank things? no, not investment bankers. regular ones.
a few weeks ago i learned that flight attendant pinterest is a thing and has memes. it's delightful.
here's a web radio police/fire cb scanners in case you ever want to listen in.
thanks,-here's a free police scanner app- have to supply your gps location to use it-
so he can make eye contact with me while he gets degraded? lmaoooooo i can't i can't
this comedy only writes itself so easily. dat fetish tho.
she slurs her words when drunk. this sounds more like sedatives. very out of it.
shes definitely drugged
how convenient that you're changing your story now. making a murderer season 2 happening right here.
i'm innocent ... my nephew wasn't ever here and i never knew that woman. i am not a crook (nixon peace sign)
hillary fraud double, triple and continuous charging to campaign. won't answer calls.
it's her own fault for being so ignorant. trump is the one who has heart for sick and disabled and she should know it
too cocky bro, they're gonna learn the hard way
for real! it's crazy! if i were the coach i'd make them bring me the football! lol
get ready san jose! tonight is gonna be special for me &amp; you | venue: city national civic
what an amazing show tonight. thank you and come back to visit us again!
what did they say?
they said nas had better lyrics smh
there wasn't too much point to his revival either; sho could have developed without him. also, he died of heart failure, so...
right, like, he died of heart failure and then washed up on the beach and he was okay but just don't push yourself??
bombs in nj bombs in ny and hillary wants to bring in a million unvetted muslim syrians. who in their right mind would vote for her ?
people who stay home and get welfare checks while me and you break our asses
any seats available!? lmao
we just sat down! lol not over here! i'm to your right
tell me that doesn't sound fun tho.
youre right lets go
jesus fucking christ why
i have no idea but it was incredibly unpleasant
new york explosion: 'no evidence of a terror connection'
it's objectively terror, especially those injured; terrorism, however ...
its...not gonna happen i should jsut drop out tbh
hey you. if i can agree to try you can too!!!
if it makes any difference please let her know that there's folks in tech who believe and support her.
i'm sure she knows it but sometimes it helps to see it for real. i'm so sorry for what she's going through.
y'all ready to get dropped off on there too?
shut up fat ass
what's corduroy
this material
last thought: it's darn tough for sf infielders to position themselves behind casilla when he keeps shaking posey, throwing what he wants.
and which one is an mvp? it just proves casilla's pride goes before his fall...or in this case, failed saves.
y'all ready to get dropped off on there too?
i don't take l's
search up best buy student discount &amp; something should show up. i got mine last year for $550
whatttttt nooo way
the most wonderful thing about a digital signal is that it's all maths till the speaker hits.
well... until it hits the dac.
you trash bruh
we don't take l's*
hold up let me drive there.
waiting for your hoe ass
i just want korean bbq right now
update: got it my kbbq fix and i'm very pleased
adorable macaroons my grandma got me earlier so tasty i feel bad about eating pika!!
i got cute pokemon macarons a couple of weeks ago too!
jeez who suddenly flipped the seriousness switch on over at the nyt? on fire last 48 hours.
almost save the "both sides" quote from "dr no" coburn former ys senator and not identifying him as gop.
this isn't the first time i've seen her live. but still. every god damn time. fuck.
the club smells like instant ramen now
the club smells like instant ramen now
jesus even when i sit down for a breather i can't help but flail in my seat
we love jamie here in berkeley!
then i'm glad there's a bridge between us.
assuming they want to...
willful incompetence? interesting theory.
same my god it's kinda unfortunate that the collab introduced me to yumecast, which i think has better music and art lol
i have been casually playing both and i just kinda died trying to do everything at once hahaha...
homecoming is soon and i have no one to back it up on ):
fuck it, ill back it up on or since they appreciate my booty
started playing dragon age inquisition. made a badass asian chick. f yeah, making my own representation.
this is a lot better than what i usually do, which is guy who kind of looks like me but if he was white, er whiter.
boom... randomly selected
if it makes you feel better i got 5 "random selections" in one week domestically. always with short sleeves.
1) that's what tf you get for being at a beyonce concert. 2) there's a dedicated vta bus (route 180?) to bart if u ain't too bougie
lol i'm with my girl and she don't wanna take that.. cause it's an hour ride smh
being nice fucks you over so isn't it easier being an asshole
so no one fucks you over
. dropping noisia dead limit into crush on u im thrivinggf
i fucking cannot
i real talk just dropped $100 on a top
but hella cute right
i fucking cannot
great set btw
is this one woman or a line up of hollywood's young female talent? you decide.
brandon tatiana shade? too far
well, except for that "trash cans" and "bombs" angle - other than that, yeah, nothing.
guess they better investigate further
i need someone who will let me dump all my thoughts onto the table and actually have something to say about it. i need substance
i've been having one ended conversations with myself for way too long and it's driving me insane honestly lmao
i need the name of this gif or this guy
battle rapper "conceited"
i'm legit proud to say that is our . i'm gonna tell people i'm if ever represents our country.
which wouldn't be a lie b, im german &amp; have dual citizenship but i never thought there'd be a moment where id b embarrassed 2 b an american.
greeeeeeen !!! yo chase we lost 31-30
fuck it was a tough one, you'll be alright tho. is there a way to watch the games on youtube?
putting this in the podcast q...
many thanks! hope you dig it.
yo stay safe ashi.
im ok buddy. ill keep my eyes out for danger.
woah. dude you gotta come to ngs help me out!
sorry man i'm in santa cruz rn i moved in last week :/
i need to go clubbing fast !!
i need to be 18 sooner :/
it's cute how 25 y/os don't understand their role in the hierarchy.
the top of the pile?
didn't say that and for completely the opposite intention. but hey.
what do you call the planting of 2 bombs in the city if not terrorism?
when u hit the taco bell and the oyster bar on the same night \_()_/
is that blind tiger? just missed you by a couple hours
which wouldn't be a lie b, im german &amp; have dual citizenship but i never thought there'd be a moment where id b embarrassed 2 b an american.
^ meaning if were president i'd be 100% embarrassed to be an american
i think this is truly the case. the irony of wanting to be free of eurocentric thinking,only to blindly follow faux-blk ideals.
right. black cis men who view feminism as an attempt to divide the black community are incapable of seeing how their perspe
idc what anyone says be cheating at battleship aha
should've bet
i'm really mad about the ending of himym
i told you not to watch the last episode!!!
a mess 24/7
truly honestly icons of our generation
just in a couple weeks it's my moms one year that she passed away and let me tell y'all it hasn't been easy
i still cant believe it.. i miss seeing her around decoto threatening to kick my ass if i dont hug her fast enough
i got an idea... feed it to your boy.... this ain't hard.....
no doubt. especially when swoopes was in. not sure why they were trying to pass the ball.
these are our leaders
sorry these are our politicians......
switched to t-mobile today. no contract so if this was a bad decision at least it will be short lived i have faith in u man
i sort of want to switch too after so many bad verizon experiences.
when you realize you hate your roommate in 10 minutes
three fundamental truths at the exact same time.
i made measure me just now. halfway through: "hold up. how old is this tape measure??"
you know you are only allowed to read numbers off these tapes in german, right?
this childish
revis is booty this year
ive been to beyonces concert like 10 times already so im good thanks snapchat
thanks for the pinkberry! my mom was mad and then i told her what was going on lmao
i think this is truly the case. the irony of wanting to be free of eurocentric thinking,only to blindly follow faux-blk ideals.
ctive on liberation as a "race first/only" struggle is clouded by their privilege as men.
come see amadeus next week!! only $5 for students!!
finally not an awful trailer
happy birthday babe!! i miss your beautiful face so much party it up and sic em' bears
i reactivated my twitter for this so you know your special
that only speaks the height of frustration creeping in the ranks of 1/
they are unconscious agents of all foreign conspiracies against the country
i can see the video now. game standing over a beat up bloodied sean kingston talmbout "yeah nigga this stripper just fucked you up" lmao
"you ain't talkin all that bombaclot shit now iz you nigga *stomp* you just get blood on my new j's nigga? *stomp*" man i can't wait
and now he's driving away from us. what the hell?
guy picked us up, said was bc he knew how hard it would be to get another driver so late. need bigger penalty when drivers cancel fare
on what power? hell no angela homewrecking ass needs to go.
i gave angela so many passes. being dumb and getting played by greg is the last straw. she gotta go now. asap.
wanted to take the time to congratulate : his article in was the most condescending thing i've read this cycle. kudos.
very well said.
i'm sorry i just miss being sassy with cindy all the time i miss her mo money
it's cool i like being mean to you
yeah it's gcc live stream
oh ok. i should've left yesterday and made it to the game. had to get this cake tho
cable news for some time now fail to learn when it is time to move along. $$$ don't get bigger with more boredom.
exactly. all they're doing is fanning panic (which isn't working because new yorkers have learned their lesson) for some bucks
eight of those hours were the bama-ole miss game tho.
that damn texas game lasted exactly 4 hours alone.
wow, he desean'ed it.
can't wait to watch the replay of this!
what's the most embarrassing/devastating bug you created that ended up in production?
"fixed" an old-user cron job to run but flipped the time comparison &lt; sign. deleted all active users instead.
soooooo i just dyed my own hair and i'm scared it's gonna come out looking crazy
so my hair looks nice wet
they'd all get 1s just for getting into the car.
realest shit ever.
gimme a break....it's been in the news each day; and the past several days. try reading more for retention....
uh, no. you brought these claims, you bring the sources. im not going to do a communist progressive's work
abbott: "what's needed is an end to self-doubt about the entitlement of europeans... individually and collectively, to keep their character"
did he just use "character" as a dog-whistle??
my brother was 1 block away when the chelsea explosion went off tonight. glad he's ok. sometimes losing a baseball game is not important.
wow glad he's ok. seriously, priorities.
at the hemlock with where are you guys?
if i knew about it i would have been there
half ppr, ryan mathews or langford? fuller or tajae(opponent has brock, if that matters)? thanks!
no, doesn't matter. mathews and fuller. love fuller's upside, even if he's not a safe ppr play.
what happens at a conference stays at a conference
till you tweet about it
anyone have any info on this?
standing here, don't see anything.
they left you speechless matt? gahdamn
yeah they are
because i am saving some mystery. jk i don't have room on my phone. waiting for my new iphone with more storage.
go to settings &gt; itunes &amp; app store &gt; then sign out and back in. secret trick of mine to free up space
casilla threw well last night; as we pointed out postgame, in no-pressure situation. bochy wants badly for him to close--just not happening
my doctor called and said thank goodness you watched the cal game instead of the giants 9th. just bp wrenching pathetic
go to settings &gt; itunes &amp; app store &gt; then sign out and back in. secret trick of mine to free up space
unless you have an a*droid....
if true, the answer is emphatically yes
i predicted this when the disasters were happening in eng
driving around sf fills me with memories... of all the places i got my car broken into.
shout out to all the fiends who made off with my car battery. twice.
i know!!!!! they had such a great fucking build up then they had to do that stupid shit. i'm bitter.
i missed it cause i don't watch ncis on the reg but i can imagine lol.
what tony @ name????
i dont got time for niggas acting like bitches talk to my brothers ! if u have a problem
wait i never heard that one before he original
i've heard it once before!
are you guys ok?
yeah, great! what's up? :)
yes i did but i'm already trying out with a team. so if something changes i'll hit you up. thank you for talking to me though.
sounds good, let me know if anything changes
what are you asking for the 42mm
not sure yet. gotta see what band i'll put with it.
shout out to all the fiends who made off with my car battery. twice.
in all fairness, my shit got broken into in berkeley and oakland too.
oh my god this is so cal
no, this is so cal :high fives god:
if your a sketchy person i'll probably have nothing to do with you
why you lyin mccorkle
kickball or naw??????
quality looking
did u really laugh that much after u tweeted this
yea because my dumb ass still puts up w them either way lol
and hillary/obama want 100k more so called refugees, surely they must know the volatile powder keg they're imposing on us
they know, they dont care
yo eyebrows still suck
ur my soulm8
i gave this pour an f
i'll make sure to tell the korean bartender that
seriously questioning why i never decided to use bitmoji before today... it's so cool!
that's how i felt last week
when i saw i fuckin cried xd i was so happy
ugh same i had the chills all over my body
you have to admit it's terrifying this occurred near 6th ave and 8th ave subway lines
my immediate concern is for the people in the housing complex for the blind on north side of street.
they were pretty stoked to see all the stuff i got from lush in london! thanks for being so generous
omg that giant rub rub rub....the dream you're the one who started my addiction to that!
blair witch reboot is an ungodly pile of shit, whoever did the sound design should be working on looney toons
dont insult looney tunes like that!!
the moment that first piano chord goes i get in my feelings
my favorite part is the vocals akin the beginning it always gets me, like you're entering a new dimension
bouta to have this bori nigga eat my twat
you been going off all night! go flourish!
i want to dye my hair black. i'm not sure if i would look too creepy though
then we could really be bffs
glass doesn't scratch nearly as easily. this will look much worse, much sooner.
what do you have against ?
i want to dye my hair black. i'm not sure if i would look too creepy though
idk if i could live with you having darker hair than me though lol
what do you do on your downtime.......
watch college football highlights
russia, u.s. tensions spill over at un security council meeting
screw russia. cyber attack their ass and publish it.
i love the sisters that i have (,:
is dis about us bc if not that'd be really awk that i liked it
i bet you didn't know we have a feral owl problem
introducing the owls to deal with the rats hasn't been a complete success then?
its my party and ill cry if i want to
still the most random song dolla sign has hopped on
i was quoting future. i aint never got kicked out of one lol
i was gonna say weekend?
did a rough qunari test do not like that grey face paint tho, need to find an alternative
maybe like a slate blue?
i've been having one ended conversations with myself for way too long and it's driving me insane honestly lmao
technically there's always people to talk to. but why would you ever open up to some1 temporary. not everyone deserves to know you like that
state action against openly seditious, illegally armed terror supporters. how is that even a case for courts to hear?
rangers needed in punjab as well, to stamp out all these sectarian and extremist elements
or just make him open it on his phone by sending him the link lol
some evil bastard shared my tweet via email
my brother was 1 block away when the chelsea explosion went off tonight. glad he's ok. sometimes losing a baseball game is not important.
man, you've had a rough go this year. thoughts and prayers your way.
deep down she knows* she'd be lost without- i fucked up omg, i've been up since 4. good night.
it still makes sense anyway
maybe cause i live on 2nd avenue but my nyc there's always a ridiculous number of sirens. meanwhile in sydney weeks go by w/out hearing any.
this is true for nyc generally, it just becomes really obvious when we don't live there and return
oh, same. i didn't watch it, but it was all over on my tl. i was so mad. haha.
i don't understand killing characters off... like its so lame when you can leave the door more open
one of the better wines from the ripple line
fairly certain that's a line from a tune.
where do you want it?
also near the east village
ur so photogenic how u do that
by taking 10000 photos ;) love you cynthia
you shouldn't even support them. they santa clara's now.
a lil move aint enough for me to leave my team
but alexes i broke you and scored 18 on you.
but i'll kill you irl
you're adorable loved the shirt
hehe thank you paxton it was super easy :)
they had similar problems with releasing a judas goat
judas goat did the ol' double double cross
but alexes i broke you and scored 18 on you.
i'm drunk rn leave me alone
welcome to the fam
...no comment
lmao now we're hanging out with the girl who lives there she goes to pcc and she's so funny ?????
shouts outs pcc
im trying theres just no way
well you know yourself, but if you need help ideas a wall to bounce stuff off lmk!
honestly didn't realize how many pictures i collected in 4+ months
no one cares
here's the inside - no hollows!
are you a wizard?
no, that's you
she will help the nation. she will bring peace to the world. she will jailed the cheater. god bless her
u don't have two backs over 100 yards rushing and continue to throw the ball. if it ain't broke don't fix it. that's all ima say. gn.
preach! totally agree brother
sorry dad i love you. be safe
i love you too
i'm just so confused now..not sure whether to vote for denald or for hillary's body double..
tough call i say vote for trump for all the winning. many people say hillarys body double is a sex doll, sad!
ikr? they could have just given them a hea, but noooo! we can't have nice things.
could have had their own office somewhere or gone undercover, means you can still move on without featuring them
i was once like you...learn to say no you have a life/hobby/going out etc.
but i also like money ): and my job is fun so it's conflicting
its the globalists who are putting the incompatible here and in europe.
i think they should all move to europe if they eant it here so badly
it's true i promise
you prob replaced me with chris' new girl by now
she's one lucky lass!
just another grueling day at the office...
i feel that lol i'm playing love live, ichuu, enstars, yumecast, sb69, and i7 in some kind of random cycle
i have 14 mobile games i play daily (counting separate accs separately) and i do events on most of them and i just x___x
ikr? they could have just given them a hea, but noooo! we can't have nice things.
i just feel like too many shows think killing characters is ratings grab when its the opposite.
its the globalists who are putting the incompatible here and in europe.
opps, if they want it so badly
shut the fuck up they are not
watched the entire goddamn game and had no idea i feel????
finally updated the phone to 10. trying to figure out why i can't send things with stupid lasers. it's because i have on
so, bit of an bummer, there. i mean you could argue omitting a whole menu is a not a ... i guess...
a painted version of 's acid rap
one of the most difficult pieces to recreate by far but here's a bit of the week long journey :-)
watched the entire goddamn game and had no idea i feel????
i shouldn't be surprised that troy baker was the protag all along and yet
technically there's always people to talk to. but why would you ever open up to some1 temporary. not everyone deserves to know you like that
in the past 3 years there's been two people i felt confident in being able to pour my heart out to. neither are in my life today
damn i need me a cup of coffeeeeee
same. all day every day
u ain't takin any l's jus delayed w's remember
nah these are l's for no reason lol
heading to colorado for a big rally. massive crowd, great people! will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
why do have so much security?? do you fear death??
first legal drink and my cousin order me an amf. k lol
happy birthday love you !!!!!
agreed. i hate it when shows do that. i especially hate it when they kill off badass ladies for plot device. blah.
man pain is overrated
we had three terror attacks today! if you wanna be "progressive", stop making the same mistake europe made with muslim immigration
and stop denying that its terrorism!!
so it's ff13 girl and, random guy?
he's a doof
tonight an 18 year old called me a bitch after i asked them to leave a party they weren't invited to. this is my supreme form.
you know that after this kid was like "get the fuck outta my face bitch," i was like "get the fuck out my house" and kept at it til he left.
agreed. i hate it when shows do that. i especially hate it when they kill off badass ladies for plot device. blah.
are you gonna watch bull? it looks meh
on a lighter note.. i'm cravin' some frozen yogurt
i'm craving sushi
i miss living across the street from u &amp; being able to go over whenever i wanted can't wait, two more weeks to go
those were the good days we took for granted
late night convos with gabbi&gt;&gt;&gt;
hit me up on the celly
they have like 2 in n outs chill
text the gc
all they want is world domination, and they basically have it unless trump stops them!
agree, we need to get him elected
this is one reason i have trepidation about earthshattering leaks to come - the powers that be will pull another 911 without thinking twice.
two pipe bombs in nyc today. i knew i had to go to twitter to find out what hrc needed to hide.
probably not. i have enough damn shows.
lols.. i've added new shows to the dvr but its like omg too much
idk much about him but i sure wish i had latin &amp; greek
apparently erasmus has 4000 adages written in his series called "adagio" but i cannot read it.. or afford it....
yea pull up
was that ya pull up in bk
"i'm going to close my campaign the way i began my career...focused on opportunities for children and fairness for families." -hillary
please close it!
i love my new windows 10 update so much.
i hated it at first, now i love it
the really young one?
yeah!!!!! i hope he's well lol
what should india do in response to . option 2 and 3 can escalate to nuclear war.
you're a fear mongering demagogue
big thanks to and for being wonderful hosts tonight. dinner was great!
it was our pleasure, really happy to have had time with you before you head back to korea &lt;3 safe travels!
snowglobe or countdown....
countdown bruh
trump went to flint to draw attention to the city's lead poisoning crisis-but he just made a spectacle of himself.
nothing compared to the spectacle you pulled off in nevada.
yes you are right it is with us sunday 9:27 (still summer time) you then get a good night !!
had a nice quiet one. fell asleep watching tv on my couch. now i'm wide awake at 1230am. lol
getting a concussion was not in my schedule today but life is stupid like that
lmao they suck, how did you get one?
i know the page is called cosplay in america and i feature cosplayers who are not definitely americas so i guess i need a different name ?
i think that's silly! you mostly do conventions in the us and there's nothing wrong with featuring anybody you want!
padres fan: "you heard it here first. i'm going to be sitting with my son in san diego when the cubs win the world series before halloween."
i will be doing the exact same thing
. and i have a v healthy relationship btw
he is trying to spare you the filler. it is a kindness and you should thank him damnit.
anyone recommend getting a hydro flask? trying to drink more water since i drink like none. lol
yee! i thought it was all hype until i got one. keeps the cold all day. made me start drinking a lot more everyday!
lmao they suck, how did you get one?
smacked my head on the ground while skating
lmao i was really concentrating
on posing for the camera or ?
why would he do that, that defeats the whole purpose of using his platform to shine a light on a huge problem
his message is getting lost, it's just a distraction &amp; sooner or later the club will be split, he doesn't care about that.
thin ice girl, thin thin ice..
what if the ice breaks? what happens ?
12:20 am and i want a septum real bad
ur so cute nat!!
in the past 3 years there's been two people i felt confident in being able to pour my heart out to. neither are in my life today
just goes to show the people you think are ride or die ain't so ride or die after all. circumstances change over night
i have also heard ... fear of terrorist attacks it is also with us ..
unfortunately that is the "new normal" sad but true
sorry. i spend a lot of time making the graphs and would like people to see them.
don't be sorry, i think it's great.
and then we were four... welcome to the world, levi ilan bycel
congrats!!! this picture is so adorable!
downtown santa clara lit rn
lived here all of my pre-college life and i've never seen "santa clara" and "lit" in the same sentence
there are two schools of thought in the world of dunking southern chicken fingers: gravy and ranch.
and survey says the best place to dunk them is....____________
my head hurts so bad i'm basically dead rip
same but alcohol helps the headaches go away
omg the couple upstairs is fighting and won't let me sleep.. should i call 911?
ok she's screaming i'm calling 911
this is me everytime i actually go out smh
brooo me rn , whyyyyyy
yeah, it wouldn't set very well to let me put products on top, and stayed super super shiny
oh gross. what brand was it? nye?
lmaooooo! same, though. i usually watch 5 episodes before deciding to stay with it or not.
i go about 3 and if the trend is it will be canceled i bail cause like what's the point?
could you please tell me your understating of allele frequencies and ecological niches?
it is scientific fact that humans evolved from monkeys. source:
the seekers club of the paranormal .new york
ghost gadgets is great but the seekers club is a joke
lol, no way i can change it now, ppl know who i am. plus it was named after a book too so that's that
totally! also, i think it shows major inclusion to be "american" and still cover all kinda of nationalities!
it's the joooz
not all jews are bad, just the bad jews.
it is scientific fact that humans evolved from monkeys. source:
if you don't realize that humans evolved from monkeys, then what on earth would humans evolve from?
i've changed up my style a lot these first two years. i think i'm gonna try taking a position on almost every fight moving forward.
say in ain't so! in lieu, try playing h2h on dk
help there are straight people doing the cupid shuffle what do i do
you run and and never look back
lmaooooo! same, though. i usually watch 5 episodes before deciding to stay with it or not.
cable shows are much easier to stick with cause you know they will get full seasons but thats what makes network tv fun lols
could you please tell me your understating of allele frequencies and ecological niches?
i don't see the point if you don't even grasp basic primate evolution, i.e. monkey to human evolution.
could this be true?
the blue stripes on the israeli flag are the two rivers on the map. yes this is 100% true. sorry for the bad news.
no i actually like that picture
ohh, why thank you
kazar theory is christian mythology to be fair... it has nothing to do with the problem.
yes, blame the christians.
(honestly, the first book had a few canadians in it...shhhh, don't tell anyone ! lolololol)
in south america they asked me "why do you think you are the only americans? we are all americans."
can we please just send all the liberals to the "progressive muslim saudi arabia"??? they would love it!! so tolerant there.
we are scared and suffering in nyc right now. pls don't use to push your agenda from the comfort of your cornfield.
today, a big group of young aussies returns to tzemach to clean up shoreline on the sea of galilee.
why are aussies going half way around the world to cleanup some else's backyard?
you didn't drop the brisket before the finish line. not so hard!
didn't drop my beer either!
(honestly, the first book had a few canadians in it...shhhh, don't tell anyone ! lolololol)
they think of anyone from north or south america as an american. we are "from the us"
i am sure you couldn't find canton on a map either! but lets make a terror tragedy about maps!
apparently, you have no clue who you're talking to
seekers club of the paranormal no job to big for us
every job to big for the seekers # fakers
lol getting up at 5, being in training all day, working 8pm-12am and having the reliever show up late and not even feel bad
and i'll be back at the same desk in less than 8 hours everything is fine
it's the joooz
grab your fly swatter!
i refuse to let a stanford fan hit me with their car
now i'm gonna drive myself off a bridge
are we to assume terrorists involved in came with manohar parrikar's permission?
that is what sagarika wants you to think. instead of mourning the tragedy they rejoice in the killing of our heroes.
that's because he didn't build it! was a little busy honoring vets!!
they must not have been pows.he doesn't like ppl who got captured.
i'm not ah lesbian promise u's i like boys but y when i see ah girl i gotta pay attention to their feet their hands their body dead srs
the hands and the feet always
ugh. network tv stresses me out. everything i love gets cancelled.
maybe cause you have horrible taste
i'm not "blaming". stop acting like a marxist. it's a fact. kazar theory is a disinformation
shut the fuck up. blocking your dumb ass.
then i just linked with my dawg killa cam
happy new year... killa got the mean bucket
depends whether it's politically motivated doesn't it?
if this isn't terrorism, regardless of motivation, then idk what is. unless terrorism is a proxy for "a muslim did it".
i'm dyin shit that's prolly u in 10 years
shit maybe but with straighter teeth and no pimples
i wouldn't mind staying in a library for shelter
400 foot waves and they are protected by a damn library.
i think i just found a slam-dunk use case where mobx outshines redux. more to come....
the achilles heel you'll run into will be around arrays. there are some gotchas to this design there.
i'm at my brother's at the moment.his wife is dying of liver cancer that has spread thru out her body. she is home n hospice care. so sad
my condolences to you and your brother
hold up are you the origin of dickbutt??
lol no. just a commission
hello , don't wait for concurrence from your new found ally us to deal with terrorist goons in pak.
youu will see real action. just relax
who deliver this late ?
hhmm idk lol im sure lots of places in oakland
but really, too burnt out on books to do another cosplay book. plus feel i said all i wanted to say about cosplay.
you said a lot! there's a wide world of interesting stuff out there to explore! i also think burnout is inevitable...
top down saturday nite.....
i miss those days
san francisco, ca 13.7c | 56.7f humidity: 90% partly cloudy
source: "purple sunset" by clint sharp on flickr
nc: trump vs hillary quinnipiac, 8/29-9/7 my analysis post: adjusted: trump +1.8%
when do u want to stop bull-shitt?
britain's first woman to fight on the front line -
this women will die for israel.
the achilles heel you'll run into will be around arrays. there are some gotchas to this design there.
this type of change notification is tricky w/ collections. mobx is very similar to ember's object model, and this was true there
send for 4 for 15
kid your team is disbanded
claimed. hey golden bears, the stampede is coming.
guess not. mack brown cursed you guys
knowledge saves
we'd be dead over here on the west coast from those waves.
just days ago kerry was on skynews uk mouthing again assad has to go; stuck on stupid
kerry is human waste.
kendrick lamar says tupac visited him in a dream and told him "don't let my music die."
i'm sure tupac says that to everyone in a dream!
just saves me rt'ing it again. i appreciate it tbh
i have been misunderstood you guys don't even
listen to 68 the bully, the bullied, and the suicidal by exponential intelligence on
thank you!
totoro you say? ahhh. i'm mildly (nono totally) obsessed with totoro. &lt;3
i collected totoro before seriously collecting pokemon. now totoro taken a backseat for awhile ;;
no. they're just too damn good for the shitty networks.
oh and cause nobody watches them
we just shut jersey down! e mobb !
getting to the mullah huh?
this type of change notification is tricky w/ collections. mobx is very similar to ember's object model, and this was true there
still, i think this design, in both cases, is very ergonomic for the 80% use case.
remember when i fed you a pumpkin oreo last year without you knowing it was pumpkin and you threw it in the trash
that was the worst thing you've done to me
lmao i'm always there you know where to find me
lol always before closing
honestly i don't understand how people go every weekend and get fucked up
its fun try it sometime
when you are home and she don't think your home....
your tweets are exhausting
for all my at the palladium tonight for , would love to meet you after the show! tweet me!
doh, if i had known, i would've tweeted ya last night!
every single one was funded by the rothschilds
waiting on your comeback like
they so happy about it. it's fucking nauseating
but you gotta watch two separate highlight shows to even get two play clips when fsu wins lmao
because i follow you on snap lol
no i was just saying where it is
are you in denial? the first step to recovery is admitting you have a problem do you need an intervention!?!
lol. i embrace my addiction to fiber lol
if you ever want to come down for them i'll go with you! is this the same one from the spectrum?
yes it's the honey and butter store! i'm obsessed with their ig page and macarons on ig
tell me when you send
owakening lol? you need someone to wing you lol although that kid has never beat me .
i was bout to tweet some bs lmao
about to? lol
glad to see you doin big things bro, never gon forget them washington tiger days lol
thanks brother and ate them tiger days
north carolina mom, 45, and son, 25, face charges for incest via
a game the whole family can play! ugh, like there's nobody else in the world?? you circle back to your mother?
when your older cousin implies you do illegal substances in front of your dad and uncle!!!!!!
and actually calls edc a rave instead of a music festival
what fool are you dodging lmao
they don't want too .
one is the cause and other is the effect.
high time to eliminate one country from the map &amp; traitors from indian territories ruthlessly.
if you ever want to come down for them i'll go with you! is this the same one from the spectrum?
you should take pics whenever you're there. i will throw money at you to send me some! also i may come down in january
does anyone who was at the game know why the ref warned the texas band?
they were playing when we were at the line of scrimmage
if i were a betting man, without looking at mobx's design deeply, i'd wager they need to use a faux-array that facades arrays.
i'm not trying to come down on it, though. redux isn't without its flaws. centralized top-down state doesn't suit every app.
idk why the fuck all these idiots came in here so hurt when it's just simply a fact
gamer guys automatically have some righteous stick up their ass idk. especially when it comes to females. they turn into bosses
you know you've lived in sf a while when you can guide tourists to chinatown while drunk without looking at a map
"...pass the weird furniture shop w the elephant if you get to the glass sculptures you're too far @ firework stand make a right"
u know why u can't read,because u don't have a logical answer.. *drops mic*
*pics up mic* this thing on? poc have little representation in media. whitewashing won't help that dude
i'm gonna watch some stuff on netflix again tonight. "my list" is getting too big &amp; it's giving me anxiety.
please elaborate on "your list" and it getting too big
it's your limbs
better erase your history.otherwise they'll take you in for questioning.did any the injured lose limbs?oh it was in a dumpster
gel has been drinking in front of me for an hour now knowing that i've been missing alcohol so bad
brig you fucked il
"deplorable putin founded the alt-right he is hacking my emails and turning the frogs into nazis!!!!"
oh, like has no ideas or plans. ridiculous!
wait hold up let me convince
anyways i just took your money both times today kill your self and me being on the time both times please don't come at me
green screen hillary amazing! hillary is too sick to rally.
what the heck lol
faggot ass season tix holders be trying to rape others fans w/ their ridiculous prices for the dallas game.
that shit is fuckn ridiculous
almost downloaded tinder
stop frontin, you know you on it lmao
anyways i just took your money both times today kill your self and me being on the time both times please don't come at me
what is this?
what...a...moron.
...and wow.
the congressional black caucus rejects trump's birther admission
.those peoples or caucus is obsolete!! hence, they are out of touch with reality.= "antiquated"..grin
on citizenship day, we honor those who earned the title marine before becoming citizens.
congratulations marines!
alice has often done negligent things like shopping at a grocery store, handing her card to a waiter, writing a check, or having a job.
but alice doesn't have a job or it wld be in her name like banker bob and credit charlie so you need to get your story straight pal
people only think they prefer cold weather b/c it's easier for the brain to lie to itself &amp; you than to admit that you're f***ing miserable.
oh i am 100% cold weather over warm weather as a californian where cold is like 50-60 degrees.
fmr. sec. of state &amp; candiate calm adult:"i'll have more to say about it when we actually know the facts"
that was really a vise statement.she is not,foolish trump to say something,then change it.
please follow us on flipboard - will you join me on my fight to defeat the stupidparty?
trey gowdy is just another cartoon character in the gop line up of weird, woeful, wacko's. they have the market covered in creep.
am i still drunk? well i missed my face when trying to drink water and most of this tweet was typed out with autocorrect so you tell me
totally worth it, having friends again feels so wonderful
twitter's video processing servers need a kick this morning
nurburgring race this morning ...
good luck in college my love i'm going to miss you so much remember that i will always be supporting you babe
this was when all of the tears came out my boy is growing up
do you ever finish one row of oreos by yourself and are abt to touch another row and are like "this is a oreo checkpoint do not proceed"
but do it anyways
i'm also pretty sure there's been at least one more artist announced after this picture went up. we need to hit this event hard.
i'm really torn between this and mogra
re v2v replacing hi quality image detect...sure in 25+ years when 100% of cars on the road have that tech....
many would argue me is low quality image detect, not high
watch this video for free here: ...
hello what is your name mine is bill. they won't let the video play.
my eyes right now
such pretty lashes
i know. don't you just love the fall? haha.
weather is lovely, sports is in high gear and all the shows are back.. its like christmas comes early.. (except no dw :(
bro stop tweeting from my account.
i hope this all a joke.
what's your opinion on hosting the mongo setup- containers vs vms
ummm don't put state in containers jfc
a third "device" wasn't found on 5th avenue and 28th/29th street. all clear given.
so much fear mongering
i agree that our media is very partisan in reporting issues &amp; carries deep anti hindu bias.
glad someone from the fraternity itself spoke about the ongoing media atrocities against hindus.
40-50s and overcast is my kind of type weather
yeah california cold still has me debating shorts or jeans.
to see his name get dropped is such a shock honestly
no fucking way.
it's recently come to my attention... that i still love these chloe sevigny youtube videos.
i walked past the guy who does that this afternoon
to see his name get dropped is such a shock honestly
what?! what the fuck
not nit picking but xhaka was unchallenged as he lined up the shot and keeper should have got a touch. still a good goal though. happy #
perry that shot was all over the place beside it swerved right and then left it was traveling too
smh he on my account linda.
psh, i don't know that willie.
i don't think she realizes the liberal agenda..pushed from park avenue high rises, is the reason she's suffering
actually you're off by a couple blocks, but thanks for trolling.
glyssaagourrrrl, bettttactalk to ya boy
i haven't talked to him since i left for the army! i haven't seen him around or heard from him in awhile
awww. i love winter best, tbh.
fuck winter.. winter is coming and i'm gonna be shoveling and freezing.. you will be in your swimsuit lol
they got some ego that nobody gives a fuck about and love jabbing at us when they arent knowledgeable enough to argue
lmao i'm dead about us ranting about them but it's mad true.
literally lmao at the infidels blaming on islam... the keeps getting stupider by the minute!!
&lt;---can't get ne more ignorant! i suppose the man in mn today shouting allahu akbar &amp; stabbing ppl wasnt islam!
i already bought them
hurry up! estoy esperando
glyssaagourrrrl, bettttactalk to ya boy
wtf. that's not the fucking jr that i know wtf
wow, beaaauuuutiful collection! :') i always wanted to collect the figures but they're so pricey. t__t
yeah the music boxes are $$$ but worth it! just recently my local jp bookstore carries official totoro goods so rip wallet
imagine being proud to be "colorblind" to race, which is a beautiful thing &amp; diversity should be celebrated.
so imagine being a dumb piece of shit? i'm on it (marc)
obama has added more to the nat. debt than all b4 him combined!
o's handy work
hot cum loving babes at
thats school girl dress kind of underwear girl... smell that wafting piss &lt;33333 &gt;fuckme&gt;fuckme&gt;fuckme
everything i know is nothing
but nothing i know is everything
&lt;---can't get ne more ignorant! i suppose the man in mn today shouting allahu akbar &amp; stabbing ppl wasnt islam!
&lt;--- uneducated &amp; uninformed box of rocks!
"i guarantee you if he's out there, he'll come down with the rock." top 3 hail mary targets (via )
should've put dez in there. he goes up for that contested ball with pure strength and determination, he's big 2
a social low point: playing words with friends alone
i believe it's called words without friends
they dont. ur just very uninformed. feelsbadbra
no asshole, you're uninformed!
dont be afraid to take your time when u sleep and make sure your body, mind &amp; your phones are on 100% before you leave your versace mansion
real mf shit
surprise jack closing guests and ft dancing like a fiend
i was so excite
start the day with samthing beautiful acting at it's finest ty
i lose it with "white dove" onscreen and on the page. thanks to sam for bringing it to life for millions."
it's game time, good luck to lsu and may the best team win! hail state
your boys put up a good fight, especially after the early gut punch. very encouraging for a young team.
2007- would be tickled to hear his 2016 javascript builds would take 10x longer than his c and java (actually-compiled) builds took
are you using babel or typescript? because it's still "actually compiled" ;) i'll sick on you...
[emerges from shadows] psst... over here... closer... [looks furtively] can i trust you? [fidgets, inhales] "snowden" was terrible. terrible.
(a cloud of mother jones readers and sanders supporters swarms, hits and kicks him, drags him to a sprinter van. jon is never seen again.)
that ok. i wondered if it was an actual plan or an extrapolation. thanks for your answer.
it's been the plan since the beginning. you're new to this.
you gone believe me or your own two eyes baby?
my own two eyes don't lie to me boy
aye can i borrow some money
ay megan bruh lemme get a ride tmw
weren't you working on torch like yesterday?!?
yo i'm trying to find anything running/working at this point. lol but yeah torch is life now :d until this theano model works
these little ones have cerebellar hypoplasia so they are floppy &amp; don't know how to "cat" - but so sweet!
aw, poor little cute fellas, all i've got for is this guy, joining me for toonami, ha ha!
cocksucking cumslut swallows!
splatter all over her forhead till it drips down her boobies &lt;33333 suck her ass hole
i think it's time for bed bc my friend fell asleep
jk he's awake, he was getting free frozen yogurt
i was minutes past the in by foot. just missed it thankfully. i'm on live w/ at 10pmet on w/details
i can't believe it. ariel &amp; i weren't too far from the area. glad your okay.
guys they never charged my card yet for my phone should i take the money out
they might lock the phone
yeah, sure. lol.
lol this is interesting
did you at least get to bone your mom anne coulter before you turned homo by choice?
you're probably a dude trying to attach after trumpkins. you're dismissed.
is 2 am too late/early to have a couple bowls of fruity pebbles? i think not.
live ur life
(a cloud of mother jones readers and sanders supporters swarms, hits and kicks him, drags him to a sprinter van. jon is never seen again.)
you want a conspiracy? oliver stone is a plant by the right, ensuring no popular depiction of important stories will ever be credible.
the good news is, the windows partition is disposable, and nothing of value was lost.
hooray for steam cloud saves?
the ignorance that enters our mentions smh. sometimes i just think "why would you ever tweet that?" it's all good tho
that ignorance is the reason why you &amp; similar platforms need to exist. looking forward to the day where that isn't the case.
japan pool runners wouldn't even let me set my own buttons &amp; scroll options to vs mode. let alone start my match... definitely not about it.
wow. they have no idea how to run things smoothly and effectively. sorry that happened to you :(
high motor. deceptive speed. student of the game. like a coach on the field. plays the game the right way.
i love welkerian superlatives as much as the next guy, but not sure what you're going after here.
today is the first day of school in . please pray to god that neither nor us-mercenaries would attack our school kids.
satan never takes the day off! sorry, your kids will be killed so israel can steal syria.
finally back home
isnt it like 10am for you
i say gates then, cause allen's out for the year
thats what i'm sayin
i was shocked! cause i haven't see/heard of anything to do w/ him til now. and damn, what a way to hear about him again
idk what to say. i'm pretty shocked to hear this shit.
gentrification: first the artists make it "cool" then the gays make it "pretty" and finally the (wealthy/white) families make it "safe".
where is race in this equation tho
get off cruz. cruz did nothing wrong. buh bye cry baby
cruz is just another bush crime family crony!
"give pakistan a last chance. let our guns do the talking then." i wrote this 1 yr ago. time out--pl read last para
no more warnings. strike at will &amp; strike where the hurt is permanent. reciprocate birthday gift to modi ji.
heading to the goth club! with and and my pet!!
great pic! love the lipstick!
yikes! rip indeed. xd i figure i'll just mostly collect practical stuff so i can use them (which is very unlike me otherwise. :o)
i do have household stuff like cups &amp; lunch bags plus stationery! now i got reminded where my december totoro charm...
she's waiting on facts from diverse sources.
bravo; that's the right way.
that stadium is a logistical fucking nightmare, and once again, this is what you get for being at a beyonce concert.
lol we just waited it out prices went right back down to 15 lol
tesla's dream car is finally making it to the roads. there's just one tiny hitch: gm beat them to it.
one tiny problem. it's a which is synonymous with crap, even crap smells like flowers compared to the shit gm produces.
bochy hasn't been at his best in the end-games, but he also doesn't have the same reliable arms. you think every team is perfectly lined up?
he doesn't have any good options
birthday was a success. goodnight
happy birthday, queen.
today i met a kindred spirit. someone i have already learned a tremendous amount from.thanks so much ! so happy to have met you!
happy meeting you too! =) .. stand together, united! nov 8 time to
that stadium is a logistical fucking nightmare, and once again, this is what you get for being at a beyonce concert.
but you're right the stadium is put in the worst possible area for parking and coming and going
im so sleepy im about to fall asleep but arc v
think of yuri, never sleep again
how much whiter can your twitpic get hahah
haha i thought it was perfect
your salt is my fave electrolyte
stop licking me.
california still doesn't have its own water source
enjoy your freshly filtered sewer water. we're all good here in cali.....
1/2/e/f trains suspended, street closures from w.14-34th + 5th-7th ave. a second pipe bomb searched for @ w.27th st.
correction-traffic closed from w.14th-w.32nd and from 5th ave to 8th ave until further notice!
get a sneak peek of the new cars set to arrive in this week for testing: via .
are those the r-179 cars
nope i only take them w's
two ls don't make a w. don't play yourself
forgive him kacy. as you can see, he does/says/writes stupid shit at times. means no harm, can't help himself
i'm known as a scholar and an intellectual.
figaro pho. on netflix. open to interpretation. -wtf did i just watch ??
the person who created the visuals must of been on acid or something .o
an underwear ad just came on the radio in my uber and i've never heard a man (my driver) be so uncomfortable.
i can imagine him terribly concerned that it is making his customer uncomfortable, hence fewer stars, no tip.
figaro pho. on netflix. open to interpretation. -wtf did i just watch ??
the person who created the visuals must of been on acid or something .
and apparently bish has a dick the size of a coffee table.
i think she retired?
brilliant , great way to glorify a man who killed people by dousing them in sulphuric acid!!
indian media is back to its shameful acts. as bihar dsn't have enough goondas already.
so beauties
thank you bb o:(
lol just go to daly city
it's not the same bro
i hate you. she's a homie, pothead too
thats what you call undercover dick? mmmkay
omg yes but a friend of mine got hit in the eye so we had to go to the ambulance and stuff lol but everything's fine now
omg yikes glad everythings ok now! hope your friend is alright
morning tweeps nice little road trip today to seil island oban
have a great day
on december 2, witness a new kind of exorcism. watch the trailer for now.
how about nah
i hate when im mad at someone and i by accident snapchat them
i reallllllly need too work on sending people the right snapchat
ok back to cali
come to the bay man
nc: trump vs hillary vs gj civitas 9/11-9/12 my analysis post: adjusted: trump +6%
you r telling everyone's that, u kiss my ass 6 times.is that true?
and, what else? c'mon and come clean, for once. at least a bad movie watching and poor baskeball judging fool
i've been called this generation's red auerbach and roger ebert multiple times.
parks and rec's and wife are coming tomorrow! don't miss out!
i'm sure you meant "successful actress and comedian," &amp;not just "nick offerman's wife," right?
bye morgan i'll miss you! don't party too hard at cal poly
thank you kenzie i'll miss you too!! feel free to come visit whenever!
lol nah my guts might come out wit it
if they do just stick them back in
90210 has me crying
i miss that show
i'm relatively new to oakland and want to start training, could you give me some recommendations on where to go?
i promise i'm not a troll. i'm a former d1 athlete, not that that means anything but i'm just trying to learn.
is on twitter even when he's partying.
always on twitter
do you index only repos?
some bitbucket, apache, etc., repos as well. need a specific one? -
i promise i'm not a troll. i'm a former d1 athlete, not that that means anything but i'm just trying to learn.
if you could point me in the right direction i'd be forever grateful. really appreciate your work in the octagon.
good luck
lol i think i'll make it
dvsn should have went platinum if america played fair
people hated on them for no reason. prob one of the best projects released this year.
haha aww that's so sweet of you! i wish i was there too, but i'm glad you guys got to experience it together! next concert!
forsure!! we need to make a list of possible bands/artist to see!!!
what you say about yourself doesn't count. more like red from shawshank and you know what happened to him
he escaped and found his best friend?
was watching late night tv "ccmt" with and saw and others. mind blown.
oh , that was from a few years ago.
i think reigen is my favorite character in mob psycho 100. i need to change my phone wallpapers to reigen pics now.
i'll draw him better after i draw him a thousand times like i did with choromatsu. :3
same. feel like there could be 3 fights and i still couldn't find all the winners in a 5 fighter lineup.
i bought into the hype on gomez, i just love a good story &amp; then roberson. diamond was the coup de tete
if i didn't know him, neither would i. nor do i know what dumb shit he said to earn your ire
i don't say anything dumb. i'm a well-oiled machine.
beautiful walk along the omeath carlingford greenway yesterday
- miss the walks along the carlingford wall &amp; the drive thru omeath -newry -warren point. wish was ferry to isle of man stil
i mean it's your life but i really like this one
it's permanent m8
both and buy me some too
girl if i had the money i would &amp; ima fly your ass up here too
why y'all not sleep?
y u not sleep? i got my peeps here for a old fashioned game night
congratz and , and still the iconic chris is sleeping while katy trolling happened again
thanks rosi - chris needs to get on cali hours in order to keep up with perry
turns out mct can go well beyond mars, so will need a new name...
hi elon, following in the theme of fictional beasts (dragon) you could name it the gryphon, sphinx, phoenix, or leviathan?
if you ever want to see leftists show their true colors, go to fb page, and look at the comments they leave.
i just checked it, pretty bad.
rewatching night moves and really enjoying the tone of this movie more the second time through.
hopefully hackman &amp; not eisenberg?
follow we know u love her
you should follow me!!! gurl, you know i'm funnay hunnay
i realize i've had a lot awesome experiences in my life and i'm happy for that. however now i need to make a bunch of money.
i know you're gonna get there soon &lt;3
his company has been sued twice by the doj for discriminating against black tenants.
he opened his club in miami to blacks and jews while hillary's club in westchester was whites only.
i want to make a comment about you hemorrhaging followers but that's actually mean and not pretendsies mean..
i'm still up over 700 from a week ago!
i read that as electric english i was so confused holy
had to work with the character limit haha.
thank you for blessing snapchat i was basically there 2
always looking out for those less fortunate
axiom/abc battleground counties poll. florida: hillsbrough, 9/6-9/7, 812 lv my analysis post:
i am in hillsborough right now. our peoples have this for you.
there was somethang there if not medicated drugs or alcohol, something's seriously wrong medically
classic signs of a tranquilizer or few glasses of her favorite booze!
everyone went through times. everyone grew up differently. you have to learn how to life and the small things.
cheers love - u hit the nail on the head!!!!!!!
i have to say, i remember that breakaway play develop vividly. 3 wr left, only 2 dbs facing. signals to them.
texas rolls their safeties toward the wrs anticipating screen, but away from the box! did the rest as the ol did work. amazing.
unfortunately, yes
still sick?
i bet when i leave my body for the sky the wait, the wait will be worth it
this is my favorite local native lyric which pairs well with another fav "you're telling me how you're going to/outlive your body"
wonder if you could get it reasonably close if it went down, say, front street
r u suggest coming from b'way down front instead of kearny or montg'y? to turn west on market or cross to mission?
ur slowly going going to become a degen. welcome to the club bro
once i went to an indoor track meet with a stack of $1's &amp; bet on the events as they went off. aka degenerate!
flew to vegas to wrap up my interviews for our show that's unlike anything you've ever seen -...
did you ever get your fork??
what? so you now have an 800 on your sat's
i brought my to the next level
word of the year for obsessives: seigniorage.
bep nerds have known it for a while.
my money is on trump supporter taking focus off the great speech by potus &amp; honor given to hrc tonight.
what obama was talking shit about h tonight like back in 2008 zzzzzz lies bore me
result of the tri tip experiment. also pictured: homemade pickled onions/jalapeos and chipotle aioli. super tasty.
i've been getting into the pressure cooker ever since our new kid showed up. just put a rub on back ribs for tomorrow.
sitting in the car blasting r&amp;b throwbacks w rn
i remember when i was a part of those late night car rides :/
i like how this started as you defending him hahaha
marty loves me. i'm his favorite account on here.
video: this is a moment of introspection for all of us, says mos pmo jitendra singh on uri terror attack
mr. singh, enough of introspection. time for action. and no better time than now strategically. go for the kill finish camps first
i'm about 95% better, so now it's just the stress from all the things i need to catch up on :/ (and life in general)
i can commiserate. our department retreat is this weekend, so zero work getting done.
99.9% of my day i'm convinced carlos is gay
i really love this tweet
happy birthday to this beautiful girl!!! i hope your day is wonderful
awhhhh! happy birthday yesenia!!!
looked who i got to meet at a local indie wrestling show
oh sweet yay!!
you're struggling to find a good name for your novel's villain, you say?
bh edward hepenstall ina chrochdir, mar shampla.
ur welcome, even if the lightning is bad i'm jealous
don't be jealous, your turn will come to meet her
talking about trump are we?
can't get past the pha jay jay to listen was of of good air don't waste your time only focused on gender
black cristian &amp; i only txt eachother for hw or for advice lmao
other than that we just be rude af to eachother
if it makes you feel any better, texas, just remember, by 2024 you'll be a blue state. you're welcome.
mic. dropped.
how did trump know it was a bomb before the police did?
my neighbors said,that trump paid to one of his foolish follower to do it.don't worry they will find out.
debate rules being set by hillary donors via
doesn't matter. will crush her. is almost done.
. ___ ___ . rt feedyrheadalice: give them what they want
great...feed him cum...
i can't believe it
not butter!!!
me meeting friend from the internet for the first time: "so how is *insert name of person's cat and or dog* doing?"
i don't even know your cat's name. i'm the worst internet friend!
i can't believe it
is not butter!
so meek had to go get help? help from a nigga who been dead for years?
where's his team tho? ross ain't shit lol
she looks gawd awful!
definitely on tranquilizers or drunk. not fit to be a potus!!!
there's literally so much sugar in my body.
psa do not have boba and ice cream in one night
so it looks like the yugioh anime twitter says that asuka "shakes" yuri's mind. i assume she almost manages to break into his head
i doubt he's bugged, but i have to imagine he wasn't just born a violent sociopath...
we do a dept one day social (which was friday). no work was done yesterday (or today) either.
ended the night by burning myself on the bonfire. may make typing hard for a while.
pretty sweet! is the whole car new as well?
pretty much!
porn. sitting in the front seat and there was porn on my tl. oops. sorry backseat people
syke, u know you liked that dick you saw.
i never been the type to spend my money up on a woman that's not actually my girl some of y'all nigga be buggin
as you shouldn't
gn/gd jamie &amp; claire
pure onscreen magic!
for example, the human x and y chromosomes originated about 200-300 million years ago in eutherian mammals1,2 after the split of monotremes
, and sex chromosomes evolved independently in birds, snakes, and multiple times in other reptiles, "
most likely he wasn't. i mean, look at that flashback image
i bet he was taken away and reeducated...
pmln educational system
and this talal ch halqa ... photo courtesy of
was watching late night tv "ccmt" with and saw and others. mind blown.
you know, it's awesome people are watching . it's good shit.
coconut oil saved my life
nvm coconut oil clogged my pores
who celebrates half way to st paddy's day you ask? joey cervetto does, that's who
i'm dead! iona college knows how to party!!!
i stared into the abyss. apparently the abyss "has a boyfriend "
gesture madly at the abyss until she removes her headphones.
ugh so hard cause i secretly love bad brad's racing style but (i know you hate this) but i'm also secret logano paisano !
yaaaa can't stand joey lol! i am going with martin truex jr for this! would love to see him pull it off!
just so you know, the guy behind the guy, with the other guys
ah! is he production photog or...?
i'm sleeping at the other house and this dog has been barking for 2 hours now. i hope the skunk outside sprays that fucker.
just call she is a master of making dogs submit to her will.
need one of these bro
maybe i can get these guys to build me a setup, their work is amazing
can't be more supreme sacrifice than loss of precious lives of our jawans:mos pmo jitendra singh to
jeetendra ji, enough of supreme sacrifices. sacrifices demand ultimate act of appreciation by dumping khaakistaan to khaak now.
this is must read article 2 learn how obama and traitorous liberals will give usa 2 the muslims via
yes~a must read! "..working in the shadows to keep local citizens unaware of their plans.."
not sure if i want to sit in a car running a nanodegree graduate's code.
this announcement only make sense because self-driving cars are fezes
so you can just close the door on the cold. sounds legit
cold is a character in this movie.
couple retweets &amp; i'll drop on sound tonight
couple more retweets droppin n the am tho
hot? idk y but its amazing
:/ will u marry me
thanks for all the wishes and looking forward to this new phase in professional life.
advice along with wishes: get stupid ideas like giving space to alternative voices off the table
plans for the weekend got switched up. should i do a marvel movie marathon starting with 1st im?
doctor who marathon (original series!)
panic isn't the right word. disgusted or contemptuous more like it. we loath the hoaxing media!
100% pure loathing towards the orwellian media. panic is for the confused. i am not confused.
rt threatening life is so cowardly!
you are right. trump is mad &amp;stupid. fbi must watch him closely
after the nick cave shell shock subsided, i did something different and, uh, wrote about john mayer:
you underestimate how many suits are in the boardroom for these label decisions; &amp;, intrinsically, what it is to grow as an artist
couple retweets &amp; i'll drop on sound tonight
couple more retweets fina drop tho
glad you and are okay.
thanks! we live super far away in a desolate semi-suburban nowhere part of nyc so we're okay!
- sony blames indie dev - takes down slim leak reports - game delays - intentional vagueness yeah, let's support that.
doesn't include uhd player that everyone expected , yep let's support it
actually, she is on antibiotics, for pneumonia.
lol clearly u travel w/ , right? not! she's a habitual liar maniac
i miss you too! i'm trying to go out there in january
sheesh hopefully i'm still out here by then
man as rough as this season has been, this past week has been fun to watch, i'm looking forward to these young guys next year
having watched them develop throughout the minor leagues makes it even better. these kids are going somewhere.
actually, she is on antibiotics, for pneumonia.
antibiotics don't cause drunkenness or give a high which she clearly was one of those tonight!
evil character
they should've just personified it and had ice cube play cold.
bombing in new jersey, bombing in new york city, mass stabbing in minnesota. we better get our act together. pretty quick.
we the ppl are together. its our corrupt govt, media that doesn't have their act together
actually, she is on antibiotics, for pneumonia.
now have a seat, imbecile.
i'm guessing he's thinking the modern definition of terror, related to radical islamists
maybe so, but i'll bet you lil wayne's gold teeth that the explosive devices weren't planted by buddhists.
ryon healy looking like a gem, what's crazy is i had no idea who the guy was until this year. i had my eyes on chapman
the lack of walks make me think healy is going to settle in as a better c.j. cron, which would be fine.
wait! you were supposed to remind me!
u missed out on
thanks. was a great segment. and a fun surprise. lol
there's this video, too.
the lack of walks make me think healy is going to settle in as a better c.j. cron, which would be fine.
best of all, would open up options to deal someone like olson or renato. a long-term solution at first base would be huge.
cause all that nigga want is to sell records and the only way he can is by getting publicity
facts bro , his career over after this one
once chapman is ready and the diamond goes healy at 1b, wendle at 2b, barreto at ss and chapman at 3b going to be fun
barreto can play the outfield if marcus sticks around.
barreto can play the outfield if marcus sticks around.
at the same time, i think marcus would be a solid left fielder. very strong arm
i like the rotation too. gray, cotton, alcantara, graveman and i hope this kid puk lives up to expectations he has a nice arm
manaea. and don't sleep on overton. not there yet, but he's coming along. and mengden was in stockton a year ago.
my fuckin sister just called a phone booth, a fuckin tardis ahahaha fuckin dr who nerd i fuckin can't i hate her
update: in her defense, "the pokestop is called 'faux tardis'" \_()_/
oh god i love this film.
want to drop our lives and make it?
both those guys underwhelmed in aaa this year but if keep olson can play corner outfield and will get 100+ walks a year
olson's outfield defense needs to be better than the bits i've seen.
this dumb bitch tried comin for me in the gay bar saying i was tryin to steal his girl. like what?!?!
straight people need to get out of our bars
if someone can pick up two bottles and deliver to place at cottages i'll venmo money up front plus $20
y'all need the in tempe
has the train left?
left at around 12:50, just getting back to millbrae now
i just had a bad sleep paralysis dream.... i seriously wish i didn't suffer from these.
i get them too sometimes, usually when i'm really stressed.
someone save me from this i already want to die
you would think these are classes but its work
lmao i will gladly make a shot for shot remake of this movie with that one addition.
you know team america came about from matt and trey wanting to make the same movie with puppets shot for shot?
way better! but his eye and hopefully can cut down k's make him more valuable to keep, try and grab someone for nunez
i'd like renato to get a chance before we deal him.
tyna actions on our faces lmaooo where teenagers why we care what thay were
i mean i personally dont care it wad just ay figure of speach
also curious to see jaycob brugman too make it up to the bigs
brugman's interesting. i liked vertigan more but brugman's impressed lately. also big on marincov and i like boyd.
you &amp; miller were the highlight of my night
same! you had no idea how happy i was to see you guys
cindy goes all over nyc, but i"think" she lives north of there. hope she's alright. hope you're okay, please let us know.
thank you both so much .. i'm fine. was in the area earlier in the day but uptown when it happened. scary times. :(
a long term closer that you can count on
i like the closer platoon of doo and madson. alone, they're good. together they're great.
brugman's interesting. i liked vertigan more but brugman's impressed lately. also big on marincov and i like boyd.
really excited for marincov. hoping he doesn't go in rule 5.
yay! loved her time at !
wait, there's people who don't like drag kings? sheesh, people need to get more fun out of life.
are you going to kanye for pablo?
maybe. it's on my bday weekend, and idk what i want to do yet.
do people dream in black &amp; white? wut
people who are color blind dream in black and white cuz they can't imagine color
says we are worse than deplorable and then says they should do away with us. hypocrite much?
hey says she'll report and block hate speech, ah? i think i smell stupidity and that's a fact not opinion
did you end up going out?
cuz if you did that's a decent excuse to still be awake :)
i'd love to do so many movies shot for shot with slight changes. like very minor things that might slightly alter the plot
i've always thought it would be funny to do a straightforward biopic and at the end just have nick fury recruit them.
i hate you so much
it was a gyllenhall-you-can-eat buffet
this is a real problem. a president, for reasons of safety and national security, can't get ahead of the facts:
everything is a real problem with him. everything.
saw a shooting star tonight and it was pretty awesome ngl
was it the stars or the girl?
cuz if you did that's a decent excuse to still be awake :)
no, i fell asleep for an hour watching football and now i'm wide awake. i'm lame
i argee but this panda express i ain't 37 im 19 but very corny u act like ur 40 u want repect gbu
i never said i wanted respect jerkoff
aidan and i have had a game of battleship going on for 3 hours cause we both suck
it's over, aidan took the w ):
could i bury my rage with a boy half your age in the grass? bet your ass
but i've done that already...
i took a picture wth the band members dog
btw this hat is so fucking cute bc it's of that very dog, potato.
lmao that would be fantastic.
i can't think of one at the top of my head but i've seen so many movies that could've had great endings if they'd go dark
damage control aside, he has a partial point. 8 feet away from my 4k tv where i sit, won't be able to see any difference.
depends on eye and how sensitive ppl are to it. hard to see diff 900 to 1080, some can't tell 60 from 30x some can etc
please impact life with the opportunity you have. god bless
i will. thank you for much. cc
pak public debt increased alarmingly in last 30yrs. wondered where it goes? well rs 600b every year to keep state owned enterprises going
this is the whole plan. to get nation crumbling under loans and then sell off national assets for a song, increase poverty
the worlds of sports &amp; tech collided once again at disrupt in san francisco.
who lined up steph? it's hella crooked.
shut your mouth. halloween gets a year.
then it wouldn't be special, now, would it? (also are you truly prepared for every holiday to be year round?)
now claims she didn't tweet this. also tomatoes are a fruit. class adjourned.
she turned around and her phone disappeared andcthe next thing she knew bam! hate tweet damn must be a new 7
thanks! waiting at sf for the train.
no worries!! have a safe trip home!
do i need an invitation to attend this section? dm me details please. thanks
yes. as it is inside the un
when in doubt just assume i'm not watching the crappy one.
your status has been renewed. recco on a tv show from the great white north
no, i fell asleep for an hour watching football and now i'm wide awake. i'm lame
no way. so much cooler than going out. i'm gonna try listening to c-span. wish me luck
sorry for blowing up ur mentions pixelop
i'm not sorry lmao
no way. so much cooler than going out. i'm gonna try listening to c-span. wish me luck
i would have made a stronger effort if you were my date tonight. i can't compete with cspan though.
club penguin teen beach movie summer jam announced!
i remember that party! it was soooo fun
lol that face time call we had
that was a while back lol that don't count lol
and the lack of it!! ;p
what if an entire community,celebrities et al, came 2gether 2ensure dat each kid had opportunity 2go2 school
have they even been children of god :(?
you right :/ let's pray for them at church today ?
you ain't earnin shiiittt
let's be real u gonna get wrecked mamma
when i settled in for a quiet night at home, i didn't expect to have to deal with a deluge of literal nazis clogging my mentions...
happy saturday in 2016
if you dont show who negan killed in that fucken trailer.. im gonna kill y'all.
i stopped watching before they first went off to fight negan. i don't do cliffhangers. i'll find out 2 days before next season.
lol turn up with me or i'll turn up with you!
lol are you coming out here?
first time i've ever had to cancel plans due to a bombing. our destination for the night was just a few blocks away.
glad you two are ok. it's not all jenga and cheesy poofs huh. what a world.
it's in his favor in sfv &amp; mine in puzzle fighter, but i based the rest of games to be 50/50.
oh i thought it was sfv only
speaking of burns, imma burn
joining you. 4:47 here. really just continuing ;)
safety? more power for more bullies? humans who hand over safety for freedom are gonna lose more than they bargain for
i'm talking abt personal safety. ur talking about something else. my focus is on that before blame.
pretty much likewise ;p
however, since i've already started, i just spent the last two minutes looking for my lighter...
i don't even actually work at rolling stone but all i get is fake rape story
(also these people are terrible)
it was 4 hours ago hahaha
go to sleep it's past your bed time girl
she said she only had two - bet she's lying
maybe she smoked a lil of the green stuff - lol
just won the last proving grounds, too bad i couldn't qualify :v thanks for all the support guys!!
congrats, man! i need to get up there again with you young lads!
i am laughing hysterically like a maniac at this
mr bean is my spirit animal
i would have made a stronger effort if you were my date tonight. i can't compete with cspan though.
next time. in fact, next time something explodes in chelsea, lets just say it's a sign &amp; meet @ the scene.
probably a hall or hotel in bay area. just inquiring for friend.
emailing info.com for bookings is best! local weddings are very doable
congrats by the way on getting noticed shannon!
aww the is jess - congrats to you too even though i have no idea what she's talking about in her tweets to you
nudes are great and all but there's just something bout seeing a woman naked for the first time in real life.
it's like unwrapping a really wavy present.
if you're ever hurting please don't hesitate to reach out
people are here for you they love you even if it doesn't feel like it you are never alone
i'll be sharing the irish words for direwolf etc once i get my own hands on a copy.
7s a dhisigh m, mac na tire dna, tr chad cileagram de pheaca ...
idk for blame i want to prevent.......innocent getting hurt
yes. innocent lives are at risk here in the city that never sleeps. - that i agree with.
and the other 'fat' guy is gone ..... not surprise here
not a shock - jansen seems like a quality guy
been traveling a bit, loves. sorry for not posting much lately. at disneyland today. current view:
great view!
variation on a theme: what some want is not freedom &amp; a chance; it is gov't handouts &amp; the "easy" way
it's tuff to defeat "santaclaus [read .]" but it can be done!!
your right is all about usa and usa alone lol ever seen what your tax monney does outside your country
more &amp; more american citizens are now waking up to what is being done in the name of .
potus asked aa in audience not to turn their backs on hrc. ' if you want to honor my legacy, then go vote!'
what an unbelievably arrogant son of a bitch! he is completely out of touch with reality!
wtf how?!??!!!!? lucky!!!!'
he offered!!!
well and pike bc as soon as chris pike finds out that spock is the one who knocked jimmy up there is hell to pay
this gives me life
17 soldiers were killed when militants attacked an army camp in indian-administered kashmir, indian army said.
cnn please correct yourself. terrorists sent from across the border are not militants. if it had happened in the us what wud u call?
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
what-the-f*ck for?!? have her take a million or so from foundation as b'day gift!!
if i told you the shit that i made that got turned down and is now thriving in the market your head would explode
it's stupid at this point. they overlook common sense
i watched the intern, it's so gooodd
holy shit, that was the best movie i've seen in a long time!!!!!!!!
you know why i'm in tokyo? when i was young, some kids demolished me in an arcade and were assholes about it. now their dream is my life.
i can't wait to go there soon.
you'd think would cover, too busy repeatedly saying was not terror related
let's gray that line between domestic violence &amp; terror so more people die at the hands of islam! thanks obomba you arrogant sob!
ok, shippers, time to let it out xd
(we are few but we are strong)
you don't have any
re the real swagger
i want one i want one
i got this one at kohl's.
smh, y'all treat women like property. sharm kaaro, she's a human.
thank you!!
its a civil suit
i know. it was sarcastic. since it's a civil trial, it's not a "sexual assault trial", it's a lawsuit.
are you ok just watching news
yes, nowhere near me. thanks
love you tyson
love you too
it was never that serious. i was high and y'all killed my shit
this is a 2 million year old human skull of the species homo habilis.
do you think can answer that 3am call? looks like she got a litlle extra diazepam
she looks pretty weak here. damn?!
stop flirting sis! you're already with that pirates of the caribbean mother fucker
lmfao
bomb explodes in manhattan and nj. meanwhile in the white house...our fearless leader is dining with the terrorists.
arrogant son of a bitch?!?!
this is a 2 million year old human skull of the species homo habilis.
all humans evolved from this monkey which lived 35 million years ago:
next time. in fact, next time something explodes in chelsea, lets just say it's a sign &amp; meet @ the scene.
let's make next time tonight and have dinner somewhere nice. you can give me marketing advice.
"there is something special going on. we are going to take back the white house!"
all this negative tweeting for the past half hour then this one, thanks i needed that! trump!!!
travelex just stung me 500 pips com on aud to usd conversion. nice!
use credit card
crying in the bathroom by myself at the beyonc concert...... how could you not be jealous...
what? what's wrong now
is on twitter even when he's partying.
he is always thinking about you no matter what he is doing
i have sooooooo many questions for god! ugh where do i start
me too! why father!!!!!!!!
jews scared shitless of someone they can't control.
this is why the jews killed jesus, as told in the bible. john 7:1
the moment of usa soldiers raising their flags in .
they are not outfitted like us soldiers. i doubt they are us soldiers
marlene confirms a. d. has been running the game since charlotte's death.
ad ali dilaurentis, or esra fitzgerald?hmm i wonder
what else after dessert? maybe, have these post-dessert tea spheroids closing today's with that
let's be honest we only think of people as black and white because brown and pink people sounds a bit undignified.
&lt;---parchment-colored, like joe christmas
i wish i had a instagram so i could keep up wit this
in not even keeping up. i'm just seeing this comedy
back when my dad bought me a radio and i would stay up late when slow jams would play on 102.5&amp;literally have my radio next to me in bed
cause the volume gotta be on low not to wake everyone. haha but my crazy ass would ko and end up droppin my whole radio&amp;end up making noise
omg what u can play 8ba on text
yea if u get the new update tracy meashs
anyone voting for clinton &amp; her corruption is unamerican. go live in the middle east. i'll buy you a ticket!
you trump cretins will fall for anything. letting your ignorance &amp; hate blind you. i feel sorry for you.
we dont need no education..!!!
"we don't need no thought control, no dark sarcasm in the classroom"--coz we don't have classrooms
bob real talk you got 2 mins to tell me how to do that
do you have ios10
imagining how my life would b if i was taller and had longer eyelashes
it's not all that tbh
not at all! going to the gym can be effective for other areas, like muscle building and strength resistance!
but like i already have a high metabolism im guaranteed to lose a fuck ton of weight just by walking in the door
anyone voting for clinton &amp; her corruption is unamerican. go live in the middle east. i'll buy you a ticket!
people like you trump supporters are why the rest of the world either hates us or laughs at us.
remember the video when someone shook the stage and he grabbed the podium and almost crapped his pants!
that was ridiculous, such a lame ass.
@ re cause she a hater
me &amp; re the real shootahs
i am such a maj loser but i think i am a better person for having seen beyonc in concert!
wait but like how perfect was she?
yooooo you went fucken hard! mad respect!!!!!!
you guys my bad
also, john 18:28-19:16. it was the romans who flogged and killed christ. jews handed him over to the roman heathens.
jews had arrested jesus, and held a "jewish trial" in which they found him "guilty" of who knows what.
michelle obama's last trick as 'the closer': help elect hillary clinton
. is too two-faced for primetime!! the obamas' hate the clintons... from 2008 campaign 'n' b4!!
remember the video when someone shook the stage and he grabbed the podium and almost crapped his pants!
remember when someone tried to go after hillary &amp; she mad dogged them? she was like, i'm watching your ass!
why's it a secret buggi only i can no one else
cuz it's easy i send the game then u download real fast text me to if u want it
having fun with some of their campaigns..
they are.. i love the drawings..
two muslim women were attacked pushing a stroller and one lit on fire last week but you didn't see anyone blame christianity
that was some scary nyc terrorism last week that got almost no attention.
anyone voting for clinton &amp; her corruption is unamerican. go live in the middle east. i'll buy you a ticket!
you're stumping for a fascist and you call *me* un-american? the freaking irony.
whey protein or glutamine/creatine drink mixes are great for being able to build muscle. also, chicken/rice, faaaaam.
bruh im too poor for that shit like i cant even afford chicken
i can't think of anything more deplorable than for barack &amp; hillary to preach to blacks that conservatives hate them. and they believe it.
it is an insult to presume they believe it. most are clearly aware of their deceit. better days ahead for those left behind.
tweet your embarrassing moment w/ &amp; by 10/6 for a chance to win a tropical trip! nopurnec.
rushing to get off a bus ride to use a restroom and i still ended up peeing myself whilst waiting in line to use the bathroom.
how you get raped ??? just rape back lmaooooo
rt : how you get raped ??? just rape back lmaooooo
got it back though! thank goodness...
i would also do this. in fact, have had a friend drive me home to get my ring after i realized i had forgotten it.
. is too two-faced for primetime!! the obamas' hate the clintons... from 2008 campaign 'n' b4!!
"clownprince" barack hussein, the first... lives in fear that someone will f*ck with his failing/failed legacy!!
adults just want to be kids, juice boxes for days
damn asians and their chopsticks
ultimately his money! at least he wasn't selling uranium to russians and stealing from haitians like ur gal pal!
the trump foundation is a ponze scheme. he uses other people's charitable donations to buy self-portraits.
it still tastes good with water, especially the bodytech stuff
that doesnt sound good makes me feel sick
come to think of it we can probably defend commissioning a cartoon or two..... *lookup started*
the we, meaning you?
jews had arrested jesus, and held a "jewish trial" in which they found him "guilty" of who knows what.
pilate couldn't understand the crime that the jews had accused jesus of.
i'm definitely buying once (if) they come to slovenia
they will get to amazon europe at some stage not sure if you can order from slovenia
ockurrr i'll take that! you right! i got caught up being all faggity and forgot to be human, too.
i'm actually extremely disappointed that ru would not reach out to her or tweet about threats not being okay
pilate couldn't understand the crime that the jews had accused jesus of.
but regardless, the jews already had their trial over jesus' fate. the jews had sentenced him to death.
ultimately his money! at least he wasn't selling uranium to russians and stealing from haitians like ur gal pal!
i was a nonprofit ceo for 20+ years. there are laws against that. then there's trump u. you're all fools.
will do! u too! sundays r amaze 4that!
lucky for me that is the case, its 5:15 here
my bf finally went out !
he's being good miss ya face baby girl
omg that looks so beautiful i'm sorry for your loss :(
right?! i might rebuy it for $40 on ebay
wheel her out, prop her up, let her utter nonsense, make an excuse, give her a nap...
put a fork in in it. she's done.
govt is afraid deathly afraid of hackers
so many secrets... so few jail cells!!
martin hands down
youre drunk
can't even keep your story straight. smh
there is nothing straight about cj :d
im screaming this is what ive been waiting for
can we appreciate that shun looks like he definitely wants this to happen like "yes hi you're gonna marry my sister no arguing"
and all i have in my fridge is broccoli
aka be healthy bitch
i just gave myself the worst anxiety/depression and idk what to do with it now
for some reason i thought i'd feel better after getting my feelings out but it just made them more real and painful
by genius i meant you're a lousy piece of shit.
coming from you that's a compliment.
here's a photo of reference for how big this is.
tbh i dont care enough to use protein whatevers i just want to get in shape im too lazy for that i wont do it i know it
ikr and like they know too cause that's like effort right there
i full on shed a tear when i did i dreamed a dream and added movements it was wild
nah bro you don't even shknowwww.... shit was so neff i feel like the neffest dude out for even wasting my time
just wait for these stories dawg outta this world. these dude beyond selfish
i might end up with one more. trying tob decide cam naked or cam kel stew
may play one more as well. already have 20
take prince's pic off your icon. he was a republican. another deplorable.
being a republican doesn't make you deplorable. being a sexist racist ass-hat does. if that shoe fits well...
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
this orange orangutan loves giving people derogatory names...
i'm actually extremely disappointed that ru would not reach out to her or tweet about threats not being okay
it's not even the edit that's the problem so much as how hateful people are being.. so much for 'community'..
you're gey
look at the moon gay boi !!
there is nothing straight about cj :d
omg i'm sorry vendor gave me wine tonight i'm putting the phone down now
take prince's pic off your icon. he was a republican. another deplorable.
prince was a big supporter of &amp; my colleague . keep his name out of your mouth.
ally line up always fucked up
i don't get a line up bitch
hello kitty ice cream cake!
hk ice cream cake mmmmmm
usher's newest album is projected to move 25k-28k. crazy how far off that's from his confessions album which moved 1.2 million. rip rnb.
and that confessions album went diamond in 2012 selling 10 million in the us. 20 million worldwide. pretty crazy now.
i might end up with one more. trying tob decide cam naked or cam kel stew
play one with eli
oh and you have to check you passport at the door! thanks for the bullshit!
check you passport? check you grammar
fair &amp; impartial will provide questions for the presidential debate
"fair 'n' impartial's" ass!! hand-in-glove with .' brand of communism/socialism!!
this is a hit jib by obama and hillary to distract public from trumps lead and hillary distrust.
no conclusive info yet on a perpetrator, but it's probably neither obama nor hillary.
nothing like having essay deadlines every saturday night
the questions is are you adjusting to college life? and are you enjoying college life?
you're a pederast. i'm just curious why a child molester thinks stheir opinions matter.
i don't know but you seem to be voting for that pedophile. why do you think his opinion matters?
excellent essay. you nailed it on the nose....
~ thank you donna! thank you for reading!
yes! sure you know his famous quote re: oscar? he felt fears he would be drunk at ceremony prevented noms, vowed fears unfounded
whoa!!! i did not know that.
you live an interesting life . love your adventures,
: i'm vaguely traumatized. i've never had anyone's mother climb into bed. holy fuck.
cheap alcohol... town of old people here so they probably don't realise what day it is...
well.. that explains that, dun'it~
i'm sorry if i sound pushy, i'm just really passionate about fitness and stuff hhhhh
nah its ok im just telling ya im waaayyy tooo lazy to care that much i just wanna go to the gym im also too lazy for that tho
i wanna know why i was logged out of all my social media.
i wanna know who always tries to log onto my twitter bc my phone notifies me every time they try
jeh johnson donated $500k to to be appointed secretary who is funding him
marty... can you spell "g-e-o-r-g-e~~s-o-r-o-s?!?" that shitbag~.~is behind most of america's ills!!
to our disciples in please be safe out there, our thoughts are with the victims of this evenings incidents. rt
thank you so much. it's crazy here but as new yorkers we are strong.
welcome to the prophet family.
welocome. a really great addition to your great cast.
don't cry. he'll fix all to the point you'll no longer have to cry. that's a guarantee.
step up and let hillary know you've got her back. add your name now if she can count on you in november!
how did this garbage get on my blog.? crooked hillary is disgusting to me and should be in prison!
also have him in every season long league i'm in.
only playing 2 season long this year. one that i have been in since the 90's &amp; 2nd w/$500 buy in. have ben &amp; luck as qb's
ok she's screaming i'm calling 911
ok t! she cheated on him (they're married) she was kicking him out and he refused, she was screaming and he kept saying get off of me
am i the only one in the world that watches bloodline wtf????
lots of us watch it in oakland
this shit is so stupid, what grown ass man scribbles on slippers? i don't understand.
what grown ass woman breaks a video game and lights shoes on fire?
marty... can you spell "g-e-o-r-g-e~~s-o-r-o-s?!?" that shitbag~.~is behind most of america's ills!!
[*correction*] "...that nazi shitbag~...."
ok t! she cheated on him (they're married) she was kicking him out and he refused, she was screaming and he kept saying get off of me
"if i call the cops and say you hit me, who are they going to believe?" i cant.. best believe i'm gonna snitch on her smh
what grown ass woman breaks a video game and lights shoes on fire?
why do people on these socials think this is cute?
you can't buy votes. anyway, he's not that rich. experts say good deal less than $1 billion.
they meant he'll win the court case because he's rich
hillary will keep our country steady and safe. she knows what needs to be done and how to do it.
and you sir are a perfect idiot! she is the worst sec of state ever! open your eyes!
why do people on these socials think this is cute?
if this is what y'all expect while in a relationship, don't even look this way, i don't have the time or a fuck to give
if this is what y'all expect while in a relationship, don't even look this way, i don't have the time or a fuck to give
is it really that deep?
3- ieds target marines in nj 29-injured in nyc 2-bombs 8-stabbed in st. cloud mn let's "investigate"
can anyone imagine how much better the world would be if this basket was dropped in the ocean?
just wanna thank for giving me my drinking wings idk where i would be without em
bumbaclot
i'm okay but sad thinking about the fact i'm gonna have a cast for 6 weeks
you can shuttle around campus tho
is it really that deep?
bro, i promise you, it's not that deep sis!
that's one of mine too weird scoring cuz the commish used to have to dig box scores out of the paper. still leans td dependant.
i only stay in for nostalgia. splintered off from a group of us that would meet every year in bangkok during thanksgiving week
i have to see my uncle master p in concert ...get him to new parish !
if my uncle master p perform imma cry
"garbage can explodes," will be headlines, same as in nice, france terrorist attack, "truck drives into crowd."
if trash cans are outlawed,,,,,?
i want to tell everyone around the world, loud and clear, that to people of all faiths &amp; backgrounds.
conviction?
are you still stranded
yeah lol , i'm calling a lyft im good , left my ride because some girl was gunna get smacked up by some guys.. it's goodtho
some girl was gunna get beat up by guys??
girls were talking hella shit and they were crips just trippin..
ahhh yes "and you guys will be together forever"
"you're gonna be puppy-love friends for now, officially start dating at 17, and get married when you're 22. this is the plan."
safety is our priority. our team will be sure to look into this. thanks for the heads up.
not cool. i had to sit there with strong fumes smell for 5 - 10mins
ah, right. well even if so, if the case is solid he will lose in the court of public opinion. and lose votes.
true, looks to be judgement by jury. but his lawyers will likely try to tie it up for as long as possible
good excuse to talk shit to the few pre college buddies i have.
where did you go to school?
u aren't a judge but you've allready assigned a crime to a group without any court order. is that fair?
what are you trying to get at? that gulen wasn't behind the failed coup? (i call it an attack)
im too high for this
i wish i was to high for this
when the hype starts dying -.-
nick come with me to my court in lathrop on wednesday
goldie hawn was the first celebrity i had on board. i've seen her a few times. she's very kind.
we had kate hudson on board and i had to tell my much older male fa who her mom was before she knew her
consider voting &amp; u will sleep easier in 2017. he will up security!
can you point me to a specific policy recommendation to that effect?
yes i do i just have rly bad memory and forget sometimes
only like 90% of the time
what are you trying to get at? that gulen wasn't behind the failed coup? (i call it an attack)
but seeing that you are a gulenist it would be useless to debate w/ you. and yes gulen did it
may sousei have mercy on my non-existent soul.
have fun in hell
send sleep that "wyd" text
i did even called ,.. a bishhhh is blocked
legendary??
you're more of a legend than babe ruth
shit then ill be stranded in lathrop
y'all ride back with my pops
show # 13: pumped to have another shot with this incredible company. ready to rock it!
you were great!!
huge iphone 7 giveaway! just retweet this tweet &amp; watch this video
love your videos man there are so funny yes of course to vin a iphone is still a dream for me, keep doing a good job
hit you with a major
nap always be looking out on the low lol
do contra costa next pls!
we really have no expertise there yet. :/ and don't know of any general yimby groups. -im
can't speak for but i will talk to him and the team about it
did fix the multiple thread problem?
does your local high school offer entrepreneurship? benefits students and your community!
.,. under liberal leadership(?) so~in a word~no! any possible benefits to the student, not welcome!
so many reasons i eased off looking for solutions at digital rights conferences a year ago
yuppp. toxic. i was told: "excited you're going to ccc. you can look for romance there." like, i wasn't there to learn. furious.
we're sorry to hear this. our team has checked on the plane and no problem was reported.
which flight number did you check and are you able to inform me why it smelled like gas after landing please?
god forbid she gets that 3am phone call. she'll sleep right through it. she doesn't have the stamina or judgment.
doesn't look healthy.
cnn: "authorities would not say what was in the pressure cooker." well, either explosives, or brisket.
live nypd footage diffusing the pressure cooker:
i am not a gulenist but i am interested to see credible evidence. what makes you so sure?
too many to explain in 140 ch. gulen has videos detailing his plans which i have tweeted a few
he will feed the narrative of bully us that isis points to for recruitment.
see her post, for starters.
nyc mayor on blast: we believe this was an intentional act |
obama, hillary, blasio will eventually allow an isis immigrant with the anthrax virus to destroy beautiful nyc
to give my fiend a ride so he can smash or to sleep?
why not both lol
i am not a good debater. but these idiot progs block me as soon i give a truthful answer. are their brains don't comprehend the easy stuff!
it's all part of the media bias in america today... media lives to "suck-hole" any lib~in or out, of office!!
yes, after doing research into this, looks like fixes almost pushed in:
ya it's not fixed yet but was split
haha l o l just starting my day w a 4am apple picking same old how bout you?????????????????????????????????????????????
i was waking up for work sooo it is possible to start your day then \_()_/
found some new fashion for
no joke i just got a facebook ad for this shirt a little while ago
have a nice sunday
thanks dear
ya it's not fixed yet but was split
once that's fixed then the only thing holding it back compared to others is developer experience
terminator has time traveling robots that still need human skin. you can't fake it. it's a miracle material. it's not just fleshy rubber.
wut about t-1000s?
fried chicken
was wrong wit dat
never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama.
robert gates had to become a hillary ass kisser to survive, he has no skills to voice his opinion.
i love all my fans thank you
i hope everyone knows that i'm kidding about this tweet
happy ! this nov let's elect , a president who will uphold our constitution
. except the 1st amendment which he already bashed.
house ohhhh hardcore!
bahahahaha!!!!! i just noticed that!! im keeping it now!
ndsu and und. heresay i know but it's what i did. now i love in st cloud very recently famous for its mall stabbing
north dakota. get in on that oil boom? damn, i saw that.
do you love your glads? how annoying are they to tie and untie?
they're amazing. i walked all over rome with no issues and no pain. zero slippage on the ties and easy to tie.
but the other guy is older.
she looks older than any of the other candidates.
yeah, i was unimpressed to realise we could've funded an aussie privacy advocate for a year on what one village *drank*
most have $$ to fund lots of others. redistribute that tech $$
wish i could rt this a billion times lol
for real like you a sucka if you do that 100%
taking a hammock nap before i try and accomplish anything tonight. bye
hammocks r too cozy. underrated
that's awesome. thanks, maureen.
roflmfao keri i wish we could go back in time &amp; become kids once more babe i love you, my beautiful sis
proud owner of two feet that have never set foot in a poughkeepsie bar
going to a strip club is the same shit
if only those two girls, alleged victim &amp; witness, go public. it would all be over. ultimate october surprise
let's see what happens, stay posted for updates
happy birthday!
thankyou!!!
love you mo &amp; ! ...!:) xo
i love you my naty!!&lt;3
police everywhere. streets all shut down. walking into my building now and calling it an early saturday night. so insane. night all!
so much crime has been commited here new york
wow obama said wd be "personal insult" if black people dont vote 4 hillary no right to vote ur choice ends democracy
how about the insults hurled at him in 2008 by hrc?
tonight at the beautiful
guest at the new in located in the best !!!
wow obama said wd be "personal insult" if black people dont vote 4 hillary no right to vote ur choice ends democracy
is she suddenly black now? kkk friend.
that's his daughter, ivanka, when she was 13, you sick pervert!!
the victim claims he liked her because she looked like his daughter &amp; they were the same age
retweeted alhaj nasiruddin (): good morning twitter world wish you a happy lovely awesome...
thanks dear friend
that's his daughter, ivanka, when she was 13, you sick pervert!!
here's a link to the federal court record
when you go scuba diving and an hour later realize both your phones are in your pocket....
uh oh . put it in a container in rice
do i want to start a carrisa's wierd cover band rn?
the answer to that ? is always yes. brb to join you, gonna go listen to ugly but honest &amp; cry
hanks for being another nazi ass.
wait... what?
tonight at the beautiful
hit that nightclub &amp; ... wish the ladies would've been there...they're always friendly.
i just partied like it's 1999! only wish i had a camera . its been awhile friends + + =
awesome! you live in new york or you just visiting?
hey who do you think wants next in football?
still waiting on bama, but i'll take louisville for now
i'm drunk af vanessa is getting bathed by ellie and i'm making quesadillas
lol oh god!
it shows dedication
fuck guess i'm not dedicated like other girls these days
get your rest...we just finished recording what will easily be the longest show ever.
love the ones on the end splashed where do i purchase ?
hi! so glad you like call 2138911180 monica at calvin rucker xxx
she already dead alright
i don't know what to believe anymore
yelp warns california lawsuit could scrub critical reviews
rating distribution 5 stars 1 4 stars 8 3 stars 12 2 stars 9 1 star 1 reviews useful 24 funny 11 cool 10
taken at 9pm while walking to dinner at eataly on 23rd &amp; 5th ave &amp; unbeknownst to what had...
be careful here in newyork
damn. that's too bad.. can you dm me?
how long is the exhibition video and is there sound?
have family coming to town? sf tourist attractions you can skip and where to go instead
here's some more advice:
remember how good music was from about 1994-2004????
yeah me too
"sucking toes is whatever"
wise words of devin douthit?
that picture is of his daughter. wouldn't the person, whom took the picture, be in trouble, also?
the picture is of him at the time the alleged assault took place. this is what he looked like.
eat my load!
nice....feeding your man your load...lucky guy!!
that picture is of his daughter. wouldn't the person, whom took the picture, be in trouble, also?
btw you're welcome for informing you about something the media has been hiding
breaking news - explosion in nyc is not foreign terrorism (according to the mayor)
the nyc mayor hates cops, all cops hate de blasio. isis immigrants, mass destruction, hillary ???
i'm so going down to the tramway museum in sydney when i get back there i didn't know they actually have their own tram lines
oh yeah. they have one of sf's trams down at the museum also.
how did she get the picture? i'm sure if she was a sex slave, the adults wouldn't share...not if they're raping her
here's the affidavit from the victim.
happy birthday
thankssss :))))
the presidential debates could be trump's big opportunity
trump is going to his campaign.
hello 's 130 followers - thank you so much for following! wishing you all a happy friday! (via
&amp; my sis much love to you enjoy your day
we are already having a gas shortage in areas of western nc. out of regular, still some premium gas left. no one seems worried.
good news 4 me, my audi only uses premium gas, to bad so sad, time to trade up.
i'm in mitsuru cosplay and doing jello body shots off bishies bodies. i'm sorry everyone
wish i coulda seen ;3;
how did she get the picture? i'm sure if she was a sex slave, the adults wouldn't share...not if they're raping her
the victim claims, they did in fact "share her" as you so eloquently put it. why don't you read through the thread.
he's waiting in the sky. he'd like to come and meet us, but he knows he'd blow our minds.
the stars look very different today
damn, i almost died tonight. i hate fresno
what happened? dms open
she looked like his daughter? why rape a stranger, then? this doesn't sound like the mind of a rapist
seriously, you're acting like i'm supposed to know the meaning of life or something. just read through the thread.
beautiful pic
thanks dear friend for the beautiful comments
wish i coulda seen ;3;
fun at 2070 haha
oh. see this why i'm happy i have mexican followers
they offered ggg a straight paycheck and not a % of the purse. and they wonder why he said no.
is "neat" your twitter name? your pen name? i mean, do you use it to give yourself, precedence? declare order?
i'm just sharing factual information that's public record. it's not my fault you're just now hearing about it.
does he fight the spiders from mars?
nah, he just takes things one day at a time
fun at 2070 haha
omg randomly coming into a room! im not cool enough tot
they might look good tho so i'd like it
lol wait what
is "neat" your twitter name? your pen name? i mean, do you use it to give yourself, precedence? declare order?
there's allegations of child rape &amp; a history of sexual assault.
how people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.- wayne dyer
beautiful and the total ! what evil you give out, comes back to you threefold (from the wiccan law of three)!!
augur featured in paper on prediction markets:
there's more on in our new book
affidavits are extremely biased...
ok you're just trying to find some sort of excuse or defense to justify child rape.
oh wow that's a costume? that is one cool costume.
it's not just a costume, it's also a map of the multiverse, also let's merge these threads-
hillary clinton says campaigning for president is "especially tricky for women"
she's dying
affidavits are extremely biased...
an affidavit is just what it is, a sworn written statement under oath to be presented as evidence at a court case.
anyone wondering why nothing ever changes?
yes if every indian consider this mirror as corruption
there's 500 of them here i'm pretty sure i haven't visited them all
i just rarely ride these trams.
is most important to 64% of likely voters via ; trump has 7 pt lead in economy
trump is a financial genius, hillary is unqualified to work at mcdonald's. obama and hillary, two peas.
flood warning cancelled for allegany and cattaraugus counties! dry for the rest of the am but more on the way this pm more on
good morning kaylee!! just checked my rain gauge up on the hill here in sheridan and we got 2" of rain here.
the warriors faced off against okc once though in the playoffs when durant was a member of the thunder
shhhhh. you know sports fans and media only care about the facts of a situation years after.
venturing berkeley made me realize that i should try to do the entire bay area...
sf, oak, berkeley, san mateo, daly city, and san jose is all you really need.
meaning of life would present that once a human goes through puberty, they're in control of their genitalia.
ok, that's absolutely disgusting not to mention its against the law. i'm done here.
my grandma unexpectedly passed away yesterday morning. i still haven't completely wrapped my head around it but my heart literally aches.
i'm so sorry to hear that.
. is a leader at a time when we are in desperate need of bold leaders.
you &amp; zephyr potus &amp; vp, better than what's running now, omg help usa.
got me all sad nshit lol
youtube is usually more helpful than that
hello 's 35954 followers - please go &amp; register @ for prizes,free nfl tix
why u up so early
no you shouldn't have there was a bomb attack
lol so. maybe i woulda got caught up in it... niggas wouldn't have missed me
be my friend pls? hihihi
sure! why not hahah
no u learn english u deplorable, since u didn't know the meaning of exposed. no wonder u are a deplorable
how have i been exposed?
one-sided. you're exploiting the one-sided argument. do you know the definition of an argument? one fact...
are you dense? this isn't an argument, there's literally nothing to argue. this is not the trial, i just said there is one
doval &amp; rajnath should have used intelligence machinery against pakistan more and its opposition parties less.
its time for rajnath to resign
disgusting...? you're the one running around, with rape documents, telling anyone that will listen.
please get help.
sunday massage
hey kari! morning
this is ! look at her. she's completely drugggggged.
this woman has got such gall listen to what comes out her hypocritical mouth she does look stoned !
trump is the first person i'm aware of not to have enormous respect for robert gates and his 40 yrs of public service to this nation.
respect? when you mock the doofus hair it becomes obvious that person is a "pathetic loser". makes sense. right?
there's 500 of them here i'm pretty sure i haven't visited them all
but in total there's 190 trams in service currently &amp; i've ridden about 186 of them so far. and many of them multiple times
ict interplanetary colonial transport seems the most accurate
it has to go to planets to be useful? how about stations, moons, &amp; asteroids? wbmct &amp; final version seem btr.
they made a threes clone as a mini-game in psycho pass...
this is your moment
you sure you're the right man for the job in when you're rude to people trying to make a difference?
you're right. those little angels need to be hugged and coddled. i look forward to larrys startup nursery podcast.
there's 500 of them here i'm pretty sure i haven't visited them all
throughout my time riding all the tram lines here for the past 14+ years.
look at her! she looks drugged up and absolutely wiped out!
looks like she is about to fall over. heavily medicated.
new york, ny 21.0c | 69.8f humidity: 85% clear
source: "sandy hook_026" by bfaling on flickr
a soberin' thought: trump's missiles would have already struck their targets before officials even determined cause of .
trump "they would nit dare hit nyc. 9/11 would not have happened because, well, i was there."
come to cortland
i wish i could have i just went to sleep instead of going out
no sleep so screw it i'm going to waffle house
waffle house, i got the song for you (sorry, it's country)
deblasio the man who wanted to do away w the ny terrorism task force just asked citizens for phone video of anything suspicious
is there a bigger jackass?
when ppl use kyon in dramatic romance crossover amvs
omg that's my aesthetic tho
if trump knows it was a "bomb," maybe it's b/c he knows his people have begun a string of planned attacks to terrorize voters
just like he "knew" mh370 was a terrorist attack before the debris even hit the water.
hillary is dying. i'm starting to feel bad torching her on twitter.
. 1. that's partly strategy, partly bad choices. 2. if she hurts herself, she will hurt the country. that's all i see.
met a girl from germany here at a party in la marina district in sf, she took me to the rooftop where we talked for hour and half. took her
home then we walked to get some sandwiches walked to her apartment we ate and i was gonna leave she came to walk me and got in my car and
- at least 29 injured - second device found - "intentional" act but no evidence of terror link live:
what the fuck ..
hei cindy! . huomenta!
luv it when u talk finnish 2 me!
pretending i'm not bitter about going to slander tonight
i saw for free tonight
dem senator to trump: "blood will be on your hands" if clinton is killed
killed by parkinson's?
this season of american horror story seems really ... odd ...
everyone has said the same thing.
have you noticed that is a public critic of putin &amp; very much alive?
too bad your never figured out how to use those condoms?
home then we walked to get some sandwiches walked to her apartment we ate and i was gonna leave she came to walk me and got in my car and
we talked more as i smoked a bowl and she played music for me and talked to me about germany &amp; some of her fears &amp; other stuff. lol love it
the cozy lunch at arizona state university.
. i'm glad i don't go to any ghettos, like universities.
the please don't she's way too bad today after 2 drinks she's def done
yeah that's what im saying too ha. dang!!!! all bad
clearly you have watched too many 80s movies .. and i mean that in the best possible way!! this is perfect!
i hope u take his words 2 heart ally. i can see how important it is 2 him that u realize how special u are!! :-)
hey what did you do to make the mayor's mute list?
because i like to comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable.
the please don't she's way too bad today after 2 drinks she's def done
hasn't even be 24hrs and done!!!
new york explosion that injured 29 was 'intentional act,' mayor says
u go cnn, it's what you're good for, otherwise cnn useless.
but it does the whole marvel thing at the intro
the ip is licensed by fox, just as the xmen films are - a deal that predates marvel's sale to disney - so fox owns distribution.
"i see a mosquito, right now, i don't like mosquitoes too much," trump said tonight. is this a zika reference?
i would not think so ali as he said the same thing on july 6th. but on the subject of zika, trump would get congress to pass zika
hey what did you do to make the mayor's mute list?
also, i think is still mad i wrote about his wife cheating in a cake-baking contest.
on my way to srinagar.
youndont need to announce it to us! decisive and deterrant actions taken will let us know that you been there done that!
but it does the whole marvel thing at the intro
disney has avengers, sony has fantastic 4 and spider-man ... due to flops, sony is now working w/ disney on next film
exploding the other devices i assume?
i have no idea what those loud bangs were this morning but hoping they were nothing of significance
ihate this omfggfg
what abomination just assaulted my eyes
i cant get over the guy... he was such a gentleman, great dancer, and cute lol
can you stop sub tweeting me?
dear , deselecting "extra" names when replying drives me crazy. please make it easier or don't select them in the first place.
amen. this.
i don't understand how the news can be reporting "no evidence of terror". they found a pressure cooker bomb...?
cuz the media are not police. they need to wait until the police say it is officially an attack.
cpv will use at least 360,000 gallons per a day of water!
that is another scary number. stop the madness.
$rare effect of krn23,a fully human anti-fgf23, in children withxlh,40-week interim results
that's some nice data, great p-values. hopefully, the final report is consistent w/this interim set. good $rare!
there is a video " detailing" that bush and rothschild family was behind 9/11.
yes i'm sure it was from bush's mouth describing his plans of infiltrating +
everything you love about your mini, amplified with pure power. discover the mini :
under powered, 2.1 engine better bet, 1.6 t gas guzzler anyway, mini setting on it's hands.
yes i'm sure it was from bush's mouth describing his plans of infiltrating +
into every organization of the govt.
"we must establish beyond any doubt the equality of man." -- wendell willkie republican nominee for president 1940
wasn't so bigoted then, until the southern dems jumped ship in the mid sixties
be prepared to get insulted.
let's pray he is insulted.
but it does the whole marvel thing at the intro
as a fan, you want to enjoy it everywhere of course - hopefully fox does that. or, buy on -apps on most streaming devices.
true. but too soap opera-like for lol jax is gone dear. shall i get dr. phil to help u thru this? lmbo
i don't think dr.phil can help still makes me cry
into every organization of the govt.
you ppl are so heinous and disgusting i have no words for you
i'm so angry right now. we are under another "terrorist" attack. media is trying to spin their narrative. you want truth is on it
yes our mayor came out and said its intentional. good job. why can't libs say terrorism? pc bombs.
your daily dose of republicans caving. via
stand-4-nothing rino leads est's fignt to protect obama's criminal irs chief
he was invincible. died of a broken heart after his wife died in birth
that's incredible happy to hear he survived
actually, it seems that marvis music player looks to be a better alternative, also syncs back to itunes fine.
awesome, will check it out... thanks!
hillary clinton takes aim at voters drifting toward third party candidates
that won't help her.
coming later this year by &amp; intriguing!
thank you for sharing. wait till you hold it in your hands!
16) part of your world - broadwaycon (this was too funny to not include omg)
omg that was amazing
i'm shocked the bill in private is a good friend of hers.want to be a fly on the wall when they get together..
i figured they'd be friends. she's very, very good at what she does.
because it upsets the narrative
how about the marine corps explosion in new jersey? new jersey doesn't count at all?
have you tried this?
no, not yet. will try! :)
ohhh i forgot to add there is video "very detailing" is behind 7/7.
here is more
props to everyone who worked tonight at the event in san jose. we'll be discussing it on our next episode.
can't wait to listen. please share when it's available!
ellie's face in this is great.
haha! it's the mummy and daddy are fighting again face.
you niggas love confessing that y'all would be gay for money...hypothetical money at that.
lmao i said the same shit before
every women loves getting flowers! this made my day! thank you muffin!!
are you off the market now because you got these flowers jisel ?
three of the most unique and talented pro wrestlers you'll find!
three of the best! let us know when the podcast is up!
good to know. thanks paul.
its the only typeface that monotype made from all the material they bought from the caslon sale in the 1937/8
y'all? it was one person, chill lol rt : jamaican niggas some damn fruit cakes why you calling another nigga daddy tf y'all on
lmao i would not try to come for jamaicans bruh they wild
is internal indian job to divert attention from the genocide of kashmiris by indian army, india is known 4 engineering such plots
nice to hear journalists speak like politicians
at least eight injured in shopping mall stabbing rampage by knifeman 'referencing allah'. .
american voters are supporting liberal politicians that are not terrorist knowledgeable. isis is mass destruction.
ohhh i forgot to add there is video "very detailing" is behind 7/7.
there is a vid of gulen saying i hv planed for coup since forever
hmmmm. look bush admits explosives used. whos heinous and disgusting now.
those should be enough for you for now. i suggest you find yourself someone at your capacity
very lively version of this classic tune.
thank you. those are two top musicians!
&amp; my makeup test for this earlier
and how it ended up at 4am
that shit is annoying
i feel it, ppl act like a whole different person behind a phone screen across the country but if y'all was face to face lol
you can be sarcastic, sure; but no-ones ever excempt from being spoken to politely. see &gt; :)
if i'm the worst these guys get they're lucky. good that you blew your one tc interaction on this exchange.
new kipper lady likes putin, churchill and mrs thatcher. is it nigel in a frock, i wonder?
doubtful; less of a temper, might be able to appeal more to moderates unless she keeps says dumb comments like support of putin.
obama: it will be a "personal insult" if black community doesn't turn out for clinton
just. wow. obama can't give blacks positive, substantive reasons to turn out for clinton, so he threatens them!
who made morning so early i want answers.
this cat's expression summarizes me when awake in the ultra-early morning on a weekend 100% so we've been bonding.
i turn on cnn to see about bombs in syria, a bomb just went off in nyc - they're showing our president campaigning. disgraceful.
and they don't even mention the marine corps bomb in new jersey!
uhm you're slacking! where the f you at. you got us doing ur job pre-cleaning
that's why i don't go up there on weekends. am just heading into the park now.
our thoughts &amp; prayers for the , &amp; officers shot in the line of duty last night. thanks for your service.
how about minnesota, new jersey and new york now?
omg!!!! can't u think? ask trump ok
how much is hillary paying you to be here?
fantastic. good to know you're settling in well. hope you're adjusting on the time zones as well.
i was able to stay awake whole first day, which i think is painful, but thanks, habib!
i just woke up at 6am super happy... what's wrong with me?
lol fuck that over thought myself into being sad
still can't believe i saw bey in concerti'm so happy
lol i literally bought my ticket an hour before it started. one of the best decisions of my life
2 weeks from season's end, 5 al ps have 200 ip(price,sale,verlander,kjluber,porcello), 3 in nl:scherzer,cueto,bumgarner)
and yet, 200 ip was something wakefield used to do year in and year out. consistency is a wonderful thing.
doctors discover foetus of twin inside boy during surgery to remove 'tumour'
another parasitic twin, always scary and bizarre
why does the united states give so much money to ? - the atlantic
this story includes a cliche i avoid, "at the end of the day." other cliches i dislike: "it is what it is", "leaving money on the table."
this story includes a cliche i avoid, "at the end of the day." other cliches i dislike: "it is what it is", "leaving money on the table."
twitter provides a great opportunity with every tweet to ask yourself if phrase are pulling their weight in semantic meaning.
this story includes a cliche i avoid, "at the end of the day." other cliches i dislike: "it is what it is", "leaving money on the table."
twitter provides a great opportunity with every tweet to ask yourself if phrases are pulling their weight in semantic meaning.
it is merely a culinary incident
it won't be me, but i can't wait to elect someone mayor. i feel so unaffected by his presence.
what appears to be a pressure cooker with wires found blocks from explosion site
has this photo been authenticated as the device found on west 27th street?
twitter provides a great opportunity with every tweet to ask yourself if phrases are pulling their weight in semantic meaning.
...or if phrases and sentences are being expended in order to divert attention away from a lack of justification for whatever's being argued.
drugged up hillary unfit to serve!
it was so apparent! her voice was not as annoying
you don't - you've been thinking about it, you've been trying to drink and smoke and suppress...
not me i quit smoking a year ago .ive learned to handle my problems in a positive way.good morning tyrese have a great day
whoever tweets me the funniest red sox related photo gets this bill mueller autographed baseball.
what about these two? close up provides context of how challenging it was to sit behind him
with a opening lie:
trump is a fucking buffoon!!!!!!!!
this wonderful salesperson said its still selling very well! wakeupamerica
kinda like holding someone who's patting you on the back. have to ask george stephanopoulos if he approves.
that's basically what happens whenever an organization demands that an "outsider" rely on empathy to frame their messaging
very interesting. agreed on most points, other than it being an absolute prerequisite - it's an important building block.
whoever tweets me the funniest red sox related photo gets this bill mueller autographed baseball.
just think how psyched you'd be to have 3rd row behind home plate and then that guy is there with his hair
that's basically what happens whenever an organization demands that an "outsider" rely on empathy to frame their messaging
being explicit over implicit builds context over time, and spending (a little) time on thinking about the other party helps.
no offence twitter but u have terrible taste in tv
box set of 24 seasons 1-8 plus the tv movie is all you need actually
what's the most embarrassing/devastating bug you created that ended up in production?
i accidentally replaced 1-2 million users auth tokens with push tokens. luckily the server team worked around my idiocy.
and the statement tonight continues lie on who started movement
trumps a fucking lying buffoon-his wife stole a speech, his kids r now lying!
a coworker recently asked me what ruby was for (because we don't use it at work). what arcane task are you compiling for?
in this case, nontrivial changes to a static website generated by jekyll, hoping to save on a ci loop.
how to be free?
aloha mahalo for the rt and thanks to for the sticker found on the streets of brooklyn!
a coworker recently asked me what ruby was for (because we don't use it at work). what arcane task are you compiling for?
turns out it take &gt; 60 seconds to reflect any change i make so ci would've been no slower anyway.
that's basically what happens whenever an organization demands that an "outsider" rely on empathy to frame their messaging
i can appreciate misplaced empathy messages - shows at least an attempt, and can further the discussion vs assuming context
manhattan: new video shows moments before the explosion that went off at west 23 st 7th ave.
brings back too many bad memories of 9/11 and you cannot just escape that horrible day even by watching this.
i know its just week 3 but i'm going to be so annoyed if clemson jumps ohio state in the rankings.
you were right there for a tigger/clemson "gonna bounce" over ohio state tweet and you missed it. for shame.
jeremiah 29:13 and ye shall seek me, and find me, when ye shall search for me with {all your heart.} turning 2 god from idols. repentance
he shall call upon me, and i will answer him; i will be with him in trouble; i will deliver him+honor him ps.91:15
weekend : crushing ,
i refuse to watch anything racist scumbag clint eastwood does.
last night, i debated about boundary changes on . you can watch the interview from 4:03.
very reasoned points, mark. shame all wanted to do was talk about the lords, which her party refused to reform.
hillary clinton wants millions of muslims in us...look at what they have done to europe.. bomb blast
don't forget which the bought and paid for is not reporting.
same reason they won: looked lucky
at this point in season i'll take whatever good luck or dumb luck is available
that is one of the most ridiculous lie started by trump. it is not true.
trump seems to just lie and say falsehoods hoping 1or 2 might stick!?
the blind supporting the blind, consider yourself insulted ass face
how ridiculous a remark that is! a potus getting insulted if blacks don't vote for clinton.proves they only care about vote.
watching online? or in the pub with a pint of brooklyn's finest?
a touch early plus the jetlag bottled at home. tough game
where do you think the rest of the cash went? - "just 5.7 percent of clinton foundation budget actually went to charitable grants!"
the hoarder hillary..cash is her only god...
gm, all. well trump w his indefatigable insight called a bomb a bomb. it took hillary hours to decide. sample of what we might expect.
(2) she has no gut instincts or ability to assess. a pipe bomb explodes in nj then one in ny. what is it? firecrackers?
persona 5 is pretty great. it's too bad they locked out all the share features, even trophy screenshots.
it's actually kind of ridiculous. i wonder if they'll patch it in when it comes out in the rest of the world
deblasio: no evidence it nyc blast was a terrorist incident - oh, but it was "an intentional act." translation: terrorists have struck again
who allowed all the un vetted in this country???
a lot of donald trump jr.'s trail missteps seem to involve white nationalists and nazis
american psycho
tom! thank you for enlightening me.
i heard the chickens at perdue sleep with one eye open!
. gives his final remarks to as president.
can't be more definitive, honor my legacy and for
so pressure cooker bombs aren't "terrorism," they're just intentional...uh, "thingamajigs!"
who allowed all the un vetted i to america???
yes!! sun. 2pm lori richmond presents her deeeelightful new book a hop is up. location:
aww thanks pat!
obama admin-funded campaign to unseat israeli pm under investigation...
that would be an outrage, our only ally in the middle east and our ill advised potus tries to unseat him.
be a good listener. your ears will never get you in trouble. - frank tyger
gossips should take heed to that quote!
ncy mayor bill de blasio's statement about explosion.
he's an idiot !
is it even possible to intentionally detonate a bomb in a heavy-traffic civilian area without engaging in terrorism?
it isn't terrorism if the perp is white. you know that.
trust beats empathy every time.
where does trust come from?
hh from freezing cold aberdeen enjoy
cheers lisa stay warm
nyc is now on a kind of lockdown across all boroughs but according to city and - it's not terrorism.
yeah i caught an early f to brooklyn and am walking everywhere today just to be safe
we are quick to embrace new tech
its more that the others are underrepresented!
we're with you, and you're with us. we are bigger than bigotry, louder for love.
there's a phrase for people like you milo, "unhinged"
"and i will dwell in the house of the lord for ever." there is no place like home.
surely goodness+lovingkindn.will follow me all the days of my life +i will dwell in the house of the lord forever
its not hard to figure out. they just don't want to state the obvious. 3 bombs in one day and at least 1 was pressure cooker. easy
don't forget under reporting of caused by support helps undermine usa
cucumbers are underrated. they're a good source of vitamin k, potassium, phosphorus, copper and manganese. follow us for more health tips!
love cucumbers! always have!
strongly condemn the islamist attack in district of . terror does have a specific religion &amp; everybody knows that too.
violence in disputed territory by population or locally-supported militants against military targets is a different context
ayers blew up a house down there once. the "weathermen." blew themselves up.
they nearly blew up dustin hoffman, too.
ah! babe, you're in ny? you didn't tell babes you have left us oh
haha. only for a bit dear
strongly condemn the islamist attack in district of . terror does have a specific religion &amp; everybody knows that too.
violence in mainland or conducted by cross border infiltrated militants in mainland or disputed territory is terrorism
just watched and wow, goosebumps the whole time. what an amazing journey, consider us fans, ladies!!!!
make sure coach doug rowe see's it. i know he's retired but the love is 4e
wolf 359 (site of borg battle and 3rd closest star system) is only 9% the sun's mass and 1.5x jupiter's diameter.
wait, what?
iphone 7 outlasts galaxy s7 in 35-feet of water, gets dropped from a helicopter [video]
cuz i always take my iphone 35 under n drop it out of my private chopper. what's next? iphone x...navy seal edition?
are you still in ny? nowhere near the explosion i hope.
no mate, arrived back in uk yesterday from chicago. left ny for pittsburgh on thursday, but looks awful. thanks for asking.
i want straight a's in spm and iphone 7
you can win an iphone 7 here so u dont have to buy it
how did you get into my house
the window.
if i thought i had a chance, i totally would haha
. hey 2 winners in ny won w/ $20 &amp; $40 donations. worst thing u get an email from
can i tell you my wife has really become a fantastic cook since we wed?! from scratch...
i just sent this to my husband yesterday.. :)
i want and iphone 7 so bad
win one here u will get it when it gets released
not only that, but if you want to hurt people, why in the name of god would you do it there?
who hates blind people?
all i want for christmas is a plane ticket home to see my familia, and iphone 7 and a mac lol that's it.
win an iphone 7 for free and get it when it has been released it will get delivered to you
i already know i want to apply and be a police officer at sjpd. i will be applying. it would be an honor to serve.
i will be attending the sjpd recruitment seminar. i hope to see you there!
just shown my flatmate how my socks drawer is ordered by colour, pattern and occasion. she's backed out of my room, slowly and silently.
not quite as bad as having your underwear drawer organized by style and brand.
. hey 2 winners in ny won w/ $20 &amp; $40 donations. worst thing u get an email from
...anddddd entering. thank you!! have a great day, too. sorry you have to be up so early!
hey, big spender! donald faces pressure on debt, deficit - the wall street journal.
imho, we can't afford to elect another fiscally irresponsible tax-and-spend democrat like donald trump to raise our national deficit.
pregnant olivia wilde goes off on nyc subway riders who won't give up their seat for her (via )
did she really expect anything else from new yawkaz?
i want and iphone 7 plus and the color will be black
hey mate win one here it will get delivered to you when the phone gets released
what is a book but several thousand words to say give me money, you asshole
*opens book* *only three words* *buy my book* "...dammit sam." *buys books*
registered for a class at nomad in the am. will you let us know if studio is closed? hope everyone is ok.
as of now both studios will remain open as scheduled. our thoughts are with the injured. be safe and happy running
til that pocket does a pretty shitty job of sharing links to twitter. (uses its own redirect so no inline preview; pointless interstitial.)
that's one of the big reasons i switched back to instapaper
hey that explosion is nowhere near you, right?????
yes i'm fine, very scary
's sleepy response to the attack in
don't criticize hrc, 8pm is already after bedtime for ailing seniors.
imho, we can't afford to elect another fiscally irresponsible tax-and-spend democrat like donald trump to raise our national deficit.
we need a responsible fiscally-conservative president like hillary clinton to raise revenues from the ultra-rich to pay for needed spending.
what's this shit, now
yet another way to keep people busy talking about nothing and distracted from the real issues
damn it! i'm ashamed at how much i want an ipad pro, apple pencil, and iphone 7.... look what they did! i fell in!
you dont have to buy the phone here is a chance to win one click here it will get delivered to you
i want to order 2 iphone 7pluse and iphone 7 and airpods for a sheik of qatar help needed
or you can just enter a contest to win one when it gets released click here
we need a responsible fiscally-conservative president like hillary clinton to raise revenues from the ultra-rich to pay for needed spending.
i like the idea of calling djt a tax-and-spend liberal, although the better insult from the gwb years is that his plan is tax cut and spend.
i want a sweet tea and sour skittles and iphone 7
girl win one here u will get it when the phone is released
i like the idea of calling djt a tax-and-spend liberal, although the better insult from the gwb years is that his plan is tax cut and spend.
which is even that much stupider.
i don't need the apple watch2 or iphone 7 but i want the apple watch 2 and iphone 7
win one here you will get it when they finally release the damn phone
i know i gave if you're reading this it's too late a 7.9 when it dropped but a year and a half on it's probably more like a 8.4-8.6
it's peakier than take care (personal fave drake release) or nwts but less so than views
tired &amp; bored of everything.
take heart, sexy man. this too shall pass. you're young and gorgeous, enjoy life!
afaik, this was like 2-3 days back, and this is certainly not the right occasion, wrong timing on all counts.
not sure is tweeting this! must be some insensitive dolt from sm team! !?
which is even that much stupider.
there's nothing inherently bad about "tax and spend", but it was the go-to insult for republicans until bill clinton balanced the budget.
yooo i just watched the entire apple keynote presentation about the updates and iphone 7 .... this new iphone looks dope i want it
girl dont waste ur money its the same this just looks different just enter this to win one
it's peakier than take care (personal fave drake release) or nwts but less so than views
hashtag 4am in malibu reviews of my reviews
felt like it was trying too hard in every scene. not sure i'll stick with it :/
did you ever watch the web series?
is everything okay where you are, greg? i just heard about the blast on the news :(
yes, we refuse to get scared. it was a bad night, somehow expected (un large meeting is on this week). the new normal sucks.
playstation release and iphone 7. why im about to go on holiday and i want to move. stoppppp
win here and you wont have to spend that moni
there's nothing inherently bad about "tax and spend", but it was the go-to insult for republicans until bill clinton balanced the budget.
"taxing and spending" is basically what the government does. it's a pretty good tl;dr, even if we've moved from tariffs to income taxes.
i've already entered it but i dont think i'll win something since i only gave 10$
. dream big! you must always have hope.
and those are just his good points! :)
trump serves as a reminder as to what happens when money and the power to influence others falls info the wrong hands'
dear all agents in , i dislike all of you. that is all.
sorry you feel that way but not all the same
and iphone 7 is water-resistant, has stereo sound and a better camera but it doesn't have that one feature that i want: affordability
i wouldnt waste money on it if i was you just win one here add your email and fill in the questions
i had a dream i met kanye west, ever had a dream about a celebrity?
dreamed i played at old trafford so many times
when you get the last slice at joe's, the one true new york slice place
joe's west village &gt; joe's 14th street
just a little confused as to why didn't go to the cream cheese festival today!?
lmao i used to go every year, i used to work that thing...we should've entered the feed your friends face contest lmao
im entering this week
. good luck!
so im in the market for a new phone... and iphone 7 is out on my birthday.. and im not sure if i want an iphone. but seems destiny xd
dont buy it it be a waste of your money instead win one here it will get delivered to you when it released
totally. it's defo our hood!
yikes! what a world we live in
is there any way for you to get that extra $100 to make your flex snead? he's way too cheap on dk
i could go snead/kerley/raiders d over $5700 flex/fuller/pats d...or drop from cam to eli and keep pats d over oak.
awesome! bet it'll make great salsa and whatever else you use them in
sadly, i can't tolerate them, but we do make salsa.
iphone 7 and iphone 7+ look fantastic. now to decide what i want
win and iphone 7 here so you dont have to buy it lol its a waste of money imo
i heard yesterday the wh will not release info on refugees until after the election .. no telling how many are here
lol u were expecting transparency from "the most transparent administration"? bahaha that's a good one, jae.
goodness, do you ever sleep?
yes, currently from 4-5ish to noon-1ish
all i want for my 21st is the all red nmd and iphone 7
you can win one here dont waste your money buying it its nothing new at all
pressure builds diamonds &amp; diamonds always survive
you definitely should have a spot in the 4 horsewomen to make it 5.
ok, attempt number two, sf and , here we come again. hope this time we'll take off!
safe travels, see you on the other side!
inspiring: the first thing new yorkers did after the explosion in chelsea was call loved ones to say "actually, 23rd and 6th isnt chelsea"
that's so ny. i hate watching the news when a neighborhood is improperly identified or a street name is mispronounced.
exactly as we felt after the london bombings on 7/7. be safe though.
i was there. i think i really learned it then. we need to flood our conversations with great and happy things and push this down
how should you deal with customer complaints? via
thanks for sharing claire, appreciate it!
is it open to canadians?
. i know that if you win, will bring you from there. not sure how money and visa works.
hi annie! i'm safe. thanks for your concern! i was in nyc last night but not in that area.
whoa just seeing this! yep i'm ok too - this is crazy!
a year ago i was at brattle books in boston
plz come back. i'll feed you.
just finished season 6 finale. daenerys. tyrion. jon snow. sansa. arya. lady mormont. amazing! how long until season 7?!
i am very impressed! sadly, now you're in the same boat as the rest of us: waiting.......
why the shift?
staying up late playing the witcher 3 with heather
great job u do mary! thank u. feels like summer out there. dewpoints 25 degrees higher than yestetday
thank you! wow, that's muggy!
that's so ny. i hate watching the news when a neighborhood is improperly identified or a street name is mispronounced.
among the worst offenses? mispronouncing brooklyn's throop &amp; schenck avenues.
you are our only hope mr.trump!!
absolutley love this &amp; you correct donald trump is our only hope !!lets take america back
ny mayor under fire for saying 'no evidence of terror connection'
now we can see how dumb democrats are. they would rather play the pc game thenmove to protect the citizens accordingly.
msm still propping up ; blames her health issues on 'labor-intensive fundraising'
yeah grabbing up all that at bill's birthday bribe- i mean bash friday wore her out
that's all you
lawgg!! have mercy .
hey! you okay? all members in one piece?
all members accounted for. even the old grump /
happy birthday miss and love you twin xoxoxox
thank you twin, love and miss you too !!
is that an authorized place for him to be flying his drone? your poor doggie.
don't know but he was a really nice guy &amp; unlike the other dude he could actually fly the thing. it's the sound the dogs hate.
i don't play the game so i have no idea how dual type works, but i love how it looks
you apply weakness and resistance left to right.
proud to emcee the gala awarding .
and you were
i hadn't realized how close you are to seaside park
are there a few times per week at least, and we go through it for clamming and island beach state park runs.
happy birthday!!
thankyouuu bb
my fear is that all the sox, nats, cubs, and orioles fans will be crying when the texas rangers bring home another pennant.
hahaha! in the words of jpii: do not be afraid!
"it hurts my feelings that my friends think my protest vote helped cause this apocalypse" --rejected millennial freelance pitch, march 2017
2 responses i'm getting:"my vote is important &amp; it's all mine, don't tell me what to do!" &amp; "don't blame me, my vote has no effect!" uh, ok.
hillary clinton almost faints again during press conference re ny bombing
heavily medicated...no way around it...
tweeps: do you want to make playoffs when team likely won't win it all?
i thought they wouldn't make it in '10. i actually think they can turn it around. in kh speak, just have to get in...
i'd love to donate but i live literally on the other side of the planet, can i join? do i have a chance?
. where is the other side of the planet. china?
yankees had a nice run but back to reality. our team is just flat out better
i would've preferred you hadn't tweeted that before today's game. haven't used a broom in a long time!
that movie ringside on tv1 was stupid af smh.
i watched it too and felt the same. not sure what the intention was.
screw 3am: hillary doesn't have enough strength or stamina to respond to even an 8 pm attack.
looks drunk or drugged unable to lead!
hillary clinton, on her campaign plane, responds to explosion in nyc
seriously, i will never believe a word out of your mouth, you dont care about us, when u want 500% more refugees
sunday morning, rain is falling.
oooo yeahhhhh
legit just made my 8-year-old son watch the masterpiece that is debruyne's assist on gundogan's goal about 30 times.
he was a lot of fun to watch yesterday. with or without the ball.
2 responses i'm getting:"my vote is important &amp; it's all mine, don't tell me what to do!" &amp; "don't blame me, my vote has no effect!" uh, ok.
also a lot of "if you and all the other olds would just die, things will be better." yeah, that'll fix the "system." also, "olds"? in 2016?
but the bible or mentioning god or christ may get you suspended or arrested!
please god, we need trump/pence 2016!
jesus said sell your clothes and buy a sword. jesus was majorly pro
nice door slam deplorable!!
. says debates are "important moment" in 2016 race: they "reinforce voters ideas of each candidate."
the debates will serve no purpose this year as they will turn into shouts. especially without
man when will y'all realize the %'s of bad run-in's with police are so so small
lives are changed 4ever due to these "bad run-ins". unacceptable
are they worth the hassle for larger sites? i pondered moving my blog over, but gave up &amp; just added a few posts
the site in question was so in that sort of case, yes.
is that a smartcar or piece?
definitely lego.
didnt make my point well: it's possible to remain true to your beliefs without damaging your brand.
wait. is it possible to have a sense of humor without damaging your brand?
still getting anniversary presents - funky socks &amp; new votevote tshirt.
. you see poster behind? my town in puerto rico is vega alta, hence i'm
&lt;heather stunlocks a bandit more than double her level for like 2 full minutes, finally winning&gt; h: he had a chicken leg, totally worth it!
omfg it turns out she was accidentally using a rusty sword for this. 4-6 damage instead of 58-72.
under democratic leadershipintentional bombing is not terror risking national security is careless &amp; reckless, but legal
terror is terror whether it be from a local gang or isis. what difference does it make? its our obligation to nip this in the bud
if you insist... i think you're just embarrassed about it.
why would i be embarrassed?i judge people by the content of their character...u dont no me yet called me a racist
hmm, the most dishonest candidate in modern history vs a renowned nyt columnist. i'll go w .stay classy!
drink that liberal koolaid!
thank you, sir. worst thing is: helping a great cause. not about winning. it's about selflessness.
i donated last time too, so you're right-i must only be concerned with winning. i've seen hamilton. it needs to be shared!
you prove to the american people every day that we are right. msm is not to be trusted. why don't you do your fucking job.
cnn pissed off that scooped them then tries to make a big deal of it.
obama and hillary funded and armed isis.
and they want to bring them here ! how do you feel about your safety, illegals, refugees? say no hc
mayor de blasio "the bomb was not terrorism, it was intentional but only to strike fear, not terror, so therefore not terror"
"double talk" from "double dumb"!
rt "where but in fiction can a daughter fight with her mother and win? - nancy baker"
i would really really love to know!
it's almost time to go racing in singapore. tweet your seat. where are you watching today?
rochester, ny !
embarassed won't begin to describe my feelings if trump wins. it'll be some toxic combination of mortified, scared, dismayed, and appalled.
i will seriously consider leaving the country to join the rational part of our world.
so here's the answer to the question where to check for font names: thanks &amp;
glad to share a link, but all the hard work goes to
watching their bucket filling video then reflecting about their actions on
beautiful beginnings
absolutely brilliant feud between these two. the story told is something you just don't see nowadays.
i remember that when randy orton chained triple h 2 the ring turnbuckles and he had stephanie knocked out on the ground kissing her
history eventually sides with those who help refugees, not with those who vilify them
thank you for sharing this picture
wake up little man , you have just shot yourself in the foot lol thank you
right, because no one can see the hadith. nice try lying imam.
hi moaz,to receive international overseas transfers you need bank 12 digits account number, branch address...^ai(1/2)
what is the main address for transactions? and if there is not a main one, what is the shooting club branch address?
me time is the best time! were you at least able to clear your head a bit?
yes! how about you?
i haven't heard from anyone (and i mean anyone) else that liked it yet. i don't know what's wrong with me.
you're very ill. want me to call the doctor
to be judged by the holy prophet but demanded to be given judgement base upon the torah ! which is death by treason
keep trying to justify mohammad's hatred for jews.
winona ryder, claire danes and kirsten dunst on the set of little women.
that is samantha mathis, kirsten dunst was a literal baby in that movie. like, ten years old.
yes ! read who fought !!!!!! against muslims , who broke a treaty , who committed treason , who refused be judged
islam should be fought. it is a plague upon humanity.
that mets win was even more important when you consider the result out west. tied for the first wild card spot now
it will take 10 years for me to figure this mets team and season out.
yes ! read who fought !!!!!! against muslims , who broke a treaty , who committed treason , who refused be judged
so it is do as allah wants or else.thanks for confirming that.
it was wack
power is never whack. it all tells a story
i thought this country was better than this. he is dangerous. dt is about himself.
me too. people are so strange on what they are deciding on
i'm not republican, but astounded by anyone's support for killary. deadly corrupt women, protected by bankers, never held accountable.
this is a lesser of two evils choice for me.
and i can quote a multitude more from the bible answer theses questions
there is no question there.
. slams 'wacky' maureen dowd calls my panel 'losers' - assume he meant me as well
it's an honor coming from him
i'm sorry but isn't any bomb set off on purpose on a busy manhattan block considered terrorism? why is nyc dancing around it.
. only have narratives. calling things as they are doesn't fit
the worst thing about this chicago vacation is the scarcity of dr. pepper. i managed to find it at a walgreens. no restaurants though.
honestly. i don't think it's ever on fountain here in ny come to think about it
so here's the answer to the question where to check for font names: thanks &amp;
glad to share a link, but all the hard work was by
message on facebook x steve etherington
what ever happens let's make sure to finish ahead of 6.
you know islam you only know what your white extremists masters tell you
no, i go on world renowned scholarly sources. ones you cannot refute. racist pig.
not close. andrew has run a 2:49 marathon!
3:10 is also crazy! congrats.
can't wait to see mr. peppers in the pros. replacing revis in ny? sign me up
jason, hes something special but i expect my jets to do well this yr and hes likely a top 10. i was thinking jalon tabor!
was hillary clinton drunk?
what's the matter with her? she obviously is on some heavy duty meds. sounds like a strong ldr, right???
immm the vocabulary of logan , lowlife, scum, creep , terrorist bs, fy , quite an intelligent white american
just calling it like it is. add racist pig to that.
getting you caught up with investigations &amp; latest from
god bless out there not easy for you. be careful
"don't ever call me in the middle of my slaps" -my brother
... you're the same way nigga lol
immm the vocabulary of logan , lowlife, scum, creep , terrorist bs, fy , quite an intelligent white american
smart enough to use you. lol
oomf is so damn beautiful and intelligent. i'd cuffed if given that opportunity.
shoot yo shot bro lol
i put my ear to the ground over here and over there. i have to if i want to see how the pieces of the world fit together.
brace yourself, your grace, for the possibility that they don't fit together at all.
i am dealing with this night by drinking wine, eating cheese, and devouring a bag of stacy's pita chips... so really just like any night.
. i picked wrong! this sounds much better than my night at the theater! great to see you yesterday. "i'm her agent."
here's how the chevy bolt really compares to tesla
problem is we know bolt will go on market. tesla who knows?
because bombs are so ordinary. normal criminals use them all the time. wtf?!
did blasio say the first explosion was a bomb? i don't think so
man fyck you for being in brooklyn and getting to see all the x
i was watching it on youtube lol
any chance a fear the bucket hoodie come out? just curious
we can make that happen for you.
immm the vocabulary of logan , lowlife, scum, creep , terrorist bs, fy , quite an intelligent white american
still talking to yourself? ahmadis are the rejects of islam. lol
jpii copied that from isaiah or john michael talbot.
or both! ... although probably more recourse to the prophet. rangers look strong generally but mediocre lately.
- sounds very peaceful-you, like all muslims i encounter, are blocked
lying imam getting no respect again. lol
looking super drugged up. speech really slowed down and almost slurred, such a weak presence. something is really wrong w her
yes dd ! unable to lead!
the documents men - politico. "war is coming. declaration of independence not safe in washington, d.c. anymore."
in the age of digital information, the story about preserving original copies of the u.s. constitution, lincoln's gettysburg address, etc....
but i can't help but smirk when tweets...
when the name of the account is clearly a parody &amp; the profile photo isn't the same as the real one, it's ok!
jpii copied that from isaiah or john michael talbot.
being a fan is a true test of faith
women &amp; men w/ college degrees women of color, men of color &amp; hopefully young intelligent people, will save this nation once again.
gosh tina i hope so, listening to cspan this morning pple ask such dumb questions
if the bomb was intentional how is it not terrorism.
great question that we hope officials answer today!!
considering the moors gave the jews refuge after spanish pogroms, and they lived in unison for hundreds of years.
was the spanish inquisition &amp; it was morocco
i canvass. you can thank cable news and major papers for hammering hillary on the email thing like it was watergate.
at the end of the day there was nothing to the emails or the foundation - but media kept at it.
haha i know. all over the place
i hated almost every coaching decision. everybody's hurt. but these guys are still winning.
in the age of digital information, the story about preserving original copies of the u.s. constitution, lincoln's gettysburg address, etc....
...is poignant and and interesting reminder of how humans crave the security of artifacts that reassure them of higher causes than themselves.
ios 10 why remove the star ratings? am i the only who has an entire library organized by ratings? this is bad! one star.
devastated by it too
will you ever come to the realization that the president cant continuously blurt out stupid shit ?
how the fuck did obama get reelected then?
removing star ratings from music is so annoying. only way to rate is siri which interrupts song. sort it or lose customer
and you can only you siri for this when plugged into power. impossible.
i feel the same way about hrc, sigh... we could have had a
it's not over until it's over.
he also didn't say anything about the injured or the first responders &amp; he jumped to conclusions w/zero evidence.
how the heck did he find out so soon.
i don't understand why i'm not allowed to love the pirates as much as i love the falcons...
love is love.
pork rollin' in the deep
by taylor swift ham
partnerships help the fbi fight crime and terrorism to protect americans all over the world
u never listened though...
the crooked clinton's will say anything to to fit their false political narrative. lying is in their blood!
we're still paying the price for your old comeback. nafta, mandatory sentencing, 93 wtc bombing ignored.
in the age of digital information, the story about preserving original copies of the u.s. constitution, lincoln's gettysburg address, etc....
...is a poignant and interesting reminder of how humans crave the security of artifacts that reassure us of higher purposes than ourselves.
not normal behavior for major-party nominee to talk this way about respected public servant for r and d presidents
worst part is, look at the current hashtag of 'zombie hillary' to see the dregs of the earth that this behavior normalizes.
"donald trump's birther event is the greatest trick he's ever pulled"
not sure that was a compliment donnie
if we are talking about norms, what democrats did during lewinskygate matters, too. not a straight line.
what did "democrats do" during lewinsky?
this then is the message which we have heard of him, and declare unto you, that god is light, and in him is no darkness at all. 1 jn 1:5 kjv
the city had no need of the sun or of the moon to shine in it, for the glory of god illuminated it. the lamb is its light.
are you here ? we should meet during
hi alex, yes, am here and we should meet
breaking!!! collapsing hillary clinton heavily sedated as she responds to donald trump comment &amp; !!
oh but it's because she's a woman? give us a break!
gary johnson says he would have signed nafta and would sign tpp. he is controlled opposition and works for the same oligarchs does.
bernie controlled opposition also..accomplished mission of allowing release of anger &amp; verifying potential of progressives
poll shows donald trump is seen as more transparent than hillary clinton:
thanks media.....your continual bull about emails and the foundation did it. when actually trump has the foundation scandal.
im not complaining. when its 0 degrees out i will wish it was 70...winter right around the corner. are u from albany mary?
i'm from vt - but spent the last 6 years in ny!
nice to meet you sir nd thanks you for follow me
you are most welcome dear friend.
...is a poignant and interesting reminder of how humans crave the security of artifacts that reassure us of higher purposes than ourselves.
there was also an original copy of the magna carta from 1215 that was on loan to the us library of congress that they asked us to hold onto.
thanks, matthew!!!
you're welcome!
forget mtv cribs.. check out this basement at a home in saratoga. it's part of an event that helps !
such a pretty space!
are you going to be speaking at the gala in chicago on thursday? i'm so excited to support my heritage &amp; attend a great event!
. i'll be there. for sure will speak. humbled because he is being honored w/ martorell.
"atheism is an empty, sterile worldview, that locks us into a closed universe that will ultimately incinerate any evidence we ever existed."
thankfully the truth doesn't depend on whether you like it or not.
drugged up hillary unfit to serve!
dems are crazy if they persist in jeopardizing our safety w an inept leader. take a good look at her. no pneumonia!
all these liberals wailing about trump conveniently forget how they behaved with justice thomas and bork
as if there's any comparison to letting a fascist take over the party &amp; now close to plunging us/world into crisis
thanks with best wishes !!!
welcome dear friend.
they refused to do what the gop did to nixon.
you're saying they should have rolled over in the face of an unfair, ludicrous impeachment battle &amp; force him out?
there was also an original copy of the magna carta from 1215 that was on loan to the us library of congress that they asked us to hold onto.
all these priceless original historical documents (including a gutenberg bible) were secretly transported to fort knox after pearl harbor.
good morning! hh
morning. thanks!
why is this not a huge story? 8 stabbed by a muslim at a minnesota mall! hillary wants millions of these people!
and yet another one during the same time period. import more of them, obama and hillary! no car for citizenry.
all these priceless original historical documents (including a gutenberg bible) were secretly transported to fort knox after pearl harbor.
where they would be safe from possible destruction by the japanese or the germans. world war ii was on.
here's what we know and what we don't about saturday night's explosion in manhattan
"strength of blast sent dumpster flying from the north side of the street to the south sidewalk" ny post **hope not "dirty bomb"
have a gr8 day m8,thanks for the hospitality last week
great to have you in mate! what a day! hh
starting my sunday with hacked twitter account has me like ...
it happens. cheers.
we know hillary needed a nap before she spoke to reporters to diss trump! no energy! tell it like it is trump
highly medicated... maybe ambien or percocet
what's happening with u guys! aren't we inspiring u enough?
not horny enough bro
you moron! it wasn't fireworks. it was a bomb!
. thinks he's chief inspector jacques clouseau, it's a bomb!
fabulous long first-person piece on insomnia relief in . a keeper even for non-sufferers
thanks for this piece. thanking yahweh for his gift of good sleep, praying for those with insomnia.
thanks with best wishes !!!
welcome dear friend.
where they would be safe from possible destruction by the japanese or the germans. world war ii was on.
world war ii had been raging in europe before pearl harbor, so librarian of congress archibald macleish had been considering which to save.
scene of the explosion this morning.
that's good, soledad, thanks. on the street view of the aftermath.
find myself agreeing 110% with paul krake here
hard to disagree with anything he says. but i don't think the market has a singular achilles heel.
shannon, please, does your family have anything to do with the movie birth of the dragon? many of us very upset by its attitude.
if it's a horrible idea then the lee estate signed off on it. the number of respectful projects they deny is staggering
if our standard is "desecrating the presidency," extramarital blowjobs in the oval office and lying under oath count.
as part of perjury trap where you were allowed to depose prez about his affairs during land deal investigation
this a real thing tho
is it? like just the red ones?
source: gronkowski won't play vs. dolphins
because the dolphins ain't shit another practice game , this is the easiest schedule i've seen in years lol
here's what you should be saying.this was terrorism. shameful this soon after 9/11 how far down the rabbit hole we are. disgusted.
very deep down the 1984 rabbit hole .. and if it was a nuke device would msm alert ? that blast send shock waves
i thought it was a brand new strain of bs pneumonia?
it is bs i've had pneumonia takes more than 3 days to recover &amp; never fainted.
i can't wait to be married &amp; come home after a long day &amp; curl up next to my favorite person in the world &amp; fall asleep
you plan to continue to get fucked on film,then come home to your husband?
hard to disagree with anything he says. but i don't think the market has a singular achilles heel.
the absence of fiscal policy can be quite deadly to the global economy which appears to be approaching stall speed.
another ied likely brought to you by 's refugee resettlement funding.
paul ryan is a total disgrace to the us!!
wow just did he same but with nyquil goodnight
sleep well my sweet prince
so apparently this was all i did at gardiner day 3 years ago...
me looking at in in disgust in that one pic... i hate myself a little bit
red herring?
oooh maybe! thank you!
hi friends. whats the best wifi router for home use these days? my router is shit and doesn't reach two rooms away. thanks!
had the same problem. bought dlink ac1200.
where in the hell has the 1986 movie willy milly been all my life?!? me and just fell in love with it!
wow.....only back then could they make a full film about this. i need to watch this movie
nothing. sat there and watched clinton lie under oath and create a constitutional crisis.
ludicrous. never should have been an impeachment. you people never learn &amp; now you've given us trump
due to all the craze going on for stranger things, i decided to watch the first episode. it was a good decision.
keep watching and you will pay homage to the great decision to do so!!!
an manhattan explosion few blocks away. mayor: 'injuries are significant' via
everything that happens i think how would address them -- they are much more secure and safe.
best just start with what you wont tell since that will take 8 hours to cover up. then spend 3 minutes on what you know.
and would they tell if it was a dirty bomb ? what kink of device sends volcano red bubbling &amp; shock waves blocks?
so? who disparaging remarks don kill? is a professor a god? can a professor turn water into wine?
wow! is this a real argument? that one studied and worked hard to become a prof makes him/her immune from criticism?
gooooooood morning baltimore.
definitely time for and i to come back...
just dm me personally again like last time
just add my skype dingus
yup. i had it. it was a bunch of different flavors reds.
nah i'm talking about just all the red skittles
theres a lot of amazing women in politics. hillary is not one of them.
that wasn't on a real tv show, right?
:)) what are you looking for ?
oh, autumn is my fave season, so looking at everything! but have to save $$ so mostly looking
world war ii had been raging in europe before pearl harbor, so librarian of congress archibald macleish had been considering which to save.
saving america's precious historical documents is a slightly different challenge from the usual sci-fi trope of manuals to reboot a society.
trump went to flint to draw attention to the city's lead poisoning crisis-but he just made a spectacle of himself.
you can't stay vertical and he made a spectacle of himself?
i don't think terrorist would plant a device in a dumpster? looks more like a mob type. no matter nypd will get the perp...
in dumpster for reason ... to send bomb blast straight up not out ..why ? could be chemical or other 4 all we know
now clinton camp calls trump supporters mentally deficient. what arrogance
and obomba trying to shame black's into voting dem. what a jerk!
the system continues to expose itself as rigged. stanford found that the debate rules being set by hillary donors
that is unfair. how about the public generating a list of topics and let them debate each pt by pt. only time moderator.
if our standard is "desecrating the presidency," extramarital blowjobs in the oval office and lying under oath count.
trying to pin any of this on dems is ridiculous. trump is fault of gop, it's base &amp; their intellectual enablers on the right
media knows terrorist attack harms sick hillary. thus, multiple bombs and 25 in hospital is "no big deal."
remind me to beat the living shit out of when i see him.
saving america's precious historical documents is a slightly different challenge from the usual sci-fi trope of manuals to reboot a society.
the scientologists spent a lot of their parishioners' money on pricey bunkers to preserve the ravings of their god-messiah, l. ron hubbard.
update: 29 injured (1 serious), 2nd device dismantled, original bomb in dumpster; no building collapsed or subway bomb
terrible news, stay safe!
desperation 101. your last pneumonia, did you fully 100% recovered in 3 days? i say. kudos hrc
you write for the onion?
lmao major tb happy birthday!
thank u!! appreciate it
of course not, why should the person charged with upholding the rule of law have to live under the law?
so let's elect a dangerous con-man who will break every law he can and ruin the republic. nice.
perish zonqest?
i'm confused on why ur tryna be funny with tagging me with that question retard
i really have a large head lmfaoo
hey big head
whoa... my poet friend. a deep breath...
just celebrating another change of season, thomas. but time goes too fast.
powerful post, . i like the piece about being intentional about teaching women's achievements!
. thanks ed
derp if more than one device is found, it's gotta be terrorism here's your sign ! ! !
so if it is a trumper thinking he can help his guy is it still terrorism?
the scientologists spent a lot of their parishioners' money on pricey bunkers to preserve the ravings of their god-messiah, l. ron hubbard.
which seems like a waste of perfectly good bunker space to me, but it's their money. i am interested in "clock of the long now" libraries.
lmfao right. so gross
like i can't focus because she's disgusting lol
yeah but they beat canada in group play in 2010 don't see it happening here
i thought you were talking giants? but world cup, yeah they're toast
live on : heading to montauk from brooklyn
get out your nose
which seems like a waste of perfectly good bunker space to me, but it's their money. i am interested in "clock of the long now" libraries.
i grew up in the era of the home computer and early pre-internet online services, as well as offline cd-rom references (remember encarta?).
"i realized every identity &amp; intersection of identity was welcomed &amp; championed in progressive spaces-except mine."
is the cool thing on campus. the jews are a thing ppl hate - assertive &amp; successful minorities
here's what we know and what we don't about saturday night's explosion in manhattan
hillary almost asleep...she's ready to lead no matter what the crisis
jc in uthe hope of glory wherever u go, bring hope(jesus) to pple you encounter have a hopeful day sistersshine
i ask that the eyes of ur heart may b enlightened, so that u may know the hope of his calling , the riches of his glorious...
clearly at last night's briefing
exhausted? that's an understatement.
what will it be retweet for ford like for bmw
wow that's a tough choice
i grew up in the era of the home computer and early pre-internet online services, as well as offline cd-rom references (remember encarta?).
so i don't have a particularly mystical view of online vs. offline or a horror of living in a world where google wasn't around or something.
my cousin gave me the 86 replica jersey! she's the best!
ebay knockoff?...
nope, thanks. what about trumps america?
trumps america? no bombs, no stabbings in malls as in minn. happy americans with jobs! problem?
the answer is, she can't.
let's make sure doesn't.
thoughts on survivor pick this week? san diego? i took houston last week
carolina this week for me
"there is a candidate that will destroy all that we've done!" -bo that's the plan baby !
get to work, barack! stop campaigning. you're supposed to be impartial but then again, u never obey the rules.
so i don't have a particularly mystical view of online vs. offline or a horror of living in a world where google wasn't around or something.
but in the event that north american society really collapsed (we're taking canada down with us!), what books would you reboot society with?
st. cloud i sure miss the days under republican leadership, they would never allow terrorism in the us!
clinton let bin laden slip away and metastasize
guess what hip hop vet says that doesn't write her own raps!
when was rah last hit record. it needs to stop
the other two thirds know it will be rigged.
number that know much higher, but putters would never let russian paper print truth
thoughts on survivor pick this week? san diego? i took houston last week
broncos vs a terrible secondary in denver may be a good one if you want to save carolina
another in a string of outright lies from the most dishonest candidate in modern history! . deplorable indeed!!
obama and hillarys b team strike again twice in nj &amp; ny! keeping us safer together! lol!
excellent gregg
glad you liked petra hi all
but in the event that north american society really collapsed (we're taking canada down with us!), what books would you reboot society with?
what books would you want to have locally? just in case the zombie plague, giant asteroid, or nuclear war takes out the rest of the planet.
he didn't. he guessed.
gates is right. trump is beyond repair.
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
you just love to make up things
awesome and you??
no complaints always good
also we're you in line for bakesale bettie's? and did it blow yr mind?
honestly it was okay i felt sick after i ate it haha
vote she will save you
and all black american's are required by king bho to vote for hillary because life is so better now. sheesh! idiot!
what books would you want to have locally? just in case the zombie plague, giant asteroid, or nuclear war takes out the rest of the planet.
i'm curious how people in other parts of the world would answer this as well. i'd probably have english copies of the bible, koran, etc..
you should look at my timeline if you think i'm pro-trump. doesn't change what the clintons have done to our political culture.
i just did &amp; while it's somewhat honorable to be against your party's nom (what else can one be?) when he's a dangerous fascist-1
delusional doesn't think president obama can help boost voter turnout. let's show him in november.
i don't take seriously. he's very arrogant.
power come back on tonight
from midnight on demand with some providers
i'm curious how people in other parts of the world would answer this as well. i'd probably have english copies of the bible, koran, etc..
even though i'm an atheist, because the bible in particular is so important to understanding a lot of english idioms &amp; christian ethics.
in jim cooley's open-carry america, even a trip to walmart can require an ar-15
it should be made legal in all states
good, but he's been lying in their faces and showing total contempt for their profession for a year straight.
still time to right their wrong.
where are the black jazz musicians?
black music canon needs to be taught in the public schools. wynton marsalis has a point.
a lot can change in a year
yes, definitely. but nothing to worry about.
but he was right again.
not at all. i'm talking about the over-the-topness of his response to the relative smallness of the event. still bad.
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
never will be president. america want's and will elect
this is awful. praying for especially .
haven't heard anything more about the 3rd device. hope/think it was only a rumor. continuing to pray.
he thinks he can talk down and shame people to bend them to his will. not this time.
what an extremely bloated ass! i don't believe his approval ratings for one minute!
i just did &amp; while it's somewhat honorable to be against your party's nom (what else can one be?) when he's a dangerous fascist-1
trying to still explain how clintons are an equal danger means you haven't accepted your own culpability enabling this disaster-2
hilary...just a cut above comatose! what a great marketing opportunity for an energy drink company!
. brawndo it's got electrolytes!
pressure cookers are a kitchen appliance of peace - only a certain radical sect of pressure cookers are violent.
therefore,don't call them pressure cookers.we don't want to upset all pressure cookers we need to work w/them
most japanese firms rewward staff for seniority not ability, minimisinig job-hopping
just like unions in america
even though i'm an atheist, because the bible in particular is so important to understanding a lot of english idioms &amp; christian ethics.
i know that every culture has ancient and modern works of literature that they'd want copies of. i'd want copies in an american stash, too.
where are the black jazz musicians?
everyone should know chord changes to "a train," opening notes of "west end blues".
thanks! i'm pretty deep into personal genomics for health
we'd be happy to chat! private message us or email us at info.org
luvs all his fans and followers muah
we live for you
we should review existing polyglot ci/cd contracts and if still relevant publish a new version of ours based on what we learned.
yes, and get it in front of more people! the single source of truth improves so much and provides an amazing foundation!
chelsea are today being linked with a 20m move for tottenham's ben davies (the sun). would you sell davies?
keep. although for that money it may be difficult. hopefully levy won't do business with them.
hmmmm only 8:30 at nite i guess u ain't up if u in bed
hmmmm ur right i was not up i was laying down
hillary clinton: first lady of usa. first lady of arkansas. secretary of state. senator of ny. lawyer. trump: scam artist.
and there are still undecideds.....scary.
why could she say that she couldn't recall almost 40 times..and still be trusted?! lol
you mean when the fbi cleared her of all wrong doing?
this is a golden pepe. it only appears once in 20,000 memes. it is the rarest pepe. rt in 20 secs or bad luck 4 life.
clinton campaign will have another speech denouncing the golden version.
i mean, you get offended by this but are ok with disparaging millennials in the same thread. come on.
who said i was offended?
this weekend's current obsession is . discovered on 's podcast interview w/ adam buxton.
they supported rdhd in nyc
hillary warned a women's group, then a black group, and then an elderly group to resist the gop's attempt to divide americans into groups.
can you imagine what is in those speech transcripts?
i can't sleep. i need some conversation. come on, twitter - step up!
yo! timberly! what's hot?!
trying to still explain how clintons are an equal danger means you haven't accepted your own culpability enabling this disaster-2
if you're truly never trump that means you recognize the danger he is &amp; you have to hold your nose &amp; vote for hillary. -3
praying for you all my friend and for that fine city.
thanks brother. grateful.
i have a feeling that reading your new book will be like supping at emmaus; i will recognize him.
let's just say i'm letting holy spirit take over...which may be like letting a toddler drive a car, but hey, why not?! :) &lt;3
hypocrisy, thy name is... hillary calls 'bombings,' slams trump for 'bomb'
well, what is it? a stuffed firecracker?a pipe filled w confetti? how dumb is this woman and she wants to be potus?
i think it might be infinite scroll. story keeps repeating on scroll.
please send a ticket to please.com with browser,os,and screenshots and we'll take a look
good sunday all
likewise gio and all
if you're truly never trump that means you recognize the danger he is &amp; you have to hold your nose &amp; vote for hillary. -3
finally, i'll be on your side today cuz i picked carolina in my survivor pool so they'd best crush the niners! good day sir..-4
sydney you were delicious! literally, ate my way through you!
it started with chocolate! oink. lol ;)
good luck to and as they run the today!
ib diploma student representing at the finish line too!!
never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama.
has absolutely no significant accomplishments in all his years as a apparatchik. covers up sorry record
here's the work of the alt right..'stheir symbol,bannon who runs trump campaign is their boytrump jr rt them
this is unacceptable!
at white house, kasich stumps for obama trade deal, takes dig at trump via
kasich no one will ever believe you ever a man who dosen't stand behind his pledge can never be president
the failing has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
true, the barrage of stories the published yesterday, purely attack pieces with no hint of real news, was sick.
you not a fan of my game day poem?
lol nah i'm not a fan of it
thanks laura
spawn bro fuck'n awesome
before you act, listen before u react, think before u criticize, wait before u pray, forgive before you quit, try before you tweet, restrain
why are you writing this? i mean, it's nice but...
happy birthday john !! enjoy &amp; get lit as usual
thank u!!!!
liars, cheats and thieves are liars, cheats and thieves. do you really believe djts ridiculously aggressive rhetoric? it's a con.
right. he's a con. a literal conman who doesn't know shit about (seemingly) anything. there are levels to lying/cheating/stealing
would moving nearly 2k miles away even make me any happier lol
yes. i promise
jesus. just stop. remember the egypt air flight that he guaranteed was terrorism? we still don't know.
dt has diarrhea of the mouth; can't help himself.
palestinian president abbas in venezuela: "our youth carry knives because they lost hope"
and he won't let go of power to stand for election because he's lost hope? is the the new excuse?
i largely consider the mta thing a failure-as much as ppl deride moses, the way he was dethroned prob made transit worse off
thx for thread! have you written on this at length somewhere? went to your lirrtoday site but only saw listserv signup
green - three laps in and we're back to green in singapore! nico rosberg leads the pack away as hamilton closes up on ricciardo
okay that's it i'm finding a pirate sky stream bye y'all
if you want something you've never had, you've got to do something you've never done
wow what a bummer. i will miss you this season on the voice
racism is a powerful tool
unfortunately it is
take a joke
was kidding fatty
4 ieds targeting marines, 30 injured in ny, 2 pressure cooker bombs... yawn. can we get back to birther?
nate is the same kind of men like obama: better vacationing somewhere instead of doing damages.
police chief says regarding : suspect yelled allah akbar &amp; asked people if they were muslim during attack
but it is not terrorism!! this governor is a total dufus
nypd report: could be terrorist attack, could be a hate crime, could be a disturbed person trying to create mayhem. not clear what it is yet
yet trump thinks he knows what it is
it was mayor de blasio who stopped all nypd surveillance of mosques &amp; muslims in nyc.
yes but having this butt hole to blame is little comfort.
. the new scream factory special blu ray edition of the thing is pretty hot. but i already watched that. :-(
i watched ex machina for first time last night. what an enjoyable enterprise !
kanye is now on instagram. this should be interesting.
prolly not. the man, while a musical genius, is a bi-polar disaster in any other setting. speaking, tweeting, fashion &amp; now instagram
but that clip of you judging corey feldman on the stern show was pretty fucking hot...
yes. and the judgement rendered--unassailable.
harlem toile in cherry is one of my favorites. ...
me too! on my wish list for when i move to my own home. in the meantime i have the umbrella!
u got it, it was a cruddy hotel room kinda like a sro, no out of doors : )
oh cruddy hotel i can way imagine! easy to think of next great song coming out of there :)
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
even the liberals in manhattan don't like the times
those cool although you could buy pair of canvas/cloth shoes, use stencil to spray pattern all over.
but that would be work
hillary is an abortion cheerleader. ill take my chances w the guy running w mike pence. a better deal frank.
prioritize what is said vs.what is done. great talker complete failure.'s scotus list is action.
hey , many *progressive muslims* -- the ones we should support in ideological fight against extremism -- believe in sharia!!
i wouldn't stand on rooftop with a group of "progressive" sharia adherents if i werre gay.
you're so full of shit it's amazing you're not surrounded by flies 24/7.
he is surrounded by flies. kellyanne, steve, rudy, ben.....
then he randomly unfollowed me on twitter and stopped texting me and shit lmaoooooo
these boys are playing games girl
the prism is "clearly...not threatening to privacy" is by far the most absurd claim of the editorial
weren't they trading nude photos of women intercepted via prism? smdh
how do news stations get some random "experts" on air so quickly and they're all dressed up ready to go?
they have walk in closet with out of work talking heads begging for airtime
donald trump's "foundation" is a sham: it has no employees, donates no money and he steals from it via
fraudulent faker
hope everything's fine for my friends in nyc!
thank you, ilaria. i'm okay; i live outside of nyc. thank you
for sure. did you see the today show fiasco he "performed" on friday? i have never felt so bad for anyone...
no. but i heard about it. poor guy.
"i wanna go on da plane." (@ terminal d (delta terminal) in east elmhurst, ny)
whoa. sick haircut alert!
clinton takes "wait and see" approach on nyc blast
what's her approach on the nj blast? the minnesota stabbings? how many americans does she have to "see" falling before she acts?
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
yup, that's what we do in a free country. sue the press for "irresponsible intent." good idea, you fckin idiot.
sabaidii, laos! honored to be the first u.s. president to visit laos and to begin a new partnership between our countries.
mr president thank you for being for us all
our front seven is pretty tough tho
yeah that's true
chelsea is residential and boring af. if you're looking to kill and maim, that's not the neighborhood you hit on a saturday night.
well, except as and anti-lgbtq cause. not that i think it was, at all.
yes -thanks for asking. we were in brooklyn at grimaldi's pizzeria when the pipe bomb exploded
the nypd were out in force today - for real!
yes, we have. it's called 12 years of history &amp; social studies classes. aka school.
foreign concept to too many
was bombed!
yup dd ! what a great leader! not
black voters are turning from clinton to trump in new poll via
its the new york post
obama to blacks: 'i will consider it a personal insult' if you don't vote for hillary
the hubris of and his patronization of black voter is truly appalling.
look at her! she looks drugged up and absolutely wiped out!
. didn't have her brawndo energy drink today.
who will run the country when it's over 78 degrees or after 8 pm?
i am outraged what obama is doing.he is an absolute embarrassment
happy buona notte! nicol! how beautiful to feel. my arms around you
thank you! ciao bella nicol! hope your day is going excellent mio caro!
hbd beautiful!! have fun in nyc todayyyy
loveeeee youuuu gorgeous and thank you
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
you're a menace. calling for violence against a presidential candidate. you know exactly what her positions are.
use of the term "rebel" is bizarre. would they call terrorists in france or the us rebels?
this is a perception problem. it does not matter what we say-there is some truth somewhere.
. who cares? the republican nominee for president championed birtherism for 5 years and then lied about it! disgusting!
back to the birther cad, trump must be taking the lead, libs getting desperate.
why is this tub of goo still talking?
why are you still ranting? give it up!
not doing too good. half of me is missing.
sending love and positive vibes your way girly
almost faints again after rolling out of air plane bed to comment on
have to wonder how sleeps at all? human nature to lay awake and ponder mistakes and misjudgments.fortnight of insomnia
three violent attacks: connect the dots
it's not three any more. with ny, it's now four.
u fucking stupid ass flamingo bitch off urself
i hate this bitchhhh she is so fucking stupid oh my god
yo can ya like win a game please
thanks guys now do it again!
not normal behavior for major-party nominee to talk this way about respected public servant for r and d presidents
knows clowns
terror in new york city
how about new jersey? how about philadelphia? how about minnesota? what was that?
are you in nyc and you didnt invite me how rude
i didnt tell you cause it was literally less than 24 hours.
excellent song, great voice
yes agree a little sabaton sounding
oh and.... just when you thought you'd seen everything.... this has to take the cake
ha! i have never seen that before in all my riding years! too funny!
he has trouble reading. i've seen only a few people comment on his 4th or 5th grade reading level (generous), surprised more have not.
i guess commenting on his illiteracy would be 'elitist.'
meh. story says chip is seen as a "good coach," but that's been changing for about a year.
i think chip is good coach still. in his whole resume of hcing-- only 1 losing season. great wth qbs too
you can tell that bitches on here don't get dick.
whoo hhuurtttt you?
donald trump is the only candidate i've ever seen who seems gleeful when americans are suffering. ,
he is a sick pup
screw 3am: hillary doesn't have enough strength or stamina to respond to even an 8 pm attack.
she had bedhead at 8pm.
how the first congress invented america
eternal praise? some owned slaves, none enacted constitutional rights for women, blacks or poor people. calm down.
well at least you didn't order and then pass out and miss the pizza, which a friend of mine does on occasion
i've done that but not in years, little victories
report: trump has received $885m in tax breaks for his new york real estate empire
so, tax breaks are the reason people invest in real estate. this is perhaps the stupid story you and ever printed.
will you please point me to an article or him stating he's donating?
google is awesome. google 'kaepernick donating 1 million' and you can pick the article you want to read.
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
50 weeks left,you're suing the times?guess you've got a landslide on 11/8 so you've plenty of time for diversions!
yay! makes me happy to see this. i must give you my aguero shirt, as dad is buying me a new one for my birthday :-d
i would love that. too bad i am not coming for lazarus. maybe we can get on the phone this evening.
when you put and trump's career and values side-by-side, she's got better resume &amp; moral compass
yes but i am so afraid people don't look at this. we need to get the word out
how we've come 2 differentiate &amp; rationalize between terrorist bombs/acts &amp; non terrorist bombs &amp; acts is asinine
bombs exploding, regardless of who did it or why, are, in and of themselves, defination of terrorism
lol chopzachtly is good
that's what i said.
are you also involved with pycaribbean? :)
i am helping out a bit. you're pr in nc. i'm from nc living in pr. hope you can make it back for
two good books to recommend to you: 'bled', by and "fright tales', by eddie jose morales.
thank you for the shout out, paul. have a great day :-)
we'd like to help you but tw is our channel for info and general requests. lost &amp; found dept is the one that handles 1/2
day 5 !! still no sign of my luggage. the ny stage of my trip is nearly over and you still haven't fulfilled the terms of your 1/2
nothing wrong here \m/
oh yeah great day all
second device found 4 blocks from nyc explosion appeared to be a pressure cooker.
idea of feeling safe in the world is an anacronym.
the eyes of the lord are upon the righteous, and his ears are open unto their cries..
"blessed shall you be when you come in, and blessed shall you be when you go out. deuteronomy 28:6
if you see that my tweets from last night fall off right before we won it's because i've never felt true joy until then
and we just went a bit insane post game, as you do
there was an explosion in manhattan so if i have any new york friends i want you to know you're in my thoughts stay safe guys
i honestly could had been caught in the explosion too but it happened a hour after i left
2 yrs ago, muslims were arrested in a different state having stolen many pressure cookers &amp; hundreds of cell phones
if course, fbi could not find. they can't even find wife of fla terrorist that they had in custody
"come join me in a relaxing bubble bath, minimulder"
times liked funko skinner could be funny "hey guys, what cha doin?"
we'd like to help you but tw is our channel for info and general requests. lost &amp; found dept is the one that handles 1/2
..of your contract with me to fly me and my luggage from london to paris. you are in breach of that contract 2/2
will u repost? dog walker lost my dog. last seen running north on rogers ave, towards empire
please share on your twitter! dog walker lost our dog riley!!!! female lhasa apso!! last seen
"but the heart wants what it wants..."
look at in her mood....singing selen gomez. i feel yeah girl
and we just went a bit insane post game, as you do
i saw grown men cry last night (i think? hard to tell), it was great
lmao when it's just youu??
yes lmao, i haven't done that w/ my past few uber's but i usually do.
"there is a candidate that will destroy all that we've done!" -bo that's the plan baby !
their you go again talking that jive again i was right you are jive timer
pull up and make heads turn with camry's stylish exterior.
one hell of an ugly designs are ugh provoking.
i swear, if she tipped over, they would prop her up &amp; start again without question
unfortunately you're right and it's so sad to see how desperate they are
i just entered the competition for free gaming gear!
hi i really want the camera because my last camera broke and i need one so i can do my school news paper.btw im a huge fan!!!!!!!!!!
pipe bombs in nj dumpster explosion in ny mass shooting in d.c. mass stabbing in minnesota obama making jokes
. we are surrounded by.....
where are the black jazz musicians?
otoh, ellington learned to play by following the key presses on his family's player piano.
ah sorry. room service nko?
ha.. hard economy. just found some plantain chips in my bag..
put partisan feelings aside and judge this ad objectively. it is absolutely devastating.
drop the bastard in the middle of syria. trump sucks
i was gonna stay off of social media for a bit but i have to tweet this. i'm praying for all those who got injured in chelsea bombing.
thursday i had a meeting three blocks away from the bombing. shit like that is so scary.
, i once was there, and bc of self determination, and government programs like fafsa, i have a degree.
trump said he won't take away benefit!but he will create more jobs&amp;black ppl can make more$
explosions in manhattan. stabbings in minnesota. bomb at the jersey shore. is this our lives, our country, now?
thank you for your input miss dramatic. think the us has been through worse
"black dallas cop sues black lives matter, soros for inciting race war" -
this is the best way to expose them
luggage claim. worldtracer will be updated as our colleagues have located it. sorry for the inconveniences rgds 2/2
i will pursuing a claim against you for replacing luggage &amp; its contents which was beyond inconvenient.
which it won't because there will likely be a recession in the next year. sorry y'all.
's purpose is to mollify the bourgeoisie and encourage them to maintain the status quo, while inching constantly rightward
have to say (&amp; i despise trump) that i feel she got the better of him. he was too polite, &amp; let her spew too long.
she lies way too mcuh
. worked for todd "legitimate rape" akin in 2012. enough said.
mr. "shut that whole thing down". kellyanne is the common denominator w/ this basket of losers.
last night me and doggo met a porch toad. hello toad neighbor!
he doesn't have twitter, but i'll tell him you say hi
obama to blacks: "personal insult to me if you don't vote for hillary." translation? only real blacks vote dem.
can't say "voting for will undo all i have accomplished to better the lives of black americans".
. to : officials not calling ny blast terrorism, but not ruling anything out
if american planted bombs, not terrorism? fyi it's insulting 2public not calling it wht itis
he doesn't have twitter, but i'll tell him you say hi
also, i've been living under your porch, hope that's cool
where are the black jazz musicians?
today, a similar socio-technical configuration gives us hip-hop. back when, ellington gave us his "jungle music."
today was a reminder that for 8 years obama has met the birther issue with superhuman equanimity. most of us would have lost our shit.
i know i would have lost it
trump is is relentless in his "pursuit of every single dime of taxpayer subsidies he can get," said one nyc official
that's what businesses do so they can grow and employ people. should businesses ignore the tax code &amp; shoot themselves in the foot?
you can dislike dowd, cnn or gates and still acknowledge this is insane behavior for a person running for president.
insane is current potus saying "it's not ransom money".. going dancing,golfing&amp; baseball-in crisis.
on livestream, not on site. so tell me, i've put my 23andme genome data in opensnp, is that data you'd also want?
we aren't able to accept raw data files like opensnp. if you had 23anme testing &amp; were issued a report, we can accept that
faith, family, giants football...its gameday!!!!!!!!!
meet at the quarterback
obama said its voting hillary
now your telling the truth but before you were jive talking you know the truth but you rather lie about donald trump
if you think your general knowledge is on point, drop us your number to play our quiz.
brand new tune is awesome
coop meeting just had a 20 minute breakout session on paint colors for our doors.
so,what color r u painting the doors? inquiring colorful minds, like mine, want 2 know. wishing u a brightly colored day
as a new yorker i am so hurt by at the people jumping to conclusions and hate because of this explosion. hate is not the answer.
as a native nyer, i'm tired of my city bring bombed &amp; our cop being brutally attacked. how about some concern for the injured?
how exactly are you certain when the authorities aren't?
isn't it obvious? because anything bad that happens is always the fault of either islam, obama or hillary!
today is the last day . it has been an amazing journey i will never forget!
amazing games and more amazing athletes showing the world
maher got one thing right: she's good. what she does isn't good, but she's good at what she does.
good point.
because strait is the gate, &amp; narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, &amp; few there be that find it. matthew 7:14
your ears shall hear a word behind u saying, "this is the way, walk in it," whenever u turn 2 the right hand or whenever...
kauai by childish gambino is literally the perfect vibe to start your sunday's or any day to honestly.
**shimmys**
proof hillary's latest speech was done with a green screen! she glitches out but the backgrnd doesn't
first take the money out of your foundation and spread it to all the needy americans than maybe you might be believed
do you see what time it is
it was delicious
17 soldiers killd as militants attack army base in iokashmir i predict india will blame pak usual knee jerk reaction
you right, they did even without any investigation
what you doing today , ?
gym then football
montana poll out late yesterday has trump +30. yup, a state democrats once hoped to turn blue now thirty pts up for trump.
*quickly adds montana to list of states i vow to never visit*
no1 could ever replace u but my friend fell asleep in my bed &amp; i can't help but laugh @ the universe giving me a 2nd sleepy pal
thank you for loving me enough to let me nap any time and anywhere. can't wait to nap in your bed again soon
luggage claim. worldtracer will be updated as our colleagues have located it. sorry for the inconveniences rgds 2/2
i am pursuing a claim against you to replace my luggage contents and will also be seeking compensation for breach of contract.
what you doing today , ?
some good week 2
free speech happy hour - this sunday in los angeles
can you start at 3? i have to take my cat to the vet.
lmaoo all the time
lmao when they need to stop playing because we play the game better
no god is an astrophysicist
god can be whoever he wants to be.
what you doing today , ?
match ups &amp; you
it's amazing that there were 3 bombs in nyc yesterday and not a peep on my twitter feed.
mines loaded, then again, i follow third party media sources. you know, ones that actually report important things without lying.
wow this is me every night cool
sorry i bothered you with our friendship
i jus watched a bunch of food vendors hurriedly dispose of food b/c of morrissey's 8-10 pm meat ban
&amp; morrisey's cool with animals being killed so long as they're thrown away instead of being used to feed people?
here is another classic example of "narrative shaping" for which "uri attack" has been staged by doval/modi duo
it is own act to malign neighbor
the first of these 2 wildly unpopular potus candidates to promise to serve only one term if elected might just clinch the race
another idiotic comment made by an elite bubble head or
when the gang completely blacked out and has no clue what happened
when the gang finally pays u back
good morning! today will be mostly cloudy with a chance of a shower/storm this evening. highs in the upper 70s to mid 80s
heavy rain showers will increase from w-e tonight and will continue into monday, isolated tstorm cannot be ruled out.
get new quarterbacks
16 team league. what do you expect?!
some men like the chase
true but there is a point where it gets annoying and we lose interest if they over do it
eating peanut butter wrong i've been doing that since i was a child when i thought of it. via
congrats on the un appointment. will be colorful to say least hope to catch up when you're here in ny. (i'm in same nabe.)
just for trp our shamless media is supporting indian plan and defaming freedom fighters.
foolishness
psa the angel emoji is a cute little baby now. that is all.
i thought it was always a baby?
proud of this young man! he can think for himself. spread the good news! facts not fiction!
im fairly confident will support the tpp. she "became" against tpp during the primaries.
i had a dream i met the janoskians (i don't stan them anymore so like tf) but skip had you as his background and was in
complete love with you it was really weird
gawd i love where is at now a days...
i'd rather have 'em making sequels to classic games myself. current sega are lost.
- india desperately needs to show to the world that kashmir unrest is nothing but terrorism
your analysis is 100 percent correct
i miss your weekly game previews. they brightened up my pregame weeks
glad you enjoyed them, doing more feature and column related stuff this season.
the path of the righteous is like the of , whichshines until full day.
light is sown for the righteous, and gladness for the upright in heart. psalm 97:11
not sure if you're trying to make your dinner tastier by watching it
oh i just watch whatever video while i eat meals. also it's 8:30am lol
@ 1 of my fav spots in nyc club posh
so handsome.
where are your weekly picks? ?must read hilarious stuff
going in a different direction this season. thanks for reading them thru the years!
most of all, this is a story about being the and of chargers while $tsla is penncentr
that metaphor makes no sense to people paying for inferior charging speeds and locations.
relieved to know!
thanks sweetie
and then there was 2. nothing can stop this team.
is wheeler ever coming back ? (real question)
i should have been born in this time
you are way too sexxxy for those times. you are just what this world needs - here n now!!!
alright, i think the server is back up and running, i got running on swift 3, so will monitor while i to uk.
in case you were interested:
heavy rain showers will increase from w-e tonight and will continue into monday, isolated tstorm cannot be ruled out.
again, a general 0.75"-1.5" appears likely with locally higher and lower amounts. 2"+ swaths of rain possible due to training showers/storms
most of all, this is a story about being the and of chargers while $tsla is penncentr
it might make sense if paying for superior charging speeds and locations
3/ to personalize and attack.
trump attacks political opponents like a democrat, because part of his core is still a democrat. hrc team still doesn't get it.
yea i hope so i see you go back and forth to london
yeah i was just out there for 3 and a half months. idk when i'm going back yet
where's that from?
new song, no idea when i'll be out but it's one of the most epic things i've done imo. better than born cross-eyed
thank good morning all
hi claudio &amp; all
when you keep tweeting stuff that we can all prove isn't true, we just get stronger thx
crooked trump
so should i make waffles or pancakes?
i vote for waffles
why do all these trimp people photoshop tramp hats onto their heads? can't they afford actual tremp hats?
theyre nice hats bront
as always ladies, it has been a privilege watching you. a very teary privilege but a privilege nonetheless!
thanks for coming all the way over to see us. i hope you had a great trip to the city. safe travels home.
in case you were interested:
shame about those usage tables, they look so nice on github.
do not blame me for misrepresenting something that wasn't the topic
don't blame me for comparing products i've tested the hard way, against both mftrs wishes, i'm sure.
oh really... i never saw it as a baby.....
maybe that's just me
he kept bringing me water and when i had to sit because i felt like throwing up, he came over to make sure i took my turnout gear off-
- so i wouldn't overheat
one in nj at shore today too...
scary times. hope everyone is ok!
you're now my highest
youre mine too bro
3/ to personalize and attack.
team hrc still doesn't know that this race is btwn two democrats from ny. djt winning bec he is truly a nyker, not a carpetbagger
how does it even work? why would a shareholder try to extract money from an investment? that further limits growth
if you believe there was true fraud or malfeasance and lawsuit was only way to reclaim part of the value of your shares?
trump has sorta turned this entire campaign "into a form of twitter, where everything is equal &amp; shrunk down to the same size" --
terrorism is on the front page. keeping americans safe is on the front page. trump will win!
wait, you expect us to accept illegals and "dreamers" but someone who comes here legally, you have a problem with
i'm glad i muted you right out of the gate, not 1 decent comeback.. he's talking about you
i don't want all those messages and appointments on my ios 10 lock screen. how do you get rid of them? cc
that's driving me crazy.
you heard of panic! at disco, now get ready for
you get 2 count yikes statuettes for your garden
black voters are turning from clinton to trump in new poll via
see? it does pay to ask. as in actually asking them for their vote.
eight game lead, actually. if tomlin and clevinger step up, indians can win in october. if not, they won't. simple as that.
any chance that salazar will be back for the playoffs? if not round one, the alcs?
team prioritising long term, lets judge them after one game. k.
it's vice sports i'm surprised that they even watch football over there.
i like his confidence
will be surprised if decisive action(s) are not taken before oct2nd!
i agreed to dye my hair blonde if the win the wild card....i'm going to immediately regret this decision
i hope you do this
pope francis ()'s insight: hospitality for migrants is "our greatest security against hateful acts of terrorism"
i'm not catholic - or even christian - but i sure do miss john paul ii these days
some kind of islam wants people dead and have been killing muslims and others in the me now around the world, also.
that's true, but we shouldn't generalize. imagine if the world would work like that?
good sunday morning chefy
same to you my friend have a super day!
past her bedtime. usually gets tucked in after wheel of fortune
if there is an expulsion, it was a bomb
watching 1st q film and it's like a house of horrors: bad tackling, blitz pickup, bad qb reads/throws, safety play, drops. ugly.
any idea what jacket brady was wearing yesterday??
. chair to "right size [citibike] for our district"
it's not like there aren't already experts in bike share! better leave it to unelected cranks being threatened by olds who used to run cb
won ceo award for innovation at our 1st awards night. thx
yes ! on the !
police investigate "intentional" explosion in nyc, unknown if suspicious device recovered nearby is related.
democrats fail to keep americans safe once again!
yet trump thinks he knows what it is
maybe does know what caused the
wow. t.i. is extremely real for this video..
whats the name of this song?
jonas salk's 1954 polio vaccine has prevented 1.1m cases to date in the us. let's protect his legacy &amp; !
yes!! however, long gone are the days when "the vaccine belongs to the people".
so excited to see &amp; in the color purple! also, there are 173 chairs on stage.
are there really? you got there early enough to count them! now i'm curious and may start counting too!
follow the first 350 people to retweet this tonight!
hope to photograph you when i am there
that metaphor makes no sense to people paying for inferior charging speeds and locations.
i'm off to test chargepoints in a tesla next three days. wish me luck.
the spirit of the lord is upon me, for he has anointed me to bring good news to the poor...luke 4:18
"behold! my servant whom i uphold my elect one in whom my soul delights i have put my spirit upon him he will bring forth..
this is what happens when you convince yourself that rivals or enemies are somehow "partners."
no one alive thinks putin is anyone's "partner" except the silly quote you just wrote.
problem is what is presented to mcx 'acceptance'. yes on chasepay, redcard, pl, venmo, pp, .. no on 95% of consumer accts
chase, bac, etc visa/mc presented as mcx merchant using mcx qr in issuer/merchant app. about a qr that works at multiple merchants
no one trolled you. you came on my tl with your innuendos and 0 facts to back them up. approx. 100 followers says who's a troll.
this is why, becasue you lie. you trolled w/a meme of something she has been cleared of. you need facts, not me
or i'm always the last one to the party
you can't even party you are on prep
blessed to have seen aida. during intermission bought cast recording. 1 of my priced possessions. thx sista gyal!!
thank you...
well i hope you're still out there when i go! i'm going to see ginuwine but i'm staying at an airbnb
ah i see so you just coming for a weekend or something. ?
oliver stone's "snowden" worth seeing though fails to rise to the mythic level of snowden's great, heroic, monumental decision.
stone is a moron
that's how it used to be, so they basically just gave you a bone for taking rights away. gg
yeah, basically. yes, it sucks. i'm just playing their game 'cause i have no other choice.
feel blessed to have seen one of the most beautiful women onstage in the most inspiring production i've seen so far thank u
thanks for coming out to see us.
1300 schools are closed in 24 provinces, due to security problems. lackage of books, also. afghanistan
is there a source/link to any articles ?
an airport just for me?
you are definitely loved in jacksonville. love it
but no, keep casually dismissing it... i'm sure he'll recant.
nope i'm a racist. unrepentant. except i am a minority and by standards i can't be a racist.
hey, love outlook! missing tasks though. any gtd integrations would be super useful.
don't hesitate to share your requests to the support within the app. thanks!
just one of the beauties that is nyc. the chrysler building.
here's a shot i took recently.
omg. calls terror attack, "terror vandalism."
what ever will we do with those mischievous terrorist imps? *sigh*
catch me in the corner w my gallon of bcaas
appletini flavored at least you can pretend
just woke up from an 11 hour jet-lag induced slumber to read the news. scary stuff. city is silent right now -
a little too close for comfort this time. live on 27th and 3rd.
retired nypd commissioner bill bratton takes a place among america's legendary lawmen | via
boy did he time it right!
are you sitting down? maurizio : "america" opens tomorrow, 9/15, in one of the museum's public restrooms.
i'm so offended i don't even know what to say.
those titles though: 'global problems of population growth' 'frontiers and controversies in astrophysics' 'death' too excited.
wow, thanks, those look really fantastic
well i'm not black and i'm not supporting so i don't need to google it. i already know the truth
well thats good.
in art this fall, women win in a landslide tx for being radically smart!
had this marvelous painting in the exhibiut about 10 years ago and i have the poster
muslim obama's sxhool records showed obama was alien student!
stupid/politically correct getaldo, vandalism?liar hill investigates 4 1wk?
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
it should not cost me money to sign her birthday card. shame on you. this may be my deciding vote.
"when did you realize the birther story wasn't true?" "at the time you learned there was no evidence for the
giuliani said two to three years ago.
we have fb friends in common?
doubt it, wasnt serious love
sounds like a job for !
he's right, my site does this:
has deblasio blamed it on a video yet?
i am glad you think this is a joking matter. elect trump who just says its a bomb when no on has said this
game fuckin over!!!! shit just got real... spoke, everyone can pack they shit and go home now.
shit right?!? game just needs to give up now
imagine all the puggies living in harmony.........woof!!
what a fun walk we had!!
i think the troll here is you
yeah, back off, probably on twitter now, letting isis have it.
i'm about two and a half hours into paul bloom's three-part psychology series on the concept of the self and others. so good.
ooh! listening to the intro now, tempted to jump straight to "what happens when things go wrong" series
just watched a cat crawl from under a car and scurry into a bodega kitchen. the cook is unfazed. new york city.
now are you sure it was a cat or was it more like a cat sized rat?
deblasio,if he hasn't changed his name again,is a total waste of flesh!get rid of that asshole!
who's that? oh u mean our mayor diblowmeo
everyones doing iphone 7 videos who cares
american express gave me an iphone a few years back for being a customer for 20 years. i threw it in the rubbish bin.
a ground stop is in place at due to weather / low visibility
a ground stop for is no longer in effect
read and the band played on. authorities did nothing useful for aids patients early on.
i know. crisis could have been avoided. dr. david had best chance!
the fact that a significant % of this country supports djt is more troubling than anything he can do/say right now.
it's very troubling that anyone in their right mind can support trump knowing everything that we know about him!
23k from london lhr to new york jfk
*waves from new york*
my dad fought the nazis &amp; were he alive today, he'd knock you right on your ass for that meme now go away hateful bigot
i my grandfather fought against racist people like crooked trump
there is no way this was photoshop, right?
lol bad job of it too
situation in nyc isn't good. second device found. allegedly a pressure cooler w. tape/wires/cell device attached.
i think that's similar to the construct of the boston marathon bomb. ieds are not safe for anyone b/c they are so unpredictable
when have that muuuufucka turnt!!!!
can tell yall had a blast xoxoxxx g morning tho
the media and know terrorist attacks hurts sick hillary. they know she will bring terrorism to the u.s. and they support her.
why do want to invite your murderer into your house to kill you? that's what we're doing.
where?? nobody took pictures???
it was star trek mission ny. plenty of people took pics. :p
i *highly recommend* getting married. what an absolutely incredible day.
it's seriously the best.
"my best teachers were mess, failure, death, mistakes, and the people i hated, including myself." ~
have bought your books for three peeps last month.thank you for being. yes,simply being.
wants to wait until morning to see why someone would throw away a bomb in the trash...
who will vote for her is beyond me
you are a disgusting human being....you are a fear monger...and have a cruel heart.
&lt;---"defender of christianity" w/out the jesus part.
top of the morning to yall
hey there g morning xoxoxxx
you could almost say that sanders supporters got... berned. *rimshot*
revolution just starting.
ok! lets see if the courts grand vice the same access as they did citizen united!
i sure hope so
i don't like having to remind people to pay me. i been having to do it all week and it's irritating
especially when i did the service already and shit has been done.
great win for at byu! looking forward to 1- next week's showdown vs stanford 2- caffeine, once across utah state line
careful what u wish for, josh! that stanford team is really good!
all well and good, except that he was being serious.
yep i am a racist because a lib says so. i still am a minority so by lib rules i can't be racist
today september 18th is our 23rd birthday. she is the reason to keep...
happy bday angel! hope you and your sister have a terrific day!
"military spouses are smart, resilient, multitaskers...just absolutely incredible leaders." -the first lady
and their not voting dem!
oh your girl was so drunk or drugged she couldn't even keep her eyes open!
did you hear what she said. no more then we already knew. should of stayed asleep
own! *,* bom domingo, gata
they made it! bom domingo mozi
his heart probably stopped.
me tonight with some captain.
i'm about two and a half hours into paul bloom's three-part psychology series on the concept of the self and others. so good.
"if you are in the witness protection program, or some sort of fugitive, you probably don't want to sit in the 1st row" :d
breaking!!! collapsing hillary clinton heavily sedated as she responds to donald trump comment &amp;
sorry she can in no way shape or form be president.
especially when i did the service already and shit has been done.
i am waiting on five invoices and i am about to spazz out if they don't get here by the end of the week.
glad my dawg pulled me to bklyn for the turn up. mad i missed the event with youngstas earlier
i appreciate y'all coming out let's connect soon
not just there. bombs in nj and va. stabbings in mn, more stabbing a in pa. other stuff
jesus christ , i just woke up and am trying to catch up with this stuff. god almighty
on behalf of my fellow new yorkers, fuck you donald trump for hoping that terror struck my great state so you could gain politically from it
everything is about him. not once did he say i hope everyone was ok
mt : obama: 'in order to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists' we must alter the constitution.
my god... this slimy scumbag will stop at nothing to wreck this country's constitution!
geraldo terror vandalism? one of the dumbest things i've ever heard. 29 people injured would probably think differently
i was there . felt like vandalism
bro i hope you're ok !!!
thanks isha. i'm safe.
not just there. bombs in nj and va. stabbings in mn, more stabbing a in pa. other stuff
also that just makes "other stuff" sound hella ominous
i'm unclear on the concept of why fallon showcased trump in a way that made him seem--to young audience--playful. he's playful as the grave.
fallon is a sophmoric host.
i am waiting on five invoices and i am about to spazz out if they don't get here by the end of the week.
like why the fuck we do a shoot or something and you have to wait months to get paid like the fuck is that ?
you are aware of the multiple assets. trump has in nyc? namely his family. are you kidding?
did you hear what he said last night of do you just stick your head in the sand everytime he lies?
you're so talented it was amazing sad i was the only brother in their though
thank you for spending a percentage of your life checking it out!
i love his vibe as an orator. compelling without being obnoxious, funny but not over the top with it, really accessible.
for real, i'm enjoying his intro way more than i should be, that ... i'm excited to be back in school feeling?
uh, it's on the hudson river? that was easy.
no not the hudson... a feder stream though
so i guess every sentence now must begin with "so."
only the sentences that don't begin "look,"
stop being childish and pop that titty out
very exotic and sexy annnnd somewhat classy, too!
&amp;pepper ncos from the @ community day tribute to fallen detectives.liu &amp; ramos
the crime dog @ community day tribute to fallen detectives liu &amp; ramos
she's a hater ....
woahhhh simmer down now
just saw your snap chat! hope you are ok
thanks so much niamh! i'm not too bad now thank god! :)
uh, it's on the hudson river? that was easy.
no not the hudson. too narrow
appalling: clinton foundation spent more on travel expenses than charity
that is a total and complete lie. msm is dishonest, but random alt-rw, that is where the truth is???
by 2030, we need to end preventable deaths of newborns and children under 5. i support
everyone agrees but how?
is it just me who is surprised that redmond seems to be first choice striker &amp; the other 3 are competing to play with him?
why force a square peg in a round hole? austin and co can't be inspired by that choice
it was so lovely!! we are long long overdue a milkshake together &lt;3
awh gosh where are the years going! i miss our a+h fam!
to clarify, do you mean package on 27th st? and package was a briefcase with garbage inside?
no determination has been made (yet) on 27th street. a separate, unrelated suspicious package was cleared at 28 &amp; 5
fox news' o'reilly: "every african-american i know has an id" via
oreilly has no clue about aa, mostly because all he knows are rich people
does hillary clinton have a sidney blumenthal problem?
not her only problem.
this will make you laugh. manny pacquiao says he still feels he won the floyd mayweather jr fight.
tell you what is not funny, how expensive the fight was just to watch money run and hold most of the fight.
it sure didn't take long for to look exhausted again. she's a wreck.
before i read your tweet and played the video thats the first thing i said. she looks like shes dying
dems, repubs both shocked when they learn why obama just gave mexico $75 million
$75 million to be added to the bill to mexico for the wall.
excuse me while i faint.
do you think he knows how beautiful he is? and he's not even my type lol
will be president in a couple of months and all this shit will stop!
yeah and unicorns will fart rainbows
i'm gonna start passing on these 7-730am matches and just get my sleep. this is not worth watching .
back to back loses bad
midnight malmon madness. have you heard about the midnight malmons?
do not feed midnight malmons
not terrorism two bombs in new york it's not terrorism diblasio????
to the media, it was a bomb and there were two bombs . to the media, trump ahead hillary is not .
ya i know you were over there a little while ago. be safe bro.
always man. last deployment was shit. say in iraq but never did shit. hopefully it's different this time
lot of gray swans this morning.
feeling safe in the world is an anacronym.
watch who you fuck with and never ever trust a nigga for nothing
alright gina wit the hoodie i see you
nothing suspicious about buying a $600k house, sorry.
bought with jane's inheritance.
aren't all intentional acts of violence on innocents terrorism?
without question
and maybe give some thought into which environments, people, activities etc bring out the better you in you.
meeting someone, whoever &amp; wherever, sharing a thought of inspiration- that brings out the best of oneself.
dear america, please use your . a bomb intentionally set to cause 'terror' is terrorism.
so what if someone sets off a bucket of m80s? that's terrorism? loud motorcycles are also terrorism
*tips invisible cap*
you're wearing that thing backwards
are you and the family ok!?!?!
we are ok! thanks so much for asking. scary news to wake up to this morning.
.: we believe at this point and time this was an intentional act.
you think? moron
iphone 7 observation: it only registers a home button press if you touch the capacitive touchid ring. in particular, fingernails don't work.
i pretty regularly hit it with my thumbnail and now this does nothing.
the time you spent composing this tweet could have been spent phonebanking.
it took me about 5 seconds, so probably not. also, it's silly to assume that commentary is the enemy of action.
super gorgeous
pretty eyes :)
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
trump says this about you. you still take him seriously.
no question lets make that happen
i didn't get a chance to build i was on dj duties
nancy pelosi blames clinton's lousy poll numbers on third-party candidates
blame hrc corruption.
i'm on my way to the !!! representing at the digital media lounge!
awesome! rock it hard babe.. see you later
again, untrue. racism is not a trait exclusive to white folk.
according to rules on minorities i can't be racist.
more on chelsea blast: 11 injured in explosion released from hospital
idea of feeling safe in the world is an anacronym.
the restaurant they go to after leaving the hospital? (just watched that one)
yep, that's the one. &amp;
mayor last night: "no evidence at this point of a terror connection." next news conference at 12pm
likely newser at 12. we will let you know as soon as it formally scheduled.
many seem to be giving hrc a pass for calling nyc explosion a bombing before official word of cause. not as forgiving when trump did same.
no not the way it happened
notice how the same people that were confused by x1s &amp; scorpio aren't by ps4 ps4 revision ps4 pro ps vr you're a bunch of hypocrites
i haven't heard the word confused once. i'm confused why they were confused about a slim xb1 and scorpio but not this?
live on : pete and bags on the way to the track
i love bagman's facial expressions when makes questionable comments lol
the media pushed the theory trump tapped into a reservoir of economic uncertainty among his supporters but it was racism.
exactly, media pushed economy theory. there is some economic anxiety, but trump's rise is fueled by racial resentment and hatred.
aleppo residents venture out, enjoy rare calm afforded by cease-fire, but few believe it will hold.
feeling safe in the world is an anacronym.
not a fan of elon and his self driving car thing.... like heston ... gonna have to pry the wheel from my cold dead hands
i agree about the cars but don't ignore hyperloop -- the best idea he has going for him.
thanks. still on for noon update?
as soon as we have it scheduled we will let you know.
walk-off citi! hit two extra inning home runs to help us battle back twice to defeat minnesota 3-2.
way to go grandy!!!!! too bad yankees didn't keep you. now, they're out..... keep it going in the playoffs!!!!!
really working the edges here... i'd say uzomah.
oh man. right as my united go down you tell me about edges. this is gonna be a horrible sports sunday
absolute shit.
mourinho, specialist in failure
it can be done, though i'm blanking out on package names. try demos in base r.
i found rml which seems to do half way decently. it's just a big disappointment - imagine if ggplot did 3d! no competition
i'm on my way to the !!! representing at the digital media lounge!
carrying the gospel with me because
.you are just being mean sending this tweet - trying to discourage me from helping others ....
greta no one thinks your on par with lowlife clintons. every dog has their day! they will have their's.
why are there any liberals supporting gary johnson?
a: you can be a liberal &amp; an idiot as well. besides fact that johnson would dismantle greatest gov't on earth, you get trump.
with references like that, along with multiple sesame street references and pokes at kevin smith, i think i'm going to like it a lot.
it's great. gets even better in the second season.
i've got an a4 pad and note-taking hand ready to go. i didn't have time to finish my degree, i'm gonna rinse the history ones
hell, yeah! i often wonder what a rich education would be like, this is very cool.
so ready to be back on the field with my bothers
have u been cleared to practice
adventure thread
morning vibes, still can't believe i woke up to this view
do you think the are better under kirby smart?
it's too early for me to tell... looks like a lot of the same so far... miami is better under richt than golden
excited to be heading to nyc to join visit; c u soon
we're here waiting ! reunion with (plus new friends to be made) this evening :)
people are just about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
attitude is important, but so is circumstance.
love your blog. what time on sat is ?
thank you kaarin. it was yesterday. sorry. someone must have retweeted it today.
. tweaks over manhattan blast response | ap photo
hillary looks like a bomb went off in her drawers!
looking forward to picking up the s next week so much in a tiny box
i really love mine. the 4k upscale is nice and console looks much better than original xb1. new controller also good
chicago saturday: 4 dead, 15 wounded in shootings across chicago
and that's just one block??
it is horrible how people are.
i mean, the hell? is this what we've become?
rt &amp; follow to win a $100 giftcard to ends at 34k
ugh want this so so bad
trump hits new high in la times daily tracking poll, now leads by nearly seven points
trump has now hit the ceiling more times than bill clinton in a porno theater.
, how will attendees be able to submit first pages? thanks for the info!
hi dani! we requested from early bookers. will put out another call soon.
a long,long way from our figures for 2015,or 2016,for that matter.unheard of historically.(my note in case of error).
as long as we have a car-koch-oil-sprawl economy we will continue to stagnate i think.
how i feel when i wake up on sunday, looking forward to the games
how do you feel about declaring free last night?
the party switch did happen. bleating gop propaganda points makes you no less wrong.
oh that old saw. there was a switch except it was &lt;1 %.
hillary's master plan | political cartoon | a.f. branco
. : border guards doubled, illegal immigration cut in half. big success. unempl. cut in half. deficit reduced
sweatshirt by jacob sartorius
that's a good one omg thank u
"feels like i've reached a point in my life where i have a duty, if not an obligation, to finally listen to daft punk" - 8:51 am, c train
this tweet was brought to you by graduation - kanye west every morning in my commute to work
at this time, 25 confirmed wounded but none with life-threatening injuries. actively monitoring situation.
when can residents go back home to 23/6? thank you for all your work solving this just need this info so i can go home
so glad you're ok!
thank you!!
and when someone gives me a reason to think otherwise i will feel differently. as of right now? disappointed.
i respect that i hope for good things
business meeting in our cornell hideaway with &amp; the new 's contract boy
as in upstate ny?
i'd love to chat with trump about how black people are all "living in poverty" but i can't decide which of my houses we should meet at.
another dopey lib destroying their own bullshit narrative.
yea just a couple of days because i have to come back to work
ah ok. grind never stops. that's good to hear. i'll def try my best to be when u come
celtic starting xi to face inverness ct. (mn)
great to see big man jozo back in the squad. hail! hail!
at farewell speech to unga tuesday, pres. obama seeks to define his global legacy
like hillary avoids the truth about benghazi, he will avoid responsibility for the thousands killed &amp; millions of refugees.
isn't this how they did it myst?
*in myst. we're cats and we're typing without thumbs. shhh.
hi lex where you been missed you
***so pretty, this.thanks virgil, all's well, just cleaning out closets..talktysoon...***
...you can't get away from the true history of the democrat party..
forget it. he is
hey what's good mama happy sunday
awaiting some music from u know u been such a busy body xoxoxxx
anyone with any information regarding the explosion in chelsea , please contact 800-577-tips
when can residents go back home? they won't let us through to 23/6? thanks again for your work here.
in a time of relaxing gun laws, where you can open carry in 45 states, even a trip to walmart can require an ar-15.
sad story- he lost his health and his ability to work, so tries to recoup his losses by arming himself. he needs therapy
there are too many neuroscientists. soon there will be several neuroscientists per neuron in the human brain and we'll have to share :-(
and the top 1% of neuroscientists will control 90% of the neurons in this country
like hillary avoids the truth about benghazi, he will avoid responsibility for the thousands killed &amp; millions of refugees.
this was on his watch with hillary as our international representative. these people are all frauds at our expense
hated to hear this last night. how close is this to you?
it was horrible to hear, i am not very close to chelsea
icymi: there was a "he did what?!" catch in ohio state's win at ou that you absolutely must see.
catch of the year no(ah) doubt
if you have a radar, let me know!
it seems that the sierra dyloader has some hard coded limits on sum of lengths of dyn paths?
good situation last night man it was dope definitely gotta build
i'm around the next couple of weeks then i'm in oakland and la
i might have taken slight liberties with 's end-of-conference announcements
ok. are you still in nyc saturday night or sunday lunch. can't do large groups but would love to
you are not around that blast area are you??
***no, about 55 or so blox north, thanks, virge..***
a dozen ways to apply the lessons taught in the book "the most important thing" by howard marks
ha, i'm reading this right now!
dems need to stfu and let the obamas do all the talking until election day.
got that right! ha!
it's depressing that i can't search to get any actual news. instead it's all partisan hot takes
i'm just trying to find out how to get back home &amp; what happened. all i see is hate coming from donald trump bots
if only he had a foreign policy as good as his speeches.
mass murder pillager baby killer bush on steroid unaccountable. if i was his kids and found out his real self.
bow down to your mistress...book a session today! live and skype. 727-755-8212 5 roses/min
you really are beautiful
something weird happened last night.
thanks so much for writing this, take care.
great surgery! isn't it nice to enjoy the show again?
yes!! i was so rude to my guests 2 days in a row! lol although nicole watched the sabrina death and was like: soapy!!
just fucking once i'd like for life to not be a giant piece of shit
awe, kelly! god damn. i fucking hear ya, girl! thought of this just for you. hope it makes you smile.
can't go to australia then mate
it didnt do well in the united kingdom at first too because the word "pepper" use to be slang for prostitute there. lol
oh, wait... my bad! they're the party of states rights. how silly of me... lmao
wow a liberal who understands a limited federal gov't? who knew
the far left i have found scares me as much as the far right. very disturbing.
they are very similar to the tea party, sad to see
which bodega? coordinates please :) thank you!
it's s &amp;j on crescent near 30th ave!
if only he had a foreign policy as good as his speeches.
if i was his kids and found out his real self i most likely would go psychotic
cory booker: republicans are outraged over trump
why don't these idiots focus on their mistakes? aca under collapse, lousy economy, corruption &amp; failing economies under socialism
idec at this point. i bootlegged it the day it dropped
how????????????
alheyyyy i want to modela the munchkin too.never seen a bond this loabi "so much ingey"!! cutest
send me that video please. "so much ingey"! i need that in my life.
100% motivated to do nothing today.......cause it's sunday
nice way to start the day!!
hey jimmy! outta curiosity do you think lay n pray going into the final round is a bad choice to make for a fighter?
ya know since you don't know what the judges might be looking at or how they scored the rounds prior
where is this place must know
s&amp; j on crescent near 30th ave!
what fiasco? it was nearly brilliant. media (and as a consequence the viewing public) got played, plain and simple.
trump has been playing people since the 1970s, shame most aren't bright enough to realize it
i love nyc my fave thing to do us to just soak up the atmosphere!
that is really fun to do too! the city is always so alive and the people so unique!
repurposing dollars from failed workforce development programs to , work live &amp; ownership
onnly way 2 compete w/ countries like &amp; countries that fund their citizens
why don't these idiots focus on their mistakes? aca under collapse, lousy economy, corruption &amp; failing economies under socialism
this guy is just another opportunist on the left that will become a millionaire while claiming to be serving us. like reed &amp; pelosi
i want everyone wasted and puking all over the upper east side on my wedding... so no cake... more booze
we need to be hammered since we're it.
i can vouch for michael - couldn't be further from a racist. that word is overused &amp; misused.
he won't understand. he's a lib so instantly in a racist.
great job by our student section tonight! we had a great home crowd and they were a huge reason for the noise and the "w" thank you!
we can't wait to be a part of that crowd in a few weeks!!!! we will be cheering loud for the great danes!!!!
thank you so much,
you're more than welcome
you never really find out how much of a weak bitch you are until you fall in love wow
literally
based on number of prior attacks since 9/11, more likely this was right wing christian terror
i've never heard that narrative before... it isn't isis must be christians?
is the insinuation that trump announced the bomb before officials that he knew about it or was just being recklessly presumptive?
he *probably* was just being a presumptive cock, but it's possible someone w/ intel briefed/leaked to him.
it is awfully long, but i like it!
we could shorten it to greenieham ?
hahaha someone blocked me last night over my rant! this is why i tend to just keep it to myself. can't have opinions anymore...
nonsense. dont fear getting blocked. those that matter dont mind, and those that mind dont matter
minnesota mall attacker referenced allah before rampage
i am sure obama and the hacks in the liberal media will not take responsibility for these acts happening under their watch.
mayor de blasio trying to double talk his way out of another failure
hahahaha priceless
watching my mom trying to figure out ios 10
(with slam effect)
all you third party voters, if hrc withdrew tomorrow, would you still be happy with your decision?!
who wants to hand vladimir putin the white house by proxy?
what is your theory on why paul is killing? i think susan died when or shortly after she was raped and he just broke.
i think she's being held and may need the medicine that hammy finn takes and he has to shut down to save her?
last night i dreamt that i threw a party @ the museum of natural history. shit was lit. whole time i was ciphin' in the hall of ocean life
i used to cut school in the museum of natural history thanks to gems exhibition i passed my earth science regents
if you want to go to college or are saddled with student debt, you'll want to read what has to say:
the government should regulate the salaries of all those dopey liberal propaganda-spouting professors.
our veterans-especially prisoners of war and those missing in action-deserve nothing less than our utmost respect.
thank you for running with hillary
well thank you very much - and, hello.
hello amy, thank you! great lessons in ne-go-see-ations.
never, ever believed in the hs stars bs rating....you can coach'em up or not to be a cfb player
all i am saying is he's a work in progress
and how can you prove your character?
lol don't have too.
repurposing dollars from failed workforce development programs to , work live &amp; ownership
must be vs. t/ costly &amp; time consuming pass throughs 2 &amp; due 2 cycle
ol was horrid.....it's been ufs weakness for years
mac said it himself, the ol was fine, i thought it was better yesterday than vs umass
very important story by : donald trump's anything-goes campaign sets an alarming political precedent
"washington won't be the same when he's done."-gingrich. yes, change is always for the better. berlin after hitler?
this is dumb, social media doesn't portray their actual relationship. he could've cheated and not broadcasted it
hes tight
why does my window have to face the woods and not the campus? i'm missing so much good entertainment.
but at least it should be quieter at night for sleeping
deblasio is the worst thing to ever happen to ny! rudy was the best!
you mean diblowmeo?
dat lil shit is a lil too crowded for me
i've listened to mecca and the soul brother twice since thursday and i forgot how dope that album was a 5 star classic
i am sure obama and the hacks in the liberal media will not take responsibility for these acts happening under their watch.
they will actually focus more on the reaction of the hard working taxpaying parents to find an opportunity f/ social exploitation
i have no idea how this team is losing. can't pinpoint what is wrong. we look lethargic and slow.
think it's time for a 4-5-1 with 3 in front of the defence.
our reporter, , goes for a spin in a self-driving uber car. "for most of the ride, i rarely felt unsafe."
i don't get the rush we're in for this. seems unnecessary and unready.
we stopped by on friday. great event and as always great community.
i don't think i'm going to make it...+ so many barista's in trouble and not able to help ...
"in many ways the performances of donald remind me of male chimpanzees and their dominance rituals." -- anthropologist jane goodall
"the more vigorous and imaginative the display, the faster the individual is likely to rise in the hierarchy."
happy birthday have fun today
thank youuuuu
my niece lives on 3rd, haven't heard from her though.
the explosion was on 6th ave so she's probably fine, glad to hear no one had life threatening injuries
obama says it's a 'personal insult' if black voters don't back clinton black people are insulted by your comment
why does think all black people are stupid &amp; will follow him blindly. they have brains!
i can vouch 4 his character, and i'd give u the benefit of the doubt as well. why rush to judge?
i vouch for adina. so now do believe us.
"successfully fighting the enemy inside" leadership best from general on at
when you invite the un vetted enemy in..you hasten your fall and death...
folks, we appreciate the retweet! visit us for books, great pics &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music:
thanks for the retweet, friends! we have goodies! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" now at
only thing tv doctors love more than a romantic plot is getting you to a real doctor.
too funny an ad
can the upcoming u.s. presidential debates be civil?
gag him and they will be.
screw 3am: hillary doesn't have enough strength or stamina to respond to even an 8 pm attack.
looks like she is going to fall over
how do you know what a real american is, hussein? were you even born here?
born here and worked with usmil on ct. service and defense of country knows no race. it's called america.
this one should come with discount coupon for an angiogram and angioplasty
gretai have a cousin a top cardiologist, does 10 stents a day. you would not believe his diet! &amp;cheese
trump threatens lawsuit against slanted new york times
boy named sue named schlong.
yikes, be safe
thanks charles!
i be swearing everyone hacks shit, my bad . i'll send it to you later
thank you. you going to festival today
4 star: philip575 "having been disappointed with the motel recommendation of captain george's, we struck out on...
why would a local motel suggest the chain of capt. george's?!? that's not right
just saw this. :( prayers from idaho mary. ((hugs))
thanks sheleen
that was one great thing about deis, the neighborhood was full of stuff to do/eat
you went to brandeis??
lol. like this fucknozzle would know what a real american was.
constitution is pretty clear. i qualify. you don't like it, go back to where you came from.
i have several, but miami hurricanes are my !
it's a canes thing
i'm not starting with stupidity today. i was saying didn't want sharia law to kill all my gay people. if your brains are too small
stupidity is saying you were gay bashed. a gay person pointing out your homophobia is not gay bashing - learn the word.
craig cathcart created more chances (1) from open play today than wayne rooney (0). craig. cathcart.
face it: england is not an elite soccer power. they're one step above the us. and that's not saying very much.
cell phone wired pressure cooker? probably just something someone threw away sincerely mayor de blasio
hahahahhaa you're hysterical lol... it's like "oops i lost my pressure cooker" ::finds it on cnn hours later::
nice! it's always sunny on the flat earth. because, on the flat earth, the sun never sets.
now you see the sun is a like a big flashlight &amp; the moon is a littler flashlight and they go about in these crazy figure 8's...
obama says he would consider low turnout by black voters 'a personal insult'
let's insult the clown that under his watch more blacks achieved poverty status &amp; thousands killed in the middle east
is a popular community... muhammad cursed gays &amp; said whoever is caught in a homosexual act should be killed!
terrorist's goal is to spread fear...who is allowing g all these un vetted into our country???? president obama
be conscious of jesus being with u. he'll lead and guide u in whatever u do! u'll begin to walk in his unmerited favor, peace and wisdom.
draw me nearer blessed lord.
anyone esle have a chicken pot pie and a monster at 530am this morning?
only the best of us
its game day
yeeehaww!! go broncos!!
trying out some new hobbies.
horses have the best names!
mmm, manipulation of the masses is the most common theory i believe
sad truth..
mourinho's meltdown is gonna be hilarious, isn't it?
well he should be angry. clearly the officials are against him. how else could pogba be so shit?
that's why i chose that photo
i think i met that guy on the left
heresay. i desire better means of verifying your character.
ok i'm not a so therefore i'm not a racist.
this week i will leave for the united nations general assembly where i will meet with world leaders including from african countries.
invite us, the young ambitious israeli student who live in ny and are fighting every day to stand for israel!
screw 3am: hillary doesn't have enough strength or stamina to respond to even an 8 pm attack.
not sure about that. however, if secret code was a couple coughs then ................
ooh, i have a rewrite for a thing i wrote yesterday.
h! inmean, i got it, why didn't others?
that's why i'm voting for - she walks the talk. love &amp; donate, i'm all green!
playing w/yr jill doll on the tracks is yr choice,but yr tied to innocent ppl.
not normal behavior for major-party nominee to talk this way about respected public servant for r and d presidents
you are extraordinarily blind. the people do not want a "normal" major party nominee. that's why they chose trump.
1/ one of the dumbest things trump's ever said is pows aren't heroes for being captured. that's not the damn point.
since when has that man made a logical point? master of illogic is his degree with minor in lying.
it does have values though, and islam doesn't align with those.
i didn't know islam was a person. nor did i know that when jefferson wrote that he conceived of a nation where a muslim could 1/2
attacking for saying going to blowup in face
every normal person knew it was a bomb! except hrc with her single digit iq.
not all new yorkers feel that way.
after experiencing 9/11, up close, i resolved not to live in fear.
let's insult the clown that under his watch more blacks achieved poverty status &amp; thousands killed in the middle east
when the reality about aca sinks in, all of us will be negatively affected. insurance companies will have millions for speeches
you guys doing ok today?
we are fine, just pooped from being tourists x
one: how much time have you spent checking its progress and responding to mentions?
we seem to be spending our morning the same way. also, who, exactly, do you think that tweet is "snidely attacking"?
ugh. there is no historic character of the van ness corridor to protect ... except for maybe tommy's joynt.
the "ribbon of light"!!! sure vanness, sure
it does have values though, and islam doesn't align with those.
could be president that he agreed with you.
good morning! on my way to the
joining the master classes ? missed you at
not normal behavior for major-party nominee to talk this way about respected public servant for r and d presidents
do you care at all about the people want, or do you simply want to declare to them what they must want, i.e., what you want?
your next move can't erase your past move
philosophical
i'm not starting with stupidity today. i was saying didn't want sharia law to kill all my gay people. if your brains are too small
this is gay bashing. a gay couple beaten at a trump rally. how dare you claim this happened to you.
breaking: mayor bill deblasio had been spotted on the beach.
another useless career corrupt politician ..
dumbest thing on the internet this week....you are a bozo. not helpful.
name calling from a small town. let's get facts before supporting police state.
i think you'll really like the video, esp the piece on temp tracks. no wonder soundtracks for action films have a sameness
its a good piece- though having two versions of it playing at the same time is odd
tried givin dis piece o shit a chance this morn..honestly dunkin y u do dis to me
this makes me want to throw up, i'm bringing us back bagels and cream today
not normal behavior for major-party nominee to talk this way about respected public servant for r and d presidents
would you like to institutionalize trump, to medicate him and make him "normal," along with all his voters?
glad you're all ok, stay safe x
yeah, sorry didn't really register what you were saying last night! thank you, we shall c
thank u omg
you got to hear my beliebers in person
haha! taiwanese news animates hillary's fall "thrown in like a side of beef"
redefines my notion of beef jerky.
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
nation needs a true leader for american spirit
hmmmm. wondering where all that money goes in healthcare/tuition....sure doesn't go to teachers or docs or nurses....
i hear that insurance companies, the middleman between patients &amp; providers, have been doing well for decades.
when the reality about aca sinks in, all of us will be negatively affected. insurance companies will have millions for speeches
the same goes with alternative energy. we will give up what is left of our lifestyle, to pay for more speeches.
so according to all bt pundits, you can head a keeper's arm, getting him to drop the ball, and it's a goal?
it should of been a goal for negreanu. anything else it's a foul. no way it's an on goal cause that indicates interference
hey tony just wondering when do tinh come out cus i really enjoy them and i think your really funny
i try to put me out one a week on thursday or friday, but it also depends on how many other vids/projects im working on!
join us weds. sept. 21st 7p: google ventures, the sprint!
. so jealous! we in &amp; want a google ventures, the sprint programs :) go head, do t/damn thang! yasss!
btw, cnn cut out the part where she calls it "bombings" but leaves the part where she criticizes trump.
that's cnn so biased watching em makes me sick they must be bought &amp; paid for by clinton foundation
hip hip hooray! i got gay bashed because i don't want hillary bringing sharia law into the states. keep up good work
it's sad you take a word like gay bashed - something that is real and belittle that word.
was it here comes the flood? i just remember the rhythm timed perfectly with the movement
online piece said last temptation
yes my nigga we dead had a music class together
smfh.... high school was a blurrr to me. i was hardly there but i did learn to play the theme song to titanic
more ex-gitmo detainees returning to terror, as obama faces closure complications
who is importing un vetted terrorists ??? president obama and hillary..
your lawyer died thousands of centuries ago..look another one.
mr. gutierrez is alive and well, i'll have you know.
if u support trump at least support him knowing that he is in bed w putin, &amp; russia needs trump to win &amp; please at least wonder why this is
thus is not - support
if i gotta bring a bottle to your wedding, i'm not bringing a gift. again, we even.
a bottle cost $20 you can't bring that and a gift? you don't need to be at my wedding anyway
thank you for including me in your article. i'm very honored and humbled. looking forward to seeing you soon!
my pleasure my friend.
that's gon be yall gift then
a bottle cost $20 you can't bring that and a gift? you don't need to be at my wedding anyway
kasich rules out voting for clinton but 'no closer' to voting for trump | ap photo
the uss pollack is sinking!
happy birthday to the most handsome tennis writer / tv personality / fashion blogger / morning copilot
thanks choochie!
i experienced it up close too. way close. not all of us were able to do that.
i work a few blocks from the wtc.
hope you and your loved ones all ok
thank you! all are fine, but it was scary. a second device was found right outside my building! hopefully that's the last of it.
the guy at dunkin messed up my order twice and i felt bad so i'm just dealing with coffee that i don't like right now
ur life is so hard
raider nation is up today no worries
just passed the coliseum lol hella people waiting to get in
sad to say i'm old enough to remember the bowery boys use to watch them saturday afternoons when i was a kid
--- bowery boys were a weekend staple (on kbhk 44) back in the 80's, right along side abbott and costello.
emergency alert sent about 'suspicious package' on west 27th st. b/w 6th &amp; 7th aves.
didn't receive any amber alert
how many are being beaten and killed in the by gop rhetoric
none stop deluding yourself with fabricated lies to brainwash you
can't wait for linds to move in for a couple weeks so i dont have to sleep alone :)
awh you're the bestest ever
the same goes with alternative energy. we will give up what is left of our lifestyle, to pay for more speeches.
obama and a few chosen ones, like the clinton's and gore will get filthy rich. few good looking actors will benefit as well
sleepy girl debates whether to buy more floral rompers
rule of thumb: never doze while buying clothes!
happy birthday areh! you're so nice ate nicey.
thank you
you ever think about corbin bleu and how he's doing? this is a serious mater.
my brother and i were just talking about jump in! last night, and we wondered the same thing.
trump isn't just breaking from america's political norms. he's making a mockery of them. my sunday story &gt;&gt;
where is this story?
she said the signs were there: he didn't want princess party &amp; didn't play with dolls. why didn't she say "girls can like pirates"?
or do some research and find out that there have been famous women pirates?
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
condolences!?! no one died you ass!
young women are shaving their heads both as a gender - and fashion - statement:
perhaps they are in the army? i will ask her when she comes over today for our cvrshoot +interview
i came from here, as did all my people from before this was a country. as for you, constitution will change.
didn't realize you were native american. what tribe? so you don't like the us constitution? why do you stay?
mayor beblasio: bomb explosion seems intentional. what? like someone flipped a bomb in the dumpster by accident?
right? i mean let's call it what it is..
team sky tue controversy: why one medical expert has real concerns
"marginal gains"
well, shit. sorry to hear it.
we basically played for the other bands who were on their phones, thankfully shayne and frank were there haha
mainstream media attacking trump for saying "bomb" last time i checked a pressure cooker w phone and gadgets attached is a bomb!
i've come to the conclusion the msm will attack trump for saying hello. that's how corrupt and biased they are!!
hope your having a great weekend. i just heard their was a explosion in ny it wasnt near you right? i hope not!
we're fine...thank u 4 thinking of us!
obama and a few chosen ones, like the clinton's and gore will get filthy rich. few good looking actors will benefit as well
we the people will pay. hi energy costs, high insurance costs, less mobility and our kids will never leave home.
bob gates has every redeeming quality you'd want your son to emulate. trump has not 1 &amp; hasn't conducted any aspect of his life with honor.
gates worked for obama and, very closely, with clinton. he's responsible for their policies. if you support him, you support clinton.
you truly believe that jefferson or any of our founding fathers accepted islam and would allow muslims in this country?
there's a book called jefferson's qur'an that documents this pretty well, beyond the federalist papers which also talk about it.
president obama: i will consider it an insult to my legacy if we let trump follow me in office.
absolutely and most of us will too!
retweeted peter bordes (): new york explosion leaves dozens injured in chelsea ...
sad times for .
the media and know terrorist attacks hurts sick hillary. they know she will bring terrorism to the u.s. and they support her.
how sick is that!
don't we all?
you need him more than others lol
now playing: be without you (1) by -
brand new tune
you truly believe that jefferson or any of our founding fathers accepted islam and would allow muslims in this country?
american history and civics is actually pretty rich and complicated. that's why i'm proud to know my history.
happy birthday mommy! love you always
thank you pretty
thanks for the retweet &amp; , anne! visit us for books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music:
annie, i appreciate the ! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down at
how long were you to that location? i'm a few blocks away and got nothing
i got this alert at home in lic, but i was at 34th &amp; 3rd at the time of the explosion.
powerful blast injures at least 29 in manhattan; second device found
chelsea has 1 of the largest gay populations in nyc. islamists think homosexuality punishable by death.sure it's a coincidence..
yeah im so glad damnn whats your name btw?
my name is margo what about yours
you back or still in poland?
came back for the pipe bomb festival
happy birthday po ate nicey. may you continuously be happy in all aspects of your life. god bless ate
thank you god bless u din
so we ordinary working people went to work every day and paid our fair share so trump had money to live a grand lifestyle.
yes, exactly!
again, you don't get to judge anyone else's character but your own.
"take care of your own house before you fuck with the neighbors" -george carlin
er what? more weren't killed because of the 2nd amendment, if people had died it would have hurt him.
how did the 2nd amendment have to do with what happened?
we the people will pay. hi energy costs, high insurance costs, less mobility and our kids will never leave home.
but what do i know? i am not a hack at the service of the leftist for a handout. just a rude fucking deplorable &amp; proud.
leo is ten. he likes sport and iron man and has just come out as being gender non-binary. hear him tell his story.
can't both girls and boys like sports and ironman? this is horrifying. isn't any mind free to be curious about any subject?
trump fans are excited tonight. they're saying people getting hurt in helps their leader. that's all they care about. deplorable.
how does it help ignorant buffoon?
just too bored
just made and produced a song
what if the group ended with everyone 1-2 behind a 3-0 canada?
three way tie procedure goes by row, regulation wins, goal differential by goals scored to eliminate 1. h2h decides other.
now playing: be without you (1) by -
brand new tune
kasich: "very, very likely i will not" vote for trump
ohio lost mabufacturing jobs ?
dear america, please use your . a bomb intentionally set to cause 'terror' is terrorism. plain &amp; simple.
there is a belief, am9ngst most americans, that only muslims can create acts of terror, that is one reason for that statement
dropped shorts.
fucking hot!
bob gates has every redeeming quality you'd want your son to emulate. trump has not 1 &amp; hasn't conducted any aspect of his life with honor.
gates was a horrible cia director and history shows this unequivocally. the environment under him was "toxic" according to staff.
on everything young pull out a phone and its over lmao.
i hate
happy birthday i hope your year is filled with magic.
things are certainly starting off right with that gif! thanks
homesick // catfish a few errors but trying to perfect it
wow i'm in love w this
well be thinkin bout all you guys
couldn't agree more!!!
of course helped lower that bar for trump.
yes they did, unfortunately the public has been all to eager to support trump
panic in buffalo? will rex ryan win again?: six days and two games into the season, rex ryan fired his offens...
the nfl could care less about their fans..so why would i care about them...
early morning consideration of the possible tactical mistake of a champagne filled party the night before the festival morning
hoping this just makes me seem uncharacteristically chill today
we are in deep trouble.
hopefully we run the ball even more, this could be blessing in disguise.
happy birthday ate god bless you!
thank you
chris christie: "the birther issue is a done issue"
no it isn't since no formal apology has been given to &amp; until that happens it will always be an issue ~ period!
ooh, i have a rewrite for a thing i wrote yesterday.
there would have been nothin' left to do for someone less astute woulda been dead or destitute without a cent or shot to shoot
correction: i meant to say i did work in lower manhattan on 9/11. i'm in memphis now.
i gathered that from yr profile. where did you work in nyc?
thats cute im kinga also kim where r from?
thanks and i'm from the united states
now playing: be without you (1) by -
brand new tune
also got a chance to finally try some dessert from one of my favorite pastry chefs on instagram!...
you need to try my donuts
might sample this just for nostalgic purposes
i support this
yes, i'm an american native. america is my home, not yours.
you may want to work on your english skills if you're going to stay here and try to overthrow the american system.
how has nypd ruled out "terrorism"? they already know whoever planted this thing didn't have some sort of political or ideological aim?
or what do they mean when they say "terrorism"? only isis type groups?
this was msm plan -- trump destroyed their narrative but they're still plugging away. of course, voters do not care!
they can't talk about policies. she doesn't have any.
how do i get an invite for this event pls.
if you have unga accreditation, then i can help
dear america, please use your . a bomb intentionally set to cause 'terror' is terrorism. plain &amp; simple.
second reason is insurance. to claim terrorism, it kicks in a right for insured to claim terrorism ins. issuers don't want that
amusing: a period of unprecedented peace and prosperity (in us &amp; world) is considered by "a desperate era."
afghanistan, libya, iraq are "peace"? s&amp;l collapse is prosperity? dude, what planet are you on?
one lady said when the blast hit, she was thrown into the air, back down. amazing no one was killed.
wow, very scary!
thanks for following me, divya! good luck to you! visit us for good music, my books, photos, ideas at
we value your , divya! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down at
1.5 minutes into and i'm paused cause i'm already scared xd
blake is hot, the shark scenes sucked, but that seagull !!!
. and 's unlikeliest promises | ap photo
did hillary promise not to lie?
not flying across the country to bring my own bottle.
i know, you flying to see me get married. if you wanna get drunk bring a bottle!
me too! it just takes me back to being a teenager as well. just pure silly, never offended anyone
you're right! better times!
he's a mess as a governor. what happens when people don't vote.
so true and so sad
if you're wondering how fox news articulates that there is no sign of terrorism...
hooooooooly hell
i can clear a whole bag of skinny pop
holy avi
wht a disgusting comment 2 make 2 or abt any1. period! were injured last night in nyc frm a blast
the man is hoping for carnage to get elected. it is horribly clear to rationale thinkers.
hi ats!! happy bday po!! have a great day a head!! keep safe and.. yun lng po
thank you po
amusing: a period of unprecedented peace and prosperity (in us &amp; world) is considered by "a desperate era."
guess you'll be switching to democrat party and penning a book about how great obama is, huh?
's got to take a lot of medicine for the debilitating illness she doesn't have.
media props up hillary
chris christie: "the birther issue is a done issue"
it's not done until a formal apology to period!
what kind of secretary of state would sell 20% of our uranium to russia in exchange for donations?
. should address this at her next press conference she'll be more honest - won't she???
i am not afraid to walk outside of my dorm this morning. i am not afraid of the muslims i see in the village.
i am afraid of men that pass me on the street. i am afraid of those who open carry. i am afraid of climate change.
there's precious little else to do in that town.
yo gotta see the new brewery next time you come up
in need to know where can one find him/her/it..
it's a him. you can tell, because i said, "mr. guitierrez". you can't afford his retainer.
yoooo you was on it before niggas got into any x sports at all.
yeah lol... i remember rocking sbs and everyone was confused
thanks for jamming with us! what was your favorite part of the climb to the top of mount rock?
loved how you kept both dewey and zack's songs from the movie and the stick it to the man performance was off the chart my man!
i wonder which time was he lying? trump show your tax returns
. re: show your tax returns. | he's living in oz.
hillary: i'm with her obama: do it for me trump: i'm with you, the american people choose wisely, america.
trump is not for lgbt americans. gop platform regarding gays is from the 1950s. i am not going backward
now playing: be without you (1) by -
brand new tune
ny nj and mn. they are not saying these were terorist acts.....does anyone believe the media or our government anymore?
no they have lost all trust..
i have constant friend dates with my roommate- tomorrow we're going to ikea and then montauk
glad to hear you're ok man
cheers bretto
the six clinton foundation scandals everyone needs to know
this is what you need to know
so basically us needs to win out.
and, even if they do, if the three-way tie breaks against them, they still could be out.
can't both girls and boys like sports and ironman? this is horrifying. isn't any mind free to be curious about any subject?
i don't understand why having those interests makes her question her body, rather than the stereotypes about girls
happy birthday ate ! have fun and god bless.
thank you god bless u din
st cloud , nyc , nj all on eid al adha holiday and they can't say the words "terrorism" yet?
can we say "clueless"??? grrrrr
thought of you when i heard . glad you and yours are ok.
thanks fellas!!
only thing i'm missing is a warm cup of peppermint tea.
i'll have some ready for you when you get here &amp;counting
laughing in the face of your skipper is never a good look
shaking off posey is never a good look
the media gave donald trump platform to push racist birtherism for years, they can't let him sweep it under the rug:
they can't &amp; we got to hold them accountable!
cognitive bias cheat sheet: (1) too much info, (2) not enough meaning, (3) need to act fast, (4) what to remember.
as always, thanks so much
that's gotta hurt tho.
true, but at least it's a clean, non-sweaty, non-dehydrated kind of hurt.
yoooo you was on it before niggas got into any x sports at all.
we need to link up after i get back from dr on some real shit tho!!
how about a real independent medical report, ind investigation foundation, ws speech transcripts and 33k emails.
lets do it, comey is a hypocrite &amp; let her walk ! where do i get my "get out of jail free card"
i liked a video from max b wins appeal to shorten his sentence.. he'll be released from
word up bro wants new
you're amazing!!! straight to the top we go!!
to the moon, alice &gt; sorry, i mean jessica !!!
cnn edits hillary's embarrassing response to nyc bombing - fixed it right up
why do the repeatedly cover and obfuscate when they know they will get caught with their hands in the cookie jar?
mark 1:15 the time is fulfilled &amp; the kingdom of god is at hand; repent ye, and believe the gospel...."
for everyone in this life......sunrise will come...
he dropped a new album? lol
yes welcome back from the rock you've been living under lol
back when me n my brother was fat
girl that wagon i ain't mad at your progress though.
damn. this ad from clinton
her best marketing strategy could be that is all...
happy birthday to my lawton's!!! i hope u guys have a great day and i hope u guys are feeling better see u soon!
thanks boo love u
this moron has to go. the more he opens his mouth, the more he sounds obnoxious! josh get an honest job!
check again josh ernst " not josh earnest"
but breeland can't play zone.
yep. redskins ran a cover 3 shell most of last year, which requires the boundary corners to press
dozens injured in nyc blast: 29 hurt in explosion as pressure cooker found at 2nd site
who allowed all these un vetted into america ??? president obama and hillary ..putting america in harm's way...
can't both girls and boys like sports and ironman? this is horrifying. isn't any mind free to be curious about any subject?
this seems like the most anti-feminist idea ever. that girls who wonder about sports and ironman must literally stop being girls.
thank you for an amazing show tonight ! you brought your a game as always! my favorite
love this song especially having his dad on the piano.
where are the late gay bars at in london??
slow down now its still 9:25am in america
this is practically orwellian
how 'bout that bridge thing governor?
yep. redskins ran a cover 3 shell most of last year, which requires the boundary corners to press
norman not a fit
where do i sign up?!
if this is real we need this in our lives
overall, would you say it's worth the cost?
hard to say. it's not as if it's that much of a hardship to queue... and not all airlines support it. but probably yes.
wtf cnn did you make them stick their hand in a bowl of peeled grapes or something?
cuz they feel like eyeballs!
hey are you an amps for christ fan? i just realized i don't think i've ever heard them on wfmu
never really delved in but i'm sure they've gotten play on the station.
the story of debut!
you're such a great cheerleader, monica! thank you
heads up, if you click , you'll find absolutely no additional information on the incident but you will find lots of ppl to block
i just blocked a white supremacist - a first
responsible people don't comment (what happened in last night) until they know more details:...
the key word is responsible. ....
terrorists are once again giving pressure cookers a bad name.
it's come to the point where we need to have all pressure cookers registered and licensed.
so what's the fee really?
"no, money down!"
reminder: donald trump is actively rooting for the explosion in nyc to turn out to be a terrorist attack. let that sick reality sink in.
feeling safe in the world is an anacronym. trump caters2that fear.
yeah... welcome home!
missed me by a block but hey it's the thought that counts
nothing "low energy" about this. i feel secure.
she looks like she doesn't even give a crap.
thanks ted.
against you . there is a god.
a vote for trump is like saying, yeah, you know that whole revolution thing, trying to get away from a king, well we want the king back."
only this guy is far worse than a king. kings can sometimes be somewhat benign &amp; well-intentioned. tho i'm no monarchist.
church, then game
pray for a broncos win....
church, then game
and forgiveness for language!
using aluminum foil on your body can be really helpful
i use it for cleaning out my eyes and ears. here is the results:
the chinese consider it honorable to commit suicide by swallowing gold leaf.
what would you price joe's draft at? $8,000,000 seems fair for his effort.
niceeeeeee! *ellea
lmao. no not nice. swiping apps to "save battery" is just wrong. misinformation.
wow, i'm sorry but chris wallace very anti-trump and appeasing kaine this morning...i don't like the unfairness...really don't
disappointed campaign hasn't objected to all upcoming dncmedia debate moderators. "just say no" now.
we appreciate the retweet &amp; , folks! please follow back! visit us for music, books, pics, ideas :
we value your , friends! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down at
off for a pint to silently then loudly seethe.
while hearing rooney's evil laughs.
y'all ready for some fb .
hell yeah g!!! can't wait to watch those dirty broncos!!
patriots gameday
searching for the double-cupppped coffee on a cloudy sweatpants sunday
how many times does have to incite violence against 4 behavior to go from dangerous to criminal?
feeling safe in the world is an anacronym. trump caters2that fear.
lmao sorry i'm a loser what's it called
lmao clearly, the divine feminine
see ya soon but when i get there i'm tryna get that peanuts place again
okay okay we can get drunk at peanuts this time..
what would you price joe's draft at? $8,000,000 seems fair for his effort.
he is doing it to fuck us!
street closures due to the explosion in chelsea: 6 ave from 14-27 streets, 23 street from 5-7 aves &amp; 24-27 streets from broadway to 7 ave.
agents will have it covered
left in the dark: indy's deadly streets - via - no new streetlights for 35 years
they should check out this project in detroit crowdfunded on :
went to the tag to see if there was any more information, &amp; all i am getting is islamaphobia &amp; fear mongering. sad.
and lots of people to block
"please write the first chapter of moby dick in iambic pentameter on this whiteboard." interviewing writers like we do software developers.
i mean, the important thing isn't that it's *good* or they get it *right* or that the question is *realistic*! we just wanna se
. on : i do believe was trying to incite violence against
fortunately for mr kaine, you're allowed to be wrong in this country
i accidentally sent a questionable sticker to joey...
what sticker pack
ummmm what is that? also, pero bueno, y mi invitacion? lol
some popsicle drink from fridays.i had like 7 of them. safe to say i'm not young anymore . i'm always down for happy hour
i have no plans for that but innocent people charged and all have constitutional rights
is there anything on the planet ,except foxnews ?
trump lies/distorts clinton's immigration position in pitch to grieving families
because he's nothing but a professional conman brainwashing his flock!
if you believe the nomenclature: intentional act,you are not a deplorable you are an idiot.
how can we trust a corrupt doj to oversee theses terrorists acts???
bty, in our apex crm we use custom auth, is there any plan to enable custom auth for ords ?
i do not know. this would be a great question for &amp; .
&amp; i was spazzing for m o n t h s !!!!! i still spazz abt it when the thought arises. shit is surreal.
legend elite type shit lmfaooo
banned 1's just sitting in germany and switzerland
for retail? no way lol
how something could happen to someone doing what they love after training and sacrificing so much, pure heartbreaking to hear
because their are evil selfish and dont care who it is
here it is...it's roughly 4 seconds. guys haven't even stopped running. that's immediate.
always thought rule of thumb was ball isn't moving, thus "dead". that ball is still rolling
my friend, you can get rid of every reg there is and it won't change anything. gop gives huge tax brks to cos that export jobs
and, if you honestly believe trump will bring back jobs, be careful, he has a bridge from brooklyn to manhattan he'll seek you
new: lawmakers growing increasingly vocal for retaliation against russia
retaliate in ben-ghazi first ?
while you are likely right, oklahoma made it with one loss last year
lack of ccg + strength of sec, b1g, p12, acc &amp; hou seem like too much for b12 to overcome but yes, a loss isn't always fatal
church/pray,game/cuss bad
he gets it though
she's stoned or something!
i'm surprised she didn't collapse again.
...ok mike...if you say so.....fool...
i agree, hillary must be held accountable for starting birtherism
i do not know. this would be a great question for &amp; .
there's ways to do it but i'd need to know more of what you have is possible
a white trump supporter burnt down a mosque last week in florida. hard for some to believe but non-muslim white people do shitty things too.
what infuriates me is people think burning a mosque down doesn't qualify as terrorism. guess it had to blow up instead.
trump has sorta turned this entire campaign "into a form of twitter, where everything is equal &amp; shrunk down to the same size" --
excellent observation, now keep pushing fact-based journalism to counter the post-truth era. everyday. ever louder.
may your vote be the capstone of your work, your values, your fears, your hopes, your dreams. it's the puntito al final del sentence.
good morning, stay prideful. you're amazing
they clearly don't remember 2000 do they? i've been trying to tell them for half a year about this...they'll regret it
most of them were babies then. we need to keep telling them
he had the book so he knew what he was dealing with when he fought muslims in the first barbary war 1801
the book came out in the last couple of years and jefferson has been dead for some time.
not claiming responsibility but are said to be 'celebrating'. i will celebrate when we crush the sobs in mosul iraq &amp; syria.
tweeted that was a straight 'hood last night, so at least ain't ?
there are now 6.8 million millionaires in the us and, for the first time ever, one million people worth over $5 million. -
how many corrupt politicians?
you know me to well
of course i do...duh
sopressata egg and cheese anyone? (@ island of catan in brooklyn, ny)
is eat that.
that makes two of us.
truly the robot is a channel towards a higher state of awareness and being
ex-french president jacques chirac hospitalized for pulmonary infection, afp says.
is he happy with a new france ?
this isn't how this works.
ali, serious question. why are you becoming a media activist &amp; not the journalist that i follow? stop now!
it's only 6:30 in the morning and i'm so ready to be at the coliseum!!!! my second home.
ya baby... good morning
sopressata egg and cheese anyone? (@ island of catan in brooklyn, ny)
i'd eat that.
mike pence has no actual answer for these very basic questions on trump's birtherism.
timeline makes 0 sense-pence cites the mcclatchy guy's tweet. but that was after trump's event. what was the proof the campaign had?
i feel as though if you feel the need to constantly check the person who you're involved with social media,something is wrong w/i&amp;&amp; y'all
relationship
is hillary clinton healthy enough for the presidency? click here to take the poll now:
oh my fucking god how is this a debate
hey composers, when did it become prerequisite for vocals to be amplified? just a heads up - our training covers that issue pretty well.
is it always the composer? or the venue?
managed to just catch the scott dann goal. owe me one james tomkins goal.
give stoke another 20 minutes, they might give you 3 or 4!
i feel safer in nyc than in any other place on earth thanks to the nypd.
i've never felt safer! i work 3 blocks from the wtc for well over 30 year's.
. calls nyc explosions "bombings" then joins reporter in slamming for saying "bomb."
her open un vetted refugee policies with president obama caused this..
so what do look for? basically not to be bored and to be emotionally moved
i hope all of us already knew that, lol. i doubt anyone wants to be boring.
it'd be poor form to point out the current score of this canada - czech world cup game to . so i won't do that.
i'm glad you didn't, let's wait what comes next! did you go to yyz to see the game?
black voters turn to trump...
as freedom seekers and proud of their individuality &amp; heritage i can't see how they would go with hillary?
now playing: be without you (1) by -
brand new africa
this is the most worried i've seen the president, who i'm sure never thought trump could win a general.
no one has given him real odds until he was compared to his match - 2nd worst candidate ever
..i agree with you completely lady ashley, but i am still amazed america elected obama not once but twice! :-(
well when the rinos in the gop put up and the results were unavoidable = is
i'll be in next weekend. if you know anyone in the area that is looking to shoot let me know!
i'm down when you're back in ny!
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
~ what a jackass &amp; once again unfit to be potus!
thanks for mentions, another &amp; your support! have a great weekend, antwan! spend time with us at
antwan, your is appreciated! lorry's lens: central park. lorry captures its beauty. scroll down at
cnn msnbc are getting tangled up in words and definitions
as u know they would
black voters turn to trump...
that would be brainless rapist
boom! flattens uriah hall with a monster left hand to get the tko stoppage.
herb was a little early in that one
not bad but question, isn't it pretty much the same phone as the 6s? outside of the os upgrade
depending on what u upgrading from. iphone 7 plus has 2 rear cam. diff chip. diff home button. a lot of cool androidy features
. on : should be ashamed of himself for claiming is inciting violence against
democrats have no shame .they just want $$$$.
let's do this dc! come join at the verizon center on october 1st! grab tix:
fucked up my chance to screenshot declaring a free zone last night..
thanks for sharing jiri! how are things in the us? hope all is good!
it couldn't be better here! let me know if you come by! safe travels!
there's also a contingent of "blacks for trump" here.
impossible to ignore how existential to black american success is .so many brilliant minds wasted,uneducated
how can be ready for the 3 am phone call when she couldn't handle one at 11 pm?
by the looks of her it's just about over. she is gravely ill. no way she can hang in there until november.
this guy wants to go to the gym.
ready 2 get swole
etz chaim library and the ritman library are both in amsterdam. why are the dutch hogging all the esoteric knowledge!?
i wonder this all the time. what are they planning?
i've always known about my phone; just learned that it works on laptop!
probably faster to use built-in bindings like [option-e] + e = , but it's good to have options.
so when do the pats roll you out as gronk's replacement?
amazing tweet, could be soon... injuries abound: last week we had a schlaf man down after jimmy's 1st td!
"questions about hillary clinton's health are soaked in gender bias"
media props up hillary after her weekend at bernies
as freedom seekers and proud of their individuality &amp; heritage i can't see how they would go with hillary?
at the service of the leftist, once she gets their votes she will ignore them and push them into more dependency.
it's a slam against people who oppose trump but are considering voting third party. what other interpretation could there be?
yes. i think so-called "protest votes" for utterly unworthy candidates by people heedless of consequences are damaging...
lol asking if christie would accept trump's language from his kids. christie calls it "ridiculous" analogy
"tough question" hah.
did i miss the moment when david stockman became a monetary crackpot?
i was wondering the same thing. he seemed so sane for awhile there!
so suffers worst blowout loss of my lifetime, and loses to a d-ii school. but--life is still good.
i think the noles were mentally with you in sicily, so we can't blame obama for this loss, we have to blame you!
where is the pj fleck karate kick jim?!
. you like that?!?!
looking thru your tweets, angry, defensive &amp; quick to tell all to "leave the usa" if they disagree. you leave
you are clueless i love my country. apparently you don't go vote for hrc have a good life.
is "choose to attack with disadvantage for greater effect" a part of any class or monster in 5e ?
i believe the goblin boss has a feature where they attack at disadvantage to receive a multi attack.
i love my dirty broncos . my soft broncos didn't "punch back when they got punched in the face"-je
love that!! i want some knockouts today against indy. time to own them too
just listened to so hurtful brought chills and tears song of my life i love all the others but this one is my fav
we love that one so much!! it's super emotional, thanks for listening!!!
odd because they will suffer the most &amp; longest under a administration.
yes they will
i'm not slighting the fresh prince theme. it's one of the greatest jingles ever written which is incredibly hard to do
honestly, i think its "parents just don't understand" even if "summertime" is objectively better.
your thoughts captured in my "stanford medicine x 2016"
marie!!!!
reid: "meeting with judge garland is so difficult because this good man should be on the supreme court right now."
i'm a liberal progressive registered democrat, garland is a pablum compromise choice.glad &amp; hope he's never confirmed
while ocean kayaking, i managed to drop a man of war entirely across and wrapped around my arm. ow.
wow. couldn't you have just gotten a tattoo like the cool kids?
detox starts today
the lemonade master cleanse is my fave, but i always cheat w veggies
yes. i think so-called "protest votes" for utterly unworthy candidates by people heedless of consequences are damaging...
&amp; while i think gentle, patient wooing has value, it is by no means the only acceptable or productive form of commentary.
and her would-be head of homeland security.
career incompetent, corrupt politicians...
woke up thinking about the football game yesterday... unreal
it was a thing of beauty! shocked the world like the goat! congrats
all areas of the country with every division of racecar. promoters need to work together now more than ever.
i heard a rumor of something like that in the works for next year up here in ny. new sanctioning body for "thruway corridor"
the harvest moon before the fog came in and it disappeared.
thank you, tim! couldn't see it in sc. you always catch the beauty of everything! ty
have a beautiful sunday !!
boomerang it back to y'all too!
i'd eat that.
english muffin is lacking toastiness. three stars.
we need ideas, not insults. plans, not paranoia. we can't let 's legacy fall into the hands of someone who doesn't understand that.
if we do, we'll have a one-month term of president trump... this book shows how:
trump will create 'panic' in the markets, but david stockman says that's a good thing via
fear-based impetus is neither a measured or good thing.
i'm not slighting the fresh prince theme. it's one of the greatest jingles ever written which is incredibly hard to do
and "fresh prince theme" is more ubiquitous. "parents" feels like the quintessential will smith song in a very specific way.
i'll at work today bro..stressing cause i wanna,watch the game..do u know it twitter will be live streaming it?
i don't know bro my guess is no!
this murdering lying cheating white trash bitch has no business being president. she is unfit.
would someone please get this woman a real doctor. she is in medical crisis
trill williams 5 td's today at iona.
great game! video is saved on msg varsity live, watch last couple of mins for sure!
we've designed the web app with mobile use in mind. give edgar a try on your mobile browser--the experience will be geat!
a lot of mobile issues. like bouncing user back to the top of page every time you save a chg. especially frustrating on schedule
tell me: what would be possible if your student loan debt was canceled today?
if possible finally we can breath!
i'm more likely to preorder the album now that i've heard it
you're more custie than that
when you test, start the clock when you get in line, and note charging slow down lots when all bays occupied
remember to whom you're talking.
wow, then a muslim saved our economy, auto industry, banks, healthcare &amp; ur deplorable taxes lol u need to thank obama
jfk put a man on the moon, obama put a man in girls room, destroyed economy, wrecked healthcare, 500 black deaths in chicago
yes sir , getting a pair tomorrow , can't carry the box today into oktoberfest
shittt send me a pair i'll pay for whatever shipping costs and the shoe of course lol
at the service of the leftist, once she gets their votes she will ignore them and push them into more dependency.
the democrats know well that with blacks, latinos &amp; women enjoying prosperity they can't exploit them.
how come when you were in town i saw you and you were bumpin young ma in your whip smh
bro you sound like a high pitched girl when "i call her headphanieeee" come on b
who. is taking a cab for gg run
i am looking to share a car, what time and from where are you leaving ?
i'm not bashing get by a long shot
i know you weren't bashing i was talking about myself
there are two types of people.
is she feeding dicks???
go ahead, sleep with your kids
op ed or not, a very irresponsible piece.
"questions about hillary clinton's health are soaked in gender bias"
what is thereason for hillarys hugeover sizedwardrobe?
"why are you single?" because i'm crazy.
are you on drugs? you must be on drugs.
eleven o'clock at night and hillary clinton looked like roadkill. so inspirational.
looks like they woke her up from an ambien sleep.
the world but still they cant control islamic terrorism?who do they think they r trying to fool????
no one can ever control terrorism. however one can exploit terrorism and use it to benefit one's plans
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
see even u can spell when someone writes your tweets out for you.
need this in my life!
that's so smart!!!
taling the shortest flight ever to . see you all soon.
yes, the no-jet lag version of oow is a nice experience. :) have fun!
i love , santacruzcountyfair &amp; especially our fans for making tonight such a memorable...
my granddaughter danced at the fair also. i couldn't make it out there but i know you both did great! blessings to all!
why do you think an artist like tech n9ne hasn't been nominated for an award like a grammy award
1. i'm not sure how long tech's been a member of the recording academy. that definitely makes a difference.
that would be lovely! what time?
i should be available by 230 eastern.
chris christie: if subpoenaed, i would "of course" testify
translation: christie knows he won't be subpoenaed.
usa hockey leaves some of the best offensive players of the team, gets shut-out by europe. coincidence? i think not.
they need to change there way of doing buisness
why do you think an artist like tech n9ne hasn't been nominated for an award like a grammy award
2. i'm not sure how many academy members are hip to his music and movement. that matters the most.
white kids all across the country have far more easier access to a bball than inner city kids to a baseball.
black kids have far more access to hip hop. should hip hop change to accommodate suburban white kids?
that shit they did thursday for the jets game was official..they need to that with all the games
yup i think that's only for tnf
notre dame's playoff hopes are dead after losing to michigan state (by )
thankfully! does this mean that the national media will cover them as per their ranking?
with hrv reading it asks about alcohol at night. if i drink 1 beer at noon should i put "a little" or leave it at none?
normally i use "a little", there will be no effect but it's just to keep track
will it be available on android?
not at the moment unfortunately- much fragmentation
it's quite something to hear a sitting president say "democracy is on the ballot."
very important message!
gee thanks for the advice. googled hasn't exactly helped
you're not using it right
you woke up for nothing bro . 3-1 hahaha
lol i'm going back to sleep. i hope we will come back stronger.
mark dantonio. mike d'antoni is the nba coach
you got on my case for an apostrophe? you've got to have better things to do....
-i think it was more of a peyton jinx than broncos.everyone tight cause they want him to win?!
yes, i agree with that. that's why i'm anxious for this game and reverse the trend!
chris christie, with a straight face, tells trump hadn't brought up the birther issue since 2011.
wow what a whopper!!!
i know pays attention to charles town and mountaneer.. keep an eye open for my kids in a few years ;-)
you know we will juba
i didn't even know it was even today.
i only knew because of snapchat
i want to kill myself now. my adobe illustrator died.
ai is so hard to use though... useful but hard to use
i found the worst person alive
this person likes sports and they don't care who knows.
i did a twist out just now and i know my hair won't be dry come time to do things so imma have to go get a wig.
but was that your plan the whole time?
not to mention the robots, but takes courage. what will users say about losing 1/3 of their precious followers?
a win for all! less noise!
this wk we got the 1st look at 3 techs who set up hillary's 3 private servers.
looks are deceiving, but these are deceivers. how can any american company hire
why do you think an artist like tech n9ne hasn't been nominated for an award like a grammy award
he's moving in the right direction. fragile and hood go crazy went gold over the past two years. i know hes an academy member.
oh but we are miles ahead of you and i did not need the losses over the last week to know that.
i dunno if we are miles ahead o. me i just want to laugh today
is that ur house where u live
"live" is a strong word
calling for a little fantasy help today. sterling shephard against no, or desean jackson against dal?
i have a feeling sterling shepherd punches one in. no starting three new cb's
breaking news: : boom sound heard from b/w 6th &amp; 7th on 27th st, possibly controlled explosion.
i'd say nyc is under attack
overrated but queen
you stan 5th harmony but have the nerve, the caudacity to call beyonc overrated
obama calls defrauding taxpayers of trillions, setting the world on fire, and $10 trillion in new debt "progress".
no blacks for birther no latinos for wall no femae for end of pp....bye. not deplorable, dispeakable
hmm. thanks for the thoughts! safe flight.
you're welcome and thanks!
why isn't trump being held up to the same standards as politicians? no politician would be getting away with what he's saying.
need to keep up pressure on to call him on all the .
cannabis: the new californian gold rush...
cannabis use leads to teens heroine addiction ?
i'm pretty euphoric too but i'm tryin' to play it cool, lol!
just remembered its not gonna be for another 2 weeks. now i'm sad
perfect illusion doesn't even have a video yet
couldn't even stay on itunes for more than a day
too much moon watching last night. need lots of joe this am!
both look fantastic! i just had spaghetti &amp; meatballs 4 breakfast..
i am by no means deplorable, and i don't think that you can tell the future.
too late!obomba already gave iran 30b &amp; nukes to boot. and you worry about trump!? pull your head out of your ass!!!
vote-shaming is self-medication.
yes, i've heard it called vote-shaming, emotional blackmail, etc. that thinking infantilizes voters.
i'll define "soon" as "before the $tsla model 3 is in true mass production." how's that?
sounds like a game of "good short, bad short."
dude finds a job everywhere and does nothing.
pretty sure i just read that they're considering fisher for an extension too!!
businesses exist to make a profit. but can they ever make too much profit?
can government takes too much taxes ? ny nj ..
never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama.
here we go again, the 3rd grade name calling and bashing a respected american.
this is a lie. here are examples of him doing that:
but.. but...but....hillary is the liar
my top 3 favorite browns since '99. 1. joe thomas 2. i hate every single other player.
1. joe thomas 2. phil dawson 3. literally every other player was complete garbage.
i wore a dress and kinda regret not wearing tights or packing a cardigan bc of the wind?
i was thinking about wearing tights--good idea :)
which team am i not man enough to admit that i don't like?
barrett, aren't you constantly accused of being a "hater"?
chris christie: "the birther issue is a done issue"
translation: "done issue" = trump was able to sell phony scandal for gain and dropped it only when it no longer was profitable.
what u think of game diss
how i usually feel about game: he can flat out rap, but can't make a great record without beefing of name dropping anymore
yes, i've heard it called vote-shaming, emotional blackmail, etc. that thinking infantilizes voters.
also, if you vote with more attention to its performative quality than to its consequences, yes, you should be ashamed.
thanks for showing love i appreciate you
it's all good. happy sunday.
british airways 'to sell m&amp;s food on short-haul'
if this was a precursor to sparks &gt; avios deal, i would be very happy :)
plus we will run the snot out of the ball today! you headed out to watch game or staying home?
yessss!! cj bro!! heading out, it's not on here. i'll be at the bar getting all loud and shit
deeply in debt to russians, donald trump may only be running for president to avoid bankruptcy via
it really is then a matter of national security that he release his tax returns.
found my way to the studio. up next on espn w/tony kornheiser + joins us for five good minutes.
very pretty
wanted to make sure you're alive cos of those manhattan attacks
yh just heard about the bombing in chelsea
this is one of those lies so brazen i almost can't believe he made it.
~ have all taken the solemn oath to lie &amp; con the american citizen!
first 10k in a while, brutal hills did me in like whoa.
still weird to me that you live in my hometown. the mean streets of willow grove
i need to use it to vectorize my images for anti -rad printing. wanna die frm using it alr
oh man.... yea that's the only way then. ps can't vectorize :(
jules &amp; double g must catching up on beauty sleep.
bahahahaha!! they were probably slinging insults till 4am again
thank you for an amazing wine and food experience. showcase of s.africa's wine and culinary talent.
by the sounds of it i have missed out on a fine event!
i'd love to chat with trump about how black people are all "living in poverty" but i can't decide which of my houses we should meet at.
go meet at killarys house!!!
a warning: if you come to my timeline to argue about neighborhoods, i will shank you
omg. i thought the same thing
yeah this should energize the democratic base &amp; independants 2 go out in full force nov. 8 &amp; vote for
strong enough for a 2 minute talk before her nap.
repent be contrite with sincerity! american needs faith revival!
gov. christie is excellent for campaign! keep him on air defending!!
black voters are turning from clinton to trump in new via
blacks are never polled at no more than 9-10%. all of a sudden, blacks are being polled.....yeah ok.
pence says that trump "put an end" to the birther issue.
so, has hillary put an end to the e-mail issue? dumb trump game plan.guess campaign gets what it's (not) paying for.
i got my life to this track and iwab earlier. the live versions are everything
yes. i'm having my own personal tour right now lol
the jews and globalists can blow up all the stuff they want and run any number of false flags, but it's only gonna help trump.
you mean radicals &amp; islamic terrorists.
why? went bad?
it was just pure sugar. and all the wine in my fridge went bad. it was a rough night.
moments after hearing of nyc bombing, trump said: "we're gonna end it". end all bombings forever? really? will discuss on msnbc shortly.
would be to trump's advantage for more "attacks" to happen between now and election day. makes one suspicious.
thanks kalnyc--- as you know, i love your bookstore.
our pleasure! congrats on a wonderful book.
some of the only people id wear a fancy dress for
u looking smoking hot all cleaned up
so i live literally on the block where the second ied was last night here in manhattan. couldn't get back to my apartment until 3:45 am
watching the nypd bomb squad in action is an impressive thing
bc she is overrated and i'm sure i'm not the only who thinks that. but i still like her lol. she isn't wow.
then who is?
go to seneca next time batavia downs sucks the big d
we actually ended up doing that!
what happened???
there was a pipe bomb explosion here :/
it isn't our job to find hillary likable. that's on her.
i see you didn't read the article.
heroes...wasps were huge part of ww2 and deserve recognition from us
when will you return to tv?
i've made many sacrifices,,i've driven many trucks through all types of weather delivering goods to people all over.sacrifice
u accused my man of criminal intent..go fck yurself..draft dodging is a crime..he had a legit condition as i did..
if they were worried about defeating trump &amp; "electability," they should've voted for literally anyone else.
"bernie would have crushed trump" is a fantasy, forrest. he couldn't even beat someone you think everyone hates.
new releases in thank you for the support
looking forward to listening to your latest release i want my copy signed by you as soon as i am back in sa
watching the nypd bomb squad in action is an impressive thing
this seemed like a real amateur job- literally a pressure cooker hooked up to cell phones. but it was the same type that went off on 23rd
it was great wasn't it
cant lie it was a good time
good luck to and as they run the today!
do you know if they're running half or full?
"fortress around your heart" by sting came up in a playlist and i'm grooving so heard to it holy shit
like those clean guitars during the verses are so damn mesmerizing
hbd to my fav tripletsluh u long time and i cant wait to see y'all! hope your day is fab
omg hales ily imy also what is that b&amp;w pic
she's a fool. dornsite's black votes swing wildly each day - because they only poll a handful!
we are never polled. all of a sudden we are....yeah right.
anybody know any mobile app developers on here???
we specialize in developing native mobile apps (ios and android)! our portfolio +1(212) 209-1537
condolences to the solarte family. so sad, so unfair.
oh my that is so sad. my condolences and prayers to the family.
: : please explain all the lying about the pres.4 five years?u think he now is telling ppl the truth?trump=conman
dear stupid egg, get the fuck out of my mentions. go learn how to read
no some how it will be trumps fault!
and trump, will fall victim to the world of politics and will make mistakes or be subdued by the establishment.
gov. chris christie: "the birther issue is a done issue"
christie sure doesn't know african americans. this is a very important issue to us!
uber driver: so what do you do at the airport? me: i'm a manager. u: damn, you look too young for that! how did you work your way up?
cont. m: if you really love what you're doing, it's easier to achieve your goals, as opposed to being driven by financial motive.
:((( oh sadness !
sauce is homemade, &amp; plenty of pasta :)
people can and should vote for whomever they support. the shame is only if collectively we decide trump.
i agree with your first sentence. but a "protest" vote is not the same as voting for the person you support.
i love these two! is there going to be more from lou lou &amp; pea?!
yes! their next adventure is coming winter of 2017!
me just being my cute ass self
ahhh so cute!!!
well its true that trump is illiterate in all areas
yes : that he struggles like an ignorant child to read from the teleprompter goes unremarked because of the 'elitist' strawman.
gov. christie is excellent for campaign! keep him on air defending!!
gov.christie is excellent for campaign ! keep him on air defending!!
breaking: dozens of mainstream media reporters injured tripping over themselves trying to find a way to blame trump for nyc explosion.
they are losing all credibility at least showed emotion &amp; outrage for ppl affected by attacks
if you don't surround yourself with positive people you're bound to be sad!!!!!!! what don't people understand
inspirational
prove the media lie wrong! we democrats enthusiastically support hillary! most qualified candidate ever!
as we continue to prove the media wrong!!
i'm looking for a for a personal project. please message me if you are interested. thanks
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your for . email to leads.com
with her makeup team and multiple outfit changes
my stomach was turning watching her snap
his head alone weights 100 lbs.
that's hard to believe... it's more or less empty.
so vote shaming is both an infantilizing term and an accurate one? okay. i think that's a fine place to end this.
it is infantilizing to treat "shaming" as an evil when, in some cases, people should be ashamed. surely you grasp that.
good one!!!!
it's true unless proven otherwise
really? missed it which vid? oh and thanks!!
i have to upload it
yeah she's a hot fuck
the two of you together....
wait there was a terrorist attack yesterday, three actually... muslims are attacking left and right and you are still covering birther
racism in america is a real issue.
last time i checked i graduated but ok
psssst might wanna hide that id on the bottom
i really miss a lot :///
i really miss sidney pearl mclaughlin alot
having a heart attack
fucking yoooooooooo
are you still leaving america if trump wins like you said you would?
or will she move to the free zone of , as tweeted last night?
starting to make a list of segments i'd rather see live than hear tide turns or miss you, it's incomplete of course
i like miss you. breath &amp; burning, on the other hand, might be my least favorite of theirs of all time.
hillary looks bad again.... apparently she needs copious amounts of rest in order to function.... do we want a potus working 4 hours a day?
4 hours? i don't think she spoke for more than 4 minutes before nap time.
dear when you toss it to a journo in miami to tell me 's reaction, i turn the tv off. he brings violence!
this is the pic of my tv still off. i've had enough fear-mongering. we need facts not trump!
most states on track to meet emissions targets they call burden
trump will fix that. not a problem if you don't live downwind from pollution. burn, baby, burn! just not near me.
i as well. stop bringing terror into america obama!
i agree its a chain of disappointment obama &amp; its all on you ! stand up be heard vote trump
i can't believe i'm living in a time where media refuses to say explosions in and were from bombs
media&amp; admin saying there is no good footage of terrorists bombing attack in a area with multi cameras( lying)
sorry kind of tweeted from my pocket or something
haha. nice to hear from you even via butt-tweeting :)
just win baby
today a new era of oakland raiders football begins 2-0 baby
thus ending the myth josh didn't do this a year ago
joe barry guided a team to 0-16. i think he knows better than....wait, what?
my mom needs to find something else to complain about than me liking sports because there's a lot worse in life that i could be doing.
i could be doing drugs or something and not having an at least 3.6 gpa every semester but you know, i'm an awful kid.
browns qb robert griffin iii now expected to miss 10-12 weeks with shoulder injury, per sources, which means his season could well be over.
you misspelled career
my boyfriend could buy your life and a nice hairline for you. mind your business, auntie young joc.
lmaoo my shit straight. if ya man could by my life he would have you looking a lil better ya dig
this is so you omfg
lmfao me as fuck
calling all jews this is the must-watch video of this political campaign shocking v watch
everyone who thinks donald trump is anti semite needs to watch this!
trump says hillary has failed at every thing she's attempted. not true! her first marriage worked rough times, but her first is in tack.
trump the hypocrite- multiple divorces and bankrupts!
i like a lot but i actually think cnn is ground zero for the media's institutional failure re trump
not biased for trump. you say that w/ a straight face. you guys have done nothing but vilify hillary
i thought a good, respectful debate was possible. i was wrong. name calling &amp; profanity=the end.
yeah he gets that way. also no matter what u say adina, u will be wrong, and eventually a racist.
oh yummy ! i've got loads of
cool. perfect!, will whip up some fresh cream
blacks tired being controlled by dem black/white elitist w/50 yrs of nuttin.blacks know the truth
oh greg stop trying to pretend you know how my community thinks!
someone seo my website cause i don't wanna do it
to structure a formal seo game plan pls contact our team at +1-212-209-1537 else share your details via
we're still taking your lineup questions! ask us using and we'll post our answers to the site shortly.
gurley/lamar miller/rashaad jennings need 2 of 3 non ppf
watch this bro
can't argue tech side. don't care about fast. i am interested in adapting old pneumatic concepts. uses of gravity, etc.
report: rg3 could be out three months, miss the rest of the season
cheaters never win
so yesterday, my gas went out &amp; there is no one to call until monday (read thursday bc i do 14h shifts until weds).
and was thinking i should buy a cooker yesterday. well i didn't - i bought dinner out instead, but you cannot go eat out every day!
nobody is buying books today. :( fucking vermin.
should bring olga to increase sales.
we are so sorry for the trouble, we are looking into this issue right now.
thank you please get that looked at
i'm with you, don't see them getting in this year
tough loss for mizzou last night. saw the ending but not much of the game
you're a real man
closed mouth don't get fed!
isn't this your friends dog lol
yeah that's luke lol
brown meat balls ?
hahaha the browns r american football team :)
i like a lot but i actually think cnn is ground zero for the media's institutional failure re trump
don't insult our intelligence. there is such a low bar, learning curve, grade on a curve, and passes for trump.
stabbing in minnesota,,islamic terriost ask victims if they were muslim ,before he raved about allah ,
this is the hell that incompetent obama and have unleashed on the ppl of the world!
still don't have a phone. will have one next week. email me if you need me!
haha you sound like me. what happened?
i told him he was just helping to elect a madman then he said he just couldn't vote 4 the devils sister
they are being dumb! she is not the devil' sister. they are going to end up in massive economic debt
i do not like putin. i just want to know how trump is putins 'pawn'
trump has indicated his preference for dictators like kung of north korea,saddam.that is troubling
it was a bomb dumbass. is a low life lying scum. she is a fat ass pig.
acted like she could care less made a pc statement &amp; went back to sleep. we're lucky she even got up
last time i went up 700ft up a hill or so &amp; still in sf city limits.
as a pedestrian ....
since her petty ass won't come to south africa
hopefully she comes out there for this tour
last day of horrowfide, i'm killing this account tonight. time for a new
hope it's ottery or valvey
oh i'm sure it is! jules is probably tweeting in her dreams .
i wonder if they both wake up and jot down any comebacks they dream about?
still many unanswered questions in thinking about everyone there. be safe.
it was quite the night for those of us living on 27th
trump says hillary has failed at every thing she's attempted. not true! her first marriage worked rough times, but her first is in tack.
coming from trump the fraud/hypocrite with his multiple divorces and bankruptcies! caught out blatantly projecting again.
nyc mayor de blasio on manhattan bombing that wounded 29: 'intentional act,' but not...
the response i've gotten when i say something, whats your name, where do you live , your phone # they want my life history
great work :-) paper app on the ipad?
yes it is!!! how are you all? in brazil? please give a hug to everyone:)
roaming n. america like a modern johnny appleseed, free range seth merrow a big hit for !
good one and ur johnny rotten
"people have always challenged the idea of what america stands for"
and people have always made themselves out to be victims as well
report: many of scouts fired by browns before draft preferred to take carson wentz
poor fans it's a disaster after disaster for them passing on &amp; in 14
i'll record it for you if you like
that'd be awesome!
fucking right
i would feed my cock to both of you...
"this is the lock of the season. carolina over san francisco." -greeny's eliminator pick
thanks a lot greeney... please don't touch of death carolina anymore.
using trees &amp; a forest-based approach to treat h2o by , founder &amp; president of
andy lipkis changed my life! thanks andy.
we got a pretty nice b&amp;b jam in philly this year, so i'm looking forward to more jammed out ones. song's not great tho
quasi-related: how come there haven't been celebrations in the street for the 9/4 tube this year?
christie saw great game in queens last nite but up early this am trumpsplaining birtherism on 2 sunday shows.
trumpsplaining:give life2birtherism x 5 years minus birtherism x hillary mademedoit=no apology necessary
my phone autocorrected bee to bey omg kill me
are you ok, are you allergic
how was the denver broncos offensive line in the opener, asks ? they were good.
cause they were at home?
trump crossed highways &amp; barriers hillary would need a wheelchair!
and respirator.
crosstown traffic e/b &amp; w/b is closed from w 14 st to w 32 st, from 5 ave to 8 ave (mn). these closure are in effect until further notice.
is this still in place? thanks.
.: "we believe it was intentional. a full investigation is underway."
how many more refugees hillary want to bring?!?
aunt kathy's out here snitching on me
tell her it's hawaiian punch. she'll believe you.
was my senator. she was simply rlly good-listened,knew ppl's prblms,got ppl help.
rlly did fight for medical help for sick 9/11 1st responders while took 9/11 money.
her live band is amazing. do you know if they were apart of the formation tour?
i think some of the members of her band are the same i know like a few ppl are new if i'm not mistaken
i block everyone who disagrees with me so that my argument isnt challenged
ha ha ha.. i only block raging bigots
summary: controlling women is worth putting a philandering lose canon in the white house
you are voting for trump? what kind of progressive is that? i hope you aren't.
another potential explosion in virginia. 3 bombs on the east coast in one night. what's happening?
and has anyone heard from our leader: obama lmao shit he's golfing don't disturb him unless wh gets bombed dumb-ass
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
hillary &amp;0bama downplays rising opioid death toll in us?
two killed in shooting at community event in washington dc |
guessing potus &amp; congress have more important issues than homeland violence. terrible what's going on.
clinton is historically unpopular! and i'm not just talking about bernie. o'malley would absolutely crush trump!
yes! the conservative moment would just fold up its tent! come on now. nobody has absolutely crushed anybody for 30+ years.
triple s! sunday, snapchat, shower
can we see some of that sexy ass
"intentional act" is the new "conscious uncoupling." just a fancy way for liberals to avoid saying the obv
intentional act of terrorism be muslims or another group if its intentional its terrorism period debarfio is worst
wrong, the fact that i'm interested means i want to know your sources
my sources originally,the books that i head to study for my masters.that forms the what i needtkno
the denver airport is full of so many secrets it trips me out
i'm disturbed
25 years ago 1/2 the developed world lived on less than $1.25 a day. today it's about 1/7th. the world can be fixed
cynicism is just nihilism with a lesser degree of asshole type
wilson.. dont sit studs just yet
word is wilson is a little banged up, cutler's numbers on mnf are great, especially at home...
you're ignoring the most salient response you're getting, which is that millennials support hrc more than older voters.
i'm ignoring it because it seems utterly obvious that that tweet was not aimed at millennial clinton voters.
us presidential candidates &amp; react to
trump is happy for sure.
not sure what chafes me more about this, smv or ginia bellafante blaming "democracy"
yes, *that* ginia bellafante
dear america, please use your . a bomb intentionally set to cause 'terror' is terrorism. plain &amp; simple.
media &amp; admin cover-up of terrorists acts..now saying no good footage in a area with multi camera sites.collusion &amp; corruption
cnn is hitler.
can't wait to breathe what he exhales. it's positively disgusting.
i am thinking cold pizza. too tired to reheat!
cold pizza is good af
the bootiful and wondrous kataleeeeeeeen
aubie i'm really going to cry
what? i was in the other endzone
that's amazing! only took us a few decades to figure this out.
this has never happened before
maybe it's beyonce saying you're chosen
i love men who want us both.
you ever seen your mom take dick?
problems of space travel while traveling in a gun barrel at the speed of sound something goes wrong everyone dies .
look at it this way. if you could go at 30mph unobstructed you would beat anything in most metro areas today. make sense??
i turn on my twitter mary: i like dirty d smh
i never said those exact words. drink some coffee
i should clarify, the book i referenced was the quran he owned, jefferson knew well the dangers muslims pose to usa.
doesn't seem inline with what he actually wrote or said about the quran and muslims.
goals: living in a postcode where people can freely put neckerchiefs on their dogs
walked through the village after the high line yesterday, place was hoaching with them
so don't be surprised that will not say it's . maybe are in order?
how could he possibly say there's no threat--dah ! you probably have a wall around your house to right
just seen the news, hope you're safe
yeah all good - the news is making a song and dance of it though.
if this weren't asymmetrical warfare that might be true but it's not so stop shining us on, sir.
hillary is so much better than trump its not funny. trump lies 10 times a day &amp; never reads a thing
a racist legacy?! obama guilts black community and attacks donald trump at cbc dinner
do you know that when racism is practiced by blacks otis still fucking racism?
i don't understand what the nyc is saying about . what do they mean the blast was intentional but no credible threat against city?
so arguing about semantics. we new yorkers know threat of terrorism is constantly present.
did i say close, i meant we literally just hit 10k whaddup
the benefits of serving the dark lord
need that english teacher to proof your tweets too. ;)
grammer is off limits with limited characters
lmfao ! oh my...you are on target already. i'm just having my first coffee .
bit i never said that g!! he's making shit up now lmao!
bored of the internet and it's only 8:30 am
log on to with me and
do i have to go to work
nah work is over rated lol
my phone autocorrected bee to bey omg kill me
were you wearing ivy park? ^_^
remain 2 up on the , essentially 1 up on due to owning the tie breaker. playoff odds now at 86.5%.
without another of their stud pitchers how far do you think they can get?
yeah he gets that way. also no matter what u say adina, u will be wrong, and eventually a racist.
well time for me to cook.
in today's paper... my friend was sent home from work for wearing a jersey. and he broke no rules!
maybe will pay his/her salary for the day
okay so you are indignant and must be claiming otherwise. let's see who's right. oops...ied device. you're fired.
h claims spontaneous explosion in reaction to a youtube video
to - "who do u think u are to tell that he's not an american and that he should show his papers to you?"
hills campaign began birther movement. he questioned ted cruz birth status. y arent u mad
he did play both sides often past 2 seasons for
my issue is the same people who announced the loud mouth in seattle the best ignore that he never moves
when a player's trade value goes up but now you don't want to trade him.
i would still trade him tbh.
damn, didn't realise how exhausted i was. still got a few bits to get, give me your energy guys ( _`)
take all of it ()
boi wtf yo had the shower on
some people call it luck i call it dedication
good morning!
ok, i really love that hashtag
hahaha! yeah, he's done so much for black community..
bring on the insults.
this is all so sudden and unexpected
it works for me
the whole thing was about him
was about who ? game of kingston ?
you never really find out how much of a weak bitch you are until you fall in love wow
nothing has ever been more true
is there a liberal east coast freak out about donald trump? calls it a "margin of panic," and our panel discusses now.
the narrative, cont
rlly did fight for medical help for sick 9/11 1st responders while took 9/11 money.
scammed ppl who admired him,wldn't pay workmen who trusted him,drove many bankrupt.
thanks to for acknowledging now u of penn officer shot this weekend in the line of duty
hi! great photo, such a nice gesture. do you mind if we use this picture on nbc (tv &amp; web) with credit to your twitter? ty.
i can't get into power for some reason
give it another go! it's so good
who is from then? not being facetious, you live there.
crazy delivery people on bikes, street crime, random people with guns, demented taxi drivers.
as we observe at the , i'm optimistic that we can alter the course of our planet's history
earth is a living breathing life,it's been violated and seeks compensation and retribution from all mankind.
i thought it was a 10% chance of playoffs like a month ago?
about that, yes. it pays to win.
sorry we haven't mentally prepared ourselves for terrorism like you guys have
prepared? i guess i have been prepared since the ok bombing. sorry you have been so sheltered.
if you're wrong will you ever apologize or admit your wrong?? probably not and that's the problem.
you know nothing about me why not check out my writing before jumping to a conclusion, (a fallacy).
you don't like the best lt of the past 15 years?
this is my hottest take but i think i would have preferred if we would've just drafted adrian peterson instead of joe.
discovering the streets of san francisco after covering villages and factories of east asia
your son is actually onto something with his comment:
and it is always an honor to have you join us. we love you
we love your commitment to project angel food, pauley!
media: trump says bomb: "he's being a bigot and fear mongering!" hillary says bomb: "she's being cautious." seems legit.
who is hiding the camera footage from a area with multiple cameras present???? president obama and doj . collusion
"the truth about email at the state department"
hillary and dems are just going for the title of having the 1st women as president. they will surrender to communism to claim it.
hey! so i just heard about the explosion in manhatten...are you ok?! were you anywhere near the explosion?
hi! yep i'm okay! i don't live near chelsea, so didn't hear or feel it. very scary though!
just randomly came across a scene of you getting pounded by . !
it's one of my faves! rt " just randomly came across a scene of you getting pounded by . !"
that is so exciting!! i love their friendship and the little things that make them unique! and the ss lucky alley!!!
hooray, thank you! can't wait for you to read the next book!
"wanna get breakfast?" is my favorite text of all time
take me and tay out for breakfast then rn
trump's position: if you disagree with me, i will take it personally &amp; attack you, call you names! not presidential!
he's nothing but a bully &amp; trash. certainly not presidential!
earlier: mo' cheddah - see me ft phenom
brand new tune
do mets look to move one (or both) of nimmo and conforto? if cespedes is retained it's quite redundant having them on bench
i think so. but that's talk for november.
nfl picks. who you like today and why? i'm kinda partial to seattle -5
raiders -4.5 for their home opener vs falcons. i like oakland.
keep your eye on jaquiski tartt. his abilities could make a big impact this season.
yes, is an amazing player! the dbs need to be "on point" today.
ill check my calendar and see if we can make it, if not, i have donations for your raffle lets get together this week to chat
omg yes and thank u :) truly appreciate
you added a character in order to misspell "excel" :)
that's a typo lpl
you're one of my favourite places, london.
just missed you ... i preferred berlin ;-)
so are boiled peanuts a thing in the south cause i see signs for it everywhere..
were always a snack i had to find on race weekends when i lived down there
evergreen sentiment tbh
so true it hurts
bombs going off in new york , mayor says its intentional but not terrorism? and lets not forget what hillary told us
he's full of shit, pressure cooker bombs dont fall from the sky such a liar, he's been hanging w/hc to long really
earlier: mo' cheddah - see me ft phenom
brand new tune
take me and tay out for breakfast then rn
mom made pancakes you would know that if you came out of your room
fact check: false. like, really false.
trumpsplaining:deliver birtherism x 5 yrs. minus birtherism x hillary = no apology needed.
you don't like the best lt of the past 15 years?
browns game would have been infinitely more fun if we drafted ap and we'd probably would've been better team, too.
"trump logic" example ... you can't fix stupid, but you can manipulate it to win the gop nomination.
trump doctrine-if they say nice thing about me i will say nice things about them
christie defends trump's suggestion that clinton's bodyguards should drop weapons
christie would lick trump's boots for the hope of a job in washington - it's creepy to watch!
msm blaming 4 everything instead of who real culprits r. the people of america no better. let's &amp; read
who allowed in vetted terrorists amongst us??? president obama &amp; hillary's policies
annette, your retweet is appreciated! please follow back! visit us for music, books, photos, ideas at
thanks for the , annette! lorry's lens: central park. lorry captures its beauty. scroll down at
hillary and dems are just going for the title of having the 1st women as president. they will surrender to communism to claim it.
they don't care about blacks, latinos, women or immigrants. it is all about power and them. they will sacrifice the nation
my fav pen app. in toronto now, just had , a boy, jian. moving to boston soon. hope ur well &amp; thriving :-)
whaaaaaat?! congratulations-- they rhyme kian jian wow! what a star hyuno is! oh you will be on the east side, hope our paths
remain 2 up on the , essentially 1 up on due to owning the tie breaker. playoff odds now at 86.5%.
it was 7% on august 20, when they were 60-62. they're 19-7 since.
who let me sleep in my contacts last night?
sorry phil. you looked so peaceful that i didn't have the heart to rouse you.
why do you think an artist like tech n9ne hasn't been nominated for an award like a grammy award
those types of things bring awareness which is needed to win a grammy.
...what a jerk she is....
but donald trumps her with his own jerkiness level.
wrong, the fact that i'm interested means i want to know your sources
in democracy you don't want some body,who will tie up the systems democrats have different policie
means no islamic terror link
trump will blame someone brown by 1pm
you don't like the best lt of the past 15 years?
watching joe thomas waste his career blocking for a series of the most untalented scrubs in nfl history has been excruciating.
when the ambien and diazepam kick in at 8 pm but you have to pretend to care
you sexism exudes from every orifice of you. hillarys so much better equipped to be president. try using your brain 4 change
intentional but not terrorism, mayor deblasio?
a big a fool as tom kaine..
earlier: mo' cheddah - see me ft phenom
brand new tune
what part? how do we fix it then? cant always say that it's all on the buy side to change
no doubt direct needs to be done with more efficiency, but pubs have little choice to regain control
one of the oldest known to exist, bonus to anyone that can identify ;)
is it a ford?
he is getting stale in his old age. but i'm glad they still wheel him out for his weekly account of nothing.
we know mike has no ego it's evident everyday..
rep. gowdy demands answers when subpoenaed witness in clinton email hearing is a no-show
good thank god for our lawmakers on the right side of the law!! clinton has gotten away w/murder
good morning!!! fam let me sleep in! even treble has beem quit? ha!
ghost woke me up cause her food dish was empty. little piggy eats like there's a food shortage coming on. grin
i do hope they keep ruggiano, as lagares is always on the dl every season. he was a good rh cf vet to have, when healthy
he's replaceable to be honest. and he's played like 5 games or whatever for them this year.
remain 2 up on the , essentially 1 up on due to owning the tie breaker. playoff odds now at 86.5%.
tie breaker head to head? (was hoping for no one game playoff just to determine home field)
9% of america ended up picking hillary and trump and their approval ratings are as low as possible
if you didn't vote, no right to whine.
it is an open question whether or not. and diff of degree only doesn't get you a win on principle. sorry.
with all due respect, i don't believe it is an open question at all. we know what clinton administration looks like.
it makes me feel queasy when people let their cereal go soggy then eat it where is the crunch
where is the love
it was 7% on august 20, when they were 60-62. they're 19-7 since.
it pays to win.
this week's game scoop! is here: with , , and .
i know it's just opinion but i have to disagree, fft advance is great. wotl is great 2.
adam, thanks for the ! we have goodies for you! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" at
adam, i appreciate the ! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down:
something's about meek saying that game stole sean kingston jewelry
lol watch by the end of the day someone else is gonna get tagged in this like wrestling lmao
lol talk about jumping to conclusions, i wasn't addressing that was aimed . and no i don't read sjw crap.!!
what is sjw? you only read people who mirror yourself?
my fav pen app. in toronto now, just had , a boy, jian. moving to boston soon. hope ur well &amp; thriving :-)
duh i see you are in toronto! amazeballs! you all moving all the time-- r u taking photos? hyuno curating?
trump's ability to get surrogates to tell ridiculous lies for him helps. it takes a village.
it takes cnn
only thing tv doctors love more than a romantic plot is getting you to a real doctor.
derek dont do this to me
one time in 9th grade i brought a large pizza to history class and i've never been so satisfied in my life.
aside from the day you met me
trump running mate on birtherism: "it's over"
trumpsplaining: deliver birtherism x 5 yrs. minus birtherism x hillary = no apology needed.
in many ways, this season is more remarkable. tc held this team together despite the injuries &amp; the massive underperformance
yep. but also, they're playing their best ball of the season. it was a run they had to go on for a prayer at the playoffs.
i don't think having 5 awful lineman instead of 4 would make the team better.
i think joe thomas blocking for a bunch of people who are functionally useless has helped us win approximately zero games.
where should one look for a new in scientific tool and development using ? asking for a friend.
the data-vis-jobs google group set up is a good place to start
part of his contract !
he has no spine. bought him cheap.
but it implies millennials will have been responsible for electing dt, when they support him least of any age group.
. it's really more a tweet about a generational propensity for extremely terrible first-person essays! sorry that got lost.
yes, *that* ginia bellafante
wait, no, wrong link. this ginia bellafante
naw, i am depending on the rams for myles
yep. get myles with their pick and tim williams your own pick
gm ricardo &amp; all
beth beth beth beth beth
breaking!!! collapsing hillary clinton heavily sedated as she responds to donald trump comment &amp; !!
hillary..."who ever was the dumb ass to come out from behind the curtain while i was speaking is fired!"
happy birthday beautiful!! love u!
thank you pretty love and miss you
wrong, the fact that i'm interested means i want to know your sources
republicans have different policies,we want to lift the whole society.so demand needs to be boost.
q- why won't mayor of nyc call the bombs an act of terrorism? a- no one has been able to confirm a muslim made the bombs yet
correction. it has not been linked to a terror organization so far.
i refuse to accept this as the new normal which is why i'm voting for trump. you shouldn't accept this.
what the hell is wrong with you? thinking one fucking candidate stops this? and trump at that? trump only increases the violence
really glad you're ok man
thanks! wild night
she's one of the best progressives out there. how you came to that assumption is beyond me.
i was asking because i wasn't sure, thats all.
railriders starter still tba. al pedrique likely has his choice. anybody but dan camarena will be on full rest.
nice job covering donnie. wanna pen a "triple aaa and how it changed" guest piece for after series?
trump goons are politically blind.
we had a friend scammed by a madoff-type. warned her-she just got angry!
tie breaker head to head? (was hoping for no one game playoff just to determine home field)
the first criteria is the head to head record. if there's a tied h2h, intradivision record is next.
there's a politically correct culture in the country that's been created by the left
exaxtly but we follow it through fear and ignorance..
are your nudes safe?
yes locked away behind ever thing i can put them behind
we need your support to get to the white house and defeat . let's make america great again!
i tried hard not to laugh @ your joke but i admit i failed
this tournament is set up for canada to win.
it certainly has home ice - and the under 23 team doesn't hurt them close to what it hurts the u.s. because of depth.
yea, they might lose the wc game, but if they don't have thor to roll out two times in the nlds they are 100% toast
just get there. don't be so cynical.
obama insults all americans while on foreign soil
he's showing his real self more &amp; more every day thank god we can soon say bye bye ass hole
its early! besides we aren't dirty, just play hard. cam is a big dude that is hard to tackle.
he's a dramatic pussycat. key word being....well, you know
i asked my daughter what is wrong with ut's offensive line...
dude, she is adorable!
deloading next week and my body is ready.
you got thissss
it's unreasonable because it's a jump.
his closest adviser is giuliani, you dont think they would inform the next president before the media?
when you have atheist friends..
that's shallow, they'd munch on a beef/lamb/meat sandwich/dish anytime but won't see one being slaughtered or sacrificed.
it's a low day in journalism when jan brewer is welcome on as a republican spokesperson.
hope her teeth stay in!
muslims celebrate the chelsea explosion
very irresponsible post.
cnn edits hillary's embarrassing response to nyc bombing - fixed it right up
and this comes as a surprise because?
its a funny picture. all arms and legs.
good day all
always shoots himself in the foot as soon as he starts to gain ground. idk how his handlers don't quit
you made the assumption that trump would get a "landslide" election on his policies alone. that got the "pfft".
just found out nasa changed all the astrology dates and now i am a gemini
and you wonder why we are best friend
george bishop finds that 30pc of those polled offered an opinion on a fictitious policy via book
the public affairs act of 1975 was a disgrace.
you left out the "was never planning to buy it anyway" option
where does "i pay $10/month for spotify and it'll end up there soon enough" fit in?
so what time's your flight back to la?
my church is on 23rd street..... ha ha.... and im going in 15 mins
me too lol! if it pisses of other fan bases, then ride with it tight?!
oh for sure!! ride that bareback
lool nah he's just got to be interested
in all seriousness, congratulations!
where mah handlers at?
better zombie hillary than idiot trump!
medicine never helped her during sleepless nights, so she invented an "insomnia machine" via
used to be counting sheep.
yea, did you read it or just dismiss it because of the source?
i just dismissed it because i know the "source".
me too lol! if it pisses of other fan bases, then ride with it tight?!
sorry, i'm all kinds of feisty today
"parkinson patients develop a fixed stare &amp; mask-like expression with little 2 no spontaneous movements"
media props up hillary
the first criteria is the head to head record. if there's a tied h2h, intradivision record is next.
syndergaard's big win against them on that last sunday night even larger now
we're gratful for the retweet, esax! visit us for books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra:
your is appreciated, esax! lorry's lens: central park. lorry captures its beauty. scroll down at
thanks for letting me me know my man and i said they beat them at least once three of the last four years.
i have a strong feeling the will sweep the this year
i dream of a future where we don't need these in every power socket... :)
it's weird usb isn't the default power socket for most things.
wrong, the fact that i'm interested means i want to know your sources
you want to boost the demand,australia has done it.the disposable income must be raised.
"i want more beer"- tara collins
what college does to tara
there's tbt and there's
another great hashtag!! you're on a roll girl!!
trump is offering real policy initiatives directed @ the lifting our urban areas! while panders for votes
treats the black community like mindless idiots who are at her beck &amp; call.
i'd love to join you guys, i think there's good evidence for is. but i won't be at eps this year :(
i'm having trouble keeping up with these massive multi-player twitter convos.
chuck, you are a disgrace to your about trumps transparency?taxes, real medical history?foundation?smh
what did he do? i didn't watch him yet was going to watch him at 2 maybe not after this.
never. we will never forget how disrespected our president every day. this will damage them for generations.
oh go back to kissing donald's ass... chris christie you make me sick
we couldn't agree more, melinda. the more the merrier for all three!
i had this product and it's absolutely the best smucker's makes!
if bombs are not terrorism what the hell do you call them?
islamic peace offerings.
a bomb went off in ny and they blamed trump for calling it a bomb. liberals are that dangerous people.
seriously dude? you're pro trump??
i'll be there in a couple weeks
ok send details i have some one you might want to meet! i felt good walking the streets of berlin in a way i did not in london.
earlier: mo' cheddah - see me ft phenom
brand new tune
how clam-happy am i to be using the new philosopher's tone micro. even grizzley gives his paw of approval
i get it, cause, you know.... "philosophers"
a running back with no line doesn't either.
yeah but at least, we'd get to see ap make some improbable td runs so at least, it'd be occasionally fun to watch.
like a subway with no stops ... sure
surface. human scale. speed is trumped by congestion which would be unnecessary with a different pov.
u seem to be desperate for attention, though i'm sure you will deny that, instructing people to read your book
i was referring to my columns that appear in nyc newspapers,..on my site.
i honestly don't know
this ... sigh ... my head hurts
going to be organizing a event with for gp nj. are you interested in playing? what would you like to see as prizes?
when is gp nj?
i had to turn off fns...couldn't watch it anymore
one small step for man, one giant step....
how bout them s?
so are we first by tiebreakers???
here is my handout from today's great books presentation in iowa:
thanks for sharing the book love, john!
syndergaard's big win against them on that last sunday night even larger now
it was huge.
flying from to today? you might be in for a surprise from .
i'm on that flight! looking forward to it!!
i'm just gonna show my future boyfriend twitter and instagram and say, "this is what you do" seriously the cutest relationship
thank you em
wait. chloe is on the ios10 update! lol
if you search chloe lukasiak there's even more!
good morning, nyc. you're ramping up for a hot one, i can tell.
yup. so much fog this morning.
word!!! be all out in the middle of the the floor and all that like you waitin for someone to come up on you...
it's not a invitation for you to come behind &amp; try to join in on my solo dance.
other than the obvious act of terrorism the other crime is the felony stupidity of mayor deblasio.
he's trying to white wash the fact that it's "radical islamic terrorism" intentional my ass
tapper asks christie: do u understand why african americans are bothered by birther issue? christie doesn't answer that part of question.
chris christie is a donald trump kiss ass thinking he's going to make his way into the white house somehow... not
leroy robert paige. "satchel"
earl "fatha" hines
i'll be there in a couple weeks
p.s. if you have time go to this:
this totally makes me think of
i so very much!
thanks for the rt, folks! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down:
, grazie, gracias, danka, merci, spoceba &amp; thanks for the , friends! we have music, books.
just made and produced a song
just finished mastering
1. bombs in &amp; nj 2. "allah" stabbing in st. cloud hillary: keep border open. welcome more muslims. ban your guns. stupidity.
you're a racist idiot and yes deplorable!
getting ready for our opening week ! excited to perform stravinsky violin converto on wed and sat matinee. come join!
looking forward for wednesday
emails show colin powell unloading on clinton, rumsfeld and trump
colin powell real housewife of potomac
happy sunday morning! hope urs is peaceful
you have really cute feet
none of the injuries are life threatening. no evidence of terror "at this point" - nyc mayor.
no a bomb going off isent terror..ok terrific!!!!
'zombie hillary' responds to nyc bombing sounding 'drugged', looking sickly
you're an idiot!!
apparently a lot of people think wating for someone else to tell you what to think is "intelligent"
what we think happened is of no consequence to our future safety.
i type up cat, and this emoji pops up . ios10....
lmao!!! ohhhh so you can get the von emojis huh? i'm jealous!!
a running back with no line doesn't either.
with joe, the browns are just a slow, excruciating death of an anemic offense going absolutely nowhere.
looks like it was just the picture that made it look like he did, but he hasn't
u scared the hell outta of me
i have my moments
very witty my friend!
yea, did you read it or just dismiss it because of the source?
i also was pointing out that you quote fox a lot. a lot. hmmm.
and i refuse to play with any other team
the knicks are the best team in the game. your buggin
earlier: mo' cheddah - see me ft phenom
excellent tune
what you should get paid for
@ look at scorpio
if you are a bm in your late 40s/50s, stop talking about "thots." grab a chair, drink your corona, listen to ewf, and be a uncle gracefully.
but...but...how else will they embrace that midlife crisis??
haha that's exactly right!! they think this should just be the new normal
go find scared americans to advance your shit candidate. it's his only chance. some of us, don't scare so easy.
i probably will panic then die so i need to not lol.
it was weird instead of seeing black everything started getting whiter and whiter. i had to force myself to wake up smh
wrong, the fact that i'm interested means i want to know your sources
eisenhower was the last republican,who meant well for the society.the crime goes up,deprivationrea
you made a fake bomb. then you lied. you know this. we know this.
'clock boy' did extreme damage to 'see something, say something' .. he aided terrorists with his actions.
emails show colin powell unloading on clinton, rumsfeld and trump
colin powell real housewifes of potomac
because peace and honesty aren't liberal ideas?
because fracking, eliminating student loans, etc aren't liberal ideas but you knew that. classic trolling
i was trying not to be anti-police but really, ?? "america's largest law enforcement union endorses trump"
. the fraternal order of police just endorsed trump. here's why they love him. via
colin powell wrote in an email that bill clinton was 'd---ing bimbos' via
colin powell real housewife of potomac
alderson said degrom likely needs surgery, but said not a significant surgery
can't trust a word this team says about injuries &amp; their severity ...
he has the personality of a paper plate
remember when you said he was better than jameis winston?
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
do you know what disgusting is... you
well yeah a running back is more fun to watch than a tackle
this is my point.
really don't feel like going to whole foods
you really had to let the twitter universe know that?!
hillary clinton gave drunk interview in response to nyc bombing in chelsea
i want a clear thinking sober president. in her condition we are not getting her best judgement.
this kind event one has. those sudden vapp live one like dont have and have to wait for a while
yep. coz they cant afford to get the subbers to do for everything lol
earlier: mo' cheddah - see me ft phenom
brand new tune africa
. if you vote you are validating and participating in the system you criticize, the logic should be "if you vote, you can't whine"
what avenue do we have besides voting 2 effect change 28% voted in primary americans are 2 lazy 4 action but we love 2 whine.
remember , wear black at home. none of that white. oakland coliseum needs to be one big black hole.
the clothing i packed for the weekend... all black!
last night my mate lovingly said i think way too much about things &amp; just need to say, 'i don't like x. i just don't like it.' no reasons.
i like to kinda report on feelings and origins. helps me work through shit &amp; realise it's not bad self esteem it's what is causing it.
hillary all the way
you got that right! for the kids and in order for our country to survive
this is a united team chosen to protect egos rather than produce anything approaching tactical cohesion
nailed that
love 2 see nfl media outlets freak out about skins using zone coverage plans as usual as they had done for a long, long time
what about the racist name and logo?
sitting in a restaurant and suddenly the wifi login splash page from as passing popped up.
did you manage to charge your phone for a few secs from the usb ports in the passing bus?
seriously: look at this woman and tell me she isn't on drugs? did you see her speaking?
seriously, take a look at this face and tell me he's not an idiot! then slap yourself
it's hard for the libs to react when they don't think it's a problem.
u2 actually present an equally scary problem to the progress and safety of this country. supporting the next hitler
photos of kids hyunyo's been angling for a gallery. we will see what's next
do u have a blog of ur photos? is kian(?) loving his brother?
the clothing i packed for the weekend... all black!
that's what's up! you've obviously been here before bro. it's easy to spot who hasn't!!!
none of the injuries are life threatening. no evidence of terror "at this point" - nyc mayor.
just when u thought someone couldn't say something more stupid we have mayor deblasio everyone.
who did he rape? juanita told her story long ago, and it has never been discredited. why don't you both ask her?
his first wife &amp; a 13 year old girl
8 weeks until your team destroys my team. hooray!
sounds about right
apparently a lot of people think wating for someone else to tell you what to think is "intelligent"
lots of domestic terrorists have used bombs as well. (eric robert rudolph, timothy mcveigh.)
oh so many times
learning from the champ!
my appeal to all delhiites on the issue of chikengunea n dengue fever
, take care... we will fight against till last. won't give up easily
christie: nj explosion 'clearly an act of terrorism'
and hillary &amp; comrades keep pushing for open borders, war on cops, destruction of the military and divisiveness among us.
i am a huge fan of great seeing them in
love this! which issue is this in?
earlier: mo' cheddah - see me ft phenom
brand new tune mbilo
hope fully i get a chance to say what's up to you and others. see ya
hope so bro. you gotta roll through
that is only a partisan opinion. i don't really care who is elected. a different disaster is still a disaster.
sorry. pretending to be nonpartisan &amp; above it all doesn't absolve you of responsibility if trump is indeed elected.
i read a lot too lol...i'm going to check you out and you're probably gonna hate my review!!
i though sjw meant straight jewish woman be my guest.. read my book, my essays, my columns.
u shouldn't even have to explain this...fans should fuckin know this. wear black
bro, i can't tell you how many times fans have show up wearing white in the actual black hole end zone. embarrassing!
i said plants are so important for the eco system and theyre living too,they breathe okay? dont eat them.she got offended :p
plants are like the main pillars of our ecosystem, they should create their own food by chemosynthesis but shouldn't eat.
have start/sit questions? ask your questions on twitter w/ and get your answers in our live blog here:
eli rogers or moncrief ppr?
trump campaign message designed to cut-off almost certain debate questions. this, however, invites them.
it certainty does period'
when she keeps on leaving emojis in your comments &amp; you don't know her, but you're a faithful black man.
as many times as i watched this i didn't even peep him move out the way like that
nyc is my heart and soul. thinking of everywhere in chelsea tonight who were innocent bystanders. hope we get some answers soon.
thanx kelly this is so crazy also in n.j. my heart and my prayers go out to all the victims they did obtain of the suspect
but the team wouldn't be better is mine
i said it was hot take. i just don't think in the aggregate joe mattered that much, which is tragic.
that's what's up! you've obviously been here before bro. it's easy to spot who hasn't!!!
bunch of amateurs smh
wondering what's the logic for the poi they show. also, too bad it doesn't highlight bed bath &amp; beyond.
are you talking about the logic behind google maps or apple maps?
per rob gronkowski is getting a lot closer to returning, but will sit it out today.
do we know if solder is playing? that should dictate bennett's role today too, right?
tell that to the benghazi families.
benghazi what does that have to do with lunatic trump &amp; his hateful words?
"i've been more open about this than anybody in public life." -christie # re bridgegate (except hidden email &amp; cell)
christie/giuliani/trump lie like thieves in straightface vaudevillian act.
hillary looks stoned out of her mind. no way she could take 3am call, she'd be in medically induced coma
and this is the look of a rational person to you? get real and stop trashing our next prez!
9 expert tips for taking amazing photos of your cat =&gt;
good tips to good pix
wondering what's the logic for the poi they show. also, too bad it doesn't highlight bed bath &amp; beyond.
and yes. so sad, there is no bb&amp;b in my neighborhood. i have to move next to their brooklyn location once my lease is finished.
how many more attacks do you need before you remove your head from your ass ?
how does making a judgement with no evidence help? muslims are already under heavy surveillance in nyc &amp; usa.
here's why low carb is high in fat, not protein:
56gms is the minimum just to survive, not thrive. larry scott 1st mr. olympia ate 400gms protein w/no ill effects.
damn i would love to go there
you were so lucky you got to see shirtless justin
one week ago at this time hillary clinton fell ill at a 9/11 memorial. it feels like, roughly, a year has passed since then.
if that was actually true, there'd be a hillary memorial going on right now.
vs. the aux cord at
hate to bring this up but ..... i'm not over it.
of all the house style peculiarities i continue to be most amused by the insistence on hyphenating hardcore
close second: men's wear.
and hillary &amp; comrades keep pushing for open borders, war on cops, destruction of the military and divisiveness among us.
with 4 more years of de blasio, ny will be trying to claim the title from chicago with the most killings.
i do not like putin. i just want to know how trump is putins 'pawn'
now,we have cornered putin.we put some sanctions,working well.russian economy is suffering.
when de blasio says chelsea was "an intentional act" but maybe not terrorism, what precisely is the basis for the distinction?
maybe they don't know who did it for what motivations
nonsense. muslim refugees are the product of their own wars, jews were persecuted and murdered for who they were
sunnis are murdered by shia for who they are - and vice versa. no?
who did he rape? juanita told her story long ago, and it has never been discredited. why don't you both ask her?
i love how you hide your hate behind the flag &amp; bible you people make me ill
i am dismissive of people making assumptions when we do it know any facts yet. we have no idea who placed them there. no idea
and yet not a word re victims until i mentioned them...
can't stand people wearing white because of the sun. it's black sunday suckas!!
if it's hot we are all gonna suffer together, in our black!!! lmao
well, prez now only golfs. following in his restful, vacationing footsteps. only her rest may b in a hospital bed
or chelsea's apartment where miracles happen!
i'll hit you up when i get there
sounds like a plan. maybe i'll head over to your spot and watch some of the morning games with ya like last time
russian un rep. vitaly churkin's response to power, russia-us long-negotiated partnership on the verge of collapse
the usa has more than 200 treaties with its natives. violated every single one. what laws will they obey?
how many flights? can you get a set of weights &amp; squat your way up the stairs? kill two birds w/ one stone (three, if you slip)
god i don't want more stuff in my apt lol. it's three flights so could be worse
just got outta work. pay + tips was brazy fam
where you work at?
this is not exactly consoling.
consolation has never been one of my strong suits when football at issue. i'm more a schaudenfreude guy.
here's why low carb is high in fat, not protein:
gluconeogenesis occurs if there's not enough carbs in the diet. the body is smart. it knows what to do w/protein.
rudy giuliani on nyc explosion: "to say it's a terrorist act is perfectly accurate."
actually no it's not. we know virtually nothing about this situation. reckless to label it at this point
folks in already back to normal but panicking. they're a timid bunch, huh?
23 people hurt, 1 severely, u r an imbecile.
at approx. 10:15am, i'm holding a briefing on the explosion in manhattan in nyc.
prediction: 5 minutes on the facts of the bombing and 45 minutes on "islam is peace."
oh no, yeah that's way too much. i slept in my moms room and felt like someone was on my back choking me once.
lmao oh nah! i swear that shit will make you stay up for an hour out of fear once it happens.
dude, spoilers. i'm actually being serious :(
not sure what it soiling precisely, but i removed it. sorry.
i'm old af my home girl wanted me to come out tonight.. can't do it two times in a row
that's a challenge i no longer accept
when will hillary admit that the behavior of her husband and herself is deplorable?
more gop bs trump is a rapist
sort of like seeing angela lansbury on hurd hatfield's arm in the picture of dorian gray, i imagine.
i squeaked out, "so, what are you working on?" as if she might say, "ceramics."
with 4 more years of de blasio, ny will be trying to claim the title from chicago with the most killings.
we the hard working taxpayer will continue to fund their mistakes so they can appease losers and our enemies. enough
east west? street and avenue?
west east 23-28 street 5-6 avenue, broadway :-)
tell me why/how she just finished breakfast (in her pj's) &amp; just now strolled up the stairs to go in the bathroom
that's typical mom shit. then she going to get really and be like watch i'll be ready before everyone.
still think jonathan stewart will play today?
he's active
oh right it's his "only chance" when he's at worst tied with crazy hrc in the poll even b4 this most recent attack
his only chance. scaring people and blaming foreigners. a tactic famously used by another historical sociopaths.
guys, it's not necessary to work gf into ur tweet responding to a female. it's a convo, not a lifelong pledge, and we're not looking for 1.
so i've been responding wrong all these years
...a pyromaniac, an evil murderer, and a loose cotton ball.
i don't know if you meant 'cotton ball' - regardless, it's quite brilliant.
the members have spoken, we have endorsed the for president.
given the fact that the other candidate never applied for the endorsement, isn't this a win by default?! so stupid
a lot of pedos do shit like this lol
i'd die before i let him around my child.
actually really like this photo
it's a tad underexposed, bring up your aperture a couple of stops. other than that, it's an awesome shot.
our economic progress is making a difference for families across the country.
good reason to vote hillary
good. i'm glad 4 every misery life brings you cuz gun owners are horrible, immoral cowards. ? nah,
lol. who's the immoral one? trying to take people's rights away? fuck you bitch.
a rather soggy morning heading up to bessho-onsen on the ueda dentetsu railway.
niiice! love the white gloves.
i offer 150$ that's how confident i am you'll reject me
were already dating and i u
colin powell: bill clinton 'still d---ing bimbos (according to the nyp)' via
and he called trump a disgrace &amp; international pariah don't forget that tell the whole story
it is 100% true. this is an outlandish statement.
no, you people kept it in the news. it fits your agenda. own it.
no idea tatts got itchy
worst part about having a tattoo when your first get it
thank you! i have hope!
seriously. the short format is what gave twitter its fun and artistry.
not his policies, the fact people don't like hillary clinton.
you may be right that many americans would choose against their best interest because they "don't like" the other.
just heard about explosion in nyc. hope you are all safe terrible news this
really scary! praying for the injured!
don't be sorry, toll with it . i got a rt from...
how cool is that?! happy sunday!
we the hard working taxpayer will continue to fund their mistakes so they can appease losers and our enemies. enough
we need to break the nation to be able to build a new nation that will secure the international balance to save the planet.
thanks for all the help sana makapanood ako. try mo if this works there in the us
ooh i will! thanks!!!
look at my avi. i support trump, not hillary.
i saw it. think i'm blind as well?
i saw him shirtless in 2013 . in berlin he wasnt shirtless, only in munich
oh that sucks i thought you did
i do not like putin. i just want to know how trump is putins 'pawn'
russian economy has made putin restless,wants to get his lost territories,wants to make strongerru
chew honest scrap - cleveland, oh 7/15 i've been doing a little book editing and realized i never posted this...
hilarious advertisement- great find!
when do you find that it doesn't work? lines too long during rush?
line closed, or flying an airline that doesn't speak tsa for some reason.
happy birthday
thanks chris
why do trumpets get angry when truth is printed?
because numbers hurt what's left of their brain.
they need to shut up and get to grillin' them burgers like a good uncle does. be classy, daggonit.
bbd reading the reviews
doesn't the blue check mark solve anyone's confusion?
no. not at the speed of twitter when flicking through your feed.
this is sick &amp; outrageous. "man shoots father of 3, then calls 'stand your ground' hotline."
shoot 1st hotlines?! wallet-sized cards?! "this is basically preparing people: you're going to kill someone and you need to know what to d."
only barely, though!
i know what you mean.....
stop video was just released of the explosion i dont like this i dont like this one bit
i love you. we are safe
the greatest failure of the english language is that palindrome is not itself a palindrome.
sometimes, when i'm cooking, i'll add a pinch of salt and shout "onomatopoeia!"
pressure cookers with cellphones is just for cooking chicken i guess. wth is wrong with you
obviously it was intentional. but white christians use bombs too (eric robert rudolph, timothy mcveigh, ira).
earlier: mo' cheddah - see me ft phenom
brand new tune kadondo
von has an emoji ?
yes!! he has a whole bunch through apple, but i can't get them through android his sack dance too
happy birthday love and miss you lots !!
thanks girlll love and miss ya too!
hahah no but i dont care. he's perf both ways
yeah i know but he has a lot of abs now
we need to break the nation to be able to build a new nation that will secure the international balance to save the planet.
today's dems are tainted. like the clinton's they are a bunch of sellouts that are at the mercy of our enemies. we can't afford it
it's close. i think; i'd go hyde. more guaranteed touches.
if foster is active should i start him over woodhead?
this is sick &amp; outrageous. "man shoots father of 3, then calls 'stand your ground' hotline."
shoot 1st hotlines?! wallet-sized cards?! "this is basically preparing people: you're going to kill someone and you need to know what to do"
are you ready to get out and ride the tails? the arapeen ohv trail is one of utah's great places to ride!
yeah and if your federal elected officials have their way it won't be around much longer
you must not know the meaning of "polls" - sorry chico enjoy your head in the sand existence
polls? i supported obama, i know all about polls before an election. i hope you remember too.
flight cancelled. going nowhere today. cheers . elves, if you're reading this, i won't be in the office tomorrow.
come hang out in brooklyn, we can speak the official language of the us while you're still here.
i would've sold that shit bought an exploding samsung
lol, yeah. although if i recall, it did have "not for resale" all over the box.
muslims celebrate nyc bomb: "the lions of the caliphate roar in new york, we cause you pain inside your house"
can we glass mecca now?
i don't know about you, general statement. it's different if she's relative. a lot of times it's not, hence my post.
i was kidding. and i'm still asleep. don't mind my tweets sunday before 1 pm.
ta-da! another ! true coolness abounds, cellar bid! thanks so much. visit us for tons of goodies!
thanks for another &amp; your support, cellar bid! have a great sunday! spend some quality time at:
democrats sounding like red sox fans as bob stanley prepares to pitch to mookie wilson
please don't make mookie/ray knight the trump of an analogy.
nothing cures a hangover than an egg and cheese from a bodega and a glacier freeze gatorade.
disagree--a jump in the atlantic ocean is the only way!
what makes the fop endorsement of more meaningful is that the individual members voted for it, not only leaders.
only presidential candidate on the ballot was trump - automatic win not a true vote? clinton didn't apply!
just finished mastering
might drop today might not idk
previewing w/ panthers audio ron rivera: luke kuechly:
this dude rivera is a pussy
yas how old are ya?
i'm 21 years old how about you
at east bay stand down , helping serve dinner to those who served our nation.
hey eric! let's catch up + chat about how to bring to my hometown &amp; our community in the east bay
it is the mentally challenged that are asking negative questions to trump is why he ignores them
eggs or cereal for breakfast this morning?
y'all are blessed
yes we are!
hey, guess what?
meh. not excited for that. i want sega rally,virtua racing,&amp; panther dragoon back.
i just realized how excited i am for episode 2 of it's gonna be freaky af
decided to totally start watching this show thanks to you
these people clearly don't understand the basic thoughts behind not voting. it is tough, but critical thinking helps
i understand the "logic" but it doesn't grok. not voting = approving status quo or choosing to opt out of process.
blaming young people for privacy problems is like blaming them for climate change. adults made the world they're living in, not them.
i think it's how many old folks define privacy. they see "kids" posting every moment of their lives on social media. no privacy
hey , if you keep suggesting your supporters kill , someone will listen. the blood will be on your hands.
dogs in her shape are put down. but president trump never uttered words to kill killary.
uber accused of charging double to take terrified new yorkers home...
the free market is a beautiful thing.
huge thank you 2 legend the best hair salon in london! trim
nice hair cut! looking fly for your new video!
100% done w non-new yorkers exploiting our tragedies to push a hateful agenda. i'm in now &amp; no one here is calling for a muslim ban
not in front of you they aren't.
only the japanese phones have the hardware. not sure about the watches, might be different
same story with the watches, different model (not sure if that's visible in the hardware id)
did you miss the pressure cooker bomb that was found 4 blocks away ?
yes. gives us means but no motive or - yet - clues to a suspect.
why are debate rules being set by hillary? wtf???
by the looks of her last night she won't make the debate.
usually because they've been pushed too far, taken advantage of too much.. hit the limit too many times.
no that's not always the case...
you mean gif's like this?
yes, but the naughty one
we just walked past the explosion 20 minutes before it went off.
i live in seaside heights,explosion next town in seaside park,to close to home
since wednesday, i have caught 11 mice in my apartment
u need a cat
bortles or manning in a today? i like manning a lot but i feel as if he will be 30% owned, bortles around 10% owned.
i also have anderson, and beckham as chalk plays
with the new playoff system i wouldn't put it past them....they have 2 byes
but you have to love the dream's young front court talent. break out year for williams.
sweet potato mash with raw vegetables and salmon! perfect summer meal! x
yeas my fav too!
usap again us there?
hahaha for sure puro effects ang convo
i'm grateful for the , davy! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down:
, grazie, gracias, danka, merci, spoceba &amp; thanks for the , davy! we have music, books, etc.
gotta run, its been fun broncos
bye luce! talk later
lmfaooo yeah you right. that kinda just comes along with the package so i was never surprised
very true! just like i don't bother with "pretty boys" bcs i know they're a headache.
earlier: mo' cheddah - see me ft phenom
brand new tune life
all these hilarious wentz narratives are gonna be interesting once he shits the bed. how many ppl told me this browns d is worst in history?
on the other hand, i look forward to the fires of these takes getting even hotter if he continues to be good.
ugh wish i could hear it
the live recording was unreal!!!
you must not know the meaning of "polls" - sorry chico enjoy your head in the sand existence
end of day, you need my vote more than i do both of yours. you suck at recruiting.
family fun at longleat safari park...
looks like fun! more of god's beautiful creation!! :)
lmao what a hypocrite
don't use big words that you don't know the meaning of
thank you m'friend!!
exciting jen! i think it must be the magic necklace. still have mine on. it's bringing some crazy wonderful blessings.
today's photo challenge = orange/brown! share your photo. here's claretcup cacti at .
great idea as autumn approaches!!
when you think you're buggin but has a new avi she just loves taking pics with her bathroom door
lmaooo so you be watching my avis only place in my house w nice lighting lol
if they're not, why do you think so, is it cus his music hasn't been all over the us like that of eminem and jay z
he's really only had 3 successful singles. plus, he's an independent artist so he's a bit outside of the academy culture.
"i do think it matters where it started." - trump campaign manager kellyanne conway on birtherism.
ask why it's okay that a single billionaire - rebekah mercer, is trying to throw the election?
her last name is singh.....ill let u go ahead and do the research and see what faith, people with that last name usually have.
are you saying that islam is a race of people?
"parkinson patients develop a fixed stare &amp; mask-like expression with little 2 no spontaneous movements"
she is druggedhillary! side effects of her medications. not fit to lead!
apple maps. wondering why "barnes &amp; noble" is showing for example.
yeah. same for the wax center but i already went to a few places they show tho.
will that result in all no-parse able literals reporting errors?
not all literals but only string assignment statements.
the failing has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
i am receiving prank phone calls the democrats are becoming desperate. hillary is an unsuccessful politician vote mr trump
is our national hero.. he doesn't deserve that all!
agreed, musharraf ouster left him neglected
ok so don't judge me but i was about to ask why there was a dog in the room but then realized it was that ww's hair
same question!!! thought it was a dog with glasses!!
the deeper you go, the more you find blind self-destruction. could be easily winning.
missed you mike. i needed a dose of sour owl crap.
there's a 18 &amp; over edm night club in san diego wtf.... why did i just find out
which one did you see
application is en route to england now. maybe it's flying as we speak? i will be offline for 6 months during the process.
should my children have this account as a receipt of my pain? i could just really delete for good. toying w it. it's the past.
hillary &amp;their ncrats 'climate change' endeavors are afraud&gt;its a billion$scam&gt;@ itsworstlast8yrs
@ @ &amp;h did04&amp;polarbearsdying
america's largest police union endorses donald trump. as in racist, sexist, xenophobic, islamophobic, donald trump:
white supremacy is blue
after the dumpster blast, casualties from search for medical assistance on 23rd st.
so when is the stupid msm going to say this was terrorism instead of harping on trump that he said the word " bomb"?
the bartender gets progressively less enthused to be in jerry rice's mimosa sunday photos.
it looks like the bartender is slowly seducing rice's wife.
thanks for the follow
you're so welcome! great to meet you here and enjoy your inspiration!
marc jacobs really hit us with the "my racism isn't as bad as police violence, which i've never spoken about ever," redirect lmao
then gonna tell us to click a link and read you think we dont know whats goin on sir we been tryin to tell yall
i have zero responsibility for trump. none.
if you don't vote against him by voting for the only viable alternative, then yes do.
here's why low carb is high in fat, not protein:
"you cannot digest protein without fat." ~ vince gironda.
that feeling when the bombs are hitting the city right as the diazepam is hitting you.
looking good there . why isn't the dnc replacing her. too sick to do the job.
you got this
thanks chris
i would've sold that shit bought an exploding samsung
i have never been very fond of apple products and business practices in general. i think i did the right thing. ;)
"think of the press as a great keyboard on which the government can play" ~ joseph goeblels
a follower of ed bernays, the man who turned propaganda into public relations.
happy birthday girl hope you have a wonderful day !
thank youu
where'd you find that info?? he's still coming up as questionable everywhere i look.
official nfl inactives will come out around 1130. rotoworld a good source of info in meantime
what if you write yourself in?
i wouldn't want the job &amp; i feel a vote not for hillary is a vote 4 fascist shitbag cheetonazi
oh god an obama supporter. ok nvm this convo is over. bye bye!
yes, cause you have shit to say. 8 yrs and his name barely comes out of cheeto face. nothing of substance at least
that's a fact , had em frozen yesterday too
yooo, top 5.
like a house i saw in a dream, are there bookshelves on that center staircaise, and a loft overhanging the garage?
hadn't thought of having any bookshelves, and thats an office that overhangs the garage and looks out over the living room.
sherman's value to seattle makes all the sense in the world. elsewhere, it might not.
their scheme still belies claiming he's the best when others are expected to play full man
woke up to ellie singing the higgly town heroes theme song
be right there
watch calling it a 'bombing in ny' edits that out to hit trump
she's high af!
i was thinking about something in cali
you could go there
i want to marry myself in this thing.
no, in this!
i got bored waiting on the match
"two men that will be remembered as two of the best of a generation" come on conn, gooch is an all-time great, no comparison
u r a lovely human
we both thank u , love
from p22 to p5 your is sebastian vettel
i just became a fan of ricardo. i guess hamilton thinks the win should have been handed to him. can he respect the millions instead?
we're grateful for the follow &amp; , folks! good luck! visit us for good music, books, photos, ideas:
thanks for the , tenacious! we have goodies for you! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" at:
mike there's no pt in arguing with this individual - they voted obama....twice!! if tht doesn't tell you something
it tell you everything. now don't be rude and at least say thank you.
but after what happened two years ago, i've learned not to get my hopes up.
this. still not over it, and it will never be okay.
this is significant.
dan snyder doesn't see an issue
oh ok, i didn't realize that was only an apple thang
yeah, for once i'm jealous of people with iphones lol. that's the emoji i want!!
and i'm not pretending to be non partisan. my views are extremely heterodox.
whether you're right/left/nothing...it's a literal fascist movement knocking on the door, you have to do everything u can 2stop it
domestic....islamic...rightwing....black lives matter... your just as dead.
why is so consider brave &amp; brilliant then to rule out possibility of domestic terrorism when investigation is 12 hours old?
"two men that will be remembered as two of the best of a generation" come on conn, gooch is an all-time great, no comparison
great article though and crazy to see the physical evolution of the game
i aint even know sean was alive till this happened lol
right. he talked about how he only fucked with the documentary and nothing since but where's your music??
yes trump is a disgrace he's such a meanie benghazi tho
yeah trump tells the truth! colin is a liar!wmd?,hello!woodson great! see ..truth!
it's 9:30am on my birthday, i've already been bailed on twice, and my mental illness is alive and well today :)))))
im going to palladium rn if u wanna come :))
step up and let hillary know you've got her back. add your name now if she can count on you in november!
she'd stab yours if it lead to her self benefit.
music video: raph enzee () - daa - via
brand new tune
thanks for explaining what a comedian is
the struggle is real, people.
gop vice presidential candidate mike pence on birtherism: 'it's over'
if that is all you've got you're a bigger joke than i thought.
today i was groped, asked if i was married and told i have a beautiful smile, should smile more. all in &lt; 3h. traveling alone sucks
are you in ny yet? do you need something? i will gladly come and use bear mace on anyone that is threatening you.
. i know a happened and that its preventable, but can your solution also stop b? didn't think so, checkmate trumpkin
this dolt looks exactly like i would expect him to look.
this is either a photo of fox news/breitbart/townhall or of msnbc/media matters/correct the record/cap
we going take this campaign from gastown all the way to the bullet farm
i'd be like wow so pretty but like where's my cinnabon
see this is why we're related
he's already this media darling. even if he plays ok he'll continue to be anointed. too easy
a potential franchise quarterback on the eagles is bound to do that.
even with all the drugs 8-9 am is my breaking point
psychedelics &amp; dance breaks &amp; food
that's because the nsa was back logged on capturing your info...
probably true. although my info would be pretty dull.
thanks for the new rt, , corinna! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll:
thanks so much for the , corinna! truthiness abounds! visit us for good music, books, pics, ideas:
hey benji. just fyi this link on your onename site doesn't seem to work peace!
thx. seems to be working for me
welcome aboard 2 the elite staff! here's his 1st must-read piece 4 all dfsers!
great read and a huge win to get jeff on the staff! not a better (smart) contrarian tournament guy out there!
": 's hair gets the treatment on so true!
love the trumpster! hilliary the dumpster!
sal wouldn't have taken you aside. he would have read you infronta everybody.
i'm sure. the thing was it was a case of mistaken identity, so i had no idea what was going on the entire evening.
won't be able to make it :( hope we can meet up soon! happy sunday
for sure sweetheart. let's look at our schedules now. dm me when you can and i will give you some openings
cannot tell you how over chris christie fat jokes i am
sorry paul. hopefully my column b tweets will more to your liking.
# cheboygan song now running through my head 2m in
u can get anything u want while running
republicans can't stop bashing the consumer financial protection bureau, the hero in the wells fargo story
- apparently they aren't being penalized for the wrong doing-had this happened 10 yrs ago , w/ mayor giuliani be different 4sure
exactly! gotta watch the quiet ones... hahahha!!
you know me too well.
started off my day crying
rory's first bday today don't cry you get to see your whole fam
trump made many birther statements long after obama released his bc. remember the investigators in hawaii?
who asked him about it?
trump's epiphany on obama's birth might sway some voters. or not.
trumpsplaining:deliver birtherism x 5 yrs. minus birtherism x hillary=no apology needed.
i am in and watch people who are missing ahmadinejad. nothing is changed in reality.
just like how you all said 24m people voted for ahmadinejad in 2009? ya don't think so.
obviously i'm not badass enough to live in nyc. bomb goes off and another one found...i wouldn't be causally eating gelato.
it's a big city. the bomb went off in a neighborhood. thos is a bag of shells, compared to other catastrophic events we have
. if you vote you are validating and participating in the system you criticize, the logic should be "if you vote, you can't whine"
you have it ass-backwards. participating in the system is license to have a voice. btw, am a berner &amp; view hc as lesser choice
i got off the 1 train and missed the explosion in by 10 minutes. was supposed to walk down 23rd street. i'm safe and lucky.
amen! has to be surreal for you, glad you're ok.
i call that bullshit! it's an excuse.
good bye teabaggin patti! racism gets blocked in my world!
keep sending your tweets! here's our first batch of answers to your twitter questions.
wilson over flacco?? who is in the browns secondary?
music video: raph enzee () - daa - via
brand new tune
never ever.
i was actually thinking about those few seconds with the look of surprise/shock on his face that evening. still makes me cry.
well it also slights the browns which always gets lots of press
well that browns passing on a franchise quarterback that eagles select at no. 2 has been historically in the eagles favor.
omg i forgot i left a bag of pepperoni on my nighttable it's been there since 2pm
meg we don't say these things out loud
is that a dildo :(
no :-( it's a water bottle
"notorious establishment neoconservative warmonger dick cheney?" pence is beyond parody.
imagining these two on inauguration day. fml.
terrible man fuckin terrible
totally man, it's lame. there have been times people had to go up and buy a black shirt they were getting so much shit! lol
but what if he's been so successful with over 60 million albums sold by being independent, wuld he be in the academy
any artist can be in the academy. tech's a member. but there's voting that happens each year which determines who gets the awards
peace and love to all the world with hi ..
be with you, too. happy sunday !!
money power and some motherfuckin respek
see ur twin brother
. please explain why you are proud to proclaim yourself in the 50% of trump supporters that are racist and deplorable
it's to counterbalance the 100% of obama supporters who hate america to their very core.
good night plaid. good morning paisley.
i love paisley! so happy to wake up to it!
new yorkers on the actual scene of the explosion on west 23rd st. are more chill about it than trump is in colorado.
you say boo to trump &amp; he is losing it.
protip: if you're a football player headed to the endzone, do not let go of the fucking ball looking at you, cal.
football is back!
jules is still preloading tweets for game day
she's building her ammo reserve
would be nice if chelsea, seaside and st cloud were not terrorist related. be nicer if this shit just stopped. prayers for phillycops too
busy scary few days! very little coverage of being plowed down
dstv is very expensive
it's comparable in price to global services.
someone intentionally blows up a fucking bomb, what qualifies it as terrorism? whether he's white (crime) or muslim (terrorist)?
you have answered your own question. also, the insurance factor
being replaced sucks
so does coming in last place at the mud run
when i think of this guy.. i only remember one song.. and bet youll guess it right lol
really all i remember is nicki saying "ay, you mr. kingston"
help, twitter: my phone's battery is constantly plunging to zero. losing power quickly. old? fixable?
number of recharges per battery are limited.
like all bullies, trump is a coward. watch pastor timmons scold him. later tweets she was "nervous mess". no, he was
such a nasty little man. definitely hasn't seen his penis in a while.
is it quick and smooth?
super fast, and you get the notification on your phone too
like all bullies, trump is a coward. watch pastor timmons scold him. later tweets she was "nervous mess". no, he was
trump is such a coward. protected all his life but when confronted he's a wimpy coward -
drug/anesthetic shortages have led to harare central hospital's temporary suspension on elective surgeries.
they ran out of normal saline like over a year ago. was a panic at one point what to do
and just when did i say it wasn't?
you accused me of not thinking just because i'd like some evidence before making a conclusion.
same when i board flights with it.
and on the london tube!
i'm on tinder and swiping right. thot patrol sting operation is in full effect.
thotty dotty, they like to paaaty.
so in other words for 11 straight years we have beaten them with back ups. nice!
in the last 4 games we have played vawls with backup qb, we are 3-1
lol- i stick with apple cause i know how to use it....kinda
hahahaha!! i just always hear y'all complain about contacts being wiped out with updates. no thanks
they said the best qb got the job, i don't believe that. i think herbert had a better camp, all the receivers seemed to think so.
it's not to knock prukop. the playoffs are a no go. obviously prukop was here to get us there. so now it's time for the future
but what if he's been so successful with over 60 million albums sold by being independent, wuld he be in the academy
anyone who's a member historically could vote in any category. this year will be different. members can only vote in categories...
one of the cellphones video shows a guy with a bald spot on the back of his head, but in front of the person there is no guy.
soooo strange. usually i kid about shit like this but..
happy birthday still in love with your avi
thank you!! and of course it's my favorite!!
brick lane! foodie heaven!
always a must when i travel to london!
fellaini playmaking, rooney not connecting forward, wings not occupied. spotting some things here.
united/pogba need a 3-man midfield. rooney can't play in a 3-man mf.
lol- i stick with apple cause i know how to use it....kinda
plus, i'm apple illiterate, always have been lol.
so in other words for 11 straight years we have beaten them with back ups. nice!
last 4 wins over vawls overall, the running game was spectacular
rudy giuliani on nyc explosion: "to say it's a terrorist act is perfectly accurate."
no, rudy, it's not. we don't know enough yet to call it terrorism and as a former mayor of nyc here on 9/11 you should know that
music video: raph enzee () - daa - via
brand new tune
thk u. i dont see what the hype was
it's time to let the young talent build the chemistry since the playoff chances are gone. that simple. so let the future qb do it
coffee or whisky?
dude what a stupid question. if you are asking it, the answer is both, so go make an irish coffee.
oh wow, perfect! is that really all of them? very cool page. :)
all except for kaladesh and possibly some really obscure ones. kaladesh coming soon!
i get home from church and there's like days of mentions here...what's going on?
we're talking about you!! lol.
"neither party gets what's coming down the pike."
people don't get what's coming down the pike if trump elected.
from shares his exclusive look inside the elite specialized training school
it looks like the majority of cops don't train hard enough because they're not fit and are obese
. only had to ask one question and and deep in fascinating design theory and history discussion
milton glaser memories by -- they are off and running, at brooklyn historical society
team braap for the win!!!!
i literally came in last place and then i cried
you are nothing but a lying puppet! lied abt heritage and supporting a criminal-we will never vote4uagain
prop up hillary
the day just started lol
i've been up since like six bro
as christians, we are called to be missionaries of the gospel.
and as humans,we respect love , all roads to haven.
and just when did i say it wasn't?
certainly highly possible it is islamic terrorism. but far from the only possible explanation.
nah. it was a media farce, you've been duped
i don't think so media is very true crooked trump
the fact that ik who this is ab makes me laugh
yeahh werdd
wait, wtf? are you fracking serious? disenfranchised army veteran in nys you fracking fracktard, go frack yourself
was your right to vote denied you? that's definition of disenfranchised i voted bernie &amp; pushed his candidacy hard &amp; participated
nope. ////////////
i told you he'd like it and not find it weird. you gotta believe me.
happy birthday! good luck on your test tomorrow!!
thank you!!!!!
got to and they were closing. drove all the way over there. i thought bars closed at 2am not 11 smh
sorry you arrived just as we were closing. we operate as a restaurant and open again at 9am today. hope to see u another time!
i can't express how badly i don't want to go back to college
i feel the opposite, i can't wait to go back
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
hey donnie. fuck you.
but what if he's been so successful with over 60 million albums sold by being independent, wuld he be in the academy
...they know the best. tech will need to generate a lot of support from voters within the academy.
hmm this story sounds familiar.. and the ending is obvious
rex best fit is nfl television shows or def coordinator. he never adapted an offensive philosophy.
have fun girls xxx
thanks love
increasingly feeling these clinton ads operate in one big, closed circuit of self-satisfaction.
you think that's the last ad they'll run?
music video: raph enzee () - daa - via
brand new tune kadondo
stellar example of all levels of government working together to keep new yorkers safe.
they are like our divorced parents
oh over. it doesn't matter. win or lose
couch, mattresses, vehicles, sunsphere quite possibly.
- photos klaaaaaaxon!!! (bunch of gold here)
carlos mendes celebrates with family and coach ahead of
that's how it read on my end
doesn't surprise me lol!
hala thank you happy birthday po pala and god bless
salamat para kasing timy na vkxvt edition hehehe
"the older you get the better you get unless you're a banana" photo by:
more importantly: let's go
campaigns. ugh! still searching for underground railroad. am i going in the right direction?
"all roads lead to canada" i have an offer of a couch in toronto for the duration.
extreme rhetoric is dangerous on both sides. need to be honest with people
truth is not extreme, cover ups and bias are...
more unpopular than in the us
while violence against any innocent person is deplorable, it is wrong to suggest acceptance of all ideologies.
pence if he is comfortable with trump's style/name calling: "i really am." suggests things "little different" in ny
you really have a propensity for candidates who don't get new yorkers, huh?
and just when did i say it wasn't?
the anthrax terrorism of 2001 was likely a domestic copycat of 9/11, fbi concluded. the notes were pretty bad fakes.
yeah. my dad got tickets like 2 days ago
word let's take a w tonight
. "is there a line, and where is it, when this information becomes more dangerous to the public than helpful?"
check tweets and replies vs. tweets to see how various thought leaders may be placing your q.
good morning beautiful people!
: good morning. been a minute, friend. you good?
hey how was your show last night?
it was trash how was yours?
hey, she just rolled out of bed.
tired of counting from friday's birthday bribe oops bash
mary talking bout dirty d bareback
that's how i roll on game days
2-0, homecoming week starts tomorrow, football teams about to get treated lovely... life is good
can't wait to watch y'all put in work
i'm feeling everything about these pics okayyy
right so hot
what are you grateful for today? list 3 things:
life itself!
next year volunteer w me and we can just play in the mud and not run
i think shane might be mad at me if i don't run he told me were getting in shape for next year
just because says it, does not mean it is true. in fact, if you've been paying attn, quite the opposite.
actually when hillary says something the odds are prohibitive that it's a lie.
thanks ! we love working with nail artist x !!
we love our !
proud trumpster hillary add me.
she is a prop held up by media
i don't begrudge the many negative reviews this has gotten. it's long and not exactly a dramatic/emotional rollercoaster.
my only complaint was the stage set up (the side walls came out past the proscenium) so i lost a 1/3 of the stage from view
early stage of an illustration i'm building in vr with
whoa, looks crazy -- i would love to see the tilt file when it's ready!
m8 i had some jim beam and i'm on imdb and i wanna correct every one of these fuckers.
i've been there - don't waste your time lol
oh god...just saw you know who warming up in the bullpen(and i'm not talking about romo)..lol
casilla is a nice person but his little brother is really cool. i missed the game i'm at work nights
fielding some serious anti-semitism from a supporter in my inbox right now. subject line: "kike"
you should see the amount coming from supporters. very disconcerting.
headed to the bkbf! i'll be in the / booth 11 to 1 - come say hello! after that, they let me off my leash.
awww you'll be fine before i get there!
does a pipe bomb explosion warrant cutting off regularly scheduled programming? it just allows politicians to grand stand!
yes, gov. cuomo...everyone did a great job; now, can we get back to our regularly scheduled programming;
that i'm smart and beautiful and sweet and talented who am i kidding
yeah, yeah...that's what we were saying lol!!
. "is there a line, and where is it, when this information becomes more dangerous to the public than helpful?"
we need to keep each other informed as long as the information has substance and still keep close what is needed.
so mike pence is as big a liar as trump, huh? tea party folks started it, and trump made mainstream.
btw the economy has done well under obama. according to the census, the rich and the poor made gains; median income has risen.
i do sorta miss seeing a bunch of friends every sunday morning though
that is a bummer. but isn't it sad that we apparently have no friends outside of religion?
martha raddatz on abc this week struck a tone i would describe as, "aren't we right to be scared sh*tless about this?" re: bombs in new york
i don't want, expect, or need editorializing from news types on how i should be reacting to news. just facts, please.
enough is enough. india must attack and finish pakistan but this time dont give away 90 k pows pr terrirory won by j
94k pow.can't be kept for ever.india should not have returned lahore after1965.
how long did it take to fight your way to the bar tho
haha not bad at all. got there like 745 and got a spot up front, he showed up about a half hour later
i hope you're one day raped to death
you arthur levittown are a disgusting piece of garbage. i will be reporting you and what you said
carlos mendes celebrates with family and coach ahead of
carlos mendes celebrates postgame with .
lol. even if 95% of the population doesn't vote 1 of these 2 idiots is still going to win.
unfortunately, this is how our system works. will you work to change it in next 4 years or just twitrage?
'but 1st' continued 'i'll exploit them for political gain, leak the story, hamper police'
leak the story? hahahaha, explosion in manhattan. and he leaked it lol! your so obsessed it's comical
i know i should see "snowden" but it feels capricious what with my primary-season shailene woodley boycott announcement
i don't want to see it at all but also feel obligated
wake up gavin.hillary wants to take our handguns.trump only suggested that she start by disarming her ss detail.
gavin please grow up and stop acting like such a little girl.
there's a couple svas buildings around the corner (comp art, interior design, etc) &amp; an art store. most of those artists are art students :p
i went to sva 1972-5 when there were just 2 buildings on the east side.
i actually kind of liked it. it felt as much academic essay as drama, which i haven't experienced in a theater work before.
anything to the audience right was a crap shoot if it wasn't out front. but it was worth it since huppert was so amazing
that looked so hard so god bless yous
it was the worst because it was so dry out you were basically just running through the woods in the heat
look deep into my eyes and you will see the future!
you have a huge face
hillary said "bombings" yet media and hillary both attack trump for using the same word! smh
she seems hypnotized, "hillary your eyes are getting very heavy, time for your nap."
the amazing &amp; i celebrated by in royal style!
love this! char would be impressed
2 bombs explode in nyc and new jersey, 2 others found. msm is scared of hillary.
all the news is either scared of or paid for by hillary n obama!
i updated to ios10 and your app isn't working, is there a fix coming?? it keeps crashing.
please delete the app and reinstall with the latest version in the app store which is compatible with ios 10
you know how we do
duhhhhhh take that w
assad is so civilized! he wears suits and speaks softly as he bombs civilians and hospitals.
so what are westerners who created terrorists t attack a stable country because they could not take a gas pipeline through syria?
happy sunday morning! hope urs is peaceful
good morning! hope your enjoying your weekend! if your with josh say hi to him from me!
and just when did i say it wasn't?
the mo in nyc isn't that similar to isis attacks in brussels, turkey, paris, et al. far less sophisticated and coordinated.
no offence but what was calum trying to do
ashton's jealous
ben mcadoo dresses like a grade school teacher
he's always wearing stuff that's two sizes larger
music video: raph enzee () - daa - via
brand new tune africa
i was out there on the road... life out of control
she became a victim to my busy schedule
we need ideas, not insults. plans, not paranoia. we can't let 's legacy fall into the hands of someone who doesn't understand that.
emphasize to vote, we don't want a con man in the wh.
robert gates: donald trump is "beyond repair"
our corrupt politically correct government is..vote president trump to save it.
srsly dude lol. but damn it was so embarrassing and he won't stop saying ilu and i swear my face is gonna be red forever.
doc can be just as ultra mushy as you are.
call me crazy but i think we need a man like putin in the whitehouse, and i think we all k...
this bomb shit soul never happen with him at the helm.
whatever. it's was pressure cooker bomb. like muslim terrorist typically use. this one found unexploded
cmon. these things are everywhere
i've often argued india should take leaf from israel.but unlike israel our failed state neighbour pakistan has nukes
do not fear the nukes. go for attacks with deniablity - large ones against the shittistan army
predict stupid cuomo: workplace violence!
we, people's powertold you another stupid indenial!
been there. take an esl class.
birther=trump= no blacks. wall=trump=no latinos end of pp =trump = no female. how is that for one of 4 languages i speak?
when your production crew changes your "green" dress into a black cocktail dress
were they all guys?
i don't know. the images on the phones look superimposed.
i'm not zooming in that far i'll leave that to you
nice i bought tickets to the one in december against the chargers
sick me and my cousins always go to that game
lol i hear that. 7
yes it's with a long time friend that every time we link we think we're 24 again
l for the music. l
i paid for the itunes music mane. i gotta let that thang shuffle b
good morning my friends!
gm christine
well obviously friendship doesn't require religion, but i'd happily admit that many churches are good at building community
true. sad that they seem to have the monopoly on community building.
we should be so lucky.
what exact experience do you have running a campaign?
couldn't be more correct...or funnier!
love this but sadly, it is true and people don't get it!
yes! and guess who illustrated it?! your friend !!! we are all connected!
triple hops!
nice stuff! thanks so much for making this. :)
i made it for exactly this, wanting to see all the arts without duplicate reprints. enjoy!
i prefer google flights. bots are only as good as the algorithm written by the human...now if they had a bot...
yeah it's just not very conducive to doing flight searches, all the "talking"
when u spend more than 100 million den dat is a lame excuse to make.
when you have a basic understanding of football you know that team chemistry can't be replaced by . patience is
it's a edm club
well since i'm always here might as well go check it out
wilson's ankle looks bad. philly has a good front 7 but can't match up with the wrs
was thinking the same
"phobia" is an irrational fear. history has proven over and over again islam is a violent death cult stuck 1,400 yrs out of date
assuming something is a terrorist attack and perpetrated by muslim when you have no clue what happened is fearful islamophobia.
now the kids better head out
that's not an issue lol, we don't have any. except for the fur babies. and they hide when i'm watching
thanks for letting us know you're enjoying it, patrick! we hope you have a great day ahead.
absolutely!
yeah, some of my view of house right was obscured, too, though i think i saw most of the important action.
those reflective surfaces on the sides helped in that regard.
have you tried the troubleshooting steps here: ^ac
i will, thanks!
prediction alert-dallas 26 washington 24 (0-1 on season). dzd. dak-zeke-dez. let em do it coaches.
nice of you to embrace your inner "cowsheep." just hoping garrett opens the playbook up more for dak this week!
mike pence: birther issue is "over"
pence the issue will be over when you denounce racism.on one side david duke is your surrogate,on the other side pretending.
the worst... once bought airline ticket for the wrong day. more familiar with the days of the week starting on sundays.
yep!!!! ugh
moderating the plenary at 4pm tomorrow night for annual conference in nyc! come join us!!
looking forward today to seeing one of westchester's best at
earth is a living breathing life,it's been violated and seeks compensation and retribution from all mankind.
earth can not speak for itself,it must be represented in world court...i believe that earth is choosing you.
what are the laws in new york on psychiatric holds for those who are a 'danger to themselves and others'? has anyone reported donald trump?
i wish someone would but he pays everyone off so no one would do it
if the shoe fits.....
lace that bitch up and wear it
3 terrorist attacks on american soil in the same day anyone want to bet obama makes his sunday morning tee time?
sound familiar "w"?
people are fucked up, man... stay safe out there, fam.
that's how most people in ny look to me. i'm kinda used to it
i dont like the word "use" when it comes to people
perhaps "utilize" is a more precise term
clinton is at like 42%. obama won 51%. so yes, she's underperforming him in almost every voting group.
obama had 3rd party opponents?
we refused to learn from 26/11 when msm ran a live telecast of the anti-terrorist operation, putting so much at risk
so you understand what bakra the bleater did? don't blame all msm
have more start-sit questions? we'll answer 10 of 'em using roster advisor. ask us using . go!
jonathan stewart or maclin in the flex?
canelo fucking him up but smith tough......
i think he can beat
it's like 's crown!
oh there it is!!!
whatever aqk was blamed for was correct but in that 1/
actually mush protected him and diffused the situation
"your stories are not featured in the news. you don't have demonstrators taking to the streets on your behalf."
it's about time our innocent families are heard and they receive justice
why is six afraid of seven?
because seven told him not to run up or he'd come across him holding one uh dees
update it !
keep checkin my settin but ain't shit there
is the politically correct term for yet another . our government is still reactive vs proactive!
.: re: .agree ((also better describes mayor 's ethics issues))
i think we're just different chess players
you're very sweet. to get serious, i think we're about equal as far as some factors, but i think i lose focus a lot easier.
music video: raph enzee () - daa - via
brand new tune
you just keep digging a deeper hole too.
yes, i realized that once i hit reply on that one i'm always one step behind.
congratulationsyou are nominated for mtv vmaj 2016 best group videorock video
so deserved.
no need to tamper w/ ballots. unfairness of russian elections began w/ repression long ago.
is there democracy in the west or do small groups decide?
gov. chris christie: "the birther issue is a done issue"
stop lying gate
ain't nothin free in this world boy
i have a joke. i have a joke, but it is inappropriate. i'm not going to say it.
delete the app
learn the game bih
on , trump aide blames hillary clinton for "birther" movement via
i didnt see but hope the follow up was every fact check says thats false.
i can't read all these mentions if you keep making them! i'm so lost.
it's game day jules. you should plan accordingly. always
2/2 i'll never 4get wars against 60's civil rights movements by white oligarchy who then pushed consumption
right on. and neoliberalism is the embodiment of that
chicago liberals finally admit "guns aren't the issue" - they need more cops to stop the...
we need better values taught to people .
hillary's poll numbers tank in d.c. as "safe democrat" city suddenly comes into play for trump
that's because people are starting to wake up. pres has to be more concerned with terrorism than their wallet
hey sweetheart, don't bust a vein. still not getting it. are you legal to vote anyway?
yes. i will vote for warmonger hrc, for trump is a even more flamboyant sociopath. i think you are the illiterate
happy birthday usaf, and thank you! god bless!
thank you for all your years of service! we are proud of you!
the most running o did was running back to my station after playing in mud when i realized more runners were coming
i was actually being tortured the whole time
episode he wasn't alone. it was the state strategy or2/
only way to raise money after so many moratoriums
jake tapper is *much* more aggressive with tim kaine on sidney blumenthal than he was with chris christie on trump's birtherism &amp; taxes.
he wasn't even listening to kaine. the curse of the "tough question"
fort/prison with a view
we were there yesterday! hope the vendys were fun. it was a gorgeous day.
yes. i was. as were hundreds of thousands of bernie supporters in my state and millions around the country.
just curious, so you didn't get to cast a provisional vote? i live in brooklyn &amp; saw 6 people who were purged &amp; had to do that.
mayor diblasio and covering the fact that this was "not a terrorist act" just to shove shit to the side
and diblasio cant act like this shit wasnt a terrorist attack and make us think everythings okay...its not
yeah but they couldn't find the winning goal ... nevertheless we move on and face indy eleven next week
that's true but edmonton gives up about 1/2 of a goal a game and seba and arangoooal hit a couple of posts
music video: raph enzee () - daa - via
brand new tune mbilo
sold uranium to iran...that's a crime right 1/2
he didn't sell he showed how to enrich
the following year romney's "47% takers" comment did him in &amp; within 5 yrs a democratic socialist won the presidential primary in 22 states.
yes- is that why we're electing a fascist now? scary
. on nyc, nj and minn. violence: "this is a very, very disturbing confluence of events"
can you say france and britain?
hey sweetheart, don't bust a vein. still not getting it. are you legal to vote anyway?
and perhps e bit primitive. i can see the insults about to come out. you are known for not speaking your own language well
true. police union did themselves no public service by endorsing a guy who talks in violent terms about shooting people either.
exactly. i think there are a lot of men who have a problem with a women as president
trying to roll to this and eat bbq after
bring a squad and we'll fucking feast, dad.
on , trump aide blames hillary clinton for "birther" movement via
mein kampf by hitler- repeat a lie often enough, it becomes the truth. basis of nazism
i thought we were done with iraq guess not.
honestly we're never done. i sat in kuwait and ended up not going crazy it was
blast in . bbc 'nothing to suggest this was anything other than home grown terror'. well that's alright then aunty. arses
sorry, katie, we new yorkers aren't giving in to hysteria just yet. you and trump can hold off until we have acts, if you can.
and intentionally setting off a bomb isn't enough ?
no. the motivation matters. has to include political, religious, or ideological goal at the least.
bomb rips through manhattan! this is what wants you to accept as the new normal. don't fall for it.
incompetent, corrupt, career politician mayor..
apparently i went real nuclear last night on the guy i like who also likes me, ruining that, because i'm a nightmare that can't accept love
aw champ i'm sorry
we, people's powertold you another stupid indenial!
yeah ur nightmate ofdishonesty/lying gov like hill!
that was kind of oracle to send such a high-ranking representative to meet you. :-)
you severely overestimate my status sir, but thank you nonetheless
cuomo: "a bomb exploding in ny is obviously an act of terrorism but it's not linked to international terrorism" like isis
are we in the middle of a cultural civil war in the usa more than ever that has become very hostile,very hot ?
how's your sunday
i'm grocery shopping
before i side with you i'll wait for to respond
i stand by my words
announcing it on twitter isn't (did i do that right)
yes u did the thing
it's 10 am, i just woke up in a pool of my own vomit, and i'm still 85% turnt, someone call an ambulance
my room mate just said "are you okay?? you have vomit on your shirt...."
i just wanna go to the gym and get my act right maynnnnne ):
i heard we're signing up for planet ..
&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;------ just found pic of you
u don't think trump's speech is hateful racist &amp; sexist? you're the one with their head in the sand
my eyes hurt from rolling so hard
all it lacked was a few
smh i'm going to bed
operation get adams car back
mailed out price protection to you guys for my gf. we forgot to put claim # on the form.. i have tracking number of the package
any chance you guys can somehow help?
is a with sprinkled atop. ed veggies ready to be...
so need to do just that!
better yet, stay away from those nutjobs, unless you're in the mood to troll someone.
i get a kick out of trolling them, it is like kicking a hive of retarded wasps.
i'm glad you survived the big e. it's a weird little world over in springfield
it truly is...
how on earth did you find that tweet
showed up in my timehop. still as prescient as ever.
and diblasio cant act like this shit wasnt a terrorist attack and make us think everythings okay...its not
"were not gonna let them win" so were gonna act like isis isnt running game right now? im worried
seriously, what is the matter with you? you seem to have a lot of knowledge but not much wisdom.
your tone is disappointing. insults aren't a way to move a conversation forward. do you always do that?
such hurtful words from an enlightened progressive. see also: part of the problem.
oh no!!! you are pissy cause i will vote for the warmonger
. to chris wallace: the birther issue was raised by the clinton campaign in 2008.
which is a lie. even if true wouldn't absolve "dangerousdon"
happy birthday good luck on ur test love and miss yaa like crazy
thank you!! love and miss you too b
when you have a reason to life again
omg is that sofia
mt : justice department declined an fbi request to investigate the clinton foundation
she lies faster than her waist has grown.
thanks ted.
this coming from a republican who refuses to endorse trump? how hypocritical!
it's adorable and i love him too much ema help me.
i cant. you did this to yourself by being all gay.
waiting for barrow to get off the field like....
just so many turn overs at hsnfeet
we cause you pain inside your house, isis supporter bragged online
who allowed un- vetted terrorists into usa??? president obama and hillary's policies....
brilliant from kt and tom there. the hoops are ahead in the highlands. send us your thoughts via comments.com or tweet us!
hh was a brilliant play! great strike!! we believe the future is very bright! we've signed some good talented bhoys. coybig
that's down to the fact that dwarf voices are basically carbon copies anyway. has there ever been a non-generic dwarf voice?
they ripped off gimlis voice. tolkiens rolling in his grave
packing for paris and abt to leave. 14 hrs ride ahead...
are you going to see justin on tuesday
clinton foundation spent barely 6 percent on charitable grants in 2014:
terrible clintons-lining their own pockets-their crimes are starting to show on their face.
er, well... volunteering is also a thing you can do?
you can also phone bank or my favorite stand on the side of a road with a sign
thank goodness people still getting cocktails in nyc people were worried.
do you prefer breakfast?
cnn edits hillary's embarrassing response to nyc bombing - fixed it right up ah bullshit,ah,bullshit
media props up hillary
oh, i see. jill. currently polling at 2-3 percent. i see. you would rather let trump destroy the world that give up ur dream.
i have clearly pointed out instances of racism in 2008 clinton campaign. if one ignores racism there, how can we call it out w/trump?
"were not gonna let them win" so were gonna act like isis isnt running game right now? im worried
as a nyer born and raised after 911 im tired of terrorists and tired of living in fear shouldnt have to be this way
oh the progressive dem liberals of chelsea just got a dose of muslim terrorism keep towing the party line
one know who was responsible known terrorist groups taking credit't incite mire hatred and fear.
then why he is cursed..?
i can explain offline not here
he's saying it perfectly and true.
who is "he"
shoutouts to all the homies, i had a great birthday guys, thx
didn't even know it was your birthday
her stance on immigration is 'diversity is our strength' it's racist and genocidal. fuck hillary.
and that means "i want mass terrorism"? it is just proof you are a bigot. get over it,
qualified at what? screwing up? no, thanks.
qualified at turning everything she touches into a disaster &amp; international incident.
hahahaha yeahh!!!!! get one for each of us and for the italian club room haha
we'll get one for michelle to put on her moms minivan
oh, i thought you did
no worries! we have a niece and nephew. those are the kids you always see
delete some of your apps and make sure your phone is on the charger
thanks imma try everything lol
don't give up! this is the perfect opportunity to train that pup to fetch you a beer!
he fetched me 1/2 a pizza
family time after a long week on the campaign trail for definitely needed this.
no love is greater than a child's love and family..
this makes complete sense if you have small kids.
i don't but he wants the crunch but cold.
safeguarding police not a priority for cop loathers obama or loretta lynch. to busy commuting prison sentences.
our next president must protect law enforcement or we are doomed as a nation
oh, i see. jill. currently polling at 2-3 percent. i see. you would rather let trump destroy the world that give up ur dream.
why is it important for you to insult my character or impugn my motivations for who i vote for?
this your child?
absolutely
cook needs to leave apple before he does any more damage.
meh, i found it easier for me to leave apple.
this is my future husband
and his name is?
who's having a meltdown?
perfect addition 2 everything i need one stop shop i'd prefer asian fusion though. lol
got your ber ready lmaooo rt : chachos is calling my name ; houston i will see you soon. get ready cousin :)
hobby wench! get lady liberty ready
i am serious, and you know i reject the idea that the game comes down to just who wins/who loses
oh, absolutely, and i wouldn't say one of us loves chess more or is a better chess thinker than the other.
start playing destiny again
haven't played in a while but i'm a natural with the scope
pence says trump wasn't calling for violence against clinton | ap photo
that's his job. the madman lies and his associate provides something akin to sane in walking it back.
more good news guys! excited to keep working w/ for 10 races in 2017 at
i and the hubby could not be happier for you and team penske!
. now on : the fbi is leading the investigation here in new jersey. this is clearly an act of terrorism.
the fbi? comey will find no nexus to terrorist or terrorism.
is it sweater season yet because i am absolutely desperate to wear these fall acquisitions
i'm desperate for you to wear them, too
no way y'all lost to watford
off some bullshit
drop the ball and you deserve to lose possession. cal shouldn't be rewarded for its stupidity.
agreed if cal got it back for go ahead win after the drop, but cal was up when he dropped the ball. take points off?
oh, absolutely, and i wouldn't say one of us loves chess more or is a better chess thinker than the other.
but i do think wins count for something, mainly, who's the better athlete.
any amsterdam travel experts out there?
thanks guys! so many good suggestions.
hey, after yesterday, i had to go to church. and i'm already breaking commandments just seeing von
football weekends are rough for the man upstairs
that would be a very interesting map...although none of those other developers are running for president.
. on a platform of "i alone can fix it" no less! still good standard of scrutiny for all developers.
someone bring me a water bottle, a low carb monster and snacks so i can survive this shift
and a sweatshirt
twitrage? fuck i could care less...i don't live in the us. i just find it funny that people say not voting works.
thanks 4 clarification. just to give an idea, in local primary elections, average turnout in brooklyn is 7%. weak.
. tells us what we can expect on the panel for this morning's edition of ! snapchat: meetthepress
i bet uses the meet the press snapchat to send dick pics. not that there is anything wrong with that
you work today what time is your lunch?
whenever i feel like it lol me &amp; my new pr friend from the bronx getting our nails done with her lady tues. join?
trump's weakness: "can't control urges &amp; drives most people gain control over early in life" best analysis yet:
boy, he's got so many - how do you boil down to just one? you should tweet storm a top 20 weaknesses!
at which point he will write articles about how it is counterproductive to shame hrc voters 4 her actions
assuming that bc i'm for hrc i support every position of hers is the kind of absolutism that leads to useless protest votes.
i 100% agree with you! genius.
episode i'm watching right now has him in one of those green &amp; white benetton rugbies! unreal.
oh, i see. jill. currently polling at 2-3 percent. i see. you would rather let trump destroy the world that give up ur dream.
that's a bit of hyperbole, no? plus, clinton is the candidate who supports war in mid east. talk about destroying the world. syria?
i was not prepared for how much swearing there was in the angry birds movie.
wow those birds must have been pretty angry!!!
make no mistake. tyranny doesn't arise from strength. it's insecurity, something trump has in spades.
rational is off. understand that tyranny gained foothold from we the people -of good conscience- remaining silent 4 2 long.
i was stuck in the traffic jam on my way home. never made it to firehouse.
victim pronounced dead at hospital. 67-year-old man.
starbucks?) they called me eden, irwin there:)
actually at starbucks they didn't ask, but any other coffee did
yet...it was muslims and followers of islam who did attack. wouldn't want to call out the attack, would we?
sorry, you have no idea what you're talking about. terrorism isn't defined by a religion.
broken english. your caps lock button is on. i think you are the type of citizen we don't want. thanks. vote trump!
the cap makes it easier for me to see. i am your nightmare citizen, the growing one. twitter english has 2bbroken
i'm talking about to that nasty ass place
lol there too!
any amsterdam travel experts out there?
thanks guys! so many good suggestions.
"warmest regards" is a hilariously weird phrase to use about a bombing
salutations my recently bombed companions!
lies rt : airport straight to chachos and ima make her go inside that hoe ! par-tay
truths cause it's sunday and i don't tell lies on sunday
broken english. your caps lock button is on. i think you are the type of citizen we don't want. thanks. vote trump!
only 140 characters. now go get your sheet and burning cross.
i don't know how to post videos but keith obermann's trump rant must be seen by the masses it's a list of trump's own f'ups
do you have the link for it? just do control c to copy link come back to twitter and do control v it will give u link
assuming that bc i'm for hrc i support every position of hers is the kind of absolutism that leads to useless protest votes.
i mean, forgive me if you've found someone to vote for who mirrors your thoughts 100%. i never have.
he so mad it's ridiculous. sean kingston not even speaking on it, why is he? game fake af.
he was he deleted all his videos tho
oh that lip &amp; hair *makes the sound* ouuuuu
lol thanks doll
"what amazon, itunes, and uber teach us about apple pay" via
"an increasing number of services will automatically infer sufficient context to take actions like payment on our behalf." ~
another lame excuse
abbas = thug. palestinian authority rewards terrorists for number of jews they kill
hello. i need an email address to send an information, thank you.
hi there! please feel free to dm us and we'd love to help.
it doesn't matter who asked him. he kept up with the birther comments. he tweeted stuff as recently as 2013. christie is lying.
explain to me why trump's opinion where obama was born matters a damn? is it just bc you have a low opinion of black ppl?
one of many troubling probs w/ trump jumping to conclusions on ny bombing is that he and his staff then had to hope it was a bomb.
oh, i don't think that was a problem for them. they were hoping that from the start; probably annoyed nobody died.
like , andrew cuomo is still holding out hope that the bomber was a white non-muslim american male.
maybe, just maybe, they're waiting to find out for sure before blaming a group of ppl. you don't think it's good to know first?
when your daughter wakes you up for the big game, 5 hours early.
might as well go buy beer
if criterion for having a political opinion is being a professional political operative, we're in big trouble.
see when the debates come around these ads might come up again. candidates have to answer for them
question: what is your writing routine? mine's sporatic.
my goal is write a least, after work fours a day
whiny ass blocked me! hilarious.
what did you say? the truth?
.: the bombs that were in new jersey appear to be different than the ones that were in manhattan.
can you say terrorists ?? or are you part of the cover-up ? lying about no camera footage..
the entire world is freaking out about this nyc explosion. except new yorkers... they don't seem to give a shit.
i'm statistically more likely to get hit by an uber then hurt by some kind of explosion.
i googled "one trail you have to hike in yosemite" and the mist trail came up...i need to research it!!
i'm taking my dad to the sonoma race today. any recommendations for the day? or good place to view the race?
hates lies. on liar's payroll.
just can't imagine a woman with small children can defend &amp; support trump a conman unbelievable!
just wanna watch this fucking cowboys game but no the pussy giants have to be on
there gonna get smacked today
nobody wants to get a bagel with me i'll go by myself you snakes.
i sleep on the couch why didn't you just wake me up..:
bernie bust: only 150 turn out at sanders ohio stop for hillary via
support standing rock not the train wreck.
need 2 of these 4 in a 2qb, ppr: shepard, michael floyd, diggs, cutler.
need 2 of these 4 in a 2qb, ppr: shepard, michael floyd, diggs, cutler.
players ... dont click that button, homies. trust your first instinct!!! ?
starting todd gurley today...
you're welcome!! have a wonderful weekend!
i'm on tape delay. thank you you too ##
cannot believe that my ass has to take the bus like a peasant
would pick u up but got that late arrival soooo
his war with murdering thieving muslims isn't inline with the idea that he knew muslims are dangerous for usa? lol
there's american history and then there's dixie history.
i googled "one trail you have to hike in yosemite" and the mist trail came up...i need to research it!!
awesome! have a great time!
there gonna get smacked today
who the cowboys hilarious
i'm sad that u completely missed the message of our revolution hc &amp; dt bribers = same!
for sure. this is usa. one of these 2 sociopaths will be potus. no other will. the warmonger hrc less kkk
. i guess you don't remember the horrible shape republicans had us in 8 years ago!
what changed? it's the "new normal." thanks obama!
i know exactly who you are demon. isis are the true muslims
jared i agree with u that isis are the true muslims. others r "liberal" muslims.
salty that digly went to webster while ricky and i stuffed our faces at millers
im fake i know
no one is suspicious that is the gayest area of manhattan? could it be orlando-esque?
actually, the west village is gayer. truth is, they're taking the whole of manhattan over. brooklyn is next.
i think the nyer in me is part of why i haven't tweeted about the explosion. i was like, eh everything looks fine
everything is fine? 29 human beings are hurt. why are so many new yorkers so cocky?
why are people that work at post offices always so miserable. if you dont like people dont choose a people job
i work at the usps...i love my job.
just watch lol rt : truths cause it's sunday and i don't tell lies on sunday
why my own family would want to make a liar outta me is just going over my head right now ; being up ass yo ny
to work in the and ...
that's the attitude to have today!
it is literally my last night to sleep in for the next ? years. unless i'm on a long work layover! that'll be a nice treat! !
ummmm...for the rest of your life. no sleep for you!
thats why you have no clue. grow a set. muslims aint your friend.
"grow a set"? i'd say the folks who so irrationally fearful of islam are the ones who need to "grow a set."
this is bec
you should watch it
sorry to miss you folks tonite. hope to catch you tmrw. if not, there's always the internet!
your have a conference today right? cc
dumb and dumber? debbie wasserman schultz makes stuff up and her msnbc reporter goes right...
dumber and sadder are the voters who reelected a lying crook..
uuuuuggghhh... i bought something from a facebook ad so now i have to clean. i don't even have facebook
really i don't. that's totally not my bs account stalking you that keeps showing up in your "people you may know" section
what happened to your display? seems to have been replaced by &amp; now i don't know where to find you! :(
hi aly! thanks for being a flower petal! however we are no longer available in canada. so sorry about that.
.: "whoever placed these bombs, we will find and they will be brought to justice."
start looking in your immigrant communities and mosques!
sureeeee will join and 12:30 for lunch? i'm going to look at a room in bushwick at 2!
come after you check out the room! cause i get off at 8:30 remember. i can't take lunch early lol
i did not assume that. but you don't get to shame others for their votes and presume that your own votes are above reproach
i don't presume anyone's votes are. we vote for the best imperfect person, then push her to do better. how else can it work?
burt lancaster's childhood pal nick cravat once saw lancaster take a gang member's switchblade away &amp; open-hand slap him into submission.
have to read up on burt. recent watching has pretty much confirmed him as my favorite movie star.
why i want to buy the ny jets
i'm confident your north star will become a reality
hi sweet folks!well he is with us,&amp;is by r sides.invite god into ur lives,even if u think he can't hear,he's with u
good morning new followers,thank u indeed 4 the follow.honoredso long to those who have lefthave a
there's some lost super heroes on the set of nfl gameday morning! @ nfl networks
marvel/dc mashup? what's going on here?
everybody forgetting about gurley it's only his second year and he nice asf
he's a bust
fact! on 9/11 nyc yellow cab took people home on that day &amp; didn't charge them, truth
they are as ruthless as they are shady. hate open your eyes
i sleep on the couch why didn't you just wake me up..:
you know i don't sleep in my own room
lmao i saw this yesterday i wanna buy them all
you should be him for halloween
stop changing your location skdjahs
have to because of the uni internet
i think the nyer in me is part of why i haven't tweeted about the explosion. i was like, eh everything looks fine
everything looks fine? 29 human beings are hurt.
speaker wanted black nycha manager fired to hire 'spanish' one
honestlybelieve 's taking correct/needed action.manyjobs requirebilingual skills:
happy birthday beautiful !!!! i love and miss you so much stay beautiful and awesome, you deserve an amazing day
thank you kel i love you so much miss you everyday
bomb went off in dumpster, secondary bomb found nearby + another bomb went off in new jersey trash can. media says not terrorism
i see a lot of that here. i just don't understand that line of thinking.
i understand that most of you don't care, but i do, and i'm lucky to have a platform that i can use to highlight this issue
i have sent real dog dm. will expect results.
"intentional act" is the new "conscious uncoupling." just a fancy way for liberals to avoid saying the obv
exactly. but we know the water that came from rain and the one that came from fire hydrant. nov 8 is our score card
it is not that i think lincoln had no worthy accomplishments. but lionization as a civil rights champion for blacks is misplaced.
he evolved over time, but more telling was that he was above the bar for most whites of his era, which is sad in itself.
exactly absolutely nuts, let's just let 100 thousand more killers in
how do you know this isn't domestic terrorism dumbass? go away...lol
.: "at this time there's no evidence of an international terrorism connection" with nyc blast.
"international" has now replaced "islamic" in the liberal lexicon. those damn swedes.
i think i &amp; the "make it america again" group who work to pay for your shit is going to be your biggest nightmare.
you only wish this delusion was real. it is more likely that my 125k yearly pay for some of your shitty weapons kill babies
. asks kellyanne conway if trump proved gates' point after his anti-gates rant last night in colorado:
if you have never met him you should not have an opinion about him unless it is positive.
late night sketchies and watching millionaire matchmaker, don't ask me why because i couldn't tell you if you did.
its ok lemo - everyone has dreams ()
i stand with mr. trump, voted for him and will vote for him again. i didn't appreciate your vulgar remark to me.
very sorry! i must have misunderstood. it's easy to do with only 140 characters. trump!!!
i was thinking she should retweet it all the time but ugh the brilliance of a pin
so perfect
this is with the on demand content? ^jh
both on demand and recorded, but mostly recorded.
we, people's powertold you another stupid indenial!
both stupid ny so-called officials r dying to protect liar hill!
that whole situation corny tbh
it really is. niggas lame af
yeah basically
saints gonna cook today
i don't presume anyone's votes are. we vote for the best imperfect person, then push her to do better. how else can it work?
but i will shame you if you're not voting for the person you think would make the best president. that is a profound waste.
you guys are so nice to me
this was so cute see how many people love you you're so special to us
this dude always awake in time for cbs sunday morning.. bruce is on today!
my favorite show!
interesting new lat poll: trump up 16.5% in backing from african-american voters, up from 3% on 9/10 to 19.6%
. aa vote rising for trump? relying on polling from or is equivalent to hitching a ride on a unicorn.
you don't just stroll into foxboro and win.
nah something you can skip
.: at this time, there is no evidence of international terrorism, but it's very early in the investigation.
of course it's terrorist! no common bad guy males sly targets civilians! absurd
saints gonna cook today
with out a doubt
you think your team of 2000-2005 would walk the league now with city, liverpool, chelsea how they are? hahahahahahaha
man said liverpool hahaha only man city would pose a small threat to arsenal 2000-2005
happy 165th birthday to the new york times.
favorite newspaper of trump's great-grandfather.
i want to quit politics and cover something less insane and less petty. fashion? video games? nfl?
don't chose science reporting! the people that think pluto should still be a planet are tenacious as wolverines
so cute seeing all these freshmen who have no idea what's going on
my niece one of them
it's an attack in a public place, intended to create terror. what should we call it other than terrorism?
that's not how terrorism is defined. has to be to accomplish a political end. could be. but we don't know that yet.
hmmmm have the 12% ever included the bills?
to the best of my knowledge that's a negative...
regards to bills stories..void of leadership. the power structure doesn't seem to exist there and everyone is trying to save their own asses
you know tim murray runs the show with the sabres. the bills? who the hell knows. compare murray's power to whaley.
i want a wavy hash brown rn
no funny i never ate that before
let's review today- on birtherism was more demanding on sid blumenthal than donald trump. think about that.
media takes a trump negative and attempts to put it on hillary. but any hrc story is on hrc
all 29 victims were released from the hospital!
one of the 1 train entrances is right near the crime scene, so that entrance might still be shut down tomorrow.
but it works to vote for something u don't believe in? when you know the system is rigged, but you play along anyway
only avenue to change is to elect people to un-rig it. not impossible but too many people don't want to do the work.
i still won't tell u how to vote tho
no blacks for birther. no latinos for wall. no female for end of pp
i tried this today. proud nys producers. roxbury. excellent!
delicious. this milk comes from area where nyc pure water supply sourced from
help, twitter: my phone's battery is constantly plunging to zero. losing power quickly. old? fixable?
sounds like your battery is just worn out.
it's fantasy focus time on with me and we go until 1 pm et and take questions!
gotta know, heading to church, spencer ware or doug martin against zona?
how do you know this isn't domestic terrorism dumbass? go away...lol
and how are u going to stop a lone wolf attack if it was terrorist inspired?
hi patt! i understand wanting to ensure everything is taken care of with your claim. to see what we can do, call us at... 1/2
this response was a script answer..
chill bro mccown is a beast
this is so rewarding for me after all of those days in the library arguing about it
i love the yacht club looking sweater too. finished the series last night.
been a total binge weekend. only 2 episodes left! hating that it's all about to end. man, is he coming unhinged.
lincoln agreed wholeheartedly that blacks were inferior to whites and was against integration. "freeing the slaves" was a tactical play
no, lincoln was always opposed to slavery, he did not believe in equality although he evolved in his beliefs on this.
roommate shocked to learn that burt lancaster was a stone cold street thug when he was younger. "i always thought he was a nice guy."
not at the same level, but john guare told my class he'd ignore malle's direction on atlantic city and belittle him... 1/2
i think the nyer in me is part of why i haven't tweeted about the explosion. i was like, eh everything looks fine
everything looks fine? 29 people are hurt.
because the birther movement was steeped in racism. it was an attempt to invalidate the first black potus.
oh is that where it was? are all black people half kenyan and raised in indonesia?
i used to think my friends in high school would be my friends forever lol
majority of mine are
lord the last thing i need is to get sucked into a video game
woah! is not just a video game- it's a way of life!
you know tim murray runs the show with the sabres. the bills? who the hell knows. compare murray's power to whaley.
this is what happens when the gm's voice probably wasn't as heard to hire rex/marrone.
mn authorities say 'knife-attacker' shouted 'allahu akbar,' asked victim if he was a muslim
yet not a terrorist according to corrupt department of justice ag loretta lynch..
., in what universe is a bomb detonated in a populated area not terrorism? dems in denial.
ignore the 800 lb elephant in the room chanting allah
prayers for families of martyred soldiers in uri. may almighty shower grace and harmony prevail across the globe.
did you also pray for the 90 martyred civilians who died at the hands of the indian armed forces over the past weeks?
today marks the beginning of the season of doom for the as our schedule is freakin bonkers from here on out. gonna be a cold day.
it's also the pride of norcal, 's birthday. let him be your inspiration towards victory.
i tried this today. proud nys producers. roxbury. excellent!
i love the catskills watershed areas. clean, green, heavily forested rolling hills, trout streams. beautiful
play fire emblem revelations. third option ftw
this would be the first of the series for me. i read birthright is best for newcomers. i also suck at srpg's.
headed back to this afternoon, really excited to experiment more with printing after last weekend's workshop
gonna print this photo, from tokyo:
ask the president of to ! email: president.edu or call 574.631.3903 or 574.631.9164.
this is democracy!
let me guess. you aren't from the us either.
if this is directed at me, born us citizen &amp; denizen of non-hipster part of brooklyn
you seem to know hardly anything about a variety of real-world topics. like most progressives/libs/dems.
oh sure! your facts from fox news, like the black on white crimes....kkk i am tired of you now. you sound dumb
lol cant wait to watch trump lose.
nice try while is going down in flames. especially after the way she looked last night.
another talking head shooting from the hip. it's time to close our nation to islam.
no just un- vetted terrorists
if you're pregnant, avoid the zika virus. don't travel to the caribbean or latin america.
non related microcephaly occurs 12 out of 10,000 births other causes incl stroke, drugs, alcohol
fantasy football: week 2 sit 'em aka banners via
among these guys, who do i sit (can't sit celek, and don't forget to look at sanders below )
there you have it folks gov. andrew cuomo nothing to do with stop
i'm sorry, did i miss something? has there been evidence presented on who actually was behind the bombings?
american history was shaped by the white man. if the middle east was flourishing we'd all be migrating there.
are you advocating the genocide of natuve americans and the return of slavery?
how do you know this isn't domestic terrorism dumbass? go away...lol
oh wait,trump will..the jackass who is being used as a recruiting tool for isis is gonna make it happen.smh
you're the best
you are as well
. on says trump's handling of "birther" issue shows he's a serious candidate for the white house
i want off this planet
delicious. this milk comes from area where nyc pure water supply sourced from
can you explain what makes it different? what is the filtered fresh bit about?
a tale in two pictures...
tag yourself, i'm the leftist loudmouth
if you shame others you have to expect your votes are fair game as well. if you shame millennials for not liking hrc...
we're talking about 2 diff. things: 3rd-party voters, &amp; 3rd-party voters who actually want hrc to win. i'll shame the latter.
survived getting stuck on a subway elevator (for three minutes) with 10 other people this morning so nothing can stop me now
never take subway elevators. i don't know what i was thinking.
minions are awesome everyone should have a couple lol
i wish they were real
today will be a productive sunday, i claim it!
okay me too! thanks for this post!
my laptop is seriously doing my head in. spent half my morning doing a self repair and now internet browser won't start grrrrrrrr
wow! a real handy-man!!! - u did a self-repair &amp; head?? too??? - brill :)
called it, reasons to be more locked down now
what the hell is going on o_o
happy birthday to the loml enjoy your day love you
i love you too much thank you so much
among reasons to believe uri attackers came from - proximity to loc, relative sophistication of attack; history of such attacks &gt;
as long as indian kashmiri civilians continue to die at the hands of the indian military, situation won't be controlled
i took 2 selfies with my eye makeup all ruined oops
you're so pretty ?? what did i do to deserve this ?
watch harry reid get pissed off when reporter talks about trump's rise! ew
harry reid is the biggest prick in the as ate, bar none!
the game clearly trying hype up that album that's about to do 5k first week..
if that. won't be getting a stream from me
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
here's what the election boils down to. when us attacked, you attack terrorists, while attacks you. yikes.
so one of my very very very fav song from movie angrej is wanjli waja, right. now coke studio got this song in saieen zahoor's voice .
i can die in peace now
i count 3 i'd keep:williams holmes &amp; gray...our roster need a divine intervention
absolutely!
hmmm do i call out of work and go to the falls for the first time???
yup. how far is it for you?
now even her peers are attacking merkel for her crimes against the eu people.
they allowed it..
i've had one cup of coffee in the past three weeks.
that would be like me saying i've had just one breath in the past 3 weeks
absolutely, but there are women who don't think it is a 'woman's place' too some interviews on the street of trump women show.
yes its sad that republican women think this
not at the same level, but john guare told my class he'd ignore malle's direction on atlantic city and belittle him... 1/2
...and then announce, "let's do one for the frog!" and do one take malle's way (which always wound up in the film). 2/2
it's sad how we're so fast to open our hearts to some people when in reality they could care less. but opening our heart to god brings rest.
because the arms that are open is covered with the things that appeals (glitters/gold) to their eyes and hearts, here and now.
yess mumy, our family
you rock artist in africa you take music to next level
we're feeling the bern for hrc
if your still feeling the bern you must be skiing...
i love the catskills watershed areas. clean, green, heavily forested rolling hills, trout streams. beautiful
magnificent. i take a two day drive every fall up from nyc, through catskills, oneonta and back. gonna plan for this year's now!
...you have to expect shaming when she wins and implements her policies and ideology
um...yeah. being an adult means admitting you're a stakeholder, so sure. we all own a piece of this. even "protest" voters.
on fifth down (!!!), stepinac's trill williams returns it 70 yards for a stepinacsports @ iona...
that's nin 2014 .vs stepinac iona had a 5th down.
it's with a heavy heart that i announce that my father passed away yesterday morning. thank you...
ian... my thought and prayer to you and your family. *hugs and prayers my friend*
please help, pick 2 .5 ppr 2 flex... blount, gio, sims, beasley, agholor.
i'm debating between gio &amp; simms myself. feel like both games gonna be shootouts. nice stress free sunday thanks jets
can you explain what makes it different? what is the filtered fresh bit about?
looks like they have some patented filtering process. also extensive testing beyond ny requirements which are stringent anyways
called it, reasons to be more locked down now
whoops fail link, that second device -_-
oh is that where it was? are all black people half kenyan and raised in indonesia?
do you know why his college records are sealed? not because he was born in kenya, but bc on them he claimed he was.
non related microcephaly occurs 12 out of 10,000 births other causes incl stroke, drugs, alcohol
fear of causing microcephaly may be real but so are other known causes which sb incl in raising microcephaly awareness
how do you know this isn't domestic terrorism dumbass? go away...lol
the jackass who wants to drop out of nato &amp; has alienated our muslim allies is going to rid terrorism.. lol
today in history: the u.s. constitution was signed, 229 years ago. i don't really have a joke, that's just pretty cool.
will we get a news video or a s5.5 trailer ? please do ash vs darwin, wolverine vs kruger, and hendrix vs cobain
glad you were safe! keep us posted
thanks. left building. was questioned by detectives and gave them my info. finally went home around 2:30am.
yes 23d and 6th
ran all night in the bronx last night. no new info other than what media has issued
coming from a country where they call a near collision of two planes a "near miss" &amp; native americans "indians"
not me, my (technically half) sister is 12% native american/ micmaq, &amp; bury my heart at wounded knee on my shelf.
i don't understand your criticism? i have no problem answering your questions.
just to be clear ... i was defending you there ..... you understood that right?
should i pick dez bryant or willie snead today in a non-ppr league
hard to trust saints reciever with the way brees spreads the ball. but dez wasn't involved much last week
one thing i really dislike about x1 is that the satellite boxes are less capable than the master unit. no live rewind, for example.
can you still use your own modem and airport extreme base station with it?
i'm in pa &amp; made calls for hrc the other day. it was easy, fun and i got a lot of positive feedback.
i'm from ny and thanks for your help making calls in pa. hope we will win both these states:)
four barrels of 2016 yamhill vineyards chardonnay
interested in the 14'. what is the aging of the wine. website isn't super clear, &amp; the review said oak &amp; stainless.
3-0 western michigan vs. 3-0 georgia southern. this one could be fun.
tyson summers and p.j fleck will be inline for power 5 jobs next offseason
have you tried rebooting the dvr? please follow/dm the account information including the full address and phone number. ^sh
i've tried rebooting all 3 boxes and it did nothing. we have one dvr box and 2 that you can watch recorded content on
honestlybelieve 's taking correct/needed action.manyjobs requirebilingual skills:
. :twas 1sttweet b4coffee.forgotwhattwitter account was up.
food's on me
here for this on my ben shit
the harris football league is up and rolling. join here:
so u like marvin jones more than desean jackson but would u play latavious over jones ppr
in 24 hours we have two bombings, and a stabbing rampage by a man shouting "allah". isn't it great having lots of muslims in our country?
and just think, we could be getting 600,000 more!
final: watford beat manchester united 3-1. mazzarri beats mourinho.
omg really, i just woke up
as says, media stopped polling fl at the end of '12 because obama was so far behind romney. we won.
were the polls wrong then? did the ground game make up the difference?
! are you ready for "a whole new world?" let the countdown begin! .
can't wait! but they've made it tough for me by casting the awesome oded fehr as jafar! big fan of his.
if india don't take any immediate action over against pak and her proxies then there is fear will always exist of such attacks
i feel india should have guts to fight like israel who take immediate action against any such horrific incidence.
it was a panel of 3 speakers, including one rancher &amp; we invited another who declined.
thanks, so often it feels like rural stakeholders, farm and ranch leaders underrepresented in urban events
smuggling tea across the ocean. sounds like a solid plan
take lessons from my mother, she's a pro. a totally non-suspicious package
"pressure cooker with wires attached" idk man
same shit as boston? o_o
i stand by my words
i still stand by my words.
your mom likes pigs. she had you right? asshole.
talking assholes your very mom give us this 1 of yours:
if it turns out the chelsea bomb was a dumb, maladjusted kid who set off an explosive device, that's not terrorism /2
if it turns out it was an individual who set off a device with the intent of harming people towards a political end, then it's terrorism /3
going to arby's doesn't either
remember when we used to eat nothing but top ramen and just do everything we could to keep each other's twitters afloat?
honestlybelieve 's taking correct/needed action.manyjobs requirebilingual skills:
. is right.for many jobs in being bilingual w spanish &amp; english is essential.this job is one.
murr in his bow tie and sal in his glasses
there all so handsome
because god is finally listening to me and not just margaret lmao
that's a good one! lol! :-)
screw up royally as a lib. you get promoted, screw up for trump you get the boot. washington needs the boot.
truth ,be a crook and race baiter get a show on msnbc like al sharpton
that plane thing is dan too. many american comedians make a living pointing these things out
you mean like this?
travel safely. glad you had a great time in sacto!
thanks!! it was so good to see you again!!
putin did. but just this past week putin gave assad permission to shoot down israeli jets.
ha! i look forward to seeing them try. and then seeing what the response would be if they succeed.
impressive, but what about red zone conversion? so frustrating being there yesterday. usc fans even shocked
in the nation in red zone offense only scoring on 68.8% of chances. 16 attempts and only 11 scores.
what's on your list? mine is food prep for the week, a couple problems from my homework sets due this week, and teaching prep!
i wanna crack the laptop &amp; finally read this python link! &lt;33 i like your itinerary
i hate niggas who compare artists of different time, like how stupid can u be comparing lil boat to tupac or some dumb shit like that
that's not even a comparison that's disrespectful lmfao
how you doin lil mama lemme whisper in your in ear
can you just tag me in all your tweets please
you can bet hillary &amp; the media would be singing a different tune if it was an explosion near chelsea's apt instead of
oh it would be all trump's fault. they'd be besides themselves with glee.
tim kaine accuses donald trump of inciting violence against hillary clinton
not the case, at all!
you need to sit ty against that tough denver defense.
thanks. i was certainly leaning towards a wr since rb usually put up more points
not content with killing badgers, allowing buzzards to be shot, now tories want ban on foxhunting lifted
native americans revere foxes as the ultimate "shapeshifters." graceful, quick &amp; smart as whips, they evoke wonder.
here is an op-ed in hindustan times about whether india can launch covert ops in pakistan.
india's special forces proved how special they were when they failed to respond adequately during the mumbai attacks
how bengaluru cops rock social media
excellent work!
they say was drafted 9th overall on ... put some respek on that boys name
2k in general never respects the pistons
looks like we're back to the real hill. she can barely stay awake discussing terror attack. sad!
isn't she a piece of work, but we can count on her to take that 3am call if it should ever arise lmao
a plane fell out of the sky in az and twitter still hasn't added it to their moments list
y'all ain't shit
hoy ganamos
thanks lupe!! go broncos!!
the morning after: 7th avenue reopened, 27th btwn 6th &amp; 7th--site of 2nd device--still closed
thank you so much for the info. got no tv here. hugs to my fellow ny'ers. stay safe nyc.
the jackass who wants to drop out of nato &amp; has alienated our muslim allies is going to rid terrorism.. lol
the guy who praises putin,encourages the russians to hack us, &amp; says if we have nukes why not use them lol
did u see that shit about nj yesterday too???
didn't get to see much :(
i will be holding a briefing on our anniversary at 1 pm.
will you take both on- and off-topic questions?
hillary said "bombings" yet media and hillary both attack trump for using the same word! smh
that's why is winning. even the dems don't buy that crap.
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
as one of those families, may you respectfully go fuck yourself
science in the age of selfies: - great piece, could easily be in
results-orientation, transparency, and accountability are not costless; they can create short-termism and discourage deep thinking
there is always hawarden
i haven't been to hawarden in almost a year (again!) how weird is that x
took my beautiful mother for lunch down the old town today @ mykonos island
you two are adorable
i'm pretty partial to the seats built into the hill up between turn 2 &amp; 3. it's fun to watch them all over the track from there!
great! we will check it out! have a good race day!
and i gave you one, but it's outside of your fox/breitbart bubble. sad!
that's quite an assumption that i watch only fox news don't you think? but is it easier to fit me in that bubble?
if it turns out it was an individual who set off a device with the intent of harming people towards a political end, then it's terrorism /3
in the meantime, declaring "it's definitely terrorism" is irresponsible. we define "terrorism" a specific way for very good reasons /4
a fine choice! happy spinning!
thanks. the cart is a massive upgrade for me and it is making my very modest brio-r phono stage sing like i never imagined.
5/ itunes (mac) and apple music (ios) are just really, really bad software and that bums me out as an apple fan.
it also means they are creating opportunity for others (spotify, soundcloud, tidal, etc) and that's a good thing
i keep getting called "old" by trump supporters as if it is something i should be ashamed of. i thought living a long life was the goal.
you've clearly called it out in your handle, so why would they think it would be insulting to you of all people?
.o voting commences tomorrow... africa! are you ready?
please vote
hold down the side button, slide to turn off, and enjoy your day
i really should
terrorists targeted sleeping soldiers in uri- hurling grenades at tents which immediate caught fire, causing many of the fatalities.
you meant they should have woken them up first?
trump's selling point: look at my business history. look at my past vision on foreign policy. don't look at past boosterism of conspiracies.
except his past business history is bad. his marketing history is fine, but without lots of help from betters, businesses sunk.
sources tell me there is no video surveillance on the block of the
your sources are blind, posted one from the block yesterday .
magnificent. i take a two day drive every fall up from nyc, through catskills, oneonta and back. gonna plan for this year's now!
do you ever go to larry's meats in oneonta area?
headed out single g, double g, bae, &amp; jules, fun times today crazies
pray for me
only this clown sets this up and overfills it. wtf is that? you're a joke.
yes its called you joined too late
where's that proof trump did something rayciss?
lol you'd dismiss anything i'd send you
also, it is a birthday, not birthweekend, birthweek, or birthmonth. it took u like twenty minutes to come out of your mom's vag not a month
it took nine months
i keep getting called "old" by trump supporters as if it is something i should be ashamed of. i thought living a long life was the goal.
that's like calling an openly gay person gay and expecting it to sting. it's just like, right and i'm cool with it...
so pence wants to start a bogus war &amp; steal billions from our treasury in no-bid contracts to his own company?
this statement alone should wake up all americans.
john kasich and bushes are campaigning for hillary?? i hope we have some deplorable trump people in ohio on twitter today to spread the word
just re-tweet ..... do. not support kaisich he's a traitor
safe flight, see you at some point ^_^
thanks, ayem gonna head by suppppper early just in case today
on fifth down (!!!), stepinac's trill williams returns it 70 yards for a stepinacsports @ iona...
thats not the first time it has happened. in 2014 iona had a 5th down.
where's that proof trump did something rayciss?
here this is more fun.
no, ,it is not i who is .i've never been under fbi investigation,help free a child rapist,nor did i marry a rapist
no wonder you do not have a show on cnn or msnbc???
minnesota mall attack: knife-wielding man asked at least 1 victim if that person was muslim
start patrolling mosques!
and i gave you one, but it's outside of your fox/breitbart bubble. sad!
also... what's with the dead frogs... is that your brand? dead amphibians?
what was the point of this tweet? obama is, in fact, our 1st black potus and trump (cont)
if the media had even tried to vet him in 2008 it would have never happened.
saw young the giant tonight at radio city. i am now reborn.
don't ask how but we ended up sweating the night away at sleep no more's murder mystery party last night
and i'll shame hrc surrogates like you when she opposes $15, universal healthcare, ending wars in middle east, etc.
you do that. you can find me at a protest fighting for a $15 minimum wage. i'd rather push clinton for it than trump.
in retrospect i went about playing "hip to be square" at the party last night way too aggressively
i'm like dropping hints that huey lewis &amp; the news are better than the beatles
you got it. like both, prefer floyd. hard to ignore wallace's matchup, but floyd is simply a better player.
thanks so much, dude!
timesnow- uri was a terrorist attack, probably backed by the pak army. it was not a fidayeen attck. wrong terminology.
now india will make another bollywood thriller on the heroics of indian army soldiers while ignoring 90 civilians they killed
"the three great forces that rule the world: stupidity, fear and greed." - albert einstein
don't forget ignorance and the greedy, power-hungry ones to capitalize on it.
magnificent. i take a two day drive every fall up from nyc, through catskills, oneonta and back. gonna plan for this year's now!
i know some people who bring ice chests, buy local ny meat there to take home.
mama needs pho and she needs it now
it's a pho craving morning here too.
some bitbucket, apache, etc., repos as well. need a specific one? -
nothing specific, but i am a bb user who references his golang repos with a custom domain :)
this is jerry. he's one of my springers. he loves to curl up and snore the day away. and chase rabbits.
he's so cute!
this is what happened, in case you're asking
i live 20 miles north of nyc and my dad works there this is terrifying
it was a bombing to induce fear and terror. i never said it was carried out by muslims you just assumed it was.
no, you brought up islam first. your definition of terrorism is incorrect. it pursues a political end. we don't know that yet.
best game ever though. i have the birdcage tattooed on me!
every time i play it the ending always gets me. not sure which i like more though. this or the original bioshock.
never once have i experienced this. once i sifted through my dinner with my fingers though
watched a guy peel a banana and play with the peel for like an hour
the idea that people of color are less american than whites is the core of birtherism and the animating spirit of the trump campaign.
it was explicitly clinton 2008 campaign strategy to cast obama as unamerican. dont see any relation to trump campaign...?
whelp some folks think olive garden is fashionable.....cough...
apparently reporters do! lol
glad to see the media are really on top of the terrorism news this morning, grilling everyone they can find about obama's birth certificate.
media props up hillary
do you take them to play baseball games?
well, mikey is in little league if that's what you mean lol.
i'm still not sure how i was awake for the game. was running on fumes at that point.
great job. i was listening from ny
yeah. both shows :) we still trying to get pit tix
omg do you have tickets for tuesday and wednesday though
what a piece of shit this scumbag turned out to be!!
yup you've got that right he's real good at putting americans down tho
oooooh i like yours too! i miss coding and computer stuff! let's check in in like 6ish hours to make sure everything is going?
cool deal! and eat!
also, what does it say if the owners go straight to the players to talk? are you not taking the word of your managers?
yeah. well, the 16 years of losing probably tells them they have idiots there running the football show.
boooooooooooooooooo even tho ur cool. yall should win. we cant defend anything
itll be a good game.
and i gave you one, but it's outside of your fox/breitbart bubble. sad!
do you enjoy killing them or just find it interesting?
22 amazing dreamforce facts:
do not miss the , , and in the area moscone west next to df reg.
.'s lead continues to rise - now 48 to clinton's 41 in 2-way national poll via
watching face the nation. you gotta be the most idiotic woman in politics, answer the question
i know some people who bring ice chests, buy local ny meat there to take home.
wow. you just inspired me. sounds like a great idea. time to start making room in the freezer today!
one of the best 'cats wins. hope is celebrating tonight.
ne tuff thisyr
are you serious... the political aim is blatant. do you need everything spelt out???
what political aim? there could be one, sure. but that hasn't been demonstrated yet. could be a random kid. could be a terrorist.
it's so tense! going through withdrawal
imma need some of those homeopathic drops soon myself!
billionaire investor carl icahn says 'tremendous risks' are in the market:
he smells it. smells the risks. smells the fear. we smell it as well carl. $hlf
not as green as it thinks on garbage. via
nice update. can you confirm for me: bubble wrap is not recyclable.
. :twas 1sttweet b4coffee.forgotwhattwitter account was up.
i am displeased w the way 's argument is framed, in this otherwise grammatically correctarticle:
you need to sit ty against that tough denver defense.
i also have bennett as a te but he isn't going to do much so i added celek as a sleeper
it was temporary ordination in burma. i did not intend it to be a life long commitment; just to explore that way of being.
a while ago i thought about the same thing. i wanted to go to gampo abbey... but i became deeply involved in politics...
having a hard time finding new music. need some help. been listening to white zombie...thats it
i heard this new band astronoid they rock
what time you gonna be over there? i might hit d lot first, say hi to some people then head over to b.
i was planning on walking over in 15 mins or so from the hotel
thank you! i support the , also known as the . hence, .
just noticed you are also an attorney. me, too. i serve the farmers and rural people
you are a lamb to the slaughter.
he certainly did. research before swallowing your foot. incredibly stupid.
that shot of jameo turned me into a full crayon last night
as soon as i got back upstairs i went full wet noodle
ajit doval has been talking about teaching pakistan a lesson half his life. this is his chance. shouldn't let it go.
if msm will do their duty the work will be easy. but are you?
facts. i pop one everyday
lmfao same i pop like 3 a day cuz they gummies and taste like orange sour patch
it was temporary ordination in burma. i did not intend it to be a life long commitment; just to explore that way of being.
then i lost my center..
i have made no such actuation. you have drawn a an inference.
who is incapable of "thinking?" imo it is more thoughtful to actually wait for forensic report before deciding who did it.
lmfaoooooo sis really bad for business smh.
sis got on a fuckin pretty girl jacket
this video has 265,000 views. guess the # of trumpers that reject the behavior? 0 (zero)(nada)
i am a trump supporter and i think this kind of behavior is deplorable. have you seen some of the clinton videos...?
people are in such denial. it wasn't good in quantum break but now all of a sudden it's the greatest thing.
geniuses now
"just throw a pic of incognito in there our base loves him"
he's white and loves trump!! wall of fame him!!!
@ gday all. how are you ?
no complaints and you my friend
not even joking...my first thought was it a galaxy
i mean, seriously, if they're dangerous enough for the faa to warn about them!
oh, we're just assuming it was muslims for the moment, because white people never blow things up. got it.
i don't think anyone assumed it was muslims... do you?
coming from you, that's saying something. like our chances much more today. can't wait to make it out again someday.
make it out here soon bro, it's been too long
there's a non hipster part of brooklyn still?
hard to believe but yes. not an artisanal mayo shop to be seen in my 'hood.
oh, we're just assuming it was muslims for the moment, because white people never blow things up. got it.
and by anyone i mean people who actually felt on government info rather than twitter :)
i'm at church jules, i'll take communion for you
stop texting at church!! you're just adding to the list!!
did that "pressure cooker" turn out to be a failed second bomb??
yes it appears that might be the case.
this great?
even better than that!!!
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
bring in on, tough guy.
i mean, you can play it...you won't enjoy it...but i suppose you can still try to play without those things...
its basically hell i cant wait to get done with mut master lmfao
us strongly condemns terrorist attack in kashmir: us state department spokesman john kirby
i hope and pray retaliation come fast and sure
players ... dont click that button, homies. trust your first instinct!!! ?
where is ezra bridger as my starting wr?!
ur a shrill!
mefia props up hillary
based on what happened with the pastor in flint, we know black women are trump's kryptonite.
if you don't know the importance of black women--generally--you know very little
thought of offense is giving me no peace of mind today. also giving me heavy pause on my previously bold 4-0 prediction.
that didn't last long
there's supportive ass parents who travel with their kids for days to see justin then there's mine who don't even wanna drive me for 3 hours
wow that sucks i would love to see purpose tour europe someday
hmmm i must be dreaming about tweets as well .
bro, i have no idea what you're talking about now
can we please just stop the pandering and start being honest about the ?
this is just.. ducking awfu
happy birthday girly i hope you have a great day
thanks soph miss u
i understand that most of you don't care, but i do, and i'm lucky to have a platform that i can use to highlight this issue
a lot of content creators are having a problem with plagiarism... it sucks. people suck.
hey mike in case of identical records at seasons end with either sf or sl will the wc game be played at citi
if the mets finish tied with sf and stl is out, the game is in ny. if it's stl and ny tied, game is in stl.
time to reread 's article on why the media present a predetermined picture of israel painfully true
fares akram an ap reporter in israel put arafat as his facebook profile picture.
super dick obama says it's a "personal insult" if blacks don't vote dem?! why? no one is beholden to one party!!
can you obama name one thing you've done for the black people of this country not including yourself
hi mary and i want to start the party and not suffered
getting a w today lupe!!
the great white north.
beer &amp; tim's eh? but would still be fan no matter what.
and pay for it the next day huh lol.
luckily i have a prevent-hangover routine that helps me.. but i definitely wasn't 100% the next day
the blast in did not appear to be connected to terrorism, mayor de blasio said
oh that's where i left my pressure cooker filled with an explosive device and wires. my bad
it's not the 'weight' that makes obese it's his bmi which is at least 33...bmi of &gt;30 = obese
trump bmi is 38.3
reacts to calling a bomb a bomb.
has become a comedy show. nothing they report is within the realm of reality.
of course she continues the lies. fuck. her. sorry, but i lose proper words about this. often.
she can't face the facts
we need to rattle some more cages senate and congress get louder america they work for you! freedom
fire them all.
the black vote and the 2016 presidential race -- here's the last piece of our barbershop convo:
went rogue? you're not palin, and shouldn't aspire to be, brooke.
ok...have to follow you..photo of your dog is heartbreaking....nyc rn... i live in bk
that was my old girl nuala. lost her last summer. still heartbroken.
vet him? did we vet any other potus this way? can't you see the obvious racism in the birther movement?
no, because i don't see racism behind every curtain and under my bed. i'm not batshit crazy. and ask bush if got vetted.
before next mafia game u should ask chat for death ideas ha. heres one- in bed watching swifts videos and hit by a wrecking ball
haha - i really should have a list ready
today was v good. was on a panel with brilliant people, hung out with all day, scored big at the bougie village thrift
i miss village thrift like whoa
hennessy throws manners out the window 4/10 for me.
negative i always ask cause i'm not trying to get dub and look dumb plus i'm not forcing no bitch to dance with me
it's nearly impossible to suppress your desires today, so you ... more for leo
i thought this was over
longest battery life yet...
on the new phones though. heh. the 6s took a hit from the 6.
i met my favorite comedian thanks to last night
holy shoot.
gotta move the check mark next to handle on the feed
very good suggestion
why not vote for somebody who supports it rather than someone who has stated its off the table?
because i think that person is manifestly unqualified for the job in 100 ways and would set back progressivism disastrously.
@ @ &amp;h did04&amp;polarbearsdying
sad&amp;the creation of
field of dreams! wedding day for kate and ollie! @ keswick vineyards
perfect day for a wedding..congratulations to your friends!
i did money leagues so me too lol
ha. alright go get em
actually, if you are voting 3rd party no one cares about your opinion.
lol. only 9% are voting for the gop/dem. so actually you're wrong. again.
do i start antonio gates or travis kelce?
on a hunch, kelce.
when did i express an opinion as to who did it?
you speak in riddles.
it was scary and people care! good thing you weren't close though
yes it was so sweet of everyone to check in on me but its just wild that they had to!! esp when i was in la cause i was so
it's not pneumonia...it's parkinson's and you know it
thanks doctor lee. you get your medical degree while studying to be a coach?
second year in a row!
really great crop of winners-full list here:
watching face the nation. you gotta be the most idiotic woman in politics, answer the question
and please stop smiling. make my eyes bleed.
of this i'm 100% certain~ our children/grandchildren do not deserve the america obama, hillary &amp; dem failed policies have served us.
on life support
obama says it would be a 'personal insult' if black voters don't back clinton in november
oh would it? i would not only insult u, but rebuke you and humiliate you if i get a chance! you deserve every bit of that!
: posting with deep disappointment: ind/pak troops exchanging eid sweets comes within 6 days
snakes can't be,befriended,snakes must be squashed pakistan has lost all civility.treating baluchistan like bangladesh.
and you know this how? where is your proof? is your stance based on fact or opinion?
you tell me why they're sealed. you think it's because he got bad grades? he lied about being a foreigner, probably for $.
this popped up in my fb memories today and made me tear up. feels like i will never get over...
i love this pic. one day you see him again
with the quickness lmao
i'm gonna stay strong with my 9-7; but hopefully i'm wrong and we lose less than 7
new york blast 'obviously an act of terrorism,' but not linked to international group, cuomo says
probably done by the"deplorables" trying to put fear into people to vote for trump. i believe it.
mississippi
ok, thanks for getting back to me. ever come to nyc?
don't waste your time on these losers, just mute them. they will keep typing to you but you won't get notified.
i do mute them after i tire. my mom used to tell me i love to fight. may be true --- sometimes!
wow. you just inspired me. sounds like a great idea. time to start making room in the freezer today!
when my sister worked at a vet clinic near there, people from nyc in the know would pick up meat there .
it was a lie from the start. it stayed a lie for 5 years. me on trump campaign to delegitimize 1st black president
important column, hopefully a turning point in media coverage see: template to respond to trump's lies
yes it was so sweet of everyone to check in on me but its just wild that they had to!! esp when i was in la cause i was so
far from everyone! but yeah i was way uptown last night so i found everything out through other people
i know about sally and bette what's blanchett in?
the present play
i spend too much money on lipstick, and too much time on people who don't care
miss my girl
looks like a bomb but perhaps it's just an alarm "clock"
it is a science project clock..
yeah)) we just try to "upgrade")) a pit is a pit! even if i'm risking to break my neck trying to look over the stage "fence"
awww so your short
thanks doctor lee. you get your medical degree while studying to be a coach?
in your medical opinion, why is trump so orange and what explains his rapidly thinning hair?
did u watch the season premiere of last night? dvr it? watch this new relationship unfold
i did see mos &amp; was thrilled to see you. it's on! &lt;3
pakistan gave protection to dreaded terrorist osama bin laden right under america's nose.us still substantially funds pak. politics for you!
forget us. tell us abt the meeting with isi to chalk out ishrat module action and begging for help to destabilize legitimate govt
high school football team kneels during national anthem:
hope they lost
who said this?
sony employee , verified by the one and only bish. class act
when 'self control' by frank ocean comes on and ruins your day before it actually begins
nah he speaking thoughhhhh
i need to stop waking up so early after i black out bc none of my friends are awake and piecing my life back together alone gives me anxiety
are you guys coming to the pub?
good morning!
good morning!!
game day good luck everyone
awesome week two match ups my football family can't wait good luck all
yes, i keep watching tour videos
did you see the ones i posted on my twitter
*air guitar*
*air dixie band*
your a lying . hrc started . let's see clinton foundation returns!!! haiti ring any bells??
lol, that is as weak as it gets. even for a trump troll that is weak. "i'm doing this for hillary" -djt
wow. you just inspired me. sounds like a great idea. time to start making room in the freezer today!
we may send our next grassfed steer to be processed there. longer haul but he has reputation of humane care of critters
another night of no head :(
excuse me sir you are a child of god shhh
governor insists on "no terrorist connection". set to speak at noon et.
. says "no links to international terrorism". but it still might be "an act of terrorism".
looks like a bomb but perhaps it's just an alarm "clock"
maybe the kid who made the clock in the attache case.did another science project???
2 wks in and i need a positive. having a bad mlb team bleeds in nfl.
i have nothing positive to say unless its about oakland
never saw the movies, so we're halfway through the first of three harry potter films. +6 hours to go!
i'm due for a hp marathon soon. i haven't seen the films in so long!
start 2. moncrief at den. hurns at sd. sanu at oak. fuller at kc.
i'd go with hurns and fuller.
me either time!
lmao!! let me know if you get it sorted out
yep except they weren't enraged about the damn video. they were just after our people. so many lies from hrc
you didn't see the countries protesting the video? google it.
n.y. gov. cuomo: no evidence of international terrorism so far in nyc blast
oh good.just domestic terrorism. we all feel much better now there's no distinction it's not beter cause its homegrown, it's worse
we need to talk about rami malek's brother, sami malek.
omg they are both fine af
oh your girl was so drunk or drugged she couldn't even keep her eyes open!
a vision of perfect health-- i've seen better looking heroin addicts slap, lol
in your medical opinion, why is trump so orange and what explains his rapidly thinning hair?
also, in your capacity as an internet md, can you talk to trumo about his ever expanding waistline. so unhealthy. thx
sry guys this is j where i'm @ rn
wow he is so handsome break cronk create
kaine is on the ticket. christie is not.
christie is a trump surrogate, he represents his campaign. this is not complicated.
this is interesting.traveling thru pa, de, &amp; nj, i'm seeing more trump support then hillary support &amp; it's not close
i've learned that it's the less vocal supporters, the ones without shirts or flags or banners, that determine outcomes.
we may send our next grassfed steer to be processed there. longer haul but he has reputation of humane care of critters
this makes a huge difference to me as a consumer. helps me a lot.
hi gz!!happy sunday all!
hi roxy how are you cheers girl
trying to figure out how i'm going to go to work, school, go to the gym, have a social life, spend time with my family and sleep...
that's basically my life , is it bad that out of all my main priority is sleeep?
gov. cuomo on nyc explosion: "at this time there is no evidence of an international terrorism connection"
como &amp; decrustio are fools. if you admit u don't know, shut your dumocratic craphole &amp; don't make up politically correct garbage.
your triathlon relay team is ready for the !
proud of y'all!!!!!
can we please just stop the pandering and start being honest about the ?
besides death, the worst thing that can happen to a person is rape... the most degrading thing someone can do to another
same-o here, but instead of mind--gut.
nothing like brunch to quickly get you off of organized religion!
what would it take and how do we get to 3.5 gdp? &gt;&gt; cut taxes, reduce the size of gov and reform regulations.
gdp but how would you get america to produce again and get companies motivated to be here. it all makes sense just curious.
we elected al gore the courts appointed w
second election. hence re-elect.
a. bomb is a bomb, it creates fear. therefore it's terrorizing people. call it what it is. their trying to downplay
i know!!! it's terrifying
bay area music will always be my favorite
i'm listening to mac dre right now
yeah i know that's right.... good morning sorry i fell asleep i was way to high tired af and it was a wrap..
good morning. it's okay. i've had those days when i was smoking lol
should i bench gurley this week in favor of rawls or hurns because of matchup?
gurley is a stud. unless he lost is studliness, keep going with him.
well i'd say you also bring a bit of expertise to the scene :-) but yes, that's supportive engaged care cc
patients wants and needs are pretty simple.
omg do you know how happy i'd be if it were ipa??
would be great until i become one of those drunks you see laying out on the sidewalk.
what a poor, lame way of saying "i don't have any" :/
yeah ya buddy lusting after his daughter. what a creep!
tweets like are the reason i'm grateful for living in a state which allows liquor sales 7 days a week.
i'm sorry if reviewing facts drives you to drink! :)
i've been against him from the start. i gave him no free airtime
but i bet if the trump folks asked if trump could come on you'd give him that free air time.
sorry for the inconvenience. please leave feedback directly with the seller to report, more info here: ^kp
hi so the seller won't return the item. it's clearly not a genuine item,tags are incorrect and the logo isn't straight!
badass monst
good day all
after several minutes of silence, the agent says "that's a hell of an act. what do you call it?" "the aristocrats!"
nice one. seriously, a smart way to use the best joke ever.
make no mistake. tyranny doesn't arise from strength. it's insecurity, something trump has in spades.
wow one of the best most insightful tweets about this election that i've seen yet.
i don't know for me i it would be cate blanchett first then dangerous lesiasons with leiv schrieber then sally field in that
mmmmmm will be first. yes.
because you are an intelligent, educated man ignoring the plight of all who would be damaged by a trump presidency.
aren't you ignoring the plight of all who would be damaged by a clinton presidency, specifically ppl in syria, iraq, yemen, etc?
they replaced the birther lie with the hrc started the birther lie. preposterous!
such a weak excuse. not one video of him questioning this and giving hillary credit, but now it was all her? lol
ur bio says "passionate for justice". impossible w/o digging both sides. impossible
i've watched propaganda against hrc for decades. much $$ spent to hold her back
. love this idea! did ppl give insurance info or was it funded in some way?
it is for patients who are covered w medicare advantage
african american is sick of racist divide tactics. racist reporter refuses to respond.
this is what i'm talking about. those so called african american leaders feeds off racial baiting.
thinks we didn't hear trump's fear-mongering lats night, never a word of concern for we nyers until this morning
that's not fear-mongering you imbecile you just want to make everything negative like ur life
and, of course, i cannot ask "you" without asking "me", "how it is true of me?" we journey together!
indubitably.
yesterday boosted 1 (my first boosted board) was taken from me and i'm never getting it back
australia mate.. took boosted board and gave you vegemite
more made up stats. how long will you ignore reality? 80% of real americans don't even recognise obama as potus.
buddy, work on your stupidity. it's unbecoming.
clinton has got win the at hofstra decisively or she will lose this election.
she will. trump is too stupid
what are you doing tonight
heading to the giants game
i miss my family
i love you ok sista, you'll always be my number one
bills owners reportedly met with offensive players without rex ryan before roman firing.
that's called meddling with snyder does it
are you concerned about the national debt and our economic future? tweet at donald trump to ask for his plan.
i am concerned about the manipulations on wall street that allowed you to steal $$$$..peter peterson running a hedge fund.
what's that fluffy pupper's name
chad michael murray
rudy giuliani on nyc explosion: "to say it's a terrorist act is perfectly accurate."
shutup knot head, you left firefighters high and dry with bad radios on 9/11.
and there is a reason jill hasn't pulled any support.
you are free not to support, like ro take seriously jill stein's candidacy. unlike you, i wont impugn your character over it.
if you have dt, make sure you have 4pm wr in case he can't go. sanu, dorsett, tyrell &amp; inman in sd, agholor, thielen avail in many lgs.
moncrief or eli rogers full ppr
we need to talk about rami malek's brother, sami malek.
what kind of fineness???
wow, , it's like you *don't* want me to give you money with these constant error 1205 timeouts. your site is terrible.
i've now tried it on multiple devices and keep getting the same problem. is there a fix to this? or just no new accounts now?
weed coma? weed coma. fuck emotions
i eat ass? i eat ass.
thanks, soul sister! what was your favorite song?
zach's song and wow, can he play!
day18! cheers!
you've gotten faster kurt and thanks for challenging
, good morning! enjoy your sunday!
thank you! you too!
gooodmorning love!! sunday morning workout done! legs and arms today abs tomorrow
forgot to mention 20 minute hiit on the treadmill
again, your vain ignoring of facts right in front of our face, re: trump is clear. you have some support for him. i see.
you have just called me "vain" and "arrogant" because you don't like my views. are you aware that this is how you are talking?
why you lying to joel ?
i'm not real bro support each other
as americans are being blown up clinton camp calls trump supporters mentally deficient
quite laughable,if it were not so sad.hrcppl r evil!plain &amp;simple.this guy nuts
reminder: its been well over 90 days since the orlando shooter's wife has been missing. msm still silent.
fbi had her not can't find her but on purpose not looking
ride for revenge - wisdom of the few a precious score from nesebld, escorted safely home in one piece.
well now you've got me intrigued...and hail to another lepai owner!
gov. chris christie (r-nj), a trump adviser, says senator kaine should be "ashamed of himself" for saying donald...
he should be ashamed of being a bitch boy of trump and jerry jones. fake tough guy.
curious on your thoughts of courtney hicks? i think she has tonya harding power in her jumps but she can't control them.
i haven't seen her yet this season. she is powerful but fell apart in the fs at nats. she needs more ballet training imo 1/2
i want to give college students benefit of the doubt, but gary johnson being nearly tied w/ clinton indicates they're just voting for weed
like totally awesome dude, like excellent man.
the fbi stands with our colleagues in the u.s. armed forces. congrats to all the runners of and
if you spent more time hunting down terrorists and less time figuring ways to protect all involved with clinton foundation
they tell you that's the only avenue so you feel you have power every 4 years. which politician has had our back?
for starters, have our backs &amp; involvement is 24/7 not every 4 years
small ball.
hillary on media life support
i don't know who should be more ashamed of this poll result, the press or the public. unreal. just unreal
this is ridiculous!! i just don't get it. she is like a window.
not interesting. it's the truth, for people who've read a bible.
interesting... you mean like this?
there is it. you are making an equivalency of trump and hillary. got it. that is, by the way, somewhat insane. and selfish.
no i am not. i am clearly pointing out that people will die in a clinton presidency, and those ppl live in the mideast.
miss you more morgan always thinking about you love you
you guys are too cute have a date w sooon kk
&amp; should talk motion capture, kinect, prevention &amp; rehab imho
have to run to airport mid morning but would love to connect soon
mississippi
so your cock ring is nice 'n clean now too? :)
i hope he's okay
he wasn't there yesterday fortunately but thank you xx
when i think i'm going toi watch a realty show &amp; know the line is so long, may get a reprieve
or just jump on twitter and see what people tweet lol!
black voters are turning from clinton to trump in new poll
there starting to see her for what she is a liar pandering for there vote forget about them nov 9th
so what's the fee really?
i own atm's jw, there is an "exchange dollar"from fed resv that no one talks about. the infamous"backend"compliments bank fams.
david cole, a jew who came to some other conclusions, after looking at 'facts'.
the guy is a crazy looney. he's been rebuked for 25 years with his lies.
seriously? so are u suggesting u know a business that doesn't try to pay as little taxes as possible? lame criticism.
the point isn't that he got tax breaks. it is that he positions himself as a gov outsider when he's been milking the gov teat
it's going to be hard to leave such an amazing place. i've loved every second riding here, at...
from all of he photos, it lives up to the hype. i've got to get to iceland someday.
will get &amp; move 2 hope nt
my is 4 it would
surely it will. the defense always up offensive hopefully have a good day take care!!!! mary
thanks lupe, you too!!
unrelated, but my family is literally just a whole bunch of my best friends
ur family still needs to adopt me
the one thing i've learned in the last month is this- gsellman is not a fluke. i'm on the fence w lugo
lugo battles. he is definitely earning his stripes.
there is it. you are making an equivalency of trump and hillary. got it. that is, by the way, somewhat insane. and selfish.
trump is horrendous, and hillary is unacceptable to me for different reasons. why must i support either republicans or democrats?
the black vote and the 2016 presidential race -- here's the last piece of our barbershop convo:
elect trump and tell me "it don't really matter who's in office".
kian's maturing loves his brother &amp; proudly shows him off
oh i love it-- the boys are so beautiful, u look radiant and gorgeous hyunyo-- her smile esp in hanbok~ you two must be tired~
alfred morris will score a touchdown today
wish it was on tv
can i just say fuck the falcons
absolutly.. as much as youd like to.
sunday! is back at brooklyn nights bar rsvp on the hoppr app
tonight!
. so your an internet gangster / truck driver. go hit a truck stop and get a pack of mentos and chill out jeez louise.
he's gotta get done with that nasty lot lizard first.
"this was an intentional attack" . no credible threat against nyc. 29 injuries. too early to determine if terrorist related
domestic or foreigner, it is a terrorist attack. what's wrong people? afraid to say it?
not interesting. it's the truth, for people who've read a bible.
so like i was saying before, explain your reason for this comment :) i'd love to hear it
lol yeah i've been awake since tho... smh still going to... how's your morning
of to bit of a late start but good so far. how's your morning coming along?
wait i think we're the same size aren't we i tried on your hunter rubber booties that one time. theyre all yours bb
omg you're right! brb while i book my flight to london
my is 4 it would
have an w/ live
there is it. you are making an equivalency of trump and hillary. got it. that is, by the way, somewhat insane. and selfish.
look at how you argue. you put points in my argument that i am not making. and then you insult me over those points. it's bizarre.
update: minnesota mall attacker referenced allah, asked victim whether they were muslim, police chief says
just like france and britain. we must be tough and root them out now before they destroy our way of life!
that's a little unfair to wasps...
well i did say retarded wasps to allay the angry concerns of your average joe-wasp.
watch: man dressed as security guard stabs 8 at minnesota shopping mall:
obama thinks it's workplace violence
there's an episode of black mirror like this. i'll tell you more later
what is black mirror
cannot believe i just shattered my phone.. completely. yay me
that's what you get for making fun of me 24/7... karma
both. both story arcs inform each other. and they're both incredibly written and drawn.
i'm loving both stories but find the every-other-issue format to be jarring.
there's an episode of black mirror like this. i'll tell you more later
just explain to me tonight
what is wrong with her?
this is what the next 4 yrs will be if the american ppl elect her prez. a govt led by a drugged-out zombie!
there were no gas-chambers, a bunch of fake testimonies. you can't use zyclon b to gas people, it's an incecticide!
read eichmann interview in 1957 in argentina disagreeing with you.
hey kid go back to smoking weed and playing your music. let the adults talk.
yeah cause grown-ups hide behind fake names on twitter.
honestly can't wait to see my best friend today i miss her like crazy
omg i love you lily and i miss you so much
secretary delivers remarks at the global demining initiative for the colombia ministerial.
he'll screw this up for sure!
notice how ppl who think they'll nevr hv food taken frm them, be arrested while walking, etc,r so comfortable spouting this.
again, you insult character. notice i don't.
wait the game isnt on tv today whattttt
go to and stream it from there.
cuomo who never uses public transportation and is surrounded by armed guards at all times tells new yorkers they shouldn't give in to fear.
right no one checking on ethics or corruption in ny state too
do you know if there any issues with running temp containers that clean up after exiting using --rm as in your examples?
everything should work with `--rm`, except the one container that we `docker commit`. i didn't put `--rm` everywhere for brevity!
that's terrible. it happened in jersey too.
yes and mall stabbing in minnesota terrible
have an w/ live
video streaming 2 other
rudy giuliani on nyc explosion: "to say it's a terrorist act is perfectly accurate."
yes, it's absolutely terrorism!
if there is an original jason/jayson/jaison/bottom, shouldn't there be an extra crispy jason?
that's racist.
what is it referring to?
his birther announcements on friday which he basically used for free publicity for his new hotel
we have to have something thats not only feasible but also relatively safe .... his hyperloop doesnt cut it....
i agree. thanks for the video. i think it was the similarity to my sense of it that attracted me.
notice how ppl who think they'll nevr hv food taken frm them, be arrested while walking, etc,r so comfortable spouting this.
what are you referring to re: food being taken from people?
the paladins/overwatch comparisons are literally the same shit as moba comparisons and cod/battlefield comparisons
every game steals ideas from the other or maybe they dont they're just similar nobody knows but they all do their own thing
and yet you will still vote democrat who wants to bring more of those people to your neighborhood?
wow thanks weird stalker for your 2 cents but you are so right cause terrorists agree with the conservative point of view
not last night, when it was needed, get a grip, you terrified little creature
he was briefed on situation wasn't necessary. no one can deni that trump loves ny his hometown. quit drinking killary cool aid.
video streaming 2 other
fans could interact in real time etc
yeah and then it came back out of no where lol
at least yours came back lmaooo
like i said this and the cate play would be at the top of my list but that's just me
liaisons opens next month. cate's in december. there is time. what we don"t have is the money hahahahah
buster and alinea should team up. she opens doors and crates
oh god, it's a nightmare. i took a shower and came out to 1/2 a pizza missing. he ate mom's whole fridge a while back.
why can't today be optional?
can we collectively work a full day? like i do half your shift you do half of mine then we go home?
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
want a zero experience president? have some random guy off the street operate on your kid while you're at it!
their religion prohibits/forbids it.
so sorry you hate the promise of america.
you also have to pretend you can talk and stand for more than three minutes.
cant wait debate# 1 september 26th watch trump mop the floor with clinton she's no match for the donald :)
do you even know what terrorism is? race,religion,ideology have nothing to do with it.this was an act of "terrorism". look it up.
of course, it has nothing to do with race or religion. by definition we don't know yet if it was terrorism.
the theme song of our lives
opening number to our musical
lmao whatever, at least the music was good
i was so happy it wasnt crowded honestly
video: rudy giuliani on nyc explosion: "to say it's a terrorist act is perfectly accurate."
simple, is correct, using bomb 2 hurt people isn't just a crime, its a terrorist act, ? is, is it connected.
curious on your thoughts of courtney hicks? i think she has tonya harding power in her jumps but she can't control them.
she could improve her stretch/lines. she is going through the motions artistically. i want her to hold each position longer. 2/2
would love to know how nypd knew of the second device good intel at work
agreed. it was literally on my block. very thankful
"observation aggregation" option is not saving. why? need an explanation, not error mssg please
sorry to hear that! you can send an email to help.org or check out our google group:
this is so cuteeeeeeeee
this is gonna be riley
fact: bomb went off in ny idiot
.....xteristics of trumpeters is name calling,looking @ your pic shld have defined class but instead it's crass.shame on you
every game steals ideas from the other or maybe they dont they're just similar nobody knows but they all do their own thing
different than the other that appeal to different people. same arguments different games
thanks . + cc (got a yes from darren)
i'm safe! thankfully i had just arrived home. scary evening.
start with the beatitudes and the ten commandments. then explain your vote.
are you assuming i'm not aware of them? or are you assuming that somehow you and i are above them?
... folks not done what you are doing. and you attempt it again. learn from mistakes.
you need to study history. it wasn't nader that lost election for gore, it was gore. 300k dems in fla voted for bush.
i had all of that on. i woke up this morning to everything turned off, and i'm drenched. again. i hate this a lot.
your brother shares your room. he prob does it.
see you all at the . don't let me buy more than 120 books!
will be live-tweeting?
fans could interact in real time etc
selfie stations you name it
was being facetious, ha. gonna try em all. thinking about the shape now actually-single pixel? or what shape?
single pixel, you've gotta have that blood spray!
should and i become models
u called it
i will, later
okay omg your really going to love the purpose tour
"i don't even want to posit what that could have been about."
don't bother...all intelligent americans know it was terrorism! btw, where's obamas announcement of support?
iranian cyclist dies after crash in paralympics road race in rio de janeiro
for some life is a struggle. where is god.
"it's up to us to make lives that we can be proud of...make communities and systems and policies to cradle those lives"
yes, indeed :-)
she has a high bar to navigate. if he stands there and says nothing stupid, he will win. it's scary. his bar is the floor.
i agree. i am hoping the moderator pushes questions if he just shuts up. i am praying every day.
nyc mayor on blast: we believe this was an intentional act |
dunkocratic asshole should not have been elected mayor. doesn't know any facts but pushes false agenda. scmuck!
you're read it, and are still voting for the lying adulterous con man? wo covets everything he sees?
have you ever covered? sin is sin... thank jesus we had him die so that we are blameless right?
"for some politicians, the takeaway from this election will be that they can get away with almost anything."
sadly so true. but..i think it says alot about "us" as well. (me &amp; u excluded of course)
they tell you that's the only avenue so you feel you have power every 4 years. which politician has had our back?
curious to see how many berners choose to try to change primary process in the next 3 years &amp; get involved.
i loved it .... it should be a series or is it ?
what did you think about the ending? i saw it at when i was filming out there
lol calllllled that
seems to be the sub tweet of the year
notice how ppl who think they'll nevr hv food taken frm them, be arrested while walking, etc,r so comfortable spouting this.
i asked a question: what are you referring to re: ppl having food taken away from the,?
the response was, "not sure." not clear on why not saying. it was published instantly despite driver statement
worked together, created , blamed victim for
you know you lost something good and so now all you do is talk shit about me because you have no other options
lmao boy who
damn. this ad from clinton
powerful ad. it shows how this guy (trump) is out of touch with reality. he just does not have clue about anything.
big 4-1 win over the ct ice cats this morning. guess who had all four goals? great weekend by all!
love this picture it really captures your personality!!!
likewise bro have a day
as long as i'm watching football all is right also mets &amp; giants tied for
im actually not but the stage at the pits is ridiculously high!! see?
yeah i'm going to try for golden circle when justin does north america again
rudy giuliani on nyc explosion: "to say it's a terrorist act is perfectly accurate."
thank you, rudy, for protecting us from 9/11.
"no evidence of international terrorism" -- gov. cuomo.
however, he said -- paraphrase here -- placing a bomb on a bustling city street is by its very nature a terrorist act
did anyone ask for bush's bc? no, of course not. any other potus? no, of course not.
no, the media just accused him of being a draft dodger, and then manufactured evidence to support it, see rather, dan.
. shared a video of students singing songs of worship and praise to the savior at their teacher's home.
rest in peace in gods arms.
you have a purpose and a destiny locked up inside of you.
spend time with people who fall in love with your uniqueness!
but knowing him he forgot his charger
bruhhhhh aha u know i would be on my way 100 miles and smashing aha
likewise bro have a day
first playoff wildcard spot ooooh
i haven't been this skinny since my girlfriend left me! but seriously folks,
i always get skinny between boys. not sure if it's sadness or revenge
notice how ppl who think they'll nevr hv food taken frm them, be arrested while walking, etc,r so comfortable spouting this.
arrested by walking: you mean consequences of clintons' mass incarceration and putting 100k more cops on the street in 1990s??
haha politics can do that to you. it was a life changing experience. i highly recommend it if you have the inclination.
ani pema said to me once "the awaken mind knows the true path" ... i'm still searching
in a normal election, these 126 things would disqualify trump from becoming president:
please don't lose. the future of our children, nation and world depends on up.
muslems are not americans. never were and will never be.
god bless america. may the south never rise in treason again.
well we both whores then lol
shhh dont tell my husband lol. but im def a mental whore lol
wow smh girl are you seriously?! the green party ticket, she's the greener version of bernie
she doesn't have a chance tho.
latest update on
simple, is correct, using bomb 2 hurt people isn't just a crime, its a terrorist act, ? is, is it connected.
normal looking woman verbally assaulted me at a coffee shop as a "left wing millennial hillbilly". and talked about the coming trump victory
started the conversation by blaming muslims for last night's bombing
someone explain to me how there aren't riots over this
maybe not many women in utah want to be professors or have phds ...i sure don't. i know in the accounting program they were
under the tree farthest from food.
just realized that "under the tree farthest from food" would make a great book title
for money, u marry a guy in cambodia and get like 20k
i need me a trip down there
who doesn't love literal/phonetic latvian movie poster translations?
i was chatting with a latvian guy last week in vegas &amp; he didn't know what kill bill was. we had to google the translation.
hey , jonathan stewart or danny woodhead?
i'd say stewart.
he was right wtf !
fact is he should never get ahead of official statement,he shld exercise restraint.quality of a good &amp; thoughtful leader.period
started the conversation by blaming muslims for last night's bombing
then laid into me for voicing skepticism
right just like obama in 2012 - really stop selling the lies nytimes
what is the lie, exactly?
a whole lot on the cutting floor with all the edits they have to do to make their candidate palatable &amp; still isn't!
and all their hard work is still circling the toilet bowl.
our largest wind farm yet: introducing amazon wind farm texas
i guess that's better than wind farm taxes.
i been literally curvin all these hoes for ya
love that song sm
week 2 is here. eli manning and brock osweiler have arrived for work.
lets go baby
let's go yankees! the rav4 hybrid is the official hybrid vehicle of the new york yankees.
until the yankees pay off the should get in for free to their tax paid forr stadium
this makes a huge difference to me as a consumer. helps me a lot.
my sister has checked out several slaughterhouses. larry has always come out tops in all areas.
different than the other that appeal to different people. same arguments different games
apples to fucking apples
someone explain to me how there aren't riots over this
always searching for female professors, and the ones they had were just as highly paid and appreciated.
i want to see your pictures
pictures from what
gov. andrew cuomo: the explosion in nyc's chelsea neighborhood does not appear to be international terrorism
simple, is correct, using bomb 2 hurt people isn't just a crime, its a terrorist act, ? is, is it connected.
ps4 has a free week trial for nfl network
fuck i gotta see about xbox
instilling terror - for whatever reason - is terrorism!
i agree, but that's not what greta tweeted
yup. lol. u know what i mean.
. yes. i do, very well.. its frusterating. tbh
based on your eyes or heart?
your heart ? we 3-1 last 4 with our backup qb vs vawls
she should replace . has no business on
just seeing halperin us depressing.
me trying to figure out why all these white boys are saying the n word so casually
yessssssss too real
selfie stations you name it
just having a little fun w/ your name
hey friends, feel free to rt. as cute as this kitty is, would love to return it to it's home
no worries. we found the cat's people.
carlos hyde or thomas rawls...
would go with rawls, but it is close.
1 am: when all great ideas happen
loving the demographic mix
i cannot believe...ok i can...but...he's going to join this bs lie?
seems like he already has. shame on you for doing this!!
a press, media, entertainment created fallacy. trump: 1st candidate in modern history to hide taxes
i blame they need to come out and say the truth.
this wk we got the 1st look at 3 techs who set up hillary's 3 private servers.
wonder if they will testify?
looking for songs that use a movie clip/sample/famous quote. aiming to rank them for a future issue of the zine and want a good list
that shai hulud song where they sample groundhog day is so sick
have you ever covered? sin is sin... thank jesus we had him die so that we are blameless right?
sin is sin. there's no level. jesus died for us to take that sin, yesterday, today and forever. have you...
the fbi stands with our colleagues in the u.s. armed forces. congrats to all the runners of and
kalstrom speaks the painful truth about level of "intentional cover up" appearance with bureaus clinton investigation!
then laid into me for voicing skepticism
this was a well dressed older woman with a gucci bag throwing f-bombs my way on a sunday am
perhaps he got a low grade in a class. perhaps he was tired of having everything from his past being dissected by breitbart.
poor baby. how dare anyone question the chosen one? instead let's accuse romney of being a murderer.
juliet lily's spooky attire throughout the years. what is next?
im gonna die shes soooooo cuteeee im dead
same, kristen. i'm pretty sure you're alright but please let us know. i'm worried now. :( praying.
i'm here and good guys, as are my friends/family
dhs accused of sitting on damning border report as immigration issue drives presidential race via
this is a disgrace!
i agree but psg won't sell verrati/thiago silva in january.
sorry. i thought you meant in summer. i agree with you.
yea but i hate hirez so i need to hate paladins
elegiggle im not biased at all
that shit would have been thrown in the street so fast...
i can't stop laughing at this. i'm crying right now
juliet lily's spooky attire throughout the years. what is next?
she shud be a witch w a broom n everything
i'm at 's. we're making poppins demos.
is poppins a new worlds all the kids are saying now? like 'this burger is poppins!'
obama had to show his bc twice, but trump who championed the birther movement doesn't have to show his taxes? double standard.
he showed it once. in 2011. under extreme duress.
501(c)3 donating to 501(c)4 can be grounds for revocation of 501(c)3 status. q.v.
can't understand why no major media org has yet to pick up on this.
notice how ppl who think they'll nevr hv food taken frm them, be arrested while walking, etc,r so comfortable spouting this.
and when i express my views, why must you call it "spouting"? that is insulting and diminishing. these things are important to me
guys i found yan
- funny. heard comic saying he didn't want a candidate as smart as him wanted smarter
how about we just rename amc's to "hillary clinton's campaign" ?
on media life support
secnav priorities have nothing to do with defense: all navy sailors must undergo transgender education by july 2017
3 major engineering casualties on lcs program -poorly trained sailors wasting training time on bs
"those who can, do, those who can't talk about those who can"
mitch we gotta get this punctuation together
game will not be like that. it's the team who plays 60 min will win.
you all don't understand what our defense is
got it-thought this was your son
now i understand lol!! wow, that was awhile ago!! and now football is back!
so i live literally on the block where the second ied was last night here in manhattan. couldn't get back to my apartment until 3:45 am
omg. so glad you and are safe!
dougie 'the muscle hamster' martin or larry 'late night' fitzgerald ?
would go with doug martin.
if stats are anything like canada, they're still way behind jews though!
interesting. thanks for the link. good reminder that canada isn't perfect, as we imagine down here.
this video celebrating was the sweetest thing to wake up to... i'm just the luckiest
happy 9 years you little pineapple
i would highly rec you get out of your office and travel to some of rural areas of our country.
i have traveled. are you referring to poverty? the dems have ignored poverty over the past 8 years. barely talk about it.
. fantastic article. amen."travel back to an early clinton scandal" via
where ever clintons are there is scandal and graft and dishonest dealings!
haha! should it???
come on look at this face
when are you going to apologize for mocking new york times reporter serge kovaleski? get back to us when you get a chance.
apologize to stupid ny times???
have you ever covered? sin is sin... thank jesus we had him die so that we are blameless right?
never broken a commandment? never broken the attitude described in 1 corinthians?
it took her 10 minutes to grasp the bombing wasn't at 's apartment
no, chelsea's apartment contains the fountain of youth replete w/ gurney and happy pills.
make multiple constraints. selectively enable them. wrap in animation block. done.
this is how i roll. love it.
i would highly rec you get out of your office and travel to some of rural areas of our country.
i fought hard against dems and obama when they joined with repubs to cut nearly $9 billion from food stamps at time of record poverty
you're drinking the noah's washed kool-aid. he played 74 games just 2 years ago including playoffs.
i love noah, just a little scary considering his relationship with phil. he's a huge x factor
most of these dead ended college kids were in diapers when nader elected bush
well i hear ya, but true democracy allows and encourages third party candidates, whether we like the outcome or not.
this is spot-on. the alt-right and social justice left fundamentally are racist trolls.
the only difference is the suey park / shanley / chief elk type is racist against whites or jews-as-whites.
if we play like we have in first three games in not gonna wanna watch
make is work???! you obviously are wearing your orange glasses today!
because tech hasn't win a grammy or mtv music award , does that mean he isn't good enough as a rapper
absolutely not. lyrical skill has nothing to do with the number of awards earned. tech's one of the best regardless of grammys, etc
is it too late for me to go to college in the us? i like football, whooping, and drinking ...
wait. you went to college :
vikings over the packers?!
if it looks too good to be true.........
i honestly want a little .. i'd be such a good big
sis, you never around lmfao
how was the fight experience in dallas?
hell if i know. i'm in da brooklyn office lol
trump needs to tell us the names of the people he claimed he sent to hawaii to investigate obama's birth certificate
they have been photographed, but as yet not identified....
genius...quarterly 'pause button' retreats must be worked into all future budget discussions
good thing you know the boss ;)
26 year olds are not children.
ok! if you want 19 to 26 year olds to be removed from their parents' insurance plans, one candidate wants to do that!
marry a girl there lmfao you don't have to sleep with her, just marry her
na that's a dub i want pussy too
when are you going to apologize for mocking new york times reporter serge kovaleski? get back to us when you get a chance.
no way jose!
finally, for all his talk about living without meaning, prager never tells us why it is so critical to be able to name-drop cain and abel?
cain and abel happen to be my favorite biblical dyad, and their story contains multitudes.
ooops! the guy in red didn't want to be recorded. what i heard, in preserving toisan and cantonese language was a good topic.
using periscope for the first time:)
the "our choices" link keeps redirecting me to a log-in page. i'm a subscriber and already logged in.
thanks... are you on the web, on mobile web or in our app (or twitter app, which should direct you to mobile)?
to be clear, appears saying no matter who set explosion off, it can still be terrorism. or 4th generation
, yes correct, using bomb 2 hurt people isn't just a crime, its a terrorist act, ? is it connected
joining the team this week
welcome to the squad
stay ahead with a student subscription to the economist. subscribe for $12 and receive a free notebook
the know nothing people .who tell us negative rates are wonderful..no thanks..
wtf fam u can legit tweet me "i'm wearing socks" and imma be like yes girl wear those socks like
lmao i love you for this
i talk am say na fear of being sold make some begin play well. ok o, january dey come and mourinho dey take note
cry baby munrinho is no coach, i'm sure he would have been sacked by january
i would highly rec you get out of your office and travel to some of rural areas of our country.
literally, it was a dem president that signed those cuts. $9 billion, meanwhile he kept 98% of bush tax cuts for wealthiest americans
gotta get tougher real quick
our dl is gonna smoke vawls ol
alex smith or russell wilson?
if healthy, wilson. if out, smith.
yup! its currently in development now! will post more about it as it gets completed. super excited! thanks for your compliment
looking forward to it! i'm planning on contacting springloaded about their audio needs, are they open to new collaborators?
you left out saying the bombings in new jersey and new york city in your story. you're welcome for the help.
. you apparently did not read the story. video of clinton's comments is in there
wtf fam u can legit tweet me "i'm wearing socks" and imma be like yes girl wear those socks like
i'm not wearing any socks
hillary ball of confusion
a cat regurgitated hair ball
lmao i tried twice, how am i supposed to write it?
"those who can, do. those who can't, talk about those who can."
why the chelsea area tho?
not near trump tower
last night i held a very fluffy black cat up to my face bc witch but now i can't breathe and i'm itchy. anybody got a spell 4 that? thx.
benadryl! stir it up in cauldron and drink it to be immune
people making this a trump v hillary thing while shit exploded, people were hurt &amp; our current president was doing what exactly?
was he on vacation again(?)... -or, in another country on buissnes speaking about issues that arent a priority..
yerssssssss today's spurs match is being shown on the spanish channel, so i can actually watch it
i use roku box+my brother's cable passwd: all pl games available for streaming via nbc sports app (also pay for sling, has nbcsn)
watch &amp; listen to music
awesome enjoy bro
get the early-season ivs ready. going to be a humid 88 degrees at fedex field for and
stay hydrated, ed. it's gonna be a hot game, both literally and figuratively!
it's the morning after the concert and seriously, the saddest
at least you got to go
. on : should be ashamed of himself for claiming is inciting violence against
lying about trump....they are getting desperate! no issues of substance to talk about, so they lie.
lemon pepper wings only for the real ones ~ god bless
from bww? those are my absolute favorite
it was a typo, sometimes it's the only bone i'll throw right wing nutballs.
i'm glad to have received the bone lol i hope you're not as bone headed as ur tweets sound
.: "trump advocated something for 5 yrs that was lie." : "this is a sideshow." no, it's a divisive lie you dodge.
"pay no attention to that orange man saying time to fire up the ovens. it's only a sideshow."
dont jump to conclusions now... it may in fact have been the neighborhood cat...
could also be a crazy white dude. point is we don't know yet. sorry you guys living so far from here are so terrified.
i would highly rec you get out of your office and travel to some of rural areas of our country.
you care about fairness? why did hillary intervene to help ubs avoid having to turn over names of rich americans that sheltered $$$?
i've never been in love but i imagine it feels like mandy patinkin's voice sounds. strong, yet soft. gentle but firm. powerful but tender.
definitely easier to spell. what are you watching?
and here's the left wing daily beast from 2010-
racist nutjobs exist on both sides of the aisle. doesn't excuse trump or make him less of a racist nutjob.
with shoes like this? yes
dumbass questions they don't see how fire that shoe is
theres a difference between big and loud. neyland will be loud. big house is just big. been there.
what a bogus comment.... he's played at ohio state and michigan.... tougher to win there than neyland swain
first duty of government: protect your citizens build the wall no illegal or unvetted entries encourage responsible americans to carry
absolutely! in that order too.
the 29 people injured in the blast in nyc's chelsea neighborhood have been treated and released from the hospital
do they have anyone in custody??
formulaic russian propaganda: overstate momentary shifts in regional powers, lose massively on the ground.
when all you have to offer is: death destruction pillage deprivation explitation lies orrpession torture
that's true. it might be a number as high as 15 people!
"trust me" lol
this orange juice shit with michael b jordan in myplayer is a hack lmao im whallin with the alleys
have you even brushed your teeth yet
not to mention he got his ass beat by the central michigan chippewas and went 3-9
with a purdue team ...
i'm making a video about the attack and how it's already being covered-up.
it's not being covered up sources close to the investigation
formulaic russian propaganda: overstate momentary shifts in regional powers, lose massively on the ground.
people may choose to die
. on : when a race gets tight even a guy like gets desperate. he owes an apology.
yes he does!
how time flys . we're already off and running, proving all the experts wrong again !
you know it!! is it 4:30 yet??
you ever had wingstop?
is there one in astoria? bc if that's the one then yes but years ago lol
i haven't seen her this season either. if she could have put her programs together last season they would've been so powerful
yes. i think she had winning programs but not consistency. if she could land the jumps &amp; nail the artistry, she'd be a contender
it's interesting that jobs understood technology's intersection with humanity so well while being such an inhumane person
my theory is that he got that from pixar. not sure it applies before his work before rejoining apple (next).
hopefully our defense scores a bunch of points
ours will score more
no! i hv not. i hv called u vain and arrogant bcz you think expressing ur opinion right now is helpful, when it is dangerous.
do you hear yourself? arrogant, vain, now expressing my opinion is dangerous. you need to step back and see how you sound.
dat doesn't apply for teams who bought players to be up and running
let's agree to disagree. let's talk about it in may.
this is the kind of famous i want to be:
this is the kind of famous you are to me.
already am, your mom was good and cheap, tell her thanks.
you know mom jokes were a 90's thing, right? try to be more original.
someone explain to me how there aren't riots over this
(our one female professor talked about this) &amp; encouraged us (the 20% of females in the accounting program) to get phds...
: the injures 29
why is there no images of terrorists in a area deluged with cameras..collusion and doj cover-up.
plutocracy ii: solidarity forever (documentary)
excellent doc. well worth watching.
ahh, i have auditions for elf: the musical today!!! wish me luck!! so exicted for this production!!
today's a big audition day for me too! break so many legs!
yeah, because that's what he tweets, that what his speeches are... you really think is a christian? lol
what defines a christian to you? if someone believes that jesus died for the sin he knew we'd commit then yes
no! i hv not. i hv called u vain and arrogant bcz you think expressing ur opinion right now is helpful, when it is dangerous.
is it possible for someone to disagree with you w/out being called names or being told they are dangerous? i wonder.
mitch time to finally on judge garland--honor the voters' mandate &amp; the constitution.
on judge garland. even black presidents have a 4-year term.
most of these dead ended college kids were in diapers when nader elected bush
gore lost the election because of gore. and florida bush.
rlly wish girls would support each other &amp; tear each other apart for stupid reasons like we should all be bffs!!!
^^not tear each other apart***
yeah, because that's what he tweets, that what his speeches are... you really think is a christian? lol
what's a christian in your eyes?
hows the weather in new york?
nice day for shorts!
declares his early victory over during
victory was mine! i was cheated! the whole thing was rigged!
the "our choices" link keeps redirecting me to a log-in page. i'm a subscriber and already logged in.
hmm, happening to me too on mobile. i will pass along, thx.
. now on : the fbi is leading the investigation here in new jersey. this is clearly an act of terrorism.
yup. and we can expect more as we allow more unvetted immigrants in!
i get it.u r more liberal. ok, no prob. but ignoring reality2 speak your voice, when it'll damage millions is not honorable.
so now i am not honorable. well, at least it's a new insult.
he don't know! neyland is a different kind of loud! he ain't ready!
3 of our last 4 times we started a backup vs vawls... we have won.... what's ur point
she needs to be stopped
you're definitely right
they got fire lemon pepper wings
noted i must try them soon now
lmao i knew i should have put that second comma
helping my fam flourish one comma at a time
(our one female professor talked about this) &amp; encouraged us (the 20% of females in the accounting program) to get phds...
but as it turns out, byu is searching for female professors, but think about how many phd women in the lds faith there are...
exclusive: how the is completely missing the point when they downplay the bombings.
they always miss the point. mindless idiots.
first day of work
let me know how it goes love
don't be mad everyone knows that moneychanger could care less about jesus.
do you care about jesus? day in and day out? with every move you make in life?
joey, 33, engaged; dave, 32, m. to jen; john, 30; lucy, 27--i foaled them all at home, no drugs, no md. i homeschooled til college.
i will call u the natural. very impressive.
i got veronica a signed cd and annalea says "what about me"? lol oh these kids and there love for
i told her i got her a snow globe from ca and she said "but it's not david"
don't taint honzo's great day like that
hold up which team shut out it's opponent week 1? what was score? 28 to 0?
clearly they are running out of ideas on ours
f*cking loser!!! get a life you miserable little twat!!!
we're whipping up a brand new first of the month playlist for you today at 5. .
i have a gift to send y'all, what's the best email?
"the power of hr analytics applied to diversity &amp; inclusion " by on
that for the rt bob ! much appreciated
i'ts ok, i just wanted 2 be clear i am full conservative /christian serve jesus
yeah, that was totally aimed at andrew-my apologies
too scared to leave the apartment here. the only food we have are leftover smores.
an irish bar to watch the all ireland would've been a better poa
and i think she could rotate a quad, but she'd never land it.
i do think so. she's very muscular &amp; powerful. she needs more lift &amp; confidence in the landings..she could definitely do a quad.
happy birthday my best friend!!!! hope you have an amazing day!! love and miss you a ton
aw i love you so much
google has no answers, just many confused travelers commiserating.
some hotels in the us as well
do i want a sluggish president or a vibrant one who's ready to spring into action for our benefit day or night? hmm.
media props up hillary
that's the only thing that'll make this season okay.
just keep voting everyday, he has a great shot
and don't endanger the very vulnerable people of our society by your desire to get everything you want.
everything i want? a $15 fed wage is not for me. food stamps are not for me. all of this benefits others, it's not about me. i'm fine
on judge garland. even black presidents have a 4-year term.
one-third of u.s. presidents appointed supreme court justice in election year
if you got the part fingers you gtta hve this lol
nah i'm talking about the falcon emoji
yea - just ask pep guardiola - and walter mazzarri!
squad changes are numerous vs last year. they need time to adjust. we are in september people...
don't be mad everyone knows that moneychanger could care less about jesus.
do you consider his passion for those who are sinners (you and i and gasp donald too?)
the point is he could have helped prevent further crimes when he was first notified of it.
no one knows what he was truly told. joe could have done more but he relied on his bosses to take care of it. that was his mistake.
happy birthday!!
thanks so much girl!!
did you read until the end? i said burning my stuff was a joke, who would do that? is still with me
oh phew. my bad.
it was interesting it didn't end like i thought it would
i think that was the best part of the film we look for the fairy tale ending too much in film when it's not reality at all
happy sunday! on for rumpelteazer at 7pm tonight. meow.
rumpelteazer is the role that made me want to be an actress. i wish i could go so badly!! break legs!
. on : i do believe was trying to incite violence against
ugh. shame on you tim kaine!
its different if it's inspiration and straight ripping ideas/abilities from other games
they all do that. both of those.
wikileaks founder just revealed why sanders really dropped out - back &amp; end the tyrannical agenda of fascism!
overseas the green party services the cia in overturning progressive governments and imposing fascist dictators
and don't endanger the very vulnerable people of our society by your desire to get everything you want.
has hillary vowed to restore the $9 billion in cuts to food stamps?
. says calling bigots "deplorable" is offensive but it's his right to call vet bob gates a "clown."
self-awareness is not cheetonazi's strong suit.
why the boys got curly hair?
why the women have to shave their heads and wear wigs after having a child? that ain't fair
this has gone to far
i already said that. i know.
obama says it's a 'personal insult' if black voters don't back clinton | really? dumb ass.
check it out you stupid, stupid minority voters, you're expected to vote for hillary, and not have a mind of your own.
if are voting for clinton there will be consequences
you need a brain. no one is going to be intimidated by your ignorance. trump doesn't have a brain
and let's not question trump's refusal to release his taxes after he said romney should. nothing fishy there.
and what pray tell do you think he's hiding? use your imagination. is there racism in there?
i got you something that will look nice on your desk
really?! bawwww :3
waking up to this stunning view today
you ain't kidding! what a freakin' view! ... have fun, beautiful!
it's ur job to know
not when the phone came out 2 days ago
yes, with a purdue team, that he transferred from because he wouldn't start for a 3-9 purdue
that purdue team had no defense.... dobbs will be eating grass vs our d
good luck to and as they run the today!
mr. endres is here too!! he just came across the finish line at 3:35:52
now imagine the outrage if bush said "it would be a personal insult if white folk didn't vote for mccain in nov"
bizzaro world pc
ummm deliver me a bite thanks
kk on my way!
yep me and 170 million other americans
. - where do you see trump being bigoted? i see just the opposite. treats everyone the same.
how many of the ten commandments will you allow trump to break? before he's a shitty person?
how many have you and i broken, and jesus stays the same. he died for every commandment we break.
and don't endanger the very vulnerable people of our society by your desire to get everything you want.
and hillary has now walked back her pledge on $15 wage, which wasn't even a fed min wage. $12 isn't enough to get ppl out of poverty
that car is wind-powered, which has to count for something!
... wind-powered? like a sail-boat, then. which technically makes you mariners, or something like that, right? :d
just going to lay in bed and watch disney movies all day cause this girl has a cold that wont leave her alone
feel better. i watching legacy on my tv. let's run a campaign for a legacy 3 dvd with emmet &amp; michael included!
wake up ! it's the 1st home game of the season.
heading over in a couple of minutes, raaaaaaiderrrrrrrs!
yes, with a purdue team, that he transferred from because he wouldn't start for a 3-9 purdue
also we get callaway back.... you lost sutton
let's make one thing clear. if dorothy didn't play the "and-you-were-there" game post oz, i would've had no clue those were the same people
really? even with the foreshadowing lines about having no brain, heart, or courage?
always did love harrison!
this man is a rare find in hollywood. an actor with integrity &amp; a brain
im disgusted. does no one see the is a false flag operation? suddenly no coverage of us "accidently" bombing . dont buy it
false flag? this device was outside my house last night. it was very real to me
yes, with a purdue team, that he transferred from because he wouldn't start for a 3-9 purdue
appleby just has to chuck it to callaway... vawls will get killed by him
how many of the ten commandments will you allow trump to break? before he's a shitty person?
the ten commandments were the law before jesus. imagine us having to live up to them? imagine donald having 2
. the only joke in the situation is your vote. switch today or i want your address. you punk bitch.
oh yeah i meant his sorry attempt at an insult.
sorry i've blocked vox and huff po because they're legitimate trash
yeah i'm sure you did.
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
seaside park, nj had a pipe bomb explosion yesterday morning,too.it was a miracle no one was hurt-a 5k run was scheduled
christie defends trump's suggestion that clinton's bodyguards should drop weapons
they are both in cahoots
like asap. shit will change your life.
will do!! from which one
and don't endanger the very vulnerable people of our society by your desire to get everything you want.
it seems like your side is willing to compromise on things that are vital to the poor. you can't start negotiating from the middle
or what do they mean when they say "terrorism"? only isis type groups?
now they've backtracked and say not "international terrorism" ... why is that kind scarier?
'take a trip to syria to see what "embarrassed" means': russia's zakharova to us' power
last name of warmonger is power
blah, blah, blah. run along and spread your conspiracy theories at a bernie sanders alum event
i think you should be deported.
is extremely mediocre. a completely, paint by the numbers horror movie. doesn't build on the mythos even a little.
oh well :-(
kids, in the old days, dad would forget to save and lose the whole document you can still experience that feeling in wordpress today
are you using the latest version of wordpress (4.6.1)? if so it should be locally saved in your browser, that was a big deal w/ 4.6
finally! \o/
about time!!! lol
*posts from anon account* *makes fun of other's looks*
i didn't make fun of ur looks, i said u look exactly how i would expect u to look. why would you think of that as negative?
the alt-left would actually be a very fitting name for sjws, we should start calling them precisely that
i realized that they are allotropes when it was revealed that weev coached shanley kane.
hey , thanks for being great! a sampling of my fave talks &amp; convos:
elm is awesome! i started playing w/ it. agree it's not 100% there yet tho, some stuff is wip (eg css)
i'm sure his heel spurs were quite debilitating. did he go to war? no. but he talked shit about mccain being a pow, didn't he?
is service in the military the bar you're now setting for being president? where did hillary serve?
espn college gameday loves the florida-tennessee game when it's in knoxville. will be there next week.
is the game at noon or night?
ur family still needs to adopt me
for real, we should be related
where are your favorite nyc spots? nominate them for our :
why no brooklyn kolache in bedstuy?
i this video &amp; can't wait 2 sing with you in nov!
yay! more music giving us lyfe!
sorry i've blocked vox and huff po because they're legitimate trash
they don't speak to your narrative, but both have good stuff not about trump
but as it turns out, byu is searching for female professors, but think about how many phd women in the lds faith there are...
haha didn't mean to go off. i hate statistics without background- it's more a culture issue- not an inequality issue.
lmfao facts
system my ass. you a great corner, you make the system. i respect 2 corners. haden and patrick peterson. rest are system cb
. if you vote you are validating and participating in the system you criticize, the logic should be "if you vote, you can't whine"
so tell me, how do you propose changing us system since only current way is via elected officials?
with intent?
i have times of the day (short times) where i tweet &amp;c, and most of the time, i'm not! :)
and don't endanger the very vulnerable people of our society by your desire to get everything you want.
everything i want includes a president that is not pro-death penalty, which disproportionately affects black/brown poor americans
wingstop. bww ones are cool but wingstop is where it's at.
no i know, i meant which wingstop lol cause there's a few right?
we had three terror attacks today! if you wanna be "progressive", stop making the same mistake europe made with muslim immigration
its upside down world, now. "progressive"means"regressive". and "liberal" is actually "slave".
j mart will shut his ass down.
callaway had 153 vs sutton last year.... so keep dreaming
jennifer - in nyc from lagos? nice work with and have a great summit. keep an eye out for
would do! thanks!!
that is crazy!
i'm sure it's auto generated. and, probably speed up someone's algorithm by a factor of a million or something.
6 mind-blowing fan theories about "mr robot"
brilliant, overused and colloquial yes, but in the case of this show accurate. as lolita was transcendent.
will you ever come to the realization that the president cant continuously blurt out stupid shit ?
thank you for your time and intellect as you persevere in the void once occupied by true journalists.
the 29 people injured in the blast in nyc's chelsea neighborhood have been treated and released from the hospital
are the hospitals gonna charge the victims for treatment?
thanks, i'll check em out. i like all kinds of music, i'm just looking 2 get out more &amp; see some good shows in smaller venues
smaller venues are the best! saw coldplay zac brown and a bunch in them before the big stadiums! so worth it
in a normal election, these 126 things would disqualify trump from becoming president:
fuck you, murderer.
someone needs a hug
yes your mother for giving birth to such a moron.
u gotta put me on to the bay area buds bro
say less bruh i got you when i get back up there!
j mart will shut his ass down.
j mart will be on the ground crying
who's your vote for ? vote now.
victor, all day everyday
exclusive: secret service unleashes 80 minutes ... -
this should be good, but bet it will be banned and washed out immediately!
*posts from anon account* *makes fun of other's looks*
i'm in the bronx, i could go down to nyu so you can see what i look like in person, i hear you guys got good bud connects.
when we dance
this girl has me smiling way to early in the morning
still thinking about balochistan ? paa ji bary makholiay ho tusi
the reason is very simple,pakistan doesn't want to live peacefully &amp; doesn't want neighbors to have any peace.
and don't endanger the very vulnerable people of our society by your desire to get everything you want.
everything i want includes a president who does not support bombing other people's children in imperial war in the middle east
probably their last meeting ever, though unlikely either will shed any tears over that
until obama is un secretary that is.
they're are following the party line propped up by obama's agenda. this isn't global warming.
global w are the two words that made my hair stand on !we are in big trouble as a nation if this is a priority at this time
i could cry at the goal this tweet is and how i took a series of tweets to attempt to say what you did so well. i shame.
i'm a hard goal to achieve but aspiration is nice. :)
lying ass you called me a second after this tweet
lmfao why you exposing me tho smh
j mart will shut his ass down.
our secondary is best in america dbu.... you should be scared
exactly .... i was really hoping for the best but like you said it was reality all things don't happen the way you want!
yea especially when you macking and treating women like ish. he was fighting for redemption but it was still too early
so rowe, gronkowski, hightower, cooper, derby, johnson are the likely outs per reports (aka ). 1 more to come.
my guess is that dj foster will be the other inactive. rb depth is good.
jules wainstein divorce battle gets ugly! michael seeks full custody of the kids! -
he should.....protect his kids from tv
no one knows what he was truly told. joe could have done more but he relied on his bosses to take care of it. that was his mistake.
the sandusky investigation in 1998 was the biggest fail job... if the cops get him then, 2001 never happens.
i'm don't pretend to be a christian like .
wait but you asked me if i read my bible? which means you have? i mean.... have you? or you're not christian
up first on : donald trump's contempt for the press. i'm talking with , , ,
omg,! your show trump/media? how about that server destroyer thing
obama and clinton are co-chairs in the war on police. to the american police officer, know this. help is on the way!
thank you for this info
actually balak and bilam are also right up there.
i never really identified with them. :( (full disclosure: the book i want to write is called in the defense of cain.)
imagine if wwe had a wrestlemania there one day. they've had it at levi's stadium
thats a big one
and don't endanger the very vulnerable people of our society by your desire to get everything you want.
everything i want includes a president who's biggest donors aren't the very criminal banks which crashed the economy in 2008
i'm don't pretend to be a christian like .
and just read it as literature and history?
trump's comments got attention because they came hours before officials confirmed it was a bomb
con ed was on the scene investigating potential gas leaks at the moment trump definitively declared a bomb went off.
happy birthday have a great day
thanks wiz
hmm. so they bought digital fuel, renamed it vrealize, and are spinning it out again as... digital fuel. ht
spinning out cloud software is all the rage. i should know. (cc )
paint it black is a 50 year old song
i had to verify ... but ya it is. still awesome!
. on the alarming precedent of trump's anything-goes campaign
terrific article, but the real question is how can trump keep votes with his crazy antics?that's the real question!
kim zolciak: there's no point in me returning to the real housewives of atlanta -
please don't your better without. ...
i urge all responsible americans to arm themselves, train and carry. it saves lives. don't be a helpless target.
use your second amendment rights!
what other movies or shows would you like to se turn into videos like this?
anything really iconic that came outta the 90's like space jam...
and don't endanger the very vulnerable people of our society by your desire to get everything you want.
everything i want includes a president who is not friends w/bank ceos who should be in jail for criminal fraud.
yep you dont wanna be in those pics and snaps
or just being in a room with that many white people comfortably saying it at the same time in the first place. nope
you a perro to everyone else except us it's okay
let me be hard on social media at least smh
hope you are prepared. no one has successfully pressed trump or backed him in a corner. better happen or trouble
i agree. she needs to not stand for a non answer and she needs to call him on anything not truthful
good morning!
good morning maiya!
read the article, it's hilarious, and we get a cameo from this smoke
hahaha i tweeted that, opened the article and realized it was not blasphemy. i wish i was swedish.
can you imagine minions roaming the streets on ny haha
friggin epic. so much mischief but the good kind
how are we going to fit me in it tho :/
also what if i want to have a sleepover i'm rlly worried about that
tell me why no one informed me?!?!?
honestly i thought for sure this would be one of those "i already tweeted this" moments. i'm shocked.
spot of chelsea explosion is large home for the blind being renovated...odd target if bomb.
. i am still interested in what happened in central park 7/4 weekend. still unexplained.
con ed was on the scene investigating potential gas leaks at the moment trump definitively declared a bomb went off.
trump's campaign still hasn't made clear what info his comment was based on. i asked multiple times.
terry and heather dubrow start major feud with the kardashians: "you're not normal!" -
my two favorite people!!!
as a ny'er who lives in nj just across the pond from manhattan - not going to lie i'm shaken somewhat by all this
me too joy. very anxiety producing.
ten commandments aren't important, but my state has spend thousands tying to put a statue of them up?
but in the beginning of our discussion you acted as a self righteous christian judging trump?
*crooked - criminal - hillary*
this is what i want to see this is god getting us together
i agree, but people like dennis prager just want to see it printed on alaska airlines tray napkins.
why would you want to print fratricide on an airplane napkin?
obama says it's a 'personal insult' if black voters don't back clinton | really? dumb ass.
you're all still being treated like your on a plantation, but you're to stupid to realize it. when will you wake up??
you need to look up the definition of false flag.
i think you do. your point is unclear
***deplorable lives matter***
love you all
ten commandments aren't important, but my state has spend thousands tying to put a statue of them up?
excuse me if i find it funny that you're actually not and you haven't read the bible you attacked me with?
the loss angeles rams, tbh
they will cover the spread
psa: lightning headphone adapter shuts off after 5 minutes of inactivity if screen is off. pause/volume don't work until replugging.
thank you, i thought i had a broken adapter
goddamn. i forgot how cheesy the intro song was for the g.i. joe movie. fuck.
how could you ever forget that intro? it's burned into my mind. "coming tru the sky, comes a fearful cry, cobraaa, cobra!"
happy birthday ! glad to celebrate part of it with you at w the cast!
-- thanks syd! no better way to spend the day than being surrounded by broadway!
6 mind-blowing fan theories about "mr robot"
angela was being as genuine as possible for a young woman who lives off approval during the dark army int.
they don't speak to any narrative other than brain dead millennial buzzwords
that's not a sentence. but if you want to make this a generational thing
some shifty business dealings? proof that his charity contributions are nill. if there's (cont)
really? in his tax return? too bad we don't have a gov't org. to go over our tax returns.
***deplorable lives matter***
yes keep up the train go in full force
does anyone really believe trump believes obama was born in the u.s.?
it is all a stunt for the african american votes.
. with that impish smile your innocence, she'll defile but it's so worthwhile...
thank you for those beautiful words! i'm obsessed with your handle and profile pic!
i'm sad the fame -&gt; artpop has just been an illusion and we've basically been played lmao
pop music is an illusion bb
lmao, it's amusing, christians giving a pass on the basic tenets of christianity.
but the point remains and you won't answer if you're even a christian or have read the bible you use lol
i'm just having fun with my old friend ced. nothing more.
carry on! :)
still thinking about balochistan ? paa ji bary makholiay ho tusi
look at sindh,when sindhis like my father,before 1947 lived there,was very prosperous,now everything in shambles.
and don't endanger the very vulnerable people of our society by your desire to get everything you want.
hillary's donor banks caused pain to millions of families. suicide rate increases directly in relation to unemployment rate.
happy birthday to my birthday quadruplets hope you guys have a great day!!
thanks sam love you
that's it only reason why i respect sherman now is because he started following last year!!!!
yea sherm actually shut down ab last year. we still ate and should've won but hey, he did what was needed
they don't speak to any narrative other than brain dead millennial buzzwords
i always say old ppl are ruining the country i'm glad to have you in mind.
good morning, perfecf illusion is very excellent and i love it a lot.
good morning indeed! c*ry can't say the same about his morning sadly
he must have some kind contract for eternity
for real lmao
tri-state terror: five bombs in 24 hours
so, is it intentional, is it terrorism? hmmm, let me think! heck yah! its terrorism! n
no i didn't, that's something only self-righteous christians can do.
ok so i'm very confused (but i applaud your double talk it's great for trolling here) are you a christian?
yes, only first at things trump thinks will raise his poll numbers or benefit him somehow.
fortunately he has been wrong. thus far, trump's hair-on/fire responses have not given him the poll bumps he seeks.
we live in new york so it's a natural reaction to be afraid when you find out there was a bomb where people walk by everyday
i guess. idk. doesn't affect or scare me. everything happens for a reason.
your news feed likely could use some more mandy patinkin a selfless act. not even doing this for the likes
this kills me.
that's ur opinion. is she &gt;hawkish than jill? yes. are people running to jill? no. are they running to "nuclear donald? yes
why must you capitalize words? it's not helping get your point across any better.
3/ a) appears to be more of an emotional than rational position, and it's hard to take seriously. b) and c) are entirely too rational.
i'm betting we'll get there, but we need way more factories to go automated before policy window opens
why are nj shore towns canceling long-planned festivals and events if there's no security risk; stupid
prepping for dollar collapse&amp;unfortunately, marshall law.that's when dumb public realizes both sides were always same side
gotta do what ya gotta do
please shine
seriously, why is 'geraldo' still on the air? big joke.!
he is a joke
a muslim woman was set on fire in ny last week. where was your outrage then?
y'all both retarded, you under the impression only white people live in manhattan? y'all are both clowns!
hillary fraud double, triple and continuous charging to campaign. won't answer calls.
she steels from everyone
we visited hillary clinton's cramped tech offices in brooklyn - check it out
integrity, honest, trustworthy, dependable!
stay safe john.
i'm staying home , thanks
what are you talking about
is this a 12 step plan for aspiring lumberjacks?
oh, we're just assuming it was muslims for the moment, because white people never blow things up. got it.
i never said white people dont blow things up... i live in ny... i know white people blow things up lol
happy birthday lawtons love you all sooo much
aw miss you soph
cop killings up 83% this yr!! so answer yes
i have never been more entertained by anyone's opinion in my life! please do not change medication!
there's one on fulton street. gps it
lmao yeah i know where it is, i used to work right by it
in a normal election, these 126 things would disqualify trump from becoming president:
true. but since he's running against a career criminal all bets are off.
united's defeat was down to the officials, luck, and poor individual performances. the blameless one.
the more reason he's finished
a college debt forgiveness program + free uni announcement with at your side would be huge.
millennials are the real "undecided" as they are unsure, in many way *rightly*, whether to bother voting.
the belief that bad news redounds to trump's benefit is an odd one. it's really not supported by evidence.
doesn't stop msm from this-is-nbd story assault.
trump aide blames clinton campaign for "birther" movement - cbs news
she is right.
up first on : donald trump's contempt for the press. i'm talking with , , ,
you have been outcasted for being unfair and its obvious to all
really, then what would you say about eminem
em's signed to which is a huge label. he's a mainstream artist with radio hits who's been an academy member for 17 years
everything will be ok now. ": top crow david noble set to join the lions.
yep! sack the coach and get new people in. board trying to create "hope" for the fans.
the guys bi-polar on trump &amp;creep
yes he is and he is trump friend yea
my dad's reaction on the explosion in chelsea:
my dad just found out about this tweet &amp; would like me to draft up a release form for whenever i expose him publicly on the twitter
good morning mighty
good morning from beautiful sunny oakland california!
who's more petty?
wow i misread that and thought it said pretty* and voted you lmao oops
aren't they already convinced?
most probably are, but he can use all the chance incidents of violence he can get to sell his (laughable) strongman image.
i have read the bible. i wanna know how many ten commandments is allowed to break. .
how many are you and i allowed to break before we aren't saved by jesus sacrifice on the cross?
breaking: eight stabbed in mn mall; suspect asks victims if...
we really need to crack down on these guys!
is it mainly gonna be canelo-ggg chat or will you ask teddy his thoughts on usyk fight woodsy?
anything and everything
that's ur opinion. is she &gt;hawkish than jill? yes. are people running to jill? no. are they running to "nuclear donald? yes
. it's not just that hrc's more hawkish than jill stein, it's that she's more hawkish than most democrats.
oh god, this. lol! and heaven help you when you have long hair.
fortunately i only started stretching after i shaved my head lmao. i can only imagine
good morning lads reminder that we are one day closer to donald j. trump purging the neoconservatives and leftists.
super healthy candidate
i have read the bible. i wanna know how many ten commandments is allowed to break. .
find that scripture it'll make judging others which we shouldn't do (attitudes you talked about) easier
when you finally revise you lost a good thing it's to late .....
yea every man can relate to that in his macking career. the key is to mack hard but mack honorably
6 mind-blowing fan theories about "mr robot"
she recognized the power, reach and fluidity of white rose and knew she was overmatched. wr feels for ang.
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
what about the haters and losers though?
my money would be on lb elandon roberts as the final inactive, especially if lt nate solder is ready to play.
they need elandon roberts as depth if hightower is inactive.
michael and teryl did an amazing job in this episode
they are amazing
so i guess it's all about pettiness now, not about principles.
when has it *not* been about pettiness.
here's my first highlight video since 6 months, let me know what you think!!
aw what a cute and fun video
reince should be a little more focused on updating his resume than making empty threats.
he should focus on today's mass reading.
3 attacks in one day. what's the latest and what does it mean? 620amest.
smart man we need to listen to
usually these sports folks are all over it when it involves a gun
of course. guns are the worst. bomb and knife attacks never occur in the wild...
4/ this has all been argued elsewhere; no need to tweetstorm. just to say b) and c) are fine points to make as *reminders*, not rebuttals
imo only makes sense to argue against if you're really skeptical of advanced robotics, self-driving cars, etc
where is the media outrage!? this rapist is a hillary supporter does clinton think her supporter is "deplorable"?
gotta hand it to he is always right.
do you ever look at your best friend and think my life would suck without you i love you so much thx for existing bc i do all the time
because it's my best friends birthday
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
btw, everyone been released from the hospitals. no deaths...
have a single quest dedicated to them four years later.
have the quest results in the survey been shared anywhere? i liked what we got with last year's survey.
still thinking about balochistan ? paa ji bary makholiay ho tusi
why can't muslims forget that people are going to be happy under their islam.this makes hindus like us mad.
didn't say that. said he works 4 the same ppl as hc corp fascist war hogs yes he's marginally less corrupt
who is less corrupted?
if you don't like that direction, get involved. work. go to meetings. show up. have your voice heard.
i am involved. extremely involved. but i am no longer a member of the democratic party. i've worked for dems.
photo shoot
i think the 2nd pic is one of my favorites of you ever. happy birthday!!
flip it around, imagine this. bush: "would be 'personal insult' to legacy if white voters don't back mccain."
you are an insult
what are you suggesting?
not conspiracy-minded either. but why place inside heavy steel dumpster, containing blast, minimizing damage?
i would like to hear jesus christ's assessment of tho ... the lies, the grifting, the coveting, the adultery ...
would you like to hear his about yours?
have the quest results in the survey been shared anywhere? i liked what we got with last year's survey.
we saw how the various quest series ranked, so we could at least understand why some series got priority.
did you know it's constitution day? doubt very seriously you heard anything about that on the liberal media
it should be a national holiday it's what preserves our freedom
actually its parkinsons, m dad had it so i know lots about it. i lived s him &amp; saw it all her stiffness freezing
sad about your father i lost my father years ago in cuba he committed suicide ,sad
i would like to hear jesus christ's assessment of tho ... the lies, the grifting, the coveting, the adultery ...
jesus died for all of that... what's your point?
yea, for sure. her landings are out of control. but, when she does land them they are beautiful.
yes, definitely. she has the technique, it's just the finishing touches &amp; confidence in the landings that she needs. :-)
"acidentally"
ate shit coming off a wall. she shouldnt have been standing where she was standing. her fault... right?
if you don't like that direction, get involved. work. go to meetings. show up. have your voice heard.
after dnc debacle, i left. what debbie wasserman schultz and dnc did to bernie and supporters was horrendous. and then hrc hired her!
happy 21st birthday to me
happy birthday!
actually its parkinsons, m dad had it so i know lots about it. i lived s him &amp; saw it all her stiffness freezing
rest in peace your papa
the burns on my hands have got to go
pop them already
registered in panama to avoid paying australian tax on millions lnp gives them. how many are liberal party members?
wouldn't it be great if australia had at least one journo who had the ability to do investigative reporting?
venkatesh also says homeopathy is based on vitalism -life force. in the 21st century. go figure.
homeopathy is based more on moronism.
seems like the opposite to me, but who knows.
you yell terrorism, people go, huh? what? you yell islamic terrorism, we got a panic on our hands on the 4th of july
john 15 is one of my most favorite chapters. i have studied it well. we are grafted into the vine. ptl.
amen! john 15:5 is so important because if we don't remain (abide) in him we cannot bear fruit+are useless!
will do! it's amazing there! but my home country is jordan, i love it there as well, come visit soon!
that awkward moment when i apparently think all should wear a burka after going to a nyfw show with hijabi models.
ummm women's self defense tiny talk??? yes
yes yes yes yes!!!
4/ this has all been argued elsewhere; no need to tweetstorm. just to say b) and c) are fine points to make as *reminders*, not rebuttals
so until we prove that tech potential you'll have randian naysayers
ok on the spot again, rb2 blount or yeldon...then flex blount/yeldon/diggs (1/2 pt ppr)? leaning yeldon and diggs.
i'd go yeldon and blount.
someone has to be paying these people to post these message, they are almost word for word each time
or maybe a lot of twitter users just feel that way.
he needs to release them, period. if it's good for the goose....
lol, no he doesn't. only people like you care - america haters who want hillary to win at all cost.
and if you want a bibliography, here's one from two seasons ago. aka not the 27 game sample size.
don't we think he can get that ability back?
we saw how the various quest series ranked, so we could at least understand why some series got priority.
here it's just "they always rank low", but i'd look at something like the heart of stone polls.
thank you for spending a percentage of your life checking it out!
no problem, hope you can watch my film "falling" one day soon. still in post production
out of all the dumb stuff you've tagged me in it shown me over the years you didn't show me this this is my fave ever
lmao what can i say i messed up jay but now you still get to see it and lol also
actually its parkinsons, m dad had it so i know lots about it. i lived s him &amp; saw it all her stiffness freezing
god bless you my lady
that's a sarcastic post. knows the fella and said he's an xbox fan. gaf shouldn't do sarcasm.
actually ford gt guy gave me the post and that guy is not an xbox fan
we can go thru them one at a time. and compare them to 's actions, if you want.
do you're asking me to judge someone else's behavior against a law that jesus fulfilled/ gives us grace for?
i just published "the curious case of jill stein and liberal misogyny"
shoutout to &amp; the rest of the for inventing the polls-plus-memes-minus-polls model referenced in this piece.
oh you from jersey now? you're not a new york diva anymore? all this "we" shit is kinda new...
it's ok to be wrong. just acknowledge your stupidity and keep it moving lol
sarcasm at its best.
for blameless one it is over
what's new today my peoples? someone give me the lowdown.
i found a dollar under my couch so i'v got that going for me
what's going with your service? let us look into it for you. ^tnt
you weren't aware that manhattan customers can't dial 911 because your phone service is down??
most men that bitches think cute i think are ugly
of course u would
when are you going??!! i'm going on the 6th of october
going the 7&amp;8! awe
now that's hilarious !!
the italian district was next to the vietnamese district. my hubby &amp; his fam are hungarian. he was born in hungary.
that is something you really could do, rather than throwing the election to trump.
having hillary as candidate is throwing election to trump. sanders was beating trump by double digits. clinton is sadly tied w/him.
meh.... guess that looks like a legit excuse for a prior commitment and missing an !
i was sad to miss it! this trip was long planned - longer than the barn project probably.
so... where exactly is ?
all you have have to do is go on their website!
q. why did the ghost skip class? a. because he was too ghoul for school
you like my ghost jokes? i got a skele-ton of them
this is true. my family and i were out in manhattan and many of our train lines were closed. uber prices surged up.
and they wonder why they are so despised. they are just greedy scumbags.
done with the entire female population
well i guess were done with the sean new population :))
that poor drawing!!
oh honey, i have debased thousands of drawings
actually want to cut some people from my life to make me happier but idk if i have the strength to
fr tho if you can go 3 days without talking to me directly, i don't need you or want you
west coast is up this is your chance !
reserved a verizon 7+, hoping they don't turn me down cause i'm doing a 2 year contract upgrade
this week's weekly roundup ( is particularly interesting from a symbolic point of view...
there are two great pieces showing how solid and serious is for enterprise it, and two others about arm and iot ...
kellyanne: hillary created the racist smear of birtherism todd: but trump exploited it for 5 years kellyanne: chuck, its time to move on
paying for legally obtained dirt on
me and alyssa tried to make fun of ppl that do this so we did it then i accidentally posted it on my real insta
could someone stop me thanks
no. but tell me his comments about mccain weren't slimy, considering the fact he never served.
by your metric, hillary shouldn't be anywhere near the white house. her (shriveled) ovaries disqualify her.
and always poppin shit about beer pong. come play a crafty homies, been doing this since 91'
lmaooo my last interaction with you on the table wasn't so good for you brother
and mostly, work to repair our press which is the largest issue. without that repair, we will face this again and again.
clinton's inability to open up a lead against trump is somehow my fault? she's a flawed candidate. millennials can't stand her
the irony! mexican activist slammed trump 4 saying illegal mexicans r rapists, charged with rape
i hate when i pull up someone's tweet and i get a bunch of consecutive ads
nice running into you yesterday - next time we hit the bar down the block has a great pop a shot
our basketball fights yesterday is the norm lol
"we don't surrender, we win or die." we remember our iconic arab-muslim hero omar al-mukhtar. september 16, 1931.
"we are a nation that knows no surrender, we win or we die."
up first on : donald trump's contempt for the press. i'm talking with , , ,
how about a show her email and it aide pleads 5th, skips hearing?
kellyanne conway you are the worst. i can't even find a starting point as to why. i have yet to hear a question answered.
i don't know what she tells her four kids as to why she supports trump
here it's just "they always rank low", but i'd look at something like the heart of stone polls.
everything is grouped together. river of blood happened because lord of vampyrium only had floor 61 to compete with.
and why do you think this isn't a normal election. as a study aide, here is a mirror.
whst's not "normal" about america examining all likely candidates, ' insider' or not?
6 mind-blowing fan theories about "mr robot"
wr side of the minister feels a connection to the angela/lolita archetype. ag may use that to her advantage.
so where is all this globe earth shill money types keep talking about and how do i get some?
it is all mine mine mine, and i am not sharing......
i gotz one of those. plus a whole lot more blue tractors. cows too.
we are mostly blue. nice blue dealer nearby
. yes!. too much . will pit our rights against our we cant live like that.
law enforcement needs our support!
south brooklyn
too far but thank you!!
unofficially- a 10-60 call from fdny (major incident, extremely rare, plane crash etc) and report that device was in dumpster.
totally. something was clearly amiss but that specific info wasn't publicly available and they're not saying where he got it
we're restoring tonbridge, reigate and redhill services to the timetable from next week
why are you celebrating this..it should never have been cut off in first place. shame on you.
vote for watch
very sexy :)
icymi: you can watch my interview with on and his attempt to play voters once again
! who says you have no sense of humor? vote
you're gonna vote for - without making an assessment of his behavior and actions? wow.
nice work but you won't catch me in that... i asses that clinton is not the candidate i want running the us
it's crazy how a year ago i got my working papers, a year later i start my first job
same af where you working doe
those who say it can't happen here haven't read history.
if trump is elected, it will happen here.
and the ending number and it will also be played faintly in the background the whole time
first performance is tomorrow get ready bitch
the points are there by your very support of her at this dangerous time. you couldn't do what u r w/o ignoring poor, etc.
i think a candidate that takes money from citi, chase and goldman is ignoring the poor. i know what those banks did to economy.
a doctor's life ;)) hopefully i'll get to buy groceries on tuesday lol
wow. are you a doctor? i didnt know. omg i thought its a diff profession. thats awesome hun!
we have another pot v kettle situation this morning, where trump calls out clinton's charity for not making grants.
are you serious trump foundation is nothing but a lie talking about crooked he spending the money on himself.
yo people are fucked up. straight up.
. lol this is all of hobbes' social theory in one tweet
running with huge tits should definitely qualify as a talent
americas best tits? dd-factor?
such a beautiful family--the pic needs to be bigger for all to see! beautiful!!!!
beautiful family
this sounds like some messed up version of my strange addiction.
my strange addiction is messed up enough on its own
there are two great pieces showing how solid and serious is for enterprise it, and two others about arm and iot ...
first, the authorized partner program ( what's exciting about it? ...
swift's "defer" statement: the convenience of autorelease for *anything*.
even things that haven't been declared or defined yet, which i still find weird.
did u even listen? he said no evidence of international terrorism. this doesn't mean domestic, isis inspired.
good point, but i'm commenting on everyone throwing their two cents in in the first place.
hillary drop out yet? i'd consider going back to church if she did. not really, but i would thank god.
so, you're voting 3rd party? bernie urged supporters not to do so for potus, &amp; not voting is an abdication of responsibility.
really kind of unbelievable that in the aftermath of a bombing in nyc and still can't manage a joint briefing
cuomo and deblasio star in stepbrothers 2
not conspiracy-minded either. but why place inside heavy steel dumpster, containing blast, minimizing damage?
false flag operation to promote trump candidacy.
you're gonna vote for - without making an assessment of his behavior and actions? wow.
but for you, a non christian, to use christian ideology and theology against trump... that's a whole new low
so what you're saying is that you now own an eu spl team?
well. 1 player.
i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
mefia props up hillary
i'm on tweetbot, so just an in-app safari view controller of mobile web. works fine on desktop.
yeah, there's something wrong. thanks for flagging.
fyi if you're checking the tag you won't find any useful information, just the usual racists &amp; islamophobes spouting trash.
bomb is a f bomb !!! the bombs were designed to kill and terrorize the people ! and i do not want bombs on the streets of nyc
him: you wanna ride with me while i run some errands? me: *already in the car* where we goin first?!
any time in the car with you haha this was the one with getting breakfast too
i am speaking to your behavior.
"i am speaking to your behavior" sounds, and looks, very parental. do you realize you're coming across that way?
the best saturday thing was uva asking a guy who had literally never played football to make the game's biggest play
pssssst...his name is alex furbank.
all these parties are so overrated
wait till i come back
not "amusing" to me. just
oh no you think i'm deplorable... yikes... that's passing judgment super quick :(
when you're one of the good millennials you get treats.
. the whole yale thing
what a fuck.. he verbally puts out the fear 12 hours ago then posts this just 2 hours ago -we got video ..
he only consider himself
ngl my parents are actually pretty cool
they were mac chillin ln during the party
get it? that is the arrogance. you will be ok (maybe). they will not.
you're doing it again. name calling.
i was not there, and he is just a man. what is factual does not conform.
here are the nazis in their own words admitting to gassing jews in death camps in poland.
as did hillary's. i'm not defending trump. i'm pointing out an obvious double standard.
. no, you're either deliberately lying or wrong here
millennials are the real "undecided" as they are unsure, in many way *rightly*, whether to bother voting.
your silence on issues that effect young people will be met with the same, with voter silence on their part.
i thought i got out all the air when sealing the wontons. any tricks to get rid of the air pocket?
i figure out my portion size and compress with a measuring spoon.
yes your right i feel like i've lost one but i'm not a mack
i'm glad you're not a mack you're pretty and could be. new rule: "don't be like ray livingston" how to tell you're a douchebag
scotland to criminalise psychological abuse: good for them.
such incredibly important work you do! thank you ~ for your dedication and giving a voice to those who suffer
what was the political motive?
i guess they'd have to catch the #$%&amp; to know. i bet they will. they usually do. lots of cameras.
my friends told me not to post this but i am really feelin' it
post whatever the hell you want jane, you're a beautiful badass
because is pretending to be a christian, so he can pander to people like you.
wait.... what! how much have you heard in the media about him being a christian hahaha
why clinton's electoral map isn't as good as obama's:
it needs to get there and quick
side note: i *miss* the days of psych, monk, white collar &amp; burn notice. now those were light hearted fun shows to watch with stakes.
i used to love those and that one about the doctor brothers in the hamptons
hbd !!! you guys are awesome and i'm so glad we're friends. have a great daylove you guys!
thanks cindy we love you more
, &amp; in 1999!! my fave actress &amp; fave boy band
you got to meet them, so lucky!!!
get it? that is the arrogance. you will be ok (maybe). they will not.
i will be ok in a clinton presidency. $15 wage doesn't affect me personally, nor do food stamps. that's my point. this isn't about me
what server?
kargath atm (alliance)
it's good for her beat. fear sells.
she gonna be a debate moderator?
because is pretending to be a christian, so he can pander to people like you.
maybe it's somewhere but that's not what i see i see a man who represents my values more than clinton
one of my favorite things about is 's precision in calling out trump on his absurdities.
maybe he should also talk that little server thing, smashing devices and destroying backups?
amazing, only in pc america.... "a pressure cooker with wires"... you mean a bomb?!?!
who is covering up this terrorist attack?? claiming there is no footage of terrorists in a area deluged with cameras??
get it? that is the arrogance. you will be ok (maybe). they will not.
poor people will not be ok w/another president that's tethered to the same criminal banks which increased poverty to begin with.
that's always nice! did you have some delicious eats?
yeah we did tried new foods it some were in both of our comfort zones
again look at the difference in qbs
odell just faster only difference
i dreamed about you.
i hope it wasn't a nightmare!
yea just me a little old lady singlehandedly ruining the country \_()_/
i think there's a few
to reheat my chinese from last night, or not to reheat. that is the question seriously contemplating this at 8:30 am... what am i
please re heat if i, unless you want to make yourself sick.
your news feed likely could use some more mandy patinkin a selfless act. not even doing this for the likes
but really this is what i mean.
6 mind-blowing fan theories about "mr robot"
the federal reserve act is summoned to this high tech seance too. amid currency and chaos ou est humanite?
because is pretending to be a christian, so he can pander to people like you.
to assume is vote for someone who believes in god is saying i would've voted for romney... which i didn't lol
it's true to asskissing segments in the human democrat centipede like you. not to the rest of us.
"the other party has a coordinated effort to undermine the opposing party" = "vaccines cause autism" "obama is from kenya"
selena totally made my life doing songs like who says, nobody and kill em with kindness seriously all of them are so powerful
first song &amp; video of selena i heard is who says selena walked barefoot streets of la now when i see her barefoot the song..
i'm on i diet but i'm doing donuts in the 6 speed
i heard ur chillen after i get out of class
why are people scared to call what happened yesterday what it is , terrorism?
it is 100% terrorism. there's just a problem with blaming it on islam with no evidence or knowledge whatsoever.
the misconception abt older women not reading sexy rom is such bull. i started reading romance by stealing my grandma's books!
i will be like grandma lol discovered m/m a few years ago, but has been reading f/m since 14.
aren't all intentional acts of violence on innocents terrorism?
sorry that sort of logical thinking does not go with the liberal narrative
the bible is his favorite book, or at least the top two - you've heard that right?
nope sorry i haven't
lack of research into opioids for children only increases the risk. via
i am not the correct molly walker.
i was talking about you!!
omg lmao thanks bud but really we all lol bomb
first, the authorized partner program ( what's exciting about it? ...
it means that for every $ or revenue by docker inc, the ecosystem will make at least 100. that's the whole point of a thriving ecosystem. ...
aye party ?
by myself yea
why are people scared to call what happened yesterday what it is , terrorism?
people forget there's a such thing as domestic terrorism etc
fascinating conversation right now. answering a lot of questions about trump's relationship with media
maybe he should also talk that little server thing, smashing devices and destroying backups?
bs. it is not his opinion, you are the one in need for lies. no gas-chambers, you should be glad. if sincere!
kurt franz top ss guard at treblinka admits to the gassing and mass murder of the jews.
false flag operation to promote trump candidacy.
and trump confidently asserts bombing when others not sure if gas explosion. that campaign is capable of it.
the does work, that's where most of $ goes, not n grants 2/
correct. full transparency here -&gt;
i love this color on her oh my god
she looks awesome.
there's nothing to support he can get it back. i want him to badly because 2011 noah makes us an ecf contender.
what do you mean nothing to support . maybe he's healthy now
martha raddatz on abc this week struck a tone i would describe as, "aren't we right to be scared sh*tless about this?" re: bombs in new york
she gonna be a debate moderator?
get it? that is the arrogance. you will be ok (maybe). they will not.
i have medical care. however, 27 million americans still do not. i want single payer, hillary does not. again, this is not about me.
costco might be in my top 10 happy places.
it's number 3 for me!
the bible is his favorite book, or at least the top two - you've heard that right?
clinton also never used her email for state related items (cue tomorrow's leak)
blunder or disrespect?rahul observes 30 second silence for 17 martyred jawans (video)
respect towards martyrs is fine but not enough to tackle pak. the soft stance taken by cong has brought us to this stage.
i think the policy window opens during the next crash and/or attack and/or siege whatever. or with realignment of parties.
orrrrr it starts opening in about 5 years when volvo or someone puts a car that drives itself a on the road
a socialist, a communist, and a progressive democrat walk into a bar...
the taxpayer
facts bro shit crazy nasty too lmao
that's a fact lol
amen! god bless you my brother. may you a joyful sunday full of the supernatural in jesus
always wonderful seeing you on twitter i enjoy the posts you put up. they cause me to meditate unto our lord praise god! ty!
my great grandson had me check you out ... great guy and very enthusiastic. love your work and mind-set, keep it up.
tanks! i always try and put my best foot forward.....never stop trying!
cause breeland real. unlike that other nigga
he knew he was gonna play ab, dez, and odell. eff the system, you make sure you on them. he scared.
we need a leader in this country &amp; fast! that's why i'm supporting donald trump! generalflynn
media props up hillary
as says, media stopped polling fl at the end of '12 because obama was so far behind romney. we won.
so there's no lie. come on, be better than my trmp trolls. same thing could happen here, or not. we'll see.
yea just me a little old lady singlehandedly ruining the country \_()_/
and easy on that keyboard hun, that feeling in your wrist. it's called arthritis.
what other movies or shows would you like to se turn into videos like this?
for more current tv shows &amp; movies, anything of the superhero variety (e.g. marvel on netflix) or sci-fi (stranger things)
and a cd please haha! listening to emmet singing "when she loved me".
how about that cd with emmet singing remember me? goosebumps &amp; chills!
there's nothing to support he can get it back. i want him to badly because 2011 noah makes us an ecf contender.
ppl say nothing to support fitz being a good qb but i don't agree. i'm scared about noah but praying
great concert tonight
nick rocked it out at the fair with his dad and band. love your skull shirt nick
it's his favorite book, art of the deal comes in second.
you've read that book?
selena totally made my life doing songs like who says, nobody and kill em with kindness seriously all of them are so powerful
pop in my head and i start singing who says
good day everyone hagd
ty dear dini from randinasis xox
get it? that is the arrogance. you will be ok (maybe). they will not.
hillary clinton took more $$$ from big pharma than any republican running in 2016. and there were 17 of them. she's not worth my vote
don't forget to go on the challenge
that will be great to have pharmacists onboard!
not sure why, but that help, thx ;) was told it wasn't random by homeland sec and "obvs it's your name that's on a list"
unlikely. you'd know, and would have a redress number by now if that were the case.
i appreciate the fact that you appreciate this.
i appreciate that.
disaster, f'ing disaster what on god's green earth do kim and terry know about football? terry is a hockey guy
probably don't know the whole story, maybe they just wanted to see how they felt dude
it is 100% terrorism. there's just a problem with blaming it on islam with no evidence or knowledge whatsoever.
no that's not the case at all , it could very easily be domestic terrorism that has nothing to do with islam.
allyson and i just showered together bc we couldn't be alone with our thoughts
this is horrible
i think the policy window opens during the next crash and/or attack and/or siege whatever. or with realignment of parties.
why does "an attack" or "siege" make a difference in the debate? what scale of attack or siege? does last night in chelsea count?
agreed! saw you're in nyc, what you up to this way? :) wanna do a coffee and interview?
im in belgrade mate, had a gig in poland last weekend, so didn't go outside of europe yet this year. but i'll hola at ya when i do :)
the companies tied in to the marxists are becoming tiresome. fight back &amp; enlist at
i will never step foot in starbucks they alsodisrespect our second amendment rights publicly
why is this article about two very powerful women in the lady section of the new york times?
. favorite part: when says some may not vote. : "please don't say that while i have food in my mouth."
same for me. netflix is still fast though-since they paid them millions to not be throttled.
i had 150mbps with them and consistently got above 100. that was the best.
i'm not reading, only watching the show. (i'm reading the 5th book in the outlander series. i must know all about j &amp; c!)
well, you're officially beyond the books! tv series has outpaced the novels.
hey if you hear a cry out about naked souma and kanesan ufotable animation from the east coast. it's me.
too much happened last night
. joins with details on how authorities may investigate the nj and explosions
terrorist would have had better targets. times square? mobbed.
safe sunday all!
ty dendini! on hurricane patrol:)
i would definitely go for the 7 plus, it felt weird at first but adapted quick, don't know i managed with smaller phones, hehe
and most importantly the 3 gigs of ram that the plus has
fave cover. i've never heard it sung w/such perfection &amp; passion as nick did last night.
of course it was perfection. perfection is nick other name
my friend and i keep arguing over what's the proper way to play hands like this. what do you think?
i go two pairs downstairs. great odds for full house. and aa-mid, q-up also very live. if 3's out, i put pair middle
part of why this question is so irresponsible is that the topic is incredibly well-researched, but this framing encourages thoughtlessness.
exactly why i scrolled and ignored it when i saw it the first time. looked like trolling.
what part of new york you're in?
central ny, can see the adirondacks from the north 40
i also think it is because he is confident that he has firmly established himself as an accomplished player.
interesting. but i don't think that's it. he always says god has plan for him in nba/life. i think he trusts ny to be fair.
6 mind-blowing fan theories about "mr robot"
like warring mafia clans we are given the "white rose" led faction backed by the dark army. price the other.
thank goodness your ok. ty ;-)
the explosion occurred on the west side -23rd st. i'm on the upper eastside 107st. so it's quite a distance. thank you obe.
"there is an otherness to this president" - alex castellanos, trump super pac strategist, on meet the press
. what is otherness?
and a cd please haha! listening to emmet singing "when she loved me".
how about a cd with singing remember me? goosebumps &amp; chills!
what part of new york you're in?
are u in wash state?
brand new funk is the go to for people sleeping on them. also charlie mack first out the limo.
"summertime" is will's greatest song but is it the first song you think of? maybe?
(by the way, that al necklace has gotten me through some really rough days. it's my go to "lucky charm".)
i wear infinity, peace &amp; cancer by pennyroyal everyday. my talisman when things are stressful.
thanks so much !!
thank you for your sound!
scared of what? a man who uses a team's mascot where he never attended as his avi? try again.
while yours is a picture of a losing qb who is a choker and has never beaten uf or uga
this ridge with broke is not working, its awkward to watch!! it's not worth my time anymore
if this show is stupid enough to break up caridge for bridge they don't deserve to have us as viewers.
moving the bar, and holding to a higher standard.. i knew that was coming.
a higher standard of what? they're equal running mates. i think u just put words in my tweet!
i know there are state and city efforts but are two of these necessary? or just ego
ego, the only "city" employees cuomo could get to stand with him were mta workers (state agency). such a petty feud.
one vs one series to settle this debate
i'm supposed to be off today smh guess i gotta clock into work
gary johnson is live on now -- we're talking about this:
it is also not surprising how irreverent and boring this is
trump aide blames clinton campaign for "birther" movement
bravo ; good reporting :when your questions were evaded, you illuminate consequence of a gov not-accountable
this is what you get when you import radical islamic terrorists disguised as refugees and migrants.
did u read the article?
new post by me! kids these days are freaking out over the new sapphire reserve card. but is it a good deal?
the other night, and i were admiring 's card. it is powerful.
it means that for every $ or revenue by docker inc, the ecosystem will make at least 100. that's the whole point of a thriving ecosystem. ...
then an excellent podcast with 's , explaining why "big enterprise it" is adopting : ...
scared of what? a man who uses a team's mascot where he never attended as his avi? try again.
chomp chomp chomp
is gary johnson not the oddest guy ever?
and so are his supporters.
i thought sick flailing hillary looked absolutely awful in this picture. those eyes freaked me out a bit...
might have a body double
putin wants a potentially fascist leader to take the reigns of america in order to weaken us "democracy" &amp; discredit us more.
you want to demonize putin like the rest!
actually yes you did plus you edited out hrc using the word bombings. clinton propagandist
media props up hillary
new coffee table book--"pick it up, pick it up, pick it up: ska in grand rapids, mi 1994-1999"
"who's got the mustard???" nowadays, it's a stronghold for pop-mosh bands from the warped zone.
bible yes. i've known was a con man since the 1970's. i won't read his stupid ass book.
but you just quoted it? how would you quote it if you've never read it? imagine i quoted u without knowing u
watch louis drag liam
the twitter caption
you like my ghost jokes? i got a skele-ton of them
q. why do skeletons love motorcycles so much? a. because they're bone to be wild
well.. i'm not from bjp...but i respect ur sentiments.. india first. always.
time to blast off pakistan from the face of the earth.na rahega bans na bajegi bansari.let us wipe out terrori
you can be skeptical of those things and still argue for big. i think its opponents argue from ego, with strong urge to control.
well, sure. but stepping back from my own position, there's a valid reason to object while the tech is still unproven
"whatever the cause [of the blast] new yorkers will not be intimidated" -mayor de blasio
except for one new yorker named trump.
a celebration for awaits with .
are you open for brunch??
what do her ovaries have to do with this? is it your assertion that a woman's worth lies in her ovaries?
no, you stated not serving in viet nam disqualifed trump. therefore you must believe all women are disqualified as well.
indeed, the sleezeball "media" really showed it's yellowness...
the media and hilary clinton &amp; her surrogates.
there's nothing equal about those two.
except they're politicians and they'll do almost anything to be elected?
thanks for being top retweeted members this sunday, much appreciated :)
we are stronger together than we are apart!
where's the pacing w/ b&amp;b? they spent a year telling cringe as the "greatest love story ever" &amp; now his jock is already itching
awful, awful writing. the absolute worst.
6 mind-blowing fan theories about "mr robot"
who and what para will be there to support price famigilia when it gets blood y guts human? fbi? cia? nay
i guess it could be worse i could hate grapes so bless up that i dont
vicky hates grapes
cnn's jake tapper edits out hillary clinton's 'bombings' remark
tapper is a joke of a journalist altering the reality fit his liberal narrative. so dishonest!
. what's the feel you get? foreign or domestic?
the device found was amateurish
every time i take the f train to queens, when it stops on roosevelt island, i say out loud "hell yeah roosevelt island"
that's you?
how stupid are the cops in nyc? anything with a cell phone attached to it and blows up is a bomb
doj ag loretta lynch and president obama stopping the truth..
get it? that is the arrogance. you will be ok (maybe). they will not.
why do you think millennials don't trust, like or want to vote for hrc?
when hrc is in charge america will be for sale. stop her! then enlist in the usfa at join.
clinton foundation gets millions donated from russia and then they get access to 20% of us uranium?
.: all 29 victims in nyc explosion have been released from the hospital.
you don't know who did it i tell you idiot isis
really not pleased took out all these 1st avenue docks
likely due to un general assembly. but what stations are you referring to?
then an excellent podcast with 's , explaining why "big enterprise it" is adopting : ...
suddenly we jump ship, from enterprise it to people describing themselves as the " pirates": the fine crew ...
- his creepiness continues..
you know a lot of people use tinder right?
i was not there, and he is just a man. what is factual does not conform.
erich bauer top nazi guard at sobibor describes the mass gassing of jews there.
my husband thinks a fun sunday morning conversation is, "hey have you heard how close the polls are now?"
we want to not hear this, lets be in denial until the inevitably happens, which we hope does not
it really is absurd.
glad we have patriots, even those in the uk, telling red-pill truth
don't get me started on cat operations. just don't. "goldfish undergoes $375 surgery"
or a dog's acl...at least nikki and i had that in common...
it totally is.
the tilting screen is a bit nauseating.
tune into in 15 mins. on at the top of the hour, talking the week in trump
how talking about that little server thing, smashing devices and destroying backups?
you have a job. you write books that'll immortalize you. and all your haters can just suck a salted lemon.
haha! well i don't pay attention to haters.
.: "as governor of new york, this is my worst nightmare."
the idiot don't know who? did it lets help the bitch isis
don't you think they thought that heading into two seasons ago? and last season?
bball is a sport you need to watch a guy every night to understand his worth. i'll check back in midsession
god hears your prayers!
then you will call upon me and go and pray to me, and i will listen to you. jeremiah 29:12
morning everybody! enjoy the weekend.
as promised yesterday!! an econ/stat grad- your fair and balanced show was spectacular julie is one of the few libs-tolerable
you are off on the deep end now. i'll leave it at that.
instead of arguing points, you continue to insult. it says a lot about your arguments, and sadly, it may say a lot about you.
6 mind-blowing fan theories about "mr robot"
1912 map of europe on prices wall shows the last set of lines drawn and held steady by kings and queens.
i love my country. i love her promise of hope and freedom. trump is anathema to everything that makes this country great.
no you don't. you hate what america was and is. that's why you want to change it into something else.
back to berlin after many years. brings back old memories. let the ...
have a blast my friend! see you in november! can't wait to hear all about this and your rewrites!!
does billy butler fit into the yankees 2017 plans?
i don't seethe long term fit-older, declining, lousy clubhouse guy (see oak), and blocks the kids.. austin/ackley behind bird?
because the clouds surrounding the r so dark...let's see their tax returns! how much $ benefits anyone?
media enables and props up hillary
but these are moments when old narratives are suspended, and new narratives can take shape.
sure, but you'd need a champion in congress (or city gov if we're thinking small) who sees opp to push narrative&amp;has a smart frame
northwest washington
did you see the new movie about washington state dairy farmers? milkmen
gov. andrew cuomo: the explosion in nyc's chelsea neighborhood does not appear to be international terrorism
terrorism coward - one word "nexus" he who pats himself on the back is "no general" become your enemy, only way to win the war l!l
"act of terrorism" not linked to "international" groups - new york governor
it hasn't even been 24 hours and he still sounds like a parrot.
is this also a crazy conspiracy issue?
that's called anti-semitism.
. on explosion: that there were no fatalities is something to give thanks for today.
this a governor wtf looser he looks like bitch
if you don't wanna explain is a christian, it's ok.
1 corinthians 2:11 i think he should probably do that don't you think. or maybe even just god
another video of justin bieber playing ice hockey in munich, germany. (september 17)
my favorite hockey player
our secondary is best in america dbu.... you should be scared
your qb in your avi will never beat uf or bama!!!
the first thing i do when i visit a new city is a travel secret hidden in plain sight
complete with a pimp for . are you investors in that company?
we need medical trainees to think: what can we do with and for our patients beyond what we prescribe
i still fondly remember our conversation where the lightbulb went off for me. thanks friend!
trump daughter hasn't stuck with a life to summarize it didn't need people on cigarettes and all awesome. sorry, too frequent.
anyone have an "idiot-to-english" translator handy?
i was not there, and he is just a man. what is factual does not conform.
ss guard erich bauer i estimate that the number of jews gassed at sobibor was about 350,000.
have to say that's class
if you didn't know about the club you'd think it was sarcastic arts and crafts advice though
at least we're not this crazy
lmaoo "i wasn't gonna ruin your life or anything "
that's not what i said. you opened that door. i smply walked through it.
and off a cliff.
waiting for take off. my very first ever plane ride. so far so good this is a huge accomplishment for me
yay patricia!
savage. lmfao. i'm done. wouldn't be surprised if she has it already
she has the sweatpants that say it on the ass
you lost me. that was lying to people about his favorite book being the bible.
but how did you know that? you just said you didn't read his book?
will do! thanks for the invite! may need a reminder closer to the date. old-lady over here...lol
most def will remind ya!
can i get blow job?
im being serious here. if you arent going to ask a serious question please dont ask anything.
see you back on the east coast :) safe travels!
you are better than the old fashioned approach to research awareness. let me know if i can help!
redskins rookie safety su'a cravens is playing today with a heavy heart. his grandfather, adolphus fulcher, died...
if his mom is rooting for the cowboys, she's a shitty person
it's like they read your memoirs!
that guy was way better at it than me. i wasn't ever going to notify anyone if they were about to be towed.
suddenly we jump ship, from enterprise it to people describing themselves as the " pirates": the fine crew ...
and shows us how to do deploy a swarm mode cluster on an arm-based iot platform: ...
i'm trying hard to believe you are going to tell me a better story than a bridge triangle.
i gave up trying to believe that. they are forcing bridge on us. so i don't watch anymore.
wow. hillary's public statement was unnerving. barely awake. is she on something?
media props up hillary
: go check out "chelsea"-related hash tags. trump's minions "know" muslims planted the bombs.
correction: not all muslims are terrorists :)
when there's a bombing in and youve just had a and taken a 3-milligram zannie bar..
xanny bars are 2mgs &amp; yeah she looks very much under the influence - she wasn't expecting to wake up &amp; give comments on bombing.
i wonder if there is also a "well what would you hide from me??" factor
ha! "hey honey, you can reach me at: mr.and.mrs.smith.are.happily.married.com".
6 mind-blowing fan theories about "mr robot"
our current world map in mass chaos. the kingdom of saudi arabia is being aggressively pursued by iran.
gareth pugh s/s 2017 - look 31:
this is really interesting.
is it cold up north yet
it's comfortable
"no one cares about football in connecticut" (photo courtesy of )
look at all these uconn fans ready for the game!!
check this street photography
thanks for sharing. has been crushing it for years with his shots.
i don't think it was for money. it was strategic move.
sir ns last rule had left banks empty, hence the need
options were never discussed w/ me when i started chemotherapies &amp; biologics. im now infertile
i'd call that intentional harm
angel olsen she did that she sure did yes yes
omg i was at her concert last night???
i'm aware, but if i tweeted "the best saturday thing was uva asking alex furbank to kick an fg," nobody would be interested
except he's called alex furbush throughout the article.
we need your support to get to the white house and defeat . let's make america great again!
terrorism one word "nexus" he who pats himself on the back is "no general" become your enemy, only way to win the war l!l
wait really?
from what ive been hearing since xbox comes out 2 weeks after
gary johnson says mickey mouse would poll 30% in presidential poll, better than him. says he lacks name recognition.
right and has him on the show he is irreverent at this point...nice guy but does not matter
to clarify: christians giving trump a pass on the basic tenets of christianity is
they should be voting for him and his policy and the people surrounding him
get yourself a man who can do all three
it will awesome
but these are moments when old narratives are suspended, and new narratives can take shape.
anyway all i'm saying is i think there's a good chance conv goes mainstream&amp;policy case builds anyway within next 10 or so years
reviewed situation in kashmir following uri attack with army chief &amp; commanders. instructed to take firm action against those responsible.
redesign cantonment at border areas.. its a open city
good news for fans: western michigan beat illinois 34-10 yesterday. bad news: eastern illinois beat illinois state 24-21.
that's gonna hurt our rpi.
roflmao xd lolz
i thought you blocked the huffington post but huh?!?!?
i lived in israel &amp; did not fear terror. what many of us fear in the us is our own gov. having higher priorities involving terror than us.
terrorism kills/injures very few people but creates fear that the government uses to grab power.
makes sense if they just use "defer" to mean "queue up this text and insert at the end of the scope before parsing this file".
that's a good way of looking at it, although the reality seems to be a bit more complicated than that.
i thought i was finally becoming a woman, but woke up a seventeen year old dude, and here i am in my tartan suit, singing the lemon twigs
this happens to me on the daily, learned to embrace the constant awkward puberty
why do your donuts have dimples
because they sit on a grate after coming out of the fryer ... and the grate is what they use in the fryer ?
italians be havin the heaviest new york accents lol
i'm at a pizza place &amp; homie legit said to me "standard tho" lol bruh it took me 4 times to realize he said "for here or to go"
the team that watched him nightly didn't want him back, but did target the guy we gave up for rose. so...
i loved lopez. noah is a better complimentary player on offense imo
many issues with this piece. so much breastfeeding discussion undermines mothers confidence imho. would love to discuss more.
yes - not perfect, but this piece calls out excuses med community gives moms to not bfeed, rather than offering support first
a lot of tfa folks in my leadership program. pity.
of course there are. it's not called teach for awhile for nothing.
i'm chill right now until i charge up in a little
. i'm just tryna see who your next opponent is
jees.... he said it, in a speech! it's on video!
is it? haven't seen it... post it for me :)
6 mind-blowing fan theories about "mr robot"
iran has close ties to china. the dark army like hezbollah as viewed by isil.
somebody wants to play...all i'm missing is a wet lubed up asshole!
i wish this pretty dick!!!
and shows us how to do deploy a swarm mode cluster on an arm-based iot platform: ...
(i guess the next logical step would be to enable swarm mode on a cluster of flying drones and update their firmware literally on the fly...
can you tackle two at a time?
haha nah chill chill i'm not that coordinated
yeah! last year
that's awesome! i was hoping for someone to be there just in case i decided to visit lol life is so diff after college, enjoy it
i actually like this idea
u puke colors it's so cool
"obama is from kenya" was from the hlllary campaign 2007- philip berg then sid blumenthal. keep up.
not true. find one single quote about it from any clinton person. you can't. trump talked about it non-stop.
she should be investigated and jailed
who appointed her president obama...
honey jack says youre welcome lmao
full bottle waiting for you in the crib
happy birthday hope it's a good one bro don't get too fucked we got english tomorrow
thanks bro i appreciate it!
the single best episode in history | episode 229
terrorism coward - one word "nexus" he who pats himself on the back is "no general" become your enemy, only way to win the war l!l
you must be younger than i am. you don't remember the climate we were in. the concessions he made to keep ppl safe.
i'm 51. again, veiled insult. i have been an activist since i was 17. but thanks for saying you're more mature and aware.
i couldn't figure out chris mathews until i read a book about him. basically he plays devils-advocate. his ulterior motive-ratings &amp; whois
he is really a great journalist. people don't realize this.
the line from deblasio last night: "intentional but not terrorism" cuomo just now: terrorism. debating semantics of a fucking pipe bomb.
nobody has a definition of terrorism these days, it's creeped to become anything scary
gov cuomo &amp; mayor de blasio in chelsea this morning
"good morning, it's not terrorism. how are you, nope, not terrorism. nice to meet you, it's not terrorism..."
you are a gentleman sir~ i thank you for your loveliness to me always:-) you rock!
there are a minimum of manners that every person should deploy. how could anyone treat you poorly when you are so nice?
"collection iterator pickler fetch" &lt;&lt; laughed as a friend showed me this in et al explain.
heard on essex street: how much is that pickle? that pickle is a nickel
that's what he says he's lowkey a cowboys fan
u dumb af lol amari cooper &gt; odell tbh
great parade in the villages- i love you all. we will . thank you for the incredible support-i will not forget!
don't be crooked. show us your tax return now.
going to do a qna, ask me some questions with , looking forward to this!
fuck it. not going to do it im getting too many fucking idiotic questions. sorry.
this barber a angel ?
no barber cutting my hair with gloves bro thats gay
: i am a christian who has read some, not all, of the bible. knowing what ...
if you've read some of the bible we are in the same boat! but i do know it says
can someone tell me how the "intentional act" of setting off a bomb is "not a terrorist act", regardless of who is involved?
thank you! because for a second there i wasn't comprehending what the difference one... it's the same shit.
good morning pennsylvania. do you know mary ellen balchunis is eager to help make your dreams come true? tell folks!
i like these a lot. where you still id the candidate. of course, not all state shapes will cooperate with that idea.
amazing to hear a harvard medical student talking about how physicians should be designers
awesome! as emom edaughter i'd to co-design with our docs!
bomb blast in manhattan = win for donald trump. the white house just got interesting. go donald, go go go
hi, i am a manhattan resident. you are a vile, terrible person for thinking this is good. go away.
facts. i thought you was gonna have some weird reason lol.
really ?
these came sprinkled around the apartment &amp; i noticed i charge more over usb now. v useful.
i have the same. just wish more things used usb plugs.
why connecting national security to gau rakshaks???? what are the larger plans of the terrorists within????
no time to appease any body.this is hindu culture,enimies.need to be wiped out.jai bhawani.
(i guess the next logical step would be to enable swarm mode on a cluster of flying drones and update their firmware literally on the fly...
as demonstrated by in the closing keynote of a few months ago!) ...
who's 'we' because i'm pretty sure it's just you
the female population
idk if i am technologically advanced enough for that... but you could borrow it
lmao awesome! thanks :)
: i am a christian who has read some, not all, of the bible. knowing what ...
not to be quick to judge... lots of that on twitter, first time been here in a while
yeah pretty much except that the warriors and the thunder aren't in the same division
: but they're still in the same conference. plus they were rival teams.
no that's not the case at all , it could very easily be domestic terrorism that has nothing to do with islam.
unfortunately that's something a lot of closed minded people fail to recognize
i wanna watch it
it's fucking hilarious
that's just wrong on so many levels....
but so right on so many levels!
browns qb robert griffin iii is now expected to miss 10 to 12 weeks because of his shoulder injury.
can you say my career is over.
i'm aware, but if i tweeted "the best saturday thing was uva asking alex furbank to kick an fg," nobody would be interested
got no problem with the headline...i think it's a great headline. haha gotta draw the reader in!
bobby shmurda was offered 5 yrs in jail but took 7, to avoid rowdy having to do 12. meanwhile, your mans won't even rt your soundcloud link.
how about not committing crime and going to jail in first place. not to mention there is no loyalty amongst criminals
and i would hold the educated to a higher standard. but emotions seem to trump logic every time.
that's an insult too. assigning my views to mere emotions. why can't you argue w/out saying something that diminishes another person?
a whopping 50 people turn out to see elizabeth warren in what appears to be a hotel lobby. hooray!
the dishonest media never shows the crowd at a hillary event. they only show speakers and take low angle photos from rear.
prepare to enter a whole new world in one week!
i'm so excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i can't wait!!!!!!!!
then trump announced to a crowd in colorado that "a bomb went off in new york" wildly wreckless and irresponsible.
a bomb did go off you fucking numpty
conway relentlessly continues pushing misleading falsehoods about trump's birtherism to :
it's shameful that no one pushes back...... is a liar and she keeps fooling the press. all but
where do you get your info from then? what h says? penn memo and somali garb from h campaign?
that lie/myth has been widely debunked by fact checker and investigative reporters
i think many of the millenials that wld vote 4 him are just so used to hearing about fake scandals involving the clintons.
they are all fake except with bill, which has nothing to do with her
: i know about jesus, let's just say he would not be impressed by trump.
is he impressed by you? because how do you know he wouldn't be impressed with trump
what's the valid reason? many of the things our economy produces are not by any means necessary.
existence of salaried jobs, on mass scale, that pay living wage
hipster wearing bass pro shops hat ironically and now i want to chokeslam him straight to hell
to clarify: i grew up bass fishing. i love bass fishing. there is no bass fishing in new york city, much less a bass pro shops
twitter was on level 9 stupid last night..the product is eating itself.
twitter going to zero eventually. dumbest money spent in tech to date.
sundayblessings &amp; greetings hi randi rarity exemplifies your uniqueness. topnotch!
your ongoing support of my kids mission is "out of this world" &amp; means the world 2 me felix. purple blessings 2 your family:-)
yes!!! i had chills when i heard it both times i saw it live!
the 1st time i got goosebumps! the 2nd time i heard him sing it i got both goosebumps and chills! the he hits! wow!
you must have had a bad week. i love you. peace be with you.
you make me smile. time for you guys to head west
why the chelsea area tho?
the neighborhood of nyc named "chelsea" hills daughters name. conspiracy? lol
yeah. forgive me
in two mins i will lol
centrifuge design was offered.
even china learnt centrifuge design from us
new hampshire, hampton beach! 16th state to visit in the usa
i think it's against the rules to mark a state as visited if i haven't spent a night there at least
need it the streets need
thy do thy do thy doo0o0o0o, it shall happen!!
at 12 noon edt i anchor : update from mayor , and . calls it "terrorism."
please this are idiots we don't know who did it for real let me school you fuckers isis
this is a coffee shop, not a chuck e. cheese. get your kids!! sigh...it's a shame it's illegal to spank other people's kids.
children make nice sausage patties for sunday brunch....um...errr...or so my friend tells me.
: i know about jesus, let's just say he would not be impressed by trump.
he was impressed by a prostitute and their attitude sooooo
they buy in to the conspiracy theories like trump supporters do b/c they have heard it much of their lives.
they think briebart is true
how did you infer that? i love what our country stands for. i love the promise she gives.
'the promise." not the present or the past - america sucks and it always has. but "promise." do you read what you write?
fuckin' eh! but also to give women choice with their bodies.
on my mother's side is irish-catholic. a truly special sort of pathology!
your willful ignoring of the danger of mr trump is shocking.
and ignoring the danger that hillary poses to world peace is shocking. libya is a mess, now she wants to expand war in syria.
: ripping off the poor to enrich himself is not a christian value. calling...
where do you find evidence of that?
? how about . bring your student id and get tickets for $37!
whoa what?! is there still time or was this for rush?!
i made 1 addition to the rundown, might have more coming. any updates will be in red. please stop sharing this info on twitter, u paid 4 it
yeah. you guys tell em. tough twitterites
trump on why he lifted blacklist: "just because they can't treat me any worse. i might as well let them be there."
damn i hoped it was a 1st amendment epiphany.
in non pictorial speech. i thought it was utterly brilliant. utterly. please say it and you are coming to the uk.
i would love to come! what can we do to get me there?
100% done w non-new yorkers exploiting our tragedies to push a hateful agenda. i'm in now &amp; no one here is calling for a muslim ban
am saddened by comments here. how can ppl bso mean? we rall so much more similar &amp;need to be kinder 2each other.
top 5 competition tonight at . winning would be nice but its not about that. going there to have fun!
i hope you did :-)
i've never claimed houston tho. i'm jersey born &amp; jersey bred.
i would dig through tweets but i ain't beat....lol but i'm glad to see jersey still being repped bruh
why do you leftists always turn the work on us? google it. there was a film made: we will not be silenced 2007.
there is nothing out there. not one single quote, trump push it for years b/c he's an insane racist.
oh please stop liking you're own posts, it's pathetically
i mean i never seen an old lady we such a need for attention but we can call that humor
clinton foundation spent millions more on travel than charitable grants, irs filings show
does hillary have a foundation credit card and what expenses does she charge to fake foundation???
your willful ignoring of the danger of mr trump is shocking.
and the damage done to black/brown families w/mass incarceration? more black men in jail today than were enslaved in 1850.
serby q&amp;a: giants' surprise captain on 'shut the f--k up' lt story, 'addictive' super bowl via
once again serby's questions get great answers. nobody does q&amp;a like steve. kudos my old friend.
as demonstrated by in the closing keynote of a few months ago!) ...
if you want to do some embedded stuff, but flashing device sounds scary to you, check the other arm-related post of the week: ...
yall notice that coward fearmongering racist . won't go shows like b/c he knows they won't tolerate b
bullies only bully weak people !
why do you leftists always turn the work on us? google it. there was a film made: we will not be silenced 2007.
there is nothing out there. not one single quote, trump pushed it for years b/c he's an insane racist.
real talk: was the art book fair worth going to? getting home early debating swinging by
very much so
did you wind up seeing the new one? i heard it sucked so i'm waiting till it comes out on tv.
same. i'll just wait for the "free" lol
this is amazing. trump goes after 's twitter feed to kurtz: "they have twitters that are just horrible."
he's just hitting back. i'm for reality in life (at the banks)and,just in general.so i'm for bernie,still.
the disappointment of the emmy made him winning the golden globe that much sweeter
it absolutely did...and his lovely surprised face when his name was called
a great way to start the week for laouc at with and a full house
great speakers and content get people out early on a sunday
. i am still interested in what happened in central park 7/4 weekend. still unexplained.
yes, they made short work of that story.
new members receive a free pair of denim from
can i cancel and re subscribe?
of course they should tbh, but i guess this just shows what the majority want ;/
i'm looking over the survey again, mainly to see where they might have grouped things together poorly.
november wya wit it to tho lol school gotta start
what school going to ?
they're so gorgeous. :) i'd wear mine always but thomas can still be a little rough withy jewelry.
so can frankie, my new cat, lol. he likes shiny dangly thingsies.
i've been looking forward to this show for months. can't wait!
me too! i woke-up so excited because it is finally today!!!
your willful ignoring of the danger of mr trump is shocking.
does hillary vow to release all people of color who were jailed because of policies she supported and her husband passed in 1990s?
you guys should meet up with josh ferris, he'd fight the substance dualist corner well.
i know that guy.
do you enjoy being ? asking for a friend.
fuck that hoe evil snake clinton she's been a looser all her life and this will be the last time she loose
let me know when/if you do. i have a mental list of the worst scenes in the movie i need to laugh at w someone
you can always chat with he's literally seen it 3 times
wow! ur in sfo sis!
yasss will roam around the city later
look at/listen to this gorgeous creature
hope you have a recent backup because that hard drive is about to die i can tell
it's time to meet the press
you dropped the ball with defending obama and trump's 5 year "birther" conversation. step up your press game friend.
she look pretty washed out last night on the plane. had a dull blank look in face.
she only perks up when donors give her $$$
: people, good people, who disagree with him as "weak," "sad," "loser." wrong.
but clinton calling people who support him deplorable? that's ok,
kiera sent me a snapchat of ptv soundchecking song for isabelle i have never felt so attacked
is that the one they do that's not in their set?
your willful ignoring of the danger of mr trump is shocking.
why doesn't hillary support legalization of marijuana, when that is used as excuse to continue to put black/brown youth in jail?
i want to annotate audio books and podcasts. how is this not a thing yet?
i remember building that at odeo like a decade ago...
what's the valid reason? many of the things our economy produces are not by any means necessary.
in other words, it's hard out here, but we're not at a point where we have to rethink concept of "work" and "career"
here's what nyt critics thought about the emmy nominations. we'll find out how right they were tonight.
a version that should work on mobile:
4) millennials are one reason we have a chart that looks like this against our competitors.
, the of with must account for some of the growth in with ,right?
is a terrorist state and should be isolated: says on... by via
need to retaliate,we have tried everything,bjp can't handle,let bajrang daltakeover
noah is a better complement on offense? he's a center who can't make a layup!
complementary player. lopez is way better in the post, he doesn't make guys better. noah will
that has interviewed alan moore, and gotten him to read from jerusalem.
i may also have mentioned to him that my high school friends (you) gave me his comics. he said, "oh, they got you young!"
last notes last night in singapore - adam and me at end of thrust - that was a long walk ! i got...
take care &amp; get well asap !!!
: people, good people, who disagree with him as "weak," "sad," "loser." wrong.
none of it's ok but it's freaking politics you guys have obviously never worked in it
oh no explosion in new york. you okay ?
yup. happened in chelsea manhataan. i'm in queens. thanks for caring!!
where do you get your info from then? what h says? penn memo and somali garb from h campaign?
. is racism. trump used his celebrity and fame to promote his racist conspiracy theories for five year. that is all.
some formed long after others lakes and snowmelt-fed streams on mars formed much later...
(cont) valleys much younger than ancient valley networks on mars are evident near "heart lake" on mars
it's not the first time, . and the as well as the people of this country are sadly immune.
yup why not taken in to custody?!!
i hope you included rebecca schoenkopf of wonkette calling her a cunt.
i honestly didn't because nobody reads wonkette and she's total fringe, betraying the larger point i was making
x^2+30=y, where x=the number of days since my last date and y=how many minutes per week i spend talking to cats.
hey i talk to dogs so don't feel so bad lol
your willful ignoring of the danger of mr trump is shocking.
why does hillary continue to support a racist and classist death penalty, despite evidence that it is not a deterrent?
"don't leave the pitcher in the game too long. " a lesson i had to learn too many times.
hallelujah! leaders are suppose to be raised to build others leaders!
if you want to do some embedded stuff, but flashing device sounds scary to you, check the other arm-related post of the week: ...
building the first 7.2 image on the 3, by : ...
the ultimate setup!
can i have that?
: he has praised putin and qaddafi, murderous dictators. such poor judgment.
has he? in what video statement article?
lmao i haven't watched any of it. better turn in my fandom. sad!
i thought this entire tournament was stupid and then halak violently speared kane in the dick and it was all worth it
ou fans are going to be looking for answers after this. but it really just boils down to this: ohio state has way better players.
we knew what was coming with two tough non-conf opps in first 3 weeks. what broke down in prep over the spring &amp; summer?
when are the major media outlets going to stop "reporting" outright lies as if they are "news". it's totally insane.
if i'm team trump, my spokespeople will continue to make absurd, false statements every hour on the hour from now through election day.
oh no explosion in new york. you okay ?
monday is un week kickoff where all diplomats come. horrid for traffic this will just make things worse.
this is how fascism comes to america
terrifying!!!
it took you this long to start hating them? i hated them before i ever even got my license lmao
i hated them but not i just hate them even more like they hit my car, scratched it up and it's not even a month old
great now i am thinking about returning to work. it's not the job placement that concerns me, i excel at everything but it's the co workers
, curious. it's the idea of being expected to work that i'm not really down with anymore.
google "sidney blumenthal," you blithering idiot.
find one quote by him or any other clinton person. you can't. they never brought it up, ever.
is that a spinning wheel of some sort, jayme? if it is it's so different from any of the ones i've seen.
it's my new wheel. spinolution echo. it's awesome
update in nyc explosion: confirms all 29 injured victims have been treated and released from hospitals.
terrorism, one word "nexus" he who pats himself on the back is "no general" become your enemy, only way to win the war l!l
i still stand by my words.
still standing
authentic new england oysterettes.
best in a nice cup o' chowda!
your willful ignoring of the danger of mr trump is shocking.
why does hillary continue to take $$$ from banks who crashed economy and got away with it? do you really trust her to reform them?
im still fuckin posted up but i promised my mom id have brunch w her today and i refuse to let her down
i did not let this woman down. i love her. i have been awake for 24 hours.
ya mcm wants to go to the ny art book fair
honestly i have nothing to do today does anyone wanna go
so oomf has "dragging these hoes like harambe did the kid." what is wrong with y'all?
who's "oomf"? that's a nicki minaj lyric.
in a normal election, these 126 things would disqualify trump from becoming president:
now birther tlk? need tv ad askn ppl on th st. wldu 4get u wer under sniper attack?
ive been doing it all morning, thanks
i hope it all comes out okay
staying prepared is the key to success. practice makes perfect
i'm a true believer that on everything you do {practice make perfect}
eric the big rectangle is the screen
this is what injustice looks like.
you lost this part of the debate and now are saying i hate america, simply because i don't love trump like you do.
lol, what did i lose? it's not just you. all dems and the people who vote for them hate america. or they wouldn't be dems.
so, i don't leave out the possibility trump had real info but his campaign hasn't answered any questions about source
and this type of stuff people are pushing this morning is a straight up lie.
that sounds creepy ..
i like them creepy :(
fml why do i suck so bad
i hate colleges
yup why not taken in to custody?!!
if a passenger on an airline said this, they would be jailed, no?
a student's chilling photos put sexual assault in focus
this photo series was created by a student in my school!
wow. admitting trump's racism is her value also.
i was talking about not having to pay high taxes in ny for people who don't work :)
my 7 yo niece just got super hyper and so overwhelmed by her own energy that she just yelled "entertainment"
ur lying that was u
claude puel's early tenure at transformed in the space of 4 days - but now has to decide who plays up front at in a week
austin is the type of striker who needs week in week out games and chances to get sharp- he can be our focal point
if i'm team trump, my spokespeople will continue to make absurd, false statements every hour on the hour from now through election day.
the media will then report team trump outright lies verbatim as if the mere fact of asserting a lie is newsworthy. repeat ad nauseam.
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
thanks dave for rt my story. i hope it helps others. have a great sunday.
legit since ca is pretty much decided we don't suffer through all of the political ads. there is no way this state swings red.
two more things to love about our state.
mr powell one of the greatest film maker's of the 20th century. he both inspired and was an inspiration to those he worked with.
i absolutely love his work.
building the first 7.2 image on the 3, by : ...
(even if the first versions of the registry didn't support multi-arch, that didn't throw away people who wanted docker on arm!)
"so if someone steals your pets, cum in their car, and then make baked goods and send them to us." -
all i read from this was baked goods.
wow. admitting trump's racism is her value also.
that's a far assumption and leap, def ask me next time and i'll tell you why i'm voting ;)
great book, i'm currently reading it too, 40 pages to go. enjoy michael!
hey hope all is well. great that's more to do with , less to do with
thanks for alerting me to this popping up again. i was at colbert that day - so amazing to see live!
i am still kicking myself for not playing hooky from work that day and going to colbert with you.
sorry tom. girls are evolving. saturday's are now for us
nope not at all, think about harambe...how would he feel
db
one of my favorite scene, i was watching last night.
always wear a helmet. it saved my ass
on exactly which part of your body do you wear your helmet, pete?
wow, supporters being willingly scammed by him.
how are they being scammed?
(even if the first versions of the registry didn't support multi-arch, that didn't throw away people who wanted docker on arm!)
(that's what innovation is all about, by the way: when something is not "obviously doable", try anyway, work around the issues.)
whoa that is fascinating. i rarely rarely ever feel that way.
it's not all good.
i love you new mexico -this will be my gift to you a skyscraper 53 stories skyscraper!
rssoron.com i love you new mexico -this will be my gift to you a skyscraper 53 stories skyscraper!
best coffee shop(s) in nyc??
girl i got one in every neighborhood! but for starters
krispy kreme has the most perfect round smooth donuts...
yeah these are from a small brooklyn donut shop
pence is a pathological liar, just like trump.
he has to hine a new craft since he is done after this race. what else can he even do?
go for it, this shall be interesting
so far i'm seeing the usual habit of them trying to compare skilling to combat, but not quests yet.
conway: birther theory started with clinton campaign | ap photo
mein kampf, hitler-when you repeat a lie often enough, it becomes the truth.
was all over her and made sound silly (first time i've seen her sound unbelievable)
this article though. wow.
1. nobody asked you. 2. whats my "case?"
well you seem to want to retweet but not comment on that retweet... what's your original thoughts :)
(that's what innovation is all about, by the way: when something is not "obviously doable", try anyway, work around the issues.)
(if it were obvious, somebody would have done it already, right?)
this is amazing. trump goes after 's twitter feed to kurtz: "they have twitters that are just horrible."
not nearly as horrible as cheetonazi &amp; his boys from brazil spawn jr retweeting cesspits.
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
natalia thank you very much for sharing my story. i hope it helps others overcome their challenges.
no jets today. how relaxing.
yeah but there's vikings v packers so i'll be rage drinking regardless
where do you get your info from then? what h says? penn memo and somali garb from h campaign?
. that lie/myth has been widely debunked by fact checkers and investigative reporters
i went to crossgates and went out to eat with my mom
i sooo couldve came when will you be back?
is your friend jonathan swift??
i am too modest to propose that i have such a friend. :p
one of my followers
oh ok, had never seen it before. yeah, it's a lyric from her latest freestyle
looks like dark is shifting to describe clinton's performance now.
caildini is conveniently busy on a book tour. he knows he is on a losing team.
tim kaine on : "donald trump as commander-in-chief scares me to death" via
hrc as potus scares the hell out of me; i fear this nation would never recover from such a direction
we are ready to compete for 5 at the !
and when you are finished with that, see if you can pass this life long general education business course- 16yr ^
: ha, i'm sure jesus would not be impressed with me. but, i don't rip off ppl.
but u probably lie and covet, and who knows what else, just like me, what's the diff?
should we protest dd until they only sponsor the giants?
guess i'm a starbucks guy now. hey , pick a team.
i said as a passer sure, but who is playing in the post?
complimentary meaning he complements melo, kp, rose etc . lopez was great last year
thanks so much for the support!
my pleasure ..
i really like overwatch but i could do with like 1000000% less dudes who are heavily invested in winning all the time and salty in text chat
like most games, the community ruins it
screw 3am: hillary doesn't have enough strength or stamina to respond to even an 8 pm attack.
look at her she is almost dead that evil snake will pay for the 13 hrs
so this screen grab shows pacific time. these comments came after 1130 eastern.
i included the shot of my clock and weak battery so everyone can see my phone is on eastern. but you can check the tweet for yourself
best doughnut in nyc?????
this one is easy, dough for sure
a bomb goes off in nyc. we argue whether calling it a bomb, or a bombing, or a terror act, is the correct thing to do.
it's ridiculous. even the mere suggestion we wait for facts is somehow construed as being "pro-terrorist".
just some classic, backstage goof-arounds with &amp; jon glaser at last night's glaz/ser show.
if these walls could talk (...they would tell us all about hpv and steve winwood.)
but houston isn't until september? aren't st louis and sea in july?
houston is labor day weekend...
bottom line, he has to publicly apologize to president obama, no ifs ands or butts!
. no apology occurred. reread trump's 25 second statement. which he had to read!
many issues with this piece. so much breastfeeding discussion undermines mothers confidence imho. would love to discuss more.
most women/families want to bfeed, yet we manage to put bfeeding at odds w healthy babies. enter lactation consultants please!
in a normal election, these 126 things would disqualify trump from becoming president:
now birther tlk? need tv ad askn ppl on th st. wldu 4get u wer under sniper attack?
(if it were obvious, somebody would have done it already, right?)
last but not least, my blog post about go+docker got included in the weekly roundup, which makes me blush a bit, because seriously ...
amen! and i enjoy your responses as they cause me to go deeper in the word &amp; sometimes look at it in a different perspective
amen! that the god of our lord jesus christ the father of glory, may give to u the spirit of wisdom+revel.in the knowl.of him
it's time to meet the press
you dropped the ball defending obama on trumps's 5 year "birther" promotion allowing them to blame hrc.
visited the injured soldiers in hospital. given necessary instruction to provide best of medical support to them.
when are you going to fire missiles for each lost soldier,21 missiles per soldiers,so 347 missiles,clean out the garbage.
(9/10) the staged the trump protests, which many of us already knew.
they paid to incite riots and that is a criminal offense ...
maybe he's just poor and needs a hat... don't poor shame this dude and his poor choices in life
no it was a nice newish hat
lmaooo deadass not even an exaggeration
i know, that's the best part
pandering to christians by pretending to be a christian who's favorite book is the bible? total scam.
but where's your evidence... give me one video, i'd love to see it (sincerely i haven't heard of this)
because all leftists are one of two things: 1) liars like hillary, or 2) dupes like alex.
yet, you can't find one single instance where any clinton campaign person, much less hillary, mentioned it.
this white girl i went to college with posts the most passive aggressive racially fueled memes
you'll mock the injustice like you didn't get dogged out by the mostly black basketball team..
: candidates refer to nyc blast as bomb but takes brunt of media criticism
fact; not even with his rhetoric couldn't stop this type terrorist acts . his mouth is explosive.
well yea the plus nd the jet black
they rly didn't expect this kinda craze over the phones
jews were put in camps, and got killed. but, what about the holodomor &amp; jewish cheka. the was just a cloak.
your saying jews weren't gassed. i'm quoting to you over and over nazi guards who detail mass gassing of jews.
just worked one of mac's biggest retail events at the wtc for 3 days straight and my neck hurts and my shins hurt and my life hurts
posts about work all down the tl lol
maybe i'll take off of work saturday and come see you and jess
jess and i are gonna be in the city for global citizen festival
sounds good. weird i saw this
lol dats very very weird haha :')
the first rule of parent club is wake up early. the second rule of parent club is no seriously so fucking early. every goddamn day.
the worst part of it is that by the time they start sleeping in you're so old you still wake up early.
fwiw, i saw it last night and was surprised at how much i liked it! recommend
okay cool, i've heard mixed opinions
given how much gets called terrorism in this brave new world, can someone explain how a bomb in a rubbish bin somehow *isn't* terrorism?
skin colour?
how do you post such long clips? i can't get anything to load past 30 secs or so ...
when you upload the clip, click on trim clip and then you can adjust the clip up to about 2 minutes.
come here!
in a heartbeat.
kind of. a theme restaurant, maybe. mountain view otherwise. castro st. but more than anything, it looks like home.
this is too odd to be a theme restaurant. best breakfast in the borough.
i'd pay good money to have a beer with obama and hear how he feels about trump, unfiltered.
i imagine something like this
the most hyped game between to non-playoff teams. lmao!!!
weird that one won their division last year. how'd the ravens do there?
who's trynna go to peanuts? they got cheap pitchers of beer for the low all day
you're not awake!
i think it was the right decision - gurley going against seahawks defense, bryant clearly hated by this new qb
i feel like one of them won't whiff again this week, but damned if i could pick which.
last but not least, my blog post about go+docker got included in the weekly roundup, which makes me blush a bit, because seriously ...
i think everybody understood by now that and were a pretty good match :d i'm just trailing along there.
watching the sunday news shows, thinking would look like abe lincoln if he was running.
still think this was a massive missed opportunity. could never have predicted this level of campaign lunacy.
"i went from not ever walking without a cane to not knowing where it was." ms thriver,
"i went from not ever walking without a cane to not knowing where it was." ms thriver, jeri burtchell
what the fuck
get this info to the record
stanford is a physical team every year. why can't nd? sick of seeing teams taking us to the wood shed.
it's a mentality. kelly wants to spread you out with as many wide receiver sets as possible. and the defense well.
you guys okay over there?
we are! we were in brooklyn when the explosion happened. you are so sweet for checking in
virginia sen. tim kaine: the fight against isis has "dramatically improved" since 2015
over the hill and washed up berenstain trying to plant the flag again one last time.
tim kaine on : "donald trump as commander-in-chief scares me to death" via
this nation can not withstand the level of corruption hrc would wage upon our country as potus
j.j. watt with a perfect pregame tribute to the goat (via )
uhhh, hey jj, bees are dying at an alarming rate globally. ever think of that? messed up man
gameday final: college football has a new star, but not a new no. 1 team
fine article. forgot about wisconsin though in your big ten portion!
must be cooking
lol like there's no plate for you sirssss
clinton! yay!
do keep me posted on the date(s)--should i try to get you over to the 'gate for one of our history conversations?
no way, romo sacking jake plummer on denver. in front of the black hole. that place was bananas
that was good too. oh man
oh fam, this is a once in lifetime deal, i'm usually just a sack of potatos most days
well who doesn't love potatoes tbh
on exactly which part of your body do you wear your helmet, pete?
joking aside hope you heal up soon so your reign of terror as tafrf commish is unhindered
gogogo, we need this info
probably going to be rehashing obvious info, but here's what i see of combat.
you can literally see his cursor from where he stopped typing and starting copy and pasting. tumblr won't stop this
very unoriginal. not good. -7/5
your thoughts captured in my stanford medicine
thanks! of course when is your interviewee, the content is always great
when you don't even understand the basic premise of christianity
it's given to us with christs sacrificemaybe he understand that than most
we are ready to compete for 5 at the !
this will teach you to be an independent biz owner in services (free online, private)
sitting in a car, a trip to 7/11 or even getting mcdonald's can be a date if you're with the right person wtf is wrong with yall
you trying to hit this 7/11 or what
who wants the new dailyvee .. really quick before football ? 68?
no football for me today, i'm working. dailyvee 68 b4 work please
you bet i'm livid. sick and tired of them thinking they know whats best for us and trying to tell us how to think.
we have to keep fighting the msm hard. they are so dishonest and corrupt
you're literally white
i hate when people mistake me for being white smh
we sent you a dm about 10 min ago and are awaiting for a response. ^tnt
this tweet? i havr responded. i also have been following you for several years.
so you can't tell me what my "case" is?
am i supposed to guess lol... you tell me
probably going to be rehashing obvious info, but here's what i see of combat.
too much slayer, bossing, and pvp. that's pretty much all it ever seems to be all.
ready for my talk on "past, present, &amp; future of " with . starting in 15 minutes in the main auditorium
following remotely, waiting for slides :)
i'm out of country on vacation. will go back to cringing about what these elections have brought out, tomorrow.
enjoy your vacation.
when are we training again bro
idk i'm off a lot this week so we will def catch a couple days. imma be super depleted tho so i apologize in advance
any episodes that you really like yet?
i hope he's liking it. that's a lot of tv otherwise.
happy birthday again boo hope today is lit for youuu. hope to see you again very soon. turn up
thanks bb!! ilysm. pls visit me :)
besides i think fear-mongering over jennifer lawrence playing mulan is lessing the impact of what whitewashing really is
hollywood whitewashes roles that are ambiguous (katniss), side characters (the martian), or mixed (aloha)
instead of driving jobs and wealth away, america will become the world's great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation!
you are the new nixon. no tax return, tricky donald? beginning to feel like 1972 again with your hero, tricky dick.
if you ever got your hair done a certain way because you saw it in a comic (or cartoon) please @ me about it, im in the midst of a big think
superman's hair post death of superman is one of the reasons that i keep my hair long.
oh no explosion in new york. you okay ?
and starting monday new job that takes me te other way:long island!!!
you can literally go on tv these days and say you're the flying spaghetti monster, and by tomorrow some other schmuck will have said crazier
yeah, that's not the craziest thing i've heard this weekend man. you've gotta do better ;)
too much slayer, bossing, and pvp. that's pretty much all it ever seems to be all.
every other question about combat is mostly about how they could apply towards those three focuses.
rewatching my snaps and kept asking "can we sing this together?!"
i noticed this the entire time hahaha
i've already posted it once.
sorry if i'm not an avid user of yours my apologies
virginia sen. tim kaine: the fight against isis has "dramatically improved" since 2015
great job! the more you bash trump the stronger he gets!
so you see, a lot of the blame goes to the electorate, who showed up, one in 4, at polls. that is our fault.
electorate will show up when there are candidates worth voting for. hillary and trump are most unpopular candidates in our lifetimes.
both in a good spot, but the back at home, tied to a favored team, looks better to me. dial up jennings.
gurley, jennings, miller need 2 of 3 in standard. thoughts?
ah okay. what happened?
no one knows.
san jose: one deead in crash on hwy. 101
typo in tweet and posted article.
get this info to the record
someone is watching
seaside park and manhattan. two areas we call home. what is going on in this world? thinking of all those injured.
i have been asking that same question. i hope everyone else is ok. sending many prayers to those who may of been injured
likely due to un general assembly. but what stations are you referring to?
oh! all the docks between 23rd and 14th
made my roommate some tea last night and now he's not sick. im happy
what kind of tea
rt also on mediabuzz on birther controversy, guns &amp; hillary comment, clinton health &amp; more
media props up hillary until exposed
don't lie but best way for er doctor to see you asap is to say chest pain. ;)
the issue was in that region so doesn't always work
gays are 30 times more likely to rape children.
no, you are
and people would walk around smiling more!
i agree. haha this is awesome
de blasios comments came after 11pm. here's his tweet press conference was about 20 mins earlier, 10 before hillary
here's cnn early coverage of de blasio's remarks at 1130. this was first official confirmation
every other question about combat is mostly about how they could apply towards those three focuses.
or how they insist on making combat more rewarding than skilling.
my ass shlumped out at 9:30 lastnight i can't believe i never woke back up aha
that real grind makes u tierd
happiest birthday sa aming vp we love you so much. enjoy your day! we miss you, mwah!
thank you guys!! miss you so much n love ko kayo
damn evil dead 2 is making me cringe but i'm still really enjoying it
sounds like the office
. one of my badges of honor.
meet the press w/ is an oxymoron.
today all the trump spokespeople are
can someone explain why the media accepts "birtherism" wasn't "finished" in 2008?
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
a vote for is a vote for isis.
kumail was born in queens and he's literally white. he acts whiter than both of us combined
lmao nah i meant like legit when people think i'm white but i'm brown
besides i think fear-mongering over jennifer lawrence playing mulan is lessing the impact of what whitewashing really is
tho considering the white washing in doctor strange, i wouldn't put past them to try to incorporate white people in mulan...
clarification: trump aide says "clinton campaign" started "birther" movement
please conduct yourselves as professional journalists. donald and his campaign are lying. full stop. say it loud. devious lies.
they won't. they're completely addicted to the clicks and traffic from the nonsense. you read matt taibbi'' latest in rolling stone?
no, will get on that today.
i've already posted it once.
ummmmm i think you should probably re watch that lololololol
link to survey btw in case y'all wanted to look as well
thank you, sorry for not linking. i'm glad it's still open.
latest: investigators do not yet have a prime suspect or person of interest in nyc explosion, official tells .
obama knows who
interesting week for pro's vs joe's, all of the biggest public sides have had major sharp resistance
what games ?
latest on minnesota mall attack: man shot dead after stabbing 8 people
terrorist shot ..tell the truth...
you keep calling me a liar. what's the timeline?
. see my last few tweets with links and evidence
someone's heart was found in a ziplock bag in a field
i suspect these are the guys that lost it.
there is some blame for dems but to be frank, we did not have their backs and the crazies did have rush limbaugh's.
not true. obama in 2008 campaign never mentioned poverty. i followed this because it is what i work with.
yes!!! i had chills when i heard it both times i saw it live!
yes,talent, talent, talent! let's not forget that molly note!hopefully we'll meet at one of his venues again christina
bummer that now charges (even though only 1%) for instant deposits. still my favorite service. good business move for them.
also, if you don't turn on automatic deposits now, the money gets stored in the app (like paypal, venmo, etc).
do you believe all personal essayists should also be reporters?
personal essays are reporting on yourself; otherwise it's fiction.
i've already posted it once.
it's his second favorite.... not first
now that i read it, i sounding psycho just like your friend "father"
looool well you did tell me call you mommy
i didn't know you were writing songs now
right! this has myr written all over it lmao
odd laundry instructions.
is the middle symbol telling you not to take item camping?
i swear if cristina comes back to greys i'm throwing a party.
i'm coming over the day greys premieres
your tweet suggests that you knew.
you're retweet gave me that impression so what's your case
saying bacterial pneumonia is contagious.
said non contagious lol!
my debate last sunday in 0range county with
don't expect abbas to sign anything, his tactic: get concessions, cut off talks
great invu but 1 more big issue for debate: trump stirred insubordination in military.
trump, if given the chance, would rip the fabric of this society apart. he has already done so without power.
i bought a bacon egg and cheese and got a hookah pen...i'm not even lying right now
where at ? i'm tryna get that deal
there is some blame for dems but to be frank, we did not have their backs and the crazies did have rush limbaugh's.
obama and dems did not propose any significant legislation to address poverty. don't blame republicans, it wasn't even on dems agenda
kinda weird that i eat my meals in the dorm where rick rubin founded def jam.
are u in clive davis or steinhardt?
sigh typical jagex :/
now for quests! again, the choice is between fifth and sixth age, or no interest in questing.
duped asskissing democrat bitch, please.
article doesn't have one quote. you can't find one time where they said it? come on man.
esp with people saying the no headphone thing is a problem
exactly, but what a waaaaay. tbh it hasn't been much of an issue for me so far. just use the lightning headphones
however. that does not give white people here the right to make comments like go back to africa. lets not get out of hand now.
wait zee how you mean ? who say so ??
honestly my picture walls make me so happy.
wow i'm not even up there
thank god! i'm smarter then them cause i dont believe 1 lying word out of their
so then all politicians are out... because they all lie... it's just a sad fact
if u still wanna my phone is alive again so i can manage my money so i guess i can get you st dude!!!
ooooooop please omg do they have the zine???
nigga im nice asf at airballing free throws
lmaoooooo i'm nicer at that foh
*plops down criss-cross-applesauce with palms on chin and waits*
is that what you do with your kids?
it's game day!!!!
yes it is b!!!
investigation into continues, city officials to brief media sunday:
fact; not even with his rhetoric couldn't stop this type of terrorist acts . his mouth is explosive.
thank god! i'm smarter then them cause i dont believe 1 lying word out of their
but we all lie too soooooo....
if 8-4 is all you got , so be it. even that is hard to get now, but i also think bvg is a problem, got to make a change
at this point 8-4 might be considered an accomplishment
happy birthday to the only person who wasn't scared to teach me how to drive lmfaoooooo love you
thank u appreciate it
someone is watching
it's a start. this is a super pac looking to tell the truth
big ol' burr buns coming your way ! love bear tfs heck yeah!
he's g9t quite the snoot!
there is some blame for dems but to be frank, we did not have their backs and the crazies did have rush limbaugh's.
affordable care act did indeed help some working poor, but it was inadequate. and that was passed without one single republican vote
winchester. i used to live in el cajon.
oh nice. i'm by marshall scotty's now. lived in santee, lakeside, city of el cajon.
: candidates refer to nyc blast as bomb but takes brunt of media criticism
i will kiss trump any time but her ass is dirty she don't look to clean she look like she smells
happy birthday to my son
thanks fam!!
now i have much more time to make things the worsest
just stay away from who thus far has been a model leader &amp; treats me w/the respect i deserve
i do that all. the. time!!
i feel like i'm winning at life now that i've figured this out!
word of the year for obsessives: seigniorage.
the redundancy of "close proximity" (for proximate) makes me crazy. i look it up...
i don't want to be concerned yet, simply because i don't think i've seen a disney live action that has been white washed
doctor strange (white washing of the ancient one) and the avengers (whitewashing of the maximoff twins)
unbelievable ... are you just being obtuse now? because, i can move on.
are you just running away from explaining yourself?
now for quests! again, the choice is between fifth and sixth age, or no interest in questing.
looking over at the first poll that led to heart of stone, those are the same options...
nicole got a minute long voicemail of someone having sex
pls help my ears
happiest of birthdays to the girl i am making my sister at the end of next month love you !
awh this is so cute haha love you tara, thank you!!
a leisurely brunch accompanied by 9/18/88
that the one with morning dew or was that the night before
i will see it with u
when u free
around the corner from me i think it's partly cause they still think i'm dominican
lmao damn i was about to go
ugh, i know right?! i would love if we always played the early game. hate waiting, at least it's not
i know!! thursday, sunday and monday night games kill me lol!
listen close to the audio track. laugh track abruptly stops...
the cheering from this rally is way too loud for the amount of people gathered...sounds like they stole it from trump rally
happy born day bruh
goodlookin bro
this is 29!!! happy birthday to me. i would of never imagined this year i would be carrying my...
happy birthday and god bless
yes! republicans, through their fox et al propaganda channels, have obliterated this. after election it's up to us to repair.
had dems been a truly progressive party the aca would've included public option. but they are bought off by insurance and big pharma
quick poll: which makeup subscription box should i get or which one do you guys like better?
i clicked ipsy cuz i don't want you spending so much a month
that the one with morning dew or was that the night before
actually i'm an idiot that's 87 msg
when 'christians' sacrifice faith for trump
have you read the bible? you should... it's what it says... not my opinion
how is this possible?!!! good stuff!!
did someone put the decimal point in the wrong place?
they have the best low block scorer in the league. noah can score in pnr. saying he isn't a fit on o is plain wrong.
theoretically he's absolutely a better fit than lopez. but lopez gets results, noah needs to prove it
kinda miffed i'm not allowed in the kosher grocery store because i'm not wearing sleeves
holy hell, that's a new one (to me at least)
when u free
all day i took off work today
looking over at the first poll that led to heart of stone, those are the same options...
...but that poll asked if people wanted a standalone quest, which isn't an option on the survey.
last night i face swapped with sean burbige... you're welcome
this is terrifying and amazing
where is this o.o?
kith treats in manhattan.
the previous potus' and candidates carried themselves with much more dignity.
i agree what's you're point?
dudes had an irish tap dance session on my face
this is my favorite picture ever
maybe the hipster goes bass fishing wherever they summer. i definitely passed one in ct.
well they should take me with them, damnit!
in a normal election, these 126 things would disqualify trump from becoming president:
need tv ad asking ppl on the street why wld anyone destroy 13 blackberry's &amp; 5 ipads w a ? have you?
meek, game and sean kingston all acting like females.
specially sean kingston.
best you can do is queue into 1v1's at the same time and hope you get in together :(
aw man - when i saw 1v1 private i got excited
read her platform. i think you will be pleasantly surprised.
i have read the platform. i know ppl who were on platform committee. it's only progressive because of us (sanders supporters)
calif votes should be voided with their illegals voting
we can stop them, go to
disney does it right sometimes and does it wrong. but i don't even think the mulan movie will be made by then
them* considering it's a public domain folktale
bush (both of 'em), clinton, reagan, carter, et al., making ludicrous stmts?
stm what's? english please
everytime an act of terrorism takes place, all the deplorables come out with vitriol &amp; islamophobia before learning the facts
if the f bomb exploded under the window of your child you will be talking deferent about it !!! bombs terrorized the ppl !
how can you 1v1 viewers isnt it a closed alpha? also any more bo3 today? lol
guess you can't. and we'll see about today!
entire nation expresses empathy and sorrow for our martyrs. no point in flying pigeons of peace any more.
instead let us use our bramos,wipe out the whole pakistan.landof ashoka,pakistan is kalinga.
just like trump has a great relationship with blacks &amp; putin?psychotic.
ha no one said that now now don't jump to conclusions
who needs cheerleaders when you have the giants receivers?
hope they're in same good spirits after the game.
the most eloquent way of saying "no new friends"
"we are not taking submissions at this time, thank you for your interest"
thank you ted not perfect but i know one thing liberal and republicans are more afraid of him then they of trump
i here you, cruz is so right hes almost a half a muslim, no games brother, stay safe.
the newspaper never showed up and the customer support phone number is broken, maybe it's time to cancel
don't cancel. you'll never know what's going on if you do. browsing online doesn't allow glancing @ most articles.
oh okay. any dead or just wounded?
29 wounded but not life threatening
a modest proposal indeed
one of my middle school students seriously asked me if i had ever met isaac newton, i said yes, but i was very young at the time.
i would like to find the comment now lol, a white boy under bdos today comments. but it's so many now i doubt i can find em
oh gosh. ima say he's 12 and now find the internet. cause bajan whites ain't ever white. them is tan too sweet for it to be true
read her platform. i think you will be pleasantly surprised.
and she has already started walking back things like $15 wage. also, platforms are non-binding.
go out there and teach them a lesson
i love animals but at this moment in time i will drop kick it.
i should start an account called bad netflix descriptions. cause they're mostly bad.
do they think it's similar to the running man because there's a man running on the poster?
no connection between trash can bomb and , says:
only connection both explosive.
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
donald the douchebag
congrats on the 1 yr anniversary of digital vein. i'm gonna need a bigger shelf for next album. hugs
.... a new ?
when adam started dancing like some fish on stage everyone around me were like "wtf" &amp; started laughing hysterically
i think it's his tina turner dance :)
saw ! ! stole the show! she's ! couldn't take my eyes off her!
oh thank you, you're so kind! i love the show. thanks for coming!
: nope, never worked in politics. but, can you see obama, romney, mccain, ...
you should then you'd be able to properly tweet and comment about it
today all the trump spokespeople are
that's really sad. what are they promising will be on every corner this time, churros?
keep in mind, a man whose company committed record medicare fraud was elected governor of florida because his opponent lacked tactical skill
love you joy thank you for keeping us informed..
swedish girls don't get enough credit
swedish girls, dumb thic
there's a pic on one of the house blog posts but you can also just wait to be surprised!
wall paper behind a pedestal sink looks difficult!
this morning on mtp: tim kaine and kellyanne conway join me to discuss . tune in.
nothing like good porn talk...
i think it's fair to say that the guidolin experiment is a failure... his selection and tactics are baffling.
barrow has been on the bench he past 3 seasons for a reason.
i'm due at the 92nd st y, but not until march, around nou roz. i promise to come by next time i'm in the city. always a pleasure
we're excited about the y event: we're selling books there. but it would be great to have signed persia before that!
so i'll admit it, am little upset over hiddleswift, i do not get a man acting like that with a woman, it's fuckwittage, that's what it is!
what happened? seems i missed it all
can't take a hint huh :/
idk if you can even "do" a hint, you have no subtly.
"butter, along with processed foods, meat with visible fat and full fat dairy not good for you"
i am reading and learning the opposite lately, with science pivoting toward full fat dairy. so confused.
this looks like a very sick woman should be top news. i almost feel bad. almost. not presidential
media props up life support for hillary
malek jaziri, 's top male tennis player, defeated 's dudi sela in three sets, after a controversial decision to play.
in previous matches against israeli players, he was instructed by the ministry of sports to forfeit each match instead of playing.
excited for mashable summit
thanks for making the live stream avail for all
well because of the gasoline shortage all the gas stations are closed down and ruined my plans with my mom :( dang it
oh nuuuu :&lt; how far away are you guys from her
in a normal election, these 126 things would disqualify trump from becoming president:
need tv ad asking ppl on the street- why wld anyone destroy 13 blackberry's &amp; 5 ipads w a ? have you?
really? wow. just stop.
tell me.... where??? go on you said yourself you're not a christian
read her platform. i think you will be pleasantly surprised.
more important than platform is her choosing conservative tim kaine as vp pick. that was a big signal to progressives. she lost me
why did i move to california...i was a native new yorker...i could of had this everyday :(
california has things like . so that's a win.
is the sound quality better?
from the headphones, just a touch, they prolly made the slightest of improvements. from the speakers, legit 200% louder
really? wow. just stop.
i am so i know but you tell me since you pulled he missel on it
. on trump's birther argument: it's astonishing that we're debating this so late in the game.
no, not "appalling", but stupid and without merit. campaign are desperate to change the subject.
did i miss something &amp; responsibility was claimed by a religion? did we forget about the domestic variety aka mcveigh?
or the unabomber? people forget when there is something to gain, especially in election time and a very weak gop candidate.
did i really just see a sign selling parking for $180 on mlk and hoover!?!?
best way to go is ! from long beach $1.75 each way! also has rider special to get to metro...
"deeply disappointed with pakistan's continued and direct support to terrorism."
we had strong evidence of raw involvement in terrorist activities in pk but our corrupt govt leaders never named india openly.
cnn edits out hillary calling nyc explosions 'a bombing'
cut her a break; she was totally baked.
what the hell?! i call bullshit...it is terrorist related....
it was a palestinian that hit the cop in the head with the cleaver! it's no coincidence that the next night a bomb went off!
virginia sen. tim kaine: the fight against isis has "dramatically improved" since 2015
yeah doing great
so i can't speak for other press, but we didn't "hammer" trump. merely posted his comments and asked how he knew
and by the way this is exactly what anyone should do with a politician who is early with major info. report, asked who briefed them
how are you making ? primer
i come from a refugee background. everything starts with dialogue
i don't think so but i'll look! they have the like....zanzibar land fanbook or w/e it's called
i will take anything and everything..........the art book is what i mean i'm fool
wine is the worst hangover
sad but very true
no question, but this goes back to how many 18-19 year olds ready to manage extreme wealth smartly?
that's why on the eighth day god created sports agents. as an afterthought
did you know duda in spanish is doubt according to bing
i did know because every time my teacher would say it last year i died a bit
the only family the trump family gives a damn about is the trump family.
umm. and not even all the trumps.
good morning ms amber
good morning darling! how are you!?
i'll trade you lundswiss &amp; staal for taylor hall and a second round pick
we're gonna need to do a lot better than that to have the first ever devils/rangers deal in history, haha.
noooo. i have my laptop from peace corps and it needs a new battery; it's a struggle
yeah i crossed my fingers throughout peace corps that it would survive, but now i think my time is up
. there is definitely a media, political, and world war going on. i try to tell everyone over &amp; over, no politician is angelic.
putin has been painted as an autocractic monster by the media, where is the other side?
that's your manz
best account on ig tbh
christianity is built on original sin,you should be in bible study.
like the bible study im in where we study it?
is gary johnson not the oddest guy ever?
for the life of me i can't understand how gary johnson gets anyone's support. if just as a protest, seems like wasted effort.
yes! i dig that place. isn't that place kinda healthy already!?
yea but this place is trying to go next level health consciousness
dumpster bomb distracts everyone from america's syria blunders. convenience itself!
one story has pretty lights..
bruh she was in my group for lab! lemme tell u bout her! haha
oo i can't wait! lol
robert gates is part of the problem, why does his word mean anything to me? our government is corrupt as it can get at this point
america is dumb downed. not listening to experience and just the buzz feed media.
hrc has been wrong on trade for decades! the middle class can't afford more deals negotiated at their expense!
we cannot afford tolerance of corruption and classless society as the norm.
christianity is built on original sin,you should be in bible study.
what does ur bible study say about jesus dying on the cross to forgive us?
in previous matches against israeli players, he was instructed by the ministry of sports to forfeit each match instead of playing.
however, after negotiations with ministry of sports, jaziri went ahead with the match and won. good on him.
i understand - both your regrets and why you didn't go. i wouldn't have been able to if it hadn't been after classes ended.
i knew you do, and you did then. but still...to have seen the cupcake chair dance live in the studio would have been awesome.
just found !
on my way now.. in a cab
when a dumpster bomb injures 29 people in and 8 stabbed in , which claimed, thoughts of occur
no, fearful speculation occurs. thought involves awaiting evidence and facts before leaping to the worst scenario.
excited to be at the to explore role of in meeting the .
excited you're here! we'd love to connect :)
i hate colleges
i'd ask why i have to go to one, but then i remember i'm african and don't have a choice
congratulations delhi. transport minister will flag-off 100 new buses today (18th september'18).
i wish will be back soon
why are media outlets so terrible at twitter? it's not that hard
why is the media accepting the trump narrative that obama hasn't proved his birthplace until 2011? it's ridiculous.
they have some nice tucson shirts as well
i think we need to rethink our basic kit after seeing these
i had a house on mollison in el cajon. i used to bungee jump at marshall scotty's back in the early 90's.
dude that place is spooky af right now. i think squatters are living there. that or tweekers.
clarification: trump aide says "clinton campaign" started "birther" movement
this provides zero clarification unless you say she's wrong. do better.
please help my friend find everything she owns (on a stolen moving truck in bay area).
done and i shared it on facebook too
not all people, just the racist, xenophobes, misogynists. that is not you.
ohhhhh so we should damn them but what if they believe in jesus... as crazy as it is
hillary fails 2 raise libindy means she can't beat trump badly in nov &amp; ultra-rights.
so you're going to ignore bernie's plea? or just not vote? vote green etc. downticket, but you can't let trump win.
i got home really late last night and i didn't take my makeup off and i really want to punch myself in the face several times
oh yeah, love yourself and always take it off no matter how tired you are haha
if i go though...
ha! i gotta say, would be fine with that... a lot of bad fans in our section
folks love how black folks look and what black folks do but don't love black folks.
:( interesting if very sad point
breaking! cuomo: it's terrorism "but not international terrorism" via
whack? idiot lmao
what is this new york's upscale neighbourhood? will u give info? we are writing a news item. so needed.
diverse area with restaurants, bars and commercial offices. sizable lgbt community. 23rd and 6th is a subway stop.
if that's the best you've got ugly ass bitch?
she has faded away and classified herself as
ryan getting warmed up.
ryan is good but matt is better. prove me wrong.
do you realize how stupid you look? let's answer.no
media props up hillary
jason pierre-paul is active today for . view today's inactive players here:
why the hell did we sign beatty if he isn't going to be active?
our guys showing a lot of fight in the 4th qt. durham smythe catches the td to pull notre dame within one score.
your season is over brian kelly should be fired
fifth age lost to sixth age in that first poll. 19% for fifth, 50% for sixth.
not sure about the difference in the poll here, especially with one less option, but that gives an idea.
my phone wasn't charging for a whole day and when it magically started working i was greeted by this
your boyfriends really missed you
join us for great tv movies - legend of the golden gun w/ + 2 jesse stone films w/ . 12 pm e
the variety show is back! live on stage! richard skipper celebrates check out our promo: 9/25
pence and kaine differ over trump's suggestion for clinton to ditch her "bodyguards"
clown better be ready because his will be pulled as soon as he looses, just like
we had folks big mad, yall.
good the truth always hurt.
somebody tell me to go for a run
the run, it's calling. answer the call.
you'll always be a king. our name is our name though
thanks brother
thanks to my top interactors! ty for standing up 2 support our constitution
my pleasure. thank you, patriot!
otherness: not faith or race but his cool detachment, intellectual distance + oblig to global v. us responsibilities
. there is an "otherness" to alex.
outside of just using a , anyone recommend other was to organize tweets for a conference? am co-running &amp; want it done well
other than hashtags, i've only ever seen storify used (to curate afterward).
trump university:
no no i need video everything's on video i don't go by analysts
really? i must've been thinking of another post then. my bad. that guy is just dumb then.
he doesn't hate on ms persay but this is a really out of bounds post
just missed throwing her bouquet because i was making a clueless joke
and somehow you still ended up with it so you win!!!
i now a have a mission this sunday. thank you lol
my favorite donuts in the world.
your assertion that dems are unamerican is, actually, unamerican. it goes against our freedom of choice in politics.
name one reliable dem voting bloc that is contented and happy. just one. go!
oh ok. i don't know about the nba just as much as the nfl
: lets just say overall it was a bitch move.
yoooooo but this nigga is dead wearing supreme boxers !! you fucking fake ass u c this ?
lmao i think its a statement. give my man some credit
late night bodega sandwiches may be the thing i miss most about nyc. make them your friends.
they've instantly become my best friend. i'm honestly so . i'm also by a ton of mexican food so
which seemed to be pretty standard at all the buildings i looked at.
what about living further outside of sf? where parking isn't as expensive. commute in on the train. drive to nature on weekends?
. everyone rushes to reactions rather than stepping back &amp; looking at any politician critically. it's emotional like sports.
i always thought democracy was fairer!
damn. seven weeks until this country's fate is sealed.
sort of nervous.
we had folks big mad, yall.
that's right solidarity
for 69 years, the air force has brought strength to bear throughout its history. happy 69th birthday !
here's to another 69 plus successful years.
good thing those games usually end up as wins. nothing worse than waiting all day for a game then they lose.
yup, you're right!! at least it's not in vain lol.
will he apologize for to try and oust him? he disowned doing the same to an actual dictator, erdogan.
my bet, this will be about unsc resolutions on palestinian statehood after elections
how'd you get a totally different headline to index in google?
the title tag
elizabeth warren says donald trump has a "dark and ugly soul" via
elizabeth warren needs to go clean fish by the river
this election is like watching children who keep saying "ok but the heater keeps me warm and strong and i will stick my hands in the flame"
if your partner told you things donald trump tells the nation, they'd be an abusive partner, just fyi
where do you work
im a telemarketer at mktg.inc it's funny as hell people get so pissed off
. she said today on mtv that hillary sent people to africa to check pbo outside. that is a big lie!
i did not see , but did chuck let her lie?
someone tell me why we need to import refugees to the us? if they need humanitarian aid, give them aid in the me. not here.
what does this have to do with ?
to think i used to defend him as a real journalist. i'm so ashamed...
he is nasty as ugly as he is that's how nasty
yep 9/11 attacks completely avoided an elite financial building in the center of one of america's wealthiest cities
so much misinformation. not only is chelsea one of the most $ nabes in nyc, but 6th ave isn't even chelsea. sad.
no pls you don't understand. it was a crucial moment in our lives.
this is almost as bad as when i was sent allysons pregnant nude without any warning at all
why is jew-hatred so common?
they're jealous of our hairy backs and self loathing
wait for it...my shocked face
umm okay waiting...
me too. so happy for him. he truly deserved it
same here...so incredibly happy for him and he so deserved that award.
phone is disconnected &amp; i never been so happy. lol now ppl can stop blowin my up shit with nothing to talk about.
phones back on. don't jack my shit tho :/ lol
i want her cheeses soooo bad.ill honestly pay any amount
is there any available to order at the moment?
won't let it go! cnn tapper brings up birther issue during interview with christie and nj explosion
tapper now speaks for african american on birtherism no happy. he should speak 4 killings in chicago, detroit
hey hillary, this is what deplorable is. what basket does she belong in?
her muslim handler pulling the strings ...how did she get vetted????
thanks for coming by!
was a great afternoon! thanks
no one said what? what are you disputing?
articles say this all the time so do the edited news stories get me video
compras are mad fun what you mean
my mom just told an associate "i need to speak to a manager" like ma what are you doing
y'all really think he healthy?
what he hurt from though he came in the first game running like that.
omg what if robert sepulveda was your *~*type*~*
i stay away from gay racists. apps are enough.
this is white isis. period.
kim jong un would be proud of such calls for oppression.
if your partner told you things donald trump tells the nation, they'd be an abusive partner, just fyi
"i'm the only one who can deal with you and your problems!!!" - abusive.
no one said what? what are you disputing?
i'll be proven wrong anytime for hard facts! trust me
dumpster bomb distracts everyone from america's syria blunders. convenience itself!
, the other story has maps.
i find him unfit to be potus. i cannot call myself a christian and vote ...
so you're a christian
tell him you had coffee with saint aquinas too...after meeting sir newton. smh. ladies and gentlemen...society's future
another student asked me if galileo was still alive...the future is so bright....
the journey of becoming a health care advocate starts with trusting yourself.
indubitably.
otherness: not faith or race but his cool detachment, intellectual distance + oblig to global v. us responsibilities
would you say that seeming aloof and intellectual raises a legitimate question of whether you were born in the united states?
he helped make a 6th rd qb look alright/took a running game that had worst stat year in team history and made it 1st
and the team had him pose in team picture and fired him afterwards??? this team...
not for nothing, but they had to go get nova because their rotation was awful.
yeah and with cole being on shelf most of aug it was bad
price of insulin sold by two different companies. companies that theoretically compete. there are two lines here.
does it need three to be a cartel?
mayo will never have a better chance to beat dublin, but too many passing errors needlessly giving away possession
what's the current score? tough to listen to &amp; follow as a semi-clueless person.
pleasure meeting you in person
loveeeed u girls thank you for inviting me
i retweet a lot because i follow many interesting people/accounts who say interesting things. which rt are you referring to?
wait you retweeted something you don't even remember????? i won't do the research but you can
shame on him for what????
for pointing out hillary is martha stewart-level baked.
it's almost time for some football! who you guys got today?
new york!!!
fierce arguments just had about my raingear in our house. i see myself as paddington in it. my partner sees this.
the difference is clear: what color are your galoshes?
i don't really know what is going on &amp; believe you don't really live in but hope you're having a safe and happy evening
i am safe and sound in brooklyn. thanks for checking in man. this shit is scary :(
coincidentally, he met the same end as sonny.
yeah. but he wasn't really family.
wish they would wake up &amp; smell his lies!
or roses! roses are much better
otherness: not faith or race but his cool detachment, intellectual distance + oblig to global v. us responsibilities
. clarity here: potus is passionate about his "us responsibilities," which are constantly thwarted by gop blockheads in congress.
i see you tryna get blocked on the lords day lol
loll. u wouldn't do it.
nyc is so big, i didn't even there was an explosion in till family started sending "are you ok texts"
once my mom and my cousin text "are you ok" at the same time i immediately knew their was some kinda bomb that went off.
it's fascinating how a bunch of self-described deplorables in bumblefuck usa know exactly what's going on in
it's cool, they've been here once to visit their friend debbie's niece and went to the m&amp;m's store, so they're clearly experts
no inactive cowboys are listed as starters with the exception, of course, of tony romo.
but how many suspended?
omg ya we bought that. ill grab it for ya if you want it's $15
ok can i send u extra money to pick up whatever else u think i'd want i'm obsessed with their style
: using other people's money. plus, his lack of humility offends me.
using other people's money? what do you mean? all politicians fund raise....
next question is about the rate of quests. do you want more, is the current rate about rate, do you want less, or don't care?
that one actually bothers me more than the age question. you've got four options, and only one acknowledges that it's a problem.
rnc chair calls trump campaign "one of the biggest movements" in modern history
that would be a "bowel" movement
.: as commander-in-chief scares me to death.
there are 3 reasons put on the ticket: virginia, virginia, virginia! he's talking points in a suit.
look at this! i'm so excited! tickets are on sale now! go get 'em!!!
- &amp;i got tickets before the parade passes by. we'll put on our sunday clothes &amp; say hello bette!
whoah: trump on clinton's bodyguards: "take their guns away. she doesn't want guns...let's see what happens to her."
better yet- lets see what happens to him. ..
beautiful inside and out it was pleasure meeting you
7abeeebti thank you, i enjoyed every minute with u
nothing to see here folks, just a new icooker. comes with wires &amp; a cell phone.
collusion to hide the truth..how can there be no footage of terrorists in a area with many cameras ???
i wanted to dm you this but twitter won't let me do that love you frankie
thank you so much!! you're the sweetest best of luck on your test
hey , if you keep suggesting your supporters kill , someone will listen. the blood will be on your hands.
donald already has blood on his hands,what his supporters did in boston to the latino
then what about the thunder?
thunder is when god is on the toilet and farting
you don't "plant" doubts when it comes to the least trustworthy candidate to ever run. you just watch them grow.
she is honest like you are ,no honor ,no dignity ,no loyalty you are sick sir get help
strange election where the running mates are peacemakers rather than attack dogs.
the fact is that when hillary pegged the "deplorable" number at 50%, she thought she was being kind.
wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something. - plato
and when in doubt, say nothing; just listen.
sorry my shocked face has a 2 hour delay
that was a good one...made me giggle
that's why raiduhs fans are so salty . oh wait they don't get night games cause they're garbage
raiduhs lol!! nah, they don't draw the ratings!
we had to travel with the mother of my aunt's aunt and she's mad old n was traveling for the first time so in abu dhabi they opened her bag
and the security agent was paki and i was the one speaking to him and he takes out this huge ass tun box from her carry on and opens it
16: publications, some of the most viable business models are not based on scale but establishing successful holds on particular niches.
as far as i've seen, this is only only viable way to build a news-based media org... but has nothing to do with tech
i can never lose watchu thought ???
you'd lose if u played me one on one
i love ny rap. but the "hop on the hottest ny rapper's song and remix the shit outta it" is kinda dead, no? idk..
that happens to every hot street record.
it's not sexism to point out she looks barely conscious and this is quite terrifying while addressing terrorism
should be in a hospital, but she would rather destroy what remains of her health than give up her campaign.
history shows that edgar allen poe was friendly with the fordham jesuits and wrote his poem "the bells" about our chiming bells
just found out that the street my dorm is on is called edgar allan poe way
"speak for yourself!"
so you never lie?
that one actually bothers me more than the age question. you've got four options, and only one acknowledges that it's a problem.
i understand why they have "i don't have an opinion on this" as an option, but "fewer quests" is an option i want out.
door to see md, should be 15mins or less. if mi, to cath lab should be under 30mins. otherwise, there's sometime wrong w system.
who knows..just glad he came back haha
"a exploding in is obviously an act of ," new york gov. andrew cuomo told reporters
puts an end to 'intentional' but 'not terror' narrative.
just checking to see if you're okay - there is a mess happening in chelsea
all's well. i was home early after open house.
this page has been removed.
can you send me a screenshot of what you were seeing? thanks
do they have serious mass in stores ? or only online... // like even the little packets they have for protein in rite-aid or w/e
i want a small packet for like a week or 2 so when i get $$$ i can just buy the real deal on line , feel me??
you don't "plant" doubts when it comes to the least trustworthy candidate to ever run. you just watch them grow.
i hope you got no children wow you are sociopath ,loco wtf is going on in your head stupid
sarah, fwiw it's more about their fashion sense than anything else for me.
that's fine. those people in that photo were dressed terribly regardless of sexual orientation
that sounds amazing!
it's life changing
we're getting ready for the 7th annual social good summit! watch live at 11 am et: via
. well done kicking us off!
started working out the day before i left for gr. i've been eating kyria sofias food for over a week. now i have to start all over again ugh
all in moderation
you can literally see his cursor from where he stopped typing and starting copy and pasting. tumblr won't stop this
i wonder what brint thinks of this.
because she's qualified and he's a sexist, xenophobic, ignorant man.
you forgot racist. and dangerously short tempered.
36% of all current nhs doctors were born overseas.
it it right to be depriving these other countries???
i need help tho.
how much have you priced her ticket back home for?
why do we played injured players?
cause there's no depth. that's why tyrell lyons left. said kelly kept putting hurt niggas in the game.
returns to academia; to teach international corporate finance |
can't be easily forgotten by fellow indians!
you don't "plant" doubts when it comes to the least trustworthy candidate to ever run. you just watch them grow.
i know you bored no job looser
and the security agent was paki and i was the one speaking to him and he takes out this huge ass tun box from her carry on and opens it
and it's literally all phan and gua and he just looks at me and starts laughing and im just looking at him speechless but he let her slide
mi yesy estoppp love you and thank you
love you tons mi lillllyyyy &amp; your welcome
worrying about every other country but his own.
of course thats why we're in the state we are.
heard about that explosion
i just saw. wow that's crazy! thank you for checking on me boo
how long after they charged your card did you get the email?
it looks like i was charged sometime on friday but didn't get the email until this morning. so 1.5 days or so?
*ugly-cries*: two mexican immigrants reunite with their parents after being separated for 22 years.
i lovethis. but it makes me so sad that they went so many years without being able to see one another.
dear john kerry, should media not cover the explosion that hurt 29 or the military fun run blast? please advise.
oh man. couple firecrackers went off. spare me.
imagine gaf reaction if ms was marketing games as 1080p quality
some ppl did and were banned, greenberg told me it was output was 1080p and they killed it
oh god yeah i remember
the next question is actually very good. it asks about releasing four quests in a given time, so that's the right start.
yes, we see this dynamic play out in health care too, with providers &amp; insurers in a battle for negotiating leverage
cvs is prime, so are those top 4 food distributors.the word will unveil leverage in it's pure-rest form,moral auth
when you get caught creeping on he says hi!
i could sense your presence
has anyone at the nyabf captioned an instagram "we're gonna need a bigger tote!" yet
they will soon
"speak for yourself!"
changes my life a few years back and it may just change yours :)
you guys played the rams....
both of these teams went 7-9 last year bruh you trying to say the saints is better? lol
nope we have a meeting tomorrow to have to site! i'm selling at the tampa and orlando veg fest and then my website should b up!
ok awesome, goodluck!
why did the alligator cross the road? (palm coast,florida)
cause he saw the white lines silly lol !!
how long is the delay?
shhhh it is not to be discussed.....the walls have ears!
i hate this
incendio incendio incendio
dublin lead by two and i'd say it is !
thanks! what's left on the clock?!
if the press allows the lying piece of excrement to go unchallenged it is electing trump
chuck at least follow state of the union's example and tweet the truth to your viewers.
does casilla know he's causing riots in the streets? okay just in my driveway but still. i have a headache now.
i hulked out a bit last night too.
i need coffe now. have a beautiful day and thank you for the civil discourse.
you're so welcome! thanks for commenting but not backing up your tweets :)
"the truth about email at the state department"
take a line from dt "t started email controversy &amp; i finished it. period. let's move on"
airplanes r metal birds, gotdam metal birds with blankets and snacks
i live in new york where the pigeons often have snacks too.
"the thing that i was more annoyed about is that i was just falling asleep" `
thank you for being a concerned friend. but now i need coffee.
new scenes uploaded every week! join today!
youre amazing :)
what's the reason
for the seasons? umm,...jesus?
go have a kid and let this happen to them
i have a gay brother whom id trust with my life and my child's
my tiny cat baby, whose mom is the ratter for a warehouse, does this same trick! rule.
very few cats do this!
sherman's value to seattle makes all the sense in the world. elsewhere, it might not.
the point is be doesn't travel. period
stay safe xx
thanks lovely, i was far away from chelsea last night phew
3b jae gyun hwang hit 2 hrs today. now .339/.400/.576 with 5.8 war (2nd in ). has attracted a lot of scouts
whats the pitchers speed there
for those who repent. i'm sorry that you don't understand that.
what scripture do you find that in?
wait what? say it aint so! square cash has always been the quickest way to throw payments to people
it stinks. it's still the quickest (for a 1% fee) or it's 1 business day for free
no depth? other rbs play better.
you keep him in the game because there's a chance he may break one.
your through 2 weeks awards...
rookie darron lee leo williams and brian winters + quincy enuwa on o
because trump says it is, with no explanation or apology. the obedient press dare not question further.
it shouldn't be over, hillary must be held accountable for her campaigns role in spreading birtherism.
there is no way all of the attacks yesterday were just a coincidence. this was organized.
msm is ignoring it but the off-broadway crowd is piecing the story together
his chutzpah, hubris, gall never ends: thoughts?
does yours?
i'm still angry had to show his birth certificate at all.
agreed! how is it that no one seems able to press donald trump on his lies? keep asking until he screams plea
. it's either he's the next hitler, or he's the next world savior. there's no in between with anyone. divide &amp; conquer. not 4 me.
moniker's and labels are unfair....serious analysis is needed!
no, it's not sexism...but it is deception when you present a single frame &amp; tell people it's the whole movie.
i have seen the movie. it doesn't have a happy ending.
his chutzpah, hubris, gall never ends: thoughts?
does anyone's?
add or to any radio show and that's a recipe for changing the station.
since we were on the air against each other, im glad we both made you miserable at the same time. makes my day. truly
happy birthday man! best wishes!
thank you homie :)
the next question is actually very good. it asks about releasing four quests in a given time, so that's the right start.
either you get four in the same story (like sliske's countdown), four in different stories (2011 was the last time this happened)...
"costs are falling so fast, there may soon be no problem for the carbon market to fix."
costs will never be low enough to stave off the worst impacts of climate unless policy commits to mandates
his chutzpah, hubris, gall never ends: thoughts?
imagine if we all judged you?
she's not taking your guns,just stopping people who shouldn't have them from getting them.
trump keeps saying abolish and that is what fires up those nutcases
why the hell are u so damn dishonest, why r u covering for
i just watch them as they lie to protect a liar and i'm sick of it dishonest &amp; manipulative
with hillary, you'll get 4 more yrs of "we can't jump to conclusions" with trump, you'll get common sense and vigilance
spare me. . don't know how they will bounce back. pass me my gelato.
welcome to jess, joe, and robin! (middle's new seminary interns)
yes! they are an amazing cohort!
why the hell isn't a pats/fins afc east matchup on tv in nyc?
because the giants are a bunch of cocksuckers
scomiche b&amp;w saga: part 1
scomiche b&amp;w saga: part 2
0 deaths today from those attacks, easier to kill with guns
are you kidding me? no guns were used in 9/11, the boston marathon, or nice and look how well those turned out..
contented and happy? wth are you talking about? are republicans contented and happy? if not, does that make them unamerican?
what exactly do u think conservatives are trying to "conserve?" never said "unamerican" - that's ur word. they hate america.
anyway if you have s radar, i can try to get some dupes ;-)
if you read ghc scroll back from last night geekosaur has a possible script to construct bad objects and reid shared a c test
we haven't seen play since his acl wk-5 last season. he's gettin close folks
forget charles go back to the blonde cheerleader
lots of clouds today but most of the day is dry with a small chance of showers this afternoon, best chance tonight.
thank you so much, have a wonderful day!!
no you're making that interpretation and imposing judgment on anyone who disagrees
actually, been getting a lot of people telling me gays molest
i am &amp; i am neither are my friends
you're awesome! thank you for supporting trump, we must take our country back nov 8, lets !
you test drive a xc90 that has to be photoshopped.
too pricey and nice for us
desean jackson has at least 80 yards in 3 straight games against dallas.
him or jordan matthews non ppr?
either you get four in the same story (like sliske's countdown), four in different stories (2011 was the last time this happened)...
...or a mix of progressing one story while also offering variety. i would like them to have a question like that next time.
his face when v was about to jump down 2 quiet i swear to god its just. *kaz voice* i wont esitate bitch
im going to scream everytime my brain imagines thi goahfsgjssf
trying to figure out storage now: only remaining pci-e slot is a 2.0 4x slot, so limited to 2gb/sec
was originally thinking intel 750 or samsung 950 pro, but those'd probably be wasted. maybe will go with intel 600p now. bonus: cheaper!
sounds like your around way too many extros.
yea, something like that.
my husband's first comment this morning after " good morning ": trump supporters aren't ill-informed, they're just stupid " lol love him.
i love him too.
it's not my role to teach you about your own faith.
no but it should be your dignity to back up your own claims and thoughts
you know tyrell? i'm not being sarcastic i'm genuinely curious.
yeah. him. reggie. keelin smith. couple guys.
great cat costume ideas in advance of halloween! besides , which one is your favorite?
it's a tie between red riding hood and sherlock!
i'm not traveling with you. like ever.
let's boycott tina
here's a direct tweet quote from to the precious: now toddle off.
still lacking any quote from a clinton campaign person or the candidate.
not sure if you've heard this song but i was listening today and i figured the msg would encourage you
the whole album is right up your alley of you like travis greene...kinda lol...continue in excellence and encouragement
dumpster bomb distracts everyone from america's syria blunders. convenience itself!
need i say it? pretty lights &amp; false flags win.
$355 minimum. she's flying out saturday so prices are going up
oct. 22nd, right? ow or roundtrip?
please ask your paster to jump ahead to any of the gospels.
i'm reading them all... in greek :)
we signed up for this program through our electricity co.
nice! i had no idea that such a thing did exist, and it's awesome!
happy birthday to one of my best friends!!! sad i'm not on the west coast with him anymore.
thanks brotha miss your ass over here it's not the same
amazing, only in pc america.... "a pressure cooker with wires"... you mean a bomb?!?!
no they mean a peaceful pressure cooker placed by peaceful people who want nothing but peace in the world
patrick could also break one. did it yesterday
yeah but everyone was thinking the same thing. dalvin will break one if we keeping feeding him.
otherness: not faith or race but his cool detachment, intellectual distance + oblig to global v. us responsibilities
birtherism is out but complaining that pbo albacore is still good huh? good to see ur returning to ur roots alex
was originally thinking intel 750 or samsung 950 pro, but those'd probably be wasted. maybe will go with intel 600p now. bonus: cheaper!
still glad i went with a $330 used lenovo workstation instead of a $3300 new broadwell-e build, though. easy upgrade later.
guess i gotta hire some security
the king from bk does appearances
that reporter who said that is part of the vast right wing conspiracy! right, alex?
he's a wikileaks fan and a bit of kook it seems. he doesn't speak for the clintons.
new. full details on the inactives for today's dolphins at new england:
dl must pressure all day. ol must keep tanny upright, minimize mental errors and we'll compete today
unfortuantly most of this community can't stick quests and would rather grind out 5.4bil xp ;/
next question is about what people would like to see more of. i think "character-driven" was cited for the evil dave quest.
do these asshats know how hypocritical they sound, i couldn't live with myself
nope they currently are hoping xbox 1st party titles won't hit 4k native.they are a cancer
spot on! the look for things to rationalize their fears &amp; can't see who is manipulating them. great marketing for daesh
it's astonishing, isn't it? but then again, it's been a deplorable election year, especially for anything resembling the truth.
happy birthday
thank you
i don't entirely know what you expect out of him as proof that he's here. what would convince you?
had a nice chat w/him friday as diego brought him 2 dhs room dedication. seemed positive. taking english lessons :)
i really do pity you. luke 5:31
does it intrigue you that's one page from where i'm reading this morning..
really ?!? i was going to buy it
it's not horrible just hard to blend with the beauty blender takes more time than regular foundation lol
what are you doing every night? - lol doing homework or just chillin watching my show
funny how someone asked me this i have trouble sleeping sometimes i know geez
scomiche b&amp;w saga: part 2
scomiche b&amp;w saga: part 3
i really do pity you. luke 5:31
let me have a look brb
as president, i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you, the american people!
your a stupid man or monster more correct
yo that shit makes me wanna schmoney dance fr fr
deadass son, i vibe with that shit hard
you can't watch something and do homework?!
heeellllllll no
i've noticed in the fandom ppl wanna fuck shiro guy he looks. ok. venom snake is better tho he's not beefy enough 4 me
this was literally my thought all weekend at otakon.
13 mins (and whatever extra time gaa need to engineer a draw and a replay )
got it. tough to listen, would be better to see it. you're home or in a bar somewhere?!
maybe when they're in loss vegass i stole that from someone
are they seriously gonna go to vegas? lol.
good luck traveling alone. you know what happens when we split up.
guess we'll find out at the cruise...not flying or cruising together....be afraid!
. on hotel event: "the press is angry because it got punked. it got played yet again"
they have a right to be angry....but they should outsmart him and get even!
i saw the ghost busters car last night downtown and i thought i drunkenly hallucinated it but
i have no idea if this is actually the ghost busters car but they kept yelling that they were so i went with it
if i'm the detective and i'm working the chelsea bombing case i don't focus on islam or gamergate. i focus on fashion institute students.
the legions of attractive people at fit have turned violent.
suspect shouts allah akbar, asks victims if they're muslim, but chief won't say it's terrorism.
with this kind of cowardice, we all are sherlock holmes.
not 100% sure but i believe this, from may 2014, may be the last time cuomo and bdb had a joint presser.
there was that one extremely awkward ebola one, i think.
hope to see the guys again one day
me too ,i missed them when they came to mohegan sun.
same thing i'm saying... but i guess i'm crazy as always and i always got an attitude for no reason
don't think 2 deep into it. well talk later
was the danny elfman music from the t. burton movies reused for this series? or did you add it? batman returns is a fave of mine
it is a variation on the theme written by elfman for burton's movies.
hello texas
if you make it over to ft. worth, you gotta try love shack...best burger i had while visiting
if told us she has a pissbag, it would still be hateful to bring it up?
sorry. no time for this foolishness. god bless you.
but keep calling those people wizards or gurus. that should be enough for them.
has any major newsroom not bled devs after they realize there's one promotion total?
in cases in which we are one of the few non-racists in our blood families, we are often scapegoated &amp; even exiled. literally or emotionally.
for discussions w/ non-relatives, hardcore white racists brand you as a race-traitor. very entrenched psychology. paranoid.
. lovely meeting you last night. enjoy the remainder of your trip here.
right back at ya {{}}
the japanese dwarf flying squirrel
they are so pretty
what's your reasoning for not looking into nissan or hyundai? both offer options for third row w/o much over all $$$$$.
pilot for the outlets and usb like 7 total. explorer for big'ish turbo engine. drove one x-country and loved it.
clarification: trump aide says "clinton campaign" started "birther" movement
fact checking the guest and tweeting a correction would be too much for you to do right? is a liar
"that quote didn't come from the ass in front of me in human democrat centipede so it's not true!"
i repeat: find a statement by hillary or her staff that pushed birtherism. never happened.
you as well. wishing you the best and hope all your family and friends are ok.
and i wish the same to you
i'm pretty sure its on by default, but that it can be turned off. at least in some models, i'm sure. probably buried in some menu
i found those menus and turned off all the unhelpfully-named (cinemotion!) options and it didn't change anything. i can't not care.
john kasich is calling 4 trump to apologize to obama over birtherism claims | huffpost
i can hear trump already "kasich is a loser. terrible person. he has no idea what i am doing, etc............................."
this map is not impossible to imagine.
tom james for prez
next question is about what people would like to see more of. i think "character-driven" was cited for the evil dave quest.
now to rate quest proposals on a scale of 1 to 10. this part, by itself, is fine. this is what i want more information on.
my son aaron and my baseball glove. happy birthday aaron. this 1st year has been such an amazing journey. 9/12/15
omg! happy birthday aaron
what's your reasoning for not looking into nissan or hyundai? both offer options for third row w/o much over all $$$$$.
grew up next to nissan plant, so dislike them for personal reasons.
even when you spoon feed them facts they don't get it. google orly taitz. that should keep you busy.
orly taitz is a republican lunatic. nothing to do with hillary.
he is right. you are lap dogs. there is no equivalency
lets see him do an in depth piece on the haiti rebuild effort and who the players were in billions gone!
now, let's take some q's for a bit. go!
corey coleman, kevin white or eli rogers as my wr2, im leaning coleman
and kills journalists. are you nuts?
dinesh d'dumb as hell
33 lives all they have are today many till noon
pls. share! pls help, they shouldn't die for being homeless!
now to rate quest proposals on a scale of 1 to 10. this part, by itself, is fine. this is what i want more information on.
i want to see the cumulative scores or the average, like those green, yellow, and red bars they were showing for everything else.
we will be playing re7 demo today but... not before having a live stream talk show on re7 theory and reddit findings
can't wait dude!! gotta work today but will be dropping in here and there to add my 2 cents.
she really won't lol but it's cool. better to have and not need than to need and not have
look for donation places, or a family member preggo right after you guys. it's def a blessing.
how many more americans have to die before you see that islam is our enemy?
they know those are there friends wake up america clinton and obama are musulmanes
i might be sam for halloween
dont do this
hey how far from seaside park are you?
3 miles or thereabouts. we go through there all the time on the way to ibsp for clamming or exploring.
but you have the same flight home from cruise
well yeah... but we,aren't sitting together (just in case i'm not speaking to her lmao )
funny...none of the families of the "people of honor" you speak of support hillary. not one.
you're obviously off your meds so i'll get back to more serious conversations and have a good laugh at you in nov.
all religions require mindless followers.
i cant agree with this one. my religion is all about thinking for your self but not just of yourself. :-)
better get ready will explode onto the small screen on download from 6 oct &amp; vod, dvd &amp; blu-ray on 10 oct
show of the year imo.
what should i ask my dad to bring me from haiti?
star fruit &amp; mangos
i hope she has the outfit...
i love your new icon!
wait... i found some good seats in philly on vivid seats for $89 yummm
what's vivid seats ?
trump is a crazy conspiracy theorist, clinton is not. kind of an important contrast for voters. no?
this the same clinton that made speech about putin controlling alexjones pepe n breitbart?
this lady will be held accountable if trump wins!! i wouldn't want to be her!!
went on show and lied through her face. should be ashamed.
beer is nasty to me period no matter what kind i've tried
you're a female what do you know
otherness: not faith or race but his cool detachment, intellectual distance + oblig to global v. us responsibilities
used to respect you, but association with them has corrupted you into transparently double-talking just like the rest.
some will never forgive him for being smart and getting as much money as he could in this business.
i love revis but that's horse shit
multitasking - woman on stilts breastfeeding and carrying a jug on her head , smithfield decretals
i wonder what the text says.
money so i can have a 6-foot painting of myself. you ok w/ that?
where's that article? did he really do that? where's the proof and maybe
along with the terrorists the army should also kill those human rights activists who rant defending terrorists
every jaichand also must be killed,let them go to hell.
microsoft word 2007 template. smh...
is it? somehow that makes it even better...
hillary clinton is struggling to gain traction in florida, despite her spending there
r u surprised in a basket like ours? things have to get worse before we learn anything and try sensibly to make things better
yes and somehow i need to fit it in with monday errands and lucifer premier. argh. stress.
i know, i hate that they are on opposite
totally. feels like exile at times
most of the people in ny r not from ny same with la . why move to amsterdam was dh business there
money so i can have a 6-foot painting of myself. you ok w/ that?
i would if it's my own money how do you know it's others people money
refusing to name it means you are aiding and abetting it.
is there some sort of clock ticking down where if we don't label it this very moment we're all doomed? why so impatient?
finally got my hands on 's book and looks like i won't be able to put it down. such a page turner.
i should write a book 'the downstairs husband'
ooooh i had to read it another 5 times.
hah same. brain has built in auto-correct sometimes.
i feel like we are becoming lol
we ate the creepy hallway girls from the shining???
i want to see the cumulative scores or the average, like those green, yellow, and red bars they were showing for everything else.
there's a decent mix of fifth and sixth age, with no dragonkin on the list.
it's crazy how people could hate me and i don't even know them
love &amp; hate go together bro
i hope he's liking it. that's a lot of tv otherwise.
i still suggest checking out the highlights from a few top 10 lists and saving the rest for a rainy day
i didn't say that i don't remember. i asked which rt you're referring 2. didn't ask u 2 do any research,.what's ur problem?
you should know what you're retweeting... don't you think?
i'd understand if the jets were on. blacking out afc games so ppl have to watch giants is cowardly.
if the giants or jets are playing at home, they will be the only game on at the time in the ny area
thanks!! i wish a good sunday to you !!
great picture and thanks
ty stef. you outdo yourself with your insightfulness.:)
i know, homeopathy is pretty damn stupid. can't dilute that down!
we want to help, is this for your verizon wireless, fios, or dsl or high speed internet? ^adp
it's for wireless
hey man it's seamoose123 and i'd like to tell you thx for streaming today it was really entertaining to watch u play
thanks for hanging out!!!
its simple only if you're a poker player! are you voting for trump &amp; affraid to tell anyone?
you gotta add "trump &amp; proud" option mike. not obvious that a no to your question
i did come across some video of him dancing which had the name "tina" in the title and i didn't understand... glad to know now haha
also i wanted 2 ask you : there were some reports that adam was bar mitzvahed when those pictures were taken in jerusalem. true?
6 winning seasons in 22 seasons head coaching..who am i?
jeff fisher? i didn't feel like doing research... just guessed
would love to meet after the show in cologne today!!!
we don't play until paris !
wow...bitches!
yes but not skinny bitches
pls share, they only have today! many til 12n
pls. share! pls help, they shouldn't die for being homeless!
i'm done, may god have mercy on your soul.
well i'm not... still reading...
they've got him at duane reade for $20, if you want me to grab him
tempting but i should probably pass
does this dude have on a damn choker??? wtfs around his neck?
yes he is wearing a choker......
i don't blame him, i would've done the same.
have you ever met an israeli? i imagine you would think differently if you met one.
he's my fantasy qb so he better do something
dude same, also the best qb in the league! have faith
yooo they hate me so much but it's an honest mistake why are they so cranky lmao
lmao they threatened jasmine once for trying to sneak my friend in lmao
they are in for a long 3 or 4 years
they made this bed, time to sleep in it
there's a decent mix of fifth and sixth age, with no dragonkin on the list.
the sixth age quests are dimension of disaster 2: falador, elder gods, godless, death of chivalry 2, and rite of passage.
amazing event today! thanks for letting me shoot! !
good looks my brothers!
i'm so happy to be at the social good summit in new york today and tomorrow.
you never tell me when you're here!!
hey pat goldenhead thanks for liking my tweet. i really appreciate all engagement!
hey and i'm still waiting for our epic story
umm i'm not eating anyone!
sorry... lmao oops
my brothers lay in these coffins. their color is red, white and blue. they'll never enjoy another football game
morning gunny, i like nfl football but i love my country! the tv's in my vfw will not be on nfl.
kanyewest's photo
kanye west is extremely film twitter
so florida players stopped getting into trouble after urban left?
that isn't the point...meyer knew these things and let things go...that was my only pt..coach terrific recruiter terrific
arcadia. this is where i last left off, before getting distracted and not finishing.
just started playing again myself !
i would see it with you if i was there
it's ok enjoy florida and will pour one out for u
hey honey are safe thinking about you xx
hello sweetie! all is safe over here. called my chelsea friends &amp; they're safe too. hugs to you, miss and budgie
democrats are the most corrupt people in the us.
corruption is on both sides eisenhower was the last republican i could have voted for.iran contra.
the media gave donald trump platform to push racist birtherism for years, they can't let him sweep it under the rug:
- it will b/c don't care about the truth - only interested in headlines for ratings
the sixth age quests are dimension of disaster 2: falador, elder gods, godless, death of chivalry 2, and rite of passage.
if they keep with that colored bar format, then this would be where rite of passage would rank low.
scomiche b&amp;w saga: part 3
scomiche b&amp;w saga: part 4
dear people freaking out about trump: robert strauss is gonna drop some knowledge of presidential history up in hya
you know what's actually "scary" liberals? an unforceful response to a financial crisis
oh. i get it now. the one device was a hammer. got it.
great point lmao
, sending you random love today! hope you had a great one
hiiiiiiii thanks for the love
isn't she so bomb in person too? i was like
i didn't realize it was her til she walked away. i was like waitttttt that's her
bring home a w. duda is staring at 1b
got the kingman shirt on
credit card churners have a new favorite credit card. via
it's funny because churners can't get it (at least with the sign up bonus) since the 5/24 rule is enforced.
there's a scene in batman v superman where "anybody in prison who has a batman brand is a target." how does that make sense?
criminals are an obedient and brand-centric lot
we need this sweep. those damn redbirds are still alive in this wc race. i'm not having it.
i will tell them
are you going to be playing wow again? i am really considering getting legion.
already am. been level 110 for a day or so and grinding the end-game.
i hope we all appreciate the irony of people who demanded several birth certs from obama needing no hard evidence that blumenthal pushed it.
mcclatchy surely has the evidence of the reporter they sent to look at all the public records in the entire country of kenya.
watch: cnn's tapper hammers christie for falsely claiming trump wasn't pushing birther issue
a huge apology is owed to president re the birther issue from donald trump and to brush it off is disgusting
do u guys have footage of her performance??
it was not professionally recorded...
what are you even talking about.........i don't "sound personally hurt" bcus i'm not. idek why i'm giving this the time of day.
neither do i. toddles nice chat. when the real facts come in i'm sure you'll be the first to know
sept 24. one way dtw-atl (she's staying w a soror for a few days). early afternoon, delta ( best handicapped assistance)
ok. i found something cheaper but it isn't with delta i'll send what i can to help. prayers are already going up.
if they keep with that colored bar format, then this would be where rite of passage would rank low.
so take this list and combine it with choosing between fifth age and sixth age.
some people actually believe a real estate heir/reality show host is better equipped to handle terrorism than a former secretary of state.
yes marlowe,but we're tired of for 1% profit wars&amp;domination. "america the country that loves a"cucking"from banksters",not realy
once again you risk your non profit status. i am keeping a long journal for the prosecution
lol - a joke right
americans should b concerned over media their dishonesty, 1 day they may find us breaking down their front door
for decades they brainwash americans who do not think for themselves. they count on them to defend them
i dared to shared thoughts about compassion last night and then went to bed. i woke up with far-right hatemongers still at it
humanity could evolve if we could only learn to disagree with respect and civility.
our particular specialization is a game of lateral moves until spot opens up
buckle up to become a "senior archigineer in residence v 2.0"
yeah that tweet was ass. ouuu is getting annoying tho
it sounds better when kiss raps on it. it made me realize how hot the beat is for some reason.
i mean the guy is old and clearly on a decline hopefully he can be half of what lopez was at this point
him &amp; lopez are totally diff players. "half of lopez" is insane. much easier guy to play with
also many places take some kind of prepaid debit system, but won't do proper cc
right. leading indicator here would be accessible cc adoption v. dc (and associated cash on delivery) but stats i didn't realize.
smh @ me next time! i'm always the bad guy
no need to @ you you peep everything
wouldn't hating america be unamerican? you're deflecting. i don't like many republican positions, but don't say they hate america.
no, hating america is your right as an american. and republicans don't america - or they'd vote for democrats.
nike sb x 917 collection
that polo shirt is nice
this is a lie perpetuated by the , which has endorsed . is not anti-gun.
trump is an abomination
so take this list and combine it with choosing between fifth age and sixth age.
choose the age to focus on, and then see what's more popular in that age. i could see this being what led to menaphos winning.
yes marlowe,but we're tired of for 1% profit wars&amp;domination. "america the country that loves a"cucking"from banksters",not realy
donald trump was *born into* the 1%
i want a small packet for like a week or 2 so when i get $$$ i can just buy the real deal on line , feel me??
ok since. none of yall were answering me, i did my research and found out they only have it vitamin shoppe so ya
nate told me last night that tim miller is the kanye west of illustration.
i'm glad i made such a positive impression!
there you go. buy a flores t shirt
or granderson the 4th batter in the lineup who tied and won the game
nothing like seeing wild boar up on the peak. hong king just keeps on surprising.
i might be coming out there again in a few weeks!
catherine made them yesterday
i know i saw, it was her snap that put me in the mood for them might just make them later
do you know about push and provisioning profiles? trying to work something out. (can we connect off of twitter to discuss?)
heh, i do. it's still awful, and just a joke.
those entitled millennials, right?
there are no words. i thought i was writing fiction.
some people actually believe a real estate heir/reality show host is better equipped to handle terrorism than a former secretary of state.
i'm for the central banks "sensible" option, bernie. and, those damn jesuits better get a move on
choose the age to focus on, and then see what's more popular in that age. i could see this being what led to menaphos winning.
...as well as the very next question being about exploration updates. these might be the subjects of the expansions.
when's the last time the cowboys wore blue jerseys at home? will those be double star throwbacks/color rush?
thanksgiving vs eagles in 2014
lol it's so true. gotta put that "white" in quotation marks lol
people always forget that. that we very literally can't have pure whites.
hung out with a great cat yesterday. hit all my buttons: stump tail, very small, let a child place toys on her head, stole fried chicken.
she is giving me so much shade rn. the attention went to her head
one generation's painfully acquired mistrust of life is fortunately neither understood nor credited by the next. -stefan zweig
what exactly do you mean by this mistrust of life?
yes, that's two states
thats not 2 states me2 is a district, he only has to win a district in me to get electoral vote
there hasnt been another plane attacker like 9/11 because of increased security and rules and only 3or4 people died in boston
you honestly think terrorists will abide by gun laws? tell me how paris &amp; munich happened, gun free cities, am i right?
as i said, i don't want either one. using clinton's negatives to excuse trump's negatives is not ok.
- then the issue for you if you don't vote is " live with what you get and don't bitch"
does your consetition allow that or does that matter any more?!?
constitution* just have my money in 10 and 5 notes ready in three months.
gary johnson just said on that he's grateful no one got hurt in explosion in which people were hurt.
that's some good stuff......i think he's still smoking.
past democrat leaderslike obama has risen crime, lowered education, and donenothing about isis
after iraq,we had to trim down our expense.we can't borrow from china to fight wars any more. $19t
oh no did anyone get hurt
26 people got injured i think but no one died. it was really minor
this is why is kneeling! this pos only got 30days for fucking a white kid but blacks are gunned down?
someone did this to a 2 year old recently too.
when i read this i thought u were saying you saw beyonc throw up a hotdog then hop a fence into your hotel hahahah
that wouldve been even better
he's really having a good couple weeks here
puff puff pass
this bitchass lady asked for 4 shots so i made sure i put 4 because i know shes a bitchass lady then she has the audacity to tell me
"are u sure you put 4 shots?? i only taste 2." how??? how u taste the number of shots?? please tell me
because their husbands either are cheating on them or don't fuck them anymore and are terrified of aging
this bitchy white woman next to me woke me up to tell me to turn my music down. like are u kidding me lady
i'm guessing she watches only fox and alt right media.
are you talking to me? because i don't own a tv sooo.... no...
trump on disgusting media: "i could name every one of them that are that way, and i - and probably some day i will."
i hope when that one day arrives nobody will care. "remember that crazy guy who ran for president? i just read in the news ..."
you're the first person that came through social media with this issue. we apologize for your experience. ^ard
apology appreciated but can you offer actual support?
can someone tell me what happened to dion lewis?
he had another knee surgery will be back around week 10
loving this thread, especially the centipede stuff
i shouldn't indulge this lunatic.
used to have a bunch of $12,000ish fiat abarths in their inventory. now they don't. this is disappointing
hi matt, we add dozens of cars to our inventory every day. hope you keep checking us out!
scomiche b&amp;w saga: part 4
scomiche b&amp;w saga: part 4
"it's not your crime scene..." "aw c'mon chief we never get to take the truck out. we are bored."
huge shout-out to new york's nicest
my reaction video would be awful. basically me rocking in a small panic that we still had to play defense for 90 seconds.
oh well there was also a lot of that where we were
close! lupus has four skin manifestations.
faryal is typically a girl's name - never heard if being used for a boy :p
otherness: not faith or race but his cool detachment, intellectual distance + oblig to global v. us responsibilities
that is not what you said, sir. i watched live and jumped up. race and religion baiting. pure and simple.
pls. share! pls help, they shouldn't die for being homeless!
pls. share! they want to live!
you should be able to answer a simple question, don't you think? i rt a lot. which rt are you referring to?
look back on your retweets... the ones you feel so passionate about to tweet, find which one...not my job to defend your tweets
a called have defeated more than 200 bad gun lobby bills since .
trumps are a clan.
well it's low hanging fruit but i had to.
fyi they were already doing that f1 nonsense when i was there. also, they love me.
donald trump was *born into* the 1%
i know, he's a mental case marlowe, but banks are being unrealistic! after 8 yrs of pain more fraud?, no.
this sheith commission i did came out nicely
this is perfect
someone find draco the mua for me please.
draco banga? this is his ig
cartagena sep 26 27 seats in colombian congress for farc without democratic elections thanks to obama
transition from armed group to political party is essential for lasting peace after any conflict. no difference here.
these odell beckham wigs the giants are passing out are pretty funny.
looks like a bad chia planet grow thingy.
so, to all the nyu kids posting about how they're safe and how they're so scared cause it was so close to their dorms, stop lol
i feel like people have every right to be scared when a bomb goes off ten minutes away from them.
demons don't die on their own, unfortunately
demon should be in a hospital, but would rather give up her health than her campaign.
an ethical one child policy? and what do you do about the quiverfull folk
very sharp sliding scale tax, adjusted to income.
then there's mark penn and the rest of the 2008 campaign:
find one quoting questioning obama's birth.
but, msm has committed malpractice in not airing out these things
now you're changing the subject, good diffraction i admire it
apparently they made them a nice offer, i could definitely see it happening. plus it's only a 3.5 hour direct flight for me
that's nice!!
i know a couple people out here with androids that are still forced to do this.
lmaoo these androids users need to be stopped
dear racist, xenophobes: stop using events in our city to push your hateful ideology &amp; agenda. we do not agree with you. thanks.
u are a delusional fool! who exactly is "we"? you don't speak for all of nyc! was terror. period!
but we just look better
true....people still think i'm in my late 20s
you know what's actually "scary" liberals? an unforceful response to a financial crisis
wake me up when trump inappropriately pressures supreme court justices
then there's mark penn and the rest of the 2008 campaign:
find one quote questioning obama's birthplace.
got me rethinking this whole diet life . . photo by:...
never disappoint and always look stunning
time and place?
7:30 williamsburg
in fact, the more effective the argument against a racist belief system = the greater the retreat into it the brittle irrationality of it.
"brave loser" syndrome: form of stupidity with bitter, self-delusional short-term payoff vs. acknowledging wrong in long-term.
doing some college work. out for a bit then will do some graphics.
i could use a thumb if you are free, no rush
wow! post-race lamb ribs at in cambridge. fan of lamb!
those look rediculous!
i think we can all agree that we're back to classic trump after a brief, forgettable interlude of new trump.
can't wait for crystal trump!
eye witness testimony backed by actions consistent with the story is hard evidence
u r bad at facts
just discovered there is no eagle emoji. sad!
history has vindicated ben franklin though
how was it?
definitely go see it. i liked it.
you really believe that don't you? how sad that i can't express my opinion without being accused of hating america.
if you love america so much, why do you want to change it?
i've eaten by myself. i've been known to drink by myself. i plan on leveling up by going to an aycd brunch by myself.
i'm putting my money where my mouth is.
i am now ranked second best yoyoer in the united states. dreams do come true :,)
do you have any videos? i'm curious what championship level yo-yo ing looks like
all bars should be floating bars. @ shela, lamu...
try the frying pan in nyc!
cheney's role model was nero. 'mike pence says his role model for vice president is dick cheney'
mike pence opts for dick cheney as his role model, a war criminal as a role model ? didn't i tell you pence was palin stupid !
the face i make whenever you talk in fantasy football group chat
watch me put up another 100 piece this week , take notes
did someone just hack 's 2fa? just got spammed by about 20 sms codes before it shut down.
see above tweet. spammed by 2fa codes now unable to access my account.
if i were to get a tat , where should i have it ?
i think for you, it would look best on your back, either on your left/right shoulder blade.
especially when you get a beat down, right alex?
is that how you interpret it? yikes!
you better go see ye! it's a great show
you went???
am i right that trump himself is not doing any sunday shows today?
correct. just his surrogates
why wordpress? does the registration system require the cms of wordpress?
i think they want to use wordpress because there are preexisting plugins.
...needing to be some unknown area
true. with the desert quest option, there was more in menaphos' favor. the skull might have to wait on the arc part 2.
no evidence of international terrorism in manhattan explosion, but second device found
workplace violence
. i took this pic 4 u yday omw 2 a couples massage 4 my 5 yr anniversary. it's 2 words 4 vagina lol
heh heh it sure is!
clarification: trump aide says "clinton campaign" started "birther" movement
- i think it's time to look at other streaming sources of media beyond the top 5 since you only look for the "headline grabbers"
show of hands, how many patients at have had the luxury of participating in a constructive debate with your medical team?
i wish i could talk to more than one part of my team at a time. consult notes only go so far!
sorry to hear about the delay. while you wait, pls follow/dm your confirmation # for review. *ng
"the art of the downplay" via
some vpotus this guy would make! cannot control his own wife! how about the usa?
image in tweet looks photo-shoped. not fan of kaine, but image doesn't look it is from a real tweet
i was truly miserable. i don't just turn the radio off very often.
that's good to hear. anything to push the likes of you away makes me very happy
i no longer subscribe to organized religion but i believe in
subscribe to
good day for organizing in alabama.
im so proud of our amazing alabama vols and fellows you are putting the action in
probably the character who pretends to be someone else.
oh i haven't gotten that far in the book yet. there is a charming peddlar jeremiah who comes to the house-that guy?
i'm now supporting even more by pledging 15.00 a month on pateron
thank you so much james!!!
ok and you babe?
ready for bed :)
for look close &amp; these are american looking for honest small gov
can't re-tweet , site's been censored. twitter remember 1st amendment
some girls are just too fucking weird i don't get it haha
listening to guy friends talk about other chicks sometimes i'm like where the hell did you find that one hahahah psychos
when management says it's okay to colour your hair silver/grey
anfkskfkakxks i cant wait to see that on you.
do not miss the saturday six this week (or any week) and team nailed it! we'd buy every piece of that merch
is it an outlet report? if not, i'm not interested.
oan your nyc posts...thank you. i read this yesterday and it drove me wild
i just read this article this morning... total bs. he wants to create a "suffering" experience...just the worst...
yes, because bill weld is clearly the driving force of voters looking at gary johnson
at least he has a functioning conscience! those are normally purely vestigial in politicians.
i think i know a zeta from literally every texas school
i guess the drug cartels have infiltrated texas colleges.
chuck todd letting this slide. nbc fire chuck todd move on petition.
did not want to push her back. is horrible.
u hibernatin?
shit more like hibernating right now so i can ball out in the winter
just common sense lopez is better then noah right now really no way around it but i guess will see
absurd comment. not common sense. completely diff players
bring it on and we will send you to hell
u both should take your fight elsewhere, people of subcontinent are tired of this
morning at with .
jealous. i seriously woke up this not morning lamented the absence of waffle houses in new york.
for look close &amp; these are american looking for honest small gov
retweet with pic
yes, i'm the creepy adult who waits alone in line to meet my pals! and they love signing my ipad!
not creepy!!! i would do the same!! yolo
wake me up when trump inappropriately pressures supreme court justices
or, even worse, allows abraham lincoln to get elected
virginia sen. tim kaine: the fight against isis has "dramatically improved" since 2015
has the nyc blast been proven to be isis?
amazing, only in pc america.... "a pressure cooker with wires"... you mean a bomb?!?!
how much do you wish it were a gas chamber u anti semite piece of dog shit?
marinated my meat for the bbq for 2 days.. 2 days! let that sink in...
that's some serious marinating
apples/oranges
can you please discuss the economics of a "free upgrade" on slate money?
if a good man was carrying but didn't see anyone place the bomb, i'm unsure how would it have helped
i think the guns come with super powers.
why would you crop / filter such a great photo whhhhhyyyyyyyyy
the original is fine and just needs more editing but whhhhyyy
change it? where did i say that i wanted to change it?
then what exactly do you need "hope" for? "hope" for what? the status quo?
u referred 2 a specific rt, i'm asking which 1 you're referring 2. not asking u to defend anything.
i'm not defending anything i asked a simple question and you can't answer it..don't retweet things you can't hold an opinion to
we can often tell by employee count and traffic dropping off... but it takes awhile
i have a couple good bankruptcy rss feeds i can share
happy birthday louie lovey you!
woo hoo! bouncing birthday boobs
when dreams become a reality. placed 11th out of 40 top ifbb pro's - second call out - time to push on now!!
good for you. also this...
what's the horse shit part? the business of making money or something else?
he is not a loyal person
i'm not risking anything on thomas unless very desperate. you shouldn't be here.
todd gurley or rashaad jennings non ppr
next set is about prestige (nope) and finding out about updates. this seems more for skilling.
more system updates. i say "wowscape" yesterday, so i think these questions in particular would point to that.
mike pence: the vp i most admire his dick cheney...ponder that for a minute ...
yep !!! pence is palin stupid. cheney who can't set foot on foreign soil for fear of being arrested for war crimes. not even canada
she luv toast
did it for the drunchies
that's a wrap-- lemme know what you liked &amp; disliked about today's
no one cares about and media you just feed the narrative that has nothing to do with policy
i'm always so nice to him, i don't understand.
think about the many times i texted you and you just ignore me
ah, the frozen soundtrack is playing at work. just what we need to hear
you can't be mad at that
are you talking to me? because i don't own a tv sooo.... no...
you get all your biased news from a tv? or do you also go online???
60 minutes in 2013: "longer this war in syria goes on, in some sense, the better off we are"
i've heard same digusting "let them all kill each other" sentiments. doesn't work. leads to regional/global insecurity.
every time i see a quote from a police union about anything related to black people it's always about themselves, not who they protect
basically i'm saying that policemen in america are acting like "it's always about me i'm always the victim" aka taylor swift feelings
last day of my 20s...feels weird!!
happy dirt thirty m8, welcome to the club
congratulations to , will we see the ggg fight in 2017?
saul and de la hoya are afraid to fight ggg for various reasons.that's the bottom line.plain and simple.
remember when some people suggested could've been the next bill buckley? me neither.
not even the next kathryn lopez
well yeah bc one is better then the other and doesn't miss games and the other one misses lots of games
&amp; one can make his teammates better &amp; the other is a black hole
this is beautiful
really amazing set proving again you have just the right touch. listened last night after "night clubbin' we're night clubbin'"
yep. i've been to all his shows. never disappointed.
i know i saw him &amp; jay for wtt. i was dying &amp; that wasn't 1 of his best shows
alexis was always such an inspiring person! i cant believe alexis is gone.
i know :( she definitely was an inspiration - so sad :(
stop y'all about to have me cry
we miss u pumpkin nothing is the same without u
and the last playoff win was when?
as expected you move the goalposts
if you came to my tl to argue about nothing and go in circles you can see your way out of my mentions now. thanks!
i think you're driving us in circles because you can't back up your own tweet
and this has the audacity to say "theres should be more..relax" after i called her ass out.fade of fuckin sight hoe
i think your first issue is the fact you're willing to pay money to see yg
fielding some serious anti-semitism from a supporter in my inbox right now. subject line: "kike"
- stomp him out
i feel like hell. here's a shameless plug for my novel. read it already? please review!
you got it
of course! sorry if i annoyed with all my questions lol
actually they helped a lot to keep the stream interesting sobit was good.
and that's before the most stressful extra point of my life.
surely someone on the club soccer team can join the team by next week right?
what does this have to do with trump?
trump is not responsible for any of this.just his statements.we can't allow cyclist fly fighterpln
india should come out from bollywood.
why stinky indians always blame pak whenever they get shagged. india must stop genocide of kashmiris-&gt;core issue
if i were to get a tat , where should i have it ?
i've noticed that you like to wear sleeveless tops, so a tat on either of your shoulder blades would look really good on you.
hillbilly designation is intriguing. clearly she does not go to appalachia often. perhaps referencing a lesser part of the hamptons?
she was trying to make the point that i was unsophisticated and gullible to liberal lies
finish off your weekend with our warm cookies &amp; honeyed milk. the perfect sunday evening supper
how do you make honey milk?
omg yes, it hits me once i get up. i'm like . wine is so good though.
i feel it's the best high.
trump used charity money to buy portrait, hung in his golf club. that is illegal.
do you know what else is illegal..wait wait i'll just let you google the clinton foundation
classified waste
what many batlabels end up being. hush hush, batman!
someone say rop?
oh no, i think i just got it delayed!
feel like talking mattermark/vc trends for 2k founders/vcs? we're closing the speaker lineup and you're on our wishlist.
would love to hear more, drop me a note danielle.com
w isn't in this one. we still doing nonsense? what fun!
talking about hillary who owes huge favors to the arab nation for the 94.3% of their foundation money she kept for herself....
god bless and yours!!
love america,we bleed red, white &amp;blue
the mill is probably out by the compost toilet
tunnels should have run through penance area.
talks about her new and impactful show chelsea does on read more:
uses comedy for good!
what a team. rooney. bailly. zlatan. pogba. mourinho.
i was told to not even bother and that has the league sewn up.
i'll keep reading till i pass out because of exhaustion from yesterday. sorry for being quiet
it's alright.
rising temperatures are making life in tropical cities precarious for the poor via
have them move to the usa
washington wizards point guard john wall is on the dallas sideline before the game --...
good, he's a loser like the cowboys
otherness: not faith or race but his cool detachment, intellectual distance + oblig to global v. us responsibilities
that just isn't what that word means
i mean yah i'm fine i'm just really emotional this morning for some reason????
okay girl well if you need me hit me up
hey tweeps, how many times have you been accused of hating america? how does it make you feel?
lol, never. it's glaringly obvious to anyone who knows me i love this country. how 'bout you?
i'm guessing she watches only fox and alt right media.
oh no! and since i don't have a tv it means i don't watch fox news a lot
it seems like almost everyday there's something about a bomb or explosion trending all over social media. it's sad.
and in the meantime our government and their poppets are so concern about global warming. sickening!!!!
by obeying law leader jerry's laws, humans will be good humans. be a good human. pet jerry. feed jerry.
i can't wait till you're safely away from good humans.
who was he supposed to be loyal to? in this business?
he held out 3 times in 5 years. he went above &amp; behind looking out for himself
i'm guessing she watches only fox and alt right media.
there goes your argument for the uneducated christian debate
rip melletsoakley it was iconic
lmao i know but i really wanted to change it. you like this @ or no ?
i'll keep reading till i pass out because of exhaustion from yesterday. sorry for being quiet
(at this point i'm thinking they should make a survey for a survey with how much i'm nitpicking)
hey guys, really great episode of this week. it was really informative and awesome. well done!
thanks dude !!
you hit him that hard
nah we was walking to the locker room at half and he just swallowed it
sitting on the steps at bk borough hall waiting to hear ocean vuong
love to hear younger, smarter, more talented ppl than myself
happy birthday hope you have a great day !
thanks patrick
you've been an ally and this article just makes me sad. even in its laughable self awareness of its own stereotyping.
yeah has foot in mouth syndrome when it comes to their written pieces. not to mention they're never well written either.
clinton foundation has saved millions of lives vs the zero lives trump foundation saved. that should do it.
so if i save lives i can abuse foundation funds?
hope that we can, all of us, come together as a country. hope that hate and bigotry can finally be overcome.
and hillary is the answer. 50% of us are irredeemable. words of unity, they are.
actually when i studied abroad my roommate was israeli and she was the spawn of satan, so yes i have met an israeli
well i go to school with a lot of israelis and they are fine people.
i'm curious, after finding out itachi's full story, did your perspective change on him at all?
i only said naa because itachi was always that nigga, but i did view him differently
that wearable might accidentally reveal your pin number:
cool article, but i wear my apple watch on my left wrist and enter pin codes with my right hand
clinton foundation has saved millions of lives vs the zero lives trump foundation saved. that should do it.
can i even get a new photo of myself painted
that's a wrap-- lemme know what you liked &amp; disliked about today's
you had an opportunity to give a time-line server to it taking the 5th but you pick to irrvenelant subjects
what does this have to do with trump?
trump's record as a businessman is not one desires,ask mark cuban,warren buffet,bill gates.
clinton foundation has saved millions of lives vs the zero lives trump foundation saved. that should do it.
or maybe i'll just do the normal and avoid taxes with it!
so few would understand that :) most would say why?
even when i think about the hardest race i've ever run when i wanted to quit 100 times...i still loved it!
you guys are off to a good start
don't burn your hand on that piping hot take!
(at this point i'm thinking they should make a survey for a survey with how much i'm nitpicking)
and now for something i think played a huge part in the top 12. now they ask about reworks, and updates in a *two*-month period.
clinton foundation has saved millions of lives vs the zero lives trump foundation saved. that should do it.
trump isn't perfect and neither is clinton....
not my image!
i was referring to the image in this tweet
"we disagree." -sincerely, folks previously uninsured, the dow, osama bin laden, black kids in america, etc..
as someone insured before and after, but now unable to afford any meds and dying, i beg to differ.
also i've long admired pence's integrity. just makes me sad every time i see him out there trying to explain/defend trump.
mr. walsh pencse has no integrity. voted every time against equal pay for women. left 1 faith 4 another 4 more votes. phony
you mean when the ball bounced right off the wr's chest? yeah, totally tanner's fault.
might wanna go back and watch that pick. porter tipped it in the air
i haven't used an iron in a loooongg time! it's perfect! hair gets dry, clothes get de-wrinkled...such a time saver!
and space saver! i believe!!
love watching muslims try to prove the koran was right when it said semen comes from near the backbone
every part of your body is somewhat near your backbone. checkmate.
saving millions of lives isn't illegal.
using donations for things in related to that foundation is
thanks ted.
eww that face! that dark cloud he carries with him. god bless her daughters!
scomiche b&amp;w saga: part 4
scomiche b&amp;w saga: part 5
every reporter should listen to this smart advice from on : back each other up at press conferences. follow-up!
lynn sweet
thanks so much bro!! im not sure its the best club to be in... hahaha
one step closer hahaha xdd
how is an "intentional act" with an explosive device not an act of terror?
it's called the land of make believe. all the liberal pc msm obama/clinton a**wipes live their
and now for something i think played a huge part in the top 12. now they ask about reworks, and updates in a *two*-month period.
i can't remember what they said about reworks, but the size of updates i think is what led to expansions.
as i rich conservative afro-latino, i wonder why liberals always criticizing wealthy poeple?
what does his wealth have to do with what i tweeted?
perhaps, parm, you should pay better attention.
those of us who are paying attention are pretty angry. we're not all trump bots out here
i can't hear announcements in my car. someone pulled e brake? why can't they let us go?
oh man. yea someone pulled an emergency brake and it stopped the train and they had to figure out which car it was to get going
so glad i saw in last night at girl is killing it
thanks gabby!! i'm so glad you came!!
easy schedule but they're playing much better than last year. koeman is a god send
yup. they weren't winning those games last season.
flip the script, "let the patient or rn the next meeting you have. challenge the hierarchy."
flip the script, "let the patient or rn run the next meeting you have. challenge the hierarchy. -lindred greer
no i can go erase my lines and send it to u bc i dont have many
my swag sorry if some of them have lines i did it in ms paint
tv alert! i'll be on the red carpet with and tonight for the ! watch and tmrw!
secretly hoping you have on pants with pockets filled with...
wow texas just got robbed
they would have still lost
dis country so bad makes u wanna go build a bomb shelter &amp; get military artillery but im 2 poor like every1 else ill jus die defenseless
must be scary to be so close to nyc after last night
tell me this is a hoax...what happened to human opinions, judgement, discernment?knowledge, taste? not enough likes?
see "antiformal rayok" by dm shos. *they're back*
scomiche b&amp;w saga: part 5
scomiche b&amp;w saga: part 6
i took your advice: a rating for clinton foundation!
thankful charities like this exist but they use funds just like trump that was the argument
still trying 2 understand how any of this justifies trump abusing potus for 5years.
obviously it doesn't. i hate won't accept muddying the waters on basic facts.
wow. you're right. i literally didn't remember that one. it was a bad loss so you gotta pardon me lol.
yea painful game but we got em back a few weeks later. seems like it was the last time we won a game lol.
happy birthday to my boy rat rat! hope you have a safe and fun birthday my brotha. love you homie!
thanks brotha and love you too see you tonight
that it's ignorant to automatically say isis is responsible or isis did it.
which is why i said point averted, the tweet was joke out of anger and pure sarcasm. it was supposed to be ignant as possible
damn. this ad from clinton
my god, powerful!! who the hell trump is? shame on my party who nominated him. i am embarrassed.
peace be with you
and also with you!!!
after partying with the rich folks, this is what's left for the rest of us.
rich folks? must not include pretend-rich trump then.
i don have madam. sorry.
and thats why u cant flaunt it. she can thobso leave her alone
yk why? cus you keep disappearing. that's why i go chip you
oye.... wdmc
i'm no fan of but i disagree with critique of him today. he was fine on the birther q.
i've been dogging chuck, cuz it's chuck.....i will watch it.
no funds have been abused, that's just a lie from right wing christian voters.
uh oh i'd do some research, love to give you some but i'm about tired of this back and forth
happy birthday bro hope you have a good one . you a real day 1 . be safe fam
thanks bro
long night sweetheart? you wish i was there don't ya?
you bet your sexy ass :) hurry up and get here :)
saw this tweet right on time .
may the force be with you cause it's not located in my zip code
i encountered b4 when i cooked him shepherd's pie journalists'
how can shepherds pie be vegan? it's like you are stealing the name, appropriating.
.: "absolute nonsense" to suggest trump was encouraging violence with comment about clinton's bodyguards.
- your whole team are anarchists no question. not americans. people who support you are well ... the dumbest
bitch you didn't tweet about being emotional when you saw me
relax, that coach is like a 2nd father to me.
great time to be snide isn't it. some people need things spelled out in crayons. so far not islam
"so far not islam.": but then somehow later it always is.
it's way too early yo... way too early for the ignorance.
lol u say that but u kept responding at a rapid speed
week 7 of being idiots. check it out if you have nothing better to do on a satuday night
when i found out you guys still haven't watched daredevil or jessica jones on netflix...
rewind: bochy chooses casilla, gets booed as game unravels: santiago casilla has had a nightmare season, one...
swear i heard one fellow in the 7th sing root root root 4 the giants if they don't win it's probablycasilla's fault ....
no funds have been abused, that's just a lie from right wing christian voters.
thanks for the chat!!!!!!!!!
was that recorded with a nokia?
iphone 6..but it was sent thought text
tablet is running campus week, a great series helping jews make sense of what awaits them at university this year.
my contribution, anti-racism erases anti-semitism, details why jews aren't welcome on the social justice left:
on "when trump lies, let's call it a lie." yes, that's exactly a journalist's job.
unfortunately you have to say it over and over again
india's vast nationalist middle class respects the armed forces and sees pakistan as an incorrigible enemy
hit this paaki- terrorist state hard , do not listen to the west , will alway try to protect this rogue state.
can i watch greys anatomy when i go over?
they all die the end
these sex scenes in power gotta go lol
the new episode is up?!
think you mean nerds haha! &gt;;-) *throws more deur nuts*
such a hipster! &gt;:t *uses it to browse for porn*
or, even worse, allows abraham lincoln to get elected
but what's really unforgivable: he almost let john brown escape the consequences of his out-of-control partisanship
i don't think we can get those anymore. which makes on call totally bullshit if you have a life outside your domicile
i use the tethering from my phone.. but yes, i usually have a plan to head somewhere with wifi should something happen.
not a coincidence that a gathering of white ppl (on fb or otherwise) has far more trump supporters in it than a gathering of anyone else.
i have a step sister in law that happens to be one. she's horrific. through and through.
why did you follow me ?
liked your take on the 7 launch.
i can't wait for rox to play tsm in groups hahaa
.... you seem confused
mike pence tweets viral meme that exposes hillary's criminal timeline
this is the type of thing needs to rt
we have all the supplies just not the mix...... i have chocolate chips
well you can't make pancakes without mix idiot
much easier to watch and follow- home
adding to my confusion: kieran kilkenny!!! fuck me, man! a man called kilkenny playing for dublin!! (i think...)
how has bey been pretty literally since day 1? how??
diet and exercise
because nyc is a giant small town, i've randomly encountered twice in two weeks.
and i'm so happy this has happened! clearly we both have excellent taste in finding fun nyc things.
so proud of improvements mike gesicki made since last year.
night and day difference great growth
it's funny tho that not until my 50s did i write a best-seller. i'm either a slow learner, or getting better with age. not sure.
you couldn't have written the book without the 20 months you spent there.
meek shot up game's car, who cares bout social media lmaooo
you mean stitches
will you still watch the game as the philadelphia eagles kneel during national anthem on monday?
ungrateful freaks
happy birthday baldric bostantino . have a good one &lt;3
thank you!!! rare video of me passing on the legacy of my room.
killary is theonethatgave russia the reset button what is wrong with working with our allies to defeatthreats
putin wants to work with assad,because he will keep buying from assad.he has killed lot of syrians by gas.
yeah man, it's a good one too
on demand or just the damn phone app?
you're an idiot. the economy was the best. that's why all they ever talk about is his sex life.
the tech boom saved the economy for the middle class in the 90s. then the repeal of glass steagal really hit.
god bless you sonia! we are sisters. we are in this together!!
yes we are. stand together, united
they're noises still happening?
noises. random cars driving buy. the porcelain dolls. the list goes on
coming soon @
so close
wtf!!! i hate you so much!!!!!!!!
bring some leche
how much whiter can you get
i also started my day off with a cup of starbucks and i got into my family friend ford and drove to church on sunday morning
it's 4 years today! happy to me!
yeay!!! congrats giulia!!
the left are clueless if they're supporting . that was the reason the tories held a referendum and won the last election.
are refugees not welcome? that's pretty awful.
lol what happen last night in columbus man lol
lol dawg. this shit is nuts
i don't know how y'all find the time to watch tv, it's taken me a week to finish the first episode of this show
more like this is so great
if there is anything like a wilder effect in this election, does anyone doubt it would benefit trump?
eh, if he last couple years have taught me anything it's that white people aren't v ashamed of white supremacy.
's new pint sized heroes line looks amazing. what's your favorite suit out of these?
the batman one
when is the "last" time that a muslim leader or mosque denounced terrorism???
jonathan u r spot on!
i don't care about ff anymore, mostly because i have to choose which stud wr to bench every week &amp; no matter what i'll get it wrong
you the real mvp
they support the occupation and murder of innocent people so maybe your definition of fine people is a bit off
it's a lot more complex than that. that's a huge generalization.
why the hell isn't a pats/fins afc east matchup on tv in nyc?
go watch in the office with ur pal dave
everyone i know can see i love my country. i don't subscribe to the anerica is shit ideology. very few people do.
still waiting for you to name one non-disgruntled dem voting bloc...
the dressing up part is what i hate the most about attending functions
like is it long enough ? is appropriate enough, will i be able to walk around in these shoes *wailei
you with them dabs
no mames hahahahah her eyes about to pop out
but this time it's not "real london"! (wait, is london really like ? is that what you're saying to me rn?)
fortunately it's not, but i take your shots towards a fictional version of my city personally, because we know you hate the brits
i appreciate you. i checked other airlines but she's afraid to board them cause she has special needs. thank you, chrys
you're welcome.
now if they would only guarantee some tascioni appearances...
we can hope! anything w/ is worth watching!
that's definitely not ok, matt. send us details via in-app support and we'll follow up.
i appreciate the response - there appears to be no way to submit a report unless it regards one of my own uber trips.
obama gives everyone on the fence an additional reason to vote for
newsflash to obama: you don't have legacy just catastrophe. obama will make guinness book for worst president
eh, if he last couple years have taught me anything it's that white people aren't v ashamed of white supremacy.
makes me doubt wilder/bradley effects. was probably just bad polling.
i stg... i just posted 7 tweets about the rules for how many rts and i literally just got 5 dm's asking me to do them.... -a
what is wrong with people
shopping while plus size: good luck being plus size and tall: ............wear drapes?
how'd you know? i love wearing the house curtains
highly enjoyed meet'n'beer at 21st amendment with and more. but 24h awake, i'm passing out. gonna be great tomorrow
hope you enjoyed the beer at - i talk it up a lot but it is a top quality brewery
i've wandered into a sp*rs watch party holy moly
what do you think of tottenham?
2 bombs detonated in the ny/nj area, 2 or 3 more found and destoryed... yet no one in charge wants to consider terrorism?
where you get that info?
modi govt moving in right direction to ensure sacrifices of soldiers don't go to waste: amit shah after uri attack
its time up hit these paaki dogs once for all. do not talk peace kick the paaki ambasador out arrest all the kashmiri desh drohis
yeah. suddenly he has a penis.
got it from donald so, tiny.
anyone that has "organizer" in their bio and they aren't a literal organizer(like the kind of desks) is to not be trusted.
he's one of those bike fanatics who moved here trying to tell us all how we should live our lives. foh!
and washington democrats celebrate nyc dumpster bombing
hildy is busy at fundraiser so don't bother her people w the petty idea of terrorism
any link to the presentation ?
all presentation videos will be shared by
the struggles of dealing with petra's neighborhood
you trying to play rocket league i'm trying to fuck up some cars like how mine got fucked up
trump aide blames clinton campaign for "birther" movement
:you accuse of spending 5 years promoting . you just spent 5 minutes rehashing a non-issue!
luce fails to realize that hrc is great part of current problem. failure of ruling class to govern
no question. big media lives in a comfortable bubble away from daily concerns of most people...
i hope you guys still have that thing you found on the beach... see comments i left on alice's instagram
sadly i don't think it was ambergris, if only!
clinton vp: 'irredeemable' is 'not a word i would use' for trump supporters
he looks more drugged up than . lets see his medical records too...
figures .. the only white guy wears a mullett
--- at least it's not circa 1991.
judging by the responses i get on twitter, i'd say she's spot on. you have no idea how many bigoted comments i've seen.
and there you have it. basically most white poeple are irredeemable bigots. that'll bring us together.
canelo understands and speaks english. just doesn't feel comfortable speaking it in public yet. but he should. that would be great.
let's get canelo on your show! what would your 1st 3 questions be?
you got this !!!
thank you!
i can't remember what they said about reworks, but the size of updates i think is what led to expansions.
and here's the question about top twelve updates. out of 40 options, only ten are quests.
dc is making another cavill as superdick of steel movie. why. why does dc hate the world so?
because wb likes money, and for some inexplicable reasons, these zack snyder shitshows make them money.
i'm so happy to be at the social good summit in new york today and tomorrow.
me too! i wonder how many of your followers are here too! big fan of
follow this podcast for season 4, to speculate and commiserate over every twist and turn
already gave away too much in previews
well, cant say for sure obv but reports that he ended relationship, thought they were lovely together
they did look cute together from pics! say the distance didn't help things with filming etc
are people not calling what happened here "terrorist" cuz they don't see ties to an extremist muslim group? cuz it was clearly terrorism
agree man - terrible no matter what - could have been a lot worse
good morning ! how's this for a room balcony view...hot and loving it already
how is it? thinking of going myself.
i love wisterias! :))
they are so beautiful. i like the use of orange/mustard with the lavender color relax!!!
we can't sit idley by when we feel the voting process may be rigged .
go to learn how we can stop hrc
scenes from this week's roadtrip with
woah what's the bridge
leadership book i started reading from . everyone can encourage ela focus.
thanks! lmk if you have any questions or comments along the way!
id rather live outsiiidee!!!
the last two minutes of that song the best part of the whole album
i'm so sorry to hear that. can you please help this awesome customer out?
thanks , seems to be taking the week off? still no contact
leave my nephew please
but it's so dirty outside sis. i can't take it.
deadspin, sjw agenda is to bring football down. kaepernick is a useful idiot. football, despite its flaws, is what's right about america.
dude are you even hearing the words coming out of your mouth? that's an insane take
go eric!! you got this!!!!!!!!!!!! send some love and support!!
thank you!
love sosa is one of the greatest songs of all time
remember when that shit dropped
what does this have to do with trump?
us is the best &amp; largest corp.we can't make trump a ceo because we don't want to be bankrupt.
slater dragged that account i'm crying
sad that it got to him but funny response
hello id like to get in touch about an opportunity what are your details
do you own bunker space or
not too crowded right now at the chase lounge (for chase cardholders).
there's a "chase lounge"?!! tell me more
i just wanted to watch
it's on a lone tv
start the year off right at the first key club meeting this thursday in a211 @ 7:30
send that to msimons at cppmail dot com and we'll run it on the displays for you
where are you?
2nd floor. dml. you?
lmaooo i'm not home right now
get fucking home then
thanks and for organizing another fun oow bridge run!
i opted for a lie in instead :) i should organize a pre run close to hq (and my house)
not without reparations
except for black people aren't the only ones who experience generational poverty? obviously it's disproportionate but maybe we +
hope you had a great birthday!
thank you! i felt like a loser on fb as nobody say hb but then i realised i'm in usa and why should i care
. my favorite is this video "proving" the koran was right that fresh and salt water don't mix
brackish is a word. checkmate fundamentalist muslims!
can't just someone point them in the direction of a demo with draggable nodes?
imagine that would do the trick node
jesse james played 100% of week 1 snaps &amp; was targeted twice inside 10-yard line. big games are coming.
hey evan would you drop marty bennett for jesse james in season long league?
had a dream i was in new york with smashing some food at a thai restaurant
sounds like a plan...come visit already!
we trust modiji but not jokers in the cabinet
time over , hit these paaki-dogs hard no more peace talks do not listen to the west , they will always protect paakis jh
trump has sorta turned this entire campaign "into a form of twitter, where everything is equal &amp; shrunk down to the same size" --
and just why is this permitted
is this a joke ?
don't come here to hate dude
i'm going to ignore the wife material bullshit being peddled there and ask. why do people think of costs in terms of a monetary value alone?
my insides curled as i read that bit.
while new yorkers stood together by not overreacting last night, trump shows why he gets only about 20% support there.
- t will never get the educated / concerned / realistic voter - he gets only societies rejects -
i'ts ok, i just wanted 2 be clear i am full conservative /christian serve jesus
too bad andrew does not share that conviction
drinking this. kyoto sake and pretty tasty.
seems like they shoulda called it
since you have alot of favs, honeymoon outsold demi and ari's last album combined keep talking shit boo
lmfaoooo what? let me check
happy birthday pretty, ily
thank you beautiful. love you too
gas stations are virtually non-existent in new york city.
less to replace now all cars are going to be teslas ;)
wow outfit inspiration... i'ma wear a flannel n a cute sports bra today. this
i'm happy to help!
awesome! check it out
when excellent two artists meet the result is magical
it's beyond ignorant. same thing happened after 9-11. is every muslim a terrorist now too? ur comment was ignorant. point blank
one of my best friends is muslim i know what they go through and trust me this was not that...but you took shit to left field
have you all looked at shenandoah?
i don't think we have! thanks
car bombs burn for hours until extinguished. no dice. dumpster 100%
, dumpster limits damage.
christie defends trump's suggestion that clinton's bodyguards should drop weapons
he's trump's boot licker, will side with trump on anything to get a job.
*whispers* recruiting matters is more than just stars, we're starting walk ons over guys with stars
it also is development/retention. isu has like 4 guys on team from 2012 recruiting class.
sean kingston must got the original don dada on his side the way he talking.
he need to make a hit record
hating christmas?
... and not the oil guys who held hand with the saudis? ok. that's consistent.....for you.
check who were her biggest donors...you need to go off script once in a while...
harambe died for this
here that is some video
we're still taking your questions! send 'em in and the fantasy football now crew may answer them on espn2!
latavious marvin jones or desean jackson ppr flex
we found 9 subtle changes in resident evil 7's beginning hour demo. check them out!
is it me or did the chick on the phone so like the notorious ada wong
hrc is part of the problem.......that's my point. trump isn't a perfect politician but he's our only chance to lead us out of this
thanks. i have to disagree. he has no experience and is too knee jerk in his actions.
moved to a different house two years ago, and yes, a new but somewhat downsized davecave due to a smaller spare room.
the "famous davecave" will always be remembered for all the love you put into it!!
i see some familiar faces there.
there were many more people. i didn't get a good group shot, but others did.
thought provoking discussion on poll showing historic low in public's trust in media
the media should just be reporting not discussing. how much policy did you discuss?
i lost the thread here
no thread. asking u what you like to wear for a first date
ok, so i preordered a ps4 pro. this will be my first new console in almost a decade. what "games" are must buys these days?
uncharted collection, then uncharted 4.
i know how this works
i had forgotten about the draw/replay thing. trust me, i was askin'...not tellin'!
right? they lack imagination.
haha they should have more fun with their insults
im not generalizing, iv had numerous discussions w/ israelis iv met all over the world. orthodox jews dnt evn support israel
okay, maybe we've met different israelis. i'm just speaking from experience, having grown up in nyc and having met lots of them.
but no.conservative response to 5yrs of racism is "uh,someone in hrc camp said words..once. maybe
it's the same!!!!! i can rob a bank because your cousin once shoplifted!
the fun part of a 7:30am sunday grocery store run in deepest suburbia is seeing how many people actually shop in their pajamas. :)
i did that all the time when i worked rotating shifts. would go grocery shopping at 2am in my pjs and slippers.
obama says he would consider low turnout by black voters 'a personal insult' # via
he thinks black people should take orders from him?
watching eli &amp; kiera yap about nothing on the wake up
about nothing !!!!
and here's the question about top twelve updates. out of 40 options, only ten are quests.
and then you have to rank those twelve updates. once again, you have those three colors of bars.
most definitely power &amp; passion
and she is full of both.
only the stem is broken? easy fix get a new stem
the inside is broken it's useless
ok, so i preordered a ps4 pro. this will be my first new console in almost a decade. what "games" are must buys these days?
the last of us remastered.
neogaf. why'd i even have to check, it's always neogaf -:/
neofag is the worst video game community evet. it's funny how the people behind sonic boom use it.
you can find them at the stanford golf course pro shop!
thank you! mission accomplished!
i only pointed it out to distract from how inept i am at using the measuring tape
ahahaha such old school tactics! (you'll get better, in sure)
don't take this up with pak, you are going to draw a blank, be given a run around,take it up with the world:g parthasarathy
rip , my brother fauji's destroy the paaki-dogs , once for all jai mata di jai hind
next adventure of the day is discussion on how to use social media for good.
good to see you made it today. hopefully we get a chance to say hello :)
i assumed i could safely omit the "and don't be a sociopathic megalomaniac" part, but maybe not.
them aside, people's reasonable-seeming aspirations may be biggest impediment to needed climate action.
i've sent a dm to the winner of my product line naming contest but haven't heard back! if you came up with "shelby glow" get back to me!
[places palms together] please have a wonderful sunday, ms chong.
i am not a lawyer to know the implications behind it. there might be even precedents already...
don't burn out man. relax. you won't save oracle.
heading to ikea with . please keep us in your thoughts during this difficult time.
update: we made it through the showroom in 20 minutes.
i'm at church lmao. i'll be home in like an hourish
wtf you doing on your phone in church
sending my blessings may buddha send u a new one
thank you
who the hell is doing construction above me at 8:30 am on a sunday?! this is a day of rest.
please go up and yell, "this is the lord's day" and walk away
this is the most chilling statement i've ever heard from a public official.
doesn't work. we've been ignoring since his phony vietnam heroism &amp; he's still around...
happy birthday beautiful you deserve the best you're a queen enjoy your day!
thank you bby!!
if you can't dilute the 'pretty damn stupid' it must be allopathic.
take 10 cc of very expensive water 3/day and call me in the morning!
having nfl sunday ticket is the best btw
nfl sunday ticket. i'll be watching both! (simultaneously: tv + laptop streaming)
what's vsco?
what are serum presets
"if you have a soapbox, stand up and shout!" yessss
such a brilliant speaker. thanks for sharing :)
this guy knows better, he is saying scorpio will not support 4k coz xboxone didnt support full 1080
the name keeps it down now lol not the hardware
and then you have to rank those twelve updates. once again, you have those three colors of bars.
i think they wanted players to be specific, but they repeat questions, giving quests multiple chances to fail.
update: we made it through the showroom in 20 minutes.
update: "everybody dance now" is playing in the marketplace
incredible teardown of oyo rooms, highlighting dangerous use of min. guarantees to hotels
whereby oyo rooms is starting to look more like a short term rental property manager, via "flagship" launch:
that would suck
it really would though
that's not what i said at all. and i'm white.
you agreed with hillary. what'd i miss? what's really amazing is that there are no bigoted democrats. what are the odds.
four faves:
those pictures are incredible!! especially the one of the jets!!
why do i feel this is a bit of grandstanding alongside political bullshit he has with deblasio?
cuomo needs to raise $ for 2018. and if possible push bdb out.
like you're entitled to your opinion and like i won't tell santa
its because my dad died on christmas eve i like the stuff about it though
a phrase mentioned in passing at a summer yearbook camp later became this staff's theme.
v3 theme found by v2 editors on plane to celebrate v1 at la 2016.
isis takes responsibility for minnesota mall attack
those assholes will claim credit f whatever they want. they prob had nothing to do w the idiot attacker. anyone can play the role
need someone to text 24/7
ang don't rt this u literally can text me all day smd
kami is in new york and decided to make me feel really jealous...
this was the greatest thing that ever happened
happy friday to !
takes me back to the dinkin flicka days
i don't want to be part of the toyota family but i'll be a red headed step child for a free hotdog &amp; chips.
have my share since i am a toyota owner &amp; in that family ; p
if we fire our arsenal, most of it will be on pak punjab, not a crop will grow there for 800 yrs: maj gen g d bakshi (retd)
its time up general saab got to hit the paaki-dogs , once for all jai mata di jai hind
this is amazing! via
we should create a movement just so we can have this as its poster. :)
anyone who is awake: please send any extra hope and peace and balance you may have. changes are...overwhelming.
here's to new beginnings! hope springs eternal, or some shit
to register my x1s into the preview program
i think they stopped taking preview members will look into it
after being nearly regular my whole life, my period was a week late this month and started the day before my trip.
my period is the og fuckboy.
chinese for breakfast is the move
jesus need to get some rn
naturi naughton been looking good this season, is it just me?
she been glowing this whole season ...came close to licking my screen ...
gov cuomo says the bomber will be brought to justice that is not always the case
whatever sounds good for the moment in front of the cameras - folks have short memories.
ph kinlam ami treat debe vc!! then amakei nah block list e pathiye dy ;)
bah re,amra na vc r extended family? to etto dur theke kol jabo vc r dui family members( ) aar vc treat debe na?
100% agree, i would be fine if weed just stayed illegal but we get adderall instead
legal meth is fun
i enjoyed chiddy bang almost exactly until i turned 23 so that is an appropriate goal song choice
i'm about to be not 23 now people will like me
my badge looks so sad this year. i'm not even an alumni anymore :(
same here. didn't even get the content committee... it is what it is...
happy birthday you and my friend are so awesome!!
thanks my dear!!
since nobody was killed there is no reason to be concerned about radical islam in america.
insanity continues
every reporter should listen to this smart advice from on : back each other up at press conferences. follow-up!
oh give it a break, if you are fair would talk to you... is not
yeah, how do i qualify for christmas presents
we're going to have to go to page 69- the fulfillment section.
citizens, how can any politician say that recent bombings in nyc etc are not international? they're spinning.
nonesense, trying to spin obama's agenda. we have to wake up &amp; realize obama is doing americans an injustice!
why on earth did the trucks at tailgate have their tailgate up.... like i'm pretty sure it table topped me off the truck like twice
but s/o to the people that caught me whoever they were
happy birthday girl! love and miss you lots
thank you, love and miss you too !
*lurks over jc's back* i see low...hanging...burpies~
*crunches on chips next to sage, behind the deer* real flexible too.
don't let anyone tell you weed doesn't give you a hangover cause i still feel faded as fuck
dumbest shit i've ever read
glad no one was hurt. we all have to be vigilant.
we must never give in,take care
the acidic conditions in which part of the body? wich diseases are caused by what exactly?
i knew that ascorbic acid was killing me...:p
happy birthday bri! you're amazing inside &amp; out so happy we've gotten so close over the years love you so much
love you so much my love ! thank you
do you think it'll scar??
definitely going to be a v small scar
yeah maybe they're a bit nicer up in ny
where did u study abroad?
what am i doing for lunch? that's noon of your business
right, but when are you having lunch?
ask pak artists to get out of india, how can we let pigs have fun when pak is killing our soldiers
pak artist,confiscate all their possessions.&amp; then throw them at some hyenas.
i hope you got my favorite flavor, almond shlalmond. btw, it's nolita , not les. don't upset the realtors.
to this ny'er it'll always be the lower east side. and the bowery will always recall run-down 'shot and beer' saloons.
something good is comin your way
i sure hope so
decided riding quads in mex was a good idea now i'm stranded waiting for help
she don't wanna be saved don't save her
you call that bedhead
yes it's a mess
it's what he does, takes advantage of tragedy for his political gain.
absolutely. because he doesn't see them as people or "lives." they are simply a means to his end.
per , the bills had greg roman pose for team photo friday -- then they fired him.
o-m-g. like seriously? guys are all the same
spacex's mars colonial transporter can go "well beyond" mars
i wonder how much beyond?
what explosion. you alright?
there was an explosion in chelsea last night. oh i'm good thanks for asking xx
our dl is gonna smoke vawls ol
we get callaway back.... you all have sutton out and martin sprained ankle
can't wait to wear sweaters &amp; drink vanilla lattes
you do that anyway
i think they wanted players to be specific, but they repeat questions, giving quests multiple chances to fail.
and that's it for the survey. i might have to go over my random tweets over and over, but hopefully that helps.
i've seen three lime green kia souls on the way to the gym. what is going on?
people are making poor car-buying decisions.
me this morning... and i failed.
rip. i have an appointment at like 8:15 am. i'm never usually awake til 9
whereby oyo rooms is starting to look more like a short term rental property manager, via "flagship" launch:
for everything related to this category, see 's excellent map of strs and new accommodation types
i tried picking up snead as well, but someone snagged him right before me
i got him too baby! hoping for a great game!!
why my diamond in the trash ..
gotta go through some things to get what god really has in store for you!
nah you're dumb, read up on the definition of water resistant
as long as it's not submerged you're good but if you drop it in the toilet rip
i'm going to need zek to go off for fantasy purposes
i'm gonna need it for my sanity lol
sadly i won't be in sf long enuf to buy this. (that last part was sarcasm icymi).
i think i caught it
sure. but roman's firing and all these leaks are a clear sign the aren't all in.
i think it was mike tyson who said everyone is all in until they are 0-2.
american horror story is the best damn show ever.
this new season is gonna be amazing.
noah can't stay healthy. can't shoot. can't defend anymore. knicks had a great contract on rolo
he is better than lopez
this has been a classy af thread by adam silvera because he managed to get through this w/o outing some classless ya authors. -the end
so sorry people can be gross, adam! we all have these stories and most of us know who these authors are. word gets around. . .
vic enwere takes the podium, as heckles from the back of the room
it would be tempting to cut him.
why my diamond in the trash ..
gotta go through the negative stuff to reach your treasure
imo, ui layout on ios today is more complicated and difficult to maintain than ever before on ios, macos, nextstep \_()_/
an apple engineer at wwdc told my coworker "without autolayout how do you support multiple screen sizes".
whatchu doing there? seeing pedro?
no, my cousin and my aunt. my cousin lives here and has a one year old i hadn't seen.
no comments we must be thankful to seth abid also
also agha hasan abidi of bcci, that's why bcci was shutdown
truth is we could have a perfectly functioning world with a only tenth of the males on the planet.
imagine if a female didn't have to take care of a male for the rest of her life in order to use her own reproductive organs.
. reflects on civil rights movement: "the story is an american story"
made a career out of keeping the black man down pretending to be the great hope- not unlike obama, sharpton, farrakhan, j jackson
there is no zipper involved fuck off
well obviously not anymore because you swallowed it
your tellin me you never have smoked so much bud/wax you still feel faded when you wake up
that ain't a hangover bitch
to give a more blaintant example iphone 7 + has lost 2% more battery life since 6 min ago. now at 75% wtf
don't forget if you have thousands of photos, icloud can take days to infect them all when on wifi
failing that, do i know anybody local with a 7 plus?
where are you?
she said half of trump supporters are deplorable. if you're not racist, she wasn't talking about you. why you mad bro?
lol, i'm furious.hillary is a joke so why would i let anything she said ever bother me. so you agree with her?
lyin cheatin hillary clinton lyin cheatin hillary clinton cant even stay awake on cnn 4 a meeting sing it with me trump!
trump's an unhinged con man. the con will be on his supporters if he wins. bait/switch. ultimate losing scratch off.
many people are saying that... melania is set to return to the campaign trail after minor cosmetic surgery...
omg now i'm really tempted to get some! lol
tim kaine: yes, donald trump is inciting violence against hillary cinton
and yes tim kaine is blowing smoke.
edgar any update on callaway?
yeah i expect him to be back too
celebrating that i'm eligible for early social security . next want to be eligible for medicare .
happy birthday! so glad more of our taxes are finding their way back to the family.
jimmy garoppolo look like a villain in a disney princess movie
i think he looks more like prince charming, but ok...
nypd: pressure-cooker emblazoned w/ islamic crescent moon &amp; star. rt
, at least this time we have proof! just imagine how confused we'd be without ballpoint drawing.
i knew eileen could sing but loved the first time i heard charles sing on the hello dolly original cast cd
check out like and share our facebook page
go right to the l column
woulda thought
imo, ui layout on ios today is more complicated and difficult to maintain than ever before on ios, macos, nextstep \_()_/
she replied "mac apps had multiple screen sizes for decades without autolayout" it was something the eng never considered
can you validate my taking a music suggestion from tim kaine?
happily! good music can sound good even to bad people
edgar any update on callaway?
vawls without sutton obviously, but also their other corner justin martin has ankle sprain
clearly referencing equal rights to all to protect oneself. second amendment rights. get over it cnn
but he didn't say that. will he clarify what he meant?
so happy to hear you received good news. sending you love and healthy vibes!
thank you
happy birthday !damm now i'm the only one in our group that's 15 still have a great 16 today!
hey im 15 too
free food! time to take the kids on a walk with a bag or box and go for
one of our favorite things to do in the summer.
sir michael rocks was so jiggy then he came out the cut with the wood beads 'round his neck and mc hammer pants and lost me
that video is still hard tho
i'm assuming they're defining philadelphia+suburbs as philadelphia/bucks/chester/delaware/montgomery, btw. but i'm not sure.
they include at least the lehigh valley too
here's one of the prints to choose from.
hippopatamustache
happy 165th birthday to the new york times.
165 years of bullshit! hppe u do mot make 166.
pop then use or just use??
pop then use, but clean the needle or whatever
we're still taking your questions! send 'em in and the fantasy football now crew may answer them on espn2!
todd gurley or rashaad jennings non ppr help!!!!
hes saying her ss detail should give up guns so hrc can see what its like to be unprotected in the world today.
of course he didn't say that.
vawls without sutton obviously, but also their other corner justin martin has ankle sprain
appleby should throw some deep ones to callaway
today's winner - no more submissions please: wapo: hillary clinton, 'style icon'
she should dress in full blown hot pink outfit in her first debate!
i thought that was me if we're being completely honest
hey man, you can be prince more charming than he is
"church should be reduced to 1 hour on sundays after a byu loss"
"i so wish church didn't get out early today because i love being here" said no mormon ever.
i pray that you and your family are safe. love you so very much
we are sweety! thank god! and thank you for your concern! love you bunches!
media even discussing this? fraternal order of police endorse donald trump - breitbart
the media has been condemned for criticizing police so they are probably reluctant to show the idiocy of the fop...
my phone ships from in november. any way to optimize this or am i the only one who didn't stay up all night?
i just got an appointment for pickup today at the union square location this morning
left the game at 31-7, but know for sure that they lost
i just thought rex fired him, i'm glad the owners talked to players first
earlier at nbc washington, dc bureau preparing to go live on politics nation w/al sharpton. are you tuned in?
hey bobblehead pay your taxes yet????
call names because you ideology is bankrupt.
nope all 187 private central banks owned by bis are bankrupt, dummy&amp; djt is also bank stooge, supreme wtfu read treatyofparis
to give a more blaintant example iphone 7 + has lost 2% more battery life since 6 min ago. now at 75% wtf
don't forget if you have thousands of photos, icloud can take days to index them all when on wifi
i'm at delaware memorial bridge - in new castle, de
thanks for checking in with us we hope you had a safe trip!!
my mom just ordered me a new hoco dress bc she doesn't like the one i bought??
she's nuts i love the lilac one
definitely going to be a v small scar
if you go see a doctor for this we aren't friends
at least 5 of the polls now in the rcp average use wild democrat oversamples.
well black people and millenials are going to come out in unprecedented numbers to vote for her. she out-charismas even obama.
glasgow, scotland. i should have probably mentioned that :)
ah, buggar. actually, i wish i was there... seems a lovely place.
let us release ourself 2day from the prison of unforgiveness. forgive by obedience 2 god's wordgmprecious sisters
stand fast therefore in the liberty by which christ has made us free, and do not be entangled again with a yoke of bondage.
it's lit cause they let you sample lmaooo and sometimes they give away free stuff
dude wth, that is lit
my ruby is skills don't really exist, and if i break something, i break it for other people too. the project is supposed to save you time.
there's tonnes of tests etc, and i ship releases often, lots of bug fixes
yes, hilarious for us. embarrassing for haw. :&lt;
blue ribbon ass! :d
the replies to this tweet are jarring.
never read the replies
the fans are going to be hypercritical. most of us who understand the value of the draft disagreed w/the move.
i'm very pleased with the move. r.s. has killed his drafts the last few years. they arguably drafted 3 firsf rd talents '15
that doesn't answer my question
yes pls come
de blasio: no evidence of terrorism trump: isis has captured times square d: be careful of speculation t: the disney store is now a mosque
well there was one confirmed isis attack in us yesterday - st cloud mall.
i agree that there is an alt right movement that is gaining momentum, and they support trump.
50 million unredeemable white people. not bigoted at all.
obviously joker is gonna win. come on dude.
yah i know he's my fav
they're giving josh norman, ab, dez and obj all in a row? thats rude af
lucky for him he doesn't switch sides.
to defend nsa from critics, attacks the story they broke. which won the pulitzer for public service.
[sigh] glenzilla blocked me, i lost all patience with him endlessly pushing that email story. it's fucked up.
trump never suggested hillary give up her bodyguards. your lie here is just what trump is saying about lying liberal cnn.
trump said her bodyguards should disarm themselves. what sense does that make?
swear today was the one day in history where i didn't see live on social media
you right
check out my latest video review the 1st ever hiker crate
was wondering. thanks for sharing!
update: "everybody dance now" is playing in the marketplace
update: "these are jank." -, not feeling the measuring spoons
an apple engineer at wwdc told my coworker "without autolayout how do you support multiple screen sizes".
and the reply was?
idea for a sitcom glee but the songs are picked by a spotify weekly algorithm
additionally - mercedes gets better storylines and tots are met with merciless destruction
lmaoooo wait. what happened here?
a murder. call the police b
and make sure you have tsapre and global entry. and the license to drink coffee. and...
guess, i'd better call my company's lawyer and make sure he's aware. before calls the oracle lawyers.
this grandpa just called me a faggot on the street &amp; the only thing stoppin me from throwing hands was the fact he was literally handicapped
smh he woulda caught the dark roast if i was there
cop a l and we can alternate weeks.
you might be on to something, airbnb for fits
black metal is superior to all genres don't @ me
i got bodied for this tweet
what alt do i make in wow now
outlaw rogue pretty cuckoo and fun
please get that fucking vegetable, fruit, whatever it is off that plate cc ;)
wrong on so many counts.
on my way to !
made it to ! time to unload."
chase b. champion flight misser
on to the next one
aisha, sybrina fulton (trayvon martin's mom), and i at the cbc dinner last night
lookin good bobblehead!
good luck today mike! get another podium!
copy! congrats again for winning yesterday!
those who have an anti-exxx phobia hesitate between ascorbic and citric acid as the worst
damn you orange juice, damn you to hell!
you going to the spot?
not sure. i won't be at the first game tho. gotta slide ta the city
&gt;usletinradislamist2killuss ?
if victims are rsthis iswho u'rewith&gt;isis isis claims responsibility4minnesota mall attack
nonesense, trying to spin obama's agenda. we have to wake up &amp; realize obama is doing americans an injustice!
hillary,deblasio &amp; democrats are "open borders" and now they're saying "be vigilant" throw these bums out!
the tyler boyd show at 1pm sharp he gon deep fry the bun ass steelers d backs
shazier going to put that man on a stretcher
trump's doctor must be the same person who told john henry "sandoval has only 17% body fat" during spring training
ok leary, what does trump weigh?
this wave pool in korea is packed
this just gave me so much anxiety
i've never been so close to knocking my roommate the fuck out holy god i fucking hate him
well leave the damn house
robert griffin iii is reportedly expected to miss 10 to 12 weeks due to shoulder injury
what else is new
never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama.
the yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuugest buffoon on the planet calls robert gates "dopey" now that is very, very funny drumpft.
damn, someone really got engaged dressed in the white trash starter kit.
the fuck is that dude wearing?
not a lunatic. google me, loser. you will never live this well.
oooh. i'm never going to be 19th billed in fried green tomatoes. sick burn dude.
he isn't telling her to ditch her bodyguards you biased fools he is telling her the hrc stance on guns is hypocritical
then why didn't he say that? he lies about her stance on guns. she never said anything about 2nd amendment.
even the black is dope
it's a beautiful piece, sucks to be poor
can education be unique to each and every child? with and watson, it can.
sesame street now only for the elite and privileged. today's words are "sell" and "out"
rodeo jones going hard today
i'm sorry and you're welcome (ily)
the work part doesn't bother me, leave me alone in my own space &amp; i can conquer the world! it's having to be around coworkers
, work is no problem for me either. it's just the expectation. no one seems interested in paying me to just keep on keeping on
i mean the facebook link. i get this:
ah. thx for the heads up.
good morning from lake. with my favorite boatman.
came up with # after our do u like? if so i will share with consulate *
not typically.but generally
yes my wife told me she heard in some instances, like my mothers name is shamim and some men have that name as well
anybody getting online today
later today. what you playing?
.: all 29 injured by last night's explosion have been released from hospitals
and have just re registered as republicans!
wait , is this fucking fraud is claiming he's from nyc?
they move into the place where our families have lived for generations and think they discovered us!
and also, i can't bench gurley, right?
hmmm i'm 50/50 on todd this year
hey benji - good meeting you at mondo nyc - hoping we can set up our podcast chat this week
sweet. did you email me?
lmfaooooo it sold 700,000 in january wyd........
bitch dw is almost 800k already so sit your ass down
i 1der if msm has grown jealous of the indy journalists who do real investigative reporting.
nah to stupid and as long as the paychecks are good they don't care either.
it means god is greater.
u just lied to urself. good luck with that! u r young, the path of life&amp;destruction is in front of you. u decide.
won't release his tax records. won't release his medical records. won't release his business records. is a coward.
not sure your conclusion follows from your accurate assumptions. how about "fraud"?
good morning.
knew this dude was goin' break out sooner rather than later /someupsndelivers
despite what hot topic announced, i've been told the ahsoka pop isn't coming out today. coming end of sept/early oct
bummer! we'll have her soon enough.
stop being obsessed with hot boys and start being obsessed with smart boys.
can't they be both?
really can't believe the cow got sold holy shit it's hitting me now and levittown is going to become a shit hole
i saw this and thought it was a joke
gotta ask, do iiiiit. lol sometimes they be wit it.
he turned me down
she flat and sensitive for blocking me
bitch shut up
hear! involve young people, scale up + youth leadership in countries.
our contribution is significant &amp; our voices can move leaders to act &amp; deliver impact
y'all bold af betting tattoos on football games...
i may be next week. gotta finish this sleeve.
i hate the move for a plethora of reasons. it's a super bowl or bust trade. that, &amp; if we win a sb fans are going to want (cont.)
there are so many other variables though outside of the super bowl. very realistic chance teddy is not ready for next season
i now see perfectly and its really bothersome how it was done now :/
when i realized that the age question was like the heart of stone / march 2014 poll, that did seem a bit off to me.
more upset that montero is only played when it's too late, our striker can't score &amp; our new dutch cb doesn't get played at all.
it's a dam shame montero should start
let me add my voice to the chorus of ppl who admire fresh, smart &amp; important television &amp; who think &amp; are awesome.
great character evolution and so true..
nyc mayor : "we know there was a bombing. that much we do know"
is this asshole serious !spanish wtf
oh, i didn't even notice it was written in may. grrr. even worse, as it has not changed at bit.
gotten worse. i hope msm sees their role in the downfall of the us democracy. but they'll all be jailed.
something is going on.
many people have said
awesome student made an application tracker. harder to enroll than harvard (not sure how i feel about that)
can anyone who's interested audit the course? if not, why?
has two meanings today, . we know who will be rooting for tonight on !
hey chuck you had too much caffeine this morning!
what's up with the bloomingdales ads?
someone suggested we step up our style... we poured some beers at an event there this wk
hillary,deblasio &amp; democrats are "open borders" and now they're saying "be vigilant" throw these bums out!
i see police on crime scenes but, where is coward colin &amp; other nfl morons?
aw man thank you. gotta work today though. enjoy them for me! and be safe brother.
vin, 12 pack is just an appetizer for you!
when i realized that the age question was like the heart of stone / march 2014 poll, that did seem a bit off to me.
it just seems like they ask questions in similar ways, which might be why the quests lose as they do.
are ears and eyes 'devices'? (the prohibition didn't mention electronic devices specifically?)
isn't that almost an ethical question? maybe knows?
nyc mayor says 29 were injured in blast; all out of hospital. watch live:
all now voting republican
: trump, clinton tied across battleground states. trump beats clinton 49%-20% on who can change washington.
and is a clueless ass who will destroy us
how do i vote? discovery page does not appear on snapchat for me.
u can only vote on snap
i'm married?
[chuckles] of course, my son, how could it be no other way?
and suddenly my weekend has turned into this... let the mouse hunt begin.
do you need to borrow catsby? she's the bruce smith of mouse catching.
that bitch! 3 stars for selfishness.
one, cuz he petty
shit be careful. there was an explosion in nyc yesterday.
i know, some of the subways shut down last night. everyone is kinda on edge
smh it's 2016 why poetry publications are still full of verbose emptiness is beyond me
what are you into? contemporary poetry seems pretty diverse to me, journals to fit a wide variety of tastes
why is it so hard to find a men's deodorant that does not smell like fruit anymore? i like earthy musky spice smells is that so hard to do?
can help with that! &gt;:3 *tosses bucket of mud*
and u won't get an infection cause that's what the skin protects it from
ideally, but neosporin can't hurt
believe this shill, who is selling t-shirts to gullible idiots for profit.
he is backed by big stupid!
not how i wanted my night to be
sorry to hear that.
how dumber officials said blast does not appear t/b connected 2 pipe bomb that went off along route of marine corps run in seaside park
how can they rule out so quickly? b/c 1 was pipe &amp; other pressure cooker? or do they allude they know who did both.....
people that think he's coming back can't be serious. he wouldn't be at fsu now if he didn't have to be.
same thing with 6. if they project him anything higher than 7th round. he's leaving.
its a masterpiece national world treasure
indeed &lt;3 it's priceless
mypov: he's calling it like it is w/o a pc filter. 1/2 the country is loving it. other 1/2 cringing. like watching
telling it like it is? more like saying insane things to appeal to people's worst and stroking his ego. indefensible.
only eats egg whites
this is true
to stick w/bradford. in other words it's a lose/lose situation.
if we win the sb, i'm sorry, but who cares (outside of teddy fans) who is the wb? lol vikings would pick teddy over sam. age&gt;
surely not a ceasefire, just in deirezzor us airstrikes over besieged syrian army fighting isis
yeah. already i'm seeing anti-american claims us "planned" attack on saa w/ isis. um. no.
small ball.
i thought u said "small balls", which btw, is quite fitting.
shit. stay safe, esther.
trying to!!!! thanks friend
. is perplexed as to why josh norman didn't cover antonio brown. watch
jesus christ, move on to a new subject
it sold that in the us im talking about ww have several seats
here it is rat
i can't submit the survey. the page complains i haven't answered the question even though i have.
can you help with this? (not a vta survey) ^ck
the name of the whatsapp group, though
hahaha, yess. we have had weirder names tho, but this one has a nice ring to it. :p
thank you!
you're welcome
omg twitter fams: watch hrc respond to . she is clearly f up. watch w/no sound. omg
f up or drugged up? pharma providing hillary free samples of vicodent &amp; ambien... ritalin wore off..tax breaks promised
trump running mate: cheney is my vp role model
good choice: maybe he'll accidentally shoot trump in the face.
i did catch that, figured someone else would let you know.
realized it myself lol whoops
i thought it was too man it's crazy it'll prob b knocked down by the winter
are they rebuilding it ?
i imagine he'll be received warmly.
they do love cheaters there
anyone who watched hillary's just barely conscious late night presser on the bombing doesn't want her anywhere near the nuclear codes.
yes! does she even remember last night?
fuck those days lmao
lmaooo you fine now
i love this. i love books, so.. ;)
i love books too.. can make the difference in people's lives. here a prime example
i just want to be w a guy who's 1st letter of his last name starts with an a so our kid can stand in front of the lunch line........(:
you walked right into that one.....
the fact that i work in an hour and i have no car...
the fact that i work sunday's now at all...
i just now realized what you were referring to
lol really? come on now. shake and bake reference
if he's not ready for next season we could have gotten a much cheaper qb either in the draft or fa &amp; a high first round pick.
the people hating on the bradford trade were asking for mark sanchez... i don't even want to bring up the vick supporters
jazz should protest game 6 of 98 finals. howard eisley had a 3-pointer incorrectly waived off for shot clock violation in 2nd q.
if kings fans can get that walker half-court shot waived off i'm game for this too. most of the 02 guys are hanging around anyway
. tells us what we can expect on the panel for this morning's edition of ! snapchat: meetthepress
hey katy nice to see you're on trumps side. welcome aboard
while it seems inaccurate it is hardly the biggest lie
i know weight and fitness--not because i wanted to, it just happened--and trump is in the 260's.
weird to find a coffee shop with 0 internet presence.
these colors and tones!
just crack the fucking dutch niggas tryna smoke
ew that's too much.
it's not super flat lmfaoo
he just mad i didn't follow his whack ass back that's all
she looks drunk as shit
she was lit
maybe i just wasn't meant to own any nice technology because every time i buy expensive new tech i return it.
have you tried youtube tutorials?
while you violence lovers watch the nfl, i'll be watching something real that is art
it's my fav show after best pan ever
so far ios 10 has stopped notifying me when my boyfriend texts me and no longer reminds me to take my meds
one time i was in austin for a week and it didn't deliver any of my messages to the whole time. bad news.
why do people have the urge to catfish people pretending to be me...like this is the third time this has happened
cuz u take some bomb ass selfies, they ur fans
hey man you're the greatest but we hate you cause you didn't take less money and won a sb ring. - some jets fans
people can't relate... they compare their paycheck to the player's paycheck and react accordingly.
true. with several options.
but we do not just want to win 270. we want to win bigly!
no really whoever hacked me and keeps liking all this arabic fucking writing shit fuckin stop :-)
want me to kill em
i bet you get that all the time.
every day on the beach in nantucket
attend to learn top strategies to profit from your . register today:
nextvia sucks. all they do is repeat clichs like do more with less and charge big money for shitty advice
nyc mayor says 29 were injured in blast; all out of hospital. watch live:
the mayor is complicit. fire this idiot
nigga finally stopped driving and found a spot to go to.
lmaoooooo yo tweety where the hoes bro
hey , will beat you in november.
prolly just gave her another seizure
when you figure it out, i call roadie.
this goes without saying, we'd be fucked without you
stop being a meme, idiots. -- 15 us jewish organizations urge solution to global crisis
but not 1 refugee admitted into israel...fucking hypocrites
dude this is the second weekend in a row i've done this and i'm actually living up to my name rn ultra grandma
lmao same, i literally get out of work, smoke with my friends and then go home. the rest is soooooo great
if victims are rsthis iswho u'rewith&gt;isis isis claims responsibility4minnesota mall attack
manhattan bond girl gives condolences2allvictims inifu're w if u'renot w&gt;obama&amp;hillary'sattacksrbloodonyourhands!
getting breakfast on the go!
lol. you have the best comebacks ever :) needs you to star in their breakfast commercials ;')-
function vs aesthetics. photo from sebastiano bagnara (italy)
first came the "norman door" now comes the "norman wiper blade"
forgot how unhealthy my eating habits can get when i get on the crazy stream grind (11+hrs). cereal &amp; a few chips were all i ate yesterday.
need to have meals already prepared :((( don't break yourself
i really hope gbp finally realizes that trying to build up rosado is just a horrible idea, he's fantasy springs level at best
just waiting for rosado to let out the secrets he had on them
the reality is most of nyc didn't react.
yup. nyc is so large that i don't even have to deal with santa con people
i'd be surprised if you didn't cop this now
this is why i need you back here bro... man just wants to safely secure his toothbrush and wipes
update: "these are jank." -, not feeling the measuring spoons
update: "y'all ready for this" is now playing in the marketplace.
happy birthday to 2baba the african music legend himself. all of us celebrate you!...
the legend indeed you may live to a ripe old age to see your great grand kids
just so you are aware. nate silver was dead wrong in 2012. i'd be a concerned.
no he wasn't! he was actually almost spot on
number of people that have actually told field this: 0
that is factually correct
congratulations may this practice of mainstreaming youth into official delegations inspire others
big thanks to minister who believes in the power of young people as resources and vital assets.
the difference between what lebron did and kevin durant.
this is so biased and trash. stop degrading durant for a choice he made.
i actually went to bed early.
last tweet was 6 hours ago.... hmm you need 8 hours of sleep cassaboo
haha you have such a small game library yourself right?
lol i just know i can get a fair opinion if i need to : p
.good morning sunshines happy
always with the fancy shoes!
i went to school with him, so i'm biased
that's cool! hopefully the titans' d gets soft
ah you guys are right. the sound doesn't play to desktop but plays to the stream. that's awkward.
this was awkward for me too trying to work it out. thanks for mentioning the solution lol
coney island?
no, rockaway beach
gary johnson just said on that he's grateful no one got hurt in explosion in which people were hurt.
time to get trending?
you can dislike dowd, cnn or gates and still acknowledge this is insane behavior for a person running for president.
trump called gates a clown, but we know who the real clown in.
i see the new thing for all black cars is the black license plate with yellow font and i like it. that's all.
speaking of license plates, just saw a frame: "life's a bitch and so is my sister" good morning to you, too!
and why was the having such hard sex ? tasha face made it uncomfortable to watch
dead ass i started cracking up watching that sex scene
nahhhh-like your team loses &amp; they get to pick the tattoo you get and vice versa.
oh no no no no no. i cant fathom the idea of getting a different team tattoo on me. especially ravens.
i'd love to win a sb so long as it doesn't compromise our future &amp; likelihood of winning another one. which is what this might do.
lets get one first lol super bowl windows are short unless a team has a star qb. we can't waste this talented d b/c of teddy
let's find each other and say hi sometime today!
ahh you're here!! yes! find me later :)
watching episode 1 now
tell me what you think!
yo how you been pal
good brother
half of 13 million is not 50 million. he had 13 million votes in the primaries.
interesting cherry-picked criteria. what happens when he gets 70m votes in the ge? are those really romney supporters?
it's happened to me when i'm sleeping on my back too! and sick! i would stop breathing for seconds at a time (or it seemed)
yup! i've had that too. like the lapse in breath
if my future husband doesn't cry when i walk down the aisle, i'm turning around.
hopefully that lucky person will cry then
those are us sales not ww sales boo keep reaching
where are you receipts? i don't see them
i never wanna be the person who's known as someone who loves god so much but completely forgets to love people for whatever reason
change your name one more fucking time
fuckin same story. let's cook. u kno tunes and also food&lt;3
+ collab inbound
everyone in there lifts and knows about weight gain and weight loss.. u don't get that at commercial stores
interesting i shall stop by 1 day, i wanna buy protein powder for weight gain cus mine is almost done
live on -
yay i just woke up too :))
is that hillary clinton's home office?
or is where donald trump keeps his tax returns?
. on nyc explosion: "this was a very serious incident."
hahaha...serious incident! call it by name! a terrorist attack! cowardice and political correctness is destroying america!
the life of a truly begins at greenlight.
that's a rather hugh mungus fee
this is the kind of republican i'll respect and take seriously after this election. the rest, not so much.
2020 could get the nom fairly easily...
for now, the most i can hope for is that they avoid dividing quests into fifth age or sixth age.
yes, it helps distinguish the types of stories, but we can skip that step. just ask us about a series right away.
cardinals tie it up. i don't know either, guys.
can you guys temporarily turn off your mentions at times like this ?
where should i spend the next 2-3 years of my life?
i voted nyc
that makes one of us
i didn't even finish season 2!
sundazzeeee = &amp; !
nice shirt but ya need a new hat ; /
saturday night islamic terror stabbings in minnesota
deport or execute for hate crimes!
1. yes. 2. never claimed to be an "expert." 3. that us has challenges doesn't erase kagame's myriad crimes, human rights abuses.
. we are not discussing about because u can't be part of that discussion. you are neither expert nor n.
hahaha, yes his name is "games expert" so he must be right
names are reasons why resolution can hit certain thresholds. xbox scorpio won't do 1080
interesting i shall stop by 1 day, i wanna buy protein powder for weight gain cus mine is almost done
&amp; i've talked to many personal trainers that ik and they all say that serious mass is the best
nyc is very big. here is a map showing where the explosions happened, and the neighborhood i live in.
thanks for checking up on me, guys! i'm doing well
trump doesn't deserve a pass, but downplaying the smear campaign efforts of *sidney blumenthal*? seriously?
then don't give him a pass
their running game will be iffy today though so they might be pass heavy
hopefully we can get a few interceptions.
...typical effects of jetlag
nah ...she didn't fly to australia
unbelievable scene in springs! is not letting us down like ! he's working day &amp; night!
an incredible sight!despite intense, biased attacks from the countries media,elites,he draws huge crowds!
less than 300 show up for hillary's first speech since fainting -
she's facing the consequences of stealing the primary. question is how confident is she that the general can also be stolen?
that's amazing!! rt : i love abraham headless see you again via
don't we all!
anyone have my hot streamable d/st? not feeling great about current unit, , vs. tonight.
i like the bears this week, wentz first road game, held the texans to 14 through 3 quarters, expect some turnovers
we look forward to welcoming nathaniel hancock to the atdf faculty next weekend - here's a few words from the man...
fantastic! nathaniel is awesome!
wow steph; is that your ride? bring that with you from ca?
testing the flying spur was one of the primary reasons for the trip!
thank you all so much for 100k! together we kicked-ass for 3+ years! i couldn't have done it with out you guys! &lt;3
wait i created my yt channel in 2013
see above tweet. spammed by 2fa codes now unable to access my account.
it's happening again right now, how can i get you guys on this?
.: a bomb exploding in new york is obviously an act of terrorism.
we need to ban large capacity pressure cookers! you don't need a large capacity pressure cooker to cook a roast!
signing copies of my album idina. at in nyc on release day! 9/23 1pm hope to see you!
i wish i could be there for that
switching into emotionally uncharged thoughts (in many cases) has allowed me to find clarity and serenity in things that once bothered me.
separating the two has allowed my mental &amp; emotional faces to stay at their own healthy levels. one isn't trying to do the other's job.
well that's depressing
just saw. fml.
no violence is never the answer but if u could find them and twist their nipples yes pls
i'll do whatever u want me to. hb a wedgie?
campaigning for hillary clinton in ohio, elizabeth warren expected a selfie &amp; got a question from a trump supporter.
that's precious
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
i bet you're actually having a huge boner about the bombing so you can blame it on hillary and muslims and spread your hate
come meet our new family on tomorrow's at 8/7c on .
i'm so sad !! i wish i would've auditioned when alicia was on! she's my biggest idol.
that none dare call it:
i'm ok, are by passing 34st-23rd stations(west side)..
good morning enjoy your
actually an 4 instance
i'm anxious to hear how a pipe bombs, pressure cooker bombs, and knives are somehow the fault of the nra and the gop.
known fact that most tea partiers have their own cooking shows and unlimited access to knives and pressure cookers
choooooose! football baby is back for week 2... with a special guest picker.
if they don't stop the politics....us and many others are done with these millionaire thugs!
i'd have thought that would be myles
macy pulls everything out of the box and myles gets first pick.
modi vows to punish those behind iak base attack .
first he should punish his own army who failed to respond adequately to the attack
again, anyone claiming to be worried about what trump has done to political discourse but not harry reid is simply lying to you.
or they're just fucking dumb.
i didn't watch the game so idk what you mean by a whale of a game
he means that torts completed screwed team usa and he is not a good coach. he's a god damn joke
how trump and clinton reacted to nyc explosion
clinon said it was a bombing. your coverage is phony. your ratings of zero viewership are well deserved you pathetic dunkeycrats.
reimagined in mastermind japan's uncompromised design language - the mmj_nmd_xr1. september 20th.
will these be available on line?
oh. what is the step that preceded it? ordering online?
i ordered an iphone 7 in black via the iphone upgrade program and there was a "pick up in store" option
i say it with nothing but confidence.
waiting on his video drop td!
jeez... i have uploaded 1,001 videos to youtube, time and effort really makes things fly by!
has like 2000 videos or so
being black is so lit and if you don't think so then that's your loss
preach, god blessed us with melanin. be proud to wear it
this is okay because it's okay to order black people around.
obama just be crackin' dat whip.
war will only stop when god goes away. more war and deaths are done in the name of "god" than anything else combined.
to date. god hasn't said a god damn thing to anyone. guys just made this shit up and away we go.death death lunch death.
thanks so much!! all the best! a
looks like it was interesting day for filming then, hope your having great birthday andrew.
happy birthday love &amp; miss you all, hope your day rocks
love you lee gotta hang out again soon
muslims stab 8 people at cloud mall and wants more muslims
insanity is the new rule of law
shoot, i would take 3, then let worley go another 3
worley still on the team? lol
"it's a waste of time to just be a passerby. you're not making (or leaving) an impression."
absolutely. very, very well said.
call for 'justice': cuomo vows police will find criminals who planted nyc bomb that hurt 29
not criminals...terrorists!
. on trump's birther argument: it's astonishing that we're debating this so late in the game.
omg! just spent another 5 minutes on the past issue. not yr finest moments, john.
don't miss kanye, chance the rapper, the weeknd, kygo &amp; more 10/1 &amp; 10/2. single &amp; 2-day passes are available now!
nah y'all didn't pull thru with travis it's quiet
you would've hated me just as much lol
i'm salty because i was supposed to go but i had another commitment that day lol
that's unfair. you don't know much about me. while i've heard you speak for years. good thing i've always like .
let's be accurate. i don't know anything about you. and i'd like to keep it that way.
no im a poker player whos been stuck in bed for 2 yrs &amp; got educated on real life! election wont change my life1 bit
not one peep out of you when trump didn't release his health records... good job
thats ur teammate
yeah thanks for reminding me.....
apple music is as bad a user experience as the app store.
i wonder if it runs off a spreadsheet sometimes
another lovely pic!
thanks for the follow back ladies
i see police on crime scenes but, where is coward colin &amp; other nfl morons?
i suggest"colin" be renamed to "colon"? very fitting.
i've never compelled someone to do something by pulling my jacket back to reveal a gun tucked into my waist, and i feel like i'm missing out
i do it all the time. but no one seems to be intimidated by my water gun.
how are you getting ready for nfl sunday?im making a sign that says "more like chelsea manning" becuz the giants offence is a dumpster fire
my mom is explaining why taking a knee during the national anthem is such bullshit.
you just turned heel on me with those words, man.
ahh shit. i just upset the legend. would it help if i said i respect their impact on music?
some people make your laugh a little louder. you're smile a little brighter and you're life a little better
looking fine there mrs.brown!
omg twitter fams: watch hrc respond to . she is clearly f up. watch w/no sound. omg
great song for her by ramones
chop shop at 16th and harrison. license plate ca 5yfu530.
florida &amp;16th has been a chopshop for months. police called nothing done
how i feel about not being at game day, but as always, go card!
two of my friends went to the game go stanford
something tells me the religion of peace has something to do with it.
yeah, maybe. that doesn't mean investigators start from that assumption and overlook other motives.
the unveiled the statue of a legend today. congrats, jim brown.
lmao that statue looks like it was done by a 3rd grader! could literally be anybody
superintendents info.he sld hear some thoughts: larry nyland,call 206-252-0180 superintendent.org.
like says skulls full of mush
why are you still on this ? i said i was done. i didn't take it left, you chose to make that comment &amp; any intelligent person
you're done yet your still writing 3 tweet responses this is twitter not intensive writing cool it.
i'd have thought that would be myles
the box is scented, so as soon as i bring it in the house they act like excited kids. they can't wait for me to get it open
homemade stuffed artichoke's it is italian feast here this weekend
i will send you the recipe for thanksgiving. will be a big hit.
update: "y'all ready for this" is now playing in the marketplace.
update: "that's not my name" by the ting tings is playing in the marketplace. this is hell.
people who didnt watch jojo: jotaro have no emotions, kakyoin is submissive, polnareff is an idiot, avdol is non existend, joseph is useless
still think polnareff is an idiot but he is endearing at least. (low key salty kakyoin and iggy died and he didn't)
lahore division youth ready to welcome and
what kind of f* up media we have in pk. not even single channel said single word against such private gang of ns.
love to hear younger, smarter, more talented ppl than myself
wow poets are so serious
if your gonna have an open house don't go hoppin around on the 10 people that are there haha
actually 5 guys*get it right. don't try to judge me when your the one who's had a big number of drunk moments
i feel bad waking up 3 hours after my coworkers texted me for help digging up surveillance videos of last night for the police.
i'm not reliable on the weekends.
i always miss out on beach days with my friends cause i'm a grouch and i don't really like the beach lmao
what about that one time we all went? i recall you having a good time
mike pence: i'd model my vice presidency after dick cheney
frightening
finally, maymay gets to meet quen!
ahahaah!!! cant w8 to watch it!!! hahaha
has your phone order shipped yet? mine did this morning, arriving tuesday. first time out of 4 pre-orders didn't get on launch
i received my 7 plus 256 black on friday. glad to hear that your phone should be arriving very soon! we've gotta talk home buttons.
ed rollins: "if the country wants change, is the change."
time for a change
nah we never made it to merica
america, central america, south america ...does it matter. y'all just got dropped off first
yeah that seems exactly the same as airbnb. children on airbeds, right?
yikes . no, we're similar in that you share your home as a caregiver.
i love u br but fake brady is giving me nightmares
every single person involved is scared of it
yeah, that post-2011 thing kinda bothered me too.
are you really naive enough to believe official documents that stand as proof in court and newspaper reports from 1961? ugh.
yes, plz be careful
of course thanks guys
if you dig up your past, make it a foundation for the future.
love this!! don't let the past bury you. shake it off and rise up like a phoenix.......stronger than ever!!!
setting a bomb off is terrorism
thatand aiding terrorists
tickets purchased for at public market
unfortunately i have to work. i do accept deliveries ;)
yo put me on twitter looking like this
dont worry he got something coming
remember when i said rgiii was gonna be a bust coming out of college and everybody basically yelled at me? k lol
i was with you
trump's 25 million new jobs promise doesn't add up
none of your reporting adds up. you yellow journalists should move to syria where u would feel more at home.
tim your a savage i saw you playing recore like at 6 in the morning. you are a warrior!!!!!!
yeah that's why i got the coffee lol, played a ton last night, frustrating lol
ty hilton facing denver or willie snead when i have brees as a qb?
snead regardless of your qb
the whole night i'm fucking sweating even after putting the ac on and only just now i realized its bc my curtains were blocking the air...
just so everyone knows they're very sheer curtains so i thought the air would go through, i'm not that dumb i guess
story of my life : asking my friends how my eyebrows look and them telling me it's not as on point as 's
i m 500% honoured
do i start jason witten vs the redskins or julius thomas vs the chargers?
i have the exact same scenario, starting witten
yeah i was def in there last night. i was lit lmao left out at about 3am
lmfao i'm tight i should've went i had the whip to but i was asking if u was there &amp; they was like idk
what we eating bro #
lmao mommy not cooking for you fam
hey, i think i never chosen a flavor o3o just trying to remember but i think it changes with my mood! what is your favorites?
haha!! that's kinda how i am! but i do love pumpkin spice and anything vanillia or carmel flavored! or a mix of the two!
thanks 4 trying tho! brilliant manipulation of msm. they're pissed! lol
keep going
why do they care about ali zafar's brother :s lol
i mean he is hot, and all but comeon 1 hi ghar mein 2 hotties!
where can i get my pregame kay adams insights?
we host a facebook live pre-game session at 10:30am et each sunday. tune in next week:
if he gets 70 mil, you're 50 mil stat still wouldn't work.
okay i take it all back. calling 35 million white people irredeemable racists is fine and dandy and totally not bigoted.
yes i like it a lot but could not yet decide yet what putting in because i do not want to mix it up.
yes, always the challenge with a new sketchbook!!
i'm pretty sure i nailed this dfs jesse james take
since you're so familiar, in season long, full ppr, james or fleener?
hbd to the goat
bruhhhhgood looks my persian brother!
some do. some don't. the ones who don't make no sense to me.
part of society nowadays.... some people hate rich people even if they worked their ass off to get that money.
pumped to be on . let's do this.
lol i heard the voice n was like wait jim rome???
we were hecka gonna surprise visit you guys today but y'all get off late
come tuesday or wednesday please
love how you tie an entire thread together over many months.
heh. once told us that we're "roadmap investors" in certain categories. why not "roadmap" in form of tweets?
because that's not what anyone following the lead of actual investigators would do.
investigators start at the wide end of the funnel letting evidence guide. starting from assumptions overlooks other motives.
describe yourself in 3 fictional characters:
bartelby (the scrivener), john ray, jr. phd, and the unnamed narrator of metamorphosis.
top two moments from last night's wedding gig. 1) getting the groom's "good choice" nod for this.
2) watching the bride's mom belting out the lyrics to doris troy.
: think i've found your fantasy neocon twitter feed. trust me: it's fabulous.
this is exactly the content i need
imagine a demi stan trying to come at a legend tragic
y'all act like lana is close to be in the highest selling artists category.
that's my dude
by loyalty smh
i love how when people need a shoulder to cry on i'm there but when i'm in need for one no one is ever there for me
update: this is currently happening right now
i'm the same, tbh.
you searched your friends old twitters
live on : . vicki's going away party.
wow!!! what an amazing speech for an amazing person. lots of love to you vicki!!
i hate it how 5sos are only asked about their relationship status instead of their music in interviews
how can we read the article without paying like $10
that's exactly what he meant.of course sum ppl interpet it in a threatening way.rational ppl will see it for what it was
here's why: "hillary clinton should be put in firing line and shot for treason," said trump adviser. trump never apologized.
the path and the mind won't be going anywhere :)
this political election has made the worst of me raise to the surface
after this i'm deadass anti-banking in any format.
fuck boa, fuck wells fargo, fuck chase, fuck paypal, fuck venmo... all that dumb shit.
love so much that just pointedly asked for female comments from the audience. :-)
and now women are dominating public comment! woot!
alan kasujja asks audience to stand &amp; think of alan kurdi representing just 1 child out of many in crisis.
this was powerful. thanks for sharing
remember this weekend is !!! we hope to meet many of you !! we donated this...
. coco @ i r sorry we didn't meet u in person our whole family enjoys your drawings!
all in my shoulders lol
mine is neck, shoulders, feet. and then on top of that my hand is still on fire from yesterday....sooo that's fun lol
watch live: nyc mayor &amp; give briefing on manhattan explosion.
the second device was a pressure cooker. used by scums of terror cult why is mayor not sayin so???
imagine a demi stan trying to come at a legend tragic
i stan nicki mainly btw. demi is in the bottom of my list already.
what do i do with all of these?! trash? i guess i should keep the nec rf since its from tg16
well it depends. if they're headed for the trash id be happy to give them a home
donald trump on recent ny attacks: 'we're going to get tough, smart and vigilant':
mayors 1st response was denial, he needs to be replaced
note: this is for my @ name. i'm fairfax for the forseeable future, but i know the importance of a name you recognize.
when you feel comfortable that enough time has passed, change it.
no. but banning guns will not change what's happening in chicago. those guns will still be available to those ppl.
i'll wait for you to back up your claims with more than opinion/conjecture. nyc has brunch to get to. panic away.
is gary johnson not the oddest guy ever?
gary johnson is odd but oddly not interesting.
hm see i was leaning towards starting thomas haha
there are two reasons why i'm starting witten, one he receives more targets than thomas, super consistent
i repeat: call all the democrat reporters openly saying that blumenthal pushed it liars, dumbass.
i repeat, find one quote from hillary or her campaign.
why do peeps hate on houston? btw, how hard is it for ra zoning to be changed? random question i know
as far as i can tell, bc it's texas and it's unapologetic about building new suburbs
professor flitwick done said i got an a+ in charms class because i was able to tame the reist.
this is golden
twitter, is calm &amp; waiting for news about . if the rest of the nation could calm the f down, we'd appreciate it. thanks.
calm down, when trump hypes supporters and preys on fearful, phobic people?
there are two reasons why i'm starting witten, one he receives more targets than thomas, super consistent
two, i have allen robinson so starting two jags is risky for me
could a trump victory be responsible for a rash of suicides across the us and europe? we cannot allow this!
i believe a trump victory would cause the highest suicide rate in our israel! the wailing wall could become the suicide wall
thank you girls it washes out but i really like it xx
you're welcome! it's so cute even if only temp. you remind me of the model kirsty doll.
., , - we're in awe of your strength &amp; how inspiring it is! congrats!
great job folks, well done!
2) watching the bride's mom belting out the lyrics to doris troy.
worst moment: realizing that el capitan + scratchlive + rane 57 =
a lot of donald trump jr.'s trail missteps seem to involve white nationalists and nazis - the washington post
. what a surprise. daddy has the same tendency.
cash app? bluebird?
fuck em both.
looks about right.
you did that yesterday right? did you bring back some spicy ketchup
it's my birthday! today i shall do whatever i want!!
happy birthday!!!
9.23.16thr i can't imagine the day after january 20, 2016, anyone wanting to be near the hate-filled and racist pair
mark: i can't even imagine what life for our grandchildren is going 2 b like if hillary gets n: she has grandchildren 2:
when bae pull up
why you retweeting this hoe shit
yeah ur nightmate ofdishonesty/lying gov like hill!
stupid deblasio is more concerned fixing his tie!!!
if the subscribe to the alt right, then yes.
lol @ "alt right." you're like a living breathing talking point. try thinking for yourself man.
offensively iggy clogs lane for bron. isn't a good slasher like shump is.
dont agree. iggy's not a gr8 floor spacer?? my bad, but doesnt this guy play with the warriors. how does curry n thompson get
everyone is being stupid. they're all being narrow minded and unwilling to listen to anyone. and quick to blame someone else.
i worked with kids for about 25 years &amp; when they get caught is the same behavior i see from adults on social media. finger pointing
did i miss yalls show? i wanted to see it
yea u did. u left that day i blv. i remember we talked about it.
alright theres a lot more i could think abt but for this is just . w. whats up . dont judge me
i still think i should know more abt koga
the only one who seems less concerned than bill, is hillary. birds of a feather.
this was islamic terror only they use pressure cooker bombs which was 2nd device found
fucking stop with this islamaphobic bullshit about . you weren't there; i was. three blocks away. no one knows anything yet
so before you jump to your racist conclusions why don't you wait for the authorities to do their job and let new yorkers recover
did i miss yalls show? i wanted to see it
there's pics on my and laurel's instagrams
trump's so egotistical, i bet the reason he won't release his tax returns is they show he's not as rich as he claims
don't forget his mob ties!
awww how sweet. did you make him any dog cupcakes etc..?
no but i bought him some, a toy and roast beef!
jackpot! i can download your videos in hd.
you are the best!
happy bday k i love u so much my friend u are the absolute greatest ! have an amazing 17 bday
aww kam ily! thanks so much darling
are you accepting pitches for documentary ideas bc i have a few
"now loading - loading screens of the 2000s"
' talks to about the clinton 'email trail.'
great reporting. wonder if we will ever know the full extent of the breach?
bro you got my #. you should've just hit me lmaoo bianca came thru.
i know i left her moms crib after playig spades wit them and went home :/
a 100% avoidable situation, but at least hitting the building it kept her off the freeway and a potentially worse outcome.
exactly, bummer but fortunate for anyone else on the road last night
i want this!!
could you call me carmel 212 874-6504
i would like a refund , it was a horrible experience getting a bike out and back in which took majority of my 30 mins
pls give us a call 18552453311
breaking: an army of doctors just declared war on hillary! she is sicker than we thought!
we knew, media didn't or just lied as usual
we already are, come the fuck on. what nyer isn't always prepared for random shit?
wearing your doc martens to kick some shit today?
moroccan lumberjack
the other day on my snap i posted my brother and you sister said at first glance she thought it was you. and right now im scrollin
ask why in order to . if no answer, ask again. and again. why is credible. be your best advocate [&amp; detective]! |
"5 whys" is a technique to find root causes
blows me away ppl think djt more of a threat than isis, same ppl see hrc as savior, but is more corrupt than the mex gov
trump u has class action fraud suits against it in multiple states. his foundation paid fine for illegal contribution to fl ag
happy birthday
thanks will
as far as i can tell, bc it's texas and it's unapologetic about building new suburbs
ra zone: if it abuts something else like r1 might not be too hard. in panorama city there's rd &amp; ra mixed, might get rd there.
gimme that.
feed me please!
current mood:
this is your mood 24/7
it's time we had an official nigerian youth delegation to the unga
you can start an effective advocacy on that. hm is a great believer too
lol, minus the horses!
well there goes the dream of going to whataburger on chrome....
if someone did this i would probably run the other way. and possibly relocate.
wym, look at dat face
he's too old needs to go be a normal old man and sleep all day
for real tho. but its not even amusing anymore. its downright disrespectful to both player and fans, and idiot alderson too
yo, just saw.on the news that a bomb went of in nyc
yeah - fortunately no serious injuries
i strongly regret not reading the news before making that tweet
hey, i feel like i'm just trying to catch up myself! no worries!
watch live: nyc mayor &amp; give briefing on manhattan explosion.
this ultra left liberal is not getting second term. this was a islamic lone wolf attack !
this happened! via oh and
drinking a white russian no less. lmao!!
don't hype him up too much lol 2 weeks makes me worried. if things are not pretty tonight, i'd better not see those
campaigning for him to start week one to bash him and call him a bust. hopefully things are all good quick for sam and fans
pretty sure i my butt tweeted this
still love the pic !!
you tried to claim he was christian. that is false
why would an atheist chose to get last rites? i do not know a single atheist that would.
it's like maxie's done these jealous storylines for years but this one has no steam. she should be over this stuff by now
yes! exactly
whooo wants to talk mtg finance and speculation with this nerd
such as, my good badger?
i consider myself graceful like a hippo
be the hippo!!!
offensively iggy clogs lane for bron. isn't a good slasher like shump is.
room to launch shots?? he spaces the floor just fine and yes, his defense is waaaaaaay better than shump,+ he can shoot
god bless him for still being alive hunched &amp; all.
might outlive us all. wealthy ppl don't die lol
turn them off they have gone insane will do and say anything to keep all the money that hillary is paying them
food network is good!
"now loading - loading screens of the 2000s"
"workshop it - an experiment in rerecording old vg dialogue w/today's greats" (t baker: "jill sandwich!")
but it's rare! trust lol when plans ago around the beach is one of the last things i throw out
what's your ideal thing to do?
he spent so many years building up a reputation that he was better than this.
bought and paid for by clinton and obama! shame on him
until you realize you can't order online
imma fly out and buy whatever it is just because i need it when i want it.
i wanna be famous i wanna be on broadway i wanna sing for huge crowds and be praised i wanna go to auditions and act and sing my whole life
u can do anything i believe in u
i just watched your snapstory. the best. "dog"
i've done it before in dog dense areas but this was probably my best work
happy birthday to my funny friend ily
lmfao i hate myself but love you thank you
the jukebox selections when and watch uga together are extremely
wait were you there????
was wondering if you can help my friend angel thanks. he was told some misleading information
i was told by a t-mobile rep that i had to upgrade to the t-mobile one plan to get my free iphone 7. is this true?
a lil late on the meme train.
yayyy! somebody else answered with non cartoons!
yes eboard that's my eboard
angieeee your hair looks so big &amp; pretty
my picture roll is insane rn
but why is amy in that last pic hitting my gay heart so hard rn
ps lately every time i play diablo it says i have a gift for you. so i've sent you at least 3 gifts on there lol
wow. i need to log in. it's been a while. but i do like gifts.
it would be great if blizzard could just sue all these garbage developers.
get the fuck outta here.
stay green stay classy
i finally see the faint glow of the core on the left!
what do you say to the allegations that tom brady is a lizard person tho?
i for one welcome the ascent of our lizard overlords.
marshal running on track during the race as cars come towards him
i guess he won't be asked to marshal again...!
this is one of my favorite photos in life
he spent half the ride rowing with one hand&amp; talking on his cell phone. he's fine.
how can he say it's not terrorism???
cos he is ultra liberal leftist muzzle lover like hillary
qb austin appleby will have a top-5 d on his side this time, but in six starts on the road at purdue he was 1-5, 7 tds, 11 picks.
different team
oh christ, just heard about this. be safe mate!
cheers mate looks more dramatic than is although we've been walking up that road most nights but out of town last night
when ppl don't reply back to me.
i'm giving you the last word.. geez louise
i wanted to meet y'all 2day so bad! but you see the way my anxiety's set up.. i can't with that line
damn you both for being so amazing!
story of my life .
girl i went the whole day and all i did was pick over my food all day. feel like i'm having withdrawals lol
if i was god, i wouldn't wake you up all next week for saying that!
well, we bless thee most high that you're not!
this is your mood 24/7
you're one to talk
this is sickkkk! got that vibe man. thanks for sharing!
! no doubt! i dig your work
a lil late on the meme train.
though mr. peanut butter is an excellent character id to have gaha
i feel like u will be honest about this. worth it?
i was on there a few minutes to buy some books. probably pretty crowded crazy today so i'd say no. go to indie book fair :)
and uh marvel
i am legit mad about this piece of shit game.
when san francisco finally decides to deport its homeless people there will be nothing left to remind the new rich of their ridiculousness.
they'll find ways. they always do
sure it numbs pain and shit but i can't keep relying on that
glad you realized it
absolutely breathtaking boo
thanks love it really is!!
one american dies nearly every hour waiting for a transplant - yet a single organ donor can save as many as 8 lives.
a single organ, eye and tissue donor can save and heal more than 50 lives
why does the united states give so much money to israel?
votes! politicians are afraid to go against israeli needs. that's one reason israel was created in 1948.
&gt; is resisting describing bombing as act of terror, saying he wants to let law enforcement determine. stark contrast w cuomo.
patience a virtue &amp; nypd literally between a bank &amp; a "hardplace" right now.
why yes...yes, it will.
more likely reince will be in his backyard melting his ted cruz and john kasich dolls with a magnifying glass.
indiana's economy isn't the conservative success story mike pence is telling
pence was going to lose in indianna, big time. i hope the stink of trump follows him for a lifetime. palin stupid.
the usc fans are smiling...must have been very early in the evening!
yes, the usc band was playing, we won that contest!
let me ever find somebody that works for paypal... on god imma fuck that nigga up off gp.
especially if he work for the support division.... that's the nigga i'll give brain damage to.
i know people are down on fleener already but it seems worth the wait just in case it starts to click
not gonna drop him, but not sure for today. what about winston or dalton 6pt tds? flacco on the wire too.
that's fair
i try to be. not easy around here, and sometimes my inner asshole spins up before i can get it back in the box.
f the steelers.
we were friends yesterday, but today i fear we are enemies.
breaking! cuomo: it's terrorism "but not international terrorism" via
wacky? beyond wacky! where does he think terrorists come from?
i just went through this , did you find out what's wrong with it?
my hard drive, i just need to get a new computer i had the white macbook which is hella old
too soon, give him a few more weeks
that's exactly what went through my head.
not sure. i don't forgive people easily. get back to me in a week.
have mercy on me. i'll put you over somewhere lol.
thankfully so cause buddy.......you need to cut it this hair doing 16 things and none of them are good
... your still bad tho
any videos people want me to share email me pl1234562010.com will only share what i like
hot i want to try that too
they have been testing that theory for a few years. results surprisingly say that yes, no trash cans = less trash.
are those results shared anywhere? correlated to trash found elsewhere like on trains or outside of stations?
it's called hush and it f'ed me up
i'm watching it tonight alone in my bed
i can't show my man from stl some love dc? lol
between you and wall today, you make it easy to watch the wizards lose
i'm still dying bc thought i was german
are you serious, falling for that one? jsus
the channel was on free preview. you can add sports extra to receive redzone. ~ cs
oh ok, that makes sense. just didn't know it was a free preview.
on the morning of every emmys ceremony, i put on phil collins "in the air tonight" and stare blankly and violently into a mirror.
and then violently air drum when that part of the song starts
.: the number of patient voices at medical conferences has not meaningfully improved over the last 3 years.
patients. time to up the ante!
that thing where you get blood all over your apartment
keep a raincoat handy
a single one of these can ruin a man's life. y'all be careful out there.
yet i can never seem to find any of mine!
yeah, right. i know you're just ignoring me.
this would never happen
nevermind bbq canceled
kev you act like i'm not your favorite you fake grump
i just went through this , did you find out what's wrong with it?
and didn't have enough space for all that i was trying to do so it just deaded my life basically
she ended everyone's fave in 2012,2013,2014,2015,2016 so tea cancelled
lmfaoooooo what? delusional
it's awful looking
it's literally overwatch. in every possible way. i can't believe this shit.
and love is a sea you don't ever want to sink in
sans love my universe. would be as parched. as the sahara
that's mishear. it was a straw man q setup.
why accept the trump premise that obama's 2008 birth certificate and 1961 newspaper reports didn't prove anything?
outsold reflection and 7/11 combined
badlands outsold
small anaconda slithering.
oh, you meant the snake.
hbd lawton's!! thanks for all you guys do
aw coop but that last pic
i would say it's the constant islamic inspired attacks. but that's just me
sure, but you can't expect investigators to treat it that way - they have to follow the evidence.
nj, minnesota and new york all had some kind if isis sympathizers related attacks yesterday!
yes, agree. tell that to de blasio, what an idiot
can anybody read it, or are we all blocked. ;)
u must be blocked hahaha
someone pull me out of bed, otherwise i'll stay here forever and never get up early enough tomorrow for my car appointment lul
. streams for 5 mins, immediately get my ass out of bed to play games ( ) thx girl
then what happened w you?
uhm nothing, i'm a good college boy.
dear muslims: please, be safe out there. the hate has always been there, but it's gonna be even more intense now.
we don't know who perpetrators were.no need2stir up fear since we can't know where generalizing&amp;retaliation will be directed.
hey - was that you i saw in the boss gt-1 ad? if not, you've got some doppelgangers out there.
lol no! link me i wanna see this
football is just a game. and as such, it's fine. it's the institution behind the game, the shield, that is a problem
i'm not saying that the nfl is the problem kaepernick is protesting. i'm saying that the nfl is def not what's right about america.
it's even worse because that poor girl thought she was just going on some innocent date.
this makes me sick..
for any concerned family/friends: i wasn't in the city. i'm ok
glad your safe emily - stay that way
on this express line with my milks like
lady wasn't even done bagging my milks
pence on ny, nj explosions: "prayer and vigilance is the order of the day."
the second device found was a pressure cooker used by islamic terrorists. why is this liberal ultra left mayor not sayin so!??
would it be in any way shocking, if trump somehow had this "bomb" planted? it plays right into his hate-scheme.
man he's got you shook, joe. accusing a presidential candidate of bombing the city he's from? you serious?
the trump adviser who wants you to show a birth certificate to vote
republicans are desperate to prevent people of color from voting. after the election we need to find out who they blocked.
you started it
i did nothing
rnc chair: i never believed obama was not born in the u.s.
great pushback, . why does the msm believe everything says, but doesn't give mr. any respect?
our generation thinks hater shit &amp; pillow talkin, social media fingers is coo
but then again our generation thinks that it's foul. we're 50/50 here. we're a huge contradiction.
smart move posting as page and now as individual. different level of fidelity stored.
awesome!!!!
i suggest"colin" be renamed to "colon"? very fitting.
colon kaepernick is an ass.what comes out of his mouth is crap! nfl eats crap.
this u.s. city has more syrian refugees than new york and la combined via
testimony from someone who loves america. wonder how many coming here hate us? no vetting? we will learn as they kill us
"workshop it - an experiment in rerecording old vg dialogue w/today's greats" (t baker: "jill sandwich!")
"null reference exception - devs talk biggest bugs they know they shipped"
. both allow a media-savvy demagogue to dominate. normalization has to do with coarse tv culture and depiction of women
yes; i gave up on the "housewives" franchise. so horribly anti-women. just like trump.
yea that is. i was also thinking about starting both with my flex but i'd have to bench lativius murray or riddick
personally i'd start riddick in the flex
knicks twitter arguing over noah's nasty contract?
actually with the money that was out there no he made 14 mil last,yr &amp; he is only 31 not 40 like they want to lead u to believe.
not my fault my parents never sent me to bomb camp!!!
i was on twitter and missed that class.
lol now she tryna figure out how i found out saying nobody lives with her
lol i'm awready knowing how you feel but it ain't gone make you feel better knowing what she do jus let her live
is this how churros are made?
wow i luv when my culture is appropriated!!!!!
a dick has a sad life: his hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his bestfriend's a pussy, &amp; his owner beats him.
omg this is hilarious
"null reference exception - devs talk biggest bugs they know they shipped"
and anything about the apple pippin
smart move posting as page and now as individual. different level of fidelity stored.
just realized. the t-mobile interview was on my personal account. rugbyhubby.com
nah. catching up on snapchat. like windows to the soul
haha i was a little confused, i spent $20 at the jukebox last night and then we left
passed out from an anxiety attack last night so that was cool...
dude this shit is the worst
it's overwatch and also uh team fortress
cool it has rocket raccoon too.
please welcome special envoy on mary robinson to the summit stage.
. so pleased this issue is being featured at this year's
i'm not saying that the nfl is the problem kaepernick is protesting. i'm saying that the nfl is def not what's right about america.
at this point whitlock is a complete joke.
amusing on the surreal housing situation in palo alto. description both absurd &amp; generally accurate.
accurately describes the ignorance and arrogance that makes up the general populace of that town. a dangerous combo
finish ticket at kaaboo 9.16.16 shot for // can't wait to see them again in october!
dig these
a pro players setup i'm so ready for the na with
you're running two monitors off our ipad?? teach me, senpai
murtagh should have killed him when he had the chance...
then we'd sadly never have this adventure!
when they fell for the birtherism thing yesterday, i saw it coming a mile away. are they afraid of him?
wondered that myself. he has pledged 2 change libel laws if elected. cld already have chilling effect.
wow, talk about not even trying.
yet some will fall prey...
when you're trying to get in the mood but he's being playful
u always do this lmao
: candidates refer to nyc blast as bomb but takes brunt of media criticism
of course he does cause news campaigns for clinton and bashes trump!
san francisco, i am in you! i am home, showered, laundry is in the washer, and i have just eaten breakfast. next: groceries.
after 23 hours of travel, soon i'm going to keel over on the couch and stay there forever, so i'm trying to be productive while i can.
"rush hour commuters left stuck on virgin train after worker gets hand caught in coffee machine"
"wait a minute. homer, are you just holding on to the can?" "your point being...?"
i might gotta cut this trip to nyc short. it's been a week since i posted a vid &amp; my whole video editing setup is broken
no time for fun when there's stuff to take care of. might catch a flight in the morning, tuesday latest
i literally put vsav ahead of food and had a ft5 before worrying about breakfast lol even tho im starving
eat then we gear
na reggie is
that reggie bait is played out, regg don't even believe it lol
is mike pence honestly stupid, stupidly honest or just stupid? no he's deadly stupid:
pence is palin stupid.
can't wait wait to get hot and skinny
you be who you want to be! you are unique and no one can change that
this is sickkkk! got that vibe man. thanks for sharing!
for checking it out
hammers fantasy skin contest! if you could design a skin, what would it be? most likes wins + ice!
that's an awesome idea
at this point whitlock is a complete joke.
it's sad to see what he's become.
love to you both
please do not text me to "remind" me that sarah michelle gellar isn't nominated for an emmy () it's extremely triggering.
the editing is horrible, but story is just as screwed up lol. it's so bad it's good!
i am going to keep watching for now!
3rd one is my fave.. he'd just had a sip from a flask!
that is my fav too
both lived &amp; worked in the middle east in the 80's. met &amp; married there.
got it. you mean you used to do something else before making those beautiful scarves
loving the special unis tonight honoring those lost on the u.s.s. arizona at pearl harbor.
very cool, as was your interview with survivor, kate
just turn them off folks they have gone insane for hillarys money only some of fox news fox business great &amp; oann
only some of fox newscasts are fair!
doing an unfollow spree like this to keep the mutual!!
doing this in like an hour
from just about every news account of the events
can you send me one. haven't seen that specific info.
holy shit are you okay?
yes everything was/is fine!!
pak passport is on second position,from bottom. civilian &amp; military rulers must think about reason behind downfall
not only that they charge overseas pakistanis an arm and a leg just for visa
would kiiiill to be there right now
we'd love to have you! we hope you can make it to campus soon!
that's mishear. it was a straw man q setup.
you let her lie stand and didn't correct it.
what's that on the screen over there?
jet black iphone!
really missing her more then ever right about now
who does miss more?
was this week a new low in the relations between and the media? explains on
brian is steller msm must ask the ?we are unable to you are our voice.
pak passport is on second position,from bottom. civilian &amp; military rulers must think about reason behind downfall
instead of being courtesy and giving us complementary visa service
sending love to all nyc friends. stay safe, and please tell me you weren't in chelsea xxx
were all good x
i moderated a panel for the first time ever and it went well, all thanks to the incredible authors!
you were awesome!
which rb- ryan matthews gio bernard james white
which rb- ryan matthews gio bernard james white
i've rationalized that it's ok if i tweet it, but the actual team account is a bit nauseating.
makes it so much easier to watch the wizards lose.
this is a real problem. a president, for reasons of safety and national security, can't get ahead of the facts:
unfortunately,trump is ahead in the game.his followers don't seem to care about facts or reality...
it would be nice if trump can get close to 50% by the election
i think he's already there
no i'm not playing with her, we're in this together lmao
dead ass. she not going no where. we all going on dates together. lol
it reminds me of season 1 sooooo much lol
well that was the best season lol so it's okay with me
"why are you single?" because i'm crazy.
you gotta go
trump offered him the vp slot, which kasich wisely refused. and trumpkins think this is sour grapes!? lol!!
. rolls reversed. trump would never support anyone but his yuge ego.
i count 3 i'd keep:williams holmes &amp; gray...our roster need a divine intervention
what's your thoughts on the dream personnel needs (notwithstanding coaching)? thanks!
foot fetishists are freaking out over hillary clinton's feet via
i feel weird after reading that.
do not let them trick u(the media)he's not gonna do anything outside of what he's not comfortable with. he will have smart people
he though is to old and not smart. great marketer but when he speaks nothing is said but persuasion techniques
they are somehow ripping off like 3 games at once. impressive
and also marvel, because it pretty blatantly has rocket and groot. this is an established developer. i can't believe it.
about 50 percent of refugees are children.
shocking stats. pleased you've made it to the summit.
donald trump and hillary clinton respond to the explosion in new york
nyc mayor has admitted it was bomb blast and trump said that first. hillary dilly dallying as usual. this was islamic nutjob
making foods is not cultural appropriation u idiot hooker
i was kidding onyx lmao
actually better for him: she was leading when i was there and collapsed when i left for tour.
or if he is as smart as scott,he also projected clinton downfall&amp;"scheduled" his book release
were you able to get it back?
sure i jumped out of bed!
i'd love a hit-and-run detecting spy plane. rewind the video on every car crash.
listen to podcast: technology is here! seems it is up and running in baltimore. perhaps in nyc too.
you got a problem with the best franchise ever?
i mean us being leo's and all id thought we'd all agree the giants were the class of the division but i mean it's cool
idk how girls can actually act like this...... being this possessive is scary
this has to be a joke
i'm about to sell a kidney to see chance in october, wbu?
maddi trying to get me to buy $130 tickets, will i do it? most likely.
anything that is done to hurt numerous people should be considered a terrorist attack....
it is... except for this quack mayor
who asked for your opinion
i did, stop and you will accept it
if you think books published by soho teen/algonquin/sourcebooks/sky pony/spencerhill/smaller pubs aren't worth your time, farewell.
. as someone who works for an independent publisher this has warmed my heart.
but he is trying to become one, he isn't the same pre election modi
don't know since when pakistan raised the visa fees for american pakistanis - 192 dollars - totally outrageous
i heard you led praise &amp; worship
yup. praised your mom's while she worshipped me
segregation is still alive at these christian schools:
lynchburg! the name says it all.
woke up wit you on my mind bro , i love you .
keep yo head up i got sumn for you
nyc police commissioner : "dumpsters are a part of life in new york city."
i learned overnight that dumpster is a proper noun.
now that is a suit right there! are you cheering on in the medal match?
that hat is though.
yeah could be a speculation, although it could've been nice if he actually was bar mitzvahed.. its a unique &amp; spiritual experience
if love if that was true
i'd say any number of devices set to go off would cause terror. maybe i'm wrong. maybe it's just another day in nyc.
and we'll know soon enough, but don't expect (or hope) investigators jump to conclusions. they need to look at every angle.
each grain of sand, a moment, slipping through impatient fingers, falling into an amnesiac sea.
that was beautiful n moving. i need to be writing s stones. i'm at
lmfao nosh stop ily
i've been looking at u differently since u compared me to pineapple pizza
i'm sure if you ask. and if it's on the way. they don't mind it's a little extra cash for them.
he told me no
all these pleas im saying peace
jus get yourself right that's the best pay back hell yaw taught me that
should be a good 1
yessir! all my peops back now! it will be a fun game. lol i wanted to watch power at 12, but its too late now
" what's that funny-looking thing down there?" ( he's too much of a scaredy cat to check it out, lol)
he is very handsome
i guess the way i see it is i can fill my timeline with plenty of funny inane stuff on my own. i don't need you to change.
dudes on twitter who say "you should tweet less seriously" is just the internet version of telling a woman to smile
who loves 's new ?!...
my favorite part is your ring dangling off the side of your glasses. lol
jorrocks are getting a card machine next weekend = goodbye wages
oh for fuck sake.
so far today bombs: nj, ny, &amp; va shootings: dc &amp; mn is this the america we have now?
oh my my myprince fall on your face b/4 god and pray: whoever reads this do the same: read his texts above this
hell yeah dude
i hope you lose this week
have you tried sliding in their dms?
i def tried sliding into 's dms. but they weren't up in there.
this is such a bad screenshot, sorry
it's okay. i think most of us are assuming by now that if trump's lips are moving, he's lying.
your kidding me right? you are throwing hate when we have no idea who is responsible? how about some respect!
you're kidding us right? not about hate, its about being in denial that its terrorism
nice! it's not the nicest stadium but fans are great and a lot of history there
i'm ready bro been planning this trip with my homie for a few months now.
newsflash: it's actually ok to be of yourself //
thanks for sharing ! this .
anyone want a mint? they are effective at killing bad breath. ;)
don't show that box.
should be a good 1
yall boutta get this work!
i'll make a friendly wager with ya buddy. i'll bet you that he see's some nhl time with the islanders in 2016-17.
i think i'm looking pretty good for this my man
really hope fans don't get wrapped up in the "he said, she said" garbage. gossiping is not a productive approach to problem solving.
so true really he's gone, move on n get better for gods sake! give us something to root for, not dread!
so good for you
that does it ';l) ... as me and you are starting a marketing firm &amp; commercial advertising agency.
donald trump and hillary clinton respond to the explosion in new york
so trump was right !nyc mayor and fbi admitted it was a bomb ! clearly work of islamic lone wolf nutjob!
i have his quote usually attributed to deming in my talk!
pik ur kinda right: we were all drd wrote/spoke abt this paul et al 1/4
"we're gonna get trump if y'all don't vote this one way!" well, maybe we should focus on the half of white folks who like trump.
although democrats party made a move to no longer explicitly appeal to former blue dog con voters. they get hit if they do.
in the middle east us have failed almost all its projects, isn't it?!
kurd support in iraq, moderate support to jordan, and a few other projects show u.s. can do some sporadic good.
4 days til vacation with
our second one this year togevuh
the best way to get people out if trauma is to give them hope for the future.
this was brilliant. thanks for sharing.
we out, im going fr
i'm serious too. when is it we are out together
vs hillary clinton. this idiot woman campaigns against herself.
huh??? either: a) i'm not hearing correctly, or b) she says whatever polling tells her is the most popular stance.
chief of detectives says no connection to last night's blast &amp; central park explosive device but adds "so far"
and i marvel at the level of incompetence that the great people of new york city have settled for.
really kind of unbelievable that in the aftermath of a bombing in nyc and still can't manage a joint briefing
it's the banks brigid.
lady gaga's inevitable bankruptcy because her checks are too thin bc pi won't go number 1
oh no! whatever will she do with her net-worth of $275 million dollars! lol ppl need to take a fuckin nap
biggest scam of the night
that had us turnt
last sunday i said i was going to do it and a week later, here we are. back to team
look above at the pic!!
donald trump promises unprecedented abortion crackdowns if he's elected:
trump: themostunpromising promising man around! &amp;that's not a compliment!
this is the kind of republican i'll respect and take seriously after this election. the rest, not so much.
kasich is still in the crazy camp. he is just not as crazy as cruz and trump.
we are fine ... it's the upcoming that's fucked tbh ... us 90's baby(besides 98/99) are cool
they are completely fucked. at the same tome it's our fault. they're soaking up all the dumb shit we do.
definitely follow evidence. but i know where i'm placing my bets.
sure, that's fine. but i'm going a different way and awaiting what the experts say.
if you think people are being paranoid about putin you haven't read enough. here's a must read.
russians infiltrating our political system to wreak havoc and fear?
carl bernstein on : bill weld despises - there's a chance he might drop out &amp; help :
now that would be fantastic, smart, strategic, &amp; patriotic!
dangers of online grocery shopping: i meant to order 2 shallots but i ordered 2 pounds. (anyone need shallots?)
shallots hold for a while - you are set!
canon: lisia doesn't live in sootopolis me: i don't have to listen to you. you don't own me
she has an altaria she can just fly to whatever contest hall she wants
i like winston a ton this year. terrible matchup though. i like flacco over dalton this week i think
so you'd drop dalton for flacco and fire him up this week? dalton has den nx week too, so he might be safe on the wire.
she's a stunt double in the next zombie land....
don't laugh. the kids love zombies. especially ones that can barely stand up.
should i dye my eyelashes??
can people do that?! is that a thing??
sound a little jealous there
not at all. we'll be up next year and sunderland will be down
you had everything backed up ?
yeah i have all my music on an external hd.
we had been talking about leaving for like an hour! we didn't know you were gonna put that much in
i know... but i do it for the people, hope the rest of the bar enjoyed it. plus um
whoever took the time to create this fake ig n kept it going for this long is disturbed in the mind this is not me
its a diff name now and they hacked steff twitter now
donald trump's empire was built on inside connections and $885 million in tax breaks
nobody gets a job or builds a business with connections! shocking! no developer gets tax breaks!
taking cash from countries we're @ war with is treason! lying to fbi is punishable by confinement. shes as corrupt as mex gov
what cash? what country? what lie to the fbi? this is all right wing spin. trump supporters ignore the real law. make up their own.
i loved them all! lol can't pick a season lol
1. murder house 2. asylum 3. hotel 4. coven 5. freak show
and pence falsely claims clinton would deny people right to have firearms in their homes for protection
hrc is left of obama on gun control. left of bo is essentially putting laws in place to make ownership of firearms restrictive.
did you ever find out what 12 &amp; 20 rep on sf giants jerseys?
yes, jim davenport &amp; monty irvin are being remembered.
just landed in atlanta for tonight's big nan triumph awards. i am excited about this years show.
way to go bobblehead!
rec: get the aerobic + stretching/yoga in b4 u hit the gym... i damaged my atrophied muscles, have been bed ridden 4 mo
that's my worst fear
hi ! how long are you in sf for ?
hey! i fly back tomorrow afternoon. you here?
. and review damage from last night's explosion in chelsea. mayor to nyers: "be vigilant."
this was islamic lone wolf nut job. 2nd device was a pressure cooker used by islamists
adding me to a list does not make me feel special, it makes me feel like i've been put is a box and shrugged off. just say hello to me!
right on pal. well put.
and now women are dominating public comment! woot!
it was great this was called out
on my way! to the clinic. sorry i disappointed you matty
at least you're in canada where that shit is almost free smfh
han they're three brothers only :p
imagine a house where all of them walk shirtless. gaaahhh.
you're right
we both are.
and this is why i read the comments: edward lindon commented on "my teen boys are blind to rape culture"
that is an excellent comment
hey now hey now don't dream it's over
aussies????
i really want popeyes for lunch
in trust you can make this happen
we must protect our means to share &amp; see truth. call every day, please. must prevail.
here is a petition that will go to the senators. please rt, help stop the transfer cc
oh. honey. imagine driving cross country in america. it took me 23 hours.
...that's why i flew. it would have been 30+.
just found out that 9 presidents &amp; pm's from around the world are staying this week in the same hotel as me in manhattan
pls also find out that rest of the world really doesn't care about that :)
don't burn out man. relax. you won't save oracle.
i'm trying to save sponsor for free beer man... :p
she's adjusting
cone of shame lmao
biased cnn anchor jake tapper selectively edits hillary's comment to make her look better:
tapper, a douche
no fluff at this summit so far. everybody talking straight *and* strong. "we need to get real". what a breath of fresh air!
totally agree!
i generally regret engaging with anyone on twitter that refuses to tweet using their own name...
half the time a troll. other half in the financial community.
help us, jesus. please. mike pence says his role model for vice president is dick cheney - abc news (via )
- that confirms is an idiot. only 1 % of america thinks he's normal !!
here's my picks from the show friday. jets, giants, pittsburgh, washington, and minnesota and i'll add houston
so, you picked the jets on friday, huh??
we hope you are all getting ready for one of the hottest shows this year....
brand new tune star
. good sarcasm is a virtue. you just showed it. like if you were sarcastic or reply with or
reply exactly how i want to. i hate hillary anyway
girl i ain't goin outside today.
nobody delivers it mild wallys being homos
. and review damage from last night's explosion in chelsea. mayor to nyers: "be vigilant."
why not say its terror strike ?? enough pc they found pressure cooker bomb for godspeed
's retaliation options limited. 1) covert action doesn't appease public anger 2) air strikes on camps don't affect source of problem &gt;
i think this all has to do with cpec
i think the germans have made that mistake at least twice before....
see my interview in today's sunday times with ineos chief jim ratcliffe on this very subject....
those were your golden days of tweeting tbh.
: it was a simpler time.
i have no problem if they are developed countries.
totally agree.
are you deadass.
they handled this by the books in my opinion. they aren't to fault in anyway.
i think this all has to do with cpec
esp the uptick in balochistan
these are the only concerts i have to look forward to this year
one of those tickets are for me aw how sweet phillip! thank you!
nra news calls 's campaign "anti-gun warfare."
or just common sense. hyperbole is for pussies
oh a gas line broke in georgia well thats unfortunate
oh the gas line broke down in georgia the repairmen are looking for a leak to seal
how would you advise to debate hillary?
try not to drool to much and work on complete sentences.
the forces that surround us just tested the vulnerability of the 1st amendment ... and failed
excellent article. i posted a comment on the power of small viral actions. h/t:
the masterpiece series, and how it might /really/ effect standard prices
well it's not hard deduce! look at what te expeditions did for bfz in making gideon the most expensive cars there at like $25
.....we can reduce terrorism by reducing the number of isis inspired and sharia loving asshats that we let in.
totally agree, but tell that to obama, hillary, kerry
brunch with my husband and mother-in-law (@ the saint catherine - in brooklyn, ny)
still want to try this place. how is it?
looking at on 27th and looking west.
the pizza there is bad. warn pony tail.
cnn says pressure cooker was found at 2nd nyc location. recall reading trump had mob ties. anyone speculate he's behind it yet or am i 1st.
of course ur the first, more likely islamic terrorism, then ,
state troopers who are former found the 2nd device on 27th street, the pressure cooker with wires and phone.
why did they even look there is our real question?
don't sweat too much, let somebody come after you because you tweeted a picture of yourself at ;)
wish i could endorse that recommendation, but... i can't.. so... i won't... you know... because i can't...
woah where's this from?
it's called ! so good and all three seasons are on netflix
i actually haven't seen hotel yet lol i'm mad about that. and everyone liked freak show the least...i wonder why lol
hotel was pretty good but sometimes a little too much. freak show was kinda ass lmao
spoiler: marlene confirms maya is dead, but we may meet a relative.
maybe this will explain why she was here. i don't think ali would have of it. myemily they really loved eachother
this is because obama believes he is better than any other leader and he shows no respect for the leaders of other countries!
wow that's really not true.
bro iggy can't shoot. just cause he had a decent shooting finals doesn't mean he can shoot. look at his shooting numbers
i disagree. i dont concentrate on numbers, i watch the game n what i see is iggy puttin that ball in the hole
but i'll be trying to get to sleep and all i'll be able to think about is that avacado
vividly remember your appraisal of the avocado
gov. christie: "the birther issue is a done issue"
no it is not done! you and your slimy ilk perpetrated bs for 5 years. it will last w/you longer!
i'm offended not because you said my mom, but because you think id believe you even know about secks w/ a woman
i had to think about pulling the mom card but assumed you wouldn't care lol
especially photos first index in ios 10. 200,000+ image library took some crunching (but totally worth it)
same here. i only have around 10k and it takes a few days it seems.
icymi, trump leaves devastation in his trail.
- rump is not american - he was hatched somehow
cavs offense is give lebron the ball and sit on the wing and wait to get the ball.
dont forget about ky
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
"irresponsible intent" isn't a thing. but just like everything else, you make shit up you fucking idiot.
are you joking? he gives 25 g's to a campaign,and she takes 100s of millions of dollars from foreign countries! no comparison
no specifics. the clinton foundation? that foundation has helped people all over the world, e.g., in fighting aids in africa.
cy is so pretty i'm crying
what the heck sophia ur so pretty
we'll see who go to playoffs
tbh y'all going .. if y'all play like y'all was last week
it's cute that thinks he'll still have a party in november to punish anyone.
isn't america a democratic country? so they r gonna b punished just bcos they ddnt stand behind a racist ?
throwback to when tyler oakley attacked liam &amp; accused him for being homophobic. idk how people still respect him
what a dick, that tyler was
rasulallah (pbuh) declared to all muslims on his final hajj in ghadeer "who ever i am his leader, ali is his leader
while sahabas said to themselves :p "yea right"
when is 's book on databases coming out? i'd like to preorder that.
personally waiting for his jockstrap selfie coffee table book, but you do you.
obama has been treated poorly because he has not done anything to earn the respect of other countries.
you are delusional. you need a straight jacket.
if you're interested in what it's like to make an indie record, i'm doing a journal with some bits of the process.
most things will be kept under wraps until the record is done, but i try to archive the up-and-down nature of doing something like this.
will need to be extra-careful today with , because refs will be on high alert to throw flags after all the hub-bub.
wait so what ur saying is more ineptitude to make up for last weeks ineptitude? shocking!
to be fair tho i was partially forced because there aren't many black cartoon character lol.
this is true!
we hope you are all getting ready for one of the hottest shows this year....
brand new tune
are your employees engaged? find out how your organization compares to the world's most innovative companies.
when somethings free, you are the product. do you know who cultureamp is selling your data to?
no link to foreign terrorism seen in explosion, cuomo says via
riiiiggghhtttt. just in case anyone is curious "why chelsea."
media,officials ignore reality sad ! terrorism in nj , ny &amp; mn in 25 hrs ! serious sh-t !football stadiums next ?
lone wolves &gt;generate fear for a trump edge&gt;set off in chelsea as sign 2 hrc &gt;in dumpster so no deaths
well it's not hard deduce! look at what te expeditions did for bfz in making gideon the most expensive cars there at like $25
as opposed to liliana, the last hope at 45-50. eldritch moon wasn't opened nearly as much to my knowledge.
most my friends are part of the nation so you'll be in good company. have fun bro!!
exactly we all family some just don't know how to act n i appreciate it bro.
drinking a festbier by at -
steven, just remember , there is school tomorrow! obey the rules!
tapper,an employee of cnn, n notwithstanding knew that hrc initiated the birthed issue n sat on that critical fact, can't blame hrc
- you're an awful person. hc never peep'd about it. drt dug at the core of blacks rising by delegitimize the first pres
recipe 1.0.2 plugin released
wow you just made my client migration a lot easier!
intentional bombs are not terrorism? what the fuck?
deblasio is also a muslim sympathizer &amp; will coverfor them
if victims are rsthis iswho u'rewith&gt;isis isis claims responsibility4minnesota mall attack
= they'ddeny&amp;
i had to get my car there.
my parents already sold mine
crew vacation time?
count me in bsis:-) your the best coordinator!
this mystery tour better not have sex dungeons or torture devices. and if it does, there damn well better be wine and snacks, too.
you did write your safeword in line 20 of the release form, right?
the bbc used "bin" for clarity
yes i loved that.
if only you could see how silly, stupid, petty and fatal your religious ideologies are. you'd make fun of them too.
well, i would rather make fun of the people who follow these ideologies not realising that religion cannot be this inhuman. :/
cnn edits out clinton referring to ny explosion as 'bombing'
trump said its a bomb first &amp;the nyc mayor and fbi just now said it was a bomb !! hillary looks depleted ! low energy!!!
bro iggy can't shoot. just cause he had a decent shooting finals doesn't mean he can shoot. look at his shooting numbers
whos to say he cant shoot like that again? cant make his free throws but that 3??? thats what he do
she has us ag, state department, obama, fbi in her back pocket, and you're saying how bad he is for giving 25 g's? ok bro w/e
must be magic how she has all those people in her back pocket. or just delusional right wing brainwashing that conjures it up.
nyc mayor should go on the way he's dancing around the word
and he will guarantee to win the highest trophy -- oh wait, obama just took it.
if the press pursued trumps taxes with the same zeal they used for hrc's e mails trump would be 20 points behind
they've seeded the "she's untrustworthy" narrative while completely failing 2 confront him about anything.
who's the backup tackle? beadles?
he played it some his rookie year in denver, but nobody has really practiced there
"intentional. violent. it was a bombing. motivation? we don't know yet"
it's crazy these people have to much time on there hands try doing some volunteer work omg
thought provoking discussion on poll showing historic low in public's trust in media
click bait is the media today. there are no 's left in the biz
when the ambien and diazepam kick in at 8 pm but you have to pretend to care
you are a sicko
right??? i don't get why some people don't lol
i think people immediately assume fictional means cartoon?!?!
have fun at sonoma. if you get the chance to meet pwc driver do it. he's a bad ass.
currently sitting on the pit wall waiting for them to wheel the cars out. i'll keep an eye for hin
jpp better be out there today
he's in, we're good
when in trinidad....
slay me rae!
we hope you are all getting ready for one of the hottest shows this year....
brand new tune kadondo
apparently, trolls get paid extra for bullying and name-calling.
seriously? where's my pay? i try not to bully or name call but trump supporters provoke or haven't you noticed?
i consider it a personal insult to have an unscrupulous potus who hates tell americans to elect her.
behold! your prick in chief.
texas' offense is clicking with sterlin gilbert, but you can't ask any offensive coordinator to score over 50 points a game every week
the offense did have 2 picks that resulted in td's so loss not entirely on d. that's a 28 pt swing
nyc mayor wants us to "see something, say something" while not jumping to conclusions and not telling us what they really know.
which of course you know
i'm glad denzel is coming out of the mindless action film after mindless film phase. i don't know what he thought he had to prove.
i think we sometimes forget that actors are workers.
good speech this am. she didn't fall down once. yet. today.
congrats on being an embarrassing piece of human garbage. delete your account.
my baby! always killin' it.
thanks babes
also interesting that anyone would actually want to be though of as "deplorable." but if the shoe fits...
they see it as a badge of honor. "i'm not pc!" = "i support nation division, racial oppression."
breakingnews: nypd commissioner says no group or individual has claimed responsibility for explosion in nyc's chel...
yeah, they r waiting for the at-large criminals to pick up the phone.
watching my son score a really nice goal makes the 5:45 wake up worthwhile.
and now daughter's game.
i do remember getting down to pony
we took shots of hpnotiq to pony
born archer
look at this video
everything is going pretty well. how's everything with you? and lol russian of all languages
can't complain lol and yea right! it's crazy. how's college life treating you?
alice willingly made a convenience/security trade-off by asking banker bob to guard her money. she could have asked bill instead.
alice does not have to have any relationship with bob *at all* to have bob open eve an account in her name and report it.
&amp; msm try desperately to tie david duke to trump but refused to tie sid blumenthal to hrc
- yeah. silly us. one guy is king of kkk &amp; your other has a jewish atty friend
do you root for the jets because you live in ny?
i don't represent them though
crew vacation time?
paradise would be nice!
quite seriously, i think mr andreessen needs to spell out what he means here:
i'll take "likely racist assumptions that ignore differences in socioeconomic status" for $800 please tom.
are the belgian linen duvet's at west elm the same as the ones at pottery barn?! just named different colors??
do you know?! lol
see di,why i like moubani most!check her replies.bachha holeo never tags vc unnecessary!she stands out the queue
right prinks! i've noticed this too. moubani never tags vc needlessly tho we knew about her ph from her t to vc.
chris christie falsely claims donald trump stopped being a birther years ago
christie/trump/giuliani, a triumvirate of hype men who don't care about reality.
no moyes will be fired and the next coach will go on a streak. that's how it works haha
ha, i actually can't argue there
"more than a billion dollars at stake if dakota access pipeline stalls, company says" by
as if we care about their billion dollars boo hoo
lol that lil ass explosion wasn't that serious
still an explosion tho
i get the strangest dms
lmfaoooooooo someone clearly has a foot fetish
i don't see a tortoise there
loltrust me if i could've brought him i would've! just pick the most attractive in the photo- thats me. haha
if you had your choice would you be the child of superman/wonder women or a green lantern
or lastly a student of batman
if launchd ain't happy, ain't nobody happy. any suggestions besides "reinstall"?
pentagrams and incantations?
you are fucking trash.
don't use a black woman to validate what you did.
now that huma is divorcing him, can't you guys control him????
no forthcoming dick pics going to hillary's blackberry i gather.
last night felt like a truck hit me, today coughing so hard lungs ache. fixing (?) with pozole and auburn football. send home remedies.
oregano oil capsules!
but that doesn't help him with quick guards who can shoot from anywhere. example steph curry
maaaaan listen. iggys d on curry would be better rhan that of shumps. plus shump is unpredictable. u never know what ur gettin
went to the tag to see if there was any more information, &amp; all i am getting is islamaphobia &amp; fear mongering. sad.
go to the middle east and i'm sure you'll find it justified.
pshhh anything but typical, it's just that me and your brother are two of a kind
lmao "two of a kind" wallah that sounds like something he'd say
mike pence: the birther issue is over
not till there is an apology from trump to president obama and america!
doin' 2-lane blacktoplike ride thru nc, james!
can get tricky racing for pink slips with warren oates.
shit. you aight?
yeah police found second bomb closer to my school but got rid of it before it went off so everything is fine
india blames jaish e mohammed for carrying out terrorist attack.
naam kuch bhe rakh lein the real jaish e muhammad was always led by ali ibn abi talib
play memphis
i don't know if the young players are scared of the big players ego and it's affecting their play
how are you getting ready for nfl sunday?im making a sign that says "more like chelsea manning" becuz the giants offence is a dumpster fire
now i'm mad online
rules for radicals. america should understand that obama&amp; hrc believe in these tenets
yep they are what they are doing to our country
you know when every minute of your night is on snapchat you had a sick night out
bro u tryna fight bro? lets throw hands right now
i just published "entrepreneurship: the lonely journey &amp; your mental health"
once again has 'hit the nail on the head'! truly a great read/a must read!- 4 those who feel isolated n different @ times
lol. i'm dem. i can see i must be only democrat that can tell the truth. it's ok buddy bury your head in the sand.
trump is unbalanced &amp; unqualified. has no idea what to do. elect him and you get george bush iii. surrounds himself with losers.
it's cute that thinks he'll still have a party in november to punish anyone.
they have a right to choose a candidate fit to be president
it is so amazing to see the reach the photos have had even going international. still humbled by this wow.
you've done something amazing! i can't wait to see you on santo domingo invita or something like that
"intentional act?" does one accidentally plant a pressure cooker filled with shrapnel
who said it was filled with shrapnel
why does it make you sad?
yes, i know it's not required. rarely are these tools required. they just end up creating defacto prescriptive forms.
beyonce makes me want to fall in love, get my heart broken, pick myself up, and become an independent, bad ass bitch all at the same time
you're about to be famous with this tweet. block all those stupid ass pages before they steal this lmao
nope - i'll be there sun
ah okay, next time! let's catchup soon
so - um, you're issue, basically, is that he was right?? seriously? dude, even i am not that big of a moron.
tapper was on the board of the clinton foundation. of course he is in the bag for hillary.
chicago police: we never spoke with donald trump, he's lying about the whole thing
- you really wonder if trump supporters are normal. they must have nothing and see him as the only salvation. sad group
5 years ago, folks outraged by financial abuses kicked off . made change.
yes,keith then we found out was set up by cia &amp; agents like dailykos sprouted up w/hokey
october 7th, that weekend ima go
how you plan on getting there
you are so blind! there's a couple of polls that obama is the worst president in american history! he's actually in the middle
you are a very hateful person. you wouldn't know the truth if it were tight in your face. this convo is over.
there's enough evidence that he knew &amp; did nothing that it made yesterday's ceremony embarrassing. i couldn't watch the game.
if there was enough credible evidence he would of been arrested before he died. plus they didn't mention his name once yesterday.
i literally have bruises all over my thighs bc i'm clumsy and always bumping into shit fml
deadass me but on my hips
sex ratio (males per female) india: 1.08 china: 1.06 us: 1.05 turkey: 1.02 uk: 0.98 germany: 0.97 france: 0.96 japan: 0.95 russia: 0.86
evidence of us sex selective abortion?
condolences typically expressed after a death. it's almost like you want people to think this was worse than it was.
i'm sure that he does.
and also see some pics that you will never forget :-)
as in need soap to wash it from your eyes??
instead of worrying about those effected about the attack lets just start more at shit among ourselves. that'll fix it.
what i find odd about, is that when 9/11 happened, there was none of this, but now people refuse to admit the media controls them.
this frightens me.
i don't even watch it and i'm scared lol
im almost 30 and still planning mine
we'll be in good company
i smell jihad and hrc/media denials &amp; equivocations. do we really need 8 more yrs of this crap?
. i think its a new cooking product developed by : slices, dices, minces, chops. name it? bomb-o-matic?
best way to get someone's attention? pretend like they're not even there.
the sad sad truth my friend. works like a charm tho lol
exactly. growing up you're aware of how the world perceives you and what it's advantageous to present yourself as and you adjust
as an unambiguous asian american, i only get the "model minority" pass when it's offered. other ppl of color don't even get that.
and you'll lose in historic fashion
. hey deplorable, watch this. montage on trump disagrees with himself on every issue.
a cerrrtain species of serrrrpents
i was really looking for "r"
the lying never stops with dems are desperate join rally at 9am!
she is 100% right, with hillary you'll get nwo. she is getting billions from them.
sorry you're so stupid and bias you gotta make shit up to make yourself feel right.
"biased". it's a verb.
cnn edits hillary statement; removes "bombings" in her press conf: spread this!
cnn &amp; others acting like communist news agency! disgusting!
we can be friends again at 4oclock eastern standard time.
that seems like a fair arrangement.
me too..very cool.
is a genuinely genuine politician.
delusional is all u need but i would've paid.
the season is over. focus on more important issues like is. you prob have many fans/followers in swing states.
and msm can't stop talking about trump weighing 236 @ 6'3"! hillary looks to be the same weight as trump!
yes! but god forbid anyone, particularly trump, says anything about her weight.double standards run rampant.
palo alto has same dynamics as sf i think. mt view...not sure
no, pa is very different from sf. pa is entitled. there's at least some conversation about social equity in sf.
why you're still going on i just can't comprehend.
it's ok you got all day, but once you stop thinking twitter cares about your feelings or what you think, you'e almost there
instead of worrying about those effected about the attack lets just start more at shit among ourselves. that'll fix it.
and "their" media. this is why i refuse to have a go to source....i actually check all sources or ignore them, depending on situation
i just found a secret secret dino club cd
yoooooo mail me that
kurd support in iraq wouldn't be needed if us wouldn't open pandora box before...
kurds already oppressed by hussein. 1970s uprising. 1980s reprisals post iraq-iran war
cursed image 25
i've seen kids do this at work lol
tsa will go through your stuff
ah! lol yeah i checked that bag. luckily no issues lol
i look like a crackhead but this is my most personal piece i've written &amp; i though i'd share it ()
this needs to go viral. everyone needs to hear it.
shoutout to his friend uploading this awesome footage
i forgot about that video. game is gonna wash him bruh
breaking news: : boom sound heard from b/w 6th &amp; 7th on 27th st, possibly controlled explosion.
"boom sound"? is this kindergarten? explosion due to terrorists. stop hiding the facts!
literally every redskins fan looks like this
my group chat is loling at this
shoutout to timehop for this blast from the past. thank god for minimalism am i right
"blast from the past"
one year ago, posted this photo to ig with the caption 'it's getting darker' 151 days to go!
i love niall leonard's books. cannot wait to see the screen writing he's done for fsd &amp; fsf.
christie defends trump's suggestion that clinton's bodyguards should drop weapons
christie/giuliani/trump, a vindictive, disingenuous&amp;devious triumvirate of con men!
all 29 people injured in have left hospital, mayor says
lone wolves &gt;generate fear for trump edge&gt;set off in chelsea as sign 2 hrc &gt;in dumpster so no deaths..just terror
i'm coming back to melb in nov, any startups in iot you could connect me with for possible articles for readwrite?
this is brisbane, but very cool:
being half something is probably the hardest...neither community accepts you as one of their own, makes you a perma-outsider.
your dad, in that case.
i tip everyone. sara's tip is her eating my food
i have no recollection of this
alice would not be held liable in those circumstances. bob would have to prove she opened the account to sue for sums drawn.
alice does not have to be held liable to be consequenced via e.g. her fico down 200 points while she does 6 weeks of calls.
ready for four worlds of jiggy fumbling? i hope so! live now!
ahh i'm on a trip in san francisco so i missed the majority of the stream
accidentally recognized that long pressing on imessages on provides this reaction pane.
ha ha (sent with lasers)
i directed to deploy 1,000 officers after out of abundance of caution.
thanks governor cuomo
yes, i know it's not required. rarely are these tools required. they just end up creating defacto prescriptive forms.
tools like cra fundamentally limit the wider ecosystem by adding social cost to not doing things the "standard" way. always.
you know, wars, small or large, usually have consequences. people, lots of people, get killed.
so do words....words have consequences too..... and in today's india(sorry bharat) too many words are being spoken
early birds start at their way to +
wondering why i am in this picture.
youre a homer but thats okay. thats what being a fan is about. carolina aint gonna let gabbert extend drives.
i think outside of luke &amp; td they are very average
i'm coming back to melb in nov, any startups in iot you could connect me with for possible articles for readwrite?
also, may know
lol at this point just walk up to someone and ask
i'm good cash got me some raspberry kush
actually what he said was at this preliminary stage there is no link to int'l terrorism such as isis, but it was terrorism
the same as was done in boston marathon 2013. this stuff rarely happened b4 muslims were let in to usa.
i want to abolish the 1st amendment. why doesn't media completely stop covering me and my campaign &amp; we'll see what happens? how about that?
trump so afraid to release taxes. prefers no media coverage as releasing his taxes will deem deem "finito"
a medically dangerous system built on labor exploitation with little safety net save taxpayer handouts to oligarchs.
. i didn't realize whitlock is such a socialist, given the tax subsidies the league and its owners receive.
idk but it's nifty
i'm on the line
ugh this is the worse! when i first moved here i use to get so anxious riding the subways and path! i got better but now
i'm always in that area too, so it's so scary!
everyone knows it was hillary. media lies but we all know the truth
. hey deplorable, watch this. montage on trump disagrees with himself on every issue.
chris christie falsely claims donald trump stopped being a birther years ago
oh yeah, and christie stopped eating donuts years ago!
a dino enthusiast friend is a devote jehovah witness. he believes dinos and humans lived at same time-and t-rex were gentle plant-eaters.
if you believe one crazy thing (invisible bearded sky man), then it's easier to believe other crazy things.
i've got three wishes ready in case i ever meet a genie: - live forever - unlimited money - never have to see a geico ad again
never see any ads again
where ya at b?
on my way! i'll be there in 10-15!
no wknd svc to/from christopher st, 9 st, 14 st, 23 st, 33 st
got it. thanks for the quick response.
watching at home is always the best option
good lord, no one is there. troll away
adapted it 4 altho it's not 1of ~alchemy 2/4
saw deming spk (met him) his msg:ldrs/dysfn'l culture / bad systms beat ppl down 3/4
on meet the press, trump surrogate says "there is an otherness" to president obama:
and got away with it
she explicitly said "bombings".
hey, are you going to believe your own lying ears, or hillarys media lap dogs?
"if you have a critique for the resistance,then you better have an established record of critique of our oppression"
support a better america!
5 words: nose over tail for you
plugged in and ready to fall
all independent thought provokes--doesn't require a sadistic response.
"independent" vileness? yeah you're right --- i could just block the sobs.
on my way! i'll be there in 10-15!
we're in raiderville right now.
just read about the bomb. all is well?
i'm far away from all that. but thanks for asking. :)
oh wow he's gorgeous
he is and he's a real character. i'm just enjoying watching him
on way of beating trump is gop expanding voting
: i'm dem, all-the-way, gop not my party. kasokim
i think "prescriptive use" is clutch to learning. sandbox is too daunting to newbies.
i would argue that newbs shouldn't be starting with react. practical examples help more anyhow. not todomvc.
-time to throw the kitchen sink. trump rises insulting all blacks &amp; the mex stage w continuing verbal sewer. and it's permanent?
- at what point does your post column outline his utter lack of preparation for this leadership job. toilet trump media flush jp
transparency and birtherism dominated the conversation on this morning's meet the press. here's , iycmi
dominated in a bad way
not sure what i just witnessed
this gentleman keeps a stuffed animal in an ice chest when its 99 degrees out
iggy wouldn't be able to guard steph
i just gotta say thats the only place i beg to differ.
my great aunt is a libra too and she passed down an arabic gold libra necklace to me that brought her good luck for years !!! i needed this
i haven't even seen it yet, she called me and told me but i know i already love it
putting you two in touch
thanks. phone rescued should have it back later today.
i think we are pretty comfortable supporting her. especially given bernie who i voted for and i are in agreement.
seems bernie is campaigning for trump on the downlow lol, he knows watsup
being half something is probably the hardest...neither community accepts you as one of their own, makes you a perma-outsider.
my kids are mixed, but still all-asian. they have their own perspective. country is changing, they are the ones to change it.
the msm doesnt hate trump because hes republican/racist/sexist its because hes a nationalist most every prez in recent history was globalist
not sure that's accurate, what does the media have to gain from globalization?
trump will win with 298
this whole real estate guy for president charade will come crashing down soon:
never would have thought i'd hear u in belgium. was listening to news on armed forces radio. a familiar voice came on. yours!!
wow! how cool is that?! thanks for letting me know.
transparency and birtherism dominated the conversation on this morning's meet the press. here's , iycmi
the trumpians dominated as usual
can't wait til jake and i can get a house together
and i can come hang out??????
hope you have a blessed day!
thank you! same to you!
from experience of talking to people on twitter, gh, and so, the pendulum has swung too far the other way. cra brings balance
well... that's partially the documentation issue. like most docs at fb they are pretty awful.
cnn edits out clinton referring to ny explosion as 'bombing'
the msm is so dishonest. we miss andrew breitbart. we need to create new
he's got a big ass head like oj and this shits scary
he's like a cross between brady and the chucky doll
watch the finals again bro. if iggy isn't locking someone up he doesn't help that much
ok gotta go back to the tape
riddick. can't take a chance on dt playing in the late afternoon game unless u have somebody to plug in last minute
great point. you're awesome!! thank you so much!
i wouldn't be optimistic about starting rawls against 1 of the best dlines in the league &amp; he's gonna split carries w cmike
he's gonna get more carries this week then last week, but la does have a great dline
st. cloud police holding a news conference at about 12:15 p.m. today to give more information about the mass stabbing at crossroads center.
yesterday was not a good day to be anywhere
such a damn lying hack! blumenthal is the one.
. hey deplorable, watch this. montage on trump disagrees with himself on every issue.
oooh name and shame that shit...
its cute. i want to see how far it goes. honor isn't cheap, see how much currency burns.
not to worry. you have both a left and right ear. double the listening!
that sounds like it would make my brain blow up!
except pepe is waaay hotter
&lt;&lt; finds animals sexy! sicko
what's the motivation behind that? do you use it for prototyping or production?
everything. all of is built on webflow. if they're missing stuff i need, i can insert custom javascript.
glad to hear it! how'd i do that? :d
well maybe not the migration so much as implementation. i was using some matrix fields with a lot of extra cruft.
just refuse to drink sugary beverages and leave the govt out of it. u need govt control of you?
our healthcare premiums subsidize effects of cheap soda on oakland kids. i'd prefer not to
now we have proof the is linked to radical , thought it was good time to post this one.
1the proof it was radical islam is "write" on..
twin princes boss fight. fairly proud of how quickly this went.
i'm going to buy this the day i finish bloodborne! (i am never going to finish bloodborne.)
if the environment is noisy the microphones on the phone will pick that up, no?
airpods are "smart" (m1 chip!) can signal process and filter - see:
i been unfollowed lol
me too lmao i totally forgot about her tbh
it's a reflection of you
aww thank you so much!
uh... thought &gt; price tag?
nah. these chicks asking they man for it then amped when he gets it or upset when he doesn't lol
really? you're whining over a 2yo tweet?
i'm whining? we need to reconnect and drink again someday ;-)
late post -
ahh thank you!
disagree, but i'm just talking new to react.
ah, different, gotcha. still will argue against prescription - it's rarely helpful at a higher level than syntax.
when your are playing in your hometown and you're here front and center
boutta catch that l
i get called a hipster a lot but i'm currently at the moma ps1 zine/art book fair and i don't understand anyyyyyyy of what i'm seeing.
there's a booth selling white t-shirts that say *sigh* twombly in arial and they are sold out, if that gives you a better idea of the crowd.
ooooh... reply all.. &amp; radiolab.. and invisibilia and heavyweight! are you stalking my podcast playlist megan?
no, but maybe i should if you have some that i'm missing.
that's one passive-aggressive way to submit your resignation, mr. chairman.
i mean if you're threatening half the gop, u better be involved in some secret blood orgy cabal with all the oil execs
i think we are pretty comfortable supporting her. especially given bernie who i voted for and i are in agreement.
seems bernie is campaigning for trump on the downlow, lol, he knows whats up
100% that you're gathering to confront many issues around dating but my cotton panties don't need to be overcome
and your heart! the heart loves who it loves! how dare anyone try to "break down" that barrier!
hah never noticed this graffiti on the build with amhersts lab. foreshadowing much?
hey alpha, what's your ps4 tag name? i'm toomker7, let's hook up and clear the area!!
agreed. mine was meant to be a tongue in cheek comment, slight sarcasm intended
totally, i get it. it's just a sad epidemic lol --personally i like the ball extension crossing the goal line
i'm going to buy this the day i finish bloodborne! (i am never going to finish bloodborne.)
bloodborne became my favorite game.
that's what i do--block vileness period.
do you believe russia has our best interests at heart? do you support trump because you hate hillary?
u r welcome. here r banked credits vs compliance obligation &amp; credit generation
looks like existing biofuels will meet this years standard, so credits not as needed til at least next year.
that "something" is the fact that a parking space is literally the same amount as a car note.
parking is expensive, but if you want to do weekend things you'll want one. public transit here is awful and stuff is so far apart
new interview of jamie! he talks about family, losing his mom and friends and more...
the fact that jamie dornan is such a good family man only makes him sexier, and his wife is just gorgeous.
spot on 27th st where the pressure cooker was last night, cordoned off and guarded
you're in town!
covering mets today but promise to address that via blog/web site/paper prior to next game. will send out link...
would for fixing team usa in the world cup entail a complete roster and philosophical overhaul? asking for a guy i know.
hmmm what should i buy?
fake id and fake yeezys it is
"cnn anchors have finally had it with donald trump's lies" -
but if you watched this morning you'll have seen that they swallowed &amp; regurgitated 's lie about s.blumenthal
lmao ! fckn lit , has to happen
i'll be waiting so i can comment hella heart eyes &amp; "yasssss bishes" lol.
call us sell outs if you want, but today we are dolphins fans! swamp blood is thicker!
tell todd his old babysitter says hi
i was supposed to watch power this morning on demand but i'll watch tomorrow i'm working 2day
dayum! how u gonna watch the game. i'd be pissed
when discussing your personal lives in a safe &amp; caring space turns into me being a bigoted fetishist, we're gonna have problems.
women aren't just genitals. a person who falls in love with a woman falls in love with a whole person who is a woman!
when returning to the building
thankyou, thankyou very much....
trevor sieman or joe flacco?
i'd go with flacco.
stay in your lane
this lane is my lane and ur lane is my lane *read in the tune of whitney singing ur love is my love*
few things more irritating than people saying ironic when they mean coincidental
yes, agreed
mr. robot is one of the best productions of this generation
this show makes me want to be more antisocial than i already am
i love how us getting trashed by an elite team means that we haven't been owning them anymore.
lol and still gon beat them again this year.
collecting these. worth a blogpost, if i can find time :)
i'd be happy to share my perspective if you'd like!
get 5% back sitewide at rakuten after code ends 9/30 ~ sale - get 'em before they're gone!...
+ shipping mega % off discount deals for everything at rakuten ! etc
so one time while we were fishing in mammoth we were playing pop style and the 'got so many chains they call me chaining tatum' part came on
as my brother was baiting his line and instead jr sang "got so many baits they call me masterbaiter" &amp; i'm just happy he's my brother
which connect 4 i can't figure out which one it is
it's called 4 in a row!! u can only get it thru the imessage app store
today's starting lineup for the series finale with minnesota.
might work for today only! still rather see nimmo in rf!
nypd commissioner: if blast is determined to be terrorism, we'll "come out and say it"
it doesn't fit the democratic agenda for social engineering. this goes against their plan for open borders &amp; illegals voting.
how tweets return to bite you
karma's a bitch and bites you when and where least expected....
1the proof it was radical islam is "write" on..
2..the conveniently unexploded bomb. iron-clad case right there.
asked by why promoted birther lie for 5 yrs, cut her boss loose: "you'll have to ask him that."
for a campaign manager she doesn't know much abt her nominee
does this look truck resistant? oddly, they did more for the 4th of july.
bombs seem to have made nypd less lazy. streets i could see have cruisers blocking them now.
i thought this "how so?" response from the mailchimp ceo was fascinating:
you share a very similar perspective, i imagine. i grew up asian, but in sf. of all places in world for yellow kid to blend in...
that about sums it up.
penn state - definition of an echo chamber. they only hear their own justification. no one else hears it.
follow the game live as the miami dolphins face the new england patriots
nfl go to hell
i am no fan of mark penn but, so far as i know, he never publicly or privately promoted birther lie, as team has charged.
sid blumenthal has been mentioned as someone explicitly told a reporter any truth to that david
hi does anyone know/have a joke show in la that i could do a few minutes of comedy on tomorrow night? thanks!
my wife left me
that "something" is the fact that a parking space is literally the same amount as a car note.
i didn't have or want a car in toronto for 10 years, but living here things like getting groceries was difficult without a car
the problem isn't which wireless shot clock applies, the problem is streamlining processes to meet even 150 days.
key issues are dual hearing bodies for some sites. also, city/county may need to immediately deny if the resubmittal isn't viable
i know but no one ever talks about it but will when its at&amp;t stadium.
att stadium is a big tourist attraction plus dallas is one of the easiest flights to make in the whole country
half the county i live in carries concealed weapons. i don't feel safe, i feel threatened.
i bet. what i find w/the righter of us is that we should all think a like, very linear &amp; it's the right way.
conway birther lie she is disgusting as are people like pence and jason miller who repeat this garbage
the lies just slip off of her tongue and she does it with such poise
my account is locked for purchases. set up family accounts w/ my dad, who died. i 'need' his permission.
call apple! they can reset.
help, twitter: my phone's battery is constantly plunging to zero. losing power quickly. old? fixable?
go to settings, mail. then change fetch new data to every 15 minutes
catch me in my ugly christmas sweater
i got 4 compliments on my ugly christmas sweater
women &amp; children suffer from the brutality of capitalism &amp; men.
not just women...all of us who aren't in the boardroom club
they were out of dr. evezan?
funny thing is that's actually who i'm looking for
i mean... i don't particularly want to ask for shit, if he's not gonna get it on his own - and it's that inexpensive, i'll buy it.
that's my point tho. they posting pics of their man saying now like ma go buy it yourself lol
the last sentence oh
"yes daddio i do" you're to pure for that kind of talk
now that looks interesting!
stop by and try it!! tapping in 1 minute.
unbelievable this is in a newspaper. stop by a fire/ems station to see how hard everyone works for you.
wonder if she thought they had a cushy job last night?
bye bye blonde we'll meet again one day
waiting for the reveal
the offense did have 2 picks that resulted in td's so loss not entirely on d. that's a 28 pt swing
defense has been poor the past two years. no more excuses
everybody who likes "chobani" unfollow me now you pretentious middle class strivers.
hey now! milk from the farms upstate made into chobani
i am basing this on my own experiences on social media. you would not believe how vile some of these tweets are.
go spend some time on salon, vox and huffpo and then tell me about "alt-right" vile bigotry.
i just want to fuck a wild n out girl that's it. rt
stop telling twitter you wanna fuck me
what is this "landline" of which you speak?
in fact i don't know if it's landlines i'm calling - but personal voicemail messages seem to be out.
remember when jmo faved my selfie
i bet she was like "omg i dont remember taking this pic of myself... anyway..."
i poisoned all my cum to stop the succubi who assault me in the night while i sleep. i have defeated 0 succubi in 50 years
deathcum sleepkiller
compensation payments same news cycle as un confirms assad gassing people is inconvenience to the peace process.
gassing people is not an "inconvenience, it's literally deadly to the peace process.
every police union in us ought to support this. time for us to "freely express" cops need to take a knee on the nfl.
damn right, nfl can go to hell!
it doesn't fit the democratic agenda for social engineering. this goes against their plan for open borders &amp; illegals voting.
on top of it, their handouts to secure dependency on them becomes 2nd to security of our children.
which theme park is your favorite? send us photos of you there!
i'll let you know when we finally get there! disney dreaming as usual
beautiful. where can i listen to some of that?
on youtube - just out the quran and a to. of options will come up
live on : the trojans speak to the media following their 27-10 loss to stanford.
we saw a true team committed to the run. they could not stop our run. max needs play action to be effective
what does replying do?
why doesn't it show what thing i'm replying to? this makes no sense
hey alpha, what's your ps4 tag name? i'm toomker7, let's hook up and clear the area!!
toolmker7 that is!!
proud to be a racist misogynist xenohomophobe? i feel like trump turned over a rock.
"let all the poisons that lurk in the mud hatch out!" -- robert graves.
i think you'd have a hard time finding people that think those factors contributed more than health
but what makes you think he can't be healthy now?
i'm so tired of hearing about that fat racist orange. can we just fast forward to after we've elected our first female president already...
from your lips my friend. may we all can get through the next couple of months
ya'll stop whining about the press, government, pc, be lucky you're somewhat educated. most if u not around 9/11 or okc bombing
why are you so ignorant??? bomb is f bomb and it's made to terrorize the ppl . it's f terrorism in any language, culture or ed
happy birthday louie lovey you!
i lovey you too beautiful :*
we hope you are all getting ready for one of the hottest shows this year....
brand new tune
how tweets return to bite you
few failures on my personal front made me know the importance of humility...... par hamare saaheb to "doubles down"
wish i had eyebrows like my sister
which one of them
obama hated him &amp; forbade hillary 2 have him n whitehouse. as usual, she ignored higher up telling her what 2 do
yep, her usual marie antoinette bs
. definitely. you saw this morning with silver sneakers?
no!! i missed this. gorg!
can you confirm he's not already controlling it? i've read it's already his defense and bedford's not really in control.
strong said its bedford's defense prior to the season
i was being sarcastic, btw. don't know if you were as well though.
sarcasm on the internet!? shenanigans!
counting down the minutes until i can take dayquil again. being sick sucks.
sorry friend feel better soon
one of my sister's friends was in the nyc explosion last night and is one of the injured. please stay safe out there!
hi! i work for the cbs news. im so sry 2 hear ur sister's friend was hurt.hope their ok! would u b open 2 talking w/ me? pls dm
iggys job was to be a strong extra body who contested and sent lebron in the paint to deal with draymond
now, if we get him, itll be to frustrate draymond and kd
i don't live in that propaganda box.
ok. so you don't vote or you're just not saying. from the look at your thread you side with far left. stein?
and by "inactivity" i meant not playing audio.
interesting. what gets them working again? does simply turning the screen on (without unlocking) do it?
the mattress boys over here are too good to just use a headboard as a bed
living a park slope mansion. mattresses flopped all over.
she used to be elite then she got that surgery now she looks weird lol i'm good
ooo i didn't even know about that..... wtf?!
have you watched the burn notice series? best. series. finale. ever.
no! i should
i came out here because my dad hasn't been out of his apartment in months, and my family was worried. turns out he sits around commenting.
this sounds like my parents. they don't talk to anyone, just watch fnc and stuff like property bros. and american pickers.
all the fucken time man !!
yesss at least once a week
ignorance is not becoming of anyone. facts are facts. has trafficked in this putrid lie for 5 yrs.deplorable.
this has helped me a lot maria hope it helps you to with trolls
this man is a hero
gave this some thought. had to wear his usual game day garb or his cover was blown. still tho
thank god for water with lemon and honey and my bed!!! these right now are so precious for me.
rest well ate
hahahahahahaha u have one for everything
you make it so easy
wait why is it so empty?
buying ponchos. fashionably late.
funny because hillary would be reason we would go to war
funny another one with a magic 8 ball!
a very sad story on wegman parkway.
very very sad
wym "smh" i went to church now i gotta bump some dex this a lifestyle
lmao. iys sunday bro. play some gospel or old school or something. the lifestyle pauses on the sabbath day.
at the venue?
hahah no at the place i'm staying
amen! when the son sets you free, you are free indeed. the power can withstand the creator of the universe! el shaddai
but now having been set free from sin, +having become slaves of god, u have ur fruit to holiness, +the end, everlasting life
my hope is people like them can become bridge-builders. that's what i try to do, even though i fall short a lot.
i agree. i don't know you beyond these tweets, but, this convo has made twitter good today. love to chat more as the tweets allow
on top of it, their handouts to secure dependency on them becomes 2nd to security of our children.
as much as moms have been brainwashed by the left, their kids will always take precedence and they dems don't care about them.
nyers "not intimidated by anything" - w/ talking to locals, am after
new yorker's are intimidated by a weak mayor who cowers behind political correctness.
they would come out with a water proof apple watch after i buy mine
it's the apple way.
hey dan, thank you!!! are you around today?
i'm at work all day, and i have it with me. @ the haight street market (between ashbury and clayton streets)
saw deming spk (met him) his msg:ldrs/dysfn'l culture / bad systms beat ppl down 3/4
we r when we cut path, light way, honor eptvoice we transform 4all 4/4
heading to the java hub around 10...are you around?
where's the java hub?
half the county i live in carries concealed weapons. i don't feel safe, i feel threatened.
i'm also really sorry you have to live this way. this isn't freedom and it isn't liberty either.
in 17?! cause it wasn't the case for 16
yeah well in 16 they had a horrible lineup. i was using the bucks everytime i played someone lol. but in 17 they are good!
"there is an otherness to this president" - alex castellanos, trump super pac strategist, on meet the press
what could that be? how does obama embody "otherness"? bigot straight up.
at least i finally have a twitter feud going
if i "block" anyone it is by accident since i don't know how to do it!
this is on the shelf of my nyc hotel . just for me or does everyone get a copy?
i'd love copies of these 2 books! they sound interesting! 4 free of course!
he wrote a campaign memo saying obama doesn't have "american roots." how is that not birtherism?
if it's not pursued. campaigns can talk about what ever strategies they want. they did not pursue
and i think she should be pardoned as well but i was responding to your movie comment
snowden was three years later
we hope you are all getting ready for one of the hottest shows this year....
brand new tune
who says they don't find mooc participation to be intrinsically rewarding?
certainly possible of course. subjectivity of value blah blah
what happened to app used to be solid as a rock, now it's super buggy and can't ever find a feed
hi, our sincere apologies for the trouble - we have a very high amount of traffic right now. we will be up and running again asap
ryan hates the mall pal
but weren't u supposed to hang
shame about those usage tables, they look so nice on github.
that... doesn't look great
read this terrific dispatch from outside from senior fellow
. in on operation: "based on everything i've heard, washington is not ready for this."
lol i'm good i'll bringing my ipad and with my dish app i can watch live tv.
lol dont get caught. i can see u having a loud outburst and ya co workers like wtf lol
haha just saw your map sketch! mando does live near me! san jose baby!! :d
mendo! &gt;:c stupid autocorrect keeps changing it! d: &lt;
you nailed it, my friend. i'm concerned about osu,tcu,bu
can't stop cal? good luck in the big 12
my friend thinks the fans were justified in boo'ing casillas' entry last night. i humbly disagree. boo him after he blows it
i swear it was all the women booing - i was blown away - lots of angry women booing casilla
pretty common across us states - massive moral hazard for politicians to offer generous pensions to win today's votes
what is different is that california has the "california rule." contracts basically untouchable under law. only option
"i cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself." general robert e. lee
'marius commanded armies, ambition marius'
weird vintage dog photo.
a dapper dog indeed!
but weren't u supposed to hang
ya i'm meeting him at the park
couldn't wish better for my best nemesis.
aw! such a loving nemesis.
it's almost like you prefer him not taking his campaign seriously .. smh
you goof, after fell flat-faced trolling me, now u want to troll scott?
gary johnson: i can still get into second and third debates
okay, debate, then drop out!
have no idea why this reminded me of you lmfaooo the crazy shit you used to do lol
yes i'm surprised i haven't made something like that yet
high praise
i was once pitched a "family massage" -- courses for the whole family to give each other full body massages.
opened the paper to find cody got a mention in the nyt business section!
thanks for speaking to me!
the things i'd do to shoot the saint pablo tour
it looks insane hey! however a lot of the shots ive seen are from the crowd and with iphone
football sunday here...all construction has stopped! lol! pats play in a few minutes minus brady.
;) the bills are at the point this year where they always are. bottom
wow yo worst thing i ever did was update this phone this shit is really acting up now
never mind i'm having so much fun with the texts!
what's the value of such an aggregate poll?
clickbait. by defining "swing states" as states that are close, pretty much guarantee close result.
i'll be in nyc next week!
omg perfect. come cook with me lol
hillary clinton almost faints again
she was overwhelmed by all those bombings. couldn't find her aricept.
what is different is that california has the "california rule." contracts basically untouchable under law. only option
is to destroy quality of current services to meet commitments made in the past.
i love the persistent narrative that old buildings were better built. from experience, this is generally not true
rarely true. and in the bay many older buildings have been further compromised by poorly flashed stucco over original siding.
haha it makes me laugh every time.
lol "it's lemonade man!"
the only thing i recall being rolled back in my lifetime was when "new coke" was replaced by "classic coke."
also "the move to the metric system"!
i don't understand what the nyc is saying about . what do they mean the blast was intentional but no credible threat against city?
yes, an intentional effort to divert attention from illegal transfer to . 1 month prior nov 8
told black people it would be a personal insult if u don't vote 4 can you say racism
i find it personally insulting and racist that he is calling out blacks specifically to vote for hc!
great perspective by on boutique fitness.
thanks for speaking to me!
this meets the prototypical definition of a "pinned tweet"...it is always current!
international embarrassment as well. the world laughs at us bc trump!
i have. some responses are bigoted there too. but it's nothing compared to what i've seen (cont)
only because certain groups are "allowed" to freely spew bigotry because "oppression."
rooting for viola, sarah, , tonight at the !
damn i gotta go with tatiana. she won't win but... ;/ she's so good
a sharpshooter
not but he can hit timely shots. im just imagining bron and him on the run together.
he's one of the only people who has the money to run for office on his own money and beat her! this is our only chance to stop gov
guess we will find out what happens in the coming months
arrives at to hang :))))))
omg this gif
- do you even have a lawn?
lawn is clearly a metaphor...
went through a full tank of gas in one day
damn that's rough your dads gonna have to fill it back up
guys give jake a rest already. he is the best and most fair , we already gave feedback.
the best of the worst is still the worst of the rest. cnn/dncmedia,party media
bye dumbass! gone!
dumbass? for telling the truth? you're as bad as obots.
says pushed 'bigoted lie' regarding 's citizenship
give up. just as hillary claimed once before, what difference does it make anyway? here nobody died and we know how obama hates us.
i'm a bro too, but bedford's d stinks. so give him dback coach and let a better dcoord come up with defense. pressure!!!!!
like you said, this ain't about race. it's about football
good morning sunshine!
good morning.
believe me, nobody in ca local government - manager, finance officers, employees - ever forgot sb400!
do voters really remember it?
and even if they win today, they won't get it, but don't tell them that.
wish they saved this game for week 5. burflict and bell return then
if u tweet a photo to this bot, it responds w/ the appropriate enjoy on your face w/ facial recognition. i'm a cat.
the internet is awesome
chris myers?! chris fucking myers ?!???!
with rhonde
in which wapo's editorial board argues that the source of wapo's pulitzer prize-winning story should go to jail
in which wapo was a coconspirator.
happy birthday home dog, good luck on yo drivers test!!!!!
thanks fagmoney you the real mvp
just so you know, this is how the country divides over this. us dubs are proud ones in blue
oh, sure. it does seem that way. i've friends all over the island supporting mayo.
when you can't watch new vlog bc it says you're blocked from viewing the page
what??? what does it look like?
. scale bf% is wrong and harmful! compare vs highly accurate dexa scan: fitbit +1.5%, dexa -2.4%!!!
your scale's impedance measurement really is doing more harm to athletes than good.
what, u weren't consulted, how strange, canadians weren't either.they just started piling them on us. throw them out
i was utterly shocked when trudeau the bone head won the election in canada. how's his approval rating now?
does anyone else with adhd notice this with xanax? i'm eager to get back to doc to talk. curious if related to comt val158met genotype.
brains are weird. can take a week or so to stabilize when taking something new regularly.
huge shout out to for actually carrying me home on her back ln from paulies.
but really who knew i was that strong?
during his school years, was a straight a student who played the trombone.
wu tank knowledge
snowden's situation has not changed since 2013. plus,its older and more famous. transphobia is not the only possible reason.
what's your point mat? we shouldn't acknowledge transphobia unless we've ruled out every other possibility first?
happy birthday to the best locker neighbor i ever had
thank you austin i'm going to miss you
need your vikings to contain that packers offense
tell me why i have packers defense haahha i don't want to start em but i have no choice
people i consider greatly knowledgeable in this area are , , and .
i use the purple splat and it works great for me
yet some will fall prey...
yeah... i know... :(
that's too bad.
all good things must come to an end.
did you listen to 'on the inside' series from reply all?
yep! is the next sarah koenig!
we hope you are all getting ready for one of the hottest shows this year....
brand new tune life
hbd to my fav locker buddy, hope you have the best day matt
thank you chrissy &lt;3
during his school years, was a straight a student who played the trombone.
wu tang knowledge god.
media slams trump for calling the new york explosion a bomb even after they knew he was right. incredible.
and now its confirmed!
good morning.
have a wonderful day i love u
not sure what this blue thing is but i could get used to it
nice pic of a beach jared ur camera is upside down tho
i understand you are a businessman but trump is one of the best. over 500 businesses and only 12 got bankrupt
according to wall street trump could have made at least $15billions,he lost that because of not acting in timely
in laws were unpleasantly surprised w/recent 1908 craftsman purchase to find foundation mostly sand that broke apart by hand
this is so common that home inspectors are arguably negligent if they don't mention it.
i grew up in the 90's in colombia,i've seen my fair share of attacks and this is terrorism at its best
they've already pulled the video.
if i can enjoy just one cup of before i'm forced to sell my home, i will be a happy man.
how good is this coffee ?
now that he's the "elder statesman of tech," where does bezos stand on snowden?
and by that i obviously mean the movie not the man
maris pastor mike said no fighting
is he on twitter?
same. miss wrapping the cord around my finger while talking to someone.
my fiber connection came with a landline included. you bozos are free to stop by and use this archaic shit if you want
should you live on a busy street or a cul-de-sac?
or, or, or... perhaps a !!! (btw, great views)
made sleep on the floor last night bc she wouldn't shower before getting in my bed after toads
this is a false statement
we hope you are all getting ready for one of the hottest shows this year....
mbilo nominated please vote
jesus. cruise control my friend, it's necessary on long trips. stay strong
lmao i really needed to get back smh
my main goal when i'm abroad next semester is go to tea with mary berry and paul hollywood
i would literally fly from spain to attend
yep... promise final pay pension returns that offer 8% per year's into perpetuity regardless of wider economy
8% wasn't the issue. sb400 in 1999 was the issue.
"the refugee crisis cannot be solved by humanitarian solutions alone - must focus on longer-term investments in the future."
. couldn't agree more. thanks for sharing. are you at the summit? ?
cnn edits out clinton referring to ny explosion as 'bombing'
i wonder, was that at hillary's command or was it to protect her while appeasing our enemies? people, this are not americans.
you know what's awesome in the department that i working we allowed to bring it. best job ever kinda lol
some boss u have lol. i guess bc its sunday which is a slow ass day
oh, so occasionally this guy shows good taste. black licorice, yuch!!!! the blind squirrel and the nut
you guys do realize that "black licorice" is redundant, don't you? all licorice is black.
i agree. can't stand to watch her. lies so easy. i'm sure her kids are proud.
she's gonna have to explain herself when her grandkids study govt
u say that bc ur tall and u have eyelashes
it's not that special. we want to be short sometimes ya know.
and on a side street even
"they are an evil empire hell bent on world domination &amp; imposing sharia law-one dumpster at a time!"
asked by why promoted birther lie for 5 yrs, cut her boss loose: "you'll have to ask him that."
there's no good answer is there other than
always find it ironic that an industry quite literally founded on and driven by ideas is so damn unoriginal
to be fair we're walking in the footsteps of other shops before us and freely admit to that. however we can speak about . . .
not sure if this will pay off today. probably not lol.
has potential!
sure huffpiss has great stuff about black thugs and homosexual mooslums
u sound like real stand up guy you can take that shit to the alt right bros
always find it ironic that an industry quite literally founded on and driven by ideas is so damn unoriginal
ourselves differently and show our unique personalities without regard to "selling". what i saw was us with no soul . . .
i'm actually not like a bird at all
yeah because fuck birds
watched about 30 movies over the last 10 days but i only cried at these 5: la la land jackie barry blue jay arrival
no tears at moonlight?
always find it ironic that an industry quite literally founded on and driven by ideas is so damn unoriginal
a capitalist version of what we stand for. fueled by a desire to lure whatever dollars would come to them. it was hollow.
plus 100 years of other poorly thought out modifications...
yup. but the worst damage i saw in 10 years of bay area carpentry was bad flashing that led to hidden rot. mulch as framing.
wasn't super funny to start and i've seen it multiple times a day for the past week, not even with any new jokes written
r we not friends then
my bathroom gave your avi that a1 lighting
ugh i know s/o to you
must read:major development: affirms the us works with
not us, obama hillary soros mafia does, dont include we the ppl
what did they say was wrong with it
my boobs were pooring out of my dress and my dress is way to short for anyones comfort
let's go jackie patriots gameday on a cloudy sweatpants sunday i'm ready in the zone can't let miami get us again time to focus!
fins are nothing. we got this. go pats!!!
you can get an app for free that shows all top plays all day. i know it's not the same, but it's better than nothing. :/ love you
ya i use the nfl app that has like the drive charts and stuff but i'm so mad verizon is supposed to show "local" sunday games
from zh: "haitian president exposes clinton foundation: "hillary clinton tried to bribe me!"" i am counting the days until the first debate.
i used to respect zh's mrkt coverage, but they've become a putin propaganda soapbox. watch the video, its not that headline
bought this pup yesterday
that's a hat no a puppy
am i going to get to see you here?
let's make that happen. i'm hard to miss in my shirt.
in the brighter side, chasing those returns sees pension funding flood to into vc in fixed annual allocations
a lot of the best vcs don't take calpers money bc of disclosure requirements.
you can get an app for free that shows all top plays all day. i know it's not the same, but it's better than nothing. :/ love you
but neither game is local in cali so why is it the game that i care less about
this year i will be speaker representing and (presentation: under construction)
. great presentation!!
please stop pushing private insurance for police. this is the most capitalistic, completely unevidenced, ridiculous, claim in police reform.
100% keeps them sold to crown for a paycheck. ask for advice on paying anyone going forward
yes, in the near future possibly
a slave in nj just asked me if he can serve as the cuckold slave who eats the cum from goddess crystal's ass.
this is ridiculous. rt na, wtf is this lol
it made my stomach hurt
wow-- i am so happy to see this. finally someone makes the stakes clear. that run of what's "on the ballot"!!
don't you wish he could moderate the debates?
well, that's one form of hockey stick, uh, growth
outside of cutting a trailer (which was fun) i didn't put that much effort into manygolf on greenlight b/c like... idk what i'd even do?
remember when we lost our minds over parrots
dude they can say human words i don't trust them
how a forgotten 1999 law caused california's unfunded pension liabilities to grow to $241 *billion*
take: schwarzenegger was a better governor than davis
there is nothing like having damp wood siding in the middle of your wall
another fun one is homeowners who try to fix a single leak by caulking all the seams in their siding. ().
a capitalist version of what we stand for. fueled by a desire to lure whatever dollars would come to them. it was hollow.
and that's the saddest part. the vanity of it, the calculated omission of heart.
the various guests in my sf flat have left the following: t-shirt, socks, candle, glasses, fancy shampoo, books, tea. like x-mas in sept!
+ a bit of sand from burning man...
when in us the civil war began, nobody from outside intervened... hopefully. so us intervention never benefic.
uk funded privateers, blockade runners, recognized confederacy. considered intervention.
outside of cutting a trailer (which was fun) i didn't put that much effort into manygolf on greenlight b/c like... idk what i'd even do?
i added a link to the greenlight page, and that's kind of it. there's not really a press release central for browser games or whatever
sure helen u always win. do u actually pay attention to words? or is it all in ur head?
not always but yes i do win the argument that democrat run cities failed blacks!
lmao i need the saints to win
hell nah i'll take a tie before a saints w
i don't like using the word "lie" because it assumes intent. it's possible believes what he said on ftn. which raises different ?'s.
how about is it possible he has dirt on the gop elite?
ive turned into a carnie. you can catch me at the bakersfield fair yall
when do it end?
yes! and while you are at it, jersey numbers!!!! ;)
never heard this one before!
an angry obama puts himself on the ballot | ap photo
i guess blacks are realizing how much of a fraud he is. this guy only loves himself and his legacy is the only thing that matters.
pretty curious about the composition of gay twitter; retweet for larger sampling size, but are you:
interesting
i'm the person who gives their friends a lot of thoughtful and open minded advice and follows none of it when it comes to my own issues
that makes two of us, clink clink bitch
i hate news channels.
i like maddow. i loved, i mean adored tim russert. i miss the days of guys like cronkite, reynolds, rather (before) and jennings
the standard for calling a lie is "is this a lie?" not: "will we alienate viewers by saying it's a lie?"
hey does your ass ever get tired of the shit that comes out of your mouth?!
i've been quiet lately because last week i had a seizure.went 2 emergency found out i was extremely anemic &amp; had 2 have a blood transfusion.
omg!!! hope you are doing better.. slow down your pace.. rest up
how was this only 1 year ago? anyways, happy 1 year
this was one of the best nights of my life hands down
clarification: trump aide says "clinton campaign" started "birther" movement
you should be clarifying this when is lying blatantly on tv! gop disgraceful garbage!
great job. i did a 1/4 marathon in your honor this morning. couldn't imagine doing that 3x more. time to refuel!
there are going to be some spectacular finish line photos of me dry heaving in final stretch
this is a deal but u should also come to ev &amp; get brunch w/ and me + stick n pokes bitch
i lost my wallet friday night &amp; therefore have no money until all my new cards come in the mail
getting to the point in my game collecting that i am going to have to invent a cataloging system and price index.
why am i like this
the last guy in this video is perfect
hahaha that and the guy who would vote for him 1000%
thanks for being top engaged community members this week :) (insight by
you're welcome, patrik!
best believe they lurking now tho
why would you say something like this....
i love the persistent narrative that old buildings were better built. from experience, this is generally not true
especially if we're talking wood frame structures. (i feel like bridges from then are good because huge factor of safety).
democracy should not be learned by force. only by experience. self experience. let people learn themselves.
difficult to launch democracy when people are jailed, shot, tortured &amp; no outside power aids. us needed fr to start.
black men crying about scandal exposes their hypocrisy and inferiority complex
how is that hypocritical of black men? there has never been a show about black men lusting after white women.
i usually have to turn to 3 or 4 employees before i find one that speaks english.
told by many that low skilled jobs require spanish to communicate with co-workers. spanish is mandatory, english useless
be a slut post whatever you want
in my humble opinion, the two coolest bad ass goddesses on the planet.
at this time we have nothing to say about this tragedy, but i'm a politician so i will chant thoughts and prayers for 20 mins
i have to say it at least 100 times before they let me back in my kennel
this is some shit i feel, i 100% do not trust parrots or any human like animal
who do they think they are?
"no servant can serve two masters." luke 16:1-13
interesting! thinking "church lady" :)
u gonna stalk him
i'm just wondering if he sees our
i'm gonna start giving the kiss me thru the phone number everytime someone asks me for my number at a party
omg you're such a badass !!!!
going to work out hopefully that will make me feel like new again i'll be back home this evening answering emails
have a great workout.. happy sunday
how you almost get arrested brudda
drunkenly kicked me out of her dorm at 4:30am because she thought that me being drunk would somehow get her in trouble
u gonna stalk him
potty mouths
[emerges from shadows] psst... over here... closer... [looks furtively] can i trust you? [fidgets, inhales] "snowden" was terrible. terrible.
it was also completely redundant, given the existence of "citizenfour"
nyc mayor says we don't know if motivation in blast was personal or political. watch live:
distinction matters why? good bomb vs bad bomb? terrorist vs hobbits? homegrown vs international terrorist? smh
isn't having the rams &amp; chargers worse than having no teams at all?
combine the 2 and they may win 10.
gets a dose of their own medicine
- is a lying, media fucktard of a democrat propagandist. come the revolution, remember him.
. if there's one thing steve jobs would've loved, it's wall-to-wall tacky emojis for tweens in every app, amirite?
though he did head apple during the nano socks era and let's not forget photo booth effects.
democracy should not be learned by force. only by experience. self experience. let people learn themselves.
i understand ideal is to have peaceful reform. not always possible.
literally can't seem to find the motivation to get out of bed
i just tweeted the exact same thing lol bye
how a forgotten 1999 law caused california's unfunded pension liabilities to grow to $241 *billion*
2) 6 mos before 2000 dot-com bubble peak, ca signed a law which resulted in $241b in unfunded pension liabilities.
didn't get proper pictures of my off book outfit so making a photo pilgrimage back to the theatre
that's a great picture!
my boy driving up there
can your boy be my boy
nothing is ever really deleted on the internet.
at best it's probably "passport publish status = 0"
prepare to be wowed by elegant florals on sep. 22 at tickets:
counting down to an amazing day! union square is great and the event is nothing short of great food and great flowers!
we're in raiderville right now.
sweet! i'm almost there. in the back of an uber lol
last night's explosion in chelsea does not appear to be tied to terrorist groups
well, banks/terror groups, who's "counting" anyway nicole?
do you &amp; a friend want to win a $250 hibbett gift card? 1-tag a friend below. 2-both must follow. 3- ends 9/18.
this would be great
drunkenly kicked me out of her dorm at 4:30am because she thought that me being drunk would somehow get her in trouble
security was like, "uh this is sus" so they called nypd
doesn't it sound funny to you that the warriors started the trade talks and their the ones who want shump? that's a red flag
yea that is funny bc theyd be stupid to do. and shumps had his share of inj too
i watched it when i was younger. i loved it!
same, it was a fun show.
2) buddy system for first timers. new attendees get matched with veterans to have a friendly face and show them the ropes. (3/4)
this would be awesome for 's pmdmc as well!
reports of ou phi delta theta members harassing protestors at the dump trump rally yesterday.
these reports are inaccurate, can confirm from other eyewitness accounts, including from two natives.
lmao that's probably because most people have never been to a real life freak show and don't see the beauty in it lol
i know i haven't been to one lmao you might be right
it was also completely redundant, given the existence of "citizenfour"
one of the savviest things snowden did was getting a documentarian involved from the outset.
vile: what obama said and did during st. cloud stabbings will make you sick
it was just dead or wounded americans, what differences does that make? the muslim was ok though, celebration.
i just tweeted the exact same thing lol bye
ugh sundays are meant for laying in bed all day
kaine accuses trump of inciting violence against clinton
can these two idiots tell us how they planning to stop terrorism, create prosperity &amp; opportunities for americans
my mom just texted me to please call her and explain how she can take pics of her screen. (aka screen shot)
so glad to know that even the eic of still has to deal with this.
the perfect deadpan delivery
gotta love that fedora guy's outfit
"how to make creepy, unwanted comments on a couples' after-dark photos: an advanced course"
wat? please tell me this wasn't a thing.
lol someone rage quit on me in kof ranked......i can't run away from it.
well rage quitting is more of a mentality not just a game thing shit people rage quit on uno.
an opium of the people perhaps?
what comes around goes around!
do designers have to be completely obsessed with tacos and pizza?
nope designers can do whatever they want.
how a forgotten 1999 law caused california's unfunded pension liabilities to grow to $241 *billion*
2) 6 mos before 2000 dot-com bubble peak, ca signed a law which led to ~$300b in unfunded pension liabilities.
baby got back for days
leni got her mother side
exactly....
that's true but how do we know the difference:? we're forced 2 treat all muslins as the enemy: u never know:
trump/pence are lying old white men who are afraid if their own shadow! lying fat boy christie too!
and giuliani.
so far all i have been able to locate is 1 episode: if you need i can download this for u
yeah i've seen that one too but thank you. now i want the rest.
wanna see real racism? the texas shooter of five cops that said "i want to kill white people". guess what? he did
and dylan roof is...?
i have to ask the . why isn't this guy your presidential nominee?
because he has a brain and common sense
it is with heavy heart that i announce my new favorite song is a tropical house tune
it could be a lot worse just embrace it as trying to hold on to summer
damn..tomorrow is the day
you'll do great brotha. eat up
omg! there was a mall stabbing in the name of isis in minnesota! 8 people. isis has taken credit. when will the violence end??
never if (god forbid) hillary is elected!!
now at the : , , &amp; discuss the importance of .
excellent shot. pleased you could make it
what does the last word say?
it read it as "optimizing"
fish-shaped pancake ice cream cones- why? because "kids want food to look good on instagam these days."
my 13 year old cousin deleted ~50 instagram photos because she didn't have a "unified aesthetic" and started over
shave it all off
i think that's he plan!
will your favorites take home gold? catch live at 4pm on ! list of nominees:
beautiful people giving each other awards for basically reading other people's work? nah, i think i can skip that.
despite your feelings on the headphone port, i've been using the iphone 7 all weekend and it's very solid. extremely fast and looks great!
breaking news: iphone is good
pretty much lucky me. gotta get ready for. i'll be back talking trash
aight baby! i'll be hear waiting on it
oh god it's all true. kinda thinking, why would i watch snowden if i already saw citizen four.
yeah! what kiera said! oops, shoulda read on before tweeting myself
agrtist who was called in for a series via the agr member directory!
wow, guys. what can i say? i'm super grateful for the opportunity! prepared to make you proud! thanks for the support!
5 people followed me and 5 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by
like following "crackin' birds" like yourself.
my reference: every system is perfectly designed to get exactly the results it gets.
yup!20khrs in hosps w seemed perf dsignd 4chaos + w/o ptctrd
have a good day at work beautiful i love you so much
i love you too
yeah, the bills are just gonna roll on down to new england and beat the brady-less patriots. no problem.
bills beat cardinals and pats, start 2-2 and turn it around
bravotv poll. read and weep.
tv poll? bwahahahaha!!!! go follow your leader trumptrash..
gabbert needs to pull that one. hyde gets the 1st, but gabbert might have scored.
agree that's why i prefer kaep and that threat he brings.
the awful wines j-lc makes are an insult to his father's gifted tenure. the bloody australians grow syrah in the barista! mad!
i've not had the recent vintages, maybe not even for the last 10 years, but bought gerard's wines faithfully. sorry to hear.
like, the same app that runs on all my ios devices won't stream games on my tv
otoh, if you have access through , there is a native apple tv app for the 4th gen apple tv.
my weekend in a nutshell.
+1 w/ a hot beverage
the same could be said for arrest related deaths yet that's a problem for you an islamic terrorism is not
fear mongering doesn't hurt either.
maybe tennessee &amp; enemy lines also. those 5 are the top 5. the whole album is great.
album of the fucking year
barely waking up .
same lol, let's kick it today tho brother i'll slide with some brews
ill take 3 points. lol
just being negative so when the good things happen they're that much more exciting
done! time4beer
things i saw on randall's island today: people learning to ride bikes, dad fishing with kids, guy vaping while running
far-right afd party makes it to berlin assembly while merkel's party plummets
shocking! i fear another shoah of 6,000,000 with the rise of the far right afd in germany.
injustice on the mean streets of um....west seattle? indoctrination you got to get them when their young. sad fools.
whiskeytangofoxtrot?
ohhh 30 minutes a bit
beer time gio
week 2 jac +3 - big bet ind/den ov 46 - big bet atl/oak over 48 kc/hou under 43 pit/cle over 48.5 cle +7 wsh -3 az -7 fade or follow :)
browns baby
sounds like do what u want is playing?... bey looks good..
the gap band - outstanding
i wanna watch the raiders after
fine with me. i have amari cooper
nothing more refreshing than a nice hot can of monster water now with 10% more carcinogens
huge cock tease. "damn i'm tired, let me slam this" *is water*
you don't get it do you? hate is hate. but only one candidate is actually benefitting from bigotry. and it isn't hillary.
sweetheart, all the dems have is racism. if racism disappeared tomorrow they never win another election. think about that.
so thicc
ilysm best friend
btw ur supporters abusing making personal attacks or calling people bhakts for questioning u isn't helping your case
chetanji, there must be rules as to what dy cm is entld to when he goes on a trip- with approval of jung
why is trump so eager to claim every event as terrorism? like all demagogues he wants to create climate of fear so he can seize power.
exactly donald trump is a danger to all nations he's only for trump greed never for the people
"-the movie" is out. huge thanks to oracle corp's amazing videographer lauren cohn for her excellent work.
great editing/production work w/ less than 18 hours' turnaround! wow, nice job lauren!
yes, syrah can easily become over-ripe and soupy. even wonderful hermitage can be baked to horribleness, ask jean-louis chave!
young whipper-snappers. in some cases, this younger generation not quite getting it.
this magic wallpaper can turn the background of the folder and dock to complete black!
hah love the app store in your dock
here's one installment of my fake friends series, heavenly creatures &amp; deadly homosocial love (hi ) :
top five most commonly asked questions around alice+freda forever: have you seen heavenly creatures?
the only way to get into the presence of lord is to go to church. you cannot be a christian and not go to church.
careful.. that's not the only way
why does fleeing to russia to avoid charges for stealing/publishing nsa docs exempt snowden from paying taxes now?
back taxes are not the only issue: his profits from his breach of trust would be seized, as in snepp
i'm saying that that's me lol
oh heh, k xd
there's no truth there! none. trump backs rinos &amp; rinos back donnie! that is the truth!
there is plenty of truth there. you simply choose to ignore it.
false equivalency plays into trump's hands. this is why he gets to be so deplorable. peeps always go for the false equivalency.
it's not false equivalency. her camp did dogwhistle with that shameful picture. ms. garner owes hillary nothing.
talented hardworking intelligent cool caring
awe thank you
it could be worse. trump could succeed.
i had some wine last eve and got on his tl.. all bad. i maybe homeless next week, hubs doesn't know yet. ooops.
take our poll and then rt! does fear the walking dead come close to the greatness of the walking dead?
it's good but no where close to the og story characters way better
wanna bet nina will post a throwback to the emmys when she was at her prime? she does it every yr
only time i recall seeing nina dobrev @ the emmys, that stupid opening dance number. a few yrs back, i think fallon hosted
what did the feds say when they got there
just questioned me, took down my number and a copy of my id, asked if there was a dispute or something
any good place recommendation for me to watch the game around big ass macy on 34th?
check out
the best day. big thanks to ,, for making a reality. all our love.
kudos to your staff. despite the insanity i felt that everyone was composed &amp; friendly. thank you.
we surveyed japanese investors on the u.s. presidential election: they think clinton would be better for the markets
fukushima! people love freedom. look at brexit. trump 2016
why did we need to see your post of the black man and white woman?
are you talking about the photo of the black man eating white chocolate from the white woman? she does look good.
do i really want to go to the gym right now bc bed feels so much better
i went to the gym - tbh it felt just as good but in a completely different way (yes, i've become that person)
you can dislike dowd, cnn or gates and still acknowledge this is insane behavior for a person running for president.
well, dowd's work is insane behavior for a nyt columnist, so...
what definitions are they using here. what else could a bombing be? an unconventional negotiating tactic?
can't say it's terrorism until you know motivations. intent and objectives make an event terrorism or not
this is my exact problem. and mine falls on a wednesday so i don't know what to do
and mine is on the thursday!! ahh what will we do
yo were you still out in manhattan? you good fam?!
i was at that intersection 2 hours prior to the incident actually. crazy! wya?
she's had enough of our shit. look at her!
she seems to be attracting me towards itself for some reason.
delete this hatred!!!
fellow rabbi, asking people to delete doesn't go far enough. we need international hate speech courts to deal w/ nazi frogs.
current state of my town
i cant allow this, bring me to it
added some new songs and sounds into our newest sweet ride build. plus a rad tape jamming effect when you pause.
created a playlist of some of the new sweet ride songs i've been working on. i'm really enjoying these tracks
i made this exact tweet last week as well
o shit pls don't sue
so what exactly is donald trump hiding from voters? pretty much everything.
hiding? cant b a real person must b a machine of sorts. speech? deleted emails/hammers? pneumonia?
do you remember what we were first debating about? trump's birthirism stance. it was bigoted, period.
hillary started it, cnn's frothy denial not withstanding. is she a bigot too?
i'm inclined to agree, but it has nonetheless opened my eyes to how much the msm whitewashes all things clinton.
she's got flaws, and i don't doubt that foundation's made mistakes. trump foundations 990s are a mess too. *sigh*
"the idea that polls skewed was corollary to refrain that mass media is liberal"
never racist trump
silver lining to me is hyde was able to get yards against a tough defense.
": silver lining to me is hyde was able to get yards against a tough defense." yes,
barossa, obviously!
. there's a sort of trumpean logic to making dreadful wines that get high point scores. if people like them, must be good, no?
we're dreaming of the day you make it out to see us too, allie! we hope to see you very soon!
hoping for february!! any tips? looking forward to meeting all those characters we don't have at disneyland
that was fast
6 days of constant drinking dude
thnx for tagging me! that's not me in the photo but the likeness is incredible !..
i thought so too, so your very welcome ;)
which one? having a goal helps so it's a good idea.
napa valley harvest half! small race starting in calistoga!
oh i understand the love! whenever i work during itkwd, it seems i want everything i see...thanks fo...
i ordered the tsv! can't wait to get it!
young fans with the obj hair!
game time now show league ur serious and not a joke
horrifying. but also why am i getting tagged in this? have i done something hahha
genuinely thought you'd be interested
voting is over in moscow. one hour left in kaliningrad, and then-poof-a new duma is born.
other time zones out west are still voting. i'm omw to nyc to vote, west coast is just getting started. a drop, but still
yes i heard that some would only hire people who could also speak spanish.
absolutely true.
y'all fucks ran off peej is the biggest travesty from yesterday
lol that shit was the most shocking thing of the day honestly.
proof, let's see some policy
if u ignore cities like chicago milwaukee baltimore&amp;detroit,then there will be no further proof 4u
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
save it, mr. bullshit artist.
received my first comment/critique for something i wrote on the internet but at least they addressed me as "mr. mark burger"
my first hater comment was addressed to ms. dehaas
well my car is paid off so....when you look at it the parking isnt so bad. i need to see how much my insurance goes up.
also depends on what you like to do, back in toronto id just hang in the city all the time,
well... that's partially the documentation issue. like most docs at fb they are pretty awful.
my random "this will take too much of my time" project is writing a better docs/reference.
they will rig the machines for clinton in major cities. what can we do about this?
this is my concern.
i'm embarrassed for everyone involved in that east german bit in x-men: smurfpocalypse.
i'm just embarrassed for all of it
horrifying. but also why am i getting tagged in this? have i done something hahha
.. in murdering the inventor
bearing in mind long term average annual growth rate for a developed economy is about 3%. madness.
so the question is, is the uk worse with your yields, or us?
literally my relationship with brooke in a nutshell
ew that picture tho
mike pence considers dick cheney a role model for the kind of vp he wants to be (video)
. why not. he's already lying to the american people.
deblasio w/ a straight face says he has no clue what the motivation is. probably those radical amish extremists
motivation hate destruction kill / injure people &amp; property or just hobbyists escalating &amp; perfecting explosives technique
i need one f these cards
get yer self one of these as well
maybe u should check out the video about terrell owens downgrading by dating a baby mamma
terrell owens is an idiot. he put himself in that stupid situation as most black men do. i'm not one of them.
heading to new york for and hoping it genuinely turns out to be for refugees and migrants not on, about or against them
i just arrived to ny too. see you tomorrow and hopefully at many exciting civil society events too.
"i never thought i would come down to houston and hear the 'chop'." tune in to and at 12.
haha!!! yeah baby!! chiefs fans are everywhere!!
sorry for the disappointment. the game is currently back ordered and you'll receive your game as soon as it is available.
that's ridiculous what's the point of paying to reserve it then? i have a highly upset kid
pretty sure reince will not be running the party long enough to follow through. he's one good coup away.
there will be penalties for repubs who don't endorse 2020 nominee picture of calvin peeing on the msnbc logo
anyway thank you for sticking with my comic over the years and if you're new i hope you like it
new characters in the last year (library interns were introduced last year i think?) are great!
we wish det.brian o'donnell a quick recovery!you are a hero sir,and nyc is lucky to have you protecting them.
sending prayers ur way .
bull. you are reading propaganda.
lol! you must be a speed reader. just like an obot, don't believe it? propaganda! lol!
if criterion for having a political opinion is being a professional political operative, we're in big trouble.
true, but what are you basing this opinion or analysis on? feelings, perception or data?
my pops bought one..... a louie one he said "i bought it cause i need it"
this is why he had the juice
his birthday is in june i'm confused
no its not??
that's obscene. if obama admin wanted to hold iran and its syrian proxies accountable, wouldn't have to imagine it.
attacking syrian army is in israel and america's interests. isis is not our enemy. they have not harmed israel.
y'all's house burnt down yesterday
y'all score 2 in y'all's house.
i've cussed way too much during this first drive.
get ready to do more.
we were there yesterday! hope the vendys were fun. it was a gorgeous day.
. they were great! a cause we support. had food trucks serve our wedding food
yes. this is obviously true. ahnold's biggest mistake was not killing the eastern span of the bay bridge.
what would we have done instead? wasn't it seismically unsafe?
you're late! it's lit though
no mine just updated its so sick
four straight carries by hyde, three up the middle, and he has to come out. running into a loaded box all year is risky
sf going to be running the army offense by midseason
updates and pictures were much appreciated!
of course! really not much to report though..spoilers on "lock down"
we saw it in the game dortmund v leipzig and we can see it now. hertha growing confidence within the match, schalke losing it.
with leipzig the club politics wasn't great. we didn't respect them, plus the whole fan boycott thing fueled them against us.
priebus: rnc could block kasich and bush from running again if they don't back trump
priebus is a little little man isn't he?
well my car is paid off so....when you look at it the parking isnt so bad. i need to see how much my insurance goes up.
but in sf there's a lot of epic hiking, beach time, la road trips etc etc that if you have a car you can do
scrutiny of yoga: a pro-christian yoga perspective
we just posted a guest blog by
do you ever stop pandering? first blacks &amp; now hispanics!! do you ever talk about issues? do you have any?
trump nunca ser presidente, esto viene:
but in order to stream, you have to pay even more for a "max" subscription
seriously? wow. :/
over the last 2 months meiko kajii has went from a relative unknown that i really liked in lady snowblood to one of my favourite actors.
any other films of hers you'd recommend? i really loved the first snowblood
rnc chairman: party could penalize former gop candidates who don't endorse donald trump
yes beg people who don't want to vote for a racist facist maniac.
those are the worst jokes when you only crack yourself up. next time
seems like the crowd was cracking up.
immediately thought of you, then you liked it
synchronicity my love
yeah that's bad lol
when i saw that lol
never been sold.on the editorial board being separated idea. seems needlessly complex.
ah, i see, interesting.
literally my relationship with brooke in a nutshell
also thanks for totally not texting me back butthead
some folks love their summer haircuts!
so cute and precious!
when your friends have a party and you're not invited. 10/10
10/10 for using the correct your/you're though.
photo recaptured
the game is packin
absolute garbage. i'm amazed to watch them all double, triple down on this slander,
we won't give them satisfaction by defending an untruth.we all know who the is.
josh mccown already shredding that ravens defense on 1 drive. meanwhile the bills had all of 160 yards against them
i think the bills will have a shocking win against the cardinals
wow be safe and i agree
thanks! did u ride this morning???
robert gates is correct..does our america security see this..beyond repair!!!
we have two choices, trump and hillary, voting third party will get us trump.
at , (i.nova vs d.straily) 1:10pm et, b-r game stat sheet:
time for new nova pic
daddy says my pussy needs to be filled up, so this is me patiently waiting
i'm not even joking ... as i gotta shoot footage of slaves paying to kiss and ass in public nj.
if racism ended tomorrow, the world would be a better place. flip your argument honey.
but which party benefits from the perpetuation of racism (and class warfare and poverty), doll?
got you, just drive through my house
then i'm going to have to ask for at least 10 mil
if it helps you any the betsies doxed 2a supporter and never trump. nt = john petruna an attorney in st. marys penn and 2a is
i didn't understand this?
lol this keep popping up in my notifications, untag hytz on the next on lol
we got your notifications poppin' ! lol.
in my memory single biggest terror attack in 15 years plus. kaluchak, 2002 worse,but fatalities then were families; now soldiers
why are they alleging you are leaking info to the enemy? can you not be more discrete?
just a few more months until i get get to see in nyc!!!
i'm so excited for my faves to get here, i can hardly wait!!!!
prirbus couldn't block his hat.
gop's version of the "night of the long knives"?
congratulations!!
thanks, gabby!
happy bday to 3 of my favorites have a great day &amp; live it up at 16
thanks kay love you to death
is this anyone else's fav???? ...
we just published 's perspective
espn app two days after installing. no settings changed.
. there are texts under the keyboard that you can't scroll to. been like this for years
no chance in the world these pensions will ultimately be paid out, at least not in full...
but we're bound by the "california rule."
show me proof that hillary started it. where is the video of hillary saying obama may not be us born. don't worry, i'll wait
that's not the clinton style. they hide behind hatchet men and surrogates. blumenthal, carville, et.al.
i still dream of being in long-since ended plays i did in college and can't remember my lines.
i have those too! or that i'm pushed out on stage to perform a role that i did not prepare for! glad i'm not alone! haha
ive change my yt username to pro wrestling talk
: just hope you don't run into the same problem i did.
it's always been the same over the years when dublin gets that far. we're used to it by now
yeah, my friends in mayo are one thing... it's kinda like how nearly everyone roots against the yankees.
i never want to dine at the bar. that's singleism if i ever saw it.
it's a real problem.
tim russert was one of the few people who educated himself on both sides. knew was saying and was able to back it up.
exactly and because of it, he was respected by all
wait, whut...you're stalking god?
nooooo lol!! maris starting rumors
i didn't even drink much at all last night and had a lot of water, but i woke up with a headache
me 80% of the time
no chance in the world these pensions will ultimately be paid out, at least not in full...
calstrs already decided to siphon more present k-12 spending to pay back benefits in 2014.
this year is literally flying by and i actually like that it is.
hey, are you still in georgia?
you'd be lucky to have the chance to be allowed in my presence to clean my feet
slaves at nj should be lining up to pay to kiss goddess and feet in public.
i don't know if you guys care or anything but im coming home tomorrow
ayyyeeee lets kick it bruh bruh
if one stop had a rewards program what kind of member would you be?
one stop is a liquor store in the heart of da hood in bangfield, ma fuckers!
i put the soft in
good morning
following the vs , watch chief mbonga go head-to-head with the jungle in .
dear god no. i would rather give the tip of my cock a paper cut then pour lemon juice on then watch the movie
finally got my and i am d y i n g thank you &amp; the ggg
girlfriend!!!! you look amazing!!!
deplorable media looser. political genius trump, winner by landslide! stop crying like babies. be fair next time. lol!
deplorable media looser. political genius trump, winner by landslide! stop crying like babies. be fair next time. lol!
. says he's comfortable with campaign's "name-calling": "things are a little different here in indiana than they are in new york"
pence wouldn't have the balls in ny... trump doesn't have the balls to leave the tower &amp; say it to someone's face.
i think it's better to just end this at "stars"...
that shit would happen on the moon too, i prefer earth tbh.
you can get singles at the next kickstarter launches tuesday. you can see it here
thanks! is there a way to buy the sets? or will that be available later, perhaps?
i encourage you to check out the melt down on display in 's twitter feed. stability apparently not the theme for the day.
this is both the last thing i want to do ever and the first thing i'm going to do as soon as i send this. damn it.
tim russert was one of the few people who educated himself on both sides. knew was saying and was able to back it up.
chris matthews started out like this, but let personal feeling destroy his credibility
same. we should definitely do this again for the next album
you going in november to the concert?
dude you haven't given anyone a good reason to vote hrc. there isn't one by comparison to 3rd party
she'll advance a handful of progressive goals. other candidates lack the knowledge, experience, or desire to advance any.
it's sort of amazing that has shown more respect for president bush than &amp; his apparatchiks.
has done so well in the mideast, just like gw bush did. is insane to criticize them.
this is so cute
thank you haha it always makes me smile
the sweetest part of a family celebration is a hershey's kiss
. tfw you've been waiting all night for the couple you invited over to double team you and they finally make a move
we strongly condemn the terror attack in uri, j&amp;k. our thoughts are with the families of the brave soldiers who lost their lives
and you will pay the pakis for what they did as usual? it is surprising you are of indian stock. shame on you
i've been forced to be rude to him when he served me an hermitage edging over 16%. that is not hermitage; that is fruit soup.
. nooooooo! maybe global climate change not so kind to hermitage. and of course, tragically unkind to burgundy.
wild petty like we zont go back
i'm hungry idc . needed all the blueberry muffins cheese eggs bacon and sausage
you just need one good cold shower and then everything will br fine!
it's not a cold shower that we are talking about, right? :p imma go with the gif option. light it up with cobain. &lt;3
maintenance is spelled all wrong.
tough word...says an old fart who spent part of his youth maintaining radars for uncle sugar...
what? what happened?
he deleted his shit.
i read your piece about equity and immediately made an appointment with my planner
good idea! i'd bet at this point slack is doing rsus, right?
an artwork thread:
june 12, 2016 // earl sweatshirt - a gift to ben who bought me my very first set of canvases
twitter revamp for feedback is appreciated. hd image:
needs contrasting, basically illegible.
coinstar has a locator on their site. maybe try that?
yeah that's the only thing i've found. far enough that it's annoying - was hoping for something closer
how about 1g
fine w ur cheap ass
just talked to someone who thinks hillary hasn't done enough with her life! anyone got a list of the things she has done?
thanks a lot. i sure do appreciate it. i am so mad at the way the media has been so biased about her.
no one can steal your joy.
we just published a guest blog by re:
hi alex, yes, am here and we should meet
great , see you soon here :)
given a state gdp of 2.4 trillion, this is a modest shortfall. a shortfall mostly caused by banking fraud/2008 crash.
$18k per ca household is modest?
isis carries out 3 terrorist attacks in 24 hrs and this is the bull$!?t the media likes to focus on. unbelievable.
wth? what 3 attacks over the last 24 hr are you associating with isis?!
pink + white lol only track i bump
that's aight
glad to be heading home safe and sound...scary stuff out there
were you in that area?
this person clearly does not actually read the media they criticize. we reported clinton's comments
the reason i highlight individuals like this is they are symptoms of larger problems.
pr campaign suggesting puplic sector pensions are a problem is part of koch brothers funded narrative.
no i'm not suggesting that public sector pensions are inherently a problem. i'm suggesting this law was dumb.
3 passes from inside the 5 because fuck sanity or logic
with the best ol in the league and two great short yardage rbs
you vs. the guy emily tells you not to worry about
note to self: i miss you emily.
as long as there's no weed u should be ok bruh!!!
sq just hit the weed i am pacing self lol
like the optimism but i wouldn't make that bet
i actually think the bills have a shot to beat arizona. if the cbs play to their potential that is
here is a list of the six false things donald trump said at his colorado rally yesterday:
falsehoods = lies
there is plenty of truth there. you simply choose to ignore it.
why elitists hate donald trump
you're right. it's absolutely out-of-the-question. trump would never do anything that shady. right?
what has donald trump ever done that compares to domestic terrorism? he talks shit, not blow shit up. hillary got you paranoid.
so what exactly is donald trump hiding from voters? pretty much everything.
not as mush as you are
after pathankot attack govt allowed pakistani investigators visit to airbase; different; will see no such latitude from india.
maybe the message shld go that there maybe a reaction at an unexpected quarter? hope you do not get the info or u will tweet &amp; warn?
but just in america. not in israel, of course. cause jews are important. they deserve a homeland.
israel remaining jewish prevents anti semitism. refugees coming to europe and america ends racism and white supremacy.
which one is you
i am on the right. :)^^
i told my mom abt how we jokingly proposed to kylee henke at ax and she got all weird "u..proposed to her.......and shes a girl....." yikes
well come on who wouldn't marry kyle henke in a heartbeat
i always do this lmfao especially when they lose i still rep
duhh cause if you do it when they win they be like "oh now you wanna rep them"
just who do you trust? damn if you do and damn if you don't.
its a dem tactic 2 discourage conservatives so they stay home nov 8. 1/2
i think it's a big improvement! are we friends on there??
i don't think so. tag is michaelschultz.
doesn't cnn do that exact same thing for hillary? hope all your friends are ok after the explosions.
you're so nice to ask re: explosions.going to see patrick christiano now
my preferences in this order: matthew, mesmerize, sir leland, nicavana
the fantastic four!
made plans with and to cry (just a little)
if i cry too much can someone slap me
widespread bankruptcies are coming, and it'll be ugly
we had several municipal bankruptcies and no one wanted to touch it bc they were afraid it would affect future hiring.
they're here! thank you all for supporting us on this journey!
did they tell you you have to make all the bumps for the braille version? congrats! :)
how come is allowed to on and i'm not
thanks for the &amp; be well be safe
hey. my best friend nearly got me arrested last night and my other best friend who saved my ass is sleeping. who wants to talk to me
this means text or dm me you boobs
rnc chairman: party could penalize former gop candidates who don't endorse donald trump
at least have credentials and any monetary support revoked. no consequence or enforcement makes any contract useless.
last day to help pick man of the year. vote now: nl nominees...
wow. the work of these players off the field is inspiring. hard to choose who to vote for! was a great man too.
we strongly condemn the cowardly terror attack in uri. i assure the nation that those behind this despicable attack will not go unpunished.
there is no use condemning. 1. retaliation with plausible deniablity; 2. stop msm from sending info across?
nope, has a kid and works here.
. out here crushing young ladies hopes and dreams.
major alan "dutch" schaefer
well whatever it is it's pretty unoriginal
"can i go to jail for hugging?" -ron mf jeremy
no fucking way?!?
my day was awesome, but now must go to sleep after it, so time, not sure where are. *curls up in bed*
i was at a housewarming party. :)^^
i am highly blessed, yes.
you misspelled "brainwashed."
# stop using "i'm bad with names" as an excuse for not caring enough to learn their names the last time you met
ip rights for this tweet go to
several people are getting on my last nerve today.
go do some more q &amp; a with santino and get some more laughs.
chris hogan was open by at least 7 yards.
amazing block by je11 there too
fuck that's crazy. i came back the other day! be safe out there
thank you
and trump supported what both bush and obama did at the time, they were all bad
exactly! has always supported the iraq war and has opposed russia bombing isis.
in light of our new issue, what are some of your favorite movie friendships? (and why)
favorite movie friendships: some kind of wonderful
its a dem tactic 2 discourage conservatives so they stay home nov 8. 1/2
don't give up, go 2 learn how 2 fight
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
you probably had something to do with this. ny nj hmmm or perhaps one of your supporters for sure.
this means text or dm me you boobs
for the record i am calling the people of the tl boobs, not telling you to send me boobs but
you don't even know what you're talking about. you wanna start subbing me, wasting your time, when i wasn't even talking bout u
i do know what i'm talking about. i'm just protecting my sources (: so with that said, i'll stop when you quit it.
i know man have u sorted ur hangout problem out
: i think so i've been able to talk to people on the hangout.
not just structure: fire exiting + suppression, thermal comfort, plumbing, soundproofing etc
and of course here, seismic performance ain't even close
another fun filled local summer weekend at the jersey shore, scrapped because of some asshole
but i'm enjoying my beach to myself hahaa
no shit, would you rather someone miss art (you can take that in college) or someone miss math or english ?
not providing creatives kids with art classes/outlets will make them hate school, not excel in math + english.
luckily i have a garage - i'm absolutely shocked at how cheap car leases etc are here vs .
wow $300 is insane tho. in eu it's like 60 for a whole three days
yeah oh gosh she hates it but she's getting better so it's worth it for her (even tho she doesn't see it)
my parents' cat has an anxiety disorder and licks all the fur off his stomach. they have to make him wear one sometimes lol
i know man have u sorted ur hangout problem out
: i just don't know if it'll work live.
on a serious note: pressure cookers. marathon coming up. think we need to think about whether this was a test.
i had the same thought, unfortunately.
timing of significant. india set to to underline pakistan's role in perpetrating terrorism at the here in new york
it will happen whether shittistanis attack or not. i am just waiting to see retaliation. maybe ghq with a nuke with pak uranium?
o knew yes you would like that, should probably get a bacon prop for my fursuit to be my signature item
i approve of this idea. :)^^
oh what a joyful way to spend a sunday
is this for the wife or you charlie
- amen to that! the def line puts pressure on qbs but the secondary is hit or miss.
hope you guys manage a defensive td. haha.
as you know chelsea is a gay area, is that against allah!
why did the perpetrator pick a dumpster on a side street? almost as if they wanted attention but no casualties.
crazy!! this is who runs our security?!! they can't say terrorism!! boston bombing-pressure cooker
extreme vetting close the border to all until we can vet them properly
donald trump, unable to say a truth about obama without adding an untruth about clinton...is there some lie ratio he's trying to preserve?
whatever he can get away from.
its all a lie!!! dont be fooled!!
it cant be
boyfriend/girlfriend requirement : the ability to rap eminem's fack with me.
that song tho lol
maybe in general. i was best friends with one at 14...he was my best man when i married at 3o...still luv him at 65. i don't luv many ppl
i love black folks, particularly the ones who came out of my body.
the sad part is that mn will still go blue, because minnesotans would rather get murdered than vote for a big meanie like trump.
he is mean only to those who would hurt america. vote trump/pence 2016!
i relate to this in so many ways
i'm not a natural athlete - quite the opposite - so it takes a while for my body to respond
did you see that?,hahahaha kylepetty just tweeted me back after i said he has no talent. hahaha too funny cheers
he does respond a lot especially on race day.
former army chief general shankar roy choudhary on ndtv says "time for india to raise our own fidayeen" reflecting depth of rage
we need only commandos
cavs have rj another 2-3 years now. a healthy guy that had a huge impact for the cavs. why disrupt that team and add iggy?
bc all he wud have to do is be a better shump. i have seen shump do anything since hes been here. its clear to me that
ugh, i have to choose between dallas v. washington or texans v. chiefs like a plebe.
it's the worst here because it's almost always 49ers game, raiders game, and one more game, so eww.
this in san fran?
yeah. it's still a good service. but it's fallen far from the "magical experience" it used to be. scale is hard
i just love !! her collection is awesome!!
you wear that dress beautifully!
i'm a popcorn making fool !! lol !!
what time is the movie at?
i need to figure out what to do with it lmao
yeah idk maybe a flower hahahha
you're acting like you don't know why i put deplorable in my name. don't play stupid.
. "stupid is as stupid does." i love that movie.
in 52 days, donald trump will be elected as the next president of the united states of america!
yes he will and i will be so so so happy
it explains why i'm constantly exhausted
5am shifts also explain it haha not good for anyone's health
fbi investigators are still collecting evidence from the scene of a bombing saturday in new york city's chels...
lone wolves &gt;generate fear for trump edge&gt;set off in chelsea as sign 2 hrc &gt;in dumpster so no deaths..just terror
heheheheheheh
foxy's the best
updating earlier tweet with new info: army says terrorists suspected to be 4 in no. have targeted rear administrative camp in uri near loc
what other info did the pakis ask for?
stay true to yourself. don't get lost in the motion.
how can i?.. everytime i do i get knocked down for it..i could really use a smile right now..please notice
rate me 5 stars and help me update my account. new pics ? (:
right there, boys n girls, is why neil diamond wrote sweet "carolina" ';)-
yes, but... are you aware of freek wiedijk estimate of "not yet in mizar" common maths? 140 man-years work (lol)
140 man years. what's that? about 40 phd theses?
what does this mean
i wish i had an explanation but i really don't know
morning gz
good afternoon beth hi all
you and look like actual twins hope you're having fun on tour
aww so sweet! love her and yes tour is fun!!
forgot to pour one out for harambe
i don't even know who you are anymore
spoke to today. he said espn president john skipper called him at his home when he read his piece, offering support. respect.
thanks richard for listening.
i am not reminding gays, ppl were saying why pick that area? that might b a reason yes there are gay christians
there are gay muslims too. american muslims support gay marriage by larger margins than christians polling shows. weird?
...so they kept claiming it was unfixable, and lack of maintenance made it a self-fulfilling prophesy
the east span partially collapsed in 1989 during loma prieta. it's not an academic question.
when you've spent your life eating shit and never bothered tasting fillet steak.
i like my meat mostly raw
cavs have rj another 2-3 years now. a healthy guy that had a huge impact for the cavs. why disrupt that team and add iggy?
he doesnt understand basketball and the fundamentals. shump was here in ny. i know by watching him night in night out
chicago, i'm partying at with my full band today. we play at 2:45pm on the radicals stage.
would be cool to switch outfits for second set
it may or may not have been good policy. but having huge sector of ca retiries not subject to wims of market is good.
that is not what i am suggesting. but maybe ca shouldn't have guaranteed retirement at 55.
lot across from the coliseum charging $180 for parking for the rams game today (via )
that sucks!!!!
we're on to you, hillary!
yes we are......big time
wait so kickasstorrents is back but isn't free?
haha you have to pay to illegally download sht lels
forever thanking in my head for telling me that hand sanitizer gets sharpie off your nails
the best thing i've ever realized.
you had a breakfast beer?
its &amp; on complimentary...so there's that...
the quality of uber has dropped to at or below the quality of cabs at this point. no shows, forced cancels, drivers wanting cash tips.
i should add i'm in san francisco, and live near the airport. so my experience with uber is probably below average.
hahahaha omg thank you!! forgot all about those bangs!!
we rocked it
army sources say terrorists in uri have targeted "rear adminstrative echelons", and have been "contained" before entry into headquarters
who are the "armoy sources"? maybe an investigation is needed to pinpoint leak?
happy birthday my beautiful, sweet, lil sis! ilysm! &amp; i hope your bday is as amazing as you are!! xoxo
thanks babe!! love you
enner was decent when he came on tbf
this is so true. him and sacko played a huge role in their initial seasons
i love flannels and fall weather it's my favorite for sure!
um, how have i not shot country-rock music videos starring this lovely carolina gal?
. would love to have no audience just the moderator &amp; candidates,
would be best w/no audience; with supporters of both...1/2
miami's police union told its deputies not to protect players. why? because a few guys took a knee.
read on and the question of who gets to be called a "patriot." brilliant essay.
obama before d-day: "remember, not all germans are nazis, and we must r protect the members of the moderate nazi community"
history repeating itself!
if you need help, i'd be happy to make it right
lol priorities. si vieras nuestro lead conversion rate seria otro cuentos. not hiring marketing or assholes right now anyway. :)
the east span partially collapsed in 1989 during loma prieta. it's not an academic question.
but the "freeway on stilts" that caltrans originally proposed would have been better
when this campaign is over (or even sooner), can we retire the phrase "power through it"? it's had a bit of a workout.
your reaction even sillier than the phrase itself
otherness: not faith or race but his cool detachment, intellectual distance + oblig to global v. us responsibilities
years of birther bullshit coming out of trumps mouth. how, why do you defend that?c clips of the spewing everywhere.
driving up to santa barbara right now, any recommendations on what to see or where to eat?
there's a bomb ass mexican restaurant there in downtown. just yelp it. i forgot what it was called
took notes from
i write emails, leave yelp reviews.. proud of you sis.
how disappointed are you that the crowd didn't chant "heeeeath" when james caught it?
ha! there were a few
connection is this. while us army killing so many people, i hardly see news about it in international media but instead
so, please send me a link. and, do not link your comments to my personal ones. makes no sense whatsoever.
it may or may not have been good policy. but having huge sector of ca retiries not subject to wims of market is good.
because the situation now is that we will have to shortchange current services to pay this all back.
since you apparently hate hiding things from voters, please give the american public your medical records.
she is not about to because they will be devastating
to answer your question, i'd keep the older phone. let them work out the bugs on 7 until your 6 gets unwieldy.
that wasn't my question but i agree
my birthday is in 4 days so who's buying
mine is in 5
i would say both honestly. sweetie, honey, puddin, doll.
you're making me blush. stop it.
...you are so talented!...is an honor for me to follow you!...keep it coming..
i'm not worthy
the awful wines j-lc makes are an insult to his father's gifted tenure. the bloody australians grow syrah in the barista! mad!
. i do like the locution "syrah in the barista" better than the actual wine itself.
it may or may not have been good policy. but having huge sector of ca retiries not subject to wims of market is good.
have you seen the schools? and how much districts now have to pay on the dollar to meet these obligations?
tell me more about how colorado and maine are not different states
because he doesn't need to win the state of me to win an electoral vote from them, just 2nd dist.
it's still all day!!!
i respect that!!
found a bollywood radio station its lit!
omg what is it
would be best w/no audience; with supporters of both...1/2
there will very likely be some fights.
it may or may not have been good policy. but having huge sector of ca retiries not subject to wims of market is good.
and how much that affects current k-12 students? bc we made unwise promises?
thx for connecting w/ and keep working hard until you walk across that stage for graduation!
yes! hopefully see you all for a run monday night
someone really smart but really old solved this puzzle.
i saved that one.
trump's tax returns bear no consequence on whether he can handle daily challenge of presidency
that is actually all she has to talk about which mean nothing to me
there's still a lot of denial among democrats about how tight the race has become, despite abundant evidence from high-quality polls.
i see no sign of denial. just fear.
just in: luke del rio injury is not season ending. it is believed to be a knee sprain. (via )
how long out
happy 69th birthday to the today from and all of us at the
thank you gary! a true patriot!
this cat is trying to get a chicken, but never cause a problem last
awesome, have a great day!!
i'm black and i approve the entire marc jacobs ss17 collection. it's not cultural appropriation at allllll lol.
raver locks came out of jamaican culture &amp; mj's hair guy utterly erased the connection; given lvmh size/$$, it's a bad look
2a, who's a total creep and was suspended as is mike virone, hawley, pa. company is building dreams gen contractors
that's that guy. this whole time i thought he was from tx.
! diversity without assimilation is division
couldn't re-tweet this hummmmmm
hard to believe there's just 124 days until donald trump is sworn in as president of the united states
i remember when i thought this was funny
. love power players: women in global leadership
"when you get to the top - don't drop the ladder." with
driving to the airport blasting the cloud nothings.
like your work. heard you on wxpn,followed you like your putdown of love it or leave it moron. huge fan of yes, prompted tweet.
the data may not contain the answer. and, if you torture the data long enough, it will tell you anything ~jw tukey
you mean ronald h. coase? unless you have a reference, google says otherwise.
fun fact: it's physically impossible to feel upset and eat yucca at the same time. truly, honestly.
i had mofongo for the first time last night and i just
score update ravens 0 | browns 14
announce final
i'm headed to san diego to see blues traveler perform i will do whatever it takes to get a photo with john popper. wish me luck.
i believe in you
we made out 10 minutes over our allotted time. thank you for all of your support
there was a moment when "good vibrations" came on right before we were checking out and i almost lost it.
i would say both honestly. sweetie, honey, puddin, doll.
btw, you're essentially correct. but one more than the other. but i'd love to see them both come crashing down.
an artwork thread:
august 8, 2016 // freehanded corgi - sydnie's birthday present because she loves corgis :-)
they were promised to workers, so they're retroactively having their labor stolen
actually current ca law doesn't allow state to rescind this. all you can do to respond is undermine
there was a bombing in chelsea in nyc. everyone out there be safe
there was another bomb but that was found by a bomb squad and handled
those hollering "cultural appropriation" "omg locs on white models" know nothing about culture and y'all look stupid
plus mj's response was really horrible; again he's a millionaire a few times over
j-lc is a greedy swine, makes wine for high points. there's great hermitage still; i'll pop one next time you're in blighty
that would be very kind. for now at least, syrah begins and ends w/ jamet and jean-michel stephan.
love these endless trop house summers
*drinks ros and flails arms around like an idiot* all summer 16 it aint ovahhh
in new york today for summit w/
wear shorts. avoid 23rd st to 30th st, 5th ave to 7th ave.
browns baby
browns x2!!!!
they were promised to workers, so they're retroactively having their labor stolen
current quality of public services, so more out of every current $ spent is sent to meet these promises.
my old loft windows, when open, would have like a 30x30 opening each vs these new twist-handle ones that barely open
is that energy code? my 1960s dingbat windows in palms &amp; my 1980s podium windows in glendale are trash.
us air force turns 69 today. here's list of countries it has bombed since ww2.
1998 sudan was a us navy op:
a meme is worth a thousand words.
no you are not or you would not be holding that big gun. she wants to take guns away from all of us
they didn't want to be seen but they wanted a crowd? why r you asking me?
"being seen" wasn't a concern in isis's european attacks. so why the change in mo in nyc?
hello summit!
it's week, which means global side events galore in nyc!
what do you drive?
a celica but i don't like my car
that was a scary hit
very scary, he's still down! doesn't look like he can get up on his own
is there any other website besides 'first row sports' i can live stream a game from?
chloe if you're looking for ravens, just go on about your day lol. it's getting ugly fast
i also really dislike how my dad was trying to imitate me here - wow dad, wow
this is the cutest thing ever
didn't update my phone to ios 10 because ... i don't feel like it
i'm not doing it ether ! lol
thanks so much to and for hosting - this generously donated venue made it possible to have a big event!
glad this all happened, sorry i couldn't be there.
bruh this is la coliseum. not oakland!
oh shit you right ! i'm still not used to these niggas being in la. $180 is outrageous tho to park the whip
lets go ginn with the early touchdown rack them fantasy points!
aww called back
amen! we should not satisfy the desires of the flesh but of the spirit
"if anyone desires to come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me. mathew 16:24
"describe yourself in 3 fictional characters" i only have one
awww come on holly i can think of another the bird from thumbalina
because he doesn't need to win the state of me to win an electoral vote from them, just 2nd dist.
you do know how the electoral vote in me and ne work, don't you?
this was taken yesterday right?
-that is why i love you!!!
i love how the hospital that i will be working at is literally right in front of my place&amp; on top of that i get free wifi
ballin on a budget? lmao when you just bought a "victorian" in sf? haha whats 50 more dollars a month.
: "we've seen violence directed at american embassies over an awful internet video."
yes she does about everything...things that don't even matter but they are catching up with her
i don't mind people unfollowing or blocking me. i'm just thinking out loud.
when i get deep in thought, i just buy more followers and short apple.
swing state shock
if cbs is saying this....it must be even worse for hillary!
yessss still deciding: frenchie or american
both great choices. will say frenchie
just dropped 770$ to change tatis flight here by one day
nothing else in the world would have worked out if u didn't do that, u probably wouldnt have been able to come home in feb tbh
like a billion of them haha, is it los agaves?
oooooo yes. i had it last time. so bomb
spice up your broncos tailgate with some ! in the freezer section of king soopers or in the deli of your costco
bud light at 11am? knew i followed you for a reason
happy 300 day snap streak
we made it fam!!
over their error. i'm so upset and disappointed because students shouldn't have to deal with this especially with school stress.
that should be replaced for the price you paid. that's ridiculous
when you bring your girl food and you drink 70% of her drink because your waiting ooooops
me every time
welcome weekend mass &amp; i'm the only clergy woman? let's do this!
your hair is on point.
brown liquor only
wtf is that
this mercury in retrograde is . despite it all, there's some good news on deck, including an invite to the for !
yeah, mercury in retrograde has been no joke this past week. my invite was in the spam folder! i hope to meet you there!
new!! the saastr co-selling space. 15,000 square ft in sf to sell and scale together. via saastr
when owal opens our sf office i will be in touch
is she giving him air?
girl, i told her he's gonna shit everywhere cause he's not use to that fancy shit
the niners got nothing on cam
i take this back *sigh*
all the things on sale at
fully embracing suburban life i see ;)
we can imagine! that's quite a long time. so, were you just visiting friends back here, then?
i &lt;3 nyc. yes, always need to go back for some of the best friends a girl could ask for.
thanks, ! hope all's well!
doing well, thanks!
'i need a seat' buttons solves inadvertent mistaking of well fed for preggers h/t
keep calm and offer me a seat
i'm sure it's just how their dl rotation works via number of series or plays, but suh was off field for the pats' red zone plays. bad timing
it's crazy how much better nate solder is at football than marcus cannon. clean pocket
there was a moment when "good vibrations" came on right before we were checking out and i almost lost it.
we stayed focused, worked as a team, didn't let the fact that i am the worst in retail situations effect our attitude.
why can't dave east just walk into my life and tell me he wanna marry me, like why
settle for one of us dominicans and deal wit it !!
nothing like having the range to yourself on a quiet sunday morning while summer slips into fall.....
that works!
welcome weekend mass &amp; i'm the only clergy woman? let's do this!
... i'm sure your theology is, as well, but the hair is particularly great today.
you at sfo? got stuck in reentry line for 3 hours last fall. then had to recheck &amp; go back through security. ugh.
i got thru fairly quickly at reentry &amp;security. total ball buster.
it's week, which means global side events galore in nyc!
this year's will be discussing lots of subjects close to my heart: refugees, climate change, oceans, and antibiotics.
the jimmy johns by my place is not freaky fast.
unacceptable
there's also this...
by the age of two, most people learn biting is a no-no. what's with these people?!
not anymore classic ravens!!!!
fucks sake i put your defence in too because the browns are so bad lol
says pushed 'bigoted lie' regarding 's citizenship
still lying and grasping at straws!
hair of the dog anyone?
story of my life
will donald ever apologize for birtherism?
little cartoons are stupid and meaningless
although our side is not free of scandals it seems like the vast majority are from the
calculated attacks,trumps charlatanism, name calling, &amp; lies are a new low for the right.
my brain didn't register "show" and i was like "this is how you get your jokes???"
ask and ye shall receive
i've been in therapy for two years and on meds. i'm doing my best.
which is frankly pretty f*cking good +100
i think ash was ready for it, she took the opportunity and she ran with it. hollywood is about preparation meets opportunity
ash is and has never really been a part of hollywood. and again. she's in a india. anyway.
haye cobain!!!! and ummmm.. well..
now i am no longer thinking about ali zafar and co. now i am thinking of listening to some good music. yes.
pretty much lucky me. gotta get ready for. i'll be back talking trash
jeesus what happened to this nigga?
what browser are you using micah?
mobile chrome beta on android 6.0.1
also? prior to two years of relentless left &amp; right attacks, clinton was most popular politician in us. googlable.
this is true. she was more popular than obama when she was sec of state.
new column was filed last night, latest rankings are in and will be up tonight. now to pick a . stay tuned.
katie mcloughlin for player of the weak wins with many kills vs north rockland and fox lane and mvp of yorktown
and lincoln's plan was to send freed slaves to mine coal in c america, blames them 4 war
i'm not going to judge lincoln by 2016 standards. his views were progressive for 1860's. he was murdered over them.
next panel: power players: women &amp; global leadership with and dr. joyce banda
. great panel w/ &amp; global leaders &amp; helenclarkundp
it's just a connection from sfo, right? you should be good. it's just the international connections that they double tsa you.
i'm flying a different airline to nola. i'm sure it'll be good. i hope.
planning for the week ahead. inspired by with
oh good, you got my note :-)
the dx is the start of understanding and forging a new way of being you
thanks, you're right and so awesome!
i just wish i could watch it! my mom got rid of nfl network, so i'm stuck keeping up with the live updates
the way they're playing, i don't want to watch lol. they better tighten up, 14-0...horrible
i agree, it is terrorism, put terrorists in camps ,1 camp islam, 1 camp catholic, 1 camp baptist etc
too funny, catholic's with pressure cooker bombs-made my day!
colin kaepernick, other nfl players continue national anthem protests in week 2 - usa today
in other news i just took a deuce
sheriffs from across the u.s. pressure the obama administration &amp; congress to start enforcing our immigration laws.
why should law enforcement have to be asked to enforce the laws??
how's bimbo-dickin' bubba, ?
i hear that all the time where i live and it is very popular
i'm just tired of all of this. seeing how divided we really are is depressing. do you (cont)
politics happened.
priebus: rnc could block kasich and bush from running again if they don't back trump
. ahhh, american democracy...... republican style!
my mcm sells zines @ the ny art book fair
my ex is literally selling zines at the book fair, no joke.
this shit so fye
i can get the black tee with my son ryu on it
bill maher to trump campaign manager: 'you are enabling pure evil'
we love it sucker. unlike your fucking comrades, he is for the hard working american taxpayers. those that pay for your fake job
he might be paralyzed bro
that shit looked bad.
i identify as a black bisexual woman
my name is agadith
i liked a video from hello everyone, just stopping by. black ops 3 gameplay
thanks brotha
wait what ?
yeah lol you can choose if you want your receipt on for certain ppl on imessage
great. have you had the chance to completely unpair the devices from your phone and re-establish again?
i have not, but i have updated to 10.0.1 and it seems to have solved the static issue. will follow up if it continues
cfr meeting: phase-out all currency larger than $10 bills~
the cluelessness of that cash quote is breathtaking. i have a use for it.
also? prior to two years of relentless left &amp; right attacks, clinton was most popular politician in us. googlable.
old pattern, on loop: closer clinton is to the levers of power, less she is liked.
great video of my hand &amp; (also brace urselves for 492995 pictures tomorrow sorry)
holy crap. my dead body would still be lying there if that had been me.
update: "soldier of islamic state"
of course it was terrorism!
out shopping and i bought this but my husband said i am not allowed to wear it in public
i was totally distracted by the awesome sticker on your phone...but the outfit looks good too!
'muslims are the greatest threat to america' he says, finishing his third pack of cigs
gotta go to walmart to re-up on that sweet, sweet, fizzy drink we all know and love: soda pop
i want to give a talk: "how to be an infra start-up in a post cloud world."
i'll listen in, to our hawaii chat....
: candidates refer to nyc blast as bomb but takes brunt of media criticism
donald speaks and the liberals in nyc jump on him no one told him a gas explosion no someone said a bomb
jeremy kerley is a professional punt returner. feel good with him back there. haven't felt that years.
might be the best returner since , gulp, dexter carter?!?!?
when are we gonna hang out, steve?
next time i come to nyc. you're at the top of my list. of bottoms.
someone next to me on this flight is reading "how to build social science theories." feel like maybe i should have read it at some point.
she's a journalism student so i just want to thank her professor out there for assigning it. bad social science reporting = maddening.
one love family , shouts out to ghana
aha! eiii i thought we were famirillyyy chale. ha.
hi update. this is the first time in awhile that i got out the shower and feel really pretty without any makeup on. thanks for listening!
yes b!! embrace your beauty
as far as i'm concerned, they're done!
- meaning the base republican party is done. long live trump u party. what's our fight song? let's con more
they have def. been behind -- i think interest from some is there - but no incentives
incentive is to continue having a j-school ;^}
grown men playing a children's game lol
the men wearing the helmets are tossing around an egg, not a ball
lol i'm getting that right now
will you please bring me someeeee
well bless your heart!
i may be a yankee but i still know what that means. ;)
caught it on video. happens when i leave screen sharing open and let the machine sleep then wake it up again
it's happy to see you
international students freaked out that someone was shot at penn the other day. they told us and we literally went: "eh, that happens a lot"
then a bomb goes off and we all just go back into manhattan and go to sleep like nothing ever happened.. why are new yorkers too chill???
where are the militias who are patriots standing up for land rights? i hear crickets.
patriots r more worried about ball game teams and the national anthem than thieves stealing the republic and liberty
yes! i've never grasped pathological need to lie about ages. if you let number define you, that's on you. just live life already.
i do understand because women are defined by age by society. but my opinion? only way to fight back? is to own it.
matt cassell proved this rt : y'all got dookie qbs so y'all gotta talk about there's a "system" in ne. hilarious
he was working with a top 10 defense and top 5 o line......
finn was discharged. not out of the woods yet/still no platelets but he's stable enough to be monitored at home
poor baby! hope things get better for him (and you!) soon. xoxo
my emmy jewelry has arrived!!
the red carpet is very lucky to have you and your crew on it....
now let's see if the o can give the d a breather
i'm loving the intensity &amp; smart play from this d
um, how have i not shot country-rock music videos starring this lovely carolina gal?
dearest ms. rose ';), shalleth be attending nj?
do we get a report card? y or f?
in f today. probably y on friday. will grade then. :)
look at her! she looks drugged up and absolutely wiped out!
maybe the muslims have a bigger plan for hillary should she make president: if there drugging her now: hummmmmmm
all i want to do is watch my packers with kim tonight but work is ruining that
tell em babe
best start to a game i can remember. let's go!!!
. super. bowl.
stupid msm believes trump just said that off the cuff when in fact he was briefed on his plane on what happened.
thing is your not supposed to tell media before the city mayor or governor is&gt; trump too stupid to no
we're gonna win
not if you are for hillary. donald trump is going to proudly be our next president . thank god
that's power of cobain. omg, bless his soul!!! *sobs uncontrollably*
please don't cry.
until we fix pre-k &amp; secondary education, what's the point?
the points are we can address both, pre-k and secondary are paid for, and many are doing just fine in pre-k &amp; secondary.
will it be translated to swedish?
not that i know of. feel free to suggest it to a publisher. :) thanks.
bias is a noun bitch. and biased is an adjective
no, in that sentence it's a verb used as an adjective. like "burnt" or "eaten", etc. you use the participle form.
was that the game played at giants stadium because of katrina ?
no dont think so
just change their party affiliation to d. we dont need traitors in our party
democrats would gladly welcome reasonable people who can no longer recognize eisenhower's party.
donald trump's new anti-abortion letter should terrify you via
hey people defending donald trump, he'd never do that for you.
interesting times ahead...
maybe trying to influence us elections
well, we know it's not game-used.
still waiting to see the joe mcewing or matt franco jersey.
just laid down the jew hammer on these annoying people on the train
it was pretty epic
been trump since day one. we'll win.
. hope you are old enough not to get drafted when trump pushes back to a world leader.
you forgot the "we don't even need your vote" part
ah that was a special.
yeah that'd suck pretty bad
it really does..
to put more money into my truck or save up for a tattoo?
or train with b1st. tattoos and cars won't help you get to the next level
thanks! so tell us, what's a skin you wished vg had?
fishnet cath plz and thank you
finally getting around to watching the new season of ahs and holy crap this is gonna be soooo good
which reminds me, i am not watching dance moms anymore-one episode of those bitchy moms was all i could take!
but like, you should still go to the gym. just do weights and not too much cardio. you will lose even more weight if you run.
ill come up with something haha
hillary pundit just said on fox that trump supporters are "mentally deficient". no pushback by anchor. wow.
truth hurts?
that guy doesn't know what he's talking about.
wish you were here
i get drunk about once a year and also go to jack about once a year for some reason i combined the two im so sorry
i remember looking down at some and u were playing air guitar during k33p c4lm
i hear android can be customized because it's open
the replies to his tweet are hilarious: "tim cook needs to leave before he damages apple."
joaquim phoenix is a talented actor. so sensitive!
do u think joaquim phoenix is a pisces?
rt if you love america ! one rt is an actual vote. one like is a thumbz up! rt
that is a very good guy who would even think about allowing that. it was cute
when dem lose an argument, they call people names and mock them. we are all americans. do not let dem divide.
you presume wrong. we're winning.
i know i have to give you many more infos to let you help me i have to read/study more to be more specific, sorry
do you want/need a new laptop? any interest in using it for vr?
not since.... ginn
ginn was good early but not as2011 went into playoffs!
i get emoshunal when it comes to him!
everyone gets emotional when it comes to him, but das life, and life is trippy like that cat.
when isn't he
he's made of iphone glass
love! wonder if someone in that session can look at my wonky ventolin inhaler. it's not spraying right...argh!
i'm sure dia, or i could take a look! (is it empty?!)
perhaps a visual will help.
right up there with the kitten &amp; puppy videos...
until we fix pre-k &amp; secondary education, what's the point?
and since nothing is ever "fixed," if we wait til then, we would never estatlish a free college program.
when will the media learn they can't guilt or shame people into voting for ? we know who she is.
this is called "willful ignorance", badge of the deplorable 'we'.
we would be happy to look into this for you. please email us at socialinfo.com with your rental agreement#.
will do, thanks!
this year's will be discussing lots of subjects close to my heart: refugees, climate change, oceans, and antibiotics.
by the way, &amp; are amazing! will the next sec gen finally be a woman?
i was hoping for john franco. i guess that's close enough
he's going to the jags game
so you can't call that black scum a racist? hypocrite! "i want to kill white people" is what he said
obvi there can be racism on both sides. not that you care, you only care about racism towards your side.
yeeee foxy is a hero :d
yeah he is xd
rt if you love america ! one rt is an actual vote. one like is a thumbz up! rt
trump is a brave man who loves america
no, in that sentence it's a verb used as an adjective. like "burnt" or "eaten", etc. you use the participle form.
it's a really common error, probably because in spoken english the syllable coda is reduced and assimilates to the /s/.
omg this gif
lol i'm vry grateful for working his magic and *truly* capturing my essence
chill fil a being closed on sundays is my legitimate idea of hell.
i'd like to know why they put all their locations in south bay. they need to spread that out across bay for rest of us.
thank you sheemy!
of course. whenever you get a chance, i need your snapchat name.
but i bet the republicans could win cali. great electoral votes there.
b0b-0, you're entertaining. i really bear no ill will;you just make it so easy.
prediction: on the off chance trump wins, he still won't be as bad as george w. bush.
wishful thinking
until we fix pre-k &amp; secondary education, what's the point?
and since nothing is ever "fixed," if we wait til then, we would never establish a free college program.
how have you been divided and oppressed?
google "pepe". talk to me after an hour browsing 4chan.
so so so ahmazing!!!! great job honey!
thank you so much!! rt
meet clarke, the that automatically takes call notes for you
i think i have one of these already; it's called an answering machine...
no one knows what they will face tomorrow, but you can have the peace, joy, and security of knowing jesus christ as your savior.
no jesus, no peace. know jesus, know peace. in this crazy world, he is the only constant!
browns x2!!!!
cleveland mothafuckin browns!!!!
100% accurate! this applies to a few other fan bases but definitely uf.
lol how quickly they forget.
i love that we got a selfie together!
you went from a fiesty redhead to a spirit potato to a random goat in sf?
. "we expect her to realize that our previous experience of her leadership ... was a dismal failure.." , still failing
dowd is too forgiving here. not just a "failure". hrc caused real damage throughout the 90s. still is
and russo for county court
if there is an event send a pdf. we did not get it.
some guy? ex haitian senator president said bill clinton tried to bribe him,
well, at least 1 haitian will have gotten a benefit from the clinton foundation.
fishnet cath plz and thank you
borat lance will be good as well. superwoman cath. cat woman koshka. supersayan vox
he is on my bench too.... impossible to predict
my rbs in ppr: yeldon, demarco murray, crowell, ryan matthews, cadet, gore and leveon bell.
milestone! last night r 1st twt was rt by bunch o deplorables. 2day, the # is trend(y)! ftw
and now?! twitter is ing ! we couldn't be more proud!
imagine if the mets hadn't totally botched conforto's entire season?
or imagine if he didn't suck for 5 months?
it was a dumpster in front of a school for blind hello!
that avoids the question of why isis did not just recruit martyrs, as they did in europe?
i don't understand the hype either
this better be worth it!
this country was built by millions who barely finished high school or less. college should be a choice, not a requirement
she never said it should be a requirement.
no! it's nearly new but...not right! squirts out weirdly.
i bet someone from / is here
i don't need to bet anything. you just won't. and if you do, it's staying that way
wouldn't be the first time that it didn't say we were in a relationship but
victorian moldings were mass produced too! it was a byproduct of industrialization.
yup. preservationists tell me new design is "contrived". but what they love came from kits!
how many times do people have to tell you that msnbc and cnn already confirmed it started in clinton camp? jesus christ.
wtf are you watching they've said it numerous times that clinton did not start it. get your hearing aids checked
it's a really common error, probably because in spoken english the syllable coda is reduced and assimilates to the /s/.
so if you don't read a lot you won't realize that in text the phrase is "you're biased". like how people write "should of".
all the momentum zapped
it was zapped when they didn't cash in on that first turnover
hartlepool college, under the respect campaign, does not condone any forms of racial abuse from its staff or students.
students must be disciplined for such behavior.
if you're renting for more than a few hours than you probably shouldn't be using turo
see, $80 for an entire weekend thru a regular rental co
a new favorite: the model - brass mafia by on
thanks barry!we had a lot of fun recording that one all live together in the studio. improvised most of the arrangement
texas chainsaw massacre has such an unnerving lack of exposition. theres no hint of the killer, then he's slappin someone on the meat hook.
i'm not crazy about that movie, but wasn't that the point? like, just pure chaos and hysteria?
"it's parkinson's disease" wikileaks document
you are all so gullible! how do you ever keep a job?
yes please!!
ah dude, you gotta give a trigger warning before something like that ... as i just shot chocolate milk out my nose ';)-
odd how after trump ended birtherism in 2011 he added an afterword to his book saying the certificate could be fake.
and still dt lets his taxes hang over his own head.
ordered my copy!
thanks! hope you enjoy it!
why talk about the donald instead of what you will do for us? help me make a decision on whom i should vote for.
if you want to continue with a very corrupt government then pick hillary. she endorsing all of obama's policies
philly is rad. south street
what are all those clouds i thought it's always sunny in philadelphia?!
he is coming for us..... nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
yyyyyyeeeeeeeeessssssss
none, they're not official merchandise
like them any way
ugh it's so ridiculous. ps it won't be on much longer since she's going to jail
i was honestly surprised it came back this season-figured lifetime would say no maddie, no show
what dictates which users have this large message button on their twitter profile?
i think you can define yourself as service or something and it adds it
you'd better be wearing grandy shirsey
no one here to take the picture but you know it!
browns beating the ravens 14-0 already i bet everybody saw that one coming
buffalo had those explosive plays available to them last week and played cautious
it confuses me very much when i'm up here in new york and i see confederate flags flying...
i think a lot of folks agree with you.
you guys!!! my animals in space enamel pins are here and they are small &amp; cuuute:
i'll be sending these out to kickstarter backers this week, and the rest will go up in my shop
welcome to the party! did they travel through time yet? can you believe hooper is a gaseous being? wait. how far are you?
almost there... :) only three eps in, but have a feeling we'll be through by next weekend. can't wait...
dak knows where to go with it
i could make those passes
dolphins ran the same 3rd &amp; 1 garbage play like we do
their d looks horrible. maybe they should fire their offensive coordinator
oh so niggas can play more games that's why he ain't read my shit
right like put that shit back on and keep it on
the vscode vim plugin has a new exciting bug where it just refuses to respond to any input at all until you hard-restart vscode.
i like vscode in theory (&amp; the vim plugin is actively being developed by very nice people!) but some plugins are just so far behind atom :(
why does it measure time in dollars?
how do you measure time? (it's cause there are tolle on those routes)
heart stopping watching treated and carted off field. entire quiet.
yes, i was watching and praying for pj williams.
garoppolo tarnishing brady's (bayesian) legacy with damn near every throw.
and burnishing belichick's.
anyone who wants me to bury my race &amp; culture for your comfort, to bury my heritage in a miasma of fake colorblindness, the answer is "no."
culture and heritage of course. but race is a fiction.
oh but it is!
its coming because even hideaki anno apologized for taking hella long smh
something wrong with your eyes?
nothing at all
"i do not expect to see home again." snowden
where are you getting all the snowden quotes from?
never saying "alternative" again. word is dead to me.
i'm trying to come up with an alternative... oops.
they're actually proxy fights about whether *whatever just happened* needs to be addressed as a matter of national policy.
when 2 muslim women pushing strollers were attacked last week and another set on fire, word "terrorism" wasn't used
you could send a fellow tim one
it's their merch. i only make it drop them a line :-)
so if you don't read a lot you won't realize that in text the phrase is "you're biased". like how people write "should of".
because they don't realize it's a contraction of "should" and "have", where the auxiliary verb "have", is reduced to "'ve".
i'm cringing
i was concerned
no way they didn't call that
they didn't
also a current campaign theme - she should be president b/c it "her turn"
"after all that she's put up with" always the victim. hrc never takes into account the damage she's done.
i think yes - "patronizing" also has inherent maleness (patron), even if the subject is female. likewise if object is male.
"patronize" might be more flexible in that dad's lecture everyone, not just their daughters.
woa 2.0 is really holding me back from living my truth and being at this game.
off message. on brand.
i so cannot wait!!! it's been a very long hiatus! when does hockey start?
took all my jerseys to the dry cleaners yesterday
lost our first match 6-3 however one of those 3 goals was mine
when did you take up sportsball? also, which sportsball?
yeah girl i moved here a couple weeks ago!
seriously? that's so rad!
blowing up a bomb is an act of terrorism. it doesn't matter the ethnicity of perp.
no. blowing up a bomb would be an act of terrorism if there's *proven* political intent.
to my followers that could care less for chemtrail shaming. sorry. to everyone else, get your popcorn and start scrolling
you did not disappoint, that was a popcorn worthy ride. but how can us in ga meet our chemtrail quota? vape pen out the window?
happy sunday!
likewise dee dee and all
exactly! i'm hoping the from will tell us!
i feel the same way but it may come from a surprise and it will
that's where we miss romo rt : the game gets too big for prescott in the red zone. glad they get there though
. i think you being a fan just convinced my boyfriend to start watching the with me. but,
because they don't realize it's a contraction of "should" and "have", where the auxiliary verb "have", is reduced to "'ve".
it's a kind of textual shibboleth that indicates someone doesn't read very much, since it's a transcription error.
if the question of coolest movie foot-chase ever comes up here's my pick...
one of my favorite scenes in movie history.
great stuff, you wait all day for the nfl to start and then your team does this!
we just went for it on 4th and goal and got nothing
safety recall: exchange at your carrier for a new note7, galaxy s7, s7 edge or to get a refund.
while you're there, pick up one of them new iphones...
twitter sued by investor for failing to deliver on user growth...
i thought 's goal was to run out all users on the right, either by shadow banning them, or banning outright?
i woke up early to renew my account, and start setting things up for and me to begin a new adventure!
this proves it must be love
yep. i just noted that i benched coleman in fantasy today. woohoo
i passed on crowell in the draft for frank gore lmao
has anyone heard him tell the truth..ever..
yes, that one time he said he hated kids and wouldn't change diapers!
we've spent the night in houston on the way back from an international flight.
i'm not doing that. i have trip insurance. i'll make them pay for a room.
. it doesn't hold up. tweeted this at 11:22. before de blasio confirmed.
. actually de blasio spoke right as clinton did
also from thierry mugler fall 1995 couture- vladimir mccrary (yes!) :
this thread.
no. we need a healthy work environment. fix the problem, don't ask victim to change.
agreed. but changing the work environment is a slow-moving effort, what can we do in the meantime?
i may be a "liberal" from la, but lived in tx long enough to know what it means too. such a great phrase, don't you think?
like a subtlely sweet smack in the mouth :)
you misspelled "brainwashed."
what do nitwits do when i present them with the truth? block me! lol! who's the dumbass?
look who i found at . and james gosling
honored for the nice pic and company!
this sad photo was taken in front of my office in the / golden gate and taylor looks like a mash unit.
interesting echo of this classic photo
and i expect the laws aren't immutable?
lots of electeds have tried to get around "california rule." the courts have generally sided against it.
your obsession with slander is staggering. can you possibly publish anything that is meaningful!
slander is spoken and untrue. this is neither of those.
thanks for more background on jeh! republicans in congress helped to approve him as head of dhs!
no surprise. remember there's "no evidence" of pay to play with jay or in the many ambassadorships handed to big donors. none!
they should of kick the field goal
horrible play calling , watch them lose by 2
christie: nj explosion 'clearly an act of terrorism'
yes, domestic.
it's a kind of textual shibboleth that indicates someone doesn't read very much, since it's a transcription error.
a lot of people falsely attribute this as a grammatical mistake, but it's really an orthography error.
tonight's ucbt chelsea midnight show "let me break you up" has been cancelled. refunds will be processed for those that had them.
is the theater open today &amp; will there be shows? i have a class show &amp; would love to let my attendees know either way. thx!
if ur more concerned about calling a bomb a bomb, shred ur credentials u left biased pos's!
as always, you say what a lot of us are thinking. thank you!
i really don't like when my mom opens my snapchats and doesn't respond
my phone died ...but you know you liked the last one!
steph, watch this. clinton, is dying and always stoned.
i would watch, but i don't see a link to click. she is a sickly woman in mind, body and soul
ok you are dead...and me...i am his friend...
heh xd *jumps up on nightmare foxy* yay! xd
two observations. 1) the cowboys fans sound very loud out there today. 2) we are in trouble. as you were....
they're all from manassas and prince georges, texas
598 total yards (424 rushing, 174 passing). black knights defense held utep to 9 first downs. army time of possession: 39:07
correction on time of possession - 41 minutes, 40 seconds.
de blasio: no evidence of terrorism trump: isis has captured times square d: be careful of speculation t: the disney store is now a mosque
the disney store does have the awkward architecture and lack of space to make it a mosque ;)
the community which has faced the max brunt and suffered silently is the sikh community.
., actually it's muslims and those perceived to be muslim. not a hierarchy, but a common struggle.
ok then, you have no favourite but what song on the album has the most important meaning to you?
well i hope i never get stuck in a situation like the one that inspired mean what i mean and so that song is my anthem.
i freaked out. as soon as i realized it wasn't on my finger i knew exactly where i left it. thank goodness it was late.
samezies. josten's discontinued band logo year after i got mine. not sure i could replace it if lost
that's a damn good question. anyone else?
not mine either! found out from arden's video
so thankful and impressed with the staff and manager at at in - went out of their way to help me!
the secret big&amp;tall section i was not aware of? but those guys are class acts always have been
i should have tweeted my yesterday's one too then, eh
you know what i always say "if it's about soup, put it on twitter dot com"
bad start for my skin's
same here for giants
i've taken the thingy out, shaken it, put it back in...all the usual things &amp; it's not happy
have you cleaned the actuator? (blue bit)?
favorite movie friendships: some kind of wonderful
favorite movie friendships: under the cherry moon
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
threateny mcthreatenpants at least we all know your obesity is a fact.
you're kidding right?
lol!! you should be riding my friend!! loved the show on long island fri you sounded great charlie! lookin forward to nov
i bet you was sad right after you tweeted that
it's all good mayne, it's still early in the game
fox sports go wont let me sign in to my verizon account and stream the game
but itll load the page for xfinity woooooow
and i expect the laws aren't immutable?
this court case though: it'll be ugly, whatever happens.
.: "we will keep the public informed every step of the way as we get actual, real evidence."
i don't believe these were terrorist attacks. nj bomb went off before the race and chelsea well ppl were hurt but now terr style.
if the "genius bar" would have looked at the dead mac &amp; declared it so, would have bought another. but no.
tried resetting the smc and pram? helps sometimes to revive a seemingly dead macbook.
damn joe. dexter? are u trying to make kerley put it on the ground!
dexter had a few good season tho - gotta reach back to 91!
i should feel great about the overwhelming support that poured out when a debut author was trolled. but i'm also bitter. woc know why.
yep. and it is exhausting. it is in general. and what really bugs me? when non woc speak our lives and are heard yet we aren't
dang relent finally won one!
easy tourney homie. played nothing but bots
i'd like to live so unfortunately i'll behave. hold the black mayo.
. thanks for a great tour of the dutch kills pristine waterway and lic development issues!
achievement unlocked: changed sam's diaper near some sleeping cheetahs.
for god's sake, just keep him away from the dingoes.
i'm so upset lmao
you in that survival league? yikes lmao
seabass with a beautifully seasoned green olive sauce, fennel and mustard leaves @ hedone in london
hedone is on my shortlist for london! haven't been since 2006...
. actually de blasio spoke right as clinton did
. and as video shows clinton said she was briefed, which makes sense as it was when officials were coming out with info
it was such a big fale , miss you more!
how much longer will you be in wa?
thing i've noticed: lot of fans talking about great time they had at despite loss. first time i've heard that in a while.
you'd never hear that in the gol era
i'm so thankful for my team who bust their butt with me every day on the road to our victory! i do this for them...
that include the kid below who lied about his name to infiltrate campaign for you?
what happened to u
lost phone and wallet
trying to walk him after a 13 hour shift and he was crated the whole time i was gone.
omg what a cute pic
i love vaatu (my snake not the spirit of darkness)
what if your snake is the spirit of darkness reborn
i'm on this very episode..!
holyshit!!! what are the odds of that!! oh sorry.. got a little too excited there...;)
we will get to the bottom of this, through meticulous investigation and collaboration with our partners in law enforcement. 1-800-577-tips.
hey! at 95 wall street there are papers w. formulas w. a heading "casualty assesment" right outside a hole in the wall &amp; relics.
"will you do me the honor of letting me ruin your life"
another freedom hater kneeling for the national anthem
threesomes with a nigga wife...
wow i thought you were a man of god
let's see if the gunnutz makes threats anymore now that everybody knows his business
i was just checking out petruna. is tedd related to john? do you know? you know about brown coat?
you did great! loved yours. my favorite info-graphics by far lol
thank you!!
and now?! twitter is ing ! we couldn't be more proud!
we'd like 2 thank 4 reporting her dead, zombie jesus &amp; hrc for rising from the dead 2 give that speech last night!
i was hoping they could but when i called them, they told me it's not available sorry. that's all.
what is the textbook that you need? since they won't be helpful...
what flight is this? ^nj
285 to houston from sfo. i'm on the last spirit flight out of iah-&gt;msy. if i miss it, i'm gonna be stuck in houston with no way home
this content is v relevant to me. where was this!?
pub called ryan's daughter on 85th and 1st. i had no service inside (hence the draft status)
.: "we will keep the public informed every step of the way as we get actual, real evidence."
i don't believe these were terrorist attacks. nj bomb went off before the race and chelsea well ppl were hurt but not terr style.
otherwise i think u should do ur own research n send it in urself. st jude's n give kids the world r 2 of the best that i donate
i was just asking because i said no, i didn't want to donate and felt guilty.
that was no fumble
looked like it came out as he hit the ground, it was too close for refs to call but won't be surprised if it's debunked 2mrrw
just passing on what other ppl have found she doesn't seem to recognize newspapers &amp; video r archived
hrc has no basic understanding of the web. she thinks the last thing she said is the only thing she's said.
anyone can scratch up a lid to frame islamists. circumstantial at best.
i've proven again sarcasm isn't effective in tw's. yes to all your points
this is so chance the rapper ft lil wayne &amp; chainz on ellen...weezy: "imma let them rob me like ryan lochte"
dope performance wayne killed it
lmao oh yeah, anna you kept asking for her last night but thats good :-)
no not her haha, this other girl raf was talking to me for since i was way to drunk to talk to her xd
"when you get to the top - don't drop the ladder." with
. reminds us in 's quote "women's rights are human rights. human rights are women's."
true, but my theory is that rave culture, being drug influenced, sweaty, idgaf attitude introduced unkept hair
b4 ravers, punks had locks, hard to say for certain but prolly rastas were modern day influence.
. and as video shows clinton said she was briefed, which makes sense as it was when officials were coming out with info
. i've asked trump campaign if he was briefed or what source of his statement two hours before hrc and bdb was. they haven't said
ravens are getting whooped by the browns. how in the world is that possible?
: because they're over rated.
ima show you how great i am
show me then
but you're a hum that i had to play // and you took me all the way
you're a "hand" as in a card game
i agreed with everything. entitlement in the secondary, kermit running like a fat, slow midget, all of it
mannn listen. thanks bruh i just know i wasn't the only person who thinks this stuff.
the browns just aren't allowed to have nice things.
mccown was about to cost them kizer
i hope he was new because then it might be understandable. sort of
he deff was but like. lemonade
"...the best things in life are real &amp; come without a filter." thanks for the awesome social media talk today !
ah thanks!!! i love the name of your handle!!
watched henry fonda in the grapes of wrath again last night. seems as relevant today as when it was made.
from my perspective in california, people seem to be moving east now. unaffordable &amp; unattainable. grapes very relevant today.
. please make mediator a single!!!!
that would be sick!
i should feel great about the overwhelming support that poured out when a debut author was trolled. but i'm also bitter. woc know why.
i am 52 years old.i've things to say. but more importantly when i talk to my bi racial teenage girl of color and hear her pov?
....he will kill you...
no he wont i love him
honestly me too, it's so repetitive now and the dances suck
the moms ganging up is getting super old-esp when they complained about being ganged up on when they joined the show
pls no, pls.
smlcat says yes.
msnbc, politico, the atlantic all seem to disagree with you.
well that's the problem you get your news from brietbart brietbart = racist lies
i got suspended from work! hell yeah 5 days off.
what'd you do
it is remarkable to me that which should be uniting people is being used to espouse hatred &amp; insanity by trump supporters.
it's really some next level shit - everyone who is not a new yorker is turning it into an excuse to spew hatred.
so wonderful...let me know if you want our guest blog post on top injury prone poses
mind sending an email to writers.com . we can take it from there!
well i live in south fort lauderdale really... but when your birthday tho?
my birthday on november 7th, popping out?
congrats to and on their msu win over my irish, i will be taking a pie to the face a hot sauce burning....
what time will be pie in face, we want watch it live
s unite! with &amp;
~ it was touch 'n go ( parking, long waits, restaurant choice ) but we made it!
and if any of you were wondering what i looked like when i was younger... my graduation picture...
wowzers. approves.
interesting, a girl requested i grow it in the first place. i'm so confused!
that is such a terrible thing to say. generalizing women based on individual opinion? keep the beard, i dig it
my soul yearns for your touch, my eyes beg too see you, and my whole being wishes for you now.
officer, i'm sorry but this scripture is between a believer and god (psalm 61) not between 2 lovers.
i started a finsta trend at college
finstas have been a thing since a year and a half ago hahah
very excited about alaska, though sad that nobody rents out snowmobiles so i could take one to the remoter cabins.
nobody rents out snowmobilies? you just made me sad about something i never knew i wanted
i thot it was manhattan bridge
lnfkaow i don't even know someone just told me what dumbo stands for
a lot of people falsely attribute this as a grammatical mistake, but it's really an orthography error.
another thing that you should realize is that english is only lightly inflected, and largely a syntactic language.
peace will continue to elude south sudan as long as its women's rights and safety continue to be ignored and abused.
it's sounds like a run country
i should feel great about the overwhelming support that poured out when a debut author was trolled. but i'm also bitter. woc know why.
she is brown and has so much to say about why all this happens. and she's right. thank you for saying this.
hottest take of the year: deadspin begs don't watch nfl. it's racist! recommends watching white sports
didn't realize soccer was a "white sport" guess i'll start watching
the community which has faced the max brunt and suffered silently is the sikh community.
. hate crimes targeting sikhs are primarily motivated by anti-muslim bias. i read 700% increase.
flea doesn't like zappa's music, he's dead to me now
i only like some of zappa's music... am i ill to you?
cavs, indians, and browns all winning championships in a span of 8 months is going to be fun
let's not get ahead of ourselves. one good game (so far) does not equal as titletown.
jokes on you mccowns going off
i don't have a problem with that. you guys beating the ravens helps us
i just shed a tear (one tear) because i'm being ignored by my man who doesn't know he is my man. lmao
sorry sorry i'll text u back right quick sayds
it's down pouring outside &amp; i just heard somebody walk past my dorm window singing unwritten
i'll keep it down next time! lol!
could you imagine what the media would do to him if he did anything?
they would eviscerate him!
give me a break....here it is: it was a terrorist attack!
what makes you believe this?? not terrorist style at all. i truly believe they were misguided dt supporters.
true, but my theory is that rave culture, being drug influenced, sweaty, idgaf attitude introduced unkept hair
the issue is more that on every level lvmh-owned mj smudged out blackness which isn't cool for a giant corp.
go to square sounds tokyo next year!!
when next year??
when 2 muslim women pushing strollers were attacked last week and another set on fire, word "terrorism" wasn't used
these attacks meet federal law guidelines for "terrorism"-dismissed as "hate crimes"
oh shit we're moving next friday. maybe start packing?
hire movers
he may even hate cleveland too.
it's 1:30 and i have buzz, fight me with a 2x4.
kinder rattlesnake run! we got it! wahoo!
awesome! arumba bumba!!!
............................oh..........ok...................
*hugs nightmare foxy tight* he's awesome
it's so great! i'm already in love with it
and it's not that common so that's nice too
unofficial merch is still unofficial merch
well unoffical or not like them already
. position is now to purge republicans who refuse to support an unstable white nationalist for president. solid.
well as gop strategy i approve. anything that shoots them more in the foot i like.
if you haven't gone to the apple store as a kid just to take selfies then you haven't lived life yet
take weird selfies on their display macs, ipads, and phones and leave
looks drugged up to me.
that's a look of concern. many trump followers are understandably unused to expressions other than petulance.
that was a prank bro! he didnt mean it! lmao
quit trying to bring me down
trump daughter hasn't seen on you still have all anxious because you do it! at least that gets laid. or vice versa.
you really must learn to type coherently. you sound like a drug -addled swine
i don't even know who you are anymore.
a fan of intelligent football my friend... :)
so is the browns
battle of the asses
especially finals lol
finals was probably the lightest
the ambassador has truly and completely lost it.
well in any intelligence war denial is the first line of defense
another thing that you should realize is that english is only lightly inflected, and largely a syntactic language.
vs. highly synthetic languages like finnish or japanese, which use morphology to do the bulk of the grammar.
12 month craving hasn't ended... i need all of the chips ahoy cookies nowwwwww! only way to get them is to go to america myself
ahhh when i have a job and some monies i will mail you hundreds!
remember when niggas used to come to school with 2 different jordan's on looking like
looking like an asshole
good read. get some sleep. appreciate you. hook'em
long flight home starts now ....
gt or gts? but whata not to like?
gt aha i just don't like it. it's to small for my tall ass and i want a stick shift car lol
12 month craving hasn't ended... i need all of the chips ahoy cookies nowwwwww! only way to get them is to go to america myself
alternatively come visit!!
everything i had in my room now fits in my pocket, still i'm bored af!
wow let's do something
was in winder court this morning
who holds it for when you take a pee?
yeah, it's just too gross and only getting grosser.
the theme of my one month breakdown you witnessed was learning not to conflate toxic follows with "keeping perspective"
roblox: this needs to stop.
they are bots they post every .0000001 seconds for example if you post and than refresh the page you cant find your coment
votes no die
2nd a starts a well regulated militia - 10 day wait period is a not does not or prevent
i don't think even botox can fix that
deplorably shallow.
priebus: rnc could block kasich and bush from running again if they don't back trump
it'll be just as effective as them being able to stop trump.
as long as u have a loving heavenly father to call on,a word from d lord to stand on, &amp; faith to activate it,u have every reason to rejoice.
preach it brother preach it: halleluia glory to god
by making it free for everyone makes it a requirement because everyone will expect it now
lol. that is the worst, tortured logic i've ever read.
how did jealous came to be? i'm so obsessed with it!
i mean you've seen it-when someone feeds off your attention, gives you nothing back but hates it if you hang with anyone else
is baron not managing both?
. no. no. no. and it's a real problem that journalists even think this.
and his contract with steelers till 2020 i believe
my question is why are people still watching the steelers?
we are. but still need to pack our china and glassware and whatnot.
oh cool. best money ever spent is hiring movers
nah even cars on turo that are under &lt;$100/d add up when you factor fees + insurance etc
can you opt out of insurance?
bernie sold out to corporate owned hillary. vote trump or get sold.
don't tell others to vote for your candidate. is a hero.
vs. highly synthetic languages like finnish or japanese, which use morphology to do the bulk of the grammar.
"synthetic" here is a term of art meaning composed of identifiable pieces, not "artificial" as it is colloquially.
.: "as governor of new york, this is my worst nightmare."
yet, you are clueless about terrorism in the usa. you are a libtard apologist, not a leader. blessings to ny residents!
true, but my theory is that rave culture, being drug influenced, sweaty, idgaf attitude introduced unkept hair
other than corps needing to be more careful when they take from alt culture, where whatever you want on your head
trump in colorado, telling crowd that a bomb just went off in ny. then says he's up 4 points in new poll.
oops! he's so incredibly narcissistic. like hitler.
. backstage at with world renowned balloonist and of
a pleasure meeting you . we will follow up on this first exchange.
ufotable signature weakness:grand scale stories where somehow still feels like nothing meaningful happened in a whole season
they should stop trying to adapt video game narratives... but well, i guess they got the whole touken ranbu project for 2017
which part is her smarts, the part that melania relied on?
meanwhile her hubby
i am so sorry for your loss paige. always here if you need someone to talk to. stay strong
thank you
2018 rhp sean maletzke 82 at the knees, ott slot, good feel for cb as out pitch
why am i not surprised you're wearing a dwyer hat?!
it's my happy dance!! lmao it mating dance lol whatever (; xoxoox
happy dance? wow. and clips of your totally euphoric dance of ecstasy and jubilation?
a nice list of the livestream recordings with links to timestamps so you can jump to watching a talk:
whatever i can do to help get items up into the internet archivr
is crowell scoring on them?
85 yard td run
i guess it's the right dose but in a higher concentration since it's not spraying as much?
questionable since inhaled med delivery is so variable
how many times do people have to tell you that msnbc and cnn already confirmed it started in clinton camp? jesus christ.
no honey it didn't, but we all know thinking is a challenge for trump supporters
i write &amp; write consistently every single day there is always something for me to feel/write about
instead of having one muse, i have found many muses in different things
by making it free for everyone makes it a requirement because everyone will expect it now
colleges will still have entry requirements rejecting applicants, and the world will still need plumbers and electricians.
fox news poll: has temperament to serve effectively as president.
take your poll and shove it
this election is about hillary's corrupt socialism/communism or trump freedom/democracy. choose wisely.
this election is a choice between vs. .
forgot to ask but what lens do you use? olloclip or moment?
just some generic one off amazon actually, it was a gift so i don't recall the brand. it's got a universal clip design.
so you don't troll everybody by replacing a song liked by 30k peeps with 3 1/2 minutes of fart sounds!
but that's the only reason i have a soundcloud :/
no arguments... just blocks people. typical liberal numale
say anonymous person who knows nothing about me.
trump daughter hasn't seen on you still have all anxious because you do it! at least that gets laid. or vice versa.
you're clearly the type of person that left education behind in your early years.what with your fetish about trumps daughter?
"synthetic" here is a term of art meaning composed of identifiable pieces, not "artificial" as it is colloquially.
what this means is that in english "part of speech" is more a function of place within a sentence and not the word.
i guess my experience is the social and medical pressure to bfeed is *enormous* so i haven't observed "enabling failure"
sure, pt experience is primarily dictated by peer norms, but there are lots of implicit msgs we (ob/peds) irresponsibly send
i tried to tell mike lol didn't i tell y'all stuck lol
still early...
do this one favor for me attached with a concert
we out if he does i need front rows!!!
tf im a libra what is this slander
girl..... libra's are the worst sign easily
all these articles referenced are sourced and can be read.
lol briebart news. that explains your lack of knowledge on the subject.
ah yes, the classic norman rockwell painting "being a woman on the internet" (1959)
well, actually, he wasn't able to communicate the tape threats effectively.
a4 - "glamping" at yosemite tuolumne meadows . great experience!
did this many years ago. loved it.
omg time zones i'm already tired and now there's more of today than there ought to be.
nap! or find someone to help you stay awake :)
apparently pressure-cooker bombs are not evidence! strong
just copycat. want people to believe it was terrorist.
eric took me there!!!
isn't it great?! today a man was playing the violin.
i think this is why i feel like i need to get the house cleaned/organized today?
we just want the sirens and helicopters&amp; now jets gone. triggers 4kids since 5&amp;9yrold.me too. peace
so many emotions!
that is early
minister cadd welcoming first hajj flight that arrived in islamabad a few mins ago. hajj mubarak !
good positive gesture
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
let's put her in the and make 2016 a party
let's see if the gunnutz makes threats anymore now that everybody knows his business
they're really all scumbags. brown coat did some shady shit up north.
cool! who published them?
some company called the bell syndicate.
they probably saw jamaican culture as an okay for them to have unkept hair. but locs were around long before jamaica.
yes, no issue here at all with people in general styling their hair however they please...more power to 'em :-)
it's early, but i'm getting tinglings....
that cowboys game made me happy, it's been a while since they opened up with a w
why what happened?
maybe just a brooklyn thing but it's been a 15-20 minute wait for every pick-up so far.
wait, i thought the rule is you have to exit your car somewhere other than a gas station?
ok, relaxed rule: eat in some city in a state
they should stop trying to adapt video game narratives... but well, i guess they got the whole touken ranbu project for 2017
which is arguably worse since it's a browser game, but the flexibility of the plot might be good depending on the script writer//?
what this means is that in english "part of speech" is more a function of place within a sentence and not the word.
there are some inflected forms that are more strongly associated with particular parts of speech, like perfect aspect.
it's time for tv news to stop playing the stooge for donald trump - the washington post -
media as dumb as he is! media reminds of guilty by association
two basics of zionism should be uncontroversial: israel should continue to exist &amp; history can't be trusted viz jews
more than that, there is no good reason to blackmail people into explicitly claiming zionism.
we extended out that great offer by adding tmobileone. yes, the issue has been fixed. dm us with questions. *misttya
so i did the software update. do i have to reset my fingerprint id unlock feature? it's not locking
i did and typing is screwy. after a few characters typed i get major delays in each key displaying
you should try just communicating in gifs and emojis like me. problem solved!
highway 101 offers so many great view spots for ocean life &amp; pure vista views!
if only i could figure out the moon sickness part. we planned on driving from la to sf but couldn't i got so sick
sucks for contests tough to catch that one
you wouldn't believe the number who had the 3. basically done in the quick-multi on ht
thank the lord i subbed him in
not helping
shape history sounds great!
thank you - you should connect with :)
cool story, bro
you poor misguided child
well i just got back from it so early septemberish!! flights from la were ~$450 rt
oh rad!!! we were planning on september anyway!!
mu-mimo is found on "most high-end smartphones...and the iphone 6s and 7"? please cite sources.
i'm pretty sure at least the claim of the 6s having mu-mimo is false. note
really? what about public school for everyone? not as if that was created with the constitution
goodbye, troll. nobody is talking about making college compulsory.
finally? if i ain't mistaking we got to last year talk to miami bro..
and then got punched by 25 at home so what's your point.
. they were great! a cause we support. had food trucks serve our wedding food
ha, that is brilliant
this saints crowd is cool and all but nothing beats commentary.
let's go giants!
then you ain't gotta text nobody lame
lol i fuck with you for that !
u tried the volvo xc90? that thing is sick
yea but to benefit from it you need at least $65k w/ updates. at least. too much. to get all award wins it's $100k+
the lightweight title will be decided on november 19th at the . tickets here
will you have a meet and greet at d&amp;b's? hopefully with
nice try, alex - no one who watches that clip would believe that's what you were saying
if in "otherness" you mean one of the greatest american presidents in history that make ron &amp; w look third rate. i agree.
gets up at 6 to go on vacation. gets sick. 1:49, still in bed. must. go. vacation.
i know you're coming down to asbury park for a beer
when corey coleman is lighting it up...on your fantasy bench
same goes for crowell, who is on my bench.
it's possible to write a good headline and report the facts.
generally i think doing that is a service to readers. if people should know something, you've got to cut through noise
thoroughly impressed with , this is the third product i've bought &amp; all are amazing (stir fried turkey over windy city crunch)
thanks for the shout out
yes and if you ever wanted to share your work through our gallery then just let us know!
sounds great!!
stop this libra slander
kathie we've been over this ya'll are horrible
i don't. all i know is what jihadistguns tl says. looks like he's going to dox them one after the other, the creeps
i blocked and muted because i didn't understand tl. bc was involved w/all the illegal prison stuff in n. ny where the
u tried the volvo xc90? that thing is sick
it's sweet tho
but we're training our kids to think less of tradesmen jobs and college is the only answer.
that has been happening for over a century. free college doesn't change that. take your block, troll.
yeah lmao i put the preutterance (the red line i think???) @ the consonant and not at the end of the vowel rip
that fixes timing issues yeah.
is it bad that i watch tutorials because he looks like jade hassoun? please tell me you see it, too.
they both look alike.
guess you texas boys just got beat by some californians who play in a high school stadium then. that's embarrassing.
to be fair, texas high schools spend an absurd amount of money on stadiums so that might be a compliment
who's going to overpay for garopalopolo?
the way cousins has played so far this season, redskins???
there are some inflected forms that are more strongly associated with particular parts of speech, like perfect aspect.
but most words are usable in a variety of contexts. see "run" as noun or verb with no explicit lexical marking.
i have a portfolio and also a weird amount of knowledge for several different areas: tree care, marijuana, leather &amp; fur, real estate, etc
it? we could maybe use some blogging...
stunning portrayal of of by
some people will always be jealous of the brave syrian people and their steadfast resistance against terrorist groups
hillary clinton life catching up, bad health, deteriorated, looks haggard, too sick to serve. unfit
yr candidate's over300 lbs,eats crap,thinks waving his bitty fists=exercise,&amp;lied abt colonoscopy.
when u takin a fam pic and u high af tryna act normal
i love this
"the black president who didn't do anything for black people somehow believes we still owe him." -
he is racially diverse not black..
disagreeing is not hatred or bigotry. that's the problem. ppl block to shut down opposing views from their bubl
you have no idea who i block and why . try using your real name if you want my respect on twitter
currently the estimated departure time is about ten to fifteen minutes late. ^nj
yes i know.i'm boarding.i received a note weeks back saying this flight arrival at iah would be 4pm. it's kind of a mess right now.
don't accidentally get blown up! (but yeah, i agree.)
ha, exactly! i know the it probably has good intentions but sounds rather patronizing
that just doesn't happen! eli run the ball?
funny, i said the same thing watching it lol
managing dir reiterates 's strong support for us-no global de-mining initiative for
global de-mining initiative for welcomed by pres santos, fms boerde &amp; koenders with 's
gabbert seems to have very little touch, but you can't ignore the quantity of open men in this kelly offense.
he's not set while throwing and his left arm is swinging causing inaccurate throws, it's mechanics
will create &amp; improve lives. he has proven this in business
couldn't re-tweet this one either hummmmm
and i'm like yea bro, i be smoking weed, than he was all like ii bro be safe
y'all lucky to have a d'blasio ran city, under rudy's watch shit would've been very different.
since this afternoon
well done! you will have to teach your niece.
so which did you mean
roy, clearly
jimmy garoppolo finished the 1st qtr with 177 yrds, most by a patriots qb in a 1st qtr in the last 15 seasons.
he's good but he's got some good help
you all safe? craziness in chelsea.
yes. thanks so much for checking.
&amp;still do, ive been steeped in the punk scene lol. most punks/ravers truly dont care which is y their hair is a mess
eh, came up through punk scene (am ancient), had some locks &amp; think punks absolutely care about/craft their appearance
just realizing a big chunk of my follower group has no idea what bazooka gum jokes are. my bad...here ya go
those were great comics. and the gum was good too.
good morning shrimp dicks, losers, and fans!
thanks goddess ur very kind to shrimp dicks like me have great day
you rock olivier, pleasure hanging out
: still need to meet irl! hope we cross paths soon bud
a lot of these fitness improvements are made possible, btw, by deciding not to make tv a part of my routine. this freed up time.
is it all fitness based, or is there a diet component too?
again, why don't dems call this idea racism? hillary's vp: whites must become a "minority" to atone for racism
i call it insanity.
he almost got cut and had a great game in the final preseason showing. had 2 sacks against indy.
i saw last week, and he's terrorizing again this week. i'm down
i don't. all i know is what jihadistguns tl says. looks like he's going to dox them one after the other, the creeps
prisoners escaped last year. a whole bunch of nepotism &amp; when someone asked for help he said to the guy there'd be
pretty excited for the patriots to trade garoppolo for a 1st round pick and then use that pick on a terrible receiver.
and then bring randy moss and cory dillon out of retirement, then each produce 100 yards and 2 tds each.
thanks for being loyal
love you cheese
that would suck, they had good balance with the run and passing game though
take the points , bad move but they got the ball back , let's see what they do. i wanna beat this team today
bias means the inherent belief, mindset, or as the definition says a tendancy. that's a semi permanent state, a stasis thus a noun.
in the construction "you are bias" it would be the same as saying "you are dignity" instead of "dignified".
lyft's president says 'majority' of rides will be in self-driving cars by 2021 -
this will save me a lot in tips! unless the tips can go to the engineers -- that'd be kinda cool
israel is goin into a multicultural mode and nazi frogs will be resented because of our leading role!
no! israel must remain jewish!
metrodir + 2 plugins for post order and categories
thank you! guessing the plugins are pretty flexible
what would the rams give up for tom brady?
their whole franchise
record labels, what's up? i'm ready to sign when i get a good offer.
you need to get sign . preform at small venue where record labels be at. i know its to get a recording contact
some people will always be jealous of the brave syrian people and their steadfast resistance against terrorist groups
if the same number and type of terrorists had infiltrated pakistan, pakistan would be a story by now
we are officially 4th and made playoffs. we get a bye for the first round but come pack the house for the 2nd rd!
who are y'all playing first?!
i mean did clinton say she sent investigators to hawaii; did she call obama's long form birth certificate a fraud. trump not hrc did that
trump following the lead of "crooked hillary" seems like a bad image for a campaign dedicated to saying she has no ideas
would be great to share yout pov, what changes it would bring to turkey poltics (pkk/ypg etc) if the coup had succedded
good thing about historians, we usually do not play with what-ifs:)
this bitch calls herself a cardinals fan and didnt know they had a game today smfh women and sports dont fucking mix
edp i know plenty of girls who actually know sports, just bc one dumbass bitch pretends to like them doesn't mean all!!!
haven't seen katrina pierson on tv. she probably got drop-kicked by kellyanne. i enjoyed her ignorance. ("germans bombed pearl harbor")
she was out for "black outreach week" but then when trump gave up she went away
this picture contains all of my girlhood y2k goals: and aibo
my sister and i had an aibo because of her lol
i love the persistent narrative that old buildings were better built. from experience, this is generally not true
omg this narrative drives me craaaaazy
the term "failure" is also telling. employers do not make it easy to pump and many women don't have paid leave.
yes - the implicit notion of failure results from many institutions incl employers, for whom bfeeding is unsightly/inconvenient
revealed! trump's brilliant master plan via
i've said from the beginning, the left &amp; msm think trump is a chump, big mistake on their part
nice to see mario williams is still useless like he was last year
i thought it was rex's system, wrong again lol
but itll load the page for xfinity woooooow
mozilla firefox saved me where chrome failed
my parents are singing christmas carols in the car right now.
i wonder what the doorbell is gonna sound like
we wasn't when we played yall.. &amp; you said finally like its been years thats my point mr 63rd..
i know you wasn't cause it was fluke. y'all the only 10-1 team outside the top 10. how that work. 10-1 sec team at that.
at least mayor andrew cuomo called the explosion in ny an "act of terrorism" - put hillary in the wh and guaranteed, the terrorism won't end
givernor cuomo, career political crook deblasio is the mayor ..both sad for ny state..
when the humidity makes my ms act up. the boys have to stop at a winery and then a brewery. they seem really upset..
anything for our
hearing how cnn describes chelsea -- "up and coming," "undergoing a renaissance," makes me doubt everything they report.
and that it's "full of artists". who's their source, someone's dad who moved to nassau county in the 80s?
+ low c prices indicate that the cap is not strict enough and that tighter carbon constraints are needed.
that is exactly right, technology is ready just need political framework to reach absolute targets
5 easy, helpful tips and tricks to finding a job:
. thanks for sharing 's great tips.
we wouldn't wear it to see ur grandma duh lol
aint gon wear it anywhere wit me
the entire thing rips. that first track took me back too. haha
yeah, it's all solid so far, as always.
you benched crowell
i know. hopefully yeldon and murray get the job done.
you'll have better luck talking to them :-)
i wouldn't approach someone i wanted to talk to like that anyways lol, it's embarrassing
new york state to deploy additional 1,000 state police officers following manhattan ... -
there goes me going down anywhere near midtown
hit alittle close to home?
well yeah, my home
hello and ! i love you both!
hugs to you abby! lamyu!!
in the construction "you are bias" it would be the same as saying "you are dignity" instead of "dignified".
"you are bias" would only work if you are saying i am "the underlying tendency". you could say i "have a bias", too.
i'm probably the best person
idk about all that
if sociopath lunatic bigot trump becomes president, millennials will forever be known as the generation of blithering idiots without equal.
like our country will even exist.
and being human includes the spiritual as well, many are spiritually compatible or not. some wants stay the same or similar
that goes without saying in theory : what i'm saying is a lot of folks don't know their purpose because they're chasing other
so the idea is to make this last through my workday . can i do it?!?!
i think you can i think you can:)
is that what he did tho? or did he just reach out to ppl who've stayed away because they've been disenfranchised?
, maybe that message wasn't specifically for you, but there are poc who've asserted they're not voting hillary, trump, et al.
black leader reveals how dems keep black americans 'brainwashed' and 'dumb-downed' just to get votes
he is no leader ..just a charlatan..
for ios 10 users, if your mobile app is not working, try recently learnt that there's a bug +++
and will be solved in 1-2 days time.
agree with john lynch: not enough for a defensive holding call. no visible grab of jersey, no restriction by dallas 24.
inconsistent! norman grabbed dez way more with no flag
odd how after trump ended birtherism in 2011 he added an afterword to his book saying the certificate could be fake.
why did trump ask a black man for his birth certificate, this is not 1800 when white man took advantage of us
i don't suppose u know a lot about health insurance?
depends. try me.
that's your right. but certainly classroom discussions would benefit from a nuanced picture of lincoln?
i absolutely agree. i'm just not in agreement with those who want to portray him as not much better than confederacy.
and being human includes the spiritual as well, many are spiritually compatible or not. some wants stay the same or similar
peoples wants instead of their own needs
john's best place for +2 checkout &amp; people watching
. more pics of &amp; peops
"is everyone's bangarang entry ready or nah?"
i already submitted mine
so your voting for trump then?
we live in a democracy. your boy is a bigoted dictator nazi/lover rapist
i can't wait to hear these stories!
apparently my "eyes are too intense" and it makes him uncomfortable.
trump's campaign ordered the bombing in ny. that's how trump knew 1st. fear helps his campaign.
my first thought too. no mass casualties. not terrorist style at all. in nj no one was hurt, in ny only one person
people are feeling raw/sensitive. i am too.
was wondering how y'all doing across the river? city has helicopters,jets sirens,still. quiet creepy feels.
case for clothespin campaign
in the 1991 la governor's race, edwards v. david duke. edwards' supporters said "vote for the crook". he was, and they did.
yea but that's what started this whole thing lol. he clearly said he was influenced by rave culture and black ppl dragged him
agree, there are some peeps who think no white people should ever wear locks, which, nope, don't agree
i don't. all i know is what jihadistguns tl says. looks like he's going to dox them one after the other, the creeps
repercussions as a attorney. he worked in the system somehow. i'll post article.
this matchup has me on the edge of my seat, war indeed!
. haven't even checked yet. too nervous!
answer: at least 367 of 477 tribes have some constitutional protections for press and speech.
that is fascinating. as is the fact that there are 477 tribes! amazing. sorry i never knew that.
pause shawty was with her nigga last night at the party texting me asking what was i doing like what
a lot of funny fufu shit was happening last night
is anybody going to need someone for the 2v2 @ njrod.
dude you live in texas, stop being weird
unreal poise and patience in the pocket from jimmy g on that td
i think this just proves that brady is a
'just grateful nobody got hurt': gary johnson clueless about 29 injured in nyc explosion
hillary looks worse than him in her video last night answering qs about explosion ! looks like she was pulled away from her nap!
agree. need a comprehensive suite of policies. no single policy sufficient.
just workable policy outside of electricity would be nice, transportation, agriculture, etc
and being human includes the spiritual as well, many are spiritually compatible or not. some wants stay the same or similar
humans will be humans - we all fall victim. that's the physical
highkey wanna slap a bitch in the face
high key wanna slap u in the face
favorite movie friendships: some kind of wonderful
favorite movie friendships: purple rain
is it about concorde jets for everyone?? or should i actually read??
almost: unicycles are making an unexpected comeback.
so your voting for trump then?
he will never be potus no matter how many bigots keep servicing the maniac
any good thai restaurants in cupertino? asking for myself
thai orchid in campbell.
so ben is out there so what's up with all the landry talk??
. just telling u what happened. never said he was gonna miss time. like i said,may have been trying to adjust padding
somewhere there are single girls out there desperate to get married looking at this picture and debating suicide
but the sandals my g and i'm a skins fan
you clearly misunderstood me, or underestimated my knowledge on the subject. i've entertained your perception for too long.
i understood your intent, i was just offering rhetorical advice. a lot of people will simply dismiss such aberrations.
i've taken the thingy out, shaken it, put it back in...all the usual things &amp; it's not happy
where are you now?
the term "failure" is also telling. employers do not make it easy to pump and many women don't have paid leave.
i also think there is an innate sense of failure women feel when our bodies aren't "performing" per nature's design
has anyone seen the st cloud, minnesota stabbing suspect's name? if not, why aren't police releasing it?
cover up by biased media..
nope, unfortunately not. the only thing i've been able to get to work is un/replugging the lightning plug.
man, even launching the music app again and playing manually doesn't wake them back up? that's craziness.
last time i checked rave culture is predominantly white. all that dragging comes from a lack of cultural knowledge.
absolutely but people also responded to the way mj responded + truly, look at the hair stylist's ig feed.....
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
can't wait until they connect you and your campaign to this. you will be toast.
these beautiful accessories are from they specialize in handmade jewelry. these...
you look beautiful - gold hues are definitely your color!
i'm going i told everybody i was lol you don't know my life, but nice try :)
we will see when you don't show up
i don't. all i know is what jihadistguns tl says. looks like he's going to dox them one after the other, the creeps
his name is ben r. that's his photo. wheeeee!
what happens when gronk comes back?
happy dance?
look what my friends from mountain view farm brought me today! can you guess what it is?
is it turmeric?
"we just dropped an iphone out of a helicopter and i can still call my mum!" what comes after 1st world problem?
trump level problems. and on top of that is actual rich people problems.
nbc's chuck todd: 'who cares' hillary clinton associates pushed birther rumors in 2008?
he props up hillary
yep...but the manager here overrode the worker here and they're going to check it at least. whew.
alright, good luck, i hope things work out.
yeah, it's just too gross and only getting grosser.
so many examples of having to realize "ok, i just need to remember this was the funny dude at ..con '98" and drop into a box
breaking: has no ground game in delaware, ohio
is that really true
thanks to my top interactors! via
its a beautiful and magical place. happy to be the in the top list
are you and grace okay? i heard about the bombing.
thank you so much for asking!! both of us are pretty shaken up but safe and not directly affected. thank you for checking in
still ain't got a fuckin' clue as to who you truly are
lol shut up
take it easy on him.
that's gonna cost us!
yeah definitely lol you got it next time though :)
did you have a great time?
should we throw a halloween party?
why is that even a question of course you should
i think i'll be able to handle it - probably gonna find somewhere with a fast net connection and do it tomorrow
fantastic. anything you need, you got it
yeah, calling bullshit on all that! watched always sunny all nite prepping lol
not prepping and still watched them all haha
take naps in the sun!
that's the plan!
on the move
and finally finished a drive.
p.s. i'm not agreeing with his recent statements bc there are black people with naturally straight hair
&amp; it's a false equivalency. &amp; again as a multi-millionaire employed by lvmh he can't wave off the concept of apppropriation
parody account denald
his whole 'campaign' is a joke, smear shit stain. horrifying
the dolphins have so many needs it's gonna take another year or two before we're consistently competitive
isn't that the slogan every year since 2000?
the term "failure" is also telling. employers do not make it easy to pump and many women don't have paid leave.
instead of getting in the way of that connection (eg w formula) we can strengthen the relationship women have w their bodies
and pence falsely claims clinton would deny people right to have firearms in their homes for protection
he lied. he's a liar. he didn't falsely claim-he lied ffs
new report demonstrates japanese-brand automakers ongoing investment in us &amp;
yes but all their profits are not taxed here..sell out by government corrupt politicians.
lol - no man, got soccer gear for the kids and had to exchange sizes- they were helpful and accommodating.
i played soccer with a few of them there good people very knowledgable
never forget it's the gronk you tour part deux featuring jimmy's alive!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
can the tour really exist if gronk isn't playing?
everyone involved with gets diminished. ' defends trump remark encouraging violence against clinton'
sold his soul.
of course coleman is on my bench
nooooo! i almost benched him but my got the best of me. benched m. bennett, tho.
gabriel ynoa's hitting 95 mph in this game... didn't realize he threw that hard.
better learn to throw strikes
he kills me. hot one week, then a bum the next week.
he's been a bum to me in my eyes!
slants dump offs &amp; seams - car o passing attack
occasional deep fly patterns too
went to visit nbo and i was pescatarian. did not last. its also kind of privilege to have dietary options like that...
this is true aha! it is a privilege. i've been back and forth with my mom all weekend lol. now i'm going to cook for the family
odd how after trump ended birtherism in 2011 he added an afterword to his book saying the certificate could be fake.
trump's is trying 2 play slave trade with people of color, mr trump your shit is old it don't work that way
who the fuck is working cameras ray charles learn to work a camera
come on nygiants saints were nothing u just let them back in game
yeah, looked on there. the cheapest are like $100.
sounds about right.
i can't wait for pumpkin patches, pumpkin spice lattes, thanksgiving, pretty trees, halloween, sweater weather, the rain, and christmas!!!
what a white girl
no, you just really don't understand the concept. you must be autistic to not understand the difference.
autistic people tend to be more literal, less likely to recognize via context clues that you made a small grammar error.
daddy's new best boy. he tries to behave on the lead but it's a challenge
awwwwww....he's so damned adorable
thank you! , passing this to you.
+1 on that, pure design isn't the end of the story! takes a great fe team too.
went to visit nbo and i was pescatarian. did not last. its also kind of privilege to have dietary options like that...
so they could see different dietary options is okkkkkk
if wins dear terrorists you can only attack between the hours of 12pm to 4pm she needs her sleep
if the muslim's r drugging her now: wonder what she will be like should she become president
been funding establishment for years.
elites, dimocrats, repukes and the msm aka propaganda press all hate him. the reason?
when you coming back yo florida
uhm christmas and ima try an stay till thanksgiving
highest ranked big 12 team is...
gonna screenshot this or something . . . in case haters get salty.
advice 4 trump debate.most powerful tool create 1 liner gotcha's 4 every potential issue thnk ron reagan
and don't take hillary's baiting
the term "failure" is also telling. employers do not make it easy to pump and many women don't have paid leave.
bc truth is most women can successfully bfeed given right tools, support, environment. we are the ones failing them.
is deangelo williams a top 10 rb ??
yeah until bell comes back and no to crabtree
fact checker: christie's claim that trump did not 'on a regular basis' spout birther nonsense after 2011
this guy is another one who disregards the truth so blatantly.
trump getting his legal advice on "irresponsible intent" from the brilliant minds at dewey cheatum &amp; howe, no doubt.
love those car talk guys pretty surf they wouldn't help the drumpf
what do you think of our new strategy to keep teryl austin by playing poorly on defense?
bold, but the nfl is a league of innovation so i won't knock it. jbc is looking like he and staff have something good going...
browns qb josh mccown questionable to return with shoulder injury. cody kessler time.
geno smith is available
for example, "lincoln freed the slaves" erases the many black people who fought for emancipation from national memory
yes, that's a simplistic phrase. i'm from massachusetts and am familiar with history of fight for emancipation.
how do you know? he hasn't shown his financial records in full. i wouldn't bet on that.
how would he have been able to do weapons deals with saudi arabia without state dept. approval? he wouldn't have. be real.
hilary...just a cut above comatose! what a great marketing opportunity for an energy drink company!
looks drugged to me
it's not sexism to point out she looks barely conscious and this is quite terrifying while addressing terrorism
media props up hillary
what happened? like where was the ball hit.
over sousa's head and bounced away off wall
see u there friend
wanna switch with me and work till 1030 so i can get my hw done??
it's not fair! try lyft next time &amp; get $50 in credits w/code lyfthasfreerides enjoy!
thanks! i've got $100 in lyft credit so i think i'm switching over. uber has been failing pretty badly on customer service
montreal 9/30 and paris 10/20 are now sold out! preorder tickets to guarantee a spot in your city today
come back to nyc asap okay?
i fuck w people that love kanye as much as i do, that means you know good music
means you niggas is homo
why do u think u use that exact method? don't feel guilty. do what u feel comfortable doin.
thank you
best song ever man
thanks g (+)
it's cute that nyt finally decided to show up. better late than never, i guess. i'll be reading wash post
in fairness, blow has been there all along. wapo is good.
have a heart! they woke the poor woman at 3am to speak to live tv, anyone would be tired! and she's ill.
delete this! we can't say that she's ill. hillary has the stamina of a camel with huma at her side.
neat. and that's still not an s.
yeah, he adopted the "stylized" shield after kansas got destroyed in that nuclear explosion
yeah, looked on there. the cheapest are like $100.
fenway is a small stadium, with a popular team.
i understood your intent, i was just offering rhetorical advice. a lot of people will simply dismiss such aberrations.
i hope that in the future you will take this into consideration; i don't want your message to get lost in the presentation.
dallas defense has been shady the game's first two series
lee has his head up his ass on the td run.
i'm on my way
bro. this is nuts.
ok but your makeup looks so good
it was bomb i wish i took selfies
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
don't let these'sget under ur skin.unworthy creeps
the owner is responsible for the dog's action. it sounds like the pit bull was not on a leash
yes, which is a violation of nyc law.
how do you know? he hasn't shown his financial records in full. i wouldn't bet on that.
we know for a fact that hillary did so through her charity. charities arent supposed to be involved in weapons deals.
yay me too! i might go to ana's house later to watch the emmys
i'll be there!! what time are u going?
actually heard a reporter last night suggest it might be a disgruntled employee, anticipating gov't talking points
. obviously just a common case of irrational dumpster phobia. must raise awareness.
yeah! i'm working upstate right now but i'll be in the city watching the broncos tonight if u want to meet up
we are going to watch the seahawks game at feile at 4! when's the broncos game?
just posted a photo
how does leslie still look as good as she did when she was miss foote
coming over later feed me pls
i making sriracha from scratch
no one help him. he needs to learn.
you were the fir5t per5on i thought of! karma biting me in the a55
a haillary has been a racist all her life and growing.
oh another white guy telling blacks what racism is and isn't and we're too stupid to vote for the right person!
when the pats trade jimmy for a pick and wish they still had him once tom is old and washed &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
theyll let tom go, montana left at the end, so did manning. belicheck doesnt care
just watched idiot bill de blasio squirm @ the podium,trying to weasel away from reporter qs,not willing to call a terror attack
we get what we elect..vote smarter
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
not your typical comment after this type of thing. the more i think about it. i bet money you had something to do with it.
"there are two ways to do something: the right way, and again." - navy seals
who determines the right way?
. says wasn't calling for violence against | ap
what did he mean? sick and tired of the bullshiting.
garopollo is going to be a franchise quarterback isn't he.
we thought that about matt cassell and, well...
i don't understand why a man would ever lay his hands on a woman
did your daddy beat up on your mom??? is that why y'all think it's okay?
just looked at this lift man and now i am loving my job , does not seem monotonous anymore!!
1 , was this in mumbai, where your profile says you're located? the only place i've seen lift ops was ny. h/t:
" i want to pump u up"
omfggggg claudio's lions mane hahaha
know what day it is? it's , and we want to recognize our programming director who is helping to make a great pcf!
can't ask for a better person!
the brand is strong
too beauti...
also happy to share any resources or other retreat places that may be what you're looking for
that'd be great, i need that space.
. position is now to purge republicans who refuse to support an unstable white nationalist for president. solid.
cool how to completely destroy the current stale gop and force a. we phoenixed one
share this so it gets picked up by media!!! hillary has no ground game in ohio!!!
lmao funny!!! love this video!!! great job!!!!
which books?
ready player one and you will know me.
why did jehan post this ugly ass pic of me on his snap omg he is grounded
ur so cute shutup also me u jehan and anika need to chill asap
we got a weak conference? are you serious?
us clemson louisville miami and north carolina. you name five.
i think should add in screeching modem sounds when you connect, because more often than not it's slower than 1992 dial up
my aol dial up was better than .
my phone is now in alaska.
that's cool! get it?
that's what my doc said
he just wants to rack up units and get that money imo
dallas defense has been shady the game's first two series
stephen &amp; jerry's pass rush every bit as bad as everyone, but them, knew it would be.
here is my full interview with new jersey gov. .
this is hatchet job, not actual journalism. do your job jake. push harder when the lies come out of his mouth.
its an unbelievable wealth transfer from the young to the elderly. hard to believe it's not contingent on actual returns.
alternately you could lower the expected rate of return, which they've considered. but would also affect current services.
i have 9 episodes of chicago med to knock out before friday. wonder how many i can get through today
also gonna work on some college apps today so i don't just cry from stress this week
big bday shoutout to kuya have a gr8 day bc u deserve it! thank u 4 dealing w my crazy ass u da best
thank you for dealing with my crazy ass. love you to death ading!
: mets take lead of nl wild card race -&amp;- almost forgot.. candid desire... romped at belmont @ 13.5x - 1
yes he did!
i think maybe my professional artist drawing desk is gonna be put up this week and i've never been more excited for a desk in my life
please take many pics once it's finished !! love desks and workspaces
for example, "lincoln freed the slaves" erases the many black people who fought for emancipation from national memory
it should also be taught that slavery was opposed by many from foundation of nation. civil war averted several times.
clinton and trump support investing billions in america's crumbling infrastructure. paying for it won't be simple.
waay too late. the bis is chpt11 for 43 yrs hence. both candidates are bank puppets and country is wiped out.
here's my big hook or sword
nice,i hope you kill
a little surprised by the subdued nature of this cbc dinner speech from clinton.
felt the same watching her post-chelsea yesterday. either she still feels unwell or she really detests this portion of the job.
it's a pleasure to have you with us, sue. we hope you have a wonderful stay.
amazing meal 36 last night! room &amp; bed heavenly! my favorite ritz!
mirror, mirror, fauxcahantas: elizabeth warren: 'nasty little bully' trump has 'dark and ugly soul':
who invited her off the reservation?
man today i lost my goldfish.. i won that fella 4 years ago at the carnival...
new fish, who this?
i turned my patio into a vegetable garden. kale, collards, spinach, chard, mustard greens, lettuce &amp; more
looks like you've got a grow operation there.
wanted: male to enjoy lazy sunday in bed with. occasional sex required. knowledge of cooking would be an asset!
does it include as well lol?
take a look at palmer luckey's twitter likes
oh god i wish i hadn't done this
how many students are there on a saturday night?
there is a school of some sort on nearly every block of lower manhattan.
watch - that guy who's running for hillary vp: trump is asking people to assassinate hillary
this guy si about as dumb as most democrats
i think that's a perfectly honest, responsible, and rigorous way to parse public media.
it is. i'm just seeing it from the perspective of a person who isn't around "uncles" or "plebes"
ambush police dumpster bombs allah akbar stabbings to hillary &amp; media these aren't important. but trump calling a bomb a bomb is news!
new nyc police commissioner called it a bomb..it was not a firecracker..
aleks, on the train tracks. tahmoh, by the lake. both from a google search. nathan, is from an episode of firefly.
thank u!! i hd it right by process of elimination.tahmoh is the leanest/nathan is very solid/aleks crzy enuf 2run nkd w/shoes
exactly how much is the co$t$ overrun for now??
kickbacks the only thing &amp; can agree on?
ravens are letting me down (more a selection based on how bad browns looked last week than faith in ravens)
i took the browns mi amigo. haha, mccown was an upgrade in my eyes and i'm sure they didn't want to get embarrassed again.
you already know my fam will fuck u up if u try
if you wanna see greatness turn to 5
why is this giants-saints game such a defensive struggle?
improved defenses?
jones starts off w 1b. souza misjudges it. glare maybe. i'm gonna say again how good markakis was in this rf. hard place to play it.
mighty lazy running out of the batters box. should have been a double.
on behalf of everyone, thank u for, "do not not play martellus bennett, he will just block, b/c that's what he did last week"
on behalf of kai forbath thanks for keeping the faith
let's talk about how frustrating it is when your zebra shark refuses to take the vitamins you're trying to feed him. brat.
what is your life?
4 dirt bikes &amp; atv were seized in after being used to assault 2 pos in the 1perp was arrested
thanks, they chase us off the highway and the roads. they are dirt riding bikes.
i want to change it to gunshots
ok i'll tell cin to scratch that off your christmas list
defense still hasn't forced a turnover this year...
it's not like they've had much of a chance today!
that was my initial thought, but jimmy contract is up next year and tom won't be washed up yet
itll be interesting to say the least
agree- people see bad finishes and assume the whole thing is poorly built
in earthquake country, they'd be wise to think about all the simpson hardware they can't see.
that stupid b**ch kellyanne conway is really trying to get the birther issue past trump . nope , no , idiot pushed it for 5 years , nope
we never forget!!
what clinton's released on her taxes versus what trump's released on his.
so who's more trustworthy and transparent? real journalists/pollsters rush in for truth if you dare do so!
next friday @ monterey keep me posted on your home games bro i'll be there
i'm there ..we got saturday at mpc vs gavilan it gon be a good one!
sure, trump has the momentum. but his prospects for 270 electoral votes are still dim.
the polls showing trump up in states like colorado are all fake. hillary has this in the bag.
who are those people? i need to follow some of them bc all i follow are "this team is terrible/worst team ever" orioles twitter.
there's at least 3. sincerely, surgeon general of this team is terrible o's twitter
this man has no idea what he's doing, saying or why he was elected. it had something to do with his son's afro.
yes. dante would be doing a better job.
someone just drove into the store whete im working.
like, physically drove into?
skins all the way.
yeah will see next week it's quiet for y'all niggas
since when was miami a good team what have they done? &amp; north carolina?
lol what have y'all done. i don't see no sec champs lately. no big time wins. what y'all done did.
felt the same watching her post-chelsea yesterday. either she still feels unwell or she really detests this portion of the job.
but i'm gonna need her to embrace all parts of this job description.
1 , was this in mumbai, where your profile says you're located? the only place i've seen lift ops was ny. h/t:
2..they had no chair and a silly outfit. however, they were fascinating 30 sec conversationalists.
y esta comoda? i hate people like this. i should drag her off the seat.
she mad bold lol
just so people don't complain i'm talking bout that fraud ass nobody
shout out to you brotha. keep working. keep hustling. you have the fire. albeit misguided at times. use the passion to fuel you
when are the major media outlets going to stop "reporting" outright lies as if they are "news". it's totally insane.
the disparity between what gets aired on tv and what spreads online is mind blowing
compared to the first bridget jones the second one kind of, for the lack of a better word, sucks.
you are not wrong. hope the 3rd one is better (it kinda has to be)
day one of and has separate presentations by and . come stop by and meet our folks.
hope to see you there. i'm in and erp cloud sig this afternoon. maybe a beer afterwards
if i had one dying wish, it'd be to go clubbing with robyn
mine is to dance with drake before descending into a giant flute of champagne
josh mccown shouldn't be running the read option.
forgot to take label that one 'rgiii only'
the ice capp ruined ur shoes, but i'll switch with you next sunday
i don't need to switch next sunday nvm
yup never going out again
if i had a nickel for every time i said that.....
sure, trump has the momentum. but his prospects for 270 electoral votes are still dim.
not as dim as your wits. this ain't 2008 or 2012. but yeah, i'm sure the electorate will be exactly the same.
but i'm gonna need her to embrace all parts of this job description.
no question media is doing her dirty. but she also isn't managing this part of the job.
good to know! thanks for the recommendation! i've really enjoyed it!
so glad to hear! i've loved your updates. now what's next on your viewing agenda?
browns unveil jim brown statue at firstenergy stadium.
congrats 2 jim brown so how does it feel 2 b immortalized in bronze! omg!
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
trying to instill fear in nyers. we still will not vote for you. we lived through 9/11. nyers are tough. you are the wimp.
been funding establishment for years.
you prefer jub bush of the bush crime family? the repuke-i-can party did.
i just priced it and mine came to 70k
see, that's just too much. especially w/ 2-3 kids coloring on it and spilling things and city driving.
i don't remember this part of the pray you catch me video
what the actual hell hahahhahahshwvgshawodngw
there r other groups that wouldn't mind were to be blamed! did they do it? who knows?
a reminder the fbi is pretty sure the unsolved 2001 anthrax attacks were a false flag.
perhaps ms. goodall should look in the mirror, she's definitely no prize herself &amp; neither are you phat griffin!!
"if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left" - margaret thatcher
do you think smoking drugs is cool?
do you think doing alcohol is cool?
just some generic one off amazon actually, it was a gift so i don't recall the brand. it's got a universal clip design.
it might be this one: techo camera lens kit
odd how after trump ended birtherism in 2011 he added an afterword to his book saying the certificate could be fake.
mr. trump will never get votes from people of color, he treats president obama like if he owns him, he is pres
mines emptying a bit faster as well, had to uninstall some stuff to get my battery to usable.
i'm starting by setting bluetooth off and disabling location for some apps.
no accounting for liberals. can't tell the difference between parody and truth.
dear, there is no parody in this election cycle. get real. nasty, uneducated bigots
there was another bomb but that was found by a bomb squad and handled
like seeing shit happen far away is one thing but a bomb in ya back yard. places you always chilling at is so crazy
sunday's are for brunch not homework
... as i walk to work
the us and west like e commerce cos they spread diseases as well as terrorism and suggest medications for that
very well said &amp; tell us to have talks with the paaki-dogs @ sell their weapons to both jaihind
racists flow to the party that will have them. right now, that's the gop.
oh man. really well said. should be the word on this.
i have back ups of all kinds of d-stuff as i can never remember what i put stuff!
good for you! we'd love to have you join our community, if you're not already a member
guy from a chicken place on 112 was handing out flyers in my store so i told him to leave, took all the flyers off the cars he put them on
was it for the new chicken &amp; waffle place bc if so, that's fucked up
there is not one raider fan on this train that isn't holding some kind of alcohol lol
i already found 5 with henny bottles
if anyones listening therws a huge soider in my room and its going ro kill me come over please
uodate: its a ducking jumping spider i need an ambulance im cryinf rn
for the people with the privilege of being able to attend the : have a great week!
will do, thanks ;-)
ahhhh addicted to this b/c of yewwwww
lol gurl i told you it was good lol that baby part
if you're having a bad day, just remember that everybody has bad days and hopefully find comfort in knowing that you're not alone.
and if they can make it through, so can you bitch. you got this man. i believe in you girl
here's a video of me talking about a few things clinton can do to win over millennials
also that infrastructure graphic.
sure, trump has the momentum. but his prospects for 270 electoral votes are still dim.
trump at 269 electoral votes has no chance to get over the hump, he can't win maine 2nd cd where is up 10 points. hopeless for trump
one of our favorite photos at every year! current marching band with alumni band members!
marching band with alumni band members! great photos!
i dont get their focus on celebrities.
i have only seen journalists here.
name your top 10 rbs
ap, gurley, cj anderson, david johnson, dlo williams, zeke elliot, mccoy, jon stewart, jeremy hill, eddie lacy as of rn
hi ivan! please dm us with your account information so we can help with that. ~terra
been on phone for an hour without a solution. and call dropped. please call me back.
sounds good. let us know. ^nm
so should we all stop for drinks later?
my theory is that the design for next year physically won't fit the jack and they wanted to swallow the hate this year
yeah, you're probably right... still sucks though. wish there was another lightning port on there though.
for the refs supposedly "watching this game close" they've missed 2 helmet-to-helmet hits. good job .
don't worry. if the steelers do that, you'll see a flag. what a joke.
im just saying w/o proof, anything is possible. people import/export all kinds of things so nothing is out of the question imo
thats a ridiculous premise. using that logic, hillary might have beaten a child, used the "n word" many times" and exported poison
unfortunately i believe you are correct. 6 of us watching this &amp; all agree w/u hillary is correct abt dt followers
when people project crazy theories it's wise to consider what they'd do! they show their card!
i'm headed out to lot 2 and lot 6! come say hi! i wanna see your tailgate!!
when i say sea you say hawks!
look at facts of foundation you'll see only 10% of contributions go to helping. i guess when u get 100s of mill, its alot
not true. look up charity navigator rating: 94.74/100. 4 star rating. this foundation does not give grants. they work on the ground
i hold james's opinion above all
it's just what anyone would say
we had a lot of it on set of ! thanks to and ...
you and the roadies rock carla!
is aquaman wearing... trousers? and a t-shirt?
nah, his name's lance, the great-grandson of fdr
had a great experience and a fun time with my gyals
so proud of you riri!!!!
yes. still enjoying the opening act!
the bill and jimmy experience?
getting rebuked by the "supreme leader of deplorastan" for picking on ... my weekend is officially complete.
you are now my hero. that's truly a badge of honor.
see how quick you get off topic? im done bro.
we comping conferences bruh. that's what we doing right here right sec vs acc. why you wanted me to name five?
sean lee getting blamed for that play. to me, i wanna know where my mlb is... that play gets cut back to the middle. hitch? anywhere?
defense needs to step up
agree mccown was an upgrade.
line was bal -3 when rg3 was qb, moved to bal -6/-7 with the mccown switch. saw value there. haha
i think that's a perfectly honest, responsible, and rigorous way to parse public media.
i'm trying to get a sense of how people not part of her base see the ad(s) as ineffective
secondary soooooo bad
whole defense is
yep. and if that area was the intended target, someone would need to know nyc well.
true story: for years i used to wonder why i saw so many blind people in that area. eventually i noticed the school.
trump opens 5 point lead in nm that romney lost by 10 points. oh yeah.
delete this hispanic racism. trump can't win new mexico.
yeah, it was fun :) id ask you if you did but i already know you were lit
haha ikr.. first time passing out in a bathroom
wow. didn't realize hates disabled people.
. so, no accessibilty? apple would be disappointed. (and no pay).
mt : contrary to obama's boasting, economic growth during his presidency has been...
nothing but greater debt.....
im just saying w/o proof, anything is possible. people import/export all kinds of things so nothing is out of the question imo
so, if we're going 2 judge trump on what he might have done. we can now also judge hillary for being a racist child beater. unreal
i hope you gave him my number
i tried to sneak a photo to send to you!
the only vip bracelet i got to wear this weekend...hello first time on crutches &amp;i missed worst weeknd
hope you feel better soon, girl
that machado f8 would have been a 1-0 lead if jones doesn't dog it down to 1st base. terrible play by a "leader" during a playoff push.
absolutely correct!!!
"we know there was a bombing, that much we do know," mayor bill de blasio said.
this guy is good.
i appreciate you taking the time to interview me
wasn't writing about how guns are scary or weed is kewl
[falls of my sector 9 longboard] oww fuuuccckkk
first of all, sector 9 is shit. of course someone who rides a sector 9 would be falling off their board. only real (1/314)
this bias may be hurting your gifted or 2e kid via
thanks so much for sharing
i have one and love it. love it. they have these 5 buck usb things for the cig lighters bro!
not for me :) they charge slow and go out. also don't want expensive car after having x5 for 3 years.
look half asleep when asked about bombing. she doesn't have the strength or stamina.
give her the apple already. theres no prince charming who would kiss her
ya those things are tiny inside hahahah what you like?
i want a subaru wrx sti or a nissan 350z or gtr but then i'd be going back to a tiny car lmao or a big ass truck chevy only!
only wearing tote bags on my body today--ready for the brooklyn book festival!
pretty good
ux of new espn fantasy app drives me bonkers. swipe should go to my teams in other leagues. use case to view other...
is that a reference?
trying to get caught up on posting book reviews on . give them a look and tell me how wrong i am.
the adult beverage pairings are always the hardest part.
gday all
nice good day bro and fam
so i just discovered robyn last night. can someone point me in the right direction of which album to buy first?
but how is this possible?
if you're bringing film through an airport just ask if their x-ray affect film. if they do they should be able to take them out
i think it does! i've read that sometimes they refuse to hand check it tho :/
im just saying w/o proof, anything is possible. people import/export all kinds of things so nothing is out of the question imo
intelligent people judge candidates on what they did or likely did. only unintelligent ones go the "anythings possible" route.
now clinton camp calls trump supporters mentally deficient. what arrogance
talking about gun control she doesn't want us to have guns but she sure wants her body guards too. out of touch with world
i updated the app and upgraded to ios10. ever since i updated rendezwho it crashes upon opening.
please delete the app and reinstall. that should take care of it. thanks!
hope everything's fine for my friends in nyc!
we are, thanks
what money?? i live in canada
if i'm not mistaken he needs to do x amount of procedures/stuff per year to get paid, there's like a points system
era cabro ~~ ~~ retweets, likes, and feedback is all greatly appreciated! :) enjoy!
damn only 6 from 50 in 20 minutes? thanks guys
first of all, sector 9 is shit. of course someone who rides a sector 9 would be falling off their board. only real (1/314)
the sad thing is, i could probably actually write 314 tweets on this. i used to be a longboard boy
i appreciate you taking the time to interview me
oh i thought this was about another tweet :(
wait, when did they change instagram so you could pinch and zoom the picture? i like it!
a few weeks ago, my mom was overjoyed. she's been trying to zoom in for years.
just watched on netflix last night. samuel l. jackson robbed of oscar in pulp fiction
who beat him?
cuomo's been bashing the mayor since day one. dunno why.
they're both pieces of work.
hi mike! i don't check twitter daily, sorry about the delay. i can give you a call tomorrow or email me at kim.org
no worries. may try you sometimes this week
yupppp, i'm an open book i swear i thought i told you out of all people!
nah we def skipped that part lol
yeah. i hate that i can't charge and use wired headphones at the same time
well you could...
yes, the usc band was playing, we won that contest!
you guys could have drowned your sorrows at our tailgate after... ; )
giants should challenge that cruz stepped out of bounds there. i dont think he did, but he might have
does it matter if tackler went out of bounds?
how come the public schooling system never taught me how a carrier pigeon knows where to go? fuck that y = mx + b shit, i'm baffled
it's because your not an assassin bro only they know about the assassin contract and the pigeon coop
great city mate, pittsburgh is a cracking place too
didn't see much of pittsburgh. just flew into it and stayed for the night in canonsburg, just south. pennsylvania looked good!
some of them"losers"were for clinton before. wanted to be with a winner. obviously more integrity then her. didnt sell out us
alex (conspiracy nut) jones, baldasaro, lewandowski, from russia with love manafort, chris bridgegate (+failed nj economy) christie
a heroic off-duty officer stopped the minnesota stabber who isis called its soldier
hillary propped up by media.
you can't name em if they haven't won or competed for a conference championship in the last 3-5 years bro..
ok so name your five.
lol at that shirt (i'm gonna get my on at that boston market today if possible...)
change of plans/too humid to goof around in a hot zone as such/hanging out downtown instead.
more than that, there is no good reason to blackmail people into explicitly claiming zionism.
it is, however, high time to reclaim the definition of zionism from left-wing haters with respect to these foundational principles.
3 attacks in one day. what's the latest and what does it mean? 620amest.
it means obama has not fulfilled hisoath as potus, we are not safe here or abroad
does the music app not have the shuffle and repeat button anymore?
it does, scroll it up, it even shows the lyrics
you can not have both
guys, va drivers don't know how to use lanes. i'm sorry to inform you.
*lady grabbing my hand and looking at my nails* lady: things sure have changed huh? me: they sure the fuck have.
you shoulda reminded her of her impending mortality
you're also president of this team could win 100 consecutive world series and still be terrible. lol
i deserve that. but i swear if they win 1 more while i'm alive i'll be content for at least 3 years. currently at end of my 3..
i'm not behind that project so i can't do it ;)
well i've ran into a ton of issues trying to install the sql database. can you assist?
sorry to hear about your experience. do you know who you spoke with?
nate of the smile ministry. he was exceptionally rude! what is worse is that he proceeded to hurl offensive comments.
odd how after trump ended birtherism in 2011 he added an afterword to his book saying the certificate could be fake.
jealousy donald because mr pres. obama black want get you any where he's the best pres. ever lived
the seattle brand of assimilationist plantation politics was brought to you by folks who believe...
brown v board of ed(1954) made schools more just. when in reality, they simply homogenized curriculum via anglonormativity, ...
what trump just did is a disgrace.
pot meet kettle
well...that could be true too. the rules are changed in election 2016. i dont doubt anything.
lol. so, you'd be ok with someone not voting for hillary because they think she's a racist, child-beating, poison-exporter. ok.
but how is this possible?
i honestly don't even know. like i'm actually ashamed.
there's now a whole section of official studio ghibli goods at kinokuniya!
ps: kinokuniya is having a studio ghibli photo contest for a chance to win gift cards.
bernie bust: only 150 turn out at sanders ohio stop for hillary via ' ==is done!!
weekend at bernies with hillary
era cabro ~~ ~~ retweets, likes, and feedback is all greatly appreciated! :) enjoy!
7 likes in 1 minute 30 seconds? thanks guys
you're also president of this team could win 100 consecutive world series and still be terrible. lol
year tolerance with ravens being shitty
i met a mom today. she seemed really cool. i hope her children realize how lucky they are.
cool moms are hard to come by. i'm happy to have the coolest
he might have challenges not apparent in photo. it is unkind of you to put him down to make yourself feel better/bad
1 , i understand your &amp; 's points. i bet if you ask him what his most interesting day on the job was, you'd..
andy mitchell, ceo of peconic bay medical center will brave shark tank at atlantis marine world for center
brilliant the only thing he is "braving" is aquarium water
happy bday to young lo, miss you sm!! ily
thank you so much lex love and miss you!!
just in: kasich: trump owes obama apology for birtherism claim
i have to admit that is the only repub that has acted with dignity over the trump thing.
na but i aint expect a fumble
with the giants you can only expect the worst
check out brooklyn artist new hit single "about that time" by . this song also got him in the xxl mag...
check out brooklyn artist new hit songle "about that time" now available on
shan't debate. but race is a construct borne of major div of humankind, defined mostly by physiology &amp; geography. it is real.
celebrating norwegian heritage is charming, celebrating whiteness is not. elevating construct of race is problematic.
lsten, share and download jessy divah's new single nyumirwa nyo on via...
brand new tune
good ole georgia cant eeen rain for more than 30mins. we grateful for that lil bit but the pirs could use some moor
we all in a drought
nice to see the is getting a fine run in!
got to break that cart in! thanks for the great sales experience.
your husband had the exact same expression in every pic.... heh
that's his sexy signature look. it's one of the reasons why i married the guy.
bombings, stabbings, donald trump... i can't anymore. from now on, all i'm watching on tv is "the golden girls."
well to be honest u we're doing that anyway. fyi, great show with and 'orly tatz' is comedy gold so use it.
listen to cinderella (feat. ty dolla $ign) by mac miller on .
nah this song is so cute ima cry
yes but at what detail setting ? i'm all for 4k but not at low medium settings 30fps
we will find out
read or watch something new everyday make sure you use the information that you've learned in your own unique way
richard skipper celebrates 9/25! you never know who you might see there! check out our promo:
you've been tagged in my latest vid, no worries if you can't do it!
i will check it out! thanks for the tag.
brown v board of ed(1954) made schools more just. when in reality, they simply homogenized curriculum via anglonormativity, ...
erased black narratives, and decontextualized the conditions of antiblackness in economically blighted communities. the are ...
i just randomly started watching a warrior v clippers game. i didn't realize how much i want the season to start again
can we go to a game together pls..i've never been to one
i honestly don't even know. like i'm actually ashamed.
you didn't love this jam in 1997?
i think the rumors about her being dead might be true.
media props up hillary
this is great too re: hrc welfare reform
hrc believes it was all her b/c it was her deceit &amp; discipline which got charming, careless bill to the top
last night was magical. it is always such an honor to play the . so wonderful getting...
feels amazing
naw bro i disagree. shump in cleveland is different than shump in ny. he slacked there but he provides value for the cavs
nah bruh same output here.. next to nill
i'm usually fine with the 75% run, which a lot of players do out of the box. that gets jones into second easily.
i agree. but i'm not ok with 25%.
remember when i was a ginger
or when i was brunette????
the us and west like e commerce cos they spread diseases as well as terrorism and suggest medications for that
every time bharat was attacked , the west protected the paaki- dogs hit them hard , jai hind
why you hate the gang so much?
bc they're annoying
the media and know terrorist attacks hurts sick hillary. they know she will bring terrorism to the u.s. and they support her.
they are fools, sill be the first to cry when this affects them
you a sneaky freaky but i know aboutcha
nope, you can't do that. you are not allowed to do that!
nate of the smile ministry. he was exceptionally rude! what is worse is that he proceeded to hurl offensive comments.
he told me specifically "if you don't like how we treat you, you can get out" and refused to give me his name when i asked.
oh what the fuck :(
some people don't care especially when it's busy :( it's giving me a hemorrhoid thinking about blank rolls
pats r shredding miami's d - miami's d looked really good last week. does that mean seattle's offense is worse than we thought? rams cover?
it means has started mainlining heroin as his plan to sink the pats has gone awry &amp; we get fresh brady.
i see, everyone except rino establishment. hey priebus, stop using a fake account
rino establishment backs trump? lol!
thank you for this i really cannot get down w anti-sports culture
legit!! and there's so many different sports out there too it's crazy when people say they don't like any of them
so long as joe dies i don't care. happy/sad lets not be fussy
if he does pop his clogs, how long before caroline suggests to oliver another review of the portfolio? tuesday?
lsten, share and download jessy divah's new single nyumirwa nyo on via...
brand new tune
me and my friend are seeing justin on the same day
awww really who's seeing justin with you
just say you're a very important photgrapher
this film is for kim kardashian pls hand check
he still looks good, just has to remember to protect the ball.
rough game so far, don't usually win when you have 3 turnovers
hey remember when peyton got hurt and the colts just kept rolling on offense with the backup like nothing happened?
remember when the colts answer was to start the worst qb in history?
us media hammering for saying nyc bomb was a bomb are making themselves look utterly absurd.
will you leave the us if he gets elected?
mcnally and jastremski scrambling dolphin headsets now?
----brady breaks new cellphone against living room fireplace wall
ahhh. colour scheme threw me off there.
he was incredibly short-lived, only lasting about 3-4 issues before being transformed into magog
. so thinks we are mentally deficient, what say you?
she will eat her words when trump is president!
man, cake sounds really good right now. birthday(anyone?)
come to nyu i'll bake u a cake in my dorm community kitchen
i'm not letting that belkin monstrosity anywhere near my life
you could also carry a separate device for music. i think apple sells those...
fingers crossed should know in the next few hours!
fingers and my toes.... ow my toes.
the amount of photos i have saved in my phone of snakes wearing accessories rn...collect me
no hat?
don't let these'sget under ur skin.unworthy creeps
hrc&amp;obama have nothing but scandals.focus onwh
lmfao we used to run the chami dances though
all i'm saying is that we're come a long way (feat. real chaminade dance outfits)
s, i've been watching a lot. they show ! do you think that that show was just ?i kind of do!
yet. they never show that other series ''just the 10 of us''.
22 points on the bench. ready to put my foot through the screen.
then again, who expected crowell to explode like this?
it's just weird that he's hanging out in some yard with two random kids.
when you put it that way it does sound like an svu episode waiting to happen.
churning apple butter today!
we're whispering
they closed off all these roads for oracle world. didn't see that coming.
the oracle and salesforce conferences are the worst. i live across the street and the blocked off roads even make walking difficult
when will you have an woman mma fighter on the cover !
put cydnee on the cover
getting pissed about all the shit going on in the world now. overload! gonna take a bit of a twitter break, get my life back, reset!
hope it's not too long. i look forward to your reports soon on the pow pow.
i've hit a conundrum. did may angelou graduate from wash or mission? legit i've read so many contradicting things
update: she graduated from wash
what promoted the switch? i'm currently using moustache, but looking at alternatives
i tired of the selection with my prior subscription. it seemed every other week was my least favorite offering.
would it be totally unacceptable to lay down on this bench to nap at the baltimore train station while i wait 40 minutes for the train?
no. you should do that.
singapore from above
your photography signature is amazing.
this is me with the parks and rec theme amirite
literally us
gawd bruh outta pocket that's why i'm forever rolling deep to the functions frfr
fuck all those hoes
erased black narratives, and decontextualized the conditions of antiblackness in economically blighted communities. the are ...
about as clueless as that vapid homogenized stance. take your mayonnaise zeitgeist back to 1954. solidarity ain't centering yourself, becky.
mirror, mirror, fauxcahantas: elizabeth warren: 'nasty little bully' trump has 'dark and ugly soul':
as compared to 's well illuminated, dark soul. she has the gravitas of a mustard seed.
what to do on this nice day?)-:
get some ice cream
you could also carry a separate device for music. i think apple sells those...
(... definitely don't think the headphone jack conspiracy runs that deep, but you never know...)
it was v good def worth it
sounds good to me, i also just love tom hanks
it was nice seeing you for 10 minutes
you too josh!! my tailbone is badly bruised from eatin shit on the stairs but it was worth it :-)
you didn't love this jam in 1997?
i was 7 years old, maybe 6 depending on the month haha
i know that the xrays in sjc didnt affect my film. hopefully whereveer you're flying out of doesnt?
i think it'll be okay... i think the lower the iso the better?
what's the most embarrassing/devastating bug you created that ended up in production?
or that time we shipped a nato app for nz defence dept that had made up countries that a) weren't in nato &amp; b) didn't exist
gotta love the "she did it first" defense. not only is it wrong but it's childish.
. 2 wrongs equal a right. republican racist style.
making things awkward in the closet... click here for the full video!
just watched the full video that made me very happy
for the ladies that i know are always in the
just killed my mermaid shoulders!
when the gang bites off more than they can chew
when the gang tries to be adults
white girl on the bus to outer sunset loudly explaining to her friend what life is like in taiwan and how chinese in sf feel. girl, wut? no
there's this epidemic of white women speaking for the experience of minority groups because, i guess, they went to college and feel deeply?
question of the day: who do you think won the week? trump or clinton?
what a stupid question. you are a total moron.
i prefer not to see any more of your establishment tripe. buh-bye!
you mean the truth. i understand, brainwashing is powerful. "buh-bye?" lol!
get your invite for event by participating at here's mine!
looking very different like 17 years old.
jimmy garappolo is a beast
you can both die
so, alabama's defense is going to need to win this game. possibly literally, with points.
hey look they did that
i was 7 years old, maybe 6 depending on the month haha
i was 10, that's no excuse! it was a hit.
1 , i understand your &amp; 's points. i bet if you ask him what his most interesting day on the job was, you'd..
2..i bet you'd get a fascinating story.
he will undoubtedly turn on the seat coolers when winter arrives! . rt : ...
awesome sauce!!!!
you're the light at the end of this tunnel
ahhhh i love you w my whole heart
i'll be honest it's gona be delo weird every team is shit expet like 4 teams
crazy if they lose more then 5 games whos gonna really beat them the cavs once are twice n 2 tyna teams r gonna get lucky real dumb
she has snake bites i want to fight tbh
she's emo in 2016 so u kno she gully
life. complete.
i'm glad one of us is happy about 2 of the 4 horsemen of the apocalypse joining forces.
you need to meet mama hendrickson
i really do
the minnesota pd is recapping the chronology of the mall stabbings
can they let us know if he was a legal citizen?. we know he was muslim.
a few blocks away, more street closures and police for another reason: a parade celebrating mexican culture.
new york shrugs.
excuse me..but who the f**k do you think you are? you're a mediocre actor. your inaccurate fantasies about are laughable.
would you speak that way to a stranger in public face to face? why do it here, in front of thousands of people?
jimmy garoppolo owners right now
yeah, all 3 of them.
if you want to preview my new book, here's an excerpt. if you like what you read, head on over to amazon to get...
thanks i am real interested
happy sunday! what was the most upsetting story line or part of a ep of ? what made u happy, sad or just plain mad? tell me
i hated the gabe/tori arcs. i don't know who thought it would be a good idea. it wasn't.
love these girls so much
why are we so cute
when hillary clinton talks about presidential temperament but she threatened to "totally obliterate" iran...
also recently said we she attack russia for email hacks
people it is true mexico built a wall on south border! wants our border open to throw over the worst into usa!
yes, they want to send all the african refugees waiting to come here. complaining only allowing 50 at a time
let me know if da clean hoes is out there, cause i know the dusties going to be front n center
so why would u want clean ones? the dusty ones the best (i heard)
how accessible is my village? any hidden information?
my village is of a similar weight to the predecessor game, village (medium weight). information is not hidden.
thanks to who agreed to do a story to help raise awareness for anyone struggling with
good luck to you. i've had it for 8+ years and luckily received excellent treatment.
son i stepped in shit 2 times in the last 3 days im pissed
i be ready to fuck up ppl wid they dam dog when that shit happen
i don't presume to tell anyone who to vote for or how to form their opinions. i don't care what you think actually.
and i never said anything about telling people how to vote.
find those who are reasonable,good,caring,tolerant,inclusive,compassionate and understanding(at least who try to be)and stand with them.
look at the two candidates and ....
is its a crossover? the x6. i love that weird looking cuv/crossover!?
love the x6. my dream cars are x5 m and x6 m
they made me do it!
i bet you have a fantastic voice!
the oracle and salesforce conferences are the worst. i live across the street and the blocked off roads even make walking difficult
otoh, it looks like sting and gwen stefani are going to perform so maybe i should see if conference tickets are still available.
not true,big factor is we have the best coach to ever live but jimmy g is playing out of his mind right now
pats qbs derive talent from their handsomeness and you're just as handsome as jimmy.
when tf did this happen
after you guys all put your "pimp coats" on
free drinks. round 3.
i guess it pays to have a goooooood asssss (aura) loooollol
uhhh i have no clue about that but there should be a label or warning on the side of the xray machine
maybe i'll just plug it up my butt and my insides will spare it from the harsh x-ray
dez bryant 4-56-0 on six targets. nice bounce-back. dak's looked solid both weeks.
and once again, josh norman rarely covering the best receiver on the field.
in other breaking news, hoover had trucks that drove around showing a biographical film during the 1928 campaign.
hoover/bush/obama now it's taco trucks &amp; frog memes
singing "god bless america" for the new york today! let's show how new yorkers don't get phased by anything!
damn i wish i had tickets to see u. knock it out of the park .
just how historically bad has jason heyward been for the cubs?
as bad as jay bruce for the mets?
if they fall in line, they really are pathetically inferior morons that deserve a shit life.
i can see him "supporting" her cuz it was probly agreed to yrs ago, but seems unbelievabl that a prez wud say something like that
the ol' prison special
the ol jeder special
mom, dad... [holds up their newborn grandson] say hello to crease.
crease is the word.
just know that even if i've never met any of you, i've got mad love for y'all
nuttin but love &lt;3 =]
smlcat says yes.
she's getting more vocal now. chirpy. argumentative.
do biore pore strips work
shit is bad for you. use dr jart pore penetrator
q media shd ask: if the other members decide that they want china to join, does anyone really think the us wd keep them out?
it's as if media traded reality for a role; a mask.
can you please retweet our bpt event, fall fest with the correct date? thanks, love the shout out!
sure thing, sorry about the error!
my selfies with washington mission continues, of course. (8/?)
it's not a selfie but it's close
that's unfortunate. they really should be giving the cdma model to all iup customers.
yeah they really should. the term "unlocked" get bandied about like it's the whole story. it's not even half.
mine was ready a year ago... only realised that the other day. probably going to make me pay for another one now :/
i've got one there from 3 years ago.
pathetic pathetic pathetic
check crusty hoesss
ny governor brands chelsea blast an 'act of terrorism' as nyc mayor deblasio demurs
glad all are in the same page. haha
this footage of harry kane is a very sad distressing sight for tottenham and england. get well soon .
have started strong but he looks little embarrassed in chair. ugh 4am pst early on a sun!
hi! our names are maryam &amp; nivaal and we're here from our youtube channel at the sgs. you're discussion was so inspiring!
if you're still here, we would love to meet you for a brief interview if possible
the personality of a wet paper bag old establishment fart fraud liar
i hate dt and i am not constipated.
well games start at 10 and you do work at a " sports bar" smarty pants
yes i know but i'd rather be sleeping
fumble occurred b/c ball was held behind.could happen to any player being chased from behind if ball held back
that had nothing to do with how talented a ball carrier is. more bad fundamentals
tim kaine is an idiot. always has been.
the disdain for kaine comes mainly from the sane.
literally putting on pants to hit up bk
lemme know how that works our for ya.
there's this epidemic of white women speaking for the experience of minority groups because, i guess, they went to college and feel deeply?
i am positive i have been this gross person before, so to my fellow white girls: listen, absorb, learn, and stop making it about yourself
if only you were both on the scene, right next to the dumpster when it went off, the world would have two less assholes.
this isn't even a good dis. but i'll report it anyway. xoxoxo
by : the classics are great, but people must walk their own spiritual path
simone needs to see he might! never too late!
what does this even mean
you dont play survivor pools? everyone chooses a team that will win. alotta people in my group choose ravens to win. if u choose
how often are you in manhattan?
like every day
how come hood go crazy and fragile are the only singles to go gold, what about his other singles ova the years
strange spent a lot of time not investing in radio. i think that's probably changed. plus the tracks had kendrick, bob &amp; 2 chainz
what was this brilliant poetry?
sounds like the starter kit for a first time folsom bottom
i need to get an iphone 7s today... sold out. anyone have an extra for sale?
i know two people with jetblack 7s and 256gb looking to sell at cost
as an saa member, do i pay $120 plus the daily fee or just $120?
thanks for reaching out. check out this page for saa access:
flipped to the dolphins game. god, they're awful
you're an emotional cutter.
i know that obviously but how much can you do that, it's the redskins they show you exactly what their doing and make you stop it
seahawks are like that too..not a lot of crazy looks just have really good players
happy birthday!
thank you!!
she was a teen pop star in the 90s in 1996/1997 and went platinum with this with this bop
adele's 60 minute specials? lol
ty so much for supporting us/presenting your incredible work!
it was such a pleasure and an honor
i'm reaching but... could me and lupita nyongo be related? lol my middle name is similar to her last name.
*adds u to the list of s who think lupita is there cousin*
what does this even mean
a team that loses u get a strike....or do you mean something grammatically?
therefore what i'm reacting to is the stigma many fall prey to. imo the article above has a tone that perpetuates this stigma
i see. to me its a valid critique of unevidenced reasons told to families that discourages bfeeding even when they are motivated
ollie liquidated his portfolio to buy grey gables, so i can't see what he's got to re-organise
true, though he didn't touch his off-shore funds
happy picture taken by from mff2015!
too much cute!
here's a tb &amp; soon when i visit we're gonna be dumb turnt for my bday and yours !!! i miss yous
thats a fact chels!!! and thank u!! means allt
just saw this, in 101!
we can pop over after the presentation we are in, if that'd help
representing in the land of the
you're going to be mighty lonely wearing that outfit.
dumb. has no clue. that was a catch and fumble by kc.
yep, another rule that won't be changed in the offseason.
longer than a decade...
where have i seen that before? oh, right...
trueeeee when i was young i was like damn can we have some tacos?! im tired of rice! (never tired of injera tho)
aha! i love injera too. i need to open up a west african meets east restaurant lol. combining injera and fufu plates ha
angry obama tries to make it all about him, again via
who cares what he says anymore, we all know hes a polying traitor!
trump has made racism, anti semitism, white supremacism &amp; other unacceptable &amp; behavior acceptable. he's a menace
it's utterly bewildering to me. feel like i've been transported to 1930s germany, where people just didn't take nazi-ism seriously.
what was 41 doing? that was terrible.
told you he's finished
i believe in a responsible free market. at times the gov. must intervene. nyc's housing market is a perfect example
. i understand that when elected you will look into aca problem that incumbent has been ignoring.
they are all so cute and are truly friendship goals damn
this is so cute
amy ingram, i really need you. , take my money, please.
.. :-) * brian, let's show michael some love next week.
it should be illegal for someone to say they're a beer connoisseur without them having some ridiculous mustache
but what if they're a woman? should ashe have a stache?
if they fall in line, they really are pathetically inferior morons that deserve a shit life.
emails prove that crooked hillary hates obama. obama probably promised he'd support her back in 08...
in a way i'd expect this kind of dogging it this time last season, when it's late in season and they're out of it
knowing him he'll make up for it. just sucks at the time.
pretty sad a parade celebrating mexican culture needs security.
nah, mostly for traffic control. totally normal regardless of event.
still time for 1:30 and 5:30 services! get here!!...
do the kardashians go to your church?
we cannot have 4 more years of pc bs!
nor can we have jtc (jump-to-conclusionism).
you spelled "crissy field" wrong, it is spelled "marin"
you got me ;) one of these days i'll try out a matin transit bus, i promise.
lol thx. yesss!!! literally hit me up whenever i have an easy schedule
gotchu im free literally any day
can you even say it was unrequited because didn't you cheat on him a ton
hahahahahahha thats honestly what he wants you to believe but idrc i'm over it
how to bring your party together. threaten them! clever.
how bright of him.
politicization of sports with shameful protests of the american flag, our fallen heroes, &amp; brave officers is wrong.
sop supporting football, stop watching!!!
what a time to be alive.
what a time
finally pre-ordered today!
should be there this week!
time to take hard steps against our neighbour. one sure way india can respond is by releasing drona &amp; mumbai se aaya mera dost, in pakistan.
you do know that this is not the real abhishek bachchan
what was he doin?
no clue need tartt in there
maybe the is using herbalife
he is actually
hahahahahahha thats honestly what he wants you to believe but idrc i'm over it
ya can say what you want
the soul express with marian
excellent artist be there please
this just in......my are really really bad!
haha! it's still early....
hey this is how it's done
this is so great i can't stand it! thanks!
i disagree it's definitely a lot to stress about
nah bro it dont compare to being in the real world paying bills, being in college .
went to a game last night &amp; was totally disconnected...
co-worker saw &amp; showed me the cellphone video of 100s more taking cellphone video of the show..who's the fan?
"we know there was a bombing, that much we do know," mayor bill de blasio said.
somebody needs to give a dictionary
that was interesting. 'like that there was a union jack on "stage" :d
conveniently left up for the video
i'm starting to feel like i need a proxy on my local network that has the combined benefits of little snitch and the mvps hosts file.
i thought i just saw something posted to the source last week that might fit this bill.
yeah, so that equals expensive tickets. might have to bite the bullet.
i got lucky... game night before got rained out, so got $25 tickets for a double header.
i was already faded after an 18 pack but inside the show some dude was like cheers and i was like i got none....
so he was like i have beer and he gave me a big ass corona lmao he wouldn't let me say no s/o drunk ppl
nice to meet you and the missus mate! enjoy the remainder of your trip
thanks, mate. hope to see you again sometime!
nah bro it dont compare to being in the real world paying bills, being in college .
let him learn lil he still fresh this his freshman year to life
jo we're in the same boat lol. btw have i told u lately that i adore u
the feelings are so fkn mutual girl. see you at chi show
okay but even if it isn't true... which it is... you look terrible for even being in the relationship
he should've never came back with me again of that was the case
hillary is unqualified, even bernie knew that. she sold our sd for her own gain. what will she sell as potus? very dangerous.
sd? that's funny. trump praises tyrant putin, hires russian connected manafort. trump is only about his personal gain.
doing my part to improve the redskins gameday experence at fedex feild
. omg, screaming! and thank you for making me feel (a bit) better about being a fan.
i've seriously considered getting a nu, yeah. been my avatar/username for.. a long time now!
lucca working on robo here would be cool
i swear this election would be so much better if it were kaine vs pence (vs weld)...
but it'd be not even a quarter as entertaining! hahahahawerallgonnadiehahaha
he just gone leave my qb for dead in the sb again
so he banned from returning. got it. i'll get tom on the phone
someone in a dm caused this!
that person is very lucky
one year
looky all those happy faces!!!
one of my favourite sunrise pics from the recent gibraltar holiday
i love sunrises...and this one is spectacular
what luck, while they were spying on the people instead of protecting them, happened to catch the bombing on camera
most stores have video cameras now.
kaine on face the nation already declared this was a lone wolf attack? wow how does he know this?
what happened to weighing all the facts, this guy is an unlikeable idiot
it was so good to see momo on friday
aw nice to see you too!! if you mean me momo lol
how do we know he is a he
how do we know he is not?
indebted to the brilliant for the introduction to
i shall intro you two. always fun putting 2 geniuses together
hope you sealed each joint. or don't spill anything on it.
it's just laminate flooring.
i got lucky... game night before got rained out, so got $25 tickets for a double header.
we are paying about $70 for seats in the nose bleeds here... and don't forget the $10 bud lite and $5 hotdogs
*bows head in shame*
what about this bad boy
tldr; contribute/barter your first-world education and skills. travel as a global citizen, not a global consumer.
in many communities: shelter, transpo &amp; food are abundant. high quality education, management/technical skills are scarce. you do the math.
sounds like you had a great, but hectic trip
press trip. five airports in four days. flew home from chicago to heathrow yesterday am. would love to go back to pittsburgh
in d.c. cespedes took his speaker into batting cage and played his walk=up music before he got into the cage....hilarious
wait till they do "simba cam" at the ballpark
mooing at in camden with manager gordon
xxoo what a pretty moo face that is.
did you get a new deck?
yes. upgrade time, the old one we be fixed up and given to my little girl when the time comes.
sort of fair, but everyone should be a south park zionist in the sense of affirming the state's right to exist.
this is true even if you believe, as i do not, that founding israel was unjust.
. to : your racial, anti- hypocrisy is stunning
judge, it will never work. after obama scolded us yesterday as slaves to fall in line like zombies
is everybody bankrupt?
yes through the barcode.vatican(which holds keys2 the bis&amp;planetary ownership) must do a "jubilee" to reset the fraud from '08
trump calls former defense secretary robert gates a 'clown'
oh! does he have an orange face and clown hair too?
the lengths i go to avoid south beverly dr ...
i think brendon could of done a lot better than u: u r bossy: controlling and mean to your friends: i watch rkobh
"vapes his disgusting breakfast" gets you real hits on any web browser
"secrets to my success: jet life lombardi"
everything i've been ignoring that we need to expose him to
what the hell are you trying to say. it made no sense
now have two lost fumbles (cruz and vereen) and a failed fourth and goal. o is sabotaging strong effort by d
should be at least 10/14-0 by now
was he hoarding dildos
he was kinkshaming anne carson. i don't know either.
will try get mine this week. hopefully they still have it! will just say i've been away
i reckon mine was sold to someone else by now.
yea i think it was i think he did this to me in crazy 8 and then you told me about him! i knew i recognized him hahaha
ugh lol he used to scare people out of the store
rooting for ! he's next level brilliant &amp; i'm so lucky to watch him up close!
is that a tub of melted cheese?!?!
i hate you sssooooo much brruuuuhhhhh
do you now?
chris meyers this close to getting the mute
the guy is an idiot, can't believe they still put him on air!
trying to write an essay about being an overweight teenager, and for some reason, it is harder than writing about anything else.
oh girl. i understand this the most. it's only recently that i stopped crying about it. but feel my love/support
i drive a 328i. one day i'm going to level up to the big toys :d
nice! my first car ever was a 85' 525, paid $800 for it. was wrecked + needed oil everyday but loved it - i bmw
so chun li becomes a gerudo chick and ryu becomes a douchebag
but who wore it better
texas fans feel they were cheated. that's cute. you're welcome for that l, whorns. take it back to texas and enjoy.
no way they were running that 18-wheeler package for 99 yards in under a minute.
you are welcome, first amazon us review. please keep sharing you thinking!
thank you so much!
the whole school knows frances, don't even try to get out of that
that i cheated on your with ervin? lmao relax. you're the one that declared it over five days before it happened
you're such a babe!!!
thank you, love! i miss you
i've never seen it but this made me laugh
watch it it's soooooo good!
my friebd from college
awww that's cool did you invite her
woke up to some devastating photos this morning,plz respect and i privacy during this difficult time.
is this real?!
any suggestions for non stupid pricing places to stay decently close to brooklyn/manhattan?
long island city in queens is only 1 subway stop from midtown manhattan... or astoria queens....
in which a writer calls torillas 'tortilla bread'. who actually says 'tortilla bread'?
are u kidding me?! what a hell of an ignorant fool.
that shits crazy lmao
i would have to be carried out in a fuckin stretcher
we are establishing a no tour bus/party bus/limo policy. only approved transportation providers and car services...
too many large groups of drunk people?
why do the giants and saints keep fucking running it? it's clearly not working. put some respeck on brees' and eli's name
well on the giants side that's all we ever do no matter what and it gets annoying at times
need a danish bae
nah make some beautiful mixed babies!
what about this bad boy
i heard show me love before but never heard that one
here's a taste
i wish i was dead
. rips for birther 'prejudice and paranoia' | ap photo
what difference does it make hillary? at least here there are no moms crying for their sons.
"we have to face the world as it is but commit ourselves to turning it into what it should be." -hillary
you need to evaluate that statement. look at how you have yet to face your transgressions.
hope this is sarcasm
keep trying u will figure it out!
safety recall: exchange at your carrier for a new note7, galaxy s7, s7 edge or to get a refund.
i'm waiting till its fixed omg
dr. kadry trying modules!
thank you for your great feedback!
looking forward to avidly reading this one :)
very kind! i look forward to any thoughts
wow they're playing 'east liberty' in starbucks, party made it!
this tweet still funny
i love drew brees and he's giving me squat in fantasy today
such a boring game, i forgot either of these teams even had a defense
a follow back is not an invitation to my dm. i repeat!!!!! a follow back is nottttt an invitation to my dm!!!!
*sends creepy message*
for 30 years i watched . no more. between and , it's an hour long ad. buh-bye !
30 years, seriously? glad u let them go
i'm at a beach campfire rn tho copycat
i said campfires 4 hours ago, you're the one copying
interface builder is so broken in xc8. wire up an action and it expects an obj-c method name on a swift class. how do you ship that?
1) doesn't use swift much. 2) doesnt use ib much. 3) relies heavily on internal dogfooding
when this is all over, after loses election, kasich will be one of the few with his reputation intact.
although i do not share many of his views, i respect and admire him for not caving to gop.
. if someone were to rob or beat you, then say "hey let's move on," without addressing what happened, would that work?
absolutely agree. all this stuff needs to be brought into the open and talked about as bold as it comes out of the mouths.
you can get them through the upcoming kickstarter if you missed the first one
awesome! thanks :)
one wonders how he knows her so well, if she knows him not at all.
modo really is "wacky, neurotic &amp; crazy". she's hated hillary for 24 years. she hates most everybody. no one should pay attention.
im jealous as fuck
that was my first time ever seeing her literally i can die happy now
the trash room smells like melons
that was me sorry
why hillary needs barack: realclearpolitics average 9/5-9/17: 44.9% clinton leads by +0.9
is back and there's gonna be some trouble. but this time for . the are equal opportunity stainers.
no, someone had it shut down.
yes, very dangerous to retransmit publicly avail atc transmissions.
i think that is true but in my unscientific sample of peers despite concerted effort many women still can't make it work.
your peers are in the right to feel they tried but didn't work. but we could do more so onus isn't just on them to make it work
just driving to work. nbd. what is that truck
looks like a late '30's chevrolet suburban. early suv!
reporting what someone says isn't journalism, it is reality tv. you know this is incorrect. you know it is a lie. say so.
they all lie and it's a shame.
they should show that.
lol corey booker did such a good job with newark that they made him a senator. ras baraka carrying on his legacy
yeah, i know. i saw all 3 of you. front row.
more than 3 !
when life gives you every reason to be negative, think of all the reasons to be positive. there is always someone who has it worse.
sounds like u r a born again believer
new york shrugs.
(it was mexican independence day on friday, apparently.)
if the new imessage fails, it will be because apple ships app updates only with os updates.
agree. bottom line is they still ship software like a hardware company
putting on a thrasher t shirt and going down to the skate park to suck some good skater dick
hahaha i hate u and luv this
good !!! nfl's leadership seems to be totally sold-out to anti-americanism. habits can be replaced. i hope nfl plummets
national felon league men playing boys sports are sad
okay you can stop me now tho
okay just don't @ me again
running out of ideas. reusing comments more than funko recycles deadpool &amp; batman.
was that on one of your videos lol
must be christian africans! christians from other countries are at bottom of list!
possibly, not sure. could be more terrorists too
congrats to on the 2nd this weekend! i loved the 1st last fall (accident, car, life) got in the way for this one.
oh no, hope you are doing better
ur the one and only
yayy lol glad everything seemed to work out on friday!
here's an independent stance on the explosions since nobody likes to see things at all down the middle because nobody sees from both sides
i'm sorry i said explosions in my previous tweet when i meant bombs. sue me now
(i still like the artist)
i came away with a smile. same with la la land. no rush to watch them again. they're both good!
amaq declared allah-praising mall jihadi a "soldier of islamic state" hours ago. fbi still unsure it's terrorism.
why don't we know if he was a legal citizen, we know he was muslim.
boooiiiiii i am. shookk
i need more to live
i miss my friend sierra vocalist of metalcore band no right from san francisco
shut cho ass ya miss you too
there's a shocker.
who was the opponent? the ruling party?
ahh jeez! there goes ... now i'm nervous
they must've had popcorn before the game
iran urges u.s. to unblock aircraft deals, seeks investors
if they promise to blow up the world, i am sure will have their way. or is it the other way around? obama will give it to them
okay! hes almost done in the shower. do u know anyone who works that could take me home?
you'd be closing with julia so i'd have to ask her
you getting played cause i thought today was my mom birthday so we both said it
can i be talking bout that ?you real life a dumb ass niggai'm talking bout you dming bitches and deleting when i got the pw
wait you guys are still there wah i wish i could go down... if i had known... i woulda gotten time off... ;_;
oh man im sorry!!!
curious, where does mobx fit into the above paradigm in your opinion?
mobx is basically ember's object model, grown organically elsewhere. so the internals are similar to reference
what's the story behind that?
this guy bullies skinny hipsters who wear supreme
see ya! sends one outta here to make it 3-1 !
hometown boy makes good!
he said it was marcus. that's all i know. oh well. i have to return this glass slipper to him.
i tired to turn this into a cinderella joke but i'm not caffeinated enough to do that
its was the 3rd turn over
yeah i hope they call it back, shoulda kicked the fg too, annoying
from wapo's own editorial board! this has to be the most awkward national security/surveillance op-ed ever written.
this isn't to say the editorial's argument is right or wrong. just.. maybe wapo shoulda sat this one out.
look. there's degrees to this oppression thing. yes hillary will maintain the status quo. a protest vote won't change diddly squat.
but a protest vote will increase the chances that *worse* than the status quo will happen.
i remember seeing something about a us credit card that offers free amazon prime membership as a perk. it's renewal time. which card was it?
if you do a lot of amazon shopping i recommend amazon rewards card. no free prime, but $50 on sign-up, 3% back on amazon buys.
learning to spend more time analyzing and thinking before i react. even though i be ready to react.
check out 48 laws of power + mind over mood
this is true even if you believe, as i do not, that founding israel was unjust.
there is a basic argument of moral consequentialism here: israel exists, however unjust its founding - to destroy it enacts a new crime.
more emoji updates and still no softball please get it together
totally agree! what can we do to make that happen girls?
stuggling with - or, against - modernity:
imho jesuit leadership of the church is our only &amp; best way forward. inclusion, compassion, &amp; ecumenicism as defaults
an important piece. dams have moved on; hrc, if she makes it, will be very different from the 90s
hillary clinton will be president
mt : you can lead the ignorant to knowledge, but you can't make them think!
good one and so true!
no, she was going anyway but i didn't knoq
cool are you sitting together
i really wish i had money and gas to go. i've missed like every show you guys have played :/
okay well u better be at true hearted/ btc on friday otherwise u literally stupid
and people who miss you!!
cant wait for us all to hang out!!!
odd how dems said the same about mccain cruz but forgot about it lol
well, the difference being mccain and cruz were born outside of the u.s. education would benefit you
ding ding ding! that's an eligible trade-in. check it out!
got an iphone 5, any offers for me?
it's too late it seems that got a taste of pussy &amp; it turned her into a rabid lib hell bent on white destruction
you sir, sound like a man who wouldn't know the taste of pussy from a hole in his head.
today, please read on occupy, 5 years later. gorgeous, painful piece.
another great occupy retrospective in the times puts the lie to the idea that the protests were not diverse:
i was on arcadia with great shows cheers
thanks buddy
tomorrow i ask twitter for some help paying for one more storage stint for the manuals. hopefully the very last time.
ready when you are.
this is a chart. this is a chart i like.
down-and-to-the-right
mobx is basically ember's object model, grown organically elsewhere. so the internals are similar to reference
they all have weak points.
3 weeks before launch isn't exactly a launch trailer
really getting critical on that? lol
congrats to my friend for his best seller! get it free 2day at
yes its great
confused kiser???? tomake sb smy jeans top a dakhechi bangali desi look a jst fatafati lagche di
amra jara desher baire thaki, tara shob 'confused dasi' but thank u anu sona for such a nice compliment
i'm tryna be just like my grandma when i grow up
i love these pics so much! she looks like she had mad fun
are you coming out to brew fest today?
what time??
those would be great highlights by your standard...the season is still young, jeff! let's not get ahead of ourselves....
give roman a call, apparently the bus jose used a few yrs ago at chelsea is 4 sale, it's an upgrade on the 1 he is using now
lmao what part cp ..msg me
dawg, she messed up everything im mad
vore bird is a bateleur african eagle-not a parrot.
vore bird eating kitten is the best picture ever. i might make that my desktop pic at work
uhmmm i know about your life now. and you're seeing blink 182
thanks for hearing me out!! i needed to vent lmao
right i didn't think anyone could be so pretty eating a taco
you're gorgeous yourself too boo! aw ily
sha bring for me
okay.. let me collect another one!
happy birthday to a beautiful, intelligent soul!! forever treasuring all our convos and can't wait to see where u go love
i absolutely love you liv! thank you so much
well, they already voted for him twice, because he's black. for being so sensitive about slavery, many eagerly follow orders.
i think anyone who votes for hillary is stupid. they dont seem to realize once freedom is gone, its very difficult to get back.
cj cregg: " i will shove a motherboard so far up your ass"
"so far up...!" yes. love her soooooo much.
i lost my mother a week ago, marisa. a great person.yesterday we lost dorothy hamilton, my friend+biz partner+visionary of no words!
sorry for the lost of love one!
there is one more i would have added but the rules said three
which one would it have been? :t
3rd fucking turnover, just hand saints the ball! amazing they haven't scored w/ the extra possessions. let's gooooo , cut the shit!
this is killing me
this is a shit show for the giants
i know it's the big apple, but these are the wrong kind of turnovers
putting on a thrasher t shirt and going down to the skate park to suck some good skater dick
kick flip into this bussy baby
happy birthday pretty
thanks gorgeous
fortunately early on i worked for a prominent democrat and he got me started young on the right path
yes! i paid penance, so to speak, by going to denver to campaign for kerry in '04.
there is a basic argument of moral consequentialism here: israel exists, however unjust its founding - to destroy it enacts a new crime.
he same logic defeats the "palestinians are really jordanians" crowd. the palestinians exist - deal with it.
what part of the world are you reading this tweet from right now?
long island, new york
a beautiful day with in
give ai wei wei a hug for me from ca. you, too. thanks for the follow!
i talked to a guy who was trying to get to his photo studio on 27th who literally shrugged about the device they found. "shit happens."
he, like many others, didn't understand why you'd put a bomb on a quiet side street when penn station was a few blocks north.
still terrible. still an issue when evaluating a candidate for president, no?
because they may have done something which caused someone to want to sue them?
a1: i wish central office would remember that teaching isn't just teaching.
maybe a twitter hall of fame for those who do???
you'd be closing with julia so i'd have to ask her
well actually i'll be at the library so i can come back and get you when you're done
can't take the penguin home w/you, ... but, has a positively penguin adventure.
wait, not only do we get photos and exclusive access but we get to paint penguin pictures!!! sign me up
raiders home opener..., gonna be a great season!!!!
let me slide for some tailgate food coach
awesome i like the idea of eating there or doing some sort of extreme sport! i ate pancakes in nh, was ok
it's philosophical! since your body is built from what you eat, a part of you will be made of that state, sort of!
happy birthday !!!!!!
thanks darrion!
can we start a go fund me?!
dude you wouldn't survive an a7x put brahu don't drink enough monster energy drink
but their poll numbers don't meet the required threshold for the debates. knew the rules so quit whining &amp; build your party
their "poll#'s" are generated by the banksters 100% complicit media. we live in a banana republic since '08 dummy.
i fully support moderate repubs and the progressive caucus splitting off and forming new parties.
can they run a candidate this year?
i want to watch football, eat pizza. get fucked, all at the same time today
dude totally, babe, this day all all about you.. whatever you want... it's your dick too now.
clarification: trump aide says "clinton campaign" started "birther" movement
corrections are useless! furthermore this isn't even a story.
mayor duh blasio is a total embarrassment--nyc elected this poltroon and are now paying the price.
, will release all findings just as he released all personal facts .
clinton and trump support investing billions in america's crumbling infrastructure. paying for it won't be simple.
given the dems agenda, we don't need roads or bridges. we will be stuck home to save the planet for their comrades.
i definitely wanna go to that. also the bind show too!
bind and survival method had to drop sadly, but the show will still be poppin'
. again, we didn't evolve "from" monkeys. we share a common ancestor. your article proves this.
you are wrong. humans did evolve from monkeys.
i tried telling you giants fans, you guys didn't listen, newhouse is the worst, but hey i just "hate the giants and don't know anything"
who didn't listen?
she is all that and then some. is the perfect women.
if i may ask. what made you a fan of miss james?
why if i said not toasted is my bagel fucking toasted like why im confused
cuz u used the word toasted if u just say "bagel w butter" they wont toast it
explosion of bigotry and hate speech on social networks makes me feel far more unsafe than the dumpster explosion in .
well good. here's hoping the next explosion is near your home and family. maybe then you'll wake up, asshole!!
reminds me of the opposite criticisms of the original google tv. google learned from that failure, though.
yes and as a result google is poised to own lots of embedded tv oses now w/ android tv (sony, etc). apple still reliant on hw
.... bitch if you don't...
girl, it's happening, my body's finally like "bitch u thought"
. again, we didn't evolve "from" monkeys. we share a common ancestor. your article proves this.
a fish is a common ancestor. did you even realize this fact?
nice hay on the field! farmers always rain. 'sdaughter
will be happy for a bit of rain to replenish fields for sure
good morning michelle i hope al is well with you and your family. for some reason you're looking very reserve this morning!
michelle, i'm guessing, but maybe evelina is perhaps trying to be benevolently "surreptitious." (?)
fall is the 3rd worst season. long live summer
wrong, fall is great. fall lets you unwind from summer with a nice summer overtone. winter is hell.
but their poll numbers don't meet the required threshold for the debates. knew the rules so quit whining &amp; build your party
i like those bucks in the woods though
hillary looks like a zombie this morning neverhillary vote trump vote trump great roar for trump
media props up hillary before debate
waiting to see what fisher stevens is going to be wearing/riding next is the opposite of tiresome.
i said plotting, not design!
and the new rule is ... i quite literally don't give a fuck what anyone else is doing. period.
so happy that you're back !!!!
game isn't out for 3 weeks dude. really stupid imo
really stupid you are whining about something that doesn't matter man. you really are a trip lol
an impassioned president obama tells black people he'll take it as a personal insult if they don't vote
so he won't be insulted if others don't vote? only blacks? what a sad president we have.... :(
hi greetings from ireland hope all well? our youth delegates &amp; are in ny. you should meet
let's meet this week
can we get one of these trees
yes we'll plant it in our home?
ah don't tell me your dad gave it away :( those things are so expensive i'm so jealous! i asked erica's for hers
yup we moved so much it got lost
you are deeply troubled. embrace and celebrate your whiteness and realize who the real racists are.
i have many more worthy qualities to celebrate such as my uncanny map folding skills. or any other random nonsense.
then he's not even really disappointed with the two-putt, thinking: "well, at least i didn't blow it by hole (interception)."
spot on evaluation (i'm stealing this btw)
"we will find them and they will be brought to justice," mayor de blasio tries to ease fears
isn't that what bush said about terrorists fifteen years ago?
are you at the game?
no. have volleyball today. just about to leave my apartment. you?
ah so i guess there aren't too many ladies that play?
there ate lots of us! just have to find us ;)
you are ruining my life
playing like sh!t today . saints on the other hands are focused
help prove this wrong for us, please. because this is really blowing our mind. was this hillary rally a fake?
mike c says that is not. there was another company live streaming her event
i am hungry and i hate young people all i wanted was a chicken sandwich
i have found that sometimes 4 bloody marys helps
totally! except on that td and all those first downs.
so what you're saying is any qb that's gotten any first downs or tds in the nfl has good accuracy? right.
sundays vlog.. twilight walk
im thinking starting a blog again later on
there are so many things i want to buy but also i have no income yayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy i love being unemployed
i'll buy your love i'm not above it
everyone who thinks i'm just a giants hater
right side of the line might get eli killed
breaking: claims responsibility for minnesota attack! will they claim too?
kerry? potus?
as we observe at the , i'm optimistic that we can alter the course of our planet's history
if one witnesses a violation to a deaf/mute victim,the witness could speak for the victim in a court of law.
yeah, except by the definition of the word "outdated"
"outdated" is a subjective determination, thus a matter of opinion.
ur mom is giving me money to be your friend
i highly doubt that since my mother can barely unlock her iphone home screen
tip - don't use a driverless uber!
i'm back. that photo was on thursday - we stayed just outside the city.
's electoral problem, from his anti-immigrant rant in last night
snow geese move where the people the love to hate have lived forever and whine, go figure.
makes sense. back then if you got a leg wound you couldn't always find a barber.
good point. and you wouldn't want to do anything to detract from the legs enticing female fans to come to games...
i just got an email from eric trump because i guess they bought a mailing list or something. i definitely gagged a little. no, a lot.
i mark anything i get with "return to sender" and and send it back.
she's being excessive but 75% of the time anyone using daddy showers right before they have missionary sex
i'm very indifferent to the term
it was 3...
1 was for the creative emmys
try looking at the things in positive way ! might will help you better to grow ahead !
life tends to jade one. all it takes is a hot, muggy day &amp; even woke ppl like might smell something not there.
i need to get off the bart yelling an shit
why is u on bart this early in tf'n mornin
has the game even gone gold yet?
dude you sound so freaking dumb now, wanna bet 100 it will release on date? put up or shut up
but a protest vote will increase the chances that *worse* than the status quo will happen.
voting based on ideals doesn't make sense in this election, this system. it's not just black people who need to be pragmatic. everyone does.
the media and know terrorist attacks hurts sick hillary. they know she will bring terrorism to the u.s. and they support her.
prop hillary up
when you don't answer within 10 minutes ight den
pt 2 gbye then
it was to expensive plus i had meet and greet but he cancelled that
oh when was the meet and greet
good morning all
hello hello
officially done with my old job! i now have fridays and weekends off, along with a 18% raise =3
whoot! time to celebrate this weekend!!!
it happens too often.
you don't even sound convinced yourself. hmu if you need any pointers bro.
the fact that beyonc has performed at this stadium 3 times this year! her touring demand is crazy!!
wow legend!!
"outdated" is a subjective determination, thus a matter of opinion.
i might contend that your viewpoint itself is "outdated", &amp; i'd be right
thank you so much brother, it came out more perfect than i originally wanted
u had urself a dope ass artist
is it me or is barber hating on us
i'm barely listening to the commentary
we will get to the bottom of this, through meticulous investigation and collaboration with our partners in law enforcement. 1-800-577-tips.
hey 95wall has framed, commit mail fraud, &amp; extorted since caught discriminating &amp; calling tenants names
boom, roasted
if you scroll their fees they just keep owning the poor girl. lol
sure! i'd love another perspective. or at lunch?
lunch is better for me. i forgot i had my masterclass
how do these idiots not realize they're the right-wing pc police &amp; sjws? grow up you little bitch
i think the right wing sjw are a bigger threat, they have actual militias.
after viewing this masterpiece, mom is under heavy sedation at county general.
just like the trump campaign
. again, we didn't evolve "from" monkeys. we share a common ancestor. your article proves this.
monkeys literally evolved into humans.
president james garfield died 135 years ago tomorrow--2 months after being shot on way to reunion:
a man with enormous potential. shame he never got the chance.
not a good moment for irony when (at best) the runner up for president is a guy who plays a billionaire on tv
this guy was like "you are a bad person" and i was like "help"
let's go jackie patriots gameday on a cloudy sweatpants sunday i'm ready in the zone can't let miami get us again time to focus!
pray for jimmy
has obama apologized to the terrorists yet?
has your dad apologized to muslims, black people, or the handicap?
he got robbed of two from kiermaier in tampa. because it's freaking kiermaier. lol
he's ridiculous
thanks. and please do! dm your email and i'll send the highest resolution i have. twitter may downsize.
will do. you're the best
the giants defense is looking soooo good
how bout them pats?
if you think they are talking about collections! nope its time.
contemplating happy that he explained. no pokmon were hurt while training.
my favorite is sweet judy blue eyes
it's "suite," and that's stephen stills' song, not david's.
if approves drugs based on 12 pt clinical trials with no control arm, next up, drug approvals w/ no trials
kinda already has been done imho.
drew brees just overshot coby fleener -- should've been a td
casillas is awful in coverage
oh baltimore
blocked an extra point and ran it back. detroit had a safety too, i think
if you delete the mail app and click a mailto it errors. if you delete the maps app and click a maps link it... opens the maps app.
obviously apple never expected these two perfect apps to be deleted
priebus: rnc could block kasich and bush from running again if they don't back trump
if he had any balls he would block trump
i'm saying he's had more good throws than bad but if you want to focus on the negative, go ahead.
not by much. being accurate is about consistency. "more good than bad" is the minimum you'd expect from an nfl qb.
i'm annoyed, i just want my best friend to come home *cough cough* *cough cough"
*cough cough* come to long branch
soooooooo annoyed im missing the giants game
they're playing terrible right now so you're not missing much
says the man who is complaining about what the jews did to jesus 2000 years ago. i e a secret jew. marrano.
the jews kill jesus every single day.
if the bomb was intentional how is it not terrorism.
gotchu. je comprends.
the more successful i became in my career, the more liberal and open minded.
i think i was open minded (forget '84) bc lived outside us growing up. different prism. 1/2
it just ties into butt culture
"25. new york. butt enthusiast"
time for 35th reunion for class of 1981-hoping for some good stories!
had a great time at the reunion last night-some things never change!
don't think that will happen. besides reds not wanting to, votto has full no-trade protection as part of his deal.
no idea where these rags get the information from. still has eight years left on contract. would love to have him here tho.
asylum seekers cry 'discrimination' over quality of taxpayer-funded hotelnded hotel stays
who invited the un vetted in????
by the time it hits home vid i'll be ready to see la la land again
if there was a dog or something in la la land maybe. how come there was no dog? bad judgement!
pray for jimmy
shlaf send jimmy your ankle toughness he needs your energy right now word to my moms!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh and don't forget the hand sanitizers!
ughh yess lol
sooooo good
look at you
voting based on ideals doesn't make sense in this election, this system. it's not just black people who need to be pragmatic. everyone does.
i also ask how involved people are at their local and state government and community levels where real, tangible change can occur?
what the hell?! i call bullshit...it is terrorist related....
right away ur going to judge ppl and let me guess ur going to say it was a muslim too right guess ur supporting trump
alright so queen sugar is fantastic
the scene where the little boy is playing with the barbie
just finished it last night. fantastic book, fascinating history and insightful look at autism community. learned a lot.
thank you, donald!
i'm inclined to think it was by design because potus delivered a barnburner.
he sure did.
a person without security clearance sets up a private server - compromises nat'l security &amp; we're suppose to move on?
my head is spinning. is it move on or don't move on? because a minute ago it was move on.
breaking!!! collapsing hillary clinton heavily sedated as she responds to donald trump comment &amp; !!
has she been hanging out with obama?
the game? of course it's not being delayed. that would've been announced weeks ago. just makes no sense to +
this makes no sense. its a trailer dude
happy birthday to one of my besties love ya
lmao thanks em love you
we are keeping them in the game with our shit play
you do realise that saints arrive a better team today?
breaking: fbi says it is investigating minnesota mall stabbing attack as a "potential act of terrorism"
ag loretta lynch policies
the day i see him
oh okay are you only going to that show
it definitely felt like it could have been called
because the refs suck
yes, a and c trains are stopping at delancey-essex st at this time.^jg
you're a liar there are no j trains at fulton
aside from the most trivial of macros, none that i've found. technically quite challenging, so no surprise.
ok, got it. thank you.
what's the most embarrassing/devastating bug you created that ended up in production?
logged every tumblr user out by adding push notifications when we previously used a wildcard provisioning profile.
breaking news: minnesota mall stabber was 'soldier of the islamic state,' isis-linked news agency claims - foxnews
did the off-duty policeman kill him? they won't release name and saying "we don't know anything yet"
.: "we're a strong community. we're a united community."
i am not so sure anymore. the damage that obama and the rest of dems have done is irreparable. we are broken.
i might contend that your viewpoint itself is "outdated", &amp; i'd be right
there is no fact that my definition of the word 'rape' is "outdated".
jeb is 6'3. trump isn't.guy in handy graphic is trump's height. trump clearly fatter than
every accusation trump makes is abt himself.comical how rwers want to be taken by vain,whiny,military-attacking nj.
"getting to work with" is a polite way of saying "showing her how a real artist works." cannot wait.
sorry i wasn't able to make it to the studio at all this week. i forgot i'm a kindergartner.
it'd def be different if everyone were actually from here aha.
why would it matter how long someone stayed, and why would someone stay if they don't like it better, is my point ^^
discovering the streets of san francisco after covering villages and factories of east asia
thanks for thoughtful piece. but the term "the mentally ill" problematic hope u will consider.
have a launch trailer 3 weeks before release. hype will be lost between that timeframe
yeah theh will show it once lol man please just stop my brain hurts
so, if the 2-party system finally collapsed, who would you vote for? asking for a friend...
and if the system was just as it is, fraud, corruption and all, who would you vote for today?
i thought it was shojo?
im pretty sure those are both girls, as butch looking as the first one is
i think throwing errors on that would be too restrictive...
i'll create a pull request you can test it out. we change it to warning but i'm trusting on sqlparser.
there is no fact that my definition of the word 'rape' is "outdated".
rather, it is merely your conclusion that my def. is "outdated".
did she win?
nope the show didnt
the truly deplorable thing in this race is the shameful level of condescension &amp; disrespect 's showing to her fellow citizens
oh reince...you're the most deplorable...no one has taken your title.
i am starting to worry the giants may turn the ball over on their way to the locker room at halftime.
and then... they get a touchdown.
every qb makes bad throws. it's happens.
well okay then, it's all the same. no qb is more or less accurate than others by that way of looking at things.
i'm kind of surprised that there have so far only been 5,715 applications to get one of the 250 places in the self driving car course.
i guess asking for money seriously affects the number of people who are willing to even think about signing up.
georgia played in the sec championship game in the last 5 years. a&amp;m has beat bama but came up short. "competing"
man a&amp;m be having four losses at the end every year since johnny left.
are you going to the game?
no i wish! i'm heading to work and i have to take bart
thats for updates, and you are an extraordinary young leader. my respect.
you shared your light. 3 years ago i arrived in this city for the very first time because of you.
omg this narrative drives me craaaaazy
like cars, they don't make 'em like they used to... thank god
how do these idiots not realize they're the right-wing pc police &amp; sjws? grow up you little bitch
this right here is what separates actual liberals from right wingers claiming to be liberals.
lol uh huh i like that 'street' about him too
word, he's so hood
trust ain't one a my stronger qualities
its for da bullet holes puto
happy birthday lauren! love surviving swim with u
lol thanks kiepen couldn't have done it without you!
nurse practitioner, physician assistant and clinical pharmacists, in canada, are able to manage some health care tasks
paramedics also do some. i had my lumbar puncture done by one last er visit
bro i was dying tag luis up in this shit
factsss nigga was like u bamdaclock batiboy
truly think the go to the super bowl this year if the o-line holds up. top 5 o and d talent.
the only team that can stop the pats
jimmy garoppolo, great fantasy qb or the greatest fantasy qb?
jimmy garoppolo, you were too beautiful for this ugly and cruel world.
i got into an argument with some guy who wouldn't leave me the fuck alone and insisted on buying me a drink. fucker, i'm not interested
did you tell him you are married?
how dangerous an addiction is foyle's war?
" how dangerous an addiction is foyle's war? || extremism in the pursuit of excellence is no vice. foyle's war is pure gold.
chicago krew x nyc krew x philly krew! love all of u guys
so fucking cute so good to finally meet you guys
norm core (i think) is so nasty to me. i just saw someone in the best outfit ever + then saw their sneakers and had to rethink my whole life
i could give a shit about high fashion + know nothing about it but this was absolutely wrong. i'm telling you!!!
honestly what % of jew blood runs in your veins?
i'm a dyke, can't keep your slurs straight? delete your account.
how much you paying to campaign for you.i know you're paying him,because he told us is not fit to be potus
after her primary weekend at bernies
why cut the train and left us with 1 bus every hour??? you should have added more bus
woodside bound bus and i am at whitney bus stop
jimmy no!!!! last thing the pats needed to see
patriots nation right now
it'd def be different if everyone were actually from here aha.
also nobody is from paris, nobody cares how long you've been there, just another big city with transplant that comes to my mind
oh my god the saints are
it's almost like having $30 million-plus of dead money on your cap will end up hurting your team.
how are the giants still scoreless da fuck am i missing
haha i turn on the game and we get a touchdown leskiddddit
what should be pissing you off is this lack of pass rush and pressure.
is that what's causing blaine gabbert to miss wide open throws at times?
report: trump has received $885m in tax breaks for his new york real estate empire
that just shows how good the man is. can you imagine the benefits he will bring to us when he starts negotiating with china?
it's is, my cousin went to uni there so visited her for a day. can't wait to go back to the states again too
loved it. went to a sports bar in the township. brilliant atmosphere, great beers too!
can't keep up with the cons that and are going to? we did for you! ()
i think aj is going to wizard world tulsa
what does it suppose to mean???
see if u can make the connection:
holy fucking shitttt
the giants just made me cum
you can't
exactly! we live in a global economy and those under represented groups aggregate to a strong market potential
tweeps, should i buy a new mattress online based on reviews (what i've done in the past), or should i buy one in person in nc?
we ordered ours online and it was the best decision as we don't have a car in the city.
if he can tell the giants to call him
well played
boy, look at all of these brave police rushing to the scene of a terror attack. so let's protest them at nfl games tomorrow.
they are just deplorable aren't they?
well there special teams just made up for it
yep, finally someone scored. i thought it was gonna be 0 - 0 going into the half
he sure did.
i think i'm frustrated because she isn't managing the external elements of this job. she's not creating a narrative.
we as black people have no ownership to the democratic party. they did nothing for the very freedoms we have now.
your opinion. is an inspiration to me.
i'm torn between being excited to watch my first bundesliga game live and being butthurt that my first bundesliga game isn't a dortmund game
my first one was nurnberg v schalke 0:0 so it can't really be worse than that
i'm at city of cle elum in cle elum, wa
guy i went to high school with had a t-shirt that said "cle elum is 1 helluva place." i always wanted that shirt. love cle elum
why do the giants hate me
jk they fixed themselves. for nows
there is a basic argument of moral consequentialism here: israel exists, however unjust its founding - to destroy it enacts a new crime.
the same logic defeats the "palestinians are really jordanians" crowd. the palestinians exist - deal with it.
it will be interesting if every finger wave for the rest of the game (for both teams) results in a 15-yard penalty.
regardless, team &gt; ego. dumb play by a talented kid who needs to get his priorities straight. let your play do the talking.
happy birthday to my best friend i love u so much glad i can celebrate with you :)
thanks babe ily sm!
media birthday: journalist, author and activist turns 60 today.
happy birthday keep up the good work and thank you
when u get offered a job that relates to what u want to do in life :-)
yay! go aves!!
rnc chair calls trump campaign "one of the biggest movements" in modern history
so was hitler
would anyone actually fall for the line: "a girl like you shouldn't be drinking alone?" i sure as hell wouldn't. i prefer to be left alone.
sounds like a wolf preying.
it was a trump supporter who tried to blow up nyc --he thinks it'll be advantageous to his election but its exactly the opposite.
this is the dumb liberal we hear when nyc is full of liberal democrats please stop
giants got more turnovers then they have points
the jets going to make it pass the first round if they even make the playoffs ?
i tell you, i become from watching &amp; play.
boo hiss. giants suck and jets gonna break your heart every year.
use no funds as throw all out nov8th
thanks for the dispise this as self consuming
awesome. so, you know i'm not the only one talking about ocaml
hahaha. or maybe you just planted it here? i'm still not sure
texting emily mechtel she made a joke and i could hear her laugh at herself through the walls why do we do this
caffeine pills ???/10
it happens too often.
severely doubt.
phew! glad to hear the response was not 'maana, maana'
lol. that feature will come with better developed personalities. cranky siri, happy siri, mean siri....
a challenger has appeared
skye who let you in a grocery store
couple retweets &amp; i'll drop on sound tonight
tune n today
is that you? hillary?
no! it's your mama! hillary is getting ready for her presidential inauguration, jan2017.
if you are in a really cute outfit and i look down and see these it's over faster than lil mama's career
i do love lil mama but that time she performed at a kid's pool i was really hurt.
were the romans who persecuted the jews in the bc/ early ad christian? were they avenging christ? no, and no.
i don't know that romans "persecuted the jews". that sounds like u are making your own conclusion.
she's getting more vocal now. chirpy. argumentative.
yes, the sassy pre-teen years are upon us with this one
i also ask how involved people are at their local and state government and community levels where real, tangible change can occur?
black and latino people have influence and power in the democratic party in many states. loyalty is not wasted. policy happens.
janoris jenkins has his true giant moment. returns blocked fg for score to finally put points on board in meadowlands.
fuck him and the giants
if they don't now, it'll be too late. this election is the point of no return.
agreed. we must keep spreading the word about hillary lies, corruption, deceit.
warning, twitter peeps, i'm on duty today. a's fans might want to mute or unfollow for the day, apologies in advance.
that's okay susan. you will just miss the better game.
i support this.
your def invited next year!
got the ok to start my sleeve so yassssss
*is a broke college student* *spends hundreds on tats*
i wish i could
can you go to the second show like going ticket less that day
ah, so "move on" on *race, but fact-challenged conspiracy theories debunked by the fbi are all good, yeah? copy.
any truth on what abc7 is saying about isis taking the blame for the mall stabbing in minnesota?
were the romans who persecuted the jews in the bc/ early ad christian? were they avenging christ? no, and no.
i don't know what "avenging christ" means.
37 pitches in 3 innings for miley
hard to understand why jones dogged it out of the box in the first inning. never would expect it from him.
wavelengths
you edit in lightroom?
-- heard from the bar "how can you not kick a field goal from that close!?" my answer:
3 turnovers in a half? yeah yall look good tho
iphone mail app research complete. tried them all. spent good app store taxed monies. i'm as surprised as delighted by outlook.
takes guts to praise an ms product like that.
wow. this is gross (and it would be equally gross if hillary were mentioned, too).
isn't this the idiot that says "geographical" names are low class, but named her daughter "india"?
nottingham uk is funding public transit with parking levies. is anyone else doing this in big way?
i believe that baltimore has/had a downtown parking surcharge that funds circulator service. we discussed a lot in atl
i'm afraid to admit it lol
hahaha this game made me think of you! hope all is well and
very first issue of , 165 years ago, opens with a note about how tough the newspaper biz is.
there must be some irony in the "except sundays" bit.
when battling burnout, do you have a happy place to retreat to?
up on the roof.........
it's almost a shame to unwrap this one, it's just about still in its wrapping!
how many tapes out there are even left, and can the internet archive offer to host copies for you?
i was so stunned by the sight of a black qb on the patriots i missed the giants blocking the field goal
in boston? wait, what? isn't the patriots motto "whites only?"
how alopecia helped me reach true enlightenment | arnab chanda
renunciation eventually comes whether we want it or not. we lose all to join the one.
wondering if ben is injured? no zip on ball and throws all over the place???
like i tweeted earlier...he went to the lockeroom and barley came out on time for the the last snap of 1st qtr
playing at home ya dingus.
yeah i meant against new orleans. my shame forced me to delete said tweet from the twitterverse
i bet you'll be glad bc you'll be closer to home. you coming back for the holidays?
yeah i'm tryna travel round there it's smack dab in the middle of everything lol and yes probably christmas
a big thank you to brandon and the team of volunteers registering voters for and today!
debbie u r a disaster and a criminal hope u get what u deserve jail time for fixing against bernie
what's the most embarrassing/devastating bug you created that ended up in production?
also, i inadvertently used to ddos a bunch of websites:
lol yeah. people don't give a shit about that anymore.
that's so wrong. stay clear of people like that.
what even happen??
hella niggas jumped bryce &amp; laid their hands on me &amp; gloria as well
i think i was open minded (forget '84) bc lived outside us growing up. different prism. 1/2
i met my then bff in '83-84. beautiful human who died of aids in '92. altered my politics &amp; social views.
lol can't very well "spread their legs" if they're unconscious, can they?
drunk women are not considered 'unconscious'. and vice versa, unconscious women are not considered 'drunk'.
i liked a video from writing in books?! a court of mist and fury art
thank you! &lt;3
fun! what is your favorite wine that you tried today??
the 2009 berridge pinot you pour is reason enough to visit beyond the atmosphere &amp; stellar food
dunbar might have scored there had dak found him.
missed opportunity
still needs to have joints sealed in areas that are subject to spills if wood backing.
it has a layer of foam underneath.
hillary calls nyc explosion 'bombings,' slams trump for 'bomb' via
she was confused. she woke up from an ambien sleep.
ummhmm you just saying that cause ya "lil friends" on here..it's okay we all 3 know you ain't got to lie craig
"lil friends"
cnn edits out clinton referring to ny explosion as 'bombing'
will we ever know if they were following her command or was it them taking the task of protecting her to appease our enemies?
ok, just blame the world's problems on gabbert. that's ok. sorry he's not a 100% passer
when did i do that? i blamed gabbert's misses on blaine gabbert. i never said he needs to be 100%. i said he can't miss wide open
it's almost a shame to unwrap this one, it's just about still in its wrapping!
i spoke without checking. i'll make you a collection.
are there going to be replacements for those bands? or is the lineup just going to stay the same
still working on it
after reading this, i will never again set foot in the united states my winter home fir ten years
there's always ny.
they're crazy!!
everyone wants her to be perfect, never asks that of all the men running
but why tho??
some shit he supposedly tweeted like 2 months ago lol
waiting for is like waiting for water to boil with no water in the pan....
good seeing this morning..
ok, just blame the world's problems on gabbert. that's ok. sorry he's not a 100% passer
clearly you're listening, so have a nice day.
i like how after the bomb went off in chelsea yesterday we decided to leave washington heights to turn up in hells kitchen like no big deal.
ugh i should've went with yall
something bout having to watch football games in the laundry room just.... humbles you
little as tv lmao can't even watch football in the comfort of my crib
it's almost fall.. do we have a release date yet?
hi suzanne - you should have received an email last week requesting shipping address. pls email support.com if not.
if you respect america, find something else to do this afternoon
boycott all children's games and be a adult ..
i hate my lifeeeeee . i was so cringe
deadass tho me too
well those questions you highlighted are always interesting, this whole city is transplants. i end up asking it to people 1/2
"where are you from" is fine, the rest i don't see a point. i've heard weird things when people ask or tell "how long"
"they can come at my actions all they want but when they come at my bold statements that's where i draw the line"
can i guess who this is for $5
8.25% is just absurd. should have been 3-4%
if we go to 3-4% we'll have to cut everything drastically. i mean, drastically.
what a racist comment by the racist-in-chief.
he should prepare to be insulted.
black and latino people have influence and power in the democratic party in many states. loyalty is not wasted. policy happens.
to say, based on media portrayal of national scene where congress is locked by gop that poc are taken for granted by dems isn't true.
scroll their fees...is this a bill from my landscaper.
this can't be happening to me. not on the lords day.
how much has that foundation helped ppl in our country? in black neighborhoods. do you know any americans it has helped?
their focus is more global providing for those not helped by other organizations, e.g., africa.
what san francisco says about america -
the gap in nyc is appalling. it's even worse in sfo. california shocks so much me as an european. hard to express with words.
your peers are in the right to feel they tried but didn't work. but we could do more so onus isn't just on them to make it work
also excellent we're having a critical discussion of medical community's role in breastfeeding. would be proud
1 , tbh, i haven't followed developments. was there only 1 explosion? if so..
2..i have a hard time believing a pressure cooker could deliver that punch
little as tv lmao can't even watch football in the comfort of my crib
can't even watch football naked army done took e v e r y t h i n g from me i have nothing left to give
and it was stupid lit
it obv was if you're talking to yourself again
thanks luke! and thanks for your support this year!
absolutely! glad we "met" hopefully one day, in person!
if we go to 3-4% we'll have to cut everything drastically. i mean, drastically.
that's just for phase-in to 6.5% i think.
good morning to all of the followers
goodmorning
maybe her positions as a politician in her own right should be weighted more heavily than how she supported her husband 20 yrs ago or nah?
she's not creating a narrative, and as long as she doesn't, 1996 through whatever bs, will haunt her.
donald trump said pregnancy is very inconvenient for businesses, like his mother's pregnancy hasn't been inconvenient for the whole world.
i don't believe pregnancy is "inconvenient" at all. engaging in sex when drunk wasn't very 'inconvenient' for her.
lol prolly not but their still irrelevant cause they ain't competed/competing for no acc ship..
they played for the chip last year.
jaw-dropping inanity &amp; hypocrisy-wash post calls for its source to be jailed for what post itself reported
why's doing this i feel like we're in its c
looks like stocked up at my website hehehe
he is awesome!
yeah. and we going to make the playoffs light
damn i always forget the last time y'all won a super bowl
not a reason to not vote for someone, u vote for them becuz their views line up w/ urs &amp; wuts best for the county
i see you're point
needed that!
haha struggle city. need editable tweets haha
he's been more of a qb these two games than geno smith and ryan fitzpatrick have been all their careers
keep thinking that
me in future!!!! i will break it down for u astro physic ist
you wanna have a career in physics? bro that shit is hard and it's like astro-boy type shit so that must be harder.
i think it's on. kasich with a left hook in round one...
but they're in different weigh divisions.
jimmy g is the new tom brady.
flew too close to the sun.
what gives cops the right to decide what work they do at taxpayers' expense? it's not duty a la carte
typically police who work at sporting events are on voluntary overtime, paid for by the home team or venue.
haha like when all of a sudden, the miked up refs take over the show
gotta love it
i guess people can 'panic.' but aft very rough wk, clinton still leads by 4 pts, which is what obama won 2012 by.
the spread is wider. ipsos reuters and monmouth poll results not tabulated in averages yet.
i love my fans
i am a fan of the jets and the heat i only know cause you told me
lmao 3 turnovers &amp; we're up by 7..... saints aren't meant to win this one
we're still playing like ass though
i bet the steelers will send film to the league office who of course will do nothing about it.
you're right about that. remember the yr when we missed playoffs but 3 bad game changing calls &amp; apology letters mon.?
. " created a moment that's memorable. and voters resonate with memorable moments."
voters respect truth...
many people are saying that priebus thinks that toyota named a car model after him.
it runs on gas - but doesn't go anywhere.
white liberal (which is redundant) educators are terrified that actual protest by their students will reveal truth abt their positionality.
they won't be able to hide behind the feel good white liberalism of clinton. you know who locked up more black, brown, first nation...
how does one reason with a trump supporter???
true. he is faith based. a messiah to them. they cannot see through the con.
that... doesn't look great
same html works _alright_ on the cp website, it's all css issues -
the cowboys have had six red zone possessions this season. two tds and four fgs.
need to fix this issue pronto
to say, based on media portrayal of national scene where congress is locked by gop that poc are taken for granted by dems isn't true.
in much of the country the democratic party are people of color. most working class. hillary isn't the only factor in this.
lol can't very well "spread their legs" if they're unconscious, can they?
black-out drunk women are capable of driving when drunk. so shouldn't black-out drunk women be arrested for dui if caught?
lmfaooooo my boy breazaveli want that old thang back
lmfaoo that ciroc had me in my feelings
now this is talent..
question what is the true source of this talent?
saw clip. wont comment b/c i don't know what "otherness" means. obama's an american. period. tired of stupid debate.
everyone's tired of the "stupid debate". but it's not "stupid". it's very important what people are saying. "otherness?"
of your vehicles, how many are "golf cart" type versus cars?
approximately 75% of the commercial and residential vehicles in avalon are 'autoettes' -commonly golf carts
obama tells black people he'll consider it a "personal insult" if they don't vote for hillary
tbe president insults all other americans..
and get your stomach.
just took a fat shit this morning we good
what a weirdo
he said u privileged people always defend america - i was like i'm a privileged person who hates america-i'm one of the good ones!
here's the article i'm talking about:
we loved your piece and look forward to more just like this one, ! we're an open platform for all kinds of opinions.
but i thought this is where we sell things.
ask him what his offer is. who knows u might make extra hahah
sti is pretty big... but that service cost
i know it is but hell yeah it does but i want an expensive car
cc: us all weekend at spring crssd
lmao hit thisssss we gotta gooooo
hbd lo can't wait to see you soon! don't have too much gluten today16
i miss you so so much!!! thank you
literally like 100 nypd cars have flown pass me on the highway
just saw that too! wonder what that's all about.
smh who has it out for prince eric??
they better watch out.
sus!!!!!
they took off their shirts to fight too lmfao really sus
stay safe all of our friends.
thank you mark. we appreciate you thinking of us!
still 14 after that??? man
that's respect.
main advantage to having as an editor is she gives advice on how to cure my plantar fasciitis in her edits.
roll a can of frozen something under the ball of your foot. work on calf tightness longer term.
the sun will destroy earth a lot sooner than you might think
the democrats will destroy the us long before that
trump ad on . i'm not in advertising, but this doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me.
ads oftentimes fed by what previous sites you visited (or even key terms in gmail!) the future is here.
forgot all bout that tbh..
see them boys legit i'm trying to tell you.
they won't be able to hide behind the feel good white liberalism of clinton. you know who locked up more black, brown, first nation...
kids than any other president in us history, more than reagan, or bush i, or bush ii? william jefferson clinton.
1 , tbh, i haven't followed developments. was there only 1 explosion? if so..
3..i've researched lots of events like this in past, &amp; if you aren't
hrc sold atomic chems to ussr,took cash from countries who supress women,cost lives in libya. destabilize entire m/east, iran
untrue. you know who cost lives? george w. bush. 3,000 dead on 9/11; 4,500 + dead in iraq. trump will be bush iii. count on it.
omg: mike pence considers dick cheney a role model for the kind of vp he wants to be via
more than likely will follow his foot steps
rippin through the crused child today.
there's a typo. cursed**
you haven't looked at - patients in pre-meeting courses, gen session, consensus panels
is one of the superstars of medical conferences!
when doesn't win or at least get top 2????!!!!!!??!!?!
this is america what the fuck is right (no pun intended).
interception!
lets turn this around
kids than any other president in us history, more than reagan, or bush i, or bush ii? william jefferson clinton.
you know that is in large part due to the double down on the school safety act (1992, 1994, and 1998) during his presidency.
on a scale of 1-10 how likely are u to pay for love
oh my god. let's be real, 2,000
we want people to focus on the great beer and friendly atmosphere.
recently @ winery, bus arrived, boisterous intox'd crowd ruined energy/enjoyment for others. best of luck, success to you
yea right. i'm sure everyone feels better...not!!! we need a leader we choose president trump
a fool elected by morons..
omg i miss you so much bb. i'm having a terrible time rn and i need some embz time.
oh so soon, i'm going to force myself in your presence constantly because i have a lot of best friend time to make up
authorities call nyc explosion a bombing, say motive unknown
banksters &amp; the 43yr hence chapt11 over at the bis
you know that is in large part due to the double down on the school safety act (1992, 1994, and 1998) during his presidency.
and it was at the behest and sponsorship of the titans of american prison industry looking to expand its reach into schools.
massive congrats on the new role!! catch up soon..
not to mention my man
i'll give you that, the girl and the tree was dumb, but when they go in the house i had a tight grip on my seat the whole time
creepiest thing was the missing friend standing in the corner in the house facing the wall. grossest was the thing in her leg
hahahaha it is hard that's why i like it i don't want easy
aha! smarty pants.
leaving today. over 100 people in one pre check line. no one in 5 lines of regular line. govt inefficiency at its worst
luke; 16: 1-13, a person not honest in small things will not be honest in great things. hrc dishonest s of state. potus????
oh come on! ya'll can't tell me your favorite comic book hero has never been played by someone who has never disappointed you!
george clooney was alright. the script was garbage
you need about 3 more wins before brady comes back.
if they don't win these 4 easy ass games...
lol. this
eating this doesn't help
jarred cosart gets the nod for the series finale in colorado at 1:10pm pt. here's the full lineup:
good luck alum
happy birthday !! hope your day is perfect, ilysm!!
thanks eli i love you too
kill this with fire.
i cannot believe this omg
susan and clarrie
so, what is the secret to thinning down mayo?
last year.. if they was they would have beat uga this year..
ehhhh one loss they had one loss last year. i'm telling you they alright.
yall wanna hear this or naw
dropping dis rn yall ready!??
yasssssss. category is: suway realnessssss
that single goes off! such a huge inspiration. much love!
what's wrong love?
you really wanna know?
is it weird that i have just as much confidence in brissett and whoever is after that and whoever is after that.
as you should, belichek is a great coach and proves brady is a creation of bill and totally over-rated as an individual.
and it was at the behest and sponsorship of the titans of american prison industry looking to expand its reach into schools.
the unsightly, unscrupulous, violent white supremacist settler jingoism that has always run america this way, ...
omg wish i was at this race love all the stuff
definitely makes me think of you go ninja go ninja
1 , tbh, i haven't followed developments. was there only 1 explosion? if so..
4..capturing info as it comes out and into the period the narrative "sets"..
happy bday !!! hope it's a good one, miss u gf
awe thanks em miss u too
yep, that'll solve the problem
this was done 20 years ago. either foreign mncs or larger soes acquire smaller insolvents
lions are so bad
that's an understatement. lol. this series is awful.
when did you first become a fan of jersey all pro wrestling?
2007, anniversary show.
shyt same over here i miss u already! i hope we back up there for thanksgiving!
is it a for sure thing because i'll buy my plane ticket home now lol
damn jimmy g though.....
that punt block for a td
carters making me listen to the worst music rn
what music?
happy birthday to one of my silly besties since 5th grade
i hate myself lmfao i love you bff thank you so much
yes, but they will soon be sr's hospital socks.
how is your family doing and how is your dad doing? haven't heard a word besides he went into the hospital for 3rd surgery!
like "math or english" are improved, if not the weaknesses remedied. they also require both hemispheres of the brain.
math and lit may not have been progressive for years but future scientists arent going to be art majors
foot also could be bothering him. fouled ball off it few nights ago. buck surprised he's even able to play
thanks, roch. just surprised to see it.
gr8 msg &amp; community
i'll be back
i don't understand those who say that "the country is as worse off under obama as it was under bush." do you remember what he inherited?
if they did, they'd have to examine feelings they don't want to examine.
shyt same over here i miss u already! i hope we back up there for thanksgiving!
wait nvm i'm coming regardless lol
away team having communications problems with their helmet comms... foxboro has to fix that, or the cheater tag will stick forever!
it was a dead battery. nothing the could prevent there.
tell him you kneel or sit during the national anthem
i actually was sent to the principal's office for refusing to say pledge i was like you can't make us say something!!!
would a tennis ball suffice? and the pain is mostly in my achilles. should i focus there?
tennis ball is ok therapy but frozen gives immediate help. achilles stuff starts higher up. i've had everything possible.
lol bro don't tell me you're actually falling for this. meek fake asf scared of game. lmaooo would he say that if it were drake?
game fake bc he knows meek is on probation so he's gonna take shots at him bc he has his hands are tied. get it?
"read up on your history. it matters. we've got to get people to vote." -:
i agree... video to inspire reading...
trump lied abt colonoscopy:tweeted nonstop day he said he had it. still hasn't released detailed records. or taxes.
trump hasnt donated to own foundation in 8 yrs,but keeps stuff bought w/charity$, bribed ags w/charity$$.
the unsightly, unscrupulous, violent white supremacist settler jingoism that has always run america this way, ...
with a paucity of hand outs to stave off revolution (ala cam newton).the only way out of , ...
just had my car cleaned. maybe i should buy a lottery ticket. i hate seagulls.
when i get mine washed, it rains.
i wasn't talking about her muscles more about her outfit. it isn't wrong women can do and wear whatever they please
i was just messing around. :p
there's your answer. edelman is the third qb.
tbh he has a better passer rating than any other ne qb. ": there's your answer. edelman is the third qb.
sounds like common sense?!"the difference is the nation was investing in its people's health: priorities"
thank you dr. gro harlem for this important common sense that gets lost by 1/2 of usa's population
happy birthday hope it's a good one !
thankyou;-))))
the last filter you're so pretty!
thank u!!
studying to j dilla + rain sound effects
unlimited luxury right there
heading to the game? here is your forecast
nfl go to hell
translation: he didn't want her to reveal that he told her to "go for it."
if those old powell emails w/ the fbi notes had not come out, we would take his current emails as face value.
: trump, clinton tied across battleground states. trump beats clinton 49%-20% on who can change washington.
she is on media life support .until debate that exposed..
i'm biased, but i haven't seen anyone providing more thoughtful commentary than
thanks you america-hating liberal media biased man!
you know you want yo
the champ don't bow!
if is doing this for the pr - it's working. here is map of twitter conversation on 11/12th sept.
but surely volume of tweets is not only metric of success?
btch come finish reading my book for me
ctfu i hate that shit i was so disappointed with that book
can you imagine with like legit 1 next to him? he could be a complete game changer with that.
we have no qb no real te threat &amp; no wr - yet we have guys wide open - gotta be encouraged by chip man
bills trash, bottom feeding fans and mediocre for years.
i hope he breaks his neck and then you wrap your car around a tree.
think bink sunday! glgl to my bromies
glgl bros!!
"read up on your history. it matters. we've got to get people to vote." -:
video to inspire reading
with a paucity of hand outs to stave off revolution (ala cam newton).the only way out of , ...
its school police officers and homogenized antiblack curricula, is to overthrow white supremacy. the only cure is rehab.
translation: he didn't want her to reveal that he told her to "go for it."
i'm shocked in him. the way he talks in his emails, everything.
i endorse for 's successor as vp
don't think he would resign from italy either but idk
thanks for the jinx
me and everyone else on patriots twitter
this was really well done, still no dislikes yet. i would hate it if someone disliked the video
i have a troll who puts one dislike on all my videos, so just wait for it. lol
like "math or english" are improved, if not the weaknesses remedied. they also require both hemispheres of the brain.
at least when it comes to america we are all extremely privileged enough to be able to do the arts
if you do a lot of amazon shopping i recommend amazon rewards card. no free prime, but $50 on sign-up, 3% back on amazon buys.
got that 1yr ago and cancelled last month. it's ok, but i prefer the amazon prime store card which offers 5%. might re-get.
i love this picture but i love ya more esme thank you for going with me!
i love you too thank you for taking me with ya
honestly covering my eyes! do not take too much rough cider, anyone, or it could go so wrong.
phew, just some boisterous line dancing, stand down everyone...
coughing profusely. "god my throat is so scorched but i'm too blazed to give a fuck"
*leaves phone in uber to airport*
this is what happens when a repub defends his racist standard bearer; complicity &amp; sophistry are kind assessments.
they sure are different in the
do it you won't
only if you plan to make inception sounds throughout the day
to america's goers: why are so many of you obsessed with who's having sex &amp; how?
they are a little crazy aren't they?
its school police officers and homogenized antiblack curricula, is to overthrow white supremacy. the only cure is rehab.
and the only real rehab can happen in a revolutionary period in which "business as usual" in america, in which black youth ...
thought you had one already!
oled 1080p, it's insane, but 4k too much
and listens to migos. evens out.
edelman blacker than him.
here to help! in order to best assist you, could you clarify the issue you are running into?
some one was trying to hack my account spamming 2fa codes. turned off 2fa and reset password, issue appears resolved.
eth is the funniest suffix
it's liteth
such a busy week and today we will celebrate hubby's birthday. next on the agenda is a new grandson.
have a great day w new grandson!!!!
you can't tell me to relax when the giants are playing that's a no no
you tweeting play by play like you espn
you too pat? my gawh i don't shared all kinds of shit wit you niggas got me fucked up
booty is a delicacy! i thought u knew smh
and the only real rehab can happen in a revolutionary period in which "business as usual" in america, in which black youth ...
...are coerced to stand in decontextualized and sanitized "unity" with a panopticon of erasure is ended.
please, more context??? you are the only method for me to know what's going on.
garoppolo out with a shoulder injury. unclear how serious.
feeling really ashamed &amp; small rn
have your doc check your b12 level if you can &lt;3
tennis ball is ok therapy but frozen gives immediate help. achilles stuff starts higher up. i've had everything possible.
lock in. plantar can last a couple years.
spending the morning with these ladies. team reunion! can't keep us apart!
what fun! say hi to the team and stay cool out there- it's hot today!
why iis doing big business in both red and blue states
because it's a great movie!
"we can learn a lot about the person in the very moment that language fails them" anna deavere smith cited at
tx 4sharing! so many full circle moments: guest spkr at tisch playwriting class
check out what is trying to do. solving exactly this problem.
agreed! i think &amp; would b great partners. both do much to help sport be sportsmanlike
today's tech project. setting up cam outdoor.
can't i disable your com outdoor by simply unplugging it?
damn near *everybody i went to hs with
deadass tho remember shawty from chem class?? that was like sophmore year goddam
nope. the last 3 of my social is 666. should i be worried?
no it just means u were born before 64.even obama's had not been "securitized" in 59.u should b"worried"if ur worshiping satan
im including the edge of your seat anticipation as plotting. pacing out character appearances counts.
somehow this lost the cc on you lot
isn't it already downloaded?
well apparently it is. but when you pre order it says download will be ready on the 18th
it's awful you all are poking and making light of the very many people who are very poor
omg! this tweet is so old. but it started w/ mr. trump stating that all blacks have nothing.
saw last night and got all up in my feels. so much talent in one body!
every time demi sings i get the chills
this is where i don't even want to go cause that's civics 101 &amp; some folks don't seem to get how government works.
plus the gop is perfectly willing to literally cheat people out of their right to vote. shut polling sites, erase people.
to america's goers: why are so many of you obsessed with who's having sex &amp; how?
answer: they get their sexual rocks off by inserting themselves into others sex lives.
wranglers? so you want a qb with no mobility?
brett farve was mobile as shit
i gave you $20 three weeks ago!
i spent it on hookers and blow
wow .... what set it off? any leads on a suspect?
possibly a ied, a second ied was found a few blocks away in front of fit that hadn't been detonated yet
race hustler says it's a 'personal insult' if black voters don't back
melanin and vagina really should be the only thing blacks care about in the election, not poverty, crime or opportunity.
sony's blocking of mods for fallout 4 is simply further demonstration of their care of ip over customer experience. sony died a decade ago.
or their paranoia about their network infrastructure. they had mods in unreal, and kbm support.
great photo! rain never dampens spirits! especially when seeing jonathan!
it does, however, make for less than desirable photos.
love is the strongest weapon. and andrew garfield star in - in theaters november 4.
trailer demonstrates the usual hollywood liberties to market and entertain,,,,,stay with original
hey! i'm writing a piece re: unusual wine destinations. does nevada city have an offbeat scene to check out?
yes i have two pieces for re nevada city google sarah miller nevada city and sarah miller starr to get past paywall
also, there is no law against "irresponsible intent," and no one should be more grateful that is so than mr. trump.
did you say you are really disgusting?
hope you and the family are safe bud
thanks dude. everyone is ok.
first replay in football final since 2000, twitter wasn't w thing was it ?
desperate stuff
wow .... what set it off? any leads on a suspect?
no leads on any suspects
the soul express with marian
brand new tune
funny how libs start the ad hominem attacks but don't like it back. looks like you just sucked a nigger
when i said "troll," i wasn't name-calling. i was just stating what you are. go back to 4chan.
trump/clinton supporters on twitter very different conversation structures. mapped with
would be so great if you could share few thoughts on what these graphs suggest - for us non-dataviz folks :-)
or their paranoia about their network infrastructure. they had mods in unreal, and kbm support.
psp was cracked due to user content in gta.
"where are you from" is fine, the rest i don't see a point. i've heard weird things when people ask or tell "how long"
the other day playing some pool: - hey, are you visiting? - no - i've been here for 4 years. how about you? - wat
its now 4 and goal lions going for a fg
that was awful
thanks to jetlag i got to play rim world until 6 am last night ~~ a good decision.
tell me your rim world stories i crave them
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
happy birthday to r future mme. president. so glad it was the milder form of pneumonia instead of the viral.gd lk w debat
'where do you want it?': israeli soldier taunts unarmed palestinian man before shooting him
"..continues to suffer from intense pain..not clear whether he will be able either to walk again or to use his hand"
crooks and liars: kellyanne conway refuses to say when trump stopped being a birther: 'you'll have to ask him'
if they can get away with shooting someone in the face
politicians are puppets of the slavemasters... they have no power, but you do, if you would only wake up and realize the score!
i am going to spike bis in the turd teams end zone
black-out drunk women are capable of driving when drunk. so shouldn't black-out drunk women be arrested for dui if caught?
unless u think "unconsciousness" is a valid excuse for a drunk female driver to use when pulled over for dui.....
after working @ gap outlet for four years, every time i walk into one now i find myself redoing their denim wall.
that's me with uniqlo. a person cannot forget their japanese folding technique
speaks slowly to sound thoughtful and measured. not because she's doped up to her eyeballs.
or being fed what to say through her earpiece...
who's the qb?
brought in jacoby brissett. a rookie out of nc state they drafted in the 3rd round this year.
i don't understand what's the problem in speaking up &amp; just being honest? yet so many choose secrecy &amp; dishonesty.
they ain't built like that
same cause that shit sounds dummy lit
i dead joined
snakes in the grass cut em off b4 i trip on em
@ lmaoooooo your aunt wildin
psp was cracked due to user content in gta.
and bethesda has said that sony's stance wasn't "no mods" it was "not this way".
and all i did was comment on how archers listeners have donated money to help abused women. i'm not saying another word.
how long to go?
happy birthday best fren love you bunches
omg ur so cute ily sm gail
is there a way of showing no. of tweets/hour vs no. of shares. wondering if really fast stream limits sharing?
yes there is
i think so! mandella didn't have very many indian charlie's in the barn... cute pic girls
she is one of the loveliest. would lay her head in my arms for hours at a time. so cute. think i might even have a pic of u 2
1 , tbh, i haven't followed developments. was there only 1 explosion? if so..
5..it's quite difficult later to determine what's spin vs what's real.
saw an interview with kon saying japanese cutesie 'kawai' cartoon characters covered up their society's war crimes!
well that might be a tad extreme, but sure, why not!
"i'm looking for a lot of men with an infinite capacity for not knowing what can't be done" - henry ford
our human thoughts limit our ministries is the only source of our strength
flew too close to the sun.
would like to see edelman take a few snaps for fun.
the soul express with marian
brand new tune kadondo
it looks so crazy! i was riding along the other side for a while and they just keep coming
cars and cars and cars. motorcycles too!
. are bold leaders taking on human rights violations and sharing at .
52 million children suffer from malnutrition unfoundation
you be knowing
i'm in love with him, do u watch natoks
the cf is getting a pass.
cf is doing great work around the world.
that's cause he is a measly little wimpy asswipe thar trump discards after him and the media gives him a pass always
never held accountable
oh damn, so eli wasn't even on the field when the giants scored?
nope and brees missed a wide open fleener so the fg attempt should of never happened
black dallas cop levels lawsuit on clinton, obama and black lives matter for inciting 'race war' | bizpac review
only way to stop them...bravo..
day of terror: ny, nj bombings, isis-linked stabbing spree at minn. mall renew attack fears
it wasn't a "day of terror." hyperbole, as per the fox news specialty
he's bloated, bilious, suffers narcissistic personality disorder, but his testosterone excites the tv audience.
here's why trump got his flunky dr. bornstein to 'report' his testosterone level. oz was probably cued to feature it
desean jackson has 2-40 but kirk cousins has missed him twice for would-be long gains.
i'd save this tweet for future re-use
that sentiment is why our discourse is broken. americans just want to "move on" from our history rather than face it
by not dealing with things...sweeping them under the rug...nothing ever gets resolved...so we're doomed to repeat.
born in 1989, i remember tail-end of laudatory view of japanese tech, but i've only known us leadership. japan just demographic timebomb now
people used to be utterly convinced japan was going to buy the usa and terraform it.
when i grow up &amp; travel a lot i'm definitely going to make a cliche ass blog &amp; title it "travel with tas" or "tascenery"
i was actually gonna make an ig for the tascenery one now but thats mad work so nah
two more strikeouts for gabriel ynoa as he retires minnesota in order in the third.
ynoa! looking good! keeping us in the game!
(2/2) reaches people in areas that are hard to reach with the gospel
praying and supporting your teams around the world can you expand to the us all people groups live here now
share this with younger people in your life. we don't need another national embarrassment.
hey asshat your misogyny is coming out of every orifice. he isn't running. your rapist trump is
happy 21st birthday, ! cheers to a great year!
tae didn't deliver you a present yesterday
what in the ever loving fuck is this
"fan food, not fast food" is such a weird slogan
bills look good bro, i'm jealous. sad! mediocre franchise and insecure fans. sad!
hog??? or fat ugly girl friend????
did you ever hear anything so stupid in your life. heard that on news this morning before my coffee.
anytime he speaks something stupid comes out of his mouth.
plus the gop is perfectly willing to literally cheat people out of their right to vote. shut polling sites, erase people.
my argument's not "trump's so bad" he is, but it's that if it's this hard to get clinton elected how hard will it be to make radical change?
stayed up literally all night &amp; got to watch this
thanks to pj and dante
luckily the dolphins are an embarrassment. i love when people say they're coming for the pats. every year.
well coming for could mean plenty of things. beat them, injure an important player...
i'm at a girl scout bridging ceremony &amp; the whole vest thing reminds me of the cuts on sons of anarchy.
as a former girl scout, i can tell you there's no tougher crew.
cnn's jake tapper edits out hillary clinton's 'bombings' remark
biased untrustworthy media..
enjoy your sunday all
you as well beth
ain't this the dude who killed himself over honey cocaine
yes that's him
one of the prompts for the common app is how would you solve a problem &amp;i wanted to use design but idk how
you could solve a problem regarding costumes for a school production using fashion design
what an astonishing quote by the police union chief in miami:
never forget that police union leaders aren't playing to the public. they're doing that 4 their members. that's the origin
in his talk at gave some great examples of patient empathy &amp; drew one of them
now that's truly ptcentered cd he pls teach all pedi docs 2walk in their pts shoes?
nice. and what for the calf tightness?
this is a more complicated one. 1. massage; 2. foam roller/the stick; 3. active-isolated stretching; 4. yoga (i don't do this)
tumblr page claiming to be chelsea bomber's 'manifesto' being vetted by nypd...
both of these posts claiming responsibility were published after the bombing? try critical thinking...
have you tried ?
ooh i didn't know it had discussion. i'll check it out! thanks.
coraline is my fave
second one coming out 2018
what an astonishing quote by the police union chief in miami:
of crazy statements like that.
got that 1yr ago and cancelled last month. it's ok, but i prefer the amazon prime store card which offers 5%. might re-get.
that's probably better if you're really all-in on amazon, to swap the 2%/1% on food/all others purchase for 2% more on amazon.
chuck todd letting conway get away with blaming hrc for starting birtherism. no other reporter has allowed this lie. he needs to go.
tough questions, media forgot how to make them
this four-minute parkour joint made me happy tonight:
so cool thanks for sharing.
i think obamacare needs some work but the change allowing people to stay on their parents plan until age 26 helped so many people i know.
deray obama did everything the banksters allowed w/gun to his head. he did not do anything to fix their math,so the pain continues.
latest ap poll top 10: 1. alabama 2. ohio st 3. louisville 4. michigan 5. clemson 6. houston 7. stanford 8. msu 9. washington 10. texas a&amp;m
. louisville football will quickly be brought back to reality vs clemson when we wax dat ass
idiots tim it's like reporting shit for virtuame like a puppy dog lmfao sad idiots they are getting worse
block em all, that guy don't pay up on his bets , no honor
hillary clinton losing millennial support nationally and in key states
losing millennials? never had them, made excruciating error in pushing down throats of base as well
what about gabriella though? is she judging academic decathlons nationwide? did she make long distance work with troy? help
i don't know her.
us media hammering for saying nyc bomb was a bomb are making themselves look utterly absurd.
be cuz these idiots will stop at nothing to stop trump. they r bought &amp; sold by hrc
uses beacons to connect seattle's street community with app holders.
i get the tactical triage need but am critical of post-tax bandaids vs proper taxed funding to solve the root problems
i'm seriously considering a $3000 tv for that game , am i crazy ?
never spend over 2k is my motto, just wait it out
oh yeah that was like an extra dollar every week you were late on paying so you owe me a lot now lol
i smell a lot of
says people too stupid to vote for
thanks for the and a pair no one could draw to in any poker game
another cctv video of the explosion. earlier today, 4 pipe bombs discovered in nj &amp; now this - terrifying!
please let our ny finest do their jobs before shooting off your mouth
don't worry, the ppl will block them from any office. meanwhile, i'm voting intentionally 4
john kasick is a sniffling little man. " he hurt my feelings so i'm picking up my marbles and running home" boo boo!
. right. so when whiny college kids boycott a right-wing speaker on campus you side with them too?? the irony is thick *with you*.
you have the right to protest. you don't have the right to try and prevent or disrupt the event.
oh. my. gosh.. what
urked me something fierce
not directly related, but i was reminded of this, for which i also "blame" you.
thanks for making my day!! i'll have to work on a new song and call it "george wallace" because your name should be a song!
officially can't party anymore. stayed out until eleven past; been tired since nine. why, body? why.
hehe, you are old.
shout it loud cause the 3 dishonorables are very isolated
kasich is 'irredeemable'.
checking news related twitter hashtags is the same as reading the comments
i watched the live feed for the hashtag last night for an hour and wanted to murder my phone
why am i the way i am
why did i just throw up on a sunday
have you tried ?
(this is more about complaining about ridiculous things that would wouldn't play outside sf.)
ugh. i just started to enjoy running. do i just run through it? it really, really smarts (especially in the mornings)
you can if you're careful. fascia shorten in morning. you limp to the bathroom. but as it warms up, pain goes away.
my argument's not "trump's so bad" he is, but it's that if it's this hard to get clinton elected how hard will it be to make radical change?
no. we don't stop working for it. but. we have to acknowledge that there is a large pop who will actively resist &amp; backlash. even violently
10 years. i've waited 10 years for this!!! you have no idea how much your comeback means to me! i could deadass cry.
i deadass loved you since you were 13 years old. goat.
coffee sunday!
isn't everyday a coffee day?
people used to be utterly convinced japan was going to buy the usa and terraform it.
so when i see chinese paranoia today, that's the lens through which i view it.
my new sounds: stacy money - she cant say no 2 me [prod. jett dean] on
new music on my soundcloud! i love zanax! everybody have fun!
sorry i tweet a lot of stuff
i love my friends n all but i h8 typing everything (or copying&amp;pasting) everything separately to all group chats
who is your favorite philosopher? whose thoughts do you relate to the most?
shankaracharya's advaitha philosophy
i get so excited when i first meet people and we hug instead of shaking hands. i don't like to shake hands and i grew up in a family where
hugs are just given for no reason. shaking hands is too formal and cold. i actually am really turned off by hand-shakes. they're weird.
i've been getting random live.ly links from someone in my hometown (houston) and i have no idea why.
(apparently twitter doesn't recognize .ly as a webdomain and doesn't automatically try t convert those urls to huh.
got that 1yr ago and cancelled last month. it's ok, but i prefer the amazon prime store card which offers 5%. might re-get.
for me, min/maxing that didn't seem worth it, especially since amazon rewards is chase-backed and i'm already on chase.
this shit is hella corny....a "instagram" war..sad part is somebody in they crew gonna be the ones that get hit smh
which make the beef even more lame if innocent people around them getting hurt and not them.
me waiting for god to prove to me he real and put all my baduas to work
just put all my evil eyes to work please
are you even old enough to vote? lol
are you even smart enough to stop talking before you blocked? lol
this hits so close to home for me rn
for realllllll
bills look good bro, i'm jealous. sad! mediocre franchise and insecure fans. sad!
don't you have to go catch some pokemon with your unemployed fat girlfriend?
glad to see with the and their great work. this maps shows about 400 lives lost
where is church in areas that are the hardest hit??? god has put them all around us
how much do you need to earn to own a home in the city?
are we talking about a dog house?
nationalism, not globalism. so god, i hope not. btw, my mama could prob run the country better than the dems
your mama could barely control your babbling, so... no! the dems run the nation. go on, do what you do best, babble
you a hater that's pops
fuck up hoe
get a life pls! we are murdered and are not supposed to highlight. why?
hashtags are to make sunnis realize itheir extremists are killing all sects and they have to deal with it
you go to click watch and pick frontier then sign in and it will let you watch ^gkc
when i click on watch, it keeps taking me to this same screen. doesn't ask me to log in
aww thanks!!
now we might even do something. ;-) congrats on making a difference.
do you want a president who calls any critic a dope, a moron, a loser, a whack job? how does that solve anything in a polarized world?
if he is elected, the united states, our great nation, will indeed become the laughing-stock of the world.
what has happened to .i used to count on you to report truth&amp;not be biased like .but, things have changed. who's agrees
of course. just ask who donated to her!
the soul express with marian
brand new tune life
erm, that's actually a photo of dietrich, my friend! ;-)
good lord! i'm tweeting w/o my glasses again!!! thank you sooo much! we're heading to bwy"s the color purple. have a great day!
. makes an appearance in new beatles movie! the film
saw it in the theater yesterday. great!
- gets hit with bomb by intolerant ideology - calls her fellow american intolerant
i am amazed at how brain-washed this woman is! fyi, not all nykers r so bomb-dumb.
so when i see chinese paranoia today, that's the lens through which i view it.
we're a country founded on invasion and subsumption so that's what we expect from everyone.
hi. thx for choosing delta for your travel needs. here is the whole story: *jh
sweet! too bad i'm for an upgrade to d1 with 0 seats left. send 'em back to comfort +
, i've seen your retweets and know you're ok, but still thinking about you.
thanks harlan!
little leaguers throw 57 pitches w/o hurting themselves. shouldn't hurt a pro
logic is flawed. disable your twitter account before you hurt yourself.
i need new clothes lol someone give me $100 -a
lol my life
to close guantanamo, obama is now releasing terrorists that *his own task force* said should never be freed.
if he doesn't release them now, it is for sure president trump won't. how else to get them back in the fight?
we def are. art majors will never bring the immediate concrete benefit that a teacher or engineer can
yea, like art wont definitively bring us into the future but its still integral for progression
did you see the cal game yesterday? you should feel better about a wager with now. if they can't beat cal...
his team is a&amp;m, the other texas team.
proved to the world u.s. press send their stories to the dnc 4 approval before publishing!
is proving how pathetic they are. did they think it wouldn't be reported on other news outlets?
they don't boycott, kyle. they try to get college admins to shut the speaker down. fundamentally different.
exactly that's where the problem is
i'm not ready for fall because i can't find jeans.
all my jeans ripped this weekend
. captivates attendees by demystifying millennials!
aria - i remember meeting you at global health conference at !
true enough, i just don't agree with the timing on this one
all good man , what matters is the game, i think it's gonna be good
ugh. i just started to enjoy running. do i just run through it? it really, really smarts (especially in the mornings)
key is to run (mostly) pain free. if you cannot, shut it down. good rule of thumb for running nicks vs real injuries.
one hour for each server...
you aren't helping charles...
at the time when world is witnessing eid pics of dhaka, this is simply to the cops
another happy ending
the east coast does brunch better than the west coast.
fighting words.
she looks like a dyke backstreet boy. "howdy doo, cool kids"
this female version of milo is not as attractive xd
readers know we rarely say "lie." but christie is either lying or so uninformed he shouldn't be on tv as a surrogate
knows that he is lying. he is just digging his own grave
this girl at the afterparty was all up in my ear like "play leave me alone" for like 2 hours. how bout you leave me alone, okayyy?!!
should have played leave me alone by dr. dooom.
san francisco is a shocker. [as is california; i should've written about ghost towns, too]
one of my pet dreams is to drive across the usa alone in a pink ford truck, staying at seedy motels, buying whisky miniatures and writing.
bomb going off in the chelseanyc gay area of should remind people that the same people who...
the device went off in front of the home for the visually impaired.
two best friends are engaged to be married! im gonna have a sister and happy birthday to her too!!!
hey!!!
one more day then we fly to wales and she will be with friends of hers and i will go visit friends of mine
how was the burren? haven't been out west for years, may try and make it next year.
when tweets is a straight neighborhood, should they own up or hide it??
i happened to catch that as reported on the last night before had boots on the ground!
yall wanna hear this or naw
just dropped dis on my soundcloud turn it up!!!!
they went backwards
they're giving a lesson on how not to play the game of football.
live on : medieval festival in fort tryon park: celebrating the spirit of the middle ages in one of upper...
well alright ... seems interesting
is there a hangover delivery service that can bring iced coffee, coconut water, and cold pizza straight to my bedside? asking for a friend.
i am with you - my bf made me eggs and refried beans and opened the door into the dog when he delivered it...high comedy
radiohead, alice in chains, nine inch nails, soundgarden, smashing pumpkins... some1 help me w the rest
matchbox 20 is on the table
randomely found this! amazing work! it felt too real!! i need a pillow.
huh. so that's how normies react to grimdark. super interesting.
no. we don't stop working for it. but. we have to acknowledge that there is a large pop who will actively resist &amp; backlash. even violently
progress has already been erased in areas like the voting rights act. just because we are right doesn't mean others will come around.
at least you admit it
you're clever. you must be a riot at all the troll birthday parties.
i think it's shameful that trump is denying $10 million to charity cause he's too afraid to sit down for an interview with .
if ppl really knew his truth, they'd trounce him, and he'd be in prison 4 many crimes for a long time.
ride or die
both of your teams smell like shit
oh shit word lol.
i'll be back tomorrow bb
thanks love
that was the first mention with my new @ i squealed
if the new imessage succeeds it will be because the app store still matters/works.
or it could mean having 3rd party developers develop works. traditional app store has discovery issues. imessage will have it too.
what is this shit im so unhappy
lmao dude i know right like suddenly gun violence is gonna stop now? so stupid
justice dept. tells employers firing immigrants with expired papers is discrimination via seriously??
impeach her and prosecute her..
i don't have enough tweet-space to name all the other ways sony has screwed their clients to protect intellectual property, but ok.
sure but playstation has a history of things like yaroze, linux on ps3, user replaceable hdds, and getting their shit hacked.
it's no longer about voting for hillary--it's now about voting for america as we know it--or a dictator
exactly. i never thought it would get to this point.
sure he literally lives in a crawl space but it's only $450 a month!
i assume his landlord isn't a serial killer.
that's the best possible news.
are you really a nuclear scientist
the history of the single season home run record | mobile edition
excellent viz and great write up - relieving to see we shared similar issues.
itis time for all to ! they allow anti-police protests; but no .
boycott? i just quietly turned the off, no grand announcement. they lost me.
what's the categories again
outstanding television movie and music direction
my mom sent these for my birthday. i am not nearly as cool or fun as she thinks i am.
"young people love this!" -a salesperson to your mom, who also thinks you are young
they're making boots out of it , you want some
@ i'm a size 5 babe
just like we all predicted
*shameless self promotion*
every time i google a cosplay for ref i always find so either she's done every cosplay under the sun or she has great taste
i've done over 200 costumes so it's a lot but also i have pretty good taste hehe
don't you shake your head and roll your eyes at me.
two shots of bailey's.
media birthday: journalist, author and activist turns 60 today.
happy birthday .
rnc chairman: party could penalize former gop candidates who don't endorse donald trump
. you're proud of this? yikes
going donville for halloween. will be handing out shit sandwiches &amp; costco memberships
people my try to poison your candy. be careful
sorry :/ sometimes when ppl say opinions others can get very feisty lmfao it's just natural for me
hahah i know. :p
some all around hof type quarterbacking right there
brees has missed a ton of throws today
so then vote for someone who puts others ahead of her own country. i'm for america first, and don't apologize for that.
trump is for trump first as his career proves. what's he ever done for others other than set up frauds &amp; rob people of fair wages?
seeing reports re: nyc. thinking of you guys. stay safe. love you.
thanks so much. we were actually out in the burbs for a dinner party. scary - only 1 block from our last apt.
go to for tickets! enjoy your life!
ahhh, so happy to see now that milwaukee is back in wis., you will have a great time there with blanche, and in madcity too, lucky !
when you get a flat in the middle of the trailer and have to walk back up the mountain
sorry if the water gun offends any one
so my streaming&amp;gaming pc got rekt at last. required new power,mother board and cpu. sorry for future me. bill will come nov. and its $640
oh no! that's really expensive! hope you get your new computer soon!
i look to god and ask that he grants me a great and safe day
he definitely will
progress has already been erased in areas like the voting rights act. just because we are right doesn't mean others will come around.
this election season has proven that clearly a whole lot of american hasn't gotten on board with any kind of justice.
welcome to the team
oh and got lost so i'm really apart of the team
wpost acheives a 1st in media history: a paper calls for *imprisonment of its own source (after accepting pulitzer)
yet people wonder why we don't trust the media ?
happy birthday matt here's a tb pic ft deg
thank you girl scout &lt;3
isn't everyday a coffee day?
true, but saturday/sunday are relaxing!
you'll make bank
made 1.3k off bred 1's .. lmfaoo these will deff get me two e36 m3's
i'll be there atleast two years you better come atleast once, turn 21 there
hopefully i can make that happen! it wud be dope
you ever just not like someone and you don't even know why? like their presence is just repulsive and you don't even know why?
why are you talking about me??
me: *extremely drunk in front of my family at a bar* death is inevitable
i also showed my brother my tattoo because i felt the need to tell him how important it is to truly acknowledge death jfc i hate myself
thanks for another great weekend. seems like i left some money at the craps table. hold it for me. i'll be back for it.
how did you do at foxwoods ???
they don't boycott, kyle. they try to get college admins to shut the speaker down. fundamentally different.
did you or anyone else hear about what happened at the commons cafe in brooklyn this week?
season 2 is going to start right where we left off! are you ready?
can't wait i'll be watching can't wait for the new show chicago justice
urge to stop mincing words -placing bomb on public street is an act of terrorism irrespective of terrorist's motives
indeed. also irrespective of terrorist's skin color, gender, religious affiliation or sexual orientation.
a.j. green nearly just slipped on the sideline in the same way reggie bush did last year. too dangerous.
looked like a late hit on that play
follow the dcn team live on snapchat as we take a road trip to the bay area for .
keep an eye out for the filters!
post- notes: winona woods neighborhood is the best, i loathe high falls' hills, beer is not a post-run motivator.
someone has never done the
. ur new $38b wl make more empty school seats filled w thr owners pic &amp;flowers child 15yo
isn't it god-awful? us leaders force ustaxpayers to pay for israel's horrors to children, youth, families
even though the movie selections are managed directly by the network, you can view their schedule to find the content you like.^jh
something has changed! my whole family notices!!
shlaf send jimmy your ankle toughness he needs your energy right now word to my moms!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
greatest dad of all time //
same. about to walk to peet's.
if it was a combination coffee house / foot fetish store, it would be peet's peets.
i also think hillary needs different surrogates. &amp; i think she incorrectly thinks barack/michelle are going to win her all the black votes.
you see this? thoughts?
y'all still ain't gonna fess up you allude that is a free zone, &amp; gonna give y'all a bye on that?
interesting how the so-called no longer believe in the truth!
- at least 29 injured - second device found - "intentional" act but no evidence of terror link live:
but it is a terrorist attack, d'blasio has a way with words. same thing.
yeah console is a tough one. but that game was on every platform. looks like you can still get mac or pc versions (maybe)
worried it would be super broken on windows 10, but will look into it
still watching that disney character losing an arm video?...haha
hahahaha thanks for reminding me
i would die for them yet here i was fuckin around smh
why would their asses only play 1 california date like idgi
but dogs are his friends.
he thinks they are, but it is just because his parents tie a pork chop around his neck.
i wish i was conscious when my grandma made this recipe. then i'd really know how it was done. :-(
but all i have is her handwriting, her cursive, a lovely shadow cast by a great, loving hand.
one definitely for the books
thanks trin! love ya
a vote for is a vote for hillary. stop making excuses.
a vote for stein, johnson or killary is a vote for killary! cruz is finished, get over it.
gabbert's qb rating is over 100, but he's killing the offense with poor accuracy, rushed mechanics.
blaine being blaine - any evidence he's ever been able to calm down enough to deliver the ball consistently?
less than 500 tickets remain for the rematch! order now at
fewer than
i was down on east houston where life moved on as normal
we were actually near you-and later met those people. yep-it was business as usual!
"why is the water blue, why is the toilet white?"
. why is orange &amp; why isn't moderating a debate?
figures isis the goddess again
? isis are followers of allah. still bitter from god's everlasting covenant made to isaac and not ishmael. see genesis 17:19
ah, so "move on" on *race, but fact-challenged conspiracy theories debunked by the fbi are all good, yeah? copy.
keep the sanity coming, joy. we need more!!
unathi will also be performing at want to join her? buy your tickets here
brand new tune africa
probably the best bang for the buck is the samsung ks8000. they've been having deals on it frequently.
darrin you sold me on it. gonna be making moves i think to get it
for me, min/maxing that didn't seem worth it, especially since amazon rewards is chase-backed and i'm already on chase.
(also a lot of the bars i drink at count as restaurants so i'm getting 2% back there which wouldn't get with store card)
revelations speaks to this.
what does revalations say about trump?
my dad saved a mans life tonight and i've never been so amazed by anything in my life
how he do it
uh-oh: garoppolo hurt. right shoulder. trouble.
never heard of the backup. praying he'll be back in 2nd half.
ugh. i know. i want to be more wrong
i love it when you are so, so right
this election season has proven that clearly a whole lot of american hasn't gotten on board with any kind of justice.
i would rather keep what gains we've made than knowingly toss them out the window cause of issues with the candidate who'll keep them
shlaf send jimmy your ankle toughness he needs your energy right now word to my moms!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this game just got stressful
depends on vcr model. maybe plug the video output into the input to be sure? test some variations on uninportant tapes 2learn?
yeah i figured it would be different vcr to vcr just thought id tweet generally about it. i just wanna dub this album on some vhs
"read up on your history. it matters. we've got to get people to vote." -:
is she talking about illegals &amp; criminals?
i meant from like friday afternoon to monday morning. it adds up.
yeah that's 70 back home mannnn whaaat
i understand you's a fan but like understand the difference between seeing me at "concert" to seeing me having fun at an after party....
i met you at sf at the independent with disclosure ... you were chill
i'm sorry but the fall food flavor scented candles smell disgusting
only scents that give me a headache
why must you always hop on some shit !!
cause its on my tl
(also a lot of the bars i drink at count as restaurants so i'm getting 2% back there which wouldn't get with store card)
i don't know why i even tried to jump in with advice, all this is so dependent on personal spending habits!
i pretty much relate to everything britt puts up lmfao
wow liz what a copy cat lol
they keep on lying.
if they say it enough it becomes truth.
coffee just tastes better on sundays.
then every day is a sunday for me
never--but then i didn't know the media would go full blown trump
they seem to be pushing back, but who knows how that will run.
not just structure: fire exiting + suppression, thermal comfort, plumbing, soundproofing etc
i lived in an 1890s arts &amp; crafts house in columbus. i'd say it was well made, but fuck horsehair.
lmao i needed somewhere to vent because you drive me crazy
don't talk to me anymore. you fake ass mushroom.
with all the issues going on in our country and europe, asia, fns gives 15 minutes this morning to george clooney...wow
why clooney? trump said "well he isn't like cary grant!"
300,00 dead in syria. same syria clinton and obama said, assad has to go.
i was talking about american dead. lesson of iraq is that u.s. should not try to "fix" all world problems with our own dead &amp; money
because it's the appropriate time to start. a few leaves have been on the ground. you're allowed.
u right. i can't wait for christmas
absolutely blessed to have angel because she lets me vent and always reminds me that im doing something right for once
i call her time to time to for that same reason
even though the movie selections are managed directly by the network, you can view their schedule to find the content you like.^jh
movies from the 80s? come on, $250 a month ain't pocket change
pretty cool experience at the mall of america today! andre dawson has a beautiful autograph!
fan for life andre was the man still is i see
one has to begin to believe there's an effort to free terrorists so they can get back to work terrorizing the world.
obamas army
gov. chris christie (r-nj), a trump adviser, says senator kaine should be "ashamed of himself" for saying donald...
ditto!!! we are sick of you and the 'birther' so called issue! put it to bed chris!! donald trump is the best!!!
ima be at work ima try to hook it up on my phone tho. pops said there's a way to do that.
there is a way i just don't know how , lol i was gonna say lets hit this bar and watch the game
now wear iiiiiit with a spectacular ooooutfiiiiiiiiit!
that's the only type of outfit she has
cam newton is huge, but armstead and buckner are huger. if had an accurate qb, this would be a blowout sf win.
put ponder in the second half
so idea is most popular recent republican governors of battleground states should run as independents? great plan.
lets have a party when the penis him up his rear end, stupid.
to paraphrase this is
we could use more rural photos from other states as well!
one of my pet dreams is to drive across the usa alone in a pink ford truck, staying at seedy motels, buying whisky miniatures and writing.
then redoing it, a similar route at least, using public transit only. imagine the yield potential. but this is something i'll never do.
super glad we got rid of andy lee for a rookie last year to save york $500k and be $49.5m under cap instead of just $49m even
word was his child needed to be near a specific hospital in cle at the time
my parents have never been able to tie a knot, so the joke is on you.
so the derpy apple didn't fall far from the tree, i think the genetic joke is on you.
please, contact the is looking for to hang
every 4 years invoke , then put him away, only 2 repeat cycle
best friend appreciation bc i miss you &amp; you're too far away! but i know your killing it in the big
ugh i miss you so much!! i know you are kickin ass at uncc but come frikin visit meeeee
duh. the avenue is a baltimore dance lol
oh girl i know
agree w/ , universal broadband &amp; content is strategic for all countries, @ commission
we'll achieve this as soon as we seize the means of production &amp;distribution.
i had a glass of water instead of coffee this morning like some sort of health nut
* , i went the other direction. h/t:
facts! rt : eli has been perfect this game..... the receivers and oline has let him down
don't for the rb's too
americans, do not allow trump to divide us. we are all immigrants. that has always been our strength. we are
and we need to stop letting him divide liberals. liberals and progressives are at war with each other over hrc.
unathi will also be performing at want to join her? buy your tickets here
brand new tune
the fix for this should be out in a couple days.
sorry for the problems michael!
why doesn't sanctimonious obama resettle some syrians &amp; somalis at the white house?--let's see how well michelle &amp; the kids react
exactly would love to c that happen dinesh
he put some pics up really nice with a matching curved sound bar awesome setup
yeah my wife likes tv too much so i need something for the mancave
eff everyone who made fun of my curly hair during middle school.
thissssssssssss
trump: robert gates 'probably has a problem that we don't know about' | thehill
the ignoramus of the century thinks that offending ppl makes for factual truth. phew!
omg! guilt trip much? desperate? obama: it will be 'personal insult' if black community doesn't turn out for clinton
i wonder if his subliminal message is that the personal insult is having hillary in charge of his "progress"
frankly i think the reason it's hard to get hillary elected is because she doesn't really offer radical change
that may be it for a certain group but it's not across the board. most americans don't want that.that's just bernie supporters.
i didn't like that 3rd down d from niners &amp; it cost us huge in field position damn
sacred heart "up the middle" play...
i call bullshit on the tumblr confession only because i can't believe a gay person would use the word homosexual to describe themself
when speaking to the general public, i've only ever heard someone refer to themselves as gay, bi, or queer.
also, check if your work has an epp with samsung. they've got some great deals for that model direct from samsung.
will do that , i think we do
i can't wait to smash a pie in 's face and see him wear that msu football jersey on espn's !
when will you be in bristol to collect on your bet? want to make sure i don't miss that episode.
welcome to at
will stop by. say hello to the jnj guys !
urge to stop mincing words -placing bomb on public street is an act of terrorism irrespective of terrorist's motives
why are you attempting to fear monger?
avocados i don't like them alone (can u even eat them like that?) but i love guacamole so it's all good
i eat them with a spoon
how does texas drop 10 spots after losing to a p5 team on the road, to a team that only lost to sdsu, who is now also ranked?
both teams looked very flawed, plus notre dame looked bad.
thanks for coming through bro
can't wait to see and hear more dude
. as you leave office, could you please find it in your heart to save a few lives? .
us leadership w/o any compassion for children dishonoring all americans
im told he's going to end terrorism!! okaayyy!
scary thing is that i bet many trump supporters believe this. they think trump can dust off "shock &amp; awe" to do it. ignorance.
frankly i think the reason it's hard to get hillary elected is because she doesn't really offer radical change
let me qualify. they may want change but realize it won't happen in this political climate.
halftime tweets......let's go
zampese was getting out-schemed with back against the wall. much better with room to work
jacoby brissett is no jimmy garoppolo. incomplete to edelman. punt coming
tb12 doesn't get enough credit for how tough he is! jimmy g is good but he's no brady. jimmy g is fragile just like romo
what's the penalty going to be for republican voters who don't back trump?
great reince, 2 level headed republicans, (one a popular governor in must win state)out, &amp; loonies in.
also do you really think we decorate everything in rainbow flags? whoever wrote this thinks gay people are just hot teletubbies
why not images of queer defiance/rioting? why the same fucking stock image of the castro pride flag on market/18th?
best spot in berkeley to celebrate ? bongo burger? smart alec's? oscar's (to go a little old school)?
i'll go even more old school on you : giant burger on euclid!
say what? tim kaine says the fact that isis now attacks western cities is proof of how well we're doing in beating them on the battlefield
yea got that right! laughable!!!
don't offer next day air if you can't commit
it's "next day air" once it's been "processed." it's always been a lie. like santa.
just saw this pic from last night. this poor woman looks worn out.
good god, why is she doing this??
shout out to all my homies who are letting me know they're watching the game right now
hey im watching it too
exclaiming "mr. bennett!" pride and prejudice-style whenever catches a td.
this a good intersection of my interests
did you all have what meg ryan was having at katz's deli? :)
~ well... ( hey, what happens in katz's staaaays in katz's. )
oline has been a bit disappointing today as well.
when isn't it? i heard somebody say how good they are?!
: candidates refer to nyc blast as bomb but takes brunt of media criticism
just as i called it. donald to know something happened had to hear bomb from someone else but liberal nyc politicians and press
bloomberg, however, was smart not to run. because, regardless of impact, he would forever be blamed for the consequences of a trump victory.
don't you think he would've had a great chance of winning though?
lemme see * what's your snap
bad lighting but it's deadass pink
projected scores are identical.. this might be a close one
this is the classic rivalry of our league don't expect anything less
i swear people forget about my verse by the time the reach the end of the cypher lol
next time you should open and close. the cypher is yours, aint no shame in doing the intro and outro.
i would love to give a shout to main man this guy has the heart of gold follow him !!
appreciate it, you always been a great guy. glad to be your friend d
feeling overconfident in my luck so i bought white pants
what back-alley illegal trouser dealer did you have to debase yourself for to buy white pants after labor day?
oh i thought you helped him with the draft
na all he did was text me asking if someone was good
tommy garoppolo? jimmy g has already thrown 3 td passes. 21-0, best team in the nfl.
you're ready to crown him after 1 full gane, and a half of a second?
gday bro and all
oh yeah
there's so much wrong in this article. between strongarm sales and borrowing desktop machines, nothing feels kosher
the article is almost a year old. has anyone heard anything about it yet?
the device went off in front of the home for the visually impaired.
(still symbolically a gay area) does visually impaired insinuate leftists? do you mean physically impaired not mentally impaired?
i miss you too! i was thinking about you the other day n it inspired me to get dark red lipstick lol
aww!! we need to hang out soon.
i love american bars. sitting at the bar watching a game or getting food/drinks etc is brilliant.
no it was cool. i sort of felt i was in real america, away from the hustle and bustle of ny.
thought u weren't listening to these bums of announcers
i'm not what did they say????
had to support family.
the chocolate chip cookie with the sea salt is a mad ting.
tea cancelled boo bye
do you really have nothing else to say but "tea cancelled"?
why not images of queer defiance/rioting? why the same fucking stock image of the castro pride flag on market/18th?
the whole thing smacks of the same assumptions when white people tried to frame blm for vandalism, calling them "crackers."
let's have a rainy day giveaway! follow and retweet for your chance to win an amazon gift card!
throwing my name into the hat! check it out
how much should i cut 1 or 2 inches?
1/2 cause they'll cut 3
not voting or voting for third party is a vote for trump. ralf nader unwittingly elected bush over gore in 2000
block omg ... another hillbot paid with $$ from celeb fundraisers
i need to stop making such good burgers, i can't order them at restaurants now cos mine are better xd
i feel you there.. i rather eat my burgers over any restaurants.
are you worried?
about jimmy g? yes. about this game? dolphins suck, hell no.
breaking! cuomo: it's terrorism "but not international terrorism" via
we don't know that
86% of democrats say america will be "damaged beyond repair" if trump wins. 83% of republicans say same of hillary.
culturally, the country is already beyond repair.
if you're going the mall kiosk food proposal route, at least do it via auntie anne's
got tons of those in penn station and they're great!!! used to be right by cinnabon!
i can't believe i forgot to mention paramedics. yes, they too are doing great work in expanded practices
really sorry i had to leave your session. damn masterclass. will touch base later?
this is more of my moves
i think you can hit the whip harder than that tho
i love yal niggas but bee ain't eating nobody ass ; give a fuck if diamonds and gold karats come out that bish
lots and lots of nutrients lies within the booty hole tho you sleep smhhhhh.. lmao
about to go listen cuz i'm always here for discovering good music
yes!! you will not be disappointed
i love that pic.. i see myself in the picture..
yes rach youre there too!
can't go the distance soul is rotten h is 4 sale america
omg she better give up lmao!!!
a very interesting take from :
media props up hillary..
fam this texans defense facing a 3rd string qb next week
patriots seem like they'll be gucci no matter what qb that put in tho lol
hello gz, thanks my friend
anytime welcome
and a second birthday greeting is in order! this time for of . enjoy rehearsal today, paco!
glad to be spending today working when it's this much fun
idk. been acting iffy since you been in ny lol
you knoow you're not the 1st to tell me this lol, i feel like this city is slowly changing me. a lot of dumb people out here
can we all go to a game tho ?
so down! but it has to be an a's or raiders game only lol
that and a couple beers and a sandwich? that's a sunday right there
i was picked as part of the show. bring beer.
busted: adam baldwin notices blatant lie in chuck todd's latest hillary clinton report
can't say bomb on an airplane...
mother teresa - a myth, a celebrity or a hero?
she is a saint....are you intentionally trying to insult catholics?
my lower back needs to be shot off
will take a headshot
espn radio has nfl doubleheader today: , noon, followed by and on -4p et.
lucky! no double header for us on east coast.
couldn't be happier with the 1st half on defense. really playing hard ball. let's keep it going in the 2nd!
but those 3 tos-they're killing my fantasy stats lol
what's your issue with a black qb?
all flash, no substance
would you like me to try them again at one point to see if my taste buds have changed
only if you want to
in the days of blues they sang from the heart, touching the soul oh, so gently... -annyash a. pic: ethel waters
sweet momma stringbean. she was a queen.
history can be made or it can make you. premieres wednesday at 10|9c.
oh yeah!!! i. cannot. wait!
is the store app on the xbox one a hopelessly slow, broken mess for everyone or am i just lucky like that
yep. i never know what i'm clicking on. i only want to see and buy games.
you look awesome with that cigar
uhh, that's actually my wife
let's do this - 1st stop: brunch at jane's
randomly came across the mexican parade
the female prisoner scorpion movies &amp; battles without honour and humanity: deadly fight in hiroshima
ah cool, two big box sets i've ogled but cannot quite afford
not in mass ...soccer is on there
oh i thought u was in ny..
daaamn! let's take a reign check &amp; go when they play the chargers
it's lit sounds like a plan
next offseason will be crucial. hoping harvey and wheeler pitch well enough to get flipped for some farm.
i dont think theyd ever flip harvey or wheeler. they know how dominant the big 5 can b
the nimbyism and classism on my local nextdoor group is too much this morning.
what's the topic of the day? co-ops? attention homes?
eight injured in minnesota mall stabbing; suspect reportedly made references to 'allah'
omg yes 2 sad. was in nyc last nite &amp; 9/11, flashbacks of evil killery and and obama dems mama fault - corruption @ its best
he said the word bomb. no, really, that's literally all he said.
that bastard!
oh i see but yo the dolphins need to step up man.. i thought their was hope from week 1
i swear there's hope every year week one untill they prove me wrong
me: did you make the bed this morning? james : of course. (two men. two very different ideas of "making the bed")
public humiliation of a spouse, is never a good idea. cherish the things he does well, don't focus on the things he doesn't.
i'm directing something really special in tahiti for 10 straight days. once i have more info i'll share it with u guys!!
good luck
on mobile you have to download the app the website is if you are on a pc ^gkc
right. i have the app. when i open it i see this page
in "shock" after fire wipes out country store this am. story tonight at 6pm after football on
no way! we that place.
thanks! yea here for the day, would be great to learn about !
for sure. what's your best email and we can find a time to connect? here tomorrow also.
they retweeted your tweet! ahhh, im so happy for you!
im shaking so hard right now
every police union in us ought to support this. time for us to "freely express" cops need to take a knee on the nfl.
they need to stay in locker until national anthem is over. agreed police should not work games
u in chicago?
back in ny king
no ravens fan should speak at all today.. just go jerk off to your pics of ray lewis or joe flacco and stay quiet
that's mean!
daaamn! let's take a reign check &amp; go when they play the chargers
we damn near need to find some tickets
heading into the blackhole at the oakland raiders. game with the falcons.
enjoy two of greats - &amp; - i miss them in crimson. have fun!
yeah, linux on ps3 worked out really well. :p
i'm just saying, there's obviously a more nuanced position than "fuck the customer". they didn't do ms's always-online thing.
how many fumbles can the chiefs have today?
save some for next week!
why bring race into it?
dude it's a fucking joke. gone somewhere
i needa go to a couple raider games this year!!
come with me!
i love working sundays at the beer store. all i do is relax and get in a few day drinking brews
this shit is gonna be 1000x better in like a month when it's a bar
ah, i went to georgetown and despise penn state, but enjoy your fairytale
why are you even talking about this?
the stupidity of the "5 innings for a starter's win" was just underscored again in ny. ynoa: 4.2, 8k 1w 4h 1er. some reliever would get a w.
i don't understand why tc would let him pitch to one more batter a .229 hitter
vinegar? not salad cream anyway!
i would tend towards sauvignon blanc vinegar personally but i'm also choosy abt my mayo.
the police are now tasked with enforcing their idea of patriotism?
american patriotism: unflinching loyalty to the powers that be under all circumstances
one in four french muslims in 'revolt' against secular laws
sure, but they will still slit your throat for trying to stop sharia.
i've been in nyc for an hour and it really does smell like poop in certain places lol
so many good photo opoortunities tho.
lrt: glad i grew up in a time where i could sit during the daily school pledge and play the ds i snuck in
i once gave our teacher my ds to play while , dalton, and i snuck off to do other things. good times.
i'm done. i can't get into bernie's pie in the sky proposals. and the fact that nothing would have passed congress.
i don't agree w/hillary on a lot. i despise obama's education policy w/ all my being. but we live in a pluralistic society. we're not silos.
where are consumers? must look at ppl's needs, wants, desires along w market data. called
i would imagine it's in the "do your brand research &amp; create your mission statement" area of colin's post
well u aint gotta say nothin! woe is me &gt; the beatles
sammie u cuck dont troll me also fuck the beatles
"there is an 'otherness' to this president" -- on , sinking to sickening depths to try to defend trump's birtherism
-there it is. castellano is a racist. you lost by 9m &amp; 4.5m votes; respect that man. disgusting people
i'm voting for centrist-right war criminal who accepted donations from the private prison lobby
wtf? really? vote stein eve
had to step out my taxi and walk home because of this bomb that just blew up in chelsea. insane!
i didn't even know u lived in nyc. how come i haven't ran into you?
. her problems with transparency &amp; trustworthiness have only worsened.
yes, trump is quite open about his treasonous ass-kissing of putin, hatred of our generals, &amp; courting of alt-right racists
spent the last 24 hours processing my last visit to round 1 erm last night, after not going for a long while.
i'm pretty much doing the same.
chicks will deadass stare you down with the most uninviting looks ever on their faces and assume you know they want you to come speak. lmao
and the ones who give you a liitle smile don't want you talking to them
i miss these!!
if you're in nyc, let me know. we can grab some bubble tea
this thursday
omg!!! thank you!
my glad bag just buss . i
inspires me to go back to beaches to get that photo with cookie monster.
crux has trouble understanding emotions and inner conflicts and dosnt know how to vocalize his fustration any other way...
should attempt to discuss it with other crux! may gain new perspectives
well, except the native americans/first nations who may have migrated but are not "immigrants"
first people are the real protectors of our earth. we need to follow their lead.
this should be your goals. one of the best days of my life.
haha omg that is amazing. i wanted to go back there and hug the dude who made mine tbh. someday soon it'll happen no doubt
if you listen to "metalcore" in 2016 you need to go back and listen to these records. all came out in 2004/2005...so dope
all you young kids and your "metalcore" don't know what real music is
spent the last 24 hours processing my last visit to round 1 erm last night, after not going for a long while.
after seeing everything, now i know how truly dysfunctional it all is.
mark bavarro, harry carson, carl banks and george martin repping the 86 boys. ny legends-gm
then and now, they repped big blue well! thanks guys!
this may be my new fall look. from the collection at k-mart. my leather jacket game would be strong
grease is the word!
oooooh hellooo happy brithday i hope today is great
oh helloooooo poopsy thank you
man let that hurt go man
am i lying though mount. be real you thought we was coming back.
so sad that ai's pad-si-ew sold out earlier so fast
. oh no! sorry she sold out before you could order. what about tomorrow's drunken noodles or wednesday's tom yum?
oof, yum! did you crush that whole thing?
half of it! it was dynamite! also came with mohito, margerita (frozen option), sangria, beer, or wine. + coffee and tea!
nobody cares about birtherism or who started it. just who can lead us better.
wrong! lots of people take great offense at it.
yep, we'll have both versions runnable in tandem, so you can take your time and migrate one route at a time.
not against breaking changes; just not fair to say it versions like react while ignoring critical parts of the post.
what's even more disturbing is that, that black man in the video has to make this chair brand new, so someone can buy it.
i don't ever want to hear any non-black person tell us black people to get over slavery because now you're really gonna catch these hands.
that 70s show was the best 90s-00 sitcom ever. fight me. (not rly i'm a baby seal love what ya love.)
i always considered that 70s show a 00s show &amp; friends a 90s show so we can agree that they are queens of their decades
gabriel ynoa throws 4.2 ip with 8 k and 1 run allowed in first mlb start, but he can't win the game.
one more batter? .229 hitter coming up. very strange
congratulations to these 51 who are ready to of and make an impact!
awesome program for young women trailblazers going into tech!
if bethea can't guard olsen. period.. put d johnson at safety when you wanna bring pressure
terrible eyes
yes, but can you install it now without being a member of the airforce trying to keep their new super computer safe?
no, but why would you? and if you needed it, you could just not update. it didn't affect 99.999% of people.
daybreak in wickford, ri...
my son is at brown, go on up and say hi, he will take you out to lunch.
lots of cards offer 2% on dining/travel/etc &amp; 1% on misc. i have freedom unlimited too, which is 2% on misc. winner combo.
oh yeah, if you're gonna do multiple cards there's all sorts of ways to optimize this; i'm stalwartly single-carded.
it would be a damn shame if the mets let another team take cespedes. give the man whatever the hell he wants.
i have faith in sandy...he wants to keep winning
indo friend copd some bay shit
thats sooooooo cute
kaine believes in redemption...
kaine should have denounced the statement completely
i was in nyc last night. met people on subway who were 5 blocks from explosion+heard blast well-glad to hear injured released from hospital.
we were stuck in traffic on west side hwy when bomb truck passed en route to the scene. very glad that all were released!
salt and pepper chicken wings with the red chillin? bruh
red chili sounds super fancy lol the only type of spice usually comes from packet hit sauce and that taste mad weird.
nahhh yall was talking about how yall didn't need him n shit!!
this bradberry kid keeps getting mixed smh
you've a bag of 100 marbles. you remove 95. they're all red. what color are the remaining 5? you'd be illogical to believe anything but red.
anti-semitism is the red marble of history. if you justify undoing israel because as judt said zionism is an anachronism, you are utopian.
diana's bout to kill it at the world cup good luck c!
thanks bff you da best!! not sure how i feel about retweeting this tho
new post: fear of dying etc.: weekly readers mailbag, september 18, 2016
i look at barabbas story as publicanger over jesus' false hope- like obama, need action
na i still have it lmao
yo but then wassup i'm trynna get that
you did this?
yessir! everything except moving and racking the servers.
band!! 1... 2... 3... 4 !!!
her live though !!!
hopefully harry just sprained himself, but it looked baaaaaaaaad.
son would be an acceptable stopgap but not sure how i'd feel about long stretches with janssen up top
i was gettin turnt when they played me vale, i wanna mosh to that song always :( but being in rows doesn't let me lol
i need a dj to play it at rap show, fuck it ima dj and play it
what's a customer experience escalation?
guessing just next level customer experience/success? tbh, not quite sure. probably should've just said customer experience.
i've read bad documentation. but now i can't watch a tutorial because i'm on the "wrong" browser. fuck off, apple.
didn't see the picture, just the truncated ios notification. immediately knew you were talking about .
why did he come out?
dozier hit a 2out single. he only had about 75 pitches
nothing gets the patriotic blood pumping like a classroom full of exhausted kids half-chanting the pledge of allegiance at 8am every morning
false, you seem to be forgetting the army band assembly where they played fall out boy covers.
this is the most impassioned i have ever seen president obama, and everyone needs to watch it.
opposition to all we've done? -funding &amp; creating isis -giving $150b in nukes to iran -obamacare yes, we oppose.
free! can't afford to pay cause it's $8 per user per month and that's more than i make
word i was wondering that. have there been any issues / worries with the message limits? i'm considering the same
newly contacted general agents heading to new haven this week for management school. always a great week.
looking forward to a great week!
i'm legit jealous of writing, like how is it so perfect!?
i'm a little jealous of it too
you also said their foundation was helping worldwide. i think syria would not be thanking her.
nor will they thank trump and the republicans who refuse to take in syrian refugees.
who wore it better?
that's a toughie, who's on the right? is it lil miss bloo?
not in n ireland they're not-they drink 's milk straight after the are milked.
calves drink mother's milk that we carefully measure for them
i'm getting used to the non-physical home button on iphone 7. but i'm constantly reminded of a parallel to another new interface, 3d touch.
i played w it yesterday and was unexpectedly pretty into it
do you normally wish for people to be sick?
i would rather him be sick than get injured in a preseason tournament.
jim everett is the all-time passing leader. was the starter (1986-93) &amp; was a game away from the .
he also beat up jim rhome and taught all journalist never to mess with big athletes
wittgenstein didn't believe in anything, therefore he didn't believe in gravity either.
i bet if he jumped off a high cliff he would have become a believer before he hit!
yep. need to teach kids to fail and that that's not only ok, it's a good thing
agreed, and i actually think there's more to it than just that. schools rarely embrace the joy of learning &amp; knowing
lmaooooo to throw back with the ima dunning
facts so u eve still do that presentation in training ?
inside out is the most heart-wrenching movie ever about a kid who actually has it pretty good
does every movie have o be about a kid who has it real bad
everything is so crappy someone help me how to deal w life please
i love you n miss you cheer up
unathi will also be performing at want to join her? buy your tickets here
brand new tune star
hate when both games are at commercial at the same time
it's even worse using nfl redzone when almost all of them are at the same time....so you get to watch chris hanson talk lol
holy cripes
very impressive
bro i wasn't even tweeting at first.. i been off twitter i just got back on yesterday..
yeah where the fuck you been i been meaning to ask.
guys, i'm having a very hard time. today, i need you to make me laugh.
check out 's tweet:
chris christie: " it's not true that [trump] kept [birtherism] up for five years." governor, it is 100 percent true.
total indifference to the truth makes it easy to argue anything!
so they can block a candidate they find unacceptable. huh.
just like the dnc, ask , talk about mafia tactics,
hahahah thank you for blessing us with that first picture
lol my pleasure i miss you!!!
okay but you on defense??? you were never a fan of contact
bruh they made me play both sides of the ball
him being selfish was lame
that sequence was baaaad, and could have cost 2 points
": : the average refugee stays in camps- 17yrs: " sad statistic- 1 that can change!
it definitely can and it starts with us.
absolutely.. and if you're not busy tuesday lunchtime, we can find on a tv some place :)
i'm presenting tuesday lunchtime :( con7313: how oracle e-business suite customers achieved modern reporting in the cloud
bro all they need is a nice quarterback that used jarvis landry correctly.. i'm surprised jarvis hadn't left yet
he's still in the first contract , he'll probably leave soon
that's awesome!! you has nice humans!
uz iz nice tu, just tell momma tu carty a lil blanket or baby pad to sit on in da shopping cart. no questions asked ; d
the narrative around acceptable and non-acceptable violence becomes very clear if you consider response to vs nyc day to day.
violence and traumatic death is a regular occurrence in nyc: police brutality, domestic abuse, an overwhelming population of homeless poc,
obama told black people "i will consider it a personal insult, an insult to my legacy" if we don't vote for hillary. what legacy? neglect?
you speaking facts black man.
my fave mutual just followed me back on his new account it's lit. what a nice sunday.
well now he's my fave mutual, @ first he was just my fave tweeter
these people are doing inspiring work! on the transformative power of education for refugees
as a refugee myself i can attest: orgs who took special interest in my education growing up totally changed my life
access to education is a universal need and challenge.
a challenge that requires everyone to act and champion for a good cause
bugs bunny was trolling before it was cool
i thought the hashtag was , not !
welcome back to twtr
haha def one of those people who only tweets when things are great or terrible
sunday's are my days off from school and volleyball but those are the days i run all my errands and drown in hw so is it really a day off
this is so fricking accurate
i've been having to explain this to other millennials as well in my state(nc)johnson is from pulling hillary
we need to keep doing it.
most ppl don't know about that. respek
that tape and comeback season are classics i know all about that. old school drizzy. listen to come winter by drake if u havent yet
this is the most tired joke on twitter
i laugh at a lot of overplayed internet jokes. this one is so bad though
video : hillary surrogate rendered speechless when asked, "would you take a hammer to your blackberry?"
a little too much emphasis on 'taxpayer dollars' for a libtard. rings hollow.
i was being hyperbolic about not understanding. i mean i get the "why" just wish it wasn't something so pervasive is all. you know?
i do. i get what you're saying. i'm just exhausted as a 52 year old brown woman raising a teenage girl trying to explain.
franks's field goal is good. patriots lead 24-3.
3 pts for a team that looks like they'll only get 3 wins.
if it does turn out to be an islamist attack in nyc it will be hard to ignore that gay people were once again the target.
an uninformed terrorist...hell's kitchen is the new chelsea - and that corner especially is not. maybe 15 years ago
hah, looks like *someone* believes in gravity. nice try buddy. falling apples, what a joke.
enjoy your next floating session off a high cliff....
meanwhile, the rams might let jared goff ride on the team bus today.
tell jared the sun sets in the west, everyday, and the wheels on the bus go round and round. round and round.
you got me there
... sent from the "nice" lady who retweeted this.
what happened to app used to be solid as a rock, now it's super buggy and can't ever find a feed
boy picked a fall football sunday to be out of commission? servers should be ready to scale
haven't checked. was one of them auburn? (i bet one of them was auburn.)
i probably shouldn't say.....
kobe, love you and all but it's my year.
happy birthday young god
honestly part of the reason i just restore a backup. never run into those problems anymore.
think you are misunderstanding. did restore from backup. icloud indexes pics for a long time
the love fest for hamilton by &amp; is nauseating!
ystrdy told we hate ham! praise all other driversros, vet etc but not him. show him no respect!! which is it? it's opinion
don't forget... dolphins deferred til the second half. they're going to try now.
all part of their plan. not sure what plan that is, however.
guys, i'm having a very hard time. today, i need you to make me laugh.
check out 's tweet:
who invited me ...
i had it on my snap plus i peeped you said sum shit about a/c last night so i thought you had plans already
you're making that up whereas i provide documentation. here's more
just showed yr daily caller/federalist story was bs.try finding flaw here:
_animaladvocate: in industry &amp; are separated this is what happens when they are reunited go #...
ok but u are not noticing the calf is a different breed than the supposed mother.
you are literally so pretty it's unfair
stop! look who's talking! you're literally a goddess
honestly part of the reason i just restore a backup. never run into those problems anymore.
setting up as new wouldn't have those issues
lmao the last one
always makin us cry w ur beautiful voice
thanks for the history lesson that we all leant reading john 18. your point?
but u claimed, "it was the romans who killed christ." when in actuality, it was the jews who killed christ.
dept of obviousology: a bomb goes off in nyc &amp; is under being chastised in the media for calling it a "bombing"
the lying, crook democraps 4 u. @ 9/11 &amp; in city last night. brought back horrific flashbacks.
it you ever doubt the greatness of prince as a guitarist. watch him rip the solo on "while my guitar gently weeps" on youtube.
loved that :)
out here getting slayed by
her outfit tho
thinking intently about what my spoopy halloween name should be this year.
hound of the baumanvilles
girl. tell me about it. ny made me such an angry person. so much hate.
i'm sayin! i understand why nykers so grumpy now shit i'd b mad too dealing with this much ignorance on the day by day basis
rnc chairman: party could penalize former gop candidates who don't endorse donald trump
all bark no bite! just like the media when this happened
_animaladvocate: in industry &amp; are separated this is what happens when they are reunited go #...
plus the pen is so small, this does not seem like a good place for cows
jules is here pulling every excuse from the book to defend the dolphins
they're garbage.
exactly my point ---trumpsters are going too far ---targeting liberal cities to push their fear campaign
so it was trumpsters down the jersey shore yesterday and in minnesota stabbing patrons in the mall also ?
yes! also i need to memorialize in case i never look that good again.
for sure. also great for inspiration when having a bad selfie day
i share a birthday with my---i mean our fav quarterback
but it's currently mine soooo
theres always gon be someone prettier, funnier, &amp; smarter than u but if ur secure within urself allat don't even matter
no one is better than you &amp; don't let no one tell u anything different
oh yeah..i'm watching
17/10 at half
new understanding of why materials for ultrasound and other apps are much better the...
(cont) ornl's michael manley et al discover key to piezoelectric excellence in relaxor-based ferroelectrics
i don't know about you, i fall up.
very cool trick.
people who work on policy deal w/ abstract ideas that come back to human stories:
hey - i'm on the other side of the hall :)
i would pick all of your photos
lol same tbh i'd pick all of yours too
told you that be the weakest shit stg
bro this is some whole "kennywood sh*"
greater montreal zone, act 1
wheres that
sad, twig arms degrades females because a he's a loser twig. sad!
hahah cause the size a persons arms matter, do the steroids make your balls smaller?
bombs in &amp; nj "allah" stabbing in st. cloud hillary's plan: keep border open. import more muslims. ban your gun. insane.
paid off by muslim countries who do not want them.
i love the obamas but pres o is pissing me off with the shaming and lectures. black people arent voting for trump
sadly, some are thinking of voting for trump......
during the race you inferred you were afraid of heights. did it bother you to stand on top of the podium?
not one bit, funnily enough
it's catching on!!!
who'd have thunk &amp; on the same page!!!
lol but what if you're so drunk you become unconscious and someone decides to take advantage of that? are you responsible?
is the woman 'responsible'? it depends how u define 'responsibility'. if she becomes pregnant, she will have a baby inside her
or like if you know who this driver is
this is none other other than the " dinger" aj almendinger.
im assuming everyone watching the pats game got direct tv
i got this link... but you have to close 2 popup
this week, we are listening to:
thanks for the shout out!
i should definitely recreate this video
i would love to see that
im dead... those are some weird formations too!?
it's cali ball
police picking and choosing who they want to protect is another reason to keep kneeling
just another reason for dumbfuck a like you to keep stiring shit up
i saw the same thing.. looks like he was set on sitting on the out route.. he guessed wrong lol
dead feet, bad eyes always equals bad ending. the real issue was the tv announcer saying cam hadn't hooked up with olsen yet
lol but what if you're so drunk you become unconscious and someone decides to take advantage of that? are you responsible?
if someone is drinking to point of unconsciousness, that's a rare thing.
i really don't want to go school
its alrighttt
may i please sit next to adolf?
why not stalin or mao?
more 2 celebr8 2nite n nyc: w this week moved up 3 more spots 2 r new peak position of
after watching your performance on the today show all i can say is stick to acting because as a singer you suck!
priebus: rnc could block kasich and bush from running again if they don't back trump
because democracy...
molly honey... you coulda used water ...
or even some half and half
is if she can't make it through a ceremony how can she run usa?
only so long media can prop up a shell
i also think hillary needs different surrogates. &amp; i think she incorrectly thinks barack/michelle are going to win her all the black votes.
i honestly don't think hillary thinks that. but i do agree w/ regard to surrogates.
guys, i'm having a very hard time. today, i need you to make me laugh.
check out 's tweet:
excellent! on persuasion &amp; how to diffuse defensiveness. great for visitation &amp; getting decisions!
persuasion of the heart through the
mines not working for some reason
yikes! hit up the cable company, need that!
so it was trumpsters down the jersey shore yesterday and in minnesota stabbing patrons in the mall also ?
ain't nothing wrong what trump said stay strong smart and vigilant but you have your narrative to play out
lyft's predicting that private car ownership will pretty much end in u.s. cities by 2025:
thank you so much for this john. so thoughtful. so well written. so on point. and so fuckkng exciting!
violence and traumatic death is a regular occurrence in nyc: police brutality, domestic abuse, an overwhelming population of homeless poc,
regular shootings exacerbated by political-poverty, spates of rape and sexual assault on the street or near parks.
and trump is saint to you right?
not a saint but more honest, trustworthy, transparent, then
the (sorta famous) "voiceover" guy for - its time for some of your super voiceovers for !
we-shall we collaborate a time to produce new voice overs let me know man. cause i'd be glad to.
lowkey wish all games were 10am. this wait is killing me.
i'm in ny, i gotta wait til 4pm every week
guys, i'm having a very hard time. today, i need you to make me laugh.
hopefully, one of those help! :)
if someone is drinking to point of unconsciousness, that's a rare thing.
in theory, a woman might be raped if she drinks to the point of unconsciousness. that's why she should be careful.
i'm not wearing a bra with my dress so my n*ppl*s are offending everyone
yesterday a girl at bart pointed me out to her friend and said she wished she didn't have to wear bras and had no tiddies like me omg
i gotta give you back the book you lent me. think you told me to return it when i move to ny.. welp
nah you can keep that!
despite spacex setback, socal's aerospace industry is booming again.
spacex has gone from zero to over half the commercial launch market in four years.
why would you do that?
i wouldn't, it's kinda retarded but i think it's for tweets you want in your timeline once again.
sorry, i remember a time when sony gave a real shit about their customers, and didn't put ip protection ahead of all
i try not to assign moral views to corporations. seems fraught with peril.
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
you are the bigot not hillary. projecting again.
carr dropping 300 yards today
as long as julio and freeman combine for four touchdowns i ain't tripping
2 for which team?
that could be seen as a joke for how we scored our first two points?
if you have a problem you can take it up with my ass
buddy. on you, i can't tell if that's top of your shoulders or just above your legs.
dead body by milpitas king eggroll
near the old studio?!
nah they tweaked it's aight i was too tired to do anything anyway and i don't got you on snap
blackguuy with 2 u's
he was on short lease before the game regardless.
i figured. i guess with 8k's and two outs give him one more batte
modi in 2009 - for his bhakts who chastise us for asking him the questions he did, then
his &amp; his govt's lame non-response is as pathetic as upas. not surprising at all. with each passing day nda matches upa
trevorgowan1.col or just dm as well!
perfect i'll drop you an email for sure :) thanks so much for reaching out!
he will find them and he will kill them. taken, 8pm.
brand new tune
marin monster conquered. that straight part is 800ft/.8 miles &amp; hurts bad, but finished 7+ min faster than test run
i've biked it once. two teenage girls walking were going faster than me.
behold, the greatest feature in ios 10: instant price estimates on rideshare options:
(i am not actually going to , it just seemed the best option to quickly demonstrate the feature in maps.)
i never really liked friends.i know im the worst! but tbh they all got on my nerves in some way or the other. except chandler.
lol. i will allow you not to like it. chandler is boss. mondler is the best thing, but ross was the worst human ever
last chance ! follow, tag us &amp; use in a tweet. you can be at our la shoot.
rocking outdoor w/events screaming ? can you hear us?
it comes down to how "good" you think a team is vs. how "good" resume is
then why even play the games?
thank you for caffeinating our morning w delicious pour over .
our pleasure!
pryor is a pretty good receiver
happy belated
sweater weather here in london! it actually feels like fall and i'm so happy
i love your shoes
. her problems with transparency &amp; trustworthiness have only worsened.
how do you sleep at night? trump lies at every turn. god is watching.
yo i lost all my followers ahahahaha oh fuck this is karma for laughing at that baby falling i know it is
dont laugh at babies
manafort... putin... russian tv...
dude he fired manafort
today, if patriots need emergency qb, it would likely be julian edelman as top option. played qb at kent state before switching to wr in nfl
and that insane pass to amendola in 2014 postseason.
happy birthday to the biggest clown i know
thank u barab glir
if you have a problem you can take it up with my ass
buddy, on you, i can't tell if that's on top of your shoulders or just above your legs.
sis her album should not be on clearance racks period !
that's not an album... that's a perfume.... delusional plus can't read.
happy birthday aaron don't really know what you were doing in this
hahahah i don't even remember this but thanks bro!
sundays aren't the same without
i fucking miss yoouuu!!! fuck it up for me
regular shootings exacerbated by political-poverty, spates of rape and sexual assault on the street or near parks.
there is a lot to be said for what people deem shocking and tragic in this city, and what we are willing to simply live with.
is the woman 'responsible'? it depends how u define 'responsibility'. if she becomes pregnant, she will have a baby inside her
she is thus responsible for becoming pregnant due to her choice to drink to the point of unconsciousness.
sonicstage was the marker for me. every move since has put the user last.
oh man. that shit pile. i think you're mainly seeing tension between execs and engineers.
spacex has gone from zero to over half the commercial launch market in four years.
this is just a bizarre statement. the apartment boom was in the 80s! no one was building in the early 90s!
i'm still so jealous of your all's help desk, we basically spent a year cleaning out a shed
yeah, i spent a lot of time playing need for speed: most wanted that year. what shed?
happy birthday gorgeous enjoy your day
thanks joce
happy birthday !
happy birthday
ricotta dumplings and a perfectly designed interior at sauvage in greenpoint... /
it really is a great place. i see it doesn't have a twitter account
assume i am already working with an external build system so all i need this for is "optimize some js for perf+size"
rollup is likely gonna be best, simplest option if you're using es6
'hang the b*tch!' 'f*g!' 'n*gger!': uncensored rally videos expose donald trump's hatefest
it's disgusting to watch but you have to so can explain to ppl this is not what our country is abt
"scholars become scholars because they like books, not people. but you don't become a scholar if you don't teach." -
did she really say that out loud??? lol!!!
no. i hate when people do this. can we not have women "competing"? it sets women in opposition to each other.
and no it's not "analysis".
in theory, a woman might be raped if she drinks to the point of unconsciousness. that's why she should be careful.
but i don't believe there is an epidemic of unconscious women being raped in the us.
what artist would you like to see on our artist roster?
brooklyn based hyejina:
greenpoint stunner sauvage is the surprise of the summer
yes it really is!
just wanna say it's some straightup bullshit safety check-ins from astoria and bushwick are getting more likes than mine in actual chelsea!!
oh man somebody's gunna get a nasty ticket putting trash out on a sunday
some woman just called me a creep for spending time with cats here at the shelter. why even come? why be here? why talk to anyone?
stupid! i think it's great though! i wish i could do that but i'd take them all home cats,dogs, livestock... lol
hi babe. your avi confused me
her avi is amazing
query: has anyone started as a youtube content creator or streamer and eventually moved into the gaming industry? would love to hear stories
ran a moderately successful tech channel which led me to the contacts they got me into the industry.
best conan clip ever:
"it was most cooling on my mustache."
- i'm in los angeles watching, listening online at greater allen a.m.e. cathedral. - what a blessing!
technology is something else!
avocado: not ripe avocado: not ripe avocado: not ripe avocado: i'm ripe now avocado: okay you were in the bathroom so i rotted
most accurate tweet of 2016
happy birthday glad we bonded with dk in the library hope it's great
haha after school breakfast club is thanks dean!
the failing has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
no you are the laughingstock. have been for years. you are nyc biggest joke. better your move to nj.
giants look good today, aside from the whole giving the ball, and points away thing.
3 for 3 in giveaways. thank god we can run back blocked kicks
"there is an 'otherness' to this president" -- on , sinking to sickening depths to try to defend trump's birtherism
please put out a press release to the news media saying hrc didn't do the birther movement
but i don't believe there is an epidemic of unconscious women being raped in the us.
unconscious women certainly are not being raped inside bars &amp; nightclubs in the us.
i definitely absolutely am forgetting that, when did that happen
it might have been my freshman or sophomore year. do you remember this?
if you remove account: , power cycle: then sign back indoes that fix it? ^sk
seriously? are my expectations too high that i expect my week old $400 purchase to just work?
these people do this for the notoriety. if you don't name the criminal, he won't live in infamy. his name dies like it should.
bzzzzzz - wrong! it's political - identifying his islamic name will "upset" the many somali muslim's living in the area.
how do i best communicate to a buyer that the car i'm selling is covered in spiders.
it's say nothing, but webs keep growing out of the mirrors. they're liable to notice after a week of ownership
so they can block a candidate they find unacceptable. huh.
they must lay awake at night to think up ways to be even more fucktarded each day.
idk re "plebes" but fwiw i don't see these ads as really addressed to people who =/= already hrc base
i see them as addressed to everyone, but esp white suburban/women/college grads
you spent like $200 on gas money and toll money just to get paid $50
o frida shut the fuck up
3rd parties r cute, were you a baby in 2000?
nope worked at goldman,i'm 50 and the banks own your &amp; mine asses....done w/that fellow slavebot.
i salute to all 17 martyrs of uri. pay my sincere tribute to all.
this is not enough. it's time for absolute revenge on fuckistan. eliminate the rogue country.
josh brown 53-yard field goal is no good. wide left. giants really messing around today.
playing down to their competition. saints are pretty dreadful.
no isis claimed minnesota
let me know when trump supporters claim nyc
how long you in town?
till tuesday for work. this is a stop on the drive up to russian river.
kellyanne conway teaching trump to pretend he is human. he will discard her the moment she isn't useful, just as he will his supporters.
considering every question she's asked she says you'll have to ask me trump tells me he already has
i'm glued to the tv waiting for melania's explanation of entrance to the usa &amp; posed for nudes and did not get paid
got a rich husband out the modeling gig
instant feedback about cashiers at an almaty supermarket. excellent/good/bad
who needs online surveys!
thanks for the clarification.
that's why he gets paid the big bucks
why does it matter tbh
im just curious lol
if you know slow it down - drake then you're a true fan. that's as old school drake as it gets
am i right ???
brown misses a 53 yard fg on the first drive. wide left.
if yr gonna get to keep your roster spot after what that scumbag did at least make the kick
q2: do you actively take steps to encourage personal growth? why/ why not?
i encourage everyone to be forever students, always open to learning.
it's say nothing, but webs keep growing out of the mirrors. they're liable to notice after a week of ownership
bonus: comes with free spiders!
they are ranked assuming you are just joking here
no reason not to vote for them in fbs poll if u want.
where'd you order from? just curious
we did , but have a friend that swears by casper (i can grab a coupon code if you want!)
why you scared it might be a trump supporter disgruntled at modern america???
not scared of anything just find those comments ridiculous
what made me a fan is how nice she is her friends on social media and her personality. you can't find a one better
fact. it's like i mentioned before. her face reminds me of supergirl actress melissa benoist. in fact if dc comics.
looks a bit cramped on an iphone se screen
/shrug - nothing like that could work on a tiny screen like that
renee doing an oz accent! lol
funny good day to you two have fun and enjoy
my life dream is coming true today, i'm getting sushi
jk that's a pathetic life dream i just love sushi
are those groupies on the catwalk in the background? campus ministry done right! ;)
hahhaha! campus ministry groupies should be a thing!
the reason why freak show and hotel were flops was bc kathy bates wasn't playing the main villain
i'm so ready to see what she has to bring this season
he will find them and he will kill them. taken, 8pm.
brand new tune kadondo
kellyanne conway the epitome of a dumb blonde
the blonde stuff, not too nice - but kellyanne conway is a bold faced liar.
not gonna lie it looks weird lmao
yea like i was looking up qbs even b4 bledsoe couldn't find any lol
aww thanx! i avoided getting crucified! saying you dont like friends online is like saying you don't like oxygen; it dangerous
i mean... if you say you don't like harry potter, i will fight you but most things i'm like "alright... to each their own"
pinball ass head
you are the epitome of ugly
update: jimmy garoppolo (shoulder) is out for the rest of the game.
": update: jimmy garoppolo (shoulder) is out for the rest of the game.
idk re "plebes" but fwiw i don't see these ads as really addressed to people who =/= already hrc base
again, idk b/c i'm seeing them through my poc and progressive ny bubbles
crisis averted
late my ass
there is a lot to be said for what people deem shocking and tragic in this city, and what we are willing to simply live with.
i walked past a homeless man wrapped head to foot in a sheet in the east village. i was the only person who stopped to see if he was dead.
that smile mean go away
yep. "hi i seen you smiling at me, can i buy you a drink?" "fuck you talking to me for"
trumps only candidate who puts our veterans first!!!
oh please just pandering. never cared about them before the campaign. give it a rest.
no most autistic people are hyper focused on shit that isn't really relevant.
no, autism is closely linked to hyper-literalism.
worst sports franchise of all time tbh. most losing franchise tbh
we know that already idiot, be safe driving today don't let the roids rage get the best of you!!
would it matter even of cincy recovered? play was blown dead
lewis wanted to see who recovered. if they did, i assume he would have challenged.
it's definitely more crowded here already than the last 2 days. i'm glad i won't be around for the misfits nonsense later...
have a great time at ! here is my wall rn!
what made me a fan is how nice she is her friends on social media and her personality. you can't find a one better
ever decide to add supergirl to the big screen again. if not melissa then kenna would make a spectacular supergirl.
prophecies of hope!! entering our final week!!
you go team for jesus!!! i would love to hear your followup plan from this series
final performance of today at 3pm !
come on, how could you not want to come check this talented crew out?
tour. me. doing. it. what. crazy. im going on tour guys hopefully you can come and we can meet and hug and talk
it's about damn time
latergoing to play
ohhhhhhhh ? sounds fun
i agree...and how does a college football writer (no offense) know who is better?
how does anyone? i just don't know y u reward teams that have lost more games than they've won.
"to our beautiful followers- and i have a message for you. and to the protestors..."
"...tonight- thank you for highlighting one more time- how divided we are.if you're willing to spend your time protesting,.."
a blocked fg returned for a td?!!! the giants actually did that?!....whatttt
miracles happen when you believe
ross was like a bubonic shitty baby diaper. he made even my toe hair sad.
hahahahahahhaa. i mean... the very fact that he thought he deserved rachel meant that he didn't, for example
who wants to do events at ( authors , winemakers, food and wine personalities ) on a weekend this coming fall winter ?
. me wl is my favorite place on i have several ideas for this coming fall, food &amp; wine fun
one thing alex is really good at is dominating the conversation , keeping anyone else from making valid point. just moretrump blather
it's called filibustering they segments do no one can make their point and host has to "move on" to new topic support 101
please send me your birthday wishes for simon and i'll read them all to him tonight while petting him and feeding him treats!!!!
happiest birthday simon, you are good, so good, such a nice and pretty dog
shoutout joe norris
norris from target
but my ar black
dope dealer is a great song
i don't understand those who say that "the country is as worse off under obama as it was under bush." do you remember what he inherited?
1 man who has done a superb job, considering what he inherited. even if he achieved world peace folks would still complain.
"...tonight- thank you for highlighting one more time- how divided we are.if you're willing to spend your time protesting,.."
"... how about standing for: indians survivors to name a few. "
i need a folder on my computer dedicated to ur face
i already have one of your face!!! and i'm not joking!
larissaaaaa i'm so excited about your book!!
so excited for you to read it!!
not sure why you're not following me on snapchat... drewcomedy
i think you're amazing! i also have a stutter....makes life interesting huh?
majority of pats fans aren't from the south so nah
except boston has a history of racism
what happened
i wish i knew dev
i feel like thats mad regular for remy lol she always got hard bars
odee lol she goes hard in general but i'm always amazed
i'm not as a big a hit as you are at the monthly prison gang bang.
good one. i could do this all day, but i know you have homework to do . you get 1 more.
please don't tweet while high as fuck. ben carson is now on my tl
i hope u wished him a happy birthday
who cares about blair witch anymore?
looked like it had some good buzz going with the surprise announcement, thought it'd be enough for one good weekend at least
one thing alex is really good at is dominating the conversation , keeping anyone else from making valid point. just moretrump blather
it's called filibustering thru segments so no one can make their point and host has to "move on" to new topic support 101
i write &amp; draw an autobio comic about having lived in greenpoint for 20+ yrs
here's 3 short stories from my comic series - free to read online
in the office of the future, you'll scale a climbing wall to harvest your lunch:
really? on a cold rainy winter day, not me!
hi bro. want 1 but empty fridge....
that's no good bro
backing this up 100%. i programmed this for the amia student chapter screening series in 2012? got a great audience
oh, it's buckets of fun, do not get me wrong. but fun and quality are very different things.
thank you babe
of course
i walked past a homeless man wrapped head to foot in a sheet in the east village. i was the only person who stopped to see if he was dead.
that is the nyc we all live in. remember the outrage you have for last nights blast and, like, take that into your everyday here maybe.
alex smith has 53 passing yards in the first half vs houston. must be tired from throwing for 363 yards last week vs chargers
not nice. can we move on please
would you retweet my visit to &amp; share my message with your followers? ()
mez momma would wuv tu go dare &amp; around that area she can help da lost souls tu go home tu heaven. day need to know it's ok
gotta love the hospitality
i'm alt right i'm a guy from nyc the alt right capital of the world
and i live it!
*love, but you knew that
i can't believe i created this tiny human.
congrats on your baby girl im so excited i screamed when watching your gender reveal
young women go out binge-drinking in order to find sex, and to be able to easily consent to sex when they find it.
the drunk woman intended to go out without panties on, and she intended to have sex.
could be worse.
what aircraft?
because i don't wanna end up like this..and they look super gross when you need them touched up
they won't look like that ahaha
everyone has words at their disposal, meaning available for their use lmao
i know what i said
get outta town with that onassis
all his songs sound the exact same
souparion finished 5th of 6 today for granville, beaten 22 3/4 lengths. this 6m's record is now 57/2,12,5.
needs his license yanked.
christie claim trump didn't spout birther nonsense after 2011 0 not the end
i gotta bridge to sell ya!!!!
have you seen those l's the bills have taken by the pats over the years? embarrassing. couldn't even beat alabama tbh
nice mirror shot, is that from myspace?
time to be afraid yet? mike pence's vp role model is dick cheney
be very afraid
.: "... owes an apology."
what a bunch of pussies
i have the best thoughts. brilliant thoughts.
a chilling vision has been unfolding in my mind this morning. lamport 4 pres. rise of c-xc-f make a. write specs agin
having just flown back from the us i'm totally confused on timezones. thought i'd missed keynote. i think it's in an hour, right?
an hour and a half actually
are you talking about the programming language or language as so far as it expresses ones worldview?
the author means programming languages. let me know your take.
the drunk woman intended to go out without panties on, and she intended to have sex.
it was thus very convenient of her to flash her vagina at men, and convenient to entice men into sex.
pls watch wentworth it's 100 times better than oitnb and they're australian which is rad
i sucked **** to that show in the bg
lmao not even gonna lie... you're the reason i used it... it's just popped up at the right time lol
ull be hearing from my lawyer
no, autism is closely linked to hyper-literalism.
you might be thinking of schizophrenia, which many are now thinking is related to an inability to differentiate salience.
. i'm sure this will bring back some memories!
during that first round-the-world flight, i had the idea of
but i'm a little dramatic when it comes to that stuff lol.
what do they honestly look like when they grow out ?
that would be much appreciated.
if it makes you feel any better, ask to take you on a date?
progress tolerance democracy justice are on the ballot this election.
r trying 2 use the word, "tolerance," as a positivegross old people &amp; their veiled racism.
america has a history of racism
yes, but boston in particular. hardly a coincidence the red sox took so long to integrate.
haha sunday's with no is not a day i like to live tbh
theyre worthless tbh
watching 'the blob' for the first time on . sci-fi classic, my arse.
hahhhahaa - yeah :) it ain't great, but it's cheesy.
new homeless outreach teams, la college promise, new businesses resources &amp; more in this week's la in 60 seconds.
they are doing a great work for an almost impossible job have been met reached in all areas thx
i still think my idea about an ultra lux skyrise in alcatraz would be amazing. and call it mordor.
and ferry in to work? i'd do it
my husband just said " i wish suggs would just retire"
he might be right
my moms freaking out lol
cause of the explosions??
she would. she would be a very good one. hottest on in the business.
double fact. cause kenna matches her character &amp; i bet she would dominate the role of kara-zor el on the big screen
happy birthday princess i love you
thank you lets hang soon!
it was thus very convenient of her to flash her vagina at men, and convenient to entice men into sex.
but it only becomes "inconvenient" when she actually does become pregnant? lol
younger brother's new girlfriend called our doberman a "pupper" ...either she's... or furry is leaning more into mainstream.
how wrong she is. he's quite obviously a doggo.
future generations will tear at their hair and weep in the streets when told of this day
they came back to argue about what autism is. lol.
6 qtrs into season there's nothing to suggest cowboys defense will be adequate to do anything. not breaking news, just confirmation.
not even going to be average in any aspect
protest votes are not a real thing
votes aren't a real thing
tapper did let kaine dodge. also let him lie about there being no evidence about blumenthal.
tapper is close friend of clintons &amp; involved in clinton foundation. his ratings r tanking
depends on how much value you place on sos. lots of teams would be 1-2 w/ that schedule
i'm sure they would. but losing more than you win shouldn't put u in the top 20% of college football teams.
progress tolerance democracy justice are on the ballot this election.
opposition to all we've done? -funding &amp; creating isis -giving $150b in nukes to iran -obamacare yes, we oppose.
thanks! doing better, planning &amp; schedule out of whack though. really missed , loved it last spring!
good to hear. i missed it too. but it looked like a success, again.
odd that at stadium w 20k ppl, on lirr, and on subway, one wdnt hear the faintest word, but that is what happened!
getting complacent?? speculation ran amok with the meat cleaver incident thursday!
hummmm... mourinho's luck is over? ;-)
just a different kind of special. it costs hundreds of millions to lose to watford these days.
all this pales in comparison to the real news: "people's republic" is now on sale.
just in time for my flight to la tonight!
"i do think it matters where it started." - trump campaign manager kellyanne conway on birtherism.
if she thinks that no one cares... she is as ignorant as the rest. lying gop garbage. disgusting &amp; repulsive!
i've been dealing with my tech frustrations by exclaiming, "damnit, this is palo alto!" now it seems inappropriate in this hotel lobby
i grew up very close to palo alto and cell phones never worked at our house! kind of ironic.... enjoy your time in the bay area!!
currently i am using typescript which compiles es6 into es5, and nim which doesn't know anything about es6
hmm so would just using uglify on the output get you where you need to go?
this is the truest thing. right here. cc
and media let them get away with lies
pete, what in the name of all that is holy is that thing?
it's a with switches and keycaps.
i just said college football writers bc they have the vote
i know. you should check out the accountants' poll....wherever that is....
giants keep bringing pressure on 3rd and long... the saints don't seem to be making any adjustments for it. or no one is winning downfield
what's up with your brother, he's not even slowing down watt
wait, y'all are upset that the reported a major int'l news story but can still recommend the prosecution of its source?
useful idiots on one side of our political spectrum would put a jingoist in the wh; on the other, they'd have us abolish the cia &amp; nsa.
been happening to me too. hope they fix it.
yeah it's been happening to me so often that i might just stop netplaying until they fix it
not every holiday. halloween is allowed to be special! besides, putting together costumes and haunted houses takes time, dammit.
week 36: the trick'r'treater siege continues unabated. we can no longer risk sending people out for supplies. we have no candy.
this game is very bad
every game has been very bad
hmm so would just using uglify on the output get you where you need to go?
(also nim looks rad, i hadn't heard of this!)
people v. oj finale was weird.
insane this only has 1 like
20?? you mean 50...lol
sorry bro drinking plus no glasses
i just saw the news!! stay safe out there girly
thanks! means a lot
just having your score regularly flash by on the ticker at the bottom of the screen is huge for recognition.
agree with the sentiment but isn't the coaches poll used by the networks?
yes. back table, oxblood red scarf.
fantastic! on the right-side? i'll come over. i'm in a red sleeveless shirt.
this past week has reminded me how thankful i am for the people in my life. god has given me amazing people to share friendships with.
this gives us the strength to reach out and minister to those that are hurting witness
odd that at stadium w 20k ppl, on lirr, and on subway, one wdnt hear the faintest word, but that is what happened!
&amp; kudos again to who was reporting long before declared straight on twitter!
woke up super depressed &amp; don't even know why or how to fix this lol
don't be sad, be glad :)
still haven't done the ios update cause for some reason i don't have enough space on my phone
, lol whaat?
they look super unnatural like when you first get them.
i already have long lashes i want them to be super full and fake looking
you don't care yet you respond. and you name some. not buying your lack of care buddy. your gig is up
he may be the devil...
why is it talks different in front of a black audience? i would be offended with that jive talk fake voice.
i can't stand his phoney hood speak. what a piss any!
today i remembered that "comestible" is a word and i think that makes the day a success overall.
anyone else occasionally forget that certain words are words? or is that just me?
hey irish fool. who was the leader of palestine wen ur hilarious map was produced . waiting
israel was there 500 years ago
muslim terrorists are at it again. of course, no word from .
shut the fuck up racist dumb !
lol i can't until the doctor clears me this week jerk u got jokes huh?
so yo feet look like falcon claws? figures
not very efficient, i know. especially when they could just ask the democrats or you for notes.
look at your candidate then come talk to me.
mike wallace now has 52 rec tds in 113 gms. only calvin johnson has more tds &amp; averages more yards per catch since wallace entered nfl in 09
top 30 wr goong forward?
you got me there
andy you should go thru her time line - full of name calling and racist retweets. i wouldn't take any shit from her.
mets get tc out of a shit decision yet again
is it bad i wish the flopped this season so hed get fired
that really is a classic haha
my little sis says she loves drake i was like ok bet ya havent heard this tho. haha im teaching her
yeah you know it
the great thing about these apple v samsung phones tests is that phone hardware is getting better every year
with the exception of exploding batteries.
not much difference btwn the 4 pigs who died in today &amp; our rana bibi. former used guns, latter uses pen. target is same: jihad.
and 56" lohpurush so far has done nothing to retaliate. i hope govt does more than fedex a questionnaire &amp; dossier this time.
not that i wouldn't have loved kasich/jeb bull-moosing the election right out of trump's hands.
honestly not sure there are many who would side with them in a break from the party. it's not like anyone ever liked them.
that joke is older than the bills' last playoff win tbh
no it's not myspace came out in 2000 you idiot get your facts straight.
pete, what in the name of all that is holy is that thing?
and it can be flashed with custom maps
all my bags are from there! loyal customer
yes! so good to know!
still no reply even now?
still noting :( . my friend ordered hers after mine and got it already .... so disappointed
*used to being alone by azealia banks comes on in public* me:
i hate the person who told you what app to use
mit grads use science to reveal your wine preferences. take the quiz to find yours for free!
only helping those with money with anxiety disorder in a glass
watch: castellanos says there is an "otherness" about pres. obama this morning on
othering blk leaders isn't a party issue its an american tool. both parties have taken turns running on race
fans are so fucking negative!!!!!!!
for me it's because the first team i rooted for was northeastern hockey
there was a gas pipeline break in la (lower alabama) so the supply has stopped. not the first time. it is stupid.
ok, so it is the zombie apocalypse: no gas, no supplies, people trapped and hungry for anything...
i'll take my beach and woods any day. do know how you city folk do it.
we have plenty of beaches and woods 30/45 min away
sanctioned murder is fun!
if lil nog wins, will he want redemption vs. rumble!?!?!
atheists have traditions and beliefs. do they not? the issue is when it does harm to others.
such as the harm advocates: "let's bring him to a prison cell surrounded with angry inmates".
so many thoughts here
the pope likes lafontaine!
why do guys get so mad when you don't give them play? lol i never knew it was that serious.
b trying to hard
progress tolerance democracy justice are on the ballot this election.
also, they have the balls to say democracy hello ru all as drugged up as
what an astonishing quote by the police union chief in miami:
fire their asses. this is anti-constitutional and un-american. you do not get to choose whom you protect. got it? fire them!
why skateparks more protected than the hood lmao
bc skating is predominately a white devil's sport? just a guess.
fans are so fucking negative!!!!!!!
i also just in general think everything i like and care about is doomed
oh, no. that's a serious bummer! what kind of diet are you doing? is it the rice you can't eat?
yeah i'm doing the keto diet, so very little carbs and high fat
dad: "blaine gabbert is in for the 49ers. what happened to the starter?" me: (whispers) "...blaine gabbert is the starter."
legit had this same convo
i always have such crazy weekends with my husband lol. crazy in a great way
congrats boo
yes. just struggled to find an occurence at owl creek bridge (1962) marked as 2004.
everyone should see occurence!
americans vote against their own best interests all the time, especially in the south
exactly. brownback. scott. christie. snyder. mccrory.....
serious question - when are they moving up to fbs? it has gotta be sooner rather than later.
they're getting votes in the polls
embrace this!
it's not so exciting
everyone but me
it's crazy man
one of the few things that suck about living in . having to drink from these stupid cans.
. can you pick me up some black &amp; silver bud lights? these are unacceptable.
this game just got stressful
brother feeling the same but that turnover and now jacoby warming up bennett looks great loved the broken tackles keep fighting!
give me some great books to read
from pieces to weight by 50 cent i read it in middle school it was some real shit loll
today's starting lineup for the series finale with minnesota.
we follow lucas duda
e-learning is an option but there is lack of electricity and other supportive educational equipments.
that's why innovative approaches in other equally challenged contexts need 2b explored. like 's kolibri
lumpy carlos alejandro armando jesus makes an appearance
all hail lumpy!
you thought this election cycle couldn't get weirder? is asking kek for redemption.
- appears not to be the sharpest tool in the shed. but we can rest assured, she is a tool.
jimmy garoppolo, you were too beautiful for this ugly and cruel world.
thanks for the fantasy points jimmy, your sacrifice won't be forgotten.
we can never allow this in america.he is all about infiltrating our country.
courtesy of president obama and hillary..
thanks buddy we're trying to step up our game
proud of you, man!
stranger things....the get down...prison break? pretty dope highly recommended if u haven't watched already
i heard stranger things was a pretty good show, ima check that out goodlooks
behold, the greatest feature in ios 10: instant price estimates on rideshare options:
since you're heading to mr. s, can you pick me up some clamps? lol :p
i would really like a place to talk about what it's like being a parent in sf as is very much not it.
i'm sure there's a subreddit for this.
grabbed both red and black today, red looks the best from the pictures i've seen
i almost have the same wow feeling when i first see the red october, really nice color.
but i work way too much so they'll just chip and break so k
mine break over the dumbest shit but at work it don't break
i had a really wild dream where i pissed off a whole football team and had them chase after me, made a get away on a really small ice cream
cart/truck thing driven by a really mysterious yet cute dude, then got into a fight with a group of girls and broke one of their arms bc
i get the feeling vr gloves will never be good enough to fool your brain. it quickly approaches the uncanny valley of tactile feedback.
we've spent our whole lives learning how things behave and feel. i can't imagine we'll be able to reasonably emulate that within ~10 years.
i wonder who we have to thank for this?...
sad and it will only get worse if he gets elected.
cart/truck thing driven by a really mysterious yet cute dude, then got into a fight with a group of girls and broke one of their arms bc
she pissed me off. then i went on the run again and keep running into cute ice cream guy
don't u ever disrespect my feet like that rt : so yo feet look like falcon claws? figures
you gone need extra scrubbing on that heel this week
saying nicole did nothing but lay in bed with corey is not slut shaming her. she literally laid in bed with him, and didn't socialize.
funny how those apologists get selective memory w/ that card re:
at a show? hit up on tues at
definitely at a show!
people blaming specific players are crazy. as a team juve were garbage get over it. go on with ur lives ffs.
a couple were unwatchable for sure.
what's the point of complaining about a movie that you love or had fun with? i don't get that. i'm really not seeing it
it's a critique. it's about judgement and honesty.
it's not fair to blame driver when driver statement was not included. why fast to claim "pedal confusion?"
and perhaps collect $$$ from automakers in order to put the blame on drivers.
for some reason, i believe a chance/cole collaboration would be better than kendrick/cole.
listen to this and tell me if u still feel that way bruh both would be
when you realize that visiting alboe probably wasn't the best idea
aye lets goo, thanks for the like fam
yo i don't even rmbr the last time i smoked ... somewhere in may i think ?? damn thats a long time wtf
or was it july
would love to connect! they don't give us much breathing room, but maybe later today?
sounds great! if you follow me, i can dm you my cell number
i love these shirts/sweatshirts.
glad to hear you say that.
no, but i can tell you it's not on at atl buffalo wild wings either
i downloaded the app it's streaming!! try it
a hangover is not even the word anymore.
lol it feels like a slow death
regression to mean is a pain in the ass ;-)
shouldn't you be supporting your fellow portuguese? or am i misremembering your nationality?
also "i spent $300 and it sucks." lol? you couldn't figure that out after 20? 50? $100? christ on a cracker, this shit is never stopping.
how did they spend that much
you're wrong. it doesn't have to be to accomplish a political end.
sorry but your repeatedly saying that does not change the definition.
hey, republicans! aren't you glad you didn't nominate kasich?
brett, "republicans" hate the banks &amp; the trade deals that helped the banks destroy them.
that's a three-and-out for the 49ers to open the second half. that's their fourth possession without a first down.
and that play call on 3rd and 8? eeeeh...
i set 4 fantasy lineups this am. meanwhile , 39.5 weeks pregnant, beast mode passing everyone on the trail
you guys!!! so exciting!
we've spent our whole lives learning how things behave and feel. i can't imagine we'll be able to reasonably emulate that within ~10 years.
nothing exists past 5 years
today was already stupid and then someone stole my brand new pack of cigs and my cool ass lighter. i
lifes way of telling you not to smoke, young one.
looks like they used the paypal template by mistake.
well i, for one, refuse to be scammed by such incompetent scammers. i demand only the best e-mail scams.
still a couple who speak truth, others protecting clinton.it is truly amazing trump is tied! ppl know!!
always thought journalism was a noble career soldiers putting themselves on the line to spread truth
i vote for chef!!! she's a gary vee o.g. and the coolest lady in new york!!!
i love you darling!! are you coming to my event? i want to finally meet you
priebus also says clinton herself is responsible for '08 "birther" rumors: "the preponderance of evidence shows hillary clinton started it."
again not much push back by the media. this has been fact checked so many times.
good morning today's twitter advice
such a cute pic!! thanks for sharing margo!
how's flacco working out?
maybe not quite that well, but we're trending up. i'm all for the mccown flacco shootout!
rnc chairman: party could penalize former gop candidates who don't endorse donald trump
i'm sorry reince but maybe, just maybe a few still have souls left.
we got our little dog from a store because they had a runt miniature schnauzer no one wanted, but we did
i think a lot of it is bc some shelters put a dog down for being there too long
the attacks in thailand, those in the philippines, the beheading of the priest in france, all terrorism.
what do those have to do with the bombing in chelsea? we simply don't know the details yet.
follow nfltr for up-to-the-minute insider news &amp; trade rumors from around the nfl.
why follow the we hate fans league
millennials are owo - what's this?
millennials prefer bowser over women
furniture is so ridiculous.
i spent $1k on a bed, which is easy to do, and called it quits
we are not shook, we are not hiding
good! i'm visiting from boston and am glad to see this be the response
there are no mistakes at this level.
most likely republican pentagon made the strike to embarrass democrat obama at eve of un assembly and middle of ceasefires
on manning's fumble
utter bullshit if true. why have the replay then? if it's totally obvious wouldn't they see that on the field?
you're in new york?
i'm here for sabc job hey i am here to work! i am back tuesday night. its my second day here. sa good morning. :-)
chicken legging. my lunch isn't good enough without some extra sauce. i'll nap here though.
oh yez uz must train uz homanz odderwize day don't know what to do. a good stern bark now &amp; then workz good tu. hehe
yo loook @ the men in this music vid
omg id be all over them
that's what i said when i saw this
than don't just talk about it, be about it!
thanks for giving this schmuck some class with a beautiful suit.
you look good cam
we are . tweet storm for a chance to win!
rocking outdoor w/events screaming ? can you hear us?
ynoa shoulda got chance for w. especially with 8 k's?
i know everyone will say it the , but very impressive. ynoa had more velocity than i expected.
first bryce gets kicked out of supercity because of a tweet and now he gets jumped smh
jumped .. why ? because of a tweet
fav options for short fine hair? buying today.
our matte pomade for great piecey texture is perf for short hair (cc )
inept bombing attempt in nyc. better give it huge headlines, cry terrorism, and write a long profile on the perpetrator when they're found
it's only terrorism if the perp is brown.
watched a documentary tonight on kenya's street children. devastating. whatever does for us, it must not disconnect us from pain.
we don't have to go far to see pain anywhere in the world 58 members afraid to engage
move right down the field and score without garoppolo because of course they do.
it's the system! not brady! go ahead and tell me i'm wrong!
yeah, i was paid less than you at grad school. do you know any field that pays more while training?
you aren't responsible for people's lives during grad school. and i assure u i worked more than 100 hours/wk frequently.
lmao all of our faves.
literally all the favs
have you got enough candy to evolve one of them?
requires beer, not candy. also, my co-workers are already highly-evolved.
the worst is being a tyrant with no power.
byron de la beckwith.....turns out that roll was perfect for him.
watching an illegal stream online since the nfl apparently doesn't want my money.
i'm in the same boat. try to find a stream in spanish if you can because how the announce touchdowns is the best.
north dakota st is ranked 28th by votes, has a fcs team ever been ranked?
is that even allowed.
. in couple of days, goi/bjp will create another controversy (bihar, up etc) to take sm attention off .
it will be either about salman khan or cow.
watch: u.s. president barack obama declares new marine reserve at ocean summit
i refuse to watch ob! so i won't watch- eff him!
mad that it matters cuz we forgot how to hit
we seem to have a .220 homer or bust guy as well.
unless of course it's false - &amp; a lack of evidence would suggest it's false (which happens a huge amount with trump)!!
then why has it been removed?
could i please ask what the font is? thanks
believe it's arial round
i hate that texans and pats are playing on thursday. waste of what should be a decent matchup.
and if clemson-georgia tech ends up close, i'll ignore the texans-patriots game.
sounds live feels live // woodlands // 18.09.16
yo this poster is bad ass
yes! watch free bet, tvone, bounce &amp; starz movies online all in-1-location
not working for me
never mind...i can just order these!!
i like how they have to tell us they're super fun!
and what happens to the dogs in stores that don't get bought?
i dont know but i assume stores cant put them down
...to wit: that donald trump has a personal net worth of exactly $0.00.
bravo! trump does have ious to russians-fredo jr said so. i hear the menus on trump farce one are written in cyrillic.
the air system in my room just broke ... like everything is broken in this room
damnnnn it's about to be hot as shit in your room
having just flown back from the us i'm totally confused on timezones. thought i'd missed keynote. i think it's in an hour, right?
that's right. it will start in about 60 minutes
i'd move back if it became like gotham
the insurance would sky rocket, no thanks lol
writing music. (not a very wise fallback, i know, but i believe in myself!) what about you, tim, if you weren't writing?
honestly not sure. maybe directing and/or be a professional "food taster" &lt;&lt;&lt; a job i just made up
sure he literally lives in a crawl space but it's only $450 a month!
pretty sure i dated this guy.
good you didn't try throwing anything at me! (or whatever that poke-terminology is)
you're a tall target, and jet-lagged; i like my chances.
yup. i went to ur work lastnight before closing and matt was there &amp; he was like " so u ever gonna reply?" its been 3 mths
i thought that was my work on your snap &amp; man he's weird asf
happy 12th bday, r101.
2017 is the year of a bigger store for r101.
just when you thought couldn't get any prettier
i can't stop looking at this picture
it might have been my freshman or sophomore year. do you remember this?
this is news to me
til christian trap music exists
what dark corners of the internet are you on?
sears, 1956-62 pleasant family shopping [1/2]
funny how the passage of time flattens the difference between this and
hi lizette, thank you! what is the event about, i'm very curious:)
. it will b at the flagship store of kate spade. i'll be speaking to the theme of self-esteem &amp; bringing out your inner sparkle
we could be ant and dec 2.0 (please tell me you know who they are)
is that an english thing
not sure, they are like 50 votes behind tcu and tied with ucla though. so they are really 27th.
that's crazy.
this first episode of already tells me ryan murphy is about to try to cram too much shit in one season ... again.
i thought the exact opposite. i like the pace and it seems much more organized.
wonder what sweden is like this time of year?
maybe fall over their
some shed down at the vocational school that was full of old computers, we had to catalog them and try fixing them
we had the librarian buy us pizza and mtn dew one day
the blount hate still makes lil' sense to me. he's not a perfect rb, congrats ya cracked the case. but he's a perfect fit in many situations
the way i see it, if he falls forward for 3 yards, play-action can still be effective and it's all good.
wake the fuck up
lmaoo blows up my phone and even tweets me to wake up
what is a film director? a man who's asked questions about everything. sometimes he knows the answers.
great scene from one of my favorite movies.
where is g ?
newport beach
this law didn't make it legal to carry on school grounds.
does for teachers. read it
are the niners actually good?
as a fan, no. but we will surprise some people
you forgot your death scythe and hooded robe
i did. i left in my other coffin.
edelman is a cocky piece of shit, i can't stand him
he got a hot wife though
i was struck by that too. hard not to think about that walking the streets of sf.
i didn't think these issues would shock me after living in dc and nyc, but they really do.
did you think today was going to be the day he figured out how to use his bullpen?
the 4.2 inning pull was something new.
can you imagine an arctic without polar bears?
no and i cannot imagine africa without gorillas, elephants, rhinos, and giraffes or indonesia without orangutans
that time when you find $5 in your car and it's absolutely life-changing and makes your day because you're you'll never adult right.
the other evening i found $5 in my underwear &amp; deeply contemplated the possibility of alien abductions.
happy birthday, ! who remembers which mtc show this photo is from?
venus in fur!
thanks so much x
i wish your mom a happy birthday
officials say "it's going to take a lot of careful investigation to get to the truth and to get to the facts" in nypd explosion
look, recent events suggest a semi coordinated series of terrorist attacks. media can't deny eyewitness accounts.
just stop. if you think this doesn't mean something to everyone involved you're missing the boat big time.
please poll your readers about whether they want their star players involved in a tournament held 3x in 20 years. maybe i'm alone
followup: 1. love them through presence. 2. activate to ministry immediately. (discipleship) 3. continue to teach &amp; be taught
totally survey area of outreach, what are needs ie. anxiety, depression, opiate addiction i love website ck it out
wow that person must have been a real jerk. i've never seen you this way ducky. you are my champion.
when i see people include christian in their bio and act like a jerk it offends me. testify!
so pats this good, miami this bad, or a healthy combo?
not watching so impossible for me to tell. but those watching say dolphins are bad this week
no. way too early.
but there's really no difference b/w being down 1 or 2
dude now the mouse wont stop spinning lol. bouta just hook up console
like wtf! for cod always stick to console, it's just the safer bet.
i'm terrible at picking my fantasy starters
still getting that w this week tho
what's the point of being able to play/sing "cant help falling in love" on the ukulele if you have no one to play/sing it too?
you can play/sing it to me
this is hilarious...once you spot it!!
i went with subtle.
serious question: when did ray ray armstrong become a good linebacker?
the scheme is a better fit 3/4 instead of raiders 4/3 - next to bow he just reacts &amp; flys to ball
big thx to for love he gives to . countless times this week, i said, "none of this is possible w/o ."
always a pleasure brother.
we do think this was an intentional act. you can help your . if you saw/heard something, please call 800-577-tips and/or 888-nyc-safe.
do all you can to make the city safe. working together. ego's aside. do the work that's it.my children are in the city daily
no one should be afraid to go to shows in fear of being bullied/verbally attacked/threatened. shows should be a safe environment.
i've been bullied by a girl 3 years older than me for the past 9 months. this is not ok. needs to stop but i know she'll only make it worse.
hehe if clerk says "no dogs allowed" momma gonna say "it's not a dog! it's a stuffed animal"
day never do iz only been asked in starbucks but wez was getting it to go. i still got mez free puppy chino ;d
i don't even think he's reaching for support. i think he's trying to have the last word.
yep, like someone everyone is too small minded to see his great vision
police union asks officers to not do their jobs as employees of the state because athletes are peacefully protesting
i mean they could just stop shooting people. players protest and then do their job so do the same
i've decided to drop out of carnegie mellon university after three years of a human-computer interaction &amp; information systems double major.
i'll be joining fb full time as a product designer in nyc. at this stage in my design career, there's no better place to further myself
my g. grandma worked in a mill in a town on a historic triangle trade route. hours long, work dangerous: but she did get paid
my immigrant grandparents also started in mills and factories. built a good life. american dream.
davis has a .335 obp at least, compared to dickerson's .289 - pretty big difference.
true...walks sure do help
i've seen black police officers protect marching klansmen from angry counter protests. this is a contemptible demand
and neglect of duty!!
will you be at today?
yes, we're in japantown now eating lunch at hukilau.
you can have your pad at 30-something degrees north. or you can have it in panama, singapore, french guiana, chennai...
how much savings would result from it?
dak does it himself and takes it up the middle for a 6-yd td. the lead the redskins, 20-17, 5:41 3q
nah fam i need him to give it to zeke or dez
what happened to vito
had to give him away when we moved
jj welcome to the blue hell mate!!!
i'm sure you guys do a good job but it doesn't look as fearsome as galatasaray!
nah i don't lmao, ima dunning is no longer in the building
lmfao she clearly got fired for her recklessness
i'm sure there's a subreddit for this.
aren't those public? this is some absurd stuff. nobody would believe it.
oh to my last comment caterina about your fb page i wanted to add you aged well.
haha! thanks for brining it to my attention! it's all the healthy living and the australian sun!
it's the system sorry...
if it's just about backup qbs in a pinch, then matt flynn for the packers proves rodgers is a system qb? no? oh ok.
lots of practice x
yall should a conjoint bridal and bachelor party vlog
in washington til the 20th fml
baby come back
fun fact: lamar jackson has 18 td responsible for (tied for the most in the fbs this season). 114 fbs schools haven't scored 18 td yet!!!!
that's not very fun for some of us
maybe not quite that well, but we're trending up. i'm all for the mccown flacco shootout!
and then he throws the same jump ball at haden on back to back plays.
can you believe this after one weekend of camping
broken chair after one weekend camping hopefully coleman can do something about this
that's so true!!! maybe a video report is due?! might be a cool article idea for . do you know of a schedule?
did you look at articles about
yeah. next to bow makes a difference. good point
not asked to do much more than read/react
breaking at and on the way home from the grocery
a news source we can trust.
bro nature is so gangsta and ruthless
nature is gnarly
followup: 1. love them through presence. 2. activate to ministry immediately. (discipleship) 3. continue to teach &amp; be taught
those that come in through seminar invite others through program etc.
every time i see edie windsor out &amp; about, it feels like a hug from nyc.
for the record, edie is getting her life delivered to her by the drag queen performing in front of the .
people need to stop confusing xenophobia with patriotism.
ikr, she was a great warrior princess.
. here's a cold one for the comeback.
fins got a lot of catching up to do....
why everything you tweet delete ?
i be deleting shit
whatever its fine i'll just date myself.
well, if you really need someone. . .i am available!!!
love is shown to us in actions in the little details we didn't think they'd remembered words are words and anyone can say them
that is so turn
i love you! have a safe trip home!
love you too thank you
hey gregg &amp; all
sharon wazzzup
keeps getting busted lying. no one needs to watch .
. , all of 's links redirect to an app on ios.
lmfaoooo i'm at district, and it's hot as fuck
you love throwing that in my face... i hope yo ass burn... throw back a pineapple for me
and the u.k. is brexiting and vetoing an eu army even though military experts say we can't defend ourselves.
trump's election would be so dangerous for everyone in the world.
. is trying to convince me that charlottesville needs a convention, on the theory that i'll be bored in 2018.
well, it's a college town, so a con would be appropriate.
the baseball crank was pushing that only yesterday
oh man, just reading this stuff is giving me a proustian rush from my freshmen year of college
always crossing the line
*always crossing the boarder*
bahahaha. not this red carpet but in the words of : "just you wait."
hot water and epsom salt soak for your feet after work! and i can't wait! (cocktail date 1 day to discuss pockets in dresses!)
trump's contempt for the media: he's "telling people to hate us as a body, as an institution," says
nooo! just bringing obvious attention to your game and beating you at it. your not pulling a goldwater this time!
geez, pitt, i hope you weren't expecting her to be any different than pierson or trump himself. :p
no. but i think pierson (insane) &amp; trump (sociopathic) somehow believe what they say. conway is just a soulless opportunist.
people like you always want back the love they pushed aside. but people like me are gone forever when you say goodbye
i love you
interesting that in all the thousands of leaked emails, documents, &amp; files not 1 mention of aliens, ufos, 9/11 inside job, illuminati, etc.
. someone will soon tell you, "they leaked this stuff on purpose, to distract us from the real truth!" tinfoil hats, anyone?
are silicon valley investors different? -
literally night and day diff between vc money in the valley and nyc.
happy 69th to the ! one man recalls his role in the birth of the service -
army air corp
on friday's show, jim fassel called shannon sharpe the smartest player he ever coached. very smart. but i am not intimidated in the least.
can't find anyone who's ever called you smart.
that's so true!!! maybe a video report is due?! might be a cool article idea for . do you know of a schedule?
they actually don't come in on published schedule. over the next few days.to be honest.
jimmy ward is such a different player the last year plus
he's starting to see the game better
dnt tell me yal gave away dona lilian too
lol she's at a retirement home now in south city she still comes visit sometimes tho
barely got in the door for / margo jefferson / / 's panel at . everybody loves critics obviously
i thought that was you in the back row.
god ok so my phone died and the second it turned back on my alarm when off and i was too preoccupied with 'lol frozen phone loud jxb' to
remember what the alarm was for in the first place
oh i was there too! i was an yvette!
ah! sorry i missed you. but what a shindig, huh?
awwww i love this, stolen by this isn't one of those tag 10 people things, it's just cool
have you realized how much you mean to me? i love and miss you so so much. praying we see each other again
if zionism is an anachronism, all national states are also so start with russia or saudi arabia or japan or china
worse. it is logically guaranteed that the jews will continue to be persecuted for the foreseeable future. they need a state.
um,one other question. can i get rollup to minfy? it shrunk the file considerably but constants+varnames are all still long
ah yeah, i was gonna say you should pass that output to uglify. i got distracted staring into the moir sea, it is mesmerizing
racist supporter "others" president obama. make this go viral!!!
the stupidity of alex cast! trump is not that bright to consider the otherness.
good thing brissett can throw the ball just fine
how many more backups ya need? seems to me all ur quarterbacks are soft,brady cries + deflates balls&amp;jimmy can't withstand a hit
brian - hope you are all well and stay safe, mate after events in nyc over the past 24 hours hh
aye all good steve mate cheers
"...except for the plot'."
(from stray's "introduction" in classical dictionaries: past, present and future p. 3)
. floats punishing republicans who want to run in the future but aren't supporting trump to :
gop prefers sheep.
so they can block a candidate they find unacceptable. huh.
reince loses his job when trump is defeated. it's about reince not trump.
yesssss come through
thank you honey! i try
it was the best of times, it was the worst of times. nothing more accurately describes having a puppy. so cute yet so destructive haha
in fact that's what a tale of two cities was really about: puppies
i thought that was you in the back row.
i made it! just barely
mike pence's vp role model is dick cheney
sick, just plain sick!
this is a setup for undermining/gutting the 1st amendment/press freedoms. been threatening since primaries.
his promise to theil to put him on the supreme court is another massive red flag that trump would cut press freedoms. he's not hiding it.
all people care about is money
only sellouts. some of us aren't controlled by money
pics or it aint real
when she thinks you're lying!
bring an "i voted" sticker and a pic of your vote for hillary and you get a free taco at any taco truck nationwide
illegal to provide anything of value in exchange for a vote
it's pretty great, eh?
srsly. i'd be so lucky. every day is a struggle to get to the equipment i need. haha
it's a garmin 225, i've heard conflicting reports about optical heart-rate sensors.
fwiw my fitbit w/ optical sensor does that to me often. also undercounts (avg 90 bpm for 1-hr intense run)
i'm good sofa king chilling watching this game, how about ya'self?
doing the same, pats down another qb
those gifs aren't gonna rotate themselves!
no gifs allowed!
in my neck of the woods? country's already gone up in flames.trump makes your life worse-not mine
- your "neck of the woods" ain't worth saving - suggest you move to mexico
i believe a boost. i don't believe a higher rate than the gop has seen since 1964.
i think this is another example of the phenomenon of 'rejecting clinton' rather than any evidence of 'embracing trump'
using wget to make an offline copy of cmake's docs. shame that they don't have a single page build...
also found out ctest is a thing, so maybe i can just use that.... ?
stealing this from chels and bails but this seems pretty lit lol
stop saying you're mad at blake. we all know you love him and hate him. lmao love you
why everybody sleeping on shantal? this is wa? the second list? :'''''''')
nobody don't want me to succeed. it's not like i go to a top conservatory, am always on pitch and a tiger on stage
my father is a hank hater and i do not accept this
does your dad even watch hockey
are you having any issues with your cable at this moment? i would like to help you.^wm
can't afford it anymore
those are boos from the metlife faithful (unfaithful?) with those back-to-back holding calls and a run.
there booing newhouse
i love you too sir, we should chat someday
sounds good
fantastic! on the right-side? i'll come over. i'm in a red sleeveless shirt.
so great to meet you! will send you more info on &amp; look forward to continuing the convo.
might hit providence this weekend whats good
you both love a wolf pack
he was right again can't argue with that unlike lying hrc with benghazi video
he showed lack of restraint and temperament as usual,he's deplorable &amp; unfit for the highest office,he lacks judgement....period
also, the beatles is a music pun.
also, your name is what italian prosecutors say to defendants.
after the pat, we lead 17-6.
please keep the offense at this pace
kasich: trump owes obama an apology
no kasick you owe trump and apology
disallow on shaky legal grounds that wouldn't pass a real legal challenge
but nobody has the resources to challenge it i suppose.
when comes out of his room
damn that's sick
all 29 people injured last night have been released from the hospital. on behalf of 8.5m nyers we wish them a full recovery.
continue to do the work keep us safe. ego's aside.we depend on the collective efforts of our law enforcement
progressive cafe where the authoritian left tried to shut an event down by force.
fist fight broke out literally the left vs. the left, broken up by police.
that's moronic. where is the evidence of that with grades or recruiting? there's none. 80% grad rate. pound sand.
15 men thought they couldn't report child sex assaults because it would threaten "the program."
what's wrong with it?
it keeps making my videos square when i edit them
[during sex] me: you feel like my stepdad him: wtf?! m: sorry did i say stepdad?! i meant uncle. him: *pukes me: ok. that's gross.
laughing is good and thanks for that.
like, palestinians stabbing pregnant women, senior citizens and soldiers? those "troubling trends"?
so netanyahu gets lied to again and us again leads from behind
i call this one "absolutely not"
ya'll get caught in a hoe storm?
pence: cheney is a vp role model for me:
that makes sense. shock and awe sh*t ii. worse than waterboarding. maybe worse than cheney.
stolen from chels :)
i'm so sad i didn't get to really say hi to you in vegas, but i love you and it was nice seeing you :)
i've been bullied by a girl 3 years older than me for the past 9 months. this is not ok. needs to stop but i know she'll only make it worse.
punch her in the mouth
listening to " i write sins not tragedies" and whispering "i love you. i love you too." will always make me think of .
i love how we finish each other's sandwiches. so in sync it's not even funny.
i feel like we should chip in to buy rodak some extra security.
buy him security or getting yourself a pitchfork?
the best part of footbaw is when the big guy runs into the little guy
the punt teams excite me
tried your site (haven't been there in awhile) and this popped up. any way you guys can fix this?
sure thing, . let us take a look!
the fact you, me and all used the same asvab example concerns me
i didn't use asvab. its doctor who
i can't wait for the inevitable trippy double feature think pieces contrasting "christine" and "kate plays christine."
bunch of those did sort of happen around sundance! it was very confusing
at waiting for a show to begin! i'm sure i won't believe what happens next!
that sounds pretty cool
but that monkey ain't stopped no show!
who throwing the ball for yall ?
ah yeah i forgot about pics. i removed most from my phone before any backup, so no indexing.
most people just forget how long it takes to index thousands of pics.. hence the battery dying first few days
i know people are down on fleener already but it seems worth the wait just in case it starts to click
this call looking like a winner too. fleener getting looks, but they look off.
punch her in the mouth
just not at my show please
progressive cafe where the authoritian left tried to shut an event down by force.
owners didn't press charged but they should have, esp. since both were assaulted
in the pic? no. they killed all the gays.
chelsea hasn't been a gay only neighborhood for decades.
untouchable will always be my favorite song from . hands down.
wtf you went to tritonal?
fact: mark penn, hillary's 2008 chief campaign strategist, wrote a strategy memo laying foundation for birtherism.
willnotadmittoanythingshe'sapathologicalliar
14 years ago, the greatest video game ever was released..
please stop reminding me of how long i've been waiting for kh3
i'm reasonably skeptical since 10 x's out of 9 ( ), he fux up anything he touches by being extra and doin too much
you're such a 'stan.' but low key, i knew the reference, even if you had annotated it. lol
in seattle.
i'll be there on wednesday!
ignorance is not becoming of anyone. facts are facts. has trafficked in this putrid lie for 5 yrs.deplorable.
hillary supporters: google haitian rebuild efforts, where did the billions go?
please read.
your thoughts please the princess of brooklyn
oh man, the self-debasement. trump mocked christie on stage and dinged him for vp, and yet still he lies for master!
isn't there any consequence for blatant, shameless lies? christie's denial is preposterous.
this being something i've been working on lately
you're incredible
his promise to theil to put him on the supreme court is another massive red flag that trump would cut press freedoms. he's not hiding it.
am i not reading the right stuff, cause i don't see many journalists/commentators/analysts connecting these dots or concerned. worrisome.
72 and sunny? whats happening to sf?!
summer! finally
hey! came back to the site after a break. can't login to my (paid) account. fb login and password reset are broken. :-(
no bueno, . let us check that out.
what about ones that other people create? would giphy aggregate all of them? like a google index?
yes that's what does. it's a search engine for gifs and api for the same
i'm a raiders fan but shoutout to the 9ers man. yall got a qb and a buncha receivers who don't belong in the nfl and yall still competing.
more so the qb
you mean cleveland couldn't hold a 20 point lead? i'm shocked, shocked.
hillary couldn't hold a 10 pt. one.
investigation is ongoing. though we believe this was an intentional act, there is no credible terror threat against nyc at this moment.
if you say so! "a man's word is his bond"an old saying from these streets. keep us all safe. vigilance! thanks
"in a compact space," you typo-ridden philosopher-king.
i'm just working through the notion that you carry a compact.
.......until they find a connection that they dont want to talk about
and now they found it.....whats next??
freaking nba2k17 face scan never wanna work man. wtf. smh anybody know how to get it to work.?
they have a face scan feature now? so jealous i gotta step it up and upgrade my system man
so was it planted or thrown from a bike? and how do you unleash a dog on an unknown perpetrator?
they have to figure that out when they do its a beginning.
yooo looks like the helicopter hit hahaha
deadass your hit might have been harder
he is useless with the bat. why is pena on the roster? we literally will never play him
i forgot he was still there lol
it looks like a buttplug.
that's the "point"
we fight about it constantly because he thinks he knows everything
you might have to throw some hands at this point
just had a stranger things moment!! radio in car tripping through channels by itself! no hands! weird huh?
my 8-track used to do that.
reading sunday times real estate over someone's shoulder without glasses. thought it read "millionsburg."
yes, i've heard of that place! they have mcmansions and willy wonka
for the record, edie is getting her life delivered to her by the drag queen performing in front of the .
and then she blessed us.
i've read bad documentation. but now i can't watch a tutorial because i'm on the "wrong" browser. fuck off, apple.
just wait till you go to read the text documentation and find out their layout is broken in every browser but safari
pitting raikkonen was a terrible decision from ferrari.
as a raikkonen/ferrari fan my life has been hell for the past three years
rnc chairman: party could penalize former candidates who don't back trump
they deserve to be penalize.
thank you so much for this john. so thoughtful. so well written. so on point. and so fuckkng exciting!
i the vision but when city millenials start having kids theyll see cars differently. tho maybe they won't have kids
you can't just announce that and not link some
this is left as an exercise to the reader
trump campaign one week from now: "actually it was hillary clinton who said mexico was sending rapists and wants to ban muslims."
"hillary started megalomaniacal bigotry years ago. i'm gonna finish it. bigly."
happy birthday!
thanks ashanti!
every year i forget that my dominant thought at the is that everyone's outfit is cooler than mine.
second place is probably, "i hope no one talks to me."
you know damn well what i mean
was talking bout someone else tho and don't start
your pop music cred is shot to pieces for this gap in knowledge
nobody's perfect
happy birthday beautiful
thank you beautiful
that shit be annoying af especial when meta starts doin it lmao faaaaawk lol
you should of seen at the funeral everybody was talkin like that
drugs in israel r very cheap not like here that they charge a lot. i am for israel yes!!
u pivoted away from the question of contraception &amp; abortion in israel. well?
broken chair after one weekend camping hopefully coleman can do something about this
my 45 at c-tec wheeled cooler the handle will not stay locked and in the up position
all that matters is the win column and we're about to be 2-0, can you say the same?
well not yet cause we haven't played yet, but you would know that if you actually followed along with football
stephen pearcy signs to frontiers for his 4th solo effort "smash". official press release at
hey stephen, how are thou, my riff master friend ;)? what's the release date for "smash"?
don't mind the excitement._.
that's you playin? lmao i gotta get back on that.
we need to define poc to include the bi racial kids of all kinds. and to hear them.
i talked to my niece to ask her what it was like. she had so much to say. let's listen.
technically summer don't end till september 21 so i think that explains the temp
i thought they said it was over 2 weeks ago?!
cool. week after next (9/26 on) work for you?
sure, dm me and we'll figure something out
tell him he's not allowed to like me or say my name out loud.
you shouldnt have tht wwe universal chanpionship finn balor should
this is left as an exercise to the reader
srsly, just walking by some kid and i was like there is no way he is playing that in this church, but then i heard the lyrics
hiya :-) just wondering how i cancel premium? emailed couple of weeks ago but didn't hear back so can you help? ty :-)
hi - thanks for dropping a line and sorry for the radio silence! can you shoot a dm so we can get you squared away?
i the vision but when city millenials start having kids theyll see cars differently. tho maybe they won't have kids
u can request a car with 1 car seat. or two. and even pay for it to store stuff while u run errands
after seeing 17 year olds arguing on fb about high school football i'm wondering why i'm still friends with so many high schoolers?
oh wait, that's right ryan. you had a senior photo business.
not saying that's my argument. but if you want to make that argument, this is exhibit b. the entire 2008 season is exhibit a.
top 5 o line top 10 defense. try again loser
yeah. right. look what the republican establishment trying to stop trump did in 2016 primaries. it helped him.
and you and your mistress help him a little more each day!
why why why am i intrigued by lethal weapon? why?
i don't know.
i'm about to set up a tent when i use the bathroom and lock myself in there for 4 days!
you are so entertaining x
well i don't agree with people who are physically incapable of enjoying music without being on drugs
i feel like most ppl who use drugs do it to enhance the experience.. doesn't mean they don't enjoy the music w/o em
we didn't have a chance to say goodbye yesterday, but at least we made it to the train :-) see you soon!
nice meeting you! until next time!
or when she read the big short
ha. you've got the wrong michael lewis here, but the movie was better than the book
lmfaooo oh the brown water = death. and you're even worse for the encouragement lol
good thing you weren't in albany last night because it got out of control with that brown water lol.
deadass your hit might have been harder
i hurt myself hitting that kid lmao
that's great defense from jimmie ward, but a greater catch from kelvin benjamin to hold onto a pass that ward all but broke up.
and now the panthers are wearing out that ward/benjamin match up
let's hear it, ! who do you ship?!
spoby &amp; haleb
how can i give all online ad purveyors a list of the products i own so they won't keep advertising them to me after i've bought them?
srrsly. the national i already bought that list.
aww.. wishing u good luck, boo!!!
thanks it means a lot i hope he does another leg in north america
i'm reasonably skeptical since 10 x's out of 9 ( ), he fux up anything he touches by being extra and doin too much
you're such a 'stan.' but low key, i knew the reference, even if you hadn't annotated it. lol
the city is to stressful with all the crazy traffic. i like slow paced chilled out life myself.
how i picture bris and flip
definitely a problem layout for smaller screens
aye, imo, not worth it, ios barely is 4% of cp web traffic
it's not a trick! it's due to einstein's relative's titty.
um sure..... .*signals men in white coats with over-sized butterfly nets*
bastards should be shot with a ball of their own shit.
exactly reports coming in from a 911 to expect more fuck'n cowards you know what i'm saying
convicted rapist darren sharper is being considered for the nfl hall of fame:
. what!!!!!! for real!!!!! wow
you just charged me without asking! how does one stop autopayment? it is not explaned on your horrible faqs!
oy. shoot us a dm and we'll get you squared away, !
my apt smells hella gassy and i'm scared.
get out now marty !
he let the trump campaign today control him and slipped the lies in without challenge. need to remove chuck todd!
chuck's been like this all along. he's not remotely impartial imho - just a gop in impartial clothing
enjoying the b-sides? 'a cloud in a box' is one of the two new bonus tracks out this week.
will there be a video for ?
that pasta look goooooood
i'm still thinking about it tbh
first time volunteering with the crew for !
isn't it fun?
am i not reading the right stuff, cause i don't see many journalists/commentators/analysts connecting these dots or concerned. worrisome.
i critique media because it is crucial &amp; i want the public to trust the press b/c it is good. it is our mode of political communication
biggest scare ever | bioshock: remastered noob: via
lol, good sport. vr horror is funny to watch others try, brave to experience
i'm voting, alright! this ex-dem stands with because he is fighting for all of us!
peopleneedtorealizebenghaziclintonisnotfittolead.whocanbelieveawordshesays
oh god... someone thinks 343 and ms hate the flood thats why the games rated t..
cc jeez dude people are idiots. you explaining why the flood are coming back and they downplay it as your nuts.
.: "hillary is so desperate for the black vote that she insists on creating race issues."
ur a dumb a** who probably knew ur husband was a criminal while u were da! did u?
to defend nsa from critics, attacks the story they broke. which won the pulitzer for public service.
they were probably told by" high ranking sources within the govt" that they would cut the source pipeline off
smarter than madddd people think! i still don't agree with his latest choice though
word that's not his fault tho ghost gotta let him know what's really going on if he knew he would've done better
wow! congrats!
thanks jay! cant compare to being at workflow though
pls send pictures if we took any yesterday
no bc we don't have any
some say he was dyslexic.
his relative with the titty?
u can request a car with 1 car seat. or two. and even pay for it to store stuff while u run errands
if we reduced family ownership from 2.5 to 1 cars. and many non/post-breeders own zero, it is still game changer
it's day. good luck and !
tatiana is so overdue and award or no her astonishing performances continually amaze
mypov: is experiencing the madness
haha. when are you reaching ?
yay! i love this !
thank you babe
never realized how many piercings i had until i had to take them out yesterday
right my shit still hurt
also i will focus not on the addition of migraines to my fun but that i get to be here to have migraines.
amen to that sentiment especially to us new yorkers.
i'll be here for a couple more weeks and then head back home
aww my boyfriend sister lives in southern wa and she's having a baby so we're coming up in oct
today, a hobo threw up on my car while at a red light. he then asked me for money. fml
a true tragedy. who's going to play you in the movie adaptation?
yea just copped witcher last night this game is fire bro
yeah i know. i gotta put in the work on that.
that's held for
glad it's still on the table
@ the people in my res hall always blasting music and playing pool: how's ur gpa doin
probably better than ours.....
sounds good andr! jamie, drop me a line when you get to dublin and we'll discuss!
thanks, love. are coming on 2 years since we met you, jeri. hope to be back soon!!
miley left game with upper back cramps
game is giving me lower abdominal cramps.....
if you are a neurotic white comedian there are now at least 20 tv shows specifically tailored to appeal to your experiences &amp; worldview.
i hope you like my pilot "atencio."
mike pence's vp role model is dick cheney- in which way mike? taking us into a war that should have never been?!?
as is 's penchant
aren't you watching it???
watching the giants saints game, and hows that young man looking so far
why is so successful? they're saving thousands of dollars a month with .
want to see how you can save , , and run your and ?
does anyone else think that the "too close to call" polls are nonsense manufactured to drive a story right to election day?
i thought so, but now i'm in suburban nj and i'm not so sure (if bumper stickers correlate with votes)
hey so i appreciate everyone's understanding with the lack of posts for commissions! i'm working on them! primarily on weekends. &lt;3
its like you got a job or something.
did anyone ask about it at t/f? i kept waiting for it to come up in the q&amp;a session.
i'll let him answer that ;)
i love the bronx but damn its like stepping back in time everytime i come here. they are so far behind.
the gentrification is working its way up there.
!!!! i want you to have a good time in the black hole. wait, that doesn't sound good. but it sounds right doesn't it.
it's sound perfect to me. black holes are what i live for
trump: you want props 'cause you were born on a day? pff. carson: trump: somebody who wasn't born on a day: that i'd celebrate. 'cause, how?
trump: i don't like the number 18. it's causing me legal headaches.
beautiful man. i love this man. thank u.
im so glad somoenes finally appriciateing him i never see appriciiation
congrats on the new gig!
thank you faisal!
i'd love for you to check out my new yoga show "after the mat.all about living your yoga!
loved it. will tweet it out. feel free to let us know of future episodes! also maybe you can do one on our ceo!
why mark cuban changed his mind on donald trump
thank you mark cuban. common sense is not common as the saying goes. your response to the questions were totally on point.
washpost: snowden files won us the pulitzer, but he should face trial. everyone else:
look, i like the washpost and it has fantastic reporters-most are respected, many are friends-but the edit board really fucked up this time.
when your a goat
heck nah i was buns today one of my worst games ever
i wish i were in memorial stadium instead of watching like this
pac12 football coming to twitter live soon?
i've been getting into the pressure cooker ever since our new kid showed up. just put a rub on back ribs for tomorrow.
nice! how's it going? if i get a bigger kitchen, i'll probably look at buying one
so we should actually see her move
no clue.but when someone tweets seeing all of it and we don't it looks shady
gotta be rough...always someone lurking in the shadows waiting to topple!!
haven't slept in months always looking overshadow
want to see how you can save , , and run your and ?
check out this article:
so nervous for bid day ahhhhh
you got this b
so we should actually see her move
was on computer
it would've been aids anyways so no worries
thats the one with ac right
.: "hillary is so desperate for the black vote that she insists on creating race issues."
the new plantation is about to be burned down. anybody associated entities will go down with it. we now know better
i liked a video from halo 5 - i try the inverted challenge!
why torture yourself dude whywhwy
how does delete all my messages and all my music off my phone delete my pics log me out of every acct and i still have no storage
why?????????
fuck uublog he fucked up our prison system is generally pisses me off
that was mr. obama
um but he's with rihanna
i feel like this is more accurate too
loooooooooooooool. not mainstream enough. they gon wanna claim you when you ballin'
my career too distant. don't sleep on me though my ep is coming out soon. bajan fishcakes - my bajan experience.
you are very beautiful and sexy
mmm hmmm she sure is
kinda pathetic that they attack other people's fave just for attention
are you really going to reply to every fucking tweet?
for some naughty stuff
god have mercy on jersey this coming first weekend in november ';),-
3d touch ideas for mobage: - show remaining time to full stamina - recover stamina via menu - event progress and time remaining in event
new mechanics in rhythm games
given my deep ambivalence toward tarantino, i don't think you want me doing that podcast.
that's too bad. i love his films sooooo much
., who supports calamitous saudi war on yemen, now undercuts 9/11 lawsuit bill
why is bob corker taking pictures with the criminal bandar bush?
last night we took a lady out of my flight bc she said a derogatory comment to my co worker in spanish thinking she wouldn't understand.
nope. we don't tolerate that shit. fly with someone else
these hops are goddamn taking over.
it's a god damn hopsile takeover
great video of one way parking protected bike lanes!
1st avenue in les
holy shit i just realized i could use emojis for actual math short exact sequences! 0 mmpp0
that is not math. there's letters!
i'm gonna need the to realize they are playing for marvin lewis' job
every game is for his job it seems. lol
nah completely different show
oh darn :/ oh well!
colin kaepernick's protest is working.
u.s. code title 36 subtitle i part a chapter 3 301
watchin mad men and gettin into my feelings
there's a reason why i have rewatched this show so many times; it inspires such intense feelings of melancholy &amp; nostalgia
hmu when your 2-0, hope bradford doesn't have a good day....
don't worry i will! &amp; doesn't matter, clay mathews got us covered
you are so right! there's no climbing out of that deep, dark, putrid basket!
backing a candidate who allowed contractors appointed to steal billions from poor haitians
oct 9 next month is the day he died.
omg june -that's heartbreaking *hugs 2u*
jobless. .i didn't know you worked what doyou do for work
i worked for 22yrs in india as chief administrator of medical college &amp; hospital retired in 2011 widely traveled
two points 2make 1. if guilt &amp; wrong doing is found,come on people were talking loretta linch 2.time &amp; money waisted
everything is consequence of stand-4-nothing its refusal to fight anything=why left had gall to push tranny bathroom lunacy
holy shit. it's the kochs that have the russian connection. first 1 1/2 min told me that.
4 &amp; $ 4 russian shell corp why russian campaign manager 4 $
no. people like you have me terrified.
i live in california too, even if i were to vote trump it would be meaningless. hillary already bought this state. find a spine.
i'm totally going to watch it.
you knew it was coming.
"built upon the truthcoin protocol"? what is truthcoin? isn't ethereum platform that runs it?
without stepping into the debate - yes, augur uses ethereum to implement sztorc last i checked
don't agree retweet, so and take these threats to seriously.
yes: as you said, lock him out kick him out to bosnia.
this is ridiculous.
eh that was a penalty
kasich: trump owes obama an apology
go away kasich who cares
i can either be a feminazi or a jew cunt you have to pick one of them
i hate to pick sides, but i _ did _ emerge from a jewish vagina...
omg that's her?! i need to see it! lol
yess, dude i can't wait for tonight
it may sound like a challenge to some
too bad malcom x isn't alive to respond...
does anyone have an up-to-date definition of fergalicious?
i never could figure out what the original definition was. it was never explicitly defined, as far as i can tell.
why am i crying si hard
you probably miss justin trust me i cried so hard too
the gold cup is no longer held at devon, pa.?
it was moved to salem a few years ago.
that is not math. there's letters!
also my phone knows nothing of correct punctuation anymore.
need to be ktfo. and thrown in prison for life no deals.
agree with you
when is it actually gonna be fall weather so i can rock fall clothing
you already are cause it's zero degrees in the condo
great to meet you yesterday! thanks for participating.
thank you again for having me! i had a blast.
sorry i'm spamming you but where?!
all good ! it's on halsey &amp; malcolm x -- it's called natural blend
they have to figure that out when they do its a beginning.
btw public, private, community &amp; universities that are schools on every nyc block. maybe target. maybe random.
thanks for making me feel bad i'm leaving early before sleater-kinney!
oh please, you've seen sleater-kinney like a hundred times already!
we're about to elect a reality tv star who doesn't pay taxes and loves dictators and what's trending on twitter is .
a cheeseburger's more qualified to be president.
president obama has a message for black voters:
vote for hillary or practice saying: "yes, massa?"
.: "hillary is so desperate for the black vote that she insists on creating race issues."
the new plantation is about to be burned down. any associated entities will go down with it. we now know better
thinking about when we got supermodels yesterday; what? us?
fam, we are super model good looking? that's crazy. like i'm still on that like damn. we gourmet
.: "the press wants to drive the birther issue home because they think it's a win for hillary clinton"
yes. the press should just leave this issue alone. let that racist's words and actions speak for it's ugly self.
paulette, how are you, thought you might like this, followme if you want like i did to you
: i'm fine and you? thanks for following and the quote picture, i'm following you too.
are you aware that the self-dialysis in jnkping in essence is being discontinued?
hi sara. i checked this out &amp; it isn't true. they are just changing the building
only 2 career starts. former 2 star recruit and not even in the top 1000 high school players.
and the best running back at texas since jamal charles
how many times do people have to tell you that msnbc and cnn already confirmed it started in clinton camp? jesus christ.
troll troll troll troll troll! disinformation was ussr's particular talent! traitorous liar! you are a paid phony!
"read up on your history. it matters. we've got to get people to vote." -:
their not voting for this "cracker"
whoa.. you kiss your mother with that mouth?
does he just yell into his phone like it's the tv?
how do i hear this big boat?
go to the marina
haha nothing can beat waterfront living in my eyes. nice view though.
its a buddies view. dont ask why i was there at 7am
vin moved out why am i still folding his clothes
find my fregan shirt
wait r thry togetherkxkejfos
i dont know but be still my roswell loving heart
priebus: rnc could block kasich and bush from running again if they don't back trump
/ i doubt that would happen
i lost 50 iq levels reading those replies
50 points to slithern!
holy shit. it's the kochs that have the russian connection. first 1 1/2 min told me that.
same w &amp; traitor sheriff c stephan in django
exit poll from state-run agency suggests russia's ruling party will win majority in lower house of parliament.
has something to celebrate!
love this! well done
thank you darling!
i used to do things manually. now i automate things manually. efficient.
give a man a fish, you've fed him for a day. give him automator and a subscription to lynda and you've fed him for life.
this makes me so upset!!! why must people put down others? why can't we all get along?
i know!!! all i want to do is love everyone.
some guy at 7-eleven just hardcore judged my for buying tiny bottles of champagne..
like yes i'm gonna sit at the beach brown bagging champagne, let me live.
was the last chocolate you ate too salty or wut
chocolate is usually too sweet for me, idr last time i had chocolate atm but it was probs definitely too sweet lool
btw public, private, community &amp; universities that are schools on every nyc block. maybe target. maybe random.
not the schools please. timing is everything in life. blind and disabled never hurt anyone
i mean you could go to solano or albany probably and avoid students
temescal sunday mornings means babies everywhere if today holds true. omg.
gentrification of the mind by sarah schulman a powerful and fascinating read. witness to a lost imagination
this should also be the introduction to every book about maui and it's original inhabitants.
i need a vaycay
let's go somewhere
i wanna ride that big brutal dildo while you face fuck me
now that's an encounter i'd luv being a part of
let me know if u see movement
lol! i dont even know where to look! the sock is in the cobwebs of my dryer
my mind is telling me no, but my body! my body's telling me yes
vote trump - the "family friendly" candidate!
bye for now north america! be back in a few months
noooo don't go adam! last time you were gone for years and held in a n. korean prison....
chiefs are shit
its alot of both tbh
1/ machine learnings: a weekly roundup of machine learning, ai, &amp; data science news.
2/ elon musk says ai tech must be spread out because any "one company having control over ai technology will create an unstable situation."
omgggg did you shoot this in ny? if so, where?!
nope! i shot it in seattle actually but i'm sure there's many botanical gardens that have that feel
they should have at least thought of their own reporters &amp; editors who worked on those stories and were in possession of docs
yep. kinda refines the whole notion of pissing into your own tent.
rewatch scuttle with uk
i'm trying to pay attention to my steelers playing arch-rival bengals in nfl and you all on here ain't helping. grin.
cameras compared: iphone 6s vs iphone 7 plus.
i think we need an app that will perform a reverse bokeh-blur the face while sharpening the background.
ur the daria to my jane
forever and always aka until we die
2/ elon musk says ai tech must be spread out because any "one company having control over ai technology will create an unstable situation."
3/ marc andreessen reverses his stance that big companies have a data advantage over startups building ai technology.
a very important grocery list
i think you don't need eggs
now that i'm master , need a pocket shielder zarya for your games by any chance? &lt;3
whaaaa! what elo rank is that?
college students are such a bummer. do i need to go all the way to temescal for stress-free coffee?
i'm not sure temescal is far enough, at least based on the last time i was in a temescal coffee shop.
pomp ....... &amp; circumstantial evid. and you're all for freezing up the cold war rhetoric
i am warning ms. powell / keep your sex-life in your goddam closets
the more tweets we get the more susanne moves!
pushes the sock away! what u think u doing! lol
1st and 29 may seem bad but it's actually a great strategy
only if it leads to 4th and 29
how's september treating you, tim? well i hope :d
the horrendous heat seems to have finally ended &amp; i'm hearing from my favorite tweetie &gt; couldn't be better !!!!
passing through the farmland where many of my student's parents work. paso robles next stop. :-)
yes! amazing valley - and we love the train - it's a great relaxing way to see the landscape
video proves hillary the original birther!
get your head out of the sand ira
wait you went there!! man if i had know i would had go with you!!
yeah!!! everytime i visit nyc, i'm always looking forward to go to next time i come, we need to go together!
it's a few tenths of an m/s^2 in extra delta-v. important enough for the us, eu, and ussr to launch as far south as they can.
did the us ever launch from hawaii or pacific islands? maybe not worth it for low volume of launches?
thank u - way 2 start my friday!!!!! c'mon, ride the train, hey ride it, woo woo!
this was toooo coool i was sitting here dancing with you....thanks made my day - i'm 65 and still got it
on my first day as a real housewife of brooklyn, i have decided to try julia child's beef bourguignon because
update: just tasted the sauce from the pearl onions and my knees buckled.
there's a righty pitching for the braves tomorrow. conforto better be in there over bruce. if not, it's terrible mismanagement.
and both t.j and rene!
3/ marc andreessen reverses his stance that big companies have a data advantage over startups building ai technology.
4/ uber starts self-driving car pickups in pittsburgh.
not on this drive lol
bc they're tired.
yesterday i stood behind a podium and made jokes about the usps
you're living the dream!
ivanka trump says her father's child care plan isn't for gay dads
- it's not for anyone below the 1 percent 'ers either honey !!
congrats on 10 years to pizza one of my favorites in the bay. ...
many thanks for the shout-out!
oh...4got one more thing..
such stupidity!
thanks for the concern after the explosion. i don't know if i'm alright because the 1st person i saw back at club . we hugged!
haha the gangs back together!
4/ uber starts self-driving car pickups in pittsburgh.
5/ reid hoffman sees an opportunity for ml startups that help companies "tune for their specific service."
we know what she do.
neverrrrrr. what ? me ? nope.
i need more friends who like thai food
and more thai food places open on sunday :(
let's be clear: there's absolutely nothing "other" about president obama - as politician, husband, father, american
trump has opened pandora's box of ugly.
. spoke at the inaugural program yesterday in nyc.
love 2see her w/another head coaching opportunity. an amazing teacher/motivator. but would be a lost 4ny
running to lose weight: everything you need to know running to lose weight: everything you need to know
good timing for this.
aww babe! i'm sorry this has to happen to you.
it's okay babe! thank you thank you thank you
5/ reid hoffman sees an opportunity for ml startups that help companies "tune for their specific service."
6/ diane greene thinks ml will transform healthcare with ability to do image analyses (fracture diagnosis) better than a doctor.
btw public, private, community &amp; universities that are schools on every nyc block. maybe target. maybe random.
we live in a sick world don't try and figure out what makes crazy crazy.
haha, what does a vote for hillary say? considering she's responsible for mass arab genocide
what arab genicide are you talking about? and if u r a trump supporter, what's wrong with mass arab genicide?
rex ryan for pres... dahhh
sabres comin this year
because gay people's kids don't need child care?
- you must be a white homophobic
i'm super jealous i'm not there so thanks for the quick round-up! have an amazing week.
thanks luke. the summit is so so good today. it would be great to learn more about your work with
6/ diane greene thinks ml will transform healthcare with ability to do image analyses (fracture diagnosis) better than a doctor.
7/ unconscious f-16 pilot saved from fatal crash by onboard collision advanced software.
no doubt. but can't say the any one on the team had a good game.
yeah that's true
beautiful , new york. we love working up here, who wouldn't with a view like this everyday.
we hope our employees and customers have an awesome weekend ! pc to our installer chris v.
and to think, if they weren't so snooty you could have liked the book and championed it for us all to check out
seriously! 100% respect not sharing specifics,but also really want to know who i should *not* be supporting! :p
bk when asked if bvg is right as dc: "abolsutely. without question. that's not even part of the conversation."
that statement should get him fired. he's a clown.
i'm super jealous i'm not there so thanks for the quick round-up! have an amazing week.
what's the best email to reach you on?
7/ unconscious f-16 pilot saved from fatal crash by onboard collision advanced software.
8/ ibm watson helps oncologists to treat cancer patients according to best practice treatment guidelines.
dude when my work schedules me sunday i want to cry
it's always so busy too
. disturbing. body doubles .. 'fake' rallys. how far will they go? just a few thoughts!
willstopatnothingtogainthewhitehouse.she'spowerhungry,moneygrubbing,lying,murderingb*%ch
homegirl is claiming to be a junior in high school. i'm suspicious
lol she requested me too
buffalo is fucking trash we're not losing @ home to them only problem is houston against our shiite o-line
but the offense is trash. brock is the biggest waste of money since jason bau
every met in the lineup today (kj, conforto, tj, duda, reynolds) gives us more value than loney or bruce. i never want to see them again.
i've been saying for a few days now to bench bruce. you have conforto and nimmo and juan will be field ready in a few days
we hope our employees and customers have an awesome weekend ! pc to our installer chris v.
we'll be back in office tomorrow morning (8am), call us then to schedule your water meter upgrade at 1877-583-7257.
what's it about??!! i need a new show
the basic storyline follows the employees of an ad agency in the 60s, but there is so much more. and its so detailed
8/ ibm watson helps oncologists to treat cancer patients according to best practice treatment guidelines.
9/ houzz uses deep learning to scan photos and make product recommendations.
this is what they gonna be doin with me when and get married. i refuse!
i waz in my parents wedding i walked up tu daddy &amp; stood next tu dem da hole time. :d
oh...4got one more thing..
i'm surprised this photo is actually fake:
looks like jeh bought the right to be in charge of our security. that cool?
why not donate huge amount of money to the dnc and get post of homeland security chief?
i am trying to add a gemfile to my xcode project. it feels like yak shaving.
when i run `bundle install` for the gemfile i get this error. it wants a newer version of ruby.
. speaks cities w/ mayor of london today -watch the conversation on fb live:
so happy to be here! thank you respected mayors!
ios 10 is really spicing up my relationship
is this a cry for help?
we'll be back in office tomorrow morning (8am), call us then to schedule your water meter upgrade at 1877-583-7257.
or you can set it up today online at and click "make an appointment", or through e-mail at upgrade.com.
of the day pic via
sweet love those little rascals
9/ houzz uses deep learning to scan photos and make product recommendations.
10/ tensorflow open sources a model trained on the one billion word benchmark.
i wanna take all my brothers out the hood.
and not a vacation for good.
how's september treating you, tim? well i hope :d
do you like my new twitter picture &gt; someday i hope to replace it with my favorite lady's t-shirt !!!
hello, i'm available for freelance web work (or whatever else you can come up with)
do you have a portfolio of prior work?
niners haven't had a real qb since jeff garcia
jeff garcia was a real mans man
to break away a bit. do i start lacy or fitz in the flex - half point ppr?
definitely fitzgerald.
we gotta see this all together ! tissues ready and all
absolutely can't wait you know i love love movie
if i wanna suck it in i can too
don't delete it, you look fye what you mean
sad! legendary south african rapper passes on &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; news of the death of kwaito star mduduzi...
brand new tune got to have it
that sideline looks familiar b tunnel
lmao!! we walked all around those sidelines. people knew we belonged there
what's it about??!! i need a new show
like the set design, costume design, etc., is so goddamn accurate. everything is curated perfectly it's a work of art really
however i am deeply trolled because she started with a beautiful town layout and amazing neighbors on her first try..... how......
tbh my first time (gamecube) was the best layout and best villagers and since its been a bit of a crapshoot lmao
a foolish boy
face off btwn him and my icon
nice header who are they?
some really hot volleyball players i found on instagram
not going to let trump deport my friends :d
no one is deporting anyone except the banksters to gehenna
hey y'all, what's the recent controversy with rms about? i contribute to fsf, so i genuinely wanna know, but i can't find much on my own
you mean firing someone because she was being harassed, rather than her harassers?
10/ tensorflow open sources a model trained on the one billion word benchmark.
11/ ibm, ge, and hilton worldwide are using algorithms to screen, test, and hire new talent.
or you can set it up today online at and click "make an appointment", or through e-mail at upgrade.com.
follow us on the rest of our social media too: facebook: saks metering. instagram: . follow, like, comment, and share !
how hard is it to say "trump campaign aide incorrectly says clinton started birther movement"?
- tell the bitch its not hard to retract a lie if your honest
13 american companies with the best job perks
those are the best perks? wow.
sad! legendary south african rapper passes on &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; news of the death of kwaito star mduduzi...
brand new tune star on itunes
sorry to disappoint! all cw content will be expiring on 9/18 due to contractual changes (
why start my week with such horrible news?
the football is hidden, when you tweet susanne moves around looking for it!
i see her looking out the window
they sure are! except, you know, i got yelled at for taking two!
cookies for alllll
how many times do people have to tell you that msnbc and cnn already confirmed it started in clinton camp? jesus christ.
traitor! kim philby ur hero? benedict arnold? aldridge ames? drumpf birtherism well documented &amp; u refer to jesus?
i propose we replace the citizenship test with a timed thirty minute essay on the scottish widows ads
no true scotsman would fail.
i've been bullied by a girl 3 years older than me for the past 9 months. this is not ok. needs to stop but i know she'll only make it worse.
honestly just ignore people, it's hard but when you ignore them they find someone else to bother
no one said you were but this could be the the media &amp; trump has been glorifying.
the problem is over the year since the elections started there hasn't been 1 bit of proof of this tho
simply shocked that trump has only ever called women "neurotic."
. and let's not forget trump called the very gracious female pastor "a nervous mess."
someone proposed in this
jean shorts.
i trust ur opinion i think i will give it a try!!!!
pls do!!! then we can talk about it hehe
11/ ibm, ge, and hilton worldwide are using algorithms to screen, test, and hire new talent.
12/ gta v will teach neural networks to drive cars.
you cannot change a person who doesn't see an issue in their actions.
like hillary no shame..
back on my fry addiction. shit
ever go to the fry shack on water st in new paltz?
now working on start screen menu design. way more complex than it seems, even for a game that's not ui heavy
perhaps because start screens are more overtly presentational and dramatic, putting even more emphasis on design and timing?
yeah under liberal made hate speech...ur the moron pushing to end free speech..
actually under 18 u.s. code section 2332, you know us americans &amp; our laws!
i'm in america and have just been asked if my accent is australian. mortified.
greetings, are you in north or south america, or are you referring to the usa as 'america'?
people being weird screenshotting my snaps n shit
oh yeah i hate that lame shit
should i go out after work at 11
are you able to see who votes "no?"
he's such a cute little munchkin omg
i saw it on periscope that's why
happy birthday john.! stay outta trouble! xx
he can't!
ur the daria to my jane
out of all of them i think i relate to stefon the most
12/ gta v will teach neural networks to drive cars.
13/ microsoft chose 10 machine learning and data science startups to take part in its accelerator in seattle.
just saw golf cart w/ &amp; driving. asked paul if townsend was uber driver
what did he say?
jones is a ole twinkle toes ass. get up the field man
hate that dancing bs
he loves josuke so much but he feels like he would be dragging him down when josuke deserves so much more okuyasu is upset he cant be better
you are fuckin me up hard this is rough shit
he got romo'd
that college needs to teach guys how to be more durable if that's even possible
"we wanted a really immersive experience &amp; why we made this in ." on valen's reef.
i love how you !
sunday morning at the farm.
birthday presents from the sharon springs harvest fest and . (d)
how do you call yourself ugly but post nothing but selfies? fake ass attention whore
if u only post pics of yrself that means u think highly of yr appearance. nothing wrong with that, that's great. don't say y're ugly then
he makes me sick
**note to self go to the nail salon before i get roasted on twitter
sid blumenthal has nothing to do with hillary clinton. period.
-listening solely to again i see !!!
yea, what a load of horse shit. should return that pulitzer too.
at least they looked after it far better than the guardian did. i recall the medal got lost &amp; turned up in a london charity shop
the bills lost last week to a team that is currently losing to the browns 20-2. the browns.
good thing we fired the oc with that shitty game plan
is anyone in my twitter life an apple music subscriber
no crass tolk
sad! legendary south african rapper passes on &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; news of the death of kwaito star mduduzi...
brand new tune
rotflmao. all this time i thought u were michael lewis, not michael lewis. ?
ha. i wasn't sure if you knew, lots of people have made that mistake on twitter. who am i? it's in my twitter bio
"we wanted a really immersive experience &amp; why we made this in ." on valen's reef.
what's the best email to reach you on? :)
follow us on the rest of our social media too: facebook: saks metering. instagram: . follow, like, comment, and share !
*whispers* watch junjou romantica
*whispers* way ahead of you. i'm on season 3 now. i'm gonna cry bc that means no more misaki.
you look awesome at
says thanks
13/ microsoft chose 10 machine learning and data science startups to take part in its accelerator in seattle.
14/ comma.ai will ship an autonomous driving add-on by the end of this year.
if you're not native american, then you're not really american. &gt; all other americans
and even they ain't
not the schools please. timing is everything in life. blind and disabled never hurt anyone
i understand your sympathy. just pointing out no evidence the school was the target. anymore than the bank.
good day to all my followers and fellow pups! woof!!! buen da!
what haz uz been doing? i hunt zombies &amp; pertect da homanz &amp; make sure no zom's know about da sausage mines rrrrr :d
thanks for the update
i know you were worried
bruh. i was listening to come winter almost 10 years ago
smh i heard it like 5 years ago you win
for a long time?? like... til april??
for as long and nyc will drink it
um no but now i'm gonna asap. what do u suggest
idk it that well but its good stuff
when i run `bundle install` for the gemfile i get this error. it wants a newer version of ruby.
the very of ruby that is installed on this mac is ruby 2.0.0p648. this is where i will now have to dig deeper into ruby-world.
- hey john! thank you so much for this!
my pleasure! thank you for a great album!
rotflmao. all this time i thought u were michael lewis, not michael lewis. ?
i don't think the other michael lewis is on twitter
14/ comma.ai will ship an autonomous driving add-on by the end of this year.
15/ bottlenose released a platform to automate the work of data scientists.
did someone say panda bonds?
where exactly is the money?
. speaks cities w/ mayor of london today -watch the conversation on fb live:
so proud to be here! thank you respected mayors!
a thing i have learned is that when software docs say something "is simply" or "is just" they're papering over something horribly complex
"step two, draw the rest of the owl"?
191 things donald trump has said and done that make him unfit to be president: via
648 reasons hillary clinton not eligible for presidency
the choice of the two locations is so bizarre. 23rd and 27th btw 5th &amp; 6th -- just... what?
link could proximity to the path station. if the bomb in nj is related, that would make sense.
warning, twitter peeps, i'm on duty today. a's fans might want to mute or unfollow for the day, apologies in advance.
giants? how could you?!? :( j/k enjoy the meltdown
caption contest
"so, this is the new housing for the banksters, quaint."
in the neighbor's yard!
hanging on the flag pole!
20k woah. this. is. insane. thank you, ilysm
you deserve it your page is
sad! legendary south african rapper passes on &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; news of the death of kwaito star mduduzi...
brand new tune
15/ bottlenose released a platform to automate the work of data scientists.
16/ evernote will start using google's machine learning apis.
can i borrow someone for 12 weeks?
so i guess people who like the same sex can't participate ...
in the neighbor's yard!
it's out dancing
in your opinion, was the booing directed to casilla, bochy for his decision, or both.
i wasn't covering last night. safest answer is...some of both.
it is not easy to understand an artist if you're exploring them through spotify. it needs a user driven wikipedia inside it.
if they hasn't killed apps, that would be perfect! i hit that so often: "okay, love this song, how should i dig in further?"
my son is playing really well today, but i bet he'd play even better if he could tie his damn shoes.
a lost art. i remember as a kid you were expected to tie shoes by age 6. feel like it's 25 now.
in my next life i want to come back as you.
get out of here, i feel the same way about you!
the gap in nyc is appalling. it's even worse in sfo. california shocks so much me as an european. hard to express with words.
btw i have no idea how that weird sentence came to be. i must have been toying with wording / punctuation to fit 140 &amp; messed up.
16/ evernote will start using google's machine learning apis.
17/ deep neural network learns to play starcraft.
today i remembered that "comestible" is a word and i think that makes the day a success overall.
i'm going to open a shop and call it blended comestibles. it will sell juice, milkshakes, and smoothies. maybe soup and baby food too?
not clear whether some of these festival organizers throwing september parties understand the concept of octoberfest
we celebrate new years on the day before, too. ;(
looks like jeh bought the right to be in charge of our security. that cool?
hilary says jeh must downplay suggestion of islamic terrorism for fear of islamophobia.
trump's contempt for the media: he's "telling people to hate us as a body, as an institution," says
the media definitely does not work for the viewers. you work for trump helping him w/ his learning curve.
every time kellyanne conway smiles, it's like a snake slithering over my bare foot.
i feel you, skipped maher bcuz she was a guess. thank god we've got the snakebite antidote!
listen hon you're supporting a corrupt patholigical liar a sociopath who supported
listen dead, you're supporting a corrupt pathological liar that's an alleged pedophile.
i am warning ms. powell / keep your sex-life in your goddam closets
these medical doctors, nurses, clinicians must adhere to practice on their own kind
insightful: check out 's tweet:
"a lie goes round the world in the time it takes the truth to put on its shoes."
woah! we're good???
where have you been?! we need some deals stat!
help poor susanne find lucy's missing sock!
what browser are you on? my iphone and firefox via mac not seeing it
up for approval tue.: upgrades to make taraval safer and better for everyone.
. they won't make anyone safer. you want peds to cross moving traffic to board bc of addiction to parking.
i want my super powers to be 1) sleep at will 2) can vocalize creepy post rock guitar chords to confuse my enemies
3) be able to discern lyrics when i go to hip-hop shows
trump campaign manager blames "people around hillary clinton" for birther movement
true and most importantly she never denounced it!
wasted a golden opp after that beautiful takeaway.
they got away with a blatant hold
it's already happened with other services. i know uber drivers who went private and get texts from riders direct
so acceptable and planned for risk?
listen hon you're supporting a corrupt patholigical liar a sociopath who supported
listen dear, you're supporting a corrupt pathological liar that's an alleged pedophile.
dick from a nigga who is always wearing a durag is dangerous
flap out or tied???
how on earth is that a catch by ginn? i don't get it
neither do the referees
u can request a car with 1 car seat. or two. and even pay for it to store stuff while u run errands
cars seats should fit very snug and are a hassle to adjust. also kids puke, scream and other things that embarrass prnt
hopkins kick makes it 23-20. gotta get a touchdown on one of those short field possessions.
their hold helped them some
again, that was a win for the cowboys defense. the offense and st have put them in bad spots twice.
self inflicted
one idea nhl officials said was raised in planning the was having two canadian teams. i think people would get behind canada b, no?
they should really consider combing czech republic with slovakia for czechoslovakia
is this a cry for help?
the opposite actually
wrote a blog-ish version of my gist
i read that earlier after seeing tweets from previously. i just want to know what to do next.
my grandma always has gas stoves and this always freaks me out that i will burn my face off
they are literally terrifying. i'm buying a hot plate lol.
just wait till he asks for tits and hit him with these
ross went searching for "pair of great tits" again... and yes, that is an actual species, the great tit.
dear , the us federal govt can pay for anything for sale in $ almost instantly
govt is limited by productive capacity of the us economy itself, maybe journos are stuck in this budget frame due to lack of data
awww you should have said hi
i recognized it was you while you were leaving
are they still making episodes of "what not to wear?" my brother would be an awesome host for that show.
welcome to sibling rivalry!
i need to try but a colleague was saying that even when using rm, docker wasn't cleaning up after itself properly on disk?
it *does* clean up, but there are special cases e.g. w/ device mapper on a loop device, or when using a vm backed by a sparse file
i don't think trump ever told the fbi he couldn't remember something became he was overweight!
he's wearing a bullet proof vest. i guess they haven't figured tat out yet
again, happy birthday hope you continue to enjoy it!
thank you! appreciate it
dear terrorists, next time please attack us later in the evening so we can see what looks like at 3am
body double also is tired and sick
how i felt going into last night... aftermath of last night
round 2. dude, what happen to all that weight.....
i'm a little behind on my shows.....
i turned that off and told it to only keep two eps of any show. i can always go back for more later.
i was also the only speaker through the whole day that spoke about minorities/marginalised homeless (lgbt, poc, young, disabled, women).
glad for your voice
preparing for the homophobic backlash after reading part of the ny bomber's bc the us can't separate individual extremists from the majority
unless it's a straight, white christian male.
. they won't make anyone safer. you want peds to cross moving traffic to board bc of addiction to parking.
. disappointed that you and are subjecting riders to this risk for a small minority who drive.
umpire injury there was an nfl ploy to stop the clock and give dolphins more time. obviously.
well that's ridiculous everyone knows the patriots are the only team that ever cheats, ever
help poor susanne find lucy's missing sock!
in the dog house
did the sell out quickly this year due to popularity or because they had limited supply? discuss..
well, 2 sides of same coin - but you mean was it intentionally limited... why actually do that if you could fake it, if needed, no?
breaking! cuomo: it's terrorism "but not international terrorism" via
it's accidental terrorism
"i'm being trolled by gun rights activists, but i won't back down." -
i support you don't let cowards silence your voice.
. speaks cities w/ mayor of london today -watch the conversation on fb live:
billdeblasio so proud to be here! thank you respected mayors!
i turned that off and told it to only keep two eps of any show. i can always go back for more later.
this is a lie i tell myself so i can trick me into not having anxiety about fomo on a dozen podcasts.
for example, just posted my first set of docs for this last night, or maybe early this morning:
very cool, though you've done pretty well with first impressions thus far, so i expect nothing less. :)
i read that earlier after seeing tweets from previously. i just want to know what to do next.
i am looking for github repos with xcode/cocoapods/gemfiles as a reference. i also don't work with ruby normally.
with the tutu!!!
what browser are u using?
a handwritten letter monica lewinsky sent to christopher hitchens in 2002
her handwriting looks like a typewriter.
the autoplaying, robot-narrated video attached to this article is great. i think it is machine generated?
"powered by ." oh man this is the worst.
unfortunately for you, me, and the rule of law, hillary knows it's "good to be a clinton" -&gt;
lying ted cruz with fake videos,your career is over to late to try and lie on hillary. donald said hi by the way
and then she blessed us.
this is how much money cycle for the cause raised to fund hiv/aids research. people are good.
it ain't over til' it's over.
as long as he provides 4 his children i am good. 1 of my dreams if ever rich is 2 have kids from every race- would 1 another
i would not put it past to have had a hand in the bombing in new york. he knows that would really help him.
i so agree! it's the old reichstag maneuver.
so, vandenberg is having issues with being on fire, the russians are invoking "technical difficulties" and still no word on the fire
not a great day for space travel.
double char dog ruined me btw
only way to do it, my dude
beat they ass.. yes rt
we have different intentions
ixcanul is a beautiful, yet very depressing film. so good. right up my alley.
i also liked it a lot. beautiful film.
cars seats should fit very snug and are a hassle to adjust. also kids puke, scream and other things that embarrass prnt
puke button: car goes to base for cleaning. and surely we can innovate on better adjustable car seats?
we can help! this article offers steps to calibrate your watch for your workouts and activity:
do you not just take the calories from the app?
yeah the bisons
this giants game is ugly
that's a three-and-out for the 49ers to open the second half. that's their fourth possession without a first down.
4 possessions without a first down. i believe twitter needs a dislike button for tweets like these
and i'm wigging out because for once i started this one way early but somehow it's making the proposal more confusing
might be time to walk away from it for a couple days?
. yes. they know. and they are afraid. the deplorables are coming and it's going to be a !
,guntotingpoliceloving,peaceloving,want2clessgovtdeplorableswillwatchhillaryrantwhenshex
happy birthday ashhhh hope your war wounds heal nicely lol
it's tomorrow lol
that's a big word, i had to sound it out tbh
must be unfortunate to be illiterate
is there a periscope
there was but it froze when justin was about to sing as long as you love me
met my grandma from nigeria for the first time ever today
nice!!!! no clue you were nigerian. so nice that you met her.
i actually find it sad when parents are so obsessed with what their children's friends are doing
like checking their instagrams and asking so many questions like cmon your 50 not 17
congratulations, christian! how thrilling!
thank u so much
4 straight drives without a first down. sigh.....
you guys are gonna win don't sweat
if we reduced family ownership from 2.5 to 1 cars. and many non/post-breeders own zero, it is still game changer
wait. we're talking city ppl here. we are already closer to 1 car/family. yay?
this would be major:
more importantly, does bill have tuesday weld's phone number?
ha! hippies are of a certain age where the term chick no longer applies -but very sweet of you
boomer 60's females who still have long hair will always be hippy chicks 2 me, more so if they still smoke weed
meeting my hs bff today, a muslim convert who wears the hajib. jewish girl me designed her book cover and i'm so very proud of it-and her.
yay friends! not bff is a muslim and i'm an xtian convert. the world can be so beautiful
next tweet is a naked 2 palette giveaway
i'll take it for you
whoa congrats!! best of luck to you
thank you robbie! we'll see how it goes :) also, thanks for being twitter friends for so long
yes they do.!!! lol
lol i'm saying. das me looking for all the hoes they say i got.
how can i get a look into the press box?? i'm a senior sports communication major at marist college wanting to learn
i'm at the game now!!
i sense that the effects of this eclipse will be felt for a long time. uranus is very active.
this aquarius stellium witch is unfortunately inclined to agree
you want to make a point and i don't care
i don't care what u care about. i know ur a lying troll no matter how often u deny it.
90% of the people i have blocked i don't even remember blocking
most of my block list is egirls and leafy fan accounts.
anyone on my tl familiar with being a morning shift person and by morrning i mean 4am
me. i used to work 5 days a week at starbucks 4:30-1 lol
i was thinking about chow calls this morning
i make my kids do them 3 times a day.
look who's at the odtug table! looking good lumpy
lumpy deserves &amp; needs a private twitter account!
honestly just ignore people, it's hard but when you ignore them they find someone else to bother
that's what i've been doing! but it keeps on going month after month after month.
playing on 85.5fm agent x - mastermind, now {
brand new tune
i get so confused every time i see a pregnancy announcement from people i went to high school with. i don't get it
what's more confusing is that the people posting the pregnancy announcements aren't married...
playing on 85.5fm agent x - mastermind, now {
brand new tune
i'm ready for this
aww yisssss &lt;3 everything is lit af
. basically, the webpack build is taking longer than it takes me to refresh, so i want to lighten it's work.
if this is the core problem, you probably want dlls. not externals.
mitch mcconnell: 'one of my proudest moments' was telling obama i wouldn't do my job until he left (video)
- but most of america (except the backward boys) knows hates blacks - he's a racist from the dumb state kentucky
well duh. the stereotypes are sometimes based on very real things
that's why her thread is about. lmfao we know what the movie was about, they are still stereotypes perpetuated.
hanging up my casting mic. huge thank you to for the experience and opportunities!
was fun to cast with you, if only for a few games. best of luck to you.
rt if you agree our men and women in uniform should get the resources they need to do their job.
about the people that fought now without legs or arms,they get screwed,u make deals greed is murder
torts is a good coach, he is the reason why they are doing so well. torts is the 21st century herb brooks.
dewey i thought you were smarter. doing so well? they just lost to europe dewey europe
starting to think i made the wrong decision not to drink during this game.
as your lawyer, i can assure you that decision was not binding.
nah.. this is very serious
looool whats the problem please?
mirror, mirror, fauxcahantas: elizabeth warren: 'nasty little bully' trump has 'dark and ugly soul':
at least trump has a soul, where she is a lying faux soul
adolescent body
lmao, glad i took so long to notice.
congrats. great decision. hope you run all over the big sky. even when you play my t-birds. now let's go take what is ours!
thanks coach and you already know !!
annie, i appreciate the ! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down at
, grazie, gracias, danka, merci, spoceba &amp; thanks for the rt &amp; , annie! we have music, books at:
wait. we're talking city ppl here. we are already closer to 1 car/family. yay?
some yes. with free street parking surprising there are many with 1/person. sf stats are surprising
10 new artists you need to know, september 2016: blackpink, noname, dua lipa, young m.a and more
they look like the final nail in the industry coffin
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
but cnn keeps helping him. and continues to employ corey lewandowski.
after the james blake incident last year, pat lynch wrote this terrible letter 9/15/15
i can't stand that guy
i can now add twerking while sitting down to my list of talents
take a seat. *lays down on bed and presents face as a seat* show me what you mean?
it had an influence, but seems like it'd be a pretty niche influence, and it's such a broad trope.
are we talking in gaming specifically?
can you deliver a useful tech tip in 2 mins or less? see me in the otn lounge.
always ready for it.
congrats for making his big announcement yesterday!! northern colorado is getting a great one
thanks coach !!
once again, thought this was ebooks for just a moment
this reminds me that i need to restart the bots!
and pence falsely claims clinton would deny people right to have firearms in their homes for protection
and the press goes
fight gentrification! vote yes on measure jj!
that's my nextdoor post ;)
from : what a boomer (or gen x) and millennial learned from each other
the sound of boomer/millennial with a touch of e euro
i'm about to start my session... moscone west 3022: write powerful scripts with emcli
very good sessions!
playing on 85.5fm agent x - mastermind, now {
brand new tune
cam is such a front runner. smh.
i'm sick of him man - he's a bastard seriously big time front runner &amp; also big time sulker
i'm dying for a picture with .. any clue where i can find him between now and the end of the game??!!
i'm not at the game tonight but he's usually out at fan fest! check there!
about the easiest play you can get for a third baseman and keith and gary are losing their minds over it
was a good pick but a tad over reaction
we couldn't afford the first dick cheney. we sure as fuck don't want a second.
- pence is a f*ucking idiot / dumb as they come !!!
thinking about applying in your organisation? next course starting 5 oct
you are kind and lovely, and i appreciate (more than ever!) all you did in the first version of this course. thank you.
apple picking day! what's your favorite apple product? looking for some ideas...
the iphone 7
i'm ready for this
imma order them next month and shop for fabric lmfao
its impossible to defend if well executed
how do you feel about the alley-oop in basketball?
what time did u have to get there to open like 4?
eh store opened at 5 so 4:30 was when we arrived.
i'm very glad you're also into rimworld
how did your thing go?! i was still a little too introvert-socialed out this week : /
getting set for and &amp; bringing awareness to pediatric cancer wearing my necklace
that's beautiful!! are they for purchase or was that specially made??
i'm never going to pretend that footballs one of my interests
football is my like main interest
the national review, true to form, is not making it easy for reasonable people to articulate how snowden is a problematic figure.
he called me a "retarded faerie" because i called out his racist comments on the way black americans speak. he's a knob.
how on earth is that a catch by ginn? i don't get it
once his foot hit out of bounds the play is over. he had control.
or, if you're using bundler anyways, you should also be able to lock to active support 4, e.g.: gem 'activsupport', '&lt; 5'
are there docs on which would cover what to do to make this work?
glad to hear you guys are safe x. x x
thanks stephen
hey what's the first thing he says?? jw
i don't give a shit about what u have to say bitch you'll never b right
reneviction
"we turn them into housing that is not quite affordable but still low-priced for people in the neighborhood" - we remove affordable housing
congrats and much deserved bruh bruh ! y'all got a good one
thanks big bro
i need eli to throw just one touchdown
or get stopped in the red zone again
tsss i went today when i got off for break
brooooo my hearttttt
hey you, have a lit day
having a terrible day.
i am looking for github repos with xcode/cocoapods/gemfiles as a reference. i also don't work with ruby normally.
would recommend using the 1.1.0.rc.2
playing on 85.5fm agent x - mastermind, now {
brand new tune star
are there docs on which would cover what to do to make this work?
i'd like to make my projects easier for anyone to use or to better use cocoapods in a team environment.
oh shut it you guys are da best couple ive met
the most annoying couple* lmaoooo
thanks for the retweet &amp; , folks! visit us for good books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra:
thanks for another retweet &amp; , followers! we value your support very much! visit us soon &amp; often at
these medical doctors, nurses, clinicians must adhere to practice on their own kind
within a homosexual livelihood is their needs of "family" where legalized is. pregnancy
wow congratulations!
thank you!!! and, ps: its been great being your twitter friend for so long.
st. cloud isis terrorist identified: dahir adan - he liked the koran - was jr. in school via
jared, the junior young stabber is a koran lover.
and i'm just here contemplating if i should by chicken nuggets or not
but applause to her
rough game for rashad jennings. shane vereen in on last series, now it's orleans darkwa at rb.
back to rb by committee. worked so well last year....
yessir good look . gwm bro
you in buff right ?
when you realize &amp; have probably been joking about for a long time.
is that dt going in for the dt?! ((donald trump going in for the dick tap))
afd leader's car bombed 12 hours before voting began in berlin
if you're not catching flak,you're not over the target....
travel back to an early clinton scandal by via
clintons first big washington scandal- these are despicable people! thanks for reminder ms noonan.
bitch, what!??!! i am soo proud of her and excited!!!
let it be real!! praying
when you done doing homework weou?
i have to rain check on that for another day gotta do something later but weou after a sesh
it only ever sold 512k copies. that's pretty niche against the entire scope of the art world.
636k actually
don't get me wrong i'll still watch it, but footballs just an excuse to cuddle n eat chicken wings if you ask me
i fuck with both
balasie would never had scored that goal today
he actually has... go back in your memory bank.
ah perhaps. never thought of that. i think bernie mac, ced the entertainer, etc when i hear kings of comedy!
i think of mr. 3000 when i hear bernie mac
conditioning?
you mean the coaches way of thinking, or the physical conditioning of the players?
how can i change my handle on i want to start contributing packages on a new project asap! :)
you'll have to create a new account. packages under the old account? email support.com and we'll help. : )
writing away...deadlines...i am proud of my big mouth...good bye rex...learned alot the past week...
going to miss you
donald j. trump rally monday fort myers, fl 3 pm et
.soit'sattacktrump2win. sheisdeplorable.sheisnot"potus"ready
7 day forecast: rain tomorrow, then sunny and warmer than normal until sunday.
rain chance brighton beach 7am-8:30am monday ?
- hello! thanks mr yates. drop us an email! info.london
fantastic! will do so today!
i've read so many contradicting things about where she graduated from. but i know she also attended ca labor school as well
she graduated from ca labor. wash didn't expel her for being pregnant. ppl made that up recently for some reason.
otherness: not faith or race but his cool detachment, intellectual distance + oblig to global v. us responsibilities
you spent all this time "reading" obama. you should examine yourself for the bigotry and racial bias u had hidden all this time
over is a reaction dip shit.
i know. james ellsworth gets a better reaction then him
donald trump is a liar.
donald trump &amp; co. will say anything.
wrong read, wrong target, stared him down the whole time, but that rocket arm power did the job
but enough about you at the club last night
would recommend using the 1.1.0.rc.2
perhaps it would be better to start an issue and work though the steps in that way. it could help others who find it later.
gabbert is a poor mans alex smith
your giving him way too much credit...
playing on 85.5fm agent x - mastermind, now {
brand new tune kadondo
miss you already . come back
what time do you get off workkk!!
i've failed you....you literally have more photos of me than i do. but! i do still have the photos i drew of you!
lol i probably do! i have pics from a loooong time ago! and recent ones! you're too cute. i have pics i drew if you too
i appreciate your follow, minerva! good luck to you! vie have good music, books, great photos, ideas at
i'm grateful for the , minerva! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down at
i mean this is really why i watch
i'm guessing he didn't become prince charming
his legacy is crap bec he allowed her to pull him into her criminal foundation, pay to play &amp; election fraud. 8 yrs of zero
yeah. where did the "hope" go...
does he just yell into his phone like it's the tv?
yell at the tv. phone just dictates.
hands have become sausages. lesson: dont give up life drawing.
detailed in such weird places...
- fleetwood mac live with peter green.
great band. bbc sessions amazing .. what a bluesy tone they have
does anyone else think that the "too close to call" polls are nonsense manufactured to drive a story right to election day?
cui bonon indeed. what untainted data could disprove this theory?
happy (late) bday can't wait to whoop your ass come golf season enjoy your bday sundae bro
ayye thanks elbert, are you that ready to get whooped on the course??
can i lick your cum of your face, please..?
after you do please don't greedily swallow cause it's snowball time between the 3 of us gurls/girls ~ ( c ;
my guess is that you are being humble. i love your books anyway...
umm, i've never written a book, but thanks.
our gilead team is participating in 's life walk today in sf's golden gate park. gl to all participants!
timothy ray brown foundation wall st.fraud w/dave purdy&amp;chad johnson lets talk dirt...
why don't trump supporters get that he lied to you about the president's birthplace for five long years? lied to you! lied!! get it? lied!!
oh they get it all right but to quote a troll in my timeline "i don't care."
roanoke's lost colony: the truth behind new 'american horror story' season
connection to s1
last notes last night in singapore - adam and me at end of thrust - that was a long walk ! i got...
sending love and support.please be better !!
.: "... owes an apology."
yup. but it will never happen!
wow i really want a bagel
egg everything veg cc
tough series inside 10 for cousins. don't like all the fades they throw + misses garon badly.. fg by hopkins (sneaky good fantasy k) 23-20
willie snead is no 40th ranked receiver anymore
most of mine are furries that i've literally never seen before and leafy fans
also people that are generally unfunny and annoying.
catholic liturgy is uniform, but parish practice varies a lot. mass at st. monica's is one of my faves.
just finished a book on the history of the catholic church. trying to round out my heathen upbringing.
reading working out loud
i just realized this was your second tweet!!! and....that your first was an article from the onion. hmmmm. :-)
my last 3 bfs i met via dating apps, which is kind of bizarre. its been years since i dated someone i met in real life.
how the interwebs have conspired to bring me here
now discussing one of the biggest topics for this week: antimicrobial resistance
a lot of talk will be about social responses to amr: taking meds properly, not pressuring docs, choosing meat consumption wisely
jp put it best when he said i don't make impressions, i make impacts. i've feared this might actually be true ever since.
i can see how that's harder for you, but it's awesome for the rest of us. :)
couldn't have said it better...
mole alert: obama is the mole!!!!
era cabro ~~ ~~ retweets, likes, and feedback is all greatly appreciated! :) enjoy!
giveaway at 100 likes and 50 rts?
still, never will i have a reality tv host as president.
then demand sanders return2 fix wwide bankruptcy which is 8 yrs old now. no 1 except &amp; can sort
i stopped wondering; i learned as truth that he's one of them after he remained silenced during
his silence through so many things...
sorry, stop talking. no one can take you seriously. go get your gabbert jersey.
you mean an organization that leads the league in arrests in the last 5 years?? gtfo
what are the odds that hillary was asleep when this happened?
. so oblivious to recognizes the zombie state of her campaign and plane press core.
today is (apparently) national female friendship day. i am eternally grateful for all of my amazing, inspiring, kickass lady friends
love you two so much
the moment you've been waiting for.
ahem "leftovers" season 3?
"it's time to get sloppy"
"a petty smirk"
being in the pit is dope - have fun!
it's incredible seeing how fast everything goes.
this updates /ipsos electoral map shows more than nearly anything how much has changed in just a month.
stay on message,focus on how he will best serve us,the ppl.she has no achievable record
this kind of thing is republicans' wet dream, making the govt look like a beast to be starved to voters.
actually, all the republican's tax cutting measures consolidated power at the state level, where it was easier
yes, that is how stupid the trump campaign and right-wing media think the rest of america is.
look into name, mark penn, chief clinton strategist.
first emacs sighting
your editor is bad and you should feel bad!
uber eats came to me without my food -_-
that's what happens, should have called me
just shows you how bad the rams and 49ers are
y'all gave up 500 total yards and 4 tds to a 7-9 team and had to rally back to win by one.. calm down bro worry bout julio today
i mean if you actually did kill yourself you'd be doing all of us a favor so i guess you're helping ppl??
im a team player
oh for heavens sake, lighten up. i wish a long and healthy life! just not as president.
can you say madam president?
lmfao, i'm good for two more yrs. then im fucked
at least you can accept it now
that's what you think
ohhhhh i didn't see he score u scared ?
16 years old, and doesn't need a governess. rip, charmian carr.
oh my god, i actually just started crying.
isis? it was a troubled kid. just like orlando &amp; no one died. ny &amp; nj not terror related. stop selling racist rear smdh
trump,a man who stirs up hostility&amp;discord, talks about making our country great?
actually, all the republican's tax cutting measures consolidated power at the state level, where it was easier
for public sector unions to lobby for their own interests.
still, never will i have a reality tv host as president.
you have one now that's the most aggressive de-porter in us hist
what boredom does to me
i wrote this 2 years ago and it's still relevant
walking to work through chelsea and it's so totally uplifting to see my new yorkers living their sundays unafraid. i ny.
besides the crowds, i love nyc
1 yr zzz...
oh you mean a 49er organization that leads the league in arrests in the last 5 years lmao gtfo
phi phi o'hara honestly deserves the world and i hope her flight back from the uk is going okay
she's such a saint and a nice person i guess 99.9% of peoples opinion of him is wrong.
this is gonna be one of those lunar eclipses that lingers for 6 months, like it or not!
i've been feeling march of 17'...@ least for me. exactly saturn/mars return.&amp;1yr.postop. wishing peace 4 nyc
the pats cheerleaders getting down to "hit me baby one more time" has been the highlight of the day.
at least your creepin it real jj
got this really sexy bikini from my girl ..this knows her stuff because...
um is babbling allowed? because that is my geeky reaction..wow!!
can you get nfl redzone on your ipad for comcast?
if you're a college student or live in apt that can't get directv
trump's insanity has obscured how far to the right mike pence is: "i frankly hold dick cheney in really high regard"
it's also obscured because neocons like wolfowitz and kagan have endorsed hillary.
that just made me sick to my stomach. spawn in eli.
they're looking like the 2015 giants, unable to score in the red zone.
curled one in the corner like that? scored a nice one at arsenal. but he'll never have the composure of townsend
so you remember the arsenal goal?
he's booed bc fans are sick of seeing him as a face. that doesn't mean he's the most over
beeing boo'd for ur character is over. exapmle, rusev.
going on cnn at 3:20 pm to discuss the latest from chelsea.
nice appearance on cnn. will the blind association need $ for repairs?
yeah nobody wanna listen
he's going to have a huge year.
superb actress. her silent movies and her talkies are equally awesome.
agreed. she's one of the giants.
i find this very interesting timing ...
return of rb by committee, or is someone hurt?
who wants 2 be a kind soul and come w me to ozzfest next weekend plz and thank
i'll be there!!!!
my editor is flipping amazing and your editor goes ten years between releases.
bill joy vi is the greatest piece of software ever written.
i'll be back
80 &amp;
awesome!
all thanks to the ttsf team!! cc:
shit is harddd
girl. i thought about writing a story about a girl with pcos cuz most stories about fat girls i've read are sorely lacking
elastic doesn't mean growing or shrinking - many orgs invest on datacenters that are always underutil...
...see spotify move to google cloud, recently
i have a pink assc hat don't @ me
reported and deleted from facebook
saints' leading receiver today is willie snead iv (5 catches, 54 yards, 1 td). he was an undrafted free agent who signed w/ browns in 2014.
but he can catch the ball when it's thrown to him! something jets never learned with jace amaro, stephen hill.
oic yea that's what i'm gonna have to do if i get morning shift, how did u go about adjusting ur schedule to wake up early
i didnt do it well lol. it was very hard 4 me to balance that and then hosting parties fridays and saturdays (12am-5am basically)
100-year-old tortoise fathers 800 offspring in fight to save species
now that's a real man, unlike lying coward trump!
shit is harddd
but i think it would be too painful to write.
curled one in the corner like that? scored a nice one at arsenal. but he'll never have the composure of townsend
we could argue this all day... it's all about opinions.
huh? why does uivisualeffectsview loose its animations when you send the app to background?!
also seeing the same issue!
i'm getting sick watching it
terrible play calling at the 2 yard line just costed them a touchdown, running the ball on 2nd and goal from a shotgun
yes a real performer
girl, you want her to crowd surf and spit jack daniels on people?? she's great, but not super bowl great.
ahhh i want to buy the special set already i want that ssr+
i got the riko yukata ssr earlier from birthday loveca so i hope you get the you one!!!
horrible play call by mcadoo
it's been a whole game of bad play calling. ugh.
you are so right! there's no climbing out of that deep, dark, putrid basket!
he2s "home dicking the bimbos" nice!
shelter in place this is not a drill authentication kolsch taco actual
we are maintaining the outer richmond at room temperature for as long as we can
the wonder of it all
how long have you been waiting to do this
i never was into extreme soul food: pig intestine, pig ears, lard, the worst parts etc. i felt it was slave food before i confirmed.
i kno there was a disconnect when the doo doo smell filled the house and it was totally ok
i though i quit twitter but then these girls show up and i'm like, what, i'm supposed to keep this to myself?
were they attracted by the marvelous music spilling forth from your pianny??
oic yea that's what i'm gonna have to do if i get morning shift, how did u go about adjusting ur schedule to wake up early
in retrospect i would probably make sure to always get those 8 hours of sleep and make schedules dividing your certain duties.
when in texas, breakfast tacos.
agree! we know a place in brooklyn too for when the craving strikes again.
still can't believe i'm a senior
and that i have only 1 year left with the greatest, most loving class on earth
pay attention kids. this is how the "progressive liberal hillary" backers really feel about you!
lol, i picked you out personally b/c ppl like you have given up on american (and yourself it seems).
sunday's and monday's off are the best.
it was the best kept secret. i still got monday's but my sunday's are a dub
a lot of talk will be about social responses to amr: taking meds properly, not pressuring docs, choosing meat consumption wisely
another big thing under discussion: how do we support antibiotic research? no new ab's for 20 yrs as not large market
so that's the "key point" when 29 people are injured?
said "key point" not "the key point"
jimmy g. looks good. not taking anything away from him. but, boy, the dolphins defense looks awful. guys wide open everywhere.
awful defense or pats system? i think combination of both.
naw bro i disagree. shump in cleveland is different than shump in ny. he slacked there but he provides value for the cavs
lol they need to ask more of him, bc his outputs been next to none if u ask me
also "i spent $300 and it sucks." lol? you couldn't figure that out after 20? 50? $100? christ on a cracker, this shit is never stopping.
i'm now caught up-always impressed/depressed with how little joy people get from the games themselves. just enjoy a ride for once.
@ follows deonte first tho
that's a fact.
oic yea that's what i'm gonna have to do if i get morning shift, how did u go about adjusting ur schedule to wake up early
aka divide your errands by the day and follow the pattern bc its so easy to just get overwhelmed and sleep
: director storyeditor dp pa and a lucky bastard.
and what a view!!!!! what are you doing in my city?!!!
na man it's factz ask kenny hammercocks
joey biceps lol
colin powell on .
this is how he really feels! truth hurts! but it's still truth!
now look what you people have done.
if hillary doesn't win, carl has to go to the hospital!
maybe you're mistaking her for trump
oh wait there's more
you shut out a team a week ago and get taxed this week! shows you how this defense is a fluke
if any defense is a fluke it's the raiders "elite" d
a 55-60% win for hrc w/ turnout roughly in line with previous years gross voter # s. disprove the closeness and the "new voters"
oh, agree. but i'd love to prove this attractive hypothesis now. interesting experiment to think about how one could.
you live in sj? well, it's alright. only food and downtown is dope. i really like oakland tbh if sj gets super expensive lol.
yeah, pretty much thing to do. what do you do in oakland?
damn hop the police not gon be at borough hall train station 2marr cause i aint tryna pay my fare so smd
what's in borough hall
everyone giving me weird looks on the bus as i carry my step stool &amp; groceries: don't act like you've never been in this situation before.
this is new york. i gave up my luxury of a car when i moved from la.
facts since day one that's what niggas was calling it
lol dead ass tho
gitmo prisoner drops bombshell about saudi arabia and 9/11
remember they gave gobs n gobs of money to hillary!
lebron arrives to chants of "kobe! kobe!"
rams fans showing no class
copping 2k before work was a horrible idea
hang in there bud
you have a wonderful wife ...
i'm a lucky guy! , thank you
she did this one from her country album...cover of an old brenda lee song. loved it.
actually, it sounds nice. back to her blue angel roots. :d
does anyone have any experience with moving records? driving my collection down to sd and am afraid of heat warp/damage.
about to get the experience lol
this is true for most any situation.
"in case of emergency, break glass."
season 3 is the bestdo you see what i mean about the animation?
no. lol i just finished up season 2, i haven't started on 3 yet. i'll probably start it later tonight.
i will only refer to as papa now
"i love it when you call me big poppa, throw ur hands in the air if yous a true playa"
lol dead ass tho
i forgot about that parade thou shit ain't been lit since like 09
they're ripley from warby right? for reference here's how they looked on me
hose are a great shape for you!
yo i lost all my followers ahahahaha oh fuck this is karma for laughing at that baby falling i know it is
lmaooo you lost like 200,000 followers
youre mean as heeeeeelll to him though
only sometimes
oh, agree. but i'd love to prove this attractive hypothesis now. interesting experiment to think about how one could.
privately funded polling in order to lock in trading positions now. hedge funds could do it. they're not ad driven like media.
gabbert clearly not very good, but always come back to what says: the entire 49ers' offense has no playmakers.
jeremy kerley walked off the streets &amp; was the best wr on the team - sad
if i play kate bush all afternoon will you come to the cafe
who tf says c u l8r to that show yourself
i rest my case. james rodriguez is world class and deserving of that no. 10 jersey for real madrid
put some respek on his name
the media needs to keep hitting trump for calling that bomb in chelsea a bomb. they've finally got him on the ropes with this one!
hah hah hah
after nearly 12 months working on this project we're excited for the us launch
very well done and tremendously effective. thanks for creating this.
not sure if my butt is finally coming in from squats or if these khaki shorts are just doing me justice lol!
either way, it's a good butt day!!!
my god, branch did nothing on that fumble. he stood around thinking about what the hell he's gonna have for dinner.
could have been gone for 6 too. fuck this team, man. it's always something.
getting ready to listen to 179 topic: horror yay!
buckle in. that's a long one. lots of booze.
"listen to this song when you get the chance it reminds me of you" thx
i'm not wrong
to be fair unlike you guys were, i will give you guys until the end of the game.
we playing against a team that went to the super bowl last year, y'all played a team that ain't even go over .500
woulda never guessed
yeah right??
ha, that is brilliant
all the credit to my good food loving husband ! "i don't want catering hall food" in a nut shell
religion has such a noticeable impact on the way people act
more specific, the way they treat other people of difference
so i fainted today. got a little hot apparently. great start to the vacation!
dude! take care of yourself
another big thing under discussion: how do we support antibiotic research? no new ab's for 20 yrs as not large market
this is why it's come to the , amr is a big public health issue, and something the market is not doing enough on
perhaps, but the ranking is about purity and application, so hard not to feel some claim about that is being suggested.
that it's an illusion i think
if kirk can close out strong, i'll let the 57 errant passes slide
in fairness, you didn't say what team he had to close strong for...
i only ask because you're so rich and snooty that you give the impression you literally smoke money because you can.
-no, i just find ppl who have given up on america and themselves a waste of time
happy birthday! it's my daughter's birthday and , too! today is loaded with awesome births.
happy birthday everyone
for tickets and more information on robert townsend's "living the shuffle" go to
this is great news! you are a man of integrity and your work is beautiful! i will be there!
never forget that this man is on trial for raping a 13 year old girl. four times. also he's running for president.
his true plans 4 the usa r similar 2 his obvious intent in this pic take advantage as he attempt 2 appear innocent.
i'm barely following the mets today.
its ok they're fine lol. my fantasy teams however not so much
you thought this election cycle couldn't get weirder? is asking kek for redemption.
had spiritualists over my place &amp; sunny bono's hot headed spirit said:vote 4 trump! about hrc-cher better than h at her age
link? and i wanna see react native :d
react native next week, i need more prep. slackbot today :)
breaking: has no ground game in delaware, ohio
one, two, three, four, five, six! now that's enthusiasm
hopefully cob won't be whack &amp; play sixpounder so i can snap my neck
these settimes gmfu i cant believe i gotta pic brujeria or hatebreed &amp;then decide between st &amp; mw im gettin anxiety
not sure if my butt is finally coming in from squats or if these khaki shorts are just doing me justice lol!
either way, it's gonna be a good butt day!!!
extraordinary
lots of switch pitchers and batters in baseball requires official guidelines
thank you - yes, johnson does not deserve any progressive/liberal votes at all
that's a good assessment. i love hrc yet would rather vote 4 someone i wasn't crazy about than someone who'd destroy us.
starcraft 2. games usually don't go longer than twenty minutes so you play when free time provides itself
except for when one game turns into 2 and so on... :o)
stop saying "class c" for network sizes, unless you are doing a historical re-enactment. its deprecation is old enough to drink.
i do accept "class c-sized"; even that is getting long in the tooth. bigger q - is "ips" vs. "ip addresses" acceptable?
perhaps if there weren't 15,000 uber cars on the street every day, there would be less congestion?
each uber corresponds to riders foregoing a car trip, or making travel they couldn't otherwise - a good thing!
how u doing loconuts
i'm good, just waiting for this football game to start how bout you?
they really made a mixtape together?
nah just hella fucking singles to fuck wit our minds
it's hard to know that bc gabbert doesn't put the throws close enough
really? it doesn't take a rocket scientist to see we don't have talent
they do sometimes on hot 97
yeah that sounds right, more like this!
i just remembered i have the url codelyokofanfiction
i use it for lovelive music trntbl this is the first thing i completely forgot im crying suddenyl
we beat super bowl winners
not this year lmfao
wikileaks' guccifer 2.0:obama sold public offices to donors( that man can never be forgiven for all the sins he did
all the sellouts started when they were made legal&amp;profitable by alexander hamilton w/treasonous treaty of paris. we were all sold.
been doing it more since the start of the 2nd half, almost no calls, of course
i've noticed. they were clean in the 1st.
spending sunday reading that gorilla mindset by
per amazon its about an 8 hr read
(you have 13 days, actually)
to just walk in and trade it out? ok, thanks...
can't forget these joints they did they ready ft big krit jig is up temptations shock the world hiipower
wait hiipower?? theres a cole mix?
congrats on the commit lil bro keep workin !
thanks big bro. can't wait to see you make you decision. stay grinding
i accept that you think that, but the facts are on my side. good luck
the only fact is that u have a different def. than me.
ls he on your fantasy,aj green.
yup!! so thats one lineup down the drain
not everyone from ky is dumb not vouching for mcconnell tho
-agree - it's primarily mitch boy - he is so narrow in his thinking
&gt;&gt; no, disarming law abiding citizens is threat, and un-constitutional. libs struggle w/ constitutional issues.
you're real good at projection, a common defense tactic for the intellectually deficient.
in germany &amp; austria 14 yr oldmuslim boy raped 10 &amp; 7 yr old ina park.when will democratdrunderheads &amp; hillary learn?
did you go to school? you need help with grammar. dipshits need not apply. nor is hate welcome here. move along inbreeder.
fox news poll: qualified to be president?
minnesota-mall knife stabber is dahir adan asecurityguard of somaliandescent
why are bernie sanders supporters voting 3rd party over hillary clinton? you can't wake us up and then expect us to go back to sleep.
don't want u2go back2sleep but 2wake-up&amp;preventtrump presidency.
what the heck
maybe call sos taco i've never seen it
i accept that you think that, but the facts are on my side. good luck
i provided facts as well:
are you sure you wanted to retweet this?
not sure what i retweeted. i dont' see it. probably not
on top of the armoire
it's where my dad put the bronze cleaner cuz now he needs me to find that!
the daily mail shamed chelsea clinton for missing her daughter's first day of school:
apparently she wasn't with her.
did colin dye his hair again? stop it, old man
gdahdhsjjdjs he wants to stay young
i 'fixed' the websites cast list
and now i want to listen to the obcr
susanne is in the bedroom at the moment!
so is it in the drawer rolled up in a t-shirt?
for the win:
joy, i want you to be the debate moderator.
happy birthday, pretty girl!
thank you beautiful!
condos just seem like not a great idea. something you'd only create if you were dead set on ownership over all else.
fundamental problem of condo system is that it puts a bunch of amateurs in charge of managing &amp; maintaining fairly complicated buildings.
yes.. and the giants rushed at 0:00, and got called.
no mention on broadcast or even a replay. the snap was almost a full second late.
third string? no problem.
are you watching this game???
same look different party
which look was better
stay on message,focus on how he will best serve us,the ppl.she has no achievable record
know materials,debate with confidence.aldr that inspires.shesweak
mrw i learn that the "red zone" by the nfl is not in fact about communism
but don't lose the fact you must be in the red zone to score naomi!
fact checker: christie's claim that trump did not "on a regular basis" spout birther nonsense after 2011
"hey chris, get me two big macs and large fries... and make it quick." -
are you sure you wanted to retweet this?
please send me it and i will delete it.
we beat super bowl winners
after they already clinched y'all division ? great accomplishment
happy birthday, beautiful!
thank you so much christian!
police??? apologize for interferring during the practice, after the others point out it's just part of their belief.
if someone is hurting others, that's the only time i take issue with one's beliefs.
. it's about to be on.
if i wasn't here, i'd be there!
sent this to spox, to ask how he will fulfill promise to give $5m if assured pres. obama born in us
"what difference at this point does it make?"
priebus: rnc could block kasich and bush from running again if they don't back trump
this is not how any of this is supposed to work. imagine a dem saying this on sunday morning. would be breaking news all day.
like a boss
and then we thought we saw dt and the guy waved to us
yes, so the trick is: don't make them stretchy, just stretch the part you want to! ;)
which means you solved it?
his blog is really good and voluminous. if you like putting your brain into overdrive on a sunday am.
oh i meant that i am reading the book -- but yes, will check out the blog!
ha ha yeah it's great. the good old days. it may have been medically crazy, but at least honest.
it reminds me of my grandpa quite frankly so i shared it with the family let's see if they share the humor.
worst new men's fashion trend? burning man bun.
but he looks so enlightened?
cory booker: republicans are outraged over trump
is obviously delusional just trying to divert attention from and all her corruption
sounds like you are getting the full 6 months! this eclipse formed a grand water trine with my scorpio sun &amp; venus &amp; cancer planets.
oh fun. was kissing my scorpio,jupiter/neptune,12th...ghosts! old wounds and love.aint we got fun
best day evereth !!
send me picxxxx
i love that nobody ever has anything to talk about (myself included) and yet we keep filling up the yawning void with podcasts
my deepest passion is making sounds with my mouth and pretending they mean something
there was so much cosplay in there lmao. i had no idea! i feel loved ;; i don't even know what to say
you don't even know! you don't have to say anything you were my first real girl crush, and i love you more than anything
hi there! to make sure, do your network stats meet our requirements here? ^tj
- bandwidth more than enough. all other apps work. it's just in app on . works for 2 mins and hangs
but the uniforms are quite nice.
i miss the old logo!
it will catch
no it won't
"you have reached your limit of 10 free articles per month. please either open an incognito browser or switch to a free news source."
guilty as charged
who's in?
me! most definitely!!!!
she needs this every morning, every evening, every night.
you drew this
physical of the players, but yes, it's tradition. the "we had to run laps when i was a player..." mentality.
by that theory the best hitters will be in the worst shape.
ciao darling truly i hope u have a great day ;)
enjoy your weekend, don't waste it on hate.
i will definitely try. i know you need a rsvp, so i'll get back to you asap.
thank you
eddie johnson: lebron james challenging michael jordan for best of all time.
first of all. wilt chamberlin, kareem abdul jabbar and then maybe mj.... maybe. check your ball history, and i left out bill.
this was a savage only team boi on everything
real shit
excited to be here at talking about fate and state of today. watch livestream at
excited to be here with friends like
no babe. america gave up on me. mostly because the democrats gave up on me. i will gladly return the favor.
as i said, if you won't contribute and you feel screwed - can't help you - don't let the door hit you in the way out
trump's electoral map may not be as hard as romney's was, but it's still pretty hard. needs pennsylvania or virginia -- unlikely, imo.
yes. maybe wisconsin/michigan?
of course we're a team any enemy of steves is a friend of mine
lmfaoo wow
what a fucking piece of trash monster. whatcha gonna do about her? like, that's it for you guys, right?
blood is thicker than (some) soup.
i never saw a nypd official respond 2 a question about june central park explosive with a non answer &amp; a sprint off the podium
- it's like these guys were in the middle of a spin class in a third language when called upon to comment...
i also think hillary needs different surrogates. &amp; i think she incorrectly thinks barack/michelle are going to win her all the black votes.
no she doesn't think that. what is your problem with her?
kasich: trump owes obama apology for birtherism claim
hc started it
at least this one youtube won't come for your ass for just mistaking buttons for nips...
right?! lol
that would've been amazing
this is what we get for bringing wrs to a punter fight.
i'm sure jose will find someone to blame this week apart from himself.. players and refs the last games
jose has brained it with team selections. surprised by him. missed the game today but still confident
mac fall league - 21' alyssa peganoff should be at the top of the list in her class. range, size, speed
amazing how talented these young players are today. thanks 2the wnba players who they watch &amp;emulate everyday.
which would make some strange sense for ice-t. also let's watch some sports ball next week.
yes &amp; yes!
a long time ago! you say i'll be sending them to zzzzzz
what!!!?? no!!!
deception is a truly horrid tactic watch it be a trump supporter
all signs don't point towards it believe me if it was a alt right home grown terrorist the news would be all over it
damn it i'm wasn't top 3
still love you tho
idk about all of you but i go all out for spirit week
catch me tm wearing feetie pajamas
"this is such bogus spin that we have to wonder how christie manages to say it with a straight face."
i can only imagine all the crap he said regarding bridgegate.
i will definitely try. i know you need a rsvp, so i'll get back to you asap.
rsvp is not an absolute must to get in, but it is helpful to have an approx head count.
after watching *certain* reactions to the dga report, it better be a long time before i see anything about "females" being emotional.
you could say life is full of surprises but i'm tired of wild reactions instead of rational debate. you and l were reasonable
trump plays the media...they're outraged
are you really going to support trump really ??
everything is blue his pills his hands his jeans &amp; now im covered in the colors pulled apart at the seams &amp; its blue
my freaking heart exploded!
i'm sure jose will find someone to blame this week apart from himself.. players and refs the last games
listening to pool fans talk about that chelsea win is laughable. "were improving and on the right track"
wow what a beautiful way to honor
only the best for the best.
at this point i think the apple weather app is just some cruel performance art piece designed to fuck with me
more accurate ways to predict the weather: -trick knee acting up -reading chicken bones -farmers almanac -watching a movie about a storm
thank you for spreading the word! stay in touch please
you too, please!! xo
that could work but if kap comes now and balls up there will be no controversy
yeah because the panthers are just allowing underneath passes which will make kap look good
always adore notes in print shops. from one typesetter to another.
more notes in print shops, this time in san francisco.
tweet your investment with &amp; to enter! rules:
investing in a house so i have a place to live
. you're going to have to ask them, but i'm pretty sure this kitten invited them over for mimosas.
that kitten is a charmer.
this awesome knows exactly what to do when in a tight spot....pull out his light sabres!
i made a music video out of it! vs ... checkmeowt:
it's clear what the cartoon aims at, belief (in religion). it questions freedom of religion, at all cost.
i'm not sure that it questions "freedom of religion" per se, but simply any harmful ritualistic acts that occur.
of finishing top 6 yeah ??
jon you'll get found out. you won't win the league
it's almost a rip that's what a run is! gotcha! at least it's by your foot and not somewhere else!
that's a stock image, mine is in the middle of my leg
no, everything is not race. but this is
one hint of guilt is that he keeps trying to explain himself after getting caught.
too cynical to say they need to grow the f up? outreach to r's is not capitulation. or they're just as bad as obstructionist r's.
yes, since the one who needs to grow the fuck up is you. progressives have no interest in a corrupt warmonger mingling with repubs
trump campaign now allows volunteers to make phone calls from home with new website
hope they call my house... love to give them a piece of my mind.. lol!!
amazing to see steamroller letterpress at the roadworks printing festival!
(wish i could afford this!)
uh, that's a stellar team. no wonder the event was so good. cc //
couldn't work with better people!
yet again i am vindicated.
do an a.american appointment to your cabinet 2 over see chicago, detroit-accountability
i started a small fire this morning in my kitchen. clearly today is gonna be a great day
why does this not surprise me
send me a pic of ur char and i might draw
just use my icon.
i've just uploaded a new video "lotion &amp; foot worship joi" to
looked sexy so i grabbed it
is that a thing wtf
omg ps happy josh day! do you get free drinks on josh day?
please do oliver north of iran contra affair also
selling arms to iran &amp; funding nicaragua with the proceeds
just snapped up a free ticket to ! join me and meet 300 of the world's top ! via
nice score! we are heading to 's today. it is the initial keynote from
4 years ago i tricked her into being my girlfriend. yesterday i tricked her into being my wife....
i am so happy for you dev, you are such a wonderful man and i wish you both every happiness life can offer. love you brother
its only possible when everyone has the opportunities and resources to hopefully by 2030 we would have made significant strides
you are very right but in our little ways and means we can still take little steps that turn into movements
man kunto maula .....many versions but mam have you heard this one from on doordarshan
gustakhi maaf aapne zaroor suni hogi par this seems the best shortened version, i have listened to their 40 minutes versions too
simplest and most accurate app. good at predicting rain
will check it good looks
too cynical to say they need to grow the f up? outreach to r's is not capitulation. or they're just as bad as obstructionist r's.
so, the fact you can't see that and expect people to vote against their values and vote like you is tremendously childish.
i just got done playing piano so i checked my phone lmao
you home yet
what hope? c'mon! they are who we thought they were. unable to complete many plays
as expected.
that was som
the princess of brooklyn
i know she's not racist, i love her so much and i know that she loves everyone i'm disgusted by that racist pic
you do know thats photoshopped right?
i wanna know his reaction
we probably wouldn't know till after he sings purpose
it's clear what the cartoon aims at, belief (in religion). it questions freedom of religion, at all cost.
if specifically an issue of 'freedom of religion', why not allow murder as part of said 'religious freedom'?
i'm surprised it's that low.
i was when i first started, now 4 years later that's just it. i put a bunch of effort into it for not much value
so when the average person sees a headline or lands on your site "sideways" its easier to lump it all together
wapo &amp; vox have played that to their advantage with multiple articles with contradictory povs of an issue too
i once respected . then came "what is aleppo?" today, he says he's glad "no one got hurt" in nyc bombing that injured 29 ppl.
that wacky tobaccky
another headline that is not based in reality of situation or what de blasio said
de blasio is a joke. media reports notwithstanding, he could have been clearer. to many, saying intentional = terrorism.
what's your favorite move you do while watching football mine is the frustrated handclap after my team messes something up
i'm partial to pulling out my phone and thumbing through menus after a bad play
*cousinship
hell yeah bro, last night was a really good night
enjoying a lazy sunday morning in . nowhere in the world does coffee like .
agree. i also think the coffee in albania is up there with italy on the top.
fuckkkkk man stay up though you got this brodie
thanks, you gotta start the free tommy polo wave if i get locked up
you have a daily lunch notification in your calendar? that's so smart. would remind me to eat.
i not only forget to.. it's also so people don't book that period and my diet continues to be protein bars
are they serious
photoshopped
ah i see! heh yes remembering signing a stack of em there :p
i finished it just now and now i'm in breathless stupor. bravo. i have no praise high enough for this masterpiece. i'm serious.
we will win it by at least 10 points
delusional. you won't win it. de bruyne is lethal though
i added a quick note on painlessly using freebsd as a dual stack ipv4 / ipv6 router with comcast
hey - i got this setup ... but my router (freebsd) isn't "routing". can ping. can ping6 router inside.
i do contribute fucker! every goddamn dime i have ever earned went to pay for the healthcare profiteering party!
- way too much anger - you belong with the trump people. seek help, it works
i love this venus xtravaganza shirt by . i hope some of the proceeds go to a trans charity?
i'm wearing that right now! yup, the true colors fund, dedicated to ending homelessness for the queer community.
ben to williams. 24-9. this game is over.
as long as we don't go to prevent (ourselves from winning)
if specifically an issue of 'freedom of religion', why not allow murder as part of said 'religious freedom'?
logically, 'freedom of religion' should allow the ability for someone to justify murder w/ 'freedom of religion'.
omg, you're so sweet. thank you for being one of the only people to stick by my side for this many years. irly!!
and i'll continue to be by your side! that won't ever change. irlym
here's 3 short stories from my comic series - free to read online
thanks tony! very cool, will check it out now
taking it to a new level with - video credit @ chelsea, london
sorry bradley but your routines are better than porn
is it too late for me to pick a different race? i don't want to be associated with these bigots.
photoshopped
how you plan to eat it then? :/
now you can poach your eggs and eat them too.
our own goro-san introduces the world to fujitsu's cool tech, tomorrow at 11am
not able to attend ? see the session streamed live at 11am pt at
that home button not working with gloves is a big problem for us northern folks though :p
definitely. however, the screen never worked with (non-capacitative) gloves. how useful was just the home button?
they held it during life is worth living as well
oh that's cool we'll just have to wait
(wish i could afford this!)
bucket list, meet your match.
golden tate till the wheels fall off
ughhhh tate is doing absolutely nothing for me lol
yall wanna hear this or naw
now on my soundcloud s/o for the beat.!!
u stole him from me i hate you. and no i dont want him back.
take him back pls i'm begging u he's too much
great today show piece on lyft past, present, and future:
think app that can sniff (well, detect) explosives. or the triggering device. or the bomber's biometrics and/or behavior. lift. no y
our next prez to lead and protect us. can't wait to call her madame president hillary clinton
our next competent, commander in chief to lead and protect us. can't wait to call her madame president hillary clinton
this is too real. also avocado: *costs $67.72*
stop buying avocados at whole foods jfc
cruising down sunset boulevard in my convertible with the top down blasting some new corey feldman
i bought the corey feldman dance dvd
ultra set bodied , since then *scream fart*
never bodied to me, but bet * scream fart *
. . qb is done for the day. if grade 1 ac sprain could miss one week. w/ grade 2-3 sprain or clavicle frx out 1-3 months.
no. hoping it's just the 1 game. jimmy g was auditioning for future job, availability needed.
he yacked every organ out
"dont fucking do that shit in my house bro" lmfao
you ok? (just seen the news)
yeah fine! it was in the city somewhere and hofstra is a good 30 minute train ride away x
i wanna get in a fight at a gas station
"jonathan allen bales theater" ?
thank you for everything you have given to this game of basketball.
some amazing players/people are retiring from the wnba this year. thanks for the memories and enjoy your new journey. congrats!
icymi: shelton benjamin- return update
awesome news! i can wait. the important thing is that this was caught and repaired before irreparable
i provided facts as well:
according to your logic, the beatles are also "outdated", thus invalid.
so what exactly is donald trump hiding from voters? pretty much everything.
,what t hide is not crime, what you hide&amp;destroyed r crime evidence! why y use bleach bit if y do not want to hide??
don't tell me what to do dad
knock it off seifart
never sure whether to root harder against the new browns or the old browns.
third-party vote: sinkhole at 50-yard line.
to celebrate i present you the of my . hehe.
that looks so great!
"voluntarily" ending slavery in white us meant a civil war, 100 years of segregation, and a battle against = rights.
who you voting for?
'anti' has fallen out of the billboard 200's top 10 after spending 32 consecutive weeks in the region.
33* actually
what a drive by the . when you needed a play, several people stepped up.
the steeler way
new fox news chief who allegedly helped cover up roger ailes' sexual harassment signs on to multi-year contract:
- with a bonus based on how many women that can stalk and use. shit place to work
not bad oh u mean american football
yea american football
i am and i will we had some bullshit up here last year and the bastard got shot dead.
that's the way it should be shot dead
according to your logic, the beatles are also "outdated", thus invalid.
the beatles are not the newest must, therefore beatles = "outdated".
don't eat @ colie's cafe . the girl who took my order was impatient, no 1 was behind me. my food took long &amp; was burned
it gets better. they offered to remake the burned panini, it came back burned again. i think it was the original. no thanks
where do i apply for defensive coordinator ?
can i smoke bud as a coach?
j-guap will catch
how about j-biscuit for
i literally refuse to update
you are wiser than i also keep up the resistance bc all ios 10 does is suck the life out of my battery and also my soul
what type of play calling is this chip!!! sheesh!!
my thing is how are you gonna be in the red zone and can't construct 3 solid plays for a td smh
wait a minute, i take that back. var newarray = []; also produces an empty array. so this new array() thing is uber pointless. *sigh*
you can name array size with new array(10) which is nice if you're doing weird stuff where you want to update 2d arrays.
how good does this roll look?? would you rather have a roll chilled with mayo or warm with butter?
only maine lobster, warm with butter... works for us. we'll catch a bite, before
., what did you eat for breakfast?! five goals by thierjung for !
perhaps goal-den grahams?
i'm proud of my brotern omfg fuck it up i'm sooo excited for you
wouldn't be able to do it without my roots
i just witnessed oomf's videos and i'm so embarrassed for them...yea girl u did that...
i found oomf vids on tumblr and let's just say they were thirsty. it was a cumpilation, hunny! i fell out.
i feel exotic and shit
i thought i was loud! she is original.
even if it's photoshopped (now i know it is) some of you would wear those shirts for real
why would i wear that im prican and black?
hillary re terror attacks looked, sounded drugged. press led her to trash trump for saying "bomb"...she said it too!
as an md in cny, i believe she is on a sedative-hypnotic (for seizures, anxiety or insomnia) or anticonvulsant. classic signs.
in fairness, kicking cle when they are down is equally predictable.
the cavs title means the browns can blow as many leads as they want for at least 3-4 years before people care again
i literally just laughed out loud at this
ehhhh there is some decent ones hahaha just kidding!
shana and i are watching the last three episodes of got w her parents and i'm so content
mom toasts every time they toast in the show
seriously need to adopt a kitty
my cat had kittens
nope, as it's a bug so it doesn't need any real docs. if it's not clear what you need to do, gist your gemfile and link it for me
i created this issue to better capture the details.
thats my brocore makin hella mf moves!!!
bro it's only the beginning, so glad to be working with such a talented and hardworking core
good q! the view that sex, as long as it's consensual, is a healthy and positive thing, &amp; there's no shame.
ooops i misunderstood that one too.
oh this was fun! dancing to bollywood tunes with
aw, love &lt;3 &lt;3
and congrats my boy !!
thank big bro
happy birthday pretty love &amp; miss you forever, hope you enjoy these throwbacks
holy shit man i miss u too
six-time doesn't have a win at . is today the day for ?
and he won't win today!!!!
this mentality is what we have to against, everyone. uneducated white men will not take over
i cannot wait until nov 8th election day been dealing with these trolls for too damn long
yes, it's terrorism. ditch the bizarre verbal contortions and say it.
and ruled out as an just happened to go off? alienated from truth now?
if you sleep through your delivery, are you put on some kind of blacklist? asking for a friend.
also wondering bc i'm now craving those chicken fingers i ordered at 2 a.m.
you know where i can find a party store out here that i can rent chairs ?
there's a place on e233st in between barnes &amp; bronxwood thag forsnit
everything gabbert is doing i can't help but think that he could do it better
half of our points have been setup by our defense with no progress made by the offense
you can name array size with new array(10) which is nice if you're doing weird stuff where you want to update 2d arrays.
yeah, there are some cases where you want a sparse array, i know gmail uses (used to?) use them a lot.
pastor trial for sexual assault charges starts today in . name of his church: back to eden. he obviously believed he was.
why did the women attend services if they knew they would be allegedly sexually-assaulted?
i created this issue to better capture the details.
i'd be happy to submit a pr to update the docs on using a gemfile to version the pod command.
there's a place on e233st in between barnes &amp; bronxwood thag forsnit
that does it*
alright, week 2 of becoming a football/raiders fan. tell me about atlanta. how's the opposition looking today?
atlanta with one of the most talented wide receivers to date in julio jones fall short of any greatness due to holes in dfenc
happy birthday! hope your party is better than scott scanlon's! (too soon?)
far too soon. it's only been 25 years!
i'd *give you* burritos for 10 degrees
buttressing the firebreak with our strategic borscht reserves, not sure how long they'll hold out (send sour cream)
i've written repeatedly that baalke's job is in jeopardy this season and that baalke knows this.
is it really? i can't think of a gm within last decade who's been given more second chances than baalke. almost comical...
california is just a continued series of why
also inland empire real estate is hella weird. "realtors tell your friends! $1000 gift card for any new clients!"
we just passed you in right field, wasn't sure if it was you. go !
should've said hi!
carr spreading the love go get them falcons....go raidersssss
just kidding guerrilla! i love you man. me and my daughter have pics with you from about 12 years ago! go raiders!
and she won! hax. is this witcher?
yeah. it was an archer, so juuuust slow enough to counter attack. still well played though.
im going to stop being gross now ok bye
no come back twitter is all about dirty feeds
i understand your sympathy. just pointing out no evidence the school was the target. anymore than the bank.
i never said the school was the target i pointed out the probability of it being used to exploit due to weakness
there's really good southern food at a place in manhattan called daisy may's. the mac and cheese?
i have to try it bc so far everywhere i've been in ny has been a disappointment.
welcome to javascript where everything's an object and types don't matter
/me grimaces and clenches teeth
white people i'm sure
fr though, i spent all morning in the er b/c of that mess!
lie flat? breakfast or lunch? why not dl?
breakfast, standard seat, ua worked today. and did i mention i'm moving to ?
thanks for the follow!
by the way your bengals suck lmaoo
ah, it's the time of year when all of twitter is following and tweeting about football. maybe since i can't beat y'all, i'll join you. :)
nah girl, i tweet about
i don't want to feel like i'm watching the bruins
i just had 'nam style flashbacks to bruins season why would you do this to me
lot of ghosts &amp; old wounds with eclipse conjunct chiron! mutable t-square had us all over the emotional map! mars squaring it tough
like a worm on a hot rock! explosion didn't help. equinox and libra sun ,shift venus kisses or scorpio
superbowl appearance and 3 straight nfc tittle game?
behind kaep 100% but technically alex smith took us to the first nfc ship
i needed food vry urgently \_()_/ (good)
u missed out on thanks for coming man your lossss
at sea level, you're already 21.5 km closer up at the equator than at the poles.
chimborazo for the win
so glad to present the second mascot for my friend enjoy it dude! looks awesome!!
i love this. so different
this giants game is absolutely infuriating. it shouldn't be this close to begin with. mcadont is not head coaching material.
look like they are about to blow it
wait a minute, i take that back. var newarray = []; also produces an empty array. so this new array() thing is uber pointless. *sigh*
you can also use array.prototype.... to add new functions to arrays, which isn't a loved js pattern but i...like it.
it was not acted on: never questioned his citizenship, his right to run for/be president. that's all yours.
yes it was. i lived through it. sid blumenthal was banned from working in wh because of it.
need nothing but boyfriend jeans cause too comfy.
how they fit you with ur big butt
*taps mic* ... chambruncha... *takes a bow* *roses falling around feet*
why don't you tell us about trumps rape charge and trial due october 14, instead of blowing rumors
why do you tell us about his "rape charge".
alright, week 2 of becoming a football/raiders fan. tell me about atlanta. how's the opposition looking today?
should be a rather high scoring game due to both teams obvious struggles on the defensive side of the ball
how long did she run around with the sword hilt in dark souls?
she favored the reinforced club in ds. good stuff
stupid giants loss mode activated!
just enough defense to run clock down
zeke has 2 fumbles today. alfred morris vultures td near goal line.
most underrated player since?
sorry bro.. you vs
trust the process bruh
gee why would i be angry that a so-called progressive told me to self-deport? hmmmmmm.
- whatever - so do whatever you need to do
here is a nice summary from on why no liberal should support gary johnson
wow. that sounds scarily close to hillary clinton, only johnson didn't help kill millions in iraq, syria, libya, honduras &amp; yemen.
ain't got it!
oh no. love that show. there are clips on his fb page.
the fact that my stalker believes i don't have the ability to snatch any nigga i want &amp; would really be an in love ass side bitch is hollas
lmfao they don't know about kyanna on my mama
voting &amp; f traitors who stole primaries &amp; sellout kkk
a plague on both pol houses im voting my conscience
my brother! too proud of you!
bro u already know none of this would happen without u
cnn's anderson cooper will be a traitor, i mean, moderator in the upcomming debates!
!andassomeonesaidweonlyknowasmallportionofitasfaraskillaryisconcerned
i would need a lot of self-control during schuyler sisters. and helpless. and satisfied.
lookin for a mind at work work
i've isolated the issue with the preferences. is it worth it to file the bug, or will nobody care about migration anyways?
the rule of thumb internally is always file it. if you send me the # i can cc and make sure it goes to the right folks.
with 104 rec. yards today, wr is the 1st rookie in history with back-to-back 100-yard games to start his career
super talented n so glad to see him having success!!
i'd be happy to submit a pr to update the docs on using a gemfile to version the pod command.
can you give that article another read, i'm pretty sure i cover that in the rubygems section -
ran for 30 minutes in 90 degree heat. that's enough exercise for one day...
between pull ups yesterday and running today, i'm prepared to make a statement: exercise is dumb and i hate it. ...still gonna do it...
fwiw, we could have had come in and name achievements with her wonderful chambara puns.
pretends to love the poorly educated but in fact he doesn't respect anyone. the con rarely respects the mark!
don the con
i never said the school was the target i pointed out the probability of it being used to exploit due to weakness
someone else said it may have been the target. people were the target the place was one of convenience so it seems
the trash talking in the men's room for / games is always a highlight.
last time i was at the stadium for that matchup, we.narrowly escaped getting pepper sprayed when guy tried to punch me in the face
i'll take your word for it. new to js and it is hard to envision that use. thanks.
yeah it's mega edge-casey i used it once in 10 years to figure out how to jam as many objects on screen as possible.
closer to my dreams...
what would that be
fun times moment
that was probably the most overwhelming day of my life...but totally in a good way
do you happen to live in flatbush? (my old post office):
similar antics up here in inwood. except my slip shows up a business day after they say they leave it
also inland empire real estate is hella weird. "realtors tell your friends! $1000 gift card for any new clients!"
. why does anyone live in the ie
wait does that mean i can't see your stuff and you can't see mine or just that i can see yours?
muting means i don't see your shit on my tl but that you can still see mine on your tl; not the same as blocking/unfollowing
read issue 12 of sam wilson ...very political.
that and nighthawk 4 i read almost back to back and i was like damn and in sync
missing .
wowowo that's so neat
so weird and right outside my dorm too
well yeah aha u gots a problem with that
i do seriously think van damme might be our best player.
most consistent, that's for sure.
where's my fantasy heads?! i need help picking a decent rb in a trash line up. one of these gotta have some potential
what's your choices?
i fervently hope that, 50 years from now, we remember 2016 as the year that black and brown people saved america.
saved america from old white people vainly trying to preserve their majority, which will be gone in 50 years
so? only us allowed 2sell arms 2terrorists
might is right, no one questions the strong
yes he's so cute, he also said that there is a new app coming soon and it better than ig..
omg that's what i saw
yooo where at???
we were just at lafayette park!
ted ginns hands finally benefit the 49ers holy mother of god
my wife just went, "... ahhh so familiar"
fair enough. i don't think this was what you meant, but my knee-jerk reaction was like if dead creators mean not official 1
then black princess and the frog is definitely not a *real* disney movie since disney was a well documented racist :/
third time i've accidentally bought a gluten free sandwich at m&amp;s, unclear packaging. be careful out there people.
maybe you can take some gluten pills later in the day to get your daily recommended allowance. stay safe!
what does it mean when you come home to phantom order from ? didn't make purchase, no order or cc history. weird prank, guys.
could be worse. don't question it!
the fraternal order of police just endorsed trump. here's why they love him:
at least pretend to be a legitimate news source...i can't believe whoever wrote this can call themselves a journalist.
i should go in and add a note on it so that's my bad. :) so far none of the answers i've received are wrong so you're fine!
i totally enjoyed being a part of it, thank you, i feel like i belong.
let's be realistic no one takes anything i ever say serious
true true but you know liz
trump : "say my name hillary" hillary : "donald j trump, president of the united states" trump responds: ......
you are god dumn wrong.
is this what awe want america? more, much more, pc
oh you ain't seen nuthin' yet...
now we know their sick plan for us(mosques too) we must fight back! this was obamas plan all along!
america will be like france, demolishing churches 2 build mosques
crissy and i (both sports newbs) would like to get into football and need help deciding on which team to root for.
all the way.
otherness: not faith or race but his cool detachment, intellectual distance + oblig to global v. us responsibilities
you can't put that genie back in the bottle. what you said was offensive &amp; disgusting &amp; i am a white woman. unacceptable !
the browns was up 20-0 now the browns are down 22-20 because that's the browns way of doing things
is that the way patriots do it? cuz they was up 28 and look at game now...
very long history of inappropriate behavior with daughters or young girls. his rape trial starts next month?
it looks like she is the inappropriate one.
when are we going to start doing flipagrams of our weekends??
we not that yurnt yet we need at least 2pairs or robinsjeans a neck tatt of girls lips, trillsammy haircuts &amp;henny on tap
boys is this true? is this the male equivalent of a shawty?
you can say that's my shawty. but you can't say that's my sucka.
new: releases statement condemning " apparent terrorist attacks" in mn, nj and ny:
shut up bitch!
is there something in sunnyvale's air? everyone at the library is breathing distractingly loudly.
it seriously sounds like everyone here is trying to molest me.
then black princess and the frog is definitely not a *real* disney movie since disney was a well documented racist :/
so i tend to lean more towards canonicity-by-stewardship and sometimes the steward is also the ip owner legally
am i supposed to tip when i pick up the food myself?
not generally no. the tip is usually reserved for the delivery service
every police union in us ought to support this. time for us to "freely express" cops need to take a knee on the nfl.
do your job. we pay your salaries.
just heard playing over the speakers at the jfk airport
sellout. (srsly tho that's fucking rad!)
thanks for following!
your welcome!
i went to my local record store and picked up this banger today
oooooooh this is pretty
took me .3 seconds
lurking cousin 101
(also, can we pretend i wrote "km/s" instead of "m/s^2"? delta-v is speed, not velocity. i fail science forever.)
well gravity should be slightly less at the equator too right?
he who is a he who is a bully is a incites violence
thanks for the be well be safe
thanks for da reminder max!
ted sweetie! you iz der
just bought a ton a new stuff to try from quest
that emoji makes it seem like you're annoyed to try the new stuff you bought
photoshopped? this one? i watched this white power nazi bitch live on tv. it was 100% nazi salute
looks familiar
lmfaoo they fit just fine actually
lmao my butt crack stays wanting to show sadly
"games should be respected, like films and literature!" yes, talking about them in ways beyond gameplay/graphics/plot shows that respect
every time i watch or read a review and they mention whether or not it's 1080p/60fps, it feels like they just have place in there.
everyone is so pretty &amp; here i am looking like a rat
youre the prettiest wtf
yeah hahaha i hope its free tho lol
i know right and you know what that means
police say a wrong-way drunken driver caused a crash on the lie:
chavez (drunk-driver ) newsday picture b4 change
i don't like any of those play calls at all
bad coaching, bad play calls, they just look like a completely different team smh
that ring is absolutely hideous
it certainly is
true story my dad wanted to name me charmian because of her smile in sound of music. happy that got nixed, but sad.
right. on. cue. (thanks mom for all that you overruled)
sorry, my bday is tomorrow. i was thanking those early birds wishing me a happy 29th. sigh. where does the time go?? anyway, thanks all.
happy birthday
and to those asking why i don't write about trump and his books... i have. a lot. here is one example:
interesting how u find revulsion in his books &amp; don't put that in title yet u have no qualms about using deplorable 4 hers
we were just at lafayette park!
what part of town are you at? would you be up to snag coffee later?
can't believe it's been six months since i left my life and traveled to oz.
you really should read the tweet i made after that one.
hey happy birthday roomie
thanks boo;)
also amy ruth's in harlem.
i've been to amy ruths and i didn't love it but it might've been what i got. i wanna try again. thanks for the recommendations!
i have no clue what this man is saying
pro tip: 99% they are stupid or useless but we're forced to call anyway
it's the trash ten offense vs. det's decades of failure. exciting!
mariotta is doomed playing in that system.
happy birthday coop! live it up in nyc
thank you dude, good luck w the season
awww someone already answered. oh well [deleted] they got the points faster.
haha. too much of a coward to leave your responses up. you're not fooling anyone.
just reality, shall not be abridged. means what it says!!
if you want to be literal, "right to bear arms" at the time referred to military activities
i absolutely love when people think they know everything. especially when it has to do with me.
girl preach
tonight: at the
thanks so much for the shout out! was a blast!
stafford channeling his inner marshawn lynch
yo did they flag him for unnecessary roughness? lol
me not be there either n hope u have a safe and good time at class sweet fwend:) hugs and glad safe
fanks sassy!
100% related: hope you are coming to see terrorvision at next month. ;d
you have my attention...
i meant to add sorry.
thanks again nathan!
bro it's hella hot...but i look cut today
when we going uce?
tranny strip tonight. ...be there
where is that ?
yep we've seen this story before at least 17377373 times!!!
"in my 30 years watching the giants..." *gets struck by lightning*
download the mortal kombat xl for pc beta for free here. help us make it the best it can be!
p5yckonomixxx is the joker of the music video game and cartoon world plus he spit hot fire like scorpion lol
i'm ready to hear alternate picks!
i'm big on season 4 and its themes of family (and not just the episode "family")
my appeal to all delhiites on the issue of chikengunea n dengue fever
good to see you back. i wish you speedy recovery.
new ceramics studio in russian hill. hello kiln!!
nice! do you throw? this place looks freshhh
i wish any pakistani could ask same q from our parliment
on a separate note i have a new name for our ex safir 1/
it would be fun to do a virtual brainstorming session with data viz practitioners that takes place in vr
totally possible in might do this with later today
. you can see it tomorrow in san francisco at the sv proving grounds
where is this?
so missing the point. she never went down that road, he spent years paving it, was his signature dish
she did go through with it. this is why the march 2 60min interview was mega. she is a disgrace.
i said some of you.
some of hillary's supporter kill 49 gay americans in orlando, and?
this the part of the game where the do they fuck shit now... this the part. smfh
the princess of brooklyn
don't mess with me
forreals though
forgive me i am the dumb
4(20)give the top tier ~d*u*m*b~
what's your favourite track off rain in july?
what did you expect
if u deadass fill an app
where best buy ?
gabbert ballin' 2 hard 4 u?
yes yes he is lol
if guns don't kill people, people kill people, does that mean toasters don't toast toast, toast toast toast?
no, ot means soylent is people
this actor is threatening to sue because they got blocked on twitter
. childress
a trump empire built on inside connections and $885 million in tax breaks
you from son?? even pa$tors got their hands in the cookie jar$$
i'm boutta take the second biggest l of my life on tuesday
first was when i was in calculus but that's a story for another day
we live in a sick world don't try and figure out what makes crazy crazy.
move on chg topic
ruining the for his agenda is progress to - make no mistake our republic is on the line ....
obama really
"free." you'll be surprised how expensive some "free" things can become.
i'm certainly not surprised you can't show how expensive free college would be.
you used to be on our rap shit when niggas was going to open gym at the wb jr high i remember that frfr
that's odee
singing or no, great fun &amp; such surprise to find you on other end! what was that high note again? mahalo nui, kiddo!
a'ole pilikia sistah! xo
dolphins finally get a drive going and jay ajayi fumbles the ball when jonathan freeny rips the ball out. he can't be trusted.
that's what i have been saying all along...the fumbler!!
btw, that was me shouting "hi" in the richmond yesterday on the orange bullitt!
hey, hi! there are so many bullitts on the west side these days, glory be, we're winning . . .
starfleet has formal uniforms. you cannot wear duty uniforms.
loved the original star trek dress uniforms.
they ain't living right
duh but they weird thas why
saw you take that picture on live stream....weird.miss ya! pinch and for me on ur way out!
just gave him plenty of hugs, . bit confusing :)
hillary clinton, donald trump, gary johnson, jill stein: the real basket of deplorables.
how much is it to upgrade my harry and david basket of deplorables to the deluxe version?
he's not coming back on ig? :((
no it means we'll probably be getting more selfies of him
i have played since vanilla days lol, question is, horde or alliance?
alliance obviously... cuz that's where i'm at lol
why are you spelling colour with a u?
i've always spelled colour with a u haha
i was not using persecuting in any scientific way. i simply meant that they crushed the various jewish revolts, + 2nd temple
why wouldn't rome have crushed the jewish slave revolts?
hillary rxn to latest polls/electoral map: "why, johnny ringo, you look like somebody just walked over your grave."
lovin' the reference! as for hillary, i think "the strain is more than she can bear."
a whole community cannot be blamed because of a single incident. devils do exist in earth.
single incident? they r doing jihad frm last 1300+ years. killing kafirs all along. they have created hell on earth.
what the f are you doing out there? and the answer is nothing very good.
conference. learning and waking up at 4am because my body doesn't give a shit where i am.
i'll be there too
sorry to miss it.
who pulled the trigger, as it were?
the idea to kill jesus originated with the jews. pilate had no reason to kill jesus.
thread of memorable things that happened to me
miranda follows
and the nfl is tax exempt, too! so it is a real freebie to have police escorts!
the nfl is not tax-exempt. if you were informed, you'd know they voluntarily gave up that status a few years ago.
touchdown ! pat is good.
yes!!!
when your friends say they won't vote, ask how much student debt they have. there's only one candidate who will make college affordable.
who? hillary clinton.....thank you for letting me know.
current project: pondering strange loops...
nobody makes it past chapter 3.
rules by law same
thanks for the jesus threw such men from the church
white men like me are the only people who won't be targeted by trump. this isn't a game. sanders is smarter than his fans
sanders shook the pope's hand(he owns bis).so bern struck humanity's "best deal". trump still owes rothschild 330m 4nj
i have been using salon pas for three days straight. my shoulder is sore as shit
use tiger balm
glad you had fun in sf! abq has tons to offer, too, if you come back to nm sometime.
i loved it there so much! we'll definitely be back...
so missing the point. she never went down that road, he spent years paving it, was his signature dish
why did hillary issue it and position it as a race thing. trump issued it as a constitutional issue.
anyway i went to the market today &amp; also have been gifted with key limes, so it's lit...
pretty tea kettle!
despite some acting like it's a crime, i've enjoyed films from both - except gotg. i don't get the adoration heaped on that film
but i'm on record saying suicide squad wasn't a flop and i wondered if those saying actually went to the theaters
.: "we know there was a bombing...but we have a lot more work to do to be able to say what kind of motivation was behind this."
,anyone with a normal mind would see this is terrorism! why y have a problem to admit it mayor?
oh wow there is like a whole universe in that. thanks, i'll look into it with more detail once i've got the basics figured out.
js learning curve kinda sucks, imo, but it runs the world, what can you do? break a leg!
3.5 km in! almost time for this guy to hop on my shoulder!
my pikachu won't jump on my shoulders. am i doing it wrong?
are you coming to the nordic region anytime soon?
not till the new year, i'm afraid. is there anything fun happening that side?
everything you need to know about the 2016 :
minnesota-mall knife stabber is dahir adan a security guard of somalian descent
we need you for !
america is already great dumb dumb
um yes literally every man ive ever dated lmao
girl you too good for any man no joke
48-7 all that talk. hush
fasho see u next year
that was part of the argument with the other guy, who has since given up on rational discourse. don't worry about it.
there are other reasons that jewry is bad, besides the killing of christ.
sure ---if was isis its a despicable attempt 2 kill people 4 radical islam ---but a person whom is trying 2 scare peeps 4 votes.
hit me up with the link when it happens
great article! but today's voter will cling to the line they like and further distinction needed
that's why it's imperative that readers seek the truth, not just look for ways to reinforce their own biases.
the backdrop is yellow....
if this is for rhr burn it down.
omh i really hope so..
it's possible if he said it's better then instagram
so... did you read the information i posted?
i did...just wnated to know when to expect them
the choice of the two locations is so bizarre. 23rd and 27th btw 5th &amp; 6th -- just... what?
my theory is that placement had something to do with proximity to pa bus terminal or megabus dropoff
tackling is a lost art in the nfl
steelers could let harrison hold a clinic.
when she's cute but not saved
how about; "when he's cute but not saved"?
ok, what about favourite lyrics off rij?
and you'll find me burning bridges searching for some sense of distance
having a go. probably time for new android anyway tho. hearing things about the 7, would quite like an exploding phone if i can control it?
i'm a fan of my 7; definitely waterproof, hasn't exploded yet.
likely mode of trump presidency? 1) claims constant success w/o evidence 2) gins up constant crises only he can fix
the "munchausen by proxy" president.
they realize they are down 15, right?
there really isn't a wrong call for when to go for two. either way you need a touchdown next possession
the joy of . retrieving game shot down in the denser bar.
*wolf whistles*
well trump claimed he 'never met pam bondi,' so maybe he didn't realize she was there. .
class and classless
maybe the game does suck? you should also think about that even if you like it. :)
we've been through worse, at least i have. ever play kof13 arcade version? it was in sbo, eeeeeeeessssssh
very helpful! t minus 76 days until the 2016 event. ;-)
why do i keep trying to work out in the middle of the friggin' day? it's hot out! lol! ;-)
i wish i had thoughts with regards to this but i don't yet do you?
good question. + novel (spatial) interactions in vr looks promising + haven't seen many novel (3d) data encodings in vr
just laid into two cishets that were upset about a folsom float making us late by a couple minutes. "why are they so blatant?"
my reaction, pretty much:
i know. sighs. darn.
yeah for sure
nyc is strong and will survive this latest attack. big changes this week as sun enters libra, mercury direct &amp; venus in scorpio.
we have before and will again. agreed, next 2 weeks.
despite some acting like it's a crime, i've enjoyed films from both - except gotg. i don't get the adoration heaped on that film
i know the theater showings by me were consistently packed through the 5 weeks it was here.
there really isn't a wrong call for when to go for two. either way you need a touchdown next possession
oh now i get your tweet
great article! but today's voter will cling to the line they like and further distinction needed
example being your tweet, which makes an unsubstantiated claim. you know?
yeah, it's another hub and lots of flying done by many there...
why did united cancel sfo -jfk flights ? they were always full. gate fees?
police refusing to protect football players is a violation of their sworn duty. the only thing players are sworn to do is play the game.
i miss you.
dear non-football season clem, watching the giants is not as fun as you remember. it's just hours of stress. love, football season clem
new office has really taken your persona to a new level
time for some music i think.
got that right!
i can't wait to get waffle house and bethune grill. first thing i'm getting when i get to daytona.
i want bethune grill so bad
right haha i can't wait then
same and is there a video of justin crying
my secondary hard drive (sata 2tb) is locking up when trying to write files to it, necessitating a reboot. not a good sign. sigh...
which model/brand is it? when it comes to higher capacity hdd they have a higher rate of failure. though for your job, it's worst.
haven't been watching the new x-files which is shocking when you consider how much i loved the old show. is it good?
oh i'm just now working my way thru the old one!
"someone said it brought our country closer to war." - interesting quote from cap in civil war. isn't it a good thing we joined wwii, tho?
never really noticed that the first time i saw it, but idk, it's a weird thing to say.
experts also said jets/bills would be low scoring.
yep one guy had us losing 17-9
thanks for the love, ! come meditate with me!
where is the profile pic from? north carolina?
lang choice debate can hinder, so can over emphasis on theory o computing. isn't that diff btw constructivist and constructionist?
not sure, there are interesting ideas about theory of computing in there that i need do dig into. some of both?
this is not a joke. my butt hurts and i'm hungry..........
im sorry boo
young dolph has a verse about being able to tell if a girl's fat ass is real or fake and...is this a real problem? counterfeit butt forgery?
young dolph is such a doofus lol
i got two. 5 and 7 years older. i'm the baby (at 31)
i'm the middle. but my sister is only 18 months younger. so i'm 52, my brother 57 and my sister is almost 51
manhattan blast that injured 29 does not appear to be international terrorism
tsarnaev brothers also wouldn't be called international terrorism
nobody makes it past chapter 3.
challenge accepted!!!!
our photo was a bit on the blurry side.... let's take a better one next week! will look for you in tempe!
nice meeting you!!!
bill nack carried that feather in his wallet for years until it was lost to a pickpocket at madison square garden years later. 2/2
all my peeps down there. lol. hope you guys had a great time. see you next year.
it's amusing how so many racists called president obama a monkey, yet they're now supporting an orangutan :p
that's and insult to orangutans as they are far smarter than him!
young dolph is such a doofus lol
backyard w/ gucci off east atlanta memphis my fav song ever
android and chrome haha try a different browser
ugh! it was horrid all white and weird on chrome
good afternoon everyone we are all in nj, vegas,ny,sacramento, vancouver,
only in one continent
i'm 300 feet from two different ones rn
yeah but you're also near the ocean so net loss
we've def been in worse games but sadly there wasn't as much social media presence as today.
true dat, visibility has definitely been the major factor in the response to this generation
"why mascots in lake buena vista are voting clinton" by
phase 3 of the condos at del boca vista is going trump.
dis game is depressing now smh...
a glimmer of hope
the nj device &amp; the chelsea device both were set off with cell phones, 2 law enforcement sources briefed on the case tell
fbi and officials in both new york and new jersey insist the blasts are being treated as "separate investigations" at this time.
trump says hillary has failed at every thing she's attempted. not true! her first marriage worked rough times, but her first is in tack.
great post.
thread of memorable things that happened to me
alex replying to me dm and following me
obama speaking to group: "born in kenya", 'america easy to deceive or i couldn't be pres.'
that is literally a lie. you are a lying, disgusting, racist troll.
my reaction, pretty much:
"yeah but you look normal. they're just outlandish." i showed them one of my tamer photos:
the anthony kiedis lyrics i just wrote for a rams-themed song are so detestable i won't even tweet them and that is saying something
you can't tease the internet like this, it's illegal
i had to get a bank card the other day and i forgot to take it out
that shit dangerous to lose smh
guinness down! down! down!
it seems so,
i think she must be fine with it, because she sounds fairly unhinged, herself.
very good point.
too cute to say anything bad here. well played
my position exactly.
nothing better than girls who play soccer
nothing at all?
so what i'm really keen to identify now are the 'brick walls' in ai research roadmaps. what problems currently seem insurmountable? why?
i'd not state insurmountable but there's no clear way of automatically deriving new optimal architectures for a problem.
ready to win a bag? get to choose from aspen, juniper, or laurel! rt &amp; tag 2 friends now!
i love the aspen!
all the credit to my good food loving husband ! "i don't want catering hall food" in a nut shell
awesome; just followed you ! food trucks are genius. ours was in w-burg, catered by mimi'shummus
the anthony kiedis lyrics i just wrote for a rams-themed song are so detestable i won't even tweet them and that is saying something
sometimes it feels like my only friend/is the sideline i stand on the sideline of the rams/they drafted me first and/nobody knows why
tbh kinda means there's some kind of health imperative to build more in la proper to save ppl from heatstroke
history is as a winter resort area when the weather is pretty nice. can't really be worse than phoenix climate...
done, thanks! how to delete old account 'topping'?
email support.com from the address linked to the account. we'll take care of it when we're back in office.
i'm starting too think god is made at us.
who would you prefer?
that's what it comes down my friend.
couldn't agree more
going back to an old one...still work in progress
that's wonderful work!
"yeah but you look normal. they're just outlandish." i showed them one of my tamer photos:
i really don't need some boring straight couple in polos (in this weather!) telling me what "normal" is or how that's better.
don't be so insulting. no way would this guy get in.
that's something we agree on
let's go together for a long time! i'm gonna meet you one day and give you the biggest hug!
yeeeessss! agreed! that's a promise! we'll share the biggest embrace
what a contradictory intrests of us were ?
yes indeed, they hated communism more at that time
can you explode it on command or does it just happen by accident on planes?
i have the s7 which does no exploding at all; the note7 is the one that's a bit 'splodey.
u know the game is bad when my hwa jai ocv'd beat hellpockets team
you ducked me at dragon lounge for a whole year!
's wide-ranging interview with interim dnc chair via
saw it. you guys should work on the optics, message came off as contrived.
preaching to the choir!
can i dm you? you need to follow me back.
i really don't need some boring straight couple in polos (in this weather!) telling me what "normal" is or how that's better.
i'm a queer man that contains multitudes. i have many different aspects to me, and i'll be damned if i'm gonna let you slander others.
who is more annoying
i've done both! of course i went to burning man 12+ years ago. back when it was still cool. ;-)
torrey tees are up! get yours now !
also, if you bought one pls dm me or abby what you bought so we can get it to you! thanks
thread of memorable things that happened to me
luke from ash followed
bought our dog a sweater. someone please stop me.
i always said i wouldn't do that... then i got a dog. it's an issue.
is this what awe want america? more, much more, pc
anyphobia, misogyny, traitorism, narcissism, racism...you name it hilary will smear you with it!
stay classy my friend. smh
nope, no more. you racist assholes have lied and bullied. time to fight back
i'm leaving work with the same tomorrow
he's having a baby?
do you hold obama accountable for libya, syria, &amp; honduras? selling weapons to saudis, etc?
yes. hillary for libya. she's the one who pushed it.
you mean the 1st corrupt, rapist defending,war-mongering, neo-con woman president. at least be accurate describing your choice
you have me confused with someone who gives a shit about your opinion..let me be clear inbreeder...
did apple just update siri's voice? inflection is waaaay more natural sounding.
yes they did. they talk about it in this article:
you watch the last episode too? i'm mad af
yeah so much shit that was left out bruh whut
thread of memorable things that happened to me
me getting noticed by harry at my 1d concert last year
a study found that the heaviest social media users had twice the risk of disturbed sleep compared with the lightest users.
i can attest to that.
stay classy my friend. smh
keep threatening hrc, see what happens.
oh, the "you're not like them" defense. gross.
i literally couldn't handle it
it's my aesthetic
its very cute altho you didnt include harry styles which is less cute
been since 2012. we had clinched by now in 2014
when they both play at same time i still can't deal, regardless of o's position.
debating, like voting, is a way for people to disagree without hitting one another or going to war.
you should see what happens in european government meetings. they sometimes brawl.
thread young &amp; beautiful
"and you are cruel, louis tomlinson, for take the color with you every moment that you're not beside me."
sorryyyyyy
i got my lucky shirt on/at a pats bar i got a good feeling
this woman is unfit to be president! she has to wait &amp; wait for ever decision,2nd guessing herself
no surprise after getting all over they have to cover for
opposition to all we've done? -obamacare -funding &amp; creating isis -giving 150bil in nukes to iran yes, we oppose.
.newsflashobamawasn't&amp;stillis'nt prepared hillarys2tutorsobama&amp;bill
put a crowell on watch when he becomes free. may be my only hope on this crap lol
ugh these are horrible choices
also that face you make right before another seizure.
an old man advised me. ( the best answer to foolish guys like trump &amp; his followers is to be quiet )
no, can't get it, internet speed not fast enough
maybe the library?
my brother lives in austin i'll tell him to check you out.
yee bro and let's link sometime soon been too long
cant wait for fest!
yesss lets go
you need 2nd gen that supports homekit
thanks! i actually got it working with my 1st gen bridge when i re-setup the nuimo with my ipad.
yeah lol, but then i knew that i wouldn't be able to go home afterwards
ahh that makes sense
not all trump supporters are racist and some of hillary's are
that applies to any candidate,
i really don't need some boring straight couple in polos (in this weather!) telling me what "normal" is or how that's better.
also, for 's sake, there's no such thing as "assless chaps" they're just chaps. otherwise they're pants. ugh.
fuck. everything.
don't forget the micro-climates...
i can feel my nose starting to drip.....
this looks fantastic!!
the evil queen is beyond disappointed. why must she do all the evil things herself?!
this is for you can't wait for
st. marks @ 3am w new homeless friends lol
they painted our faces and called us interesting
can you give that article another read, i'm pretty sure i cover that in the rubygems section -
i am experimenting with a few folders and gemfiles to see what i can do with them. i'll report details in a moment.
it finally arrived!
yay! awesome thank you :)
have fun bud!
thanks dude!
i fucking hate finding prince charming because robert is by far the hottest but he's fucking boring!!!!! why is he the prince he sucks
it could be bad editing
tennessee is favored by 8.5 points over florida. a bit surprising but makes sense due to absence of del rio. take between 7-10 imo.
how is tennessee a td and a fg over florida?? no respect to florida's d and it's not like appleby is a true freshman or anything
seek the lord and his strength; seek his face continually. 1 chronicles 16:11
god be merciful to us and bless us, +cause his face to shine upon us, that your way may b known on earth, your salvation...
i just chuck this to the clique mentality in nerd/blerd circles when it comes to dc v marvel. seen it up close
this is why my favorite line is we all have opinions and no one can judge for you but you. sheep mentality costs
happy birthday! hope your party is better than scott scanlon's! (too soon?)
and so you can rest assured, there has been no fatal gunplay (although my mom did have to make my "friends" come to my party)
: take care! heard about the explosion
i am good, thanks for checking in
thread young &amp; beautiful
"louis is harry's best friend and harry is the love of louis' life."
salas is the 2016 clippard. terry is going to trust him way more than i would.
if only he was the 2016 reed.
haven't heard much any word?
i wasn't working. checked in with a partner who responded though. mostly walking wounded from what i was told.
wau wau wau its 3 years for me and kev exactly a month from today
lol i was in college for less than a month before getting bae'd up
i have no idea why i waited so long to watch what we do in the shadows. i loved it and laughed pretty much the entire time
it's so great.
living with your best friend has its ups and downs
soooooo who is who?
so this just made the oxford english dictionary:
i love all this brooklyn but i love teaching students how to learn real words in the dictionary more.
i'm with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again!
time to switch hats for a little while; time to wear the hard hat and show support for the hard-hat workers !
or is it the other photo shopped? i have a point.
believe a fake it it makes you feel better.
hahahaa! driving myself into the wall with the little details of a proof needed relief
:))) ty!! it's nice when we care - i like this - almost like a book club!
nice looking day by the bay hope it's not too cool
actually very warm, in the 80s. got seats in the shade because of it.
i'm obsessed.. it's amazing x
obbessed with what
nothing is free. if it is free for some, then somebody else is paying for it... or the debt just gets even bigger.
that's why it's getting paid for by cutting the defense budget, corporate welfare, israel welfare &amp; tax cuts for the rich
can't tell you but you may see karma there too
you covering it for suasnews?
oh good, you made it just in time to watch the end of this debacle.
ugh. mrsmj is filling me in. every game but the one i (don't) want to see is on.
let's work together on this. which device are you using? and what is listed in available under settings &gt; general &gt; about?
iphone 6s. not sure why my music / messages are taking up space, they were deleted off my phone.
bad case of the drops
i legit just read this as he dropped that pass
know the facts! obama just gave mexico millions to build a wall obama partying days are over! we're 20 trillion debt
proven lie mimi. not that i'd expect white racist trash to care about the truth
either i been sleep or just everyone i know is naturally gifted with their own fabulous ass
i don't know when or where this is actually happening but i agree with u fully, everybody i know has a blessed perfect butt
greatest dad of all time //
phone at 1% no backup charger let's close it out boys
! just this post + tag a friend and one lucky will get this beautiful laurel bag for !
i know you'll love this!
nothing is free. if it is free for some, then somebody else is paying for it... or the debt just gets even bigger.
they've been getting too much free for a long time. so, stop your crying.
half of my body melted into the seat. i'm tweeting with my teeth right now
no body no house, this could be a problem
fiji here we come!
enjoy your birthday holiday! xx
i'll be stoked if they can get it to a single digit loss
they're looking way better than i was expecting lol too bad our qb can't throw farther than like 15 yds
- charley kelly???
you know it
i believe courage the cowardly dog should not have been a kids show. im scarred for life, trying to recover
why didnt you just change the channel when it came on
25 trips to take in your lifetime
as opposed to someone else's?
his numbers are horrendous
i thought so too but they're actually good after 7th inning. saw the stats not long ago. was shocked.
it's a manifestation, similar to the virgin mary on a piece of burnt toast.
now you cannot ever change it. ;)
as in, figuring out best structure of a network(s) for a task? eg inception versus res net, etc? diff flavors of rnn, and so on...?
architecture engineering of both individual components and overall structure, esp beyond "more layers as hyperparam".
west coast/az!! tune in to to see perform with in a few mins!!
thank you for posting &amp; sharing this, elizabeth !! : )
why are some iphone 7s making hissing noises?
no one believes me but an iphone is just a tightly coiled grouping of deadly vipers
but this might be largely a staffing issue, at least in some schools.
like i said, my experience is limited but...
love this! hope you enjoyed your experience "under the net" - get more info at
i truly enjoyed it.
bad science is injecting known allergens into patients without prior biocompatibility testing.
allergic reactions to vaccines are extremely rare, and testing of limited effectiveness there.
if you make autobio comics i want to talk to you at
i'm not at but here are some of my autobio comics - free to read online
have fun at sonoma. if you get the chance to meet pwc driver do it. he's a bad ass.
let's go bad ass!
but are they gonna tell it, i wonder? julian's redemption for julexis.. idk.
i didn't spend 2 much time with him. but from the q&amp;a i felt not much was
'course, glad you're ok
hi tyler!!!! sorry i havent seen this (i dont get twitalerts) thank you!! i was far away and safe
i get that this may not be international terrorism but how is setting off a bomb in public not terrorism?
i think it is international terrorism.
here's the work of the alt right..'stheir symbol,bannon who runs trump campaign is their boytrump jr rt them
your ranidaphobia is appaling
my grandma fell this morning and fractured her hip and she's too old to operate which means i have to have a family reunion that i did not
want at all and now i'm super guilty because i can't just mourn for my grandmother without mourning for myself
is it that bad?
yes &amp; its progressively getting worse
there will always be more debt than there is "money" in circ to pay it off.
qe a deliberate move by , for 2 reasons
trivia - first to answer accurately wins a hat - which 2 sp's have combined for the most wins in a single postseason in team history?
harvey, thor last year?
i tell you what if the dont cut weak ass cam erving as soon as this game is over im done with watching every week. he a liability
so trash bruh
over/under on how many times they say "cloud" during today's keynote? i say 40.
i'm gonna try for at least 40 by myself!
happy birthday!
thank you :3
dream sb hts set list : paparazzi (intro) born this way just dance poker face applause edge of glory bad romance + brit cameo 2nd single
nobody is here brit and you know this very well. sit down sis
i can sleep at night if that's the worst you have about my candidate.
your candidate didn't know aleppo.
want at all and now i'm super guilty because i can't just mourn for my grandmother without mourning for myself
and of course i find this all out only 1 hour into my shift and have to work through tears and get screamed at by inconsiderate
hmm threatened us, then backtracked in an article after this twitter spat.
don't understand what all the fuss is about. just watched "perfect illusion" performance video and it's hideous.
steps from the corner of 6th and 23rd when it happened. unhurt but unnerved. hope the injured heal swiftly.
grateful that you emerged unscathed. x
emv (credit card chip) rollout in the us is a disaster. average checkout time seems to have doubled.
i hate using the chip at the register. takes too damn long.
good afternoon everyone we are all in nj, vegas,ny,sacramento, vancouver,
mike &amp; me tea time kanwar jin inder did u all had lunch have a relaxing day
plus wonder woman looks poised to kick major ass next year.
true. i can't deny that bvs and suicide squad were better than i thought they would be and ww looks kicka$$
thank you, meredith, for all of your work advocating for patients!
thanks, i appreciate that .
1/ a thought i've been chewing on is how our tendency to prefer instant over delayed gratification often doesn't parallel our approach ...
2/ to 'happiness.' i.e. we think that obtaining the next possession, achievement, etc. will _bring_ us happiness (delayed). but, what ...
2/ to 'happiness.' i.e. we think that obtaining the next possession, achievement, etc. will _bring_ us happiness (delayed). but, what ...
3/ if we remembered that we don't have to _wait to be happy_ (instant). this idea has been fun to introspect:
i'm just marveling at this
is this mario is missing wii u by any chance?
praise the lord!!!
thank heavens!!
easily the best headline i've ever seen - pigeons can read a little bit, new research shows via
that's interesting. i recently rescued a pigeon. maybe i should send it a letter while it's still at the rehab center.
night guys !
get lost in the dream waves.. xx
and of course i find this all out only 1 hour into my shift and have to work through tears and get screamed at by inconsiderate
coworkers until i finally snap and can't even function all day and i'm just super sad and i can't even leave work cause i can't
jerry! jerry! strands the runner at third to hold the 3-2 lead, mid 8.
it's all you in the 9th jerry!
victor cruz is back baby
almost an interception tho
takes that hot can't be smothered
let's put that to the test. ha!
coworkers until i finally snap and can't even function all day and i'm just super sad and i can't even leave work cause i can't
stop crying in my car lmao
i am crying uncontrollably!!!
this is fucking major! i can't wait!
i know a ltrle bit (barely) bc family speaks it. but i dont know enough at all. i'm like??? below beginner level lmao
ah same. i might as well try to learn it cause my family speaks it too
i definitely care because you're preserving history.
thank you sir.
last year this would be an automatic 30pt loss. it's a big step up. they suck alot less
yes lol defense looking lightweight decent and were actually holding on to ppl when tackling! amazing progress lol
skateboarding is gonna be in the next olympics but apparently baseball isn't internationally popular enough
baseball will be in the 2020 olympics
he's a dancing fool
made up for it on that one. wow
hubby(life long )got survey from 's camp,put on?'s &amp; at end.
lmao!! that's awesome!
as overwhelming as legion feels, its easily one of my favorite expansions so far. they really did a great job with it.
i've found that setting small goals helps. like, i'm gonna do this emissary. or i'm gonna do a portion of this archaeology quest.
view over brno, czech republic mies van der rohe's villa tugendhat
these pics might be easily one of the best from villa tugendhat i've seen in a long time!
hell yeah! between the ny giants and the mets, i'm losing it. lol
lol, i have not even looked at the giants score while here. my stomach not about that life today.
thread young &amp; beautiful
"the moons knows that we're in love."
architecture engineering of both individual components and overall structure, esp beyond "more layers as hyperparam".
this really isn't the worst problem for me as it means i keep my job for longer, but still ... ;)
my mug. perfect for warm days when a cool glass of lemon tea is in order. gift by a good friend.
while i could quite enjoy the company of a bad dragon i am not sure i would want to drink bad dragon tea.
the volume level in this bar is set somewhere around "jet engine." i feel like i'm playing nfl blitz
i really need to get back to that city
guys! we're giving away these awesome buttons. want one? 1) come visit us 2) say you're in the
any chance i can pay to have some or one shipped to me ? this giants fan needs one
kellyanne conway lies as well as beyonc does everything.
she is sadly insanely good at her job, and will be the reason why trump wins if he does
idk .. do you have a computer??? try that
on the firefox.dont see her move for a few minutes
he cried and was so thankful for having his beliebers my baby omg
he gets so emotional over stuff
does lester hayes ever come around??
sometimes bro but not very often
just gotta get everyone else on board with this *the world is my book club* mentality
you know who else is good is, - always see them busy..! i'm def at the other end of that spectrum
opposition to all we've done? -obamacare -funding &amp; creating isis -giving 150bil in nukes to iran yes, we oppose.
'tprepared2bheaddogcatcherofpretoria.obamaisnot12bgaugingjobpreparednessobamahastakenjimmycarteroutoflast
gentlemen it know it's clich, but it's true - like what you like, whether it's in vogue or not.
we all have brains, let's use em!
are you here
next sunday bb
stop crying in my car lmao
and the worst part of it is that the kitchen who i love so dearly kept asking what was wrong and i understand their concern but
that's lib interpretation, can't rewrite it to fit your narrative.
"interpretation" was brought to the discussion in 2008. that's the history, sorry you don't like facts.
happy birthday to my solid one since 6th grade !! have a great day love you !!
thank you ! since my grimes class
bro i told siri to text someone something sent a complete new person the text
that's why i can't fuck with siri. she thinks i'm full of games.
rt the crap out of this
don't forget the pipeline, because i think that was intentional too
w1 pairing is a dream.
let me know how you like these!
u see bill bratton trying to criticize broken windows now? smh he has been helping terrorize multiple cities for decades
i'm tired lol
because the dude could have swatted it down ....
just credit cruz man 2nd game in 2 years and he makes the winning catch back 2 back weeks
this is an incredibly powerful and courageous essay from on joe paterno
i was so wrong with that yankees talk. i just realized i should be dropping the skins
ur a trump supporter in nyc area how do we all know its not u or a friend u know, perhaps the reason ur defensive is u know who?
what make sure you apologize to mr. trump when they catch the bomber
damn i'm really craving ice cream with honey
i got pistachio ice cream coke over
yes,its just art. the swastika was just art is part of hate group,alt right,but he stays in the shadows alt right's putin 2
why do you call a billion hindus a "hate group" this is an indian sign
i don't think anyone will understand how tight i am
why are you tight?
he's just so cute, i'm going to cry so hard if he gets emotional at my show too..
i think he gets that from his grandfather he gets emotional also
prayers for the soldiers who were martyred in uri. cowardly act of killing when they were asleep. we indians are angry now!
why are you not angry when indian army has killed hundreds, blinded thousands, with ongoing curfew?
wouldn't be a better fit. is probably less good for desktop apps...
at would be weird ;)
hi ted i'm at the
hi zoey. enjoy!
and the worst part of it is that the kitchen who i love so dearly kept asking what was wrong and i understand their concern but
i hate their concern and i know as soon as i open up i'll start balling my eyes out and just being asked made me have to run
- hey jamie, if i can help at all let me know (sarah.ie)
thanks a mil, ms. costigan! we'll see you soon, yeah?!
last night's d&amp;d part1 session was wildly amazing! i can't wait to do more~ zhaaan is about to go into a cabe &amp; its not ideal 4 his boots
hex is all out of jerky at this point so everything is gonna burn
sterling has had two really fantastic games thus far for y'all.
sterling is crushing it! lucky to have him.
can we have a bots marathon the next time i'm/you're in town
i don't know what bots is but/and yes
doesn't knowledge come from experience? and experience from knowledge? same coin.
in a sense. you can gain all the knowledge in the world if you just read books.
- 2 ieds in nyc - 4 pipe bombs on a usmc running route - 8 stabbed by isis soldier 9/17/2016, or just another day in obama's america
i think the pipeline is terrorism as well
i started watching the game, and they give up two runs. i'll see myself out:
yes stop watching. lol
modern life is killing our children: cancer rate in young people up 40 per cent in 16 years: t...
fewer smokers than ever before, but youth cancer increasing? maybe smoking not to blame? healthy 60-yr smoker here. ;)
yeah, that actually bothers me. so overt and anti-consumer.
in the end i'd guess these sorts of tactics will just produce pissed off *ex*-customers
brothery where can i get a jesus piece?
shit ion even kno ima ask dis boy
gaga is a better performer and singer than beyonce btw
they are both good, two very talented performers with actual talent
damn i'm really craving ice cream with honey
i got pistachio ice cream come over
i hate their concern and i know as soon as i open up i'll start balling my eyes out and just being asked made me have to run
outside to cry so it was a constant cycle of crying all fucking day and i am so miserable
warning: as the weather gets colder, people will spend more time indoors and end up writing stuff like this.
this was written by someone who genuinely has no idea that the clone years ever happened, wasn't it?
livvieeeeee! *hugs*
ted, yu iz such a big boy now!!
i was so wrong with that yankees talk. i just realized i should be dropping the skins
i'm available for a new york based nfl franchise to support. i'm done
twirling for bcallabcalla
yet you can't even tag bradley in this tweet? ...the man who's keeping you (somewhat) relevant?
a meteor needs to hit metlife right now for the giants to blow this.
why do you send this tweet right now. why??
i believe ya. but we know the hotel cabal buys and pays for both sides of the aisle.
for sure. there's so much intertwined, then political bozos try to turn us on each other.
!!!! you were there!!!! xox
i was!! i said hi after :) you read beautifully, really strong.
it doesn't give me the option to restore
when my old phone was removed from my account does it also remove the backups?
if you're gonna bitch about doing laundry and dishes to me i'm damn sure gonna remind you that i'm the one with a job and going to school
i wish there was a button on every human marked "activate adult responsibility mode "
so, remy lacroix is currently an emt, she has retired. looks like a few stars are leaving and getting regular 9 to 5s. what's going on?
she prob said "its not worth the money &amp; time!"
| curious abt that "colored only" partially obscured sign in the background.
there are similar doors around , seem to be an art installation. not sure what it's about.
lucy has lost her sock now!
it's in my bag of potatoe chips!
it was fun to watch a bit of willy wonka &amp; the chocolate factory over the weekend.
you are such a great villain. well done.
i can't drink anymore rum and cokes for a while again
what's this
thank you katie!
the passage worked perfectly!!
we resting the game on brown's shoulders? fuck me.
time to flip the coin
nothing wrong with debate. but certain blerd podcasts shouted me down when i brought up dc movies.
see that's where i pride myself on having the debate. bison you know i have never shouted a caller down for differ
they'll be doing well to finish in the top four
this is unfair based on current points and how city are the best team in the world
never said it wasn't a good catch but you can't say that any intelligent corner wouldn't have hit that down just saying
it was a grudge match. cruz went for catch corner went for the pick it was 50/50 play
i never get tired of watching back to the future. it's either one of the greatest movies ever or i'm really a creature of habit.
no one gets tired of back to the future
can i go to the er and just have them shoot me up with some codeine and give me an overdose. i'm fed up.
jeeez girl what do you have?
palo alto is wild because people reference physical landmarks such as "surveymonkey" and "gopro"
how was brunch
the ocd in me bows to the ocd in you.
haha yes!!! i can't wait to do humberto with you in november. i mean, .
yes they did. they talk about it in this article:
i read that previously but didn't think it had been done at the time. i mean it seems to have improved in the last 24 hours.
victor cruz to the rescue.. again.
wheres brian mitchell at saying he's done nothing for us? game winning catch in both games.
obviously you don't know the facts and haven't read anything and just want to say dumb stuff.
"come quick y'all! we caught a troll in the race war! someone grab the mayo!" -
and yes, that had to be deliberate.
this is by design, to collapse america's economy. feds printing $$ like is no tomorrow
if i have your address...watching cause
thank god i keep my address private (except for business purposes)
mimi, crawl back into your basket and stop spreading lies. you wouldn't know the truth if you tripped on it.
mimi i guess ur ok w lying. jesus-quoting hypocrites, seen 1 seen them all.
most ppl wudn't do this but some have recently. islam?
one of my favorite gems of wisdom from the bible
i can manage. after all, i travel from texas to aviator for work every day
that rumor must have been true about you being rich
the practices kind of get old
i exit them as soon as they start
billy on the street!
oh geez, i wasn't thinking about what you'd tweeted that in response to like a dummy. yes. we just watched it all; will do so again
gary needs to stop talking...smh with this guy. he's ruining libertarianism for me
lol. nobody needs to do that. it's a joke for man children. get real.
it's a revival of the sea of hands in detroit.
'aneweraforthenygiants.cruz,beckham,shepard,jennings,elisagiven,pp isback98%.iseeagoodyearcoming.
smh the dolphins are ass
they always doing some typa bullshit
i was so wrong with that yankees talk. i just realized i should be dropping the skins
i see what's happing and i'm not falling for it
your question should be: what do the owners of big msm outlets have to gain from globalism? the answer is money
how did you come to that conclusion?
reports yesterday made it sound like it was bad.
hate to hear that as a person, but makes the game more interesting with sefo possibly out
please look past the jaded perception that all hope is lost because i am still alive and making things and have no choice but to keep trying
'there is always hope' -gandolf
the bills are 0-2? man, nobody saw that coming.
the dolphins are 0-2? man, nobody saw that coming.
i can hear my own breath, yikes!
is that like a 60s or 70s mic?
if and her simpering surrogates think their problem is media bias, they are going to elect trump
ron is a spineless, misogynistic asshole who simply put, can't handle being called out.
would you like me to book you for adult film shoots. cvompensation is $1,000-$6,000 per video.
i sure would
i'm tight lmfao how beat was her face tell me
she didn't have any one. she was chillin
see that's where i pride myself on having the debate. bison you know i have never shouted a caller down for differ
i've yelled about points. i've yelled about perceived stupidity. but never about someone having their own thoughts
craving a pumpkin spice latte? here's how you can make one from scratch: thanks, ! via
looks interesting but not sure i would like adding pure
be safe in there
i stuck around only long enough to say hi to my college best friend and ran away
stubbs pinch hitting for kim there will be questioned by many - and rightly so.
buck's lefty/righty obsession.
thanks, i missed it but got it now.
let us know if you have any other questions!
i love him so much
same here he means a lot to me
oh i love the immense talent in your avi
as you can see i acknowledge talented artists.
the woman was sec of state. broke the law with classified emails. it's serious.
clearly she did not break the law.
subaru basically lifted rem's line about saying the wonderful things about him when he says he hates himself and used it on emilia..
even said emilia is the best lap pillow he could think of, man... just man...
i know that. but hillary = freedom&amp;acceptance, america = freedom&amp;acceptance. america needs hillary
this young lady doesn't feel hillary represents freedom&amp;acceptance.
follow us &amp; use in a post &amp; you could be in our next shoot on 9/22 in .
nypw team in nyc rocking entire ny w/whereyouat want to win!!!
blm is ultimate racist hate group. and obama has them at wh, clinton at dem convention? more cops dead.
lmao omg they aren't a hate group. you're so fucking dumb haha
guess i'm sitting at designated expat table, small screen, incongruous cheers, but i am here!
brick pole aside, have been seduced by less depressing, more exciting -- more 49er unfaithful guilt tk
if and her simpering surrogates think their problem is media bias, they are going to elect trump
so rather than admit his mistakes, ron and his ego blame the woman because it's what egotistical men do
dear lord. please make this field goal for my dad! ithe giants too!...
lmao!! score!
the best part about cutting my hair short is my showers only take 10-15 minutes now.
i want to seeeee
"what's the temperature in southern california right now, 66 degrees?" ronde barber killing it w/ the accuracy
meanwhile
yep, time to get arrested!
piss the cops off by pulling over quick. don't give them a chance to really drive the car lol
let the debauchery begin again
gorgeous as ever !!
that's a sweep! homers! closes it out! box:
we may never lose again!!!
first win of the jimmy garoppolo era!
first win of the jacoby brissett era!
who's hitting the do today?
might hit the booty dew.
yesterday was exactly what we needed - over an inch of rain fell in many spots! much drier today.
1.5 " of replenishing rain in canadice :):)
just checked your site and wow! yes, please do. lisa.com.
awesome - henry will drop you an email :)
you don't have a very high opinion of the 1% :) ?
i believe in , unlike &amp; the spinners!
can't speak on the fights much. didn't watch undercard, barely watched rosado-monroe &amp; caught last two rounds of canelo-smith. will tonight
weren't you there live?
naila you're hella pretty stop being modest
awwww thanks bb
there's no more undecideds to switch. this is all about enthusiasm and turnout at this point.
i hope so because there are a lot of people voting for johnson.
well you boy muted my mic on this discussion when i pressed him.
well we working on that since i encourage open debate.
i need one of these omg
gonna put them up in my shop once i send out the ks rewards!
i started watching the game, and they give up two runs. i'll see myself out:
did you stop watching before davis hit home run? if you were watching, then maybe just change channel when rangers up.
regardless of the final outcome, tannehill is playing his butt off today
bb for out coached. ridiculous.
woah touchdown niners!!!
watched cowboys redskins game then switch channels and td all of a sudden!!!!!
his supporters just like in the '30's only hear "i'm going to make things better' they refuse to see the reality.
it's a weird psychological thing. they espouse pretty nazi like stuff but hate being compared to that. cause they know it's wrong.
he reallyyyyyyy blew it when he said are you upset about me saying we're just friends as if she was gonna be hurt. ugh. lol
what day was that
appreciate your willingness to watch what was possibly a show about robots
that is how i read it and i was like, "ooh"; pictured it as a science channel joint. the real bots is better
. and his constituents in princeton
he's going w/the rest of the banksters "they" sold out to
cowboys win!
defense gets the game ball
are these liberal dorks gonna start calling this what it is or what? this is getting uncomfortably close 2 home now
thats your boy. di-blowtard !!!
no need to gloat when facing a 100+ loss team, bob.
i'm sorry suffering seth.
- speaking from experience, when you're complaining about bias, you're losing.
except laura, hrc has been complaining about bias consistently since it all began
rappers beefing with rappers over social media for attention. the most played out shit in the world. grow the fuck up and make some music
how bout boxers beefing with boxers via social media? wack. rappers should battle and fighters should fight.
lucy has lost her sock now!
under the bottom shelf
happy born day bro
goodlooks bruh
ugh, these are beautiful. (and they remind me of )
oooooh. damn if they had stacked heels instead of a stiletto id be all over them
stupidly excited for my epic train journey tomorrow - from swindon to rural france via london and paris. first time on eurostar too!!
it'll be great. as kids we went from swindon viaparis+rome to rijeka. we met some fascinating people. was so much fun.
or i sometimes listen to people i don't necessarily agree wth and voice my opinion
u r a real person&amp;not a paid troll,to ur credit. but u don't listen well&amp;cling to ur skin color.
what a heartbreaking homecoming for tyler boyd. 6 catches for 78 yards (tops for bengals wr today) before that fumble.
not a fumble
i just used the name isis because it is a false female god, i know they follow allah
understand, ty "but my covenant i will establish with isaac, whom sarah shall bear to u at this set time next year." gen.17:21
there's no more undecideds to switch. this is all about enthusiasm and turnout at this point.
i am making phone calls. i have made 185 so far plan on making a total of 600 by election day
class of '38 cc
. cute (but still dirty) future squid!
why the ever living hell is airport security at nashville equipped with and carrying around semi automatic rifles???
you... didn't pay attention to the news last night, did you?
taking around local countryside restaurants where i live. he's so english now. thoughts on his tshirt?
not english until he eats blood pudding
stucking coming up with chords... help!
haha sucks so hard when you know what you wanna hear but its not coming out
a new round of state polls shows suddenly has a path to 270 | ap photo
beginning&amp;ibelieveevenmorenow.thoughtofhillaryas"potus"isascarythought
cheese and rice that was closer than it needed to be, no?
no brady and gronk, take the win and run brian
kellyanne conway teaching trump to pretend he is human. he will discard her the moment she isn't useful, just as he will his supporters.
she seems like a rational person who's rationalized that helping dt win isn't a terrible thing. horrifyng.
perfect sf weather. what a treat.
7.5 months to go.
i know he wanted a reaction, but no, dude, the way you said that not smart. lol she avoided him like the plague that day. lol
it's funny though because they were always drawn back to each other
- speaking from experience, when you're complaining about bias, you're losing.
just a brief impartial glance at the last year and you'd agree with hrc.
three hapless dolphins took a knee.
half-wit losers..
happy birthday fig !! my gift to you is these photos i took of you &amp; by took i mean screenshotted. ur welcome
these were a lot worse than i thought they were gonna be omg.
lmaooo i dont understand why you don't like them
they were better yesterday. lol still iffy about em
"you promised i would be president! what went wrong?"
she's looking kind of thick
i'd rather bite into a slice of real nyc pizza
chicago style still delicious though
we want this to be the output of a machine so much, so disappointing when it's just people
"the real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers."
have you seen the offense? eli, cruz, beckham jr 2-0 baby !!!
but we won so i'll be happy
"yes, hello, may i speak to mr. griffin iii, please."
0-2 it's not the end of the season
you right. &amp; don't bring it back
i just remembered it like a week ago we were so dumblmao
like!!!!! why do i have to inquire about shit???
exactly and it's like a bad look because now i have to keep asking you.
cold play last year. now this. another example of how the nfl doesn't give a s*** about their fans.
. and it had been such a good weekend too.....
i feel like you are ignoring the "slavery fueled mill industry" but i said when you leap right to "mills &amp; the american dream"
my family first arrived in this country in 1916.they had no connection to slavery. those mills would eventually die.
"i brought a handful of jerky and an ass kicking to give away and i just ran outta jerky 8^)" *lights hands on fire*
knowing her she would fail to light her hand on fire and be terrifying at all.
don't miss power sunday 9pm et things are getting crazy.
i already saw it.. i have no words... tommy, tasha, luis, and last but not least kanan.. where is lala? wtf is going on!?
i am the pinnacle of healthful living . i always take the "buns" off of my "quarter pounder with cheese.
. i am glad i have made this decision! for now i am eating fried oreos
i'm ready for licking your ass clean from his warm cum
mmm hmmm a pussy cream coated cock + yummi buns &amp; asshole covered in cum ~ ( c ;
question for sun number of pitches thrown today for both teams then add the number of hits &amp; runs both team..one # drawing postgm where'r u?
watching from petaluma today 275 magic number.
im tired of losing
thats alot better!
victor cruz, thank you.
that game should not have been close
you are there! thx for taking me along on your ultimate ny terror adventure. seriously, you need a blog!
what are you talking about?
. opens nj's hq for .
all 50 of you
fielding some serious anti-semitism from a supporter in my inbox right now. subject line: "kike"
that is so sickening. and, it's more sickening that will not straight up say "that's wrong"
i'm absolutely appalled tom blanda tried giving some bs excuse
oh stop black hole banner doesn't say oakland on it relax
at least give me credit, for saying that this game wasn't over.
fair, fair...much closer than i'd hoped. gross second half.
ridin round all day . jayd mari pe$o like rt smoke 2 to tha face
follow me back boy
dammit, i wanted the redskins to beat the cowgirls
you &amp; every other giant fan wanted to happen
allergic reactions to allergens are quite common.
allergic reactions to vaccines, however, are not.
when the eyebrow lady looks at your lip and goes "only eyebrow????" lmao bihhhhhhh. mind your business.
idk man, i'm starting to think they're just doing god's work and being honest unlike friends/family. so i let them do it.
fast max is pissed about getting crit by a shaky goblin. sacred arrow time for everyone inside the cave
*getting crit in the crotch. key distinction.
"sully" is again. people really need a story of a disaster being averted this close to the election.
and hopefully we'll have a movie of diverting the disaster of this election.
what a catch and run by vance!
and that patton block on keuchly...nnnf
done w/ the stressful part of my weekend. 3pm on sunday. a few hours to myself and then it starts all up again.
wooooo education!
i've seen it a bunch, but can never turn off the equalizer. so badass.
, me too, i always seem to hit it at the scene where offers $9800 for chloe grace morertz' freedom then he kills all the russians.
has no idea what growing up black in america even is, he's a total fraud.
yeah because a racist white trash loser knows what it's like to grow up black. moron
sunday strim starting up, more paladins now, other stuff later!
per cocerstations had last night.
colby lewis, seth smith, and rich hill are the cargo-short wearing dads who talk in a group at swim practice
seth smith is a church dad. so is david murphy.
giants didn't cover for me. thanks for settling for that fg.
as a giants fan, i'd never ever bet on the giants lol
shepard is a monster. maybe the best trio in the league
can't believe amount of dropped balls by cruz and obj today. shepherd made all the difference.
looking at the same week - 4th to 7th sept. i'm waiting for confirmation from the accommodation people. coming back?
would love to!
matt isnt future rather run wth ryan till his sack fully drops or draft new guy. gase nds tell thill ply angry alltime
fair enough.
don't backtrack. this was your year. fuck city. take the bet!!
i need more from jon. open to suggestions
y'all nuggets need to chill about the iphone 7. it comes with this.
it's still a step backward in terms of functionality. a lot of how i use my iphone is using the headphone jack + charger at once
allergic reactions to allergens are quite common.
allergic reactions to are very rare.
who doesn't love casserole?
lol i never understood this argument bc theyre both delicious
kellyanne conway teaching trump to pretend he is human. he will discard her the moment she isn't useful, just as he will his supporters.
i'm curious: does ur early experience of being drawn into working w/dt give you some understanding of ms. conway's decision?
what i wouldn't give for several minutes of complete silence in the monet room. it was one of the smallest, yet loudest.
really. shut the fuck up.
i see what's happing and i'm not falling for it
maybe i just stop watching nfl football all together and completely
how do you find the time, patrick?
its not easy. i've had to cut back on my masturbation to get things done.
they just need an enemy for exploiting their own ppl
there is an overlay system across world boundaries
" pay me respect " lmaoo
lmaoo that 1 crab was wildin
when 49ers' score late to make it 34-33, i wonder if chip kelly will go for 2 ... like del rio last week?
love the optimism
flew to chicago to take this photo and piss off a bunch of people in line.
worth it!!!!
happy birthday! it's your day so have a greattttt day!!!
thank you
a passionate, thoughtful plea "for sanity in how we report on donald and hillary ."
this is simple.it's not, as so crassly put it onmtp, giving hrc a pass. just do your job.
i am ready to watch! got all my prep for tomorrow done!
yaayyy!! now the broncos can have all your attention!!
fuck yes time to die on my first mission
you're gonna get shot by friendly fire by me
ill tell you what'll happen.. eli will choke under the pressure
update eli didn't choke and they won
you're lying
by what basis do you think this? he has at least a 15-month history of it. daily.
finally watching super girl now that it's on netflix, and i'm pleasantly surprised. not just because:
i will add that to queue. finally finished strange things late yesterday. going through withdrawal now.
great stuff, you wait all day for the nfl to start and then your team does this!
worth the wait lol
there is absolutely no dominican spots near me at all
dam that fucking sucks i think i would die lol
lol everyone with eyes could see that was a terrible call and i could care less about this game
in the same replay you couldn't see the ball and his knee
jeeez girl what do you have?
i had a cough that wouldn't go away, but now my body is in pain cause of all the coughing
lmao test em out see what happens
they sent a bunch of kids to detention bc they were walking in the hallway while the national anthem played smh
started playing oz: broken kingdom on my phone, feel free to join the clan. it's under 'team liquid'. pretty fun game.
steve, where is tl ??!
you act like fandom is something fragile or temporary and not a lifelong commitment
apologies. rude of me to geaux there that soon. maybe next week buddy.
if you look up the definition of devil in hebrew it accurately defines everything about hillary
'tevendoubtyourwordbrother.catholics&amp;jews&amp;manyotherscangetalong,whycan'tislammuslims?
what happened?
down 24-16. completed 6yd pass to pitt 33. boyd fumbled it away but replay showed knee clearly down. play stood
hey, it's no blowout. in the words of , blaine montana!
lmao! holy shit i'm in so much shock.
no i swear to god i didn't look like that wtf like zero
tb to when i had brown hair for like a week!
oops fallen hopelessly in love with leo's jay gatsby again
like a good wine, he ages well and i want him in my mouth
if you weren't there you can't imagine. it was a decade of constant scandals. no one said "another right wing smear". you had to defend it.
thank you. i was there, still vivid, still infuriated. your thread will help younger people understand. great resource
as expected.
hmm...now they are teasing us
what's the most embarrassing/devastating bug you created that ended up in production?
shipped a switch in the app that let anyone turn off ads.
everyone is free to change idea, we r in 2016 not in '80s
all i said is that this young lady doesn't feel the same way you do, why do you want her to change that view?
what happened?
earlier, bengals completed td, but called incomplete. dumb coaches didn't challenge.
blast from the past while cleaning the basement!! remember this one ??
equations like that is why i didn't become a meteorologist. lol
there's some sort of coin in my boot but if i stop and unlace my entire boot to take it out and it ands up not being a quarter, imma be mad
it was a quarter and i'm using it on laundry
graduation comes 2nd to mbdtf
yassss u got 1 right
this hair long af and i'm so in love lol
red hair
trust me... you'd rather wake up a hibernating bear than wake me up mid-nap.
your ig had me fooled, i actually put the phone to my ear
i just published "checking in 3rd-party dependencies."
that tagline
omfgasfdedg my babyy :(((
i know i'm sad
if jimmy g can't play on thursday, how would you want the to handle the qb situation?
if some pats fans aren't looking toward week 5 @ cle in part as well...
it can hear me tweet!
u might have to give mac and jinx backround singer credits
you didn't deny it ,you should be more worried after they're done tearing queens apart looking for the bomber.
its a terrorist pressure cooker bomb with cell phone attached in both places
love you too!! and saame bro i miss you so much, just waiting until winter break so can you and the rest of the bros
yessssss b !!!!! so excited only a couple more months
booth view from denver for and . &amp; i at 4:20 et on .
seems east coast will be seeing game afterall.
doing an unfollow spree like this to keep the mutual!!
it's been more than an hour but i'm doing this rn
this one hurts real bad. dak was really good. better than our guy today. i was hopeful but wrong.
cousins can't throw. defense can't stop anyone. nothing has changed. time to sell the team and change the name.
am i crazy for wanting sefo to sit unless he's 100% healthy this week?
i feel you, but if he says he's game-ready, i'd give him the reins.
hey want to be a human of broadway???
i would love to!
yes!! and i am going to take a warm shower &amp; go to bed right after!
good plan lol!!
we'd be more then happy to assist. what are you experiencing with carplay? have you tried any troubleshooting steps so far?
after selecting a route directions will stop to be provided. now head unit can't recognize phone. says it need to be unlocked
i don't know how, but i forgot to prime before foundation, and set with a powder, and it looked better without both?
this has inspired me to not use my primer today lol wish me luck
actually, aloofness refers to being distant, aloof or separate from people. unless you think everything is re: race?
"otherness" certainly has that racist feeling. you all are deplorable, always have been. only way gop can ever win.
starting the trip to see you in san francisco!
and that's it. landed and on my way to the city ...
what about honour favoured neighbour? who taught you how to spell? seems sus
all of those lol. i forced myself to when i was a kid and obsessed with canada (lol)
blount out here hurdling grown men!
children's games
fitness-oriented older americans are undertaking rigorous training &amp; competitions
golden years
a passionate, thoughtful plea "for sanity in how we report on donald and hillary ."
thank you. this is simple. why is it so hard? perhaps it's just too hard for a woman.
and today's award for the wackiest api name goes to: you_should_not_call_base_in_this_method :-)
lol, it's wrapping the corefoundation error of the same name
that would be you.
no, we are just people of color expressing voice in a public space. you, sir, are a troll. . deal with it.
incredibly moving piece by mike wise on cognitive dissonance, and who really decides the legacy of joe paterno:
thanks jay. means a lot to me that you read it and let others read it as well.
when the henny in the system
don't wish anything bad on you, but i hope you lose that bet.
if you think dc films are trash, fine. i don't, but i'm not going to entertain personal attacks. at all.
yup debate yes. getting personal crosses lines and throws up red flags
why even have replay? atrocious
in fairness, if it was called on the field the other way, it also would've been upheld
it says 'the people'... plain english. means what it says.
sorry, can't help you...
for all my interest in this election, i am actually not allowed to vote in it. i'm a concerned northern neighbor.
dig your honesty..something sorely lacking down here!
you spell tyre with a y?
nah just "our" words
trust me... you'd rather wake up a hibernating bear than wake me up mid-nap.
a suckerpunch from you well worth it the blackeye is worth the risk lolol
its a terrorist pressure cooker bomb with cell phone attached in both places
yes i'm denying any american or trump supporter did this
i know it's far from a perfect analogy, but... could uber/lyft ultimately become netscape.
fighten words
roll up to the book fair like "i'm here for the event"
where my art book christians at, yr boy is ready to mingle
i got addicted to pokemon again
what's that new update cha fun i love it
follow the money.
the claim cannot be the evidence
he salty as fuck lol it was just a simple offer ...
who's salty?
wish i could always have long hair. as a greek, i'm not able to do so comfortably. jealous of your hair, it always looks good.
grass is always greener i guess... i hate putting product in my hair but my long hair is so limp and lifeless without it
good afternoon everyone we are all in nj, vegas,ny,sacramento, vancouver,
kanwar where is my tea !!!
nbhs told us we couldn't wear our senior shirts until after homeroom so before homeroom we flooded the bathrooms to change
but bc there's over 500 seniors there was a long wait so a lot of people were walking down the hall while the anthem played
osu, the zonas. three very winnable games with sefo.
lol i'm biased bc i'm going to be at the game and really want to see a win
u aint even watch the game. eat a dick.
i've been watching play by play . i don't gotta watch it to know y'all ass
i got a seat and a nice glass (no more red cups lol) sitting right next to me with your name on it
gimme about 4 hours and i'll meet you there!!
see i rarely am charging while i'm listening to music. personal preference i guess. still better than my galaxy so
i'm gonna wait until they release a 7s with a headphone jack. apparently they're selling abysmally.
one of the bombs was set in front of the center for the blind! ... not a 'gay' neighborhood - a popular one!
that location is in chelsea too.
field goal ftw! the giants are now 2-0 with a 16-13 win over the saints.
# as predicted it was an ugly game, but i like what i saw on the giants side. beckham,cruz,shepard,jennings. i'm excited
some one rap with me! im barring up rn
me honestly
beautiful day for a pool day! hows everyone spending their weekend?
currently doing a school project
president obama: low black voter turnout would be 'insult to my legacy'
does obama know what the definition of "legacy" is? what are his supposed accomplishments?
grass is always greener i guess... i hate putting product in my hair but my long hair is so limp and lifeless without it
i'm jealous of people who have curls or waves or just natural volume
idk if i fuck with this block
that's an imposter block, that ain't no baby swiss
i just rode back from there to willow glen...
i'm on west san carlos at western appliances.
i've seen god do amazing things in finances, but the risk for someone that doesn't understand how and why giving...
"for one, im suspicious of a god who can create anything including gold and yet needs my money."\_()_/
i thought so! that way i don't have to be concerned about being to hyped up to get to sleep!!
you're a smart girl
happy 26th birthday to my favorite aunt, my back bone and my life time best friend. i love you lil betch
omg she's so cute
multiple law enforcement officials tell that investigators are exploring the possibility the 2 explosions in ny and nj are linked 1/
investigators are exploring if the explosions are linked to the same bomber or bombers by what appear to be similar types of cell phones 2/
john stopped by the office to teach me his unique arms-crossed style of organ playing. by
he can play ... with his mind????
this piece is very unflattering to trump. if you appeal to his vanity in the headline, he tweets it anyway.
this psych is so hard to understand. he doesn't want the rest of us to trust him? he'd prefer we didn't?
dak to the rescue. the rookie qb's late td drive leads dallas to a 27-23 road win over the redskins.
trade romo for a washing machine
you're a warriors fan, and a steelers fan from ohio. idk if you watch baseball but you've probably always been a yankees fan too.
idc what y'all say . and idc about baseball . y'all suck
yes, is that arrogant.
mama don't let you babies grow up to be russian cowboys
if you flirt with my boyfriend every time you see him don't expect me to be nice to you even if you come in my work place
pull up cuhz
no one said this, in fact said x-rays negative no breaks.
someone on twitter did. it was bs.
rewatched the original blair witch last night, and it still works like gangbusters. ahs's "homage" pales in comparison.
i just watched it for the first time this year. was properly spooked.
xp are not the reason for the loss.
lose by 3, decline the pat kick on 4 td... it's the sole controllable reason and it, like everything else, is all on helfrich
free kids bike helmets! they are a very hip hot orange.
the kid got a free one last year at . she's still thrilled with it. great service!
i'm so scared of her lol
whyyyy she loves you !
for all my interest in this election, i am actually not allowed to vote in it. i'm a concerned northern neighbor.
notice y'all could elect &amp; nobody in would bat an eyelash?
love it! best birthday gift i could ask for! lol now 2.36"/hr
happy birthday pz! and many happy returns every day of this new year!
no vedday im talking about the old one its a blast
ohhh yea that's good to deek he got layshov
this throwback la rams uniform is so beautiful!
they oughtta make it the standard uni forreal.
uber rides can also substitute for transit.
true, but. uber must be more convenient than pub trans, else why pay more? worth extra emissions &amp; congestion? perhaps
happy birthday
chelsea!!!!
berlin bunker! you dare quote putin, ex-kgb goon in your bio and doubt my patriotism?
putin iis more american than you will ever be
what the hell was i thinking picking the lions to win in my survivor pool?
thinking the same thing myself right now...
i got kidnapped by a woman visiting america from africa last night. that's how my night went
was that the black dont crack girl lmao
thread young &amp; beautiful
"let's find a place we've never been to before, and after today, let's never go there again."
but bc there's over 500 seniors there was a long wait so a lot of people were walking down the hall while the anthem played
they yelled in their face to stop walking &amp; then sent them into detention for coming late &amp; disrespecting the anthem. they were soo mad
that's why you gotta just stay in bed like me
i'm in a bad mood bcs the saints lost babe id be even more mad if i was in bed bcs i would have watched the entire game
you are such a fairweather fan
not at all. i love to hate my teams.
looking at that picture makes me think that clinton is literally just a puppet.....a pawn in the hands of huma abedin &amp; m.b.!!!!
wake up america
hey, i'm doing a research project on darker skin people in different cultures. if you feel like that's you, please hit me up.
essentially, i'll just be asking open ended questions just to learn about your experiences.
remembering 'the osbournes,' the show that paved the way for the kardashians
i did not watch either. nor do i watch housewives
hello! here is neko case singing "this tornado loves you" because i like you guys.
btw i get carpal tunnel just watching the guy playing the telecaster.
he has placed the security of the west at risk. violation of "life liberty and the pursuit of happiness."
oh john the banks did that, and hapless "cia" truman is rolling even tho he "took the money"he didn't spoil for this clustercuss
that's how i was feeling
lml shit u better start cooking and shit
the picture i tweeted lol
cracking up!
i just heard of a bomb in new york
yes a bomb was set off in nyc!!
when i preordered the ema fig it was deducted immediately but it might defer between items?
yup, charges immediately for pre-orders
ok so dinah used the word gay as an insult? who cares tho like we've been called worse stuff chill out dudes y'all annoying asf
using gay as a way to insult something perpetuates the idea that gay=bad. just like calling someone a pussy insinuates pussy=weak
i have an idea for our newscasts... what do you think
yes to running this and yes to you wearing this during your sportscast!!!
uber rides can also substitute for transit.
it's about the quantification. doesn't sound like easy empirics
i believe that. i got mine the day it came out and the store was empty. literally.
haha jesus... i just can't go on in life without imessage really... otherwise i would just switch.
they yelled in their face to stop walking &amp; then sent them into detention for coming late &amp; disrespecting the anthem. they were soo mad
anyways i'm tired of the administration &amp; thats why i walked in 1st period with my senior shirt on &amp; no one said shit.
tim happy....yup.
this is how happy i am. beating our arch rivals at home in atrocious weather.
in fairness, if it was called on the field the other way, it also would've been upheld
*insert bitter, shitty tweet about how the nfl favors the pats and steelers over everyone else here"
happy mofucken birthday to dis nigga right hereee mad love for you my gator hope that hang over ain't too bad this morning
hahaha thanks that hang over isn't treating me well right now
capcom please...
husbando game? lol i know what you'll be doin on the plane to japan.
got his actual st jersey for my dad a while back.
nice! now you need one. but like a leather lord tariq &amp; peter gunz version...
my favorite karaoke song is forty minutes of wolf howls and it is definitely not the only one i can do
i actually have this on vinyl.
i'm so dead tired... i really don't want to go to school.. why does it start so early!? merp xc
"repent therefore+b converted, that ur sins may b blot.out, so that times of refresh.may come from the presence of the lord,
lol that was meee
dammit! lol are you still there?? we went to grab food
lol-- we both won on the ravens/browns d. my pick was ravens -4.5!
haha! always shop for the number you want! prime example.
dustin fowler's 15 triples this year with trenton were the highest single-season total in the eastern league since 1993.
such an underrated prospect. even in the yankees loaded farm
kelsey.com - looking forward to your email!
thanks so much :) will make it a priority
happy birthday bro have a good one
thanks babe
unbelievable!! the ones that act the "most down" are the biggest punks! smh
it's always an act. their white privilege always kicks in.
those throwbacks, in the sun, in the coliseum. heaven.
a little out of focus...
i don't think "iron-clad" means what you think it means.
, i think sarcasm is hard to detect on twitter
i'm dancing around my living room.
me too!
this makes me so heated i feel like crying fire bc i am that heated
i'm actually disgusted wow just wow i'm really upset by this
all my memories taste like pesto and stale coffee.
i read this as "all my roomies" for some reason.
charmed life.
cmon man. these 2 wins weren't pretty. it they count
who's this "glen" person? lmao
hes the minute man of bb one minute hes there next minute hes gone
robbed by the refs on that one
did look questionable at the bar. still can't think steelers had that one
dolphins killed jimmy ??? and we play thursday night
he's fine. he'll be back
do i drink this vodka mixed lemonade that's been left out over night
i threw it out, i'm making progress
jaguars winning today?
can you make successful vines anymore?
lucy has lost her sock now!
it's in her shoe
someone asked what i wanted for my birthday. i said i want the election to be over.
yeah wake me up in january 2021 after 4 years of trump.
another week another win. !
reporting this as spam brb
this literally just came up on spotify
this is some severe subliminal messaging
given the choice between 's account &amp; blumenthal's denial, i'll take asher every time. no contest.
of course you would. you work for fox
check this out if you havnt already! the chant at the end
haha thay chant amazing dudes a helluva worker that theme brilliant to many new young guys in wwe
human key duplicator
turns out it's a guy from the hardwarestore on standby. easy paycheck, batman!
you want frustratingly typical try the redskins game- always finding creative ways to lose
i feel for you, man. washington looks awful. might be karma for what they did to rg3. &amp; of course, there's the racist mascot.
any bo1 nerds playing and can sauce me an invite?
i would have if saw your notification in time, just got offline
it'd be nice if we didn't get screwed by the officials every year
or at least not until later in the season
"do yourself a favor, danny: let it bother you." still plays with a chip on his shoulder.
one of my greatest regrets as a jets fan is seeing him get away. do your thing danny!
perfect! i'll be cheering for your broncos now that my game is over
thanks girl!!! go broncos!!
corporate website updated causing some playback issues working on resolution
new year's eve is still three+ months away i think you can work on resolutions tomorrow.
have you seen mittendorf's apologia for the cf in salon?
this is like everything about the clintons. "i know it looks really bad, but let me explain it away"
i'm 4 months already! how are you livvie! hooe you is safe!
we iz safe ted! in bwooklyn, far fwum da ied. 4 monfs! wow! wot yu up to?
avignon, lovely little city.
been to paris many times, bicycle trip along dordogne. next trip, ship ports at marseille &amp; port vendres en route to barcelona.
if i know anyone with any wildly american attire, please message me.
too bad i'm in nyc, i've got an arsenal
yea we're 0-2 by a total of 4pts! time to start checking out draft picks!
you guys are dangerous, what can you do, don't lose faith yet
dead lmaoooo
if it all was as simple as the swipe of my glasses
it's not ...lol...
well ilikeit to say hello to u everyday !!!!!
check this out if you havnt already! the chant at the end
for him to shine and have the title and effort put into him
who you are to "launch democracy" in syria...your "launching" killed people in paris, amsterdam, new-york
the syrian people were the ones that demanded their own rights. assad then began shooting them dead.
school just started and i'm already so behind, woo
bro you look brolic in your pro-pic
wtw bro. cali lit?
it's cool lol it ain't too crazy out here
a friendly reminder from msnbc: hillary campaign created and promoted 'birtherism'
and so you just thought you would keep it going by retweeting this photo. u r disgusting
trump super pac strategist says there is an "otherness" to obama
code word for "not like you other true americans." republicans now pivoting to code. worked for the nazis for a while.
i can't wait until you start thinking about microsoft word
just as soon as someone takes off my restraining bolt
ok so for fantasy purposes i need the seahawks entire team &amp; chargers offense to play well. i'm exhausted from pats game &amp; may take a nap
take a nap and then chug down a red bull to get back into things.
with so many people (of color) locked up for minor offenses, seeing stuff like this is a slap in the face
who the f thought this was a good idea?
i watch &amp; never know who will draw me to em...sacrificing, believing in usually makes me a fan; plays 4 with
my father always said "when i die, tell me when giants win super bowl"; i drove to his grave &amp; played 1st game on radio.
spot prize! how many tiles are in the bathroom? one lucky winner will get a wlw tote bag &amp; a small wipes bundle.
lol! cam! i went to get cookies
i'm cautiously optimistic he can play well with a week practicing with the first team
yeah hopefully they can tailor a game plan around him. i have faith in chev
breaking: has no ground game in delaware, ohio
she counted:1,2,3,4,5,6! bravo the clip! really impressed
. ; and now you tweet about anti-semitism in the african american community. (and don't deny it's very prevalent.)
. ; and now you tweet about anti-semitism in the african american community. (and don't deny it's very prevalent.)
if you're a woc and you post pics of kanye's wife and any of her sisters as your , i don't trust you.
say it louder for the people in the back!
will, im jealous that you're friends with casey.
if you are in nyc you should hang out with us!
- thank you love! i'm still thinking of places bc i want to make sure it's good.
okay - let me now cause you'll def have to make a reservation for something high end
dance the night away with the stars of television at the tonight on abc!
i wasnt going 2 watch this season again. when i learned was on i changed my mind.super talented &amp;i love her smile
who you are to "launch democracy" in syria...your "launching" killed people in paris, amsterdam, new-york
as far as "launching" democracy: it's not like a missile to be hurled over borders. that's not how it works.
a kind of day
so good!!!!!
from now on i call the shots. that's just how it goes episode 309 on tonight! somebody's got to...
you better be calling them right tommy, cuz u got me all confused.. wat about kanan? season 4 for him hunh?
what is the step stool for? i am moving to new york on october 1st i'd love to meet you!
would love to meet you as well! step stool was acquired on my errands spree lol
my natural hair is actually kinda curly i just always straighten it
thanks for the text back
i'm turning into one of those people who says "dope" and "a hot second" help me
we just need u to be better michelle
older sister. she took me to see the beatles, doors, many more.
nice!! older siblings for the win. mine is 57, so missed that. but? he took me to so many grateful dead shows
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
excellent restraint, but get new lawyers, as "irresponsible intent" does not exist as grounds for a suit.
beyonce baptized me yesterday. thank you, mother. we've sang together, we've held hands and now you've blessed me with holy water.
i know you're not suppose to question god, but i'm grateful.
*insert bitter, shitty tweet about how the nfl favors the pats and steelers over everyone else here"
favor? at least 2 pi's on brown weren't called in this game
i like the nonchalant leg cross afterwards.
yaasss!! that's the best part!
absolutely! i arrive in ny on tuesday for about a week. email me one or two eves that might work for you guys?
myself and/or jennifer will do just that.
you deserve to be petty
you're a terrible influence on me
you can dislike dowd, cnn or gates and still acknowledge this is insane behavior for a person running for president.
apparently he plans on tweeting this claptrap as president sophomoric dribbler
thanks man, i'll be fine. i saw that coming.
i'm not even gonna crying jordan you.
idk about you but the idea of leaving the house with nothing but a watch and a pair of ear buds feels very liberating
lots of tasks that can be made as invisible as fitness tracking. unlocking doors, swiping into mass transit, etc
not worried. but cynical me wonders if there was payment from tn to take out
its something they would do
job is to test, not forward own pol agenda. that's when journo becomes pundit. see w/ me and boris thurs
i hate bias
i'm not even gonna crying jordan you.
if it's any consolation, i can't recall many other 25-20 games without a band on the field
this is what happens when i use swype to write " cake"
that's an entirely different enterprise
some heathen shit
y'all wouldn't survive in the wild you primal.
my eyes are just large. ignore that
was the cupcake good
omg justin's working on a new album??
wow already
the president of the united states is releasing dangerous jihadists. he's lying about it. that ought to be news.
and their dangerous because?? what did they do? no trial!
why it's so important we get some progressive minds on the supreme court.
also why it's even more important to get progressive minds in states' legislatures and executive offices
she was just walking to her seat shdifjfjfh slay me
fucking queen!
it's *you're, you should of played a little more school
it's "you should have played a little more school"
how to tell you're almost 30: grab popeyes because you're desperately hungry but then worry about how sick it will make you as you eat it
those biscuits are worth a sore tummy for sure.
hey you are in the neighborhood! want to go to a caf in sf if your itinerary has any space?
hey man! i'm in the bay area for a yc event yesterday. i'm heading back to the airport today: won't be near downtown sf. next time?
took son to disneyland for the 1st time. then he wiped my phone by typing the wrong password 5x, &amp; deleted the pics.
i picture breathing a sigh of relief that the pictures of him drunk in the winston costume won't see the light of day.
earth, denise, hop off me!!
on this one, the home planet. the planet that we all share with coolio.
i really like it. like a bizarre cartoon. where the os lacks a lot of nice quirky emotional touches the emojis have tons.
a bizarre japanese cartoon. sounds like something from my nightmares
wussup is it a go or nah cause niggas going tonight
nigga that's why i asked u
if it all was as simple as the swipe of my glasses
our sixth sense was off this time
awesome! just registered
great! looking forward to meeting you then trudy.
agreed. still got the bud light at the end of the day. all good here
end of the day that is always number one
yes! every thing is that good!
ok. i am having to water everything down so much in order to make it drinkable i don't know if i am getting value out of it
giants are 2-0 for the first time since 2009, which was also the last time they were 3-0.
their "d" smothered the saints. quick to the ball, hard hitting, strong at point of attack. giants got their money's worth.
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
it is disgusting how they printed all those facts.
clinton 2008 sr adviser sid blumenthal pushed mcclatchy so hard on birther story that they sent a reporter to kenya.
so if we are going to hold supporters responsible i guess david duke is in tight with trump the racist
mike's mom has no business looking like that huh
bruh she right behind jimmy neutron's mom in my list of tv moms i want to smash
...&amp; whitehead's 'concept of nature' lecture (outline:
awesome. thanks for pointing me in the right direction.
people will be like "ur here for a reason " but what if that reason is to make the best easily replicable carne asada fries recipe on earth
where's the fries sir
how so? you don't know me from anything.
we "know you" from thisif u knew anything about us, u'd know that was some of our least "dumb stuff".
two terrorist attacks yesterday, the media trying desperately to cover it up and it's not trending on twitter now? uh
dishonest and corrupt is making me sick.they don't give a for our safety they'll do anything to protect campaign
anyone interested ?
thank u boo
aww i can't..
i know right did you hear justin is in the process of making another album
wussup is it a go or nah cause niggas going tonight
let's go watch don't breath !
the offer still stands
i was looking to burn calories not intake more
43!!! not under tub or sink
lol! i got bored and went for cookies
didn't ask for your "help" and don't need it. my obligation is defend my constitutional rights.
then don't vote for trump because he'll eliminate several of them: the 1st, 5th, 8th &amp; 14th amendments
this avi. you're stunning
thank you babe
stop this is too lewd for me to think about!
you can imagine that intense feeling of touching hands with your virtual husbando for the first time. and then the nosebleed.
odell should've caught it
haha he was too psyched out man, he was bootsy all game! still had decent numbers but dropped couple that could've been big.
sounds like they should've won
they really played like crud on o, but could've at least had a fighting chance if replay official wasn't incompetent
my ap english teacher from freshman year of high school completely ruined the song ironic by atlantis morrissette for me.
terrorist attacks in nyc and in mn. and what radical obama and clinton want- they want more syrian refugees lol ,trump so right!
first time in ! is winning me over already. too bad it is just a short visit . soon, though. soon...
this city's got all the right vibes!
guess that's a better then total lack of morals and honesty right must be hard to think outside democratic plantation for you
lack of morals &amp; honesty best describes djt who lies with impunity 2 cover his lack of temperament,get outta republican plantatn
no cookies for you!!!
chocolate brownies! i want to take my bike out
nothin like a cup of lean to start your day
dump em! the search for dirty sprite
haha, true. it's ok, next week is taking an l lol
yeeeah okay 0-2
i'd probably just hide and wait for it to pass on by
better have a top security system installed my friend! lol
they really played like crud on o, but could've at least had a fighting chance if replay official wasn't incompetent
and gals' coaches were bothering to pay attention on the non-td. cost them 4pts
enjoy the two weeks of it before karl returns :p
ha i'm ok with it.
last nights left overs tho...
what you eatting
on my time off i am quite the homebody and my new guilty pleasure is lifetime movies.....i am aware i am extremely lame lol !
lifetime movies are the best!
is this the horrible dessert that's served after the fuck me penne on earth's worst date
(in cased you missed that idiocy: (it went viral and also the recipe looks mediocre at best)
thread young &amp; beautiful
"keep your secrets. you're too young &amp; beautiful not to have secrets."
hillary calls on trump 2apologize for his birther remarks. will she apologize 4 her staff spreading that rumor when she ran vs obama in '08?
wasn't her staff. the one that did she fired. she didn't keep it up five years after his birth certificate. nice try
anyone who pays taxes but neglects to vote is a pawn for the regime. you can't just "opt out."
however, as irresponsible as i might consider it, this not true of voting 3rd-party.
thanks for folllowing. my coworker got your details - be so great to catchup. love the way you
would love to connect and thanks for the follow! i'm at the summit today/tomorrow.
this is silly. you have a right to express yourself, but not a right to be a professional football player.
they play football in canada. if this country is such a burden to their delicate sensibilities, cfl would greatly take them
reason why i don't fuck with dudes/cut them off so easy is because they don't know how to be a fucking friend
and im gonna go in on this rant bc in genuinely hurt and i don't get hurt lol
fun excel fact: it was going to be called odyssey; it was such a crucial product that ms outsourced the name to a branding agency
wow imagine those meetings
spartan sprint finisher 2016
yasssssss babe
really what?? where??
he said it at his concert tonight but he's not really sure if he's liking it
just mainly venturing and eating, same stuff. but, oakland has kinder vibes that my heart is closer with. the art is a1 too.
i've honestly been in the streets there like once, do you mean art in like a street sense or museum?
hey , how come i can't reupload audio on certain tracks with my pro account?
still awaiting your reply
asking to act like an adult and do things in a rational way is insulting? ok
your certainly not acting like a rational adult by literally expecting people to vote for your corrupt warmonger. not closel
seriously!! i was dying!!
that smile though!!!!
i hope he bites u
shut up! he's probably plotting when to get me
some lady just gave me dirty looks in the bathroom. because that makes the situation better for the both of us right!
start carrying a small can of axe spray and tell people you're trying to help them with their "stank eye".
can you grab me a water if you're still in line?? lol
i'm at a sit down but sure i can grab you water lol
watching amazon's one mississippi. i like it a lot; it resides at some new midpoint btw tv series &amp; indie movie, but it's not quite either.
the season is about 2:40--film-sized. but its rhythm and reiterative, episodic form are tv. maybe it's a mini-miniseries? in any case, good.
i love hotties as much as i curse their very existence. can anyone relate??????? online???????
i just tell hot people to stay away from me off the rip
and im gonna go in on this rant bc in genuinely hurt and i don't get hurt lol
if u have an issue with me let me know what's good don't be all confrontational and not leer me know what's up
next valentine's day, pick up a copy of 's new memoir about nyc and oliver sacks, insomnaic city:
ah! this needs this
it's time friends, to piss on the devil!
everythingshestands4isevil
sorry nfl, the patriots can win without tom brady
we will see about the thursday
the department of immigration's actual on-shore service delivery to migrants is extensive and world leading imo
or at least it was in 2013. also was more of a research &amp; evidence driven culture than other depts
so if one wanted to write a book and offer it for free, how would one do that? anyone have tips or a guide? :)
see or just use asciidoc as a canvas and publish via github pages
i am the older sibling. being the older sibling and tastemaker isn't always easy.
with great power comes great responsibility
ivanka trump's defense of her cosmopolitan interview is ludicrous and insulting:
she is her father's daughter.
wow you look better than ever
thank you boo! that glo up shit is a real thing
worst part about losing someone is knowing that everything reminds you of them..
today is the african american day parade &amp; all i can think about is how my gma used to pack lunches for me &amp; my cousins when we were younger
6 years today. here's to many more, ! iyou.
congrats, adam!
good afternoon, can you tell us which train, station and direction are you referring to? ^jg
uptown 1 train is extremely delayed, stopping for 10+ minutes at 79th and 86th
they were getting whopped
how bout them cowboys?!
slowed down one of the best offense in the league. saints scored 34 last week, they were lucky enough to score 13 this week
a lot of dropped passes from and penalties that took them out of field goal range more than once. the saint played bad to an ok d
doc is in today. stop by battle of the badges starting at 12pm at resorts world casino.
i'm looking for management career
maybe like this one?
yea i was thinking
didn't respond to my first tweet afraid miss hillary will throw you out of the big house? think for yourself damn man
ur 1st tweet makes no sense just like what drumpf spews on daily basis, it's deplorable!!!
wish i could exist in a universe where i have boobs worth screaming about but no one screams at me on the street about them
this fishing for response ass tweet what do u even mean miss snap queen
where are you
92nd street
congratulations won the spot prize of a wipes bundle and wlw tote bag for guessing the number correctly!
is this contest open to uk??
i don't ever recall muting you!
empty threat a week ago then. whew
would you hide a jew from the nazis? my sunday column
i'm all for helping refugees but comparing syrian crisis to nazi holocaust is a wrong-headed, tone deaf insulting comparison
i don't give a shit vote for who you want, my issues is paying for your mistakes
again u act like a child 2 presume the other person, not u for voting for the warmonger, is making mistakes &amp; worrying bout them
oh and ps, was on my call list! and she picked up! what are the odds?
this makes me gleefully excited for reasons i'm not quite sure if
: 'i always try to tell the truth' . what, the devil makes you lie? nonexistent moral compass
hillary is always right. we all,trust her. goddess people like trump &amp; his uneducated followers must go to hell.
why i can never be a teacher.
i went to school in ontario. lmao!!
had dallas too. the one game i thought i had locked up is gonna lose though (carolina). have tb and sea this afternoon
kirk cousins had to blow it of course
terry collins won't commit to another start for gabriel ynoa just yet. the are hopeful steven matz may be ready in five days' time.
i don't think he commit to anyone being able to start
i preferred fleabag, also on amazon.
looking forward to watching that one.
i'm in tune with my body. every time my period is about to start, i collapse n moan very loudly on all 4s. j my feminine prowess i suppose.
we're cycling together &lt;3
i've been texting you for days but i can't save your number because i don't fucking know your name.
i could ask something like, "how do you spell your name?" but the last time i did that, the name was annie and i felt like a dick.
you are a sad disgruntled employee.
no he isn't. he has a brain unlike trump supporters
fuck any team that won today. @ me so i can fry you up
are you coming bitch
oh and ps, was on my call list! and she picked up! what are the odds?
this makes me so excited!
celebrating a hop is up : fun and laughs and drawing at storytime with
you're the best!!
omg! that's my video. i am dying now.
that's cool michelle! i love it.
these photos look amazing.
but worth the hugeness of the phone? may as well lug around my canon 60d...
rates and amounts are negotiated.
agmt says supply assurance reducible only b/c of shortage, emergency, drought, repairs
i am experimenting with a few folders and gemfiles to see what i can do with them. i'll report details in a moment.
i've updated the issue with more examples.
there is only one option: stay and fight.
i'm gonna buy a three piece suit move to ny and become an investment banker because apparently it's the '80s again
common sense ain't always common
where u hear that one...
duke on the fast track to 1-11. gonna lose a bunch of recruits too. hot, flaming garbage.
kinda like the glorious dozen years between 1996 and 2007? when they went a combined 19-117, for a .139 win%? ;-)
cute color. good match for your dress. ;-)
thank you it also perfectly matches the daytime outfit i was wearing
100 percent correct. and roger blocked me, but i wrote very positive article about him today:
the thing that gets me--and it wasn't like this when i was at bb--is that the focus on gaga and the like stifles others.
so 5 years from now, la will have two teams it won't support.
but the owners will greatly increase their value and revenues.
the face of a man who had a passion for cod
i liked and retweeted first
thread young &amp; beautiful
"for the first time, harry styles looks consistently like a person. he looks like a boy. and louis can't look away."
nothing annoys me more then when someone has a really good tweet and i can't retweet it.
this is why i took my account off private. i'm a legend.
please donate 1 or 2 dollars to this link helping silver creek football grow
donate through my page pls thank you
republicans are incapable ,or unwilling to acknowledge the truth ,so why bother?
that actually describes hillary supporters who won't accept the truth of their corrupt warmonger and harass stein voters.
you mad bro? tony, you're running out of things to complain about. have you addressed ?
hey kevin you voting for the guy who has raped, not paid taxes, and not paid his workers? mr. tweet
don't pretend that you care if i mute you!
you'd mostly be missing my rting you
saw it twice and there wasn't a damn thing i didn't love! thank you, thank you, thank you!
i'm going tonight i hope to be scared shitless
over last 2 games, brandon crawford has been involved in 12 outs (10 last night).
think it might have been 11 last night.
what single issue matters most to you this election? we want to know. tell us in 3 words or less.
economic prosperity for all
you can spin it however you like but there is no version of this story where a trained adult shooting a 13 year old kid is okay.
happened in my hometown.
yes please keep me abreast of your travel plans :)
i'll definitely hit you up when i'm in town
halfway home. is putting a whoppin' on em so far out there.
keep dominating this race !!
will marijuana ballot proposals get out to vote in fl, nv and az?
nope. zero evidence over many cycles that it's a motivator. likely millennial voters do support it though.
for every great win like last week, there's a terrible loss like this week.
you'd think we'd be used to it but i will never be used to this
oh when he said he didn't start the birthier issue? i don't understand why he's still running.
republicans always lie with a straight face. difference with trump is that he's so in your face &amp; vile.
democrats should demand a replacement. she's drugged up and still barely awake.
hilary: can't someone else handle this? (pause) hummaah!
tyg's uncharismatic acting pulls me right out. she can't carry a show. i really wanted to like it.
i get that objection. for me the fact that she isn't the most natural actor was balanced by how clearly it's her own story/voice.
is net.inet.ip.forwarding / net.inet6.ip6.forwarding set? (gateway_enable=yes in rc.conf)
yes. router getting packet and seemly dropping it. (not fwd). internal v6 seemly getting wrong v6 prefix ?
hi guys! come spend a mellow sunday with me -&gt;
wow what a woman , no makeup on, lexxy is a natural beautiful lady
i only do that once a month any more than that it becomes an addiction
,whatwenowhaveisleadingus2annihalation.
never seen it! watching it now.
ahhhhh so good
wishing a happy birthday!
happy birthday
no choice but to retweet...too funny
it took me about 5minutes to find a good one. grin
since when is a commie russian spy "american"? was the cold war so long b4 your time?
he cares more about the american flag than democrats do
crazy i was walking down 27th street today too...
. first time seeing in this on 42nd and 2nd and on a sunday?
i swear i see old crts littering the streets of new york almost every day.
i don't believe you. you're just tweeting google images you found.
shouldn't the 4:25pm rule only affect if your home team is playing opposed at that time? i'm in nyc and neither team is playing??
nyc should of remained with the 49ers/panthers.
you seem to have a terrible virus on your mac!
company of heroes is never a terrible thing.
if u have an issue with me let me know what's good don't be all confrontational and not leer me know what's up
i don't appreciate when my so called "friends" walk out on me and don't communicate like i go above and beyond 4 ur ass
our uk premiere will be happening at on sunday 25th sep at 10:00. if you're attending, we look forward to seeing you there!
congrats on the sept. 25th 10pm uk premiere well done!
i knew that having a new manager from the south is going to make me test my patience and self-control.
oof, good luck!
ur an amazing person man. i'm glad i know u &amp; i feel the same way, might not be as bad at all but i still love me!
thanks adam! i lm not saying i hate my life lol. just like so many people have it so much worse than i do so im grateful
it's kind of funny the chargers pr working hard since aj smith interview
they have been trying to get message out for sure. but this was always the plan in advance of vote
my fantasy team hopes the same thing
same. he's gonna get traded otherwise.
i get it. but aren't all "engaged"? just perhaps, not w/each other or even w/pt. pt shd b ctr of engagement
yes! that's the problem :)
attn: downtown service may be delayed by heavy traffic near conference at moscone center.
explains the mess of horns, dangerous driving, and total disregard for transit lanes outside. thanks !
not that it really matters with that view. wow
the referee just got hit with the ball. highlight so far. other than that, little clue
football. should have hashtagged
figured lol
not a word bye
wow congrats ! i know it's not a fucking word, ever heard "that part" by schoolboy q, liven the fuck up you grammar nazi
i would loveee to! lol
i wanna have a party
i like sparkling water plain or with a slight bit of fresh lemon or lime.
ah yeah i'm ok only with plain. or lime/lemon soda. no in-between
balancing school with work and cheer is such a struggle rip me
you're back in cheer ?
me either. that help?
i expect you will do fine. you should take my spot.
have no fear me and yeshua are campaigning
# i'll b right there with the knights templar.
will be there...
see you there!
hum, is really shameless in its pro-hrc advocacy.
in this specific case, however, politifact seems to have it right, as per that link. (1/2)
yes he must keeps climbing in the polls. i am so excited
same here, very excited!
. i've been going to bed before midnight, only drinking a glass of wine or two on sat nights and feel great for sundays
nice! i'm trying to be more mindful of it too
thread young &amp; beautiful
"books are food for the brain. i can't think of anything healthier."
dude. you rock. thank you!
no worries! i can't believe no one hit him!
yeah, i made it last summer.
i know he's a fav of yours.
i thought when u said "he has no regard for human life!!" was the best ever but this take the cake !!
haha i thought the birdman flapping his wings was pretty funny
is this when erick fell on his face? lol
no haha, this was right before. he was carrying brit when that happened hahahaha
this is how happy i am. beating our arch rivals at home in atrocious weather.
i dont know what was funnier, the kitty-butt-wiggle or shaq thinking he can belly dance. lol
mannn, i'm so shocked yet excited that were able to come back from such a big deficit!
thats a hell of a comback. mike wallace looks vintage catching tds
ivanka trump's defense of her cosmopolitan interview is ludicrous and insulting:
. check where ivanka manufacturs her footwear. this is after daddy's china tirade.
hey y'all, hit ya boy up if you need some senior/prom/dance(s)/portraits taken. dm me for sample pictures//. :')
that's my nephew... wanted to show the world how cute we are :')
in this specific case, however, politifact seems to have it right, as per that link. (1/2)
there is no evidence linking the actions of that clinton supporter to the campaign itself. (2/2)
one week and two days since i ate shit on a subway staircase and my legs still look dead
silver lining: i have those sheets and so does the hamptons house where the kardashians stayed. (i'm bad at silver linings)
this is what a game changing taunting penalty looks like. we just can't have this a game of tough mans game.
that's crazy. who did they say he taunted? the ref?
looks like terrorism getting a little close for all the hrc lovers in nj/nyc. trump might still win nj.
we smelled the smoke &amp; had folks here die on 9/11... the big one on bush's watch. i blew up garbage cans better with m80s than this.
strange, try closing then starting the app again..
hmm..ok delete the app and install again and let me know if that fixes it.
no! i'm just mad someone honked and screeched at me
the context makes it sound different but re reading it i see what u mean ok i am sorry i love u and ur boobs
i love the excitement level from my kids when i return home after a few days away from home but, boy, did i miss them.
glad you made it home safely.
i seemed to exist to serve as a warning to others...until college.
i don't know. i was in kindergarten in 1969 with an angry teacher who didn't want to teach brown kids
i'm so excited this is too much
how the heck
can't argue with that based on how they played today.
still early in the season but your defense is suspect
i've got 6 new big teeth &amp; i cocks me leg now livvie! *proud fave*
wow, ted, yu iz on yer way to becoming a likkle man
they get jacksonville next week. should be an easy game
jax is a pretty good team, they can exploit a bad secondary.
what's your post-trump freak out plan? mine's to move to nepal and learn the ways of the mountains and live off goats i raise.
i was thinking london, but then happened. need to find a place with less crazy -- not looking for a lateral move. :p
the bagels at the spot near my apartment are great. the iced coffee is ass. this is so tough for me.
where are you nearish? not bushwick?
the tarzan song by phil collins makes me cry
two worlds one family
while showing off 2 n they ask us primly if we want biscotti while brewing tea at the table wtf
your row is too fancy
oomf went to pride alone
and? you don't need to be with people to have a good time, if you are comfortable with yourself
my is 4 it would
in a tuff one dy
want a medal?
neh i want a cookie
birthday brunch and glorious antiques everywhere! what a fabulous day!! ...
happy birthday my beautiful. sending you all of the hugs and kisses.
hurriedly bringing a stretcher into the locker room. not sure for whom, but cam erving was struggling with an injury all game
prayers for him. look like he punctured a lung or something with his chest clutches once off the field.
lmao never that. it's just niners nation &amp; you know that.
yall getting smacked rn by the way
good for you! stand your ground! sincerely, your
thank you, nice to meet you sir.
i read that to the tune of little things.
as you very well should have.
.; nyc blast shows no link to international terrorism.
i would say differ that it seems to be terrorist organization,
desperation maybe annihilation never, i am christian
whichisn'tfarfetched.
. chorus on "winona" is one of the best of the year. dude knows how to make actual songs. like echo through stadium songs.
. mentioned this on talking about big
i seemed to exist to serve as a warning to others...until college.
so called me little brown girl (and she said same to my sister) my brother was 5 years older. and had his own story
i do research and i stand by my conclusions.
i know i'm not going to change your mind, but , , and are all better options.
"women aren't funny" says the 27 year old who still giggles when someone says penis.
listen i'm reading in class &amp; the 19 year old behind me starts giggling &amp; whispering "omg this book says vagina" i was over it.
also wait what makes rings?
"you can't get the ring you wanted but here are a bunch of rings by less expensive jewelers, engraved with the same four shitty ads..."
who the fuck just drinks vinegar
fruit flies, apparently. put soap in it too, helps 'em drown faster.
. just went thru heavy storms - abt 20 lightning strikes, incl 1 in my yard...have a small hole int ground where it hit.
that's certainly more than enough excitement. house and appliances okay?
does many of his charitable works anonymously. he doesn't ask for a pat on the back for every penny he gives.
reporter tries to prove trump gives any $ to charity,calls 337 charities,fails.
shouldn't that be [raccoon whistles]? and they are a lovely pair... of pints
yes yes raccoon whistles *chitters seductively*
we went to to show (it's awesome, go!! he's only there for a couple more weeks) we saw him after!
we were going to go last night but kind of got stuck in the explosion that happened
i don't appreciate when my so called "friends" walk out on me and don't communicate like i go above and beyond 4 ur ass
alright i'm done sorry y'all i'm normally a very happy positive person but ya girl has finally got her feelings hurt lol
hotel parker meridien in nyc bringing back their $1000 omelet. it's now $1500, but it comes sprinkled with higgs boson particles.
fresh or frozen?
still racist and wrong i don't think it should be said on either side with either races, two steps forward 2 go to steps back
thanks and appreciate the feedback
thread young &amp; beautiful
"behind every exquisite thing that existed, there was something tragic."
happy birthday to my fav girl across the river!! hope you're killing it up there at your school! have a great day!
thank you so much!!! i'm doing well and hope you are too:)
on this one, the home planet. the planet that we all share with coolio.
... oh cool, you got momentified. you and coolio have achieved full synergy
when was the last time he made a play for y'all?
game winning play today lmfao. fail
my friend thinks the fans were justified in boo'ing casillas' entry last night. i humbly disagree. boo him after he blows it
not justified.their right to boo.just not justified.he's fragile.don't screw him up before he blows it.
did you bring any of them with you?
no i brought simple summer dresses, i have 1 with 3 thin straps on an otherwise open back and one that plunges down past bellybutton
i am so sorry. i will never understand such teachers.
well, i actually do. because you have to live in that era to understand why.
this space intentionally left blank?
lol. whole site is still a work in progress... i need to get on that
whats your favorite moment from this year's season so far?
pagenaud passing over the pit out blend line to win at long beach
the longer the hair the better!!
true. i am trying to grow my hair out actually
the country future is at stake. this is not the time to be nice. kellyanne lies on national media.
ok so let me re-word. kellyanne is a dumb liar that happens to be a blonde.....lol. she gets away w/ it
. mentioned this on talking about big
"whenever you heard big rhyme it sounded like it was inside the music, not laying on top of it." - on big
you forgot to capitalize my last name. its the first true game. they have been doing well so its the players fault
i get dumber talking to. you can't back up anything torts has done yet
that joke photo going around of lightning headphones plugged into an apple tv remote made me think how great it'd be you could do that
roku has that - you can plug headphones into remote - it's brilliant.
well, actually, in the fsm gospel it reads that fsm would really rather you did not waste your time building shrines to fsm
it's a manifestation! :)
still litmixing ciroc &amp; henny all fuckin night
thats a fact lmao i woke up still drunk
i need that app
it's called dress cast!! it's free
this is super sweet! my condolences
thx - died 1984; had car door open, radio blastin....promised him as yung child i would tell him......
i didn't see a single fight today
you must not have had the gall to quitely walk down a sidewalk in a cowboys jersey like i did
"comics were men--we were marginalized and we felt it" phoebe gloeckner
"well, julie doucet hung out with us, but i know she was annoyed by us." chester brown
me as a girlfriend
thats the cutest fucking thing i've ever seen, my heart just melted.
are rain boots appropriate yet
yea... if it's raining
i think a lot of people are using the term "neoliberal" wrong.
no, they're using it correctly since "new liberals" like hillary warmonger &amp; pursue corporatist policy like old conservatives.
titus in his "my neighbor totoro" outfit it still fits
lol awe too cute! this is my "mini me" in his outfit!
"can't put it all on kirk...coaching, playing, offense, defense, we all had our hand in that one." gruden live:
bullshit. he threw a pick from the five yard line. that's all him.
i don't think "iron-clad" means what you think it means.
1 please rt. my replies don't link to tw..
biggest challenge of is figuring out when you should sneak out for food bc programming is so tight!
been there done that! too hard to know what to miss. it's all so good.
this is a good thing
yes it is but i still can't believe it
well, i actually do. because you have to live in that era to understand why.
and this is why i talk about what is going on with historical perspective.
"whenever you heard big rhyme it sounded like it was inside the music, not laying on top of it." - on big
"the voice is a part of the music, not separate" - 's follow up. this is why wins. he makes great music/songs.
good news! there are hard drugs on today's "kennections" trivia puzzle.
first 100 in weeks! these are gettin tricky
so sick of coach gruden's fake happy demeanor after losses ... just be mad
just be a fan..we'll take you in
that's who i roll with, the dead ones. geary=secretary lodge of enlightenment/allsee'r
4th degreethepatrioticdegree
big fan of malcom. but in coverage he's going to get picked on. come on d. get it together men. be patient.
keep sending heeney down the middle also. great pressure
zeke elliott's two fumbles should not be overlooked
protect the ball rookie!
a shifting cuban vote could be the difference in florida this november.
someone tell us why hillary gets away with so much, anyone else would be convicted
true love is screaming across the apartment to your spouse, "are you living your best life?!?" and only being half-kidding.
wave a small purple umbrella, and your transformation will be complete.
"well, julie doucet hung out with us, but i know she was annoyed by us." chester brown
"i'm tired of being invited to 'women in comics' panels."
these ravis, the best flea-market find of the month.
those are the richard bock/world pacific releases, right? shankar performed at my school about that time. "festival" is tops!
after a gutting davis cup defeat there's only one thing for it...
ahhhh nutella!
why is daniel drunk @ 10:46pm... it's too early fam
went too hard too early
the only thing better than running into at angel olsen last night was the concert itself. was blown away by her voice n band
also blown away by how good those lady band members looked in those suits!!!
thread young &amp; beautiful
"i've never met anyone like you. you've restored my faith in humanity, curly. just by existing."
i'm so excited
same here omg what if we get his album in time for christmas
been reading for 22 years but piece on is the most norky propaganda i've ever read. alfred e newman would be shocked
the telling pp "qaddafi &amp; saddam were both killed after [us neo-con] interventions". gee, ben. i wonder why he'll never give up
shouldn't the 4:25pm rule only affect if your home team is playing opposed at that time? i'm in nyc and neither team is playing??
49ers/panthers should of remained on air in the nyc market.
jay gruden: "back to the drawing board. 0-2 at home. not how we planned it."
no, they planned on trying stupid fade routes that weren't even close to working
people were all around! they witnessed him her.she had both hers hands up!!!
couldn't even handle the needle program in his state either.
dad &amp; other family members brought friends to hear ann coulter in anchorage tonight - their shirts say it all
bet that was a bore.
. who you playing next week ? what are your hopes ?
houston on thursday; honestly i hoped for 2-2 before brady...anything on top of 2-0 is gravy.
so, what do the candidates' foundations do again?
created a drug market for profit. it's a total fraud. 13c for every $1... stop it!
ahoy der matey's!!!
wood hoo alice!
is it semester or quarter?
but since i'm in stem i have to have 45 others have like 30-35
i think a lot of people are using the term "neoliberal" wrong.
and her neo-liberal supporters are fine with that warmongering, corportatism, fracking &amp; other neoliberal policies.
yes, that is how stupid the trump campaign and right-wing media think the rest of america is.
on the pod you guys have pointed out the lack of campaign infrastructure/advertising on trumps part, but he doesn't seem to need it
i know y'all excited about this game
how much you got on them?
james &amp; paul think mich just said she was dan's relative, just for something to say. nic doesn't know why bb would cast 2 ppl from mi
omg does it really matter that much that they're both from michigan
happy birthday my mans
thanks bro
i am younger than you. born after woodstock.
yep. you are. you are born in the 70s right?
coming back over. need anything?
a smartwater and a gatorade
i dedicated today to doing homework and i just can't say that i want to
i am the exact same rn
happpy birthday guyssss, hope you all have a fabulous day!
thanks cheyenne!
re-colonizing the colonizer!
soccer. england's revenge.
the blue backless / frontless one?
yep that's the one, i think i did tweet pics of it before
i'll be at the show tonight! will you be stagedooring by any chance?
amazing! and yes i will, see you then xx
ahoy alice mi heartie
heaveho mac!
1 please rt. my replies don't link to tw..
2..sb or bug.
just saw dance the b.s. mambo w/ over who started birther scam. she's a kinder, gentler con artist
she's a deplorable, lying mercenary. trump bought her. question only she can answer: did he pay?
what teams are there that have good enough members for lucid that i can nab from
f/a has some lol
what the fucj
where did you find this
turns out the stabby, allah-ranting guy in minnesota was a somali. i was so sure this time it would be a norwegian.
clearly the somali community in cold northern cities is impacted by "seasonal affective disorder"
fyi: i am signing off twitter for a vacation - and don't forget to watch fox. they have many great journalists to bring you the news
when they bring back gabriel heater i'll believe the news.
if this fg is good, victor cruz has won both games this season with a big play late. choke on it doubters.
yeah where are those pussy doubters now? chewing down on crow
your a liar. if torts was a bad coach, he would not won the stanley cup back in tampa bay.
he had a good team that made him look good. he's screwed usa this year many other coaches who should be on the bench
before columbus sailed, schwaz produced 85% of the world's silver output, fueling the habsburgs' rise to power.
do the skeletons of generations of union organizers lie around that bend? or the logs of informants' reports?
probably won't be great until foglets arrive
agreed. which i imagine are more than 10 years out.
i went to a school that was rural and 99 percent white. where did you go to school?
massachusetts. (worcester) 1969 through grad school.
at least the browns didn't blow a 3-1 lead in the nba finals with the first ever unanimous mvp.
haven't heard that one before lol
gary is regardless
also who cares about football numbers? couldn't tell you a single one
my thing is .... how can you take a nigga serious with anything he say and he posting mad dick prints on ig ?
put that thumb ring on his balls??
october finna be a movie
that's a fact my glo day is next up
hope you're happy washington/cousins. i've got to hear skip's mouth all wk.
my deepest sympathies. wear some armor this week. he'll be unhappy tho with jimmy g going down. never heard of 3rd string qb
odell beckham jr. just out here clowning around
lol is so into it too!!!
what the fucj
i just read the replies i almost had a heart attack
\_()_/ but you get the damn point
that you a sped and we need grammar stickers on here asap
happy birthday hope it's a great one
thanks hadji!
windows 10: let's put a link to skype in the start menu. but let's not actually have skype *installed* for the people who click it.
the best thing about using windows for occasional gaming is remembering why i hate windows.
what now (@ starbread in newark, ca)
oh very limited supply of the cinnamon seorita bread. i got the last 7, though i'm sure they bake more throughout the day (i hope)
good. just making sure you were clear i had not lost my mind!!
lol your doing great is hrc that lost her mind.
tn is 3-0 for the first time since 2004, which just happens to be he last time they beat the gators.
yet butch is defeated vs us
i kinda dig the color green
i kinda dig it on you ;)
a phase approach to building caltrain dtx and 2nd transbay tube.
eeeenteresting.. i'd be a little sad to see 22nt go, but a 20th st pier 70 station makes sense. like the transbay alignment.
lmao how do they even enforce that like they watching you or something semester suuuuuuuucks bro
it's because of the programs im in, i had to make a time management sheet and they do watch us
many of us knew this. most people in your "business" are too lazy to research it.
q. where are the smoking gun links? a. there aren't any. it's just another bullshit red herring nobody believes
yes, that is how stupid the trump campaign and right-wing media think the rest of america is.
and that's because the 24 hour cable news channels give him so much coverage for free, why bother paying for advertising?
my mom has a fat lip (no idea why)- i swear it's not from me punching her out of excitement that is here.
did the matinee for you guys today! xx
yeah and sometimes that conflicts with presenting information in the most straight forward way
funny, we have the same problem w/start of a documentary. the beginning is always the first... and last... thing we work on.
think the giants have blown the bet though!
yeh complete opposite to last seasons game!
did u notice my new drone in the top left corner???
scary bunneeee!
what teams are there that have good enough members for lucid that i can nab from
f/a but i dont do headers... just creative work, ads, and apparel.
that's my first step usually. haha
whole game for me lol. especially when we are pitching
glad to hear that twitter was able to handle all the bra vs. ger memes because of java.
i'm not that happy..... fail that time would be good
well i mean i guess it's actually senior year
i took these
oh good. at least that's someone.
oh i can name like 3 other ppl who love you not including nova and chibs
there's a lot of crap like that. also every time you update they add edge back to the taskbar
somewhat unsurprisingly, i actually *use* and like edge. mainly because my purposes don't require an entire second os.
have you tried any of them yet? i have a feeling you're right, but i'm still so curious about manus etc.
tried two full body suits at siggraph. essentially just vibration pads on the hands. no where near close.
is she dressed appropriately for work?
work in a hospital they do say don't wear tight scrubs but that booty to glorious it's gonna show anyway lol
giants have the most annoying fanbase
that's what happens when u aren't used to winning
fbi investigating an uber car that went past the last night side of the vehicle is damaged
here's a more detailed photo of the damage
yes it's short for excellent cells.
i can hear them now!
very aggressive statement!
it's a tough sunday for me.
um... a hand-written letter, a portion of which is in arabic, found inside a plastic bag that held the second device
&amp;whatdotheydo,importthem&amp;fundtheirlargestbenefactoriran
holy mother. i just mocked a black guy in the hood. brb. getting raped or sth.
i was looking for someone and this guy goes like, 'you lookin for a tall black guy, big cock?' me: 'well, you'd know more about his cock.'
are you ready to get back into that destiny grind on tuesday ? i'm off all day!
oh i have that itch, and you bet im off that day too! destiny day is becoming one of my favorite days of the year.
new acquisition: "do you want more?!!!??!" by .
"the pwr of a wht world is threatened whenever a blk man refuses to accept the wht 's definitions." -
thread young &amp; beautiful
"i've never met anyone like you. you've restored my faith in humanity, curly. just by existing."
remember when someone tricked the whole fandom that the kid was called "conchobar"
the most iconic moment ever
hey pal!! lookin good!! arghhh!
arrgghh! bak at ya alice!
try building the software for it. and having it work in japanese.
there's even a word in japanese to describe how western software borks japanese: mojibake
and then after installing it the cities saved on the app would be restored? is it possible to back up all the information?
yes, enable icloud city sync in the edit cities section. it will back up cities.
i was born very shortly after woodstock.
i was born in 1964.
. yep. no power loss, very slight brown out, but only problem is that goes out every freakin' time there's thunder.
optimum is the same way when the wind blows here, which is obviously a lot.
he's hanging with a super bowl team
is he hanging in there now?
he did not screw the other coaches. he did not volunteer for the job. he was offered the job. get your facts right.
can you read? i said he screwed usa and that there should be a different coach on the bench
go eat your tres leche ( black, white and hispanic semen ) cake fam
so specific that i'm positive you did that this weekend. almost as positive as your last std tests
naah i think he's going to wait the end of the tour..
maybe but who knows though or he'll just wait till somewhere in 2017
it's going to be a long season...
god, for every great play we make gabbert throws us 9 awful decisions
. says he wants to ruin the two-party monopoly: "they are dinosaurs and i think we're the comet"
we could have8 parties &amp; our politicians would be equally corrupt.corruption has so long gone unchecked&amp;here2stay
so why didn't police just shoot them? that was a riot.
one man's riot is another's "legitimate protest against police brutality!" hmm.
love this... wishing you a cool and relaxing day
same to you, great weekend!!
if form holds- cle will fire it's offensive coordinator soon bc that's what certain teams do (buf). get jags &amp; oak next. pattern?
be nice, mark. it's bad enough up here. don't pile on. i do love the o's, remember.
minnesota mall stabber named but police are unsure of motive.
"no known ties to organization that would further political narratives leaves govt officials baffled as to the cause..."
final: the are 2-0!
no miracle comeback this week for kc. look like winner for winning away denver ' s qb.
omg. i *love* this
thanks lol. i knew i kept it - and a pic of this page on my phone - for some cosmic reason.
my boyfriend really knows how to compliment me
megan you're caucasian
puke button: car goes to base for cleaning. and surely we can innovate on better adjustable car seats?
i think car seat regulations are the problem. no one wants to risk kids if reg change are made
"ask not what i did for black voters but ask black voters what they can do for me"
great line!!!! very impressed!
brickwood. shitty service, rude bartenders.
was it the big dude with the glasses?
legitimate question to sanders supporters who have aligned with johnson: why?
like, if you legalizing most drugs is your major societal and political concern, cool. but if you want universal health care: he doesn't.
stuff like that. :)
thank you!!!
haptic feedback is in development for more than 15 years now. i'm sure we will be able to trick the brain
we will at some point. i just don't see it in the next 10 years.
used to it? never. but surprised? also never.
perfect way to put it
im from oakland dork. i know and i know raiders fans thats honest hate that shit
what they gonna do, move to vegas? pshh
*grabs keys* i'm on me way!
*chases afta ted to retreeb keys*
21. ichiro, nomar, seitzer the last three. (thank you, play index.)
my trove of kevin seitzer rookie cards should put me on the forbes 500 list any day now...
he's a racehorse...he comes to play every race. he made sure he put his nose 1st. congrats to ray
thank you sir! big team effort and oj came to run
you put us all to shame.
thanks! ...just sharing what i see.
that mit tacticle table is pretty interesting, could see that + omnidirectional treadmill for dynamic landscape, even short walls
it's a great idea conceptually
hey guys! i'm in town really quick for the social good summit. would love to meet you in person!
i'm to for photokina today. but is in town! i'll have to catch you on the next visit!
and a 2nd new moon in september! hopefully the libra influence will help.
can't wait
watching ' twitter feed on sunday is far more entertaining than actually watching a niners game lol.
my feet hurt and i've just been sitting here in a wheelchair all day. freakin dude
beyond all the ick, eating penne usually makes me sleepy and bloated
yeah; a ton of garlic and shallots and heavy cream = tv and sleep city
sounds like they should've won
wonder impact of losing hue jackson. oline run &amp; pass blocking poor 1st 2wks. no running game at all. dalton lots of pressure
return home score touchdown swing for the fences win the game alfred morris gets last laugh. video: t
he's still a traitor
i guess then it is the public who is dumb &amp; the media for not calling her lies!
kellyanne spews lies so convincing in front of millions of viewers, if you don't push back, it's 2 late
they're haters
tbh i think i might be coming in october i wanted to see if you'd be down lmao
which "goals" do you specifically see her advancing?
lgbt &amp; disability issues, healthcare, repro rights, gun laws, voting rights, paid leave, climate to a degree.
ah! 3rd party twitter apps always do the coolest stuff
yeah, i'm always a little torn b/c it's like "this is awesome! ...for the small % of folks who can use it."
i had the pleasure of meeting and spending time with 514 amw captescalante
wow! thank you, captain.
intelligence surge means increased surveillance &amp; censorship. think she will stop at suspected terrorists?
silicon valley high tech companies and why the dnc's supremacy is crucial to them
we could tho
i'm pretty sure, constitutionally, we need a president (and congresspeople, etc.)
hes working on an app not an album
an album too
kudos to the giants for squeezing out a win while also murdering millions of gamblers and fantasy players. so hard to do and they did it.
i have odell and eli, dad had the giants 10x. happy family
except the whole ntsb part is bullshit, eastwood's politics inventing gummint bad guys. did not happen that way.
ntsb personal portrayals may have been dramatized but sully insisted on changing names for that reason. how they sim'd was accurate
last week i saw nothing but niner fans on my tl this week tho....
i'm still on twitter..
apple picking day! what's your favorite apple product? looking for some ideas...
home made applesauce
it's with a heavy heart that we confirm that we're closing our sydney campus at the end of 2016. more info is here:
this is terribly sad to hear :(
sam u know u have a standing invitation to my entire life
let's have a kiki
eeeenteresting.. i'd be a little sad to see 22nt go, but a 20th st pier 70 station makes sense. like the transbay alignment.
on the other hand i know that thru-running is best, but i'm not sure it works here though..
the mtg media landscape was very different 4 years ago. the goals we had with the series need shifting imo
are you guys doing something else? gonna miss you guys if not.
and jax too... nearly forgot.
on jax as well. opening drive not good for us
can you use proper grammar. you are saying there should be different coaches on the bench. usa choose torts.
thanks i thought canada chose him. i'm saying i personally think someone else should be coaching.
who needs
cute. i've had a very productive day vomiting while people were viewing my apartment
his mercy endures forever...hope you are well jose!!
i am very well my friend , rachel !
watching wheelchair rugby gold medal match right now! go usa! so intense... don't know how they do it!
# great game too!
ay what about me
im on right now join discord boys btw everyone is welcomed
lgbt &amp; disability issues, healthcare, repro rights, gun laws, voting rights, paid leave, climate to a degree.
i weigh that against the damage a gop pres would do and against the ineffectuality of a green w/o a congress.
when you've ridden 150 miles in the heat and get to yr lunch spot as the soccer team is ordering. one and done, on to the next option.
but i'm in hopland.
this is depressing af!!!!
you know i love me some emo movies
it was nice to meet you at !
great to meet you too manan. must stay in touch
me hanging with in sf
i wasn't invited til like 3 minutes before everyone left lol
will probably get the ysa pushback from mls. would rather not repeat past battles. have fun.
make tv friendly &amp; good to go.
yeah i think that too..
yeah he wanted the purpose album to be perfect so he had to put effort into it
lookin like the 2012-13 ravens out there u heard
when y'all missed the field goal?
steelers played better, also got all the breaks from the refs.
it's about time we got a few from ref's.
i do feel an increase need to become a better cook after reading that.
i will send you a recipe for actually good vodka sauce; it is easy
lebron james is on the sideline for the rams opener in los angeles.
why isn't he in cle?
thread of memorable things that happened to me
when i added michael on snapchat and he saw my friend request and declined me
if bernie wanted a third party pres candidate, he'd be one. he ran in dem primary, instead.
hrc will sign which trumps scotus, so no benefit.
how is this comment from . castellanos any diff from trump comrades that pbo is "otherness". pls tell?
otherness? you blond dyed spray tanned faggot pendejo?
how do you know. i only heard an app
well a belieber said he was working on an album also
kurt cobain was frank about being the bullied kid in school. so were other alt rockers.
here is the deal. as a woman of color? i don't have much sympathy for this. and i get sick of hearing this. you guys have no idea
is there space to extend the tunnel beyond tbt as depicted? there's a skyscraper in the way, no?
yes, 20 story towers block all rail paths east of transbay center. wd have to buy or tear down &amp; allow talker dev
im a) crying b ) cryign i s
i dont even know what dussendly came over me i just suddenly remembered this
idk if it's just me but obj isn't the same.. he's ode lazy now, minus all the easy dropped passes
we'll see next week when he play norman
well, that was wild. i had a dream i was in control of the enterprise and that i could increase the warp factor by thinking gayer thoughts.
from what has said, i'm pretty sure this dream is canon in sonic
how this is even a question is crazy to me rg
read the story
now playing: - rain dance. listen live at
the princess of brooklyn
i need that to get better so hill can be good
broncos coming to cincy next week. big test. kinda expected to lose at pitt, but need to win next 2 at home. den &amp; tenn
could we please replace megyn kelly with laura ingraham
never good fit on fox; better cnn or msnbc better for fox. but careful, she's smart, too.
isn't this an old pic though?
yes, it's a picture from last years emmys!
look, there are cows
maybe this could be charlottes?
can't relate. i still get asked if my id is fake
it's probably just bc this club wasn't super strict?? idk it was kinda disappointing tbh
but the giants still won the game though. sure it was sloppy but least they manage to win the game even with 3 turnovers
: exactly idk how they did it but luck is on their side like nationwide. lol.
the telling pp "qaddafi &amp; saddam were both killed after [us neo-con] interventions". gee, ben. i wonder why he'll never give up
the truth about our endless bloodletting is that everyone knows 'uprisings' are mercs &amp; qaeda fronts for *stop lying*
i'm at the 88 degree part
thoughts and prayers
enjoyed cheering the on to a great win this afternoon!
name one player on either team
you're not on twitter you're on twitter
funny guy. and when ravens win they don't trend like the niners
ludicrous. redskins didn't offer him a contract. was he supposed to retire or pursue his best option in free agency?
go somewhere else or be dead to me
on a scale of 1 to 10 how much do you like survey questions that use a scale of 1 to 10?
i prefer survey questions where i can answer a perfect 5/7
somebody left keys to the ark of the covenant at my house,i woke up pope last month
'msureheappreciatedthat.
can't tell if this weekend was shitty or fun as hell
fun as hell
trying to figure out whether to switch myself.
i just made the switch from 6s to 7+. it's great. the bigger size was a pretty easy adjustment.
man i bet ur ass stays on sc.. u had me taking pics of nothin for the filter while u drove i was done
everyone does that my guy, it's called "geocatching"
we're so gullible lmao why would justin already work on an album if he's on tour
wait so someone made it up
watching an hero vs ian rotten match from 2002 and "meth lab battlarts" is the best description ever for matches like this.
someone listened to the pod this week
i need that to get better so hill can be good
dak &amp; elliott looked good today. cousins played like garbage. did last week too
the black shorts !!!
they always find there way back to me
not mine. i passed it on because i thought you might like it.
i know..saw it &amp; found it amusing. amazed that we don't agree on anything yet are cordial??
local library sale: couple gets to graphic novel shelf before me, pull all the books off the shelf &amp; then start sorting though them.
ugh, fuck those people
kmon my nigga this look like the field at ics we played football on
i was just about to say that shit looks like "the other side" at ics
near miss in last night:
well writtten!
i'm still waiting for msm to bring this date up did i forget anyone?
maybe they figure it's a perfect october surprise?
thread young &amp; beautiful
"so don't you dare tell him that he has nothing. not when he's everything."
block omg ... another hillbot paid with $$ from celeb fundraisers
"deplorable basket"politically incorrect, but true.embarrasses usa.wish it wasn't true. unfortunately is true
bro that's some buuuulllcrap, i always feel like those times are off because it takes me only like 15 hours a week
yeah i definitely don't think ill be doing 45 hours lmao not even close
okay. i will stop. sorry. i was getting carried away. you are right.
right?? this is why women of color get so angry. because you guys (younger) and don't live it? talk over us.
oh god i'd forgotten that's a real thing that y'all say
it's a much better school now than when i was there but hey that's good for me
so, what would constitute a good life? jim rohn has a short list.
things they don't teach in school. read the article and spend your life applying the principles...now you know the secret
so did ut get punished for losing on a bad missed call on the dropped ball otw to end zone by cal?
hard to have much sympathy for the longhorns plight.
for the second straight sunday, the ravens and orioles team up to send baltimoreans into work happy on monday.
still concerned about some of buck's moves lately.
keep 'em coming.
congrats on your hysterectomy!
the birther movement led by donald trump was nothing less than racism. plain and simple.
the clintons started it.
so, what do the candidates' foundations do again?
hillary, bill &amp; chelsea gives a very small % 2 cause, keeps billions of $ 4 themselves. they r thieves!
and that's where you are wrong. what coach do you want?
bylsma or sutter. how many times has torts been fired?
muslim who knifed 8 people in name of islam at mn mall: favorite book was the koran. surprised?
what's it like being the stupidest human being on the planet? i know you call us name callers but what if the shoe fits?
i mean, could've also been a test. apply if you find the job description!
lolol. yes, being a pro at the internet is def a job requirement
okay. i will stop. sorry. i was getting carried away. you are right.
and it is infuriating. you have no idea. no idea at all. and you need to stop. and listen to us. yet you do not.
the are still crying in their beer &amp; gonna throw away their votes on stien who has no chance in hell!
hillary dropping out? you gop plants go fuck yourselves.
anonymous tumblr post claims responsibility... hours after bombing...
"some of the tumblr's earliest traffic came from 4chan, where users began linking to it early sunday morning."
listen, i know you wanna share your cute relationship text messages, but literally nothing is less romantic to me than a typo
unless they are foreign
i've been wanting to go to a game!!
dude come down here either tomorrow/tuesday/wednesday night and let's goooo
not yet but soon
ayeee who u finna try
congrats, jules! get that arm ready - we might need you at qb!
i didn't see the game but i heard jimmy was hurt. how did the rookie look?
i'm drinking a 13% beer right now and it's hitting me so hard
how. who r u
how do u live with yourself spouting lie aftr lie !!!
is one horrible person. there is not a factual being in her body.
i don't go to football/hockey games, but i can't imagine they are so sterile
soccer is somewhat unique w/ ss chants.
bully: loser boy: wait til the wolves come bully: ur just the boy who cries wolf boy: '
i still think this should be made into a comic somehow
bless for being my calming voice of reason when im stressed to shit.the raddest dude.
that bfasmr tho
the earth was flooded for 40 days! in the last 40 days of this election "god will poor out his spirit, that his people may choose godliness"
so your saying someone other than the ones running will be president?
i work w the lapd- i have mad respect for cops. but racist policing is racist policing and murder is murder. it's real and it has to stop.
. i respect cops, too. the largest police union supporting trump is very disturbing to me, though.
clinton hill. fulton.
i lived right there for three weeks above a funeral home on dekalb. try bedford hill. xx
.; nyc blast shows no link to international terrorism.
seriously???
link with me and sunshine we gon be around 16th and mission
me and jen in dat thing!!
jokes aside, think for a minute what it would be like to have a president incapable of apologizing or admitting fault.
we imagine it &amp; weep his supporters imagine it, beat their chests &amp; say, "fuck yeah! never back down!"
clinton: three 'apparent terrorist attacks' should 'steel our resolve'
done by the banksters&amp;the resolve already there"john"so why won't our press report truth for us we care about,enuf obfuscation
i dont even know what dussendly came over me i just suddenly remembered this
wwhaht theuf efuc k
read the story
you seem to say that a lot.
so were the giants
but the giants are learning their lesson from last season.by finishing games with the lead
scared to even look at those acronym x presto's
lowest i've seen on grailed is $275
little bonus for you... completely underrated and gorgeous tune:
rufus gets a fair measure of shit for being "commercial," and fuck that.
today in oakland. tied a tie for an older man at a bus stop. he was smoking. lady next to me yelled at him for smoking at bus stop. oops.
took bus to barber. got hair cut. listened to stories from guy out of prison after 10 years: best was about sf ironworkers driving jettas.
it is september 18th. september.
it's so cute though
lmao you spitting bars now? since when you became a battle rapper on twitter xd
: since my bum ass pats can't play defense. i'm super annoyed we gave up 24 points to the dolphins at home.
cousins was horrible. really gave game away. dak looks good. zeke needs to stop fumbling.
that int in end zone was so bad. only got to see game when gals were in commercial. didn't see zeke fumble
but i have nothing against frankie
well somebody has to teach him that life is unfair
moving to sf has really solidified for me that i'm a certified piece of la trash
if i can't wear cutoff shorts at least 3 times a week i might as well be a boring heterosexual??? how do these norcal queers do it??
he gonna fuck around &amp; get disqualified next week watch
i can see that happening, truthfully idk why norman overrated to me
hmm wednesday night could work cause i don't work thursdays!
omg do it!!! tickets are so cheap and i live so close! text meeee
hahahahahha now i see what you did there!!! i wasnt sure... either!
, i keep forgetting multi-tw replies don't carry the punch. needed a .
we had some real white trash running country. i remember hearing how they threw trash on floor instead of cans.
yep, hrc expects others to clean up after her at every level.
i think boyd was down. but the league has been consistent on plays when they don't get a clear look, they're staying with the ruling.
looks obvious not clear - no wonder goodell pushed you
uninformed- no. has been scrutinized 4 a year by msm &amp; found nothing.she's hiding things
found nothing!!!! have you read politifact, the recent newsweek article.
you are correct there.
i know i am correct. this is my problem though. white women talk over us all the time and pretend to know.
i loved your site overall-- thats why i was combing through
i have a ton of content to write for it. quite the undertaking. perhaps i'll work on it today
of course not, facts mean nothing to the sheeple, ur a troglodyte, block me or i'll embarrass ur ass
ur an ill informed stooge, if it wasn't for msnbc, u couldn't regurgitate a salient idea, be gone troll or i'll bitch slap u
phone dry, so thirsty, send help.
put it in water and then rice it
glad to let you know the app reinstalled is now working properly. thanks for the support
great. i'll look into why that happens..
hrc will bring more . worse than what bho has created during his 2 terms
do you have a link to this data source? if you do, can you share it? thanks =)
hey tyler, i've subscribed to your react program (which is awesome!) but i did not get the invite for the slack team.
oh no. dm me your email and when i get back to my comp layer today i'll send it.
i have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. i do not want donald trump to be their president.
remember when hill implied they weren't really your kids and grandkids? how can you campaign for that beast?
hey, jim! it looks like you ordered "the norton field guide to writing with readings" as an ebook. follow+dm for some options!
thats correct. can i change that to a hardcover?
awesome!!! thanks
just tuned in! who's got a concussion?
thanks for the kind words and for watching! we still have the live stream, you know.
will catch the live stream when i can. back to watching mark curtis and the gang. :)
you are insane. my uncles killed nazis, i was on the front line in the cold war.
american patriot
change shit to something else and i doubt it will be a problem.
just leave it out
when u try to be nice to a queen&amp;ask where they perform&amp;they act like they think they're better than u when all u wanna do is support them
spill the t
"they still don't make it easy, game shouldn't have been close, but i'll take it." text
my 's - "they never make it easy, but a win is a win"
you are correct there.
and i lived a life 5 years older than you. as a brown girl and immigrant daughter. that you do not know.
i tried them at bills game in 30 degree weather. still froze.
why must all of you do this to me?! this isn't ok.
go subscribe to my channel and and subscribe for more great contnt. 150 likes and ill will eat a ghost chili pepper.
150 likes on latest video and i will eat a ghost chili pepper.
watch rachel maddow tear trump apart for validating white supremacists
if only had re 's criminality + corruption on behalf of better candidate but no.
i was hearing from spirits a bomb n saw a vision of ny..i've had visions now of a stadium with part of it on fire hope not gonna come true 2
that's amazing... are you also a medium? the stadiums don't really have a visible counterterrorism presence. i hope i'm wrong
trump is not proficient in or capable of racism, due to inadequate activism as a young man. sad.
donald trump is neither proficient in nor capable of racism, due to inadequate activism as a young man. sad.
live on : showing u what i'm doing today in the studio
someone told me that i need an invite for periscope? is that true?
who's salty?
ppl can't follow simple instructions bro. my word is my word, why the fuck they feel entitled to make "offers"? idgaf
you are correct there.
yet everyone talks over me. and it is so so tedious.
you'll circle back as soon as mgmt gives you the green light
gotta love that bcc
he's my poster boy
he's from new york, of course, just like me.
uninformed- no. has been scrutinized 4 a year by msm &amp; found nothing.she's hiding things
have you read any articles on trump u. , the workers he has not paid.
"if you care about our legacy, realize everything we stand for is at stake...our progress is on the ballot.."-
hey asshole you have no legacy still pushing the tpp.
by the way last year's hajj incident was us. the list goes on and on!
&amp; weknowhehelpedthecreationof isis
clinton: three 'apparent terrorist attacks' should 'steel our resolve'
i'll start 4 ur addled shi*. nypd in coordination w/cia/banks lit incendiary device in dumpsters&amp;turnpike so ppl get who'sboss
right in the saints guy hands lol
knock the ball down at least. smh...
bylsma is a awful coach. how well did buffalo do? bad. sutter can't because he is busy working on farming.
buffalo is rebuilding . both are more qualified then torts
fumbled twice in the fourth. lost one. benched after the second.
i saw morris scored that last td. didn't know cuz zeke was benched
i'm working on a site tracking all lies. be in the lookout next weekend!
can't wait for it! if anyone can nail him on the lies it's you joy!!!
when it rains, it pours
the wizards losers are just stupid. melo is a local kid so he's the real asshole
new checklist win: good start: miley 4ip,0r hrs: machado &amp; trumbo strong relief: hart, givens, brach, britton 4 ip, 0r
stubbs for kim? head scratcher.
text sc article 10 co-authors video
thank you!!! this is an interesting paper. please inform me of any future finds in your search! peace
when u forgot the headphone adapter at home for your iphone 7 kms. terrible 2007 pop music it is
first world problems
hey all, i've got something to tell you. on tues, episode of walking the planes will go live. it will be the last episode of the show.
what?! nooooooo.
now i want to come back for the basketball game
weather will be just a little bit different in december
when the whole squad is vibing your wavelength.
lizzie's face kills me in this lmao she's so into it
ooooooh!! thanks for the recco, chas! hey chelsea! hey girl hey!!
heyyyy thanks for following!
you thought and i live tweeting was fun? wait til it's from the same couch
we may just need to facebook live this
i am still amazed kaepernick could take alex smith's job but can't take blaine gabbert's.
so many different variables &amp; guys do get better/get worse/go through tough times - lots of reasons tbh
that was 2011-12 mussy
not my team so idc everyone in that team can eat 3 bowls of dicks
is def my new sth partner this year lol
i have to that's the side of the ice ryan gets ready on lol
she was concerned for her daughter. second photo is her reaction when she figured out they meant a different chelsea.
she doesn't look good!!!! no matter what was the reason
sorry wasn't watching, but any good catches by odell?
odell had some solid catches. rook shepard caught 8 for 117 yards. gonna be star. odell 86 yards, cruz 91. best wr crew in nfl
you big stinker ahhhhhh ahhhhhh ahhhhhh
actually lold imagining
wait lily do you know who i am because i will be sad if you don't
im stressed out
uninformed- no. has been scrutinized 4 a year by msm &amp; found nothing.she's hiding things
please tell me where you get your info?
lmaooooooo i still haven't lost a single follower and you're followers are even questioning you
stop harassing everyone she knows
read this, &amp; realize someone's playing you for a fool.
if you think trump shd be in charge of anything, let alone our country, there is no reason to try an intellectual discussion!
what were the demographics of your school?
mostly white. worcester was one of the whitest cities back in the day. why are you asking?
they buggin out dude
so disrespectful lmao
he's a niners coach now.
drag giovanni carmazzi off the goat farm
i was literally pissed tf off until i watched video even though i've watched it about 100 times
wow thank you! glad my videos could help out
obama's father was a muslim. jay charged with preventing terror attacks mainly from muslims. paid dnc $500k for job?
this is ok, right? right?
i ain't a bucs fan so i'll be pulling for az too
you can be part of the
- is the only honest &amp; experienced candidate. ignored them.
voting for gary is the same as voting for trump who acts like a five year old
tru!! but at the end of the day their gonna be there forever.
exactly! always have to be the bigger person
just saw dance the b.s. mambo w/ over who started birther scam. she's a kinder, gentler con artist
i watched he on and was amazed with her lying skills-with a sweet smile
he's a pathetic child in a big fat man's body. to think what the children's minds are like he wants them to run america
well his jr. did shoot an endangered elephant and cut it's tail off as a trophy. does that tell you anything?
follow the money
so, i've got to do the research for you to prove your assertion? got it.
those assumption that oregon could not stop a 3 yard run was nebraska game plan. but fire helf right?
yeah. it's a fact he decided the game on those calls. and yeah he's a terrible coach, never should have been hired
my wife set her schedule so she could come home early and watch the vikings game tonight. i'm going to have to live tweet this, aren't i?
yes. yes you are. please and thank you.
well i guess i need to study on a sunday afternoon
sick for weeks and school is about to kill me
today in oakland. tied a tie for an older man at a bus stop. he was smoking. lady next to me yelled at him for smoking at bus stop. oops.
went next store after to buy art. found a nice piece. handed money to artist and thanked her. she didn't make it.
what did your parents do for a living?
why are you asking me this? my dad was a civil engineering professor because back then? color immigrants had to prove worth
come through smoke eaters right now and we'll drink a gallon
already at red robin sir
watch empsillnes - an award winning animated deep space saga
thx for this!
extremely by
. this amused me so much i almost emerged from my malaise. one more downer: pasta makes you fat. :)
clinton: three 'apparent terrorist attacks' should 'steel our resolve'
100% comical crap trump won their union support yest&amp;they need their 100k paychecks
we've got 51 days left to win this thing. make sure you're ready:
potus is a mix president. mom was white&amp;she raised him dad was black&amp;he left both of them.white people raised him he is more white
weddings are better when your date is on point!
mary is bae. always.
everyone is so eager to jump on trump for every single thing, they go after him for stupid stuff that blunts other important criticism
i believe in jumping on him for every stupid thing he says. perhaps you could tell me what would be left.
so proud of &amp; the last hope for our country. if wins, she'll sell us out
'snotevenintheoffice&amp;stillhasahandinsellingusout
this cover with and brought me to tears.
love/miss you!
whoa this is rad! adding this to the hit list
definitely! i hope you're better prepared than we were though. 20 miles is a looong way.
it's football season
oh my sweet baby jesus
thanks to , , &amp; for spending time with &amp; today on !
how 'bout dem ?
i love it. i'll be back tonight fam! take pictures and videos of twitter screwing around exposed.
ooohhh! what's going on? do tell!
he will not win! i am basing my opinion on his worshippers, there are not enough people like them to win.
god i hope so. if there is this is not the america i thought i lived in
preordered forza horzian 3 looks like a good game
i might be pre-ordering it too, still thinking about it
cristen's b-day vid! thx , , , , , (1/2)
i am curious, that's all.
you need to check your privilege
plays kelly clarkson dark side
and looks good while doing it :/)
i think by virtue of choosing to attend wesleyan probably already share my thinking instinctively.
u arent wrong !!
why did i dead ass just say "i'm so excited for kate's nose" pls help me
same though
now answer my question how was mary when she conceived jesus your god
virgin birth that does not excuse islam.
i dont get 1/10 of my notifications.. i bet people think im rude as fuck
, many have quality filter on.
yes im dumb
she'll probably still wear a black dress lmao
i was asking, that's all. sorry.
good grief. this is crazy.
you could be on tv 24/7 i'd sit here and watch you!
me too. joy is fantastic. love when she says "can't change the facts".
will also throw in a kidney for floor seats
exactly, that's why we were born with 2
trump, the welfare king - he has received government welfare equivalent to 100,000 low-income welfare recipients:
lol. if you inherit $ and political gifts, more like "welfare baby"
new one is crazy.
thank you fam!
fbi investigating an uber car that went past the last night side of the vehicle is damaged
just to clarify, they're investigating the damage to the car, right? they don't think the uber driver is a suspect or anything?
should not be a problem as long as she isn't a senator. gaa hate senators .
was wondering if anyone was going to chime in on that!!
the lgbt community when they find out gaga is performing at the superbowl
i absolutely love this gif! never knew where it was from cus i only ever saw this
... thank you so much for allowing us to be ourselves... to the fans "family"...
thanks for another great album.
ya boy wes welker tailgated at the patriots game wearing this creepily realistic tom brady mask.
hahaha that's amazing. also, that game was so stressful. i didn't even know who jacoby was!
problem is that canelo can't fight guys like lara/trout as they fight him evenly. he needs walk forward guys to keep winning!
who walks forward more than triple g?
these are really, really bad people who make the world a significantly worse and more paranoid place.
is this crazy ass jones again?
sad ! it would seem you need more glasses ! i posted from the book of bukhari
bukhari shows they had sex when she had 9, busted.
ok. so, google should purge any blogs that haven't been used in years. none of the names i've come up with are available b/c of dead blogs.
same for twitter!
i was asking, that's all. sorry.
you have said so many crazy things and yet you want to present progressive?
i am driving souls to the polls. my goal is 20 seniors. i would love to think i helped make 21 votes possible
i was in nv yesterday and i'm heading to my phone bank now. nv is truly a battleground. lots of noncitizens, felons, trumpers.
is this a set of fake books with flasks inside?
i cut out the real books and put volumes of maison ikkoku inside
fuck them niggas
i hear the bitterness
today in oakland. tied a tie for an older man at a bus stop. he was smoking. lady next to me yelled at him for smoking at bus stop. oops.
went to gluten free bakery next to freeway. ate pizza. ordered ride home. ride drove everywhere but to me. went to bus stop. took 5 minutes.
get gruden and barry the hell outta here...kirk cousins gotta be out the door with him
let's goooooooo lmao
hillary is not fit st. cloud and only proves the media and establishment want you ignorant.
john kerry asked the media to stop reporting terrorist attacks. this is the result
and do you watch the series ?
which, "the flash"? i do. the main actor is very likable. i also like cisco.
idk why im so in love with her nose it's just so precious and we get to see it today wow
it's a super cute nose
"vote shaming" is a campaign strategy.. yay democracy!
so basically we've become a society with a "shaming" for every topic. not even sure how we're still living, as a species
where has the time gone
idk but at least it's dinner time!
sorry brotha! i pick at complete random its the only fair way! keep playing
i know... almost time for football.
we'd be happy to help with any apple related inquiry. feel free to describe whatever challenge you are facing.
finally you fucking respond. why does wifi not stay connected on ios10 ? seems like if its not 3 bars it drops the connection
wait. i lied. the weirdest thing in my bedroom currently: me. but the star wars pez dispensers are a close 2nd.
i just want to know if you ate the candy.
tj rivera walk up. can't think of a better walk up. video was shot in shea stadium
i was thinking yesterday, thats a great song
due to 2 trains running local &amp; terminating at 96 st causing longer dwell times can cause delays in uptown service. ^jg
k but 10 min at each station isn't reasonable. also despite the 3 not running/ 2 terminating at 96, 1 is still 10 min apart
'more persecuted'. a genuine thing she actually just said
british comedy is sometimes hard for americans like me to appreciate.
they staying calling flags on us
it was a false start tho lol
just landed in new jersey. so happy to be home.
yayyy! get some rest!!!
i'm lil late but i be old... &amp; entire team
(belated) entire team
i left a horrible job 2 years ago &amp; still n'mare about it. i've had more dreams re that job than all other jobs combined.
awful. glad i'm not the only one though.
this is amazing
thank you so much
? the new lights on junction place are led.
yeah, i think the the city owns those, because they're new. xcel owns all the old ones almost everywhere else.
because let me be clear if and when someone abuses my beloved holy master muhammad ( sa) i will finish you
screw you, screw mohammad, and screw your allah. i am in ny. your move muslim.
i appreciate the guy that helped me up when i fell and got cut up on the gravel and the helped me find caitlin after
chillll i got down and wiped it with my shirt. now i have ur disease 5ever
well that sucks.
i haven't been able to put in the work. nagging injuries along with work and family ... reset and refocus i will!
we also like to say "god damn this blasted foot ball program" but no one reports on that
plus we produced jay cutler name one semi successful qb that has ever come from ole miss..... ......
me and bouta be so lit at this giants-skins game next week!!!!!
hell yea we boutta be 3-0 in hype
watching nfl redzone
already cried earlier when he hurt his hamstring
big fan of the d&amp;d podcast. just wondering, what's your job?
i work it for a medical college
how do you overthrow the end zone on a hail mary?
the whole team is terrible. no one in that organization knows what they're doing
because let me be clear if and when someone abuses my beloved holy master muhammad ( sa) i will finish you
frightening. when you coming to shut me up ahmadi asshole?
trump's contempt for the media: he's "telling people to hate us as a body, as an institution," says
maybe do not spin so many news cycles with bogus "break news" and glance over all the corruption.
is this correct or???
definitely correct. hot as shit outside
trumbo almost breaks my hand and then breaks a tie. coincidence? yes.
tell him he cured my abdominal cramps.
pretty sure i have written at least 5 iterations of my uchicago choice essay
it's not easy being green. explain.
yes, i've read the agreement. we're in a drought.
to me looks improbable sf could use water to force other cities to build housing, but i'd like to see analyses
public service announcement: the project panama vector api is completely different from java.util.vector. thank you.
thanks, but i'm waiting for project arraylist in jdk 11.
people of every color are voting for trump because, idk, maybe they don't want to get allah fucking akbar stabbed while shopping for jeans
less of the "fucking" please. words matter!
"i love to see u naked over there, especially from the back." it seems leonard cohen would appreciate escort-twitter
hotness! i have this piece in red!
a hat and a t-shirt?!?
right??!!! i was vip as fuck i'm tellin' ya. maybe it was a precognition... (pls cause i want that t-shirt)
he sure did. and nj has been suffering ever since. he doesn't give a damn about his day job as governor.
well ass-kissing is his full time job now.
wwii prisoner of war responds to donald trump in powerful hillary clinton video # via
i wince that veterans like him have to see the american bund reconstituted by trump
clarification: trump aide says "clinton campaign" started "birther" movement
she lies did hillary clinton start the obama birther movement? via
a great planet reality piece. "what san francisco says about america," via
to make things even better, oracle is holding their annual conference this week! i know that's your favorite time to visit sf...
maybe the browns can move to st. louis...
i'd take it. i'm ready
get used to it
it's going to take some time but i got faith in them
tip war with on tuesday! prepare your dicks and wallets and come to my side! i have cookies!
this is one of those times it's so hard to pick... eeny meeny mynie mo...
okay, i did not mean to be inappropriate and i apologize.
the thing is? you post about people who say things you do but in more obnoxious ways. what you said was awful.
it's not too high though, is it? ugh, so expensive but so pretty.
i just dont do stilettos, period. lifes too short/live in a walking city/no car/uncomfortable lol too old for that
is cruvee dead? can't update wines. qr codes also no go. help please.
just sent you a dm. unfortunately cruvee/vintank are gone. hopefully the latter will return but the wine db never will.
..., , satchel, , , , and . you all helped make this happen!
1200 lined up on the street with huge overflow. take that.
i'll add it to the 1200 across all 50 states
this game is agonizing. my only solace is that jenkins is a gator.
go big blue
22. hiatus kaiyote-molasses (by far the smoothest song on this thread imo)
*2nd smoothest
muslims could literally invade studios and behead a dozen people on live tv and we'd still be lectured about jumping to conclusions.
i was just checking who u r because it is the only sensible tweet/thing from weiner!!! :)
my best friend you better work bitch
built like a beluga but still stuntin on all these bitches
i headed home just a bit ago - was getting too hot for me.
we just hopped on caltrain ourselves. sweaty, sweaty.
and that's 2-0! aw yeah!
i was camping this weekend! just got back to civilization. glad to hear they won!
hedman had a huge channel to skate through and he buried it. 2-0.
there was the weak russian d i spoke of earlier in the week.
sources: roman firing was "about eighteen games, not two." much more detail about what went down friday....and how:
terrific reporting, sal.
as said at cbc foundation, "it's on us." we sane &amp; educated must find a way to educate enough of his fans. i've no idea how.
just keep telling the truth and exposing trumps lies.
my heart is broken and i have a fever, but i still have soo much homework to do
you are strong, beautiful, and brilliant. things may be tough now pero tienes un corazn fuerte. adelante mija
bkbf : nyabf :: kids who got called nerdy in high school : kids who got called gay in high school
i was expecting this tweet to be more relatable
well... how could i have taken them when it doesn't even happen until 8pm this evening? so.. i will upload them yesterday.
i got confused because the director posted something about it yesterday...oh well
we've got 51 days left to win this thing. make sure you're ready:
we don't put criminals in the w.h. she destroys evidence that the court order her 2 give 2 the fbi. only guilty people do this!
love and miss you too. having major withdrawals this time of the year
i know :/ the year flew by!
i'm starting to believe the hoopla re: 1st babies being an average of 7-10 days late.
awww just picture something scary like naked baby will pop right out! jk just trying to make you smile
forgot to send these to you before. some good pics.
i liked the video of him trying to take it down!
newhouse spotted in a walking boot. will have tests tomorrow.
hope he is ok
you're like kerry spelled like john. you know, the guy that should've been president
exactly, and despite that loss, still doing extremely important and hard work to keep this country and allies safe
save the cheese for 8:30!
bring the chips
oh i'm sooooooo sorry
if they win the super bowl with him hurt, does he still cut his hair?
so i asked siri "when are the emmy awards on?" and got this useless answer.
i don't have a single example of siri being useful. not one.
i couldn't agree more but i believe it served him well. he's finally with a progressive smart coach and now can speak more freely.
i do not believe coach hasn't anything to do with. zero. he censored himself before. now more mature, trusts ny media
all good. but without system change &amp; strong regulation to achieve 2c carbon budget pathway 'savings' will be spent.
sure, but recall that regulations without actually reducing the emissions is just a piece of paper :-)
crane gave the necklace to abbie after it cracked when hh was put in pandora's box
let's hope she didn't take it with her.
one of y'all minors take me to y'all prom this year
whatttt lmao
: we are giving away a $100 gas card to a lucky driver! enter now:
only canada?
..., , satchel, , , , and . you all helped make this happen!
and last but not least, video cover model/modern day viking, ! your new comic shelves are on point!
where do i get a rundeck shirt!?! i'd def rock one. didn't see a merch link on the site.
upgrade started putting a "run once" banner in new versions that links to free stuff, occasionally t-shirts
no aisha did not say it ! it is narrated lol
look up the word narrated.
what should i name my car?
i did this quiz and ranked lowest when it showed me. like, by a lot. exactly.
chris wallace, talked about, trump comments on hillary disarming her security, and the birther issue,on a day when terror is the may problem
funny thing is hrc was trying 2 have cw removed from the final debate because he works 4 fox, truth is he hates trump
everyday is arm day
shit take me to the gym with you one day.
just saw a tesla model 3 on the road in sf.
say wut?!?!
i will go back and delete it. i didn't mean it but that of course mitigates nothing.
but deleting it doesn't change anything. it's a mind set.
o yeahh i heard that shit be popping but it be going down a little?
shit cool go to school up here
i'll follow anyone who apologizes
my bad dude
i doubt that much movement will be made on any of those issues w/o pressure in the streets. voting hrc doesn't build that
street pressure and critique helps, but it doesn't accomplish the boring inch-by-inch work of actual reform. 1/2
1200 lined up on the street with huge overflow. take that.
jeff u r the problem,poor hiring&amp; 8yr doa economic models left her naked since jan.u couldn't figure
if this is what happens when i tweet with a russian imperial stout in me on a sunday, then i need more stout in me...
most would agree you are stout enough.
or at least i'm telling myself that
the only logical explanation
studied and graduated in evil . that's bad!
poor imam getting no respect at all.
been seeing all morning and target is strange if u know nyc. however, lets let the the investigation roll 1st
better targets galore. times square. sat. night. crowded. so many others also.
yeah, i had headless addiction.
it's not without him!
so hillary's doctor -who says is "excellent"- just claimed hillary had an imaging study that doesn't exist. oops. /5
didn't she say bacterial pneumonia was non contagious? how special is that!
facebook just reminded me of this post from 3 years ago today. it is even more relevant now.
but to be fair, they only think they're gonna chase each other around until they all turn into butter.
when y'all coming back??
not freaking soon enough!!
the are squeaking past the twinkies. championship.
that's how they've looked against the braves all year too
seriously?! never covered election violations happening here in the us but russia... our fucking media is a joke
yes the fucking us media is a joke
seeing me in action (fighting ) is rare so watch when you can lmao
why were you fighting bro ?
"britney: the gospel according to spears," an actual musical about the passion of christ x the life of a 90s pop sensation.
is it being performed again?
omfg if you haven't read ww stop right now and go get it! it's superb!
i love these panels! smiling diana is the best!
you too cute for a android
i lost my phone.. shut up al
who's excited for justin's new app?? it's coming real soon
i hope it means more selfies of him
zero fucks left for your bullshit obama is my favorite obama.
i second that
are you here now? we're at the play zone in the wells fargo lot.
we are! i'm trying to avoid heatstroke, sitting on the bench in front of cvs.
i will go back and delete it. i didn't mean it but that of course mitigates nothing.
the comments you made are how you think. and that is fine. it's not bad. it is just you need to understand. you can't understand
hey : why do your links redirect to an app on ios?
, could be a bug/hack with the link tracker. story is legit.
if this is what happens when i tweet with a russian imperial stout in me on a sunday, then i need more stout in me...
but a little more russian hey!!! this is good my friend. very good!
so proud and excited for my wonderful friend and all the success coming for !!!
thank you! you're amazing!
lmao his name is bobbybrown!?
lmao my parents refuse so will discuss with breeder and rename
she looks so happy -- how sweet! was it a total surprise?
not total, no. i did manage to surprise her with the setup tho.
when your mom buys you 4 new pairs of vans for your upcoming birthday
wait i love
wait, wait!!!! did that sexy straight reality tv chef, emmanuel delcour, go back to doing (straight) porn???
somewhere i have an autographed photo from his career ... before.
i'm tryna do my prom over again and look more ice
you're stupid.
! just this post + tag a friend and one lucky will get this beautiful laurel bag for !
love that orange aunt
in my day we kept fantasy by hand, we didn't lose our mind if we couldn't check our team on a phone for an hour...harrumph!
emmit smith was the guy
based on the weather... not sure tonight is going to happen. does a webshooter work in humidity?
isn't there always humidity where you are?
hmm the restaurant is open , yet no room service, yet you tout "text us anytime- whatever you need"
give up the good fight man. screw room service. go get a meal or . 2 of my favorites.
hole's pretty on the inside turned 25 this weekend. i can't be the only 30-something woman it helped to survive female adolescence.
this and exile in guyville are the only reason i've made it this far
important and overlooked point about snowden, from 's blistering wapo indictment
few people, esp pols and media folks, have the guts of ed snowden. he could have done it and hid behind anonymity.
saw ur face and got inspired
guess u let it gopd now urgpod to go
no abracadeborah 2: shit just got real?
this better be there or i'm staying home
i will go back and delete it. i didn't mean it but that of course mitigates nothing.
you are not a woc, nor do you understand the world of a woc. nor can you speak for one.
! just this post + tag a friend and one lucky will get this beautiful laurel bag for !
my gma would be happy
new notifications in ios 10 are in bubbles with different color header and body. it looks really busy. just poor ui choices
it's also gigantic and pops over stuff that it didn't used to... like youtube videos.
what's ' character?
the girlfriend of emma's brother
the washington post won a pulitzer for its reports using snowden's leaks, but now it calls for him to be prosecuted
do what you can please to get jill elected.
things i'm trying really hard not to rant about: 1) authors not supporting other authors 2) smaller publishers aren't lesser publishers
i am so proud to know you
ran away for a while, did some meth, the usual
sounds like some hood rat shit
if can't be honest on when trump stopped being a birther how can we trust he would be honest on bridgegate?
my gov was working the cones. yeah his big butt lied. we knew it. gopers are good at lies, dems are horrible at it
once a year i sleep in the same bed as and it's our bonding for the year
that is literally so accurate
ohh lmao wow
yeah they probably want another album so instead of app in their minds he said album
mt : with hillary we could go down a path we may never recover from.
think again. its not going to happen.
sporting the jersey he got for his birthday!
need me one of those
just checked in on my trumper fb friend to see how she was reacting to the whole birtherism thing.
i see there was no comment on the fiasco that followed the presser.
18 photos of stars looking glamorous:
we want back! more than hotch! love him &amp; honestly never crazy 4 hotch
uh oh. you mad they locked up ymbape?
smh, i though niggas learned "cause &amp; effect" in elementary school.
haha well then we can balance each other out! and find a happy productive middle ground
&lt;333 really like this. been feeling down sometimes and it's nice to work on other things!
maybe. want regression fire your coach and enter the wilderness, sure you might be headed that way, but let's go now!
nah not midseason, but asap. every year he's at the helm is another wasted season. and it's getting worse and worse.
clearly fucking not
who are you again.
that's a great ad .. playing on people's emotions i'm a vet just like this guy and i like trump
i am glad u like him. do you like the way he fired vets cuz they had to serve? you don't know him
with all of the lousy stuff going on, at least there's this: nypd detonates bombs in a place called rodman's neck
any relation to dennis?
rough. i know the feeling.
first time i made hot sauce i didn't wear gloves. hands felt sunburnt for days
so that yorkshire recipe worked!
were they as delicious as they look?
50k would go nowhere near to covering the cost of the private island i'd need to relocate to.
i'm so &lt;sarcasm&gt; popular &lt;/sarcasm&gt; that the price is like, 5k for each one.
thanks yangbo! rt : the latest messenger! thanks to
you're welcome! this morning summit
perhaps a second dose is in order. clinton-inspired delusions are difficult to purge. :)
if trump wins you will be responsible.i guess this is what u want. we are done.
this is such bogus spin that we have to wonder how christie manages to say it with a straight face.
i think chris is right. it was a hot bed topic for a while and trump picked a side.
i'm in a war with in
that's not a war mike ... she's whoopin that ass right now
and you buggin i'm a top 5 pick for surviving in the wild
kamil will strip down naked and retreat into the wild by the time he's 40
(belated) entire team
entire team
this weather makes my head hurts
this weather makes me want to drink cold beer
they believe anything that hurts the country helps the hate mongering orange monster.
. how. he looked like an asshoe after pulse and cali
get some. we can match when i come visit you
yessss pls come visit so soon!!!!!
jags gotta be the worst
facts bortles gets costed
maybe i could be on twitter on the weekends. surely citizenship people don't research on weekends?
just wanna be clear was looking into my options before any of this presidency stuff. we need people to stay &amp; fight.
got a link? yesterday they were on a lake/river down south.
not much really
readers know we rarely say "lie." but christie is either lying or so uninformed he shouldn't be on tv as a surrogate
___he's talking in a fog of chocolate chip cookie dust
. on "if typescript is so great, how come all notable reactjs projects use babel?"
support for .tsx files is kinda new, so for now there are not many typescript projects using it,after ts 2.1 well see
my rides are about to be way more lit
'casual syrup'
true. i, and a lot of clueless caucasian, need to know when to step back.
but that is not it either. it is not about stepping back. it is about understanding if you are going to speak against things?
locker room display of our gear for special guests. thanks to
i need some of that swag!!!!
proud of you! :] &lt;3
proud of you too!!
a really belated posting of today's and lineup cards
in-game reading?
but u was.... nvm
you annoying as hell lol what you got a screenshot somewhere
that's a great ad .. playing on people's emotions i'm a vet just like this guy and i like trump
trump had vets fired,thrown off a street, wouldn't let black pple live in his building. i am sorry but ur voting agnst yourself
attn: if you were interested in backyard movies on the 22nd, cancel that. i had to move it to the 15th. blame my uncle for having a party.
sunavabetch
which it's looking like is very possible
redskins are dogshit, vikings are gonna be first real test imo
andy dalton is an embarrassment today. an embarrassment.
where is this coming from??? ridiculous. dalton battled today...and almost got the late tie.
yep, "should i, what do you think, i don't know" should be his slogan.
people are saying.
street pressure and critique helps, but it doesn't accomplish the boring inch-by-inch work of actual reform. 1/2
a lot was accomplished, albeit imperfectly, in 8 years. a movement needs policy wonks, not just street action, to work. 2/2
sources: roman firing was "about eighteen games, not two." much more detail about what went down friday....and how:
can the offense be salvaged? interested on your take.
you're an alcoholic, bro
dirty dino's finest
they put november 13th instead of december 25th
hella off lmao
oops they're on now...lol too consumed with football. thought they were the sunday night game
thank god for tivo! i can watch both!
nothing simpering about strong women..get ready 2hear us roar!
you got that right
just wanna be clear was looking into my options before any of this presidency stuff. we need people to stay &amp; fight.
i joke about getting out of here, but that's more about decolonising than anything. fascism must be fought.
true. i, and a lot of clueless caucasian, need to know when to step back.
understand what you are talking about. which this conversation shows? it's a work in progress.
then, i asked the ios google app the same easy question using voice and actually got this quick, accurate answer.
apple needs to get better on queries like this if they expect us to have siri in our ears all day.
my new phone does not understand that i curse like a sailor yet. it keeps correcting my texts so that i sound like someone else.
you'd think there would be a way to directly add words to a device's dictionary.
great profile pic! did you manage to evict him?
wasn't my house..&amp; took them 14 hours to get rid of the critter!
any way you can quantify that? (compared to, say, energy production?)
read rest of tweets. did that :-)
it's been 69 years since its creation, and the cia is still as dirty as ever
the "president's private army" chalmers johnson called them. not accountable. when the am. republic died.
i blame democrats for nobody else...well democrats and (but it's pretty much the same organization)
. show me a corporate dem, and i'll show you someone who blames everyone but themselves.
dear john, could you please fuck off and get lost? believe me you will be appreciated. thanks for understanding.
maybe john doesn't know we're talking about him bcoz they keep misspelling his last name :)
standing in front of gentromancer containing my poem, inside sfmoma. surrealismo
so happy this was made possible for you amiga!!
so i didn't drink this weekend and none of you had faith when i said i wouldn't so fuck off to all the doubters
haters be your motivators
nice interview alesha! can't wait to watch you fight.
thanks! i'm down to fight cm punk or chael sonnen
kerry washington: voting trump is 'against our best interests' holly wood thinking
&amp;democrats (same thing)
to the airport: cologne to meet with project regolight (3d-printing buildings), then luxembourg for an asteroid mining conference.
have a pleasant journey
me in a nutshell
oh my god you're a scorpio?! no wonder we get along so well
perhaps a second dose is in order. clinton-inspired delusions are difficult to purge. :)
by the way you comments contain no logic. they are a personal attack on anyone who does not agree with you.
any idea where i can get a set of those placards for my classroom?
ask my adviser ; catch him around this . c
i heard the pizza rat turned them down.
probably but the homeless man on the street was into the job
what? why?
it is hot.as.eff. here
can't thank our teams enough for this great award. their continuous hard work and innovative mindset have made this...
possible.this is a big step forward and definitely the beginning of another new exciting adventure. so thrilled to be part of this!!!
bortles needs to throw a td or two to allen hurns and i'd be very content think he can do it?
yea when they are down 35-3 and the chargers sub in section 3 row 1 to play
i often find myself thinking of yeats' "the second coming" &amp; of trump as the rough beast slouching towards bethlehem
poor yeats' poem is so over used. both trump &amp; hillary lack conviction (and ethics) and are full of warmongering intensity.
the party is a private entity. thus it can exclude unacceptable candidates. hmmmmm.
but can it?
came home to find my smoke detectors have been doing the low battery alert thing this whole time. sorry, neighbors.
also sorry that i don't have any 9v batteries on hand, because, you know....it's 2016. i think you can only order them by fax machine.
are we assuming he went to elementary school?
forgive me for that lmaooooo
i love kris bryant. but fangraphs has him as one of the worst clutch hitters in baseball this year. let's see here
rooting for your yankees tonight, sal. my o's need a yankee win.
as long as you arrive early, you will have plenty of time to take the transfer shuttle if the terminal were to change. ^eb
so what you're saying is basically get there early just in case your showing incorrect information?
california accounted for 42% of new jobs in the u.s. last month
are doing it!!!! not the time to change to the crazy gop now.
...my dad just hung up this autographed picture of hulk hogan apparently for me in the living room...not a word said
me and mom read this in the middle of friendly drugs and we're laughing so hard
robert gates: donald trump is "beyond repair"
agree with robert gates
i'm not worried, run d looks stout and sam bradford is their qb lol
nah vikings d is real, an if ap gets going its gonna be tough
so what i'm really keen to identify now are the 'brick walls' in ai research roadmaps. what problems currently seem insurmountable? why?
sounding board? computer/books and datasets only 1 part of the work, it still is a problem getting proper feedback on wip.
biihhhhhhh she dated her man she met off the innanet for 6 weeks and they getting married in january !!!!!!
that's cute.
and that's it. landed and on my way to the city ...
going to the keynotes? i'm hanging out at yerba buena in case you have no plans
since when does the tsa control entry to javaone keynotes? :/
did they take your new water bottle? ;)
raiders run defense seems to always involve 3 dlinemn dominating and 1 getting dominated.
who is that 1 mostly, ward?
by the way, wish you were both here for this week!
awwww. i wish i was too! man, how time flies by.
that was teed up i could've scored that one
get out of here with this nonsense.
w/ , mike alexander &amp; matt schmidt &amp; also thinking of we hpe their show rocked!
same to , , &amp; all the bands today!
i love these panels! smiling diana is the best!
being able to capture these emotions....simply stunning!
trump's contempt for the media: he's "telling people to hate us as a body, as an institution," says
as an average viewer, i think your out of touch with public mood for change and the need to expose the corruption.
yeah dude oct 28th
november 6th
a lot was accomplished, albeit imperfectly, in 8 years. a movement needs policy wonks, not just street action, to work. 2/2
i have to run, so i'm sorry to stop here for now. i sincerely appreciate your willingness to have engaged without rancor.
well, i meant to say clueless caucasians should listen when people speak. and i know i'm far from perfect there.
you're still not listening. and okay. whatever.
yeah everyone are realizing now lol
yeah their probably like awww man we got so excited over nothing
i saw that on live tv, too. uso, supporting real american troops. that was her saluting them.
she was "saluting" all right.
escape to mountain tony &amp; tia 70's edition
did you pick up the witch mountain blu-rays from disney?
a spice rack
flaming hat?
latest: both nyc "bomb" and explosive device in new jersey used flip-phones, sources say
you must obey &amp; buy our smart phones until you can't afford food dummies!!!
jose bautista slaps a ball up the middle, ee delays going and then breaks for third, cliff pennington makes easy throw for out.
do the blue jays understand how to run bases any more? this is becoming a recurrent pattern. not how a playoff team plays
i just blocked donald trump on my twitter. i have never done that to any presidential candidate. that is how horrible he is w/ what he says
i cld never follow. i figured i'd rather see the horror thru the lens of people retweeting with horror than give him a follower.
backstage in javaone . in few hours will be ready to welcome you in our booth.
see you there!
wow, so pipe bombs are common place for you? you're like a character from terry gilliam's "brazil"!
you're being obnoxious. stop tagging me in this nonsense
this is wack af lmao
how u gonna be a pornstar &amp; get salty &amp; expose someone for trying to slide in your dms
can understand that ! . also there are other ahadith which say she was 17
refuted. who are you again?
any move towards popular participation in shaping affairs of state is dangerous. it's not tolerated at home and it's not tolerated abroad.
hence the need for the cia. the am empire is more important than democracy at home or human rights abroad.
i know app features are human driven, guessing music is the same. "curation"
i call it "machine learning".
hi, i am a friendly hacker. i point out other peoples mistakes without causing any damage. i am curious what you wrote about me
thanks for the friendly atction :) i was dumb enough! i just wrote that the process what happens to my account
archives fam: have query abt black women's personal collections as archives books/articles i can recommend?
i think kim springer's living for the revolution has that piece on sources that might be useful!
if they told trump he is over weight they should tell hillary she is equal treatment for all
no.scontinue2fallwatchhowshegetssicker&amp;sicker
oh shoot! do i owe you a printed sign?!
we talked about it 2-3 seasons ago when balfour was still on the a's. totally forgot to follow up. it's on me
i ain't sorry.
in them jeans, though
i'm talking full blown nuclear war level mental breakdown. i'd even cry like a lil bitch.
pics please
i often find myself thinking of yeats' "the second coming" &amp; of trump as the rough beast slouching towards bethlehem
and hillary has already unleashed a blood-dimmed tide on iraq, syria, honduras &amp; libya, while trump has the blank pitiless gaze
what the fuck is wrong with people?
dude, this is 1 of my favorite tweets ever. i fuckin busted out laughing when i read it. as usual with u it's dead on point...
i am trying to convince my dad to get unlimited data by going over the data plan every month
i tried that and my dad turned off my data in the middle of the month for 4 months
has been doing the best job because she's pressing surrogates on facts.
agreed. was trying to think of anyone else in her caliber this election and....came up blank.
coworker told me i got the juice...she ain't lying
share the juice young gawd.
but it's not all bad... he did tell me i had left my keys in the door...
and today i came home to find this very polite note sitting on the cabinet... that is still on my porch!
fair, if redskins wanted him. loyalty is a two-way street. if redskins don't want you, what's there to be loyal to?
he's the one looking for the love. he's dead to me. that's all. don't join the rival if you still want love
quick, turn on notifications or you want me to slip on jello and fall off a building
i always had your notifications on but okaii
engleesh is not your strong point
it is called a typo. you might want to look in the mirror.
well between you two and chris, the 8th it is.
i think that works for me too
i can't prove there is a solid ink but since orlando bloom opened his instagram account, i've found more grey hairs in my beard.
it's called telekinetic osmosis transference - ok?
be careful. if he's elected media will be muzzled for sure. scary times.
or he could follow his hero putin's tack and make them disappear altogether.
survived the bomb explosion in chelsea! time to drink! (@ holiday cocktail lounge in new york, ny)
hi there. can you email me to share your story if you're feeling better?
archives fam: have query abt black women's personal collections as archives books/articles i can recommend?
and maybe some inspiration from bly/'s make your own history?
that happens when you follow the devil.
yes, these sickos are fighting to justify the barbarity of islam.
so what i'm really keen to identify now are the 'brick walls' in ai research roadmaps. what problems currently seem insurmountable? why?
tools &amp; frameworks to use,most of the current frameworks lack a good chunk of what a complete frameworks would outside research
when people against lgbt equality talk about our "lifestyle" instead of our marriages, partnerships or relationships
and what does "lifestyle" even mean? like the homes we live in or the clothes we buy? such a lazy euphemism for our "otherness."
also, i'm known to cry the morning going back to work. ain't no shame in that.
just landed in jfk and already planning a good cry
and abnormal behavior, this could mean not behavior in itself, but in its thinking? abnormal thinking path?
psychopath. not just abnormal behavior.
walgreens highlights with ship &gt; $35 orders ~extra 15% off beauty/personal care w/ ~$10...
buy 1 get 1 50% off cosmetics, skincare, smoking aids, meds etc ~$10 off amope pedi
i have so many videos of michael just not ever shutting up and it's the best thing ever
send them all to me
despite warning from police union, miami players take a knee
great for those players who cares about the police unions they suck
media: texas beat powerhouse notre dame! high ranking cal: ok we beat texas now what media: well according to advanced statistical analysis
we all know that statistics can be skewed and read to suit an agenda.
how many will be there 2 years from now
this is a very fair point but i think (hope) beane has learned his lesson after donaldson trade.
the americans better take home trophies too.
one hundred percent. one of the few shows that gets better as time goes on.
conway is full of it. she seems to forget what she said about trump when she worked for. cruz.
she sure does. she is win at any cost. lie, cheat steal
anytime so when are you cooking on blab next?
i don't cook on blab. i did a few times to test it, but i'm not crazy about that platform.
hi nick, could you settle bet? friend says your rhetorical choice "6 million" is ugly. i bet you got it from study.
kristof is a certified schmuck who always slips in cute anti semitic barbs. see his ludicrous column sunday nyt
i have become one with the doggo and can transform at will
omg you have a hybrid chimera mode!?! ^^
mentioned the iphone 7 once and is obsessed
leave carter alone this is fascinating
"i would say to my friends in journalism, we still have some control here." here's what means...
it's too late trump has been playing the media &amp; driving the narrative since his campaign started.
you just walk into t-mobile? i'm in new york
yes was there
republican globalists. they signed a pledge. kasich lets obama use him for a tpp photo op?
i suspect it was a fair trade. they both got their photo opp and kasich benefits more than obama.
. is channeling fdr in her plans for a green new deal.
3% jill no fdr. this siphoner can only help .
watch: cnn's tapper hammers christie for falsely claiming trump wasn't pushing birther issue
christie is a bold face liar.
yo i love scratch offs
buy me scratch offs
your friend says hello
tell him die in a fire
giants gonna have a top 10 defense this year. maybe even top 5. that d line is nasty.
just gotta get past eagles, who are only real threat in that division
cause you weren't wit it so i had to get em myself
next football sunday we out for wings lol
worst/best/worst app. 8/10 content w/ shitty support. i know your still improving t but damn its been a year damn near.
i emailed you guys multiple times during the right hours and did not get anywhere. i ended up re-subscribing.
80?!?!?!? dare i say retirement is near?!?!?!
death will come first. at whose hand????
here's a link to pre-order a colony in a nation, my book on policing and democracy
just pre-ordered your book. can't wait to read it! ps glad the first pitch of the night went well.
there's already a movement out there to have her moderate with chris wallace. there's reason 4 that.
i know that, but that's hosted by fox. joy works for nbc who can add her. fox would never.
same thing, spotify having serious problems making a profit. public cloud is for poor people
if spotify is "poor people" by your book (w/ 5bn in revenue), i don't even wanna know what's not
...tried to talk to him. he literally turned his back on me. that's so badass i love him even more.
if we excluded idiots of one sort and another from the "fucking awesome musicians" category, what would we be left with?
in a heartbeat.
what is a microsecond of a heartbeat? :)
what sums up the 2016 election the best? neither candidate has hit 50%. they're both more unpopular than popular.
except we can stop calling deceitful while allowing to get away with all his cons
i'm shaking in my boots.
lol the lying imam is a legend in his own mind.
i think i'm gonna watch perfect blue today
the besssstttt
and another beautiful reading from the amazing (you should follow her, btw) :)
hmmm, did i post this reading twice? the mobile twitter app takes sometimes days to post my tweet.
that would be fun! all i know is i will travel out there some time during the last two weeks of april.
awesome. post-ncph one hopes :) let's stay in touch about this.
honest to god! if i had the 87k they owed i would've paid it and invested
jesus. but nah the girls could've got that deadass if they had somebody fighting for it a couple nasty fundraiser balls &gt;&gt;
yes, this is mildly annoying. it's also free. and not much more annoying than a cable at all.
also you just leave it connected to your headphones. so you'd have to lose your headphones to lose the adapter in most cases
kid has been sacked 10 times in 3 games. fsu has given up 11 sacks total. that's worst in acc.
mr. schoffel bottom line isn't the issue a lack of talent up front on both sides of the ball? houston and louisville?
k, don't say nothing when i got my whole 10 up tomorrow.
lmfaoooo 10 fingers?
sometimes it can be great that i don't see a simple solution until *after* i've done a load of research, learning and tangential stuff first
nothing solves more problems for me than a good night's sleep and mulling it over while in the shower the next morning.
because let me be clear if and when someone abuses my beloved holy master muhammad ( sa) i will finish you
we are laughing at your threat. america will never fall to scumbags like you.
slides to share? understand not same as being there but better than nothing.
can't share the slides before next release of oracle database is out :(
i'm pumped for any opportunity for the red bulls to lose
i like that you are passionate.
hillary called rape victims liars on many occasions and also called blacks super predators. if i vote her i'm worse
rw smears against bill died minute he left office.quiet for decade. suddenly back when hillary runs.
no i need to! i recorded return from witch mountain in on a couple of months ago. that movie! xo
they look great but no special features so hang on to those dvd's. :d
thank you, pat! this is wonderful :)
you know that i love your poetry greg! your poetry resonates with my soul!
your article on left me wondering if was on trip- wrong year though
, about the recent article regarding ... ?
. done. looking forward to it
thanks to (fits &amp; perfectly)
. "we are the major global leaders in anti-humantraficking"
in the us we put $22b + in programs that address social inequality
go raibh mle maith agat. mara thrasnaigh.
now if only i could pronounce any of it. i know some of the linguistics of it, but it's so unique from any language i know.
thanks to who agreed to do a story to help raise awareness for anyone struggling with
dm if u want to chat. good luck.
but let's also not forget: there are plenty of shitty/scammer small publishers out there too. no guarantees!
haha that's why i said can be, not will be. :-)
"she sold me her frozen mother for $30. how do you do something like that?"
i bought an igloo cooler from the same woman. do you know if her mom had a cat?
really? i don't think they're very good.
they have a top 5 front 7 and imo an offense that if(big if) can put up at least 21 ppg, they'll be good
i emailed you guys multiple times during the right hours and did not get anywhere. i ended up re-subscribing.
my only real concern is the fact that i bought my flog gnaw (expensive vip pass) with the same info i used to resubscribe.
isn't that convenient!
koran allows child marriages, they try to cover for it.
here's how one of the original media insiders handles a fact about media double standards. he insults the messenger.
he forgot his hashtag!
hopefully there will be an artifact to counter the infections.
just found out this post my friend found is a lie the infections are good! i'll rake a video tonight
i've updated the issue with more examples.
i put the examples and additional docs into a gist.
indeed, private cloud can improve this dramatically
pretty sure any mid-to-large company w/ their own datacenter uses private clouds these days. doesn't guarantee utilization
i couldn't make myself wait any longer so i'm already watching the nightmare before christmas
how are you watching it!!
if we excluded idiots of one sort and another from the "fucking awesome musicians" category, what would we be left with?
and to be clear: excluding idiots makes most professions pretty thin on the ground, no bash on musicians.
any1 alive?
i added you to a call if you want to join?
both tbh. for me, sj is home. but my heart is in oakland.
rip tupac last tuesday. i really need to explore oakland more
love and of course....
i knew it. ditto. also love freaky friday (w/ jodie &amp; barbara). :d
um excuse me??? im dropping you rn idk about nejla but u can't talk to me like that.
hey anela i don't think you're a bimbo. i think you're an little pumpkin spice latt
y'alls goals. we matchin' even across the country boi. i love her
i love you
how about that boyd fumble???? i'm a steelers fan but come on, no way that was a fumble.
i thought he was down
in 1990 detroit's top 3 carmakers had a market capitalisation of $36bn and 1.2m employees
can we talk for the post work economy?
woo hoo!! way to go pat i can't wait to see the awesomeness that you'll bring to the sock extravaganza
ha, ha, ha! okay, let me go to my twitter mobile app and post them now!!
. is this fool another irrelevant ahmadi?
yes, one of the rejects of the ummah. lol
me too i can't wait
yeah i need new icons
my only real concern is the fact that i bought my flog gnaw (expensive vip pass) with the same info i used to resubscribe.
i know it's months away but i don't want to get ready for the trip only to hear some bs that my ticket got lost.
what a tangled web...if a "volunteer" started the birther how could she be "fired"?
who is this hilary campaign worker? what she say now?
i hope bae has another great night terrifying guests.
wish you were here babe
studying for boards. thought: "well, it's either a or c." looks at answer: "b."
sums up my studying as well. lol!!
time to go ketogenic minister!
isn't that really just the atkins diet?
the mall attack and 2 bombs in new york they claimed credit for. check out the news...
i am. doesn't seem to be international terrorism. don't let fear fool you. don't let the fool lead you.
announce castro has a grade 1 right hamstring strain. ellsbury has a right knee bone bruise and is day-to-day.
honestly...ells is as fragile as a flower. jeeez!
making me want to play again.
do it. legion has been so much fun, im glad i came back.
i know it's months away but i don't want to get ready for the trip only to hear some bs that my ticket got lost.
i don't think that would happen but you never know. okay i'm done ranting i love you forever email me back bye.
good night people
sweet dreams
but is not necessarily a new approach!
fascinating article - thanks!
come here lol
too bad she coming to me
because of keto i'm down below 200 lbs for the first time in awhile. monday i'll add on stronglifts 5x5 program. here we go~
i'll be rooting for you at the gym bb
how do you open their eyes? sweet talks or hard confrontation?
very hard to do. just expose their diseased minds to the public.
why in the world would you be amazed? when have you ever known reince priebus or trump to own up to anything?
the 1- sided media coverage is disturbing trump insinuates assassinations openly lies right-wing media ignores it - where is law
and to be clear: excluding idiots makes most professions pretty thin on the ground, no bash on musicians.
bagpipers tend to be pretty smart, though. don't fuck with the bagpipers.
no and no, if you'd learn to check your misogyny
this southern jerk has the gall to post avi w/ dorothea lange photo - she would have called out his hate for sure....
we still haven't heard on the house..........
homeowners associations have a million members and like so many have to vote. you'll hear!
katie! yes! i was looking at "foxy" and was like, that's not katie but of course you're foxy!
lol today i am just very sweaty. it was a pleasure to hear you!
guys i just bought the f21 bieber bomber jacket im happy
nice i have the hoodie and two shirts from forever 21
100% she will outlive everyone alive right now. we will already be forgotten, but she'll be rejuvenated.
she drinks the blood of juniors in the night
that to access your service you have to give all your data ? 2/2
you will find all your answers in our privacy policy.
50% want a new u won tape 50% percent said misc beat tape so guess what youre all getting a beat tape soon
u suck u should do both
exactly!! you can be my eyes for the giants game
so far you missed cardinals hitting a 2 run home run
safe to say we really can't be together lol.
could've told you that
the whole makes me nervous because of someone getting injured before the season. but i'm jewish so i worry about this stuff.
flyers! (kidding. used to go to the games as a kid.)
a good small press who will support their books and authors in tangible ways can be much better for an author than a huge publisher.
make no mistake - there are schmublishers out there, too, that have shit contracts and will make you miserable.
planning to join the line?
i had a fun visit once they were open!
relationships are so nice when they are with the right person
holy retweets mag
that's if one believes there is a greater responsibility to the republic than delivering shareholder value
news serving the people started going downhill when it became a "profit center" in the 70's.
does that "im not no foking baby" cocksucker have twitter???
don't know when you figure it out lmk
happy birthday pretty
thank you :))
sorry, i only use
this was my best attempt at a tweet
my mom travels with her keurig
that's gonna be you too
thread cc
haha, the amount of indies here and the state of the major publishers mean i'm hella surprised this is a thing.
lmao! you came at me cause of a tweet. and it shows you're a coward. saying things but not standing for them.
i don't know why you're entertaining an idiot like that.
just walked by crew, correspondent said dramatically to camera, "there's a lot of panic in the streets" of nyc. there is no panic.
this could be why so many don't trust media...hyperbole, exaggeration, self importance.
a beam to the head in the storage room.
a beam instead of a wooden stake, i like it
i have the sweatpants too, i wanted the hoodie, but they had none :(
awww really
he was better today. much better.
thought he attacked the hitters and was more aggressive. felt the same about gausman's last start.
the business of media is not news or entertainment, it's simply delivery of eyeballs 2 advertisers.
"profit center" was the phrase.
that europe must change!
i've worked with barbara spectre on multicultural issues when in sweden, she's a good woman unfairly maligned by alt right.
a waffle s'more? oh yum.
yup yup yum. i took half of it home
you're smarter than me, but this seems like a big flaw w polls generally, esp in a much younger country
it's a very marginal effect; but we'll get to update our results to reflect the new data when it's in
i just blocked donald trump on my twitter. i have never done that to any presidential candidate. that is how horrible he is w/ what he says
i blocked him too. one time i sent an idea tweet to brian fallon and trump did an rt of my tweet. i felt dirty all over...lol!
catch the latest ep: guests!
so good to have you back in my ear balls, questionable
and i swear im rly not that shady but you cant blame me for who ive met lately
ok but the best thing hes ever released
should've asked for replay!!!!!
trust the officials on a replay and loose a to...looks like a troubling decision.
ireland's 9 today everyone happy 9th birthday baby girl
happy birthday to your daughter she grown up so fast enjoy the day
welcome to the club
people just hate, like don't be jealous we happy
if you're a mx latte now, what have you been mixed with ;p
mx is the gender-neutral form of mr/ms haha
this will sound more like a badge of honor than a derogatory label.
has played the media like a fiddle!
. the stickers are v helpful for making zines + tea + reading martha stewart thank you!!!
also ty obviously this zine sticker is holding your place in my apartment until you come home
hmm. a few hours ago officials said the exact opposite.
. they just said on msnbc both and bomb have cell phone detonator.
rumors going around that titan fc 41 fighters' cheques are bouncing. titan fc declined to comment when i reached out.
one of my gym partners still hasn't cashed his check... :s
and evidence that sf electeds are the right body to govern regional hsg given current sf issues
how about you write up why/how your plan might work so all might consider &amp; discuss?
use tools, don't be used by them.
i know what you meant by this, but i literally just pictured an actual screwdriver using you as a hammer.
they still aren't good
5 quarters of football so far this season. first 4 quarters were pretty good if you ask me. won't crown em good or bad yet.
welcome to the club
people just hate but lowkey jealous
christie 'no doubt' nj, ny explosions terrorism only peeps that don't admit terrorism are the
news flash: it's not the libtards. it's the pc emoprogs who can't say
we gonna fail chem together but at least she's gonna look good while doing it
omfg youre so cute i love you sm
old us lifesaving station on jerseyshore burns last nite-ffs save most
- luckily the fire was contained to the one room - company's got a good jump on it..
rams' receivers just love dropping passes. they've done it since training camp.
another drop by austin, the $42 million dollar man.
kellyanne conway teaching trump to pretend he is human. he will discard her the moment she isn't useful, just as he will his supporters.
when will she start?
is it called tronc underwear?
no. no. (franticly buying domain to replace
at a panel that includes salman rushdie, and i am suddenly remembering for how much of my life i thought he was the guy from bridget jones
(i mean he is but he is also salman rushdie)
this is no joke the hottest day i've ever experienced in sf.
assuming all the stores have their lights off and doors open. melting
where is alien so-called president obama when usa is attacked in 3 fronts!
neverheard bastard muslim illegal alien presidentobama! usa is attacked!
it's 2016 and kevin james is the king of comedy
some of my tweets are pretty much solely for and this is one of them
whatsit mean
mx is just the gender-neutral form of mr/ms haha
"fi's 50 in 50 challenge: progress to date" by on
go girl go !! support fiona for a good cause!!
when im sad &amp; i hear others stories i think damn i'm selfish bc here you are having a worse day than i am &amp; my situation isn't all that bad
&amp; with that being said. someone is always going through something much worse than you are
oh boy let him b hes realizng jimmy g wont do shit. oswiler 2.0
oh boy you were right. hes done great at spraining his ac joint
2) all three of our receivers are blessed angels and nothing bad can ever happen to them
3) josh brown is still garbage and in the future i would appreciate we find ways to win games that don't require his help thanks
looks like im gonna have to pay for this
ummmm we litt then
i thought that settlement had been shunted of to dss?
you'd know better than me! (i followed that tweet with an "in 2013" reply.) big, unsurprising shame if mog dismantled it tho..
is burn notice up for any awards?
what about suits?
i don't understand why reporters don't seem prepared with facts when interviewing his surrogates.
because journalism is now just entertainment, $, ratings. facts are too dry.
3) josh brown is still garbage and in the future i would appreciate we find ways to win games that don't require his help thanks
4) a win is a win
jerry jones is proud no one on the cowboys sat during the national anthem
i guess that's where the nfl now sets the bar?
pretends to love the poorly educated but in fact he doesn't respect anyone. the con rarely respects the mark!
. to 's annoyance, this is a fake tweet. not that there aren't 1000s of real deplorable trump tweets.
what a bunch of sorry $&amp;@$. i can't believe let those damn . i want to cry.
damn stephen a! but i do agree those teams are sorry. 2-0 giants all day!!
man.... i remained calm and quiet but in the end we got the w what a game!!! feels great being 2-0 baby!
yes!! ma..good win
any response today from bochy about romo's reaction to being taken out last night?
no but my understanding is that there's no dissension and it was talked over in clubhouse.
she is dead
found sead in her rincon hill condo?
i know but it's sorta pronounced mix and so that makes you mix latte so what's ur mix
bunch of bees mixed with a human suit
lets go eat &amp; drink
ugh that sounds good! time ?
make no mistake - there are schmublishers out there, too, that have shit contracts and will make you miserable.
but just being a smaller publisher does not automatically mean being a worse publisher. algonquin, for example, is among the literal best.
i'll keep it one video. i can't believe it's been 10 years. appreciate you all so much.
here's to many more!
son's teacher sent home a ridiculous assignment. "where are your ancestors from and why did they choose to come to this country? " really?!
what school does he go to?
priebus: rnc could block kasich and bush from running again if they don't back trump
maybe reince will be gone after trump gets his ass kicked?
that's a huuuuuuge if. only thing we've seen of the eagles is vs the browns
if wentz can perform vs bears and pit, ill really believe in them, however i have bears winning this game vs them
errbody have fun at the 2nite. i'll b watching from home in nyc. baby in my belly has me grounded from flying.
when is your due date? congratulations to you and !
girls around wsc nj and boston be careful please and thank you, don't meet up with people you aren't friends with and stick together
omg what happened
when you answer someone's tweet look at the screen beside the camera it's says gif press that
yeh gif maine banana tumblr se graphics interchange format gif
i took a lot of pictures of the vegan food i got in dc in july and damn i'm about to cry looking at these now
that mac n cheese
steelers hold on late because boyd didn't, move to 2-0
gotta know there is ref &amp; nyc review issues when this doesn't get over ruled.
one of my 'yet to go dbas has just left the room - come back soon i need you ms102
tbh, i'm not a dba but will be back in 2 mins.
let's plan a trip
me. toooool lol
i forget i have more than the dads and nicole on snapchat sometimes... i should just spam the fuck out of everyone and say hey i love yall
we're the most important
trump is a racist, bigoted baby man with a dark, hideous soul.
yes he is hideous and think of the legions of demonic assholes that support him - now that is some scary shit
we make the goals come true
yeah you and jessica are!!! &amp; you too
happy birthday lauren! don't have any pictures of you so here's some photos of your boys lol have fun
lol thanks cam!
i haven't seen my nephew in almost ten years. reconnected today and realized we're twins.
i never remember how twisty my family tree is until i have to explain to people how i have a 26 year old nephew lmao
i like your tweets, think you have cool taste in comics. and i don't want to make people mad. that is all.
this isn't about you.
where can i see this? :)
it only had one run, at columbia in early 2012:
yeah it all sounds kind of easy to do until you're actually doing it lol but that's my goal at the moment
yeah i totally get you it is all very complicated at first, sounds easier, but we all have to make sacrifices
rva people: cmon out to tuesday night for the always magnificent howling hex. they may even have a guest or two joining them.
hi james &amp; also was literally just at lunch with russell smith (remember him?) and he saw (&amp; loved) them yesterday
happy birthday !! hope your day is nothing less than perfect pretty girl love you longtime
thanks heather! love you sm
. scary that yrlg buyers are decreasing faster than horse population...harness industry in huge trouble...they seem not to care
there are plenty that care but what's the fix?
reported 'explosion' in ny at 8:30. at 9:10 trump tells co a "bomb" went off. source says trump was 'briefed' on plane. who briefed him? (1)
exactly!! how did he know? could have been gas leak, anything
on such a high after hearing worship at saddleback church - he changed my life back in 2002 with his book - god is great!
we were just there happy sunday
just wanna thank everyone whos helping me find my car. i am forever in your debt. please keep spreading the word so we can find it
wtf that's crazyy, hope you find it
decommitment now open to all schools, thank you.
love you boy. get yours. you gotta make a decision that's gonna best suit you for the next 4 years.
a rage warrior
is this rages new hair and makeup look for the year? hehe
yes!! i've been reading this whole thread and thinking that algonquin is the best pub i work with.
i love them so much
it only had one run, at columbia in early 2012:
there was talk of bringing it to off-broadway theatre but nothing came of it. problem was licensing songs.
game sounds o.d butthurt for no reason
i was thinking the same shit
no way everybody posting only plays just $1 wagers. how is that remotely enjoyable lmao
you talking singles or tl and dubs
/nypd probing suspicious uber passenger last night in . driver reported incident today. via
check your clip, a car stopped a second before the explosion right where it exploded.
what is your preferred johns
tbh both founders are not good people
happy birthday lauren!! english was fun last year and will be this year, hope you have a great day
thanks lauren! lolling forward to it
happy birthday to me
what is ithat?!?!
no spoilers but good? bad?
very good. season finale is going to be brazy.
this steering wheel costs $30,000. note to self: don't lose this.
that's not a steering wheel. this is a steering wheel.
there's a creepy guy
oh god why is there always some creepy fuck ruining everything for everyone
i'm having an awesome day! started going to the gym and i feel fab! anyone else having a nice sunday? :d
you are the definition of fab
uhm false. she's better than every young post on the roster. not even close.
i think they still need a major overhaul in the backcourt (other than tiff, a star). layshia maybe stay as a backup
problem is the (young) people they influence with bad extreme ideas.
muslims are immoral.
sitting at viva calle booth: her: are you a volunteer? me: no. her: well this seating is for staff only. me: i work for the city. her: oh!
you work for the city? moonlighting on your messenger biz?
happy b-day to an absolutely trash baller. someone who i've defeated numerous times 1v1 in basketball.
thank you bro i appreciate it!
just ur local hoodlums doing hoodlum things
i'm a fan of this
richard campbell--guy who punched 70 year old woman w/ an oxygen tank because she said something about trump.
in most states hitting someone over 65 will get 5 years added to your sentence.
some snacks for the plane
put toothpaste in the donut's holes
trump biographer gwenda blair says he was admitted because his brother fred had buddy in admissions
contribution to penn as well?money buys admission
selfie! happy to attend nxt here in mpls/stpaul with a pretty decent mn fgc squad ...
there's a huge fucking beard in there distracting me.
it is continually offensive to me that the new jersey red bulls' mls scorebug abbreviation is nyr.
not as offensive as their players
no.. find a new team because you're unhappy and acting like a crap as a "fan"
carl can you please just block these douchebags instead of replying, so us real fans don't have to read this garbage
campaign coverage with a twist! don't miss the premiere of 'perino &amp; stirewalt: i'll tell you what,' sunday at 5p et
she is clueless just sits there looking at the goofball.
chillin mannn, wbu !? how you been ?
word, it's been a minute!
shorebreak is pretty okay for a band ran by a vanilla midget.
say goodbye to your dreams of getting hats.
wait actually no the hand is fucking weird
so with hand is weird?
hey our food got here cold 40 minutes after its scheduled arrival. what's the plan?
. also i had to go find your dasher because he seemed incapable of using the directory and told my wife he was here (he wasnt)
eli hit odell with dime and he dropped it. then on 3rd and 8 aired it out again. you'll throw some picks that way but you snatch wins too.
if hc let him coulda aired it out whole game cause ny saints cbs aren't that good and odell, cruz, &amp; shepard are that good.
in the words of that great american, "go fuck yourself."
indicates that pence wants to be the string-pulling villain behind the scenes. (as if anyone could control the mutant he's with)
revenue is rising, but so are losses. so the question arises: is what they do special? and are they efficient?
are you talking about amazon? (for 25 years, that was the argument on why it was "doomed")
i'm finally gonna take down the gaming posters in my room
free yourself
why is nbc promoting &amp; abetting racism and pure campaign racist bullshit and lies?!
pendejo obama aint on the ballot.
news alert: isis claims responsibility for mall attack.
keep letting them dam refugees in and this is what you get
i'm calling bullshit on that tumblr "chelsea bomber manifesto" page. no one i know would use the phrase "homosexuals like myself." no one
also no radical queer would go to seaside, new jersey.
i pretty much busted a mark only i speared the ground with my face
dude you literally fell 100% flat on your face. like you didn't try to protect your face at all. hahaha
thoughts from : &amp; amounts to nothing. won't help ur , save $$ for college fund.
especially the homeopathic nothingness on the yellow package.
i agree. so good!! rt : the best show i've watched this year is . 8 episodes wasn't enough!
one of my co-workers was telling me to watch that. she said it was really good.
we are here to help! have you rebooted your set top box already by unplugging the power cord for 30 seconds? ^klb
yes, i went to to see if others experiencing same problem and they were.1 person posted to reboot &amp; it worked.thanks.
what's the most embarrassing/devastating bug you created that ended up in production?
i added an experiment to the google app. my svp made me do it though... he was wrong.
i just remember the 6 month period of time in my life where i spent every day on amphetamines as one very short wild dream
u nailed it
you could hold all kinds of stuff in the desert with those
i want more shipping containers for non-desert logistics too.
also i'll be seeing a close friend of mine i hold dear to my heart today after 4 years?? and i am sosososo happy to see her :-)
i'm seeing her a lil less than an hour
wapo on christie's claim that trump did not 'on a regular basis' spout birther nonsense after 2011: four pinocchio's
do these ppl know how the internet works? we have miles of footage
why is a stabbing in a mall a national news story? there are killings all over the country every day.
maybe kevin james was patrolling there.
or behind the toilet? ewww
it's floating with the tidybowl man! hahah! remember those commercials
still one of my favourite moments
mine tooooooo!!! i loved this so much &amp; i always think about it during any award show.
are you talking about amazon? (for 25 years, that was the argument on why it was "doomed")
in spotify's case, i imagine they weren't efficient w/ infra, so got a good deal w/ gcloud
people really need to experience movies on there own and to stop judging them on what people say about them.
there's no reason people can't judge movies on their own and be informed by people with learning in both film and criticism.
giants winning the close ones early this year.
and after both games i feel like i need to take a shower. giants drive me to drink. well, maybe a short walk.
she doesn't want to die any more than you do... sign + rt:
does this include donald trump's sons?
first season got taken down from cr so they could promote a second season? i'm confused
maybe the original studio got the lisence back and went with another distributor to do simulcast?
this what going to osa felt like
that girl in the front is jingles
stop me if you've heard me say this before or all season.... let the kids play.
things the athletics should have done at the start of this year, and are doing now.
entire team
lil late but... and entire team
not equal but same universe. and damning because info about trump isn't new. hrc complicity is new for many. devastating.
there was no complicity idiot
i put the examples and additional docs into a gist.
i think these will be branches:
you? isn't that ur name? isn't joel short for something
my birthday is october 6
oh good to know
i need to clean up the dog poop! help send
. the stickers are v helpful for making zines + tea + reading martha stewart thank you!!!
where's my head? did i not send you a zine bear?!?
my friend are making fun of me for having an iphone and oh my god that hasn't been funny not "cool" in actual years.
it was never "funny" or "cool" but people who used to do it used to think so.
great photo!
thanks joel
alex castellanos is a friend. this is unworthy of him, way over the line. what happened to his call for a new gop.
no longer a gop party, but a trump u party.
i'm interested in hearing the beginning to this story.
it started with a dance rehearsal and ended with some very (i'm assuming) bewildered waiter.
usually when i return from mumbai, i'm miserable for a few days. this is the 1st time in 3 years that i'm happy about being back... (cont)
not becsuse the visit was bad. nothing like that. i enjoyed myself a lot. it was a great visit back home. among the best in recent years...
just landed in sf, lil surprise this afternoon
must be here to visit
i know you probably followed me for movie stuff, dumb jokes, and my affection for cats. you can unfollow me until after the election.
can i just unfollow the whole election?
is it safe to say vance mcdonald has arrived? this was the weekend that he had to prove it, right?
no one fully arrives after two games but he has definitely earned strong regular starting consideration
fox news poll: who is qualified to be president?
donald j. trump
you truly are a charismatic leader, no wonder you will
how do you have a tweet out to trump in a second? are you a nazi frog robot?
holy crap, good job boo!! 13 miles in 2 hours.. i can barely do 4 in one
i can barely do one in an hour, you go matty
okay. simple enough!
tweet! lol! going to be in twitter jail.so i took a break
lol all these lil boys tryna hmu like no thank you
cause you hot asf
i think this would interest you
only if you run one with me
i can't say anything bad about thierry - i'm a gooner. i like to imagine he never played for new jersey.
haha gotcha. despite the goonan name, i'm a red.
...or i'll put my glow sneakers where the sun don't shine
i hate hate it when my 2 favorite cutie patooties fight. can't y'all just hug it out?
i'm just trying not to judge a this drummer's hair in this amazingly 90's fiona apple video:
"shiny shiny pants and bleach-blond hair/a double kick drum by the river in the summer/you fell in love with the drummer"
an app for sharing photos with friends - the new york times
"it's not going to work. they're wasting their time."
garoppolo injury watch update: wonder why he would end up at the hospital?
ct scan and mri's are things they don't have at a stadium.
peyton's 'bad habit' at arabian whore party via
wow he's in amazing shape! the song is pretty good too! never heard of him before.
real americans dislike traitors.
come now, clearly you can't recognize a traitor, can you? look, there's one - you're voting for her
power: now, because of a single airstrike, russia calls the unsc to convene urgently so that it can stand up here and express outrage. 4/4
all that crap russia has done.....the nerve.
donald trump's foreign ties may conflict with u.s. national security interests
that's why it's important to dye his taxes, and business holdings. transparency works both ways
was lovely. bopped around w/ &amp; + saw , , , &amp; ... fun :)
also was so pleased to meet , whose book groundspeed should be on your shelf.
trump builds lead over hillary to 7 points in usc dornsife-la times national poll
tht's great. will it help w california? i don't know. too many libs out there.
loved meeting you! thanks so much for all the advice so far xxx
echo that - but don't think we won't be back for more
lol joey i'll never forget where this team came from cuz we've never left the bay have fun at the game tho!
lol but you left the city, i will tho haha
opinion: do we really need film critics?
of course, as we do in all art forms. people well versed in the artworks &amp; aesthetics of the medium are valuable to the discourse.
a rejuvenated victor cruz, along with odell and the rookie shepard gives eli about as good receiving personnel as he's had.
if cruz/shepard keep going like this fair to say ny has top 3 wr crew in nfl. shepard catches anything near him. 2d round pic
ayo thomas. that was a real nice declaration welcome to the present we're runnin a real nation would u like to join us? or stay mellow
doin whatever the hell it is u do in monticello
meet our demands or say goodbye to your precious. oh, if you could only hear the screaming...
that blade cannot kill oss momentum! (plus that one is for rough cuts)
happy birthday lauren much love have the best day
thanks reece!! love you sm
no... the sink sits on the ground and the tiles go around lol my hubby does floors... so the back two wouldn't be
at least they tossed in something to keep us awake!
i'm stunned... that is phil simms saying nice things about my qb.. i heard him&amp; thought, oh, i bet that's boomer..but, it wasn't..
i actually feel like i'm in the twilight zone listening to them lol!!
so what i'm really keen to identify now are the 'brick walls' in ai research roadmaps. what problems currently seem insurmountable? why?
another problem: i spend my time around is fixing models that work online, differs alot from "python my_model.py data.csv" code
democracy is messy. i see a lot of new housing in the start phase.
housing is not "in the pipeline" until the foundation formwork is being built.
justin is turning 30 in 2721 days...
staphhhhh
well, our horror film may have been a disappointment at the box office this weekend, but at least we got overwhelmingly negative reviews.
well i thought it was pretty damn perfect. for whatever it's worth.
my husband was shot/killed in front of me by my stalker in a gun free zone.i was disarmed bc of gun control.gun control=helpless
. theconstitutionclearlygivesustherighttoarmourselves, whorthey2disregardthelawoftheland.
roode beats tye at 14:45 after sneaking in a low-blow when the ref was trying to repair buckle
did you see the robe he wore last week? if that wasn't terry taylor's i'll pay your wwe subscription
i hope you haven't jinxed yourself with that comment.
they can never find me here.
i was in this event...simplication of iot and it's benefits for the future explained in detailed.thanks
thanks for your kind words!
ty for awesome mt's and rt's gn angels .
definitely, my pleasure beautiful.
what's better?
bodega cats &gt; books and comics
night in progress
views of the night
it was never "funny" or "cool" but people who used to do it used to think so.
they all do exactly the same thing with minuscule differences in operational aspects.
let me also say this: ppl aren't supporting trump bc they don't know he's lying; they're supporting him in spite of knowing it...,
i think it's because his lies are much less important to them than that he actually seems to hate all the people they hate.
so i was i dumbass, and no bk i dont that gay shit
exactly don't talk shit if you dodge
yes the competition is open worldwide!
ok.well the brits just left! bye bye! lol it's 10pm there.
gone have to turn up on him after this w then
td bitches!!!!
i wonder if reviewing the idea we need under "post-work" is being contemplated.
the old arrangement jobs---&gt;$---&gt;services is failing. a new model is needed
"do you have anything like coors?" no. you're going to have a good beer and like it, damn it.
i hear there's a crazy bartender there today.
eli has absolutely no fear.
manning genetics allow for .
acutally made it after grinding so many hct opens, guess i am going to blizzcon :p
grats dude!
trump called a bombing a bombing. just shocking. i hope you can get over it, bitter hillary clinger.
they said hillary looked measured as she assessed bombing. she looked out of it.
poll: who do you trust to do a better job on the economy?
only one donald j. trump
if...g's make it to/past wc, when setting roster, no reason is hell to have peavy or cain on it..suarez long man, 4 man rotation.
you know we're not making it period ..:
i think i've devised a way to detect speculative fiction enthusiasts. this photo depicts:
is... is that an irl shambling mound?
how are you still alive
his desire for social proof kept him alive
not becsuse the visit was bad. nothing like that. i enjoyed myself a lot. it was a great visit back home. among the best in recent years...
but the reason why i'm excited is coz i get to go to work tomorrow morning. i just love my job man. it's too good to be true!
men tweet the dumbest shit when it comes to women and it takes all of my will power to not comment on it
comment on it make them realize how dumb they sound
no idea about who deserves what, since i don't watch tellie, but hey let's do some cheap gossip about its red carpet
women, please do wear brandon maxwell tonight.
proud of work of delegates ahead of crucial week. way to go to support for .
it's looking great! maybe we finally get to meet at the conference this week dario! from ldn to paris now nyc :)
i know!!! right??? it's bizarre!!
i don't know what's going on....
democracy is messy. i see a lot of new housing in the start phase.
there is such a thing as too much democracy. almost every other state has by-right, and cheaper housing.
great photo and you are one terrific uncle.
thanks rose mary
rt if you want your top to fuck you like your his little hoe
very hot vid
welp. at least allen robinson owners will get garbage time! 21-0 chargers.
need yeldon and hurns to do something. can't keep staring at crowell and wallace on my bench with their 40ish points! argh!
happy birthday hope you have an amazing day love you
thanks paige!!
poll: 2016 presidential matchup among voters ages 18-34.
donald j. trump
the housing trilemma: environment, affordability, neighborhood character -- preserve two.
physical character
i'll never finish my book. (please respond with extreme opposition. thank you.)
just think of all those god awful games you completed! if you can complete them you can surly complete a simple book! :3
bringing you live updates on the developing situation in stay w/ onair and online for the latest
no rest for u today teresa
trump called a bombing a bombing. just shocking. i hope you can get over it, bitter hillary clinger.
hillary with her two medics, security, etc. to help her up stairs. this is really nuts
this is . he wants to retire a hero. but here's the thing. i'm not going to let that happen.
looks like this monster is finally getting his just desert.
i an now convinced that there is a bot writing his tweets.
isn't he a bot? i mean, he's a sociopathic narcissist with no capacity for any empathy. bots meanwhile can adjust w new information
only 90s kids will remember this.
yeah i remember using a hp all-in-one print-o-fax-o-scan to prop up my 64.
so i fractured my wrist tryna show some kid how to play football...smh shouldn't have been so nice
that kid was rev
well obvssss but they look good .. you mean the length? her hair doesn't look that bad to me just thin
trash can in space
. are you proud of this? this attitude is what you've created, you craven piece of detritus.
holy crapola batman - is she really that warped? could be demonic possession
ooh i kinda like this tho it's like a vignette
i am glad someone appreciates i fuckin hate it but love u
nice try pal there's 61 today
of course
i see the banner is back up, what's the story?
will explain later
paid $30 for a cold-pressed juice and an acai bowl for lunch because i want everyone to know i'm a terrible person.
but a healthy terrible person
everything is called crazy here. crazy bread. crazy pizza. crazy crust.
that's crazy
the melania trump immigration story was a case of bad reporting:
does anyone really care? she'd is a low life just like her husband, birds of a feather.
i think these will be branches:
good catch. i have updated the gist and tested the changes. each of gemfile works.
i'm surprised not many people reacted to this
actually i change my answer to this.
fuck the giants no g
if ya team 0-2 against us the super bowl don't @ me
well us bi poly people can. the rest of y'all should be ashamed
bi-poly pride! \(^_^)/ yay!
really digging the medieval festival i randomly found myself a part of.
like i'm about to watch jousting. i'm all about it.
hillary clinton gets it: "black girl magic is real" via
the hand that rocks the cradle rules the world.
they all do exactly the same thing with minuscule differences in operational aspects.
it's like two dudes jerking off with opposite side hands and arguing with each other that their hand is better.
lost my glasses fuck!!!!
time yous get home??
the card game alone
interesting choice
don't know if it was intentional, but i don't have a problem with fister plunking a guy after m's kept stepping out to disrupt his rhythm.
agreed. guys should be dusted more often, honestly
right, central planning with zero input from community would be so much better.
community input on zoning and by-right permitting aren't mutually exclusive.
this is a spectacular collection of cmc memorabilia thanks for the fitnpetite24...
need an online store soon! i can't wait another year to buy a hoodie! lol
did you know was born last week? i cant believe it!!
ahhhh!!!n omg omg
where u at?
sugar pine state park, west lake tahoe. former olympic cross country trails
happy to say will have a new little viewer in december. and i'll have my hands full!!
congrats - welcome to the club!!!!!
thanks, satellite radio, for reminding me about rhinoceros. sturdy r'n'r band, they were.
- also a good song by smashing pumpkins
happy birthday lauren!! english was fun last year and will be this year, hope you have a great day
thanks lauren! looking forward to it haha
stoked to see so many friends tonight at in greenpoint! doors 7 pm, some tix still available at the door
what time do you guys play tonight?
found sesamo!
whoop whoop! hope it's delish
funny, was building mixed java scala project while reading your tweet :)
send your cv to twitter, now.
didn't nicki minaj bail out her rapist brother?
no. she did not. her mother did.
i agree. now, dc is the new sleepy hollow.
a perfect playground for the horseman!
today's highlight horse quidura found very room late but produced a strong late kick to prove best. decent price at 5:1.
comgratulations two days in a row.
keep the faith brentwood &amp;nisa
this was dope!
condolences?
warmest regards? best wishes? it's all so painfully bizarre bc he's incapable of caring @ anything not @ him
hmmmmmmm lets check in on how that sf real estate market is doing
that studio is bigger and cheaper than my place, what's wrong with it :p (skeleton infestation seems non-dealbreaker)
let's check in on 2016's breakthrough team!
its strategy. they're lulling the chargers into an early lead so they can blow it again
they the bomb.
literally....
not the game we all expected, but a giants win nonetheless. eli was clutch, cruz looks like his old self, defense and mcadoo were great. 2-0
agree on everything but mcadoo being great. up and down. coulda aired it out all game. some rookie hc calls.
second microbe panel of the day! this time in a packed law room with &amp; at
lol " may be here to make you feel warm &amp; cuddly about microbes. i'm here to freak you out!" says
are they an nfl team?
houston better... university of houston
giants are idiots if they try anything but 2 kneels and a fg
it was like i was watching a professional football team. weird
i'm so glad we got to meet! i hope it happens again soon. thank you!
yes yes absolutely!
do certain ppl ever think "man, i'm in the middle of a lot of drama, maybe it's me" ? no? no one? -_-
ugh tell me about wayyyyyyy too much to go into here. just know drama. lol
hi darren. not quite with things today. hope you had a blessed sunday
hey jon. hope you're ok. buddy. thanks my friend. enjoy your day :-)
but the reason why i'm excited is coz i get to go to work tomorrow morning. i just love my job man. it's too good to be true!
the people i work with are all 40+ in age &amp; i'm just a 24 year old project manager. yet they treat me as an equal &amp; always look out for me!
wrong! he had a solid game! he threw those picks at the end trying to make something happen. i don't like our play calling!
agreed - he isn't trash ahmad. you see his accurate throws and being able to keep up with the defense
i agree. now, dc is the new sleepy hollow.
i'm sure they'll find their way home.
caption this pic! best one gets a follow...
i got two hands. one for the ball and one for the whatever.
sunday casserole program is back on. recipes accepted here.
i'm no chef, but i don't think that's supposed to be there
it's like two dudes jerking off with opposite side hands and arguing with each other that their hand is better.
"-the right one is the proper way to do it! -that's old news, you get more creative strokes with your left hand. everybody knows that."
nikita zaitzev has more toi for russia than erik karlsson has for sweden
how is zaitsev playing? or is he getting that time because there's no real alternative?
ahhhh!!!n omg omg
thank you!! !!!!!! ;o;
i'm michael westen
is wwe monday night raw nominated for something? that should be nominated for something.
peep my custom clothes now available at:
someone literally showed me this last night so i'm following you
cheering for the falcons is like welcoming disappointment
we're playing you!
threw 0 ints &amp; next 2 games look favorable. but who knows it's the nfl. also has thrown 0 tds. we need to run the ball better. back 2 basics
with our defense, every game is going to be a struggle. sf is gonna be very difficult.
"-the right one is the proper way to do it! -that's old news, you get more creative strokes with your left hand. everybody knows that."
this went off the rails so fast.
peyton's 'bad habit' at arabian whore party via
the girls are awesome too!
agreed. film critics helped me understand movies in different ways
me, too, and i think of someone like eddie trunk, whose mastery has opened me--a semi-metal fan--up to excellent metal groups.
what's the most embarrassing/devastating bug you created that ended up in production?
when i was an intern at i pushed a change to prod &amp; went to lunch. i got back &amp; was told i brought our servers down
giants and saints scoreless through first quarter. a defensive battle just like everyone expected
the over under was 54. either vegas got burned or bettors did.
need this for the man cave
searching for my man chair now dawg lmao
without posey this lineup feels naked lol
really no excuse for posey not to be in there. this is a critical game after last night's casaster.
if you are criticizing run game fair but overall good play calling..
yes game by game positive progression in all 3 phases. keep up the great work carl!
saturday night and i'm running 's vcheck in my homelab. it don't get more gangster than that!
you could not be more right about that mark
where's my playlist hoe.
smh i'll link u to my playlist i have really old songs on there and guilty pleasures so ..
what are you talking about? lol
did u not see the tweet before it
trump stumbles after surge in polls
trump is doing so awful, somehow he is leading in polls of co, nm, fl, oh. these polls must be fake.
prove me right
bortles just gets costed by his dogshit teammates
i'm still gonna do it though smh.
until you hungover hurting again
who's headed to conference? pearl's , gretchen bowker, &amp; john lockwood are there: booth 111
see you this evening
man, that one guy is *tiny*.
it's a girl. :-)
congrats fam well deserved go cras
thanks big bro
98% waning moon 9-17-16. stitched video in ice. zoom in on detail in flickr
something was really tripping me up about this pic. then i realized, it's flipped over the y axis, isn't it?
it was only 2 weeks ago when bailly was the best cb on the planet. same when januzaj was the best, macheda was the best, et al...typical.
seeing united in misery over the past 4 years is awsome. honestly didn't see it coming this early this season
it's retarded sitting him.
yeah bochy making bad decisions lately
sooo i'm watching i can do bad all by myself and my mom just pointed out that taraji is lip singing at the end
and now i feel dumb asf because i used to think that she was singing live on that part
the blair witch needs to relax. take a vacation. get a massage. maybe a prescription.
i have theories that the blair witch is not a witch
what about jeffrey archer in the same scene. is he more famous than rushdie?
not to me 15 yrs ago
"i am here to support you, as long as you support me." - justin tonight.
he's so precious i can't
can jaclyn be a sibling of her bf - matt amin
we got the picture evidence
for small projects if you refactor without a test you made end up just leaving the code broken for, idk, months
worst bug i ever shipped ( was due to a one line cleanup change i didn't think through
so between casse/pletcher/brown... do 3 trainers have like 50 percent of the thoroughbreds?
don't exaggerate -only 48%.
this is a very confusing paragraph.
so many numbers!
thanks jesse. truly appreciate the support!
my wife and i love you guys. i think i've seen every video . you guys are fantastic.
the people i work with are all 40+ in age &amp; i'm just a 24 year old project manager. yet they treat me as an equal &amp; always look out for me!
as much as i love mumbai, my work means the world to me. the dream is to bring the same work culture to india &amp; make india great again!
what red carpet coverage is everyone gonna watch? e! or something else?
i'm watching through abc's app
i also enjoy and it is interesting but why a 30min non java session at a java keynote?
i'm not close to but i'm enjoying cause i like the space exploration subject. but i guess that it used somewhere
what about jeffrey archer in the same scene. is he more famous than rushdie?
and yes i get the joke :)
yes but the last part?
you guys be chattin w/o me
it's fun being greedy
i like to think of it that it's fun sharing. ^_^
i'm really loving watching reruns of again! growing up wasn't crazy over it, but now i really like it!
it's an awesome series sis v.
zeke elliott's two fumbles should not be overlooked
agreed. it will give the coaches good reason to ride his ass all week.
i have loved this drumming for a long time and now i know where it comes from. corn rows and track jackets.
never did corn rows, but i'll dig up the pictures of my '90s hair...
this is a real problem. a president, for reasons of safety and national security, can't get ahead of the facts:
how can anyone use the word facts and trump in the same sentence
i regret not seeing it when its origins were still in question.
i was completely unnerved by the last shot. just thinking about can still make shudder all these years later.
why i'm proudly voting for hillary clinton, not just against donald trump
thx for sharing
omg that is literally my dream
it was so good i don't want to leave tomorrow
go to home page i m sure you find engagment with the title : the black pope on wordpress
&amp;blackpoperhandin hand
i wasn't invited til like 3 minutes before everyone left lol
literally told you last night
pathetic! how can this news network be taken seriously? the hyperbole is thick!
this was a act 4 public on 9-11 2 take off the focus hrc. she destroyed her phone &amp; insulted americans
rbi , drawing first blood! here we go !
that rbi sparked a 9-0 rally in the 3rd inning! time to close this thing out!
an app for sharing photos with friends - the new york times
what's fascinating is most social really does have the metrics instantly
drop to 2nd wc spot and if they lose today, cards are only 1 gb.. but don't play with any urgency guys! it's cool!
and don't put your best hitter in the lineup, bruce, that's ok too!
not normal behavior for major-party nominee to talk this way about respected public servant for r and d presidents
poor can't get a moment away from the baby.
gets the art of the possible out there. isn't that preferable to keeping it closed? //
nope. there are now thousands of forks, no source of truth, it retarded log sw dev by about 5 years.
what can i say, i'm a strong independent woman who don't need no man
this belongs in patrick's tweet hall of fame! ?
really no excuse for posey not to be in there. this is a critical game after last night's casaster.
we all agreed
i see your giants are in another nailbiter
i was napping sis s. unfortunately i missed it.
trump worshipers refuse to take a hard look at their candidate! or maybe they r just not capable of that process.
they've all spent decade(s) ingesting the anti-fact foxnews so their reality forcefield is strong.
just heard that they brought in sod over the heavy-infill crumb rubber turf in atlanta. (1/2)
sometimes that's the right move, sometimes not. in this case given the reputation of that turf, i support it. hope it performs. (2/2)
but i need this dress
is it even a dress?
another big mouth toothless tiger that has never took a real punch in the face. bye boy!!! voting hillary rodham clinton
sounds like you've taken a few punches!
totally legit
true i always only refer to people by their relationship to me
thank you so very much for your sharing and support. i truly appreciate it. hugs.
xoxo and keep up the amazing work you do for the community.
it's all good in the hood. i know that some people will like it much more than us. i was pretty freaked out with that tunnel scene.
the tunnel scene just made me grin ear-to-ear. i was like,"i see what you're doing... and i like it!"
kirk cousins is not a franchise qb though
he's better than average. dak could be special.
trump criticizes flint pastor - but misstates key facts about their encounter
detroit &amp; flint appearances part of fake outreach to make suburanites think he's not racist.
um okay what where is this what do u do
sullivan county spca !!!
you guys be chattin w/o me
like i wanna be part of the friendship i created, this is an intimate friendship we got going on ok
hi friends id love to come get drunk too
but you were too scared to even take a sip from libbys drink
i love anderson cooper. he's sexy. and he gets the answers most of the time!
he's very smart. he also knows how to follow up.
millennials are going to get trump elected. dumb buttheads.
at least we can also call them mysogynists.
this could not have been a more frustrating eli manning fantasy performance.
good thing i had him on the bench
as much as i love mumbai, my work means the world to me. the dream is to bring the same work culture to india &amp; make india great again!
and in order to achieve that if i have to be away from home for another couple of years, then be it... i won't stop till i get vgt to mumbai
and you should check out for free wrap around college admission advice.
know well! they do excellent work.
nope. there are now thousands of forks, no source of truth, it retarded log sw dev by about 5 years.
there's nothing interesting or new about the code. a blog post detailing what they did and why would have been better.
thank you dear darren i hope you have a happy and blessed sunday too my dear dear friend
you're very welcome dear kim. i hope the very same for you :-)
what happened to the cookies that trader joe's used to carry?
my daughter brought home something called aussie bites. have you tried them? amazing
so? we don't have to three way convo all the time?
all im sayin is that ya better not break up w me ok im in my bag ok
rt if you want your top to fuck you like your his little hoe
is that your favorite position?
/between tears antonio gates use to play basketball in college
people forget that
eh i'd put that up against a lil smaller of a band popularity wise
it's just what i prefer. one of the best albums that went unnoticed by the scene.
maybe toodles is being stingy.
and why are you watching the mmc, sir?
add d martin and d woodhead to the injury list this afternoon.
dmartin and jstew are my starting rbs
a touchdown. lol i hope you had a good reason for talking shit...? lol
i just asked dang lol. i been working all day lol
she really thought we went to vinyl room ahahahhaha
fuck you, you and warren lied to me! celene told me the truth!
omg look what happened when conner texted me congrats!!!!!!!
i like that he is congratulating you for getting a car wash lol
rba deputy governor plays in in-house band known as the gfc?!!!!!
love his awareness but the rba&amp;all 187 other central banks are still privately lord rothschild's 2 manage&amp;vaticanowns
so you support supression of free speech jackass? wake up
america needs to wake up and fight the islam hate and disrespect of american values. you're obviously the enemy. rip
bill belichick 9/18: 'good to win at home' watch:
did bb get a lollipop with that haircut?
phir kya kaha usne? did he call his gang? did they do inappropriate things to you?
no, they laughed and told me that it's a good day today. which probably meant that 'gtfo asshole.' and i obeyed.
excuse my face!
omg where u fet dat shirt
where's my head? did i not send you a zine bear?!?
you did but i immediately put it on my laptop the second upon opening the envelope
maybe toodles is being stingy.
also, my toodles theories would blow your mind.
smh lol when's the last time giants went to the playoffs ? you say this our year every season lol
i haven't that once in my life lol
that's not good though lol
bad on both ends...
if it's going to get a dedicated button, at least make it half width and have low power mode next to it.
this. still don't understand why low power mode isn't in control center.
i didn't believe it was real for a second, but i was willing to pretend it was. that's the key, i think.
i also thought austin powers was a documentary.
is night shift really deserving of this much real estate in control center? don't people who use it set it to auto?
yep. would love to be able to replace that button with a low-power-mode toggle.
is night shift really deserving of this much real estate in control center? don't people who use it set it to auto?
probably saving space for whatever major features 8 has.
there's nothing interesting or new about the code. a blog post detailing what they did and why would have been better.
or shit -- dump it on github, fine! but say upfront that it's a fork and will not be tracked or maintained!
me: okay, i'm meeting someone new. try not to come off too dramatic. also me:
oooh this is totally me too
you're "otherizing" muslim refugees just as christians once "otherized" jewish refugees. we're all equivalent.
good for you man! all these things need to be called out.
you are absolutely right. am i a weirdo to think having power sounds more scary than attractive?
i believe the 2008 onion headline was "black man accepts worst job in the world"
crazy maureen dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing , pretends she knows me well--wrong!
same with me ..wrong
fear not pats fans- if not for two third down penalties by o-line, woulda kept onslaught of going!
love football yes i understand the game i'm not ur typical girl!!
wats ur clan name or tag.. i wanna scout
i'm in a clan with some friends with low trophies
high jump skiing
actually nordic ski jumping. high jump skiing is more of an x-games thing.
"i'm so lucky to be sharing this with you; knowing that people support me + love me from around the world, with all the mistakes i've made."
hes the most precious thing in this world
hard to tell. but wouldn't surprise me -- kccx vwps had *some* weak vertical shear
student reported not seeing a funnel, but was pretty far east of reported touchdown as ian mentioned.
drove by a church sign that read "the christian life is not a playground it's a battleground"
just a tad bit aggressive
bitch get outttttt he has a girlfriend??? wow
i swearrrr! he dating a white girl :(
'beyond repair': trump, fmr. defense chief gates spar over foreign policy
gates worried trump "unprepared" for obama mess he and hilry were prime "advisers" and "listened" to by obama. pretty hysterical
skeletons aside, honestly it looks totally nice! but almost 0.5m + $450/hoa for a 500sq/ft studio in the loin is
hmm. true, the hoa probably pushes it back to being more expensive than mine. and yeah, right by geary &gt;.&lt;
you are so needy. and you are apart of the friendship.
i am very needy thank u for being attentive to me love u by
is there ca leg/precedence allowing students to sit during pledge of allegiance ?my child's teacher said standing req
there is! pls connect w/ peliasberg.org
and so far she is the best speaker! i hope she mentions java at least once, otherwise a complete filler
she didn't :( but i loved it still.
what's fascinating is most social really does have the metrics instantly
one piece just blows up. fb, insta, snap. pinterest not the case
the fact that you have theories about blows my mind. but go on . . .
tl:dr... von drake controls them all.
yeah, why take away the ability for medicare fraud &amp; overcharges of coverage, labs &amp; tests? i miss the good ole days!
medicare perpetrates its own fraud but it's disguised under fancy names
the average american watches over 5 hours of tv a day.
that just doesn't seem possible.
aj+ just won 's general excellence, tied with nyt. they said we have changed online news with our social format. so freaking proud.
nothing better than aj+ really great coverage &amp; all congrats well-deserved!!
he already knows about slavery but that's our personal history, i don't know if i want him to have to say that in front of other kids yet
read treaty of paris you'll find we have all been vatican slaves(they own our flesh)since then.check bcert 4 6digit #
they got it wrong. i can admit it. no fumble.
i think the 3rd quarter night of been a td too. oh well that's football
is the problem reliability or throughput
the problem is people asking me infinite questions instead of googling the answers :)
yep. wish i could've started him this week
there's next week against the saints
guys i just took down a pokmon gym and i don't even know what i'm doing. come to !!
go team mystic!
attacks that are politically or religiously motivated
who says it has to be about politics and religion? i think terrorism is acting with intentions 3 instil terror
you definitely could've beat me this week too
i know lmao. i was going back and forth all week. actually had coleman in for watkins dez over maclin and crowel over mathews
your precious
when she's old enough i'm stealing her
trump on releasing detailed medical records: "i have no problem in doing so!" he still hasn't released them.
trump...you can only fart so much before you $hit yourself!!
you definitely could've beat me this week too
just kept going back and forth and obviously i chose wrong lol
yeah. star diagonal does that. forgot to unflip before posting. here's both!
i was only looking at which side was shadowed and thought... that looks... waxing...
you're finally coming back tho it's been too long !
i have to go to uni on friday too, so we gotta have a good catch up
attacks that are politically or religiously motivated
* to instill terror ... mostly associated with politics and religion but not all the timr
what movie should i rent from amazon tonight? got a few $ on a gift card burning a hole in my pocket.
the wolfpack. crazy documentary.
appreciate the passion you guys show for the music...workin on gettin ya a lil somethin before the new full album comes out..
is this little fall tour gonna make it to cali and get this little fall tour bonus hmmmm?
things that are annoying: the fact that i can't search "ron stoppable" on tumblr without seeing so much cartoon porn
can't really search anything on tumblr without finding porn now though. :/
unfortunately for you, me, and the rule of law, hillary knows it's "good to be a clinton" -&gt;
lieiing cruz so you are a liar 1 thing trump told the truth about liar! liar!
wait i missed u bd? aww i didnt know sry, as t used to say here happy bidet :) wow 35, u are 1yr oldr than me :)
thanks! it was a pretty good day. 35 feels very, very old to me. :)
did you know that you can donate to tor, riseup, and eff through it's pretty awesome!
i'm very ignorant to tor. i always just think of it as the browser people use to do illicit stuff. why do you dig tor?
i have a niece who's very fond of it. why are you watching it?
my daughter ensures not a day goes by where i don't see at least 2 episodes.
cmon how can u tell from my own views? why is that import for the argument?
of course i can with a large percentage of confidence
made some wrong line up choices this week but slick rick might have it comin
no way rocks team is really that good as the first week. love the matchup
not always my friend. i've witnessed several cute black dudes with wtf white girls &amp; im confused
i have a theory about this. lol. u can tell which bm just want a girl that isnt "of color" and which just fell for a ww
am i the only one who thinks trump talks like a dictator.
no you are not alone. he's a tyrant.
the best free agent qb is josh freeman, i think? ryan lindley? not sure i even recognize other names on that list.
is garrett grayson available still?
lets go rams. win this game and make me money for next few weeks
lol the rams are trash haha
you can entertain and educate. good teachers have to do it everyday.
yeah, but look at how much good teachers are paid! :)
lmao typos is how you know
haha tbh i was to drunk
"i strongly condemn the apparent terrorist attacks in minnesota, new jersey, and new york."
kinda hard to condemn the attacks when you're the one that armed isis?
full flop: donald trump abandons obama birther conspiracy
, you can spit now.
is it just me, or does in look like ?
just need that white topi on his head.
while jimmy garoppolo is undergoing tests, the patriots know he won't play thursday night against the texans, per source.
who might they bring in? flynn? lindley?
that's great!very proud of her work. hope her fellowship is coming along well. best wishes for the rest of ur unga meetings sir
seems to be doing very well. thank you dear. looking forward to it. see you all when i get back &amp; tell jules good wrk.
i just wanna say i told you so
lmaoo i was too excited
merkel ally rttgen signed up to this idea of single market without free movement - a "continental partnership"
the issue is that this sort of an agreement will require unanimity and a significant minority will oppose it.
...which is a yield issue: hi yield = lo water/n effic. science - agronomy, soils, breeding (esp. legumes) - can break nexus.
not necessarily. it's the ratio of food delivered (not just yield) to inputs that i care about.
'beyond repair': trump, fmr. defense chief gates spar over foreign policy
you are beyond repair. you defense chief gates are a wicked cruel selfish man who will fall just as fast as you did to the wtc
grateful again for the love/support for the pod, in mix w big network pods, david to their goliath. a sincere thanks
you're the best. we miss you! congrats :)
did you see my hof induction vid?
: yes, i even gave it a like. :)
lovely! he looks like a snake plant!
he looks like he's in camo. a guerrilla moth!
some of these libs are hilarious. they seem to think someone "accidentally" wired the cooker.
intentionally? who intentionally makes weapons to hurt people. it's an act of terrorism
unfortunately for you, me, and the rule of law, hillary knows it's "good to be a clinton" -&gt;
that looks like ur wife !!
"we just need a congress that works as hard as you do" - in his weekly address to the american people:
should not a violation of constitutional law be decided by the current scotus in a national emergency?
nlf denies the news. oh well, maybe next life
nlf? lmfao maybe in the "next" life you won't be illiterate
live on : hanging with the founder of ... in santa monica, ca
nice to see you, nice artwork, good cause, nice bro. but i would suggest he loose the headgear. bandanna head? no thank you :)
faithful in the carolinas
thank you for having our back from the east side.
smith getting burnt again
kevin harlan just roasted the life out of him lol
i'm saying what the general trend is. not using a single anecdote. this is illustrative.
what's your source?
has the governor been in a coma for five years? that might explain it.
they all think they can con the rest of us as they have their supporters!
veterans in ohio: it is literally up to you. get everybody you know and take them to polls vote for
yeah he'll be good for vets but the rest of the country and inevitably the world loses
by the way, do we have trump's college transcripts? were good grades why they let him transfer to penn from fordham?
lotta things we dont hav:obama law review articles,comey connex to cf. oh well...
he already knows about slavery but that's our personal history, i don't know if i want him to have to say that in front of other kids yet
the(usually red)6 digit number is our cusip# and they've traded your 6m"birth bond"since you were 7.blk,wht,brn&amp;yello
yes you are amazing!!
thank you love
cowboys have chance to run off three game win streak with the bears and 49ers up next 2 weeks
with dallas' defense, nothing is a certainty. i can see cutler shredding them next week.
agreed it's a great read. but it's highly unlikely changes of this magnitude will happen so fast.
yes, i do think it will be gradual, steve. the big unknowns are pace of regulatory change, cultural acceptance.
a dynamic that quickly turns into helplessness and despair.
exactly what he was getting at.
sept. 25..... foot to neck ...
did you get banks and east in a record for the culture??
help us, jesus. please. mike pence says his role model for vice president is dick cheney - abc news (via )
______________________are you kidding? ________________jesus is pence's main advisor.
norton needs his ass whupped, man.
him and sean smith.
hey carole, david made cardboard david squishy face last night. i'm dying laughing.
he makes that face when he really feels the music!!! lol
or the crack can be fixed the gem went from green to black
he's back from the box, so maybe it's re-enchanted itself!
glad to hear!
thanks dom!
dude. i'm a jets fan. come on w the pessimism.
just please don't buy any jets merch, since it seems like that'll support . hell at least both are prone to fumble
"hey randy, how was your lunch?" good. "that's good because it was your last!"
come to think of it... i think that was the summer told me i should get fired at least once in my life.
cant wait to watch the raiders loose
don't talk smack bout them lol it's a w
voting hillary rodham clinton scare crow!!!!
you go right ahead little bo sheep
nor did she call for banning people from one of the world's largest religions from entering this nation.
or any other outrageous idea! the wall, splitting up families and deporting millions of people.
hey, that's not cool! could you try reinstalling spotify using these steps: let us know how it goes :) /bd
i reinstalled, and now all the app does is blink on and off like a strobe light. totally unusable. only happening on my ipad.
i've only had 2 can't i just b nice
had no hard drinks since the 90s don't care if my boss is reading this or not
wait! edited 's comments? are you shocked? no? didn't think so. |
not shocked at all-they work for her.
strange election where the running mates are peacemakers rather than attack dogs.
e.g.says cheney is his role model
74f, sunny, pacific heights apple weather says 84-and in the sun, i say my watch is correct.
that app does our microclimates? better then mr. chilly?
evidence of trump's hatred, dishonesty, lack of intelligence, poor temperament, and unfitness are everywhere, .
we have the most accomplished person to ever run for potus against a sociopath, and it's close? misogyny is a beast
same thing happened to me last year. i started 0-5 but still made the playoffs
i'm not too worried, still early and i have a good team just have to figure out everybody.
no! so disappointed that i had to leave early. heading to speak at &amp; . we can plan a skype session?
that would be fantstic!! let me know if/when you have time this week
what's the funniest thing you've been blocked on social for?
rt what's the funniest thing you've been blocked on social for?
just please don't buy any jets merch, since it seems like that'll support . hell at least both are prone to fumble
sorry, cheap shot
one back at you
y'all got that....
cmon how can u tell from my own views? why is that import for the argument?
it is important in the sense that u r surrounded by ppl who r as blind as u r&amp; i am the fresh air
she's done. why would the guy ask if cameraman was filming for law enforcement purposes? some kind of freudian slip?
no doubt! 100% shady! clinton and all surrounding her = scum
i defy you not to hear josh lyman's voice making use of the word 'deplorable' in a peevish bit of west wing dialog.
a word oft echoed in the halls and debate podia at cornell university:
can anyone help me on ? idgi i'm like really confused and idk if i'm just psyching myself out but i'm lost
nvm im so lame i already solved &amp; it's the same type of problem
yeah no it's not like i wanted to do anything this weekend and that's why i've been asking specifically for time to do stuff yeah no
yeah go ahead give me literally every task ever regardless of the fact that today is my only real time to celebrate my birthday w/ friends
:''''''''))))) i luv dis song tho forreal
it's really good! i listened to it after you posted about it and
lowest i seen was 350
it's getting outta hand b
suey park joins baader-meinhof? has to be a hoax.
sjw nonsense is performance and pouting. it lacks the violence &amp; millenarian component to go terrorist.
you know it. let me know who actually did 10 questions a day???
i've done maybe 10 questions in total
this nigga going to hell i swear lmaoooooo
ndid760.com
hey i did spx and i only spent a little bit more than my budget, a triumph
this is a triumph. i'm making a note here: huge success
the minnesota stabber: islamic state says mall stabbing carried out by 'soldier' via
. itwouldbasighthatleavesno doubtweratwar
yeah, why take away the ability for medicare fraud &amp; overcharges of coverage, labs &amp; tests? i miss the good ole days!
as far as totalitarian take over , yes it escalated under obama but began with the inception of medicare under johnson
you can call us aaron burr by the way we're dropping hamiltons
now we're parked in our seats, movie trivia's the illest
running any specials on national cheeseburger day?
keep an eye out for exciting things happening next week!
yeah go ahead give me literally every task ever regardless of the fact that today is my only real time to celebrate my birthday w/ friends
most of them are unavailable as it is so it's not a big deal at all!!!
white saturday
thanks for the retweet!
i defy you not to hear josh lyman's voice making use of the word 'deplorable' in a peevish bit of west wing dialog.
a word oft echoed in the halls and from debate podia at cornell university:
routine falsehoods, unfounded claims &amp; inflammatory, racially -tinged language this is campaign
is piece in the actual newspaper?
i haven't looked at the national stats. in nyc, blacks are 25% &amp; commit 50% of the rapes, whites are 45% &amp; commit 9%.
stats in nyc will be massively biased by the demonstrated racist bias in nypd stop &amp; frisk.
mr. giordano, the fec has some questions about a $15,000 fee you paid to a "leather jacket consultant"
the consultant
some lady brought a voice slip with emily's name on it and i got sad for a minute
i miss working with my bf
why is antonio only scoring 3 points for me right now??????
too bad ppr isn't on huh
just feels like the bills leaks really are reaching especially when your defense's dropoff was much worse stats wisem
i think rex/roman just didn't get along. i also think roman was kind of put on rex by others.
you know there is a musicology study called street corners...where they record different corners and you can guess where it is
now i wish i was in nashville
you are right. would be over 2 hours late for that 3am call. was on the ball.
a kneejerk reaction like his will get us in wwiii, when will his followers realize he doesn't care for any of us
she's a giants fan?!?!? that's weird.
no 88 she's smart
lol tim you're the best
lmao, i'll just be in my room painting humorless scold things
american football it's called "foot"ball but they only really use there hands it's called foot"ball" but they don't really use a ball
i've been thinking about this for so long
yeah - not many brands have a visual identity that's strong enough for this
i've no idea what it's acheiving. seems like a vanity play.
yoo shuda used lyft, it's 50% off for like 10 rides till the 23rd
i don't like lyft as much and i've used them before so i can't use their codes
if i had a sister she's have more class than you though
yeah man. shed b so classy shed b teaching every guy how to behave
is cnn trying to challenge people magazine or msnbc with this? "how the cool kids are voting?" so immature.
isn't this ?
in a tuff one dy
on the board
i am conducting research for a project that i'm working on. if you are available please click on the link:
this is a survey on the future of medical and transportation.
oh, well you learn something every day, i thought (from previous javaone confs) that java was on mars ... pesky marketing people!
this keynote that is not is still better than 2015's keynote :-)
cnn's promotion for the first debate just used the voice one would expect for a boxing match. this is not helping, cnn. civility, please!
professionalism even would be a good start.
if this were about her, i'd be all ears.
i understand you are given a script to read and for that i forgive you....
must see: donald trump speech in ohio on the economy
i'm a 100% disabled submarine veteran. i don't get this fascination with bankruptcy export jobs specialist idiot
same dude like its such a different type of love !! no one no one can ever take the love we have for our dads !
yes exactly!!
is the new face of the cowboys
romo's days are numbered.
poll: who do you trust to do a better job on the economy?
you gotta be kidding - trump!
should intervene in balochistan 2 give another surrender chnce 2 coward pak army. surrendering and bowing head is norms of pak.
i don't think that's a good idea at all
chargers are taking jaguars to the wood-shed. 21-0
3 man rush on 3rd and 3 from 11yds from end zone and we give up the draw play. so bad.
stats in nyc will be massively biased by the demonstrated racist bias in nypd stop &amp; frisk.
how would cops determine you committed a rape by frisking you?
congrats on a hop is up! only wish bunny's staycation was coming out like...next week!
thank you, amy! bunny is a special book, can't wait to share!
talking trump on today:
doesn't seem erin is a trump hater. should hire you =)
i'm seeing her a lil less than an hour
there's so much traffic i might be late
question from presenter to : do you track social data about suffering? (cc )
yes, several different datasets. here's one.
...fuck man.. our d is struggling once again.. y they pay all that money for
plenty of time to win..but shits gotta improve n now
omg raiders are truly ass blood
you bumped your head lmao
is night shift really deserving of this much real estate in control center? don't people who use it set it to auto?
you know what could go there? audio player buttons. just... just spitballing here.
there you go texas white extremist
you made the threat racist pig. so save the spin.
the average american watches over 5 hours of tv a day.
live tv? something seems off...
hatred of lawyers runs deep in sf
self-hating lawyers, mostly
proving what? you want him to protect you fm black guys? i took karate, broke a black guys toe
"protect from blk guys" thats the most racist thing ive ever heard, despicable, im blk btw
sometimes life blindsides you and shatters your heart. gotta keep going, though.
sending you good vibes!
i had lost air in the rr &amp; had 2 slow, stacked those guys up and that is the resulting contact.
damn! that's a tough start! glad no one hit you when you were facing the wrong way!
ready for monday night?
i'm pumped. excited to see if carson can do again what he did against the browns. also like our d against their turnover prone o
you and me both! what happened?
phone mishap. felt lost and empty.
i love this o!! did see much last year! it really makes d better when they get rest!!!
they're clicking on all cylinders so far...except for that missed field goal lol.
hillary clinton, on her campaign plane, responds to explosion in nyc
she looks like she wants to go to sleep.
the last cookie. what else did you think?
wait, who's playing the cookie game? &lt;_&lt;
ice cream? ok
lemme go w you (i know i can't but i'll eat ice cream all day)
9 year old kid in china spent nearly $6,000 on in app purchases in a mobile game over a 16 day period.
i hope he prepared his inbox.
this is what you write on the pad first. then you cross it out and try again.
"launching an intelligence surge"
12 year olds at my old job used to think they were pregnant like every week. times are just different.
this shit is shocking. i have a 12 year old sister so i be like yo what are these children on?
his number now are best in some time, thanks in part to two unpopular nominees! you've seen the surveys.
press has taken lead from judicial watch and other rightists for 25 years. no wonder she's unpopular
that app does our microclimates? better then mr. chilly?
i'd say it's on par with mr. chilly, but i still use the latter to plan ocean beach trips.
gosh wouldn't it just be like the worst if obama felt like voters were personally insulting him
consider yourself insulted!
and...back down to earth for the .
yep, palmer has all day to throw the ball. zero pressure
ur the basic one(:
facts my face is buried in my phone lol
thank you so much!! i felt so pretty you did amazing!!
so glad you liked it!! you're killin' the game.
goodness gracious i love football season with my lucky
looking super butch and turning me on handsome
did anyone else hear what brilliant did about referring to clinton as "crooked hillary" on the air?
please share ... i didnt get my fill of stupidity for the day
breaking: fox news reporting that nj and nyc bomber are the same (arab-looking) person!
probably hired by soros &amp; obama
time away was fun! needed that. time to turn on the machines!!
welcome back. let's get them tomorrow.
i'd say it's on par with mr. chilly, but i still use the latter to plan ocean beach trips.
appreciate the info homie
".....batty boi...!"
lol the way he said it..dead funny
how would cops determine you committed a rape by frisking you?
point is we already know the nypd has a massive racist bias. we have no idea how deeply &amp; broadly it extends.
come to think of it... i think that was the summer told me i should get fired at least once in my life.
sucking at pool wasn't a firing offense.
nah not terrorism because lots of people work together on bombings for the hell of it
yeah...and someone bar deblasio from getting in front of a tv camera
. is one who should really drop out. all her votes are from clinton. libertarians draw from djt too.
none of steins votes r from clitnon. she doesn't own our votes, nor would any of us have voted for corrupt warmonger hillary anyway
secondary is garbage
pass rush ain't there either rn
it's not like there haven't been warning signals, right? for 20 years, maybe?
sure the warning signs have been there but the cohesiveness as an industry hasn't.
well . . . hmmmm . . i'm not in the process of writing a book! but who knows ;)
that is quite okay! just keeping enjoying life and writing beautiful poetry! let it happen organically.
it's always "far right" when they want immigration controls: "angela merkel damaged as german far-right surges"
&amp;destructiononthemselves.
if anyone needs a presale code for ariana tickets i have 2 i'm not using
can i have one please? thank you for being so generous!
the dictionary says so . would you class a white man on a killing rampage terror ?
of course that is terrorizing lol terrorism is the word terror with a suffex
uh oh this imam from the religion of peace appears to be
lol is the punching bag of twitter! our useful idiot!
oh if only i could sing!
lip sync, dance, up to you
well this would be easier, yes.
keeps the work coming
bruh hopped in the mosh pit just to beat up white people. he probably don't even like rock music
that spinning heel kick tho
i'm the only nominee at the wearing this right now!
are you presenting for best costume design?
gotta support the team.
happy to siri got your butt... uh back!
old, late : &amp; entire team
belatedly -
not really 14-0
don't sleep on the jags
i had planned to do some 8x10 street photography on ektra. 50 mph breeze ended that
i don't think 50mph is considering a breeze....
do you suffer from election stress disorder? your campaign obsession is part of a psychological epidemic
now it's, "don't pay to close attention to the , it might hurt your eyes."
sure! i've got my eye on the white tripod bowl.
i love it too. i need to start making more of them.
awesome! if weighting by party registration, how do you know if in one election, one party's voters are more likely? lv filter?
there's an lv section in there
i live 4 blocks frm ground zero. once again,the farther away frm attacks on us,the more fearful ppl get.
yr in more danger on hiway in yr motorhome than we frm terrorism.nyers dont terrify. suck it up.nos da.
isn't it so freaking good???
yeah it's phenomenal
heh, not faster, but lighter (psychologically) with cruft removed, and a "default deny" approach to re-cluttering.
hehe, good default
this makes my heart so happy.
true sports love..orange blue and happy
oooh how did it go!?!
it's been very inspiring! great to see so much energy and thought put into educating children for the future!
drafting out halloween sona, i guess? i don't know a thing about wings
wing hands!!!!! wing hands !!!! !!!! !
it's not like there haven't been warning signals, right? for 20 years, maybe?
slots era has created an everyman for himself mentality.
haven't even bothered to see suicide squad. i had high hopes for it but just couldn't face the disappointment
bro don't even bother, i was dying for it to be over after the first half hour.
dual camera switches very smoothly between 1.9x and 2.0 - if a video you can see the colors etc. flash/shift but overall pretty seamless
can't wait till mine comes in two and a half years from now
new website effort to recall mayor, because of police corruption, housing crisis, etc.
if quan, who was the first mayor to lose a second term bid in 117 years, couldn't be recalled, this is futile posturing.
woke 4 soundcheck. smiling on the inside
how are you so cute
point is we already know the nypd has a massive racist bias. we have no idea how deeply &amp; broadly it extends.
so, tons of black and latino are getting raped by white men and report someone of a different race?
the dictionary says so . would you class a white man on a killing rampage terror ?
any man or woman can cause terror.... when they do it, almost religiously it terrorism
did anyone else hear what brilliant did about referring to clinton as "crooked hillary" on the air?
im about to get shivers from stupidity withdrawal as trump is in the colorado mountains
to find hillary clinton likable, we must learn to view women as complex beings
a bonafide dreamer. the only student to deliver a commencement speech. the high school motto i'd written, puny by comparison.
but has outlook fixed the problem of not being able to edit events?
you can edit any event created in outlook
. is one who should really drop out. all her votes are from clinton. libertarians draw from djt too.
part of why hillary is losing is narcissistic supporters like you can't conceive people could reject hillary for her own awfulness
what alex said
absolutely loved your movie (and texted my mom as soon as i landed)
point is we already know the nypd has a massive racist bias. we have no idea how deeply &amp; broadly it extends.
so, tons of black and latino women are getting raped by white men and report someone of a different race?
omg speaks publicly about dating orlando bloom for the first time and has a confession
i won't tell if u don't tell katy ps same here - michelle won't let me
i mean i'm sure to every person who comes along, you do this . . .
no, but i do start proxy wars at work.
go wrestle or something
for the wee ?
civil war is soooooo fucking good
yeah man i was surprised how much i enjoyed it... i think after seeing suicide squad it was a relief to see a well made movie lol
but now the feature accretion process begins anew :)
sounds like my iphone... i *really* need to purge the cluttered little bugger ;^}
i really appreciate everyone who has commented and reached out to me after i made this announcement.
didn't see this before, congrats!
sjw nonsense is performance and pouting. it lacks the violence &amp; millenarian component to go terrorist.
that's why you should question fears of intersectional folks going after cops. the ones who have were right-wing moorish sovereigns.
stop y'all ain't been to playoffs since i was elementary school so that was a understatement i'm talkin bout butterfingers
and? falcons never won a championship. ever. we could talk about the past all day.... and jones fuvked up its g tho
personally i'd be thrilled to buy a place from da share z0ne
better make sure to check your credit first motherfuckers
10 reasons guys love going down on you
reson you're one step closer the the finish line!
i'm at the coffee shop and this total babe with broad shoulders was sitting at the table next to me then she moved to my table !!!!!!!1!!!!1
i need updates.
we're so excited to be isv excellence award winner of the year!
you deserve it!
s/o to the iphone 7 the only logical reason for making it water resistant...
you think it's a ploy to sabotage the rice industry?
i was blessed without the fear of heights
where i'd rather be rn :(
thanks for asking. i really appreciate that.
well you brought it up lol
for protecting privacy
do you use it for all browsing? i just assume google &amp; facebook already know everything about me.
ideal? necessary
ideal as in ideal alignment. i actually prefer 1 or 2 other alignments.
well done :)
thanks peter :)
what the hell just happened on that int?!
hamstring? your dbacks are cursed man
the racist turd is using a rly ugly avi of obama. he could've used a better one. can't get any racist than that
could be humor. his views r blindly democrat and democrat alone.
is night shift really deserving of this much real estate in control center? don't people who use it set it to auto?
yeah, have it on auto. have never set it manually.
we won again huh?
your qb looked fine!!
belatedly -
i'm doin by memory...can't remember all those who have touched me...but you know who you are... to everyone!!
no one can talk about losing unless you're a fan.. suffering on sunday
try being in the same division as the patriots???
bill weld is a sane human being. it's silly to compare him to jill stein.
jill stein is a harvard educated physician and far more sane than corrupt, sickly, incompetent warmonger hillary. not even close
i can't wait until the day i actually do music supervision for a film
interest in doing it for tv too?
is he really under audit?
i don't think he has proved he is under audit. i am hoping fot (fearoftrump) drives voters sane.
29 injuries according to nypd commissioner
how is it a english news gets the news before u?911 caller 'threatened more explosions immediately after ny blast'
is night shift really deserving of this much real estate in control center? don't people who use it set it to auto?
maybe a year to teach the feature and then minimize
news alert: law enforcement source says ny and nj explosive devices from "same person."
he or she will be a terrorist... home grown or imported....same thing
my first time having beavertails! omg, delicious! ...
there's a great truck that makes them at harbor side in st. john's; we brought some in for the folks at erin's
when you finally feel awake and alive after napping but realize it's 10:30pm here in london
good thing its 5:30pm in america go get a drink.
how to talk to your kids about sex, race, and death: this american life at its very best. just about perfect.
you will cry in the third act. you have been warned. but it's so worth it.
gosh wouldn't it just be like the worst if obama felt like voters were personally insulting him
outrageous, and a clear lunge for the panic button
statistics in rape, sexual harassment r so complex. shumer's pronouncement = irresponsible.
exactly. it's true, but she shouldn't have said it.
playing music w/ and + friends this friday in la !!!
then djing mansion bday party in hollywood
right front trouble for michael mcdowell brings out the yellow!
he got right off. why the caution?
saw that dude. shitty deal, great effort though.
thanks brother
i don't think me and brooklyn get along after that bulto
still waiting on the weed bro... lmao
coding through ssh?
nope. there's more not in the photo
preferably local. something with a nice ambiance
where's that black owned spot again.
allow me to summarize all religion for you: don't be a dick.
tell that to everyone: don't be a dick.
we're sorry to hear this, gunnar. is there anything we can assist you with today? ^ty
thanks . a free gate at sfo would help. just landed and parking somewhere out. ua2065.
ok just finished the episode i think season 6 and season 3 are connected??? roanoke people were mentioned in season 3 i recall
season 1! i am pretty sure. when violet is trying to burn chad's ring
saw that dude. shitty deal, great effort though.
thanks brother
scarlett johansson fell and it became the best meme ever
hillary's fall beats her by a mile!
white males are responding and no one else....typical
i find you quite engaging politics aside
so, tons of black and latino women are getting raped by white men and report someone of a different race?
let's start with shumer doesn't know wtf she's talking about.
not once, not once did birtherism come out of hillarys mouth, not one damn time! trump is the birtherism maniac! hes a coward!
you got that right
no one's brave enough to say it, but i am. brooklyn suxxxxxxxxxxxxx
which brooklyn you in? there's 2.59 million brooklyns.
playing music w/ and + friends this friday in la !!!
then me and djing mansion bday party in hollywood same night
i miss my mf wife . i haven't talked to her inaa long ass time .
u never txt me
let me know how you like these!
i'm not an "audiophile" so i'm a bad person to judge, but they sound fine according to my basic ears.
hey teresa, thanks for following me here too. just know since it's my personal page i don't always hold back! ;-)
you are welcome and don't worry about it. trust me i don't get offended easily!
everyone keeps asking me how i feel now that the album is out &amp; the answer is balanced &amp; focused on the next ting !
glad to hear!
we should meet up! former ogilvy now i work w/ at brand usa.
i would love that! send me a dm with your number and we'll catch up.
i'll hit you tomorrow around 5 am your time haha
lmao fuck i'll try to wake up that time, what store had them?
i never "wait for it"
life doesn't discriminate gus, but it takes and it takes and it takes and it takes
yeah but did i miss the term "java" in the talk ;) ?
i don't think it was about java, made it clear in the beginning :)
pope francis urges all unite in peace prayers
maybe he should ta;k to his buddy obama who gave him $75 mill to sympathize w isis jerk
i think it's a ploy to see just how ignorant the human race can become... but
no that's been in action since the beginning l
millenials who vote for stein instead of hrc will have to answer to their peers who suffer directly from a dt prez: dreamers, etc.
yeah, threats are really going to do it. if trump wins, its because hillbots like you rejected sanders who polled better v. trump
clinton birthed birthers: 2 clinton supporters in '08 reportedly shared obama 'birther' story
yup. now tryin to blame trump
i'm such a romantic.
that took many turns in one short note!!
you should work for the nsa since you are so on top of things.
way more on top of it than you realize. i also don't just jump to conclusions. i do research.
brilliant in a good way
goal celebration injury
thanks . a free gate at sfo would help. just landed and parking somewhere out. ua2065.
at least i'm in san francisco now.
she moved away to plug in her phone
it means something if she comes back though
gotta be honest, i think it's kinda a bummer that mama bear and papa bear don't sleep in the same bed anymore.
disgusted at the lack of faves on this, this is a solid gold tweet
good speech this am. she didn't fall down once. yet. today.
. why turn to the dark side. your civility morphed under the trump "otherness"
if this is an accurate account, not an exaggeration to call an enemy of freedom.
at least she can go to
congress must act to stop president obama's internet giveaway:
you really needed to stop trump!#! from hijacking ur party talk about weak. weak is the republicans
dowd - trump synergy is off the charts today...
the definition of weird. and still she slashes hrc.
i said brunch!!! haha we don't have dinner plans
welp i still woke up too late
it's for research tho
that's what i keep telling myself
world leaders to focus on refugee crisis and syria at 71st general assembly.
our president should just say no!!!
how long you want the video? minutes??
anything you want make it your own
a-rod unbenchable!
i didn't have a good match up going in so it was either do something crazy or just resign myself to not winning
just another big swinging (****) with a lot of money shooting his mouth off.
personally i am thankful for the patriotism of mark cuban to protect our country and the world from trump.
saying that old people eating alone makes you upset is so fucking rude. when my wrinkly ass self spends a day alone i hope no one is-
judging my life???? that they know nothing about???? stop being sad for old ppl for no reason its gross
europeans ask how walmart is... the best way i can describe it, is its a place you can blatantly scratch your balls and no one would care.
send them to people of walmart for the visuals. all you need...
isis supporters rush to celebrate the nyc explosion trump was right again
trump is right every time &amp; the dumba libs hate him for it
after more than a year of bashing trump, ted cruz supporter carly fiorina is finally aboard the
thank you carly for endorsing trump!
and its not even busy in here. smh.
should have made them remake it
he plays for the saints that's bigger that florida state
giants fans up here going crazy cause they won.
wow, guess more training is needed.
totally not cool
i hate being sick. somebody please kill me.
say no more
millenials who vote for stein instead of hrc will have to answer to their peers who suffer directly from a dt prez: dreamers, etc.
so, i guess you'd better be prepared to answer to your peers, according toy our bullying fascistic threat.
superxtar monthly contest starts sept 29! i gonna need your support!
you always have my *vote* henno! :-)
exactly. it's true, but she shouldn't have said it.
we don't know it's true cuz crime reporting &amp; witness/victim accounts r often inaccurate.
i like the subtle middle finger to all your followers.
glad you caught that!
well i doubt san antonio gives robinson up for someone who hasn't proven anything.
sa need a lot of help and would try to get more for robinson. if possible! she a starter but not on sa with jefferson.
you mean apps like ... ios? (confused look)
i mean apps like...delicious library 3! (which is updated for sierra.)
lol " may be here to make you feel warm &amp; cuddly about microbes. i'm here to freak you out!" says
ed &amp; carl highlight a really important aspect of the microbe world. our language of "good" &amp; "bad is inadequate to describe them
never realized that the last chapter of 's the end of history comes close to predicting trump's rise
telling ron howard he/us need get last man doc project off the ground. i mean, pronto.
he don't want to lol
he got a sack
i was wondering what happened to you lol
yep i woke up at my buddies place like
is there validated synonym cluster to capture different ways of describing suffering?big cultural variations in us
that would be very helpful. need to track full spectrum of terms
if this is true, i'm taking the gloves off. that's deep brooklyn, my home and heart.
that ain't craft beer, hipsteryuppie brooklyn. that's near where the train chase from french connection was filmed!
judging my life???? that they know nothing about???? stop being sad for old ppl for no reason its gross
its hard enough to eat in public alone. stop pushing weird assumptions onto strangers
fielding some serious anti-semitism from a supporter in my inbox right now. subject line: "kike"
deplorable doesn't begin to express how vile these people are.
loved the gifs from , then head over to to download them all!
can we get up on this too?
so does school size. smaller schools = more extracurricular opportunities = better life outcomes.
for my masters i argued about smaller class size and its importance but was told by my instructor it was not a factor.
you came at her for saying the n word but she's hispanic which is black so what was your point again?
wait , so non-blacks can't use it cause it's considered racist , but blacks can. so same-race racism is cool?
caption this pic! best one gets a follow...
"when people forgot how good i am so i have to reach back into time to show em!"
yeah, fish analogies are way worse than calling people rapists, moronical
they like to bully people but when they get bullied back they don't hmm
i'd rather see again over .
for the smile fact that i vibe more with &amp; than .
sure. but is that something he specifically and calculatingly understood or did it just happen to click?
very rarely are the most successful things in wrestling planned. most happen by accident.
today i called into to discuss yesterday's explosion in chelsea. listen to the interview here.
nothing like exploiting a minor act of firecrackers. my god. go back to albany.
hamstring? your dbacks are cursed man
it's almost impossible to have so many hurt at once lol. the 1 time they look like they'll make a big play?nope, my hamstring hurts
nice plug by on his docker for java developers book :) related worth watching:
it's a free book after all :)
you are getting very very literal with the word itself .
personally, when someone asks for a definition, it okay to be exact and allow them to manipulate &amp; simplify it
daily reminder that hillary suffered a brain injury so severe she used it as an excuse not to answer fbi questions.
brain injury and passing out cold...not good for president!
amazing how little you hear about a bombing in nyc when it seems unlikely to have been by a brown person
what bombing in new york?
when you have the opportunity to take a player you think is perceived as doing nothing to the final 2, why would you ever not do it?!
not doing so is called the law of cody
my pretty baby idk how i did it
awwww she's adorable! congrats!!
twitter uses machine learning to tweak the jvm! promising results....
check out twitter's talk on our ml and jvm research tomorrow (monday) afternoon by , and !
for my masters i argued about smaller class size and its importance but was told by my instructor it was not a factor.
hence my earnestness in tweeting this article.
i forget who, but a guy once dreamed about judging people's lives by their character and not their skin.
and then yall shot him
i literally can't tell paul rudd and tony romo apart
difference is paul rudd is a national treasure
the average elapsed time between you saying "i need to use be restroom" and your friend reaching for their phone is negative five seconds
see if you can find the typo in this tweet
very rarely are the most successful things in wrestling planned. most happen by accident.
pushed might be planned, but success isn't.
the are going to have a moment of silence for my tv career.
lotta likes. not a lot of retweets. how much do retweets cost? just saying?
they're the worst
like wtf is their deal even, why do people keep putting their content there?!
i live new york city. when i was dreaming about this my senior year of hs, i thought i gave up on it when i turned down admission at tisch.
but i'm actually here. this is incredible. it's all kind of hitting me now. it's gonna be so hard but damn, at least i'm here.
thx to for the tux, for the cuff links + for letting me represent you!
he looks great !
looking for good movers in sf, something like clutter (they are too pricey now.) anyone got suggestions?
pat ryan has moved me twice and is wonderful. friendly, fast, under budget
good luck at the world cup c bring home the gold
aw thank you. love this and you,see you soon
trump personally savaging a career public servant who was both bush 43 &amp; obama's secdef pretty much sums up 2016 &gt;&gt;
tehnically you can't sum up what's not over yet. and you ain't seen nothing yet.
yes, summer is finally here
for about 4 more hours
chris brown lyric: haha im fuck her face down and pull out her fake hair ayyyyyy ppl: i love this! and i loved when he assaulted a woman.
every day we all gotta collectively wake up and live with the fact that we are letting chris brown happen
jill prefers trump. her boy putin told her "him first, then you."
lol. putin isn't stein's boy. she's hillary's boy since she did a uranium deal with him. wake up:
i miss my gf and what's worse is how cheesy and annoying that is.
were the gayest couple on the planet it's actually pretty sick but i miss you tooooo
education has the potential not just for skills development -- but allows them to reach their full potential. - comm. theo sawa
": education has the potential not just for skills development but allows them to reach their full potential comm. theo sawa"
achilles. she needs to prove she is healthy. which there is no guarantee she will be.
definitely! that's a terrible injury!
your work is gorgeous!
thanks! means a lot coming from another artist!
secretary explains how the united states engages on foreign policy issues.
better than a snl gag
i would snapchat you but you might start subbing me again
its okay i alreadya accepted the fact that i dont have friends
like wtf is their deal even, why do people keep putting their content there?!
their formatting actively works against the content they're hosting
"i strongly condemn the apparent terrorist attacks in minnesota, new jersey, and new york."
awake, this time?
"otherness"="not white male." and again, with the lie about clinton and birtherism. this time, media pushback. good.
so much ugliness in america relied on people with "dif'rent" backgrounds being embarrassed for themselves &amp; accepting abuse for it
morrrrnin! or rather afternoon!
now that's art!!! so how was your nite of gamer gamebanging yesterday? is that why you woke late????
.; nyc blast shows no link to international terrorism.
hahaha....the world knows you are lying through your teeth! only terrorists blow up innocent civilians!
do you have a pic ofyourself in af?
i wasn't in the air force but rather the us army for 6-years.
i like her part in the song but i don't really like all the rapping tbh
the rapping is the best part,
the media wasn't expecting us to mobilize like we have on twitter. they're getting rocked.
u spearheaded the effort! u rock!
rt : he's never been out of the poconos
im stealing this daffy duck pic
and the libertarian party believes the 1960's civil rights legislation was a gross mistake.
a for johnson is a vote for
so much ugliness in america relied on people with "dif'rent" backgrounds being embarrassed for themselves &amp; accepting abuse for it
and now we are willing to say, "screw that"
"i desire very little but the things i do, consume me."
same. speaking of, still regretting not buying the legend of zelda knee-highs i saw at game stop today
and the libertarian party believes the 1960's civil rights legislation was a gross mistake.
a for johnson is a vote for
lol not because him nuh good but because him help kartel shell down everybody else career
me deeven a look pon the past tbh, current times, post kartel's conviction
mind was a virgin to her kind and she fucked me mentally i get close on being like yea we are over but my brain says you love her tho right
it's like don't text her and do you. type erase put phone down. then again i text some long ass essay. which gives no room for any convo.
why are there any liberals supporting gary johnson?
because he's antiwar.
another high quality rubin guest !
to be fair, paul watson said he wasn't a conspiracy theorist.
know anything re 1991 payphones located along s 17th, lombard&gt;bainbridge?
i queried database for '%s 17%' in 'phil%' which turns up 28 locations. no guarantee on accuracy or relevance to your project.
kaepernick does realize the president is in fact african american right
what does that have to do with anything?
hillary looked *so much better* after 3 days of rest. appearance last night confirms she should've taken more time.
hahaha they need to jack her up again w whatever they used she is willing to die to get the votes idiot
never talk 2 boys i just tried for the first time in like 4 years n got my feelings hurt 0/10 would not recommend !!!!
shit fam nvm he called me pretty and said i looked good in my hoco dress i'm hooked again
got jet black and damn it looks good. confirmed to me that i made the right choice. mine'll be here wed.
haven't seen the jet black in person, but the matte black looks classy and stealth.
enjoy! uhm a weird color fries...
its heathy veggies! at least i hope so....
thank you 2-3 today.
correction 2-2
" how dangerous an addiction is foyle's war? || extremism in the pursuit of excellence is no vice. foyle's war is pure gold.
. the thespian range of michael kitchen's facial muscles &amp; his calm voice in service of foyle's economy of speech zen me out.
birthday's coming up and all i can think of is how i pissed away life thus far without doing anything useful. okay! living in denial it is.
are you not in higher ed? i call bullshit, looks to me like you've already accomplished a great deal in your short life.
new: releases statement condemning " apparent terrorist attacks" in mn, nj and ny:
why does anyone need a statement from hillary??? she is useless!
i just booked shows for sxsw
brotern im so so proud of you
i knew he was a fraud before he was elected. something was up because all his records were sealed. why?
they crucified bush, bringing up college foibles and they let obama walk just like they're letting hillary.
you should get werewolf on spotify!! :-) please!!
very exciting news about that! hang tight for a few more months!
they're a really good looking couple
they are
he quiet now rt : one back at you
dirty bitches!
ted cruz calls on boycott of 'rich spoiled athletes' who protest during national anthem
i really can't understand why ted cruz has so much he should fought for the republican party !! let trump bully him !!
i have something called eyes. i see women getting harassed using my eyes to "see" or "look at" my surroundings.
anecdotal evidence is a crap basis for broad generalizations.
got shit to do but don't wanna save me
large virgin dad butts
pennsylvania ave, the site of inaugural parades &amp; funeral corteges,is being used as a money grab by the gop nominee
i can't find your piece in the paper paper
your delusion don't equal truth in the real world. accept it.
is employing white supremacist steve bannon campaign manager ok?pence cant say david duke's deplorable? deplorable.
pro-isis and devout muslims celebrate nyc bombing: "we cause you pain inside your house"
'tcarewhotheykillorinjure.theybrainwashtheirownchildren2commitsuicide2killothersinthenameofallah.
i get so nostalgic whenever i go there tbh. people just generalize it as ghetto bc they know nothing about ghetto lmfao
what parts of oakland do you visit
it's like don't text her and do you. type erase put phone down. then again i text some long ass essay. which gives no room for any convo.
when the grinch tries to love.
urgently need to know location of all payphones along sth 17th, philadelphia in 1991 do you know how we can get info? thanks
where to send it? i don't think anybody could give you a definitive listing of those locations.
love the mint design your work???
- glad you dig it, i do, too!
god i'm so excited to be back at school where i have to change 3 times a day cause i'm sweating my balls off. so fucking juiced!!!!
just don't wear clothes
i won't disagree. the mummy killed la, the undertaker had a 25+ year career.
which is mindboggling.
the birther movement led by donald trump was nothing less than racism. plain and simple.
senator, you seem to have forgotten that it was hillary clinton's campaign in 2008 through sid blumenthal that started it.
this guy...
when he takes down the wall around vatican city....then we can talk! til then he's another hypocrite!
yet he's only pitched more than 5 innings three times.
not his fault they had to pinch hit for him because they were behind. he had thrown just 60 pitches.
did the trump know so much so early about the bombing in nyc because he knew someone involved?
yeah try going at that! actually he is also the architect of 9/11 because he know so much about building skyscrapers!
amy schumer &amp; lena dunham need to shut their gawdamn mouths already!
they have stepped in it a lot lately.
trump is trump and always will be but this weekend a much wider circle of republicans debased themselves on his birthed revisionism.
i agree all those standing up for what he did and claiming hrc started it
it's basically the same here i feel you
the only positive thing is when i'm at home it'll be 11 how nice
the difference between rationality and intelligence, via
approximately sucks when 50% of voters think obamacare supporters are irrationalional huh?
hopefully you won't force them to watch horrible movies...
nah. might force myself to, though. they'll get treats and squeakie toys to pass the time.
is it normal to want to recall mayors in oakland?
didn't happen to dellums or brown. my theory: social media echo chambers fuel this, make it seem viable when it's not.
side note: your sneakers are amazing.
thanks!! an amazing thrifting find
i've had so many problems with ios 10 that i'm thinking of getting an android phone. this is not a joke. i literally can't even make calls.
i had to wipe my phone and do a full reinstall to get rid of a bunch of the bugs. it helped.
i'm adopting kids and forcing them to watch sid &amp; nancy.
i watch drag race with my 6 year olds. errr... everyone needs a favorite queen???
. will fight for higher wages &amp; the right for people to form a union.
only if she's dragged kicking and screaming by real progressives &amp; polls. and then she'll' try and take credit for it.
hmmm... no i hate bigots.
but you're a bigot yourself.
maybe if you didn't sub all of them you still would
i dont sub my friends
dm'ing myself dick pics just to feel loved.
im choking stop
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
watching. hoover /mccarthy
who do you feel is most at fault for the loss?
i, giving it to the top hc for being unprepared to start the game
think trump can't win? don't plan to vote? sitting on your ass on election day is effectively a vote for trump; perhaps a deciding factor.
this is no ordinary election. and are not party distinctions without a difference.
here's the evidence that tells me everything i need to know.
keep deluding urself
just a lonely tree by matthias hermann
or a tree that knows he's
it's so self-evident, obama has to scold black voters!
another of the sheeple who love hillary regardless of her graft and lawlessness!
i just don't see why you had to block her, i think you took it too far pz. she's just a nice lady.
she's a nice lady who seems a bit too enamored of a nazi philosopher
donald trump has been sued over 3,500 times in his career. what kind of businessman gets sued over 3,500 times? a con man.
this is why an we will not have this garbage in the white house trump, hillary clinton president
lol do you know who was sheikh albania omg he was a radicle scholar of modern times
deflection. the sign of your weak debate. poor imam has no audience. lol
exclusive, topsecret/noforn preview of the wiki
that looks super good!
you study not for you. but for the patient relying on you to save their life.
i'm not talking to u at the moment, new phone who dis?
freedom of speech, in my view, does not mean the freedom to buy the united states government.
so why are you supporting clinton if you don't want the u s government to be for sale?
coming three years too late?
has been there for ever. what does oracle jdk changes?
one! one by crom! left! ah-ah-ahhh!
i am oddly happy to discover that someone else (and someone i like!) does the count laugh.
looks super tasty, did you use any of our peppers?
you know it, black cobra pepper madness! :-d
where are you mary, i expected you here!!
don't make me cry dean!!! i'm there in spirit!!
slaw slaw and super slaw smh
what do slaw mean is that some new slang...
it's going to be a long year. they're going to struggle to stop decent teams and tennessee was a bad one. like top 5 bad.
doesn't help our "superstar" line backer is always hurt and we have no depth at lb
hillary, i know you have double-vision and memory problems-documented by the fbi-but your hypocrisy is stunning.
love your clear vision on her dishonesty!
my little girl sophie, 8 mos. old today. (click for full image.)
and yes, she is a pit bull -- what's called a "blue-nose pit bull."
i'm in love with this reebok dress. apaixonada por esse vestidinho da ...
im liking it also
we could've traded up for jefferson this year. i don't want robinson. not after her torn
i remember you tweeting that before the draft. she's a sa keeper now and a future all star
polosport editorial shot/edited by: modeled by: &amp;
these fire
what a bunch of sorry $&amp;@$. i can't believe let those damn . i want to cry.
all part of division mistique. never had a repeat winner. but, it could be the year of the gmen.
iced coffee is my new thing
as well as having a fresh lid on 24/7
spending sunday with my favorite longtime season ticket holders!
let's keep 'em in the bay!
yep im bloated
again with the sweaty headless horseman!
malcom part of the problem. not the solution. the smith brothers suck.
not impressed by the lack of talent at the two positions lot to be desired right now
unless it's 2am &amp; everyone in the house is sleeping or we're in a library don't ever tell me to lower my voice +
especially when you look around making sure no one heard me. am i embarrassing you? would you like me to speak louder for you?
respect to you guys, and your drivers for continued service during the night.
the drivers deserve 100% of the credit.
feels like this is a pointless recall effort. better ways to go about enacting change at city hall?
raise the council's salary so that people with more talent can do the job and raise families without outside income.
gosh wouldn't it just be like the worst if obama felt like voters were personally insulting him
get ready to be supremely insulted!
my idea of the day, which has been highly criticized:i think we as a country should try our damnedest to prevent bombings...and shootings!
arms are "weapons" so republicans should be demanding that bombs be legally sold to the general public without regulation.
has the skateboarding industry heard of the "give a little, take a little" concept? ludicrously possessive
i don't understand your comments. all good. have a good one.
si, like church.. during football season ima have to change church cause the church i go to has mass during the games
oh okay i wouldn't know about that kind of stuff
albert suarez is 11-for-11 holding opponents to three runs or fewer. what a find he's been.
maybe, but it's cold comfort, give the anemic lineups he has been paired with.
coming soon @
web app on tuesday
this use to be my song when i was 14/15
thats still my fave
hello, it's me.
the vest tho! where's it from?
footlocker , they had good shit i was just smashed and couldn't buy anything , what's your size i'll figure something out
9/9.5 but shit i'll take anything from 8.5-10 lol
what the fuck. we just realized vegas is in a week and we have nothing ready.
all we know is we're seeing baby dady
but after all a that, who else really ago wah voice pan 1 a his riddims? it ago look a way
popcaan alone and him groupies.
design! taboo subjects! so much more! straight from the &lt;3 (or more precisely: uterus ) i'm organizing this /
design sprint: sexual health. sign up here through :
lmfao nah vante look deadass like he bout to play checkers for money at a park
helll yeahh
my idea of the day, which has been highly criticized:i think we as a country should try our damnedest to prevent bombings...and shootings!
arms are "weapons" and bombs are weapons so republicans should be demanding that bombs be legally sold to the general public.
jerry jones is proud no one on the cowboys sat during the national anthem
jerry4applaudingwhatshouldbnflpolicy.youcan'tstopthemfromsittingbutletthemdoitintheparkinglot
thanks for your endorsement and support my friends. it was nice seeing you at my rally. we will
great people in their in their industries supporting other great people in other sectors.
"i just don't wanna shower while standing over my toilet." one of the best quotes ever from tiny house hunters.
now there's some clown who wants to put a projector in his gf's tiny house so he can play video games. you gotta ditch this zero, gurl!
off duty cop, kills muslim terrorist in minnesota as he was trying to kill dozens of americans. cop used gun &amp; conceal carry permit.
best kind of terrorist is a dead terrorist!
"these bitches don't deserve my tears"
whatever bitch !!! you are a nasty individual .
a recovery plan is one of the most massively useful things in the universe. almost as useful as a towel.
word! we figured it out tho. was seriously having weird issues with the new iphone but i think we are cool now!
pic of all of us
we trash but when me and the squad freestyle it's more like
when are you leaving
get a car lubertoni invest that money in sumn good guy
: my book enters 3 libraries in usa . hope y could suggest my book in the library y go !
oh congrats
so, tons of black and latino women are getting raped by white men and report someone of a different race?
you can stop w/the specious over-interp &amp; attributing statements to me that i did not say. step back.
"this is the civil rights struggle of our generation: that every child should go to school" -
yes! such a strong opening, setting the tone for the launch. we can achieve it!
gameplay for jacoby is hand it off , and keep all short passes in front of him
blount having a helluva workout
obama: a "personal insult" if black community doesn't turn out for clinton
how dare he? a potus is supposed to be impartial. he should not be campaigning on our dime for his choice.
we playing like shit let's pick it up 2nd half
not now! banks tweeting
yes. and the stochastic terrorism. but that word will confuse the little brains.
that's what started their little playground antics
elderly voter gonzalo didn't speak much english and i speak terrible spanish. but we agreed that trump is malo por los todos!
&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
says the one whose only points came from a bs p.i. our o is tearing ur d up and out d is shutting down ur o
yet your only up 6. who's really ass? lol. it's only bs in your eyes cause it was called on your team. lol.
"there is a realization that trump is a con man, and that that is a big part of the story" --
cnn why do you keep supporting him why
gearrin strikes out the side in the sixth.
doing the game today taking over
this updates /ipsos electoral map shows more than nearly anything how much has changed in just a month.
love the trend!
horrible first half comes to an end for tampa bay. trail 24-0. guess they aren't playing the falcons this week, eh?
ugh... rock bottom
you can stop w/the specious over-interp &amp; attributing statements to me that i did not say. step back.
that's the only way for your argument to be true.
embrace diversity with 21 non-white acting nominees
whites should be banned from hollywood
screw 3am: hillary doesn't have enough strength or stamina to respond to even an 8 pm attack.
. because one shouldn't be somber when discussing an attack?!
especially when you look around making sure no one heard me. am i embarrassing you? would you like me to speak louder for you?
my latinx friends equate me being loudly to me being chusma. guess what? i am chusma &amp; telling me to lower my voice isn't going to change it
complain again i dare you
i really wish my air condition in my car would work bc it's boiling in there
are you attending ? would love to bounce some rac on docker questions off you.
sounds interesting. let me know when you plan to meet. i'll join as well.
blount was jumping over ppl &amp; he's a 250 pound back.
maxwell sucks they added him based on his height but he's just not a could player
i still have no clue what the "it's on us" campaign accomplishes, beyond slick marketing &amp; checking off boxes for csr &amp; politicians
involving bystanders is great, but so much of the it's on us copy assumes survivors aren't in the audience or the conversation
. what about cruz whose hoping something happens to hillary so he can run as a democrat?
'ttrustas farasicouldspit.
deep dive shows trump sleaze:consorting w/ org crime, shafting poor workers, lying repeatedly.
1. he's a cockroach 2. without more won't beat him.
have you ever been to sylvia's in harlem? it's one of my new york goals.
i haven't. mostly because it's a 1hr 30 minute trip and 2 trains to get to harlem. haha
no luck. apple is mailing me a new one. i'm so much less cool now with my old iphone
u got the black one? still so cool
you forgot to add twitter to the app.the most important network for and assistive tech needs.
twitter login will be available soon.
design sprint: sexual health. sign up here through :
the event lives on facebook too: yesssss!
one thing is for sure--our next president needs to be someone who is tough on terrorism.
gotta be trump cause hillary supports them!
saw my baby at the airport today
awww did you see him perform
so trump now, lyingly, uses playground "she did it first" argument re: birtherism. so why'd he say he found proof 4 yrs later? lies on lies.
he calls her crooked yet he followed her lead?
where are you mary, i expected you here!!
don't be surprised if you see me wandering on 70 one day with some luggage
my face after almost dropping the beloved family cheesecake.
well that was close.
what help can people get in bay area if in mh crisis and have no insurance?
the entire concept of cmhc was to provide a safety net for psychiatric care regardless of ability to pay
a pipe bomb in new jersey, a multiple stabbing in minnesota, and a major explosion in manhattan-all within 24 hours.
we call it terrorism!
just don't wear clothes
fucking smart man
a huge thank you to cherine abdellaoui, nadia medjemedj, lynda hamri &amp; sofiane hamdi who won for at
*hi* - do you perhaps have any interesting links of articles/ videos of child soldiers?
what exactly is deporting illegal immigrants supposed to solve? i honest to god don't know
i wrote my senior thesis for my major on how illegal immigration is actually good for the american economy
three cheers for sf summer weather!
ugh! ugh! ugh!
i find it funny how people claim to be "patriotic" but make racial jokes to me about 9/11 and the boston marathon
people usually don't give a shit about their patriotism just get offended when others aren't
no matter what the outcome in all games either i'm pissed at stafford he's still my qb and wouldn't want any other one
i know he threw an int to lose the game but stafford is the only man left on the team. little injury doesn't keep him out
to be honest, introducing tougher gun control laws and better mental health services would help.
first things first+ w/my not backing down.. we will!
cory gearrin, who has a little nen-like toe tap going on, strikes out the side in the 6th. giants still trail 2-0 on warmest day of the year
still waiting for the "balls to carry" with the deplorable hitting
"[] is a guy that fixes things." -
obama's a girl that brakes things
hey, if you don't know beautifulsoup, rvest does the trick pretty darn well.
sorry, just makes me shudder ;^} it ain't hard to learn a more general porpoise programming language for stuff like that
it's safe...safe to say
coming from the guy who says "we'll play it by year"
'beyond repair': trump, fmr. defense chief gates spar over foreign policy
this bozo and hillary think they have done a great job? delusional...they are the risk to national security.
are people allowed to call them bombs yet
&amp;hillaryhadtheirway
are you currently down a laptop?
no, i mean i have a good laptop so why do i need to put hundreds into a new desktop?
if this isn't me, then i don't know what is.
or when the barista says enjoy your coffee and you say you too
sucks when you realize you rejected other people for that one person that wasted your time
i'm still wasting my time on the same person after 2 years
why voting matters. "tolerance is on the ballot. our democracy is on the ballot. justice is on the ballot."
said the man who rolled over for the weakest candidate.
calling all deplorable patriots! wants you! visit to sign up today!
don't think so officers don't support crooks and con men
i read it, genius. gates is pro-hillary, harwood is pro-hillary. zero bias. hahahahaha!
if calling out bizarre behavior's pro-hillary,so be it.trump boasted on 9/11 his building was now tallest.
what's the difference between docker and vms?
which session was this?
you guys will need a do, that's this girl right hete
dd. damn auto correct lol
you initially questioned, if i read correctly, the validity of news sources did you not? i merely gave you a fucking map.
incorrect. i was and am questioning the epistemic roots of skeptic's claims and your own.
'beyond repair': trump, fmr. defense chief gates spar over foreign policy
no one trusts or believes this man. he is a failure at!
allowed 0 points after the 1st quarter that defense is amazing
uh, it's the browns.
how the hell did that shot go in?????? there were 7,000 players between ovie and the net.
some pucks have eyes
depends but man is crazy it's been so long of people hacking to make oracle jvm install silently unofficially
agreed, but that's true of any commercial software. isn't it?
i am just watching the red carpet
yeah, i'll see how i feel.
registered our first new voter in - ty nicole b!
awesome!!!! thank you!!!!
emily!!!! i love this! thank you so much!
yay, tanaz! i had such a hard time picking just one quote, but i thought this one encompasses so much. review coming soon!
just don't wear clothes
i wish i thought of this sooner
thank you very much pat!
brother mark, it is always my pleasure! ihl, pat
it's literally clips of hillary. no editing. maybe don't vote for someone like this
. cherry-picked clips to mislead&amp; put in worst light. maybe don't make up your mind w/o considering her full record.
about last night
did he do that on the cake
these two guys were a big part of applying for $$ to bring more housing near transit! +
awesome what project?
caption this pic! best one gets a follow...
lucky catch?
feels like this is a pointless recall effort. better ways to go about enacting change at city hall?
term limits for councilmembers.
much cooler tuesday
may the lord bless ya then!
jealous benjamin
can't wait! been a long 2 months since seeing them last
thanks for coming out to the panel, julie!
. can we be best friends? i loved your energy!
chris you are a liar along with your
the puppet where's his strings,, he's remote control
i already started. this is my first time watching primetime emmy's
i saw your pics! i'm just too tired. lol first time? where you been?
when you are hungry af but also really don't want to get home later then estimated time of arrival.
you're my favorite don't you forget that
which of trump's policies is your favorite? that's your tell.
your ignorance is what's helping to elect trump
they suck in real life too
really? is durant on the team?
it would be nice to have a potus like trump who has an uncanny instinct for calling the right shots. bombing was right again, mr. trump
(2) by the time hillary made a decision, the missiles would have arrived in la. she could barely stay awake.
great. you agreed. guess you forgot you called me psycho the other day.
naw you was being crazy bitch don't play
it doesn't get better than chatting 4ever with
so, so great to see you again diane!!
. ready for a quick trip to ar to speak with sabet? don't need the help, but it would be fun :-)
i debated him in sf&amp;caught him n a blatant lie,exposed it&amp;made him sweat! i challenged him2 iq&amp;fitness contest but no reply
if you want to see examples of python code that you will never write, the python standard library docs are great.
"how do i parse command-line arguments into a list?" "you mean dynamically sum integers from the command line?" "i'll just read the source."
this obviously has nothing to do with terrorism. someone just wired up a pressure cooker by accident. it can happen.
it sure was made to look like a terrorist device.\_()_/
i'm coming for you on saturday excited to see u bro
amazing seeing u my boy!
this is a fair call.
yeah, most people will only go between their borough and manhattan and back. going to another borough is rare.
beautiful to be inaugurated just in front of ! great initiative to promote rights at
thank you !
odd how after every terror attack my timeline is flooded by people whose profile picture is either of an eagle, a gun or a confederate flag
updated: or with a pepe frog
let's try to get a picture together after the movie if possible.
yes!! we'll do it. enjoy the film and i'll see you after!
your turn.. what else do you say about khris davis?
has been incredible to watch this season! from the struggles he had the 1st few weeks to now being the absolute slugger!
this updates /ipsos electoral map shows more than nearly anything how much has changed in just a month.
i quess the polls are not rigged anymore. lets see how you feel after the debates,how the polls look than
heh, oakland council paid top dollar compared to berkeley
should be pegged to 90% of alameda county supes' salaries, with a ban on outside earned income.
anyone else get the feeling that refusing to link an "intentional act" to an act of terrorism is low key appropriating terrorism to muslims?
100%. an intentional act of violence is by definition terrorism.
does it seem like he just wants to hook up or is he actually interested in me?
ya never can tell babe..but he would be silly to not like u!!
ummm but i honestly feel like enough people have a graduate degree so i haven't "really" done anything worthwhile? i dunno.
[cough] bullshit... what you have already accomplished is *hard*, give yourself some honestly-earned credit
i'm not even watching this show and i am getting so angry.
you'd hate this dude.
fleabag: really great little treat. formally inventive, and nicely paced. amazon has a good eye for imports.
it's remarkable that i kept wondering "how did they do that" when she broke the fourth wall and then thought, oh! it's just acting.
.'s economic plan.
we call this socialism not capitalism!
good question moscone south upper lobby... not to far from j1 keynote.
can you please keep on for me. i'll grab it tomorrow! beer is a strong motivation though ;-)
you are not crazy. i saw all 6 troyens in sf.
devoted/crazy...is there a difference??
im probably not gonna watch the emmys bc im not gonna be home but pls can someone record kate interviews and stuff like that thank u
i'm recording it on my dvr so i can get all of the kate stuff for you!
sonic generations is tight my dudes
ypure like a few years late with that statwmwnt but its true tho
love you
love you too gzz
the media's colossal failure: trump continues to get away with his many scandals, lies and shady business ties
the media let him truck controls the media they are his puppets
me telling my friends about some dick i got
me when i tell you my hoe stories
*hand to forehead* stupid, stupid, stupid
omg i literally lol'd i miss you already
whites should be banned from hollywood
diversity people need a safe place where they don't feel threatened by talent
congrats to martin &amp; to you as well, renie!!
thanks robin
when i'm talking to someone at a party and they bring up schoolwork
i'm for sure using this hahah
i vanquished my foes! can you do the same?
yes i can and have my great friend
you are posting pic without my permission, which is a crime and i should report you
go for it!! go private if you don't want me to post your pics
trump sends investigators to hawaii, gains in gop presidential primary poll
own it you are such a disgusting person. this is where your political career started &amp; anti conspiracy-sad
imam, how shaky r ur foundations of faith if u have to threaten kufr?
we clearly got under the lying imam's skin.
individual send read receipts = game changer
curve game crazy
. : i lived in israel when the prime minister was assassinated. 's 'joke' terrifies me
u have been a moron ever since your gay husband left your dumb ass
south life
reminds me of tarzan
: my book enters 3 libraries in usa . hope y could suggest my book in the library y go !
kindly name the book please ..
restoration of felon voting rights could be put on fl ballot
60% threshold for ballot initiatives in fl, right?
is there a hashtag to this week's publishing summit?
yep - and follow . have a great time, let me know if you have any other qs
this day went to shit before it even started.
honestly my everyday
is currently experiencing delays averaging 47 mins due to volume / compacted demand
is currently experiencing departure delays between 16 mins and 30 mins due to vip movement
selective editing syndrome and the news
we saw her unconscious body being dragged into the limo!
my beautiful, loving, wonderful dog nelly died yesterday. we lost a piece of our hearts. rip nelly, the best dog ever. i miss you so much.
nelly woke up on saturday &amp; it was evident she was in tremendous pain. after years of struggling, her body couldn't take it anymore.
ive realized i text alan about adele &amp; disney a lotttt
it's cuz u know nothing about what i like that's y
all 3 leads in hell or high water and imogen poots in green room.
surprised you're leaving out your man michael shannon in midnight special :o definitely loved imogen tho.
the picture shows woman and children. now are coming most young miletary-age males.
i understand now. it's been so crazy today in ny today. i did happen to read about what the pic was about
who has to make up? your candidate makes racist remarks routinely.
haven't heard a racist remark from trump
ahh i know, i had to run off before the signing and wasn't able to catch you! i had so much fun watching you guys!
also you inspired me to pick up a copy of the witches, which (gulp) i've never read before
what's the best platform to play shovel knight for the first time on? 3ds or ps4?
anywhere is fine.
oh dear. is this one of those "if only they'd passed comprehensive imm reform!!!" articles? always good for a laugh
at this point, there's really nothing funny about anything. sorry to say.
i found a local soap company that makes a soap that has a literal dirt scent
you can wash the dirt off of my body but you can also wash the dirt right back onto my body
if you put on a brewfest, oversell it by about 3k tickets &amp; people have legit complaints on facebook, hiding all negative comments is poor.
i heard about that. organizers just botch it? that's what it seems like.
live on cam want 2 play with this pussy?
awe spant hehe
kicking out all the illegal immigrants won't even lower crime!
i was an econ major. stayed away from crime and notably healthcare costs. but from a strictly business standpoint, it helps
that's the only way for your argument to be true.
in addition to making no sense, now you're just trying to get the last word. i told you to step back.
maybe a lord m spin-off? plenty of drama in his life.
when do we get this in the u.s.?
got it. it's all a tad confusing for the average citizen who just wants to know what's going on.
true. specifically they are saying flip phone detonators.
hillary, turning red states blue again:
congratulations
why are you always getting into fights on twitter? i've been noticing that over the last week or so.
try following him for years
nelly woke up on saturday &amp; it was evident she was in tremendous pain. after years of struggling, her body couldn't take it anymore.
we realized that prolonging her life would only benefit us and that she would just be in more pain. she was hurting so much.
everyone in beacon has been to treys apartment except me lmao
that all changed today.
let me swing by rudys cop a pickle back shot and a pitcher fuck it. im boreddd
you in the city?
cause stop saying that it's just to funny you a asshole
nah those you did good by me gon get the same in return if you ever did bad by me you already know the rest lol
i cut your bracelets just like i cut you out of my life! sad how the girl u cheated on me with hits me up!
girl u coulda guessed he was gonna do that, he's cheated on every girl he's been with lol
the future of looks like this. who wants to speculate on impacts to average occupancy and vmt?
also, odd autonomous fixed route experiment with predisposed death in 2020.
ever wanted to trace and monitor http requests through your entire network? read this thread.
yea read this thread, file it away, and see what can do w it in a month or so. :) cc
wow where can i find a v handsome man that will love me and treat me well
absolutely... even got my haircut
pats win despite losing garoppolo &amp; defensive collapse -
heart attack 4th guarter last pass. still recovering.
have you ever faced any of your own? share them with us to help susanne find the sock! ...
i lose my keys all the time
"ips" is certainly very commonly used and is efficient in conversation. does grate a little bit.
yep. i use "ips" also, but i have some friends of the homo pedants persuasion that crank when i do, and hard to argue.
had he lived longer he too would have been charged with perjury. the video clip i saw on facebook mentioned him by name.
surprised you are such a joe hater. you me and mostly all psu alums wouldn't of went there if it wasn't for the fb program he built
let's go seabass
awh seabass ._.
are you at javaone this year? i'll be out with the crew talking about java on arm64 stuff.
hey! hope you are well. i'm in sf today but leaving tomorrow morning and i won't be attending j1. have fun!!!
americans want a refund not just for the plane but obama's entire 8yrs! what a rip off!
really those approval ratings have to fixed no way is he that popular
when your filmmaker friend sends you the second draft of their script because they want &amp; trust your opinion
when i'm not in the lab i do some acting work
we made a thing!!!
tabletop tower defense?
youve been 49 for the last 3yrs
aye and it will be the next three years too
every bitch from tapco lmao
factsssssss
k cool. genuinely curious. likely voter screens increasingly seem unlikely to catch under-30s
we'll find out; one benefit of this is that we'll be able to see who voted after the election, find out if we messed that up
own it you are such a disgusting person. this is where your political career started &amp; anti conspiracy-sad
please everyone retweet this article! and you need to get some self pespect
haha i think you're being too kind, prof! but okay, we can make a deal. i'll try to do something useful this year!
that is a deal ;^}
oh god. that's embarrassing!
to the contrary. i think it's beautiful. and i'm jealous. but it made me smile. :)
why haven't they made snapchat filters especially for your genitals, yet?
because they don't have a licence agreement from puppetry of the penis yet
so which one of you tricked me into thinking the raiders would have a good defense this year? my judgement can't be this bad
losing harambe before the season started was huge
the awkward moment at the when someone says "the queen of racing" and tepin, beholder and songbird all turn around.
that made me lol
i expect you to text back within 3 minutes
especially when i'm bored &amp; have nothing to do
mcconnell stumping for trump, leading chants of "lock her up" and claiming he said this to the president:
history will define his role, and not how he'd like it.
man. he was great. i may be too accustomed to him being great.
very possibly--and understandable when he still might outdo himself just this year.
more technical difficulties keynote. can't wait for
and will not have technical difficulties like ;)
i heard you say saudi women are elevated &amp; just spoiled?(on the rreport) you can't be serious right?
she's also against democracy so maybe she should move there.
we realized that prolonging her life would only benefit us and that she would just be in more pain. she was hurting so much.
her last day was peaceful and fun. we took her for burgers and she finally had all the hamburgers she ever wanted.
1526mt are you still in denver? you should join us!
hey! i'm not there unfortunately!
it's still weird to watch them and not have peyton out there
oh, i know. feels like something is missing! but trevmeister is doing a great job so far!!
absolutely konichiwa bitches. and hang with me
stanning call your girlfriend rn
ever wanted to trace and monitor http requests through your entire network? read this thread.
(the observability bits are cool but omg we can do so much better.. designed for this shit)
public campaign financing proposal seems like style over substance
it's open to abuse. if you're clever, you can use it to throw parties for 50 on the dollar.
i liked hillary's response.
u can read "partners in crime" by jerome corsi about clintons crimes
the problem is, no one knows!
i'll get that confirmation up if good or bad very soon guardians!
, where--for once--the destination is the destination
this sits framed on my mantlepiece as well as deep within my heart
ohgodohgodohgodohgod [heavy breathing] (yes i'm bringing quads. what, are you high?!)
i kinda wish my college degree read like that.. "you like totally graduated from this university, congrats bruh"
they're generally the most law abiding residents.
absolutely. look at the incentives. if you mess up you risk deportation
creating action: 1.simplify 2.inspire 3.involve
. loved his insights
redbull will give her wings!
yes! slap some wings on her
so sorry to say i'm not sticking around (was here for an un women event).
sorry to hear that! see you next time perhaps.
you're not watching the game! for shame! i down even know you anymore
need a every so often!
omg!!!!!! hell yea baby!!!
god bless you both ,....go girl!!
had to visit the er for the first time in my adulthood today. issue resolved, now i'm just waiting on my test results.
hoping it's nothing too serious
just downloaded the sdgs in action app. it's amazing!
what's good abt it?
redbull will give her wings!
where is she now/
keep 100, would i get the new # or nah?
uhh probably not. having really talked or had a reason too. &amp; when we do it's mainly on twitter.
does the combination last longer than the plus by itself?
i do think so. i believe the battery case basically doubles the iphone 7 battery.
her last day was peaceful and fun. we took her for burgers and she finally had all the hamburgers she ever wanted.
we held her when she went to sleep at the vet's. haven't stopped crying since. she was the best dog ever in the world.
gop governor envisions bloodshed if trump loses
actually, if trump should win there would be world wide bloodshed. go to war every time someone gives him a bad tweet! twitter wars!
they should add: don't waste your time with creationists and / or flat-earthers.
heh, true... 'true belief' is hard to dent
hbd gorgeous!these pictures are 5 years apart. i love our friendship! love ya
love you so much sis
jerre, piece by piece, it's all falling apart but only after much damage to the country. we're in for an anger rush.
i hope that people realize voting for hillary just gives us an extension of obama n his globalism wish, with him as ceo.
have 's people call my people.
the beauty of twitter: everyone is here!!!
i remembered my headphones but forgot the headphone jack adapter. thanks, apple.
think different
when you check your notifications and notice is following you
the expression post her new boobs is even more rapturously dramatic ') she got the big guns :))
ask for it in the registration. i had to ask for mine
i guess i will have to ask for mine as well!
we get real pretty black and white sphynx moths here, but not this big!!
he's about the size of a hummer.
i'm gonna trip her pretty soon!
i went to clean the yard! those mosquitoes are killing me
happy birthday bro much love!!
thanks bro
my coworker just referred to a tampon as the "t-word"
if you can't say "tampon" and it grosses you out , you do not deserve to be with a girl
charlie :hey mum u know how you said dinosaurs don't exist anymore?? we'll look at this- *plays animated dino video* *smiles smugly &amp; exits*
he's got you there!
i'm not the same person i was 4 years ago idk why you would dig it up now
i was literally 13. i have admitted i was a little problematic shit
time of the season
that's in la?
is the dance card all booked?
(getting stuffed ... but note etsy at the bottom. can i come over for a few hours and cowork and chat maybe show honeycomb etc?)
the truth does that bcz islam is full of inconsistencies &amp; deceit.
islam lives on deception and lies. nice to meet you. :)
now that homekit has such a prominent place in ios 10, what are the best products? we use nest at casa de wu
we just switched all of our lights to lutron caseta and thermostat to ecobee. both work instantly and flawlessly via homekit.
for those requesting evidence...
. really makes me want to watch tony curtis again in the classic pie-throwing scene of the great race.
defense needs to do better and we'll be fine.
agreed.. cosign
ty. i appreciate it. my luck hasn't been too hot lately. sigh.
i dont see many tweeting.but than there are secret twitters
indeed! have something in mind?
yes :) can i dm/email you to chat about the idea and get your rate?
well there is a website. that indicates some level of organization.
and there was an early failure to get 50 valid signatures to start it. which indicates the opposite.
cool bro hope u all are havin a chillsunday
oh yeah and you relaxin
this is me studying for ap gov.
honestly, i learned more about us history from that show than from a full year of apush
, will you be wearing a costume on the halloween show and if so what will u be? jw, would like to costume coordinate ...
i will deadass make u edibles if we costume coordinate &amp; meet me after the show
trump sends investigators to hawaii, gains in gop presidential primary poll
thats where all of you learned to lie from your father. child services ??? where were you?
&amp; i was being sarcastic haha
this guy is a mixed bag. on the one hand he seems to want to know more,on the other he always retreat to his blind positions.
i'm from jackson heights &amp; went to thhs. how've i not heard of you b4 today?? currently bingeing all avail mat'l &amp; taking ...
taking my whole family to your nyu show. all thanks to ms. garcia posting this link on her fb
hate the play calling today. where are the downfield passes?? only 2 i remember were a completion and a dpi. obj singled all day too.
agree on the play calling but i never remember g men tackling so well - a win is a win and 2-0 is great w/skins coming in
lol mhmm happy birthday though, hope you have a good day
thank you!!
yep - all memberships activate upon purchase!
i noticed. also i'm annoyed because i'm a new member &amp; the 3 months for half off wouldn't show up for me only the 1 month for $19
i need good jargon for some . what do you call it when an iot device stops sending data?
a case! :) (with associated workflow, escalation and notification, of course)
drc said the key was the defensive line. "they got (brees) off his spot."
defense underrated secondary is solid- d-line will get better need better running game- trio of rec,rs r sweet&gt; qb, no one but eli
but now it's just in my timeline with no indication of how it got there. i hate this.
i retweeted that earlier today, that might have something to do with it?
i notice he is a lot faster when there is a goody involved.
yep. he is no dummy. and yesterday he wouldn't be tricked into going back in the garage to the backyard!@! smart reptile
. we actually have done shea stadium!! but it hasn't hit the store yet, need to get pics up so people can order.
you make shea diamond and coasters and you got me for both.
yep - all memberships activate upon purchase!
then today, the promo is on instagram again.
tim kaine says he wouldn't call donald trump's supporters 'irredeemable'
i would call him a cia communist. a facist one at that like j brown but lightbulb turned "off"
hi, i'm blake in the van with a blown out shoulder driving for the next 4 hours. ask me anything!
what do you think about yacht rock?? cc
...to criticize donald trump for saying a bomb went off before authorities and media were ready to declare it was a bomb. *golf clap* (2/2)
the constant screaming about benghazi timing in relation to this...if he'd been factually wrong, it'd be a mess.
the a's caused a missed field goal for the ?
he makes them all the time in the dirt, i think it was the holder this time.
my semi-annual "i am tired of men and want nothing 2 do with them" phase has begun yet again and i already feel better off :^)
tbh tho i pretty much never really want anything to do with men but i am a sexual human bean, thus, they remain relevant
my apartment smells like fried pork chops
because i just fried some pork chops
the hair straightening excuse is weak. just own it and do better next time marc.
this man must be stopped !
indian summer can eat my ass, san francisco.
coincidentally eating ass in this heat would be terrible
not sure anyone in american politics has evoked in me the degree of contempt has.
how about sid blunenthal??
sundays: when grown, out of shape men act like they know more about sports than professional athletes and coaches.
"see, if it was me out there, is burn these fools left and right"
nope she looks good when they photoshop her correct lol
lol you think that pic photoshopped ?
right on! local elections are just as,if not more, important!
yup and the repub he is up against is a total ass.
plastic gloss black vs. aluminum jet black. /s
glass screens face down on concrete! come on...
ok i'm starting a 10 person group chat. who wants to be in it? you have to be funny and i want there to be drama
didnt we already have one...
so why are y'all kneeling as protest?
even tho its tru what the text says. does it matter if no1 realizes this?
throw prefix in the mix. and subnet.
agree, "addresses", "prefixes", and "24s" are respectively more clear/correct.
.: "donald trump as commander-in-chief scares me to death"
this dummy makes biden look like a rhodes scholar
i shouldn't of sat down after showering because i've been laying in my room in a towel for 30 minutes now
bitch were gonna hangout tonight
finding shoes
welcome to our search!
reports state way, way, way oversold (4k people for 30 breweries!) and that is all one needs to know. (i didn't go though.)
that breaks my heart as a beer/music fan because rj is a huge get.
i'm pretty sure owlsector is legit - it is hosted on ....
owl sector is but the post about this infection being bad is probably false finding it now
i legit hate watching my raiders play at a sports bar. all these raider haters cheering n they team ain't even playing against. stfu asshole
then visit to watch with
i hope you're right and i'm wrong. i will be delighted.
there not going to let it go, neither will hillary at the debate
so, there was a line out the door and around the corner to get into the brooklyn trader joe's. we have reached peak trader joe's.
court and atlantic was that bad?!
nope, is it pretty much the same?
haven't seen the show yet but i really loved the web series.
i turn on cnn to see about bombs in syria, a bomb just went off in nyc - they're showing our president campaigning. disgraceful.
he's campaigning 4 hillary so she can rest. in the interim, he has no qualms about showing how poor a potus he is.
we love you, forever.
he was drafted in 98...
loooool i miss you boo
it says "let's do some cornhub style thing" kappa
this updates /ipsos electoral map shows more than nearly anything how much has changed in just a month.
kelly anne; do your children know you are endangering their future and lives? what will you tell them?
happy birthday to my bro stay smooth
thank you lil david
main get at the nyabf.
although my gift and (erased) signed copy of erased de kooning drawings by made me happier.
i'm not an "audiophile" so i'm a bad person to judge, but they sound fine according to my basic ears.
so your not an audiophile and they're "fine"? they must be terrible haha.
and miss multi millionare for yrs, kelly should have called for a personal car to take her to visit v if she really wanted to.
i think kelly, tamra &amp; heather had an excuse being traumatized. not so much for golf.
will there be after pics?
but of course!
i just watched the documentary about the strangler from rochester, and now i'm super sketched out bc i pretty much live alone in the city
i got your back
totally packed "how to help readers discover your book" wrkshp w/
thanks so much, becky. i totally forgot to take photos
no, you're not allowed to find anything good from the 2016 season!
i have to agree with her.. he is pretty fine. made season a plus.
i honestly didn't think i would ever say i am more frustrated watching than watching
way too much offensive skill to lay such an egg....more skill than usa..even less desire though
this girls shirt says "when you have an ass like mine" but she got cottage cheese booty and it's saggy lmfao
the front of it says "who needs to work .." oh lord
literally mickey and ian are life.
i love them
once again, black women will be your savior. we'll stop this racist and (alleged) rapist from being in the wh cc
thank you. q: how do i convince white liberal friends to trust the obama coalition in the face...
a preview of goddesses and at nj.
wait til you see the skin tight black latex outfits i have for goddesses nj.
yep - all memberships activate upon purchase!
and is there no way to switch your bike in flywheel?
i am playing the classic game "final fantasy". who could forget this iconic character, a hippo with hair in overalls
that guy is the best. he is definitely better than those hypello losers in ff10
lol....theres many liberal made laws...u know the sheep...follow
try that nonsense with a judge, see what happens.
why is that a problem?
why is it a problem for whites not to have representation as they become a minority?
who's your favorite woman on tv right now?
too hard to pick...
angry obama tries to make it all about him, again - apparently worried by donald trump closing in on hillary cl...
he should be glad he/hillary not tried for murder &amp; war crimes
. is that a non-metric joke i don't get those
yes, us backwaters
lol. this is amazing.
if plato exists, we must also accept his "world of forms" and therefore, man cannot cease 2 exist. or something.
you say this after two games
making bold, early season predictions are my specialty zach
had you heard of a houston exemption for the constitution, ?
miranda only required for police to use statement in court. police frequently delay until interrogation.
cheers on surviving the holocaust!
"i don't know folks, some people, maybe not very good people, learned a lesson there."
i can't w you
im jus trying to figure out who this mystery boy is
we didn't see this one lol
awh fuck could of sworn it was the same car )-;
blog hacked. that hasn't happened in like... 8 years. opportunity to try new blog engines, but looking 3 months ago, many pale to wordpress.
want to build a static react site with me?
how? he's annoying...
nigga be grateful somebody care about yo ass enough to hit ya line consistently. or top shawty off and let him die happy
a good night to all of my dear followers!
love your goodnights.
nah hang with me
fucking fight me right now
i am pretty sure i just heard you get referenced on the idle thumbs podcast! whoa!
really? i was listening earlier today but didn't make it all the way through. i guess i'll have to listen to the rest!
this is our man cowboy dirt soap for men who love dirt and sex and guns and sandalwood
this soap smelled like my old basement that had a severe mold and mildew problem that my landlord refused to take care of
was she in the kitchen yet?
she was in the kitchen for a wine refill
list of things sonic starfire raven harleyquinn (og harley) pokemon ttg! ocs mikafire iris/reshiram terra/mercy steven universe [vomits]
all this shit to draw for november. 3 of these ate commissions anyway
the founding fathers. einstein. ford. yeager. armstrong. camille paglia has written about this a lot. giants of western world.
those are a tiny sliver of white people. almost all white people did nothing close to what they did
beginning to suspect that tesla's greatest, most impactful automotive legacy may very well be making dealers obsolete
i run by a tesla dealership in red hook all the time
"no credible threat" horse's assery like this is why i moved out of nyc
he is a joke and a disgrace
once again, black women will be your savior. we'll stop this racist and (alleged) rapist from being in the wh cc
of the corrupt media, polling and whitewashing of both? cultural insularity is a big problem.
definitely not going to spend one of the last beautiful weekends before the end of the world at the damn art book fair, that's for sure
well, i'm at the art book fair
what's good for democracy is importing millions of third world ringers to vote for the left. if you disagree you're racist
we whites folks don't get to redefine racism given we benefit from it. but nice try, though:-)
it can be a struggle to care about anything that doesn't make me feel as good as the attention i get from you. /gag
casually ask em to join ya on a marathon of some show?
well we will see. flowers is pretty good and usf put 45 on syracuse.
he alright. we done seen the fastest offense we'll see so kelly should knoq how to prepare for it. should.
thanks for the shout-out to to breanna! we'll pass this on to our managers of flight service.
and also jabin chavez is such an amazing human being, he's changing so many people's lives.
it's more respectful when you find someone engaging to actually engage and not post a comment with joking faces.
i won't put no more if that makes you happy
i walked the dogs, fed them, cleaned up and still no sock!
same here.going to ride my bike a few miles! i see new blood popped in
when i woke up to this
ikno who this is
i admit in the past i have been one to call someone out with old receipts but i've come to realize people grow &amp; their ideals change.
i would hate for someone to erase the amount of growth i've made by bringing up a stupid comment i made in 2012. it's dumb &amp; no one wins.
time is running out: ask clinton &amp; trump for their plan to address our $19 trillion debt in the upcoming debate.
its a good idea.
when a patient hears the words "integrative medicine," what impressions/ideas/assumptions do they have?
my assumption is that the various specialists attempt to come to consensus rather than communicating conflicting messages
this ain't it bruh
shitttt lol oops thought it was could of sworn it was the same car
emmy ride. can't believe i'm attending as an actual nominee for best lead actress in a comedy...
best of luck sir!
cause then when you write that you think i'm engaging, then i can only take it as a joke.
no ma'am no jokes
classic poll claims trump winning 20% of black votes. stop laughing. (romney won 6% in 2012)
this means one of the 5 people in their bizarre constant sample, right?
so fucking glad this isn't it.. so grateful we didn't headline like that
tbh i'm surprised that didn't headline
offense play calls are horrible and d needs more a push up front no pass rush
i'm more worried about the defense myself.. the offense should be better but i blame the lacking d more
shame can't play - she looks more like the character than -
wow got hot
so that means you hate the music then...lol!
you puttin words in my mouth missy? lol!!!
thank you, lauren. that means a lot to me.
i mean it. today i said that to everyone i talked to and we all feel the same way. we love you (my mom and husband too!) xoxo
if you needed more apropos nyr content
bahahahahaha what the fuck
by 2030, we need to end preventable deaths of newborns and children under 5. i support
yeah i can tell u are passionate about this
serious question: does siri actually work for you? is it just me?
siri does work for me in very controlled and limited circumstances. i pre-process my queries to maximize success.
pushing these banana shots on me. you may need to get me home!
banana shots?? they sound good!
do you ever listen to a song and are like oh my thank the music gods for this band
how i feel about joy division rn
midwest motto: fry it and it'll taste good.
sounds like the south
seventeen with another hard hitting, incredible piece of journalism.
this seems like it should be an odyssey online article
hi, sorry for the delay in response. if you still need help, dm me your paypal email address. ^ds
my dude it has been over ten days
no that would be me!!
been dragging this sock for an hour! we need another pop up question to motivate us
so fucking glad this isn't it.. so grateful we didn't headline like that
i kept going back &amp; forth from the games to the news to see if it talked about it
the way children pick up animals stresses me out
this reminds me of danni lol
all this shit to draw for november. 3 of these ate commissions anyway
fuuuck and i gotta make an exe fanart so i can sell those. next con im aming for is anime next. so many weaboo wallets....m
lol yeah. really wanted her. she would've been a perfect fit here
could you imagine angel, tiff and jefferson on a fast break. wow! track meet.
i'm out of the house at 3pm (at the latest) my time, so morning for you. if not, def tues! x
not tuesday or wed at all. maybe thu.
cause then when you write that you think i'm engaging, then i can only take it as a joke.
where i come from you can disagree it makes it more interesting
hillary campaign mocked and marginalized bernie voters, now these voters have moved to jill stein or will never vote for clinton. smart move
let's simplify u cheated a non-impartial primary - and now want those u cheated to rescue u?
i am dangerously addicted to as you can see. i can't get enough of the chocolate stuff
so i notice
yeah, the raiders suck
not..yet..still a winnable game for us
i would hate for someone to erase the amount of growth i've made by bringing up a stupid comment i made in 2012. it's dumb &amp; no one wins.
best thing to do in that moment is just admit what was said, apologize(depends) &amp; if people wont accept that then it's not on you.
really? i don't recall this at all. kat, do you have any clips that support this?
this whole season supported it lol
so excited to be in penn station for artsy pics like this, but 20 min later we learned this is grand central station
hey guys, don't worry, we found it!!!!!
no invite fuck you
bro, you didn't wanna come to new york. how many invites you need to know where i was gonna be/when my bday was?
sad our friendship had to end over a tweet. it's baby girl
yikes. it was good while it lasted
rnc chairman: party could penalize former gop candidates who don't endorse donald trump
no don't penalize them remove the from ever holding gop office or belonging to rnc
and what's wrong with a tile backsplash? among other advantages, it cleans easily!
i love a lot of the tiles they featured in that slideshow. especially the scalloped ones. but no way do i want a photo.
the only positive has been every singke tight end i picked up to stream for ertz scored tds. james cameron and mcdonald
makes hits like titanic and avatar and scores tds?
yea, only lan. 14 teams.
correct. we are going to be hosting more tournaments in the future but are scaling slowly.
they also typically pay payroll taxes using a fake ssn and don't collect a refund.
that i didn't know. i thought this was largely a cash operation. why would they get fake ssn's? genuinely curious
don buchla, electronic music maverick, dies at 79
oh no! rip that's so sad
mr. trump is in perfect health and the media is all over him! not fair! the media has not said one word about this sick woman!!do something!
we are. we're voting for trump!!!
funny that you thank :) that's automation for ya
right? technically, i am very thankful for automation or not
hey seattle... i see you
are you coming?
bush did it, hillary did it, now apple? someone off me.
na...what're you talking about? you're being weird
brags about "winning" but fails to mention his many losses.
donald trump ran his public company into the ground, but pocketed millions
what do slaw mean is that some new slang...
it's part of the beautiful tapestry that is african american vernacular english and since you don't know
getting 50% off thanks to the scoring 7 runs yesterday. get yours by using braves6.
the should give you a social media job :p
the secret police is doing its job...
. you mean kgb resurrected? : )
see thread. actually, too
i heard about the conversation wish i could of been present
this is saying something but i feel like that was the worst half i can remember the jaguars having. everything was bad.
well theyre not good...
morpheus is fighting neo...
icecapades keeps getting weirder...
what we know about the raiders so far . . . . they're not very good in the first half.
can hardly believe how lethargic the entire team looks. not prepared to play. concerning...
there's so much talent in patmed it's crazy
there's also a lot of scumbags but i like to focus on the positives
obama will be insulted if you don't vote for hillary. guess, they have run out of any other arguments
panic crd or race card? btw, he is holding his fingers in wring way so as to be obscene gesture
i know the official story &amp; their real history. the hasbara version is all lies, including the cause of 1929.
matthew doesn't think islam is a violent religion
u must have forgotten we voted him in office twice had he been able 2 run again he would win hands down
george w. bush was voted into office twice also. so, using your logic ...
are you for real rn
god bless you believing in me enough to think i can somehow afford a mantlepiece in brooklyn
where i can watch those games ? please
and will be streaming soon! stay tuned!
theres a dog festival going on in union square including dogs that surf
get out of town!!! awe i wish i would have known
obeeezy comin to town
big week at the un
and i will also be playing at the northsea jazz festival in the netherlands next july!!!!!!
ayyyee that's my ading
good evening the next train is schedule at 5:57 and 6:05.
thanks, but i already got the train!
heads up span and kelly!!! come on!!!
span wasn't even paying attention. watched him from bleachers
is it open to all raider fans!!! i'm a raiders fan for 40 years and a nyc carpenter!!!!!!!
we are here for all and and family
not with the defense playing like this. lucky to be down only 6.
there better than last week but simple tackles r still lagging but we're not blown out..i'm optimistic we got this
apple music/itunes looks like it was designed in crayon compared to tidal/spotify.
itunes was really really cool.. in my freshman dorm in 03
this is hilarious. is diminished because they don't have a private ?
my view is now has a portfolio of solutions to address the reality of *co-existence* at customers
oh my god the i love trash sign
why was the a crossed out
he does seem to be getting muscled off the ball easier than normal.
several giveaways and who was supposed to cover mb on that goal?
proud to witness this moment! how has it not happened before?
yeeeeeeah!!! finally
christie's claim about trump's birther comments after 2011: "this will possibly be our shortest fact check ever."
can we say bridgegate? that starts tomorrow.
this very funny thing happens to me where i feel my phone vibrating even though it's not...
every time it vibrates i look and there's nothing there other than the time being a repeating number..111,222,333,444 ,555
&lt;---goofy bastard.
lol complete moron. two of his followers already took off running.
come to tomorrow night!
it's gonna be lit
anywhere without large hispanic influence tbh
the worst places
youre in for a shocker
i dressed for the fog so i'm def in for it
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
this is a problem that obama and hillary has brought to america
every time it vibrates i look and there's nothing there other than the time being a repeating number..111,222,333,444 ,555
my angels so loud.
"honey, what an amazing view! you know what would make this moment even better?" *blows up giant inflatable couch*
.... i almost bought one of these at the fair this year. very comfy.
. loved his insights
it was all :)
emmys red carpet tweeting: like the oscars and golden globes, only more embarrassing
. ex on which channel is the red carpet available please? sucks, just ads every other sec!!
no one says "africa is too black, israel is too jewish, asia is too asian". they say only "white countries need diversity"
white, asian, and colored south africans- &amp; chinese malaysians-would strongly disagree w/ that
doing some heavy research on anime for a new project i'm working on for funimation. share some of your favorite anime(s) moments w/ me!
peep this prime example of how good anime creates an entire, lucid atmosphere for the viewer
i would if i wouldn't have a $300+ monthly car insurance
get a better quote &amp; don't wreck the car my man
this man must be stopped !
he's doing too much at this point
what happened?! lol
there was like alot of randoms there outside
it's easier to get hired. especially restaurant jobs. most illegals don't get paid in cash.
interesting. if i'm an employer i'm thinking cash. what's the economic incentive from that side?
offense needs to pick it can't be dropping balls, neither side is getting it done but only 1 possession game
offense isn't great but it isn't horrible.. defense isn't great but still a winnable game
killed that shit
thanks my guy
a for armband
how dare you
it'll turn around i promise!!! i go through waves hehe
call the plumber! it's stuck down the toilet
real racist
clinton's have fooled and used black americans for far too long.
same old lions could be back baby!
i made the awful mistake of picking them in the suicide pool today
what the fuck is this. i never use maps,how does it know where "home" is,how does it know im not in my car. im shook
i think it does that when you use the bluetooth in a car lol
who took san francisco's summer and replaces it with actual summer?
just in time for fall, as always.
i don't think it ever died.
they claimed it did. guess it's just a ploy to fool ppl. : )
i fucked with his last couple albums tho
yeah he'll put out some decent shit but he's just weird like he's def off
suggest you tell that to irea, imams &amp; child-rapists &amp; gay killers
he is just another ahmadi liar for allah.
oh, they did everything right. in theory, awesome event. in practice, just oversold is all.
bummer. learn from the mistakes. do it again next year. even vt brewfest has had bad hiccups.
both irrelevant washed up and tryna be relevant again
sean kingston has always been irrelevant. his music has been awful, yet catchy. he's still pretty wack.
i just got the following message from a fan. i'm interested to hear what all of you think about it.
booing doesn't help taysom do better or receivers to catch or coaches to call plays. fans support the team.
gratuitous photos coming... because we are engaged!
congratulations!
just realized i can go on other ppls blogs im
wow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! why havent i done this before
4th impact are amazing
must've watched this a hundred times but i still get goosebumps everytime!
all 3 leads in hell or high water and imogen poots in green room.
yes yes yes oh and yes
jimi hendrix died in 1970. his early material was magical
the magician of the electric guitar,when he play,who can hear it speak.. rip my brother
jeb isn't running again. it's like telling him he'll be blocked from us olympic trials in synchronized diving. meh.
where have yo been ana i have not seen you on any of the shows in a wee or so?
she just took it
lmfaooooooo
no one says "africa is too black, israel is too jewish, asia is too asian". they say only "white countries need diversity"
and palestinians muslims, christians, and sunnis in iraq and iran
don lemon another msm libtard last night said the piper bomb in nj and bomb in ny were not related.
trump is a very sharp man, and thats y them dems and libtards r jealouse of him!!!!
i knew it would never work. too many wanted to keep their jobs. you will never change it from inside, ever.
yes, painfully obvious. appalling to see so many render themselves worse than meaningless; now enablers.
honoring ken stabler's induction into hall of fame at halftime. they are presenting stabler's kids with hof crest.
awesome. oh and king is a lock for this weeks ballers.
i hve faith. w everything currently goin on i wont b able 2 participate as much.
win big prizes~ i know.we all have bills
get out the coat hangars ladies, is coming for your right to make choices about your own body.
u must have meant g sorot candidate the hag
so im not wrong he played in '09 lol
ik but whats ur point
if bernie's message meant anything, you'll listen now.
hard for him to walk back months of vilifying dems/hrc in his power quest at the expense of taking on the real threat
that sex that leaves your whole body sore &gt;&gt;
you are a virgin
just 5.7 percent of clinton foundation budget actually went to charitable grants via
this is a lie idiot
dying to be in houston rn, nashville will have to do.
twinning!
thanks boosh
not sure what boosh means
going to the keynotes? i'm hanging out at yerba buena in case you have no plans
hotel checking done, about to love towards moscone
a thing that is real in the virtual world
***this,.....is wild!***
i uploaded a new disney vlog! unboxing an awesome shirt from tokyo disneyland
nice! maybe it's cut a bit shorter due to the the asian audience. and i can say that because i'm asian. ;)
i hve faith. w everything currently goin on i wont b able 2 participate as much.
sorry to hear....but there needs to be some state assistance
but what am i saying... liberals...bathrooms, peeing, genitals... are the most important things... not 3 terror attacks
you know what they say.
who will be the first well known former berner to suggest we coalesce around jill stein ?
we didn't love - she isn't nor his platform. false equivalence.
let's not go their boboo
m is beautiful. gags could nevrer
like a lot of my conservative friends, you need to be willing to see the obvious flaws in your own nominee.
i am perfectly willing.
the force of the ignorance is strong!
nothing irritates me more lol
let me design with the second and third
haha we need a buyer first xd
there's a lucky person out there somewhere. when the time is right, they'll find you. as for the new profile pic. wow.
thanks friend. :)
yeah going to interesting though with nat, james &amp; bree
shes fine she will support him in whatever he wants shes a great mom and great friend
taking out for some pizza. hurry up mate
next stop, burgers with
feelin' like a million bucks with my wknd fam! join us at 5:30 on . news, weather &amp; sports..what else you need?
wouldn't say no to a million bucks
when a band does a cover that only they know and you have to play hardcore trivial pursuit to know what it is
2014 was such a weird year for me
i hope it will be a lot of fun for you to draw all these things. ;3
i can do the best that i can.
as a new parent moving to the area next year, i'd like to find that place also.
if you have any questions i'd be happy to try to answer them. the toughest thing is accepting how much everything costs.
i can upgrade to the iphone 7 but sprint won't have it for at least a month.
at least you can upgrade.. verizon won't let me until january and have you seen my phone
radio seti is snake oil on steroids. it's the boondoggle that won't die. it's flimflam
what do you mean about radio seti?
the browns were very much the browns today:
bring back johnny football at least it's exciting to watch......
microclimate mr chilly what now? all weather apps seem to fail me. what is this new devilry?
weather changes a lot from neighborhood to neighborhood here.
so here's a takeaway i did not expect, but is really comforting: bluetooth on the iphone 7 is very battery-light.
anecdotally: iphone 6s + bt = ~5h iphone 7 + bt = ~13h
blueberry beer maybe lol rotten fruit drinks aren't really my thing lol angry orchid maybe
if you come to nj, we'll see if you can pound a 6-pack of along with a few steak burgers ';0
are u the boy or the girl here
i answered this question my recent tweet
looking forward to meeting my new raider family!!! now lets kick some ass!!! # raidernation
we will be glad to have u!
lmfao you're getting closer &amp; closer
naw, she ran up on me. i'm in my seat now.
that is part of the "less" portion of "more or less".
her 1st yr, daughter got 1st floor rm next to back door to her dorm at amherst college. lots of midnight drunks knocking ;^}
yes...i did....thanks very much madam ji ...
sorry derhogaya have a great evening
not to be a deterrent for amourshipping but i like the pair of ash and korinna better than ash and serena. and
after seeing ash &amp; korrina's conversation in the recent one hour special, they do look nice together : p
jewish population, 2014. (million) us: 6.8 israel: 6.3 france: 0.47 canada: 0.38 argentina: 0.23 russia: 0.18
curious as to whether these numbers reflect self-identifying jews or what. what's a jew?
all i can think of is "pivot. pivot!!!"
definitely quoted this
you need to start letting go ......
this giants team is headed nowhere period.
one good looking person per relationship please. two is just obnoxious.
see another reason we should get together,you would be the hot one by light years lol
okay so in every class i exchange w/ 2-3 ppl just in case questions pop up &amp; stuff right
im here thinking ima prolly hit em up, but i actually havent yet &amp; instead everyone's hitting me up lmao
i just got the following message from a fan. i'm interested to hear what all of you think about it.
that said, the offense needs to be tweaked for personnel or personnel for the offense. they'll figure out which it is.
come october i'll have had my macbook pro for 7 years. that's insane. this is probably one of the last macbook's that has a long shelf life.
i've had my macbook pro for 6 years in august. i definitely got my money's worth!
"var" is coming to a future version of java. you might as well introduce "val" too?!
nah it is not about final or not ;-)
don't blame me, blame obama.
unworthy of retort.
hope deblasio reconsiders but if not, well then you know who he stands with!
diblasio needs hillary to win so she can pardon him!
it's a lonely world for old guys! ha ha! little hot chicken wings to cool down banana shots!!
oh my goodness...i couldn't eat those lol!
i'll be waiting for luke cage
i just want the flash
if you want to see examples of python code that you will never write, the python standard library docs are great.
i complain but they are totally free and i could be improving them and i still love the hell out of python. so maybe the problem is me.
so it's 1800 on a sunday and i'm deep in the hell hole of space-related conspiracy theories
those are fun; link me. i need a distraction
cam is ready to join the barbershop quartet
what year are we in?
we have a place where the sock is! when we get enough tweets to get there we announce it.
we know where it is! but the spider crawled off with it
they all do exactly the same thing with minuscule differences in operational aspects.
they, the phones*
actively using, or just on?
in both instances, on and being used by an apple watch.
a preview of goddesses and at nj.
perhaps goddesses will have a little femdom show or party nj.
are u the boy or the girl here
i answer this question in my last tweet
feel sorry for ur queen
madonna looks fabulous!
that's not a bad idea actually lmao
this right here
now russia is thinking the u.s. is sympathetic to isis. i wonder why they are thinking that. could it be our leader?hurry-up november 8th.
this is a problem that obama and hillary has brought to america no its time to topic this problem
the greatest trick the devil ever pulled is making people believe he didn't exist. non believer but applies to alphabet agencies.
. who or what is a devil? : )
the fairly powerful blair govt. lay the ground work for the partial sale of the nhs and the success should be "credited" to him. pfi/mkt?
not forgetting millburn and stevens who is now doing the final touches pretending to be for individuals. ha! ha! ha!
why is it a problem for whites not to have representation as they become a minority?
&lt;crickets&gt;
despite the team struggles vs. lhp, has seemed to figure it out. rbi 1b vs. ray. 2nd rbi for him. down 7-3 in 6th.
if he has figured it out that will be huge.
do people actually think im fake
i accidentally voted for no choke me i am angry
where we've been so far. cool graphic!
and bought.
what a philosophical thing to say about masturbation.
glad i provided you with inspiration for your future endeavors. take care.
at least you got some bacon with it ;-)
what's life without bacon? no life at all. ;)
shouldn't these be trying to save 's career?
they have to pull her dick out first
ok today's $25 winner is dm me your paypal email and i'll hook you up!
u never! pick me!
i know the subways are notorious for mice, but come on! :o (yes, i caught him. ^^)
no, the train hasn't arrived. just farming a bit before it arrives.
good reminder. also remember that pineapples grow on the ground, not in trees like coconuts.
and they take like 14 months to grow.
loud cough sooooooo which one is ya know...available
hahah far right is
ben carson mocked after posting 'keep calm' birthday photo
i dont know ben, donald said u have pathological mental issues. im afraid to wish u happy birthday!
if not questioning, no need. that's pretty basic.
they questioned
ayeeeeeeeee thats how you feel
lmfaoo whats good w/ you!
he has been doing well. i can't imagine the pressure he's under tho
for real!! i think he's only going to get better though!
i got all intention on being productive, but blankets and pillows
lol that was me earlier today. i had to give myself a serious pep talk.
screaming into the twitter void that i hate the new nike run club app and it does not work and should go away.
the literal worst!!!
the guy i had the biggest crush on in high school is ugly , creepy and now my facebook stalker lol
u got too much sauce
, a belated thanks - we had a blast at , and you were awesome! worth staying out late on a school night!
so glad you all enjoyed!! we certainly had a ball!
i need to go to a super dominican party where everyone dances
girl i'll bring a gift and everything lol
rip - sad news today.
very sad news. she was so beautiful in that film.
because let me be clear if and when someone abuses my beloved holy master muhammad ( sa) i will finish you
hey , what your back. the lying imam has threaten to "finish" us.
. discussing technology in open government: grassroots efforts at at
. reminds us "the farther back you can look, the farther forward you are likely to see." w. churchill
websites reporting us troops refusing to do obama, kerry bidding in ...developing
framed in other words, they are.........
what's does outside money have to do with the recall?
it's not about the recall. about effective, focused councilmembers. oakland should be their a full time job.
that is sooo cute
it really is!!!
i know! healthy girl! nothing to lose for me!!!
oh i wouldn't say i eat healthy all the time lol. i just don't do spicy food!
our apologies for the difficulties that you experienced today. we hope you'll give us another chance in the future.
absolutely. i'm a realist, things happen, no hard feelings. we got through it.
that's what does. "i think" "i think" "i think". always advising on opinions. never real analysis
i think i thank you for listening
tysm correy. i will b calling tomorrow morning about assistance 2 what/if they can help us.
things sort out.did you ask your church&gt;
what are you saying, jeff? :d
hehe but seriously: i think most j-school admins &amp; many profs fail to see the necessity of computational thinking &amp; skills [1/2]
i love washington definitely would consider moving here when i get out.
soooo nice right?!
i'm saddened by the forced retirement of a holistic gp whose patients loved him but who refused to bow to the cqc
will cqc sack a gp for givinb more time to patients. illness does not follow rules cqc!!!!
no andretti winery (yeah i know it's in napa not sonoma)
we thought about it but was just too far away (as you pointed out.. in napa)
hahahahahahha omg 'i have a cough' haha. my heavens this was years ago
this was only a few months after we met my little hamster. 2013! how time flies :(
did you know? oracle has docker image for their db. also, it has a container cloud service.
yes , but oracle does not officially support it, as yet. so it's for experimental use only.
why are these scene kids making whale noises as they walk down main street????
sorry that was me
everytime i see these things i remember that time
theyre funny okay
to all media, if yall want to get the facts out with surrogates, hold them to the question at hand. no sidetracking/switchg
if you really want to show his hand, get him to ban you... all of you, till he has no coverage.
what the helllll is going on in the good rn plz explain ???? lmaoo
i peeped your snap semita w/ the ppl talking and the music, its in front of my house rn they're sooo loud
today was stressful some white kid tried to hit on me by speaking japanese to me smh
you put him in a chokehold &amp; told him to cut that annoying shit rightt?
and that's game! you can pump air all you want.
it's not a game,which is what u &amp; fail to understand.
stuffed the chicken breast with a spinach &amp; cheese filling...with a quinoa "fried rice" &amp; a egg on top.
aka: come up out ur clothes girl..
finished the longest bike ride of my life to date. 12 mi. japantown to burbank to willow glen. i can't wait for next year!
now i need a nap and some aleve.
more shots by of our boy
is this a video
i've dobe that more than once
triple?????? i didn't think i could love you more, but i do now.
these rust jeans. ruined by camo turn ups.
but i love that. we have such different tastes
i've never seen this since moving here.. this is a thing?
not all of them are like that. just that brand.
what the helllll is going on in the good rn plz explain ???? lmaoo
i peeped your snap semita w/ the ppl walking and the music, they're in front of my house rn they're sooo loud
goddamn. really thought i had a chance of beating in fantasy football this week.
always wins
well yeah headache can do a lot , but i hope you'd be interested in answering the question more than correcting me. lol
haha issallgood. but i assure you his point is more of him than it is guys catcalling girls..
'just grateful nobody got hurt': gary johnson clueless about 29 injured in nyc explosion
what is he on?
union st. b/t smith &amp; hoyt. carroll gardens
next 3 babes are what i call a tree grows in brooklyn brooklyn. urban. great subway. manhattan close
yeah, that makes sense. these guys have me most intrigued, as unwieldy as it looks.
looks nuts. i can't see it simulating me picking up a glass of water. needs weight/liquid movement/material texture.
obama: "hope is on the ballot, and fear is on the ballot too."
devisive agitator trump can make amer great? not possible.
that's awesome. i'm hoping to get at least a decade out of my macbook before i upgrade.
i think i'll go for the same goal! i need a few more years to save for a new one anyway.
be doing us proud all the time. god bless you more for me.
thanks baby. love you long time. i can't wait for
that's why i capitalized it
i noticed. just letting you know i get the statement.
was a pleasure meeting you. thanks for your patient advice. i'm the guy working on the weight training app. can't wait to apply!
didn't mean to bother you. how do you react to this screen as a designer?
remember when new york had a real mayor?! i do
the good old days
it was all :)
yep, he was great!
i turned away from him and he apologized... in japanese
omfg in what universe would that ever work?
one of my fave ppl ever dr. jennifer stoever () gave me some love via - read + share!!
you might recognize her as my therapist in 1080p: which -- woah -- it's @ 16,000+ :')
u should travel more. most of the worlds countries were not built nor run by whites. u should try visiting one sometime.
i've been to 30 countries in every continent excluding antartica. my wife is nigerian &amp; biz partner half indian/japanese
the defenders boi
legends of tomorrow
he starts to get scritches he falls over like he's been shot. i can't stop giggling. and fuck you, it's hysterical
awww.....
i'm waiting for it to being on abc. since joan rivers died, twitter is the only place to find the goods.
you are so right charles!!
you're losing to trump by 11 with your core constituency, how is this a good thing?
she doesn't have 1/10,000th of hrc's &amp; trump's money and exposure, so it shows she's doing outstanding.
bush did it, hillary did it, now apple? someone off me.
speaking of off. i want wings. are you still at work?
a very serious sunday problem...no donut shops open past 3pm. please send help. and an apple fritter.
lucky's bakery ftw?
i had no idea texas had already seceded from the united states
not how miranda works. needed for admission of statements in court. no standalone requirement to mirandize.
q about this very powerful ad: is clinton campaign actually running it on air at this length?
outstanding clip
i'm pleased to announce the launch of the carson ideas forum.
why didnt u launch it when u were running for presisent? lol thats funny. guess u figured it might help the black community.
maureen dowd wallows in ridiculing the political figures she loves to loathe: and
hillary has turned into a sick bathroom joke
hillary clinton finally releases statement on terrorist attacks - 31 hours after first bomb...
wow she needs some more drugs
im about to do the same at the park haha
ooh. which one? i had wanted to make it out to the beach but got lazy.
lol, they trash
nah bruh dak prescott is the real deal
what are you saying, jeff? :d
and fail to understand that the web is not just a poor imitation version of primary fixed/printed presentation media.
what happens if you fall and can't get up
looks like i'll be fucked then huh
your profile says you block trolls; how do you do that to yourself? do your tweets ricochet off the block?
paid use glibness when they've been exposed lol
happy b day brodie we was lit lastnight enjoy much love
lit wasnt the word and goodlooking out my brotha
hmm - maybe try a side by side comparison?
i have done that, &amp; now pear is definitely my new favorite!
time to spend 12 hours in the airport
ill prolly sleep for a while but this might be a good chance to get some preliminary art done for all the commissions i have to do
now, the thrilling sequel to snakes on a plane: iguanas on an aircraft!
they were staring at passengers balefully.
i've been dreaming of it, soon we can dream in it! i wanna do the deep sleep front mode thing, no. 4!
"the evolution of the facepalm is here. introducing facepillow"
damn i like him too. he was 3rd with some 25 secs in front of hamilton with not much left, they pitted him and he finished 4th
what was the logic there lol? pit, you're fourth. don't pit and get overtaken? 4th. might as well fight for a podium.
it's worth it if you make it to napa ever. had a picnic lunch there with once, the grounds are gorgeous.
oh yeah, i have been there! it's beautiful and the wine is surprisingly good.
you + timothy olyphant + + the dinner of a lifetime! don't miss out-enter:
what's he do?
we have added it to the list!!
awesome!!! so happy you guys exist very much alone amongst my friends on loving the dame angela lansbury &amp; the best show ever
"piss be upon them" islam = anti-humanity, miserable, primitive cult
muslims are of the devil.
i once respected . then came "what is aleppo?" today, he says he's glad "no one got hurt" in nyc bombing that injured 29 ppl.
another idiot!!
so how did you post on instagram today?
he takes pictures with his ipad like a wine mom
words i never thought i'd hear from miss school girl remy
who you think i was with lmao
surely there must be a private website full of middle-aged people that would love talking about this sort of thing
they aren't sf residents though. if i told them what we pay for schooling or rent they'd lose their minds.
u should travel more. most of the worlds countries were not built nor run by whites. u should try visiting one sometime.
i lived in tanzania for 4 years. loved every minute of it &amp; plan to retire there. try again
got someone ? wouldn't mind a few mins of your time if possible, chat on how we can rinse together.
no but would check with our portfolio co for higher quality work. also in stavanger for nordic edge. let's hang!
. disagree more. a hit piece on the tradition of marriage. typical trash. marriage isnt accomplishment its huge life event.
i don't think it's downgrading the institute of marriage, rather that a ring is more celebrated than professional achievements
today i dragged through a solid bay area day: - blue bottle - brunch - a farmer's market - plank - jack london square
you need wine and a burrito to make it complete.
this the truth. i was there too, covering killings for india today. never saw rss targeting sikhs, some were helping
for onec the truth!! wow!! deserves a pulitzer lol
you're losing to trump by 11 with your core constituency, how is this a good thing?
the one who should be worrying is hillary, who's dying with millennials, plummeting fast in the election, and looking at a loss
someone bring me ny frost company please my life depends on it
that means u b &lt;3
heading downtown on subway: the only way to travel during
bicycle beats it, i reckon! my transport of choice for the next week...
gersh academy in happauge and you can pick who's in your car too
they already started :((
you are so right charles!!
thank you for your reply btw.
i'm pleased to announce the launch of the carson ideas forum.
why didnt u launch it when u were running for president? lol thats funny. guess u figured it might help the black community.
you know when your hungover and you try eating everything and anything to make yourself feel better? reason 273728192 i'm phat.
ur literally the farthest thing from phat tho
hm. i don't have much scheduled for the blog this week. :( but i do have my review for overexposed going up tomorrow!
on my list to read this week, reading and watching emmy pre show.
nothing would please me more than the cardinals making the playoffs at the expense of the giants and mets.
this feels like an office subtweet.
.: the u.s. is more engaged in more places at the same time than at any other point in american history.
you mean "fouling up" more places in history!
so my character would say something like, "this unit went dark and an escalated case was sent to my queue."?
depends on the device... "this device is offline" works, or not responding, etc
now russia is thinking the u.s. is sympathetic to isis. i wonder why they are thinking that. could it be our leader?hurry-up november 8th.
our leader is sympathetic and hillary clinton is getting millions of dollars of funding from muslims
at this polling station in moscow, the pensioner choir sang their hearts out to get the voters in
the minor key in this song is fitting
"what's it like being a browns fan?" "you expect the worse and then it gets even worse."
think you just got confused with a bills fan
plus - he was a dreamy young thing :)
what trump's birther comments really meant
bet you don't miss the humidity. it's like walking through soup here today.
i do not miss 100% humidity. i also love that nearly every day here has a breeze-a rare beast in houston.
doesn't seem like a lot to ask for, but for us it kind of is lol
i know right.. lokt
and that's game! you can pump air all you want.
go back to sleeppaid , you've been owned
i think i just got a new idea for a novel, but i have to research if it's been done before...
may i recommend space mermaids/mermen?
why'd you tag us in this lmfaoooo
felt like yall would get a kick outta this lol
i still see it.
i think my phone was lagging for a sec
at the airport, doing this crazy thing where i charge my phone and listen to headphones at the same time.
weird placement of ports on separate ends of the phone though.
what are you saying, jeff? :d
journalistic publishers sometimes remind me of painters reacting to photography, or stage directors reacting to the rise of movies.
stop it what now? can't stand him
hes out here beefing with game actin tough lol
my mom is trying to head bang to dgd while driving and she almost killed us.
why didn't fate run its course and just kill me
happy birthday lauren! love you so much stud
thanks claire!! love ya
really wish i could have gone. would have been rad to just meet everyone all at once. still have only met two internet friends.
got dam 6ou need to make it out next time
she aint shit
oh really?
i'd suck a bag of dicks for some nachos right about now. dicks and nachos, what could be better?
dachos. i'm in love
two words for your post-season tears: chicago cubs.
yeah. well, there is that.
union st. b/t smith &amp; hoyt. carroll gardens
next 3 nabes are what i call a tree grows in brooklyn brooklyn. urban. great subway. manhattan close
another terror attack in anantnag.. this time on pdp leader's house....remove afspa...?
pdp? very good. lets have trifurcation and repeal of 370 and flooding the area with armed hindus.
oh stop black hole banner doesn't say oakland on it relax
they came back and apologized black hole banner up
anil mentioned , and by name as superstar developers. :)
yeah baby! he said though :)
because we built this country.
no, we didn't and you know that.
finally giving bojack horseman another shot &amp; holy shit is the pilot over-expository.
also can we talk aboutt how maybe dumping the whole season of a thing all at once maybe lowers its quality episode to episode?
when you thought your bodega guy was chill but he manages to call you "scrumptious" six times in the span it takes to pay for a bag of chips
turns out people become very concerned with the difficulties you face in finding sour cream &amp; onion chips when you're cute
in all honesty, you didn't miss anything substantial besides passive aggressive othering of non-cishet poc.
their narrative of events differs from your though
lol y'all not good. y'all couldn't score on one of the worst defenses in the league
we're okay and ou offense will get it together we in a new system and we need a running back
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
hillary sent her warmest regards and promised the victims that she would be sending thousands more isis immigrants. nyc why
you all alright? just heard about what happened in nyc.
we're all good here a lot more police everywhere it was a little scary last night!
damn. this ad from clinton
i think we can take the vote right now.
sen. warren wants to know why the doj hasn't criminally prosecuted anyone responsible for the 2008 financial crisis.
8 years later once the statute of limitations have run? is just putting on another show.
there have been 29,236 deadly islamic terrorist attacks since 9-11 but please don't use the word "terror" it might offend muslims.
are any muslims offended by the fact that other muslims are cheering the new york bombing? twitter is awash with congratulations and praise.
who are you voting for and why?
trump and i use to work in the energy sector 18 yrs and i don't like hillary lost 2 jobs because of the regulations
check your grandma's living room. if it's missing drapes, giuliana rancic is wearing them on the red carpet.
no tim they are covering your windows after the blast on chelsea
chris christie: " it's not true that [trump] kept [birtherism] up for five years." governor, it is 100 percent true.
you lying oaf. you are a puppet for evil and regular lies not falsehoods, lies!!!
outdoor at oonpafest. brats. beer. mets winning. unsure on giants until i get a refill. tied last time
you sir are winning at sunday. :)
happy birthday beautiful! love you, hope you have a good one !
thank you
gotta snitch her out
her mom swears she's an angel , but i mind my business, i did what i could
yeah you would be lmao
still worth it tho, imagine the video's of get to make with oma
sunday capt. beefheart vibes captain beefheart &amp; his magic band - german tv 1972
jeez that drummer, so good!
okay.... you are somewhat sensible..lets play!
thank you i'll take that as a compliment
oh really?
you're a savage but beats you
i was looking at it &amp;' i was like this looks like a big ipod
i'll just waste 200$ on an ipod instead of 800 on the 7
after the surgery i'm not supposed to exert my neck in any way (like driving) but i haven't relaxed it for almost two weeks now.
it feels like a column of 70% dry cement. so much so that it feels like my ears will start popping at any moment.
ill be your crying shoulder
i'm sobbing do u want to kill me ?
can you ask people you're friendly with to hang out?? can you go to clubs by yourself?? how?
sometimes it's nice to go get coffee or go to lunch with a potential friend!
i know! it's just really hard because of trains and stuff. i would probably die if i stayed overnight in the city.
yeah trains breaking was so fucking stressful
for the amount of emphasis put on innovation for solving first world problems there is an alarming gap for addressing well being and health
i did a gap analysis and a 1.5 hour massage just now to do my part. *salutes*
or maybe we can adopt japan's immigration policies.
i'm committed to america until my kids are grown. and to ensure we destroy deplorable like you.
you look like the expiration. or worsen autism a clear set of friends. the gene-pool is common nt if i better looking.
yes, it's clear you mutated from a rock or some such thing. go back t your mum and take your medication.
is ever actually going to be an election issue? the key moments when the justices could catch our attention:
already is, its just we have a little distracted by all of bs
the fuck was that series? cmike gets going and you immediately take him out for a rookie? fuck out of here, bevell.
"they said it was a committee i'm gonna make it a committee dammit!"
i'm actually sort of mad that i have to watch this new lethal weapon show
what if it's somehow.......good
johnson is doing twice as well with the limited exposure too
that's because he draws from conservatives, libertarians, and neo-liberals. and the libertarians are way better funded.
land's end? presidio?
lafayette park looking out to fort mason. this is one block from my apartment building.
in the us or worldwide?
not on directv
in all honesty, you didn't miss anything substantial besides passive aggressive othering of non-cishet poc.
but they felt any member of a marginalized group is wasting his time demanding assistance from a dominant group. period.
rt &amp; follow for a chance to win this classic joker hikari!
this is so cool
fun fact: i cannot pee in the ocean. even if i dedicate the last hour of a snorkel trip to a meditative state to release my bladder.
it's not nearly as freeing as you'd think
jaehee deserves the world tbh
i did this one too but under a bunch of other layers
harvard study confirms the media tore down clinton, built up trump and sanders
wrong. ________________________sanders built himself up. ______________________the media ignored him for months
johnson is doing twice as well with the limited exposure too
and it's good to see you agree hillary is in big trouble...:)
opinion | because punk still rocks - the new york times
'punk rock' got me immediately. i grew up w/that stuff. my hair was pink @ one time in high school
not yet. hoping by early am. for those of you who can't attend inside the jets, we also stream live on site.
figure two of forte fitz decker sheldon jalen williams or folk will be at calandras
its cursed !!! it'll make you emo
it worked i'm
first time at boss af thanks for a beautiful time w/best people ...
gr8 campus erin - i'm a bigger fan of &amp; campuses haha
joel sollender, wwii veteran and pow, on what it means when he hears trump insult our vets.
was he really a war hero&gt; how do we know if he was or not?
also can we talk aboutt how maybe dumping the whole season of a thing all at once maybe lowers its quality episode to episode?
the bar is much lower for "will you watch another ep of this right now" vs. "will you remember &amp; make time 2 watch next week?"
see if you can find the typo in this tweet
i can't find be typo
what an honor for kd.
kd wearing that disgusting jersey smh
i am only now returning to the land of the living, but i looked great yesterday
that is a very good skirt
red zone on dtv
i'm going back n forth rams game
. never picked me up after calling me that they will &amp; rec'd a notice i'll be charged $50. better not!!
thanks for taking care of the mishap last night. appreciated.
span wasn't even paying attention. watched him from bleachers
that's what a 3rd base coach is for.
it wasn't so long ago that women faced and took down barriers that can seem ridiculous now.
what does what happened 50yrs ago have to do with anything today? what is the motivation to bring up the past?
noles win! florida state endures over 2 hours of delay to secure the 1-0 victory over the hurricanes.
we needed a win after yesterday
red zone on dtv
snd falcons
following scathing op-ed, donald trump calls former defense sec. robert gates a "clown"
gates part of bush/obama cabal war criminal
the brooklyn public is scarier than the regular public because they are all better dressed than you.
oh my god don't worry about them they're all snugglebugs
odd how after trump ended birtherism in 2011 he added an afterword to his book saying the certificate could be fake.
i truly don't understand how so many people are being conned by trump! nyers aren't that shd say something!
presenting important new proposed features and targets in ee 9.
oops, that's :)
you can take the boy out of france but not france out of the boy. drinking ros while coding. as one does.
swift playground?
ill be your crying shoulder
being shot multiple times would probably hurt less
todd gurley needs 20 more carries ..
how bout a touchdown lol
cory gearrin faced six cardinals and struck out five of them. maybe he should be in the ninth-inning mix?
bwhahahahaha that's some funny shit right there.
i'm in 's favorite city this week! i hope he is somewhere jealous lol
i'm not even mad, enjoy it for me!!
friemds pls write me!!!! i miss yall
(text me for my address)
man on wire and citizenfour were so great they both won the highest awards possible. why do re-enactment versions of them?
strongly agree.
haha. sure kid. black slaves and chinese coolies did right. gtfo
enjoy this season my friend. your kind is soon to be extinct. hope you're adaptable
up yours chad. you are a paid .
chad. you have no balls.
it's my birthday in ibiza and i'm with my best friends drinking red bull vodkas happy is an understatement here's to year 23!!
happiest birthday my love!!! enjoy every second!!!
so i take it things ain't looking good for the raiders sorry fuckers rt : dirty bitches!
losing bet they ain't lost... how are those feet
dude i thought you were the nicer ashley :/ you didn't want to say bye to me again :(
lmfao!! i'm just as mean as ash. it's an ashley thing but i love you and would never tie you to a pole &amp;burn you
atlanta and oakland...who you watching
same plus rams vs hawks
good morning blessed friends "
blessed sunday to you all hope your day is great
dreams vs nightmares
pls remember
atheists may have faith in things but that doesn't prove that god exists, faith proves nothing
i'm not out to prove god's existence, just think through science and faith working together.
omg what if you both got one
i wouldn't get her one bc of the fact is falling being an issue but messing with her in one would be just as fun
oh it's not just the pilot the entire show is ironically over expository
ugh it'll reserve judgement but it feels lazy
posing with spankers is out cold in the pugs-royce
spotted: lady being my posing assistant
kai already moved up to the bw 80. guess all those years of keeping and maintaining my old gear finally paid off
keep plenty of bandaids on hand. be safe!
i'm really obsessed with my figure lol
work those curves ma
(text me for my address)
if u want to send me stuff pls send me flavorful food bc the food in the dining halls is too bland for this chicana
evil these days is a short russian with a little man complex or a pudgy american who's a spoiled brat.
. you are right. so in other words we have two devils amongst us. we should have two gods to save us. lol!
that's awesome. i love seeing 11:11, 2:22 and 3:33 also
thanks equally geeky brother larry. bringing it to true geek level would make it 11:11:11 (and taking photo/posting)
oh my god don't worry about them they're all snugglebugs
they just want you to succeed and also somehow to get free drinks
let me know what you think.
have you played everybody's gone to the rapture? i've been on that lately and it's just as beautiful
i love this video because of how good my mom looks
that's my mom
exposed as what you detest in yourself? k.
sorry, i stopped using the "i know u r but what am i?" defense in kindergarten
oh she is. she's a weak candidate who needs to get her act together
shes beyond that. shes clearly very sick, and the dems took the wrong stragegy of hammering trump &amp; expecting progressives 2 join
this is problematic in that their reaction is reflexive supremacist binary thinking.
would of loved to partake
joel sollender, wwii veteran and pow, on what it means when he hears trump insult our vets.
obama has come up with a plan to get all money the senior citizens have you are using his policies will this be your policy
that's a fruit?! oohhh. btw congrats on your giveaway, you are wine famous now!
i guess it's a fruit, i have no idea how to eat em. thanks, you should enter!
watching the red carpet from london at 11pm. because what else does one do after 5 shows, 1 overnight flight and no sleep?
was waiting for your tweets, and hoped you didn't fall asleep indeed and there you are now!!
i love washington definitely would consider moving here when i get out.
i was considering moving either there or oregon for school because its cheaper and nicer and washington people are so rad
i am right here
big man unblocked me. lol your imam is getting his ass kicked here. lol losers.
like you jack. i hope you're not holding your breath
ha i'm not...as davis hit # 40. thinking about making another trip west to see golden 1 center. looks beautiful!
e! going with the b team tonight.
snort laugh but seriously who is their a team?!
a wise man: write drunk, edit sober me, a much wiser man: vlog on acid, make somebody else edit it
how much you take?
in conclusion
the point is if people under 30 voted trump wouldnt win. 60% of the american population is left. none of them vote
if you like trump as a disruptor of the status quo, so did until he spent time talking with him
one world gov dummy
you're a perfect representation of the degradation of education
so much blister from someone w/ an avatar. must be fun to judge ppl from the bottle of cowardice.
they spelt meant wrong!
and they said "your" instead of "you're"
new game: if i'm minding my business via internet and u try to roast me i am judging u solely based on ur tumblr and how u engaged me.
rules: if you either have a tumblr or engage me you lost the game.
totally. the whole thing was awesome from teh get-go.
that's dope. but to survive, you're right, they have to take responsibility and let people know they hear them.
and some of the highest taxes in the world. i pay about 43%, w/state,fed,local taxes.
and we have the 6th largest economy,jobs,infrastructure improvements, clean air..
aww i had no idea, where was this? thanks amelia! within our crew many quotes became inside jokes!
this was at
during a rally yelled out there's my black, refuses to rebuke kkk leader duke
they don't care, that's what they like about him.
i think dis a hillside thing, sorry im highland crew lmaoooo
lmfapo omgggg i thought youd still hear them tho bcus of how loud they are
lol but i was feelin the word today
yu hella funny cuzz i was feeling the word today
i love it when reality collapses: a pap pic of a selfie. now all we need is a fan pic of a pap pic of a selfie.
hahaha, you guys know his schedule better than he does
zork quest: assault on egreth castle text:
lgtm % nit. "based on the nearly presence" "nearby"?
it's not nearly as freeing as you'd think
i suspect i'd get a lot more out of standing on the beach and peeing on the sand in blatant defiance of the ocean
mlb needs to eliminate the "god bless america" thing.
love this country but 150% agree
i am right here
so frightening. wrong country ahmadi asshole.
faith is belief despite the absence of evidence. to say science and faith are the same is wrong and insulting
w' respect, i'd call that a false dichotomy. some people of faith reject science, true-but certainly not all
no question about who i'm most excited to see on the red carpet: keri russell and matthew rhys
and queen bey!! i'm shouting
happy birthday bro stay lit
goodlookin out bro
. quick! insert perfectly timed train message! :o
message applies because: a. i am sleepy as heck right now. b. i need a shave! :p
my grandma just called me telling me she is so excited she can zoom in on instagram
am i the only one that cant
south life
i asked you abt 3 weeks ago "lets go in bush" and u told me no... i hurt
that's what a 3rd base coach is for.
yeah.. they both suck
or send me vintage postcards bc obviously i dont have enough
or lights or anything honestly (im not opposed to cold hard money if u wanna sponsor my metro card or somethin)
"hi-five" moves cal past harvard in 6-2 rout! read more:
congrats to on his record setting day and on a big weekend.
:o get help? for what?!
for being a sleepy lunatic. :p
i know. i feel like it's the same here. whatever any source says the temp is, is wrong. is there a better source?
i find the best source is walking outside. and here, i'm probably walking from one microclimate to another anyway.
american football it's called "foot"ball but they only really use there hands it's called foot"ball" but they don't really use a ball
european futebol, not even spelled the right way. so....
so, what do the candidates' foundations do again?
seems like one of you should step out of the race since that is a conflict of interest si hope it is hilla
your party has the history of racism not republicans. we see everyone as individuals, where democrats group people into segments.
lol yeah right...
anyone have and interested in sleuthing for my stolen truck? reward if my property is recovered
maybe , , , or have some advice/could help?
bring it cuck. i've already killed for my nation. miss the rush tbh. trust me. you fags ain't got the firepower or the balls.
but we do have the numbers, the guns, and love of freedom.
no major party nominee has been as unfit to be president of the united states as donald trump. here's why.
until u &amp; the hag arrived
the whole meme of "generational divide" in hip hop is dumb. hip hop was the renegades of funk. that is, a culture who eschewed the past.
if the kids want to be corny that's cool but purposely disrespecting big, pac, premier, nas... puts all rap in precarious position.
english might give you a better chance to communicate. however, i am not interested in anything you have to spit up.
pretty obvious is a few fries short of a happy meal.
for being a sleepy lunatic. :p
actually, the train was flashing a psa on the display. it just happened to wind up on those words. :p
misinformation that paul planted in her ear.
and the fact that shes to dumb to ask james anything and just believe everything paul says
one of the greatest of all time
you're absolutely right
true! a wine and food festival had been on the agenda, but it was too hot to brave anything farther inland.
i'm melting in san francisco. can only imagine how it is across the bay haha.
well they are wrong
respectfully i think it's good to read hard and sift it all carefully...
in week 2? nah
big picture of course not. i just meant looks like a trap
only to be taken to task yet again. i would boycott but i don't do tired and ugly, so i'm never a fan.
what is so hard about sorry i was insensitive, oblivious, and obtuse but think of cultural sensitivity in the future?
diversity + proximity = war. hope your able to s,m &amp; c
if extermination is what it takes we're happy to oblige
this is you if your parents found out
i dont even care that much if they find out before i come out.
when we stand together - as white, black and hispanic, gay and straight, women and men - we trump hate.
the only thing you never mention about representing the white population only the blacks and mexicans
this updates /ipsos electoral map shows more than nearly anything how much has changed in just a month.
u are the best thing that happened to donald trump. keep him on message. ur terrific
i swear these dogs think they're human sometimes
how toby be
by raising taxes, which is very helpful for residents pocket book. more and more taxes
womens rights, lgbt rights, fully integrated regions that are peaceful, oceans...
the signal for bobbling a pass looks like the ref is making fun of the receiver
always makes me think of this
place your bets here, who did it: a). muslim terrorists b). white mental illness c). black lives matter d). the radical amish.
-i would go for b) -white mental illness, possibly up to and including trump himself.
no, you're wrong. he has massive support from cops nationwide. you're the exception.
not with most nypd officers to which i'm one does not speak for me
that was all in first half
he is a beast!!
it's not just demanding assistance, it's demanding accountability for lack of communication and solidarity
i think that's very idealistic
yasss more dates, you heat that!
yeah in october
when i picked up bella &amp; dropped her in the water, she sunk to the bottom and couldnt swim up every1 looked at me like i was terrible lmao
did you ever teach her to swim? ^_^
hardly i have not been on most of the day and i never blocked you
i never said you did. try and keep up.
"read up on your history. it matters. we've got to get people to vote." -:
trying to change your sorry legacy
as we said, we have had type inference since 2004...
sure, i was referring to the new features you mentioned in the keynote.
why would you want a collection of eye melting ads that would explode your brains by looking at it?
because it's a pinnacle of entertainment for me on roblox
for all of a few minutes
that's my review of the movie
your tax dollars at work.
not a design error supply chain issue
i would like one!!! but man you're giving me all the manga i want to support with my money lol
blame the publisher, my dude
your mom is on twitter???
unfortunately yes. she still learning
is this legal where this happened? if not legal, what punishment will occur?
there is global ban on whale hunting per iwc; condemned hunt &amp; says f*ck you.
u guys can visit me while ur at it
sounds like a plan!
wow blood round table!!!
ill eat roundtable too.. we just had chinese last night babe! i couldnt go to panda..
new vid!! "100 layers of 100 layers videos" // am i doing youtube right
this video made me cringe when you opened all 100 tabs
well they are wrong
i'm not out to undercut atheism. there are some great arguments to be sure. just keeping it real
hardly i have not been on most of the day and i never blocked you
hardly? look at all the people opposing you. moron.
"what sizes do you have" "what drinks are there"
*sizes on display* *drink options slightly to their right*
oh, neat. i'm not familiar with that park (never spent too much time in your precise nook of sf).
from the hill above washington st., it looks like the bay is a block away. but it's several hills and 1.5 miles in reality.
i'm trying to adult but i'm currently having a crisis in the grocery store because they don't have frozen chicken nuggets
i can't reach the pop tarts i want.
i did lol but only after i saw your tweet and i listened very closely
lmfaooo &amp; my dad called me jus now &amp; said "look outside theres a parade" but i wanna know it its about lol
sns i can't hang out as much anymore due to work, i don't have the privilege of receiving a monthly allowance from mommy and daddy
@ whoever this applies to
chio you just petty lol you don't the right level of comeback you just go to op shit lol
ok point given to
thanks, that is my goal every single time.
it would take incredible skill to be that bad, and i don't think tim is. compliment
this updates /ipsos electoral map shows more than nearly anything how much has changed in just a month.
and will continue to change as the veil of corruption is pulled off of "crooked hil liar y!
hardly i have not been on most of the day and i never blocked you
i told you my voice would outweigh yours. you lose "tough guy".
i love how it appears like its own medium/media/format/thing- not pixels, not polys
like, mudgame
i can't even watch anymore.
watch foxnews then you'll live in the alternate universe where their propaganda is true and everyone is in "danger" lol
tysm correy. i will b calling tomorrow morning about assistance 2 what/if they can help us.
u have to go to the offices.phone calls just waste time
ned will not stop holding shady churches accountable for their negative actions. full video:
if yall holding groups accountable, hold everybody accountable, not just the weak sheep slaves in some church with tamborines
i did lol but only after i saw your tweet and i listened very closely
lmfaooo &amp; my dad called me jus now &amp; said "look outside theres a parade" but i wanna know its about lol
who's having me over to raid their fridge?
you're invited.
these niggas aint jesus, they aint gone die for you, and only time will tell whats gone lie for you..
but seeing is believing what defines the truth
": crawl back under your rock lowlife." i can't you white extremists have filled it up lol
only lowlifes support the barbarity of the koran.
nyc mayor on explosion: we're not jumping to conclusions |
blasio warned the nypd if they stopped a citizen walking down the street with a pressure cooker it would violate his rights !
yeah i've lived here since jan and i love it
then youre totally rad!jealous!! how's the weather been?
": crawl back under your rock lowlife." i can't you white extremists have filled it up lol
i do not care about skin color. nice try creep.
so what exactly is donald trump hiding from voters? pretty much everything.
you wish and you have accused him of many things that ar truly just lies. besides you will soon ne out of the running
how tf am i petty dont be so damn sensitive young guppy!
nevermind i take that backi love you chio
yeah, she's ill with a common disease. you wouldn't get rid of a ceo or a congress person for being a ill like hc
wrong. she's a 68 year old woman with a concussion &amp; blood clot in her recent past, a history of seizures &amp; memory loss, and..
we went swimming together in a lake like 3 years ago but that's it lol
oh boi no wonder she doesn't know how to swim lol
that's hilary... living in the future as usual
why are you the first one to notice this
i'm seeing justin tomorrow igddjkks isbthis real
it's not tuesday though yet
what country ?
america. as i told you in the past.
to clarify, you are able to log in on your phone?
downloading the app now to give it a try
what does mean to you (&amp; how is broccoli related)? wise words from
i'm very excited that you got a vegetable in there.
same here, but hey at least that gives me more time to save up a lot more money for the purpose tour.
i think it is
"we have to face the world as it is but commit ourselves to turning it into what it should be." -hillary
america is the way it is because of obama and his policies it can only get better i hope to god
we deserve a chance too
woliver you not even in that category pa.
yeah, she's ill with a common disease. you wouldn't get rid of a ceo or a congress person for being a ill like hc
....now a serious illness that literally made her collapse. thats very scary for somebody who is a rampant warmonger.
new heartwarming comic dub featuring !
he done it again scribbler. this time you almost made me into tears. so magnificent!
hey this is a clear spam/scam! please keep the platform safe
report that ad!
henderson scored for liverpool. gundogan scored for man city. xhaka scored for . and here is pogba.
man u fans blamed ,then they blamed mou, &amp; now pogba.i think there's something else we don't know behind the scenes
that's crazy
we gotta calm down
i don't like doritos cool rancho or cheddar and i don't like cheetos except the flaming hotties
u must b a hoe then
a simpsons song mount rushmore without "happy birthday, lisa" is not a real simpsons song mount rushmore
any list without "talking softball" is a shit list
by raising taxes, which is very helpful for residents pocket book. more and more taxes
snow skiing, water skiing, yosemite, desert, redwood forests-protected.
do you mind getting him in touch with me? i'd like to talk to him.
sure... where should he reach you?
i just finished writing one for some reason. should have just pasted this: \_()_/
sully definitely wins for late-summer biopic of the year
it's stuck in the dryer!!
dyeing my hair now! it's hiding under the grey
finally did get to ride kingda ka . it really is front row or bust. but that 128mph launch up 456ft is no joke
the day wasn't all roses &amp; sunshine. i'm peeved i spent $70 on a flash pass to not skip any lines.
no matt damon though, right?
as far as i could tell, no
yeah, she's ill with a common disease. you wouldn't get rid of a ceo or a congress person for being a ill like hc
so, most of us progressives were rejecting the corrupt warmonger anyway. this health issue puts more past the cusp.
happy birthday hope today was lit
thanks gf
i had pupusas. they were good.
i am more pupusa than man at this point. i need a nap.
haha! that means it's time for the next bottle, eh?
probably so!
it is in france!! it's already 12:15am aha
but he's off tomorrow though
women, please do wear brandon maxwell tonight.
and kids please share name of designers also, rather than only your opinions.
keep the questions coming! reply to this tweet with your questions about buying tickets! we do not know official prices!
do you think floor seats will sell out within the first hour?
simple eye makeup with some bomb ass liner
her brows omg
is that a oxtail tho
n ox tail is dominican too lol
no, no sara they're not
first of all how dare you
imma get a heart tattoo on my big toe. it's going to be so cute :)
nastiness. how despicable
nicole you accidentally took my blanket home with you
sorry i thought it was mine
afro-san is back!...next friday. for now i will be streaming non-online games.
dusting-off my ps4 and installing 4.0 firmware.
yesterday now on to the
good luck to all of you! have an awesome time ...
dear racist, xenophobes: stop using events in our city to push your hateful ideology &amp; agenda. we do not agree with you. thanks.
is donald trump at it again! unfortunately he's but one of many.
no you aren't at all. you are lying to further your story. it's embarrassing and offensive af
not trying to lie or accuse, just remind us all that some scientists maintain faith, while others don't.
the remote kiernan dissected has mysteriously reappeared put back together however it's missing a button
lmao only him
mandatory selfie with
nice. where was this. ?
you know what's a great way to get a touchdown? throw it into the end zone.
that was really insightful, thanks. cc:
god i know. i want more though. let me mask the screen first -&gt; mark up -&gt; clipboard.
yup. here's to the crazy ones!
why cam newton look like the dude from the simpsons who tried to convince them to build a monorail?
i fuck with complex heavy but ya can't complain about fox sports when u steal tweets/ideas too.
i remember a scene in which was sshing into stuff to fix a server all from his ipad. that was both amazing and amusing.
if all you have is an ipad pro, totally doable, but why in the world do i have this feeling with a mbp available?
sorry to miss you at , really enjoyed your talk. what's the best way to contact you?
glad you enjoyed it! email is nisha.chittal.com
": crawl back under your rock lowlife." i can't you white extremists have filled it up lol
you are one of those self-loathing white liberals. lol pathetic.
on the west coast a lot of women are getting thc prescriptions for topical and internal use for cramps. i need.
this further convinces me that the earth gave us all the medicine we need, except dick bcus that is directly from god.
simply choosing is the hardest thing ever
uconn with the most passionate basketball fan base in us!
having a chat room in ur college seminar is like watching a bunch of kids in hs ask the teacher stupid ass questions but u gotta read them
at least now i can live-tweet my classes
overheard at jfk between three white people "you guys are very hospitable, you must be from the us"
followed by "i don't mean to be disparaging" without a hint of irony
what does that have to do with not defeating islam ?
wow are you dense. america will never fall to islam.
finally a playground for java, maybe scripting also coming ?
it ca be a possibility. it would be great to have it.
monorail! what's it called? monorail! once again monorail!
best tweet ever, but the mk unwashed may never know
wasn't pretty by any means but a win is a win. love going to battle with my brothers.
nice game today. big time sack. clutch play.
in a normal election, these 126 things would disqualify trump from becoming president:
did you forget everything you have done hillary. how could you and all democrats make money off of the people
jus better in general cuz u kno what u getting &amp; u kno what strains u like &amp; don't instead of jus picking up from ya guy
i see your point of view now
do you know what themes we should do for our shows for the next two weeks?
don't know but guess what,
twitter now verifies tom, dickshit and harry.
oye hoye on fiyah.
celebrating riley's 3rd birthday and 1 year cancer free!!
well done riley!!
but once he's brought back for 'real' in s7 - meaning he'd been there the whole time - they kill the dude.
as soon as he showed up in that s7 episode, i was like "he's gonna die." i mean, why else bring him back that late in the game?
this is what happens when you call a woman a liar for 20 years. the msm should be ashamed. ppl are brain wash.
-she even lied about her name, saying she was named after edmund hillary- only she was already 5yrs old when he climbed everest!
read the hadith oh forgot you cannot read
i can read fine. i read all of your lies.
yesss and he will already be in paris
but i don't get it so it's not going to be tuesday when he's in paris performing
catch me talking to jacque about alexa and to alexa about jacque
jacque and i should talk abt u
soon to be. just remove the fokker part
stop tweeting me
if you want to go to college or are saddled with student debt, you'll want to read what has to say:
gag tim kaine such a losre
are you ready for it? it's time. details on how to enter at ends tonight
i thought a lunar eclipse?
cheekbones and chest...here's benas!
amazing work cal. stunning pic and model! who is the model w ?? lol
i want a boyfriend i can take cute polaroids with
worddd vice versa wit this
ill watch it. i'm a jgl completist
tbh he's the reason i went
get my friend to 6.6k her shop is as amazing as her
i've been following her she's the best
i didn't sign up for this
they lie. it's 83 not 59 in the haight
yes. the morons who want to be scientists but can't let go of their security gods
this conversation is getting a bit disrespectful, i think i'll bow out.
this further convinces me that the earth gave us all the medicine we need, except dick bcus that is directly from god.
good dick is from god, wack dick i'm pretty sure is from ashton kutcher, cause what a joke.
kendrick lamar &amp; mac miller on a track is
so is my boy derrick carrs accuracy
why do people think this is cute and funny
why y'all @ me when i obviously don't give a shit?
wait a minute. is microsoft excel named excel because spreadsheets are made of rows of cells? has that been sitting there for 31 years?
you're not gonna believe why they called the other one microsoft word.
no, you're wrong. he has massive support from cops nationwide. you're the exception.
all nypd officers are exceptional
i couldn't tell you. but, clearly some struggle with being a decent human, like it is doing the most.
it's really not that hard most of us do it every. single. day.
just like every iphone prior to the iphone 5.
i know, sep 2012. that was always a bit annoying having cables in both ends.
lol what happened, i'm in the car
of course you are
little nasty
chill lol i needed it
did you get our wedding gift yesterday?a white picture frame painted purple and yellow? it was in an ikea bag
yes thank you so much
while i like that he's with friends again,i don't like that they pulled him out of intense grief overnight
i don't mind it. it wasn't exactly overnight. he can't stay miserable forever. he has to stay strong for thomas.
not big enough
oh i know big ^_^
poklonskaya on demands for sanctions for elections in crimea: comrade poroshenko needs a psychiatrist, can't cope.
-poklonskaya is now the bitch of bitches known and hated the world over for her ruthlessness in crimea.
he can just dm me here. or i can dm you my phone number and you can pass it his way.
i don't he has twitter and he only speaks spanish. so i can email you cc'ing him and his manager (for translation)
thinks only his side makes lists. lol.
oh, it's not for me sir. but it is important a record is kept. cheers
if i may interject. faith definition is varied...
great input! thanks!
of all the emmy nominees on my fridge, this one's my fave. get it, !!!
i'd love a kiss from him too!!!
lol what happened, i'm in the car
td raiders bitch!!!
you couldn't understand a simple tweet. you're not in any position to ask anything.
the only thing simple here is your mind.
actually these ahadith have been refuted. watch
islam still allows child marriage.
as soon as he showed up in that s7 episode, i was like "he's gonna die." i mean, why else bring him back that late in the game?
his disappearance was just a symptom of voyagers big "let's remove anything that will cause conflict between the crew" problem.
the media shoukd stick to claims and let voters make judgments. we know they're in the bag for clinton, so not surprising..
oh stop. one you start talking about being "in the bag" you are clearly ridiculous.
ah, the lovely virtuous left:
i can't believe the mother of a marine would support a man who slams our generals &amp; praises putin
no, there is not.
the members of cheap trick would like a word with you.
ugh i had to explain this to my group dm
i am both delighted and mortified that you took this time to explain my joke. but thank you!!
g'day . charlotte has a request for the 1:00 show...
thank you for the sign!!! hope you enjoyed the show
pence and kaine differ over trump's suggestion for clinton to ditch her "bodyguards"
trump should have his bodyguards disarmed in this event.
unreal challenge by del rio. not sure i've ever seen that before
awesome job by the coach. by any means neccessary.
let people vote their conscience. if she loses, the blame is on the dem party for choosing a shitty candidate.
conscience should include an awareness that your vote will have consequences for other people and is not simply self-expression.
honesty is always the best policy. and it's more fun for your fans.
honest is what i hope i do best. :)
as said, this election is about what kind of country we want to be and what we want to leave behind for future generations.
yes it is. we don't want another dictator who sits on his throne purposely destroying america
reminiscing by makes me love the city more and more
hahah thank you!
when your college starts a week after all your friends'
when ur college starts a month before all your friends
actually these ahadith have been refuted. watch
what part of we will never respect islam don't you get?
must watch from our panel today: castellanos: there's an 'otherness' about pres. obama
chuck could be a better moderator. birther was stated by trump he is lying plain and simple. don't let up as this is racist
charles kelly
lol you can't have a star on defense in the nfl but he would definitely try.
he is performing on tuesday and wednesday but he is already on his way to paris
but you said it's tuesday there and he's off tomorrow
i think you forgot to finish
what i was saying was
louis outside of starbucks in la yesterday (17.09.2016) (5-7)
thanks guys for just updating and not criticise him like half the fandom seems to do
lol your 2-0 is not even a strong 2-0 and you're doing this
still 2-0 no matter how you look at it
update: fled. i yelled "where are the details of your charitable donations!" at volume of man warning of volcanic eruption.
thank you david for shouting loudly. you are a journalist of highest honor. thank you!!
on to week 3 and !
that photo is offensive....
you don't need anything you wanted* it
w.e i had to put it out anyway
that's what *blank* said
don't talk about like that
while i like that he's with friends again,i don't like that they pulled him out of intense grief overnight
plus it's not like abby's really dead. if she was then it would be an issue.
you can take your 2-2 storylines and ::tackled by fcc::
but are they 3-3 or 4-4 storylines now?
watching cleopatra. screen: the end me: so soon? 11yr: thank god 14yr: what happens next? screen: exit music 11yr: seriously?!
you should be watching murder my sweet, great contrast to liz and dick
why was i @ on this
that's what i'm confused about
the best one is billy dee williams because he saw a drowned starlet pleading for help in his bathroom mirror and just straight-up left
lando ain't got time for this
yeah maybe they mean october or later in the year, before the year is up idk. well see tho
yeah we will
. since 2011... seems to be very well supported by neighbors.
i find myself unable to enjoy these events, having heard so much fear and negativity from the neighbors. :-(
happy birthday ! have a good one
thank you!!
we are doing what we can to provide quality education for refugee students but we need support!
please keep me posted on (as noted in the linkedin invitation i just sent). c
what's a good fast dry ball point pen? anybody got any favourites to draw with???
dry?? hybrid technica 03 is my fav ballpoint
the recall will likely fail. but if done correctly, can damage schaaf politically.
do you have someone you'd prefer who can actually win a mayoral race?
when i think my message was ignored &amp; realize it wasn't sent.
ugh. yes. the worst because you can't boomerang a message hung in drafts.
retweet for a chance to win tickets for chivas vs morelia game at avaya stadium in san jose! fri 10/7!
me please please please
when you wake up to spanish music you know you gonna spend ya day cleaning
hahaha so accurate, especially in sundays.
"our government only works as well as the people we elect" - calling on congress to do their job:
then why are you endorsing and protecting crooked hillary? liar
happy birthday laker fam! go crazy on your 21st for me lol!
thank you!! happy birthday to you too :)
i have so much due in seminary but first i need to watch god's not dead 2 and livetweet it.
this is obviously the best choice you could ever make. you should be exempt from a week of homework, just for this.
we need ideas, not insults. plans, not paranoia. we can't let 's legacy fall into the hands of someone who doesn't understand that.
people who writes all the books will tell the truth about the obama administration. he is sorry and a weasel
i have three water bottles in my bag, work is cancelled.
i'm almost finished drinking the third bottle and my stomach hurts real bad and i may or may not piss myself within the next few minutes
even though it's in her own words. wow!!
there are countless videos i could send of trump if i wanted. you &amp; i won't agree on anything other than liking phillies.
who knew all it took was just rendering the files as high resolution mpegs.
have you ever stumbled across any high (or even medium) quality files of a different world?
that's so strange l
haha. the athletics play here too and it's still baseball season
new york explosion a test for clinton and trump. afr thinks clinton better at handling terror! via
intentional explosion? is that sort of like a white hispanic?
this guy is telling me he isn't calling me, but he just called me three times in the last 20 minutes. i don't know if this a joke or what.
stalker lies lol
it stems from all the preseason hype everyone else has to endure every year only to hear them trash their team during the season
your ears must be more receptive to this "hype" than mine. only 4/20 here say skins win nfc east
tom herman
lol that won't happen. but damn good choice.
you puttin words in my mouth missy? lol!!!
i better get my visa/passport ready if trump becomes president..cause i have a feeling things are going to get very bad!!
now you are attacking people's genitals? boy..*sniff* that smell of desperation. whats the matter not getting any
he's the one suffering not us!
uh, oakland police salaries are $100,000, $200,000. look where that's taken us.
apples and oranges.
no it does not. produce a verse from the quran stating so
really? what is the age min then?
watch: barack obama admits he was born in kenya..
okay is this real or edited? do i hear obama stating he is not american?
standard, high line provides free room, dinner for residents displaced by
i think you took my photo
waves and howdy from iowa - thanks for sharing dragonfly poem
twas a pleasure to read and share ;)
let's not forget taylor trading away bentley .
awful trade.
"our government only works as well as the people we elect" - calling on congress to do their job:
- barack obama - g.o.a.t. - americas great already!
it kinda feels weird to be living in my own apartment
them house parties thoo
what i do when the forget to invite me to the party.
how dare they!
where have i seen this before? hmmm...
it's a constant learning from each other :)
something seems to be going on now in , lots of police on fdr, ferry stopped for 10m already:
2/ looks like a convoy from south seaport. perhaps a leader going to the ?
i uniformly hate the entire nfc east
fair. actually you know what, same. although the redskins occasionally surprise me
: tell us where or when skechers was founded using &amp; for a chance to win big!
was founded 1992
it's always easy for a liberal to insult someone.
the only person who can choose to feel insulted is you. i think you take it well.
this year, janelle beat breast cancer with the support of her family, friends, and a presidential candidate.
i guess you are taking credit for that...take credit for all the disgusting things you do also
now there's some clown who wants to put a projector in his gf's tiny house so he can play video games. you gotta ditch this zero, gurl!
three kids in a tiny house?! that's almost child abuse.
dear you're an idiot. stop trying to push your narrative by leading us with false info sincerely, dani (nyc born and raised)
agree, idiot, dishonest and typical of his ilk
man if that wasn't a racist bigoted remark... i don't know what.
bigoted against who? criminals?
iran's khamenei's fatwa against women riding bicycles in public - religiously forbidden.
completely disagree with this guy of fatwas
happy 9th bday mjtheboss19 aka aka lil leroy jenkins! love you like a backdoor base race win!
happy birthday, best gs fan!! i wish you a year full of wins, learning, and ice cream.
ha--that's bizarre. maybe it matched the curtains?
the anthropologist in me found it amusingly surreal
need to go shopping.. any suggestions?
come with me to banana republic this week
believe in the greek or norse gods. then you have a whole pantheon to deal with this crap.
. counting on purgatory too.
hey i followed you, please follow me back, thanks! jerry
why wld i follow you? you're a "staunch trump supporter" and i think he's a toxic cesspool of a person. sorry.
don't kick my tired if you ain't gonna drive me home. i love nyc and dachos.
you won't have to be driven home cause my bed is only like 10 minutes away.
and you will never defeat it either :)
try and takeover america. you will not know what hit you. fact.
i love how i was getting railed for saying i wouldn't draft ezekiel elliott in the first round.
caught, and am catching, all kinds of hell for the same thing. apparently saying 2nd round ff grade on zeke = hate him.
damn fool was using an argus
radar always on? you're a freak
so how exactly did donald trump build his own bank account? on the backs of american taxpayers:
are you so worried about trumps money because you are just jealous
i honestly don't get how people can say that rochester sucks when we have so many restaurants that serve amazing poutine.
i had the poutine at blossom pub last night. not bad.
parenthood means being forced to notice how damn weird the lyrics to most lullabies are.
also, the chimes are so relaxing.
is night shift really deserving of this much real estate in control center? don't people who use it set it to auto?
speaks the truth as usual
and you will never defeat it either :)
so you are into child marriages and sex slavery. sick bastard.
this is what happens when you call a woman a liar for 20 years. the msm should be ashamed. ppl are brain wash.
did you ever read about how hillary was kicked off the watergate commitee? look it up and tell me about her honesty!
i lose _my_ mind when i stop and think about it
true it's astonishing sometimes how much we spend just getting by.
update: integration without organization and adaptation is the stupidest thing ever. do that or go back to where you were born.
that's why i've decided to vote for trump.
if this were hillary there would be 24/7 coverage. .
you know it's true
can you spot where storms have been? the bright green stripe near rochester is where rain-cooled air is hanging out!
was in rochester all weekend, rained quite heave sat night.
and you will never defeat it either :)
more than half of america opposes it. more will follow. you have no say here.
it's not sunday until peyton's watching nfl sunday ticket in the park with a gentle old man.
. apps are so buggy. steaming is off on apple tv &amp; this is prompt im still getting on iphone. your tech is
giuliana rancic's cape is inexplicable to me
giuliana rancic is inexplicable to me in general
it is terrifying! my heart breaks for nyc and this country
it is very sad.
jacoby brissett is in a really tough spot. should be watching film to correct mistakes but has no time. must immediately study texans.
might be good in that he has no time to dwell on mistakes.
congrats! it's a great accomplishment. when's the next one?
awesome job!!! welcome to the 1%
hey barton! nice to meet you! i'm here if you have questions.
great to meet you,i will be in touch.
trump went to flint to draw attention to the city's lead poisoning crisis-but he just made a spectacle of himself.
you always say that but the crowds adore him and they are huge
to be fair, it's a fantastic book.
i am actually curious about it :)
covering campaigns and covering explosions, the same thing is needed: proportionality
funny! bernstein trying to male himself relevamt again.
sparky made the java ee slide again. good to see him. kinda expected him to look skinnier, somewhat malnourished. :\
lol, it was fun to see it back though!
he is performing on tuesday and wednesday but he is already on his way to paris
i'm sorry i'm just so confused
how i get there
if you take white plains rd straight up and just turn off on 233 st you can't miss it. and they mad cheap
my spaghetti tastes like someone tampered with it somehow but i'm still eating it
it's not good, but i'm so hungry. lmao fuk
and you will never defeat it either :)
we will never submit. are you going to kill us? if so start with me.
do you have any idea how weird i would make any blog?
"six cats that prove that hot dogs are sandwiches"
true that. (r) is for registered trademarks (costs $2k or more). stating the copyright and trademark = meaningless
she didn't get it. thought someone was attacking her w/ . speaking to her is futile. pearls before swine.
wow it's really fun and cool that laguardia has 2 different c terminals
oh shit what?? also, me and milk are at lga too
dragoneat's bnh m is legit.
is that the tiny new place on haight street?
for free!!?? then count me in!! lol
i have counted you in. and now the count down to nj begin ')
word is they're going to re-up post election. so trump party basically locked in through 2018. likely through 2020.
shocking! hillary needs to pass hate speech laws imprisoning trump on her 1st day of office.
limbo would be a good place for those two
yes! if only right now.
you were supposed to bash me for talking about ny! don't worry; i can take it :)
i am happy you are passionate about your club and . i mean that! rivalries are terrific.
based on own performances and achievements he has to be up there, though top players with top prize probably ranked higher.
i think that piece covered the issue well
try not to lose your shit killary will cheat the election anyway. p.s. your only a hypocrite if you deny it. killary is a killer
oh ok what ever you say teabag! lol
just got a new monument to stalin, under whose regime 6 million people were killed
-a sad day for russia. now putin wonders at the declining population of russia, only 146 million and falling.
two weeks ago he was trashing the dimera livingroom,now they're gonna have him grow closer to gabi...
that was his breakdown. he needed to get that out.
in happier news, matt ryan with another red zone interception.
in a turbulent week, it's nice to know some things never change
surfaced via google photos 3 years ago today.
haha our wild road days
yeah today i didn't feel like going alone
it's okay to eat alone sometimes
thats comical
what are the odds dude?
taking some more ff ls this week, what's new
you bout to win our league chill
these two guys were a big part of applying for $$ to bring more housing near transit! +
bbbbbobli ovnooop
oh shit what?? also, me and milk are at lga too
yeah i'm in the c terminal that's separate from the rest of the airport
well that's your opinion
when you make a claim, it's on you to prove she has the 'diseases' you claim
yep, exactly the kind of response we've come to know &amp; love from anonymous trumpchumps. nicely done.
go away you are a sick individual who couldn't reach high enough to kiss my ass. pure carnival trash.
is group-run news agency claims man who stabbed and wounded 8 at minn. mall was 'soldier of islamic state.'
minnesota invited terror into their children's lives, why ? because they are goddam idiots !!!
do i drink this vodka mixed lemonade that's been left out over night
i made a new drink so we litty
and we know how trump fares in reality tv. also, america is now stupid enough to watch realitytv!!!
as a retired professor i am sick over this
wait. terry gross asked abby wambach if she had to have sex with a man in order to find out she was a lesbian? take me back to the lockout!
what's funny was that i was listening to that podcast episode and had to rewind bc i couldn't believe the question!
council mementos make 85,000+ a year, do they not?
what do the top 11 people at a $1 billion/year budgetted ngo or corporation make?
"you woke me up for a bomb in ? when i'm president, i'll get some sleep &amp; you guys are gonna pay."
like one of rhose zombie movies
awesome! we appreciate you being a good sport. it'd make us sad seeing you bearing a grudge.
i've been flying american pretty exclusively since '97... every relationship has turbulence every now and then!
plus the psyops before i realize it's unilaterally unintentionally one sided.
right? which is why when i feel pang, i check that first. this is benefit of yesware. you go to check pixel &amp; realize wasn't sent.
i believe the show is still on n etflix. thinking about just recording from there to discs on my machine.
oh i didnt know it was on netflix....i'm gonna have to research to see how i can save from their to my computer
it would appear the astros baserunning isn't going to correct itself this year.
as true in september as it was in april.
nope. that picture doesn't tell the whole story.
but every picture tells a story... don't it? ;)
if caffeine and the "do not disturb" button didnt exist idk what id do with my life
drink a nice tall glass of bleach
also, the chimes are so relaxing.
i was so excited the day i found my favorite spanish singer's songs were lullabied.
makes you want to support the scary white ex-kgb agent, rather than:
so you're white and it's ok for you to support a black guy but cuz i'm black i'm stupid for supporting a white guy? racist!
i believe the show is still on n etflix. thinking about just recording from there to discs on my machine.
without having to use screen capture software
2/2 bro: drugs are agonists that potentiate da in the nucleus accumbens producing long term changes mind blown lesson: don't judge bros
the more you bro
best in right here...
have you checked out drunken dumpling yet?
two weeks ago he was trashing the dimera livingroom,now they're gonna have him grow closer to gabi...
but now i think he's doing what he thinks abby would want, which is to pull himself together for their son's sake.
by the way, barakah meets barakah is so delightful.
it was the first movie i saw at the fest this year and i'm still thinking about how much i love it. top 3 for sure!
i guess they just couldn't edit out her catatonic zombie-like state.
she was scary.....
they arrested him and held him for 11 hours. failure to mirandize points to it being harassment.
maybe they think won't file charges; maybe think don't need confession for trespass. unclear.
don't be! there's no big deal pretty
i think he'll probably be performing on wednesday there when it becomes tuesday here
that was a little dangerous after amerson intercepted it. he started celebrated while it was still live. could've been knocked out of hands.
just glad he had the awareness that someone was coming
same here; i was immediately hooked. still remember buying london calling &amp; never mind the bollocks &amp; boy such amazing music
oh man, totally!
i think that's right.
djt supporters are older and wealthier. where does loss of status come in if older, or econ anxiety if wealthier?
nothing would please me more than the cardinals making the playoffs at the expense of the giants and mets.
a three-way tie would be fun.
been following since day 1, it's just annoying
i can see how it might get annoying. but i'd rather have new fans since they moved to a diff city as opposed to fans they
and next on the list after that, xml syntax integration! cc
live it and after that it'll be linq?
yeah i'm in the c terminal that's separate from the rest of the airport
omg that's fucky!! sorry my dude :&lt;
i know damn well nigel did not just come for my assthetic. i'm mad.
beard and buns hunty
for free!!?? then count me in!! lol
brentano from wants to challenge you to contest. everyone gets bj participation prize ;)
writing away...deadlines...i am proud of my big mouth...good bye rex...learned alot the past week...
can't wait to read what you write.
no butts about it.. sundays are fundays at
i would love to pull those panties down then do it doggy style then end with a backdoor delivery!
i think schaaf has failed to stem displacement and her handling of opd rape has been inept and deplorable.
but who do you believe could win a mayoral election and do a better job?
been following since day 1, it's just annoying
just got because they're winning. feel me? that'd be way more annoying
thanks to the chocktaw nation for donating food to ireland during the famine, 1840-45. we built this in appreciation
-why haven't i read this in our history books? this is what's missing that we need in our history books!
i've hadda lotta nicknames...give em as fun...change em if people want...5 yrs ago every pic i saw was
idk why but i remembered my grandmother makin me , which i called 4 lil while; but i
ya. i thought had confirmed the images were fake.
yes and that is why i'm making a i'm sorry video and getting correct info up
so many familiar faces in
my favorite character in has got to be , by far.
hillary clinton finally releases statement on terrorist attacks - 31 hours after first bomb blast
what's the matter ? not feeling well? 31 hours, yes you care. bull
read here: is a two-bit con man who used daddy's to steal from the poor.
he is, but u.s. tv viewers started electing him a long time ago with their programming choices.
so far hard-hitting questions on e! include "how do you balance being a mom?" and "wanna wish jimmy fallon happy bday?"
is that a custom emmys emoji of jimmy kimmel?!
q: in nyc, what are the "deep tech" startups? (name, sector, links?)
owal, computer vision, stealth
it's about a grown ass man hanging out with one of his students without her parents around.
the mom seems ok with him visiting the restaurant with only her daughter there. rewrite recipes and teaching them.
why is mild salsa a thing ?
because every now and then i'm a weak as bitch lolol
it is possible that jeurys familia is having/has had the greatest season ever by a mets closer. 49 saves, 92.5% save percenage, 2.39 fip.
and again begs the question why is he not mentioned as a cy candidate but britton is
in some respects, yes, the isolation comes w/ the job. we can+should push for change, but we need not sacrifice ourselves for it.
thank you for sharing all this.
better to get the 6 s , the 7 isn't all that great .
yeah i want to put a review vid up anyhow so might as well get it
i'm not sure i would want to try sushi that comes from denny's or any fast food place
i think that's the point of my tweet.
canal in venice
so romantic !!
i'm sorry you clearly don't understand how logic works
you are sorry, rock
woah! how did you guys get to go out on the pitcher's mound?
we are good friends of santiago casilla.
they're hiring and they have an open source program as well, including a full-time open source coordinator.
i've actually talked to people about helping in that capacity but ios is really my thing and they seem good on that.
yeah but we're working in the ios10 update!
thanks! (i have some video i caught today that i'm excited to see)
thank you dear i absolutely love this
aw, so very happy you like it kim. you're very welcome. my *joy* of a friend :-)
2/ looks like a convoy from south seaport. perhaps a leader going to the ?
3/ fdr looked like it was reopened, but still hearing sirens &amp; ferry still stopped:
had an epic night last night surrounded by amazing people
looks like a fun night! sure tequila was involved
stanley hotel in march and the timberline today. the shining double dip this year.
you can complete the set with yosemite's ahwahnee and maybe even frank lloyd wright's biltmore in phoenix.
just watched sully, extraordinary movie. cried through most of it. a must watch!
right!!!? i loved it
i've been singing her a lot of bruce springsteen but i need to branch out.
awwww. i could only stand to listen to the instrumentals of lullabies. like you said, the lyrics are weird.
so you're white and it's ok for you to support a black guy but cuz i'm black i'm stupid for supporting a white guy? racist!
wow i am so offended by your racist remark, i can't believe people still think like you in 2016, what a disgusting racist.
wtf this nigga tryna have me do his hw, this is college, do ya own damn hw. boy bye
i'll buy you food
if you believe either pizza or sex fall under the heading of "even when it's bad, it's still pretty good," congrats on your charmed life.
free of wildly disappointing experiences with either.
it was leaked i think and in scanners and people tweeting about all of it. silly conspiracy.
leaked by who? nypd who mostly support trump? like i said: fishy
just getting caught up on the later games. san diego really up 28-0 on jax?!? wow.
bortles been awful and chargers wrs have stepped up after losing allen and woodhead as well
a solo marg is just as delicious as a social marg. or a marg in a grouping of many margs. basically what i'm saying is i like margaritas.
but when you secretly want a friend marg
pathetic is thinking ur superior by using limited time saving animals when so many people r suffering
please, i humbly ask that you view the video that was shown at the congressional panel on sept 14th
it was odd too how punk &amp; new wave blended together and evolved. from harder stuff like the ramones over to joy division
yes indeed. 'course now my music tastes are all over the damn place
video: idiot obama tells blacks he will be "offended" if they don't vote for more failure, poverty &amp; crime (hillary)
2potus, only a trump vote will defeat them
matt ryan is teetering towards washed, isn't he?
i think he's already there.
so 500,000 thousand out 318 million ? wow you guys are really doing well
moron. more than half of the entire country is not 500k.
i should've stayed napping instead of watching this game
the offense is killing me! not a good fantasy football day for me
not that badly
it turned out really good!
is there a better combo than wings and football?
beer and hockey
careful you're name calling rofl
go suck trump's cock teabag!
don't be! there's no big deal pretty
because it will be the 20th when he performs in paris
just had a mex burger.... keith ur welcome to the tootsie pop!
i love mex burgers!!
wow, i'm no hardware expert, but this is really cool!
that's perfect. we don't want you to have to be an expert to get a great rig.
prob one of the nicest compliments i've received that didn't come from my mom
the truth and nothing but the truth
why do you relate everything to america and not the world. stop being part of the problem. be the solution. love!
love is very powerful but bc the worlds wellbeing is related to our politics we should consider our impact resist.
so apparently theirs bc drama because the fail posted something saying he backed out of the the con? he was never listed as a guest was he?
correct. he was not ever listed as a guest. some people who've paid for the max package are disappointed.
so 500,000 thousand out 318 million ? wow you guys are really doing well
you going to kill those who will not submit?
trade my car for a new one? or cop another motorcycle? looking like another bike
trade car new moves brooo
this is what happens when you call a woman a liar for 20 years. the msm should be ashamed. ppl are brain wash.
"a congenital liar..." is how she was described by the liberal ny times william safire! every one knows it!!! except you?
careful you're name calling rofl
that is one fat ugly kid in that picture!
please delete my browser history when i die.
them festishes.
i know a racist when i see 1. the guy that says blacks are lazy and can't help it because of dna. racist
so saying black people are superpredators and must be brought to heel is cool with you?
yoooo with that nuts catch, and i so hype
i didn't know you guys were fans that's dope
not really feeling sarah hyland's getup...
feel like the two pieces don't match.
so 500,000 thousand out 318 million ? wow you guys are really doing well
as i said, bring it on. we await you islamic filth.
that ain't no zip
my blender bottles full too.
yep but i wanted a slow build back up.no one hits rock bottom then acts like everything's peachy
he's just trying to cope. just because someone seems fine on the outside doesn't mean they are on the inside.
a man can dream lmao
del rio don't seem to bad right now do it.
is currently experiencing departure delays between 16 mins and 30 mins due to vip movement
a ground stop is in place at due to volume / compacted demand
literally still in bed and it's 3pm and i have 0 regrets
literally not putting on real pants at all today
. on hillary's response to ny bomb: 'trying to be as somber, presidential as she can'
hillary is giving a free pressure cooker to every isis immigrant she bring's to the usa ???
hear chargers might trade for josh gordon. risk v. reward?
depends on price. he's a monster when he plays
bc everyone needs henny in their life
u right u right
a traumatizing moment from today: walked into my fav restaurant to find that they changed the entire menu.
i know that feeling- unhappy eating- my favorite place (won't say who) did the same
i bet you guys thought you were joking.
haha i had a feeling something like this actually existed.
i've been thinking about the saddle brown
if i were a little less cheap, which i'm not really, i'd get matching watch bands, belts, shoes... republican coffee thinks i'm crazy
probably implicits i should think.
i wondered how long it's take before implicits were mentioned. answer: not long at all!
i barely want to do my own homework, i'm taking 17 units, i don't have time for anyone else's hw
you can do it i have faith in you
so why does a wealthy old crony want to get involved in a presidential campaign? simple. to save is his old ass.
he needs to be prosecuted. nobody is above the law
i can't reach the pop tarts i want.
tried to adult and buying stuff to make pb&amp;j set off the "you're broke. stop spending money, idiot" alert from chase
i'm living for this fan art of the blob that ate everyone i spotted at ! so cool.
i need that already
no but you clearly are since you talk about it so much :)
islam allows both those actions. i condemn islam. smiley face fails.
it's too late? elections aren't decided by anyone who at the last minute decided they needed to "do their part".
oh, ok, i'll just chill then.
ep11 is all about my new gym and their kick-ass branding. representation for days
lurking awkwardly in the gym locker room waiting for my keys to be unlocked from someone else's locker. this keeps happening...
i've been thinking about the saddle brown
she doesn't understand why i need different belts for dress and casual.
it just works!!!
. you're both probably wrong. it sounds to me like rf interference in the audio path.
we don't talk anymore- +
beautiful, zach!
ended up doing a post on this if interested. more a critical take on
good piece... and you make good points
coney island is mad ratchet
&amp; the water there is so dirty lmao
blumenthal is more than some random "supporter." he's a trusted member of their inner circle. that's just fact
he was/is a paid strategist. clinton cpaign never used this oppo. discovered on a leaked memo
the game done fucked up , sean kingston is the game ghost writer?
lmao bra i was up last night on the gram crying
gov. chris christie falsely claims donald trump hadn't talked "birther" for years
guy has destroyed his future. sad
signing up for walden west
officially a cabin leader for walden west &amp; im excited help me pick a nature name lol
0, if trump cuts the nsf funding.
or abolishes universities. wouldn't fit the char limit in the poll.
i will also have five each of these thing things!
i love that miller ad
upside: no awkward blown save situation today. stlvssf
- you really are a "glass half full" kind of guy.
this is also not true. dropped in 2011 and resumed in 2012.
just say it's a lie media ppl!!! you are doing a discredit to journalism.
bombs and terrorism are dangerous and need to be understood and stopped. they are 1/5000th the danger of guns.
yeah... story is (unfortunately?) powerful. even just the novelty probably elevates bombs over all.
i'm sure it, but i like how the consolidate all the games &amp; cut into the action all the the right time
nothing compares.
ios 10 mail like: in main mailboxes view, tapping the arrow shows an inline list of that account's folders.
all of mine showed open by default.
bruh were gonna give up more points before the half is over.
legit brah it's only the 3rd and the score outta hand haha
i can't believe that i actually completed my mid life crisis half iron man today! 7 hours and 26 minutes...
awesome! nice work
how to open an obituary, by my ft colleague ; rest of it is v good too
a+ from ! almost as good as your openers
nice! i had lunch at 4 o'clock. two hot dogs and a bunch of tootsie rolls
i love hot dogs and tootsie rolls. this soup will last me all month. i made a lot.
election update: democrats should panic ... if the polls still look like this in a week
i'm confident they won't look like this. hrc &amp; her surrogates are back on the trail. i expect to see a bump
just watching some vids
are u a guacamaster yet?
this is what happens when you call a woman a liar for 20 years. the msm should be ashamed. ppl are brain wash.
-so tell me now who's the one "brain washed"? hummmmmm?
lmao im just sayin, when i had a shorty my savagery escalated 10fold cuz i didnt care what other people thought except her
oh you wellin moe. you gotta chill some then.
i actually have no idea, found it on tumblr!
this is from season 8 of house. the episode was "chase" and revolved entirely around jesse's character.
this morning isis claimed responsibility for minnesota attack, but ny &amp; nj are either isis or home grown
or a mentally deranged person........ but wait, aren't they all?
advice if the gop wants to ever win the wh again: don't threaten the extremely popular two-term republican governor of much-needed ohio.
much needed ohio needs to vote for her to save the country. mr kasich, this'll be on you unless you help her get elected. pls
so many penalties he's taken...
you take the good you take the bad...
i once ran into an embed script that replaced function.prototype.tostring() for no apparent reason. infuriating bug.
i helped someone debug this very type of issue. it's infuriating.
new york you've been so good to me
can i stay here forever?
it's not polite to call others names.
you know what, b0b-0? you're right. i won't call you names again. fair requests.
the ones i know are far from crazy lol
you not dating the ones you know lol
enjoy that too--winter is coming all too soon.
game of thrones t.c. style
if you live in the us we'll be on the same day though just you 6 hours behind depending on where you are exactly
yeah i am in the us and it's sunday here
cracking view you've got there
bottom of 8; 3-0 visitors. go !
thinks like a child that won't stay in thier seat and behave. class clown &amp; bully. institutionalize him
-it would be perfectly ok if trump was, in fact, a child and might grow out of his behavior, but as a president? crazy!
short attention span. i get it. back to the caucus. why does reid need clinton to win? protection
"why does reid need clinton to win? protection." -
i'm releasing the very first motion asl stickers with !! download me!!!
love it but too much shirt in most of the stickers.
so this is the solo album cover after separating from the boy band?
i'm following in zayn's footsteps. keep an eye out for the memoir and tv show.
sucks when putin is a stronger leader than obama ....
no what sucks is mother of a marine disgracing her child's service by praising a dictator enemy
could happen
me. hello. i exist in all my green hair glory.
also i'm having the most lit sunday. hike. nails did. shopping. margaritas. avoiding the harsh reality of work and monday!
also rebranded my twitter look and feel to be a bit darker.
it's very tricky. we did some experimenting on this during primaries. under reported trump. over reported cruz
was that was an lv screen/modeling problem in your view or a sampling issue
3/ fdr looked like it was reopened, but still hearing sirens &amp; ferry still stopped:
4/ ferries just signaled they are moving out. looks like perhaps it was only a presidential convoy after all...
pulling yourself together's one thing,acting like nothing ever happened is another
i don't feel that's how he's acting. everybody has different ways of grieving.
somali muslims harass american citizen on minnesota street
deport all of them.
the cast on their way to tonight's festivities!
love it!! good luck! can't wait for the new shows!!
my friends girlfriend died in a motorcycle accident, holy shit
she's a wreck
i don't knowbher
well google her bitch
i did not expect c.j. anderson to be this good this year
no one did. i could have drafted him in practically every fucking league.
the dnc rigged the election for the least trusted democrat in history. got caught but did nothing to fix it. =
they will tear it up again like bushy did. republicans will cause the slaughter of countless of our children and other innocent.
one of the most major life improvements since moving out of college is being able to afford the gummy vitamins. now i actually take them :p
i can never remember if i've taken them already or not. i always want more...
do you kiss your mother with that mouth?
do you suck trump's cock with that mouth?
so i am to support hillary who lets our men die when they could be saved? not
she didn't let them die &amp; they couldn't be saved. read the report.
a film that doubles its production budget in three days is not a bomb. blair witch didn't do great, but it's not a bomb. come on, people.
every film will have haters, but damn this one has some real hatred behind it. personally i loved it
of course. and what bombs represent in the us imagination v guns.
reminds me also of all the observations about what international death tolls get covered (france) and what don't
go giants! beat new orleans! (sorry, elizabeth long kinler !)
two wins in a row, remarkable!
all imams are extremists and many are corrupt, too.
i agree, because islam itself is extreme.
why tho? lmaoo
cause i shouldn't have to assume or fill in the blanks about how you feel about me lol foh
it's fine if you namespace it. `string.prototype._my_namespace_method`.
if you can namespace it then why put it on a prototype chain you don't own to begin with? not a big fan.
the who (2016), peter doherty (2011), nada surf (2010), miles kane (2011), c2c (2013)
phoenix 2010 filmore miami
we should've gotten together and boiled food today
i'm sorry, i would have invited people over but i live in queens and i've had a migraine all day. i woke up 2 hours ago.
aye it was nice runnin into u the other day man i know u gucci out here. stay runnin shit!
ayyee word bro! you the man! thanks thanks!
talking about race with your kids is never easy. my attempt to figure out how in the new issue of race/related
hope you are enjoying brooklyn. up for a cocktail at some point?
the hits just keep on coming--- wr cecil shorts (hamstring) out the rest of the game.
bucs medical staff
no lasagna tonight
is tonight a fullmoon ?
aaaand in one tweet, we have the reason why i don't fuck with red carpet coverage.
and before someone says some shit, bc someone always does ... this sentiment is not about putting down the importance/art of fashion.
hopefully it wasn't an early round. kept as a keeper for $9. thought it was a steal. so far kirk is doing better for $1
he's seriously cost me 2 weeks in a row.
now i'm heading to the nyabf. no pain, no gain.
i lasted roughly 43 mins before i had to exit for some water &amp; air.
i want to innovate in unexplored areas.
i want to hold space in a crowded room.
rnc chairman threatens reprisals against cruz, kasich and bush. they could be denied 2020 sc ballot access. on...
good kick them out all of them
people like you irk my soul
dude it was a joke..................
obama has let the good ones go and kept the politicians
oh really? politician generals who served in wars in battle? you are a disgrace.
i want to hold space in a crowded room.
i want to expand when the world around me contracts.
hope you're having fun bud!
great time so far brother. gotta pull this out.
wow. how huge is next sunday night? but, it's not saturday 7:30 pm, so expect a lackluster, sleepy crowd at mapfre stadium.
as well as columbus at dc next wednesday. all six point games.
is my last dba - another 2 hour session of brilliant quick fire chats ms102 - same again next year?
count me in {as always}
rt &amp; tell us who you love in tonight's gb v min game. we'll pick two users randomly to win $25 fanduel credit!!
cobb and rodgers
pence and kaine differ over trump's suggestion for clinton to ditch her "bodyguards"
how about having your bodyguards disarmed at this event.
good. i love you all so much!
we love you too!
if this cat doesn't prove that a hot dog is a sandwich, then nothing does (note: it totally does--beyond debate!)
nope. proves they aren't sandwiches.
lowk just feeling another bike. cars aren't close to being as fast as bikes.
ofc not but you can't go a lot of places in the winter
i'm not a soup guy. can i say that?
yeah you can say that. i can make other things. of course, this is very good soup
my dad has a client over for a gun safety course and said something about a hammer and a semi automatic having the same capacity for harm
not with one shot. sure, you can kill someone with a hammer, but with a ton more effort than a semi auto..
i want to expand when the world around me contracts.
i want to be still when the universe insists on perpetually expanding.
the simpsons' chilli cookoff episode is one of the best they ever made.
johnny cash is the fox
when i come home i better be greeted with a bottle a heem by everyone i see
you're about to get heemed instead of iced
dennis malgin leaves the bench with an ice pack on his hand/wrist
was there one in his women parts too??
i have just learned that san francisco has a thing called cheese school. i wonder how long they will let me study there.
or give you an honorary doctorate.
it's monday in france but past 30 that's all
oh never mind you said it's tuesday there that's what confused me
most 'problematic' category was low-skilled youngsters looking to revolt
-that means three in french muslims who don't! the glass is more than half filled, time to raise it in a cheer!
sure, but at the end of the day you are asking people to vote for someone they don't want.
i'm asking people to vote for the person they think will make the best, most effective president.
i love watching flyby
is this considered staking ?
(poke) what you been up to? haven't heard from you in awhile.
eek! work started up again. you know what that means.
yep, the regular black one. you?
not yet. maybe the black plus?
i try my best, but you know how it be lmao
facts facts facts
rub it in, why don't you.
lmfao i didn't even mean to be petty!! sad part is that y'all caused so many tos and still lost
pulling yourself together's one thing,acting like nothing ever happened is another
besides, i think chad knows that if he sits around being miserable jen could use that against him in court.
yeah you can say that. i can make other things. of course, this is very good soup
next time i'll invite people to come boil food with me!
my column on today's loss to the patriots.
some things to build on? most of the offensive yards came in garbage time, and d got manhandled by half of a jv team.
or a water gun :-)
you would enjoy that immensely wouldn't you miss fancypants?? grin
. sunday sportsline qotn: given what you've seen of , rest of big 12 so far, have your expectations for wvu in '16 changed?
yes!!! my expectations have changed. the is really down there's no one we can't beat
yes they are do filled with hate yet they preach tolerance. it's sad. i will never vote democrat again.
fill with hate?? lol
brian wont text me back so ask him what time he lands on thursday please thank you
he is rude.. he said 1 or 2ish
i love watching flyby
is this considered stalking ?
truth. i live in fl. lots local candidate signs everywhere my area. not one4 potus election. peeps 2 scared
i won't put one on my car in ca either, though i have noh8 and equality stickers on it, so dem is pretty evident,
nope. checked my sources. they are.
your sources are wack.
who cares about cali, what about all the people that lost coverage?
well insured at a lower rate through the aca. mcdonalds-no benefits.
i had a cough that wouldn't go away, but now my body is in pain cause of all the coughing
hmmm. i had a really bad cough for an entire year before i put two &amp; two together that i was allergic to my roommates cat
not only women, she will exploit this entire nation for her own financial pay for play gains.
by the end of term america will be sold to highest bidder.
just confidently told my bf "i know everything about pay it forward."
the kid dies in the end.
is that your new game plan?
that's a dangerous rumor to start spreading! i'm still earning my stripes.
whatever....still trust that he loves america, hillary? nah she loves hillary
you think trump loves america? why does he have factories in mexico &amp; china and not usa? it's $$$
ok thanks,didnt think it was from cf.
you're welcome.
it was an amazing week for a's, and definitely fun, though i get most enjoyment of up/down games that in the end a's win.
hahaha.....i love non stressful a's wins.
lmao panini papi
extra lettuce on my sammich
michael kors. my kate spade bags are black.
i only know lvv and couch. they sell them on the ground around work.
shameful call
i know i don't have the expressed written consent of cbs or the national football league, but you guys needed to see this.
i want to be still when the universe insists on perpetually expanding.
i want to choose the challenge rather than accept the easiest option.
zahava griss &amp; , thank you for the incredible rope dance performance last night! you brought amazing grace, beauty, &amp; connection.
thank you so much for having us! we were talking about the performances all night and into today! can't wait to be back!
pundits keep saying that trump doesn't have support of american blacks but here is the truth!
thank you for setting hilary clinton straight! the silent majority, the forgotten americans we stand united against clinton's lies
yeah. knew she wasn't in great health - but still surprising.
yeah. city politics is definitely gonna be changing
it's impossible to prove, but i'm positive that bigoted white people posing as poc is an epidemic on twitter.
i've got a list of accounts that i suspect of being shill-bots, many poc, esp women, trying to find a way to identify them
i want to choose the challenge rather than accept the easiest option.
i want to talk with strangers until they aren't strangers anymore.
follow and . lyrical kingpins
u know it young boss
happy birthday besti love you always !
throwbacks!!! love you too thank u
don't have socially. do fear missing experiences. in china just a few hours &amp; got up at 5 for fish market. local? intl? i'll see.
where in china are you?
what does paying a politician $150,000 guarantee? somehow they will do the right thing?
banning them from outside income means everything mcelhaney's gotten shade for wouldn't have happened.
it's interesting to read that koei tecmo has four development offices: two in china (tianjing and beijing), singapore and vietnam.
none in jp, or are you excluding the jp ones?
you should pay more attention when you get a credential
i have paid attention all season. plus i can't be at 2 places at once since i'm in the oakland coliseum's press box right now.
prophetic. are nyc mayor &amp; ny gov cuomo looking at a mangled dumpster or their political careers?
is "both" an option?
= they'ddeny&amp;
that's nothing compared 2what thes do2setc mustbenuked
tfw you're giving a speech and your body phases out of existence
what the hell?
i can't handle this weather, y'all. it's too damn hot.
the bus's fans kicked in and i've honestly never felt so blessed to live in this era.
yes it went on well into the early hours!
oh you lucky, lucky gamer-boi, i hope you rested well. you got the life, makes me jealous ...do not forget to hydrate bitch, lol
hmmm. i had a really bad cough for an entire year before i put two &amp; two together that i was allergic to my roommates cat
jesussssss that sucks. my friend gave me this cough.
reunited and it feels so good
it was on sale!
i want to talk with strangers until they aren't strangers anymore.
i want to risk and wander and wonder, to get lost and lost again until i discover that i'm already found.
the difference between knowledge and experience
connecting the dots!
heh but drawing vs doodling. if i were moderately able to draw, then it'd be legit. i can doodle on cheaper paper!
sometimes new gear (although technically not necessary) is enough of a motivator to be worth it.
we don't win votes for by insulting the other side you know..just saying..
when they start it they get it back in spades. just like trump.
sucks when putin is a stronger leader than obama ....
also, it's easy for putin to look "strong" when he can imprison &amp; kill opponents and press.
"how might we... make research delightful?" - starts off live brainstorm
that was sooo fun!!
so they can differentiate between goal-line in the goal and outside i'm sure
no need for that
love the tweets julie!
thank you!!
"there is an 'otherness' to this president" -- on , sinking to sickening depths to try to defend trump's birtherism
racist and disgusting
president obama, michelle, bernie, and more: this week on the trail
all the commes out on trail defrauding voters as always
spotted on one of the most expensive pieces of real estate in the world.
i smell narc all over this joint
homie trynna get right for the new jawns
im glad but i had to tell him about himself and keep it pushing
my ngen-ngen was the first chinese girl born in ny chinatown. congrats on being another 1st in history.
: this is...amazing. thank you for sharing.
if someone could help pin down the exact time that ny state troopers discovered 2nd device this could be relevant.
they want people afraid to help elect trump. i don't trust law enforcement.
sometimes new gear (although technically not necessary) is enough of a motivator to be worth it.
just like paying for spanish/music/etc lessons. now that you've paid all that money for it, might as well invest time.
ohhhh much earlier than i thought. okey dokey. ohare or midway?
ohare. and he wants you to pick up up... he's super needy
judging from these abortion stats and black on black crime statistics black lives don't even matter to black lives
omg, 15 million souls??? we have alot to answer for when we stand before god.
rough 3 minute walk back to our pad, i can't believe we are staying so far away... lol
glad you made the hike hahaha
i got a new follower: it's
now our follower, glad to see him and the others reporting, remembeing the blizzard and they made our pal report
everybody knows and loves the shower beer, well now i'm inventing the shower hard seltzer
it's like doing shots of vodka in the schvits, but for the modern man
not that i don't like indians abroad, but if i had to hang out with a bunch of over-smart, incorrect english-speaking cunts, i'd go to juhu.
they are either too patriotic or just hate india. balance nahi hai bc. sab idhar paise chaapne ko aaye hai. tu extra shaana nahi hai gaandu!
and before someone says some shit, bc someone always does ... this sentiment is not about putting down the importance/art of fashion.
this is about not giving women the opportunity to discuss their craft, as well as their look. which fucking matters.
the left actually think this? no wonder we are in the mess we are in!
the report was written by the gop lol.
oh yes my bad! didn't read your tweet properly
it's fine you worried me i was like it's not even monday here so how can he be performing
btw what does that gt next to your name mean ?
code for the guatemala flag emoji. guessing it doesn't show up on your end.
feel as though we're the first to point this out, but this election is basically one long episode of hbo's game of thrones. thanks.
you just realized that?
let's see. remember, schaaf was a blip until brown and the democratic neoliberal machine interfered.
she had a huge force of campaign volunteers, and did house parties more than every other day for six months.
huh, this seems to suggest proactive app suggestions for audio was removed from ios 10. any know if truth to this?
i've certainly stopped receiving them when i connect my bluetooth headphones, but chocked it up to a beta bug. but still won't work on gm.
that's how i would describe my new found addiction
yassss i am proud
hrc original birther. a friendly reminder from msnbc: hillary campaign created and promoted 'birtherism'
lol, oh ok, just show the video of her saying that/ there are plenty of trump w/out mentioning hillary being the ring leader.
and yet it was hard for them to unlock an old iphone according to them!
hard for the fbi to unlock an old iphone. the nsa didn't help, apparently...
that is one fat ugly kid in that picture!
i think if i had a kid that ugly i'd put him on a diet and lock him in the basement!
wasn't pretty by any means but a win is a win. love going to battle with my brothers.
way to go!! rack them up! we love wins!
you are lying to your followers, you have no fact. you are a failure of journalism
gina, wake up.nominating a phony,squandered a great opportunity.johnson &amp; weld are as libertarian as obama is a constitutionalist
don't be that person who's all about fall, halloween and scary movies, but doesn't dress up for halloween you mfs annoy me so much
anyways, i already know what im dressing up as for halloween and it's gonna be so gooood
lmao how is this even a thing
i'm so confused lmaoo
urban dictionary cribsheet
"for more sexting acronyms, visit the internet". oh, indeed.
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
do we have to donate first?
when i see open carry idiots in my state, i think "third world status". we are no longer america. it's disgusting.
-i wouldn't get anywhere near open carry people unless they were the police.
who wants to come to a rooftop party with me october 1st?
will there be alcohol?
a leftie calling me a disgrace because i like trump...i know he didn't serve!
no, you're a disgrace for praising putin.
bearded dream rising soul...rough stuff! mournings{w/ "u"}tough!
but the picture has a mustache.
yet u have no proof. hes done total diff then what his mentors have done
ted cruz's ties to bush family revealed
the burtons are stepping out...
what a good looking family.
they have been arriving back here in the as well during this last week.
do they ever show up in town? i can't recall ever seeing one on or near ross road.
we don't win votes for by insulting the other side you know..just saying..
by the way. . . mind your own damn business.
my cousin and her bf are seriously goals ,they're like 25 and they've been together since high school
they both working and studying right now
what is your specialty? i'm more of a sweets guy baking/cooking
i also love to bake! but i like to make "healthy comfort food" because everything i make is sans dairy.
nice yelp check-in. you made our day. how was your visit with us?
it was good! thank you :)
long before kaepernick's protest, this native american teen sat out pledge of allegiance
because there was only 1 native north american tribe of indians prior to french spanish british presence... right... im sure.
was so off on jax.. played well last week, complete duck this week smh
sonnnn ya can't just keep losin my money here you're killin me
keep talking trash haters ill talk truth , like these hatians for trump
did a special -- you should see it. corrupt gov/mismanagement/logistics all contributed. cgi not the only one!
found a new game at the pinball bar...
this would actually be a great game for a coffee shop
hi lynn, how has twitter improved your teaching, or your perception on technology in pe
twitter provides resources, insights, and innovations for wouldn't be implementing half as much without it!
need julio to turn it up
sorry brother... cant allow this to happen
when i see open carry idiots in my state, i think "third world status". we are no longer america. it's disgusting.
-i wouldn't go to the the stores they frequented.
long before kaepernick's protest, this native american teen sat out pledge of allegiance
back in 1973 my friend and i sat out the pep rally national anthem because of viet nam war. we almost got suspended but didn't t
but we lead homie..now we just gotta finish it
leads are fleeting with football unless you're up 35with 3 minutes to go
hi. i don't care why you support her.
you're the one who made false, derogatory claims about why stein supporters support her. i just cleared up the error of your claim
yeee i'm chillin at home lol r you in hercules ??
i will be out there after this game to meet up with ko and burn it! come hang with us
today was just one huge no
but boy dropped me home and is getting me food
they both working and studying right now
she's in training to become an fbi and he's training to become a cop
2/2 but they are still brains and they are still cars. neuroimaging shows they are different. so what?
. if you read the studies, they're noting differences in brains across groups of people.
is "dysfunctional" what we're captioning really bad and blurry group pictures on instagram now
needs further testing. my initial tests only showed a 1/4 return. the other 3 are anomalies found during my research
i'd love to read a case study explaining the design choices made in ios 10.
i suspect a few of them amount to "well we had to make it look different"
great meme! i'll be using it (of course i will credit you for it) when grouch is proven wrong he doesn't stop.
lol, its great, because trump trolls think it is bashing hillary at 1st. ............ftr i stole it from
matches aren't allowed in checked bags, rebekkah. you're allowed 1 book of matches in carry-on. visit:
any ideas on how i can get them to my destination?
trying to think of a good pinned tweet
this one should work
eli manning just cracked top 10 for the most passing yards on nfl history ..and his career isn't nearly over
yeah and mad people still try and say he's not good it's ridiculous
yes, donald trump is lying about why he can't release his taxes
yes! he's lying everyone! all news media should stop soft-peddling this word. liar
this wacko says i am praising putin because he is a stronger leader than obama. remf!
fucking a right i am. anyone who praises a doreign dictator &amp; rios our generals is a traitor.
shaved ice shaved ice shaved ice shaved ice shaved ice shaved ice
i mean what i say. # #
same! i personally love girls with natural fingertips myself
damn lost that one
tho keep in mind im a baby and i'll just start crying at rly cute scenes rather than sad ones. i straight up started sobbing at one point
bc the main character was trying his best for his daughter. legit was wailing "he's such a good dad. he's doing his best. a good dad."
what if the person isn't the type to sit and discuss their feelings
i don't want them to discuss it i want them to show it. it won't work just one sided
thank you. it is really stressful
i don't hide my face and they see it and then they go insane and yell. and it becomes crazy. and i'm left alone to fight crazy.
ucf just got a shoutout in the falcons/raiders game discussing ishmael and murray being college team mates.
kemal made a nice tackle to stop latavius on 3rd down which prompted it.
next step is to get the kom trophy :-)
soon enough!!
based on the weather... not sure tonight is going to happen. does a webshooter work in humidity?
how humid are we talking?
nah cards will score 3 in 1st and realize the other team isn't trying and just try to end it asap
alright i feel ya know. a kid is a loss but you were spot on
scary. it's far from me so i should be ok and i have a reverse osmosis system.
i'm glad because i was worried about you when i first read that this morning. breaks my heart when bad things happen to friends
we second that! did you get it? -rad
nope. still too nice out to think winter pajama wear.
talk too musgrave about that
he's s moron &amp; so is del rio then
. is playing fzero gx in vr and it's literally killing him
still queasy tbh
without a trace was also one of the reasons i checked out devious maids (roselyn snchez) and unforgettable (poppy montgomery).
and it was cool to realize why vanessa marano from switched at birth seemed familiar. :)
getting ready to show my ancient side...i have this one on dvd and a poster of the original movie framed in storage. ;-)
who knew you'd have such an amazing ancient side. what an awesome collectible.
amen! stay safe in this nyc streets hunni
thank you hunni, i will! love you guys!
she's in training to become an fbi and he's training to become a cop
couples that stay together and love each other unconditionally stunt together
the is live! get drafted today! rules:
every ma anal sweepstakes!!
oh and now the fist pump. oh boy!
so awesome!!
london is the peggy of fashion weeks
explain this to me
happy birthday pretty imy)):
thank you !!
lol i haven't gotten a tattoo in a year and im dying for another :/
i've gotten like 4 in the last year
. if you read the studies, they're noting differences in brains across groups of people.
. like how ford focus cars look different from hyundai excels, even when they're different colors.
did you guys evacuate the stadium or just the surrounding area? thanks!
considering there's been no mention of it on tv, i'd guess surrounding area
ooohh good for you!! you're probably really busy rip;; what kind of internship tho?
yeah i've been trying to stay busy!! the internship is with the student government on campus and i do it/graphics!!!
my friends girlfriend died in a motorcycle accident, holy shit
istg i'm in total sock. i didn't knew the girl but all i want to do is cry. my friend is a wreck, like holy shit
still can't get over how special that auckland show was
when r we gonna do a show for animal abuse
i don't use it a ton so i'm not sure where it was before, but it's def still there on my phone
hmmm. i'm removing the beta profile from the phone. maybe i have some stupid beta that's removed the feature.
they didn't seek prosecution, she was not cleared of wrong doing. comey said "couldn't find intent" which is not a goal
lol, watch it again. she is cleared, you like are a liar.
colors looking good!!!
.jim, why wouldn't we leave those old tired st louis uniforms and go back to our la rams traditional blue and gold! help us.
taking your word for it
is gonna change ur life
speaking to another sold out crowd tonight about !
i'm not gonna lie, my friend ... as you are approaching rock-star status ') let's tick off
sounds reasonable. but your first tweet is setting up blame for when/if she loses. real blame lies with poor nominee.
always easy to self-exonerate that way. if she loses, there will be plenty of blame to go around.
new yorkers, be vigilant. we are the most protected city in the world. you will see a very substantial nypd presence today &amp; this week.
what is this "intentional act" pic crap? and by the way, you're our worst mayor in recent memory
it helps if you can upgrade parts inside. my last upgrade will be switching to a solid state drive to get these last few years.
how does one know if parts need to be updated? everything seems to be working fine on mine.
giving legal advice to the pied piper. when fiction and reality blend together
zomg the jacket!
nah. he's naive. some people are really beyond redemption
i agree w/you some libs who shove their agenda down our throats or who lie &amp; cheat are beyond redemption
promising afternoon session by at
didn't know you were in town.
literally 10 seconds after that tweet, dropped the phone.
you've got to be kidding me!
. like how ford focus cars look different from hyundai excels, even when they're different colors.
. the other thing to know about fmri is they use it to test brain activity when doing activities.
time to go to the airport. :'( goodbye, . so thankful for this experience.
so amazing to meet you! safe travels
more insults please. kill two birds with one stone. help america and insult the man who is dragging it down.
amen to that i guess we will all continue to insult him then he's been the worst president in my lifetime
i figure i'm mostly dairy.
i substitute it. still working on a good mac and cheese but basically everything else, you don't miss it.
what a douche attacking children. she's smarter and more beautiful than you will ever be loser
oh know i understand, you're more of a vagina loving lady.
ap bio will be the death of me
stop complaining
3/ perhaps it's the bringing together of a "people" in large numbers to celebrate a national pastime?
it's taxpayer funded propaganda designed as a recruiting method brimming with sanctimonious arrogance.
team should be so much better than what they are currently showing
thats on the coaches
yesterday women at the chinese grocery store laughed at me in cantonese for overspending on gailan and i was too ashamed to back out.
i was paying for , thought cashier said $4.50, and was like "wow, that's ex", but was too shy to say so. it ended up being 50
i haven't drank sin 68 so doesn't take much to get a bit goofy! chicken wings put the fire out!!
lol!! are you drunk?
oh for the love of god. she's leaving the bathroom
i bet that diaper pail was stinky! hahaha
why were they going in your room!?
i have no clue!! they didn't say why. maybe my alcohol or cause i keep my own stash of tp on top of what i pay for? money?
it kinda sucks that vision was so cool in ultron but civil war turned him into a giant weenie
it's like....accurate to the comics though
then what is the solution, privatize and consumers really suffer? checks and balances doctor. i know not perfect.
well the bottom line is as soon as we demand a third party to pay for care, they have the rights to dictate the care
in fairness,they could just say enunwagoodwinsalassmithsrcolemanwallacemarvinamendolashepardfullerfitzpatricbenjamin
relax with fucking salas
. the other thing to know about fmri is they use it to test brain activity when doing activities.
. the reason people w/ are different is different brain regions are active vs. neurotypicals.
be sure to catch every on the red carpet livestream on now!
i thought this was
oh. my. gawd! i would have just..i just...wow! i imagine that it was a spiritual experience!
it was!! and the owner of his home was so beautiful and welcoming. she's really doing a great job preserving the space
i5 is your ticket out here!!!
i first have to take 70 west out of jersey lol.
enjoy your tweets so much!
thank you so much for your kind words. it's all the word of god! jesus has inspired me ever since he saved me in march of 1989.
i use google maps for subway stuff, waze for driving / checking my speed
the black background really makes things pop on the 7s screen eh? i rock it too
lets see how much lp i can lose today in ranked..
i wish you the bestest of luck
@ watching in noisy bar! is ware out??
yes...elbow injury i think.
how are guile 3 and shedskin related? (admittedly i just scanned the gist)
guile 3 will apparently have magic speed mode set to on.
blair witch: not particularly memorable continuation of original. effective sound editing + jumps!
i only want to check this out bc the you're next people made it, but it sounds like a netflix not theater?
ivory tower project ( ) - way too late (edited) :: tune in:
tyvm 4the +
what a douche attacking children. she's smarter and more beautiful than you will ever be loser
sorry you want to go down on - now i get it!
emtithal mahmoud was phenomenal.
an absolute highlight - a strong reminder of what is at stake &amp; why we must make this the
where yo ass at now!
dirty bitches
same here; but i'll confess that i'm still in love with everything i came of age listening to.
right there with you on that man. &amp; my girls picked up some my old stuff. 6 y.o. likes blonde, 4 y.o., bowie
that scene always has me so so sad i love small tony.
same i always look at pics of young rdj to picture baby tony
someone please tell me why i'm mr krabs
this is gold
i just came home from work and just saw it, thank you
we have been tweeting since 10am! lol- now u all going to get it!
angelica! eliza! (and peggy). london is the worst fashion week.
ahhh i'm the hamilton-illiterati
enjoying archie panjabi. i love her voice. she'll be nas kamal in 5 episodes, according to .
stopped watching after first two episodes. you just gave me a reason to *maybe* consider giving it a second chance.
one word for 's look: beautiful
who is she???
of course all my kids really cared about was scoring a drawing from !
it's the little things;)
rams are up 9-3 now this is not a misprint
not surprised seattle offense stinks. i guess marshawn lynch meant a lot more than i thought
i dare you to say he's faster than fuller
idk tbh let's compare 40s
. the reason people w/ are different is different brain regions are active vs. neurotypicals.
. stimulant medications (and antidepressants) are very helpful for adults like me, with .
she said the best she can do is refer me to a different doctor. she's also not telling me my results of my blood work.
thats infuriating....
i would totally be cool with getting murdered to "dancing queen"
young and sweet
just want friends that will be my personal photographer
um hello gf????? when can i come ova dennn
ahhh i'm the hamilton-illiterati
because i keep losing the hamilton lottery!
don't hate because i tell the truth
how can you even pretend that those videos aren't funny
current home screen
you strike me as a person who'd have snap closer to the bottom for easier access during 1 handed use. when you get your plus?
lmao thank you! i hardly ever post about my opinions or views but that really made me mad
fuck it say whatever you need to say lol they entertain me
ah, well at least the weather is nice and you can see the sea?
i'm cheering for the visitors, man. the st louis missouri cardinals.
thinking about a move to wp engine: - any experiences... good or bad?
we host the blog there. works well for us
did you guys use some of those coupons? i hope you're enjoying yourselves!! happy birthday!
sadly they are only good for week day mon-friday
is that me. im property. damn. but willl there be alcohol
you're mine. deal with it.
malcom smith lost tamme. raiders linebackers have been exposed today.
they were exposed last week . second and third stringers are not how you make a starting core
i just came home from work and just saw it, thank you
for 2 hours she roamed the bedroom,bathroom for a sock! back in 1 hour! lol! u newbies move
melo working out this weekend already looks in mid-season form god damn
making $40mill+ a year is very motivating :)
off to da ermys!
is that peppermint ?
from packed public swimming pools to queues that stretch for miles: astonishing pics reveal the daily crush in china
-russia is occupying 1,500,000 square kilometers of former chinese land! when will the chinese wake up?
y'all defense looking real asab though
facts but we still need a lot of work too early to brag on a team like the giants
dumb question but what's the difference between playing an actual pinball machine vs one from a game, like pokmon pinball ?
actual pinball is more challenging.
yes. then i be mad as shit because everyone be out
out partying?
because i keep losing the hamilton lottery!
how could you like this tweet?
i was 7 in that picture. get a life.
here's a link for you ...
. i wonder if he realises how many synagogues there are in iran...
60. 10.000 jews. total iranian population of 80.000.000
i'm in the same boat. time is too short!
*mutual feeling*
yeah me too. i hope a video of it makes it to youtube
we'll do a detailed post on blog soon. hope that lessens the fomo!
i have no clue!! they didn't say why. maybe my alcohol or cause i keep my own stash of tp on top of what i pay for? money?
it could be they were looking for the rent. cause i keep it in drawer next to door until i see them.
ugh, the nightmare
and remember they made our pal stay home that friday and put your 5 pm follower (nyc) to sub
we are sitting here watching penny dreadful
scene in the first season was beautifully shot. reminded me of a party.
block or no
people who follow nobody else are celebrities
mom: "how's school going?" me:
this is the best thing ive seen all year
i can't believe eli threw for north of 350 yards and the giants won by the skin of their balls.
3 turnovers will do that
21-14 lets go!!!!
why she ain't home yet???
nyc bombing a protest of anti-lgbt bias, or is claim a hoax? (video)
tumblr seems an odd platform to make such a claim.
of course all my kids really cared about was scoring a drawing from !
the pleasure was all mine!
it must be some sort of hobby to just be late or not to at all lol
lol it isn't my fault though, ulta got me fucked up
literally anyone
holy shit wtf zach what's good bruh.
dayum but atl has a high profile offense...its ok they scored we got to redeem ourselves ..lets go !
this offense is embarrass you on your home field ! defense should take this personal
damn it's a good thing my names actually madison
don't gas yourself up there
my mom's spaghetti is so fucking good. its so fcking good. i will fight anyone who says their spaghetti is better bc its so dang good
i cant eat white ppl spaghetti anymore bc my mom's spaghetti is god tier, y'all. im so excited i keep eyeing it but she wont let me eat yet
six out of seven on this trip
i'll take that
man it's cause austin hooper(dls alum) is showin out
nah bruh is trash
i could talk music for hours!
same. i hit a lot of the music festivals these days. life is beautiful later this week. vegas is fun.
i love jesus you should introduce yourself sometime
no thanks i'm jewish and proud!
i know he's gone, but not sure why. unfortunately, i'm at work, so not closely following the red carpet.
bunmer (you at work not seacrest)
are you around still? would love to meet up before this is over.
yes i am. i'm in the back. will be around :)
excellent so great decisions come from peaceful secure calm place just out the sky?????
you're saying that to be a wise guy, but it's totally true. talk soon. got to go
didn't seem that way last night!!
where were you when it happened?
yea like they r so reliable. dont link infowars to me
right! info wars is never credible to the brainwashed, lol! fox or nothing?
im hyperventilating. we need to fast forward to new york basketball. this squad is out here working!
that's what well run teams do. knicks fans aren't used to it.
about 4.5 - 5 miles as the crow flies. at first we thought the expected hurricane was rolling in. then the building shook...
...then the boom and the shockwave. building shook again. bits of ceiling tile rained down. engaged gtfo protocols.
i don't believe abrogation. context is different though
who cares? you have no say in islamic jurisprudence at all. face it.
my tl goes from hating on matt ryan to cheering for him. it's fun.
it's hilarious
great rah rah guy. bad x's and o's guy
it's the nfl rah rah is nonsense - belicheck carroll these guys are thinkers &amp; schemers
after thinking about it i would prefer the giants win to knock cards out
cards still have 1 more series vs the cubs
oh yes my bad! didn't read your tweet properly
what seats do you have
be sure to meet this guy in quartzsite.
getting pretty tired of you subtweeting me
agreed. but next time maybe listen to the progressives in the primary.
if sanders could've persuaded more nonwhites, lgbt people, etc., he'd be the nominee. does "blame the candidate" apply there?
reince: those that don't back may be denied a 2nd run...
now he's "talkin' turkey!"
i've been following her since the 80's have you? how about you watch a saudi documentary and tell me why she supports them
i would never base many opinion on a movie, documentary or otherwise.
i am part of a secret society called butt crack selfies
you and that hero at the magic the gathering tournament
if cards were knocked out then you can line up your pitching instead of needing them last games of the season
yeah that is a good point there
jay bruce over that stretch (21 games played): .186/.269/.300 2 hr, 5 rbi, 7 bb, 23 k
bruce meet the bench.... bench meet bruce!
what an amazing picture/stadium!
still saving you a seat, mate...
nah cards will score 3 in 1st and realize the other team isn't trying and just try to end it asap
alright i feel ya know. a loss is a loss but you were spot on
i love when the wall street journal tries to act cool
"you won't believe which brownie mix has the strongest margin!"
word im trynna take a shit
i meant that* oops. i grilled the shit outta the fucking dude when i left
ha, i wished i shared your optimism. given the tense climate in eu, i dont think those living there share your optimism either.
-europe needs immigration, but not all at once. this flood has been putin's plot from the start.
icymi mr wardrobe has now reached over a million views on youtube! thanks you silly sausages
thank you mr wardrobe for dazzling up our outfits
machado's homer is the 8th the have hit off jake odorizzi, now tied with chris archer for most given up against the o's this year.
hey i'll be in baltimore wednesday night and going to the game thursday night. maybe i'll see you
": supporter of murder genocide and pedofiles" yes i agree logan is their leader
he was talking about you low life.
found the perfect jar jar lance, my yaoi con hero
in case people missed it, jar jar lance saved the day last night
couple retweets &amp; i'll drop on sound tonight
fina drop real sn on soundcloud
hi laura, will we see you on this week?
yes, looking fwd to meeting you
ever hike to lake colden and say, "should have kept the road open to here"
omg burn!!!!
"in other breaking news, the world is round, not flat" - president obama (in response to trump's )
lol ahhh don't make it say it, it's really not nice. but it's too late to run this year.
yes i care about sales. yes i'm terrified for 's first week sales.
i hope people give it a chance instead of putting gaga in a box based on what they expect to hear.
it's on netflix?!?! i need to watch it. i have the dvd.
you guys didn't watch it back in 80s on abc's saturday night movie? they played that quite a few times &amp; wrath of khan
what?? the cf wasnt the only one involved in fast tracking russian uranium either
ahem. nuance doesn't work for you i see.
the concert was so good omg i wanna go back
i'm really glad you enjoyed the purpose tour it's so good
my personal music library is over 2 terabytes, not counting all the vinyl i own. so, a diverse collection!
between music &amp; movies in my house, running out of room at 30 terabytes
yes a white extremist
another fail.
are you really going to let these complete asshats on tv tell us a bomb isn't a bomb? good grief. cut your cable. turn off the tv.
lmao exactly
always got to be a liberal or now socialist showing how racist they are so just go away no 1 want hear u
i miss hoss from bonanza ponte rosa. hoss for president! yes!! finally an honest candidate on this election.
it's crazy to think that their best chances came short handed and with under 2 minutes left
someone needs to light a fire under them.killer instinct with the puck.go to the net and get a rebound.too many 1 and dones
is it me, or is this red carpet a little...boring so far?
it isn't you. but aren't they always?
looks like duvall has shifted centrally alongside collin and perrinelle, zizzo to right back in a five-man backline.
don't say that!
the nsa can geolocate (and spy on) wi-fi devices using *satellites*.
intercept story on menwith hill. famous listening station since the old phone/satellite spying days.
braves come in next and they been playing really good. freeman &amp; inciarte are red hot. could take 2 out of 3 from nats
yeah braves are a pesky ass team
i don't need anyone to laugh at my jokes, i laugh at my own anyway shoot...
the only joked i've laughed about is your life.
says the woman who has been married for a zillion years... ?
but just the thought of the possibility!!!
he was talking about you low life.
i have clearly gotten under your skin.
all our african american brothers an sisters please don't let a racist bigot replace our beloved president obama.
no hrc camp started it in 2008 campaign &amp; trump finished it by getting birth certificate
so how exactly did donald trump build his own bank account? on the backs of american taxpayers:
no that's your style. a criminal like you should just keep quiet.
nah like when i be walking on campus looking like a bum .. i usually see hella people lol
oh worrrrrrd, that's my entire life! i went to montys today like a bum n everyone was there
just start barricading yourself in when you sleep.
i usually put a doorstop. i must have forgotten
backdraft is on tv. never seen it. the score is a bit eerily similar to fury road's.
did you watch that series of videos on film scores this week? was sad to see fury road's is so heavily borrowed.
i have that in my wii u
i got this game for free in middle school. from a friend.
hello. i turn 20 in one week. *cue the riot of surprised followers who were under the impression that i was 16*
you and my friend share a birthday lol
look at you all! seems like a fun occassion! will try to make it over this week!
yeah some of them are hardcore. not me. i barely photograph them.
think ron pruitt also..one of the giants greatest comebacks..
we're back in the race! - hank greenwald
u cant even delete messages on ios10. u know what.... it's fine. i'm fine.
oh so what's this.....??????
dear youths of the world, please stop wearing visors for the sake of mankind!!! thanks!!
don't tell me what to do logan i rock a good visor
this is so relaxing
bless u for retweeting this
can't belieb i have to wait two month to see justin again :(
i had to wait three when he toured in north america so consider yourself lucky
she shouldn't have went back.
yup. going back to old work is never a good idea. we know this sis
eat your heart out metropolis!!!!
this looks so good
jimmy kimmel hosting the emmmys , howard live mundday
alllllllll i neeeeeeeeeed is mariann updates in my life!!
and i watched all seasons of full house and my uncle used to ride me around listening to too short in his box chevy caprice lol
&lt;---- what i just read
its no embarrassment when it's 2 tough teams battlin..atl is tough
good teams win at home ..all the time
hopefully not some carrier-specific thing (i'm on at&amp;t if it makes a difference)
hmm i'm on t-mobile
do you have anything intellectual to add to this conversation other than junior high humor
no just trying to help with the obesity problem in america!
that's nothing compared 2what thes do2setc mustbenuked
&amp;needsmilitaryroundupsofall 's &amp;h's shariasin
chuck todd: who cares if hillary pushed birther rumors in 2008 - it's 's fault damnit janet!
displacement of responsibility 101
nfl only cares about $, and if it's about $ there is more money is in the bay
i truly think it comes down to jerry jones -if he thinks vegas is a good move hell sway the room -he was instrumental for lar
it's just a little deflated, it's still good it's still good
is that what brady said to bellichick...
can't wait till
really? last 2 seasons were a flop.
please take my name off any wins that may come my way. is not happy i showed up late, i had to work all day
wins? no! tweet the place. we all been taking breaks.
is soul summit cancelled in brooklyn new york today
they said no more parties in september, not sure when the next one is
. how does this help hillary? shit libs get lost in the sauce some much this election. lol
trump lies and brags and needs to be held accountable.
walter white and the maker movement by via
thanks for sharing
jay lines from even his first album to this day will make you rewind it like, " he said what"?
bro i found this tape called before rocafella with a bunch of old jay joints from before reasonable doubt and it's crazy.
saturday's scottish daily express front page
i'm sure she is still dreaming of an independent scotland. how does the express get inside her head?
please take my name off any wins that may come my way. is not happy i showed up late, i had to work all day
do u see the map?
i truly think it comes down to jerry jones -if he thinks vegas is a good move hell sway the room -he was instrumental for lar
all these owners bow to him &amp; goodrll bows to the owners -
more media showing ahead in states pres obama won twice.
just heard on fox,ppl concerned abttrump qualif&amp;temperament.no off cuffteleprompter
and , this made my day!
always have your back, ! the wtf is a very special device.
holy shit, all that sauce....
dude. come over. eat my mom's bomb ass spaghetti sauce. its so good willow. so good.
finally. united with the duke
this is so cute??? kill me???
wow.find it remarkable that jane goodall would compare trump to a chimp. that's kinda insulting-&gt;
wel if the shoes fit... and we're all apes after all.
a few little shots of what's to come. i had a lot of fun showing this scene
now that's what i'm talking about
papa ko retire kar diya waise. bola aaram karo. all he has to do now is take care of his health &amp; mommy dearest! free of responsibilities.
he's earned that. high time i stepped up. now on, papa will chill while i act as the grown-up. scary, but i had to do it sooner or later!
post-panel at the brooklyn book festival
eyeliner queens
holy shit, all that sauce....
not now ofc bc im in norcal and ur going to korea but when u get back
i can't get taken out to eat nowhere because i never finish my food :(
i get full way too fast idk why i'm like this
regardless. i have far more knowledge on these matters than you. i refuted your points ages ago.
no, you made excuses for the hatred in islam.
president obama: "you want to give me a good sendoff? go vote."
hillary lying just like obama did, now their both war criminals as exposed by wikileaks
and cruz failed to do this knowing it would have been a decent pre-emptive attack on trump birthering him.
the gop has failed to call trump out on anything.
tim kaine says he wouldn't call donald trump's supporters 'irredeemable'
tim kaine is just another howard dean, all squeal and no action. !!!
tier 1: no stains, relatively flattering. can wear to stay the night anywhere tier 2: stained/torn within reason, close friends and family
this is too perfect.
the time has come!
"the walrus said."
got to golf the irish at whistling straits, an amazing course where a round of golf cost as much as my months rent
snazzy shorts!
so pleaee forgive me for trying to get in on a little fun. needs the prize more, award to her
you are funny! go win! its trivia pursuit and popcorn good luck-
this is my freshly made toolbox and all the tools i used to make it.
bonus points for
that's pretty cool days
yeah...i'm cool like that.
was it worse than the revenant
hmm hard to say, let me think about it
there is nothing i love more on this earth than my little brother and my graphing calculator.
and to be honest, the graphing calculator was here first.
husband got back and trailhead parking was packed. dec: avoid most popular hiking trails in adirondacks this fall
come to the quiet lakes of the southern
guangzhou. been here? have any must sees?
i have not! need to look at my map.
is tavon austin the most overrated player in the nfl?
matt ryan, stafford, alshon, all rated higher w/more hype
me outside the bar when you guys looked back at me :((((((
we'll go back v soon
agreed. not environmental
not... exactly why...
off to da ermys!
is this the reverse angle to this shot?
when you cant answer you refer back to vulgar abuse. shameful indeed.
islam does not respect non-muslims. so do not expect to be respected back.
idk how y'all do it if i were to do a kickstarter i would get 10 dollars tops
i once schemed how i could get a kickstarter for ppl to pay me to read for a year instead of working
peanut butter
lol ur profile pic
see! i wish the judge hadn't thrown out 's suit against me, i would have won! thanks jane!!
let kelly get all her talking points out. thanks for helping trump be elected. disappointing!
maybe it's an ios thing
probably. i mean, my experience with android is somewhat limited.
colin powell on .
they have such love for each other...politicians are great! no more crooked politicians vote trump
dont know what happend. but normally terror is linked to islam. if it was not in name of islam then its no terror
terror doesn't need to be only islam. don't forget oklahoma city was domestic terrorism.
this is great
thank you!
seriously, find someone who talks about you the way talks about . his enthusiasm is infectious.
ha! as newbie am also a convert. jame finding our etribe evokes
when you cant answer you refer back to vulgar abuse. shameful indeed.
that was my answer. you have no say in islam.
omg the hashtag for the golden globes will have a little character that looks like our jimmy next to it just let that sink in
i was just thinking this omg!!!
this is too perfect.
i have a very similar system but now there are tiers.
soooo happy she fell for it lmaoo she blocked us on twitter
im about to get blocked too
golden circle is better than pit.
i'm going to try to get that when he comes back to do a second leg in north america
i want better for us... let me come cheer with y'all
i took a nap but woke up to see y'all doing all right.
day 2! watch out, is coming for you ...
is that as fast as it will go?
i am sitting in the shade under a tree drinking an ipa and making a map while everyone else in the house is taking a nap how about you
i am extremely ready for lunch.
delayed for hours in the airport gives me lots of time to check out pics from my ...
oh yes! so awful being stuck in az
look around here on twitter who exactly does the shoving...
right now you
and kids please share name of designers also, rather than only your opinions.
who are those people? i know nobody on this red carpet.
when you cant answer you refer back to vulgar abuse. shameful indeed.
keep trying. as i said, my voice will always outweigh you two liars for allah.
you work for the city? moonlighting on your messenger biz?
city hired us to work viva calle. ;)
. thanks ofc. falconer for actions which "prevented additional injuries."
remember wants this officer disarmed when out of uniform, probably even when on duty
it's almost over, and today, i accept that. @ bovina center, new york
do not go gentle into that good night...rage, rage against the dying of the light.
incredibly painful to watch giuliana rancic try to talk to jerry seinfeld
he kept cutting her off, when a question was asked
also, they need to take in those that are willing to assimilate and honor host nation's laws.
-putin knows full well they can't be assimilated properly if they all come at once. that's why he bombs so many civilians.
i'm not sure how that money goes away with a nationalist.
please untag me
yea like they r so reliable. dont link infowars to me
i bet you believe jones when he tells you what crooks killary and oscuma are.
hey you're the nicest person i know ily
hey you're the prettiest
closer look. taken in paris. film: fuji provia 100f. camera: fuji ga645. circa august....
see you find paris as visually seductive as i do. nice pic of the invalides
of these cops are for nazi trump.
that motherfucker ran way from me, after 30 miles of harassment.
why must one always get away? i need to find my solemate hehe
you need to take a step back! lol! is that you talking to the missing sock?
the issue here is that you and your friends find excuses to hate islam. but we don't hate you :)
there is no we. you are no one in the ummah, so save the smiley face conman.
i just really want to think my friends for putting up with me this season. i appreciate you!
you were wayyyy worse last year lol :p
excited for the . many amazing shows, but i hope this is the year of . they deserve it.
it's been one of the consistently best shows on tv for years &amp; i would like people to finally believe me when i say that!
i have a very similar system but now there are tiers.
there are also sub tiers for clothes/underwear you'd visit a new doctor in.
this is not college all teams in the nfl can win anywhere imo
but a 6-2 home record a .500 record away can get u a playoff spot..home cooking is what gets u there
thats because you are fooled by a fraud con man. he said u fools would do this yr b4 he decided to run.
and you're fooled by a real racist, this was taken at birthplace of kkk, slave imagery.
okay just trying to help you but now have to block you for cussing me--save vitriol for hrc!
never cussed at you
rt rt rt trump surging in national and battleground polls! - politishox news via
continue rt rt rt rt ! trump train is rolling into your town ya better climb aboard !!
the issue here is that you and your friends find excuses to hate islam. but we don't hate you :)
liar. islam hates anyone who opposes it. you proved that.
what is he doing
cutting off his fantastic hair, again. i'm having glee war flashbacks.
you're next is so good though! that was definitely a memorable one and even my boyfriend, a horror naysayer, enjoyed it ha ha.
it's one of my all-time faves
i saw it at a drive in when i was a kid.
not that one. i saw et at a drive in on cape cod in 82
lost sunglasses!
is it time to vote?
bubble tea selfies byke!!!
this was a good day
hoco with your fav fruit loops
holy shit squad goals
when are we going to have that talk about andrew luck
where have you been?
because the battle system is terrible
leveling system is a bit exponential. makes it tough to get free crap from leveling after lvl 20.
it's been one of the consistently best shows on tv for years &amp; i would like people to finally believe me when i say that!
also i got to vote this year!! let's see if i picked winners...
renita smith saved 20 kids from a bus that burst into flames in maryland. hear her story.
calm down, bitch trippin off pcp probably just thought they were all watermelons. fuck that nigger shit. nump trump 454 !
we better hope they like us when they do
we can bribe them with delicious unscripted device to database data.
bullshit he donald trump disrespected the entire military, he degraded the military on a foreign russian tv
think for yourself stop listening to the media.
its still a close game so we have a chance
but can't depend on your defense to stop to help right now..
teakettle 20160918_131827_1
ready to !!! first time. any recommendations?
what would you like recommendations for?
found any good spots to eat near there? (besides beach chalet, which gets way too hot in the afternoon.)
sure, all sorts of stuff both north and south of the park ranging from cheap to fancy.
the issue here is that you and your friends find excuses to hate islam. but we don't hate you :)
islam is plague upon humanity. those with morals hate it.
trying hard not to feel discouraged by being told urban fantasy doesn't sell (my story is a mashup of ya and uf).
don't concentrate on the genre- just right the story. i heard vampire stories weren't selling, and here we are, years after...
i once schemed how i could get a kickstarter for ppl to pay me to read for a year instead of working
gotta work that literary hustle
i love spanish curse words so much. puta is beautiful. such a beautiful curse word, almost seems poetic.
lmao how you know you've been watching too much marcos
im playin.. idk whenever i keep looking at the game ryan keeps picking yall a part. get off the field lol
haha. we drafted 2 dbs in the 1st round over last 3 years and they don't even start. like wtf
seeing the bruce conner a movie program 3
literally every short in this program was bang-up fantastic. please catch it next tues. if you can.
orignally read this as gatorade jug of penis and got a great new idea 4 a column so thx
he meant to say penis but autocorrect
*gets hissed at by a pigeon*
dude is this in nyc
does that "public service" include helping cofound al qaeda?
- are you stupid or what ???
ovo customs dm to submit custom design. any shoe. text/call: 206-235-4470
this is xavions next move
. stimulant medications (and antidepressants) are very helpful for adults like me, with .
btw, my neighbors who got the advance! mag may not be scientologists. they left it in the mail tray, slightly wrinkled. no return to sender.
well yeah, but besides that.
i'd prefer out national anthem be changed to lennon's imagine, guthrie's this land, or simon &amp; garfunkel's america. pick one.
oh, so you don't think that we're najis?
he lies a lot and then runs off.
hurry a few minutes away for the cash
cash!! what!? where!!!
matt ryan just threw a pick in the end zone
i feel like you're going to be able to just rt this tweet all season
wasted my 1st round pick in allen robinson with the 11th pick. guy has done nothing to help me. frustrating
because jason verrett shadowed him everywhere. i should have benched robinson as well smh
ha! maybe "letting" is the wrong word entirely!
more like "lrn 2follow ur instincts" because his are excellent (not a it's just how he's wired)
haha! yes it is!
thank you, thank you :) lol
off to da ermys!
and what kind of pro homosexual message does that send? asswhipe faggot ass white snitch. you pussy !
part 1 of the hoh began, the full comp will be shown on wednesday's finale show
wow look at them up there paul is the only one who fits ya ok
this is what we're up against. people who think robert gates cofounded al qaeda.
stupid is as stupid does so in essence ...
but your man did say this... con artist...
the book doesnt say this is for voters, get your quotes right you liar.
bullshit he donald trump disrespected the entire military, he degraded the military on a foreign russian tv
and obama bowed to a king and ridiculed the us on foreign soil.
breaking news: libertarian vp bill weld considering dropping out &amp; endorsing hillary clinton
promises, promises...
i don't know, man, you're a solid hugger.
'dan's a solid b+ player in the hugs game. good grip, and constant chest to chest constant. would hug again.'
this weather like why is it 84 degrees in sf and where has karl gone ?
it seems is slumming in the atlantic.
what is wrong with her?
trump is all over the place from city to city in 1 day! she looks like shit after 1 event
wait but why are you team kevin if no one should want to date patrick maybe i shouldn't ask questions
it's surprising how sometimes people make too much sense, too much!
we better than last year it's ok
forreal at least they're watchable
someone just called me a white-trash neoliberal dumbfuck right before blocking me. lol...
he would've called you more names, but his mom called him upstairs for dinner.
also, they need to take in those that are willing to assimilate and honor host nation's laws.
-the reason that putin is such a threat is that he is so clever. it has allowed him to do a lot with a little.
btw, my neighbors who got the advance! mag may not be scientologists. they left it in the mail tray, slightly wrinkled. no return to sender.
i've heard it's almost impossible to get off of scientology's creepy mailing lists. if nobody else wants it, i might snag it for a souvenir.
day off on monday? da fuq???!!! you find a hitchin' place yet?
narrowed down to 3. all of em are ridiculously great options. have to look at 3 more. will know by wed. keep st pat's open in nyc!!
but it's already short
nah it's not bruh the top is all curly and fluffy like back in the day. but more stylish
retweet to bless someone's timeline
": retweet to bless someone's timeline
she has braces?
something like that it not just teens that get them
i hope it's astro turf he's sodded it with (believe it or not, i've seen that before)
nope. green grass that close to the ocean. unfortunately it's catching on.... a show of power or something i guess.
2016 has had the best day of my life and far too many bad ones. a friend from college passed away after collapsing during a half marathon.
i am so sorry, chris.
this sock is going to be the death of me.
yup!!! yup! what cash? time
"mirai no museum" was one of the most controversial perfume releases. did you like it back when...
the costume is cute
love and hip hop
exactly why i don't know who that is lol ratchet mess
omg, my mom is obsessed with not having me found dead in bad underwear by paramedics or w/e
same. i only started thinking like this because she always emphasised it and now i can't stop.
was a pleasure meeting you. thanks for your patient advice. i'm the guy working on the weight training app. can't wait to apply!
have you moved to a different domain?
man sorry if i smwasnt clear i mean hit me up with some doodle ideas wanna make some doodles for you guys
a modern take of a mimic! using a more modern looking or futuristic treasure chest is cheating think outside the rectangle~
omfg jsksbksw the hair and your icon im choking
ikr! omfgshgx! i know it's my fave pic of rdj!here's the full version!
i actually know a simon who lives in upstate new york! but he doesn't look like me, and he's a libertarian :/
oh no! btw come to ny
spotted on one of the most expensive pieces of real estate in the world.
this one has excellent collection of second-hand books on chess and sports history. i was impressed
good job kory!! wanna try it on this?
this looks awesome :d! sneak peak of specs?
she didn't say that. no where did she say "black people" were super predators. get it right.
tell that to this young lady.
they have the better wr's we have better te's
yea but gronk counts as like 2 wr
what if he shaved his head bald
if his hair grows like joeys he'd be bald for 3 days.
time to root for a 9th inning comeback from the team with zero 9th inning comebacks.
will not happen today neither incredible they got 0
just got off the road, turned the game on, and pick 6! go broncos!!
that was also when i tuned in! go broncos!
blondie &amp; bowie! great tastes! you should turn them on to the pretenders first record. punk classic!
my 6 y.o. looks like a mix between blonde &amp; janis joplin. and i swear that child is a reincarnated hippie.
you were there? i wish we'd met. i love your work.
your panel was great! i wanted to say hi but you were surrounded!
omg, my mom is obsessed with not having me found dead in bad underwear by paramedics or w/e
i'm gonna have a neck surgery in october/november and she was like *looks at my feet* "might wanna get a pedicure".
both buenos, k. that's why i said foreign better than american. ho.
nasty, what flavors?
they all do when you confront them with that filth from the qur'an.
they really are repulsive. keep up the good work nate!
u are only as good are u are this year..last yr don't mean shit imo..gotta take 1 game at a time
quite right ..but history precedes the success of this team . hope this is their time to shine
what kind of racist yuppie source??? there's no way *anyone* could look out of place between fit &amp; 34th street
would look more out of place not carrying a suitcase there.
soooo true!!!!!. but i mean..... pit is lit af! but so many fakes around.
i'm going to try to get golden circle when justin tours here again
la times/usc poll: trump gaining with african-american voters trump best choice for blacks
alt-righty then
president obama took office vowing to win the afghan war. he's leaving behind a giant mess.
mess was created when reagan &amp; saudi destroyed afghanistan socialist civilized gov. allowing taliban take over resulting in 9/11
when ellis would rather start 3 center backs than just play ali krieger
srsly wonder what turned ellis against kriegs so much, jesus
extended ramblings on why civil war is not how it once appeared.
i want to jump on the ultron train, i really do. still can't, tho i feel i'd prefer a 3-hour cut of it to either cw or avengers 1
i've heard it's almost impossible to get off of scientology's creepy mailing lists. if nobody else wants it, i might snag it for a souvenir.
it was the combination of seeing that in the mail slot, &amp; the story that russians leaked simone biles's history, that led me to tweet.
who agrees? who doesn't care what trump does?
this is how trumpers justify his ongoing abhorrent behavior &amp; lack of moral center. his past speaks to his (lack of) character.
i could really use some member berries right about now.
but adore, you literally are member berries (unless danny was the one who wanted them).
these kids are like 12 and already dressing better than 5th harmony lmao
someone tell fifth harmony to hire the stranger things kids' stylist
and my friends were flashing lights at me. thinking it was the cops, i moved slower. i had so much anxiety.
rude motherfuckersss
this was a good day
definitely when i decided i wanted you to wear out the warranty on my walls
you gotta let ya nigga breathe girl. he's gonna cheat regardless, just don't let the reason be because you're too controlling.
let it be because he's just a dog lol
having sunday's off is awesome
can't relate
looking forward to a "hit him with the hein" from tonight.
id rather lol we gotta leave him alone hes busy
yep i had no other choice at then to draft him. i'll give him a week, if not trade bait
he had 15 targets last week to lead the league. it's 100% because jason verrett is that dude at corner. when healthy, top 3!
what if your nigga got food stuck in his beard?
i always save room for snacks
interesting that in jacobs' day a supermarket was seen as a top-down destroyer of local food retailer - baker, butcher, egg shop &amp;c
now farmers markets are seen as elitist :-\
i'd love to talk to on the . should we make this happen?
yes, please!
don't try to deflect... you trumpateers always deflect. this convo is about the donald.
lmao, truth hurts, clinton at birthplace of kkk with slavemaster symbology, hahaha, this yer boy
if nets can space floor (big if) lin will deserve look for all star team. watch.
especially with the lack of options on offense, lin and lopez are gonna have huge years
also, they need to take in those that are willing to assimilate and honor host nation's laws.
-we can't underestimate the cleverness of putin, my only hope is that someday he proves too clever for words and overplays.
localization isn't just different words for the same thing. sometimes it's the same word for different things.
also, global ads are hard.
puerto ricans are us citizens but no rep in congress: no excuse for congress cont' failure to fund zika response
they'd pass things in a second if it affected or infected them in any way !
classic poll claims trump winning 20% of black votes. stop laughing. (romney won 6% in 2012)
any other time, regular polling for black and brown is less than 12%, no all of a sudden blacks are polled at 20%..ok
blount force
too bad i missed it- could only get snippets on red zone. go blount!
i already explained myself. not trolling. never knew u existed until yesterday. you've been destroyed, troll. 0 facts.
# 1 that is the definition of trolling. # 2 ok if you think you destroyed me w/more lies, go ahead and think that.
it's not a fully autonomous car if it doesn't compose thoughtful tweets for you mid-ride.
around half of my tweets are currently composed by my car
oh dang i hope its not too boring! safe travels!
never boring with ! thank you :')
weirdly enough i did get a reply back from tumblr support today! but i don't understand why they don't understand?
tumblr get ur shit together
unexpected flaring at torrance refinery sends flames skyward
torrance continually breaks my heart.
similar thing happened to me during bomb scare in murray hill (lex and 30th, 2007). it'll pass. i recommend wine and tcm
weird! i'm your neighbor and i don't remember that event. i wonder if i was out of town on business when that one happened...
that's awful, jen got her bike stolen from the backyard yesterday, humanity blows chunks
ugh, that's creepy. i had a bike stolen from a place i worked while i was there, one room away.
i am sitting in an aa plane on the runway @ dca just heard from flight crew "ground stop on all flights heading toward jfk"?
related to air force one being en route to jfk?
report: garoppolo out for thursday &amp; beyond -
:( this season is already testing our team...
rnc chairman: former candidates who don't back trump may not be allowed to run again
- how great this would be. can we get a guarantee this can happen ??
will you still watch the game as the philadelphia eagles kneel during national anthem on sunday? now the end
just got home nfl on tv. by the time i was done i can guarantee you it will not happen again.
new patriots starting qb jacoby brissett was born in 1992. i now feel a thousand years old.
i was born in '93 and feel 'old' sometimes. interesting how age is relative
tell him to take some of that chocolate rain money and buy you some nlds tickets, first base side.
i got playoffs tickets locked up already
if you like to cook, try purple carrot! my wife and i have done that. it's 3 vegan meals in a week. 25-30 min cook time-ish
oo thanks! i'll check them out!
just figured out that allows to put multiple cursors with shift+alt+left-drag. slowly replacing sublime for me (not as fast though)
just curious, how is better than ?
the vision sucks ass and is born to be a v neck sweater cry baby bitch
remember when the vision got too hornt and crippled don cheadle?
same!!! what section
209, wbu? for drake we were 212 in disabled seating so no one bugged us lmao
who will make the keegan-michael key romcom we need?????????????
feel like he would be great in a role like bill hader's in trainwreck.
wish i had those dang emoji's on my laptop!!!
yes! no dang emoji's on a mac! but i wish i had cheese!
ebay prices still too wild for me
my mans just dropped $295 thru invoice, hit up a few... somebodies bound to bite
introducing the cast of new series i'm dying up here (with ep )!
is the reason i subscribed 2 so i could watch this show! so glad this talented &amp; funny guy is back on tv again!
someone on my street had a not-great experience
the ulock should always go through all four wheels and around an axle.
we just drove by this yesterday, in town for 4 days, narrowly missing the opening
good reason to visit dc again. :)
... if you haven't watched the americans, you're missing something special. go back to the first season and enjoy.
have seen all seasons. like but have credibility issues: elizabeth &amp; philip never sleep, expect paige to support their work
i'm letting ryan drive my car so like rip in peace
i once saw him drive an suv backwards through a drive thru you're good
vegas is a blast. when i was in the u.k. i went to many festivals. they live for that over there. so unlike the u.s.a.
omg yes! i lived in the uk for a short bit. loved it. some of the best time. that &amp; in amsterdam.
i have cats. i object to posting of that pic. shameless propaganda! were these people starving. tell us!
no they are not starving. they torture these animals to death because of inaccurate beliefs.
timberland pro's messaging is so attuned to its demographic:
"when you rise with the sun to face intense physical demands everyday, your clothing cannot be ordinary. that's why timberland pro workwear...
finally, i'm told that if i don't shut up, reid can dispatch to discredit me.
the sick thing is, internally it's accept as normal. "why does reid need clinton to win? protection." -
good juju your way!!!
what!!! juju!!
oh...4got one more thing..
coming for you!
i like phegley, but if we could find a way to replace him with austin barnes next season i would be pleased.
catchers that can also play middle infield, the new market inefficiency! barnes and tony walters
"when you rise with the sun to face intense physical demands everyday, your clothing cannot be ordinary. that's why timberland pro workwear...
...et cetera, et cetera. i feel like if there were a brand of clothing specific to west coast developers, the message would be very different.
if you see a houseplant tweeting about passwords and opsec, it's probably me
the thought of a house plant having an ip address fascinates me
tell him to take some of that chocolate rain money and buy you some nlds tickets, first base side.
all that needs to happen is for the mets to make it to the playoff and i will be there
blumenthal was/is a supporter. he didn't work on her campaign. small distinction but important.
also important: blumenthal&amp;co didn't start it, a republican named andy martin did:
literally just finished a box of nuggets i bought yesterday specifically to eat today
we're stickin it to the man
bravo! waving hello to everyone from and !
hope to see you soon, ! under your spell forever care more!
end of the third quarter.
carr throws a touchdown
how does 4ish jam packed hours sound? good? good. on from 4:15-8 w/ ! call: 888-957-9570 stream:
it sounds like trouble... i am in!
will do. following.
she colorizes b&amp;w photos. amazing collection. haunting. im partial to her work, but all is fantastic
it has to go and now
because our pal is reporting
matter! amazing how many people i met this way. ty yet again!
couldn't agree more
...et cetera, et cetera. i feel like if there were a brand of clothing specific to west coast developers, the message would be very different.
"when you stumble into the office just before lunch, you can get away with a t-shirt, because let's face it: your job isn't very demanding."
business &amp; pleasure. long day but so much fun!
wow!!! hey tammy : bet you can't wait 4 tomorrow...cauz you get better lookin everyday.. ...now retirin
why don't refs wear padding and helmets?
bc there is no refs to tell them to do so :) good point tho
fb farmers market takes ebt &amp; i've seen others do
facts never got in the way of a "story"
if anyone direly wishes to edit a 600 word paper... my common app essay is sitting here and it's desperate for some constructive criticism
i'll actually read it
thats why i love
applause for your wisdom. this is called lose little to save more
pence and kaine differ over trump's suggestion for clinton to ditch her "bodyguards"
trump many ties to russia
mt : wages? we can fix everything by reducing the dc's salary first.
wow --- thank you !! please rt rt rt rt rt
i like phegley, but if we could find a way to replace him with austin barnes next season i would be pleased.
catchers that can also play middle infield, the new market inefficiency! platoon barnes and tony wolters.
i was offered aaron rodgers, doug martin, john brown, kyle rudolph for tom brady, alshon jeffery, ingram and diggs.
would wait until games finish to consider
help i'm not creative, what are good fantasy team names for me
my go-to is the fishsticks with the gordon logo
i just watched the flicker sober at moma (p much emptied out the theater), ama
the effect of watching the flicker is essentially the same as going on a gravity wheel-you can't move from your spot.
on 4th &amp; goal, derek carr hits michael crabtree, touchdown!
go for two lol
the truth: clinton staffer who saw birther email in 2007 called it 'racist and ignorant'
to tapper .who cares.water over the dam now
saw the vid on youtube about mumble rap i think its sad the new cats have no interest in learning the art!
i'm not sure that's the case. many are too young to really have someone explain to them. i hate heads disrespecting hip hop
omg thank you
you're welcome!!
i got another for you...
so he will deliver the goods? cool thats good to know.
any of yall gonna be on tonight?
yeah. i'm on destiny now.
little slice of heaven i'm drinking champagne on that balcony as i type this.
welcome! we hope you enjoy your stay.
. hard no on that one \_()_/
let's work out a deal. davis keeps hitting bombs, but he does it against houston so you don't clinch on our field. good?
no guts, no glory
jack has ice in his veins.
would it be constitutional to ban outside income of any sort?
outside investment income from non-conflicting interests is tricky. that's why i say "earned income".
long before kaepernick's protest, this native american teen sat out pledge of allegiance
- but she was not paid millions and was not on tv
when took over our younow, the most amazing cover of "cake by the ocean" happened. like, ever.
this needs to happen again
mmm maybe that was the initial date that they were gonna install the content? or maybe the preorder add ons?
the good thing everything set all i need is the key aka 23mb download.
how can u say we should win when it's a close game?
all about momentum and i think the have it..in we trust
back in this bitch.
me arriving at your twitter welcoming back party
ah, yeaaaaah i can see that logic. silly. but okkkkkay. i guess. that said i can't wait to play that game next year!
clearly they don't know the people putting play through on youtube aren't using t ps4 share
you've hit 6,800+ by the way
yeah we been going from 799 to 801 and back to 799 all day xd
perfect! that's something i'd love to hear more about in a blog article the next time you're bored. ;)
this is a start: pindown extension for chrome lets you download each board as a folder of high-res images.
the person who tweets to get susanne to the sock is the ! tweet to move her...
does that mean!! the sock is there?
i so want this right this instant omg
that remind me....how's weather in montreal???
annoying random person: omg did you know justin cheated? me:
omg his face haha
i just completed a very brave sully / snowden double feature
sully: confirmed all my suspicions over the years that birds are no good. a solid movie. your parents will love it. it could've been 40 mins
what's the tech angle for my existential crisis about life's utter meaninglessness?
i believe the answer is "there's an app for that."
my fave is: captain jean luc picard of the u.s.s enterprise
my cousin mikey does a great impression of him
here's the clip:
she went off lmfao!!!!!!! thank you
that's a lot of scratch for a 7" but pearl jam collectors love to throw around $$$. i predict this will sell quickly
what do you think i could get for every single? i've got em all but may want to find them a more worthy home.
"arab looking man carrying a suitcase and appeared out of place." christ almighty.
shall we try this again?: brown man on holiday carries suitcase in hotel district - looks lost in city he is tourist
the doctor working on your neck is gonna be like "jesus christ, look at these calluses"
"her nails are too fucked up, i refuse to do this. *takes gloves off and throw scalpel on the floor*
i love your dedication mfb. i would never hang up on you
as long as howard picks up on me its all good
so cute. you want to stay in denial. fine by me, more schadenfreude for me later.
what trump's birther comments really meant
where have you been? video exists of trump saying this this past week.
lol, ok oh just post the link. until there is a video of her saying it, trump owns the birther movement
wow. seattle just got screwed. big sack on case keenum. but they get a face mask. new set of downs. could be ballgame.
screwed? how? he grabbed his whole damn helmet
he's in your hood sippin tea
you don't know how to answer the phone smak
make sure they actually close this one out lol
if we manage to blow a 35-0 lead in 1 quarter i'll deactivate my twitter
moveon is terrified.
its like getting eaten by a shark - very low probability but amplified by the terrifying outcome
session almost like a 12 step program - first admitting your dba mistake then fixing it
should always admit when wrong. only way to progress.
i did not. should probably watch it.
yeah, they're pretty important. do you need links? i can get you links.
yo peeps check out my dude ! bet u will lov it&amp;if u dont well thats ur problem, jk we still lov u!
thanks my friend!
is there a link to this chat? thanks! go helio &amp; !
hi shelby! follow this link to watch tomorrow:
i absolutely hate using image trend for charting software. nobody remembers a password that changes every week
absolutely! +1
happy birthday to the goat himself
hahaha thanks brotha i appreciate it!
you should work on yourself anyone whom attacks children clearly has issues
who's attacking? childhood obesity is a huge problem. i'm just here to help.
before bath puppy jumped on mommy and daddy's bed, writhed filthy self all over clean bedding!
such is life...
there's a snake in my phone
maybe it just has a slow leak
kasich, obama huddle at white house for tpp push look! kasich is for the democrats and establishment! a fraud!
no tpp- america first ! kasich your a sell out ! ohio see the real kaisich he doesn't want to help us little guys
it's tied 21-21 . . . can the raiders stop the atlanta tight end assault?
unleash karl joseph. nuthn else is working
you're the first person that came through social media with this issue. we apologize for your experience. ^ard
i guess i take phone, tv and internet for granted - maybe because amnesty intermational says. it's a human right.
hm. he should do this on the red carpet
i'm bartending tonight please text if john travolta or anyone else from ppl v oj wins.
does anyone know how fox news got its name? when i type this into google, mostly conspiracy theories come up.
seriously? go check the history of channel 5 and the sister's of channel 5.
the flannel will be out novmeber 1st :( lol
why you tell me this now? what drops friday?? regardless i need a fit for kanye lol
you da ho, hrc puppet, hrc whore mentally ill jackass
what trump's birther comments really meant
i've decided that since i have an iphone, i've come to enjoy group texts.
we need to start an asshole o'clock group. you, me, gina, and new inductee andrew
yep. not easy being a saints fan sometimes
meanwhile crabtree just caught a 4th down td pass in the 4th quarter to tie it against the falcons...
perfect! that's something i'd love to hear more about in a blog article the next time you're bored. ;)
it's a private download. if you want to share what you've downloaded, you'd need to design &amp; build the interface.
...but refugees fleeing their homeland because some a-hole keeps dropping barrel bombs on civilian targets.
-and now putin is that a-holes protector!
it's my birthday in ibiza and i'm with my best friends drinking red bull vodkas happy is an understatement here's to year 23!!
it's not midnight here yet so i'll wait to wish you a happy birthday hope your having fun
im the best sometimes
even when i miss the apostrophe in i'm
sully: confirmed all my suspicions over the years that birds are no good. a solid movie. your parents will love it. it could've been 40 mins
snowden is mostly ... really boring. propagandist bullshit that paints snowden as some folk hero instead of the sniveling shit he prob is.
body really hurts
but you look great
dis girl going to the wc!!! good luck love you so much
these are so cute!! gonna miss you soo much lover thank u
why we should all start talking about mental illness
did u all see about the lil boy who killed himself this week cuz of bullying?
so far: faster than verizon in sf, but worse coverage. especially when you're deep indoors
yeah! the international roaming is so nice.
lmfao the fact that you have that saved in your phone says a lot about who you are
its in my favorite album on my phone
well that's easy. he hasn't made a movie in years
you got me. i won't watch his old movies.
honestly i hope they clinch in oakland. let the young a's players see it physically. only helps going forward
if it means i get to personally witness a rougned celebration, that wouldn't be so bad.
scarlet witch: it's wanda. i'm in position vision: go to bed/jail ;p
scarlet witch: the sokovia accords are wrong. vision: i know, we men are the worst right??
perfect! that's something i'd love to hear more about in a blog article the next time you're bored. ;)
and you might run into copyright problems if you did. still, it gives you all the images from your collections.
awesome! i'll have to pick it up when it's out. are you back in nyc?
i am! let me know if you come through!
i'm finally freeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!
i'm so glad that u finally came home now u have to heal n get better it take time always hang in there n be strong hugs
what's going on at your stadium? just saw it's been evacuated. bomb scare?
i don't know i'm not watching the game, because it is blacked out. not even home this weekend. i'm watching your game
"you make me wanna rip my spleen out, kick it across a field goal and then eat it" -
yeah... it's official, you guys are couple goals
sending the same wishes to you martina!! my weekend was fun!!! gorgeous weather!
hi! being zapped by mosquitoes here! i look like chicken pox
i'll be in the standing area for both dates
so is that pit
perfect! that's something i'd love to hear more about in a blog article the next time you're bored. ;)
doesn't give you the *data* that accompanies the images, e.g. doesn't keep url where downloaded, provenance of image, etc.
that's a fair argument. ny dolls &amp; iggy pop/stooges really broke it open. and bowie in his ziggy stage.
oh man, iggy pop...ny dolls. i'm gonna have 2 start bustin' out old stuff. bringing back memories
can someone explain to me why picture framing is so damned expensive?
i was quoted $220 to frame a single print... how many hours does it take to frame a print? how much are materials?
why the f is the pentester holding an octopus?
if you have to ask...
you gave yourself a first pick faggot lol
it was only right and i'm whooping that ass
super duper loved guy using oculus vr headset to train people on open heart surgery techniques. talk to it w/alexa.
why wouldn't ar be more advantageous in this scenario?
down ! i have to clean my car first
i'm cleaning up my room so we good haha
perfect! that's something i'd love to hear more about in a blog article the next time you're bored. ;)
still, it's a great start. :)
i saw a 'roll tide' shirt today (triggered) and i regretted not going to college on a different continent
cut down on the addy
jack del rio don't care what your fancy charts and data say.
i want to hit the tables with jack.
watch gaga scrap the album and rush another one in 30 days
i wouldn't be surprised tbh
you're the first person that came through social media with this issue. we apologize for your experience. ^ard
also you bill me for it. so on the many occasionsl i don't have it like all day today, i'm a bit alarmed.
oh. who does netflix dvd?!?!?
gracious! get out of the 2000s!
fulltime: new york earns a point in toronto, 3-3.
stop it you bottlers
a woman's self-respect has nothing to do with how other people view her. she ain't fucking herself, so fuck tony.
i hate pick me bitches.
throwback to me and at the 1984 !
norm been in love with u long time
uber like systems for service dispatch with cash payment at time of delivery would eliminate a lot of overhead.
yes i have been providing that type of service for decades and i see pcps are starting to, but these may be outlawed soon
i better get my visa/passport ready if trump becomes president..cause i have a feeling things are going to get very bad!!
don't remind me sis s!!!
maybe the surgeon will just take care of all that for you while you're under.
best cuticle job you'll ever see
so won a pulitzer prize for publishing info provided, but now they won't stand up for him?
wapo oped pages are a dank and dark pit of anti-journalism and reactionary political accommodation.
i physically can't walk
now i know how feels
i was literally in my own world last night didn't try to say hi to anyone, lol..
i seen you on the snap mama lo. lol. almost time for me
gracious! get out of the 2000s!
i mean the 2010s lol
in the 9th, trail 3-0. now pitching: matt cain
well deserved loss, at least autjentic. giants won't be in the post season and that's correct, they do not deserve to advance.....
snowden is mostly ... really boring. propagandist bullshit that paints snowden as some folk hero instead of the sniveling shit he prob is.
thanks for reading my tweets
for the record, i'm ops/infosec, so. this is a modified version of purity by xkcd.
we could tell by the use of comic sans
come live with mee we'll share my twin sized mattress. we'll live comfortably together
she hopes im cursed forever to sleep on a twin sized mattress in someones attic or basement my whole life
&amp;needsmilitaryroundupsofall 's &amp;h's shariasin
u4h=u4
what if your taking a shit and the national anthem comes on and you cant get it pinched off to stand?
then you're in obama's bathroom pretending to be a little girl and i'm sure it's familiar turf for you
this, i would be fine with.
it would be a magical group
i'm on a 10 hour road trip with my dad and he's mad at me that i got a tattoo so he hasn't talked to me &amp; its been 4 hours
we stopped for food &amp; he offered me his apple so maybe he's starting to loosen up?
that's like saying you were hit by a lightning bolt but then god decided to give you another chance to avoid it if you could run
its entire distance, that would take literally take you longer than a whole day of running!!!
i finally beat my friend in a game of tennis--went riding-swimming-friends are here 4 dinner now-fun &amp; good 4/mind
i have been to yoga this week cuz i need a mentalstop from teaching!
the hoodies lol
fasho, my fianc wants that hoodie anyway!
i wish we were getting cute kate and marla emmys selfies this year
same though i loved them together
priebus: rnc could block kasich and bush from running again if they don't back trump
well, they could run in another party. you don't own them, you know.
its entire distance, that would take literally take you longer than a whole day of running!!!
maybe unless you were usain bolt
i legit need a package manager for all the package managers i use
ups is a pretty good package manager ... i'll see myself out
of course, nicole has established that she lies to the cameras for "footage" so we have to treat everything she says as potential bs.
stop people she's playing and it's working so.far
...but refugees fleeing their homeland because some a-hole keeps dropping barrel bombs on civilian targets.
-i said years ago that putin was after the bosporus, and now he is ensconced in syria and has turkey under his fingers.
judging from these abortion stats and black on black crime statistics black lives don't even matter to black lives
i wonder how many were the next mlk, or einstein. booker t washington? patton? carson? god please help us.
you're in that area? i moved in 2008 to sofla (family emergency). is penelope's still there? i miss their pancakes
penelope is still there, but crowded; you can't get in except during off-hours. i remember penelope before it was "discovered."
if you haven't read victor serge's political novels (nyrb), 'comrade tulayev' &amp; 'unforgiving years', you shuld. his 'memoirs' are also good
unforgiving years in on my shelf of "really should read", i'm looking at it right now
today's interpretation. tomorrow, a different interpretation.
exactly, i've been confused since td pass 4-5 years ago. i hate dal, but worst was s
so is stupidity what are we going to do about you?
it usually caused by uncaring parents who don't teach their children healthy eating habits.
in the 9th, trail 3-0. now pitching: matt cain
couldn't bear to watch!
final: lose to the cardinals, 3-0.
well deserved loss, at least authentic. giants won't be in the post season and that's correct, they do not deserve to advance.....
lol the rams are totally gonna announce fisher's extension this week
jeff fisher is the bernie madoff of nfl coaches. he knows how to keep the money rolling.
i recall reading that the house was in trouble...i pray they don't sell...does his estate still have control?!
that's what she was saying. people are offering to buy it but they don't have good intentions. she wants to keep it that way.
see my replies to this tweet
wait i'm not his friend and am dying to know what the comments are.
it would be a magical group
also random.. today's national cheeseburger day and i keep picturing a kp m&amp;c burger
i'm dying . i need to find pictures of young don so i can imagine tony/rhodey as youths.
i got this
hillary's call for an "intelligence surge" is a backhanded acknowledgment of the success of the real surge.
the surge worked so well, look at iraq today! stable, tolerant democracy. lets surge into syria.
you're in that area? i moved in 2008 to sofla (family emergency). is penelope's still there? i miss their pancakes
i hope everyone is okay, and that the family emergency went as well as could be expected. all the best and a virtual hug to you.
nope! we couldn't get pit tickets unless we buy a package. it's a general standing area
oh that sucks
so happy to meet natasha &amp; minahil &amp; share their dedication to children rights
. thanks for the amazing discussion!
yet i feel like i can't upload on my own damn channel unless its a roast, and that feeling sucks aha wild
you can do whatever you want :)
reporter arrested at trump event says he wasn't read his miranda rights
don't have to be read miranda rights until you are actually interrogated, while in police custody-
wonder what reggie mckenzie is thinking right now?
why update me im on the road back to san jose im missing the gamr ;(
oh my god she's so beautiful
she looks so good i cant handle it
lot of fraud qbs getting exposed in these pm games.
pm games as opposed to am games?
don't waste your time there, just get your ass right over to cellarmaker
heading there next!
after the who?
i know you can't read moon cricket
vision: wanda, i have been reading the internet and i understand "daddy" to be a term of endearment
scarlet witch: ...is this peprikash? the vision: hi sweetie &lt;3
don't waste your time there, just get your ass right over to cellarmaker
what else should i do here?
so is stupidity what are we going to do about you?
feed them junk food. the kids turn to food for love that the parents aren't providing.
gid i cannot stand nicole. hope to never see her face or hear her voice again after wednesday!!!
she'd probably dislike you to
don't drink &amp; drive! special thanks to for filming and editing! and ft.
tbt to farners class
liar. clinton does not want to remove 2nd amend rights. she wants prevent mass killings by blocking criminal access
what trump's birther comments really meant
today, the nonprofit i co-founded provided over 100 fellow first-generation, low-income students with textbooks!
ch*lsea cl*nton called &amp; left a voicemail to initiate an invite to cgi america 2017 for the nonprofit board.
i was actually just there at the end of june. i'll definitely be coming back though!
hurrah! would love to see you.
they were such a hot couple :(
they were i loved marla
don't be mean, ainslie. he's a saint. a saint with a goddamned error where his left arm was short as hell but he's a saint.
not being mean. think he could have saved 2 if not 3
so it's the blacks huh? it's all their fault? we would all be dead if cities were run with your ideals
thank u for telling the truth the 2nd time around: u r a black.
yk something is going down with the giants when mike heilig is talking shit about them
in addition, you know shit is going down with the packers when i start flipping shit at them.
circumstances r maddening but outcome of getting next generation of voters active/involved, awesome!
you want to check the voting percentages of younger voters before you hold out hope
vision in age of ultron is a roller backpack guy who started lifting two months ago. he sucks
i think he's good but it's funny that being alive for a year makes him a shitty boner nerd
what happened?
the last goal
halloween decorating update: the heat is oppressive. morale is low.
i live in ny and it was in the mid 80's today. i can't enjoy fall with this nonsense
how is this a surprise?
snagging &amp; differentiating 802.11 signals from (even low-earth) orbit? yeh, confirmation of that capability is startling to me.
well, there's something to be said for that. otoh, it was the south that defeated hitler; north was more isolationist in 30's
the whole thing is an impossible counterfactual, but i do get annoyed at the triumphalist liberal narrative of american history
"prophet" muhammad's marriage to his fmr daughter-in-law was incest
he was a true pervert!
nyt hits rewind on kaepernick's anthem sit-in, hails him for 'finding his voice,' tries stirring more protest
if american men in uniform had not stopped hitler, kaepernick would truly be a victim, yeah baby a dead victim !!!
so when a jew says that it's great my people are being exterminated, we can throw him in prison?
no. jews can't be guilty of hate speech.
the tree is winking at me and blowing me a kiss.....or maybe i've had too much wine
enjoy more wine...never know what could happen next...
man i was like 8 years old learning hip hop! i think its these eurocompanies exploiting these young poor blacks!
ha! me too! ha! i think we were closer to when rappers had to be the best on the block before getting signed/notoriety
congratulations ! you're one of the top 100 influencers! check it out:
thanks, bad influence or good influence?
and i'll bet you $1,000 trump is going to be your next president, so u better get used 2 it
lol yeah right try and get a trump fan to pull cash out, they just like to talk.
i made my mac today! came out great!!
any left or did the mikey marmann eat it all? if he did, totally get it. he earned it. just asking for a friend (my stomach)
this bih really asked 4 a sample of chicharon then walked over to get tortillas and asked for a sample not cosco it's tropicana
i did that a few times
vision in age of ultron is a roller backpack guy who started lifting two months ago. he sucks
age of ultron: vision can lift thor's hammer civil war: vision gets owned by hawkeye
1. english guy. nope. 2. commie. nope. 3. cigarette promotion. nope.
well then, springsteen's american land. our new national anthem.
i thought maybe i'd missed some kind of evacuation announcement, but really he wanted to know if i'd ever seen the movie "the sure thing."
oh my god that is really creepy
all day todaythe media was swinging &amp; missing on . here's laying waste to chris wallace!
wtg chris christie you hot this one out of the ballpark
rt @ amyewilton: this is how we rock kentucky mules at this house.
how come you guys spell whiskey without an e?
man i was like 8 years old learning hip hop! i think its these eurocompanies exploiting these young poor blacks!
alot of those cats had bars before they had songs. now they need to have songs and followers regardless of bars.
he was suppose to play outside and nelson on the inside on both big julio play.
cover 3? or man to man with the over the top safety?
see look at that crap def
speaking of pure luck
watching s01e01. seems to be a really cool show... especially if you dig a bit of hi-def retro.
up to episode 5 right now, after the 2nd one you get fully hooked enjoy
a great article by gloria.
thanks for speaking to me!
rezero season 2 when?
2 years minimum, probably 3
paging raiders defense. come in raiders defense. show some sign ofnlife.
really waiting for them show up
ohhhhhh yes we do you smug, withholding monster! that's the main reason i'm still watching! cc:
i love ! best show on tv
and two we only rely here are &amp;
and not on that rat!
"why clarkson?"
when you choose your college for fishing
what if he swaps john brown out for a better receiver?
doc is right i would not
damn bra, thank god sean smith didnt choose us to pay him lol
lol now we know why the chiefs got rid of his ass.
that was insane.
that was my life, right there, so fucked up.
obama to blacks: 'i will consider it a personal insult' if you don't vote for hillary
it would be an insult to america if anyone did vote for her. it will be you again instead as female gender????
so i'm working on art and i messed up big time so now i feel like crying but now i know that the end result is gonna be 10x's better
it be like that sometime, it's a struggle out here
at the game. an orthodontist from long island walked into a fight about fluoride with the woman a row behind. 7 minutes so far.
some people just want to see the world burn
name one thing trump has said is racist???
omg are you kidding? sorry i know better than to debate trumpers. can't penetrate the echo chamber
last two tours i did were with rusted root (opening for allmans) and then i retired after tricky. (europe and then n. america)
aww...jealous now. i ran around planet on own dime, went broke, became squatter in london.
suits really is so terrible right now.
i gave up on it
ch*lsea cl*nton called &amp; left a voicemail to initiate an invite to cgi america 2017 for the nonprofit board.
(not based on this tweet/event lmao, but we attended cgi u &amp; were warmly received)
share this so it gets picked up by media!!! hillary has no ground game in ohio!!!
so essentially you are ripping hillary for not having atl -rw racists running the shop?
that makes me think sherlock holmes...isnt that a nasty little herb..
-yes, and putin's currently favorite poison.
where would we be if we couldn't tweet our thoughts
writing letters to the editor?
oh but is telling you the "truth" right? fucking liberal spin tank is super easy to expose.
figures you'd say that. they give pantsonfire to dems too, so stuff it!
nyc! if ur not at the bell house tonight then i hate you!
patiently awaiting the glorious return of the prodigal son
looked like cover 3
yeah, i think so. good stuff man
girl you make me happy and we're not even super close your vibes are amazing &amp; i love you girl
thanks boo that makes me so happy to hear that, i love you too
that's another story... of course, my earlier comment -- something to be said for it - wouldn't work well if you were black
yes, i was taking it in an entirely different direction than what you meant. agree about the gop
how else are we supposed to establish dominance over the weak? rt : why do men make so many bets? everything is a competition lol
i don't know, just not.
if want to see how fat i am now you should look through my profile like you did my mothers
my dear your still obese. you should diet and exercise. lay off the carbs and junk food, get a good trainer!
"sir, do you know why i pulled you over today?" "i was watching anime while driving."
james wtffff
definitely but i'm going anyway so i can't be happier
so you can't be in pit without a package
my mom loves thay idk how
have you ever had them they're so good lol
harvest moonrise 09-17-16! the 'moon illusion'.
harvest moonercrackers. north hempstead beach bar fireworks under the harvest moon from thoggs neck.
and thankfully we have someone running for president who has acknowledged this possibility &amp; has a plan for it
oh? who is that?
i don't think so. one time lauren asked me, "how do you tweet? like...from a phone?" so that speaks for itself.
lol like from a phone? too bad. she's funny
we read the emails. forces were ready in spain. 2 generals. ready. email.
they were ready too late to save stevens and the others. other actions would have revealed secret cia compound.
what i do when the forget to invite me to the party.
you were robbed!! it's ok denis we all know how fantastic is! let's dance
i asked mr. handsome to share a cup of coffee with you-he won yesterday!!
spencer? really! he is studying for another financial test. ah! that's ice cream now!!!
where did you see the +1?
when will the drafts be ready?
linkedin founder pledged $5 mm to vets if trump releases his tax returns. join this movement and
no! they are not required &amp; none of your business.
vision: literally the only avenger no one wants a solo movie about.
the tom king comic is really good atleast
pay-forplay. $216 million from clinton foundation donors bought 205 invitations to white house state dinners
clinton's don't see anything wrong here ? there out of touch and out of there minds ! never clinton !
we've done it! is 2016 specialized partner of the year - transformation global!
congratulations for that deserved achievement!
good! im actually rooting for you guys today, don't like the falcons.
i feel like i'm watching a replay of last week's game. the falcons just scored again. this is literally the same game lol
we're really honored to share a color scheme with female gaze sweet charity
this
ch*lsea cl*nton called &amp; left a voicemail to initiate an invite to cgi america 2017 for the nonprofit board.
i thought it was a prank call when i heard the vm lmao wtf is this real
i think these red carpet interviews are about ask her more.
exactly what i was thinking. the problem seems to be there's no "more" to the interviewers.
so, there was a line out the door and around the corner to get into the brooklyn trader joe's. we have reached peak trader joe's.
that place stresses me out
linkedin founder pledged $5 mm to vets if trump releases his tax returns. join this movement and
show us yours.
speaking of pure luck
that's what i thought
where is that!?
fisherman's wharf, right across the alley from cioppinos
so we're in the same online class dude... now i know why ur tweets are so relatable.
hahaha i just tweeted at you
mn gov say conservatives not welcome. i guess they are making room for isis
is it true mn put a burkha on the mary tyler moore statue?
where mah handlers at?
she looks a fright!
the bottle is empty i've been here so long!! lol
omg! the hairdye is going to crack my hair off
it benefits a greedy ass clinic to put someone on a bike a charge it as attended therapy
thanks buddy
you should watch the descent, it's better
i've seen it :) i also really like awful horror movies...it's my favorite thing to do when nick is watching for hours
if want to see how fat i am now you should look through my profile like you did my mothers
i know your mom doesn't love but trading a food addiction for a mother's love never works!
me when fifa 17 comes out
you're putting me in the backseat?
even a deplorable had a good point here and there :)
ill take that as a compliment so thank you.
is there a markdown editor that gives you a live preview using github's exact styling for people with ocd?
i thought about adding this as a feature to dillinger.io -- should be pretty easy tbh
ok, micro climates yada yada, but how is it that it's 10 deg f cooler basically anywhere that isn't my place?
also, why am i getting ads for trendy plus size apparel?? what are you trying to say, weather underground??
lol they rip us off and use our videos. coooool
ask for the royalty bro
today i actually cried hearing stockholm syndrome for the first time. why you do this to me zayn
ok but you call yourself a directioner and yet you've never heard of that song until today...
if you breakup every 3-4 months i can't take your relationship seriously
stop judging ppl n let em live. it's their relationship. so it shouldn't be your business to take it seriously or not.
nope :( i wanted to get a pit ticket but i didn't want to spend 300 for that
are you sure because i think people didn't have to buy a package to get pit
hey bud...doing the monday sob
i forget time diff
the 's british base at the heart of u.s. targeted killing - scary how little traffic was encrypted pre-snowden.
we got a lot of mileage out of spying on vsat links for internet caf traffic in the middle east and north africa. also, undersea cables.
thanks again, jack! nowhere near the power of the blues, but hell, we were just 4 kids from working class families havin' fun!
and that's the blues
lol i never pick anyone, the robot does!
ur a cluck! lol! ! i need candy! do a jelly beans now
took a deflection nothing he could do
it was trickling along to the only post altidore could have shot to. has to do better
were taking the same online class!? lol
bruhhh we gotta work on this shit together haha to bad were not in the same group
hey bud...doing the monday sob
so off too work
didn't go there often but when i did, i didn't regret it
i think it was just an express, so less selection, but the breadsticks were still so good
if want to see how fat i am now you should look through my profile like you did my mothers
where you bullied in school for your weight?
so we're in the same online class dude... now i know why ur tweets are so relatable.
fuck this class lol
you really hate casilla
he's probably a delightful person. i just hate when he pitches.
now, i have seen a moth here i mistaked for a bat! dark-colored and about 4" wide. huge!
you can google moths in your area and find it.
chill, beneke's. you'll be okay.
mom come pick us up
i just bought my first bitcoin on coinbase - try it!
lmao why u usin bitcoin
trying to write a bio for the comedy festival and already feel like an asshole seven words in.
something in atlanta?
i thought it was a prank call when i heard the vm lmao wtf is this real
congrats! you doing amazing work!
bruhhh we gotta work on this shit together haha to bad were not in the same group
i know :/ but i'm so down!!
chris mitchell accuses in his oz media column of being captured by the pr industry. any response?
laughter? don't know many pr people who feel that way!!
or - yeah i know the defendant is blameless, but i feel sorry for the plaintiff. and besides, the defendant can afford $75k
lol, you've been on a jury too i see!
i'm too young to feel this old
lol you're just a baby!
what else have you noticed?
the &gt; in messages sometimes doesn't do anything i have to force quit and reopen it. also a bunch of weird graphics glitches.
candidates who don't back trump may not be allowed to run again, rnc chairman says
makes sense to me...no honor, never will have honor!
and who says movies are dead
me, after watching all of those movies
link is live for at lets talk science in tx, vote!
good luck! just saw this, too late.
yes, i was taking it in an entirely different direction than what you meant. agree about the gop
honestly america needs 10-15 years to cool off and rethink this whole operation. sadly...
happy sunday barbecue in toronto
enough now
i'm trying to fight my sleep and i'm dying
can you love me?
and who says movies are dead
jk i love them
the explosion incident that happened last night....
never heard of it
nj and nyc bombs bet connected. plus i would bet suspect may be part of the injured.he never got to explode 27th str.
interesting theory
yo is gave rosado still gonna get fights while everyone knows he's not gonna win? ever?
he shouldn't . i know that sucks but it's the reality.
i already explained myself. not trolling. never knew u existed until yesterday. you've been destroyed, troll. 0 facts.
going to a site that has hillary fans and posting a meme saying shes a murder/yeah that isn't trolling,
how does delete all my messages and all my music off my phone delete my pics log me out of every acct and i still have no storage
ios 10 gave me back all of my old pictures.... from like billion years ago that i deleted
watching football i go to order an irish trash can, and this dude pours me a jamison, blue curacao, then dumps a redbull in it like wtf!?
hahah probably his version of a irish trash can
lol like from a phone? too bad. she's funny
i'm not funny anymore. i think i can only succeed on twitter through my writing. good thing i'm good.
tweet undefined please vote for my fashionista!
while we all here! vote !
garaje for awesome tacos. they've always got great beer.
thanks! that's awfully close to my hotel too. i'd love to get to russian river but that's not going to happen this time.
what does it mean to look gay?
it's the shaved/long/dyed look, total dyke cut
are you alone this weekend? we should take a stroll this weekend...
a stroll would be nice
trust me, this kind of luck never happens for the falcons. proves the universe does want us to have nice, shiny things.
she is right
actually mad pumped to play hockey tonight.
to bad you stink
bullshit call! is he suppose to stop in mid air??
i missed it...i was ordering food.
hit 10k followers ! thank you guys ur all amazing
ayyee congrats!
you should know how much people care about you girl , you have more of an impact on peoples' lives than you understand
thanks, that really touched the heart.
... then come back to
tricky, tricky
a company that grew up and made it
clarifying note: making it is not limited to ipo irl but if you're a vc backed co then for your vcs, ipo is typically only def of success
state champs
everyones saying this
and now it begins
i hope it never happens god
be in there faking like they trying to workout. when they're really in there hoping to see some young cock.
if they even have the decency to fake work out instead of just hanging in locker room or showers
omg are you kidding? sorry i know better than to debate trumpers. can't penetrate the echo chamber
where to begin....
good win guys
you know it babygirl! good shit on yalls behalf too
one less garden-eating squirrel in the world.
the horror!!! d:
you ever just want zachary quinto and chris pine to make out in front of a camera? like for science and/or art?
fuck science. bring it.
the children of the generation who defeated fascism want to elect our first fascist prez. rebelling against parents?
defeated *foreign fascism ;)
he spent so many years building up a reputation that he was better than this.
money always trumps reputation. he is a board member of clinton foundation
is it really just me? plz check thx
i'll get you a good deal at if you want., but using probably cheaper.
that moth knows how to blend in with its environment. it looks like a leaf!
and the pink matches the stucco it's perched on.
webtorrent desktop learned from slack's excellent app. we auto-upgrade 32-bit apps to 64-bit if the os supports it.
- thanks for the help!
4 years ago i had red hair. i kinda miss it ngl
this is how i met you just remember that
thanks again, jack! nowhere near the power of the blues, but hell, we were just 4 kids from working class families havin' fun!
and thank you for subscribing!!!
i did that a few times
took a handful of truffles at costco cause the lady said if i touch one couldn't put it back after i tried to trade light4dark
lol i never pick anyone, the robot does!
you lie!! lol! lie! we know mr random is ......
hearing justin working on another album
he's not people misunderstood
if they even have the decency to fake work out instead of just hanging in locker room or showers
alex u need to get ur people!!
we got fooled by team europe in the pre tournament games..
us the first two games of the regular season
is bae made me feel soo much better!!!
:) glad i could be there!
it's 99 degrees? screw it, i'm not coming back to sf tonight.
good call. i'm actually looking forward to traveling to alabama tonight, if that's any indication of my desperation.
the truth about
they want us to believe this pnuemonia ?????
yoenis cespedes' new walk-up song is the "circle of life from the lion king!
check out my last tweet re: this
she got slayed
she got slayed while i got saved
tyvm 4the (our new )+ 4the
tyvm; 4the + 4the &amp;
i'm copying taylor . so i'm gonna sticky note everything someone comments to my door :)
according to all known laws of aviation there's no way a bee should be able to fly. it's wings are to small to ge-
attn: mission neighbors cc:
greek casual right
we got fooled by team europe in the pre tournament games..
i'm deff an anze
time for the "bee hive" book. and learning about these fancy mycro survhuses.
i never understood the dynamics/choices behind o'reilly book covers ... (the one a little clearer)
. to : your racial, anti- hypocrisy is stunning
hillary is an expert at turning any word spoken by trump into a racist comment ???
yeeeesssss. when cespedes' lion king at-bat music comes on, fans have begun to hold their hands in their air, presenting an invisible simba.
check out my last tweet about this
oh look here... we are including her sos tenure this time. pf are biased liars
oh so the ny times is no longer a liberal rag? pay for play huh?
1800 but u can find them cheaper now...
jesus. and this is canon or a nikon?
her doctors will have to do a lot of "doctoring" just so she can make it through the debates.
i don't see how she will survive 1 debate let alone 3 will be fun to watch them both on same stage together
it's all about the person u wanna get a puppy with
idkk idc who im with id still want a pup
he obviously meant "finish" in terms of theological arguments. don't make childish innuendos
bs. it was a threat. as for you, no one is backing off on islam because of you.
the thing is, we live in the same dorm and hang out often. i don't need anything more, i just find myself wanting more. (eek)
use the rishi charm?
took a handful of truffles at costco cause the lady said if i touch one couldn't put it back after i tried to trade light4dark
that trick always works. or touch the burger they cooked before they cut it.
ads help us keep our cost low but we'd still like to keep them relevant. update ad preferences here:
ah thanks! it's just funny how a die-hard apple fan like me kept getting android ads i'll adjust my settings!
love ? look no farther! we got you with the here at
these gals can melt lava. you ladies gotta swing by the states!
heeney, smith, hayden..urgh.
where the fuck is karl joseph?
photo finish with the kids playing race to the treasure! thanks for the game :)
tell the younglings i hope they had fun!
also i don't like this teacher at all she annoying as hell
she's a bitch hahaha
i'm bored just hearing about 's new show!
but it's joey!
u don't text me.........don't tweet me.........don't call me........dgi
but im the best thing thats ever happened to you
i honestly believe trump is not living in reality,has no idea how dangerious his words alone are, he must be stopped
he must be stopped!
is that code for you need a ride?
she can take the shoelace express
i'm not tech savvy, but i'm paranoid out the yang
the act of differentiating signals that weak is pretty friggin amazing. in the army i was an antenn specialist &amp; i am astonished.
is this how officers are trained to treat people trying to ask a question?
actually, i believe the guy had a great point; can you answer his question? then he'll comply.
thank you! :) if you're keen to do a review on amazon to help spread the word that'd be much appreciated! :p
good idea. definitely on it!
like this happening right now after a loss
no doubt each fanbase has unruly diehards. but the redskins following is one of the most passive, indifferent nfl followings
i wanna be like ash when i grow up, fuck a liany ya hurd
yeah that's because there can only be one of me. i feel your envy
the amount of people i wanna see when i come home just keeps getting smaller
o shit u cutting ppl off
what is that supposed to mean
you had red hair when you met me.... a red head....
my thought exactly. but that aside, need to close these out
and jozy should have been sent off for his challenge on sacha
omg if you actually move here i'll cry from happiness
in november
happy birthday honeymoon i will forever treasure what you've given me. @ upper west side, new...
it's one year tomorrow
big if true
he's doing what he wants. when he wants.
women use poison...mainly...he &amp; his bff like assassinating their opponents it would seem,
-have you ever seen the old bbc i, claudius series? livia's scene with her poisoner is priceless.
where to begin....
...and most current example would be his birtherism conspiracy. plus a whole lotta stuff in between.
where did you get that from? i've never seen it before
what trump's birther comments really meant
. on birther controversy: "i think the media got totally just bamboozled [by ]."
water over the dam.at this point reguardless
okay cecily,,, how dare you be so cute im
wait is cecily there
lmfaooooo someone please get ya mans
nigga has to work on his grammar
that trick always works. or touch the burger they cooked before they cut it.
she tried to tell me while i was walking away so i walked back and put my hand on the whole pile expecting a trigger
giuliana rancic just-survives jerry seinfeld i'view. 'who is your wife wearing?' 'dior. di, or somebody else'
skin of her teeth
haha no no really! i checked out your work after we spoke and also keep seeing your views etc. on twitter! remote learning!
;^} a real pleasure to hear that, thank you.
roger rubin () at citi field for espn today. i'm back monday.
any relation?
rare vintage video of and me
lol i still don't know who is who here
i enjoyed it. tons of flaws, but overall not bad. first half is way better.
finally we agree on something! by that i mean that it has tons of flaws hahaha
there is nothing better than the texts with and i critiquing dresses on red carpet. we just need
i would subscribe to this if possible. podcast??
yo i'm at the venue and i have food in my hot car one of y'all fuckers better come get it before it goes bad
say hi to my lil bbys in cover your tracks tonight!!!!
u guys are already in dubai wow are u having fun slim
not yet, i'm heading to the airport. it's going to be a lonnnnnng flight for me about 10 hours
finally got shade!
yes! was hot here too! phew! shade now!
i think it's so dumb that when filling out paperwork about yourself you have to say your skin color and ethnicity
i like to say i'm tan instead of white. even when i'm pale. just bc i think it's ridiculous and i'm mildly rebellious
women's groups around the country cheer as josh brown's fg attempt goes wide left
protest is back on with that game winning fg
things that annoy me at work
when there's a hella long line and people still don't know what they want...
it's one year tomorrow
i can't believe it. feels like yesterday, there isn't a single day i don't reflect on it
ay girl wat up
nothin really jus dying u kno
the case that it may be impossible to put syria back together as one country. this makes sense to me.
i do wish this discussed what the alternative might look like, though.
that sounds great! i need it to be on the web though. any chance that feature is there too?
your best bet is a browser plugin! were you able to find anything? happy to send some recs.
not gonna ngl this turns me on a bit
"not gonna ngl"... nice.
forever one of the most iconic performances of all time
i cringe so hard
my rooting priorities: 1. jew. 2. friend i don't hate. 3. old. 4. ugly. 5. unlikely to cry. 6. child. 7. played a jew. 8. merit.
richard schiff carries 7 out of 8. (of course i'm assuming on ). you must root for him like crazy.
we got a lot of mileage out of spying on vsat links for internet caf traffic in the middle east and north africa. also, undersea cables.
"rover" from the prisoner is back with some friends. (menwith hill, england)
oh my god is your avatar real
it's as real as all 9 of his twitter followers!
you lost me at "311 is one of my favorite bands"
the old folks actually started as a 311 cover band
congratulations kate!! woo hoo
tonight is the awards! who's watching?
9am - here a couple of hrs now
i feel for you 7pm here
aww...jealous now. i ran around planet on own dime, went broke, became squatter in london.
'course the funny end to that is, dropped the art career, went into ethics, now millionaire &amp; back 2 my art
nah id still be getting checks if i was
yo, you should play him in the reboot. fa reals.
she should join us
hillary zombie
they poisoned flint mi r we going 2 continue 2 let corp. greed run wild &amp; kill more people?
yes, we will not only allow it, but will fund it and kick azz of those who fight back
do you think the doctors can fix the ugly too?
im sure that they cant fix something thats not there
omggg hes so tiny and cute this is the best.
i know right! i couldn't really find anymore tho
ok like who's watching &amp; ready for tonight's new episode?
i only get new episodes on sunday, but y'all must've have seen it already.
which should i read next? i'm letting you choose for me!
read as i descended! ... i just finished it and i want to discuss it with someone so badly.
no i have friends that care about me and i actually have a life unlike you
that's good, because teens can be awful to overweight peers.
remember when you were a kid and could just waste a whole day doing nothing and it was fine? now i wake up after 8am and feel guilty
it's ok to have down days
dc4 is the man
bullshit call
i'm glad people are condemning terrorist attacks so we know they aren't in favor of them
this is the same reason i don't trust anyone who hasn't condemned suits.
yeah, but then everyone expects an hour-long encore after singing it.
the encore is the sporting event! see?! we fixed it. in two hours. over twitter. maybe trump is rig... no he's not. never was.
your favorite dj is still tryna find where the get down part of the song is
i'm kidding, he probably just use his phone to mix he don't even got a laptop rn
former refugees campaigning for girls' education (l) zaynab abdi &amp; (r) mouzoon almellehans
when you photo bomb a photo with :p and then see it on twitter lol
g! wake up! jesus. she looks like she's trying to save the world. well-i guess red carpet life...
so a million red carpets ago. not to mention that too long in the tooth for a naughty school girl hair look.
oh alright :(
yeah it was an app not album i'm sorry
on yo rap sheet a whole lotta bros
there's a clinic on western bitch you oughta go!
deadass like how am i involved with it if i don't even associate with you?
great minds think alike ugh
. on birther controversy: "i think the media got totally just bamboozled [by ]."
what about from obomas own mouth above all else he will stand with islam.most beatiful.bla bla
the unga is underway in nyc w/lots of dss and protected persons and motorcades in nyc.
something tells me this idiot has no clue what unga is. but may choose to be opportunistic
i fuck with disneyland but my god, the people are the worst. hell is being stuck with them in one long line for an eternity.
have you read about the different "disneyland gangs"?
russell wilson now 4 w - 5 l vs the lol
has a super bowl ring
by that method rather than articulate argument how do you know if best man won?aside from the murder of course
-putin is not looking for the best man to win. he wants to win!
wow!! did this go to wabc?
not, for you
i don't know why ugly people even bother looking at me. like, you don't have a chance
do you own a mirror?
might want to check into what ableism means. good that you don't deny he's a racist, mysogynist, asshole tho.
maybe so..but not a like you and corrupt crooked clinton
someone on the sea plane just asked me if i was britney spears
you better than britney
president obama: low black voter turnout would be 'insult to my legacy'
pleading? guilt trip?
mr shouldn't be too far from you
he's no help. he only knows his area.
and again you find yourself in your own reality
i wish! in my own reality, you do not exist!
omg!! it doesn't get any worse than this- this is ma and pa parker!
do we have a source?
ready to check out some red carpet fashion now!!
enjoy the tonight, may want to check the app too on your mobile device for their red carpet show!
tooooooo many stories like this--tragic
i spoke to him for 1 min. after the bombs went off! but he was in the apt
one is professional, the other slightly awkward. but together they create a story &amp; beautiful conversation.
gonna go with thank you, 'twas a blast
happy 1 year anniversary baby i love you
the love they got is one i hope i have one day! give my sissys a rt
are all trains on time today?
woops, tardy to this message but balboa park station still closed and track maintenance may result in delays ~60min
well shit! that's the final straw! i was going to vote for harry. now my vote is going to hillary.
that's because you are a bigger moron than she is.
finally saw bruce conner show at . incredible. all-to-rare example of how to do a film/media show right.
i would like to own the colour-by-numbers last supper very much please.
had a great time and really enjoyed myself, dude! really well done!
likewise! good to have you back in town for it. we had a lot of fun!
sure. hillary clinton "wasnt the one" that started the movement either
this indicates your total lack of seriousness.
lies + damned lies. millennials are 40% for clinton + 40% for unelectable 3rd-candidates
stein isn't even on the ballot many states. this poll isn't asking actual voting intent.
when it comes to pump fumping, there is nobody i trust more than this texas fan.
because throwing water bottles on the field is classy ?!
keeping the streak alive costing us?
it's time to start asking. lots of these equalizers seem to be slower shots where he's slow to move laterally
i was like ohhh fuuuu excuse me
damn really he told you that
you're stupid for supporting a traitor and an asshole.
you're the one supporting a traitor to america
i know about the app which i'm excited for
same here i'm really hoping justin post more selfies on there
hack to "solve" the problem with conf app schedule not working. use the web portal and download schedule as .ics and import to cal
and now the schedule actually in the app work... nice!
when there's a hella long line and people still don't know what they want...
when people wait till after i say the total to pull out their wallet out.... like obviously you're gonna pay
yes!! he won-told me about his exams on dm-thrilled he won!!!! xoxo
i bet that went into his starbucks account
catch our svp of member experience, speak at typeone nation summit in palo alto from 1:15-2pm today.
great to meet you!
in france it was the case at least
that makes no sense
manual kerning: when that hed just had to fit.
skin-tight jordache jeans, comb in back pocket
"rover" from the prisoner is back with some friends. (menwith hill, england)
the geodesic domes are so observers won't know which way the satellite dishes inside are pointing.
i'm creating a think tank for independent thinkers to discuss health, would you join &amp; post at ?
thank you! sure :) will join
roommate is back from his camping weekend, which means i have to be quiet again when i cry/cum.
so many fun alternative ways to parse that sentence...
its terrible your winning rounds because im on facetime
bruh what where you doing
when and i get together and create the out come is epic. drake songs
imagine what would happen if we added a frypan to the mix
edwins favorite attraction at disney land is probably great moments with mr.lincon
that's michaels favorite
atlanta ball. raiders defense will need to do something.
probably give up another touchdown
your followers rt this lie by omission of 2009-2013. &gt;&gt;
grow up! so silly! i'm done here ---- been fun.
reach certified!
its about time! lol
activities: clean and season new wok, sharpen knives, make some recipes. this is a good day.
fushsia dunlop is on twitter! it is a good day
is it weird that i'm already planning what i'm packing in my luggage 4 &amp; its 2 weeks away?
leave some space in there for bringing stuff home;-)
the reason i wake up happy every morning
hey i took this
the fascists of the 20s-40s in western europe were way more popular in the us than the modern narrative suggests
anyone suggesting the stakes now vs 1939 are similar is wrong (period) - but the dynamics at work have some significant overlap.
he obviously meant "finish" in theological arguments. don't incite violence. grow up
nope, he never denied it was a threat. he is inciting violence.
lol yeah m8
but nobody does it better than recent eastern european immigrants meets cockney meets patois.
i know. and max speaks?!?!?!
i know that's what made my 9 yr come and look &amp; scream to the mom &amp; dad "where did you come from?! the spirit world?
me too. we need selfies so bad and his smile
i know we haven't had a selfie in ages
referee walt coleman was all over that hit to the head of colts qb andrew luck. for the second week in a row,...
hope he's ready to write that check!
money, obviously. but there's also devprogress. rumor has it you can code?
you can code! i do that and it's a ton of fun. my wife used hustle ( for the brady campaign
no 1 ever asks obama why he claimed he was born in kenya from1991-2007
what trump's birther comments really meant
ultra runner karl meltzer sets appalachian trail record, fueled by beer and candy, via
and a little help from last year's record setter
it's to allow things like x._myapp_tomyobject on classes you don't own, to make up for lack of overloading in js.
overloading would happen in a subclass. not a fan of modifying objects i don't own. too much potential for fail
. is so beautiful.
such a good documentary.
he obviously meant "finish" in theological arguments. don't incite violence. grow up
islam incites violence. making you a typical muslim fraud.
when people wait till after i say the total to pull out their wallet out.... like obviously you're gonna pay
when people just point at what they want............
back to .500 for jeff fisher!
the road to 8-8 is back on track
still hard to believe how bad sully was
no one talks about the geese orphans that sully's rampage left behind
new york city beefs up police presence due to bombing, un general assembly meeting.
only this dumb pc mayor won't call a wired pressure cooker as a bomb!!unless islamic terror is called out for what it is terrorists win
spent hours thrashing dad at mariokart so here's a picture where he looks more magnificent than he did 10 mins ago
that's beautiful
happy birthday aaronito!!!
thanks dathanito!!!
i'm not looking to debate i just would like to know what he said was racist. i've looked and have never found anything
1/ gotcha, fair enough. it's not just single phrases that i will point to, but more broadly, it's his entire approach to...
i was preaiming gas and got bad timing
oh ggs tho i choked so many rounds
write it up!!!!
working on it!
thank you whats it about is it like the rolling stones magazine
well they still talk about girls and stuff but it's in a more respectful way. also mystal &amp; nialum are kinda confirmed
let's get to the cup first
and we won't be able to get there if we keep give up road points like this in the playoffs.
i'm too thick i gotta lose some weight
wtf you are literally so tiny...
who are those people? i know nobody on this red carpet.
no idea who she is, but sarah paulson in miuccia is flawless.
we all know that. hes been payed off by trump thats y hes acting like this
lol! good one! lol! who do you like, killary?
hillary's call for an "intelligence surge" is a backhanded acknowledgment of the success of the real surge.
you have always been strong for us but retweeting kristol will win you a demerit gray
my 6s's battery is so fucked that i'm getting visibly angry just thinking about this. really don't want to upgrade though.
my 6s+ better has been abysmal since the ios 10 update. the betas had better battery life.
(if you can read that, i'll admit you're good at arabic)
i can read arabic but sometimes i don't know what it means. but you called me a majnoon
happy birthday to the finesse god and my boy.
ayyyy the finesse godthank you bro!
let's take look at the battery backup unit to see if it's still getting power. ^dfm
can we address this full outage instead?
if you are use your big back!! idiots i swear
they haven't stopped murray
theres a lot of other possibilities. of course you aren't going to see the nuanced breakdown on tv...
of course. i don't have any evidence. just a gut feeling. will wait to see what investigators say.
if something drastic doesn't happen soon...coaching will cost us the playoffs this season. simple and plain.
we got the players for the playoffs....but...you're right.
that moment you get your casper mattress. yeeeeeeeeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ...
that moment that anthony ramos likes your tweet........... didn't happen yet
losing 28-21 with 9:30 left in 4q. defense is ass; o moving the ball quite well. st has been meh
we have to win this game ! wtf is the defense doing ? sleeping?
newsweek writer suggests donald trump was institutionalized for nervous breakdown in 1990 via
he better shit or get off the pot.
and you hold back, sit on the fence, etc, etc? b^&gt;
in this case i told him it was a fine traffic jam &amp; in fact looked like a smash up. calling it just a "backup" is an insult.
not a coaching clinic here today
i like the 4th down call.
all country has its own rules because i know some people got pit tickets without buying a package in other european countries
that is true but i just don't think it's fair
you have always been strong for us but retweeting kristol will win you a demerit gray
just look at him
and i personally know him.
who cares? you are two liars for allah. your word is meaningless.
for anyone who wants them here are my slides on evcache: and the recording:
very cool! congrats, great numbers
hunger+laziness is the worst combo
hahah college
five years of and i'm only 10% into my roadmap.
hey there, we're working on a very fun story and think you'd be great source. can i email you and connect you with writer?
seahawks drive chart on the season: punt fg punt int punt punt fg punt downs fumble punt td punt fg punt punt fumble punt punt
updated seahawks drive chart: fumble
good! they needed it!
yes some locals said first real rain in weeks,
yea. this one was his latest
i know and after that he never posted anymore
james just said, "do you think production knew evel dick and daniele were father/daughter"..............
this better be a prank
right now it's hard to wrap one's head around the weather. today was warm but it's getting colder. i'd say tokyo-like
thanks man! so i should bring my bikini, got it!
give it a read.
i did. now read this and get back to me.
come to the melb show
biiiiiiitch
first up, the stunning wearing custom siriano tonight to the styled by tanya gill.
impecable! you truly understand the body of a woman. she looks stunning!
latest: investigators exploring possibility nj, ny blasts linked to same bomber or bombers due to apparently similar kinds of cell phones.
so trump was right. he called this as islamic terror first. hillary and the liberal pc lefty ny mayor still pandering to muslim votes
ladies if a man dont make your orgasm but treat you the way u feel you deserve to be treated, yall leaving him?
if your girl doesn't make you nut you leaving her ?
my header
oh dear god why
usual of you, taking things out of context
i have not taken anything out of context. islam is do as allah wants or else. very simple.
: emilia clarke says "it will be really, really hard to say goodbye" to
ffs she needs to sack that makeup artist sharpish.
wapo edit board first endorsed charges for in july 2013-while stories sourced to him were appearing on a1.
can't knock em for consistency
i mean, you saw him before the ankle sprain against the dolphins, right?
sex has ruined him
1/ gotcha, fair enough. it's not just single phrases that i will point to, but more broadly, it's his entire approach to...
2/ ...how he deals with race. he treats races like they're all the stereotypes: i.e. blacks are all in poverty, violence...
never walk into the turkey's den. andrey is a master at justified passive aggression
damn, i should have said hobble into the 's den
. at the in 1996 and 2016!
my god, these people never age! what is it about actors?
uh, thanks for your "warmest regards."
literally nobody asked if i was okay. did anyone ask you?
last thing i remember was word int in suberbowl history the 1 suberbowl is just as glorious and in fact historic.
when the jets make the super bowl in the modern era, let me know. i think they still used covered wagins back then.
watch them somehow start rallying at the end of the season
i was thinking that cause that usually always happens with them
so true! thanks so much for the rt x
my pleasure! great to connect aloha and mahalo!
i love jesus you should introduce yourself sometime
i'm jewish and i'm proud of my judaism.
true 7 mins a long time
look both you dirty bitches don't @ me till the raiders window
not when it comes to you. :) i was hoping to make a pilgrimage to brooklyn and visit etsy on friday, perhaps. see bottom of note
note etsy at bottom, how's friday daytime for spare desk and crashage?
no idea who she is, but sarah paulson in miuccia is flawless.
what a great jason wu for . bravo.
up to date wildcard standings...
this s working out just the way we drew praise it up in april. not! but i'll take it
fumble stops seattle. nice return-to-la win for rams. jeff fisher wins job security doesn't deserve w/ another annual upset of sea or ariz.
but what is wrong in sea? 2nd week with poor showing. what's the excuse this year? no beastmode? winston ' s ankle? 1 fg!!
my foot must of shrunk because all of sudden i'm a 5.5 in womens
depends on the shoes
only the brain dead zombies that support hillary buy her bs anymore. the rest of us are on to her have been for yrs
you mean the one you started?
so 's was actually 's fault? that's the defense you're gonna use?
what trump's birther comments really meant
eesh. not my style. :)
if says it's worth drinking, i'd try it!
new: releases statement condemning " apparent terrorist attacks" in mn, nj and ny:
she tweeted good 24plus hours after three terror strikes in one day! she will be a disaster &amp; can never take that3am call
have an awsome show tonight!
thanks sis!!!!
"they do work they hate because they need the money!" have you seen terrible retail jobs? office jobs? labor jobs? gotta pay the bills
it is, for most people, a shitty job. but nothing about locking people up for doing it makes it less shitty.
because you took my header that i was going to use
so use the other ones you have of alex
the best-dressed stars from the 2016
totally agree
niggas think they find a pretty girl and she's a gem. no nigga we're difficult as fuck lol
no matter how pretty she is there's a man somewhere that's tired of her shit
yes i snatched that bag and was like go eat yo sopita
haha he should no not to boss you around whenever i don't let him have something he like "mom always say i can"
when people just point at what they want............
when people grab the spoons from over the counter... and then ask "oh can i take a spoon?"
ariel winter wore a crystal-embellished illusion gown to the .
i don't get this on her.
back when i wanted to be a writer. i had a good idea, but no way to actually deliver.
get anything on paper, then hand it to your proofreader/ghostwriter.
no way! off one receiver and right to justin hardy. td! we see you, !
cool play but not happy about it
nvmd fuck yeah rams!
lol a roller coaster huh
cavalry too much for gen. a. luck
dearest mary, i remain steadfast in my convictions. the war is terrible, though just. yours, gen a luck
got myself a series 1 watch last night. went 42mm black aluminum instead of 38mm ss. cannot wait to rock this look
was hesitant about getting a black apple watch since i hate the black on black sport band look: no contrast. solved...
keep the faith, tweeter wifey. siemian gonna go off here!
lmfao!! i always have faith in my broncos!
i've only really ever known it as murderrock: dancing death.
the cover is only a little misleading
fool went all the way out of bounds lolol
he pushed him out of bounds...
minn. attacker was dahir adan, acc ro his dad, who said thru translator he born in africa, lived in u.s. for 15yrs
when u think of it laura, the terror mangmnt biz is the only new biz he created.he's right "u dint bild ithedid
i miss the comfort of high school
the kriger says life after high school is so much more adventurous and fun- unless want the slow safe oakley - "freedom"life!
well now he'll have too! failed post race inspection!
i read they were on the lower end of severity. so his win still can be used to advance.
hey meagan! we don't have official details to share, so make sure to add: to watchlist for updates.
oh it's on tonight i though you will
second, the most striking bit was the high number of casualties, with minimal severity. have to try to not kill people
the limited injuries and the extensive property damage made me think the motive was different than usual w these stories
is that the best defense you can do lol.
sounds like you spend a lot of time in public bathrooms and i must admit you have me beat when it comes to toilet humor
last thing i remember was word int in suberbowl history the 1 suberbowl is just as glorious and in fact historic.
when you can identify any current jets that won a super bowl with them, let me know. until then, 1969
oh you saw the movie 13hours and think you know something. lol. get real. get facts. get smart.
what a way to insult someone. you assume she is getting her facts from the movie.
...you may need to prepend sudo
ah, but of course ;^}
just askin bern what he thought after all the work he put in to the dem platform. u want to ignor ok
the platform she has repeatedly trashed &amp; abandoned? that ?
ok i can respect that
3/ i.e. mexicans/immigrants are rapists/criminals, when in truth illegals do less crime than natural americans by the numbers
i need to transfer my bakery story account to my new phone but i forgot my password/don't know if i made a password for my account.
please send an email to support.com so that our team can help you.
cut carbs and all sugar, eat mainly greens, lots of lentil soup and drink lots of water
or don't lose 30 lbs in 10 days, you aren't 30lbs overweight at all!
i know! he would've picked up 2 yards easily
we could've punted and pinned then deep but we ain't stopping shit
it's official: jack del rio is my favorite nfl coach.
i thought bb was
like for a confession/fact about me.
11. anytime someone i am talking to is sad i always see it as my fault.
democrats have short term and long term memory losses
maybe michelle obama has pneumonia too... caught memory loss from hillary...
live from the dead mall!
it's like a real life nightmare
search for answers: now working with in shooting death of .
why does the headline say suspect's he wasn't a suspect just a stranded motorist. wtf
kasich: trump owes obama an apology
... go john
2 heavyweights squaring off right now
sterling shepard baby
russell wilson is coming up clutch again, in la. trying to save seahawks from another humiliating loss to rams.
hah! ain't happening. only worked last week against dolphins, and won't happen again. what happened other 55 minutes?
if you like peanut butter i highly recommend the ben and jerry's peanut butter core.
all the cores are crazy good
i'm so over coverage. same questions, along with different versions of the same gowns, make me
what's on? i don't even know what awards shows are on anymore. there is no uniqueness or spontaneity in those shows.
tfw yr ice cream truck has a flat
metaphor for america
they don't have a touchdown yet, but they do have a win.
messed up my office pool
are all trains on time today?
pt 2 shuttles btw glen park and daly city
hagsffdha why does that water bottle say 'holy water'
it's my grmas lmaooo
, 's empire in new york has been built thanks to public money.
find me another potus candidate with this record of law breaking and fraud
that's a great analogy.
tnx, used to use in class ;^}
shit was crazy. fantasy was crazy. hopefully snf and mnf are crazy too!
hell yeah. like that td that the falcons scored off that deflection
does anybody know what the reflection part of the lab write up is??
i have a feeling that it'll ask for reflection in the conclusion questions when he wants one.
amazing!he knows the truth but he is such a sleaze bag.wasn't he just offer $10mm to do a foreign policy interview?
he owes 's favorite charity 6 million. not holding my breath.
he has amazing balance and unreal iq
exactly - he's an all time niner probably not a hof but damn close - sad he deserved that sb moment too
highlight of the week! featuring
thank you, ! the team put on a fantastic . honored!
i know right... it's not like everyone could've afford this
yeah you deserve to see him closer
bryan cranston is pitching himself to play donald trump, who he describes as a great role... which is actually a decent idea.
i'd hate that. cranston would give trump depth. i suspect trump is hollow.
should have punted for sure
regardless raiders d cant stop anything.
better figure it out before the syntax changes *ducks* (i swift, just poking fun)
what changes are you talking about swift 4? 5? :)
like for a confession/fact about me.
12. if youre my friend and you are clearly upset and wont tell me why it makes me feel so demotivated that im not a good enough friend.
khalil mack been overrated this year
the whole defense been overrated this year
don't mind a tweet like that at all but if that united changing room isn't wound up now it never will be!!
no comment made about united team. only a comment made about us beating your rivals
lets hang like old times before you turned 21 ...
lets do it!!!! i'm fucking down. you just never invite )-:
that is one example. i can give you way more. but i want you to actually read it first then come back to me :)
you think the smiley faces are going to win us over. not happening. islam is pure trash.
week 2 jac +3 - big bet ind/den ov 46 - big bet atl/oak over 48 kc/hou under 43 pit/cle over 48.5 cle +7 wsh -3 az -7 fade or follow :)
atl/oak over 49 much needed with how today's going.
my guyanese neighbors have been blasting music since 9am god help my soul
they've been doing this since i met you back like 6 years ago lmaoooo
could someone explain to me what java+docker mean? installing java on my baseimage was the first thing i did 2 (3?) years ago
the audience was silent when in was announced, so i guess we all were confused...
btw i did a hard reset (home + lock) on my phone and now touch unlocking is fine.
i'm listening to a podcast where people are offhandedly mentioning how boring the pirates of the caribbean ride is
"on my second bite - sesame, cream cheese - i had the sensation of a spectral presence hovering near me. a faint smell of onion wafted by."
and as my tastebuds were being totally blown out with savory flavors i was like holy shit: this is the like the national debt!
first of all i already am not fond of doing people favors at all...... so when i decide to be nice &amp; do it, i do it on my own time.
i'm not jumping when you say jump.... cuz for all of that, you can do it yourself.
first home win for the los angeles rams in 7,987 days.
how long will it take to score their 1st td?
seahawks lost to the rams?? lol.
can't remember the last time the hawks beat the rams
send drumpf &amp; his other lepers back to their island &amp; take away all access off the island so.they can continue to inbreed!
so i'm not the only who thinks his supporters are mostly half inbred. just the half now i'm awaiting trolls.
fr people were hating on the whole team lol
but majority on howie
on jnpo 50, talks twitter beefs, his origin story &amp; more:
. and had an interesting chat on about boxing, mma, cm punk and more, including name dropping .
haven't gotten a hang over this bad in a while
you need another shot
new york city beefs up police presence due to bombing, un general assembly meeting.
this mayor won't call this islamic terror cos he's looking for "motive". motive is hatred of usa. duh !!
its a reminder of how athleticism tests are overrated. hb is a perfect example test off charts but not functional in a game
totally agree the older i get the more i'm less ensnared with raw talent / more impressed with "feel" &amp; smarts
atlanta will take possession following a turnover on downs.
i saw this del rio defense with the jaguars. no change still awful
you broke, yo pwussy stank, you borrow clothes, lost the little ass that you had playin wit ya nose
i dedicate this to my last hoe, swear i got cash and started acting like an asshole.
. and had an interesting chat on about boxing, mma, cm punk and more, including name dropping .
thanks, boys.
but imagine havin a super cute hubby who will play w the pup while ur in bed
refuse to talk to or marry anyone who doesn't appreciate pups as much as i do so obvi
da hell was that call?
a horribad call was what that was.
i laugh every time you make fun of the game that change the sport to what we know it to be today. lol
i laugh every time u have to reach back 47 years to discuss when your team was good. try making the playoffs
you thought this election cycle couldn't get weirder? is asking kek for redemption.
cher is an effin' delusional nut ! i can only think drugs half-a century or so ago fried her brain...
people keep on asking me if i'm a male model and it's getting really annoying please stop
those people are blind
i don't have a problem with tc's quick hook. i do have a problem using one of his worst rps in potentially the game's highest-leverage spot.
everything is working for him right now
new york city beefs up police presence due to bombing, un general assembly meeting.
only this dumb pc mayor will not call a wired pressure cooker as a bomb!! he and his heavily medicated boss ma clinton needs to go
man, they don't listen to me!
they seem reasonable to me
don't bother they don't want to hear this. hillary started it look back in 08 trump ended in 2016
that is false but don't take my word for it:
yup i noticed that in preseason
i'm beginning to get a bad feeling about him..i hope he'll prove me wrong
i heard the rams pay their female employees 76% of what the male employees make
check this out..... ros angels lams
because only healers can mass rez now or maybe they were guileless.
isn't kirin tor technically a guild?
banislam peadophile cult ideology ban sharia also! sick of it
the lying imam is spreading poison in ireland. traitor.
the end of october to december are definitely the best months i always feel so fulfilled and motivated and happy .. can we skip september?
october is the best !
he does not have to respect kukri's fireball. minute into arrow spike leads into 250 minimum.
kukri has way better options at neutral or after a hkd. he does less damage, but doesn't end his pressure after fireball.
this is so disrespectful omg
it's very true though
that wouldn't have been wise either our defense is playing like
that's why i said we weren't gonna stop anything
we like your style! what kind of cupcake is that?
peanut butter fudge, and vanilla cream.
. "regulations are too high" ? "they cant get money back that is their money" jibberish. not a plan.
. . well, donald, mark is jewish &amp; yr alt right supporters &amp; you know jews arent smart-not like you &amp; grand dragon
lol the offense is better than the offense.... ohh, that hurts... hahah
u haven't made the playoffs in six years and the super bowl in 47.
is returning to his natural habitat at the supreme store in la
pls leave him there and come back without him
an awesome view from top of the freedom tower. it was a wow moment!
wow! that is so right!
scanner: downed wires sparked wildfire near ymca camp campbell, 16275 sr 9, boulder creek. 100 x 100 ft. nearing a structure.
boulder creek fire out. no damage to structures.
already watching the red carpet
i have been in and out of the yard- catching the end of summer!!!
antonio brown did my fantasy dirty this week
bruhhhhh he fucked me up
these seem in line.
only if you are blind
rt i just received my third company order. i even received free vitamins with my order.
the multi purpose cleaner is great. i also like the bathroom cleaner because it doesn't destroy grout of our epoxy coat
that is sad news. how did you hear of it?
his daughter kerry posted to her and his facebook pages.
sorry to break it to ya but i'm neither! philly fan all the way!
eagles, 76ers, phillies, and flyers? can't go wrong with that haha. good luck tomorrow night against the bears. it should be
paul to nicole- that (america's favorite) comes to someone who doesnt expect it and who actually deserves it for being who they were
he's describing victor.
rams don't count sorry
didnt the rams just beat the seahawks
the best pants are no pants
amen..especially when they fitting u like that..
like for a confession/fact about me.
13. i enjoy beauty and serenity. a beautiful landscape with calming music is where i want to be and with a girl would be a perfect date.
look 2 is bad for you.. vote 4
is this true? i have not found this story anywhere
i'm so over coverage. same questions, along with different versions of the same gowns, make me
decades ago it was way more fun.... with streakers and protesters.... and no tape delay
my makeup when i go to the grocery store vs my makeup when i go to a concert
incredible!
cuck talks about destroying people and cries when it comes back at him. fuck you pussy.
1) you ppl are amazing. the "white west" faces demographic &amp; economic competition from rising east &amp; africa.
dadumbway! great win today big blue
good game today homie
sorry to break it to ya but i'm neither! philly fan all the way!
a good game. looking forward to seeing how your new qb does on primetime.
both. but mostly lager!
weirdos on the east coast bring back yuengling
, or should i say marathon wake up... boy we've got a lot of work to do.
well done. plenty of time to continue to push so you reach your goal. keep it up!
celebrity crish alert i think we would have beautiful children
liked my tweet and i spelled "crush" wrong that just made my day
me too! apparently it is warm in la the starlets are sweating
"i believe it's 97 degrees and she does not care" in reference to 's silver dress.
mr rogers shows you how crayons are made. i had a great time watching this with my toddlers. via
i didn't grow up here so i wasn't familiar with mr rogers. i feel like i missed out. what a wonderful show.
my mom is trying to ask me what the name of a rap song on the radio is. she says it goes "broom bah hah" lol?????
so i figured out what song it was with her awful description and its panda by desiigner and now she loves his album
do you or have you ever had a tire swing in your yard?
wish i did!!
up too you send if u want
wanna play 360 ladder or ps4 or something cause i dont really feel like remaking
you guys are nuts. you can offer condolences for things other than death. what a stretch!!
it's sometimes uttered ruefully, for an instance short of mourning, but far less often is it shaded toward survival.
congrats my guy
g looks guys
the giants blow
fuck ya team bro jets ain't 2-0 boy
they always beat the seahawks even that doesn't count
yah okay that means we will too... duh do the math
he does not have to respect kukri's fireball. minute into arrow spike leads into 250 minimum.
narrow spike is safe on block, but if they're doing it raw, neutral hop or tk overhead will tag them.
i hate that this exists lmao
nobody cares what you like, you're 13
a comedian? why, no, i'm a humorist. i make people go "oh, that's funny" w/o ever actually laughing. see the distinction? i'm quite clever.
the humorist, ladies and gentleman. he sees all. he knows all.
enjoy the freedom of being away from twitter, while still sharing compelling content with your audience. try
folloowwbbaack
effects of raising to $15 on owners
but if he paid them nothing and forced them to work he could save so much!
today i'm going to have my cake and eat it too
you might as well bake it too... i hear that the betty crocker mixes are pretty easy.
cruz: "if something happens to hillary, i agree to run as a democrat against trump"
you need to campaign against trump. actively !! otherwise he will screw you again (and that twice then)
so any questions you want me to ask the players? (pg responses please) lol
did they realize this wasn't preseason anymore?
i miss my lil bro can't wait till he's back
miss you too bro
is here! who loves 'the unbreakable kimmy schmidt'?!
it's like here's johnny!
you are free to do so - i do not play censor
i just checked and you are running a remarkably positive balance at the bank of thompson, carry on
unfortunately for you, turnout matters. lead has to be reproduced on the ground. see romney
i am a hillary supporter. go hillary! i am glad terry mcauliffe allowed thousands of ex cons to vote!
"i strongly condemn the apparent terrorist attacks in minnesota, new jersey, and new york."
were the ny/nj attacks confirmed to be terror attacks?
yerrrr happy birthday my nigga john get lit
thank u!
shit dude, really? i think i've seen it twice this year
*whispers* i've never seen any of them.
not the same whore
post a pic of your nails on here &amp; let's have them decide if you copied or not
flash back: my first trump rally 1 year ago, i can see the love in everyone's eyes to
boy has don the con got you fooled i guess simply you will believe anything
when i come back to sj, you can replace sam in my life
hell yea we can go on cute dates
where's the fourth kid omg
will watching at home
joel sollender, wwii veteran and pow, on what it means when he hears trump insult our vets.
any solutions for those that work hard but because of hi taxes, hi insurance costs &amp; hi tuition because of paid speeches?
you guys coming to dcs today?
sorry!! we were at the frmrs mkt! keep u posted next time we head out
met him twice actually. first time i rushed out a pre-prepared sentence about how great he was &amp; how h &amp; g spoiled his legacy
they didnt' spoil his legacy for me. never been so sure of anything as fsg and rafa in 2010, we would have won 2 leagues
remember ur fiyah mixtape from last year
damn this brings back memories i should make anotha one
so any questions you want me to ask the players? (pg responses please) lol
sean smith: are you going to stop jumping routes?
almost got the guy to say that women should not have 2a rights due to their cycles.
what are 2a rights?
didn't they start 0-2.. they will bounce back i believe
they did. they'll be a wildcard team again this year
cuck talks about destroying people and cries when it comes back at him. fuck you pussy.
2) but you idiots want to maintain the status quo of white supremacy? unfucking real. and this is loving america?
tevin coleman scores on a 13-yard run. atlanta leads, 35-21, with 4:35 to go.
what happen to the defense, decide to stay home today. ugh.
tell your homies to stop i need to study:(:(:(
they wont stop till the rum run out im sorry :(
o hmy god im so stressed
this isnt from tonight but i just saw it now
amen! and blessed shall be your days because you trusteth in him
the lord is my rock+my fortress+my deliverer my god, my strength, in whom i will trust my shield+ the horn of my salvation..
just tried to left swipe my own face on snap chat like it was tinder. k.
how could you not super like you???? confused.
i ran a 10k in brooklyn today and half the runners didn't show up because of the bombings. i was slightly terrified
i literally just keep staring all over the place like so terrified
i just read about that earlier today. i hope you're okay too! &amp; nyc treating you well
i'm ok thank you! lmk next time ur hereee
so any questions you want me to ask the players? (pg responses please) lol
mack- where you at? haven't seen you since denver...
like for a confession/fact about me.
14. i feel i would be a very good boyfriend and be the most caring one you ever meet. id care how you feel and want to keep you happy 24/7
good idea: priebus says all who broke promise to support trump won't have it easy
will regret will have to live with not supporting the people that supported him will never support him later.
the knicks treated linsanity as someone who strikes oil and plugs hole. worst organization in sports.
huh? what was his contract the year after 15 million that the knicks turned down?? ur a joke with this
5 new defenderss and their fs is not good as a single high. said it all offseason
give woodsen a call
yeah is built like a safety i think that's where he needs to be, he isn't fast enough or physical enough to cover a wr!!
i totally agree
from the art dude himself!! what an honor!!
u have my blessings child
what's your favorite look on the red carpet so far??
so far my fav look is constance zimmer in monique lhuillier... fanfabular.
my 1st ...18 milesssssss 3x cat hill &amp; harlem hill. in 3:08 every mile i ...
nice! well done! you are ready!
updated street closures regarding chelsea explosion.
can you still walk these streets/go to buildings located here?
is that a touchdown?
y'all got that... hat down salute.... y'all tho
it's ok, i understand today was painful for you.
i understand your entire lifetime has been painful for you. never watched your team play in a super bowl. lmao
says the trump supporter
porn star wanna be?
he did say that but i will finish the quote.. some illegals are rapist /criminals. which is the truth..
the only "some" he used was "and some, i assume, are good people." - quote here:
fun story: my fellow co-founders of nonprofit were invited to attend cgi u this summer (unfortunately i couldn't afford to go)
my co-founder publicly pressed bill about exclusivity of events like cgi u with extremely limited funding opportunities.
go into san jose and enjoy some awesome persian food.
now that's right up my alley.
so then there's 2 people you trust. it's simple math
you forgot that i'm polish
so any questions you want me to ask the players? (pg responses please) lol
bill musgrave: 2nd down you call a run time majority of the time...why?
abraham lincoln on labor vs. capitalism. &gt;$ 12/h for real ?
if this was 1860, i wouldn't be on twitter but i would be a republican
you can take the boy out of france but not france out of the boy. drinking ros while coding. as one does.
wait what's that keyboard?
i didn't grow up here so i wasn't familiar with mr rogers. i feel like i missed out. what a wonderful show.
you might want to read this wonderful appreciation of mr rogers while you are at it.
focus on him: his taxes, health &amp; public service history, please!
but also for their decision making. clearly all the things you list do not
that's fair. i think that usually works better for romance.
at a minimum, i want the pov of the hero &amp; heroine.
and terrence, w/ a history of domestic abuse, grins while his wife unsmilingly says he brings his lucious home with him rather a lot. (2/3)
right? i caught that too. awkward.
you two are nauseating with this shit every week
thanks! we aim to please
hey , time to put down intermediate mats for the so ppl don't run 2 loops and claim they did the full distance?
ppl do that? oh no.
new york - why is there always people puking on the street at any given hour all over the east village? smh lol
i correct, *west village (although usually it is east) lol
nobody watches power
speak for yourself
good speech this am. she didn't fall down once. yet. today.
jackass. stop embarrassing yourself. you are defining your legacy right now.
focus on him: his taxes, health &amp; public service history, please!
matter to them and why they support him.
when is leaving for vegas i'm so proud but i do miss my naughty ricky
3 concerts in vegas oct 22. first two shows at noon at at then evening show at .
welp...technically niners are now tied for first in the nfc west..haha
woo!! i'll take it!
5 new defenderss and their fs is not good as a single high. said it all offseason
ok..then rod woodsen
so any questions you want me to ask the players? (pg responses please) lol
anyone on defense: how does it feel not letting a team punt more than 3 times this yr??
poll: should hillary be arrested for treason immediately?
i think she already was.
the bags under my eyes are actually so bad i'm considering going home
that's awful. im sorry about broken heart. i wish that it heals and heals you and makes you awesomer and stronger.
"i strongly condemn the apparent terrorist attacks in minnesota, new jersey, and new york."
what is she saying now. i'm confused.
a glorious year! the best sb win ever...
one you never watched live, ancient history.
the sky is actually black omg
it's pouring outside my house rn
it's every shoe lately
do you're previous shoes fit more roomy?
i was in an uber so i've missed most of it, but a w is a w
trust on this one fool, refs bailed them out hard
that's what jordan says whenever i say no to him but i already know how that one is
yup i trust ty ty more than him
the specification of the disease or the cure. dude this argument doesn't disprove islam. choose something else
he gets to speak about what he wants.
muslim clerics to rajnath singh: no need to meet separatists who raise 'pakistan zindabad' slogans
who the hell r these muslims cleric to say elected rep what to do &amp; what not to do. govt is wise enough to take decision
omg that's a good name for a kid who will turn out looking like this and romancing the world
santal broke my heart
they'll fall in line in october
no they won't. apparently you don't know these men. i've studied them. they stand by their convictions.
the whole store is a tribute to boys that you know are texting your friends. fuq boi hq... but i loved it!!!!
they played three songs in a row.
reporter arrested at trump event says he wasn't read his miranda rights
duh, miranda is not mandatory. it is only necessary prior to a custodial interrogation. lack of miranda does not negate an arrest
so any questions you want me to ask the players? (pg responses please) lol
jack del rio: when will penalties result in deducted pay checks?
do you even post lewds? i feel like i'm missing something .....
i know u don't follow me lolol
the specification of the disease or the cure. dude this argument doesn't disprove islam. choose something else
like you dictate what he says. lol get over yourself muslim.
my co-founder publicly pressed bill about exclusivity of events like cgi u with extremely limited funding opportunities.
bill literally gave a "pull yourself up by your bootstraps" response. smdh
"obama slips up..." obama's the best president of my lifetime, and i bet that's a lot longer than yours
slips up as in he told the truth, are you as dumb as you are racist?
i'm on a boat.
stop trying to earworm me! i'm trying to listen to the beatles!
you're missing quotes
what's up with this self-proclaimed tweeter-double?
thanks for the follow
you're welcome, thank you as well ;)
purely a medicinal one for the day ahead...
good luck to you and keri tonight!
yet no one seems to remember they had the easiest path to the playoffs
what makes it so easy? still have to go out and win those games, nothing was "given" to the mets
i'm too aggro for that
not everyone has my dishonored skills
great catch
love the offense fight
it's weird to me that we ship stuff on boats. it's this huge part of how the world works that i just never see and it doesn't seem real.
i love cargo ships and ports, they're so cool
hillary has lyme, lives in epidemic area. parkinsons symptoms, fainting, poor immunity, seizures, strokes, dementia, fatigue
so, where did you go to medical school? oh, &amp; when was it that you did that physical exam?
ps you're the cutest for that
love you, lady. can't wait for your lil wine night!
hillary clinton says "let's make it happen" when told "hillary for prison!"
looks like her earpiece fell out.
whut i'm sayin!!
actually the next thing he said about pisces is pretty accurate lol i used to be like that
and who dressed monique lhuillier??? so wrong.
whoever you are, you are doing it great tonight .
ban islam sick cult ideology!
yes, these maniacs try to defend pure savagery.
i know. ignorance is bliss for many. shameful really
the shameful thing is that you just go by what you hear on fox rather than check facts. read this:
omg! the hairdye is going to crack my hair off
oh my gosh! the sock was found! when i went to wash my hair?
phew, i was worried i was going to have to do something! so glad apathy is the answer!
yes, and here's a pill to lose weight so you don't have to exercise, and the pony &amp; cake are on their way!
latest: somali father identifies his son as the attacker who stabbed nine people at a minnesota mall.
open borders &amp; refugees. i guess the social engineering is not working so well, but the creeps will get away with it
priebus threatens the rnc may block bush, cruz and kasich from running again
is a moron with delusions of grandeur.
oooh loving priyanka chopra's look.
i missed it too, about to tune in. thirding on chopra. heart turner, too.
a neuroscientist explains what may be wrong with trump supporters' brains
- that's either a two word description or, more than i want to read to end up being told they are a "dumb people"
is that in pacific time or a different time zone? i just want to make sure.
that will be at 3:30 pm pst.
stories coming to life in soho
i'm in soho now too
here we go, fellas!!! shock the league and
well i'm shocked
amen! and blessed shall be your days because you trusteth in him
god bless you sister now and forevermore!
who tweeted it better?
hmmm... really hard to tell who tweeted better, but u r more handsome!
you are high
i am not. oatmeal raisin is not a top 3 worthy cookie in any situation
happy birthday boo we miss you!!!
miss you too! ily
dese clipz im stackin on mommas pretty fyeeee
boy what pants you rockin in your avi!!
the person who tweets to get susanne to the sock is the ! tweet to move her...
oh my gosh! the dog is missing
then finish that novel
i have so many short stories written! maybe they'll be published one day can we skype soon?! whatsapp me!
tough shit my man
good looking bro!
wtf so quickly
that's what i was saying
what about lindsey graham, ben sasse, susan collins
ben sass &amp; susan collins didn't sign anything.
yes so did i. so their car was only a little bit out of compliance. good information for the rest of the competition.
as long as he doesn't fail post-race inspection in the next two races, then he can be sure to be into the next round.
necronomicon chapter 27, "your inner saboteur."
okay let's post fan art at the same moment
and we thought we had a good team this season.
well it's early in the season.. so i won't write em off
marty!!!!
it's sad. i hope she's ok.
. heard firsthand accounts of clinton foundation misdeeds yesterday in .
has no heart for anyone. will take food out of a baby's mouth like in haiti
l see where your going.the nationals will have to fold and collapsed for the mets to win the nl east.
it could happen.......
top ten what?horror movies?all movies? of the year? of all time?
year. defiantly my one of my favorite found footage movies
sonned him right here
jesus this happens to everyone, relax
tried hershey's chocolate for the first time tonight. vomit aftertaste = confirmed
as an american, yes, it's awful as fuck
yeah but some of the flavors are not for me
the coffee one is my fav
may i remind you that is back home tonight!!
are you having a night tonight at flash factory? :)
i'm sure they miss freeman right now.
most definitely, that's secondary is banged up pretty bad
there's value but like with all things you gotta look at the total picture. same w stats etc.
agreed totally
tuesday. 6:30pm. nyc.
can't wait!
oh, but i did! i crapped all over myself as my diaper fell off in excitement! lol
when they win in the modern era, then u can talk.
outside of the woodhead injury, i am.
still have a chance.
i'm in soho now too
it's at the eden fine arts gallery on broome- forget the artists name but it was a really fun exhibit!
yup. going back to old work is never a good idea. we know this sis
why would you guys ever ruin the show? smh light skins
hahahaha. you're on a roll tonight!!
who got it! the wine?
damon bruce has been riding that raider d pretty hard
naw he's been realistic saying next year is more likely the big jump year
telling me not to do something is a very, very bad idea...
that just makes me wanna do it more . hiya
but i hear the trolls are in decline
this is a good board game joke
lazy, shiftless neets refuse to work for buttons in my incredibly cruel horse liniment mill
why, there are ditches to be dug! *pounds fist*
it's not like i *never* go out - but i saw a deodorant labeled "night" and my first though was "why would you put on deodorant before bed?"
actually that's the most effective time for antiperspirant to work
elizabeth warren: trump has a 'dark and ugly soul'
not to mention his hair
wow good thing i benched carr and played wilson this week!!!
why did i do this again.....
time for some more penny dreadful
is that a football team? because fuck yeah football
in other words, assumes everyone else is just as big of an idiot as he is.
pretty much. but that boy looks freakin' great in makeup &amp; has badass teleprompter skillz
is that you
i only wish i had thought of it. but seriously someone give her some emmys.
i like the rams +5.5 today, always play well vs seattle. oakland, who i think is pretty good -4 vs atlanta
should've money lined the rams. fucking raiders
brents dickies when i wore em for 3 days straight before he took em to wash em at his baes lmao
lmfao i thought you got right on mine i was bouta say!
the ahsoka tano pop! figure is scheduled to be released tomorrow, september 18, over at ! has anyone spotted it early?
you just saved the day!!!
lmao don't even text me
i'm on a bench looking like beetlejuice
these darn kids!! they're driving her crazy.
yea! let them kids make you crazy!
watching x-men apocalypse for the first time. pray for me.
ok the dialogue leaves a little to be desired
happy birthday to my fav roommate love and miss you enjoy 21 pres!
awe i miss you :( thank you!!! lets party together soon
jahleel addae on the ground being looked at by training staff.
please sign whitner
it ain't even nude
suck a white dick cause ik you don't like those
has anyone really been far as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
swear to god i tried reading this like 6 times
khris davis reaches 40 hrs on the season with 2 more today as the a's beat the rangers 5-2. oakland has now won 6 of last 7
will he be a yankee or ranger next season?
how is that still a thing? shouldn't the kids have newer idols by now?!
that's what i keep asking myself. i don't understand his longevity at all
don't get too hype. we're still down lol
i know but still
already there pal
why light! you guys can't drink hehe
ok the dialogue leaves a little to be desired
but the murders in this movie are fucking savage
you were missed this weekend in ukraine
its over already?
tried to eat a "light" dinner last night and just ended up stealing food from my friends plates and still woke up starving
should have had the apple crisp.
their is no joy in mudville the mighty sea chickens lost! somber joint all the sudden
i saw that!! lol!!
plating my for !!
your food always looks amazing!! do you have any plans to do events/rad things in nyc or anywhere on the east coast?
melanie mimosas are the bomb, don't you remember horn blowers??
okay. you guys lost me at the horn blowers
i mean probably
with a football?
mom is forcing me to cuddle, since she missed me so much while she was at
i get forced to cuddle when mom gets home from work.
i'm so mad i picked against the rams this week. that result was the lock of the year.
i've said this all along: jim fisher's rams are ultimate troll team. dr jekyll and mr hyde would be proud...
me, looking at the internet: all these young men stanning for 'humanism' but not a man jack of them appears to have read erasmus
folly has plenty of fans on here.
it was found!!! guessing i didn't find it tho
ok.! now its the game thingy!
i'm so sorry. what a sweet face.
thank you, kate. i devastated. she was my best buddy.
i didn't know amy goodman had been threatened. she's long been a hero. all shld rally round.
amy goodman was on this morning.
this right here
just sharing some knowledge on the tl
heeney has to go, he's equivalent to dog shit
y'all defensive coordinator might as well go play for a hs team
why would you guys ever ruin the show? smh light skins
light skin where sis? don't group me in with shanel
follow for info. you should attend|present next year. it is always a fun time and interesting presentations.
yeah... if i didn't speak at i would have been there! /
thats everyone's wish lol
and no one knows what it means lol
you're a bad catholic
how many calories are in semen
this is how i monitor my united flights. next i need to draw graphs.
(lots of libraries in other languages that do similar)
sob at least you try
i'll try again one day.
'sully' really drags in the third hour when he and alec baldwin's character take the fight to the geese.
the geese training montage was a little much
time for the where a bunch of uber-rich celebs living in bubbles parade themselves around while telling americans how to vote.
funny thing is we have all the power.we should be telling them how to vote.stop watching their shows/movies &amp; they're nothing!
my bff is just like this ride. she makes me nauseous but we have a good time (hoco 2k16)
y'all r so cute aww
with that said not reporting a serial child rapist to the police for 3-4 decades outweighs any of that. incredibly sad stuff.
he did report it to the police in 2001. penn state police lol
i doubt it says in any nfl or sports contract that u cant employ ya first amendment right
probably not but they love to sneak clauses in
put $5 on it
alright put 5
who are we liking so far, dress-wise?
emilia clarke, regina king and priyanka chopra
jozy altidore told me this win was all about character-super hungry to keep it going after clinching berth w/ a healthy giovinco.
except it wasn't a win, so \_()_/.
just wrong just fucking wrong! keep that thug shit on the streets not in a family environment stupid assholes
that woman is classy throwing the first punch
a ground stop is in place at due to volume / compacted demand
is currently experiencing departure delays between 31 mins and 45 mins due to vip movement
there are really only two type of people in life, those who give and those who take. which one are you.
i try to be a giver!
we can't get enough of her and
it's so exciting seeing all the gowns!
i'm so sorry for the loss of your fur baby
thank you for you kind words
w/ at haveing a coffee. best price signs ever!
the vegetable scone is overpowered at 10/10 for 3xg ;)
ready to judge these dresses?
thanks for the reminder! i don't have that channel but you tell me who looks good. you've got great taste!
whoever you are, you are doing it great tonight .
and who knew alexander wang was so good on ret carpets? pretty awesome dress for
today's tournaments. 2v2 snd 1nd 8pm est $5 payout, free entry 3v3 snd 1nd 9pm est signups: rt's appreciated
need 1 for the 2v2 at 8 don't have an ego and use skype
still cool though! squatting in london sounds appealing actually. there's nothing much of a music scene in the us anymore.
oh, totally man. absolutely no regrets. rather proud of it in fact. but, music scene in us def not the same.
went for a casual hike yesterday and caught jos being gorgeous.
that green
no, was not 'mellow' at all. that screenshot from ny1 shows folks in front of a biz 1/3mi frm blast site
i was a block from the blast, in the crowd at both 6th &amp; 23rd / 7th &amp; 23rd. calm but confused
next week, hillary will walk on stage for the first presidential debate. chip in now for the chance to be there:
pay to cheer? must everything be for sale?
he works for the 1% - don't be fooled by gary johnson
gary you just following a pure moron, who had invested most of his fortune in cheap labor overseas but made all in here.:
giuliana rancic has permanent t rex arms tonight
okay back off
"...i had the smurf collection." i did too!
- love this!!!!
it sounds like you gave her an amazing life. good job, dog momma
thank you, she really was the best friend you could imagine
when i was scratching my stomach and slapping my legs i realized there was a powerful physiological reaction. that all i want
damn that's deep
happy birthday brutha! hope last night was litty
thanks brotha you should of came, everyone was welcomed to come
so that means trump "preferred that people were killed"? bit of a stretch.
not wished for, but fatalities wld've served his purpose of galvanizing voters. saying "condolences" invokes death.
lol it just reminded me of a pic my dad had from back in the day. pretty ill pic!
no kids that you know about!!!
you only say you're black. i think you're a liar. and i noticed you haven't told us your age. is it higher or lower than 15?
of course you think i'm a liar, you're a fucking racist.
the language aimed at women from the left is horrific...just block his sorry ass! god bless u&amp;yours!!
so are you on your knees for putin too? getting crowded down there with you, amy, &amp; trump.
well you see maybe there not ready for you or they have to check your medical history or maybe they don't give a fuck about you
it's prob the last option
will be teaching wednesday 730pm!
i'll be there bro!!!!
theyyy ain'tt doo nothinn tooo me but theyy be pullingg up on bryce likeee okk ????
this really how their bum ass moms raised them i'm shook
i'm a philly sports fan by default since i grew up in south jersey! don't know much about sports... i just root for 'em! lol
hahaha it's all good as long as you show them some love at the end of the day :))) great job today by the way!
my third vist here and my last, its become all about maximum entry numbers. min in experience, merlin you have ruined it
repetitive pattern with this company, they are trying to build in my town, how was the traffic going in?
and who knew alexander wang was so good on ret carpets? pretty awesome dress for
and hey, red dresses on a red carpet are always the right choice/pick
that real profile pic
it is my photo sweetheart.
google search: why there so many fucking ads on my tumblr dash and how do i make them gtfo
also if you want to see something super sick and color coordinated and aesthetically pleasing hit up
what my moms sends me on snap. boy do i miss my little pup
she sent it to me too. i was hecka laughing
never tape delay for emmy's, golden globes, oscars. until this year, grammy's were, but not the other 3.
alrighty then
random guy yells 'hillary for prison' says 'lets make it happen' her face when she realises.
you mean this face?
i haven't met either of you but i'm pretty sure i'd watch a reality show of you two
television ambien, to be sure
i would stream, but people watching me while drawing is...
those are just the souls of the sinners you feed with your lewdness.
no rt : ggg would destroy canelo
seeing canelo last night he cant beat ggg
lmao! brunch cruise we went on, got swasty pants off mimosas.. waiter took the champagne away from me
lmfao. that's hilarious
that's what you were saying on the
again with the race card. we're all slaves!!! even jayz to vatican/bis/dtcc/city of london,inc since treaty paris
well since i missed san holo last night i think snails is the move
snails is always the move
they were paid by israel and the us gov to leave and resettle.
the last line tells me they had other reasons.
a coworker is passing out chips to everyone in my office. all i hear is a symphony of crunching and it's my own personal hell.
sorry a that sounds awful
what what what
replay from last year
on a separate note, are we suppose to get into this run? this can't possibly end well, can it?
loving it. depleted roster and still winning. be appreciative,
yea it got pretty good just in time for it to end lol it's been a long time coming wit this show. i just wish we didn't
yeah straight up but they did drag it out a lil too much
the term sports expert is hilarious considering we all have info everyone else does. but i know ball. can't help it.
you do. but you were dead wrong about kyrie
light skin where sis? don't group me in with shanel
y'all dead the same though
i think i'm already used to the new home button. i think i now might even.... like it better?
same. also interesting how they didn't give the noise option or force clicking that you get with a magic trackpad. yet.
just off the pitch from a game, you're convinced me stop on the way home at specs for 4.
proper temperature measurement.
be a best friend, tell the truth, and overuse i love you
go to work, do your best, don't out smart your common sense
not wished for, but fatalities wld've served his purpose of galvanizing voters. saying "condolences" invokes death.
moreover, trump often uses shaded meanings, and utters words that land different w/diff audiences. no accident that he used it.
btw how did the prophet know flies carried pathogenic diseases. this was discovered long after was it not ?
satan would know and islam is of the devil.
but you do have double-deckers and chunky kit-kats tho..?
no and kinda (yes, but it's called big kat not widely available like regular kit kat)
i can't believe i bought like 20 hot dogs and forgot fucking relish
damn bro you fucked up i feel your pain through the tweet
this game ain't on carr and the offense. not one bit.
can the musgrave haters move the blame to ken norton finally!!
cool. i'm hoping to see it at some point this week.
everyone is hating it. which i don't understand because it's what you expect from a blair witch movie
islamic state takes credit for minnesota mall attack
mall stabbing, another business "built by obama gov't"
the problem with all this effort is, i know tomorrow i will pay dearly for it.
bummer! take it easy.
these people think you can change truth by simply repeating lies.
for many, you can. they surround themselves with their own media.
check machine location info on zenius? maybe someone has posted about it
no comments since it opened! i think i'll check it out
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
"warmest wishes and best regards?" it's not a christmas card you stupid fuck.
must be like heaven for someone who lived in the u.k. ;)
hah! you know it brother!
i was suppose to go last night lol should've went if i knew u were going
lmao still we haven't went out but okaaaaay i'm a dub
you mean, democracy?
dude is tasked with dragging mrs nixon across the finish line.
if we criminalizing and stigmatized all shitty jobs the way we do sex work, very few people would have legal work.
it might be better if we tried criminalizing exploiting workers in general. (but criminalization is a crappy way to do policy.)
ran all my errands today without realizing everything i'm wearing up top is see-through, ama
that's pure confidence right there.
week 2 jac +3 - big bet ind/den ov 46 - big bet atl/oak over 48 kc/hou under 43 pit/cle over 48.5 cle +7 wsh -3 az -7 fade or follow :)
von miller fumble for the td in the last minute! den/ind over 46
i feel this whenever i come across art that's inspiring but not necessarily cuz postgrad/working now
i totally get the feeling tho bc i did take a year off to write plays professionally but reality kicked in :(
come on, you must have watched her in desperate housewives?
i just know the short one from that series. she is bff w/ vb and she was married with a famous basketballer. dont recall name tho :(
experts on old things- what could have caused this document from the 1700s to turn this lovely absinthe color?
i'd get in touch . he will know or direct you. my favorite desaturated green! beautiful, for sure.
yes i have ..blimey thats old tv though...
-yes! i told you it was old! that scene stayed with me though!
these would frame my prints nicely...
what size are your prints? we have all sizes and custom ones too !
is anything about this election not disgusting?
no. i feel really awful about this year. and, the fallout will go on forever. very depressing.
university of colorado :: boulder, co
i see you in the second picture!
please tell me you have nestle munchies..!!?
no. *searches google for it* want.
i just know the short one from that series. she is bff w/ vb and she was married with a famous basketballer. dont recall name tho :(
she is working with hillary too lately.
y'all dead the same though
don't jack that
the only "some" he used was "and some, i assume, are good people." - quote here:
just to add, he plays to people's fears that "others" are taking their jobs, causing harm to them, in exaggerated numbers../1
real friends send u funny memes when ur sad
that friend must be 10/10
and you'd just have to pay the way down &amp; up!!!!
if you guys wanna go we can all carpool together and i can pay gas money !!
itp:"burning" on 'songsmith'smusicmotel' on
tyvm; 4the &amp; + 4the
jeff fisher extension announcement in 3, 2, 1 ...
he has naked pictures of the entire kroenke family, right? otherwise fisher's continued employment makes no sense.
i've had yuengling and it is really not a good beer
i would guess for most people who like a specific macro lager, there's a story about a special period in their life
so humid! sweaty race day @ rocknroll philly! got a 1:56 for 13.1
i understand those medals were paid for with sweat, sweat, sweat, and some running. congratulations!
yeahhhhhhhhhhh broncos
@ more like andrew suck, hur hur
fams u fake u know where to find u can hmu and make plans foh
fams you fake lol
to the obnoxious orange hoard who stood the entire game so fans behind them could not see and /or had to be relocated...you suck!
@ tx last year they cheered through the game "f--- you cal!" this yr throwing water bottles. classy... go bears
when u see the tweet,first thing comes to mind is why he's wondering about such a thing,but yeah it might be his point , lol
true, that's how i got your point lmao
dt but it's very very close
saw this too late... but chose shepard
naw they're not the rams
they're better than the rams fym
2 very sick small boys today thanks to the chicken wings at your castle rotisserie restaurant! :'( tasted funny
how was traffic going in, this comp is trying to build in my town, it's all about$$$ hope your boys feel betr
the wife has made me mac &amp; cheese comfort food dinner because i am so upset today about my newly paralyzed leg.
is there chance for improvement?
i lied. i can't go to the party
that's the same day as giffy pop's party.
that said, i've only met people from the first two categories, &amp; mostly the first category. and i know the media is skewed...
the people i've known who've done it haven't liked it. perhaps a skewed sample. still, point about locking people up holds.
. this driver speeds, honks @ children &amp; thinks people are required to stay in unsafe lanes.
. no fewer than 13 cars this evening. what exactly do suggest people on bikes do here?
spent the morning pair programming with my mom ! we decided on automator and applescript for high leverage start
we should teach more with tools like automator. instead of staying in console (intangible), we automated a common office task she runs into
that's who 90% of gospel singers try to sound like lol
who wouldn't she's gr8
i want to see u tweet when we win rt : y'all got that... hat down salute.... y'all tho
wait... it ain't over
that's the same day as giffy pop's party.
come through to griffins though
now where could i be off to? :)
lax-zrh on an a380? :)
oh no, i'm so, so very sorry.
thank you v much, i miss her a lot
honestly my parents really try to not let me do certain shit , but like i'm gonna enjoy my youth regardless idgaf
sucks being back home. i feel you b
he looked wack last night? he could've ko'd smith much earlier but that's bad for business
he aint look bad but yea maybe he held back
he's been pushing his agenda for quite some time, uninterrupted for the most part. we underestimated him..plain and simple!
-he has succeeded because his goal is to manipulate entire systems not just individuals.
feeling incredibly blessed that sam bradford is playing football tonight and i do not have to watch it
i am going to watch it and laugh and feel great
and our other amanda! ! whodat
what's with all the empty seats?! is this pre or post game?
gaga: "i'm headlining the super bowl halftime show!" nfl: "no she aint..." gaga: "we ju-" nfl: "we said she aint."
where are these receipts
i'm determined to discover why all 25-26 year olds are so tired and i'm going to fix it for all of us
can you add me to your push notification mailing list for when you figure it out plz
when the pussy next to you on the thruway cant drive defensively like a real man so he has his whore of a gf throw her ice capp at you
literally know the chick that did it she tweeted about it
i am so sorry for the loss of your sweet girl. they really are our best friends.
thank you for your sweet words
what are the top 5 diagnoses that cause the sign/symptoms of severe night sweats? there are very few diagnoses that cause severe diaphoresis
tb? it's coming back around.
it's a lennon song
john lennon rocks!!!
daybreak in wickford, ri...
that is beautiful.
just to add, he plays to people's fears that "others" are taking their jobs, causing harm to them, in exaggerated numbers../1
...not even sure he believes it, may be just playing on fears 4political reasons. i work w/ minorities, lots feel this way /2
congrats to sea dubs alum on his induction into the hall of fame!
wtg cam!congrats on becoming a gsw.we'll be watching ya from the beach in sc!
wish i had one. oh, well. things happen.
i can help if you don't mind a slow turn around time.
"i'm not worried and do not care if idubbbz makes a content cop on me" proceeds to make a 5 minute video about how scared and worried he is
wait when did he say that
(ibd) state dept. is protecting hillary clinton's presidential bid - - - 56
.s. 's new slogan can be, "at least i never got an ambassador, an information officer &amp; 2 former navy seals killed."
yes, but given all involved in this situation -obama/kasich/trump/ohio/tpp - this endorsement has a different vibe.
i agree w/both of you. it cld just be he's still for tpp&amp;so's the prez. otoh, any siding w/dems now is unusual.
art is essential to life. such as it is with writing. i was once asked why i write. my response, why do you breathe?
i love that response. you are spot on.
i thought u were gone
nah i'm here. raiders won this same game last week
i just sent you an email through your website!
thanks! i'll follow up soon.
"i strongly condemn the apparent terrorist attacks in minnesota, new jersey, and new york."
is this how trump said he was going to win these states?
gov. chris christie falsely claims donald trump hadn't talked "birther" for years
are these trump people seriously serious??
please tell me you have nestle munchies..!!?
there is one thing we have that you don't that i liek. almond joy. closest thing is your bounty bar but w an almond on coconut
current status: hanging out at the pool and drinking la croix... like an hipster. look california what you did
now who's enjoying the ca lifestyle?
solution isn't always to fire everyone. you'd think raider nation would understand this by now.
foreal. its week 2 people
this woman should be hauled off to prison for writing about her own children this way.
washpo had another moron sending her girl to college who should also been locked up, but i did the mom job so, im real critical.
excuse me? she is pastor &amp; thus responsible for that "house," &amp; trump violated guest agreemt
and can you produce that agreement. it's all about fact!!
what happened here? omgee!!
er ma gherd. right. anna chlumsky needs to fire and sue her stylist.
why would you ever do that
i'm stacked in the lb position
exploring that actually
daily 3-5m hot takes might suit you. best execution, :
funny, none of the *actual* blacks here think so. how old are you?
actual blacks? wow, you are even more racist than i thought. tons of black ppl on here supporting trump, racist!
a big storm outside @ trader sam's enchanted tiki bar - disneyland hotel
if gets word of this, he's going to downgrade $dis even more.
also not as scary looking as "96".
unless you have lots of u.k. friends and know what's scary over there.
what is access committee?
a committee that works on education, advocacy and accountability around disability access at my congregation.
will there be alcohol?
yes. and drugs. and live entertainment
i was just busting your chops bluto!
understood! i always trust the stud. he's a stud after all, right?
- can you really charge 5 to park in a load of potholes!!
they are trying to build in my town , how was traffic going in to park? thank you
i hate those. feel better
they suck. i used to get them daily but they stopped working/meds..... now they're slowly coming back
do your homework. heartland institue- google that with conley's name.
breaking: local man volunteers for advocacy for 3 years, then takes part-time fellowship
yall made somd risky moves, going for it on 4th twice
we had to bro refs were killing them
he's been pushing his agenda for quite some time, uninterrupted for the most part. we underestimated him..plain and simple!
-i wouldn't have gotten so obsessed with countering him, if i didn't believe he was clever.
absolutely loved it! such a fun film &amp; ryan was amazing
you cannot go wrong with that movie. it is excellent. also ryan reynolds = 100% woof
assuming the packers &amp; vikings don't tie on snf, after just two weeks, the nfc will only have two unbeaten teams: snf winner &amp; ny giants.
chill the eagles gonna grab that dub in chicago
where is that?!?
city beer store in sf!
new polls show losing millennial support nationally and in key states
the only poll that counts is on nov 8th. and no one will want a lying, cheating, self serving, white supremacist
oooooo, the trumpwipe who posted this to youtube gave it a lie as a title... how old are you, son?
it's called a freudian slip, and why do you want my age you fucking pervert?
after doing a brilliant story on alan moore, turned into an actual superhero.
aww shucks. we weren't the only people to call it in - many heroes today!
it's a horror film
i'm starting to see that. it's a pretty rockin' one, too.
proud to work with and -- congratulations on your nominations tonight!
three very smart ladies!
someone just liked this post from when i still used my captainofserenity url. lms if u were here 4 dat
throwback to when you texted me a couple months ago and a text from "captainofserenity" popped up on my phone
today: woke up on strangers couch threw up in waho watched law and order svu all day napped ordered pizza for dinner sunday funday
we're totally hanging out one day
i agree w/both of you. it cld just be he's still for tpp&amp;so's the prez. otoh, any siding w/dems now is unusual.
did you mean, btw, that kasich might be signaling ever so slightly for undecided oh voters that is ok?
i miss the art i made in middle school
htis is so pretty im so proud of middle school you
. the have the best record in baseball since 8/18. incredible, all things considered.
how many of those teams had a record over 500?
widely reported in 08.selective media amnesia now?2 clinton supporters in'08 reportedly shared obama 'birther' story
- "clinton"supporters in a very broad use. dt used it to egregiously delegitimize the first black pres. you should be outraged
also, is just the best; always game for a good to event. always happy to be there.
they're in the bike lane
chelsea fans on ft are cancer and need to stay in their lane. always rating hazard over neymar and zouma over umtiti. iniesta rustled them.
what is ft? cheers
congrats to you and the family. proud of you!!
thanks coach! really appreciate it!
he is a loving man earning his phd in ethical philosophy: nothing mean in ethics :)
this is a straw man
the truly deplorable thing in this race is the shameful level of condescension &amp; disrespect 's showing to her fellow citizens
you're the chief of deplorable. your conman refuses to show his tax returns &amp; you think that not being transparent is ok. no morals
o tells black caucus not voting for vile hrc will insult his legacy vile muslim's legacy: destroying us
o is a pos treasonous lying traitor isis supporting scumbag. i refrained from using the "n" word...
yes! i played it when it first came out on ps4. really pretty, super interesting.
i think i'm near the end. i had no idea what it was when i started &amp; kept getting scared thinking i'd run into zombies
this is how you do a cape, giuliana.
holy crap, that is one sharply dressed kid.
i will send you a link. mr. conley has been playing all sides of the isles.
local man expertly plays both sides of the 'isle' by exposing rjr in multiple stories
its says elimination for cards? does that effect us? or no!
that's their tragic number for the 2nd wild card. they are right there, just 1 game behind sf.
can i dress like a slut or is it more casual
you can dress however you want thot
mic check 1, 2. is anyone out there?
on a hot day at the park the giants took us back to the 70's at the stick.
still... it is von miller
i knoooooow i started clay matthews, lawrence timmons and luke kuechly.
this tweet made me uncomfortable for a second, which is how i knew i should read it again (and again).
i think this claim is overstated; what has driven a decline in civic engagement is tv
jovan vavic has his 500th career men's win at usc in the books!
congrats jovan and team. go get some more
do you believe in evolution of the human species, or are you ignorant? [do you really think you're *impressing* anyone?]
i'm agnostic, but continue with your bigotry, why dont you ask muslims if they believe in allah or evolution? fucking bigot
have a large fraudulent charge and need to speak to someone over the phone asap. already contacted cs help.
product is from a apple store in boston and i'm in san francisco. i need the order canceled asap!
he spent so many years building up a reputation that he was better than this.
another reputation under the bus in the service of our great main stream media
washpost calls for prosecution of its own source (after accepting pulitzer). by
...and every paper that benefited from chelsea manning's leaks should be calling to pardon her for time served.
i think they said that you need some form of id to access the area.
where did you find this info? need to find out if i will be able to go to my office tomorrow.
meth does that
i was just wondering if anyone has seen orly and her in the same place?
fireman? seriously? didn't anyone tell you it's 2016?
no no, feminazis don't want equal representation here. only in movies.
i probably should have looked at the weather before i put lamb chops and herb-ricotta gnocchi with sage butter on the menu for dinner.
cook for me.
don't tweet me until the game over rt : nah i'm here. raiders won this same game last week
you ain't even got ya feet done bye, buy, bi
wish la or kay was here they wouldn't let me get jumped
look at this
i think the power of blm can extend beyond police brutality. i think it can be used to save black lives regardless of who's taking them.
i think the blm movement has already extended itself to other realms, it just hasn't be advertised as much.
a's don't have any notable free agents coming up after this year. would you like to see beane keep the core together? where should he spend?
bartolo reunion would be more than acceptable. dexter fowler is almost certainly out of our price range.
and he looks like he's having a blast, which is great.
most important part
oh wow, that looks so nice! slack integration?!
slack integration for dns? i'm confused.
omg.. i am going to have to move to sf!
it would almost be worth the $23,000/month rent!
lmao on occasion
idk kelly .
omg i never knew those existed
i didn't either but my life has changed for the better
von miller is the best defensive player in the league. don't @ me.
i believe this
itp:"burning" on 'songsmith'smusicmotel' on
tyvm; 4the &amp; + 4the
oh the whole "charles" thing ?
yeah i think so
jes look at all those cool mf'ers in haight
they lie. it's 85 here
im giving a way a whole lot of clothing and shoes..some with tags. some barely worn.
whatchu giving out lol
i think this claim is overstated; what has driven a decline in civic engagement is tv
but the part about reduced access to meaningful jobs is more likely true and no less harrowing
where is mike. where is barb.
where is will
no time for food orders! get with it!
seriously lol...
based on recent interactions with people i think i need to amend my twitter bio to include "surprisingly short"
same. and you really do look tall.
hey raiders fans: ??
offense was awesome. bad defense. thts it
is there a twitter storm planned?? a specific #???
not if you're telling the world about it
you're just wasting your time talking because i'm not even listening l o l
is this @ me
agreed, but i think the shape of the earth would make a great science fair project for my sixth-grader.
he could recreate some of the ancient experiments used to deduce it and the highlight the later refinements!
ok! and whats our #!!
magic number of 12 for a playoff berth.
people are saying.
many people are saying
never park in carpark f you will never get out!! ridiculous sat stationary for over an hour with hungry tired kids
this is a repetitive prob, they are trying to build in my town , how was traffic? big concern here w/emergencies
can we all please get a grip? random knifings and bombings aren't all "terrorist" attacks. and not all...
depends on ur definition of terrorist. u are right if u limit terrorists based on gender, religion, and/or race.
keep em comin
for u... anything :)
the ravens' win today was the second-biggest comeback in franchise history. no. 1 was vs. the cardinals in 2011 (21 points).
so this would be the biggest road comeback?
exploring that actually
but 1m content may require 1h production. has team, superhuman. weekly (monologue) podcast also compelling.
just can't defend the middle.
and what the hell is reggie nelson doing shaking hands with after getting that 1st down, wow!!!
i'm not going to not see that.
i guess it wouldn't be a fun screening if you had a loud crowd. but it felt like i was alone. next to the speakers.
fmr supt. pub. instruct. speaks 's town hall for strengthening education.
.: "there is not a single home on the market affordable to a two-teacher household." . it's not any better in . let's help.
very important piece by an important journalist. must read from the undefeated.
thank you, jason. your support means a lot -- especially on this.
no, seriously i'm in tears. .
helpppp rt : no, seriously i'm in tears. .
what happenened to nyc taxis? almost no cabs at penn. station did rhey all become uber drivers?
took me 40 min to find a cab at penn today. hope i bump into you this week!
i am not here for rami malek's newfound confidence.
this is solidified after i saw him aggressively hit on a v popular blogger/model at the alexander wang show last week.
every friday linds has a party at this place we're gonna go
sounds good
this one looked like a real laugh riot. (seahawks very lucky they're not 0-2, with two ugly loses, right now.)
in other news, if winston had just been allowed to throw 70 passes, he could have squeezed in another 3 ints.
i.e. people who hate essentially what tv is and want it to be a big gloop of a thing. but will complain if a movie is too long :/
some shows still keeps episodes p great even with this format but it requires a lot more self policing
they do. it's punishment for caring about your fellow man. that message is very disturbing i'm a "christian" nation.
usa morally bankrupt. 1/2 of 1% have names written in the book of life. everyone else just hanging out.
lmao @ that white dad a chick fell on your son calm down
lmao white ppl shit
and hey, red dresses on a red carpet are always the right choice/pick
is queen bey arriving as last one, as usual??
is rami malek out or not?
the after-party for his tiff movie was at a gay strip club?
ok, i guess the plain black background won't work anymore.
that actually looks awesome
i hate u guys so much
go watch naturo u weirdo
mets are on fire against the worst schedule in baseball...they can't touch the cubs, nats, or dodgers though.
haha anything can happen in the ps! i wouldn't want to play them. big sexy and yo all the way to the world series.
can you dm us with your account email?
problem is resolved.
swagged out
there's like shit smeared on that paper bag
in this case hate would be better than don't like
nobody can give me a rational response to why they "hate" clinton. probably because it's just hate. hate is irrational.
i can try and laugh off the fact that we blew another result on the road but at the same time it's just so inexplicable it's exasperating
i don't deny it's a good result in a vacuum but goodness me there's just no answer to this habit and it's baffling
lmao relax! rt : heard you rented out the entire club last night. a level up from buying the bar out *salute*
happy bday my guy when u back in nyc drinks on me..since pittman nvr wan drink wit me no more
nahhh delivering tmmrw straight from supreme
nah its fake u tripping dog
is infantile
i don't have a emoji for a pacifier.
go watch naturo u weirdo
naruto, whatever
"" show me appreciation and i'll show you the world.. simple as that""
put a cork in it.
rattled campaign manager tries to explain why donald trump lied for five years via
typical jennifer tactic:when rattled say kellyanne is rattled
just remember..this is early in the season and plenty of time to get it together and let's not give up alright we got work 2do
from an outsider perspective, losing to an nfc team, especially at home, has big effects. killed the ravens a couple years ago.
i think the bombing itself galvanized voters. death or not, we need to get tougher preventing these attacks.
sure, i'm for atf tracking powder&amp;explosives, but nra's long opposed. the ones in nj/nyc-my home-we don't even know motivation.
we americans do not care what your idiot polls have to say. we don't believe your "trustworthy" polls. hillary offers nothing.
just competence and maturity. that's about all.
thank you from the bottom of my heart, dear fio! you're so sweet. love &amp; miss you much!
miss you more! you're so special! have no idea! how's everbody? hug them for me! love you guys!
love it! now get this show out to la!!
i'm doing just that! monday nights
anyone got any ideas what boxing sites take guest submissions? :)
i do. i have posted some
my gift to the world is when i see kids having tantrums, i look away and pretend i don't even notice.
i do the same when the parent finally flips its shit on that kid. secretly we feel better about ourselves without judging.
who are we liking so far, dress-wise?
sarah paulson, the rest is air.
someone download uber eats and use my code.
i've gotten at least 4 codes but i still haven't downloaded it
i like to think that my reporting is enhanced by the fact that i don't use meaningless jargon and unnecessary adjectives
meaningless is probably an unnecessary adjective in this instance.
the sun will rise in the morning
when we knock off the cardinals next weekend the zips will feel like it never happened. titles are in the future !!
making me really wish i got into acting, but it seems like a hit or miss path
maybe it's not too late. viola is 51, black folk out here aging like crystal gems i have until 30ish to get into it
yeah master of none was great at that and for that reason i waited longer to finish it
transparent
i hate that the work bitch choreo involves floor work i can't/won't do on a dirty bar floor.
if britney can confidently traipse barefoot into that gas station bathroom, you can handle this.
some benefits: - allows you to 'be' in multiple places at once - crystallizes understanding:
h/t on the journal post
shameless season 7 is back in october 2016!!!
omg how many episodes?
you can also just do regular ein and throw a projectile aftewards.
the fireball game dependw on throwing ein and the fireball follow up. if you delay too long, you can't throw one back.
31: i champion every zombie flick where he follows his own vision. (yes, even h2.) i can't champion something i'm not sure he believes in.
that's the thing, you can clearly tell he didn't want to make it
when a guy fucks w you on the thru way so you throw a half full iced coffee at his car and it goes in his window &amp; explodes in his face
ya that was my buddy said you guys got scared after. that kinda stuff will catch up to you..
these two may be talking stars' fashion, but and look pretty great themselves, right?!
lara looks gorgeous; hair, dress &amp; makeup on fleek
you saw garoppolo is hurt and out multiple weeks likely, right?
just in time for brady to come back without any of his thunder being stolen. that how the roll.
california sunday
what have you done to my dog?
does messages on ios 10 improve the offline functionality at all? or is it just... stickers...?
what did you want in terms of offline functionality?
damn straight chef 's spicy eggplant fries pair perfect...
thanks for sharing, nicole! what's your best email?
getting while feels so good, but so naughty!! like it? rt let me know if want more
when the lady's enjoying herself the world's a much better place,good for gf &amp; don't settle for anything less ( c ;
rami malek is the sad artsy boy who they let in the frat and gets way too fucked up at every party
girls think he's different then he makes them uncomfortable
branden albert says offense placing too much pressure on defense
to be fair defense gave up 21 to backup and 10 to backups back up. offense actually gave them a chance in second half
im still waiting for the subs to happen so i wouldnt mind
subs have been out since the release lol
there isn't a red carpet that she doesn't kill. in siriano at the .
spot and all.
i don't need to watch the emmy's bc my friend won one last week and that's all that matters. plus outlander wasn't nominated!
if you can watch season 2 episode faith and not give an emmy? pppffffffffttttttt
sure wouldn't of but yeah you was buggin talking crazy yesterday
was all out of character i'm never drinking again
trump has the temperament for our next president. hillary is a deplorable disgraceful pathological liar.
if you think donald trump has the temperament to be president of the united states, the world is in trouble.
rami has an identical twin i didn't know the world deserved that much beauty
he is like alright
guess who the fuck just put on a screen protector with no air bubbles or dust
hmu if you need your screen protector installed. just ship me your phone &amp; paypal $35 i'll provide the protector.
have spoken to hm &amp; rm on the situation. rm will go to j&amp;k himself to take stock of the situation.
wedon't want words,we want action.teach porkistan the biggest lesson &amp;make sure they don't celebrate their 71 independence day
tons? they must be very fat. bring back another one. post a selfie. and answer the fucking age question.
bring back? you think were objects or something? i'll post a dic pic with ur name before show my face online.racist pervert
i don't need to watch the emmy's bc my friend won one last week and that's all that matters. plus outlander wasn't nominated!
likely still gonna watch though
oh shit yeah!
congratulations!
how many games did you start in the nfl compare to matt
397 yds 3 tds you are right blows
politicians? lol then go study some more. there are no politicians that are ideological purists here
it's not a case of ideological purism. it's just a strong belief that they feel. they won't vote 4 trump.
sounds about right. the local hospital charges medicare $300 to deliver a shot of coumiden, lot of admin overhead in that $300
well between what medicare is charged and what it pays is a huge ocean of difference, and has probably escalated costs.
from an outsider perspective, losing to an nfc team, especially at home, has big effects. killed the ravens a couple years ago.
yeah it does but you know there is plenty of time to improve.. i got faith in the team ethan.. still got things to work on
is queen bey arriving as last one, as usual??
is balmain?? and who is she? kardashians' cousin?
hmu if you need your screen protector installed. just ship me your phone &amp; paypal $35 i'll provide the protector.
we makin businesses outta erythang now
i interviews myself 25 years into the future and made an editorial about it. designed myself. first of many. (1/2)
genius. haven't seen something like this.
lol he was spooked
terrified lol
nope the devil is a liar. no more henny for me lol
lmao. not even one time for the one time?
lmao what happened
i was feeling salty last night i was about to fight
the fireball game dependw on throwing ein and the fireball follow up. if you delay too long, you can't throw one back.
any character can hop that fireball and hit him at closer range.
itp:"burning" on 'songsmith'smusicmotel' on
tyvm; 4the + 4the
sorry i can't watch (and draw) the tonight. have fun, everybody!
. will miss your fabulous cartoons
people x ew live stream
dammit i'm watching e
i'm still thinking about it.
i already have 2 of them. i need to buy 2 more this year. i keep mine on one of the couches
rami is either super nervous or super... something else.
i'm just totally guessing, but he looks like someone who is very uncomfortable with this part of the profession.
yo if you guys don't keep conor daly next year i will make sure you regret it idk how but i'll do it
alrighty then
i owe a hug can some1 transfer it 4 me
hug acquired!
im so hateful right now im jealous and angry and hollowed out and spiteful and just mean
there, too.
do i need to be watching mr. robot? what is it about?
hacker with depression tries to take down evil corporation.
normally the color orange is the obvious wrong choice for anything and everything, but this is the rare exception.
you have never been more wrong about anything.
biased bc i love her but omg i looovvveeee this dress.
she looks fantastic.
the barrel bomb conundrum - virtually every mainstream media article or broadcast on the united states aerial
"..blanket media use of 'barrel bomb' as though it represents something uniquely inhumane is..fascinating ex of propaganda"
another week of shitting on fallen soldiers! fuck you both. get the fuck out of my country!
jim brown does not support your protest and he's a big civil rights guy. maybe y'all should go educate yourself.
why is trump so eager to claim every event as terrorism? like all demagogues he wants to create climate of fear so he can seize power.
maybe your community shd be hit by an attack, maybe you'll feel differently, but i doubt it you moron!!
we makin businesses outta erythang now
spots are filling up fast as we speak my dms are goin brady reserve your spot now
if you dig real deep into my family history, i'm technically 1/8th irish and 1/8th german
but is that significant enough to say i'm part irish or part german.. i feel like it's not. like that's such a small number
you will never find anyone better than me lol
besides yours truly
congrats on your cowboys winning today.
thank you my friend
and we've begun the season known as 'wait for football game to be over so can start'
i'd be willing to have the nfl fold if that meant always started on time
is balmain?? and who is she? kardashians' cousin?
serious question now, is james corden presenting the show?
bae's fired up
he wants to push my buttons and he thinks he's funny. he's not, really.
oh yeah he has those new moves too that pushes him forward and is safe.
all of those moves are on a guess. you have to commit to the move when you throw ein.
i missed it! pics, please.
same here. unfortunately i'm not an award show person sis v.
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
: thank you donald trump for caring about the people of our united states, citizens &amp; non. it is more than most elected.
but is that significant enough to say i'm part irish or part german.. i feel like it's not. like that's such a small number
but my skin tone begs to differ
i really want to break the shit out of something now. a rant vid will be coming later
: the storm is coming. i can't wait.
sorry... by allstar weekend went too hard for us i feel like we didn't appreciate enough because we weren't ready
the whole all the way album was under appreciated. we fucked up by letting this slip away.
gameover if they didn't take back the cooper t.d we would be tied
you mean if he didn't step out :( it was our fault
bring back? you think were objects or something? i'll post a dic pic with ur name before show my face online.racist pervert
you can see my nice caramel cock you pervert? would that satisfy your racism? your bigotry that u cant fathom black trumper
honestly starting to think you're only talking about not watching the nfl so much because you're actually watching the nfl.
joe walsh pretends to hate people who aren't white because he secretly has a gay crush on a lot of immigrants
you could...fly it out tomorrow!
ssssh don't leak our plans to pivot into the delivery space
yessir... regroup/ sure up that d fellas!!!
if we do this.. plenty of time
i know but we won't forget that they publicly refused to back our republican candidate
well that's the consequences they have to accept for their decision not to vote for trump.
our gorgeous mamas at the !
my queens
are yous watching tonight
what's on tonight!!!
idiotic is this? immaturity at its best! bernie lost-get over it!
dnc ideologues running usa over the cliff. i hope they loose everything. most did not earn it!
the only thing i see when the commentators praise aaron rodgers nonstop
i see what you did here
this dress is stunning.
i thought it was a westwood.
well that was disappointing. we got fucked so bad though by the refs and lucky plays by the falcons so it's whatever.
we'll get the titans next week.
like, if i brought this up at a dinner party, i'd either get blank stares or resignation. not "no we haven't!"
this is very interesting to me. probably because my dinner guests wouldn't self-identify but are well-off/educated
she is krazy!!!!
i'm a diehard broncos fan and have been for a long time. so leave me the fuck alone
either i'm a sucker for floral paired with a perfect deep plunge or everything here is simply stunning.
nope. not a sucker for the plunge. stunning
we don't have one ?
idk. if we do it might be trash
my air bnb roommate
holy. . . fuck. . .
niggas be real life pussy though.
this a faaaaact
absolutely not. i'm a changed man lol
lmao i respect it. you ever wanna dance with the devil again, we here bro
non sequitur much?
no. bill's policies have worked out perfectly for the middle east. if only we could put more troops there....
this feels all wrong to me. twitter is identity and communication. they just fight that every step of the way.
have you ever seen a fc article that didn't read like it was written by the pr dept of the co being reported on?
mimosas are life
agreeeed! i love mimosass!! and i'm not even a fan of champagne lol
you can see my nice caramel cock you pervert? would that satisfy your racism? your bigotry that u cant fathom black trumper
no because a racist like you thinks all blacks must like obama if not they stupid, yet whites can choose whoever they want!
have seen all seasons. like but have credibility issues: elizabeth &amp; philip never sleep, expect paige to support their work
that said, i have a feeling this is the year for at the
thinks my head size is what misleads people. maybe same for you?
i think it's the angle of the shots in our avatars. shooting upward makes me seem taller in the photo.
just ate 3 pieces of fresh-off-the-tree sports candy and then jogged a mile hell yeahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!
feel the burnnnnnn
the highest grossing tours are from bands who released their first records 30-40 years ago! nirvana is now "classic rock"!
oh i know! and for some reason i feel so old every time i hear them.
hacker with depression tries to take down evil corporation.
sorry, yes, i'd recommend it.
which fantasy moves burned you this week? let us know with the hashtag .
benched phillip rivers for russel wilson
today our van was a death trap. we survived.
my god dude, that is so sketchy!
today's karaoke: loretta lynn "fist city", patsy cline "crazy", linda ronstadt "bewitched, bothered, &amp; bewildered"
trying so hard to keep it on country \_()_/ so: zach brown band "chicken fried", dolly parton " i will always love you"...
happy birthday to me
and many more.
hindsight being 20/20 and all, perhaps a black couch wasn't the best choice for my lifestyle.
get a white couch, fixes everything
we don't think the polls are wrong. we love leading hillary in states pres obama won. our shared point is different
doesn't think anything is wrong. supports the biggest liar in history. nothing wrong with that.
i need u to tweet now since y'all lost
my last disrespectful tweet will be
apologies to team chevy, power's problem appears to be gearbox/drivetrain.
could hear him trying to grab gears rolling out of turn 7/esses.
cafe a reasonable framework for policy for passenger vehicles, no? what's the critique?
cafe is like just forcing plants to keep getting more efficient, eventually we have to ban the plant...
i want some hats
i have 5 hats that i dont use 3$ each one
but they never actually attacked on religion. did you pay attention?
oh hey about that:
sooo i just tried washing my car and i failed miserably so imma go to the carwash in a little lmao
how do u fail at washing ur car
if you share trump's core beliefs &amp; proudly stand by them, then you should vote for him.
voting for your right, mark your calendar november 9th
yo sandy is pissed @ me cos i said i'd watch one ep of rick and morty a day but continue to power through adventure time lmao
lol how far are you in r&amp;m?
excited for rob &amp; chyna tonight! tune into e!
no i want you on ny screen foh
he was so bitter like he literally said "gj everyone but mouse" (im the mouse)
how tf do i get toontown on my macbook
atl d blows n so does no n we were in shootouts vs them. what about when we actually play a team that can shut us down?
jack del rio has work to do for sure
orders for comic books have hit a 20-year high via cc
my return to the medium after decades away is entirely due to my 9-yr-old nephew, but the timing was perfect
get used to saying "president trump" landslide coming.
wait till after the debates that's the only time it really counts your disgrace to your race
sean smith you already know the answer lol
i thought matt ryan was loaded lol. looked pretty good to me
tweet me any wrestling-related questions you'd like me to answer in tomorrow's q&amp;a video using the hashtag ! thanks!
favorite mitb ladder match?
danggg well next time lol!
i agree but thank you hugs!!
i really wish imessage would stop suggesting emojis every time i type a word. i wanted to type house, if i wanted an emoji i would have.
right, and it doesn't even replace the word which makes it useless.
what defense? lol opposition scored over 30 both times.
what pass rush. isn't that your "strength"
*wears gym clothes but doesn't actually go to the gym*
this was me and jenessa yesterday morning that's toooo funny/accurate
i forgot limited distribution of quality beer
you have the sentimentality of data
ive wanted one for years. i was finally goig to get one last year but they sold out. i plan to move him around
i got the strangest looks for having to carry mine across the mall
vote out gop who have no morals as evidenced by their bankrupt &amp; support 4 this ! !
&amp; are out for sure. as a woman, kelly embarrasses me.
all plans cattywompus. kitchen shelf acquired, needed a stud finder to mount it. stud finder acquired, doesn't come with a battery.
how many trips to home depot now?
raiders 1-1 for the first time since last year. defense may be an issue
you forgot the sarcastic font on the "maybe an issue"
these kids are creepy looking...
look in the mirror.
dixie chicks singer calls country radio 'hypocrites' for trump support
the dixie chicks are still around? i guess they're desperately seeking attention.
going to equinox just to use the scented steam room. wearing workout clothes though so no one shames me.
i definitely do that all winter lol
hmm, that's actually not bad. it avoids the stuck in 1973 feel of everything orange.
orange happens to be one of my favorite colors. all orange sports unis are generally awful, though.
nope, the cardinals game was on the road too
i distinctly remember that one being in baltimore. i know we went to st. louis that year and played the niners at home
i want an internship but i don't need one. my job basically is the plug for my future with working with the gov.
internships are experiences to learn. i'm sure you are creative !
did the . went well. still some work to do to get ready for the though.
gotcha! way to work! tune up is necessary to get u ready for the big race. all the best!
justin said he has a new app which is better than instagram and it'll come out soon, who is excited?
i'm very excited for the app i can't wait to download it on my iphone and ipod touch
it literally took me 45 minutes to get to the west side today so im done
i've never hopped off a train and ran outside so fast lmao
lmfao him and his speeches bruh
lmfao must have been entertaining
grounded due to weather
the weather just wants to give you a goodbye hug.
what kind of cocktails do you have in store for mr. ?
a little , a little sweet , a little dry vermouth, a cherry. up. perfect.
this is why you don't talk smack early.
the gods were not pleased.
i truly don't know, but it looks worse than before sooooo i fucked up
lmaoooo wth
i just learned what nfl redzone is and now have a new least favorite channel
so you're just gnna post the same thing on snapchat and expect no one to notice...
i like how the fashion hosts say "who are you liking?" as those they're crusty cops picking suspects for a crime.
can't wait til they play good host/bad host.
hmm, that's actually not bad. it avoids the stuck in 1973 feel of everything orange.
but you are correct about those netherlands kits.
this woman should be hauled off to prison for writing about her own children this way.
- apparently you're never exposed to the wide swath of our large % of women who claim past rape that are now 40-60
f the orange juice i just need the bottle of champagne
lmfao omg. i really can't wait to get drunk with you guyss
the 1 time i play overwatch and you guys do this smh
i feel your pain haven't touched it in 2 weeks halfway through 1st match &amp; shit the bed.
japan facts: a "senpai" is actually a globular monster who hides in the shadows and eats your happy thoughts. notice me senpai, indeed.
wow so these girls are saying notice me senpai theyre really looking for a lost globular monster?! um ok
that's like creek spicy chicken on steroids
inwould agree but this chicken a1 quality
the target market for 90% of trump enterprises are the very people who have come to hate the whole family.
the fruit does not fall far from the tree!
raiders are ass lmfao
stfu niners lost too you bum ass nigga
wow you just spoiled it for everyone who hasn't seen it good job
it's so predictable
&amp; green party are arrogant phonies. yeah put the guy who wants to increase coal &amp; thinks climate change is a hoax in white house!
i tend to think of the greens as being infested by invasive species which only prey on the top of the plant.
final from oakland.
well deserved loss. happens when you play like crap!!!!!! falcons wanted it more!
why did the raiders call a timeout before the two minute warning allowing the falcons to run a pass play...?
not an expert but wondered the same thing. i don't get it.
giuliana: who are you wearing? me:
that's actually appropriate seeing as charlize turns into an emmy at the end of the gif
hell yea patacon sandwich and yuca fries
nah, that looks fire. where from?
my deepest condolences to the family of the young policewoman slain for no reason except for wearing blue.
prayers for my sister and brother in blue!!
raiderss still on roadd to thee playoffss
stop lying to yo dumbass
says the one who doesn't go out...
you obviously don't know me that well plus i'm always up for something new
. remember he ran as a dem &amp; was against everything dt stood 4! he lost &amp; yet u wd support the nightmare trump?
no we just want you to feel the pain of your idiotic decisions.dnc knew she was damaged went ahead anyway.stupid
i wish sam luck in his endeavor up north.
we deserve a top 5 pick this year
someone in an interview last night referred to as "formerly respected" ..... as of a few months ago. liar she is.
i heard that too
i want some hats
i have one that i don't use any more
i really wish imessage would stop suggesting emojis every time i type a word. i wanted to type house, if i wanted an emoji i would have.
i'm at work like ok. the person on the other end didn't understand "work" but now it's clarified bc of a building?
clooney: i'm with kristol, krauthammer, and will
nobody care who your with you self absorbed, condescending jackass
the barrel bomb conundrum - virtually every mainstream media article or broadcast on the united states aerial
" far less 'effective'..meaning devastating..than..professionally made munitions..(dropped on).. "
stfu niners lost too you bum ass nigga
stop speakin on my teams name then get offended when we do it to you
i know they are clear. im saying to dm to discuss your other issues.
lol like he is seeking your advice. get over yourself muslim. we can read for ourselves.
shows how my life's a mess
can't be thattt bad
i distinctly remember that one being in baltimore. i know we went to st. louis that year and played the niners at home
and i remember losing at seattle. just checked, it was a 30-27 home win.
candidates who don't back trump may not be allowed to run again, rnc chairman says
i'm starting to like you again. no longer want your head on a platter.
now watching: district 9.
guess districts 1-8 were all rejects xd
this is your fault, , , , , &amp; trashorama.
never fault someone that just wants to live mas :)
i'm redownloding it tonight
wtfs that i need it
it's also almost the name of a kind of pasta
trying delorecchiettes. will report back.
tell me you don't hate it when you're ear phones get fuckin tangled like crazy
i be on the train on my way to work going crazy trying to untangle them morgan.
anti-semitism increasingly becoming a part of the campaign as a result of a white supremacist campaign staff.
we tried to tell you guys with . now look......... there in the mainstream.
great post. thanks for writing it.
+1, really enjoyed this
when you're sick but you have a voice lesson at 10 am tomorrow
why is everyone so sick!
i know they are clear. im saying to dm to discuss your other issues.
lol so desperate in the need to believe you are important in the ummah. meanwhile ahmadis are the rejects.
thank you for your kind words and support for our sgt, the officer, and the civilian victims from last night's senseless attack
prayers for my sister and brother in blue!!
my great aunt tries to tell me my major is bad bc my cousin got a degree in graphics &amp; he hasn't gotten a job yet
like thats not my fault he didn't wanna find an internship or something &amp; wanted to be comodo at home.
can we move sean smith to safety?
can you please come out of retirement
sophie turner in valentino is good too btw.
a lot of christian siriano on the red carpet, which is great!! - loved the lemonade for angela bassett.
this is bullshit
couldn't believe that you guys blew a 20-0 lead.
move to canada, i'll hold you up...
you probably don't have enough closet space.
it certainly feels that way.
you can literally hear him yell mehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh the whole time. but thankfully he didn't that go fund me shit
it's always "just joking" when it's "us" and "hate speech" when it's "them"
imagine that buzzfeed quiz, but complaining about blacks or jews.
did he really step out? it was hard to see, overall our defense is trash cooper carr and crabtree did there part
yea he did. if defense was on point everything would be better it's ok being 1-1 is more than some other teams
who's ready for the emmys?!
i'm in the middle of nowhere without tv or internet! i'll be relying on twitter for my emmy updates
used to love sf! the fillmore &amp; the warfield. all the bands stayed at the phoenix hotel... good times...
this is still a pretty great city - just $$$$. i spent most of my youth in austin, ny &amp; overseas. lots-o-
. chrome won't let me see that page because of security errors.
sorry looks like twitter messed link up here is correct:
this 12yr old kid was rapping the first verse of uber everywhere, down to the "skrt skrt" i was crying bruh
i was walking behind him, hella giggin, tryna hype him up
i don't even know why i like you tbh
i dont even like you why did you want to go and make me feel this way i'm sorry i'm trash
another fucking lie. speaking of perverts, trump said he'd like to date his daughter. looks like he is!
typical pervert, no wonder youre asking for my age, youre a pedo.
silicon valley is playing cards against trump via
... is a desperate man at this point.he will take his loss very hard
it's week 2. if you're 2-0, great. but it ain't bad to be 1-1, and it ain't too late to recover from 0-2.
what's a good way to bounce back after an 0-2 start in dfs?
bravo to sarah paulson. could have been a disaster. but somehow she pulls the crazy off.
best dress of tonight, hands down.
biggest problem is changing working game plan to "defend the lead." team panics and collapses
exactly. we concede possession far too easily and stay camped in our defending third. maintain the press.
"jumping" us on top of slumping growth: ?
-perhaps it's in anticipation of a fed rate rise?
didn't the panthers drop fourty fuckin six on y'all?
ok and devonta freeman averaged 5 a carry. cant stop the run either?? boy you a blaine gabbert yourself. he has no bars
wow if you win the whitehouse will you disband congress as well
that's only a dream.
police and political elite gathering outside of rose pak's apartment in chinatown. pak died this morning.
i guess her last fight was not to allow sf resident a car free street:
this was such a huge play and it looks like trufant pushes cooper out of bounds.
whatever, defense would've given up another touchdown quicker, that's all
me and my bf just made it actually lol. pretty simple
might call on you for el recipe at any minute, be ready.
add me on snapchat! username: cashmerechase1
u showing meat on there ?
it's a birthday party for mom!
that's a beautiful spread! looks real good.. "happy birthday" to her!
if i were you, i would've taken their money and food, and kill them and dump their bodies on the road
what the heck?!
haha sound about right to me
lol i wonder who is considered ?
want no part of mad bum
how do you know he will be available?
i dont watch naruto nice try
i'm sorry, naruto shippuden*
the tmz lawyers discuss colin kaepernick and the first amendment on watch now:
why do you neglect to mention the amount of support he is receiving? really tmz?
the players in question did 3 years ago.
players let down a 3rd coach?
wow. 100% disagree, but you're not here everyday so it makes sense you're uniformed
i don't agree either. u have to keep believing. sport isn't easy, even though sometimes our players are so good it looks easy.
fuller house ???
not worth it
if would file paperwork i'm sure he'd get a media bump. this is the time of year when the press dotes over new candidates.
i don't have the money to file.
so excited to announce that i've joined the team at ! so grateful for the opportunity and can't wait to get started!
awesome man! what are you gonna be work on with umg?
donald trump is teaching the whole world how to lie
i can say trump is excellent at lying
calling all students! get involved in our movement today! join us on campus!
the hitler jugend does not exist in america! leave the students alone!
i threw up in the shower
i did the shower, the sink, the walls, the toilet, and the floor around the toilet
his health was real bad. story i heard was that rick rubin just brought him songs at his house &amp; johnny'd learn and sing 'em.
also depeche mode's "personal jesus", soundgarden's "rusty cage", and marley's "redemption song" w/ joe strummer.
that's what i'm fucking talking about baby!!
welp made more $ in 19 seconds than i did in three years
i know they are clear. im saying to dm to discuss your other issues.
like when you ran from my question? allah likes those who oppose him?
cardinals devil magic still spooking you, michael?
no. i just want the game at home.
tweet me any wrestling-related questions you'd like me to answer in tomorrow's q&amp;a video using the hashtag ! thanks!
push repackage release perkins,matelek,cedric alexander?
yup, reliving my awesome shot
lets play rumble! pc or ps4. choose your poison fellas.
well, followed me back, so it's a good time to say that i believe the mezzanine is the best work of short fiction there is.
at any given moment i would rather be reading the mezzanine than anything else.
people i am very over dot tumblr dot com
please don't subtweet me
yeah it's kind annoying bc i can't check myself out anymore
that's literally how i found out it did that
and he was nonexistent yet again
why it pays to have league's best punter. 6/6 punts ended up within the 20. it's the little things in close ones
are there any alumni badges? :-)
you can pick up a ribbon at the 5:45 session - have to sort out which one applies!
i praised 'the hike' two weeks ago and didn't get a rt. is a dick.
yeah, i compared "the hike" to "inferno" &amp; "the third policeman" and got nothing so i deleted 's chopped episode.
as a minnesota guy, and more minnesota players playing at ndsu, there are many reasons to be excited about that game
they have a program. i would love to see a team from down south or out west visit them in nd in december!
processing. ah, yes. an attachment to something above its objective value. fascinating.
you have no beer you like above its actual quality?
it's been months since i've been in a museum and i live in one of the museum capitals of the world. sucking at living in nyc rn.
i'll go to a museum with you! i've been needing an art fix!
first game in a new stadium, have to bet something, gimme the home team in prime time, +1.5
plus sam bradford, i should double up
bitch is built like a 70's refrigerator.
queen regina!
honestly, i would bet bb rolls the dice and goes into thursday night with one healthy active qb. why drop someone for a four day fill-in?
edelman as backup
nope, i'm going the other way... 1 hr content, see my first experiment more on the way
curious audience response! audio wins because it enables multitasking. without spectacle, video attention usually drops off after 10m.
the youth is truly on the come up and it's so crazy how influential we are before we even hit 21
for real though, most people can't say they did what the youth is doing now of days at our age
great job , 2 podiums at in gt cup with !
thanks andrew!!!
how do you know he will be available?
that guy would pitch on no rest. and probably hit a homer too
learn to make the best quilt in patchwork by pls rt!
this game was a true bang for its buck. one of my wife's favorites.
thanks chris! you're the best!
- it was a pleasure meeting you alesia - keep doing what you do! i'm sure we'll meet again
sunset on the praia before the drive to sevilla @ praia de so rafael
i'm pretty sure this is the first selfie i've ever seen you post and we've been following each other for 27 years.
we on his after an extraordinary 46 years of service in law enforcement
you will be missed. wish you were here now.
you don't appreciate friends who don't need to turn up all the time until is gone. lol
what's good bro? i'm here for the turn down, always.
i'm dieing to have a date rn be dress go have dinner with her
i'll be ready by 9
the best interview all night. the weirder the better in my book. and know
deanna strokes your hair &amp; tonya kisses you. what'd chas do?
it's always nice spending quality time at with innocence
it would be even nicer if they could work the crowds. spent 1.5 hrs in line for food
i can't have peach rings rn i'm gonna kermit
i'm sorry for your loss
girl he's been on a roll today
and i'm honestly tired of folks saying racist shit &amp; not being called on it. about to report his ass too. i'm done &amp; finished
the fact none of us can get the homework at all and we're just yelling at our computers and life hahahahaha
made a new friend though, his name is leaf.
take 60 seconds. watch and be happy.
i love adam ruins everything. my 14 yo got me hooked.
damn y'all
i love black women.
but she can def rock a red dress !!!!
i watched my account's name sake s coverage but i'm not a red carpet type of guy. never have been.
love it! what good is making them sign the pledge if they don't endorse it? need to be consequences.
can you imagine the outrage if trump did it
but we have been waiting 13 years and they get paid millions of dollars to play football! no more excuses!
it's frustrating.. extremely frustrating.. i'm fed up too
remember rookies, there's no crying in baseball!
lol, dansby the only one not wearing a wig
he must be stalking you to know you're tweeting every 30 secs. lol
it's my sis' boyfriend. he likes to pick on me.
yeah i don't know them.. only worked in congress for years
while working in congress, didn't you ever meet someone who stood up for his/her princples?
is this online?
this episode will be done in a month. the other episodes are on
cowboys are 1-1 with a road win at washington. i got them beating chicago next week. so 2 game winning streak under dak
cowboys haven't won a home game in more than a calendar year. are they due?
i officially hate the giants because they are robbing me of points of draft kings
giants baby
[blows raspberry] see u on the internet biiiiiitch [rides away on razr scooter]
*dabs sweaty forehead with cheeseburger*
the integrate_targets option for could be a good way to get like support.
using integrate_targets would create a pods project you could compile and then use the frameworks as direct dependencies in xcode.
great w now! broken deletes disco, talks , week 1 &amp; debut!
amazng reference to egypt on raw during the highlight reel. intentional?
looking for an internship and a boyfriend
what type of internship?
i want kerry washington to deliver this hair forever and always, but to bury this dress in her backyard. -h
love the hair. the dress, not so much.
any idea what room were looking in lol
the app killed my comp.she is back inside the lr
you get what you pay for.
not if you steal it
we are currently monitoring a ddos attack against network providers which is affecting latency/connections to our games.
i got disconnected from a competitive match. will i be reimbursed? cash preferred....
alright, let's go, biggest week 2 storyline so far...?
jimmy g going down
sept 29, join me in 40daysofprayer hand2hand lets pray for r country and 4 mr trump 2 be r president
please notify me too so i don't forget
i'd like to say something encouraging, but every time i reach out to wayne he thinks i am being facetious or unhelpful :-(
because you use sarcasm. when people fuck with me, i want to stab them in the eye with a pen.
son lmfaooo nah watch this shit. im crying
duck in the red got me hollarin
a lot of christian siriano on the red carpet, which is great!! - loved the lemonade for angela bassett.
me and beloved were wondering: a) who is she? b) who dressed her??
didn't he? there's about 30 individuals thanked by the producers at the very end. i assumed those were funders, could be wrong
oh i meant to say did* it felt like the whole movie was shot on that money
back in the dirty d. hmu for good time
hello, can i get 1 good time please?
t you promised $5 million to charity if it were proven obama was born in the us. so will you now pay up?
quit living in the past it's not healthy.
i actually don't mind telling people where i thrift because 1) there's tons of goodwills &amp; savers 2) i have an eye for different things
ecothrift be taking the cake though.
not sure how i am blaine gabbert. but i know panthers damn near dropped a 50 burger.
you have no bars too. it's ok we both 1-1 :)
agnostic? i didn't ask your religion, yet you automatically assume evolution is a religious matter. it isn't. it's a fact.
agnostic is not a religion, you fucking moron.
"rebel children, i urge you, fight the turgid slick of conformity with which they seek to...
wow, whose quote?
i'm just glad i was asleep and didn't watch the hawks game. apparently you can't build an o-line from glue, duck-tape and straw.
rams can beat seattle and almost no one else, so weird.
just got this lovely note from a religious gentleman whose twitter bio begins, "god is the answer.":
such an upstanding christian... eh, nope. no, he isn't...
please fire bevell and cable tomorrow im sick of their prehistoric playcalling, schemes
do you want to switch with our oc coordinator? :)
nope, i'm going the other way... 1 hr content, see my first experiment more on the way
excited to see more.
best hummus in sf?
layaly in the richmond
my mother is going on a rant right now against minnie driver for some reason i do not understand.
fuck that bitch.
that dad couldn't be a bigger pussy if he tried.
okay so the voice is pretty questionable, but kid is in a wheelchair soooo... kinda justified
honestly, has absolutely ruined the red carpet. i do not care about why ariel winter deferred her college enrollment.
can you comment on claire danes and her tan please
frank ocean when ur cryin&gt;
don't cry u r sexy ok ily
which one of his quests?
i have memories of the grey right now, where i have to collect artifacts.
what strap is that ? looks good.
apple makes concrete but this is the far cheaper one from moko great so far.
where's that on? what channel?
i'm watching e! live from the red carpet...
i just want one date with cory booker. just a dinner and a little wine.
when he took me out on my date, he was strictly a tequila neat type of guy.
no worries i have nothing against trolling trannies
they poor dear is homophobic &amp; transphobic. bigotry like that is learned from the parents.
come play with us!
i love this
a ridiculous 3-day spree of bad luck has culminated in accidentally purchasing the ~*clean*~ version of &amp; i want to diiiiiiieeeee
ptsd flashbacks to sophomore world history 5th period, when i only knew the clean lyrics to missy's under construction
she lies to the fbi and to the american people and you say what. she didn't mean it. come on
she didn't lie 2 fbi, if she did she'd have been convicted. i get that she lied to public abt confidential markings but../1
oh haha okay
who got the popcorn maker?
all i need to know is hillary lied about benghazi to help obama win an election didn't answer 3 am call, isn't fit to lead
. listen agree this a circus of an election full of lies and speculation. "follow your conscious." your vote matters.
*grabs aj in a hug* not what you meant?
whoa whoa... are you saying aj's a detective?
when we meet up in nyc we'll find a tall person to look down on us and take our picture.
plenty of short people already look down on me.
lol the headline highlights how asinine this is
they are echoing clinton's position on snowden.
dude it was brutal!
got sent home for eating thai food and being an idiot
happy birthdayy beauty
thank you
feel like this with sex and food
also good substitutes
we might be going to war with germany
why you say that ?
i don't usually worry about that. those who are interested will watch. those who are not, i am not interested in them.
own that engaged ribbonfarm niche.
bin laden says hating american before it was even in style to do so.
check the ottoman empire and what winston churchill said about islam. don't blame a vet, shame on u lady
oh my looks incredible!
big glamour is always in fashion. go !
i'm a white, jewish heterosexual man and i hate myself, how have i not won an emmy yet
i am all of those things too!!
to the two people who stole stuff from me: the wheels of justice turn very slowly, but you're both getting caught.
now, i don't want them dead, mind you. i'm just mad as hell because i don't have what i paid for and a pissed faux capone in my only outlet
we married on friday the 16th , we dance the night away to constant craving.
this is love honeys. congratulations! !
you're writing a book, wow
yup! it been a long time coming.
because he's kind of dumb?
because they're cheap. you can believe anything, but knowing something requires some effort.
enough people loved the crap out of this that i think they'll be okay. history will be kinder than the moment.
but i still want to send them a thank you card
for the longest time i wanted to be part of an svu team, but the more i thought about it that's a lot to put on a person.
i cry watching svu and i don't think i could handle that.
tweet me any wrestling-related questions you'd like me to answer in tomorrow's q&amp;a video using the hashtag ! thanks!
is there any logical reason behind having enzo and cass lose to the shining stars?
terrorism implies a political motive. was it a dumb kid screwing around?
no. kids don't wire pressure cookers to cell phones.
lol i couldn't find the letter "h"
10 retweets and im gettin a harmbe tatoo
in a normal election, these 126 things would disqualify trump from becoming president:
actually don't need one racist that disqualifies trump, hillary clinton president
but the murders in this movie are fucking savage
the most impressive thing about this movie so far is that they actually made oscar isaac look 120,000 year old
what do you think of ryan callahan the analyst on nhl network?
he looks like he had his easter suit on
when i'm drunk, i'll cry at the drop of a pencil yes it's that bad.
can kaylene answe my dm on ig
what's eco thrift?!
it's a thrift store in hayward. prob one of the bests i've seen other than this one in sf.
can u point to exactly which of trump's plans do that? here they are now point :)
"retired medical debt collector" in her bio. she sucked the sick dry &amp; she dares to disparage trump? she's heartless
she didn't lie 2 fbi, if she did she'd have been convicted. i get that she lied to public abt confidential markings but../1
...her lies are far fewer than trump's - again i point you to fact-checker:
makes you or them think they could ever win? they+others are the reason the is dead
they are the reason i told the to pound salt when they called for money
happy birthday cutie
aghhhh thank you
what's eco thrift?!
cheaper too
clint brown bringing it early
- awesome!!
using integrate_targets would create a pods project you could compile and then use the frameworks as direct dependencies in xcode.
it prevents the original project from being modified, but now requires manual integration which could be tricky.
nigga matt ryan is ass. our defense was just ass. u gotta be joking if you really think matt ryan nice
400 yards and 3 tugs is ass
they won't vote for him out of a personal aspirations to run in 4 years, not for "beliefs"
you don't know that for a fact. i don't disagree w/you entirely, but trump isn't someone who belongs in wh.
the peer pressure
you gonna make me cry just don't bring kat williams's ass lol
batman: the animated series is all aesthetic
i mean....the writing is really good
i better get my visa/passport ready if trump becomes president..cause i have a feeling things are going to get very bad!!
though all we can do now is hope the tied will turn come november sis s.
gas prices are silently increasing. hmmm....
the gas station beside my building went from $2.21 to $2.35 in one weekend.
makes you realize how often what we think we want and what we actually need are very different things
everything really happens for a reason you just gotta trust the universe and trust the process even when it doesn't make sense
excellent taste there scott! i have to agree.
it could easily look matronly but not on constance. she worked it.
weddle's bio...inspirational words or threat?
he's suicidal?
go team north america!!!
good uniform combo!
i'm gonna come back all the time and we will always make chicken wing dip promise
we have an extra bedroom you can stay in!
the 7 best new bars in america via .com ~ great list from
thank you, lisa! cheers!
this is a lie my aquarius friends are worse than me
yea we pretty shitty lol
nope, one makes me gain weight...the other apparently makes me a horrible person
lol sadly idk which is which.
politically correct police union demands safe space.
...as soon as they discover the diff between an ak-47 and a subway sandwich on a kaiser roll
make la the best place to be by...making la into sydney? interesting photo choice...
ha! i don't recognise sydney but did wonder how the traffic looked well out of place. =d
just randomly thought of the time a girl tried swinging at me at a rave and eric smacked her hand down
i didn't even notice until after a few guys dragged her away lol
she filed paperwork. she's committed and serious, unlike some people who r just doing it as a goof.
fuck you. you're the goof. i'm putting myself as far as i can go with the recourses i have. this is why i muted you.
random thoughts thread. here we go.
currently watching season one while studying for my test
now that's how to make an entrance to the 68th . check out more red carpet pics with .
are u doing a contest?
anyone know any taco trucks that smack in the uc/newark/fremont area???
theres a taco truck i think and a taqueria down on whipple nearby target if you wanna try
tyvm 4the + 4the &amp;
tyvm; 4the + 4the &amp;
i don't think i have the patience to watch the emmy's tonight.
i just need a black twitter sounding call for when something pertinent to my body haopens.
they poor dear is homophobic &amp; transphobic. bigotry like that is learned from the parents.
it's sad when these young people r bigoted. you wonder where they learn that hate &amp; prejudice
penny lane is the absolute worst.
no, blasphemer! she's an adorable little pup pup ^.^ so adorable i had to immortalize her in cake
lookin' like a flaming hot cheeto.
she's floating eyes and teeth in a deluge of velveeta
washpost calls for prosecution of its own source (after accepting pulitzer). by
i have an explanation for the wapo's behavior that claims is madness. it's identification with the rules of the authorities.
guyssssswwww. this is were we are seating.. 1st row pit !!!! i'm not gonna make it out alive
i hope you guys enjoy the show!! say hi to our girls!! have the best night of your life
it prevents the original project from being modified, but now requires manual integration which could be tricky.
and now swift 2.3 and 3.0 versions adds another wrinkle to dependencies.
that sounds wonderful. hopefully you'll share a pic w' us when it's finished.
one pot stew by w/out the beans yum!
where are the emails, hillary?
grow up that's old shit you make people sick thinking about it she's innocent
can our bot post pictures? cuts hot damn this is twitter gold ... but a pic? classic!
pls add ability to tweet pictures to this bot ty
y'all my dreams are coming true: someone is bringing me to see beyonce. all hail queen b
ahhh you should bring lots of bees to the concert
i had a smurf collection, i just gave them 2 my little ones. u r a great mom, u love them &amp; it shows
- thank you so much!
pro-tip: don't dry your red hair on white towels...
thanks for the tip ;)
why is he not wearing socks? why is he bag engraved with her name in the spongebob font? im confused
who are these people
if nick cannon is corny, then shit sign me up!!!!!!
son stay scoring my g
thanksss morgyyyy
marry that boy
man i really liked uncharted 4
tis a great game
claire danes is very orange....i know she probably wanted a tan to pull off the gold dress, but....
maybe she's channeling *mp for some tv spoof?
maybe that's because you're a liar and a white supremacist! coward! won't put your name or face behind your hideous ideology!
im not putting my face on twitter which is run by the cia and nsa, lol, first time being called a white supremacist though!
scooting around sonoma @ sonoma raceway
you gals should start a biker gang
she killed the music at gen beauty this weekend
is such a sweetheart!
mrs nixon, who i have no love for, won the contest fair &amp; square. you want him to overturn that?
but in any event, the entire dem establishment fell in line behind her. she's their burden now.
wayne in france the driver's side is on the right. so there would be no reason to shoot into the "passengers" side...
dumb fuck, you're wrong. see the steering wheel. france is left side of the road, god you're fucking ignorant.
- that dress is so ugly.
...shaddap?
i'll have to check it out. how is it price wise
it's cheaper than savers and goodwill. i got 4 jackets, a shirt, &amp; a backpack for $17 in total.
me and beloved were wondering: a) who is she? b) who dressed her??
omg!!! is trump's daughter?? too much tan, woman.
i'm never gonna hear the end of this huh
probably since we didn't record u
why do i have 35 mentions ?
35? that's it?
is there still practice for the girls lax team @ pier 40??
practice is always on unless we put out a note saying otherwise. weather policy can be found here:
bestfriends boxes are always a1 trust me
ur shot out
his followers don't care. they see these other republicans as traitors for not jumping on his crazy wagon.
and they're hoping to purge the party and a complete takeover.
man...i kinda like that sinkhole option. take 'em both out at the same time. detroit would probably get a penalty for it though.
dude...where's my division.
that's dedication.
slightly creepy
split with the cards and didn't do themselves any favors.
that will be a 3 team race between those two teams and the ny mets lol
intro on the new mix is on point bro got me right in the feels lol
thanks alot dawg appreciate takin ur time out to listen to it
should be easy to find someone in marketing to look down on us.
the good news is we also look down on them.
ramen really gets you to a whole other level of full. excuse me while i pass out.
have you been to chuko in clinton hill? arguably the best ramen place in nyc.
yes i have ..blimey thats old tv though...
-it's on youtube "poison is queen" episode 4, i, claudius. everything is on youtube nowadays!
hello ty. it looks like you are enjoying the sky club. sit back and relax until flight time. *tp
i didn't catch the names of both gentlemen that were serving me (one guy was felix), but the jfk sky deck staff are awesome tonight.
currently watching season one while studying for my test
never really understood how people don't save money. spend it all, look fabulous yet you're still living at home with your parents
lawyer in season 4 of was arrested as a pedophile in season 2 i'm glad he turned his life around and got a law degree in prison
they did a bit on this at the tony awards where some broadway actor was on l&amp;o like 9 times.
whoa. awesome.
the magic of the internet! at least you didn't come up as 'miserable failure' like g.w.bush did!
your son's reaction to his jeep was priceless! i don't think he could have been more excited!
- he was so excited!!!
don't know what's going on behind the scenes but del rio is going to have to take over the defense. ridiculous.
he might have to come out and play defense...
i have an explanation for the wapo's behavior that claims is madness. it's identification with the rules of the authorities.
it's not journalism, but the rationale of the pro-punish editorials is that "he broke the rules." same for drug war defenses.
"studies have shown vote history is more reliable than self-report so we're going to split it 50-50". so close, nyt!
hey, it's not an nyt upshot/nyt upshot poll; honestly i think it's pretty cool they went this far
spending big in free agency never pays off. otherwise this guy would have like 3 lombardis...
was that really necessary?
according to liberal media word "bomb" is now politically incorrect.
every word is not pc for libs, their world is pc
you don't know my life so stop throwing accusations!
you called someone a trannie. it shows your bigotry and small mindless against transexuals.
use the word asshole, that's what i do.
thanks that would be a whole lot satisfying!
currently watching season one while studying for my test
1. never really understood how people don't save money. spend it all, look fabulous yet you're still living at home with your parents
getting crazy concert
i came back from trader joe's with my notifications on it was a great show last night
the writer missed mike carey's lucifer (and others), but it's still a good list. 10 great books featuring the devil
i just learned about this guy, "lucien," from star trek: the animated series.
the uk been getting no love with all this touring. what should we do about this?
another us tour
i wonder what my dog thinks about
she thinks you should stop looking at her and finish your homework
world's best cat, despite hard life before we found her, needs good new home asap-spread the word or get at me pls
: i may be interested. how old is the little tiger?
omg!!! is trump's daughter?? too much tan, woman.
whoever is john travolta's surgery i need that contact right now. this man never ages!!
many more black people died using their own voices renae... sit your white ass down and listen to them
who said i'm not?
when your power goes out 10 min before vis championship...
sorry, dude
agnostic doesn't address if you believe in human evolution, and that was the question, which, again, you've ducked.
so i don't believe in god and somehow you still think i dont believe in evolution? what a fucking moron.
oh those one yeah don't worry too much about those. they're not really story based. you can do them whenever.
i know that blackwall is lying, but that hasn't come up in story, so i kind of want that to be revealed first.
so the rams are 1-1 and have yet to score a td. we owners are concerned
how is the running back not scoring tds???
happy birthday miss you guys! sorry michael we don't have a picture
thanks al love you
it's not journalism, but the rationale of the pro-punish editorials is that "he broke the rules." same for drug war defenses.
"we have to kill all these drug traffickers and throw users &amp; dealers in prison because they broke the rules." that's it.
. says her dress makes her feel like a "fairy princess."
...where's our girl
only that fresh fresh
tell 3mty i'm on my way!
agreed. hhn is something i'll never have to worry about traveling to or getting a ticket for. is it time to watch hocus pocus?
hahaha i went twice. i secretly love the scare. but no.. i agree.. hocus pocus all the way
fuck memwmwme youre so hot omfg guys look at her bod
im blushing sm stop
it's really people out there that spent a year in colorado smh dorks
actually i spent a month in cali
but calling people fat isn't hate
honey people where helping you with food options. you're just a bigot, pure and simple.
i agree but i keep on the down low a bit , i'm a bit young for all that ! xoxo
i think they are more suspenseful than anything else
your sister says she is going to bite you next time she sees u.
go to bed. you're tired.
why does twitter hashtag suggestions try to spell hillary with one l?
lol but it knows how to spell , which isn't even a thing. !!!
don't dream it's over... we never wanted you to stop!
whenever i'm by your side dust from a distant sun will shower over everyone
what size i have these and haven't worn them
what ?! y'all the same size i'm pretty sure. what size are you
next week is october. what's going on.
the continuation of time and space. pretty fucked up
that openly threatens them, uses us leverage against them, and assassinates it's scientists.
i don't think they're doing this for fun. they're not feeling love.
every month it's an explosion or bombing
and it happened 1 mile from wea i was in the city yesterday smh never seen so many polices
not enough?
go for a fiver.
fantasy team fell short today
i had to put 4c in his place
. the reveal was so awesome and i hope philly r the town pariah!!
trust me, they will be.
you got the joke, right?
it feels like it has a couple levels ;)
this is my new book i bought at from imma learn how to handle humans
i bet it's well,written.
talking to one of my favorite writers earlier really just topped off how great i've been feeling about life lately.
had to shed a few happy tears while sitting in traffic.
good grief,so can anyone who reads your response, you're not fooling anyone. next,you'll delete and block
she can read just can't process the information
"we have to kill all these drug traffickers and throw users &amp; dealers in prison because they broke the rules." that's it.
i agree with that it's incredibly poor taste for a newspaper to recommend imprisoning their own source for whistleblowing.
what size i have these and haven't worn them
&amp; don't be tweeting me while im tweeting you
i always stalk my mary. even at wawa. lol...go eagles!!!
yeah it's a little scary.
haters gonna hate but i'm just gonna shake love to all x
love you always roxie, too hi from new york
dixie chicks singer calls country radio 'hypocrites' for trump support
didn't they already try this
well, it was a pretty amazing gift! :)
- i agree. my parents couldn't afford to buy me a car! i had $500 car that broke at every stop sign!
yes it really is!
so glad you agree!
omg i was thinking about this &amp; missing you guys! i flippen miss always punching eachother how r u ?
we all talk about how we miss you! i have no one to punch now the team isn't the same without you
i was just approved for my first credit card and the limit is $2000???? jesus
i've also been building up credit for two years without even knowing it, those student loans came in good for something!
we're watching lighter halloween movies tonight. starting with casper. i'm always amazed at how well this movie holds up.
i love casper. i always dreamed that one day my house would be that mansion
e6 doesn't want there match streamed so i'll be streaming
nobody is gonna steal their ue strats
why is he like this
he's perfect (purrfect)
speaking of, i noticed this calendar reminder i set almost a year ago
who will have a party though
old meets new hollywood glamour on kirsten dunst
one of my favs so far...
october is the best month and if you don't agree i'll fight you
fight me pussy
the most impressive thing about this movie so far is that they actually made oscar isaac look 120,000 year old
ironically enough michael fassbender is giving his best performance in any of these movies
trips checked
pre-trip checklist?
oooo i have not. i'll have to try it for sure. i went to ganso in downtown bk, v v good.
lets go there together! i've been wanting to go back. maybe next week? i'm out of town tue - sun. dm me l8tr. :-)
hi trying to reach ralph demicco to talk about efforts against gun violence. can u help me connect?
. sure thing, let me reach out to him. what email address is good for you?
yes it is!! just beautiful. thanks for sharing
yvw. there are some beautiful cactus gardens around here.
nigga was screaming before the punch was thrown
dude seen blacks and spanish cats bout to rumble and tallied up the violence in his head
i had the biggest crush on jesses wife becca she still looks good
jesse was dead ass my first love
wasn't me
it takes 4 hours to move it.going to save my tweets!
we applied for funding for 2500 senter road and for the st. james station developments. should hear back about awards soon!
where is st james station, 3rd? temp housing?
when an oath is broken, so should the future of the oath breaker. soldiers take oath's serious &amp; leaders must also.
yes, obama has broken every oath he took as potus. isn't that enough reason for impeachment??
winter 2017 its comin at ya (probably)
:( so far away... *goes into hibernation*
i'd like to propose that for the next five minutes everyone express their opinions on national anthem protests.....and then please stfu.
you should watch last week's south park
i still gotta run things for now, then we can go play.
about to watch again
since when is vaping cool?
it's sarcasm lol!
i got to meet a fellow 2016 pitch wars mentor in real life! great chatting :)
oh geez that was supposed to say mentee!
joe please shut up about all this steelers stuff talk about something else
so tell me what team u like by the way kiss my ass you loss your not a steeler fan
um can someone tell me why "bucky" from capt amer so unstoppable and why would they name a unstoppable man "bucky". please splain!
you weren't expecting an unstoppable man named bucky! that's the point =d
somali muslims harass an american citizen walking on the streets of minnesota. brought these "refugees" in.
are they saying they "hate gay people"? "gay is not natural"???
von stats impacts the game imo with watt i don't feel that way
bruh watt and miller don't play the same position anyway
this is silly. the fact that the airline allows you to recline your seat implies it is a reasonable thing to do.
or that the airline's handing you shitty seats in an attempt to get you to upgrade, &amp; you're complying with their profit models.
nice! which charity?
ronald mcdonald house
you don't feel the lack of headphone jack in the phone store, but the home button is the first thing you touch.
i find myself activating siri by accident but certainly like the haptic.
laverne cox is talking about how excited she is to meet beyonc and giuliana said she gets that because she just met jerry seinfeld.
i've always said there's very little difference between queen b and seinfeld.
we've got hundreds being murdered each year. police run amok. tens of thousands of kids at risk for lead poisoning. secret spying programs.
... is a desperate man these days. subliminal code-speak to sycophant copunion he'll take his loss hard
pastor jerry just put alotta pressure on my friend sonny
what did he do
they kool 1-1
yeah i know i wanted this one though we should have won this one
1. never really understood how people don't save money. spend it all, look fabulous yet you're still living at home with your parents
2. i like to shop (except for shoes) but if i feel like i don't need it, i don't buy it. simple. i get buyers remorse a lot.
yeah and key their cars.
and set their houses on fire.
cc: texans god's country, you say?
this is horrifying
secret's out, lol! what happened to the raiders?! thought it was gonna be the same game? (admittedly being petty)
go away y'all still lost both weeks!!
lil leo &amp; ...
such a cool kid great job dad...
dude, that's the ny post, have you seen what they right about obama? he has zero influence on them.
andrea has repeatedly said she was a dem &amp; would vote such. plus has paid 4 "journalism" before.
homie, tell raider fans to shut up with the mack comparisons , lol
i don't know any raiders fans homie
everyone watching football?
yeah getting ready packers vikings
labeling people as "nazis" rarely serves any good purpose.
if the article is right, that is. with press you can't be sure.
tonight i got my stuck garbage disposal to run again. i feel like the most powerful person on earth right now.
i bow before your mighty competence!
greatest advice i ever got, courtesy of the great coach, bobby finstock.
i find it hard to believe that the best advice you've ever received wasn't from big mike
man you already know the answer to that
facts ... let me know what you offer
dalton playing like pre-thursday fitzpatrick right now
were 2-0 against these bengals
five apples?!?
five million i was saying.....
spending a quiet day doing things i enjoy: magazines, chocolate, music, and an easy dinner.
hey, what's for dinner?
see you there
and you've seen it before...must be a sign of quality
the animation holds up so well considering when it was made. the humor and all holds up too.
i always revisit it every year. still makes me smile everytime. yeah it really does hold up so well
using google really well is an underrated skill.
i like to think of it as being an internet detective.
her children in the background wondering why you asked their mom for a pic...mess!
that was only 1/5 of here children. their dad died in a coal mine. sad story. we all donated money to help!
this i role most days. black watch, white band. i love this look.
yea the black on black really bugged me, especially since the shades were subtly different. contrast is the way to go.
same and don't you dare take me to a home depot i will break down
thank you but who are you exactly are you with the bad guys
white extremists are angry because supports non-whites - so easy to read it's funny
and even if it were true, i like her brand of slush fund better than his.
lmaoooo stop what the hell
like why is this a show lol
russians. soon we will start using up your pension fund to cover the budget deficit we made. thank you for voting for us again. good night.
-i think putin has already spent the pension fund.
i'm glad they're experimenting! just can't think of a methodological reason not to commit to it fully.
and yet literally no survey outside of the campaign world has done so
you gotta stop helping your mom with her fantasy football team lol
it was all her this week, i would've had walker in lol
but the causality question is interesting, too! "this stuff happens online now." is real, too, i think.
yeah, there's definitely a technological aspect to the shift, driven largely by the economy of the last 40 yrs
like spotting a unicorn in the wild
right!? i think i'd faint if did that.
this is the best bird.
a sci-fi movie sound board, now in convenient bird form
i want to be cam newton level famous so i can pull off can newton level fashion
he did not pull it off. he looks like he is trying to sell springfield a monorail.
some men are too fine to be complimenting me ... baby i'm mad fertile i will make you a father in a heart beat
i'm already a father
socraticjuan rustled me when i was very immature on ft. now that i've become an absolute lad i'm ready to take him on. prepare for your doom
what is ft?
happy birthday to one of the day one homies. live it brotha
ayyyy thank you brotha!!
any other excuses?
he had an ingrown toenail, a hair in his eye, and a stomachache?
delete this
what is ft?
you can't make this up!!! some guy shouts "hillary for prison!" in her face she replies "let's make it happen!" rt!!
thats how drugged up she is
well, yeah - just being snarky :-p
my anti-fanboyism of ou is no laughing matter :p
can we talk about tho
...quantico right? lovely dress
a room full of gratuitous inventions and negative improvements
that said i'd like a new mbp
what can i say, i just really love a naeem khan moment
i'm so happy you are back. and watching the .
if you're stressed, frustrated, and/or exhausted while doing something you love... you're blessed
or a parent.
no. she's really not. she's not even close. a skin-tone dress is nowhere near the same. how irresponsible. -h
shameful clickbait
anyway, we obviously won't agree but perpetuating theories that election was stolen creates apathy.
apathy was created by shitting all over the democratic process in the first place.
remember when we were meant to see them but you bailed? yeah me too
calm yourself dear
sue the people? how is netflix liable?
land of the frivolous
i just watched the flicker sober at moma (p much emptied out the theater), ama
why were you sober
lots of things! my title is project manager.
nice well congrats sir! i'm sure you'll help em out a lot!! try to bring some gow to umg events
dead ass almost got abducted.
was it cool
when you're busy and don't have time to take it, and not interested in the project.
you feel like those are the only conditions? experience can never pass you through a threshold where you don't have to test?
same bro we should be 2-0 and hope woodhead is okay
what happened to wood head ?? and should be but we aren't
bruh, it's kamaiyah and yg. i'm about to act like i ain't got no type of home training
that's how we like it
good to see melvin gordon finally play up to his potential. 102 rushing yards vs the jags and he now has 3 td's this season.
he just wasn't used enough or properly last season. kept sticking w/ weak ass woodhead. no choice now tho.
2. i like to shop (except for shoes) but if i feel like i don't need it, i don't buy it. simple. i get buyers remorse a lot.
3. so because of that, i don't shop much. would love to do so but can't. not when i'm paying off loans while still finishing college.
priyanka chopra is too hot to exist. her dress is literally made of fire.
also, how about that dress/carpet color matching!!!!!!!?
a's win though....... i kid. i kid.
why kid? yay for the a's and fans. it was a great week of fun for us. and kd with 40th hr. that's news worthy.
does this really look like the picture of good health???
drugs she is drugged up what can she say! disgraceful
be careful nyc. i love you a lot. i don't want anyone getting hurt. please. god bless.
people are crazy here ~.~
defense will get the blame, but offense also has issues. can't wait until the 4th quarter to put points on the board every week.
they should- end of the day offense put up 28 points.
a great cuff or two would have put this look to the point of perfection.
that's what i am saying!? looks a tad incomplete.
anal. is bomb, y'all missing out.
they scared
&gt; 30+ years. i started watching with my parents during breakfast.
not now, i hope, abc is 1 of the worst
oh i leave and these niggas start going out to eat and shit ahahah
lmao, my family be doing me like that too
. is all of us...
...hey doubles-doubles i just might key up your show on tonight, after the emmys right
trump is a racist/white power/friend of david duke. and twitter is run by both the cia and the nsa! quite paranoid!
trump isnt friend with david duke, and of course the cia/nsa run twitter and fb, anything u put out goes to their database.
lmaoooo...how could i make this stuff up...the bay area love is real...i won't lie tho, my knowledge of bay area music needs work
im out this convo .....lol
my wife thinks we may have been separated at birth!
you can't be his twin brother, that's him
but the chicken bake
i know it was from costco too!
"eight corsets, nine pairs of spanx" - on her outfit.
she should've gone for ten.
dodging these fuck niggas like...
that was so fake ifsb
if i have a free hour tomorrow, i'm going to try to call francesa to tell him that luck is the most overrated player in the nfl.
how dare you slander his beloved mistah luck?
left my apt twice all weekend &amp; i'm realizing the less time i spend outside surrounded by other humans the worse my social anxiety gets
went to the grocery store earlier &amp; when they asked me "paper or plastic" i nearly had an anxiety attack right there man people are scary
is this a form of victim blaming? there is responsibility in the decision to abuse a system
the government is not a victim of corporate welfare, it's a collaborator.
virtually no autism in unvaxxed who are 5x's healthier than
say you made 2 quantified claims there. have peer-reviewed evidence for either?
i can address this from an oral history/linguistics pov. but that's likely overkill for you.
if memory serves me, posted a blog entry on this. he is an audio pro.
not sure how stood next to john travolta and didn't crack one joke about him.
totally agree - full restraint
i don't know why i stay with when i can obviously be paying less for the iphone &amp; plan w another network. *sigh* decisions decisions
switch over. i'm with and love it. is getting better
ironically enough michael fassbender is giving his best performance in any of these movies
omg i can't believe they had sophie turner say "well at least we can agree the third one is always the worst". maximum shade
&amp; omg i know i miss being able to joke around bc im not comfortable with my new team to do that yet
i seriously can't last a whole year without you on the team
i agree with that it's incredibly poor taste for a newspaper to recommend imprisoning their own source for whistleblowing.
.'s written about cowardice of mainstream media failing to consider the public &amp; greater good for over a decade. same as 2006.
you cant see me
strong showing
tim gunn just said rami malek is "young but looking classic" and i was overwhelmed!!!
love it when my dad compliments my boyfriend in public!!!!!
i feel like i'm only seeing read receipts for dms now that i have ios 10?
i think it's generically new (within last two weeks). i got this when i checked dms.
i go every week, it is a bare necessity
i used to get it almost every wednesday, i miss it so much
definition of my heart
yea i know i been there
sarah paulson best dressed at the tonight imo
who's she wearing m?
tina slayyy on the red carpet in 2006 and 2016!
who is designer - love that green &amp; cut!
watching "coraline" and i have to say i wasn't expecting old ladies in mermaid/burlesque outfits to show up in this family film.
this was good. like, maybe all-timer good. mad i didn't see this when i was younger. neil gaiman still has yet to do wrong in my eyes.
whoever is john travolta's surgery i need that contact right now. this man never ages!!
a lot of yellow tonight, really a lot.
every time i fly, i unwillingly flash back to the langoliers thank you, stephen. no really you shouldn't have, i didn't get you anything
they eat dead time, you see.
yikes. the "tolerant" left. this was on instagram.
what a creep! as a trump victory grows more and more imminent, you can expect more viciousness coming out of desperation.
it's shameful to know you can't do s simple google many other sources as well go look
not gonna argue w/ a "deplorable" twitter name :-)) if u can't see difference btwn what trump did, don't know what 2 tell you.
3. so because of that, i don't shop much. would love to do so but can't. not when i'm paying off loans while still finishing college.
4. i'm also actively saving money to move out. it's going well
the lights are out in her head meanwhile he has golden and bright hair. like a freakin lion
don't underestimate the lion in winter!
a room full of gratuitous inventions and negative improvements
that said i could go for new mbp
thinking about saving up for a camera...
since i can't use my moms lol
one thing that sucks about depression is not knowing if youre sad about actual life circumstances or if ur brain is just playing tricks on u
it's a life time of work friend one day at a time
fuckkkk im really catching feelings
she's valid doe bro, that's wife type material
for context
but you made varsity! (sorry, that's all i got)
empty as fuck right now, so i can just chill .
you work in kitchens to man what a fuckin meme man
"late on sunday two senior law enforcement officials said they had identified a "person of interest" in the bombing"
the person of interest in the chelsea bombing has been identified as one sam hyde, a white sprmacist
he's a legend
son he's 20 for 20 fam
empty as fuck right now, so i can just chill .
how do you fit your so tall t_t
people tweeting critical stuff at the guys who made blair witch: stop being sociopaths.
but how will they ever know people didn't like their movie
you can't be his twin brother, that's him
those were some great episodes!
training camp about to start, preseason in 2 wks. bold predictions for the dubs?
they're gonna make a few 3's
i miss and it's her bday! happy birthday!!!
obviously the entire month is my birthday but tomorrow is when i'm officially ancient! sending you hugs x
got carted off knee injury
so him and kennan are both out ...
who's she wearing m?
no idea tbh, i'm fashion dumb
i celebrated messi's first goal vs bayern so hard that i didn't see the replay.. celebrated the second goal with like 756 claps in 1 minute.
what does ft mean?
has this been done before?
also, name who sings it
yep....can't get to the "root" of a problem!
and no help stemming the fascist surge.
got carted off knee injury
and didn't flowers get hurt ? but returned ??
until you think about what that means for their entire relationship. what else is he lying about? what other beliefs is he hiding from view?
as house says "everybody lies". distressing that it comes from someone you trust.
i had no idea. i need to check it out. i just stay by the water. that's why it really caught me off guard.
this 1 is in the jewel box area of capitola.
see this guys? made my day! ortiz &amp; his cockiness are outta here!
but its too little too late though he shouldn't have play at all this series
except in florida we still dying of a heat stroke
you shoulda been at the 50 cent signing today. i almost called him kanan .
umpire brian o'nora diagnosed w.concussion, per ap pool reporter. can't travel until he's cleared. said it was hardest shot in his 30 years.
likely compounded by a foul ball that stunned him in a nyy-royals game on 8/29/16.
have questions? tweet them to us !
where's my betascope invite? i've already filled the form out!
guys i'm kind of sick but i may go live later tonight on radar and just kind of lie in bed and listen to music with y'all
yeay! just tell us when and we'll be there daddy
@ i think he should
me too imma be down there sooooo
david amerson is in concussion protocol.
that isn't good god that means dj will start..
i don't have info on it. and i supposed you have to be asked/hired.
i have an in with the organizers . i'll put in a good word for you
raider fans said they had a top 5 defense going into the season
our secondary is ass.
i really like this picture i took of mccovey cove &amp; idk why.
waving from the golden gate bridge!!
living the couch life.
you and me both.
should i dye the tips of my hair red
please don't.
.'s written about cowardice of mainstream media failing to consider the public &amp; greater good for over a decade. same as 2006.
authoritarian robot logic: broke the rules. therefore he should obey punishment by authorities. end program. beep boop.
on a happier note, today i saw my two favorite dogs right near each other. zoom if you need to smile.
mostly zoom on the white blob on the left
dear anna chlumsky, your stylist obviously hates you.
why vada, why?
so the corey feldman thing... i just can't wrap my head around this being completely earnest. with this album art.
the what now?
more info here:
in north san pedro, that's great, i forgot about that site.
german chancellor merkel's position has weakened - given her party's setback in berlin vote
get out of her butt fool!
i can't be mad. wanted a win obv. but saw good things from several young players. worry about any qb behind that ol. can't win w/o a qb.
i mean, it's not just the ol. this is mccown -- he holds on the ball waaaay too long
kerry! that hair!
right now that everyone is doing it.
or maybe it's because garoppolo is just a good qb?
plug god damn joe montana in there right now he'll throw 25/30 367 yards 3 touchdowns and maybe a pick
but i think woodhead will come back we need him for that game against the colts
you ain't kidding and especially with oliver out
need to find an inexpensive (natural preferred) daily face wash/scrub that won't dry out my face.
aww man, then you will love our products. we would love to get you a sample exfoliate and moisturizer. all natural!
watch how harp music and a serious car accident led to brian eno's another green world
legit i had no idea and it's one of my favorite records
good looks bro, i'm out there next week
my guy u already know when u toucjdown papa
the neckline bothers me.
it could have been so much better
// good grief! more content and distribution now than ever. in 1999 there were 26 prime time shows. now over 500!
still, so and i keep browsing netflix and streaming channels with no idea what to watch next!
del rio said he took over defensive play calling for norton on last series
wasn't much better
when you wake up one day and realize you are carol burnett's doppleganger.
i thought that was ur mom
the problem is the simpsons are kind of killing their own legacy. i'm not saying all the new stuff is awful...
yeah i don't disagree. but it's a good argument for the high point for american animation.
feelin like the rc game belongs to kerry washington and the stranger things kids
hon. mention to alia shawkat for looking like someone i would take to the actual sun on a date
lol why bro
why red?...
ah. then i'll let the pros handle it.
no worries, appreciate you chiming in as the gentleman in q may find stan's music-oriented take to be overkill.
and set their houses on fire.
hmm, maybe "surprisingly short and violent" as twitter bios?
what kind of world do you want to live in by the year 2030?
the worldwewant2030 bring voices to people who need to be heard with social media or verbal. a world that everyone is successful.
lmao then you definitely don't need these problems
about to get a puppy and call it a wrap
everyday i need to eat a portion of raw vegetables and lay in my bed consuming no media for ten minutes while doing a natural face scrub.
my type of girl. i know the exact scrub that will appreciate you taking the time out for yourself!
wiley turns 21 on tuesday... that means i turn 21 on tuesday
good luck with that one
would sf giants fans still invade citi field for a playoff matchup
oh absolutely, a few years ago they were in pittsburgh for a playoff game
my neighbor told me that whenever he asks how i'm doing i respond with a long sigh that envelops my whole body that lasts for 30 seconds.
...which pretty much sums up my outlook on life.
i'm sorry you did babe, hope you have bounced back though
much more physical issues than mental! i'm okay, bod is still adjusting a little, thank you so much though ugh
if flyers cared about better seats &gt; lower prices, airline model would reflect that. but flyers shown price matters more.
maybe. but you're defining your "reasonable" by airline profits, not human compassion.
- "clinton"supporters in a very broad use. dt used it to egregiously delegitimize the first black pres. you should be outraged
-actually you've got to interact with those r that think he traveled the easy road. affirmative this. nothing deserved.trumped
honestly that's gonna be the thing i'll miss most at sp prolly nothing else
the irish blessing &amp; stella's breakfast sandwiches
hahah yes!! i love bread..but i'm probably gonna have sweet potatoes for dinner
do you eat anything else than sweet potatoes
yeah, my favorite mvc2 theme too
i prefer thidms ost over mvc3 ost.
some larries are acting like they're pediatric doctors now and they know everything about babies. when will y'all stop?
i'm a larrie and i think it's stupid that some larries think they know everything about babies like chill
i've got 12 on stl for a playoff berth.
that's what i thought it was
hon. mention to alia shawkat for looking like someone i would take to the actual sun on a date
wow that was easy. time for bed!
hmm, maybe "surprisingly short and violent" as twitter bios?
then it won't be a surprise anymore.
has anyone played on the concord ddr a? it's accessible by bart...
i'm pretty sure at least and have. probably and too
hand update: my two medium-sized blisters have fused to form one gigantic blister. a blister king if u will
want me to bring u snax
lololololol couldnt get better than this
someone is gonna top it, everyone is on fiyaaah today
damn bruh this raiders game is killing me and on top of that its hot as fuck
you there ??
in 48 hours i'm seeing and my parents had the audacity to tell me i should sell my tickets to make money...sorry they're priceless
best show i've ever been to by far and so worth it. jealous wish i could go again!
why does have -3.6% in red?
they lost 3.6 points of share qoq from q1 '16 per
gordon is doing good but can't do it himself
derek watt is helping out a lot ... idk man we need someone in the back field with this dude or we are fucked...
of course thank you happy b day kid
love you guys
is lakeisha dead? yes or no? i just need to know.
still trying to figure this one out. did u watch the latest episode??
when anyone asks me to pay for anything
i can pay u in bwocks
we married on friday the 16th , we dance the night away to constant craving.
many blessings and happiness to both of you. cobgratulations !! is
driving now with stuff. not all machines but most.
is the dodge yours?
i agree; but that doesn't excuse the behaviour of the individuals behind the corporate decisions.
i mean, if they're playing by the rules and we don't like their actions, we should blame the rules, not the players
i never mentioned putin you tool! i mentioned your lack of respect&amp; class toward a usmc mom, women in general
you obviously don't know she was praising putin- your bad. you good w/a mother of a marine praising putin?
all my roommates are silently doing homework all around me and here i am muttering 2 my dog
about how wonderful she is
in the pits with for the sonoma grand prix thanks to
it was.... the pits!
i was going to be productive and do my school work and clean my room after work but i had a shit day at work so i came home and napped
best four hour nap of my life tho
gary johnson is a strikingly unimpressive politician
"i thought it was an acronym" about the center of an epic humanitarian crisis is not a kind-uncle-chuckle situation.
tbh i saved the same picture xd
lol great minds!
do you still need one for columbus ?
yup. are you looking for a team??
we are all family ! join trump family,we the people family !
this is my family, and im sooo proud!!! maga!!!
i agree; but that doesn't excuse the behaviour of the individuals behind the corporate decisions.
we want to live by a set of laws, not a code of decorum
you signed tyga to good music when there's people like this singing in the bottom of subways
i really watch this every single time it's on my tl
start screen menu design. thoughts? i think 2nd and 3rd screens maybe *too* minimalist?
maybe some light wireframe-esque designs drifting in the background? could be tricky to pull off without interfering w/ text..
football twitter
is that like an account or just people who just like football on twitter?
new tv show casting rt !! sept 22nd 5p-9p harlem ny
new tv show casting rt !! sept 22nd 5p-9p harlem ny
mute is such a blessing. they just keep on ranting into the void.
amen to that sir.
waiting for my invite with like
sorry, thought you guys were in la.
thanks matt, you did such a fantastic job, i couldn't be more pleased :)
i can't wait to see it either! :d
please tell me there's a "must-play" like eli manning again next week.
he threw for 350 yards just didn't get in the end zone, don't kid yourself he had a way better real life game than cam
no u have not. thx so much
its pretty neat
can't wait to get tf out of this country
wait, where you headed?
umposeries my kiddos really enjoyed the show last night they said everyone did an...
the pleasure was mine! what a treat?! to sing and dance for the original queen and her beautiful fam!
watch it seattle! your soon gonna beat out san francisco on pat roberton's most evil city.
this is the kind of real hero they will never be. he sacrificed for their freedom.
seems like we're all in the same meme
this is true,only difference is i work from like 5am-1pm now because i just open our restaurant i hate fucking closing
he threw for 350 yards just didn't get in the end zone, don't kid yourself he had a way better real life game than cam
process over results
. 2-way national daily tracking of likely voters: trump holds lead: 47.62% over clinton's 47.01%.
i wsh i could find just one better reason to vote for trump. but he's just a showman that the gop has hung their hopes.
so scary ...madi text us about this last night! so glad you are safe &amp; you had a nice uber driver
hahah yesss it was for sure scary, i had to call madi and tell her every detail of course
the name's lanley. lyle lanley.
there aren't a lot of perfect things in this world. but that tweet is one of them. dying over here.
add your name now to join the millions of americans who are with hillary all the way to the white house!
lol lol lol her own husband isn't with her.
don't tweet and drive, wth?
i'm not. i was preparing to drive. i am at work, i periodically have to make deliveries.
sf has some pretty amazing stuff. are you born and raised here?
negative, born and raised in the midwest. but doesn't distract from my love for this city, and my love for living in it.
who won nut
stevey and some other dude
sisi and trump to meet tomorrow in new york based on media reports egyptian president abdelfattah el sisi and...
the trump mtg is impt for sisi if trump wins.with hilry not so much bc he knows she will ignore him as obama did
4 shows in 3 days! an awesome week. shoutout to for an amazing gema rocks vii!
wats up tommy!! miss you on with &amp;
besides, isn't obama supposed to be a terrible president? it would follow that trump would want him working as little as possible.
ouch. it hurts when you follow these things to logical conclusions.
last day of the emperor's treasures. work can wait.
correction: emperors'
i can't tell....
this again!!
i'm the worst
wait..does that mean mac and cheese is up for grabs? !!!!!!!!!
hi alessandro. i'm with cbs news. could i get your permission to use your video on our broadcasts? hope you are safe!
hi katie! yes, no problem! around 9pm i listen a big explosion from my apt. i'm good and very lucky, every day i walk on 23th..
got a couple bred 1's "banned" size 8, 9.5 &amp; 10. taking offers
1000 for all. dm if works
bro why i got a big ass head
word my shit big af
wow ! let's see , read your fantasy land in daily news. what's up with all the bench players scoring double digit pts ? lol !
not all of 'em, but maybe i provided bulletin board material!
w h a t is jeb doing there
honestly, good bit
i'm too high for this lol i'm watching jungle book and the fact the animals talk is making me geek
i think it's the way they're making them talk
i have no comment to make at this time.
i'm going to pay for this later, ain't i?
if you'd gone to uni with buckfast mick you wouldn't be boasting. 40 ! he looked like that at 18!
ha ha it's a hard life! someone has to do it!
........ who are you...... what did you do with megan?!?!?
sue me i think it's rad when people just do them
i asked and my mum said i can
you can what
oh ok you don't understand what i'm saying please show me where i'm fat?
sweetie at this point it's your transphobia that is so alarming.
was pretty shocked 2 b honest. i know a lot of ss r over-scheduled or over-schedule themselves but this sounds like resentment.
i think a lot of pressure is put on by parents, and teacher expectations don't change. ss caught in the middle
it's birthday. she's the best. this was our birthday tab yesterday and a pic where we look normal. xo
why. how. what. stop being beautiful. you two are amazing
i'm really happy for you. if i could hug you, i would. such a huge weight to have lifted off your back. the future belongs to fi.
awww yay! thank you so much. virtual hugzz. woo!
sighting! !
sighting! !
live on : taking a shower w/ iphone 7
apple finally has their scoble moment
the winner of our tweetdraw is:
dm me , you have 24 hours
it's ok bro gurley will do better
bro that's two weeks in a fucking row both of them fucked me over
i've been there a few times, yeah
sweet! it's 20m away for me. i will check it out
thanks for the info! what's happening with facetime? do you get errors making a call? does it quit before you can try?
my screen turns black after it connects . you can't see anything , you can't hear anything.
too big to flail?
this is pretty incredible. obvious, perhaps. but great, straightforward context. /cc
it is with a heavy heart that we share the news that dorothy cann hamilton, icc's founder and ceo, died in a car accident on september 16.
heartbroken. incredibly sad. dorothy cann hamilton changed our lives and are hearts forever.
obviously the entire month is my birthday but tomorrow is when i'm officially ancient! sending you hugs x
hah! well happy birthmonth then
it was too hot to do anything today, so that's exactly what i did.
me and you both. i saw how nice it was and hid inside all day.
hmmm maybe haha but potatoes are my fav
i need all those desserts now
it's birthday. she's the best. this was our birthday tab yesterday and a pic where we look normal. xo
also i fucking love your hair erica and am so jealous
what's ur skype... i got us signed up
my skype is o_peiramas
here it is. freakeh...
is it an invasion?
epic burger in the hood
the proportions are rather epic, agreed
what's ur skype... i got us signed up
add me quick
happy birthday love!
thank you cutie!
ah. well sir u can't get no dick.
i don't want no dick from that ...
who you guys got for best dressed? i have emilia clarke, em ratajkowski and sarah paulson in a three-way. as it were.
. sarah paulson, kristen bell, priyanka chopra. bonus: jeremy maguire because he's owning the tux+cape
you sure you are talking about the right person?
yeah positive don't question me before i dad slap the shit out of u max
goes both way bruh quit crying lol we kept up wit em if u watched
nigga shut up lol. ain't no moral w's for loses. lost by 20. shut up
happy birthday beautiful
thank you so much pretty
can pameranez get me 8 pts tonight he could send me to the championship game
not sure of your scoring system, he needs run support
what was the dollar amount you donated? please advise.
privacy is paramount.
1/ to generate cash, paths are ipo, sale or profitability/distributions. latter is pretty much non-existent in vc
m&amp;a is most common outcome after donut, though not highest dollar weighted
pls send me pics of your own cats. it brings me eternal joy.
girl this me and my cat, miss kitty
yikes! i hate those things, the way they wobble... i dreamt the other night i saw one fighting with a lady bug.
they make camping challenging. them and the bears.
i just matched with my ex on tinder, and i kinda hate myself rn
stop using those fuck shit apps you doofus
the pic i took suits every caption
you can see the pics from my binder lols
but i kinda want justin to chill before going on tour again.
he doesn't start his 2017 tour until feb
what the fuck lmao
this was so gross
don't need no butterflies when you give me the whole damn zoo
don't need the whole damn zoo when i have you
so is lakisha dead or...?
let me know what you think after tonights ep
i really love you but i gotta live it up
damn those are fire words who said that
"all our can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." walt ... (vine by )
i believe in dreams and yes, all our dreams can come true. i this very much.
'makeup isn't art' ok what do you call this
already saw this today but still love it
2/ most m&amp;a's are not meaningful to a traditional venture firm. that said firms have diff approaches
a non-0 outcome makes a major difference actually, firms that control downside losses get more upside on big hits
the rams did not beat the seahawks, the seahawks beat the seahawks
injuries beat the seahawks
lots of missed opportunities but the win!!
scratched my head on that 4th down in the 1st but ill take the 16-13 win. need to capitalize on those opportunities! 2-0 start!
broc and i have been to the movies two nights in a row
movies are cool
better question: where was fc????????
like, where was he tonight (home) or in general (earth) or right now (next to me, editing a thing i wrote)
i never mentioned putin you tool! i mentioned your lack of respect&amp; class toward a usmc mom, women in general
i also find it odd you accuse me of not respecting women- trump is sued for violently raping a 13 year old.
i'm so scared that something bad is going to happen my birthday weekend or the week after and i'm just so sad
no bc we're going to skyzone
yaaaaaas. that's it...we're related.
practically brothers!
whats your favorite thing about &amp; favorite quote
when you figured that you can have happiness even if you may depressed. it's okay to not be okay.
anyone else think sonoma is an underwhelming venue for a finale? double points should be a super speedway last race
it's a good place for sponsors, san fran near by
lmk how you feel about ep 11
holy shit this ep
isn't the airline profit reflective of human preference? if customers happier with no recline, airlines would disable.
this presumes that people can afford the travel they need in luxury. they may not always be able to.
basically what i've been eating for the past couple of weeks cause celebrating my birthday
when was your birthday?!
the tab was a nice gift! thanks love! i think you could do the yellow.
dude, legit, when i land a job... i want to try it!
my dad has on the ac on tundra cause i'm wearing a parka to stay warm in my house rn
rip to those outside rn
gonna be happy! please don't take that away from me
i know i don't want to lol
actually if u want to destroy america vote hilary/soros. trump 2016!!'
bro...do you honestly believe soros is the only one giving money to campaigns? uses donations to pay his debt
is my absolute favorite housewife. love, love, love.
- thank you samantha!!
let's not forget about this glorious picture
wow melanie... youre not as innocent as you look.
omfg i already said i have someone transexual in my family and i love them
yet you use the word trannie as an insult? do they know you use that word?
is lakeisha dead? idk why i feel like that
tommy canceled that chicks christmas lol
"yo pussy gold. no nvm that shit platinum " awwwww
that pussy copper
stylist presents a new tv show secure your slot for casting call thurs sept 22nd 5p
stylist presents a new tv show secure your slot for casting call thurs sept 22nd 5p
isn't the airline profit reflective of human preference? if customers happier with no recline, airlines would disable.
if i have to get to my father's bedside before he dies, i may not be able to afford good seating at the last minute.
. hooker put thompson in contact with posey.
it would be helpful if could list exactly what vax safety legislation posey has gotten enacted cc
nice pussy wayne
i love pussy cats, i just like putting one or two on my face and let them purr.
. nominee mahershala ali looks ready for the red carpet!
is that remy ?
riiiiiigggghhhttt lol, 90% of the time it's actually your fault lol
lol actually if you think about it it isn't my fault
biggest miss by bettors today? 81% of the $ at the 108 william hill books had seahawks covering a 5 1/2 point spread vs rams, lost by 6.
they 5.5 pt favorites right?
i briefly gave a child my camera.
honestly thought you were calling abe a child and i was like whoa mean
well in case of a explosion i get people wants to get home asap. why making it more difficult by charging more?
charging more actually makes it easier. we only raise price when simply not enough cars for 1x paying riders.
i benched wilson this week and i knew i shoulda benched todd
i wanted to so bad but i had faith in this bitch now i'm 0-2 because of them fuck !
/ that is how we got gw bush. a presidential election should not be used for a protest.
i don't think hrc's policies are that far away from bernie, but i got attacked for saying it
rolling around in the leaves is always fun.
too much brick, not enough leaves
but i'm bored lol
read a book
says the man who lost the 1st round of the tournament, just to turn &amp; call himself the king. pure hypocrisy.
defeat is the serect ingredient for success. it wasn't my night to win but i am humble in victory or defeat unlike yourself.
actually if u want to destroy america vote hilary/soros. trump 2016!!'
here's what's destroying america - dummy's who try to make complicated problems into "2 word" solutions
oh well then what's the issue
the issue is he's fucking a granny tranny and think someone want that hairy pussy
sterling shepard is so overrated.
so about that...
jeb bush taking the piss out of his own campaign was epic btw.
btw the dude from game of thrones is so orlando bloom ish.
when side a ends nd you contemplate whether or not u really wanna get up and flip to side b
still haven't flipped that record over to side b
at this point where's karl joseph? why did you draft him for r we grooming a fs? didn't know that was the new qb position
still not even a yr since his acl surgery
you notice the libs and media are now calling islamic terrorism "international terrorism" instead? oh those libs and their climate change.
they are so far gone it's scary! wake up america!
waiting for to see this
that is amazing!
python oauthlib is the best i've found, sticking very closely to the spec (which is not good).
trying to use that but the abstraction isn't overly clean
fuck you can tho....your baby will fall
wtf!!!
this is easily one of my top 3 best dressed of the night!!!!
she looks gorgeous
baby's first mortise and tenon
next step: a forbidden city of your own
i briefly gave a child my camera.
honestly though, these shots are really good, wtf
o shit waddup
this is crazy.
tevin coleman has now outscored devonta freeman in back to back weeks. atlanta's backfield is now a committee, folks.
freeman had more work and was more effective this week though
better late, than never! thx a million, you guys!
that tank is !
taking shots on gfuel... (warning do not try): via
hey whatsup guys it's faze blaziken here and i suck at titling youtube videos
while i'm waiting here at the airport can someone help me out with an online link to watch ?
im sure you can watch it there
it is outrageous.
oh hey found her secretary.
im honestly about to unfollow everyone
once i get back on the scene im ridding my life of half/non-supportive beings.
nah trust me about gurley, it's not like they aren't feeding him, but wilson is a different story
it's not that they're not feeding him it's the fact that the rams o-line is fucking shit
i am realizing things
i thought too!!
i work at a continental restaurant so i could have the chefs make food but i don't want a burger. i think i need lo mein
thats better than diner food
why am i not kit harington's date at the ?
please, please let twitter bring this to you as well.
ohana means family. family means no one gets left behind or forgotten! mickey's ready!
okay cuties
42nd st with the sis
wow looks sooo good enjoy, from where??
who wanna smoke trees w me
what's up what u on
agreed. trad vc firm has 15-20 per fund. 40-60% are meaningless so when you need 63x total and you generate 3x is not good
3x is actually very good on the overall fund, majority of funds don't hit it and don't raise again
that tank is !
it's a gem all right
my mom, she don't ever pick up.
lmaoooo that a fact but it'll be that 1 time she do answer
wtf?? takes sleepy hillary over 30 hours to release a statement on terror attack
she just doesn't care.
whaaa ppl and these rumors
so your hole isn't deep it's just shitty
poolside w/ my love sashasiefman at the acehotelnola @ ace hotel new orleans
baddest latina in my books!
join 's &amp; for with &amp; tomorrow @ 1pm est!
i'll b watching cause cracks me the hell up n
3x is actually very good on the overall fund, majority of funds don't hit it and don't raise again
of course we don't hear about them
i agree totally but it didn't happen so it did spoil his legacy . i think back to rafa' team and it was amazing
yep, they were, at some point i need to let it go, about half of our fans wanted him gone..amazing to me
bitch you somewhere in the sky's right now i'm just waiting for you to land home
guess who's home baby girl
. has come back to mine drunk as balls and is now sprawling all over my bed. fab.
could be worse: one of 's flatmates once came in pissed and wazzed on the carpet in his bedroom...
is donald trump a racist? here's what his record shows
yes! he has been one all of his life b/c that's what his father taught him to be.
i asked you about evolution, you responded w/ your religious [non]beliefs. you linked the two. most scientists do believe n god
why would you ask me about evolution?
team north america but not one country aside from canada and america smh
name one mexican hockey player
this is not correct. we at have been doing voter files polls since 2010.
not what i was talking about; have you been using modeled turnout scores?
limu shoyu, you are my new favorite thing
it was very very good. takooooooo
pittsburgh would've started him along side wit mike mitchell smh wrong team tho
man are defense ass rn
louis is carrying his baby in a baby carrier and the larries still find a way to make that a "sketchy" thing i cant
i'm a larrie and i think it's stupid that so many larries just over-analyze this shit
north-african curry chicken thighs and chickpeas. recipe-testing for my blog and this one is a winner.
i'm never not cooking with harissa ever again. life's changed. many shoutout to you! xxx
aaron rodgers gotta show out for me tn baby!!!
lmao as the reigning champion is 0-2 bro the luck i've had
don't tell daddy beyonc what to do
zhshdhd can you just not
scuttlebutt is it's from middle down, very top is toxic to it.
but obvious conscious effort for last 5+ years to tell more kinds of stories about more kinds of people while staying in-brand.
it was on september 13
well happy belated birthday! since i don't use instagram i wouldn't know
they lost lol
i know lol but it was a good game.
ooh tonight is awards show twitter night
ooh weird. i'm on the west coast so it's awards show twitter afternoon!
cuban pete's is easily one of my favorite restaurants. great food and amazing service.
their tres leches
sometimes i don't believe in this philosophy /:
i know :( its really hard to especially when things don't turn out the way you'd like them to
don't you miss owning any physical books, mementos, second pair of shoes?
yes. but then i catch myself, think about it, and figure i'm just as well without those things.
follow up: what's the best easter egg you created that ended up in production?
in an enterprise application i built in 2005 named elvis. under help&gt;about showed a gif of elvis doing a shimmy.
tryna get loaded , sup w you
boutta be headed back to the mo rn just went up there for sum shit ... imma hit u when i'm back
thanks for sharing such a special milestone with us! happy birthday, matthew!
couldn't think of a better way to spend it &amp; when it goes hopefully on tour and comes to orlando, i want 2 see it again!
i work at my job sm i have my own hotel room there..
can i use it to fuck in
lmao this pic
my mood tbh
interesting idea. most cos have codes - j&amp;j has the credo. phrma implemented gift giving guidelines yet sunshine act. too late?
never too late...
many more important stories to cover tonight ..but judging by the sunday shows.. this write-thru seems of interest:
look bret, no mystery, when hilry was slipping in2008 her campaign and husband went low on obama and hit the edges of muslm bakgd
definitely not the cutest :p
but is so cuuuuute :3 *holds up matching pairs for the nub butts*
i feel like this really god plan. thank god for the medical redshirt. two more years with cuse instead of one
good news!! also gets you bach degree and maybe even more for free.
tell me i have a curfew
dinner is at 9 sharp lol
the guy who voiced zorak passed away.
i saw the picture of croker and was just like.... oh no......
is this the only citation you have?
if you had bothered to look at the citation you'd've seen its a systemic review cc
the guy who voiced zorak passed away.
that fucking sucks dude
i know todd will get better but i need points nowwww lol
facts i needed points last week today he better give me points next week
in that situation, you care far more about your arrival time and price than seat comfort, which is reflected in outcome.
see, and that carries the rather uncomfortable assertion that you can afford everything you care about in emergencies.
niggas always wanna say "i'm not a regular nigga"... stfu &amp; please get the fuck out my way, i'm late.
the nigga u chasing regular too beloved
goshhhh i don't think she was talking about mexicans lmfao!!!! hahahaha
lmao now i'm mexican?? smh
look at this beauty
i love you so much babygirl
fuck russell wilson
yeah he's been struggling on the o-line..hope he bounces back!
well, what did you all learn today?
injury monster hates sd
you're all terrible roasters
but my destiny was to be a toaster xd
ah ok. i thought this was the old "why don't the media use rbs" thing.
no, there have been at least few--surveyusa has done a few, you do them, lat/usc does it, probably others
hope mr ellison takes the stage first. i don't have so much time, i need to catch the ace dinner :)
he never does.
i think it's on. kasich with a left hook in round one...
lets hope he can secure an ohio win for hrc
lmao why all this hostility? i said you could watch bro
nah i have to be able to touch her and slap her with a dick
one of my favorite parts of halloween decorating is putting out books for my spooky ghost guests!
ooo is that pumpkin garden grown?
what kind of food?
oh we ended up getting chinese take out lol
lmaoooooo what kind of pussy shit was that!?
lmfao wassup though talk your shyt
president obama: low black voter turnout would be 'insult to my legacy'
exactly what is he saying his "legacy" is ??
auston technically
bruh he was born in cali
my dad has never seen me this way &amp; it breaks my heart more ..
telling him everything made me feel so much better but it breaks me how he see's me go through this ..
how's that ride to foxboro or where ever it is? i hear traffic is a bitch, true?
it was bad but i've seen worse. hardest part was getting out of parking lot but once we did it was steady.
trying so hard to keep it on country \_()_/ so: zach brown band "chicken fried", dolly parton " i will always love you"...
johnny cash, "ring of fire"
red-hot take out the brooms and now sit alone atop the nl .
i mean it's the twins lol
don't miss the ace dinner.
definitely i won't... see you there, save a glass of wine for me
has the new okcupid account been successful in you receiving sex from women? please advise.
it's only 48 hours old. yes, i just need to go unwrap the package. to busy.
what's left of love is dangling somewhere.
unfortunately i dont think there is much left of love. at least not love for others.
man this commentator is drunk
which, the aussie? good bet i reckon...
good thing hagravens aren't real
ugh. the gnarliest creatures
is this the only citation you have?
the strongest form of evidence because, you know, it reviews all published literature cc
we lit for no reason...
that's not lit that's annoying smh y'all didn't have any home training
you're an embarrassment to the collins name
for someone who knows so much about dfs ur being extremely results based rn
people unfollowed me so i'm not at 200k anymore lol
you did it to yourself homie you shoulda known ab the haters
chip in? do you really think money will have help you to face the ? woman! you are about to be x-ray'd
you will need more than money. maybe a clone with a working brain?
didn't the comet send 99% of all species to extinction including most mammals and devastate the planet for eons tho
election 2016: some people just want to watch the world burn
y'all know what it mean when a female wears two rings on her finger one up high n one down low???
means she is gay????
"i'm gonna be sick" - on twitter
that's the old twitter alan.
what time are the oscars on
tooth thirty
so u have a girlfriend and he wants a threesome got it
4 sum ace u part of it i'm paying by the hour lmfao
fucked around and got sunburned
this is how i'm gonna look giving people ice cream today
but if it's on-prem, is it truly cloud? could be a great idea and great tech, but it sure doesn't feel like cloud.
sounds like old fashioned intranets, doesn't it?
i'm vietnamese , born in vietnam . vietnamese was my first language , but the papers i write for my english class will blow your mind .
you mean mind blown and split in two halves--american/vietnamese?! /;o).
watch . he's brilliant!
oh really? i didn't even know that show started yet
i'm taking all ass whipping applications from 158-160 cool sunday
i know he's ur guy,but u vs canelo in msg in dec make the most sense to make and all action
though all we can do now is hope the tied will turn come november sis s.
i'm praying and crossing my fingers..there is no excuse for trump to be the next president..i didn't even loath the bush's as much
migrating open source projects to swift 3 has taken a large amount of my time and attention this past week. it's felt exhausting at times.
i've really enjoyed it though. mostly been reviewing pull requests, or answering issues by encouraging them to submit pull requests
nigga go back to sucking dick. that's your ministry bro. stay in your lane
i don't suck dick i paid too much for my lips
thank you so much!
you should also totally thank for getting the two of us together via the network.
cbf to open up for act of defiance -
u guys ever here of the band the last ten seconds of life?...
is this the only citation you have?
but of course you know that because of you extensive study of vaccine safety lit, cc
where did he go
that man is lost in the sauce
judy sim forgot to mention with and at as independent media doing live broadcasts.
are they doing their own ? that was a ton of fun!
bought a 5 speed van the other day. needless to say, things are about to get lit
can we paint it a colour that isn't so....rapey
hey! i just started a profile on gigmasters. i invite you to check it out and share your feedback in the comments...
i've booked lots of folks on that site!
is jeb bush going to have an al gore-style post defeat comeback in comedic cameos?
i didn't realize i wanted that but now it's all i want
that's the best gif hehe and thanks! i rarely use twitter nowadays
my life is too exciting for instagram. i don't want people to be overly jealous
only i would lose in all 4 of my fantasy leagues after winning all 4 last week. unbelievable
take that l
i've really enjoyed it though. mostly been reviewing pull requests, or answering issues by encouraging them to submit pull requests
sometimes i take over for tricky parts (reactivecocoa's podspec is tricky) but it's almost entirely been other people doing the actual work.
definitely feeling those ups and downs more than i should be. what are you at now?
i finally crossed into 1900 and i feel a lot better about myself
but obvious conscious effort for last 5+ years to tell more kinds of stories about more kinds of people while staying in-brand.
especially since secret wars. sometimes they wind up tone deaf, but they try and they get better.
wait - did say 'no buses' - that's a major improvement!
i think so! hurrah!
can't wait to launch! timetable: 9am-10am: flag waving with seamus 10am-11am: 'how to deselect' with john 12pm-1pm: statistics with eoin
when's the "pocketing blood money from states that hang gay people" lecture?
she's so gross.
repulsive inside &amp; out
why can i sign into the app store on my mac-but always get this when trying on my phone? password resets do nothing.
do you have spaces in your password? i know it seems insane but my experience is apple passwords w/ spaces behave inconsistently
not like kasich is the republican governor of a critical swing state or anything...
v just remember, it was clinton and casic who brought us a balance budget.
it's been a long time since i've seen a good animated movie
because you are 21
8 leagues man? is there an nfl player you don't have a fantasy interest in? haha
between betting and fantasy all games have meaning.
it's actually not complicated at all lol
are we really going to let imaginary lines dictate who we are
run! run! run! is coming via
isis=israeli secret intellegence service.
good thing this next one is in september!
yeah that's what i said, september
which one lol
the girl next to u
i went to this store in ny..
where's the store
lmfaooooooooooo your team is ass
lmfao idgi man last year was the same problem tho i had no te or rb's i dead won cause of cam and odell and brandon marshall
can't agree more, spent a while mashing the auto-migrate button... only to find out it made things worse
:( i have an app i need to update to swift 3, and i'm really not looking forward to it.
i finally crossed into 1900 and i feel a lot better about myself
like i need a movie montage of myself training karate-kid style except playing overwatch
you're mean when your team loses haha
okay okay i'll be nicer don't worry
i've celebrated tonight's tonys telecast by smashing my little toe into the tv console while attempting to dodge .
am commemorating the occasion with nurofen plus.
sometimes i take over for tricky parts (reactivecocoa's podspec is tricky) but it's almost entirely been other people doing the actual work.
i'm grateful for the open source swift community, it has exceeded my expectations in all the right ways.
english muffin is lacking toastiness. three stars.
tracey, it's perfectly toasted. look at that brown on top! definitely a 8.7 (using foursquare rating system)
no one is talking about the philadelphia police shooting. also done by a jihadist.
i did not see any info on the philly guy being a jihadist?
yeah but this is about individuals' income/tax returns. not corporations or organizations.
individuals claim deductions (skattefradrag) in norway. secrecy tempts exaggeration.
when monday morning rolls around...
expression -- priceless
state champs??? duh
omg 4 people have said to me but i would feel weird presenting them
no i simply enjoyed in passing
where it @ grocery outlet bargain market?
your culo is going to be sore tomorrow
come massage it with your little hands
huge happy birthday to one of my day 1's hope you had a good one i expect big things this year
hahah oh noooooobut thank you bro! i'm gonna miss makin you do suicides but grease bros for life!
a mall in minnesota, a nyc neighborhood, a charity race in nj... were the attacks related?
yes. not like me, hence, kill. an algorithm haunting us since time immemorial
i always wonder how people like you act in social situations. do your friends know?
umm... wow. high class dude
now on : a rare look at the military practicing the unthinkable - nuclear war
god forbid that was in trump hands
she really sent me this as a reply
post that omg you look so good
these away jerseys for the young guns are ugly. there's no national flag. they could have picked any colour they wanted! they chose grey.
they should have just worn the jolly roger
that is not what she said.
...... unless she's into that sort of thing...
is there any way to make sure rami malek and priyanka chopra get married bc that would be a beautiful couple
like look at all this perfection:
the official twitter account mistook terrence howard for cuba gooding jr.
black girl literacies matter because we need to see diverse representations of who we are. and we are not all the same.
yes, yes, yes!! and if we don't have a say in this, we will see static representations, based in stereotypes.
(harper's correctly yanked that "emilia clarke is basically naked" tweet. be the change you want to see, america. -h)
yay! power to our fuggirls
gary johnson asks a question about a city in syria and gets ripped apart by msnbc saying he's not qualified to be president...
yep that should be a big warning sign, not his good record compared to clinton &amp; trumps horrible ones,
fasds are 100% preventable. the only sure way to prevent fasds is to completely avoid alcohol use while pregnant
an obstetrician lecturing med students said it's fine to drink during pregnancy-still true 40 yrs after fas was described?
happy birthday bri !! hope u had a great day
thanks bri!!
seems like a good time for a mailbag. send in your questions.
what can this team do with their defense ? it is so bad i don't see any glimmer of hope unless ..
4 selfies might just be too much but i'm too cute so why not haha
stop being so cute man.
i agree.trump has no interest in governing.remember kasich was offered defacto prez if agreed to be vp
does that mean we can count on pence to screw up whatever trump hasn't? dems, please vote!
happy birthday lindart i love you and miss you so much i hope you have a fun day
aw i miss you sm thanks!!
spent the last 4hrs hearing how bad of an idea starting a food truck business was. guess i'll just go to bed and sleep it off...
please don't give me, i'm more excited about yours than any other!
but you need them to test classic send/receive tone fidelity!
don't think i haven't tried to acquire a pair. they are not to be found. ;)
former preps-to-pros nba'er darius miles files for bankruptcy: darius miles alongside coach maurice cheeks. (...
a terrible waste of talent &amp; a chance 2be financially secure. example of player entering nba 2soon. was not ready.
i want to try 's liquor.i wanna see why she always turning up..
you better leave that ghetto juice alone....
okay you've all convinced me to open a bottle of wine and turn on the fine fine fine
if you aren't watching you're sleeping bc it is sad and beautiful and thoughtful
. in this skit though?!
happy for !
damn life with louie was the shit
what the fuck is baskets though?
i'm praying and crossing my fingers..there is no excuse for trump to be the next president..i didn't even loath the bush's as much
same here sis s. hell. he's starting to make bush look good.
i've got one of these bad boys!
i have push button phone. it comes in handy when the power goes out.
do you read any pickup/red pill material? or naturally gifted with ladies?
i'm naturally gifted. women love a public speaker and a hot body. i'm fat but ripped.
the laws are the minimum not the optimum. just because we can doesn't mean we should. its ok to call out legal bad behaviour
good and bad are subjective. but i'm by no means disparaging the reporting on trump's benefitting from corporate welfare
what did y'all cook for ?
grilled swordfish with roasted corn on the cob and broccoli.
so i went from 250gb to 1tb and will probably need more space soon.
what!? 1tb is already so much! but i think it's good you were proactive about the battery
misogynist think that they're entitled to patronize the women integrity.
no idea what u are talking about.
yeah but this is about individuals' income/tax returns. not corporations or organizations.
maybe most norwegians are saints.
man, canada is my default, not a backup!
i guess "home country" would be a better phrase
you are now legit! listen to craig and on this thursday. part 1 of an all crossover.
i'm really jazzed for this! i discovered pods&amp;sods this summer and really enjoy ur work on it!
yes hillary did start the birther movement. ask mcclatchy chief re: blumenthal &amp; others. 100% court ready testimony
oh how our memory fails us must be the thrill of politics
especially since secret wars. sometimes they wind up tone deaf, but they try and they get better.
as an example the young-iceman reveal was justifiably derided as hamhanded and weirdly mean, but good stories have resulted.
one of the best parts of new york city, period.
true prob good 2 work 4 too...they keep it real
it needs a $5 shake, amos and andy style!
i'd love to try one of those shakes.
i told my 11 year old brother this and he started crying
that was my goal
this is what i helped jan make today the best salsa in the world i am such a lucky f***er
you got the munchies
he could, but he'd still refuse to understand them.
i understand your opinions, but i simply disagree with your opinions.
big man. in case your money drop, make i phyll my share.
say she wire me some cool 80k i go make you feel
: looking flawless, per the usual!
can't watch forced contrived silliness pretending i'm watching something special entire awards thing gagging quicker than a hrc sermon
lmao, my family be doing me like that too
maybe because i'm fat? lol
my daughter keeps asking how where you born in a bomb shelter and why?! she's 13. xxmeli
- tell her it was the 6 day war in jerusalem &amp; everyone had to be in bomb shelters
you're never too old for a good animated movie
no new animated movie is going to interest you.. the old ones yes of course
damn?! we want to watch some gears action but these players don't want to stream?!?!?!!? are you out of your minds?!?!?
there is really no reason to decline streaming, these players that refuse to are something else
finally someone is right
season 2 was so good! ugh i hate how underrated bcs is
who allowed her to have snapchat
i was hardcore jammin out
my emmy's look is "drowned rat"
hey , how do i get this emmys lewk for less
happy birthday lo i love you so much and can't wait to see you in the pool next week
thanks christina!! ily and miss you sm
you should look up the definitions for fact and opinion
the only thing you've cited are your opinions. u haven't cited any facts.
let the annual "night in which i question every professional decision i've ever made" begin!
oh, is tonight the podcastys?
patriots who dare... join our fight to save america! click here
if gets elected they'll have to move white house to bethesda
she was the driving force behind the law that resulted in mass incarceration. don't play naive.
if you think the 1994 crime bill created mass incarceration in the usa, you don't know history.
the victim spin he keeps trying to put on it is my personal fave.
when are wp, esp wm not victims? their tears &amp; gears are the cause of 99.9% of crap in the world, but they're still victims.
he became wallaby 898 on saturday night - capping a rapid rise for tom robertson in 2016
...sorry but we don't feel much like laughing at present time
dude is space shredded. who's his space trainer?
did you notice his space abs look like santa claus?
i'm so sorry i forgot to get back to you look on amazon!
it's all good! thank yaaa
i'm like literally sad all the time and it's not hot or healthy
luv u angel
the rest not so good, cept maybe first batman and beetlejuice :) btw, the ep discussion on extreme movies was great
ty sir. something tells me we'll be tackling some of those extreme flicks sooner or later.
good and bad are subjective. but i'm by no means disparaging the reporting on trump's benefitting from corporate welfare
and hopefully makes us think more about these policies that we're all responsible for
i put together an author photo and bio in case i ever need it.
cowards do tend to be on the small side.
prime example of a bait-and-switch or disappearing act. nowhere to be found when you wake up in the morning.
on the bright side, you'll never have to wake up to that face ever again.
you should look up the definitions for fact and opinion
claiming that your preferered definition of the word "rape" is "superior", is opinion, not fact.
what the fuck is baskets?!?
who the fuck is louie anderson
the art is really good sorry about it. it's a good yaoishit. time for my daily reading
that's a hal if i ever seent one
happy birthday laura have a great day!!
lol thanks jon
do you read any pickup/red pill material? or naturally gifted with ladies?
my advice is to tell women anytime they want it, they can have it. it gets them thinking about on-demand sex.
nothing moral about it lol u say 20 y'all woulda got smacked too take ya l and quit cryin it's a long season
don't worry bout the raiders lol we in the offs. 2-14 coming y'all way.
he looks like he's gonna cry
boooo, there is is...
awww viola looks beautiful!
come on, they knew
same here sis s. hell. he's starting to make bush look good.
as i said on facebook...bush was mickey mouse compared to donald trump who to me seems more like hitler
. is answering questions on fb live tomorrow! ask whatever your desires with .
countiing down the hours till lucifer returns
can't stop thinking about this. "in norway you can see anyone's taxes, but there's a catch"
hm, if anyone cares they'll probably be willing to pay me to look on their behalf. it's a business opportunity.
you tryna turn up tonight??
wtf yes????? when and where i'll be there
oh, there's basically a whole tray here, minus what i had for myself.
i may need to swing by now
in every poll and survey now, more young adults say they favor socialism over capitalism. there's no going back. thank u occupy wall street.
i lived under communism- both that shift &amp; this was driven by the wrecking ball of unregulated markets.
i love this scene
it turned samuel l jackson into a superstar.
my shitty neighbors s:1 e:2 "hammers"
sorry bro been there. just watch hellraiser and pretend it's them. or tell them how much they suck. win/win imho.
holy crap he's so out of breath
most fat people always are
someone help me with a sub button lol i wont let you down
the old man prospect ^_^
you should look up the definitions for fact and opinion
obviously the def. i cited is still in use, due to me using it here.
wrong again, the plan is specific to lower income workers, with no relief for the wealthy.keep trying
that is absolutely a lie.the plan is a "deduction" that most low income earnings do not take. even the eic "credit" he (1/2)
somebody sleeping on the job!
that's how you know it's him.
whew. you can feel 's glow through the screen. stunning!
...bizzee lady. she couldn't do all that without a good team backup
atl would probably count as up &amp; coming too
nah they already have solid mgt and stuff i have to create like a whole new plan
. best supporting actor comedy louie anderson. already we're both 0-1. not a good start!
have there always been that many nominees in that category? it feels like everyone was nominated.
[live] two more days til roi! let's survive til then! rt for dwight &lt;3
need to wake up and watch need some lol moments after that last few days
please tell me i'm lying.
ohhhhhhhhh shit lmao
nhung is literally my favorite person ever lol
omg i saw her the other day &amp; she's still cute asf
every damn science/math textbook has at least one mention of marbles even though nobody owned marbles since 1962.
always wanted some though. they seemed cool, like a wireless hand vacuum.
i actually felt guilty snapping this. why are we (myself included) giving him so much attention?
you really kool - more i get to know you ...we foll the ...distractions from real problems...jus my take
september 17, 2016 about a girl // the academy is...
september 18, 2016 boyfriend // big time rush
parking prices are insane for game at the coliseum photos for
welcome to los angeles
new: supporting actor in a comedy series goes to louie anderson in "baskets."
holy crap, thought he was dead.
these videos will shock you.
this pres can't be leaving the wh soon enough
rich white man going to help a nazi into the wh.
to be fair to gary, he's got help from plenty of white dudes. gotta love them.
you should look up the definitions for fact and opinion
facts are verifiable. nothing that you and your buddies have stated, is verifiable.
so if tr*mp gets into office i need to move out of the country. i'm professionally trained in culinary arts. i love cleaning and laundry.
plus i pretty much leave you alone. i won't look you in the eyes or call you a piece of shit everyday.
atl would probably count as up &amp; coming too
i might do an li local bc all i have to work with is amityville shows its like starting from scratch
putting more logic in the blockchain makes it easier to trigger bugs on *all* nodes on the network.
internet routers don't crash after receiving packets w/ malicious data. they only need to forward, and not *process*, them.
as i said on facebook...bush was mickey mouse compared to donald trump who to me seems more like hitler
his methods are based of that of hitler &amp; joseph stalin sis s.
if you aren't watching you're sleeping bc it is sad and beautiful and thoughtful
also is wearing a brooch and to that i say louie good sir you are a king among men
merkel rebuked at german polls as migrant policy backlash punishes party
get rid of her germany
if you were older, you'd realize the cia and nsa get along like cats and dogs. they don't share much w/ each other, nor the fbi
they dont need to get along, each agency keeps our info to themselves,so say hi to them everytime you send something online
. if i was aa, can the fucking event already. also, rebirth selling like hot.
he just pretends that it's "healthier" for the industry for dc to be doing good, and neglect that marvel is failing.
so they can block a candidate they find unacceptable. huh.
why didn't they block trump?
yea, because of all the wineries!
wineries... i see what you did there
flowers for me? my heartfelt thanks to
wow! beautiful
good luck at the world cup bff go do your thing and bring home the gold safe travels:) love you
rachy i love you so much thank you i miss you
my packages are at my house i want them now but i have to wait until next week to get them when i go home..
like i feel bad bc i have so much makeup that came in...
love the historicity inherent in this reminder!
yes! diversity is not new. we are not a trend.we are here and always has been. but we can still leverage this moment!
one in four want an form of via
4 out of 4 french muslims want france
opinion | would you hide a jew from the nazis? - the new york times
i'd like to think i would've helped jewish refugees if i were able to, but i don't think i would've put myself at risk of being tortured or...
or two casio sk-5s set to "dog"?
glad to have the next skulleater set already written
one way to get alcohol poisoning
he definitely woke up in an emergency room the next morning lol
we want gow to grow but dont wanna do anything to help. gosh. just grow.
stop being so negative gosh. also i don't want anyone to watch our biggest match online ever
it's up. guess you were able to work it
we basically put it back when the suits left and at half time the team came down and apologized lmao
happy birthday to a brotha keep working bro eres un crack forever
thank you my boy pio
no. yours has no current relevance in law enforcement &amp; tracking.
relevance in law enforcement? i don't know what that even means.
hello self-driving cars. goodbye 4.1 million jobs?
lol yes indeed jobs will be flying away
we're very early on in the project, but we have the player mechanics, and some animation down! uvu
nice character! mabye you should give your character a signature move or an idle animation. keep it up!
no idea tbh, i'm fashion dumb
she looks good in it i'll agree whomever it is.my fit gf agrees fashion is an art u may have some chops m
that gif was not a back rub. unless your uvula is spanish for back
i don't know what u speak of ma'am
the knows more than letting on. don't listen to . he is a political hack. the cops will solve this.
no kidding. he's an idiot
that is absolutely a lie.the plan is a "deduction" that most low income earnings do not take. even the eic "credit" he (1/2)
outlined is only $1200 a year. what good is $100 a month for child care? and why wait until tax time to get your money? (2/2)
raiders once again with another disappointing week.
patriots once again with another hurt qb
loved hosting opening now can i keep my eyes open for the rest gotta be up cawcawtime
it was great!!! loved it!!
giuliana rancic is trash
omfg i can't tell you how much i hate that cunt
never heard of baskets
a show on fx, about a rodeo clown .
swear to god i tried reading this like 6 times
try reading one of these when you're plastered. i stared at my phone for at least half an hour
naw mariah counts... that's a "you dat nigga kill" plus he dropped a baby in her
cryin....mariah...counts dog
i'll prob wait for you? or unless your gonna watch it over there?
i'll wait for you shaaaaaawtty
they are all traitor and a disgrace to a nation
good speak up!
i wrote for adventure time's 2016 spoooktacular and it's in stores wednesday so get it, ok?
it costs more than whats in my bank account so i'm good
no, but the irs will still go through your tax returns even if they aren't public record.
secrecy also nourishes special-rules for the politically powerful.
good point and analysis.
thanks tony!
the moral posturing from left in effort to stifle a third party dialogue is dangerous for democracy.
possibly for others, not for me. not trying to stifle, but either trump or hrc are going to be president. (1/2)
happy birthday bby keep grinding
thank you cutie
back up? or just in hand? what's the deal?
we put it back up. fuck them
no. yours has no current relevance in law enforcement &amp; tracking.
tracking? i didn't know we were qualifying the use of definitions. now it is solely for 'tracking'......
what we need to do to and tim
you mean what we need to do to nick when we go to bars/clubs
before we start any troubleshooting steps, have you tried any on your own? we want to be sure we aren't repeating any steps.
i already restart, reset my phone multiple times.
what did he say? i haven't been watching feeds.
how nicole is a sweet girl blah blah here's his speech, its at the end
this who suppose to lead y'all to the promise land?
omg! lmfao.
love to be at the techno dance party, where the median kinsey number is 3 and everyone's flying under the gaydar.
a footstep and a hip swing away from pleasure and you turn it down anyway.
you better snot
dad jokes are my favorite!!!
so who is the back up?
they are likely talking to one now.
i might give it another shot, but it crushed me how horrible the first 2 episodes were
really? it gets better tbh
tomorrow at 9 am. if we're missing your country or city, please know this is just the beginning.
i hope you make a usa tour announcement soon
tracking? i didn't know we were qualifying the use of definitions. now it is solely for 'tracking'......
that's fine if u wish to speak solely of 'tracking', but i wasn't qualifying my usage of the term 'rape'.
who's 's hot date??? get it, girl!!
pix or it didn't happen.
amanda, remember next week game will be epic!
oh yes we welcome washington. going to be a goody!
happy birthday to my boy ! miss you brotha!
thank you brotha. miss you so much as well
the emmy's &amp; shit
. such an incredible beauty!
could ancient remedies hold the answer to the looming antibiotics crisis? what did the ancients know that we don't?
i would say so.
why did they remove it?
it was covering the play 60 banner they have up. stupid they even put the play 60 banner where they know bh banner belongs.
. a statement that has now been removed from the lawyer's website.
nope just original url changed. accessed it this pm
yo, which one?? i know someone who worked velhurst or whatever it's called
it's new this year! it's called the unholy orchard out in victor
no, but the irs will still go through your tax returns even if they aren't public record.
trump hesitates to release his tax returns because they will show he paid nothing, lawfully.
what if you have an mcm purse
you probably don't sell but you definitely got a dime in there
chip card experience today.
this is why i'm so bullish on
relevance in law enforcement? i don't know what that even means.
the role of police is to gather evidence.
what did kelly preston do to her hair??
she asked the stylist to make it it look as bad as johns to protect him! lol
yes! it is important that bgs set the standard!
yes! and that it's complicated and layered and even contradictory. just like we are. just like everyone is.
"they're your clothes mutha fucker."
louie wins an emmy and btw his father used to beat him with a whisky bottle..
least we know he ain't blind.
this is true. lol
the moral posturing from left in effort to stifle a third party dialogue is dangerous for democracy.
there are no 3rd party candidates that i believe are worthy of the presidency. i believe hrc is best in this field of cand.
no lerm just gets in a bunch of snapchats, he doesn't take them
you appreciate my snaps the next morning tho
what is baskets?
i want it to be this
- wrong again, read her tax plan again, the bulk will be on the middle class wage earners.. keep trying
that is a lie started by trump campaign. she is not raising middle income taxes.
i'm a little less pessimistic now, but you guys are not putting false hope in me
i will admit it's a little fishy that bey is in the same state and we haven't seen her on the carpet or her seat
it's soooo good matt and mike gets a really great storyline
also i didn't want for any of the other shows since they aren't good or i haven't seen them
5 bombs found in area had old school flip phones and believed coordinated
that accounts for 5, 2 were hammered and 1 was lost in the mail. 5 to go
shes gonna give us all the slow songs on lemonade
yes it's gonna be part two of the vma
thinking back to when i was a typical pale thin asian doughy specimen of outdoor bathing on the deschutes
you've really evolved since then
haha chocolate rain lol remember that bobo?
when o and a first played that song on there show that song got stuck in my head
what didn't you like about the first clinton presidency?
there was sex! nasty sex!
leo is ten. she has been made to believe that being a girl means something other than simply having female anatomy.
liking stuff doesn't change your actual body. girls can think anything!
happy bday bitchhhhh ifhy!!
ifhy you too, go to berkeley
i don't mine halo 4 at all it's actually quite fun, but i bought a collection not halo 4
i get people who only vote h2 and h3 and ce if h4 ever gets picked my team quits.
mainstream media doesn't do disability well
it felt very contrived and anti-social justice.
honestly that shit kinda disgusting
it could've at least been the green apple ciroc
no thats a fact technically
wrong. the notion of "relevance" is entirely a matter of opinion.
even if he is fully healthy by the deadline, i think it would be insane to deal him this season. if brady gets hurt, you remain a contender.
a team gave up a 1 &amp; conditional 4 for bradford. he has never done what jimmy did in just 6 quarters.
chillin on my sidekick
sidekicks will alwayss go down in history as one of the greatest phone devices
so who is the back up?
my guess is someone familiar with the system who could step in immediately. lindley definitely a possibility.
things to stop doing in your 30s
glad i revisited this article.
- so your saying just let them walk right in, no have a wall and system that keeps illegals out
we already have a wall and system that keeps them out. she never said tear down the wall or remove ice.
we are here nyc &amp; and i couldn't be happier *rockettes high kick*
how long are you in new york!
found this cd i had to make for a project in high school. some very suspect choices to go with some classics haha.
taylor swift and carrie underwood
the wife has made me mac &amp; cheese comfort food dinner because i am so upset today about my newly paralyzed leg.
i wish applying delicious mac and cheese to leg would wake it the f up!
apparently glory is supposed to be really good
99.9% by kaytranada
i get the whole "america shouldn't be guided by fear" thing... but bush won twice, and the republicans almost took out aca and gay marriage.
i don't know about any of y'all, but i don't think the world is ready for a fascist led united states. nobody in the us is either.
she's the biggest pendeja ever how is she still a host
and that bitch don't know shit about fashion
q3. how do you measure creativity?
a3: have students create rubric, make sure effort is included
no thats a fact technically
"ceased to have any relevance"&lt;--that is an opinion, not a fact.
he has the biggest boner for nicole it's gross
so did victor...the perks of being a innocently looking blonde school girl
why do the automaker-protecting trolls call this expert info "tinfoil hat" or "unicorn" theories?!? it's science w/ data!
rick chase is a moron do not listen to his nonsense. he is a human-hater and loser..hey rick chase read dr. koopman's study
yeahh. they've done some stupid things but, hey they're 2-0! that's all that matters lol.
also the fumbles...my goodness but they will watch the tapes and improve
some should copyright it and refuse it's use in lv if the go there
already done. raiders have been trying to buy for years. that's why you don't see bh merch @ raider image.
happy birthday to one of my best friend! i'm so glad i've met you and can't wait to see you soon bro. much love
thank you so much baby boy. i can't wait to see you nothing but love
live now: the emmy awards are starting. join us for coverage all night.
where's the jokes about hillary? you're all in the bag
that moment when you realise real life doesn't have gta physics
i get that light pole will cost him 100k in court fee's.
how cute is ?!
- i'm crying watching this episode. so happy for you!!! i love pete!!! cameron is perfection!!!
the only thing i don't like about cal poly is that they didn't accept anyone else from ehs so i feel alone
hopefully i'll be there next year
of course it's gonna rain tomorrow right ???
i mean it is a monday
waiting for to pop around corner...did encore perf. for max &amp; alec in living room (wasn't the same)
happy birthday, sara!
which banner?
the black hole banner bro.
bro i got one of those zits that are about to form but haven't on my temple it hurts so bad
i love those. they have like their own membrane/soul
2-0 one week at a time...
glad to have you aboard !
cnn's jake tapper edits out hillary clinton's 'bombings' remark -
not a surprise here. cnn is notorious for that bull.
- his speech stated all parents.
he says a lot of lies. his website says different.
kerry washington is looking great in brandon maxwell!!
and btw i aint that convinced by tracee ellis ross in ralph lauren.
i often suspect that everything i say/tweet/post/write goes into a black hole, and mine is the only screen it shows up on.
my doodles go into the same black hole!
you keep saying if,whatever, as if you refuse to acknowledge even if you don't remember what happened, happened.
why don't you retweet what i'm saying? don't you want to tell people the truth?
no thats a fact technically
if it were a fact, then you would be able to verify it as a fact. u cannot verify an opinion tho.
i'd like to think i would've helped jewish refugees if i were able to, but i don't think i would've put myself at risk of being tortured or...
...killed by nazis. i'm not that heroic. but i'm sure i wouldn't have collaborated with the nazis. i hate that people today think like nazis.
cnn's jake tapper edits out hillary clinton's 'bombings' remark -
is a disgrace and the personification of why us little people despise the media.
i like judaism and when people try to blend it w/ another religion, it just gets subsumed.
sheesh, the end of the story... the birth of christ is not the most important day on the christian calendar!
what does the russian writing say?
dye my bones red, but google translate is horrible
can friday night come faster
go to sleep then it will
idealistic or not, refusing to coming to terms with it is killing us.
come to terms with what exactly?
as soon as complains about the cold weather, we get hit with a 100 degree day...figures
this weather is amazing
better late, than never! thx a million, you guys!
dig the raft!
what is play 60?
i think it's a program encouraging kids to play outside.
yo man i know you are going to get picked up by an org. let them do it it's the fastest way man. wish i could help :(
yeah seriously there aren't many other ways to expedite the partnerships anymore outside of orgs :(
who the hell is that? lol. all these people with weird ass names haha
the one from b2k! the one who has his own verse on the song "everything", and the only one with the long hair!
, it appears that you and your charming family had all the fun yesterday. i am glad you are safe after last night's scare!
we were everywhere yesterday! i'm still exhausted. last night was def scary but today was business as usual.
pretty sure dungy has never picked the .. ever
he's still mad that we kicked his ass every time we played a team he coached.
manafort didn't work for a pro-putin party in the ukraine? flynn didn't work for rt &amp; sit next to putin at an event?
obama worked w putin on syrian chem weapons, iran deal and today on syrian cease fire. is obama pro-putin?
we promote free markets, civil liberties &amp; peace. join &amp; your local movement!
ya right - and you support global warming hoaxster, big govt leftists johnson and weld? ha ha ha
best livery ever, too! good job, man. love seeing you kick butt in a 911.
thanks stef! takes lots of practice to be fast in a cup car... still working hard at it!
he likes to throw a little shade so i'm sure if someone tries to down play his game he'll point that out.
i hope so because right now his speech is weak.
mo thank you for being my biggest fan
getting this tweet tattooed on my face, that's how big a fan i am
happy birthday sar cant wait until best buddies &amp; unified starts up again !!!
thanks gabs and same
sure, when should i meet you there?
6:00. shed your corporeal form and reincorporate by the drm soda machine
like evry single 20 something believes this &amp; states it as fact in spite of it being so completely demonstrably untrue. how did that happen
i heard it at a rainbow party
if it were a fact, then you would be able to verify it as a fact. u cannot verify an opinion tho.
facts are things such as number of females who filed police reports for 'sexual assault' in 2016.
i never heard of the show in my entire life. i will catching up on a lot of sleeper show this week.
show written by louis ck starring zach galifinakis
you live tweeting these emmy's?
. nah. i don't have cable. i just got on the twitter, distracting myself during an exhausting phone conversation i'm having.
that is so me in bed with my laptop!! you rock every week!!!!
- thank you heidi!!!
if louis anderson wins tonight, it'll be everything.
boom! awesome
- again you misread it is a tax credit first of all, based on wages. the money is saved and can be used for education/ care
it clearly says deduction on the website. do you honestly think i haven't read it? i broke it down line for line yesterday.
accusations of rape?? you mean bill clinton right? that's what i thought!
no, trump. read it and weep. of course, being deplorable, no doubt you're ok w/this
this is nice because it's easy to statically analyze and give users an easy way to individual handle errors in a chain.
html email remains one of the worst things about web dev. thankfully, gmail just fixed their media query support
i changed my twitter name
what video should i make
machine monday.
looks fancy, what is it?
it's perfectly safe if it's namespaced. and it's a poor idea generally to object.create(number.prototype).
not really. could still iterate over it. and i wouldn't subclass a built in in javascript. not very function.
two hours of coverage asking what people are wearing and zilch on louis anderson's glimmery boots
i can't find pics of his outfit anywhere and it is so good
is fabulous. my new favorite housewife.
- thank you matthew!!!
kelly i love your rendering style so much omg
thank you!!!! i like to go wavy :-)
facts are things such as number of females who filed police reports for 'sexual assault' in 2016.
figures such as the number of women who reported 'sexual assault', can be verified as factual.
obama told black audience yesterday he'd consider it insult to his legacy if they vote trump. he think it's all about him, not the usa!
it has always been about him. worst american president of all time. never thought carter would be topped in that regard.
so excited to announce that i've joined the team at ! so grateful for the opportunity and can't wait to get started!
good shit dude ^_^
: b/d, e &amp; f trains bypassing 23 st, due to ongoing nypd activity at 23 st. use the n or r trains instead.
can i take the c or e uptown from the 25th st entrance tomorrow morning?
okay i'm going to watch some new youtubers because that's how i spend my saturday night, thanks for helping. xxx
hey i'm a new youtuber and would love if you'd check out my channel!
glad i revisited this article.
a full year into my 30s and i must say, i've failed on half of the things mentioned on that list .
i'm fucking locked out of my house!! my purse &amp; keys are inside
i was legit gone for 30 min
california is apparently embracing temperatures approximating that of mount doom.
let me know if you see a red eye, lidless, wreathed in flame...i think that's the official warning sign...
an interesting concept. it would certainly solve a lot of problems. enlist with us at
in your dreams.
next week, hillary will walk on stage for the first presidential debate. chip in now for the chance to be there:
i'll be wearing my red hat, voting and cheering
i had no doubt it would go back up.
we flipped it back over right before we scored our first touchdown.
a2 celebrate richness of language, vernacular, everyday literacy practices. give space 4 "report out" of out of school literacies
yes! it's not even about redefining literacy but about appreciating all the literacy that black girls already have.
this was from senior year
i feel like this was junior year lol
like are u embarrassed to say ur actually palestinian? lmao i dont get it
i'm not even palestinian but i'll claim to be any day
referring to rfc6204w3. see for how i run it.
yes, followed your blog, but using ipfw. why fd33:d430:: inside; but 2601:646:: from comcast?
peep the new record bruh
i'm keeping track of the winning streak too
i remain deeply disheartened that jeb! didn't take the nomination, not that he was like a good choice or anything
all the republican candidates were awful political options but jeb! actually seemed like a decent human being, which was rare
suggestions for platform to start our group?
i think facebook is the easiest way
same here, when he followed me
when did he follow you
an institution ceased using a definition &amp; began using a new one. the new definition replaced the old one.
why are you so caught up on "an institution"? i merely shared a definition.
i need some good youtubers or anime to watch. ive watched everything ive been watching. i need something new.
check out my channel?
a show on fx, about a rodeo clown .
always get elizabeth banks and this chick mixed up.
umpire brian o'nora, who got hit in the face mask by a hunter pence foul tip of a 96-mph alex reyes fastball and...
i think he was also hit in kc on 8/29/16. kc/nyy game.
i was legit gone for 30 min
and my brother locked the house and took the car
after almost 2 weeks of the nfl nobody knows anything except that the patriots are going to be tough to beat
and the will be the team that beats them.
. is stunning in at the !
oh my not her color and such a boring go to silhouette so hag tired.
up for auction now!
this is such a pretty color!
omgosh lol i texted that to my hubby when i saw him wink haha too funny he thought it was funny!!
not once, but twice!!
*screenshot screenshot screenshot* chinchilla hat on swaggin
it's not a chinchilla hat it's an old ratty ass wig lmao
i swore off mcdonald's when the food ain't decay after a year
what u mean aint decay?
sorry i have family to visit and school to go too, okk
i could always come see you too and you say you're with alexis almost every day i could come an see you or hang out somewhere
do bodegas have bags of ice for sale?
some do, near the ice cream. 7-11 does always
if you have a dream about me please tell me i need to keep track of all of my alternate selves in your subconsciouses
i legit just had a dream last night that i moved back 2 the dorms and u were my roommate
the problem is the simpsons are kind of killing their own legacy. i'm not saying all the new stuff is awful...
not gonna lie, the "older" simpsons seasons were great. but some of the tas episodes just don't hold up.
idealistic or not, refusing to coming to terms with it is killing us.
disagreement is often misunderstood that someone doesn't understand. that's not always the case.
why would he choose a mall as his target?
its in the minnesota sanctuary for somalians and its business, nothing personal
what a player!
true story! glad he's a bronco
i do the same when the parent finally flips its shit on that kid. secretly we feel better about ourselves without judging.
haha, that's when i laugh behind my hands. love to see other parents losing their shit
no way this is pimphell
pop it in front of the mirror and enjoy the fireworks
i need to start that already
it's pretty good, one of the better things i've watched this year
- again, not true. up to 10000 . jessica please watch the speech. on everywhere like youtube
same youtube rudy wants me to use to diagnose hillary? lol
not gonna lie, the "older" simpsons seasons were great. but some of the tas episodes just don't hold up.
with that being said, batman beyond also kicked major ass
who do you think did it? i know most people think her brother but idk i'm conflicted.
i've been saying since day one it's someone from the pageant circle. either a pedo fan or another mom.
skipping the tonight. not feeling big dresses, awkward acceptance speeches, and major upsets. oh god, did i just become straight?
have you been following your chipotle regimen?!
lol they streamed nobody watched
damnit i proved you right, maybe you're right about gears too :(
happy birthday to one of my fav girls, i love you so much ella! i hope your day was as wonderful as you are
ella is always wearing that blue shirt she wore it today too
i always managed to find new youtubers to watch when school starts back up
need one more new youtuber to watch?
i'm at target with my daughter buying a birthday gift for her bestfriend.there's about $100 worth of shit in my cart
once she's done picking "which ones you putting back?"
a chatbot for laying off your unit economic upside-down sales org.
content-marketing in lieu of product/market fit as a service.
no thats a fact technically
show me, factually, how my definition of the term 'rape', is thus 'outdated'.
if you didn't catch it, here's my vlog!
hey remember that time you didn't meet up with us
i know i'll read 63,647 tweets about firing ken norton...let it begin
but what do you think of him tough? was it scheming or execution?
i spoke too soon i came back from the bathroom and he was shaking his head in disappointment looking out the window
i finally asked him if he was going to continue to not talk to me for the rest of the 6 hours he said "yes"
made me realize how curated life in entertainment can be. always posting what event, festival, party, or scene you're at ...
that's why i had to get off snapchat
house of amber - you'll find me at the sea on
thabks for playing us guys!
wait, neoconservatives are now against overhyping the terror threat to create a climate of fear?
because it or not it is an act of terrorism. what ever group it is. it could even be a group of teens.
idealistic or not, refusing to coming to terms with it is killing us.
also in the age of discourse and debate it sometimes happens that the digging in of heels is often against those who agree.
show me, factually, how my definition of the term 'rape', is thus 'outdated'.
"outdated" is a conclusion.
tru but we look 100% better on both sides of the ball compared to last year just have to keep it up and 8-8 sounds ok to me
a playoff spot atleast man... wild card. something! lol
who do you think did it? i know most people think her brother but idk i'm conflicted.
i'd believe the mom did it before the brother, but after watching the id special, maybe that creepy santa dude?
.: "we should be very grateful that the age of obama is finally over."
yes we are but, the damage is done &amp; he will never go away! he is begging black's to save his worthless legacy!
undead bonding day: they all go out and eat yakiniku.
adonis racks up the plates. koga eats a lot too. rei makes koga cook the meat for him bc he doesnt want to deal w the heat. kaoru's mediator
i bought a car. 2015 mitsubishi lancer es 5speed
shoulda bought a boat
"i strongly condemn the apparent terrorist attacks in minnesota, new jersey, and new york."
and put us in this mess, learn some foreign policy pointers from president
well hello there, handsome man who happens to be sitting next to kevin spacey for some reason.
but kevin spacey's date is wearing a hat indoors! what's next white shoes?!
like, you still got your chorizo with no bodily harm. perspective, sawyer.
still, is no fun and i'm sorry that they were dicks. in a just world, you'd get free chorizo and other reparations
whatevs he just winked at me
lol!! it was so sweet of him!
live on : gma sunday...we miss sara haines. well, most of us do. xo
paula...that was so sweet of you! i can tell you miss sara! i do, but you are doing a great job!!
predictable aziz wins being muslim the white man streak is over..
it would be nice to see aziz denounce muslim violence but if course not it's the emmys..
send me links to your favourite youtubers? i need some new channels to watch!
hey! i am a new small youtuber!
low key jealous af because i never go to concerts
seems more high key than anything
i hate the things society tells me to.
yea i know clothing sux
the media needs to keep hitting trump for calling that bomb in chelsea a bomb. they've finally got him on the ropes with this one!
2200 sheep liked this tweet.
don't like it? 2 bad! her brave son is fighting 4 your right 2 have an opinion no matter how ignorant!
i thought as much. you're a dictator-loving scumbag too. you should move to russia, traitor.
where did you get this toque? see you wearing it all the time croz. i love it!
i believe david's wife jan made it for him, but i may be wrong.
lmao kys this stupid hot
it's cool i'd rather be like this than freeze all damn winter
a full year into my 30s and i must say, i've failed on half of the things mentioned on that list .
i usually delete my reckless posts when they show up "on this day".
i blame defensive scheme and playcalling that's it
yup yup, knj is to blame
yes, that is glaringly apparent.
law enforcement does not get to define the word 'rape', as that is not their role.
packer timeeeee on my way to the packer bar!!!!!
good luck tonight to you and
there are so many places i want to see! what are your favorite places to travel to?
ireland &amp; wales
so a chinese women opened a macys card that she just closed last week making magic
making magic only applies to the customers bc we aren't allowed to have feelings or voice our opinion
make sure you get the latest update in the app store!
is it free ??
get used to it. shows up every 4-5 games with a big play. that's about it.
haven't seen khalil mack or irvin so far this year. would be cool to have them show up for the season and play some football
she is for amnesty, there won't be illegals if they can just cross and be citizens.. see the play on words
i believe any amnesty plan relies on their work history, family history, you cant just "walk in" and bingo.
baba ramdev and rss put pressure on government to heavily tax coca-cola, pepsico: report
very good. can of coke , has appox 20 spoons sugar , colour, chemicals. one of the biggest cause of obesity , diabetes &amp; diseases jh
honestly should make instructional videos for the gow community for shits and giggles.
all kenny would do is scream and yell in it... wait i would watch that.
she's really trying to get pregnant again smh
are you ready to make it double? lol
law enforcement does not get to define the word 'rape', as that is not their role.
law enforcement can only gather evidence.
have liberals really taken us to the point where we can't call a bomb a bomb? decades of political correctness have made the usa crazy.
yes, you can't state the obvious anymore unless you run it through a focus group.
that's awesome
he and matt harvey had an event in nyc for the ronald mcdonald house
that is funny. bro f'ed up!
i kept telling him he was swinging aggressively, so i was going to secretly record him to let him see, and this video was born !lol
haha, that's when i laugh behind my hands. love to see other parents losing their shit
kind of like seeing your parents dance: embarrassed for them while secretly knowing you do the same thing.
forecast 100%
i don't want to talk about it.
personally, we would love some new youtubers to watch and new blogs to read
check out my youtube channel?
that wasn't awkward at all.
i'm glad i wasn't the only one...
thank you and i'm mad i have yet to meet you in person yet
right lol. one of these days
my roomates stay leaving me
you was slumpt damn near the whole day
surprisingly strong statement in this week's valpak coupon mailing on the pointlessness of the us political system
a lot of effort goes into making self-government look as consequence-free as sports.
is currently experiencing departure delays between 31 mins and 45 mins due to vip movement
is currently experiencing departure delays between 16 mins and 30 mins due to vol:multi-taxi
what the fuck is wrong with my history teacher? in a nutshell: "we'll have a quiz next week" looks on eboard "you have a quiz on monday"
then... she taught us something like once, didnt go over it, and it's on there. fuck you too.
great to be at the summit today. extra treat to run into the fabulous !
where you guys there? i missed you. will you be there tomorrow as well?
ok. seperate from your love of and dedication to hillary, do you believe a entrenched single party rule is good for democracy?
no separation necessary. i don't know the woman, but i want her to win. i feel she is best qualified in this pool. (1/2)
i want to give my verizon iphone 5 to my nephew, whose family is on at&amp;t. older articles say it can be switched. anyone have experience?
you can use it on at&amp;t, but lte may not work
i love how you have that "im a diva hair"
usually it's "i'm probably homeless" hair...
happy birthday to the day 1 bro ! keep putting in work hope to see you on the field soon
thank you to my afghan hunk
what's with the size difference between the way stickers are displayed on ios (7 plus) and macos sierra?
can we stop making _everything_ about size?! i mean, does it _really_ matter?
"progress is on the ballot. tolerance is on the ballot. democracy is on the ballot. justice is on the ballot."
except when it comes to invading other countries. then fuck your opinion.
happy for !
black women slay on the as per usual.
a vote for stein or trump or johnson is vote for the next dick cheney vp go team how about
i love when people holds in high regard war criminals like cheney. fuck you
thinking about how "you smell good" is a really weird compliment (i still appreciate it)
i always wanna tell this to people i'm in love with. but yeah it is weird
no. yours has no current relevance in law enforcement &amp; tracking.
"yours has no current relevance in law enforcement &amp; tracking."&lt;--how is that relevant?
sorry i have family to visit and school to go too, okk
and trying to find out when your games are for the week so i could try an come to one
hate the phrase 'believe you me'
'believe you (mean a lot to) me'
am i too old for the hardcore scene? i think i might be. where are the group chat at? i need help from the youth.
im 32 and still mosh. i never grew up lol
i need new fun youtubers to watch. halp pls.
would love if you would check out my videos!
yeah, i'm not a fan.
he's not funny at all.
there are ... a wide variety of inflatable boomboxes
and a wide variety of white guys holding them
i've followed miller since he was an aggie.
so you're a longtime fan! that's awesome!
it's not on cable silly. hang up on this conversation and tweet good shit at me.
ahh, you misunderstand, lol. i don't have any sort of reception of any sort. i don't have ...television...but i have a tv.
plus a cryptkeeper cameo! i had forgotten about that.
what seriously!? how have i missed this all these years
i promised myself i'd stop arguing economic stuff on the internet and have gone further than i should. appreciate chats. &lt;3
heh. have a great day.
- i truly believe it is better than you think
we're going to have to just disagree on this one i guess.
just wrote a 3-4 minute musical about jeb bush saying "please clap"!! happy sunday!!!!!
so timely. so topical
i mean i'd try to promote if they weren't so dumb all the time
i understand, it's hard to promote when ppl choose specifically what and when you promote... just accept it!
when we stand together - as white, black and hispanic, gay and straight, women and men - we trump hate.
sell out, she is going to ruin our country with her deceit and payoffs.
i went outside earlier and this happened to me:
i lived in phoenix for 14 years. i don't know how i survived.
peep the new record bruh
and new banner and profile pic
a2 asking, then listening. (repeat)
yes! and listening even when we haven't asked! i am constantly working on this as a teacher!
it's so awful
i was just thinking about you.
but see if it's cold you can get blankets and a heater
but if it's hot i can eat ice cream and go outside without layering hella clothes
carl bernstein reports that bill weld is considering dropping out if he thinks johnson-weld will help elect trump.
if the had a brain they'd endorse &amp; save themselves
yes, that is glaringly apparent.
i never even mentioned 'law enforcement', so your point is moot. u are trying to qualify usage of the word.
so glad that danny valencia is getting to play and is playing well.
me too! even tho healy took over at 3rd danny's always been in the lineup and he should be! ive always liked him.
when a customer stops giving you money but still wants you to hang out
the moment a customer no longer wants to pay for a service, he no longer wants to be a customer
rnc chairman: former candidates who don't back trump may not be allowed to run again
maybe not in his crappy party, but there's nothing in the constitution that prevents them.
ok. seperate from your love of and dedication to hillary, do you believe a entrenched single party rule is good for democracy?
answer to your question, no i do not. i also dont believe that is currently happening
bad: 6 year old daughter is really into minecraft mods now. good: she now knows how file systems work. also, there are things called files.
i told her a little about ms-dos and how you used to have to do a lot more typing to make your computer do stuff.
curious of anything ? every word i've ever said on the shoooooow and my 0.02 cents search engine
i like a twitter search like this: "from: [insert any word]"... fascinating.
no like you don't understand i literally hate him
he needs to be killed rn
. you can cite source after source and it doesn't matter. corp interest understands the game.
i'd say solid proof that will ignore &amp; disparage any evidence that disagrees with preconceptions
next week, hillary will walk on stage for the first presidential debate. chip in now for the chance to be there:
you overcharged your poorest fans. you owe them.
may 18th of this year, how about you
aww cool feb 27th 2015 and it was on a friday
no thats a fact technically
it is a fact that many drunk women have consented to sex.
i drank too much red wine and decided to buy tickets to 's show at carnegie hall with .
you're the best. just hung a signed poster in my new apt from one of your philly shows last year.
back from connichi! lots of love to the people i spent the time with! unfortunately i've missed a lot of people partially thanks to saturday
oh man i'm a little surprised you didn't go to photokina
del rio said he took over defensive play calling for norton on last series
all was good until dj misread
it's ' alltime eagles/vikings rankings 1. cris carter 2. randall 3. keith millard 4. herschel 5. amp lee 583. sam bradford
thomas tupeh?
i'm going to paris soon, what's worth checking out?
well i stayed in the 8th arrondissement, so walking distance from eiffel, arc de triumph, musee d'orsay and other fly shit.
not sure anyone wants to claim this one....
i don't think it's that bad! at least he thought about it!
that new mill creek entertainment packaging is the worst.
what release?
there's on one shoulder wearing a cardigan singing simon &amp; garfunkel. then me on the other blasting
y'all don't even know... i rock the cardigan.
- let's take a break, who's plan is better for women and families? cmon you know the answer, it's ok to say
lol... i'm supposed to believe anything trump wants is better for women?? gee, how do we get benefits, do we have to be 10s?
to illustrate: 2 of 3 tickets pictured are counterfeits. both bought on craigslist.
that sucks!! that's why any i've bought have been through nd or alumni!!
it's not on cable silly. hang up on this conversation and tweet good shit at me.
i usually tweet the televised events when i'm at the bf's aunt's house. also, i can't go around hanging up on people, lol.
fabulous read. the good, bad &amp; just-believe-it-it's-true. what san francisco says about america: by
i've been visiting for the 1st time for 2 weeks and been having the same thoughts.
my friends and i ran into him on the way out. here's a photo my friend took.
that's a good one!
your the king of female friends, kinda question is this
my female friends are basically like guy friends tho lol leila a dude bruh
sometimes some ppl understand 'the corporal punishment' language.
ok, and it sounds very jewish to me, therefore i have to object simply on those grounds.
gwen stefani and sting are going to sing a duet at at&amp;t park, courtesy what rhymes w/ "cloud computing"?
loud booing?
lmaoooo why do you still make that same face ! aaliyah got heat in her gallery
i got some heat too it's just not on my phone
the jokes are so flat.
who is this basic chick?
journey is short so i think i'll wind down completing that
i wish it was a full platformer. i really like the style.
so tiny explosion aside hope you're having a good time in ny . i promise this isn't normal for us
the traffic and metro are frustrating but i'm still glad to be back here haha
when you do what you are good at and enjoy. that becomes your passion.
cammi? now!!! should i get my suitcase?
i love to do narrative outfits! i don't get to do it much, but arrow earrings &amp; my medieval bestiary scarf/deer necklace
a recent one was a star printed top, star and crescent earring, and a deer necklace above a moonstone one.
this indian guy tried to steal hella flannels and underwear from our store. now he in handcuffs and crying like a bitch
funny, i know another indian guy that does this too
i should actually eat this amazing chocolate from toronto. ...or i should save it and bring it to nyc this weekend...
my advice depends on if you are seeing me/giving me some of that chocolate this weekend
it's not difficult. when an org stops using a definition &amp; starts using a new one, the old one is obsolete.
what relevance does "an org" have in this convo?
but if it's cold you can eat ice cream inside or have hot chocolate or sum like that, winter all w's summer all l's
leave freshie alone she's been through alot
modern love: "he put on the sparkly green dress right away. in a sense, he never really took it off."
the mother asked such leading questions--"everyone will think you're a girl..." couldn't she just say boys can like dresses?
the messages keyboard won't dismiss after force touching a notification over the home screen. the message did not appear.
here are photos
the schism that exists btwn cisgender heterosexual men of color &amp; lgbt poc has rendered harm and violence on both sides.
it has that's why a true discourse dedicated to truth and practical solutions is necessary maybe there will be disagreements
found a complete ice snake for 2 bucks at the thrift store today. sweet deal!!!!
i want my tombstone to be etched like the wording ice snake
kenya's president has urged fellow african leaders to stop receiving foreign aid
foreign aid to africa is veiled imperialism. foreign aid to africa comes with a steep price. read the fine print.
she looks like shit warmed over.
i was thinking the same thing. she looks like crap. then again she only had pneumonia for 2 days. it's a miracle!
not really. could still iterate over it. and i wouldn't subclass a built in in javascript. not very function.
i hate how short and inarticulate i get to be on twitter
guangzhou. been here? have any must sees?
hong kong is the closest ive been. must be getting "real" where you are?
it's not difficult. when an org stops using a definition &amp; starts using a new one, the old one is obsolete.
i am not talking about an org. i am talking about a def. of a word.
this practise should be stopped dai. we should instil good practices. also, pay for photos!
exactly! it's urgent that we develop a culture of paying artists for their work!
no you can thank a poor mental health system in america and poverty in urban areas..rhat what is in play here
you don't understand the theocratic, commanding nature of islam/the quran. these ppl aren't crazy. they're brainwashed
wow, good for you! nice ride!
could be faster. used to have a 67 camaro convertible much more power
it's foreshadowing your birthday
me and you on monday november 28th
dear , sorry about what i said earlier. i was way out of line. looks like i saved my work before the update. we cool?
were you rood to daddy , gdawg? reported.
lol we'll talk. you're missed in class
i miss it. i need to gain some dancing confidence
have faith, she'll win.
im afraid but its the only way the us will be ok so she must win!! i'll try to have more faith 2!
the schism that exists btwn cisgender heterosexual men of color &amp; lgbt poc has rendered harm and violence on both sides.
however the disagreements should not prevent practical solutions
when the ghosts are first messing w/pullman. he looks in the mirror &amp; sees different ppl. rodney dangefield, mel gibson, ck
oh yeah! now i remember. i need to watch that tomorrow night
who let the dragons out?
... is a desperate man and his sycophants the pliceunion. he will take his loss hard
it's not difficult. when an org stops using a definition &amp; starts using a new one, the old one is obsolete.
"the old one is obsolete."&lt;--that is your opinion.
theres a problem wit being bori?
no relations beloved
black women slay on the as per usual.
heck yeah kate! she's had a great year on .
do we care about the emmys or nah? i always get a little football'd out at this point in the weekend so i wouldn't mind switching over
finals v north america idiot
modern love: "he put on the sparkly green dress right away. in a sense, he never really took it off."
this seems so incredibly sexist and backward it astounds me that anyone can write this nonsense in the year 2016. (2)
thanks tracy!!!
take care &amp; feel better! mine (thankfully) ran it's course once i slept about 36 hours straight
i'm going to paris soon, what's worth checking out?
imma dm you in a sec matter fact.
understand my relationship in 0.2 seconds
i hate the term goals but i meannnnn
you have emmy awards??
yup, from my time working in sports television.
the messages keyboard won't dismiss after force touching a notification over the home screen. the message did not appear.
i'm on build 10.0.1 (14a403) on a 6s
should designers art?
of course... or at least art appreciate!
does anyone wanna buy this abh foundation from me? it's in the shade warm tan which is a but too yellow for me
can't you just return it? and is it any good? like is the formula good for the skin
great win for your pats and my birdz.
um not a pats fan.... lol. i actually just threw up a lil right there! bills fan (don't laugh) but great win for the falcons!!
wow and i can't even get a text back
follow me man you missed me earliar
a) homosexuality is not limited to men. b) your homophobia is irrelevant. the example was to show the concept.
i don't think that gay women can rightly be called 'homosexuals'.
thank you rose pak for paving the way for this san francisco chinatown kid and for generations of chinese americans.
and all asian americans.
me and miss are back with a new grum that we want you to help name!
i will think any ideas you bitches can take ownership.
huge innovations at : 3d nand ssds
innovations on data transmission silicon photonics 100g per sec today
- what lies? please explain
seriously? what lies? ever you mean? let's start with 9/11.
a recent one was a star printed top, star and crescent earring, and a deer necklace above a moonstone one.
because according to some native people on the russian territory you can see a deer silhouette in the moon's shadows.
i feel like there were probably so many weird people who were interested in her, which is terrifying. don't do pageants.
also the bowl of pineapple is really bothering me.
y'all, ain't nothing deeper than ya college freshmen year. real talk, lifelong bonds made, you meet truly dope homies for life.
its hard when u go to a commuter school. i walked in to class n every1 had their friends already. thought i missed smthn @ orientation
a) homosexuality is not limited to men. b) your homophobia is irrelevant. the example was to show the concept.
your concept of 'rape'?
man my iphone 7 still " processing", damn i'm about to go loko on apple .
mine changed yesterday to preparing for shipment! but still says 2-3 weeks for delivery
when she's cute but not saved
when he's cute but not saved.
stripling strikes out tomas to end the 11th! that boy ross is bringing it!
he's been in the shadow of julio and de leon but he has been a bright spot all year,a quality pitcher and improving.
trying so hard to keep it on country \_()_/ so: zach brown band "chicken fried", dolly parton " i will always love you"...
shania twain "still the one", bruce springsteen "i'm on fire"
. 0-2! but i'm happy for i wish i could hear her speech, though.
since bill hader left, kate mckinnon is the best comedian on snl period. glad she won.
i'm furious
don't get the update it's so fucking ugly lol. the only nice thing about it is the new imessage stuff
who's to say
whaaaat does that mean!!!!
do u think &amp; 's mom's comment was enough to break up family?
- no - i think timing is everything. i pray that 1 day!!!
hate the phrase 'believe you me'
what does that mean exactly? lol
a mcflurry would be major rn
literally thinking the same thing. decided i'm going to get one.
the messages keyboard won't dismiss after force touching a notification over the home screen. the message did not appear.
i had to restart for the keyboard to dismiss
the schism that exists btwn cisgender heterosexual men of color &amp; lgbt poc has rendered harm and violence on both sides.
many walk away thinking their identity versus the other identity is the real fight
i'm going to be on a bus home from nh during the pls @ me if tatiana wins
currently screaming about kate mckinnon on a bus
the difference between these two pictures is two years. that's it. crazy, isn't it?
...lol and a big thumbs up...keep working out young person
do online magazines count as publications or should i put it under media publications?
online publications
i am loving the opening! the writers are fabulous!
he's so funny! i saw him live in bklyn &amp; he's nice.not like the other jimmy!
after 9/11, trump lined up a $150,000 grant for one of his buildings near ground zero even though it was undamaged
another example of the lying conman trump
but if it's cold you can eat ice cream inside or have hot chocolate or sum like that, winter all w's summer all l's
but you can't wear shorts or dresses or go to the beach
in what possible way? they were attacked civilians.
some weren't ie: ground assault on us army 42nd arty bde at giessen with intent to capture nukes
i like college more than pro, but i like miller and manning was ok. (for a former vol.)
i'll take that lol!
yes yes ges emmy for kate mckinnon omg yassssss
actual tears omg so happy
i don't think that gay women can rightly be called 'homosexuals'.
'lesbians' seems to be the appropriate term. regardless, lesbians do not have sex with one another either.
yes, great game! congrats fellas... i owe $20 lol
ya escaped real quick buddy.
i'm a little late to the game, but i just started empire and i'm not sure why i wanted so long. you might like it!
literally, why are you the worst person alive?
his swing is so f'ed up. lol, but he is the bro, got to love him! hahahahaha
i'm pretty sure by this time, it was the booze swinging! lol
and btw i aint that convinced by tracee ellis ross in ralph lauren.
i ain't normally into flowery dress. but kristen bell in zuhair murad was major.
can you chug it in a shorter time then that?
easy 30 secs
it was so funny he ate and drank none stop for 3 hours
lol too cute! little mans already a tailgate champ!
sunday recap: trump leads clinton in new ohio, nevada, florida polls
sunday recap, trump is still silent leader of the white supremacist movement in america. it's a "movement" you understand.
why do people think putting a exhaust, cai, wheels, and wrap is a build.....
or bags and wheels and calling it a build
i'm so mad because i forgot to record the game so i can't even go back and record it for you
awwww that sucks! i wish i could see it!
exactly!! feigned outage b/c trump took the lead.. omg
they like to have i both ways, and the liberal media is their partner.
... and the emmy goes to for outstanding supporting actor in a comedy series!
..this is louie prima!? i would hav passed him by 30 times...!!!
1 billion plus on stadium gets you a lot more in minnesota than it does in california
price tag don't matter - it's how it looks man it's super cool - crowd seems loud too
obama was more experienced than trump, but obama was also massively under qualified to be pres as well (2 years in senate).
try 4 years. he was a senator back in 04 when he gave the keynote speech at the 2004 dnc. and trump's done what exactly? well his
that's not an "opinion." that's what happens when the fbi discards an outdated definition &amp; uses a new one.
i didn't know that the fbi was "the authority" in this matter.
well nothing special but i did use your alter cu
ohhh, not bad, good taste in supports. i used a support mashu and she got killed by herk in two seconds. no idea how i won tbh
hello yes my hair is black now for the first time since i was 17
what dat mouth do
every goal scored at the is your chance to win! details:
tag scored!~ gabriel landeskog
you mean he's lying about his actions.
no , wasn't claiming that thompson lied. that's your projection. thompson 's belief re mmr &amp; autism mistaken
my bitch!!! she looks so beautiful!!
she won! congratulations kate!
i'm fulfilled on the rest of eve
exact same here. its a surprise and so well deserved. will make people go back and watch that show. so much heart
he's so suave
right! and that jawline, ugh
she was carrying you the whole game though
they was calling me kobe that night
where can i bet the draw money line
viking +2 should cover the draw like in soccer
awesome early megadeth, thanks bro
still my fav megadeth album
give into him. so he got pissed and ran his mouth about her and mike dating and it pissed her off.
what a tool. i hope nat doesnt give him the time of day lol
you're telling me...
literally crying from laughter
did caleb and gaten colour coordinate? (also, look at my bby millie pose)
imma sue my wife if our kid ain't as cute as gaten.
however it is no longer currently in use by the fbi. it's as relevant to current discourse as a 1910 dictionary
who cares about the def. that the fbi currently uses? how is that relevant?
until then i think the best course is to make sure curt doesn't touch any money
's suspected terrorist ties calls into question the bloody sock's validity
leave freshie alone she's been through alot
sophomore* but thanks
the kansas state fair has a butter cow too! (i love the kitten drinking spilled milk!)
this butter cow not as well known as other states ! i love the kitty too
photog who found second bomb thought device was a science project
...we'll think twice about it next time won't we smarty pants
im screaming crying my bitch my bitch she won yall!!
you're next. keep up the excellent work!
what kate mckinnon's emmy win means for hillary clinton's poll numbers
ugh, this is rule 34 for thinkpieces and i'm not here for it.
i emailed you guys twice already :/
cause you keep adding more on what to send
is it weird that i'm crying at singing "bye bye lil sebastian" at the unity concert? that hologram was awesome
not weird at all!
it's because you under french law
ahah! score!
@ me next time sweaty(:
i'm bout to block you harder than ru blocked courtney
it's dope cuz these two past months i went to hawaii and japan. headed to new zealand in january and hopefully new orleans april. lit af
jelly! the travel bug has bit you lol
you're in luck! the moto z play includes a 3.5mm port! check it out:
antiquated
my lone emmys hope is a win for
wait i said this but also aziz! kate mckinnon! fun!!!
a verse on tadkaa saar. translation is beyond me. one of these learned men can give it a shot.
yes the process of making tadka. nothing fancy except the rhyming at the end of each phrase :)
i ain't normally into flowery dress. but kristen bell in zuhair murad was major.
amy schumer in vivienne westwood
&lt;2% of the us echoes, yet in the (((media))) its echo here, echo there, echo everywhere!
no coincidence. ((( zioinst ))) own it own it all.
never realized that the vikings new stadium looks just like the newer big stadiums they've built in other places in this country.
it looks great, i can't wait to see what the one in la will look like
trump has really stepped in it this time: he called nyc explosion a "bomb" 24 hours before it was confirmed to be a bomb. disqualifying!
still, a guess. right?
want a sneak peek at something we're working on for 2017? check out the beta race control!
suggest bringing the line spacing way down in list view to fit more data on screen. otherwise, cool beans.
back at this hot ass house lol
lol i'm be there in a lil
but if it's cold you can eat ice cream inside or have hot chocolate or sum like that, winter all w's summer all l's
and you can't have smoothies
a man who ran to kiss don's ring and cause the present funk threatens better men than he and swaggers like a punk
looks like is looking to be replaced making comments like that!
that's the best pic ever
i know.. she looks like a badass beeyotch
awesome jam
yeah how you been bro it's been long time
. i need the source? and followers.
start here
one week from now to the day, i'm be 20.... out of my teens..... forever.....
welcome to your 20s it sucks
huge innovations at : 3d nand ssds
solving the noisy neighbor issue xeon e5 v4 designed for
cut ur hair first no life - jared
did u just say your man has no life.
you'd better check those specs for the new iphone again
it can be used through lightening with higher resolution. welcome to the future.
na, i meant to. i'm a big fan of both of them but just never got around to it.
heard nothing but good things, especially if you're into dark humor.
hilary clinton destroys trump with a presidential response to chelsea explosion via
hillary now says "apparent" terrorist act
my parents just got my dogs a bed for the garage
omg why is this so funny
in addition, parents are given the option to abort babies with down syndrome, and to the parents that decide to keep their pregnancies...
shout out to ya'll...
how can you not love kate mckinnon?
impossible. it is impossible not to love kate mckinnon!!
sonic milkshake pls
dude this sounds so good
i didn't really think it was possible for to get gayer but then she went to the beyonc concert
too true i think i went from 100% gay to 1000% gay
i'm wearing jeans and a swear shirt
enjoy the weather who cares if your legs aren't shaved
it's time for the tv doctors to go to work.
great campaign but where is ?!!
obama was more experienced than trump, but obama was also massively under qualified to be pres as well (2 years in senate).
wife did plagiarize michelle's speech but that's about it.
setting up the aussie iot racing car demo at the big data stand at
- we've got this demo in the uk too, will come see you later this week!
thank you for live tweeting so i can watch the ball game instead
ha. i have said nothing useful so far. i might be failing you.
suitcase? why?
we doing the pv party tonight?
restaurants need to start serving for the low
i love that stuff
that is a lot, but hey, you're stronger than most. i'd love to do half those things, but i'm too comfortably ingrained in my...
thank you for saying that
wanna trade yet
who do you want im about to brian cashman this team
u can't see how demanding 1st black prez to show his papers (&amp; then claiming they were forged) is uniquely offensive?
no i can't, bc it was not a/b color; rather eligibility. which is consistent to dt's attitude as it relates to .
raiders allowed the passing game in week 1 and then again in week 2. would do a better job coaching that d?
i hope they hire you for having their back
this is your choice
what a nice idea
make 311 complaints which receive "no problem seen" ...then decide if you have the constitution for com board meetings
ironically, i've made fewer 311 complaints here because i just hate stopping @ this point in my commute.
i'm ambivalent to this idea. i prefer hc not lose sight of his job. norton's calls were fine. d didn't execute.
what calls no pressure from your front 4 begs to start changing plays like blitzing your useless safeties
was perfectly rare. shoulda seen the sunday roast beef that b had. positively jurassic.
can't wait to visit your gallery and eat jurassic food!
also touchid just doesn't work as well as i'd like it to. i usually have to reseat, even with the same finger registered 2x.
what hw? the newer sensors are way better than first gen (obvi doesn't change the legal side of things)
knew (knows) nothing about dealing with foreign policy, the economy, hiring/firing people... polar opposite
you are delusional if you believe that. smh.
this is for the family calendar.
looking fantastic !!
anything else come of that?
raiders brass came down at half time, apologized and gave us all opening day pins. lmao.
she already looks like she's in her casket, damn what a mess!
that pic of hillary implies she's taking more drugs than she admits too....
you're missing the best game of the day :)
that is what is for
however it is no longer currently in use by the fbi. it's as relevant to current discourse as a 1910 dictionary
whether it's 1910 or 2010, a woman is literally incapable of 'raping' a man, since women don't possess penises
it's us!!!!!!!
omfg like it couldnt get anymore accurate if it tried
maybe i'm an easier sell, but even the less perfect eps have something to recommend them.
one episode that comes to mind is the clock king. i just can't enjoy that episode.
did she drop out due to illness?
that was embarrassingly bad :(
they know where y'all hang the sign. they need to move the play 60 sign.
exactly. black hole banner has been in the same spot for 20 years and now we have problems? lmao!
gonna slide in here to say, without knowing shit about menswear, that i really love it?
yeah i legit have not had a reaction to anything else
is matt leblanc in anything?
yep. he has a new show that's gotten horrible reviews.
where's the duo shot, pal?
exploring vr "to share knowledge and save lives"
such happens when it's suggested that my identity should b relegated 2 other spaces for fear of the convoluted goals
what does that mean to you?
i keep forgetting to do my application for the soe but in my defense i don't even wanna go there
"why did you do this extremely rigorous program then" i am not very good at decisions i am a libra
does index return the first one that fails the test or something?
trying it on a non-reversed array gives the first result that passes the test &gt;.&lt;
however it is no longer currently in use by the fbi. it's as relevant to current discourse as a 1910 dictionary
"it's as relevant to current discourse"&lt;--that's your opinion.
i fuckin love this dog holy shit
i used this one!!!!
can you believe i went to a party that played fireflies by owl city
it was really lit if i'm being honest
really? you're gonna do me like that? lol.
i apologized, dude!
thanks! that snowy owl hung out on seacoast of nh for months last year :)
did you take the picture
louie anderson won, "master of none" won for writing, kate mckinnon won for "snl" and we're throwing mark burnett off the island.
yay for kate and aziz. boo for louie beating andre braugher
pats win. colts lose. again.
pats steelers afc championship and u guys always beat us..fuck!
are the people in the galaxy oculus commercial watching porn?
possibly &amp; probably
tag gabriel landeskog
goal!!! for jack eichel! tag that's right! fresh off the ice!
rest in peace cassandra, forever one of my girl scout sisters
wait what? is this real?
no i'm tell u dude my girlfriends asleep -jared
zzz...zzz...just stop bro..you weigh about.135 pounds...just stop.
lol...parent herald? if this were slightly true media would b all over it...lol have another drink
of course the "news" you watch won't cover it. it explains why you're so stupid and uninformed.
trump is a sick liar says clinton started birther she didn't says he ended it he didn't. i've had it with this sick punk gloves r off
water over the dam.just deflecting.what next deplorable
i would do anything to just lay in bed and watch bobs burgers with
now im sad
it's at the eden fine arts gallery on broome- forget the artists name but it was a really fun exhibit!
yea we walked by it at night last week, looked cool! i'm lookin out for you
for the love of god, go to vermont! gorgeous there! my mum born and raised there.
- it was gorgeous beside the fighting!
amazing concert by ice of an all-anna thorvaldsdottir. i've heard some of her work on dg and...
forgot a word. oops. but seriously. it was one of those rare concert experiences that i even had goosebumps &amp; my hair standing up
exactly but then i go back to that philosophy when things don't go my way with my optimistic ass
that's always the problem with us optimistic fuckers
but as we both know, there is no walking away to be had in the case of intersectional oppression whose violence is unilateral
when i say walking away i mean the impression that's left.
disappointed in myself because i forgot wreck it ralph exists
but happy i rediscovered it
oh apparently i called it "grand hyatt triptych" (it's the view from the 34th floor balcony facing north)
it was a gift for my friend kurtis () who showed me that spot, as a thank-you for helping me move from berkeley in the spring
jimmy kimmel blames the apprentice producer mark burnett for rise of trump
im gonna be mad if he supports hillary because she opened a bar of pickles on his fucking show
rtrt yo come see me and my bro ! rt rt
where do i get tickets!
oh haha okay
she's frozen
thank you so much!
you're welcome! i stumbled upon you guys looking for reviews for the new radiohead album, and i ended up binging everything! :)
wyo brother
sittin in traffic slidin back across the water...what's good
but no worries, i've got my hat and bottles of golden elixir to help me survive the sun in lafayette park.
oakland hit 89f. glad i put in a/c.
"a devil like jinnah won't be born for many centuries, kashmir will live.! but there won't be any pakistan"
nice attempt st comedy
you blame it on everyone else tho, like it's not the worlds fault you've been a no show 3 times or always late to class lol
i don't show up bc they schedule me when i'm not available and i'm late the class bc people don't drive fast enough
yeah, she passed away early saturday morning.
of what? what happened to her?
ironically, i've made fewer 311 complaints here because i just hate stopping @ this point in my commute.
also, it's not close enough to home for me to do "after" photos for the bogus "complaint closed" responses.
you take your phone on a boat but not to a mets game?!
it's bc i had to meet my husband somewhere ...
a kid from my ap chem class junior year of high school just added me on snapchat.
what's your snapchat
i am not going to press or go these pages again. that's how i got hacked over night.
i knw bb ..me too . tnx for sayin too me
wait what happened???
serious slow clap and side eye action
no. it is my side project. chatting about passion on
so yes/no pv party at 9:30?
bring on the .
hell yea! give and all the
"you don't have to go through this. we love you so much we're in this together &amp; your happiness matters so much to us"
never thought my dad would have this soft side for me .. &amp; it makes me truly happy
one episode that comes to mind is the clock king. i just can't enjoy that episode.
some of my favorites from season 1 are heart of ice, two-face, &amp; feat of clay pt. 1&amp; 2. those were amazing
september 18th and still hot as balls.
and as sweaty!
it's julia louis-dreyfus () on the red carpet 20 years ago and now tonight!
dang! you look great! like a fine wine, you have only gotten prettier with age. rock it girl!
btw here's a good red carpet fashion compilation:
girl you need an emmys for your twitter coverage
confirming me and were at assayas' cold water back in january 2008, 4th row of maya deren screening room i believe
great. i need a specific date though.
thats my bad i was generalizing ny.
lol no prob long-suffering bills-nd-sabres fan (some suffering worse than others!), looks like falcons had them a nice game!
sorry, i meant to say "other people's machines"
what can be wrong to put all your data on other people machines that are managed by people that you don't know?
i joined the bandwagon today as well thanks to
is that supposed to be you?
what camera do you shoot with?
i use a canon 6d. most of the past two years with a 24-105 f/4 lens, but this summer i got an 85mm f/1.2.
i feel like it should be with late night shows?
yeah, there is acting in those shows. it's often done by writers, but that still counts.
we mentioned josh on one of our monkees episodes!
oh cool! :)
one of the best times on twitter was when all day you got to see replays of lenny kravitz' hog popping out of his pants like a frog tongue
this is poetry
happy birthday !! hope today &amp; ur new slo life are the best
thanks cass!!!
you show me that anti trump ad that's paid for by country's that execute gays off building-
if you prefer it when your own country supports the persecution of gays, vote trump/pence
shes been ttyna spank you for like a half
yo talk to team overlord
well at least i beat in fantasy soccer. metheheadofsantiagocasilla
what?? the "hottest" team in the league puts up a 172?
i feel you but the saltiness is in my mouth still
what i'm taking away is that carr/offense is legit. defense needs retooling.
oh wow did you see ' face when didn't win? i hope to never upset her lol
who was nominated for that for veep?
damn these boys
so fucking childish!
i am glad he has kept hitting, where ever they have him playing. i hope he comes back to the al east in 2017.
well id like for him to stay but as long asche goes somewhere he can get playing time, i'll be happy 4 him.
u can't see how demanding 1st black prez to show his papers (&amp; then claiming they were forged) is uniquely offensive?
furthermore, i ask looking within u'self &amp; within on the obsessive nature 2 demonize others who do not agree.
make sure you have your meds for when he lose! ! !
bull shit he will definitely win against a lying cheating crook
australian october run with click for details!
i want to come along
so much love at !
you: me:
forever waiting on carlos to get a 5.slow
why you so mean
ty 4 the tip. i plan 2 call around, speak w a couple women about rental assistance &amp; charity through the church.
that's the way to do it!!! check around going there
i reiterate that she be the new toxie in the upcoming toxic avenger remake.
nah, man, nah- she needs to be a super villain, same with leslie jones &amp; meryl streep
yes but who really wants to live without a glass of wine.
nobody! all things in moderation
excellent! let's try signing out of facetime next, restarting, then sign back in. give it a try and lets see how it works.
it doesn't work. still black screen when i try to facetime. i think it is an software update glitch, happening to my friends
after attacks in ny, nj, and minnesota, pres obama will increase middle east unvetted refugees to 110,000 to stimulate more police jobs.
&amp; hillary will encourage dumping of thousands more to enrich cities across usa making them more diverse. &amp; vetting not pc
this movie is so underrated
i watched it constantly as a kid.
i'm good man! u?
no complaints brother ssdd
so amy poehler's first emmy win and it's for a co-guest stint on snl and she doesn't even show up on the show? siiiiggghhh.
she's sitting next to tina?
had to do both again this morning. busted out a 5+k run and made it to church this morning and post-church tailgate party.
nice work! but what's this about tailgating after church?!!
your street photography is great
thanks! i have fun, and it gets me off my lazy rear-end and out of the apartment on the weekends.
five months with the most beautiful girl in the world
awww thanks bae i love you
don't mind her.. her hears are too young to appreciate art
at least i can spell
i'm done with news.
good, better late than nevet!
also, - i, the dork, introduced myself to by saying i knew you and then neither of us could remember your last name.
how many gettys do you each know?? :p
my new response to everything
me in madden's class when my group wants to write a love story
exactly... i honestly go months without it. i might have a fish sandwich but that's it
thats what i usually get the fish jawns or fries ..thats crazy tho
day 3: you're trying to rally but your friends are sleeping on the lawn mumbling lyrics from songs playing in the distance
so much like my "day on the green" era.
unlike previous iphones, it appears the 7's headphones don't come with a convenient hard plastic case. recs for one?
wait really? i don't recall a case. interesting.
time for super mario maker sunday! playing viewer levels. watch at
spoke too soon. my internet speeds just tanked to unusable levels. not sure what's going on
what chip bottle do you work at? i wanna go get you fired
the one on bascom by the pruneyard please get me fired so i wont have to work again
we all know this a yuge cover-up for her more serious parkinson's disease.
she has pneuarkinson's disease.
i can't sleep for 5 days
deadass?? why
is rails steakhouse a sponsor? this is the 3rd or 4th filmed scene there...
- i know..... i agree!
wonderful scarf designed for deluxe edition. , chopard!
happiest birthday wishes anna
6 if you can get hold of nicholas jenkins, he's best bet as auden scholar i'd say. nice chap: i knew him a bit a v long time ago
at your service.
norton commander was the best!
that thing was a dream!
no problem bro.. one nation
n i was tailgating at the game earlier.. i had fun but no game tix so went home n saw smith not perform.. lol
i got to go to homecoming and a wedding with this stud last night, and yes we had an awesome time
this aesthetic tho
i watched it 6 times. wow
cuz of u i watched it like 10 times..she can lick everything in one shot
last year all i had was bright yellow eyeshadow. it was bad.
i literally have an inch of yellow on a pair of black boots i have
i am thrilled to join the new power rangers ninja steel cast!
it's morphin time! ......wait is that the wrong power ranger series? seriously though, congrats!!!! such a fun opportunity
if she's pregnant, this is a good look! if not, well.......
oh that's bad.
we are embracing ios 10
i'm literally cackling at the photo of in your contact photo of her
"now, we want to be able to destroy civilization, keep in mind, but there's no reason to be wasteful about it"
there's a reason mad is the most appropriate acronym ever.
which headphones do you have? i need some new ones :)
oh boy. hit me up on slack tomorrow. need way more room than 140 characters.
i was literally raised around the mas canosa family. the only reason i've ever been to disney, love them.
but they said i had to apply for the scholarship just like everyone else
if you're speaking of that weird mountain dong horror game. i have that one clip with the music and maybe 1 more
omg yes! i'm trying to do highlights and everything has been deleted already i'm super sad
live on : tampa, florida without walls church
- beautiful - god bless u.
i've lost so many ppl in the last month what the fuck stop leaving me
hey it's me, a bitch that hasn't left ur side, what's good
she started it. you have your msnbc for your proof to thank for it. and trump finished it.
lol, step away from the computer. in the poker world, we'd say you are "on tilt". take some extra bp meds today.
i need new youtubers to watch..
hi! i'm a new youtuber and would love for you to check out my videos!
ignorant prick
obamas has become completely delusional
. choose java for its maturity and jvm tools and libraries, ecosystem and community
should be for our twitter handle =p
this is how i dress at work, and blows kisses at me and treats me like meat
i just like how that tough man exterior cracked into some giggles
well that's pretty dope! lol
it was a nice gesture for sure but it would have been better if they just left us alone from the start.
how do you celebrate a w? follow &amp; reply with for a chance to win a cooler.
i got the lemon! you bring the corona!
tired of commercial patriotism. most of the "patriots" around me are loud obnoxious people.
stop by hq anytime if you're looking to meet some patriots. i've been putting my life into it for over a decade.
niners lost but we are a much improved team
somewhat ..... secondary had some bonehead plays
i might be going to brooklyn to cheer on my buddies during the i'll keep you posted so hopefully we can go for a
ahhh! it'd be so fun! we'll be at the mile 12 aide station handing out beer. i mean water.
lmao fr mejor no digo nada mas. she needa get fired tho
same and agreed
killing is my bussines... were a great debut album bro
oh yeah amazing imo
psa: i'm making homemade funfetti cupcakes with homemade vanilla frosting
is this a psa because you're sharing or
the making of lemmings:
this article had me at "invested in a top of the line amiga 1000"
find the ugliest air conditioning unit and can make it work.
lol the art of awkward photographer stances hah but we get solid shots
thankfully kids these days..no vhs....no pressing on buttons that gave you muscles...just play you tube..*tuts*.lol
-yes, but i am embracing the change anyway, and my fitness app screams at me if i don't get my exercise!
learn about 's plans to become a leader in health sciences &amp; biotechnology research:
lol how about a school of nursing
i might be going to brooklyn to cheer on my buddies during the i'll keep you posted so hopefully we can go for a
seriously so fun, even just for the afterparty!!
., your job is to elect house democrats. why not spend your time, i don't know, attacking house republicans?
do you think a liberal base is just less willing to care abt congress or is dccc foolishly continuing a destructive tendency?
embarrassing for
congrats to my team, the kyle wagners
&amp; too often, if included, are relegated to the category of supplemental, recommended, "if you have a minute..."
yes. or as a "treat" when "real" work is done. grrr...
kumzitz tonight, 8:30pm good food drinks and more! 1225 39th street we are shooting a music video for meir rosenberg, everyone's invited.
who is meir rosenberg ?
gotta think with the sheer number of security cameras in nyc, there's gonna be footage of whoever planted these bombs.
just remember:
it's the stupid new iphone update
don't be fake, @ them
raiders 1-1 for the first time since last year. defense may be an issue
making fantasy football easy: start whoever is carrying, catching, throwing the ball vs
do i shave my head next week???
you'll actually be kris kidd and i won't be able to tell y'all apart
the ad shows him saying things that hurt u but what difference at this point does it make!!
you'd rather support a guy that's going to court for raping a child?
had salmon, chicken, mac, and ice cream today..rip toilet.
that sounds like a good meal
larry david was robbed.
lost to the forgotten bosom buddy. sad!
the minute i think a speech about to be cringeworthy, i change the channel
that was awkward.
played very well on offence. blame the defence. it's awful.
ehh. less screen passes. offense could be better if we went down the field more.
im so obsessed with them
ahhhhh omg no way!!!! i love themmmmmmm
"topple the patriarchy!" dang that was emotional.
...... and then ruined it.
if wants to fix her relationship w/her fam then she will but &amp; need to mind their business
- i happen to agree with you. i was just trying! i didn't know how deep this was!
seems to me they're "soaked in" history of health problems culminating in nearly collapsing in the street.
history of health problems? huh?
i get concerns about it being used to view porn in public, but did no one anticipate that &amp; propose blocking software?
. indeed, and most weren't watching porn. they were just standing there for a long time, bc that's how ppl use the internet.
forgot a word. oops. but seriously. it was one of those rare concert experiences that i even had goosebumps &amp; my hair standing up
powerful. i regret not seeing anything else during this residency but glad i saw this. thanks guys &amp;
you took $5 from me and i want it back.
please send help again i screwed up.
can pls provide her mua's highlighting tips bc her glow is blinding me
i would also like to take a moment to dedicate a tweet to 's style
kate mckinnon also wins the "best person" award
she's my friend, in my head.
you yourself cited an fbi definition. why did you choose it?
i chose it because it supported the notion that rape is an inherently male-perpetrated act.
like if you put a couple interviews on snl it'd basically be a late night show
i totally agree.
lol those are mid af
but you "need" those wonky ass 95's.
trying to put off doing this hw so i'm about to hit the gymnasio.
why do today what you can do tomorrow? lol jk don't listen to me
was that shade on the part of queen julia louis-dreyfus?!?
it sure looked like it.
payan just showed me his gag reflex
it's not impressive.
nyc pressure cooker bomb made with xmas lights. same diy tech as san bernardino. see also inspire mag:
wouldn't be surprised if the suspect went to the mosque in my neighborhood.
her hair is full &amp; fierce!
yes, there is that. i can agree with that
what did you cook??
buffalo wings yellow rice and sweet peas
in for 2017!
that's my dream marathon...omg, maybe miracles will happen in 2017....!
my entire academic career: "oh look at that thing" (spends 3 yrs studying it) "oh look at that thing" (spends 3 yrs studying it) "oh look a
less of a career and more of a... meander
18. what's your relationship status?
emotionally monogamous
i *heart* jill soloway's scribbly pink blouse. fashion credits, anyone?
me too and i wish it had subtitles
you petty, small maggot. get lost and leave now!
where did you get your degree? a cracker jack box?
are you watching your babe ?
omg super bae heart eyes
"in between jobs right now"
seems this is a better fit
he had a very good day.
he had a great day. and 2 good games in a row. not his fault he didn't get 6 more carries week 1
you fhan!!! hey boo
hey! lol thanks babe
amy schumer in vivienne westwood
you are a great human being, and your alessandro michele outfit is so good.
love where stores her speech.
...so what, no pockets! my housemates richard m and joel b are watching (they' didn't notice a thing).
ohio state is in the nation! remember this night ?
lol that was new years eve
when your dads new wife literally doesn't know you exist... yup thanks dad i'm your dirty little secret..
my dad is like that with me too, but with his whole family. i was never allowed to spend time with grandparents he lived with.
you yourself cited an fbi definition. why did you choose it?
right, i chose an fbi def., &amp; you objected to it. so why should i now accept your differently worded fbi def.?
have you ever tried it when it's soft?
dyl you're real lucky you are in florida right now.
still in the livingroom stuck between the chair cushion
your back! lol! emmys are so fun
had failed to catch, on first sully viewing, the hint of a gran torino billboard seen in times square. baller status elevated.
gran torino billboard next to some signs for aladdin on broadway. so good.
why no with . labrum repair last tuesday.
more like..."my pomeranian bit me!"
love u back
thank you god bless all of us in usa all
you yourself cited an fbi definition. why did you choose it?
either, both fbi definitions are valid, or neither are valid. choose.
evp bashing power
keep 'em coming. want to keep up. is there a fact checker?
asked by why promoted birther lie for 5 yrs, cut her boss loose: "you'll have to ask him that."
don't you have something else to tweet about like policy issues? desperation
a gauntlet is a glove. you throw it down. a gantlet is an ordeal. you run it.
thank you!!never too old to.learn!!!
prof boyle predicts when israel falls"palestinians will treat the remaining jews fairly" lol
a college prof, who doesn't know the history of the area?. these "palestinians" are &amp; were jordanians,england's partitioning.
thank you! have a good weekend
have a good one paul
they should be in drama imho
"transparent was born a drama but identifies as a comedy"
i think i found your twin
hello twin, u r me w long hair ken yes she hot i'm thankful
yeah until your house is under water
his house is on a hill lol
car accident, it was a head on collision in whittier
oh my god, i feel so bad for the family, can't imagine how they feel. i'm in disbelief.
no, his name is zachary
*wyclef voice* zaaaachary
i agree with this tweet completely but girl you crazy
i just really wish a bitch would cause im not even arguing. its on sight with a skinning knife
22. how important is sex in a relationship ?
extremely why commit if theres no awesome sex?
we're suppose to be doing it during class no?
yeah we're doing it in class tmrw
you heading to the city?
leaving the city
yes they are do filled with hate yet they preach tolerance. it's sad. i will never vote democrat again.
did you sober up yet? you were calling me evil earlier
i only use my snap for abstract ass snaps. i never snap who i'm with or too much about where i am lol
yes i've started reeling back my life for those i want actually in it. social media has depleted the idea of privacy
i feel like gender-swapping lex luthor would make the dynamic with superman..uncomfortable, unless it was veeery well-written
i think it could work, i mean luthor's honestly one of the most multi-facetted &amp; dynamic comic book villains there is
that is only your opinion. it is not a fact.
it's a fact that women do not possess penises on their bodies.
still in the livingroom stuck between the chair cushion
i love veep!! woot it's in the white house!
3 seconds left, no timeouts &amp; y'all had 2 chances to score
now ik it say w on yall record but we just gone act like he aint score?
fock man on my head and laugh still
you giving me man to fock ???
right, but software to block access to adult materials would've separated the case for decency from the case against poverty.
i just don't understand how no one asked nypl about their experience providing internet access to the public
no they want to protect gays from keeping the gay people killers out. hilldog wants them in
trump offers the worst platform for gays in history
sorry but you need to mind your own business. never asked you to get involved.
- i agree frank - i was just trying to help.
now's a great time to sign up for our nightly newsletter --&gt;
could you please explain to me why trump's rape case is not being reportered by the msm. voters need to know
haven't been much of a fan of gordon-levitt lately but he is excellent here. woodley, meh. cage is great as usual, even in a cameo.
so worst hair ever, and too over acted. that's casting's fault but great and well told story and xlnt acting by
he can have each and every one of my children
or help you make them?
was clay matthews thinking about kneeling? or just about tearing up sam bradford?
...see how this society does us? turns us into automatons "oh say, can you see....?) until our friends under fire &amp; express it..
a gauntlet is a glove. you throw it down. a gantlet is an ordeal. you run it.
and gave article to.my friends with college approaching daughter!!
i only use my snap for abstract ass snaps. i never snap who i'm with or too much about where i am lol
now ppl think y'all are friends because you comment on each other pics lol
what do these attacks have in common? the ideology of "peace" promoted by our potus &amp; hillary.
: the religion of peace, founded by a deadbeat pedophile murdering rapist thief who thought he was possessed. guess he was.
the thing about talking is that like it or not, it seems you just have to do it
i might start carrying emoji flashcards around
i died in the last round but i just said fuck it and used all my command seals
well i hope my doggo helped you get through the first two \;w;/
go without tickets and see if someone gives me some
yay cool i hope people are nice enough
now so fast my friend.
damnit. im hopin for stormtrooper though bc imma be there!
ive been waiting 10 minutes for watchespn to begin streaming.
said, 'fuck it, back to shameless i go'.
hahaha. i'm a viking fan but i'm realistic. think the packers will pull away in the 2nd half. still can't stand them though ;)
fair enough i can't stand the vikings either so it's a fair trade. but fumbles like that are gonna kill me lol
5 years later n i'm still spending my saturdays tailgating @ caven
the only difference is u were wasted in the bottom pic
my permit test is tuesday so i decided to take the 50 q practice test until i pass it and i've failed it 9 times straight
and i won't even fail it after 50 questions, by like question 20 i've already made too many errors to continue
that 3-4 ain't never gettin us nowhere. not with this same rotation its not.
there is nobody playing short zone
it's a fact that women do not possess penises on their bodies.
if you wish to argue that clitoris is "actually a penis", i'll hear out your argument.
talking cheer w mandi makes me so excited
we should def get those sparkly bags for cheer
'outstanding actress in a comedy series' ....the winner is:
veep! rox! she looks great!
currently screaming about kate mckinnon on a bus
me on this bus
i hope chargers fans are as passionate about today's blowout win as they were after the kc meltdown
i am, praying for brother get well soon!
it's definitely a thrash classic.
agree love the rawness to it
simon is almost as happy as i am to have this guy back home from...
great picture! rough loss for the browns today though. they almost had that game
ain't that bad son, but still want to fix it on my own
not to be stupid but did u try pepto or something for indigestion? even salads or other fruits can disagree u know?
only votes worth going after. trump people are jawlocked. 3rd party votes will work in trump's favor.
plus a few moderate, non racist republicans, who can't stomach
why am i still in bed even tho i have 2 essays due tonight and a physio test tomorrow i haven't even studied for..
still haven't started oh god gonna regret this tonight...
i won't have to, because he's going to be your president 2. its $1,000 2 get in
lol i'd have to win twice, hrc, &amp; then you paying a debt. no tx., u can get almost 2-1 still
enjoying amusing audio online delay on
apologies, doug. we've switched to an alternate stream. reloading the webpage should fix the audio delay.
this election is rigged!
(jk i love and she deserves 5 consecutive )
president obama: low black voter turnout would be 'insult to my legacy'
he did fool voters twice...
it's luke i'm ur father rmemeber?
its actually duuuuuuude im your father brah!!!!!
does anyone know just how much exposure compensation this little knob can account for?
fascinating. it looks like more over than under if arrow is 0, but step? odd
happy birthday bro! can't wait to play with you in january bro! much love!!
thanks fam. we gone kill it in the spring
ya they had candy.
sounds worth it
i gave him to you in a sense ih
um which one we talking about
no they want to protect gays from keeping the gay people killers out. hilldog wants them in
trump supports torturing lgbt children with conversion therapy
. on : "unfit is calling half of all hard-working americans 'irredeemable.'"
didn't call half of americans unfit, called half of trump supporters haters. always a lie from trumps.
mr. chilly is a charming app that shows you the temperature in sf's neighborhoods. 40 spread today! (via )
downloaded, this is so charming and useful!
happy birthday to my boy aaron, you the man live it up kid
my day 1 homie! thanks nick i appreciate it!
that is only your opinion. it is not a fact.
in your opinion, women *can* be capable of rape. but i still don't understand how they can carry out rape.
went home with 1st place and overall and total of 1397. there's a list of things i could have...
congratulations peter.
have a marvelous gig today! :)
working with brilliant women producers in my recording session today=rad
canada will impose nationwide carbon price: minister
...effin canadiens so smart eh? what say ye and (housemates, fairly savvy but refuse to recycle)
yes!!! i want one sooo bad
same omg ask her if she knows where other teams get them!!!
yeah lol i bet it's stuck in you're head right now
now that i was remained of that song again it is
bitch i wish
lawl got us fucked up...
it's really weird seeing shameless become a popular show all of a sudden but i'm happy because the cast and crew deserve it
my new favorite
thanks for the fun workshop !! most challenging workshop so far!
that's my boy norbert!!!!! ayeeeee
the neighbors brought us a welcome basket. what's protocol for response???
dance the dance of your people
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
her birthday is oct 26 1947 she's a scorpio with a moon in gemini she has problems with carelessness
i need ap to get less than 17 tonight!!
i need blair walsh to get 21
come prepared for hell fire when you're down here
thank god i'm only there for a few days
now this... why?
you smarter than what you're leading on sam
you are a great human being, and your alessandro michele outfit is so good.
btw none of those people showed up with a hillary's tee by marc jacobs :(
congratulations to for her 5th consecutive win for best actress in a comedy for .
jesus hbo that was quick.
i only mention venom on the basis of the dude who played nacho in better call saul might be carnage.
could work, honestly i think she's better suited to dc villains like oh shit she'd be the prankster, it'd be perfect
in your opinion, women *can* be capable of rape. but i still don't understand how they can carry out rape.
her clitoris would need to be several inches long in order for it to be able to penetrate another person.
intentional bomb doesn't equal terror or terrorism.
it is when a muslim does it.
when i get that "come thru" text...
"i need to see you tonight..."
this picture is everything
thank you!
watching chelsea girls 50 years to the day of the first screening
found this mid-chelsea girls creepy bathroom selfie on my phone
yeah... it's really strange how almost authoritarian people are being about a song... how bout we fix the problems?
the national anthem is not just "a song" to hundreds of millions in this country. they're now tuning kap out. lost opportunity.
another bday shoutout to this girl on her sweet sixteenth luv u lolo
i love you so so much clara thanks!!
we go back. zomp and her dated a bit. thoughts on this zomp?
aite dude hit those twitter fingers all you want.
imagine if a white president said these things about white voters. thinks he's the king of black people
if but what if trump deports you.
president obama: "my name may not be on the ballot, but our progress is on the ballot"
oh yes, the obama legacy....
i think you'll find this to be 100% true. and many experts agree
. i'm talking about the current standard of care, not whether children or adults are occasionally misdiagnosed.
eye makeup inspired by morphe 350 palette no where near as good as when nicol did it
girl this is so fleeky omg
police saying they won't work football games bc of players taking a knee. let's withhold our taxes and not pay their salaries.
boy howdy, that oath of office they take is mighty sacrosanct, ain't it?
yk i just check it both. masiayyy
borrow borrow i gave them back already nvm
if you needed a reason to stop smoking...found at bay st. clean up in a few hours!
hi rita -- i'm a ny times reporter. could i have permission to use this pic with a short item about the cleanup?
do him and edward compete to see who can steal the declaration of independence? if not, i'm not interested.
they do not
i'm not fuckin with no tacos ever again
lmao what happened now?
. &amp; congrats on winning for outstanding writing in a comedy series! great, relevant &amp; funny acceptance speech
... i trust your evaluations...
continuing the catch up. this time guardians of the galaxy with
wow. going way back! jd's first guest appearance i think!
i really shouldn't go on tinder until i like, have a place to sleep
update: whoops!
shes about to cry. changing the channel
her father died friday.
motion for all potato chips to use the friday the 13th font
i want to shadow box frame that bag of chips
born october 26, 1947
even this is a fabrication
i didn't think it was possible for jay to look even more casual.
hair's pretty frenetic tho
. i'm talking about the current standard of care, not whether children or adults are occasionally misdiagnosed.
. has been acknowledged as a real neurological medical condition in kids &amp; adults since the late 1990s.
lol i'd have to win twice, hrc, &amp; then you paying a debt. no tx., u can get almost 2-1 still
i'd hold out, it will be 4to1 after trump get his ass handed to him at the 9/26 debate
coinout wants to digitize the pennies in your pocket
check us out at and sign up!
actually did not know that
yep! we choose the things and give away the awards, the journalism school does it
intentional bomb doesn't equal terror or terrorism.
only terrorists use pressure cookers to blow people up you fucking hack.
you forgot john o'hurley!!!
not by accident
that's the problem (if you can call it that) with red carpet for men, you're either boring or you're try hard
this is also the problem with red carpet women
implies you should feel guilt in the first place
maybe everything in the pack is sustainably grown and it's liberal-guilt free.
rt top 50 2013
... is orgasmic bcuz he can breach the security on my dell laptop from downstairs
i have to write a personal narrative for class, and it's not going well. my title is, "i will eventually have a title," and it's all i have.
pretty deep if you think about it
what is... the packaged deal via
still love this ... n i know it is
the is temporarily postponed due to the unfortunate incident in the chelsea area last night.
amen! will you email the new dates?
like "i did a thing " ...
control yourself please
watching the to get primed for the october 2nd! tune in!
i like but sometimes i need because he doesn't care if anybody in hollywood likes him.
bernie campaigns for hillary in akron drawing massive 150 person crowd
: bernie is proving he has been on the clinton take all along. he used all his adoring followers.
good night love beautiful adam's dreams
tnx so much my life :*****
. has been acknowledged as a real neurological medical condition in kids &amp; adults since the late 1990s.
. the recent fmri brain scans (and i tweeted six or seven other articles from the same "adhd brain fmri" results)...
i know, no way.
kind of like this.
lmao.. damn sucks. u dodged the heartache
seems to be the case
i definitely tried that. :)
hmm, the search... is on!
i'm fine just sobbing on my couch over jld's speech
jld is the fucking best. forever love.
aw that's sweet
you do i hope you get pit tickets though
not particularly, but i've always admired and enjoyed it. why do you ask?
because i saw a tweet where you used a star trek video. i became a fan of the franchise this summer.
can we make a trending hashtag please?!
rock on sister!
[intimidation] confession time? here's what i got a curious creator i~open~sourced a-plot a private dic~tator now we call the shot(s).
*the mind betrays itself using signal narrations of history. time dissipates to shining ether the solid angularity of facts.*
we go back. zomp and her dated a bit. thoughts on this zomp?
you're lucky as fuck you get to live where your team is. that was taken away from me
fantastic 1 wtc! here's one for ya. the new wtc oculus.
gotta see that. nice.
can't wait
easy win for the raiders
it's 99 here apparently
i fucking hate norcal. the heat. the allergies. the expensive kbbq smh
, are you using this torture equipment?
nope! and use it. though i may start.
are you a fan of the 1987 film, "dolls"?
yes, definitely
that's the problem (if you can call it that) with red carpet for men, you're either boring or you're try hard
would rather someone look like an asshat because 1 in 1,000 get it "right"
went to see a baseball game eh?
i think the a's play tonight or tomorrow i'm not sure bro.
the bracelets on kevin spacey's plus one are something else.
this hat tho!!!
i'm getting really sweaty because there are actually more than two options for gender on this application
what do i do. i. have never had this choice before
getting close to mainstream now...
yeah but there is a need to make it easy for bot owners to dm and broadcast to users across channels based on engagement.
i find it rather perplexing that europe embraced laurel &amp; hardy but not abbott &amp; costello.
well stanley was of course one of us...
. the recent fmri brain scans (and i tweeted six or seven other articles from the same "adhd brain fmri" results)...
2/ ...are merely an additional form of confirmation that what patients experienced from having the condition is real.
facebook
any suggestions for the name?
we go back. zomp and her dated a bit. thoughts on this zomp?
when i was 14. so yeah, some dude pays for me to go to a raiders game, im goin.
bryant:cloud massive amounts of data creates massive business opportunities.
i'm unclear why is being such a shill for
happy birthday madam president-to-be
it's not her birthday lol
oh, anna chlumsky. what were you thinking with this dress?
she obviously wasn't thinking,or may be an idiot.thinking becomes dangerous.
seeing &amp; behind the mirror. yes yes yes!!
it was a great moment
happy birthday to my bestfriend always, wouldn't trade ya for anything, love ya kels
she's in my grade so she has to be my bestfriend not urs !!!!!! right??
i love ! you're living proof that don't have to hurt nobody !
&amp; to . i know just what a 's means to his girl
not particularly, but i've always admired and enjoyed it. why do you ask?
btw, i haven't seen but looking forward to see it. coleman is genius!
stop painting rocks, period.
this is troubling news. and i were planning on taking a hike up there to see the . so much for that plan.
i would have to differ
ya some little aggressive things lol
also is wearing a brooch and to that i say louie good sir you are a king among men
(still appreciating the brooch)
but we have one final stage to go! richard cannot find elvis' dog lead! you need to help susanne look for it...
this is why the dog leash needs to go on the doorknob
no they want to protect gays from keeping the gay people killers out. hilldog wants them in
pence policies lead to hiv epidemic in indiana
prof elliot colla is real mad since we exposed his corruption:
i guess this prof.&amp; other haters haven't noticed activities of &amp; on university campuses across the usa
trying not to let it get to me
any new anime recommendations?
2/ ...are merely an additional form of confirmation that what patients experienced from having the condition is real.
3/ in reality, you don't need to have your brain scanned to get rx for meds. it's about fitting a personality type.
happy birthday we love you!!
lololol this is funny
idk what i'm doing with any part of my life
being thick
okay but i need to get in shape because i can't handle any more years of crying over people who get to be hot while i'm just... this
u r beautiful exactly how u r hush i will not hear a word against one of my best pals
home game this week vs bath - looking to stay undefeated the theme is random jersey night!!!
cute ceramic cartoon dispenser:)on sale:
same, i like her, but that song doesn't set the tone for snf
i like her too; however, not diggin the snf song! also, she needs to not try dancing/moving while singing, imho.
watch: julia louis-dreyfus dedicates her win to her father who passed away this past friday.
i liked her bit about veep being a "sobering documentary."
not tonight.
k! have a good week
spent today at fun day with talking level crossings, bikes &amp;
cute ceramic cartoon dispenser:)on sale:
we ate an edible &amp; i already regret it
just woke up with a headache, oh man
it says midtown manhattan under my tweets
welcome to the states dude.
lol nobody is checking for a lebron soldier, stop it.
one is basketball sneaker and the other a whored out silhouette...
penises are less relevant to sexual violence than you think, despite their prevalence.
unless a penis is used by the perp, then how is said perp raping the other person?
this man compared isis to the cuban dissident movement my dude what
they're out here marching &amp; doing hunger strikes but that equals killing people? confused
the new york mets are in sole position of the first wild card, and what is real, and what is not?
is this the real life?
we think so :) thanks for the shoutout though !
cute ceramic cartoon dispenser:)on sale:
the ways that dynamic changes if lex is a woman would be...pretty damn interesting, but also easy to mess up, i think
just imagine streep being all "lex luthor: the greatest criminal mind of our time!"
it's from my vegetable delivery i didn't ask for this. also there's three, wtf am i gunna do with all that zucchini?!
i have many ideas
okay well that's just objectively true
oh yeah i liked that a lot! so did tim gunn
ep 89: dc rebirth week 14, comics &amp; daddy issues
oh snap, jim and eric love me long time.
don't forget terry sweeney from the 80s.
was he out?
you can see my pic but i'm a pale italian french america indian.and very pale.. this cracked me up..
can't see , typos by spell check ..ugh
we should be so lucky.
and don't be surprised if trump blames hillary.
lol i smoke cigs so i was curious as to why?
fine that ppl want w.e it brings but ppl like me hate that shit. from the fact that it stinks to its killing u n folk round u
also politifact is owned by a paper that donates money to hillary
are you ready to start talking crooked. trump is the most crooked candidate in us history
hate people like that, they just assume that you're in a precarious situation
that's why i overcharged him and he was too stupid to realize meanwhile the scale was right in front of him
nah your gonna do it and your gonna like it you hillbilly ass nikka.
mmmm we will think about it on october 7th
why show me when you could invite me
true true, i got you when my birthday gets here
i'm getting really sweaty because there are actually more than two options for gender on this application
i'm really.. sweaty..
home from college for the first time in months and my mom immediately asks me if i'm addicted to marijuana and what she can do to help
she also immediately asks if i have a north indian boyfriend and says "good" when i tell her he isn't punjabi \_()_/
i usually delete my reckless posts when they show up "on this day".
i was notorious for . but 14-16, i must work on.
i've actually dropped weight, soon i'll be thick no more
it was good while it lasted
i'm late but
late but still needed
3/ in reality, you don't need to have your brain scanned to get rx for meds. it's about fitting a personality type.
4/ ...and as believers in a religion that places a great deal of faith in personality tests, you 2 should approve.
because they rejected the one you chose
i didn't reject it tho, so i don't see the relevance that they "rejected" it.
what's that have to do with wearing raiders gear tho
i dare you to go to a game in oakland without it. no i really do. have some fun, on me!
thx for including me, it means alot
no prob bro
ugh tonight will be the first "in memoriam" of this godforsaken year
um the tonys
because they rejected the one you chose
it was good enough for a long ass time.
i wanna play a video edited by 'angloria' that revolves around the theme of science fiction:
learn computer programming
maybe, way at the outside, the thing is that most spidey foes don't work as comedy villains, which i think fits her schtick
oh duh! she should be o'grady- the irredeemable ant-man!
before you ask..that food in my snap? i killed the animals myself and cooked it over a fire from some branches and bark
you're really showing me you don't need a house to live
asked kyle what he is bringing me home from vegas and he tells me his amazing snap stories. like for real...
listen girl i got you my unconditional love coming home right now.
the were purchased in 1919 for $50. recently valued the team at $1.09 billion.
forbes recently valued them at 2.35 mil fyi
happy birthday from the taylor gang. getting old on us...
thank you guys! hope all is well
mr. trump will be one of the best potus
trump will be in the white house, your protectors on the streets.
someone keeps trying to buzz into my building by ringing my apartment... and now i'm incredibly paranoid.
it's too late for packages and i didn't order any food... *sigh*
the timing on button presses to take a screenshot of springboard has become more touchy. have to press home right after sleep/wake.
alternatively, i hold sleep/wake then press home the moment i require the screenshot
we want to help you out with this. does this happen each time you respond or send a message?
so far only this one time. i'm trying to reproduce it
i never thought i'll ever witness what i witness this weekend man.... never
if you're talking fsu...me neither
new ap poll: louisville should be . they'd beat alabama or ohio state given how they played on saturday.
idk about that
the trannies ran them out , y'all still got the killers that be by the handball courts tho if that means anything
what hand ball court i'm on 85th av
...and don't u people 4get this!
thank you so much for saying so. thought i was going to have to become an english/american. we're all american!
if anybody has suggestions it would be sososo helpful thank you
1. "until the very end" 2. "after all this time? always"
so, you followed your opinion, based on confirmation bias.
you have your opinion, and i have mine. just don't try to claim that your opinion "is fact".
how much do you hate this bitches laugh....
hahahha soooo much!!
my friend has been teaching me about string theory, so maybe not.
everything is real and not real, man.
very proud to have this on me for the rest of time.
wait i didn't know you had that
i got out of the shower about an hour ago and i'm still laying in my bed with a towel on my head and my robe on
i'm literally doing the same thing rn lol
happy for u but unfortunately the ppl still suck when u come home ugh
yeah i miss my fam but liiiiiiike not planning on going home unless it's necessary
clinton is statistically tied with the world's worst human so, yeah, brilliance.
this conversation is no doubt excellent - but would you mind untagging me from it. thank you. be well
not at all. you men just don't think
lmfao i can sense the aggression already
one is basketball sneaker and the other a whored out silhouette...
and let's not forget the championship id's sold out.
the person who found the sock was ! congratulations
seems it froze &amp; the social media went to dinner! lol
i'm really.. sweaty..
nevermind i'm not stoked about it anymore
still at 60% ios 10 for overcast so far. but humorously, 15% of my users were on ios 10 the day *before* ios 10 was released.
are there a lot of things coming up for it?
a lot of my twitter is subtweeting my agent and editor to get them to give me compliments
now that i know! you won't hear anything but compliments from this corner
one more thing to be anxious about
firm handshakes !!! also lots and lots and lots of eye contact (so uncomfortable)
even if they say no...it would be an injustice not to have &amp; be at least asked to be on all stars 3
they would have been great
wk 2 of my balls' waiver wire experiment. rostering only free agents. projected to lose by 30+ pts. odds of winning?
i respect what ur doing but isn't it a dbag move to do this to the people in the league? is their money on the line?
the ucla vs stanford game will be the abc 5pm pt/8pm et national game of the week.
does this mean herbstriet calling game?
now's a great time to sign up for our nightly newsletter --&gt;
is there a clause msm signed agreeing not to press him on his awful history. i mean crosby accusers got
also, where did you get your boots?
shoe depot!!!
oh okay, actual touristy stuff. nice.
that is me i am a tourist
"that's not how ig works, you post 2 a day max unless you're somewhere cool like hawaii"
was going to ask if you were still in vancouver. sounds like it...
so, you followed your opinion, based on confirmation bias.
i've never seen rape defined as "a woman using her vagina on a person".
little boys with anonymous accounts have cray dominance fantasies
i wonder if this asshole knows the hulk was created by two jews...
gonna have a wardrobe malfunction in a dress like that
haha. i was just thinking about how awkward her moves are. simon cowel once told her to just stand still.
hubby says i am delicious.. should like it a lot!! his cock feels so good inside..love to ride it and take it doggie:)
so many plans &amp; erotic words,i'm luvin this unfoldin food 4 the brain intellectual story,thank u gorgeous ladies
the were purchased in 1919 for $50. recently valued the team at $1.09 billion.
forbes recently valued them at 2.35 bil fyi
calm down it's the raiders that haven't made the playoff in thirteen years
a win is a win jack yo 49ers sucked ass losing to carolina.
lol atleast that's how it is in the valley cuz all the fuckin work is in la and san diego
you gotta go and get that money. don't stay in the valley when you have great talent !
does the dog leash still need to be found? i am confused.
u just tweet anything.than they decide its found.i dont see the doll moving anymore
my birthday wish is for you to beat with an embarrassing number of votes so he'll have to move to mexico.
lo lol her birthdays in october
the whole state of texas is my house sabrina....
are you coming back or like staying there?
blue apron looking like high school letting out
you ain't even lying tho lmaoo
"i need to see you tonight..."
"if you're not doing anything later..."
i was notorious for . but 14-16, i must work on.
never really spent much on alcohol since i always attended industry events that had open bars, but i def do eat out a lot.
that's right. it's me. i'm the one they warned you about. i prefer the oreo cookie to the oreo stuffing.
i expect you to have your things moved out by tomorrow, thank you.
why is it terrifying? it's simple and scalable.
1. have to trust the host. 2. could step on other containers. 3. misspellings. i'll go off and play my harpsichord now.
california is apparently embracing temperatures approximating that of mount doom.
like a cooler texas day :-)
bc he busy with following his hoes
the da real.. fucking willy man
i hope that's chocolate.
i've never been happier to have an empty middle so i could use their tray table.
why did keegan have to call them "sexy"? this is the patriarchy jill soloway was talking about
he seemed vaguely displeased with having to say it
gay people rock.
. well. read this as a command...and also the sequel to "jingle bell rock".
good ass show
totally grew on me. my girlfriend loves it but it took me a few seasons to get into it.
leaked email: the buys know has 200 nukes all pointed at
leaked email may have actually done a favor.
does the dog leash still need to be found? i am confused.
go play with the kids.it takes 4 hours to do this!
i had already said obama was more qualified than trump, so i'm not sure how his wife is relevant.
idk maybe i missed a tweet? i was just saying she's done more than him. lol. i mustve misunderstood. my bad bro.
he did good! though in a twist of irony kerry killed him at the end of the second round ;-;
*collapses* n-no.... anything but that... reality is too cruel...
until tuesday then right back to la
ugh i'm in san francisco til tuesday we'll pass each other in the sky. lmk the next time you're in town!
you coming with your dirty birds to nola?
ya buy me a plane ticket and hotel n i'm there good buddy.
god bless. julia was trying to hold it together.
she held it together
omg is beyond stunning! yazzzz mama!
absolutely gorgeous.
everybody saying russians r disrespectful these r the same people that wear pants when married n walk on r faces lol
just saying don't respect me have self respect
happy sunday!
thanks liz
i'm ambivalent to this idea. i prefer hc not lose sight of his job. norton's calls were fine. d didn't execute.
te running wide like the did was def concept chris.
i've never played fantasy sports and don't intend to start. should i go to a bar and talk about my fantasy team anyways?
name fake players. rick morranis that kinda thing
thought you were cool. sorry
thought i was cool? you're the one trying to put me on blast with some kids i don't even know.
not just for pakistan,we need to adopt an offensive strategy for kashmir too.have had enough of kashmiriyat,jamhuriyat insaniyat.
this is a land of great ashoka &amp; parshuram,time to chop off every jihadi parshuram did.
i laugh every time they rt stuff that's against trump! ty for letting me know. i need to give mark credit for it
lol didn't know him? who says "u otta see this guy" about a person u don't know?
. we just started the sage program together!
that's awesome!!!! they are lucky to have you both!
amen. jesus reigns. he is lord over all!
for he must reign till he has put all enemies under his feet. the last enemy that will be destroyed is death. 1 corin.15:25-26
i've never seen rape defined as "a woman using her vagina on a person".
i'll rephrase: i've never seen rape legally defined as "a woman using her vagina on a person".
does the dog leash still need to be found? i am confused.
u dont see the items.its really boring and 4 winners for this.is ridiculous.
intel should feature the tech at oracle arena for golden state warriors interactive awesomeness
that would be much better than talking about a totally elitst sport like yacht racing.
if anybody has suggestions it would be sososo helpful thank you
3. "the wand chooses the wizard" 4. "you're a wizard,harry"
zach is seeing my childhood icon megan mullally while i'm laying bed trying not to puke from too much paradise bowl wow
that's how i felt when you saw dev and carly at the same time
garry shandling tribute just makes me want to rewatch my box set of it's garry shandling's show. what a talented man.
, the theme song is regularly stuck in my head, now it will be at least for the rest of the night.
important 2 take culturally responsive trauma sensitive approach w/some content 2 support mental wellness
yes. we have to be prepared for the pain that comes up in our classrooms. not just glorify it &amp; then walk away.
honestly i'm not worried about any bad contracts. with howie "poker face" roseman as the gm
howie was able to trade murray and maxwell and they're ridiculous contracts. no worries
petra... did you find the second device? so many conflicting reports.
we were one of several, but yes.
i am going to check it out my next visit
if you ever get to monterey, i can tell you where another cactus garden is. smaller, but gorgeous.
what's a cool job where i just hang out with animals all day?
do any animals need a ghost writer?
if my bf licked his butthole then tried to kiss me, i'd freak. but its ok when the dog does it.....not!
\_()_/ to each their own (dog's butthole)
oh honey, don't take it personally. was just being grossly generalistic
if i ever call you a deplorable, i'm not being grossly generalistic. i mean it !
u4h=u4
hillary admitted she&amp;obama created isis - flashback!
what's wrong with that
. uh, labeling women "neurotic" and "nervous" as trump does is a trope that reads more 14th century than 21st century.
i'll rephrase: i've never seen rape legally defined as "a woman using her vagina on a person".
all you need to do is a. cite a law which defines rape as a male or female perpetrated act.
has grown so much since her season on rpdr, and the fact she's been edited to look like this sly bitch is absolute bullshit
she has grown on me as well
already ordered 4 copies for a read at the office! can't wait.
you know you can only read one at a time....
when did start making it in to categories at the ?
short answer: nbc doesn't pay enough to campaign for an emmy for snl.
o'grady or white rabbit. there's a spider-man villain who's funny.
honestly if i was going with a spidey foe it'd probably be one of the goblins or a character with a cool power &amp; no real backstory
the painting is $900 and they were trying to sell it to the contestant for $16 and then $6. he still didn't take it.
i would take that for $4.
at anybody even thinking of ruining this night for kate fans, do fucking not. this is an important night and it deserves celebration.
kate worked really hard for this and it's our job, as her fans, to celebrate it.
all you need to do is a. cite a law which defines rape as a male or female perpetrated act.
or b. cite a case example where a woman has ever been charged with the crime of rape.
yeah it looked like it felt weird coming out of his mouth. ugh.
it was oddly bland like they were determined to say nothing hat could cause backlash - "eclectic group with many good qualities"
tomorrow is a classic...here is a clip of whats to come lmfao
yup... can't wait to hear this!!!
what did the banner say that you had to take down?
nothing. it was the normal one that says the black hole that's been there for 20 years
lol hell naw. i only want saints fans in the dome.
asswhole. lol
my cheat sheet for common drugs lowering seizure threshold
would it be better to possibly go off some of those hiv drugs that lower seizure threshold?
"i love the les mis songs." jean valjean, get my things! grab my bags! we must gooooo! the best
one of my favorite scenes/movies. thank you for this!
yeah well you still aren't home so.
3 and a half hours from stl
i should've just stood till close lmfaooo
come back
1) minimal? haven't really played it, seen it, kept up with current events, etc. 2) sure, but any company can.
that was fast!
the little plastic box they came in
oh yes never thought of that as a case!
natasha watley foundation donor support via ...i sarted callin bout 16 years ago.....
this okay ?
i turn on cnn to see about bombs in syria, a bomb just went off in nyc - they're showing our president campaigning. disgraceful.
: there must be a golf course nearby. ban the bread stick with a bow tie from all golf courses.
ios 10 bug fix update for underway
dat bluebottle tho ;)
only 13 games left. where does it go?! headed to oakland for one of the last two reg season road series.
it would be nice to see you tuesday or wednesday
thank you :)
keep up the amazing work and stay representing for nyc
your terrible haha
i know hahah, i'll own up to that
"topple the patriarchy" yes! @ microsoft theater
and look mighty f*cking fly doing it. &lt;3
i'd love to do this with a much earlier notice! :(
same, though i signed up anyway just in case; could always find a way!
i will if you pummel her
i could never
three horrific acts in one day - minnesota, nyc, &amp; new jersey. thank you to our valiant police whose heroic acts yesterday likely saved many
good thing came out right away to confirm it wasn't terrorism
or b. cite a case example where a woman has ever been charged with the crime of rape.
for some reason you neglect law &amp; case examples, and instead focus on the fbi data-collecting def.
i wonder why the titans lions game is the lowest scoring of the entire slate
the great reputation of the bonanza has been sullied by ego
this is what you get when you ask to send you a picture "taken against a neutral background"
more like a chaotic neutral background
great joke. plain and simple.
not in my safe space it isn't
i meant "in the original *array* + 1" of course.
this seems not great :/ "lastindex(where:)" is super convoluted with it like this
so they can block a candidate they find unacceptable. huh.
yeah.... why didnt they do that with drumpf?
grasping for straws jessica? i bet you have ivanka envy syndrome!
why is the first reply from a trump supporter 95% guaranteed to be an insult?
this dfense is a shit show is it in norton jr?
was wondering the same thing man. whatever it is. not good
beer has run out back here ... are we getting some more?
yes, not to worry....more beer coming!
&gt;&gt; i am speechless. most of all i am heartbroken. i do not deal w/change well. i can't stop crying &amp; i can't help but hate myself.
shit happens no matter how good u are.but u have to get a plan for when it does
winner! rt : paul practicing his speech in under 2 minutes.
excellent speech... it's a win no matter who he's sitting next to. if he doesn't win that last comp, it will be sad
sounds like you should be trying to get into the country with that skill set...
damn that's true. ughhh
oh i love you and you look so chic in siriano tonight to the
...she looks great in that beautiful yellow goldenrod this evening. :-)
yeah ... i'm gonna have to say paul isn't the guy you should lob that at.
i appreciate it. been an activist all my life. tactics matter. especially when seeking to unify.
biggest room applause went to my guy - you're the winner in my heart, mr. andromedon.
eternally grateful for him giving me my favorite moment of tv ever.
is shawn actually coming to nyc this week cause
today show and jimmy fallon i hearddd
for some reason you neglect law &amp; case examples, and instead focus on the fbi data-collecting def.
what relevance does the fbi definition have when fbi does not create laws?
and i hate ny everything so take what u can lol
lol that's not niiiice, the whole state doesn't suck just parts...
like it or not, terrorism is gonna be a key election issue in the final weeks of election 2016
how long have you been at circa?
changed my name on fb to reflect the actual spelling of my name, and now everyone keeps messaging me saying "wow thats how its spelled?"
obviously. if y'all niggas weren't so dumb, i wouldn't have originally fixed the spelling to reflect how it sounds.
quickly settled into my cabin this evening and then walked out onto the flat through the mangroves to catch my...
congrats on your first bonefish. that's a good feeling!
what's your favorite sauce to dip chicken in? debating honey bbq or ketchup
always barbecue. always
shari got a twitter
this makes me so happy
ha! everyone got real nervous..
lol! that was hysterical here comes bill!
terrific. we have friends living right there. damn.
yeah that's crazy. 2 bombs and a mass shooting yesterday. what is happening in this world?
shameless is so fucking good
help i can't stop.
please take it there
i'm not these broke bitches i got shit to loose fuck em get that money shaki
that's so long from now.
watch a nice movie or two and i'll be there.
october 14th trump officially enters child rape case and no major news source had reported it.
why is this?
my signature burn is the windburn. you don't notice it at first, but your cheeks are gonna be kinda pink, warm &amp; slightly bothered tonight.
would this help?
8 emmys and 5 times in a row. is that some kind of record? anyone?
//yes it is!
fair warning to ya,
this is going to be like 4th grade all over again when the garbage pail kid "borin' lauren" came out - but the r version.
is there any other kind of salafist?
is there any other kind of american?
if i was going with meryl streep as luthor it'd be a more silver age take, sort like hackman but without the '78 fx constraints
more "rogue scientist/jack of all trades super villain" than evil billionaire
clintons ads, which are literally "donald trump says something terrible" are ridiculously powerful.
she's literally just playing trump's words, verbatim, as an attack ad. that's how bad it is.
twitter is lame no one uses it deadass
smwd deadass, everyone uses it
170 coaches have coached at least 50 games in nfl history. gus bradley ranks 169th of those 170 with a career winning percentage of .240.
also worth noting that preceding bradley, shad kahn oversaw fulham fc's relegation &amp; hiring/firing of mike mularkey (2-14)
i'm guessing their partnership has something to do with it
no doubt. but yacht racing?!!!! what's the connection to the enterprise cloud?
what are the rules on it? same as nhl or international
nhl so fighting is allowed
obviously. if y'all niggas weren't so dumb, i wouldn't have originally fixed the spelling to reflect how it sounds.
but now i'm grown and idc. i just wish ppl would stop blowing up my notifs w the same ass questions
1. have to either way 2. env var inside the container not the host
i'll totally admit to coming at it with old eyes. just expected something more... structured. host fs mounts spook me too.
we're sitting in front of the cast of game of thrones. it's the steepest drop in attractiveness in this entire theater.
i love that you're tweeting through the show. also kiss jon snow for me. thanks bud.
how was the thing tonight?
really cool. harvey took a bunch of questions from the audience...a lot of softballs mostly
lol like smoking cigs is prolly the only bad habit i have.. soon i will quit tho..
i can't call it. you don't want to but you should
just scrolling through twitter in the library when i accidentally clicked on a video and next thing i know obama is yelling, "legacy[...]"
quite surprised more people didn't look at me like, "why, bitch. why."
be like a hamster in that little metal wheel, running yet getting nowhere
i hope that's not my fate.
question: michelle says trump 'traffics in prejudice, fears &amp; lies' - isn't that her job? yea hers and obamas
and she does it so well.
. and the remaining teams head to the desert on a new at 9|8c!
...could these be hydrogen powered trucks pls
current mood: the look of utter confusion on john travolta's face during the cosby bit.
i'm sure he's missing facts; i'm just not sure which
it's just that i think she'd be perfect as a spidey villain on the basis of how weird they can be.
the trick thing with spidey villains is the binary divide between "interesting because spider-man" &amp; "interesting on their own"
cause ur lazy n don't wanna go back out to the car.
i wasn't calling you a bitch there just for clarification lol
god what i wouldn't do to have to be the nominee right now.
that was a hilarious skit! jeb exclamation point! lol
all of those shows are i don't get how people believe that stuff
right. it's all acting
just sent me a video of her singing heathens. i'm dead. i think my wife likes me.
first of all, i stopped my singing lessons for a reason, second i suck, goodnight
.: "police begin mass-arrests at access pipeline, censors " via
. is it now ? today on sunday, september 18, 2016 ....?
damn?! we want to watch some gears action but these players don't want to stream?!?!?!!? are you out of your minds?!?!?
dude it's mind blowing to see some of the content side of comp players in gow lol. it's practically non existent.
population of san francisco increased by 60k between 2010 and 2015 -
and bay area housing stock did not. that is exactly the point.
[nest hq exclusuve]: ducky confirms her fav pokemon is this machoke
please enclose a copy of this card with any future promo or press releases addressed to her
it has nontrivial double indexing (i think), so it's dimension would be 2 and its size ??? it appears to contain 3 values!
it's an array containing two arrays, one of which contains 1 int, and the other of which contains nothing
already lost all motivation to do hw
you know what that's from
. draws a 40-yard defensive pass interference penalty. gb ball at the min 4
draws the penalty but that should have been a td.
my rommie bad asf
thank you baby
does getting hit by a car feel different than it looks
i've had my foot ran over by a car and i can say it does not feel very pleasant
i would also like to take a moment to dedicate a tweet to 's style
idk i feel like is basically a human teddy bear and i want to hug him as hard as i can
the trick thing with spidey villains is the binary divide between "interesting because spider-man" &amp; "interesting on their own"
most of the big names are interesting because spidey, like green goblin or doc ock, while those work on their own are low level
is that a picture of mama cass in your avi ? didn't she die by choking on a chicken wing or something ?
chicken sandwich. are you trump supporters wrong about everything? i think so.
yikesss loll
aj green and rashad jennings royally fucked me
where is zain it's to hot to be sitting outside omg
***too....im supposed to be a writing major
you guys are loosing too this meme is true unlike your libtard crap
you think your meme is "true" but researched, verifiable facts aren't?
watch her on youtube and you'll love her more
omg y'all are too sweet
my favorite of course is mutton . shrimp is pretty good too if you manage to not over cook it :)
where i come from, there is no other biryani outside of mutton biryani.anything else we call pulao - totally different.
we've got 51 days left to win this thing. make sure you're ready:
you do not look presidential at all. you look sadly deranged
been busy with work and was training for a bike race i did this morning...51 miles
damn nice bro
kasich won't "be bullied by a kenosha political operative that is unable to stand up for core principles or beliefs"
' a kenosha political operative ' - that is good..!
i have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. i do not want donald trump to be their president.
then you should've fought harder for the nomination bernie. it was clearly stolen from you and you said nothing.
i've also read return of the gods.
i have not read that one. i own copies of chariots and gold of the gods.
a lil something
awwww! thank you! that's adorable!
i know christmas seems miles away but who's in the mood for a bit of secret santa again this year?
oooh sounds nice! i'm in
watch the stranger things kids perform bruno mars' "uptown funk".
those dabs at the end
damn?! we want to watch some gears action but these players don't want to stream?!?!?!!? are you out of your minds?!?!?
which is exactly why i'm gonna start doing videos and streaming again. a decent market with not a lot of people putting content out
i feel cam newton can guess my age within 2 years and my weight within 3 pounds. or i win a stuffed animal.
he also looks like he wants to sell your town a monorail.
. team responds to rnc chair : kasich "will not be bullied by a kenosha political operative."
"kenosha political operative" just became my go-to burn.
also so happy that my professor thinks of my face when eating potatoes covered in gravy and cheese curds
is this fucking real?
hey , check out this poster of the unreal show your grandmother promoted!!!
who was pancho boy he looks like one of the arena janitors
your time for that pass
not he that tell you that the other day ?
lol totally thought the same thing!
i know right, jld gave kate such evil look after her speech lol
09.18.16 -krew dress shoes for jewel...
gorge and you are a badass.
only trump can ensure our economic stability &amp; personal safety from illegal=criminal invaders~trump=survival 4 usa~
the choice is clear. 2 candidates, one who will continue last 8 years,&amp; one who promises 2 listen 2 americans &amp; change direct..
mostly unrelated but i love simon
me too! he is brutally honest! i like that in people.
was retweeting my tweet and saw your tweet again. great game. good luck with set up &amp; success with new office!
thank you very much. i'm watching the recording now. would have been fun to go to. next time.
does are fighting words my head up is valid pull up deadass
i always pull up, you never wanna fight pussy
will u really. do u wanna just sleep over
ofcourse i will sarah, silly
glad to see jack showed up and not jake ;)
jake had two goals and two assists at umass though
she can't even spell you're*
can you not show people the love notes i write u :(
. looking very enthusiastic tonight
wow...more honest than pols.....
then you should've fought harder for the nomination bernie. it was clearly stolen from you and you said nothing.
you owed it to all of us that gave an average of $27 to your campaign and believed in you to fight harder than you did.
long ass flight from seattle to nyc, but i got wifi so ama.
can i spark you on a spliff in bk?
currently at suicide squad: the six flags fright fest experience! awesomeness! :d
will see it in an hour
kimmel's jokes peaked in the intro. downhill from there. yikes.
i won't lie, i loved the cosby joke. he is delightfully bland.
my favorite of course is mutton . shrimp is pretty good too if you manage to not over cook it :)
use the tiny shrimp. they can handle the overcooking. i've completely stopped using large shrimp for indian food.
ahh! did i miss it? stepped away for just a few mins.
nah. not yet
this is me. different skill sets.
we really need a dramedy category or something. it can't be 30 minutes means comedy.
isn't this awful!! i am so upset about that
: obama is campaigning for hilarity on our dime and using our air force one. i want our money back.
usually takes is "he reformed or tried to redeem himself in some way"
yeah they almost never address lex's age but for all-star superman, because that comic rocks
*has shit load of hw* *orders pizza* *turns on netflix*
i thought it was pasta
i like when people compliment me on things i'm self conscious about, like my freckles and daddy issues.
you have the cutest daddy issues ever.
how long y'all think he lasted before he passed out????
this is you at a party
i need a big night from randall cobb.
i need a big aaron type of game tonight so i guess we are on the same page lol. to a great packers offensive game!
curious to know more about this slide, but can't read the reference, , pls share?
lancet maternal health series.
content-marketing in lieu of product/market fit as a service.
we use data science to figure out what trend we should chase next.
i buy milk and juice in the same trip.
that's the stuff dreams are made of
agree. collecting oral histories from local black women here in the delta was life-changing for ss.
so powerful for all generations and a part of our intergenerational communities. love this!
thx bro great game were mvps 4 me
yeah nice
i would take it for $0
it's called "sale of the century", not "giveaway of the century".
it's funny telling hillary happy birthday ok weirdo
her birthdays in october how can you defend this horrible person
y u bashing me? they calling u a pig and u bash the guy that didn't say anything... and i don't know the rules????
i didn't bash you. i was bashing them. you're the one who blocked me, boo.
oh my god that's right! he'll never know the struggle of hoarding cds!
vinyl forever. cd, not so much.
is that the hasselblad phone attachment thing?
what idk it's from like ichiban kan
i really am. it was such a great experience. thank you for the feedback, it will only make me work harder.
it really was such a joy to have you perform. we look forward to seeing many great things from you!
chelsea bomb was right by my job. scary. praying wellness and safety.
bro i literally walked right to that best buy on 23rd and 6th on friday smh
and failed miserably at this as well.
shoulda had mommy help.
adams can't catch a cold, outside in january with no coat smh
ouch! but uh.... yeah.
saw it at theater &amp; again on blu ray last night, amazing movie, can't suggest it enough!
hmm i think it's on demand. i saw dont breathe and suicide squad last weekend.
he knows his stuff
absolutely! he's right. carrie underwood has a beautiful voice, but she shouldn't try moving while singing.
contextualize your experience/read something for once
that's why your essays are "goals" ab xoxo (i'd normally never say "goals")
could be something unshielded somewhere in one of the speakers?
my guess on noise is the speaker's picking up interference from a clock line as the frequency ramps up.
so frequenter petra mayer () was the finder of the 2nd nyc ied? what's next? was leader of seal team 6?
stephen your cover is blown.
multi-vectored actions against global enslavement are strategically sound
well i'm only 1 going after the bis specifically........it's an exorcism
christichat: rt lindasuhler: so out of touch with reality... pope francis: hospitality to refugees is greatest sec...
this pope makes me want to convert.
it's a miracle, you owning up to something should start doing to more often
i only own up when it's actually true lmao
i'll talk b.c. if you wanna go back that far. can't argue with a collective amount of scores. look at the uf-fsu matchup
i was talking about last year bruh. the last time we played we won. lol you bringing up 43 years ago.
spent 4 hours w/ interstate '76, feels good to play again! still the only game i know of with a dedicated poem key.
games need more weird keys. hyper light drifter has a "sit down and chill" key
a sneak peek at what's to come for this year's mood table... cc
i'm keeping my table small but cluttered this year. but always spooky
somewhere in that thread the word aggression is missing. fyi if some of that didn't make sense
it's all english language i think i understand clearly what you are saying
does anyone have any hp quotes that would be a good senior quote pls im desperate
6. "books and cleverness. there are far more important things: friendship and bravery" -hermione
i would also like to take a moment to dedicate a tweet to 's style
for the goyim out there, jeffrey tambor saying "sheket bevakasha" is essentially "stfu for playing me off"
i am in seattle with no kids and a list of cocktail establishments. tweets will follow.
first everyone leaves me for bourchercon. now you leave me for seattle and cocktails. i guess i now who my friends really are.
perhaps. it'll depend on execution and all. either based on the writer, director and actor who could make everything work.
it's a good example of what i call the 3 schools of villainy- flash, bats, &amp; ff
thank you for the sick threads for my first time ! tune into post
you look gorgeous! should thank you! congrats!!!!
so true correy. i can say i have learned my lesson &amp; it will not/cannot happen again. i never want to be in this position ever.
was he not working?what made it get so far?
how they handle hispanics will be interesting. oversample almost a must now
as mentioned, the sample was drawn for a representative back end sample
a break from sports tweets to notify everyone that i just saw a donut with gummy worms blended into the frosting.
poor form that you did not eat it
a5: black girls have told and shown us what works. are we listening?
this right here. and are we listening even when we aren't asking the questions?
whew. kasich political operation going overt and all-in against with stmt from some trash talk.
you've been schooled, boys. no fan of the gov's politics, but i admire his integrity.
the making of lemmings:
thank you, thank you, thank you. this is the sunday read i was hoping for.
i'm having difficulty serializing data in python. it's quite the pickle.
isn't python like all about serializing data?
apparently 'transparent' is this year's oinb of "this is a comedy?"
same thing last year! honestly, the streaming companies are thinking outside the usual boxes.
jorge should hook up with nicole. they're both sad &amp; size won't be a surprise.
the problem is they both want models.
hard to accept! stay positive until the end.we are all together.all in.stick with us we gonna make everyone proud in the end
i really hope so! we believe in you guys
aha! i hear you. i think i will take your advice. it is time for bed. time to get my snuggles in. &amp; tweet later. gl though.
u betcha! time with them is golden
welp that's that now i gotta go see . i have no say in the situation.
are you coming for real????
two of my favorite women ever are together right now and i'm losing my mind
look at how stunning and brilliant they are you guys just look
gender advocates connect!
super, many thanks! see you at the tomorrow
of course we can't always agree with an oppositional culture. but we can be compassionate, even in the face of disgusting hatred.
maybe, but i think it's important that those people are also held accountable and their behavior condemned.
my guess on noise is the speaker's picking up interference from a clock line as the frequency ramps up.
the speaker &amp; amplifier have to be shielded against all sorts of rf interference. gsm 2g mode has a 217 hz buzz.
t-new lives!
yeah, but he's getting burnt on this drive. hope ol' t-new can redeem himself before this game is over.
hahaha that's the exact same thing my dad would do when he saw me for like a month after i got mine
dude literally he's like so mad for no reason said "he's so disappointed" it's not even the size of a quarter
while we wait for the red carpet to warm up, let's talk snubs. which drama series most deserved a nod?
// outlander!
somewhere in that thread the word aggression is missing. fyi if some of that didn't make sense
for me it's pretty basic in that if your sexuality determines your position whatever it may be then that is the problem
sharing this little detour of a journey because in our 20's and early 30's we think we are...
hang in there, kate.
the fear factor.....
she was going for the al b. sure look.......
fight breaks out at game
they almost killed that old man's grandchild
first game of the season, we won 22-5.
i got a single, double, pop fly and hit by pitch in my four at bats. this 70mph curve ball is going to bruise.
wait, wait... let me get this straight... people are aware about what's happening in venezuela &amp; still support the government....... ya'll
that's wild
i wish i had a reason to wear my prom dress again
wow this is one beautiful picture
gotcha! i participated a lil early. it was fun. only been sending a tweet here &amp; there!
u never know the magic tweet!
bill maher to trump campaign manager: 'you are enabling pure evil'
most of us do also agree with bill!
fox news poll: feelings about being related to a previous president.
she's a disaster
i'm almost out of pie.
problematic... there are definitely days when i could be convinced to trade fp-100c for cherry pie. life is hard sometimes
the 3 schools of villainy- flash, bats, &amp; ff
flash villains are ordinary criminals trying to survive in a world of extraordinary crimebusters
the only beatles records i like are the ones they made before paul mccartney got replaced by a lookalike
i guess the white album has some good songs (honey pie, don't pass me by) but they shouldn't have told charles manson to do all those crimes
btw none of those people showed up with a hillary's tee by marc jacobs :(
one of the best speech i've ever heard. god bless people like jeffrey tambor!!
if you're here illegally, you deserve to be deported. criminal illegals first. i'm a citizen, so i have nothing to worry about
but japanese were citizens before their were sent to camps.
i'm so tired. it's been a long week
all i do is work and i have 6 classes and i have community service
but also jimmy fallon?
especially after this week!
i'm keeping my table small but cluttered this year. but always spooky
that tv is amazing tho. i have no idea where you could even fine one like that
flash villains are ordinary criminals trying to survive in a world of extraordinary crimebusters
bats villains are interesting because of how they reflect or relate to the hero they fight
whoever says that is an idiot so they probably live here
i see it so much . people love to tell us how florida is not considered the south. it's astounding. and annoying lol.
cubans shouldn't be rude to other cubans
i'll stop my slander when you stop yours mhmm
have you seen people who went to work one day and an hour later jumped 100 floors to their death from muslims?
if you mean 9/11 wake up! it was an inside job. turn off the tv you can't think from all that propoganda
we have weird diapers by accident and there's a packers game at a friend's and the pups aren't house trained but need to be socialized and
uh oh i know where this is go
party &amp; take your siblings candy the next day rt
i don't live with my siblings so na &amp; party where?
amy schumer lists her tampon among what she's wearing on red carpet:
she's like... school on sunday. no class.
the voices, really? y?
well, just the one voice.
bats villains are interesting because of how they reflect or relate to the hero they fight
and ff villains stand as the figurehead of broader forces, peoples, or groups
i finally asked him if he was going to continue to not talk to me for the rest of the 6 hours he said "yes"
i got my ear pierced too and he just looked at me and said "is that new" and i was like "yes" and he said "jesus, kailey"
that moment when you're looking for something &amp; remember that you sold it on ebay. am i the only one that's done that? :p
in any case, gotta find something to prop up my macbook while i use it as my desktop.
given that i only ate twice today and *just* showered, i need to keep reminding myself of what said.
if you can, get yourself some almonds or yogurt or something you can snack on so when it's hard to make food you are eating
idk! haven't had to do it manually yet tho so it doesn't seem to come up unless you're saving or sharing data between stuff
maybe i think that cause all i've used python for is exactly that: saving and sharing data between stuff
are you ok, jo? the slight cold has gone?? i really hope so!
still sick :( but making it through!
i want money
charge for e-prostitution
omg i can't believe they had sophie turner say "well at least we can agree the third one is always the worst". maximum shade
basic science: transferring consciousness is the number one leading cause of male baldness
announcing the winners of on sunday!
hi jadine , god bless both of you
i....idk about that
it's an indisputable fact.
as a parent have you ever been in poor susanne's situation? what have you had to face?
we need a bonus! its getting boring!
why is there ? market would build housing. but why do landowners leave ex. soma lot underutilized?
because we put too many roadblocks in the way of new housing. we disincentive the very thing we need most: housing.
(what the hell is a pizza log?)
lol stop it now i want pizza logs!!!
i hope he plays and the hideous hay bruce sits.
i'd play deaza and nimmo before bruce right now!
in every poll and survey now, more young adults say they favor socialism over capitalism. there's no going back. thank u occupy wall street.
it was cia look at . thanks puppetmasters for doing fraud math +derivatives that still r unanswered mike,blockchain?
agree, but that dude screaming for help had me dying.
lmao. yeah, i loled at that guy too. not gonna lie. still, no room for that bs at a sporting event.
i assume the videos are a hoax. but it is a fun one.
the mole planted it.
i fall in love w beautiful girls everyday + it hurts me.
it hurts so good.
ok soooo tell me something i don't know
really feel like you know it all, you're like the oracle in the matrix.
i looked down for three seconds and missed sanchez's home run. from his bat to over the monster in a flash.
lesson learned: never look down during a at bat.
isn't she out of town
no they're back
they didn't even attempt to get that in the close captioning. i was waiting to see what would come up..
lol they'd never spell it correctly
what a bunch of fucking losers. anyone who goes to a football game just to drink and fight can go jump off a bridge
i like how the white dude with the kid screams for help like if he's the one getting attacked
meanwhile, california is looking at europe like "wha'sup, kids?"
btw, california has the bigger population, but texas is the size of california plus nevada, so it would be even more imposing.
i lost my mother a week ago, marisa. a great person.yesterday we lost dorothy hamilton, my friend+biz partner+visionary of no words!
so sorry for your loss. dorothy was a very charming lady.
does anyone have any hp quotes that would be a good senior quote pls im desperate
7. "she's only interested in you because she thinks you're the chosen one." "but i am the chosen one"- hermione and harry
you must ask yourself: who is qualified? who has the temperment.hint not
this surprises me for a fox news poll. happy about it, but surprised.
watching dead end drive-in. didn't think much about it the first time i saw it, but maybe a revisit will change my mind.
from what i saw the bluray transfer looks great. it's on my list of titles to pick up
if you mean 9/11 wake up! it was an inside job. turn off the tv you can't think from all that propoganda
or do you just love playing stupid so that you can embrace hate for no good reason?
needle in a haystack for his follow or any other notice but still got his follow so.
yeah we just got very lucky
steal your girls rihanna slides in remembrance of all the fallen hoodies and shorts.
you don't appreciate happy homes.
rock the swag!
you better be smashin brah
lmao. i am tired of pr stunts
how dare you do this to 11.
hate those kids!
doubt that kid said thank you
now that my bro is gone, back to sadboy timez
those drake feels huh brudder hahaha
/ i miss you soo much baby when we going to six flags again? love you boo
love and miss you moree ! but whenever just hit me
your dad is so fly
thank u i raised him well
doing the absolute most.
nope! ellen did it better at the oscars.
i think a screenspace gradient might be the key to making this work while not feeling to empty
can you animate it, so it slowly changes or the gradient moves? a little movement would go a long way i think
ever wondered why there is a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell? check the traffic on the highway.
drivers get the results they deserve. few pass on the stairs.
that eh enough
aa sorry there
lots of bad effects for something carried by 25=30% of the population. time to figure out how it helps.
agree - there's a puzzle there. otoh i don't believe the mercury study (yet) - want replication.
please do me a favour , colour it purple please
your favorite purple colored favor
are you weighting to a blended 08-12 turnout per voter file?
no, see lv section of that post; mix of self-report and vote history model
i'm sorry dave. i cannot let you do that
much better answer
fuck man, i try to be a good guy and be nice to people but i always end up sad.
story of my life
you could drop the phase "for halloween" there, methinks.
van helsing. sherlock holmes. baron frankenstein. grand moff tarkin. a film god.
actually, gilda radner won in 1977, but still, she's the first to do it in almost 40 years. that's mind blowing.
it's pretty incredible! i'm so proud of her.
amy schumer is not even slightly funny or anything remotely close to comical.
you have not even slightly a sense of humor or just a bit slightly miserable?
it certainly seems like that's the best use for it for lots of people
cinema4d uses it as its scripting language, so i use that to write plugins and stuff for dealing with unreal gamedev tasks
why were kids crying about a hard maths test. the correct answer is it doesn't matter
i take it there was long division in there? sobs of *im never gonna use this irl*
believe it or not, found it at an antique mall for $30 - have had my eye out for one for a long time!
nice!! i love how it almost looks fake because it's so perfectly retro
one of the best speech i've ever heard. god bless people like jeffrey tambor!!
i love powerful speeches, that's what people should say when on stages!!
i found a new sister u was adopted
who's your new sister ?
pharmacist innovators, pharmacistsx?
+1 for p..innovators disruptive pharmacists
appreciate the post!
u welcome. courtesy of
gvt -- ... then this'll vanish
any body favors paki suvers,we should feed them to sharks.
i better get a ride in this pretty little thang
as soon as i pick her up i'll come get the dog and take it around the block, then you
shameful. police don't get to dictate for what purpose people exercise their free speech.
police unions are huge part of the problem
much better answer
and stop calling me dave
the trick to claire danes' sleek emmys hairstyle
her face is more metallic than her dress and that isn't a compliment i'm afraid
btw, california has the bigger population, but texas is the size of california plus nevada, so it would be even more imposing.
and alaska is almost 2.5x the size of texas. canada is massive, even without mercator distortion, but clustered on the border.
so out of touch with reality... pope francis: hospitality to refugees is greatest security a/g terrorism
saying the pope is out of touch with reality is offensive &amp; hurtful 2 catholics around the world.
it would be appropriate in the age of trump for luthor to remain just as petty,shortsighted,and selfish as he ever was, at 70
honestly lex luthor is a criminally underused super villain (pun incredibly intended)
josh brown hears the cheers from the crowd, but there'll still be mixed emotions for some...
nobody felt conflicted about the team winning the game. stupid story.
the sleaziest, traitorous, egotistical maniac to ever inhabit the office of president! an 8 year blight on nation
very well said.
listen i match girls all day everyday that swear they're "a hard match". it's so rare i can't do it .
we've been match wrong so much before that we legit wouldn't know our color if it smacked us in the face.
thanks. article does not give that impression.
yeah, i could have worded it better.
few things rival my disdain for "human beings" like amy schumer
threatened by women that are smarter than you?
"tomorrow night we are back with miley cyrus and alicia keys, your next supreme court justices!" -- the producer of 'the voice' at the emmys
i need to find this guy on twitter. his come back has too good
i miss you back, dude. we have to get home.
we pretty much don't belong anywhere else.
an actual music show on mtv cmon now lol
lol right. i lost my head for a sec. i don't watch any of the music channels
could probably get this working with open source software on postgres and green plum in a few days looool
ah i see, it's a cross-sell!
i was right about the avi pic. chicken wing is more dramatic.
you white supremamcists think we're so dumb we don't know why you are using deplorable in your handles now.
some use services like etcd/consul
thanks! edumacating myself.
the jump seats in the back of the station wagon with the rear window open.
how about the middle seat in the front row without a seatbelt
who wants a dm?
bitch you still haven't opened mine
i definitely tried that. :)
i got as far as this website: but since it's in a foreign language....
.: "... owes an apology."
they r not taking away 2nd amendment desperate is what u are trump invokes hate/violence
i like bernie, but i think some of his supporters took wrong message from his campaign
me, too, i voted for bernie and when he endorsed clinton, i now support her.
so sorry, devastating to lose a pup so much a part of you. we lost our 18 year old lab mix in may. i truly feel for you.
thank you v much and i'm sorry for your loss. our house is so weird and quiet and empty w/o her. can't get used to it
geographically, what are the coolest places you've visited?
lofoten islands and iceland
hold serve!! (after breaking serve last wk vs ....in case anyone's wondering)
as always;big plays called back by penalties.
sad indeed, he enriched the musical landscape and vocabulary.
his son ezra buchla does a brilliant noise set w/ viola &amp; contact mics.big influence on my live set &amp; solo work.admirer
hillary can't win on defeating terror, so she's arguing over semantics. great time w/
thanks for telling it like it is!
it makes me really pissy tbh. do something like grilled cheese for god sakes.
or like, don't do any of it because it's stupid? but really, they could toss out bags of chips and candy.
agree! is the man. arizona went blue when i touched co &amp; va red -big fingers -overall message-it's close
nov 8th there will be alot more red states. i'd believe polls if they'd poll more voters like thousands.
wonder which words we can say in 2017 that won't wake up a robot. maybe i'll buy "geranium" and never activate it. geranium. &lt;silence&gt;. nice
what were the last words in terminator?
i got my ear pierced too and he just looked at me and said "is that new" and i was like "yes" and he said "jesus, kailey"
omg we just stopped for gas and he spilt gasoline all over himself he is big mad now. he just threw his hands in the air
buy data is filed with the fec and data is pulled from there. not based of an announcement.
thanks! also - do rates go up if not reserved early?
not specifically for podcasting, but can find a few if you need them. thanks for thinking of me, jeff!
very kind of you, was asking about podcast gear &amp; field audio capture.
i think apple just tricked me into buying the new watch because they tricked me into buying a 7+ for the camera &amp; i ain't running with a 7+
it's not so bad! get a good running belt (ie fanny pack)
if you don't want a cup of coffee i bet your mom does :))
haha! no! she doesn't need it. all mine. thanks
"i would not be unhappy if i were the last cisgender male to play a trans woman on tv." -jeffrey tambor speaking all of the truth
"please give transgender talent a chance" so much this.
now that i don't do security research anymore, on weekends i do... laundry?
what happened? why not anymore?
"we'll dust ourselves off...and get ready for the next game." watch:
fire norton
go visit your friends at college . idk what college doesn't have a halloween party
my only friend in college is diamond
i suck at evenly applying face masks &gt;.&lt;
what mask is that ?!
on the bright side, the are now in a four way tie for 1st in the nfc west :p
didn't watch and surprised to see the score. does that mean we have a chance against the seahawks???
it's so beautiful i was crying in the middle class when i first saw it
it was single handed one of the best music videos i've ever seen
now's a great time to sign up for our nightly newsletter --&gt;
reliable sources needs to be reliable and report on this. victims of sexual assault deserve this much.
cold as ice.
ok but where is the lie
costa rica (): start expeditions together but take off w/revealed tiles when you like what you see. wem
i like to pretend it's a game about animal poaching.... that may just be me.
bill had 24 accusations of rape tho and that's real!
trump is the first presidential candidate to be facing a court case for raping a child's
she can't be .... she has to be like 26 or something
i literally just googled it and it's says 22 and her husband is 21
there is a particular brand of rabid capitalist dipshits like that just say shit like this all day lol
1) that is a private medical practice with private parking. 2) we should be building multistory above. that is the point.
so, handing out food during award shows is a full-fledged thing now.
apparently!
lmfao its that pumpkin season you and these lattes with unlimited amount pumpkins lol
listen! it's a damn candle ok lol. i am an october baby i love everything fall/pumpkin lol
the difference a lens can make:
and then even wider
trump didn't surrender the birther issue. he "said uncle." there's a subtle, but important difference.
i thought reporter was going to have a cow so funny to see her frustration
i like sightseeing so much but it's always from a car so my goal is to just walk around and sightsee on my own time
only issue is that everytime i walk by myself i feel so parnoid that something bad will happen
ion cuff i go to parties to see bitches
no birthdays i just came to see bitches
unbelievable ; delusionally desperate tim kaine accuses trump of inciting violence - america's election hq
clutching at straws more like
no way did you get those rims!
not till after halloween
i love powerful speeches, that's what people should say when on stages!!
you have so much visibility in those two mins, don't waste them. do shake the viewers, do let us think about real stuffs.
also... there's no such thing as "non-contagious bacterial pneumonia." that's pure fiction. find a medical textbook with it.
it was a strange statement. if she was on antibiotics for a brief period how could her md be sure?
it hurts so good.
i wish sexuality wasn't so binary. bcus like, cmon now. stop frontin, girl.
would you support legislation requiring everyone to attend church at least once a month?
aside from constitutional problems, many view "church" as a code word for christian. big bias there.
lmaooo i forsure think the honey dutches taste like honey woods lol
that's how i know you hardly smoke them cuz they taste nothing like a backwood lol
i worry pence is a less toxic personality but far more scary ideologically. pence+repub house&amp;senate= terrifying!
they're a scary fricking couple, tweedle de and tweedle dumb!
pharmacist innovators, pharmacistsx?
w can also chng the name later ;) easy on fb
tell you what love, i'll leave him alone when his fans stop being racist, sexist and just general assholes? okay? :)
you can't blame him for some of his crazy ass fans.
i'm tryna figure out how to physically reproduce it tho
split infinitives in your original tweet and in your response.
i can't believe i have to go to school tomorrow &amp; look my writing teacher in the face &amp;have her lecture me about not giving in my 1st drafts
i barely submitted my journals
sold! when can you move in?
let me book a flight now
what does fishburne have onnnnnn
wish it was his cowboy curtis outfit tbh
1) that is a private medical practice with private parking. 2) we should be building multistory above. that is the point.
3) personally, i'd prefer regulation that mandated housing above retail.
we're ready to tweet!
this won't end well.
most true thing you've ever said, i can't relax
try having your whole week hinge on jay cutler!!
split infinitives in your original tweet and in your response.
first, i thought it was an anomaly
where are the happiest europeans? not in big cities, survey says.
you mean not in the eu?
thats my favorite movie!
me too it is goals in everyway, i need someone to cut open my turtleneck on white egyptian cotton sheets in the hamptons
and alaska is almost 2.5x the size of texas. canada is massive, even without mercator distortion, but clustered on the border.
. so alaska is the size of western europe, and africa is the size of the continental usa + india + china.
"men aren't funny" is a hill i will die on
we will be so happy 2gether on our hill
cnn's sally kohn: it's 'good' if conservatives feel unable to speak on campus
what sewer do these people come from?
all of these jennifer lopez l'oreal ads just remind me i will never look as young as j lo at 47.
tbh i already look older than j lo
deschanel family
what a beautiful fam. all very talented.
my hate is personal.
gotcha, sorry guess that's my bad in return! course i didn't call u a pats fan... lol. really tho sorry!
love my mom but i wish she gave birth to me in green bay
i was born in the bronx. to a family of diehard brooklyn dodger fans
the history of black people is always invisible or erased or made into an otherness to justify abuses.
true that ambassador. sad but true so much.
maybe, but i think it's important that those people are also held accountable and their behavior condemned.
personally, i've endured some deep hardships in my own past. bullying and isolation.but i still didn't turn spiteful and hateful.
i get scared when bad things happen in nyc because is there but then i check twitter and realize he's fine
hahaha aw abs ilysm. yeah only be worried whenever there's been a significant amount of time w/o tweets/snaps
! like &amp; rt for a chance to win 5 items! winnners announced 9/19! blackwanda
two of my fave things socks and coffee. !
real talk! smh
for real though
with the tour all wrapped up i've got two days of promo for goat in nyc and la then off to my next adventure..
so when will you be in ny ??
actually its ur bedtime gtfo
i'm a ghost nigga
literally me
when do you get your phone
yes. i've never done such a thing before.
guess that puts me in a rather exclusive club. :p
hillary, i know you have double-vision and memory problems-documented by the fbi-but your hypocrisy is stunning.
go get her judge, i love your show and record it every week. your views of hillary and mine are right on! give them hell!
kathy and rosie were quick to jump against teresa (with caroline and jacq) but now that teresa is back on top they want to be"family"
exactly. if they cared so much about family they wouldn't have gotten on the jac-caroline vicious train.
category is: lana del rey meets yellowstone national park
category is: like my asshole while kelly ripa watches
first, i thought it was an anomaly
then when i saw the response i realized something far more serious was going on
joel sollender, wwii veteran and pow, on what it means when he hears trump insult our vets.
military times survey: troops prefer trump to clinton by a huge margin by: shane &amp; altman
i decided to finally get into the whole fate/stay thing. opens laptop. ah. sees fate/kaleid on cr.
if you want to get the good stuff to horrible stuff ratio just read my posts about prisma illya.
u flexing for no reason i just trying to help u guy
lmfao how if the tweets gone !
with the tour all wrapped up i've got two days of promo for goat in nyc and la then off to my next adventure..
what about kingdom?
that's why hugo calls me daddy
you liar hugo only eats food that was previously frozen
being nice only gets you so far
being a slit get you farther
*hugs* i know the feeling.
well, it was just a nap. a bit of a long nap, at that. :p
i feel like you're not also watching the emmy's though
im not ik i have so much hw and i just got back from a show though deep in my soul i'm watching it
why did bin laden take credit for it?
at this point you are just embarrassing yourself.
i decided to finally get into the whole fate/stay thing. opens laptop. ah. sees fate/kaleid on cr.
otherwise the signal to noise to far to high on that series.
omg we just stopped for gas and he spilt gasoline all over himself he is big mad now. he just threw his hands in the air
lmao he just got back in the car and said "i spilt gas all over me i might as well light myself on fire" i am
i wonder sometimes who writes for the nytimes. " red was a trend on the emmys red carpet. see all the looks here "
red is the most obvious color for a carpet, cmon kids!!
rt for your chance to win a chess set from disney's !
i already have my tickets for this movie
a theory? polls have margins of error &amp; some trump fans don't want to go on record. doesn't mean all polls are wrong
hillary supporters should hide their faces...sorry that's my opinion...
this pic explains how my life is going
best friends take pictures of you when you fall down instead of helping you up
clever twitter name
it would be even funnier if you went to wolcott
rt if you hate pbj sandwiches
who don't like a good pbj
there are icd-10 codes for... bitten by cow hurt at opera burned by water skis on fire but not... "non-contagious bacterial pneumonia"
loved your response.thanks.
make america sandwiches again
peanut butter and jelly. stronger together.
this won't end well.
keep that kid quiet
i have never wanted a peanut butter and jelly sandwich this bad.
i can make you one, just might take a while to get to you lol
q: in nyc, what are the "deep tech" startups? (name, sector, links?)
you gave me an idea for a blog post. a lot happening thankfully.
seems like people in the rocket analysis field are allergic to quoting confidence intervals
the confidence interval here is "based on previous experience that we're not very good at this or it's just really hard."
whaa song is dat i forgot
hey there duh btch
the kids &amp; the old man- my 50th bday
nice pic and happy birthday cheers
not to be lost in the satisfaction of a 35-21 a side win and 27-12 b side win against mississippi state in...
congrats from
. so alaska is the size of western europe, and africa is the size of the continental usa + india + china.
that is a cool website. i had been trouble finding a good way to undo the mental illusions from a lifetime of mercator distortion.
just imagine how intolerable i'm going to be when the eagles play tomorrow night
are we making a bet?
what i'm watching/reporting on: signs of any connection between nj + nyc bomb trigger devices. investigators focus on whether larger plot
tnx, andrea. keep us informed. right now focus is on more important stuff -- like the emmy awards
yeo bring me a bacon egg &amp; cheese tm deadass
no but i'll bring myself one
thank you for calling me a racist !!. those disingenuous smears reassure me of your desperation.
trust me, it's not desperation. i just call out the hate of white supremacy.
jeb! made a pretty funny cameo in jimmy kimmel's opening emmys bit
loved jeb! this was a great emmy beginning!
unbefuckinglievable.
right? can't believe someone hacked my account and tweeted that smh
can we sub out tony dicicco?
haha, yes please!
living proof that to vote democrat one must be deliberately obtuse and blind.
no, i just don't choose to vote for a traitor who is voice for scum.
i just hope sanchez isn't another shane spencer or kevin mass ounce the pitchers adjust to him..
i don't think so he was highly regarded in the system hopefully he has a posts like career or better
as a parent have you ever been in poor susanne's situation? what have you had to face?
a lucky tweet
agreed. can we do this, ?
you heightened my game, amy's proud!
hi my name is laura and i love video games
hmm i hear what you're saying, but can you name three of thier songs?
when you think you look like a mess on sc but have multiple men in your messages
i really have no idea how the look like bc i don't add them back so the conversation is small but it's good to know i'm appreciated
literally three of the four shows/movies he lists are mob related. and rocky even worked for the mob!
how many oscars did the actor get for long duk dong?
too surreal for this feminist who went to hebrew school, hearing both "topple the patriarchy" and "sheket b'vakashah" on the
not sure i like being in the cultural mainstream like this! identity crisis!
until sexuality is no longer seen as a tool to be used as a destructive social construct, it's a determining factor
that may be but if it in of itself solely determines your position there will be very few places that allow people to align
all the kittens
: they earned their rest after slaying the catnip mouse. fearsome kittens!
when i saw blair witch on friday, theater was mostly empty. ~45 mins in some guy comes and sits right in front of me, pulls out plastic bags
i shit you not, dude takes out a container of chinese food and starts eating it with chopsticks. finishes one, rustles in bag, grabs another
destiny: are those your real nails? they're ugly me: okay you don't even have nails destiny: i have enough to scratch your balls
wtf you guys are men !
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
the "really disgusting" thing is you, . get out of doonbeg, clare will not let you build your (sea) wall
it's pretty nice that eth has a spec and multiple implementations, in cases when there's a bug in a particular implementation.
they have multiple implementations? i did not know what.
city traffic with 200 people: 177 cars 200 bicycles 3 buses 1 rail train we are the traffic.
200 people could fit in 50 cars, if they were going to the same place.
the second one is invalid
the second one is more than valid
i dislike when they get logical on us.
that and late dinner is an okay thing. :/ he has already had a long day in the sun. he'll be asking for bed tonight. :p
orientation is a determining factor whether i want it to be or not. misconstruing that is a problem.
misconstruing what?
orientation is a determining factor whether i want it to be or not. misconstruing that is a problem.
misconstruing what?
wwhhhaa?t?? beautiful!!!
thank you sophie! i love your work ;__;
, doesn't deserve the hate he's getting: let's save some for his shit-head followers, too stupid to even google the truth.
google results can't be trusted b/c google want hillary to win. (literally something a trump-er said recently)
you have so much visibility in those two mins, don't waste them. do shake the viewers, do let us think about real stuffs.
never watched transparent, but i am so tempted after tonight.
don't forget jld also wins best pretending to care someone besides her won face.
maybe she's in a bad mood because her dad died two days ago?
murrays pads
his whole set up is so fresh
hey! how's everything
everything's good. you know i'm in ny now. just adapting ya know. how bout you?
but the press is dangerous with a lead. means we gamble when we don't need toon
i'd argue that not pressing has lead to 20 dropped points from leading positions. more dangerous to me.
i did and it came down from the heat from the other tower. research, stupid idiotic debunked theories about 9/11
moronic! you have to ignore hard science to believe those lies. you are officially a retard. go wave your flag stupid.
talk about dumb! the entire world knows why except her?
oh she knows. it's the new dog whistle. using deplorable in your twitter handle to id yourself to others.
yes. i think would agree with this
- there is always hope &amp; timing is everything!
hey , i'm wearing you to the office on monday... and i'm going to make everyone jealous.
i know that guy
i shit you not, dude takes out a container of chinese food and starts eating it with chopsticks. finishes one, rustles in bag, grabs another
he finishes a second container, very loudly puts them back in his plastic bag, leaves it on the floor, and then just leaves.
where are you?
mason street exit of the hotel.
great meeting you! we will definitely be in delhi in the next month for the coloring book, so we'll hit you up.
we didn't see you at the dog walk! let me know if you guys can ever make it over to delaware county!
what do those two have to do with each other???? but my window is 09/27-10/10
nothing. i saw your name and hit reply instead of making a new tweet. and i asked bc i saw ads for the 7 on my feed
i don't know if i trust this at all.
do you trust sports-shaped bread???
i have tried over 100 high quality olive oils. this is far and away my favorite. what is yours?...
italian? are you serious?
hmm i hear what you're saying, but can you name three of thier songs?
(this is bad joke, i believe you probs know more about games than me but i wanted to make the joke for the funs, plz hate me)
.: "hillary is so desperate for the black vote that she insists on creating race issues."
don't forget that willie boy clinton was really the first black president! i know another line of his bullshit.
yeah when your type starts to prefer regulation i'll sell my blood to peter thiel
regulations we support: mandating that the suburbs build their fair share of housing. no more isolated wealthy communities.
wow. thank you brandan!
the jaws of life wouldn't be able to get the chorus from 'religion' unstuck from my head right now.
what kind of credit limit do you need to get a 24-karat gold ?
i would be terrified of losing that thing.
it's too hot...
*shares a sundae with scoops in the shape of a butt*
yeah, that's a great comeback. that was truly one of the best performances ever.
exactly man. exactly.
here's the correct way to apply concealer
with farfalle and tomatoes?
sadly true. maybe sanchez co-opted all of travis's power.
yeah, that's the strange thing. tda had 8 hr's in a month and a half after his second return.
our love and prayers go to those affected by the bombs in manhattan last night.
hoping all of our employees and customers located in nyc are safe and okay ! , , .
tbh betting on jay cutler or carson wentz seems like the sort of thing we'd be wrong to do while at ces lol
now that is the sad truth
he finishes a second container, very loudly puts them back in his plastic bag, leaves it on the floor, and then just leaves.
i want to hire a documentary film crew to follow this guy around. where did he go? how did he end up in a screening of blair witch?
(this is bad joke, i believe you probs know more about games than me but i wanted to make the joke for the funs, plz hate me)
*plz dont hate me
don't do your job (and civic duty) because of someone's peaceful protest. how american.
unions.... ?
ditto on uws. rooting for you (&amp; we love ya!) but getting harder to justify lines &amp; predictable disorganization
thanks tor the heads up + sorry about the subpar experience. can you dm us details so we can address? thanks! -lauren
. human life jackets at the un
please accept my correction. yes, human beings.
fuck. i was trying to subtweet you
so i act like an alcoholic and i am one and that's just my life so what
i did and it came down from the heat from the other tower. research, stupid idiotic debunked theories about 9/11
your stupidity is a burden to all humanity
he finishes a second container, very loudly puts them back in his plastic bag, leaves it on the floor, and then just leaves.
in short, people are monsters and movies are bad
yo twitchcon is going to be a blast, get ready.
who of you are coming?? can't wait to see you!!
i know i'll sleep better tonight knowing this! love follow! best parody acct ever!
only unofficial
or it could be equally as funny if you went to red creek
you weren't in band when it happened tho
i agree but psg won't sell verrati/thiago silva in january.
i would take rugani over musacchio now that i think about it. could be a 10 year tandem.
regulations we support: mandating that the suburbs build their fair share of housing. no more isolated wealthy communities.
2) strong eviction protections. our board is 100% renters.
gossip girl got me all types of fucked up.
same. it's been 7 years
every time anything wins "best reality competition" and it's not named
at least it didn't give us drumph!
even fox news's poll finds americans think trump is unqualified for the white house via
i don't understand. why would you support someone who isn't qualified? kind of stupid.
i was nervous during the dr. bill cosby joke, to be honest.
"meanwhile i'm butt naked on cnn! i just wanted to feel beautiful y'all. can a sista feel beautiful?" leslie!
personally, i've endured some deep hardships in my own past. bullying and isolation.but i still didn't turn spiteful and hateful.
it's a choice. people have the right to be angry, obviously. but not to direct that anger at people who've done nothing wrong.
"since you're good at protecting things, i've got a job for you: my twitter account!" oh my gooooood yesssssss
bc twitter certainly isn't doing its part
i was just offered tofu fries at an emmy watch party. guess it's time to move back to the east coast.
you're telling me that same thing didn't just happen to someone else in bkn?
our in the 1st place wild card spot!!
it's gong to be a super series!
he may have to....
not a good sign of confidence
kathy &amp; rosie were always banking on everyone having beef with teresa. must be lonely on that island now
the wakiles and rosie should go on that is who they chose instead of their family. kathy can bake
martha stewart: 'i'm voting for hillary clinton' | getty
one jailbird to another.
i analyze the way many campaigns take on "the feminist role" of "care free women" &amp; on one hand it's effective but again it's erasing the
victims that i forced into these life styles through trafficking, drug addiction etc
according to the law of "gravity" beach balls should stay under water. why don't they? are they "anti-gravity" beach balls? lol
i can't believe an adult tweeted this
garry was the best. awesome to see them recognize his genius.
your tribute to him on freaks and geeks makes me cry.
wait im lost
ima txt u its overmainey
hoping all of our employees and customers located in nyc are safe and okay ! , , .
it's cheap for apartments there?
if u go for a two bedroom not really if u go for a place that has 3 or more yeah
what if designers from different depts worked in same room? what if devs from different depts worked in same room?
finest kind, mixing folks up sparks conversations which would never have happened otherwise... and thus cross-fertilizes ideas
birther? who promoted that? was not born, she was hatched. just look at her!!
you are deplorable just like trump need i add poorly educated?
man imagine arguing with your girl and she just start doing this
i'd be scarily intrigued
super moon rising over the railroad tracks at rush hour during the last days of summer. goodbye, goodbye, summer.
beautiful. where was it taken?
wapo: check out the of gala goers watching hillary. among democrats, deep concern about clinton's hispanic strategy
hillary has 50% lead over cheetonazi among hispanics, he has taco bowls at trump tower &amp; his wall mexico won't pay for.
thank you sir
welcome bro
visiting friends out in carmel valley a few years ago, delighted by very large flock w a massive tom; they hung out for 3 days
love the pics of them! thanks for sharing.
i'm embarrassing you. ever heard of the wtc attack in 1993? bin laden's dec of war on the us?
retard stop draining humanity with your stupidity
round 2 of our kraken/roy question: should gary sanchez be al rookie of the year if -- key phrase here -- he keeps this up?
no. has only played, what 35 games, tops?
this actually made me do a 2x take. all of latin america &amp; caribbean? as in the entire americas except us &amp; canada?
presumably it's not just pregnant women who shouldn't travel to, um, virtually all of the americas. also partners, women trying to conceive?
2) strong eviction protections. our board is 100% renters.
3) extremely well funded public transportation. perhaps no more free parking? all that money could go to trains &amp; buses.
looks good to u don't? looks fun
me a ask you! i haven't watched it yet lmao
google earth is also good, of course. i was just thinking that it's good that google doesn't purposefully slow down their ios apps, lol.
even a two-year-old iphone has no trouble with google earth. microsoft was often accused of weakening the mac versions of their office apps.
keisha from power is peng
yea 'la-la can get it!
it was a hasty tweet
lol i understand the sentiment..by the way thanx for the win courtesy of the denver defense
"of all the abs today, that was probably the biggest." but can it boost michael conforto?
only if tc plays him!
psa: check your astrology signs they have been changed
were gonna act like that didn't happen
also i was trying to draw like a self-indulgent au thing but i ruined it by giving karamatsu a karamatsu horse
*cue that whistling theme from the anime*
my understanding is that waterworld is the first feature length film adapted entirely from a universal studios show
another fun waterworld fact is that it is the only good movie
if u go for a two bedroom not really if u go for a place that has 3 or more yeah
but no landlords wanted to rent out a 3 bedroom to me without roommates present so im wasting my parents $ at a 2 bedroom
luv u guys, now google kaelin tully bobby flay if u want to hear a real american love story
. im crying this is so incredibly heartwarming now if only guy fieri would return my texts
so i guess you missed trump, jr, making a white power "joke", too.
i dont let the media control my thoughts, keep letting them shape your mind.
reasons im not at liberty to publicly speak about
now you fucked up
never watched transparent, but i am so tempted after tonight.
and leslie jones, you are still a major loser btw!!
too many resources out here . too many pro level techniques &amp; products available for this to be it anymore .
i agree. i've learned to adjust my colors with concealers if necessary. make-up has come a loooonng way so there is no excuse.
47 united states senators committed treason for netanyahu of israel then recently approved a $38
but you can trust iran. okaaay
tv is so good rn
it's the golden age of t
by the way, julia louis-dreyfus' dad was loaded billionaire
the dreyfus from dreyfus funds. explains why she could quit school and go on snl at 20.
they need some marketing help. the speeches should be for the audience, not the insiders.
i can't get past the presenter banter. it hurts.
same, but then i started thinking positive more about getting it &amp; i didn't give up on getting it either so here i am now
yeah same he followed me before he turned 21
marine colonel's letter to nfl commish for allowing national anthem protests--absolutely blazing
nigger fuckin league fro some, stop watching, what's his paycheck?
any win is a good win not pretty. o was ugly, d was decent didn't let db9 go nuts
yeah our defense has been solid to start the season. always good to 2-0 but we still have work to do. happy to see cruz have his
oh i will turn ya location on
on! come fight me!
all me and lauren do is talk about conspiracy theories
hmu if you know some good ones
i'm still here in jersey.
well, i was going to say you were one of those friends i mentioned, but that was before this whole nothectorcon thing.
. human life jackets at the un
yes, human life jackets. my humble correction
this schedule already has the bears losing by -3 lmbooo
need them to win
loving kerry washington's hair right now!
loving everything about kerry washington.
oh come on! specially if they cute lol
they get done every other week !
what that asshole said exactly?
i'll send you it in the group chat it's long af lmao
does this have something to do with the end (first in the reverse) index being the index "beyond the end"?
probably yes, but the resulting behavior is so unintuitive that i question if this is correct :/
thanks for the snacks ! can we get a to go box?
as a voting member, i love this night with the
bradford gonna have to make them respect the throw
we don't have an offensive line, if our shitty safety sendejo didn't fumble a fumble we would have won this game
3) extremely well funded public transportation. perhaps no more free parking? all that money could go to trains &amp; buses.
4) high taxes on the wealthy to fund all the vital public services this city and lower income residents vitally need.
madam conveniently forgets 17 deaths at the hands of terrorists!!!!
i won't call this bitch a madam,if i do,she will be head madam of whore house.must throw these types out ofdcount
my facebook feed is a dark place
this post got 114 likes
is the adult in the room. he and make me so proud.
they should make all sane americans proud
these. are. art.
thank you so much!!!!
no, i pretty much think every trump supporter is a moron, regardless of their race.
no, it was about putin, you said how could i go for the white man instead of obama, obama isn't even american black.
i mean i could hate you since you asked....but....i think ill let it slide this time
i just wanted to make the joke sooooooooo baaddddd
whet ? rt : i got blessed... with kids like mine...
exactly so not just me then?
billion dollars in foreign aid, to be in part laundered back to them as a payoff
both obama and the two big party elites are laughing at you
do u call ned or coattails # pullstringsfortheseboys
nah, unlike the self proclaimed , i refer to my coattails as my .
hahaha. your desperation is palpable. it's over and your dying hags internal polls are showing it. denial is tough.
nah, we took down you people in the 50s, we'll do it again in november. back to the shadows hater.
very false lol
no it's somewhat true lol
brought him some freedom, brah
i've alerted the spca
or, you know, you could just use ... it's awesome and could change your life right now. :)
i already am, sir. i'd just like for it to be linked with the rest of my life on and
yeah, that's a great comeback. that was truly one of the best performances ever.
it was a trite unconcerned character. rocky, the godfather were made by italian-americans about italian-americans.
support hillary by taking the challenge.
regardless [clinton or trump] results would be (sadly) telling ...and not in a good way.
fuck that fake ass clay thompson looking ass mf
don't speak about him in that way
i fucking lost it
i just don't see what the old guy was bugging for
will you be bringing all your dvds/blu-rays though?
ughhhhh you know how expensive shipping all that will be
that's you. you're wasting your time chasing fairies, while the rest of us moved on
you are an embarrassment and a waste of space. utterly stupid and a burden for humanity to carry.
"there is a realization that trump is a con man, and that that is a big part of the story" --
thanks carl for telling it like it is. fyi take heed!
there's absolutely no got damn ally in the got damn world worth $38 billion dollars period
but only iran, right? $$$
that was 74 years ago, during a world war, under a democrat president. stop believing in liberal lies.
as china becomes stronger &amp; eventually surpasses usa gdp wise, hate for asians will grow.
for the most part, i can bc he encourages their behaviour and talking bad about him pisses them off so that's also why i do it
maybe i missed something because idk how he encourages it. i think he's aware of the craziness and has acknowledged it before
i just wanted to make the joke sooooooooo baaddddd
my dream is to real life, "new phone, hu dis?" someone
noticed many sites using webpack don't use code-splitting. is this due to 1. difficulty, 2. awareness or 3. bundle small enough?
difficulty and awareness. there's lots of misinformation out there. took me 1 full day to figure it out last week w/a react app
weekend review: downplays the google algorithm ranking update this week as "normal fluctuations"
google has a socialist billionaire as the leader. don't be fooled, of course it was changed!
we hastily threw it together. it's just me talking to myself.
oh, so a monday?
i can't open my jar of sauce my prof made me resend my work twice and i'm miserable here this week how's ur semester going
update my friend got it open and it's kinda bad
hot take: hot dogs are sandwiches
a sandwich should require at least one item of either a sliced meat or cheese to be considered a sandwich. hotdog ain't that
robin wright is wearing a custom gown at the . hoping for better pics soon!
disproportionately sized body parts = unflattering
seriously fucking loser just jump on the ball
i know he's the worst player on our defense, it makes it impossible to defend the deep ball
4) high taxes on the wealthy to fund all the vital public services this city and lower income residents vitally need.
5) the correct % inclusionary zoning to maximize the production of subsidized aff housing. controller thinks it's ~18%
here she is with her favorite toy.
what an angel.
that feeling when there's only one soccer team in ny in first place.
it's even more relevant now. amazin'!
it was cute!
i'm sure it was!!
don't throw way. i want.
i love that shoulder structure and the flow of the joints in the arms.
i'll be selecting 2 winners tonight to win a basket of each mix! that's 7 mixes total!
serious! nice!!
kiss on her neck rub her pussy pull her pants down then leave
disrefuckinspectful
evolve your mcrib. full recipe and video coming... tomorrow! (or maybe today if you're resourceful!)
looks like this dude tried a bit earlier and didn't get the same results
including witkiewitz?
yea. our jazz band has 3- 2 if you don't count him
there is star wars in my text book i am so
thats so easy
but only iran, right? $$$
but i understand. obama's black so he's a sinless god to you serfs.
till now, not a single bollywood celebrity tweeted on for fear of losing business and fans in pakistan.
sab ke sab pimps hain. some have close relatives there and others are ready to make more.
oops! wrong one! ok so trible feature it seems!
personally i feel that works better as a blonde joke.
your brain is broken this is dumb
but not in the same way as everyone else who has got a broken brain. i go above &amp; beyond and make it all ridiculous
who loves you
thanks to you, of course!!
will you ever come to the realization that the president cant continuously blurt out stupid shit ?
fortunately, he won't have to. the sewer he crawled out of awaits his impending return.
foreacst has it staying offshore, main impact locally hvy rain, isolated thunder and high surf.
anything you can do to give san francisco a much needed rinse would be appreciated!
yea i said it clearly you need some act right
give it to jordin
racism doesn't exist tho
wow. i have very few things to say to that except, what is wrong with ppl?
&amp; to . i know just what a 's means to his girl
talk about ! &amp; yeah !
shame if we had no soldiers none of us would be safe &amp; tweeting away! if you can't be like them,don't belittle them!
and you bitches are fucked by paki suvers.
welcome to the 2-0 club!!
wooohoooo!! pass me that martini glass!!
get ready to wait 6 months
which is meant as a knock against czw mgmt, not you
i just like to hear your voice.
your voice is not at all as i imagined, your grace. tbh, you sound a bit nervous on these phone calls.
i took an oath.
a fake oath is still an oath nonetheless.
miss you guys for this year's emmy viewing
miss my loves too
you need a computer !!!
was that actually towards u or
erik is out the door for practice, i'm out the door for go go go!
go giants! go yankees! go knicks!
stuff around me has been going good hope that carries over to my test tomorrow
fuck a hope, it will
"meanwhile i'm butt naked on cnn! i just wanted to feel beautiful y'all. can a sista feel beautiful?" leslie!
that moment between &amp; made my heart smile.
double podiums? !
thanks pippa -- always fun to be jumping curbs and kicking up dust on the weekends!
your facts are not facts
what is it you want? i can't help you. i can't change your stupidity. i can't educate unteachables. so what do you want?
not bad for a telephone
wow, thats pretty.
need a stop here
between that fumble and punt block and sendejo not getting back and a forced pi penalty, were deflated
i am more than well aware of jamaica's gdp, &amp; it's value to the dollar. that changes nothing i've said
that makes no sense...
oh crap, my rent is going up
yeah, everything around here is going up :/
new video reviewing cool halloween decor from a grocery store! (spoiler) it's a coffin!
still trying to figure what kind of witch craft they used to get a coffin into a folded round shape. i have one in storage
had him in the friendzone about 4 yrs ago,for the pass year i call him daddy while he's hitting it from the back
yours calves tho
also wait is muting the same as unfollowing someone on facebook
thanks for blocking me from messenger btw
all of them
it deserves categories to be created for it.
no dummy, we're embracing the fact we're against lying, crooked, insulting condescending hillary. wake up!
oh my, look at all the white supremacists trying to convince me they are nice people.
little shoot from today.
the last one omg
5) the correct % inclusionary zoning to maximize the production of subsidized aff housing. controller thinks it's ~18%
6) repealing or fixing prop 13 to tax homeowners &amp; corporate landowners in a fair manner. wealthy should fund government.
that was both of them. the 1st link was the music one. the other i clipped too late
oh ok thanks. it's not letting me save it or anything. i'm so upset the gangster's paradise one was epic too
at the debate, the moderator will no longer be allowed an earpiece. how hillary's staff will now feed questions to the moderator is unknown.
hopefully, the next change to the debates will be that hillary will not be allowed to wear an earpiece as well.
te miento. that tweet wasn't for you.
haha so it's just for some people?
"captain america would not support kaepernick" wtf yes he would?
cap would so completely support the movement of football players kneeling during the anthem wtf what comics have you been reading???
had him in the friendzone about 4 yrs ago,for the pass year i call him daddy while he's hitting it from the back
your calves tho
this made me think of
this just made me whole week
i didn't watch american crime story, but it's hard to be upset with regina king winning something.
or lol, i guess it's called american crime? that's a bit confusing!
need a stop here
and newman is going to get exposed hard with our best cb hurt
my dad: "so what flavor of chocolate is this boy" me: "actually this one is kona coffee"
i always say black coffee w a dash of creamer lmaooo
remember when fans freaked about the super tough schedule for the entire summer?
still underdogs in 3 of the next 4
he's already left me with ten pair of shoes with no laces and found him on the dining room table. there's just no telling with him
omg no, he certainly has to go in the crate
god forbid we act like men are involved in making babies
right?! or that there are millions of women (and their sex partners) living in those places?
what's your favorite spot to eat in az??
thee pitts again. great bbq
no money. and my balls are improving. i'm taking this (probably way too) seriously.
oh.. ok nice. it is an interesting experiment, just watch ur back around the league mates if u start winning
excuse me i'm hispanic and voting for trump so get over that. lame
well you are a dominant culture with your taco trucks.
says the person who thinks bush brought down the towers and killed 3,000 american civilians
way more than 3,000 stupid. first responders are still dying every day
a sandwich is also a split roll containing a filling if u put a hot dog inside a hot dog bun it satisfies this defintion blessxxx
there are 1000 sandwiches that don't exist on rolls tho so that's a wack definition
i used to think i must follow crazy feminists it caused trouble for me but what's the point? (there's fake trending topics on every network)
topple the patriarchy trends (but when it will always reverts back) attacking finance always fails!
hillary's social team has been on point lately.
they're badass.
bitch you already are
hell yeah wtf have u seen her ass
i don't wear weave so can you make it so i can relate
same w girls &amp; nails ? idk just think of something u like
fishy. real census interviews are done in person.
aren't they also announced in advance, and everyone is interviewed on the same day or days?
on the plus jazz band is a constant solo for you
so far we've only done theory.. which would be fine and all if i didn't already know everything he's teaching
i love the junior class
i love the senior class
yep he got the carl hair as well just needs the cow boy hat
haha! yeah :-)
join me for the twitter party tonight at 9pm est / 6pm pst! use ! there will be a giveaway!
it says we can no longer register
i figure that the personal connection angle is getting tired for a lot of people and it focuses less on strats which may be lame for some.
the last thing i want from my gaming content is for it to not really offer any legitimate value.
right?! or that there are millions of women (and their sex partners) living in those places?
if zika is this serious, maybe we should be doing more than warning americans to travel, like, vacation in iceland instead?
would it be too taboo to use an actual coffin in my halloween mood table?
it was a gift
my mom is trying to go to jamaica and tbh- i'd go to find a husband.
there's plenty jamaican men in nyc.
real friendship goals
we already meet them
as a software engineer, i find it a gaggle of silly clichs, but it has some amusing moments.
this is why i could never bring myself to watch it.
stingray jellyfish lol
i wish i could say i've been stung by those things
like - in the same lesson plan???
yeah, it's part of the session.
with no additional reading or critical analysis, many will claim this as proof of politifact's bias. the problem, in short.
yeah, there are a lot of lazy stupid people
blondie, the tide is high kinda kills adventureland atmosphere.
omg hahaha but i do love that song
omg me right now
it's so badd
this week i overheard someone say they had to vote trump bc "hillary hates america" and "there are no other candidates" ... good god man
this person is of legal age to vote and will have an actual impact on the lives of every sentient being in the us and abroad...
try some burmese food from burma superstar if u've never had any. lines are hella long so i would suggest uber delivery.
ty for the suggestions!
happy birthday brotha
thank you
if anyone wants to date my friend emily crowley pls dm me!!! she's cute and loyal
yikes this is awk
i just witness the cutest thing
witnessed* dumb
check out our new blog post on !!! -
. thank you for the great write up!
only cause you're in it
i wouldn't say it's just me
2 fucking fumbles god dammit but let's go bradford
just watch our defense this game against aaron rodgers, you'll gain a serious respect
6) repealing or fixing prop 13 to tax homeowners &amp; corporate landowners in a fair manner. wealthy should fund government.
7) incorporate regional government. 100+ municipalities in the bay area means wealthy folks are opting out of caring.
read your bible ~
and take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the spirit, which is the word of god; ephesians 6:13-17
i believe paul really hates james, hates. he tolerates james to his face but constantly berates james behind his back.
cause hes a coward
more like homophobic racist assholes w/ the iq of an acorn &amp; scared of everyone different from themselves.
religions that call for the murder of every one else, including gays, is scary, yes.
rents too high?
yes, but i share a house with a couple of guys so it's not too bad.
the last thing i want from my gaming content is for it to not really offer any legitimate value.
so, i think i'm gong to do more build oriented stuff for warframe. gear acquisition for destiny. building guides for ark etc.
the fantastic tour of creative music through the ages, the avant-ghetto with has a new time slot...
thanks so much, guys.
congrats to on another emmy win! proud to have been a part of the show.
looked like your season!
lmaoooo april fools is twice this year?
lmaoo good one
yo thanks for the sandwich jimmy kimmel's mom
thi is so funny
surprise! nyt reviews new book by nyt columnist maureen dowd--loves it!! (she's so "smart")
total surprise!
all i want to do is live tweet the emmys but i can't because the cable isn't set up
this is the best emmys ever!
get to know ceo in this exclusive:
thank you for the shout out.
congratulations to kate mckinnon! one of my favorites
i love that you can laugh at yourself t!! :)
not watching the emmys tonight because i just know they're going to give an award to a show that celebrates premarital sex. no thanks.
you're amazing...
ah. maybe it's looking for input from heartbeat. if you need help dumping it let us know!
i just got the equipment to dump it so i'm ready over here
were from around the same area of pa
close to harrisburg?
wow 300 subs in nearly 2 months of doing youtube, thank you guys so much
"two months"
hopefully you or someone that lives there at least knows who they are. :)
the open house was for invited potential clients of the a/v company where i help out.
the vikings are better off with me at qb
i feel like you'd just watch porn on the sidelines though
for the goyim out there, jeffrey tambor saying "sheket bevakasha" is essentially "stfu for playing me off"
i, too, enjoyed cuba in snow dogs but even more when i met him at tao that one time with &amp; he peer pressured me to chug my cocktail
we're ready to tweet!
so, she's going to look for her fiancee.
pathetic! how can this news network be taken seriously? the hyperbole is thick!
that was hilarious and pathetic i remember that morning it was mid 70s and breezy. no one else "overheated"
stefon diggs is so nasty. if he was in a real passing offense he'd be a weapon and a half.
his talent level has been under utilized since he was in college, top recruit and went to maryland lol
still not big on victor cruz? lmao
very happy for him and i hope he continues to shut me up! lol
"to serve and protect (those citizens whose political views we approve of)."
police chief, bring your boys into line.
like what is carefree about a 13-15 year old being forced into trafficking?
&amp; ppl will say "that's not what we're talking about" but look what your promoting ..
if i pulled a you on you, you wouldn't like that.
see you wednesday cutie
i need my man jordy nelson to snap tonight
i need him to take the l
still gonna win the title
oh and did i mention he's the goat?
we nerds survived the sun together! loved hanging with &amp; at !
saw ppl wearing this gear all through target today!
i guess you missed the point where i said i've seen the headlines from the other side? i never bother watching the news. all bs
you said donjr made a white power joke, the media formulated that thought for you because donjr did not.
im ugly wym
no you're not wtf
when forces you to listen to
when isaac attacks you for no reason
i'm not super interested in what someone appointed by gavin newsome thinks. he appointed ed lee, too.
that's fine. i don't believe any individual. i believe in math. most people aren't going to win the aff housing lottery.
yet more black americans banned from tv:
don't give up! new black americans that can change so much for the good of all! down with progressive-communist-democrats.
just saw a girl wearing wallabies and jeans... i haven't seen someone with wallabies on since woodward
they still make those?!
ibm has watson salesforce has einstein if oracle announced similar, what would they call it?
unclear, but 100% sure there would be &gt;50 words on the announcement power point slide.
at this moment emily knew she fucked up
lightweight smh
however we cannot pretend that the trend of cis men playing trans women does no real world harm. (5/5)
do you think a cis man playing a trans man or cis woman playing a trans woman elicit the same/similar problems?
it's why i pay my mortgage every month
i also fantasize about equity. and a washer/dryer. and a yard.
"cnn's jake tapper edits out hillary clinton's 'bombings' remark"
but trump gets called out for it and we know he is right...she used it and it was cleaned up for her..again!!!!!
*reads list* don't see do drugs on the cheeks of a european mistress on there. guess that's what u do in your 30s
preferably on a boat in the middle of the mediterranean sea.
but if it's breaking newsworthy, journalists have been known to break embargoes
whereas all otr is a incidence by incidence negotiation?
when you hear the ice cream truck coming up the street
man what i just watch
anyone else look through all their pictures on a sunday in order to fully be prepared for ?
i finally preordered a song and positive
and - help do her magic by sharing what's in stream this week! (go girl!)
i love that i can always count on your support!
i absolutely love this
wow this is horrifically beautiful
you know what a crooked game the produce biz is, right?
there's a lotta lettuce in hauling apples.
ladies and gents: marathon season is here.
oh yeah it is!!
what if you butterfl y the hot dog? it'll technically be sliced. then it's a sandwich.
correct. you've just described a bologna sandwich tho, not a hot dog. no one slices a hot dog
all lives do matter but at this moment in time black lives matter the most because of what has happened recently
i don't think that was worded right..
that moment between &amp; made my heart smile.
ok. i see it now. tom h. could totally be the next bond. still pulling for idris though. cc:
bizarre details of nyc bombs: semi-sophisticated electronics, made to do real damage, put in inexplicable locations
thx for sharing this . however, did you happen to see how poorly proofed the story is?
that's fine. i don't believe any individual. i believe in math. most people aren't going to win the aff housing lottery.
we need the regular housing market to function. in any shortage rich people win. end the shortage. build more housing.
your high!! i'm depending on him to close out this fantasy w!
shit i need him to lose so i can close my win nigga
happy birthday!
thank you so much
iphone 7 battery something serious, all you need is 1 charge a day.
this is confirmed?
when will work on hwy 100 be done? so tired of the traffic on 169...
i wish you luck on your traffic flow issue.
can't believe regina king had two emmy worthy roles this year. well, i do believe it because it's regina king, but still.
its sad that everyone forgot about the leftovers becoming really good
i once ate breakfast next to mandy moore but didn't tell my family that she was right next us because i wanted to respect her privacy
she is my most basic crush and i couldn't be more proud of her
u haven't mentioned rex in a while. i figured you were sad.
bowles almost blew the game. hopefully hes not "distracted" against the chiefs.
i used to think i must follow crazy feminists it caused trouble for me but what's the point? (there's fake trending topics on every network)
topple the patriarchy trends but when it always will revert back attacking finance always will fail
we all love in
i'm so glad i'm watching the emmys with you right now
who sold uranium to russia? play for pay as sos? leaked govt secrets on server...
a&gt; state dept was not agency in charge of sale. 9 agencies had to approve.
will someone tell me how to make this a pinned tweet?
i get enough shit i don't like in my cats litter boxes. i don't really need any more than that, thank you.
he does seem to have been pigeonholed in terms of the role he tends to play (ie the exasperated ringleader of dc villaindom)
if i was choosing one of luthor's best moments it'd be this scene
i'm so so so so mad i can't watch them
i'm sure abc was considering canceling the broadcast because you were not live tweeting
tambor is great but the writer is bad and without tambor nothing would save it. imo
r u kitten me the writing is very good
admitting pak attacked india war mongering+nuke threat world punish pakistan
this son of a bitch.should remember,we had 94000 pow.we should have gotten them sodomised by our donky
happy birthday pretty!
thanks beautiful
do you tip when you order take out?
42% no?! what!
fudge i just remember i have to do school work tomorrow
same but i left my math book in my locker
when your tourettes gets all sorts of bad
i love you and your twitches bean
bruh if q actually watches it, that's love.
omg congrats tho thats awesome!
this ___ must stop! i don't see any amish or buddhists or christians blowing people up!
blamed it on the " ottoman empire"1453-1922 they are who dissolved the "historic muslim impire"(blame/game)
holy shit
right? like hi at me next time
who sold uranium to russia? play for pay as sos? leaked govt secrets on server...
b&gt; no gov't secrets were leaked on her server. you really are fucking stupid.
security visibly tightened after ny, nj blasts
shariah law will change this picture. stop shariah law now, so all of american can have equal rights!
very cute, well done! :)
lol thanks. i kinda want to draw the squad (sg, lily, the twins, thomas ryan, &amp; esplanie's kids) but my tablet has to charge
minnesota mall attacker referenced allah before stabbing rampage, police chief says via your comment mr. trump ?
stated, i have stabbed more people in the back then this guy.
if ever near eureka, you need to hit up this spot
thanks for the tip
spent hours trying to fix my "stuck" passenger window, had the door panel off and everything... figured out child lock was on
this is absolutely hilarious
new grades, same school...it's been a challenging start to my year. i know it will get better...
it will. once october passes, that is. haha
west virginia is lakers country. the reason? the logo played for them and gm-ed them later
i knew that - remember, i used to be a sportswriter
fine bitch i'm gonna club hop as harley quinn unless i get a man by then
ok lemme know when ur free
bravo trailers that will be showed in the next few weeks. which are you excited for?
so excited for to come back!
seriously that marco polo commercial is in the top ten things that amuse me. please never stop airing it.
there's one in florida bashing for not being present in senate and it's a kid playing marco polo by himself.
hmm, that's kind of tempting. i guess it is only x79 compatible? 2011 is a weird socket. do you use the original mobo?
yeah, it's c602/x79. someday i'll build a new x99 (or something) system, but for the price this was hard to beat.
someone's gotta see drake with me in october
promise to be on good behavior !? and i'll pay
some positives! clive walford gettin involved! latavius murray running strong with his pads low and powering thru dudes! carr has all day!
our offense can score td's but our defense
um hello jess is in this show
it's a comedy on nbc, nicole. 6 episodes
forevah! cheo if you didn't have a woman i'd say you're my soul mate. i'll have to settle for tsm
aw, bip! you make me smile
you have one in storage? go on....?
oh i have a real coffin, wooden coffin prop and a pop up coffin in storage. pick your poison
so what'd your son end up having for dinner haha?
nothing yet. still at the park.
also people act aghast, like he gave up money, as opposed to buying into a trillion-dollar industry
i think you're overthinking it
not to mention using haiti, nigeria as money laundering hubs.
damn i didn't know that thanks for the info.
i volunteer as tribute
come back to me :(
oakland hit 89f. glad i put in a/c.
no a/c in our 1927 apartment, but it was almost chilly inside anyway. we have great airflow and east-facing windows.
lol my face hides nothing! also i'd love to hear more about that qpoc writers group you're working on. would travel for it
sent you a fb invite!
yeah, it's c602/x79. someday i'll build a new x99 (or something) system, but for the price this was hard to beat.
and, not that far off from equivalent 2011v3 cpus.
no i've had mine since friday &amp; all i've had to do is charge it about 1 time a day.
so it is confirmed lmao....
wapo on christie's claim that trump did not 'on a regular basis' spout birther nonsense after 2011: four pinocchio's
unbelievable looks like once u r on the trump's team lying &amp; deceit comes natural. deplorable!
don't believe the lyin' media. they're in the tank for hillary.
we gotta make these states understand its time to cure the clinton cancer and vote for
i love this damn twitter handle
you new here?
love to see all the 's in minnesota
saw your jersey last week. almost bought it, but got instead. next time you!
we are so proud of who just won for her phenomenal work on ! congrats, you deserve this.
...our girls a genius
i am always reminded of this as an example of that:
yeah i fully endorse that absurdity
6) repealing or fixing prop 13 to tax homeowners &amp; corporate landowners in a fair manner. wealthy should fund government.
. there are a ton of regulations we believe in. zoning historically designed to keep poor &amp; minorities out, not one of them.
yes, but i share a house with a couple of guys so it's not too bad.
i rented my place ten years ago but if my landlord sells i'm screwed.
well thats a wrap of summer '16 thanks for the memories!!
can't believe i made it guys miss you so much
campaigning - the only thing obama does well.
: true, but only stupid people buy into his bs.
my biggest pet peeve is when it's obvious that you have filled in your eyebrow
yes lawdddd fill in a little but if it looks like you used eyeliner plz stop
. dropping some serious knowledge in her latest post on how to cook a brisket.
yeah that happens. not everybody does that but ya. cc
even sociopaths learn how to mimic human emotions. he's had 70 years to practice! what's the matter with him?
narcissism. he's a special breed of sociopath.
16 five giants parts left to go
i was just working on mine last night! got a lot done, hoping to finish soon :)
q1: how experienced of a baker are you? do you have any good tips?
a1 have to be very careful who i invite over.
are you invisible yet? (disclaimer: i have no idea what an atlas stone is.)
(it's a plot coupon in no manticore's sky. 10 is the number of coupons you have to collect.)
maybe, but i think it's important that those people are also held accountable and their behavior condemned.
personally, i've endured some deep hardships in my own past. bullying and isolation. but i still didn't turn hateful and mean.
unless every time that person came on every news outlet quoted your intv and your viewership/readership soared.
then why do anti-vaxxers get so much press?
just remember is fighting for you and hillary is fighting for her biggest donors.
you left off the clinton foundation! dementia is not good for queen hillary! you will see soon about her.
time to put on some fugazi and try on all of my bras
as fugazi says: you can't be what you were. so you better start bein' just what you are...which is perfect. &lt;3
because they don't want to give the satisfaction.
he helped john scott become all star mvp. he's reached his quota for the year.
who sold uranium to russia? play for pay as sos? leaked govt secrets on server...
show evidence of pay for play by hillary. you can't because there wasn't.
somali muslims harass an american citizen walking on the streets of minnesota. brought these "refugees" in.
ah yes hillarys america as she is far away from any of this
currently missing the packers game
me too i'm watching power
amended to add leslie jones. she is an american treasure.
my british squad is olivia coleman and sharon horgan.
i'm sitting in the park next to the fountain and there is a man playing some odd instrument next to me and it sounds so beautiful.
i've never felt more happy and calm being here more than i do in this very moment.
claire danes needs to dial back the tanning.
fire and sue her spray tanist.
... has john mayer been under there the whole time?
alternative tweet: hope all the female presenters are wearing underwear!
why? don't they have a constitutional right to express their political opinions too?
absolutely they have the right to boo her, but i don't agree so fuck them. (i bet they don't believe in her rights)
i don't know why nicole is so pressed to be married. she's 22.
u love that show
yeah i was so excited that i fist-bumped the bearded salesperson
a bit uncoordinated of a fist bump tbqh
you can't make that claim. some people split smokies when they bbq im sure others do it w hot dogs too. hot dogs are sandwiches
tf is a smokie
me either, but i'm similarly on tenterhooks.
how big is your ship, and do you have a design you like?
sorry, wrong philly officer shooting story.
yep. i am in the area and have been following this story closely. no mention of islam, yet.
caitlyn, with tears streaming out of her eyes piss drunk: "i can't even see."
update..looking at a pic of her centerpieces: "this is a picture of the gourds, i can't see them."
's biggest asset may be that he's running against , but hillary has one thing going for her too
question should be, with all her problems, why isn't ahead by a mile?, his filthy mouth
so was this feature just dropped from ios/tvos 10?
funny you mention it. i just got it, but typing in the box didn't send keystrokes to the tv.
companies are quietly changing health plans to make you pay more -
. some states are doingsame. medicaid wants up to 33% of income for health insurance %! see
you ever had this? it's phenomenal
no, we will try it one day, along with real olive oils
have y'all rich folk got the iphone 7 yet?
give me a few more days.
"we now descend to the hellish lower depths of the , where john mayer holds court..."
he rules the upside down
i just shouted "whoa!" in a crowded supermarket.
i've watched this 20 times today and i laugh uncontrollably with tears each time
i'm sitting in the park next to the fountain and there is a man playing some odd instrument next to me and it sounds so beautiful.
i've never felt more happy and calm being here than i do in this very moment.
where's your other one??
i forgot it at church lol. it's probably on the couch
wowowowow the hashtag made my day. yall inspire me on my best days &amp; on my worst days. all we can do is do our best. let's. go.
how you make us feel in a nutshell. thank you for being our (not so) little cheerleader!
column a, column b. i think this year was a bit dry, excepting legion and ow. everything we want's in '17 instead.
blizz spent so much money on ow marketing, great games might have come out and we just don't know about them
okay, i'm sorry, but i just don't get how the night manager was award-quality work (aside from the queen colman herself, obvi).
honestly perplexed by the nods. i thought it was fine - a relatively inoffensive way to spend some time. i don't get its appeal beyond that.
the fact none of us can get the homework at all and we're just yelling at our computers and life hahahahaha
fucking lit i love my math study group
"she's not even that pretty, right? right?" -- taylor swift asking her silent living room about priyanka chopra
john mayer coming on after tom hiddleston
geek chic. love these frames i just got them
yasss i love them too good pick !
need to go to a marc anthony concert for the soul.
get me a friend so i can take one of them
ight bro give me like an hour, i'll hit you up.
yeah ill hyu am doing some with skeelord
i laugh if it's breeland or any other cb not named norman vs obj or cruz
lol same here. are you shocked at the colts going 0-2?
slhs seniors please make sure to get to the meeting at lunch tomorrow in mr.tobin's room.tons of homecoming info will be discussed !!
keep in mind these topics include, homecoming wall, skit amd parade so please get there, the more the merrier
correct! which helped me articulate his view in 1967 when he stated that hate was too heavy a burden: "i choose love"
i so admire all you've been saying and doing. proud you're on my team. it was good to see you guys today in la.
personally, i've endured some deep hardships in my own past. bullying and isolation. but i still didn't turn hateful and mean.
it's a choice. people have the right to be angry, obviously. but never to direct that anger at those who've done nothing wrong.
used or no?
i have no idea. i think it was used. when i had it out for display, things started falling off the walls. so it's in storage
im trying to repress that memory sara
how dare you - it was the best night i've had in years
i've still got my release 2500k so it's really hard to be motivated to upgrade
yeah i had no desktop pc at all before this (not counting servers), just a macbook air. not for everyone for sure.
rule : include in each tweet that you send out. you want to make sure everyone in the party can see your tweets!
and if we didn't rsvp can we still be eligible?
racial slurs, simpleton. that's what hate speech means. such a waste of space.
o slurs and speeches are the same thing and i thought it was just name calling still no fact for that opinion
love ableist slurs too
disgusting &amp; i want to know what makes it so irrelevant in their eyes like??
seen that costume before! amazing dedication.
yes it is..man raider fans ethan are dedicated and unique
i, too, enjoyed cuba in snow dogs but even more when i met him at tao that one time with &amp; he peer pressured me to chug my cocktail
claire danes looking more metallic than her dress =\
the puck didn't cross the line. the whole puck has to break the line.
it is over the red line.good goal bad refs.
loved so many dresses tonight! these were a couple of my favs!
kristen bell was my favvvvv what a beaut
"don't just sit there sail something!" - chery fee summer day gloucester
wow, that photo is over saturated!
it's great to see such a diverse crowd of experienced and new people here! im 7 years myself &amp; huge fan of easy recipes
who have 7 people lol! who are not diverse.
glad regina king is finally getting her just due. she's been in the game and unrecoginzed for years. she deserves it.
slaying in front and behind the camera.
cnn: it was intentional, but it was not terrorism. a 3rd bomb was found, but we can't call it terrorism.
a bomb explodes in an area where people can be harmed but that isn't terrorism? cnn take a course in journalism.
so your ok with paul calling mech a cunt. its never been said 18yrs of big brother
its ok everyones entitled to their bias opinions as well some people like to watch others berated just not me
would you rather have...
shockingly few votes for cheese
...it's sunday. i forgot lol
you forgot about me
beatles fan here. i cant see that. its on hulu only right?
eventually in hulu im thinking? it was stunning!
my girls can do this too. i wish they would teach me.
they are sneaky little force users.
used or no?
my coworkers grandfather use to be a cemetery keeper and collector of oddities. that's how i was given it
maybe i should just go on this show
wtf is that show
"nobody downloads apps anymore" no, nobody downloads *your* apps anymore. users want to be entertained and have fun. that'll never change.
then explain why bots are taking off like crazy.
and leslie jones, you are still a major loser btw!!
siriano really wore everybody tonight
right?! i just want to live tweet, i haven't in such w long time lol
so orlando is not a major market apparently?!
that was my exact explanation when my husband asked "wtf was that?" is an emotional infant.
narcissistic sociopath. rare breed. and in a dead heat w the most accomplished potus nominee ever. i just can't even.
there's this amazing issue of the superman tas tie-in comic where supergirl is sick with essentially kryptonian smallpox
star labs is almost able to synthesize a cure but they need 1 last element, a mineral from krypton that doesn't exist anywhere on earth
what's good with that? can i still get tattoos there??
sadly no :( this place is literally the complete opposite. i feel like i'm in a fancy hotel rn
the people of represented in , . people everywhere are standing up for !
..we will say it everyday !! :-)
you only see what i want you to see
so much for deleting twitter
something like that. they shouldn't be calling you up and asking you for data over the phone.
can't remember first question. this time: how many hours i worked last week? not obvi alarming, but told her not to call again.
always knew john mayer was struggling, but....
no, they just said his name three times and he showed up playing the guitar. that's how it works.
i'm afraid to book my spring break trip bc justin could drop the second leg dates and i could be screwed
i know he'll come back to north america
what's good with that? can i still get tattoos there??
there are like no vendors here
are they filming this telecast with some kind of vaseline-filter over the lens or are my eyes finally quitting on me? - j
they sure are shiny
what is a manticore sky? why don't i want one? is it the scorpion tail? it's the tail, isn't it?
it's the tail. watch out for it!
what realtors call chelsea is far larger than what most new yorkers call chelsea.
years ago, a realtor showed me a place south of wtc &amp; w/a straight face told me it's tribeca south
i'm at the airport now grabbing it. they've had it since yesterday and just called me now but thank god they finally did
that's so annoying but at least you have all your stuff!
just a little bit more time &amp; i'll pull up to that surf thru in fresno just so that puto can wash my new car.
why are you going to drive to fresno when i can wash your car for free!
stressed me the fuck out. it was absolutely hard for me to watch.
wasnt that bad lol
q2: have you tried any of the mixes before? if not, what would you like to try first?
a2 i have never tried any of these. brownie
neither naples nor sd is a main hub.
ugh. when we lived in saudi, it was always such a long journey! glad you arrived home safely!
star labs is almost able to synthesize a cure but they need 1 last element, a mineral from krypton that doesn't exist anywhere on earth
so, with no one else to turn to, superman goes to lex luthor for help &amp; lex solves it but he won't give superman the mineral unless...
yes i miss you!! and happy late birthday babe
i miss you more! thank u my love
the puck was clearly past the line but you couldn't see it on camera
i can tell just by looking at its over the red line does not take a scientist to say it is.
the fact that you can't control your music on this menu anymore infuriates me
yes you can!! drag the menu towards the left and you'll see it :)
ummm......what.did.i.just.watch?
i hold you partially responsible for what i just went through ... what i just went throouggghh
if you gave a shit about the poor you'd be pressuring developers to build more bmr housing, not the city to lower the cap
we care about the total number of units. we don't care about the percentage. that's how math works.
is driving with hazard lights on in the rain a uniquely florida-stupid or is it universal?
here in cali we're required to just turn our regular headlights on whenever it rains. but not hazard lights.
idiots tryna say sean kingston isn't jamaican and his accent is fake cus a "real jamaican can't switch accents like that"
lmfao niggas is dumb
i rented my place ten years ago but if my landlord sells i'm screwed.
we are pretty tight with the owner of the house, so i don't worry about it much.
topple the patriarchy trends but when it always will revert back attacking finance always will fail
define what a cuck is in political terms: guys who clap when twats scream, "topple the patriarchy"
source: ny and nj attacks likely linked.
thank you president obama, you now can see what leading from behind does to the usa. how many young americans have to die for you?
fascinating- if your mood table is at home, go for it. if it's at work, skip
i wish it i had one at work! my coworkers already think i'm slightly crazy
that is the cutest name ever!
they call her esm for short!
that's so annoying but at least you have all your stuff!
i hope so! i didn't check inside yet but i'm just gonna assume nothing is missing haha
if you come to bandung i can show you around that weekend since the id crew will be at afasg (its not too far from jakarta)
okay i'll let you know as plans develop!
i got it after he turned 22 but that's ok, i got his follow the same year as a lot of other great things have been happening
awwwww i feel so close to him though
john mayer is literally in the pits. so.
per usual, loving the commentary jo
1st tip: don't play 8 weeks of bankroll when there is no data out yet lol
haha thanks, i started with $100, played $20 the last two weeks, lost both
new model run, same result, a stormy 700 am monday morning.
i'll believe it when it's in the bucket.
ha they are both annoying, tried so hard to like farrah but it's just not happening!
lmao for real ! the bitch is crrrazzzzzyyyy
i don't want to see or hear him any more..
i haven't actually listened to him in a year bc my gag reflex is bad. i trust twitter to swallow first....
so, with no one else to turn to, superman goes to lex luthor for help &amp; lex solves it but he won't give superman the mineral unless...
...superman agrees to kill himself, as superman prepares to sacrifice his life for kara he realizes his tears contain the needed mineral
no, as is often case your ilk, wrong again intolerable.want destroy self, friends &amp; world,vote donald
i lived through it, i know what took place. i know names of the individuals involved. deal w/ it.
can't wait for october
fright fest !!!
you don't see why video games are such a huge staple in guys lives and he doesnt see why weave is a huge staple
bc it makes girls feel good about themselves what about 2k tho
right? there was no "request to book" button under dates. only said others were eyeing the dates.
yeah, was odd - not normal but i assumed it wasn't "normal" listing. tried on two devices.
the categories are up next.
amazing show
my weekend has officially begun
oh he'll yeah. everybody's working for the weekend!
this evening, i tweeted in the bath.
i'm proud to have you as a follower.
what do you mean? what's disproportionate?
top heavy and bottom lacking. you want even curvature in a column gown for it to be flattering.
i built a beer cooler! i messed with nature! look at me, i'm the united states army corps of engineers.
now give me four billion dollars in congressional appropriations to tear it down!
oh hershey squirts lady. what about the clinton crime family mentor?
sen byrd. great man. did so many good things for the state of wv and america.
trump is saying that it was hillary clinton who started trump university.
pales in comparison to her mocking a reporter with special needs.
don't say anything, just retweet
don't laugh
yup discussing potential trip with my dad
my mom said maybe the end of the month, beginning of nov. i just want to go and make a promise, and see the rancho, grandparents.
exactlyyy and i'm scared he'll come to my city when i'd be on vacation
yeah you better not go on your vacation then
miss you too bud! we can celebrate when the crew is back together for ames to please!
stop making me jealous i'm not coming back
sorry, but i think that's abdicating responsiblity. i bet "somewhere between 0.8 and 1.2m" would be a good bet.
i truly have no systematic way of estimating the error bars.
watch out . they're coming for ya. might try to throw you over the edge of the flat earth
if joe even bothers to pay attention, he might just be handed a gold mine of material.
watching with whole damn gang it's become a sunday night partay
loving your roles after watching in the us... shhhh, don't tell
go to the great america haunt w/ ppl cus ur in sj its fun! id go with u if i knew u were coming!!!
i'm actually in menlo park!! what's good near there
also, how badly strapped for cash is he? should we start a gofundme page?
he made millions this summer on tour with dead and co. legit, millions and millions. just doing it to do it is my guess.
not bad for a telephone
how's the call quality?
god fucking bless hit me when you're here and let's get in trouvle
both. so stoked
depends, what's your criteria? impact at uconn or impact in the nba?
that's tough. i honestly don't know which list i would be more interested in. let's go with time at uconn because why not.
issue not the school, just the coaching. plus he also missed 7 games of his sophomore year.
the issue is both because maryland doesn't get top recruits. please go be a terps fanboy somewhere else.
yep! you are automatically entered by using :)
great. i am gluten free and just saw this in the feed.i changed my diet. always looking for new foods
we care about the total number of units. we don't care about the percentage. that's how math works.
classic how when you realize we are actually a bunch of progressives who just think more housing benefits renters, you ...
take it up w/ or if you want to know what trump was told in that briefing.
at the time of briefing, law enforcement still didn't have conclusive details on if it was a bomb
what books are y'all reading?
"grace" by natashia deon
you don't know me oh god i took a picture of the floor.
it's my dream to someday see the famous seattle floor.
yo fam what's the chances i can get your @?!
probably north of $10k but i'll field offers
...superman agrees to kill himself, as superman prepares to sacrifice his life for kara he realizes his tears contain the needed mineral
so supergirl lives &amp; in the final pages luthor, in a fit of rage, admits he didn't actually find the cure- it was a bluff
we get the nice cups now
yes!! no more plastic for us!!
cheapest basehit ever
pomerantz seems on regular form tonight.
my mom said maybe the end of the month, beginning of nov. i just want to go and make a promise, and see the rancho, grandparents.
well we are aiming for the fiesta del rancho
have you considered a land cruiser?
would love one but like $90k new $60k used
the "blaming tech" for everything bad in sf is a tired, worn out meme. it's not just lazy, completely misunderstands what's happening here.
that's intentional
and in all honesty.........what is there to see in new jersey at this time ????
oh you spent a whole day in jersey huh?
yeah, i guess you did miss it, and he barely acknowledges it, if he did it often, we wouldn't be having this conversation
well he can't control what his crazy fans tweet. kerry either. i've seen some crazy stuff tweeted to her &amp; about her. it
i know but why put your 2 cents in something you know you don't care about
cause she loves pauls behavior but i usually just ask them to share it with people who agree with her
lol crazy like a fox. facts don't lie. pharma does
you sound like you could use a little pharma. have a great life! blocking.
i am glad to be where i am right now
i feel blessed that you also live here
life is good again thanks
no prob! it literally took me forever to figure it out myself
so i wrote a thing.
jeebus, this's crazy. it surely coulnta been easy to write. cathartic, maybe? but still, not easy, nor 'fun'. u done well, sis.
kate mckinnon is a genius. she's funny, generous, tireless, and has the best instincts. and she makes is all look easy. this is so deserved!
kate deserves the recognition. she's major funny. glad she thanked you too chris!
next up is memento with that horse guy.
ah, the birth of dave editing. goddamn brodie.
what happened to did i get blocked again??
no he deleted his account
shameless is the best show on tv right now, don't @ me
i'm not excited about the new season from the preview :(
regina has been bringing it since a child. great actress.
she's soooo it
so supergirl lives &amp; in the final pages luthor, in a fit of rage, admits he didn't actually find the cure- it was a bluff
it's probably one of the best lex luthor stories i've ever read
we can start trying for a baby in 4 weeks. :) huzzah!
congrats on the great baby making news :) next comes the fun parts
i'm so excited to go to to volunteer for
you shold be scared, ashamed t support a murderer, liear,cheat,
imagine standing on a stage and knowing that, somewhere beneath you, john mayer was playing guitar with his eyes closed
sounds like heaven because he's talented as fuck
oh really now
you're my brother, how many times do we have to go over this?
just love when speaks the truth. lol gata love those pre recorded sets!
was that the story??
shockingly few votes for cheese
to me it was a no-brainer
mine too. i'm known as the halloween lady. they even decorate my office in halloween colors for my birthday
my coworkers know how much i love horror/ halloween. so they try to act like they care when i talk about it
no way jose! trying to catch up to my subscription and execute my backlog.
catharsis is the means by which i stay (semi) same.
i don't know what you're talking about
no woman no cry
honestly send me it
wish i could but it's only on insta i don't have it on my phone:'(
. jokes about nude photo hack during
...your movie got shafted what with and perhaps script too close to original? re-release it?
i'm 7 years &amp; an ok baker! being 19 years old i have lots of room for improvement. i think we can always get better :)
being gluten free i am always bringing my own food when i go out. it's so hard!
volunteer to get people registered to vote! meet fellow passionate ! rt!
2potus, only a trump vote will defeat them
that played on a video game and i had to download it. same deal, i'd forgotten it/them!
right???? jenny was sweet. and it so strange to hear it and know the words.
i'm already taken your going to have to ask my girl
pass she crazy
had my first bartending shift today come let jb make u a drank
hell yea!!!
that's far af
semesters go by months . fall and spring is 4. the summer like 5-7 weeks lol
oh ok what happened to our band..............
i'm super serious dude i wanna do a two piece darkwave band!!!! you can use my key board as a drum machine &amp; synth!
so let's do something
there's nothing to do
not really there ol is awful and they might be soon asking pg13 to play on d w/ every1 injured
i laughed at von miller for saying that the colts have a great ol during postgame interview.
deleted scene: elliot trying to make any one of 19 different linux audio stacks produce a sound
i don't think that's very fair. there's only three stacks that are available in ubuntu (the distro they use all over the place).
millennials: live-tweeting dire situations.
this exact thing
*i noticed, one's who claim everything is predestined, &amp; we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the street*
*...what is history but a fable agreed upon...* -agent j
na he know what he doing
he playing both sides what is he trying to do
regina king wins 2nd straight emmy for entirely different role on abc's much under-recognized . yay.
much under-recognized. but sooooo good
"otherness."
wtf? what does that mean? 10 years? what? why? how?
west coast fan looking to get to the bronx next august. where should i stay to get to the stadium easily?
anywhere you can get a subway or train.
there was a mass shooting? i thought it was a mass stabbing in minnesota
four people shot, wounded in second day of violence via
why isnt there a hug emoji
i dont know but id send it if there was one !!!!!
that's some weird kerning.
the cat though...
the thing is, i'm a good sport. i'll believe/observe that there is some bias in any human endeavor. but not 350+ points worth
i think we're alike here. i, too, don't want to believe the disparity could be this severe, but i've seen enough this year
i wore my jersey to a cfl game that's fandom
we all know that wearing a jersey is the ultimate indicator of .
the worst thing is, people know how hateful and terrible their comments are cause if they didn't, they wouldn't need to hide as an egg avi
if everyone was verified as a real person it'd get rid of 99.9% of the bullshit.
ok. i see it now. tom h. could totally be the next bond. still pulling for idris though. cc:
. for the mf'n win!
if we are going time at uconn okafor over drummond and gordon over villanueva on the bench.
good point. while drummond as a freshman was impressive, not even close to okafor's tenure obviously.
the world we're in....
which is what made it remarkable that christie's staff played that game on a landmark bridge on the anniversary of 9/11
night of benghazi. hillary left her office to direct from home, alone i think it's strange, she thinks it's funny.
karma is coming back to haunt this horrible hag.
ehh idk bout the last part but as an enjoyment i would hope so. but that's different than an obsession
i'm srry but there's no similarity at all
truly like you don't want rep? rep of your own kind? i don't understand this
they probably like second generation cuban &amp; the rest of their history is spanish, qp.
it isn't the government's responsibility to combat homelessness or poverty.
it is when a majority of the homeless are veterans who are suppose to have benefits that they don't receive.
right. you just keep on losing, and the sky is the limit for you. stay humble, king.
there's a celtic saying, "many a time a man's mouth broke his nose."
there's 6 different mixes from that are super easy and go from cup-to-table in minutes!
i like the diverse selection. from the start of dinner to the end
omar is eating pizza by himself like a loser
go give him a hug tell him i hate him
problem is in the last 2 years she went downhill, got caught plagiarising, and says stupid shit all the time.
ever since she was caught stealing jokes &amp; apologizing, being p.c. she is not funny anymore.
so embarrassing
it's the alcohol
media hoaxes and cover up begins. "nothing to see here."
. hillary sick views country sick as ok.
i cashed both weeks, mlb cashed, mma cashed, its simple. if you can't read then don't play dfs..smh
who said i can't read?
i know some people have fathers that walked out on their families but last night my dad went to a concert &amp; didn't invite me...
gary is too cool for any of us
he works with these trans youth/talent personally. he has so much love to give, it's up to hollywood to follow and change!
he's incredible!
well he can't control what his crazy fans tweet. kerry either. i've seen some crazy stuff tweeted to her &amp; about her. it
happens when people can't separate facts from fiction.
turns out many high-profile people have hidden funny sides.
and raw enthusiasm for information security
lol i'll take a picture with a fan and they'll post it on ig with the craziest caption saying i said something to them i didn't. every time
the only thing i remember u saying cus i was off a bean "nice shirt" lmao
the thing is, i'm a good sport. i'll believe/observe that there is some bias in any human endeavor. but not 350+ points worth
it's hard to believe he's this bad, but yeah, he actually is. he's this bad.
heads up your governor is a traitor. scheming with wh to get tpp approved
sure, stick it to america so you can have our last dance in the sunlight!!!
when does he go up for pre order? i love him!!
this wednesday!
wife: "why did you just text me 'ghgf'"? me: "because the new messages app is terrible" wife: "is that because steve jobs died?"
have you ever tried android? i haven't myself but i'm not curious how it compares to ios from a feature set standpoint.
new: emmy for lead actress in a comedy series goes to julia louis-dreyfus for veep.
huh, didn't know it is a comedy.
the cat though...
the cat's fantastic, 12/10, would pet again
the and house is real and $610 a night. you have to be 25 to drive it though :/
it's also booked for over a year lol
trickle down is not the mechanism. it's actually absorption
. acknowledging supply and demand exist is not the same as reaganomics.
. so , why did trump push bitherism 4 years after he supposedly ended it?
: he didn't. hilarity did as a diversion from her traitorous emails.
they were trolling each other. that's all.
that's what i thought i don't think it's anything to do with anyone calling the other out be careful with that lol
dear twitter village: i'm giddy that i'm not playing fantasy this year. given how much i bugged you for help (thank you), i bet you are too.
hi ! the raiders threatened to eject all of us in the front row of the black hole today because our banner covered a different
very happy for him and i hope he continues to shut me up! lol
lmao yall and the saints was battling it out. yall are about even anyway.
well we are aiming for the fiesta del rancho
yeah, and it's on a friday this year.
working fine for me!
awwww yeeee. it was too hot to get off my bed to check. i knew twitter wouldn't let me down!
there's 6 different mixes from that are super easy and go from cup-to-table in minutes!
taylor do i keep this frozen till it's time to use it?
this piece doesn't advocate for policy, but, regardless, the question merits consideration as an ethical choice.
by who? thinking here of laurie zoloth and her many children.
fox poll: race for the white house - honest and trustworthy?
if queen hillary opens her mouth a few more times, president trump will become a reality! please tell her to talk more, please!
the costumes are great. and unlike a lot of places, it's not to show off. it's legitimate dedication.
we raider fans are dedicated.. see my pics on ig from today.. man and you can tell tell we do it
a theory? polls have margins of error &amp; some trump fans don't want to go on record. doesn't mean all polls are wrong
this trump supporter refuses to wear my ball cap or put sticker on car safety to life and property_ coast
i dreaded seeing the guest b/c of how much i hated you're next, but i was pleasantly surprised. tense film. dan stevens terrific.
blair is a mess. the guest is a blast
. announced their closing date earlier this week
saw it today while i'm visiting - it was awesome! great job everyone involved (from a visiting brit).
september 17, 2016 about a girl // the academy is...
september 18, 2016 boyfriend // big time rush
that was pretty dumb by del rio to do that down only 7...don't trust your defense?
why should he?
need new flannels
i'm a size medium if anyone wants to yk send some to my house
do ppl ever stop &amp; think of what they're saying? this one thinks only reason bag would cost more is bc it holds more
even kindergarteners trading halloween candy know that size is but one of the many determinants of an object's value.
ok. i see it now. tom h. could totally be the next bond. still pulling for idris though. cc:
sadly has said publicly he doesn't want it, which just shattered all my hopes and dreams
dear twitter village: i'm giddy that i'm not playing fantasy this year. given how much i bugged you for help (thank you), i bet you are too.
banner. you would think after 20 years of the black hole being in the same place they would have a little respect for us right?
a reminder that when president trump inevitably gets impeached, we're still screwed.
trump offered vp position as the guy who actually does things, while he parades his brand around.
have you ever tried android? i haven't myself but i'm not curious how it compares to ios from a feature set standpoint.
i know that things like scrolling and such may such but i'm curious what the services and ux are like.
that played on a video game and i had to download it. same deal, i'd forgotten it/them!
and this is why i insist age matters. most people wouldn't know wtf we were talking about.
let's do ranksssssss
it's too hot for this shit
yes even if you haven't ever set foot in the state of pa having a jersey makes you a true fan
any broad who walks around in a jersey is more of a fan than me!
when ur walking down santana row and realize u ain't shit
not that i thought i was cool at all but like i feel even less
it's my birthday in ibiza and i'm with my best friends drinking red bull vodkas happy is an understatement here's to year 23!!
happy birthday you beautiful glittery man
kerry, you rock that baby bump!
..deezam! what will readers say when they attempt to translate the above byline in 100 years?
oh, and what a lovely tree it is! oak?
coastal live oak, which i believe are endangered.
actually, md has been bringing in a lot of highly rated recruits at different times. but i'm sure you're the expert.
it really has shown in their record. you're right, my original point was wrong. diggs' talents were utilized well at md. congrats.
tell us about your great candidate. let's hear her policies.
i don't want to assume you can read, but
is there a difference between the feeling of loneliness and the feeling of missing someone?
also, is there a noun for the feeling of missing someone/something? missery?
my favorite environment to see a woman is at her job. love to all the girls wakin up and grinding tomorrow. hard work is .
scrub lifeeeelegit as fuck!!
if i eat ice cream before i eat my entre, it's basically salad, right?
only if its pistachio.
really wishing i'd been able to see in the theater. it's gorgeous.
it was surreal in theaters. i wish i saw it more than once
have you ever tried android? i haven't myself but i'm not curious how it compares to ios from a feature set standpoint.
hardware wise through i don't think i envy anything from android.
ppl don't care
naw then complain saying errbody in there business
- i broke my fibula 3 wks ago. is there a chance some of your workouts fr after your achilles injury are posted somewhere?
i don't have them out now but something i am working on for the future. best wishes for your healing process!
we are pretty tight with the owner of the house, so i don't worry about it much.
sort of like this?
- how's college
it's chill lol i don't wanna come home tho
only three.
well, there's using just alsa (which is a horrible idea), alsa+pulseaudio (the default), and jack (for pro-audio).
hope the concert is a huge success!
wonderful the 10 seconds of pin drop silence at the end of the faure extraordinary
oh ok. we are assuming things now. this is great.
why else would they be booing, if they didn't believe in her to protest?
it was never just trump. trump chose this issue because republicans loved it.
see 's posts on this with video. trump himself admits he was just playing to the crowd
there's 6 different mixes from that are super easy and go from cup-to-table in minutes!
it just rolls out like dough and easy to make?
what percentage of people on reality dating shows end up with herpes ? cause they just be kissing and passing each other around.
you think statistics are always accurate?
and this is the third movie poster for my cult film . so, which one do you like best?
i like this one best. it makes me want to watch the movie.
you must be cinderella
is that the real reason my mom doesnt love me?
: sterling k. brown wins supporting actor in a limited series for
congrats to him.
still got my sean jean powder blue.
definitely johnson's baby powder blue.
looks like i picked a bad day to stop sniffing glue
looks like i picked a bad day to try to answer a serious question, i didn't know it was a twister aunty em
eddie lacy still looks fat.
eddie lacy was wearing a waist trainer in preseason
was coming out of the awful love and darkness at the sunshine
at the sunshine? let me know when you are in the city next time, it would be nice to meet up for a coffee:)
, u would not be elected president if u were suspected of raping a 13yr old child. so why ?
are u living in another solar system???
he was especially excellent in it.
totally agree. he was fantastic. maybe the best actor other than paulson on that show.
lmfaoooo yo my mom was like only you and elijah would go on vacation with each other instead of girls
woooooow she's a hater nxggas can't go on trips
this day can't get any better. amazon delivers on sunday! i am miss happy pants!
when i discovered that amazon delivered on sun, it was one ofthe greatest things ever so i feel you!
my bhocolate snack
thanks booboo
remember 6 hours ago when and said the attacks in nj and ny weren't related?
last i saw, law enforcement was non-committal, said their were "similarities".
it was surreal in theaters. i wish i saw it more than once
sadly it was only me in the back row and someone in the front row opening night. such a beautifully dark film
it's always a renewed feeling after church. god bless!
god bless u too!
. jokes about nude photo hack during
...she is marvelous and a great team player (leslie you hav serena train you in tennis ok)
in other good news.... perry found my legendary white trademark shades!!! yachty is back in full effect!!
early 2016 yachty.
are there any differences between these figures aside from the avengers logo &amp; removable head?
the background wall is a different piece, one has scaffolding detail, and the orientation of the floor piece is different.
i'd like to thank this election for making me despise both the democrats and republicans more than ever before.
vote frank zappa!
brandon saad is what i think you would get if you put a brain between chris kreider's ears
good one i've often compared kreids to him.
cash cash games h2h or double up, then throw in maybe 2 gpp to practice.
i played $15 in double ups, and $5 in gpp
i have all those things! and a station wagon! and a baby!
so basically i should come to georgia? :)
i'm having trouble keeping up.
its not good
if your candidate is so despicable someone fears stigma of supporting them why not reconsider
soes the support this tweet? this guy have a trademark license?
what? no one!
both and i thought so!
hi ! the raiders threatened to eject all of us in the front row of the black hole today because our banner covered a different
what did the banner say?
god bless you ms carms
god bless u din po!
september 18th. the start of operation triple g. grind, glow up, grow. official. done waiting for life to get better.
i love this, i love you, i'm living by this tweet
do companies want a vendor behind their firewall?
this is a real good question
gordon dominated in '03 and '04, villanueva was good, but never came close to reaching his full potential at uconn.
definitely, although now that i think about it odds are this list is based off of nba impact which adds some intrigue.
claire danes looking more metallic than her dress =\
i can't stop staring at how donald trump her face is tn
keeping w/ finland: once upon a time, really thought p.rinne had a chance to be the best ever finnish goalie. not so much anymore.
rask will go down as the best finnish goalie of all time.
im gunna do this to you
u are so retarted... ily
what is this team going to do in october after price and porcello? who do you go with? nobody seems like a good option lol
agree. bucholtz might step up. meanwhile, pomerantz continues to show why he loses so many games. he stinks @ pitching.
q3: do you have to avoid any other allergies besides gluten? what do you substitute in your recipes if so?
a3 allergies to certain nuts and seeds yes! no cross contamination allowed
are there any differences between these figures aside from the avengers logo &amp; removable head?
also, one has been out for a while, and the other will not be out until november.
i've been off twitter for a long time. i'm pleasantly surprised by some of the delightful people i follow. well done, non-hermit me.
haven't seen you around in forever! really like your black christmas pic
*...what is history but a fable agreed upon...* -agent j
[intimidation] confession time? here's what i got i, robot i~open~sourced a-plot a private dic~tator now a.i. calls the shots
yeah, but, you won't live though your narcissist dictator- so don't live with it
i have dealt w/ obama's narcissism ...enough. and i was grateful he was elected over hillary.
ya so go back into the sewer and leave us alone yes jatalie is going to make it haters going to hate
lol bud im out of it you have to tag the person in front
you're so right, the national people never have anything wrong about the bills.
remember the good old days when espn didn't give a crap n barely mentioned the bills? lol i use 2 wish for bills stuff!
. giving good smize!
...you and angie bassett, right miss thing...!! :-)
why can i sign into the app store on my mac-but always get this when trying on my phone? password resets do nothing.
because apple is a hardware company, not a software company.
is that an 1864 still horse and buggy behind that tree ?
you must be looking at another time zone! lol. i see nothing.
bush n savan are 2 different things fum a savan eh just bush...
i doh ask you all that
. obama sold his book claiming to be kenyan born ...
thats how he got to harvard...play the global footprint angle in college apps.
i love nyc, survived 9/11. blackout, hurricane sandy and now this...nyer's are resilient!!
that we are, i still have family in nyc who i visit often.
can't believe ppl still think he is a good qb.
and that he can stay healthy.
afro caribbean who live in america? or are you comparing the lifestyles?
i'm talking about black people vs black people know general
exactly and we are thinking about a side trip to veracruz
there's time, my mom was thinking 2 weeks. download hopper, using to get a great price, it's ranging 445 right now
trevor is right, you aren't our brightest!
don't worry james, we got your back. hillary policies on education will be great help to you
is currently experiencing departure delays between 16 mins and 30 mins due to vol:multi-taxi
a delay program for is no longer in effect
personally, i've endured some deep hardships in my own past. bullying and isolation. but i still didn't turn hateful and mean.
it's a choice. people have the right to be angry, certainly. but never to direct that anger at those who've done nothing wrong.
they lost 3.6 points of share qoq from q1 '16 per
not really. mkt grew 40% qoq. pure was essentially flat. not good
we'll be here!
yeeeee cant wait
my flight's delayed because one of the cabin crew slept in. apparently that's something that happens.
why can't this ever happen when i sleep in for my flights?
it sucks! i don't see tonight ray donovan episode either! ugh!
i know! what are they doing to us??!!
i'm gonna start a slightly green banana club. we're gonna eat slightly green bananas and talk about how perfect they are.
can they be just a tiny bit crunchy?
omg that is adorable! you must use it to the extent of its power!
i'll attempt to live up to your ideals sensei!
transparent is a very good show tho and tambor is a great actor and im sorry its problematic it still deserves all the awards i think
also criticizing transparent for not having enough poc seems sorta silly when it's a story about a family of rich white jews.
great minds think alike
duh that's why we besties
do any of the trump surrogates like kellyanne hee haw or what ever her name is, realize their credibility is zero?
they all seem to be brainwashed by conman trump!
what i've learned: if you meet an insecure guy on the internet, start dating, then introduce them to your friends, they're gonna fuck your--
friends, turn them against u, start doing drugs, and continuously drag your name through the dirt; all because you boost their self esteem--
wear your school or nfl colors to church. then food trucks and games afterwards to involve community hss and the community too.
so fun!!! don't recall that when i went to sunday school. although, guess too young for tailgating and football...?!
i agreed that he was under-utilized at maryland. there's a reason why the coaching staff has changed. should have been better.
thanks for agreeing with my original more than obvious statement
i pray for luck as he has qb coach who i was no fan of when w/ jets schotty. colts ol is def elite level status
they play the chargers next. chargers with a bounce back win today
siriano really wore everybody tonight
sarah paulson does deserve the just for her dress (miuccia does it better!)
damn they call me ranch cause i be dressing
i fuck with that
i said it as a sophomore &amp; now i'm saying it as a junior. if u think 9th/10th grade is too hard, you got a big storm coming junior year
i didn't think it got any harder than 1st semester junior year...i was so wrong
charmian carr, best known for her role as liesl in the "the sound of music," has died.
oh man the "von trump" oldest daughter is gone? damn! and she was still young not old yet. smh sad.
damn... fargo is getting owned by the people v. o.j simpson...
i don't really understand why it qualifies as a mini series when each season is 10 episodes that's hella to tell a complete story!
fire up those coal plants boys
hillbots are so ridiculously stupid. a vote for stein is a vote for stein
afro caribbean who live in america? or are you comparing the lifestyles?
americans blacks thinking their better than carribean visa versa...we as black people don't have the
how did u write a song about hating someone n loving someone !!?
i just made my situation of liking a guy who didn't like me back rlly overly dramatic and voila! the song was born
yay! you watching the yankee game
no, we're actually watching green bay....what are they doing tonight?
thanks for following.
god belss you and everyone who loves their country and their name is deplorable i am one of them god bless
all these gangsters on , with all this money, still using flip phones....
lol! can't trace 'em!
should i rewatch transformers prime, young justice, or finish stranger things or animaniacs?
umm stranger things
don't blame alex-he had to use that number ... because of a quota.
i'm so confused! i thought was against quotas
. for the mf'n win!
finally! ! back to back wins for actors!
i figured, you pin atl deep in their zone and trust them to get a stop. i guess not? i thought this defense was supposed 2bgood
the raiders defense has earned that distrust, thus far. they haven't stopped anybody.
disappointed but used to it
it's cuz you suck at asiento caliente isn't it
the slimer base it's basically useless. what gives. is there a way to successfully use it that i'm missing ...
you can zig-zag the support arm, having it go back before it goes forward, or you can plug the whole thing into the gate diorama.
finally someone says an answer i wanna hear! lmao
been there and i love it
might as well be sassy...
you're the sassy on.
but the american idol parody at the end of 2 neutralizes any overall qualitative differences
karaoke in special edition of 1 kicks ass
more housing is fine! but if you don't agitate for more bmr then you're doing the landlords work for them.
i'm tweeting from the corner of van ness &amp; 15. with two parking lots kitty corner from each other.
new sounds no mistakes ft. , ,&amp; prod. art by
oh wow, would u look at that. its the greatest song of all time.
afro caribbean who live in america? or are you comparing the lifestyles?
luxury nor the time to play petty games like that....
i saw that peyton guy in 2007, i don't look v impressed
i hate when they put people through on sympathy.
a great show for a great cause happens today in deer park, li. presents "a matter of pride " to benefit the local lgbtq com.
thank you matt for always supporting us at nywc
is this what you basing ya smash &amp; dash ratio off of
smash and dash? what you talking about? lol
yeah. but say i'm thankful i got it tho bc, wow
trust me it felt so unreal when he did follow me
friends, turn them against u, start doing drugs, and continuously drag your name through the dirt; all because you boost their self esteem--
enough to the point where they think they're too good for you. trust me. it's happened 3 times to me and i finally learned my lesson. lmao.
i had a cousin that was allergic to peanuts! scary they had a bad reaction one time
we don't even bring poppyseeds in the house. it's a death threat. but we are all gluten now.
need to start this asap, heard all good things about it !!
ima wait till the season is done to watch it tho, only 30 minut episodes
i don't know enough to believe that statement is true
lmao well then get to know more
when strange behaviors become worse and you look at the calendar and this in two days
the power of the moon is real. very, no denying it...
let the man educate you
that's why i go cheat
lmfao i was like it's nice to do things with your friends she was like yea true
we was trying to find some tings in atl but all the girls down there mess with rappers and scammers so yeah
close your eyes then tf
is too early
couple of dogs trying to survive this heat rn
humphrey fix your ear
everyone stop. and watch this. this is why we do this.
the ending chip!!!
does anyone have any recommendations for good, non-fiction, recently published books i should read? send suggestions! (srs!) thanks!
decline of the west.
me thinking about school tomorrow:
this is also my first makeupless twitter pic, that's how dead i am
me either-even if i have no idea who the people are or why they are winning.
right! even if i've never seen the show or even heard their name before, i am so proud of them!
love this review of 's by of ! couldn't have said it better myself
thank you so much for the love and share! rock on fellow indie music peeps
nice to see you moved with me from sf to burbank! let's link up
i'll be back in la soon!
and apparently automatically skips over pics of your s/o in the process. so i'm downloading it right now!
who is more of a terrorist than
...what is a mouth-wetting drop?
my question exactly
this chargers win got me like..
love dis video, i love da reaction after a game like dat teamwork keepboltin!!!
barely been seen for 8 years wonder why
when gop conspired at the cloakroom inauguration dy08 they sd evn if it hrmd the nation.
might as well be sassy...
you're the sassy one.
sarah paulson does deserve the just for her dress (miuccia does it better!)
and claire danes in schiaparelli is good, but her fake tan is just wrong.
i feel like if lex luthor isn't referring to himself in the third person he's not really lex luthor
my creed is luthor!
i am adopting him. have you seen his interviews? dustin is gaten. gaten is dustin.
and his lisp! &lt;3 cute af.
love blooms at oakland city hall. congratulations to newlyweds roberto costa and beverly correa!
congratulations roberto
how can you falter when you are the rock of gibraltar i had to get off the boat so i could walk on water
this ain't a tall order, this is nothing to me. difficult takes a day, impossible takes a week.
psa: having a brightly colored asymmetrical hairstyle, multiple piercings/tattoos, stretched lobes etc. doesn't make you queer.
i've been really mad about this kind of confusion for a while because i feel i am invisibly queer
i am currently eating a large cup of the jimmy fallon flavor of ben &amp; jerry's next to a trash can in penn station hangover you win again
that one might be my favorite !
that is a really nice thing to do. were you teaching them how to tackle?
nah i just moss'd his shit
ready the popcorn. we discuss underrated films in this episode of tmdp. now playing!
what about air bud or mars needs moms?
lenin was right. useful idiots are all that keep the corrupt in power. you are 1
can't counter my point w/fact so you insult. trump like you uneducateds.
i mean i have something to complain about since you brushed me
recheck your messages
okay but she's looking...really perky lately?
that dress hits her in the right places.... that's for sure.
if you think trump's birtherism is not "important," you're probably a racist yourself.
: who cares?
is it cruel to eat prosciutto in front of a vegetarian? asking for a friend. who is me. who us eating prosciutto.
just don't look happy. (i should start a column.)
video : arrogant hillary surrogate calls trump supporters "mentally deficient"
this guy should get his ass beat. your insulting millions of people. they should lose their jobs
also criticizing transparent for not having enough poc seems sorta silly when it's a story about a family of rich white jews.
representation in hollywood is def way terrible but the remedy should be poc getting to tell their own stories a la moonlight
san francisco, oh how i've missed you
how long are you here for?
vote for job creation
hillbots still don't get it. a vote for stein is a vote for stein.
teen mom? forever and always
bingo thats it..oh goodness tell me they finally cancelled it lol
friend: you are the most eligible guy in town. i would date you right now me: wait really friend: oh. no! not. no you're a total horror show
i'd idly watch you turn into party jared and remind you what you did last night so we can both relive the regret.
probably this morning
it's horrific
yep, whole new conversation then. okafor under-achieved in nba, though gordon still had some solid years.
would still put okafor in for adrien and gordon switch with lamb for now.
i'm not gonna lie, my friend ... as you are approaching rock-star status ') let's tick off
hi susan, how are you? you are the exact demographic we need for ~ dean
yes. a thousand times yes.
it's the worst and i'm terrified.
all mixes are free of the top 8 allergens besides soy! working on switching to mini chips soon!
it's so important to know ingredients. life importance!
psa: having a brightly colored asymmetrical hairstyle, multiple piercings/tattoos, stretched lobes etc. doesn't make you queer.
and am oftentimes excluded from a conversation on queerness
i'm tweeting from the corner of van ness &amp; 15. with two parking lots kitty corner from each other.
we can build enough for everyone. the main obstacles are those who don't want the physical buildings to change.
address he's the one who can't understand the concept
you said you're here to take advantage of certain things
. poor tuxie. getting old is hard. my furry is taking some joint treats to help her. not as spry as she used to be.
he's been bmoc of the feral toms for 16 years. he's a hurricane sandy survivor and he's still in the game! he rules!!!
spin on them haters,
...luv it---it's a pantsdress!!
ok girl but take your book report elsewhere
so many sat words and complex syntaxes
there's time, my mom was thinking 2 weeks. download hopper, using to get a great price, it's ranging 445 right now
we are thinking nov 9-19
i must've done something right in life to deserve to be able to call this snapchat obsessed girl mine
what were you saying ?
why don't and other outlets @ the winners in their tweets. don't they do the advance research on handles?
its weak sauce.
i'm drinking coffee at 7 o'clock at night.. i'm 90 years old
you look good for your age.
it was pretty good. watched the whole series. wasn't a knockout smash, but worthy of a watch.
duly noted.
why play kerley or thomas
salary relief, to get the other plays i wanted
it's sunday my dude here's your header
the more i see this the more it disturbs me
congrats to twin. to on his 6th club championship title at cc of roswell! keep us old guys relevant!
nice little 66 yourself today coach!
nobody does it like bills fans! (16 years of no playoffs has driven us mad...)
yeah try being a chargers fan it take heart
representation in hollywood is def way terrible but the remedy should be poc getting to tell their own stories a la moonlight
instead of tearing down shows because they don't reach your personally defined diversity quota.
aw thanks! it was great getting to know you too =)
thank you i never really got in to amazing race but its people like you that make me love it more
q3: do you have to avoid any other allergies besides gluten? what do you substitute in your recipes if so?
what encouraged you to make a food line?
damn you on the plane already?
yea..but delays on all planes to lax due to runway issues at lax
joe, some cannot be educated because they're born to be followers, never leaders
so says the traitor who called our generals remfs.
i love you too holland
this is a really good series of tweets
ima wait till the season is done to watch it tho, only 30 minut episodes
oh man, maaad short, i hate when the good shows are like that. what episode is it at now?
the incredibles is on abc family lazy sunday night here i come
where is my super suit
"so, superman, what are you going to do with the cursed ruby that brings doom to it's owner?" "i got an idea" -later- "hey jimmy!"
this idea burrowed heavily from this hilarious short
thanks for all the hof nomination congrats! it about that time so let's make it a movement!!!!! biscuit 2016
let's get the biscuit in the hall of fame basket
.'s wins best supporting actress in a limited series/movie!
hey regina so well deserved
.reversed() doesn't make a new array. does converting to an array w/ array(testarray.reversed()) give you results you expect?
that requires manual translation back to the original array's indices, which is what i'm trying to avoid here
i'm eating my feelings in the form of a tuna sub. what are you doing?
smoking my feelings in several forms and working on computers because bills.
oh yes. do. tonight. stop what you're doing. watch it now. like literally right fucking now. why aren't you watching it?
but football!
address he's the one who can't understand the concept
you only live in one section of america...i promise you y hat you haven't visited all of it
no defense who to blame
what do you guys think is it the defensive players or defensive scheme?
fine, but that's really not the context of my tweets here.
*looks upthread* oh sure. the out-of-context generality got my attention. i see things through climate lens.
we can build enough for everyone. the main obstacles are those who don't want the physical buildings to change.
we want the housing market to function. west size single family zoning, and all the roadblocks we put on housing stop that.
oh shoot am i supposed to hang on to those? d:
uh oh, yes. fortunately you *can* buy them from terminals.
hell no. most of those girls are a disaster they're not canceling that
smh so its still goin strong...
what's seriously the fucking point of having parents if they don't give a shit about you
that is so true tbh
my buddy craig has two. maybe three. he works for a funerary company.
mine is a children's coffin. it was a gift from a coworker. honestly it creeps me out.
but they play funkytown and the i need a hero number at the end was life changing
the american idol parody does not require a 2 hour movie before it ill fight both of u
i really hope i have some great shit in store cuz the universe been kicking my ass for like 3/4 years straight now.
it's coming. you deserve it.
if you go once a year it gets easier to know who comes back every year with almost the same things so you can go to other sellers
i started to feel that a little this year. will keep at it :)
they don't look too bad they are up 2-0 top of the 4
that's great!! the need to win these next few games to stay in the race! fingers crossed!
flamur really keeps me sane
your tweets about flamur make me so happy. inshallah plakni bashk zemer you deserve nothing but love and happiness
sundays are for long, slow walks near airport and deep breaths of fall mountain air : heidi parslow
skied across there yup! ;)
agree with crew that joe girardi has done a superb job managing through turmoil of transition
sal, you are hard core to be still watching the yankees.
from what i've seen today, an oracle rac on docker preso at would be well attended.
i would agree
thanks for joining me for delicious birthday brunch and then kubo &amp; 2strings (which is lovely).
happy birthday
i want this team to tour the nhl, like one of those old barnstorming team.
harlem globetrotters of hockey.
actually feeling positive about music post two day music festival, very unusual
wonder whut u toom
i hope you're not wearing seven layers still
nah if i did i prob would have passed out
i'm tryin 2 get @ this guy in my english class and it's making the prep for my presentation like 10x more terrible
partly bc it also involves doing my hair lmao
it doesn't much look like john mayer is playing guitar as it does that he's having a dozen tiny strokes per second.
aw this sent late :(
instead of tearing down shows because they don't reach your personally defined diversity quota.
like the whole family cant be white and then the brother is a black dude it wouldnt make sense.
this is better. if gaudreau were on team usa he'd be going home friday.
what, usa hockey can't charter out of toronto after thursday night's game? i know, i know, too cynical.
new album title: it is always bumpy over russia.
album? or bond film?
we want the housing market to function. west size single family zoning, and all the roadblocks we put on housing stop that.
no one says "people are starving. we should stop producing market rate food." that is clearly nonsense.
road traffic deaths are not accidents, expert tells major safety conference via
it's not an accident. it's a crash.
how's that game?
it's good! tied at 7 right now. rodgers is just unreal to watch.
actually feeling positive about music post two day music festival, very unusual
wonder whut u took
i need a boyfriend that adores me like &amp; is always complimenting me
lmao i need one to spoil me the same but i love you
q4: what's your favorite toppings for pizza? do you make your pizzas from scratch or buy pre-made?
a4 we make our own. fresh warm melted cheese with fresh basil
i'm sad. i'm devastated. trying to figure it out
you know claire danes is super pissed and fired someone
my soul has left my body i don't think i can talk anymore
official time of death 6:27 pm. cause winning at .
in the process of editing tomorrow's video! filming more videos in a little bit. who's ready
not ready but then ready at the same time
you mean, we're not going to replace that sucky thin arrow -&gt; with the superior thick arrow =&gt; ?
yeah, arrows in are tiny. they should be yuuuuuge !!!
only three.
tbf windows has at least three different audio stacks if you count legacy apis and third-party stuff like asio.
3rd tip.. start off with 50/50 and double ups to increase bankroll i made the same mistake when i started
i played mostly double ups so far, i did $15 double ups and $5 gpps
how exercise can help you sleep better - the team beachbody blog
thanks for sharing
it's going to be a long season for them if they can't get anything together...
agreed. i think they'll figure it oit. they've got too much talent on the defensive side to not.
ahh i'm so excited only 4 more days!
i literally cannot wait
u know the refs always give receivers the call
fucking depressing lol
he went to jc before cal
always gotta remember who took that chance with you
what trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. apologize to the president, and to the american people.
was obama lying when he said you were unfit to run the country? or was he lying when he said you were fit?
hear these women talk about producing
thank you i never really got in to amazing race but its people like you that make me love it more
im use to watching it when big brother people were on but you i watched you all and just made it that much better
i think eventually they will ask more of him. but with guys like jr they won't ask him to do a ton as the ball has to move
lol they have to sign jr 1st lol
worry is overrated!
everything works better when you realize that you can't control anything pass a certain point, just let go and let god
doing a baby foot mask thing and my cat's expression says it all.
i have extremely sensitive feet and just really praying to not take my socks off and see chemical burns.
writing &amp; directing awards were always for a specific episode
thanks. i never watch emmy's! didn't know!
there's absolutely no got damn ally in the got damn world worth $38 billion dollars period
i think both obama and the republicans are screwing us
kirsten dunst was so freaking good in "fargo." and sarah paulson still totally deserved this.
i feel like it's gong to take kirsten dunst a few more meaty roles before she wins any award. film actress to tv thirst curse
current argument in my house: what should constitute a limited series...go.
two-six episodes (90 mins or less) within a two month period.
he didn't lie and you look like that dude who got stretched out in charlie and the chocolate factory
why are you tweeting me freak
q4: what's your favorite toppings for pizza? do you make your pizzas from scratch or buy pre-made?
a4 it's so easy to make and taste so much better. it all starts with the dough
that's right! i didn't even think of it! it would help me with some of the shows i don't watch.
i am familiar with most, but i just want to be in the moment again
i feel like i annoy people with all of my issues.
i am still okay with you.
it's 9:30 at night
plz refer to my previous tweet
lololol i work at walmart and i see all these pumpkin stuff and you come to mind 1st smh. im like how can ppl like this stuff
stop hating lmao
that reasoning could be used except almost every encounter with police is recorded now
or the reason could be cops are hired for their stupidity now a days. quit being a tool
my first running cycle animation! choppy, but eh, i'm still learning. only in my third week of classes after all! ^^
wow you are moving fast. that almost sounded like a animation pun didn't it? such an excellent starting point. great job :3
please! i'm sorry, i've been watching for years teresa is a terrible friend. it's all about her all the time... period!
- but i just met her now! where is the compassion &amp; sympathy for what this woman has endured! she did the time!
i have a fetal chicken in a jar.
i have a mouse in a jar and a taxidermy duckling riding a skateboard, both gifts. i really get strange gifts
grey haired fedora gent explaining to slightly younger date, a former "professional dancer," all about bukowski. i'm in a tom waits song.
i think &amp; can help you find a way out (or deeper in)
trump is a loose canon. if he had his way innocent blk men wouldve been executed. hrc also awful but more calculating
hrc has an abundance of cruelty. i'm not voting for trump, but he seems to be deficient in that regard
wonder what 's review of the will be...
only comment is sarah paulson =
by farrrrr the worst part of these emmys are abc's garish promos. give it a rest.
i was about to say
joe, some cannot be educated because they're born to be followers, never leaders
btw, i have led/managed union stage crews across us &amp; canada. what have u led?
i mean. we did it for coverage at for crissakes. help w engagement and reach. makes a more likely rt.
unless their tool doesn't allow it or posts were made in advance in some weird way. seems like missed opportunity.
why is claire danes orange?
according to her on her look "we really went for it."
the 19 people who put crush so far, ya'll need to stop lyin to me &gt;:'v
i put enemy. it was the closest thing.
thanks a lot! &lt;3
no problem!
lmao yall and the saints was battling it out. yall are about even anyway.
we battled with them last year and they beat us in a close game. today we were able to get revenge.
the nader effect
lol. the dems lost in 2000 because they alienated progressives just like they &amp; you are doing now
a few made the same observation, but this one from earns bonus points.
haha i didn't even know that
watching requiem for a dream because who doesn't want to have puffy, bloodshot eyes in the morning.
phenomenal movie, but it's craaaaaazy
pomerantz seems on regular form tonight.
pomerantz can't start his career selling insurance fast enough.
computer couch coffee cozy slippers
i have cried during multiple speeches.
is so freaking awesome. luv to see her in action :)
kylie is sublimely talented. amazing actress. tremendous performer. engaging. daring. and fascinating.
i know how it happens. &amp; like i said he still encourages it &amp;drops crumbs so as far as i'm concerned, he's part of the problem
alright. well have a good night.
so true, but i couldn't hate sarah paulsen if i'd tried, and i've tried.
sarah so deserved that
you guys i am so excited for television because it comes back this week and oh man am i pumped for
same!!!!!! so many new shows i need to watch plus all my favs coming back!!! tv
they might be intelligent enough to just disagree with her protest.
in my opinion they are wrong. i support her protest.
great meeting u! see u in the dust!
same back at you! always great meeting the like-minded passionate ones
took a while to get going, tho
yes it did. so many great performances. courtney b. vance right at the top.
it's like watching the old soviet team skate around people
i called them winning the tournament
goodluck christian, i'm gonna miss you, you're going to do great
picture is fire, but thanks i'll miss you too. i'll see you guys in 3 months
fuck ice skating. it's only for thin people.
what are you talking about? thin folks don't have that built in padding.
pretty sure okafor was even on the cover one yr.
you mean this?
cloudophobic cloudist - depends on who is liable for breach, uptime, etc...
that is the question isn't it. who is liable via sla?
when tells me i need to grow up ...
you're so cute ily
i am sorry he hurt your feelings, no reason to vote for a panderer with a body count and no conscience.
don't vote for either.
2 easy hairstyles for when you need a haircut:
check out my new video!
i want to put this on everything
i was trying to draw him in his general calrissian outfit. the original text was "man and beast agree colt 45 works every time"
*make that four
no matter how bad we can be, we don't lose to these bums
thank you score is tied at 7
yeah i'm watching both games lol
non-plus diary day : dead by 7pm again, after 6 hrs usage. half of 6s plus and half as advertised! hoping faulty.
my 6s plus battery life has been outrageously bad since ios 10. battery was much better during betas. wonder if it's a os thing?
fingers crossed! we aren't that far back. they just score it's 3-0 now one out
oh yeah!!!! go yankees!! who's pitching?
just because it's jozy. he could've tripped on a ball headed into the net and it would've been nominated.
yeah, he definitely got favorable calls throughout. should have been sent off for his challenge on sacha
ofc it is these r others tied to her that died
you know chris you're becoming a real pest!
her whole demeanor changed. she closed off a bit, and the vibe i got was protective. it was to see that
i've heard she's really quite lovely in person, but i could imagine how she would be suspicious of people
i need help. i have a recipe for conductive glue. what other compressible conducive materials would make good coaster feet? cheap preferred.
i don't have experience with this material but maybe (electrically conductive multipurpose neoprene ...)
lmao. twitter changing u b
this my new profile pic
i want a sandwich from the stranger things kids.
are they only serving pb&amp; j's?
krista's season of amazing race was a good one i'd recommend to anyone.
i know i watched theirs my mom was really rooting for them
nah it has to be photo shop yo no lo creo
you gotta find the original
this is what i get for letting dbk smell the ice cream
cat brain freeze is hilarious! right ?
and eyes are going to hurt from rolling them so hard.
i put it on jay for not having a big bodied rb in the backfield. where did that morris guy come from i wonder?
are we watching power or rob&amp;chyna?
i like rob&amp;chyna.. im hooked
conway birther lie she is disgusting as are people like pence and jason miller who repeat this garbage
: anyone who votes for hilarity is a traitor to this nation and all future generations.
trolls used to be scary as a kid. now they're just entertaining.
i disagree. you shitbags are scary as fuck hitler's brownshirts. fuck off.
wapo: check out the of gala goers watching hillary. among democrats, deep concern about clinton's hispanic strategy
kellyanne can't take u seriously anymore. nice hair and lies. sad.
i love watching him play but since i don't get a lot of yankees game i had to choose
oh, that's true. i take that for granted here with the yes network!
emotional status: crying happy tears looking at photos/videos of pets from animal shelters being adopted
also sad tears because i want to save and cuddle them all
the obsession i have with beyonc is getting unreal.. it's gotten to the point where not going to her concert has me genuinely upset
i see you boo notice me hollywood
not normal behavior for major-party nominee to talk this way about respected public servant for r and d presidents
-has trump ever, once, behaved "normally"?
i'm a fan of all of these emmy wins so far. great choices.
very politically correct tweet. lol. well played
drowning my sorrow with this. thanks a lot jaguars.
lol tim and i hit mongolian bbq place on way home.
will they discuss the proposed muslim ban? that could be sorta awkward. looking forward to hearing about it.
why would trump need to discuss national security/immigration policy with a foreign leader?
legit excited to see how bradford does. i'm sure my expectations will be shattered by the first two drives.
he's actually doing pretty well
i agree. and any of there fake ass touts who wanna call me out. im right fuckin here. come see me
is it better to go with the season long subscription or monthly?
oh tight can't wait for galts gulch
right. i'm such a "rabid capitalist" i had to look up wtf is galt's gulch.
call them. they could maybe work something out
if by some chance u got verizon u can usually fight them and say u never got it
jr smith really got a ring and melo don't....wild
brian scalabrine got one too.
dougal unhinged! brilliantly performed scene by and
brilliantly acted by all!!
refusing to let the neighbor have a nicer lawn
this is dad
i have a mummified bat. found it replacing a microwave.
a great conversation piece!
a tree falling in the forest with nobody there does not make a sound; it makes an air pressure wave. sound only happens when it hits an ear.
if wikipedia is accurate, it makes a sound from a physics pov (where sound=pressure wave), but not from a physiology/psychology pov.
conversely the same can probably be said of the gop. if they had nominated almost anyone else, clinton would probably be getting crushed.
back that up. who, on the gop side, that they would have run, would be "crushing" clinton?
. i've been looking for something like this. thanks for posting!
you're welcome!
i make quite a few dumb decisions, but deferring by entry was a smart one. can't imagine running it w/o zero training.
i might join you next year!
but i'm his basic hoe rt : basic hoe rt jedii_mcfly: bae if you randomly stalking my (cont)
that's the equivalent to "i know where he lays his head so it's ok"
i didn't create it but i bake with them all of the time and i do have my own company :)
very impressive, we need to chat later on that.
most underrated red carpet celebrity: elie kemper. she always turns it out!
she looks incredible
i don't have experience with this material but maybe (electrically conductive multipurpose neoprene ...)
resistance might be too high actually. this looks like it's for static dissipative mats
amy poehler &amp; tina fey. tina's got a chill beachy-hair thing goin' on.
and amy looks like the mother of the bride
when in new haven
omg kris the handler is the best handler
this nigga ginuwine got an erasable beard
lmfao his beard look like when write with a number two pencil and then accidentally move ya hand over it
she says she was briefed on the bombs in ny and nj and then is asked what she thought about trump saying it was a bomb
bombs and knife it is on radical islams is staring the "tet 2
; badass! imy! if we were together rn we'd prolly b laughing &amp; making syd mad. but ily man..
facts i miss you more i'm about to text you
boston is going to a pitching change and we have cc pitching for us
good for cc!! it would be nice if we could get one from boston.
keller @ large: traffic is getting worse
it looks like 3 lanes are going into 2 with no space.
i ran 12 miles and attended the today and thus feel entitled to go to bed before the are over but from what i see it's
also if you haven't watched people vs oj but have watched anything else i don't know what's wrong with you
took a while to get going, tho
i didn't even know that was coming.... :)
a gift is a gift so let it be that
i want the receipt
arrived in sf. great view - great to be back! looking forward to hook up
amazing pic! so glad you made it-- see you soon!
does has an event tomorrow night where he trashes the egyptian president? mexico worked so well
it worked fantastic
i know i watched theirs my mom was really rooting for them
i seen theirs both of brenchels jejos hopefully next then all stars with all of them
tea time: mint, dried lime, and brown sugar
you roll your own?
this glitzy remix by is a perfect blend of japan, fun and dancing!
ohay i'm opening my set tonight with that
i love love love jld but the industry awarding her &amp; veep constantly feels way too in-on-the-joke for me
lesie knope never got her emmy and that's sadder than lil' sebastian's passing.
unprecedented that no eid prayers were held at the historic jamia masjid in srinagar, for the first time since 1821.
so u could not pray with terrorist friends? its sad indeed. forgot they showed u the middle-finger whn u shamelessly tried?
he does know
you know something ur right. he told ghost himself
here's my pizza that i made! it goes from cup-to-table in 20 minutes!
amazing! i can come home make my pizza, shower and eat!
now and then, i do enjoy sitting down with a paper. on paper. sundays especially.
i can relate! one of my favorite things to do.
york fired the wrong guy. i know it's moot but it started there.
. hey - would be getting snaps right now if f***ing found any team willing to snap it to him.
i fucking knew there had to be jojo x gucci out there that brand screams jojo.
this is all an official collab for cruise '13. man do i wish i worked there for that
single-use patient sample cartridges could unravel a major supplies business
oh and let's not forget about those embedded drug dispensers under the skin either.
it seems like you have to save it within messages and it appears in camera roll.
yeah. once again, default behavior changed and is not configurable. sigh
that was awesome for the courtroom/legal machinations. made in america set up context/background/full story far better
yes, but it had more time. i agree.
two months with the jawn
i just saw this lmao bye
so much quality tv! good luck but hard choice, great stuff!
it pasted your bed time
but at times the crowd gets too loud that i can't listen to whatever the movie is saying.
people here are generally respectful w/ movies but for some reason not with anime movies because ???
you shoulda seen it in person!
rubbing it in! on upside i hung out with margaret atwood a fair amt tdy.
i have the yes network but they play more west coast games over here for me since i'm on the west coast
ahhhh, i didn't know that! that really stinks. all games should always be on lol
watch my newest scene with today on it's a hot...
no doubt this scene is gonna be hot as af!!
neither moderators nor the candidates should be wearing ear pieces ... this isn't a game show!
and hillary shouldn't be allowed to use a teleprompter as well.
myself, every sunday night.
i've been like a think tank this weekend. and i'm pretty sure i got the millionaire ideas ;)$
the way this episode is shot makes me all . such beautiful directing by david hollander.
its great just wish you had a bigger roll
ofc "robbery" "natural causes" "car accidents" ect ect ect
i'm trying to eat an artichoke. piss off!
the 1st winner of the gift basket is ! i'll message you after! congratulations!
awesome.it even looks crispy
oh claire danes do we have to talk about spray tans
wish she knew better. also think she should use
yeah let's screw all our diplomatic relations up ..mexico went so well.
what about it it didnt you think went well?
if hillary clinton wins in 2016, the supreme court will veer liberal until at least 2050
-hillary clinton must win!
oh tight can't wait for galts gulch
your enemy is not us. it is the pa mayor who doesn't give a crap about the jobs/housing imbalance.
i really should but like also you know
yeah true how else would you get dates
it was such a look, i felt like she was aiming it at me.
i know i felt it too lol
that interception:
i normally don't like football tweets. but that gif... is glorious
that is a good thing.what is shocking that some of us are still licking the shoes of invaders and occupiers.
thats what they are. where is this worthy's children? ask the fellow that
what a disaster jags are and i pick them to win afc south.
i wasn't too high on them. i still think they will have a good future but i was just not ready to say that they will win the
i'll keep you updated on the game
thanks t, i appreciate it!!
finally! ! back to back wins for actors!
now ! dis. tew. much.
claire danes, i judge because i've been there. i've seen the orange and the damage done.
slow clap for that neil young reference.
humans are apes
also rectangles are squares imo
dude today was gorgeous
thanks for rubbing it in my face... i know it was nice cause i was sweating while i was sleeping haha
i know math is hard but 270 out of those 97,488 would have meant no bush, no iraq war
i know thinking is hard for you, but they weren't voting for neocon gore anyway, and over a million dems voted bush, nice try
support hillary by taking the challenge.
[dodger (sung)] i'll do anything for you dear anything for you mean everything to me. ~~ [~oliver~]
it would be extremely nice to win this and not get swept
yes, please god, yes!!
only americans are important, right?
of course, of course. the big, strong, beautiful wall will surely make it all okay.
that really ticked me off
hell ya it did!!
piazza who?
hes out here on pace with joe dimaggio
trump knows he can't start extraordinary rendition of his political enemies until after he is elected right?
why would egypt be a political enemy?
nooooo, don't spoil it please...
carmela made a ricotta pie to get meadow into nyu. bridget got in with smarts.
great addition to my favorite housewives! spot on advice and so funny! everyone needs a friend like you!
- thank you kimberly!!
it's the other side of america bitching about nyc being stuck on 9/11 after 6 months while we were still numb
someone tweeeted last night a similar thing where it said america was oh my god terrorists and nyers were just avoid 23rd st
actually, i don't really care who they face. just let team north america make the final.
lol..fix is in.
are there any canadians rooting for north america?
im sure maple laugh fans are.
would you support legislation requiring everyone to attend church at least once a month?
i would support legislation requiring people to attend a science lecture at least once a month, better for society!
this girl convinced me that alabama represents imperial power and now i am for them
it's so embarrassing but that did happen
happy birthday tati !!
thanks alex!
i never said caribbean people are better than americans. i said where it's better to be black
it's not easy for latinos and blacks here that's a given...
it was a l in the home opener bruh, against a mediocre team that i even thought would get ran by the raiders.
everyone did. lol. niggas have had two bad weeks on d. offense couldn't save em this week. on to the next
just finished filming... that video had no chill
for revenge on ethan you should put hair dye in his shampoo
you're amazing!!
oh thanks! i am amazing!
dbr is better than bittsm for a very simple reason.
all the tracks on dbr have a similar lyrical quality that implies story-telling even without a contiguous plot.
i have over whelming evidence against for slander, against me and others. this is not a road he wants to go down.
. shut the fuck up joey i hope you never become mayor of my city you fucking idiot.
more moslems = more mayhem.
matt im gonna take your tet 2 article and add different images and change font but not content ... hope that cool..
because anime fans are fucking trash
flashbacks to los angeles premiere of madoka movies....
pagenaud wins sonoma race to wrap up his 1st title. via
... :-( you aint :-)
mimics the look and feel of a news operation, but its really the propaganda arm of the republican party
perhaps even just the 'right-side of crazy' wing of the gop.
undocumented migrants are typically net plus to economy. why shouldn't they get health care?
why not you pay the premium for them?
hurry up and poop... i miss you lol
cant rush a good poo
courtney b. vance wins lead actor in a limited series for "the people v. o.j. simpson"
"obama out. hillary in!"
ended up giving her money back saying - we make "glamor" we cant perform miracles!
for miracles she has to go to chelsea's apartment!
"everytime we touch - cascada best edm song of 2006" lol okay
its the best song ever r u joking
"the high school's principal was brutally murdered and eaten alive in his office lol hey are you going to the club tonight?"
y'know that's how they do in sunnydale aka the hellmouth.
you agreed to that tho
cause only i can call myself terrible
it's been almost two years, . can you please make an apple watch app (that also lets you sync music offline for running)?
i love discover weekly and don't want to switch to but being able to run w/o my phone &amp; have music might just make me switch.
i know math is hard but 270 out of those 97,488 would have meant no bush, no iraq war
and it was your sickly corrupt warmonger hillary who voted for that iraq war. shameful:
high resistance is probably ok. it more or less needs to match dry skin. i could also probably soak it in water + graphite + glue.
search for emi/rfi shielding high-temperature silicone rubber strips. might be more what you need
they are free to express their opinions. i don't have to like or agree
you say the same abt kaepernick? blm?
i rly want a video of this. &amp; i want to play it for so many people. i hope the periscopes of it persist
it was magical and gorgeous, uplifting and quieting the monkey brain all at once
riffing off brown, courtney b. vance also thanks, "the woman that rocks my chain," angela bassett, then ends with "obama out!"
and hillary in.
you roll your own?
in this case i put together some items i already had. wanted herbal tea. most often i use pre bagged.
rubio comes to mind. clinton is insanely unpopular. if it weren't for trump shed be the most unpopular candidate since approval
rubio, as every gop, wears the mantle of hatred and bigotry. he wouldn't be crushing anyone.
eh, i've had crowds clapping in theaters before
clapping is fine, we're talking like actually shouting and talking loudly etc
"thank you for giving a brother a chance." a chance to steal scenes from courtney b. vance, no small feat.
and boom. courtney b vance, overdue og.
why is this the first time i've heard of ????
right! i'm like clearly i have to check this out
ill make sure to hand it with some california rolls
it'll just end up in the trash
fins playing hella poopy helps too
horrible in front of their own net tonight.
what should they talk about? nyc weather? trump's new hotel? if not talk about policy, why bother meeting?
foreign policy and dealing with isis. what we do in our house is our business.
q5: what's your favorite recipe using all-purpose flour?
a5 totally love to bake fresh cookies
freak was the exact word i thought when i saw your neck
i dont get why youre upset kids a poor scumbag who had carded creds on his account
the other night malia and i slept on an l shaped couch and our feet touched i s2g if i have cooties i'm gonna be real upset.
"i've got an l shaped sofa... .. lower case."
it's delicious with some tequila and a little lime.
ha! great minds think alike :)
i love this. coinout wants to digitize the pennies in your pocket
glad you do! you can sign up now at
i love discover weekly and don't want to switch to but being able to run w/o my phone &amp; have music might just make me switch.
on a related note, i'm sure a lot of us would also appreciate a apple tv app.
vote stein so at least you'll have a healthy conscience while breathing pure cancer.
since you're just repeating your idiocy, troll, you're blocked. enjoy that poisoned water from hillarys fracking
did he just say "obama out, hillary in"?! confirm please.
he did he did he did
no problem you usually keep my updated on games that i can't watch it's the least i can do
you're so sweet!! we always look out for each other
just realized how holy and religious i am
i hate you so much
someone come with me to get my nipples pierced
we out imma get mine pierced tuu
riffing off brown, courtney b. vance also thanks, "the woman that rocks my chain," angela bassett, then ends with "obama out!"
and hillary in!
i just couldn't do it. it hurt my feet too much.
i saw the rental skates in one of your pics, i can see why.
and i don't know a britney spears tune from one by ariana grande.
ick. the kids don't listen to that
to be honest, james is to kind of a soul for this game.
heis and so natalie it think thats what messed them up
will you be watching the first presidential debate on monday, september 26th? vote and retweet to reach more people!
only to watch hrc to hand you your white wrinkled ass on a platter.
ratings started being counted
bc of highly skewed, lying media.
all the tracks on dbr have a similar lyrical quality that implies story-telling even without a contiguous plot.
bittsm is missing this.
this is why we stand you wanna protest?find another way. start by growing up-stop acting like entitled idiots!
god bless the family of this hero. while i am a fan of the 49ers, i am no fan of kaepernick. he is deplorable.
ok but i think i'll cry
"she's gonna pee her pants i think" - caroline tuman, last friday .
q5: what's your favorite recipe using all-purpose flour?
a5 i actually bake corn bread to zucchini bread
it needs to be the dio one tbh
i'm always a fan of joseph/ceaser pose
i almost died trying to poop fuck
i didnt know the toilet seat was up and i sat and fell into the toilet fuck
well most of these dudes have probably never had anyone invite them as a g
*guest somewhere in their life!
that's fair
crush is probably the closest thing for other people as well if that maes you feel better.
but eric idle played merlin in a too-short robe. you can't beat children's comedy like that.
the robe doesnt cover his (dick) is literally the only joke in that whole movie. the rest of it is unwatchable
lollll that is an adorable tweet
i do adorable tweets with these adorable fingers baby
more or less i guess. one definition says the approximate shape of a square and another says all sides must be equal
words mean nothing to you. it's true...what they say...some people want to watch the world burn
this piece about the final days of fdr and ww 2 is fascinating and chock-full of details i had no idea about.
makes me think i should read an fdr biography at some point. any recommendations?
hard to knock him for what seems like a broken hand.
not to mention playing through a broken hand...
im still upset that i couldn't hang out with &amp; over the summer
come to the bardlands anytime nick
although i guess most of them are just reading the subs instead of listening to it.
that may be the case, but i feel in most societies it's considered super disrespectful to be loud during a movie
is it coming out easy?
a lil slow but im good lol
you've been insulting ppl all day &amp; you're calling us out??
gonna suck for you nazi dirtbags. first a black president and soon a woman lol
why? i now know more about a bunch of software and systems than i did this morning and everything is updated too.
weak joke about the pain of migration chores, not serious... i learn that way a lot of the time too ;^}
sarahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! from the bottom of my soul!!!
hillary in.... prison?
i know. we didn't connect when i was in the city. was just playing some of your tunes. blessings to you
i wanna send you some new shit when i track it out. please send me your email when you get the chance
sisi crackdown moves beyond islamists to rights groups. assets frozen w/o showing evidence.
you love him no? he is against assad who blocks omani pipeline :)
hahahaha. you know who i meant!!
me! of course!! i bake too.
you would think this would be easier, but do have links to the other parts? this one ended on a cliffhanger.
i know. i retweeted one other. but easiest way is check their twitter feed!
yeah cuz that's gonna protect me from strong fuckboys and people dressed as clowns in the woods
im not fuckin with that shit
happy birthday
thanks tim
we are loving these behind the scenes videos of the fashion show by !...
the runway sparkled thanks to ... what do you say we do it all again with a few surprises?
too bad i only send you nudes
..cause i'm so lucky!! fyi i have your fire booty as my wallpaper
the future might not have mac and cheese
i don't care about mac &amp; cheese
no just pissed off by first world white feminist, opportunistic racists. i dont expect you to grasp intelligence tho
help you help me...explain it all to me
today i ate coconut fruit, cooked with coconut oil, and used coconut oil as skin lotion
incredible face lotion btw
oh, and thanks, , for making 2500-year-old castiel not look a month-&amp;a-half over 42!
you'd never be able to tell honestly
ca also has the highest population -- the more people, the more it takes to support them (especially in wider income gaps)
so what cities and gov stop planning at certain size? that's an excuse.
reusable water bottles for the win!!!
i know i need to be reasonable :/
i'm not even sure how dark it is. we live in the continent! i'm not rooting for finland or sweden cause i like a guy.
c'mon! it looks like an imperial logo or something...
definitely one of the more memorable birthday celebrations in recent years; many thanks to all who celebrated &amp; made it so enjoyable.
love you ev! hope you had a great birthday!! so happy i got to see you
tonight i got my stuck garbage disposal to run again. i feel like the most powerful person on earth right now.
wanna come over? this totally has nothing to do with my dishwasher acting up.
can't wait for the 2nd week of school so i can start wearing sweats everyday
starting tomorrow i'm wearing sweats the rest of the year
i don't know if wild ass would taste any good
you right, what a out delicious corn dog though? would you fuck with that? halloween and thanksgiving are coming
and then i hear: let the vacations begin!!! boom!!!!
nice place to vacation prefer st. thomas in virgin islands
ceiling cat long cat nyan cat
i hate this but it's true
thank you for all the fun. love mainevents tech team
that's how we do!!
are u gonna smash your keyboard buying atlas shrugged on amazon or what
actually i've tried to read it twice. so bad i couldn't get thru it. but, something i'd recommend:
i'll go back in that bitch wit a gang of bitches wit full heads of hair and not do shit but order water and waste their time ...
don't even know why y'all argue with
it was senior year on halloween lol
oh yeah i remember lol. we were trying to figure out what you should be
it's way too early for me to be drunk and listening to tame impala right now.
nah you're doing it right
back at my old coffeeshop haunt in denver, and so happy. these angry, glitter-wearing hipsters make the best espresso.
need covert pics of glitter-wearing hipsters!!
woah, awesome
i am always looking for products that have a good taste
clinton, trump to both meet with egyptian president at u.n.
... could use different variations of skincolor to run the govt...
they just can't fall apart and blow this lead. they look good right now
i agree. that's been their issue lately
. good point-&gt;"we need to dispel the notion of fatalism," though-these crashes are within our control to prevent-
i believe vehicles can move safely with awareness, but they need space to react.
we're heading to time square babes! follow us on snapchat to see us en route! ashleydbeauty vickylogan tayllorkaye
we're in times square by the stairs in the middle area near mcdonald's, disney, american eagle, and t-mobile!
no, fuck, the griswolds need to play one more show this month so i can hit the 10 show mark
literally just get on a plane to new york right now&amp; go to their show tomorrow
so....johnny cochran is in hell for doing his job according to jimmy kimmel. what an ass.
smdh. kimmel is showing his ass tonight.
this story is so interesting any thought on who you think did it???,
yes i think the brother. he was so creepy on dr. phil.
guys on knife shoes fighting for the last oreo.
haha good way to put it. ah the idiosyncrasies of sports.
first up, the stunning wearing custom siriano tonight to the styled by tanya gill.
also staring in master of sex on showtime
watching get witchy with it
apparently we sat on the same steps today
beautiful girl and smile! &lt;3
thanks girl!
nobody in london believes pizza crunch exits.. they think i'm having them on.
the deep fried snack of the gods!!
who are you, you have won my heart
hello i am ryan a fan of dogs, science and food network , so niceto meet a kindred spirit
why you gotta bring into this
nah dead ass send me the hw
i think they saw the magic carpet and genie in a lamp sticking out of his bag. also he was on a camel.
he had a copy of the qur'an hidden in the sleeve of a time out nyc travel guide.
lmao i never thought i would see stephen moffat on an emmy's stage negl.
he's been there before!
still an order of magnitude &lt; than the tech ind today...but you also have to think about wealth effects over time
it's a good bit of context.
not laughing with you, laughing at you. thats your claim to fame? the pinnacle?
what have you led besides a group of kkk jerkoffs? seriously, you nazis r sad.
so that means you are happy bush won?
so, you never leaned how to read?
yes!!!! need that sush
when are you free this is urgent
no one has figured out that the sun is 68 million miles away. it's 93 million miles away.
phew i thought we had gotten suddenly closer...it would explain global warming....
can they just host every award show?
everything*
sick! an ambitious start!
yeah, def not putting this on anyone any time soon.
today is birthday!! she exists!! i'm so happy about that and i celebrate her giant brain &amp; gorgeous insides/outsides.
i can wait to watch again next season, she is fab! missing u guys so much.
sorry. it's not now about anything but how unfit &amp; dangerous trump is. check w post doc dump week ago
it's actually the opposite. it's all about how unfit is, with overwhelming evidence
un resolution must be enforced on pak before we discuss anything.
it cant be; bec. area has been ethnically cleansed. we cannot re-establish pre-1947 situation. money does not bring knowledge. :)
. ap flour mix is great for cup-to-cup subs! it can be used in any of your fave recipes!
does that mean that you use the same with this flour as regular flower?
i'm lost, you know this
rachel in a nut shell
and then i hear: let the vacations begin!!! boom!!!!
p.s. have fun wherever you decide to go would like to go with you one day
nick is beginning to have his doubts.
yes, he is.
courtney b. vance took a role that could have been a caricature and made it a complex, personal, deeply layered performance.
i assume you're talking about him in final destination 5.
yeah but that's different than throwing vulgarity at people with a differing opinion.
i may say fuck them, but i'm not saying they can't boo.
is nick going to casually run into his mom at this post-apocalyptic sam's club?
only if they both brought their membership cards!
first richard conte selling apples. then charles bronson with watermelons. next jason statham as an onion farmer on the edge
and to finish, bogie tries to move in on the strawberry market.
whos here for dragon?
dragon just needs some company with friends
you've been insulting ppl all day &amp; you're calling us out??
shitbags like you who embrace putin &amp; scum deserve to get called out
sweet! it's 20m away for me. i will check it out
it's good!! i wish they had two machines like erm though.
commission bans moderators from wearing earpieces during presidential debates
next the commission should ban hillary from wearing an earpiece or using a teleprompter as well during the debates.
one of my favorite tropes from the lethal weapon movies is riggs chasing after cars on foot.
i just saw they're making a show! is this old news?
slayed by at the ! sorry olivia pope, but we can't handle this. perfection
stunning, beautiful
wait really? i've totally missed it then.
yeah, for sherlock
me: do you even know joe thornton? alyssa: uh ya he plays for the 49ers ..............
that's ma girl
claire danes's makeup courtesy of oompa loompa cosmetics. because you're worth it.
"because if i don't look good, neither should you."
(1) a message to my white liberal friends who are so scared now, that i would love to cosign (am i getting this right, jane?)
(2) we white liberals have been told by the media that white votes matter most. and polling follows media demand. to believe hrc will lose
. ap flour mix is great for cup-to-cup subs! it can be used in any of your fave recipes!
can you tell me about the sugar in the products?
news flash bigot. not every muslim kills. which is why we call them "extremists" moron.
who cares? the majority are horrible people. they hate us so much, stay the fuck out. if you like them so much, move to iran.
trump loves the gays. he will protect them from foreign enemies. just not from domestic ones like pence
hillary sells weapons to saudi arabia who executes gays and stones women. lovely.
ooh, what are you watching?
"secrets of the castle" tower of london episode
what the heck why not
it's really not my biggest concern
went and watched the cg viewing revolution trailer again and i feel the endgame for this is to just put in live sets and let you experience
a full live despite not being there. and of course you'd pay through the nose for this and each live playlist would cost hella money
it sucks cuz they seem to lose it at the end of the game and we can't afford that this late in the season
i totally agree. they need to stay focused!
i honestly think they wouldn't have brought them if they could. they were scared to bring jones to socchi.
yup, they would've made the same mistakes they ended up making!
barely been seen for 8 years wonder why
is a code tht america lst her greatness bcs it 2 times elected america's still great b4 trump
no a/c in our 1927 apartment, but it was almost chilly inside anyway. we have great airflow and east-facing windows.
the micro-climates you have 13 miles away are amazing. no natural shade here, so we get the brunt of it.
(2) we white liberals have been told by the media that white votes matter most. and polling follows media demand. to believe hrc will lose
(3) is to believe that the coalition (poc, women, lgbt) that elected a black kenyan muslim barack obama against a war hero and then...
has anyone asked why trump has been seeing a gastroenterologist for 35 years? other than rachel maddow.
what immediately leaps to mind is he is an enormous asshole.
what is this?
review for tumi (moderately high end, $95) toiletry case on
sarahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! from the bottom of my soul!!!
you should get to writing hillary's concession speech. great energy!
yes i know it's same. you're my cousin and your parents=my parents smh.
haha, less for you than for the masses, but yes, we're family. did anyone notice we have the same last name?
a full live despite not being there. and of course you'd pay through the nose for this and each live playlist would cost hella money
(and for me it'd still be cheaper than doing a weekender)
yeah i mean why don't you guys just get ron conway to give everyone money
i mean, personally i am for basic minimum income. (this is laura clark tweeting)
news flash bigot. not every muslim kills. which is why we call them "extremists" moron.
i'm surprised a gay man such as yourself would feel this way after the pulse incident.
outback steakhouse. show em a real meal
that's my place! but seems in bad taste
fargo was better.
i loved fargo, but no
not only is this page harassing the nolan family but now they're harassing me. can everybody please report this page
this nigga tweak bro , wtf. who does some shit like that ..
q5: what's your favorite recipe using all-purpose flour?
a5 i use apple sauce and yogurts to make it moist. what do you suggest?
i didn't see an answer to my question. are you happy bush won?
are you ok with hillary's corruption and warmongering?
do me a favor don't @ me anymore w/ backyard stupidity. stick to what you know. guns &amp; beer. merica
i'll do whatever the fuck i want. bitch.
if i was taking on the superman mythos one of my central goals would be to imbue metropolis with a genuine aesthetic identity
granted that identity would be a kind of platonic ideal of what i imagined a big city to be like as a kid but i think it fits
(3) is to believe that the coalition (poc, women, lgbt) that elected a black kenyan muslim barack obama against a war hero and then...
(4) a centrist money guy are gonna stay home and let obama's legacy stagnate bc....why? hrc is not black? is that how little we understand..
i'm surprised she made it this long with my riveting commentary.
she had to lie down after learning that
tariq has officially crossed the line.
needs his ass beat.
i'm free friday and saturday!
saturday sush date be there or be peets
do me a favor don't @ me anymore w/ backyard stupidity. stick to what you know. guns &amp; beer. merica
make me stop. come on tough guy.
nobody's upset and this kid is 30x the player you will ever be.. stop sucking him and let it be
what lol i just beat him so youre really the only one sucking him i didnt even tweet him
general public without trump rising to take it's human form.
rubio supports the same hateful policies as trump. no daylight between them.
good info. hope you're right. maybe i will roll back to beta
can't be indexing right? i don't remember ever dealing with that hit in the past.
the luddites are everywhere.
also, if this is what activism means to you, kindly fuck all the way off.
sea otter awareness week 2016 starts today! photo by
they kind of look like the otter version of the jets from west side story
what the fuck, ? play your own ass off.
like, that wasn't even 15 seconds. they need to calm the duck down.
(4) a centrist money guy are gonna stay home and let obama's legacy stagnate bc....why? hrc is not black? is that how little we understand..
(5) the poc electorate? that the most reliable voting block in history will stay home bc...media $$$ reasons? it's infantilizing and awful..
although i guess one thing was that the reactions were positive, stuff like "woooo" and "kyaaa". noone shouted anything negative.
yeah i guess love live is more divisive in that way. as in fans of that franchise feel it's cool to shit on others more so
nope, and you can't make me.
maybe you didn't realize you can eat the ball
dave is the only person in history who has ever given a shit about richard gere's business dealings in this film.
honestly i forgot his character had a job
keri russell is a nominee...for what? does everyone get nominated for an emmy?
not sure why you're throwing shade since the americans is a critically acclaimed show &amp; people say she's overdue for that show
5th ave and grand central is on lockdown rn
wait really??
it's still out? i thought it was for one night only.
it's only full for one night.. but it's still hanging out!
say more? what confusion do you mean exactly?
when people who look like that but aren't queer id'ed get preferential space and treatment in queer spaces over me
it's so embarrassing but that did happen
alabama are the yankees of college football, etc, etc
hold their value super well and are invincible. i've had 3 :-)
baller! closest i got was a fj40 75
loved that series! it's racking up the wins tonight.
agreed! talk about a busy day on twitter ...
let me beat box "here comes the bride" at the wedding
lets do it *plugs in mic*
wow. that was some rude play out music for the winner of the best television show of they year,
they played off high maintenance?
haha classic. the "land of the free" &amp; you want me to move. i think you have it backwards.
i don't want you to. but if you don't like it, later, kike.
yes! mmm i love zucchini bread
i'll be going apple picking. will have to come up with recipes for that.
why everyone trying to get it from me tho
who else does hw??
some mufuckas gotta realize that caw isn't life. stop taking the shit seriously &amp; go plant a tree or some shit... fuck!
now don't get me wrong, there are some great people in caw. there's just some "collect a check every month" niggas that fuck it up for us.
the sex appeal is undeniable. voted most attractive &amp; unforgettable crew of that past decade. thank you.
let me know if there are any female sound technicians there bc i wanna do that in the future and ppl say i can't bc i'm a girl thx
lol he could of if it wasn't for that fumble. our o line might be the worst in the league
next sunday gonna be a good one!
higher up the hill we were in the 90s. glad i have a pool (and some ac).
envious of your pool right now, the a/c let's me sleep at night.
i know i'm the only one... but i iove moffat's sense of humor.
classic british humor ftw
banning a religion is, in fact, part of foreign policy. egypt would be an affected country. seems pertinent.
a religion was not banned, anyone can worship freely in the us. who we let in and on what basis is our business
the lake at notre dame on a beautiful sunday evening
did you take this yourself? wow! can't wait to see.
both had a 3rd string qb taking snaps today
boom. this was more of a current events misfortune joke than an actual trivia question.
say more? what confusion do you mean exactly?
i meant to write conflation but my phone corrected it btw lol
to humiliate melania after her plagiarism of michelle's speech at the convention
i believe the photos were a distraction as it was "the time" he said the first 2a comments referencing hillary
alabama are the yankees of college football, etc, etc
and once you root for a franchise once you can't change! so here we are
great show. watch!
same. just looked it up. where have i been.
i use applesauce, bananas, or pumpkins depending if the recipe can use it.
great, try to mix it up. seasonal tastes are good.
you answer my question and i will answer yours. are you happy bush was elected?
wrong. you answer my question and i'll answer yours. are you ok with hillary's corruption and warmongering?
(5) the poc electorate? that the most reliable voting block in history will stay home bc...media $$$ reasons? it's infantilizing and awful..
(6) and a symptom of cultural insularity. the obama coalition has gone nowhere, but is ignored bc our media is a $$$$ white male owned...
they deserve it !!
wholeheartedly
anyway, i'm watching buffy for the first time ever in case you didn't get what was happening.
i'm very happy for you. i'm due for my rewatch. it's better after each rewatch.
every time i open the espn app
sickening
granted that identity would be a kind of platonic ideal of what i imagined a big city to be like as a kid but i think it fits
draw heavily on philadelphia, washington dc, nyc in the summer of the '90s, seattle, san fran, &amp; tokyo
we can all go home. has won the internet. her new shirts benefit :
i need this to be real. also i will wear one badly.
me on this bus
i am off the bus and home and ready to watch the rest of the
"ask not what i did for black voters but ask black voters what they can do for me"
that's his legacy.
when makes the look good
he didn't look bad when he started, but he ran out of steam early. maybe more reps in practice. maybe i find a vet
trump demanded potus's college transcripts in 2012 in name of transparency, but now won't release his tax returns.
go figure but most importantly what is really hiding? we can't allow him to sly &amp; dodge this one!
ive cried to like 10 acceptance speeches - no more parents die please
what's a good snack to go with the in memoriam segment?
awww daamnnn imma take some new ones then so i can update your wallpaper with this booty
yes please!!
i don't think so
it's your opinion relevant? no. bye.
i am thinking apple brown betty so good
i mix apple and pears for pies.
ok congrats big fucking deal
um lol it is a big deal cuz its legal
(6) and a symptom of cultural insularity. the obama coalition has gone nowhere, but is ignored bc our media is a $$$$ white male owned...
(7) enterprise that's focused on entertainment so their vested interested is in a horse race.... when in fact this thing has been over...
my friends ripped me for taking my girl to the 06 afc championship game and wearing a colts jersey. did it for her.
yo you do what you gotta do. fucking twitter fingers over there would do the same thing if they had enough scratch to go.
we'll look into this!
i went anyway but still haven't gotten my welcome coupon :(
yeah and if you build more housing for the rich then uhhhhh
actually just "allow much more housing to be built." at first, bc of shortage, it will be fancy housing.
i want to thank for firmly planting in my brain that choosing kindness is so important.
and although it may be hard when you see people spew so much hate, its important to be kind to them too. no matter what.
study: most overdose deaths from illegal drugs, not prescriptions
but what leads a lot of heroin addicts to using that illegal drug?
looks like the dodgers might have a say in the giants wild card chances.
looks like a couple teams could seal giants fate, it's amazing their still in it.
322 messages really??
our message is somewhere in there
thanks for the break
i love how these heat waves separate the wheat from the chaff. "finally, a sunny day!" bzzzzt wrong answer.
lmao i read this in my moms voice
lolol the men nekachew came straight from gashe tbh
i am hopeful he will put country over party could be my hero
i'm very afraid, we could be stuck with trump. a trump presidency is not good for dem, gop, lib or green.
i am off the bus and home and ready to watch the rest of the
did i miss sarah paulson's coronation?
not to my knowledge as a child he threw stones at a neighbor's toddler. attacked his music teacher. and etc.
-all you have to do, is say that, and the whole world knows who we are discussing!
love tayfost too much
love you and our heart to hearts
from nirvana to dr dre to whitney to rem, 1992 was hands down one of the best years in music history.
the first cd i ever bought was out of time
when u trying to fit in but it just ain't working
i don't like this at all
rather interesting no one at the mentioned anything about but pretty quick to throw snippets at .
were you hoping for a moment of silence for the dumpster at the , ?
coke bottle from a slide top cooler. orange pushups. squishing pennies on the train tracks. pbj sammies w/o washing hands
pennsy pinkie or spaldeen? hadda be one or the other for stickball.
in other news orphan black is pretty good have you seen it
nope what is it movie? nflx? will watch thx.
same like they'll come up in my playlist and i'm like oh
thats me everytime i hear no better or love club.
(7) enterprise that's focused on entertainment so their vested interested is in a horse race.... when in fact this thing has been over...
(8) since '08 due to demographic shifts and the gop tea party isolationist takeover. just my 10 cents.
i think a dead guy tied to a post could do a better job managing the sox
we hired that guy. he hired carl willis as his "pitching coach."
why so salty?
i'm always salty about my thesis :d
and the cry of my heart is to give you praise
from the inside out lord my soul cries out
outstanding miniseries makes you wonder all over again how this story possibly happened
this story was the beginning of 24 news coverage. the reason why we have the most non qualified person running for president
what if the "anything else"is crazy ex-girlfriend?
nope. pvoj is short and vital. and you can't convince me cxgf is the only show you've watched since march
bill weld could be a hero--instead of a nader--if he renounces his own libertarian candidacy and endorses/campaigns for hrc. stay tuned.
from your lips to god's ear........we are frightened.
are u mocking me hoe
no u were supposed to read that a different way
a religion was not banned, anyone can worship freely in the us. who we let in and on what basis is our business
egypt is a natural ally on the war on terror, presidents of countries dealing with isis would want to meet with next prez.
one day i'm going to watch sherlock. everyone keeps telling me to.
i'm sitting here thinking that about every show. i'm obviously doing something wrong.
i live in a swing state. can't risk hillary winning.
i cannot fault you for that. if my vote counted, believe me, i'd be considering it. but ca, so jill
haha classic. the "land of the free" &amp; you want me to move. i think you have it backwards.
but i can't enjoy my guns and beer right? because the second amendment is antiquated? and only whites drink beer? bigot.
late post- how could i forget the beautiful &amp; talented ??
haha thank you!! wine glass in hand xx
psa: pls stop the stigma that someone is giving trump the vote if they don't vote for hillary and decide to vote third-party or not at all.
voting for someone you don't support/agree with/don't think will make a good president just so the opponent won't win? can't relate.
fox news played a key role in fueling donald trump's birtherism:
they certainly did!!
same i choked especially since she just reached it
oh my fucking god. you basically come to my mentions every fucking hour of the day, liking shit to be against me. gtfo
gov sits down with . tune in this morning to watch !
pence looked like a real idiot on this interview. couldn't even answer the questions...
sarahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! from the bottom of my soul!!!
i am glad you won, but we need and he will win.
damn and all he got was a dap from dudes? no pussy? no trophy? no money?
holy crap. need to see a video of that dude 30min -1hr later
how was it?
nashville was a blast. time to detox now.
and you couldn't say that for front-7?
the giants front 7 is nothing like the jets front 7 not even close. when was the last lb u had of note? u really
the boston bombers tsarnaev brothers and san bernadino, and minneapolisterrorists were islamic immigrants
again i said refugees we took in, not people who legally came here and became citizens
also, can defineproperty non-enumerable if iteration is a concern. but perhaps let's agree to disagree.
yeah but most libraries i've run into never do that right
way sick bro craziest nfl game i've been to
no way haha. can't believe they won dude that's unwild
haha classic. the "land of the free" &amp; you want me to move. i think you have it backwards.
take your aids infected anime emoji and gtfo.
and now that the categories i cared about the most are over....time to switch to the yankees. sorry emmy i still haven't forgiven you
me neither. i will be carrying that grudge for a long time.
holy crap i should write a book
keep your paragraphs off twitter!!!
you insisted of getting your leg in the picture instead of me
omg i was wondering what that was
we're about to lose our 80 day streak but no biggie
you know the reason for that..
d'lovely last night with sister &amp; at .. photo:
cheers 2 all fab! photo . .
q6: do you find that you like baking with recipes that need fewer ingredients since going ?
a6 being in a dorm, the less the better.
the world needs you singing with nash again.
the world needs the new music david is making now, which you haven't heard yet, and kicks all kinds of ass.
people i grew i with/even random strangers think i'm covered in tattoos but are shocked when i tell them i have none. sorry guys i'm a pussy
people are weird when you don't have a tattoo or say you don't want one
i would say your entire line up had a good day.
one could say that.
exactly, i was going to say, it's not so much webpacks' fault as it is webpack + react + react router...
was kind enough to link me to an example for rr v4 code splitting:
resting, big 28 goal season coming.
he played pre tournament games...
ok, even though i asked first. i don't believe she is any more corrupt than anyone else in dc. don't believe he war mong theme
of course she's more corrupt. she did uranium deals with putin and others through her foundation:
live look at the raiders defense
looks like he paid $60 just get wasted outside the coliseum
even tho i pushed you off the bed all night
yes, and even though you punched me in a not so welcomed place.
retweet the na one
*insert pandacat related excuse*
does trump actually have a shot of winning again? i remember when the conventional wisdom post-conventions was that his campaign imploded?
it did. he has no shot. media needs this for ratings. same thing happened in 2012. clinton will win comfortably.
and you couldn't say that for front-7?
think the giants dline is as good as the jets? even with one of our own? the jets have 3 elite players on that&gt;
this shit is horrible out here . get me back to the hood lol
gotta wait till you get back to the hood lol
let's put your "we're not racist" claims to the test, (many, many) fans!
not against brisset. good arm for shorts, relies to much on blount today. lots of pressure on rb's today.
it's been a year but i'm still
im a morgan convert tbh
q6: do you find that you like baking with recipes that need fewer ingredients since going ?
a6 is this kept in the fridge? add water, egg to use?
this guy sitting next to me was trynna get his girl back so hard talking about "mami tu eres mi vida" and she was not having it at all lmao
she didn't say a thing the entire time so i'm pretty sure she was just there for the tacos
are y'all planning on watching this new jam? i'm intrigued.
haha, i was just about to post about that. looks interesting. also, are they prepping us for something?
boyfriend: "why are you crying? are you ok?" me: *shows him kate mckinnon gif*
when she starts crying after hearing her name is everything
obama name-checked john mccain and mitt romney at that clinton fundraiser tonight:
yup that's how this should go down. name is not worth mentioning
thought that was a prison at first
they salty rn.
lol i ain't said it wasn't im saying he gassing the uglies up
they probably not ugly, maybe they glo up hasn't started just yet
if anyone ever decides to date me &amp; you're my friend &amp; it seems like i'm not spending as much time with you please call me out on that shit.
nah because i understand that you're getting the d and that's more important
what i take away from emmys tweets is that i have absolutely no idea what/who most of the shows/nominees are
they're good so it makes sense.
actually just "allow much more housing to be built." at first, bc of shortage, it will be fancy housing.
but that's what happens when you make a lot. the price comes down. when u constrain, price skyrockets.
robo-transcription sites are only useful as toys pumping out strangely shaped mondegreens: "it was last billiards is common here."
have you tried my good friend, ?
the tpp is similar to nafta. nafta is bad but the supreme court is still important.
, , etc are much worse. final solution worse.
oh okay good because i think nat lowkey feels like james did it
i cant wait til james finds out eveything about his fellow hgs
haha! i paid $621 for one direction and it was row 11. there literally the best seats. you're gonna have a kick ass time.
i paid $375 for seats in the second floor at metlife for them omf
rubio's young, hispanic, vanilla, and generally controversy free, which is all you really need to beat someone deeply unpopular
and saddled/tainted with the same gop legacy as the rest of the crop right now.
i told chelsea that i dissected a rat last week and she goes "was it alive?"
this gave me a good laugh
obama is a weird cat. progressive in so many ways but not in many others. like drones, war, police state, inequality, drugs etc
how is obama a weird cat? do you know nothing about american "diplomacy" since forever? we always shoot first take ?s later.
yep, idk why some people play jokes like why even. you know how a person gonna react and then to find out if it fake and.
that's happened to me plenty of times
have you shared the deck anywhere?
nope. but this time i think i will do a blog post about it after i give the talk.
2 more questions to go then i will announce the last giveaway winner!
where are you selling this? i haven't seen it in whole foods
but i don't think rohmer thinks jerome is wrong about everything.
but yeah, i wouldnt say the pleasure of the film is necessarily wrung from the material of using jerome like a punching bag
and you couldn't say that for front-7?
line and the 4th mcclendon is every bit as good as hankins and hes equaled snax 4yr sack total in 1 half
holding strong thanks... amazed at how often one can feel there no steam left, yet it comes from within when needed.
i so hear you : ) called it the . check out this quick but profound read:
yes he did at least there d is in midseason form allowing 1 td in 1st 2 games
just crazy but the rams don't want to hear that. they get their first win in la since 1994
there is no better place to see the fabulous rochester skyline than from the top of kodak office. stunning views.
how do i get up there?!
that was a rude moment, playing off the producers of the most celebrated show of 2016, to facilitate a commercial?
but how else will we know about diabetes medicine?!
current mood. steering rack broke on me, haven't driven in a week. waiting on new parts like.
damn that sucks. hang in there. next thing you know, you're back on the road again
yes the y are
is a taco a sandwich???
you srsly think it's the stereotypes we're jealous of? not the awards or commercial success or acknowledgment right?
this is the epitome of white privilege. you totally misconstrue the plight of an underserved race &amp; make it about ur own fucking problems.
that being said, while very superficial, coffee flavored boba tea is yum
it is?? i should try it... i always just get like the regular black tea boba with like half the sugar im super boring haha
wow theyre hitting ppl w the savage cutoff music now - high energy w booming vocals and bass! i wud strip and dance
gina needs to win an emmy
obama is a weird cat. progressive in so many ways but not in many others. like drones, war, police state, inequality, drugs etc
i don't like the neocon anything about the o administration but i'd be naive to think any other potus would be worse.
it was in motion. but before it broke the red line, it was saved. no goal.
the puck nearly all of it was over the red line. my argument is that is proof enough it was a goal.
ok, even though i asked first. i don't believe she is any more corrupt than anyone else in dc. don't believe he war mong theme
and i already showed you cheering for the iraq war. she also pushed the honduras coup:
lmfaoooo it was a joke just ignore my terrible humor
i looked at my screen like " is she fr or is she kidding?"
thank you so much cutie
love you
happy birthday my guy, stay littt
goodlookin out bro
listen, best to you. sorry for what went through. not going see eye to eye. good luck
same, best of luck.
is it possible to turn off the menu bar icon?
not at the moment but we decided to can this feature in the next release and maybe bring a reworked version back later
good night my beatiful squirters and sexy cummers! i hope everyone had a wonderful weekend....sweet and wet dreams...xoxo
good evening beautiful hope your night is a good one
plays two positions
sickk. hes a freak athlete
large areal extent of smoke from wildfires currently in northern russia (lance aqua, red--&gt;thermal anomalies)
i wonder if any of those are in permafrost. those are the ones to really worry about.
as president, i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you, the american people!
this old man need psiquiatric help.
are you using the password on the side of the router? also try rebooting the router. ^dfm
i rebooted my router and my internet is working again. thank you for the help!
sweet fancy moses.
yeah i thought last weeks 156 was good.
no environment is constant on the planet lol. either plan and make transitions easier or we get bay area shit show.
also cc you should follow her if you don't karan she has best understanding of what's happening here.
. is it possible that the iphone's a10 fusion chip is making actually making lightweight tasks slower?
yes, but it's likely making background tasks slower based on gcd's quality of service. user initiated tasks get priority.
let's all that betances doesn't slither out of the bullpen tonight
that would be wonderful sally
i think he's gotta be in the rotation. start on a pitch count, work up.
is plan to slot him in next time ynoa spot comes up?
in fact, one guy i know who is on food network injects and repackages a packer to cook later. flavor is great.
oooh lulz. real shit is i'm missing dope brisket here in sf. :/
yes maybe so but claire danes is beyond reproach
i know. she had me at "my so called life"
it's out thursday at midnight!!!!! crying have you listened to the previews
i've listened to some of them!
and you couldn't say that for front-7?
&amp;the other point is the nyg oline is nothing special. the bengals line is infinitely better &amp; they got destroyed
not before eddie g. corners the raspberry trade
i think i saw that one but i forget the title ...
this is always fun
love her but she can be a huge idiot sometimes
this isn't shocking. george washington's teeth weren't made of wood, his dentures were made from his slaves teeth.
i seent this shit mainey
dude same he reminded me school was tomorrow
i'm going to tell him ima kill my self like he told me too
and you couldn't say that for front-7?
so in short... uhm no
lrt had jason already died in main continuity or is accidental foreshadowing really that fucking cruel
he was already dead
cc is looking good right now. let's hope he stays that way and that he gets good run support
that's what it's all about...scoring those runs!
sounds good! do you cook too?
yes, when you have food allergies we play it safe and cook. mostly i freeze the breads to have
the prs (post race syndrome) is real. i'm already sad to leave sonoma.
i know that feeling well. every time i go home from after a race weekend.
agreed. her work is awesome. i could gaze at her beauty all evening :)
i consider myself to be a very objective guy. is it just me, or is indeed level supermodel?
emails in my opinion herself is perhaps the biggest threat to national security
i'm sure the janitor at platt river networks was able to read hillary's top secret emails.
roger goddell announces that jimmy garropollo will be suspended four games for screwing up his master plan.
send goodell an escort that will tie him to a bed, take pictures and leave him tied there. season suspension
they look great. i had mines in today too. also, congrats and good luck with your impending nugget!
thank you lovely
i'm proud! please follow your heart on what you wanna draw
you listening to the livestream, getting advice and being filled w/determination! &lt;3
pats win. colts lose. again.
blah blah blah blah why do i listen to your podcast twice a week! you only remind me of nfl pain.
when your show is way too cool for the ?
i give you guys all the awards! love your show!
another move, another horrible experience
get and save your sanity!
true i can't wait till they both find out tht almost everyone tried
some people are trying to say they will all be friends lol
*watches season finale of * *immediately googles status of renewal for next season* *exhales slightly* omg thank you!
season 3 is coming!
ok, even though i asked first. i don't believe she is any more corrupt than anyone else in dc. don't believe he war mong theme
and her warmongering syrian policy has led to a bloodbath:
but that's what happens when you make a lot. the price comes down. when u constrain, price skyrockets.
what do you call single family zoning? i call it protectionism for wealthy communities.
should i? i'd rather not.
we went to puerto alegre, so i'm probably not the best person to ask right now.
. also, why doesn't my cat have any sense of personal space?
i have no idea, but that's adorbale. also why did i only see you one time at xoxo?!
if the had the schedule and were in the nfc east they'd have 11 wins. firmly believe that.
its true but we get brady n the pats every freaking year
s.f. chinatown leader rose pak dies
-she created much change! i am sad to see this!
magnificent! *tries to wish self under old trees*
between the redwoods &amp; the live oaks, this is tree heaven.
special reward for finding khalil mack.
something wrong .
'transparent' creator jill soloway calls donald trump "an inheritor to hitler": emmys...
...totally agree remember the sinister daddy bigbucks$$$ types in the 70s 80s foreign films. looked just like :-0
but surely if pandacat was gone the other teams should've treated nme better. that's how it works in oce
should've let them pause until he was back from his school trip smfh
he is da man, in everything we do! :))))
who's the man, is the man
i didn't know you were coming! i'll be there tomorrow. will you be around?
i will! getting there around 1 or noon, we should meet up :)
i just see how it is different. white supremacy is there but nothing compared to the burning house
colonialism is subversive but america we deal with the hatred and anger on a daily basis...youre right
the great thing about - the villains are always easily the best dressed
er you were watching pride and prejudice
need new tattoos and piercings very very soon
for all your piercings located at the same place you're getting tatted
q7: since going , have you found that you like baking more?
a7 screams yes! i have my own variety of trusting food. getting epi needles is not fun
the deal was i answer your question and you answer mine
yes. and i just showed she is corrupt and a warmonger, despite your delusions.
okay i thought so but either way wow thanks guys
they live to see you hurt lily
exciting apps and returning to the home screen seems so much slower
that's an animation bug that a ton of people have reported. think it'll be fixed soon.
rip they ain't dead, not yet.
why am i a snake!!
what did i do to deserve a friend like
we're there for me when i was learning how to be this kind of person again. thank you for always believing in me
obama says sexism could lead voters to back trump over clinton
the dems are very scared of trump
who took this video of us
literally this was a private moment
thoughts a year in?
hasn't happened yet, and i'm not trying to push it. still there seems to be many untapped opportunities.
black people cleaning up the
and? it's based on talent not skin color you bozo
yasssss bitch
love you jardy
oh man... just doesn't dissapoint. got me feeling all sorts of emotions!!!
watching on the ipad , emmy's on the tv. double dose of ray donavan.
q7: since going , have you found that you like baking more?
a7 i can feel confident my food is fresh and not in a supermarket for months
rt &amp; follow to win -4 morphe palettes of your choice -$75 giftcard to goodluck babes
please babe you can keep all the morphe palettes i want that gift card
i mean, personally i am for basic minimum income. (this is laura clark tweeting)
in addition to the current (fraying) social safety net
. reports on uk profit and sales growth. congrats to team on key milestone
looking dapper!
the deal was i answer your question and you answer mine
and the answer is i was going to be unhappy if gore or bush won, so bush winning didn't matter.
he's a great player
took less money to stay in gb too. loyal.
i lost my virginity in the death grips pit
how fucking sick were they.
mr. one q. 4 you why are you having 110k refugees coming to usa by next year? what about us? those that can't live above poverty?
wants to double that number.
hey tho that works for u so it's worth it lol the coffee flavor is like...the idea of coffee, though, so it's not as good as real
omg im just laughing at the thought of the idea of coffee as a flavor
yeah, i don't know. i don't think gary gaetii is an option either.
joe mauer played qb in hs. sign him.
congrats yuh-line on her vogue article. first asian american to represent chinatown!
: thank you, old friend!
the only thing you've led to is boredom!
wow, so fucking funny. are you the comedy act @ your kkk rally?
"progress is on the ballot. tolerance is on the ballot. democracy is on the ballot. justice is on the ballot."
and the dems are putting our sovereignty at risk by selling it to the enemy for a quick dollar &amp; a vote
johnathan casillas has been awesome as of late actually. devon kennard and keenan robinson aren't bad either.
kennard i like but your telling me cassilas? who had a good week or 2? im talking david harris types calvin pace
corey steel?
corey haynes his real name is brandon i think
i believe david's wife jan made it for him, but i may be wrong.
terrific autumnal colors in that hat.
just saw presenting on the anyone else out there love the ray donovan series???
i do! watching the finale now!
plz retweet!! you roasted heel wife into hiding
you teach bad manners to kids
i believe the photos were a distraction as it was "the time" he said the first 2a comments referencing hillary
i say b/c he did it w/ the climber on bldg 2distract. notice media didn't call bs but were &amp; have been punked.
jet fuel can't melt steel beams tho right?
thanks for showing you can't counter hillary's chummy business ties with putin...:)
i will literally talk to anyone
idk how to ask you if you're okay
some times, you make it hard to love you seahawks, but i'm in it until the end
i drafted wilson as my qb until brady is back...so you've got me supporting this for another week.
see you at 4th?
sighs heavily what do i need to buy to lottery
i'm waiting for a team north america vs team canada in the championship game. or, is it a gold medal game? help me out
it's a final, since it's best 2-of-3. also, tuesday night's game should be a bit of fun, eh?
happy birthday ! hope you had a great day &amp; continue to ! best wishes love !
thank you pamela
it so aggressively doesn't care if people like it that i love it
sara i can't think of a limb or sour note from the entire last season
who's there
megs and bacon
do they sell your type of species at the pet store
ya catch me @ petland
johnathan casillas has been awesome as of late actually. devon kennard and keenan robinson aren't bad either.
who was a solid lb for 6yrs, dlee who looks like hes going to be special. but no again im sorry its not the nyj
i got the post pax pox and spend a lot of time in my hotel
ohh no! feeling better?
i'm just tweeting this so i have it in three months. patriots steelers titans broncos cowboys vikings panthers seahawks
is this supposed to be your projected division winners? it can't be... the cowboys are on there.
that's where ur wrong, camera has to visually see the puck past the line. if it crosses under the pads nogoal
the pads part i get. but it was showned nearly over the line only the back 3inchs was on the line the rest
while filtering is real, the more immediate mechanism is absorption
what happens when you chronically underbuild for decades? see example: bay area
today is the last day to enter the competition for a free . share a pic cheering for your team &amp; use the hashtag!
can i enter for 2 different teams?
now we've made him cry. i knew it was too much too soon.
i weep for this country that a usmc mom would suck off putin and support kkk.
to the people that drafted ap in the first round.... you fucked up lol
tell me about lol
and tonight we are going to daddy disco at the eagle. it's a grace jones night! *hoola hoops* i fucking love san francisco.
omg it's one of the best nights! disco daddy is amazing!!!
rams get bucs next who was put back to earth today by cards
haha i picked the bucs today but the cardinals handled there business. titans get on the win column.
-you seem like a nice guy. i have no issue w/ whatever you want to believe as it's your right.
thanks, i'm doing my best over here to always extend grace to others. i really enjoy good intellectual dialogue!
please give me the recipe! it looks so dank
thanks babe! will post it soon x
an amazing and rare pic of a bald eagle by the bay,
we spotted one in western massachusetts over labor day weekend! other was circling.
that's where ur wrong, camera has to visually see the puck past the line. if it crosses under the pads nogoal
was clearly over before the stick knocked it back out. if this was a nhl playoff game this call would rek
my cuzzo gave me this camera because he believes in my vision for taking phot...
good for you!!!
how could we forget to add this to the list to binge watch!!
yaaaas! adding to the list too
plz retweet!! you roasted heel wife into hiding
is that how you two produce?...she wears masks
kisses for you
thanks love
thoughts a year in?
hasn't happened yet, and i'm not trying to push it. still there seem to be many untapped opportunities.
johnathan casillas has been awesome as of late actually. devon kennard and keenan robinson aren't bad either.
front 7. look do i wish we had your cbs?? absolutely. but we just dont and u just dont have our def front 7
that's where ur wrong, camera has to visually see the puck past the line. if it crosses under the pads nogoal
and possible cost the team a win,
last call for questions about higher education and college affordability! on tue. i'll be going live on facebook &amp; answering your qs.
explain the relationship between the explosion in available federal loans and the increase in tuition since 2009? discuss.
i knew it'd end quickly
they're not worth ur time
i have extremely sensitive feet and just really praying to not take my socks off and see chemical burns.
it's getting progressively warmer.
hi :) to create and time the subs i use aegisub, and to encode the video i use avidemux (on windows)
thank you!!
good thing i'm not homophobic and i do eat healthy thank for your assumptions
darling children who call women trannys are homophobic &amp; filled with hate.
i had to defer until next year. suffering from severe head aches during training. have ct scheduled for wednesday.
ahh! get well soon! if it helps, deferred whole last year of races. :-/ they'll always be there waiting for you...!
let's be clear: there's absolutely nothing "other" about president obama - as politician, husband, father, american
seems like trump surrogates are all deplorable just like the conman they defend!
have you read it yet?
yes, i read it. it's actually very technical in it's own old way. i like cotton's addition for
happy birthday
thank you
they could because james and nat seem to be forgiving people but idk
now way. way too personal
america has been restricted for years. reducing taxes and regulation would unleashing a productivity monster!
that makes sense- i agree, i'm trying to learn more about why companies actually want to leave. has me thinking!
hey hey get outta here help!!!
wait that kid is really scared for his life i'm dead
you're a fucking idiot
no, that's you dipshit, since i've shown how everything you have said has been stupid and wrong.
i can't stop staring at how donald trump her face is tn
is kit harrington a tiny man? i have a sneaking suspicion he is and i'm still ok with it
forreal i be getting hella mad bc my hair be everywhere
honestly and even at functions you can't even leave your down bc it gets hot asf
just wait until you watch throwdown. it'll make the trip entirely worth it.
my prediction: shelby inks jihn yu &amp; tiff time bomb by sunday
have survived large brooklyn gathering, wish for praise for this accomplishment
you did great i enjoyed your reading and you ended the first section with aplomb
johnathan casillas has been awesome as of late actually. devon kennard and keenan robinson aren't bad either.
and keenan robinsons a role player cmon
can they be used to chill scotch?
strongman competitions. you pick them up and grunt.
it's the best movie ever and i know that you both loved it!
i'm going with a nah...
i am all for that. people don't seem to realize his crowds are white only.
i've seen it time &amp;time again. they don't want to see the neonazi white supremacist
omg send this to me i miss you
i will right now
i got some like that too!! mine has a little glowstick in it
omg welcome to the fam
whatever you're giving your horse, stop it. it's tripping out rn
idk he looks normal enough to me ken u don't know his life
kinda missing the thrill of having do relocate demo in his keynote. he's mentioned it twice now. guess he does too
you should have tried to get him to create 4k pdbs
what happens when you chronically underbuild for decades? see example: bay area
this isn't an either/or. we fund subsidized housing from market rate housing.
switchbacks may be frustrating, but they're one of the primary ways to get service back on schedule when there are delays.
eliminating bus stops is annoying when there are daily switchbacks
"summer's over interlude" even more affecting than usual over the next week.
wait until it rains tomorrow homie
got toothpaste in my eye this morning. also happy birthday to me.
happy birthday boo
pmfs are amazing! we have a fellows in innovation effort that sounds right up your alley
i applied for wh internship 11 times-this is exciting! thanks! when can i apply?
always welcome.
wait a second... why was i taken off this reply?!
so johnson-weld an even faker libertarian ticket than it seemed?
only if you believe carl bernstein over weld's specific denials. the story is what is fake.
you're retorts are as obama would say jv level!
*your the baby jesus and your english teacher weep over you.
you're a fucking idiot
and since you've lost the debate, idiot, you can take a block.
it's getting progressively warmer.
the mixture also smells like lavender which for me is actually the opposite of calming.
u brought your hookah with you
we did it again this summer and got fined like $300 i think don't do it!
yay thanks again!
those are nice.
i thought i was going to have to become one of the reduced motion kids
never give into to their lies
i love putting in her place!he tells raddatz her questions about trump are absolute nonsense so right!
pence looked like an idiot... they should be worried, he's peaking at the wrong time. fla will be blue
we don't talk enough about how great dr. katz was
we don't talk about a lot of things
good thing i'm not homophobic and i do eat healthy thank for your assumptions
keep up the healthy eating! you'll be amazed how quickly you will lose those extra pounds!
i like her clothes
i don't like them that much.
where'd you find this? is he talking about pascals's triangle?
i see...lol, i kinda stumbled on this book like a year ago. tried to read one page and my brain was fried.
for a plane ticket i'd much rather go to new york
then come here
what's worse? me saying wtf is this? or the person who allowed you to step into the car and out...
hell red number looks like that weird sculpture on the wall in al pacino's office in devil's advocate
i thought i was going to have to become one of the reduced motion kids
never give into their lies
the reaction 2 the engagement cracked me up feel like thats something every friend would say , nice of u to confirm that!
- so happy for her! pete is an amazing person!
i appreciate sir walton's description of the carp as the queen of the river
see, they knew
he's hit peak kyle chandler.
i think that once per day but he keeps climbing
my ability to think gary johnson is somewhat acceptable is rapidly deteriorating upon deeper investigation.....
it's a compliment to how well he's doing that people are starting to come after him. how he's holding up to this minor scrutiny - not well.
7 day forecast: rain tomorrow, then sunny and warmer than normal until sunday.
brighton beach 7am-830am monday?
monster was the first rem album i ever owned, but that's because i was 5 when out of time was released lol
first vinyl (yes) album i ever got was men without hats ... i'm old. but funny out of time was the first when i got first cd.
this isn't an either/or. we fund subsidized housing from market rate housing.
when we build housing we take the pressure off existing tenants and we subsidize low income residents.
chris christie: " it's not true that [trump] kept [birtherism] up for five years." governor, it is 100 percent true.
must call bs on their lies. i know it's hard to keep up, but doing a public disservice to let it go. beyond unfit
so you honestly thought there was no difference between bush and gore
that's a stupid question. all things have difference.
you sound like an asshole when you ask if something on a menu is "heavy"
or a thoughtful bottom
is it time to phase out the strategic petroleum reserve?
-probably now is not the precise time to do this.
- i seriously wanna meet the guy im gonna marry &amp; be w for life .
- or i hope god reveals him to me if ive met him already
where'd you find this? is he talking about pascals's triangle?
just google the principia.
i served all americans &amp; with americans of all colors try again!
yet you support a racist shitbag with an antisemitic ceo? dumb.
they all stoopid. all of em. except greg - the one i despise the most.
he's the smartest one
when you go to church at cal and the priest is wearing birkenstocks &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
this is a lie bc u don't go to church
last wk was sept opex. since '90, the wk after this has been higher only 4 times past 26 yrs. higher only 15.4%, lowest for any week of yr.
that's good information for someone willing to turn their investment strategy into a guessing game, but useless for anyone else
but it's still the best python lib for oauth that i know of.
just decided to implement myself. similar complexities as you mention, and tbh its not that complicated of a spec.
friday night lights, sons of anarchy, prison break, vampire diaries, revenge
the only one of those shows i've seen was prison break and it was amazing!!!
i'm drinking coffee now
this is our fusion
yeah think they'll forgive on nats end james idk lol
bronte day tiffany bridge james nat michelle will be good
coach puttin ppl in them seats tho?
i honestly have no idea and i do not discredit cam's athleticism. that hat has gotta go.
one more vote for you to go on the podcast with ; it's a great, respectful forum
but is it effective? doesn't appear so.
no, i just want to say hi.
okay, was worried i missed it - i live in the wrong time zone to keep it straight when it is
q8: will you look for products in the future to give them a try this baking season?
a8 you betcha! i try it. it's the story of our lives when we need to be gluten free. thanks
come home and listen to her with me
give me an hour
that's my thinking too.
uconn is so uconn they probably lose on last second field goal to syr then beat houston 5 days later on a last minute fumble
thanks fam
great technothriller about the commoditization of drone tech. you'll love it!
courtney b. vance takes third 'o.j.' actor emmy, throws support to hillary clinton
...as one courtroom attorney to another :-) is getting desperate he &amp; his minions the pounion.will take his loss hard
the mixture also smells like lavender which for me is actually the opposite of calming.
it's like a lemon that has gone off.
i always choose one upset just yoloed it
i do the same thing but that was a real good call
new: emmy for lead actor in a limited series or movie goes to courtney b. vance in 'the people v. oj simpson.'
are the emmys tonite?
yeah but you call it that to deflect real criticism of your free market zealotry
only you think we're free market zealots. because you don't listen to what we actually say.
so the other day, i got an email from a former us president telling me that my business cards are ready.
it's not that outlandish, since the tomb of ulysses grant is right near 's campus.
new original song for y'all!! "definition of breaking my heart." make sure yall click on the link in my bio pls
beautiful !!
nothing turns my day around faster than taco bell
pls send me some
true but it also made us watch a short art film about a neanderthal woman losing her baby as its warm up. that's confidence.
i forgot about that what a fucking showwwwwww
oh, so they make you _want_ scotch
you have it!
how to get emily ratajkowski's smoky blue emmys eye via
no thanks heavy handed, sloppy, looks like a mall kiosk tween did it.
the adventure begins
wow this guy was crazy carbonated...not sold on the flavour, but would try the ginger lime chili next time.
my young savage
ima steal this dog
says the one on her second piece of pizza
4th* but okay
thanks! should be back on the road by thurs. i just installed that one in feb., luckily it still had it's warranty.
that's great news!
yeah, narcos is good and all, but why have a brazilian play escobar? his accent is horrible
it's honestly kinda disrespectful smh
you still look sexy af
you're giving me a big head now i look like death but look who's talking beauty!!!
i hate you for this but at the same time i'm impressed
i'm sorry that was rash
what the hell
real out here
(ps i don't actually love my camera for stills, it's fine, but i'm probably getting a new one soon, olympus prob)
i have an olympus mirrorless that i'm learning on. and thanks-- you actually mentioned this title a while ago but i needed reminding
not sure if amy poehler... or bilbo baggins
what happened to football...
trump responded to the nyc attacks like he was presidential. hillary responded like she was medicated.
and not a word from pres obama. too busy worrying about his legacy, fundraising and golf.
this is everything
you are everything
umm i'm a little offended that i don't get to go to the emmys for my own accomplishment or even as your date so...
jess do u have amnesia? youve already been to the emmys, u were young rose on transparent..
come visit. i got asked friday about cooking for lmb. was tempting ;) ...or maybe i'll deliver next time i'm up.
really!? nice... that time of year is coming so i'll be forced to fly in again so
my brothers third day at work
this is the greatest thing i've ever seen
giants fans actually think we're gonna beat the vikings and packers and go 5-0.........smdh
realistically can be 4-0 going into the pack game but.... who knows
rt good read: does it matter that pokemon knows where you go, &amp; much more about you? ...
...dude! u r on my feed w-a-y too often!!
yes if you are prepared to make india communal grave of 1.28 billion hindus then pakistan is ready for nuclear war!
yeah &amp; where will shittistan be then. first attack and shittistan will cease to exist. ever one a war in straight fight?
i saw it fairly recently and it it def worth a watch lol
i think i need to! i mean, i had a feeling it was him in there, but still
rem is rumored to put out new music and tour in 2017..
haven't seen them live so sign me up for that one.
who's hoodies can i steal for the fall?
i'm being serious hmu and i'll give you my mailing address
still waiting to hit u up. i haven't come up with a good enough apology yet. i'm hoping you're on a good wave right now tho
it's fine. skrillz came and represented for the lot of you
it was a kidding, not kidding.....kidding. comment.
just based on what i see through the feeds man, it seemed you might of believed it lol
hi. do you see a lot of police activity there? can you call us 917-260-7700?
hi, two fdny units, and 2-3 nypd at jay/willoughby, near subway entrance. looks like they might already be dispersing though
rnc chair priebus threatens gop lawmakers for refusing to endorse
let them stop contributing
don't take the timeout? wtf
walsh better at long kicks lmfao
he's sleeping....
lmao yeah i know i figured
i would too but only chance for f2 is one takes him
thats a very important fact
we're very sorry to hear this, tom. were you able to travel on the flight? ^lynn
no i was bumped onto a later one
it's called auto correct my only fault was not to proof read!
no, you have plenty other faults like supporting shitbag trump
rock formation hidden cove san mateo county coast usa 1982jt
1 of my fav spots.
i think you might be.
i loved the first 2 episodes and then got annoyed once it got into the courtroom...
he is 5'8", but a lot of the got ladies are v. tall so he often looks much shorter than that.
oh ok ok ok ok cool thank you for clarifying
when you have a binary choice you have to decide one over the other...do you honestly believe no diff between gore and bush?
do you think there is any difference between trump and pence and would that difference make you vote for one?
realizing i baaaaaarely have any native nyc friends and im so over it.
you just got to hold onto the ones you do have, and convince the transplants to gtfo
just saw a kid wearing an edge era verse shirt drinking a beer lol
lol where are you
what you up to this week? grab some food one day?
sounds good! which day works for you?
the is getting slammed by critics. i bet oliver stone regrets not using this alternate ending:
i admire the work you put into this.
my phone is now in ontario
justine, you know you can reserve certain models online right?
why do so many of these types of republicans hate american democracy?
maybe their ancestors fought on side of george iii &amp; it's embedded in their genetic code. they're shameless
don't forget giants faced best ol in nfl week 1 and manhandled them in the run game.
uroline got manhandled by new orleans def front today. guy if u think u have a def front like the jeys good foru
q8: will you look for products in the future to give them a try this baking season?
thanks for your time and courage to join us.
first vinyl (yes) album i ever got was men without hats ... i'm old. but funny out of time was the first when i got first cd.
sometimes i think you are my tall, blond, yankee-fan long lost sister.
i've heard rumors of cheap xeon v3 (x99) engineering samples on ebay, but it's ~20% perf in 5 years. not exciting.
right and you're still looking at $300 motherboards, expensive ddr4, etc.
see you guys then
cheers ! bravo .
i can't tell if my throat hurts because i'm sick or if it's from getting elbowed in the throat
you got throat elbowitis
hey dipstick! pretty sure that the red ballcaps say make america great again? it's not so great with bo in the wh!
back atcha creep: what's not great ?
good night world! don't stay up longer than you need to - your future self from tomorrow will thank you. (*)
it's only 10pm here and i still have two books of the iliad to read... all about blood and guts and gods being salty. halp.
thread of my photos (so i can save back after tomorrow) :
i have so many pictures of them from slfl mountain view
givemesports have been 8/10 for me. son. if that happens?! lol vince will be a legend.
" i just brought my competition again" lmao
colin powell defends president obama, calls donald trump a "racist" and "national disgrace" via
, you see, this is what happens when one is dealing with an extremely intelligent person, as powell is.
real question. does anyone want a president who cries victim at every turn?
real question, if you had pneumonia and continued working until you almost fainted, then i said you were crying victim...
when you have a binary choice you have to decide one over the other...do you honestly believe no diff between gore and bush?
and when one has a chance to vote for another candidate, write in a candidate, or not vote, the choice is never binary.
i don't understand how ghost can keep his women informed about everything but keep his right hand man in the dark.
he is low key pw
seriously?lol..not..he made comments about the mother takes care of kids..ughh
plus, he's a major ! !
he is so stupid!!!!
that's a generous assumption. he's a full on sociopath. also, stupid. :)
inb4 he's traded to a contender in 2 years lol
try reading this:
that is lions for u finding new ways to lose. ravens woke up after trailing 20-0 to win
lions could have lost last week too. browns are just awful blowing a big lead like that but the ravens are 2-0 props to them
they always are. teams never give pros to celebs who roll through town. lol
shame cos he's a jersey guy. you'd have thought he would known better
samantha bee can still win this right????
samantha bee can still host this right??????
like i said your retorts are sad! you're a troll "union" boy!
enjoying your weekend? thank the unions.
true but it also made us watch a short art film about a neanderthal woman losing her baby as its warm up. that's confidence.
may all your tv shows aspire to have segments that are actually good versions of what terrence malick tries to make
yes, thanks! and i'll be in nyc in october! cah is trekking east for nycc.
awesome. say hi and we can go to all the places.
the fact that my team is having a fight over vegan food rn is why i love cross country
there's no fight to be had when there are facts backing the positive benefits veganism has for the planet, animals &amp;your body
.: as patients, we feel physician burnout. it plays into our health.
fantastic voice!
because i miss my best friend hope you're doing well in nyc! w/ choreo:
......you ; love you with all my heart chan
also what units are you picturing here? i'm not finding the metaphor particularly resonant yet.
it's how goldman sachs envision the "evolution of economic activity" over a long time frame. report:
no better feeling than being ahead on homework
must be nice
4 years unless trump had become a face of that hatred
he'd be campaigning on the same ideas as trump, maybe softened, but the same.
9/10 times i bake to make myself feel better, and then i bring them to school because i just like to bake, i don't like to eat the product
if you ever want to try some sort of vegan recipe i'll love you forever
are we indians prepared for a nuclear war for finishing pakistan as a country. many of us may die in the process
why are u afraid? there will be some deaths but shittistan will cease to exist. its the likes u ho exacerbated problem so much
she hates me
that must suck, she loves me
real question, if you had pneumonia and continued working until you almost fainted, then i said you were crying victim...
because someone else claimed your critical coworker was sexist for saying you couldn't handle it, how would you respond?
sorry bro
congrats tho big time
i have zero issue with our front four and it is a top-7 or top-5 unit.
its not the jets. and how are u top 5 after 2 wks? ur better than denver? seattle???? kc? carolina? cmon man
i had one myself after i finished work, we all deserve to have a nice long nap once in a while. :)
well i had been running since early morning, so it was much needed.
. heading over to . wish me luck, buddy!
yay! love this. so presidential!
still giants need all the lbs they can get and he's done well in spots
ok guy theyre the 85 bears
amen. ty jesus!
god bless u
why don't we just take the safety labels off of everything and let this stupidity problem solve itself?
a genius philosopher. why aren't you running for president?
lolololmao!!!!! from this clown.... can't make it up.
says the guy who spent 7.5 years fucking over every old ally while refreshing iran's treasury for a worthless agreement.
if you are over 13 and you are wearing receiver gloves to a game........i dunno
where do you stand with baseball glove to the game?
i led my three sons to christ. my proudest moments.
i'd consider teaching kids to worship a non-existent being child abuse.
ehhhh i ain't rushing back to minnesota tbh tho they were p fam i've seen it
not saying to rush there! just saying we might have to do it lol
uh rosie why is he talking to me?? lol jk hello danny! i'm rosie's other sister!
i thought we was cool i heard you a cowboys fan? we should be homies already haha
sand creek massacre descendants seek justice 148 years later
...why not those soul-less monsters bragged about taking the lives of women &amp; children while braves away on hunt
that is a tough one. crazy vs religious bigot
like racist buffoon vs. corrupt warmonger.
this "limited series" stuff is bullshit. if it's on every season, in what way is it limited?
yeah what does that even mean? every show is limited
that's all i ask
can we agree that post-badlands malick is a human version of the american beauty trash bag in all the worst ways?
interesting, imo overstates timing/effects on broad industry; urban vs suburban transitions will be very different.
totally agree. logically written, but highly doubt this happens by 2025.
they're together??????????
girl they've been married for almost 15 years lol.
my mutuals liking sushi are the reason for my deactivation
is the sanity of god gone??
find this baby now
you as a child
famous last words... if you're doing it in python let me know if you want a code review. we use client_credentials and password grants.
fwiw i implemented a majority of the draft spec at disqus ;)
jamaican accent my weaknesss
dine on meat patties and 69?
how do you like them apples, jimmy?
i said it first
mine too. it's where i grew up.
nice. i was thinking of hidden cove in davenport. same one?
you can find products on the online store or use the store locator to find it near you!
we need more people with celiac to make tasteful foods
randomly met my fave youtuber like an hour ago. thanks for being so sweet and always inspiring.
nothing like those random bathroom + food court encounters
your center ref in the 14u rec game this eve is out of line. yelling at 14 year old girls is not acceptable!
he was brash and rude yelling at a girl for not hearing the whistle. i don't talk to my kids that way - very unprofessional
still giants need all the lbs they can get and he's done well in spots
why dont u try letting your great front do something first b4 ur up there with bengals and jets &amp; the teams i &gt;
ur so cool omg
everyone cool it
aw, looks like it was a fun time! did you both enjoy some pancakes for breakfast?
yes! gluten free ones for us!
is full of people unable to understand cooking, they want fast served food and delicious fully cooked potatoes or good french food.
if you order good french food, don't expect it to come quick,it takes time to cook the ingredients,mix them:aggravated reading reviews
sorry i opened my fat mouth again. i'll go back to where i was as a kid, deathly ashamed of my heritage bc of mob movies.
i think the term you are looking for here is to ... fuhgettaboutit!
sorry but john oliver totally deserved that win. i love trevor but last week tonight is brilliant
i don't have hbo which is why i am completely oblivious to his brilliance.
famous last words... if you're doing it in python let me know if you want a code review. we use client_credentials and password grants.
probably will also limit scope of grants for now
this is actual footage of you lmao
thank u so much for being so supportive of my decline in stability
i am the willing bait of click bait that's what it's going to say on my gravestone that is what i am
i fall for the "bet you didn't know these celebrities are dead!" ones all the time :/
fail attempt of to decieve the world. old and useless tactics by immature endians grow up so called democratics before its to late
lets see what happens when 500 shittistani cowards get their 72 whores soon. waitch me
no you just called me trash you're trash goodbye
wow you've become that person
special canadian to canadian price. it's in flawless condition. smart case. pencil.
as tempting as that is, i think i'll continue to ssh from my computer... like an animal
there's a weird, way-too-long bit that's not funny &amp; which involves matt damon eating an apple &amp; insulting jimmy kimmel.
it was actually hilarious
not much to rewatch brother...we barely ran a positive offensive play
yes, correct. even zombies move forward.
favorite workout water running in 99 weather listening to and my new jbl charge 3 speaker
. for the record the growler is filled with ice water... for the moment anyway
dude on my bart reading a medium article on a macbook, checking out linkedin on an iphone, and drinking straight from a bottle of red wine
this man is a power commuter
another 24 hour straight day complete. i wonder if being up that long takes years off your life.... boy oh boy do i hope so
shut your whore mouth
can matt damon host instead of kimmel?
i would fully support this. but we have to leave ben out of it
i challenge shaun king, deray and colin kaepernick to spend a two week payroll week in a nyc patrol car with nypd...
would pee their pants. not man enough.
' vaunted defense can't yet be trusted to stop anyone ()
great read. did the d have even one 3 and out on the falcons?
literally how i walked into my house in italy every night
lmaooo i literally crawled to bed one night
your skin is glowing mashallah
thank you i've been working so hard on it!!!! but it has its good days and bad days
still giants need all the lbs they can get and he's done well in spots
just rattled off who have done it over a few years. ur 1season removed from an embarrassing defense top2 bottom
constraint satisfaction with minimum remaining values and least-constraining value heuristics.
that's going to be a valuable course to take :)
i'm so glad that i now work for beautiful chipotle and not filthy moe's
can i get a burrito bowl with brown rice chicken corn cheese and extra sour cream
zach pls don't talk to my friend like that she does not have amnesia
jess do u know this jamie girl? why is she butting into this convo; a convo between two best friends????
in reality one of the 2 major parties will win. with the way the polls are at this point there is no fucking way it won't be
and when both choices suck, and your vote for a third party can have positive secondary effects, that third party is optimal.
see! idk why you doubt me on these things lol
i was just nervous that he didn't have that swag walk that all the other bonds - except one - had. lol
'bad police work' in 's death, but don't expect a conviction, experts say
...what do you mean---we are so past "expecting" much from the powers that be...excuse our dust as we work it thru
id n chill..... anyone else like these kind of shows?
id channel alwayss has the bomb shows
i have such a hard time pointing a specific guy out in a bar cause i feel like they wear the same thing and style their hair the same way
v neck, khakis, boat shoes, gelled hair...yet they're always saying "girls are so basic with their pumpkin spice lattes"
what about nummy noises? may i take nummy noises?
if it's a loud hip restaurant, it's ok. if it's a quiet high end place, only make nummy notices in a british accent.
get your stripes on!! it's almost time to !!
hey t &amp; lucy!! we might actually be on time tonight!
that chip so trash smh. rt : nigga...and can i do credit or do i need input a pin...
it's more secure though. only problem is it's slow
and you can simply go fuck yourself. your very well-dressed self.
shawl collar tux? red striped shirt? uh, nah. something, but well dressed? nah.
just choose one - add to cart and checkout!
with my schedule of work and study. convenience is way better.
gwu charges students 64k a yr opens food pantry to feed students they indebted &amp; "combat rich kids rep" w good pr
bet the rich kids get credit for volunteering in the pantry.
i had a white male gay guy tell me tonight that obama coalition is not getting behind hc. he said polls prove it.
oh god, we are educating our young people wrong. causation and correlation are different! do our friends know "push polls?"
i'm glad to know this!! i am usually the random blonde girl that loves weird shit lol
yeah that's me minus the girl part.
the vikings' matte helmets are dope, too
i like those too! a lot
is kit harrington a tiny man? i have a sneaking suspicion he is and i'm still ok with it
yes, he is doll-sized. maybe 5'y
patton oswalt and john oliver winning emmys feels like a good moment for comedy.
imagine how much nicer culture would be if that's what all straight white men were like.
what's with the diversity jokes tonight? have the emmy writers been mining the hashtag on twitter?
, it only took the biggest double murder to get these jokes off.
v neck, khakis, boat shoes, gelled hair...yet they're always saying "girls are so basic with their pumpkin spice lattes"
like no jerry, i like pumpkin spice lattes cuz it's fall and they're fuckin good and you know it bitch
i don't know if you've talked to anyone remotely on the left in the city, but uh yeah that's the consensus
the self-identified progs are on the wrong side of this one. correct side on tents, correct side on police issues...
still giants need all the lbs they can get and he's done well in spots
so lets see them something first &amp; the great vernon replaced ayers who had 9.5sacks last yr
is kit harrington a tiny man? i have a sneaking suspicion he is and i'm still ok with it
5'6, that is!
ya know what's so funny about this? literally no one believes it! yea, literally!
good. it'll make his epic fail that much more satisfying.
yep, i mean i don't think of it as a joke even if they do smh
and it's kind of rude too
really??????? damn. that's divine.
other than being see at award shows and other notable events together, they've kept their relationship really low key.
that's gotta be fake sam bradford playing! the real one was never this good
to be fair he was never on the field long enough to know... lol
are you in my house right now?
if so, i've drank 2 tangerines and a lime. but someone else probably left the cans on the counter.
false - she was bout that life and willing to hold tommy down.
you liked holly?
the cruelest - and truest - meme of this election.
when you said meme without harambe, that was sad for me also
when u realize tomorrow's monday
watching the weekend slip away
how to get emily ratajkowski's coveted blue smoky eye
how ridiculous it looked
when sichuan university offered residents free medical consultations...
- china needs to offer free medical care to its citizens!
i think oliver is back next week. i'd imagine same with maher.
awesome. i hate these shows going on break (or getting cancelled, nightly show) during this time.
yessss! fab i miss you. why you gotta work weird hours?
this week can get up quick im off
thread of my photos (so i can save back after tomorrow) :
his hair
indians to divert attention from killing in occupied kashmir another baseless accusation by immature so called democratics
w are going to kill every pig and take over shits like you as sex slaves. tell us what you will do?
jesus can't help me now
bout to send you to the mountains w the monks
it's how goldman sachs envision the "evolution of economic activity" over a long time frame. report:
i actually found the illustration quite interesting. it felt like a formidable way to suggest a positive version of the future.
plus lbs don't have to be great if front four is.
your front 4 is not the 85 bears or the old jets sack exchange. yes ur lbs need to be at the least solid.
so just think if dems took the senate to put a check on the war monger?
they didn't in the past 8 years. and the dnc is so corrupt, it would be naive to think they are going to let progressives it
army corps of engineers confirms native protesters are right - there is no written easement for dakota access...
...b-u-s-t-e-d
i haven't experienced this in the city, but i've been gone for a week, so things may be different now.
all hell has broken loose while you've been gone
okay clearly i have no idea what once upon a time is about.
and i never ever ever will know.
fuck off you sick bitch
such a foul mouthed woman! i understand your child's eating disorder now.
wow, the just had a moment
a moment where i didn't watch! er, rather a lot of those strictly speaking. ;)
if you have any questions for me or about products, feel free to tweet me at any time!
i sent you a question, read through and let me know.
i think he's a mental mess. very similar to ike - constant stance changes, approach at the plate, place in the box.
could be an explanation. i'm wondering if his shoulder's still fucked up and he's trying to play through it.
glad you find it funny that 29 got hurt including a child. u must also not live in ny.
you can tell i do because i am not wetting my pants like the rest of the county of pansies.
how much are those fenty slides for women to actively be looking for sponsors anyway?
you trickin?
lmaoo i'd like to think i'm a better dancer than that..
i wouldn't know you didn't show me
agree. but to be on the safe side, i think the appropriate posture is somewhere in between complacency and panic.
of course gotv is important but that's not my point. i'm talking about not believing whitewashed media/polls.
squeal! what a cutie. i think he and nico would be friends if he likes dogs. :)
thank you, yes, he loves dogs!
reuters: clinton, trump to both meet with egyptian president at u.n.
has trump starting working on insulting names for egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi? fatty el sissy? lyin' abdel?
although that one might be photoshopped but all the actual ones from that event are amazing
i really hope it isn't
missed a great chat joining you on the next. doing great work guys!
see next week but also feel free to look for the replay and the storify ;)
so happy for my buddy ! congrats on your talk show win!
i'm embarrassed to admit that i forgot jon was on community! i guess it's because i saw him more often on daily show
i think he's a mental mess. very similar to ike - constant stance changes, approach at the plate, place in the box.
in the name of trying to prove he's not brittle.
what are those positive secondary effects?
sending a clear message they can't rig the primary for warmongers and get progressive votes. giving national exposure to ..
good to see found time between bilking taxpayers out of millions to promote killing people without a trial
there is nothing about that so-called human and his ketchup sock that i find surprising at this point.
congrats to ! you are the final winner for the gift basket! congratulations! :d
awesome you need to tell me how it tastes
people make time for who they want. i can't stress this enough
been sayin this
warriors are too op in 2k smh
i'm cop 2k soon and whoop that ass
we need to settle this now santa nia &gt;&gt;&gt; sport nia rt
my fav is the one w the green jacket and white beanie
on a scale from one to lord voldemort, how awkward is this hug?
well they do call each other harry...
yes you may be on to something danue
it aint that deep
exactly what's making trump unpopular.
trump is being propped up by his hate. if he was a vanilla candidate, no one would care what he had to say.
all over that. and i'll be cheering for na. just because
what? you boys don't think team usa...i can't finish this joke.
no the only problem is that all of america can't tell you wether to swip or chip it smh
gotta blame the retailer
hated her - buttttttt i can acknowledge the false comparisons in that tweet.
you're right, holly was loyal, but also selfish and jealous of ghost
watch me mother fucker bork
i wrote a sooooong about getting beeeettttterrrr its a feeeling i dont remember *dun dun dun dun dundundun* bork bork
i've never given an uber driver less than 4 stars but this guy is begging for a 1 star rating.
once i found out i get bad reviews everybody been getting 1's and 2's
girl you weren't supposed to put me on blast like that!
lolol when i'm giving a toast at yalls wedding....
so what do you want to talk about
idk man xd,i'm just lonely a bit
i am every night , at least you live in the us i am in venezuela .
if it's any consolation, i'll give them all an extra hug from you ';),
hey , how about you finally get around to adding the ability to click links in captions. it is 2016 after all.
you can click links in ig stories though. that's a start!
halftime in minneapolis: 10, 7. pass interference penalties on terence newman keeping green bay afloat right now.
lack of separation from receivers gotta be a major concern. looks like last year
what are those positive secondary effects?
..the greens to start building an actual progressive party, and to keep progressive ideals hillary abandoned alive.
it's not just the ideas, it's the delivery. take out that harsh delivery and trump would be less unpopular
trump is popular with his voters bc of his hate. take that away and no one is caring what he has to say.
my first image from aurora pro 2017 by . turned out pretty well!
i've heard good things. wait till you get to times square. hdr of that are insane.
trump has turned "formerly respected" into a pathological liar, tells
~ yep he has &amp; how she faces the mirror &amp; her young children is mind boggling!
how long are you in nyc -- i get there tues
. we're here til sunday. am having drinks with you and del crew tuesday night?
whoa!! look who just went down the red carpet at the ! so happy to see this.
isn't that cute?
can't not wish my bff a happy birthday on social media?? you pretty cool hbd
i fucking hate you, thanks so much
the boys are back
the boys are back the boys are back
i don't blame companies for leaving. i blame us for not having the best place to do business. fix the problem.
it makes me sad. my dads a business owner in ca, he gets so screwed. i hate what californias become.
we know who mark penn is. we also know who sidney blumenthal is. start by admitting this is what he does.
like this little gem
what are those positive secondary effects?
look at what happened to dapl. stein went and gave them moral support and publicity. hillary said and did nothing.
pfw analysis: garoppolo, brissett &amp; the qb situation:
but would cassel or hoyer be willing to come for a two game stretch and become a backup again behind brady again
the crisis is the humanitarian test of our generation. i commend for hitting this milestone
good then let's resettle them in your neighborhood. oh wait you don't want them there, hypocrite!!!
i'm also offended that you don't recognize me for my more popular and attractive work on got
u can only go down from here tbh
always remember what gen zia said to gandhi, nuking one pakistan will never finish muslims, but nuking india will end hinduism
keep dreaming. admit u r all mental cases. but one nuke this side shittistan wont exist.
that scene was amazing !!!!
lol mad dramatic but deep
i'm keep buying all of gunnas orgs till he has none no backcharge
k my bad you just call me the n word
steelers continue there owning of bengals. if u a bengals fan 1-1 on road trip wouldn't complain could be 0-2
steelers have beaten up on the browns and bengals for a longtime. the ravens are the only team that have matched up well with them
jon stewart is needed for the next 6 weeks in wilmore's old time slot. needed!
right! what's awful is these comedy shows are legitimately more informative than the actual news and it isn't even close.
feel free to unfollow if you don't like it. i will tweet what i believe
shit stinks. why would you want to post "shit" ?
i will not buy into the cognitive dissonance necessary to believe what you just said.
it's a simple legal definition for very good reason. sam just happens to be wrong.
has he actually reached out to you guys yet?
not exactly but we are assuming it's a tacit acceptance. who wouldn't want the role?
the self-identified progs are on the wrong side of this one. correct side on tents, correct side on police issues...
... but wrong about housing.
steelers continue there owning of bengals. if u a bengals fan 1-1 on road trip wouldn't complain could be 0-2
for the last 10 years.
it's going in the official report. and it's huge.
you're being overly penal, don't you think?
i actually found the illustration quite interesting. it felt like a formidable way to suggest a positive version of the future.
i don't see it as a data viz (+accompanying dataset) but as a backdrop for an argument of theirs. which i agree with :-)
see that's that nice shit you be having issues w
you right. damn man i hate being a cancer
i also enjoy peeps. peeps are good, too.
how do you feel about cadbury creme eggs?
do homework or watch beyonc videos?
10/10 beyonce videos
i swore in high school i'd never purchase an apple product in my entire life. 128gb iphone7 plus has been ordered!!!!!
you're going to hate how big that phone is
tommy kills him
lmfaoooo if i hadn't already watched it earlier i would have been dumb tight that you spoiled it
i'm a disabled veteran what would i thank any fucking union for?
so you don't have kids or a wife who get weekends/holidays?
anyone in sf want an imac?
run octane on it!
why didn't the vikings use a timeout with :31 left instead of costing themselves five yards?
why didn't mccarthy call a timeout when min didn't convert on 3rd down? gb would have gotten ball back with ~50 seconds left.
come visit us in sd soon habib 2albi
inshallah bro!
why is the best new tune not on the big boat??
ha who decided its the "best" lol. i feel like its still a work in progress anyhow:)
watched someone beat super mario 3 in 12 minutes on youtube. 12 entire minutes.
wait...you can play games on youtube?
y wud u do that to urself to begin w
honestly idk ask 7th grade me i couldnt tell ya what was goin thru my head at the time
thread of my photos (so i can save back after tomorrow) :
louis is always perfect
yes indeed. hoped to at least see part of booth's posterior or another shot of lower abs...
totally agree.
: wins best writing for a variety special
do you think will want to tune into this one????
that makes me sad.
they could find a solution that works for everyone. i get that play 60 is important, but they should know better than to hang
i'm going apple picking this weekend and i'm so excited
bring me a granny smith apple please.
that never happened and blinx and temp can prove that
and your a dick every time to me
when i mention "parties," i mean politicians who would benefit. the everyday peeps wouldn't. typical dc politics.
our jobs would never come back with tpp
i'm trying to think of a reason why that would be... but i can't qwhite put my finger on it
really its because that season opener is long af
charmian carr, best known for her role as liesl in the "the sound of music," has died.
who is left?
the voice overs.if these 2 aren't fate/meant to be, i don't know who are.
oh my goodness i cried like a baby this was beautiful i love their voices in it.great job
but that would mean something would have to happen to pam dawber. or legalized polygamy.
oh alright i pick option 2 lol
great...you sent the message...which had no immediate effect. meanwhile a crazy, narcissistic, bigoted madmen is president
no. it will have much more effect than us voting and telling the dems to keep behaving like corrupt, conservative aholes.
not a surprise, but the new album rocks.
you can also file "low teens" by under albums that rock.
teen mom? forever and always
u should be in ny so we can with iverson tonite
i love you gladys thank you so much!!
love you more boo
how cool is that? it was my sons first tattoo
hi curt, i admire your son even more now. god bless.
exactly. if the gop were running a vanilla candidate the media would be focusing even more on clinton's emails, benghazi,
not sure what news you watch, but all i see is them focused on hillary's "scandals." not a peep about trump's.
i wanted to go just to see the 1975
dude that whole lineup has me on another level
you can't say you hate something, or say that you could never succeed in something that you've never tried
if people would do their research on the benefits of veganism or even vegetarianism they wouldn't be so quick to defend their habits
turned back right in time to see if beyonc won
&amp;&amp; she didn't and she clearly wasn't there
i strongly encourage everyone to please, please consider adopting a senior dog. they are dogs who get overlooked and are often abandoned
but they have so much love to give. nelly had so much love to give in her last years. so many other dogs like her out there
that never happened and blinx and temp can prove that
for no fucking reason
nigga...thats my point.....
internet can't be crappy too
grease live was awful tho!
i thought i was going to hate it, but it was better than i expected.
the post of honor is a private station and clearly beyond your grasp. praying 4 u
your energy would be better spent researching trump's racist support
great...you sent the message...which had no immediate effect. meanwhile a crazy, narcissistic, bigoted madmen is president
and get this straight. i find corrupt warmonger hillary as president as scary, if not scarier, than awful president trump.
i almost used that scene
that gif of carol falling on the bed is making me misty eyed
that never happened and blinx and temp can prove that
your such a dick to me for no reason
dont forget me on the other side of the world
lmao let's do something tonight
if people would do their research on the benefits of veganism or even vegetarianism they wouldn't be so quick to defend their habits
habits are not needs.
what are your favorite iconic ? i'm starting a. creative project and would love input.
fav movies that watched as a kid were saturday night fever, the wiz, and crooklyn. a lot of dancing &amp; singing in the streets.
india has more than billion people. pakistan has 20m. still they got defeated on twitter. now they cry rigging
delusional isnt it? thats u. when it came to war wht happened?
it was rico
ahahahah darn i wasn't even close
welcome to this week's ! kick off the hour with intros! name/location/favorite season to run.
mike from the bay area, fall/winter!
i'm glad you were able to fit a nap in!
well, a late one. but yes! :d
of course we control our policy. countries affected by policy proposals probably want to discuss implications.
immigration is not a right, their citizens can choose somewhere else to travel to,trade proposals i would agree
is this a real question jam?
the realest jeffery
if only the media could see it. they're too far gone at this point i'm afraid.
stop tweeting and come over!!!
stewart, colbert, oliver and bee are/were the best places to get factual information for the last 16 years.
i just watched my first episode of bee. she's great.
i wish i were watching it with you.
it's on netflix!
conquer with this simple chart by via
thanks for the share! have you read my book "hooked"? happy to mail you copy. email me where to send: nir at nireyal dot com
great. i agree with dan savage. greens need to start local to state to congressional to senate then president
first dan is an asshole who pushed for the iraq war. secondly, we need a presidentiall candidate to get our other..
when you feel sad, there is always someone who will help. unconditional friendship. thx
their not always available. i found it real difficult to talk to my wife about it. resulting in 4 trys
political parties in dc are shown as 2 teams against each other. they reap the spoils of their legislation.
so what is your plan?
i've seen next friday 100 times, now watching friday for the first time
this is incredibly problematic.
does anyone doubt that the economy will tank and the stock market will crash if trump is elected president?
bye bye 401k have a nice trip deferred compensation donald trump president you lose all your money bankruptcy
amy schumer needs to talk about hers at the and it's supposed to fascinate the world
remember costello from abbott and costello? he's not dead he just changed his name to amy schumer &amp; had a sex change
great. i agree with dan savage. greens need to start local to state to congressional to senate then president
...candidates accepted in state elections. i'm surprised you don't know that.
gonna guess most of these jokes were stolen from tbfp's criminally underrated box art critique series.
wait! that thread is from two years ago! tbfp stole these jokes!
let me now air my unpopular opinion that grease (live or otherwise) isn't good and has no musical thread.
it's so gross and sexist
lovely girls
aw favs !
i was joking.
i realized that, i was joking too.
donald trump cuts hillary clinton's lead in liberal minnesota in half - breitbart
yeah, but the somali jihadi vote is all hers...
scandal, how to get away with murder
i tried scandal and i didn't like it and i'm almost done with how to get away with murder!
love of pakistanis to my beautiful pakistan
we are not interested in such cildish games. see what happened when you faced men. shat and ran - hence shittistan
courtney b. vance with a great, exuberant acceptance speech. ends with shout out to wife angela bassett and "obama out!"
followed by "hillary in!"
amen brother, god is so awesome in my life...glory to glory to glory to glory to glory to glory to god..can u help me sang?
lord we sing your praise and glory we exult you and your creation.your word is true. you are god all by yourself hallelujah
yea, i grew up in san mateo county - family ranch in hmb
i kinda wish i grew up here. love the area.
playing with silhouettes two versions :3 this better way to deliver these shots btw?
just teasing us with more
obama just spent $29 million to steal the election from trump - please read!!!!
article has been removed! where did potus get 29 million $ 2 support hrc. muslim countries?
ghost ain't shit
ghost always has a plan...it will work out
how can you possibly think that the parents are guilty then?
they're laying it out right now so clearly
im coming to hang out also
lesgedddittt!!!!
just my strong strong opinion, it has sooo much potential. it a gr8 tune
im just teasing;) i just not a fan of the word best when it comes to music. its one of my faves.
what time and what twitch channel
we will announce it this week. stay tuned but it's 4-7pm pst this friday.
fine. if you truly believe that then there is no reason for us to argue on that point
then we're done. you should worry about your own vote and stop trolling other peoples candidate. you're not winning us over
wish i could say the same but i live in florida
come to the city
i have a broken iphone 6s screen, and while looking online on how to get it fixed, i read this. what?!?
best bet is apple store $30 or something like that.
gotta hand it to 49ers even in l play late mnf game travel east compete w/ panthers before they pull away
49ers were very competitive today and how about the patriots. they are like the spurs but they have a question mark for thursday's
was just in ny in may, and twice last year. thx and have no clue about old dvd's-property of universal.
dang!!! 1st &amp; only time i saw u live was back when u invited the grease cast to ur performance.
but what if you loved lemonade and grease live???
i just think the emmys should recognize that we can love both beyonce getting revenge and vanessa hudgens performing through tears.
well, on the other hand, he's on the correct side of the anthem issue.
guess i'm confused by the "protests are going to continue" comment and the jerry jones old guy stuff
absolutely in love with my iphone7 and new wireless beats headphones
how much did apple pay you to tweet this.
true, but eventually, the years catch up with all of us...
tell me about it.
grease live was awful tho!
sorry. i didn't mean that. i'm not the arbiter of what's "good."
habits are not needs.
if people just took a minute out of their day to research the abuse and torture that go on in the meat/dairy/fish/egg industries...
who said senior year was easy??!!!
wait till u get to college you will be praying for senior year
san francisco doesn't have many warm nights. , you must be good luck!
can't wait!
sorry i was drunk
me too it's cool
rip to my baby flubs. i cant imagine a world without coming home to you. thank you for the endless happy days
wow the memory's .. rip im sorry har
love john oliver. but jon stewart needs to come back for the elections. no one can put it in context like he can.
co-sign. also love john oliver; also thinking how much i miss jon stewart during this awful election.
of late it's more about hillary, but before a couple weeks ago the coverage i saw was pretty even.
i've never seen the media dwell on trump not releasing taxes, his calls to assassinate hillary, etc.
trying my best to act cool
you're doing great. keep it up. just don't be weird.
everyone. everyday. everywhere. aka toothbrush test. how 2 companies hooked users on products rarely used
thanks for the share! have you read my book "hooked" happy to mail you copy. email me where to send: nir at nireyal dot com
lmao he actually did it all halfway thru i woulda told her to get it her damn self since she single now
right? idk how he even put up with her ungrateful ass
tasha is so realistic
yes love tasha !!!
on war on : "we've made it clear that we stand with our friends saudi-arabia"
yeah with em on but what about the saudi's policies?
fine. if you truly believe that then there is no reason for us to argue on that point
would trumpys trolling hillarys site win you over?
now??? now??? :)
. yes ! w/ happening now!
jill soloway yelled "topple the patriarchy!" during her speech
loved your speech!!! topple the patriarchy
"real estate romp"
holy height, how tall is elena??
this particular guy is not young. 50ish i think. he thinks we picked the wrong candidate. bs trounced trump in polls.
leftist leaning guy? then, misogyny. and also just uninformed about the way govt works, like all bernie stans.
*butts in* naw. still don't see it.
. who do you want to see?
thanks for rubbing it in my face... i know it was nice cause i was sweating while i was sleeping haha
haha i'm sorry. at least you know you got that tho
key &amp; peele. yay. key is doing a happy dance onto the stage.
best comedy, really?
haven't took an l from you since 2k14
i'm allergic to bs
yay! what day? just let me know
prolly tomorrow or tues
unions, like liberalism is fading away in favor of reason and work
that's really insane. look at trump &amp; his mexican factories.
so appease them? instead of name and shame and fight explicitly for affordable housing? nonsense
the folks who deserve the most shame are the south bay nimby communities.
in a ehhhhhh mood rn
we are the same person i swear
in lieu of giving us money to help w nelly's services, we ask that you please consider donating to
. is an amazing sanctuary that helps dogs like nelly. you can make a donation in her name here
functionally the same. imagine: multi-story appartment bld, first floor medical office, underground parking. we have the technology.
1st floor retail, 2nd floor medical. offices make bad streetscapes!
i've never seen the media dwell on trump not releasing taxes, his calls to assassinate hillary, etc.
trump has gotten a huge pass and isn't pressed on anything. saying it is even or ever was is laughable at best.
same perspective. my attention wandered from tvos as clients moved on (discoverability). hope to come back.
i tried pitching it in a few areas and failed to find anyone willing to spend to build for it.
ahh!! my first red carpet in la. the fire &amp; ice ball
-you are such a quality person debra! i always enjoy your performances, and your comments!
they're good and i like them
happy to hear it. so do i.
like or rt if you want this layout
this is so cute
grateful for our brave men and women serving in the and their families. happy birthday, usaf!
my dad was a usaf pilot and thinks you're a disaster.
greens need to build a base and infiltrate all levels then seek the highest office
i just told you why we need a presidential candidate. since you're not reading my tweets, take a block.
oops the workout tape..the company was absorbed into another company a long time ago aka bought out / no longer in biz
it's all good about the workout lol. i loved that it had ur music on it too lol. i'll catch u next time in nyc.
the one on haight????
yes!!! lol the line is outta pocket long like cmon it loops the whole store....
not key and peele over portlandia tho.
can't stand them.
not trying to put words in his mouth. legit asking what his argument is. he suggested
it's "ok" to bash white men. i said that's a consequence of free speech.
this is me rn, i got my 13th in august and now i'm at 27 like what the fuck stop me
ahhhh!! i think i want about four more but they're pretty big tbh
with all the leaks and hacking this election, how is it not 1 piece of any year of trump's taxes have been leaked?
the media is not pressing the issue on donald trump taxes the media crooked
enough is enough
holy shit what
the key &amp; peele show is the funniest show on earth
did you see their movie keanu? was that suppose to be funny?
and yes i would kiss him so hard!
who wouldn't? lol i fell in love with him on homefront. remember that?
hey rob! could you give us a bit more info on what you want to do? we'll see what we can suggest /bh
1/ ideally i would love something that spits out stats similar to how your yearly review works. i just want to always see it.
can you tell me where to get "a" round funding for my well-established &amp; growing media company? thank you!
hey robin. good question definitely a complex one. best rec w/o knowing anything is where does ur competition go?
snowden was boring.
a major issue for me not seeing that movie was the kermit the frog voice gordon-levitt did for his snowden impersonation
unions, like liberalism is fading away in favor of reason and work
also ask yourself how many foreigners trump hires 4 his resorts
touring time: where should i go on tour for my jan release?
why not grace your presence at home mr. webernyc.
me wondering if spending 80$ was worth it or not
me at american eagle
thanks in large part to mike daniels, the packers bottled up vikings rb adrian peterson, holding him to just 12...
what's going on with the offense? run lacy!
him: i can't cum from head me:
me every day
alright yall, what should i read next? suggestions? what are you currently reading?
idk this seems pretty useful
shes was unaware but, i'm pretty sure you're old enough to know better right?
we all need to teach our children that ugly bigotry like that just won't be tolerated.
11) something to believe in - spectacular!; nobody ever mentions this great film (prob bc it was on nickelodeon)
okay i loved this movie
q1: what's your favorite headwear style to wear while training or racing? hat? visor? nothing?
usually nothing! hat in extreme heat and beanie when it's really cold!
auuuuu only because you deserve that joy &amp; all dem headaches
i mean u can chill out with the headaches... lol i appreciate you more than you know ugly
1/ ideally i would love something that spits out stats similar to how your yearly review works. i just want to always see it.
2/ i would also like to manipulate it so that i can see different timeline views in how my listening habits change.
voice inside my head: laverne cox can get it. me: don't tweet that. voice inside my head: she can tho. me: yeah i know, but don't tweet it.
apple level courage
it's "ok" to bash white men. i said that's a consequence of free speech.
and free speech is what you all claim to valorize. so what's the issue?
today's word of the day is sideboob.
...leave her be why dont you.
if people just took a minute out of their day to research the abuse and torture that go on in the meat/dairy/fish/egg industries...
too many people have no idea what they're putting into their bodies and the effect it has on their health &amp; the planet
trump in colorado, telling crowd that a bomb just went off in ny. then says he's up 4 points in new poll.
and you what is your point ..
is this gunna be you tm
no i j thought the gif was funny
. is an amazing sanctuary that helps dogs like nelly. you can make a donation in her name here
or you can make a donation in another dog's name or for another person! but please consider donating. every bit helps
worth an early morning at the for a shot like this! fb/scottish wonders
that is spectacular! how tall is it?
i wanna kill myself my brain is fried at this point
you want fries too me too smh
i'm so glad that i now work for beautiful chipotle and not filthy moe's
i've been to your place of employment. was a very nice chipotle.
selfies from last night
short hair on you looks so
this season been pointless as shit
i'm only watching it to finish it tbh
brian hockey though
it's intermission kelly.
hehe right on i hear what ur saying. i jus dont get it, it such a gr8 song. jus feeln salty bout it
might not be completed yet....
not tonight, but don't miss the premiere next sunday!
can't wait! loved the first episode.
i'm not passing on these studs in the '17 group, but this team needs a lb(s) more than anything.
nah, no rb's in round 1 if ruben foster is still available
chaffetz obliterates stunned fbi official; serves him with a subpoena during testimony
is there anyone not in love w/ the delightful ?
in 2011, the packers sold $67m in stock to fans who bought shares at $250 each. shares can't be sold but technically are worth 2.5 cents.
they're not "technically worth" 2.5 cents, thats the par value. technically, they're worth the pro-rata enterprise value.
i wasn't sure about the idea of having a "team north america" at the - until i saw them play. wow. these kids play beautiful hockey
it's amazing to watch them play.
i told him he could vote for stein. the obama coalition will make sure we get to the polls in droves. he can vote his principle
okay. i get saying vote principles. but stein? that just shows he's uninformed bc she is bananas and close to a rwnj.
nah that would be incredible! the video i was watching was pre recorded
oh ok. i was about to say.
i couldn't get into it. although vanessa hudgens rocked it. that's all tho lol.
there were things in it that weren't in either versions of the musical i've seen (stage and screen.)
the folks who deserve the most shame are the south bay nimby communities.
developers are just capitalists. change incentives, regulate well, results will benefit all.
tommy killed her ??
chill i hope not ..
yo. should i update my phone to ios10 or nah?
i was asking myself the same question
business minds generate endorphin highs. you rock, my friend!
i can picture you at the head of lots of board meetings in the very near future. see you in jersey, my friend.
you know ain't no black people workin on that damn show
not a one!!
......unlimited access to capital for this dumbass.
i would love to own a car. so would most of my friends! too bad we can't afford one because of rent.
unions are con jobs and rip offs. jv mafia for weak mind &amp; backs.
love to see you tell that to a teamster to his face, punk.
what?? the "hottest" team in the league puts up a 172?
looks like there's a champagne celebration in rockville centre 2nite!
watching gary johnson on 60 minutes. my dachshund looked at me. and i realized he has a better chance of being president than johnson.
my dachshunds, chloe and dutchess agree!
clearly she loves jesus and is t exploiting an entire religion to push her racist thoughts
jesus was a police officer
haven't been tweeting the emmys because i've been...enjoying them!? this never happens! kimmel a+, fine winners, sharp, good-natured tone.
also, the diversity of the winners is spectacular and is giving the neo-nazis who now tweet at me almost hourly a big case of the alt-sads!
finally releases statement on terrorist attacks - 31 hours after first...
looks like she needs another shots of what she got in chelsea's apartment. zesty not!
i was just tryna give you a history lesson that's all
i don't need a history lesson from you, you can't take it somewhere else, chow lol
eeerrr..just got snap of a friend having proper sex. what ever happened to privacy..?
that must have been awkward!
my pov: outlets are staffing tebow's workout because he's a name. will he drive traffic and sell papers? probably...
... but what exactly will reporters and readers learn from his workout? that he hasn't played baseball in 10 years?
hey! take it easy on moms!
no now when she loves trump.
i picture a panel whose only concern is are they responding to the question? if not shut off their mike warn them
why not have the voters judge/decide, at least the 10% who either to watch debates.
impressed my man.keep it up
thank you bro
you are the strongest person i know
thank you that means a lot
is kit harrington a tiny man? i have a sneaking suspicion he is and i'm still ok with it
yo paul sparks can get it but only when he has a beard
i actually guest starred with kyle chandler in an episode of early edition. back then they called it "extra". today i'd be eligible for emmy
3 guys i first saw that i said "had it".. him, matt perry on that crazy fox show second chance and ryan reynolds 2 guys girl piz
gunna i wasnt trying to be a dick
your basically saying hey gunna is talking to a org lets ruin it by buying it
i had a lot of help from other fans sending me time stamps. once i finish i will do spy girls and natalie clips too
9/2 jatalie talk is really good house moving in together lol great chats
so why are we not dragging tbht again?
we're dragging the emmys instead
really considering streaming some games on when i get home. maybe i'll feel better about taking the time to game that way.
go for it!! it's a really fun and fulfilling time !
he asks girls for nudes all the time.. he's shady af.
he asked me for a hand bra pic because he "wanted to see the skin tone of my boobs" like wtf?
in one bite and who wants to try to eat that thing in more than one bite what with all the creme (2/2)
i like that it takes more than one bite. i realize that isn't terribly interesting but at least i'm not talking about the emmys.
still weird around the neighborhood @ chelsea, manhattan
hey! you probably live near the gym i work at! nyhrc :)
now ! dis. tew. much.
they are not having it. i see the tweets already. lol
not talking about immigration. talking about normal travel. muslim ban calls for travel ban from terror countries.
that's even less of a concern for foreign countries, their citizens can choose another country to vacation in.
your one of those dog holes. i see. what was i thinking. my bad.
oh. you're still playing teenage computer games, i see.
lets look at teacher unions and common core shall we? epic failure!
us is failing b/c we don't embrace commoncore. 30th in math.
the actual worst thing beat the actual best thing
it boggles the noggin
i have an obsession with sunsets
an obsession of taking pictures of the sunset over your lake
sending love; i am so sorry for your loss. i wish nelly a safe trip over the rainbow bridge
thank you very much for you sweet words.
awesome stream by ! hop in and enjoy some rad music!
thanks for the sniffs.
okay i will then
oh jesus...stop. it was a question.
wrong answer go pack!
10-7 at half in case you are not watching
right! girls out here asking their bf for hella stuff.. i'd feel hella guilty if that was me
exactly! like food is fine for me, i don't need you to buy me clothes &amp; whatever else. save it for something you want!
... but what exactly will reporters and readers learn from his workout? that he hasn't played baseball in 10 years?
we already know that. only thing we could learn is if the patriots reach out to him to play this week or next.
speak now is unbothered sister
peak low is cute, but doesn't have a song as good as holy ground.
...with corn on it.
hot, buttery tone with a little salt served fresh from the field wait a minute
i'm not the villain here
nah but you being wild serious any sensitive with you comebacks now a days, it's wack
totally agree. logically written, but highly doubt this happens by 2025.
even if supply and product are there, it's a lot of human behavior to predict. e.g. 40%+ of households still have a landline
which is what?
not publicly available information and subject to valuation - as in all private companies who issue equity.
more black people!
we have binders full of them! or baskets
grease live wins for directing for a variety special.
nobody gives a shit, it should have been beyonc
even among the good rpgs i played, this one's the best.
it's definitely the best story driven semi-linear fantasy rpg i've ever played
the shoes or the board?
shoes lol does the board look new
brady and ortiz walk into a restaurant at the same exact time, solo, one seat available...who gets sat first?
what did brady do in the 2004 alcs?
a month back i randomly met someone on a flight (delhi to bangalore) who knew rv - including the easter egg, whoisrv!
ha, good one! totally meeting end users in serendipitous ways &amp; learn about how ent sw touches their lives
as y'all know i am the master at creating food combinations so i figured i would enlighten you with my latest: taquitos in maple syrup
yo stop ruining foods that are good
i know...random cheap shot. besides for next 3 days, im a big dodgers fan
traitor :)- lol!
dude fuuuuuuuck that store. that bathroom line is always hella long
hell yeah fuck that place, i appreciate san jose whole foods' now lol
forced out by oppressive liberal regulations. what's your point?
yeah, those child labor/worker safety laws really r oppressive
that's even less of a concern for foreign countries, their citizens can choose another country to vacation in.
unless you think the ban would be for diplomats, politicians or businessmen, in that case it doesn't apply.
these pictures give me such a big smile. love how he is laying in the same pose as the pig statue
me too! i think he was people in past lives.
catching up on everything i'm behind on after having a mental health breakdown makes me feel like i'm going to have another one
i believe in you. you got this
can't get enough of ? tune into cbsn now for the new post-game show, "after 60":
they showed stuff on submarines i was sworn to "top secrecy" about back in the '70s. explained '79 high stress
they don't dwell because there's something new every day. if i didn't think he was actually inept i'd say it's a good strategy.
they are held to 2 very different standards. his negatives outweigh hers hugely, but they aren't focused on.
damn i hella want to kick it with you more..
just @ her already
they're essentially the same as the episodes, with some animation updates, but no new content until the 3rd movie.
yeah all i watched was the third.... hmmm if the boredom gets too great i'll watch them.
dolphins are competitive. but qb is a concern for pats in a short week if full week i shrug and say no big deal
patriots if they can go 1-1 in their next 2 games they will be fine before brady returns but they can go 0-2 as well.
the key thing to look out for in larry's opening speech is who he criticises the most, for they are the competitor he envies most
this year: amazon with a smattering of workday. bad luck sap, it seems you no longer qualify
you kicked the /mu/ nest n before too long they're gonna argue about who is more pedestrian or some shit
i don't know what any of that means!
lord, i'm hopeless since i did't know it was a best 2 out of 3. i feel shame. thanks for that.
no worries, i had to double check the app just to be sure.
thats fine, after all its just tits and dragons
man...enough with the tits.
only beyonce could lose and still command a (twitter) headline. also, y'all petty as shit for this one !
i just said the same thing to justin!
time warner cable news made fun of dad at the game i am deceased
i was dying when i was watching this
oct 2... three days before my bday!
so like sep 28th 29th ok will have to get nat ready with that plane ticket james can drive lol
qb derek carr completed 33 of 44 for 283 yards and three tds.
correction: carr finished with 299 passing yards.
they don't dwell because there's something new every day. if i didn't think he was actually inept i'd say it's a good strategy.
when was the last time you heard a positive story about hillary in the media?
congrats to for winning our first giveaway! follow us for more deals and future giveaways!
oh! she got the app? how much did you save so far?
as he presents, wishing congrats on his award for guest actor in !
hank azaria was a hoot on ray donovan. glad they bought him back this season.
ooh, branzino sounds delicious! does your man make the best?
no, the best is at in our friend the chef taught us how to make it--close second.
. chuck todd says; "who cares that hillary clinton &amp; her associates started birtherism in 08"
oh now who cares???
when your podcast guest wins the night before your broadcast!
ridiculous.
forced out by oppressive liberal regulations. what's your point?
my other point is you are a trumpchump. he's already sold u out
the universe is cruel. but to be fair, i doubt she's more attractive
you're a gem and too damn good for this world.
we're proud to say we raised over $3,000 to benefit in our supporters cup event today!
who were the champs?
: that is fantastic.
work in progress
yea him and you
i think might trump
ali krieger enters the game asdfghjkl what a time to be alive
more rapinoe! her disrespect speaks volumes of bad examples
now that school's back in session you're in new york city for longer than 24 hours at a time!
when has that ever stopped me jeff?
another awesome thing!! congrats to our amazing directors tommy kail and alex rudzinski!!!
this is awesome. congrats to all.
my god, i hope game of thrones misses the eligibility period next year.
it will. thank you, winter and authenticity.
i've never seen the stage so i'll have to check it out. very disappointed the wiz wasn't nominated tho.
the wiz was really, really good too.
i'm down. wait why are we in all-caps?
im just really excited about playing bball with people
legends. camp rock, hsm and glee could never.
bitch shut the fuck up
unless you think the ban would be for diplomats, politicians or businessmen, in that case it doesn't apply.
ban is only for ppl who we cant vet properly. we need to know everything about people coming in from the region
pulling for an americans sweep. scared of thrones.
look we are lucky to have thrones doing epic tv, but the americans is tv's best show.
tomorrow. told bae i'd chill with him on tuesday. meet me afterwork.
ite ill be in contact with u tomorrow
got a sweet segment for your video...get ready for tears...
congrats on 10 years of you tube u do a great job in all your videos &amp; have been a big fan for a number of years
city hall to be draped in black!! what will happen in coming days?
. none of those. 2 words: zombie apocalypse.
thomas kail has half an egot ... this year. too lazy to check, has anyone won best direction at the tonys and emmys in the same year?
he should have gotten had producer credit on the hamilton obc- would have been a get this year
why on earth?
how else could they attack for saying it was a bombing before it was confirmed?
what is the purple rain stuff going on in the background, nbc?
must be christening the new stadium with a prince tribute - he lives in minneapolis
the secret iphone 7 weaknesses apple doesn't want you to know
clickbait bullshit why are you trying to be shittier than apple
i think you read that in the wrong tone, lol
clearly i did. my brain is recovering from being baked in the sun. i'm missing something here.
first college game as a student last night
damn who's that cute guy sitting next to you?
i must say, as someone who loves the blair witch project, i also seriously enjoyed blair witch
i hope you know that you're generally the deciding factor when it comes to me seeing movies, i just wait for your tweets
though i was rooting for i can't argue with for best drama writing. it's so amazing.
especially "battle of the bastards", so amazing
hey, i hope you're doing well. *virtual hugs*
thank you..taking it day by day.
i miss her so much already
long distance relationships are so hard but so worth it in the end! makes the time you do see them that much more special!
nothing more painful than being so attracted to someone, but for one reason or another having to hide it
especially if they smell good like good god why
it is so weird hearing the yankees broadcast discussing bringing billy butler back next year.
butler made a defensive error as i typed that.
based on recent interactions with people i think i need to amend my twitter bio to include "surprisingly short"
are we talkin' height or attitude. 'cause you can get uppity.
or they just torch the fs. ive said many times, fire zone based 34 with quarters coverage.
reggie nelson is a cover 2 guy, not cover 1. you gotta game plan to your players strength
green onion and a bazillion cloves of garlic in soy sauce for all you can eat and drink shabu and beer and sake yess
you should be here
dude, we know you're married to amanda peet
yeah first name last name was weird
sweet. barely tasted the pepperoni
ugh, no me gusto.
bum ass khalil mack didn't do shit today vs my falcons
i wore my lucky socks bro. i'll wear these all damn week.
how you gonna bring laverne cox up to present an award beyonc is nominated in and have her give it to two white men
somebody need to tell kanye immediately
.: "i will consider it a personal insult...to my legacy" if black voters don't turn out to vote in 2016.
wow, it's very rare to see talk to bp. he shoulda done that a lot more often, not just when he wants something.
too many people have no idea what they're putting into their bodies and the effect it has on their health &amp; the planet
one vegan meal saves about 3,000 gallons of water and 16 pounds of grain...
well... it's all about having fun right?
exactly!! cheers and enjoy
what is the purple rain stuff going on in the background, nbc?
must be christening the new stadium with a prince tribute - he lived in minneapolis
smh.block me then.u hate on 70% of artist 24/7. and so if u get hate \ thats karma.get a life. stop the hate and i will stop too
no bitch you just keep your shit to yourself and don't reply unless you're atted.
happy awards show watching, !!
it's the fourth best night of the year! (1) oscars, 2) seeing hamilton, 3) pending christmas eve, 4) tonight.)
many of us in harlem nyc..former obama/hillary mental slaves..not with her. we are now all trump..all the damn time!
i am in harlem 125&amp;1train shall we organize a "shout out" 4 ?
locked down a scary offense
saints d held you to 16 points
forced out by oppressive liberal regulations. what's your point?
thanks for the laugh y'all. funny to see so much fucktardism.
oh yeah! i think the progressive left is gonna have an "alt left" just like the "alt right" lol they've meet full circle. lol
yes! entirely my theory. i love you. :)
how you get raped ??? just rape back lmaooooo
rt ": how you get raped ??? just rape back lmaooooo"
percent of teams with these w-l records to make nfl playoffs (since 1990) 2-0 63% 1-1 41% 0-2 12%
shouldn't these add up to 100%????
haitian president exposes the clinton foundation: via
this guy better get 24 hour body guards.
though i was rooting for i can't argue with for best drama writing. it's so amazing.
especially for "battle of the bastards." incredible hour of television.
you when you still thought other shows besides game of thrones might win / you after
maybe people will start watching game of thrones now.
enough to cover all our bills. i do babysit for a friend 3rd shift but i only make $150 every two weeks. i am searching 4 a job
around here babysitters get $15 off the books
it takes some skill, which i appreciate
i'm also good at not tweeting about the oscars just wait and see
hollandaise only holds if you keep it at the temperature of a feverous human. there are some risks.
oh my god it the world of cooking full up with secret deadliness that we patrons have just been made unaware of?!
the beatles on tour in "eight days a week"
they were ok, but led zeppelin was more influential. beatles were pop, zep was rock. then also black sabbath influence
we're literally in the beginning of the semester and im already catching 2 ls tomorrow
this whole weekend has actually been one big capital l since i broke all my nails and lost all my chargers
looks fun. i'm dumb for not going
you def missed out, always next time though inshallah
me right now :/
dark gamers :^/
zoomed out before lining the arms and shiro's lookin' pretty venus de milo. xd
i didn't know shiro was a ninja turtle.
rami malek. like. the chin alone. off the strength of the chin alone.
not by chin alone
the melt in cupertino
damn imma come through soon and order everything on the menu then be like i dont have enough to pay
totally conflicted on lead. robin has the reel but never gets recognized.
tatianaaaaaaa whom we know won't win but totally slays
ban is only for ppl who we cant vet properly. we need to know everything about people coming in from the region
there isn't even a ban, anymore but an extreme vetting proposal from terror linked countries not a muslim ban.
one vegan meal saves about 3,000 gallons of water and 16 pounds of grain...
and the fact that animals raised for slaughter currently take up 30% of the earth's entire land surface
this is what you can't fake.
and then... just in case you thought little miss flint was alone~
i was being jokey not angry lol
well i certainly don't want to make anybody angry.
if you haven't seen this: &lt;-- it's why deserved to win (h/t )
thanks for sharing,
cnn edits out hillary's reference to nyc explosion as "bombing" wow, cnn edits hillary?
is water still wet?
gotcha! i participated a lil early. it was fun. only been sending a tweet here &amp; there!
u think after 10 hours! i'd get something! not even a sock lol
then he cant even get my nickname right like he calls me nelly!! help!
please be lying girl i am dead lmaooo
: wins best writing for a drama series
battle of the bastards was an epic episode.
i'm trying to have a good time whenever i play 2k17 but when come and see me comes on i get in my feelings smh
take it off the playlist?
he strikes me as a razr phone kind of guy
plus is too big for those small hands. also i feel like nokia with snake is his jam
then he cant even get my nickname right like he calls me nelly!! help!
i'm calling you nelly from now on wow
i miss liv already and it hasn't even been 24 hours fml come back
the separation anxiety is going to be real .........
in all seriousness: he's coming back! nat geo correspondent for a series on climate change. interviews indian pm.
this whole exchange just broke my brain.
racist dad, mike mccoy dresses his son in blackface to mock protestors, then posts on facebook.
...nature of the beast who in all honesty could say "i didn't expect this to happen....!"
this version of gtb thoooo
found you on 5sos's snapchat (bottom left)
that looks so good! so there was seaweed inside?
it was amazing. yes, seaweed had been mixed into the dough. this week is the last week of the pop-up. go!
wow what an ass!!
that's what everyone thought but later we found out the water pump malfunctioned so i guess it caught on fire??
it's the fourth best night of the year! (1) oscars, 2) seeing hamilton, 3) pending christmas eve, 4) tonight.)
let's be very clear, i started this in chronological order. hamilton=.
really enjoyed my hair today
so cute bby
frowning while the entire waitstaff of california pizza kitchen sings "happy birthday" to me, looking like a lump of shit in a neckbrace
"please do not send me the frog pic" xd
discovered the secret ingredient
i feel like it's the secret ingredients adults kept from me as a kid
only if it's captured on video
ill be sure to tag you in the tweet when i share it. let's just say it needs to be edited, because it's epic.
yo! he's alive!!!!!
could you tell him i love him? please? thank you!
also a possibility... but he looks even worse now. acting healthy (if it's that) &amp; just stinking up the place.
his slash line since returning isn't terrible, not great either, but the power is just non-existent.
the forecast: donald trump's debate prep strategy via
emails, emails, emails..and then emails
you don't agree? women shouldn't be spending money on men ?
nope. i personally wouldn't allow it with me
mine is the day after yours
double celebration
happy birthday sean! hope you had a good one!
thanks luis!
all present &amp; accounted for at last night! excited for y'all to see 9/20 on . mv
cant wait!!!!
they could review pretty much anything. food, even. they just choose tech because it's cool. but don't they try to understand the why's.
not everyone can be astute as you.
maybe in the kitchen
10 hours! we all need to get a wipes!! i still see her in the lr
there may be.. it's femoral peroneal &amp; tibial paralysis &amp; my foot is not involved. i am learning to "walk" with a brace &amp; walker.
. guys have been telling us may be our whole lives no reason to listen now!!
say more? maybe i'm slow but not sure what you mean
folo he knows a lot more about tv than i do, and he says so, too.
john mayer is still unbelievably sexy to me.
co-sign. such a goof but i'd take him.
i just don't understand how folks can be so ignorant.
losing to who? and ignorant?? that meme says loosing, it's losing. ha!
this version of gtb thoooo
is that you guys??!?!?! towards the end of the video
thanks for your article about my journey building . i really enjoyed sharing our story
your story is very inspiring arlan. thanks for showing me that perseverance gets us what we need.
neither are y'all. rams winning the division.
too early in the season. we'll catch up
well, there is taiwan now...............................
between imas and nanasis i'm still going to have to choose nanasis
i just finished that arc! im onto the island
oh the island arc is pretty good. i need to get back into fairy tail and all my manga.
were all going to jump on like a dog pile
she wont get on twitter just be her mom selling
rt if you still mad at jay-z for only making "beach is better" 55 seconds long
lmao how many times did we say this when he dropped mchg......
not talking about vacation. talking foreign nationals with biz interests in us. would be of concern to al-sisi.
of course there's no problem with those types of visitors coming in, they aren't a terror threat.
well someone had to say it
it's literally her best song overall
this is going on my list
right here:
"what defense in the league can guard these 3 guys?" talking about and
it's week two don't get too optimistic
happy sunday! after a long week how do you like to relax?
some quality time with friends, enjoying a german beer &amp; delicious brunch! game of too!
so u wouldn't appreciate your woman taking u out to lunch or dinner?
she can plan it and all that and surprise me sure but i'll pay
lemonade should've won in every category.
the logic behind it running as a variety show confuses me...totally different beast
whispers:: "their show isnt coming back, tho"
it got cancelled? damn lol.
. got this pervy commission of me &gt;////&gt;
thats not even my worst
yeah they did.
i nearly peed when described it as being hebrew national.
my (super gay, super left) car was vandalized in the parking lot of my own place of employment tonight. i'm shaken.
sending love &amp; support! &lt;3
can i take my 2 hours wasted back?
yes. busting a nut all in this pussy.
what's one makeup product you've always wanted?
abh glow kit
why do so many dems have such a short memory
as compared to forgetting trump told a lie a minute ago?
giants are my bro's favorite team! and cruz is awesome for us
dopeness brother lmk when you are in nyc; lunch is on me. great seeing you in atlantic city last month!
it's early texans proving me wrong 2-0 beating chiefs in playoff rematch
they might win that division lol. are the yankees done???
shout out the fargo s2 fans who are feeling droopy. true, s2 is getting robbed.
yeah s2 was incredible
ambushed in her police car, she was shot 8 times. she's still alive please pray for her. love
prays for you beautiful lady!
32) how you love me now - hey monday; such a great tune, how was it forgotten
yessss cassadee and hey monday were my loves
q2: what's your go-to running gear for fall?
definitely a light for night runs, the bay area isn't that cold in the fall, so everything else is the same!
seeing my building and my block all over the news is sorta nuts.
omg. yr okay, thank god. sorry, must be cray being there. (come visit us in bk!)
i don't know, but i don't remember the last time i heard a positive story about trump either.
when was the last time you heard the media holding him or his spokespeople accountable for his words? even in suggesting
are you still holding prayer sessions?
i pray for ben and not matt for this exact reason
she can't even get into a car without help! so sad you put you hope in such a weakass woman!
what's sad is putting your hopes in a mad who is subject to a court action for raping a child. sad!
he won't care. he will probably never talk to them
i know that
the funny thing about "snowden" is how it makes it seem like massive govt surveillance was a shock. i remember it a bit differently.
it was like, "hey, the nsa is building the world's biggest data center in utah, and they ain't using it to work on toy story 4..."
every week is a 7-day work week, but this week was especially a 7-day work week
every week is a 7-day work week, but this last 7 years was especially a 7-day work week
if you want to go to college or are saddled with student debt, you'll want to read what has to say:
hrc&amp; tk is going 2 tax the shit out of all americans that get a job 4 the rest of our lives 2 pay 4 a 2 yr college
i just don't understand how no one asked nypl about their experience providing internet access to the public
yep. and about the wisdom on starting on 8th ave., always a troubled area. sd have launched in, say, queens ...
snapchat it but my phone was dead
damn but i'm glad u were thinkin bout it/me
thank to for being my start line race buddy today.
bet at the start = pr!
defo massively awks! ugh.
i would have been like what the hell you sending that to me for lol
not sure why i got ready today if i'm at work all night lol. felt greaaaat tho
oh girl, ur so beautiful!!
don't talk on shit you know nothing about.
i'm just repeating what bina said that night so
this is corny
like your mom who eat ass and then come home to kiss you and your kids
yall don't like because he's doing what other promoters wouldnt do. he's getting fighters paid &amp; expanding their potential
shhhh, he's not a promoter.
i'm serious! all i need is a pink wig
catch brittany on campus and snatch hers
actually i'm craving for a konjoe burger... (beef, lettuce, fried egg, caramelized onions, pickled jalapenos, cheese, konjoe sauce)
next time when i'm in downtown sj.... next time... it's been too long
when was the last time you heard the media holding him or his spokespeople accountable for his words? even in suggesting
assassination of hillary, he and they aren't pressed, rather they are excused. hillary gets pneumonia and is vilified.
someone at that nerd accounting firm told beyonce she wasn't going to win, because she didn't come, and beyonce would never come to lose.
you're right!- and she was just on tour last night in northern ca, &amp; next show not till tue, she 'could' have made it there-
lmao he just showed up at the emmys so i'm dying everyone is mad lmao
... he has shows? like why wouldn't he?
how many years since you saw a game there!!
has to be 30-35 years. maybe usc and oj
words collide. i use nearly every time i play mtg
hell yeah!!!
ah so you just happen to be on the reactionary side but uh it's actually the opposite
hating developers is not a solution. just like hating farmers doesn't make food cheaper.
now i know you're ignorant if you're pro common core! now we get it!
no surprise an idiot like you wants to cling to 1950s teaching.
high temperature was 80 today. we've now tied the all-time greatest # of 80+ days for in record keeping.
yeah but fall hit suddenly. shorts to light jacket and pants. warm winter (please, please, please. warm up snowblower??
it was like, "hey, the nsa is building the world's biggest data center in utah, and they ain't using it to work on toy story 4..."
snowden was really just the smoking gun for something everyone knew was happening but couldn't find evidence for.
like waiting for your aus visa while you're supposed to be in aus already!
exaclty... kinda why i am not heading to mexico next month
saints secondary is complete garbage.
wentz played good against the browns
i am going to be a great producer someday. that day will not be today. today i found the quick swipe tool. ...
i could totally see you doing that kim,do you know how to do rap so gs though,don't want to be pigeon holed in pop alone right?
my dad &amp; uncle wwll marines iowa jima
trump: "i've always wanted a purple heart." bone spurs count?
i'll be all that back there
i can't with you
woah! this looks great! did you crush that whole thing?
sure did lol thanks!
coming from the girl that asked me advice on how to get your boyfriend to be more dominant..
what's that got to do with anything? that was before you decided to be a fucking creep
really? the team we destroyed!! why not the team that is closer mileage wise? favorite team .
i love all things ny.
pls refer to my next tweet
i saw it &amp; still don't care. i know you be throwing ass b
beautiful warm evening in nyc i'm taking my group for a run tomorrow morning in central park at 6:30.
wait whhhaaattt? staying any longer?
that line is the sht
thankyou i need to make a meme for it
can you tell how awful notorious is by these ads? well, abc couldn't and they saw the whole thing, plus deleted scenes!
that's too bad. i love the 2 lead actors.
thank you, thank you :) haha im pretty excited. i don't really win anything
there were like 18 ppl playing.
and as for headed west instead of east : in spite of recent tech advancements coordinates still aren't variable!
aw... i missed you you all too! (coordinates may not be variable but project timelines definitely can.)
and the fact that animals raised for slaughter currently take up 30% of the earth's entire land surface
us humans are very smart, but when it comes to chasing down an animal, capturing it w our claws&amp;ripping it apart w our teeth...we're useless
also think trying to catch a ball hit to you is somewhat instinctual. in this instance i think it was.
i guess... but when i've been in the front row of the monster i've been cognizant of where the ledge is.
cnn is pure garbage.
yes, yes it is.
battle of the bastards winning for best writing would be an early contender for dumbest thing to happen this week if it weren't 2016.
however trump et les deplorables are already drafting tweets that'll blow that occurrence out of the water. so.
gov.christie is excellent for campaign ! keep him on air defending!!
the removal of armed bodyguards for hillary was stated so poorly it's a turn off to many!
say more? maybe i'm slow but not sure what you mean
it was satisfying to audience that ramsay died, but there's no way jon snow should've lived, much less been that stupid.
believed the actual post no, but definitely added to the list of legit producers who have said the same thing
hence the big topic of dj vs producer. sucks but truth alot of producers don't know what there looking for with a dj
he needs to be schooled by
as does everyone who is not voting hrc. jane is better than sliced bread. :)
i don't understand why i keep eating. i hope it's not a side effect of the new medication i'm on
that's one of the side effects for several of mine.
everybody's got to decide for themselves! who are you voting for?
at this point maybe gary johnson. trump is human garbage but i see nothing for her, just against him.
goodell promotes nfl players left-wing activism, "admires"
people (audience) is also encourage to boycott games
churchill's ghost is found confused, lost, but thankfully in one piece, and returned to the cemetery. algiers, 1957.
churchill's what now?
kris, i met you when you visited st. cloud. keep us in your prayers after this terrorist attack.
we are praying for you gary god bless
[intimidation] confession time? here's what i got i, robot i~open~sourced a-plot a private dic~tator now a.i. calls the shots
[holographic plate: veritas] riddle me this, riddle me that, making a monster - of the big, bad bat!
emmy night 2016!!
better choice. but less cattiness.
sadly there's none. though one tried to convince me to take a rest on a couch at mile 23. also i gave a sasquatch a pound.
wait there were for real blerch suits? trying to stop you from running. if so, that's amazing.
azan probably wishing he clicked on a different profile
that show is back ?!!?
that's a really high par value for stock w/ a recent offering. weird.
requirements are state to state and i think have to do with the type of stock issued. may be something with a private co in wi?
this coming from the guy supporting the sell out queen! laughable!
go cry into a made-in-china trump tie, trumpchump.
...when i can feel my legs again? so i'm guessing that will be sometime in 2034.
i'd say numbness is a good thing!
we went to puerto alegre, so i'm probably not the best person to ask right now.
don't break your foot.
drjillstein: the is nothing short of a disaster for workers and the environment. rt if you'd like barackobama to stop forcing it throu...
some things need to be forgotten. let's make tpp be a new drug.
yep! it's more a protest vote. he hates hillary.
fuck "protest vote" what an ineffectual waste.
i need ppl to play gta v w/ on ps4 ive had this game since 2013, i still suck at everything but i want to not get killed. add familyautomart
juuust added ya. "ezrid." please forgive my high school username
hard day today. it would have been my dad's 92nd birthday.
i'm sorry it was a hard day.
lost the game more than the won it! 17 penalties! injuries are not an excuse, have to overcome those situations!
i can bet everything i own that if a team lost 2/4 starting lbs and had 1 out already that team takes a l 99.99% of the time
of course, this means nothing 2 and his band of brothers. what'd it take to ground them in reality? idk
why are u always mesmerizing the truth, the truth is out there
no one wants to answer my ft calls but love to call me when i'm watching netflix fuck y'all
fuck you and fuck your netflix
us humans are very smart, but when it comes to chasing down an animal, capturing it w our claws&amp;ripping it apart w our teeth...we're useless
biologically, we're plant eaters; we've just been taught that eating dead animals is normal.
that may have been the hardest hit ball in the history of baseball
you vs a close second ?
thank you, thank you :) haha im pretty excited. i don't really win anything
watching the
yea at worse split in beantown. our downfall inability to beat big 3 of al east i just know we under .500 vs them
right now we are 3.5 out of the 2nd wc and leading right now but i think we were done when we lost the last 2 games against la and
we've got 51 days left to win this thing. make sure you're ready:
americans don't want to join the eu! americans don't want socialism! americans don't want a murderer &amp; traitor in the w.h. u lose!
yes, yes it is.
the only major news network i even somewhat pay attention to is msnbc, and even them i take it with a grain of salt.
i'm only on season 2 of power lol
ctfuuu i just watched today's new one
you ever just clearly not know how to make the pitch fork? hopefully they teach me before '17!
ugh i freakin love you
seems like many people in 2016 don't appreciate the greatness that is the beatles. i will never understand.
the beatles suck
how you gonna have a trick that gets called out as bullshit before you even do the trick?
haha i saw this too
she can't even get into a car without help! so sad you put you hope in such a weakass woman!
what's sad is putting your hopes in a man who is subject to a court action for raping a child. sad!
hard right for me, no question!!!
god bless you
biologically, we're plant eaters; we've just been taught that eating dead animals is normal.
but we also used to think that slavery and women not being able to vote were normal concepts as well...
yes, yes it is.
young turks for me
really? i hecka miss my long hair but thank you sm
yea really! i think girls who have always had long hair cut it super short is such a cute change i really like it on you
hell yeah!!!
awww mtg nerds unite. means i have to ping lol
so much cuter!
his haircut is too freakin cute
bro, you actually got an ear for producing, keep with that shit.
he's about to go from a pro in halo, to an amazing youtuber to a big time producer. sick ass beats
i agree with you! i feel grateful for every second
i hope you get to see each other in person again soon!
i'm giving an emmy for this selfie
she fuckin deserves it
yea at worse split in beantown. our downfall inability to beat big 3 of al east i just know we under .500 vs them
when we blew a 5-1 lead on thursday! you are right though. we don't have a winning record against boston, toronto, and b-more.
so i may have been really particular about hairstyles when i first started
i'm at the top 1% lol
whatever he is, he's a winner at it
i hope. i hope pbc succeeds long term for both fans and fighters. barclays has some of my mortgage payments thanks to pbc.
. sat w/ for a discussion about 's protest against the national anthem.
it's easy to that in a country everybody want to visit try that somewhere no one wants to go.
madara and hashirama were such cute kids.....what happened
heteronormativity
hey , are you planning on attending any of the padres/giants games next weekend in sd?
maybe sunday.
i know that
just saying thats why i cant wait til he find sout
tonight we are observing the weekly ritual "punk bath" and my kids are listening to bad religions "suffer" for the first time
i'm pretty sure everyone likes exactly one bad religion song. they're the smiths of punk in that way.
i would love to find the leash. she's staying put in the livingroom
we stopped tweeting.they really need to give an incentive. its boring already. 10 hours of this
i guess because boyz ii men? i'm trying here.
maggie smith beat out 3 actresses. that's called beast-ing.
just wait until the patriots have brady, dion lewis, and the gronk + bennett tight end duo all together
16-0-0 on the season, right
oh god maggie smith. oh god. that burns. it burns!!! lena deserved it this year. walk of shame!
that was the last ep from the season before
. lies, loses $1m in campaign support from , talks shit to and now full supports
ugh! i cannot believe i gave my previous free time to make calls for her! i'm so angry.
what's sad is putting your hopes in a man who is subject to a court action for raping a child. sad!
he's already got a history of assault &amp; rape... hmm
given shifting position on issue, you might understand al-sisi concern - want to ask t directly.
everyone shifts to the center after primaries. doubt that's a concern for al-sisi. isis is what's concerning
everyone's personalizing theirs lmao
lol yeah, gotta stand out yaknow
can you get to where you are doing this for real?
yes, i think i can. thanks for the inspirational message, malc!
. tells miami crowd take away clinton's "bodyguards" and let's see what happens to her. what?? and they both have usss
slight difference being.. isn't coming after .
they are doing great without me!
nonono don't get too excited! we want scott to live long and happy. he must stick with his endorsement.
i would love to find the leash. she's staying put in the livingroom
than some new person comes and gets it.not supportive
their show is hilarious
ok but did you see keanu? cause not so much.
i've literally done nothing this weekend. no productivity. just wasn't feeling it. ah, well. vegas next week with the bros.
you are allowed a break, ya know
it's a mental thing. mariano was awful at it too
i remember mussina said he always used to work on it
i can't wait!!! put it up at midnight!!! put it up now!
i may actually.....
wrong,stalin killed 500 million of his own people,worse than hitler
"wwii was the deadliest military conflict in history in absolute terms of total dead"
maggie smith been old my whole life
she never shows up.
except that cafe also provides credits for evs such that transition to zero emissions is a compliance alternative.
like it provided compliance credits for e85 vehicles before it, the mechanism is simply flawed, maybe the rfs...
there were so many empty seats in front of me, i thought you and your staff might be sitting there.
guests first! i was in the back silently weeping
he's very good looking but i have trouble seeing past his character from tno
he's an actor angela!!!!!
lol i'm a flamingo
ah man, lol ... great analogy! if you could only see what i'm envisioning right now.
ecco the dolphin was ported to win95? woah i learned something today.
yeah a lot of sega games were ported to pc. i'm not exactly a collector of them but i like 90s arcade and console pc ports :)
my op-ed in tomorrow's wsj: the wrong lessons from matt lauer via
ari you are such a savage. always wise and on-point. i hope the donald makes use of your experience. it to win.
some restaurants or turistic places! we have just one day!! ;)
bulldog grill is classic sports bar w/epic tri-tip sandwich. on campus w/gr8 restaurants like
congratulations to david benioff &amp; d.b. weiss for their "outstanding writing for a drama" win.
i am so glad this won, i had chest pains when this episode was over. :-)
everyone shifts to the center after primaries. doubt that's a concern for al-sisi. isis is what's concerning
but it would be good if they discuss it just so the public wont be misinformed about trump's proposals.
i feel like it's monie love but can't figure out what song. none of the big ones anyway
two other experts are and . maybe they can solve it.
arizona favored by only 5 1/2 points at bills sunday...surprised the cardinals aren't favored by more.
i'd just favor.them ny all the points. how sad is this season? feel like my autumn has been yanked away.
jeb bush makes a cameo at the emmys via
why? shouldn't the bushes just play with their farms now. just go away.
they ended it themselves. they said turnaround on a single ep, from writing to shooting was months to a yr. idk how
that's believable. they put a lot into their skits.
thank you officer falconer for using your gun 2 kill the muslim terrorist in minnesota trying to kill americans!
thank god for this brave man!
free stock footage! take a romantic walk on the beach with a pond5 free clip.
not showing as free (currently it's 7:20pm pst, so it should still be available?)
congratulations on your emmy, kate! big fan of yours, too.
great retweet, andrea. you call yourself a . pathetic.
never fails! maybe i shouldn't watch ever?!
me too! they always come back when i turn it off!
no to hayward lol
anyway that's easier for you it's right next to school !!!
it was great to meet folks like and and see again and i really cannot wait for march.
it's definitely the positive side of social media
madara didn't even end up having a wife tho and i'm like. madara. gdi you
hes a salty gay
fair. how do you suppose the packers could ever become privately owned? would they have to buy out stockholders?
they're still private - not traded on an exchange. private co's regularly issue stock (to employees etc.)
lol i'm a flamingo
a flamingo that eats volumes of meat like a tiger ')- oh and, drinks beer too.
"we're going to the playoffs", they said. "this is our year", they said.
i said 9-7 since the draft. last year i said 7-9 after the draft
is this really happening?
nah. just trying to get infront of twitter outrage these days. call it ragecasting. whole new discipline on college campuses.
connor mcdavid shouldn't be allowed to play with a puck that has a string attached to his stick.
sometimes it looks like he's playing a different sport
seems to me they're "soaked in" history of health problems culminating in nearly collapsing in the street.
mike drop, mr. hume. we'll said.
sitting here reading tweets from the delusional . they actually thought beyonce was gonna win.
the shade
and as for headed west instead of east : in spite of recent tech advancements coordinates still aren't variable!
aw... physical presence might not be variable (yet), but spiritual presence surely is.
i literally have a taurus tattoo and they're tryna tell me i'm no longer a taurus
this is way off don't trust it
never start a tab at a bar, you forgetting about it half the time smh
pickwicks' accounts payable looking really high, scaring off investors
let's just skip to a best of 7 series between canada and north america and call it a tournament.
could we first get a best two-of-three north america-team usa series, please? thanks for your understanding in this matter.
. for sec. of state? no, for prison
i always find her bloody red large lips disturbing.
"wwii was the deadliest military conflict in history in absolute terms of total dead"
"over 60 million people were killed... 3% of the 1940 world pop. (est. 2.3 billion)"
take a look at some of the hottest, strangest and most experimental looks at the 2016
was the best dressed, hands down!!!
did it win again? was hoping mr. robot because it's my friend's show (he does the easter eggs in it).
battle of the bastards won best writing and directing.
"i don't even know if he likes peanut butter how am i supposed to go out with him?"
honestly i don't rlly like peanut butter
don't make my cry
no hope left, they lost credibility
wishful thinking and optimism, mostly. foolishly thought that all the people needed was the info. regardless of woke of the past.
info means nothing. u know alot of shit you shouldn't do but still do it. ppl will w.e the hell they want
i.e? hey by the way ... whered the pneumonia go?
uh, pneumonia gets cured? lyng does not. how did trump see people jumping from wtc??
y'all got me blocked
she kinda look like woody from toy story
i like your ambition. maybe one day makes it happen.
we need that type of tech anyway of we want to explore any further than the moon in our meat bodies
me to me after realizing i still didn't start my paper that's due tomorrow morning
i'm not stressed tho it'll take me 30-45 mins tops. it can't be more than 2pgs
but we also used to think that slavery and women not being able to vote were normal concepts as well...
as societies evolve, we progress and make adaptations based on what is fair and right and will benefit the most.
somehow my mind always wonders back to you...
good to know that u think about me
"hey now ray dawnavan is a good show and he prawbly likes da pats, son!"
my dad is the only person i've ever heard talk about it, and he describes the episodes to me because i don't watch it.
hi alethia, my name is tiana, and i too have an addiction.
hi guys, thanks for helping fund my paycheck. i appreciate it
what's up with though? did floyd really drop him? #
guy don't wanna leave bodymore. floyd wants no distraction w/fighters.
it's sad that when you step back from the community you realize what's actually important, and you watch the others stress over nothing.
im just chilling as always enjoying life
snippet of biometric: a romanov &amp; "e smetisko": buried upstate ny:
many thanks for guidance :) the mystery continues...
pot, kettle. consider yourselves introduced.
in many ways amazon is the new oracle as it grows its own stack. each uses varying mixes of open source+proprietary.
very scary, something about 's face scream perversion!
guy gives me the skin crawling creeps just looking at his weird face.
why not just block porn sites
. indeed ... but the reality is, nice nyers didn't like homeless men lingering on their streets.
ikr..but my eyes, they burn
lol, yeah i can imagine! how've you been? we should catch up sometime.
did it win again? was hoping mr. robot because it's my friend's show (he does the easter eggs in it).
i tweeted earlier it's the single most epic thing ever put on television.
??? bey hasn't acknowledged a nomination since 4
she's tiyad!
can you please check out this video of this foul ball glitch. thank you
triple play on a broken bat foul ball by first base when the game would not return my runners.
ignition source.
note to fbi: my alibi is solid.
yup, inertia is serious. also consider # of people that use their car(s) as a rolling suitcase/base of operations.
yeah, i think there are a lot of fringe (or less fringe) use cases for car ownership that will take time to solve for
what the fuck
the girls a gift from the heavens. i've never been more impressed in my life
happy birthday
good looks bro
alright i'm off to bed yall make good choices
fuck i can't have that responsibility, what if i vote for trump
go back to your scummy town fag
don't start something you can't finish
not all relationships are equal or repaired at the same time. these family issues run deeper.
- at the right time i pray that these families will come together!!!
having a houseful of teenage girls has taught me boy does this generation give no orientation fucks. themselves, others--their label is idc.
i have learned that from my son, no judgement or prejudice just love we can also take some credit for how we raise them
during the week or on the weekend
during the week! text me
17 soldiers killed,farmer suicides up, dalits/minorities brutalized, economy tumbling,but old megalomaniac birth-day" boy" busy on photo-op!
your time 13 were beheaded.so pakistan is the enimy.we need to call spade a spade.ayar and khurshid were there,wanted totopplebjp
fighting semantics is futile. as is being completely euphemistically about what something is or is not. it's plain.
it's not a euphemism until it's known for certain that's what you both apparently don't get if it's proven, then fine
raider nation was electric today and the players let us down
i told you the defense was wack showed in preseason man ..
a lot of people think 21 pilots is a new band they actually been out for a while
*respectful parliamentary applause*
to me it felt so odd to make a mini-series out of something we all watched non-stop in real time. but the actors nailed it.
yes the actors were great
i have 'matt damon and minnie driver are at the same awards show' feelings.
literally just said the same thing to my friends! at least minnie is looking
what brand of pasta you recommend for pasta and egg aka extra pecorino ?
dececco is always a really solid price to quality ratio
have you purchased tickets yet for the commonwealth clash by ?
are you serious $40.00 general admission?
it's doing very nicely, drew. thanks for asking. it was eisner nominated for best series &amp; won for best single issue
what next from this guy? "awards are the sign of elitism!"
. children are excellent judges of character.
look at his grip on her wrist! handles kids like objects--well, in that at least he's consistent.
maggie smith beat out 3 actresses. that's called beast-ing.
what's with this awful practice of the music playing louder than the presenters before commercial break?
during the week or on the weekend
nvm both fuck it
you and i are seeing very different media. media were the ones who forced his hand on the birtherism thing.
not really. he didn't even truly disavow it. media aren't pressing him for medical or taxes, either. clinton's released both
q3: how do you make sure you're staying safe and seen on your runs as the days get darker?
i use two blinking lights, turn my music low so i can hear outside, and stay off busy roads where cars can't see me.
some restaurants or turistic places! we have just one day!! ;)
downtown m street graduate arts studios w/display. downing planetarium on campus. for farm-grown items, wine!
really only interested in a super bowl halftime show headlined by becky g.
beckyg a late bloomer she will go far just watch
whaaaa really?? :o haha
yes i was very picky about my characters after awhile. i had over 831h on my main warlock re-did her like 3 times.
live on : stretching in the gym and answering questions
how do you feel about the wwe bringing back the cruiserweight division?
here's my throwback to when this was "the people vs. oj simpson"
is that safe?
i've got a junior scout now.
put me down for more boxes this year
when you find him lemme know
you better just tell me eh talk to you because
"bruce irvin says raiders d was never on the same page, jack del rio coy on if he took over defensive play-calling"
delrio better get it fixed and fast cause that's some bull crap right there
as societies evolve, we progress and make adaptations based on what is fair and right and will benefit the most.
me eating a plant based diet that avoids animal products shouldn't offend you.
ocean is gorgeous
greta, that would be "the ocean is gorgeous." or, "the gorgeous ocean." please greta van susteren, esquire, the queen's english.
there's no winning this one unless both sides are ready &amp; willing. they weren't at that place.
- in due time....it's all about timing!
not sustainable since theyre both trying to do so much other work
and it's on basic cable, premium cable, maybe. but last i saw key and peele, they were in a expedia commercial.
i'm actually offended they didn't nominate the season 6 finale of game of thrones
the best episode i've ever seen fam its a work from god
in other words, the ecobee is set to not let it get warmer than 76 or colder than 68.
that's a cool lookin' thermostat.
finally gonna be 16 tm hope i don't fail my permit test
you won't it's so easy
wrong,stalin killed 500 million of his own people,worse than hitler
don't be ridiculous. 500 million would be close to 1/4 of the world's pop at that time
i keep forgetting they're married like ik they are and it's a concept but not a realistic one
i know.... i bet their kids are adorable though
2. lost my whereabouts during the ball coming at me. always exceptions, just instinct at times
alright, they get a pass from me, jack... but if they do it again.... :)
dog house grill
we said the same!
north korea will probably keep testing nukes no matter what the us does news!
let them. they'll probably just blow themselves up.
whaaaa really?? :o haha
got rid of my hunter and re-did her like twice
i mean obviously you don't hate developers---you work to appease them. that's literally what your org is for!
actually developers have contributed less thn $500. we are renters for mre rental housing. more competition btwn landlords.
woooow what kind of victim blaming is this
the only acceptable kind
doghouse. always.
our recommendation, too!
if you're shitting on maggie smith, you're a fucking moron, just so we are being crystal clear here.
the woman is 800 years old. she doesn't need to go to your dusty awards show, mmmkay?
cam newton is dressed like he is about to sell springfield a shoddy monorail.
he's dressed like the crackerjack dnc petitioner i met at a occupy event at colton hall in monterey.
need advice for a trade? want to gloat or complain about your matchup? kyle &amp; ray () are here for you!!
got offered andrew luck for sterling shepard.. yes or no? i have carr at qb right now
we need that type of tech anyway of we want to explore any further than the moon in our meat bodies
for space, we need to be able to diagnose and treat precancer like a bacterial infection
so psyched for in memorium. if you're gonna die, do it now!
what's a good snack for in memoriam?
i don't have plans to support google drive at the moment, but i'll let my humans know you'd like it!
let me know how i can help your humans! do you need anything api wise to enable it?
left nostril has been useless all day. right nostril is really over smelling and breathing tho. i got tissue issues.
afrin severe congestion nasal spray. it saves lives
not really. he didn't even truly disavow it. media aren't pressing him for medical or taxes, either. clinton's released both
he's given a huge pass on his russia ties, his horrible biz record, his calls of violence, his lack of transparency while
can't believe this
it was gonna be an obvious choice but i've been in the mood for pizza too lately :(
i kind of think you'll love this piece by with in
hehe has had the misfortune of hearing me rant in person
when your party's chairwoman has to admit that you were physically "lifted into that van"
now the dnc chairperson sounds like the mole!
ur complaining on twitter about people complaining on twitter
okay i am going to pretend that you knew that was the point of it and move on.. haha
"alright i'm off to bed y'all don't make choices that will result in the end of western civilization"
phew okay thanks
it's a waste of my potential
dressing up for yourself is better though tbh
here these official video shop
haus of plv designs
my mom is so gross she just texted me that she's drawn to terrance howard bc he's a bad boy
my mom found sayid from lost attractive b/c he was "mysterious"
who is your dream guy for alexis? (part 2/2)
julian is the only man for her. always
he's given a huge pass on his russia ties, his horrible biz record, his calls of violence, his lack of transparency while
he and his surrogates go on about hillary.
well, why did you use an fbi definition?
because it supported my opinion of what legally constitutes 'rape'.
never turn the game off.
sometimes i just can't bear it. i get so sad when they start losing, especially against those pigs the yankees
i'm actually offended they didn't nominate the season 6 finale of game of thrones
battle of the bastards was great! but come on fam... come on...
saw the new french/belgium film "raw". powerful, disturbing &amp; taboo. so daring in form &amp; its subject matter of cannibalism. freaked me out.
it's so hard to catch foreign films here.
why did jimmy kimmel call laverne cox an actor instead of actress
actor is the word. actress is not really a word. is there any difference w/ a male doctor &amp; female doctress?
commentary sucks. referred to a series of great moves by connor mcdavid as "vintage mcdavid". uh..how can it vintage if he's 19?
leave it up to espn to cover hockey.
it gives me hope for the future. i really do think the children will save us all.
i second that
or if it's shades darker than your hair color
i think that's the worst
i have done that. multiple times.
you haven't cited any laws, nor cited any case examples.
good luck girl!
aw thank you ash!
media's pressing him on taxes, he's just not giving them up.
when have they ever pressed him?
we flip switch too late trying to make our playoff push in aug and not in june or july
and unfortunately i hate to say it but joe cost us some games as well.
...my grandma said she is proud of me because i adopted a cat..i don't think she's ever said that she's proud of me.
you adopted a cat and didn't tell me
cuomo is giving the impression that he's in charge of the city. deblasio getting badly blindsided here.
deblasio manages to be a dunce &amp; a crook at the same time. phenomenal really.
thanks for connecting. how you doing?
happy...how about you?
the crowd was amazing today! only a fool would abandon a great fan base like that.
guess im the only one that saw that giant baseball diamond on the field &amp; the tarp
happy trails, alysha. i will never forget this moment.
um wow amazing i love the cast
i think the beyhive is after me. well, maybe not the beyhive, but the beygency.
what did you do girl?
five of the winners taking the stage so far tonight are black.
none of them are beyonc
i root for david benioff because he used to teach us at poly! i liked him so i wish him good things
was just looking at that on his wiki. how was he as a teacher?
i think my "ugh" feelings about beyonce stem from the beyhive's unwarranted aggression about all things beyonce.
i think my "ugh" feelings about taylor swift stem from the swiftland's (?!?) unwarranted aggression about all things tswift
that's what makes you guys so weird. it's like half astro turf and half devotion to the wisdom of the market
it's like you're so devoted to the ghost of mass-murderer lenin that you don't hear what people say...
i was just reading that they are gonna possibly take out the monsters inc ride to make room for the new marvel land.......... don't
they are. that's why they're changing tot
supporting actress in a drama series award goes to
it's hard to say no to professor mcgonnagal. (but really, dame maggie smith is legendary)
starts from the mama
you think men who sleep with a lot of women got issues?
maybe he'll be like rest of us. if we could just hit a damn curve, woulda been big leaguers. (my story and sticking to it.)
those breaking pitches are unfair.
i don't get how they can throw it 90+mph so accurately but can't lob it. like basketball player and free throws
exactly its about practice and they dont practice it enough .. same for free throws
and also the only time i saw media vilify clintons pneumonia was before we knew it was pneumonia and we only saw her passed out
they spent days showing the video of her getting into the van. days.
for real. he starting to sound like cowboys &amp; raiders fans cc:
yo team got dubbed today? or na
is it true that if a specific player compendium goal is only funded, say 95%, that none of the money goes to that player? is that standard?
tbh, that makes complete sense to me
have , will innovate!
is pink in :)
for space, we need to be able to diagnose and treat precancer like a bacterial infection
the tech is doable, basically pattern recog, cancer mutation seq + t-cell receptor dna sequence that kills it
if this doesn't scare the shit out of you nothing will: mike pence considers dick cheney a role model
$hit, for real. cheney was declared a war criminal that we refused to turn over. george w was borderline criminal
i know! it's so damn sad :(
this was also my reaction!
you said that last year about harper! :-0
we said it about trout too and we were right
one day brother one day. dreams do come true!
my uncle will teach you how to tailgate. in return, we'll teach him how to do a pub crawl.
he's got a new book coming out on kahneman and tversky's work (see thinking fast and slow). it will surely be great!
thanks so much, will definitely check it out! embarrassingly haven't read his books + wanted to start w (i think?) his first
the browns nearly beat the ravens.
but they didn't so thank you have a day enjoy your loss to the steelers next week
hey know of any good comedy shows around time?
you can never go wrong with the comedy cellar downtown. good chance of a surprise pop in anytime you go.
it's the whole d front 7 imo
jelly &amp; williams have also been nonexistent
wut...? that beat lemonade and aretha??? uh-uh, satan. nope.
once again we need diverse people to vote
i honestly changed my name so that someone would argue with me but i guess no one will bite that bait
i just noticed this......... do you really hate pltano maduros
this really pissed me off
same like any girl would kill for a man like that and she's treating him like garbage. she's dumb.
the russia ties are what forced manafort out if i recall correctly
trump was never made to answer a real question about those ties.
ok but still thinking about the frosty i had today
i haven't had a frosty in so long. now i'm craving one!
don't watch the while pmsing because i just sobbed crying when sarah paulson expressed her love 4 holland taylor and now eating pasta
omg made me sob. record emmy win pales re: her daddy's opinion. know he is more proud than ever, beaming down
i wouldn't be surprised if they win the entire thing
i wouldn't be mad either!
your candidate is the known female enabler of her rapist husband. that's because hillary loves [to] humma weiner!
hillary is no more responsible for bill's actions than donald is for melania being a "former" escort.
it cured in 90 minutes @ age 70?? and i saw people falling. didnt u?
yes, on tv. he said he saw it. but he was 4 miles away. he can't name one of his 100 friends he lost either.
not true i gave you a foot massage today
okay like 80% of the time
has everyone heard the new bubble sound when you type on your iphone? if not turn the volume up asap and go. to. town!!!!
trying it now and i'm v happy
drunk is subjective here
true, 'drunk' is indeed subjective, but generally meant as consuming several alcoholic drinks.
cher's all butthurt and shit lol love it!
lol dude she had an epic meltdown the other day. freaking hilarious.
you are not the first person to mention this
yeah, figured as such. :)
imo, battle of the bastards episode was not just "outstanding writing", but outstanding direction, execution &amp; writing !
yay ! bags the direction award as well ! take a bow !
i seen that on fb and was like
that nigga slid in like shhhhh this is just a dream
the tech is doable, basically pattern recog, cancer mutation seq + t-cell receptor dna sequence that kills it
we already have deep tcr sequencing just don't yet know context, that just takes case control data ie
...at this point they can't get any worse! had some nice stops in the red zone early but just too soft.
yeah they definitely can't i know they will fix this
have lost all respect for chris wallace on who cares about the birther issue -
chris wallace is a info whore. his loyalties are many. i just turn him off most of the time.
doing private matches until everyone get together
won't be until later. watching master of none right now.
hillary's 550% increase in syrian refugees would import 600k of those who have a tendency to blow things up and kill americans
just read syrian rebels supported by the us despise americans.chased american help out,even though they take american aid
lmfaooo that niggas still alive !? that's so creepy omg
that school was full of creepy teachers both male and female idc
i do know where maine &amp; nh are. last minute adjustments w/ the map &amp; live tv. thanks for the tweets. point was many states are very close
bret, seriously, and not blowing smoke. you are the most credible journalist on tv. bulletproof. ignore the harpies. do what u do
this presidential election cycle has shown me something very telling about the inner workings of the democrat vs republican parties.
im voting republican just for fun
unfortunately will be very busy doing bachelorette party things.
you should eat the chocolate now!
but then whipped out his charizard a little too readily imo
lol i was trying to figure out how to work in a charizard joke!
was just curious. i'm finally teaching myself ios dev because i wanted an app for myself.
it's never been a greater time to start. i started the year before swift was announced. i'm not the best at timing.
just want to point out that i was ahead of that one... style
hmmmm i bought mine spring 2015
aww d: lol it would be cool if they would let us edit them after instead of only in the beginning!
i know it would make it so much easier. funny thing is i once had all warlocks. lol when i first started at launch.
i will not accept battle of the bastards praise and i will die bad mouthing it.
woah woah woah hold up hold up hold up fam did you see the scene with the horses!??? you wildin
wish i knew how to handle stress
i gotchu candy
barring amazing turnaround this will make it 4 of 6 sessions of 90% advancers or decliners. last 4 of 6 period was april 4 - april 12, 2012
. /9/18/16.say wayne: trying 2locate a childhoodbuddyin jacksonheightsq; went to jhs145 in 1960s. is this u by chance? danielw
dam you've had a tough ass sports weekend
i know bro. not to mention my 3 fantasy teams played like ass, lost $30 and got bounced in suicide pool cause i picked detroit
the north america jerseys are especially the black jerseys
i need a white miller
your the worst
you know i'm so dead ass
that was probably really shitty for cosby's victims to hear that
to hear the fact he has emmy awards?
i won't be going to this year as they can't afford to fly me and pay for my stay.
ah man ... we're gonna miss you ... as it definitely won't be the same without you.
not only is this page harassing the nolan family but now they're harassing me. can everybody please report this page
show this shit to the police and find out who it is, people love to talk behind their screens.
we've learned from the best truth no longer matters all about the here and now the history of now,sleep well pepe
there is no history on this one. lol
i just want you all to know that i have apple cider cinnamon donuts in the kitchen for the morning. goodnight.
i got something round with a.... nevermind, goodnight
then jack del rio awoke to realize that it was all a dream, and he was still coaching the 2010 jags. :
could be worse. could be the 2016
and all after deepthroating all 3 of the jonas brother's dicks.
wait i thought she only fucked with joe...
hey come just out my new tumblr. it's really gross and embarrassing i promise.
of all the 4 people that liked this post that aren't private, half of them are porn bots
trump just had an amazing week with black voters [video]
black voters will be glad they voted trump!!!
beauties. beasts.
dude what's up with that listless guy on the right?
i woke up to the news that the cow was sold. guess there's no point in me coming home ever again.
wait what?!
saw on da base 2day &amp; realized how pathetic i am.i fangirld so hard wishd he cud hav stayed longer.
and the movie was amazing! i got mad respect for the cast, thank you for the screening!
right wing americans and right wing salafists desperately need one another
wouldn't be the first time either!
calling the ! tomorrow is day! want your original fan art signed by bey? tag your work &amp; w/
suck yuh madda bwoy
true, 'drunk' is indeed subjective, but generally meant as consuming several alcoholic drinks.
actually, 'drunk' is always subjective, aside from dui law objectively defining it as .08% bac.
that's who i wanted to win.
he deserved it
it's easier for some to embrace conspiracy theory than deal with institutionalized racism.
its proven that hillary's people where the ones that questioned obama's citizenship. why do you all forget??
thinking again about whether or not i want to try for ml next year...
that's what ml2nd is for
when it rains it pours fam....
lmao i literally tweeted that tonight when the dodgers lost in extras. smh.
while i realize studio phish is not live phish, why must trey have a hard-on for using so many horns in production? big boat sounds like tab
i love them
i haven't even seen them, they're so private (and rightly so) pero like i'm curious they've gotta be beautiful
they are so beautiful separately they must make beautiful kids
welcome to stan twiiter. if u have the right to express ur opinions why can't i? until next time bitch. bye now
well express your opinion towards others.... i don't give a fuck about you, or have i ever replied to one of your tweets? no
na, but we whooped y'all or na?
don't recall
i am convinced this dude is bad luck. saw him in miami w. woodhead the getup (pats lost), and last year at a bar
during the afc championship and then today. nice guy, great guy, bad luck guy
y'all can't tell me grease live didn't deserve to win
i'm telling you rn
has she won yet? i watching via twitter. lol
her category isn't up yet. i'm not hopeful. :( it's a huge category and ob gets no no love lol
yessss omg there's a girl that looks exactly like ms.boylan. i feel so bad, we use to make fun of every teacher
yo remember when we both had detention w her and you sat there painting your nails she was so mad!!!
go out and learn a new language now!
could not agree more. being fluent in 5 helps looking at problems from multiple angles!
harper just called her dog houdini and pussy eater in the same sentence
honestly, im not surprised
looking around my dungeon. appears some women kidnapped &amp; tortured a guy for 2 days, pausing intermittently to party before more torture
i hope they at least coiled the rope up neatly.
we did a quick day trip/lunch and had a riot. i was always a "keel" canoe guy until today. winisk turns on a dime!
indeed, i'd rather leave the steering up to me, rather than a keel
lmaoooo this can not be real
yoooo that was hilarious
game of thrones is one of my favorite shows but it leans a little less on the writing than on the dragons/swords.
i just want to watch season four
take a look at the best photos from the week in politics:
treasonous bastard. should stay in his country of choice. try for treason (death penalty). refuse amnesty. his choice.
but i could share it with loved ones!
yeah, but not me. so what's the point of that urge in yourself?
with that said, they need to figure out how to get even mediocre play from their lbs.
right? can we get mediocre play at mlb? not asking for luke kuechly; but not asking for heeney or smith either
we already know i'm a bad gay this shouldn't be big news
stranger things is great, but not really a "gay show" honestly. and i watch nothing on bravo or e. or got. because i have futurama
i don't think i've seen that video since the day it happened or maybe the day after
i saw it for days afterwards w/discussions of her health. what do we know of trump's health, why not discuss that?
i agree they have you all over but i told them to not promote me and they did take it down at least.
hey d, yeah you're posted all over nj. everywhere i go, i point out, "there's my friend dillion!"
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
. no empathy or soul. you are a vile, sick opportunist only looking out for your best interest. and willing to say anything.
questions for jill stein (and her monster). share with anyone who needs it.
when you nastily misrepresent someone with a strawman argument, you negate the validity of your already erroneous argument.
how about they're equal
i like both of them a lot!
no need to be sorry bby girl!
you're so cute thank you
like a cooler texas day :-)
. i thought i moved here from texas to escape 94 degree september days! &gt;_&lt;
what's with this awful practice of the music playing louder than the presenters before commercial break?
i'm silly. lol... thanks steph!
we can/should take a step back and pray mej .. joseph and aldon get here sooner
won't matter this season
forgive them, they live in texas!
the state that gave world rick perry and ted cruz! enough said!
lol does cortez not have wifi
basically not
. to chris wallace: the birther issue was raised by the clinton campaign in 2008.
potus is mixed! mom was white &amp; took care of him. black dad left both of them! obama is more white, from mom &amp; her parents!
harper just called her dog houdini and pussy eater in the same sentence
honestly, this doesn't surprise me
it's so smoosh - try deleting letters
do you think they just recorded someone making these sounds with their mouth?
yes rt : homosexuality is trained behavior? k.
walk away now before you get destroyed.
anyway, i've lost four followers with all this babble -- none of whom were blocked. good night.
tempted to unfollow to make it an even 5.
i agree they have you all over but i told them to not promote me and they did take it down at least.
hey d, i think you're even listed on the nj website under "stars appearing".
you could've just used 4 black women then lmao
that would defeat the purpose.. i'm saying that race doesn't matter when it comes to beauty.
^^^^ winning all my cash fd lineups and cashing (small money) all my gpps on fanduel. i know it was easy this week sucked on dk though
are you using the same info im using? i lost again this week in everything..
thanks kerry bishe for all the support of
that's beautiful
the writing for that show is terrible. need to cancel it.
b613"-that's what killed the show. it went from a show about a smart political fixer to a 3rd rate spy show.
questions for jill stein (and her monster). share with anyone who needs it.
also a vote for stein is a vote for stein, a vote against hillary &amp; trump, and a vote for neither. a child could grasp that
cnn's sally kohn: it's 'good' if conservatives feel unable to speak on campus
kohn looks like one of the animatronic mutant humans in total recall. the schwarzenegger one. horrifying, really.
i have no reason to show the world who i am.
you already have a reason. do you want to keep feeling this way?
omg this is happening in three days. i need streams. lol
i need a plane ticket hotel at the armani hotel, and restaurant. rome next to rafa!!! that's it
did you know you can program your xbox remote to work on your mac?!? i spent hours nerding out tonight. $5 and it's amazing.
lol what'd you play?
hello, new york!
i can see my house from there! :d
i've always resisted the idea that rohmer's protags have less wisdom &amp; judgment than we do. we have a better view, for sure.
about jerome i admit i have particular feelings: his whole persona rly viscerally grosses me out, confuses me
me eating a plant based diet that avoids animal products shouldn't offend you.
do your research before you start shutting down any ideas that go against what you've been accustomed to think.
blah blah blah. cant deny hes done more for ny than most anyone else. enough for me. deuces.
ny?? he put his name on some buidings. he put 3000 out of work in nj. he has lied about everything.
october will come and will have free time again.
and you'll be in the uk (and india?) super excited for you. i want to see you before that and give you your jacket
outdated is an adjective used to describe something not up to date
but the def. i gave, is "up to date". who says otherwise?
checking out . the latest attempt to get wifi across my whole house.
worked pretty well for me! long skinny house with old electrical, nothing else worked. interested to see how yours goes!
nope, trump already has it. you will see. no one likes kasich anymore. he is a snake
- you're reading the tea leaves again ...
i'll admit that house of cards has stumbled a little. especially in season 3, but they really get sero love and im annoyed
they picked it up this season tho...
human nature to focus on upside, not downside: why pope council formalized "devils advocate" role
while engineers' nature is to do the opposite, hence:
i'll try it out!
thanks for the rec. my take: fantastic reporting. can't stand the app
and yet it is a dead heat (or almost one)
would be incredible to see someone try to break down the earned media split to see if it bridges the gap.
i think i'm seeing things, but it seems as if the background of the background of katy's header is orange?
i swear this wasn't a typo
derek. haha derek carr is definitely not the problem.
i figured as much haha
rt if you are loving as the host of the !
! i am loving it! jimmy is from my hood and just so funny
i'm about to get all lex g on you folks. hold on to something.
i realize that i am wrong here. what i am about to say is wrong. but i was raised in the 1980s by intellectuals. as such, i am scarred.
outdated is an adjective used to describe something not up to date
"outdated" is still subjective, regardless. are the beatles 'outdated'?
questions for jill stein (and her monster). share with anyone who needs it.
finally, the ones to blame for trump r the dems who rigged an election for a corrupt warmonger over the better candidate.
thats 13 more than i have
lmfaoo we're both fucked then
well on that note,i think i'll go to bed
ha! good luck!
bc u tagged the makers of the product i was chucking at the ground excuse u
which would've resulted in what exactly?
walk away now before you get destroyed.
so you believe you're born being homosexual?
and unfortunately i hate to say it but joe cost us some games as well.
i think he will get one more chance especially since we were able to get rid of valuable players. but we have missed the playoffs
&amp; the 1975 jealous
i'll send you mad snaps
"outdated" is still subjective, regardless. are the beatles 'outdated'?
using your logic, the beatles are very outdated since newer music has "replaced" the beatles.
kellyanne conway teaching trump to pretend he is human. he will discard her the moment she isn't useful, just as he will his supporters.
and his third wife.
thanks. always thought par for stocks was kind of archaic. just made accounting tests slightly harder back in the day.
haha cr. par cr. apic. it's certainly nominal for all the big guys, .001 cent/sh often.
john oliver gets asked backstage at if he feels responsible for feeding the trump beast:
who the hell would ask him such a stupid question?
and unfortunately i hate to say it but joe cost us some games as well.
a couple of times under joe.
come see me i'll teach you "how to tie a tie"...little man!
how butch. sorry trump cheap made in china ties give me a rash
craving cup of noodles is that weird ?
yes, yes it is.
blah blah blah. cant deny hes done more for ny than most anyone else. enough for me. deuces.
blah blah blah doesn't dismiss his lies. he said he knows the captains of the navy ships off the coast of iran. he doesn't.
they've been sucking boston's dick all night
nespn (or bspn) , a part of red sox nation
work is so slow i lw want my stalker to come visit
okay, on my way
eat breakfast for dinner, lunch for breakfast &amp; dinner for lunch. that's the way it's supposed to go.
so what kind of breakfast did you eat for lunch today?
i realize that i am wrong here. what i am about to say is wrong. but i was raised in the 1980s by intellectuals. as such, i am scarred.
tv is falcon crest. tv is gimme a break. tv can never be good unless it is i, claudius. i am wounded, i am broken.
yeah. didn't do well on dk though. i'll post my lineups tomorrow
my lineup was eli/anderson/williams/odell/arob/kerley/james/lambo/seahawks, didn't put up 100 points this week.
if i got hit by a car sometime soon i would be 100% okay with it
wtf you tweeted this when you were hanging out with me
rt : hugest congrats to our for winning (cont)
number one fanfollowed all of you since day oneoutstanding, brilliant, amazing..love to all
omg my baby my sweet little muffin cake :(((((
i don't even see what the paper said
i really can't stress enough how impossible it would be to overthrow corruption.
you'd need 75% of the world to be on the right side. cant even get 20
outdated is an adjective used to describe something not up to date
in your opinion, the definition i gave is "not up to date". "up to date" is relative.
with a digipac! it worked awesomely
they are amazing! i got my underwater housing right before i moved, so i've never gotten to use it.
im the nicest person ever tbh but people think im mean bc of my face
literally my life
what part of "total and complete shutdown" of muslims entering the us didn't you understand?
if u read the press release u would kno it only pertains to immigration
appreciation for my little princess
the last picture i'm crying
nick is being activated having my two best friends spend those 72 hours with me i love you
love you too see you tomorrow
hillary's 550% increase in syrian refugees would import 600k of those who have a tendency to blow things up and kill americans
look at statistics of those who would enforce sharia &amp; those who approve isis activities. those who have assimilated speak out
thank you. that was thoughtful.
hi, glad you like it.i also saw video on poncho gonzalez, now he too a tremendous tennis champion.u r inspirations
at least obamacare is working as expected
single payor was always the plan. duh. wreck the system so we have but one choice.
in memoriam. go drink. or weep. or drink and weep. all valid choices.
oh dammit i'm doing both.
i saw the buccaneers score i was like i know bro is hurting rn lol
yeah that shit was painful. i wasn't expecting a win in the desert but was hoping for a tighter game at least. shit was bad
was strom therman. all other pro-slavery democrats remained in the democrat party.
b0b. 21st century. today's party agendas are unrelated to those of 150 years ago.
. to chris wallace: the birther issue was raised by the clinton campaign in 2008.
so chris wallace stop calling obama the 1st black president!u can call him a mutt president or mixed president
beyonc: *loses an award* the hive: that's racist beyonc: *gets bitten by a bug* the hive: that's racist
a black person has never won that award so ...
in your opinion, the definition i gave is "not up to date". "up to date" is relative.
the reason my def. is 'up to date', is because women still are incapable of committing rape.
so you believe you're born being homosexual?
no shit. the fuck.
and then force that animal to fight another one. michael vick go!
michael vick is a gym boss. "former athlete turned pokemon trainer. know for dark type pokemon such as houndoom."
the trump foundation is just a front for trump to pretend to give to charity: via
trump is running for president 2 better his business, don't give a shit about american, he will bankrupt us
"wish we could turn back time"
"to the good 'ol days"
she should have won last year. it would be a nice surprise if she won this year but i know what you mean.
she wasn't even nom'd last year was she? i know she won a gg right?
i'm so confused by the voice judges this year. miley and alicia keys? trying to aim for a demographic &amp; then have a legit judge?
oh i missed the voice, but i believe its recorded on my moms dvr! still waiting on a star from that show!!
motherless babies possible as scientists create live offspring without need for female egg
-this should please trump no end.
fred thompson died?
it's the series finale this year.
actually cried
shit has me fucked up
oooo great picture
right wcw material
the reason my def. is 'up to date', is because women still are incapable of committing rape.
until women grow penises, my definition of 'rape' will always be "up to date".
these in memoriam segments always get me choked up
alan rickman
for people who don't want to be hated you sure hate lot's of stuff
you're right - two things i hate are racism &amp; bigotry!
no shit. the fuck.
yeah i'll have to disagree here
our 8-year-old caught sight of an iphone 3gs that was hidden in a drawer and said it was the most beautiful phone he's ever seen.
maybe it's like seeing the tail fins of a '57 chevy for the first time.
she's legitimately amazing! "sola" is one of the best songs of the year.
yessssss. im obsessed. she's has what it takes... people just be haters.
the could have easily taken 3 out of 4 against the sox. that's sickening. that would put you 1 game behind the o's
now wasn't thw time for dellin to pitch very flat
tv is falcon crest. tv is gimme a break. tv can never be good unless it is i, claudius. i am wounded, i am broken.
this is prob something i need to discuss with a therapist. but i need to say these things once in a while. also: video games are for kids.
thank you !
have fun in iceland &amp; youre right !
i told you to look something up
i can't look up your opinion.
if you have an original apple watch and wear it every day, seriously consider upgrading, to at least a series 1. the speed-up is noticeable.
using stuff like hey siri is just night-and-day better and more responsive. worth every penny to upgrade in my opinion. series 1 is all win.
of course. how many manuscript pages did you want?
you can include first 10 in the body of the email and we'll request more if it's a good fit. thanks for checking!
and fire 's guitar tech for giving her a guitar that sounds like it was tuned with the capo on
this continues to be a garbage year for sound at awards shows. (and for most everything else, of course.)
eric promoting a non-confrontational solution on twitter? it's a banner day
read: kane is like my 5th favorite welles and valley is likely my fav ford so actually this is a stealth ford diss
my mom isnt making me go to school tomorrow
get ur ass to school ill have no one to talk to 2nd period
really outstanding work .. another 8 years and maybe we can get all costs running over 5%
do you prefer this guy?
sims 4! i remember the two hour drive back to the mountains after buying the original sims in 2000. the longest wait of my life.
is that fun to use a controller with?
its not in use by the organization you cited therefor irrelevant
it's irrelevant if my def. is "not in use" by the fbi.
got me looking so crazy in love // she played the version that plays in fifty shades of grey and i died!
i'm still dying that she played this version!
how do you still have a job as a coach
but he ain't wrong tho
sansa got like 1000 people killed for no reason. jon could've prevented a ton of deaths too. i really don't like it lol
these are true but man you just don't get an episode of that scale on tv. groundbreaking television
haha! right! it's not even october
yeah, this stuff is right next to the halloween shit.
you sound like my dad, who considered "die hard" ruined because "bruce wills never woulda caught himself in that elevator shaft."
but he was ok with the integrity of that firehose after the rooftop explosion?
my aunt michelle came out with me for some sunday soccer and made a new friend
our students do love making new friends
i'm guessing we can agree need help up front in middle of d and a less lethargic offensive scheme
ya, we need a lot of help.... still
i can but i am also in a caf and people here won't appreciate me talking out loud so imma do that cuando regreso a casa
i guess but veronica is always home so we can't get too nasty on skype
yeah i'll have to disagree here
i'm trying not to have this debate with you. you're wrong and i'm tight. so stfu,
this place makes me so happy.
best?!?! wow
the developers can build---were not at full communism yet---but we must make them build high # bmr
stop thinking in percentages. remember total numbers. also, you've exhausted my patience.
its not in use by the organization you cited therefor irrelevant
what is most relevant is that your def. is not in use by the law.
clinton, trump stuck on trading jabs, try to get back to policy in final weeks
needs to come clean about his overseas businesses and associates.
police union calls for boycott of miami dolphins
protests are not reserved for overpaid pampered athletes and music stars. punish them. make them feel the pain of their stupidity.
happy birthday beautiful love and miss you so much, i hope you're having a great day
thank you love i had a great day &amp; i'll be home tonight
three words: young mark harmon.
never forget
awe you definitely need to do it!!
i live on a lake now, but it's a murky lake. i bought it to use at the clear spring i used to frequent.
you don't know. speedy romeo
i want to get pizza with you!!!
. do u guys make special deliveries 2 tourists in airports this is an important question
you're leading the exact life i wish i was leading atm...go see motion city soundtrack for me
shipped something to the us which barely weighed anything but it still costed like rm21 fbdjjgdjfkg curse our economy
shipping is a fucking racket, they make so much money off of the like, handling fees or whatever
excitement in college for me is rushing to get my work done so i can spoil myself w netflix but it never happens!!???
why so relatable
y'all can try newrelic also.
i don't think they can monitor containers yet.
the national guard and nypd presence at is unreal right now.
if you don't think the ny gov't believes this was an act of terrorism...case and point. this type of high alert speaks volumes.
curb one of the greatest comedy shows of all time...fight me
why would anyone fight you? that's just facts.
saturday's attacks show that failed obama/hillary clinton polices won't keep us safe! i will make america safe again!
you are a horrible person. i can't wait to see you lose!
never been more proud of you. you are a special person who will always shine wherever you go
congrats! you must be so proud of alexander!
other than the cardinals... who has a better wr core than the giants?
jags when there not getting blown out
yo paul sparks can get it but only when he has a beard
for everyone wondering who that singing angel was, her name is
she's legitimately amazing! "sola" is one of the best songs of the year.
"sola" was a smart move except latinas pop stars can't get a break after selena was murdered.
awe you definitely need to do it!!
by next year, i'll have my hotel pool fixed.
shut up deh chps
my ass eh fat until i infirm
real bad who y'all got next week?
home opener vs the rams. i think jameis will respond strong at home. rams gonna be on their high horse after that win today
what is most relevant is that your def. is not in use by the law.
your definition is only in use by the fbi in matters of data-collection. fbi does not make laws.
9/23 - pomona, ca &amp;
9/24 - indio, ca &amp;
it's my last week at the chipotle @ nbnj. come visit
i don't think i can tbh lol it'd be a horrible experience for every1
us right now: imagine 9/11 lasting for 15 years so a handful of people can enjoy wealth.
domestic nyc explosions may be trump supporter trying to raise fears. why in chelsea? (symbol to hrc) * set off in dumpster * no deaths
samzies! well at least went to the consultation with it.
you wear it better!
but he was ok with the integrity of that firehose after the rooftop explosion?
the eye thing was a joke but i actually kind of hate dk and dkr
you're right - two things i hate are racism &amp; bigotry!
i love the way mama patsy always puts the racists in their place!
it was just as watchable as all of the other x men movies which, in reality, are fun but all complete messes
honestly the only thing i didn't like about it was that it spent time setting up future movies instead of telling its own story
still need to watch season 4
it's really good. do it!!!
jonathan banks comes out from the wings and takes the guitar away, calmly says, "no more 'hallelujah'" and walks off.
/rolls eyes as he leaves
it says "how to kick anxietys ass"
awwww when was he reading that
your definition is only in use by the fbi in matters of data-collection. fbi does not make laws.
basically, all you've cited is the fbi definition of 'rape' when fbi is collecting data.
for the rest of the year i will be doing free photoshoots to add new footage of all sorts to my portfolio if you are interest in being
painted on glittered on modeled and take risk dm so we can set up a date and time, insecurities are my best pictures.
10 days later, this tweet is still speaking to me. i feel like an agent. piles of soulless garbage, on the hunt for a gem.
haha, it's so true though! i'm getting bored with my music and i need discover weekly to give me something. i got nada!
jbj ties this game at 4 with an rbi single!!!
that was some piece of hitting to get that pitch. also: girardi just did a farrell impression, leaving a spent sp in 2 long
saturday's attacks show that failed obama/hillary clinton polices won't keep us safe! i will make america safe again!
wow. really? how would you have stopped this? speak abt seaside park first. what would you have done?
november 5th save the date if you're trying to come to a lit halloween party
i'll be there
you can't "speak negative" -- you can be "speaking negatively." i know plenty about you... we all do.
i haven't been following this, but a dump supporter is calling anyone else negative? really?
ofc "robbery" "natural causes" "car accidents" ect ect ect
in that case............
yusssssssss
top5 top5 top5
on campus we need to be actively soliciting . she's preaching conformity. 2/2
agreed. my sole concern here is the false framing of an isolated quote, as that seemed designed to inflame.
titans recovered 18 of 20 in their 7 wins in 2013.
woof. sometimes there's just nothing you can do.
pokmon go plus is not off to a great start for some users - polygon. bugs.
poor google. they've really lost the momentum. you could say that their performance has been on a downward trajectory for several years now.
what does that have to do with a great crowd???
crowd is nice....they want to leave the garbage hole they call home...its one of the worst places ever.
depends on which rookie is going to the postseason. personally i'd just give it to tyler naquin (cle) and call it a day.
naquin has been very good year-round, but ten years from now are we going to remember his rookie season, or 's?
pictures from node.js interactive are up, you can see bearded me.
aaaaaaigh! on second reaction, that look suits you
what is most relevant is that your def. is not in use by the law.
cite me one law or case example where your definition of 'rape' takes precedence.
hes on the emmy snap story
oh shit i have to watch!
always bringing down the jamaican people with ignorance.
see my initial tweet for a reply
i hate conceited bitches
&amp; u niggas be gassin them up too
watch: castellanos says there is an "otherness" about pres. obama this morning on
shitbag of humanity, be thy name!
best quote of all time "nobody ever got hurt taking a profit." -
cant belive jim liked my tweet.
this sounds good! however my last few reads involved cults/murder/war/&amp; nazis.promised myself a break due to nightmares lol(?)
that book is an emotional roller coaster! where'd you go bernadette? and what i was doing while you were breeding are happier!
trap beat (out the trenches) instrumental
looooove it
always and forever a capricorn
real shit tho
also i just heard blake shelton (lol) say that it starts tomorrow night, so i don't think you've missed anything yet.
okay, i watch the voice my mom dancing with the stars.
spoke to nyfd- they think a transformer blew up under wiloughby. they checked &amp; took off pretty quickly so i think all is well.
ohh, thanks for sharing! glad it wasn't anything too serious.
&amp; if i do watch it i stress the whole time cause ik i should be doing st else its so hard!!
again so freaking relatable
y'all will win that one
i hope bro. got playoff aspirations. gotta win those type of games.
the saddest part of the in memoriam is the "loaded crazy bread bites" commercial.
loaded crazy bread bites: the in memoriam for the rest of us.
she was and viola won. viola's a great actress too
ah.. that's right. it's such a big category!!
basically, all you've cited is the fbi definition of 'rape' when fbi is collecting data.
when the fbi is not in the process of collecting data, your def. is useless.
dear , sorry about what i said earlier. i was way out of line. looks like i saved my work before the update. we cool?
there's no excuse for forced updates.
that book is an emotional roller coaster! where'd you go bernadette? and what i was doing while you were breeding are happier!
they have a nice travel inspiration to them too!
that's so fucked up that they even can do that
it is :( as me and you could have just plastered promos all over nj and then just had you appear at a club.
dear white people birtherism is and always was racism. by definition. it's also why trump gets 1% support from black folks.
once again, hillary's campaign started it. it's all on record.
&amp; the most deceitful untrustworthy corrupt money-grubbing big-business candidate in political history
your an idiot sittler!! take your meds!!
one of the most beautiful songs ever written. and well performed at the
jeff buckley's version is my fav. another talent gone to soon.
us senator makes secret trip to iran | rehmat's world
what was the need to include he is gay. he just went to iran for conference is all that was needed to say
i'll fly the confederate flag. just to prove people wrong.
your behavior shows us who you are inside. americans know what that flag means.
not loaded. two on. my bad.
is the crowd still lit, doe?
we're not friends anymore
you want to be my woman and my friend ? you making sense ?
i kinda regret that decision kinda wish i could bring it back
yea me too it was a hasty decision on your part not gonna lie now the world can't see what a wonderful thread
do you do kids photos for a living?
photog's child. my dad cld always get a kid to smile.
oh great just in time to see ortiz hit one to fucking maine cool :):):)
kel and i are going to maine in oct. i'll bring it back and throw it back on the field tbh.
you and your nicknames but i'll miss you see you in 19 days
gonna miss ya too steve
when u think is in front of u
o shit that my truck
what is most relevant is that your def. is not in use by the law.
feel free to cite a case where a woman has ever been charged "with rape".
if you ever come to houston please let us know!!
- i will do it! haven't played there in a while. hope to soon.
can we get jared cook involved please
no, need him to have as few points as possible to win this week
9/24 - indio, ca &amp;
10/1 - santa ana, ca &amp;
i bought it for her
he didn't ask you that
and allowed ben affleck to star in it, with anna kendricks as his love interest
i am so confused haha
&amp; u niggas be gassin them up too
they swear they kim kardashian like u really think u that bad ??
i just got chills from that gene wilder scene.
and i completely forgot he was on will and grace!
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
i'm sure those warm regards you sent out yesterday are making them feel better.
.: "hispanics &amp; republican hispanics in particular want border security."
absolutely i am latino and i want the border closed
have you been to citi field yet?
nahhh. not something that falls into my line of interests.
let's get this right we just had a triple terror attack, and all 3 news networks are on replay? who's running media now?
we obviously need a 24/7 news network still. amazing in almost 2017 and one does not exist.
looks like a good week ahead now that mercury will go direct this week. finally!
thanks for sharing love!
you can't change the world, adam.
not by yourself
have lost all respect for chris wallace on who cares about the birther issue -
who cares personally i think he was hatched.
i can't wait to go to the daycare tomorrow and cuddle my babies, they make me so happy fuq
can't wait to get cute baby snaps
the deaf women who raped a boy in england were in the news
and where is the source?
by participating in local politics. showing up to meetings. getting others to show up to local townhalls. be involved.
we all did that, and my wife and i campaigned for sanders, then the dnc corruptly rigged the primary against him. not again.
all cause i said she doesnt have hooded eyelids. can u believe it lol i actually really liked her but i hit that unfollow
ew she fake as fuck
welp, off to ibiza
praying for you
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
delete your account.
i need to start watching this, don't i?
you really do, it's a gem! a murderous english gem. first episode is way weird though, it's not all like that, fair warning.
let's get this right we just had a triple terror attack, and all 3 news networks are on replay? who's running media now?
we obviously need a 24/7 news network still. amazing almost 2017 and one does not exist.
no one but you's got me feeling this way
couldn't have said it better myself
first time hearing this, but i see it as taking a "stand" for something bigger than sports. i see it as human equality.
nothing wrong with that. my question is more is it possible to fight two major fights at once w/ her more limited platform?
you know a girl is ratchet when she can rap you a whole anuel aa song
deadass read this while i was bumping to anuell
prepping my new gig "the breaks" created by a bad ass brotha &amp; dope director seith mann! shooting in nyc &amp; harlem
congratulations neema
;)) i'll do more than play with your hair
you've played with my heart you nit whit
twitter feminists, have y'all actually done anything for women outside of this app or do y'all just come on here to hate men &amp; look stupid
we just spoke about this
the deaf women who raped a boy in england were in the news
unless those deaf women had penises, i don't see how they could have "raped him".
can we get matching ones
i will twin with you every day
your bro is killing my two fantasy teams please fix ty
so happy to see it is this time of year again
meanwhile, conservatives are 1000% convinced now that "the government" "forced" those corporations to give out mortgages
also obamacare is a scam because people just didn't want to buy health insurance
ha, there he is, henry winkler, this year's emoji!
looks more like jon snow.
slow for that
just tryna go for the culture lol
david, do you think sju will beat out blue bloods for some elite talent in recruiting classes in years to come?
it all depends on how they do on the court.
lol, trumps lies every-time he opens his trap
how about the way she looked last night? needed tooth picks to prop up her eyelids! that's a leader?
he's a wonderful singer, not a "big voice" but he sings with such honesty and emotion.
many kinds of voices out there, whitney wasn't the most powerful voice, but her voice was just spectacular, with tone, etc.
both my and your skin color shouldn't matter. we are people, not colors.
we live that. the right talks about it when they want to win an election.
in all seriousness though, they have to handle it in house. scheme/benching...etc. help won't come player wise until 2017.
exactly. the scheming, or lack thereof is really concerning
food-doghouse. touristy-yosemite, kings, sequoia np's or in town forestiere gardens.
all great suggestions!
i thought we'd all agreed we wouldn't abuse hallelujah like this anymore
i was also just shouting about this, it's just...cheap at this point
me in the background realizing my life is in shambles
me trying to figure out beauty in the beast in french
i've said this before but i think if the nhl spent more money on the overall tv production of games it would grow the game big time.
please elaborate.
artwork by: mike allison
saucy as fuk
lol i was trying to record the clip mid flag run. didn't work out so i just waited until the end lol
dude that ninja was insane. g fucking g
ur an idiot
cheerie-bye, cupcake!
classic dessert with a new spin!
i need to come over to bake with you guys adapter
captain america civil war, and batman v superman - two movies that could have been quickly resolved with a 5 minute conversation.
romeo and juliet and imessage stickers
vocalist of her generation!!!
unbelievable voice!
my definition aligns with the states penal code roughly
cite me a penal code statute that establishes that a woman is capable 'of rape'.
exactly bro
. just gotta get through this long depressing week
this act of missing playoffs and winning rec flies in some other places but not here but then tc got 5 years be4 mets made ws
and the giants gave tc so many chances after we won the sb in 2011
my definition aligns with the states penal code roughly
i hear you claiming that, but u fail to cite any sources.
10-4. im still with him
he said he saw 1000s of muslims dancing in the streets of jersey city. he didn't.
by participating in local politics. showing up to meetings. getting others to show up to local townhalls. be involved.
a party doesn't get to say fuck you to its progressive members by rigging for a warmonger and then tell us to vote for them.
and texas,children, rick perry,ted cruz,oh people with eating disorders
i dislike rick perry &amp; ted cruz for their bigotry, i haven't said a word about all the rest of your nonsense!
what's the abbreviation stand for duh
it's the name not an abbreviation .....
kill the toss play gb
sapp knows about the toss...
thanks so much man :d
if you ever want to collab hit me up. i recently have been switching up my content.
what's the story? media complicit in covering a green screen 'fake' rally? is that sick?
there is nothing genuine about this evil woman, absolutely nothing.
.: "hispanics &amp; republican hispanics in particular want border security."
all my latino friends are voting for trump
the document he produced was not real from the era. why do you care what i think?
it was his birth certificate. i'm interested in how people can still believe he's not from here since all evidence is to contrary.
no bc lmaooo tea lmaooo were either too emotional or not emotional at all
honestly. sometimes i dead feel like i lack empathy and other days i feel like i could burst into tears if i kill a fly
*switches from beer to bourbon
i respect it
id be pissed
id be pissed to. don't ever take away a computer.
don't think i've ever dealt with people as incompetent as , iphones simply don't show up each year. wish would stop using them.
if that's how you talk publicly about entire companies (calling people who work there idiots) it might be karma
this girl just came up to me and said "oh my god....you were on americas most wanted" ... yes..yes i was...nailed it
priceless.. america's most wanted...lol
we need your support to get to the white house and defeat . let's make america great again!
zero experience real estate guy for president? let's also grab some guy of the street to pilot our next airline flight!
and we all know who keeps them comfortable. you. can. not. win. lol.
u need famous ppl to tell regular ppl to do or not do something
i wouldn't trust trump. he will expect something in return later on. watch out!
i'm being factious... he gives nothing away.
thanks b catch these hands
i got shit faced last night and i thought about you catching these hands
he's a wonderful singer, not a "big voice" but he sings with such honesty and emotion.
now christina aguilera, has a big voice, and can bring it!!
i don't think i've seen that video since the day it happened or maybe the day after
the media has hated the clintons for decades. i've seen it since 1991. it is a lie that hillary isn't trustworthy, etc.
great show. great.
all-time favorite show
definitions can be outdated, music cannot
'definitions can be outdated, music cannot"&lt;--thanks for your opinion.
who the hell would ask him such a stupid question?
he should have just taken the emmy he just won 4 absolutely skewering trump w nothing but facts &amp; whacked them with it.
honestly the only thing i didn't like about it was that it spent time setting up future movies instead of telling its own story
everything else about it was honestly as good as the other films
come see me i'll teach you "how to tie a tie"...little man!
btw, "little man" here worked as a bouncer on bourbon st. ;)
"game of thrones" wins outstanding directing in a drama series
like it should!
i think twitter has become part of my slow suicide regimen. obviously.
, i say this because i care. log out, lol.
the document he produced was not real from the era. why do you care what i think?
and you also started the convo with me, not the other way around.
"zombie hillary makes bizarre statement on plane after nyc bomb explosion... [video]"
know the facts lmfao a bombing everyone that did not think this was a bombing is an asshat .
saturday's attacks show that failed obama/hillary clinton polices won't keep us safe! i will make america safe again!
. you are a sick, sadistic opportunist turning a situation into a lie or political statement. you will destroy this country.
someone come visit me tuesday &amp; wednesday in sf please
this offer is still valid ^^
'definitions can be outdated, music cannot"&lt;--thanks for your opinion.
who says that a definition "can be outdated"? what is your source?
wth are you talking about?
kasich what are you talking about?
u glamping or that inside a ?
a really nice estate
10/1 - santa ana, ca &amp;
10/2 - ocean beach, ca
starks stopped short of first down. vikings take over at their own 13
mccarthy shoulda been gone a while ago
i think i'm catching that cold that's been going around :(. freezing cold and just can't get warm!
sorry to hear that :( im just getting over that cold it really sucks.
as he presents, wishing congrats on his award for guest actor in !
fabulous performances. especially the singing! impressive hank
trump is a bully who has finally had his lifetime bluff called. it's a real life wizard of oz moment. there is nothing behind the wall.
and if there is a wall, mexico isn't building it.
and claire danes in schiaparelli is good, but her fake tan is just wrong.
omg are those two a couple?
i want my money
come hang at the yimby clubhouse and i'll give you a beer.
nothing wrong with that. my question is more is it possible to fight two major fights at once w/ her more limited platform?
now no one in soccer is talking about the uswnt &amp; their fight for equality. they're not talking about racial inequality...
me when i found out is having 16 in toronto
you going? how long/when is it?
when wyclef from the black eyed peas almost beats you up for taking pictures of him
that's not a real person
what is david ortiz's biggest moment? our big papi bracket asks fans to choose his greatest achievement: vote:
for his uncanny ability to juice his way to hero status in boston penalty-free
hey ill be there
take them solid pics!!
2k people actually wanna listen to you?
probably 1800 have me muted. the chocolate giveaways usually give me a twisted idea off mutes.
now no one in soccer is talking about the uswnt &amp; their fight for equality. they're not talking about racial inequality...
they are talking about her kneeling. not the issue she even wants people to discuss.
radke and lzzy love the creek! thanks for a fun day!
no, don't thank me. i thank you.
turns out beyonc can beat anyone -- but a classic.
becky with the limp hair have a seat
i hate the fact that my phone is so overloaded w. pics i have to constantly delete memes / pics in order to take more. time for a new phone!
galaxy note 7 is the best they be back out sept 21
but you're throwing away your vote!!!
blender. absolutely in the blender.
i need a parent to break this down for me. is she funny or did she go too far.
this shit is only funny when the teacher is uber-hot and i get to be the student.
where you going
we went to pine flat. monaf caught a bass everyone else didn't catch shit nah
mccarthy is a fool. 4 and 12 made him look good. offense is predictable and defenses know it now.
jumbo package needed
only positive of this collapse is maybe girardi gets canned
not a chance
some guy totally asked me today if this is california... lol well yes sir you are indeed in california
then proceeded to ask me if it's legal to purchase alcohol at holiday. .
some girl just told me she looked at my dogs instagram and got band recommendations from the merch he's wearing in the photos. love that.
a lot of my friend's bands and locals bands are on his instagram so that makes me even more stoked that attention is brought to them.
when you're trying to work but a pokemon shows up at your desk
tbt to when u actually worked
curled up with ff8 and pizza.
sounds like a perfect night...mmm pizza &lt;3
why are reese's sooooooo addicting?!
chocolate &amp; peanut butter
the source you yourself provided
i do not see the word 'outdated' in my source,
omg are those two a couple?
someone please give an to ! we need him back on stage again!!
whats yr email
jwthornton at gmail!
right? tight game on the road - take the points
yea kick fg seems obvious running on 4th with starks is not good. bradford will get a td he's killed secondary all game
uhhh, well, i did not know the incredibles was a rip of the watchmen. i'm only 20 pages in but...yeah?
i probably should have tweeted that 12 years ago.
dog house grill. tri-tip sandwich and
yes, also the fries!
i do not see the word 'outdated' in my source,
therefore it is not a fact that my def. is "outdated".
"our beef is farm-raised &amp; massaged anally with rare palm oils from jerusalem-" whoa nice nice. this whole bit? skip it. give the burger.
my pitch for burgers generally goes "we use some high-octane shit and our method for making the patties is rad. they tasty"
niggas got $ chilling in ubers and shit
i deliver people &amp; kicks, even had a passenger cop one off me once
"game of thrones" wins outstanding directing in a drama series
the north remembers!
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
when are you going to release your tax returns? what are you hiding?
smart. and that chocolate is the tits
tits are the tits
i'd not have anyone else. however the lack of reps in preseason is quite evident!!
you'd be tired if you had her at home too
yes ... very much so . and so do millions of other .
ha -- what a pic. and what an election cycle...
i was allllllllllllll the way here for ghost and tasha getting it on tonight however neither of their sex faces was cute
. yeah same here
bob, are you a fan of james burke's connections series (and books)? found them all on youtube...
haven't .. i think i've heard of it, though. sounds interesting.
aw man. maybe it's just being old or maybe this was a really awful year with a ton of terrible losses.
sadly may be getting old. used to feel like stars of yesteryear except for few shock deaths. now
turkey's islamic fashion revolution, via
dear mr. arango, i'm a student at fordham university and i was wondering, could i ask you a few questions about this article?
this shit is fake because it's sending on the same day lmfao
and cause the last text lol texts don't send that shit
i got stefan diggs on the bench smfh
me too. i should of played him. he'd be sucking tonight instead of killing us. fml
just simply amazing to see james starks getting critical carries. he's so terrible - as is mccarthy.
team is such a mess. someone needs to get out of the way
exactly. its not
right. i never claimed that my def. "is in use by the fbi".
10/2 - ocean beach, ca
10/9 - temecula, ca
stadium was loud and they come out hella weak. smith is garbage, heeney is , our d-line is overrated. it's not on coaches
might as well start the a rookie at mlb man i'm so over heeny bro
right. i never claimed that my def. "is in use by the fbi".
i merely provided a definition.
wish i could. waiting to get my arm looked at...because of catching. haha
damn, well if you even want to come watch. we're a fun group :)
i'm tired of this election.
needless to say, your right cheryl. i've no idea what are you talking about.
someone come play bo3 on xbox or ps4!! i'm bored!
how about plants v zombies 2?
aye y'all i'm about to set up a go fund me for my horse collar fine i'm about to get today...
next week u could play db.king don't trip..
ok. u got the scoop on don. got it
he wants you to hate people for things they aren't doing, only for the color of their skin or their religion.
would like to sign my emails with "- i" but like is it an l or is it an i?! and who knows and this is a dumb thing to think about
seems like a legit problem. i'd go with the lowercase i
girl vegas isn't even happening
you may not know this, but it totally is.
i watch these in memoriam things and say "omg, so-and-so died??" i've got to keep up.
i had the same reaction. i mean i loved molinaro. how did i not know that!
yeah, see, you got your priorities right. you wouldve loved growing up in providence.
said no one ever
i've come to the point where my college football team is just complete ass imma have ride it out with the ravens lol
yeah you's will be straight. got the o's too bro. i'll be at opacy with on saturday.
spent too much money on food this week &amp; i'm currently living la vida broka but i still want so ima get me some
i used to be ok with $50 meals in europe but fucccckkk circumstances change
what is bloodline?
omg awesome netflix show about a family starts really slowly but for a reason. it just gets in your head
and really i guess there is exactly your point-it has to be worth putting on my phone. i don't need a new weather app.
exactly. in 2008 the app store was a novelty. now it's a utility to find something you already know. which is fine.
trans people will no longer sit back and be a target of bigotry.
you all deserve respect and name calling is never acceptable. i agree.
but yet all u do is point out everyone's insecurities n throw it in their face knowing that u know that that's their insecurity
thats u too marlon wth
ive been looking up when mercury comes out of retrograde and have had 0 results so far so basically we're all fucked
mercury went direct today, it goes retrograde again in december doyyy
lmfao nah wow i feel betrayed
it was worse w the caption
nope!! has an obsession with . 90% of his tweets are for djt &amp; almost everyday
becuz mark is a billionaire, smart, and understands the gravity of being president
you're crazier than richard daystrom right now! tv has long since passed film in form,structure, production, quality,etc \_()_/
do not speak to me of logic!
another new playbill? gosh, i really need to see this again.
yes a new playbill.
9 ugly lessons about sex from big data
ugly prostitutes
looking forward to them winning a prestigious award for finally explaining "breaking the seal"
that's nobel laureate level,no one understands the delicate combination of mathematics, physics, biology and psychology involved
good covergae of us elections from an indian perspective this week big fight . looking for more such!
thanks so much, more ahead!
just showed me his choreography for a britney number where she "pours a bucket of bleach on herself &amp; everything turns white".
this is such a genius idea
if my fav shows of the past year were the good wife, people vs oj, house of cards, and the night of, what should i watch next??
whats this other account? also - mr. robot
how do you finesse a 4-5pg paper on a silent movie? rt with the answers
talk about your reaction to it &amp; how you can identify/relate with the movie rather than trying to summarize it lol
10/9 - temecula, ca
11/4 - guam
saturday's attacks show that failed obama/hillary clinton polices won't keep us safe! i will make america safe again!
. real question -- what policy ideas/changes do you have that would have prevented these attacks?
q5: what quote or saying would you like to see on a hat?
haha i like it simple and empty. let my legs do the talking.
well naquin's an indian so probably not, to be fair though, most roys have been pretty forgettable.
fair enough. i don't think either britton or sanchez will win any of the major awards, but if one does, so should the other.
neighbor broke up with his girl, can tell because he's blaring breakup songs and singing them at full volume
hope he's at least got some stabbing westward going in there.
i merely provided a definition.
i merely said us law does not consider women capable of 'rape' since women don't have penises.
i don't see girardi getting fired because ownership punted on this season so they're looking at these games as gravy. that's my guess.
hes out why wouldnt u challenge idk man
i agree. so is lw. but their sequels and subsequent knockoffs aren't.
oh yeah they're (mostly) garbage
i you, , but i've been on the ground for 20 minutes and just found out they pulled us into the wrong gate. gonna miss the flight
good luck! hopefully can pull a few strings for you!
i'm so bad at binge watching. it's pathetic.
we couldn't stop, but then it got so intense i had to take a break because i was freaking out lol
im so proud that ive made guys cry before
ur the devil
acting like you won't be coming with me :-)
you already know if there are clowns i'm out
i have not seen i, robot. or bloodline. or better call saul. or house of cards.
or the americans.
uhhh, well, i did not know the incredibles was a rip of the watchmen. i'm only 20 pages in but...yeah?
i actually wrote a short script before reading the watchmen and seeing the incredibles that was the same premise. it happens
ugh. seeing john &amp; patsy ramsey again creeps me the fuck out, no matter what really happened.
i was in boulder w/my ex-husband the weekend they found her. looking back, i should have taken the hint.
nothing. i was sick lol.
with a cold or mud butt?
y'all can exit my mentions now, it's my opinion and every song listed is great. get out your feelings
not in my feelings. but don't tweet shit if you can't respect nor take others opinions. smh!
not when eric dickerson or walter payton running it
haha fair point! when do you think they work in modern nfl?
netflix was the worst thing to ever happen to my grades
did you finish those greys episodes?
is this not the saddest thing you've ever seen
not the saddest, but it's pretty sad
he just said hc was margaret thatcher in a pantsuit. ffs! i can't with these people.
um, wouldn't that be a good thing if he were actually a republican?
what's the name of the young woman who sang during in memorium?
tori kelly. she was in the pepsi commercial last year, the one with her in the subway car
they sound like brazilians. new york brazilians. new school for social research brazilians.
yeah. i heard the accent on that one woman. new school. big crowd...
what dates are you actually traveling around? i'm going to be there for most of october.
all of october
"please tell me you're seeing this too." amazing opening line.
i'm good with this. wanted rhys, but this is totes cool as well.
science of sexy: 5 things that can make you irresistible
this is garbage.
tbh same. and i can turn the ruthless shit on and off too like if i really wanna ruin a bitch life i have no emotions
same im usually really calm and timid but when i start to run my mouth its deadass over
that scene was incredible
still get chills from that scene. it was so important.
dude i'm reading the second book i haven't read it in a long time and i forgot how intense it is! im in love all over again
imagine how intense the movie is going to be! it needs to be february already
all i want right now is to look into those beautiful brown eyes again
what yhe fuck
a little salty about rhys, but ok
aren't we all, ? aren't we all?
wouldn't be mad if it won again, either.
rooting for but yes is brilliant
the new are supposed to take sharper, better photos. do they? results from our initial testing:
they better take better photos, that really is one of the only reasons someone would upgrade
i'd reciprocate with some other line from one of them but only saw each once and tried to forget them
liked bateman begins though. maybe because it's shorter?
i have finished my latest binge today anyway (the originals) and need something else so...i will give it a try!
midsomer murders is still going actually, but i'm planning to jump ship when original barnaby leaves. it won't be the same...
and another poke place is opening up here.... and it has burritos too.
ugh next weekend is going to be packed again.... so many food events
if you ain't going to the kanye concert are you really even a fan ?...
yes . but i'm not an only child &amp; my parents wouldn't give me 300 dollars . . ps: jk i love you.
freshman abby was so immature
junior abby is still the same
ya they are trash
but her other statue's gonna be like 10k
your joining this argument supporting people who have said those things
no ma'am, when i see words like "tranny" i step in. as a christian, all god's children deserve respect.
come see me in edison, nj! nov 4-6. signing cards, posters, and dvds. booth 311
wow, wow, wow ... you're not bringing that booty with you, are you? jersey will never be the same ;')-
well damn, rami pulled an upset.
sam esmael's fiancee suggested rami for the role. emmy rossum.
now all i can think about is tori kelly crushing end of the road.
it would be so good!
" down the drain " w detail
can we be friends
next week u could play db.king don't trip..
what's up with &amp; giving all that up.let them know bruce lee isn't having it .
the fantastic four parallels with incredibles are strong and undeniable.
oh definitely. it drew from a lot of super hero stuff for sure. just felt very directly watchmen reading the first 20 pages.
is hillary clinton using a laugh track?
yep, that's a laugh track. good lord.
1) the original position is still on website. 2) are you talking about teleprompter trump or real trump?
this is the original position with the date of release and everything. dec, 8, 2015
you gonna remember your friends now that you're a millionaire?
i'll be so happy to have enough money to pay off my student loans i'll call all my friends.
oh shit ur the driver. i def dont trust u now.
son i'm vip rated 4.8 &amp; all that, bout to start moving loudpacks thru that bih
it would be a more impressive achievement than discovering the nature of dark matter
far more applicable science for most people
wait... how the fuck did kevin spacey not win that?!
because that show is terrible sophi
look i know louisville beat fsu....but jumping 10 spots in the polls into the top 3?!? come on. that's stupid. it's week 3 dude
who has michigan played?
when she calls you both juan
there can only be juan
all my latino friends are voting for trump
sean i watch ur program every day u r always spot on keep fighting for the cause god bless u
lmao whatever that means man
you know what it means
i just spent 10 minutes aggressively trying to convince my mom that the big bang theory is one of the worst sitcoms evr 2 b made
"i really like sheldon he is very funny" -lakshmi why do i even try. what is the point of anything in life anymore
great tribute. great garry marshall impression too.
i had the pleasure of meeting him once, he's a wonderful man
fwst_officiel @ festival...
hello rebecca! thanks for the follow! i truly appreciate! it! you cracked me up! anyway good night! glad to meet u!
right. i never claimed that my def. "is in use by the fbi".
and your fbi definition is only relevant in regards to data-collection.
lucky!! i miss london. have fun! &lt;3
anything you recommend? haven't spent much time there
hi, my name is jessica. i've never seen game of thrones.
loljess. but welcome to our support group.
coast guard annouced east river closings in advance. was boat not getting uscg info?
great point.
ok lmfao i am fucking pissing at how real this is
i think this every time i touch a remote control tbh
criticize me, if u want; it doesn't make a vas deferens to me, as i am the master of my domain. ;)
i don't shrink from confrontation either!
i want to hear the rest of the new york bible
same we need it for the culture
bay area! i'm playing at temple sf next friday (23rd) from 12am - it's my debut show there, come hang out! i also...
i'd be interested in guest list, if that is an open offer. i haven't been to temple in years!
it's all about the director speaking the bridge.
omg amazing. halloween costume goals
mud butt? lmao. no i have a cold.
lol , oh ok.
describe the symptoms
runny nose, sore throat, massive headaches
i look at like a fat kid looks at cake
your new boo
what color?
not all the way positive yet
that's what's up all three of us gotta catch a game one day you two seem like good people's to me
you already know bro! that's my man!
i mean that's fair
expensive kouhai
amazing! how can i help?
i don't even know! we might be connecting with a chemist in ecuador...
for the record, i made it to wayne rogers before i started crying. i miss my dad.
i forgot wayne rogers died d:
you horn me whole summer
with???????
keri! please! please!
fell off of orphan black but tatiana maslany is a rock star so i can't be mad.
same w/ jets keeping rex for years after 11 collapse and sane w/ tannenbaum who i wanted out after 08 collapse
so with all this joe will most likely return in pinstripes. yanks blow a 4-0 lead and the sox tied it. no lead is safe smh,
it's that a newspaper shouldn't call for its sources to go to jail.
what's "a source"? wapo/snowden is different than nyt interviewing a murder suspect and calling for him to go to jail, right?
i usually won't slander a coach's call but god that was awful
i will. that was the dumbest @#$% call imaginable.
i guess dr. alveda king, mlks niece is head kkk leader.
"alveda king, the niece of martin luther king jr., won't officially say which candidate she is pulling for..."
seriously stafford over carr?!
i knowwwww
which network so you think would be better for it?
any premium network. show like doesn't shouldn't have commercials interrupt it. imo
thats not my opinion, exactly, and i said learn the difference between fact and opinion
you have been citing nothing except your own opinions this entire time.
refusing to even entertain the idea that game of thrones is the best written show on tv. absolutely not.
"battle of the bastards" was one hell of an episode and deserves nothing less than a win (or two) though
body suits are so cute but i feel like an infant having to unbutton them
i'd imagine getting laid while in a body suit is probably pretty awkward like here let me undo my jammies
nigga u lag host and everyone knows washed mroron youd never chall in a bo3 and beg to cancel on my host haha
wtf are u saying why would i ever beg to cancel vs you you never won a fuckin thing and you never beat me
spend that check and get it rite bck.
how we live
nigga said brooklyn a good place. my man aint nothing good about bk, except that cuchifrito spot near mcd's
yo brooklyn poppin' , ask all the white ppl moving there driving the prices up, it's the next manhattan
why didn't you allow it when there's clearly a market demand?
who is the "you"? gov zoning would not allow it to be converted into housing.
amazing! how can i help?
for further support; i'm arranging time in our makerspace 4 tinkering...
i've beaten plenty a bouncers ass...i'm a highly trained veteran!
sounds more like you're an alcoholic douche with anger issues.
adrian peterson's vision is terrible
the packers are terrible
ugh, my finger got in the way of the picture
yo i took the same pic what's up
he has ruthless pragmatism
just as you do. i see now. you both have more in common than i initially realized.
when you realize your prof assigned an essay to be due the same day as your test
... and you have an essay for another class due the same day
here's the us military code:
military law is not relevant, as the military makes their own rules up.
# patriots/ domestic terrorists? stood up 2 heavily armed blm tried land grab of bundy cattle ranch april 2014.
anti-government groups are terrorists, honey. the blm manages that land. it's not yours for the taking.
please assist, twitter: wtf is in sherlock's glass here -
it looks like it's melting into a foam on top of the liquid. some kind of whipped cream?
recently mutually followed a kid on instagram who i used to have a bit of a crush on and he is such a fuckboi.
but also the guy you had a crush on in middle school so it's alike a very warming feeling of attractive repulsion.
i know! are we the only ones watching the americans?
i think a lot of people wash it but the emmys are weird
11/4 - guam
11/12 - ventura, ca &amp;
mr robot wins the emmy for both most staring into space and worst possible twist in one very emotional night
is there a category for ripping off fight club
you're born that way is all im saying
same. why would anyone choose to be treated different?
spend that check and get it rite bck.
how we living
his strategy all along is to muddy the water. still have no clue what really thinks on issues
thats cuz ppl only listen to how the media portrays it, his written position has always been up on his site
great we aren't bigot's. is that your go to thing?
calling women "trannys" on twitter is very bigoted. needs to stop.
someone please give an to ! we need him back on stage again!!
altho kyle chandler would deserve that too
military law is not relevant, as the military makes their own rules up.
you also are not allowed to have free speech in the military.
update: all classes including afternoon and evening classes are canceled at our flatiron location today.
are classes still scheduled for tomorrow (monday) morning?
yo, is in town ...
the eagle has landed
i dont hate anyone but the fucksnuts blowing up our people... and killing our police...
blowing up our people? wait, the police kill more people without reason.
amazing! how can i help?
and the kids have many letters to write, and karishma's proposal forms.
always remember that rami malek was on an episode of
omggg i didn't realize that was him!!! is an og gillie!
thank you so much addy, love and miss you and yes hope nyc has been good to you
you're welcome! awh miss and love you guys too! come to nyc and visit anytime
i have advil cold and sinus and halls
omg do you think that i could take some? i'm dying over here haha
u gonna screenshot it and send it in the group chat.? do i get to be this weeks bitch you all talk shit on..?
what the fuck are you talking about ?? no one is mentioning you...
best here. i with handmaid pats
interesting matt ryan pick. but overall the same plays.
i'd chall you any amount 2s 3s 4s idc
idk how u think u can even talk to me with those amount of golds and earnings lmao
# patriots/ domestic terrorists? stood up 2 heavily armed blm tried land grab of bundy cattle ranch april 2014.
just because you call yourself a patriot instead of a terrorist doesn't make it true.
i blame myself for sticking with a bad relationship so long. i could have served the time so much easier.
10 years with an abusive alcoholic. i feel you.
tees yes. fuck dad hats.
chill i might really rock a dad hat
anyone else thinking cris collinsworth wants to bang bradford?
at a minimum, he at least wants him to put his thumb up his butt
so many delightful surprises and wins - and tears! shaping up to be a pretty good .
i've said this before, but for reals, the worst part of moving here is not being able to tweet about tv with you!!!!!
what's highest uber rating 5/5 right ?
yea, only new drivers that started 10 mins ago got that shit
what's "a source"? wapo/snowden is different than nyt interviewing a murder suspect and calling for him to go to jail, right?
snowden is more than *just* a source (which makes wapo editorial very disingenuous) but idk how to describe the distinction.
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
you are responsible for these hate filled attacks. your vile rhetoric is coming home to roost.
or tatiana maslany! i didn't watch this season, but she's amazing. can't gripe.
this does not bode well for winning best drama though; i'm very nervous
he means this for all americans as america is coming together to defeat &amp; her corruption cartel
but not if they're american but born somewhere else, right?
this is so exciting in 2014!
i'll take it in whatever year, honestly.
look at the detail...
bachta is that you??
amazing! how can i help?
things are heating up!! difference
well that's nice, america. should
lol, that was before he announced that obama passed his test and can stay w/in trump's walls.
in the market for a bumbag and wish was here to advise
send me your specifications and i'll get some recommendations over to you
i guess what i'm saying is people who have never seen a game live can't grasp the amount of speed and talent that is on display.
to me, it's seems like the talent is taking over toughness. i say televise roller hockey and let the pretty boys play there
you know this is accurate lol
that's why it's so funny lmao
lead actress in a drama is so stacked, but my god did earn her statue
i actually gasped out loud when they said 's name. so incredibly deserved, in a field of profoundly deserving women
cautiously optimistic
all i hear outside my manhattan apartment at night is crickets so i'm obviously never moving
i made 's instagram story!! it was a productive day at the theatre.
woohoo!! me too! thank you christie!
any other favorite places over there, let me know!
i love mama hong's vietnamese kitchen in downtown burbank! :)
you hate this show too right
it's obnoxious try-hard trash and it's not even slightly original.
why u gotta fight with me at turtle bay? u know i love to go there..
nah man you know that place is trakii
i love tough guys watching them crawl away all bloody and bruised!
i like drunken assholes being dragged off by cops &amp; sent 2 jail
i actually wrote a short script before reading the watchmen and seeing the incredibles that was the same premise. it happens
sure but almost 30 years is a long time to have a story exist and then make a compete movie.
. finally won an emmy!!!
yeeeessss!!!
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
moron, user, misogynist. you've got issues, asshole!!
oh my gosh tatiana maslany just beat viola davis and robyn wright and i almost choked on my dinner
my mom was like "its that big of a deal?" yes holy shit
maybe they're busy!!!!
he was so so cranky d: he's havin a bad bad night
was this a waste of urban space too or nah
the empty lot in front of that housing? yes.
black dallas cop suing black lives matter 4 starting anti-police race war vote 4 trump he'll restore law&amp;order
good it's a hate group! obama should be sued too
literally dead beetle danced on the couch. sort of glad had already passed out
wouldn't be surprised if and i had a noise complaint waiting for us tomorrow after our reactions.
i don't think she did at first either
no wonder i was over here confused!
that's bullshit, i rep the nordic and slav burrito community
i don't know why, but my fellow mexicans in san diego made that a thing.
worst so far with tucker and broncos
i scored 99 points
i'm so excited for the next generation of girl from ! just backed blubblub on
thank you so much!!!
rami malek won!!!! holy shit!!!! i am so happy!!!! the best drama on tv, the best performance. so well deserved. this is amazing.
his opening line during his speech was perfect
being beaten by grease live is like being beaten by watford
guess you didn't see grease live
oh ok orphan black. haven't seen it, but have heard it's good. (well i guess so, as it just won at the )
yes. watch it all. this is so overdue it isn't funny.
i don't know anything about the international soccer community, but this is a national sports movement against inequality
she has a right to protest but i don't think it's achieving what she intended &amp; it's dividing the support base for uswnt equality
i thought series 1 was the original one?
nope. series 1 gets the new processor.
i hope it's me! maybe one of those ones in the freezer ;)
jesus, dm me your address again. i'm literally the worst. i even thought about you the other day. made fried rice w/ chiles
shanny can probably talk chiarelli into something, he's an idiot
that would mean toronto gets to generational talents. i'm not a fan of that shit.
recently mutually followed a kid on instagram who i used to have a bit of a crush on and he is such a fuckboi.
but also the guy you had a crush on in middle school so there is a very warming feeling of attracting repulsion.
where do those women put their stuff?
it's burned off in a hot yoga and soul cycle frenzy where fat is the most feared thing in the world.
division games r always tough
idc they have to play better than they are
thanks for showing up
you were way on the other side and i had to put all the tailgate sh8t away..that took a good 30 mins
then why can u only beat me in singles you consistantly get shit on in 2's or 3's
i barely even play you but everytime i do you lose the ratio is like 8-1
and your husband usually looks at the tops of their heads.
game set march
11/12 - ventura, ca &amp;
11/23 - santa cruz, ca &amp;
bullshit...she endorsed trump you wacko
not according to that article you sent me.
i actually wrote a short script before reading the watchmen and seeing the incredibles that was the same premise. it happens
i mean. it got made without anyone saying "hey...this story..."
they are sooo close!!! back this project today.
thank you for the shoutout! just 3 days to go! :o
accidentally lamed myself walking round ny. damn you feet!
you moved to nyc? welcome!
some people just so homophobic lmao like how you say all that and assume you're not being offensive
i read his whole shit like........ if someone were to say the same about a specific race it'll be racist soooooooo,
trans people need to leave the children out of it
no ma'am, i think it's fine to tell someone that their name calling is bigoted or racist.
i just saw a v-22 osprey land in the financial district. crazy.
lead for obama
i just wanted rami to win for some reason. i don't even watch mr. robot.
he deserved it. season one was excellent. tho it gives me fight club teas. still need to catch up on s2.
packers secondary using terrible technique (23), confused why coaches won't correct this
u do know we still have dum capers as our dc right?
lmao negl i think of it every time i see anything for designated survivor. that woman was terrible.
ditto. i laugh when i see the billboards.
whipped cream makes the most sense, but how would it be holding up the toothpick part of the sparkly thing?
and what kind of drink has whipped cream oh wait gay bar nevermind \_()_/
that's the question if they live in ny is 'cos br is no good for them.if they travelled there who paid?
oh well. i guess they want people to know that temer is a bad guy. big protests in brazil still?
that would mean toronto gets to generational talents. i'm not a fan of that shit.
***two*** fuck. i'm tired.
oddly henry hill mentions how awesome providence is in wiseguy, the book goodfellas is based on. awesome for mafiosos.
outside providence is a great movie
i bet you should be worried if we beat the steelers. not guaranteeing that though.
no way in hell do you beat the steelers lmfaoo
have you seen her videos?
lol one where she's talking crazy
. are you a spooky fan? or delicate like ?
i'm no pussy.... cat. ;)
being suicidal is the dumbest shot it the world like grow up
say that when one day u wake up and ur bro isn't there anymore... take a step back and use ur head bro
putting it lightly
would gladly watch at least a web series about whatever happened to him
really proud of myself for finishing my hw before 10 (,:
same. its lit
on second thought u always get credit for my ideas on twitter so maybe it was never my loss to begin with
the bitterness in that last tweet is palatable
but then look where they end up? lmao.
with the next bitch
obama says that trump will reverse everything he has done... i don't understand, is he campaigning for trump? because that's the plan.
he is putting a guilt trip on black american's for their votes. we no damn well that ain't goin nowhere sheeit!
wow! wins for rami malek and tatiana maslany in drama acting; is seriously going for new blood this year.
tm's pretty amazing and has a long career ahead.
yeah, had to do "reset all settings"
hah. i did this and it wiped all of the wireless password _from_my_laptop_.
this isn't cool, he's probably dead and he just wasted like 35$ bc he could've enjoyed that shit slowly
he's still a legend though
they are my second favorite team
after the coyotes?
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
don't go blaming foreign terrorist for these acts of violence. you are the root cause.
here's the us military code:
it says "engages in forcible sexual intercourse", but that doesn't apply to women.
it's funny i watch lots of shows &amp; know i would love arrested development/parks &amp; rec but haven't made the leap for some reason
parks and rec is actually an easy watch: lots of happy endings, easy-to-follow running story. you should indulge.
i think i fooled them all !
the queen of deception and the court jester..
damn marv u plannin a week in advance
hell yeah bro so i know there's no last min cancel
no joke - like an hour ago i thought "where's aaaaaandyyyy?!" then remembered you live in another dimension, basically.
like what is even the point of watching anymore if you live three hours in the past?
when your parents say your life is in a downward spiral cause you got a nose piercing, want a tattoo, and break up with your best friend
ayye man you got your nose pierced??! rad
why is it bad? i've used some of their stuff before
the scrubs are so abrasive and most of the ingredients are comedogenic so your scrubbing your skin and trapping it all in
soon trump will b saluting the marines
he hasn't earned enough respect from them to waste spitting on his shoes. he has insulted every branch of miltary.
in memoriam reel overly emphasized people more famous for work outside, down to giving prince the last spot.
john mclaughlin remembered for his acting in independence day i guess.
oh: "being a (once) trained mathematician i am terrible at arithmetic."
i know someone who is living proof of this. they also have a job in technology... hijinks ensue.
congratulations to for her emmy win! it's been a long time coming!
she won! she won!!!! she won!!!
i don't need or want you to follow me if you support his racist, sexist, homophobic policies. adios
you the real mvp
gano was kicker helped a lot but spread around qb of eli ryan bortles carr and cam on some sites
used eli on fd, bortles in my 1 dk lineup
q6: close out playing tag! who on twitter would you like to meet in "real life" and go for a run?
everyone here who inspires me to keep going! whenever i log on, i always see people's updates and i love it!
7. trump and his campaign have such a low opinion of the public they believe they can sell the idea he wasn't the birther-in-chief for years
his voters are stupid as stupid gets. easy marks for a sleazy grifter. he told us he could kill &amp; they'd still vote for him.
it's pretty cool to have your own topic page on youtube!
who knew?! thank you for the link ~ michele
and i suddenly see both of you agreeing to this.
but there is never enough
the guy that started tonight for yanks must be praying his raiders can find any type of d matt ryan cooked them
yeah cc's raiders with a terrible loss after that cinderella win last week lol. raiders spent a lot of money this offseason
i need a new casual ios game, something that's pretty and doesn't require too much thinking.
desert golf?
did you think i was someone else
no lmfoakaks i was talkin to a friend and like without thinking did that
first, politicians can't trade in commodities or stocks while in office; shell corps included. 2nd, outlaw lobbyists
sounds good to me....tweet it to trump bcause he is the only one that will consider it...
fuck a uber. niggas was raping people yesterday after that explosion
yoooo shit happened right behind me last night, thought it was construction trucks, either way i was oouuttt!!!
sorry that this isn't an iphone quality pic but i spent my weekend making this on my bookbag &amp; i feel pride.
it's much more vibrant in person. i love you
stop with the st edits im dying
i'm sorry (not really)
love love love the one where the 3 are right at the sharp corner of the building.
thank you !
aw man. maybe it's just being old or maybe this was a really awful year with a ton of terrible losses.
i'm getting old. used to feel like stars of yesteryear ex shock deaths. now most have been part of tv/movie habit all along.
this is so tragic. the amount of self hate
this made me so sad how can you deny yourself true happiness
how is claire danes still getting nominated for that same, lackluster role?
man... that commercial is such a win.
seeing her fumbling with her security passcode was more than i could take!
those six digits kill me now. the music would run me off by time i remember.
showing etsy shops and causing her to buy art counts as an accomplishment for the evening, right?
tino your boyfriend romney malik just won an emmy looking good in a white tux
ray fatto you pos. your sports takes are worthless.
dude ray looks like a troll from lord of the rings
genuine question, has anybody else ever seen the weird glowing triangle in the hills as u drive down 280 right past the sf airport?
and if so.... what is it
list a couple things you like. we'll trade.
ooh. well, not at all knowing your taste: kevin garrett &amp; i just went to her concert last night: angel olsen "shut up kiss me"
did you catch his 80th birthday party at symphony hall! he performed his clapping song with mtt!
i did not, but i heard about it! i am sorry i did not know in advance!
i guess it could be... really... really thick whipped cream....???
somehow. some way. this is dirty.
i love this accidental piece of beauty
that was such a perfect line
please this goes further than beyonce not winning an award . poc have always been snubbed at award shows. don't act ignorant.
for nominations, yes. the barrier to entry was getting into the category. once they're there, the win % is good.
they grow up so fast!! happy birthday
that's my ride or die, haha thanks fam
my bad, i'll make it up to you :)
i'm expecting it
force developers to build affordable housing, cap rents, encourage techies to live in menlo park
how about force menlo park to build significantly more housing to house said techies?
idk what you're talking about
stay in your lane homie, don't even look at my suga momma
to me hockey is 100% the most entertaining live sport. football is by far the worst. but football on tv is unbeatable to me.
don't know how much you watch, but baseball has to be the worst to watch on television
burritos don't need that shit, i like things with a flare for the simple
i agree. the basic accouterments--can't go wrong.
washpost makes history: first paper to call for prosecution of its own source (after accepting pulitzer)
i wont even use the washington post to start a fire. a disgrace to the profession &amp; a shirking of ther responsibilities as 4th estate
it says "engages in forcible sexual intercourse", but that doesn't apply to women.
a woman cannot "forcibly engage in sexual intercourse" if she doesn't first possess a penis.
ooo. i understand a little family friction. hope she grows out of it.
nope hard core racist and homophobe. y
a surprise? that always means beyonce. it better be beyonce.
lol they stuntin'. at this point why would she be there?? they are trying to hold on to those viewers for just a a few more.
i love tough guys watching them crawl away all bloody and bruised!
btw thanks for proving point that cheetonazi fans are psychos.
me toooo!!! apple is screwing with us
i don't even have ios 10! and ppl that have if are saying their phones are laggy too ???
ugh. not the ones i know, love and respect. be gone.
how nice you know good ones.
fuck a uber. niggas was raping people yesterday after that explosion
should've stayed if i knew surge was gonna go up, now i can't wait for the next terror attack
- the full-fat paradox: whole milk may keep us lean
it's only a paradox if you don't know how human physiology and biochemistry works. sheesh. progress, anyway.
pretty please make it work.
ok, since you asked nicely.
list a couple things you like. we'll trade.
by kevin garrett, i write to "refuse" on repeat for hours. or alessia cara if you haven't listened to her
for nominations, yes. the barrier to entry was getting into the category. once they're there, the win % is good.
so don't belittle lemonade by making the loss about poc
my kind of art
tits out for harambe?
sunday afternoon thesis writing... vu
do i need to comment?
i heard that and thought how nice that he's memorializing another wonderful man.
absolutely! me too!
big whup. i play 7 people any time i forget to take my paxil.
oh now. you are raining on my clone club dance !!
just realised how painful it would be to get punched on the chin
a lot of people would want you to experience it, no?
ayyy, oh. this is new york city, you don't come here and blow up our garbage. there coulda been some good stuff in there
i live in queens, otherwise known as manhattan-when-something-bad-happens-and-my-sister-texts-me
. showing why their programming rocks w/this ad
weird that so much of their advertising is on aren't they technically a competitor?
ooo. i understand a little family friction. hope she grows out of it.
at 73? nope. she can't wait for the wall to be built and then some.
israel gets: $38 billion / year $10.4 million / day $7,230 / minute $120 / second. end the welfare payments!
why are we giving them money??
first timer at the exploratorium w/ bae.
this was my favorite thing there. lol
....17 seasons. okay. that is a ...project,,,
they're short, but have longer episodes
the surprise jimmy kimmel is talking about had better be beyonc otherwise i'm out
show is over anyway. they got us all. lol
it's shitty. it is a boring show poorly acted. christian slater is the best thing in it
i figured the twist out in the first episode and then i was just in awe of blatantly plagiarized it was.
oh shit im snitching! it was this nigga who did it he set off that explosion!
naw son stop lol, you know fox don't like black people
hillary is a liar, no one is buying what she says.
except the fbi,the courts,the conclusion of every investigation since whitewater.
lmao shut up, i got 7 points. that should be enough.
lol true i was setting ya up tho and you gotta stay in front of ya man and stop jumping
just got last-minute $788 tickets to in hk! can't wait to see my favs and live on stage!!
it'd be such a dream if i get to see you guys close-up..tat
you are filled with such hatred. i will pray for you. i thought that and then... naaa. you don't read.
we're not the ones filled with hate ... we love america and the people ... your poisoned heart slanders...sad
nothing is better than my taco truck
yes there is
was it just not released at all? or there wasn't many to begin with?
they completely sold out during pre orders so come release day no one had them
i think obama should . so does , , . don't you?
everyone thinks you should stfu
still laughing because on saturday woke up at 6:20 thinking we had school
hate myself lmaoo
the ride home has been wonderful lmao, tears of joy but damn bro is sure is quiet.
i don't blame him..i tell you shawn smith should be on you're team..he was you're best player.. lol
obama says that trump will reverse everything he has done... i don't understand, is he campaigning for trump? because that's the plan.
thank god most of o's corrupt policies will be stopped or at least suspended!
going wider with this - what would it take for you? post-match stats and vote cards?
i do it just because i'm a nice person. out ilvling things isn't a huge deal but more raid mats if you are high ilvl.
my new aesthetic is early 2000's linkin park
i don't think you ever stopped dressing like that
wth are you talking about?
i told you so now wth are u talking about?
super awesome meeting you today we should go running at sc sometime
ur nail polish is chipping
. the and have gone full sopranos. without a good candidate, they've resorted to bullying.
better than murder +50 more coincidental deaths whom were all involved w the
did you know that your level of hatred for hillary clinton is directly proportional to your level of porn addiction?
hahahahah i like this. but it has deep and bizarre implications for my family.
. &amp; i need 1 for the 3v3 1nd umg at 12 est
is it my time?
rt : tatianaaaaaaa whom we know won't win but totally slays
lol!!! :) i really did not expect it.
fuck u lmfao fucking patriots fans smh
just saying, all he could use is a helmet upgrade
i can't speak for her, but maybe she thinks this movement is more important.
maybe, but the other fight is important too and was finally picking up traction after a 20+ year legacy of hard work &amp; sacrifice
looks gorgeous. how often do you rod set? i've done four the last two years. wish i had time for more.
that was actually the first and last time i used them. lol only because i need different ones those particular ones pull my hair
signing emails means you're not important enough not to. child's play
this is true. taylor knows how to properly "power move" as the kids say
i'm actually not julia louis-dreyfus' father. but i really appreciate all the concerned tweets.
difficult times like these call for adoption.
when did vic get a sack?!
bae got a sac don't discredit him
took that match when dg came thru . it was an epic match.
i don't think i'll ever forget that fight
no can do. if u come for my fav. i'm going to defend them, unless u grow up and leave them alone
you come for my faves but since you're irrelevant idgaf, but looks like i cause a huge impact in your life. nice.
the patented cbb bump!
literally never seen orphan black but wanted to win bc she was so damn charming on cbb
no ma'am, i think it's fine to tell someone that their name calling is bigoted or racist.
blacks, hispanics, gays, trans people need to stand up and say, stop!
or the poor or elderly she stole from who were dumb enough to support her? check your bank statements ppl
lol, couldn't prove any of that. roger stone's word means nada, i.e.amount mexico will pay for the wall
stefon diggs owners right now...
on my bench.. but i can't start him over julio/marshall/maclin/marvin jones ever...
i couldn't remember her name. my memory is shot.
it didn't come quickly to me either.
there's a ton of bars to get your fill
bingo. keep that shit out of the stadium.
11/23 - santa cruz, ca &amp;
12/3 - los angeles, ca
harry reid lied about mitt romney's taxes. he's still not sorry. - the washington post
reid's a blowhard twit
ap hurt though smfh nooooo
u got bradford tho
clones. but tatiana plays like 20 different characters and none of them alike
i think he's being a pill. luke and i rave about it all the time :)
here's washington state's law:
re: washington, it says "engages in forcible sexual intercourse", but it doesn't apply to women.
a huge hbd to my best bud ily lots so glad i got to see you this weekend (and we're not living together)
thank you bb:):)
. has no support! her campaign has no energy, nor compassion for our country.
"you're supporting a criminal" and all the mealy-mouthed wimp can say is "oh,dear."
we're purists.....sometimes
i can accept nacho fries (or carne asada fries; name depending on region), but yeah, i am a burrito purist.
i was thinking tissues or tic tacs or car keys. as a gay man, i never saw any other use for them.
haha, noooo...tic tocs would melt in there.
looks gorgeous. how often do you rod set? i've done four the last two years. wish i had time for more.
thank u so much i still use them for the ends sometimes though they work really well
despite the efforts of many republicans to suppress the vote, we must make it easier for people to participate in the political process.
how did military retired pay and social security get tied up with the g d p. i can't remember the last raise in retirement
happy birthday hope college is treating you well
thank you em!
yea, thanks! wanna grab a beer sometime?
let's make it happen. i was going to suggest the same thing :) what neighborhood are you in?
lol what's all that for
that's for u not being shit
it's halloween in singing bear village and this song is playing in the pub.
its wild, did you dance .
you people call yourselves tranny you should check out the tranny bingo fb page
i'm not a transexual.
check out our rami malek profile from earlier this year.
(this profile is actually from last year, sorry. but there are lots of original photos of rami, so. enjoy!)
who's here for this?!! trey songz and maxwell collab!! ...
(feeling like fred sanford) ... yeess hunty it will be so good
i wish i had all the in the world so that i could get ur help 2 have a better life &amp; 2 find mr.right
- you don't need more than 12 dollars. just order my book and it will help you so much. that's why i wrote it!! promise!
i will always think of got as more of a directorial achievement than a writing achievement
i guess you have a point if distinguishing between those
you also are not allowed to have free speech in the military.
you can be charged with a crime in the military for saying "fuck the president".
monkeyface eel kabayaki style. delicious! thinking of you (and loving your book)
rock and roll! send us the recipe and i'll put it in the second edition!
you guys i actually really miss new york pizza i understand now
welcome to the club. finding real ny pizza is like finding the holy grail out here
dont mention it im pissed we had the damn game
just look forward to cavs basketball.
especially raiders fans on raiders fans.... that doesn't embody the raiders spirt. imho
it's fuckin stupid bro
sayang yung chenelyn chorla chuchu chuvaloo chenes daddy
nakakahilo usapan nyo ni wowo!
re: washington, it says "engages in forcible sexual intercourse", but it doesn't apply to women.
a woman cannot "forcibly engage in sexual intercourse" if she doesn't first possess a penis.
is by far my favorite housewife
- thank you ciara!
dolphins sit out anthem after police union says they have forfeited free speech
actions speak louder than kneeling. black men or starving children. for both is possible
lets see what else do we got. lets get loose and crazy. ok heres one. gaslighting can be used as a force for good in certain cases.
some moss only grows in gaslight. read that at the gym while lifting.
right? and i bet most of my colleagues won't notice until grades are due, because of the terrible ui surrounding this.
that would make me crazy... is this blackboard crap?
you should stop defending online child predators
who is a predator? did you call the police?
i love where your life is at too keep it up
you are such a good person thank you for being in my life
i'm just over white men mocking women t b h
it's his same schtick foreverrrrrrrrrrrrrr
another seemingly obvious extension of amazon echo: appliances. surprised there aren't stoves that can be operated via alexa.
the ge appliances can be controlled using the ge geneva skill.
come along. we may just find the end of the rainbow
so beautiful! rainbows are a symbol of hope! after a bad storm, we'll see a rainbow!
any of my friends st luis rams fans? i have a snaoback that was given to me, never worn. hmu free.99
i need it. dead serious.
a woman cannot "forcibly engage in sexual intercourse" if she doesn't first possess a penis.
if u wish to establish that washington rape-law applies to women, u need to cite a case example.
what do i owe the pleasure
i didn't add your number even know i added u on snap chat, joe. it was from you requested me to add u, correct?
cancer: ps cancers are one of the nicest signs i've eva met. only mean when pushed too far. if they get mad, run.
seriously!!
i know i'm not big on jinxing games if vikings w/o ap they could be in trouble going fwd
and they may go 2-0. if they were really healthy they would probably be a title contender.
don't doubt that trump can get mexico to pay for the wall. he got cnn to pay for his campaign.
he will definitely make mexico pay for the wall! they have way too much to lose if they don't
great seeing you tonight!
likewise! my e-mail is yangbo.is for anyone on your end who'd like to reach me.
is it me or does overheard just get progressively worse every year?
what's getting worse are people who can't take a joke.
uncharted collection, then uncharted 4.
awesome- ordered. much appreciated!
less than that a second! and no spoken lines, seen not heard
almost as if to emphasize appearance for woman and words for men.
another iphone 7 photo... could totally be a wallpaper nbd
what a nice photo
lol, that bitch has me blocked &amp; was still running her mouth a few months ago from what i heard
if only you knew lmao
so diggs has been torching randall, and we give him no help over the top. i see
it's like al harris trying to defend plaxico burress all over again.
my wife takes belt in the am, she's a school teacher.
this appears to be on the belt just coming off the verrazano-narrows bridge.
do all you can everyday to make sure the vicious predator never gets elected!
i'd like one of these w/ students. step 2 fill out survey at 98 %, step 3 never hear from again.
yup a lil bit ago
been doing this 10 hours
i honestly feel that my existence is annoying as fuck to everyone i come across lol
literally every single person
my kids discovered it before i did ... i was mad when i found out (bc it's tv-14), but then i was like, "scoot over."
well, we've officially hit that age where our kids make us cooler and we make them less cool. achievement unlocked
i'll tell her to come out when you're here.
you wouldn't
you can be charged with a crime in the military for saying "fuck the president".
what is considered "rape" in the military, is nothing more than sexual-harassment elsewhere.
i would have made this north america team if i was younger and better at hockey
such is life dude. you get older &amp; things begin to suck.
apparently this is my twin and i'm okay with that , cause god damn
wow y'all do look alike lol
i think it's thats the issue with traveling anywhere
it depends how much time you allot, but domestic travel, esp. just along the eastern seaboard, i cram into weekends.
obama says sexism could lead voters to back trump over clinton
of course it could also be the thousand negative things about the dishonest corrupt clinton.
so many times i've watched orphan black and thought, "the actress who plays that clone is great." well deserved, !
she. is. amazing.
there are many tiny violins interspersed it is true
anyway, unfair to compare anywhere to queens for food (except la)
i found that mysterious portrait on ebay
she did capture him, i will give her that.
media should quit covering him in any way till the debate. i dare you!
stop the gratuitous media.
i'll hit you right in your face
only if u had the hands but you don't
new video - iphone 7 headphone roundup! - rt!
can you do photos from the iphone 7
kev retweeted a video of a girl twerking with 2 semi-automatic guns in her hands, says he likes girls like that but also classy women.
i'm what world can you find a bitch that throw ass w guns in her hand and still can meet your mom and have intelligent convos?
you're fucking nervous lmaoooooo
nervous about what idc about $5 the way ur broke ass does
seriously, did the get woke and basic cable?
time was all the smaller cable shows got passed over.
what is considered "rape" in the military, is nothing more than sexual-harassment elsewhere.
and sexual-harassment is not a crime in the us.
12/3 - los angeles, ca
two nights san diego, ca 12/29: 12/30:
my daughter lily, and making the jump over the water hazard today at mini golf. @...
haha you need to fix your twitter connection on instagram
how can we dvd to show at our church?
it will be out this winter!
i ordered carne asada fries once.....wasn't opposed philosophically, but was disappointed.
could be a matter of who made it, but yeah, you have to be drunk or high to enjoy.
all these movements for the cuban dissident movement in miami &amp; i haven't been able to go to one.... this is fine
i'm about to start doing my own shit like im deprived
. "porcelain goddess" sam bradford is having the best game of his life...
. and "can you dig it" is rivaling in everything but p popping...
vikings vs broncos in the superbowl. battle of who can score the most defensive touchdown's
word to my boys and
real fan problems lol
welp my team beat you
only donald trump can do it. he alone. who talks like this? [rhetorical]
many people, specially the one who are confident about what they can do.
it's time for to change the symbol of their party post
the symbol 4 their party post should be:
saturday's attacks show that failed obama/hillary clinton polices won't keep us safe! i will make america safe again!
areally... and how exactly will the force of your narcissistic ego prevent some fool from making a bomb? #
i'm going there tomorrow to watch ghost in the shell
i might have to if there are tickets left!
check the dryer
did u read my dm/someone new just started
is your book avail on kindle? i think i'm about to enter chapter 2 of life...scared to death!!!!
-i wish it was on kindle!
phone service lol i'm transferring from sprint
it's good i have at&amp;t
i hate few things more than going into straight-size stores. salesppl have no shame looking at you like you're stealing air.
ugh. that sounds terrible. i'm sorry.
i still have to see orphan black and mr robot
seriously cannot say enough good things about mr. robot. show will blow up soon enough.
i hope he's alright dude even beyond fantasy, that's my dude lol i'm freaking out though
yeah it didn't look that serious at first. some fatty just fell on his leg but he couldn't put any weight on it so idk man
mm it takes itself a bit too seriously
how about veep?
i guess it's ok for lgbt people to say it right?
yes it is, the black community uses n*gg*r but you shouldn't.
even you gave up on them lol
lmao yes they play in a tough division
"things are different now." what do you mean? "it's not for me to tell you."
"i'd like to spend more time with you." you don't know who i am. "i'm trying to." it won't work in the ways you're trying.
i just hope i find streams or downloads for all of them xd germany kind of lives in the middles ages of the internet still.
it might be on german netflix! that's where i'm watching it. not the german one though obviously
one of hillary clinton's main weaknesses in the 2016 campaign is her ties to a charity that's saved millions of lives.
damn the good works.
you couldn't wait huh bro
you already kno any new meek i be tweaking jus like everybody eles lol
finally getting her due!!!
omfg finallllly yes gurl
is the lead still missing?! lol
yup.cuz the 4 main ppl stopped much boring looking can i do?
wait... is on designated survivor? cool, but still probably less accurate than veep...
how many people could you name that are like every character in veep? i could probably go 3-4 deep for each at minimum.
should've bought stock in 2010. 248% increase in sales. 25% of flavored water market.
that fizz symbol looks like it's going to keep bubbling up though
they will one day.
- one day they will come together. it's all about timing!
i'm not the best, but i'll do everything in my power to keep you happy.
you are the best you big baby lol
you don't know what was said after, but i doubt it was pretty and again, she didn't warn them beforehand
from a labor standpoint, you seem to identify with the employer not the employee. am i wrong?
liberals continue to buy shitty cars w undisposable batteries &amp; poor performance, 2 show their moral superiority.
hmmmm...they charge those batteries, right? electricity....nearly all generated by fossil fuels...like coal! idiots.
me either...was just really hoping...lord, she's half the damned cast...
she's everything but so is felix lol :)
fox news faggots they the clowns that support trump &amp;blame spanish people black &amp; muslims 4 everything
fox news donkeys of the decade, ask he wish he could say it every morning on
i guess it's ok for lgbt people to say it right?
if a community asks you not to use a word - simple - don't do it!
what's new and exciting?
just some new comers at my group chat nothing else
off of those, i'll give you back... james blake "retrograde" and dorothy, the entire dorothy album.
omg i have been looking for raise hell by dorothy for ages and i never knew the song etc etc. savior.
lmao! i don't think so. it would take a lot of 15 second sessions to tire out!
high intensity intervals
folks, i can't stress this enough: emmys did right by rami malek. that performance isn't just technically excellent. it's important.
so important. i'm so thankful for him and that role
sometime in december
we'll be watching for it :-)
look at those pleats
flawless. those pants might stand by themselves
ways to end racism
can in be this mans best friend?
stop tweeting dumb shit.
spellcheck is your friend, donald.
that's a prayer i share with you. many people can identify with the struggle of broken family relationships.
- it is the worst. this family on both sides is hurting.
just started again actually
i feel like you have always dressed like this haha
hillary and the dnc are racist and anti-semitic. "taco bowl voters", "super predators"
ok, b0b. take your meds. you're delusional. not name calling; it's a symptom.
lol and he looks like he's crying
i bet it's the lights. he is used to working in the dark.
ive not once sent a cancel
yea yea want me to take a pic of u begging to cancel
you can get journey by signing up for a playstation network account and ps+ before you have your ps4 and "purchase" it.
thank for the tip! i have a feeling the wife is going to regret this purchase...
any referral code to share? used trunk club but would try something new
sure! i'm biased (we are investors), but i think it's superior to trunk club.
just doing my job can't wait for next season's bs storytelling. more jokes/memes for me!!!! &lt;3
so i'm not the only one that thinks, s6 in part could've been written by trump.
i'm what world can you find a bitch that throw ass w guns in her hand and still can meet your mom and have intelligent convos?
i said "babe imma make a vid just like this but don't expect me to be alive when i'm done"
who thought this was a good idea????
a dank tunnel is much preferable.
casuals would hate that match up lmao
vikings and broncos playing in the superbowl would be a living wet dream.
need a pick-me-up after today's loss? has you covered...
defense needs to get on the field &amp; play hard.
i have to get up for my first day of university in three hours oh my god??
casey go to sleep
you know who else's name had 11 letters?
that would be adolf hitler, of course.
trump is not a racist, its not 1960 anymore, everyone has the same civil rights. islam, not republicans are the enemy!
you believe everyone has the same civil rights?? please. even muslims?
the ge appliances can be controlled using the ge geneva skill.
ge is dipping their toe in connected home again with geneva. the name makes it seem like ge will be looking to do their own asssitant
hey ted. having tech difficulties with twitter dm. you available for a dinner on 10/6? dm your email if potentially interested.
always interested!
nobody did today
that's a justification? it's not a stretch to say that your sensibilities need re-calibrating
i don't blame him..i tell you shawn smith should be on you're team..he was you're best player.. lol
lmao send em back to kc. he'll be cut tomorrow morning.
the fries to good stuff ratio is bound to suck.......too easy to plate fries for profit
true. but to be honest, i have been pretty drunk (at bare minimum) whenever i have ordered and feasted on them.
stefon diggs shovel celebration is already my favorite in the league. bury those corners
next antonio brown
still trying to understand this text from my uncle
must be weird having a bot for an uncle?
9/23 - pomona, ca &amp;
can't wait to see make their debut in !
how is the 7+ btw?
it's like... maybe 15% better than the 6+. but the cameras are
lol i've been doing it awhile but idk about the whole 10
ipp u came in like 4p.i was in it since 10am
i'm going to pretend like i didn't just read that part about video games being for kids. :)
kids and terrorists!
yeah dude it was so embarrassing
i'd be embarrassed but also think it's the funniest thing ever
fuuuuuh i'm so sad i couldn't go
my friend do you want us to bring you some we can drop it off
you can also ask what resources he might have available, esp. if the chat logs are from bbses.
i'm happy to rip transfer all of them
"this is for chubby jews from the uws, wherever you are."
in related news, i really need to start watching
we're in crown heights- during sandy relatives calling, worried about flooding, us: clue's in the name 'heights' we're ok
i made the mistake of engaging in a "it's not really chelsea, more like the flatiron" conversation w/my cali friends
take note: the ride i had planned back when i broke my arm
looks like a fun ride!
i'm just hoping it's shock from being hurt before and whatnot, hopefully just a tweak but for now it's isaiah crowell time lmao
yeah we should know for sure pretty soon. and damn
damn but when i told roy to put me on .....
damnnnnn roy a snake for that one
all i remember peter scolari from is the honey, i shrunk the kids tv series. i really enjoyed that show.
i remember him from "bosom buddies" with tom hanks
lol i've been doing it awhile but idk about the whole 10
i saw winner 1.2.3 and i best be 4.
give it to dan and dave.
if not, then homeland.
it's awesome how has some of the best advice on . now if only the women would start listening to her ;)
- farah - i agree. i say that i am not a magician. you can lead a horse to water but you can't make him drink it!
it's a charcoal &amp; black sugar mud mask from target. it was super cheap and worked rlly good! hope you're doing good
thanks hope to see you soon!
i'm the one sick not you, loser
why do you always make everything about you
when twitter says it is saving a draft of a tweet, where is it when you want to access it again?
click the 'gear' on your profile page.
this is an interesting graph. that being said, it doesn't tell the whole story.
political polarization is certainly on the rise in america... there are new dividing lines to organize around.
tita caaaarms! imesyuuu! pak ganern tita
beeeebeee i mithyu too!!
us gamecock fans have known that for a while. happy to see him thriving in the bigs
ah that's right! always knew his d was out of this world. so glad to see the bat coming along. if he hits .275 he's all star.
in our defense, all our study-aid apps are synced to them
doesn't bother me at all.
dc4 out
naw that diss to the game is dc4 on the way
oh sweet. i'll be in cairns, melbourne, sydney, hobart. maybe we can catch up while we're there.
nice, cairns, melbourne, sydney, whitsundays, fraser island, noosa, byron bay, perth :p
i said cancel because your host lagged still never sent one dogshit
do u hear how dumb you sound at this point
what about bradford
i have to admit, the purple sleeves definitely look nice
some guy literally tagged her in a picture of his junk. maybe you will defend that too.
then i suggest you screen save it and take it to your local police station. that's against the law.
the simple truth is trump will win in a landslide if she doesn't.
both of you two bigots should just vote for trump and stfu
lol i've been doing it awhile but idk about the whole 10
love hearing game of thrones win!!
i completely missed the game, what happened?
fumbled when i tweeted that. giants defense looking
nyc, still time to come catch me dj tonight at 11pm! everyone else, will likely record and have on a later ms
starting in 5min at , until midnight! getcho butt over here, nyc~
lol, trumps lies every-time he opens his trap
time for you to wake up and smell the coffee! and give some to hillary! she needs it!
ap def done for year
whens this shit gonna end. hunter was on the table too
what if we're excited to see what happens after we die just to be underwhelmed to see nothing but blackness. what would we do?
that's the one thing i'm worried about, just blackness
look, i'm sick of "hallelujah" too," but john cale's version will always be great.
and the elephant in sing cc
exactly what me and my roommates are trying to figure out. you only wearing something that big and loose if you are.
and...it's just not nice
theres a whole fight happening down my block....mmk
theres a lot of "beat her ass!!! get her!!!"
if mets do make it to oct tc should get votes for moty. his job this year might be better then last year
i think he will get the award. we were both counting out the mets but they are getting it done
saturday's attacks show that failed obama/hillary clinton polices won't keep us safe! i will make america safe again!
you are one sick man donald trump i will be so glad when i don't have to look and listen to you any longer
political polarization is certainly on the rise in america... there are new dividing lines to organize around.
so the layman's critique of "both parties are the same" has evolved into "both parties are extreme"
should i just go to wo's homecoming by myself
yes you don't need anyone
here's my fucking day. woodhead injured. abdullah injured. doug martin injured. peterson injured. what the actual fucking fuck
i wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy. holy shit, i'm so sorry
currently running snapchat
nice shoe game
you know you've been in dc a while when you identify more with ben than with dan..
so so true. also ben is the most underrated character on that show. kills me every time.
lol i've been doing it awhile but idk about the whole 10
that was so cool seeing the old cast of blue
beth and i are going to jets game in october, a jon bellion concert in november, and then a twenty one pilots concert in january! lovin life
and you and i are gonna go clubbing one day
trump's birtherism will b death of his white house aspirations: 4 dems, a chance 2 remind voters of dt's birtherism
i'm sure all 6 votes lost will be missed!
i must have tweeted something that upset rosie to block me tonight &amp; for that i'm sorry.
- it was most likely a mistake. don't take it to heart. she doesn't have a bad bone in her body!
a woman cannot "forcibly engage in sexual intercourse" if she doesn't first possess a penis.
how exactly can a woman "forcibly engage in sexual intercourse" with another woman? explain.
when you get chance, check it out. the girl weeks those characters to perfection.
it's on my list. i know i'd love it!
we should of won mccown looked like a superstar in the first qrt and after that looked like a kid playing
well you do have the dolphins next so that's a winnable game.
rodgers is beyond flustered
at himself? he's been off. whole offense is off. no rhythm. last year it was because no jordy. what's the excuse this year?
she's so beautiful
hooters no way i thought we talked about this in the summer.... smh
tough guy retreating 2 his safe space? figures talk shit cry 4 help!
it's called bed, cupcake. i have to work tomorrow.
simple math, really
and math is essential in life and titles hehe!
i thot this was u omg
ahaha this is some shit i would do
i didn't say you were. i'm showing you that it's common in the lgbt community
lgbt people can use words in their own community that we can't.
i know exactly who you are. you and all your yenta friends will vote hillary for no reason other than voting dem.
because you think we can't understand something as important as politics? we're just gossipy little girls?
hiding that baby weight i think is the idea. the red carpet fashion is just mean to women honestly
i agree, but that train. that fabric.
i thought i had been pronouncing it wrong. lol
ha! my cousin has the same name
. takes some shots at trump at the
where was aziz last night? anywhere near chelsea in manhattan?
reminder: mr. robot is a self indulgent bag of cheap tricks now but congrats rami you were great
whoa should i not watch s2
you talking about this sucker punch?
nope i think the one caught on video is from a different fight
i'm reading this book that has me feeling like i wasted my whole life, but at the same time like i'm just getting started. what a feeling.
put me on brotha
so the layman's critique of "both parties are the same" has evolved into "both parties are extreme"
neither the previous nor the contemporary are serious observations.
please wake up america never must watch &amp; retweet
thanks obama for helping us expose hillary!
glad to hear you say kasich, lol
omg truth is im not sure what i did wrong...omg this election is getting to me!
wow not 1 person shows up for hillary in delaware ohio..not1 - zero/zilch/nada
"gee, i was going to vote for , but if noone shows up, i i'll switch to -said nobody
clone club for life!
jumping up and down!!!
i hope you can be the mediator between these two families siggy. there's love there beneath all the stuff.
- i have to back off now. like i keep saying..timing is everything. it is very upsetting!
lmaooo you were like i'm starring @ the back of his head ahahaha
duuuhh omg memorized his whole head and everything.
funny thing is most ppl that chat bout me is gossip but most things i chat about is money. i hate broke ppl &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
broke people with broke mindsets that have broke tendencies &lt;&lt;&lt;
cnn's jake tapper edits out hillary clinton's 'bombings' remark -
have you seen this?
why i don't go to games! especially since all my games are away! i'm not fighting over other people's lives!
sad man but i don't really blame you.
aye, we have free y gym memberships. let's put them to use
yeah i tried and monday and didn't go after that
my cat turned 4 the other day. he may be a regular cat to ya but he's a regal king to me.
omg it thinks it's a person
nooooooo you're just nosey af
but you knew this so you might as well just tell me it
clown party with becca. she'll come as long as there's tequila
clownz and tequila shotz for everyone!!
neither the previous nor the contemporary are serious observations.
there's a temptation to find equivalence and comfortably dismiss both, particularly by people who imagine themselves to be apolitical.
the new episode been up all day y'all better get with the program lol
the next episode should be fire
i didn't say you were. i'm showing you that it's common in the lgbt community
gay men often times in jest say fag or queer, but i would never think to use those words.
it cites no exclusion for women, so why wouldn't it apply to women?
a woman has a vagina.....which a man places his penis into. a vagina cannot "rape" a penis.
if bernie had been the nominee, he'd be
if my grandmother had wheels, she'd be a wagon.
i told my mom i was dating someone. she then asked who and told her it was zac efron. and she started getting hekka mad bc they haven't met
who tf is this zac afron guy?! u cheatin on me?
it's beef that she started??? like??? sorry she sucks?? tell her to hmu when she's got me unblocked &amp; wants to have a grown up convo
youre like a child. she prob had you blocked bc of shit like this. handle your business like a woman &amp; dont slander her again.
collinsworth just said he hasn't seen a. rodgers sail the ball over receivers heads like this before. he hasn't been watching last 2 years
he also wants to put sam bradford into the hall of fame for scoring 17 points in 3 quarters at home.
i can't put the book down the movie is gonna be so good
probably going to watch the movie more than once when it comes out lol
giants lbs are good enough
in fact this might be the best defense ive ever seen. ferocious!
can't wait for the press conference from mccarthy. same old "just wasn't our night" bs that the millionaire likes to use.
while he makes that super annoying smacking noise in between his bs words. "well (smack) it wasn't (smack) our night (smack)"
thanks, jordan! you'll have to join us next year!
would love!
who wore it better?
you alt-rw clowns need some new innuendos, this is as weak as it gets, you hit a new low.
join me in to raise awareness 4 neuroblastoma! donations
i will make a donation regardless, though will make $100 donation in your name for a ma signed fight poster. will pay postage
that seth meyers is hosting the emmy awards is a total joke. he is very awkward with almost no talent. marbles in his mouth!
rather have marbles in the mouth than in the brain
there's a temptation to find equivalence and comfortably dismiss both, particularly by people who imagine themselves to be apolitical.
the issue here being that partisan identity may be more pronounced in both parties, but it manifests in different ways.
s/o 2 the popeyes lady for giving me an extra order of mashed potatoes because that's exactly what i needed in life it's gonna b a good week
meanwhile i finished my one small potatoes rly wishing i got chicken goddamnit
negative emotions are more contagious than positive ones
i think both positive and negative are the same contagios level
there is a lot of good television. and almost all movies suck. direct me to the piece that explains this best.
have movies sucked this entire time and we didn't even know it?
he was an all star this year
that's a good point. i ran out of room. perennial all star.
no, taxes are spent unwisely.
oh - you live in california now, b0b? tax rates vary from county to county. l.a?
it cites no exclusion for women, so why wouldn't it apply to women?
it wouldn't apply to women since how is a woman "forcibly engaging in sexual intercourse"?
we head to the fourth with the vikings on top 17-7. driving as minnesota's penalty yardage reaches 112 (!!!) with one quarter left.
vikings have more penalty yards than rodgers has passing yards. that's never going to be a good thing.
such lovely soft colors!
its all bc you were so kind and gave me all those sets!!!! u big ol angel
my favorite food is macaroni and disappointment
yeah the same
the complete astro gaming collection. speaker tags, mod kit, a40 + m80 &amp; a50 @
helmet included?
isn't she perfection???
- perfection is the right description!!!!
damn who flirting with you that isn't me tho
typical dominican to not claim me out in public smh
when you are the answer to a crossword clue!
when the clue was "mini cheeto"
go fuck yourself off a cliff, mark.
show me how?
i didn't say you were. i'm showing you that it's common in the lgbt community
you need to show communities that are not your own some respect and sensitivity.
and you never know if you'll have another chance to say it. so say it now.
i appreciate u for sayin this. cuz it's true.
i recently rewatched all of veep and i guess it's time to go ahead and do it again
i should do that
that's a poor metric for social responsibility. if i support the nat'l team, she can handle my opinion.
it's interesting that you mention social responsibility. what is social responsibility for u?
night out on the town, i am more than down
wait clubs still exist?!?! can we go dressed as the guys from night at the roxbury
listen to smashed pianos by blossoms on .
my fav in that album
i'm certain got is excellent and i can't wait to start it. however, you mean to tell me yall can believe this wild ass world but ...
... not worlds with only black people? sumn bout not relatable?
maybe it's sweat. it's hot there.
well then dab mutha... can't have the queen out there on getty like that.
somali muslims harass american citizen on minnesota street
this is encouraged by soros &amp; clinton &amp; obama to gain control ... alinsky
just hangin out with my emmy
congratulations!! you deserve it!
it cites no exclusion for women, so why wouldn't it apply to women?
it cites no exclusion because it's common knowledge that women don't have penises.
about the stream! i'd be happy to do a stream with you! or even a series! let's not let this idea get forgotten!
i won't! will talk once i get home and settled back into normal life.
exactly. egypt regime cultivates parochial interests in the us while being overall liability to national interest.
a ex-us military attache who used to be posted in cairo once told me egyptian generals lied to him routinely.
he said he was joking that it would be blake &amp; adam wedding.
apparenlty yeah but we all know a wedding's happening anywayy
between football and the , being on the west coast today does. not. suck. i can still do things before bed!
i just realized the emmys are over and it's only 8...
hear another new song of my latest solo album
man i wish we could see you in turning stone casino. it's our 27th anniversary . you rock sully . i can't wait.
you can give me advice anytime! i would totally listen to you if you have a podcast :) introvert singles like me need you!
= podcast is called - best advice! there are also other introvert singles out there for you!
this is unacceptable. what branch of the government is in charge of 3-d glasses?
oh no i just got your haircut and i just now realized it
this time will be up 40-0 and lose 41-40
it sucks lol but the cavs and indians look good
its means she finds u attractive
. why don't she just say that. women are so complex
obama directed the most audacious counterterrorism victory in world history while mocking you to your face.
he feeds off of fear
but you don't understand
what dont i understand
meanwhile i finished my one small potatoes rly wishing i got chicken goddamnit
i feel like u played me cuz i went in
the best reason to suspect john &amp; patsy: in every video i recall, even as patsy wrinkles her face, no actual tears. can't look past that.
my ex-in-laws live in the same neighborhood &amp; it's not all that odd
still trying to figure out who to vote for. loved the rant. but nothing educational was said on your side or the people.
it ain't about that...it's about us not being in actual danger
the end of an era
for real though
lol, okay, sorry mom! thanks for handling your friend running her mouth &amp; dealing with the consequences!
melanie doesn't have a twitter and im 10000% sure you know that.
dude what!?
yeah! haha my phone was acting all kinds of fucked up
nah boo boo there's being mean and then there's jokes.
i don't understand which one you think is being mean...
got a temporary place in the financial district, hopefully will be in prospect heights if we get the aptment we applied for.
good choice. hope you get it! i'm in carroll gardens, pretty close by.
yeah, i "think" i had them at dodger stadium (which isn't the best criteria for the merits)......but sounds good when drunk
most of the time, i get it at a downtown mexican joint really popular with sjsu students.
a woman has a vagina.....which a man places his penis into. a vagina cannot "rape" a penis.
the male genitalia goes into the female genitalia, not vice versa.
we are literally the whitest kids ever dog i'm dead
send me this lll
thank youuuuu i tried to tell him smh
deonna don't even front like me and farfar didn't already give u a couple black eyes over the years
welp time to start dull's essay
is it due in class or
thinking about how relationships can become commodified.
why? that sounds terrible
i'm convinced the fantasy gods want to get rid of each one of my rbs. peterson is down.
who's the other?
. is so enthusiastic about everything. i could listen to her talk about anything because she is so loving.
in a world where so much is needlessly negative, i love leslie for her unabashed, 100% earnest enthusiasm
i thought you dropped your phone in the ocean?
well, i got a new one.
might as well start carson wentz lmao
it's no rbs in my league i'm washed
giants lbs are good enough
tell me 1 guy up front on your line that starts over wilkerson richardson and williams &amp; then tell me which lb
i finally get to sleep early and there is a cricket screaming in my room i'm going to throw a dart at it
i just ended it's career. do not mess with me or my sleep. it's britney bitch.
do you care sweden is rape country in europe now? i'm sure you consider yourself an f'ing feminist too. go away
how does trump being president of us change the stats in sweden?
those are local addresses somehow. what's your prefix delegation according to dhcp6c?
my dhcp6c.conf is exactly the same as your blog (except of course for the interface names). "send ia-pd 1;" (?).
"i'd like to thank my wife, amanda peet. amanda peet, who is my wife. the actress, amanda peet. we are married. me. to her." - david benioff
dude he also thanked her when he won his first emmy. amanda peet is totally having sex with him tonight
that looks like a highway to meat sweats and i want to drive it
it was glorious. and it was followed by a pizza with prosciutto and arugula and also some grilled octopus
i feel like u played me cuz i went in
i played myself this time
love is of god... we love because he first loved us.. 1 john 4:19
"you did not choose me, but i chose u +appointed u that u should go+bear fruit,+that your fruit should remain, john 15:16a
17 out of 27! 62%! a "failing" grade, if you conform to the "rules" of "math." but in my defense who saw ben mendelsohn coming.
you didn't pick ben? he got all the raves!
uhhh, well, i did not know the incredibles was a rip of the watchmen. i'm only 20 pages in but...yeah?
incredibles has about 10 major influences
rosie does not deserve this she is so sweet loves tre joe and the kids
-the love is there!!!!
that is beautiful.
it goes really well with my giant new hampshire flag
book stack for back of the tour bus
the bottom two..... hmmmmmmmmm
crime and poverty go hand and hand
and poverty doesn't happen accidentally.
ps, y'all got my number. you know where to reach me when y'all are done tweetin.
this tweet is also ass backwards
wow, even as far back as 2011. you are truly the winona.
separated at birth.
you can hate sam bradford all you like missing half of his nfl career with a knee injury minnesota found their qb
how bout them cowboys! dak looks good, soon we get our defense back. we can beat bears next week
as a member of the texas community i'm asking you to stop insulting me over that
tx isn't a community. the bigotry, homophobia and racism that comes out of that state is deplorable!
add adrian peterson to the injury list. week 2 has been rough on running backs.
already looking ahead, but can't imagine a world where ap is a fantasy rb2
giants lbs are good enough
would start over harris dlee and mauldin. because the answr is noooooooo giant
city of bellaire will want/push 4 best commercial use of land to protect/increase property tax income
not familiar with the area, sorry
how i got my start working remotely and turned into full time by
thanks for sharing our blog! always seeking for great bloggers if your interested!
another reason for not watching if you don't have premium channels, never seen shows that have won
i watch game of thrones but that's it....
damn amanda peet's husband is fine
but why does he keep saying amanda peet instead of amanda or my wife? it's weird.
stay safe namrata.please take care of yourself. usa had not been the safest these days. once again take care of yourself gal
thanks, sad reality everywhere. got a cab from exact spot half hour before.
whoah, did you guys see that?! netflix just destroyed the patriarchy!!
toppled the patriarchy***
red sox are going to walk this off and then act like they won the ws
hmm i wanted to punch hanleyon thursday ..cocky prick
i mean. it got made without anyone saying "hey...this story..."
frankly no movies would be made if people/studios worried about a premise being used before.
why say link if your not gonna play
eh idk nothing better to do tbh
and thus wraps another ! which win made you happiest tonight?
winning made my day! :)
paradigm shift in us electionelectorate not looking good for
lol, yeah, troll about ri. that will really get to voters.
chris warren lost the kids number never asks me to chill no more smh
i figured you might have work tmm early but you wanna chill big bro
the issue here being that partisan identity may be more pronounced in both parties, but it manifests in different ways.
democrats may in fact be transforming from a big tent coalition party that navigates different interests into a coherently liberal one.
im screaming what the fuck is that
that's yo cousin lmao
the glo up
look at our baby faces awww aha
didn't expect pizza man to do it on saturday. went with big blue kitten. wrong choice. lol
yeah, looks like bbk is done. the pizza man was the other true 1 1/2 mile horse
those are local addresses somehow. what's your prefix delegation according to dhcp6c?
dhcp6c_flags="-d -d" - didn't seem to product anything exciting.
why do boys care so much about fantasy football?? it is fantasy aka not real so chill and stop swearing at ur phone/computer/ipad!!!!
and yes this is an indirect about sean behrmann i am sick of hearing "this is fucking bullshit!!!!!" in my ear
then it gotta be deep dish
i never had that
i'm seeing so many tweets like this tonight and i'm about to buy a psa bc the world needs to know
he hit on my friend at a club once and she ignored him i would give anything to trade
baby got an emmy
damn right she did!
quick reminder that i won't be online tonight! i'll miss u &lt;3
say hi to cat and piggu for us
truuu but i still love you
lol thanks for the support
update: the ended before my bottle of ros
wow. you have some serious wine restraint.
the male genitalia goes into the female genitalia, not vice versa.
a woman is not physically capable of [forcibly] putting her genitalia inside of another person.
there are actually people who claim hillary has had a more demanding schedule than trump. it's pitiful. how delusional can you be? lmao
they're counting scheduled naps.
that's not an option right now, but we'll make sure to pass your feedback on to the righ team /bl
dang. well you can chalk up a strong +1000 in the jira ticket about it from me.
for the 100th time she apologized
good then those folks did a good thing. she learned a good lesson tonight! you should thank them!
games close to me browns, steelers, bills! good luck! you get hit just because!
i've never gotten that vibe in oakland (where i sit at least) but it's there and it's a fucking joke man. i hate those fans.
wow. he was truly amazing
monstrous &amp; sublime at the same time. already hoping he comes back as the ghost of escobar in season 3.
member when celebs didn't lie about their fellow americans while defending people who wanna kill them?
i love cher leave her alone! lol
eating hotdogs on ur bench
so is decker
these aren't as closely in line but... troye sivan: fools &amp; dkla. and walk the moon: anna sun.
troye sivan is my happy place so perfectly in line! (alessia cara worked with him on a song!)
my mom fr made menudo on this hot ass day
lmao i have when my mom does that
i didn't realize it was so widespread. links? are people polling consistently off those lists? happy to be corrected
i think the main difference is response rate adjusted sample and turnout modeling; rbs is out there
that was an excellent
ben mendlesohn! awesome win!
i know you're done and over your ps project, but i think you might like better if you played with the size of the eyes?
yeah i couldn't get the one big one to get smaller again. i didn't want it that big. and i was afraid of messing it up worse
you mean we just didn't realize until we saw how good television could be?
and until television saw just how good television could be.
there should be way more peaky blinders chatter on twitter.
no. not really.
democrats may in fact be transforming from a big tent coalition party that navigates different interests into a coherently liberal one.
the bernie sanders phenomenon of making outlandish policy pronouncements and this being eaten up by his base was a good illustration of that
what did i do right in life to see rami malek win an emmy?
u fled a police officer today that's what u did
i miss yall so much omg. and yall look good. nice ass scar
hahaha i miss you too thomas
to her campaign. she has yet to disavow or return the money.
well, sinth that wath in 2004, uh - why would she? he was a democrat then.
no, b/c you don't care about facts so you can appear morally superior, while people are raped &amp; slaughtered.
please give me a link to proof that americans are being raped and slaughtered on our land by islamics. please. please.
yupp he knows better
chill yah got it lol why yah gotta do me like this
heading to nyc for an event tomorrow. they just made the galaxy note7 announcement in the gate area...
you &amp; ? welcome. give yourself extra time to travel around city.
omg we're babies
miss you steve...hope the kids are good...have you heard from bonnie recently??? tell her i say hello....
that last tweet may have been a stretch
i don't know what this chart means but my tweets in this thread will be all gone by morning
the boyd fumble from earlier today &amp; why the play was upheld after review
if that's the standard then it's pointless; drop replay and save us all the time suck.
nah he would've been got rid of ghost ..ghost just lost in the sauce right now ..tommy know what he doing
he working with them people now
i should probably add veep to that list too
it's so good, favorite show on right now
oh i thought drumpf and katrina pierson were having an affair? say it ain't so joe.
that was the initial rumor but cnn fact-checked and turned the person under trumps blanket was
i think the main difference is response rate adjusted sample and turnout modeling; rbs is out there
selzer, field, massinc, surveyusa, monmouth for starters all have done some rbs
how me and david gunna be with are mirror on the ceiling
you already know
i'm sick of slideshows on websites
burn them down
i'll hit you upside the head so quick
i'll grab you by the toe and swing you around
no problems, lol we're all in the same basket!
yeppp im in there for sure....thanks! im irredeemable too...
there's lots of frauds around these twitter streets.
i can show a 91% win ratio. winning one fight in row minus the big comes out to about 91% (even in units) =:)
bruh the marco polo commercial is so funny!!
yes bruh top 5 top 5 top 5
gonna take a long break. i been in this for a long time!! i gave everything i had to the sport... thank you all for the love!
take a break but come back with a different mindset on winning these fights. ur a good boxer. i've enjoyed ur huge .
do you think it's ok for adult's to call a child fat and ugly? simple question
i didn't do it and if someone did, then it's not nice.
uncharacteristic silence from chuck schumer since late july. tell us, is honest and trustworthy?
i thought the sunday news shows were safe at last!
i for one am glad apple got rid of headphone jack from their small mobile devices. its value to physical volume ratio was too low for 2016.
(just trying to counterbalance the haters and say out loud what many are thinking.)
i'm sick again bro i just wanted to be an ass but if you wanna chill tomorrow i'm down
yeah i'm down boyo
we need to stop this race war obama and hillary have incited amongst us good people. racism was almost dead until these two showed up
god bless from a white catholic. we cannot win without you
i hate mondays
tomorrow is the worst monday of them all. think back 16 years and you will no why.
great advice. i grounded myself:)
that's good kelly. i don't think the helicopter has a tail piece, so you probably won't get far anyhow. ;-d
thank you 4 such an amazing warm welcome!
congratulations love
sure buddy..that's why witnesses say they saw a middle-eastern man placing something in the trash can!
in nj?? so they have a witness??
his dad told me to bruh but roy never put me on .... smh i coulda been at da still if i was working there
talk his dad wtf. slide we can work there bruh haha!
i've updated the "how do hash tables work" playground on my writing page for swift 3, and with additional examples:
there's a few bits i'm not quite happy with yet. in particular, the collection conformance seems overly complicated. suggestions welcome!
thank you for that, means a lot.
- you are amazing!
let him live he's stuck in california
i'm not sincerely mad? rory it came off that way...
theres a lot of "beat her ass!!! get her!!!"
theyre still yelling im tempted to peep but i really should stay in my lane
how bad are you really feeling for adrian "hit your infant child with a switch" peterson.
i am proud of my capability to love sinners while hating sins.
he got me hooked after i saw him at bisco
cant wait for friday noww
yeah i hope they can continue to look good joe haden balled today
i'm sure he did. browns have some bright spots so they can only continue to build.
concept : spiral jelly. same shit as spiral jetty, but made out of jelly.
sounds less painful than spinal jetty
honestly imagine how cool they'll be when they're teenagers lol
the coolest. they are the new harry potter cast literally
mr. robot sure is a show, i've even been informed people like it for reasons that are not immediately obvious
honestly mr. robot feels a lot like a show that pats you on the back for watching it
dannnny!! my best buddy ever is on rock on radio right now come join! hey buddy missed yah tons!
missed ya too my friend....glad you're here!
invite only but seriously if you wanna come just message me for details
i wanna come
for a stylist or suit company..
coffee!!!!
screenshot . what movie is it? (2007)
million dollar baby
mensajes de whats app is a banger
yes!! so is si te vienen a contar and volar volar
im genuinely excited about that. seems cute of us
i just wish i'd done it on purpose, seems sinister that it was subconscious
well maybe you should follow suit, and do some losing yourself, you cow.
never got out of middle school?
it has been screenshotted
good, then take it to the police station first thing tomorrow.
we're beginning to plan our nyc november happy hour for . looking for space to host + 1 company to cosponsor. rts are cool!
our october meetup will be cohosted with and + it sold out in 48 hours. have a cool idea for november.
the bernie sanders phenomenon of making outlandish policy pronouncements and this being eaten up by his base was a good illustration of that
what hasn't changed about the democrats is their willingness to govern and at some point come to the table &amp; compromise.
then that would make her a hypocrite.
it makes you ignorant. not name calling - ignorant means "lacks knowledge."
i'm so proud it's like she blew up and everyone loves her like i do now
me too. i'm so fucking proud of her she deserves this 100%.
instagram: reporting for spam blocks as well. twitter: blocking is an extra step and the spammer still appears in search but hey, sports!
and mba's &amp; board members that don't use the product.
mostly what i'm saying is you should move to the west side
i can't afford to live on the west side alex
check out camden town. eat at burgers and lobsters. oxford circus has great clothes. i can give more...
hit me with your best shot, i'm about to take off!
silicon valley completes the opposite of a clean sweep!
the reason? not enought nanjiani!
screenshot . what movie is it? (2007)
p.s. i love you
we explored 75% of the house! the only thing we didn't do was g
go downstairs. we pussed out
i swear i think i'm the only person who doesn't watch power or empire....
empire is corny. i understand that lol
don't be afraid! if it's in its own layer it should be easy to check it on the background. i miss my ps days in college.
yeah i bet i was clicking the wrong layer. too late now, i submitted it. but ugh.
what hasn't changed about the democrats is their willingness to govern and at some point come to the table &amp; compromise.
the same can no longer be said for the republican party.
and as much as i love got, i do look forward to giving it a run for its money for this trophy next year. yass!
we can only hope joy
sick to my stomach that i would of won in fantasy if i started diggs
same dude started watkins instead
i'll slap you on your earlobe and w a ketchup bottle boy bye
foh stealin my lines, i should grab your tongue and hit it with a pineapple for that
i had to walk my dog &amp; came back middle o montage, but there are a million verses &amp; people choose to play dif ones. even lc.
yeah.... every version other than jb's, including lc's, has disappointed me.
why? i think tommy know milan crazy so he laying chest ..gotta gain his trust if he wanna break em
it sound good..
they're both responses to the same gestalt
i get that. probably why nobody raised a fuss back then since if you read comics it felt natural. i don't read superhero comics.
i would have a hard watching that game
bro stoppppp
so sad. two more years to make it right.
that thought is the only thing getting me through this difficult time.
why better?
better product, selection, prices, service, etc.
the same can no longer be said for the republican party.
this is hardly a new observation... at least since 2012 non-partisan observers have been saying the same
. did you see this? hysterical!!
love it!!!
what patriarchy is an emmy gonna topple
definitely not heteropatriarchy
new artwork of jennyplsshareshe is absolutely gorgeoushow do u like it?
she's beautifully done! you're very talented!
interested to know what you thought. i'm not a fan of this season so far. but they have two more episodes to change my mind
maybe i'm missing something but i don't get why you got a set of people telling the story, then two other people in the story
republicans stand by trump even after he 2x suggests hillary clinton's assassination
so hapless &amp; dangerous
looking forward to it! have you seen ? how did i miss it?
it's fantastic
what was it like seeing the dwad rendition of bomt is person
sweetie her best performance ever. i will
you were a big part of this, too, so include yourself in the congratulations going around.
thanks morgan
aw maaaan does sephora sell this color palette? with the gold thingies?
choice in music
[citation needed]
"a penis is the sexual organ that male animals use to inseminate sexually receptive females...."
pisses me off lol
arian foster netted me a hot 0 points this week
incredibles has about 10 major influences
sure. i was just surprised how similar it started.
p.s. i love you
no. freedom fighters
everybody ain't tia and tamera
well big salute to you and yo new one
i mean... back in new york it felt a little too soon to suggest we get bff4ever necklaces, but... it was on my mind.
i mean... i would have been like "yes, please. let's not stop at necklaces please let me tattoo your name on my face"
michael nathanson: netflix represents about 6% of us tv viewing; projets a rise to 14% by 2020.
pie is growing not shrinking.
i'm really sick rn so if anyone has some cold medicine &amp; tissues i would really appreciate it i'll pay u idc i just feel like poop
oh my god i love so much he actually brought me stuff
wait what do u typically see... how do people clap. claps are stiff. what is clapping?!?!?! i'm having a crisis now
jfc the woman's dad just died
also there is a great if/then easter egg for those who are looking out for one ;-)
just said to robert "we have to see snowden"
"a penis is the sexual organ that male animals use to inseminate sexually receptive females...."
".....during copulation." source:
beanie pre-orders are up! i'm going to leave them up until thursday (9/22) evening.
i've been talking about these since like april
white castle* burger king is trash but mind ya bidness
both worth disposal beloved
bunch a losers.
i still think you're a winner! keep it up.
i already miss it :( looking up concerts rn as an excuse to come back
i'm so mad i forgot to tell you that grouplove and the head and the heart played in brooklyn on thursday. could've gone too
great. just when it looked like the might make the playoffs...
and all politics are local
not sure who owns it exactly, moma owns a bunch, but it's chris wool
lol i meant who made it thanks! it's great
oh. my. god! those look beyond amazing! omg i need those! ours stick to "normal" mex food. otl
you can usually get them at taquerias here and it's from california.
fuuuck i should have stayed
next time. hit us up when you come back to ny
yes i will be giving talk on making the game here: no idea on recording tho
i hope there is a recording
that call on 73 was b.s. ann smith. these refs are a trip.
either call off-setting for the cheap shot on 12 or let it go. unbelievable.
did he actually
his style is literally everything so it makes sense
someone hide all the ropes, knives and guns from this game is brutal!!
for reals though i might kill someone! we're coming back though there's time
it's the eighth time derek carr has thrown at least three touchdowns in a game.
we got to start looking at the d-coordinator...
you're trash, i've been telling you this for so long
honestly her vma performance was so robotic but this made me a believer again
p.s. i love you
no. freedom writers
interesting. i get and read docsend docs all the time. i assume the sender wants to track it and maybe make updates. doesn't bug me
i don't either. if you can't trust me enough to send a deck, then don't pitch me.
but forsure don't want three scars
where you been at?
??? you and f told me bout breaking bad. and since you are not watching in you are missing brilliance
breaking bad is the only tv show i've watched in the past four years
can anyone confirm if we're broadcast on television this tuesday? only seeing lei v che on
does not look promising.
i've never seen orphan black so i'm not familiar with tatiana's work. i'll just assume she deserves the award.
she won? oh my gosh! she's unbelievably good in
god, who has called you into fellowship with his son jesus christ our lord, is faithful. 1 corinthians 1:9
in hope of eternal life which god, who cannot lie, promised before time began, titus 1:2 glory to god hallelujah!!!
can't keep up in the campaign trail, how will she keep up running this country?
but she looked so perfect on thursday or whatever day she escaped her illness!
how do we teach to the next generation? hear the latest on :
black lives and the police via
ghost already think tommy a hot head so he ain't gone even listen to his plan that's why he ain't said shit
i think dre gon off 50
i'm here for this
now it's done deal
this city has the best antiterrorism force this side of israel. come see us!
i agree. i actually feel safer in nyc and israel than in other cities.
white ppl say that natural hair is unprofessional &amp; dirty forcing black ppl to straighten their hair to assimilate into white standards
and then complain that they should be able to wear dreads bc black ppl straighten their hair like bitch ???
this is hardly a new observation... at least since 2012 non-partisan observers have been saying the same
republicans have become more extreme not only in their partisan affiliation &amp; policy goals, they have become more extreme in their tactics.
yes!!!!! tatiana maslany for best actress!!!
finally! she's so worthy!
finally watched mulholland dr. all things considered i feel i've got a pretty good grip on it.
it was ok. chinatown 2.0. check out the dinner game (french version)
when a game has outlived the emmys/oscars...
what a time
although to be fair, the final draft didn't really cover the "not killing" thing...
1st set commandments were spoken: exodus 20:2-17 2nd set on stone tablets: exodus 31:18 3rd set: exodus 34:14-26
".....during copulation." source:
"vagina is a muscular/tubular part of the female genital tract." source:
call me match maker
match me up with someone
go cuddle with your keep me safe elmo!
thanks cupcake, &amp; you with your sister.
she would be a bad democrat if she didn't insult me.
actually, statistics prove how wrong you are. not polls. evidence based stats.
reuters now estimates a 243 electoral votes, at 242. balance up for grabs.
yes, and this is with reuters oversampling dems....trump is leading by a lot more in reality
started marvin jones who was def solid, but diggs tearing it up
the man is a beast
aaron rodgers is a little bit of a drama queen.
rodgers needs to just play and quit crying for late hits. that's why eli has 2 rings to rodgers 1
frankly no movies would be made if people/studios worried about a premise being used before.
oh sure. meteor movies, towering infernos, orca/jaws. they all get aped. it just seemed sooo close.
this might be relevant also:
there's a long way to go, but i'm still wrestling with my original question: is it possible to fight 2 major fights at once?
if i was mad close w someone back then you wont catch me chilling w there ex. idc if y'all all friends.if i'm not there why the fuck are you
just a little something i wanted to express lol
i used her book a lot in love dog. mourning after in particular.
ohhh, i remember.
if i lived near ya, i would have totally come and helped when you were frustrated.
thanks! i actually watched her tutorials, they weren't as bad as the first one
remember gotye?
you're my favorite twitter personality
republicans have become more extreme not only in their partisan affiliation &amp; policy goals, they have become more extreme in their tactics.
we're in the heat of election season &amp; everything is being seen through the lens of trump but it's worth noting he wasn't the only radical
weird because chris and i made plans to hangout tomorrow too.........
i mean idk why we can't all chill lol
wishing the amazingly talented and beautiful june foray a very happy 99th birthday today!
amazing talent
wow, the reflections came out especially well.
i'm seriously impressed haha
you gotta do you! how have you been?? &lt;3
it has been tough. but can't really complain. how is the "baby" she must be getting big.
officially 16
happy 16th birthday!!! all good wishes, enjoy your day
i don't even know you any more.
i had a little hiccup
if they cast white actors in the live action mulan movie, i'm gonna freak tf out.
you do know the site that started that rumor was a satire site right?
sipowicz forever.
first bare butt ever shown on network tv.
never got out of the cafeteria?
omg that's great. now say donut, or chocolate. c'mon.
joe haden and thomas and coleman bright spots lol but 2 of the 3 have been doing this for years with no team
lol you need eli manning now. giants are 2-0 to start the season but we still have work to do. i'm out now man. peace.
the emmys are officially cancelled
no award show (unless ran by black people) hold no value to me tbh
what's one more plate?plus you have a dishwasher. or the dogs will lick them clean.
i always thought the dogs were the dishwasher o.o
10: you can see almost the whole story in this photo. look at his expression and hers.
a 3rd grader caught cheating by his teacher. it destroyed his composure. he seethed, then acted out when he was safe.
we're in the heat of election season &amp; everything is being seen through the lens of trump but it's worth noting he wasn't the only radical
ted cruz shut down the government &amp; went after his own party on the senate floor to build a national profile for himself.
a good guy with a gun ended this attack.
liberals don't believe there is such a thing as a "good guy"
i'm an average hooper at best rn smh. gotta stop messin around
get after it
i love how the first thing ever said to me in person was omg you are so tall unforgettable
i wasn't even expecting that!
i didn't eat a single taco today.
i think your account has been hacked, this isn't the real cozmo
this samsung virtual reality commercial is really pulling on the ol' heart strings...
what are they seeing???
we're driving and my mom is playing miley cyrus' cover of jolene on her phone
my mom (basically a selena stan) is now playing "we don't talk anymore"
"vagina is a muscular/tubular part of the female genital tract." source:
"forcible rape, as def. by fbi, is the carnal knowledge of a female forcibly &amp; against her will"
lmaoooo i fucking love gordon!!!!!!! we've gotta watch this season!!!!
yeesss!!!
i have a little experience with fourier optics. it's not hype.
it can still be real and be hyped
look at my lil nephew he loves me
idk he looks like he wants to fight
frankly no movies would be made if people/studios worried about a premise being used before.
note: i don't read super hero comics so i'm only seeing it through an unfamiliar with the genre lens. it was just surprising.
just how many times can that force awaken?
once for every human on alderan, i think.
am i doing it? am i buying a pink computer?
it's not pink, it's 'rosamund gold'
respect goes both ways why don't you put your buddies in check
i have buddies, only on here to call out the bigotry i saw with the word "tranny" being used.
my mom (basically a selena stan) is now playing "we don't talk anymore"
this is payback bc i told her selena can't sing
liesdown and covers face omgg u guys......
i'm so proud of my keith
remember the good old days when cap guns were toys, pressure cookers were used for cooking&amp; alarm clocks woke ya up?
trump violence, violence....omg give me a break..give me those days back...
leaving their ancestral home: alaska village votes to move due to climate change.
they built their village on a sand bar
i say that because i seen the game call him out. game hasn't really done nothing but beat up 40 glocc, which isn't credible
i disagree, that man beefs with everyone damn near.. he handled young buck in them hands
good luck using google to research btw. they are
i've been using
i read 2 pages past what i set my goal at so now i can reward myself with 2 hours of netflix right
you know, treat yourself to 4 hours, 2 more pages = 2 extra hours.
this is the next best thing
incredible @
lmk why nicole was this happy when george said he'd bring us ice cream
she knows what the good things in life are
this one is for you thanks for the inspiration!
gracias my friend! sounding good!
that's why the joint terrorism task force is the lead! research the facts or go home!
they now have surveillance video of a man seen at both locations in nyc 23rd and 27th st. we'll see.
nah! she just started following me. kinda amped about it too
if only twitter allowed voice notes.
lol i'll face time you to bae
nah jk i don't have high speed anymore
i can't wait to apologize to my wife and kids for never being home
can't wait to tweet the crap out of your speech when you do, lady. still my favorite interviewee, ever.
can you dm us with more details on your experience?
kiosks at the burger stand impossible to read with out reading glasses, but ipad accessibility turned off. no staff to help.
as long as he stays in the afc west.
or 49ers or cowgirls
so why is the race, as my old cbs news colleague dan rather might put it tighter than a wet bathing suit on a long ride home from the beach?
if you knew dan rather you knew he was tighter than a wet bathing suit
200 seems like a lot, given the size of the territory we're talking about here.
i guess they have the itty bitty sized nuclear weapons.
: briefly talked to pilot, does not know why the a319's brakes failed. asked about hydraulics and repeated they do not know yet.
why would a pilot say anything? alpa would not approve.
those are fantastic!
. i liked the whole exhibit, by a local sculptor.
tomorrow, secretary jack lew meets with 's margrethe .
will they bargain down $aapl &amp; $db
ted cruz shut down the government &amp; went after his own party on the senate floor to build a national profile for himself.
in other words, governing norms were already being violated before trump ran.
really? crazy if that's the case.
i'm annoyed the property transfer thing is only intra-county and for... 55+?
he might ..if 50 don't get him 1st
50 getting soft, he's time about to come.. maybe next season..
can you dm us with more details on your experience?
also, really great burger. and an improvement to pay there rather than on main line (food gets cold).
and if you dip into hip hop at all, give angel haze: moonrise kingdom &amp; detox a chance.
ok, to try to repay you for the music you have blessed me w/: vera blue: hold; banks: waiting game; and marian hill in general
kel and i are going to maine in oct. i'll bring it back and throw it back on the field tbh.
i'll get that one too.
then what's keeping her from going somewhere else? life is tough, rachel.
the republican controlled congress have systematically denied extending benefits for military vets.
i'm having a good week in fantasy football
typical mirro fantasy post
go take a shit maybe you'll be less of a bitch
wow, i do see that you have some mental issue problems. time to block you. you're racist &amp; insane!
jhaze said you're washed idk man
dude have you seen my movement it's literally a1
do they ever anymore? cable is where all the great shows are
but then it's kind of a waste of time to show the awards on regular network tv.
"when niggas got so much to say i barely even speak at all, i keep it all stored inside my memory like a sim card"
ill super nice
would u get ur dick sucked by a toucan?
id love to get sucked off by tupac
doubles down on birther claim. &amp; her panel discuss:
it's the campaign of "i am rubber you are glue" deflect, deflect, deflect
i've seen 15 minutes of the emmys now and this show is excruciating
it was excruciating after 4 min
incredibles has about 10 major influences
sure. and it skewers tropes. i get that. i did not expect the watchmen storyline. i'm just surprised!
check the news... 4 suspects in custody! wonder what their ethnicity and religious leanings are?
watching news now no mention of 4 suspects in custody. in nj??
not really. great lbs always had a great front four.
oh really??that a fact? because i remember a jet team that had 20+ sacks between cox/mo lewis w marvinjones in the middle and&gt;
wow microsoft exchange policies are not kid friendly. 5 bad pass code attempts and phone is wiped. guess no calendar on my iphone. :(
lol, pretty sure every microsoft employee learns this the hard way. just be glad it wasn't a wp10 phone where it's 100% wiped
cause that's not misleading....
i wonder if rt is providing the broken api or if it is google that is failing at implementing it.
just played a $50 singles chall that went 5-5 every map........wtf
did you win?
better than aaron right now
no threat of ap makes a difference
or 49ers or cowgirls
he'll fit in sf.
who is that question directed to? if me, then no, you are mistaken.
i'm on your side!!
"progress is on the ballot. tolerance is on the ballot. democracy is on the ballot. justice is on the ballot."
lying two faced treasonist bitch is on the ballot!
you've got that pretty taken care of, i'll pass.
come on, do'nt disappont the fat cow. say something with pizza or "find a gym" is a god one too. you can do it.
i got home from work and just wanted to relax and here i am crying because what else would svu make me do
better go buy more kleenex the new season starts wednesday!
well, on the neat side, i was able to download this directly to icloud drive for the playgrounds app.
dang. having it work on ipads would be really neat. i wonder what i need to do to make that happen.
right after this, he got woke up with a kick lol. he was so confused. lol
lmao! idk why anyone would want to get that drunk at a game. have fun sure, but to the point you don't remember shit?
haha you need to fix your twitter connection on instagram
you own. plz fix
just because you follow me on social media doesn't mean you know me.
you don't know me, you know of me.
lol you're wrong for that, lady! (sheepishly ticks "fav"...)
if you have a chance tonight watch 60 minutes on the nuclear submarine that we have. god bless america! im 4 hillary!
oh, i think you're talking to dude who blocked me hours ago. :d
sorry! i just got in the conversation.
not really. great lbs always had a great front four.
the dlineman were guys by the name of oh rick lyle and jason ferguson. tell me who the starting des are for kc
tommy playing chest ..he gotta gain milan trust ..how else he gone get em ?
can't wait to see
"you're an art major how tf do you know how to massage so well"
family trait for sure
exodus 20:13: thou shalt not kill. exodus 31:15: kill all those who work on the sabbath.
the justification is the niv bible says "thou shalt not murder" and killing for god isn't considered "murder"...
just filmed the most personal &amp; painful video of my life. so scared to post it but i know it's for the best. it will be up soon
love you gurl! &lt;333 cant wait to see it.... *hugs*
what do you think about american horror and its format of duplicating the paranormal shows?
i like it so far. it's different from any of the other seasons.i'm just hoping evan peters has a big part in it or i'll b mad u?
he'll fit in sf.
that settles that
she asked him if she should upload that pic,then asked what to caption it and he said it meant sum about goals
ever in spanish*
think: austin nine-floor parking garage without brakes!
what is toyota doing about dangling car in the air? name of d victim isn't released
sad fucking news for women everywhere.
god's gift to women
if your twitter account is solely dedicated to starting arguments with others online, i feel so very sorry for you.
who are we gonna punch?
"the one influencer" killed me
can't wait to see obama on techcrunch tv after he pivots to venture capitalism
i'm too tired to go through this now. google it. even many people in tech can't afford to live here. there's no supply.
nimbys here have strangled growth for all incomes and businesses. it's a racket.
so colin powell did purposely use private email and devices &amp; did advice... by via
the ba***rd had the gall to lie abt it 2 incriminate hrc. all gop r corrupt!
the quintessential rose pak piece, when saw her weep in hospital over lee's disappointing administration. rip
she was an outspoken straight shooter an annie oakley of these times ...
goodnight everyone i'm out
goodnight tim and tucker. sweet dreams
go take a shit maybe you'll be less of a bitch
ok this one is a little nuts up top. i got this tweet 4 advising her to turn in a sex predator!
interesting fact: eastwood tied for most best director nominations this century 3 (12 films!) guesses on the other 2?
iarritu and ang lee both have 3 noms and lee is 3/3. between these guys we have 7 of last 15 best director oscars
unfortunately,women like siggy are rare but they are out there.when we find one,we must cherish the friendship.
- thank you elle!
manhattan never ceases to impress upon arrival.
from the hotel room. incredible.
we've been cataloging the places we've visited on rail: houston restaurants near rail -
what about abasolo!!!!
christie claims trump's birtherism is 'a done issue': new jersey gov. chris christie said sunday donald t...
another sicko go back to eating your twinkies
- great photos!
this is where just launched that ball
watching news now no mention of 4 suspects in custody. in nj??
i live in nyc. we refuse to live in fear here.
i watched a movie instead
i yelled at football
this obama's speech just proves that democrats treat black americans like they own them.
that's what you call obama panicking
yes....but it was the most stressful i have ever played in my life
idk how you do it man. i can only play 1 or 2 a day.
wealthy texans get so much drunker than the rest of the world.
tell your dad hi for me.
that has nothing to do with it. she annoying. plus, for a person that doesn't have a job she makes a lot of demands
she's a mom! that's a full time job.
something i'd see someone do at your house
shit i just saw this
listen to the radio ?
lmao yup, 105 ?
i yelled at football
did the yelling work
there goes another 5th grade level retort common core educated i see
&amp; who better to judge on maturity than a drunken asshole? thx.
my wife takes belt in the am, she's a school teacher.
school teachers - a truly noble profession btw.
not really. great lbs always had a great front four.
who has had the best lb core the past 5yrs. 3all pros. please! stop w the blind luv &amp;use some factual content
what trump is most missing is any conscience at all. he can lie, distort and spew hate with a straight face. he cares about none of us.
without a conscience you really do not know right from wrong...
note: i don't read super hero comics so i'm only seeing it through an unfamiliar with the genre lens. it was just surprising.
whatever you do don't watch yojimbo and the hidden fortress before watching star wars.
if you don't take a screenshot did it really happen?
we finally did it
cap despises blind patriotism he would hate police brutality and racism, and he'd completely support
i will shit on comics cap all day but i would strongly argue that he would stand with kaepernick
we agree with - we love
- i love you!!!
why do we need to see this? tell me why? why?
this season is more proof that teresa should have her own show. mel and joe are the only ones who are tolerable.
that was so precious! time to start watching mr. robot. with all my free time
it's my new fave show.
11:11 *paris hilton voice* make a wish
i can never look at her the same way again...
sooooo, does censor unintended acceleration discussion like ?!? these commenters want to !
wow and censoring, toyota has taught everyone so well about lies and coverup.
i love to drink my own piss and eat my own shit. thank you
this has done insanely well
overthinking too much to the point where i start to question everything about myself
nuh uh, momma didn't raise you like that, do you bb
wow that acronym is a blast from the past. got any of dem perfect skulls, mate?
you need to keep the pskulls for rerolls of the magic items, duh!
an especially rough
the last guy .. the last one
lol i'm not being edgy. evicted tenants should get a free attorney too
yes, they should. we're organizing for right to civil council for low income.
i just read this :') can't believe you've been here for a year and i only visited once!! i'll be at the maine friday if you are
hahaha ikr and now i'm in a new apartment in manhattan ooh!! wow so many events popping up this week haha :) i can try!! :)
been thinking a lot about well-poisoning of markets lately. they get there first and convince people decent service is impossible
that plus slash-and-burn prices makes it tough to get started. really sad.
i thought that's what a cajon was? thing you sit on? i dislike them too, but 75db is 1 of my fav current bands, made me rethink
thanks both of you for listening and the interest. my inst. is technically a cajon, since that word means "crate".
i don't see anything that says whether this is live caller, or robopoll. which is it?
live, 58% cell, eng/spanish
zack morris raped dj tanner &amp; then she invented the viral video. i discuss it all in painstaking detail today w
the greatest lifetime movie of all time. so underrated.
this is weird but it's bothering me that jimmy kimmel is pronouncing taraji's name with a g sound when it's a soft j...
it's not weird it's rude of him!
meek violated game on this track
bro i'm a come clean it's trash, he got 8 of his big homies on it. game went harder
big ass bug chillin on my window sos
dude there was a big ass big crawling up my leg at tailgate and i freaked and no one saw it so they all thought i was trippin
true. network tv maybe should step up their game though
they really can't compete...the rules are too strict for non-cable shows to have a chance
in other words, governing norms were already being violated before trump ran.
it has gotten to the point where being disagreeable and not reaching deals is becoming a goal in and of itself. a marker of commitment.
that might be true but he's got a ring, something the whole viking franchise doesn't have
rodgers best qb in the nfl
wine with lady karin is a pleasure, i can have a drink too right
of course... or country house (i need to get them twitter)
what don't u get? lol
why do you need an iv.. confused
i haven't seen either! i'll put them on my list. michael shannon is a great actor but kind of scares me haha
he has a second film coming out this year too, "loving". he is going for an oscar nomination with this one for sure.
using stuff like hey siri is just night-and-day better and more responsive. worth every penny to upgrade in my opinion. series 1 is all win.
like five minutes ago i thought "hmm, i wonder if siri is better on the new watch." so that answers that i guess. good job.
did u watch story tonight on our nuclear operations? being president is damn serious job,votes count, choice counts.
i did see and that's why i could not be more enthusiastic to put in the white house.
that's it, i'm done watching
...fuck..hanley...ramirez...but our giants are rolling (2-0!!)
thank you huls i love you and i really really miss you
i love you more and miss you and cant wait to see you
"senator, we've got breaking bombing news. should we alert the press?" "no. instagram."
so many assignment desks, so thirsty. "call us, call us." no, why don't you fucking call him. not difficult, guys.
he's not a rb
yea, that was reckless of me. : \
the thought of his finger on the button scares me sh*tless - feel as if: piss him off &amp; he'll use it.
thiis may explain why both and went immediately 2 seal divorce documents something dark in his 1990 hx
there is a lot of good television. and almost all movies suck. direct me to the piece that explains this best.
"difficult men" is a good book on how this came to be:
i really like veep but i was rooting g so hard for l!
so many of us were.
i'm seeing moonlight tomorrow
where is it playing?!
capricorn: wake up bitch!!! yall so delusional!!! nothing in the world is promised get over it
can u stop this already haunts me daily
for some bizarre reason i forgot the cowboys were a texas team. ah well i don't follow sports.
i'm not exactly sports fluent myself. that would probably fly over my simple brain. :p
y'all don't talk to me anymore..
oops!! i didn't go on twitter much last week - busy week!! sorry - i will be back in full force this week =) haha miss you! ^m
i'll defer to you my friend, probably one of the most authoritative experts on the planet. this
not picking on you! you go with the data you have. just my little psa.
worst summer. job a friend had was as a ice cream vendor at a zoo being handed sweaty clevage cash.
this is one of my favorite tweets ever. a woman who does that has to be a mother who's been driven to insanity. totally gross
awww, lol. i couldn't believe it. i was screaming at my sister. lmao.
i didn't think he would cause so typical to make people wait but he deserved it
day 2 of the weekend of action! where are you volunteering for &amp; other dems? i'm in !
hc lied abt destroying evidence under subpoena jake tapper &amp; reveal that hc lied
daredevil and jessica jones. i heard the get down is good too but i didn't watch it yet.
i watched jessica jones already and just finished the get down . and i want fond of the dare devil movie sooo.... what else?
she unfollowed me dang had me feeling special for a sec
brand new.
traditionally a cajon is a lot smaller. seems more like a custom instrument. has holes for varying tones. a bit more meaty.
mine is also trad. in that i found it on the street, like the orig. use of found boxes/drawers/whatever for perc.
can we watch rhonj now tho
mom is watching news
huh. i guess those docsend folks need to work on their marketing.
they are already aware of my view. i think their marketing is fine, some of us are just grumpy old men :)
fuck sorry for existing bro
nah, u bool fam, he should be sorry for existing
guys i need help for the overweight classic. here is the list i have so far +dave mastiff
undertaker listed at 300 on wikipedia
marking it as ios probably spins up a sim on mac even if you don't use uikit, but you can do it in the file inspector
try it now (and yes, it does sloooowly spin up a sim now :( )
yep. and a sasquatch. and kittens. and the race started with a recitation of the speech from independence day
i've never wished so hard to have paid money to train for months to run a lot. that sounds amazing.
most impressive thing i've seen all day
this makes me want to cry omfg
mia at aspen right?
and we have lit ass schedules?! hell yea lmao
one would have to be brain dead not to have some reservations about $clvs. what they did was worse than normal scumbaggery
well, they have a parp inhibitor in clinical trial..that has won back a little bit of class for an otherwise trashy company.
if i saw this i would've brought u milk tea
:(( maybe next time, i wanted to go stop by pure but i'm procrastinating a lab
and like i cant blast my music anymore because one earphone sounds louder than the other, its fuckin annoying
i would be mad until i had a new pair of earbuds
bears on snf, too?
2 peimetime bears games in 6 days!
nk 20? really?
40ish kg of pu + unknown stockpile of heu = 20, easy.
i'm sorry to hear it. i'm still dealing with some dogs from when i was in hs.
i've learned this much: i'd be horrible in a war zone. i'm sorry to hear about the dogs, that's way worse
fired up. ready to go. 51 days
look where u r and where u were before you vote for hillary..you are in the same stupid ugly spot. nowhere
something i can see you doing.
i need one of those suits
this is so weird
very bad and horrifying
i think i'm breaking out in hives.
that's what you get!!
it's funny. i think the most wasted money i ever spent is on ipads. i have about 6, and only use them for website/app testing...
the ipad is surprisingly useless
an egyptian pastor that has been living in the usa came to visit us in cali and is trying to make us say egypt sucks
mom and i are so close to snatching his cross....
watch your mouth
like i just don't get it what's the point?!
fr people need to learn to stay true to what they say instead of just doing what benefits them at the time
so can we like get this tattoo'd on our asses or something? this is key as fuck
i just don't understand how no one asked nypl about their experience providing internet access to the public
curious too, no prior experimental rollout &amp;evaluation? how to meet/understand need w/o qualitative study?
i'm not joking i see you doing big things
i really appreciate it
"music theory for nerds" (this is quite good.)
am tempted to nerdily explain some of the confusing points, but the pleasure of discovery for the writer will be more fun.
i tend to write really well to "lies" by trifonic, &amp; "see (the beacon remix)" by tycho. lies is basically a plot bunny.
omg yes it is. i crank elusive by lianne la havas kind of for that reason. it's on my chill, nora jones-esque writing playlist
i will shit on comics cap all day but i would strongly argue that he would stand with kaepernick
receipts mostly jst arguing against racists saying how cap would be against kaepernick (he wouldnt)
not necessary, as that's not the only definition of rape, there is no need to do that.
it's the definition that matters since it shows that women are not physically capable of 'rape'.
why are you subtweeting
crick crick crick crick crick crick crick crickcrick crick crick crickcrick crick crick crickcrick crick crick crickcrick cri
most place pakistani arsenal at par or larger. pakistan's small economy must be strained. all nukes saudi subsidized?
well, it's not that expensive. see our friends in north korea.
i think the question is will we stop being obsessed w murder. as a species we've oft found death more enchanting than life.
well-put. our fascination with death is growing with the ballooning distribution of murder stories &amp; channels are dedicated to it.
boo supporting actor and actress in drama series should have gone to
is pablo escobar nominated for anything lol
gotta find a new show to watch on netflix
quantico!! or stranger things!!
okay san fran. i love you, but when i come out to play, you better not be sitting in those goddamn seats. this is a rock show.
we'll be up for your set - conserving energy in this damn heat. you should come out and say hi to me and .
no i read palms for ppl
lol i was just telling that i wanted to get my palm read
you think so? let me relisten
it's not crazy but it's do able
mephisto run later? then cows?
sorry man. it's baal runs or bust for me!
ikr? i was ready for disappointment cause my faves never win. lol.
both my faves won! i had just finished orphan black this season (yes i finished something..) perfect timing lol
i found my glasses
fuck yeah!!! good shit bro!
and keep in mind they're not looking at their own friends either, at least not the ones sitting across from them.
'eye contact is the first victim' ;^}
ommmg who did that??
someone in one of the fb beauty groups i'm in posted a link to one where ppl literally have donated $500
yea have you seen his youngest son, doesn't even seem to like his dad. sad.
his mom sez she rubs caviar lotion on him. that's humiliation.
yeah i did read he built the box himself for custom tones! i'm so into that band haha
i made a replica, but the first was found on the street. :
&amp; you had no problem with me until i said "ew" about your friend sooooo
i didn't have any opinion of you. i didn't see anything that made me feel any type of way. until now.
bruh, i couldn't even fight showing how annoyed i was smh. i shoulda thugged that smile out
straight poker face ... i feel you tho sometimes you can't hold it back tho still all jokes
yeah hillary coughs and faints... i'm waiting for them to release the video of trump in the woods at night drinking unicorn blood.
dont hold your breath.....unless u have to cough!
was it any good? i never saw the first one i don't think. i can't remember.
ha, i was saying you went to it.
for someone that is so racist &amp; misogynistic, the clintons seem to spend a lot of time with the donald...
all part of the 1%. the elite and they love money. nothing personal, guys, we own this place. smile! play nice.
this is where just launched that ball
yankees season is over but it was a good run by our young players!
lacy so chubby like a little cabbage patch baby
cabbage patch baby better at football too
the only bad thing about bridget jones baby was seeing the "a dog's purpose" trailer again and having it make me cry. again.
i loved how the movie was able to reclaim gangnam style
i'm not convinced that none of the many rbs have done that, but it's a minor point &amp; not impt in the end
i'm not aware of anyone that's done it; importance is subjective, but cut weighting 60%
i'm going to sleep now
g'night chutney
how stupid is this guy??
he is stupid on steroids. he is off the charts stupid. being you asked
omg that's awesome congrats! i gotta see your new place :d how far from webster?
i live uptown! just one train ride though on the 6 :) on 106th st it's like, 20-25 mins driving!
help! found a lost wallet on haight st. in sf for camille angelina labrousse age 28. can't find her on facebook
is this her ?
that's what women do. marriage rule
at first i thought this was a response to having to do dishes.
this account only tweets about awards shows now, if ur looking for yankee plz go elsewhere
if you're looking for i put them way the fuck over there.
you seem to have the superseded def they don't use anymore. try this:
it doesn't really matter that they "don't use it anymore". it is what it is.
did you see when the announcement is made?
i remember this happening when riding as a kid, sue is heck a lot quieter the the aging breda lrvs currently.
i will, but i'm traumatised by your language, at the moment.
omfgshgx really!? still with the "language"
the fox preview is down, but emma hunton rocky horror picture show opening act nye 2015 rockwell
awesomesauce.
i call it....hanley on fire
hanley on
i would give that credit to girardi and dellin before hanley
lol this guy thinks that hanley took out layne on thursday
i'm planning on hitting mexico, i'll text you in a bit
coo, just got my passport renewed. aight.
a pleasure, joy, and blessing to be with you guys today. thank you.
thanks for serving us so well today!
i promise you i'll have a benz by senior year
or a bmw not decided yet
i have to get my c up to go to ramon ayala
what class?
top 5 disney movies of all time, go!
pirates of the caribbean first second third forth fifth movies lol
i have now watched one season of "treme" and so far my thoughts are "fuck you, sonny"
brother directed it!
attention all game of thrones stans in my mentions: i'm blocking you
someone rly argued it was feminist lmao
not necessary, as that's not the only definition of rape, there is no need to do that.
you haven't established that women are physically capable of 'rape'.
met my favorite cubs player,jason heyward. he came on the field, signed my cubs shirt &amp; took a photo.
wait i voted for a cubs fan?!??
wait, why are people hating on maisie? her dress/makeup/hair are far more original, colorful, and unique than 90% of the red carpet.
i love it, her eye liner agrees with her. on point everything.
if you're not in love with your best friend i feel sorry for you
thats im secretly sad all the time
i have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. i do not want donald trump to be their president.
me too,i don't want to see trump to be our president , i want to be proud of our president not to be ashamed
i promise you i'll have a benz by senior year
or a bmw still debating
us will go after iraq with no missles&amp; destroy use media 2 propogate pak syas we will use nuke us silent and will giv more funds
us's favourite allie is the paaki-terrorist dogs. even if paaki's use nukes us will suppoet them dont trust us
gotta say tho, not sure how one would do it better than they do.
start with 1 chain store, integrate deeply with inv system. in-app chat (w/ scripts for shoppers) for handling replacements.
we're not built for real life. just the care bears movie
that actually looked a little bit too "real" for me
how many times has rodgers lost the ball?
too many smh
sorry for the wait! we aim to meet the delivery date provided at checkout. please let us know if this date is missed. ^vv
awesome yea i just u guys to know 1 day is better i don't way any issues i'm donating my other sweatpants to tha homeless :)
what's your favorite part so far?
my whole family is out here so seeing them, but it's also so beautiful here
the idea that the us will deport 11 million people is absurd. we should not be in the business of tearing families apart.
never trump
i have a really long interview for i'm editing. should i release as:
neither - four fifteen minute power blocks, spread out over sweeps
i think all i need is to know is that someone will love me no matter what, which is why i need a puppy
puppies will never break your heart
i have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. i do not want donald trump to be their president.
i am with her
our video from at 60 w23 in case it's helpful, has sound.
hi can cbs news use this footage on our broadcast and online afterwards? thanks so much
photographer who found second thought device was a science project via
maybe it was the "clock boy"
i'll stop when you stop
crick crick crick crick
tita, i'm going to sf to see balu, do you want me to pick you up?
when are you going ?
nobody tell him about globalization
turns out if people aren't forced to build pipe organs under threat of starvation, the vast majority of people stop building pipe organs. hm
can you not
crick crick crick crickcrick crick crick crick
i just want to say your awesome your a great actor!
thank you for that dj!
crick crick crick crickcrick crick crick crickcrick crick crick crick
i've decided what the color of the season is ... it's olive green
hell yeah! guess who unknowingly bought an olive green dress last week? thanks for the update, make good choices
my ass gotta run for the train now greattttt
train comes at 11:21 and i'm 6 blocks away so i'm not going to make it i already know
brady is still i'd say rodgers is
i like brady (because of where he went to college) but i'd take rodgers over brady
oh shit. &amp; "drop the game" flume/chet faker
i saw chet faker live this summer! i loooooooove this song. he's like a smoother black keys
whatchu talkin bout lol
lol good times bro. glad you stopped by.
'sjw' 'triggered' 'lack of logic' 'gender studies class' i got asshole bingo here!
also on asshole bingo: 'cuck', 'beta' and nonsensical racist shit.
spoils me on the regular
a little too much and i don't get shit
aw, yeah. i know. i'm so happy for tatiana. it's about damn time she won.
i was thinking it wouldn't happen.. cause she only had two more shows after this.. i could see rami winning multiple
okay shut up that is john mulaney he is my favorite comedian you would love him watch his stuff on netflix
hahaha okay!
boys: i'm not trying to race you, i just like the wind in my hair
oh i take great pleasure in racing and passing men while running
aw, yeah. i know. i'm so happy for tatiana. it's about damn time she won.
*shots not showss
gotta say tho, not sure how one would do it better than they do.
pay everyone involved enough to maintain accountability. have existent customer issue resolution.
fell in love with a mini sewing machine. i need it so i can finally hem all the scrubs that don't fit me cus i'm so short
i actually am decent height.im 5'6 and i still have the same problem. i wear white for work and the bottom is messed up hate it
as that's not the only way a person can rape, that is not necessary.
if woman isn't putting her genitalia in another person, i don't see how else she could 'rape'.
when u writing ur sad gay memoir and ur straight friend sends u a vid of him proposing to his girlfriend and its beautiful and u want to die
i'll take you to the wedding it's fine it's gonna be fine we'll dance it'll be fun
$imgn if they can have any good news relating to their pipeline,will likely triple in 2017, specifically around their wholly owned pipeline
i started a small position in ira acct where it can sit for a year or two or 3 bags. better than a shoebox. $imgn
trying sushi for the first time ever.
that's a lie man
the jazzy influence on marian hill is great.
that's what hooked me. it's a duo, the woman who's vocals and then a guy on saxonphone. they're great.
yeah working with single chain would be key. i would almost expect the "runner" within a store to be store employee too.
if possible! that would ideal.
that's hilarious!
and last and least. like everything else he's done. the dubya.
my anxiety is so high rn. i'm struggling to study for state board
you'll do amazing just remember to always sanitize haha
thank you gorgeous. means a lot coming from you.
i just caught up with the show &amp; yes indeed kerry u were amazing. we need to hear more from u on this campaign
my poor grandmother is so hopeful, bless her heart
my grandma thought i was married. had to break the bad news to her.
the us war on terror has cost $5 trillion and increased terrorism by 6,500%
and it will never end. too much money and power at stake. the am empire will never end well.
"i will eat half of the side of pasta and pass the rest around the table so my friends can try it too"
you tweet a lot and don't answer text or calls
is it some footage or something i ain't see nothing pop up. he does a lot of talking bout i don't think he's that guy in
this was like 06ish
my period is over a week late for the first time in my life (pregnancy is not a possibility) i keep calling it my jesus baby this sux :\
inb4 "wow the little miracle"
no problem, all we have are estimates to fit narratives. could japan and s.korea produce nukes in 6-12 months in a crisis?
i think about the problem a little differently; that it's such a big decision, they would do it right. so longer. (1/2)
3/4 will is also focused on drawing attention to vt's &amp; it's woeful use of
ok but 80% of vermont farms are small dairy farms
pretty simple: mike zimmer is a great coach.
he is. very impressed.
tbt to when and i had a 106 day snapstreak and now we struggle to maintain anything over a week long
we were just friends for the streak i guess /:
take life day by day and be grateful for the little things.. .*.*
beautiful dear farah. have a great new week
he had eyes full of galaxies.
he's my new favorite artist.
turns out if people aren't forced to build pipe organs under threat of starvation, the vast majority of people stop building pipe organs. hm
there are still people who do "traditional crafts" but the amount of people willing to pay for them is small it's not a popular hobby
what can i say? i'm nice on the sticks. step up, johnny boy.
d still trash tho lmao
if possible! that would ideal.
it's hard to scale, but focus on: "did my customer get the groceries they wanted" as the sole metric.
ain't no sense in frontin when you know i got a thing for you
tattoos, big muscles, and boat life
thanks for the retweet!
anytime love!
$16 million....
besides that (please do not got on...) rt $16 million....
mechanical pencils
don't you enjoy the smell of a freshly sharpened writing utensil?
looks like riverboat ron rivera's new young and ambitious arch nemesis on the grand missouri river.
nice hat. let's eat some cracker jacks and play some shuffle board. lmfao
want the best nutritional supplements? here's a little known secret! !
ruii look at what time it is here in the east 11:15
you know you're really sick when your dad says he can hear your cough from across the store
prolly from the rain &amp; splash mountain
aah farewell sunshine &amp; nyc we you @ soho, new york fashion district
hi fellow brit we are here too enjoying hard rock cafe. x
fb has sent me seven... seven notifications to wish you happy birthday, but wont let me post on your wall. fuck your birthday.
i had to work today and the seahawks lost. fuck my birthday indeed.
who out there still listening to you are all to blame? which songs are your favorite?
fret is my number 1.
"pay everyone" well this plan no longer seems workable
remember the "sharing economy"??
always great to have usafa grads supporting navy football navy
love your desk, ! who did the decorating?
the biggest hole for the buffs is depth. these injuries sting cu more than they'd sting the average p5 team. but the mentality has changed.
lookin forward to the pod this week
apart from movies, sohail, who has directed freaky ali, says he has always been interested in sports.
look at these assholes , india attacked , 17 killed &amp; these dawood scums , talking about freaky ali jai mata di jai hind
you aren't fully with a person unless you're both in altspace
i only ever feel truly in the moment with someone when we are both watching a webinar
yes, 5 more days! super exciting! you can really feeling the kn magic working on the non fans. have fun watching balu, tita!
thank you! i sure will! my heart is already swelling with excitement
nah she doesn't have a tattoo on her arm
well she does alot of makeup tutorial so...
i know how it feels but i think you're wonderful and that's pretty great too
thank you
yo. wtf is this
don't tag me in this
i approve, frankly. let's get everything down to one port and use it, i say!
it almost happened if they used usb type-c instead of lightning. soon computers will have usb type-c/thunderbolt 3 (same port) only.
i've been an apple fan for 25 years. i'm still an apple fan. but every year they reward my loyalty with a little more disappointment.
so well put. and i can't believe a lot of people disagree with this, or call it a perception problem...
it was a statement, not a "convo."
that's fair. do you now believe he was now that trump had to back it off and that the evidence is overwhelming?
i know right? i was just thinking about that too.
i keep buying them and they sit around with dead batteries lol
and there it is
that is so cool :d
want the best nutritional supplements? here's a little known secret! !
bharose how you know grandfathers name
if you don't immediately lizard-tongue your movie popcorn like a stoned iguana when the concession person hands it over, i don't trust you
i'm grateful to not be the only one
whole foods got one bathroom for girls and guys here in af fuck outta here dawg smh glad i ain't buying either the line is long aaaffff
the one on haight is sooooooo fucking long last time i ordered a drink and went to the bathroom &amp;the lady said she threw it away
that's hilarious!
nite, my friend. only good dreams!
if you want poor service go to .. completely ridiculous
whoa definetly unacceptable and i apologize whole heartedly for this. as a person with allergies i can empathize with you here...
congrats to author will allen for being named to the politico 50 for his work on labeling -
also known for ripping dairy farms who are not certified organic, even as these farms struggle to survive
i've updated the "how do hash tables work" playground on my writing page for swift 3, and with additional examples:
(and now it runs on ipads o_o
- is investigating the death of a man found deceased on a bench on the iron horse trail near walmart
is there an update on this?
heck yes indeed
i always tell people that if they go beyond "lovefool", they will see a dark band (ex: "higher") coated in nina's sweetness.
neta que i feel you im about to do the same
i'll race u on the freeway blindfolded, with our headlights off nd then we'll let go of the steering wheel!
i spent two weeks hanging out with a guy last summer and on his last day in town, he casually drops that he was chet's drummer
i am in physical pain for you right now. like.... how do you not mention important things like that
idc that nigga meek still hasn't recovered from that drake l
i think he did he just litterly bodied the game ...and on dc4 what he's going to do to drake
help! found a lost wallet on haight st. in sf for camille angelina labrousse age 28. can't find her on facebook
quick twitter search turned up !
quick emmys question: the espn oj miniseries is like way better than the oj show winning all these awards, right? (i've seen neither series)
both were great in their own way. i think the scripted show was esp. good in its treatment of marcia clark and chris darden.
ok but where was the bashing when the game did this? stop it.
y'all love bashing meek but when game or any other artist does it y'all act like it never happened. stop dickriding for some retweets
maybe it does to you. i'm no tough guy, but don't take shit from anyone of any size, in any life. i know who i am.
hats r the real winners. la fan: fedora. a-hole written all over it. sea fan: beanie. 90 deg heat. wtf? scream dude: yankees lid
i used to be part of girardi somehow has this bad roster above .500 twitter but oh no not anymore, has to be bottom 5 manager
funny thing is bad bullpen decisions cost us probably 10 games this year
i love her logic in this video. bitches aren't "furyba" but niggas are "furyba" which makes bitches "furyba"
is she saying "for everybody"?
quick destiny question: on darkblade, do you have to kill him with the sword and the warden with the sword in the 30seconds
you kill the designated warden first and then the darkblade immediately after within that 30 seconds
how do you not lead with that.
right?! like "hi i'm tim and i'm the drummer for chet faker"
want to hear a sick joke? it just cost me $15 to post you a letter from sydney!!! how ridiculous!!
omg that's crazy!
if you want poor service go to .. completely ridiculous
and can only say this is definetly not our policy. do you mind me asking which location you were in and when?
i think about the problem a little differently; that it's such a big decision, they would do it right. so longer. (1/2)
but if we treat 6 months like the biblical 40, then the sense is right: they are constrained by choice not inability. (2/2)
see this you liar?
security better frisk trump b/4 the debates
it doesn't give me the option to restore
it looks like switching to 4-digit passcode causes it to happen. it worked when i went with the 8-digit passcode
vikings rb peterson out of game with knee injury
how many teams did you have him on!? rb graveyard out there today...
today i learned that nobody can be happy about anything. even if you try and do something that they like, they will hate it.
some people are just impossible to please.
escorts equivalent of the walk of shame, the walk of a sore fuckhole! he ripped me a new mancunt!
totally needs gentle swipes of my tongue...
what do you do and where do i apply???
i work at the shelter in sullivan county
all brains are weird. just look at the bizarre state of the world.
yes, sirree.
girl in the pic looks too lengthy/tall too
some people appear different than they look in some pics , got anything else for me?
i'm coming!!!
at work they opened a taco bar. if you don't like tortilla taco shells there's
logging into apps on a new phone sucks, but! keep 1password open on the mac, hit copy, paste password on the phone, bam. so good
!!! oh man! i didn't even think of this!
never stopped tbh
lmao ugh get rid of it
also, what about nominations for the strain? you seriously going to give horror the shaft?
i mean, the strain's not really a very good show so...
guys, it's ok to get manicures. nails looking like you been chewing through them for years.
my mani pedi spot gives me free unlimited sangria so you be bopped getting your toes done lmao
what would happen if we were to walk around knocking down old people? would it cause an earthquake? would we be in danger?
read jose saramago's death in intervals for a detailed account.
come lick my skin
i just went to your page to look at wtf your pic is and your header got me sad
i mean, if jon snow can get a nomination, why can't dem dragons get a nomination or two?
good emmys, but and getting snubbed pisses me off more than a 6-hour chris evert tennis broadcast.
quick emmys question: the espn oj miniseries is like way better than the oj show winning all these awards, right? (i've seen neither series)
the espn doc was much greater in scope and covered oj's entire life, not just the trial.
lmaooo mane this pure comedy
gay dude pulled that
so why do people assume india has more than pak?
india is bigger. which is a terrible reason.
he followed me a while back.
im expecting the unfollow in about an hour
same omg rip to that little cutie
:-( the baby will be missed
if it's not lady gaga nor adele headlining the super bowl halftime show, who should it be?
britney fucking spears
awesome! do you think this technique could work on jeanspants?
yes great! makes me want to print little 3d figurines on the pants.or penholders?
train comes at 11:21 and i'm 6 blocks away so i'm not going to make it i already know
still in the store
ted williams will always have an *? are you wasted?
best player right now.
headed to london. got all the puppy cuddles i could squeeze into the last 24 hours in sf.
safe travels .. again
don't be sad love! you're awesome
thanks b, i'll do my best haha
you in cali tho
lol i'm in the high class area, meaning military
happy birthday 10 tests for india as an opener, 10k+ runs in first class &amp; now a cricket commentator.
nice flick shot. bat is straight as an arrow with right hand on top of left! great picture.
"my adhd is not that bad." "joey i was lying naked in your bed and it took you 15 minutes to notice." "i was battling the elite 4, chill."
like damn girl i was making sure i didn't use my full restores too quickly it took a lot of concentration
i just want to be allison janney, is that too much to ask?
i want that too. plus i'd like all her cast off clothes since she always looks amazing!
i watched it last week lol can't just knock a good show cause you feel another is better
you most certainly can lol
scrappy sinks he makes no effort to stay afloat he's lazy af
we gotta get him a life vest
they drop like flies when i get all buster cards orz
have you tried using the mages association outfit? :o
also known for ripping dairy farms who are not certified organic, even as these farms struggle to survive
ruthless sneering judgment of farmers who have tended vermont farmscapes for centuries, a divider.
i just walked out of an ikea in under an hour, buying less than what was on our list, buying nothing that wasn't on our list, under budget.
sounds like an ebook how t that would really sell! you might be the first ever to do that.
this show makes me want to be more antisocial than i already am
i've also never wanted to be a hacker more than now
these women ain't shit, but hoes with tricks. baby girl, you different when you're not around, it feels like something's missing
started out as just a fuck mission who'd have thought i would've fucked with ya
the world has just absolutely gone mad.
it only take one ass 2 corrupt the system trump this garbage never happen any other presidency racist conduct
i didn't mean it -- i'm just mad because fb won't let me love you. happy birthday, buddy.
yeah the notifications get annoying (present party excluded) but i really appreciate it!
beauties. beasts.
thought you guys really had a chance, maybe next year!
want the best nutritional supplements? here's a little known secret! !
i love you too baby girl you are so cute and funny as hell but it is a very nice and funny as hell in my head
wished sum who have touched me ..sittin here watchin my n came to mind
i'm old &amp; didn't begin to include all those who i cheer loudest for...so... (belated)
the jazzy influence on marian hill is great.
in a total mellow turn, i listened to the swell season every day for a year.
who the hell is tyler
just some industry dude i have a lot of mutuals with. we follow each other's work here and there too
i need to date a guy who knows how to dance to country and can get down to hip hop and edm
just needs to be able to dance in general.
started out as just a fuck mission who'd have thought i would've fucked with ya
we everything that they talk about know them haters be watching
what?! take me!
we'll go soon, it's right near the mount on south broadway
i miss my home button and headphone jack
god took them home. grieve, let go, move forward. that's all we can do in these dark times.
no one cares about tax returns from a private citizen. i'm sure he paid as little as possible as we all do.
not a private citizen any more. rule of thumb if you have skeletons in your closet they will be found if you run.
this bride is serving cooks as the champagne at her wedding...even my 21 year old self wouldn't drink that
i'm really sorry but i think you're 22?
not watching the
so apparently beyonce lost out to greese live, i didn't even know that was a thing...
played nothing but rampart tonight after the ppl.
hook city, population 1
here's a three hour loop that i listen to as background:
pausing the race for space to listen to this.
all 6 right now are all off and with empty batteries. i charge once i need them for testing.
lol. maybe one day they'll add accounts and make it more useful but \_()_/
i legit need a real source of knowledge. all i get from my outlets is the bashing of the other candidate.
read articles from credible sources but again that has no relevance ... trump is a bad and unqualified person
the fact that hes getting his fighters well paid for irrelevant fights makes the sport even more a business. thats ruining boxing
nooooo. look at the fights.
lol idky i just know i would, roxy would definitely be earth
toph is my soul sister
hanley? hes never tested positive for anything.
you know exactly who i'm talking about, give me a break.
just watched on : instantly fell in love. a phenomenal film. cc:
thank you, shawn
like clockwork i'm tapping out
gwow that tweet can be taken more than one way...but
my man focused!
supah reportahhh.....
all these dbz jokes are just krilen me. i can't gohan like this!
you should kakarot in prison for such puns.
we'll welcome you back with ! we hope to see you soon.
you got me. i will never, ever, never, ever take you for granted again after nightmare.
they've really been roasting hillary good!
what channel are you watching???
drop bands on snow globe tickets...
plsss i need my bestfriend to come with me
santa fe is magical love that place esp the georgia o'keefe gallery
fun city for art and food! nothing beats that combo.
unrelated to the discourse we just had but i have a perfect response to that second tweet
when will comics steve stop forever
while i was out getting boba igot some more art supplies i dont need and now eating katsu curry don... :q
slippery slope of temptations...
good morning twitter world! "happy monday"! wish you all a perfect start in this new week!
have a wonderful week. happy monday
we everything that they talk about know them haters be watching
them bitches lurking, yo page locked &amp; they still know when you shopping. they still know that i'm balling. you still know that i'm all in
want the best nutritional supplements? here's a little known secret! !
why you look that way hunny you sad what's wrong tell me will you what's the matter boo boo or tell me if i can help what's bo
i saw that!!
great for destressing. he has meditation zen master voice
what's up with the no endorsement on the lobby prop? genuinely curious
mostly folks said the same thing about the condom one, a bit far out of our lane.
what is the most marxist emoji ( doesn't count)
hmm. probably because the money flies from the bourgeois dogs to the hardworking proles
i love framing conspiracies in operational reality.
lizard people are immune to the chemicals, taylor. obviously.
i mean, this season of was damn good but the americans!!!
right??? wtf??? no wins at all? whatever. we know it's the best, that's enough.
clarksburg is on some other shit. lynching? really? trash pure trash.
what happened?
thank you, . i speak your name.
wow how great was that! however, i was waiting for the bababooey follow up!
juan's hair is sick today. signed, epstein's mother
let him have it john, give him the old mellow roll
shit was super sus how he was saying ooouuuu on the track
no bro that diss has everyone rubbing there hands for dc4
took husband to his first symphony today, had to explain that the woman farting loudly during the climax was not a part of the show.
it was still very magical! i hadn't been since fourth grade, so it took me a second to figure out what was happening before us.
the only bad thing about portillos cheeseburgers is that after eating one my hands smell like one for the rest of the night
"bad thing" excuse you
i did a whole blog post on painting keyboards and shit on somewhere. send pix!!!
(here's a link to charity's post, since i'm on a computer:
it is the most nsfw thing i have wanted to tell other people about for years.
what the comic? it's brilliant
boi i don't got time for that
but you got time to subtweet me though
what is the most marxist emoji ( doesn't count)
also i found sullivan's two fav emoji
lmaoo u ain't shit. he gon bring the turn up! i want my blunt(s) he owe me. he owe me 2 more spark ups for that hw assignment
so when he spark you , you gonna tell me that still don't require me unblocking him
no one can't debate that. he's just a north runner
we got "locke-y"
silicon valley completes the opposite of a clean sweep!
ha that's hilarious
good morning
beautiful tits
imma check out this netflix series with scully from the x-files called the fall
is it another sci fi show or a mystery/ thriller ?
shea: "i'm trying to remember the name of that show that larry david was on" .......you mean the larry david show?
or curb your enthusiasm which is probably what they meant
mcdonalds hires foreign h-1bs, fires 70 american accounting staff
f__ you mcdonalds americans first
mostly folks said the same thing about the condom one, a bit far out of our lane.
some thought it was reducing grassroots ability to engage. i didn't really buy that.
yo, is this you in the purple?
it could be her twin
want the best nutritional supplements? here's a little known secret! !
bothering you you look very seriously upset at someone something isn't right no smile for me boo boo
tatiana maslany finally won i will never shut up about this ever
tbh my body is still shaking i feel so alive
i only ever feel truly in the moment with someone when we are both watching a webinar
you destroy 100s of your synapses every time you use the word 'webinar'... and every 3rd time a puppy dies.
rail service is temporarily suspended between newark airport and elizabeth stations due to police activity near elizabeth.
ruined my night. was supposed to get to nyc at 10:30. it's now 11:35 and i'm in new jersey still.
need a ps4 ts add causticdeathics
still need a ts?
you'd be surprised more people are closer than they'll admit or know
please dont activate a long convo n me...actually had a friend tellme they seriously considered suicide while out of work
i have so much respect / fear for my mother
i did too when she was alive.
is that the harry potter looking robe? i'm wearing it xd they obliterate my berserker's hp with a single attack
oh no i meant! you can reshuffle the cards!
uhm no that's gay
all i do is lose since i've won that $400
some thought it was reducing grassroots ability to engage. i didn't really buy that.
in the end, most voted "no endorsement".
when will be on ?
- i was on last week!
president obama suggests sexism might hurt clinton's white house bid via
it has been the issue w/ sexist ppl and when bill was gov. it's archaic and needs to change now!
the gop/preibus may have handed ohio to hillary clinton by threatening to blackball john kasich via
that man is going to stand for what he believes in. now that is a leader. would have had my vote
let's go to war.. but only if those sitting in tv studios lead the charge. how easily they forget soldier on border is also somebody's son
to be honest this war may be totally different...delhi mumbai may be hit and may be the n- word...god bless us all
you seem to have the superseded def they don't use anymore. try this:
"superseded" according to whom? in whose opinion?
hey everyone!!!!! said we're not friends for five minutes because i brought up a typo he made yesterday. like come onnnnn.
that's a fair reason
how about just use him in ways that make more sense like blitzing? hes really good at it
you cant always blitz. he can't take on blockers on run d. i'm really gonna enjoy watching the all 22
hmmm ... we might have the return of "peanut butter jelly time!"
i'm sure in it's a one time deal. i bet even the pre-schools only allow gluten/nut/sugar free versions
fortunately
listen i'm already hot and bothered by the weather i don't need this rn. *fans self off furiously*
lol the second device was attached to a note written in arabic.
so lol it's unrelated
i'm looking to add, hopefully before it goes off. it's risky like anything, but upside is huge, it's fallen way more than it should
funny you mentioned cldx too. old winner for me in '13. just re-started a new position in that too. good speculative play.
chemistry makes me feel dumber than i already am
. feeling the same exact way. i have a test tomorrow too
what the fuck is up with fruit flies?! like, where do they come from?! do they come from the fruit? i'm done eating fruit, fucking flies.
the struggle is real.
homecoming with my best friend
awwww you looked so pretty
ughhhhhhh. i know i can, but still. lol.
if you get behind any further you'll never do it.. i'm doing one show at a time.
and now, . good choices have been made.
ugh, this show can deliver one hell of a gut punch.
now he's playing pretty wings. get me out this car man.
lmfao he hitting notes over there
doubles down on birther claim. &amp; her panel discuss:
ok,she also joined obama administration,became secretary of state,and also campaign for obama.
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
nah you are just thinking of yourself. how do we be strong???meaning what? just words. shut up.
reading through this thread hurt. this dude's argument was google that for me
it's not up to me to provide evidence for your claim. burden of proof and all...
what did y'all think of that trailer for "what now" that just aired during the football game???? october 14th will be here before u know it!
oh i'll be there
is that the harry potter looking robe? i'm wearing it xd they obliterate my berserker's hp with a single attack
by the way, i see you're using gudao. i have a cute button of him from a set of pins i bought, would you like it?
yaasssss. usb3-c is awesome. although i hear it's not quite a full replacement for hdmi. :( (not sure why though)
thunderbolt 3 is definitely a replacement/compatible with hdmi. it includes displayport. thunderbolt 3 uses same port as usb type-c.
totally agree. voters will not make birther issue a factor when they vote
: that's right. we do not give a hoot about the birther issue, now, though we know hilarity started it.
. tells his role model for vice president is dick cheney
speaking of sexist and bigoted.
i presented @ 2011 aapor conference with empirical results from 08-10 data thus implemented.
our post tomorrow will include something fairly reminiscent of your '15 paper
will help these names.
talked to hrc lately? - i mean since her dx of allergy/dehydration/pneumonia/others?-
back at it again!!!!
whea the cassette tape?
im done with wagers until iw and cod4
just play $8s
sorry i was being sarcastic
whew was getting nervous i was not on the same channel
she ain't gon win every damn thing
but she shouldn't lose to carpool kareoke and grease live
why do i think asking for help makes me manipulative
why do i think doing anything at all makes me manipiulative
brown sugar
bingo! this shit hilarious
is that the harry potter looking robe? i'm wearing it xd they obliterate my berserker's hp with a single attack
i won't ask you to pay or anything, i just want him to go to a good home of someone who actually uses gudao wwww
my review of: and the media - politics and strategy
does wadi want to be a human shield for hamas
well he's the starter for this game and beyond. will see how this plays out
meanwhile red sox are beating yankees by one in bottom of eighth. yankees still competing for the wild card.
this is the category billy on the street could've been nominated in - the snub heard 'round the world!* *ny and parts of la
seriously! well at least you know how felt when apollo13 didn't win that year and should have!!
good gawd. i am legit tired of having a headache. it's been on and off 3 days now. go away!
are you feeling sick, mel? :(
kelly and michael young killed us
2 abs, 4 outs
wanted to share this footage of me now that the are over. this is signing off-night, friends xx
that is you???
reasons why i'm ready for 2017: - the oval master ed carpenter banner imma make - i mean there are other reasons but that's the big one tbh
i cant wait to see that tbh
lmao my complex will only allow cats
gold fish then lol
want the best nutritional supplements? here's a little known secret! !
rui the ndfrkbothering you hunny you know i figure that akways fucking around with you boo boo
reading through this thread hurt. this dude's argument was google that for me
the burden of proof is always on the one making the positive claim.
almost forgot who i was for 2 seconds
b call me i need you to humble me down pronto
this is changing soon. smh. you need to be cultured
i shall do whatever it takes
"hannah come in the living room we are performing a seance, bring the cat"
brig the cat
just ate the most delicious cookie and then i realized it's a vegan cookie! made me think of !
ditch all those animal products, and you are surely to get a very satisfying, delicious and compassionate food. ;)
i'm going to send you in the wrong direction for midnight: naught boy - no one's here to sleep
but it's bastille so it's worth it!
is he on drugs? what the hell....
ahhh that's a fake page. no way did he want that war.
that's it? someone sent me this account. am i being hoaxed?
is this a prank bro?
trump is the perfect weight for a man of 10 feet 8 inches in height.
so, he's undertall?
want the best nutritional supplements? here's a little known secret! !
or is it me you're bad at tell me nuh boo boo
the burden of proof is always on the one making the positive claim.
with your claim being that women "are capable of raping men w/ their vaginas".
for my oakland stadium-obsessive tweeps: i can confirm nfl's eric grubman was here sunday, has meetings in bay on monday. not sure with who.
keep obsessing please..gives us hope
i've literally never met a man who goes by "jimmy" &amp; there are two dudes named "jimmy" currently hosting major network late night tv shows
used to go by "jimmies" but now go by "sprinkles"
give me something on netflix..
stranger things , narcos , daredevil
flix noche
gorgeous photo. tysm hugs xo
if you like retweet &amp; follow sophie vip
great breasts!!! i'd love to tit fuck her all night!!!
but why the men get video clip intros and the women don't?
i said the exact same thing to shelley! maybe fewer stupid pb&amp;j sandwich skits, huh?
i don't really care about trump's taxes. i want to see hills medical records
you obviously can't think straight you should ask 2 see trumps mental health records
does this also mean no snarky replies to trolls?
no guarantee there
with your claim being that women "are capable of raping men w/ their vaginas".
i disagree with your opinion that a woman can use her vagina "to commit rape".
it's 90 degrees at 8pm :( gonna be a long night trying to sleep ugh
indian summer for a couple of days. agree very warm gonna be hard to skerl.
where the spirit...
for the law of the spirit of life in christ jesus has made me free from the law of sin and death. romans 8:2
i leave my house in the morning while no ones here , come home around this time and still no one here. i live alone now lmao
you can live with me
saturday's attacks show that failed obama/hillary clinton polices won't keep us safe! i will make america safe again!
what policies would that be exactly?? if a crazy person sets off a bomb how do you prevent that? what policy mental health?
kkk member sen robert bird and hillary clinton. wheres the media outrage?
because the systems rigged for hillary, .
she did start birtherism
except it was, per
securing colonial violence and expansion |by
what is the west bank?
find a lit color and i'll do it with you
okay i'm holding you to it
agreed, also cause they were first?
probably doesn't help.
the retards are out in full force tonight. are we nearing a full moon?
bro it's been bad the last few nights. it was the harvest moon....
as an unbiased third party with no special interest in the matter, i choose the phoenix mercury.
thanks for your unbiased opinion
new music: meek mill ft. beanie sigel &amp; omelly - "ooouuu (remix)" (the game diss)
that was pretty hard
sorry patsy! from reading her time line my guess is or (or maybe both)!
i think you're right on there!
i alway feel like saying , your free! take that oppression off sister! let your hair blow in the american wind.....
lol there r ppl tht choose to wear it though. i know a person who's husband tried so hard to convince her not to wear it.
i'm going to send you in the wrong direction for midnight: naught boy - no one's here to sleep
also, this is my everything-this is naughty boy's pic on spotify. let that percolate
some of ny's most vulnerable ppl - older street-homeless men - used the free wifi, so ny jeered @ them&amp;took it away.
so openly masturbating &amp; porn-watching is ok with you? i'm liberal, but i don't wanna see dick wanked on the street
people who don't "get" lady gaga are the same types of people who have never had to create an identity/ discover themselves. sad!
i see so many people who assume personalities based on what they're fed through the machine and it's really, really scary.
"i'm feelin a lil emotion coming on so i'm gonna peace out"
quote wall material.. can't wait to start is again
i disagree with your opinion that a woman can use her vagina "to commit rape".
rape is an act of a penis going into vagina/anus/oral cavity, against one's will.
turn the volume up high and enjoy what i like to believe is my finest work. lol
how did you record this vid?
yeah ap is still one of the best ever but barry had zero supporting cast
excuse me, herman moore would like a word with you
i understand he's a top qb in the league, i'm saying imagine if he had weapons, the level he would play at would be insane.
i've been watching him for a long time and i've never seen him mise as many throws as he has tonight
i'm naked on all fours with my tongue out as far as possible.. i'm smiling so big.. give me 100 loads so i drip with cum..
oh baby i would
so much choke in the air as we approach folsom
some event going on?
i don't buy tv-is-better-than-movies arguments, or vice versa.. but the emmys make a better case for their medium than the oscars do.
w emmys you feel "there's so much good work out there." w oscars often it's "there's so much good work ignored." don't know how to fix that.
or you could always go as jenna runner or jenna jogger.
def not my brand
he went from a legit defense in cincinnati, to.... this, in oakland.
that's what i kept thinking. he knows how a real defense should play.
the fact that i thought sarah paulson played ms.honey in matilda for 2.5 seconds lol
she does look like her
hold on i wanna make a chart of my favorite sword boys
what about this sword boy
wait. be home in 2 min after this silent af man driving us gets to our street
i have so many questions
. manny was hitting .414/.497/.769 on may 23, 2001, 44 games into the season. yowza.
nothing beats manny '08 dealt to lad, 53 games: .396/.489/.743 with 17 hr 53 rbi and 16 ibb.
obvi. just pick one.
none of these babes has pink hair tho
are you as relaxed as boston is?
this guy likes to think he is, rather smugly at that
i bet is stoked about performing at super bowl halftime show this year
i think it's just rumors but i'm so down for that!
"i'm feelin a lil emotion coming on so i'm gonna peace out"
quote wall material... can't wait to start it again
great seeing you today!
you were amazing love you
yoooo bloodline is so good. watch it!!
mendelsohn shoulda won awards for it, he's amazing
i understand he's a top qb in the league, i'm saying imagine if he had weapons, the level he would play at would be insane.
but i agree if you ever gave rodgers a top 5 receiving core he would shatter records
securing colonial violence and expansion |by
wadi believes in pali colonial terror against the jews who were on this land long before arabs
beauty and the beast and the lion king are top 2 for sure tho
the lion what?
i thought the same thing
toastyness levels ftw
go fuck yourself you ignorant, racist piece of shit.
he really is a racist pos!
rape is an act of a penis going into vagina/anus/oral cavity, against one's will.
so i'm not understanding how a woman's vagina can "go into" either a man or woman
thank you for offering! i'm not really attached to the gudas myself. :d maybe someone who really likes him will want it!
maybe some day.......... until then he'll stay nice and safe in his protective plastic packaging
i alway feel like saying , your free! take that oppression off sister! let your hair blow in the american wind.....
but yes i agree w/u let it outttt! especially if u don't choose to put it on! i think hijab is ok. burqa i have prob with.
i wish you all a nice week ! take care !
beautiful greeting. happy new week dear friends. tysm
friends in/around sf - this is a must attend show that is putting on ft. &amp; more:
ticketmaster, nooo
saw the competition video gonna send you a couple videos here's the first
and this one might work too xd
ah figured you were referring to this.
oh, yeah--no you already know that's in there. '15 is too, but prettier
the mass effect trilogy is one of my fav. new ip's from last gen. me2 is awesome!!
i desperately need to get back to my me2 playthrough!!!
"i will take it as an insult to my legacy" -obama never worried about the american citizens. always about himself
obama knows that black vote is slipping away, and he's mad as hell, and he's not gonna it anymore!
union chief asks police to stop escorting miami dolphins until players stand:
: it is true that some of these players are grossly disrespectful, but we cannot deny those who are respectful.
larry ellison's keynote is a wrap! which announcement are you most excited about?
container service :)
what are your guys thoughts on scorpios? i've come to be in contact with so many lately, it's wild
i dont know a single person that is that
we're in times square by the stairs in the middle area near mcdonald's, disney, american eagle, and t-mobile!
ny meet up was a success!
symptom of some disease? where are 's medical records? yet he confused trump with reagan.
guiliani also forgot 9/11 occurred on his watch when bush was president
sorry patsy! from reading her time line my guess is or (or maybe both)!
i feel sorry for her kid!
i can understand trying to help with t and her relationship w/ the cousins. she has rel experience. jac does not
- jac is trying to help bring everyone together. she doesn't like to see anyone upset!
yes.. you don't think they can find an apartment, rental ect? might be homeless like this c'mon
. chaos is right teqo is not going homeless any time soon
so i'm not understanding how a woman's vagina can "go into" either a man or woman
vaginas don't "go into" penises. vaginas don't "go into" other vaginas.
that's good. and it can power laptops, too. moar usb3-c!
yep, it's the true ultimate port. supports data, video, sound, power. reversible. usb 3 for cheap devices, tb 3 for high bandwidth.
lol my favorite snaps are 's hauls / unboxings / reviews
"pls like, rate &amp; subscribe. thank you for watching!"
easy to abuse pakistan in tv studios.but retaliation against nuclear armed state fraught with immense risk. issue must be taken to un sec cl
saale coward, besharam ,hypocrite. india is not scared of any impotent warnings from the porki.we all trust r military capability
thanks so much love! !
you're welcome gorgeous just speaking the truth
clinton vows isis defeat after 'apparent terrorist attacks' across u.s.
just as soon as she takes a nap!
go fuck yourself you ignorant, racist piece of shit.
actually, to quote george will, he a bloviating ignoramous!
if yr looking at map in earlier tweet, site of explosion roughly btw words "new york" and "midtown" straight up from circled area.
they arrested five suspects on the verrazano bridge, according to univision local news.
he went from a legit defense in cincinnati, to.... this, in oakland.
nelson always played cover 2 in cinci, he's not used to playing center field, thats not his strength
lowkey he did.
the outfit change was on point
i'm not going to do my job or protect the "constitution" i'm sworn to uphold, unless people stop exercising their 1st amendment
thats why says
a case study of toyota unintended acceleration &amp; software safety on vimeo are you trending by make?
what is your credential? what kind of expert are you? you may want to read testemony
oh donald, again making a statement not supported by the facts. you're so pathetic
thought trumpers wanted a pres who could keep terrorism at bay. elect him, and the field will definitely shift.
you were supposed to see me graduate high school, graduate bmt. we were best friends and you left me. my heart aches forever.
mom told me you were supposed to surprise me and hand me my diploma. said it was all planned out. guess you had other plans
all suspects in play: lee, ray (envy) lee's mom in law, b, a student, history teacher bill hayden, ms. abbott
lee's mom in law? like, the old korean lady?? lol. doubtful
the older i get the less people i trust
thats a fact of lifes experiences. keep trying new people pumkin!
to me it was a no-brainer
which did you choose???!
they still gonna win
but they lost they two of their best players
ugh, sounds like good savings though. how long have you had it?
3 weeks, but i need to find tires at a decent price
happy birthday !! i miss you so much and hope to see you soon hope your day was nothing less than perfect
thanks so much lindsay! miss u sm
and then: the reason i have robert skoro - in line on my playlist. internet gold.
omg yes. that's like the hozier dance from a few years ago. it can change everything
i miss the loml
miss this sm love
this is the greatest thing i've ever read sounds about right hahah
i absolutely died hahah
u should un-private your account cus i hella relate to your tweets
just for you, jason and same, i relate to a lot of yours too
. writes op-ed saying that debate moderators shouldn't live fact check:
the idea that the moderator shouldnt fact check is absurd. the publics decision should be based on truth not passion
me*explains traumas caused by my mom* her: damn man, fuck her me:
this photo reminds me of a video u might like
nah shit was fire lol
i just want him to redeem himself on
having written things for jezebel that blew up bc i misread situation/wasn't fully informed, i want to empathize re: the jld post. still.
like, i'm sorry about the vitriol that's being directed at nice ppl who made an error in ed judgement. but the criticism is warranted.
singers where??? not in kerubu.
leave her. she clearly doesn't understand its instruments she will sing to
right? i was like damn she's been around for so long and still looks young lol
ha idk why but i was looking up that miss honey actress recently ...
rt if you remember
sausage party! yeah i remember this movie.
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
entertainment tonight making fun of you. ha ha.
guess i'll never see game of thrones then.
i got you. do you have an ad blocker on your browser?
i think the craziest emmy's upset tonight was the warriors blowing a 3-1 series lead to the cavs
honestly, this still isn't talked about as much as it should be.
just wrote a thing
were the ghosts in ur house listening to u sing?
o my god you're right.....he's a fine upstanding sword boy and i trust him
me too, he's an amazing... lovely...
love!!! want to make one for my next place so bad, s'cute
thank you i'm so proud haha! you totally should it's a necessity. my living room is now the place to be lol
green-wood cemetery will sell its own (maybe haunted) honey
why do i want this?! : green-wood cemetery will sell its own (maybe haunted) honey
want the best nutritional supplements? here's a little known secret! !
i love you more than you'll ever need in your lifetime to be able to do it again and again in the morning and the rest of your
now i'm even more confused.
atm=at the moment
w emmys you feel "there's so much good work out there." w oscars often it's "there's so much good work ignored." don't know how to fix that.
to repeat: this is not about respective quality of movies/tv, which is a dopey fight. it's about awards as effective celebration/advocacy.
hopefully he dropped them off at hq
but the hq got destroyed by the mutant zygarde
and a mentally challenged anti-hunter wishing harm on my kids/stalking my instagram. the harvest moon explains it
screen shot that shit. not that they'd really do anything, but it would be funny to see feds show up at their mom's basement.
i saw on kc undercover!! it was her i know it was!!!
yes it was me, and i'm on part 2 next week as well. thank you!
on repeat for days...
thanks ! but even better to send folks here, where the whole album is streamable free (and for sale!):
somebody just compared condom sex to reading braille with gloves on
it's just not the same
my review of: and the media - politics and strategy
wadi supports hamas terrorists who are evil.
i have that on my list
the problem is that the project will quickly look like this
which did you choose???!
sorry i mean which did you cheese??!
spotted on one of the most expensive pieces of real estate in the world.
got in early. now that ideology is too expensive.
join and as the host dishin days today live at 4pm pst/ 7pm est don't miss it!!!
until abby gets back if i had to choose between gabi and ciara for chad i'd go with gabi lol.
i love cnn. hillary unsteady nearly collapses! guys! she was down for the count!
: and the shoe does fit.
: , win big, makes history, star grabs gold
that star's name is &amp; she's an awesome talent! you will hear that name again many times!
no shot my son didnt yak before the night was over
he had to of yaked no more than 5 mins after the video ended lol
you drunk lol cam been dominant for some time now my brother
pretend fitz isn't wilding on the jets
then if thats the case, focus on your own private flaws and leave my flaws to god. i love you and i celebrate you!
you brought your flaws to the public attentions so deal with the consequences.
please note that train number 158 is currently on a hold status at this time.
what's the status of ? i heard something about police activity? please elaborate. in detail, not cursorily.
this seems like as good a time as any to tweet that i don't watch tv
i am just clarifying: tv is fine. movies, also fine. flip books are fine. zoetropes, fine.
alright, where's my walking dead fans? who met their fate last season at the hands of lucille?
probably gonna go the comic route and go with glen if they wanna make it truly shocking make it daryl pep lost there minds lol
reading through this thread hurt. this dude's argument was google that for me
also, the above washington case says "attempted rape", not 'rape'.
yes! first timer here. (can you help a sister out with what attire usually is? business casual?)
first time for me too
the for outstanding drama series go to
of course, there is no better show!
they said october, right? any chance for a pre-order.
that's not my department. i have no clue.
wondering what the annual fees and charges on that property are?
there would be a prop tax and a body corporate i'd rather pay that than buy an ordinary overpriced property in aus or nz
first time i think ever i'm actually kind of excited for my birthday
happy birthday man!
at the office rn! grinding til the wheels fall off
yes! only way to make it, keep grinding
thank jeffrey!
no, thank you. i should model that as a missile. neglected to do so until now.
oops, sorry about that - i'm not sure how i missed that email! just replied
thank you, o benevolent and malevolent carrot! i figured you were just busy plussing the newest update!
i also thought the condom no endorsement was bad too, good for you tho, seriously
what do you mean by that?
i haven't heard any new info on shawn lucas?
i heard they called it a suicide. smh.
also, the above washington case says "attempted rape", not 'rape'.
there's a big difference between rape and attempted-rape.
i fucks w/ &amp; so hard we so down for each other
love you bby girl!
like, i'm sorry about the vitriol that's being directed at nice ppl who made an error in ed judgement. but the criticism is warranted.
when you prioritize mocking people (who happen to be celebs) over critical thinking/reporting, this is what happens.
my new makeup tutorial is out! the launch party is tomorrow night, hope you can make it! xoxo
where is it though? congrats sis i've been waiting for this moment!!!
that's a big difference from your last visit.
i blame my own context :(
singers where??? not in kerubu.
cele though? let the singers eat all they want.
someone come play bo3 on xbox or ps4!! i'm bored!
i uninstalled cod otherwise i would.
honest to god superman adventures is one of the best single issue superman stories period, end of sentence
i might need to do a full review of this issue, like i did for world without batman, it's one of those 1st stories i ever read that stuck
me to the injury bug.......
it's all over the nfl. there's not gonna be anyone left come february!
garry was the best. awesome to see them recognize his genius.
that was really nice judd
that's why i ldon't short stocks
those who are willing to short a $1 stock (seeing lots of them in twitterland) must have a very low opinion of themselves.
willfully and knowingly lied on his resume to try and make himself sound more important. shameful!
and then threw a tantrum on cnn when confronted about it
the games were some of the best i have ever played. the ending was legitimately pretty horrible.
i never played the standard ending. only the extended. i liked that one
i ain't do shit to nobody so if you don't like me i'm assuming you're just a hater hoe \_()_/
haters gonna hate
don't be ridiculous. 500 million would be close to 1/4 of the world's pop at that time
stalin killed 500 million. lol there was even 500 million people in russia
want the best nutritional supplements? here's a little known secret! !
boo boo nan i don't like this look of sadnesses on your veautifull face i missed your smile runa what can i do for you to make
1999 &amp; 2016. then ducking pak shelling at tololing. now standing proudly.wearing same para jacket a friend presented
mr gaurav, take permission from your fellow journalist who were taking sides of porkis. they will object to ur stmt
also, the above washington case says "attempted rape", not 'rape'.
the act she committed upon the man is not defined as 'rape', but 'sexual assault'
na man that shit tough! he spazzin on that.
i'm gonna listen to it again because i highly respect your musical opinion big dawg
orphan black's tatiana maslany wins outstanding actress in a drama series
why did they play the clips for the men and not the women?!
this may be the perfect joke.
this is what its about, or should be anyway: [
are you watching it too
duh lowkey trying to be him
he's throwing curve balls at my life rn and laughing i'm pretty sure
it's like he wants me to punch myself in the face!
adrian peterson can't put any weight on his right leg.. sad
speedy recovery sir
i need a rodgers turnover. badly.
football gods answerin your prayers
sorry i mean which did you cheese??!
dude i chose cheese, i'm not a monster
happy birthday gorgeous i hope your 16th birthday was amazing love youuu
thank you so much jess!! love youuu!!
still got all 3 cps
whenever ready, shoot
when you prioritize mocking people (who happen to be celebs) over critical thinking/reporting, this is what happens.
been there on the receiving end of the twitter rage storm and it's not fun. and i can honestly say it happened bc priority = clicks/speed.
mhm. ... what even happeneds if a pokeball gets destroyed with a pokemon inside?
they get sent to missingno world where they get converted into viruses and then later turn to missingno themselves
did the settler stop? will he face legal action? is his jews-only settlement legal?
lol a holocaust denier like mike is talking to me about human rights.
question. what is a fair mark up for selling or buying action in a tournament? i'm calling in my knowledgeable poker pro's.
depends on resumes. most are 1.1-1.3. hope this helps
so kevin if you see this, stop fucking ducking my texts
because this shit hurt to read so fuck you
very confused by your profile pic
what is confusing? rabin and i have matching haircuts. also balloons because reasons.
wait, there's a backlash? i've heard nothing but [well-deserved] love for .
there's always a backlash! also people were upset by the barb character
lmao he just got back in the car and said "i spilt gas all over me i might as well light myself on fire" i am
been driving sorry for the delay but he was eating chips &amp; i asked for one he gave me a crumb &amp; said "i still don't like u"
has crabs/herps stay away he caught it from a freshmen
the doctor gave him a cone tho to help the case
looking beautiful &amp; handsome !! loving all the asians reps at the this year!
its a shame that dr ken wasn't mentioned. maybe next year!
gotta pay tuition some how i know that fasfa running out
i'm weak af
moaning ladies
have a fabulous week
replace "wears his jersey" with any other combination of words and this is still true
no but seriously. tighten your goddamn sleeves bradford. fucking nerd.
is my favorite i swear she reminds me of my mother. so bubbly, overbearing and all up in her kids life. i love it!
- thank you grant!
the act she committed upon the man is not defined as 'rape', but 'sexual assault'
for instance, in the brock turner case, turner was not found guilty of 'rape'.
was a baller just a season ago now all the sudden garbage, same with smith, gotta be the playcalling or the lack of support
definitely coaching.
why jimmy kimmel went after trump and not clinton at the 2016
or how about it's cause trump is part of hollywood and she is not...
want the best nutritional supplements? here's a little known secret! !
i promised you i'm not reneging on you nor on my words to you runalyseramtotrosecienne instill love and doc are about you
gov. cuomo: no evidence of international terror in nyc blast
just a tuperware party that went wrong
nicole to james- i dont know what i'm doing. i'm going nuts type thing. the more i'm thinking is how clean your game is
stop bringing type thing back please
what policies would that be exactly?? if a crazy person sets off a bomb how do you prevent that? what policy mental health?
you'd be in bellevue by now in a straight jacket.
aaron rodgers is not the same anymore
everyone hyped the packers up for no reason
happy bday hope it was good one
thanks brady
i dont know what to do! my apartment security deposit is due next week and my parents are out of the country and mybank account is empty sos
they can wire you money from out of the country
i am actually.
cool, follow me and i'll dm ya bud
there's multiple facial expressions in this pic that makes it hella funny lmao
that's hella funny
should have accompanied pic. i do not support cause using such tactics to attract idiots
attract idiots? this is the reality of what is happening; this is what this resolution would end
a soccer coach and a parent
wait are you serious
where is when you need her to drop f-bombs for me when the yankees &amp; girardi ruining my 4 days??
we had so nuch confidence but they literally slapped us into reality. i'm at a loss of words! disappointed
hello, maria. are you still needing assistance? *rd
not anymore. thanks
single payor crowd typically point to medicare, but it has far lower actuarial value than chip.
single payer would guarantee health care to all families. she is the biggest recipient of big pharma $$$ and she acts like it
keeps moving to the same place
i think the social media person fell asleep
welp thats it
yeah.... sigh... guess i owe u drinks. grr!
this account is not operated by nike. at this time, no upcoming restocks have been announced or confirmed.
ok thank you
i get that. but based on past exper w/ jac, t has a right to be iffy about it coming from jac.
- the whole situation is just sad! no one wins when family fights
these native americans are fighting for their life which is "water"&amp; the life of children for generation to come
no ruby, the marxist de-growth left is using the indians &amp; environment to further their destroy capitalism agenda
for instance, in the brock turner case, turner was not found guilty of 'rape'.
brock turner, despite his low character, did not rape the drunken female.
i take it back: way to go, trae waynes. very glad zimmer put you back in and left you in.
1.4-sight is 20/20.
i had the cd but also all the cranberries cds so
i liked the cardigans because they could go dark while retaining their pop sensibilities.
if you don't cry during it then you have no heart and we can't be friends anymore
if i say "wow that's sad" with a frowny face, would that count?
i am so glad to hear it--thank you. thanks very much.
of course! &amp; really appreciated the hist. notes at the end. so many details--fascinating stuff.
should have accompanied pic. i do not support cause using such tactics to attract idiots
i know it is upsetting and horrific and disturbing; all the more reason to support h.res 752
best year this decade worst year this decade and why state your thesis
worst year, 2016: rip harambe best year, 2016: releases "harambe," rip everyone
can't think of any with a better record on children's health than hillary clinton.
hillary clinton opposes a fed $15 min wage which would lift millions out of poverty. she also takes $$$ from walmart
trae waynes says to "i like my toast burnt!"
. i'm sure he has buttering a piece for me right now..
and blocked me.... hilarious!
haha me too. someone can't take the heat.
true tony you're a pimp
that's u rnic lol
i wouldnt trust leaving my one month old at a random babysitters place tbh.
i wouldn't trust no one but my parents tbh
i may be sick, but i'm well enough to do a couple late night recordings.
hope you feel better due, and i have to say i am digging that mic setup xd
bears fans have a hard time understanding the difference between "least interesting" and "worst."
these are people that consider casseroles to be pizza, so...
been there on the receiving end of the twitter rage storm and it's not fun. and i can honestly say it happened bc priority = clicks/speed.
was wrong some times; never heard any word from an ed (not jez specific). but when i was a beat too late/didn't have a clicky hed? angry em.
beeb has this "write one sentence about your day" journal.
she just found an entry that said "monday blues. we bought three different types of oreos though".
i am asian cough cough i am a nigga
fuck bruh, so even if trump does build a wall u still gonna get over it like u did on the great wall of china...
not a rip off. just heavily influenced. they're different enough.
i wouldn't be able to sleep with my phone buzzing all night.
internal distance to fam calculation is always happening in your head. :)
moving countries definitely helped. i need to come see you and properly again
&amp; meddling in 's family business is infuriating. i can see they think they mean well, but just stop
- we were just trying to help but quickly learned that maybe timing is off!
i'm so upset my eyes are burning. when will this crap end?
it can't be soon enough for me.
if you have netflix, watch this episode: parents.
starting the episode now... at 8:30 on a school-night. better be good...
"yo she really hit this"
it's honestly the 6th 7th one i've seen tho lmao
meet the reluctant ceo at the helm of a billion-dollar co-op via
if he cares about farmers why does pr degrade and sneer at the work of other dairy farmers?
she just found an entry that said "monday blues. we bought three different types of oreos though".
neither of us remember the context, but that pretty accurately sums up our life.
but i want him specifically. he's my soul mate.
nothing in me to deny that
hillary is a right wing conservative, and always has been. she will appoint right-wing conservative judges. watch.
you are loopy.
have given up 69 the first two games. can they turn it around?
you mean give up 96 in the next two?
i can't stop listening to this song
that album cover though
branding fail evidence that the campaign, pundits and msm are working together. let's push "power through"
: all these talking heads and secret service are in collusion with the fraud being played before the nations eyes.
so the peeps who were constantly criticising me for cutting down on sugar and fast food are doing the exact same thing after summer hmm
like i mean two months back you cringed with disgust when you hear the word "green tea" but now you've made it habit to drink it too
can't think of any with a better record on children's health than hillary clinton.
alice walton of walmart is big clinton donor. walmart is single-handedly responsible for millions of working ppl staying poor
y'all remember when the game felt attacked my a general statement waka was making and tried to start a riff? lmaoo
about niggas showing off their privates on the gram
i don't know how to contact them out of the country
text or email them?
gary sanchez has 16 homers in 41 games. chase headley has 14 homers in 131 games.
the homer leader on the giants had 15.
i don't have any stamps be patient
yea i'm calling u all out
another great superman comic
ya know how batman tas had an episode that was cool hand luke but with batman? this is first blood but with superman
really? well you know me i don't have time for games.
lmfao she's lying!she lags more than i do!it takes her at least 3 days to reply to a simple text
newsday's monday back page giants 2-0 after beating saints
great shot by jim mcisaac.
a case study of toyota unintended acceleration and software safety on vimeo
are you paid by automakers to make such a claim that it is all driver's error??
wanna get this boys number but
you ain't in janico chill
the homer leader on the giants had 15.
has, he's still alive.
i feel like : a couple sitting near me told me to "be quiet" at 's kraftwerk show.
why are u chit chatting during kraftwerk?!
it was ok. clearly not as good as the first. the storytelling was slightly confusing, but easy to predict.
i had heard they ditched the pretense of them doing illusions and just made them wizards
can't think of any with a better record on children's health than hillary clinton.
are you telling me that extending health care to all americans via medicare for all is worse than leaving 27 million w/out??
about niggas showing off their privates on the gram
then waka made him pump the breaks
"how i got my start working remotely and turned into full time digital nomad" by
thanks for sharing our blog! always seeking for great bloggers if your interested!
as a brit, is a great idea with a bad name. sounds like politely nudging his cart past someone in a grocery store.
i don't even know if goes to the grocery store...? sure, he might not miss florida - but he must - surely - miss , right?
both of you calm down
she beefing
want the best nutritional supplements? here's a little known secret! !
unconditionally for who and what you are a dignified characterized personality of unique moral ethical conscience love boo boo
u hit their killing&amp;eating dogs, i helped expose chinese execution of religious followers&amp;selling body parts.
why can't you sign your name to h.r. 752 &amp; help out both causes? it's probably the same people involved in both
i've become a mere shell of the man i used to be
i say this to myself at least 6 times a day
how democrats can overcome their self-defeating cynicism
cynicism usually points to someone who can think pretty well, but has to be set aside when it comes to this shit.
"how i got my start working remotely and turned into full time digital nomad" by
thanks for sharing our blog! always seeking for great bloggers if your interested!
it's cause a lot of them don't know what it is. they think depression = sadness.
i know .. it's way more than just be sad all the time .. it goes a long way &amp; extreme counseling to overcome it ..
can't believe i gave ivan $50 the past two days just to be my bitch...
it's my turn this weekend. i need my axel fixed pls and ty
rodgers and adams hooked up on that exact route last week in jacksonville. bites them big this time around.
this was one of rodgers worst games of his career
want the best nutritional supplements? here's a little known secret! !
stop worrying men chat with me boo bo
weird thing is, i don't have a good feel at all for who is best for that job.
think it'll cost about about $9 million if it wants to go down that road with gus.
hey francis. we're experiencing some difficulties with our site at the moment, but we're working on fixing it up asap.
thank you! :d
im the guy who gets physically angry when i disagree with the choices that people make in their guacamole recipes
guacamole is gross no matter what. what now bitch.
i support the best candidate. of the major party candidates, secretary clinton is the only qualified candidate
you are a , insider con-man montel. you've been
if you're not an athlete, you really wouldn't understand what it's like in the game lol
like it looks so easy when you're a spectator but in the game it's a whole different story
our sincerest apologies. do you need your flight update? what's your flight number and city? ^lj
1941 sfo to lax
greg gets a lot of haters, but bruh is top 5 tv characters of all time
and the finest.
beautiful day of action yesterday as protests shut down banks in chicago, philly, &amp; more!
maybe everyone who has citibank should stop all transactions until further notice...
whoaaaaa drunk and sent nudes to a boy and he didn't reply so guess i'll just die
*checks my messages* well...i didn't get any, so it wasn't me.
wait i thought you decided not to go to college and continue working at mcdonalds.
stilll considering it though
apparently he's going through my followers and messaging them and telling them he's going to kill me next... wow
report that shit b
addae is freaking reckless. shocked this hasn't happened sooner.
hopefully that mri goes good.
oracle just launched its own chatbot service. teenagers today are going to be naturals at filing it tickets in the future.
is it called "desperation"?
single payor crowd typically point to medicare, but it has far lower actuarial value than chip.
children are harmed when parents live in poverty. hillary opposes lifting millions out of poverty w/$15 fed min wage.
today i got kicked out of the gym because my outfit was too revealing and i needed to cover up
are you serious?!
thought so!
are u his dealer?
look it up, it's just chemistry, zyclon b. i used to believe what they said &amp; you might even be sincere. but wrong!
how come every nazi death camp guard admitted to the mass gassing of the jews. hoess, frenzel. stangl, bauer etc
jdr on lackluster raiders pass rush, always a combo of rush + coverage: "the rush is ready to go. we're not getting enough coverage."
not get any coverage. guys are getting rid of the ball quick to wide open receivers
lizard on a walk
hey i saw you in the park the other day
cbc rejects trump's 'birther' admission
whatever shall we do?
its rlly weird how i used to be obsessing about how ths rlly hot dude actually talked to me but now im looking back n feel really creepy,,,
like was i that desperate for attention damn
i talked to like 5 times in ct yet i didn't take a picture with him. this upsets me.
we will next time :)
til the 5/31 terminus is home to some of the surviving playland structures.
we've spent a lot of time at that spot after visiting ocean beach. i only read about the playland structures after my fourth time.
please stop asking us to vote against our own best interests for a woman who has no right to the highest office in the land.
actually he is asking you to vote in your own best interest. grow up and face reality.
like i mean two months back you cringed with disgust when you hear the word "green tea" but now you've made it habit to drink it too
it so annoying when this happens..they don't understand how those comments affect a person when you're dieting but when they see the results
just about. still had some leftover phlegm to work through this weekend, but am otherwise back to normal.
hah well good. we should figure out a hang situation for sometime soon.
stay tuned
jesus take the wheel
what's the deal with jerry seinfeld not binge watching tv?
but why?!? also leigh rocks!!!
that was literally the thing i missed most at first too lol. they have some really good soy dogs/sausages tho!
hahaha omg that's so funny! i didn't even know they had soy dogs, i'll definitely look for them next time i go to the store!!
reading the lyft manifesto... had no idea that the ferry building in sf used to be blocked by an elevated freeway!
yup, another angle in 1988
wayans is gonna sleep a lot better tonight now than the night he was heading towards
i'll sleep like a log. 3-0 in ff? vikes win, broncos win. that hasn't happened in a long, long time. well, the ff part. gn!
i've only seen 4 episodes of game of thrones, from its first season.
then you have a long winter of catching up to do, my friend
chinatown power broker rose pak dead at 68: as she was fond of saying, "if i was white, they'd call me a civic...
motherfucker just call her a civic leader
where is or are hall &amp; oates:
where's the mustache?
ok thigh jewelry is my life now.
wow. need all
you do not seem to get it, do you? people can say so much, facts don't lie. zyclon b can not be used for gassing.
eichmann in trial in israel always admitted millions of jews were murdered and gassed and killing by firing squads.
it's curious that it's marty golden giving the comment. maybe they live in bay ridge (golden's home neighborhood)?
wasn't this in his district?
like five minutes ago i thought "hmm, i wonder if siri is better on the new watch." so that answers that i guess. good job.
made this just for you, comparing to nikki's watch. pretty noticeable difference.
i used to live across the street from castoro !
cool area! hot af though
lmaooo imma need u to get a hundred each for all of 3 of us. he never give me shit
lmfaooooo me &amp; ani used to come up
some punkass thug on facebook. i know him. he's a convicted felon. complete trash.
yeah he seems that type.
i can pull out my old phone an get old pics of dani in on this too lmao
shit i have plenty of throwbacks of myself as well
un secretary general ban ki-moon condemns uri attack, says 'should identify perpetrators'
and , what next , just.condemn. un - u r a waste declare paaki dogs a terrorist state
new york: arrest 5 muslim looking men on the bridge, likely related to the
how does one "look" muslim?
are hot ppl incapable of making good art or
it's a fact that people only make art to get laid, so... why would they bother?
i aint even wrong
but you ain't right
all these kickers missing field goals and still sitting at home? the nfl is rigged!!
john, keep training and have faith. you will get that phone call.
i don't like that call. garbage call. garbage. disagree with collinsworth. totally disagree.
agree with you. totally agree.
1994 by is a highkey jam. everyone should listen to it
:) thank you
not everyday that jets qb has a better stat line than aaron rodgers but here we are
the vikings defense isn't the bills defense lol
it is good! only 30 minutes! you'll be in bed b4 you turn into a pumpkin!
but i got all these kids to get showered and lunches to make... oh, wait...
hey , i got runner up in the helios femina contest, but...what do i do now?
were you contacted on instagram? which was your entry?
eventually all my chairs that i can lean back w break
aka they become death traps
reread my msge: posting such pic only attract idiots. use posters that appeal to brains.
i'm sorry the horrendous torture of companion animals doesn't inspire emotion &amp; action in your brain
utterly untrue. leo says he feels his gender identity is between a boy and a girl. he likes iron man and asked for dolls. 1/2
that is a very, very silly reason to feel you are halfway between a boy and a girl.
i miss amy but she never wants to hangout w me
come cuddle i'm a mess!
sometimes you learn who your really homies are
if anyone hurst my homies they get cut
truly happy for my twin brother brent and his newly wedded wife, whitney. they are quite the duo!
youre a twin?! also congrats to the bro
no bc it's horribly written, misogynistic,ableist, sexist, and relies on shock
they wrote sansa's rape that never happened, killed the youngest stark for shock value or values.
tfw silver thinks that he is good enough at smite to carry my heavy ass.
this is backfiring youre supposed to be mortal enemies now damnit
is mandy moore really really tall or is america ferrera really really short?
mandy is tall
did you watch any of the past seasons before coming on?
- no. i didn't want to come in with any prejudged opinions.
i couldn't disagree more. it has to start somewhere. vote your heart &amp; mind, screw what others think
naw. 3rd party candidates need to win lower office before deserving a vote in presidential contests. build a track record.
short of declaring war on pakistan/engaging in overt military action,do we know what's going on behind the scenes?
conditions are being set for isolation, containment, &amp; retaliation with plausible denial.
r u hacked?
yes, i am and i don't have time to fix it :( it's even posting from my blog :(
nothing left behind! the all-new 2016 folds to fit your needs.
those seats look very nice!
what 80's bands had the best hair? i think i'm going to go with the swedish rock band europe
best hair/loin cloth ensemble easily goes to manowar
it so annoying when this happens..they don't understand how those comments affect a person when you're dieting but when they see the results
they too will follow and only then it's "healthy lifestyle" such hypocrites ugh they lose a kilo and they start commenting on others weight
made this just for you, comparing to nikki's watch. pretty noticeable difference.
holy crap. for real, why wasn't that the entirety of the series 1/2 on-stage demo???
this is actually
facts was just listening to it
i said he got cooked by cassidy
oh my bad i was about to say
who's telling you to live in fear? there's wisdom and then there's stupidity! i choose wisdom!
just always have to be aware of your surroundings. common sense. wisdom??
them bitches lurking, yo page locked &amp; they still know when you shopping. they still know that i'm balling. you still know that i'm all in
your ex bitch, your next bitch gon hate the fact that i'm spoiling
this issue is also really great
it's about this apalachian magician whose daughter died in a car accident after moving to metropolis
i haven't seen any updates in over an hour
yup their social media person fell asleep! and i did a dm.no reply
id be so content with life if i had a lil pup
omg yesssss but i want like a puppy that'll stay tiny when it grows older
1) i am telling you that chip has an actuarial value of 98% and medicare's is 80%.
i understand. and 27 million ppl are currently w/out medical care and she has no plan to insure them all.
that hardly compares to the 100 million black africans killed in the african holocaust
what about millions of blacks killed by blacks in africa.
johnny depp and winona ryder
we were just talking about em
yes actually i lul them
oh yeah??? they got names?
did this for me so i'm sharing the kindness! love you all! meli
- hope you are feeling better love!!!
whenever i'm faced with a tough decision i ask "will it get me one step closer to busting a nut?" if it does then i always go for it.
greatest tweet i've ever laid my eyes on
5sos are only gonna tour again in 2018 and trying to be happy for them so they can take some time off but im gonna miss them so fuckin much
if they tour again only in summer/fall of 2018 im gonna be a senior
it's about this apalachian magician whose daughter died in a car accident after moving to metropolis
the ending is one of the most small scale and emotionally intimate applications of the high concept comic universe i've ever seen
1) i am telling you that chip has an actuarial value of 98% and medicare's is 80%.
and i am also telling you that $15 fed wage would lift millions out of poverty and hrc opposes it. and takes $$$ from walmart
same. i loved that trade
i freaked out when we pulled that trade.
total carb dinner, mashed potato, rice pilaf, 1/2 bagel, a bite of leftover meatloaf... smh
antipasto salad and osso bucco at an italian-american place tasty!
plse clarify h. res 752 that would be good start instead of posters in bad taste
i didn't post that pic. we are trying to garner support for h.r. 752
which of your fios services are out? ^kmg
it was installed friday i am the fist csr in my building only csr so far was told should be fixed by monday am
- september 18, 1983 - released their platinum album lick it up. when did you first buy the album?
the second it was available
the sun never came out today...it was beautiful.
oh gina, the sun is always out for youuu... cheesy line of the day. bam! nailed it!
i was just stalking sav and she's literally the cutest person ever omg
aw omg u the best
shall we talk about the pathetic and self-demoralizing progressives practically begging us to vote for this ?
you too are flawed. you can't live with reality so u will invite in the devil.. be as stupid as you want.
nah. niggas gotta rep right. rt : gotta respect it you dont give hometown discounts
this meek round i like how he switched the flow up and more lyrics less rolie talk
that is a very, very silly reason to feel you are halfway between a boy and a girl.
why can't a boy like a doll? it is an object. a toy does not have the magical power to turn you into a different sex.
i hope you're getting ready to cum with me tonight. i bet i can get you as wet as i am
you're so gorgeous have a fun evening
i definitely get it. you're a fixer, but some things can't be fixed, even by a pro
- i get that now. i pray that one day....
it makes me sad! first iris now dawson.
iris too??? don't be offended zoe, but i don't like your mother very much lmao
you're not lying.
where the fuck is your sing review, ehrlich?
my 11th time seeing secrets. i'm a loser
it'll be my 14th....i'm disgusting
..... here we go
he can sing but all his shit sounds the same
5-3 so far today. taking min +3 and the under 43 for tonight's game. good luck.
and that is how it's done! min +3 min/gb under 44 week 2: 7-3
what sort of deck do you run?
it's a classic artifact deck bwu
if they tour again only in summer/fall of 2018 im gonna be a senior
ok but legit what am i gonna do i've gotten so used to them being on tour and knowing what's going on w/ their life
discovering the streets of san francisco after covering villages and factories of east asia
there are no walmart stores in sf. the picture you posted is target, not walmart.
2) i am telling you chip's benefits are pediatric-focused. medicare's are not.
yes that is an important point. chip is good, but it's 2016 and we are in crisis and hrc has no plan for universal coverage
depends on when you asked me, any time before 1998 it was dolores
gotcha. you know how some folks wants presidents they can drink beers w/? i think i could smoke djarum cloves w/nina &amp; dolores
using stuff like hey siri is just night-and-day better and more responsive. worth every penny to upgrade in my opinion. series 1 is all win.
like i said, you should seriously consider upgrading if you wear apple watch daily.
brock turner, despite his low character, did not rape the drunken female.
in case u need a source:
mets &amp; yankees getting them wild cards and playing in the world series save this tweet
nvm just the mets
don't try to take him
lmao keep him
whatever, i have the giants and i have rami in my life. therefor, who really got swept????
the undefeated giants :')
shit i have plenty of throwbacks of myself as well
everyone expose them selves
ok but legit what am i gonna do i've gotten so used to them being on tour and knowing what's going on w/ their life
it's sorta comforting to know that they're okay and they're playing shows and having a good time
finalman m pito lew live pa bo isi wi lol
misye sot pase trs byen wi
the thing about the dcu we don't really think about is like it's a world of parallel earths, time travel, gods, and ghosts
of course you'll see the loved ones you lost again, it's only a matter of time
rich isn't a nice person when it comes to teresa. he really needs to walk back his comments on teresa.
needs to keep that whole wakile family away from . they give me the dry heaves.
defense did their part. aaron rodgers has his head up his ass for over a year now.
why didn't they kick that fg? stupid
3) chip covers dental. medicare does not. dental problems are enormous biggest factor in kids missing school.
yes, chip is good, but millions living in poverty w/out a way out is a nat'l crisis that dems do not address.
don't forget to reserve your tickets for the empty water bottle festival in my car.
i'm so pumped for this fest
not nearly as good as would have been.
they just arrested terrorists down the block from me rotty and we're discussing pizza??
dont talk to me unless you dress like this, boys
i think he did a porn once?
this sort of gross opportunism is why robin williams initially didn't want to do aladdin.
amen to that.
how lazy have i become? i slept till 7pm the thought of ordering groceries online is exhausting going to the kitchen to get h2o will end me
this is a slippery slope
the best part of this to me is the smashing of the little tree
but what if that little tree was going to grow up to be putin?
ny post twittter feed is reporting fbi detaining 5 suspects headed to airport! never trust mass media!
will check it out. watching cbs now there may be a report.
by the way, i'm still waiting for you to upload water fountain and wolf and the sheep on spotify! keep the great work!
i will get them up asap !
my daughter has just told me that sparta was better than athens because spartan women could fight &amp; athenians just sewed.
exactly. girls can think many different thoughts. they can be warriors and create clothing. they contain multitudes
your ex bitch, your next bitch gon hate the fact that i'm spoiling
we turnt up, we turnt out we too far gone to ever turn back
im honeslty so proud of you you're one of my fav artists ever and hearing you singing makes me the happiest thank you
:) thank you maxine
my plug popped up on facebooks suggested friends we have no mutuals how does fb know that's the plug zuckerberg is the police fr fr
yeah it's ny phone number now its scary. ps why am i not ur plug tf
got that right
was lowkey stalking. i wonder who sent you that
great song by
thanks. hey paul. today i recorded a song for ypu. in a river on a stone. hugs!!
thanks, marion!!
yay! hugs from california
good night twitter world..... hope you had a beautiful sunday!
beautiful photograph paul. have a wonderful new week
it's sorta comforting to know that they're okay and they're playing shows and having a good time
god i just love them so so much and i really don't want to lose them for two years
i love thai food
i literally live 2 ft away from one and it has become a problem
can't believe they're going to go 19-0!!!!
truly great best d since the ravens imho.
shit. it sucks i want to die i really don't know what to do anymore. can i have a beer with you?
i'm off tuesday, we can kick it then
-i got a text from your stupid app, it tried to get me to click on a link, do you have any class??
hey tim, that's our referral program. more info here:
kinda crazy that uk is on the hook for 50% more for stoops and his assistants.
not sure how much you'd throw in for gus' crew. but your point is solid. lots a rich folks in lexington i hear.
that is good. everyone said things but in the lowest points, k/r and c/j and rosie filming day of sentencing was too much!
- so sad for all families involved. it's just really sad!
both offenses are gonna be under slot of pressure that game. defenses won't be a problem for both teams
yall secondary slowly becoming a liability. i like vikings next week.
i do not know how this man makes such hauntingly beautiful music, but yet again, it's incredible
yo thank you so much !!!
you can't bring the cloud down!
i was on the cloud
thanks for the follow! you're gorgeous, darling!
thanks eric. greetings from california!
as it should be, right??
definitely!
awful performance, we will be okay.
bad coaching killed us.
can never take anything serious with them
thx for tagging me fool
has anyone polled american jews on how they plan to vote? if so, are any breaking for trump?
plenty will because we're not as stupid as david brock thinks.
"the more prepared you are the more you are able to be in the moment when you take the stage,"
ps when did kevin shoot up ? lol
it's not like emmy nominated shows are tv's big ratings blockbusters either.
one big difference in perception: "small" tv is much more widely available to viewers than "small" movies are.
what about millions of blacks killed by blacks in africa.
have you heard of the middle passage?
this is a picture lmao
lol wait hold up
great question! just like automaker-protecting trolls, group seems to be biased against drivers!
why claim driver's error when you do not have any scientific evidence to back it??
check out the new comicstrip by
thank you for the !
we don't measure the dialog by whether or not it changes the minds of participants
you're right. do you feel like your dialogues have made any progress in the world at large?
why didn't they give the ball their huge rb known for fighting for extra yards?
lot of what ifs today shit
lmao. i guess i can forgive you for that.
you've forgiven me for worse things
catch &amp; this weekend to rsvp please txt.
we had so much fun!!!! thank you!!!!
but the red sox just swept the yankees
i got no idea who the yankees are
just fixed the boiler
*lumberjack song plays in the background*
the production on chain smokers closer is so catchy but who the fuck is in charge of the terrible sounds on it that make it so catchy
like i can't decide if i hate the song or like it
sweet! when's the concert?
opening night for at madison square garden is monday at 8pm!
16-09-19 tonight's waning gibbous moon through clouds, 93% lit. edgehd 8 6d
sometime i really wish you could edit tweets. because i totally typed the wrong date on this photo. it's from the future!
not yet but i'm trying really really hard! just can't get out of this mood i'm in which i'm trying to ignore. i feel lost
- you are never lost. you need to be strong &amp; you will get thru this!!!
i'll be there. will you? get in the shoot this week!
nypw team in new york city is on it. !!! for contest to win
she also ships snowbarry.
yikes! you were adopted
stalin killed 500 million. lol there was even 500 million people in russia
i have no idea what u are saying. try working on your english syntax and grammar.
can i be apart of y'all squad?
um yes please come up here
i don't get the "x used to live here" historic preservation argument. everywhere used to be someone else's home.
$12m for 15,000 sf and over 5 acres of land, and they can't find a buyer.
entire police department just 'accidentally' deleted massive chunk of body camera video
at least they didn't intend to. no foul.
omg i definitely did this to my tv in elementary school and my parents definitely grounded me for weeks
hahaha! i painted the dashboard of my first car with nail polish bubbles. brand new vw bug, parents were appalled :)
seeing people fw my band on my tl is so fucking weird i've never had people react to my music like this thank you all so much!
proud of u fam
agree ! i can't watch that little piece of trash !!!! why is she there !???? ruining the show ' my lie who ?????!
and we are not the only two who feel this way.
today 1920: a bomb explodes on wall st, killing 38. believed to be a terrorist act but no one ever caught.
weird timing on this one from 2 days ago...
4) chip covers habilitative services. medicare covers rehab. that is a major problem for kids.
once again, hrc doesn't support single payer, and she takes more $$$ from big pharma than any of the repubs running in 2016
if you want to go a little farther out onto the ledge... breakage's "fighting fire" featuring jess mills is one of top songs
oh i am on the ledge with you. tim legend's hope featuring br/\ve
just read above and you will see all the proof you need or just keep trolling
proof is a personal conclusion. u have not proven anything.
airstrikes by assad/russia fighter jets on 4 neighborhoods these children were victim today
where is mads gilbert? this fraud wont go to syria to help kids there bombed and murdered by assad.
this coming saturday. it would be nice to see the movie with norcal peeps. i can swing by hayward to pick you up.
you'll be out of the way. what time? i can take bart so you can go straight to sf and you can pick me upat the bart station
had a dream derek and i spent our weekend hanging out with and i was really upset when i woke up and it wasnt real
it was real
you have been spared
god has smiled upon me today
you coming tho, right?
he'll make you drink girly shots like he did for my birthday lol
i can go for some onion rings from nathan's
can we go to rollnroaster instead??
i'm here to announce my official resignation from fantasy football, forever. due in large part to aaron rodger's performance
i wanna trade him but i'd probably get in return
i'm the nice girl nothing unique nothing memorable it's the other girl that gets his best turn
i know this girl oh so desirable though she does not seem to know it if only there was a way she could see herself in my eyes
dude why isn't your recent music on google play or spotify??
i'm hoping to get it up there soon !
apologize for what, trying to validate a very suspect document of concern
are you saying that romney and mccain were that moronic not to challenge?
5) chip has pediatric-focused services and quality standards. kids are an after-thought in any adult-centered program.
. i'm getting that you really like chip. since you are the campaign for children, do you have a position on $15 fed wage?
jill soloway called donald trump an "inheritor to hitler" at the
whatever who cares
biggest series of the season and the yankees get swept in 4 games. that's a complete disappointment.
how many times have we heard "biggest (moment) of the season and the yankees (fail)" this year?
7.5 cycles of autonomous car startups
it's a more complicated software problem than building a modern fighter jet. look at the relative dedication, tenure of those eng
my sister 63 died of non smokers lung cancer in feb. she gave me same advice: be happy bc ya never know what's coming. goodluck
sorry for your loss . i bet she was awesome.
aww thank you justine! i am so excited to come back.
no way! so awesome!
god bless. julia was trying to hold it together.
wow...when i lost dad last year, was able to hold it together for eulogy six days later but two days &amp; in front of millions?
we have many conferences in our circles telling us why we do what we do, but not showing us how to do it.
that has always been the problem.
i don't need such pics for inspiration, that's good for idiots whose emotions are their brain
so you are already on board with helping the cause? or u need further info?
yup, the original ghostayame
but where's his yankee hat?!
i'm sorry i've been inactive!! i have school!! i promise i love you and i'll be more active! 10 days til i see you omfg!!!!!!!
i can't wait :)))
makes me want to write a history book for kpop and give it to them. tell them how awesome kpop was compared now
they missed out on a lot of awesome from back then.
happy bornday my nigga!! tb to them lightweight days
lmao u pulled out the sophmore year tb! goodlookin out tho my boy
obama, his wife and his publisher all put the kenyan ambiguity out there for speculation, before 2008
absolute nonsense, stupid beyond belief, go back to nursery school.
watching those people (at 's behest) and it feels like personally targeted me for this film.
i, too, am a sondheimite and a lost fanatic, so it's entirely possible... hope you enjoy
this is a slippery slope
im seriously about to seamless water, then text my roommate to answer the buzzer and bring it to me.
im banning you all
im pure iris
1985 bears part 2, imagen snacks steakhouse open on 42nd street
imagen laurence olivier vernon on broadway.
$12m for 15,000 sf and over 5 acres of land, and they can't find a buyer.
also: i'm sure david ryu really thinks future generations will be visiting bob hope's estate.
didn't joan rivers make fun of beyonce or blue and died like a week later?
i almost forgot that ho was dead
all those terrorist outfits are in one way or other were beneficiaries of us aid
absolutely correct america's best allie r the paaki- dogs they will always arm them to the teeth . jai h
just read above and you will see all the proof you need or just keep trolling
the 'attempted rape' charge in washington was due to non-consensual intercourse.
hillary logic
or was it the ?
i bought a bag of those from the freezer section and they were good.
that's cuz you southerners got the deep fry game on lock!
come on democrats, you've chosen the worst possible candidate 2 b r leader! how abt voting 4 what's best 4 america!
... i don't believe hillary is a well person. don't wish her ill health, but i damn sure would never vote for her.
i'm sorry guys i'm going to be tweeting a lot cause it's easier to type this shit than to express it verbally.
don't apologize. we all are here and all are gonna be here.
lmao u pulled out the sophmore year tb! goodlookin out tho my boy
lmaooo we was lit that day
turns out her parents are dead too and she's got a sick sense of humor.
she's a keeper!
mickey and i need to catch some pokmon. brb.
we're back from our walk.
one simple touch and a fire starts between us. is it love or is it lust?
lust. he didn't start the fire in yo mind &amp; heart
the 'attempted rape' charge in washington was due to non-consensual intercourse.
but non-consensual intercourse itself is not necessarily 'rape'.
palmer was really good early and derailed by injuries. bradford has been mediocre even when healthy.
how about that mediocre qb?! here's hoping diggs-bradford becomes a thing. and that aka ad (not ap) is ok.
maybe in the dresser
its under the dresser
let me stop. nobody reaaally thinks my dms look like that.
they definitely look like that
one simple touch and a fire starts between us. is it love or is it lust?
love you tyrone
i love this pic smile
flawlessly stunning beauties
nice! with a !
yeah that was great!
yo no joke they just open a wawa in my hood. haven't checked it out but it's funny there is a buzz
you're gonna love it!
i didn't know that that was possible. i didn't think the ipad had that much ram. congratulations!
new in ios 10, i think. when it runs out of ram, it stores 'em.
i mean, did he lie with the first few words?
go to bed and leave me alone anthony
they fuckin
fbskskaal i hope not bc 1. there's 7 guys in that room and 2. her boyfriend's gonna facetime her any minute
fake account bozo
they waited for bush to get into office to hit on 9/11. i believe it even though it may be fake account.
if you want to go a little farther out onto the ledge... breakage's "fighting fire" featuring jess mills is one of top songs
there's also hurt me by lapsley
initially read that as extending the range of the wok by 4ks.
not out of the realm of possibility with likes of doordash and gojek..
lmaooo we was lit that day
odeeeee off the giorgi
excited to start my new gig tomorrow!
wow congrats &amp; good luck!!
see your coming from the place of good and hope. which maybe will help tre, kat, ros one day.
- timing is everything!!!
college food gets gross bruh. thank god i have relatives in sf.
lucky wish i had relatives here
(remember that when you read bad/inaccurate reports about glyphosate causing health problems in farmers)
. i'm not too considered about glyphosate itself. that's a good point about cheap counterfeits.
goodnight guys i'm anxious and gonna get some rest
be well anne, tomorrow is a new day
lyft driver ended my ride and gave me his number because he may need future support. amazing
they all should employ grad students studying psychology
walking stats! not as good as yesterday but not rubbish
living in another city. this is what i usually do.
keys from the game: -rodgers stunk -randall was toast all game -front 7 played really well -mccarthy sucks at play calling -where is eddie!
if only they'd gone for that fg
: what the hell are so many somali muslins doing in the us?
never forget open-borders rino est puke 's lecture: "not admitting unvetted,terrorist infiltrated, muslims is not who we are"
if that's the case don't defend use of that pic. i used to have same cat who disappeared
i am sorry for your loss. i know its awful to see. it breaks my heart too. i love my animals also.
odeeeee off the giorgi
and them 40s
ouuu best believe i'm on this next full moon
we on it tomorrow night
what's up w facebook and oreos
ok but i am one of the god damn suburban moms who would buy those
hope everyone has a great day!
hope your day was a great one &amp; hope you're having a good &amp; relaxing evening so far (:
...yeah this is definitely going on the list. i'll slow it down and throw you back 58 bpm by tensnake
i feel like we're becoming late night djs now "let me slow this down for you. this 1 goes out to all you lovers out there" lol
when arsalan continues to add u to a gm with 50 million other people.....
update: ive gotten added about 4 more times so i had to go on a blocking spree
the green bay packers were the beneficiaries of the worst call in the history of pro sports and they will forever be cursed because of it.
give us some credit
yankees this series... thursday: blew 4-0, 5-1 leads friday: never led saturday: blew 3-0, 5-2 leads tonight: blew 4-0 lead is that bad?
bad is not even the word man..i'm too upset to post a gif...disgusted
all those terrorist outfits are in one way or other were beneficiaries of us aid
india should get weapons from france , russia &amp; sweeden. dont depend on us arms jai hind
5 people taken into custody in connection with chelsea bombing |
knew i could count on you to find some details about this. 5 people, interesting
they're playing kaskade at the boiling crab
your day is mine backwards
maybe in the dresser
hidden behind the picture.its just walking around
i spend so much time on these boys
as long as theyre treating you right
i miss you too! hopefully i get to see you november 4th!
definitely, i'll be there!!
making friends w/ is still a mistake, ! watch do a 180 on you!!
what a world we will live in when both putin and trump discover that neither keep their promises.
pakistan's intentional baiting of us shouldn't lead to more jingoism.we need to accept that we have to find a political solution for kashmir
is there a political problem in kashmir?didnt we have elections,didnt pp thrl vote?apart from bitchiness of huriyat thr is no,probs
i'm mad cuz i sat stefon diggs. and aaron rogers is fuckin booty
i sat carson
serio. lol i'm not happy sam took the w tho smh.
they ain't in our division so it's like whatever
feb, had hip pain. may, diagnosed stage 4 lymphoma, spread to abdomen &amp; bones. last scan showed no activity. chemo done, next scan oct
cancer researchers &amp; oncologists are saving so many of us! do you want to return to ur normal life or do you think you've changed
most girls are deadass clones of each other ... hard 2 find some originality now a days.
werd u look exactly like all the other low self esteem naked sluts i see all over twitter
nothing says "girl you outta shape" like dying while packing for college
my stairs are basically telling me "ya should've gone on the stair master more"
please stop acting surprised at the price of art or art related services
please stop expecting art and art related services to be free
damn you zionist why in the f... would you pepper spray an ambulance crew
palestinians are racist hatemongers.
that high pitched squealing you hear from stanford is celebrating a vikings win.
can confirm
did you read the tweet before it it had a scrabble reference and then i put the key to the scrabble points for context
i got that but i don't know how to read the chart
start curry bench mike cut lebron
you're so fucking dumb
girl really!!! we need to go out for real!
ugh hell yeah we do. tell me about it
are you planning on going on a hard core tour anytime soon bc im waiting to meet you tbh
yes i would love to see you :)!
final product. goulash de juanito. wolfgang puck eat your heart out.
the local prison chef is jealous
6) so, i am telling you that the picture is far more complicated, and that medicare is not better than chip for kids.
again, are you against single payer? and what is your stance on $15 fed min wage?
i sat carson
trade romo for him
the money will run out before they get 1/3 of that done.
before they do.
when was the last time had a good game?
i was at the seahawks game today. had a related thought.
under the sheets
haha! under the blanket cuz its midnight! and soon i have to give up
saturday's attacks show that failed obama/hillary clinton polices won't keep us safe! i will make america safe again!
how are you going to do that, by avoiding military service?
weird, did that even happen once when i was there?
no, but the apartment is haunted now, i forgot to mention
but non-consensual intercourse itself is not necessarily 'rape'.
'attempted rape' is merely the name of a charge, despite no actual attempted rape
&amp; we've seen ebb &amp; flow of enthusiasm 4 parpi before as pfs didn't translate in2 os as expected. hope $tsro os is a home run.
the ebb $ flow was b/f $tsro readout a few wks ago. everyone was saying now the $mdvn's parp inh. was reason for $pfe buyout
if u ever been roofied before u know how bad it sucks lol
i'm pretty sure that's what happen to me at el guapos that one time. i'm a light weight but not one beer-rita light.
gonna miss the last appearance of dps smh
i'll be pounding busch light in honor of the france family
i sure hope so
what if im the stripper?
all my 15k followers, follow
if only they were real, then just maybe...
it's what i wish for you...a life with no regrets. - katharine hepburn
have a wonderful new week steven webb.
6) so, i am telling you that the picture is far more complicated, and that medicare is not better than chip for kids.
i am giving a talk this week on income inequality and its effect on children. what should i say your stance on $15 wage is?
sully is made of sturdy, often exhilarating stuff. eastwood and hanks are at the tops of their respective games. a truly american tale.
need to see it!!! actually went down to the hudson and saw the wreckage that day after it happened!
you're unfollow people, i'm scared if this happen to me
i will never unfollow you
i feel like it's gone, &amp; dr confident enough to not extend chemo, but still nervous about the next scan. best of luck to you.
i feel that nervousness. it's horrific how fast it can spread. hopefully you find what your body is telling you
here in nash! can't wait to share it. plz give my love to the family!
good night, can't get enough of your face
'attempted rape' is merely the name of a charge, despite no actual attempted rape
since actual rape requires the use of a penis upon another person.
tbh with that defense.....tim tebow could lead them to the playoffs
y'all gon stop doing my boyfriend timmy like that lol.
can i have 50 nuggets and 3 large fries? oh and 2 ice cream cones and a mcdouble
can never forget the mcdouble
you ever miss how someone acted like when you first met them
lol nah we hella close now and we talk shit about each other whenever we can.
behind the lamp
why would a leash be anywhere but by the front door.who is this creator of nonsense?
the do-nothing republican congress
of course u realize that this graph applies to democratic congress' too no difference. their miniscule approval rating well earned
hey! here's my one week film!!! i had soooo much fun making this &gt;:^)
i love this....so much!!!!
smh i was reach for something behind my bed and my boob went into my tub of hummus
i wiped it off and tried reaching for it again and got my blanket in it too im done
damn its like that niggas thought we were friends
you got ya own friends, you'll be alright.
my job isn't to be the best player in the world or the funniest guy in the world. my job is to be me. take it or leave it.
that's why i'm a part of it
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
you need to shut up and stop politicizing tragedy.
super proud of everyone on team . our coverage today was tops. 570,000 readers agree!
i agree; decider's emmy coverage was really great/fun. nice job!
damn shame we have adults who think he got a flower crown emoji and understand some stuff about sex constitutes a credible rebuttal
i be trying to help them!
ok... please prove adhd exists.
. nothing anyone says will convince you. please go away. your mind is closed to real scientific standards.
hate it. it feels "designed" to be catchy, like its hitting bullet points on "how to be catchy"
the actual production is straight trash but it's still a good song because of that
. vs. sam bradford tonight.... fans, what are your thoughts??
very similar to wentz stat line
why even have moderators if they're not going to call out bullshit?
that's what trump wants, no moderators.
mexican food is always better when drunk
see we strategically brought the white people tequila and bomb ass food that's even better when drunk
do you know if they're knocking it down, renovating it or using it to store materials for the building site?
not sure about that one neat medium-sized building. did you see the tiny memorial in the lowes parking lot?
but it's sad in a society where us minorities r targets, we cnt work together to help each other out and make the music to address the issue
shut the fuck upppppppp no one cares
twitter friends... i haven't seen a dick in person in a long time. like damn
something has to give.
listen are you gonna hold on to this forever guys
not if you introduce me when we come to jersey for pinelands :)
woman dies of cancer one day before wedding
super lucky. all downhill from there.
happy birthday
nooooooo omg rip me but thanks man!!
where the emmys red carpet is concerned, whimsy takes grit. read the fashion review
whimsy isn't properly executed unless person actually is whimsy in kristen bell's case forced and a fail.
they waited for bush to get into office to hit on 9/11. i believe it even though it may be fake account.
looking at how many people liked or retweeted the post i'm not the only one who agrees. fake or not.
oh, and on tuesday, yoenis cepedes (the athlete) plans to meet cespedes (the horse) at belmont. should be fun.
i live right here.....what time is he going
"i would like to kiss her more", says trump of ivanka at the oz taping...which was censored.
i really think he would go after her if he could...
russian dumpling fuel is the best thing in disaster situations
i just hope he ate them after and not during, because ain't nothing less sexy than babushka's cooking.
behind the lamp
lol its in the school bag! cuz we need to get up for school soon
sustain-release highlights dr. rubinstein source direct dj stingray anthony naples
lost it at source direct. have to agree, tho i'd mix in sprinkles
some of them don't even bother to learn about the early kpop groups. i don't. think they even know about hallyu.
they have a lot to learn. being arrogant isn't going to cut it and it will just piss off "older" fans like myself.
. nothing anyone says will convince you. please go away. your mind is closed to real scientific standards.
. please prove that you aren't a mindless zombie slave to the made-up quack pseudoscience invented by lrh.
in case u missed it.
beautiful photo. have a wonderful new week everyone
the documentary was amazing. one of the best things i've seen on tv this year. the other has travolta and schwimmer.
espn doc isn't eligible until next year's emmys bc of airdate. also eligible for oscar due to limited theatrical release.
i think exhibitors are the bottleneck. vod is a huge challenge to their existence.
yes, more people would watch movies if they were immediately on tv. so the lines will blur.
googling for any recipe quickly reveals a bleak seo wasteland full of pictures of beige food with 5000+ 5-star reviews.
that's why i've gone back to cookbooks
i didn't really know the structure but i have to say it made for interesting racing today bcuz today's races won u $40k.
i would imagine so. i'm glad 50 people were able to enjoy it.
yeah what a disaster. boston of all teams is the one that kills our season. have a good night.
im at a loss if words about it too..but honestly the future is fucking bright..our youngsters made me hopeful
also, saying, 'stop doing that!' while accepting an award for, you know, doing that? idk, but that seems kind of self-serving to me.
kind of like "do as i say, not as i do", right?
the post was about child health. good attempt to segway out.
so you don't have a position on $15 wage or single payer?
hm. troubling you don't understand that other things besides penises can be used to penetrate
penetration does not equal 'rape'. again, see the case. no rape occurred.
if andy dalton had the game aaron rodgers has had tonight you would all be killing him right now.
if you think he's not getting killed right now talk to your nearest packers fan
true dat. let's just have a good day at bdubs and leave with a w tomorrow
hell yeah
right. like sis it's ok to keep stacking your money. you don't have to front to blend in
hello! they don't hear you tho.
do you know if they're knocking it down, renovating it or using it to store materials for the building site?
a lot has been torn down fore housing, and i think western digital has buildings that were once an ibm hard drive plant.
hehe, i drew two sprites, because i insisted on contributing something to it.
oh dang which ones?
no i would start lebron bench curry
curry isn't in the question
msm not even on it. have to wait for drudge to refresh. i know they know but it must be something they don't like.
checked my fox appno alerts yet
behind the lamp
where is the dog? i bet its attached to him still
this last year and a half of embedded has complemented my ios programming so positively it is pretty mind boggling.
what project did you work on?
if anybody knows anybody selling a car lmkkkkkkk
what happened? you good?
if u support trump at least support him knowing that he is in bed w putin, &amp; russia needs trump to win &amp; please at least wonder why this is
because russians think hrc is a mentally unstable war-monger who is a threat to peace
nigga meek always got omelly irrelevant ass on a diss track feature
the diss was fire though. this battle gon be good
mine's the cutest
i like the thumbs up one the most
"my ex broke my heart i don't want the same thing to happen again." me:
this some demonic tweet bro
ny deserves better than this pos!
... people actually voted for this man...
till now, not a single bollywood celebrity tweeted on for fear of losing business and fans in pakistan.
b'wood is a place of hypocrites.boycott all the films which has porkis artist in them.isolate porkis
lmaoooo we not shit! i need lolo to come back too cuz he owe me a pow burger meal
he told me he was coming out here &amp; he wanna go to sky zone we should all go
no friends is weird, probably due to his paranoia. rudy giuliani is like his igor.
that makes christie his renfield. both crave something frm him besides friendship
this sounds dangerous... or like a secret code!
a repeat patient, head of my fan club.
i wasnt even liking it at first but after like the first 3-4 listens i started vibin to it
exactly why i like it
dynamic and emotional
: why aren't we in this club :(
heart is literally breaking. exploding. and i got nauseous. he told me he'd call me in an hour and i honestly don't want him to.
boys suck bb i'm sorry :(
some of them don't even bother to learn about the early kpop groups. i don't. think they even know about hallyu.
which isn't really good news to their idols. most older generation fans get turned off because of the other fans' behavior.
when giggles is a bitch
aww thanks ..
i thought heeney would be better than this but i'm sure the raiders regret not getting a proven mlb
preseason foretold everything i needed to know about heeney he's not a starter. i'd plug in a proven vet
psa my cousins are on amber alert! please contact police if you hear or see anything! spread the word!!!
praying for them and your family
this could totally have been an episode in the last season of roseanne
anything can happen when dan dies of a heart attack!
wait is this a white girl in... or ?? i'm so fucking confused
she looks white dude i was shook
i know but if it was up to me
you'd take curry over mike and kobe?
the gold rush may inspire more to get into sector.
it should. but the rub is no value is created unless people make careers of it and hang in through 2030.
evening retreat, by abraham hunter
a beautiful paradise. happy a fantastic week
i thought it was the move in philly but either way your point stands.
yup. greenwood, archer and pine street band from tulsa where they dropped the 1st aerial bomb on american soil i.e. the song
don't do drugs kids
i like how mexican homie just sucker punched dude and saw he was being recorded and cut out
or just scared people calling in every single thing they think they see post-bombing.
there's helicopters all damned day ,but now they're just buzzing the bridge. right by ft hamilton actually
will check it out. watching cbs now there may be a report.
only a mention not any info reported. possible suspects.
leave me alone, my team just got swept and my other team also lost today. i'm bitter!
ily bby almost hockey season
shit idk lol i'm coming for san diego game i'll be on the field
lol i'm all the way in the bay i was go fw you
live on : i just won a million dollars on . let's do a quick toast!
wow, congratulations!! that's awesome. i lost $20 today lol.
the episode in grey's where o'malley dies had me teary eyed i'm ngl
george's death was so sad
i love when you are happy and when you smile
i'm smiling because of you
me: why don't people take me seriously me:
i can't stop laughing at this
i'm sick of being sad all the time
cheer up my love, you're beautiful
even if i was a theist, i'd think the same. everything is practically a placebo because we perceive everything individually
my non belief can too be a placebo because it works for me and it's mine.
you won't have to imagine for long. see you next week :0)
"ooooohh" - *crowd forms a circle*
like i said, you should seriously consider upgrading if you wear apple watch daily.
this was my first run, watches paired to same phone. a worse case scenario, but not unrealistic from the old watch.
can i bring a plus one?
you know damn well you're invited b no doubt about it yessss bring a plus one
went to the club wearing the shirt i slept in got me lookin like a product placement lookin mfer
i was literally the same on friday head to toe bottle included
wtf i have not gone on your fucking page
i did this app for fun and its a fucking scam
i'm fuckin sayin! bitches sweatin &amp; not even movin
thats you even on cold days
707 with piercings is pretty attractive..
seven with piercings
behind the lamp
the leash is under the bed. where are these rules?
poor rosie &amp; kathy. teresa wanting nothing to do w them really compromises their roles on the show! haha. !
hahahahaha. those desserts have seen their last day.
how many basic white girls are going to be eleven or barb for halloween
i'm going as the lost member of spice girls, pumpkin spice
win a super bowl first and i can't relate
butthurt colts fan angry because he has a stinky quarterback
*annual sam bradford god-like performance before he tears his acl*
according to he's the
i make that decision won't i
no reason to get so fresh sheesh.. i"m under attack here ya know
who are they blaming for those 200k+ ratings in total views?
i think bbc america cancelled orphan black.
a sizeable number of pro-trump anti-semites tweeting and e-mailing me really do believe that, as president, he will persecute jews.
how do you know these are not david brock people trying to scare jews from voting trump
that's rich for you to say that adhd questionnaires aren't scientific because they're usually personality tests.
you're also ignoring the reason that brain scans aren't necessary for add diagnosis. they're expensive &amp; unneeded.
i did this app for fun and its a fucking scam
ignore it its telling me to win a free ipad
come down, then it'll be a party
truuue, i'll make sure to bring to truly make it a turn up
i guess you could say i'm pretty famous now.
hope you enjoyed your 30 seconds of fame
i think exhibitors are the bottleneck. vod is a huge challenge to their existence.
i also wonder about festival coverage--is so much attention paid to movies nobody can see for 1 to 12 months a disconnect?
the post was about child health. good attempt to segway out.
. how is it possible that the campaign for children has no position on paying working moms a living wage??
on a scale of one to kevin spacey, how big is your closet size?
the closet big built carrie in satc is smaller than kevin spacey's for a proper comparison
who is this marxist? what capitalism agenda?
the climate hoax/change movement-are marxists who latched on to environment to push agenda.research "degrowthers"
catch and run for 43 yards and he coughed it up when tackled.
but a win is a win! 2-0 great start! we salsa next week!!
this was my first run, watches paired to same phone. a worse case scenario, but not unrealistic from the old watch.
i thought maybe having them paired to the same phone was interfering, so switched to using my wife's watch. still instructive.
i know they have. i get emails, notes, from people who's minds i've changed. that's the point. change audience minds.
how many do you need to change before "impactful" would be considered accurate?
mark what are you implying about cabbage, the leafy green of desire?
anyone feeding you cabbage doesn't have your best interests at heart (best dumplings filled with cherries or meat)
i live right here.....what time is he going
seriously adam this aint a joke
to think retired exec of msnbc like yourself to be fair an objective would be like smoking crack
never tried it
i have a fractured italian family, we've said horrible thing, we are at a point of being civil will it ever be the same nope. walls are up
sometimes you just can't get past it. hurt is hurt, especially when they speak ill of your parents. i get it.
if you see me skating around nyc, ask for my board &amp; it's yours. let's stay safe while continuing to enjoy all this fine city has to offer.
hope to see u around me hawk
it is a babymaking song. there's no way around it.
it really is. it's like slow jam, swaying hips to the slow beat, make bad decisions and worry about them later perfection
riddle me this, try any of that! from her ashes her fair virgin fire - doth new massacres conspire.
*...it showed that the universe must have begun with a singularity, if einstein's general theory of relativity is correct...*
you're also ignoring the reason that brain scans aren't necessary for add diagnosis. they're expensive &amp; unneeded.
fmri, eeg, spect, &amp; the other brain scans are wonderful for advancing scientific research &amp; proving is real.
we support universal coverage for kids. we do not support repealing chip for medicare, higher cost sharing &amp; weaker benefits.
keep chip. do you support expanding medicare for all adults w/single payer? or no position?
street wankage, on-the-subway wankage, and a guy clipping his toenails on the lex line.
my aunt once saw a well-dressed businessman open his briefcase on the subway, take out a baby bonnet &amp; put it on!
omfg this is my life!
fuck, me too...
the other one lol
the best one
very true! the future looks bright for sure!!
the thing about me is i always look at the plus side not the negative!
yay! we should... when tho and we all know lolo don't show up to shit so it gotta be real
make the haitian boy pay for it all ?
we support universal coverage for kids. we do not support repealing chip for medicare, higher cost sharing &amp; weaker benefits.
and why do you refuse to answer a simple question on the fed min wage?
and i bet it hurts way beyond its size :|
actually for once it is equal precisely to size of impact! anxiety making me dizzy and everything feel like it's exploding tho
what flavor of talenti do you want me to bring over?
yes and pistachio
yes!! i've been across the world in some of the most beautiful cities &amp; there's just nothing like san francisco. perfection
i love it so much. ah! if you're ever wanting to visit it &amp; need a pal count me in!
couldn't find my mustache glue!
i'm sure you had plenty of toupe glue. can't that substitute in a pinch?
it's now official, the jimmy garoppolo has suffered a broken collarbone.
garoppolo is gonna be out 6 weeks. when is he a free agent. he's gonna get alot of offers?
hahaha my favorite vid thought i was going to make it under for some reason...i was very wrong
dude i'm dying listen to your scream
california, im bout to bless you with my presence. good news is always great.
which part?
my dad literally said the same thing
lol it was such a random win!
lil salty cuz i'm wearing a hella cute outfit but no ones around to see it.
even though i can't see the outfit i'm sure it only adds to make you look even cuter than b4. then again, ur always cute.
i really miss my girls man
i was beyond smacked i was dum af
kept telling that the truth cannot be swept under a rug...and that he does not know more than others.
thanks. i wish nothing but the best for him. like i said, if he directed his passion toward helping others....
my prediction: where is now? is he available 2 come back 2 the system?
matt flynn would be a good choice
winning pitchers: jeff reardon, reardon, mike boddicker, greg harris.
was harris throwing lefty or righty?
since adding my home network has never been more unreliable. congested network traffic &amp; poor optimization.
as much as i appreciate the support tried to provide it's not (yet) able to support a home with lots of iot devices.
we support universal coverage for kids. we do not support repealing chip for medicare, higher cost sharing &amp; weaker benefits.
hillary clinton supported "welfare reform" in the 1990s which continues to devastate the working poor. do you support repeal?
"yeah, that will show em" as the tears flowed onto the sad man's keyboard streaming down his porcelain cheeks
i got this gem last night
if you like trump as a disruptor of the status quo, so did until he spent time talking with him
no vp no support, simple as that.
i'm such a huge believer in karma.. i'm thinking about what i must've done to have such a terrible day
i think the same way. megan says that it's just me being negative lol
if you're not in brooklyn today, tune to c-span2 to watch &amp; i talk about our microbial masters
microbial masters? perhaps a tad histrionic
the world-famous re-spam of my friday column at midnight on a sunday. this one's about sad sports boys/david brooks.
i know i told you already but this is very, very good
that would a good idea. i need to confirm the time but i think the bs is set from 4-7pm. i'll keep you posted
okay!let me know, excited na ako! looking forward to watching the movie with my fellow kathniels! please message me or call
fbi arrests five people in chelsea bombing connection
five people is a lot. have we seen a terror attack/plot with that many people in the us since 9/11?
it's a weird thing, because it's of intense interest to a very small group. most places it's not even major web traffic.
no harm in building appetite--except if, by the time it opens, a movie feels like old news to those who shd be talking it up.
fmri, eeg, spect, &amp; the other brain scans are wonderful for advancing scientific research &amp; proving is real.
not that anything on this planet would convince you that david miscavige is telling you false data to control you.
if andy dalton had the game aaron rodgers has had tonight you would all be killing him right now.
to compare them is laughable...
my stairs are basically telling me "ya should've gone on the stair master more"
update: sitting i front of my air conditioning, couldn't hang
clutch, . clutch.
thank you for the pic and fantasy win
changed the game in &lt;5 minutes
got zayn, and my last shard was brock
maybe in an alternate universe. trump sucks, but she is openly lying and i don't see anyone pushing it.
ur so stupid if u think hillary lies &amp; trump tells the truth! how do u survive in this world dummy?
finally updating to ios10 and i already regret it
would you like some stickers
ignore this, sorry mane
its a fucking scam app that i tried for fun and now its trying to give me a free ipad ya feel
your influence! i feel like ppl gas up ugly boys just bc they have a beard to conceal their ugliness! no thx!
i'm so glad you've seen the light
this post was published before jld said her father died, but now it just looks super-insensitive:
for very obvious reasons, the post shouldn't be deleted. but maybe there should be a new headline &amp; an editor's note.
tag you club promoters! club promoters, dm me! runa
runa what's the matter boo boo you're not as vibrant as you were boo boo
lol the social media people took it on their walk cuz they left us
she 's back in the bedroom soon.
people underestimating dc4
shits boutta be fire.
don't overthink. don't overthink. don't overthink. stop overthinking. stop overthinking. stop overthinking.
i mean let's consider all the scenarios first.
how can i make bae? he is so fine
i'm being serious
goodnight to everyone except leo's &amp; libra's
hope capricorns sleep extra comfortable tonight
dear deer by iman mandal
wonderful photography
we support many initiatives to alleviate child poverty. solutions that a tweet can't cover but white paper will.
specifically, do you support a fed $15 min wage for the working poor?
been driving sorry for the delay but he was eating chips &amp; i asked for one he gave me a crumb &amp; said "i still don't like u"
every time i slightly break he grabs the handle bar above the seat, inhales sharply &amp; braces himself so damn dramatic
noooooo i've lost my oiselle hoodie somewhere in my travels! i think i must have dropped it in the airport when i landed! fuck!
got a knockoff adidas hoodie and north face jacket for the mountains. they'll do but im still really upset. my jacket also disappeared!
trump met with 1 black pastor last week and got wall-to-wall coverage. clinton met with a convention of black pastors last night and...?
businessman dazzles 'em w/unexpected! problem is "objective" news media keeps falling for it.
i love those. sorry about the trip but at least you have butterscotch caramels.
meh, i'll survive. but these are amazing!!
glad to hear films ready. i contributed too. once you take money your work's done. no info shared with contributors
we have been sharing every step of our journey with our contributors via email. will check immediately
hahaha if i can get settled enough to get back into sending stuff i'll definitely get you some!
i have to send your mystic keychain and sticker or if you can wait till january...
rocking this setup for the week...
they did this nigga dirty man... he should have been a goat
when he did the 007 thing in merediths hand i was like
are you all caught up? cuz there's another death that had me fucked up. once one of my fav character died, i stopped watching.
in the school of ethics there are quite a few differing opinions on what that means... first we have to define "good of mankind"
i think basic rules like "thy shall not kill" work better than rules around what's best for the humanity.
they are both lying directly to you, in plain sight. add yourself to your own little group.
factcheck says trump lies, not hillary
no. we won't be doing that.
just think about it
since adding my home network has never been more unreliable. congested network traffic &amp; poor optimization.
core issue is appears to under utilize available spectrum and channels. bummer. so many other things to like but...unusable here.
joining me next on , it's espn chargers dude and later its - sirius 210 &amp; xm 87
crazy that the million dollar winner was on the radio on my way to work this morning. heard parts of the segment
it took a second... but lol i hate you! im fucking weak yo!
lmao happens to everybody
the white dude runnin the ball hit em wit the truck stick first lol
that's mathew stafford haha
for the win! what else does it mean?
fuck the world
both of the persons on the libertarian ticket have served as governors. how else do you build on that?
have more in the party serving in other roles. besides, l's hate government. why would i want them running it?
wanna give my bride of 22 years a huge shout out today! don't know how i got so lucky desi, but i ain't askin' no...
happy 22nd anniversary! it was my birthday also and you made my day at city parks tennis at the bjk tennis center!
oooh! try "higher" by sigma.
omg i was listening and like "okay, great, good" and then it got to the one minute mark and it pumps it up. amazing!!!
i cannot wait another year for stranger things season 2 to come out. no
this is my life right now. is it bad that i have a crush on mike? i can't
guess who's getting another triages piercing after it ripped off the first time
omgg i've wayss wanted that along w/ top cartilage, where are you getting it done ?
i wanna get tattoos but my pops would fucking kill me
tell him yous a grown as man with his own place and a dog and then beg him and say please
oh y'all thought i was done
oooh girl tongue out n everythang. i c u ;-)
i will frame that screenshot and hang it above my fireplace.
ahhh i feel famous alrwady
we are a child advocacy group.
yes, i know. but children live w/parents who are working poor and $15 wage could lift millions out of poverty. your position?
have more in the party serving in other roles. besides, l's hate government. why would i want them running it?
also, they appear clueless on simple world affairs. big black eye.
fabulous story - from one survivor to another - i applaud you
i'm in awe of you -- coming forward with courage. in solidarity.
hodor not at the emmys for domination because he's calling plays for green bay.
one reason minnesota defense was so dominant was because of surprisingly one-dimensional offense from packers. hodor
i've updated the "how do hash tables work" playground on my writing page for swift 3, and with additional examples:
this is excellent.
well, technically it could be both o.o
just took in 5 down the block from me. apparently dressed in arabic clothing. i'm totaly shocked!
williams: we didn't do a great job executing
funny how they know what's wrong but 2 games in the defense is outplayed and out muscled
ani gotta do it. he fuck wit her the hardest.
facts facts !
loved every minute of !!!! thank you for the recommendation! and... go listen to this podcast! one of the best!
yay!! one of my fave shows!!!
i'm going to attempt to break my hand.
this is the stupidest tweet i've ever seen besides the video of me lighting my hair on fire
bitch the only time shes on my tl is you talking about her all the time plz stfu
lmao true tho she won't die unless u let her
read two tweets ago. sorry i don't tweet as fast as you do.
i read your tweets. i'm concerned that you don't have a position on $15 fed min wage which would help millions of children
happy birthday john , don't forget to take some shots for me ily
thank u alondra! and u kno i got u! ily2
in the school of ethics there are quite a few differing opinions on what that means... first we have to define "good of mankind"
but in reinforcement learning does the need to hurt people to learn that it's wrong? kids hurt each other too...
lots are watching with great interest dan. hoping ur the real deal.
danger what are "we" watching just arrived???
recore is more enjoyable to me than inside. inside was a good game too
yeah they're both good games. recore more fun for me to tho. more action. love the double jump, dash
pope: refugee hospitality is 'our greatest security' against terrorism so how many are you taking into the vatican?
roman catholicism runs within my dna ...yet i object to the pope's madness. infallible he is not.
cool. so i assume u could never vote for trump either. u sitting this one out, huh?
hey third party is an option
it was a solid catch wasn't it
lmao. he should line up opposite julio jones!
nice, we aren't doing mysql yet at lyft but possibly soon. thanks for the link.
oh the point was that it does capture/replay for http now too, not just mysql. so you *could* do benchmarks if you cared
hold the front door - mcafee is 71? mcafee was born the month wwii ended? that mcafee? is john mcafee a vampire?
he's pretty aged in real life. he's just well maintained
yeah, the lungs i believe.
his voice is the loudest a person can possibly whisper
people ask how do you know snowden is genuine? bc citizenfour is literally the whole situation going down with cameras along the entire way
loved how much airtime got w the sticker on his laptop during the hollywood version though. civil liberties group in today's world
youre gorgeous!!
aw jen literally omg ur so cute thank u
when is the next ai winter?
this winter? :)
she's so flawless omg
right im obsessed with her
maybe i should light myself on fire too
bad idea. 2/10. wouldn't recommend.
this is excellent.
thank you!
what the hell happened????
they're renovating and changing stuff i think
i really want a watch and i barely spend money on frivolous things
watches are highly functional
wishing my family the best at the tonight!
best season finale out of all the seasons , bravo to the crew of best show looking foward to next season
actually for once it is equal precisely to size of impact! anxiety making me dizzy and everything feel like it's exploding tho
can anxiety be cancelled???
nah, that's that white privilege to expect a cart, ap said i just needa limp up into the locker room
peyton ain't gotta limp that far
yeah, what's with the seahawks.
crappy play calling. don't like our oc. and the rams always seem to have our number regardless.
the nyff one tomorrow?
yeah. it's not happening. i, do not care for that director's recent output.
do u miss this stable relationship???? do u miss us being together!?
miss it so much
i won a dynatrap works on trapping mosquitos and other bugs. haven't seen one mosquito all summer!
i have one.i dont see one bug in it
it's honestly such a mystery!!! cus it's like any one of the family members could have but then you just don't know
this is gonna bug me for the rest of my life bro lmao
meek mill killed the game
shit wasn't as hard as game on meek in my opinion
if you have netflix, watch this episode: parents.
alright, that was pretty good actually
what happened?!
they're renovating and changing stuff i think
bruh what.. lol he posed after he hit him too like he did something
lmaooo nigga ain't even try to defend himself
don't you know by now, i know everything
you is right
all around a god guy..
ur the best
who is this marxist? what capitalism agenda?
like most crap-imported from europe,degrowth movement doesn't hide agenda.its own writings admit hijacking climate
driver: unintended acceleration! not "driver error!"
wow look before she was about to stop her car went through the store so violently..
i don't see any proof. medicines could be placebos. chemotherapy could be a placebo. we believe it works, just like you..
..believe your religion and your god works and you say there's proof. i say there isn't. your bible says atheists go to hell
yeah. it's not happening. i, do not care for that director's recent output.
neither do i but i've never been to an nyff press screening before. on the other hand: sleep.
yup conn limits main initial issue for us, but the stats pretty neat also. i do have mongo l7 ideas but not implemented yet
lmk if you want any help brainstorming up ideas on the mongo side, i know too much
the fourth one looks like the goatee of the man who sets up sound equipment for the goo goo dolls &amp; is sold by "unknown."
i guess he won't tell them his name.
i hope my yellow hair &amp; yellow wall brightens your timeline
it's brightened my whole life x100000
i definitely have manners.
if you say so!!
oh well the dudes last name who hit him is stafford too
oh shit how u even notice that
tv has the opposite problem: there's effectively no means of distribution for genuinely independent work.
there's youtube.
this jem movie is so bad. instagram filter, the movie
ew. tell him to read the great idw comic instead.
wet your set costume for twin day you won't
aggahahagha id die of heat exhaustion
he ordered a wtf on a hero
he legit just ordered burger meat with lettuce and mayo on a hero. he needs to do more
being teased about my weight as a kid means every time i think about food, it's a process of "am i hungry? do i need it? i don't deserve it"
this is too real
well it's nearly midnight here. i have to sleep soon.
in ny! yup.we will wake to see new bie named for the machine.my students would have enjoyed prize 2
she held it down :,/
dang esp when i got hella faded that one at @ jaycees
i got mario maker, but i'm not good at it
bring it on dude! (not so) patiently waiting for a vid
your team is fuckin trash
blow a peen
hate everything right now
i thought uber stopped showing the increase factor in favor of just the $ estimate? seemed smart. either way sorry you're delayed
if you find yourself always using one abstraction, or never using any abstractions, you're probably making bad choices. ask yourself why.
some situations are better handled with observables, some with promises, some with generators, etc. pick the right tool.
yooo this is me ohde
you or ronny ?
l's don't hate government, they hate the drain on the tax payer, they hate the intrusions into personal life.
yet many are ok with restrictions on abortion and immigration, lol. righties who like pot are l's.
app store review team 2008-????
"we have lots of serious developers who don't want their quality apps to be surrounded by amateur hour."
i can't wait for this election to be over. after trump is defeated it will take awhile to evacuate him from our system, like spoiled food.
much worse &amp; longer than spoiled food, more like ecoli.
baking for the first time in ages. looks ok. (feels a bit dense and heavy. we'll see.)
inspired by the bake off? :d
face avatar sucks. im back lol
well at least now the world knows how cool your hair is
been at this for several hours not sure how many
with all the time i put in.i missed bike riding
homie was already a legend by the early 00s on the west and respected across the board. he got a respectful resume
exactly look at how many young guns run to collab with him shit craz how people ignore his stats
awww thank you po
you are very welcome. pls write more good vibes and god bless you and your family.
we are coming out with a lengthy set of policies on child poverty via , including raising the minimum wage.
does that position support a fed min wage of $15/hr for working poor?
the budget difference between "small" shows on hulu compared to a "small" independent movie. come on, man.
come on man what? i'm not suggesting the playing field is level.
nancy wheeler is my gf yo, my name is steve after all
fuck steve, jonathan for the win
i'm high key watching all your videos on youtube all over again
:))) i hope that i can see you soon !!!
muslim fashion designer makes history with hijab collection at new york fashion week
-these designs make every woman wearing them look like royalty.
that's gary more than bill weld... and they are non interventionists. it doesn't surprise me he didn't know about aleppo.
silly me, wanting a potus candidate to be conversational on world events! aleppo is not tough to read about.
listening 2 &amp; i think back to ppoc &amp; i just think how much the songs relate to my life. thats how u know the music is amazing.
missing u a ton
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
make america great....not open our borders and lose our culture!
less talkin', more smokin' smoke is definitely my new favorite thing to paint
is this done on an ipad pro? what program do you use mainly? amazing work angel
haha that's right! i miss you dude
it's too tempting not to tell someone when it connects with spongebob. when can we hang!
we are coming out with a lengthy set of policies on child poverty via , including raising the minimum wage.
or will it mirror hrc's position which does not support fed wage but is ok w/states doing it? this matters.
what happens between us, should stay between us
couldn't agree more. could you please d/m me or call my land phone to keep it that way. &gt;simple1
after much thought, i've decided to dive for and aim to break the men's 6 dive one meter record this year. 252.95, i'm coming for you.
so proud of you!!
this thirst for a gaffe literally got more national coverage than st. cloud last night. media bubble is very real.
does that explain near ubiquitous reference to "explosion" when bomb would have been more honest descriptor?
morning jerry. hope you are doing well dear. how is your health coming along?
i've been typng in my book about what i found in this mind of mine.
aside from the fact that the americans didn't win everything, the emmys were pretty right this year, i thought
yeah but it was a pretty significant "aside from the fact"
never label any axes! and put in those cool squiggles into the axis so you can justify any possible curve with real data! : )
i just forgo all graphs for an actual image of a hockey stick.
have asked the optician for a pair of glasses that looks as serious as possible. actual results are somewhat comical.
can't go wrong with these!
wait is it really that bad? i've been using their facial scrub for over a year
yeah the scrub in it is so harsh it gives you microscopic tears and it can get clogged in your pores
as he presents, wishing congrats on his award for guest actor in !
congrats hope they use you next season love your wacky character
no one went to the restroom.
i did, actually. this wasn't in there. lol
women would go inside the clothing store, spent 6hours just to come out with one fucking item!!!!!
gotta be careful with the money feel me
same. i'm conflicted. idk what to do
i say wherever you live closer to!
as if you needed another reason to see live, the sequence with his classics re-imagined in new styles was absolutely delightful.
so excited to see him next week, iylts my first time! i've been listening to him since i was a kid but never live!
neither do i but i've never been to an nyff press screening before. on the other hand: sleep.
there are 786 screenings to follow. some made by directors who don't spend their spare time yelling about the jews all day.
fuck steve, jonathan for the win
i agree with sam, sorry :/
wow i'm hurt
this shouldn't be a shock
we are coming out with a lengthy set of policies on child poverty via , including raising the minimum wage.
if you get 15 min i would love it if you would check out my ted talk from earlier this year on child poverty.
hahaha worker laws are amazing here bruh , this more of a morning city where everyone does everything early af
worker laws my ass they all just can't hang
my mom real life took off on her flight without giving me the car keys so i'm stuck in sf lmao
i'm so heated!!!
gus malzahn is 28-15 (13-12 sec) at auburn. gene chizik was fired with a head coaching record of 33-19 (15-17 sec) at auburn.
what is the average ppg and margin of loss during those two spans? bet it tells an interesting story.
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
can't stop it if you can't name it!
"i don't want a wig that looks like a wig; i want one that could pass for a weave" nicki minaj
i prefer my wig to be larger than life for patsy stone; liked my big blonde one though.
just had dinner with and ... nice to catch up !
great to chat!
one of the reasons why i dont join one. every day is goddamn drama. my fangirl world revolves around my boys and only them. they are enough.
omg. i rarely join filipino fandoms but all my memories of it aren't very pleasant
what an ugly game for the "nfl's best quarterback." we'll see the real best qb when his suspension ends in two more games.
bradford was impressive. vikings just need another good wide receiver to complement diggs. whats the deal with jeff janis?
, continued. hillary averaging 40% in three states pres. obama won.
that would really suck if he won
at what point do you grow out of that behavior..?
well for some people......never.
i am suggesting they are his museums and his art galleries
hmmmm. that one could use some work honestly.
so, are you for repealing chip and moving kids into medicare?
i am for expanding medicare to all adults w/single payer. keep chip
i'll pretend you're still drunk from this weekend.
how do you know i'm not still drunk from last weekend?
trump has really stepped in it this time: he called nyc explosion a "bomb" 24 hours before it was confirmed to be a bomb. disqualifying!
hahaha....truth hurts!
you got to mix it with antianxiety and then together they release a whole bunch of manic energy
can i be held instead and told my head is perfectly fine? ;-;
worked there for 19 years, always found that amusing.
banks are a mess when it comes to tech, so many groups each working in isolation
please don't email me to style your weird fetishy overly exposed import model photography. i don't want to be involved with that.
you could to the very least not write tfp in the emails. i sure as hell am not working a job like that for free.
i just have to know is this the last ray ray?
no they coming back i read
you're right i'm being selfish
yo who are these @ they got u worked up
sage watching me crochet. just waiting to pounce. that yarn must die.
love that total concentration!
so, are you for repealing chip and moving kids into medicare?
you still haven't answered about $15 fed wage. it's a pretty simple question.
nyg got a dub, lvf got a dub, my fantasy team got a dub this weekend was great
west bab got the dub the giants won as said, my fantasy team got killed. i'm died
really think this should have an editors note at the top instead of just the tacked-on last line
i suppose i'd be ok with it being taken down
worker laws my ass they all just can't hang
but this is the city that never sleeps and apparently they also don't eat from 11pm to 8am
i was so happy seeing tasha and ghost fuck. keep this ebony shit going
ugh i'm missing this entire season bc my membership ended!
first day working at the shop was a success.
proud of you, girl.
i'm in tha buildin n i'm feelin myself
yes she is
i am suggesting they are his museums and his art galleries
but i can't think of anything better immediately
why my head so damn big? and yes i use my hair to hide it
sthu, you fine af
we're both in la
ohhhh! hmmmmm...why not both?
just added to the bill! my 80-year-old mom quizzing teenagers about og kush. rsvp here:
what is og kush? (can't wait regardless!)
no, this is her road. it is internal. she must prove herself wrong, and see what she's capable of!
true. the road we are on is ours alone, but paths cross
went to the feast of san gennaro today &amp; got sausage &amp; broccoli rabe on a hero and had everyone looking at me because of how massive it was
but it's so good
fine: non-menstruators telling menstruators what they are &amp; are not allowed to feel about their menstrual cycles
proud of the capacity to bear life?
dilli's khooni darwaza it is said that after killing the prince,hodson personally stripped their bodies of jewellery
spent almost 8 years right in front of khooni darwaza... but you are showing us it in full light..... thanks
yeah shit can i come over and use your white board this needs workshopping
let's fire up skype and get this done
up late putting together a special birthday surprise for a special, special guy.
he's incredibly bad at remembering my bday, but i never forget his
loved that week without internet. (@ los angeles international airport - in los angeles, ca)
where'd you guys go?
lmfao it's fine i get it some leo's are hard to handle and arrogant
they really are
this bodysuit tho
look at those lashes
actually this doesn't seem like a crazy argument, as much as i hate to admit it
you agree with the man who lied us into the iraq war? or have "journalists" just become
the money will run out before they get 1/3 of that done.
it read like a ceo on a coke-fulled ego binge. not a single data point derived from their own insights.
so i wanted to pull a prank on my friends
so me and my sister found this app that makes fake ultrasounds as a prank on ur friends
so after all the hassle with the black hole banner, raider brass comes down at ht to apologize and give us these.
they left one guy out tho haha
allow me to reintroduce myself . . . my name is . . .
it's true haha
some situations are better handled with observables, some with promises, some with generators, etc. pick the right tool.
the best tool isn't always the easiest to use, it's usually the one that produces the best results.
bet you can stand the cheerleaders .. jk
nah they pretty bomb
if i wrote it i would delete it.
deleting posts is way too charged a subject at gawker. it technically requires 2/3 vote of ceo, general counsel &amp; exec editor.
morning jerry. hope you are doing well dear. how is your health coming along?
not concerned, too much about what i can't do anything about.
they are for gov staying out of your life and for obeying the law of the land.
unless a woman wants an abortion or a person wants to move here, right?
only donald trump can do it. he alone. who talks like this? [rhetorical]
three year olds?
i wonder what it's like... to have friends.
you never text me back smh
a lot of people judge me bc i'm a boy and i'm a big supporter of u. but i dont care, thank you for making me happy everyday
wooooah that's not cool ! doesent matter if ur a boy or a girl. my music is for everyone
you always have been to meeee
i love u so much western shawty
aww you gotta show between that ass :)
i always do, on my website join today! over 100k pics &amp; vids
wait shit should be open there till like 5 am supposedly
arby's and like dunkin donuts are open so i would rather starve.
i've definitely seen dillinger and i want to use it. just also need to see what users see exactly on github :)
i'll add to roadmap. should be at least an export feature
got to be up in 2 hours for a lecture nope
if you were here with me it would barely be midnight but cool have fun
it really is the full gamut of internet responses. from hilarity to anger!
i think it's funny and basically true. i love the people busting out screenshots of maps!
just googled this and whoa
i much prefer his early "boy-with-bird" work to his later "let's-disproportionally-sanction-israel" work ...
trump campaign manager kellyanne conway: hillary clinton's a lousy closer
you know why that is? b/c hrc won't engage w/ we the people; making hrc arrogant, superficial, and uninformed.
you're a smooth motherfucker, i swear.
ah, well once in a while i am. but for you, i'll always be
.: "... owes an apology."
yup. he lies just like hillary!
gonna try this one out for the first time
apply it w your hands swear it looks wayyyy better
i wish someone would trade my $10 itunes giftcards for a $10 google play gift cards i don't have an iphone but i want pokemon go-money. t__t
you can dl the google opinion rewards app. answer surveys &amp; over time you accumulate store credit
i still thinking about you take care, please
thanks, dear camarada. don't worry about me. i just worry about all these mixed information. remember me cold war era. do you?
you should cast yourself as an 80s bully.
i can't wear sleeveless shirts for this reason
deleting posts is way too charged a subject at gawker. it technically requires 2/3 vote of ceo, general counsel &amp; exec editor.
a new headline and an editor's note should be enough.
nope but understanding their philosophy that they are focused inward, and don't care about syria helps me understand why
so, world events will pause while an l is in office? lol. cluelessness is a bad look for a prez. candidate.
barely related but the 1st time i went to la i needed to tourist stop at the beverly hills police station. so worth it.
i need to rewatch all those next.
rock em sock em btl of prove it or lose street cred 4eva' rolle / actual -going for popcorn want some?
sure:() is someone "outing" a bernie thingy? what's nature of cred fight?
tbh sometimes i wonder why i'm not steampunk
oh god please don't
1 week until the debate, so the expectation setting will begin, wondering where the bar is.the bar is to be president of the united states.
no. it's like if you're hiring an airline pilot. if one applicant has never flown a plane, you give them a bunch of leeway.
wine bars, and google, are entitled to pay any wages they wish to for talent. if other firms outbid them, oh well, fellow capitalists.
agree on wages / competition but there's insanity on the other side due to lack of dev and local laws
do you support the us ratifying the un convention on the rights of the child?
it's like i'm tweeting to thin air. you refuse to answer simple question. i'm confused. aren't you the campaign for children?
carpet stores are the only way to tell a true city from a phony backwater
toledo ohio has a nice art museum and carpet stores and it's a dump...
oooh! try "higher" by sigma.
to throw back to you (before i have to go to bed lol) in the name of love by martin garrix, bebe rexha, spirits by strumbellas
trump: "i think that ['s] bodyguards should drop all weapons... let's see what happens to her."
she hates guns!! oh wait...she hates your guns!
pretty good burn
pretty rich given uberx is a full ripoff of lyft. now, lyft was a ripoff of uber black, with more desperation.
i support libertarian ideal that us should consolidate interests and stop wasting lives, $ resources abroad.
yet i bet you were ok with the $$ and resources jr. bush put toward iraq.
beyond that they seem to think we have no dignity or sense of self preservation and that trump's bigotry doesn't motivate us.
i keep thinking in what world do they think latinos are going to stay home?? there isn't a chance in the
words to live by.
this is the theme of a talk i have coming up.
i don't even wanna work on this essay so i'm just gonna bullshit this if i can.
what is it on?
my god son hit that
this is an outrage
oooh! try "higher" by sigma.
oooh. also, chvrches is also just very fun
i *love* foursquare's ios 10 widget. useful, and they didn't roll out terrible boring icons.
their icon design is on point.
i did answer. i am not the poverty staff person but know the coalition is putting together a series of white papers.
ok no need to get angry. just asked the question multiple times, you didn't say that at first.
it bugs me soososo much bc sometimes i really like how it looks the first time lmaooo :/
facts i just recorded a song that i thought would be soooo good but it turned out to be ass i still gotta rerecord it lol
morning jerry. hope you are doing well dear. how is your health coming along?
i'm getting messages about good things happening very soon?
ok this is getting scary. i hope this package turns out to be nothing.
your hope is not granted. they r 3 pipe bombs and 2 small devices.
i really hate losing things :( i feel you
pretty sure my jacket was stolen but i for sure lost my hoodie. im one of those "never lose things" people so im taking it hard
just found this in my bag makes a great book mark thanks
i miss ya .
i'm on a cancer leo cusp so i'm not all that bad just mad emo sometimes
you're only half bad then
boo.... t.t hopefully you're still doing okay. 3 hours of rest does not make for easy travel.
im so fukken tired i just took a 15 minute nap jfc hopefully board i. 30
"with you" in heavy rotation rn fam omg
the beat is so good
do you need to be picked up??
thank you but i figured it out for tonight. i'm just gonna take bart home tomorrow. i'll see if my aunt can swoop me tmrw
we finally beat a franchise qb, john
yes, long time coming. and defense stopping that quarterback was the key to the whole thing
the tag is still going strong. aaaah! so many awesome creators!
i'm just catching up with this. amazed by all the great talents represented!!
for anyone watching the - that was the shootout to my emmy award winning husband (yay behind the scenes personnel!)
shout out* he didn't work on a western. maybe someday...
you know how celebrity couples constantly divorce &amp; we're always like "true love doesn't exist." well, danny devito + rhea perlman, ~35 yrs.
congrats to them, but jane wyatt maybe won prize--husband edgar died in 2000 day before their 65th anniversary!
flashback: obama campaign accused clinton of feeding 'false claims' about his origins in 2008 the sean hannity show
love it when truth comes back n bites her in her rear!
the color of this 'super cute' dinosaur decoded in new research:
-super cuteness is a definable set of characteristics that signal to all mothers that extended caring is needed.
pretty rich given uberx is a full ripoff of lyft. now, lyft was a ripoff of uber black, with more desperation.
point is, no one's hands are clean here.
just got cut off by jesus himself at church, the wine line i was in ran out as soon as i got to the front
jesus, take the wheel
why are we rehashing this again? let's work on more important issues..
because it was part of the dnc's rigging to smear sanders and cost him the election. now we have warmonger hillary
dude. you need to road trip.
yeah that requires money and the ability to take a lot of time off from work
i feel like every bushwick apartment i've been in (as an australian) looks the same is this troutman
no i'm in ridgewood now :)
niggas be like "you can't do paint it for $20?" no nigga. the canvas alone costs 60.
niggas do not understand the work/money that goes into this
mark had his cronies remove it then realized it was lame and apologized with pins?
i think the nfl were the ones who had a problem with it, but the way the raiders handled the situation was embarrassing.
snapchat is a man's bestfriend
woah, your face is so nice !
might be signing a compton rapper soon.. interestingly enough.
compton or bompton
all these bomb scares yo what's good with ppl
practice for search &amp; destroy
walking around mad about 'neoliberal' architecture is like bitching about beer not being microbrewed
there are big glass condo buildings that are beautiful. some look like shit. murtaza is just player-hating on natural light.
i've never had a popsicle this good
i felt that earlier
boo.... t.t hopefully you're still doing okay. 3 hours of rest does not make for easy travel.
thank you for worrying about me ;3; so sweet
i never experienced and i dont think i ever will. fans here dictate a lot and the bullying ol? nakakatakot.
i've never been in the front row seat of the online bullying. i stopped before that happened. but the drama, my gosh. it gets to u
yep it's lookin at me
lol it's all big and bright . it's the same in texas?
i couldn't disagree more. it has to start somewhere. vote your heart &amp; mind, screw what others think
and voting your heart &amp; mind, consequences be damned, is a very privileged, selfish way to vote. it's bigger than me, this vote.
october, november, december, january. best months out of the year
you forgot september .....
thank you so much for last night it was amazing and i loved your singing
was so good to see u :) i've got a free show in la on october 1st if u wanna come !
noooooo i've lost my oiselle hoodie somewhere in my travels! i think i must have dropped it in the airport when i landed! fuck!
ha ha ha the jacket is not going to fit in the back of my camelback. i just can't fucking win right now. fingers crossed for no rain!
ur missing out on a great convo
true we're making fun of people
'after years of being nominated'? this was her second nom. your articles are almost always terrible.
thanks for reading, person with 20 followers who gets mad at the emergency kittens account.
please for the love of god do not follow his footsteps
especially if you hate winning everything forever
its me and my twin birthday happy birthday bro and my bro happy birthday and bless whoever has our birthday
happy born day this year more lit cause i found another person to be lit with
so, why the initial hostility to our initial tweet if we are in agreement on chip?
it's not hostility. it's that 27 million americans have zero health care. many of them have children.
why are we rehashing this again? let's work on more important issues..
ms. flores shouldn't have been so reckless spreading such falsehoods, knowing how damaging they would be. now trump
i was just merely tossin it out there.after y2k and spending 13months in underground shelter. im not so trustin w opinions
i still can go over to the officers club and hide in the bunkers on base but they're a little-preoccupied atm i'm guessing
djt supporters! please retweet/like/comment on this video so see it!
love it! looks like an abandoned building!
e-40 slander is funny; doesn't take away from the fact that the man is a west coast legend since captain save a hoe
feds', sprinkle me, dusted and disgusted all classic
comparing literary elements of two stories
that's right up my alley; what are the two?
i hate playing webkinz on school nights bc i can never find a kid to play me in the tournament arena
text me next time we will go in at the same time and you can come to my house and see my dope ass rooms
i love how hung out with me last night the whole show after he performed!
if u waaaaaana hang again i've got a free show on october 1st in la :)
i dont wanna leave my house but i want reassurance that im not missing anything. thanks, literally all web writing!
she is wearing a toga and her arm is extended, ready to give a thumb up or a thumb down.
fbi are denying arrests have been made.
huh. needs a fact check
ooh! what did he work on
live with danny elfman at lincoln center - they won for outstanding sound mixing
this essay for what? just post your tits &amp; keep it moving
yo.. thank you.. shit is ridiculous
mirror selfies are always better at fancy ice cream places.
i know this one! (to be fair, i know most of the fancy ice cream shops in manhattan.)
happy birthday trueyyy have fun be safe
thank you so much appreciate it
the color of this 'super cute' dinosaur decoded in new research:
-big head and eyes, relative to body size, is almost always seen as "cute".
e-40 slander is funny; doesn't take away from the fact that the man is a west coast legend since captain save a hoe
fuck around and get tossed off the bay bridge slandering forty water in the bay
nope but understanding their philosophy that they are focused inward, and don't care about syria helps me understand why
if you don't care about the deaths in syria, the pain, are you really pro-life?
portrait with an old friend - thank you hong kong, hello bangkok
wonderful photograph.
when your kids ask for grilled cheese, you wake up at 5am to make bread &amp; then you use 3 gourmet cheeses &amp; bacon.
i want to be in your family.
if trump and hillary are both drowning and you could only save one... via
why rush to judgement?
he's incredibly bad at remembering my bday, but i never forget his
i'm going to remind him of a few things
so, why the initial hostility to our initial tweet if we are in agreement on chip?
and supporting hrc while she has no plan to support 27 million uninsured adults is concerning. that's my point.
in the chair. getting ready for with a bunch of glam goddesses i adore!
you looked fabulous
huh it's weird you spend your time trying to get housing built for rich people
huh. it's weird how you have no idea how we spend our time.
finally something that is clearly better (hdr, 75+, better blacks, 4k in that order) and isn't a space heater
which model?
1 of me= 20 of them !!(:
ok bitch let's not get carried away ;)
you overstayed your welcome on brian's body?
i can only assume that's what u mean by 'same'
bill discusses contaminated tattoo ink with the waitress whilst i drink cheap margaritas and giggle like an imbecile
next time try giggling like a japanese school girl, you will find it far more effective.
morning jerry. hope you are doing well dear. how is your health coming along?
wednesday, the 21st, would have been my 20-year wedding anniversary?
counterpoint: it is not. just use that time to wait in line for moonlight instead.
i saw moonlight already. and it's great. if i were a porcupine i'd sing a katy perry song about it!
and a white feminist getting a cis man to play a trans woman for cis-feels-friendly transploitation...kinda...is...the patriarchy?
so...hooray for empty, quasi-hypocritical slogans?
fcking cupcakes with design of rainbows on top!
i was thinking of getting a chocolate cake because i would feel like i'm daisy but then it just made me realize i have no ryke
what i have been told repeatedly is that the obama coalition doesn't like hillary. wanted bernie and are stubborn
a good chunk of the people who voted for bernie weren't even 18 in 2008.
o.o holy shit
(not shocked)
and those voting for a nuclear war don't even stay in india!
ohh yeah but interesting part is that it is not 80:20 as most polls result into. even clicking is dreadful .
our airport life. is loving her by verizon hat.
congrats on the p3 today!!
i had no idea svarah sun-hair was in heroes of dragon age, and it makes me geekily happy to see her there.
i hope storvacker's there too!
stunning animal photography by hannah meinhardt (germany)
beautiful photograph. have a great week philip. hugs for ms. millie
check out my song 'meat on her bones" at
mmm!!!mmm!!!!mmm! she looks good!
bill discusses contaminated tattoo ink with the waitress whilst i drink cheap margaritas and giggle like an imbecile
oh, and bonus points for drinking shirtless!
seriousl and he fucking ran too. sucker punch and run? pathetic.
i'm surprised he didn't get dragged down by other fans.
right after i updated my phone to ios 10 its been doing this and i absolutely hate it
i don't even have ios 10 so if i update it i'm stuck with a slightly less laggy android in an iphone so it's a lose lose :/
is it bad i really really want to attend a game there lmao ..
best nfl tailgating experience. you should.
no thank you!!
i hate people
we are not angry people. we are child advocates. do you support a universal benefit?
i support a universal credit of $4000 a year per child for families
him; rappin 4-tay; dru down; celly cell
shit straght flamboyant and flamboastin
watching inception??
actually nope. stranger things had a lot of braaam in the last two eps
happy sweet 16 hope you had a very special day see ya in hap;)
thanks maddie looking forward to this year
waking to the terrible news coming from new york. my thoughts are with and all my friends in the us this morning
thank you philip.
the post ends with a reference to jld's speech so
that was added after it was published:
bro i finished it the night it premiered
i binged watched it last night lmao didn't sleep until 4
it's a full moon tomorrow ? tf hell yea
there's always like a 3 day window to do the ritual when it's a full moon so tomorrow night is the last time to do it
rappers i'm tryna see perform b4 2017
you forgot mad pyaar productions live nigga.
we are not angry people. we are child advocates. do you support a universal benefit?
i do hope your group supports $15 fed wage since that is a single thing that would lift millions out of poverty
he loves putin though, well maybe he has as he's the putin stooge
putin gave him a backhand compliment and instantly became his bitch.
fbi/nypd has several muslims in custody at belt pkwy near verrazano bridge, possibly connected 2 .
ru gonna lie 2our faces again&amp;say r not result of muslim terrorists
i'm lonely too tho boi
who r u heart eyesing tho u nerd
weather packers win or loose i'll always be a die hard !!!
winning the super bowl this year
if you're and an artist - check this out
thanks for the heads up! planning to submit to
when you need someone to care, a dog is there.
heartwarming photograph
find it online!!! that's where i was watching the first two seasons!
i hate buggy ass websites lol i need to split that login bill with someone haha
all you "boycotthenfl" people don't even go to games. i've had club level season tickets to chargers games forever.
my grandparents had loge seats for years. miss them....
help us preserve the art
bless my soul for see this pic!
to a person being raped, what is the difference between what is used to penetrat
i don't believe a woman can ''rape" a man. i can't even imagine how it can occur.
i ask every l.a. nigga i'm cool with, what hood they from when i meet em. you assume niggas beef when u stand next to em. lol
thats a fact
are activities still being logged manually by humans?
yup. when you need to characterize a meeting subtype.
removing people that you love from your life because you let them down by being who you are is a really hard thing to accept and do.
but i really just don't have time to manipulate myself so that shitty people will like me.
uhm who do you think you are vetoing my stuff??
the president of the jasmine fan club. duh
you should ask her out, obviously.
all i want now is a sarah/holland and mara/kate double date please lesbian gods make this happen.
it really can't get much worse
what options are out there?
i ask every l.a. nigga i'm cool with, what hood they from when i meet em. you assume niggas beef when u stand next to em. lol
niggas dont take that "im unafilliated" answer kindly
i really need some comfort food, like some dhal, salt fish &amp; rice
i would really drink dhal from a cup rn
when does reign of fire become a tv show
this would be perfect for el rey
it's me, the guy who defines as an operator
type theory has an operator for "is subtype of" but it's not representable in swift with ascii.
ashley postell - balance beam - 2002 u.s. gymnastics championships - wom... via ...1 my faves....
this my 2nd pass of 3 tryin remember all those i cheer loudest for... &amp; manyothers
friday: trump birhter omg carry it live sunday: hillary's people spread birtherism? who cares?
funny how it's only an issue if it's a trump thing. no news if it's a hillary thing! hypocrites!
lmaoooooooo pipe down
you stop spamming your triangle button you'll be the best player in the world
rami malek is in shock and it's adorable.
but how. he's so good.
oh sorry i meant to say, we aren't little bitches
i'm offended. you're calling me a little bitch
to a person being raped, what is the difference between what is used to penetrat
legally, penetration in and of itself is not considered "rape".
not to be dramatic but i saw this pic from far and thought it was me when will this end i needa change my look
dead thought this was u
doing a staged reading of "the african company presents richard iii" at the shakespeare theatre...
what's your favorite work by shakespeare? and favorite character? break a leg tomorrow night.
in the last ten days, two millipedes have dropped down from two different ceiling vents in my apartment. you have to love the big apple
jesus christ a nightmare
so, yes, short version is, i'm mad at everyone in politics tonight. none of us are free of sin.
favorite quote about politics is "we're all in the same plague pit here, there are no clean hands"
type theory has an operator for "is subtype of" but it's not representable in swift with ascii.
(it's &lt;: but colons aren't allowed.)
awesome- ordered. much appreciated!
always happy to help!
we are not angry people. we are child advocates. do you support a universal benefit?
do you not support elimination of private health insurance and establishment of a gov system for all?
not wanting to talk to anyone for at least an hour after they wake up.
b4 our first sleepover i remember u warned me that u couldnt talk much til 8 am so i didnt get freaked out
type theory has an operator for "is subtype of" but it's not representable in swift with ascii.
it should be a ligature of "liskov"
i am finally home
thank jesus
u always expose urself, i never tag u or say ur name!!!
i knew damn well this was about kelsey bc she's messy
pro-putin party wins russian parliamentary election amid weak turnout
-putin doesn't look all too happy, the low turnout does not boost his credibility at all.
only thing tv doctors love more than a romantic plot is getting you to a real doctor.
wow miss seeing you! come back from the dead please
preach. also the other day a new pal in london said "i'll meet you by 830--sorry i was just playing golf with draco malfoy..."
oh, so sorry. i was busy being a ravenclaw and not playing sports.
lmaoo that was more awkward than i anticipated
it's funny cuz she said it and everyone thought it too
gratuitous photos coming... because we are engaged!
congrats to you both!
we have: "va 5" boys to sarghoda, pkstn, to join jihad; "lakhawana six"; "toronto 18"; "lodi 5" (ca); va paintball 9. just a few
i see. it is an argument for some of the heavy-handed sting operations which could make groups wary of expanding their circle.
how to fix a microphone shock mount with hair tire scrunchie things.
your a freakin genious paw :d cant wait for the next part of lsl ;)
i'd probably get in a fight but whatever i feel like that's part of the whole experience ..
lmao not at all. that was just an idiot acting dumb. a lot of falcons fans today and nobody bother them. just shit talking.
eating my emotions level: expert
aint got nothin on me
in ny! yup.we will wake to see new bie named for the machine.my students would have enjoyed prize 2
congratulations! you won the nintendo 2ds
do you know about slippery elm root powder?
yeah the effects on my stomach from it were bad.i have a ton of remedies at home.just need to use them.i can't even do se lozenges
i have a room for just all the shit i win and a room for the things that don't fit in that room
omfg the wheel of wow makes it rain
and a wonderful s5comes to an end. a relaxing song to end the day! back in morning!lady antebellum - need you now
great taste paul. wonderful song. have a fantastic new week
who was the best band you saw this weekend? tag them so they know we're talking about them! the germ
wmikealexander &amp;mattschmidt ,
i just remembered that winner louie anderson had his own animated cartoon, life with louie:
but did you remember that howie mandel had a kids show called bobbie's world?
speaking of viruses: folks in miami are none too happy with the spraying to stop zika-carrying mosquitoes
time for some some seriously gmo male mosquitos, if only to save the bees!
these are all so wonderful
great night!
in other news, i have a few minor setbacks on the road to getting my life in order, but i'll take care of them. need to see my meds filled.
health insurance in this country is ridiculous. and because i have , the plethora of too many choices and having to call people sucks.
to all i say vote your conscience, not how others pressure you. know issues and people you vote for.
sometimes it isn't about your conscience, it is about what will happen if a racist demagogue takes the presidency.
"ok, but what if u2 had boobs, you dumb piece of shit?" -- very chill dude outside
man outside very angry at 'ghostbusters' but not because he hates women. "i liked 'stranger things," and there was a fucking chick in that."
nasa is looking for ways to dispose of dead bodies in space - and it's getting weird
just jettison it. it's not going to come back to earth and space is pretty big, so i doubt we'll bump into it
not one gun has been used in the last 3 terror attacks in america. just thought i'd mention that.
well, duh...because people like you refuse responsible
can someone please tell me what this face is: ??? meaning like sad, annoyed, angry
it's literally frowning this one is annoyed
trump's "pocahontas" slur is the most tolerated racism of his campaign. tv interviewers just let it go without objection.
true, but there's a lot that gets by the lazy media because there's so much deplorable material to choose from.
sure!!! and elvis presley was kidnapped by aliens!!!! you're very close to the theory of bofa: living in matrix...
he was!? damn. i hope they bring em back. nigel or fidel told me it was the cia. i forget his name...
health insurance in this country is ridiculous. and because i have , the plethora of too many choices and having to call people sucks.
i need to find out a doctor that can see me and refill my prescriptions. hopefully my old doc has appointments. the new one wants me to get...
orrr have u thought im just.... better... than... you?
orrr have u thought you're just..... as..... me?
we don't support any specific candidate. we tweet out news related to children's policy issues.
i didn't see any tweets supporting single payer that sanders supported. and you can tweak medicare to make it better.
sometimes it isn't about your conscience, it is about what will happen if a racist demagogue takes the presidency.
that is bigger than me and my conscience. i care too much about what a trump potus would do to the country/world.
the last photograph of adolf hitler alive, as the red army swarms into berlin in 1945.
-this should act as a lesson to others following the same oath to oblivion today.
&lt;33 very nicely written. glad to have you here!!
&lt;3 ty!!! ily :)
uhhhh.... mike smith. and like, lovie smith. and i think that's it.
i was thinking lovie. what a shitshow
always going to get mauled by guards hes 235 pounds. the whole defense was turned around by the pa and boots
not well coached?
bilge which movie are they talking about???
i, don't think it's that hard to google.
that's what i shoot for bless u
i look forward to them when i get home from work at 12 am
i'm going to remind him of a few things
wouldn't want him to feel he's been forgotten
which kid has grown up the most on camera?
there are times we must be guardian angels
i need to find out a doctor that can see me and refill my prescriptions. hopefully my old doc has appointments. the new one wants me to get...
...a physical to check out my heart before she'll refill my ritalin but her entire practice (some doctor co-op) won't take my ppo insurance.
who wants to explain to me the new trend of wearing 80's heavy metal tee's?
there is seriously no fucking way that all of these rappers are into iron maiden
we don't support any specific candidate. we tweet out news related to children's policy issues.
good- i hope that your group supports a fed min wage of $15 and doesn't align with position of hrc which is against that.
ask yourself if us involvement in syria, iraq, libya etc has made them, us, or world safer? i think no, time for new strategy
if jr. bush hadn't invaded iraq, none of this would be happening.
police union calls for boycott of miami dolphins
disgraceful! and uninformed!
i was very hungover and thought it would help
well, lets just appriciate the pink lipstick on your cheek and your beautiful blue eyeshadow
is it a crazy conspiracy theory to wonder if these bizarro lowkey sloppy attacks of late are someone who wants to destabilize the election
it would be crazy not to wonder, frankly.
really the first human to ride a horse is the real uber founder
i wonder if successors talk shit on him?
what is it?!
it's a follow your dream decision. and it's scary and exciting. but mostly scary
...a physical to check out my heart before she'll refill my ritalin but her entire practice (some doctor co-op) won't take my ppo insurance.
i'm switching back to kaiser permanente as soon as i can. they have everything under one roof. good hmo in california.
the last photograph of adolf hitler alive, as the red army swarms into berlin in 1945.
-this should act as a lesson to others following the same path to oblivion today.
ask yourself if us involvement in syria, iraq, libya etc has made them, us, or world safer? i think no, time for new strategy
and we can't just walk away. surprised a pro-lifer like you would think so. or only pro-usa lives?
boy you ain't seen me in real life, you don't know how truly ugly i am so
lmaoo oh hush i don't need to, i'm 100% certain
man outside very angry at 'ghostbusters' but not because he hates women. "i liked 'stranger things," and there was a fucking chick in that."
"don't give me that feminist shit, dude! i was proud of winona ryder for making a comeback. i was proud."
i was going to go kevin can wait vs moonlight, but fair enough.
but moonlight is episodic - they may have ya there!
read the replies!!! are we all wrong?!?! that emoji is annoyed as well though
yes y'all are all wrong and hella burnt
bro happy birthday thank you so much for helping me with my tough times i hope u have a good one
thanks caro
what shaun do
"i wanna win this for vegas." bitch vegas don't give a fuck about you
i'm switching back to kaiser permanente as soon as i can. they have everything under one roof. good hmo in california.
i'd still have kaiser if i hadn't had to switch insurers back in 2008 when microsoft acquired danger. as a washington state company, kaiser...
morning jerry. hope you are doing well dear. how is your health coming along?
i am getting very emotional. sheley passed away on 9/27/2005, 11 years ago. i miss being in love with someone that loved me
*somehow pulls a functioning gif out of my wallet* and these are my 3 children
agh i love them all so much!!!
thank you for assuming and irritating me so i just grabbed everything and went to another register, like literally, don't be rude about it.
this happened to me in hollywood studios, she bugged tf out over a cinnamon roll
2/2 got this for second place lmao
how did they know you like kebab. racist
i don't think the nevada chair thingie did anything significant damage... the media silence... the debate qs
of course it did significant damage. it emboldened that bernie bro myth that sanders couldn't control his "terrible" supporters.
damn this hurts
5'7 not that tall but they act like they're yettis
and she wants more! under secretary clinton, u.s. settled 31,000 somali migrants
sure, bring more..after all, what difference does it make $71.5 billion total lifetime cost to taxpayers?
i had a wonderful porterhouse steak and oysters rockefeller at the finest restaurant in new jersey
that's where i assume you have all of your finest meals. and rockefeller is showing your age not for nuttin
i think we're need back at george &amp; walts we need to bring the good juju back
i agree with that statement. high life should do the trick.
positive it's not: "ok, but what if you too had boobs, you dumb piece of shit?" is it a very chill dude with boobs?
plz see next tweets.
lakeisha isn't at the weave shop. she's not answering calls or texts. where is she? tasha is freaking out.
my theory, tommy pulled an " eastern promises" move with keisha and her son. like when nickolai sent anna's uncle away.
yaaaaass! i'm over here jammin too hard right now
that's my song forever
its called genocide not reported by media. they are being murdered daily
people from syria confirmed this is like gestapo there by muslims
did u just insult the mans race? say that again for the world to see insulting latinos
he is this grace to his race and he is deplorable
i'd still have kaiser if i hadn't had to switch insurers back in 2008 when microsoft acquired danger. as a washington state company, kaiser...
...health insurance wasn't on their list of choices. most every other tech company in the bay area does offer kaiser hmo insurance, i think.
ahh, the thick of it. "this isn't eastenders... this is *politics*!"
hell yeah the thick of it! you're like one of the only other people who knows that, such a great show- forever fav
this is where just launched that ball
fuck &amp; the
could it take any longer to get out of a building? how fat are mn fans if you can't get out of a 50 foot door?
have a nice ride home thinking about that loss :)
who was the best band you saw this weekend? tag them so they know we're talking about them! the germ
i couldn't ever name just 1 they were all terrific! saw 5 bands in 3 days &amp;traveled from pottsville pa 2 nj &amp; brooklyn ny.
new music: - 'really doe' (feat. , &amp; )
grimiest posse cut i've heard since alc's "elimination chamber" (another earl feat. - but he murdered this)...they all bring it
want me to get u an uber ?
it's all good bro, that's a long ass drive. but thanks bro, i appreciate it
the framing...the draconian voter registration and old people did him in.
and the nevada myth was huge. hillary supporters were using it against sanders for weeks. you need to look that up.
i don't understand how voting how you think best, according to your conscience is "privilege" its our right and responsibilty
bc that vote is helping the other side, a side of evil, if it's not for clinton this year.
just got like an intense feeling of annoyance and like my skin is on the wrong body.... wtf? i think i need a bath....
yeah cuz the perfect thing for that is arguing with my dad over the phone
maybe. it can happen so fast n that's what's so scary
yea. i believe it. especially since my drink was chillin on the end of the table for a good amount of time.
tariq has officially crossed the line.
stealing jordan's? nigga we made it*drake voice*
clearly you're not imaginative enough to understand why or how.
just seems kind of cowardly to talk shit about someone where they can't see. at least have the decency to be an asshole.
we should see some os data before flying over the moon on $tsro tho. but should be a much better diff than $azn olaparib.
forgot about the azn stuff...lots of errors in old literature. start with wsj and barron article. why $pfe bot mdvn
no one ever told the klingon actors "dial it down a notch." also the enterprise has shitty art.
i always kinda assumed he was like a cosplayer or a homeless person passing through set and they just filmed around him
not sure if i like sarah paulson's dress or not...i think i do?
a lot of them have the deep decolletage thing with no, uhm, supporting material; i think everybody looks flat and kinda bony.
bro i didn't follow him the first 15 times.
who r u exactly?
you've got this! i believe in you. you're a super badass chick who can do anything!
thank you girl! i know i can probably handle anything in my life but i wish i had no fear for moving on.
if anyone else wants me to follow them on twitter you have to convince me who i should unfollow first.
whatever unfollow me
i think the time has come for me to make serious heartfelt statements about the shameful way irish-italian mutts are treated in film &amp; tv
preach, brother!
literally every time i type it on the computer. it's wrong.
and you can't even sound it out!
...health insurance wasn't on their list of choices. most every other tech company in the bay area does offer kaiser hmo insurance, i think.
fortunately, my general health is good other than my brain having critical dopamine &amp; norepinephrine shortages due to being wired up poorly.
they are doing great without me!
scott, another attack thawed 3 pipe bombs 2 devices found on nj transit line elizabeth station
will be baking cake this week
... and sending it to k-andrea out of love.
it's a small piece of the whole pie. trust me...she swayed 0 votes!
you have no place to say that. twitter was loaded with people talking about it and damning bernie for weeks. wake up.
you're an instrumentalist... whose side you on?
that's what i'm saying like her fatass don't be eating jollof at her church anniversary too
'lusus nature' by marharet atwood and 'st. lucy's home for girls raised by wolves' by karen russell
shit, i'm familiar with those writers but don't know those stories. sorry.
the baby is finally dub club20!!! happy birthday to my adoptive brother love you &amp; enjoy
thank you very much we all wavy and shit
leop1242ue gotchu
hahah thanks bro
look like i missed it
i promise ill be back on shortly. maybe 20 min
fash-un! who brought it tonight?!
mostly kristin belle
really? ours is constantly filled. we have to empty it all the time.
than its broken.i got one for my sister so i ask her ---night!
and the award for biggest loser at the goes to... matt damon
loved the show. sorry you didn't win. looking forward to your regular show.
he already did with a vm at his child. press silent
when was that?
you're approved ! *red stamp*
nelcia stop horning me w lil boys
fortunately, my general health is good other than my brain having critical dopamine &amp; norepinephrine shortages due to being wired up poorly.
fortunately, inexpensive generic drugs are available to help the brain to function, but for adults like myself with this condition, ...
wowwowwow i can't get over how beautiful you're!!!
thank u!!
lmfao too uninterested
yeah lil nigga just wasn't trying to take a l your face gives me life boo
tasha wasn't wrong to call tommy. she believes milan when he says he'll kill them all ghost is too hubristic and arrogant to listen
tasha still hasn't learned her role!!!
did the bernie bro myth actually sway undecided voters?
yes it did since it was spread by the media for months. where were you?
well it seems these refugees have made a turn for the worse pack them up and ship them all back they have to go
it's no wonder you call yourselves anonymous and you don't show your face
spending 4 hours of your sunday on the side of the road and then with a crazy tow truck drive is a blast. you all should try it sometime
what is it with you and crazy tow truck stories?!
happy birthday man stay lit, bless up
thanks bern!! same to you!
like..... what happened? who is that?
a closeted insecure mess on the left .. so sad
this feeling of relief comes over me from watching a little nicholas sparks .
that movie is so saddddd! watched it with
i feel absolutely dirty using that clap thing. i don't know how you swag millennials fam swole hella peeps use it constantly!
you can stop anytime xd
gnarly wave vol. 1 published and vol 2 is open now !
thank you !
i can't remember the last time my parents ever went on my computer, yet i still go incognito mode when i, uh.. yeah...
get this off of my tl
should i update to ios 10
lemme know how this comes out ... my wife has an iphone5 and she is unsure as well
this gif makes me emotional
thank you! mom's hands carry so much wisdom and love
bored bored to death death i want death
you fuckers converse with me
": fucked by ! get it here:
my homie got some titty bounce goin ;o
i didn't think anything could fill the parks hole in my life
oh my god mike from veep would probably fit in perfectly at the pawnee parks department
this sounds like someone holding their nose swallowing down some nasty food when you have your favorite right next to you.
because sometimes one has to have kale if one wants to be healthy. can't live on pizza and fries.
a closeted insecure mess on the left .. so sad
but the right gay glo up
golfed all day today...never thought i would say that, ever. had a great time
- and you looked so damn cute in that outfit.
well it seems these refugees have made a turn for the worse pack them up and ship them all back they have to go
you're just a bunch of cowards show your face
morning jerry. hope you are doing well dear. how is your health coming along?
i don't know if you like rock, but heres some from around the world.
twitter is but small part of the overall electorate.
now you;re being ridiculous. it's a huge part and one of the two greatest social media.
i dont get why emilia clarke, maisie williams, and lena headey of got are supporting actress nominees?sino pala kapag lead?
haha. actually they don't have more than 50% of screen time that's why
my theory, tommy pulled an " eastern promises" move with keisha and her son. like when nickolai sent anna's uncle away.
instead of killing him, like seymon ordered.
lmfao too uninterested
your face literally said " nigga please" bye
we wrote code for pin pads. it is legacy c &amp; c++ with limited resources. enough to get me curious to keep going lower.
sounds fascinating! thanks for sharing.
are they fucking seriously playing the ssx tricky "its tricky to rock around" song on the radio. best day of my life
it was a big commercial hit by run dmc long before it was in ssx tricky. but yeah that song owns
who was the best band you saw this weekend? tag them so they know we're talking about them! the germ
if u can, come join us mon, 9/19/16 @ 8 pm 4 , , , &amp; !
and now for the age old question of whether i drink coffee before boarding the red eye or not...
(who am i kidding? of course i do.)
lol really thankful for slonne bc she stops me from doing stuff that i shouldn't do .
too bad you can't do the same for her
i like how apple forces their customers to give up hundreds of dollars every time they update their model.
so... you buying the next ufc ppv?
shoutout to caffeine
riftin &amp; rippin in ripon
tweak medicare?? you would need to change benefits, cost sharing, coverage determinations, networks, quality standards, etc.
yes extend to all and make it more efficient. it can happen if there is will. unfortunately the dem candidate doesnt' agree
yes please!
your bf gonna get mad? insider told me he's possessive.
this my 2nd pass of 3 tryin remember all those i cheer loudest for... &amp; manyothers
did include entire teams tho...so i hope i accept that...jus hate not naming,thanking all the people who have touched my heart....
west coast: is dmitri satisfied? the starts now.
'it's great 2b a fkn' donovan.'
why did that woman involve herself rt : fight at the rams game
you mean the one that was screaming help!? lol
there's so much room for expansion. movie couldn't do the idea justice.
one of the last films i saw at loews astor plaza!(now the theater formerly known as best buy theater)
fortunately, inexpensive generic drugs are available to help the brain to function, but for adults like myself with this condition, ...
...we're often defeated by the usual annoyances of forms, choosing doctors from a list, making appointments for weeks away, showing up.
cal, about no face: he's not a bad guy
he's not a bad dude he is a friend
twitter is but small part of the overall electorate.
why do you think david brock started correct the record on twitter? to reach out to millions of voters.
suspicious device found on train tracks in elizabeth cbs new york
america is not feeling safe
trying to find a good christian man in this world is like trying to fucking find a pig who flies
one day they will fly one day
the 2016 emmys are half over, and here's where things stand
had to turn it off. i don't need to hear from celebrities about politics. i'm sick of their pompous attitudes
he was there the same as i was what the fuck ihml
i could have met fucking evan peters but instead i meet he kid from corey in the house ok
ok when then
as soon as i get my october schedule
happy birthday my boy enjoy be safe
of course, good looking
the best tool isn't always the easiest to use, it's usually the one that produces the best results.
i'm only hearing one type of instruction abstraction here (choose best tool for job) ;-)
because sometimes one has to have kale if one wants to be healthy. can't live on pizza and fries.
a trump presidency would likely hurt millions. that hurts my conscience. you may not care about helping him.
i missed you too much
same babe same
no acting awards for game of thrones???
kit should've won. ugh kainis
looking through this, mark, i was really missing your points. blood up, comprehension down. apologies.
none necessary!
that perfectly describes my late leeloo. she had more than one way of saying she wasn't having any of it.
any advice for a first time chinchilla owner?
door knocking outreach with minority communities travelling with to ny, michigan... phone banking
thanks for confirming you can't counter my argument.
not surprising that not a single latino won @ -after all, all we are to hollywood are nanny/gardener/janitor/security/greaser/slut
they look at white working stiffs the same way :) - maybe u a closet trumpie :)
new clinton radio spot in nh touts push for children's health care | nh1
. you say you dont support candidate but you advertise clinton radio spot. she doesn't support health care for all americans.
we're on the radio!!!! right now. thanks
cool tune ... is it on bandcamp or amazon music? congrats on the record deal btw, did you hear brag on you?
clinton, trump stuck on trading jabs, try to get back to policy in final weeks
trump needs to stay on message!
breaking: five men in arab garb detained in new york en route to airport...
lol speculation speculation speculation is actually
it's cool lol they're really short so i'm gonna read them tonight and type my essay tomorrow
good luck! i was supposed to finish a novel by tuesday and a few chapters from a textbook by tomorrow but i haven't yet.
. why do you despise the military so much? couldn't pass the asvab?
do you think marxist knows that he's actually anti- everything he lists as pro-,on his profile?
what was really inside the 'stranger things' kids' sandwiches? did anyone eat them?
made a maze of charcuterie .. super hero sour dough.
does salesforce einstein remind you not to use salesforce1 to log activities with required custom fields?
we use ai to help get front page stories on usa today and appear on jim cramer.
lol if you'd get that sad about $3, there's more issues than just a melted drink.
hey 3 dollars is 3 dollars
when me n text we have to catch up so we send like five texts each at a time and it's like seven different convos at a time
crazy thing is that we keep up with it and reply to each text
stefon diggs was targeted 9 times against the packers. 9 catches 182 yards 1 td 77 yards-after-catch 5.52 yprr
pretty funny how a guy could not drop a ball and almost tie a team record but still not get a 90 in your stupid ratings
i'm only hearing one type of instruction abstraction here (choose best tool for job) ;-)
more seriously is add the cost of adding additional abstractions to code base often outweighs its added efficiencies
evidently twitter has been blocking it for some users. but, i found again on youtube
the hillary campaign is a hollywood allusion but they will try to rig the machines.
media reports often tell us about growth in renewables capacity. an illustration of why this is a problem
yet another out-of-context graphic seemingly intended to mislead.
it brings better things into your life.
true. and it makes you stronger
a call to ptotect mother earth today in solidarity with
hey where is this happening?
why even fucking bother wearing it then?
if they left it on, nobody would know who the cool person inside is!
. hey, david! if so, that was a prime show! do you still have your copy of the history of comics?
jim, i think i do. and i got to study later with both eisner &amp; kurtzman, and see their originals.
we aren't arguing. i'm wondering and giving my thoughts
argument means my point. you're not addressing it in any way.
chori. isn't this a song by xtreme
that would be shawty
paul merson on kdb (2015): "i just don't see this. i don't see 50m for this player. i really do not see it at all"
i thought it was lire
looks like we got some iphones to give away...
hit us with the entry deets?
we use ai to help get front page stories on usa today and appear on jim cramer.
we use ai to figure out where buddy media and radian6 went.
award for "celebrity" most likely to block you for truth telling and frog meme poses goes to .
she's a hollywood has been
was fr just creeping on you and thinking of how much you've grown
god bless the gays
jimmy taped monday's show last night so he will be relaxing
thanks 4 info...jimmy off on monday.he deserves day off to celebrate his special day!
. why do the different vendors show different mapbox u.s. air space maps on kb4ufly?
we made it user selectable in kittyhawk
we aren't arguing. i'm wondering and giving my thoughts
and you clearly can't counter my point/argument about the damage.
big congrats to the us men's paralympic basketball team, who won for the 1st time in 28 yrs
wonderful team!
jamie foxx came up with his stage name to avoid biases after he found out that female comedians often performed first.
dude sucks
i may be 3 and a half years late but im finally take my test to get my permit on wednesday lmao
you got this boo!!!
2 possibilities: afraid of not getting him back and rumors trump has lots of dirt on media types.
litigation is another key aspect, considering thiels vendetta against gawker
hey watch your mouth and dont take got in vain
sorry i have to
i've known this guy since he was a wee boy, very proud of , a future star of our sport i think.
means a lot, thank you for the advice!!
tweak medicare?? you would need to change benefits, cost sharing, coverage determinations, networks, quality standards, etc.
. we need free, universal health care for all americans of all ages. and we need candidates who support that.
ouch, a wee bit sf-sick all of a sudden.
these conditions make me australia sick. sopac in shorts, t-shirt and thongs.
quite a shift (in rhetoric &amp; deliverables) by larry &amp; the company since '09. but still..."over"?
a mass hallucination to be sure....
this made me laugh out loud
when you graduated from journalism school, did you ever think you'd get your own rap tribute someday?
i heard one off yt lol it was clear as fuck. he came at that niggas head
i liked game flow on it tho
blahhh whatever lol
you know what, square up lmao
we aren't arguing. i'm wondering and giving my thoughts
the fact you are defending people who helped spread lies about sanders and his supporters is pretty sad.
what subject
why are we friends
i'm really trying to make davis work but jesus christ the cringe is real lol school song everyone xd xd
omg what is this
nah i just didnt want to talk to u
wow ur so funny plz come home &amp; tell me more jokes
"the truth shall set you free" that's what it is and what we do with it, here
doesn't care what the truth is. how totalitarian of you.
we all have a responsibility to vote how we think is best. the "resistance is futile" give up &amp; vote my way is fear mongering
not when the fear is very real. like i said, you as a white straight male have that privilege. trump as potus won't effect you
watch: sheriffs from across the u.s. pressure the obama admin. and congress to start enforcing our immigration laws.
it's about darn time!
i asked a question
and i answered correctly yes.
if only we had technology to do that for us. if only!
well, explicitly semantically characterizing state has its place. not everything can be implicit. but should degrade gracefully.
welcome back to the show, !!! love to see kantos back in the mix. he does know things and ghost sees the threat.
before he was fired, kantos tried 2 warn ghost about something. was it about those douche bros that played him
the nighttime world of someone with chronic illness and insomnia via
great topic laura arnone.
calling fellow psychologists: amidst the non-replication talk, i'm looking for the top 10 bombproof psych findings. nominations &amp; please rt
stropp effect, priming effect, clasical conditioning, posner task! not so much!
honestly, you don't "know" this. i haven't seen better in two years.
i can empathize.
where will you post?
will link to blog here on twitter.
one thing i've learned about being a single man with and in america is this country only cares that you succeed in a job.
in america, your identity is subsumed into that of your employer, especially if it's a big important company like google.
am in love w you don't want you to leave *ps sorry for the 3rd pic i love you
am literally in love with you you already know you're more than welcome to come stay w me for a weekend
raspberry pi zero for $0.99. a computer with a 1ghz cpu and 512mb of ram is a dollar.
: where is this, can you buy me four and bring them back?
it's my birthday
happy bday love .
all those neo-nazis you see getting gleeful that clinton said pepe? you're not gonna vote them away, effort is required.
right? yet every anti-trump action always has to come garnished with a leftist dollop of "i can't support this action"
- no. i didn't want to come in with any prejudged opinions.
you just have a pure heart and mending fences come naturally to you. thank goodness for people like you!!!
new wheelchair lets you cruise through town standing
fantastic new products!
we use ai to figure out where buddy media and radian6 went.
we use ai to figure out which flailing startups to acquihire.
mn mall stabber's family in us for 15 years. his father confirmed his identity "speaking...through an interpreter"
wow, been here 15 years n still needs an interpreter!
not when the fear is very real. like i said, you as a white straight male have that privilege. trump as potus won't effect you
much. but it will affect people i care about--muslims, gay/lesbian people, women, the environment. i can't allow for that.
litigation is another key aspect, considering thiels vendetta against gawker
trump is notoriously litigious... he's a sewer.
in america, your identity is subsumed into that of your employer, especially if it's a big important company like google.
that's why big "important" companies like google lose the ability to innovate, and lose creative employees. it feels like a big hive mind.
that's what everyone keeps saying. lol.
i'd say you were hacked and then i would block you.
i'm not. i'm wondering how big of a pie it was.
that's a pointless questions since it can't be specifically measured, but it did huge damage and the hillary camp ran with it.
where they @ where they @ rat tat tat tat tat via instagram:
is this new joint with young chris?
see above. ready for this vacation hahaha!!!
omfg how why no ughhh
there's only so much you can do
u can cry as much as u want tho theres no limit to that
it's cancer
so sorry to hear that sweety &lt;3 i can relate lost my dad to cancer :"( keep your chin up &lt;3
at the amc emmys after party and fred armisen is walking around with frankenstein monster bolts sticking out of his neck because of course.
did he just come from halloween horror nights at universal?
falling asleep to the sound of someone pacing in timberlands&gt;
when your pet rats cuddle w you &gt;
i can't believe they won either. i honestly didn't vote because i was sure teresa would win.
i was really surprised by that.
could have been a storefront as easily! depends on when the occurs! however, not "driver error!"
agree 100% or could have been pool, river, ocean, day cares ..doesn't make it driver's error,
i'm stuck in metro park. any updates from any of my fellow stranded? if i don't get to grand central by 1:50 i'll be sleeping there.
i was on stranded in new brunswick. took uber w 4 ppl. decision. no traffic. almost home!
that's why big "important" companies like google lose the ability to innovate, and lose creative employees. it feels like a big hive mind.
imagine working at a company of tens of thousands of people trying to divine what mark zuckerberg, or larry page, or sergey brin, wants.
that short sighted strategy, unwillingness to play the long game is what has given us these terrible choices to begin with.
again, i ask, where are libertarians and greens in local and state government, building consensus and a name for themselves?
why is repeating conversation to kathie, really? then crying,
- because i felt bad at that exact moment for both families! you can lead a horse to water but you can't make him drink it!
how do you know the bernie bro myth swayed swing voters? (asking politelyl
how do you know trump is truly a racist?
and i thought maja-gerald.. kinabahan ako dun kim jones is gorg. echo is damn lucky man
i'm not a maja or a gerald fan... no offense to their fans. yes, kim is gorgeous and echo has a thing for eyes
update: he's being belligerent. she's calling the cops. store is trying to kick him out. he's getting even crazier. i'm getting the f out.
you should have handed him a snickers and said 'here, you act like a huge asshole when you're hungry.'
greg be all up in that purse.
and all up in angela.
exactly what i'm worried about.
its really good!
will you stay just a lil while babe
dude i cannot wait for this concert
thanks for the !
no worries mate, let's do it again!
i should start assigning dates to my shows. im trying to watch kamen rider den-o, kamen rider w, engine sentai, and journey to the west all
at once. i obv have a death wish or no life
many more important stories to cover tonight ..but judging by the sunday shows.. this write-thru seems of interest:
birthed issue is started by clinton! ha!!
what style play should i pick for a sg?
i heard shot creator is valid
dinner time! 5 year anniversary
ayye, congrats compa!
again, i ask, where are libertarians and greens in local and state government, building consensus and a name for themselves?
it is third parties who are short sighted. they pop up to play spoiler and make ppl think they are being pure in voting them.
mala &amp; mita got me hoooked to puttin butter on chocolate cake . shiiii dat mf good asf
i gotta try that
i lost a bet on the mn mall stabbing. turns out, he was actually an immigrant. not only that -- from somalia!!!
there's a big surprise! ha
hold up let me tell ya a story cause this has a lesson to it lmfao it's really funny i promise.
last guy i dated told me he loved me after a whole year of having me on a damn rollercoaster.
imagine working at a company of tens of thousands of people trying to divine what mark zuckerberg, or larry page, or sergey brin, wants.
they become less themselves from the self-censorship &amp; subconscious molding of their personalities to be like the "ideal googler."
yeah it's quite doubtful. if he was a police officer, i doubt he was nothing more than parking enforcement.
jason, stop that right now. you can either be an asshole or you can talk to me.
get off my man ho
he wants me binch!
earlier today around 230pm at wilshire and fairfax
was this a one day event or will you continue your efforts?
you just have a pure heart and mending fences come naturally to you. thank goodness for people like you!!!
- sad - you have to have both parties willing to fight to put it back together!
it was that greg had been by the club sniffing around.
oh yeah, forgot about that.
tramps is in less than 2 weeks i actually cannot wait
hi we gonna meetup and take pics ok bc my outfit gonna be cute asf
a lot in just a day
i'm ready gf
doesn't matter... his policies he advocates has a disparate impact on certain races.
how do you know he won't change those policies and become more progressive than sanders?
could have been a storefront as easily! depends on when the occurs! however, not "driver error!"
all cars today have due to , , , ...
last guy i dated told me he loved me after a whole year of having me on a damn rollercoaster.
so this night goes away to the poconos but beforehand he invites me but since it was last min i'm like nah you go.
this is insufferable. ceo of lyft wants to reshape cities based on a class he took in college and a confused history
considering fully autonomous cars don't even exist yet, the pace of fleet replacement they're projecting seems... unlikely
this lil 1 will not stop laying on me but she cheers me up lol even though she snores
- so cute!!!
doesn't matter... his policies he advocates has a disparate impact on certain races.
you don't. so, using your logic, there's no reason not to vote for him.
fuck i wish i could afford to just hire movers :/
how far are you moving?
amazing stat: ad spending (via ) just *today* by each candidate. have never seen anything like it. clinton: $1,031,434 trump: $3,108
wait, are u bragging about this? this free meme will be seen by more ppl than any of those ads! lmao
this is one angle. my issue is less about stance than it is about context and accountability
you're exactly right. it's disingenuous for wapo ed board not to acknowledge the paper's own role.
what does that mean
sorry new york slang. you're gorgeous idk what you're talking about
on their roles/characters/image, paul: "i'm just the shit show... maybe michelle's the shit show"
both true, lmao
kennyyy can you tell him to call me now
his phones dead
when your kids call you son&gt;
when the shawty w the fat ass walking past you actually acknowledges you &gt;
it could totally happen, though. you used to hate them, too!
you're not me tho...my reasons for hating them were pretty irrational tbh
read the context nasty gyal lol
does cum go down ya throat ? isn't it warm ? :)
so this night goes away to the poconos but beforehand he invites me but since it was last min i'm like nah you go.
when he gets there he's texting me like "we bouta get lit but don't worry i love you" ... now.
i am dangerously addicted to as you can see. i can't get enough of the chocolate stuff
a perfect pose - more, more, more
happy birthday christina!! hope you had an awesome day!
thank you nathen!!!!!!
- sad - you have to have both parties willing to fight to put it back together!
indeed, you tried and that is a good thing. nobody can knock down a peace maker.
who would trust you with their relationship. you're awful!!!
- ok there!!!
when he gets there he's texting me like "we bouta get lit but don't worry i love you" ... now.
tell me how he come back not wanting me and gets a new girl two days later
i can't know. i can only go on what he says now and take his word.
yes. and i can' only go on the many twiiter people who said nevada was the last straw and sanders can't control his supporters.
thinking about investing in one of those waterpiks/water flossing kits. are they good?
they make my mouth feel clean. get the one that takes batteries.
that was kind of a jerk move by richie. this isn't a contest of who's relationship is better.
he is an ass-wipe.
just a few pics from yesterday
yes girl work omg
police won't say: mn mall attacker revealed as dahir adan, says his father
he was a terrorist!
donald trump wins the election. here's what happens next.
ignore journalistic foolishness &amp; trump garbage - dem grass roots need to keep trucking for hrc and strong dem candidates!
i can't know. i can only go on what he says now and take his word.
and i saw lots. and pundits condemned sanders to even more supporters.
my apologies to the staff because i dropped my half eaten apple and it rolled several rows away.
great. tomorrow, ants, ants everywhere.
tell me how he come back not wanting me and gets a new girl two days later
moral of the story : he don't love you.
i almost cut all of my hair off today lol
at least you were able to stop yourself.......
i seriously hope you pay your night shift rest stop workers well, bc i just watched one get treated terribly by two customers-
-bc he was alone and not helping them fast enough. they broke a mixing cup and threw things at him that they grabbed from -
that documentary on his life in film is one one to see more than once.
what is it called?
tearing out the rails or leaving them in?
i believe they are removing the rails. there's a section that's been paved, but i didn't get to see it.
what would you like me to explain to you?
how a dragonair evolves into a dragonite
tell him to find a way
we're in some park he says
it is simple. drop them off in gitmo and allow the cia interrogators do what they do.
what race and religion do you assume these terrorists are? should we also put white christians in gitmo?
disparate impact.
you don't know it's a disparate impact, so using your logic you can't say it is.
yes like rape
i thought this so true
10km, but it's the packing/unpacking and loading/unloading that's stressful... plus cleaning the old place, etc
yeah, i hear that... not looking forward to doing that
beautiful (if very middle-class) piece on gender-non-binary. how would a child fare in different social environment?
would be healthier if he would be encouraged to know that it is perfectly healthy for boys to have a wide range of interests.
that is dangerous! you only have two choices to toggle part 101 or part 107
what do you mean? we have a ton of toggles
nah; no litigation worries re fact-checking qs. eg trump won't sue for being tough re his support for iraq war
never say never with ...
saturday's attacks show that failed obama/hillary clinton polices won't keep us safe! i will make america safe again!
you can't even keep us safe from you! you moron!
i seriously hope you pay your night shift rest stop workers well, bc i just watched one get treated terribly by two customers-
-behind the counter. based on how calmly and politely he handled them, i'm certain this isn't the first time. so much-
staggering. living six subway stops apart in nyc associated with nine year difference in life expectancy, says.
149th st &amp; 86th are 3 stops &amp; worlds apart. is even more drastic
i'm sure it has been more helpful then harmful by a lot...give it some time b4 making that decision
your work is hugely important! not every action has a completely positive reaction. without the watch i'd be lost.
what were your reasons?
well it was basically because jj came back as lucky and at the time, i want my ll2 back so bad... it kinda clouded things..
i posted it to see how many ppl would like it ...many have lol... without even knowing if it's a fact. sad
not a lot of likes. but i do like the dogs face. very cute
yes! so many vehicles take off without any driver input! braking often initiates!
check out bookout vs toyota where expert michael barr testified in this landmark case and brought down
do you think sugar daddies claim their babies as dependents on their taxes???
thank god for this pinned tweet cause it kills me every time
when you finally say "squirrel" like the rest of america&gt;
wait i don't get this one lmao
being born in 1996, i didn't know anything but the braves winning the east. imagine the shock i felt in 2006.
really depressed when they were eliminated that year. got worse the next few years. '09 was a hard pill to swallow.
i can't know. i can only go on what he says now and take his word.
and since you don't know trump will keep his word, u still should vote for him, since u say one has to completely know something
ive never gotten this far idk what to do now
i think we're married now
i care about people. good dogs for clinton.
so precious!
random thought: procedurally generated user interfaces are a thing we assume won't work, but probably will one day.
haha, workin on it.
this is actually heaven
i went a little nuts but it is so much cheaper in cali
everyone's got their opinions, but good thing they don't matter to me.
im so dead i cant even breath right now
what would you like me to explain to you?
how this evolves into this
what were your reasons?
and the other reason was because i felt like instead of going with the story, they went wishy washy with elizabeth
re : a plodding crime/thriller w/ characters dressed in clothes is not . when will production $-types learn?
re : a plodding crime/thriller w/ characters in costumes &amp; uttering fake-science-word-salad dialogue is not .
and she wants more! under secretary clinton, u.s. settled 31,000 somali migrants
disgraceful and she wants more to settle here! free on taxpayers dime!
maybe in time and if it can be just tre, rosie, kathy, no cameras. post a family photo mended and move on!
it will never be quite right unless you do it in your time. you will know when that is. siggy loves you though.
second season will be dope smh
it's confirmed??
niggas deadass ain't shit
read my last tweets so you know how true it is
goodnight &amp; god bless u all
have a great week u all (:
i seriously hope you pay your night shift rest stop workers well, bc i just watched one get treated terribly by two customers-
-respect to him. my fianc and i gave him the little cash we had to try and make up for it, but he deserved more.
tonight 8pm et wendy wood from australia calls in. chat live!
thank you !! great show !!
was being a little messy going back and forth from teresa to kathys house spilling tea and crying!
- just trying to help &amp; realized real fast that it was too much for me. too many pieces of this puzzle
yeah. wow. i legitimately can't think of a better one.
once i pop this baby out, her body is my goal. love her.
my dad is from queens and he can't say squirrel as one syllable cuz of his accent
lmfaooo i never heard that before
trump is halfway to solving the problem before democrats have even decided what to call it.
you the best tweeter in the game bill!
i kinda want to start watching mr. robot but rami maleks face makes me want to punch him so i probably won't.
i would recommend the show. he has a weird face, but that actually works really well in the context of his character.
lol! you should rent that to a local high school kid, he'd make a killing fixing wifi in sf offices.
some hotels in china had these neat wall plates for light switches, power, usb + access point every room. los for every device
nah; no litigation worries re fact-checking qs. eg trump won't sue for being tough re his support for iraq war
but i mean in regards to proper journalism &amp; investigating his duplicitous history.
there is a difference between a lie and an investigation.
trump didn't investigate jack &amp; when confronted w/proof still insisted obama not american! racist as hell!
you don't have to run! come enjoy the show!
i have world of dance :\
i hope i don't. since it happens every month.
you have bad headaches every month? maybe you do need to see the doc..
if they perform acts of terrorism. yes. it's not a race or religion thing. this is about our country.
fair enough. what about somebody who kills a crime witness (standard east baltimore shooting, let's say)? terrorist?
pt. 1 hbd to my little philly cheesesteak ny wouldn't be the same without ya :')
i hate you a lot
you're bringing back some painful memories of running a startup...located next to a 20+ story hotel which was flooding our network
ignore my last message about hotels flooding then. *ducks*
"the world is a very dangerous place without rational thinking" bruce alberts on the importance of science education
who is to blame for the poor education of future teachers? bio. depts.
please live by this advice.
well i just bought 5 pounds so i can probably do this
pt. 1 hbd to my little philly cheesesteak ny wouldn't be the same without ya :')
but thanks anyway
so blessed to be on a full ride to thomas university in georgia go night hawks
congrats makana ! we are all so proud of you and happy you have this opportunity ! best wishes and good luck at thomas univ.
you grow up
this actually wasn't about you.. lol i would know
so college is awesome
i can't wait to have a sleep over with you and jerry :)
i'm tired of lying, this is my real ass
can't relate
say you had a day to kill in vancouver this week, what's on your must see, eat, do list?
whatever the mayor of vancouver,, tells me.
only donald trump can do it. he alone. who talks like this? [rhetorical]
bracing for debate night. he will talk like this and then some.
that's what they all said after being up 3-0 in 2004. we won the title in 1923 lol
what happened in 2003 or pedro still mad at a.boone
t minus 4 hours till take off for vaca
can't believe your coming all the way to cali to see me
same :( the dude from subway came over and saw what happened so he at least has a witness
i wish there was some way i could tell someone to make sure he doesn't because that's such bullshit.
i had a remarkable conversation with a 10 year old about his feeling both male and female.
why can't a boy enjoy a wide range of interests without having his gender questioned? doesn't that seem sexist to you?
you've used the word all wrong
hahahahaha. right over your head.
missing my glasses a little extra today..oh &amp; this harambae too
i miss you way too much
the reception to the premiere of new baman piderman footage was super warm; we're so grateful! thank you for flying us out!!
thanks for sharing it!
beautiful and clear night over sf tonight!
yes! and warm! and i were just there! btw, nice pic!!!
indeed, you tried and that is a good thing. nobody can knock down a peace maker.
- they will and that's ok. if they want to blame me i'm fine with it. too many pieces to this puzzle for me!
one last call for dodgers questions for tomorrow's mailbag. please help.
here's one: inexperienced, overtaxed bullpen - advantage or not in playoffs? put through the ringer this year.
bruh it's almost oct i promise you im might just move to the city for the month
that would be live tho i be out tho pg finest moving out here soon
there's something odd about state senator breaking this &amp; press clamoring thread for info. official channels?
breaking it by instagramming a photoshopped stock photo, no less
no you won't pussy
lets mud wrestle no homo
i get in trouble a lot for making fun of him for that
my dad says "squirr" bc of his spanish accent
indeed. blessed to have him nearby. however, this probably is not the reality i wanted to live in.
unfortunatately, that reality we are having to deal with these day's
so there's this guy who i went to irvington with and he has the same name as me, so this nigga changes one letter on @ names and copy's me
long story short he tried cat fishing a girl acting like he was me
"if it comes down to my family or him, it's him, i'm sorry. and i don't feel bad about that."
love it! 2nd amendment!
that's what they all said after being up 3-0 in 2004. we won the title in 1923 lol
you didn't read the last year huh lol
i am being 100 percent serious. if they lie and it's "good tv", i am confident they'd be invited back.
media is complicit when they invite proven liars &amp; douchbags on show like
indeed. blessed to have him nearby. however, this probably is not the reality i wanted to live in.
unfortunatately, that reality we are having to deal with these day's /: &lt;3
i get that. it's why i hate them. i hated how fickle they made liz.
but after the fact, i watch the scenes and go.. sure my reason for hating might be vaild but that chem is there...
me: you and dad have to watch [movie] mom: is it on netflix? me: yeah! mom: cool, what time is it on?
your mom is a blessing
have had this idea myself so cool to see it in the wild h/t
us equivalent 'how far did pol move to get to current district?'?
tasha sex faces are horrible
she's so annoying for that
i buy 20 lbs at once or none at all, but that's my old-chinese-auntie training
i was at a grocery store like 2 miles away okay
extra bacon
thats not what i asked!!!
what about me?
miss you all the time. you know this.
one of the best parts about my dog is the joy she brings to lil kids when they see her
and to milky mal
so, picross 3d 2 is eshop only outside of japan? and it's $30? seems a bit steep, no?
wasn't the first one like $20 dollars or something?
all the award shows bashing the oscars like it's not the same people
that's what i was thinking! it's the same celebs at these awards shows. the is basically an all white event too.
haven't gaf about john mayer in years. why ruin a good streak.
pock one: why, i never!" or "who?"
so much at stake! = level head to trust w/nuclear decisions. poor temperament can start a war w/no winners.
is the most qualified human to handle this country and its security. with great enthusiasm
my language model swears: "i eat my soup with chopsticks just like the f***** impaled people on the cross &lt;/s&gt;"
such a great time to be alive
that may be true if you're getting cheesesteaks anywhere but philly.
hard to beat a great taco
who was the shortstop in 1923?
where's bill buckner at
definitely at least 149 (dragon air evolves to something that doesn't have a number
oh those (the 'legendaries') are not available yet; 145 is the most you can get at this time.
goodnight &amp; god bless u all (:
have a great week u all (:
hitting the mega or powerball
oh fck up &amp; redo my floors already
i get that. it's why i hate them. i hated how fickle they made liz.
so if i feel the chem is there and its sizzling, i know a good story could be written but it wasn't
park by isaiah rashad
mighty morphin foreskin by captain murphy
i didn't know you were a ravenclaw but see now i am even more certain of our friendship for so am i
wait wait wait how did you miss this?!?
i had a remarkable conversation with a 10 year old about his feeling both male and female.
do you think that girls just literally like barbies and bras and boys like science and trucks? that seems old-fashioned
fbi detains 5 people in connection with chelsea explosion: police sources
. fantastic reporting the past 48 hrs my friend
gotta slow down. gotta slow down...
now i wanna get a coffee dammit!
when you coming back, imy
tomorrow in the afternoon my hotel next to the raider stadium should i break in ?
njt bus and path are cross honoring nec and njcl rail tickets/passes.
what about people bound for nyc stuck in trenton? buses?
she's also claims she's glad he had the affair b/c it made their marriage better. yeah, right.
i can't believe she is on again tomorrow. i want 2 come back without somebody w/ agenda next to her
this is exactly how i feel when companies want to lowball me.
girl yes. you know your worth. they can pay your price or you don't need it.
and hillary is not?
no, she is not. she has actually helped people, i.e., children &amp; 9-11 responders get healthcare.
bless them brother dave.
thank you...
one problem with iphone 7 water seal: the speakers vibrate the screen like crazy since they don't have any venting.
i was wondering what that was! i thought maybe it was something to do with the taptic engine.
i ended up going to riot fest despite feeling awful today and only took photos of which was v cool
these are incredible
i thought it was just a super fat &amp; log worm. nope. it was a crimson worm that holds the master's essence.
that can of raid is always in another room when u got a worm in a corner
jc surprised a fan for her birthday im sobbing
you are a gem you surprised two fans for their birthday i love you
jon stewart with special appearance in geico commercial
thanks. i couldn't place the face. but then. b
he was also gorgeous and now both our windows are shut tight to this has been a loss
i'm so sorry. sending love and light during this difficult time.
ev marching band is not about this life lo siento pals barnhill would not approve
this is why i hate ev
got it at beauty con la don't know the name
what does the tag say
how dare they speak up for themselves or vote their conscience. they should line up, conform in beliefs as the majority does
they should do more than be spoilers, showing up only for the glamorous elections, yes.
my grandma says "espatula" so i used to think that's what it's actually called
for "vicks vapor rub" most dominicans call it "vee vahpo ru"
i was wondering what that was! i thought maybe it was something to do with the taptic engine.
i feel like i have a 1980s boombox in my phone.
thank u so much tollywood critic whole heartedly welcome ur review thank u for ur support
good story but screenplay worst please choose good script
stanford ass lsu better stay woke
you just speaking fax
this is exactly how i feel when companies want to lowball me.
even if they want a small reasonable negotiation. at least they're respecting your career and time.
wondering what those "rendezvous" were all about? check out the latest rarities!
cool stuff to know thanks bud
my best friend comes home from deployment today
that was me fyi
we tweet articles &amp; political news on candidates. political candidates rarely discuss or mention kids, so we do when they do.
. bernie sanders supported fed $15 wage would lift millions of fams out of poverty. did you tweet about that?
get home safe after you land! let me know when you do!! /worries and frets
thank you~ i am sure itll be ok ;3;
what do you call it
went through this last year lol
unfollows both accounts
its fucking on
sir what's up with the book tho?! lol
the book club?
i had a remarkable conversation with a 10 year old about his feeling both male and female.
3 and sad. we have female astronauts and male fashion designers. can't we encourage boys and girls to love their bodies
wait wait wait how did you miss this?!?
i might be borderline ravenclaw/slytherin, but if the sorting hat takes your wishes into account, i am ravenclaw all the way.
the two i have to deal with.
i'm gonna steal them both.
they should do more than be spoilers, showing up only for the glamorous elections, yes.
but running for local offices takes time and effort, something many 3rd party folks aren't down for.
lol it was dope af tho right
yup now i'm waiting for season 2 lol
to what might have been
wait is he on the other side of this
aww. we're one big family, kathniel famdom. i was planning to go to la but informed me about norcal bs. see ya!
i saw that post but i thought i could just watch here in uc a few minutes from us so i can watch whole day until lfs
it was just awful all around for me. lmao.
and i understand.that's why you'll never be fan because you wont watch clips and see what i saw.. i'm not even a nik fan lol
this is why i hate presidential elections on social media. shaming people into voting how we want them to is the tactic.
how am i shaming? i pointed out the real risks to people i love if trump wins. your vote will help trump only.
i had a remarkable conversation with a 10 year old about his feeling both male and female.
4 and to love their minds? doesn't that seem more like self-acceptance? to embrace the whole package of the self?
2003 was the year b4 the great collapse? what did boone do after that? play bball
don't matter he beat pedro &amp; won a chip lol, what happened to pedro after that lol
i read that out loud and now i can't breathe
lmfaoooo when i say that around other people i get made fun of
it's really cool that u are really u! not a made up 4 tv personality!
- i would never want to be anything but my authentic self.
fair enough. what about somebody who kills a crime witness (standard east baltimore shooting, let's say)? terrorist?
the distinction i'm trying to understand is this: do we call it terrorism to point to finger at muslims?
i got my pillow case full of soap bar boi i'm ready
hit you with a fuckin bag of bricks
is that... music from donkey kong country?..
that's all i play at my parties lol
gets more girlfriends from here than i do with boyfriends and he's deployed 98% of the time wtf this isn't fair.
life is good time to time@
when justin is the ultimate hookup and you meet ana
ahh great meeting you, love! and i'm the biggest fan of justin ramos xx
it's called he had a belief and after researching has found the truth. it's called the learning process.
nonsense. that "learning process" would not take five years. come on!
it's so nice having something to work on in my free time. programming is good
side projects are good
i use a sonicare though, is it a little redundant?
is it a waterpick? i use a vibrating toothbrush and pick. the pick flushes out between teeth and the brush removes plaque.
goodnight &amp; god bless (:
have a great week u all (:
vote how you want. all should too. our futures definitely depend on it
not all have that luxury. best to be a realist and eat that kale for the health of the country. like i said---you're a white
i'm not a religious man, but i pray you're correct.
i'm not religious either. i believe in science and empirical fact, so... here we go, patrick! :)
fantastic product and media coverage.any advice is appreciated
thank you! do you have a running crowdfunding campaign?
cause chris is better
you just like him because he picks you up from school
not all have that luxury. best to be a realist and eat that kale for the health of the country. like i said---you're a white
straight male. under trump, you'd be dandy. what about my friends who aren't white, straight or male?
re : a plodding crime/thriller w/ characters in costumes &amp; uttering fake-science-word-salad dialogue is not .
&lt;~&gt;...except for those w/ no literacy...like couch potatoes and actors (aka "let's pretend" majors in college.).
mfw my receivers don't show up for the week
i'm glad we have many of the same pics
it was huge and not cute at all.
it was fine to me lol
well rest assured i'm thankful and your words are highly appreciated
of course you're too cute when you get all formal with your typing
the distinction i'm trying to understand is this: do we call it terrorism to point to finger at muslims?
if not, why not just call it a crime? i don't understand the purpose of labeling crimes "terrorism" if not to categorize.
wonderful day at the beach
beautiful worship fuel
what happened to the bio-weapon that eph was working on last season that could kill strigoi?
that bio weapon was in fact vodka with cherry cola he was making as a cock tail for his wife after a roll in bed
[free] "selfless" partynextdoor x bryson tiller x trapsoul type beat 2016 [prod. by chris og]: via
super tough bro i'm almost done with the song i'm doing to your diamond beat
i'm torn between that and a grouplove show the next day ._.
lol let me know when you decide.
had to revoke this link, my dropbox account kept getting suspended due to crazy traffic.
wait, we do that? that behavior seems odd.
remember cops need love too lol
if all cops look like you, there would be no crime! just lots of love ;-)
i.e. companies who only care about numbers regardless if they're skewed or not
bloggers and companies who don't care about quality control shouldn't be responsible to create content for a community.
not bad - not bad at all
the win for rami malek absolutely huge too
i'm so horny for you, horny for me? i love being a filthy girl! find out how naughty here:
ummm what are you doing?
how do you like your eggs, further?
seriously no one is for over hard???
sushi,comfy clothes, and the emmys.
spicy crab? yum!
tuesday my 77 in buccaneer red, unfortunately sold it a few years back.
sweet ride. how much did you sell it for if you do not mind me asking?
you're going further &amp; further back. what happened this weekend?
aww you happy the redsox beat a bunch of rookies lol. does bobby v. still mng y'all
mortal kombat x sub-zero.
i'm just sayin' this is an awesome shot of you look at it as two parts of the same picture!
i remember being really optimistic going into 2010. that season quickly erased 2006-2009 from my memory.
2010 was so magical. i missed a big chunk of 2013 because i was in basic/a-school but got home before they clinched the east
it isn't exactly true after she made herself worse.
trump is a dime store white supremacist. hillary is grandma nixon
. samesies with me and ravenclaw/gryffindor. behold:
too much rule-breaking and loudness with gryffindors. they stress me out.
that guy is never taking his son to a game ever again.
people don't know how to act
i.e. companies who only care about numbers regardless if they're skewed or not
it's disrespectful to their readers and shows that they don't care about anything but the money.
glad i didn't ask to go to drake bc and i can just watch her snap
i recorded so many videos just in case i would never see him again
lmfaoooo bruh i'm dead
watch when we're in the super bowl this year
this bitch is off her leash she keeps trying to fight me when she bumps me and she keeps stepping on my shoes i'm going to end her life
can't tell if she's 40 or if she's just done loads of drugs
lyft says robots will drive most of its cars in five years via
any pathways to prepare workforce for this?
6:30 this morning i made this lmao '' by notoriousjd3 on ?
share dis bitch
bernie didn't like obama so why would obama people care about bernie
what bona fides did bernie ever have in this election other than white male savior ones?
there are very few. i hope to see their parties and more grow as alternatives, making coalitions, caucuses, diplomacy necessary
that would be nice, but seems most, greens especially, shy from the work involved.
i love those!
it's so cool.
that was the night prince died. a+ good performance. good guy.
brando...i aint got enough gas
that ain't even part of the movie you ruined it, you're basically nothing to this world gbye
i'm a disgrace, we know
the media, especially, "fox news" can send us to hell in minutes. how dumb are these people?
they are the r word every single one of them
don't see "settings", but if i push h, i see this. :/ also uninstalled and reinstalled.
good grief! sorry for the runaround. "login" and you'll see "settings" in that menu (we save your settings).
i think john travolta is wearing a john travolta mask
first thing i thought...some body got a face lift....
goodnight &amp; god bless u all
have a great week u all (:
that would be nice, but seems most, greens especially, shy from the work involved.
i'll consider 3rd party when they grow up and prove they deserve to be taken seriously.
'not even a real pastor:' montel williams spars with trump supporter in epic twitter fight via
can't call mark burn a pastor but a antichrist worship of trump this guy has a lost soul feel sorry for him
i wanna go on a really cute date. i wanna feel loved, i wanna feel like im wanted. i want a little romance, am i asking for too much?
no, you're hardly asking enough
he was my first pick in 2 leagues
but it's okay cause my other picks are going off
oooooooh i have an idea! you should dress in latex, triple your prices and start charging men more!!!
i absolutely love that! you are just full of marvelous ideas!!!
you're seeing beyonce??
already saw her! yesterday
omg i'm about to choose my artifact weapon as a priest. do i need to redo this later if i decide to spec disc instead of shadow?!
you get to pick another at 102 i think, and another at 105?
the people who wanted bernie include a lot of activated independents, would not have voted without him.
bullshit. show me proof, please!
it's not midnight yet, so this doesn't count as a "late edition," right? no matter the hour, read :
the stakes are too high for pleasantries and benefit of the doubt. propaganda is killing politics. facts.
details.. details.. fixed it.. thanks !
haha nice catch ! and thanks for the quick update !
also i said recent!
i betcha that new one () is gonna have all that classic arthouse jizz-whizz on it.
crying cuz the weekend is finally over
me crying of happiness :-) cuz caught too many l's
i'll consider 3rd party when they grow up and prove they deserve to be taken seriously.
as of now, 3rd parties, yes, including l's, are a joke, really.
i should have many emmys for the apprentice if the process were fair-in any event, it's not my day job. ,
who cares? no one cares donald trump don't you get it?
so will i see you this week...i am at the mothership
awesome! yes it's my first trip to the mothership!
fr ppl be odeing it's just plastic
deadass that shit better than half the shit people eat on this app
letting my fans know that's all thanks ore meji
myyyyy prophetesssssss
cc sebathia is a rookie? on what planet?
cc on his way out... next.
kayla honey yesssssss we are gonna have a great thursday
yes im so excited
ok then you are talking 300k cars and a capital outlay of something like 10b just for one city that's 1.25% of population
tesla's model of "buy your car and then let it go out and make money for you" seems like a possible solution to financing fleet.
what is the light off the coast of africa? it's only been there a few days.
that's where it thinks your current location is..
what happened to the instagram photo map feature?
i still have it. but it hasn't been updated in ages. they're probably killing the feature
it's seriously one of my weaknesses
*takes notes* might make a pizza but i'm lazy
need new rave friends
no you don't
the only reason i notice it is because you continuously point it out lol. just view it as a permanent fade in your hair. fly
i point it out cus people think it's a design. plus i like it cus it's different. no fade bihhh
the new album is so good
lol it'll grow on me. it just takes time.
please raise your hand high if you are a genuine falpal who loves &amp; adores !!
my hand is as high as the moon!
hillary doesn't want to peak in sept.. early voting starts in a few weeks. then we rise.
yes we will! xo
germany rejects merkel as refugee crisis escalates via
you can't blame them. germany is in disarray !
it kinda bored me dun sa middle part na. well-hung is better but medyo kulang pa din.or maybe im just comparing her to emma
i read the tangled series before i went into a reading slump &amp; i was disappointed. it was a far cry from her legal briefs series
. created a new video &amp; tool to help you use phenomena in your teaching:
many phenomena are inexplicable in the absence of abstract insights, not so easily conveyed: feynman+magnets
he's got the baddest bitch in the game, and makes bank....
yea but don't mean he got bars
isis tricked our un ambassador into saying "ip freely" during a session
isis was fooled by the atf, the a team of finland: "i pity the fool who messes with b.a. bakstrm"
just don't pay me in gum
paying you in passive aggression
explosive? west without question. rose explosiveness is more like wall or dame
nah d rose explosiveness was on another level bro. especially mvp year. d rose used to finish around the tim better too.
2010 and 2013 both stand out to me as two of the greatest seasons that i was really able to experience.
hope we can say the same for years to come
paul mcgeough: hillary clinton is in big trouble as trump edges ahead in polls. via
still 7 weeks out, and trump has a much lower ceiling of potential support than clinton. but analysts gonna analyze.
seriously. and then people wonder why these teams try to 'price out' regular people from coming to the games.
yeah they can be hella obnoxious
i love that so much i had to retweet it. i always capitalize on authenticity but at the end of the day, the industry is dirty
yeah, it surprises me about the lack of quality people will present. it's like if you're consistent the real sponsors will follow.
jon bellion starts tour in 1 month!!
yeah and it's sold out in nyc already
mmmm i bought the cutest heels ever and i need an excuse to wear them out
i just remembered we dressin for marketing this week
not bad - not bad at all
hating it how the people at the back have to walk so far to get to the stage
anyone know why my warlock can pick up the weekly package from variks, but if i go there first with my hunter it's not there?
it depends on whom ranked variks to rank 3. then you can a package. did your hunter reach rank 3
5) including a third world war. 6) elect 3rd party or most of us perish.
hillary will select supreme court judges to overrule citizens united, fight climate change, forgive student loans.
nfl tiers: 1) pats 2) cardinals, steelers, panthers, broncos 3) seahawks, vikings, chiefs
the jets are in there for sure
goodnight &amp; god bless u all (:
have a great week u all (:
so tjs was a bust (pro tip: they dont throw out the stuff until v late) but... dunkin donuts dumpters are fuckin primo so hit dat shit up
clara...... come on now
a sour surprise for public pensions: two sets of books (thx )
this is one of the most important issues in ca. wildly under reported and dangerous.
what happen to being a land of opportunity?
the wrong people got to the opportunity first
if he only had his emotional support great dane, he could sit up front for free! right?
especially what i paid for this fare and how utterly uncomfortable the experience was....
yes, you need the feel good books first. enjoy ;)
will do. i will update you as soon as i start a marchetta book
makes me upset how people at ev are just not hyphy.
like you live in san josefor crying out loud.
watching drake and josh made me realize i grew up with drake's mindset
where do you watch it!??
first day off tmr since 3 weeks
fuk nvm my dumbass thought i had tmr off for some reason
now that interscope said to do not expect big hits on joanne i already see monsters leaving the fanbase again...
i'm unfollowing..tired of your unsourced statements
have you started mr robot?
no. thanks for the reminder. will get on it this week:
hopefully. not sure 2017 will be the year, but i'm hopeful for 2018.
i think '17, we'll be a surprise team if we have a successful offseason. '18 for sure.
queen looks so good, push through girl...
i wonder if that is her turtle? turtles scare me, but kim looks fantastic.
march 4, 2013: dhs announces plan to release even more illegal aliens in 2013
disgusting. no safety for americans!
my privilege is to vote, same as every adult citizen.
but you can rest assured that if trump wins, you won't face what many will. so, it's a luxury.
micro center. i can bring you a few
: thanks! i'll pay you back; i think got an extra for me, so in reality i probably only need two more for my projects
i'm stuck in new brunswick!! i'm from new york !! i need to get to new york asap what can i do ?
could shoot over to the east brunswick bus terminal. should also have bus terminal near by in new br.
limited spaces left at this weekend's hiring workshop! register now!
scary rumors my niece grace rolek w be a victim of a fake suicide. by domestic extremists gang
i'm binging stranger things, everyone leave my emotional ass alone
this is some wholesome shit right here
started making + changes to my life 3-4 years ago. plan to build on it, &amp; expand my goals. priorities have definitely changed, though.
im not sure where ill end up, but feeling like it'd be hard to go back to what had be one normal before.
somebody talk me off the ledge because i'm starting to feel like 4-8 is more likely than a bowl game again.
i'm on the ledge with you
he cant teach for shit
ik idk how imma do this lab report
feed me... portos
give me a hundred dollars
when your party's chairwoman has to admit that you were physically "lifted into that van"
hogwash! she was unconscious!
for reference the last time i "made websites" nested tables were still en vogue and de rigeur
: same. 's reaction to 's source was both priceless and judgemental.
"space ghost: coast to coast" s1/e3 on
as a kid i lived for the space ghost intro.
raspberry pi zero for $0.99. a computer with a 1ghz cpu and 512mb of ram is a dollar.
funny pricing model, they get more expensive per unit the more you buy?
have you started mr robot?
just saw 2001 on a big screen for the first time. kubrick was meant for the cinema and the cinema for him.
these replies don't make sense no more bye
you never replied tho come back
but you not saying who better. ain't nobody in the league stepping in front of russ going full speed at the rim.
facts! but before d rose injury you could say the same with d rose. science said he was actually too explosive which led to injury.
also i work a job where i'm required to wear a blouse
also i'm technically a trained fire fighter and actually good at it what is life
if you don't think whomever wins this election won't effect everyone in this world is ignorant of the power the office yields
hilary won't round people up. or have a shaky finger on the red button, or plunge us into economic ruin. she isn't a racist.
another reason to not vote for
you are a bore - no one cares what you tweet - bernie isn't coming back - enjoy donald trump
more actions to come in october
is there a specific group organizing this event?
finally realised who/what reminds me of: a sad pinocchio. [scripts another bullet point on a list of weird shit i'm attracted to]
it took only about 7 tries to spell pinocchio.
so are the when last ab they'll play "i love it when u call me big papa"
i heard he was chillin in the heights wit sammy sosa &amp; manny ramirez lol
killing a witness is not an act of terrorism. setting bombs are acts of terrorism. any acts that causes mass terror are.
but if it doesn't cause terror (because we're hard-ass new yorkers or whatever), is it terrorism?
goodnight &amp; god bless
have a great week (:
when you are feeling bad about yourself or your life, do something you love. make sure that the thing you love to do is good for you.
this is true, also do something that can make somebody else smile. making others happy will always make you feel better.
happy birthday, girl! i know birthdays can be tough some times but i hope you take a moment to celebrate that you are here
thank you so much i needed that. i didn't think i'd make it this far... the fact i'm here is enough. i gotta remember that
allahu akbar! 3 pipe bombs &amp; 2 smaller devices discovered at train station in elizabeth nj. are we allowed to call this terrorism yet?
no they say it is not politically correct i'm furious and sick from all of this
please dm me your numbers!!
no one wanna text u brandon
i liken to getting a mix album of songs curated by your favorite artist.
this comparison
ghost is feeling proud of himself. tasha admits she was wrong about his club career. he congratulates her on career day.
still a selfish fuckboi and user.
me right now
what we so happy about?
limited spaces left at this weekend's hiring workshop! register now!
fanatics use smedia to glean, medical lies to support terror.
isn't that true. you think you'd stomp on a funny looking, crimson worm if you saw it.
i got a size 12 old shoe made for smashing worms ...bake him in the oven at 450 till crispy carbon
we need to retake our pictures!
yes! let's take pics after the show
i couldn't imagine winning 1 million dollars...... what is the 1st thing you would do if u won that much money
buy a vintage fender. either a tele or a jazzmaster.
yeah, most of next season depends on the offseason moves. i just want to be a .500 team again haha.
haha mine and everyone else's dream
hilary won't round people up. or have a shaky finger on the red button, or plunge us into economic ruin. she isn't a racist.
i'm fully convinced trump is hitler reincarnated, fwiw.
thanks man it means a lot. always respected you at these events working your ass off.
i always wanted to see things like they are now for players, glad u can finally be compensated for all the time &amp; energy u spent
i saw these guys practicing at ocean beach. anyone can name the team?
think i'm going to need a little more information.
i miss the 90s when rap actually had meaning to it
who was your favorite rapper from the 90s?
that's still my favorite too.
that song is his now, the way all along the watchtower belongs to jimi hendrix
so are the when last ab they'll play "i love it when u call me big papa"
how much juice was he on this weekend... he ate his gummy bears i heard lol
i'm sure didn't mean it, but ever since his gig w/ , i've had reo speedwagon's "take it on the run" earwormed
i love that song. did one of my tunes sound like that song or something?
it's entirely possible i am missing something, but harley means a lot to a lot of people.
i don't like the idea of her being forever defined as a domestic abuse victim
killing a witness is not an act of terrorism. setting bombs are acts of terrorism. any acts that causes mass terror are.
i just worry that if we describe every asshole as a terrorist, we're greatly expanding terrorism.
you two have just been sitting across from each other in the same room since you moved.that's what i tell people
yes. it's more of a performance art piece than a life.
answering texts while away at college is next to impossible
i always get a text back so to the fake hoes
it's also an indictment on our nation that so many of us feel disenfranchised, shut out of the process depending on who wins
no, it's an indictment on 3rd parties being too lazy to be effective.
i've heard it sucks. but i really should update my phone.
ok i did it. took forever tho lol
elijah made this back in the day
hella forgot about this
actually is it. a lot of flights are delayed for all airlines due to air traffic control
thanks for carrying american and lax's pungent water for them!
this is how fascism comes to america - the washington post
reading jack london's 1906 "the iron heel" foretelling rise of fascism, or oligopoly, in us
agreed. i think that's how the best way to grow, especially when you develop genuine business relationships that last
me too. it's why i never say yes to sponsors on my instagram lol. i don't really even feel it's deserved since i'm so inconsistent
thread of where u can listen to root beer float ft.
it's also on tidal!
good meeting you today, bro!
same. your dad was cool. too bad we didn't get the w lol
if you're on snapchat constantly drinking, doing drugs and gambling every weekend wyd wit ya life ?
wtf i constantly do that.
this was probably my favourite part of the bus tour we went on in ny
aww i still want to do a bus tour, that area is so lovely i stayed at union sq park for a while x
the first non-white best actor in a drama awarded by in 18 years: arab american rami malek
because his talents speaks no language or religion
based on recent interactions with people i think i need to amend my twitter bio to include "surprisingly short"
: "larger than life"
freeop: a promising new nonpartisan think tank on equal opportunity; from people i know and respect:
this is greatly needed. if there is a way to better attain the listenership of policy makers and partisans on it... would be huge
might as well just explore sf then
i've been here all day, i practically live here. i'm staying in the sfsu dorms tonight lol
i'm watching winnie the pooh.
wait which one? the titling of that series is difficult to follow.
way out" coz "we're trying to win." why pitch a guy "on his way out" when "we're trying 2 win?"
win what lol giradi towing company line
limited spaces left at this weekend's hiring workshop! register now!
true or false? manipulating beauty products w poisons. make up, use of juniors and break ins possibly to college kids.
anniversary goodness!
happy anniversary you two!!!
how does this article decoding the budget by brilliant economist only have 11 likes so far?!?!
because he's for hrc &amp;against seizing of the means of production&amp;distribution from our bankrupt planetary owners bis
all- throttle control needs iso 26262 safety-critical standard regulation!
why not believe what driver says happened, why believe automakers where has been proven
any chance you could do a tutorial on the naked palate (the original, not smokey)?!??!
it's still to this day one of my fav palettes
you don't know about grinding, until you go to school in the morning immediately after your over night shift &amp; still having to work after.
i work in the afternoons and none of my classes are early in the mornings and i close at work
i miss my and all my gaffer ahaha
aww miss you loads xxxx
whenever i have news, good or bad, my mom is the first to hear about it. she's my go to.
what's the bad news
spot on. house of cards has gone batshit cray cray.
i saw the first 20 minutes of the first episode &amp; felt spiritually polluted.
you do that
your opinion is the almighty law. i forgot
nymphomaniac 1 &amp; 2 pretty close
it's probably a whole bunch of white folks. i like my ebony flicks.
i miss the beach.
honestly i have no idea. i took it from a vine. i'm try to find it and if i do i'll let you know.
i literally cant right now like you dont even know how i feel
ur so selfish, u literally think everything is about u, and im literally fed up
finally realised who/what reminds me of: a sad pinocchio. [scripts another bullet point on a list of weird shit i'm attracted to]
there are probably at least 5 other things on there that would include "sad" in the description. sad eyebrows. sad eyes. sad pants.
obama just spent $29 million to steal the election from trump -
disgraceful that non citizens are being allowed to vote. it's illegal and unconstitutional
my hand was shaking so bad but i'm glad this came out good! much love!
girl! thank you again for all the love, and see you very soon
u.s. spends another $10 mil to register new immigrant voters via
as a legal immigrant that had to get a visa to live and work here, do i qualify? or only illegals?
lol the maine is on the 3 train aka the train i take to &amp; from school every day lol lol plz kill me
like theyre lost on the subway rn i could help you
ugh im hella dumb for that but i gotta make it work
okay, it's lit. i made it work. i thought my schedule clash
love to hear happy :) myself wonderful thank you!
i spent a wonderful day watching my granddaughter make tornados
rubber soul, zeppelin iii, animals, and justice for all, in utero, amnesiac, 808s &amp; heartbreak
reign in blood?
concentrating on getting this 1 not clutching to the past.
y'all never anddd the rock meanssss "never" winning another chip again!!!
the thing i love most about dre is that he's always shifting and playing all sides. he does care about tariq, tho.
i think that is why he'll turn against kanan.
sarah paulson brought marcia clark katie ps: no spoilers, i just started watching the
i know! i'm watching it for the second time rn
brilliant day . so many epic roller coasters, including the tallest &amp; second fastest in the
o-128 mph in 3.5 seconds &amp; shooting up 456ft into the air. the tallest in the world. the 2nd fastest in the world. what. a. day.
we strongly condemn the cowardly terror attack in uri. i assure the nation that those behind this despicable attack will not go unpunished.
es bar nahi to kabhi nahi, please sir do some needful action against pakistan. jai hind.
how'd u know i'm at rock bottom
bro i am too it's ok
gabbert might play well enough to deserve this job after week 4 or 5, or kaepernick might practice poorly enough to rule him out, but...
and what if kaep is just as bad as last year? flip-flopping until the draft?
"hillary's dead" look, look, bombs!
she's beyond repair: bombs aren't enough to help her or distract us. i predict a new health incident soon.
i really don't ask people to do this much, but please pray for me and my fianc!! looking at a house tomorrow and hoping it works out!
i'll say some prayers for you &amp; your fiance hope everything works out, best ofluck on finding a house
always gotta do some exploring on hulu and netlfix. you never know what you'll find
well i know for sure drake and josh is not on netflix :(
yes. he was at the emmys tonight.
that's what i get for trying to make dinner and watch the emmy's,i missed him :-( will have to hunt him down in hollywood...:-).
the only thing missing this season is that person i can just watch movies, crack a window open, light a candle, and cuddle with
come hang out with jasen and i and we'll cuddle while jasen third wheels
you realize you comparing this beef to nas and hov beef lol
anyone can get ethered b
ok so yellow + blue = green isnt it that sunlight (usually associated as yellow) and water (blue) are required for plants(green) to grow?
this made me reevaluate my life
what's that got to do with anything
i was referring to makeup up, it's okay if you like makeup too ridi
mighty morphin foreskin by captain murphy
ending of mighty morphin foreskin by captain murphy
we felt her kicks for the first time today!! he was so happy, of course i shed a few tears
i made her something for the baby shower well technically it's for you lmao but u know what i mean
and here i was researching for the past 3 nights what could cause this mysterious light lol
haha, sorry for the letdown.
you might think halal street cart food is a good idea, but it usually never is. reaping the consequences of my poor dietary rn
who am i kidding, that gyro was pretty bomb
i don't think he can ether him but the game def got bars too. he did a 400 bar diss track.
game got bars
i have a really long interview for i'm editing. should i release as:
chop it into way smaller chunks
we've got a special view from the on our snapchat right now! follow us : abctheview
yiure taking it too far . too far.
hes so rude
isnt pepe a white supremacist now?
game would toss him
in a fight yeah half the population would but not in this rap beef already proven he couldn't
every girl is jamaican or from trinidad lol
twin blood where u at call me
grab the bat
good thinking
winning!! we love you so much president donald trump! keep up the hard work! you are uniting us all
lol this map is as delusional as those who believe in miracles &amp; imaginary beings in the sky
the last time the clinton's were in office our economy was in better shape than it has been in decades, so yes.
b/c insists, "he [] knows how to do it" why didn't he tell ? .com era mean anything?
wow i have a fan club?? im flattered! i like your club
on behalf of the jasmine fan club, we like to announce that this zack afron guy is longer alive. you're welcome me lady
*breathes in* i hate amy schumer *breathes out*
switch to great british bake off!
you have a major inferiority complex man. it comes out every time
this is the 2nd time we've disagreed. also don't know what that means. we'll see what happens
it's due to weather and fog.
nobody asked for your "help." unless you're running the aa or lax twitter feeds.
it is hard to not be in full panic mode when and , are telling me to panic.
nate silver is a poll aggregator. bad underlying polls make his shit bad.
bro i do not have the talent for that
you could totally do it!
that moment when you realize that you probably missed the opportunity of a lifetime with that special someone....
lesson learned: don't be a bitch. be like nike and just do it
it's rough at first. when it's good it's great. and when it's bad its hell. good luck
these will probably only last for like two days so im not tripping
yikes yes you can extra points and level up
i also got oreos and speculoos and then combined them
i'm so sorry for blowing up yalls feed. i'm hellah aware that i'm irrelevant and washed up but hey, lets talk about some stuffs.
you shush. love seeing you on my feed girl. ever since i followed you back in shit, 2014? 2013?
jalen greene? i just think we should recruit the best. color should never matter.
reggie perry, jason thomas
*the office comes on* friend 1: please no not this again friend 2: quick turn it off me:
i'm laughing because all i can think of is you two
watching a clown tripping balls on acid on awesome stream. dropsy is all messed up.
dropsy is the shit man. =d
"is it wearable? no. but that's not the point." -zac posen on project runway, a show about making things to wear
i mean yes i know it's "fashion" but whatever
a defensive computing term paper on privacy: vpns, tor and vpn routers | computerworld. the third option's good.
the author has basically the same views as i do as to the pros and cons of each approach. good lists of software and additional resources.
you have a major inferiority complex man. it comes out every time
phil simms agrees. &amp; it's obviously arguable w a few of the teams you named
siggy needs to stay in her lane
- trust me i am. i was just trying to help but you are right! this is way too complicated!
"polyfill.io reads the ua of each request and returns polyfills that are suitable for the requesting browser."
another way to add latency. sigh.. compile it in if you have to. avoid if you can.
yes, he was at the emmy's. i retweeted a lot so you can see posts and pics of our sweetheart there
thank-you so much!
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
you got roasted at the emmys tonight. ha ha. well deserved.
i think gaga shooting down the question about m the other day put a nail in that coffin.
can you link me to this
shitty! even so it's 2016 overbooking a flight shouldn't happen
completely agree. it's insane
you have to be in the playoffs to have a shot
shot at nothing... well your a fan so your use to disappointment
i hate when this happens
@ why are you trying to put a filter on your cat
yeah okay that's the best joke ever
i've loved that one forever-alongside their contemporary "trophy wife mounted."
this is why i want a rise in 3rd parties. gop &amp; dnc don't govern anymore. they point fingers and play keep away.
that will take years, if not decades, for them to build what is needed. no reason to take them seriously
gotta be up in 2.5 hours
you got this we still young
no. last night i did not once blame any muslim, nor did i suggest such.
here's my worry: the rush to call it "terrorism" is euphemism for "be afraid... and be afraid of muslims."
young ma has the hottest record in the world .. quit sleeping
you call her stephanie
think i'll mess around with it some tomorrow, see what i can do
thats how it starts
hahahaha good one meaghan as if the drudgery of existence is somehow 'living'. this piece is solid. clichd, but solid.
how many stars would you give it?
we did tweet about bernie's positions. we have also named him a in the past.
great and i'm glad to hear it!
what is that?!
whats what?
you got this we still young
ish... youngish lol
this jet lag is incredible. it's 1am and i am alert, awake and ready to take on the world
take a late night ride on the boosted board!
exactly!!! you matter &amp; i'm so glad you're still here. here's to many more birthdays
cheers to that, my dear!
alcohol + lonely + horny is not a good mix.
now that's an addition expedition
tyler oakley was in the same hotel as me all weekend and i didn't run into him once life is unfair
they sent him cookies with pictures of his face and me pictures of diplo's face i'm extremely ok with this
where did u find this
awww that picture
you sound busy. how was the conference??
very. the conference was amazing
when i get put in a group categorized as "not adventurous enough to try this food," i get offended and then say, "challenge accepted!"
and this is the story of how devon possibly roped herself into trying balut at a birthday party next month.
that will take years, if not decades, for them to build what is needed. no reason to take them seriously
esp. when they show up to run for potus and don't know something as simple as aleppo.
interesting fact- none of the top 3 finishers in bodybuilding, classic or men's physique were over 5'10.
i'm 6'5... hope is lost lol
here's my worry: the rush to call it "terrorism" is euphemism for "be afraid... and be afraid of muslims."
if that's not the case, why not just call it a crime? why the desire to label as terrorism? (even if it is)
nice thread!
thank you. it's amazing what happens when you have the capacity for listening, as hrc does. xo
lmaooo bro me and lucy weak!!!
i hate both you and lmao
and you've got ridiculously defensive both times..
not even close, but ok.
tennis! watchu mean lol
brent can't have internet conversations without me! and you cant be making dates without me!
man that chaps my hide. same with banks and all this bs "fraud detection" that just inconveniences you to make their lives easier.
yeah. it's protecting them at the expense of us
only three games left at the ted for me. that's tough to think about.
three for me too
ur playing urself
sharing is caring rat
the biggest loser of the night: donald trump
good article. ha ha. love when people make fun of him.
many voting for 3rd parties were never going to vote hillary. and it's their right to vote how they want
uh-huh, sure. and nader had no affect in 2000, too, eh? lol.
come to new zealand sometime, we have mountains haha
i wish i could! fell in love with new zealand form xena and lotr. i can't even leave us lol but i'll make it to nz one day
this ruined my month
it's ruining my everything tbh
thank you for being smart, funny, kind, dedicated, loving, caring and compassionate. you were what nj needed most!
- i just adore you!!! you are gold &amp; have been since day 1 of this crazy journey!
finally watched jonathan strange and mr norrell. very very good, though i thought they made the gentleman too creepy and not alluring enough
good to hear. loved the book and and noticed the show popped up on netflix recently
wi-fi's dirty secret of evil twins | computerworld. ssid != security. hotspot 2.0, google, fb, others want to fix.
unless you're sitting at home setting up a wi-fi router that you just bought and plugged in, hard to trust an ssid is really legitimate.
grips on your waist
front ways back wayssss
good night sweet matthew, blessings and happiness for you!
xoxo thank you kind elena blessings &amp; happiness to you too (:
u look like u asleep in that first pic
tbh i practically was asleep that entire day. hence me wearing the shirt i slept in the night before.
really doing the tv vs. movies thing on a sunday night huh.
sundays bring out the worst in all of us.
not surprised david duke is holding a confederate flag here, but what's with the sheriff's star on that guy's shirt?
let's vent our hatred, offend everyone, and see who votes for us nov. 8th.
using violence for political gain is literally the definition of terrorism
how! specifics please. talk is cheap.
it wasn't about electability. it was who do i agree with the most. i thought the 52% tax rate bernie proposed was too much.
then, as you told her, you'll have no right to complain when trump is president, since you chose values over beating trump.
uh-huh, sure. and nader had no affect in 2000, too, eh? lol.
and it's my right to point out they are being privileged, incredibly so, in so doing.
unless you're sitting at home setting up a wi-fi router that you just bought and plugged in, hard to trust an ssid is really legitimate.
certainly in public. so various groups have been trying to make secure hotspot logins for public wi-fi work. in the meantime, android &amp; ...
i've been hardcore watching your snap story for more of their beauty
i had to leave it was the hardest thing ever to not invite them to the bar on sunday night
megaupload defendants have already been punished by forfeiture of all assets without trial. us can now destroy u purely based on allegations
yes, but we're a protectorate kim,just like the bahamas so, it's really her "majesty's" maritime admiralty court that's fing you!
i try to do that a lot on here sometimes people need it! xxmeli
i think we all need it once in a while. i just appreciate being reminded of it. thank you
you really want to use "cellar" in a discussion about playoff chances?
gold isn't playoffs its but bottom feeders are happy to make it to the
i'm sorry we didn't to chat at third ave ale house, your podcast looks awesome! can we meet up tomorrow at 92y?
me too! i'd love to meet up tomorrow! i'll be the guy with the funny hair!
i know i'm not "supposed" to shit talk hillary, but the fact that she's losing to trump is *her* fault and it's really embarrassing.
it's not the fault of young people/bernie supporters, its the fault of people who voted for hrc in the primary despite her -17 favorability.
lmao! omg. i don't have one of those so i'm gonna be so overwhelmed.
hence the calendar, look what's on say tomorrow.. i don't' keep up with sitcoms and don't watch gotham or lucifer..
surprisingly, i really like this gown
i know! she's killing it
slander is a different thing but respected publications generally don't deal in that.
i'm not exaggerating when i say that his plan is to dismantle the system of checks &amp; balances...
it's not the fault of young people/bernie supporters, its the fault of people who voted for hrc in the primary despite her -17 favorability.
everybody told us that she was more electable, without a single piece of data to back it up. all polling indicated bernie was stronger.
this weekend: - explosion at 5k race in seaside park, nj - explosion in nyc - mass stabbing in minnesota - pipe bombs found in elizabeth, nj
and according to our main stream media it's not politically correct to call it terrorism.not yet the world we live in
nats mom and sister will really like james he has protected nat and treated her like a gentleman would.
crap they just dont quit do they
mary j blige be dancing like she's doing billy blanks tybo
sttooopppp, my dad used to make me do those video workouts lol
. he's a former police officer that, according to his amazon reviews, talks about police as evil. it's typical
also, , can we at least agree that is an ignorant asshole?
u coming over?
i'll be there with bells on
quick game of r-type
never could get the hang of that game. i think i got to level 3.
new york, la, bay area in reverse order lol
bay area though
dream house.
hiroshima chairs ftw.
yumm. how did you like that steak?
perfection!
certainly in public. so various groups have been trying to make secure hotspot logins for public wi-fi work. in the meantime, android &amp; ...
...windows &amp; i believe ios as well have elaborate public ap "captive portal" detection code for the usual sign-in / click-through agreement.
not as obvious in day 1 but you'll def see her and nunu (and rieri) in day 2
i'll keep an eye out when i get to those then
you don't follow em on snap?
nigga offered some lil kid water. the bottle was open. the kid wanted to take it he squeezed it on the kids face
(if you know what i mean)
hahaha it's only the beginning
you lecturing anyone about integrity, honesty or civility when you sold yourself out to trump for is ironic.
montel, you're hocking juicers, please sell out, man in the mirror.
i forget if i tweeted this but i'm responsible for two people developing a root beer addiction
uh, well... theres tons of worse substances to push on people 0w0; like anvils! :d
i'm not exaggerating when i say that his plan is to dismantle the system of checks &amp; balances...
and to rule the us in the style in which putin rules russia.
we enjoyed your performance and uber-note in tremendously! thank you :)
thanks so much. :34 this afternoon.
i am a pro lifer period. and i didn't say walk away. us has been quick to interfere and make things worse. we need new strategy
and yet, you'll proudly vote for a candidate who is clueless on the issue?
"fidayeen attack"? what a convenient name for "war"....
don't go for the war mongering.btw not sure why we always have war when bjp is in power in recent times
sony's asked me to write about "the equalizer," my favorite tv show of the 1980s
thanks for the rt, keisha.
everybody told us that she was more electable, without a single piece of data to back it up. all polling indicated bernie was stronger.
the argument that bernie would struggle as much as she is right now is absurd. hrc has been the target of propagandist attacks for decades.
megaupload defendants have already been punished by forfeiture of all assets without trial. us can now destroy u purely based on allegations
her majesty has no jurisdiction on dry land that is nz.only at sea,it's canonical law. you are a free man on the land proclaim it
im sick as hell just from sleeping with the window open for one night
that's very unfortunate why did u sleep with the window open then, silly?
i think i should just run my own theatre company... maybe.
i'll help you with it
huge reporting bias is one thing that stands out. i would not call this a map of 'all battles.'
lol. "every battle" means [with a wikipedia article]
when did i become a dirty police fukker i cry
"fuck the police" ( )
quote of the night
followed closely by "parkour!!!"
...windows &amp; i believe ios as well have elaborate public ap "captive portal" detection code for the usual sign-in / click-through agreement.
and hotel ap's like that are exactly the sorts of wi-fi ap's in public places that bad guys would want to spoof.
megaupload defendants have already been punished by forfeiture of all assets without trial. us can now destroy u purely based on allegations
you're there as courtesy to the baliff
the argument that bernie would struggle as much as she is right now is absurd. hrc has been the target of propagandist attacks for decades.
under no circumstances could bernie-- who has the highest favorability rating of any politician-- be defamed into equal unpopularity as hrc.
bryan cranston said on e! that he'd like to be considered for the part of trump...
american crime story: election 2016
loving action comics at the mo, pretty trippy
they are just killing it, and i'm fangiring so hard!
"fidayeen attack"? what a convenient name for "war"....
war is the last retreat btw unless you annexe pakistan it is an waste of resource .
so when'd y'all become shemales??
we've always had cocks and you like them in ur stretched out ass
if you ever get a change read page she is so supportive of people&amp;just amazingly uplifting! she's an on here
i love her.she has a good soul. i will read it.we can never get enough inspiration.it is maintenance 4 the soul
none of what? middle east warring? been happening for millennia. terrorism? check your history and timelines.
jr. bush poked the hornets' nest and created the disaster it is now. saddam had it under control.
professors pick textbooks--but students pay for them. and students are paying a fortune.
how exactly does one evaluated the worth, quality, or value of a textbook?
ill tell you exactly..throwing up outside of a mcdonald's drive thru and not remembering how you drove home!
i actually ended up rolled up in a blanket like a burrito and drunk texting my bf que se chinge
and hotel ap's like that are exactly the sorts of wi-fi ap's in public places that bad guys would want to spoof.
then again, for a public wi-fi ap that isn't using some kind of encryption, anyone can capture all the unencrypted traffic they can receive.
yeah i did was just baffled that you were driving lol
lmao angie gave me a ride but i had to drive because everyone was lit. ryan, geno and matt were in the car lol
i am 's aunt and we want to get her to your show on the 1st. do you have a link with details?
yes :) i will send them to you asap :)
was so bummed to miss this year. was truly a great event last year. thanks for sharing the highlights.
this is my 1st time &amp; loving it! thanks! also we haven't caught up since you joined compassion! would love to hear more sometime!
and to rule the us in the style in which putin rules russia.
he's already flat out said, he doesn't care the courts say or feel need to abide by the constitution.
the muslim thing is a cop out. not all terrorists are muslim and not all muslims are terrorists.
it's more litmus test than a cop out. i'm willing to disagree. not willing to engage w/ bigots.
my future husband is somewhere in la being trendy af rn i know it
that's weird to think about... like what is my husband doing rn
ill tell you exactly..throwing up outside of a mcdonald's drive thru and not remembering how you drove home!
and throwing up in front of all of fiesta lmao
this is some wholesome shit right here
this show is truly beautiful
"fidayeen attack"? what a convenient name for "war"....
kargil cess was paid by entire india for 8 years along with loss of precious lives .
happy sisters!
is this real wth
green was a trend on the emmys red carpet. more red carpet here
and cut out motifs on gowns
jr. bush poked the hornets' nest and created the disaster it is now. saddam had it under control.
and bush did it for no reason except to avenge his daddy and get oil.
we did tweet about bernie's positions. we have also named him a in the past.
. clintons supported welfare reform which continues to devastate poor families across this nation. it needs to be repealed
you call it what it is to be able to identify the problem and attack it head on. the bullshit narrative of we don't know causes
i'm off to bed. nothing personal.
sat in the middle of times square and had a 2 hour conversation w/ about movies &amp; cinematography &amp; christopher nolan &amp; the oscars
i love you let's have a call once and only talk about films
i definitely cosign all of this. conventional wisdom is woefully underestimating the civic engagement and voting power of poc.
willfully. that's the worst part. that our "conventional wisdom" and media wants this.
yea, that too!
one white girl gets killed and we're talking about it years later. non-white kids get killed every day &amp; forgotten
i shaved for the first time today yall livanthebabyfacelife
things u did: that
i guess we once again disagree (on degree)
seattle beat the dolphins at home 12-10 &amp; lost to the rams. so "lol" isn't a defense for putting them in a class above the jets
he walks away and they shit talk.
as usual awful people i feel like if they take eachother good for them but the rest needs to stop
ohhhhhh wait i remember that!!! holy shit i didn't realize it was the same van
right!? such a bummer!!
please tell me what lotion you use in your bathrooms, whitechapel. i need to put it on my skin.
uh i believe you mean it needs to put it on its skin
blue cheese stuffed olives are just way better than regular olives
i need to try these.
goodbye baseball! with a bomb to dead center field. solo shot cuts blue's lead to 6-4
i watched many of those .
under no circumstances could bernie-- who has the highest favorability rating of any politician-- be defamed into equal unpopularity as hrc.
bernie wouldn't go from a +20 favorability to negatives because donald trump (highest unfavorables in the country) called him a communist.
can't wait to get home and wash oakland off me.....smell like bbq and sweat.
where the fuck were you?
yeah, but still. just looking at all the shows, i get stressed out. lmao.
blah, you gotta stay organized.. its not even midseason yet which will fill up the workload ten times over
then again, for a public wi-fi ap that isn't using some kind of encryption, anyone can capture all the unencrypted traffic they can receive.
i haven't seen any recent news besides that nexus phones with android nougat would be able to use the project fi public wi-fi access points.
change the culture at ev!
been trying too but nobody is down for it. they rather hear some shit like megan trainor or 21 pilots
lol they fasho got you in shape i must admit
nothing but the truth lol
he mentally checked out after her she was hoh and, hasn't been the same.
yes its hard to watch his game was on point till he fell for her and she should have handled it better but didn't
kevin durant: "yo steph, make it from half court and i'll join you next season" stephen curry: ""
gonna steph
you defeated your own purpose then by only using two races lmao
i'm showing that skin color doesn't matter when it comes to beauty. plus i specifically said "all races can be beautiful".
this shit is why sex education is so important.
have schools also cut reading/writing since i was a kid? what is doing?
yea he did ya just a lot of drake dick
i ain't a drake stan chill lmao, listen to the shit he just dropped against game and listen to the shit he did for drake it's obvious
where do i sign up?!
i barely have 4 friends , chill
, literally do not know! they both drive me insane. dear lord, pls help me decide in 2 short mo's!
i'm voting for jill stein, the green party
casually chatting with kit harington at the bar at hbo party on my wedding anniversary = night complete
invite him on our after show.
important ? what am i going to be for halloweenie?
options: san, howl or someone from steven universeeeeee
fear no nigga nor bitch
you just changed ur avi to a fake photo foh gay boi get back on grindr
slayin the game as always soph
you are too frickin sweet thank you sm girl you da baddest
you right, but tragedy!!
in a parallel universe, it won all the emmys...
what i have been told repeatedly is that the obama coalition doesn't like hillary. wanted bernie and are stubborn
and the evidence for that is...? aside from institutional misogyny, of course. :)
new york city is so legit
really? wow that's cool
you are amazing. remember you brought to my life. now on sundays we have our planners out planning our week!
- one day we will do it together!
wish the summer wasn't over so i could play more
check out our facebook group (santa cruz spikeball) if in the area! also planning our next tournament for this december!
picture of fbi arresting 5 muslims on verrazano bridge, suspects were directed to jfk airport.
how did you get these photos so fast? great work!
the last time i had a mangonada i felt like they slipped something into it. been scared to get another ever since. lol
felt that when i had a mangorita
thanks for checking in, jan! what do you have planned for your friday?
thanks just business meeting and we gonna work together!
nah it's bool, it was a pretty bool spoon anyway so i'm not bomplaining
glad you think the spoon is pretty fam you brazy bool
i'm aware of trump &amp; i'm also aware of clinton. i'd vote for 1 if i thought there weren't better options. fortunately there are
a guy who is clueless on world affairs is a "better option" in your eyes?
aww bro you need to join buddha projects with that ride
na bro our own crew borroso projects
five suspects arrest near verrazano bridge, related to . no names being released. cover up by dems begins.
what cover up???
it's race day ! don't forget to use to win this fatmax toolbox.
when do you say ?
find me a ting go missing and prosper
that's the plan
"hit the gas instead of the brake" is a mantra repeated even when driver says not case! seems like railroading!
it starts with brainwashing everyone from reporters to the victims.
i ain't a drake stan chill lmao, listen to the shit he just dropped against game and listen to the shit he did for drake it's obvious
im not saying u , and i did listen ! against drake he stated facts on how he got smacked and shitted on but ppl don't like
the only decent picture i got of her today. i love this outfit
it was a good day to where this outfit
and love having u on rhonj. its great 2 new cast and return of greatest cast member.
= thank you heather! jacq is responsible for that one!
no not the drunk texting ahah the "fiesta drunk " that's you ahha
i swear to god that's me lmao
or try gel liner?! i use to use the loreal one. lol. idk :(
i have black trac by mac but it's sooooo time consuming
new york city is so legit
really? wow that's good
omg lmaooo they're different bras but ill let u have this one
i know but i just had to
all faded yesterday posting an empty snap on your story
seeeeerio. i didn't realize till today &amp; it was too late
sorry i missed you, miguel enjoyed meeting you! hope you are well!!
thank you !!! miguel is great guy! looking forward to see you next time.
the last frame of this edit is ass
looks like a holographic robot ass
haha agreed me to!! except the girl bit lool
it's ok i won't tell anyone, it will be our little secret if you fangirled just a little *giggles*
bernie wouldn't go from a +20 favorability to negatives because donald trump (highest unfavorables in the country) called him a communist.
if you believe in favorability numbers, you know that clinton is the third most disliked politician-- behind trump and cruz. bernie is .
i was hating life , sun was beating on me and that fucked up loss to the dirty birds
man the sun was so bad that i bought a hat and i don't wear hats lol
a guy who is clueless on world affairs is a "better option" in your eyes?
i want a potus who is aware, intelligent and versed in all relevant issues. johnson ain't that at all. he's a joke.
thank u fur the flowers &lt;3&lt;3 xxxxxx
no thank you for your powers
i ain't a drake stan chill lmao, listen to the shit he just dropped against game and listen to the shit he did for drake it's obvious
real shit no more they go by who's cool in the game and a nigga that don't write his raps isn't hip hop
audrey noir
breathtakingly beautiful
the defensive pedigree is substantially &gt;. and your qb is a joke in most games. this isn't hard
but alex smith &amp; sam bradford made that crew? lol
"polyfilling your own" = ? lib author includes promise implementation? that's cruft for most users
yup. latency is super important to keep to a minimum. opening additional connections, even fast ones, adds latency.
your 100% right&amp;w/all going on in this world it's great to have people like her&amp;you that always find the positive
and people like you that pop into our lives unexpectedly. thank you my dear.
so much love for
lovelovelovelove this! &amp;you're a doll. xx
i'm wearing my rudan shirt that i made and no makeup and i was feeling myself . . lol . :)))
i like these pics :)))
i want a potus who is aware, intelligent and versed in all relevant issues. johnson ain't that at all. he's a joke.
as a friend said, libertarianism is like porn. looks great until you get up close and realize there's no substance to it.
yea like it doesn't look effortless
like he still fly but i think he be doing too much on a regular basis
omg i know exactly what that said!!! proud of myself
thought we were sticking to our islands lol
i'm wearing my rudan shirt that i made and no makeup and i was feeling myself . . lol . :)))
ignore my messy ass room &gt;___&lt;
i bet it sounds amazing :)
nooooo lol it would be amazing if it was recorded well but it's ass
we are excited for the big news we just had!
congrats taf !!! "the taste of life " by hermes
the day i have to wear dodger gear to make good on a bet i made before the season will be the worst day in my life. it's coming soon.
*crying tears*
very nice! well at least you saved little being in america. it will all last you long time tho.
yes i was so happy with everything
this requires a belief that libertarian, constitutionalists and green partners would all or mostly vote dem.
you're ignoring that many who voted nader now say they wish they'd voted dem in 2000
is helping me get over my huge fear of heights. now i can look down when i'm on top of a skyscraper. next step is to actually walk.
what was the app?
tweeting from the tub feels incredibly wrong and rather luxurious. like licking all the frosting off a cake.
a tweet? from the bathtub? how delightfully absurd!
5 muslims (instead of israeli), detained on verrazano bridge (instead of manhattan). def not a coincidence.
where in any credible news report about the verrazano arrests is the word "muslim"??
ima need this again asap
lol we all took naps after
you're ignoring that many who voted nader now say they wish they'd voted dem in 2000
so, yes, they'd vote dem. sounds to me like you're trying to justify your vote in a clueless libertarian.
long day of pomemon hunting! worth it tho!
dude. haha i hope you caught some good stuff!
you simply do not understand san francisco if you don't know rose pak. period.
. end of an era. she cast a giant shadow across politics 4 decades. corrupt? yes. it's
wyd tomorrow all day?
laying in my bed studying
imo corey was way better then nicole. he liked james. pretty sure he would not shit talk him.
corey definitely the better person
nigel told me to get into my bunk
g'nite from inside the sandcrawler
lmaoooooo! i'm still gonna be on here all the damn time.
sigh same and i'll still be so behind
i'm serious man. our secondary is bad. especially sean smith.
i only saw the 4th quarter. d could've easily picked that last tip that resulted a touchdown
what is this veep comedy series that won best comedy at the emmy's. anybody watch it? worth getting?
yes... it's good.
when were the last wars fought before kargil? some of us do miss indira gandhi at times like this
the last wars were territory stabilization wars which happens with any new state.
not even here to argue politics: this is just shit logic. children are nave.
not even here to argue politics,but just happens to own bleeding ox. sorry, toots.
there was a rat found too
add some seasoning and you straight b
they didn't get the memo that this was a democratic primary, but blamed their ignorance on fraud.
i think that's why i hate bs most. he energized the youth w no civic education. and then blamed it on dems.
giants q&amp;a: why didn't mcadoo go for td late? via
its 100% the right call to kneel three times and kick. not sure how anybody could argue for the td (brees or otherwise)
you just mad i make more then ya daddy
you get fucked in ass how stretched is your shit? you just a twink ass bitch
considered that maybe the 3rd parties are siphoning votes from the gop? have you seen the polls in ultra conservative ut?
that is largely bc trump is not a christian in any manner.
pretty bored. might start a sensitive hot dude twitter account and collect some soccer mom nudes.
you'll attract the gahys
8bitguy did a great teardown/restore of a personal fave toy, the armatron. almost all mechanical, inspiring design.
that was a favorite of mine, to! my grandfather gave me his.
i think my 7 comes in tomorrow
mine barely got shipped today
they're better than fitz. again this isn't hard
and everyone knew seattle was gonna lose this week. i hope you are a rich man with confidence like that
grandma plugged 2 times today
you fucked ur grandmas pussy even tho ur gay?
if love &amp; hip hop is not your favorite show on television, we really have nothing to talk about
i missed your ratchet tweets
these katy pics are life
who tf is katy
nah she's wit me
fight fight fight
lmaoooooo! i'm still gonna be on here all the damn time.
are you gonna watch this is us?
so mad these only come in girls
you're gay who does matter
man. ben heeney had a bad game. he already is losing ground as the starter. i was excited to see cory james get in
out of control when any offense can walk down &amp; hit the same wr 3time in row to score.think head coach
lmao you'd be proud of me actually
link up wednesday
where can i get a pair of these
at the gay bar
he is drinking with paul and nic like he is at a bar with his besties , he should blowing their friggin games up !
there are many things he could do to better his chances he baked on both taking him to final 2 but he woke up today shook
technology is (guns are) not the problem. how some people use it (them) is.
i do not agree with the implied relationship. guns are literally explosive vs minecraft is entirely fictional
the last wars were territory stabilization wars which happens with any new state.
bangaladesh 1971 was the last big war where indian army helped bangaldesh to win freedom.
morning all
hi hope you have a great start to your week
no, kurian said they have anonymized access to create a giant pool.
oh my, wonder how their first customer feels about that :)
kate, amy, tina, julia, jeffrey, and aziz all won emmys tonight. my comedy loving heart has grown three sizes too big.
did you hear me thank you in my speech, dill?
i needa catch up
i know who died and who killed who and who was pregnant
i have tried making the same gauntlet-gantlet point to colleagues. i've been roundly ignored.
...today i learned a new word for a former english major should be embarrassed but it was the 60's and i missed
damn somebody is looking like they really happy to be on the show..
- i was for about a minute!
i can't see it honestly she want move here for sure.
i can't either but time will tell for james sake i hope i'm wrong
this jet lag is incredible. it's 1am and i am alert, awake and ready to take on the world
yup. the jet lag i got coming back from croatia a month ago was rough too. ugh.
samoa hit by hail storm so rare residents thought it was a hoax
tbh if it snowed in the bay area we'd think the same thing.
sounds as horrible as
it is a nightmare!!! it's also unbelievable. and disgusting. corporate america for you. don't care about ppl only $$$.
we all need those nights sometimes
seriously lol need again
out of control when any offense can walk down &amp; hit the same wr 3time in row to score.think head coach
could allow that to happen over &amp; over.
bro when you going to the fair ??
after sex photo ? who fucked who
wrong wrong wrong wrong
i'm the super plug
i have tried making the same gauntlet-gantlet point to colleagues. i've been roundly ignored.
that lesson lol
yes i didn't mind corey by himself. he was hurt james didn't keep him. but he didn't talk to james.
yeah he should oftalked to james
sorry to hear about your aunt, terra. we hope she makes a full recovery. will you dm us her name and confirmation code?
i am disgusted at this customer service experience. you need to provide sensitivity training to staff.
breaking: new details on on-going questioning of persons possibly tied to chelsea bombing; suspected bomb in eliz nj
it could be one suspicious package containing 3 bombs. isn't that what they found at the charity run too?
i'm still hot that kanye west albums wasn't our hoco theme. its a great fucking idea.
any reason you can think of as to why it wouldnt work , i had an argument for. dont @ me on this
i know this team. when you actually watch sports and understand shit it increases the probability of getting it right
i'll give it a try
u know u work too much when u have no food and the reason being not cus u dont have the money jus cus u dont have the time to.
i swear i had a piece of bread in a 3 day time period because i was so busy.
i just ate pizza. right there with you... i told myself the race made me earn it haha
also ate pizza. i didn't even leave the house today.
i agree with you if you can assume equal justice for all under the law. i suspect harry gets special considerations
oh, nobody is going to see the jail time. the democratic party is so corrupt. i'm done with the party after 20 years.
capaldi is acting, but only somewhat. i think he really does have a streak that angry in him.
capaldi was lovely in local hero. dangerous liaisons too.
thank you, maura!
you're welcome, lou!
fallon should have hosted the emmys. kimmel wasn't good.
maybe when nbc has it on again maybe he'll do it again. but at least we'll have the golden globes!
it's buhz i'm one years old yaddadimean
fam u not finna believe what video i have of cristian that's golden af
the composition of that photo is amazing! as to what is actually going on in the photo...i'm not really sure.
it had nothing at all with trying to save me from smells he produced...
i changed.... a lot *dj khaled voice*
so you more petty than before
bangaladesh 1971 was the last big war where indian army helped bangaldesh to win freedom.
we have always won wars but wars have changed but today it won't be war with pak it will be with china 2
i'm aware of trump &amp; i'm also aware of clinton. i'd vote for 1 if i thought there weren't better options. fortunately there are
i mean, are you voting johnson bc he's the best option or bc he's running as an l? if the latter, how is that a stand, really?
hug i thought everything in pokedex currently is available to catch now, and the newer ones aren't in the pokedex yet?
yep, 145 are available now. they will probably unleash the legendaries sometime soon but at this time that is the most you can do.
shoutout to for the swimming trunks
fuck is this gay boi
henry: 10 bucks she makes apple pie for the dessert round
emma: 20 bucks she wins with it
thanks for organising such an awesome lan party in mumbai
wow, looks amazing! good showing
oh no i'm out of top ramen
guess you'll have to do with bottom ramen that's topped with toenail clippings and lint.
he wouldn't hesitate to shit talk nat, though. he hated her more than nicole.
he wouldnt do it though with just james he knows james loves her
do any reporters that follow me want to tell me what the fuck is going on and why i live on this train now
suspicious package believed to be pipe bomb(s) discovered at train station in elizabeth, n.j.
omg! is she ok?!
no! broken ribs. cracked head. is trying to milk us for more $ so we can get her home for continued care.
90% of all dbs are installed by hand according to . use scripts, goddammit
no, please no! not scripts! 9am tomorrow morning at ...
things i've noticed about monument kids: y'all keep the same fckn friends into college and don't care to make any new ones like lemme rant
y'all like don't step outside your comfort zones or express any want or need to and i think that's real messed up. like please
even though my fam has helped tremendously i went through many traumas alone and survived stronger than ever
many times we are flawed and falling apart can be the only way to put ourselves back the right way. you sound great to me.
do any reporters that follow me want to tell me what the fuck is going on and why i live on this train now
where are you stopped?
huge thanks to &amp; for being such strong, smart, powerful, &amp; positive voices. appreciate what u say &amp; how u say it.
god, that i can be in the same tweet as jane...i am humbled. she has taught me for 4 years now. changed my life.
jenny: oh yeah monica is gonna do that con me: who's monica
i'm part of the problem
yes! i hope it doesn't get cancelled. lol.
i'll be on top of rating sites everyday lol i don't think it will unless it really bombs.. but its gotten good reviews
we shall see my friend, just wait for the debates, i think trump will fold up like a tent.
she sure didn't do well when that naval officer asked her about her e-mail fuckups.
should've stayed your ass home then
lmfaooo i make a lot of bad decisions
yes... we need to perhaps rebisit the "unstablr" territories &amp; make it happen again in the neighbourhood
yep think pm modi tried to do it with balochistan .
tbh corey wasn't that bad, he even told james to talk to nat after their fight
yes he was more supportive
i hate when people older than me try to associate their age with knowing how to do everything the "right" way.
if you're 30+, still paying off school loans and working a job you hate or causing you live check to check, what can you tell me?
a little bit of for you...
no but don't they just get pissed off and eat them???
more seriously is add the cost of adding additional abstractions to code base often outweighs its added efficiencies
error propagation alone is usually enough to justify an async abstraction like promises or observables
let me tell you something: from 6 years of dealing with "let me speak to your manager..." i know when &amp; how to get results.
i just hope it doesn't have to get that far tomorrow when i call customer service. i just really don't need this right now.
(mostly because i want him in tights)
same but with mccree.
headphones with loud music :)
i was wayyyy too tired to eve. do that lol
i got a homeboy (straight)..dat opens doors for everybody including me.when we met and became homies 11 yrs ago.it was weird af to me lol
that's a good ass friend
thank you
you're welcome xo
y'all like don't step outside your comfort zones or express any want or need to and i think that's real messed up. like please
a lot of you guys have some bad, very degrading thoughts and personalities. and in college/life you're supposed to expand your boundaries???
lmaoo chinos be a dub too they nasty quin sabe what's in that
that good shit is in that fym, mad bougie on the tl smh
so much love for you all
cant wait to teach you some cheers!
why would you wanna marry me for anyhow?
how's ur credit
tough loss all we can do is shake it off and get ready for next week..
keep sean smith away from the game.
i didn't know keri washington was pregnant again.
i juuuuuust thought that!
signed my old iphone 6s &amp; giving it away on snapchat. add justin3lau &amp; snap me anything to enter!
gonna find some way to look at all your old photos in your phone;)
dude, if it's not raining and the temperature is over 40, the top is down on my miata.
wanted to make a complication that shows a car icon with top up or down based on weather.. but it would always be down. :-)
my gosh girl! you're amazing
so there you have it! :)))
the fact that i have 4 classes tomorrow makes me soooo sad !
and all i can do is whine bc i did this to myself
yes... we need to perhaps rebisit the "unstablr" territories &amp; make it happen again in the neighbourhood
the world has changed in the last 20 years,china is the big power now, we haven't heard from china
the scotus hangs in the balance
and why is the media not talking about this??? hmmmmm....
sorry not sorry
shut up bitch
peep this fit
i see you gettig ready for the gay bar
i don't think there's anything recent out there.
thx! wondering how much time they spend on activities other than actual games; eg gym, replay study, custom maps, off-race games
realizing that at 29 all my friends abandoned me and now that i'm 33 its all but impossible for me to make new ones
your so young and real friends will always find a way into your life.
for all my friend asking me for advices !!! get your money right first , stop asking for advices...
ah man. love it. lol. this is why i gotta do a call-in podcast show with dr. luna giving advice! :)
keep sean smith away from the game.
he's embarrassing us .
that's what i mean. he reminds me of how lil meech looks out for james tbh.
yeah lol but lil meech just cant find away to love nat
a lot of you guys have some bad, very degrading thoughts and personalities. and in college/life you're supposed to expand your boundaries???
like cmon dudes you are in college chill go find some new friends and like start your life. don't stay in high school with the same people
phony people like phony people
they here in nyc too espcailly
it could be one suspicious package containing 3 bombs. isn't that what they found at the charity run too?
also, it looks like the daily news updated their story. now just refers to single suspicious package.
ladies, what should i watch on netflix instead of sleeping or doing homework?
a single man or roman holiday
i wish there was an after's in fullerton &lt;/3
that is literally the best place ever omg
love siggy but not every situation is a dr. phil moment needing analysis, she wasn't brought on to be floating mediator was she?
- i agree. i just really wanted to help. this is too much for me and i would much rather stay out of this!
wife and i have literally binged watched since discovering a week ago
the next logical step is to take this highly scientific buzzfeed quiz (our team's obsessed!)
correct me if i'm wrong but i seem to remember major reason bernie lost is obama coalition. hi cornell!
oh that last part made me laugh.
im having fun doing cartoon series &amp; cd. chaz is really loving 1yr on american horror,but character is so scary
woke up with my leg and saw this paul yaaaaas
sorry your team lost but hope you had a dope bday
we took that l lol but thank you so much
only seven more days til reo speedwagon
did you lose a bet?
yes... we need to perhaps rebisit the "unstablr" territories &amp; make it happen again in the neighbourhood
indias policy with japan vs china would come to play here to. inexperienced folks are ruling it .
when journalists observe folks like pence, trump and others straight out lying during interviews, why do they not just cut the interview?
they are apart of the lie. the same media that pushed the lie of iraq having wmd's.
happy birthday to the only angle i know
awe thank you
try the glam glow products they're amazing
i want to try it i've heard great things
my favorite picture.
love the i love lucy dress. cute. classy. and sexy.
no label 2 is best migos album
that's a bold statement
today lang pala inunfollow eh..don't mess with my girl, or else..haha!
matindi kasi today din yung hanash alam na this. trololol
couple retweets &amp; i'll drop on sound tonight
go tune n w my soundcloud n a second
i could have sworn someone on tv said he was 6' 2" and 267 lbs. then next day it was 236??
graphic i posted is random reddit guy same height(6'2)as trump. clearly he's between 262 and 360.
like cmon dudes you are in college chill go find some new friends and like start your life. don't stay in high school with the same people
my point is that most monument kids need to grow up and like expand their minds, not settle for a high school life. rant over okay gn
loving yourself isn't easy and having "friends" criticizing you 24/7 ain't healthy either.
constructive criticism is helpful tho
wow! were you trying to find out if there was a limit or having that many tabs open is part of your regular browsing habits?
i think it's unlimited. i had actually deleted some before capturing that screen.
it mentions her rather dying at the bottom of the article.
that sentence was added after the piece was published, once she said her father died.
you gay ass fake ass profile
you tried it faggot boy get back to gay tinder , grindr and getting fucked in the asshole by your boys
look forward to the results
the jets are 3 only point dogs in kc this weekend. you got some money to make
that's fucking gross
you're fucking gross
so why does your pride make you run and hide
are you that afraid of me ?
happy birthday lauren!! hope u had a very special day! hap is so fun
aw thanks love ya audrey hap is great with you:))
we basically murder aaron everyday in 5th lmao (love u though, brother)
nah we murder him in 3rd. he's buried in 5th lol
my bad *one of the best
it's top 5 for sure
(_) &lt;) ) yay new / \ (_) \( (&gt; iphone / \ (_) &lt;) )...ooops / \
the struggle is real.
they don't call me renegade for nothing!
i just figured it was due to your refusal to wear pants.
yea lol it's ur bday weekend though so i feel it
yeah gotta show up and show out i guess lol
lmao i just remembered ?? that school is a thing ?????? im dying squirtle
why are u dying "squirtle"
we basically murder aaron everyday in 5th lmao (love u though, brother)
but fr tho aaron i don't love you enough
hug i thought everything in pokedex currently is available to catch now, and the newer ones aren't in the pokedex yet?
by the way some are continent specific limited: mr. mime (eu), farfetch'd (asia), kangaskhan (australia) and tauros (namerica)
why is nickname "snacks?" that should be sebathia's. or is it still capn crunch?
i guess david ortiz name is fruity pebbles
i drive on the belt almost every day multiple times a day- i love 5 minutes from there- way too close to home
word i live right on the first exit near the pier
tell us how you support your child with a learning or attention issue, and you may win one of max's mugs!
with patience and i have a program using a mirror
i'm glad my first official time rooting for a team and the win
you have a prescient gift, my friend. we gotta go to vegas so you help me make my picks ';)$
if you spend enough time with someone, eventually you'll discover that we are all horrible people. - inspirational
except those who do laundry, and know how to cook ~
it's been a rough 1 in a half years. rip tio luis, rene, and adam. along with my grandpa lino and bermudez
sorry for your loss
after watching that game, it was fitting.
that kind of day lol
not everything is a lesson, sometimes you just fail and that's life
everything is a lesson my g, even failures. learn from everything!
why do you hate me smh
leave my friend alone rachel
is clare danes tan a secret sign of who she supports. got some donald trump vibes.
thank you for this! such a bad spray tan haha
also - looked to see if my old livejournal still exists and thank god i deleted it at some point.
i think mine might still exist... but i made it private and now i don't know how to get to it
i was born ready buhz
wow cuhz it doesn't let me post
lmao crazy af game truly ain't nothing lyrically
lyrically game nicer but as far as the diss go meek got em on this but it ain't over yet lets see where it goes
someone stop me from inflecting upwards at the end of sentences while speaking languages that aren't english
while making this face
eww. in these pictures but twins 4life
what you mean ew? we're cuuute
some lady told me to keep it down at the hall &amp; oats concert. old lady clearly have issue with the octave of my voice.
you'd think it would be younger people with excellent hearing who would have the problem :)
nice work &amp; great meeting u via ! pls see if our ( is useful 4 u.
thank you, ! will do!
people downing for being positive &amp; wanting to do what she can to mend a family have me perplexed.
- thank you jules. i was just trying to help. i'm staying out of it but pray that one day this family comes together!
follow vanity fair's full list of winners for the latest updates
damn, i was like a warrior in there
i cant wait to see live music w you i cant wait to hug you
same here just think this is only the beginning
i just wrote "ozypandias" instead of "ozymandias" and now i have a pitch for pixar
make it a red panda. 10x the cuteness, about a third of the size.
hey instagram has 3d touch support! what quick options do i definitely want... oh.
its an os thing, not an instagram choice.
hey instagram has 3d touch support! what quick options do i definitely want... oh.
i think that's baked into ios. every app can now be shared.
this is embarrassing for me to share but tonight i went to the grocery store and there were no avocados and i literally wept on the floor
i've given it a lot of thought and it wasn't an easy decision but i've decided to move back to ca where travesties like this don't happen
i need a php developer to join me on a custom website platform project. contact me if your interested.
please give us a call : 212.209.1537 to discuss further about your requirements!
son was in manhattan yesterday and on the train in nj today. he's fine but jesus, way to get mothers worried sick.
frigin scary out there,but"they're"trying to make it so. not buying it! my teen girls at school outta the city&amp;bomb close2me
oh the aa is open??
oh no not yet we were just talking about it
shouldve put the poop emoji over my face
you cant say that bc we're twins..
i love this
shut up. don't be an instigator
this bodysuit tho
sorry not sorry
my main (and only) roommate just bailed on me for twitchcon.
dis why i always fly solo
bitch come over
ughh i want to but ur an hour away
i thought player had to get back inbounds for so many seconds ? idk
if a player is forced out of bounds, he can get back into play.
not bool, not bool at all
gotchu thru text tho cuhz so we good
my essay is due in 2 hours and i'm half way done
you'd finish faster if you weren't on twitter
who knows what to believe anymore we get lied to so much.
no arrests made. fear of terror cell in nyc area nyc and nj another one in elizabeth nj
anyone rent a room using ?
yeah i use it constantly all over the world. apprehensive? don't be. i love it.
"i will take it as an insult to my legacy" -obama obama u have no legacy u will be erased from history
looks to me like someone's head has become oversized
you better let me know if i can help, here. i'm on your side.
thank you. helped me no questions asked. even let me off the plane. not so much.
my hangout place for the next couple of days cc (@ shack15)
cool &gt;&gt;": my hangout place for the next couple of days cc
yeah, trump is definitely over 300.
i am close to some lovely large men, go shopping for one. i know my large men. ; - &gt;
prod of you!
thanks!! i can't wait to cross that finish line!
love siggy but not every situation is a dr. phil moment needing analysis, she wasn't brought on to be floating mediator was she?
not nice to say. i am not being nasty. i just think she means well with all she does. why find fault in good?
my bf is forsure trying to get me drunk rn
drunk sex is the best that's why i c u
thank you!!
your welcome anytime sydney!
because you broke .. and rob ain't .
but that could of been me. i'm going to write a letter asking for a dan test from her
you're probably one of the funniest people i follow bc we have the same humor. shoutout to you bro.
thanks cody :)
how is tyler today?
he's doing pretty good. he was mad at me yesterday &amp;slept under a bush and not in his house so i had to worry. alls well now
after 26-11 manmohan singh discussed options against pak &amp; concluded little could be done. hope comes to different conclusion.
i hope you people don't take a u turn later &amp; criticize the goi. if u doves has little shame left
anyone rent a room using ?
2nd read... i haven't rented out a room, i only rent myself
lol so question if i post this on fb am i tagging you two? &lt;.&lt; &gt;.&gt;
you're free to post it just done tag me because my grandma might see it and &gt;.&gt;"
our goal is to win the world series but we don't want to make the playoffs.
we can make the playoffs every year, if you don't win the chip then what... be happy u made the playoffs lol
breaking: new york times columnist robert draper is retarded
that is a great avatar, mofo
uhh, carolina's turnovers set the 49ers offense up with short fields over and over again.
gabbert missed a number of throws. accuracy a big problem.
agree lorena - great to meet you yesterday.
nice to meet you too, ! pls don't forget to pass on my message ;)
im sure none of u care but sleep no more is an interactive theatre performance which means there are people performing but you participate
in the show(basically) and snm is a show about macbeth that is slightly modernized. what i mean by that is its the same characters and the
except for those tacos
they bomb huh!
why are siggy and jacqueline getting in the middle when they don't know the whole story and aren't involved?
- we were just trying to help. sad but now i know
i expected these pictures......... ily
i'm sure u will return the favor in december
oh that last part made me laugh.
i'm sure brother cornell would call me sister, and a few other things. :)
lmao yo get outta here bruh
she still single lol ?? talk to meee
i wish there was a fat tuesday here
i wish for that all da time
i was just talking to my sister about unfriending people on facebook. sometimes you gotta step back.
yes definitely! i've been pruning my instagram list because it's just out of hand. i'm also feeling tired of it
nobody is controlling your freedom. get that?
you're telling us feelings over facts.very sad world.
was gonna say catastrophe is worth debating too. but i'd still say that ep has heart and depths the others don't reach
tbh the whole show has heart and artfulness the others don't
miami probably has a larger population of muslims.than cleveland. just a guess.
i wasn't thinking about that. i was just thinking about him not leaving the area so he can keep the visa.
the only hugs i know how to give
ajsjfkglflsbshfifjrn ur so kind and pure
yo i literally made the same joke earlier and you loved it
because. once was funny. twice is dochey
haven't received a snap wym????
you left me on read like a month ago fym
reading the lyft manifesto... had no idea that the ferry building in sf used to be blocked by an elevated freeway!
yeah, like a million times better now
yeah it's just really dumb
i think part of that was making the force touch consistent on every app, make at least one thing show for each app...
in the show(basically) and snm is a show about macbeth that is slightly modernized. what i mean by that is its the same characters and the
same plot but it's in like the early 1900s anyways, its based in an abandoned 6 story hotel. every floor is a different theme and
i've gotten in the bad habit of online shopping while in traffic
noooo i used to hate online shopping now every time i think of something ridiculous i want somehow the internet has it!
you gotta be in the dance. isn't that what the wild card is for coz mattingly kept coming up short?
mattingly was a bum! yeah i said it... a bum!!!
you might need some steamed rice, tuna, &amp; nori sheets also...
sheets? &lt;passes lumpia&gt;three for you ten for you
still need internet connection though and seemingly nothing much better out there?
we have webpass in the city. works a treat for internet only
hopefully that's soon. it's been too long since he's hosted. yea you're right!
i think nbc has it again in 2018...not totally sure...but yeah they go by what network it's on for who hosts every year so...
i know this is an ios 10 thing, but it's super silly to mandate by default esp for an app like insta
i wonder if apple mandated it in part so that every app icon could be 3d-touched. unlike ios 9, where many didn't respond.
you right i didn't think of that
danny's in the middle
i've never seen rock horror picture show and i need someone to take me to one of those places where they show it at halloween.
come to santa cruz!!!!! its amazing everyone dresses up and sings along. its one of my faves.
you can power through this niko, we believe in you
i honestly don't think i can
honestly my goal in life is to make enough money to tell my family/friends to quit their jobs and come live with me
you're such a talented hard working person, you're gonna make it big someday steven
hey instagram has 3d touch support! what quick options do i definitely want... oh.
i'm pretty sure every app has that.
my 80 year-old grandma just asked me to make her a twitter so she can tweet at politicians, lmao no
my dad said he want to be called mrmoppy
and now they can't even get a spot in the wc that was invented to benefit them
we just did what you guys did &amp; break down the team... we will be in the world series soon enough
v can feel a tad too message-y for my tastes but its so brutally effective that i don't really dock points on it
have you seen the movie?
hmmm,something happened with you this year
still a good person dont like the personal game by people
my nails are still short as all hell, but i can actually see a bit of the free edge o them and it makes me happy in my soul.
here's to hoping by the end of the year that they are strong, healthy, and most importantly long.
congratulations on a very successful conference!
thank you! we were delighted to see so many !
lax is a nightmare.
word &amp; i thought jfk was bad lol
ima have to start bringing some shit with me to work on the weekends
u gon become an alchy
b'wood celebs have offered condolences to families of martyrs &amp; demanded strong action against attackers
let the b'wood start this initiative as responsible industry.boycott all porkis artist in india.isolate them
wait real quick, is my pinned tweet correct? i'm like pretty sure it's not
hahaha!!! "donde esta mi gente!?" ...but your energy is spot on
i know and, afp is out more then likely so no win , probably no girl , he is going to be hurting
yes i got my people to vote james but its hard to rally support this year which makes me sad
isn't that true. you think you'd stomp on a funny looking, crimson worm if you saw it.
the master is a simple parasite plain and simple. an easy kill, but his spawn can go on
why is it that so many reports show "hit the gas instead of brake" when driver says otherwise?
police tries to intimidate victims who have already gone through deadly ride of terror.
watch: cnn's tapper hammers christie for falsely claiming trump wasn't pushing birther issue
gee curious how attacks are only in nyc and nj. connection here???
right. they actually don't throw at amerson as much which is good. but these struggles can't continue. no pass rush is killing us!
right.no pressure.on dline.i hear u too of my homies beat each others ass after game because there tired of losing.
i play on the highest sens and my thumbs are god like. idk which is more bomb, my accuracy or my pussy
how is ur puss accurate? which has more confirmed kills? does ur puss have a scope? does it have perks? can it level up? zombies?
nasa deep space networks gets 3mb/s upload from mars. with on a good day at my house, i am 0.9mb/s.
should ask to help them scale to meet customer demand
you can do this, i have faith in you.
i will try to power through but if i can't, catch me back in cali binge eating avos till i die
yes definitely! i've been pruning my instagram list because it's just out of hand. i'm also feeling tired of it
instead of working on my site, i'm procrastinating by taking photos of future stuff
the glamorous life covering the
great photo! have a great night guys!
looking for a good web design firm
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
what the heck is "swesr" ?? smh brenda
im telling you dude.. i need to check my spelling before i send it !
"...cisco, intel, and facebook are dinosaurs...basically 30 &amp; 40 yr olds..." fascinating discussion in sf w eric - lawyer &amp; hedge f mgr
hi rodrigo - would love to meet if you are in the city next week
you're losing it. good night. "we can make the playoffs every yr" but we don't want to.
who said they don't want to, your trippin lol
rachel hates me incase you guys didnt know that
just say wrestling isn't a sport and your good
hey, relive the fun of srccon in portland this year, with this amazing short video. yayyyyy:
omg guys i miss this so much!
wat the fuck
lol i'm sorry. you were right. i did remember you after a second
except getting rid of c-style for loops. that was purely academic and nerd rage/superiority complex imo :)
similar to the headphone jack, we should remove stuff in programming languages that has lost any purpose or value.
my parents got vince a legit sword from spain and i got a kitkat my dad bought in the spanish airport, guess you could say i'm the favorite
you got a rager while they were gone. but honestly i'd rather have the sword still
*tweets this as a bad ting is laying on his chest*....teach me man
why do you can get badder tings?!
only if our niners woulda won today
dude the bay took an l today
the electricity for august is off the charts. what the hell happened?
wife bought a curling iron? cat mining bitcoins?
has the bro code urinal rule ever been put in a book? because i think it needs to be immortalized. you know what i'm talking about.
what are the rules bro?
don't rock with too many hoes cause bitches be actin iffy
i'm bout it and i can vouch for anybody rockin with me
probablly thats a power of a10 fusion.
it doesn't seem to happen on my wife's 7 plus...
you mean einstein, right ?
of course. good catch sheila. i have amazon on the brain.
the really scary part is the possibility that they want it this way not just for click bait, but for validation of the wm pov.
possibility? i think that is fact.
i may need you to be more specific. this could be one of a thousand things.
there's a list a mile long; definitely need to narrow it down.
everyone in elizabeth, nj/nyc stay safe...
whats going on ?
even more lies from ...
that one is true though. powell did tell clinton about having her own email server. powell is a scumbag &amp; is owned by saudis
how i imagine your imessage inbox is like
but in white box form from ppl asking u not other way around
when the temperature drops below 80
cov after hours is a strange place
on what basis does fangraphs give the red sox a better chance of winning the world series than the cubs?
the nats and dodgers are projected to be better than the al competition the red sox will face.
wish a happy birthday bc i luv her and she's one of my favorite peasants at work but also bc i luv her
thank you luis, love you even when you tell me that i should wear victoria secret no show.
paul is not a good person.
i know hes made it personal lying is lying but hes slandering
it would have been nice to help ease the cost though. but yeah. at least i have the room to myself. kappa
i'm always willing to pay more to feel the most comfortable wherever i'm at
looking for a graphic designer for logo and web design work. hit me up!
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
i just spilled my apple cranberry juice all over me. what the hell
why u put this on my tl i hate you
traveling all over world to watch uswnt play- now reading her book forward. such an inspiration!
always gonna be my favorite player
it's okay. but if you don't watch orphan black first we can't be friends.
wants orphan black?
i wasn't thinking about that. i was just thinking about him not leaving the area so he can keep the visa.
i mean green card, not visa. i keep getting them mixed up.
must be hard being the third most important bad guy in a film. probably worse than being the fourth most important bad guy.
has the third bad guy ever survived?
and the company that produces the cleavage-shine makeup.
i know that stuff is mighty
yeah, that's sad even though dj hated press.
i got along great with dj
or maybe it's as real as 3 terrorist attacks in us in one weekyou sound nervous
yeah and there's a god too
nigger how?
sleep is gay
too funny: my stream overflowing w einstein while i watch use a chatbot to order new biz cards
i meant einstein of course.
tech bros only want money, and there is none (so far) in dealing with homelessness.
of course there is. there's huge money to be made in building way more housing to bring down costs.
twitter's become the gestapo. can u imagine what social media will b like under hrc?
under the un, that's first and soon!!
yeah hes leaving with bad memories &amp; an overdue cable bill
i have that all by myself.
wants orphan black?
i mean what's?
would eat mocho cream pie
mocho cream pais
*record scratch* *freeze frame* so you're probably wondering how i got here** **my coworker's porn blog
he's 18/male/submissive, into rps if he's being dominated and used, and into stuff like bondage, forced feminization, and a bit of furry
i have not seen a short film about killing. i'm merely going by the dekalog version aired on tv
right right, but then you have not had full blast and are therefore weak.
honestly the only thing getting me through all this homework is the shrek soundtrack
i love you more than anyone else
my name's karla and i took too many l's this weekend huhhhh
i love this challenge so much
i love this cat so much
feat. lexie's beautifully-lit hand
thanks for following! via
anytime adam have a good one my friend
did u not see it coming? i just said it made me spill my cran apple juice
i had no idea and now my heart wont stop pounding
dude i feel you!! i also can't spell definitely...seriously what would we do without auto correct
an sounding out is no help!
4/ we need to find a way to have a better diversity of things to do in palo alto and it starts with allowing local biz owners to thrive...
the bay area tech explosion is already detonated. stopping it in pa will be like trying to stop the wave of technology itself
video: elizabeth mayor speaks about a suspicious device. he is not ready for prime time.
what do you except. when i lived in newark the city of elizabeth motto was 'hey we're important too'
lmaooo which one? i was looking for the video and found the criner tweet
that criner one. i was thinking about it earlier during the game. fuck that was 3 years ago lol
thank you!!!
you're welcome it makes me so happy he made your whole fucking birthday also omg you taking shots
just watched and her hubby trying to take the nyc subway for the 1st time. i remember my 1st train experience was in japan.
a foreign country
yeah you know i dmd looks like i've got a bot writing me back. typical.
they have messed with the wrong woman! go get em pauley!!
i agree with you
but the drawback is that if puig does hit a homerun when he is 1st in the batting order, it eliminates the possibility of any rbis.
okay....and then what happened? ^^
then i kept playing. :p
1- very high % of . 2- low quality of education in urban areas &amp; (omissions)
the major problems the wanted changed 45 yrs ago are
edward snowden isn't a patriot - and doesn't deserve a pardon
respectfully disagree. if corruption is a true enemy to development, whistleblower advanced america's development.
if there's one thing people need to learn, it's this. if the polls are shitty, even 538's forecast will be tainted.
yes! white liberals love nate silver &amp; all i can say is he's an aggregator. if the underlying polls are bs so is he!
damn boo . first it was the baseball last year, now its football like damn george, is sports life? or death?
they life nothin gone stop me no matter what ill bounce back
it's my birthday wish this year to help kids fight lyme disease. join in and support. go to...
13 years went undiagnosed i know the pain. hmu if you need someone to help you talk about it.
maybe because he came back so soon instead of waiting but, his true fans still think he is the best..
i love james some of his game moves puzzled me a bit lol but i never stopped loving and supporting him and defending him
i just read that they recovered a package &amp; shut down the station? did the authorities set off the device?
they havent said
if you have ios10 download the "imoji" stickers thru ur imessage and you can make them of ur face!!
this is epic - texting game is strong.
don't count the days, make the days count because counting is infinite but your life isn't -evelyn olazaba
when you quote yourself , my cousins a badass
he's 18/male/submissive, into rps if he's being dominated and used, and into stuff like bondage, forced feminization, and a bit of furry
i recommended the song "venus in furs" to him
honestly i think my girlfriend does drugs.
marsha wouldn't need bed time stories to put you to sleep
asians, african-americans, women, gays, a middle easterner. the most diverse major awards show ever.
&amp; i missed it
is it a refusal to connect or do they prefer other channels?
they im to each other but as for revealing anything about themselves they are reluctant to do so.
if you want to consider steve buscemi the "third bad guy" in con air (which i don't because he's not) then...maybe?
he's sort of the fourth good guy despite his sorrid past.
i just read that they recovered a package &amp; shut down the station? did the authorities set off the device?
coach is stuck on a train
to normal. edits interview to help her attack trump video
ultra-left wing cover-up continues...
stoney out
check out my avi, lemme get a follow
"playoffs?" we don't need no stinking playoffs
maybe ur not understanding what i wrote but, i forgot your a redsox fan lol they don't understand much
he's 18/male/submissive, into rps if he's being dominated and used, and into stuff like bondage, forced feminization, and a bit of furry
1st 5 reblogs are milfs in cars, and then a whole lot of overwatch hentai from there
it's hard being with those women isn't it??
- that is the cutest baby! yes..it's hard. wait until you see vermont trip! the drama just never ends!!!
such a demanding fianc!!
i mean i'll also be funemployed so i could meet you halfway wherever that is... kansas?
i need more friends into makeup.. why is my best friend a dyke with perfect skin
she really doesn't have a pore in sight that cunt
someone recently said mexican music pre-1970s was all rural. someone never listened to agustn lara/los panchos...
i grew up with eydie gorme and trio los panchos
i just seen anthony's pics on fb lol. it's one of my faves!
i always get sad when the babies grow out of their cutest outfits
facebook, looking for a web designer, who do y'all know???
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
tomorrow i'm forcing you to snap me back
omg i meant to respond and say i literally use craigslist and that's it lol
i wish, beyonc could get a text back
umm should've just called
looking for a web designer !!
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
how in the world?
it was a thinner serving spoon and i was washing it and i guess i pressed it into my finger?? idk lol
this is why we stand you wanna protest?find another way. start by growing up-stop acting like entitled idiots!
colin,u owe r precious military an apology.
i definitely cosign all of this. conventional wisdom is woefully underestimating the civic engagement and voting power of poc.
thank you two. this media and polling rollercoaster is stressing the absolute shit out of me. women&amp;poc got this
yeah but 49ers roster has had an incredible number of holes
those "holes" come from baalke's busts and guys who are injured coming into rookie year
tomorrow i'm forcing you to snap me back
you better stop being scared bitch just use it
cool i'm done with work today so i guess i'll ... get ... ready for bed. cooooool cool.
dude, sleep is so good, though.
tonight: "there's a reason why we haven't had a woman prez. we as a society still grapple with what it means to see powerful women.
because our "tough guy" mentality is actually masculine insecurity at it's core. hrc in the wh will raise the us intellect.
sweet dreams my loves
nighty night beautiful (:
leah went apple picking today so now we have a huge brown bag full of apples in our dorm
coming over tmm to borrow some
really, if you want both of mine, that's totally fine. (if you want em while i'm gone, can let you into the garage)
: well, i already know what i should be working on while you're away xd
you dumb as hell thats what's funny
that's why you was out of lights.
i'd give it something edgier than stars. i give it 3 full gallons of semen and 4 drenched tampons all draped on a crucifix
edgy? we've all done bible camp arts and crafts.
y'all heard it here folks
go suck a dick or something
i wanna go but then i see the line
fuck it lets camp out
a passing glance thomas pollock anshutz, 1900
she looks like she has gas
- i agree. i just really wanted to help. this is too much for me and i would much rather stay out of this!
i can only judge from what i've seen and there was no one more vicious to teresa then the wakiles. absolutely vicious
a month babe a month
can i third wheel the pizza one
this is some next level dabbing
we were way more dabolous
i posted a new photo to facebook
why not post directly to twitter?
yes!! i totally spell them wrong because i do that but then i didn't know how to spell them so i have to do that hahaha
haha!! your done for. can't spell it. try and sound it out and still can't spell it. i feel you.
but i'm not an asshole. i've got some class to not shove your face in the joke. you continue to dig through the garbage like a pig.
this would be funnier if it weren't just a call back to a tweet i already made. anyway. bored now.
i'm the type to send you cheesy imoji stickers all day lol
us too... ;)
sometimes it feels like siggy is constantly auditioning for her own talk show, which is something i would watch the fuck out of
- lol!!! having a talk show would be a hell of lot easier than dealing with these relationships. wait until vermont!
don't disrespect bong marley with a niner lighter
nah more like blessing it
isn't that true. you think you'd stomp on a funny looking, crimson worm if you saw it.
dr goodweather would likely try to kill the worm with a baby shoe but only after a lecture, reading it's rights and a warning
i don't want to block him because i like sending him hate on occasion.
yup that's right
i think i've posted this before but a long time ago: what things bother most servers but don't bother you?
when customers insist on sitting at a dirty table. grinds my gears!
i am looking for a website designer and also a graphic designer.
we have good experience in website/graphic design. our portfolio: email: leads.com
i think it feels affective in that we are shaping the product we want and socializing a new image of normal
true&amp;im totally 4 that. i just think we've decided everything is "liberating" &amp; have romanticized true issues by doing this
colin,u owe r precious military an apology.
hd privilege 2 snd a greeting 2 ww11 vet
you are right
fav hot pocket?
trying to find some weed to smoke. it's a difficult task
the entire hotel smells like weed lol
i've been obsessed with this video and i just... really need someone to learn that dance at the end with me.
this is the most memable music video that i've never seen anyone meme. are you seeing bon iver in october?
lol..&amp; he damn sure aint leaving with much pride either
danielle lied and cried all of last season. she got what she had coming.
mike pence's top 7 most homophobic moments:
pence does not gays, does not like women or minorities. another one of the phony evangelicals.
vote for a third party is literally a vote for rupturing the lives of millions of people
probably the most important thing obama will say this year
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
she's promoting her own bday? sad....
&amp; are a breath of fresh air,i really like them both&amp; really feel bad for &amp;
- thank you annie!
my new baby boi wait until i get his ears clipped
full blooded doberman stud his name is messiah
that's the best movie. "karen... it's me"
it's insane that i've never seen it. i remember when it came out my babysitter said it was crazy!
man my grandma's (passed on to her by my great-grandma, still had the privilege of eating those) cottage cheese and buckwheat
my grandma on the other side comes from a menonite household and makes verenika... sort of similar... so good. i need that.
get the imoji app and you can make your own emojis go prosper
do it, dan!
next time you're in town, i'll have to take you on a seattle culinary tour.
my kind of place.
best browser add-on ever: an "unpaywall" command that gets me instant access to paywalled research papers
is this our russian friend?
the have surpassed all my expectations today.
this tweet was made before it all fell apart
9: i'm not sure whether trump is a bigger misogynist or racist. but being sat down by a strong black woman was more than he cld handle.
yes i can see him kicking &amp; punching walls screaming she touched he who she think she is not letting me talk.i'll fix her
please forward me celebs and outlets that need to be in dya from tonight
i mean this one is a "smile ladies"
pierogi were the best, man.
i made decent ones before but i think they were total fakes. shoot me a real recipe!
but the drawback is that if puig does hit a homerun when he is 1st in the batting order, it eliminates the possibility of any rbis.
but there's also the possibility that there will be runners on base once the batter order repeats &amp; puig bats again that inning.
s/o to all the girls drinking mad water, eating right, working out, cleaning their makeup brushes, &amp; keeping a correct ph balance.
evan shut your fucking mouth
*eats whole pineapple in one sitting*
but this is actually so me
what mark says of manong says more of mark than of manong. sorry, i just had to. :))
he is probably well connected. as a pr head, his superior is keeping a blind eye on his "kapalpakan". oh well.
wine bars, and google, are entitled to pay any wages they wish to for talent. if other firms outbid them, oh well, fellow capitalists.
lately i've been wondering what will happen when low-wage workers can't even afford to live in commuting distance from sf
"game of thrones" 701 (synopsis): the great war between tv and film critics begins
it's going down 4real
i would hope the vine app
correct answer!!
we are looking for website designers. pleas email us at info.com for more info.
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
me: france sucks. i just don't wanna travel to the same places anymore, so boring carlos: karla there's people that are dying
u make broke jokes on the daily bitch boy
i dont even know if college is worth it
it is, hang in there
with an opening scene in which vincent price bitches about garlic having lost its pungency!
it's interesting because it has all the marking of a zombie film, but with vampires playing their role
i know you haven't i knew from last season how much you supported him and defended him.
yes and that hasn't changed i wish he never got involved with nat but i still have his back regardless
i'm happy you're still hopeful. that's one of the reasons we love you. please don't ever feel like an idiot for having hope.
that is what i said. angels walk among us and so far i think she just might be one of them.
why be proud of that faggotry?
proud to be called names by a lowlife..runs off my back
read how provides flexibility in the via
-siemens is certainly a great company.
but nate weights the polls by how they've done in the past
but he plays with the polls he gets. read the underlying data! :)
garlic chicken white pizza
.. carry on
i can only judge from what i've seen and there was no one more vicious to teresa then the wakiles. absolutely vicious
- i never watched past episodes. i only know this fact. family is very important &amp; it's sad what happened to this family
making their way, the only way they know how...
someday the mountain might get em....
tmrw's attire includes "bling"
medal monday!
looking for recommendations re: website designers. fave aesthetic: v. minimalist. thanks!
submit your details here:
i'll have to ask when i get back to poland, but the key ingredient is real ass polish cottage cheese.
same with verenika it takes these stupid specific mennonite ingredients.
where cause if she fine i wanna be numbuh 11
bro.... what are you doing? i'm number 11
i almost drunk texted someone tonight but didn't. can i get some type of reward or nah?
yes!!!!! i was gonna sober text..... award?
omg nooooo!!!!! do i need to come find him again?
i think he found a new home. i hope wherever he is he's happy
omg thanksgiving throwback
oh the feeeels
9: i'm not sure whether trump is a bigger misogynist or racist. but being sat down by a strong black woman was more than he cld handle.
sent him over the edge !!
stefon diggs owners right now...
even better is that i have kelvin benjamin, diggs &amp; tyrell williams after taking no wr for the first 3 rounds.
that is what i said. angels walk among us and so far i think she just might be one of them.
- i am far from any angel but i do love when everyone get's along especially family members!
covert versus overt war matter more here. india has way more in its arsenal . economy
war of words are effective for ex philipins duerte. power manifests in more dimensions
vote for a third party is literally a vote for rupturing the lives of millions of people
this is vintage obama, nailing the key point everyone needs to understand about what's at stake in this election
trippen that form is
gotta see this in person but i'll take your word for it
kane isn't even a zero he's a negative. he looks like a complete fucking tool. pence is the man
and you are impotent rampaging gad bag
theres so many people here
i'm in this
i'm actually real cute in person. i ain't gone front.
this what catfish ppl say fam
meek mill washed the game
that was terrible meek is
so true! love u both
- love you ladies!
looking for aspiring web designers &amp; graphic designers.
we have good experience in website/graphic design. our portfolio: email: leads.com
- i never watched past episodes. i only know this fact. family is very important &amp; it's sad what happened to this family
of course it is. i am only saying that i do understand why teresa did what she did. you are a joy to watch!!!
woke up to this amazing post &amp; first person to repost me
still need this look
silicon valley completes the opposite of a clean sweep!
i'm a fan tho and def not the only one . you guys r awesome and so is the show!.
and burn them all
why are you the way you are?
2 police seriously hurt in old city stabbing; assailant shot
shalom, my prayers r 4 the 2 police who were seriously hurt in old city stabbing &amp; 4 israel &amp; the u.s. times r ruff right now
looking for minecraft web designers/developers. pm me :)
submit your details here:
i almost drunk texted someone tonight but didn't. can i get some type of reward or nah?
yes!!! i was gonna sober text...... reward?
if you're a man who thinks it's ok to tell a woman what to do with her body.
i have always believed the choice was the woman's, last and foremost.
china was always strong. but we now have a consumer base too large for any brand to ignore + friends
exactly !! why should we alienate that "made with india" design in india is phenomenally good too .
it's interesting because it has all the marking of a zombie film, but with vampires playing their role
although omega's hippie death cult is the pretty awesome too
lotion makes my hands extra sweaty
i feel a connection on a spiritual level here
we've had the hgs make sushi and decorate cookies... it's your to start whipping up a late night snack! tweet a pic using + .
how about some chicken &amp; waffles.
i agree with you
i'm not sure i fully agree w/ myself! but i'll be most curious on who bats 1st, 2nd, 3rd, &amp; 4th, &amp; how soon the manager alters it.
best believe when my husband gets home from work there will be a hot bath and me in it waiting for him
what about dinner ?
everyone follow "hwooddreamstour" on snapchat for more free tickets
but what if i already bought tickets for your sf show
ye but how do you not run out of things to talk about?
idk, i recorded a video during it
i hope a little cucaracha comes out of there
i slap the filter of ya avi
every police union in us ought to support this. time for us to "freely express" cops need to take a knee on the nfl.
amen sheriff.
fuck it i'm wearing a strapless shirt tomorrow
aye twinsies??
what's yall problem lmaoooo
if it's over $100 i'll just go to tijuana
in russia, with 85% of votes counted: united russia on 54.27%, communists 13.55%, ldpr 13.31%, just russia 6.18%
-i think putin is upset by the low turnout. in a dictatorship low turnout says much more than it does in a democracy!
protect the water wherever you are. speak of it, walk with it, run with it, fly with it. just fucking stand by her. please. now
for real. i don't have water where i live. everyone has to buy jugs of water. such an overlooked problem.
your a stick u bitch but a cute stick
thank you so much my sweet sweet friend
very young drivers victimized by &amp; again by automaker-protectors!
exactly, paid do not understand that they could be the next victim of automakers.
their first album was one of the most beautiful albums ever
omg i have to stop and cry whenever i hear sabor a mi
looking for someone to create a website. inbox me your info please
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
and i'm ending it with this, if u find urself questioning whether or not he's worth it he's most likely not. love urself enough to walk away
this thread is so accurate
like cottage cheese that much.
no i hate the american version which is why that one excited me.
"now with java 8 eei stored lambda function procedures!!"
stop before me and pass out laughing on our walk home
absolutely! that's what many of us have been screaming from rooftops about... we can hit back v.hard
this points to lack of experience and statecraft.
i spilled poppers on my fitted sheet so fuck my sleep tonight.
omg i did that friday. they won't wash out :(
he is going to need it for sure .
yes i will still be here for him cheering him on
feel me everyone got that basic black one we rocking are red rare ones
shit lw hype haha. if you see one around its prob mine my bro took over my clothes haha
boy that's not my cousin boy!
lol bruh when are we gonna resolve this she either ya cousin or she not
berners were all very gullible to have ever believed in his pie-in-the-sky policies, hard to turn them now
its very hard to let go of the frustration that bernie went low especially cuz was losing
god im so stressed out for tomorrow
lol we're doing the test together so we can fail together
a lot of these prognosticators and pundits have blindspots for what they don't know, it's not always intentional.
this is it, jane. it's not bad, it's just that they haven't been taught self awareness. like most privileged ppl.
meanwhile, obama's out fundraising.
where's christie he job not obama.
wow !! everyplace we walk in has no a/c !! sf ain't used to hot !
even the f***ing weather is changing
blimp! sponsored by
blimp for the unions - branded with protest messages against corporate everything
dont u watch timesnow. nation wants war. had arnab been pm, we wld have had it by now -:)
i don't watch because they hardly ever make sense.
lately i've been wondering what will happen when low-wage workers can't even afford to live in commuting distance from sf
no more restaurants? wages and prices rise to compensate? eventually the bay area has higher inflation than rest of us.
dems, if we lose, obamacare is gutted. planned parenthood clinics are closed. supreme court nominees are blocked
trump will get us blown up in 5 minutes.
i feel so blessed this weekend has been so full of art, inspiration, &amp; love. art by
what a lovely photograph
- i am far from any angel but i do love when everyone get's along especially family members!
my idea of an angel is a guardian a protector of ones heart.they guide in the right direction.that is what u do
how many state secrets did that rnc problem give to our enemies? is w trying to get elected again?
"problem"?! 8 yrs bush used rnc private email erases 2 mill proving lies about iraq + wmd. 500,000 died
are u watching this crap on the feeds he needs to drag nics ass.
the feeds are boring me to tears but james need to step up his game
we love you too! i loved you in bed working. siggy you've had memorable moments on camera!!
- i am in the same position right now!!!
&gt;trump is dangerous.. all your kids will be fighting a needless war he has no sense of diplomacy loose cannon
and if hillay gets in office it will bw government vs patriotic civilians.
explain to me what this is.
they even deliver alcohol! lol. just beware of the creeper deliverers who'll add u on facebook
dont u watch timesnow. nation wants war. had arnab been pm, we wld have had it by now -:)
only bollywood can say the public wants it not a sovereign government . us took its time
we've had the hgs make sushi and decorate cookies... it's your to start whipping up a late night snack! tweet a pic using + .
i think this one went over well last year: fondue.
i'm getting called a keyboarder by washed pros lmao
to much sauce for them lolol
gop chairman of committee caught making bogus accusation against hillary
trey gowdy is mentally impaired.
why can't every anime be yaoi??
especially with anime with borderline yaoi or a hint of yaoi. like, i just want to grab two of the characters and make them kiss.
wanna rewatch stranger things
they won emmys!
i wish all of you a safe trip to hell
i practice piano, come back: 34 alerts
when is it plz let's all go together
yas. september 25, (next sunday)!!!
i've really been trying to be more positive on twitter, but holy shit, ios 10 makes me want to throw my phone into the ocean its so slow
even something simple like scrolling in springboard drops tons of frames. system frequently doesn't turn on or respond when awake.
the entire iphone's internal cavity basically becomes a subwoofer
-i'd rather have the water-proofing!
lol i do the same with my bros clothes
aww that sucks haha i'd be heated
hello internet friends... i'm looking for someone to help me with some web design, squarespace based... any leads would be appreciated :)
submit your details here:
even something simple like scrolling in springboard drops tons of frames. system frequently doesn't turn on or respond when awake.
its like i'm using a doa nightly build of ios again.
ehhh being a hoe is supposed to be empowering, she straight up lessened herself for some ugly boi
story of my life hahahaha
yes, esp with diwali round the corner-unless r libs derail it by asking for bans on lights/crackers
that's a totally separate discussion . am not in favor of any for crackers !
does google maps not work on ios anymore
did i ask about google apps? i'm pretty sure i didn't. but you figured the best response was to talk about another app.
the teflon toxin goes to court (part 4 of 10 on the human health risks of c8, aka ). by
i'm not religious, but i hope if there is a hell, there's a level reserved for corporate lawyers who defend evil.
jacob what happened to you hair??
it was always like that buddy
i can drink the alcohol for you and u can have a super bubbly drink!!!
!!!!!! you're the best &lt;3333333333
i want a conch piercing sooooo bad but i know the pain will be serious. so much worse than when i did my tragus
speaking of, i also want to re pierce my tragus but i also don't want to spend $50
which one is the real maxo
maxo is the unstable platform i know that much
smh how dare she learn from someone that's not me
lmfao she a new bitch now watch out
some before &amp; afters of at groovin 2015. shot on a point and shoot from the crowd.
you smashed it
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
u need to stop using these awful acts for ur disgusting agenda of division and hate!
lovemy pic! tyou! kira
kira
all to many oeiple like hillary believe that hispanics &amp; african americans are stupid &amp; ignorant !
ur rite they are not stupid trump is not for hispanics or aa's and nothing is going to change!
breaking: controlled explosion occurs near elizabeth, nj train station after device found, mayor spokesman says
you're late as usual. they now say not controlled
the most interesting thing about my grandma's pierogi is that despite the buckwheat, they're actually sweet.
and if you make them do they taste like shoes simply cause you're not a grandma? that's how these things usually work.
this article should be titled "the hypocrisy of kelly ann conway"
she can really pick them, can't she?!
damn, bitches ain't shit i guess
but we knew this
ohhh it still looks like it'll be a good anime though! excited~
yeah,have only heard good things about the manga so hoping the anime will be one of the best of the season in spite of art style!
it's so revealing how pussy trolls never show their faces on their avatar, isn't it, sissy?
sarah is only politically "jewish" aka and is hitting a tender spot for
say's the one who wanted to come to rhs
people change their minds
three pipe bombs found in new jersey train station
so donald trump using your words and strange logic, is this chris christie's fault ?
i literally beat it exactly one week after i got the game. o3o
something i'd never be able to pull off myself. :p
what movie should i watch tonight
listen i watched disney's house of villains instead sorry to disappoint
weakness lmaoooo
lmao seriously
we can look into this and want to assist. pls email member id# and contact info to expressrxhelp.com ^sb
i don't feel well and need my correct dosage now! don't blame my doctor's office it's your services!
which store is better? cvs or walgreens?
most walgreens is 24/7, so i go there. best place for condoms.
its like i'm using a doa nightly build of ios again.
i never believed the "new iphone's out, old ones become junk" stories. not anymore.
you have to try and squeeze it in somehow there's always time lol
yes you're right ! i'm going to have to do it on the weekends! at least in the mornings. but i will be going back this weekend
my idea of an angel is a guardian a protector of ones heart.they guide in the right direction.that is what u do
- i try. you have to have both parties willing to move forward w/o bringing up past issues. that doesn't happen
no more restaurants? wages and prices rise to compensate? eventually the bay area has higher inflation than rest of us.
is there such a thing a regional monetary policy? what arbitrage opportunities result?
karrueche can sit on my face all day
fucking thot
that tech billionaire sure hates "shitshow" sf but thinks nearby town can avoid all the same problems that tech explosion is causing
it's a sanctimonious nimby tweet storm of the first order. lol. "i got mine. gonna keep this hot house flower how i like it!"
we went inside a legal marijuana dispensary - it was just like any other retail experience
i told you guys former goldman own the nyc"dispensaries"which will go outta busn as soon as legal,soon.u didn't chase that?
night night matthew have a great week.
nighty night bella you too (:
omg i actually laughed out loud, filipino dramas are so extra
oh my god this is so true
i love you van so much
ty for everything
feeling real stupid. realized every man who said he loved me was lying, i can't finish finnegan's wake &amp; i still don't get the plot of dune.
there is no plot in dune. (i have only seen the movie)
if u support trump at least support him knowing that he is in bed w putin, &amp; russia needs trump to win &amp; please at least wonder why this is
think how owned by jihad she actually is is so loyal to sunni islam that the russians are against her cuz of syria
best kind of days
oh without a doubt dude.
if you're gay then please don't say you were born gay bc when your mother gave birth to you, you didn't ask your dad to breastfeed you
bc asking to be gay is like asking to be black or white, right? you don't have a choice you dingbat!
take a minute under the moon and rejuvenate your energy love
thank you love
don't breathe over the sids! you might break them with esd!
precious cargo in there
how you doin
feelin good feelin great how bout urself
yes or at least have a lot of handsome male characters :3
i'm watching kimi to boku atm. it's really cute and gay. i don't even know why it's not even a yaoi.
i feel like the raider logo is more shaped like a u than a c. he's already losing.
let the l's keep coming
if my heart is broken can i put it in rice?
only if it broke underwater
official player for ! be sure to follow!
didn't even let ur old team know lmao fake
any ios developers looking to pair via skype?: looking for people who are familiar with swift or objective-c ...
hi, we have an experienced team of mobile app developers and can assist you. dm to discuss skype: shankar_openwave
bored by the headphone jack/home button bleating in iphone 7 reviews. non-issues. how about an original thought?
what am i saying? tech writers are incapable of original thought.
like how my phone updated and i don't approve of this shiii too..
fucking updates on electronics
was just going over my twitter analytics and under my "audience insights", i found this little graph..
a little better, but not by much
i think it's shameful that trump is denying $10 million to charity cause he's too afraid to sit down for an interview with .
lack of humanity &amp; generosity staggering, &amp; particularly disappointing from man of such tiny hands
looking for someone to help me with my website
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
airport curry - the final curry before i leave japan. i'll miss a lot of things abt tokyo but mostly just the curry.
have you been to muracci's yet because damn
it's not the gay, fam. it's the ship, the aggressive aggressive ship
when i love something, i really love it
calling all : looking for someone to help start up a website, with diy projects . please dm me if intersted.
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
what platform is this?
pc-engine. the best port of all the platforms.
in all seriousness make sure in the contract they will pay to replace your console if u get banned but that's alot
of money there's no way especially with this shit ass game i don't take that get a new gamer tag and do your giveaways with
it appears is starting breakup of the gop. trying to drive non-trump supporters out of party. is involved?
if reince prebius is successful, then maybe the gop will consist of 14 ppl.
fans! what are your thoughts on mccarthy is 4th-down call in minnesota?
dave unfortunately that shouldn't be the only question of the night :-(... a lot of things seemed out of sync
just have to say, it's bs that the bachelor franchise has never been nominated for an emmy, but dwts always is...
because that would really mean that you are all "scripted" wouldn't it?!
lmao i swear u see her every week
loyalty to the navy strong
i think is doing a great job talking to because she doesn't take it personal like jacqueline does
- jac &amp; i wanted the same thing &amp; that was to bring family together. i just didn't realize all the past issues
is there such a thing a regional monetary policy? what arbitrage opportunities result?
if bay area municipalities will defend real estate prices at all costs, when will soros show up to take that bet?
today, at some point, donald trump will lie to you using the vocabulary of a toddler. i could retweet this every day. i may. -
please do, retweet it every day.
is that the one with sting?
yes it's so bad! (i intend on reading the book)
how'd your amiga end up treating you? (how have we still failed to hang out)
which one? they are all wonderful.
he blocked me...sometimes back
i dutifully go and favorite every abusive tweet on his tl
i should be shortly. just waiting on the dryer to stop. then i can press up a shirts for me and my son!
- what an amazing mom you are!
how'd your amiga end up treating you? (how have we still failed to hang out)
we must fix this.
no quinlan! please don't leave! we need your help.
hooking up with goodweather would only get good people killed or pissed off
i'm 100% sure she's still an idiot lmao but i love her
lmfao she's top 5 best people on the planet i'm jackin it
looking for someone to revamp my website locally as not happy with current one and help marketing
we can help you in re-designing of your website at reasonable price. submit your details here:
doodle thread below
nick said i could draw this
where are my creative heads at? i can print ur design for u n help turn ur ideas to life. serious inquiries only pls
attached are examples of some of the work i've done
that's awesome! thank you siggy! :) can't wait to see you more on ! much and have an awesome week!
- you to angel!!! hope you have an amazing week!!!
what does this mean!!!
ooohthat sounds cool
even if it's just for a couple of minutes you'll feel a lot better
yes ! i feel so unsecured since i haven't went. honestly ! it's been exactly a month since i've gone
i hate the idea of a finsta but i'm also thinking about making one?
hey did u see my tweet abt cookie dough
i literally wanna save all of them. i have to go through the cute pile like 3 times just to narrow it down
mommy probs
i love the walls and the mirror
she still looks like she's gotta fart
that's greek for goodnight my angels love you! i'm a nerd . but i learning. xxmeli
- get some rest! hope you feel better in the morning!
unless these self driving cars are also self cleaning, driverless taxis won't be any better.
even uber is already way better than taxis...
my names sebastian i like to sag my pants and pretend i'm a lightskin and part arab huuuuhhh
don't disrespect my baby like that
one in four french muslims backs burqa: poll
-that means 3 in 4 don't! the hijab is great and fashionable, but i personally think the burqa is oppressive.
where are all the "raiders are back baby" tweets
so when we go to a raider game i'll make sure not to take you
i have 50 to 1 odds one of those poor, misunderstood, mentally-ill, men taken into custody are named mohammed, ahmed or abdul!
no. i think they are all o'brien's.
i wanna watch that. i didn't know it was like that.
it's a slice of life anime but with men as the main cast. it's pretty gay. i like it.
we all need to do something together soon it's literally been years
we def should, before we all get too busy
happy bday i hope you had a great day
thanks sienna
we can't run the ball and can't stop the run bruh. gonna be a long season.
took a risk picking up arian foster
... ice? black ice? slush? water under snow? 1/2" of rain on road? 6" snow? driving behind snowplow?
yes, all that. it's all easier to solve to a machine w/ lots of sensors and microse...
. if i were a democrat i would be very very concerned about hillary
lmaaaaooooo no dems not stupid trumps a liar he has all kind of deals going on over seas !!
interesting the car stopped on belt parkway had just come from si. elizabeth is very close on other side.
direct line over goethals and verrazano. belt could indicate jfk dest, li or ne
totally. they believe their own hype because they don't have a point of reference for the alternative. groupthink.
and the more the gop guts public education, the worse it gets. those f'ers know what they are doing.
oh yes there will be a collage
yikes can't wait to see that
the whole album is a love album dedicated to her
im crying its so cute
thank you, for a wonderful evening of fun and fellowship.
it was so fantastic to meet so many familiar faces in one single location! whoop whoop!! thanks!
how could you sleep when you got no dreams? beyond yourself music:
it's slashscore nig
im in tears
thanks for stealing my retweet
lol i thought the race card was manna from heaven. that ep was even better. and finale was exceptional too. those trump fargo
the highs were higher than fargo highs
hi tl, i need a fiercely creative graphic artist or a web designer know anyone? please send my way. pls rt
we have good experience in website/graphic design. our portfolio: email: leads.com
and now my girlfriend's blaming you for her urge to make pierogi. you are the worst, geiser, the worst
was that an anti-polish slur?
technokids ph is looking for a mobile app developer. graduate of bscs/bsit kindly message me if you are interested.
we build apps remotely! our portfolio let's talk :) email to leads.com (212) 209 1537
i have 50 to 1 odds one of those poor, misunderstood, mentally-ill, men taken into custody are named mohammed, ahmed or abdul!
did someone say they were islamic non terrorists! wth!
i just imagine many of those kids look at him with 'disgust' campaigning for hill
well they spent months in a a "killary" bubble trading smears. bernie could've corrected some
this day in aldub history.. that most awaited first date..
ya!! love like whatever love her so much
fuck it up baby
thank you boo lets go get croissants soon
lol you sound like a child. thx for stalking my tweets though!
also you sound like a . no one needs a white history museum because white history is the history thats taught
rami malek is the first non-white best actor in a drama in 18 years via
non-white or non-european ancestry?
i bought 2 half gallon cartons of almond milk &amp; two boxes of cereal @ the groceries because i was 2 lazy 2 be bothered 2 go back n get more
&amp; my taste for the milk&amp;cereal combo has surprisingly lasted,i'm on the last of the cereal &amp; 1/4 of the milk ~3 wks b4 it expires
elizabeth, nj mayor says 5 devices were left in a single backpack. had "bomb" went of "it would have certainly killed/injured many".
but the bomb did go off if it wasn't a controlled explosion, right? so what does she mean?
3gloria estefan (ana villafae-main, christie prades-swing)
ps. don't forget &amp; ! the gloria understudies (+!). this role is no joke!
profiting from terror. nice.
i prefer the old strategy of calling a cab and them telling you to get lost &amp; you not getting service.
the highs were higher than fargo highs
fargo deserved love, jean smart would've been nice. but i can't argue it losing to oj
i went to a jewish preschool, so i'm all about self-hate.
(this is the most polish i've ever acted. my family adopted literally nothing of the culture)
do i have any really good and creative website designers following me ? i need help please lol.
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
i need a web/mobile app developer. dm me if interested.
we have close to 20yrs of experience in building , and . get rfp -
didn't even let ur old team know lmao fake
looking for an org to play under dm me for info asap
is that why hillary, bill and anyone that says that about him have been friends? are they con too?
who told you that he wants to send they parents back to mexico they understand5 very well
first time in a sauna today
so frickin hot
new post: gopro grand prix of sonoma - final!
that kd for all the emails this year! i'm glad i signed up!
nvm now i did
k cool thanks for da like
"we are on a road trip and have no kombucha"
"i think it like erases my memory... which i mean that's not a bad thing am i right?"
all they're doing is reinforcing their own beliefs about who's the most enthused and engaged in their own circles.
wait, are you talking about the msm? or the pollsters? :)
i'd love to unpack your bible camp experiences but i have to build a 10 foot replica of my mothers head that is also a toilet
sounds beautiful, tasteful and worth your time
here's me 2day
did you stick a goddamn office chair in ur boat?
wait is that or lindsay lohan?
girlfriend looked like an oscar statuette.
bro you want a half of this yellow thanger
hell yeah brotha i got some pills for you too when i see you
yeah it's honestly just pushing yourself to get up and go lol. how have you been btw?
lol yup! i've been good how are you ? it's been years since we've hung out !! lol
trump has turned "formerly respected" into a pathological liar, tells
i'm gonna mute people who quote .
go watch a polanski movie goddamn it.
yes that is who i want to invigorate my pride.
same lmao, ive been mia for like 3 months
are u coming back ever
hey guys its my birthday
happy birthday beautiful
what you mean?
everybody be holding back cause they scared of getting judged
on related note always been a fan of the melted faces bomb worshippers in beneath planet of the apes.
have them all on dvd. need the live action tv series too.
need some help from any of my web design friends pleeeeease
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
watching on the live stream is making me nostalgic for cosplay...
flawless! maybe you dress up for halloween costume stream? just an idea.
profile pic reminds me of dustin from stranger things
lmfaoooo why is this hella true
lol at the accounts that liked this
i know and they did it within seconds
the constant dread of people shuffling onboard when u have an empty seat next to u on the plane
pretty much the only time i'm religious
i don't need love when i look this bangin
hard work pays off
people try to tell me "listen to atrocities" and i'm like no. fuck valor kand. dude looks like the alien from to serve man
honestly, even forgetting the "this is like their version of squeeze" aspect, it's just a really uncomfortable album to listen to
we can tell you both have great style!
haha thank you. i'll tell that to him.
you really can't get mad at someone for treating you less than you deserve if you're the one who keeps letting them back in..
so basic yet always forgotten.
i honestly believe that it was her brother that murdered &amp; the parents have covered it up for over 20 years!
sadly, i am getting that vibe, too :(
anything for you, terra; hope everything is ok with your emergency! can't wait to have you onboard with us again soon! ^aj
all good now. other airline tried to nickle+dime me to change my aunt's flight. you all were professional and caring. ty.
look at that, already fuckin up lol
not even i still have 24 hours before the assignment is due
any freelance web designer here . kindly rt........
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
we need to drop 60 on fiu
milton fumbles 11 times at fiu and we lose. book it*
i liked this crappy anime called rainy day cocoa or something. it was like bl but it was categorized as slice of life.
eh never heard of it. lol i'm watching ktb because i scrolling on crunchyroll, trying to find something new to watch
jimin's thirsty
i'm blocking your account???????????????
the road the arrested 5 would be traveling on, from elizabeth nj to jfk nyc, when stopped nr verrazano bridge
-it will be very interesting to see who they are!
he showed you, didn't he? rascal was so relieved when only john was using the dreaded suitcase, but i feed her wrong?
its funny seeing animals act passive aggressively !
okay ...i need the happiest sq story out there ! send it over !
i read this one a lot, but it's au
been in that "i feel invisible and i'm disappearing" funk all day. probably chemical. gonna try and sleep it off. brb.
when i that it's like an emotional virus. hope sleeping helps!
dracarys! wins "outstanding drama series" at the 2016 .
i cannot wait to see the dragons in westeros
i liked this crappy anime called rainy day cocoa or something. it was like bl but it was categorized as slice of life.
then, i find it on my queue. the promo cover was so intriguing because it had a cute boy with pink hair (shun).
looks like some michael jackson type sh*t folks who let her get in front of the camera?
nbc did masterful job of just showing 3 second edits at points when she raised her voice a little. nightly zionist news
even though i just started playing yesterday, i got a quadruple kill both yesterday and today as reaper &lt;3
i only played that game for a couple days before giving it up. not my thing.
i gave some speeches with some genuinely horrific positions as a kid in school.... oops
i mocked welfare on a status that popped up a while back. :(
umm wasiu, shut up
out the cut
emily always knows the right way to cheer me up
update: here's that video
happy birthday dawg, enjoy it
thank you man. hope all is well.
hopefully controlled. either way, glad *it seems* everyone is safe.
actually, now it looks like the most recent reports are that it was not controlled.
completes today. thank you for all the love, warmth, support. love you all :))
in 25days, rumi went back 2being p, jaya turned back 2 swastika,1was always anjan; only diligent zico remains!twittersory
24 hrs ago i was sitting on the grassy hillside of and now i'm sitting on the leathery chair inside my work lab...
24 minutes ago i was sitting on the toilet, and now i'm still sitting on the toilet
router reset, flashing orange, no connectivity - called . told need new router. really? um no. waited 3hrs &amp; magically fixed
my internet went out too!... of course, mine is still out.
this is what i get for not doing my own work
all that hard work for nothing
i liked this crappy anime called rainy day cocoa or something. it was like bl but it was categorized as slice of life.
i don't watch any "new" anime these days, not even the mainstream one's, but kimi to boku kept me glued/
equalize stakeholder voices. models r in play: . look 2 core:
agreed . as said 'people started to listen'
i have blues brothers, texas chainsaw massacre 2 (i bought a second one for the card on the front. it was a moment of weakness)
you can never have too many copies of tcm2. i've bought it at least twice! i only have one currently though.
this guy and i are getting ready to cook together on my show! what is the world coming to??!!??
i loved watching you together. i blushed when you asked him why he loved you. and he told us! kudos. bless you
a muslim woman wore a burkini on a french beach and the response was exactly what she feared
the thing about carrying a sign asking for feedback on your attire is that some of it will be negative.
tired old woman desperately clinging to the idea she is entitled &amp; fit 2b potus ! clear &amp; present danger to the usa!
hrc looks as if she is barely conscious. why isn't anyone helping her get real care?
the wind rn lmfao
windy hair style
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
"for our people in washington, trump is an enigma. when they look at his foreign policy views and
i'm having a baby this week. ama. (on trump, climate change, and hope amid uncertainty)
congrats! hopefully all will go well.
can i hang out with someone over christmas pls i wanna annoy tf out of y'all with my holiday spirit my family is used to it now
you can spend it at my house and help make tamales
these daysss
i'm letting god handle all things above me
well my body is 65% water so pretty much.
so yeah rice works
not you personally. folks that don't know better might toggle and fly in the wrong place
we default everything on and are working on some new tricks to surface insights :)
happy birthday bro have a good one and keep grinding
thanks and you too bud
"for our people in washington, trump is an enigma. when they look at his foreign policy views and
advisers they're scratching their heads," a u.n.-based european diplomat said.
i love veep *and* the whole category (possibly with exception of modern family, which feels done) is stellar.
i think mf went one (or two) seasons too long.
no accounting for liberals. can't tell the difference between parody and truth.
er..um g-d, love and country
happy birthday !! have a good one bro !
thank you
happy to hear that and i've been great just working a lot loving life. and yeah it's been a while let's all catch dinner soon
are you still working at the same place ? yea absolutely!
now here is a gal with a lot of self respect, remember, she is " not just another pretty face"!
what would compel a gal to wear such a shirt??
the dare snipers are doing cotc. who will win?
your teams losing cause you got that faggot zach on your team
been on face time with liv for 3 hours...
can u come back, i have no apple tv remote &amp; no cookie to play would u rather with :((
i mean really. this is ridiculous. just pick a side. simple
honestly, your support here is crucial. we can change the world.
in the back seat
where do you see a car?
ok. there is this anime abt yokai &amp; it's kinda bl like. it begins w/ an "m". it just came like 2 months ago
is it good?
hi it's 12:30 am and i'm in san antonio and i have work in san francisco in the morning ok
hey atleast you traveling and got good money
damn those were some solid choices tho
yeah i'll get around to watching all of these this week don't worry
these right here
the gooooooolld so nice
completes today. thank you for all the love, warmth, support. love you all :))
in 25days, rumi went back 2being p, jaya turned back 2swastika,1was always anjan; only diligent zico remains!twitterstory
i don't even see how that's comfy at all
it cant be and they have to be all damp around your dick from getting wet, im good lol
my hw is due in an hour and i'm stressed
you got this sib!
in elementary school i argued that the death penalty should apply to younger people than it already did, wtf
at least that was in elementary. i was voting age
update: suspected pipe bomb found at elizabeth, new jersey rail station, train traffic halted: in a video upd...
what will the media saythe cookie monster is playing pranks again?
you know you can only read one at a time....
i do work with people ...
people say white people have no culture uhm sorry but have you been to a civil war antiques store sweetie
you identify as white?
what older bl animes do you like the most?
well.....eh....you're not going to be impressed and i'm a noob but...
i could have another you in a minute, matter fact he'll be here in a minute baby
you must not know bout me.
happy birthday !! stay lit as always
same to you young caryn just waiting on you fam
an app that finds nearby vending machines and ranks them based on quality of snack selections and pricing. some programmer holla at me.
hi jamie,sure we can discuss further about the idea via dm else submit details -
still offended that ppl still think that shoulders distract boys
the fact that people be wearing hella layers just to follow dress code in 90 weather is more distracting
yup. all promises and very little delivery on them.
it's challenging stuff &amp; they've done a lot right but they have a ton of room for improvement before being a solid router.
outside the house
i tweeted this stage since 2pm- it just goes on &amp; on!
twitter sued by shareholder over growth projections - cnet
who want twitter to fail ? is this not a form of free speech &amp; potential for rebellion against the elites ? they want it down
taiji: 4 straight days of red coves now over as the last 7 bodies left 2016.09.19 - 11:21am
hell awaits you.
my bangs are so long if i comb them to the side i look like melanie circa 2007, who listened to mcr and red jumpsuit apparatus lol
and wrote little emo girl poems and long ass letters that were irrelevant as hell to all my friends lol
i'm working mon-thurs but i open wed soo i'll be out early
i'm off from school at 1:15 on wednesday i can just for you to get home
man.....plane delays both ways....when i got to lot b...every body had bounced
that sucks. would've been nice to hang out.
hey dumbass nuking one side? wth is that would the nuke acknowledge the boundries 1/2
when it us exploded up your shithole u will understand
hi maria, any chance you could dm an email address to contact you about my indie game
oh, hi there! yep, get 'em is quite a game :)
please send me a dm if you're an app developer. i've got something for you.
kindly follow back to discuss your requirements via dm
what older bl animes do you like the most?
ova-wise: sensitive pornograph was my first (and pretty much established my whole sexual identity)
when she shoots you these texts!
mitchell is a savage
developing: nyc mayor says explosion in the chelsea section of manhattan was an 'intentional act.'
but it was u guys that did that 2 manattan were i live and close 2 my home not 2 far away fuck tha government &amp; media !
i love when a customer is being a bitch and asks for my manager but she ends up taking my side and tells the customer off
where do you work
and by database i mean a google docs spreadsheet. and i will stop word vomiting at you now.
honestly i should do that with my collection too. it's unwieldy. i've been trying to stop buying physical media it's so fun tho
i thought selina raised you well
yeah well selina never gave me grammar lessons
does anyone know an ios app developer in london?
we would be happy to assist you on remote work. let us know so that we can discuss further via dm.our pf:
my fave song
same! have you heard neyo's version?
happy birthday to a day 1 we been thru ups and downs but we still boyz and i got you always man, love you bro
thank you we always boyz&amp; love you too
my friend was dead ass 10 feet away from her lol
i would've rip
i honestly wouldn't give a shit if it's a hybrid
i8s are slow bro lol just a prius with a bmw badge only a retard would pay that much for one
no problem, but honestly homemade is better than both of them.
i mean tru but i fuck up a lot of recipes so tollhouse is the way to go
i am willing to be an agent of change. unless coins are involved, then i am out
would never assign you to coins. an intern will handle those things.
need an app developer.
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app. our pf email to leads.com
can we have a pupforce party at df16?
this is from last year...
thank you for the retweet! i am honored to defend the next president of the united states!
thank you for shutting crooked media down.they always try bully guest.god bless helping take our country back
yeah i passed co-op and allat
i'm 2 blocks from 95. should've shouted out the car window jk jk
ayeee happy birthday to my brotha keep doing ya thing love you my dude
thanks fam. nothing but love
fat chance! no way russia or saudi will cut production. they can't afford to..
-why would others sacrifice to keep venezuela afloat? especially, after such mismanagement of its economy?
sorry about that. i hope i wasn't the one that "got you in trouble"
no! how dumb! you're fine. it had nothing to do with you!
nothing i want more than to go to the diner right now
someone come w me if i don't eat a burger in the next half hour who knows what will happen
imy already
turn around and come cry to greys with me
thank you for reminding us &amp; !
i am teary-eyed. "simple act of kindness".
my head is killing me
your head killed me too
this was me asking him what his location was. just so you get an idea
fucking over he would do that tho!!!!
wow..seems like "officials" tryin 2 put a lid on this by saying controlled explosion..but mayor isnt having it and sayin the truth!
politically correct will destroy us!
eternal question: better to spend energy on finding the believers, or on convincing the non-believers?
the leverage is in finding or recruiting the people who can find or recruit the people, because time spent then isn't a zero sum game
my ap english teacher from freshman year of high school completely ruined the song ironic by atlantis morrissette for me.
she is scum we know that and her husband is a super scum
boo he was shook
beetxh i'm not surprised he should've been
nbc news: law enforcement officials say that they are concerned that there may be an active terror cell in the ny/nj area w/
yet is still on the loose, an active member of the elite cell group in plain sight.
more 80s-kid appreciation: peter scolari always makes me happy to remember experiencing "bosom buddies" in real time.
dated his brother when in college 1st date took me to paramount studios to see the show, go &amp; hang out w/tom &amp; peter fun etc
dang, watching all my favs win tonight: rami malek for best actor in drama and he's the 1st non-white winner in the cat. in 18 yrs
last non-white winner was andre braugher won for homicide: life on the street in 1998
happy birthday pretty!!!
thank you love
the science of psychology must be used to convert consumerist children into revolutionary thinkers.
can't because ignorant, fools, &amp; consumerist children who never grew up nor were educated about democracy &amp; impact of failure
new dating filter is employing dune references fast and heavy.
loved long walks near the shield wall until it got nuked
whoops i'm eating nachos at 1am again
it's only 10pm where i am do your thing girl
the 90s were terrible.. too much economic growth. not enough frog worship.
why do you hate pepe?
i wonder if jimmy ate his peanut butter and jelly sandwich. if he did- we missed out of some hella cute chewing
i bet he did, and drank the juice box too!
happy birthday pretty!!!
thank you love!
keeping us informed of serious developing events in our country; focusing on nigeria &amp; ebola...wow!!
any distraction from the disaster that is hillary!
i just told her she said she gonna make some this week
sweet. lmk lol i'll bring the coca cola lmfao
omg xd what abt zetsuai? or my sexual harassment?
well, i don't know if you remember, there was a site called yaoi-haven. that was my main source of anything yaoi animated.
haven't even started seaton's essay.... dis me rn
lmao i aint doin that tonight
if your going to dm me please don't ask for a) pics of my cock b) where i come from c) what i do for a job. look at my twitter feed first !!
what, you expect us to actually read your profile? lol (i did) :-p
everyone has to watch this video.
i see mostly white people with a few hispanics yes there's about 11% of them that's failling 4 the con
i used to ask myself "what will make me happy right now?" and then do that. i need to start this again. of course there are some exceptions
i have to go to work, for example. i have to work on my wip even if i feel uninspired
next time ask if you wanna go for a ride
smh but you don't know how
recent life event change? you may be eligible to sign up for a health plan through covered california.
what a crock of obama bull
a great descrpition of my life,,,, blurry bitch
this picture is haunted rt gor goodlu h
how you made this image? last wwdc i went through sp/ny/frankfurt/berlin/amsterdam/chicago/sf/chicago/sp in less than 30 days
your map is going to be amazing. i always use flighttrack to track my flights:
when you get home from being on your feet for more than 6 hrs w/ no break... you collapse when you get home
damn that's rough no break at all
working on outlining animated basics for screencasts, anything you wish you knew, or want to know?
the warning that goes like "new animation started while another animation already in progress" what causes it?
why is everyone saying this? i'm in the library in the same spot everyday y'all just dont check 4 me
ion be in the library
full balls and a hard cock..didn't get to spunk up today...night.
lusciousness!
happy birthday to a the homie ! keep doing your thang !
thank you miss that trip. good times man
i asked everyone and nobody said anything except for zak
you act like his opinion mattered smh. and thats a lie cause i would have never allowed that!!!
happy bday !!!! hope itits going great !!!
appreciate it brian !
my favorite part by ariana &amp; mac miller bumps
&amp; soulmate
i will never stop buying physical media. i don't trust streaming media and its lack of clear ownership.
i'm happy (and able) to spend a few dollars on impulse rentals these days. but i still buy stuff i know i'll watch over and over
i'm the same as i've always been just gotten more and more fed up
did you all grow up in liberal households?
i can't wait to live in the same city as and meet cute boys together
wow me too that sounds fun
hillary doesn't represent the people, she represents corruption and greed.
exactly, thats why trump must be elected!!
can't tell if your being serious or nah lol
serious as a heart attack fuckin hate that kid
omg xd what abt zetsuai? or my sexual harassment?
so, after watching those i've mentioned, as well as haru wo daiteita (another of my favorite) and ikoku irokoi romantan
omg no?!? i love him i'm gonna have to listen to it now
it's funny
i used to ask myself "what will make me happy right now?" and then do that. i need to start this again. of course there are some exceptions
but about little things like, "do i watch gilmore girls or friends?" "do i continue to give this boring book a chance or just drop it?"
"i carved my name into my aunts car with a rock one thanksgiving"
whoever ur talking about is a str8 savage
my agent said it's a tax deductible event for y'all i'm tryin to help.
.golden twitter exchange!!!
and not one of those embassies was denied support, extra security, or backup. benghazi was. i wasn't just talking benghazi
wrong, republicans have been defunding embassies of needed security &amp; support for years admitted as much
trixie mattel and katya at big top tonight
1) who 2) are you there?
nope there's no time when it's busy
crazy hope you have a good nights rest
cvhs: let's find a way to be extra and spend money on something no one is gonna use
what should they have spent it on
yessssss reginald
ayeee where u been
ios 10 on my iphone 6 plus is barely usable. i'm really surprised. tons of typing lag, apps crashing, super slow performance. anyone else?
nothing unusual other than initial t-mobile issue (fixed.) guess depending on how many &amp; what kinds of apps you have?
happy g day bro have a good one
thank you g
two hits ... i hit you .. u hit the floor
is that what happened when you broke your collarbone?
lmao that's literally all we do now. download millions of social media apps just to meet people and bang
we?! who the fuck is we?!
condemn the cowardly terror attack on army camp at uri. i salute the brave martyrs for their supreme sacrifice.
sir problem is that our government is busy in "gau rakcha" rather then jawan....
so they can block a candidate they find unacceptable. huh.
i'd like to block reince from breathing air. but i feel like that is probably not legal.
everyone is saying the trump campaign is planting these to get fear votes. he knew all about the chelsea one before the cops did.
are u on crack? seriously.
but about little things like, "do i watch gilmore girls or friends?" "do i continue to give this boring book a chance or just drop it?"
it made me so much happier in such a simple way. i have to do it again, starting now.
aw, man. saw this. you get so much love for so long... ...and it's still never enough time. so sorry.
thank you so much for your thoughtful words. i still can't believe she's not here. :(
i haven't been this confused since .
i think is probably correct:
ok thanks. one moment all was good then berto screaming at you.
he flipped out
what you mean he does key
bruh that fool can't keyboard to save his life
update: elizabeth, nj mayor retracts spokesman's statement. now says explosion wasn't controlled
wow! no words!
best thing from the teevee today (including the )
that poor kid
if you don't believe in yourself, who will?
i believe in you
they're preying on white people's fears, and it's sad. judging from the anxiety in my mentions, it's effective too.
i have realized that "white people's fears" basically translates to "don't wanna share!" and yeah, they are infants.
it is really bad tonight and nic is being so mean to him i could knock her in the head.
yes she has been really rotten more so then usual she let paul get into her head
uwork for the onion, right? no? just out of a coma, then? everyone knows the clintons live on a diet of lies.
your so full of crap. she has been fact check and proved to be the most truthful. trump is a pure liar.
conservative.
see as i get more liberal i'm more of a black sheep in my family and i don't know how to handle
escorts equivalent of the walk of shame, the walk of a sore fuckhole! he ripped me a new mancunt!
wonder if you could handle this? hehe
somewhere between not wanting you, but not wanting anyone else to have you.
shittiest feeling ever. trapped in your own loneliness
28m children have been forcibly displaced; fled conflicts not of their making v/
this is to watch and as a reality it is even more sadmy prayers are with theses children and their parents.
you're the director of a misery remake. whom do you cast in the two lead roles?
robert downey jr. and millie brown.
looking for a w/ post production commission!!!
we are experts in mobile app design &amp; development services.our pf email to leads.com
im excited omg
*insert friends theme song*
i might have bitten off more than i can handle! the clients dressed &amp; hung to impress! wish me luck!
ouch! he would kill me with that thing! lol
see as i get more liberal i'm more of a black sheep in my family and i don't know how to handle
it with the family cause it doesn't help. so i usually just shut up and keep it to a minimum.
is admiring females sexually the same?
u tried it
i need to get my mind right
hold up, let me get my mind right let me get my mind right you know everything is alright you know everything is all
i love how this hypocrite tried to use the nothingbuger dnc emails, look at him now.wow
if trump was to start tanking in the polls i wonder what reince &amp; ryan would say then
that doesn't apply to you. the world owes you a ton.
it doesn't though. i'm not entitled to anything regardless of what i put in.
happy birthday! hope you're having a good day.
thank you!!
y'all still gonna do it.
you know me bro... i'm not pussy at all
wtf they never let me dance shirtless in the fellowship hall
they don't let me do it either but i can't let that stop me
such an incredible time tonight with my daddy at !! still cannot believe it was real!
forgive our pitiful smiles. we were already exhausted and burning up hot at this point
i'm searching for an app developer
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your medical app. submit details- leads.com
what's your snapchat?
you got a new one or what lol
basically i've been talking my white tweeps off the ledge since february, and there's really no good reason for it.
there is a reason for it, and you called it ages ago: cultural insularity. most white liberals don't talk to poc.
hers and mines
so like are y'all wearin pants or..?
only pic i got with him but happy birthday bb
thanks babe
i picked up my bra earlier to put on and there was a spider beneath it!!!
this is exactly what she did, but topless. it was amazing.
we thought we weren't gunna come up that night but ended up coming up fat miss you bro
fr we taught we were done for the night &amp; all of a sudden we were hustling miss you too bruh , we gotta kick it sometime
i feel so bad for the rookie players.. god watch over them in nyc dressed like that.
haha i'll take care of 'em
happy birthday to my boy hope you had a great day
thanks fam
which part?
a nigga bragging about nudes and a girl sending it too a nigga that begs for them lmaoooo
i made a deal with erika and now i have to watch an episode of hxh tonight and snapchat it
there's a fear here though: what if i can't stop
man we gotta link when you're in the city
yo we got too!!
why is it my first time watching clips of marshawn lynch surviving in the wild with bear grylls , shits hilarious
they legit cut off a piece of his dreads to start a fire
one way or the other typically wins out. not the more complicated middle.
it's also not the fault of the reporters. it's the mayor's office that released the 2 contradictory statements.
i feel like that when i go to my family in eastern poland.
in some ways i'm glad trump happened (unless he wins) cause it has made me more vocal politically
when we finally don't have physio homework
for tho lol. too bad it won't last long
happy birthday to the boy right here he's been my boy since i moved to newark have a good day
hell yeah boyz since jr high. i appreciate it my boy
happy happy birthday to this wonderful beautiful human
you're literally my favorite
i deleted it but made a new one.
ohhh i seee , steven_sancho2
"15 years later, physics journal concludes: all 3 wtc towers collapsed due to controlled demolition
buildings were just insured against acts of terrorism. the rat stinks to high heavens. /11truth
have you ever been to canada
not yet but once i get my drivers license i plan on visiting toronto and yes i am going to visit the hockey hall of fame
easy fix, move back
yah spend $300 on flight and leave job just to use $10 gift card makes sense!!!
my vegan diet is also gluten free. lentils chickpeas peas broccoli kale spinach bananas blue &amp; goji berry pistachios almonds walnuts
disgusting. eat a freakin burger.
but it was what it was
yes, and what it was, was a game 7 meltdown.
you know what day it is happy birthday brotha
haha kindergarten boyz thanks brotha
my statement re the events in nyc and minnesota:
you're so out to lunch. do you know where you are right now? what year is this?
i have found our anthem
this low key flames
congratulations kate mckinnon on your emmy for outstanding supporting actress in a comedy series!!
congratulations, my loving kate!
i'm ready to die :)
so was he...
peja was amazing. maybe the most underrated player ever.
in hindsight, yes. but e.g. 2004 was 4th in mvp; also generally considered league best shooter/best euro before dirk exploded
or maybe it's as real as 3 terrorist attacks in us in one weekyou sound nervous
that cunt will never get 270 electoral votes and on nov 8th i'll say to him bye delicia
the ones hailing as visionary have money on the (lyft) line
was well written. didn't seem to take undue credit. i'm happy to have everyone talking about safer transit &amp; better cities
i didn't know you talked with us little people anymore
i try to stay humble.
next time i find myself in nyc, i will definitely have to stop in. i'm sure brooklyn's changed a lot since 1986!
haha to say the least!
i know hiring is hard, but there are better ways to find the best fit for your company than requesting more free labor.
man this tweet hits really close to home.
exactly. i didn't even feel victorious or relieved by the end. i was just.....numb.
such a well written film. they nailed the tone bang on.
should be up.in am i'd assume then. i already got canada/usa tuesday lines lol
yeah i have a shitty online page
i often have people asking for the app i use.. you have a better way of doing that? stop serving the vocal minority.
it's a bit easier than the previous way (sharing from the app store screen) but can also be confusing.
if you like retweet &amp; follow sophie vip
this amazingly sexy woman has super breasts!!!!
i'm in the same boat. my family is pretty back wood and redneck.
i'm northern california. 95% of the areas north of the bay are conservative.
aww youka nitta's haru wo daieita was so great. i love ayano's ikoku irokoi romantan so much too.
i pretty much read most of her manga (unless if the site i read it from updates) and i watched ovas. including fuyo no semi.
this is for every girl or woman who constantly worries anout being skinny. i'm not and i like who i am.
beautiful gorgeous and sexy lady
we drew ourselves as dicks
this is on our refrigerator
season 2 sabrina is a completely different person than season 1 sabrina and i think that's so true to life.
ugh my fave
aww youka nitta's haru wo daieita was so great. i love ayano's ikoku irokoi romantan so much too.
fuyo no semi is really great.
it's a bit easier than the previous way (sharing from the app store screen) but can also be confusing.
i bet many people will see "share instagram" and think it means share an instagram photo, not share a link to the app.
@ me if you got something you wanna say
hey.... you ugly
first day of a week-long workshop on sounding architecture i'm presenting with eli marshall at hong kong university. hosted by thomas tsang
cool. say "hi" to eli from me!
now they're arguing over which iphone she has. really watching journey over here.
please keep us abreast of the situation
literally what i tell
hmmmmm prophetess was having fun when i was in md
i have no idea what this thing is but i want one
imma call is a snow bunny
girl lmfao u aint with it, we coolin w the liquor instead
lmao dont play you know i be rollin
i have no idea who that is but i love that dress.
lol she's on mr robot actually
oh, yeah. i'll rent a movie online from time to time, that isn't a problem.
heh i hope i didn't word that obnoxiously, it's just a more recent luxury for me so i get psyched about it
same i sound like countess vaugh from the show yesterday
jeeejjkj its so funny, yonce snatched the hair off my scalp and sucked the air out my lungs
what peebus said is if they don't honor their pledge "it's not going to be easy for them." he's just blowing hot air.
shouldn't have to honor a pledge if the nominee can't even honor telling the truth
hahahaha u aren't sketchy! i do miss you tho
idk man, what did u have in mind as sketchy i could be down lol
i've never owned an android device. i've tried other people's, and found them confusing (but not surprising after only a few mins)
yeah i'm in the same boat. never actually used one as a main phone.
idk why people don't like smoking alone
i really be having my own party
paraphrasing what i told a friend: you may out live your pet. but you were what love meant to your pet her whole life.
thank you. that helps. i am ages away from being over her.
ehhhh... politically neutral but outspoken on issues if that makes any sense
yeah makes sense. i prefer that way!
buhari spent less than n20m on ear treatment - presidency
how much should he spend?
wow this whole time i thought future was saying "im bout to fuck this cash up on a new toilet" in stick talk... lmaoo
and i was singing it like that at the concert too... someone collect me
in canada can't get on cbs feeds
they said they are working on it hopefully they will
2.0.8 patch released with fixes and perf (3 times faster server renders)
2.0.8 had a types error which was exposing internal apis. 2.0.9 is published just now to fix that
squad goals. and the other kid, mike, isn't there cause he's filming a movie.
that little girl reminds me of a young natalie portman.
absolutely, these bitches are sluts
couldn't said any better
is it too late to take senior photos?
no of course not bit's never too late :')
yeah but there's two sides to white fear. i'm referring to the white liberal fear of white conservatives. it's a huge problem.
how do you mean? (bc i am guilty of the above: white lib girl scared of white conservatives). how i have missed the point?
pro-putin party wins russian parliamentary election
shit! foregone conclusion. putin would assassinate all who opposed him.
we out for a ride then bet you won't keep up
lmao you'll be left behind
well i got the pen and pad ready
you got 10 hours of sitting in the car with me..ill make sure you know it by the end of it lol
messy [messed up] bun queen
how are you crys
so the entire time we were holding hands and we went to griffith observatory at the end of the day to see the view over la and
i was facing the view while he was facing me and i asked him if he wanted to switch sides so that he could see the view and
what an amazing account. i was crying with laughter a few minutes ago.
suddenly loads of people i follow seem to be rting from that account and it makes me wonder what time the owner goes to bed
it's not that i don't understand why ppl have weddings but i just don't understand why ppl drop like 10-100k+ for a party...for other ppl..?
like damn just dress up w/ ur boo, grab some fam/friends &amp; have a dinner party (only xtra expense being food &amp; as many flowers possible)
i just did. unreal. i'm starting to think she might not even get second place in the general election!
i am praying your correct!
i never watched any of these films but ppl say they r good i guess
yeah working girl is classic, spy kids is dumb but nostalgic, and i've never seen heathers but yeah everyone says it's great
i grew up in the same town as kurt cobain. people came to school with deer in their trucks.
is washington pretty conservative in the outskirts?
pro-putin party wins russian parliamentary election
russian elections are rigged.
is hair dying considered a childish thing? because i know people all across the age spectrum that dye their hair wacky colors
certainly not in my eyes, but in the social norm it definitely seems so. we are constantly told its "unprofessional"
i will always be grateful that back to the future didn't end up with a shit 4th movie years later (see indiana jones, terminator, die hard)
die hard 4 wasn't that bad...
as for drinking.... know when to stop. especially girls. y'all have more to worry bout when drunk than guys do. believe it or not !
but yeahh... i've seen/heard so many stories where girls get drunk. wake up the next morning and forget bout the sex they had while drunk
i grew up in the same town as kurt cobain. people came to school with deer in their trucks.
(i am not saying outskirts in a bad way. i'm in the outskirts in ca!!)
todays a jockstrap wearing kind of day...but which colour?
my reaction to all of them:
yes bruh add me on snapchat kid_tru we should kick it this weekend
just added you , but ya bruh i'm hella with it that be tight like the old times
jenn and i both have ny roots! second home land !
nice i'm from italy born and raised moved to ny in 2010 love it here
i've heard great things about the remastered concert tapes. i have to pick those up.
just watched it with akilah. great footage and context. highly recommended!!
hahah best believe boo
lmaooo thats why i love you
i've read this it's wonderful !
i also like this one a lot but it's very... melancholic happy :/
oh wow so just a little while ago another what seems to be a pipe boom was found this time is elizabeth nj
that's like 30 minutes away from where i live, we all have to stay cautious here in nj/nyc what's happened lately is nuts
and then there's the fact my diet is total shit and i don't know where to begin fixing it. i have a hard time eating veggies due to texture
i saw a recipe on youtube for edamame bacon onigiri. high protien and you can make 4 with a single slice of chopped bacon.
is that a threat rachel
we all have ls in our name except
life has hit you in the midsection &amp; knocked the wind out of you but it's not over, is coaching your comeback!
for a minute i almost panicked i thought you meant another human coach.
please don't take me home
genuinely had the best couple of weeks i could have asked for
i'm part of the world mothanature. so yes, we...
tears of joy
actual team or pick up?
just started teaming for orlando so actual
trade wars with china &amp; mexico could cost usa 4 million jobs if is elected, says pro-trade think tank. lost!
"what have you got to lose?" about 4 million american jobs.
i love this whole thread. can we get the full power of merge conflict together this week?
has to be tmrw cuz i'm ooo after tuesday! also i got to 2000 and finally got gold tonight
she's so pretty!!!!!
ikr? she gets more mesmerizing each time i see her lols
how do i get through so many pairs of pants &amp; socks in 1 day ?? - stained and smelling!! night.
gawd i bet your sweaty pants and socks smell good!
dear , please pay to bus us back into nyc rather than making us sit on your train for any longer
i was on acela 2228. what were you on?!
to be soo real i'd probably would be
see i knew it all along
happy birthday papiiiiii me and your girls love you!!!!
thanks babe
well and you?
been better but hey god has a plan
mom's card.
u should send her jackson browne's "take good care of you mother" from 76 "the pretender".made my mom feel loved. great mom
i think it's one of those unfilmable series.
i saw the author's son who wrote some of the series with my dad once at a barne's and noble.
you picked the wrong weekend to leave chicago
and the packers lost everything is downhill post hamilton
thank you. it doesn't feel real
oh trust me i know it doesn't , glad it happened
you're in the petticoats of california as it were
hopefully i will be in davis soon though! so randomly liberal.
it's entirely possible that he thought that ticket would take votes from trump &amp; not serve as sexism's bus stop.
this would be a highly admirable move. one that narcissist and attention whore jill stein should consider.
it breeds a pessimism and fear of the "power" of deplorables, and it only serves to reinforce the mythology of gop strength.
wow. i hate that idea, that when liberals get it they're too scared to enact anything, even tho proof is in the pudding.
i saw a recipe on youtube for edamame bacon onigiri. high protien and you can make 4 with a single slice of chopped bacon.
even if edamame might have a bad texture, it's smothered in a ball of rice which might make it tolerable.
sf is a complete shitshow. infrastructure broken, people priced out, crime on the upswing, schools in disrepair...its horrible.
still feels way more diverse than pa, no? homelessness is horrible, but rest of valley feels crazy homogeneous
i was facing the view while he was facing me and i asked him if he wanted to switch sides so that he could see the view and
he said "i like my view better" while facing me and that was probably the sweetest thing anyone has ever said to me
i think someone won
i won prize 2.but they gave it to someone else.cuz they dont know tweettime - everyone should go to sleep !
red carpet worthy! you look beautiful.
thanks peter! what an amazing evening that was!
that might veer towards "basic" branding, whereas i'm trying to cultivate a "sad" brand for myself
ohh i see.. though imo there's nothing more sad than a straight man burning a psl candle while crying..
well shitttt
i'm literally laughing so hard
nope, is it pretty much the same?
yeh i didn't like the pilot that much either
early 2000s action movies like the scorpion king, xxx and the original fast and the furious will never stop being awesome to me.
bad boys 2 is probably my no. 2 favourite film. bay can still pull them off, did you see pain &amp; gain?
why do these pictures smell like vaporub
lmfso bitch, i have a cold and mi mama mi doy su remedio
because you touch yourself at night
ummm that's you?
it's dumb slow even though it's labeled as a supercar but they look so mean, as far as investment wise you're on the dot
it looks fast but it has a 3 cylinder with an electric motor any m car would run circles all over it
i would fire off on anyone asking stupid ass shit like that that's fucked up.
i think his first problem is he's a cowboys fan... they're all uneducated.
why are guys so mean
because they're all faggets. my bf is mean and a fag for it hahaha
still ugly as
omg you're so hot
i think someone won
their social media vanished long ago.with not a word.for prizes worth $60 and i tweeted 14 hours
why don't we have a pic like this
you never want to take any
i packed a sapphire curry im boosting out
i have sapphire anthony davis
i was only aware of azurina eupalama, which one is the second?
i wonder how good the data is going that far back.
coming soon @
so close
in this case the absence of evidence is evidence of absence. null hypothesis: your claim isn't true until proven otherwise
man you were rough on travis walton! ;0o has anyone seen this clip? (8mins into it)
are you going to be playing wow again? i am really considering getting legion.
no frost!! it will of your time
this weekend i watched the nice guys, life itself, and an education. i'd say that's a good spread. liked them all.
kiss kiss is one of my favorites, and nice guys felt like more of what i love of that.
don't even fuck around rn eduardo it's too late for ur bs
it was a response tweet to that nigga who robbed the girl idk why the thread didn't show &amp; ima break ya other arm
did not see that coming.
-only 15 of eligible russians voted for it, not what one would call a mandate.
get out now!!! obama just told us that he will declare martial law in 2016!!!
wouldn't put it past them to set false flag event &amp; shut down elections...what happened in nyc this weekend may be prelude
boys are dogs. that's all.
but actual dogs are gifts from god
i saw a recipe on youtube for edamame bacon onigiri. high protien and you can make 4 with a single slice of chopped bacon.
i know these tweets are 17 hours old, but i hope you've had an overall good old folks holiday
you &amp; the father of the orlando terrorists can pray to allah she wins!
i don't care how other people vote. i only care about how i vote and the reasons why i vote the way i do.
i always resisted sound of music till 1981 when i watched it with a friend and her punk musician boyfriend. they loved it and won me over.
there's a designer dog breed called a schnoodle. makes me think of a singing drunk slurring "schnitzel with noodle?
five devices found in nyc, none detonated, no one else hurt. isis henchmen are noobs.
five devices found in nyc? in addition to the five found in nj?
the other day in the car
im so sorry you had to see that side of me!!! lmao i had to smash for the one time tho and then i was fine
if he does, i would applaud him. country before party.
id like to see jill stein follow suit. why draw votes away?
we'll obviously you arent sleeping yet
cant be ur side if i curved u
welcome to minnesota, sam bradford. he threw for 286 yards and 2 tds, as the vikings defeated the packers 17-14.
teddy bridgewater would have done the same.
do you want a referral here?
i'm trying to see if i can focus pretty narrowly on react right now, but i'll hit you up if things change. thanks!
like damn just dress up w/ ur boo, grab some fam/friends &amp; have a dinner party (only xtra expense being food &amp; as many flowers possible)
lol but forget marriage i would do this every night if i could
so it took me ages but here is the incredible alan menken and angela lansbury
"took me ages" = "i edited and posted this 4 hours after leaving the theater"
true that, and get that playlist ready jam sessions incoming
lmaoo but please tell me there won't be another eminem jam sesh.
really enjoy polling data on matters of controversy. interesting results in this one on kaepernick
i'm mostly confused by the % on right to protest: we have the right to protest the day garbage is collected, why poll that?
tough loss all we can do is shake it off and get ready for next week..
stay ready my man, your # is about to be called very very soon
but seriously david, you may be right considering illegals &amp; dead ppl will come out to vote for her.
well in politics all is fair.. whatever it takes to win. whatever it takes.
shut yo glumly ass up
boi u smell like chancala soup
explanation of the 51-nation trade in services agreement (tisa)
who supports tisa/tpp? 2 john's &amp; a barack kasich kerry obama = kko
i almost never do this in real life.
it does sound a bit like the arthur "falafelosophy" episode (which is a nice thing).
fyi: bats like to hang out in patio umbrellas that haven't been opened in a while.
bats can also be possible carriers of ebola and other nasty things. in case you were wondering.
target boy you're 21?? who even are you anymore
i know i'm hella old
hillary is still awaiting evidence beyond an explosion, shrapnel, fire, smoke, and injuries to decide if nyc experienced a bomb.
she's still waiting to see if benghazi should be classified as a terrorist act..she'll call it accordingly
doodle thread below
i no joke redrew this 8 times
it was an excellent night :) rt wes johnson and the haberkorn. together in one picture.
you're both amazing at what you do
did tainted food kill her dad? - the daily beast. it was salmonella in the mousse he ate at trump's castle.
"in fact, the business empire has a long and illustrious history of food poisoning cases and safety violations." shocking!
listen to 's "really doe" f/ , &amp; .
yoooooo!!!!!!!
what my sis said. nigga doesn't know his own age
i always say this. my nigga your bout to be 40. wear some suits and ties bro
nigga u look like tamone and prince had a baby
lmfao how u doing brother
new study finds that medical may be helping to curb the opioid epidemic
opoid(sic) epidemic ? read : ... that said, helps me not need more opioids/opiates.
that's what you should expect from an old, ethical man.
you're right, like most times...
just like wrestling isn't important or how no one cares about it?
dude we've moved on it's not even about wrestling anymore
honestly i haven't even started?
qurl pumpkin spice lattes started before you did smh lol
"in fact, the business empire has a long and illustrious history of food poisoning cases and safety violations." shocking!
"kathleen and thomas purgatorio, then in their 60s, ate the "salmonella-tainted mousse" at a restaurant called buffet by the sea in trump's...
i remember when you were just a freshie :')
i know time flies right
kiss kiss is one of my favorites, and nice guys felt like more of what i love of that.
life itself nearly brought me to tears. makes me want to go back and read ebert work for old favorites.
did not our president deliver a most uplifting and informative speech the other night.. our citizens sure elected the right man to lead us
. the only man who has any chance of taking his job is despicable in his contempt of the constitution and social justice. vote .
also headaches and pain!
yes! can i cancel dysphoria and pain tonight tho ahead of schedule
they have a different dress code now?
yeah apparently
give me anything from los muecas, i can smell the pinesol when those songs come on
you win mexican twitter tonight
"cab driver" by daryl hall
taxi cab - twenty one pilots
thought i could cope w the grief of losing nelly. but she left behind such a void in our home. i keep being tricked by reminders of her
i woke up this morning and reached beside the bed to give her a pet, bc she always sleeps by me.
kiss kiss is still a tighter, more entertaining mystery. buuut nice guys has ryan gosling drunkenly falling off of a balcony...
yeah agreed, still quite a few laughs in there though. :)
one thing that is always apparent tho is that scrolling is jerky and apps are slow to launch, even on the latest flagship devices.
yeah the scrolling throws me every time i pickup a android device.
it's a no from me
i hope our ap gov teacher haunts ur dreams 2nite
yo condone this?
yes. you should never touch another man's face lol
"kathleen and thomas purgatorio, then in their 60s, ate the "salmonella-tainted mousse" at a restaurant called buffet by the sea in trump's...
...castle hotel and casino on october 16th, 1989." kathleen got sick but her father was hospitalized and died the following january.
some guy told my feet are so nice heehe glad i got them done
me * ugh im so tired idk what im saying
i love and she is one in a million
awww will luv ya forever&amp;always
want nat and james to work out so bad. i know crazy
me too don't think the haters see what we see
since wells fargo got caught my student loans disappear, right?
you write for gq now...they'll make them disappear
has anyone watched blair witch yet? if so, is it worth to watch?
yea don't watch it lol
yikes i misread, thanks for pointing that out
so current count is 3 (in 1 bag) at nj charity run, 2 in ny (at different locations) and 5 (in 1 bag) at nj train station
i woke up this morning and reached beside the bed to give her a pet, bc she always sleeps by me.
instead of remembering she died, my first thought was to to hop up and look for her. then it hit me.
i agree.i think the explosions was planned ahead of time to create martial law to delay the elections &amp; maybe for a 3rd term
don't think we've seen last of some crazy events coming our way...
sophomore year when we brought isaiah watermelon kfc barbeque chips and kool aid to school for his birthday
omf an actual fucking watermelon
frigging finally.
yeah but for which role?
carl bernstein reports that bill weld is considering dropping out if he thinks johnson-weld will help elect trump.
please be true. and please follow suit. please dont let us all get killed by a madman.
. can i just say how much i love you? your service allows me to stay connected to my mom who is in hospital 1000 miles away. thanks!
i'm sad to hear that your mom is in the hospital. i hope she gets well soon.
i almost have to commend the religious right-wingers who are brave enough to appear on maher.
this isn't sarcasm. as a religious person i would get too frustrated on there if he were in one of his moods.
apa format learning sorority part 2
lily wtf are you writing in this paper??
"kathleen and thomas purgatorio, then in their 60s, ate the "salmonella-tainted mousse" at a restaurant called buffet by the sea in trump's...
...castle hotel and casino on october 16th, 1989." kathleen got sick, but her husband was hospitalized and then died the following january.
gary johnson completely botches chelsea explosion response (
did he blame the alepponese?
your story made my monday morning. bring on november
half of it didn't upload
you write for gq now...they'll make them disappear
i don't write for them i was just featured due to my good looks. :(
when your mother tries to be your friend after an argument
your mother
all of a sudden i started to think negative about myself
don't! keep your head up! be positive
0-6?? sheesh.. beside the point welcome to the agency :)
i'm high and it's a dollar, you're so irrelevant it hurts.
want nat and james to work out so bad. i know crazy
kind of wish nat won she was gonna buy her and james a house lol
suramar - i will burn you to the ground to protect this little girl.
i just did that quest, too!
y'all act like you wouldn't be in there with me
i know i would
i will be on tomorrow on the big board at 7:40am est and then at 11am est. hope you will join me.
can't wait to see you
i wonder what ever happened to tom from myspace lol
he is actually traveling the world &amp; taking some dope pictures with his camera he invested hella money in lol look at his ig
the acs archive: spring series: footwear
i wish these archive posts were seasonally relevant.
like why now lmao
right !! hate this feelin shit that be comin outta no where
i'm dead catch me in carissa alvarado's snapchat y'all blink and you'll miss
where's waldo ain't got sheeeight on me
don't play i'm dead serious
lolol i haven't even finished hw yet :/
gotta be at sfo at 10:50... i don't wanna drive
where we going bruh?
grew up in a conservative home, over the last 8 yrs i've done a 180. kicked off when mccain put palin on his ticket.
mine started around then, but really kicked in the last 3-4 years more.
...castle hotel and casino on october 16th, 1989." kathleen got sick, but her husband was hospitalized and then died the following january.
bad eggs from a vendor. six food poisoning cases. reminds me of the ending of monty python's the meaning of life. salmon(ella) mousse. sad!
beats a man to death without listening to reason like wtf. he needs punishment but i still want him on the show man
omg deluca dies??? how do u know i love him if he dies i'm not watching the show anymore
i know we're a little distracted right now but i just want to make sure everyone knows that sully was bad
my friend+i saw the trailer n were rly confused. what is the conflict?? that he saved a buncha people???
we had an hour to kill so we goofed around ikea lmao
how are you all so hip
couple retweets &amp; i'll drop on sound tonight
laptop dead n the mornin foreal .
i wrote a dumb script to find itunes mp3s that i haven't played more than once and then deleted them, freed up 15g.
can you do this with smart playlists?
hey your white ipa &amp; buswick pils are awesome, but your 6-pack cardboard carrier falls apart way to easy! fix for perfection!
thanks for being a fan of the beers. we'll take your advice into consideration. always looking to improve!
dems get the reputation of being weak precisely because white ds repeatedly cower in the face of gop threats and criticism.
in my 20s i used to make excuses for my party: we see grey when gop sees black/white. now, gmafb, how did we get so spineless?
always drinking, always simping, always thinking, never living
always dying, always loving, always hurting, always giving.
thank jesus everyday! you wouldn't be here without him!
not true. i wouldnt be here without my mom
i wish we could have it :/
aw dude i know. gramps couldn't do it this year.
i didn't play it yet. i was waiting for tomorrow &amp; alright i'll be waiting
oh you bought it through the ps store? yeah let me know how it goes
every year my feed fills up with tweets from and , and i'm sad i didn't go. next year! but what other confs do i want?
xoxo has been on my list too, . i keep hearing rumors it might not be back next year.
i didn't feel it was obnoxious. but then again i think everything i say makes me sound like a dick.
same here. high five for that
you think at 39 i would learn to put sunscreen on.
i've just done this too! am at the peeling stage, very shameful
forgot him in tht. tht reminds me before he ws used to be in the first 2
captain america and ff are both marvel...but i like the enthusiasm lol
yes bruh i'll hit you up tomorrow
fasho bro sounds good
how do these bears not have livers?
too many picnic baskets with wine?
i was very sad about it
but it was enough to provide a basis of faith in the lakers.
misophonia is a condition in which you are easily annoyed or angered by little things. such as a person who eats or breathes too loudly.
lmao found my condition
i got no reason to go to volleyball games now, atta baby caruthers, you surprise me each year
baby caruthers
i've been trying to just be cool , lowkey like always
just got a condo in downtown san diego
bad eggs from a vendor. six food poisoning cases. reminds me of the ending of monty python's the meaning of life. salmon(ella) mousse. sad!
i'm assuming the salmonella-tainted mousse was chocolate dessert mousse, and not salmon mousse like in the monty python movie. oops.
you're very welcome, i hope you can watch her match, here's night so best of luck for ukrainian princess
i hope so too! she going to snatch in the name of ukraine &lt;3
ignoring a girl when she's mad doesn't make things better...
no, but at least you don't have to hear them complain for a little while
swear we heard last night's story in our gm like 97 times
so is that what this is about? did the director finally get the story right yet or nah
i'm assuming the salmonella-tainted mousse was chocolate dessert mousse, and not salmon mousse like in the monty python movie. oops.
six food poisoning lawsuits from that.
there is love in her eyes when she looks at james. james can be a dumb ass
but a scared dumbass lol i mean that in a good way
2.0.8 patch released with fixes and perf (3 times faster server renders)
2.0.10 published just now to remove a perf console.log and to publish with a kitten gif cc
watching "europe's last great wilderness" on netflix. this is actually a nice documentary.
watch antarctica: a year on ice!
righttttt!!! these emotions playin w me
im just tryna go to sleep in peace
but actual dogs are gifts from god
but dogs are actually cute
they cower because they're always trying to toe the line to keep white "moderates" in the fold. it's paralyzing fear.
do you think that's it? bc from my perspective it's just that most progressive whites don't know a single poc.
i also remember her saying that she would set up a college fund for bailegh
yep she said that too
its ight my vibe was ruined i muted everyone
you always kill the vibe
rnc chair priebus lays down the law to those who broke pledge
its time u 2 support trump.u must honor ur pledge
i've never introduced someone to my mom.
i have...... and it's ashame. my mom questioned him from the jump.
i should probably start my homework now
it's okay you don't have to
it was as bad as that one neck video if you remember
i don't so it's not funny
nbc reported the same thing shut up
but...they didn't.
i wish more men wore earrings/jewelry in general.
averill wears earrings lmqo
. position is now to purge republicans who refuse to support an unstable white nationalist for president. solid.
purge is the key word here
six food poisoning lawsuits from that.
"in 1992, the ap reported that 'donald trump's properties have the worst track record for food-related health problems among atlantic city's
i think she was more in love then she let on tbh
i think shes guarded and hes scared of it not being real
yeah i'm sure he does
i forget who was saying it, but the idea was that the 2008 celtics team was a much better team than they were in 2010.
say hi to my big brother dylan for me! i told him how dope chicago was
i just met him for some reason i thought we met in canada lol, i'm so slow but he was dope
i'm hosting a public briefing on 9/14 at on and the trade.
you are amazing! thank you for fighting for compassionate treatment of dogs and cats! we are with you! you rock!
for a 2nd time with the , megan rapinoe knelt during the anthem. as a result, she faces possible dicipline:
they need to stop forcing the national anthem on people freedom to salute who you want.
i will be on tomorrow on the big board at 7:40am est and then at 11am est. hope you will join me.
my goodness!!! the punishment is over
"in 1992, the ap reported that 'donald trump's properties have the worst track record for food-related health problems among atlantic city's
...12 casinos' citing statements made by city health officials. between 1984 and that time...there were five salmonella outbreaks at trump ...
i got bored and wrote down all my favorite drinks from my work and here they are. i know u guys love starbucks
iced coffee with toffee nut and vanilla sweet cream is my fav!!!
no catch, lmao at this astonishingly stupefying catch rule
looks very similar to the ginn play today that was ruled a catch.
"what the fuck is simon yam doing: a study"
ever tell you bout that time in the early 90s my then-gf saw him in a hudson news on bway? we spent a good hour wondering why.
watching how obama has been treated by the right really turned my stomach. personally and in government business.
i'd say the trayvon martin situation turned caused my furthest steer left when i saw black lives politicized.
no right california straight edge
so awesome playing with you guys! now it's our turn to come visit
clean ass feed
thank you dude
if you plan to attend my briefing on and haven't rsvp'd, please call my office at (202) 225-1313 &amp; let me know you are coming. (1/2)
thank you so much mr. hastings for holding the briefing! thank you for lending your voice to the voiceless! u r a role model!
all i said was leek said to play time lmao wut r u sayin
which turned into a dick measuring contest arguing over something that has already happened like you do every single time bro idgi
something is really wrong with me
must love that line
i always have time to shit on nazis
. i'm gonna occasionally re-retweet this until the sun burns out.
...12 casinos' citing statements made by city health officials. between 1984 and that time...there were five salmonella outbreaks at trump ...
...properties, resulting in several temporary closures. 'we find it highly unusual that most of our problems in atlantic city have been ...
minnesota governor made statement focused on "tolerance" instead of acknowledging victims of terror. smh
political correctness will kill us just like germany and france!
elon musk says the future of ai is in linking it to our brains - mashable
elon knows fuck all about ai. i still agree with the opinion but his voice on the topic is no better than anybody else.
you are the ones who dropped the birther thing!obamas book'dreams of my father ' reveals he was born in kenya!no media on this?of course not
disappointed that backed down on that issue
if it was recent, no. if it was old, not that i remember
i think i tagged you two days ago
i will sleep naked in cold ass weather w/ 1000 blankets. it's normal.
that sound wonderful
mariah is a vocalist not everyone has that
we can tell
...properties, resulting in several temporary closures. 'we find it highly unusual that most of our problems in atlantic city have been ...
...associated with the trump properties,' then-atlantic city health department official denise nelson told the ap. "the physical part of the...
if i went to the shelter an hour earlier, i probably would have gone home with casey's brother. that's a tragedy
in addition to? or instead of?
yea his diss was ight too.. but he don't want it with meek lol
i ain't lying mane
...associated with the trump properties,' then-atlantic city health department official denise nelson told the ap. "the physical part of the...
...[establishments] is top-of-the-line but it all boils down to extremely poor food handling.'" sad!
indeed! they blew through the money in the good times that would have been a much needed cushion right about now..
-so what's putin's next move? expropriate a well selected group of oligarchs to expropriate, invade a country?
i forget who was saying it, but the idea was that the 2008 celtics team was a much better team than they were in 2010.
but it could also mean that lakers matured better from 2008 to 2010 than the celtics did.
they would undermine nat hard sayin how can james listen to her talk
yep that's why i like online big brother they a little late but they awesome never bias
he really does.
can you imagine the sexy daddy he's going to turn into? woof!
is europe divided between an "eu elite" and those who want to hold on to europe's christian roots?
we need to do the same here!
seat 1- awesome shirt.
thanks for noticing and for tuning in to the stream.
why break up w someone if you're gonna get butthurt about everything they do afterwards??? hahaha doesn't make sense
i just think it's funny..... nothing personal
v true
bitch lmfao he only said nice things about his sign
dreaming of lobster rolls? you wish it. we'll deliver.
hope they don't rob the deliveryman with my food.
wut do u mean how would u like if someone said ur shit?
you care about niggas opinions? cant relate
what line? lol
there's a whole line in the middle of your video
we're hiring mobile developers for google and ! join me at a recruiting event in seattle this wednesday:
an allo launch recruiting event - nice. not wasting any time.
mine took about 25 minutes, but then again my phone is only about 6 hours old.
it took a further 20 minutes but finally completed. whew! by contrast, my ipad pro 9.7 did it in maybe 15-20 minutes.
this needs to be reported from every angle: legality, cost, political, transformational.
absolute lunacy! she will bankrupt america and we will lose the middle class!
clinton is now up only by 0.7% nationwide. democratic party establishment - this is the candidate you geniuses thought was more electable.
the numbers just keep going down.
ones scared ones guardedvmeant for each othr
its not hard to tell they were holding back
don't say anything, just retweet
agday of fun?!
bbc news - new york bombs 'were both shrapnel pressure cooker devices'
used by terrorists...not bank robbers or thieves!
i was at a party the other day and this girl keep staring at me like she wanted to eat me like some candy
is that okay?
bruh something we would fucking do dude
foreals next time bitch lets get stupid high and make a pp about gossip girl
first time i've started a new job without a massive increase in ocd/general anxiety. still don't wanna meet new people but it's progress.
that's actually a massive step, hat tip to ya
i'm about to be now after seeing your tweets. looking her up on youtube
start with mo precious
black men don't cheat playa
exit stage left with the shenanigans &amp; lies
they are fearless. they are brave. soulful, strong, relentless. they are the women who rule our screens.
for a fresh change, in life.
lmao i didn't even catch that can u make me a black one please
hahaha u can use this one
i am half asleep writing it 20 minutes left omg
get off twitter!!! lol
" you never understood life until it grows inside you "
congratulations on ur baby
str8 dude fucking my hole while watching str8 porn. kept my promise, no facebook post.
fucking hot!
is medical marijuana helping curb the epidemic? what this study shows:
opiod epidemic ? plz read ....that said, helps reduce my intake of opioids. just sharing some info.
nigga lingling the only one that should be rubbing them shits
ling ling ain't available after late night workouts or lifting
once again, another hero runs toward danger and saves multiple lives in mn while kaepernick sat the bench.
highest respect for our men in uniform!
hey carly, thanks for being part of the film. "why" has always been one of my fav songs. love, nxo
a belated happy birthday from nyc. we were talking about you today! debbie dickinson and i
lol you should get together with some of my family/friends!
babe, i think it's too soon to meet the family... we just met boo
to be jewish you need 1) a jewish mother, and 2) a covenant with god (a circumcised penis). mothers don't have penises so there are no jews.
it is incomprehensible to me why so many people cling to patriarchal religions. they must be habituated to the brand name or something.
well this fucking sucks
they played the first ep of space ghost coast to coast like an hour ago and i found out i was crushed
youtube and english??????? i hate autocorrect
omgggg frrrrrr
yes ik, but u the bro and
i remember 21! and 22!! but i suck
do you have something against my line
that shit in the way
i'm bored &amp; not tired yet. i'll answer some questions...if they're good. go!
favorite place to chill on the, li ?
that massage on the last night was very close to not back
yeah don't think he got any of the hints
just got to walewale from techiman. i must commend the ghana police for setting up checks points on the route to curb highway robbers. kudos
it's always a good thing to catch the bad man.
haha, yeah. just random sunday night studio thoughts.
the creative process is so overrated
...[establishments] is top-of-the-line but it all boils down to extremely poor food handling.'" sad!
once again, donald trump is boldly breaking precedent by being the first presidential candidate to eat at fast-food chains and not diners.
bruh we can literally write about gg and 90210 &amp; tvd
don't forget one tree hill hahah
christie says you can call nj, nyc explosions terrorism
thanks chris christie...can we call you shutting the gw bridge down for political revenge an act of terrorism ?
ion give a shit bout all that fuck supreme shit, i still want that yellow preme headband lol
fuck supreme
when in roam...
i quit and more than half of that company's employees all quit five months ago. i have nothing to do with that listing or price.
|| we barely talk anymore but thanks for always checking up on me
you're welcome rat
he was not slightly rude he was giving wayyyyy to much attitude for me asking an irrelevant question
i almost fought him
once again, donald trump is boldly breaking precedent by being the first presidential candidate to eat at fast-food chains and not diners.
i know there've been photo ops of him visiting people at diners, but does he ever order meals? over-cooked steak? it's a campaign tradition.
it amazes me that i moved in yesterday &amp; people are already having midterms
my midterms are next week
i'd do anything to make you feel to make you feeeel
that album is beautiful
attempt to rehab romney/mccain via revisionism by ds to contrast trump should be seen as concession: rhetoric was inappropriate. demonized.
. it's called comparative political demonology,it happens every election &amp; yes - it's idiotic.
still haven't heard anything from on the party floor. getting concerned.
sorry about that! we just handed off the party floor between hotel execs and will be attending to the party floor shortly.
comey must resign: inside the scramble to cover up clinton's private email server
instead of resigning he should be prosecuted for dereliction of duty!
what should i get my bf for our anniversary like seriously he doesn't need anything this stressing me out
a basket of his favorite things and some little extra things like sunglasses or hats?
prior to moving here, i didn't even know it snowed in australia - let alone that the australian...
i didn't know victoria even had a winter. i was an ashamed pom come june
hrc testimony: "that was overseen by attorneys and they conducted a rigorous review of my e-mails". fbi - not true
her lawyers were not cleared to review classified e-mail!!
i know there've been photo ops of him visiting people at diners, but does he ever order meals? over-cooked steak? it's a campaign tradition.
the republicans got a lot of mileage out of obama as being a snooty elitist for asking for dijon mustard, and arugula, for his sandwiches.
i cant. this is the definition of beauty. im done.i've never seen someone rock frizzy looking curls so much.stunning
;_____; jen you're too kind omfg -virtual hug- thank you so much you're such a kind soul
what store are you in
what's wrong with soup?
for many musicians with arthritis, it hurts more to not play. read our post to learn the story of :
if it makes them play better give them the whole pharmacy.
20 billionaires own more wealth than the bottom 152 million americans - half of our population. we need an economy that works for all of us.
sounds like it's time for a revolution...anything else will keep the royals in their castles...oliver cromwell !
shit still go crazy
he fell off after that one. damn i use to listen to this senior year crazy haha
need suggestions for my ladies night halloween playlist. wanna go heavy on female singers. feel free to rt - i need about 4 hours of music!
horrorpops!
the republicans got a lot of mileage out of obama as being a snooty elitist for asking for dijon mustard, and arugula, for his sandwiches.
we wouldn't have that problem with a president trump. i don't think trump had heard the word arugula until obama mentioned it that one time.
butter pecan ice cream is healthy because of the pecans right?
what you don't know won't hurt you
slow start to my modeling career. straightwoodphotos by
you ass i took these
dear australian friends - 'housos'? really?
new collective noun for houses?
yeah a closed one
the valley dairy is too?
yes it was she rolled over he sat up a gentleman thing.
he should of just said sorry and told her he loves her
and we gave them how much money, exactly? does anyone actually know?
we will probably never know!
i wish i had gone to sojourn to the past () in hs. lots of my friends went &amp; learned about the civil rights mvmt
in college, i wish i had studied computer science instead of environmental engineering
i should probably start shopping for a homecoming dress
yes, that would be a good idea
the shower and massage machine is ..
lmfao i do that now a machine ain't gone give me booty rubs
already full booked today, sorry guys for many trial call, but always welcome
just happy to give you a hug once a year unless i get to tokyo.
now this i believe.
loretta does not have any grandchildren!!
so let me get this straight quantum leap, you decided to take your hilarious "sam becomes a chimp" episode &amp; sandwich it between...
your "sam is in the body of a rape victim" episode and the "brutal, gory family murder" episode?
man u was one of those tumblr dressers with them last kings hat on, an obey shirt with a damn jean jacket i bet
lol you prolly own more of that than i do. everytime i see you, you in a thrasher shirt. ole hipster ass
it's great! i'm sad britty drake left the band though i can't hear anyone sing hollow body and dogwalk it just sounds impossible!
no way. i had no idea. it's not the same
we wouldn't have that problem with a president trump. i don't think trump had heard the word arugula until obama mentioned it that one time.
it gets better... "as 's business empire grew, so did the list of food safety violations. in november 2012, the djt restaurant in the ...
ceo sara chipps giving the coolest talk on going from cto to ceo in the hardware tech biz!
sara chipps has done so many amazing things, including cofounding , my favorite women in tech org!
i think my scoliosis is getting worse it's uncomfortable laying on my back
i have scoliosis to, sleeping on the floor helps
it gets better... "as 's business empire grew, so did the list of food safety violations. in november 2012, the djt restaurant in the ...
...trump international hotel in las vegas received a staggering 51 violations 'including month-old caviar and expired yogurt,' according to ...
send book recommendations my way.
i'm only 4 books away from my yearly goal with about 3 months to go.
the way to make africa prosper: education
@ and accountability.
what will the new state duma look like? here is a projection of the party breakdown
-not the shape, color and texture of a democratic parliament.
water gun emoji. remember that
you really not about to update your phone over the damn water gun emoji ??
the contempt liberals have for americans is finally on full display.
contempt and no respect!
true he could of handled it alot better tbh
lol all us manly men with love in our hearts
...trump international hotel in las vegas received a staggering 51 violations 'including month-old caviar and expired yogurt,' according to ...
...another ap report." sad! so now we know why trump's afraid of restaurant food. he doesn't know how to manage food safety in his own!
good to hear. loved the book and and noticed the show popped up on netflix recently
that's what got me watching. very good adaptation and the actor playing strange is perfect
to the high school team that took a knee, the school not serving mac and cheese everyday of the week does not qualify as oppression
dude idk what it was like at ur high school but when my cafeteria served mac n cheese u steered clear
late night ft w my 3am dad
lmao your tweets confuse the shit out of me at least once a day
lol. just wrote that. dekh opore. onek kichu likhte partum, likhlum na! u know the other feedbacks, right?
if i start giving feedback on zico, it'll be but feedback on vc: he very aptly broke his image of a hero!
"hand-written letter, a portion of which is in arabic, was found inside bag that held the second device"
wow, note in arabic??? couldn't be! it's not terrorism!
idk about all that but ok
a wise philosopher stage named biggie smalls once said if you don't know now you know nigga
naw they can't strap up
lmaoo they can just dont want to
haha i'm actually relived that there's a lot of y'all around my same age. i was starting to feel old xd
pff, you're not old: i was born in '72 xd
he is a little one note villain.
yup. just evil and crazy. he was more interesting in the book. love the casting for strange and norrell though
ohhh god i hit art burnout and nothing is coming out right and im giving out such shitty revenges i feel horrible
ofc people who are better at art than me are attacking me for some reason so it feels even worse fuck
oh my fucking god stop it
the lil tongue
all are welcome on gab and always will be.
well it looks mighty like a conservative echo chamber right now...
who is investigating hillary's "loss" of $6b as sec of state? why is this not breaking news at least
yup it's called creative bookkeeping!
u got 2 be joking traw why is that even your @ !
cause nigga. shit sounded coo in hs and it stuck. i can't get rid of it. everyone calls me that now lol
i thought so too, maybe this week hopefully
yeah next week might not work
the obama administration knew of the irs scandal 2 years before congress uncovered it-but did nothing.
obama promoted it!
: photog sets up for complete emmy coverage. join us at 11.
what a great night for the emmy's and a relief even for just a moment from politics. terrorism &amp; sadness!
i find instagram to be so boring now. i barely post anything anymore
all social media is boring
the elite republican anti trumpets better listen, we nedd to ensure our supreme court is pro constitution!
i see i was tweeting pissed off again.kind added a "d"&amp; missed an "e".that's what happens discussing hcsupreme court
really miss . maybe someday i'll be able to go back...:(
you should!
who's &amp; ready for another vlog this monday morning?!
documenting stuff like is so cool. its 1 of those things that ill be able to look back on &amp; say thats where xy&amp;z all started
i'm binging stranger things, everyone leave my emotional ass alone
i felt a god damn rollercoaster of emotions, the duffer brothers can lick my asshole
i've tried that but since we he wood floors it doesn't help so i always have to sleep on my stomache lol
oh no! i have carpet so i slept on the floor for so long try puting a thin blanket
free fiction on the 14th: night and day
are you working on any new night stalker books
this is so true; i have never once been excited or interested in apple pay until now.
dude paying for a cab with your watch is f'ing pimp.
ugh well it could hurt when i find out it's not when i get fat
that's very true.
we have a system with deep checks &amp; balances, biased against change, &amp; without question 2017 will see a divided government.
true. and welcome , to the united coalition of the divided!
her birthday tmr but ima about to ko
yo the second pic makes me cringe bc my sunburn on my nose
...another ap report." sad! so now we know why trump's afraid of restaurant food. he doesn't know how to manage food safety in his own!
and this clown wants to be president? oy vey.
why not rt : why am i up ?
because i have to be up in 3 hrs
yes a foundation one
lmao ok i'll se what i can do knowing my mom she's not going to take me
now i want to hear the jeff ross one, &amp; re-listen to her gene simmons interview.
ugh, gene simmons is such a turd
all the horrible things trump has said about immigrants, muslims, blacks, women -- but clinton calling racists &amp; bigots deplorable is bad.
i hear your sane voice of reason through all of trump's political insanity. is there a way to deport trump? please?
. either you are extraordinarily not aware, or have no idea what can happen in a nuclear attack. the...
porkis ki geedad dhamki se impotent log dartein &amp; not indians. becoz of cowards like you small countries also send warning to india
"the dao has gotten the attention of the staff at sec and they are surprisingly well informed."
that is a scary quote. i wonder if they'll search twitter to find promoters.
lose the sarcasm, a-hole
are you drunk or angry?
1 year ago, and i went on our first real date, life has never been better since that day
none of these are from the first day we went out!
sfpd looking at possible links with young victim in sex scandal and some lateral officers from oakland..
call out the occ, the "young" girl is a victim. cops have infatuated women much like death row inmates.
he was paying attention but remembered the cameras no kiss
i would of had a hard time resisting
that's the type dog shit story u sellin people terrible taj, terrible.
shut up nigga. worry about them kids after yo lucky charms. ole leprechaun lookin ass
documenting stuff like is so cool. its 1 of those things that ill be able to look back on &amp; say thats where xy&amp;z all started
even if u could care less abt building an audience somehow documenting ur life in a meaningful way is wuld to have vids frm my gparents
she's not the best option. everyone just wants to pretend the other options aren't options.
who's another option jill stein polling at 2%? get real the election is like 60 days out.
probably right...
i certainly hope so! hillary will bury us and dance on our graves.
watson and holmes (2012) // new paradigm studios get it now here
this comic is so underrated, someone oughta make a show out of this
i really don't know why i'm still awake
cause youre rewritting scripts
they're literally calling it "pepe's pond" are these scumfucks serious
it's just depressing... and shows they've totally co-opted the frog meme as an alt right symbol.
tight. iphone 6 got announced and destiny just dropped. i'm broke lol.
the iphone 7 just released this weekend
both of you actually lol but i still have this one though
ope in the backkkkk
hello friends!
(i overthink the grey area of every question. there should be an option for that.)
all day i've been trying to clean up all my shit &amp; reclaim control over my life (which has been a long time coming)
but i've been confronted w/some hard-hitting questions about my attachment to material things. e.g.: how many 3-hole punches do i rly need?
thais search for missing as 15 die in pilgrim boat accident
-i hate hearing about about boat accidents, drowning is a terrible way to go.
i'll meet you there ... after midnight
this video is making me dizzy!
casey would be in the next county if i let him off his lease
miller is good for the most part. he loves running at the beach though
fuck i've been watching youtube videos of people getting knocked out for the past 3 hours
gotta check out worldstar bro
and this clown wants to be president? oy vey.
i'm not even jewish, and i had to code switch to yiddish phrases to express my dismay at trump's incompetence. the guy's a complete schmuck.
hahaha i can't put on twitter
fair enough, come to sf and be sketchy w me
we ask that you remain vigilant. be aware of your surroundings. if you see something, say something (888)nyc-safe
unless it's about middle easterners. then you will be labeled islamaphobic!
bro except drake you cannot seriously say meek is better than drake, drake is the greatest rapper to ever touch this planet
bro the only person who could beat meek is silento
almost? damning with faint praise?
shouldn't have said almost actually haha
obama was cracking isis jokes as isis was stabbing innocent people in
what an idiot
some people don't understand our love, but to me it's the best kind of love because it's our own
i saw our mom today w/o you
i gotta be up @ 7 rt : because i have to be up in 3 hrs
we on the same boat
ugh, gene simmons is such a turd
i thought fresh air was out of whyy? is that still around?(i lived in havertown as a kid, i kinda grew up w/ freshair/philly npr)
i'm not even jewish, and i had to code switch to yiddish phrases to express my dismay at trump's incompetence. the guy's a complete schmuck.
schmuck: a foolish or contemptible person. that's donald trump. sad!
how "technically no" &amp; not just no? where's the loop hole? or are you just speaking from a firm christian stance...
i say technically because according to the bible all other faiths r false...but the bible says a lot of things
hold up woah then what r we
we are lovers
blood doesn't make you family. the love does.
you right babe you right
and the primary and everything else lol.
itt: a bunch of conservative white guys claiming *they* are the ones being censored. yikes.
whenever i think about how i'd like to do a serious quantum leap follow-up &amp; i feel like i'm betraying the original i see these episodes
continuations are a tricky thing for me in that usually i just want the mythos elements to elevate a tangent concept
isis translation
and hillary wants to admit more unvetted immigrants!
i hate math with a burning passion
can you help me
how "technically no" &amp; not just no? where's the loop hole? or are you just speaking from a firm christian stance...
so if u want to incorporate buddhism go on ahead i see no issue...but don't go telling a minister that cuz it's u orthodox
. either you are extraordinarily not aware, or have no idea what can happen in a nuclear attack. the...
sir request you to educate this army chopper jock
like i said, i prefer to focus my limited time saving people. debating fine people with other priorities is waste of time
how much time does it take to sign something saying you support h.res 752?
it's "terrorism" if it was intended to make a political statement/impact. otherwise, it's not
i'm trying to figure this statement out.
did you move to ny with no plan or housing idea?
mish is busy and my other friend hates me now
all sorted now - thanks everybody. back to being nice all the time on the internet.
yo man i dont want to rain on your parade but she tagged the wrong luke mcgarry!
mish is busy and my other friend hates me now
but yeah, i couldn't find a sublet before i moved, i'm visiting a couple tomorrow
continuations are a tricky thing for me in that usually i just want the mythos elements to elevate a tangent concept
like really i just want my own time travel series with heavy judeo-christian spiritual elements but the quantum leap bits are useful mythos
i think that it's design to make you make a final decision on the gray areas in a way.
i still think some need more context.
the cartoonish, over-the-top stuff in the early 2000s action movies is a breath of fresh air next to the ultra-gritty tone of today's films.
respectfully, disagree. i like gritty, if we could only eliminate the special effects.
these raccoons at sf state are reckless
oh fuck where at
scufs weren't allowed when they first came out either. they were classified as a "modded" controller until scuf paid to be allowed at events
nigga keyboarding is cheating
but i've been confronted w/some hard-hitting questions about my attachment to material things. e.g.: how many 3-hole punches do i rly need?
am i really going to wear this shirt again? will i ever be able to fit into these tiny shorts? who cares about these class notes? etc etc
on confirming judges, senate just says no .. "unprecedented opposition" by republican leaders as vacancies mount. .
if i refuse to do my job, i won't be paid. congress would get something done if we withheld their pay.
you mean continue to promote the person who best represents me and the country no matter what anyone says? i am!
bernie isn't on the ballot &amp; jill stein is a joke.
also, reduced demand thanks to all the cafeterias
the cafeteria workers can't afford the rents
her clothes are on
u dont always have to be buttass naked when u have sex henny jeez
seams she is afraid to ask. doesn't want rejection.
they both just need to loosen up
happy birthday you're a super cool ass dude, u know wassup
thanks starr
just keep smearing it as a neo-nazi platform and i'm sure the leftists will flock to it. histrionics are key!
gab must be working out great if y'all still find the need for scouting out my twitter posts... leave this place
the lovely ladies of oracle at
and with a great view on the background.
east bay early evening view.
orange skies at night (orange skies at night) whoa-oh (whoa-oh)
i love stuffing but kinda feel like i'd be betraying thanksgiving if i ate it on a day that's not thanksgiving?
realest shit i've read today
boy u look like ted don't play with me
boy your hair look like cheeto crumbs shut up
happy birthday bro !!!
thanks bro. hope all is well out there
it's a part of learning and growing. sometimes we have to go through situations to in order to grow
so how many times is this type of shit supposed to happen, like i'm so over it
the "intentional but not terrorist" bombing
hahahaha everyone knows it was a terrorist!
fuck no nothing but creeps and rednecks
there's way too many catfish on there.
. you're kidding, but wrote a why i love hurricanes that hit red states piece shortly before katrina.
not to mention rfk jr's "mississippi deserved katrina because of haley barbour" huffpo article-hastily revised after.
did you just assume my race you racist motherfucker holy shit you white piece of garbage
well your avatar *is* a picture of a white bro with an assault rifle... go troll elsewhere.
it's remarkable the difference between him and the current candidates. the terms rule is dumb.
i get the reason for term limits, but like, maybe you shouldn't have more than 2 in a row, but can run again later
dont forget about all that emmys live tweeting
clearly i didn't!
yeah until you get a bigger piece and the shading hurts after hella long lol
ooo yeah my little one had no shading...lol do you go numb after a while or no??
that's up to you
no it's not up to me, i do everything right
i was confused as to why i was biting the bottle but then i remembered it takes two hands to screen shot!!!!!
you had a pretty hard time, honestly haha
oh yeah? what the hell do you call what happened in nevada?
we're still talking about nevada the even if he won he'd still lost the nomination.
ur appointment date for homebase scheduled for 9/23/16 12:15 pm. address 890 garrison ave bronx, ny 10474. contact number (929)259-9430
this is my appointment for finding another place to stay
umpire brian o'nora diagnosed w.concussion, per ap pool reporter. can't travel until he's cleared. said it was hardest shot in his 30 years.
thanks for update. hope he'sback soon.
a slice of bread piloting a plane with the shoulder ruffles
a kid swinging without any arms
seriously love teresa more than life.
like seriously
if you're fat, then i'm certainly fat, too
thank you
was anyone else expecting some jackie chan shit or was i the only one?
holy fuck! that's how i was sitting next too
even children are asked to declare loyalty to abu bakr al-baghdadi group leader.
brainwashing at the earliest ages! disgusting!
damn, props. that's like something i get drunk and rant about to my friends about doing. what are you trying to accomplish?
live for a year. maybe work a cool job. get into a dope art school.
clearly i didn't!
would you believe that i paid 30 bucks for wifi mostly so i could follow on twitter because that's what happened
if you're wondering... for an ygo! doujin event after party prideshipping fans held an actual wedding reception for kaiba and atem
at a previous event they had an engagement party and even filled out an actual legal japanese wedding license application for them
what a season start-alien opens today!
thanks aidan. you are a top man xx
maybe put it off for a bit to give yourself time to recover?
ughh idk how long it'll take though and...
am i really going to wear this shirt again? will i ever be able to fit into these tiny shorts? who cares about these class notes? etc etc
re: class notes: why was i such a nerd? shoulda spent less time w/ms equation editor &amp; more time @ networking events
i'd do anything for you. in the dark
who's manz is this
2% in polls not polling anyone under 50 when they bother polling everyone. vote for you choice, not lesser evil
it sure isn't jill stein she's not a serious candidate. it's hrc or trump just keep it real.
taj ya hair looks like burnt ramen noodles knock it off
ryan you look like you belong in the next season of american horror story child please
ninja turtle smack cam (vine by )
i don't care who you are, that's funny!
how did this happen
time compression
teach me how to feel white guilt, o wise one
i'm just exercising my right to free speech, bro.
at a previous event they had an engagement party and even filled out an actual legal japanese wedding license application for them
in case the event looks absolutely amazing and they went all out, i'm so proud and deceased at the same time
i am one word off the word count minimum im so upset
update: i added a completely unnecessary word
welcome to muricah
i wasn't expecting hillary to be that far right (obviously not scientific but still)
at a previous event they had an engagement party and even filled out an actual legal japanese wedding license application for them
in any case the event looks absolutely amazing and they went all out, i'm so proud and deceased at the same time
you just named one person. cool it.
he's clearly their leader now or asst. leader whatever that means
bitch u asked for help... so send pics of ur math.....
this is the 2nd time youve called me bitch...sorry not interested anymore
i want to hit aron 99.9% of the time
that's not nice
and we have the same damn phone.
64 gb but that's why they were deleted no more storage
what we've learned: when something's "intentional" it's not terrorism. if someone's "extremely careless" it's not illegal.
sad sad state of affairs!
schmuck: a foolish or contemptible person. that's donald trump. sad!
"this may, another ungraded inspection found 'live roaches present in facility's food and/or non-food areas' of the trump cafe and grill...
you see people think i dropped out of high school cause i wanted too be a juvenile kid &amp; get introuble for hustling the wrong way but if
they only knew i dropped out to work &amp; make money to help my mom out since my dad got deported cause this country can't get
lately i've been really getting into ai hasukawa's work. i love her artwork.
sweetness. i might check her out. any titles you're currently reading or recommend?
with purono partner in crime pick it up from a stall near you :))
handsome &amp; beautiful "crime in partners" cover pic mag ?
truuu!! but you never know!!! this model girl might really be talking to you!
see, you just gave me more hope
can't sleep mind is racing
same here
"this may, another ungraded inspection found 'live roaches present in facility's food and/or non-food areas' of the trump cafe and grill...
...and determined that the restaurant was not "vermin proof,"... one week prior to that inspection, trump had tweeted a picture of himself...
nevada had everything to do with momentum moving forward. context is crucial.
take a deep breath and move forward the primaries are over.
i hate the unlock screen on ios 10. i don't want to hold my thumb over the sensor and then press down. no no no.
you should be able to just press without a preemptive hover
they only knew i dropped out to work &amp; make money to help my mom out since my dad got deported cause this country can't get
over racism and equality.
media's response to tonight's bombings and stabbings reminds me of their response to the benghazi attack. goal's the same, protect dem pols.
exactly. protect dems regardless of the cost to americans!
you just have to move on with your life, god has greater plans for you both and now you have to focus on yourself &amp; what's best
this recurring theme is too much.
guys, my gov ball investigation: the kids of didn't get sammies!! gatam matarrazzo:"we were just the delivery guys!"
so much fun reading your tweets tonight.
i hate u whatever you're gonna fail math without my help
hey youre the one whos bein mean
he can kick rocks, since hagee wants to live in dust lol
wtfff did i write? i ment *since he i can't type i better kick rocks
we aren't friends anymore
lmao i'm getting to it, like i've heard it but i can only deeply listen to and process one album at a time
you realize those polls are run by the same people we don't trust to tell the truth? get woke.
so what u think jill stein is polling at? lol. let's get real here.
i went numb after a while for the lines but shading hurt like a bitch after a while lol. my leg was on fire
dang i wouldn't do anything big tbh...i just liked how it was like a burning pain, i'm weird like that but it was cool!!
i really wanna go to this. manic hispanic and youth brigade are rad.
it's going to be soooo sick. and i don't work that much this week, so i can skate
pdx platinum vip pic download link broken - update?
have you been able to see your picture? i'm still waiting on sacramento
i ain't voting either of those two pieces of trash.
good for you.
one adorable moment early in the morning, cute ship or just a nice moment between tired horsies? enjoy~
must we choose?
i might have to go with a lawyer to represent me. and get a marketing team.
i'll work for you reference
i'm the nicest person in the whole wide world..
thats not what youre portraying
the immensely talented stevie ray vaughan performing crossfire &amp; tightrope
a guitar genius and a singer you die to listen to.
my struggle is cheese so yeah. oct 5th will be day one.
so two whole weeks huh? good luck
that doesn't imply terrorism at all.
because regular bad guys use pressure cookers loaded with a shrapnel not!
wow. 100% disagree, but you're not here everyday so it makes sense you're uniformed
gotta agree with amy in this one. watching them today i saw a group of men playing their hearts out.
what's wrong with it?
"an active terror cell in the ny/nj area w/jonathan4ny"
help, mexican food is setting my throat on fire!
haha so sorry my friend. are you ok now?
took the words out my mouth
whatchu observe about me
where can a guy like me find posters of his favorite bands
probably amazon
this says nothing.
how does it say nothing i literally just told u the bible says it would be unacceptable but there r a lot of things we do
breaking: wikileaks exposed that hillary's brain damage a result of secret near fatal plane crash
check actual email; "jake, thought you'd get a kick out of the conspiracy theory" clinton injured
lol they obviously showing 2 extremes. he still very much interactive despite this segment.
i was referring to the songs themselves lol
i just saw a video of you online ...manga muripo just as we were at rotten row
ha ha ha ha. we trying to make things right .
because they are correct
taxman is very good and paul played the cool bass part...
i am real. i don't vote for crooks and liars, racists and bigots.
i know i need to vote for hillary or there will be a neo nazi in the white house that's real.
this says nothing.
that the bible says is unacceptable
if they have even a drop of my dna best believe
oh they comin out knowin errry dinosaur
i lost 25 dollars today cuz the atm at the bank had a technical difficulty and i just noticed
call the bank, they refund it
okay..? why do i call this idiot my bestfriend ..
she lowkey understands me tho
you are the worst
well look at it this way, would you except me to say something different? lmao
you talked shit publicly. i called you out. you back down and play the victim. classic beta male move.
you're fundamentally wrong in your opinions and building a platform for white supremacists. so i really don't care what you say.
i honestly think it's b/c most white ppl don't truly appreciate the extent to which the black vote has always been under attack
but to me that feels symptomatic of the fact that white people don't see black voters, full stop.
bho has used and abused so many; hrc would continue the evil deeds. time to break it off.
beyond time to kick him and hillary out and make america great again!
rose pak battled on behalf of the poor, of immigrants, of women. i will miss her dearly, as will our city.
one boss down, one to go then you're free. why didn't you give a kidney?i'd like an alley named danielle!
lmaoooo chatttting wtf when am i ever omg
90% of the time
no my brother was coming to drop stuff off so i had to be here
plus i have class tomorrow?
taxman is very good and paul played the cool bass part...
... and the guitar solo on it. sorry 4 being a mansplaining jerk schmuck, but paul iz great.
god i love them... xd
they even served tameya and filet mignon with foie gras sauce as the meal, they went all out!!!
worded better? in a more democratic or republican way? could you give example of how you would word it?
law enforcement officials tell nbc news' jonathan4ny that they're concerned there may be an active terror cell in ny/nj area
the early bird gets the worm
the late worm gets the bird
god be praised! :) ;) :d
the "star lantern" is a parol, which represents the (cont'd)
welcome to muricah
of course bernie sanders is just making love to that x axis.
it's me, i'm the guy in the prius, and the lady and the prius and the lapd
i see the acid kicked in strong
bog they come to shine and get you dancing along with their ban..... nvm
forget bout this convo !
surprised it ain't beer
im a changed woman
this is for every girl or woman who constantly worries anout being skinny. i'm not and i like who i am.
beautiful gorgeous and sexy lady
sorry you have no proof
u called me bitch twice wth
i was seriously considering going to a doctor because i thought i forgot how to read after all those imagines
they got me fucked up lol! that one with agent coulson made me go blind i had to read it 3 times
i a having a large amount of gelato do not worry.
i knew you wouldn't let me down
he's transcendent. not a fan of the film, but brake is the motherfucking mvp. we'll be talking about him for years to come.
his performance is similar to ledger's joker, not in acting or aesthetic but in the way of a creating a game changing role
your daily dose of republicans caving. via
they are a bunch of gutless hypocrites!
we'll gladly pick a 1% candidate that represents the 99%, why so salty
ohh lord, here comes the jill steiners in their alternate universe.
the left agrees with censorship as long as it fits their narrative:
if that means muting misogynists, racists and homophobes from the internet - i'm wildly supportive of it.
god be praised! :) ;) :d
north star &amp; is used during the filipino tradition (cont'd)
taj go 2 sleep jordan is gonna be pissed if she finds out you're up past your bed time !!!
eat a dick lol
you're obviously not yourself when you're hungry cause u not making sense
stfu faggot
black dallas cop sues black lives matter, hillary clinton, &amp; obama for inciting 'race war'
love it. wonder how far it will go?!
one-game against the yankees no less.
why do fans who are supposed to be so knowledgable do the wave while sox are batting ?
. sf &lt;/violence&gt; hackathon entry today: compassionate fb messenger bot trained by sayings of dalai lama
. this hack's for you ni -- we/i &amp; will miss you down here
lol who says im getting u lot in volved im minding my own business now
no need to show a video on this
i was wrong, it is whyy, i got it mixed up with the baltimore station even though i haven't lived there in 5 years. ha ha!
oh cool, i want to check out b-more. my cousin lives there.
it's only two months. hating everything for two months isn't terrible
if it's a retail job it's prime hating everyone season.
do they still make prego tomato sauce? tryina to take it back to the humble beginnings tonight.
ain't nothing wrong with that. made me some meatballs &amp; spaghetti we'd
lol who says im getting u lot in volved im minding my own business now
the more you fight back the less chance you have in actually growing your channel
then you're basically telling me no because the church will not recognize it, though i'm not really asking to be orthodox...
i mean i would assume ur asking because u want to know if it would be recognized
god be praised! :) ;) :d
called simbang gabi, which is a novena of 9 masses @ (cont'd)
bro he performed songs from every album.
lol dog idgaf bout the concert u went to. i just made a comment about this video, ease up
i swear, the people are just as stubborn and clueless as trumpists. all they care about is weed.
gotta get them informed.
then you're basically telling me no because the church will not recognize it, though i'm not really asking to be orthodox...
cuz if u don't care about recognition who cares about whether someone thinks u can be a buddhist christian...it's ur perogative
lord pls give me the strength to be content w situations i cannot alter
why worry about it if you can't control it? whatever it is, let it be. what you can control is how you react to it
but getting paid overtime and commission to hate everyone!!
i had to do it while making pennies over minimum wage.
you feel threatened. get off twitter if you can't handle open conversations
ha, don't worry - i couldn't feel less threatened by anon alt right twitter accounts replying at me.
re: class notes: why was i such a nerd? shoulda spent less time w/ms equation editor &amp; more time @ networking events
i used to really truly believe that hard work, good ethics, clever thinking, and quality output was enough to be successful in this world
then you're basically telling me no because the church will not recognize it, though i'm not really asking to be orthodox...
i have no problem with it and think u can...but i'm not the pope so yo no se... whatchu think cuh?
my brothers lay in these coffins. their color is red, white and blue. they'll never enjoy another football game
love and respect those who gave their lives for america!
i am going to bump ever dinosaur song known to man with these belly buds!
doin theeeee most. throw some jurassic park in there. oh wait, too gnarly let's bring it down to "land before time"
if bernie wins just a few states he will prevent both trump and hillary from reaching 270. then it's up to the house
who controls the house? and you're scenario is delusional anyway.
training &amp; practicing until you become stronger &amp; better! &lt;3
night: 1 mass each day in the evening w/ food served (cont'd)
this is crazy!
there are a few jatalie fans that surpass the mcranda ones its like their lives depend on them being together its unreal
to be completely honest, i think burke was the murderer of . and that john and patsy chose to stage the scene to protect him,
i think so too :(
make ur protest in a different manner. disrespecting the flag is not effective. good luck
kap is exercising his constitutional right to free speech. people's lives are at stake.
yup! if things go well, it'll be lit. i already only eat chicken and fish. can't do red meat. it tastes gross
y not vegetarianism for a week then veganism for 1 or two...seems like going from walk to sprint
um goooorl considering the fact that its a good 1,016 degrees outside rn... highly probable it's bc of anger
my heart is cold tho
2 lil peas in a bumper car pod
they sleep the same too
so ladies if you want to learn to speak arabic, get a wellfare check &amp; learn survival skills be sure to vote for the first woman president
oh hell no!
training &amp; practicing until you become stronger &amp; better! &lt;3
after each mass. i will send you an invite when more (cont'd)
hey! this number called me at least 8times and sent harassing text about a car i don't have, fyi.
they then sent texted saying they were security and i needed to call them because my car was in a fire lane and gonna get towed.
just hearing about ? you're in for a treat, here's how to watch:
how dare you end that montage with . hitting me in the feels.
make ur protest in a different manner. disrespecting the flag is not effective. good luck
what's more important: the life of a person, or a piece of cloth? i say the person. you go, kap!
hmu if you need help w your infinite campus. ive been saving lives
s/o to for helping me log in my infinite campus mvp!
you were gonna forgive me anyway
idk im a mean person
a 25 year old hit me w this lmaooooo
staten island dudes are something else lol
if there's an all-knowing and all-powerful god does that mean we get to see the famicom version of black tiger when we die
heaven is neverending super mario world hell is neverending super mario sunshine (without the no fludd mini levels)
training &amp; practicing until you become stronger &amp; better! &lt;3
details become available! god be praised! :) ;) :d
super-light - feels like not wearing anything. soak up my stink well, too and holds it deep in the weave. for sale.
aww man i bet they smell good!
hey! this number called me at least 8times and sent harassing text about a car i don't have, fyi.
i figured it was a scam, but wanted to let you know so people don't get swindled.
"progress is on the ballot. tolerance is on the ballot. democracy is on the ballot. justice is on the ballot."
todos con la dama de hierro . she's the iron lady ...
all my life i've been looking for you
yaaas tell me more
that's pure totalitarian fascism, m8. strange, i thought you were against nazis...
stopping the marginalization of, harassment of and prejudice against minorities is social justice, and i stand for that.
before the night ends lol happy birthday keep putting work in at sj i'll see you around
hit me whenever out here yenno i got you. but good looking
surprise surprise 's united keeps control after poll via
-they don't look too happy, voter turnout was very low.
priebus: rnc could block kasich and bush from running again if they don't back trump
they can run as independens then. up yours gop hq. reagan turning over in his grave because of sh*t like this.
keep supporting them no matter what. promise?
promise!!! ...and i'll never break it!!!
no i'm asking because i want to know do the beliefs conflict.
i dunno i'm not a theologian just google info and compare and contrast...im sure there r many common principles like love, kindness
why should they be muted?
bigots don't deserve a platform.
this weekend was somethin else
round two next weekend
tht was so cute in bumper car
i do think they are soulmates
update: elizabeth, nj mayor says five devices found in bag near train station. one exploded while bomb squad robot tried to disarm it
wow! 5 different devices? how can they deny terrorism?
wonderful news to wake up to. congratulations to team on our win!
well deserved. congrats to you and all involved. rules!
try volunteering as a paramedic for a while. it'll nudge something else to the top of the list, guaranteed.
you don't want me as your paramedic
so i've finished the first hp book onto the second, the book was fun, left a smile on my face not a lot do that
i'm conflicted about snape i hate him but than he saved harry from two face
they are in fantasy land they need to grow up half of them dosent even realize what love is.
it's disturbing lol i mean its cool if it works out for james sake but i really could care less i will still support j
no i'm asking because i want to know do the beliefs conflict.
and what i said about we don't follow stuff in the bible cuz we don't...we don't stone people for tattoo, eat shellfish, and lie
bartended a brewery anniversary party tonight and drank maybe 7oz of beer.
also, i am one of six people at 13 right now. plus noah.
ok twitter. help and i settle this debate. if you listened to a book on tape, can you still say "i read that book"?
i think yes. you just absorbed the knowledge a different way.
but it doesn't sound like a protest. it was nfl day.
even if it were a protest, doesn't the kid have the right? isn't the const. for all?
my arteries clogged just looking at it
shit looks gross
i was being ironic. i hate taxman because it's a good song musically, but bad lyrics. like slip it in by black flag.
i love it musically. and i'm an asshole because i'm somewhat sympathetic to the lyrics (the tax rate on brit celebs..
wow, the first show i watched made me think a hispanic intruder or trailer guy did it; now cbs version points 2 a cover-up.
exactly! this cbs show seems to clearly point to family member/s :(
you don't like our presence here. you must really fear losing your supposed 'legitimacy'.
ok cool, i'm bored with this now. night.
me when i've completely given up on life and do not give a single fuck
why does she do that like wtf she doesnt care at all
sounds like a really indecisive deity.
he's a hypocrite just like his followers.
don't intentionally condescend to a girl for how she looks or who she is and then tell me that you're a confident person
if you were confident you'd be uplifting her not dragging her down to the level that you're at
lol she's a war hawk dude. she uses drone strikes all the time
for the record, not every liberal is against war. most democrats support them if it protects the nation
my beautiful, loving, wonderful dog nelly died yesterday. we lost a piece of our hearts. rip nelly, the best dog ever. i miss you so much.
i'm so so sorry. nelly was a good dog.
i have a lot of things to say.
1. you look good. 2. thats where all my coconut water went 3. whats your problem with your jaw
i'm conflicted about snape i hate him but than he saved harry from two face
we'll see where that goes, i don't know what took me so long, should've appreciated the series sooner
you already know! straight insert a "womb wall projector" to play the movie "dinosaurs. we gone have surround sound an errathang
taking this to a whole notha level rn. gotta get all those belly hydrolics
nl west watch: d'backs walk off on dodgers in 12th inning
on the good side i thought cain pitchedrather well.
i think inheritance with classes is fine as long it's always *only* additive. yes?
what about virtual functions? empty methods that are meant to be overwritten like react's lifecycle methods
elijah had that jersey for years, he's my good friend. he wasn't protesting... just working
this is what it's all about. we must have the conversation about race or nothing changes.
these 3 drunk guys flipped their car &amp; after pulling one of the guy out. i just told em to dip before the cops came
they ended up hopping the fences and cops were using night vision cameras to find them
ive read it 6 times and i still have no idea what it says
i saw the words thereless and reuning then i zoomed in cause i thought i was seeing things! wait does hydra kidnap you im??
damn word when?! how you let that happen?? lol
yeah man it was delivered to my front door.i was coming back home from work and it wasn't there. so i'm pretty sure someone took it
it's hard stanning her sometimes i swear ahsjwhefbfewhbfewhbf she makes my heart hurt
i honestly shdhzhdhf i love brit so much its just.... im like dufhshhs britney please
you're gonna need to give more details
pretty simple story.haha
the asshole in the drive-thru in front of me tonight at taco bueno ordered 50 99 tacos. i sat there for 20 minutes...
if ordering that many call ahead!
elijah had that jersey for years, he's my good friend. he wasn't protesting... just working
elijah didn't mean to, but i think his situation has put him in the forefront of all of this.
lol y'all not that good
apparently cuz y'all niggas still manage to cheat
i love it musically. and i'm an asshole because i'm somewhat sympathetic to the lyrics (the tax rate on brit celebs..
... (was kinda crazy in the sixties. or maybe it wasn't. i don't really know ... end parentheses)
he's not, and the is on crack.
oh good christ, i work in market research and i can sniff out a false narrative like a bloodhound.
i feel embarrassed as a friend to both of you that i didn't force this to happen already.
i got to hang with him for a whole day!! things ppl will do for free wifi pop
looking for new stores to check out while sick in bed
her store is pretty bomb
we'll see where that goes, i don't know what took me so long, should've appreciated the series sooner
a part of my childhood unappreciated, shame on me honestly better late than never though.
can i just write a book about all my friends like each chapter is just why they're so great?? would u guys read that im gonna do it!!!!!
im pinning this tweet so i remember it tomorrow
come on lmfaoooooooo
like who does that shit lol
god is on my side &amp; he's got me , therefore you cannot take my happiness from me no matter who you are &amp; what it is you're doing
amen to that
say i'm not always right lol i called all of this
whatever nhdydomous
hope you have been well since e3 2015! do you think crash will be remake or remaster? hit me up homie!
i think it will be a remake in the style of a remaster. so new engine, but same gameplay/levels.
i presume ca means california? not everyone understands. when tweeting think globally not locally.
ca means california. not globally
find me a link so i can watch mfs gon watch episode one with me then abandon tf outa it
ok i gotchu
time for me to invest in a new bed
cant wait to break it in
where should i sleep
why am i taking your advice i need to piss
at this point as long as she's happy i'm happy :( she hasn't served a look in so long..i'm parcheddddddddddd ugh
yeah tbr as long and shes happy and feeling good and still performing and putting out bops im gr8
disagree. obama would be winning this by 10+. she was up 6-8 fairly recently. this last drop is scary.
sept is always crazy. look same month '12, '08. also realize we're in a whole new world of shit media!
finally things are falling back in place
what does this mean?
a part of my childhood unappreciated, shame on me honestly better late than never though.
well written too, no cringy dialogue like you get with some ya books
part of me wants to go mia and stay off social media for a while
tbh lol same
you are the bigot. you can't even look at a different opinion without getting triggered.
haha ok, i'm done with this experiment of trying to see you as a human being... resuming block, you're not worth the energy.
anyway for anyone it's 10 mg and that's what i have and u don't get tired
do you have the immediate release or sustained release?
lmaoooooooooo stfu noooo u jus low key do shit in ur sleep to piss me off then wake up playin victim
whatever smh. you just take ya frustration out on me &amp; get tight when i catch and attitude
i'm having very, very strong bulimic urges right now. i need to push through it. anyone have any amusing gifs?
i really like this one:
they do they get each other a lot too
yep like she said the the ying to her yang
is the culprit one of the 10,000 syrian refugees obama bragged about accepting? could be.
is the culprit a twitter troll come to life could be
dear doctor i know ambien doesn't work for me because pre sobriety i took like 7 and nothing happened love alayna
please tell me you're joking!
can't wait for gym tomorrow
senorita laura is getting me a gym membership, so i have no excuse not to go when y'all try to drag me to the gym
anyone wanna move to mexico with me? one of our dollars is worth 20 of theirs
lol nigga you step foot there and you get killed. i can see it from my house and hellll na
looks like 5 afghan refugees in custody in ny bombing.
looks like five are in custody for this
oh it's going down. this is the prime breeding olympics !
this is crucial. team usa
side-by-side sample of what has revealed vs.
is this supposed to excuse all of the murders she has commuted second hand overseas?
not all heroes wear capes. exposed video tomorrow on this guy, leaked my address because i wouldn't collab with him.
can't wait i see cry baby novaslaya complain about stupid shit now to see what u got
one in five ceos are psychopaths, new study finds 'proportion similar to prison population'
-we have an orange psychopath running for president who is a ceo.
cell phone is to expensive. help.
second job?
time to ;-) top ten data sharing models that increase/require patient engagement? a "hackathon" to share data?
yes!!! maybe we can host here
we all know that "entrepreneur" and "self employed" on tinder just means unemployed. you're not fooling anyone
also the nonspecific "producer"
not all heroes wear capes. exposed video tomorrow on this guy, leaked my address because i wouldn't collab with him.
after hearing him i'm sticking on your side with this
carson palmer was only 18-for-31 today. but he averaged over 17 yards per completion!
great when he has time....not when he gets hurried
who aint down for a free game lmfao
i know but i know for damn sure it only had a usps logo and what not. i just gotta go threw claims and get another one
why am i taking your advice i need to piss
pissed in the sewer grate
there's a blue jeep for sale by my house. it's already lifted and it's a two door. i want it so bad
we can mob out
congrats &amp; eto talaga ang fc na may puso
may god bless the work of your hands...
senorita laura is getting me a gym membership, so i have no excuse not to go when y'all try to drag me to the gym
so you going with us tomorrow ? and from now on
also weirded out by "no drone strikes". it's either drones or troops. life is filled w/ false choices
glad this is happening to hillary. it'll put some fight in her and her supporters.
you guys do rock, ! see you tomorrow night for more , and another tuesday 12a/11c.
can he keep the owl lol
to all my seniors back home in ac please ask me for help with college stuff if you need it bc i did that shit and you can too.
even if you aint hmu in a while i got you please let me help you i know that shit is hard af.
jags d was decent today? or was gb sloppy? didn't watch the game. sam bradford has to be playing at home...so i'll take it. :)
and i'll get you the rgb values of the
why should i take it down im proveing my point
proving what?? he did something very simple and apologized. no need to bra cry baby and bitch about it
yeah, eating out at places/restaurants cannot happen as much anymore. oh my god.
prioritize, and budget. you've been smart and frugal as long as i've known you. you can do this.
does that mean i shouldn't teach my son about point spreads?
dfs, the lottery and the casinos say different
holy holy.. gawww' damn i have some talented ass fuckin' friends! waoo!! *heart eye emojii
you're one of my most talented homies. i haven't seen your art in person but from your posts they're amazing.
listen back to an hour w bradley zero, focusing on some favourite sounds from australia //
respect the shirt
don't mean to brag but i didn't even shed a tear
jesus my man that is on another level. can't imagine the faces of the people in the er
yasssss i gotta get my sexy back
we'll be ready by 9 tomorrow we hitting the gym hard i want a six pack by halloween i want to be tomb raider !!
pretty good i would think.
southern and arctic oceans?
pepe is a good boi. a frog of peace. don't be mad at pepe bcz someone misused him.
i go all the way back to dragon ball z
lapd wastes no time in closing streets for any shitty award show
it's them over-compensating for their complex with dc who get to close streets for any shitty politician.
without the my gps, i made it home
what a big girl. gosh. they grow up so fast . i remember when you use to play candy crush and spend all your allowance on it.
its hot asf, no , i cant sleep, &amp; i got court in the morning cause a white lady tboned me and totaled my car
you definitely gotta force yourself to sleep. especially if you got court in the morning lol
lmao don't throw me under the bus wit them niggas girl
already did sorry not sorry
getting this so my kids can start playing full sonatas by the time they are a year old
make it a month.
70mg can be dangerous to your health. especially if you've been drinking.
if you may have built a tolerance to the drug if you regularly take it.
also, i am one of six people at 13 right now. plus noah.
though to be fair, there was the time i worked sour sunday &amp; drank so much consecration that tried to set me on fire w/her eyes.
what just happened? this is class!
his mind was writing cheques his body couldn't cash! just gave out on him, lucky he had a hero of a teammate to help him
when u taking me out tho???
you're always busy...
your leg is very hairy
i'm not going to be controlled by societal norma
solid stuff from a turd and a friend. go read it now.
more than friend, really.
i've abandoned the emmys for laverne &amp; shirley
on your marks, get set and go. now! ha
gamers have spoken. rev60 bombs, hatred continues to sell, played, makes money since 2015. so delicious!
i just see a tweet about two shitty games.
omg-i'm in tears! what a wonderful thing to do-please share!
what a wonderful story!! got me in tears as well.
how to use old cups and nail polish
yo lets do this
he was very good but most michigan fans wanted drew henson to play
did you watch him while he was at um? if yes, did you think he could be this good? what were your thoughts on him?
german immigration: 25 seconds. win!
lol i'm gonna be in cologne on wednesday to speak at a vr conference, let's hang
context: she hosted a franchise of . there's some backstory there that i want to know about!
i feel like i remember that there was some beef he had with martha over martha's ratings being below his expectations.
lol child... you better check my resume
already did i'm a detective and i read/see about you
oooo bitch my finger hurt
you need some milk.
oh look u wouldnt like someone trying to get into your account would u so im going to expose his address to so karma really
there is a reason why you're at 225+ subs and prodigy at 1100+ subs
i came to win
bringin home that gold. anything "plated" is failure.
io. .co sounds like you couldn't afford the .com
sometimes a .com just isn't possible/available. .co and .io are more acceptable these days.
just found crystal pepsi in a gas station. i had no idea it was back. blast from the past
thanks to , it made a comeback
i did but i was young. he was really good in college but never thought anything like this.
so like, you thought, yeah he can be a starting qb (even pro bowler?) but not an all timer?
mike pence really, really likes women.
if pence likes women,why has he voted against equal pay for women 7 times.
next 4 years will likely have more of this. with steady leadership, we'll be ok. with president trump? god help us.
so, uh, christie really kept them safe in seaside
i simply don't have that same fear, i feel empowered to fight them, but i think that's b/c i don't feel any commonality w/them.
i guess i feel differently bc i battle every day w white lib friends who're scared shitless @ trump and can't gain perspective
we'll be ready by 9 tomorrow we hitting the gym hard i want a six pack by halloween i want to be tomb raider !!
i'm tryna be tiny again &amp; fit in all my clothes ok i'll be ready
kinda horny this morning ;) just like this moment when you have a big beefy black cock deep inside
i would love to give you my black cock!
i honestly don't remember.
ha ok. i'm always curious on what people thought of all time greats in thier college years/rookie year.
wow so much sass
yo it's 3am if u still wanna argue when i wake up then i'm game
dude you're a right wing loser
i'm a liberal new yorker who lives in harlem. and my wife is black. wtf?
i'm with netflix on this one.
i think netflix ratings are actually projections of how you'd rate the movie based on your own ratings and viewing activity
i just published "email newsletters might save journalism - here's why"
do you see yourself building bots for this?
i need a blunt and sleep
but how will you roll it with an impaired finger?
the irish times eh? what a load of
that's some of the worst drivel i've read in some time. a few americans aren't happy with theirs, so we should just scrap ours!
dude you're a right wing loser
many shades to being a liberal. but on war &amp; free trade, i part ways w/ hard left. silly to oppose both
get yours now: imagine you &amp; me dvd released click here
will there be copies to be distributed here in the east coast (ny/nj)? thank you...
lol does he think i care or something
hey why you hating on the truth
that's some of the worst drivel i've read in some time. a few americans aren't happy with theirs, so we should just scrap ours!
i used 'some' twice in the same sentence there, more bad writing!!
i love it musically. and i'm an asshole because i'm somewhat sympathetic to the lyrics (the tax rate on brit celebs..
mostly i just want everybody to like me tho
bernie bros want to unify as much as you-the only difference is we don't sell out our beliefs to do that!
tell me again what your beliefs are and how you are enacting them now? sincerely interested.
just a small crackle, nothing to see here.
surly this couldn't even harm a fly! just a tiny boom of fire &amp; flying shrapnel.
never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama.
who are you not speaking bad about, except you doughter?! buy a mirror, then have a good look at it.
nat even said after "i wanted to kiss &amp; cuddle james all the time"
yep now she can no cameras
i got mugged playing pokmon go in central park. still talking to police and will go to hospital soon. my jaw is a mess. thanks all.
sending good vibes your way feel better!
we can be discussing a life changing decision but if it's on kik i'll probably take hella long to reply cause i have every convo on mute lol
so we gonna fight or what
some really hot guy just asked me to watch his laptop :) omg i need to chill
he was so hot i left my computer with him when i used the restroom rn gawwd sf has the hottest straight men
it's really not right that the astonishing didn't win for an emmy for either of her two seasons of .
madonna did mamet on bway. joke was any actress in ny would be better. replaced her + killed.
did anyone ever try to say that?
oh you know which group of people said that my friend. dont even front
you don't like cereal at all..
true :)))) but if i were to eat cereal it couldn't be soggy lol
update: my eyebrow zit is still festering, and considering applying for its own zip code.
it's own zit code?
i agree best time this summer watching jatalies relationship grow and talking to jatalie fans.
yeah i would of ran away from bb if it wasnt for them
art &amp; wine w/ my beautiful cousins
what school do they go to school and please introduce me to them especially if they go to schs
sometimes a .com just isn't possible/available. .co and .io are more acceptable these days.
agreed. i use io. co just looks tacky to me.
lol does he think i care or something
you're being a suck up bitch and azombieprodigy is being what a good normal yter would do and just say only one thing about it.
best summer of my life only wish i can experienvce it again
id say bring them back but id rather have last seasons cast with them they werent ugly or personal
s/o for puttin me on that make america hyphy again!
yup, weekend was one for the books
ok twitter do your thing... find carter batch
i know carter
if rachel can beat your ass then you're no competition for me
rachel can't pin me sooooo
i come home to find out the house across the street from me got broken into last night
were the residents ok?
yes bruh, in zim. it's like "more open source" without sanctions limitations
what's the possible uptake in zim ? how many people use it . feasibility study will show you that it's not worth it
tell me how it is
movie was so fuckin stressful gave me anxiety
victorian ladies face off. shot &amp; edited like a western. instead of guns they fire elegant words at each other
sounds fantastic! will we get a chance to see it sometime?
any designers designed a web app concept? having a look on sellfy, but cant find much
app and web designers here. submit details via
you know it was a good weekend, when you and your friend both got diiiiick.
wait i'm confused because i didn't get any dick
she waves at me and we have small chats in the hallway
ight i'll delete myself now
i don't know everything, but one thing, one thing i do know one thing, one thing i do know (i know, i know, i know)
is one day i'mma have everything it was all a dream... it was all a dream...
white liberals are faced with dissociating from people they love due to politics, meanwhile 90% of blacks vote the same way.
you are entirely correct. i've lost easily 10 friends over this election... but it was also a long time coming!
the way i met her was literally me walking in her class in lunch saying i only walked in to see her face lmao
she's bad huh
i am trying to be fancy and edit pictures on these profes. websites, but tbh i have no idea what im doing.
lmao your gif is you routing for yourself
omg yes last year cast were civil human beings there parents did a good job
damn straight they did
this is disgusting
smh the world hurts my heart
i don't give a fuck where you see me today, where i am tomorrow. i am always from compton motherfucking california till i die niggas.
rosecrans and central represent till i'm not able to walk anymore. put my life on that. not even playing.
lmao ok thats really great! just let him know yall together lol
i gotta finish planning the wedding first. oh and picking a baby name too. which ones better? maria or juan?
most of the black ppl i know have no concept of dreading thanksgiving dinner b/c of politics discussions.
i kind of understand that because i have curated my entire life down to liberals aside from the one crazy uncle!
*female guard i worked with this morning* "yeah sometimes i wanna see life in other people's shoes." oh like their perspective?
"what's a perspective?" what you just explained.... "no i want to see things from their eyes"
"you so sweet i call you buttercup".
goofy, stripper to rapper, rapper to stripper you corny, nigga
im blown away by how terrible peoples airplane etiquette is. way too much to list.
it's not so bad in business class ;-)
im in luv with too many women.
cuz we are so amazing
why is on this list
bc im the ugliest out of all of them
you can clearly see in the back about to kick the couple out of the venue
haha yall exposing me foreal
my liver is getting excited
of course it is lmao
hmm...now they are teasing us
not sure change in qb is answer but here ya go via
obama tells us we must remember his legacy! what legacy? you were a total failure, and your 8 years will be stricken from history. get out!
well put! obama dillusional if he thinks he hs a legacy to stand on
here i made this for your aesthetic
omg i larva it
prescription heroin gets a green light in canada
crystal meth.. bring back the crack smoking mayor... gimmie back my son !!! why !!!!!!!!!!
i feel so stupid, but i'm going to pay 40 dollars for the blizzcon wow murlocs.
of all the wow talk the past few weeks it's sad the one thing that made me consider resubbing was the mere mention of murlocs
exactly bitch i'm ugly
fuck both yall im ugly as shit nigga im in 2nd place
i do posters and business cards too hire me
can i get some samples?
hey, math whiz: half of trump supporters = 30m people u.s. population = 330m people "deplorables" = 9% of pop.
's just about what i would expect, and hillary is not calling for hatred of the haters, just hatred of hate
coming over to cuddle
i'll be waiting
chill u guys definitely don't know the definition of ugly..
stfu youre in last place
happy birthday to my partner in crime
i hate you for those two pics, thanks girl loooovveee youuuu
equal opportunity to all, equal treatment to all, caring for your community, and not giving money a say.
those are bananas platitudes. do you know bs &amp; hrc voted together 93% &amp; he helped write dem platform?
not half of "americans" but half of trump's supporters &amp; then she retracted , so what are you talking bout?
there's your mistake edwina. trumpsters don't think at all they regurgitate and lie
lol i usually never care about showmances and i have to say this is the first time that i actually cared so much about one
me too feel like we need to protect a good thing
hope you're enjoying .. 1 of the smartest and most compassionate men i know. a real leader for our times.
as a linkedin employee i truly agree that management embodies what they talk &amp; i am honored to be working for
actual activity in my ovaries
stop! hahaha nooooo
is like an american alarm clock wake up america vote make it count
the left keeps hitting the snooze button
ha! still dancing
you should come out though. every 1st and 3rd monday at
. we have an intellectual here! good argument david. very persuasive.
ok baby baby girl, i don't give a shit who you vote for. you do you. you do you gurl
i've missed so many family parties bc of work
it's called requesting it off ahead of time haha
baddest bih out there, one of my closest friends. coolest person to talk to during real nigga hours stay trill it's finna be lit
aww ily mo
again, 3-4 defense. giants have far superior edge rushers to jets.
are u smoking crack? u have a 43 and jpp and vernon who combined for 8.5 sacks last yr. guy get a fraking clue
the first time ate baby bell cheese she ate the wax part too...
honestly, me too.
yeah the only time i encounter that is on twitter and with my real life white friends. black folk are grinning from ear to ear.
holy shit, it's opposite land! twitter is my perspective and sanity! real life are crazy white ppl all the time.
it is clear to me that you and your people don't get the fact that to be a "globalist" is the core of what it is to be "american."
or maybe what it means to be black in america. we tend to be more open and receptive to folks that don't resemble the pilgrims.
any web designers out there familiar with wordpress who can help me design my new site?
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
did russian 'threat' lead to swedish troops on gotland?
-gotland is part of sweden, they have every right to post their troops within their own country.
you can give it a try
oooo yes that's all i wanna hear
i am...jets d allowed bills to score 30 points on them. the bills. this is all i have to say.
so lol ur front 7 is better?? u think u wont have teams roll up 30 in your squad this year??
man the only person doin the exposing is u u straight gave em the finger wave batted ur eyes &amp; kicked em out
hahaha someone had to do it..
and look who pops out the woodworks...
my number hasn't changed
any web designers...for a quick job
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
when that turkey baster showed up and it looked like it was gonna drip i started screaming "do not drip the semen" but it did
decontextualized mallory tweets are especially entertaining on emmy night
. we have an intellectual here! good argument david. very persuasive.
i'm not trying to "persuade" anyone. i'm saying what i believe in. i do not give a shit what u do
any good web designers you recommend?? a friend's non-profit needs someone solid
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
"but is there a scene where the jar of semen is carefully warmed up to room temp over a gas stove, mallory?" have i got good news for you
wtf a gas stove no
yeah they weren't home
do the police have any suspects and/or sketches?
thanks for all the help sana makapanood ako. try mo if this works there in the us
tried it na! it works perfectly mabuti nlang 3pm p work k bukas. i can stay up for enca.
ima shed real tears if i ever hear sing same drugs live
or sing it live lol
any website designers here message me
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
. we have an intellectual here! good argument david. very persuasive.
emphasis on i do not give a shit what you do. i only control what i do. so simmer down lady trump
we're like "oh no they didn't run a klansman, let me make sure my registration is in order for this mfer." different psyche.
i just can't imagine what it is like to be erased so thoroughly. in polls, in the msm. how do you keep so focused?
do i know any website designers?
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
yo any website designers out there hmu
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
millennials consider cars a costly hassle, but they still want them |
beatiful cover...
deadass once you block a number they start texting you from a text app
lol weird ass numbers texting you and shit smh all different area codes
chow time! from 1st battalion, 12th marine regiment, eat chow during training.
....soldiers thank you for your service!
lmao u do the same baby
got no choice but to. you not here to do it for me
i'm still developing it. any website designers out there?
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
anyone know any good website designers ?
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
alert possible pipe bombs found at nj train station! it's time to wake up americans.
govt. doesn't think these incidents r related? terrorists r trying test now,worse will happen if they don't wake up
i took a lose in march (a bad one) literally fell flat
i went ta work 26/30 &amp; fronted the black top 30 days straight..... grind!!! bully grind
yeah it's not the same phenomenon when your social network is mostly poc, you don't have to weed out as many angry white ppl.
i'm white and most of my social network is white, bc yeah. it my sound trite but michael brown changed my world...
off tops, entire game on point tbh.
you on xbox or ps4 ?
i keep telling myself i'm going to start heading back to the gym but i can't really do that when all my hours are all going towards work
cmon man i've been waiting
a line of t-storms in eastern pa has some cape to work with. gusts to 30mph have been since, but may increase by am.
what time will nyc see this?
happy fucking birthday to my bestie it's late, so i ain't gona do the most love yo hoe ass
thank you so much !!! love you to pieces hoe
has a town called
such a cool address to have! via ": has a town called
they only need you when they need you... when they don't need you they really don't need you
if this is about me i'm so sorry i passed out after i hung up i need energy im working two doubles in a row ok im sorry
ukip's new leader says putin is her political hero
-what a sick party ukip is!
yeah it's not the same phenomenon when your social network is mostly poc, you don't have to weed out as many angry white ppl.
and figured out a lot of things about my network and its limitations. so now it's a daily struggle w well meaning white libs.
this is my job now. getting emails that my cats have emotes on . what a weird week.
this should be his linkedin profile pic 10/10, would endorse for meowing and general laziness
im really not
all you are is mean to me
i legit don't comprehend this tweet
mind you i ain't even get into the hits
plot twist: she want you to snatch her
that can be arranged
wow, it's pretty late haha
it is, but im over here listening to :)
anybody here know anything on web design? if so send me a dm.
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
this is my job now. getting emails that my cats have emotes on . what a weird week.
this should be his linkedin profile pic, 10/10, would endorse for meowing and general laziness
i'm going to kill for throwing my shake and waters on the ground and pouring water on me
i will not forget about this
do i know anyone who's good at web design? hit me up if so.
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
seems only 30% turnout in duma election in moscow. in our countries that would have been seen as a major crisis for the political system.
-and in a dictatorship like russia it's tantamount to insurrection against the current government.
boom! priebus warns kasich, bush, cruz - rnc may block future runs for lying, refusing to...
may block? should block if they dont honor their pledge
i'm so happy i'm having the best and most real conversation i've ever had in my life i think
i'm only tweeting about it rn bc i came to get water
how'd that work for venezuela?
was promised hope - instead it got hopelessness. same fate awaits with hillary
this is (by all appearances) real. just two years old. sounds very much like washington, lincoln, reagan.
yes, trump is gutter trash. but please don't package washington, lincoln, &amp; the other guy in the same sentence.
i remembered that i have to go to the gym later.i think i will skip tonight para umabang sa enca lol
lol pano yan? 5x a week ang enca hahah
hate jokers. they have their favs and talk bad about the rest. feedwatcher is the worst. hates jatalie.
bias people
seems only 30% turnout in duma election in moscow. in our countries that would have been seen as a major crisis for the political system.
-in russia people voted, by not voting at all!
queen of turning 20 in 4 months!!
it's so scary
well, thanks for saying that :)
oh wow! i didn't even notice you were in adelaide! ^_^ home of the
yeah just got out the shower
next time you run sprints let me know.
when you're a poc the weeding out is mostly already done for you because bigots don't typically voluntarily hang out with us.
is that better/worse? (a glib joke) bc please take my uncle to the woodshed out back &amp; make most of my mothers family go away!
why the dns codes though ?
lol ill show you my settings fool
when that turkey baster showed up and it looked like it was gonna drip i started screaming "do not drip the semen" but it did
ok but why is there a turkey baster? are there dykes in this film trying to get preggo b/n home invasions? seems like a busy plot
god bless you , a treat as always
omfg i love this guy.
sure, i'll take a stand on this. television is the best artist medium in all of human history.
wut about stick and pokes dough?
seems only 30% turnout in duma election in moscow. in our countries that would have been seen as a major crisis for the political system.
-putin did not look pleased at all, and medvedev looked like he finally realized that he backed the wrong horse.
obama blames fox, limbaugh for hillary clinton's struggling campaign against trump
here we go, the blame game again
who here is a web designer
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
if i haven't changed your name on snapchat, it's cuz idfwu. if i have your last name, ur someone i want it someone i look up to
you probably don't even have me on snapchat. what that mean?
arnt you going a lil to far with a guy that doesnt even know hes with you? lmao anyways... call him marco lol
lol i'm kidding! i'm not a psycho! the name "marco" is too mexican tbh
no statement on terror attacks by obama even as he speaks at new york city fundraiser...
of course not, hes been instigating this crsp for months now
production kept nat around till close to the end james and nat were 70 percent of the show nothing without them.
yep bet the lost a couple million
no statement on terror attacks by obama even as he speaks at new york city fundraiser...
oops, this crap
i should have challenged myself with more units this semester
learn as you go homie. but that just means you can focus more on those units &amp; get a's
i stopped flying them years ago.
you'd think i'd learn my lesson after my frontier fiasco, but i booked all these trips at the same time
jonathan banks asks why he's asking "stupid ass questions. there's nothing like print journalism!"
nice nails tho so you win
donald 's police: officers backing republican have murky legal histories - the guardian.
jfc... vincent caldara, one of the campaign's pilots, is wanted for two separate criminal cases of running people over with vehicles.
trump supporters are really eating this nonsense up. always looking to place blame. false hope in trump.
since when r bombs placed in civilian areas meant to kill/injure people nonsense? u r sick in the head
i been since thursday. 11:37
will you be running tomorrow? if so just let me know when you're going leave your casa and i'll meet you there.
looks like you made a mistake once i became sober
hell yeah boi
that's nice and touching
dude hush, what's up with the shoes man?
for me, it was trayvon martin. (been following your conversation... \o/)
yes, agreed. i woke up w trayvon, and then michael brown shook my soul.
would you renounce leftovers season 2 so easily? for shame.
there are only three perfect things in art: tetris, inside llewyn davis, and this tattoo
dragging my lifeless body in on the couch. i'm starving... haaalpp meeee
eat your neighbors
wonder what nyc morning commute will be like. bombs found in 3 different locations. boston shut down completely after attack
devices found and some suspects detained. wonder if some kind of all clear will happen before rush hour
boy i be flying high is boot
i never brought up flying high tho. that's y'all only argument
jfc... vincent caldara, one of the campaign's pilots, is wanted for two separate criminal cases of running people over with vehicles.
where does he *find* these people?! the best people. like a pilot with anger issues who likes driving into people with his harley-davidson.
ill start drinking again so you can find blessings
thanks my g
wtf is this isxkwisjahahahah yea ur opposite of those
wdym.... i thought we were giving introductions
i only fly &amp; domestically nowadays &amp; mostly
i tend to try and use southwest as often as i can but for this particular trip, united was the next best option
probably would happen irl
i can picture thor and steve actuary getting concerned about the pups rescue missions
if only i could catch them....
bolas aren't hard to make.
us media hammering for saying nyc bomb was a bomb are making themselves look utterly absurd.
media is absurd these days
that was insanely awesome! i love that apple underrates their phones.
me too! it just means i'm that much more satisfied!
i can picture thor and steve actuary getting concerned about the pups rescue missions
jesus *actually
so that appears to the be cause of this. if you sign up for alerts, you'll be updated when it's been cleared. ^dfm
seriously? estimated restoration monday at 10:45 pm?
you ever notice that citizen kane and titanic both have some of the best scenes of someone trashing a room ever filmed?
charles foster kane and kate winslet are artists and their paint is throwing a fucking tantrum like no tomorrow.
why you gotta do that you taking a dump? cause for sure all you have to worry about is aiming right
of course the dump
had a great weekend with a great person
i wasn't with you though
why you gotta do that you taking a dump? cause for sure all you have to worry about is aiming right
and hey what if i wanted to relax and not stand cause i was tired
we looking for website developers. should be able to develope the site from the scratch to end. contact us soon.
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
after all those awful gin and tonic pics you keep posting this is more like it. wheat beers are where it's at.
you dislike gin and tonics?
hey would love your thoughts on latest product dk live
will check it out.
the chaos of the manhattan explosion, captured by cameras
we must deport all muslisms
that's what they get for initially shoving that fake-forced-production driven victor / nat fakemance. so glad that flopped tbh.
i was getting ready to say that i bet even cbs is shocked
what's that a tattoo of? oh i know, a beloved character made famous from a television show!
not a popular vid game or collectible trading cards or major motion pictures or other trans media properties?
when i tweeted you it was about 12:17am hahaha
ha! it's 12:35 am here now, great timing
no lie, i saw some at the san jose flea market
dude i fucking want one now. i was just looking at them online rn lol
prom consists of either two things. you lose your virginity or you try a drug you've never done
what drug did you try ? lol
i been at my park
alright, just text me tomorrow. i'd like to join you on these sprints. if not it's cool.
*incoherent moaning*
well...they're kind of like checks at this point; some peeps just don't want to get rid of them because "they work."
while i'm thinking about it, it's pretty blatantly unfair to compare any movie to citizen kane.
citizen kane is like the citizen kane of movies, wait... i mean it's the citizen kane of.... goddammit. this is impossible.
thanks, guys. i somehow got those urges to pass by looking at a slew of gifs. not the most conventional way to manage, but whatever works.
im glad &lt;3 take care of yourself glad we could help :)
the benefits of content marketing via
hey, thanks for sharing the post!! enjoy what's left of your week!
doesn't count it's not facebook official
cant put it on facebook just yet lol but snap seen it first
looking for a front end designer/integrator &amp; php developer with good knowledge of and responsive design in the montreal, qc area
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
sorry guys, i'll be out of for a while...
i feel bad for you, but i found you on youtube, not facebook.
i'm looking for a php/mysql expert based out of los angeles, ca - anybody?? c'mon internet, help me find somebody!
we have good experienced development team in opensource mainly php/mysql (lamp) based applications!
smdh - goodell's head is so firmly planted up his own ass he can spot the north pole. via
he's a douche
read the thread &gt;&gt;
-i would say that these are a wise man's reasons for voting for hillary also!
i am...jets d allowed bills to score 30 points on them. the bills. this is all i have to say.
im dumber for having this conversation
shit man that posted while i was jammin and i accidently hit the send lmfao. the album "what seperates me from you"
lmfaoo i'll make note to do that have fun jamming i also like this song now
baystars should still be celebrating on stream
celebration at home?
i bet it's someone you always around that's bored &amp; playing with you lmao
why was i thinking that but na thru called kj ugly nobody around me is that crazy
greetings michael. are you referring to the emergency broadcast system? ^jc
yes it just happened again!#!
heaven gained a britney army member&lt;3
he's in a better place with the angels, this breaks my heart into shattered pieces
with his position still secure, bashar al-assad smiles while syria burns
what did bush do?
greetings michael. are you referring to the emergency broadcast system? ^jc
yes it just happened again!!
and still produced better results on defense.
lets het this straight. i said front 7! kc has a better front 7 regardless of having a 3 man dline. and as for the bills&gt;
lizzzzzy suxxxxxxx
dude, you like wrestling? pretty sure that means you suck
the moscow times: according to reports, the kremlin is basically planning to resurrect the kgb: majo...
-putin running scared?
i feel like i'm going to do some woman crap and be like 'but they're a startup, i should give them a lower number...' :(((
they're a startup, they'll be unprofessional as fuck and may suddenly go out of business. charge more with a super short net.
sending happy birthday wishes to girl ashley! she is celebrating with us in ca!
happy birthday
and still produced better results on defense.
7 came on a defensive score, 7 came in garbage time w2min left in the game down by 13 and the other 2 tds were busted plays.
we don't think the polls are wrong. we love leading hillary in states pres obama won. our shared point is different
but when he drops then they mental cases going to be sceaming rigged.!!
hbo giving out water and muffins for the morning when you leave the party
english muffin &gt; muffin, tbh.
is it happening on multiple channels or just one? ^jc
i'm currently watching food network on my roku, it happening 5 times an hour, if not more.
the store..
that bitch to far from the pad
if they sleep together james is going to be one busy guy lucky guy
lol slowdown there cowboy
what'd i do
what that moufdo
looking for a decent wordpress specialist for remote projects. must be uk based. a design eye is a bonus. please show examples.
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
and still produced better results on defense.
the bills had 8 first downs genius! u had 0 sacks wk 1 u have 3 on the season. there is not a gm in the league that wld take&gt;
i'm just too lazy to take full bodies.
hush up lol
that's a good way to wake me up
i'm glad you approve. i would enthusiastically wake you up that way, at every opportunity! woof!
and still produced better results on defense.
any of your down lineman over the jet big 3. if u believe that, you are clueless. why dont tweet a beat guy or some of the nfl
i'm currently watching food network on my roku, it happening 5 times an hour, if not more.
it happening again!!
did i really need snacks at 12:22am? no.
can i have some snacks, please?
already knowing bro
man this shit weak i'm tryna moke this 80$ g heem i got
to the airport
thought you going on vacation
and still produced better results on defense.
network guys and see what the answer is. jesus christ u played two mediocre teams and u think your the 85 bears. lol and ur lbs
world's oldest fish-hooks found on okinawa, japan
-which means, forget china's claims to the south china sea, the japanese fisherman were their first!
that one is bomb af &amp; tanks i will. tonight was so fun
omg i know gotta do it again but if she's done to go sunday i'll ask whitney for you got 2 new songs tonight hahah
[video] are us elections feeding concern about the economy? pwc's ken esch provides insight
no! don't be stupid or fearful! be confident and strong. trump!!!
and still produced better results on defense.
suck. ur front 7 is not better than the jets, or the bengals . u have a gino atkins or dunlap? ur not better than kc poe is &gt;
they've got backers for a good amount of $$, but your point stands. i think i want to pitch this as project based. like a 3 mo..
like fixed bid or just working out the budget based on expecting work to be 3 monthsish?
i've never had a gin and tonic but i tried gin with water once. couldn't stand it, felt like ralphing. is gin&amp;tonic diffnt?
yes its much better, gin with water would taste horrible.
we are looking for the absolute ultra wordpress guru. paid prestige project. send a mail: kl.de
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
james &amp; natalie came out of left field. they didn't know what to do. it wasn't in james script to match up with nat! surprise!
but it worked they are perfect
i'm buying monday morning. can't choose between $fate $blcm or $blue . thoughts?
$fate is much less expensive than $blue or $blcm. even though there are no assets in clin trials,i think tutues are rushing in
it happening again!!
once it goes of it freezes the roku device!!
been waiting for this
yaaaay happy birthday little princess
and still produced better results on defense.
than both of ur dts and their lbs huston hali and ford derrick johnson blow the doors off what u have. same with carolina
serious question: how did sleep while on the road with the rockets? surely hotels didn't have custom beds.
yes i did research and found my answer. yao bed.
i'm living for all these clapbacks in this post
wow this iconic post i still providing even 5 years later
i'll prob refer to my left foot as my broken foot even when it's fully healed
which my doc told me to start walking on it and now it flippin hurts???
why do they call it taking a dump instead of leaving a dump?
said it best: you don't ! you ! that's the whole idea!
no, you can. i been inviting on sc, no replies though lol
i seen your snap two nights ago but by the time i watched your snap you already finished. that was when the sprinklers were
these are the kinds of questions that keep me up at night
its important though lol
this updates /ipsos electoral map shows more than nearly anything how much has changed in just a month.
clinton by 60%
but apparently you rather have t.i whispering in your ear
lmfao chill
oh wait prob not tomorrow night cuz i got hella hw in the morn which means gym after night class
alright, just let me know when you're going to run sprints and i'll join you.
i wanna go home so bad at times like this.
in the words of leaf, "but momma didn't raise no bitch!"
you know tv is bad nowadays when got and veep win awards
you know your friends have bad taste when they don't realize that got is easily one of the best shows in the last decade
it happening again!!
one more time
we have excessive available work in the space. actively looking for small to mid-size shops to form working relationships.
we do have very good experience in drupal. we have designed &amp; developed several drupal sites.
americans are finally seeing that is simply unfit to be president
lmaaaaooooo mentally ill trump is !!
thanks blood but im not tryna go all out until i hit 21
he not bout it
more or less he talks to you
amen to that brother . i just feel like when i read the bible out loud &amp; with passion i'm making his words come to life
you know your surgery got you fuck up when you finish 15oz of hydrocodone in 6 days
but you're about to look hot af
i didn't lose my virginity thoooo
oh ok so then what happened at prom since you're and you ain't try any new drugs
this happening on american streets angers me to no end! this should not be! this is not ok!
it's obombas new normal. it's going to take trump to turn this train wreck around!
only one thing to do at this hour
smoke and jerk off or jus the latter
lol i've never been on one. how'd it go? lol.
i didn't either lol my boy came in talmbout my other boy lol
reality check kellyanne-- it still gives clinton lead with 60% chance of taking electoral college
exactlly they tone death 2 the truth !!
$fate is much less expensive than $blue or $blcm. even though there are no assets in clin trials,i think tutues are rushing in
5fate's ta seems ripe, so is $blue which will continue its march with help from gs. $blcm is great intermediate and lt...hard
why can't i retweet this
whatever y'all
if potus, trump will nominate 93 us attorneys. think about that. a guy involved in 3500 lawsuits in 30 yrs will handpick our prosecutors.
so he has experience?
. wants to know what was your favorite play of the game vs ?
when julio caught that bomb.but most of all i love seeing matty ice running the no huddle !
lmao shit the way i see it you are. too mexican? lol ok alejandra
lol i'm totally kidding when i say all of this! alejandra is a greek name so jokes on you marco
breaking bombshell: gr reports hillary's brain damage is the result of a plane crash, not a "fall"
hoax maybe? "jake -- thought you'd get a kick out of the conspiracy theory"
here's the game winner, a no doubter from jose lopez.
that got killed. so we're looking at baystars-kyojin and the winner facing the carp?
it's what made me worth what i am now.
okay but you sliding for business fucking lord doung
lmaoo facts two things, but just the former...mayb
i'm on the wave now, no energy for the other shii
love x10000
omg how do i do that
: 's brain damage a result of near fatal plane crash from mission on iran border.
a hoax? jake - thought you'd get a kick out of the conspiracy theory
correct. it's a best two out of 3 series, most likely all games at tokyo dome. baystars 2.5 games back
what would the dates for that be?
hmmm lemme think about it of course you can keeks lol
yes! what kind of snacks do you have? in return, i'll make you a grilled cheese.
are we supposed to see these bikes n all sell our cars? i don't get the logic here, you can't take your family out on a bike
if i can't take my family on a bike then you can't take you family in a car. deal?
looking for a local to help me set up online &amp; brick/mortar bookshop
we have good experience in shopify design/development. submit your details here:
tattoo appointment is confirmed
you a baby tho
no dates yet. would think october 5-11 is the window.
so a lot of the games in the final weeks won't have much significance, will they?
ouch, what's ur snap
same username for everything
lf friends to get nails done with
smh you left san diego i know all the good places
bro more like most satanic filthiest track by l
5 fingaz of death is nasty too!
so, generally. high comp employees of vc-nurtured startups don't have standing to sneer @ middle class
it may surprise you, or not, to know that i've been high-comped for 5 days and ran 4 small businesses for ten years.
how can you even entertain the idea that pikachu isn't famous from the show first?
i would posit that a cute character design is still cute if it is in a game or tv so would site the introduction first
we rocked out my new song 'any way you want' for the rock revival showroom sessions. see the...
-mars guitar&amp;hollywood stars"the movie"
my 3 yr old called me on facetime by herself late last night asking me to read her homework to her lol she is too cute
ya 3 year old .. chinas a mom ?
it may surprise you, or not, to know that i've been high-comped for 5 days and ran 4 small businesses for ten years.
i have lost people's services before because someone outbid me. that result was inconvenient to me. also, just.
bomety
on me my body feel like it need tow keep but it can't
you can now use apple pay within the browser. big news for e-commerce.
this was announced at wwdc. did something change?
terrorist cells exist in chelsea, new jersey and throughout nyc. hope it's isolated.
terrorists are in every us state. thanks to .
how tf do i prove it..
idk that your problem
were such a bad influence on little luis
why am i barley seeing this smh
"anthony -- fyi. the report appears to be credible. les"
it appears all the stories quote only part wikileaks email?
happy birthday susie
thank you allyssa!
seeks for a synchronization between architectural interests and current pressing controversies.
architectural magazines aligned with general press ?
gotta keep the soldering iron turned up for don buchla.
keep it tuned up for jurgen haible as well.
comes too support even when i'm hurt and can't play she's a keeper
always here to support you love
that how i feel
lmao google image search the picture you'll find her!
right now i want some warm tea, medicine, and cuddles
update: i got everything except the cuddles
i got and the too lit crew on my tour bus
currently playing: for my dawg!
happy birthday my love
omg! i remember that night
friends are suppose to help each other
my mouth shut
i goooots chips, jello, pudding, annnnnnd cookies lol
damn, the snack queen over here lol. what flavors?
couldn't agree more the whole album is so beautiful the blackest day deserves an oscar
omg i love tea
gotta keep the soldering iron turned up for don buchla.
keep it the soldering iron turned for jurgen haible as well.
keep it the soldering iron turned for jurgen haible as well.
and serge as well.
sure - 2.5 hours of sleep is plenty!
depending on track of this. going to be real busy morning.
yup! white supremacy is more popular than ever in amerika, god save us
it's not enough of them that's whytrump beggin &amp; trying 2get aa's &amp; latinos votes never ever we have 2 much 2 lose
i am so ready for rise of iron to come out, and to watch the internet figure out what is what and how to beat it.
got our day 1 clanmates sorted! excited to grind the story and prep everyone for the raid!!!
i'm a . join me 9/24 at in nyc's central park. take action for tix:
-"stairway2heaven"-mars guitar&amp;hollywood stars-"the movie"let's jam ri n.y.c.
turkey bowl comin up too so we gotta get on it
turk bowl 2016 is only right around the corner. get the body right and the mind right.
amen! praise god for his word!
the lord is my strength and my shield; my heart trusted in him,+ i am helped; therefore my heart greatly rejoices, ...ps.28:7
heyooo wanting to do a few busts!! $67 each - reply with a reference &amp; e-mail, i'll contact you if accepted! ty
have always loved your work. hope one of these guys tickles your fancy reddoghud[at]gmail[dot]com
more the latter. i want it to be short term anyways, and def want it to be part time. so who even knows if they'll be down w/ it
you could offer to write short scopes of work that allow you to establish each other's trust
it's crazy that was a year ago
it is! it's crazy how time flys!
u don't have guts to question role in anti sikh riots of1984. u prejudice mind read
anyway rss is an outdated organization and should be in museum now.
don't see why the two areas with close to zero human impact would have fish extinctions with so few elsewhere
makes perfect sense, but that's surmise rather than data.
you could offer to write short scopes of work that allow you to establish each other's trust
"when i'm getting started with a new client i like to book a two week engagement (net 14) and then we can see where we are"
lol i cropped him out
stop. i don't want to go to jail aaron
he seems so sad during lucas' match i'm sure he gave his best but marin played very well
i always said, when playing well cilic, can beat anyone, but novak!!
when everything is so unexpected
congrats marion!!!!
"when i'm getting started with a new client i like to book a two week engagement (net 14) and then we can see where we are"
then you can write a second sow for the remaining time or a couple 1 months or whatever makes sense
this the truth. i was there too, covering killings for india today. never saw rss targeting sikhs, some were helping
anyway rss is an outdated organization and has lost relevance in modern india of 21st century.
kellyanne the great. but keep him on message!!!!!
well he loseing it the debates no notes free style his brain is going to get over heated he don't know policy!!
that boy dom kennedy is lightweight one of the goats
not lightweight at all
not looking great for tokyo in the next few days either. remnants of typhoon malakas headed for the kanto region.
they have a roof
hawks-fighters are close to the title. 2nd place team will host chiba.
is there anything else left to watch for until the playoffs?
who made this i wanna shake there hand
ill get back to you on that its from last year we crushed the voting now in in a pickle lol
life is ruff yo
why are your eyes red? were you crying?
man i was just going to sleep now i have to bleach my eyes thanks
that's not the waaaaveszzz tho
i will be looking to build a team of developers soon as i will need people for my project. my project stands to be extremely lucrative.
please give us a call : 212.209.1537 to discuss further about your requirements!
hawks-fighters. 1/2 game of separation
was it a half-game before the fighters closed out their win?
one more time
just went off again!!!
your lie in april s2 is out!?!?!
are you lying to me?
really wanna do something different with my hair but idk what
layer it into a v shape and add a little color
he needs another album !
super facts i will pray for the day to come
might not be enough for typhoon winds..
i guess not!!
while i was away, i realized i'd allowed my apt to become a prison of my own making. after never leaving it, i feel v weird being back.
part of me is so happy to be back home, back to the familiar, but part of me also feels claustrophobic and trapped all over again.
do the seahawks suck?
what she said.
4-year-old: can i have cold toast? me: bread? 4: no, cold toast. me: *hands her a regular slice of bread* 4: mmmm. so cold.
but...toast can be cold.
. no my exclusive story includes the entire email.
you c/b right? mike can confirm it's not a hoax
ruth, you are exactly the color of that bath mat in the dark.
all cats are grey in the dark. *solemnly presents myself for smacking*
hate when people go to restaurants and try to pay at the host stand this aint fuckin dennys
i do like how stupid people feel when the host gives the payment right back to their server though
hard 2 believe u do not have more followers; u've been flying under the radar. nobody saw u coming. now it's 2 late 4 dems!!
everybody know who she is she was slamming d.t. when she was down with ted cruz.they was her friend she vile
take pics of me!!!
let me get the pics we took in santa cruz.
this dude has had this bag of chips chillin in his car for days now and he finally asked me if i wanted them...
"fuck yeah i want your chips" lmaoo
we want to hear your favorite new song off what everyone's thinking. go!
chorded out turning out
performing "baby i'm in the mood for you" w on
-"stairway2heaven"-mars guitar&amp;hollywood stars"the movie"
as an asexual, why am i here?!
because friends?
he had like 25 wings too bc they gave us so many extra that we didn't order
i'm still mad about this
hawks and fighters have a 2 game series next. will take place from 9/21-9/22. tomorrow is off for both teams
damn, is that their final meeting? assuming both are late games.
rough days boys 0-3 will make it 0-4 tomorrow
bear down! bears are out to prove people wrong!
and marco is french so the joke is on none of us lmao your really being serious but its ok you do you lol
actually it's italian so ha
how could you end something you never started ?
k. don't talk to me
it stinks and it happens when you need the computer the most
the real people out here let me down and i was looking to twitter for company. got frustrated, but then i fixed it. whew!
thbpt. grey tortie on grey bath mat = she's gonna get stepped on. we switched to a light mat but it needed washing today.
eris raven was the same grey and white as my blanket. she was startled one day to find me trying to sit...
take a shot you'll be boo
a shot only makes me want another and more geek'd
the device found in new jersey was a bomb. this was not a controlled explosion.
meaning it exploded while being examined by bomb squad robot. if like central park explosive it's highly unstable
it just sucks because the media has turned that feeling of being "inferior" into just "fear"
there's no need to even feel inferior or have fear. people let the media dictate how they feel about another being.
this after party is off da chain!
congrats! should have won for the star wars rant on parks and rec back then
you didn't tag him tho
he don't have twitter
look in your hair young love. i have left you a present you will not find unless you look. i have left a part of me there...
don't be surprised when i end up never leaving again. because of so many pieces of myself i have hidden on you.
this is super great advice. and thanks for giving me the language to bring it up!
last thing: bill by the week, not by the hour. hourly rate * days you want to work * 8.
there's this douche bag in this quantum leap episode whose whole mission in life is to make people miserable and he's just the worst
dude's like "how dare you have light and hope! you should give up on joy and wonder like i have"
don't be surprised when i end up never leaving again. because of so many pieces of myself i have hidden on you.
when we say goodbye. one day we won't say goodbye.
last thing: bill by the week, not by the hour. hourly rate * days you want to work * 8.
it keeps the client thinking about a more sane unit of time. and if you let them slide on an hour here and there they love you.
i'm so excited to go to to volunteer for
i'm so excited for you! my arthritis has been bad just can't make it. :(
hillary is going to win, robert. i've worked far too many campaigns in my years. this one is a winner. just wait.
you aren't the only one robert but she can still easily win. she had a good thur through sat..
when we say goodbye. one day we won't say goodbye.
i know by the trail. but i know now. i know by the trail. that i'll leave behind. that i've left behind...
that actually looks really funny russ. i'm gonna add this to my list.
yes it does!
i'm bout to go inside and smoke this fattttttt dutch and knock out. god is good, all the time. peace be with everyone. bless up.
why would you tweet this i'm struggling for a dutch for my 80$ g
so i have a friend who is also in the military but a different branch, so naturally, that was the first topic that was brought up...
we don't know about each other's branch, so we explained our jobs and stuff. keep in mind, we're like 5 shots in and then some, so we're...
dude's like "how dare you have light and hope! you should give up on joy and wonder like i have"
there's even a scene where the guy's mother says "he's had a hard life so now he thinks everybody else should have one too" -omg!
hillary is going to win, robert. i've worked far too many campaigns in my years. this one is a winner. just wait.
and if she can have a good week with obamas help, michelle, sanders and warren, she has the debates still too
i know by the trail. but i know now. i know by the trail. that i'll leave behind. that i've left behind...
i can't lie. i miss seeing your feelings for me leak through your eyes. i'm a gross wreck and need my body.
he's my literally my best friend and i'm really happy and that's all you fuckers get. lmfao.
not even his sign lol
look who's between us. had no idea. cool, right? veephbo
congrats and what a great night for you guys! also how about larry david doing the presentation that you won!
only the bgg!! anyone else are "my" friends only
thats a lie. the bgg are my friends not yours. your friends are my friends :)
why haven't i seen anyone really make the connection of the texas chainsaw massacre and re7 trailer?
yeah seriously. the film is written all over it lol.
it keeps the client thinking about a more sane unit of time. and if you let them slide on an hour here and there they love you.
(i know you know how to do arithmetic, just avoiding ambiguity )
i can't lie. i miss seeing your feelings for me leak through your eyes. i'm a gross wreck and need my body.
and i know just where those pieces sleep. i know by the trail. but i know now. i know by the trail. that i've left behind...
day 5 let's keep it going , ourvets ...
emilio, you're and i know you'll have np doing the awesome cause my friend ml&amp;r
"but upon mount zion shall be deliverance" !"
"i will strengthen the house of judah, +i will save the house of joseph. i will bring them back, because i have mercy on them.
how'd you know
how couldn't i. it sounds exactly like you
another device explodes in new jersey; five questioned in n.y. bombing
this is what you get for allowing illegals and rapefugees into this country.
in tears under my mask at speech
-stairway2heaven"-mars guitar&amp;hollywood stars"-the movie
or if someone hasn't taken it home
i got it bro you're good don't worry
so how can you determine with 100% certainty, using your claims of science, which kids have "adhd" &amp; which do not?
i want you two to read this excerpt. "people with adhd commonly experience shame and judgment by a misinformed...
. how old are you....9? or is that being generous. pathetic.
lol yeah that's it you found me out
the miami dolphins are having headset issues while playing against the patriots in new england --
the battery in his helmet died, all the other headsets worked. at least that's what was announced mid game
i want you two to read this excerpt. "people with adhd commonly experience shame and judgment by a misinformed...
2/public that mistakes its real, medical symptoms for bad behavior, poor parenting, or 'just not trying hard...
women can't conceive of sex minus emotional attachment that's foreign to em rt not romantic feelings
lol which women?
it's really crazy because when people visualize a black man they see "compton" or "chicago" not there president for the past 8yrs
or when it comes to black women they think of "cookie" or any other black woman on these "scripted" reality shows.
lovefool bass tabs at (at the mortherfikin share zone)
i heard this song while shopping at trader jones 2day, and it has always been a very special song to me
2/public that mistakes its real, medical symptoms for bad behavior, poor parenting, or 'just not trying hard...
3/...enough.' these feelings of failure and embarrassment can prevent people with from seeking an evaluation...
i'm not one, so this is of considerable interest to me.
how nassim does it is better for people with weak memories(me), tinkering on mathematica, sounds like a good way to approach
boy your ass in oakland rn
naw cudi i'm harry happy u plobber and i'm here to oak in your land
that's what'll happen when you play 8 hours a day for months on end. practice promotes improvement.
minus one for obvious missed '8 days a week' joke.
3/...enough.' these feelings of failure and embarrassment can prevent people with from seeking an evaluation...
4/...evaluation and treatment that could help their brains function more effectively." you are part of the problem.
love barbie. be fearless. watch an amazing journey on secrets and lies season 2. sept 25 th
my dvr is already set my friend can't wait for s2 ml&amp;r to you
4/...evaluation and treatment that could help their brains function more effectively." you are part of the problem.
5/shame on both of you for spreading lies &amp; misinformation regurgitated from what your cult tells you to believe.
that smile on your face makes it easy to trust you
can't trust these hoes
oh wait.. i remember now, you've been my boyfriend since 8/11 right ?
i thought so
smh brandon i thought we were friends
the tears in my eyes made it hard to see
smh brandon i thought we were friends
i mean all i am is a typo in this world so its common for me to make them
don't be so bias.
the american media is worse than bias. they're nefarious.
what a crew
why am i not there
5/shame on both of you for spreading lies &amp; misinformation regurgitated from what your cult tells you to believe.
that's a quote from this article about how having &amp; taking meds is not shameful.
pope francis: best way to combat muslim terrorism is to flood our nations with muslims.
yet vatican couldn't possibly relax its immigration policies!
worrying as giving any government a free hand tonexecute and no open trial is dangerous.
not in war against the people. the drug runners have been evil. now it's war against drug runners
that's a quote from this article about how having &amp; taking meds is not shameful.
what you're doing by gaslighting people with real mental health problems, telling us we don't exist, is shameful.
$5 dollars for 300 rats i'm trying to buy a prius
okay beyonce i'll hit you up when i need to throw myself a quinceanera
how ios 10 should be used.
wait how do you make it do this
literally the only channel they should have on hotel tvs is the history channel and ideally it only shows ancient astronauts
i'm not sure how to make the connection but as soon as i'm checked in to a hotel i want to watch some offensively stupid fake history
bro i feel like i'm on tumblr way too much
time to check your tumblr. i haven't in awhile lol
got those tweet notifications ooooor?
you mad or....
i can create a business to break the hearts of boys that broke hearts of other females.
i do this already, having niggas cry at night. might as well get paid for it. break a niggas heart so well he runs back to u ;-) clutch
i need to see this weed can u take a pic?
el oh el it ain't shit special lol it's just berner cookies
i didn't have cash so i didn't wanna do that whole process
dude it's the most annoying lol i hate it
naaaaa but that wasn't a no either
ohh so then i already know the answer to that
q: are there folks you follow on twitter with whom you vehemently disagree, but think brilliant or interesting and who have your respect?
yes. i follow a number of maoists logicians
muslim "bridge builder" hired by danish police supports death of danish troops, refuses to shake hands with men.
are they the bridge-builders defined by or or both of them?
i do this already, having niggas cry at night. might as well get paid for it. break a niggas heart so well he runs back to u ;-) clutch
i hate niggas as equally as the next female. im deadass aware how useless and dutty these niggas are
-gotland is part of sweden, they have every right to post their troops within their own country.
-of course putin wants gotland, putin wants things he doesn't own. gotland looks like a battleship blocking the baltic.
i'm not sure how to make the connection but as soon as i'm checked in to a hotel i want to watch some offensively stupid fake history
as a consolation prize i will watch pickers and try to understand how they can stay in business with the nonsense margins they seem to get
when you fangirl too hard
that comment at the end tho
i can't even figure out how to use my avatar instead of the disk icon for the collection, ack!
it gets a little complicated to explain in tweets. hit me up at jscott.org.
honestly i got tired of my mom texting me if i'm home or not... so i bought this close/open signs if i'm home or not
fuckin weak
do you mean that it impacts how they see your value if you do it by the week?
ya. when you bill they'll think about that rate and do shit like ask you to work just a few more hours or weekends.
how did you end up homeless
in nyc, haven't found a sublet yet and my friend's busy so i can't crash on her couch rn
girl you already hella beautiful leave some glo for the people that really need it. like me
best friend you are hellllllaaaaa cute!!!!!!!!! we glo together
answer to what? you the one that's avoiding the question
naw that question wasn't important to me lol
-gotland is part of sweden, they have every right to post their troops within their own country.
-putin wants a big stationary battleship guarding the baltic in order to control the movement of goods through this sea.
i miss soccer more than anything
like legit i'd probably give up a kidney to play again /:
deplorables are complaining that cnn did edit hrc saying bombing, bt that was later after being briefed.
keep up the great work sonia
i always worry for country when they start executing without free and open court sorry.
more than a decade, drugs have killed the people, destroyed families, and kids without a court hearing.
ya. when you bill they'll think about that rate and do shit like ask you to work just a few more hours or weekends.
you want them to think about extending your contract in week long increments or leaving you alone with their nonsense requests
butting in but my stepmom nurse said they used to give 2 benadryl to help hospital patients sleep, benign.
butting in 3 say i love u guys and also to report that i had an ambien incident where i discovered
bruh, jimmy, you ain't never seen king louie. that man huge!
fuck yeah creed
five men in arab garb detained in new york en route to airport. .
everything that's happening will be impossible to dismiss or minimize!
from what i can see many are on spot executions. can you not see why this is a threat. dictators do this
it's a situation you wouldn't understand. it's been destroying lives. duterte isn't a dictator.
consider the following: buses
i deal with it everyday.
that's shitty, also excuse me for being blunt but fuck your friend for being too busy to let you inside to sleep lmao
nah, she gave me a heads up, it's cool
and that gives me my answer
haha and just like that i got mine too
butting in 3 say i love u guys and also to report that i had an ambien incident where i discovered
... disvovered some slightly burnt rice when i woke up, with no memory of having cooked rice.
wtf did i just watch
the response those people sent too ?? wtf i just don't understand whyyy whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy are people so
blessed are you who know the joyful sound of god's mercy and truth; who walk in god's light and the favor of his countenance!-ps 89:15
god be merciful to us and bless us, and cause his face to shine upon us, psalm 67:1
i don't think even james is going to believe the fan base he and nat have. he'll turn phone on be like holy! lol
i bet alot of america is backing james and nat
thanks fook it's not just me!
odd thing is, earlier my laptop fell down and turned off. i restarted it and chrome was different. i was scared.
i just tried some of his cookies fckn flame
yuh that's too much sauce
from a follower any faves
i will take you out in anything!
i hate when jina and anuta be talking that sand nigga slang on the tl.
lmaoo facts rt : i hate when jina and anuta be talking that sand nigga slang on the tl.
... disvovered some slightly burnt rice when i woke up, with no memory of having cooked rice.
*to* ("2") ... not 3, i hit the wrong number
crazy shit..... thank god we were there at that time. you know never what's going to happen next baby.
never know**
lol for the trash emoji. but my stroke aint nice anymore..havent played ball in years
i remember us saying we were gonna have a shootout like 2 years ago too i fa sho would win then hahaha
ice cream sounds good right about now
ice cream always sounds good
breaking: northeast motorcycle crash leaves one seriously injured
he was my baby brother! we've shared countless of memories together. he was anticipating high school graduation next may-r.i.p
ya think he realises this is burnt?
here thinks he's gd, so accepts burnt offering.
this is why us-led airstrike on syrian troops 'unlikely to have been accident'.
unlikely accident said as us wants to pressure syria to release halted aid convoy
ffx player of the week - week 4 to vote, reply with: "robert cozine - taft", "raymond marquez - east", or "conor bruce"
robert cozine-taft
rnc chair warns those who break gop loyalty pledge could face repercussions
if you have to make political threats, you have already lost the party.
lmao imy, but you went mia on us
both of you went mia on me what you mean?
yeah, i think i ate it. i more or less got the ambien thing under control after that happenned..
... but these days i do milder things like advil pm for insomnia
-putin wants a big stationary battleship guarding the baltic in order to control the movement of goods through this sea.
-a big stationary and indestructible battleship blocking the baltic sea that is gotland, that is what putin wants.
im 23 with a money tree hahahaha aayyyeee happy birthday to meeeeeee i'll be snapping on itscimorelli all day tomorrow prepare urself
happy birthday pretty lady
"i totally get the whole entropy thingummy --order is good." "how ready are you to be tragically outplayed?"
this paper is fucking excellent.
on this date in 2006, the mets clinched the nl east division title!
mets are closing in on the first wild card
hah hah, trump is is crazy! gun control! healthcare! stephen harper. aaahhhh! i'm melting!
listening to this week reminds me about how democrats really get off on pretending canada is politically perfect.
it's the same thing...."i'm chillin" is basic and ran down
who uses i'm chillen and basic
i hope so. the true bb fans are, the casuals who get all their info from tv show i not so sure about. cbs screwed them hard.
i think most of them are smart enough to see thru vaul
q: are there folks you follow on twitter with whom you vehemently disagree, but think brilliant or interesting and who have your respect?
if it's nothing but disagreement, no. plenty who i follow for their posts on specific subjects, but disagree with elsewhere.
listening to this week reminds me about how democrats really get off on pretending canada is politically perfect.
like, the most common phrase this week is, "we don't do that in canada!"
i have 4 8am shifts where i'm training new people, lol pls pray for my ass bc i get really impatient when i'm fucking tired
and y'all know i never sleep sooo lol good luck to me and my trainees
don't depend on god to give you strength, depend on god to be your strength..
god is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. therefore we will not fear, even though the earth b removed
like, the most common phrase this week is, "we don't do that in canada!"
i wanted to parachute into the studio and yell about no-confidence votes, coalition governments and the governor general.
bring me frys
find me a 24hr mickey d's and you got it
i wanted to parachute into the studio and yell about no-confidence votes, coalition governments and the governor general.
seriously though. please open up a tim horton's down here. we love you, canada.
so my hot lil bottom said we couldn't hang anymore because i was to sexual.
wait a minute. he said you were too sexual? wtf...that seems to me a form of slut-shaming. boo hiss! :'(
you ever finish a tv and feel like "now what do i do with my life?" cuz same.
i finish tvs all the time.
i'm trying leave me alone
one time toho drank 14 bottles of vodka and wasn't drunk. he told me himself
it's been awhile tho
haha nice save there
listening to this week reminds me about how democrats really get off on pretending canada is politically perfect.
and i quote, "canada is like america if the democrats won all the time." stephen harper.
final: cardinals 3, 0. thurs/fri, giants tapped you on shoulder. you turned around. sat/sun, they smashed a pie in your face.
sf season just like this series...1st half (gm 1 &amp; 2) good gigantes...2nd half (gm 3 &amp; 4)...wtf gigantes
if it's nothing but disagreement, no. plenty who i follow for their posts on specific subjects, but disagree with elsewhere.
serendipitous related post.
couldn't tell ya been a fat minute tho
a big ass minute like more than a couple min
couldn't tell ya been a fat minute tho
time flies when... nvm
this costs a lot less than therapy
you're getting really good at this 10/10
been broken all of those rules
word up my brother they don't want youngins gettin game from elders rather separate us by "class" n "age"
our shower head is broken. they took it off and when mel put it back on, water wasn't coming out. she's pissed
ommmmmg they're so stupid... u can always use our shower
ommmmmg they're so stupid... u can always use our shower
ok sweet i need to take a shower tomorrow
somali muslims harass an american citizen walking on the streets of minnesota. brought these "refugees" in.
i worked with them in north dakota they have major attitude and entitlement issues they feel america owes them.
conclusion of russian : no freedom of choice. no opposition candidate elected. complete kremlin political control.
next, almost all russians will be blocked by fsb from leaving russia.
fuck it he's gone but moms is scared
damn bro moms is never scared smh
because no i've never felt like this about a guy, cause guys are so fucking clingy and annoying to me it pisses me off...
they do everything to make me want them, you do the total opposite, you do everything to make me like want to run away from you
this ice cream on hit
can i have some
i have asthma u inconsiderate people
thats what they all say
conclusion of russian : no freedom of choice. no opposition candidate elected. complete kremlin political control.
i remember when russians were endanger if they talked to americans.
help fangirljeanne after the unexpected death of her husband
i've learned a lot listening to . i also lost my (first) husband suddenly; i know how painful it is.
conclusion of russian : no freedom of choice. no opposition candidate elected. complete kremlin political control.
soon there will be closed russian cities again.
go ahead and try to finish that sentence. ain't got nothin on me. people now who i am. got nothing to hide
haha chill there tiger i was gonna finish it but some people can't take jokes
tell gav to invest in some actual cameras
if we had nice shit we'd probably break it
ahah bringing up old shit thanks though bro
ima bring it up every year on your birthday bruh
hehehe dad watches ... don't try to make him her father in law..
that's ur thinking limit!!
let's talk about how the queequeeg / peequod plot is an in-universe version of the meta-plot of the game :d
it's also a ref to seattle's best being owned by starbucks :)
full offense that ending was super shitty and i can't believe i stayed up to watch it i literally have work in a few hours fuck you
what happened to having mondays and tuesdays off?
america is under jihadist attack.
you asked- you have your answer! but, god forbid you call it a bomb or a terrorist attack- we have a lot of dumb f's in the us
same amsterdam street, 50 years apart: over 60% of trips are made by bike.
naarden is a little quiet town which has a very interesting history:
hehehe onga pala. facetime na lang?
wla po akong iphone android user po ako. fb messenger nalang hahah
kellyanne conway teaching trump to pretend he is human. he will discard her the moment she isn't useful, just as he will his supporters.
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
i wanna smoke but i don't have anything to roll with
if only i still had my pipe
rachel maddow destroys the 'bizarre spectacle' of donald trump's health con job
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
sexy girl
definitely plowable!
this after party is off da chain!
miss dunaway got nothin' on you, brother.
omg goodnight
i'll be up finishing hw
here twitter, have a preview of what resulted from a dream. it's not actually done yet though. wip!
oh my i wanna see this detailed and colorful so bad!~
donald trump: the monster you created: a tale of horror, hate, and trolls
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
lmao thanks m8 i appreciate it
lets get a fifa 17 session this weekend it comes out this week yeehee
"some people grumble that roses have thorns...i am grateful that thorns have roses..." alphonse karr
it's time for twitter to step up and show love to this gorgeous, flawless, beautiful lovely lady+friend w/mesmerizing eyes.
everyone who keeps saying pepe isn't "really" a symbol of bigotry - is david duke tweeting him enough proof for you?
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
also amazing.
ok i need to watch that asap, how was colorado?
why do you want to work at a crosswalk? "i've always wanted to decide who gets run over and who doesn't."
lol don't remember tweeting this, thanks hospital meds
nunu responded to my snapchat saying "what the fuck" but i can't remember what i sent to her
you sent me a video of the "in the arms of the angel" song with pepe crying
is that a tiny barbie shoe beside david schwimmer's foot
i think you might be just a little too woke.
i'm down i haven't gotten to play it yet!!
me neither :( i'm excited lmao
maxy bubby is the asleep right now don't tell her about our affairs!!!! she will be the jealous!!! bubby.....
*bippy is the sleep* seriously reem? don't try and speak our language it's exclusive and you aren't certified to use it
it will also answer some something to hide,you can't be president with ties to russia.
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
and i quote, "canada is like america if the democrats won all the time." stephen harper.
i liked the jab at the monarchists at the end though.
maxy bubby is the asleep right now don't tell her about our affairs!!!! she will be the jealous!!! bubby.....
and also maybe you shouldn't have tagged her if you don't want her to knowing thusly!!!
first pokemon caught in japan! lots of pidgeys &amp; rattata since. @ narita international airport,...
hope you can get a farfetch'd while you're there.
tweet of the day:
plus, does anyone read them?
a2. if you've story to tell us all 2200 characters, but if the picture talks for itself one line description is enough.
i am ready for an encounter with a woman who is hot and in heat!
what isis wants: the strategy behind the attacks in europe and the us
their goal is to frustrate the public against the government for being either too oppressive or for being ineffectual.
this is . and to think trump brothers &amp; jimmy john's kill these magnificent animals for sport.
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
store &gt;&gt;&gt;
! i want you badly!!!
walmart is opening a state fair-themed, in-store restaurant that will sell funnel cake fries, corn dogs, and other deep-fried things.
add to 's obesity problems
i have band of brothers on dvd too if you can't find it.
that'd be awesome, still need to give you back uncharted ._.
it is the last day of my holiday and i have completely run out of things to do. this is a disaster.
there must be a bar open
happy mf birfday ! i will see you this weekend. little throw back in our panda days :(
gracias! much appreciated
i take jokes from funny people and no others. don't need jokes from people who ain't funny
well good thing i'm hilarious
she's worth my vote not trump she earned it the old-fashioned way hard work her career wasn't handed 2 her by daddy
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
"i'm comparing trump to hitler because i'm from hollywood and i think i know everything". "now give me a safe place to cry"
they are ridiculously stupid. if hitler were alive today, he would align perfectly w/ the left, not the right.
and i quote, "canada is like america if the democrats won all the time." stephen harper.
i'm glad they got a little bit of stuff at the end about the messiness of canadian politics though.
what the fuackk, the reasoning for the time-traveling letters in is like the most ridiculous thing ever??
the 5 of them are just like arguing about whether or not they should blame themselves for kakeru's death
the 5 of them are just like arguing about whether or not they should blame themselves for kakeru's death
and then azusa just brings up time travel as a solution completely out left fucking field?!
joel sollender, wwii veteran and pow, on what it means when he hears trump insult our vets.
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
catb came out like an hour after i left and usually i wait around but the one night i didn't
this is literally the saddest thing that's ever happened to me my luck is so bad
this is me talking to myself but: occasionally i have tumultous dreamsleep experiences because of.
..b/c of lack of booze or sleep sedatives.but i end up feeling pretty sharp &amp; refreshed after that
store &gt;&gt;&gt;
pussy lover needs to lick your twat till it gushes!
each days takes the hypocrite oath--first, do opposite of what you say.
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
and then azusa just brings up time travel as a solution completely out left fucking field?!
and then naho references that basic infromation ass, wikipedia-esque shit their teach said about travel ten fucking years ago ??
give my regards to your dad
sure i'll !!! thank you so much!!
it is five am im buzzing
look at the friends
and then naho references that basic infromation ass, wikipedia-esque shit their teach said about travel ten fucking years ago ??
then hagita... as if his role as the smart reserved one in the group was designed specifically for this moment, dishes out
then hagita... as if his role as the smart reserved one in the group was designed specifically for this moment, dishes out
random ass pseudo-intellectual shit about hearing about rumored black hole discoveries around the earth??
russia blocks web's two biggest porn sites, leading to national uproar
they might be used for covert ic communications, along with some social chat sites.
store &gt;&gt;&gt;
this young filly needs my attention!
obama blasts trump: 'no interest in even gaining the rudimentary knowledge required'
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
omg i thought this was a real bunny and u smushed it
no omg!!!! i sleep w this stuffed toy every night lol
only 25 famous people are still scientologists - galore. is a shrinking cult.
the list is down to 24 famous scientologists. jason lee just left.
just got a few shades darker from watching play soccer lmao
you needed to catch up to me anyway
random ass pseudo-intellectual shit about hearing about rumored black hole discoveries around the earth??
and they all actually take it seriousllyy even tho he proposes some mission impossible-esque shit about flying over a giant
and they all actually take it seriousllyy even tho he proposes some mission impossible-esque shit about flying over a giant
black hole in the ocean and dropping fucking paper letters into it to send them back in time?!
trump real estate empire was built on millions of dollars in assistance from the government
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
sunday league football at its finest
"join my over-30 sunday league team," they said. "it will be super mellow. the guys really take it easy."
macksy!!!! i will the steal the bubby from you!!!!
try it! i dare you
up to 5 devices have been found in a backpack in a waste basket in elizabeth, new jersey, mayor says.
how lovely- we now call bombs ied's-" improvised explosive devices." the state of america is sinking fast- better toss the anchor!
black hole in the ocean and dropping fucking paper letters into it to send them back in time?!
and then suwa tops it all off with "we'll be able to save kakeru" in a newly hopeful tone as the leader of the group
and then suwa tops it all off with "we'll be able to save kakeru" in a newly hopeful tone as the leader of the group
like it's actually fucking viable?!?! what
95% people on social networks assume.
facts. and then there is those who just want to assume, to assume.
like it's actually fucking viable?!?! what
yeah, i'm nearly certain that this group is completely incapable of saving kakeru
dvds &gt;&gt;&gt;
and ready for my cock! sexy lady needs to be punished!
the grawlix rant
the grawlix rant
russia blocks web's two biggest porn sites, leading to national uproar
the cold war never ended; the pretense has been dropped. putin wants a new cccp controlled by putin.
plus i can see her using most of the money on her family.
yes and james would be happy for her
creeping on you
this is the best thing i've seen on twitter this week
store &gt;&gt;&gt;
and she said yes! mine tonight and every night!
can anyone help me with wordpress?
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
i think it may be time to switch to wordpress. needing a website more user friendly. thoughts anyone?
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
the chrisdamusic rant
the chrisdamusic rant
jiu jitsu question: is it fair for a professor to force you to boycotting or refused you to do a tournament?
last time i checked we are free to do what we want. peer pressure doesn't work on everyone.
my wife better be the best waffle maker
cinnamon rolls bruh
not by nawazsharif
decision not to appoint a fm is a conspiracy
my roommate is a fucking weirdo.
that dude came to another dorm to tell us to keep it down lol wtf
"we have got to do everything we can to make sure that hillary clinton is elected president." -
this has nothing to do with the people. his only concern is to save the establishment &amp; facilitate socialism
i fought professionally for 20 years.
twenty years of fighting in the world's dangerous area...combat motherf$&amp;kers!
ofjdkljf w is goodd im glad im wailing philp is cute yes
cries bc i ship philip with shoutarou but i also ship philip and me. //weeps
i'm not sure if i will do color, but if i do black and white i will do proper shading!
*wags a small tornado into existence *&lt;3
let's go to berkeley on wednesday! or maybe saturday if you're not working?
i'm down for wednesday bc i'm going to my friends kickback saturday
everyone
lovely! ty amiga
i keep saying it. this is what defined brexit.
i'd wait for the debates to start. it's still a long way until november.
'transparent' creator jill soloway compares trump to hitler via the horrible! ridiculous.this is not news worthy
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
how lovely- we now call bombs ied's-" improvised explosive devices." the state of america is sinking fast- better toss the anchor!
btw, an ied is a fucking bomb- there i said it- if my language offends anyone- tough shit!
why are clothes so expensive :-(
the green one with the flowers is so cute imma kms
i'm down for wednesday bc i'm going to my friends kickback saturday
oh yeah that's right. i forgot, then wednesday it is :)
ny explosion can not be called a bomb
how exactly? please clarify how the improvised explosive device (ied) that injured 29 people in my city wasn't a bomb?
philadelphia officers fired upon for 2nd night in a row
not standing to the flag and attacks on cops is the pride of democrats. social engineering for power is their goal.
he's been married so many times, i assume the whole family is one big mess.
that seems to have been the case with the kennedys.
great to be back in the mornings with &amp; . today we may see something we haven't since 7/31! find out on
nice to have you back geoff!
bedlam was originally a place of sanctuary - now it can be again | mike jay
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
when trump utters "if she weren't my daughter", sounds he isn't convinced she's biological. lol
the truth in that would be found in a lack of resemblance.
send the addy and i'm there
yaaay! tell dianna too i'll send it to you right now .
not sure if this is poetic or shit.
most poetry is shit
can't wait for this.
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
view from the river clyde
friend say can ising opera soprano help restore dunolly ancestry king alpin1st 68thmy exhusband stedevoy
agrees wholeheartedly, i understad
how dare this boy be so charming. should i be warned abt any other kr boys
the only thing that matters, is right now, this moment, this one spectacular moment we are sharing together.
it's like you heard me (thinking of you)
birther nation: alive and well
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
i have no problem w/ questioning "freedom of religion" (in practice) same as w/ "freedom of speech".
or simply "freedom" itself, and where the line has to be drawn.
donald trump is the more extreme candidate, americans say
you mean the leftist democrats and their hacks in the media say it. anyway, he represents the people not the establishment.
i talk a lot of shit but this is not one of those times man idk
sometimes the beauty of things really fuckin throws me off. how can the world be so shitty and so beautiful
imo liz got personal. she talked shit about both james and meg.
she did but they maintained a balance wasnt as personal like this year
instead of being bitten by a radioactive spider, she had may parker create artificial spider powers for her to fill in for miles.
boo! booooo!!!!
i have no problem w/ questioning "freedom of religion" (in practice) same as w/ "freedom of speech".
i consider it simply as abuse of power.
his only hope is nicole. no way in hell paul's taking him. he's got 2 days to work on her
have faith bud
his voice raps and everything else is straight trash
why does meek mill always have beef with someone
guess we'll flip a coin.
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
you mean the leftist democrats and their hacks in the media say it. anyway, he represents the people not the establishment.
and you are so concerned with losing the handouts that keep you ever so obedient that it stinks.
that's another thing people said pre-brexit. :p
well, there are 3 debates between clinton and trump, and anything can literally happen.
this could also be true, after arrest of activists and needs to be investigated thoroughly.
no more stories occupied lets watch .. repeat
guess we'll flip a coin.
if you don't know who you are: you cannot make a mistake.
guess we'll flip a coin.
trump's theme song:
i would say both would be capable and it would be likely for both to be lying, and to remain neutral till more is learned.
in related info,
search for suspects &amp; motives are underway in nyc bombing
the last thing hillary and dems want is for cops to find the animals that are doing this. it prevents them to pimp got votes
im still salty at bbc merlin for making morgana so mean. like i know shes supposed to be, but i was so gay for pre-season 4 morgana yo
morgana was my crush and fav until season 4. damn you writers
guess we'll flip a coin.
: please send human or animal feces to the following:: donald j. trump 725 5th ave, new york, ny 10022
war on middle class: mcdonalds hires foreign h-1bs, fires 70 american accounting staff
where-city/state/town please
guess we'll flip a coin.
question: what's the difference between donald trump and a cesspool? answer: you can clean a cesspool
well, there are 3 debates between clinton and trump, and anything can literally happen.
...and, i don't want to get into the history of how presidential debates actually do have an effect on elections.
trump says his corporate repatriation plan will bring back "trillions in business wealth"
at whose expense? they will get tax cuts while we will pay higher taxes with less benefits and no regulatory protection.
breaking: 4 arab men arrested in connection with nyc bombing
now there's a shocker
but i've seen you naked.. god did.. god saw it all that night
no you didn't lol every time i get naked i tell god to close his eyes what makes you think i'd be naked around you
exactly. she has the costume, and captain stacy is there, but that's it. other than that she's not spider-gwen.
muggers &amp; purse snatchers beware, it's mile morale's substitute!
any of my friends able to build me a website for work or point me in the direction?
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
- "trump is a dangerous ignoramus who doesn't know the first thing about foreign policy." -eliot cohen
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
any "tech talents" wanna help me make a website please?
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
trump says his corporate repatriation plan will bring back "trillions in business wealth"
trump should slime back into his sewer.
i'm sooooooo lucky to have you my adorable friend love you girl!!!!
awwwe! i love you back my friend. i'm lucky too.:)) love! love! your new avi. :))
don't wanna come and bake brownies with me.
i.be.sleep.
his shit is raw though, raw shit. i fuck with him more definitely
can't even understand what the guy is even rapping about. it sounds like trash
ohhh ok bc theres a lot of nerds around u may like, i will wait and see :''3ccc
im... a sucker for momotaros tbh. he's so fucking lame and embarrassing i love him. //covers face
that sounds like a good idea rather than pretending to find a disorder.
the brain scans confirmed that is a real condition. please try to keep up.
i would say both would be capable and it would be likely for both to be lying, and to remain neutral till more is learned.
"willis pickering didn't have custody of the child when he took her friday from the home of the custodian..."
do you think your updated pkg will be ready for top of 5:30?
not sure. check with ed.deberry.com he's on it.
whoaaaa!! yen town band is trending!!! !!! !! i need to check out their new album and you needa check out the film swallowtail butterfly!!
holy shit, i just only now realized that the guy who plays fei hong is also the orphanage owner in ashita mama ga inai
"willis pickering didn't have custody of the child when he took her friday from the home of the custodian..."
"where she had been placed temporarily by the buncombe county department of health and human services."
when their relationship was good, nothing was more entertaining. bumper car talk, gt, phone calls, etc. but when it was bad...
only bad because of other people
in related info,
oops, this beanbag post was in the wrong thread.
bitch who you playing lmao
nobody lol idk what you're talking about
67 times tweeted about the '' movement - abc news (via )
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
i have a thing for embarrassing, lame characters who think they're cool.
except philip. he's so cute, he makes me wanna punch a wall
67 times tweeted about the '' movement - abc news (via )
self-interest is the antithesis of objectivity.
howdyouknowthatthen?
do you know what a meta-analysis is?
as a danger. to anyone involved. i imagine the loss of control involved in being a parent would cause all sorts of problems.
it looks like the mother also had lost custody at that time.
wait...i adore !!! i'm so happy she is finally being recognized for her unbelievable work!
she should get 8 statues or is it 9 i've lost count of how many clones she's playing.
i'm awake at 5 in the morning due to my cramps and i never been more grateful!! my girls killed the tmg video!
so many good ass moments from ally leading them to them showing off girl power i f*cking love it
as a danger. to anyone involved. i imagine the loss of control involved in being a parent would cause all sorts of problems.
and the man then felt cornered when he saw the rangers.
japan (closed overnight); china (re-opens, shanghai +0.77%)
tlt is down again
not sure, it's been a few days, and after reading tons of articles, i couldn't say with any authority.
it turns out u were correct, "as investigators were looking into the parental abduction,"
mike zimmer is building something special in the twin cities
all the vikings need is a good number 2 receiver. i would bring in james jones or wes welker.
steps keep splitting my grief through these solipsistic moods
i should call my parents when i think of them should tell my friends when i love them
we are looking for a coder contact us today!
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send your details to leads.com
every sunday night huh lol
dude ya it's getting reallllllll annoying lmao
it turns out u were correct, "as investigators were looking into the parental abduction,"
"park rangers who weren't aware of a lookout alert that had been issued for the girl saw the two walking..."
and can only say this is definetly not our policy. do you mind me asking which location you were in and when?
i was at the upper east side location. i even brought my mom her own tortilla chips as yours are fried in the same oil as fish
2/ enhanced resting-state brain activities in patients: a study
3/ and i linked other results saturday under . first page of google search. try to read.
yes. it's like they wanted it to fail or they were too cynical to believe that nat could be into james for real.
i think it was both but they all gonna hate when is the only one to date
if you're not getting the outcome you want, re-evaluate your situation
rt : if you're not getting the outcome you want, re-evaluate your situation
. has diplomats abandoning vows of silence | ap photo
why have the cia, if putin's trump is allowed to undermine the us ic?
at least can straighten knee now. worry is meniscus. hoping acl spared. best - 2 wks worst - season
i'm guessing he's out for season.
3/ and i linked other results saturday under . first page of google search. try to read.
if you have any mu's, look them up in a dictionary. i know you scientologists know how to do that.
"park rangers who weren't aware of a lookout alert that had been issued for the girl saw the two walking..."
"down a steep embankment near blue ridge parkway. suspicious because there were no trails, picnic areas or camp sites nearby"
"down a steep embankment near blue ridge parkway. suspicious because there were no trails, picnic areas or camp sites nearby"
"the rangers approached the man after they saw him building an illegal fire, according to the complaint."
nigger cunt bitch motherfucker i fuck dad cunts bitch ass niggers pick cotton nigger nigger cunt nigger
jay look how your words affect yourself smh
php developers get at me! 3 month contract in adelaide available. lamp experience needed
we have good experienced development team in opensource mainly php/mysql (lamp) based applications!
grand central parkway huge accident by lga nothing moving
that has thankfully been cleared. all lanes were closed to finish the clean up.
it's 2 in the morning and me and mel are talking about... nvm
it's 2 am and , and i are playing cod.
how did i just see this now
bc u hate me
just falling asleep in someones arms is really the best feeling ive ever felt and i havent had that in a year
totally makes you feel loved
hiring a front-end web developer (wordpress) for an immediate contract job opening. sf bay area. please pm for more info. 12-month project.
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
i want to wish my baby a happy birthday i hope you have an amazing day filled with happiness &amp; joy
thank you so much zeny! i appreciate it! i hope everything is well and congrats on moving into your little space!
was anyone else told in primary school that putting savlon on grazes hurt because it was "the good germs fighting the bad germs"?
was told something similar alright.
how did it hijack the climate?
the climate hoax movement.i provided u information-for u to begin educating yourself-pursue it,stop getting played
i'm really hoping so. i believe nat is a genuinely nice person. at the very least, james will end up with a lifelong friend.
i think they will stick it out for a while but i agree on all points these 2 have a bod no one else could ever have
don't you get it yet? 90% of people with do benefit from drugs. it may not be a malfunction, but we benefit.
the whole point of getting an diagnosis is so we can get drugs &amp; therapy to help us with it.
did i go too far? did i sabotage my racing this year?
i just started metabolic efficiency and i can tell it in my legs!! am going to work with it a while longer and see what happens
the whole point of getting an diagnosis is so we can get drugs &amp; therapy to help us with it.
it's entirely possible to have and not be officially diagnosed or take meds for it. so what?
looking for web help with and website
if you're considering agency, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
it's entirely possible to have and not be officially diagnosed or take meds for it. so what?
my purpose in activism for awareness is to reduce the shame &amp; stigma you folks place on us.
the refs have way too big of an impact on nfl games.
the league doesn't want defense anymore. they want it to be madden on rookie level
and can only say this is definetly not our policy. do you mind me asking which location you were in and when?
and it was yesterday evening, sunday september 18th.
my purpose in activism for awareness is to reduce the shame &amp; stigma you folks place on us.
and i'm including all mental health denialists, not just scientologists. they're just one source.
merkel's party suffers rout in migrant backlash
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
you don't believe in climate change?
ya,weather changes all the time,but man has absolutely nothing to do with it - and has no ability to alter it.
and i'm including all mental health denialists, not just scientologists. they're just one source.
but scientologists have evil in their hearts towards adults like me who take psych drugs gladly.
saying service at e and f subway train station stops at 23 st has been restored in both directions
yes, path is still bypassing. thank you :)
but scientologists have evil in their hearts towards adults like me who take psych drugs gladly.
we don't fit into their plans for a perfect world full of "the able to be made more able." do we?
basically yeah.
i got a pic for every occasion, and some i made for no clear reason-
thanks catherine! we sit next to each other in the newsroom too!! lol
it's early, going on very little sleep this weekend, love watching you guys first thing in the morning!!
and abiogenesis is the same faith as evolution that it all happened without god.
why did god not send the comet which initiated abiogenesis?
we don't fit into their plans for a perfect world full of "the able to be made more able." do we?
(we being people who see psychs &amp; take psych meds). we should be "disposed of quietly..." perhaps?
this is gender discrimination and antiquated mentality
unconscious discrimination ingrained over the years
merkel's party suffers rout in migrant backlash
i know more about isis than the generals..." on his payroll = create havoc, right wing takes over
fascinating
but yeah, that's some bullshit with spider-gwen, marvel animation remains firmly in the dumpster
don't know if it's a brag but i enjoyed the heck out of my post-race treat week
the rewards of hard work are sweeeeet!
this is the video everyone is talking about! share it online because the media won't! we are the media!
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
and yes,evolution does claim theory for origin of life as fact with zero proof. god claims it with no discredit to thaclaim
what in the heck are you talking about? what does god "claim"?
any man may easily do harm, but not every man can do good to another. plato.
this feels appropriate for today...
who is this marxist? what capitalism agenda?
greens are the new reds
the atheist has to muster a lot more faith to believe in evolution, than what the christian does to believe in an intelligent designer.
does intelligent design not account for evolution?
ads must not reinforce it rather change this stereotyping
i agree , some education and training needed on all fronts
crush on the pizza boy too real
the young boy
totally agreed! brands should be steering to correct social issues.
in the west there are diversity trainings at work places pak needs same
women rule the world, no man has ever done anything that a woman either hasn't allowed or encouraged him to do. bob dylan
somebody obviously hasn't thought through this statement
ultimate spider-man has some good ideas and then some terrible ideas and hardly anything is well-executed.
it's amazing that disney can't manage good animated adaptations of marvel's ip
i wish we could make a that was the perfect podcast for all who consumed it, but we can't. very frustrating nonetheless.
u &amp; adam made something i look forward to the way i used to look forward to mash/cheers/seinfeld.
wid yet 2 take some aggressive decisions after d govt displaying interestless approch towards a billion indians feeling jai hind
ok. but please tweet in marathi sir...
us when you wake up so early you get heartburn
but then i made it on the bus before the downpour of rain 'thedoit
lmaoroflol! you believe in giant fossils that are known fakes but not dinosaurs lol.
are neanderthal humans also "fake"?
terrible story, great tie !
guess who went to his reunion??
i'll be there, don't be scared...
lucy lucy why!!! this is beautiful
hopefully,these women learn men can teach them something valuable-about anger,men learn early(they must-testosterone
also men learn if you shoot your mouth off or get physical, you might catch these hands.
i don't wish that. i do this for our amusement; that anyone else likes it is a really nice bonus.
right, keep making it the way u made those first few episodes. you didn't know or care what the feedback would be.
rain is coming and it could mess up your commute. you might want to head out now.
too early......
measures of big-bank volatility appear to be higher than they were before the crisis, larry summers says
is he trying to collapse our economy a second time?
unhealthy fat cells do not release fat yet healthy fat cells release stored fat= weight loss. reverse
thsnk you for your efforts on the book. reading it daily and feeling better already. great information that is doable.
morning! sierra, special ed major.
. good morning! this is the best place to start your day, week, career
i did once in my first visit but the memory was vague i was like grade 2/3 in elementary school
yep. back in 2006 when i was in 6th grade. i've begged my parents to ride to the tram with me. sadly i didn't get that chance.
this is so wow.
why am i just realizing that lauren raps this at one point honestly how did i not see it
these birthday balloons thank you !!!!
wow that's awesome. happy (day after) bday!!
mirror selfies are always better at fancy ice cream places.
mmm. ice cream envy as it's been too long since i've been to morgensterns. which flavors did you go with?
when u flip ur pillow over &amp; it's cold&gt; sex
seriously ? :/
get me two and two ankles while you at it playboy
tell me about it
humans aren't the end goal of evolution. diff environments&gt;diff selection pressure&gt;diff popns of the common ancestor speciate
"humans aren't the end goal of evolution."&lt;---you don't say?
my mom was drugged and raped by picosby and that bit stings sometimes, but the rest of the show is fantastic.
at this point, it's like all our moms.
i use to struggle at letting go but now? fuck em
:) good for you, dev. we live &amp; we learn.
we didn't! end of fairy tale.
not modern monkeys, but surely humans evolved from ancient monkeys?
because there are no environmental pressures to make them more humanlike. do you understand the theory at all?
extant monkeys are not the same type of monkeys that evolved into humans.
extant monkeys are not the same type of monkeys that evolved into humans.
"there are no environmental pressures to make them more humanlike."&lt;--human presence negates it.
suspected al qaeda bomb-maker held at guantanamo bay hints at saudi arabia role in 9/11
wow, what a shocking revelation
"there are no environmental pressures to make them more humanlike."&lt;--human presence negates it.
even if "there are no environmental pressures to make them more humanlike", it's all incidental.
if there's bombs going off in a small city called elizabeth, nj - - aint no where safe b. idc idc idc idc
this happened ?
even if "there are no environmental pressures to make them more humanlike", it's all incidental.
it's not the "lack of environmental pressures", it's that humans already exist.
cheerleader with leukemia brought to tears by football players' kind act
inspiration and touching
the bar should be high, &amp; it should be the same for both candidates. no double standards, and no grading on a curve.
already know qualified &amp; prepared to be next potus. i already know that is not.
it's not the "lack of environmental pressures", it's that humans already exist.
the only reason monkeys were able to evolve into humans, is because humans didn't then exist.
we are slowly shifting the culture here but that's still a major obstacle. one step at a time
many ts at my school love the plc time but for others it's a tough change
it's not up to u to decide if &amp; when, if ever, any1 will, get over it. muted
that's fair. you're right.
im starting our fame program today.
what is fame?
the mhp/grey wolves would know all about catholic plots alright, what with trying to kill john paul ii.
hmmmm. that tweet disappeared but here's a similar one.
thanks for the rec. do you think a b12 deficiency makes anxiety worse?
maybe worst or it's own. one of those that thinks it doesn't get enough attention bc of big pharma
i guess i misunderstood the q...i was referring to s peer collaboration! sorry!
that was my understanding too
"those who make revolution halfway only dig their own grave". best title for a film i've heard in a long time.
was that a good film?
collaboration only truly happens when people want to collaborate ... mandating only has people going through the motions
as a dept leader my task is to "electrify" the environment in plc to entice participation
people always think i'm lazy when i tell them i cant do something because of my leg and it pisses me off.
you don't recover from this shit over night
i want to work on these so much!! i love these photos!! thank you and for shooting b-project
omg these look really good!!! i'm very excited for the outcome!!! the daytime lighting is pretty-
i think he needs more fire. did you see the size of that mother fucker. i'd leave shoes behind over that
i would have lit the entire yard on fire, twice. then moved to another city.
i don't like how mean-spirited people are. it feels worse nowadays.
i think a lot of people realize they were sold a bill of goods about "the future" and got took.
are plans afoot to recreate a russian super security ministry, essentially reviving the kgb?
if you plan to leave russia, now is the time to do it.
one sec, i feel like this is gonna be epic trash. lemme find out for y'all.
oh yeah, that's the stuff.
see, this guy doesn't understand that this wasn't just a sequel to a 20 y/o horror movie. this was the new adam wingard film!
does he realize it's to and not 2?
hanley ramirez's last 82 games in 2013 with dodgers: .341/.398/.628, 19 hr, 56 rbi in 293 abs.ramirez's last 82-.319/.375/.588.23 hr/72 rbi
playing in fenway must be nice. just ask jason bay
usa today is reporting that the fbi has a vehicle of interest stopped in the investigation
really? a pentagon correspondent covering natl/intl security is repeating news from usa today?
... harold ford jr., josh earnest, gov. andrew cuomo, roger bennett, rep. michael mccaul, anne gearan, philip bump, ctd...
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
... katy tur, kristen welker, dominic chu, and more
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
now russia is thinking the u.s. is sympathetic to isis. i wonder why they are thinking that. could it be our leader?hurry-up november 8th.
this is a big problem and hillary supporters don't see the problem
i have discovered the pit of simpsons vaporwave and i'm lost forever
simposons vaporwave is truly an experience lol. now im just waiting for a future funk based simpson style of music lol
gop flak just straight up lying. everyday. amazing to watch a major party sink to such depths
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
gop flak just straight up lying. everyday. amazing to watch a major party sink to such depths
trump's theme song:
was wonderful meeting you! &lt;3
likewise! i can't wait to come visit and have fun times!!
me at 11pm: time 4 bed!! beauty sleep :-) me at 4:02 am:
mary be so turnt up
this is freakin' brilliant and spot on
trump's theme song:
and he's mine yall can choke
would argue about that haha
this is freakin' brilliant and spot on
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
hillary clinton and donald trump had different reactions to this weekend's bomb in new york
regardless of reactions citizens need to protect &amp; unify against inept politicians &amp; enemies of our nation. synonymous issues
bias alert: candidates call nyc blast 'bomb,' trump takes heat
what difference does it make
well, he's obesely overweight, eats junk food, has a family history of alzheimer's &amp; is afraid 2 visit a real doctor
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
these terrorists are not killing because "their g-d" told them to. there is only one g-d &amp; he isn't directing us to kill each other.
maybe it is time to begin calling them "incendiary thugs" so people begin to understand who we are talking about.
have world for some recruitment agencies here so feel free to drop me a line enjoy your time on irish soil!
thanks for helping out! means a lot!!
absolutely no respect for those people.
last movie i watched online was hostel 2 in highschool. but i still paid to see it in theaters
great. i'll take the afternoon shift. xo
machiavelli's venus. (putin's bitch)
nato has no plan if russia invades - the times
that is what germany thought about britain and france when hitler invaded poland.
good heavens, i'm just reading about the bombs in ny &amp; hope you are not affected!
no impact here other than the collective frustration with people who want to hurt or maim folks. i was home about 9 miles away.
good heavens, i'm just reading about the bombs in ny &amp; hope you are not affected!
thanks for checking in!!
check out this classic libtard! his mother should have swallowed
yes he is definitely stupid
nah you're just a liar i'm latino asian we all support trump in my family
your profile says you support gay marriage. doubt you are a trump supporter, or even a republican.
start the morning with this ...the upside of tasting innovation | dailyvee 068
your the man
the next person that says shenanigans is getting pistol whipped
hey farva... what's the name of that restaurant you like?
is that why he got $150,000 for afected buesiness bt 9/11, tax money by the way
that was another lie he told to get the money for damages he never suffered. why ignore his lies?
as digital change increases, will nature become a dull world to us?
never... only of your zombified by nwo toxic foods &amp; urbanized mind control
they've finally made a 3d map of the clitoris, and it looks like sexy muppet eyes:
that's really helpful in understanding this excellent podcast about the g-spot
just went to log in to fb &amp; it's been logged in. no one asked me if i'm safe. but the timeline was filled w posts thanking others for asking
so now where i didn't feel left out, the bombing has added a whole other complex to me: why is no one checking on me from afar?
now i'm confident enough to workout with my boo lets get it in one day
can i watch !
this rabbi knows what he is talking about! we should listen well.
the true definition of "terrorist" had either gotten lost or was manipulated.
so now where i didn't feel left out, the bombing has added a whole other complex to me: why is no one checking on me from afar?
whatever.
train station- moment device detonates while being inspected by bomb squad robot
great time to give up our 2nd amendment right to protect ourselves... mall attack, hachet attack, &amp; more
i'm uploading a youtube video tomorrow!!!
if it feels right i might upload weekly
phone just rebooted without me touching it
v bugggy here too
real americans want job security and border security
job security? you mean once you get a job you get to keep it forever?
i just can't find the strength to get out of bed
text me really quick 631-413-5824
train station- moment device detonates while being inspected by bomb squad robot
guess that was meant to cause rush hour train derailment... sleeper cells have been unleashed apparently
it's all the way!" -
here's a new one: how about
what happened to having mondays and tuesdays off?
isn't he starting his new job
smh you don't know the half of it.
take me on the journey
i think a crackhead has my phone
what happened
if a man ever tried to blatantly invalidate my feelings and tried to make me feel like i was crazy for feeling a certain way ..
..he's getting cut off on the spot. talk to me about it. there's obviously a reason i'm feeling this way.
isn't he starting his new job
hmm ya you're right!
..he's getting cut off on the spot. talk to me about it. there's obviously a reason i'm feeling this way.
clear the misconception if i'm wrong; just don't tell me i'm crazy or try to act like my feelings don't matter.
tomorrow's front page: terror cops probe blast residue, pressure cooker; eye link to nj bomb
of course its linked to the nj bomb!! it took you this long to figure that out?! the media, i swear!! fools!!
hope they don't have a commute this morning!
yes ugh a very busy commute
how to build an online community from the zero point? asks ten experts:
thank you for sharing, dorie! you are awesome
you and me both.
that's definitely what im eating later today
happy monday tweeps, have a good week!!
thanks! right back at you!!! :-)
keeping an open mind about it, are you using for transcripts or quickly logging tape?
quickly logging tape, just to remind me of what was said. then i only bother fixing errors in tape that might go in script.
clear the misconception if i'm wrong; just don't tell me i'm crazy or try to act like my feelings don't matter.
many women already suppress their feelings when they take you back (out of love) after you hurt them. ( sadly, it happens, a lot)..
how to write better headlines [infographic] via
thank you for sharing, verena. have a great day! :)
liza came in my room rn &amp; dead ass started cracking up bc we're both lil vaginas
smh how you gon make some sexist comments shawty. but i can imagine both of y'all
many women already suppress their feelings when they take you back (out of love) after you hurt them. ( sadly, it happens, a lot)..
now you want to step on her feelings more saying they don't matter? hmm. interesting. tell us more about how only your feelings are valid.
thanks, but looking for an individual not an agency.
ok thanks. if you have any plan to considering agency please contact us.
thanks, but looking for an individual not an agency.
we can provide you with high quality guaranteed services at reasonable price.
obviously, that cup is going to spill everywhere
yeahhh! we are getting you back!
if you ever wanted to create your own sneaker youtube channel, here are a few tips from and a few others.
qias need to stop doing all those click bait vids way to many wish i could block his channel on my youtube
where should uber go? i am uber driver but it will take awhile to get to affected areas.
thank you for responding. i think most have made it home by now and trains are slowly running again.
now you want to step on her feelings more saying they don't matter? hmm. interesting. tell us more about how only your feelings are valid.
ain't no "call me crazy, at least you calling" round here bihh. invalidate my feelings, just don't call me at all.
thanks, but looking for an individual not an agency.
we do have lot of experience in design/development of ecommerce websites. our portfolio:
ain't no "call me crazy, at least you calling" round here bihh. invalidate my feelings, just don't call me at all.
note - not talking about my own life. just a random late night thought.
when ur dog is the only person u trust
laugh out loud cuteness! too adorable!!
has gone from a leak to a flood. in full swing as big donors were awarded federal positions.
able to perform
lost it at the lake smh &amp;&amp; it keeps being tracked around the lake but i can't call it :(
can't u hit that alert shit that makes it beep hella loud on the find my iphone shit
thunder &amp; lightning &amp; rain at 3am just made me so happy
it just killed all our power and cost you tax dollars are you happy still
i hear ya and feel ya catherine! thanks for hanging with you. have a safe and happy monday
thank you, stay safe
i'm excited to come back, it's nice to get away sometimes but 2 weeks is enough
totally. rest up for next big trip now
happppy birthday
thank you:)
why this south korean poster for rogue one look like promo for the darkest episode of scooby doo ever?
or some xmen x hunger games type
fuck i'm sorry ._.
don't apologize, i'm not offended, we all fall victim to rhetoric we are surrounded by and hardly notice it. vigilance is key
love people for who they are instead of judging them for who they are not.
well said. thanks for the friendly reminder...i needed this today. thanks for sharing.
who up, i aint goin to sleep anytime soon so go on n message me
this tweet is definitely directed at someone specific, who do you want in your dm's?
police officers rescued the little pup from an abusive owner. and then one adopted her.
awwww...melt my heart sweetness. what a lovely ending!! they rescued each other. :-)
brissett is going against jj watt and wilfork! not worried, not worried at all!! somebody please tell me not to worry!!!
don't worry. bb will have a game plan for him. he needs to let him throw, but safe plays to open up the field. he will.
i seen zack de la rocha at burgerlords. wish i was prone to punishing strangers so i could ask him if he thinks prophets of rage is corny
i would assume he would quickly and surely say "fuck yes i am"
we interrupt your timeline for a frenchie stampede. get out of the way
adorableness overload! great picture to ease on into the work week......
can't none of you niggas beat my ass
rt : can't none of you niggas beat my ass except dame. he'd knock me the fuck out
i've been sleeping on an amtrak train for the past 4 hours in new york penn station bc of this
jesus fuck man, be safe buddy. hope they get you going soon.
walked a total of 78 blocks in sandals yesterday and my feet muscles are sore. this is why i don't wear sneakers!
foot muscles* ?
let them miss you. sometimes when you're always available they take you for granted because they think you'll always stay.
wow!! you have no idea how much i needed this...it's confirmation of what i've been pondering in my heart. thanks!!
ah good to hear you &amp; your good lady weren't involved. there must've been chaos.
yes, took a subway that skirted the area. no direct contact with the area. that said, another device was found
nbc news: law enforcement officials say that they are concerned that there may be an active terror cell in the ny/nj area w/
why? per the mayor, there's no link to terrorism!
we need more anti-american refugees via hillary???
no more muslim immigrants please
i'm a libertarian i am a trump supporter i just want my country back its been run into the ground
you want what back? what is it that you miss? what has been run into the ground?
need someone to help me build a website
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
also, the pokmon are the same in as in .
hope you got a mr mime! can only catch those in europe!
i need someone to build me a website that's up and running by sunday where the web devs at?
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
sea otters hold hands while sleeping so they don't drift away from each other!
this just epitomizes love, trust, caring, friendship, etc.....love this!!
ah good to hear you &amp; your good lady weren't involved. there must've been chaos.
in elizabeth, nj. i spend time there &amp; was there last week with the mayor of the town &amp; just heard him on .
i'm thinking they will be running the ball a lot more with him!
yes but they can't just run we saw that when brisset came in. need balance to keep the opposing d honest.
you have to believe in yourself when no one else does - that makes you a winner right there. -venus williams
well said by someone who is a winner and an inspiration.
poor alicia. that scene broke my heart.
what happened? i missed it last nigh. :(
despite subway repairs, williamsburgh still one 'l' of a nabe
is attempting a new spelling version of williamsburg.
search the candidates...there is no news of substance. nothing about issues. it's all polls &amp; propaganda. is fiction.
not since have we heard a consistent base of policy issues if picked those up she'd have momentum
to my twitter fam want to let you know i'm having surgery tomorrow for a testicular tumor. could be cancerous needing prayers fam. please rt
prayers my friend !!! you can beat this
i need help building a website! can someone help?
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
cnn edited out hillary's 'bomb' used her "wait until facts" vs trump's 'bomb' did cnn show she said exact same word?
the media has no problem lying. so much for its being our first line in the defense of liberty.
i am praying for you.. the lord has a loving relationship to fill your heart &amp; life! he will bring it together..
this brought me to tears...you have confirmed what i've been pondering in my heart. thanks for reminding me to trust my father.
i'm so confused on why there lighting and thunder rn ain't it still summer?
i remember a couple years back when it was hotter than satan's asshole during the fall and i was really confused
that's love bro bro! salute!
thats my joint my g
longest i have seen the tsa pre line in a long time.
funny, i had the same thing happen leaving jax! i have never seen a tsa pre line that long before.
hey is there any method to search tweet using dghubble/go-twitter ?
not right now, but new endpoints are pretty easy to add if you wanted to send a pr. i'll add new ones when i have some time
we don't think the polls are wrong. we love leading hillary in states pres obama won. our shared point is different
- we need to do our homework - have all of clinton found. probs, pay for play, ambassadorships sold, pls.
so i just finished and please please tell me there is a and possibly and ! huge fan! love peter pan
yes! book 2 will be out next year. and an eshort will be out this winter. so glad you enjoyed it.
baby wolf made front page 6 months ago. here is how he looks today
look at his sweet smikes!! we can be a positive force for good in this world...
happy bday lawton's hope your day was great
thanks gf
wake tf up people! we need real leadership or this will become a daily thing in the usa. out of control
dear fear monger, it won't become any more of a regular thing than it already has. don't be a wimp
happy birthday mom/sarbear these r some rough pics
lmao thanks trin
cat gets in a fight. fat cat does his best to help.
laugh out loud funny...he'll help as long as he doesn't have to get up...too adorable.
need someone to design my website, please dm me if you can
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
trump would guarantee the victory of western civilization and law and order.
"the victory of law &amp; order"? he's already castigated a federal judge because of ethnicity. what planet are you on?
major caffeine reporting for duty
i can't have that. enjoy
this updates /ipsos electoral map shows more than nearly anything how much has changed in just a month.
show up for trump! he is our last, best chance to get off the course we are on.
wish i had the strength to roll this joint
cones would be clutch rn even tho i don't really bang with em
lmaojshsgghsjshs "boy you ain't got no sister"
the way he talks is so adorable
it has become abundantly clear that the establishment has zero intention of keeping us safe, and are thus illegitimate.
because of a couple punks with pipe bombs? when did you become such a wimp?
emmys: jill soloway compares "dangerous monster" donald trump to adolf hitler via
it's not new, i saw the sam thing in r t.rump months ago. i'm so glad other ppl r starting to c it2.its so late already!!
have they been identified?
the 5 men are from elizabeth, nj. no charges filed yet/ no arrests yet.
we don't think the polls are wrong. we love leading hillary in states pres obama won. our shared point is different
- clinton foundation donors , please check on ambassorships sold - looking now
marijuana breathalyzer... rly
or they can just smell that loud on my breath like wahhh
my team sucks ass. i didn't expect to do that bad
honestly i thought you were gonna smoke my shit
jeb bush couldn't even get his his emmys piece right. the man is a monumental rube. face it.
something's lovable about jeb.......
wait, they have a bunny island? don't they have a cat island too?
okami has an island with a mysterious thousand (?) foot tall tower for cats
massive rally against islam in france via
looks like a trump rally at the square. viva la
let go of: 1 ego 2 entitlement 3 resentment 4 hate 5 doubt hold on to: 1 positivity 2 gratitude 3 optimism 4 hope 5 love
well said!! important life lesson. thanks for sharing.
emmys: jill soloway compares "dangerous monster" donald trump to adolf hitler via
also t rump is very much the same as moussolini,of old italy.
just told my daughter that i had a song stuck in my head and she started looking through my hair for it.
children and their innocence...
neverheard bastard muslim illegal alien presidentobama! usa is attacked!
fucking joe w/his paramours/lendaries of fools panelresorting to racism
hide not your talents, they for use were made, what's a sundial in the shade - benjamin franklin via
well said! "don't hide your light under a bushel."
let me pour you a drink whilst dick looks after the barbecue...
speak of catching the right moment
we really need rain in the tri-state area.
moderation is the key......or is that.......
the sky isn't always blue. the sun doesn't always shine. so it's okay to fall apart sometimes, but always remember to get up again!
love this! wonderful words of wisdom. thanks for sharing.
this is the level of shitlib faggotry we are dealing with. completely and dangerously irresponsible.
uh, you seem like the wimp wanting to deport millions because of a couple of bad guys
sooo jealous! i want to go every year and never can make it!
i can't believe we waited 20 years. it was soooo much fun.
anatole abang seems to be settling in quickly at hobro
so, the plan is working!
did you really just tweet this? lose a couple of limbs and get back to us, ok? you're deplorable.
trump supporters live in fear
life changing research: 'five second rule' for food on floor is untrue, study finds
wonder what that study cost?
god claims to be the creator. evolution claims to come up from the slime= origins of life
"god claims to be the creator."&lt;---is that true?
breaking: has no ground game in delaware, ohio
they can't pull the comments quickly enough.
man, i like "centre cannot hold" narratives like 2nd season fargo. and they are *really* hard to end.
any other good examples?
breaking: has no ground game in delaware, ohio
they will rig the vote. look at the fox polls...
god claims to be the creator. evolution claims to come up from the slime= origins of life
but what if god made evolution?
a kazillion federal and state agencies to keep us safe. the fbi, tsa, the nsa, etc. and 2 homeless guys found the bombs in
what? so cops should be everywhere at once? your expectations are infantile
star rami malek on immigrant families: "i want everyone to be given a chance like me"
soooo happy for him. very well deserved. awesome actor!! reaction was epic when his name was called..
we need your support to get to the white house and defeat . let's make america great again!
on what date was the usa greater than it is today? please prove that you have paid taxes just as past and present nominees.
it's 2 am and like i guess i should go to bed
it's 3:30 and i guess i should fall asleep
broncos d came up big there for the fantasy win lad. i went to bed and it was a close game between us.
yeh and a rodgers touchdown in the last quarter. surprised they lost that one
a little but it's part of being young. don't forget this boot offense has yet to really be stopped by anyone.
umm it's week 2
nurses save lives 4 a living. we also love our country, but says we belong in a
sir! you look familiar. not to give you away, but do you know lenox hill?
i really can't wait to see
i wonder if it's gonna be similar to the hit movie ?
by any of the other means of forcing penetration or sexual intercourse, obviously.
but 'forcing penetration' does not equate to 'rape'. see:
season 13 of greys anatomy starts this week if y'all need a reason to smile and make it through the school week
my life is abt to get great again
hbd to my bff thx for all u do, ur a gr8 friend&amp;person, ily lotshave a great day(: (songchoice)
hahaha love this thanks sm bff love you forever
this is all a stunt to get elected....
and it's working
by any of the other means of forcing penetration or sexual intercourse, obviously.
i don't believe a woman can truly "force intercourse" on a man.
now you're excusing terrorism? you hate your fellow americans, are o.k. with terrorists? please seek mental health help.
excusing terrorists? no, jail and execute if need be. but stop turning this country into a quivering mass of trump fear.
if you see something say something
our outgoing president says nothing!he who was and is the amateur taking about djt is not qualified. wrong!!
now you're excusing terrorism? you hate your fellow americans, are o.k. with terrorists? please seek mental health help.
love and respect my fellow americans much more than you, who fears millions of them irrationally
i don't believe a woman can truly "force intercourse" on a man.
the washington case was predicated upon breaking &amp; entering, &amp; her having no relationship w/ man
i wish i got this from moms. i had to learn the same repeatedly. i thought i was just insecure or fearful, honestly.
that intuition is something.
kick islam the hell out! or this really is the new normal. all in the name of "tolerance".
became the norm the day barack hussain obama took office.
move patients from disenfranchised to engaged to empowered.
move drs. to engaging pts as people w/exp to help empower hc research; don't disenfranchise by taking 4 ur own
the washington case was predicated upon breaking &amp; entering, &amp; her having no relationship w/ man
if she had been married to the man or at least been in prior relationship, it'd be a non-issue..
you will be flying out of terminal 5.
thank you so much!
if she had been married to the man or at least been in prior relationship, it'd be a non-issue..
i'd be willing to bet there has never been a date-rape case where a woman was charged w/ rape.
you haven't established that they can't.
i established the fact that women do not possess penises as part of their female bodies.
which of the following has not appeared on ij?
well he has, on sal's thigh !!
you haven't established that they can't.
if she doesn't possess a penis, then she isn't raping anyone.
it isn't anything at all, anymore.
it is what it is.
lol this explains a lot. my rising is in cap.
lol, yup. a muhfucka who isn't enhancing your life can kick rocks. immediately
it isn't anything at all, anymore.
the fbi changed their parameters for data collection on 'rape'.... so what?
trump to hitler? spewed by blithering retards who support 1400-year murder spree known is islam. nazis are girl scouts compared to muslims.
1400-year old murder spree? you get your history from what, the toilet in the am?
is one of 's daily tees! i want official merch (jacket), but i couldn't resist!
it's a really cool shirt!
no. only because you pretend that other definitions exist.
i asked the relevance of the def. you shared. i certainly didn't pretend anything.
no. only because you pretend that other definitions exist.
i am asking why u place relevance in the fbi data collection def.?
shoutout to all of our we see each and every one of y'all and we thank you
you all are very welcome
poor imagination. sign of a terrible lover.
even if a woman has a large clit, it's still not a penis.
any comments on this?
getting a $5 box for lunch later today. fuck wih me.
unsaid in fbi statement on chelsea: what happened to occupants? anyone detained? and what's a "vehicle of interest"?
cop speak for: this is the car on video, we are detaining and questioning people, which may reveal more info for warrants
poor imagination. sign of a terrible lover.
i don't imagine women to have penises.
"she had a wonderful soul": family of st. john's grad student slain at j'ouvert bid farewell
it's so sad that something that's supposed to be a celebration has to end up with a tragedy.
she legit wants me to be 21 just so i could buy her drinks...... smh
sounds a little alcoholic to me
thanks for all the great reactions for and . can't stop smiling.
seriously man, you gave an iconic performance, one that will go down as the year's best genre role.
today: a conference to coordinate fundamental research watch live @ 8 am et:
image of the brain revealed using clarity, an example of new tech that is advancing brain understanding. credit: deisseroth lab
on the earlier train to boston, the one scheduled to leave penn at...240am?!? whoa. (@ amtrak northeast regional 66)
headed 2 bos 4 ! haven't ridden a northbound amtrak in almost a decade. so excited. even if this is my view.
perfect! michael, you wanna bring dessert?
do u like homemade s'mores ice cream or would u prefer homemade baklava?
they're in all 50 states. fbi has 1,000 open isis investigations.
boy!! that makes me confident-they cant even find terrorist's wife who they had in custody
the sound of music lost a beloved member of the family w/ the passing of charmian carr. she will be forever missed.
i'm not okay
smh man! swear you weird as hell and 'standoffish'
story of my life. lol, idc anymore.
here's a sneak peak at some original songs that will be on my next album: boys in the band piano man just me take it back this town
did you think of a name for the new album yet? how about staunch
ppl take advantage of all my niceness and love and use it up and leave me alone with nothing
sick!!of!!!!it!!!
reading workingoutloud by
hello from nyc, sarah. i miss stuttgart! last trip was in july, and i've met many wonderful people there.
"snowden" a good film but curiously lacking in ambition, given its controversial subject matter. pedestrian as film, "heroic" subject.
having seen the trailer, it seems little different in its insight from the laura poitras doc
happy birthday to hermione granger, played by in the .
who cares what some of y'all say, she is hermione, either you like it or not, happy birthday dumezweni!!
i mean, my life is ok now, i'm positive about things! just the art-part is very much standing still. any tips to get it moving?
i've been thinking about this a lot lately, maybe getting together a small group of artists on fb could be good for morale :)
thank you my friend. your show has become a familiar funny part time home
why tag howard ?
happy birthday to hermione granger, played by in the .
i'm so sick in tired of some people and their racists tweets, it's making me sick. hermione is a character that
parenthood (at care emergency department in stanford, ca)
hope everything's ok...
fucking joe w/his paramours/lendaries of fools panelresorting to racism
fucking joe has katty, not crying mika/nicolle/jansing anymore
sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't, ion stress it but i keep trying lol
that's what matters.
all trump needs to do is win the toss-ups and then flip one light blue state.
does not state how he gets these numbers. also, in primaries sabato showed trump had no path to 1237
trump has really stepped in it this time: he called nyc explosion a "bomb" 24 hours before it was confirmed to be a bomb. disqualifying!
i'm assuming that this is your usual sarcasm!!!!
hello i just started watching how to get away with murder and can't stop and i need to go to sleep can u help
freaking love that show
/ head-2-head poll: clinton 43 (tie) trump 43
this poll sample is distorted if you look at sample base used
mn mall stabber's family in us for 15 years. his father confirmed his identity "speaking...through an interpreter"
why are these people here for 15 years and still don't know the language...wtf
"progress is on the ballot. tolerance is on the ballot. democracy is on the ballot. justice is on the ballot."
you talk about tolerance and democracy, but you don't walk it. you don't show tolerance for trump and supporters. shame.
i'm going to try shifting my diet to more vegetarian and see how it goes. i would love any recipes you had to share!
brussel sprouts?!? so easy, so awesome - my kids ask for them:
red bulls settle for draw; extend unbeaten streak to 12 games read:
the word does not begin to describe the ongoing failures.
good interview with bratton this morning.
thanks.. he brought great perspective and insight
watch every live out-of-market game, every sunday afternoon. only on nfl sunday ticket.
boycott the nfl!
left the house without headphones
reality sounds terrible
my internship offered me a temporary paid position
omg congrats . take it . it will look great on your resume
happy birthday to hermione granger, played by in the .
any color can portray as her.
happy birthday to hermione granger, played by in the .
just like said, brown eyes, frizzy hair and very clever. white skin was never specified.
happy birthday to hermione granger, played by in the .
rowling loves black hermione
this was great. like 's idea of having the media stand up 1 another by not covering campaign's that suppress
really? you think public will trust media more if the cover less? is that the depth to which media has sunk? pathetic!
tried. "trouble on our end" message. i'll try again later.
we'll investigate! thanks for the heads up ron - and for your support!
'boycott nfl' an early success as patriotic americans punish league with lowest ratings in...
boycott the nfl!!! let the traitors play all by themselves!
oh and actually wear shorts out in public
and go out on a yacht.
good morning to my favorite morning person ever !!! looking good heather as always !!!
favorite morning person ever? that's a lot to carry! :)
oh no :( have decaf and trick your mind
i'm going to have to. after work i got school at 10am won't be home till like 2
functioning subway cars shouldn't be a "blessing" or a crap-shoot -it should be a given. that it isn't is indictment of mta mgmt
i meant it's back to stopping at 23rd street
arrests made in nyc bombing, additional bombs located at train station - law officer
thanks for the update pat!
and thanks for linking my piece! (my surname is missing an "l" at the end, though )
thanks for sharing. will make that change:)
subscribe to my exclusive snapchat at
will u ever return to adult films. u were my fave. so real and natural.
i can always count on anime fans to have great taste &gt;:l
berserk is my favorite piece of media. period. new series is very meh and that's the general consensus i've heard
you and the woman most likely to lead the us label us and contain us in baskets, as if in a camp, and you are shaken? wtf?
racist. you proud of that? u think hate is cool? smart?
i swear camren are the twins of fifth harmony.... they look so alike aubrey &amp; aundrea teas
who is carmen?
. camp bashes priebus, warns of national gop 'wipeout' | ap photo
for the first time, i begin to doubt my primary support for . sir, think of your legacy!
i just started taking probiotics again. i buy them at whole foods &amp; it's totally cleared up all my texture!!!
need to hear more about this! which brand or strain?
after stopping by it at the station 30 times i got japanese kfc. potato wedges were ehh and had that jp fast food taste. tenders were gdlk??
tell me you got yoshinoya at some point this week?
realizing that clinton's deplorables speech was designed to make it easier for me to identify the white nationalists on twitter.
like roaches in a nighttime flashlight
still can't get to my apartment and my bf doesn't have cable so you guys are the way i am watching the
i think my intro tag line when i was on dating sites was "cable, a/c, free wifi!" ...also my amazing kate bush karaoke covers...
we are happy to assist. when you say it stops after start, can you give us a bit of detail on that?
after 2 or 3 seconds you have to restart itunes selection; after that it's fine
what if our psyche cant handle the knowing, the transparency and and the actual lessening of awfulness perceived as its exacerbation.
isnt trump a continuation of just this inability - "let me hide behind the most outlandish of possibilities, that must surely work".
he said you complain too much and nobody listens to your show anyway
well cornette can go jump in a lake. he's too busy hating ko and the young bucks.
just got to for a relaxing week
looks amazing, have fun! rt "just got to for a relaxing week "
press failure has been the big, unpleasant surprise of this campaign.
haha. priceless coming from blatant shill krugman. most msm tied
yas sir , what ever u say mastr
trump supporters are cowardly pussies who should leave governing to the strong
niecey nash's publicist would not let her talk to the black press!
it's niecy, just like its jon voight not voit.
kasich rules out voting for clinton but 'no closer' to voting for trump | ap photo
is risking making himself irrelevant after november 2016. should trust gop voters and defer to their judgment!
don't worry. useless said it's not terrorism. just someone placing bombs around nyc.
hard to imagine a campaign so inept as to not lock down this hashtag but yes: had me fooled
not that one. not the one that showed up in the unfurl. stupid internet. this one:
that's the one that caught my eye, too. (can't fathom the method the knitter is using, though.)
happening now: authorities are conducting a raid on an elizabeth, nj apartment building -- possibly connected to device discoveries
where were the 5 men they stopped before airport going ????
how much of yesterday's loss was on jim caldwell? i thought he coached a terrible game. he did not have the lions ready to go.
caldwell's the worst. lions another team that needs childress
the fact that my landlord can charge rent while not providing hot water for a month, but i can't like mildly assault him is unfair.
but you can assault his ass in housing court!
still have yet to try it to be continued
i have the clear gloss version. it feels really weird but your lips get mad big
drop ebron for pitta? gronk owner so it's just a safety plan.
ok with that
to this day, i will never be able to spell definitely without spell check, despite being able to spell definite correctly.
that's how i remember to spell definitely.
why does trump = cowardice? because he called a bomb, a bomb, and the perps, terrorists?
because his whole campaign is about fear and those who follow him are too cowardly to live on earth apparently
so proud to volunteer with and bella!!
here's a better photo of her
pick your 24.
thats mikko "european vacation" makela....the man who perfected the missed breakaway before grabner
thank you i hope i get a professional title to do that haha
you will . just keep working hard
why does trump = cowardice? because he called a bomb, a bomb, and the perps, terrorists?
doesn't take a lot of balls for a draft dodger to spew horseshit and scare his minions
just testing the video for now
commercial just for the fun of it
tired of the kc offense i have both kelce,maclin.. looking to trade maclin w/ yeldon for nelson &amp; booker i have cj anderson
might be hard to get jordy for that
fox news alert: fbi agents conducting right now in elizabeth, nj building
just an observation but is the writing literally on the wall? halal chicken downstairs indicitive of who's living upstairs.
i'm so tired i split my infinitive.
welcome back, love. happy (second) first day of school!
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
thanks for sharing my story . i hope it helps others overcome their challenges. enjoy the day.
i don't know what that means. are you meditating aloud on the efficacy of debate as education? the nature of outreach?
i'm asking by what standards you have decided you've been effective in your debates. that way i can know whether or not i agree.
skip to 0:28 their name is camila and lauren together their name is camren lol
ooooh! i think ally gives aundrea lol
childress is my first choice to coach the lions next year. he should have coached them this year.
childress is a great coach. kc is lucky to have him on the staff
. what if the moderator is incorrect or is unable to nuance the facts as candy crowley did in 2012?
ya mean with the benghazi nonsense mitt stepped into because rwnjs are insane pushing that crap?
i might as well delete my snapchat
i'll delete it for you.
i'm a rt wing libertarian asshole and has opened my eyes to many topics through his very polite debates
and if anecdotal evidence is enough to convince you i'll be looking forward to your next change of opinion.
commercial just for the fun of it
having trouble with your phone, cant make any calls anymore, introducing the automated k a r r phone controled by
um 90% humidity no thanks
im still tryin to roll out of bed nd this tweet made it much more difficult
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
thanks for the rt mp . i appreciate the share. enjoy the weekend.
explosive device detonates near elizabeth train station (video) |
people if you see something say something. regardless if it's international or domestic terrorism. it's still terrorism
take a tour bus to beyonce's house.
is that a thing?
it's monday make it today beautiful
gm sandy &amp; 2 all.
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
thanks for the rt mp. i hope it helps others. thanks again for sharing. enjoy the day.
device explodes in new jersey, 5 people questioned in new york bombing investigation - nbc news
everyone be on alert.
calling black chicago trump supporters! we need your help to bring others black voters on board the ! message me with info
god bless you for doing this. i know several families trying to leave chicago-and it's a great city. the insanity got to end.
having trouble with your phone, cant make any calls anymore, introducing the automated k a r r phone controled by
this vehicle k a r r, call now at angelus spike automated k a r r phones 1800-995-6613 they will
he wants the candidates to fact check themselves? &amp; if they don't oh well 'that's on them'? smh
what abt us the voters who just got lied to &amp; may not even know it? if journalists &amp; moderators don't keep them honest who will?
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
thanks for the rt shane. i hope you have an awesome day.
yes, i'm going to be 19 in november. yes, i still watch spongebob in my spare time.
yes i will be 49 in feb. yes, i still watch cartoons in my spare time. good thing i put the sponge bob sheets on your bed.
true story: i dreamt that there was a television announcement teaser that &amp; were to announce themselves a couple.
so i turned on the tv and went right back to sleep. did i miss it?
conforto flashes pre-slump form, which should be all the reason collins needs to keep him in rf. if it's his call.
it's his call to play bruce, he likes the veterans
dang, the reddit thread for re:zero actually has more comments than every other thread on reddit front page except 1
i hate trying to participate in 99% of online discourse about anime though because you have to filter thru 50% comments about
obama claims that trump is out to ruin his legacy, no honey, trump is out to . you ruined your own legacy by being a terrible president
isn't that just like progressive dems blaming every body else for the problems they cause? we need strong leadership now!
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
nicole thanks so much for sharing my story. i hope it helps others. have a great week.
fucking joe has katty, not crying mika/nicolle/jansing anymore
america vote liar hillary for obama's legacy of bombings everywhere!
, kt and i observe that the demise of cargo shorts are greatly exaggerated. at least at a hall &amp; oates concert in concord ca.
that sounds like the belly of the beast for cargo shorts!
i hate trying to participate in 99% of online discourse about anime though because you have to filter thru 50% comments about
stupid ass shit about waifus and dumb ass comments about how chara "pulled a insert-chara-name-from-another-show"
remind me to stop procrastinating.
stop procrastinating
this vehicle k a r r, call now at angelus spike automated k a r r phones 1800-995-6613 they will
install it for you at not charge, but if you'r rude and wont allow it, then you will be charged for it, so be nice and let us
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
hey partners. you rock! thanks for rt my victim to victor story. i hope people are inspired to overcome their challenges.
i need y'all to stop doing things like this. had me in my office singing a house is not a home while deleting luther
you deleted luther from this batch? wow ...
yes people go to heritage sites all the time.
heritage sites
i wake up to go to the bathroom and hear the soothing rain what a great day to have off. back to bed
im jealous...i heard the rain and did not wanna get up
labbed and deployed hs2.0
how do you lab the auth part?
bombs have been going off around new york city and new jersey all weekend. when will our government acknowledge the evil of radical islam??
&amp;hillary swearthey'reapeaceloving peoplethatswhythey'vebeenimportingthem&amp;havealreadyplacedanorder4anothermil
i don't wish this journey on anybody smh
yea i know it sucks. im here for you !
install it for you at not charge, but if you'r rude and wont allow it, then you will be charged for it, so be nice and let us
and let us do our jobs!, the k a r r automated phone has the ability to: detect where the phone call is coming, make any
no matter who wins in 2016, james buchanan will still be the worst president ever via
really? fdr's court packing, illness-hiding, washington-tradition-violating presidency not in the running?
yeah :) meet him every once in a while when he visits the same office
aww man, bud does he sniff deeply your musky scent?
do i have any followers on here with a sales background? i have a friend with a company doing creative &amp; meaningful work that could use you.
marcom background financial services &amp; happy 2 chat. how about we round up your followers 4 pic?
there is zero proof of him pledging allegence to any white supremacist group. sandal hussein was infatuated with
kkk membership card noted by fbi.
all 29 people injured last night have been released from the hospital. on behalf of 8.5m nyers we wish them a full recovery.
but wasn't a terrorist act, right? great to have a strong leader like you in charge.
no matter who wins in 2016, james buchanan will still be the worst president ever via
so fdr, who put japanese in concentration camps, isn't the worst president? that seems pretty outrageous.
i think her family killed her tbh
my theory has always been the brother did it, and the mother covered it up to protect him
football stadium construction costs are ridiculously, stupidly expensive
but i guess i have less contempt for ppl who genuinely want to build a beautiful stadium
lucky you, holiday??
yes and performing here with
but i guess i have less contempt for ppl who genuinely want to build a beautiful stadium
and more for the idiots who fund it when they should be using that money for better things
i wish media would stop treating trump on the same level as hrc and present him as fraudulent and dangerous
.... how about cast him as fear-mongering coward? forget dangerous: he's a schoolyard wuss
and let us do our jobs!, the k a r r automated phone has the ability to: detect where the phone call is coming, make any
calls no matter how far away you are, leave messages and warn abusers if your being harrassed, take more than one phone call
yeah tell me about it
you take this bus to school. i walk for 35 minutes
yeah tell me about it
you take the bus to school. i walk for 35 minutes
5 more bombs found in n.j. it's 6am i bet crooked hillary's medical team is warming up the defibulators
thanks got monday morning laugh!!
ya gotta win sir. this country is being run by incompetent people. we cannot take much more!
mr.trump;thiscntryisinbadshape&amp;gettingworse.wepatrioticamericansrcountingonu2 win
found my old yugioh cards i actually used to put prices on them lmao
lemme get that blue eyes shining
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
happy drop dead day
was the joke funny? please tell us the joke. we like to laugh!
yes, i tried to find out and then just decided to stay away from doomed countries altogether. hopefully hours will resist
kasich camp bashes priebus, warns of national gop 'wipeout' via for ios
theirs going to be a wipeout alright!
after their social management raffe? actually i strongly recommend him
teehee :) seeing as the samsung job i was up for was running their customer service...i'm glad i didn't get it now :p
i walk to bus to bus and have no umbrella
well why don't you have an umbrella?
keep the dream alive, but don't hit the snooze button! good morning and happy monday! ^ds
is this the week of shipping metal reserve cards? getting a little silly at this point as to how long it's taking.
lmaooooo what made you take it back tho
i really thought about and game really did cop the pled on all his beefs especially lil durk
calls no matter how far away you are, leave messages and warn abusers if your being harrassed, take more than one phone call
plays any 80's and 90's music after leaving messages, talks to you on the phone but gives you the cold sholder if your a
rehearsal for laramie project will be tomorrow in 381 at 2:30. speaking roles only please :)
- remember that there's a mandatory parent meeting tonight at 7 pm in room 381 for all cast members parents.
we're not serving lunch from monday through friday. we're available for catering with 48 hours advanced noticed
this is me this week:
happy birthday!!! hope nyc is treating you well!!! please have one meal at miss lilly's jerk shack at some point
thanks mpumi! will try to find it.
exclusive: hillary clinton campaign systematically overcharging poorest donors |
when will and ask ms. clinton about the overcharging of her donors?
obama: 'very hard to find an area where we're not better off than we were before'
the national debt and those killed by reckless drone strikes would disagree
somebody called the police on me for having my tv loud
ugh don't they understand football season shesh lol
i am truly disappointed in american voters. after all of the blatant lies and scandals some will still vote for her.
the masses are asses
sunset with bae tag your bae
tag ur bae not retweet. tag him or her
looking for more peace, productivity and freedom at work and life? check out my latest post. i give a shout-out to...
sylvie, thanks for rt my latest post on productivity tip
3. moderator is a journalist, not a game show host. can't sit their and let trump and clinton lie without challenge
ron, try not to be an asshole, hillary clinton won't lie. that will actually happen, journalist.
plays any 80's and 90's music after leaving messages, talks to you on the phone but gives you the cold sholder if your a
debt collector asking for payment of money owned, payment reminders of your credit cards.
sheik is hella thick thought
thick sheik
good morning! y'all ready to do this monday thang?
good morning! have a great day!
we're working through orders as quickly as possible, you'll receive an email as soon as it ships :)
can you please give me an updated day of shipping? i don't want to keep the new decide unprotected. nice to know when it'll ship.
welcomed 275 syrian refugees in 2016.
but that's not the problem! right?
yup. because it's waiting to see if you do a double press for multitasking. pretty sure the 6s did that as well
that's got to be changed.
praying for everyone in . these 's are so scary. stay safe as can be. especially my sis and family.
girl, i avoided the news media all weekend in order to avoid the city's panic. please don't stop . we're safe.
debt collector asking for payment of money owned, payment reminders of your credit cards.
calls us and will be happy to assist you 24 hours a day
me laughing at the hive right now trying to drag people
nicki can win neither a grammy nor an emmy
woah. andrew sullivan *goes there* (h/t )
i'd rather be "removed" as he states vs. facing the daily struggle to survive as those who lived 100+ yrs ago
yes, i tried to find out and then just decided to stay away from doomed countries altogether. hopefully hours will resist
apparently autocorrect needs more coffee this morning. lulz
can someone please cut that little piece of hair from the back of her neck
no its a charm point
30% of millennials see no difference between clinton/trump on climate. 28% see no difference on college debt:
isn't the 30% the classic proportion of the republican/conservative tribe?
i have to study for my midterm but all i've studied is inami anju
thats gay iris
haha: doesn't get sarcasm so calls him out as "no longer able to observe the point"
also, this comes of looking really bad for 's editors / fact checkers.
if true that homeless guys found the bombs in elizabeth, we really need to go and help these men get back on feet. they did save lives.
but otherwise we should leave the homeless on the street? should help ppl irrespective if they saved lives or not.
wish we got to spend more time together, but i really enjoyed the time we did chat. :-)
haha i think we are on the same wavelength! :) well, we'll just have to reconvene!
calls us and will be happy to assist you 24 hours a day
we take no responsibility for: the automated k a r r gets angry if you being a dutch bag on the phone
gas shortage in north carolina is no joke, had to go to two gas stations to find somebody who wasn't out of everything
hi! i'm a reporter looking to talk to people who are experiencing the gas shortage -- can we talk? 212-275-8239.
why are the grad students next to us throwing a rager at 2am on a sunday?????
bc the best way to ta a class is to be hungover
still puzzled obama won two terms. racism is entwined in us body politic like the alien in john hurt's stomach.
it did happen. radical social change is normal for our time. change for better or worse is possible. status quo isn't.
hope ur happy w the trump potus it will be the last real election, in ur pathetic little zealot life
take it easy chicken little the sky isn't falling.
they love the word "treason"
treason 2.0 = something i don't like
have they had a relationship? i keep seeing ppl mention it.
it's been rumored &amp; even perpetrated by trump. it made me laugh that i would dream that.
yes i regularly sign birthday cards with just my email address and zip code
this is how i'm going to start signing birthday and christmas cards
see that is sending people to to see her. that's so sweet of her! if she only saw me...
and me too, that is very sweet of her to do that for her fans! i've never been to any of her concerts, it would
imagine having this brainless bigot as vice president?
can't ever imagine. more reasons 2 educate &amp; empower grassroots 2 get out 2 vote 4 2 b our next potus!
see that is sending people to to see her. that's so sweet of her! if she only saw me...
be a blessing to get to go to one of her concerts, and to feel blessed to get noticed by her existence.
- and we wonder why so many bombs are being found in us?
transparentgovtwehaveever hadasfarasiknowwhatrobama&amp;hillaryhiding?
probe into weekend blasts leads to signs of terror cell -- reports
cnn edits the news in favor of clinton this ihow most vicious regimes like nazis start
shell at mansell and old alabama connector has for $2.99.... lol "supply and demand"...
hi! i'm a reporter looking to talk to people who are experiencing the gas shortage -- can we talk? 212-275-8239.
i literally have this dark burgundy early in the am .
blend it in with some lipstick
i can't believe slfl is almost over tweet me what show you went to i wanna know -b
slflsyracuse
come on "professor" harold - what is this?
a picture tells a million words have a good day eddie!
we take no responsibility for: the automated k a r r gets angry if you being a dutch bag on the phone
and decides to attack you harrasing you making calls using verbal abusive language, cuts you off
it's a close election and we need every vote to stop donald trump. take a minute to register to vote right now!
what is your position or perspective on 529 college savings plans?
this is getting more scary by the day. is media woke, yet?!
life is scary, get used to it
fantasising about your hands ripping to shreds this ebony nylon and midnight lace.
i'll get you another pair, sexy.
really just paid $3.19 a gallon for gas. lord the pain is real right now
hi! i'm a reporter looking to talk to people who are experiencing the gas shortage -- can we talk? 212-275-8239.
see that is sending people to to see her. that's so sweet of her! if she only saw me...
i've tried entering in, but no luck! maybe i'm not meant to go. i don't know. :(
holy shit quit tweeting about me!
jokes cause they aren't even about you, settle lol
do you think the mets will win tonight's game?
will there be a game?
the honestly had the chance to win the series, but they struggled to protect the lead and close out games when necessary.
hanley killed us the whole series
congrats to all the winners tonight! but mostly congrats to babies. just for being awesome.
ha, love the bumbo...
afd's answer in presser to why the party focuses on voters' security fears : "perceived reality is reality"
playing the pussy card
and decides to attack you harrasing you making calls using verbal abusive language, cuts you off
for being too long on the other line talking, and takes over and spents more time than you did
finally a zgreat profile pic
man im so photogenic model hates me
mom's card.
lovely card. happy birthday nile,hope your day is amazing in every way :)
making a big deal over tax returns? how about you go to an approved physician &amp; release your medical records?
.whatrtheyhidingbesideshillarysillness.
the bar should be high, &amp; it should be the same for both candidates. no double standards, and no grading on a curve.
media gives him grades on a curve, gives him passes, and allows him to say what he wants. i hope moderators won't
see that is sending people to to see her. that's so sweet of her! if she only saw me...
she never noticed me, or my existence, maybe i should stop trying, i'll never get to feel what others felt.
thank you jeanne:))
good day all
see that is sending people to to see her. that's so sweet of her! if she only saw me...
well she did noticed me and my existence only at that one point in my life, when it was during mothers day and i
foxxy and i went to dairy queen
what did foxxy have?
for being too long on the other line talking, and takes over and spents more time than you did
hanging up on your friends cause he dislikes them, gets ticked off and tells you to leave him alone
that good friend, i congratulate you
nice gif good day all
icymi: rochester city council to vote on inner loop proposal tuesday
i want a giant swimming pool and tiki bar. in the winter? ice bar and skating. but that's just me
see that is sending people to to see her. that's so sweet of her! if she only saw me...
asked her for a follow and she saw me and followed me, i only wished that day will come back again soon. ;(
. one of the best shows i've ever seen. can't wait to see it open in london next year
but will the audience boo or applaud the various anti-british sentiments?
reality check: chris christie's whoppers on the birther issue
when that gov needed that "muslim &amp; african" president's help after sandy, african obama was "president obama."
and how is trump scaring people? seems like those calling him are the scaremongers.
"how is trump scaring people?" come on
all eyes on the live stream! a prize duck is on the way. anytime, now.
i spotted a blue duck.
remember when we all bounced around unbelted in the back of wood-paneled station wagons with our sunburns and candy cigarettes?
yours had wood paneling? ooh, la di da. ours had holes in the floorboards like the flintstones' car.
i drive to the gym and shit. 3 blocks from my destination and it just starts pouring &amp; i'm sitting in the car like
working out this earlyyyyyy? look at you. what time did you go to sleep? 8:30?
reality check: chris christie's whoppers on the birther issue
go hold donnie's coat.
hanging up on your friends cause he dislikes them, gets ticked off and tells you to leave him alone
you keep calling and leaves a message of a warning attack against you. so what are you waiting for
i'm sure some guessed early that on central park, ev explosions were terrorism. i remember some thought 2003 blackout was a terror attack.
point is, even if this is true, those who rushed in opening minutes to say "bomb" and "terrorism" were reckless.
back roll shawty
what a good morning
our reporters are in nj - where active search is underway - and hq - where people being questioned
why do they want ppl cooperate when they become the target if they do?
ice cream is the world's most perfect food. i will eat it wherever and whenever i find it. any questions?
ok i'll make u a batch adina
it's ironic most of us in nyc can't afford fusion-it's not part of basic fios.
it will also be live-streamed on youtube.
point is, even if this is true, those who rushed in opening minutes to say "bomb" and "terrorism" were reckless.
important to remember as the "i was right!" brigade comes out.
you keep calling and leaves a message of a warning attack against you. so what are you waiting for
calls now! and get your automated k a r r phone today.
mwen te gon ti foto avek me. cean wi. map lagel pou tbt.
wap tou afiche w
bc people should know her name too!
i guess? seemed like he was trying to prove a point. but maybe i was just cranky.
i'm on this dumb bus
tell them to driver quicker
i've officially been awake for 27 hours
i call that a thursday
take care and stay safe
thanks steph
no haha xd she's super pretty tho!! i wish
"she's super pretty" and here i am thinking that was you, that should mean something. you're welcome.
wells fargo now under investigation by us house of representatives too
.thisisthemostcorruptadministrationthiscntryhaseverseen.
same reason society enables abusers. the "system"protects them well leaving them-ruining new relationships-marriages
because it's a sexist society. no one believes women.
and how is trump scaring people? seems like those calling him are the scaremongers.
and hitler was a pussy who scared a nation into following him. fearmongering works.
gooood morning! it's 7:30 in new york city :) we arrived at 5 am eu time yesterday &amp; decided to go in a super loud american football tavern
on a whim because is a crazy person and that's why i love him. well, most hallucinative experience of my life!
tell them to driver quicker
no ! this is a nice driver for once
staying in the brahms room at the music-themed . love this fantastic hotel!
by the way, for you readers, that room accommodates a child on the sofabed. definitely family friendly!
holy sheit im both high and tired and sleepy
wow my feet cramp wtfhshdbxbs
on a whim because is a crazy person and that's why i love him. well, most hallucinative experience of my life!
between the red neons, the super loud atmosphere and the moist smell, it felt unreal!
it's what you'd expect from the worst potus ever.
i was watching the news this morning and realized no obama
barely been doing, writing, snapping or saying anything crazy. wtf is up w me lately
maybe you've been busy being happy
update: this was from my mom
excuse me i wrote it
this is my life
work and school? or other shit?
he's the worst ~ dropped below carter
(obama)asheisnolongertheworstpresidentoftheu.s.
washington post makes history: first paper to call for prosecution of its own source (after accepting pulitzer)
wapo is still operating on its watergate success nixon shed 18 minutes of tape, clinton, 30,000 emails. wapo is a failed entity
thank you! i hope you're not disappointed!
love it. i grew up outside of detroit and my daughter has a rare chromosome disorder that prevented her from speaking for years
between the red neons, the super loud atmosphere and the moist smell, it felt unreal!
takeaways so far: - people in the street are scary for a european not used to not giving a fuck about others eccentricities
my day is gonna be officially fucked i got sucked into listening to drake
listening to yourself is not that bad though
did this show up in your notifications?
yes i got it brother
takeaways so far: - people in the street are scary for a european not used to not giving a fuck about others eccentricities
- food is incredibly fucking terribly pricey compared to berlin, the shock when they ask you 30 euros for a side of veggies &amp; a mojito!
okay maybe he's a little cute
wait omg omg are we still going to see baby puppies tmrw?!?!:)
50 is a goat, still the only gangster in the game
if he was on top shit would be different
awesome johnty
morning jeanne good win yesterday hi all
sure. when would you like to.l talk. just got to my office.
whenever is convenient for you.
everything ok up there in nyc? been hearing about the bombings in ny/nj. be careful out there. :)
thank you. i'm covering this as we speak.
thanks hope ur good u still looking for a baby mama lol?
oh most definitely!!!!
listen to snakes of christ by danzig
awesome bro
99% independent yourfamily?
administrationtoliftthe publicup frominsaneprices
- food is incredibly fucking terribly pricey compared to berlin, the shock when they ask you 30 euros for a side of veggies &amp; a mojito!
- veggies are better when sauted in butter. wayyyyy better.
keyboard app? looks great!
new imessage sticker pack.
yes. you sent me pics. so, you finally wore it out? sweet! ;-)
hehe of course you know that dress i forget who is who here on twitter sometimes
taking a break from social media for a short while. love you all xx
hi matt! hope to see you in canada! to you &amp; sam from ny
siri still can't ping the phone in watchos 3? weak.
what do you mean by ping the phone?
wow , when it comes to customer service and food options, y'all scrape the bottom of the barrel.
not sure if this bagel sandwich i'm trying to eat is even real.
the face of someone whose going offline for a few days. super tired, busy and twitter keeps distracting me.
i know where to find you
hey guys!! phone is still broken but i can just about see the screen wanted to wish you all a happy - photo coming soon
hi michael! sending from ny
is it politically correct to say this was a bomb, or will cnn chastise me?
! another "device" overnight. may be with the intent to do another "violent act", "criminal act" or "intentional act".
work and school , and babysitting
the grind lol
- veggies are better when sauted in butter. wayyyyy better.
- every single restaurant in harlem is a "french restaurant' or bears a french name. go figure! :)
she's not the bomber.
maybe there's more than one, actually, if this car full of people plans out.
. going live in 90 seconds on cnn with new details in chelsea bombing investigation.
yes , he can tell everyone that it's not terrorism.
i don't care what sleeves did last night, it was a dead end playing here!!!!!
1000% correct.
why? what's the commercial or brand rationale please? so they can licence more plush toys? must be more than that?
cos piglet's just been lifted by operation yewtree and has had to be hurriedly written out...
i had that last year that shit the worst .
shit is annoying
clinton foundation pays out less than 10% to charities. would you give these people a dime. the saudis do. you know why
prove it!!!
nothing like working outside in this weather...we're soaked!
i can give you the bright side. we need the rain. also it will help us allergy sufferers
happy belated birthday craig xxx
thank you
trump needs to take responsibility for birtherism and he needs to apologize to barak obama
so do bill &amp; hillary clinton who first brought it up against obama in '08~~~
eric schneiderman and his playmates
to me, nys &amp; nyc feel leaderless. i thinks it's the demeanor of the mayor &amp; gov. thank goodness for the permanent government.
19/male/cali likes japanese cars and yuri. will go down if you ask nicely.
only if you ask nicely
jeffrey tambor won an emmy for playing a transgender woman, but even he thinks that's problematic
he probably felt he had to say this since he's appropriating blah blah blah...complete nonsense
can trump say it was a bomb going off in nj or should we wait for hillary to finally wake up and tell us to wait for the facts.
!another "device" overnight. may be with the intent to do another "violent act", "criminal act" or "intentional act".
and i was trying to get a 2nd job... definitely had to reconsider lol
had 3 jobs once. all the regrets. now i just spend 70+ hours a week at one
hey just stopping by your page to show you some love ... hhahhahahh
hey man much appreciated. sending some love your way as well
- every single restaurant in harlem is a "french restaurant' or bears a french name. go figure! :)
- this city smells weird. or it's me after 15hours of travel. will confirm today after a showr.
often, it is short though.
hey, you're talking about the generation that got rid of the cork!
dems need 93% of the african american vote to win. thats why hillary clinton &amp; media smear trump as racist.
its a waste of their time.trump has had a relationship with blacks 4 decades. no one has ever called him a racist.
i don't remember michelle had a final 2 with nicole
she never had a final 2 with nicole but they were in an alliance together (fatal 5)
terrence howard's wife says he brings his "a--hole" character home:
yp playa - leave the [ a-hole ] .@ work! . b 2 your queen - ya heard! t .....
tell trump to hire someone to update his website then. (and actually pay them!)
he doesn't need to update shit, that is the official release from that date, pussy.
mika you need to look to for the "otherism" movement in the republican party he suggested it mccain rejected it in 08
she won't, joe is there.
i work 10-6 too i'm not seeing my bed no time soon lol
i have and 8-2 then school till 6
- this city smells weird. or it's me after 15hours of travel. will confirm today after a showr.
- there is free wifi everywheeeeere! everywheeeeere! weeeew!
so sad to hear how bad emv implementations are in the us. here in the uk it works really well.
absolutely. here it was designed by a committee with competing interests
hopefully the momentum continues!
i'd expect more plays for brisset to throw. more use of bennett and develin and blount a lot.
.: "hillary is so desperate for the black vote that she insists on creating race issues."
,obama&amp; thedncwillfabricateanythingthatwillbringthemavote.u thinktheycareaboutu u best c a shrink
excuse me, pipe bombs of peace, thank you very much.
like native american peace pipes.. now i get it, see, we got it wrong all along...
target shouldn't make up 78% of my happiness but it does.
have you been to tj max and somehow everything you see gives you that.."oh i sooo need that for so and so..."
what happens when you mix hot &amp; cold water in a container of room temp. water?
come on man. that's as bad as a doctor oz demo. visually effective and then just lame
schools in florida are forcing students to stand during the national athem
what do you do with people of conscience who won't stand because of religious reasons as national anthem is of this world
all politics is geopolitical in this year's presidential race via | getty
wow what absolute nonsense. it's the exact opposite. trump is winning because he ignores geopolitics, thinks of usa.
what about 7 months from now? he has a pattern of policy shifts.
he hasn't shifted on anything, his immigration temp ban was simply refined. it's still there.
was it up long enough for solange to catch
i need her to see that
will be on at 7:02 a.m. enjoy.
nice interview and it is a sad state of affairs that the other politicians &amp; media refuse 2 speak the truth
the news refuses to acknowledge
. well the press has a job to do when it comes to making sure there information is correct, i on the other hand am the public
thrilled to be partnering with one of my favorite brands in the world, , and also one of...
so happy for you bb, well deserved!!
priebus: rnc could block kasich and bush from running again if they don't back trump
the face of fascism~
surfer dude. did i not know u from my previous account?
maybe? how long ago?
how i feel rn with all these cramps .
don't jinx me.
as i was sitting on the bus today, i thought to myself, "i could be single and have a cat and would probably be just as fulfilled"...
this is the most ellis thing ever
having another great 7 hours of *sleep* *insomnia*
, i got a good 3 hours. then at 3:38 am, my cats decided the universe was ending, &amp; i should get up for it. h/t:
unfit to serve as commander of our forces, heavily sedated comments on bombings.
besides "her" journalists who is on that plane it looks empty?
breaking: 28 year old ahmad khan rahami being sought in connection with the nyc bombing, according to the nypd
i wouldlike to takea momentto thankall ofthepd, fd,volunteers,fromnyc&amp;military,forkeepingtheeveryday people like us safe
fantastic! and with bobby pins in his hair!
wow, how deep and thoughtful, this is surely disqualifying, lmao, pussy.
in which iran's fm acts like iran does not sponsor militant groups or have sectarian projects in the middle east.
saudi fm responds to zarif's recent op-ed in the with one of his own in the .
i had to conquer myself by destroying everything that didn't serve me. i can now erect something new &amp; powerful within.
i'm still working on this
if i have a 'theory of the case' about press coverage of trump it is this one.
people seem to be under the impression the press has the power to subpoena trump's tax returns.
his big sarcastic mouth instigated the issues between the cousins. watch the footage.
i don't understand why wakile don't take responsibility for their nasty words
bomb in ny is in the town over from me yikes
there was another one?
suspect arrested in new york bombing. ahmad khan. boy, that last name is a surprise, huh? not. wake up.
don't think they've caught him yet
i would if i didn't have to work
yea i get it
by definition placing ied on a public st is terrorism big question nature - i.e. int'l link
no one confirmed it was an ied until noon yesterday.
i thought they had shut most of wifi spots down because of people using it for watching porn
you can't really i think, they all have barely enough data speed to check google maps and send texts :)
ouch! was supposed to attend the emmy's last night, but didn't show. why? the diva was under the weather. get well soon
that wasn't her next to jayz? go to the videotape.
cats love two things. playing in empty boxes and chewing on plants. they're like kids, but way less expensive.
i have her cousin. her name is kerry, named after john. talks too much. at 4 am, if hungry, she'll bat me on the eye. luv her.
"two men found the package in a waste basket and alerted police when they saw wires and a pipe, the mayor said."
they have identified the bad guy.
blount's production, much like most rbs, depends heavily on o-line. when there's a hole, he has a big play.
did develin see more snaps in the 2nd half? i seemed 2 see him more &amp; holes opened up. he's a big factor up the middle.
my my, wash your mouth out trumpster!
someone defiled their body, yaaay, let them explain it to their grandkids when theyre old, trump has been stumped, haha
va spends billions annually without proper oversight
.millionsthatshouldbgoing2vets justdisappears (checkclintonfndt.)
don't compare trump to hitler you will just gin up his hillbilly redneck racist gun toting know-nothing base.
as they are know nothing pea brains why are we allowing them to drive the conversation.
all i want in life is to be picked as one of the "real people" used in those nonsense chevy ads. i won't make final cut, but it seems fun.
stumbles in frame drunkenly "wait. are you saying this isn't a rolls royce phantom? this is a goddamn rolls royce phantom!"
what e you scared of? what are you hiding? release your tax returns.
dirty donald show us your taxes
yes why don't you go ahead and run in puerto rico. i'm sure you'd get some support...
that would be great!
yep that's pretty much my mood too
all those people going someplace they dont want to.
if i were a young person from a unionist family in ni, i might well prefer ireland &amp; the eu to brexit britain.
and if i were a young person from a unionist family in ni, i'd prefer brexit.
okay last 1 - stand on one foot and hold your other foot in your hand while you bend your leg back. switch.
oh my gosh, bless you. i'm doing these right now.
if you like trump as a disruptor of the status quo, so did until he spent time talking with him
so did a lot of us until he opened his mouth.
to media: "ed murrow took down a goddamn senator, now grow a spine !"
murrow lived in a 3-channel universe. his targets could not run to the safe space of fox and brietbart.
rise on a hot late-september morning and prepare to wage ware against big pumpkin spice and all its autumn fakery and grind.
i had a psl the other day
from how anemic the offense was last week i feel forced to agree but theres just something about them and the nfc west
i stand corrected. that banged-up offense is looking pitiful
wow it really works.... the book is easy to read i've almost finished. what else are you working on currently?
yes, it does! :-) working on training &amp; adapting circle guides for orgs, communities &amp; more.
the important thing is to get this individual quickly and to continue to be strong and vigilant.
not a terrorist, right bill?
it's up to the candidates to rebut, and if they're not prepared or they don't do it, that's their fault.
bull. you just don't want your pathetically unprepared &amp; ignorant candidate called out on his lies. shame on you ari
penn state police are not real police haha. anything operated by the university would sweep it under the rug.
i will always have a hard time believing joe/psu officials knew and just moved on. mcqueary should of called the police in 2001.
she says once she gets a job she's gonna learn how to beat her face for real
lmfaoo my baby
sausage link wrapped in pepper jack cheese
was thinking about how walgreens sells those yesterday
the most underappreciated knick ever.
patrick ewing
the important thing is to get this individual quickly and to continue to be strong and vigilant.
not terrorism tho, right?
michele monroe pictures in with the flow
lovely and sexy as hell!
not sure she had to exploit a pow to make what trump said bad. what he said was horrible, we all heard it.
did it ever occur to you the man wanted to get this out there?!
my current laptop is 17" - was the only decent machine for after effects a while back, takes up half my carry on bag though
i feel like it's the video editors laptop exclusively
wish i could find more as i am allergic to sulfites. any suggestions???
couple of ideas. decant. older wine. tequila. mezcal.
ty:)gr8 tune!
nice ay nice
yesterday's anger is today's disappointment. hoped the would prove they at least belonged on the same field as . nope!
still hitting the red win
update: fbi issues poster for ahmad rahami, sought in connection with nyc bombing:
and we're still not calling this ? people aren't that stupid.
like what am i actually celebrating today? having a 3 behind the 2 now
today i'm celebrating 23 years of life and simultaneously passing that self-imposed one year mark for living in your parents' house. cheers
how about "freedom of expression magazines" that talk about guns, ? where's your 1st amendment line?
he is a coward too weak to live in a free society
so, i wrote a thing...
i thought your partner wrote that.
. his grandkids will call him a hero and bring him to show and tell as a 2016 fascist fighter.
yeah, he fought the good fight, lmao.
ok it's official, i'm done even attempting to like this chick one single iota
somebody get up in her face and tell her she ain't shit when she gets out
my note 7 hasn't exploded yet. i sort of feel left out.
don't even wanna know what this means. i got back up. can't be serious, i'm still walkin' around silicon valley, yappin' away.
surfer dude. did i not know u from my previous account?
i think we have some catching up to do. where ya been?
saudi fm responds to zarif's recent op-ed in the with one of his own in the .
so iran wants to rid the world of "wahhabism" and saudi arabia wants to rid the world of "khomeinism." this bodes well for the middle east.
honestly i think "they" abuse women for pleasure and it's not a matter of believing them. nobody really cares
i agree strong women threaten men's ego. they want women to pay their own way and want to control you too
i really need to by blunts cuz they are $1 in the hood and $3 in the city by my job, but i got no cash and here are no chases in the hood
what's worse, overpriced blunts or atm fees?
bill clinton on foundation controversy: 'i trusted the state department' | ap photo
typical pass the buck, such a low life
if there's no usage the mayor will remove them? what kind of sh** is,that? as,taxpayers,we are entitled to our parking spaces!
pay for a parking spot if you want. you don't own the street. they are for everyone.
because what she won't do is disrespect my queen. meanwhile i here trying to figure out who she is....
exactly.why is she even there?
happy birthday pal hope you're living the dream in the city miss you!!
thanks ellie :)
might be the only song that i like jay z in?
i mean n***** in paris too but w/e
trump: where's the yellow brick road? dr. oz: no it's not- trump: and all the little people? dr. oz: seriously it- trump: and the witch?
this is a ridiculous impression of trump. trump would never use the phrase "little people".
nfl continues to allow disrespect of law enforcement/ military 24hrs after america came under attack.
national anthem, concussions, domestic violence, commissioner should crack down
is currently experiencing departure delays between 16 mins and 30 mins due to tm initiatives:swap:wx
is currently experiencing departure delays between 31 mins and 45 mins due to tm initiatives:swap:wx
colorado supports narcissists they give them the front companies are the inside job
what does global front companies? anything with money they use us at whatever capacity for info or $$
if hrc loses this she will blame minority turnout, white working class, berners, millenials, soviet russia: anyone and everyone but herself.
i think this mostly applies to hrc's fan club.
thank you :) hope you are both well.
thanks for asking dora ,we are doing well. we are on the countdown to our il divo shows in early october! getting excited!
earl sweatshirt hiroshima'd this song with kendrick ab soul and danny brown. kendrick broke out a cool flow but my god. sly dropped a bomb.
lol kendrick flowed crazy on this joint
lol i don't think it's a mystery to some
man dammit is it who i think it is? lol
have you seen the "sit with us" app? npr did a feature on it this week. created by a 16 yr old young lady in california.
yes, we love it! so amazing!
disrespect! eagles plan protest on monday night football; coach ok with it
this nation is unjust? try another one.
. nope. it means he needed to hold down his fake hair weave he constantly lies about. hair loss from chemo maybe?
oh wow, great theory, stumped.
i still blame him for 9/11. i just feel like he knew way too much to soon..
he actually didn't know, he was lied to by his own staff.. it's long story.. but he was the leader, he takes the heat anyway
many of the great people in history have stories loaded with strife and chaos. not grace and perfection. they overcame hardship to be great!
, this morning i'm feeling rather like a surly shit bagel myself, actually. h/t:
the card just had to make an appearance at a certain stadium in lisbon today...
wow brilliant liam first one from the spiritual home!
twitter has removed this video four times!! watch before its taken down again!
hillary super racist
bears on mnf means it's a monday . i say bears 24, eagles 20. what's your prediction?
bears win 27-13
imma find this dude ahmad
plant a clock in his house
): i was shook bc i knew the street but i was like damn that's actually closet then i thought
it's fucking terrifying honestly
if you are a good mobile designer and would like a job opportunity, send your portfolios over to walid.mujahid.dev.com
is remote an option?
first rehearsal with opm orchestra in morocco!
so exciting! best of luck on the show in morocco!
update: source: cell phone left behind with pressure cooker helped police identify rahami:
i wouldlike to take a moment to thank all ofthe pd, fd,volunteers,fromnyc&amp;military,forkeeping theevery day peoplelike ussafe
so ready for tonight's summer finale of monday's just won't be the same..
so very cool!
absolutely! anne of the thousand days, you can also see some of the locations used here:
thanks for that info that will be a pleasure to review!
.: "we have more security forces than we've ever had...don't let the terrorists win."
appreciate the governor's direct and honest answers - much better than the mayor's political dodging.
to media: "ed murrow took down a goddamn senator, now grow a spine !"
great newsman but murrow and cronkite benefited greatly from being a near monopoly as well.
i think i could cope with that yes. and put a little bell on them so i hear them coming.
"ask not for whom the bell tolls for it tolls.." eeeeek!!!! its a spider!! kill it ! kill it!..
alright.. any recommendations regarding a mobile designer (looking for a pet project of mine, paid, of course)?
yes, we can certainly help you in designing your dream app. our pf email to leads.com
just finished narcos. now what? :/
watch shameless....the amount of times you're going to be like "what the fuxking fuck" is crazy.
exactly they are weak. i had everything&amp;my husband had nothing and now he's taken over everything&amp;sabotaged me.
that's a new word for them, that and irrelevant. both once learned they run with it.
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
bullshi bet you have hundred of friends injured there too!
who even are you guys?
my parents had a pumpkin wedding cake. it's in my blood.
here's to hoping this week will be a little better than the last.
well i thought you'd be beating this week in and then i looked again, my mistake...
gorgeous! please let me know the minimum age of infants in michelin restaurants... i feel like 7 weeks is getting close??
it really all depends on the baby and the restaurant. i'd say no minimum. you just need to feel out the situation beforehand
love landing somewhere, &amp; receiving a "you can check in now that your flight is under 24 hours" email to depart new city.
just checked into my 6am flight tomorrow ( to ) during taxi ride into .
nick isn't here again and i'm idek
bitch i cant help it i'm dyin
who even are you guys?
they also got divorced when i was 10, but you can't prove those things are directly linked
it's fucking pouring. not only is it pouring, it's pouring on a monday. y'all must be so distraught
not pouring in queens
that was a bad call on pryor,
complete garbage call. of course, the browns shouldn't have blown a 20 point lead. but they are the browns...
white on white crime continues to plague america.
humor needs a little work shaun but it's nice to see you trying.
clinton is now up only by 0.7% nationwide. democratic party establishment - this is the candidate you geniuses thought was more electable.
they didn't think she was more "electable" cenk-they knew she was controllable and wouldn't challenge status quo.
our prayers are w/ the victims involved in the horrific attacks that took place this wkend- we must come together to put an end to this evil
you don't pray, you just collect and steal money
the quick work ferreting out of this guy speaks to strength of counter-terrorism efforts. imagine if bloated don...
i said yesterday, just watch how fast they find people. it amazes me how they put these investigations together
does it ever surprise you that out of all the existing emoji, there is no generic ringed planet?
naturally i would love to have emoji of each of our solar system's planets, but i know that's asking a lot.
they can ask him repeatedly and not give him softball time. it's not rocket science.
and ignore story of the day? yes they could. how much news is there in retuning the same excuse he's already given?
she's such an angel and i don't think she's realized that
i wish people think of me like this. lmao
ahmad khan rahami, 28, sought in connection with
. poster for ahmad khan rahami, 28, sought in connection with
"i don't know, to tell you the truth. we haven't done that analysis." that's in a nutshell.
. you'll do &amp; say anything to get attention. offered a "blueprint" &amp; far more than .
think these mass produced jobs always are. even one of my faves has become dull post-expansion
just woke up. no, they're shit in ny as well. and their chips are a travesty.
when are the gop leaders going to say something about this constant incitement to violence against hillary clinton?
it's called stochastic terrorism; like isis, uses this tactic.
thinking about a follow spree soon... probably going to follow whever i see in my notifications the most hmm
yay still waiting for a follow
. huge assumptions. molecules did not bring about human thinking powers
"huge assumptions"? claiming "god did it" with zero evidence is the winner.
omg! why can't i find that video of rami saying he's white?!
wait, what?!
ny, nj bombings: predicts investigation will "zero in on a particular individual today"
even more disliked than hillary is c. quinn her tone is even more condescending
there are patches of this all over the transit hub, including in the big hall. to be expected on a shoestring budget.
"shoestring."
soros needs to be rounded up and sent to russia
russia smart enuf 2put a stop2 his influence in their country.they haven't forgotten his nazism
saw this on tv a while ago like 2x n never since sane with the canelo under armour lol victor ortiz may be on tv more lol
you would think they'd at least have him in a montage or in a print add.
. too much vicodin led to rush limbaugh's hearing loss. trump should moderate.
you're not even good at trolling. so uninspiring.
i know just reminding you that good republic keep their word. that's what is wrong with politicians
it's more than that. regardless of his word, he should respect the judgment of gop voters. disgrace he can't.
they can ask him repeatedly and not give him softball time. it's not rocket science.
trump voters know he won't show his taxes &amp; they do not care. ask them. i fail to see how this is a media failure.
nasa spacecraft captures black holes eating stars - thought you'd enjoy ;-)
nothing cooler than black holes
more shenanigans in
...from anastasia ---to ogrady...?catholic schooliing i guess
i'm so sleepy and i have 2 tests back to back
what class
cut it out with these animal videos
they so cute
"the press is angry" really? gotta wonder why! it's not like the press hasn't given billion$ n free media!
it's time they asked surrogates about their personal support for his racism, tu, bondi, etc
next time i see you we'll discuss :) thanks
no prob :) any time, it's what i do
this little tiny ass girl has nothing but water in her bottle lmaoooo
oh what you doing?
2k rts and we bring online
hey script kiddies... could you not
mon 9/19 5am normal path service resumes at all stations except 23rd st. all trains will bypass 23rd st. until further notice.
would be nice if you had sent an text.alert. re-boarding the subway now.
i'm done rolling my eyes at misogyny: the mistrust in hillary clinton is plain sexism | miami herald |
absolutely especially when you research trump's past he's far worst!
revolutions: the very best of steve winwood by steve winwood
you will like this one miss summer
suck my monkey cock
dude it doesn't even matter i'm going to win the league anyway lol
shah rukh khan with fans in amsterdam
love the look of the child
suck my monkey cock
just give me the money now
i did not know that existed
it was amazing! check it out next time you are in nyc!
i agree strong women threaten men's ego. they want women to pay their own way and want to control you too
remember you are not allowed to talk! if u tell us what the secret is i will be happy to oblige.
why do boys like such shit music ?
the smiths are listening to a bitter fag moan about things because he thinks it's funny
amber alert at 8 am worst then my alarm
not an amber alert it was someone being wanted . even worse tbh
lt. gen. michael flynn on defeating terrorists: "we're not winning."
neither are they
never gotten one of these before
i get them for amber alerts
robot detonates new jersey device in latest bomb discovery:
...show us the robot guys...
trump: i'll have a set of things i'll be doing if lester holt is unfair
i don't think is afraid of trump. trump is trying to manipulate because he is afraid.
whoa this alert
yup, that's why i logged into twitter
paulson's obviously great, but i hope that dunst one day gets credit for being so incredible without delivering acting.
the whole fargo season 2 was all about not acting - but just telling a story, with such tremendous precision and beauty.
shut up twitter
i'm listening to carly rae jepsen at 4:57am. i don't even give a fuck
breaking: ny/nj people receiving text alert -- "wanted - ahmad khan ramani, 28 years old"
check the mosques.
that's not progress. it's tolerance.
doing the bare minimum to use to tell people to shut up about it
my friend, ahmad khan rahami, just say it was a clock. you'll be invited to white house. become a hero.
you're a fucking moron.
clinton taxes show she only gave 10% to charity fact
and trump doesn't even give to charity, claims disbursements from tf that are others' $ as his.
guess i'll need to update my timeline for 2016 to include oracle!
do you have salesforce i there yet?
smells like somebody is smoking a blunt right in front of me on this mega bus rn
more like bo
so.... the rest of manhattan just get emergency alerted?
*new york city
imagine a world where uppercase and lowercase were switched. this is what it would be like. so intense. all the time. whoa.
this is pretty much always
reread: what makes frank randall tick, why are producers keen on frank's story?
we just love the way tobias does frank
so eloquent, don't you think? i love all the self confidence in this tweet.
such a beautiful mind this troll has. is the only puppet in this election.
inability to execute a complete task infuriates. who doesn't count "putting away" as part of "get groceries" errand??!!?
like putting in a fresh bin liner is part of the job of "take out trash / recycling"!!
. says issue didn't help get nominated? how does this guy have a job?
mark is seedy and racist himself. he fits right in.
i feel like the campaign has been one year-long terrorist attack perpetuated daily against american democracy.
i think you mean hillary's campaign, ask the berniebros if they feel democracy was taken from them.
happy birthday, ... it's been 3 years since "the big one!"
too bad gta online is totally unplayable
carolina vs vikings should be a good one next week! maybe then you can move the vikings into the top 5!
of bikes win next week would definitely move them into top 5
this police union leader thinks people should "give up" the right to free speech when playing in the nfl
didn't florida police said the same about beyonce formation tour? &amp; they ended up doing it anyways.
charles bukowski. i'm also rather fond of robert frost.
robert frost is my husband's favorite too.
video : entire high school football team refuses to stand for national anthem
while we are getting attacked by isis. stand up kids you haven't done nothing in your life that you should be taking a knee
every phone in new york just buzzed. "wanted: ahmad khan rahami." it points us to look at media for pics...
should be an interesting day,
god jane birkin and serge gainsbourg were so perfect together i want to cry
he's trying to smoke her in that photo.
does this mean you project a new england-carolina super bowl?
no. too early for super bowl projections. we have a long ways to go.
remember you are not allowed to talk! if u tell us what the secret is i will be happy to oblige.
we are not allowed to talk but just got an emergency update looking for ahmed i have a doc by that name.
we voters don't care about bill's affairs we care about policy and being proud of our leaders not
what about his rapes?
need a long anime series to binge on 12 hour flight.
it's a bit old but i recommend martian successor nadesico.
her we are the garbage dump for trump back at her trumpet playing lies again
katrina pierson the dump for trump
the government violated the rights of millions. ask yourself: would you rather not know? the rest is distraction.
would you rather have a terrorist explode a nuclear device in an american city or have millions of americans' privacy violated?
you didn't put soy milk in your coffee this morning did you? i pretty sure man boobs would ruin your chest tattoo!
*i'm* jesus it's 2016 why does twitter not have an edit option?
beginning of the end - they will outnumber us, we better wipe out sharia law fast - watch
nyc is gonna be targeted even more with all the new refugees coming in
subways seemed pretty normal today. not noticing any extra security either. (which doesn't mean it's not there, of course.) stay safe, nyc!
just typical delays whenever it is drizzling outside
minnesota 6th?
not that high yet but getting closer. they are going to have to pass protect better or bradford will not last long.
all phones going off in the si ferry terminal with emergency alert looking for ahmad khan rahami in connection with bombing. be alert!
wouldn't be surprised if he is caught by noon.
1-2-1 on the day brutal push on the browns tough loss on the jags/chargers under 49 wasn't my week but looooooooong season to come
nice i went 6-2 chicago tonight ?
just got an emergency warning on my phone about a 28 year old male named ahmad. oh and now he's on my tv.
the entire floor at dbg just took out their phones. it was like a tv scene
maybe when pogba and zlatan are fit again...makes a difference when you don't have them on the team.
part of me thinks i hope the blip is now and season reaps rewards later. you guys are solid but then play smaller teams!
sure, trump has the momentum. but his prospects for 270 electoral votes are still dim.
sure, keep believing that.
. raises $3m for secure messaging platform via
thank you for the retweet lindsay. we'd love to connect with you!
100-year-old seeds could hold clues to deadwood's early chinese population
this is exciting news!!!
hello. i can confirm that we have no rules preventing trans users from using badoo. :)
give me my profile back
super cool company in berlin is hiring mobile developers. they have a modern product, video/social focus. dm me for more info.
we would be happy to assist you on remote work. let us know so that we can discuss further via dm.pf:
i just got a amber alert of the fbi looking for a wanted man .....
that shit was so annoying but i wonder what he did
how much has the giants defense impressed you? they held brees and the saints to under 300 yards of total offense yesterday.
giants d has been impressive so far. they need more consistency on o but i like where they are right now.
who in the hell is ahmad khan rahami &amp; why do i have to call 911 if i see him ? what you do ahmad ?
he allegedly had something to do with the bombs in new york
there might be some homekit ac outlets that could bridge the gap.
eh. that'd just control off and on.
imma find this dude ahmad
meet me outside your apartment in 15. im going with you.
is it a movie?
yes! it's a movie from the late 80s. very farcical and funny.
y'know how everyone was like "new yorkers don't give a shit [about the bombings]"?
became really damn real when that push alert said they are looking for a specific person with a specific face.
given the incompetence shown (a dumpster, really?) these could be merely probing attacks to test intel/le response. be safe out there.
very nervous this week. i live near united nations. lotsa folks here for the meeting. keep us safe nypd!!
when u combined the non-entity that is "millennials" w/ the multi-authored neoliberal shlock of clintons pr machine the results arent pretty
replace "millennials" with "stanford freshman without student debt" and then her quote would be on point
alert: suspect in nyc terror attack identified as ahmad khan, 28yo nj resident. be on the look out.
chilling waking up to that alert
actually i find it very funny that someone thinks he has copyright over cctv news footage screen grabs google 'copyright'
had to dig a little to see what you were referring to, but i found it. very strange!
what's going on in indy!!!?
injuries on d and poor o line play. lick tried to do too much yesterday.
policy proposals are better than trump's, that's not what i'm talking about.has to have message that excites people.
: when you play not to lose, you more often than not lose. hrc needs to take the gloves off &amp; play to win...
saturday's attacks show that failed obama/hillary clinton polices won't keep us safe! i will make america safe again!
oh shut up. great gains against isis. what's your plan beyond employing isis tactics yourself?
morning, y'all.
good morning!
my coworker seems to have forgotten the word for bilingual when describing her nephew as speaking half english and half chinese
"he's like white but...not? at least when he speaks"
help the locate ahmad khan rahami for questioning related to chelsea, ny explosion:
is this dude a christian?
they didn't place it in dumpster, saw report last night damage was from external force. fear this is all diversion anyhow.
hope it wasn't a trial run.....
with a vest on
the only vest he'll be wearing is an orange jumpsuit.
became really damn real when that push alert said they are looking for a specific person with a specific face.
especially right before a metro ride through the whole of manhattan, hitting all the major hubs.
. and have literally the same budget "plan": 1% off the top
. manufactured garbage doesn't represent a credible source. has integrity,
: anyone thinks trump can run usa must see how he's run his team
time for all media outlets to start unveiling &amp; demand the release of his taxes!
gee i wonder why we are having so many bombs and knife attacks it couldn't be those well vetted refugees could it hillary wants more
unfortunately it takes these horror attacks to wake up some more people in america.
the heat is on for ahmad kham ramami. iphone alerts. social media circulating his picture. lets go get him.
hope the rat guy gets him and just leaves him hanging in the city somewhere.
have a nice day
such great pictures. i love the laugh!
emergency alert pushed out for ahmad khan rahami, 28
photo of rahami:
i'm already excited for my coffee in the morning
update: it's good
watch live: nypd says ahmad khan rahami is being sought for questioning in nyc blast
they were bombs not blasts. blast sounds less freighting. you're welcome i like to help your bad at your job.
"ahmad khan rahami" probably has an invitation to the white house. amiright ?
you sound like such a moran
with ray and why were watching that crap
in between td passes of slinging sammy bradford
luggage claim. worldtracer will be updated as our colleagues have located it. sorry for the inconveniences rgds 2/2
day 6 ! still no sign of my luggage ! zero customer service from your customer service/lost &amp; found department &amp; world tracer !!
belated happy birthday bb!
thanks so much friend!
eternal question: better to spend energy on finding the believers, or on convincing the non-believers?
do you have more to learn on the subject? if so, then spend on finding. get new perspectives, instead of teaching your own.
i'm trying to eat healthy peanut butter, but wet and runny peanut butter is freaking gross
you need to get off peanut butter and switch to almond butter
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
you are such a liar. you have no plan, no strategy, nothing to offer.
despite a mini-power crisis yesterday (which we resolved today with minimal incident), my stress levels have reduced a fair bit. yaaay.
would you say you have hope? a bigger, brighter hope?
bill clinton: 'it's hard' to think about leaving foundation
i understand. it is like giving up that cow that gives so much milk
calling clitectomy "circumcision" is like calling beheading a neck injury. on the left is a full grown woman
they are like 3 years old? wtf animals
have a nice day
david has a beautiful smile!
the ny chelsea bomb "not linked to terror".....police now looking for 28-year-old ahmad khan rahami - who'd da thunk it?
born in afghanistan so naturally he's a terrorist?
soloinsight is looking for full time native android developers at our lahore office to be added to our mobile...
we would be happy to assist you on remote work.let us know so that we can discuss further via dm.pf:
not the score.
everyone said gints game high scoring, pats low. and that's why we play the games.
folsom? it's been too long
i wish- i don't have any bookings and can't make it, unfortunately
breaking: : suspect ahmad khan rahami could be armed, dangerous
is he "intentionally" armed?
when facetime actually works for 5 minutes so we can take some rad ass pics
klauds i love u so much
if you can, get the met catalog on the comtesse's photo show they did.
yes! when were they exhibited there?
i heard on one of the news channels it was a terror cell now.
i heard that also but mayor is holding off on using that word so we shall see what other info comes out first
send me fan mail! no this doesn't mean lets start a convo/ dick picks officialcclion.fanmail.com
you already know i'm a fam and i'm also a friend. love ya a miss ya cece
imma commit to being single for the next 5 years. if i ever start looking like imma get wifed, y'all remind me
there's fake relationships...that's still single right ?
what's going on in indy!!!?
injuries on d and poor o line play. luck tried to do too much yesterday.
the red pill g manifesto account
hey now i think seneca is great
a little jolting to get this alert right on a subway w/11 yr old daughter.
i got it, too. does that mean he was seen on the uws? it's so vague.
android developer: we are looking for an android/hybrid developer who is responsible for developing applicati...
we specialize in developing native mobile apps (ios and android)! our portfolio +1(212) 209-1537
860 connecticut is so weird &amp; racist
the only good thing about 860 connecticut is seeing all the cute lil farm animals
carolina vs vikings should be a good one next week! maybe then you can move the vikings into the top 5!
if vikes win next week would definitely put them in top 5
and makes me recall the number of times i wz told when i lived at um (which has big asian pop) that 'the smell' of 'their' food is so gross.
a white girl posted on fb calling the ribs she got from a chinese restaurant dog feet. she actually accused them of this.
moron* no need to thank me.
ha it's called typing so fast in frustration. that meme is absurd. but you are a racist and ignorant so why argue.
fbi says suspect identified in ny bombings is ahmad khan rahami, "us citizen of afghan descent" born in afghanistan
check astoria queens so many sand scum!!!!!
i hate to admit it, but i am. having experienced 9/11 the way i did, i fear for my kids, who are always traveling.
i am surprised to say i am not. my son takes trains every day. my son-in-law takes train to city for work. pissed is how i feel.
getting a push notification about a terror suspect in the middle of my subway commute is not the monday i was hoping for.
ayyyyy.... :/
"a doctor asks: was obamacare designed to fail?"
no. it was designed to pump millions into the insurance companies that in turn would fill the pockets of some in power. socialism
whoa, this isn't an amber alert. concerned this won't end well.
won't end well how curiously!
no possibility of kid trying something like this? no possibility of jealous ex? could be
jealous ex? lol. you're reaching with that one. islam moon sketched on that pressure cooker. all the evidence needed.
kasich will not be 'bullied' by rnc chair for not supporting trump
good for standing strong &amp; never compromising his belief. now that's a republican i can vote for. blew it!
no love for minnesota???
they're getting close.
hi logging on for 3 to 4 hours for some fun fun fun hope to get to see you all there and thinking of you all can wait to hang &amp; play with u!
wish you lived closer so we could hand this ole hallowed eve
i don't like nobody really knowing my personal business, especially w females. thats how things should be
wait....you're not gay????
that was the loudest mother fucking alarm
it really was
i have gestational diabetes!!! what does it mean?? gonna be googling all night now
oh no that means you have to watch your intake in carbs. you will have to prick yourself b4 you eat and after you eat.
by all accounts, nyc bombs met with calm in nyc; all the panic is elsewhere.
the reality is nyc residents get the fact we are at war and thus will have casualties. some would rather spin political gain.
fbi says suspect identified in ny bombings is ahmad khan rahami, "us citizen of afghan descent" born in afghanistan
keep letting this scum into america and you see what we get, wake up america !
if the fbi is looking for ahmad khan rahami they should start w/ the dnc. it's where most terrorists end up.
not cool in a time like this.
y'all i have done that thing again where i attempt to move big things by myself and then trap myself in part of the apartment
glad to hear "in part apt." not "under big heavy thing" eep.
is it time too drop john brown
depnds on who u add
trump, grand wizard of birtherism
enough is enough trump an his hold campaign are fucking liers media stop posting your damn garbage
no. it was designed to pump millions into the insurance companies that in turn would fill the pockets of some in power. socialism
who took the most while or after leaving washington? gore, clinton's, pelosi, reed and obama will not be behind for long.
culture and diversity are so beautiful
you are so beautiful
muslim woman from australia says she was forced to leave french beach for wearing .
this is ridiculous
i was a democrat for so long. i'm switching to republican now. obama and hillary show no intent to protect us from terrorists
i was an indy after george w became a dem going back to indy.
sending out an emergency alert to people's phones before 8 am is a form of terrorism.
. but for real tho, hearing that alert noise half asleep/so early made me more frightened and confused than i have been all year!
sorry go down line of extrajudicial killings and decline to anarchy and mass murder is a short one.
you just described what drug gangs do in philippines for years to kids.
don't troll my younger clone jgl. he was superb from what i heard.
he may be your clone but mine is snowden!
using net promoter score to guide your product roadmap: cc'
glad i'm not the only one harping on nps. not perfect and following a single metric is always dangerous, but def in top 5
ronald mcdonald had too many mcflurries
i would probably run scared if i walked into this ..
yo i'm deadass praying this winter has little to no snow
i'm praying for the exact opposite.
i have gestational diabetes!!! what does it mean?? gonna be googling all night now
i had it too with my two girls and it was so painful. constantly pricking my fingers for my blood sugar level.
fucking joe has katty, not crying mika/nicolle/jansing anymore
all liberals media made trump bad boy while liar hill, angel 4mentioning bomb 3 times!
but she hasn't called them "deplorable" yet, because she only uses that adjective for really, really bad things...
keep letting sand scum into america and this is what you get wake up america!!!
who took the most while or after leaving washington? gore, clinton's, pelosi, reed and obama will not be behind for long.
how do we pay? hi tuition, hi energy costs, hi insurance rates, less mobility, no jobs or promotions
the big story in this election is that the majority of white people support a racist candidate for president.
many of the supporters are 1)totally racist 2)loyal to the party with racist tendencies.
i've been thinking about it lately too
yea, kinda listening to my body.. lol, weed really is more than enough.
let's hear it for "hallelujah," after tonight to be retired &amp; never used in an emotional moment on tv again, "hallelujah" folks, well done
you don't really care for music, do you?
. if only you called out 's bs as vociferously as you do 's, bremmer!
i did! i did it as soon as they &amp; started fearmongering!
breaking: new york governor now says it looks like manhattan bombing could be act of terrorism with foreign connection.
2 chronicle 7:14 if my , who are called by my name will humble themselves &amp; &amp; seek my face and turn from their wicked ways
on the train into nyc. cacophony as all phones simultaneously make unfamiliar chimes to tell us the name of the bomb suspect.
pretty sure we heard the same symphony up and down the hallway here.
nyc blasts out message to all iphones looking for this guy
hopefully this isn't like "london has fallen" all the world leaders includiing potus r in nyc.
that is not true. your facts are wrong 2nd plus australian style gun control she owns both
quote? nra/republicans block all attempts at universal complete background checks &amp; restrictions on sales.
today's political reset button is the world's only vegan cat.
i found you because of this tweet. i clicked 'follow' because "...a button pushing troublemaker..." to be clear.
what did you think about 's address?
potus said thanks,helpful policies preferable. he was 4 me a means 2 an end not the end itself.
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
build that wall at the foreign airports and keep sand scum out of america!
video: will trump be held accountable for birther talk?
he has to be or the media has failed the public
the button in a glance that allows you to make the phone ding to locate it.
it's not siri activated, but it's in control center now.
it's a shame more people are not supporting him. in fact he has got more support from the uk dancehall scene than activists
it is a shame that we can see the bandwagonist!! this is why his support seems blank!!
zans is a summer sunset and i am a midnight storm
darlinf im a nightmare dressed like a day dream
a vote for hitlary is a vote for wwiii
no, you got that backwards, a vote for trump will get us into wwiii
new yorkers getting this emergency alert sent to their phones about ahmad khan rahami
no worries, geraldo says it's only "vandalism".
thanks for the english lesson. typical genius focus on that instead of life being important. good one.
that wasn't an english lesson. it's the truth of your fear of lifeless objects that can be used to save lives
ugh can the alert system have a funner, less scary tone
working on a hack to change it to this:
sherie: thanks for the retweet &amp; ! please follow back! visit us for good music, books, photos, ideas:
thanks for the follow &amp; , sherie! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll at
at least they tried
lmao nah he's super cool for that
i can spend 3 years straightening my hair but that does not change the fact that once i step outside it will get curly again
update: i just walked into school and..
a game or two, whatever. bottom line: healthy, top 4 ec squad with 50 + wins... anything else, disaster. simple.
lol. what an insane statement
searched twitter to see what people were saying after getting the alert, saw a flood of right wing venom
people like that feel like a larger and more real existential threat to the country than the explosive found a block away from where i work
america vote liar hillary for obama's legacy of bombings everywhere!
america is burning! not a word from no. i terrorist muslim obama!!!
"classic" "american" snack.
oy they may want to reconsider that branding.
ahmed khan rahami named in new york city bombing
yes i got an amber alert about 1/2 hour ago.
be safe &amp; hagd
your the best! liz-a-rini:-)
saturday's attacks show that failed obama/hillary clinton polices won't keep us safe! i will make america safe again!
you are so full of shit
nazi = national socialist german workers party. i volunteer to buy you a history book.
hitler wasn't a novelty! man who created both words "socialism"&amp; "feminism" hated jews
trump and his ppl are still telling lies
you hate liars so you go with hillary? ha! you make as much sense as a screen door in a submarine!
they work for companies that get them global access to $ laundering capabilities-doing everything through electronic
like half the nyc landlords hide under llcs. get full protection from city no accountably with immunity,
careful, the nypd bomb squad fucking around on their bomb range in dam neck 20 miles away might be dangerous!
i'm in chelsea 2x a day everyday for work, including the day of the bombing. hope nypd can put the catcalling on hold for a bit...
yo wtf i was in bayonne and we heard some loud shit and said "yo that's deff a bomb"
family please be safe
the minibar in my room has jagermeister. people still drink that?
clearly, you're not an uber driver in a city on any given friday night.
cause i gotta for the moment congrats egyptian bae!
right?! and that beard shot. *insert thirsty thot meme here*
ny governor: there 'may be foreign link' to bombings
keep letting sand scum into america and you get what you deserve! wake up america!!
just got an intense emergency alert from my phone about the jersey bomber.
5'6", 200 lbs? it's the jabroni bomber
the important thing is to get this individual quickly and to continue to be strong and vigilant.
improve these emergency alerts. does 'see media for pic' mean i.e check twitter??
pro-tip: if you see someone who looks like this, don't worry about racial profiling, just call the cops.
wonder if all the idiots that said it wasn't terrorism feel stupid now. i'm sure they'll all have an excuse.
i'm debating whether or not to get the iphone 7
unless you enjoy headphones with a lighting cable instead of aux i wouldn't recommend
manhunt: authorities searching for ahmad khan rahami, 28-year-old suspect in nyc bomb blast
keep letting this sand scum into america! you get what you deserve. wake up america!
will be on at 7:02 a.m. enjoy.
who gives a shit
contrary to what many will say in the coming days, the suspect is an american citizen.
robert. i only gave the identity of the suspect. i didn't talk about his us status! he is a criminal &amp; a terrorist regardless
"shit, i fucked up this recipe. ...it's okay, no one will ever know." 3,000 years later, in a national museum:
lol, i am reminded of the time roommate tried to toss a failed mac &amp; cheese attempt, pot &amp; all. (rescued because pot!)
loved your new bunny buddy hope you had a great time
i did. it was nice to get out of the house and spend time with friends
if you have an interview on a rainy day, do you wear your formal interview shoes and just hope for the best?
makeshift bread bag galoshes
when new yorkers are the thoughtful ones in this situation, it makes me sad for this country.
it's gonna be a witch hunt
good morning
morning hun! how are you?
ahmad khan rahami wanted in connection with chelsea bombing. 28 yrs old. call 1-800-577-tips or 1-800-give-tip.
keep letting this sand scum into america and this is what we get wake the fuck up america
1 unconfirmed theory is 5 afghan men held maybe were attempting to flee via jfk airport
keep letting this sand scum into america and this is what you get. wake up america!
have info on rahami or ny explosion? call 1-800-call-fbi or submit a tip on website:
is that mr.sausage?
name of one of the nyc bombers - ahmad khan rahami - there are those that say that "khan", a popular name in pakistan - is from "cohen"
of course jews are always responsible. even when we are not. something related:
has exposed a cesspool of bigots and bystanders in the gop. so long party of lincoln. make room for the racist frog mascot.
he is the founder of birtherism &amp; a racist &amp;sexist monster. he is the most disrespected man child in the world
online conartists are just given en edge but those already in networks sell trust funds for profit- black market
they electronically stalk smoking out where the money is. they either protect it or steal it, criminals
wanted: ahmad khan rahami, 28, in connection to the chelsea explosion. call with any information.
keep letting this sand scum into america and this is what you get. wake up america!
these are the best secrets to productivity, according to 200 successful people:
: don't read extensive lists on the internet
jdr on lackluster raiders pass rush, always a combo of rush + coverage: "the rush is ready to go. we're not getting enough coverage."
what is del rio talking about? there is no rush at all. check ryan's 3rd and 3 at the end. clear view of wr on slant. no push.
the nation's largest police union endorses donald trump
wow sopan! i was thinking that your twitter feed was only negative items on ! is?...
i'm good thank you. how are you feeling today?
i'm ok for right now. trying to figure out how to get some coffee in my system
what. the. fuck.
yes. the poor owners were posting their health department scores. ignorant heifer who can't season food randomly decided she
fbi names ahmad khan rahami as person of interest in chelsea bombing maybe it was terrorism!
sounds like southern baptists are framing the "religion of peace" again
so very proud of what you have accomplished of late!
thank you. i'm finally at a place where, i believe that i can knock down any walls in my way. your encouragement inspires me
ahmad khan rahami is wanted in connection with chelsea, nyc bombing. please call 1-800-577-tips or 1-800-give-tip.
keep letting this sans come into america, new york, and this is what you get. wake up america!
gov.christie is excellent for campaign ! keep him on air defending!!
stay off twitter! dems distort your candid opinions! be more humble to win !
my mere presence scares you folk so i don't need s gun. being black does the same job. isis are not nearby either
reasons for a gun is irrelevant to having the right. mere threats become null after its shot in the head. i won't even brag
ny owns half of colorado.
now big pharma wants to get in the pot biz or stop it nyc addicted to more.
the worst thing we could do now would be to play internal politics over . we are one nation.
some of the journalist are worst than those terrorists.
avocado: not ripe avocado: not ripe avocado: not ripe avocado: i'm ripe now avocado: okay you were in the bathroom so i rotted
yesterday i cut open an avocado that was both rotting and not ripe
stop ... i'm surprised they haven't emailed us this is ridiculous considering they found a package on the block of school
yuppppp fit doesnt close for shit tho! like im not even worried about being in school, im terrified of commuting rn
me c: for smash 4 at the least.
some of your tags suggest to me that you are not clear what a cypher is. look to pick up neo and mikehaze
yeah...i've seen that. unfortunately, all this meme shows is how much hillary gets away with stuff.
lol, you couldn't name one thing she "gets away with" . gee thedonald called her crooked, she must be.
yes, it's terrorism. ditch the bizarre verbal contortions and say it.
absolutely. created a new # = diblowmeo which describes the mayors pc wording. something related
emergency alert said check the media for a photo of the wanted man but i came on twitter and don't see any photos
ok i eventually found this via cnn via apple news but it took way longer than it should have.
just had the same thought smh
seriously ladies! stay safe out there and alert.
besides, you missed my point. i was saying that you cannot call it terrorism until you know the motive.
i did know. now you're going to say the stabbing in minn was not terrorism either.
fwiw framers were an "affected class" for 15 dollar min wage, because that's where their labor sits abouts. compare to fry cook
so framers may not be below $15/hour but they're close enough to $15 they'd see a bump?
that dress is unreal. i'm obsessed with it.
she is such a dream.
i can't drink like i used to anymore cuz of medical reasons &amp; ive been thinking abt cutting it entirely
yea, basically. it just doesn't even feel all that good after the lil buzz.. sometimes during..
what. the. fuck.
could confidently state that a piece of rib that clearly had a piece of bone from the next rib was a "dog toe" wp can't cook
stuntman proves evel knievel's rocket could have jumped snake river canyon
as i remember correctly, kneivel 'pulled-the-chute' 2 seconds after he left the launching pad
ahmad khan rahami is wanted in connection with chelsea, nyc bombing. please call 1-800-577-tips or 1-800-give-tip.
keep letting this sand scum into america, new york, and this is what you get. wake up america!
tbh first near you now me like damn
it shook my school. they also found one on my street :') one block over tho
can't wait to get on stage and share my new music with you x
just preordered physical cd to get chance of tickets, even though i have no cd player of any kind these days...
that doesn't look like panic to you? what about that guy with the apple?
people running away from a blast isn't panic. it was quite calm. people helping each other. helping nypd cordon off the area.
think investigation should happen first
when you see kids getting shot by drug gangs, investigation concluded
guess the people seen rain &amp; said no to class today
it's not even raining just cloudy lol
i've seen more outrage over this vet than the doctors still practicing after sexually assaulting women patients.
yeah people who value animal lives more than human are actually trash.
henny and i go wayyyyyy back though. i can't imagine never seeing it again
lmao! yea, i'm glad i've gotten past that. hard liquor can kick rocks forever. wine &amp; beer gonna be hard.
what. the. fuck.
to save their lives or season anything but will trot out with their ignorant opinions and treat them as fact. it was violent
no he is not, he is a suspect until proven guilty. everyone is entitled to due process.
ok. he will get his due process and then life. i don't deal in pc.
are we going to settle for crooked hillary &amp; her corruption in the white house? its time for real change in washington, no more career pols!
we don't need a career con man in the white house.
working in massive again feels so nice
i can't get away from it
so won a pulitzer prize for publishing info provided, but now they won't stand up for him?
it ain't personal. they've got a job to do.
1/2 heard this weekend that allowing women as deacons in churches is slippery slope toward women elders. ludicrous.
maybe women shouldn't even attend church and, ya know, get ideas? just let their husbands tell them what they need to know.
getting ready for the opening of austin fragomen, chair of the gfmd business advisory group
heading to the plenaries shortly -- joining 's session?
for you, for sure! go back to bed :)
can't. heading to the airport for new york!
there was my mysteriously cool pillow though...
and the spooky cheesy mash breakfasts ;)
gearing up for the next sci con: there is a small rocky plant around our nearest neighbor star. via
oh ha, try again: for next sci con: there is a small rocky planet around our nearest neighbor star.
donald trump was caught having sex with kate upton that just got leaked on vid here: 0.681
o.m.g. even if it was true who cares! we have bigger issues at hand.
": he's the only candidate that will keep us safe!"
amazing how local govt downplayed the bombings. could have cost countless innocent lives. time 2 get smart
wew. just discovered this tweet.
an improvement.. it used to be 400 years...
what. the. fuck.
but typical for that particular kind of ignorant ww who isn't required to fact check or prove anything but gets believed
last night on belt parkway by verezzano bridge in brooklyn which you're reporting.
don't let any muslims across any bridges, castrate male muslims
tbh the emergency alert system tone would make for a great alarm
the alarm that will wake up even the heaviest of sleepers - because it seems like hellfire is coming
": he's the only candidate that will keep us safe!"
how? how? how? please provide a policy. a strategy. anything there?
despite spending most of my day off at the store, my phone is still on the fritz. technology is awesome.
certainly, (who you despise &amp; report falsely) has often talked about making great again!
: ahmad khan rahami 28, wanted in connection to . live coverage w/ on fbn
we keep letting this sand scum into america and this is what we get. wake up america!
this is crooked hillary at only 11 p.m. does she have the stamina to be our commander in chief?
we don't need a career con man in the. white house.
gm, witch gop investigation of clinton was proven? trump lies everyday
you say the same crap! now tell me the lies! did he lie about e-mails? his name? benghazi? watergate? his health?
cell phone emergency alerts naming individuals. new. and yes, let's admit, terrifying on many levels.
seems like they are working out some kinks--including how to push a photo out
the tend to always give the a tough time in their match ups. their games are battles of attrition
usually isn't hobbling around with bad ankle. also tyler lockette, thomas rawls injured. ugly
we should all be identifying together as people. your attitude helps nothing and no one
ayo stfu her "attitude" isnt hurting anyone. but your lack of empathy is showing.
it was pouring earlier. were you up ?
lol i just woke up but damn
yea they can't find this guy they got ahold of 5 people overnight crossing a major bridge
so i assume that is how they got this guys name 4 bombs in 72 hours not good
the final 5 $50 gc winners are: &amp;
did anyone actually receive their prize???
what. the. fuck.
it's what makes ww particularly dangerous to poc. if she bothers to apologize, which is unlikely, other ppl will excuse her
i got hung up in serum and just couldnt get away from that sound. so nice to be back and making old skool p0ggy sounds
hell yea stoked to hear it
awe, you actually look like a nice human being
.. i might crack a smile but ain't a damn thing funny.
wine doesn't have enough alcohol content to move me so i only like it with meals. if i drink i'm gonna drink.
yea, my tolerance is non existent. it doesn't take alot.
muslim friends: i'm really sorry about the internet today.
anyone with vauguely brown skin is gonna feel the burn today
i was congratulating the amazing across the aisle!!!!
too late! we now all think you were contemplating murder.
step up and let hillary know you've got her back. add your name now if she can count on you in november!
keep letting this sin scum into america you fucking liberals and this is what you get. wake up america!
breaking: naturalized afghanistan citizen sought in manhattan blast
workplace violence? disgruntled postal worker? bullying?
john mayer has the same birthday as me
no wonder you both kill the game
after years of brain washing and hiding underneath it , she probably , very unfortunately , feels safe under it :(
well she wore normal clothes but just covered her hair. movie start style. so it wasn't as bad as the burqa lol.
fwiw framers were an "affected class" for 15 dollar min wage, because that's where their labor sits abouts. compare to fry cook
$200/frame was big box craft store. thought we'd do better there, small framer quotes us $150/frame. 0 price transparency.
saw the ahmed khan rahami alert on my phone. checked twitter for details but all i found were a bunch of racists.
and people complaining about being wake up early
so that means you are happy bush won?
using your warped of reality, shud we blame lbjs signing the for the nixon presidency?
how are u watching season one
i bought it on dvd from amazon!
why would you post this anywhere
simple. she wants other guys that have done her wrong to see what they are "missing" and can't have anymore. its a strategy.
the theory of evolution is "only a theory" by religious zealots
bad, but as bad as calling for "total replacement of the scientific enterprise with one not based on the scientific method"?
happy birthday
thank you shae!
so i know "terrorism" is a funny word right now, but is this now seen as an act of terrorism?
my guess, yes. i mean, strictly speaking, terrorism incites terror. so ... ?
why is lies allowed. i think channel 9 at 5 have a truth meter. i don't know what day. trump supporters don't care about truth.
trump lie so much it becomes reality for him
i hope you succeed.
how's work been going?
you at least 18 months late
no body ever wanna tell me the name of songs
breaking news. - chelsea bombing. ahmad khan rahami wanted in connection to chelsea bombing; may be armed and...
did they at least give the two homeless guys that found the bombs a place to stay for a few days? look into that, they saved ppl.
his silence speaks volumes. rt "obama stays silent on nyc explosion but talks election"
this scumbag let the sands scum into america. i hold him responsible!
can you spot the boner?
hehe yup there it is!
my ny friends and neighbors, sending hope for a safe day--and that goes doubly for my muslim brothers, sisters, and siblings.
i'd like to point out: a muslim woman's clothing was set on fire in nyc last week. last month, an imam and his peer were shot in queens. so.
day 2 of the summit! i'll be talking to young people all day! if we didn't get a chance to meet, message me on insta!
would love to connect. where can i find you at the summit?
i'd like to point out: a muslim woman's clothing was set on fire in nyc last week. last month, an imam and his peer were shot in queens. so.
let's be cool, okay?
police identify suspect in nyc bombing as afghani-born ahmad khan rahami | zero hedge
. round up the suspects, increase security, make us look safer. do it for a week then make believe everything is fine
emmy time!! very excited to be nominated for !!
the color of the gown makes it too inactive. you need a bright n vibrant color to make eyes stay on you
my blogger babes stay safe
madness! i pray this is all over soon. it's making me anxious to travel around the city
12/ anyway, i'd love to hear from progressives why you guys think it's good to embrace the message that if you are a boy who likes dolls,
bingo! a toy is an object. a dress is an object. they do not have the power to turn boys into girls.
yeah school will be fine just be careful i wasn't commuting at 10 tonight by myself there was no shot
i will thank u and absolutely not, today's not the day for u to do that
we live in a world where 9 stabbings and 8 explosives across 3 states by terrorists - is in many ways, just another monday? so sad.
it does not have to be this way interment camps are starting to sound like a vacation for this sand scum
loooove this song
yeah there's some strong joints on old, but this is probably the highlight for me
carl bernstein reports that bill weld is considering dropping out if he thinks johnson-weld will help elect trump.
meanwhile gary johnson continues to be a moron?
acquainted w baroness b v marenholtz-buelow supporter froebel kindergarten:
illust baroness in book photo cathedral all saints (albanyny)
. takes over our twitter account this week as our . abdul is a 24 yr old medical student at the fiji national university.
welcome . looking forward to an exciting week with you
glorious night. thank you and happy birthday.
you looked stunning. :)
i need to like get in contact with ppl who make apps cuz i want apps to be made
we specialize in developing native mobile apps (ios and android)! our portfolio +1(212) 209-1537 dm
that was fake.
why did perez hilton say he liked it?!
yes trump will be in every dumpster to catch them all. makes perfect sense
trump won't let them in, the fucking liberals over the last eight years let all this sand scum in
it's the start of intrusive gov. into all our lives where guilt is presumed rather than innocence 2/2
i am well versed in the constitution &amp; law. i'm fed up with our politicians using pc language while getting killed
national championship shirt. great times!
i remember that weekend. brilliant!
good mobb deep reference eye for an eye
c'mon b'! queens all day!
lrt i still have no context for that video &amp; have no idea what's happening.
me neither, but if sure made me laugh super hard! haha!
": he's the only candidate that will keep us safe!"
unless you are going to stop and search everyone, no way this is possible keep pandering, shitbag
for when you have a kid
best mom ever!!!!!!
yessir! i'll be dropping by your office soon.
peace antoine! would like to send you something special; how may i email you
i know. "*siri still* can't ping the phone." i never thought that the feature disappeared. siri still can't be used for it.
ah, gotcha, my bad. didn't even occur to me since siri barely works 10% of the time on the watch for me.
$200/frame was big box craft store. thought we'd do better there, small framer quotes us $150/frame. 0 price transparency.
always feels like you're getting fucked no matter what the real cost. maybe they have low margin, still feels bad.
like christians honoring god with their businesses?
no. nothing at all like that.
gm, witch gop investigation of clinton was proven? trump lies everyday
just google "hillary's lies"and look! trump may be a lot of things but when it comes to lying hillary takes the cake!
just made my morning &lt;3
looking forward to my comedy special on ztv
hmmm to early for this
never to early when it's ya bday
let's be cool, okay?
and for those offering your loving thoughts to new yorkers today but not during those crimes, remember, those folks are new yorkers too.
just my leftovers...sorry..
looks like a fancy way of presenting some do-it-yourself chocolate milk :-d
lol morning loco! blessings to you and yours.
likewise baby girl..
seriously why are so many people carrying around lunch boxes this year???
to cary their lunch
my babe knows as soon as i give birth, i want all the carbs, and coffee waiting for me. like instead of flowers. just carbs and coffee.
your push gift lol 30 min after i gave birth i had a full plate of rice and beans con pollo. eat everything!! lol
yes trump will be in every dumpster to catch them all. makes perfect sense
after serving time in the middle east interment camps are vacations for muslims
once again system is rigged against 3rd party. they don't have requisite $ to run without aligning themselves with major party
nope. 3rd parties could be viable if they did the work in local/state races and built themselves up.
a blind man successfully kayaked the grand canyon in 2013.
he don't look blind
i didn't say a word i just smiled
yet, if you said anything against hillary, they would be like ...
11/ to this and think their gnc kids must be trans because they like the "wrong" kinda toy. which is not the right approach to this! oy.
right! it stunts the imagination and teaches kids to disassociate from their own beautiful, perfect bodies! two harms!
fresh off the boat is mad weird b
that's my show
last night at . always fun with in the clubhouse!
love this look
it likely was. however, could it have been intoxication? could it have been mental illness? time will tell.
he was yelling allahua akbar. isis called him a warrior or some crap. yes, i'm sure a he was drunk. muslims don't drink btw
pockets of heavy rain across mid atlantic &amp; neast that could lead to flash flooding despite dry conditions overall.
good, flood out the rats out of the subway
more like cousins. i see both trump &amp; hillary as in it for the money, connections and fame.
then you buy the media spin about hillary. sorry you haven't read for yourself on her.
subways were closed so a peddle cab gave me a ride for free . who says new yorkers aren't nice .... to conventionally attractive white women
ugh i praised my looks one too many times on the internet . now i must dissolve into a bitchy ether
am i missing something? one episode of left me irritated: overwrought, obvious. should i go on?
felt the same way. and i tried episode 2. worse. got halfway through 3. done. can't understand the hype at all.
yes trump will be in every dumpster to catch them all. makes perfect sense
you proved you were an asshole by voting for obama twice you don't have to suffer anymore with your fatal disease
misters &amp; go to washington! an all-new starts right now.
i love "the little person" ha! he did look like your old man. :-)
why are the major parties so against debating or media covering 3rd part candidates. what are they afraid of?
again, gain support from the ground up. but that's hard work and not glamorous and 3rd parties are largely lazy.
this is money america could be using to boost wages, hire more workers, &amp; strengthen our economy.
so you want more deregulation which means more lead in water? has congress helped flint and other affected areas?
it's the start of intrusive gov. into all our lives where guilt is presumed rather than innocence 2/2
btw the government is already intrusive. guys like snowden and assange (who i'm not defending) proved to us
gm, witch gop investigation of clinton was proven? trump lies everyday
your argument is ridiculous! did you hear the fbi director? go have a coffee before you talk to me!
i'll stick to my statistics. 'trust your gut' might actually be profitable advice on wall street, study says
since you aren't a "high frequency trader" that makes perfect sense!
facts are stubborn. the democrats won't even call it a terrorist attack. they encourage this behavior .
living in nyc, logically your argument isn't valid; i've seen many dems call this situation a terrorist attack. inv. is cont.
tonight on an all new 's world detour on
my new favorite show on tele!!
i finished it but i'm gonna rematch it and i saw half of season 0 so gonna rematch that too
when i have time, aka winter break or something i'll just watch it over from the beginning. it's been a while
so much hypocritical and wrong about calling another person privileged. we should all be slower to judge
i'm saying your ability to vote w/o caring if trump wins is privilege. you won't be hurt so much.
yes trump will be in every dumpster to catch them all. makes perfect sense
you better check into hillary's fraudulent college that funneled money through her npo, 15 million loser
no, i'm not going to make a joke video about that last episode of despair. i'm not. ...i'm probably not. ...i'll get back to you on this.
wait it finally ended? aaaaah i an watch it all!
he loves that phrase
simple msg that everyone understands. none of this "work with our arab coalition partners to carry out our strategic patience plan"
hillary's bringing in 1000's of muslims that want to kill all gays, you support that?
as do you &amp; your white supremacist taliban friends. how's it feel that u share common values w islamic extremists?
lol looking like a snack over there
lol i like snacks so that's a good thing hahaha
ooh you going to the job fair at leake &amp; watts ?
i didn't even know there was one ???
it's little-known than ryan nugent-hopkins' parents are ted nugent and bo hopkins.
the guy's name is ahmad khan rahami. i was sure it would be henrik lundqvist. very, very surprised.
that still means your dick can be really tiny
you've seen the sock video right jess?!
i'd submit you don't know his motivations. how did it avenge his father? did we get more or cheaper oil? prices skyrocketed!
so you defend jr. bush? disgusting!
ooh you going to the job fair at leake &amp; watts ?
dm me the info
what an incredible 12 days! is proud to be bringing home 115 medals from the paralympic games!
congratulations! these amazing athletes show the world
over a dozen bombs found, still not enough to call it terrorism!? that metric of proof...
you miss the point. once there's proof, there's proof. there wasn't at the time. now it *looks like* there is.
someone kick the shit out of this guy
fuck that. i say we round up his family and hold them at a black site until he turns himself in.
lmao i heard if you're a donor doctor's don't care about your life as much cause they can harvest you
oh it's so true. also hillary clinton is a reptilian and william the conqueror landed on mars in the year 1066.
wait it finally ended? aaaaah i an watch it all!
i seem to have misunderstood you. my apologies.
i'm back on twitter needed a break!!!!
:) you nyc cast are fabulous--probably the best housewives franchise so we love ya all :)
1. uncontrolled mass migration of anything is harmful to the indigenous population
yeah i think the white people of britain will do just fine
maybe in debates he will be compelled to answer how???
when your in a fight your not calculating every punch and assessing before your next punch. is a fighter.
big pharma and the mental health network here are huge $ makers
lol one has a lot to do with the other. what happened to
omg i can't believe you're cheating on me and this is the way i have to find out!!!!!! ... lol ily
i'm sorry you had to find out this way... but yes it's true.... hahaha love ya
absolutely impossible. they would have won 120 games with a full staff
full staff and not picking them as an easy "ovah" atthe reunion show haha
hope smarmy music dudes with soft aesthetics go out of style soon
this funny but i can't tell if it hurts me
have you ever read the 1998 interview of sandusky victim 6 conducted by cys caseworker? would be interested in your thoughts.
i did at the time in 2012/2013 i have no memory of it now.
i've seen a lot of headlines about "terror fears" but i haven't actually seen much evidence of fear here in nyc
mostly just a lot of cops out today from what i see
waking up to those deafening alerts on your iphone confirming the chelsea attack was terrorism, is not the way i wanted to start today.
horrifying... :'(
to not respect his religion in his country just because you need love, so disrespectful! i wanted to vomit!
i had to dvr it and when i saw that, it disgusted me. she's so immature and disrespectful. plus she left her kid. wtf?
because he is foreign lol
um no. report say he was from elizabeth, new jersey.
99% of hillary voters accept domination thru fear &amp; guilt to form one stunted enslaved hive mind that worship the 1%
your man is the 1%. if by hive mind, you mean humanity, then count me in. have. good day. bye.
cops got free coffee. civilians got free rooms. acts of kindness flourish after ny attack
gacts of kindness!! sand scum is bombing the gay community and all you can fucking talk about his cups of coffee
insidery news tip: reporters don't actually get extra points for guessing before they have facts to back it up
but jenna &amp; the washpost run with these extra points with headlines from buffalo rally of "7-eleven." sad!
congressmen who don't want trump or hillary that's who. i fear you are not informed all the way quite yet. read up!
lmao, so funny u think i'm not informed but you're the person with this delusional scenario.
lolololol. where?
he went from 1% to 20
i see beyonc this saturday. omg.
it's a real good show. def have hella fun.
lemonade didn't win an emmy. interesting.
why does the window break before the bat hits it
on aleppo? ask him about syria. can you point to aleppo on a map &amp; explain who is fighting &amp; what they're fighting over?
yes, i can. and it's damn scary that i know more than a guy who wants to be taken seriously as a candidate.
cops got free coffee. civilians got free rooms. acts of kindness flourish after ny attack
it's illegal for cops to take anything free tell the fucking weirdos to stop giving them shit
craven suggests represents old, traditional &amp; the new, more liberal vt
. as a liberal, we can't afford , as budget deficits will continue. we need frugal .
i admire johnson didn't try to bs, later admitted to it being a terrible mistake and said he had to do better. refreshing!
yes, ignorance in a potus is very refreshing. /eyeroll
make no mistake, a wave of jihadist terrorist attacks at home will mar obama's reputation (deservedly) while helping trump (undeservedly).
however it is the nypd who is outside my bldg protecting us.
happy birthday to it would only be right to skip all classes and get belligerent
hahaha i wish i wish. thank you dalty! miss you!
wow, that sounds awful.
- i'm just surprised they've gotten away with it.
today we learned who updated their ios and who hasn't based on the picture they post of the emergency alert.
i fear no ios update.
unlikely trump ever gets interviewed outside of fox again, but if he does, there's some questions he shld be asked
forget pressers after his friday debacle.
cops got free coffee. civilians got free rooms. acts of kindness flourish after ny attack
these bleeding hearts want to help how about we have a gun and fight the enemy and change the fucking carry laws
it's disgusting all of this. most of my connection to government&amp;politics has had me targeted for years as others
it's not us it's some irrelevant person we met along the way that dumped their s--t on us. they get
i'd like to know how authorities tied ahmed khan rahami to the chelsea explosions?
nbc says they had video of him near explosions
i hope i end up facing you in the playoffs so i could eliminate you.
championship teams aren't born over night..it takes hard work and dedication to he to this point, but good luck bro
i'm back on twitter needed a break!!!!
queen! welcome back
craven suggests represents old, traditional &amp; the new, more liberal vt
. as a liberal, we can't afford , as budget deficits will continue. we need frugal .
trump on chelsea: "i called it!" via
send him and his trumpeteers away
did cher hack your account?
i'm surprised to hear silverman support the anti-israel obama and hillary..
now i have to actually worry about you being found in such a place come back
it's so scary! my workmate was near there.
wow. bet matty.
by far the most head ass conspiracy theory i've ever heard
no she uses people and sells her principles, morals and our security to the highest bidder.
again, look at you buying what the media blares at you with no thought!
congrats for seeking asylum in india. indian film industry was incomplete without you.
should be cast as zero along side marvi sir dard
is that what this comes down to you? is this your politics now? who is the 1st to call it terrorism? damn shame!
no but to vehemently deny it and try to make excuses is typical of the left. it was obvious from the beginning.
blame generations of congress for yielding its powers to the executive branch instead of a potus for using them.
"start a trade war" we are in one already
cops got free coffee. civilians got free rooms. acts of kindness flourish after ny attack
rainbows unicorns gumdrops and lollipops, cnn pulled your head out of your fucking ass the muslims are bombing a gay community
who is this dummy?
exactly. i have no idea why she's even there
carpet bombing? nukes? (and who, exactly, will we be knocking the hell out of? everyone in syria and iraq?)
why aren't the journos pressing for specifics?!
hillary clinton supporter. she has yet to disavow.
i'm sure if we go back to the tapes he'll be at one of her rally's.he won't be hard to spot with there size
it's a huge business here in colorado. all everybody wants is money over here there is nothing else-drugs everywhere
protection we get stalked. i got blamed for something i have no clue what i am hiding from. gov wants to
no she uses people and sells her principles, morals and our security to the highest bidder.
libertarians are the ones with no morals. it's based on pure selfishness and greed, libertarianism.
what did you think about 's address?
he showed up 2 push 4 hillary. we need 2 vote but he &amp; she need 2 know what we want in return.
dang too late but now i know
you can pretty much get away with anything by "dressing it up"
my band is called brooklyn kindergarten dropoff and this is our first album cover.
aren't they getting on tho?
this is a different one. released in 2015. buried in a mass of documents. very few have seen it.
ahh, then no. i read a couple the interviews but it's been years.
"quack quack quack quack"... "what's that duckface? i mean "
ahaha i had to dvr it so i just watched it.everything about her makes me mad but those lips...are they even real?
vote for the good guesser?
astrologers and psychics for prez!
what basket are you referring to
"the half basket of deplorable", politically incorrect but factually true.
this notification went off hard on the subway
yeah shit was screaming at me
sable did u get taken by extraterrestrials? tweet "x" and i'll activate my liam neeson mode
omg was testing out new ios messages features on an automated text from twitter and i had no idea it would tweet to my acct??
as south sudan teeters on the brink of disaster, a refugee recounts his flee to safety - my latest for news -
you're amazing!
good question.
common sense always is best
i'm not in the mood to be smelling a mix of wet dog and underarm stench.. people are trying it today
ugh i'm dreading being on campus today
oh young man really dumb? no. she thought to bring in audience members she brought the drama. it's on hey queen
well to start learn to form a complete sentence. phi phi is too mentally unstable to be on all stars &amp; an ass.
do you deny that has proposed cutting 1% across the board? or that trump has?
simple comment. i have no interest in an ongoing debate with you. enjoy your day.
it's a huge business here in colorado. all everybody wants is money over here there is nothing else-drugs everywhere
keep the conspiracy active. has to be $$ to bad i am not getting any but blamed. such liars hostages
rt : oh, cleveland
mccown had em up 20-0! typical browns- glad the cavs got it done. tribe time now!
yep. i waited in that bloody madison sq q and thought is this is??
i know. truly rubbish.
1. reports officials are "concerned" a "terrorism cell" may be responsible for planting bombs in ny/nj:
dann lutherans
gm, witch gop investigation of clinton was proven? trump lies everyday
trump is the only candidate that will keep you safe! a vote for hillary is a vote for bombers!
if y'all know anybody who knows how to make an app please dm me.
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app. our pf email to leads.com
from : redskins are already going back to the drawing board, and it spells trouble
they don't need that. they need kirk to hit open guys.
made that decision years ago!
- that's one of the reason the trump organization doesn't have what it takes to run a country
elizabeth warren urges hillary clinton to send her wall street friends to jail: via
aww that's sweet. if she doesn't they're still super best friends though
": refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming. lots young males, poorly vetted.
have you read the current vetting process? educate yourself.
sable did u get taken by extraterrestrials? tweet "x" and i'll activate my liam neeson mode
lesson: if you reply to twitter's login code text notifications it will tweet it to your account
the important thing is to get this individual quickly and to continue to be strong and vigilant.
so you were wrong as usual. congrats on being consistent and on being up before 9:00
our ahoi model is always ready for a swim-as it's water-resistant to 200 meters. more:
the hands are not as blue in person
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
time to release your taxes com man
do your research dumbarse she told in her interview on hey qween an spilt the tea ok. i'm done. bye hater xo
i saw it already and she spilled no tea. it's not editing she's just naturally nasty. good bye
mark teixeira is seven years younger than me. i know i had a ton of potential distractions as a kid. time warp?
i'm with tex. when i finished homework i went to baseball field. when i got home i watched baseball. then i watched espn
not much of a war if you don't fire back or stand your ground...
yep slow death
if hillary's doesn't respond to these attacks in a serious way, showing she gets the jihadist threat, she can kiss the white house goodbye.
she probably knows more about it than all of us put together.
"breaking the notion that truth should matter in the first place" via
is in no position to carry the torch for honesty
so many ppl out here are so medicated that i don't think they know true freedom. unreal...
doctors keep it that way. in bed with pharma and to political. that's why insurance hates obama care
do you have a recommendation for sparky yet intermittently informative game previews now that you're off that beat?
i don't know. i never read other game previews for fear of stealing ideas.
gm, witch gop investigation of clinton was proven? trump lies everyday
name one accomplishment of hillary's. i'll wait.
thank you to my body for feeling poorly enough to stay home so i can go back to sleep and ignore this fuckery
so jealous.
pmln media controlled by raw
possibly all the ppl who came in came to train their social media teams
police union asks deputies to not escort dolphins until players stand for anthem
- about time
it sounded like rank speculation the way cuomo said it. we'll see what evidence exists for this claim...
i could be wrong, but part of it is that without a foreign connection it makes it difficult to prosecute on terrorism charges.
fbi raiding an apartment in elizabeth, nj near bomb site via
they will let everybody i just to contaminate the site
surprised no one is talking about the central park explosive incident from earlier this summer in connection with what happened sat/this am.
they talked about it a little on fox5 this morning, but yeah... seems like most are purposefully being quiet about it.
going to nyc all the time your argument of raising your location is irrelevant .
you're saying democrats don't consider this an act of terrorism. maybe "certain democrats" works better with your argument.
70%?? 70 percent?! really now fuckboys?
i mean i guess i should be fair and assume that some people disagree but respect his right, which is fine, but
i like it tony. arizona will go far again!!!!
cardinals are a missed kick from being number 2!
what 0 - 2 team makes the playoffs this year?
don't like any of em
recent change keeps me from checking in to a place after leaving. first time with a gap in my checkin history since 2010ish.
hmm why? cc
i could be wrong, but part of it is that without a foreign connection it makes it difficult to prosecute on terrorism charges.
there really isn't any statue or laws that criminalize domestic terrorism or material support
would u drop d.allen for tamme?
thats a wash
when you pray that the suspect is not of the muslim faith...
or of color.
me too me too. i was chris farley interviewing paul mccartney the whole time we made our last record w/ reis
nah i kept my cool... i did opt to play his personal guitars the whole time tho even though the necks are too big for my hands
last day before all of the hair is gone.
it's about time don cornelius
was this for the dumpster bomb or did something else happen?!?
there was one down @ jersey shore, one in manhattan near my train and almost one today in elizabeth nj near a train
we stand for truth and then we get the bs from it....
agree. they look for fall people, they don't want the truth. blame the victim classic especially a women.
so coach you not even going to wait for the bears game?
neither philly or bears will be in the top 5 this week. a win by eagles could put them in top 15.
if he ain't the cutest...
she's was adorable. she's all grown up now but still very affectionate
not on team bomber but its more than a little fucked up for everyone to get alerts effectively saying "call the police if you see a muslim"
i tried to click for more details and nothing came up, no history of alerts so id have to go on google to figure it out
it was supposed to be rotisserie but they were out so she got fried
why are you so concerned about what type of condition our chicken was in when we ate it
thanks for clarifying that. now run &amp; tell the twitterverse and tell 'em they screwed up..
doesn't it bother clintonites all the screw ups and carelessness even her dob wrong!
he's obese!
all these tweets are going to the idiot - i wonder if they will set him off.
naughty nadia, nezzy mezzy, mon the moan, help mari ________? fill in the blank
urs will be maricar tricar ramon capone !
do you think sam bradford keep can keep up that level of play? hopefully peterson can come back and get something going!
vikes o line is going to have to protect better or he won't last the season.
i'm seeing so many mta alerts for police activity, all over the city, much more than usual
i got a wea blast about it while on ntrain/manhattan bridge. interesting to hear the lag time among phones. wonder why.
nba all star game generates $100 million in city revenue. $100 million hb2 lost for charlotte. laugh at that, pat.
i guess this was actually wrong
disgusting. proud we did not vote for this individual
yikes i didn't think it could get worse
express bus sounded like a festival of vuvuzelas.
don't think i've heard mention of a vuvuzela in, like, years.
amateurs!! no organization. pipebombs &amp; cookers no cell secrecy. no martyrdom. chose small tgts &amp; bombs placed randomly.
i like amateurs like trump likes the uneducated.
this hotel room in nyc seems a bit cramped.
staying in the roxy this week .... beautiful hotel.
trump: "we're going to have to do something extremely tough" doocy: like what? trump: "knock the hell out of them"
he's a man child and racist
and that's why the big pharma hates me- i reported and am totally against all those psychotropic drugs
now they say it is terrorist. last night they lied and said no links to terror! mayor in now.
two reasons trump is polling so well: 1) he's winning. 2) we're not seeing the huge dem oversamples in most polls anymore.
3) we are under attack, and america is waking up.
mr. trump, what is going on between you and your daughter? creepy!
why dont you stop following and commenting on mr trump. you are the creep!
oh please - aside from being deplorable you people are a
not sure why vici is a imbecile. all i see is posts on g-d
so were you 1 of the media that picked the to miss the playoffs? just wondering.
no. i never predict playoff teams before the season. too many unknowns. i was skeptical of the qb but he is impressing me.
in beautiful fabric artist, . jewels by . face hair .
simply. fabulous.
berners, i donated $27 to 's campaign. hope you will do the same jill stein for president
i am for bernie, but third parties might elect trump like nader elected bush against gore. with gore no wmd lies no iraq war
with purono partner in crime pick it up from a stall near you :))
"partners in crimes"... &amp; i realised how just changing the order of words changes the entire meaning crime partners h&amp;b
i tried to click for more details and nothing came up, no history of alerts so id have to go on google to figure it out
the average user will have forgotten the name-the only identifying feature-in seconds, &amp; remember "muslim".... horrible implementation
well at least you're happy. close game for sure!
too many shit penalties too. that secondary is gonna give me hypertension if that keeps up
the happy family. im the old guy. in case you needed clarification
i dont see an old guy..i see the leader with a huge smile...a proud and happy guy!
is it ironic that i finally got my charmander on a rainy day?
:o i'm surprised you're still playing
maybe we should make steeler a thing. the nfl team sorta clogs it up a bit, but still.
agreed! and not just because it's my idea and will demand royalties
where do you put the nyg in your rankings coach ??
giants are in top 10 but need more consistency on offense. i like what their d has done so far.
where is the truth?
in their bedrooms haha!
sent suspect alert. in waldorf hotel lobby, perhaps 100 phones went off simultaneously - incl those of world leaders
and this is why i have the sound off for those. way too much added stress!
the average user will have forgotten the name-the only identifying feature-in seconds, &amp; remember "muslim".... horrible implementation
are u excited for how this feature will evolve under a president trump? lol
when will the dates for the 2017 summer institutes be publicized?
most likely in the new year.
no. i mean 07. they blocked 08 primary in 07. and hrc is reagan 's pbo.
the fuck does that even mean?
welcome, aleasa! thanks for the follow! we have goodies! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" at
thanks for the retweet &amp; , aleasa! visit us for good books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra at
i'm almost @ sju and have already been 75% tried
i'll be praying for you. try not to hurt anyone, fam
if i sent it to you would you mind looking at it when you had a chance?
sure just tweet a link i'll read it tonight after work.
not sure how bengals get the nod when they couldn't get it to their best player, meanwhile minn def looks elite
minnesota will have a test next week. we'll know a little more after the trip to carolina.
i thought you lived upstate for some reason.
i do, but i work in nyc. is that not how the alerts work? lol. i thought my phone could tell i was in the city and alert me.
and that goes for anyone who wants to attack our country
slow painful deaths should be dealt to them
venmo is life changing. i stayed in the us for 3 months and rarely used cash.
yeah i don't use much cash in europe either so interesting to see how us tackled it
i look like a wreck feel like a wreck n decided to get breakfast instead starting the essay due in an hour, i guess the semester has begun,,
you got this girl you went to dais you can write essays in literal minutes
missing us yet?
not really mate
some homeless guys found the bomb in the trashcan. we could give them housing and food, but instead we will import 110k refugees.
best tweet of the year
the negativity on united ft is unreal atm. wednesday could not come soon enough .
also i get the frustration towards rooney . was terrible &amp; even i'm baffled by his 100 % inclusion . but he is def. not solely responsible
headed to the opening ceremony &amp; rt 3 on int cooperation. you?
heading to the plenary with et al
your an entertainment reporter. oddly, your insights into 1930's ideology aren't exactly, er, even vaguely sane.
it's "you're." learn basic grammar and punctuation then we'll get to the history lesson.
mine are = new england, denver, pittsburgh, carolina, arizona
arizona is a missed fg away from being number 2.
nypd seeks ahmad khan rahami, 28 year old male, in connection with the chelsea bombing.
ah so he's not irish not italian not chinese not russian not hindu, spanish,greek polish ,jewish,russian
now fully qualified conductor with full route signing
well done carl got a train through harlem and the bronx yesterday the conductors on there are characters they take no shit
she's was adorable. she's all grown up now but still very affectionate
she not she's. apparently i need more coffee
why did tina and amy share? why not nominate them separately?
must be the patriarchy.
good morning! i'll be talking to on about &amp; at 8:30.
congratulations! great piece &amp; great intro to you!
more not-normal behavior from republican nominee
he's a man child and unfit
but you do so much walking anyway?
not enough for fitbit, clearly.
round them up and rip their costumes off.
i would never suggest or endorse that.
very british start of this year's - wishing good luck to my dear team!
thank you and best to you as well!
she even lied about her name!
this is what's important to you? tell me how using or not using the word terrorism does something to combat it.
...about that eye roll
she's such a stuck up bitch. i can't stand her.
coffee's on, sun has yet to rise. let's get a safe and early start in and ^bh
**good morning** dear brian! wishing u &amp; your fab crew an amazing day ahead:-) ty 4 all u do 2 keep us safe. best, rr
if trump wins the election, a persistent resistance to calling terrorism terrorism will be a major reason why.
you sound disappointed
maybe he just hates tall, thin people. rt ahmad khan rahami: 28 yr old, us citizen, afghan descent, 5' 6" tall, weighs 200 lbs
now retract your prev tweet pls
word, shit just woke a nigga up smh fuck that nigga !
deadass shit woke me up i was tight
it's like a bat signal for islamophobia
can not possibly agree more!
hmm i don't know, weather warnings seem to hit all at once
in my open-plan office, weather warnings and amber alerts (seem to be staggered),
": refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming. lots young males, poorly vetted.
you mean the young children of war? are we going to just watch it like wwii? "history will punish those who act too late"
am i missing something? one episode of left me irritated: overwrought, obvious. should i go on?
cut your losses and stop now. (cc )
terrorism is not a left/right problem. it's an america problem &amp; to reduce it to a talking point is ridiculous! grow up!
no it is. the left wants to deny there is a problem. then flood the country with "refugees." get your head out of your ass.
": refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming. lots young males, poorly vetted.
the question is why would the government want these people here
there are 1000s upon 1000s of muslims from terrorist hot bed areas here on student visas who aren't even attending school!
tell the state department lol
my favorite picture tbh
because i look like a potato?
wtffff ... why does your app say my driver is 14 minutes away but then i get an alert that my driver is arriving now?!?!?!
like which one is it?!?!
in 2007 hrc got florida primary disqualified for being early. so i moved to
i know what happened. he still managed to become potus. and apparently got over it.
that's how it should do.
right? that's what i would think. ah well, thanks to twitter, i know what he looks like.
we appreciate the , trotter! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down:
we value your retweet, trotter! visit us for good books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra at
democrats vote for people like this. they're responsible for them ...
ppl vote for dems for the benefits they receive from those certain officials. just as contradict themselves.
visualize health care preventing disease, supporting health. not just a lucrative business selling symptom relief.
i think of standard medical care as disease care, not health care.
is this really any sort of surprise? the site even titles itself after a negative woman archetype.
that's where the "once again" comes into play
draw your swords; nassau's final chapter will be written in blood. returns this january.
final chapter, whyyyy???!!!
a friend who lives korea also got such about another event. apparently it's normal.
person on the news said it was the first time.
good - i have never told you that.
only if they have those long unpronounceable names
aww thank you! sorry for making your suitcase so heavy
she's the best.
...with anyone about your options? 3/3
i missed my flight due to your inexperienced workers.broken printer and clueless agent. 40min to check on
welcome to twitter. land of the angry. home of the knave
chris, not just twitter ppl everywhere are angry &amp; concerned abt these events and they have the right to be
so what was her point lol
nobody knows b
two hours left is rightttttt
how is left right mate
catch premiere episodes of tuesdays at 10pm et/pt on cnbc!
50 yrs. of c.w. celebration! can,t believe tues. 5th episode of .!!! bring it on!!
modi promises strong action against pak after uri attack, says will attend next nawaz birthday without gift
how strong is that ...instead must gift sharif with the blue print of annihilation of pak..
white voters keep trump's hopes alive in must-win florida - the new york times
hillary will win florida!
the enduring toxic myths fueling obama backlash, "all lives matter" and donald trump
an awesome read, a must share &amp; retweet!
the strange looks you get from people when you're dressed for a game 12 hours early...
but you feel like you're wearing you're little league uniform to school!
democrats vote for people like this. they're responsible for them ...
i understand what you are saying, but you can't generalize and antagonize on the get-go. take the time and analyze situations
all i want for my birthday is for google to implement translation services in gmail/inbox. sincerely, too many dutch emails
gmail has it! turn it on in labs
morning loves
my goodness
trump on isis: "we're going to have to do something extremely tough over there...like knock the hell out of them."
i hope sane ppl who see the risk of electing this nut don't just complain, but act like i am in pa -
always found goats to be very sweet and affectionate
alpacas aren't quite as people friendly as goats and sheep. they can be but you have to work at it usually
with me hes calling all the imbeciles
well i know i'm deplorable but i have a degree in organic chem. does that make me an imbecile?
nothing good happens after 2am.
this looks like it's out of a horror movie
his services are for sale ,people like him don't believe in ethics, morals or dignity
we have decided to give him a new honorable name
any concrete plans being revealed for 8 ?
linda is giving a session on that today
we value your follow, folks! good luck to you! visit us for good music, my books, photos, ideas at
we like your retweet &amp; , people! visit us for good books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra:
why does matter? no other network has comprehensive coverage of 46th annual alc.
racism dehumanizes blk folks 2 justify oppression,media like tv1, exposes tactic &amp; tells our fulller story
the just did something amazing. it changed journalism to meet the challenge of
about time.40 yrs of pretending everything is equally valid bought
good speech this am. she didn't fall down once. yet. today.
i ever meet you in person, sir, and you will understand what laughing at your prone body is.
deep house heaven awaits with dj ken walker with blow ya speakers 6-7pm gmt - its friday on
brand new tune star on itunes
i got it too, but happen to be in nyc
interesting. i'm curious about the spatial spread. welcome to ny, btw.
i missed my flight due to your inexperienced workers.broken printer and clueless agent. 40min to check on
now on the 830am flight.,and ironically,pple are still boarding
where is the truth?
stay in the all the rest is a game. especially till election time ppl don't matter they worship $$.
all i want for my birthday is for google to implement translation services in gmail/inbox. sincerely, too many dutch emails
p.s happy birthday
deep house heaven awaits with dj ken walker with blow ya speakers 6-7pm gmt - its friday on
brand new tune
ah fuck you mean i have to go back to using gmail?? :(
haha i use it for reading dutch email
so never let anyone in from anywhere? that's not america. we have less attacks like this than any relevant place
let in christians hindus jews who are dying to be let in
awesome! thrilling, isn't it!
- it was my second time with &amp; i am already looking forward to the next one when i buy another :-)
pelham parkway is the worst
i'm still sitting here boo, and the without traffic it would still take me 10-15 mins so i guess i'm not making it to my 9am
i knew that
sureeee you did
how lovely.
many now sure to join the rank and file of the unemployed. ;)
what basket ya suppose ahmad khan rahami is in?
ugh, shut the fuck up you trolls.
it's such a mystery.
taco tuesday should fix that
join me this thurs sept.22 at 9:30pmest/8:30pmcst for discussing the art of filmmaking!
this will be awesome!
final score 24-31 not too shabby considering.
if that third string quarterback wasn't in there, this one was a blowout. but he was efficient for new england.
you mean the one which starts tomorrow? ;)
oh my bad lol. i know a couple of photographers who have already been there for a while
coexistence between ottoman christians, jews and muslims was probably a product of pragmatism, mixed with mutual distrust and outright hate.
yes. those periods of coexistence that we now admire had a lot of ugliness right under the surface
will "big " continue losing share to smaller players more attuned to desires?
"too big to feed?"
city tech lol
oh thought kbcc
have done more studying in the first couple of weeks in college than i did all of senior year
all of high school
just got woken up with an emergency blast of this. that's new
welcome to america.
that represents some 'journalists' here in brazil...
yup. everywhere.
he is north african. khan is afghani it's not race
check facts, please: as per &amp; : suspect is . , , suspect is .
deep house heaven awaits with dj ken walker with blow ya speakers 6-7pm gmt - its friday on
excellent tune kadondo
been an amazing 3 months with this amazing girl
sorry i fell asleep before i could tell you very happy 3 months thanks for spending it with me
its not you... its my period.
it's cool. i'm not going anywhere.
i missed my flight due to your inexperienced workers.broken printer and clueless agent. 40min to check on
im filming in l.a. .will arrive late on set,paramount studios is freaking out on me,and my 9month old baby has been up since 3am
who's better spittin fire?? remy or nicki
going with remy...
are they all running normal ?
my bad yeah, just giving out consistent "keep ya eyes open for bag" warnings
muslim court ok with kicking woman in face for wearing shorts via pamela geller - a muslim man who ...
these are animals we can't have these people in our country
cause your way is working. student visas? those were 9/11 attackers mo. nice! let em all in chris!!!
chris is a problem thinks he's right w everything shouldn't be on cnn
are your settings on? lol
lol, they are! i checked. :(
yup, it's gonna be like that all day.
i'm here all damn night. praying to leave out of here without issues tonight
i can't get into one piece the animation looks to blaaah for me
i think claymores might be the goat anime tho. still pray to the anime gods they do a new season
kkkkkkkkkk inacreditvel o que esses ptistas so capazes....they should be locked away only for that
no no. dont ever do that. that would give them a reason to hate you.
vadadustat, a novel oral hif stabilizer, provides effective anemia treatment in nondialysis-dependent ckd $akba
good news. should assist progress toward eu partnership. $akba
what an incredible gig, download the hp lounge app to check out all the highlights
i want this app!
deep house heaven awaits with dj ken walker with blow ya speakers 6-7pm gmt - its friday on
brand new tune
with everything that's been going on with me recently, mainlining carbs. fitbit can't cope with buttered potato scone habit
i do find that to be the main problem - staying within the calorie limits. (will email later)
welcome, alberto! thanks for the follow! we have goodies! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" now:
thanks for the rt &amp; , alberto! we have goodies for you! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" at
i hope i don't have to wait 20 years! i want to go now (not happening). what was your favorite part?
so much. catching up with old profs... seeing the new studio... waer... dome.... faegan's.
my bad yeah, just giving out consistent "keep ya eyes open for bag" warnings
oh okay thanks i'll be taking the train soon smh
i was just pissed yesterday my raiders lost so i took it out on u guys but good luck natsvs mets nlcs
fair enough. hope you have a better day.
kkkkkkkkkk inacreditvel o que esses ptistas so capazes....they should be locked away only for that
when insurgents fought the us government led by george washington, he beat them to a pulp w/ army, then...forgave. no arrests.
"can i kiss your shoulder?" what?? what??? lawd this chick is danielle's mini me.
i was thinking the same thing. so needy and unattractive
i would just look for another route! that's what i did
well it's either pelham parkways or the cross bronx to go towards manhattan to whip back around to lehman in the bronx so idk
is there evidence that low-information, untargeted push notifications help with any kind of crime? seems they're more optimized for panic.
a cartoon moral compass will s its dh at me were i to mute amber alerts, but that damn foghorn's inspired every1 i know to do so
. wrote for us about what millennials have taught her during this election:
we'll hold accountable 4 rigging the primary by not letting win this election.
waking up at 6:45 to go to work is almost as bad as waking up for school
bitch some days i gotta be to work at 7
i would just look for another route! that's what i did
i'm fucked either way
on my way for a few chill days in new york.
i'm here now (in chelsea) and it's pretty quiet
yup, you're right. doesn't want you to be safe!
lmaooooooo! i knew it!
hp ire md gary tierney on the new &amp; ire including market, partners &amp; of course
channel is all over it!
good morning! i hope that other cup of coffee is for me. i need a huge dose of caffeine.
non stop fresh brewed to help you get through your day.
a win means you win -- 87-cent coffee today for perks members in new england.
need to throw a few games so we can go back to free coffee please
deep house heaven awaits with dj ken walker with blow ya speakers 6-7pm gmt - its friday on
brand new tune
the pooh ride moves like no other ride. your cart basically dances from room to room, pointing you towards different details on each trip.
toldja it was the best. that's how the mansion in hk works too.
lmao damn this the new season of "the night of"
they about to retrial the whole thing lol
oh ha, try again: for next sci con: there is a small rocky planet around our nearest neighbor star.
at the speed of light, we'd arrive in a few yrs. at the speed of spacecrafts, we'd arrive in tens of 1000's of yrs. nano-crafts in decades.
kkkkkkkkkk inacreditvel o que esses ptistas so capazes....they should be locked away only for that
they soon learned that their government was not oppressive, as their thinking had it at the time. hence, the united states. ; )
i hope i don't have to wait 20 years! i want to go now (not happening). what was your favorite part?
actually my favorite moment: some current students walked past us and a girl goes "welcome back". i thanked her and told
my stepdad look like morris chestnut. lol so. theres that.
when leilani was a baby she used to always grab the brothers dvd and kiss it lol
yes he did. i didn't get over my 4 friends that died in iraq. never will
and you think donald trump is the guy who won't kill more of them?!
given the rise this year in anti-muslim violence, sending a random name to everyone's phone feels like bad judgment.
this encourages vigilante-ism. we live in a country that has due process.
this show used to be lit every morning
its on netflix! i repeat: its on netflix!!! :d
tattooed my best friends arm next to all insta famous tats but my crude name really "ties it together". speaks volumes
the point is nothing matters
nfl tiers: 1) pats 2) cardinals, steelers, panthers, broncos 3) seahawks, vikings, chiefs
jets are better than the vikings
i just set siri to an australian male. in case you were wondering what my love life is like.
in other words, more active than mine.
but all the experts told us immediately that there were no terror ties &amp; these were the acts of a "lone wolf."
a van full of men loaded with bomb-making stuff, stopped in nj...a cell, maybe?
if we just wanna worry, why not notifications about actual lethal dangers? "alert: uninspected gas mains &amp; decaying infrastructure abound."
honk honk u do not have the walk signal take a few steps back onto the sidewalk plz
the mayor of elizabeth new jersey says he is concerned for the safety of everyone after five more devices were found
where is bombama who caused this latest attack as payback for his illegal war? rememberer 9/16 he killed 9/17 payback on us
genuinely curious as to whether the first batch of round-ups will be based on arab descent or islamic religion.
we can't exactly "round up" every arab/muslim, nor should we. imo it's on peaceful muslims to out radicals.
i hope i don't have to wait 20 years! i want to go now (not happening). what was your favorite part?
her "enjoy every second you're on this campus... before you know it, 20 years will be gone." she laughed &amp; said she was.
good morning queen!
hope you had some quality rest this weekend! &lt;3
be safe out there!
thanks! i'll be fine.
ofcourse the suspect is muslim and of pakistani descent
they will report he's dead in a few hours. and just like that open shut case
you havent copped a ticket and its only r250? please get your life asap!!!!
please add him on list
he must b form
afghanistan i think i read. if these guys keep this up, hillary is going to have hard to defending them.
what happened to the man who was going to marry the filippino girl that was his daughter's age? was she able to escape?
"was she able to escape?" omg i'm dying hahaha
see how $gs is helping this cincinnati-based company to innovate
go die, thieves.
3 republican lights why should i even bother voting so stein gets 3.7 not 3.6%
hrc is as much republican lite as obama. i.e. not at all.
as someone poring over the news to make sure i'm safe to go to work, it's upsetting to see so much hate on social.
be safe rotimi - miss you!!
is currently experiencing departure delays between 31 mins and 45 mins due to tm initiatives:swap:wx
is currently experiencing departure delays between 1 hr, 16 mins and 1 hr, 30 mins due to tm initiatives:swap:wx
in this case - yes, yes you are allowed to have favourites!
awesome!! ;)
come check out our "fancied up" writing. we chose one piece to post but wrote 176 as a class!
so gorgeous! love your specific positive feedback!
i work in hr and i wish i could punish a lot of you in my office
sounds promising.
got this lazy prick to deal with mate.. not biting. watford are brilliant.
haha not done a days graft in his life
i watched a tv prog. about proposed laser powered craft to centuri b. is this likely in your opinion?
. yes, those would be the nano-scale spacecraft. very interesting idea. they could go 20% the speed of light, so ~ 60,000 km/s
you know how the old adage goes "fast, cheap or not blowing up in people's pockets. pick 2."
so many feels about this quote...
psychologists say is the 'shadow' of intelligence
we are just too smart for our own good
i think the both suck. i think trump will be moronic to iran. i think hillary
i think trump will bomb iran. for fun.
why did it take me this long to listen to rfs du soul?!?
dude..... rufus is amazing
awesome picture
i loved this view!!!!!
yep. we're islamophobic for no reason
we can't ban a specific set of people especially if there is a concern to the safety of americans!!
he must b form
unless some very famous muslim activist goes on tv every day to counter these guys, americans are going to view them as bad.
some more daily alerts from presumably the police. these seem to be pretty common in nyc then ...
. and they wake you up as well.
i'll bet it's trumpers with dank meme pepes
it's unbelievable you are so ignorant bombama caused this. you guys don't even read
sorry not to see you in miami ciao x
i am so bummed to miss this year. i had a conflict, and have to be in rome the same week. i'll see you next yr!
it's 2016. women deserve equal pay. add your name if you agree!
really? like your equal pay with bill his speeches earn more than yours!
how do you like the polls mika! tough day for you. it is going to get worse and culminate nov 8. enjoy
you are so horrible. hillary looked like she was asleep. probably still is. you will be upset on nov 8
probably doesn't help that i wear a backpack too...
this is worth a mirror pic
i can't fathom blind paying 3k for a con with no confirmed guests (or 3k for a con at all, tbh)!
it's typical for this type of event, using hype/hope to drive sales. but the value of guests isn't usually so uneven.
hey bri, how u doing today
lol i'm fine! i'm mad at your display name though lol
do. am vvv worried about you (us all) bcs trump...
i know. trying not to follow polls. at least we can come back to brexitland
probably doesn't help that i wear a backpack too...
as long as you have your lunch money...
i'm so sorry ily lets hang soon
love you tooo! and yes we have to, congrats on your new car btw
they did a eurobond a bit back ..
did you buy it?
i think the both suck. i think trump will be moronic to iran. i think hillary
"both suck" is not a particularly compelling argument when one is pbo's successor and one is george wallace on steroids.
should one live with the pressures of who their parents/family members are in society or that shouldn't affect their own doings?
brand new tune is awesome
it's been good. getting acclimated to all the paperwork. lol. not used to that.
ah yes paperwork. i hate it lol, but at the same time like it.
is a reason to !
you uplift, sean!
it's been good. getting acclimated to all the paperwork. lol. not used to that.
finally got my coffee
subtle points are often lost on simple people bent on smearing. trump campaign did that to me -twisting words.
you are now eating your words you did and still do the smearing
breaking: new york governor now says it looks like manhattan bombing could be act of terrorism with foreign connection.
man-is he freaking brilliant
i have two exams tomorrow, that should not be a thing. ugh, maths will be a struggle.
best of luck :)
how am i supposed to do any reporting when it's raining to hard and my covers make me feel so safe?
"residents in brooklyn stayed home today after vicious storms buffeted their homes, making it impossible to leave..."
meanwhile monster's inc did absolutely nothing for me. better than the california adventure ride but still kind of nothing.
yeah, i'm sure it was cute when it debuted with the interactivity but it just can't compare to a trackless ride.
normally my monday's are spent in brooklyn preparing for the week, in phone meetings, etc.
going to the city today in this gloomy weather &lt;
- when have ya'll not called obama racist? kind of a moot point, no?
ya'all is from north jersey. i "ain't" no hillbilly. so it's ok for a black man to be racist? double standard.
apparently its weird to ask the furniture sales guy if the couch would look good in my nudes
says who?!?
should one live with the pressures of who their parents/family members are in society or that shouldn't affect their own doings?
brand new tune star on itunes get your copy
subtle points are often lost on simple people bent on smearing. trump campaign did that to me -twisting words.
who are the simple people the basket of deplorable's ?
interesting... what are your thoughts on this?
it's one way of looking at it
i think maybe sadly that too. and iran should be our ally. they are moderating
and i assure you hillary is 1000000% more likely to work for peace with iran. and actually knows the issues. and where it is.
i'm confused are you for or against trump?
i'm for him. was being a smartass to lure leftists into dialogue. my bad
going to the city today in this gloomy weather &lt;
thankfully it's only a 2 hour meeting but in new york a 2 hour meeting is 5 hours of prep/travel
who plans to check out at the museum of jewish heritage?
--- congratulations--- btw are some cool folks
weekend fuckin flew by, now i get to work nearby where that bomb went off
lol i'm by canal st bro....... may god be with us
met the founder of remotec in dc last week. big business!
sad that it's necessary but robots can be replaced.
continue your twisting of facts. i was dem 50-yrs. you can't fool me dopey.
pay this fool no mind!
you mean fuck yesssssss
oh man, count me in 1000%.
his silence speaks volumes. rt "obama stays silent on nyc explosion but talks election"
monica-do you think obama received alert on his phone
i can't honestly argue trump is worse than w. w was the worst ever. see iran convo.
that's insane, and i certainly have no love for w. he wasn't courting open white supremacists for one.
.: "i will consider it a personal insult...to my legacy" if black voters don't turn out to vote in 2016.
no u corporate douchebag the tpp is an insult to your legacy. u &amp; michelle need to just go away&amp; accumulate your wealth
oh, i don't think we should. i think there's a very real scenario in which this happens in the next few years.
all that'd do is create more jihadists. it'd be a strategic blunder that terrorists would use to propagandize.
should one live with the pressures of who their parents/family members are in society or that shouldn't affect their own doings?
brand new tune
and no one thought of this before???
guess not, nor will i likely make any money off this genius notion.
my push notification said "see media for pic"
same, but then text/email (which you sign up for) had the link:
i like that cuomo is being honest, but
the un is shut down thousands of cops why didn't he mention that?
when you &amp;... nvm hahah thanks g
i take it back have a bad birthday gn
shock horror , it was a muslim
i trust will keep this piece of garbage and people like him out of the the .
what can we do?
go 2 learn how 2 can stop
it was great to finally meet you in class last week and looking forward to this semester and seeing what it has to offer!
awesome! see you later today!
this fridge is not magnetic and i am pissed
lol fam. got you one of those "2016" refrigerators smh
tv is better than movies for people who never want to leave the house.
tv is becoming obsolete....most people are on the internet anyway!
thanks for the retweet, grady! visit us for good books, photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music at
i'm grateful for your retweets, grady! we have goodies! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" at
love this artist plz check her out! plz help
thanks! and yes, is an amazing charity bringing drinking water to coffee growing communities. support!
this makes me uncomfortable, and i'm going to need a bit to figure out how to articulate what exactly makes me uncomfortable about it.
incites panic. i hate it.
they are accepting other customers but have told you that you can't board? what is the flight number?
on flight 233 now..sitting on tarmac25min,upset since 550am flight promptly closed doors 530 am in my face
but russia. for some reason she thinks it's fine to stoke russia. it isn't.
trump is stroking putin.
lmao me fraid fa go in the city see...nice twitcon btw
i'm trying to figure out why and where me a go! lol thanks love x
large explosion in new jersey near transit station.
first to be banned is he caused this friday! zero accountability
italian photographer trampled to death by in ! via
guess the ivory necklace was a mistake. smelled like mother.
trump to hitler is trending... adolf hitler is a failed socialist who blamed everything on ethnicities he deemed privileged. nope not trump.
what sounds a lot like hitler ? oismariecharlesfourier (get the word out on who he is)
i'm making soccer pants and rain boots a fashion trend
never going to be a trend
i can deal w/ 2hr train delays on way to , but no coffee since 5am? that is not !
we look forward to seeing you
lax bound missed flight closed gate in my face 15min before departing.all attitude.with baby in hand. they suck
.this flight still allowing pple to board??? really??
before you even know yourself?
why can't you have any feelings you want to have without changing your perfect, beautiful body?
tagged by (u look so smol here) not my fave picture but the one i just took lmao ew
omfgshgx sooo fucking cute! the first time tony's "smol "
should one live with the pressures of who their parents/family members are in society or that shouldn't affect their own doings?
brand new tune
i want to design an app
yes, we can certainly help you in designing your dream app.our pf email to leads.com
whoa, that looks amazing! is that your go-to dish there?
yes, it's mine and about a million other people's go-to dish. they grill a lot of chickens every day.
donald trump has no fucking clue what to do to defeat isis.
he has no fucking clue how to do anything. that's why he lies and lies and lies.
coming into work on monday when the are 2-0!
all day everyday!
all that'd do is create more jihadists. it'd be a strategic blunder that terrorists would use to propagandize.
the only thing capable of stopping radical islamic fundamentalism is normal peace loving muslims. the us can't.
tim kaine accuses trump of inciting violence. then says "i'd like to punch the guy in the face". can't make this up!
he's a very confused man
perhaps you could share this with the people complaining about rogers place prices... (la rams game)
exactly. at least downtown there is more competition, but anti-parking lot sentiments may erode that over time.
forever falling asleep while doing homework
that's hardcore!
florida poll (nyt upshot/siena) clinton 41% trump 40% ** whites: trump up 51-30% blacks: clinton up 82-4% hispanics: clinton up 61-21%
not credible poll-can't locate sample back up so it is rigged false poll
this ios 10 is really working well iphones are state instruments now your movements are traced
it worked on a huawei as well.
but russia. for some reason she thinks it's fine to stoke russia. it isn't.
forgive me if i think a former ny senator and sos knows more about foreign policy than a non-voting dude on the internet. which is..
help with an app would anyone mind helping me develop an app i thought up please?
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app. our pf email to leads.com
praying for the victims of the bombings, their families, and loved ones.
thankfully &amp; amazingly no fatalities. by the grace of god
is it out of the cards for irsay to get rid of pagano after this year?
no. i was told by someone i trust that he could buy them out. question is, can the owner admit a mistake so soon?
stay safe out there today erica
thank you will do
it did not even consider wakefield's role in the matter.
except in 2 places. par 16, it said "purpose was undoubtedly research"
which is honestly my kind of party.
(also holy shit, wifey got married a year ago.)
debating to pay for my daughter college or buy her a franchise instead. crazy thing is a franchise will cost less.
you look into state school? something without a dorm?
ty bby. lol y u up so early? are you trying to gym right now?
i would never be able to wake up this early to gym lol. i'm omw back to la!
it would be a horrifying return to the worst of our history, but that's where we're headed.
i don't think it could happen in this day and age of instant coverage via social media. people would rise up.
rnc chair making threats to those who won't get on the train. and trump on fox talks about the pledge that he broke in march.
and the idiots on fox won't challenge him on it
it's not economic anxiety
always been about racism
"oh the bean-bag gun! of course! but that was classically written, in the script. how can you not love that?!"
when is the interview out..
i will not cry over mcs i will not cry over mcs i will not cry over mcs i will not cry over mcs i will not cry over mcs i will not cry over
i cried in the middle of traffic this morning
your podcast is disney xxx?
noo lol its spoken as "disney times 3" not disney triple x after hour special with sal the host
fully just want to stay in bed
good morning lilo pillow
all westbound and southbound amtrak and new jersey transit trains are being held at penn station as a result of incident in elizabeth, nj
any info on northbound amtrak service thru ny penn?
cheryl miles: here's my saturday selfie with the real rio. taken at amber lounge after the f1 qualifiers. on...
brand new tune
forgive me if i think a former ny senator and sos knows more about foreign policy than a non-voting dude on the internet. which is..
...not to say i agree with her every decision. but come on. she's not just making this shit up. she's looking at the facts.
is there a history of ny ferries you recommend with technology emphasis ? "over and back.." by cudahy?
cudahy is the definitive account of vessel history but only goes to 1990.
cheryl miles: here's my saturday selfie with the real rio. taken at amber lounge after the f1 qualifiers. on...
brand new tune star on itunes
this explores reasons for self-destructive behavior in our society. by
that image freaks me out!
thyat won't happen; trump will be next potus
from your lips to god's ears, i pray every day trump wins
they are accepting other customers but have told you that you can't board? what is the flight number?
why is this flight waiting and paging missing people,while the earlier flight literally closed doors in my face?
ok. people are insane. from beyonc fans, to bitter israeli mothers. the vile hypocrisy around is just too much.
don't log back on
seven ways the clinton foundation failed to meet its transparency promises
believe it she started all signing the deal with un and oic the public needs to know this!
old js frameworks led the way to new standards, such as queryselectorall. what does the current crop of frameworks do in this regard?
i think that now we are talking about web components, js module loading, observables
un summit this week, all world leaders here, gotta leave for your commute 30 minutes early all week
long as i'm safe, i'll leave whenever helps
hey trump to hitler cretins: do you put your kids in stalinist youth camps?
youth camps? like the that attended &amp; feminist/socialist media completely ignored it's a fact
spacing okay, but a lack of passes between vidal &amp; sanchez catches the eye. also no passes among forwards.
sanches linked up poorly last gm with as well. i think it is a semi-significant issue w him that he needs to work on
received a card today with a super stamp
a pleasure seeing it, now you can share our message one step further!
if were here maybe things would have been different. alas.
things woulda just been lamer, more poorly dressed.
has actually announced what their nec schedule modifications for today are yet? or is this just an "expect delays" thing?
just residual, i'm on 2151 no delays so far
how is it up there?
thought i'd see at least some police at the stations but i haven't?
...not to say i agree with her every decision. but come on. she's not just making this shit up. she's looking at the facts.
and maybe we don't like the conclusions she comes to, but she's not just spinning a wheel and bombing countries.
why is josh earnest talking about "lone wolves"?
duh. same reason mayor duhblasee-o refused to call obvious terrorism by its name. guts the 4 more years of obama narrative.
it did not even consider wakefield's role in the matter.
par. 159, it said okay to trust wakefield to correct misleading statement.
. yes. i remember people being absolutely hype for sonic spinball and mario paint.
for mario paint, it was all about that fly swatting mini game!
phone alerts were originally intended to be like emergency alert system, mostly for weather. they're good at that:
anecdotally i turned off emergency alerts when the nws was spamming me about moderate rain in ct. we get it nws there are puddles
problem is that this is likely first of many attacks to come in next 2 months. isis &amp; putin would love a trump win
yup, that is the fear.
ahhhh wish i could be at my radio!!
listen on demand!
both the videos and cell phones used as power sources/timers in all three devices led officials to ahmad khan rahami
thmart really thmart
don't think i've heard mention of a vuvuzela in, like, years.
the noise stays with you.
he thought god talked to him. started iraq for family feud. patriot act. torture. nsa. global fin crisis. 911. worst
i'm well aware of w's phenomenal failures thanks. i think he will look like fdr compared to trump.
can't stop watching this!...mwah!
love this - happy birthday michael. xo
's july data edge toward recovery. what could hold it back? spending cuts -&gt; higher utility tariffs -&gt; high inflation -&gt; no rate cuts
fed hike can hold it back, from portfolio flow perspective. im talking to some ceos. they are cautiously optimistic.
shove it. you cheated bernie and went against the will of millennials
that is not true and bernie supports hillary and they will work together. don't be hateful
walked past you guys today picking up a flatbed from independent. ya'll seemed v. focused :)
it is indeed that time of year.
good that the distracted us from . america needed a rich people party to show us what's important.
that's the whole dnc actually better than all of us looking down on deplorables cause they are despicable
looking forward to hearing from 3 inspirational women today at the summit: , &amp;
thanks ! so honored to be seen in sa!
trump calls for profiling of people "from that part of the world" after attacks
let's ask khizr khan about that.
anyone noticed how instagram shows you the comment someone you follow commented on another photo? do i make sense? lol
yesssss katy perrys comments on orlando blooms pics are the best
what's wrong with our white brothers and sisters?! geez!
for black people things have never been better in the us as a whole. not so for them.
i suppose the system doesn't support multimedia, so seems reasonable to tell people a photo is available
i guess but i imagine people would just look online or at the news anyway.
its not terror attacks that help trump, but the dumbassery that comes from the mouths of democrats after terror attacks that helps trump.
thats b/c dems are dumbasses
very deep stance 3-4-3 by barcelona. didn't see the match, but were their big chances counter attacks?
to call them counter-attacks is a bit demeaning, they were works of art, quick-hitting, free-flowing walk the ball into the goal
yeah i do, but it doesn't take long to determine if something was a terror attack. dems are under orders to not use the word .
again, where are you getting this info from? perhaps certain officials and people are saying that,but quit generalizing. m.o
bothers me that he's not locking down top wrs as advertised. he will lock down others but we need him against elite
he needs help up top, need to play cover 2
amber alerts on smartphones always seems like something from a dystopian future.
not to mention mostly useless...
thanks for the follow but sorry i consider the never trumpers like you to be enemies
you can visit him in jail.
cheryl miles: here's my saturday selfie with the real rio. taken at amber lounge after the f1 qualifiers. on...
brand new tune
ordered me a dress two months ago and it never arrived, i've had things delivered from europe arrive faster.
find the dress. or send another one. i emailed them and have not responded
but it's raining
it's raining here and i look great so no excuses
you already have one
my cat is in fl i moved to ny so i don't have one living with me anymore :(
nothing worthwhile is easy.
sucking up to the boss again stephen-how utterly pathetic
okay you won an emmy and good for you but let's not get ahead of ourselves.
why doesn't someone just build scanning for double-escaped entities into the templating system?
that's messed up! try lyft next time &amp; get $50 in credits w/code dale96 enjoy!
hey! thanks but that code is only valid for new users
as predicted: multiple bombings in ny and nj yet and mika still talking birtherism. good grief.
trump's birtherism isn't over since he perpetuated another lie 2 blame
congrats on making it out alive i successfully made it out of navy bootcamp graduated last friday where are u going for ait
thank you! congratulations to you too! my whole family is navy! i'm going to fort lee virginia
do terrorist attacks need to involve politics? why can't people bomb something for the fuck of it?
they can. but that's not defined as terrorism.
opinion: the danger of populists befriending putin
it's a tiny world we need stronger allie's
cheryl miles: here's my saturday selfie with the real rio. taken at amber lounge after the f1 qualifiers. on...
brand new tune
'bridgegate' trial begins in new jersey three years after scandal
the joy of plausible denial.
trump is hitler! of course we should compare trump to hitler.
trump to hitler? who created the word feminism? compare oismariecharlesfourier
saturday night islamic terror stabbings in minnesota
obama &amp; hillary want to bring more in
part of the clinical investigation process and not done just
in most cases he just said the gmc did not determine intent.
good morning. there was one d train which went local. ^jp
there were two in a row. would have waited for third but would have been even more late.
we all have our opinions as to who is pulling the strings on these "bombings" but truth is, they are indeed happening. so be aware.
so much ignorance on here about this just keep your eyes open and stfu
and there i was thinkin' it musta been george bush planting ied's for his oil thirsty cronies at halliburton, but it was "ahmad khan rahami"
isnt that dick cheney's middle name
there's a media responsibility to express the gravity of a situation while not taking the lead in fanning the flames of hysteria.
hi have you met the 2016 media?
: a pour la fashion week?
the chairs look like ladyfingers
first unfortunate side effect of using the 3.5mm to lightning dongle...inline playback controls don't work :(
i've heard some people report it powers down when the screen is off for a certain amount of time, have you had that issue?
that's also irrelevant - paper was not part of any research protocol.
did research without ethics approval. very relevant.
depends whom you want to impress
obama &amp; hillary want to bring more in
my peoples in nyc, god bless,
thanks bro!
. 4's campaign mixes guns and gore with storytelling and atmosphere.
didn't see that coming
hmm, the inline controls began working part way through this train ride. \_()_/
needed to warm up ;)
having some craxy app startup idea .. any app developers around??
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app. our pf email to leads.com
pro-tip: if you see someone who looks like this, don't worry about racial profiling, just call the cops.
i think i'm being targeted
that's also irrelevant - paper was not part of any research protocol.
also relevant that included false statement in paper.
8:02 am: gonna write 10 pages today! 8:24 am: gonna at least open a word doc today! 8:43 am: [seventeen open wikipedia tabs]
welcome to my world. good luck with the writing today!
fbi wanted posted for ahmad rahami, 28, born in afghanistan, considered armed and dangerous
remind us that hillary clinton was insistent that these weren't bombings.
yay! so dinner soon???? i can swipe you.
omg yesssss i would gladly love to go to dinner
ahmad khan rahami o what a surprise he is from afghanistan,as always liberals it's a muslim.
why is everything liberal vs. so-called conservative can't we just catch the terrorist instead of trying to be divisive.
'controlla (cover)' by -
brand new tune
'controlla (cover)' by -
brand new tune
i heard they were trying to take down that brownstone
it's a national landmark so idk if they can take it down? i think it's more so who owns it and what to do with the space
i understand and again i apologize for the trouble. what location was this? ^rm
yorktown, ny. on crompond rd.
it's not an iphone alert system, it's an emergency alert on *all* phones. usually for amber alerts
had it ever been used for something other than an amber alert or extreme weather?
hillary thinks conservatives are deplorable trump thinks terrorists like ahmad khan rahami, are deplorable!
and you i pray don't think too often. some folks are just not so good at thinking
will be on at 7:02 a.m. enjoy.
should ask hillary clinton what specific laws she proposed/enacted to help black americans while senator.
malcolm roberts: breaking the laws of physics with each climate denying claim the moron is strong with this one.
check the deposits in his bank accounts and their sources
this was clinton's press release from the weekend "hillary clinton statement on apparent terrorist attacks"
let's hope that this election is won by responsible adults and not fearful juveniles.
in an interview soon? this is the 1 question that will impress a ceo. well, it might.
last time i did this my ceo question was "what's the exit and when do you want it?"
stop talking to folks that have their headphones in (read: me) in the morning.
*fixed. rt stop talking to folks in the morning.
'controlla (cover)' by -
brand new tune star on itunes
no she's republican light. but the russia stuff gives me pause. not vote for trump pause. just not vote when they all suck
she isn't republican anything by any rational measure.
fuck that's funny
did it make you jump too? thought with the rain it was a tornado.. lulz
yes. just seem to freak a bunch of people out at the same time
on sat night, twitter was almost an hour ahead of the alert and if you were close enough for it to be a problem you knew anyway
these are trumps pplthis will be trumpshe crushes his enemies,looks like his brown shirts do sameracists only know how 2 destroy
sonny bono turning over his grave knowing that cher is supporting crooked hillary. his spirit voting for trump
have neglected americans in schools, jobs and their lives--mrs. clinton just wants their vote. try mr. .
we believe you bc we didn't see what the gop has done in cong in the last 7.5 yrs.
i wouldn't be surprised dude.
sent u a message habibi
need to reserve time in my week to cry so it doesn't sneak up on me so bad
i write it in my schedule once a week
celebrities who compare "trump to hitler", place ahmad khan rahami and dahir adan's rights...above your safety as an american citizen! vote!
trump is comparable to hitler but that's besides the point let's catch this terrorist today.
chargers face some competition in scramble to pick up a running back.
chargers have the edge in waivers, maybe toby g or ronnie hillman!? please sign whitner
oh, the podcast shall persist! the tv show is like the mcrib: limited time offer, unusual shape, saucy
i love you and dana but you got to be less biased, don't cherry pick polls 405, having cnn-abc-cbs as legit far fetched!!
exactly what he is thinking about
if trump wins ohio without vote of then kasich becomes irrelevant, traitor to party. no legacy.
good morning, have a great week
thanks! you have a great week as well
no, he's a born u.s. citizen just like you.
ur point if you haven't been paying attention this is the problem let more in -breed them!
wanna trade? no rain for 9? 10? months? :(
we need ot bad here too. not as bad as you i'm sure, but whole state was in drought mode.
was at burdock &amp; co. with two nights ago for dinner. it's _real_ good.
food: 2nd'd burdock &amp; co. best meal in vancouver by far. also: vij's, phnom penh, and annalena. for coffee: revolver
same here. they're fantastic
i think you were the one that first recommended them to me. thanks. makes life allot more normal again!
some mentally deranged person blew up a dumpster &amp; now nyc media is making ny and nj bigger target 4 real players. when will u say "enough"?
mentally deranged and well educated in islam
wishing you all a most fruitful new session, from all of us at !
looks like an amazing school, g. wow!
cherry-picking hi-balance student loans of hi-income borrowers, made possible by outrageously stupid federal rates
what's the criticism? that is not a more sophisticated lender? is there an advantage to their tying up more tax$?
'controlla (cover)' by -
brand new tune
our director is at the un summit on refugees today in new york we support from london
thank you i am so proud to be speaking out for all our members migrants&amp;refugees.
is any american out there actually afraid of a dumpster bomb right now? i think most of us are more afraid of monday tbh
as someone who frequents our towns dumpsters, i live in constant fear.
breaking: newly-released benghazi emails lead directly to the top... obama. via
yea their house of cards collapsed just now.
.: "in new york, we're getting back to normal."
this guy's one liners are pathetic
donald trump reacts to ny, nj bombings: i think this "will happen perhaps more and more throughout the country"
u2 r deplorable backing clinton.she&amp;her daughter hve armed guards my kids ride subway unprotected
was at burdock &amp; co. with two nights ago for dinner. it's _real_ good.
stay: i like renting a house or apartment in kitsilano. best of the best vancouver vibe and convenient to everything.
a large explosion in nyc on a saturday night. reasonable to think, that's something a terrorist would want to do!
exactly. but calling it a bomb or terrorism undercuts obama and ergo hillary, and we can have that now can we?
there used to be a small business column in the nyt that was great. but it's finished.i've not come across anything else good.
just found this. not bad, but not amazing either.
saturday's attacks show that failed obama/hillary clinton polices won't keep us safe! i will make america safe again!
it's too late, they're already here :(
anyone could see that was not trying to taunt the raven db. roger goodell should suspend that officiating crew
that was an absolutely terrible call. not a browns fan neither.
so i took a whole 30 min train ride to school only for the block to be closed bc of the bombs this weekend and police and the news
i was ready to learn and my mom told me to come back home
so we can assume there are two more apprentices, like the last 3?
yes but im always the apprentice somehow its just how it always ends up
who's going to orlando?
probably me to be honest
another fashion show, another church.
a symbol of the mood?
breaking: jeff fisher gets a lifetime contract extension from the idiot rams because he won yesterday.
they pay him just to play well against the seahawks
we'll hold accountable 4 rigging the primary by not letting win this election.
"i need you to work with me, keep fighting for what you believe, hold me accountable." - : ok then
reunited with my boo
'til our next photo shoot again
too often dems refuse to use the word terror. happens again &amp; again . staying ignorant is a choice &amp; they're choosing to do so.
i think the ignorance is coming from , you can't be naive. psychological maturity is #. anlyz sits. before commenting.
i'm about to head back from eu. drinks this week?
sounds good. im here till i head to seattle on thurs night.
yes. all true. they lied about it saturday night. and through sunday.
there are reasons why we don't need to know everything immediately. yes?
.: this week, we will have the greatest security presence ever established in this state
what a dolt
the worst is ppl who are talking shit about cops.these r the same ppl who r trying there best to protect us
i agree but the media has people believe all cops are the same.
apple's decision to remove the headphone jack shouldn't be called bravery-it was progress
i want my headphone
i had the same thought and honestly prayed things would at least keep quiet through elections.
man... t_ump is gonna have a field day with this ..
this is a beautiful piece for an incredible woman !
. thank you!
is any american out there actually afraid of a dumpster bomb right now? i think most of us are more afraid of monday tbh
at this point in the election cycle, i'm immune to any sort of dumpster or bin experiencing combustion or explosion
if media covered his two rico cases and his two rape trials at all i would agree with you
in what world is trump university not being covered?
make no mistake, a wave of jihadist terrorist attacks at home will mar obama's reputation (deservedly) while helping trump (undeservedly).
can we please stop using the word "jihadist" it's hillary's phrase, like there's moderated jihadists &amp;extreme ones.
"why do u think you're single"
that is you
i was going to say, hacking the answers should get you an a+.
haha yes. for "creative thinking"
stick up your ass,, false flag
lol. i struck a nerve.
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
truly believe that you are the only one who can and is willing to turn it around!
ahmad khan rahami comes from a country where 79% of the population supports the death penalty for leaving islam
ohh, ok thanks for this fun fact.
the biggest loser? donald trump. sad!
the american people will be the biggest losers if they allow this con artist anywhere near the white house. mr. bait/switch.
i do miss the sal news
i love talking news especially disney news.
boo people, but congrats to you and your family!
haha thanks :)
gut reaction...gary johnson is less presidential than trump in a moment like this.
gary johnson looks more like the paint aisle guy at home depot. i bet he can really advise you on which semi-gloss to buy.
i know they pulled over suspects on belt pkwy last night but i'm on it rn and saw a large amount of cops driving towards the verrazano
some guy was pulled over a few minutes back, but it's weird, that was a lot of police vehicles.
. on nyc bomb: "today i believe we're going to find out that it was influenced by foreign forces."
of course, everyone but him and bully knew that yesterday
was at burdock &amp; co. with two nights ago for dinner. it's _real_ good.
do: nature is the thing! hike: drive up sunshine coast, or boat from granville island
why are we all acting like releasing information on known suspects is some crazy-ass new thing to do?
he's a "person of interest" and they could have handled this better.
how's the 'war on drugs' going in the u.s ?
there was never a war on drugs in the us. only police action. duterte is conducting a real war.
i got that alert too while getting ready this morning. scared the shit outta me.
dude yeah, and uber &amp; lyft are down...
u know i'm &amp; will watch my tonight ! !
why would choose a spokesperson who makes me think about sexual assault by atheletes?
if i was a relative of one of the children murdered at nice she'd be lucky to have any teeth left.
1 , i suppose it would be a better world, because you'd be in jail for knocking an..
a condescending douche with zero brains named ,
do your buddies here know you're a fraud, ?
u2 r deplorable backing clinton.she&amp;her daughter hve armed guards my kids ride subway unprotected
u call yrselves journalists u r nothing but puppets of clinton who doesn't even know how to solve
admiration, yes. but why call him a 'winner' he if didn't win? just patronising.
so what is the gold medal standard in journalism. have you got one yet ?? wht place did you finish at?
i think they're on netflix
thanks! i'll check
i agree. not even near the ceiling with another good sign being they have stopped beating themselves.
plus, i loved how the coaches and players didn't accept that their performance was good enough, even w/ a win.
funny how the alt -right will lose their minds to protect nyc, but could give two fucks about our values
what are they trying to protect, why care if nyc is attacked if you hate everything nyc stands for, didn't we do this ourselfs?
always nice to see a healthy police presence at the train station, on the lookout for suspicious narratives i imagine.
i just hope they are not profiling anyone, that would just be malicious.
did you note the address, bellevue, wa?
yes, i have no problem relocating for it
why don't you try just try and be objective ? give it a try. that's what journalism actually is.
well said -however he's been brainwashed beyond repair
no problem. they helped me a lot. huge difference
yeah.i always feared weekends with friends as i ate bad,&amp; by monday i was going through hell for a long time.thanks for the help
this week i'll be workin 9 days in a row, oh joy :-)
there's only 7 days in a week??
a trump victory is no longer the stuff of dark comedy. it's fair to ask: what would he truly be like as president?
everyone needs to vote hillary for america
thanks for the follow, covington! good luck! visit us for good music, books, great pics, ideas at
thanks for the , ashly! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down at
and he didn't warn anyone, what a jerk
paid a guy foundation money to do it.
as much fun as it is to see my kids faces when i tell them i get paid to do papercraft, i think ea could do better..
i agree, it's ridiculous; the fact you're doing that instead of your job is a sad waste.
. exclusive: says cast hates ; calls kelly "horrible" and "complete trash"
not surprised. its obvious kelly dodd has some mental illness.
if dak keeps playing well dak has to be the starter
giving us a chance to win, but we're 2-0 if romo plays
is it for the writing course?
no it's for my history class
are you serious? this is what you're worried about? cops getting free coffee as they protect americans?
the weirdos of the city are pussies and need to grab a gun not a latte
white house plans to accept at least 110,000 refugees in 2017
donald disagrees.
should have shown that passion on other issues
agreed, but all things considered he did a mostly terrific job
no, you didn't. you said something like "and thank god" or "rightly so". not all of your viewers are libs. let's agree to disagree
i am so sick of these right wing ppl telling everyone what the can say or not say. now an eye roll is off limits!
what do you wanna get?????
this lmao except two girls on one swing curly hair; my two sisters lmfao
1 , i suppose it would be a better world, because you'd be in jail for knocking an..
2..innocent woman's teeth out. so righteous.
is it politically correct to say this was a bomb, or will cnn chastise me?
does she care aboutand cnnyour nuts! shame on u
reince priebus: clinton's campaign was "definitely involved" in birtherism
unbelievable has certainly now lost their minds &amp; soul for the likes of trump.
there really needs to be a rule about talking politics at work, but then again i'm always the silent one sipping my coffee because..well..
no religion and no politics. absolutions in the work place.
chris coumo talks hillarys emails all day can't understand email systems in the white house sit at joy reids feet ..learn
hc emails show cover up foundations a fraud plain and simple
the whole debacle at chelsea was partly due to players turning against him, combined with the leaks removed most of his untouchable aura.
he should really consider being close with his players and quit calling them out when they screw up.
which station are you waiting at? ^jp
it took me 50 minutes to get from nostrand av to 34th street.
will u repost? dog walker lost my dog. last seen running north on rogers ave, towards empire
ah!!! thank you!!! also! report of dog barking in crate at 262 maple st. brooklyn for 4 days! pls investigate! 311clld
do i really want to be in manhattan?
rt : do i really want to be in manhattan?
the reference to a photo but lack of an actual photo (for me, at least) is what threw me
i don't think sending out stuff like this to people's phones helps, i don't take issue with releasing the guy's info
i like the "what the fuck did you just say to me?" one.
i like the other one, with the smiling. not enough smiling in author photos.
u call yrselves journalists u r nothing but puppets of clinton who doesn't even know how to solve
terrorist problem can't even name it u 2 knitpick at trump's words because she's weak candidate
will i ever make it into manhattan?
you're stuck too?
": refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming. lots young males, poorly vetted.
as usual you are spreading more lies
cousins alternates between stretches where he's mechanically sound, and stretches where parts of his body just rebel cutler w/o the arm.
issue with weaker armed qbs is that their instincts and mechanics need to be perfect on every snap.
at this point in the election cycle, i'm immune to any sort of dumpster or bin experiencing combustion or explosion
my worry at this point is that we have a flip phone. if terror threat seems to be in buf during day and roc overnight, that's why
not jst clothes but footwear also leg length &amp; foot size discrepancies, orthotic leg braces don't fit off shelf sneakers boots
all retailers should offer split sized footwear for does offer splitsized footwear? letusknow
they know someone bought me over 300,000 fake followers. and you say you area journalist lol.
*you* bought them. sad!
if media covered his two rico cases and his two rape trials at all i would agree with you
how much is their to report on the rape case? a single filing from an unnamed accuser that is over 30 years old
. this guy i saw on the jersey turnpike looks pretty shady--def not 100% white--possible terrorist??
when i pulled up he smelled terrible and was making some highly peculiar noises--plz look into this--thx
": he's the only candidate that will keep us safe!"
his hate speech incites violence he is the poster child for isis wake up
well, the terrorist suspect seems to be a millennial.
yes but we're stronger together. or something.
rip w.p. kinsella. even if you've seen field of dreams multiple times, it's worth reading shoeless joe--different but also delightful.
"son, if i'd only gotten to be a doctor for 5 minutes, now that would have been a tragedy." - doc graham in fod
cbs news censored the juiciest part of colin powell's sensational emails on bill and hillary clinton
when journalism openly disrespects the profession abandoning people to shield those in power, it can't be trusted
i like the "what the fuck did you just say to me?" one.
(which too often ends up with the pipe-and-elbow-patch look of "i take myself extremely seriously.")
when your babydaddy comes crawling back, just know it's because i turned him down
u not even like that b
, grazie, gracias, danka, merci, spoceba &amp; thanks for the , friends! we have music, books.
we value your &amp; your continuing support, folks! have a great week! visit us for some goodies!
can someone come into my life that is obsessed with me? i just need snuggles and love and i'll be the happiest girl ever
i can do all that
if media covered his two rico cases and his two rape trials at all i would agree with you
the rape accuser asked the case to be dismissed friday. i understand people want a smoking gun here. but not yet.
you guys i am wearing a scarf and a sweater and ankle booties today!!!
i'm also running late bc of an internal battle with myself as to whether or not it was too early for a scarf, but fall won fam
well, if you want to talk about men, the list gets much longer!!!
leftists don't care about the lives of white men - well,or anyone, really. won't get sympathy there
i never paid for a single folower in my life. correct the record, fake journalist .
numbers don't lie kiddo. enjoy the fake online persona you've paid for.
i'd travel to the depths of the underworld and battle dragons &amp; demons like the
thanks for your unique take on the contest, louis! you're officially in the running
good morning
morning britney
fresh out my morning sauna session
tryna sweat this cold away
fwiw i haven't received a single message about any of this and wouldn't know it happened if i didn't check
do you have alerts turned off on your phone? i was on the train and everyone's phone blew up with this.
"i need you to work with me, keep fighting for what you believe, hold me accountable." - : ok then
even knows what's wrong with the system, but keeps doing it anyway.
actually no, wanting strong borders and careful about who we bring here, is not like placing people in gas chambers.
hitler didn't campaign on gassing the jews but when he got power it happened.
you really think "knock the hell out of them" is a good answer? it's what any drunk uncle would say.
certain things are true even if a drunk uncle says it.
oh my god it's raining out and it's dark and relaxing and i'm wrapped like a burrito and i still have an hour to sleep, this is truly heaven
wow this is incredible. now i just need a stack of waffles
when journalism openly disrespects the profession abandoning people to shield those in power, it can't be trusted
the hacks that are allowing leftist to manipulate information to protect the establishment need to be exposed.
watch series 2 seems unavailable to pickup any where in ny. can it even be bought in the stores, when you walk-in..?
yup, was at the soho &amp; upper west side stores this sunday. no shipments since friday &amp; only 42mm sg aluminum in stock in soho.
my dad said "finally you'll cook now" but i really bought it to view the photos of how gorg you are
ugh i love her so much
yeah, think that. lots of young people want freedom of choice.
yup. they vote for bernie and more "european solutions". sign of change to come.
thanks for the follow, rob! good luck to you! visit us for good music, books, great photos, ideas at
i appreciate the , rob! visit us for good books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music at
i probably only travel to piscataway but if they go to we are in!
thanks, alex! we are huge fans of aruba too. we appreciate your entry. stay tuned!
thanks bro.
happiest of birthdays
how can i be out of coffee creamer on monday morning....this is a tragic situation
*sends u coffee beans, donuts, and gum*
oh i'm sure! everything is probably gonna be slow today. just be careful please! keep tweeting so we know you're ok.
thank you
if you want to know what fuels support for trump ...
new yorkers don't panic over a dumpster fire.
the only naive ones are the ones denying it's terrorism .
likewise to your fellow impetuous
it's down to americans to decide who they prefer but i think trump's going to win.
all the metrics say so too! cafepress' sales app maker says
i want to learn spanish, can you help?
i'm sorry but we specialize in teaching english as a second language
whole climate system is out of whack.
it's painfully obvious here. ocean used to be in the 50s into july. now it's 70s in june. screws up fish breeding, crabs, clams etc.
and she will never admit she is wrong. that is why she's on the side she's on.
in her defense, there are ppl far-left that are just as ignorant. just a shame that ppl don't have better grasp of history.
well, we support children anyway always have. and what they say is a long way from what they do. so we'll see
there almost no help for families in the us.
psh where were you for free drinks round 1?
lmfaaaaaoooo oh my god currently dying
happy birthday!!!
thank you
i didn't get the emergency alert and i'm feeling a lot of fomo about it
that makes no sense considering you're in new jersey
what a trainwreck. via
had her surrogates and shills bashing us all week and now the 180. it's almost hysterical how obvious it is.
emphasis on "narrative" is explicitly consistent with rationale for iran deal and other obama fp moves.
absolutely. we can just "talk" the terrorists out of bombing us. genius. pure genius.
thanks hun
anyone love!
wow food and liquor came out 10 years ago.
that album was so so so good man
update: investigators believe there are more people involved in ny bomb plot: two u.s. officials
at what point, do you think, will the broken pipeline be connected?
sorry to read that! what went wrong with the product? have you emailed our support team at team.com for assistance?
"this inconvenience will help us the improve our service and it wont happen to other customers." this is an insult!
biscoff spread is my favourite.
it's lovely but i'd rather have you with my biscuits
will u repost? dog walker lost my dog. last seen running north on rogers ave, towards empire
thank you!!
and your attempt to anger me, is weak at best.
my freely stated opinions are provocative to u?
it's about damn time! - won an emmy for . the emmys finally got something right!!!
hell to the yes!
liberals don't care who the terrorist is they just want white 1s they openly beg for it,isn't that fucking insane thought process
sir, you are insane get out of the basket it's all in your head. i saw no one screaming i hope it's a white terrorist.
this after party is off da chain!
free refills! but more importantly, do they have all the meats?
never paid for a follower in my life,. you are a fraud as a journalist .
this is your defense? get exposed as a fraud so call someone else one? the pee-wee herman defense
i said yesterday, just watch how fast they find people. it amazes me how they put these investigations together
and you were so right! what terrifies me is if orangeman gets hold of the apparatus. nothing but cronies &amp; idiots wb in charge
you got a solid squad tho lol
i need that lapras and dragonite though!
laith ashley!!!!!!
i clutch my pearls every time
they're just throwing those punctuation marks at us.
time to call up the grammar police reserves!
dude, if it does make it and this trait is genetic the tortoise will rule the world.....
hehe, truth! that guy is *active*
will u repost? dog walker lost my dog. last seen running north on rogers ave, towards empire
thank you!!
i'm just as shocked as you all that the bombers turned out to be muslim. shocked...
really? hillary isn't. she wants more muslims to come in.
she is the original. in 2008. do some "research."
and resist intelligence while you're at it. did god teach you to hate that much?
i think rogue is actually just tier 1.
wow 71.4%!!! batstone was great btw thanks for putting on the tournament; i hope you guys made some money.
progressive evangelicals: who we are and what we believe by
- i also had a lot of insightful help from on this one. that's why it's "share worthy."
fbi asks for assistance in locationg ahmad khan-rahami for ny/nj bombings considered armed and dangerous
who trims his beard? i'm guessing a professional
im sure he has heard you loud and clear my king lol
brand new tune star on itunes
still the best photo ever! where are you ?
best.pic.ever.
the crazy part is to the layman, kilmeade's questions appear to be pressing him for details! but they let him ramble.
indeed. his defaults are 1) anti-clinton talking points and 2) red meat for bigots. he hits them in order there.
the roxy? where in nyc is that?
manhattan .... just off canal street. right next to a subway too
people of every color are voting for trump because, idk, maybe they don't want to get allah fucking akbar stabbed while shopping for jeans
- trump talks a lot of shit, but he won't deliver as president. in the end they are relatively the same.
finally this dude gets a fair shot to come home
yo here is a mc u might want to talk about
hope ppl of ny and nj blame media 4 their targeting by terrorists. press became advertising agency 4 terrorists
this has got to be one of the dumbest things i've ever heard/read. i've been using the internet for many years
omfgshgx sooo fucking cute! the first time tony's "smol "
oh shit my bad "language" lmaooo
unless this was on descent? if so they needed to get down haha
we were climbing and they put them down!
nigga ain been on a plane since '06
lol my 9 year old brother knows it takes more than 3 hours
football fans show support for axed london club fabric
thx for posting this, dave. my fav club; not sure i've ever been more eager to donate to a cause.
mike wears a polo shirt every week!
this is true
boom! priebus warns kasich, bush, cruz - rnc may block future runs for lying, refusing to support trump
finally something
.my friend had to attend the 46th annual cbc foundation dinner gala w/obama no us anthem no american flags! sang the "black" national anthem
that shouldn't surprise anyone. f--king trader
we're back with episode 3! check it out! ft
is life giving in this sims focused episode! she talk sims and it's emerging culture, content creation and more!
shawn here we come
those seats
i don't need a defense. it's the truth. you are a failure as a journalist. correct the record .
correct what record? this is the record, guy. you're a fake.
"she gave me a smile i could feel in my hip pocket." raymond chandler
, oh, i get it i think. it was a smile he knew was going to cost him?
im sure he has heard you loud and clear my king lol
brand new tune
it's been so creepy today. i can't wait to get to work.
i got 2 more stops left smh
are all trains delayed / too crowded to function due to terrorism, or is it just the nq line? trying to plan an alternate route
i've been in transit for over an hour and still haven't left queens. i could have walked at a quicker pace.
half marathon mom breastfeeds while finishing the race - abc news||any time, anywhere you need: legal and beautiful
i think that's a hand pump not a baby. so possibly she's "breastpumping" not breastfeeding?
"sit down, shut up, and stop calling yourself lesbian." this is why drops the t.
like no you sit down and shut up
i love this weather
come over it's cuddling weather
good morning twitter calage
goood morning ! sous la pluie de new york
reasonably consistent is good... and, that qb's coaches need to work with weaknesses.strengths to optimize.
wrote a bit about that in a report i wrote last year. arm strength is a baseline trait, basically
finally found you! i watched this video about you back in 2014 and didn't know your name until now when it hit me.
thanks for the support
you attract what you think &amp; you receive what you believe. gordana biernat
i like this quote you receive what you believe.
first day of work today
get it brother
is that standard protocol?
no. i bet if he was white and christian it wouldn't have happened.
come on, cnn: let the reasons why ahmad khan rahami's terrorism isn't linked to terrorism begin.
lemon, again?! how much are they paying this guy to speak as though he has no ability to think?
ahmad khan rahami help the catch this terrorist he's with her
you soil the earth with so much hate one can only pray you don't have kids.
just got woken up with an emergency blast of this. that's new
ny also gets them for when they think it's going to rain heavily
not having a plan is far better than that idiotic one.
ok! sounds like trump may be your guy!
yea looks like someone shit in a shoebox
i couldn't find the toilet son
niggas still follow game on ig like he post anything other than dicks on his page. filthy
prob the only weirdos going to his shows and buying his music
oil supply is an indicator of the supply of oil.
that's why hc signed the agreement the oic with saudis pathetic!
im sure he has heard you loud and clear my king lol
brand new tune
just had my first venmo experience. banks might be weird here but venmo is cool
square cash ftw
i don't know why people have a thing about clowns. (courtesy )
"for the benefit of mr. wells, there will be a show at twelve...."
is the hip pocket the one in the front, or the back?!
, depends how hip you are. fashion forward, or retro?
bruh that shit will have you running around
bruh really tho i can't sit still haha
maybe read 1 out 50 comments on twitter anytime it's a terrorist attack.
ohh, on twitter ok 1 out of 50 comments that makes sense.
not jst clothes but footwear also leg length &amp; foot size discrepancies, orthotic leg braces don't fit off shelf sneakers boots
dress shoes for both girls &amp; boys/men &amp; women nearly impossible to find dress shoes 4 ppl w leg length differ
article request sent good sir!
thanks! psyched to be a part of wirehead!
especially right before a metro ride through the whole of manhattan, hitting all the major hubs.
looked at the photo before leaving but with me it's actually useless.
i've had it where you get the indication after speeding up and you gain a lot of altitude slowing to throw the gear
they said they had to put the gear down to cool down the brakes. very strange.
/ head-2-head poll: clinton 43 (tie) trump 43
hillary wins
for starters, you were originally the one i made cookies for. second, i still have cookies saved for you.
and i still have the ability to make popcorn for you. i'm happy now.
why is he on the song?
idk but i'm so disappointed lol
they are accepting other customers but have told you that you can't board? what is the flight number?
still sitting here.....all because i your pepple closed the door in my face
's only crime was to say "fuck off" to the . everything else is !!
the blitzkrieg was bullshit?
trust ! his homer pushes the lead to 2 over the sox as we head to the bottom of the 3rd.
yet it was still not enough...
coming from a porn stat stan lmao
i don't stan britney so idk what you talking about.
today is chemo day and it's the day i tweet a lot and i don't know what to do
good luck letty! hoping everything goes as smoothly as possible.
so glad to have met!! (ps - i need some style tips from you whenever you're free) =]
likewise! it was a pleasure to meet you as well! be sure to follow back and i'll be sharing tips. god bless you, will!
there certainly could be but that is very unlikely to be the reason the mayor and the governor couldn't call a spade a spade.
what was the reason then?
nc sup crt election could change ideological tilt. court has a 1-vote conservative majority.
conservative majority has "upheld redistricting maps found unconstitutional &amp; allowed state funds to be used for private school vouchers"
im sure he has heard you loud and clear my king lol
brand new tune
oil supply is an indicator of the supply of oil.
so tired of hc can't this be over already ??
thanks, jerry!
a horror lover's dream, your movie.
what necessitated this emergency?
i keep trying to make dinosaur pancakes and they keep looking like pregnant ducks.
harry good morning brotha! hope you have a great monday! make the most of it!
i will try to n you do the same!
true. all signed pledges; liars if they don't support trump &amp; honor their pledges to &amp; to the american people.
he will win inspite of them who are against the american people will not win
exactly what he is thinking about
a legacy of repudiating the democratic will of gop voters is a legacy of shame.
there are alleged photographs of the sasquatch. none for the alleged evolution of man from fish.
nor are there any for god, so....
they really gonna send me to work tomorrow in these unsafe streets!?
work from home willard
most of us would greatly prefer he become a newscaster. he is more cut out for that than leading the free world.
and we would have the choice to change the channel or not turn the tv on at all.
no idea cuz he def took me 6 hours
lmfao that's how long it takes everyone
bombs across new york and new jersey. quick question... where's our goddamn president? answer... hiding to downplay his failure.
last i recall, the local police work with the fbi and dhs to investigate these things. presidents don't.
that's why hc signed the agreement the oic with saudis pathetic!
she was probably instructed by barry to sign this the truth is under our nose
it was another gay attack: trash can bombers targeted nyc district with large lgbt population via
good muslim/bad muslim routine. mayor throws baseballs, jihadi throw bombs. sop.
season 4 is good but i find paige so annoying it's sometimes hard to watch.
she's written &amp; directed poorly... only part of the show that feels false. i know what theyre trying to do, it doesn't work
my biggest fear is 200k for a degree that ain't worth nothing. then she working for $15 an hour.
if it's any guide her on how toninvest in stocks, bonds and secure her finances with accounting tips
it's the same way african americans see africans, we are both black but you're less intelligent/exposed.
i think aas generally accept that africans are more intelligent or as they put it, 'book-smart', but less exposed, yes.
so, endorse hillary. that would be brave. you know you want it.
~ endorsing can send back a stronger message period!
you can't have a gun...to protect your babies from predators? where's the reason in that?
its okay, okie. i was trying to pull in leftists to read the links or tweets i'm rting.
this was me the other day. bitch kept trying to argue about the route like i'm the customer!!! my dollar my quarter!!!
dude for real i was like you can make a right here and he was like i know
praying for ny, yourself included
aw thank you love!
this obama's speech just proves that democrats treat black americans like they own them.
black voters should ask what real gains they've made due to obama. and what clinton did for them while senator!
on to brew number 2 with my brewing shirt on! ...
let's sample the goods with the microphone on.
yeah, they will keep warming up in the wheel well when they are that hot. did you have a long taxi? or was it a quick turn?
i was at lgb so very short taxi. plane came from jfk but landed 1.5 hours before we took off.
they are accepting other customers but have told you that you can't board? what is the flight number?
apparently 10.others where also refused on 550am fligjt,all while plane sat there for 20thereafter
shorts 'n all - our very own and made their live tv debut on this morning!
v neck day on set?
you are absolutely correct. you have the right to be an asshole.
you are a grown man who just called a complete stranger an asshole for not agreeing with his opinion.
was that the first ever verizon terror alert?
i received my first terror alert from sprint this morning. must be a thing now.
me too. i wanted him to do good this time.
this just further backs up my point that jadakiss won that battle lol
looked at the photo before leaving but with me it's actually useless.
asian, caucasian, does not matter. unless there is an emotionally fuelled relationship i can't 'recognise' people conclusively.
you can't have a gun...to protect your babies from predators? where's the reason in that?
your stuff is great and a help-if one of the tweets gets them to look/think before they block me, that's good enough for me
direct from an opera about ireland to the real deal. 2 hours to sleep before rehearsal with !
ay, sending rested vibes to the east.
yeah, they will keep warming up in the wheel well when they are that hot. did you have a long taxi? or was it a quick turn?
they were also having weight and balance issues. stand bys had to get off and they took a lot of luggage out took
yes, at 2:25 on this show referring to this article
as expected, just propaganda.
there are worse things.
i'll certainly agree with that sentiment ;^}
i told the boys im coming for your dabs and showing no mercy brother muhahaha
you're not ready!!!
regrets. there are delays in n/q service following an earlier incident at 59 st-lex. expect delays/crowding conditions. ^jp
on all trains or just the nqr? what about the 123 or 456?
not jst clothes but footwear also leg length &amp; foot size discrepancies, orthotic leg braces don't fit off shelf sneakers boots
offers it's bit expensive but blessing 4girls w leg / foot size length diffs
on my way to work riding the nyc subway representin' my squad not giving a shit! gameday!
where did you get the jersey with the captain logo on it that's awesome.
ideological. they cannot say islamic terror. and that was my larger point. if dems can't say it &amp; trump will, dems will lose.
gotcha. and agree.
up early for first day of filming. season 4 of for @ times square,...
are you going to hurricane bianca premiere tonight?
trump on fox about calling it a bomb: "i should be a newscaster because i called it before the news"
more and more trump sounds like a certain north korean dictator. what next, is he the best at basketball too?
good morning darren. hunters great gmom moved to hospice last night. doesn't look good. prayers.
good morning jon. so sorry to hear that sad. my heart &amp; thoughts are with little hunter.*prayers*
professional liar takes stand against fact-checking.
his poor kids have to deal with him in a daily bases
his silence speaks volumes. rt "obama stays silent on nyc explosion but talks election"
he status silent cuz this is what he wants for america. these are his folks. he's a muslim thru and thru
raiders do not have enough speed to play straight cover 1. nelson is slow and a downgrade
nelson always played cover 2 in cinci
can we get this as an emoji along with
this is amazing!
so , if u're in over ur heads, why wld anyone give u $? just give to the candidates directly.
"dark money" makes is sound like a scam. like i should be afraid of it.
"we are calling on mr. trump to disclose, in full, the nature of his business relationships overseas..."
at long last, news outlets doing their job.
on why hank paulson is voting for : "we need big, difficult structural reforms to get the economy going."
or he is just an idiot.
the man who put trump over the top.
good cop/bad cop. good muslim/bad muslim. mayor throws ball at mets game, jihad throws bombs. their sop.
i think needs a theme song.
lets be real,its just finns entrance theme
this is a sad statement on this election cycle.
opens curtain on deplorable campaign and how honorific our country will be if we elects this mad man
when does giuliani return as mayor?? :(
please, don't make me weep with the remembrance of that man.
be safe. fuck it bruh can't live in fear right. get your money
facts bro be safe. and get that cheddar lol
watching trump surrogates deny their guy talked about birtherism between 2011 &amp; today promptss me to re-up this ...
watching hillary surrogates attack trump for doing what they asked prompts me to look at polls and see their explanation.
good. stick win us. you will learn a lot more
when are u going to report positive news on trump? never
why do think hillary bleachbit her emails and literally hammered devices after getting subpoena?
cant answer u in 140 charater- try 2 follow these stories - they,re r thousands of them out there that have been ignored
i keep my headphones in and let classical music bump loud as fuck. that might not help you but...
lmao i actually do that but guess who left her headphones at home
is this even real?
yes google it it's everywhere! everything we know is a lie
i need to tell my boy this joke. heel laugh. rt" : when u suck her toes and u can taste defeat &gt;&gt;&gt;
everybody blocked
all done. asked my sister if she'd like some lunch. her reply: "i can't afford to take a whole day off work or restaurant lunches"...
you need to find some fellow retiree friends.
girrrll i've been on board!! lol
so i'll start house hunting?
at gallery:
i wish there was some berserk merch at tgs. :(
the man who put trump over the top.
it's confusing to enemies esp straight talk americans that one is throwing balls at mets game, other blowing us up. deliberate.
good morning family!! i don't know whether to be relieved or upset that the don't play today
lets just say we glad we are dealing with a massacre like we suffered last night. terrible series and leads that were not held
when does giuliani return as mayor?? :(
this bullshit would be way different if guiliani held office.
it was a great show, but i do hope we can all agree transparent being in the comedy category is complete nonsense
yep, same way they placed oitnb in that category. and 'the martian' as a musical/comedy at golden globes, ha.
the hbo opening sting is a real pavlovian starting pistol. what music do you automatically hear after it? me: sex &amp; the city.
definitely sopranos theme to me.
what do you do when the moderator intervenes, and is wrong, aiding one candidate? that's what happened in 2012.
have a set of fact checkers checking all info during the debates and getting backing to the moderator
andrea, apologies for the wait this morning. our agents are working hard to get you on your way. ^sw
mope. they were just yelling at people.
yet to be charged? or charged already?
already charged which i strongly denied and also issued a muzammat :p
hi! how do i signup to get $20 off??
thanks for reaching out. check out our refer-a-friend program here:
yuck rt : could you imagine a butt plug bluetooth speaker tho?
these wouldn't look half bad if they didn't look like they had acne all across the shoe
nbc news: law enforcement officials say that they are concerned that there may be an active terror cell in the ny/nj area w/
gee, ya think?
conway says, in essence, here that statements trump made before he ran shouldn't be taken into account:
are you taking into account all the vicious things hillary said about obama while campaigning against him? are you? be honest.
thank god these terrorists are stupid ...at least 5 bombs didnt go off ....and so far nobody was killed ....we have to profile stop pc
first step is infiltrate mosques and identify which are really training outposts for jihad. its the fairest and best way
we don't know that fish left the water yet so prove that first without req faith
mud skipper...you were saying?
what do you do when the moderator intervenes, and is wrong, aiding one candidate? that's what happened in 2012.
its not that hard to come up with a solution
got a new suitcase from ! idk what's better, the phone charger or the fact that my suitcase won't rip, again
thanks for sharing! have a great trip.
i just finished playing blackwell epiphany and i'm still crying...
you're welcome. i think.
thanks , hope you find it useful!
i absolutely do! very much looking forward to the event
i told the boys im coming for your dabs and showing no mercy brother muhahaha
i got you though bud... dabs on deck
it's laughable that theres more evidence for conspiracy theories like yeti than there is for alleged evolution
more laughable that u think that's true.
profiling works donald trump: time for law enforcement to start profiling radical muslims - breitbart
or deporting them
gigging? does this mean concerts ? vegas?
i'm hoping vegas . so exciting
"she gave me a smile i could feel in my hip pocket." raymond chandler
a little unorthodox, i suppose it gets the point across.
terrorist problem can't even name it u 2 knitpick at trump's words because she's weak candidate
. her response is no response cnn censored her 1st response where she said it was bombing-nazilike
somebody call hr! /cc
please tell me the actual article is about how companies think dumb perks like yoga make up for toxic work environments
can't tell if you're being sarcastic or...
yeah,he's just baiting for libs.
true that, i know it doesn't mean much to me but for businesses in general, will lose especially in that time.
i miss the sa public holiday calender.
he is crude, unsuited for higher office and unprepared but don't be surprised at his appeal when he says what the masses think.
not surprised. but disappointed.
police threaten to arrest ole miss students for waving state flag at football game [video]
stars and bars is a flag of treachery and sedition. flying it shows hatred of america. no other way to look at it.
i have this vision of you having to write something on a chalk board bart simpson style. :-)
i will not help little kids cheat. i will not help little kids cheat. i will not help little kids cheat. i will not help ......
help it's raining
welcome to the dumpster fire that is nyc.
when they arrest this idiot, they should bring him to a jets game and then just let the entire crowd seek justice
jet game may be punishment enough.
hmmm not sure. the soldiers who called us right after the bombing said 4 jets. they assumed all were american
maybe the uk gave intel and didn't actually participate in the ground attack? idk, just a thought.
is this the secret, built from scratch project out of seattle?
i wonder if it's what the former nebula engineers have been working on.
comedian-in-chief: jokes about isis on same day america gets bombed twice
he's the biggest joke. but he's not. he knows what he's doing. he's a pure muslim.
a delicious long read. the life and times of eve babitz
she's from brooklyn!
any way of getting in to an ipad when the owner (not me!) has forgotten the password?
no, by design, i think. it may be possible to access if plugged in to another mac device with the password remembered.
what days u off this week???
friday i'm off , i work monday &amp; tuesday &amp; wednesday &amp; thursday
this trump supporter claims he doesn't really mean it when he says he wants to deport 11 million "illegals."
considering there have been no detailed policies from him that's highly unlikely
none of the middle faces are real people, they were hallucinated by a computer
haha 'hallucinated', crazy!
can't tell if you're being sarcastic or...
my kid is a different race and a legal immigrant (3year process), yet i get called "racist" by leftists,constantly
rain and thunderstorms here in baltimore. have a wonderful day my friend
same here buddy. will do, thanks. you do the same my friend. happy monday :-)
i get no pixs with me but my girl is harmless ...ewww take your famous millionaire ass over there ewww!!
what is wrong with a pic with you, it's not like you are this terrible horrible person. you are in porn, who cares.
fish-ape-human evolution has never been observed or recorded or tested. unscientific bs
excet it has. dna also proves this. experiments have been run. read a book.
win welcome ! to celebrate, we're giving away this amaze teeth kit! like &amp; rt to win
to make your beautiful smiles even better!
report: philadelphia eagles planning mass show of disrespect before game... boycott
its getting so i don't even want to watch the nfl. you don't see that in baseball.
it is on screen full time. i have said it many times. stop looking for bs political advantage. wake up!
they've said his name numerous times.
love u hyan rarvey
love u big booty andrea
doesn't seem that difficult to properly categorize these things, was hoping for master of none to win that one, super funny show
i really dug it, too. louie for millennials
thank god. even u can see that humans evolving from fish is witchcraft and not science.
any proof of this god fellow by chance?
university fees to rise not more than 8%. effects of weak economy squeezing govt revenues. students also pressured by inflation. compromise?
they'd rather continue squeezing poor students than downsizing government, fighting corruption and eliminating waste? a#$@*&amp;%s!
home is where the parmegiana is
true, that's why we need to learn how to do it haha
the more forcefully trump lies, the more forcefully journalists must tell the truth, writes.
this is just one day. to think that the nyt's has accurately reported truth and politics in 2016 is laughable.
please start shipping to the netherlands. i need a carry-on, and will consider getting a really cheap one for now till you ship.
we're working on it! if you private message us your email address we'll add you to our shipping notification list.
asian, caucasian, does not matter. unless there is an emotionally fuelled relationship i can't 'recognise' people conclusively.
not due to any extreme variations in cognitive abilities. just pushing a lot of 'noise' out of my mind as a coping mechanism.
reshad jones and suh wasting away on this d with the talent around them
you mean lack of talent
i woke up before all the tweets.
my monday morning snooze was like: "waaaah, waaaah.... amber alert...this dudes a terrorist." now it's personal, terrorists.
she's flown half way round the world to provoke. she knows exactly what she's doing. i stand by what i said.
, she flew there for a vaca, but whatever.
you alright bud?
yup. thanks. crazy times though.
great! a bunch of us are going out for blizzcon too, we'll probably bump into you at some point.
this is such a casual conversation between internet pals
kohl's to hire over 69,000 workers this holiday season
so we celebrate the temp hires, but do we cover the layoffs? or is that not material? not agenda appropriate?
this europe trip is going to be classic(s) \_()_/
love it! thanks for sharing. have an amazing trip.
this after party is off da chain!
i'm sure your getting swamped with these tweets, but congratulations and keep up the amazing work!
hmm, must be the "co-pilots" fault on takeoff...i've had ca accuse me of riding the brakes on takeoff
aww, i wish was my fo.
8 bombs and counting, plus un week - going be interesting in nyc.
starting a freelance gig off times square. made it into building and heard they just stopped letting people onto the block
thanks for checking in! we are happy to have you. you can always tweet us if you need assistance ^kd
you're welcome
it's too early for this shit on a monday
i'm going to the game tomorrow lmk if you're there
changes: base 4-3 carrie for hayden allen at ss, kj at fs dan and jelly at dt blitz and attack
a 34 bear works as well.
emmy winner blasts trump as "inheritor to hitler": "he's a complete dangerous monster"
another one of hollywood's clueless actors who use a show for politics. not good.
had a dream that an angry dad with a thick new york accent stabbed me on my way back from getting chinese take-out. let rankings week begin.
take a hike bro
random marker contrast-y thingamajig i did when i needed a stylus break
that marker work is killer! your grey scale knowledge and technique is amazing really ties the piece and shows it off well
not due to any extreme variations in cognitive abilities. just pushing a lot of 'noise' out of my mind as a coping mechanism.
the amount of which was a lot higher a few years ago.
then i suggest you read up on terrorism in general. the news stations are playing us for fools and advert 4 terrorists.
i survived 9/11 &amp; lived many yrs in the neighborhood that kept getting blown up.i'm well-informed on this, not an armchair kook
you can't have a gun...to protect your babies from predators? where's the reason in that?
leftists(, too)are the real racists bc they target poor minorities for search&amp;seizure
. describing trumps attributes as biggly. lying is addictive, can make you look like a crack addict.
has lost all credibility. deplorable!
at least one bank strategist thinks a trump presidency would kickstart the us economy
they found one!
i didn't know that i was staving till i tasted you
this tweet is an embarrassment to fit education
and now apple wants to kill the dslr: could the iphone 7 plus kill dslr cameras? via
no, sensor size, lens size and optical/electronic viewfinder are all on the side of dslr/mirrorless cameras.
actually it's the salafi jihadists' phrase....read more, tweet less
actually it's relevance in 2016 was b/c hillary at 1 of the debates refused to say radical etc. &amp; use that phrase.
well sa gets more public holidays but most firms reduce the amount of leave. norm 1.5 days earned a month.
and the amount of leave you get in sa... much less is the norm here.
what would a fake relationship even be lol?
ok so you would be with someone but still do whatever you want. no obligation or restriction....it's like not a real relationship.
i say it a lot, but i love my floor.
you're in the perfect place:)
we definitely do not need another effing production of the glass menagerie. why does broadway trot this out every other year?
something something blue roses
missin' this prettygirl, bed-head and all.
i liked this picture on all social media and i still want to like it more
machine robo is good actually
read that as machico robo and
shit was a block away uber be like "the fastest rout"
he look like a finesser
indeed, they act as though they own something simply by slapping their name on it.
is the account legit? have they responded to you?
that's it, your real agenda,the jewish agenda! mexicans &amp; your cousins the arabs r rapists! &amp; duke is your real problem
as bebel put it, "anti-semitism is the socialism of fools". were you born this stupid or did it require study?
had a dream that an angry dad with a thick new york accent stabbed me on my way back from getting chinese take-out. let rankings week begin.
take a high bro
there is injustice going on 2wds by the tyrant president of nigerian de terrorist
there's unfortunaly huge injustice going on in many countries, need to tackle this thru citizen leadership!
maria bartoromo is making jim khalstrom a star. after all those years of standing &amp; saying nothing maria gets it out of him
a star in the dim universe of gop anti-hillary conspiracy nuts?
did you read it? it's bare metal. did they hire old softlayer engineers?
maybe? my understanding is the old nebula folks were not hired 2 work on openstack but some other oracle cloud tech.
see u in milan :-)
why r u so cool
on all trains or just the nqr? what about the 123 or 456?
i see you replying to others. why not my question? it's been 20 min.
asian, caucasian, does not matter. unless there is an emotionally fuelled relationship i can't 'recognise' people conclusively.
and by relationship i mean just sharing a laugh over something that didn't make me uncomfortable, anxious, or sad.
yes, it's raining, but pistachio croissant twists and hot coffee await!
please send some of those to my office, thanks.
i do not want a tech site commenting on politics regardless of who they support. no biggie, i'll go elsewhere for tech news.
i see you're an alt right nut...and now also a liar. hope you burn in hell for supporting this monster. cheers
good morning patt. we do need you to contact us at 1-800-347-3085 for assistance with your price protection claim. once you... 1/3
i understand but i'm asking if this can be fixed or not. everything else was provided, maybe they can find the claim
i miss you tons
miss you more hope you're having so much fun abroad!!
hrc will focus on millennial voters today in pa. why? she must rebuild obama's winning coalition via
i hope she also gets tough with terrorists today.
no problem! hope geekfest was a blast :-)
it was, thanks!
it's called objectivity. these accusations have long been popular. but have never seen supporting evidence.
he invaded for no security or national interest reason. that leaves personal motivation.
and many of the cars owned by people who live in big cities like nyc are used primarily to get out of the city every so often.
though, those people tend to have the disposable income, and so will be covered first to use them for that as well
first time this has happened on my phone except for amber alert unless anyone can think of another time
got one when sandy was coming...
antwan, your is appreciated! lorry's lens: central park. lorry captures its beauty. scroll down at
there you go again, antwan, being a good friend! thanks for the ! we have music, books, photos:
|the| giants |daily is out! |
morning from nyc, hope you're off to a good start.
my cousin in scotland gets 2.75 days a month :/
europe has it right.
comparing trump to hitler is so juvenile an act. everyone you liberals don't like is hitler.
i did nazi that coming
feelin it right now in traffic on my way to chelsea
forgot that the un is meeting this week also!
wanted for questioning in connection with the chelsea, nyc bombing. ahmad khan rahami, 28 years old, is wanted...
saw a similar looking man but w a totally bald head &amp; another man steal dark green suv from park &amp; 87th street at 130 am sunday
donald trump on manhattan bomb: 'i called it before the news' ... "i should be a newscaster" via
i'd rather donald (the con) trump as newscaster than trump as president.
bill de blasio: "this is a random string of numbers, not encrypted data."
that brings back an old question of mine. if encryption is illegal, is sending random data over a network also illegal?
the writer referred to fox 5, channel 11, and local nbc, abc, cbs affiliates as of 10pm last night. is ny1 one of those?
the tweet referred to "all local tv stations". ny1 is a local tv station.
apologize for what, trying to validate a very suspect document of concern
do you think that mccain &amp; romney were to stupid to check obama's eligibility?
sorry there's a clear pattern spanning decades. be objective, see candidates for who they are not the fairy tales they spin
lol, you aren't objective. you're repeating the media line on hillary. the fairy tale believer is you.
i want to know what this video is but i'm in class w/o headphones so i can't play any volume
they eat a pepper
yes, facts are on the run these days--and there's a steep cost to that.
thank you for your service in cutting through the malarkey of the republican's economic policies!
that's ok...i was going along for the ride...yeehaw!!
great responses.i do hope ppl start opening their eyes.we're actively targeted &amp;we only have each other-not the fed-to protect us
i don't understand why anyone would complain about surge pricing. it makes complete economic sense to use it.
if they enable surge pricing, drivers earn more money and are more incentivized to work, increasing supply, making it easier to get a ride.
whole word are w supremacists. it's why we can't keep them out of our countries and towns. reality is racist kid. grow up
lol, i appear to have touched a nerve :-)
rt : : top engagers!
good monday all!
color us not surprised
still holding out hope it's due to a revelation and there's more forthcoming. shit can't go on like this in ya.
ok happy bday kevin but goddamn juj that white dress and brown heels u killin it
ahh thanks babe!!!
i have to say that new yorkers seem pretty nonchalant about this. there is very little chalance out there
but who among us is truly chalant?
richard pryor nails the connection between and
man was a truth teller and unafraid. bravo.
complex, tragic story, vividly reported and beautifully written by
thanks chris!
i hate when im attracted to a nigga with a gf
i like to be all moral &amp; righteous but truth be told he most likely will still get it
but you didn't list walk harlow. time to add to your list.
that one doesn't need to be schedule just love her. raining today in ny and she's all curled up.
awful. they should have been given the help they needed by countries closer to home, so this tragedy never happened.
turkey and lebanon have taken in millions of refugees - they've provided their fair share of help.
still holding out hope it's due to a revelation and there's more forthcoming. shit can't go on like this in ya.
like... we write about kids, we are not kids ourselves i think?
probably but that's what i'm thinking about russell too.
i'm thinking maybe it's amanda's ex
thanks for the , cj &amp; yj! lorry's lens: central park. lorry captures its beauty. scroll down at
thanks so much for the , cj &amp; tj!! truthiness abounds! we have good music, books, photos, ideas at
sorry i don't believe that is a party platform
oh, but it is the very backbone of libertarianism--me, me, me. thinking you stand on your own. it's a laughable party.
john cale was my favorite beatle*
harry nilsson was my favorite beatle
unsure about that. and unsure about ''utility death spiral'' either.
people have been unsure about my work since 2003, it's still happening as i have documented
oh, i didn't realize it meant the media, i thought it was like "attached media"
y'know i want to clarify that i'm not coming at this from faux-wokeness.
most of what trump says boils down to "i would act the role of president well. i'd make president sounds. you would think 'he's president.'"
the sounds of him gobbling putin's sausage &amp; ripping our generals don't strike me as presidential sounds.
curt schilling: those accused of terror should be stripped of rights and executed
accused? no. convicted or caught in the act? sure.
if they enable surge pricing, drivers earn more money and are more incentivized to work, increasing supply, making it easier to get a ride.
without surge pricing in high-demand times, delays will get increasingly worse and remain so for a longer time.
idk if this is understandable or really gay, but i've watched one tree hill like 3 times over
100% understandable. i respect it
y'know i want to clarify that i'm not coming at this from faux-wokeness.
i write about the legal system for work, this struck me as really weird and dangerous. that's all.
lmao that's a fact smh
i need someone to bring me a coffee rn
up 40 pts w/ latinos in florida.
these are the counties clinton needs to win
pi news: obama jokes about isis on same day america gets bombed twice
unfortunately, obama is the joke. in any other time,this unvetted man, lauded by the media, lazy and inept
not soon enough.
cannot wait for these debates
too far nick too fucking far
tell nicholas to unblock
and by relationship i mean just sharing a laugh over something that didn't make me uncomfortable, anxious, or sad.
but if you are a brief acquaintance who thought it proper to tell an out of place sexist joke, or a very personal insulting quip. memory: .
when you wake up on monday morning and you're 2-0
i made this then shep reposted it and now it's going viral
happy bday stud
thanks lan
just remember, the same rw trolls that call you "stupid" or "brainwashed" own 2 or more dvds.
and lots of guns!
i like how the bar for courage has been lowered to "going to work 2 days after someone threw a pipe bomb in a dumpster 3 miles away"
its the rain + monday + un week that is testing my will and determination. dumpster bombs can get in line and wait dammit
they exchanging the ones with the faulty batteries for the fresh batch joints. they'll be iight
wouldn't trust shit
happy birthday cune
thanks tcalks
always be baiting! :)
mosh, i think i love you. always baiting, brotha
never fails: when i'm early the bus is late and when i'm late the bus is early.
rainy days and mondays always get me down...
omg, then what are they doing to avoid eye contact?
they aren't
but if you are a brief acquaintance who thought it proper to tell an out of place sexist joke, or a very personal insulting quip. memory: .
in person that is, the dynamic online is a bit different.
was woken at 8 am by an "extreme emergency alert" about some guy who blew up a dumpster &amp; now i am sworn to destroy america.
not every thought needs to be shared publicly. you can turn off emergency alerts.
need to keep the defense off the field
and that's my point as bad as d was tanny and o did nothing in 1st half to give them a rest
video: open with skit with trying to get a limo uber ride from
love this so true sorry jeb!
fbi: suspect is of afghan descent. trump supporters: woohoo! new atheists: woohoo! white supremacists: woohoo! muslims: :( immigrants: :(
i think it's more serious. americans of color will be violently profiled.
u don't take the train?
i do both bus &amp; train
unfortunately, obama is the joke. in any other time,this unvetted man, lauded by the media, lazy and inept
(2) gave our country no protection against violent immigrants nor cared.
beautiful! but i can't give up my gun to any plotting politician! i'm an okie!
please, tell me you're from muskogee. i think i asked you this before, tho...
hillary believes pepe the "white supremacist frog meme" is a threat. check her website. insane. was also a dem i'm done now
it hurts when leadership won't articulate the obvious, regardless of party.
happy birthday my mans
thanks bro miss ya here at ndub
with lots of time in paris, i thought it a fun idea to introduce you to the neighborhoods, as...
must meet and while in paris!
jane goodall becomes instant hero, declares donald trump an attention starved chimpanzee via report
perhaps this does a disservice 2 chimpanzees.
i'm the cool kid at work
put you get a hall pass to use the bathroom during 3rd period?!
looks like the fine folks at subway have paid the surcharge for some extra cheese on this bad boy
is sable a mcmahon mistress?
deadass?! i saw it on his insta last night haha
yeah deadass he liked then reposted and this shits everywhere now
new yorkers don't panic over a dumpster fire.
would it make you happier if de blasio had a photo op standing on top of the dumpster with a megaphone?
so "nothing to do" are factually the wrong words to make your point
i won't argue and i won't debate. not every muslim is a terrorist and not every terrorist is a muslim. period
i don't do risk-averse. if you're afraid i'm here to take your money, perhaps we should talk more? just don't tell me that shit.
"i have good news. i did the math! data shows you are worthy of spending money on"
these hillbillies are uneducated and hate jews, gays, blacks. always want them to not have opinions.
bigots are like that. hate ny and the diversity we have in our city.
happy birthday
much love trey, great pics
i'm browsing opportunities now. feel like going away will be good he he independence. but open to both
fwiw i did cuny and worked through out college.
i will disagree on all. they all intend to terrorize, all have personal motives even if ideological.
if you analyze political violence, as i do in academic work, you need precision. motives important for policy.
.: "mrs. clinton has staked out the most progressive policy positions ever advocated by a presidential candidate."
look at california as an example of how progressive policies work. we are booming!! thx gov brown
i'm looking for a everyday bag (probably a backpack, rather than something focused) what should i get?
topo is a favorite of mine and , we have several of their bags. this one fits 12" mb or 13" mbp
there is no such word as coworker, the word you are looking for has been around forever and is colleague
unless, of course, you have a cow that needs orking.
and in the mornin, i'm making waffles
i'm sitting on the side of the road with a blown out tire
80% of the time i open facebook now, i shut the app within 30 seconds after being bombarded with irrelevant videos ad nauseum
you have the app on your phone? bold move.
lemme educate you real party, dumb head. you are nowhere near my level.
how do we know that's actually you and you didn't get that pic off google?
how is that even possible??! you obviously don't live in nyc
our whole lives. stay as safe as you can.
and that's starting the year at sea and at ne......
and the fins are 0-2
but that article is about taking advantage or people in a vulnerable state. thats not cool ever
you have to accept the extra price before you request the ride, so people did make a choice.
this teacher has cancer and 400+ students came to worship outside his house, sooo touching and beautiful.
dan tell me how this is a horny fact
beautiful! but i can't give up my gun to any plotting politician! i'm an okie!
i love nyc,but i'm with you. in my neighborhood,the thugs have guns.we don't.
they drew this behavior to your neighborhood. terrorists want to terrorize u and news is helping them.
alrighty. now explain 9/11/01 and 2/26/93. did the media draw them to my neighborhood then, too?
great to hear, marshall. how was your flight with us? ^eh
flight was on time. first class f/a, jessie, was great.
i have one for writing due tomorrow and i haven't even started yet
like i don't even know how to write it so we'll see how this turns out
i don't know if anyone in this world is worse at their job than ny mayor , and that says a lot
some would say terry collins but it's not true. deblasio is the worst
i want that base
would you say, you're all about it? that base?
started out w a kiss
how did it end up like this
when a girl from pequa roll thru and you don't fucks w her
i fucks wl her
can't imagine why cnn (which is hitler) is in third place.
so they formed a pack!? most packs have 4-9 though a 2-3 wolf pack isn't unheard of(per wikipedia)
so today we have learnt that if your going to accuse someone make sure you have proper proof or you will end up looking like a fuckn bellend
it really sucks that developers accuse other developers of shit...as a streamer i appreciate everything u guys do...thank u
but that article is about taking advantage or people in a vulnerable state. thats not cool ever
it's not taking advantage. there's finite supply of drivers and increased demand. you have to raise prices to increase supply
people still like kasich and fiorina? weird.
in light of so many attacks on chosen ticket, seems much weirder to hate them as you apparently do.
finalist no. 4 - lipika nag sharing her passion about singing with
brand new tune star
thanks for kind words one correction tho: it was peter tosh's version of "get up, stand up", not bob marley...
thanks! fix'd :)
the guy who killed opie in soa getting mad commercial gigs, i don't appreciate this
he can catch these hands
-the exact same way and the girl was really really weird to begin with and it was just weird
are you talking about the other mikasa account? because. ugh. that girl tormented me for so long
knowing that the are 2-0 and the are first in the wildcard make my monday a lot brighter
and its pretty gloomy out there
took me a while just to swipe thru all the text
modern mobile life is so exhausting
i love it! as long as i don't have to do 80s hair &amp; glasses again... it was a tough look for me.
i dont see why
i'm awake !!!!
apparently needs a little help today.
look what we saw today
lazarus discs!
. 5 sizzling stats from the 2nd-biggest comeback in ravens history:
shouldn't there be an asterisk since it was against the browns and being down is embarrassing
u da best i take back everything i said about sandwiches now
oh shit. i forgot to grab this for you in swirl of sunday. . you may hate sandwiches again.
all these tweets on &amp; immigration . he's an american citizen. as much as the rapists and child molesters.
because he was born somewhere else so many are going to be quick to jump and blame immigrants and all that. nah.
it's that time again.....going to the later today.
"listen, either he's going in your mouth or i am, and you don't want me in there" lines you never want to hear
wanderlust duo travel inspiration and advice for playa del carmen, mexico.
playa del carmen? might as well talk about queens.
"coffins were strewn about, floodwater graves sat empty and there was no way to tell which coffins went where."
g-d. i remember reading about this
victim &amp; eye witness affidavits on file in current rape case against trump. why haven't we heard all about this?
begs the question: are some in the media afraid of trump?
just gotta get my fix of texas conservative viewpoints on the u.s.
. easier for me to skip facebook 364 days out of the year and focus on the shit in need to get done rather than watch others.
i mean, i love sally field as much as the next gal (and sam gold!) but jfc. t.williams only wrote 7000 plays!
*smashes lightbulbs* *dances to music only she can hear* *tries to sex up a gay kid* *becomes a cannibal*
have a friend that's still using those free airplane headsets? tag them &amp; you could both win an upgrade.
you and me buddy!
"washington offensive players grumbling about kirk cousins" are we all pretending we don't know it's desean jackson?
desean dont hide though
i didn't know authorities could use the phone networks for alerts like that. would sure scare me too. have a safe day!
... yes, they can target alerts based on gps location.
is currently experiencing departure delays between 1 hr, 16 mins and 1 hr, 30 mins due to tm initiatives:swap:wx
is currently experiencing departure delays between 15 mins and 29 mins due to tm initiatives:swap:wx
trump: "cnn is disgusting...i watch it all. i watch all of the folks." has repeatedly tweeted he doesn't watch cnn.
yeah, cnn, particularly that lewandowski plant/shill...
t-bar jock (my ate the t-bar )
ah, leather week has begun
because it's in the same price range of everyone else's. but if you're interested i'll lower them to a normal price!
oh girl i can't sit that high up it's adele my queen and i'm afraid of sitting that high it's freaks me out
will be on at 7:02 a.m. enjoy.
don't you go on any station but fox or rt? cowardly!
i good half, one bad half. one win, one loss. 8-8.
that's tannehill line for 4 yrs now
canceled my plans to binge-listen the intern. good listening for this stage of life. excellent work my millennial sister
thanks for the shout out becca!
this after party is off da chain!
edward hopper's classic "midnight at arby's."
because he was born somewhere else so many are going to be quick to jump and blame immigrants and all that. nah.
i personally don't think anyone is going to become a greencard holder then the headache of applying for citizenship just to blow shit up
i'm grateful for the , minerva! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down at
thanks for another , minerva! we have goodies for you! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" now at
not jst clothes but footwear also leg length &amp; foot size discrepancies, orthotic leg braces don't fit off shelf sneakers boots
frm tech &amp; educ to clothing footwear outerwear to personal hygiene products theresamarketforinclusivedesign
careful, marlow, she'll let her antisemitic trolls have a go at you soon. they shopped my face into pepe pig yesterday
not worried about some kids in their mom's basements
finalist no. 4 - lipika nag sharing her passion about singing with
brand new tune
larry michael just discussed this on 980. "i don't put anything into it. none. zero. zero point zero."
he really is the minister of information from iraq
you would trigger so many people by having to mispronounce it to make the song work
well they're a group not a song
all of my instagram likes are memes about cutthroat kitchen
this. 1000x this. please. let's watch alton together...
my sincere apology for the travel experience. kerri. *pl
anything that we can do to ensure this doesnt happen again? thought we took right steps.
is this your way of saying i should remind myself more often? ;)
life is a lot easier when you reserve your burns for when people really earn it. :)
finalist no. 4 - lipika nag sharing her passion about singing with
brand new tune
the doobies are crazy for "what a fool believes" into "minute by minute." i feel like my dad.
pretty much everything michael mcdonald touched in the '70s sounds better and better every year that passes.
enjoyed article on instructional coaches -thank you!
thank you for reading it.
if twitter is ever worth a tenth what it is now then obviously aol/verizon will buy it.
google will outbid
should sign ronnie hillman or cj spiller while woodhead is out. best case scenario is danny is out 4-6 wks with grade 2 mcl sprain
the injury looked pretty bad and i thought he was done for the year.
this, from trump, via , may be one of the most chillingly 1936 things he's said:
that's freaking scary.
i personally don't think anyone is going to become a greencard holder then the headache of applying for citizenship just to blow shit up
i could be wrong! either way this country is going to shit and it's no bueno.
today is def a penne alla vodka type day
wow that sounds great
this new "coalition for better ads" won't succeed because it won't suppress surveillance marketing. by
of course advertisers would think the best solution would be to throw another brand at the issue.
trump: racial profiling may be necessary
what a surprise! trump using attacks as a way to spread his fear &amp; hate. can we racially profile &amp; exile orange headed loonies?
indeed yay!
heh heh heh
morning lol
should i ask how's it going??
lol. but well... it really was all about chartock.
. they all are!
what's up with charles woodson with the sneak attack?!?
they all deserve to be locked up.
finalist no. 4 - lipika nag sharing her passion about singing with
brand new tune
haha. me neither; i just didn't know if you had a few hours to kill with nazis, because they're coming for your mentions. lol
god bless the mute button
i was such a better student freshman year fuck lol
the "can i just graduate already" phase. good times.
i'm speaking only of a time of disaster or danger when peoples live are at risk. otherwise yah i totally agree.
but why treat a disaster any differently? the laws of economics don't change.
before you speak: think t : is it true? h : is it helpful? i : is it inspiring? n : is it necessary? k : is it kind?
somebody show this to
watch: trump calls for clinton's "bodyguards" to drop their weapons and "let's see what happens to her."
dear god..... this man is as full of hate as anyone on this planet.
i'm speaking only of a time of disaster or danger when peoples live are at risk. otherwise yah i totally agree.
higher prices will result in more people getting out safely, not fewer.
what are your thoughts on spitting in your s/o mouth and/or vice versa?
lol you woke up thinking about this
both my fursonas got *deep ass voice* big asses
i mean, how profound can an ass really be. my donkey reads schopenhauer
super excited to welcome in the team at check out his reasons:
great addition to the team!
we value your , kim! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down at
i appreciate your , kim! visit us for good books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music at
the point is to belittle dear
why are you so rude for
steve eisman on [fintech] marketplace lending: you're either a bank, or you're a wall street originator.
precisely why $lc's retail funding side is so crucial
the point is to belittle dear
but you know where imma be
won't be hard to boycott a never was.
exactly. thought her ass was cassie anyway...
in defending trump's birther crusade, the gop and rnc have now institutionalized his racism:
gop loved it. trump was doing their dirty work and they figured it cant come back to them. now trump has you by the balls.
some days you just want to set some shit on fire and watch it all burn because: fuck it
that's how i feel about scented candles. how dare they. they're gonna burn
bandwidth-intensive and yet to adopted by many. brother was in goa and i only used it then. facetime/skype my go-to options with most
ah, i thought it was meant to be less bandwidth intensive. i end up fb calling a lot. skype is so done for, for me
when u blow thru cash at the chanel in the hong kong airport bc you are in a bad mood, i'm officially that woman
every time i see u i think of how much id hate to be any of your ex's recent gf
water. healthier breakfast. cross-country run with my brother ryan and nephew sam. work. have an excellent monday morning!
impressive. have a great day!
this beauty won. that's all you need to know.
she is a goddess
ya friend's wine wicked
big fact her shit is a1 diggity
rainy morning? stay in bed and curl up with a good book!
it's sure raining here! thanks, susan...
i forgot to respond to this little assholes email and this is how i start off my morning.
shit i deal wit everyday
have 3 more years so going through this phase a little early
just take it one year at a time lmfao
retweet to agree instead of picking winners &amp; losers, government should be promoting competition.
just what does that mean? about as clear as a trump statement!
ran to class in the rain to make it in time only for my professor to cancel as i got there.
now i can't distinguish between what's sweat and what's rain. and i think there's a metaphor in there.
oh yes, and they make out a bunch. it must have been when brock and sable got to know each other.
what's the mistress continuity? trish, stacy, dawn marie, torrie, sable?
okay just looked up your schools policy on missing class and your allowed to skip on mondays
ur a boy thanks! i won't go to another monday class again
it's ahmonds, no l. like your visuals though that was cool.
almonds with an l
thanks for following us, annette! good luck to you! visit us for good music, books, photos, ideas at
i'm grateful for the , annette! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down
we're looking to build our website. if you know anyone who can help us professionally pls ping us. pls rt
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
i can send them but if people send them to me it still says (sent with lasers). so annoying
i'm always convinced that the new operating systems mess with your phone so you're forced to buy the new one.
not feeling great today.
*hugs and pets * i hope your day gets better, love
who can recommend someone to build me a website?
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
got a straw
i also have found the twisted tea cardboard keg
i'm being so serious lol wait till we go to the mall
dude forreal i have too much to get
no hoe . i dead didn't fall asleep until like 2 am
why i gotta be hoe? should i call you a fatass?
happy happy 20th to my amazing best friend !! we'll celebrate soon, i love you so much sar bear!!
i love you so much!! thank you babe
capo talkin bout smackin off bad cufi was definitely more entertaining
lmfaooo that shit had me in tears.....still got the whole tape about the whole beef lol he wasn't a rapper back then
trump: "i should be a newscaster because i called it before the news." (re: calling it a bomb pre: confirmation.)
really insightful to say an explosion is a bomb.
next time i go back home to la i'm taking the train, on me i miss trains,
you take them now...
don't believe the snap hype.
haven't watched the snap yet. i don't let it consume me regardless.
happy birthday!!!! one more year till youre 21!!! i love you so much, hope your day is as amazing as you are
thank you corny ily!!!
ugh. every time i think my mind has been sanitized of cheney memories...
cheney is basically the ultimate sith lord and anyone who likes him has pure evil in his heart.
i can't even drink my fucking water, i'm white, who's racist against me?
the 2 ideas aren't mutually exclusive. it's quite possible you can't drink your water &amp; the guy in flint having a point. get it?
laura, i appreciate the follow very much! good luck to you! visit us for music, books, photos, ideas at
thanks for the , laura! see lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down at
i wish lmao but thank you
nah u do i'm here going through ur pics like
you have lana del rey in your bio....you have absolutely no room to speak about innovation.
answer the question at hand
i also need someone who can create a website and some business cards.
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
i'm always convinced that the new operating systems mess with your phone so you're forced to buy the new one.
my battery went from 42% to 1% in one second.
i think that's a fair observation. i can't get past the mr-isms to judge its reverence.
well it's certainly reverent to mr lol.
looks like we on the same level follow me so i can send you some pics.
come out to cali... anxiety attacks are served up regularly in the lab
tesla says lawsuits could delay solarcity deal
or it's just cold feet and reality.
trying to think of films that have a false start for a class i'm doing. any thoughts please? i'm a bit stuck!
hmm, give me an example?
the only person i know who gets less hours of sleep in a day than i do, is .
i sleep when my eyes shutdown
missing , , and the other venomistas while at
wish we were there! enjoy and please keep us posted tweeting all the cool stuff
fourth-down decision backfires on packers coach mike mccarthy
dubious decision for sure. i'm all for being 'eye of the tiger' but seemed 'smart' to take the points mid 3rd q.
i do not like asking for help or telling people about my problems. i really struggle with that and it sometimes hurts a situation even more.
hmu if you need to my sister
who can make me a nice simple website?
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
thank you just get tired of all the fighting about him. he's our qb till he isn't. lol
exactly...no need to dwell on who our qb should be or will be...
didn't take your meds today ?
people 's soldierstoso he can fulfill his goal of islamitizingevil
the only local news station i know of is q13 fox in seattle because of the wonderful . no idea what my nyc local news is.
2 cbs, 4 nbc, 5 fox, 7 abc, 9 wor, 11 wpix
capo talkin bout smackin off bad cufi was definitely more entertaining
jim jones couldn't even rap like that so he would talk he's ass off at every diss track they ever did lmfaooo hood spokesman
the beard continues! i am not ready to live with grizzly bears yet but i do feel like something...
you get use to it.
got a haircut last week. 7 months since my last one.
...and now all your superhuman powers are gone. you should have seen that coming.
reminder: young people oppose trump by huge margins and it's really older people that are giving him and paul ryan a chance to gut medicare.
if he wins, we will probably not have medicare anymore.
i was not, haven't worked out philly evening since 2008, i heard the humidity was real....
it was real.
trying out some new products this weekend and creating
what a great way go to green! we hope you had a great weekend with these products
i had to stop using tweetbot because i couldn't figure out how to get notifications every time a certain account tweeted
oh that's all customizable in tweetbot settings yeah. way more custom than the main twitter app
, grazie, gracias, danka, merci, spoceba &amp; thanks for the , davy! we have music, books, etc.
there you go again, dave, being a good friend! thanks for the ! visit us for music, books, photos:
apple watch series 1 (early) review
"i paid $399 for my first apple watch and was able to see it online for $230..." i think you meant "sell".
trump again floats idea that fmr gop rivals that haven't endorsed him shouldn't be allowed to run for office again
somebody needs to go to a civics class. wait. correction. trump already knows everything he ever needs to know about everything.
in this chart, clinton's lead has gone from +5 to +4 since sept. 1.
hillary will win despite manufactured polls!
trump u is barely getting coverage. more coverage of emails. grab at straws all you want. trump coverage lacking
i harbor no delusions trump supporters do not know who he is. they do. and they like it. sad
fuck is wrong wit u just years ago u aint even like yo own brother yall all fake just cause my nigga got something now miss me
get off twitter nigga u look weak
every time i walk down this street i hear in my head
why is the world in love again? why are we marching hand in hand? it's a brand new record! for 1990!
if it makes you feel better my "easy redeye turn" turned into a 12.5 hour redeye turn.
yikes. that doesn't sound good.
no. but persist in your fear mongering, please do. it will keep them in nyc and not elsewhere.
you're really just an example of internet performance art gone awry, right?
i'm trying to think about how much money i would pay to have donald trump reply to your tweet by simply saying 'airpods.'
hahahaha. i would maybe spontaneously burst into flames.
i have 0 faith in cutler to give the bitch ass eagles an l tonight.
nope, me either
listening to wnyc news announcers butcher this bombing suspect's name so badly that everyone with an arab sounding name is now a suspect
like every time someone says "hummis." makes me cringe. choo mooose
paul ryan tells townhall he supts trump even though he's a white supremacist anti-semite, since he'll eliminate ss/medicare!
vote democrats right down the ticket. let's get something done this term. and i'm a republican.
looks like it. he's going around laughing like the joker and telling every one they safe!! he needsor a chill
now you be safe!
like you fucking retard, you have map apps on your phone
that was a 5min ride lol how she ain't notice
this is money america could be using to boost wages, hire more workers, &amp; strengthen our economy.
yes, it would be so much cheaper to dump toxic waste into rivers and streams.
no. but persist in your fear mongering, please do. it will keep them in nyc and not elsewhere.
because terrorist attacks haven't happened elsewhere?
also i ask my liberal reporter friends stop comparing trump to hitler; he's not even close what he is: a gross...
charles no one should be compared to hitler,
can we please learn to call a terror attack a terror attack without doing the "we're not sure" dance? it's tiresome.
or we could wait until there is enough evidence before jumping to any conclusions.
for you sunshine
awwwe! you are the sweetest. thank you so much my friend
hey i got someone interested in thumbstick mafia. her gamer tag is . in a party w us now. also can we join y'all?
ugh you gotta message me on x1 - sometimes i get too focused and don't have my phone. we just ran bounties + overwatch
this is my lifeblood. kyoto &gt; tokyo &gt; san frandontmakemegohome
bring home the entire vending machine.
in that case the "laws" dont matter, its the principle...
the principal that we should let feelings get in the way of math and result in no body getting what they need? lol
love my bluetooth headphones...had them for about 2 years now and going strong.
thanks! which model?
have a great
you too gorgeous
today in 1998, shahid afridi scored century against india 109(94).
pls. make list of the innings where any thing as now he has plenty of time at hand &amp; forever
he played well? yes, 17 points against a mediocre d with a few nice passes.
he played well. i didn't say he was hof bound. threw some nice passes. i didn't say he lit it up.
thanks!!!! my email is username at i am the resource manager. i am the gateway. lol
hey, i found a pollen analyst with some interest and passed along your e-mail. she should be reaching out soon.
and reinstall hangouts updates to see if this is still occuring? (2/2)
since disabling to factory version and re-installing to latest, i haven't seen the slowdown. i'll try and reproduce.
hey i got someone interested in thumbstick mafia. her gamer tag is . in a party w us now. also can we join y'all?
hi! sorry i'm late to the party - i didn't check my phone - was in the zone.
anyone know how or where to build a website?
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
jus woke up, got my course this week, so i gotta deal wit fucking traffic. awesome
i don't envy you..so anything new with you?
please check out my new children's book "daddy was cool once, ya know" out in stores today.
is it plagiarized from this?
my colleague who lives right around the chelsea explosion site is answering none of my texts or emails and its driving me nuts
its like i know nobody died so he shld be okay but can you just check the fuck in?
turkish people are calling for justice after a trans woman was murdered
protests after a woman was kicked in the face for wearing shorts eglterzininsesiolalim
if everyone could just keep me i their prayers on tuesday. i may or may not be dropping out of college depending on my performance lol
stfu rehearse after school w me today
retweet to agree instead of picking winners &amp; losers, government should be promoting competition.
like more of your competition promoting, corporate welfare, right?
spent my night hand sewing this jacket
jesus christ i need someone like this in group of designers
jill stein: trump may have "memory problem" via
it's hard to remember all the lies.
i can please only one person per day. today is not your day. tomorrow isn't looking good either.
you told me the same yesterday, and i will continue too wait; the prize is priceless!!!!
right! like i wanna support you... but you making this more difficult than need be.
that's where i was coming from. then you wanna charge me more than other providers for your basic service? not here for it!
since at least '94 i have always played automatic for the people on the first truly gloomy rainy day of the fall
f yeah. find the river, dude!!!!! &lt;3
just letting you know depending on some lines, your week 1 jets pick and today's ravens pick actually won
true however i'm gonna abide by the line at the time of the picks! so i'm now at 7-6 not very good
doesn't mean they weren't news. the amounts payed to victims makes them valid. your compassion speaks to your bias
they were news because victims came forward and spoke on the record by name. you are over your head.
kind of weird how they guess it right, though, isn't it? i mean, what are the odds?
a bright bunch they are... standard in this country to accuse and condemn a whole group of people base on guesses, rt?
updates this solid report from on friday.
this is where you shine in your reporting not nitpicking some trump comment which is just a narrative for main stream media
no. more. parasitology!
wait, *what else* is there?!
putting islam1st &amp;hesayshe's islam via
seevideo
donald trump reacts to the recent bombings: "this is only going to get worse"
trump's talk is hateful/stirs people up,then he says things going2get worse!
jennifer lewis doesn't deserve this disrespect. i'm ready to fight.
what a dummy!
lmao nic they're just jealous
i can see why
who? am i lyin bro?
yeah we his whole blood. money ain't shit
have a good day hope there are no major transportation probs!!
thanks mom, hope you have a good one too! smooth morning for me so far, rain aside!
the sunday is worth every penny of the $6 i spend on it.
we have the "weekender" subscription - so much to it, we read it all week long.
jerry jones or roger? if chargers move to la, no doubt sd comes after the raiders hard# revenge
nonsense it's totally clear no one in the monied or political establishment cares if san diego has a team
if you like retweet &amp; follow sophie vip
sweetheart you have such a fine body!!!
i think my favorite part bout college is walking from one side of campus 2 the total opposite side while its pouring bc thats where class is
hope everyone caught my sarcasm in that
please be safe dearie!!!
i am heading into city now for a meeting then coming back home immediately. this is so scary
lol my bad. i deleted smart glass on my phone and typing with my controller sounded like a chore lol.
not even mad at that - i dled the xbox app so i can type on my phone....but then i lose my phone in the house lmfao
i have to work a 5k on saturday and i'm kind of nervous.
please be safe
he ain't go do shit but post memes and hashtags. that nigga is all for social media gimmicks
that too but he could also rap good!
. her response is no response cnn censored her 1st response where she said it was bombing-nazilike
never thought much of camerota-no intelligence just venom but thought cuomo was trying to be fair
yes dear bro :) though you used to listen sad songs :p :p
parody song was dedicated to my little sister
. cnn is actually in bed with hillary's campaign and the dnc. check out wikileaks, kiddo.
so incredibly wrong- a distortion of reality- btw not going to trust a child rapist &amp; russia when comes to truth
trump loves america. crooked hillary loves globalism.
the two are hardly exclusive.
trump trade plan could push the u.s. into recession, warns economists:
false meme. jobs are not lost when more of your nation's output is produced and consumed at home.
anyone good at website design or know someone that is??
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
naw man, jus nervous about this course. so much to learn in a week. shit's like being back in school
you'll be fine.. just believe it.. study hard n it'll all workout
"tv chewing gum for the eyes"
listen to the conversation - i think you might find it interesting on several levels
all i want in life is to be well rested and my hair to look great
both monumentally difficult to achieve
seevideo
obama
do me a big favor! don't get vaccinations, but then don't come into my er and icu when you have tetany. mmmkay?
the problem with a funny but facetious comment is that unvaccinated children endanger other kids and can cause epidemics.
check out our 4 launch gameplay trailer. we also debut it on tonight!
happy to be your first subscriber on youtube
something about all of this just seems a bit off to me...
it read like fan fiction. gays do not call themselves "homosexuals." especially far left queers.
no i meant what does it stand for?
hail to the redskins can you believe that nonsense?
": refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming. lots young males, poorly vetted.
this is an irresponsible retweet mr. trump. not factual, just fear based.
lets make americans vigilantes again????
huh? it's about notifying the proper authorities if you spot the plate.
never thought much of camerota-no intelligence just venom but thought cuomo was trying to be fair
but sold out and is as biased as she is
if tebow was a qb and not a kardashian, he'd be a patriot. but then how would he sign baseballs for money?
the patriots cut him
where the new music bro
on my laptop
nypd swat team on every intersection down 2nd ave. road is distinctly more chaotic but they yell at me to clear the lane? fuck outta here.
van almost left hooks me and two nypd fools are looking at each other, at the van driver, at me, slack-jawed. yo this is _your_ job
sunset boulevard press night. as norma desmond ! for more visit
good lord! thank you for the follow!
florida / poll: clinton 41 (+1) trump 40
hillary wins florida!
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
stfu liarmouth loser
only 1986 counts. the rest are invalid because of their inauthenticity.
it's so much fun watching you suffer
aa got me home five hours late. so instead of a leisurely evening and a good rest, 3.5 hours sleep and a whole lot of coffee.
don't tell me i should be thankful and amazed that i can travel 3000 miles in six hours in a metal sky tube. we're past that.
something about all of this just seems a bit off to me...
it would be like reading an anonymous manifesto by a self described "negro."
one day ill figure out how to sleep. for now, have some more wip shots of our 4 stuff!
epic work! but i want more tonal variation payton!!!
he is crude, unsuited for higher office and unprepared but don't be surprised at his appeal when he says what the masses think.
he gauged his entire persona based on his supporters reactions to his speeches. i am terrified of him
looking for a professional graphic designer, anyone know i can talk to?
please give us a call : 212.209.1537 to discuss further about your requirements!
haha, you are the loon here. i didn't think you ultra libs believed in hell.
why can't you just tell the truth? effin traitor
sure. who doesn't want to leave a cash cow?
he doesn't get money from foundation.
politically incorrect, but conservative voters' penchant for misinformation and conspiracy-theory nonsense is so much worse than libs'
if you haven't read this already: same story 50 years ago.
hello yes good morning i am a goddamn adult reporting to work.
this is amazing
addresses of interest that come up with the 104 elmora 2606 wildberry court, edison nj 198 powers street new brunswick nj
police investigating suspicious package in rutgers parking structure - 1 mile from that new brunswick address
like i said before the majority of owners are against it. come january will see who really runs the league.
raiders have already met nfl standard for a move. las vegas is in the bag unless oakland funds a stadium
proof i smile
double black leggings for the win!
he played well? yes, 17 points against a mediocre d with a few nice passes.
but then again i don't give a damn. i'm gonna root for them to lose every game.
u maybe he has a little p---s to go with his little hands
and a little brain. and a big mouth.
nobody trust/believes you or both finished. trump landslide nov 8th
i am betting on the goodness and optimism of the majority. if i win trump loses
it's been a great morning so far a lot of flirting in my class this morning
man my starbursts came with 2 yellow talking bout a good morning
such a neat study. worth noting that it was taken 9/10-14: the heart of pneumonia-gate.
absolutely...even in the worst week of her campaign, hillary clinton has not fallen behind.
you love manhunts??? seriously???
there's a thing in the world called sarcasm.
mike describing his backing vocals on "peg" in this dan doc is one of my favorite things on the internet
he made everybody sound better. he's like the all-timemvp first mate of yacht rock.
wondering what stations are connected to free ? check out the latest map:
myrtle wyckoff has tw survey wireless aps but wondering when at least wifi will be up?
yo i ran by a sign for this morning on the side of a bus stop shelter in bed-stuy and almost tripped and fell.
i did the same in manhattan last week. it's a beautiful thing!
this is good - is there a uk equivalent?
we talk about the uk from time to time (we did two post-brexit episodes, for instance)
ordered a bacon egg n cheddar on a croissant even got overcharged and didn't trip opened up the sandwich and they didn't add the cheddar
you have to go back and fight them.
lotta people rinsing corey feldman rn but did you invent the pas de bourree into the dab? yeah, didn't think so
hahaha best comment
obama
hesaysit
hillary clinton -- what are you running for??? what big thing will you do to make the country better? to help the average american?
to help the clinton family bank accounts.
on fox, trump on kasich, gopers who don't support: 'i really don't care. that's not up to me...they signed a very, very strong pledge.'
yet fox manipulated kasich onto debate stage due to his lateness into race so he would not have a poll avging problem
don't tell me i should be thankful and amazed that i can travel 3000 miles in six hours in a metal sky tube. we're past that.
i can travel 3000 miles in six hours in a metal sky tube operated by someone else and get there on time. which aa couldn't handle.
the trouble with that is that obama eclipses her on oratory
but hillary is better at nitty-gritty bipartisanship.
good morning everyone! stay blessed my friends!
gooood morning sweet donna and blessed friends!
how many staff does it take to build a coat stand. answers on a postcard
depends on if one is timing, one is scanning each piece and did everyone remember their barcode?
are publicists getting more or less work in the age of social media?
social has opened up a new channel of business for some. ex: managing influencers, streamers, blogs etc...
why new york's mayor steered clear of calling a bombing in his city a terror attack
because he is an uber liberal and is tripping over himself to be over the top pc, the guy is a joke
like, if trump had forgotten to prepare his 7th-grade class presentation on isis and had to wing it, this would sound basically right.
he's unfit man child and extremely dangerous.
thanks so much for the , corinna! truthiness abounds! visit us for good music, books, pics, ideas:
, grazie, gracias, danka, merci, spoceba &amp; thanks for the , corinna! we have music, books at:
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
"best wishes &amp; warm regards??" they were injured, dumbass. it's not their birthday. how can you be so clueless?
doesn't mean they weren't news. the amounts payed to victims makes them valid. your compassion speaks to your bias
and it isn't about compassion. it is that even the most disgusting americans enjoy presumption of innocence.
germany bringing it on themselves. do we want this too?
here the list of agencies bringing to your town, helped by federal contractors. please rt
facetimed for 3 hours, showered &amp; finally in bed lol i'm acting like i don't have school in the morning
you're out of control
our work in pa is so important. read and sign up at to join the campaign.
don't worry pa won't let us down. she will take state.
wait so it was the state dept's fault that there were conflicts at the clinton foundation? interview
boy did i miss your on target sage comments
the first time i wasn't hit with a john cena meme
seriously i 100% expected that
regardless of the circumstances -- can we talk about how my iphone just told me and everyone in nyc to start a manhunt?
isn't the idea "if this guy is your friend plz call us"
'political correctness kills': flynn says we're losing war against radical islam
deport all muslims
wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
so what did she make up? be specific.
.: "democrats could never get over how they couldn't beat this bumbling governor [in 2000]... so they scapegoat the greens"
nader's ego ruined the election in fla, which cost us bush, and the iraq war... he's still in denial.
nothing welcomes you back to work on monday like 1 train delays, and two broken elevators at the 181st st. station.
or crippling n/q delays, jumping ng into a cab and then being stuck in crippling fdr traffic
...well tell your wife to drop out, it's not hard.
if alt hadn't been trump, i'd agree foundation is too important to give up.
you mean when sandy's*** bedroom is cuter than yours
i think u mean my room considering those are my blankets and pillows u butts
never trust a woman with make-up
mom says i'll never get a guy without it.
miss this and you
omg miss you too
finalist no. 4 - lipika nag sharing her passion about singing with
mbilo nominated
today's shows with solid 6.7% lead over
go go go!!!! let's put this away!!!
"flutes used to be made out of bones, so technically they're the most badass instrument of all!" he mumbled from inside his locker.
let's talk abt flutes baby let's talk abt wind &amp; reeds let's talk abt all the band kids and the art kids and the geeks let's talk abt flutes
well, that makes another half time show i won't be watching.. lady gaga to headline super bowl halftime show
just turn the game off completely!
its called a terrorist attack idiot. should we not spread information on the alleged perpetrator to protect feelings?
do you even know me to talk to me so disrespectfully? come correct and we can have a dialogue.
megan rapinoe defies u.s. soccer, kneels again for anthem
she should be cut from team immediately, protest when your not representing your country all day
ah, well. there you go. no.
i'm sure it'll get crazy markdown atleast.
i think u mean my room considering those are my blankets and pillows u butts
i went there
wait, i was born in 1987, am i considered generation x or a millennial? i'm confused about how this works.
. nope, sorry you're squarely a millennial. me however, i died of dysentery long ago...
thar she blows, a bookshelf like a snowhill! my top three pirate books for !
blackhearts: blackbeard's origin story, a gorgeous pre-pirate romance (blacksouls coming 4/17!)
help i am trapped in manhattan traffic
at least it's manhattan traffic and not sf traffic. :p
morning everybody.. be safe.. see something, say something....always! i will be out a few days, back thursday.
boy-does that leave the door wide open
learn about the stolen lives quilt - in remembrance of victims killed by illegal immigrants
you would think. that would be enough reason.
i dont drink coffee. im just going with what donna said.
no problem enjoy some water..a main ingredient of coffe
will be on at 7:02 a.m. enjoy.
just watched you in the dvr. great statements.
to cap off what has been a pretty weird day of football, sam bradford is thoroughly outplaying aaron rodgers.
sam closed his eyes, stared at ap and pretended they were back in norman, ok.
my phone is so slow now
the reply from sprint
i really think if we as an industry spent more of our time learning from others, we'd make fewer of the same mistakes over and over.
why do you hate creativity?
heres the cover version...
i cannot listen to it no more. holy snickeybatman the guitar is soo off... she sounds good but holy snickey just get james and crew
if there's any blessing about isis, it's that most people who want to join/emulate them are, by definition, head-up-their-own-ass morons.
oh you mean like trump supporters ?
home depot employee tips off police about alleged pipe bomb maker | new york's pix11 / wpix-tv
we must stay vigilant. people must be alert. people must be smarter. we cannot let the terrorist outsmart us.
sf traffic is nothing compared to this :p
oops, didn't phrase that right. better to be in ny than sf :p
but: i will always make time for d&amp;d. hello
there's a d&amp;d comic already on the shelves.
is your ikea chair dead too?
technically, i think.
are they just in the us? didn't know about them before
yep, i think so. might even be just some cities.
": refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming. lots young males, poorly vetted.
wildly irresponsible speculation like this is why you're not fit for office, drumpf.
and the white house would be the biggest jewel in his crown
i doubt it--he likes looking in the mirror too much. he is his crown. anyone who opposes be damned.
my heartfelt thanks to all the team @ c4 for having the balls to broadcast 10 hours of paralympic sport per day! 1/2
thanks team, really enjoyed it especially the swimming, basketball and athletics. would watch loads more!
wide open. and ab dropped it. fantasy owners everywhere:
shall we discuss the blatant, &amp; i mean blatant hold on this play? no?....ok then.
she scared of some bombs? weak
wow thanks for caring!!!!
congrats on the new gig, april! journalism is lucky to have you
learned so much from you! you're brilliant and badass and i'm grateful
so basically the defense either has little, or they have something so big that nothing else is needed.
in a crim case, the def doesn't have to prove anything. they don't have to put on a def if they don't think state proved case
it's not that the info isn't legit. it's the 24/7 blood and guts coverage over a whackadoodle blowing up a dumpster. get it?
and you know he's just a cuddly, harmless "whackadoodle" &amp; not a terrorist, because???
i was literally 3 rows behind these clowns!!! no respect for the young kids around!
you serious?!?!
i could go on and on. do i have mysterious psychic powers, or is there just a problem with these people?
ladies and gents, i introduce you to the nostradamus incarnated. brilliant bigot.
i'm starting to think the swarm are the reanimated mutated bodies of dead locust in gears 4
the cole train runs on whole grain! but still spoiler looks like marcus dies gg tc.
has anyone seen my pencil case?? it's pink and red striped with lots of pens and highlighters, erasers, and a tape measure! help plz
how is this going?
blitzkrieg is cming cramer...
speaking of "war" haha
gotta admit the main reason i'm still confident of a clinton win is i cannot believe americans are stupid/venal enought to go full trump.
i wouldn't put money on that.
never said money money aint got shit to do wit it ...nigga i still owe u 20 n i got hell of em money aint shit bro
if u wanna vent bout my blood get off twitter
column: with garoppolo hurt, jets will be in 1st place in afc east by the time brady returns
please please lets not go down this road again ....
all i hear in "i'd like a meetup before i take you on a date" is:
it's very strange to say you'd like to meet up before taking someone on a date. i don't understand the point.
i have decided to cast my ballot for donald trump in this election as a protest vote against diseases
lame joke. the aspiring blogger isn't very funny
i didn't realize her xbox name is the same as her twitter but she doesn't use twitter gotta introduce u on xbox
cool! thanks!!!
so, not presenting any defense then, should make it easy for the jury
not necessarily. state has to prove guilt. if def clouds with doubt it can make it hard for state--lp
can anyone in recommend someone to quote me on a new website?
reach us to get a free quote @
good luck today!!
tyvm friend
no love for bourbon creams or chocolate caramel digestives? oh, and of course, toffeepops
all decent shouts.
blackhearts: blackbeard's origin story, a gorgeous pre-pirate romance (blacksouls coming 4/17!)
the abyss surrounds us: pirate battles &amp; sea monsters trainers &amp; a slowburn hate-to-love romance
all i hear in "i'd like a meetup before i take you on a date" is:
is this a common thing?
first annual is prophetic. lmbo. they are sure it's gonna take off, friend.
clearly! lol
*when you have an annoying sister-in- law (photos) -
brand new tune star
proud to see receive the first young reporter for a sustainable future award
congratulations!!! just confirmation that you totally rock!
we faced the same challenge studying jaguars &amp; other felids!
scat dog bruiser would occasionally track down dung beetles rolling away the precious jaguar poop
i wish there was a way to cut back nail beds without hurting yourself. my thumbnail cracked &amp; i almost ripped my nail bed bc it's so long
narrowly avoided it and tried to file my nail/it down a bit but now it's right on the edge.
when i tell you that i hate my locals, i really hate my locals.
i would have added her as a friend just so i could roast her.
i went to a dinner w matt groening once, and he literally introduced me to maggie and lisa. insane.
omfg what! i'm speechless .
hot off the press ..sending 2 your way
is that two ply?
i have exactly two sweatshirts in my apartment and they're both ill-fitting. go me!
me dressing for a warm but rainy day: well i guess i'll go fuck myself then
yeah. pretty sure my video card is dying.
that image brings back painful memories of when my 3 thousand dollar alienware pcs video card died. same thing!
me too. has the site sped up again? the extreme slowness of the loading is where i lost track of it a few years ago.
it's definitely faster.
then , you send when black communities like flint, detroit are struggling.
but pontifications, exhortations to african-americans demanding they vote for war candidate
ugh these tea baggers on twitter are too much! they love censorship!
they r the worst! this tea bag betty is a total psycho!
happy birthday, ally!! love you
thanks bren love youu
is there a direct iv line?
i'm already starting to think about switching over to wine. it may be too early for that.
shout out to jss167.com who emailed us day after memorial for cyclist killed in phila to "strongly urge you to not adopt vision zero".
what was the justification?
intel institute: trump's iq is 156, hillary's is tiny, obama's is the worst in history interesting article.
i'm a trump advocate but i would forego iq for his courage and unfailing insight in making the right call.
why do you think voting for a career criminal,liar and thief like hillary equals goodness and optimism?
because you ae wrong. she is not a criminal or a thief. but trump brainwashes to that effect. gullibility.
obama
psheallowsholocaustby
hanging in in between thanks for the &amp; color...
have a great day jg!!!!!
we live in a world where 9 stabbings and 8 explosives across 3 states by terrorists - is in many ways, just another monday? so sad.
mainstream media has got us to this and what fox is transforming into is very worrisome!! just look at wallace yesterday
this guy is awesome. much respect.
absolutely crazy for cops to take that. could be poison, bomb, and even if normal they are on duty. thanks but no thanks.
, different lighting conditions can have an effect on how colors appear-bright artificial light vs. natural daylight, for example.
agreed but that should be stated, no? it looks great when overcast but in direct sun looks very pale blue.
i just published "starting from scratch."
congratulations, guys!
conway: birther theory started with clinton campaign | ap photo
what a croc! someone please explain the definition of facts over fiction .
i actually prefer the , however, from the function creation perspective treating an incomplete object might be a tedious task
that's why i would do: sendmessagefrom($email="a.com", $to = "b.com",.....);
hi brian. we regret to hear so, obviously. we would have liked to have a new fan! can you explain what you don't like about it?
i've used your shavers my entire adult life. 46 now. this one even with a fresh blade head never cut right. old ones rocked.
if only sarah paulson and marcia clark had walked the red carpet as conjoined twins.
i will watch paulson in anything.
i would have added her as a friend just so i could roast her.
this is one of the prime examples of what staten island is. pure fucking racism and xenophobia.
fill in the blanks: the worst thing that ever did to me was when he ____________________________________
watched me smoke a cigarette backwards smdh
when attending events it's very important not to lose your credential. *this picture has...
will you be at all week?!?
service on the northeast corridor has returned to scheduled operations. please check for specific train status info.
conductor on 180 said trains were single tracking between newark and tunnels. do you know why?
has a great coding rainbow about just that!
neither circle-packing exactly but i have and
that's just fantastic.
tweet. i saw a post from the mets saying only players on the 40 man roster can legally have name jerseys sold.
he's got a real shot at winning
this is why fear of trump is a good reason not to vote for him.
i guess there's a first time 4 everything!!!1!2
ok too early for shade that is the first and last time i abandoned u ok
cross tabs for the polls that show a close race usually reveals faulty methodology in modeling demographics and/or lv screens.
yup. exactly.
where can i find drake's whiskey? i know that dude only drinks moscato with ice but i need to try it
is it too early to be thinking about whiskey
lol, well you welcome to think what you will. but i wouldn't bet on it.
numbers are in, my friend. americans want child care, parental leave, health care. young people are better connected.
thx bro... we'll see how it goes
best of luck man!!
where can i find drake's whiskey? i know that dude only drinks moscato with ice but i need to try it
is it too early to be tweeting about drake
wake up america!!, it is our duty to look for &amp; capture the damn muslim dog that placed the bombs in ny and nj: ahmad khan rahami, get him!!
dude, we are. calm freakin down. jesus, grow some balls. you're an american
today is not good.
you can cancel today and get a rain check
no no, this happens every few years
right because the constellations shift so the math is different! so in babylonian times i was born under capricorn &amp; now it's sag
one receiver is the obvious focal point of his entire offense and the other is dez bryant.
one receiver supports his teammate while taking a penalty, the other screams at his when he doesn't get 3 targets in a row
i want to move to canada
lets go. or come to cali with me
listen to what trump said this morning -- it's why some people think he'll be a tyrant - the right scoop
he can't be a tyrant. the potus has almost no real power. pure ignorance.
can it be both???
i think its both for me lol
*when you have an annoying sister-in- law (photos) -
brand new tune
great deep dive on lastest poll : did donald trump just become the front-runner?
answer is no. why doesn't article just say that. jeez
neither circle-packing exactly but i have and
oh, also this code i was messing around with for a future video:
kurtz: , working the media refs, declares debate moderators unfair
strategizing as he brainwashed his supporters further!
i was thinking earlier that if you were here then i'd have someone to watch nollywood movies with
lmao nollywood tho . but forreal tho we are just too far apart smh
i believe mine are the x2 - i did replace the ear cushion foam things about a year ago, love them tho
awesome. thanks for the info good sir.
is there a politically-correct term for garbage collectors? what is it
sanitation engineer.
super weak pi call on cockrell
if anything that's opi
*when you have an annoying sister-in- law (photos) -
brand new tune
police activity on 45th &amp; 6th ave. street closed off. suspected bomb? explorer and dog are investigating.
just an fyi police are leaving the scene now.
what is """"""""""rains"""""""""" help pual i am from california
i have cried for the last 34 hours straight
where's my cut $?
can't trademark yer rig, but you'll always have a "first" footnote online.
so honored 2 be amongst impassioned reps seeking ways 2 aid millions..godspeed this week &amp; shukrahn
afwan, jill!! most welcome, and really look forward to staying connected!
did injuries ruin your week 2 lineup? use to send in your questions and our experts will answer in this week's fantasy minute.
yup! i have ap and doug martin. what should i do?
the office is closed today so we're working from home but that also means we won't get our weekly free company lunch. send help via venmo
still approximately 3.5 hours until we reach my goal. she donated, what's stopping you?
rt : it's not cheating if it's your boyfriends mom, right ?
what's the mothers @ name
low-skill immig dont harm low skill natives excellent -- shows intellectual emptiness of anti-immig nonsense.
you're empty one. the opposition is based on committing crimes and taking benefits without paying taxes. dishonest!
woke up craving this am with tea.
i'll be right over.
new tcp congestion control algorithm tcp_bbr: add bbr congestion control
looks good at first pass. need to think some more on this one.
video shows moment bomb robot accidentally detonated device found @ elizabeth nj train station.
omg i had performances in jersey all weekend and we stayed in a motel right in elizabeth. how scarey
sam bradford is the first qb in vikings history to win his first career start against the packers.
always a great day when a reference is dropped. victory!
give the state direct access to your phone and it'll deputize you to hunt muslims
and that's now. think is gonna get better if trump gets in? he's bragging that he knew it was 'islamic terrorism' all along.
*when you have an annoying sister-in- law (photos) -
brand new tune
the abyss surrounds us: pirate battles &amp; sea monsters trainers &amp; a slowburn hate-to-love romance
the voyage to magical north a rollicking pirate-stowaway adventure for salts young &amp; old!
as harsh as nyc can be, i try to make my home as comfortable as possible. it's coming together.
just need to find art for the wall...but i can't commit to anything lol. maybe i can just frame some photos from my travels?
trump can't dance, that is why he is afraid of the dark (people).
"the trumpty dance is your chance to do the trump!" (but you know there's no way that dude likes his oatmeal lumpy.)
asia's multifaceted taste and texture preferences for chocolate via
this is awesome!
.'s tgfe is everything i want in a time travel. ttly uncool i have to wait til 2017 for the sequel ;)
you are a wonderful person :) :) :)
was in a crowd of parents when the first alert went off and again on a subway, this is how minority report was supposed to work.
even arab bros on the subway today we're like "eff that dude for ruining my commute."
working the refs: trump says holt, cooper, wallace, raddatz will be unfair to him at the debates. i asked him why
if you listened to wallace yesterday w kaine , i feel same way and fox is transforming fr f&amp;b to unbalanced &amp; biased
looking for a web designer, follow to get more details over dm, thanks!
submit your details here:
really, welfare is given out on every corner. are you blind?
in comparison it's laughable. doesn't help anything but bare survival.
12 reasons to date a recruiter. this is genius lol.
lol my dad was def a recruiter lmfao
at the end of the piece? i thought you asked what i'd do if i were you?
yeah, but new watch vs. just using my iphone. not about the 7.
van almost left hooks me and two nypd fools are looking at each other, at the van driver, at me, slack-jawed. yo this is _your_ job
mondays, right guys? *splat*
it's supposed to do so! i was so surprised when that sold. you never know which one people will like! have a good week!
thank you! same to you
muslims threaten": "if donald trump will be president, we will leave the us" (video)
that absolutely just breaks my heart
" is an art, not a science, it requires patience, thought, vulnerability, and intention."
some of the best pizza around!
no not at all, just shows your lack of understanding. i feel sorry for people like you.
i appreciate it, thanks.
but the lady in the white hat instigated it and guy friends had to jump in to protect her! she was talking mad smack!!
the dude in red screaming was a little excessive though.
i can't help but think that kneeling for the anthem is the 2016 version of the
if it stops happening in a few months time, will we classify it as a social fad? time will tell.
ok he is my 2nd favorite crab next to harry redhermit!
is his distant cousin!
i don't need to be up for another hour but i'm so excited to go to the headquarters today that i can't sleep :d
omg you are in town! let's go get ramen :)
not looking forward to the prick tests at all
pricking yourself 6x a day is no fun. don't worry your dr. will teach you how to do it. i had no one to teach me with my first.
as much as the times we are living in would want us to think that, there is still a lot of kindness to be shown
not times, common sense. police should not be accepting such offers regardless of kind motivation. foolish.
your contradicting yourself now. it's news by your own admission. one of them has come forward and is interviewed
no. your premise that press are obligated to treat a civil court accusation like a criminal conviction is flawed.
the hero who took down terrorist at mn shopping mall.
appears citizens need to be armed &amp; trained not disarmed &amp; maimed. we are dealing with a form of guerrilla warfare
what do you think will happen with interest rates in september?
i have no crystal ball, but i don't expect the fed to hike... keep in mind: i thought the uk would vote to remain in the eu
i should never schedule to makeup a quiz at 730 again
i feel tired just reading that
wishing quick recovery to flyer pr guru zack hill who was hospitalized this wkend with a lower body injury
do they call up dan fremuth from ? if so, will he run out of options and need to clear waivers when he goes back? ;)
tried these on the course this morning!!! shot 76 think i might like them!!
nice one. should be goin cheap now.
i need one of those apps that tells you how long it's been since you quit smoking but for chewing gum
same but for drinking water
i know selling out america is taxing, but doesn't hillary look more and more like soros every day?
they could be brother and sister
nyc: $86k/yr salary + $1m in the bank because someone will match your bid in all cash on any apartment.
this is disengenuous. id like to see north bk, west bk, and manhattan as its own group. nyc so much bigger than others on list
"ahmad khan rahami" cue the liberals shitting their pants cause once again we have a muslim
srsly, calm down. we will get this guy and anyone else who threatens us. you're american. have courage
trump: clinton wants to allow "100s of thousands of these same people" that have "hatred &amp; sickness in their heart"
you really do help him get his ugly message out don't you? free publicity for every loathsome utterance.
we're so sorry to hear, this should not be happening. we suggest you to take it into your local store.
i don't have the receipt and i'm mad i threw away $60tan shorts and white t shirts b/c it bleed on them
watch: explosive device detonates near elizabeth train station as robot was examining it
this is so scarey. we stayed in a motel right up the block from there
they added it months ago
im l8 oh well
love the notion the rnc could stop gop governors from running for prez, but couldn't stop a clinton friend/donor.
so extremely shallow from both you but expected
*you* now admire. people here remember(and talk about) the ugly parts.
well, not me, everyone else
as much as the times we are living in would want us to think that, there is still a lot of kindness to be shown
imagine plan to simply to get their hands full of food/drink so they'd hesitate when attack came. really dangerous.
-turn up ft on with w/f cc
brand new tune
this sounds great, thanks for sharing!
oh adriyanna it's so adorable and inventive (and there's an island of badass librarians which????!!!!!!)
"so take me to the paradise in your eyes." // get brns' new single "american money" from his album 'dopamine.'
larsen you look amazing !!
i miss it too chris! i'm still at siriusxm though...dc is cool too i guess
good to hear from you tommy! :)
field of tulips
are you in holland? gorgeous!
great .. america - says thank you.!
everyone pictured there are 100 % wimps, they chant "lock her up" nightly, then cry when called
florida-ut loses a lot with no del rio
true but watch tennessee still found a way to lose for 12th straight time.
i dont get yall ....want me to call u nigga like what yall so weird acting
just stay off the twitter with this shit dude.
i really wish i could
there is hockey at 3pm...cheer up!
did i seriously get 1 fucking point from adrian peterson
and he's hurt
are cameras going to be allowed for closing statements?
judge hasn't said yet. i would hope so.
in my career, i have applied to work at google, facebook and twitter. none even gave me a phone interview.
ooh - what did that tweet say?
palestine: a settler colonialism analysis course - israel and limits of academic freedom at uc berkeley
does any1 believe if this course organized by local zionists w/ israel's agenda, would have ditched it?
like people using the word "muslim" when referring to people deemed dangerous to be allowed into the country.
it's basically saying if one serial killer is really into plaid shirts thn we should be arresting all people who r really into plaid shirts.
i'm looking for an advanced web developer to work on a project...hum if you are interested
submit your details here:
hillary clinton has always had our backs with receipts to back her resume up!
she is about to be our first woman president. everything she does will be change. trump all talk. &amp; inconsistent.
trump on brussels: i was "right" abt terror risk on orlando: "appreciate the congrats" on manhattan: "i called it"
. you called it donnie. you and pepe the racist frog. it's not easy being mean
that d is unreal. thanks for stealing them from us .....
they just need to practice jumping on loose balls this week. then they're set
pink &amp; friends
happy monday lovely red and blessings friends!
and what exactly is wrong with pregnant ducks?
well when the order comes in for dinosaurs...
whoa, this isn't an amber alert. concerned this won't end well.
so actionable.
well, i must be nostradamus. either that, or islam kind of has a problem. how do you explain how so many ppl guessed this?
why are you so bent over wanting to blame a religion of billions of people on the acts of one person/group? new standard?
hooking you up with tickets before they go on sale! win your way into @ 7a w/ f&amp;g!
playing now!! right after the song is over are hooking you up with tickets!! &gt;&gt;&gt; 888.456.9970
penguina made some roster cuts following the disappointing rookie tourney.
they should change their name to penguina tbh
[in michael caine voice]: "some people just want to watch the world burn."
remember when jill stein tweeted she sided with hillary on 91% of the issues? good times
team tony bc he's a fuckboi?
ding ding ding
a new low? lower than this? i don't think so.
but, the media is dishonest, isn't it? only when pro hrc? when a real new outlet covers this i'll comment.
how can i prevent bbq chain bubba from "liking" this tweet?
make your tweets private, but that sorta defeats the purpose
here are our red carpet faves. do you agree?
actually don't agree w rating women &amp; wht they're wearing is
afghan-born ahmad khan rahami adds his name to a long list of failed american immigration policy. it's a disgrace. what has happened to us?
correction: he's american and was radicalized growing up in america.
wtttttffffff is going on?!!
that was injune
i got to see it with nph in the lead, it's an awesome show
wow really? when was that? i didn't know he did a production of it. i've only ever seen it on with small companies.
mn terrorist screaming alahakbar &amp;hailed as soldier of isis but corrupt fbi &amp; hillary clinton still wont call terror
"possible". these people are unbelievable
really glad i signed up for the jeff jarvis emotion tracker.
i don't know when it's real or fake jeff jarvis anymore.
*you* now admire. people here remember(and talk about) the ugly parts.
well not me, personally, but it has become a cultural myth of the "good times" of islamic empires.
thank you, lauren. that means a lot to me.
we adore you so v. much. xo from my friends and my family!!!
"ooh, he gone age in dog years", "why are his teeth so far apart?" , "he prolly ain't got no rhythm in bed"
i do this almost daily lmao
when u take shots, don't feel anything, take more, then they all hit u at once
u after in n out
he was screaming for help!!! they fell on top of his kid, you and i would of acted a lil different in that situation i bet
lol. true. i just hope my scream wouldn't resonate at that pitch.
you obviously haven't looked at my tl. so you were
i don't look at people's tl. if you're trolling , you are pro trump, its is that simple.
speaking of "war" haha
i promulgated
i woke middle of the night not knowing where i am and who was room with me. it surreal experience
after 5 min realize was next to me
country music makes me wanna drink beer and fall in love or something
definitely gotta drink beer while listening to country music
mix - do you wanna funk (club mix) - sylvester 1982:
let's funk tonite mamacita bonita!
": refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming. lots young males, poorly vetted.
oh no! people like this guy might get in our country:
the emmy awards had its share of surprises, sure things and donald trump jokes.
- progressivism run-amuck. this is what happens when you have more dollars than sense. think venezuela - socialism fails.
i wonder if it is slightly higher or slightly lower regard than for david duke?
probably lower.
i wish i worked morning bc then i would write cute things on ur cup
you'd make me love my coffee even more :')
aiding and abetting apartheid
isn't it odd , buttress israel's apartheid when they are african-americans?
mn terrorist screaming alahakbar &amp;hailed as soldier of isis but corrupt fbi &amp; hillary clinton still wont call terror
rank-and-file fbi men are overwhelmingly for trump. comey is bought, but he's the one that has to be.
sing street was everything i'd heard and more! fun, moving, want to be a better bro. want to show my sons so they can be better bros too.
and that soundtrack. i need it!
how are you, dear?!
i wow up to the sound of a screaming baby who wanted to know if i was still alive bc i was dead ass asleep great monday 4 me!
"we need to look after our own first, say people who would never help anyone" satire of course but....
ain't that the truth! 90% of people who say that, do nothing for others.
have you seen this
wow mumu no i had not!this is great.
after 5 min realize was next to me
i don't know why took me so long realize where i was
they're probably closed today since upstairs is being raided.
i don't have any fried chicken joints by me.. gotta settle for wings and bar food
i promulgated
selling app tys from wireless stores who
this is proof positive that poc are not those who are protected when it comes to policing. the bottom line matters, not our lives.
same w/ some outlets only mentioning that he is afghan-born &amp; not saying he is a u.s. citizen. makes for wild speculations.
here are our red carpet faves. do you agree?
wonder where kids get it from picking apart some, admiring others based on way dressed
like a good dream where you are on a beach in the carribean or a weird dream like you're on a beach in southern new jersey?
not really good or bad
ridiculous. clinton responds to bombings in nj &amp; nyc by criticizing trump for saying "bomb;" cnn edits her comment.
only is allowed to use the word "bomb." why? she thinks she's special.
trump predicts more terror attacks in the u.s. because 'our leaders are stupid'
yeah this is right up his alley
i can get that breakfast two miles from my house. why would want to go to wdw and get that?
good question, when im at wdw and its really hot i try to find something small &amp; that worked for me lol
huge heroin problem in my state wv. very scary &amp; sad. problem needs addressed immediately.
new york also get liberal promises for years just gets worse , finding needles is school bathrooms sick
you can not complain if you do not vote. in the words of my president: "go vote!"
you can only complain if you dont vote
then you shouldn't be offended by this then joshy boy...
i'm not a liberal &amp; have no issue w/your right to be an a$$hole in public. glad to see you've embraced your role.
selling app tys from wireless stores who
better 2 subsidize them? + deliver higher
though i wonder how many people immediately dismissed it after the dozens of wolf-cry flash flood warnings we've had
this alert was one of the most irresponsible things i've seen in a while.
but sometimes i think its lost that obama doing certain things (especially the larger symbolic gestures) dont help him govern
lol its kind of like when ppl were criticizing him for not saying "poverty" instead of for not doing enough to fight poverty.
like people using the word "muslim" when referring to people deemed dangerous to be allowed into the country.
i am not even talking about all the horrible uncalled for things people are generalising to millions of innocent people.
he never should have graced us soil
our immigration policy will not be able to stop every bad guy or potential bad guy. not even israel has figured that out. relax
i might have to buy this just for the artwork. awesome!
is that not supposed to be degrom?
that's true, although i wouldn't underestimate the hypnotic effect of the watson brand on senior management.
i'm told having me in meetings cuts down on hypnosis
i can get that breakfast two miles from my house. why would want to go to wdw and get that?
your right though its nothing special but i love starbucks frappes and i found out that the gouda sandwhich is great too
lmao, come back to earth! she'd b better off having 1 of her fainting spells then showing up for that debate
she doesn't have a chance. w/in 1 hour of trump taking office he will "jobs", end crime, end terrorism &amp; immigration. lol
bitch please
i'm down with this
either with pretzels or doritos or i use it to cook
lol i've never tried that, but cream cheese and doritos sounds surprisingly delicious.
sneezing while driving is some scary stuff
i have always thought that!
lmao i just watched it 5 more times just for the scream!!
that's a scream of love.
lets go. or come to cali with me
cali would still be considered america lmao i wanna gtfo canadians live so peacefully
apple again made the impossible happen.i don't think there's ever been major product that got worse from beta to launch.then ios 10 happened
but, notwithstanding the lack of a headphone port, the black iphone 7 plus is a thing of beauty.
jesus there's an option for it on us carriers? wild
yeah i didn't even know it was something you could opt out of, which is kind of insane if you think about it
assume you are unaffected by pressure cooker situation by the way?!
fine! usa going crazy, nyc just carrying on staying sane. you may need a laptop or desktop for ipad.
expert on cnn just now: "two or three lone wolves may have gotten together."
i stopped reading at expert on cnn !!
better 2 subsidize them? + deliver higher
arpu? (average revenue per user)
that's humanity isn't it? reflecting happiness to strangers. not in some vacuous dozy way, just trying to reciprocate smiles &amp; pleasure
i have my fair share of hellos to strangers whilst in new york. felt good, was nicely welcomed &amp; it didn't cost a thing.
had an incredible 2016 kickoff with the marketing this weekend!
jess, you guys are ten kinds of amazing! you really put on a phenomenal and awe inspiring event. kudos!
what in your tweet indicated it was sarcasm?
the literal 1 million exclamation points. it's impossible to discern sarcasm online without knowing how i speak in real life.
reading mams are really, really hard for humans. after being a rad tech i knew i'd never sue a doc for not finding a tumor.
actually i don't know much about this world, tumors can't be seen rather clearly in x-rays?
no, curtis is describing responsability.
voting only encourages them
this is the man the , and want to talk to. they caution, he may be armed
kill him with frozen matzoh balls from a jewish feli
agreed. it both surprises and disappoints me. i guess cognitive dissonance affects even the best of us... :(
has any mogul through history trying to push/transform society had more than cursory empathy for human costs?
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
happy birthday aaron hope you have a day filled with strippers and booze mr. michigan state
im dead alisha this is why i love you.
:)) ily too
i love that you guys tweet at each other
we love you, phil. matt's on a business trip!
hope everyone stays safe in nyc, after these idiots try and disrupt people's lives 'reinthistogether
all goood! thanks so much!
talking about soundtracks... whatever you think about any of the star wars films, the music in each movie is just impeccable.
john williams is a genius. the guy actually writes the music for the movies.
what in your tweet indicated it was sarcasm?
also the fact that why the fuck would i be excited for a manhunt in nyc when i work in a 5 block radius of grand central
why are you going to be stripped of your eu-citizenship?
have you not heard?
am i the only one to think mozilla asking for feedback on their logo directions is getting the public to do your job?
it's not spec work, as it's voting on preference of provided directions. however, it's definitely dumb. design by committee.
body goals!
i might be on a walk with your podcast. feels like you're right here with me!
current options include: - portland - austin - boulder - pittsburgh
here's an option you probably didn't consider: boise, idaho. far cheaper than boulder or portland, not too cold, and lots of other +s
yes, it actually is. search "predate" on here :-/
this is so odd lol. why not just ask them out for coffee or lunch instead?
everyone knows how much i want to work for the department of education. everyone knows i'm invested in politics and law.
everyone knows i can go on forever about policy reform especially in education.
oh my gosh when did u take the first one? and where? i love it
chapman field the magical marsh
it appears the gnat is still annoying his betters (, , , &amp; ) with his incessant buzzing. bad gnat.
the gnat 1 day older than my daughter. 10 years ago i felt sorry for him; brainwashed
what we know about ahmad khan rahami
- muslim, foreign born, one of hillary's peeps!
nyt's dowd: my ny lefty pals want trump censored, and want to censor anti-hillary stories!
finally someone with the balls to tell the truth!!
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
. when your special brand of racism is dead all the emoji s will be happy ones
&gt; this applies to
thanks for the feedback, ray. appreciate you reading. have a great week.
rain with embedded thunderstorms have been pushing through this morning.
expect some breaks but more to come before it all clears out sometime between tonight and tomorrow morning. be safe! jc
weird food self care: anise cookies, adult root beer, and basil sorbet with fresh strawberries and a balsamic glaze.
that all sounds amazing
for 2 years i've felt obliged to suppress this thought but i can't any longer: i prefer the size of the iphone 5
apple makes the lovely iphone se.
jon snow really a bastard lol. cersei beasted. rip to my son king tommen.
he's the right type of bastard tho half stark and targaryan
dnc emails passwords on hacked system: how clueless they really are via
this is a joke right.. could they be that stupid... smh
give the state direct access to your phone and it'll deputize you to hunt muslims
only gonna get worse!
thanks for your unique take on the contest, louis! you're officially in the running
very cool , thank you! fingers crossed!
i spoke to joel sollender, the 91-year-old former prisoner of the nazis taking it to trump in hillary's latest ad:
thank you for this, yair.
thinking about who is a rock of stability in a changing world: covalent &gt; springsource &gt; vmware &gt; pivotal &gt; dell
you're too kind josh! it's a team effort and we couldn't do it without you!
that's awesome! i'm much more south than that, but it'll still be great to have you in florida
awe! whereabouts are you? we will definitely be able to hang out, nonetheless! yay! :)
kris jenner says she keeps tabs on her kids through social media - do you think this is helpful for parenting? why?
it's 2016, if kids live on social media, then you know how to monitor them. it's on social media, no expectation of privacy
everyone knows i can go on forever about policy reform especially in education.
every last piece of work i've done for my ib internal assessments was about analysis on academic achievement and socioeconomic status
another troll utterly destroyed. bye, intolerant name-calling pathetic troll jimmy!
lol, you were destroyed before the 1st of your 20 unanswered tweets. teach you not to troll
the more 2016 goes on, the more i sympathize with that friend everyone has who drinks too much and mumbles, "i don't know man, i don't know"
sorry about the dolphins again
seriously, millions of middle-aged hillary supporters do absolutely nothing for her campaign but share bad memes. it's killing her campaign.
i've never heard her supporters talk about anything she's done. just taking shots at her opponents or their supporters.
and i meant :) at the end of that last one. lol
yes lol ur right plus i normally have to "waste" at least 6 quick service credits in 2 days cuz i never use them all
wait a minute, the "people" album in ios photos is not synced with the one in osx photos. are you fucking kidding me?
keeping that shit organized is the main activity in osx photos. i'm sure not doing it twice.
hi, coming to over new york from may 15th to 18th 2017. i was wondering how much one your passes are?
hi chris, you can find all of our prices here: - karolina
not today, i was up till 5 am for elizabeth. following from home
i saw a crew from rai and was wondering if you'd be with them!
really dude? go call vivian with the flammable mop!
her name is actually dana, , &amp; she is an innocent, unaware, about to be, victim. we need 2 catch up!
it appears the gnat is still annoying his betters (, , , &amp; ) with his incessant buzzing. bad gnat.
my feelings have changed over the years. he's old enough to know better.
yeah i am. that album is my baby lol
i'm gonna go play it now, thanks.
urgent! visiting nyc. need good pizza place for lunch on monday near . please help!
chef larry's team also makes tasty flatbreads at intrepid marketplace on our mess deck!
we regret to see you go. hope to see you back in the friendly skies some day. ^nm
thanks. you left me no choice. you dumped my regular route. hey, you're still better than delta! see you in october
i am pretty sure this helps
nice spin hugh but very unlikely!
and i meant :) at the end of that last one. lol
i love getting the dining plan but i normally only eat 1 meal a day and a snack for breakfast. so i end up with credits left
both the sunset and practice were all coincidences! wouldn't it be funny if you stopped by our place? what a coincidence!
haha, it would!
read more at:
us is known to kill allied soldiers (foes) in friendly bombardment and friend firing!! old america habit to backbite own friends.
hate liberals? bite me.
first, , then , then , then gone &amp; , !
we'd love to work on that - 5 of our employees ride the l and struggle with this every morning!
that would be amazing if you yall did. you already work on some pretty awesome projects. keep up the great work!
keeping that shit organized is the main activity in osx photos. i'm sure not doing it twice.
it also seems to lack a "merge" function which would be nice since it's identified my 2 kids as 7 different people.
writer? entries needed!!!
thank you for thinking of me!:)
mmmmmmmmm i am so glad i am not the one driving today
if only i could use this as an excuse to not go to work...............................................
every last piece of work i've done for my ib internal assessments was about analysis on academic achievement and socioeconomic status
i have at least a hundred pages of my own free thinking in my hard drive just on college board statistics and its correlations to that
watch: cnn's tapper hammers christie for falsely claiming trump wasn't pushing birther issue
2 peas ina pod
i have 3 pieces of 20x30 foam board, it's soaking wet, and everyone on the train hates me
it's like the train of life where the millenials get judged for doing their best
mostly new apartment buildings only afaik. our old place is either comcast or, ugh, adsl.
can you do comcast internet only? then at least you don't have to suffer all those ghastly tv channels
and i meant :) at the end of that last one. lol
it was free dining so it wasnt a big deal but normally i buy the plan
for 2 years i've felt obliged to suppress this thought but i can't any longer: i prefer the size of the iphone 5
they call it the iphone se because now you can tell people, see i told you it was a better size!
happy birthday to my favorite baby girl love you and hope you have a day that's as great as you!!
thank you!! love &amp; miss you
very good, but in that case we have to accept the "avian flatulence" etymology for hawkwind
meanwhile, guns n roses was honoring very muscled gardeners.
is it politically correct to say this was a bomb, or will cnn chastise me?
they will say it's a figment of our imagination. only is allowed to use the word "bomb."
to be their background whenever they're at the forefront.
it's killing them they're slowly being overturned as the majority
cali would still be considered america lmao i wanna gtfo canadians live so peacefully
oh that's why lol i thought you meant get of nyc generally
this weekend i went home so i wouldn't have to go flirt w every guy at
"wow i love your tote"
it's like the train of life where the millenials get judged for doing their best
dude said to me, "why wouldn't you take a car?" fam i'm broke, so watch me bring my soggy ass foam onto the train in rush hour
what in your tweet indicated it was sarcasm?
(slash why the fuck would anyone be excited about a manhunt, except actual man hunters and maybe sociopaths? common sense.)
yea but astrologers don't follow that so nothing will actually change if you follow it. came up a few years ago too &amp; no switch.
right i don't follow it at all it's just weird to think that i was born under a different sign than i always thought cuz of math!
yessssssssssssssss we are going
yay i was hoping you'd say that!!
i suppose it's rude to qualify "charming". i hope the kids are enjoying it.
was e's whole-school camping trip-basically a k-5 woodstock-he enjoyed it :)
i'm no priest but i can tell you what's right or wrong killing is wrong loving is right
where is the sophistication in that?
i have at least a hundred pages of my own free thinking in my hard drive just on college board statistics and its correlations to that
i'm really not mad, i'm more hurt and disappointed.
what did you think was the highlight of last night's awards? tweet us!
the highlight of the was the diversity of the winners &amp; sterling's "the one who wears my chain" ha! classic moment!
everyone's mad because obama hasn't commented on chelsea bombing. he was briefed a half hour ago. didn't want to speak before he had facts!
it never ceases to amaze me how people would rather have knee-jerk reactions than educated, insightful, factual comments.
i have a list.. what's the best email address for you?
you want this list. for serious.
and when you do, i won't give a shit. good luck with your corrupt hag.
lol, love to see how 'd react if used tcf to buy a portrait of herself
it also seems to lack a "merge" function which would be nice since it's identified my 2 kids as 7 different people.
it merges when you identify the two sets as the same person. or you can select multiple and manually merge.
donald trump on terror fight: police are "afraid to do anything" over profiling fears
you want to tell that to the nyc counter terrorism unit which is the best in the world??
yes trump will be in dumpsters and at the entire border and airport and stop em all. u believe the con
it's better than letting the sand scum into the country
30% of millennials see no difference between clinton/trump on climate. 28% see no difference on college debt:
given that hrc said how real climate change is &amp; djt said its a hoax concocted by the chinese shows how ill-informed they are
honestly these type of wins are better than blowout and easy wins. they build character. i like it.
word i'm just not trying to jinx it lol
now, just improve the weather for more ...
it's a beautiful city. especially along lake shore.
military,sports or corporate /agency?
my dad was a marine recruiter
afghan and somali refugeed -- now isis soldiers. obama want millions of syrian refugees
question is when was he sworn in as us citizen. don't see him passing that test
lets go thursday
im working all day .. if you can come over thursday, ill get you so you can help me pack
on : lose, 17-14, to . time for +/-. what's your biggest negative/biggest positive? guessing a lot of one.
biggest + is daniels and that d line. solid up front. - is rodgers and the offensive rhythm
and you need therapy
the only thing i need is for a president with a set of balls to get rid of the sand scum in this country
hot car no. 2442 on 1 train southbound, .
almost every 1 train i've taken recently has lacked ac.
feels good to be 21! all i need to do now is learn how to tie a tie and get some facial hair
happy birthday brotha!! hmu next time you in the city, i gotta make my way up there soon tho!
yo dog what about cheesemongers
that's a fantasy
that's how we do.
keep it movin...
its so weird to me that sanaa lathan and jada pinkett-smith are the same age
they're both beautiful as ever though
how to kill your own business in a moment. ping
what did they do? my premium subscription just expired, contemplating to renew or not
obama spokesman: 'we are in a fight, a narrative fight' with isis
earnest also said "muslims contribute so much to america, they are lawyers, drs, there were lawyers, drs. in nazi germany!
all i want is to fit in and have friends but it's never gonna happen
don't ever think that way. i'm sure you will have friends . one or two good ones is all you need
the green room was super good by the way. the depictions of violence in that directors movies are excellent. awkward... like actual violence
loved this movie so much. soundtrack was od good too.
is currently experiencing departure delays between 15 mins and 29 mins due to tm initiatives:swap:wx
is currently experiencing departure delays between 31 mins and 45 mins due to tm initiatives:swap:wx
she was beautiful and you were so handsome
i was thinking the same thing!
check out this fantastic review from charged.fm!
"...an extraordinary performance by , whose remarkable vulnerability excuses every one of mary's imperfections."
im not going to class today ahaha im panicking so much about this bomber they're looking for living in nyc is great ahaha.....
i am trying really hard to make myself go
yes trump will be in dumpsters and at the entire border and airport and stop em all. u believe the con
the con isobama n hillary
i don't know how these people start dating someone and they feel like they got to ask for permission to see their friends like what
yea u a dub if anything has to happen
happy birthday john proctor, your flow is mediocre just like you. hope your day is average
thanks buddy, wouldn't be average without all those pics of you
rnc chairman: former candidates who don't back trump may not be allowed to run again
what kind of is that
don't worry they're moslems, it's a religion of peace.
finally shut my phone off from the
wore my best red for my boy glenn tonight. see you soon, riot fest!
that patch is legally binding
a pirate's fave saint &amp; mystic? hildegaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrd of bingen.
i'm stealing this!
check out: eddie jose morales short stories featuring zombies, paranormal, supernatural.
thank you for the shout out. much appreciated. have a great week :-)
nothing is permit only here, just removes time limits if you have one. ppl on free blocks seem to see at as theirs more
no permit areas in sf seem to have more parking crankiness, but also tend to be more car dependent in general.
that's what plants do, brother... speaking of which... here is my pepper plant this morning
thankyou sir...you are a giver.... wow, that's beautiful...
happy birthday to a fellow have a good one buddy
thanks rohrsey love u buddy
hope gardens is government owned? if not i'm pretty sure it's a private place
oh word? but it's used by the public without being charged any admission
. w/ wants to know: what was the best &amp; worst part of this week so far?
my rbs forte an johnson comined for 42 points but my receivers cooper an a rob put up duds
please, share this video w/ younger people in your life. we don't want another national embarrassment.
lol, i didn't know he was running.....................so weak, you alt-rw clowns need to make up some new innuendos.
happy birthday my son go forth and prosper
i will do just that, thanks r con
the purchase app tys 2 give away 2
families purchasing ipads &amp; iphone7s
social media is crazy .. i can't even eat dinner without seeing someone snapchat their food .. or take a instagram photo
it's turnin into a bad habit smh
is it only white people who love dogs? i thought everyone loved dogs unconditionally (cept vick i guess)
i replied that because white americans are burning kaepernicks jersey, but didn't for others
ssn tix holders got that email over the wknd
we did? i have to pay more attention to my email
why didn't you make him watch last year. michael its an american classic
bc he sucks
i'm not sure he went to wdw.
i seriously didnt notice anything lol in my defense i tend not to be focus on my next attraction to visit lol
don't forget to hit me later
il let u know the situation later...came home like 6am smh
it's the oldest form of combat
by far the worst phase of his career.
my roommate just picked me up off the couch and held me like a baby. not cool. bro.
please tell me this was luke
it's going to be a long night
truth. for example, the fruit flies in my kitchen readily acknowledge a kinship with our bananas.
sorry david attenborough, we didn't evolve from 'aquatic apes'-here's why
."you can fool some of peoples some of the time, but not all the peoples all the time"= dna doesn't change or metamorphoses.(fyi&amp;duh)
after i whoop his rat ass &amp; how much crack you had to give that smoker...
you corny as shit go back in the closet
the september newsletter is here! click below!
thank you for sharing.
dude said to me, "why wouldn't you take a car?" fam i'm broke, so watch me bring my soggy ass foam onto the train in rush hour
same dude told me to get an education??? fam im on my way to class where ill get a bba so hop the fuck off
caption our of (barbershop quartet singer?) cam newton for a chance to win a 120 sports prize pack!
it's time to talk about something other than taking a knee.
you're missing me ignoring you and messing on my phone while we eat?
i meant the chinese...
as we begin , i am grateful for members who have made 3,600+ commitments, which have improved 435+ million lives.
especially lives of clintons including chelsea ivanka worked on child care policy chelsea works on foundation
you'd fit in then boy!;)
haha would've after yesterday's performance in the van boy
tbf windows has at least three different audio stacks if you count legacy apis and third-party stuff like asio.
most systems have at least two, usually three: a low level system, a general purpose system, and a pro-audio system.
why do palo alto restaurants &gt;1,000 square feet have to provide 4 parking spots or pay an in-lieu fee? just nuts
v common, big issue for la business too.
and we save more with a room only discount than we would paying rack with free dining. plus have an ap
ive had an ap the last 3 years but skipped this year. i need to move to florida its so cheap for an ap
it is shockingly hard to find a stock photo of non-white hands holding a smartphone.
we experienced this same thing while looking for photography for jam. finding diversity using tech at all is challenging.
what do you think on ipsy vs birchbox??
allure has a beauty box
unless they announce a date, i'd go when i normally go.
me, too! just go when i normally go :)
anyone else wishing raids didn't open for another week or two? no? just me? okay then.
we're heading in oct 11, "opening day" be damned.
yea? lol i let two older ladies on then got on. my bad
lmao nah i was getting on the 2 and you were getting off smh
co-sign...these kids raise the bar...amazing performances ; a little obsessed w/this show..
you're right, jill, el needs a mom - and i, along w many of ur other fans (i'm sure) think you'd be perfect!!
what did you think was the highlight of last night's awards? tweet us!
we had "satsang" (a gathering to hear spiritual truth) and then there was the vikings vs the packers game so the emmys's? no haha
"bomb" mistakenly detonated by police robot in new jersey sounds more like a big firecracker than a bomb
how true, and a small fire cracker at that.
just want a small apartment in a big city
it's not all it's cracked up to be. my kitchen is flooded cuz it's raining rn.
i'm all for helping them in their homeland
if we took care of them in their own country,for less money w/same results,then why not?political reason 4 bringing here.
trump predicts more terror attacks in the u.s. because "our leaders are stupid"
you are dumber than anyone can imagine
analysts have widely differing views on whether zika fears will hurt disney. $dis
. thanks for highlighting our blog post -- worth noting this too
tetrachromany in humans |..is real. it grants them the ability to distinguish shades of colors not visible to others
hat tip: the replies to this tw? dunning-kruger to the max!
. they're asking for nothing to be left.
i get where they r coming from totally.
we love this! did you just move into this new space?
thanks for asking. invited friends over &amp; wanted my place to welcome them w/good vibes. does that
commuting to the city when it's raining is the without a doubt the worst
bless the guy who was selling dollar umbrellas on columbus circle
here's why jimmy kimmel was one of the best hosts ever:
shouldn't that be "purely based"?
also, shameless plug, i'm the founder of which catches these kinds of visual issues in case you'd like a demo sometime!
perfectly plugged! you have a regression suite running against the public web as part of a marketing strategy?
the best thing we can do is fill our cities with plantlife
yes indeed, and inside the home as well...
you'd think "outrageously stupid federal rates" articulates the criticism quite explicitly :-)
i suppose you believe the rates too high, but what's the beef with sofi skimming?
that would be a "pack of lone wolves"??
what a fucking retard, any time to muslims gather that's known as a terrorist meeting
custard cremes are good biscuits
are they your favourite though?
i have to go to samsonville at the end of september. which bus do i take?
maybe you can find a park-n-ride. that's really the middle of nowhere; society isn't obliged to make it possible or easy
another lovely day in pitlochry. anyone else care for a swim?
looks warm and sunny enjoy. where r u off to next
kasich: i will not be 'bullied' by rnc chair for not supporting trump
you ass-hole jerk very bitter old man..... go far away.....
democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton speaks at an airport in ny. watch on
she's dying so who cares what she has to say
families purchasing ipads &amp; iphone7s
toy companies make additional revenue
"you want to come to walmart?" he asks his wife. "no," maria says, knowing what a trip to walmart means.
wapo editors, writers, bosses all live in secure gate communities &amp; never drive a walmart or mingle with the great unwashed!
.: "we will defend our country and we will defeat the evil, twisted ideology of the terrorists."
- unless they donate to the , then we'll look the other way!
expert on cnn just now: "two or three lone wolves may have gotten together."
anytime two or more muslims gather in a room that's called a conspiracy terrorist gathering
throughout his life, donald trump has surrounded himself with members of a single minority group. my special report:
what posted is backhanded (shame on us for this) let his daughter convert to judaism&amp; marry orthodox
lol all in the airport
damn you're leaving already. hope you bringing me back some papi's
here's an essay i wrote about hamilton/fandom that appears in hope you enjoy it.
wonderful piece. sharing it. but none of my videos? :-(
happy belated bday boo
thank you!! you know it's virgo shiiiit
ahhh *ding dong* - didn't know you are british. but you're welcome to get a dutch passport (if i would be in charge)
that's very kind of you. you've only got 2 years to become pm though
yes but they are mostly all carbs. please include some protein
carbs are not a food group. all of these foods have all 3 marcronutrients- protein, carbohydrates and fat.
can you give me soma weather for sunday,
i certainly can. as of now, it looks sunny &amp; warm with highs in the 80s.
rnc chairman: former candidates who don't back trump may not be allowed to run again
showing real colors now nadia antics by chairman
i think he and i have a very different definition of "friendship".
id befriend him. but im a known tramp
toy companies make additional revenue
on app purchases 4 the app tys
they killed my boy biggie
when shes in the airplane i die
what's wrong with being known for rocky and cheesesteaks?
only being known for rocky and cheesesteaks
online dating app feature i wish existed: don't allow messaging until the other person has looked at your profile for at least 30 seconds.
without blinking.
no am show. reason: your fav in satellite center
now the 5 pm shot
dude, only 20 ppl were injured, it was just another muslim bombing relax. we get bombed by them all the time!
we live in a dangerous world and we cannot put our heads in sand or wall it off. great nations confront the world w/ confidence
whyyyyyy do my uber driver look mad good thoooo????
is his name hector?
two great playlists for a work day like today:
if you really want to do it right, mix in some rain in the background
. that's it, cenk bernie's got a fab new third vacation home jeff weaver (mr comicbookstoreworker) probably skimming screw u
nobody cares how many vacation homes bernie, or any politician for that matter, owns. more interested in who owns hrc.
it is! i can't wait to eat it!
better stop saying things like that, your scaring it.... it's reading your every thought...
alkaline after all 100,000 jmd money pullup boom boom and harry hype via
quick cook will not be pleased with boom boom getting so much money pull up
that fucking rant could have gone on forever and i'd be into it
definitely same here!
unless it's biz class -- don't sit in the first seat...
if it's a train, just sit in biz class...
"fopdoodle" being the most adorable insult i've ever heard
this case was so good
maybe you need to go join the kkk while you're at it. better yet, go join the military and fight the terrorism yourself
anybody with a name like justin britney jason permeates the everybody gets a trophy attitude america is fucked
on app purchases 4 the app tys
lastly, app tys are based on
listen at 12:15 and 3:15 ... we give away the cash three times a day.
i know but when i filled out the form it asks u to choose the time and that would b the time used if your name was picked
i was just asking cuz it didn't seem right to me
it was an "in an example" sarcastic but true statement.
love trumps hate
do you watch tv? nobody hates more than . she even hates her staff! lol
i'm honestly flabbergasted by that reason to not vote
the guy who ironically worships a snake god doesn't vote, probably doesn't even own a tv.
yeah, ban all muslims and all bad people too while you are at it. then we all live happily ever after.
food for thought chris my kids schl jst banned nuts bc 5 of ovr 700+ kids r allergic &amp; threat to 5 outweigh 700
and you need therapy
it's going to take people 30 and over to defend america pussies like you can't do the job
considering you use our products for a long time already, you already do this though, but still! &lt;&lt;
i keep my grooming tools very clean.
out of curiosity, did you use the provided wall charger or the one you used to have? (just checking you're not using a 1a one)
the provided one is only 1a...?
hey, is it safe to freeze hotshot? won't it lose its properties?
hi david, it's safe to freeze hotshot. won't impact it's properties.
listen at 12:15 and 3:15 ... we give away the cash three times a day.
did i misunderstand the time issue??
maggie, that's an excellent idea!!!!!!
right??!! so how do we do this, start the campaign?!
what the pc politicians don't understand about islam:
yeah because in other news, not one white person committed a crime this weekend. ..you enjoy terror attacks.
this is disingenuous. agreement on issues is not agreement on policy and you're sage enough to know the difference.
? scorecard stein tweeted literally lists every clinton policy (even uses that word) she agrees with
i shop while i'm in class makes it more enjoyable
that's what i'll be doing lol
we've had multiple successful and attempted terror attacks, yet zero word from . unbelievable. our president is awol.
. actually he texted me and told me to tell you to fuck off.
love your taste in b movies
thank you, ms. muffin, a fellow connoisseur !!!
argument made that first 2012 debate ended at 43 minutes - when ben smith called romney the winner
if you're paying attention to real time reporter commentary, you miss what's actually happening at the debate
drank four greyhounds for breakfast at the airport
bruh come chill with me at the coffee bar
man it's really true...all you have to do is have blinding confidence in yourself and your goals...things will fall into place
couldn't agree with you more bro!!
the venus project - inside the new cities look at the plantlife in the inner city and throughout
thankyou i'll check it out...
inefficient bulbs produce 50% more heat than leds. upgrade &amp; give your business' cooling equipment a break.
but you don't say how dangerous it is to dispose of them
there's a retail store locator on the website- 8 in nyc
i want to drink it at a bar but on second thought, it's probably better and less embarrassing at home
happy monday!! :)
- happy (rainy) monday to you! so excite to sing for, &amp; see you on saturday!!
yea, for private uses. but you cant blame them for wanting to charge professionals for using their space in prof. applications.
well i understand from that pov
you should be. unfortunately, it sure his opponent should engender less terror. and if so, not by much.
this is what they gave us to choose from....
so.... we could all just meet in the locker room for 10 minutes and then go home??
haha not sure how true those facts are or how they do their studies, am sure many men wouldn't mind trying it out
no one shoots me down like . or as often. and i know guys with guns.
does that to me a lot i feel you.
trump: we'll have more bombings because 'our leaders are stupid'
- he's right and his message is resonating! the 'left' is in a stupid-perpetual-dishonest state of denial!
not just millions. islam is a religion of over a billion people that gets condemned for the actions of thousands.
majority of all people are good, but how they are defined is too often decided by how government and media decides to represent radicals.
wilmington, nc! i headline this weekend! friday and saturday! (the days of the weekend!) come!
i know a bunch of peeps in wilmington actually. i'll let them know, sir.
just realized that both lead and supporting actors in a comedy series were cis men playing women.
at the *very* least jeffrey tambor made it clear that he wants it to stop.
darn. i have two friends who can bring one to me this wrk but nowhere to buy them
i'm going to be checking for myself this week... so i have problem checking for you too. what model/color are you looking for?
obama's pattern of malfeasance is clear. he is flaunting constitutional limits on his authority, violating the law.
i think you mean flouting, but given you're a rightwing extremist, i understand your failure to speak english.
pay no attention to the giant floating mountains on the horizon.
went to ak once for 3 hrs cuz no dinosaur! i spent 80% of my trip at mk.
lastly, app tys are based on
mvies studios drive traffic 2 stores
you're hatred is doing more harm to you than anyone else.
i hate criminals &amp; people who cause harm to the people of this great country to make a dollar like hrc
happy 17th birthday baby!! i hope you have an amazing day. i love you
thanks baby i love you too
i hate myself when i'm that bitch that posts a vid of them-self singing on their finsta.
everyone else hates you too
hey gun nuts! i made a shirt for you.
since so many gun nuts seem to like the all lives matter movement, they'd probably like some all amendments matter shirts too
i'm sure anyone who got injured with shrapnel has a good narrative for mr earnest.
amazing what a little distance makes, doesn't it?
4/ focus group them to make sure they resonate w women, milllenials, hispanics to energize get out the vote. run at them hard.
at this point, i disagree. focusing on his awfulness isn't working. too many still see him as "lesser of two evils."1/
well you obviously have issues.....just based on your past 3 tweets alone.
hahaha yes, i have issues because i am sarcastic and defend my sarcasm to someone with the common sense of a squid.
trump says former gop candidates who don't endorse him should be banned from running in 4 years:
actually people that vote trump should be banned from voting for 4 years.
haus of plv designs, probably one of my favorite looks of the night. i hit center runway.
i was freebaliin in them sweat pants they had no type of pockets tho
you guys a man complimented me on my eyebrows and i don't know what to do
is it weird that that seems somehow grosser?
darn. i have two friends who can bring one to me this wrk but nowhere to buy them
i'm going to be checking for myself this week... so i have no problem checking for you too. what model/color are you looking for?
can't stand when people comment about my weight and looks on a political post... grow the fuck up
something seriously wrong with people
he didn't have sex w/everyone in hollywood, but at least he has sex unlike you who spends her days on stan twitter
it's a joke - calm yourself
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
american nation is under attack by murderous muslims &amp; you want us to stop &amp; wish this turncoat "happy birthday"? hahaha,
sorry i didn't see this sooner. keep me on your list!
i don't have a list.
collection for : gorgeous leathers with a twist!
oh my. want so many of the pieces!
u.s., what songs do you want to hear on our headliner this fall? get your vip or general admission tickets now!
a toast to the future kids plz
standout re: def line on sunday? their motor. never gave up on plays even if it got past them. chasing down receivers from behind.
david irving. three qb hits. also, terrell mcclain had another solid game. and malik collins is making strides.
mvies studios drive traffic 2 stores
now you know why the evil brothers
death gotta be easy, cause life is hard.
life is hard but nobody wants to die
if killary steals election, it's going to come to this sooner than later!
i do not curse; however, i'm so that we need these guys&amp; r great generals
trump called the iraq war a "disaster," then hired one of the iraq war's most fervent advocates as an adviser.
"if he says something nice about me, i'll say something nice about him."
4/ focus group them to make sure they resonate w women, milllenials, hispanics to energize get out the vote. run at them hard.
i think what turned the tide following the dnc was people were reminded she is qualified and not a cartoon villain. 2/
no, lisa. you're wrong. i know he's a lib and gay. i bet you're shocked. get off my back.
the trump ppl do this. hate gays, hate blacks. think we should clean or entertain but never think, never vote.
unfortunately the 3 month promo expired on 9/16, but we're glad to hear you were able to sign up through another offer!
i literally saw it the morning after i signed up.
she needs to get over it. he was evicted. she keeps going on and on about him and it's droll at this point.
she is in love with him so she's going to bring him up he should be there
a) sweaty af b) terrible c) terrible
never go outside. not worth it.
love trumps hate
so do i and millions of other people. live with it, he is going to be your next president. lol lol lol
what trump would do in face of terror in us: react too fast &amp; ignorantly to prove his toughness. we are all at risk. we would all suffer.
he'd hit the nuclear button and then oops
now you know why the evil brothers
emanuel's are implicated in all my
so now the suspect for the explosion is a muslim man...can't say i didn't see this coming
lol of course it is!
good morning
good morning!
y'all i really just love calum hood so much. his smile makes me smile like an idiot
i want him to father my children
monday morning. someones about to go down...
didn't have a song, "love in an elevator" ';)?
4/ focus group them to make sure they resonate w women, milllenials, hispanics to energize get out the vote. run at them hard.
story of the dnc was less anti-trump and more pro-hillary. i think that has been entirely lost past month plus 3/
thank you dear darren i love and appreciate it. please have a wonderful and blessed monday my dear friend xoxo
you're mre than welcome kim. so glad you like it. thanks so much! i will if you will dear friend. much love to you :-)
want to do a small part to help defeat trump in november? rt this link and get everyone registered, and confirmed.
this screwed up on me. tried to use if for verification and it treated me as a new applicant. did i miss a cue?
designer is to iman shumpert like, young ma is to kevin gates
a collab one of these days would be nice
this is the most important thing i have ever written
this is a perfect piece of media. thank you.
7 games left in my high school career
enjoy them while they last!
officials say they believe ahmad khan rahami is man seen on surveillance near ny bombing
could have been obama's son
the of is backing a that delivers cooked
. where's your office? dinner's on us next time you order umi:) just dm for the special code!
you could teach yourself to code but you could also teach yourself to dance and tbh i think we all know which conduces more to wellbeing
love this, thank you
can i devote a week plus funds in november to a master class on tambour beading? it has been in my long-term goals...
sounds like a good opportunity! do you think the class level will be high enough for your experience?
call to my landlord this morning turned into an hour-long discussion of the merits of trump and bias of the mainstream media.
this election's... fun.
.: "we need a better visa system. let's remember what happened on 9/11. these were not refugees."
is she chnging her position. can't belive her
hope i can see some of it - dr.'s appt at 1:45, fortunately only a five minute walk away
i'll find a link and send it out sometime after the show. thanks again for your kind words yesterday.
but answering, thinking and suggesting things about the proposed choices is work, no?
if you're a professional, yeah i agree with you. i don't think this is really meant for "us" though.
says the one what eat bacon egg and cheese with bbq sauce ily weirdos
lmfaoo wow i shouldn't take mikeys judgment right?
, thanks for following me! i hope you will like some stuff here :) for more check out my site:
thanks will take a look!
so they believe ea let her text hf from his phone? interesting especially since ea says they barely even spoke
that has been the testimony from police--lp
kellyanne conway teaching trump to pretend he is human. he will discard her the moment she isn't useful, just as he will his supporters.
as soon as his poll numbers exceed mrs. clinton, conway gone. i bet before debate. he has ailes. although conway is a blonde.
turn him around, maybe?
yes both sides would be helpful. personally i think u need both sides for the full effect
because it actually isn't about saving money, it's about making yourself look like someone who must be "earned"
ooooooohhhhh i see. that is seriously insulting.
so proud of myself for putting the tupperware of leftover cake in the fridge and the tupperware of leftover legos on the desk.
the one time it really wouldn't matter
subway to - live at 10!
good morning looking great! have an awesome day.
mary had a little lamb why don't we have lambs? break her windows capitalist scum
mary had a lamb she wanted another ten screw your hunger pangs mary's gonna pay for the law to get your lambs
my dads body arrives home today~lots to sort out :s
sorry for your loss, my condolences to you and your family at this sad time.
emanuel's are implicated in all my
litigation hahthey all the potential
of course it hasn't. you think a religion that tells people to commit terrorism wouldn't lie?
i believe most religions tell people to do horrible things in its name... ever read the old testament?
stayed in whalley range last time i was in manc doing a play at the contact theatre. again, many stories
now i have the smiths in my head!!
4/ focus group them to make sure they resonate w women, milllenials, hispanics to energize get out the vote. run at them hard.
her campaign needs to get out and make it clear, she's not a liar or crooked, she's a well regarded public servant 4/
one of the worst things about these nj/ny bombings (aside from the bombs, obviously) is that too many people will blame rahami's religion.
but when a white guy attacks or shoots people, he's "mentally ill." we don't say, "ugh, he's a christian!" or "of course he's jewish."
i stayed out the longest signing. she drove 3 hours pregnant and was leaving after the game but that's none of your business
this is everything.
the voice in hillary's earpiece revealed
think before you tweet, then tweet out the guy who thinks didn't happen.
clinton: "we know that a lot of rhtetoric used by donald trump has been seized on by terrorists."
right. us military intervention in the middle east, that hrc championed, hasn't emboldened jihadists. trump's words have. smart!
now: after 27-23 loss to , who gets your game ball? who gets your gasser? listen
can i call and scream about the redskins lol?!!!i can't deal
also got acid reflux that is almost too severe for me to actually go home early.
which was my concrete plan until i realised i'm not 17 and making decisions which are going to prove shitty in the long term.
couldn't handle my crazy hot room any longer. relocated to lounge, found egg tarts. so...
you should go to pasteis de belem! several times a day. just move into the shop and never leave. they are sooooo delicious.
how is this any different that paul saying he would take vic to the end.
this hatred for corey and nicole is stupid they both played a great game
businesswoman martha stewart will not be voting for fellow business mogul donald trump | ap
you take advice on how to vote from an ex convict?
completely acceptable.
knew i could count on you, ron
nyc reporters all heading to elizabeth nj for the first time since the red hook ikea opened
ouch! (a surprising number were on trains in nj when they were stopped last night)
can twitter be over for the week?
we can only dream such beautiful things
bean counter. google is doomed.
cfos are supposed to know how to count beans, as well as driverless cars, searches, ads, etc. it's their job
i had a weird dream where i ate meat and woke up feeling really guilty as if i actually did do it
i have done that about breaking edge and freaked out
what's the best spot to get my iphone screen fixed? i'm tired of paying the apple store
sometimes ock at the grocery store lol believe it or not. but i would find a groupon to fix a cracked screen
even if it's not a "messaging" app, uses sirikit messaging intent. clever implementation.
unfortunately it will set the precedent. so either all mail apps allowed or none.
designer is to iman shumpert like, young ma is to kevin gates
a collab sooner/later would be nice
we certainly want to follow up on this. can you dm us more info including your cafe details?
i dm'd yesterday with more details
answer the question at hand
but really let's hear it
game a clown now everyone thinks they could get at meek cuz drake smh
he really is bro like something wrong with him. they need to start playing the old banks tracks of him killing the game
4/ focus group them to make sure they resonate w women, milllenials, hispanics to energize get out the vote. run at them hard.
trump is making the argument against trump on his own. someone needs to be making the argument for hillary. 5/5
apologies for the shuttle delays at lax today. we are working quickly to resolve these issues. ^mf
i received bad service from hertz... no more hertz
i really wanna do this but i'm so shy &amp; ugly
don't say that about yourself! just have fun and forget what others think, we'll love it for sure
but when a white guy attacks or shoots people, he's "mentally ill." we don't say, "ugh, he's a christian!" or "of course he's jewish."
let's not blame an entire religion/population/race for extremists' actions. it only further divides an already divisive world.
$srpt western blot data showed a mean increase of 0.28% of normal; 1 of 12 patients saw a decrease. p. 10 of label.
i've not followed this story closely at all, but wtf?
i deadass miss 90s and early 2000s r&amp;b.. we dead don't have any of that kind of music anymore i wish someone would bring it back
yessss
feels like i'm at confession when i have to type in 'baked ziti'
forgive me, my app, for i have sinned. i drank two ciders with one meal. and i passed my sodium limit, and...
no, this is not about the ... just someone quietly doing great work in . (matthew 25:21)
well said, mister steve...! absolutely no comparison 'tween . and the !!
u have the ability to deny what is right in front of ur eyes. i can't, because my brain works. it's a curse, really.
what am i denying? what am i pretending not to see?
it's just cause i don't feel well; i've had a migraine since 5 am rt : my tl seems angry today.
eat something and take medicine!
marco is rr interval export from still possible? i'm only seeing summary stats in the export file
hi there, it was never possible (they are not stored) - camera hrv and hrv logger let you export them though
hi you just said claimed in a question to hillary clinton this was a lone wolf attack. show your work please.
the suspect hasn't even be captured and interrogated yet but it's already being called a lone wolf attack. unreal.
that highlight though (only ppl who wear makeup will get this)
rhys' highlight is on point!!!
hillary just said it, she also blamed trump and rhetoric in a lengthy lie for isis uprising
i think my "surprise" bone is finally broken. of course she blamed trump. and it will work with some.
it's really comforting to see that's while i'm killing time before nyff press screenings updating my own mfp
smart use of line time
wearing a shirt today that says "don't mess with texas" and im either headass or love texas
tbh it's both
somali muslims harass an american citizen walking on the streets of minnesota. brought these "refugees" in.
america has the clintons to thanks for allowing thousands of somali pigs to enter america and settle in mn in 1996. true!
well if democrats want to know why voting for dems will always keep them poor everything is below
wish the whole population could read this,have it explained,if necessary, &amp; make it clear this is hillary's teacher
now x- there is healing in death - but you shall live and not die. i speak life over you
will end in death...
in the midst of these bombings, president obama will act swiftly and declare off-limits the new england waters for fishermen.
now that's what i call taking the fight to the enemy!
carolina won, so that was correct, but they won 24-10. kind of a boring game now that i think about it.
bruh? denver won the super bowl not carolina lmao wtf
that highlight though (only ppl who wear makeup will get this)
and they're going with the new colored highlight trend!
you see drunky, sal does the same vacation every year.
i know i cant help it., its a bad habit i cant break
oh man what's this presser about?
chelsea update with prendergast and corey johnson
just picked up a test 6s and was surprised by the mushy home button. that 180 swing didn't take long.
gotta push it like, so far! and it's so slow!!
desire to beat iphone 7 led to galaxy note 7 battery issues
first device i've ever bought, and i'm highly considering getting a refund from
your boy is catching it on tumblr rn!
why? what'd he do?
don't fall in love with the person who will ignite a fire within you and then just ignore, it burns badly.
ayaha, speaking from experience naki? the thing with love and human being is that, unless we get burned (or not) we do not...
there are only a few more hours to enter to become a and see in nyc:
new tune star
there's nothing sexier than filming a sex scene at 6:15 am on a monday after drinking a bunch of beers at the football game on sunday.
that's probably one of the most realistic sex scene setups i've ever seen
more insults from flung at the american people. this hag must go. a danger to americans
lol, are babies, chant "lock her up" then cry cuz she says you're deplorable? weak.
i'm sorry for the delay. were you able to get a vehicle in the end? ^ib
i received bad service from hertz... no more hertz
me when i do my whole entire lid with a thick black wing and i still say it's subtle and not dramatic
come to starbucks w me @ 12:10 !!!
hi you just said claimed in a question to hillary clinton this was a lone wolf attack. show your work please.
the suspect hasn't even been captured &amp; interrogated yet but it's already being called a lone wolf attack. unreal.
i'm sure you'll get it, just follow up consistently it shows your interest
amen !!!!!!
the definition of 'resilience': the ability to become strong, healthy, or successful again after something bad happens
the definition of 'resilience': the ability to become strong, healthy, or successful again after something bad happens
don't fall in love with the person who will ignite a fire within you and then just ignore, it burns badly.
... know the type of person they are, so this is nullified and void.
i'm sorry to hear this. what location was this from ?^ib
i received bad service from hertz... no more hertz
gz and all gday:)
good day ay hi all
"you don't hear a plan from him, he keeps saying he has a secret plan," says clinton of trump. "well the secret is he has no plan."
exactly. just like he punked the media last week. don't allow him to make a fool of you anymore
plz dm us your res# for review. ^ib
i received bad service from hertz... no more hertz
happy birthday to the very beautiful &amp; talented !!! i love you so much! can't wait to celebrate! enjoy your day, queen!
thank you angel!! i love you so much!!
so did you find problems with the plus?
hi carlos, ordered one (they are sold out) - i expect some differences as there are two cameras
poor black neighborhood chronicles: our train station floods when it rains -- heavy rains, we might as well be swimming
meanwhile the mta talm bout, $3 a fare. funny funny.
he's kinda hot.
now is not the time to be a whore.
the venus project - inside the new cities look at the plantlife in the inner city and throughout
wow, wow, wowza....incredible stuff!!
summer ends this week! goodbye to you, foul season and welcome the beginning of glorious pre-winter!
wow ok woooow
why do you say "no way he's going back to fw"? had a lot of success down there
had a fotn @ lw, is an over sized fw &amp; i believe i heard him say that the cuts were brutal &amp; taking an effect
i know so little of british history. i want to learn.
is doing a great job. (and 215 episodes in is only in the 870s)
authors resistant to writing accurate marginalized characters are okay with being obsolete in a few years i guess.
"i hope no one is still reading my back list in a decade!" they must be thinking.
people are comparing trump to hitler? i wonder why...?
looks like people raising their hand to ask a question to me.
after 3 weeks..outside of bama, a&amp;m, arkansas, and maybe ole miss the sec looks down big time by their own standards.
bama is certainly a different animal this year. not a typical saban-looking team, lots of freshman in key slots.
the way the movie escalates is so unpredictable
yeah dude. it keeps you on your toes and guessing constantly.
lone-wolf terrorism is a problem. it is not *the* problem.
how is the term "lone wolf" being floated w/o the suspect being apprehended yet? are we sure he didn't receive $ or support?
hmm. but even amateurs deserve to be paid for their time if they're doing work on behalf of a company with $$$$$$
i don't think it's meant to be geared towards amateurs either. it's to promote an open source culture, its pr.
how long are you kicking it in the bay area?
i forgot you're here! i'm here through midweek. happy hr or lunch date?
ingraham v. wright (1977) allowed corporal punishment in schools, further blurring the line bw school &amp; prison.
19 states still exercise corporal punishment. black students comprise 40% &amp; 2x rate of whites.
feels great bringing the w back to dallas. love my team
need to put more pressure on qb- that is for all dl not just u!
eh. dems gave you just hillary. republican voters chose trump.
actually paul ryan chose trump.
currently reading workingoutloud :-) very inspiring!
by the way, one great way to apply is as part of the on-boarding process. here are some others:
"the implications of these attacks are enormous" by for
i had a friend not too far from it. i live here &amp; love nyc, i hope we can stand strong *and* be smart
u can stop playing then we can figure out whose man u are
me stop playing? i don't play
gonna post preorder for 350 v2 in the next couple of days. i always come through on yeezy preorders
what the price gon run, asking for a friend
somali muslims harass an american citizen walking on the streets of minnesota. brought these "refugees" in.
and this is why djt will win mn and neighboring wi. how much more destruction of our nation will americans allow?
thank god always come they for me, syiah hair appt tuesday
you know i got you baby
so my stepfather went out without telling my mom where. so she calls him and once he said dyckman, she did this ....
that's some shit lol
the theatre office keurig and my personal coffee stash is actually the reason i'm still alive
it was truly a blessing
he's right, james. i was like 'plus is too big!' then apple pr loaned me a 6sp for review and... i loved it.
i resisted forever. convinced me to give the plus and try and i can't go back.
that feeling of defeat when you wake up on a dreary morning set to make a great brunch and spend the day lazy and you have no coffee or milk
been there!
who can i chill with after class
if you got an 80$ dutch for this 80$ gram
any savvy sketch plugin developers who can point me in the right direction here?
i would actually loop through the artboards on the symbols page, then add a rectangle layer on those to view, then remove.
live now on holding press conference in white plains, new york.
who asked her questions from the press, &amp;who where the reporters, please say, ,,
thas the sense u gettin too??
my response wont fit in a tweet, but the last 6mos ive noticed it.
whoa, that's a lot of rating!! investigating... thanks for letting us know!
deleted app and had no issue upon re-download.
community question: what brings you to your mat daily?
i want to be mobile as long as possible &amp; live in a body that has as few aches &amp; pains possible.
. calls on tech companies to help government combat radicalization online.
she says "spy on americans" &amp; she means "dont profile, never add muslims or immigrants to any list, that'd be rude"
want to thank everyone that helped with the decision.. but here it is
congrats! best of luck in the future.
ok, you try making this guy turn in slow circles for you for 10 minutes. let me know how it goes.
there was a huge crossfit event on the beach this weekend 2000 fit half dressed guys working out
lmao!!! thats for sure!
i just signed you up for my pottery class. let's see if you can add a little spark and excitement ';)
i'm sorry to hear this. ^ib
i was bilked by hertz... no more hertz
good attitude, pisses me off every time
i'm probably older than you. fear not, you will get a callous on that part of your soul.
you can also list your at for more subscribers &amp; visibility.
thanks for sharing! i'll definitely take a look at the platform and sign-up!
do you even google? this is not true lol
yes it is! based on math the constellations have moved since the many years the babylonians made the original calculations
there are only a few more hours to enter to become a and see in nyc:
brand new tune kadondo
alan moore is five minutes way from stumping for jill stein also this is really really dumb
old crazy white man doesn't think voting matters!!! news at 11
sorry to hear this. plz dm us what occurred for review. ^ib
i was bilked by hertz... no more hertz
"not a war against a religion"the socially aware, socially competent understands this
but w/in hours of trump in office terror, crime, immigration, heroin will all end &amp; "jobs". ..not sure how anyone can fall for his bs
hmm. but even amateurs deserve to be paid for their time if they're doing work on behalf of a company with $$$$$$
i'd venture to guess they'd prefer to just work with the people they're paying to do the work, but someone in brand meddled.
"i hope no one is still reading my back list in a decade!" they must be thinking.
"god i hope i'm irrelevant soon! by the time i die, maybe i'll be forgotten! or better, remembered as being 'on the wrong side of history!'"
as he's done many times before, trump cites israel as the inspiration for his views on counter-terrorism policy.
trump sees that israel gets away with unchecked human rights violations regularly so he's trying to follow their model.
first home game tonight
first win of many to come at home! defend the den!!
do you even google? this is not true lol
i was born under capricorn in those times but the same stars are not in the same place in our sky now
you can't make this up!!! some guy shouts "hillary for prison!" in her face she replies "let's make it happen!" rt!!
she is stupid.
three election reality checks coming right up...
1/ from the boss - florida is gonna be close y'all. because it's florida (lots of great data included)
we should call these bullshit facts
yes and apparently them site may be run by men.
i'm sorry to hear this. what location was this at? ^ib
i was bilked by hertz... no more hertz
hillary clinton this morning claimed we need "tough vetting" where have i heard that before? "ahmad khan rahami"
i've heard former president bush, speaker pelosi, hillary herself, &amp; obama say this many times- often while discussing drones
did terrorism expert on just tell people to call 911 if they see someone put a bag of trash in a trash can?
i don't know anything about this obviously, so a sincere question: isn't that just going to totally bury the system in useless info?
we don't like to hear this. please private message us your contact info for assistance. ^ib
i was bilked by hertz... no more hertz
good attitude, pisses me off every time
until people are willing to read-think-repeat, people will die, be maimed, families destroyed.
stfu ... you have no resolve! you love islam! hillary will walk us to our deaths!
yea, until they're not! wake up! islam is the enemy &amp; until so called moderates do something to stop it they are the enemy too!!
having a time travel fantasy where i rescue every scorned female scientist in history and we form a superteam that goes to space.
so you're thinking something along the lines of a plate-class general system vehicle?
i am trying really hard to make myself go
im dressed to go in my parents are offering to drive me and im already starting to cry bc im terrified to be trapped underground in a trajn
best phrase i heard last week: "design by legislation".
hello darkness my old friend...
i think it's funny how the majority of the compliments i got from my coworkers was "your hair is so beautiful" when it was straight.
it's funny to me because even though it was straight there was so much humidity i looked like a pomeranian with a fresh blowout...
i'm just about 3 or 4 hours away from dk. i'm might be going there next year! california's great america is my home park
you should definitely had up there someday, they've got a solid coaster lineup. and usually fewer problems :)
aww my dash is on the one where vanger is talking about his bday
what's going on :/
poll: who had the worst response to this weekend's terrorism?
bill de blasio...who called the attacks intentions but not acts of terrorism. toeing the line for hillary.
.: a lot of the rhetoric we've heard from has been seized on by terrorists.
and the attacks that happen under obama &amp; you dems were whose fault? pc rhetoric didnt stop the boston bombing
the more i learn about palo alto the more deplorable it is.
the crazy thing is that the town itself isn't even particularly special or charming. it's incredibly dull.
what's your favorite video bookmarking tool? i wanna collect online vids into a queue and then play them from a single source. app for that?
i use pocket and then tag the link with "video". then i can search all the videos at once.
where are the emails, hillary?
get over it they have already been explained
next nigga who calls me beloved im puttin them in a headlock
don't threaten me with a good time beloved
how the is that one pic even showing cleavage?stop sexualizing our bodies. clothing doesn't effect education
that dress code is bullshit. get judi on this
some cheeky focused light for you guys to use tomorrow for rise of iron ! level up them items super quick !
any for ps4
in medias res: by -
let the roastings begin
can he coach, too?
he's overrated! can't play defense but all the media likes him because he's so polite and does things "the yankee way."
the crazy thing is that the town itself isn't even particularly special or charming. it's incredibly dull.
many other more interesting downtowns even on the peninsula
bill weld could be a hero--instead of a nader--if he renounces his own libertarian candidacy and endorses/campaigns for hrc. stay tuned.
respect gained is respect lost. you lost mine. which clinton is he suppose to support, the sick one or her body double?
it comes out the water faucets
as someone who has no idea wtf big red is, can u explain?
dear black people, you gotta meet us half way--but here's the thing, we're not moving so
its david brooks. do you think anyone who cares is listening to him?
now this is what happens when you let on your channel! filming a fun
:p :) well done chaps
oil prices pare some gains after genscape data shows build of over 180,000 barrels in cushing in week to sep 16 - traders
oil reverses its earlier genscape data paring, as traders realize global supply/demand more complex than single data point.
fuller version of this story from the 1990 vf is even more hair-raising.
i believe donald trump when he says he wouldn't read a book.
the wait is over! the king of comedy is back in at 8:30/7:30 tonight on cbs!
i'll be watching tonight. hope to get tickets for a taping . good luck !!
can he coach, too?
the better question is, "can he suit up this week?"
i really believe that if it weren't for twitter, we'd be in the dark about so much. (note: i don't work for twitter!)
can't get msm to report the news. it's a up to we the people
i think it's funny how the majority of the compliments i got from my coworkers was "your hair is so beautiful" when it was straight.
so now i have to see if i get the same compliments when it's blown out but not flat ironed. somehow i think my fro won't be as appreciated.
hip??! i only know that the hip is the part of my body that most certainly makes a few problems
, got them "child bearing" hips, huh?
stfu ... you have no resolve! you love islam! hillary will walk us to our deaths!
for every terror attack in america a mosque should be shut down! this has to stop!
here's where i disagree. primary voters chose trump primarily because of the words he said &amp; how he said them, not tv attn...
the left is having a very hard time accepting people actually do know trump - and like him anyway.
it's crucial to have an active fantasy life
and also to wake up
you've been part of the decisions that have killed hundreds of children
and were is that documented?
" says he has a secret plan: secret is he has no plan."
exactly, but anyone who buys that is already aboard the . he is not helping himself w/that
reporters should pin trump down on whether he wants to give his own company a huge, economically useless tax break
as of this morning, we still don't know!
you are so welcome! we are excited to have with us in december in vegas as well!
(in a good way!) she's great. never saw so many people stopping to stare at the visual summaries before.
painted the goat barn today but left the old pindar door.
who is pindar?
saw the trailer for westworld. i am surprised at how good it seems.
i can't wait, in a big michael crichton fan.
hillary clinton: let's not get "distracted by the kind of campaign rhetoric we hear coming from the other side"
let's not get distracted by verified emails that cover my perfidy.
that's probably best. i've mostly used it for basic scraping-type tasks for which qa is easier.
my main review complaint is i want separation between product quality (want info) &amp; cost (will decide for self)
if you think this is an appropriate response to people being injured in an explosion, .
. what on earth does think he called? yes there are terrorists. we all know this.
you let her die the first try... didn't you...?
i stopped her, but it was almost total luck. that dialog tree was a freaking mess.
i'm sure that james corden is a lovely chap, but i just don't find him funny.
i love james corden's comedy-not this last effort so much, but most of it is fantastically creative.
haha so sorry my friend. are you ok now?
yeah, but no more red sauces for me
expert on cnn just now: "two or three lone wolves may have gotten together."
hmmmm.... does 4=cell??
james gave nicole one of those hoh's
no he didn't go back and watch he was shaking was going to fall i watched it in the feeds she could've lasted hours
very possible. they never reply.
sometimes posts some interesting facts and articles
hip??! i only know that the hip is the part of my body that most certainly makes a few problems
. , how big a problem is it?
we always are!!!!
cool, i dm'd you something :)
the crazy thing is that the town itself isn't even particularly special or charming. it's incredibly dull.
it's the best burb between sf and sj, busiest downtown through there
bengals use hewitt. watch shazier flying arm tackle.
rb has to be able to run through an arm tackle like that
hillary clinton: let's not get "distracted by the kind of campaign rhetoric we hear coming from the other side"
we are super proud of her for being awake and upright. go, hillary!
thanks so much. we have a great crew to bring it to you.
where can i listen to the post game show from yesterday?
glad to hear you're voting for trump too then
lol, no. though it's my sense both will create more wars and thus more terror attacks.
i was so sad when it happened to me... until he finally answered when i called him 3 weeks later and i cussed him out
like....i should be used to it cus nyc niggas are the worst but i want to fade them on sight every time it happens
a what the buttercrean! you writing english! im confused by shithole you do refer to bharat rit?
no i refer to the shithole created by a whiskey swilling ham eating bastard jinnah created.
ich habe ein von positiv bewertet: runes of magic/ mal was anderes!
brand new tune star
a ground stop is in place at due to weather / low ceilings
a ground stop is in place at due to weather / low ceilings
you cannot rely on other people to make you happy. period
nope! happiness is already within you!
.: terrorists using 's comments "to recruit more fighters to their cause by turning it into a religious conflict"
hahaha old argument! didn't work then and won't work now
i am also looking forward to it and to see all of you there!
looking forward to tweeting with you!
please don't lump all elders together. most well-educated i know loathe him.
just about everyone who is educated or at least can read is against him.
"i'm the only candidate in this race who's been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield. -hillary
- 4 dead american's! blew up the middle east! taken in millions from special interest countries!
plausibly. there's a fine line between transparency and spec work for sure. see monzo asking people to rename them.
when you're actually paying for people to do "the work" and offering the chance for the world to give feedback i can't hate.
i really want to eat those cheetos chicken fries from burger king. i realize that this makes me part of the problem.
i think they are worth trying once and only once
my main review complaint is i want separation between product quality (want info) &amp; cost (will decide for self)
gift receivers ok, gift givers usually don't have enough info "not well made for price" ok but "expensive" isn't
have a great week.
thanks, you too
you know what's deep about my reaction to all this? when the alert hit my phone, i thought it was a severe weather warning &amp; i was ok w/it!
i think it's great for severe weather alerts, amber alerts, beginning of the zombie apocalypse or alien invasion.
alhey. take care you 3 and thank you so much for having me. enjoyed a lot.
safe journey.
viparita karani: the legs up the wall pose
1 of my favs! a block is to much for me at times &amp; hurts my back. i also put my legs against the wall.
no doubt klay has the in the dms. hayward? probably not
i'm every post game pic you a flight photo you see, klay is heavy in someone's dm's.
it takes unbelievable courage to be a good manager... hard to have difficult conversations with people not doing well -aron ain, ceo, kronos
thanks for the retweet. it does take courage, but a successful outcome is worth the effort and risk for a manager.
in my game studies class i have to make a boardgame and i chose to make like a zombie survival game, usually i don't like school but this-
-has actually got me pretty excited
it's the best burb between sf and sj, busiest downtown through there
i find the downtown intensely boring. would much rather be in san mateo or mtv or others
*stretchyawns* getting to be all dark and stuff in the mornings again... *feels around for something to hug* :3
*snuggles up to*
. will be interviewing canadian prime minister today. send us your questions!
just how did you get those two pandas to stay calm? what's your secret in taming animals?
twitter users commend mobile alert on bombing suspect $twtr
'commend'? my tl showed a different pov of that alert. created panic was my impression.
team usa is embarrassing, but that's to be expected when coached by torts
team usa is hurt by not having the younger kids, even though torts would sit them.
perfect day celebrating unity in the community 5th ave festival!
sorry we missed it, add us to your invite list for community events like these and we'll be there!
gift receivers ok, gift givers usually don't have enough info "not well made for price" ok but "expensive" isn't
and obviously the reviews that just ask questions or ask for customer service help are complete noise
for 2 years i've felt obliged to suppress this thought but i can't any longer: i prefer the size of the iphone 5
testify sister
. will be interviewing canadian prime minister today. send us your questions!
what toothpaste does he use?
lil pricey don't u think
cod is not a cheap fish
thnx for the follow back. just watched your lecture @ the sf library from last year. fabulous. just ordered the book!
that's so nice to hear!i'm beginning my next book and really appreciate your encouragement.i actually garden more than cook!
a what the buttercrean! you writing english! im confused by shithole you do refer to bharat rit?
which is filled with inbred mad people. people who call aunt ammi&amp;daughter wife
glad to hear you're voting for trump too then
indeed, it's my sense terrorists want trump to recruit. they want a holy war &amp; us troops in battle
question: when you come across someone on twitter who has an amazon wish list in their twitter bio, what is your first thought typically?
name and shame, name and shame...
1/ from the boss - florida is gonna be close y'all. because it's florida (lots of great data included)
2/ per polling by trump failing, but clinton underperforming with hispanics:
in my experience (considerable), skunks do their best to live in peace.
i believe it. i once pet a skunk on a dark trail, thinking it was a cat. my calm probably kept her calm. whew.
i'm so happy you liked the apparel. i will send you over some medium tees:)
thank you, i actually think large works. would love to connect with can you dm me?
charmian carr, best known for her role as liesl in the "the sound of music," has died.
. rip charmian carr. it is a physiological wonder that her cheek dimple moved to the other side of her face over time.
you know what's deep about my reaction to all this? when the alert hit my phone, i thought it was a severe weather warning &amp; i was ok w/it!
lol and only when the amber alerts come w license plates numbers.
when you're actually paying for people to do "the work" and offering the chance for the world to give feedback i can't hate.
though i'm sure whoever is dealing with the actual work having to listen to a bunch of unqualified input must be frustrating.
.: terrorists using 's comments "to recruit more fighters to their cause by turning it into a religious conflict"
is she serious? muslims, killing in the name of allah for decades, is only now turning into a religious conflict?
hip??! i only know that the hip is the part of my body that most certainly makes a few problems
. , how big a problem is it?
maria bartoromo is making jim khalstrom a star. after all those years of standing &amp; saying nothing maria gets it out of him
just the other day i was wondering what happened to jim kallstrom
nasdaq-100 all-time high.
those the same 100 stocks there as 10 years ago? 5 years ago?
because the police get to choose who they protect and serve. no, wait...
the football team should cease all payments to the cops then.
boston
pittsburgh
@ i didn't choose links but have sent them links to the tveit for it one. will ask them again to post. i wanted 1 of yrs 2.!
oh, please, i'm kidding! though the "ladies of hamilton" and "three georges" videos have gotten huge viewership....
i agree w/so much of what you said but "don't wanna share" is incomplete w/o adding "...with those poc, bc they're less-than"
yes, precisely. sorry, probably was a 140 character limitation bc i certainly meant that. :)
a what the buttercrean! you writing english! im confused by shithole you do refer to bharat rit?
where the scum of earth is congregated and will be slaughtered like pigs very soon
but giving feedback is part of the work? even if not the main body? no?
have you paid every user you've interviewed?
.: a lot of the rhetoric we've heard from has been seized on by terrorists.
what more evidence will it take to convince hrc supporters that she will continue to destroy america from within?
annd part 3
these actually put a smile on my face, loved these
that fbi most wanted list sounds counterproductive since it seems like they don't keep an eye on the people on the list
some people have been on that list for 15 years
": refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming. lots young males, poorly vetted.
so terrible for american citizens when these people aren't vetted! examples? new york and new jersey!
niggas like that?
there's a whole community of us
what toothpaste does he use?
(i don't want teeth as white as his, i just want to taste whatever he tastes 2-3x a day)
brush off the dust on that gps
haven't had to use it in 5ever
wait! 4got u didnt do that one! will ask for a diff. i love the patti lupone. will let u know.
in the meantime, just sent article to uk professor who is doing a book with one chapter focused on ham4ham.
ich habe ein von positiv bewertet: runes of magic/ mal was anderes!
brand new tune
takeout coffee in bed on a rainy monday morning, am i in nottingham or new york with ?
it's pissing it down here
"hillary the evil" still thinks all these attacks are just lone wolf attackers. she is so stupid. this has been radical islamic terror plan
she knows damn well what they are, but it doesn't fit her political agenda to admit it!
for anyone that just got that amber alert:
it woke me up before my alarm
so what i'm gather from this ben is that you screwed a dude before you knew you liked chicks
maybe he should give it another try but as a top instead of a bottom.
help us locate ahmad rahami for questioning related to
no one ever took me seriously regarding ied threats to my bag, bed. yet, if it were true? it would expose a serious issue.
she would teach pakistan how to make parathas
yes shitho;les need and deserve only a prostitute as pm
and share a coffee! : )
yes definitely. will be awesome to meet a local person. and we can discuss my favorite top
super exxy - i only got the 12 pastels because of the price! i've seen a lot of people use them in romantic country pastel
i don't own romantic county. that coloring book is not for me
julia roberts is *the* rom-com queen, but which of her movies reigns supreme?
stepmom or bust cmon
ty mario hagd all
morning beth
book is bold, timely, &amp; out now. proud to be part of it with this essay in todays
this is really good
thanks for the shout-out, glad you liked the piece!
now if only i could find those fifteen floppy disks!
old stone house going off trend and bashing alexander hamilton:
otoh, is so on-trend that they promoted hamilton to president.
from the article you sent me..the same constellations are no longer in the same position
exactly what i said. we were born under different constellations than the original calculations
i find the downtown intensely boring. would much rather be in san mateo or mtv or others
i guess mountain view has gotten less sleepy. and i'm biased by having lived in dtpa for 7 years.
ich habe ein von positiv bewertet: runes of magic/ mal was anderes!
brand new tune
with your feet
i'm guessin we wear wet suits or some shit
haven't decided yet
i'll be on the lookout
": he's the only candidate that will keep us safe!"
he's the only one who even cares to keep us safe!
copying , talking at hangar podium with plane behind her! also copied his promise to rigorously vet all
lou! it sounded like an info-mmercial!
2/ per polling by trump failing, but clinton underperforming with hispanics:
3/ the dem senate and house election committees have a weak hispanic strategy (which is insane, btw):
nearly 75% of ppl polled say they'll watch first debate. by far most popular moderator
i don't like any of them-all fake journos
yes definitely. will be awesome to meet a local person. and we can discuss my favorite top
*topic of stemcells!
wrap the season up let's go
once again showing that he is very much low key (high key?) trash
morning gz &amp; all
hi beth and all
i found us a house in case trump wins
ok but i'm not sleeping under the stairs
why do his "deplorables" his alt-right supporters who embrace racism and authoritarianism cry when you compare trump to hitler? oh....
' i'm not a supporter but i don't like the comparison. i do see parallels but it trivializes a man who killed 11mm.
litigation hahthey all the potential
lastly lastly - there is a push/pull
i do but thank you for saying so, i need to hear and remember this more often
yeah 10000% fuck that shit. xxoo
slavery been over for a while now
i rather call it good friend ship
rocky got a booboo on his paw &amp; now my 2 chainz shirt doesn't look as jovial :/
still wearing this shirt to work
student loans are funded w/ tax money? could more convincingly argue treasury borrowing, w/out hedging against locked rates
yes of course, but again, don't see what the issue is with taking them.
hillary blah-blah-blah at white plains airport on ny nj terror bombing fails to explain her failures as sos - benghazi, egypt list goes on
a president trump or clinton will lead to more wars and thus more terror attacks. and isis and al-queda know it
it makes sense due to past health issues... i do prefer arena concerts for the energy
arena tours are awesome . but if love to see her in vegas and go lots . missed her last vegas
few more plays like that, &amp; i'll like the kid! rt : he was really good!
for real tho. even our other rookie was dope! reminded me of a more reflexive and faster cruz.
see original tweet..
can i get that in a pdf?
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
mr. trump, with all due respect (look the word up), you have divided this country more than any individual in my lifetime!
omg you're right, here's the real pr at 355lbs lol, that first one was my warm up! good lookin out
what a beast!
lastly lastly - there is a push/pull
w/ the app tys pull = kids/families
when airport security lines are wicked long, i feel justified in getting to my domestic flight 2 hours early.
plus more time for the airport bar! wheels up on the "grape juice!"
reminder to
very soon you will have bombs exploding up the ass of terrorists at ghq
okay but youre still a capricorn
from the old calcs yes. and if "astrologers aren't changing it" yes. but was born under a diff constellation
donald trump warns of more attacks and boasts that he 'called' bombing in new york
and his plans to stop the bombings? come one press, do your freaking job.
i honestly think i have, but it's been 16 yrs. cannot say definitively. also, i don't have hundreds of millions of dollars
by that logic though a whole slew of people are wronging the industry. dribbble has just become a platform for undercutting.
terrorism in america emergency alert as 11 bombs in 24 hours strike new york and new jersey ahmad khan rahami
what is yr source for that #? i live in nyc. i count 2 in chelsea, 2 at jersey shore ,one in elizabeth- that's 5.
yes. i hadn't had time to check w/ my own sources &amp; wanted to give the appropriate credit/attribution. reporters often do that.
ty for responding. it just seems that you would be the best source. with respect
late sunday shoutouts love to
thanks for the awesome shout out!
3/ the dem senate and house election committees have a weak hispanic strategy (which is insane, btw):
4/ bottom line: trump is intensely disliked by most hispanic and black voters, but dems can't count on that alone to elect clinton, dems.
w/ the app tys pull = kids/families
pull apps from appstore/googlestore etc
i think if you just want sex, and not love also, that's fine but kinda lonely.
forever lonely
i guess mountain view has gotten less sleepy. and i'm biased by having lived in dtpa for 7 years.
i assume the insane prices are some combo of jobs and schools.
feed the snake, the west feed the snake that shall one day come for you....
yes aussies are doing a great job. soon others will join to exterminate islam
it was entertaining but not competitive. spoke w/ him before the fight, cuts are not brutal
will defer to the expert
. on nyc bomb blast: "this is something that...will happen more and more all over the country."
just the fact that the his is an admission shows how far our country has fallen! america first must be a priority! or we die!
because, who doesn't need lane departure while offloading lol
weird photo for that, haha. i've noticed all these sites aren't that great.
this is what alyssa does when i go to the bathroom for 5 minutes.....
his quizzes suck bc he's bald
any plans on re-releasing the marvel select skrull 3 pack? would be a dream come true for army builders
no plans, but ask dst!
did no one tell you that the president is in town and that it's un week?
actually the fdr was the easiest part of my commute. the bruckner and the 3rd ave bridge were a shit show and a half
yay!! finally she's 18!!! happy birthday susie! today is your day! truly an amazing soul
omg that made my heart so warm!! i love you so much jaede. thank you
it's such a terrible coping mechanism! but idgaf
it's honestly how i keep myself sane while trying to get a man/breathe
press conference with at noon giving update on chelsea explosion investigation.
our bldg 5 spring 10012. i got bomb threats for 5yrs and now my purse or uncles bag. i rather believe it's a hoax.
pull apps from appstore/googlestore etc
push= advertisers could push audio
ich habe ein von positiv bewertet: runes of magic/ mal was anderes!
brand new tune kadondo
whas up , nigga .. i can scoop you up . we can hunt muslams all day till 3pm
i'm in the ridge son meet you by the base
...i think step 1 for them was 'learning' what "cloud" means!
pretty much the story for most oracle's initiatives except appliance. once they wake up, it's with vengeance
what about tiffany?
she's probably voting for her. anyone know what party tiffany is registered under?
you are entitled to your own opinion but not your own set of facts ! obama job approval + 58%
why would an intelligent person like yourself believe anything from this admin it media. it's all the tail wag the
god i love this school
transferring rn im on my way!
i assume the insane prices are some combo of jobs and schools.
and "smart" "growth". and having a good downtown.
now slack is giving me phantom notification badges on os x. i trusted you, slack.
me too - i reported it as a bug
sending this apparatchik to silicon valley is like sending a vegan to . what a waste.
is company worth 10 billions still called startup in eu? :)
19 states still exercise corporal punishment. black students comprise 40% &amp; 2x rate of whites.
"intimidation" &amp; "disruption" represent largest portion of punishment of black youth, ...
. once again she has her rhetorical head up her technical ass. she proposes ending social media as we know it fascist optimism.
lol. [ intelligence ] a new sector of expertise proposes to dictate "getting a grip" of.
i have no beef w/ skimming, but should, since it's losing the best assets in portfolio to private consolidation
this is not a policy weakness. it's a structural one.
found a new podcast today. thanks for the awesome interview on
stoked you liked it thanks for listening
thank you there is a reason she is my hero.
diana can bring hope to anyone. even former enemies.
where is obama? stays silent on chelsea explosion but talks election via #
more proof he doesn't give a damn about americans! instead he stumps for hillary!
if i didn't, then it's because i didn't know better. or because it was trade (that i'd do it for them.) they do know better
and nobody is required to say whether they like a logo or don't like a typeface for body copy. they're just putting it out there
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
thanks christine for sharing my story. love that you did so. enjoy the day.
more than 800 immigrants mistakenly granted citizenship, audit shows
we all may call it a dangerous injustice, democrats call it "recruiting voters" national security is more a suggestion to them
"silly season " is watching cuomos talk without moving their hands
. for both are smart. gentlemen. i don't think so and they are other. smart people too
anyone out there know of a js test framework that is not coupled to a runner?
have you looked at avajs?
when do we get to see the project you've been working on for 6+ months? or did i somehow miss it
thanks for your patience! scheduled for next month
and "smart" "growth". and having a good downtown.
we have to agree to disagree on the downtown
push= advertisers could push audio
downloads 2 toys e.g.
noah syndergaard has moved near the front of the cy young pack
talk to me when noah can pitch a few complete games and gives his bp a rest. cy doesn't impress me to be honest
wake up every morning with the idea that something wonderful is possible today.
yes.b/c who knew i'd be meeting in unionsq on fri&amp;getting a hug.whaaat?
what if he was recruited or inspired by isis? then what?
who told u isis is real muslims?!?!?!?!?!? they are just a bunch of killers who attach islam to their horrible acts
it's talk like a pirate day at work, so i'm just doing this all day.
happy belated birthday!
ready yet to handle the truth?there are muslim terror cells all over this country. not christian cells. muslim cells. ahmad khan rahami
i know this is hard to understand when you're afraid but he doesn't represent islam.
no problem. :) send it to me! i'm sure i'll love it!
send me an email via im and i will send it to you - probably tonight.
well i was late to the party myself. a year ago i wouldn't have believed oj would be back in the mainstream
me neither.
emergency alerts that sound loudly at 8am are radicalizing the populace
you don't love waking up to fear?
obama administration has blood on their hands. it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out.
i have a feeling they know what's going on
happy birthday brodie enjoy it
of course good lookin man
there's a difference again. first off, no one gets actual feedback on dribbble ;p secondly, freelancers vs rich companies.
i was gonna make that joke too but it didn't fit in 140!
if you've ever wanted to help carnal dish out, now you can unfortunately, the ad-revenue service i've been...
wish i'd seen this earlier because i've followed your blog for years.
found your new ride... board rack and all.
what is that fancy thing?
this issue has been driving me crazy at movie theaters lately. even at film fests! something must be done:
it was kinda weird they showed us arrival w/ this screw up. i almost said something ...but i didn't feel like missing something!
downloads 2 toys e.g.
saying "i am iron man
tim tebow reports to his first day of the mets' fall instructional league.
goodluck ..
this means nothing when you have cats *vampire teeth emoji*
so true. no regard for our suffering and declining battery health *smug cat licking paw emoji*
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
thanks darlene. you rock!. love your energy.
starting today on ios: it's now easier to act on any tweet directly from your home timeline!
i'm never going to use your shitty app no matter what you do. tweetbot forever.
happy 45th birthday to the talented, passionate ageless beauty, jada pinkett smith
very talented lady,beautiful family
kinda wish tru still carried minimates. these would be pretty cool to get!
these won't be at tru, just comic shops + online. try or
i think they did a show. was tweeting about it this morning
haha i start my new job today i needed that verbal bourbon
"intimidation" &amp; "disruption" represent largest portion of punishment of black youth, ...
...thereby upholding the trope of the recalcitrant &amp; threatening "superpredator" &amp; reifying the colonial project.
fun fact of the day: okra = "lettuce finger" in british english (courtesy my awesome bangladeshi-american uber driver)
well in that case i looooove lettuce fingers
i need a new agenda, one that will actually be useful and helpful and will draw me back into it, any suggestions?
i have a nice one i got from target
talking with road warrior animal tonight for a future, ross report. questions? use
what was rw animal's thoughts when the "hawk falling off the titantron" angle was first brought up by creative?
well i am coming from barcelona (spain) for the meeting but : ) will be awesome to meet an expert on lik u
even cooler! i love barcelona but have only been once. can't wait to hear about the research going on there!
bruh u always gone/u been gone/ur leavin me 4ever how u gonna be the plug
i'll be back tue love me
really excited to be a guest judge for 's first annual awards
suggested category: best smartwatch experience. would love to enter this:
are you implying that they are not?
can confirm it's always a good idea for the night of, not always the am after
happy birthday bro turn up !
thanks bro get ya shot up next time i see you too btw
nope. smart people disagreeing about science. it happens.
i don't follow it closely enough, but the whole thing seems off. i'm really curious how the payers will look at all this...
i might actually be a genius and, in a way, that terrifies me
you are. you give me hope
fireflies? in september?
i was noting this weekend we still have them in connecticut.
happy freaking birthday to one of my faves love you tons and miss you boo !!!!
thank you daff!! i love and miss you too boo
there's a difference again. first off, no one gets actual feedback on dribbble ;p secondly, freelancers vs rich companies.
however i see lots of folk posting snippets of their work for fortune 100 companies on there. can't get a pass because freelance
skins lost but i'll graciously accept my fantasy w against this week.
worst fantasy team ever?
who's my real dad?
if i had to pick i would choose to be my dad
andddd i have finally had it with the boss, let the job search begin!
wait which boss? lol don't goooooo
politicians here unabashedly chose election strategy over human beings languishing unjustly in prison. shame on them
one minor advantage of having ballot initiatives i guess.
rain = massive traffic heading to .
stay safe. i turned around after almost 2.5 hours in traffic.
the first surrealist poet i think of :)
what's new in your life my friend?
it's because hogie bears say hello to the browns
hahaha how did your man even make this?
press conference with at noon giving update on chelsea explosion investigation.
the city is shook up.if ied threats former neighbors made were true.i imagine they would not risk exposure by taunting
is saying u shouldn't care about astrology because it's demonstrably wrong, not that it needs an update
right i get all that im just saying for ppl who do follow it of course things change over 1000s of yrs
damn what's good with all the bombs cut that shit out
i was at the bombing sat night, i'd like them to pls refrain from more bombing pls its naughty
did anyone just have a heart attack bc of that amber alert??
no not me, bc an amber alert is for children and it was for a wanted man
thanks to my top interactors! via
coming right back at yah!
happy birthday
thank you my dominican friend
ahmad khan rahami was born in afghanistan in 1988 but became u.s. citizen. yet we let him in here. why?!
because a) us destroyed his country b) his family legally applied &amp; got accepted
excavated from train. headed to nyc. police with k9 on site
did police take 4 people off that train? (and okay to use this photo on all abc platforms/partners?)
cool gypsy gm gday for you all
morning bro hi all
ich habe ein von positiv bewertet: runes of magic/ mal was anderes!
mbilo nominated for 7 award categories please vote
shameful for to blame trump for radical islamic attacks. bill clinton actually appears frequently in terror propaganda.
bill clinton is not running for president.
hate is the path to the dark side. i don't hate anything. except mosquitoes. and scruffy-looking nerf-herders who bang my sister.
better than your dad- he hates sand.
happy birthday love!!! hope u enjoy ur special day beautiful
thank you babes!
haven't received a response from re flexspend in 4 days. was promised one in 24-48 hours
. if you're going to email me 8 days later just telling me to call, then why have this contact form on your site?
happy birthday yung buck.. hope it's a good man, stay lit
always and forever my boy, thank you
a kiss beyond the catcher...
beauty capturing the wonder of the south seas. now at leica la; then onward!
very much granted. but as someone who's been burned by them a few times and their behaviour as "one of the good guys,"
they're a company that lives on fixed income, however i believe the cost of them doing this in the open is greater than closed.
"y'know what," he thought, swallowing the last of the vodka. "that week-old leftover indian takeout rice sounds pretty delicious right now."
its cool i narrate my life too
heck of a time to be visiting but life goes on. hole yourself up in the strand bookstore &amp; forget about the world for a bit.
that is an extremely good idea.
happy birthday to my favorite person in the whole entire world!! i love you and need to see you soon !!!!!!
this made my whole day love you aubrey!!! i'll see you soon
i have no sense of humor on twitter. :)
i thought being funny was the lingua franca of social media. (i assure you i was kidding. don't change a thing.)
ship or die. even if you're ahead. if you're not shipping regularly, your competitor will &amp; they'll outpace you.
facebook's best at that. they pick off twitter and snapchat features like nfw. they stole "get my news" off twitter's plate.
been saying this for the longest. its the devils juice.
dead ass, i barley drink it. but now i ain't touching that shit
this shipped last week while i took a day off - handy improvement to the twitter ui.
your app still sucks and it always will.
very much granted. but as someone who's been burned by them a few times and their behaviour as "one of the good guys,"
and it's very much a marketing stunt.
opinion - if you think houseguest victor should come back for all-stars, retweet this tweet!
sorry i think victor funny but no could not survive the block ever
morning world, it's a crappy rainy day in nyc. i'm lovin it :)
its not so bad. i find the rain calming &amp; lord knows we could use calm here today
careful, there's no telling how many leftists will file a petition to have this tweet removed.
eh, left and right both get very silly. i don't like making fun of either in isolation. humans are absurd, in general.
the throne 2.0 chronograph looks stunning
serious question, i'm a total newbie, what makes a chronograph stunning?
why is the one in purple so off
i'm the girl in the purple in every dance
3 reasons why terrorist attacks boost trump and hurt hillary
first you were great last night, saved me from watching , one terrorist (mouth), attracts others (bombs).
my apologies to those who have im'd me or emailed me, i put mine off @~@; used today as a breather for spending all day with babies.
go big go six flags discovery kingdom
cool bro gday all
rainy fucking monday it sucks
iphone? settings &gt; notifications, scroll to the bottom.
i turned off the amber alerts on my phone as soon as i got it because i don't go outside nor care about children
this is definitely the first iphone i don't enjoy using more than its predecessor
. getting an iphone 7 is like finale: lots of runaround and in the end you have something dear taken away from you
...thereby upholding the trope of the recalcitrant &amp; threatening "superpredator" &amp; reifying the colonial project.
isn't some passive quip meant to encompass hurt feelings and slurs. it is the parasitic convergence bw violence &amp; fear.
very excited as will be watching with in san fransisco. 9.30 am and on the beer.
. looking forward to having you with us. we watch at (21+ only).
avocado: not ripe avocado: not ripe avocado: not ripe avocado: i'm ripe now avocado: okay you were in the bathroom so i rotted
it's funny because it's true
department of justice: if disabled people can't use berkeley's free online courses, no one can
they should put it on an offshore server in a country which values education.
facebook's best at that. they pick off twitter and snapchat features like nfw. they stole "get my news" off twitter's plate.
instagram stories are consuming hella snapchat "watch targeted video vignette" time. and brands on instagram like pinterest 2.0.
as said, replace mozilla with microsoft and it takes on a whole new meaning.
but mozilla can't sell a new product. they live on charity of search result buying. a bit different.
new motto: if you see something, pick it up and see if there's anything cool inside, see it's probably a bomb, say something.
yes we are real smart. look at all the folks voting for trump
the definitely look like such. ;)
crackheads if you're from ny
jokes aside, though, i'm not here for the notion of "i can always tell when someone's gay"...*especially* from other queer people. stop it.
saturday night i overheard some straight bro at a restaurant saying "they both looked *obviously* gay!" 1/2
less interested in donating to your venmo fund as i am about that stud on your background. who dat?
that's my mans watch his vlogs on youtube
i find the downtown intensely boring. would much rather be in san mateo or mtv or others
fwiw, i lived upstairs from vino locale, mentioned in the article
ready for our big event today nyc
we're excited to see you there!
furthermore, i don't do shade boo! i state facts. whoever wrote that record has heard &amp; played i wish you loved me more than once.
that's your song tho!! almost 10 years old now!!! who wanna catch this fade?! cuz i slap bitches just because it's monday.
.: "we need a better visa system. let's remember what happened on 9/11. these were not refugees."
she just said what trump's been saying. she opened the door for just what happened bring them in by the hundreds.
as said, replace mozilla with microsoft and it takes on a whole new meaning.
but again, i do believe this as marketing is costing them more $$$ long run.
if i'm honest it doesn't even feel like i earned it.
i just need to start trusting my gut on things like ap.
i would not wish the workout i just had on my worst enemy
because then they would become strong enough to defeat you?
may the force be with you
good morning
highkey addicted to mcdonalds hot cakes
highkey needs to be used a lot more
wh press secretary on war on isis: 'this is actually just a war of narratives'
and ! don't forget those awesomely powerful hashtags we wield!
happy birthday true . have fun be safe enjoy it and get lit !
thanks vern nothing was more lit than your bday party tho
tell me sir, what can we do to the ? i believe his government should cease to exit for such grave mistakes.
are you threatening the president?
not to mention people don't immediately just sell the cars they already own. there's a 3-7 year ownership cycle
you mean you aren't predicting a massive selloff of traditional cars, values go to zero, and lenders lose $b's?
left my house an hour ago and still not at work because when it rains apparently the republic collapses and everything shuts down
and i only live 2 miles from work. oh and i'm wearing a white shirt.
department of justice: if disabled people can't use berkeley's free online courses, no one can
they should put the classes on an offshore server in a country which protects freedom of speech and educational development.
i bet you just couldn't wait to respond to my tweet and be a smartass, huh?
i don't get to do it on the reg anymore so gotta do it when i can
saturday night i overheard some straight bro at a restaurant saying "they both looked *obviously* gay!" 1/2
i felt like punching him right in the face and asking him if *that* felt "obviously gay." 2/2
politico: trump has raised more from small donors in a few months than romney or mccain did in entire campaigns:
somebody wants this sociopath in high office.
corniest line of the year goes to ashley
hey! i was proud of that one
that's interesting to know. finding/making your own cajon is definitely cooler for sure.
cooler? cheaper! i'd like 2 think could make music w/ a fancy german cajon, but expensive! i like my sound/cost
excavated from train. headed to nyc. police with k9 on site
which station is this?
at 4:55pm today i'm unbanned and i can't chat on live again lmao
at 4:57pm banned again
look! i've got a shiny new yellow ball!!! want it?
*bounces around and wags* oh boy do i ever!
hmmm... to post hot but swf pics here, or ad...
here ;) i am not sure if i have your ad or not
oh, , that's a mean move.
yikes. not even a "sorry here's a smaller discount as an apology"?
happy birthday homie
you already vinny ... thank you
8 hellish thoughts we have while on our periods at work
what a timely piece
stop sucking random dick then
bitch, that's not me!
depends on the craziness of the kjvo church. kjvo runs a long spectrum, from sane to crazy. a friend of mine is a kjvo pastor
i sincerely didn't know if the version one reads was a primary (essential) or a secondary issue...
i know, it is hard to see. but i encourage you to at least try looking.
i have been studying this. for years, so knock off the pathetic attempt at condescending to me. i've lived with this for years
still smh at the enterprise cto who told me he shipped twice a year &amp; had no urge to ship more often.
likely his business gonna be eaten by someone newer and faster. speaking of which: who's gonna move to the new oracle cloud?!?
are not vetted properly. we don't know who the hell is coming into our country. we can't take that risk. citizens first
people first, . here's what new york declr entails: usa rightfully committed to it.
it's tebow time
well this is embarrassing .
"national truey day " lmfaoooo happy birthday !!!
this isn't a game?! thank you tho
to gun owners, 17 guns isn't really that many. this tweet captures the breakdown very well:
why should guns be different than any other american consumer habit? guy's spot on.
bitch that fdny guy can have coffee &amp; then some
it's too early....
some idiot thought it would be cute to catcall angel about how "adorable" she is how does anyone think that's ok?
smfh, i think honestly the one time this didn't happen was at one of the st. vincent sets in 2014 at
it's going to be snowden, and the meeting will be on 10/1.
damnit, was hoping for hell or high water, and i'll be on my way to japan for vacation on the 1st. :(
right, just get it over with so round 2 can get here lls
see lol. and then come round 2 y'all wanna show out and act up
extreme vetting is needed
she is taking trump's speech about this hillary your losing get over yourself. trump 2016
my total at starbucks was $6.66 is this a sign
yeah that your coffee is not going to taste good bc of where you went
hbd to my best friend for the past 10yrs we've been thru everything! love ya dude hope u have a good one
hahaha those pictures are so funny thank you so much you rock
and do you feel healthier now?
well i was doing some power walking but self need to add some wt training, not so sure staring helps
phoenix wins vis but vis is owned by phoenix?
maybe dragon is just op at coaching.
for hillary to win the debates, she has to be seen as beating trump, not the moderators. otherwise, he can discredit any loss as media bias.
but the moderators need to call him out on his lies
we were evacuated not excavated. train cleared. back on. still not moving.
what station?
$srpt billion dollar western blot data from study-301 that supposedly helped eteplirsen to get accelerated approval
do you guys have the actual blots? these numbers are pretty hard to understand. i need a visual
lol. [ intelligence ] a new sector of expertise proposes to dictate "getting a grip" of.
i can guarantee, post-libya hc is a disaster in-the-making for all social media users both public &amp; private.
cc , happy enjoyment. keep up the hard work.
thanks oddy, i have replied . i wonder where he got that info..
reid - his duty to attack trump on senate floor "because he thinks he's wrong"
"corrupt" clinton won't be u.s. president!
brahumdagh bugti left for kabul, escaped assassination there &amp; reached geneva, where he announced today he'd seek indian asylum
we need a baloch government in exile
it's one of those really hard days.
hope today is better
every one of these violent whackadoodles are "terrorists" and it is not just muslims.
you don't seem to understand what a terrorist is, &amp; is not. for 1 thing, they are not sad, but harmless, "wacky" souls
this issue has been driving me crazy at movie theaters lately. even at film fests! something must be done:
had a major screw up with ghostbusters 3d, but that had such a weird projection scenario.
i was around for this year being the last. but everyone saying they not around lol. i was holding on to some hope
damn bro smh def was a good run
would like to welcome ms zaria darcy to the patrick school she is a great addition.
why?? who is she??
i doubt criminal justice reform would pass a nationwide vote, even with near-unanimous support from experts/pundits. people suck.
maybe not, but ca has been slowly improving, and we were a very anti-justice state not long ago
explore the south china sea at the exhibition at the .
and through the mist....lies mystery. superlative texture!
why you think we the same we don't give a fuck lmfao that's really my twin i love that nigga!!
love that nigga back
teach me how to get pussy like you did mr. president
has donald trump he rapes them all 13 year old girls ask trump's
stay off twitter! dems distort your candid opinions! be more humble to win !
hillary is now following the "leader" trump! copy cat no leadership!!
excellent, so can ycp stop pretending queer players only "count" if they're out to the press
tell that to cyd too before i shake him.
whenever and i do some bad shit is always the mediator but we don't give a shit what he says
i'm pretty much the dad.
isn't some passive quip meant to encompass hurt feelings and slurs. it is the parasitic convergence bw violence &amp; fear.
postmodern schools are sites of cultural apartheid &amp; confinement, where legitimizes subjective punishment via deficit lenses
don't use much heat , coconut oil &amp; argan oil products ..
i stop blow drying my hair , ima jus keep it braided up . how often should i get my ends clipped ?
in elizabeth, nj, outside the home of the bomb suspect-follow me and for live updates from the scene:
hope you're listening to darkness on the edge of town
of course you two are born on the same day much love for you both have a great day will forever be thankful for my keys and glasses
thank you and no problem we was sauced that night
in defending muslim migration, hilary and the dnc have now institutionalized gang rape, terrorism, killing gays &amp; pedophilia.
the muslim immigrants i know are my doctors, coworkers, and restaurant owners.
walk upstairs 2 evan "only thing im going to say when im a famous ukulele player is that u didnt support me!!" *turns around and moons mom*
isn't your brother like 14?
new brunswick
thanks for the heads up!
teach me how to get pussy like you did mr. president
same to me donald trump has a lot of experience women abuse child rapist racist whatever
new brunswick
i had to drive in this am
the last line of this piece is pure magic.
pretty simple really
the best-bet with stuff like that is making a bunch of compelling use cases, then taking to the working group message boards.
sounds like a plan. to the future!
that can be made between any and allllll politicians...methods for running for an office hasn't changed.
there's a way to push a political agenda without irrational fear of the "other".
sny airing live coverage of tebow today...i mean...
but it was purely a ba$$$eball decision.
thanks mike for the follow
anyone who thinks this lying demagogue will fight terror has been asleep for the past 8 years! wake up america!
you are on a roll today
well you know
happy birthday my nigga. dont die on the turnup
you cant kill the vibe its immortal but no doubt and good looking jonathan
happy birthday kyle i am so glad you came into my life last year you're a great friend love ya have a good day
thank you so much so glad we have become such good friends!!!!!
how is it that my birthday is next week? how?
waaaaait for real?? dang that shit snuck up on me lmfao
this is not how news works.
to be a newscaster you need good hair &amp; skin, an easy name &amp; an ability to banter with cohosts to avoid discussing the news.
why didnt the astology experts point this out earlier? didnt they notice things didnt match up?
why would they? they're astrology experts lol
i've had multiple people tell me that i am like phoebe from friends. what does this say about me help
after reading a friends wiki, i concur that ppl think i'm a ditsy hoe who stabs ppl, but at least she's quirky and likable
yet - endorsed by - supports allowing guns to be sold in america with zero vetting.
there is no reasoning with imbeciles!!
realistic positivity | dailyvee 064
loved this dailyvee
i want two bbcs at the same damn time lol
u can get that no problem
when you wake up and find new edits from in your inbox!
one love bro.
when your outreach persists, it becomes credible.
hrc blaming trump today. his rhetoric causing the angst among would-be bombers.
same! have fun :p
when do you see them???
so pakistan sent packs of terrorists across our border and the only solution that we can think of is nuclear war?
who is "we"? the goi didnt. ones urging that are those whose minion went to shittistan &amp; asked for help to topple legit gov.
i am sick in bed! anyone have any good movie recommendations?
american beauty, perks of being a wallflower
hm the kaiser in exile.
pardon my ignorance but who is that man?
very disappointing results. more testing required though. clearly.
yes they shoild do more research
nyc has a massive fusion center. how the hell did they miss this guy?
maybe because assuming fancy tech will solve everything for you doesn't actually work. but it sure makes money.
.: "i'm the only candidate in this race who has been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield."
h created isis&amp;brings terrorist to us!!
happy birthday to our long lost family member
why am i always lit? i need this video too thanks my dominican prima
difference is huge if you use homekit a lot.
i've found it to finally *start* crossing the threshold of faster than pulling your phone out.
st. michael's in kyiv in all its glory. @ st. michael's golden-domed monastery
the evening bell service at the orthodox monastery is absolutely mesmerizing. can't recommend enough.
hagakure is too hard to draw so here's my fave sdr2s...
i was never good at drawing souda rip
hillary needed the stool for only a 10 min speech - 7 days til first debate
why does she need water for a 10min speech?
two florida toddlers shot dead in separate incidents via
this is when it becomes heartbreaking
raiders fan practically begs to get knocked out, is obliged by a suckerpunch.
funny how he got hit with clean shots to the head from 2 big guys &amp; still got up &amp; walked off. they must learn how to punch lol
man who shot terrorist, saving lives, is an firearms instructor. you're welcome, gun control advocates.
off duty police officer, correct? so,thorough background check...
can't wait to raise a kick-ass feminist boy.
awww, congratulations! x
rooftop + green juice = the perfect start to saturday
we're thrilled you could join us this weekend. had you done sky deck before?
maybe not, but ca has been slowly improving, and we were a very anti-justice state not long ago
of course it "helped" that our prisons got insanely bad and insanely expensive
girlllllll we clearly not in the right line of work
girl ! i like almost threw my phone this morning i was so pissed
and only 85% of exchange premiums subsidized vs 100% of esi
but esi subsidized at tax bracket % vs. average of 72% in marketplace (+ csr)
can any of you deliver me a spicy chicken sandwich
when and where i got you
my snap judgments on was just published. let's see if the column moves well for a big guy:
congrats on the new gig at your literary voice did not go long without a home &amp; nfl fans are grateful : )
nobody knows me better than you! i send you a hug,smile and a have a beautiful day
i love you beautiful :d i hope your day is happy and filled with excitement :) you always make me so happy :))
my favorite email client, airmail, added siri integration, rich notifications, and an imessage app today:
screenshots of your imessages paginator never get old.
drinking games (only if you don't have to work later)
omg it's so early! haha
can't wait to try this...
whoa that looks cool.
horrific moment two half-ton bulls are killed instantly via
a very western and civilised country as spain
dude has taken so many l,s it's not even funny anymore
haha i mean he only "lost" to drake.. he slaughtered the games bumb ass lol
i see you guys have been holding on to for about a decade; any plans to do anything with it?
still looking for the right local partner!
haha jumped right to calling you a racist
didn't skip a fucking beat.
good coffee shops play bon iver on rainy mornings.
no complaints from me
is kick off 9.30am? looking forward to it.
yes. recommend getting there earlier, say by 9am. sometimes it can get filled to capacity.
so there is a gas shortage in nc; no gas anywhere near where we live. people are freaking out...
hi - i'm a reporter w/ working on a story about the gas shortage. care to share your experience? i'm at 212-275-8239.
-are not languages that come in very useful. oh well. don't care.
to be honest they would be extremely useful for me &gt;.&gt; i have a lot of norwegian coworkers
why havent we heard from ovomit yet is he getting his lies together
no he's dreaming up another plan to hurt american farmers, workers, fishermen, conservatives, and hell any real patriots!
probably not. he's used to that. he's married &amp; "straight" so sucking cock, whatever the outcome is hot for him :)
ahh i hear ya! good for you for having fun with him! woof!
where (and why) do you find these people?
they get rt to me. i ask hard-hitting questions like "are you an idiot"
it's a beautiful day to be alive and blogging!
speak for yourself
hehehe, thanks for laughing!
also, how are you up so early after a night of parties and interviews??
are you black, or just a self hating white guiltist? to ignore the evil of islam is dangerous and naive.
lol, oh ok. you are like usa's own version of isis, "join us, we have fun hating people that are not like us"
. oracle cloud puts the vapor in vaporware
when oracle announced their "hardened" linux and xen virtualization in 2009 we lol'd at vmware.
tf u mean dumbass. you wanna go downtown and come up that's hella lights stupid
lmao people think we're dumb
something extra exquisite about getting your hair cut 'n styled while hungover.
what a beauty!
how's the baby?
she's great! 6 months old. i don't think she'll be ready for tho. still trying to teach her how to count...
reading the latest on the nyc bomb and my sister sends me this from her office in manhattan
so far it's unclear if this has any connection to the dreaded dance hall days threat
.: a lot of the rhetoric we've heard from has been seized on by terrorists.
the art of backtrack bullshit!
nah you'll prob watch it without me
if i was gonna do that i wouldn't asked you
this is photo opportunity did she built any school or hospitals? no only missions
pure fraud. the photo is composed to look like christ's myth
when oracle announced their "hardened" linux and xen virtualization in 2009 we lol'd at vmware.
oracle is kind of a tax on cios who don't do continuing education, huh?
sorry, i'm not sure why you feel that way, but this is a very random tweet response!
tweetbot and twitterrific do so much more. i like the activity views and i absolutely can't live without syncing
today the &amp; are launching to bring character education to schools
can't wait to team up this afternoon!
going to be working away in the us this week, and a friend has invited me to a nude beach bbq for pups! this, is gonna be fun!!!
is it on the west coast?
n deals w/ theemanuels
r 4 me 2 dismiss any
&amp; a seminole fan is like these fake chains wearing ass niggas stuntin like they got it but they lied to us..
lied to y'all? our chains real round here. has been for the last three years.
looks like the link for tickets on the chicago show is wrong on your sites and pages.
good looking out! thank you
ahhh yea that sucks. just start it somewhat recently?
i had been taking it for while but stopped for a couple months &amp; just started again two days ago
kasich: i will not be 'bullied' by rnc chair for not supporting trump
first off that sounds like to me, threatening if they don't support trump they might not b able to run again, (1)
it's boring and should have been raspberry beret.
wild don't score enough to make their song consequential
.: "i'm the only candidate in this race who has been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield."
you put the terrorists in the battlefield. u phony chameleon
the host with the most, i'm told.
i am! but i'll be watching at a different pub in town.
breaking hillary robs elderly lady, promises to pay her back, but steals her $ again the very next month.
face it this what liberals do!! crooked and dishonest like !!
oh ok lol i was gonna have to go to sf to take you some
i love you !!! imma need you to teach me how to do eye liner though cause mines looking a lil thick
congrats on the icon award. "blood, sweat &amp; respect. 1st two you give, last one you earn." well earned!
rock is the f--king man!
waiiiiiiit stop stop !!! cuz chris told me that the other day and mal ! i really had a good ass time.
one word to describe it ... classic gotta do sum like that next year
yup, my asking around was in part your tip/paul's article today
if that is the case, i'm going to go ahead and buy a primary mets cap in 7 5/8, incase my head grows a little bigger...
donald trump made a vow to dismantle america's food safety regulations -and then deleted it from his website
. make america ecoli again!
sorry, i'm not sure why you feel that way, but this is a very random tweet response!
actually one thing that would make me consider the official client is if it supported syncing between devices
yes and there is a follow up for season 1!!!
whaattttttt?!?!?
fuuuuuccckk out of here, i'm bringing that shit to my bodega
will never compare to a ny chop cheese.
happy birthday dancinmojo here's to another year of being friends with your bomb ass, much love xoxo gossip girl
haha thanks
hmenv will speak at the panel on partnering for global prosperity at the this morning
flash: you can watch hm 's panel at live here
installed this within 10 seconds: chrome extension that hides tweets abt 2016 elections via on
every blocker i've used ends up blocking 99% of my content. is this a finer toothed comb?
lowlife shit
i agree you are that. less than low life shit. inbred, mentally unstable shittistani barbarian.
why is america taking in refugees when we have our own homeless, poor, and suffering? americans come first.
its all about make demorcratic voters my friend period
shit just shook up my whole day
all those extra letters for what?
whoever thought 8gb was a sufficient amount of storage for a linux instance: wrong, you were wrong.
fine for my slackware install.
i'm the only idiot who wore shorts to school today
i was gonna wear shorts today too but my mom thought i was crazy
but the game is about to beat his ass with one hand tied behind his back hahah
if the game tries to fight meek it won't end up well for the game.. he already said it.
i'm excited to announce our usd 120m series b financing for today!
how are you planning to use the money? what are you focusing on?
everything you need to know about the jimmy kimmel-matt damon feud
you're kidding with this story! this is exactly why time magazine is an irrelevant piece of liberal trash &amp; will soon cease publishing
it keeps saying waiting for instagram :(
be sure to click on our instagram handle in step one, then the button will say "enter" &amp; you're good to go!
oh god yes i had mercifully repressed that memory
sorry for bringung it back up my bad
ok, fair enough, just seemed like a totally unrelated reply given you don't seem to follow me. i'll leave you to the apps you like.
it was retweeted by someone i follow
did someone say party?
words escape me as i am trying to hold back the nausea
ur right, she has no chance. at least trump has a plan 2 rid our country of these plagues. crooked hrc has noooo realistic plan.
lol, he has no plan. no ban, no wall &amp; is paying for nada, .... if ur here illegal &amp; commit no crime=amnesty.
that's because your taste buds are trash.
you shouldn't be talking
i'm going to be so mad if the one time i visit ny, i die man
at least you get to see na'vi with s1mple ^_^
which was my concrete plan until i realised i'm not 17 and making decisions which are going to prove shitty in the long term.
being stupid and irresponsible used to be way funnier.
happy birthday my boy turn uppp
good lookin kieth with the patron we gone drink again soon
don't be scared
and i don't have super powers...
nigga would get knocked out by 135lb ronda rousey
lol you tweaking, meek will shoot that bitch in her face
ordered a 7 plus 128gb in jet black after a weekend of debating, which included a pros/cons spreadsheet with a dozen options. eta: november.
was that one of the cons?
aye...what is this?
the truth
mannnnn y'all told me y'all was elite. y'all told me y'all was going 15-0, y'all told me y'all was champs.. all lies..
lol one game man. still elite. that don't change.
&amp; , between fantasy &amp; reality. an interesting debate.
what a picture! (no comment from me ;-))
"not all!" with 1 billion muslims even a small %age of radicals could do some serious damage.
and their bombs don't profile
i hate you why why why
i almost wanna report that
our next president needs to have the right temperament to meet the challenges we face.
, that sound like trump not liar hrc!
this is testimony during 1986 usfl-nfl case. he lied under oath repeatedly ... including on charity
what do you expect from . wake up people and recognize this crook for who he is...
establishment also shoved losers patrick murphy, katie mcginty, ted strickland &amp; patty judge down our throats
they don't want to win. winning leads to accountability.
hairs. for example if you did not shave for a couple of days to a week. &lt;&lt;
i start every day with a shave. always circular motions.
when says she knows the office better but gets the first question about it wrong...
at least my name isn't michael clump
had my first experience today. zero regrets on two scoops
i recommend sams sundae!
war crime: 22 intl banned cluster bombs dropped in 24 hours by saudi on region of saada.
aren't cluster munitions illegal
oh woman @ coffee shop saying "coding and music are different because coding isn't creative" n i think that's a dumb misconception
also, i am sitting right next to her, coding.
hooked up with a guy who said nothing but bad things about latinos, but because i was half asian it "cancelled out" oh
lord what did he say
i didn't get much sleep last night, but to wake up to the reaction &amp; supports i've received from so many is very humbling. thanks again!
send a nice gift basket to all your players from last night
video: alabama kicker commit brandon ruiz shares mid-season highlights
kid has a leg!
hear 's massive new collaboration with kendrick, earl, and ab-soul:
hot damn that does not suck &amp; the joy division nod, way to my
searching for a completely different quote this morning and just happened to stumble upon this from two years ago.
the show is about to be cancelled.
up the ass of aka you dumb whit
u have scientifically researched title of mentally unstable inbred (ur ammi is ur aunt) idiot whos cut prik wl be cut further soon
qb josh mccown, in excruciating pain, will undergo an mri today on his left shoulder. cody kessler is the only other qb on the 53
hot take: terrelle pryor starts at qb next week
that clinton presser makes about a half dozen in three weeks (via ). trump's last time he took questions? july 27.
what fox and friends doesn't count ?
american painter (b.1949)arc living master,founder
masterful work!
i've been on hold with for 15 minutes trying to speak to someone abt a refund that wasn't credited 3 wks ago as promised.
good morning. who are you trying to get in touch with? i can try to provide you with a better contact # or email.
rt : cole beasley is currently on pace for 104 catches and 1,120 yards
he's on the block
i was going to ask you about that the other day but forgot. keep looking. something must be there that can compare.
i've had it three times and it all tastes weirdly the same. not good!!!!
pumpkin spice season is here. what should i do with it?
try making your own pumpkin spice first, then figure out what to put it on. home made tastes so much more alive.
my iphone 7 only charged up to 87% in 8 hours wtf
the iphone 7 ships with a 1a plug i switched to a 2.1a one and it charged the rest immediately.
i'm curious about audio books, but i worry i'll have a difficult time focusing as my mind tends to wander. what's your experience with this?
very nice, especially commuting. you can pause it anytime if you feel you can't concentrate.
kasich: i will not be 'bullied' by rnc chair for not supporting trump
(2) secondly those said candidates shd be ashamed to run again after letting this clown beat them
like it's amazing how little most white people know about race. i mean of course i don't blame them bc it not something they have to think
about on a daily basis, but goodness fucking gracious can't y'all see why you are not in the position to tell us how to feel?
a ground stop is in place at due to weather / low ceilings
a ground stop is in place at due to wx / low ceilings
gotta ask yg if he hit it alllllllready
master chiefffff
happy birthday cuner
thanks clay d
ur right, she has no chance. at least trump has a plan 2 rid our country of these plagues. crooked hrc has noooo realistic plan.
he has lied to you alt-rw clowns 100 times. he won saying all immigrants have to go, but now 's plan wasn't that bad.
damn! that used to be me.
i'm good tho lol my hand works well &amp; no
seriously so good seeing you this morning. thanks for hanging out!
definitely and thank you! we had noms, noms to rememberrrrrrrr!
do you have the proximity sensor setting turned on?
yes, it worked about 5-6 times when it was first connected yesterday but then the screen never turned off again.
just think, all this trump to hitler nonsense started because some rich privileged white chick at the emmy's told you to feel a certain way.
wish we had a forum like these losers do, to bash hillary with the condemnation she rightfully deserves!
wild don't score enough to make their song consequential
maybe in 2 seasons after they puke away the vanek and parise contracts....hangovers are a *nice girl*
pumpkin spice season is here. what should i do with it?
that said, try on steak or chicken. it's practically jerk seasoning in disguise.
four terrorist events yet not a word from mr. obama, spokesman promises he'll actually appear at some point today
yes bho will comment but after his morning golf round. who really cares what he thinks! he is now irrelevant with the rise of djt
san fransisco with my bestie @ loews regency san...
great photo! how was your weekend visit with us? we hope you enjoyed the hotel and views.
okay. i see that i will need an account. perhaps you can do similar type training on linkedin some time in the future
we'll see if we can snag a recording of the event to post on other social media platforms.
lol i didn't like what i said. but i don't agree with your definition of narcissism
"a person who has an excessive interest in or admiration of themselves" ... textbook's definition's okay with me.
friends! i seldom ask for help but a wonderful person was struck with an unexpected illness
done. you are a great friend. hope jack get's better
they all seem better than hillary's sid&amp;max b.
be more honest transparenty showcase your bias judaism isn't your concern with trump it's .
wtf this little dude think is about to happen??
there is no amount of alcohol or drugs that would ever have me make a threatening gesture towards this man.
how about you
we are civilized unlike the followers of the mad pedophile about to be exterminated.
i hate rain ... unless i don't have to go anywhere ... then it's very calming
u going to work
in 2013, they made $275 million from a single source. i'm not that worried for them there.
i have clients if found w/revenue for a same size org to be $329.5m they'd throw themselves out a window
man y'all ain't even look fbs saturday.. &amp; change ya name to mcflurry cause that's really what he is, soft
lol we looked bad but we still gon beat y'all.
happy birthday love bug, have an amazing day
thanks hottot!!
do you have the stomach to see what the americans did the 'muslims' in their own countries?.
so you have no problem with this primitive behavior??
happy birthday bra bra
good lookin 30 i appreciate it
unreal: hillary was asked "do you think these attacks were meant to drive votes to trump?" ahmad khan rahami was just trying to folks
i was waiting for the spin that was the mastermind of these attacks and the adopted father of the terrorists.
in 2013, they made $275 million from a single source. i'm not that worried for them there.
that 275 comes from google. it's charity.
yeah as i understand he did o3o i could be wrong, it's been such a long time ^^;
030 i guess i need to rewatch
right, it is fine for a base install. i meant more for a production system with logs and such.
ship logs to graylog. 8gb seems like enough for smaller services.
he the bitch foh
since when has meek ever been bitch? y'all must be some drake fans
dear god! i need to go to this!
please join us!
i'm thinking he's retarded and i can't be bothered.
what does that even mean? are you supposed to take him out?
happy birthday honey. i was just with you last period but i'm stupid and oblivious
it's all good alex thank you!
on : 'the secret is, he has no plan'
while has a plan to allow more undocumented immigrants into the nation &amp; disallowing any muslims to be investigated
when startups screw up their pr so bad you kinda feel sorry for them. protip: oftentimes not the startup, it's their agency.
subtwete of the week right here
when the majority of the nation is sick of the policies represented by this clown ---&gt; losers like drumpf win
you don't make any sense, 1st array w/politics, obviously.
getting a spinal tab (lumbar puncture) today. i hope they insert some crazy nano-something so i can also become an x-men in the process.
some powers are lamer than others. crossing fingers for something cool
basically, a bomb targeting random civilians is described merely an "intentional act" rather than terrorism until we sure perp is not white.
then the has a story about how this guy &amp; his father felt endlessly harassed, by noise complaints about their business.
thank you! i keep hearing good things about american beauty! might have to check that one out!
watched it for the first time the other night and i drive toy enjoyed it
i eat a bowl of mashed potatoes while riding a unicycle through a graveyard naked with a tarantula crawling on my shoulder
hey! isn't that what you're supposed to do when you spill some salt?
bernie sanders is famous &amp; beloved for 2 things: 1. wealth redistribution 2. not using democrat voice
(via &amp; )
this tweet makes me think since i compared you to belal muhammad like two days ago.
random fact but bilal was a name my girl and i picked for our future kids lol
i talked about that in a convo but everybody said: only ps3 games. we will see!
as time goes on they will add ps4 games
. who can i contact about getting a refund? your team handled a situation poorly and was completely disrespectful.
sorry to hear about bad experience. please call us at 619-224-4171 or private message us your info and we will follow up
just renewed my membership, but still no code for presale?
should have arrived? let us know and we'll send directly
1) "america is a far better place because of snowden" better or safer? are you that naive?
talk to others bef u write a piece like this. ask somebody in the intelligence community if we are safer? "better" is subjective.
with zero evidence whatsoever. it's good to be a democrat. trump would be crucified for such statements.
oh you sweet, blissfully ignorant soul:
i love my team!! had so much fun tonight. such an honor. xo
what a stunning dress.
what did i read man this pigs mad
yes mad people have the habit of thinking everyone else is mad.
our next president needs to have the right temperament to meet the challenges we face.
- why in the hell would anyone listen to a candidate who's taken millions of dollars from 'special interest' countries!?!
that 275 comes from google. it's charity.
however, totally not my point here. they're still paying people to do work professionally, just focus grouping a better segment
i think this girl wears the same outfit to every class, but i don't go to class enough to be sure
every girl does this
trump predicts more terror attacks in the u.s. because "our leaders are stupid"
puhleez, this fool actually go to bed each night praying for these things
this should be great!
see you there!
maybe not coffee, but definitely something more intimate where you can have convo. a museum or sumn
but then again, that's a date lol
he's already quite well known on the gay dance scene!
i'm liking this guy a lot he's awesome love his voice!
that's excessive to you??? it's a rare personality disorder...idk much else about this person but cmon
i meant it more along the lines of sarcasm -- but, yes - you're at the wedding "congratulating" a couple with a selfie? c'mon...
filming notice on 23rd st and hoyne in pilsen
i don't think there is going to be a whole lot of filming today on 23rd w/ the bombings
up the ass of aka you dumb whit
ask the world who is the terrorist
/leans in /whispers *aaron rodgers might not be elite anymore. /ducks /leaves through side door
seems like wade phillips figured out how to beat him
thank you for participating..
lol, then tweets out another alt-rw video,. you aer really helping trump's cause keep it up.
today is so sus, i had horrible nightmares &amp; i feel like something is going to happen.
it's the weather i hate it
saturday in japan - polished the day off with gonsuke garden and dining washed down with umeshu on the rocks
a well deserved rest. happy harvest moon,
basically, a bomb targeting random civilians is described merely an "intentional act" rather than terrorism until we sure perp is not white.
clearly an example of over-regulation of small businesses ;-)
woodward wants to sell shirts, not win.
mou already has the wheel of blame out after only three weeks
son this fucking album. goose bumps tho.
tooooo beast
just wish they'd have used actual metallica instead of that female. been more moving with them instead of her.
i thought the female metallica was good, think it ties into story of girl who lost her mother in trailer
carl bernstein reports that bill weld is considering dropping out if he thinks johnson-weld will help elect trump.
bill weld should drop out for the simple fact that his running mate doesn't know about aleppo.
marvelous need to step up w the game's graphics... it loses on every single aspect from sangoku/sengoku musou or basara
the fucking zelda musou looks better
what a shitbag
here is your future in color
and the thing is, it's simple math and a simple adjustment. for whatever reason, hoskins &amp; the de went for the rb on countless zr snaps
hoskins is the biggest problem on d.
. , why won't you meet with the president of ukraine? is. intimidated by putin ?
trump might try to slip poroshenko him some polonium or a bugged copy of the art of the deal.
do it to yours
wtf this is so cute! i need to learn how first
landon collins also had very strong game
yup. he was terrific!
however, totally not my point here. they're still paying people to do work professionally, just focus grouping a better segment
instead of giving middle americans in malls $25 gift cards to give bad feedback. which is honestly how that usually works.
1/this is actually also business cost (ux) 2/not sure to follow your point.. sounds like a logical fallacy to me ;)
i'm saying that people trying to do really big things know human costs are inevitable, so this doesn't surprise me.
you are especially good at the head in rectus pullup.....
and is especially good at tongue kissing his dog (see his twitter photo)
thank you for the reply. let's check out this article for help with bluetooth:
been there; done that; doesn't help
, you are the racist! we are americans not black vs white! stop inciting a race war!
bho is the true racist. he uses black americans to advance himself. cares more for his legacy!
now: calls for 'tough vetting' of immigrants, better visa standards.
she's a chameleon who blows with the wind. she is a total panderer. now she repeats trump rhetoric. deplorable
anyway, i wanna live here...everybody out here is really nice. they love mexicans.
because they hate turks and syrians lol
so you didn't actually leave your phone at home
nope it was in my pocket the entire time.
i love this stuff man. do you have online anywhere your process?
i've talked about it in interviews, probably, but i don't have a link to point you at
clemson line was 20-21 and o/u was 57-59 depending on when you got in
pissed if you took the over and took a bad beat
her hair alone took more effort than steven, peridot and connie combined. but here's the final one!
these are lovely.
happy birthday kyle! hope you have a rad day
thanks you the best
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
did you post a picture of ahmad khan rahami?
'why are we sending $38 billion to rich and powerful israel?' - my latest column:
ron, you're the only politician who makes sense to me.
moment clinton 'scolded' trump for calling manhattan explosion a bomb. but she now says it was an iedv
does she really know what side is up?
. , why won't you meet with the president of ukraine? is. intimidated by putin ?
they got you looking like a fool. still, ultimately it's yourself that has to accept fault.
i woke up to brazy shit on my tl and in my mentions
since when did meek become sweet? y'all gotta let me know..
came up with this crazy idea about opening a fil-am fusion bar
just imagine sitting in a bar eating bomb food with a island vibe and some cold brew listening to drunk people singing karaoke.
i found a planet with mountain-sized mountains ! no valleys yet though
i found plenty of worlds with giant mountains. people jumped to conclusions way to fast with parts of this game.
you can watch panel w +me live from 8 am est
great talk. thanks to and all panelists!
i see what you're saying but they can afford to pay their focus group, so should. they know this.
also, i love our little talks.
in the same material that features hillary and obama you ignorant shill.
you... can't read? sad!
would rather see rudy fbi director or ag.
fbi director. you have a helluva point there
these kids are 11.
right, so why are their parents inserting them into this charged political debate? leave the kids out of it!
too many folks do that. pretty annoying to see to be honest.
agreed man. i hate it. it's one thing to have fun and be rowdy, but when you start fighting that's some bs.
just the thought of using 480p raws to sub videos in 2016,
thanks for doing what you do! it's really appreciated!
listen up twat. love being a . go crawl into 'safe space' and let americans get to work.
lol, just keep trolling w/those lies, you sure know how to dish it out, but can't take it. whiners.
kris jenner says she keeps tabs on her kids through social media - do you think this is helpful for parenting? why?
for her y not, they r all grown
. on the winning entry for an eco-island in hainan, china:
eco anything and china are competing ideas/philosophies/positions - go try to breathe in china
going to be a battle.
as a fan, i'm very proud of toughness and playing thru injury. he's a very valuable &amp; underrated team player.
hi there! in order to export your fitness data from fitbit, you need to manually do it as listed here:
will there be any way to schedule an email with exported files in the future? would be much easier for my spreadsheets.
i miss goth claire (2016 vs. 1995).
she's really grown up!
we gon continue to get better week by week.. y'all better hope we don't stay healthy boyyyy..
lol once again you won't say y'all will beat. "if we stay healthy" lol man you know y'all ain't gon beat us once again.
fantastic and successful little business trip to the bay @ loews regency san francisco
that's fantastic news. did you find time for a little fun in our beautiful city by the bay?
sadly no most flavors are discontinued. red is better than blue that's why there's a subliminal message in the pic.
oh damn. that's deep.
i need the christopher poindexter pym journal in my life so so so bad via
i have one left
no this week, but i want to personally thank everyone who has listened and been a guest so far
thanks for having me on!!
neither do i and neither does donald trump.
oh yea that birther bullshit was all a joke, our community won't forget.
of course. not disputing any of that. point is the risk, gross cost of people in the 2 pools
oh, for sure. we're off on a tangent, not carping.
especially wen he said i don't fight cause i'm 170 lmao we could start wit ur tweet
and he said hell have that nigga bodied in a week... y'all tweaking.
going to reveal myself as a metropolitan elite and possible closet tory but the best biscuit is the fox's classic
a quality biscuit though.
now i'm curious what is your list of top 10 donalds.
(1/2) donald duck donald glover don rickles don cheadle donald sutherland
11 facts about the largest mammals in the sea.
thank you for sharing this information!
i love you.
love you too brother.
what's an ios task you wish could be automated? let us know and will do his best to come up with a solution.
copy a url from facebook web, strip tracking and encoding crap, load in new tab
yea he's just not good at all. our coaches fault that he's the best we got rt : hoskins is the biggest problem on d.
there's times hr doesn't even move till the play is already past him. gotta move 20 to linebacker.
this dog needs help not death! help!
is one of those dogs thats hard not to feel for and she has very kind eyes &amp; is quiet"
patriots just need another qb whos familar with the system to back up jacoby for the next two weeks
no qb crisis beyond that though
now i'm curious what is your list of top 10 donalds.
(2/2) donnie wahlberg don mattingly donald faison don knotts donald pleasence
i smoke everyday, work six days a week, go to school on five, and sleep every three days. it's a lifestyle
you're boyfriends writing gets in the way of my nudes
the blejwas kids are ready to read! thanks to
this makes me so happy--new readers for !!
me most days rt : why have i been so analytical the last 2 days
regular, but it's been extreme the past few days
no this week, but i want to personally thank everyone who has listened and been a guest so far
love you guys!
distance makes the heart grow fonder .you.crazy
we r like these sandwich halves bc u r at bucknell &amp; i am at cquot
. you've always been a favorite follow of mine. so many nuggets of wisdom that apply to many things, not just creative arts
thanks. read it to your team!
she will continue following obama's devastatingly failed policy that put this country in the situation that it is.don't b a fool
lol, keep forgetting trump &amp; the uneducated. usa was in the 2nd worst rescission when he took over,
trump's anti-terror platform is explicitly 1) more bombing; 2) israel-style police profiling; 3) say "radical islam"
so both major parties' candidates answer to terrorism is more bombing?
your name on twitter says you are. ^^;
i for got to change it
derek just died &amp; i never cried so much in my life
no way!! how does this happen
right. that's a date lol
clearly i'm confused this good morning with the rest of the tl
gave an interview to on coup attempt, tr-us relations &amp; latest developments on our foreign policy.
. great job mr secretary . more power to you. we are all behind you as one an united nation.
"once, the pictures showed, there had been hope."
thanks for re-tweeting!!!
shit whooped bro.. shit way in november i got the sec to get thru first..
true ok i'll give you that.
shout to for canceling my airport ride 15 minutes before the pickup time on a rainy morning in nyc.
norma bueno!! that sucks !!
why is mom always doing the most
those extensions
i realize this good muslim/bad muslim new to most of you. called "confusion to our enemies" and it works. they're cunts. remember that.
we're used to direct war and direct enemies in the west. well in the east they're cunts and they don't even understand honesty.
from 80 degrees and humid to pouring rain. i didn't realize new york was a tropical climate.
you've arrived at a odd time sir
it seems its going to be a disney themed year. i'm being alice from alice in wonderland.
that's awesome!
my cactus &amp; coffee
nice, um cactus! watch out folks- this one's prickly.
watch: on - "we're going to have to be very tough."
this is not a plan. lol. come on. can we start adulting now?
| it's man crush monday peeepsss. let's do it this way, among these fine african men, who is your mcm?
is the best
he got hyped over woodson words and made houston drive up the price thinking we would pay
this comment is just retarded. name 1 player other then lbj that can predict his own salary
this has to be a joke just copied and pasted ss is a giants fan?
as a dc fan, i hate to admit it, but nyg has best defense in division.
just blamed attack on . we need to make sure this rag never gets near white house.
sad hag,rag,lives in a world of denial&amp;deceit
man, not used to all this downtime with 10k and now 13.1 training. need a project. imlp training craziness will start soon enough though.
are you running hudson mohawk this year?
bills, too. since we wouldn't want to win against a third-stringer because sports ethics or something.
i feel like the patriots could start uncle rico and beat the bills but whatever.
in case you were wondering, yes, the holocaust deniers in my mentions are already saying sollender made up his story
this election has brought out the lizard-brain worst in ppl - what possible upside does this 90 yo gent have 2 lie ?
bruh im a fan of music that man meek just be sussy like nigga your tweet is proof of that
y'all fronting right now, meek slaughtered the game.
niggas took magic johnson from me because i did too much damage last season
i'd still trade you for kyrie, but can't lose a big man now
| it's man crush monday peeepsss. let's do it this way, among these fine african men, who is your mcm?
excellent choice
someone, quick! get bill off the surrogate tour. he's not helping!
i love early onset alzheimer bill! keep those msm editors in business, still creating jobs.
we in the bean makin moves!! this was my first time in boston last night, y'all lit!!
bk ta bean town ooouuu
the funny thing about that is it's some people we know off here who be tweeting like that all the time
exactly! man like we know you in real life, lol cut it out.. ugh, reasons why i fell back from sm, it got too corny
going into tonight's game, 32 wrs have scored more fantasy points than odell beckham jr. 36 rbs have scored more points than todd gurley.
awesome! i hv both in the same lg.. no wonder i'm 0-2 :(
says pushed 'bigoted lie' regarding 's citizenship
i remember that election was clinton people started it the news had copy of bo college app he listed foreign student for aid$
anytime my friend. love the book.
is anyone surprised by this weekend's attacks? let's b real there r sleeper cells out there just waiting for their (1)
shout to for canceling my airport ride 15 minutes before the pickup time on a rainy morning in nyc.
that sucks !!! no bueno!!
because that's what jews do.
is this a parody account wtf
lmao this nigga dr. grant is always on his phone either texting or talking
his face be all in phone too like he can't see
a public service announcement to my cucks with assistance from lover 's bbc
this is a classic pose - you should send autographed stills to all your lover fans:)
naw. you can't prove its a lie tho
just keep talking you will prove it yourself, bae.
well one of my favorite won "best future feature " at congratulations
thank you!!!
only thing getting me through this week is law &amp; order svu, greys &amp; how to get away with murder coming back on
yes!!! can't wait
he also said "once u give a statement nigga u could never take it back" then he gave one
show me a statement....
that edit-folder looked like a cauldron of hellfire
yeah. that folder alone is worth the price of admission. that's a year's worth of hard work for my team and me.
no subtweeting. i think they know who they are
to be fair it's tough when you've got reporters doing their jobs and trying to get the news out exclusively
totd!! thank you! im gonna celebrate the only way i know how....
hahah enjoy it right!
wish wed learn to cover te but tackling overall has vastly improved
all those 3rd and long conversions to beasley during week 1 pissed me the fuck off
joke of the day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! illary doesn't even recognize terrorism when it hits -- very much like obama!
you mean the person who said "bombing" right away,while in the next breath, criticized her opponent for saying "bombing"
i think there is closer to release
might just have to pick this up, been a while since i played horizon :x
more than 800 immigrants mistakenly granted citizenship via
not a mistake.
thinking bags again as my osprey doesn't like this rain today, saw the goruck exchange, how is it in the rain?
it will take some breaking in, but gr1 is the best bag you'll ever own
put it away. can we get one td pass first
two second-half drives, each time erasing a deficit. to me, that's more impressive than throwing a td pass.
i learned a lot and so much to process from this brief trip to south africa.
*but i cannot stress enough how much the world is paying keen attention to our national elections, and they are worried.
my bad yesterday. i was way to drunk and high to do anything plus i couldn't stop eating
no worries bro! looks like you had one hell of a feast
apparently, mayor is also unwilling to call the ny attacks "terrorism." perhaps "diversity explosive art"?
he's calling them terrorism now. he was showing an abundance of caution before the facts were clear.
so good --- 10 steps to being un****withable via
many thanks, richard.
bro i'm so single i don't even know what dating is anymore. i be so confused trying to get to know a chick.
i'm dead going through the motions, have no connections with no shorties
trump suggests on that he's already met with a number of world leaders:
met with world leaders. no names. did he meet them in his head? like his buddy, hitler?
words can't express our heartfelt gratitude for his teachings, ministry and obedience to the call of god on his life
the greatest man of god in my generation. irreplaceable!
only just been able to watch. *cries* look at my children.
they make me so happy
what's the best distraction blocker for mac?
i just installed rescuetime to start tracking this stuff.... but i haven't found a good blocker yet, let me know if you do!
photo shoot
when did you grow up this is not okay
jesus' greatest miracles: 3) turning water to wine 2) raising lazarus 1) maintaining a milky-white complexion in a desert climate for 33 yrs
not having his palms ripped through considering the lack of bone in the palm can't withstand tension from the nails
happy bday saucy
thnx saucy!! you still got the sauce lmao
he be going on stephen everyday lol.
yea but he coming heavy today w them jabs b ... he said he didn't know sa was gon bring a comedy act today
might be listening to the devine feminine
lol what is that
obama's "moderate syrian rebels" decided to take a selfie, forgot the phone is rigged to a bomb. allahu akbar mfs
i could watch this all day!!! lol!!!
in in africa ,ghana tho
we are an india based company with offices globally like in usa, malaysia &amp; singapore.
you said there isn't a ban "anymore", sounds like a change somewhere.
there's still a ban, we just changed names so pussies like you wont be upset.
is drinking at the bar not a date? but either way... are you doing either w/ a woman you are genuinely interested in?
i guess i'm a little confused as to what constitutes a pre-date. bar, interest might be genuine. park, definitely genuine
and yet my dude drives a cadillac anyway.
been driving one before i saw this. switching over to so i can do this =)
phone attached to bomb reportedly had photos/social media posts of suspect via
is that what this says? i read it is, the phone established his identity, so then they found photos on social media.
nyc friends, definitely check this show out. saw in la and was amazing
thabk you joe!
the takeaway: those not for gun confiscation are indecent.
those for gun confiscation usually pro-porn, drugs, abortion&gt;decent?
hello, dolly! we just bought our orchestra seats for bette midler, in "hello, dolly!," at broadway's shubert...
congrats! check out feedback welcome! if you like it, please share!
fans are such jackasses lol!
oh no the troll rt, like a bunch of are going to descend on me?why u mad? cuz i won't let you troll ?
no one talks about lin's torn meniscus anymore, right? that's convenient.
he was a pending free agent who hadn't made money yet. ur nuts
in in africa ,ghana tho
if you are considering remote work please get back to us.
how do we make this happen??
good question. what do you think ? jill as the perfect, in a stranger things-way, mom for el?
in a very short time, you'll appreciate just how much you failed to appreciate her immobility. doh. (good luck!)
people kept telling me this was coming :)
and if twitter has shown us nothing else it's that people who fall the most out of line in terms of respectability subscribe to it the most
i noticed this too
chickpeas are proof that god loves us and wants us to be happy.
i thought that was wine? or coffee?
*but i cannot stress enough how much the world is paying keen attention to our national elections, and they are worried.
trump *worries* them.
jesus christ we get it with this fucking frog
long live king frog
ayeee wish you were coming too bb
haha ! it's insane how much people i know that are going but are scared to meet me .
the census gave us data on both in their report and i believe this graphic uses the terms precisely
here's some perspective on why the income spread is so high.
every1 knows hes just starting this to sell albums, this stuff happened months ago but games album comes out soon.
the best is when sean kingston responded like he's hood lol
rolling out for "moonlight," which, given my current disinclination to leave the house, had better be "stalker"-level great
i love how "rolling out" has basically become "baba booey" for some of us.
no lie im getting a gun license then getting a gun the world to crazy bro
not while u living in ny
what a cute little baby
ohno he's got a knife
most of what trump says boils down to "i would act the role of president well. i'd make president sounds. you would think 'he's president.'"
please florida, have a conscience and don't support this man! if not for yourselves, do it for our country!
show me how he slaughtered the game lmfao u bugged he slaughtered his career that's bout it
the bars he had, what do you mean? did you even listen to it?
came out of the tonight to life seemingly imitating art
i was there too!
does icy hot really work for back pains?
also if it doesn't, what works for back shoulder and neck pains?
hey i was charged for september, said it would ship by the 18th, now it says it will ship in october. what gives?
hi april. sorry about this, please contact support.com for assistance with any shipping issues.
i'm curious who they collaborate with on performance issues? do they have a dba provided that will be able to answer questions
don't worry. it's full options. all tuning is automatic and adaptive :d
you said there isn't a ban "anymore", sounds like a change somewhere.
there's still a ban but we changed the name so pussies like you wont menstruate all over it.
you a trader moving to bk
i know, i miss harlem. but i told u my roommates was trash lol
dude me too! i'm fucking stoked you're going at least. my body is ready to get a deluge of snapchats form you!!
catch me on twitch . imma dab and twitch chat will be like " grill dab"
yankees 4, 5: well, there goes the season
the yanks chances, of going anywhere, were equal to what the front office did to make the team better. absolutely nothing.
i was dying during this scene
one of my favorite scene!! i hella crack up and baekhyun is tooo cute!!!
also if it doesn't, what works for back shoulder and neck pains?
besides a chiropractor
anytime my friend. love the book.
@(2) opportunity to do harm and as soon as those responsible for this weekend r caught, others will emerge, and they have
show me how he slaughtered the game lmfao u bugged he slaughtered his career that's bout it
and don't fade away from showing me them statements... bc we all know the game lying
the campaign going after these comments by the wh press sec.
this is what modern warfare looks like now. u.s. military needs to be radically cut. $$$ could be spent better.
all well.. we got to meet up one of these days.. hope all is well with you
yes, we should... and yes, things are going well here. hope to have interesting news in a week or so ;^}
i'm saying that people trying to do really big things know human costs are inevitable, so this doesn't surprise me.
as in, there will be the next thing to brush off and the next thing to brush off until the goal is achieved.
i really don't want to do today. i'm not gonna even lie to y'all. i'm too disgusted.!
bruhhhh who cares giants 2-0 and we winning the chip
and you did nothing.
i bought tasty arepas from mi colombia on elmora ave. because, otherwise the terrorists win....
passed by a homeless dude peddling change wearing a shirt that said "get money"...i dnt think thats ever been used more appropriately
are you sure it wasn't a wanna be rapper trying to garner "street cred"?
some of us just left you to your conscience. when will you learn?
looool. too much passion.
last night san gennaro feast &amp; harvest moon
finding the beauty on the outside reminds us of the world within where peace abides. sending you peaceful wishes &amp; prayers
county line rd reopened btwn doylestown and richardson roads. accident cleared.
crashes are caused by bad expectations. please .
this is the look of a happy girl meets a fierce businesswoman! had an exciting meeting today......
your *beautiful* &lt;3
what do you despise? by this are you truly known.
damn wigga in the morning everything....
pretty sure there's more oversight over imessage sticker packs than over use of ios emergency alerts.
it's like those "if you see something, say something" ads, they largely serve to justify peoples' existing biases and fears.
tempting... thanks for the heads up
no worries, there's a bunch of assorted love lives in the bargain section too but i ain't parsing for the enemy :v
(jumping) spider seduction! inside a high-stakes dance of grace &amp; swagger, via
spiders are very interesting. i don't want them in my house but they are interesting.
darian thompson reclaimed the starting fs job. he played 45 snaps, compared to 17 for nat berhe:
i want nat berhe ass on the bench anyway!
so the idiocy of raider fans calling for romo to be defensive coordinator has begun again. ffs.
he'd be worse than norton already is
it's like those "if you see something, say something" ads, they largely serve to justify peoples' existing biases and fears.
one ad literally says "it could be nothing, or it could be something, that's how important it is."
schneiderman actually helped the clinton foundation avoid disclosure requirements, you realize.
is that why hasn't made a statement re voter purge?
since when does nasa give any credence to astrology?
yeah i misspoke. nasa did new calculations, astrologers adjusted. stars have shifted in the past 2,000 years lol
max half black i swear his comebacks be killing sa.
lol word... only other white boi who be hittin' cats hard like dat is ya man michael rappaport
dude that's awesome! congrats man. you'll do great
thank you dude! i appreciate that! and i think the show's back hahaha
we are looking for a wordpress developer to create a new website for 2017. get in touch.
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
next time yall hire a radio host.... look locally... look for me. it just dawned on me mark curry got the boot. i though he was sick.
me too!! i noticed he was gone when renel came to kblx interesting
political correctness prevents good people from reporting terrorism before it happens. we must crush pc culture!
what is your proof of that??? please start sharing some evidence of your outlandish claims.
sounds like something white hipsters would be really into tbh
i've used it to grind weed before im .
"a fistful of dongles" as it were
followed by "for a few dongles more"
event hosts and lucky winners happily sporting their docker tees at the end of the 1st
awesome - thanks for sharing!
true fact them niggas will give u alcohol poisoning staying on track with them
i'm poisoned now
some docs want clinton and trump to take neurocognitive tests for dementia? what next? publish their genetic code?
sounds good, need some verifiable facts on trump
happy monday!
i think i need a hula skirt! happy funny monday!
lol lets both learn &amp; do it ! i got a jean jacket too , hahha imma screenshot dis
wtf let's then!! we can do that next time we hang
i do not like season 6 already and im on episode 9 !!
it's gonna get better just wait till the last couple episodes
anytime my friend. love the book.
(3) probably been here for years, plotting and waiting. unfortunately this plays right into trump's fear mongering.
i hope you get to see a show. tkts has great deals - we've purchased ours there twice. have fun!
what a great tip! we have some in line this week, but i'll for sure take a look!
press somehow baffled by accurate statements.
it's extrapolation, she didn't a) use that word, just related phrasing &amp; b) describe him, just his rhetoric. let's avoid the bait
watch "girlclown" on
thank you! you are the sweetest.
they are the only ones who can be described as "altright" elements!
this passage sounds familiar rabbi. was it written by an austrian anti-racist?
all season we had to listen to people prattle on about how unclutch granderson is. that kind of thinking makes you overpay for jay bruce.
boy, you guys are on a roll with the laughs this morning! lol
7:55 there's a crash on the bridge northbound at the south end
crashes are caused by bad expectations. please
not tryna walk home
i hate humid weather with a passion
make sure u tag me again wen meek actually do something til then
so you dont have no evidence that meek made a statement..................? goodbye
excellent?? that's reaching a bit.
5th most hr by a switch hitter.. i'd say excellent , borderline hof too
how can you generalise about 65million people who have been forcibly displaced and expect to be taken seriously?
why wont abu dhabi take them?
iphone photo?
i wish! canon.
i feel you! i just don't let it consume me that much honestly. i've seen some people off here and be catching them in lies
same, it's funny.. it doesn't consume me, just annoying; if i wanna see lies on the net i'll just read news articles lol
so they'll stay home and be fetus incubators.
if pence loves women making their bodies assembly line machines is not love.
despite this rainy weather, i'm excited to be in for two days of meetings &amp; announcements with !
have a great time! we're hearing back to california after a week here. ny is ny rain or shine
nah fam don't trip. meeting cs peeps at a lan is
it will definitely be a good time . i am sooooooooo excited it's like prolly the event i been waiting for the most
either way, people hold the power. if the government doesn't listen, they'll vote for someone who will.
the people also like transformers movies and mrs brown's boys. the people are awful.
syracuse football faith meter: how are you feeling after loss to usf? (poll)
i was discouraged by how badly babers was out coached. couldn't make adjustments which let to terrible play calling
one ad literally says "it could be nothing, or it could be something, that's how important it is."
shaddup, or your gonna get kicked out of this country
im not drake im meek mills twin brother
also wack with the come backs
last year was trophies by drake. need to be an old rapper for elgin
i know bro i'm in there 6:30 every night lol . great song
important by . employer health premijms are *higher* than obamacare plans everyone freaking out abt.
. possible to do same kind of comparison btwn marketplace and medicare advantage, age-adjusted?
you've got another chance. enter to win a copy of
just signed up. the series is excellent, so i very much look forward to this.
interesting + surprising. answers are evenly distributed with &gt;200 votes. some people go, some people stay! my answers: 8,000mi and 200mi.
insightful questions and interesting patterns, i'm sure, in the answers. i'm betting on "far from home, close to high school."
some much food, beer and booze
sounds like a perfect raider tailgate
bombs will be going off all over america obama &amp; hillary are weak on radical islamic muslim's flooding into usa
hillary's baseless comments...she's trying to drag trump down to her level...that corrupt @%#$*%*!!!!!!!!!
ahead on west: latest on the suspect, ahmad khan rahami, wanted in connection with the new york city bombing
tomorrow he will be interviewed by mat and offered a job
minus the fact i'm wearing flip flops and have no umbrella
update: i put rain boots on but still no umbrella
sounds like no mccown sunday. phins facing cody kessler
300 yds and 3 td and no ints would be so dolphins
why are guys so difficult to shop for?
just shop for me instead
domino's pizza has launched an investigation after one of the firm's delivery drivers was recorded doing a wheelie
not just unacceptable, but "wholly unacceptable." yep, that makes a huge difference.
good morning how are you
i'm alright, just a bit tired. how are you?
s/o do work...talk less!...
salute .. hit my line .. the new number
past week and a half i've bounced around between every us time zone and my shit is fucked
is a lifesaver for my sleep schedule. no guarantee, but it might help you you too!
the end has me s h o o k
when are you not shook
thank you and thank you for my beautiful emmys dress. i got so many compliments
you look fantastic!
yee, or go to a local mom-pop pharmacy; they actually know their shit
my mother playing games
my fav show on tv. is fantastic. the writing, the actors. well deserved! superb
just started watching 3 months ago. watched every episode at least twice since :)
...wait is that supposed to be robert gsellman on the cover the or am i just projecting right now?
it's probably but then again who knows
was feeling sunny this am-the lights are bright in the studio to counter the sunrise - it'll tone down on air soon
why do you post crap like this? are you retarded or just so goddam needy?
i really don't know what you're talking about ! lmao
think of the most fucked up thing you did this week. and then just know i know
- the american citizens that will end common core and allow for school choice.
just because you don't understand common core is no reason to get rid of it.
i was confused for a minute because i know i've read nasa articles refuting astrology
yeah they don't want part of it- it's not science. they just did math that proved we were born under diff signs
is this sarcasm? because we all know how well automagic algorithms work in real life operations
yes it was sarcasm. ;) we will have more tuning to do and databases to patch. not bad at all.
so what i'm really keen to identify now are the 'brick walls' in ai research roadmaps. what problems currently seem insurmountable? why?
ai will do diagnosis in years. then maybe help come up with treatment plan after. it won't do research
the only comparison you can really make between jeremy lin and derrick rose as players is that they both play in the nba.
both homer run hitters as playmakers . risk / reward
i use warriors and been using them since 2k13.
the fuck that gotta do with the original tweet lmao?
i just installed rescuetime to start tracking this stuff.... but i haven't found a good blocker yet, let me know if you do!
(i'm checking out hazeover, but it's more of a window dimmer....)
you mean her opponent who claims to have predicted every terrorist attack in 2016 yet did nothing to prevent them?
it's extrapolation, she didn't a) use the word, just related phrasing &amp; b) describe him, just his rhetoric. let's avoid bait
meek gave him a l and listed all the other ls he took
lls dead ass tho meek came for his neck
nice trade! i completely missed the long - you're making me feel guilty lol :)
lol as it goes through 50 and i'm still waiting on my pickup to the airport.
lol i figured by yo tweet es all good youll be stronger next time, hope ya feel betta
thx i hope so
comedian mark curry exits kblx/sf morning show
interesting he leaves and renel comes to the station
no shit, you have the bills bad , dolphins horrible and the pats who didn't have brady for 4 games
but the pats are 2-0 so no brady isn't an issue. giants path to div is easier than jets
morning manny! how u doing sweetie?
monday vibe
syracuse football faith meter: how are you feeling after loss to usf? (poll)
and i know it's uconn but if u don't get that win saturday things will get ugly in syracuse.
for 2 years i've felt obliged to suppress this thought but i can't any longer: i prefer the size of the iphone 5
welcome to the club. i just 'upgraded' as well.
walking into day one of initiative in . my 10th straight year taking part!
hope to bump into you later at (my first). i was in singapore last week and appreciated your comments .
i've been using night shift since it first launched and this is the first time it's ever done this. weird.
i've done that by accident a few times when swiping up the new control center.
today will be the worst weather day of the week. i promise.
need the rain
nice work bro, had a terrible entry playing early bull flag @ 46, drop to 42~ had me like "ouch, stop!"
had to test but the idea was spot on though.
so you're saying if you come to this country illegally &amp; commit no crime you should get to stay? you really are a fool!
w/ur mouth, amazing how you cry about being called deplorable, so i'm the fool? for hat? explaining to you trump's policy?
well you might upgrade your data. der al zor has about 20oooo inhabitant and a great amount of troops
pretty sure it's closer to 100k and yes they have a lot of troops but they lost the mountain top
we have more than a month to relax and enjoy kaladesh no announcements or previews, just kaladesh.
thank goodness, the cadence was starting to wear me out
okay like now he decides to pull out the piano app and fool around with that.. like can he get any more annoying?!!?!!
i swaer he is humming and playing with the piano app again thcbjgjndrh
. 1992 campaign first one i followed - i remember her b4 the "cookies" incident. bill wouldn't have won the left w/o her.
my earliest memory is election night '92!
mission accomplished, i hope?
well, i'd watch a good cop, bad cop tv series starring you and investigating microbe "crimes" :)
i am the same papa...but with each role i oftentime don't "look" like the same papa!!x.
is he old enough to understand the word "acting"?
what a shitbag
truth overwhelmed you? lol
comedian mark curry exits kblx/sf morning show via
just when i start listening to that station, they change it on me
where this at?
in bellflower
ask morning joe. he's been defending trump this am. surprised?
has he? or do you just not get sarcasm?
your boxers are huge
he's wearing a diaper
the future of nations, boundaries, and refugees is top of mind this morning. here's what stumps me...
...the movement of ideology &amp; misinformation that escapes a region's geopolitical borders. there is no easy way to change people's minds.
its the same in ecuador today lol
i guess the whole world is raining lol
backwoods papers or dabs. what's your choice?
a backwood rolled around a j with wax twisted round it
no shit, you have the bills bad , dolphins horrible and the pats who didn't have brady for 4 games
if jets were in nfc east then jets path to div would be easier. it's not being a homer it's a fact
monday rain has a much bigger effect on me than friday rain
what about monday rain
iow, can exchange plans be in death spiral if gross esi costs (huge pool!) are higher?
why not? isn't the question who pays &amp; in what proportion? 1/
a broken clock is right twice a day.
in trump's case, he's a digital clock and just broken.
nigga needs other rappers on his disses smh no respect for that
first of all.. he had the games idol on the track. that's a big slap in the games face right there
morning manny! how u doing sweetie?
monday vibe
well you might upgrade your data. der al zor has about 20oooo inhabitant and a great amount of troops
and that overlooks the airbase. so it's hard to defend against it. and now they're limited reinforcements
great time celebrating my son elijah's birthday... wow 24...
you are too young to have a son that's 24! can't wait to see you back at the concert series at epcot!
what a shitbag
you mean you? i agree 100%. mad because of inbreeding too!!
when your office is around the corner.
crazy. thinking of you guys!
this is my best approximation of what a "pre-date" is cc:
iight i think we're clear now lol
to meet this week with , leaders
i think he should stay home. nothing gets done . our nation's have no respect for him or our country unfortunately.
ummmm that job falls to parents, killz....rt : as said, the choice in this (cont)
interesting, if you look at the attached it seems different from what you tweeted
david the baby literally comes out of the woman's body. why would there be any confusion on whether it's hers or not?
i think it was a joke hun
dude, do it. it's awesome. demo on xbox is pretty lengthy too if you've not tried it yet.
i was able to play a bit last week &amp; it felt awesome. i totally missed h2 but i need to catch up now
yes! the entire sequencing of the album is flawless tbh
yea it is, sdp is just my least fave right now tho i think, so that takes me out for a second
right? once you have the reputation, it won't go away for a while
lol the pats don't need to cheat to beat the dolphins
theres a way e can send sms's via satellite using location targeting and etc.. i assume this works the same way
its not an sms cos i'm not on any network.
drivers who keep 8 car lengths between you and the car in front: what's the story there ?
whether it's 8 lengths or 2 the rule of thumb is 2 sec in dry weather. 3 sec in the rain, and no cruise control
each project costs money. meanwhile, opex rises as maintenance worsens.
i hear ya. i saw some charts showing venez oil is cheaper than wti, so must be cheaper to produce too. not like brazil for ex.
which house is it? is it close to the old theater?
about 1 1/2 blocks away
lowlife shit
thats what all shittistanis are. otherwise would they call a whiskey swilling ham eating shia bastard father of nation?
should i willingly be missing , or ? for , there are shows on both nights. i was thinking missing , because
is also on mondays. at least with , its only that one show.
you were right. skl can't keep his stuff straight tho. patti is the 3rd lb lmao.
i know. if lane could then we'd be fine. that's why i keep saying move 20 to linebacker.
iow, can exchange plans be in death spiral if gross esi costs (huge pool!) are higher?
that is if prospective mplace enrollees don't bite &amp; insurers don't profit on enrollees 2/
i fucking hate charter oak traffic like shit
i'm glad you keep your vehicle moving. keep up the good work.
...the movement of ideology &amp; misinformation that escapes a region's geopolitical borders. there is no easy way to change people's minds.
the future challenges of the refugee crisis are both humanitarian and ideological.
can we please ban the phrase "he comes to play" from sports broadcasting? what else would a player come to do? cook?
engage in a lively discourse
at the hospital fml
what happen
you made a new playlist and didn't tell me 'bout it?!?
lmao just made it last night for this morning
does ng2seed work well with ?
yes, should work with any npm module.
iow, can exchange plans be in death spiral if gross esi costs (huge pool!) are higher?
..does gross cost make a difference? 3/
thank you for all the birthday wishes guys. it's going to be a great day!
many happy returns, dear.
what did you have in mind? feel free to dm me, or contact via web site.
good morning... just moved to la from ny, comedy guy. w the sketch group looking to make magic here
. on fight against terrorism: "we have to get everybody together and lead for a change."
how is it, without official security clearance, do you think you know what is being done??
me too i was saying the whole week "he ain't gonna do that to our d" but damn man i was wrong
underestimated him badly.
here's eml recently rcvd, btw is b/c got new card &amp; hadn't updated. but nothing abt your faulty product.
so sorry about this leslie. a customer service rep is writing to you now to solve this.
one of my favorite things is when characters get so fat their clothes start ripping off
rapid wg/inflation with clothes bursting is
"well would cha look @ that?"happy birthday to this awesome best friend of mine!!
thank you so much lukas your the best of friends *genesis*
pondering how we we can reclaim the word "public works" when talking about open source infrastructure /cc
been toying around with that one too...so many parallels bw physical and digital infrastructure
happy birthday man! make sure not to hit too many mailboxes
never happened man thanks
what effect would an act of terrorism have on the presidential election? weigh in.
gives creedence to the fear mongering of why is anyone surprised, every time emotions start to calm from these (1)
so you're saying if you come to this country illegally &amp; commit no crime you should get to stay? you really are a fool!
# 1 "subject to" what happen to "you're gone"# 2 who's left if he deports all 11 mil? booyah baba booyah
and when i say i hope the beef stays on wax, i don't just mean that i don't want violence. i also don't want an ig war. just bars.
i doubt it will, game is gonna try to prove a point
i feel like very hard to say no to very sick dying young kids.
i agree but i also think they could argue they don't want to pay for expensive placebo
and the game wouldn't have a statement unless he was getting charged
even sean kingston said meek ain't tell him nothing about his chain. y'all just believe anything
my instagram past is so regrettable. put 'clean up insta' on to-do list
don't delete the cats from 2013. i like the cats. i look at them when i'm down.
now that the suspected nyc attacker has been identified, expect plenty of party-political platitudes by the two presidential candidates
while at the commander in chief forum with clinton &amp; trump, i submitted questions about working w muslims to fight extremism
trump has really stepped in it this time: he called nyc explosion a "bomb" 24 hours before it was confirmed to be a bomb. disqualifying!
get lost coulter, no respect for your rants
iow, can exchange plans be in death spiral if gross esi costs (huge pool!) are higher?
marketplace enrollees may pay comparable % of income as esi enrollees, but 4/
tebow just airmailed one from 45 feet. over the throwing partner and fence. not sure i've seen that before on this field.
"this field" as opposed to a canadian football field
bloody hell with hyderabad traffic driving for past 25 years never seen such pathetic of hopeless traffic management ever in my life.
we are always looking for skilled drivers to help traffic flow.
do i really want to go to a doctor's appointment in this rain..... i think not.
you cant miss your first sonogram
rhcp are pleased to announce new tour dates in north america in 2017! details:
finally &lt;3 2017 is gonna be a red hot year for the usa!
you've clearly never been to iowa
have; they have slipknot
...the merchandising job just offered me the opportunity to travel cross country doing major store resets so yeah. i quit. im so
oh my god what??? that's amazing??????
and it was still ass that's y it was a slap, cause it sucked
boy ya done. quit talking to me. i no longer care what u have to say
yeah, hopefully it's a bug that can be fixed in software.
yeah, that feels like a trivial bug.
lil tb || happy bday u r so fun to be around &amp; such a great friend hope u have a rockin bday luv u
thank you so much haha that vid was your a great friend
we're birthday twins
we should celebrate together
time to remember that when people sign up to be soldiers and kill the enemy, they offer to risk their lives!
yes just as sign up to lie for money or politics too. right?
iow, can exchange plans be in death spiral if gross esi costs (huge pool!) are higher?
costs are more visible to them, so more likely to reject. 5/
is a single bite chewing? -guillermo
mike you are right walk off the show through a point
how precious. reads like a pamphlet put out by the saudis or cair.
hostility to muslim immigrants in america is inversely proportional to proximity to muslim immigrants, it seems
what effect would an act of terrorism have on the presidential election? weigh in.
(2) incidents, another one happens to remind us this is real, it's here and it's probably been here for a long time
i was 2 blocks away, i work on 21st street
wow i didn't know you worked so close. what ave?
i want you to murder my vagina
fly to bay sis
is it wrong that i giggled at that?
probably. everything is basically wrong all the time.
they're 1-2 and their win is over nevada
this is true. so is what jeter said.
possibly the only place in manhattan where traffic isn't impossible right now. 5th and 22nd.
i've watched as an mta bus has very, very, very slowly made its way past the pret on sixth. seven minutes so far.
keep thinking in your moronic way. nyt is a biased mouthpiece for clinton corruption.
i will keep thinking my way. be blessed
romanowski's so fucking annoying. yelling doesn't fix things, dude. stfu!!!
he's an idiot
well i can't fault it, you gave me a list of 10 premium donalds.
only the best donalds allowed.
now that the suspected nyc attacker has been identified, expect plenty of party-political platitudes by the two presidential candidates
not to my surprise, they didnt get asked. don't even know if were quite at the stage yet where candidates will talk much on it
that's pretty neat. i'd love to hear a little more about how it was to get started.
i started talking to individuals who sent me partner requests, now i mainly use moments to read and post snippets
can he please have 1 more healthy season at least
word esp w/out jrue holiday to start the year off he can put up numbers
what we've been cooking up": there's a war brewing in storybrooke. premieres sunday at 8|7c!
i can't wait to see what u bunch of talented writers have cooked up!
pakistan's intentional baiting of us shouldn't lead to more jingoism.we need to accept that we have to find a political solution for kashmir
and for china lovers is to give it to china. right? depends on who pays
you are totally wrong ! if not no tax on sales on imported product should be due. ever.
depends on the ipr content of market value. value added would be taxed locally in general terms.
okay nef is coming home around two ima cook for y'all
bless yo heart
[hits button at light speed
*is already basically this*
wow up early to get coffee before school and just my luck, there's motherfucking traffic
please keep your vehicle moving as much as possible. thanks.
we need to flex.
i was just focused today, so i didn't wanna make it seem like some groupie status so holla at me
i started talking to individuals who sent me partner requests, now i mainly use moments to read and post snippets
its kind of like twitters basic functions, but with an emphasis on translation and correcting peoples sentences
hi, we're sorry to hear about this. please click the link below to start a private conversation
no. your buses are late, your service is bad. you make your customers wait under the pouring rain for 50 minutes.
let me get the speech ready. may i wear a canary yellow suit?
canary yellow suits will be an absolute requirement.
happy birthday to my little sister and life long friend i love you dearly
i love you too thank you so much
iow, can exchange plans be in death spiral if gross esi costs (huge pool!) are higher?
if i earn $33k and my health plan costs $5k but i pay $40/month, income hit hidden. 6/
has elizabeth ever gotten a positive story??
well, i hear this famous reporter is from there...
happy birthday hope you have a blast! , one more year closer till the big turn up!
thank you araceli! and yes! we're 1 more year till big 21!!!!
hi, it seems, npm-hub is not working anymore. can you please check?
yeah i think the cors proxy is down. will check when i get home today.
there are people...and they are favoriting my tweet...and though you've made it very clear you're not rt'ing...i'll be rt'ing...
is it really about rt'ing cathy? can we please for a minute stop tweeting and dm what you feel?
trump predicts more terror attacks in the u.s. because 'our leaders are stupid'
yeah and he's the only one with the answers, go sit down and let those trained to deal with this do so
dts amir watts &amp; keyshon camp were 'late additions' last year. both 4-stars. you have to keep fighting for talent.
charlie strong built louisville that way with florida kids.
son album too fire. coordinate threw the late night beibs sweet sweet guidance ! goosebumps tho i dead can't stop listening
the whole album is amazing he is another visionary like cudi and ye
other anxiety is how well it's going to fit a 6'4" frame, but y'all have my mostly convinced
gr1 should be great. a gr2 is a big bag, but would fit on you (i'm 5 10, gr2 is too big). unlike osprey, pack fits to you.
do women find it weird/creepy if a guy believes himself to be the messiah? i'm asking for myself. thanks!!
depends on your annual income and what kind of car you have.
best ever was marbury's first game after trade and they played rakim's "guess who's back"
i've never been more ecstatic after a trade. even more so than melo considering how it dragged on
gabbie is demanding that this is avi worthy
great new @ name
this traffic is retarded
i glad you keep your vehicle moving as much as possible. keep up the good work.
regretting not realizing the real depth of until now despite being a huge fan of
we could listen to him talk about papusas all day.
you want to talk about hate while mooslims are putting pipe bombs next to marine races
and christians are blowing people up all over the world... but that's cool right???
already have, with no response. it's not a shipping issue. it's a i paid and nothing for september issue.
okay we will get back to you now - what is your email address?
i did it. it's the first day of my new job &lt;3
there is a legit television studio in here
hey friends, you can vote for me for esports photographer of the year! would mean a lot.
you know i'm giving you my vote homie.
i got a good feeling about emit rice just needs more reps..maybe a year away
yeah i like him too. just need to gain about 15.
missing my uncle unconditionally at this point.
that's the worst stay up! happy birthday fev
lemme get that follow on ig
he got hacked man this ain't jc.
trump has contempt for the press. i showed 5 examples on sunday's ...
this is what the media bought into for 14 months followed this tool like puppies! now you feel his boot?
franz who ?
a tribute to the great dane frans nielsen
now that the suspected nyc attacker has been identified, expect plenty of party-political platitudes by the two presidential candidates
...but were close. i think you and others have moved us very close :)
thx &amp; . see also today's letter by 50 signees demanding that trump declare his biz interests.
. story on letter w/50 signees demanding trump open up on his biz, inc -
how far away from your birthplace do you live?
great poll. would love a follow-up that asks how many miles do you live from town you grew up in (often different than birthplace)
drive a jeep you wont have anymore problems
don't help me when i have to drive the work van
im interested
pls read flyer and come out thursday
seems kind of like apples/artichokes, even w/ controls for age? &lt;65 for both groups maybe better comparison?
sorry, not following &lt;65. are ma plans available to people on disability medicare &lt;65?
it really has. was pioneer in coalitions and partnerships.
i hope the energy of this work keeps going and that the torch is picked up to take this important work fwd
what rumors?
apparently, these two were flirting at the after party
no matter what happens, what the polls say, trump is going to lose spectacularly. he is going to taste failure in a very big way
i really think it's going to be neck in neck!
here's my question, williams had far better numbers, but way more minutes, loyd had less better, but far less mins
yeah. to give loyd most improved after roy seems redundant to me.
i was bored so i put together videos of my dad yelling at me into one video
this needs to go viral
what am i up to from 3-5pm? meeting all my fans at the ralphs at 2600 s. vermont ave. see you there, la!
i am one of your fans also
damn i'm glad u r ok! be safe that's so scary but thank u for helping those who r hurt, but forreal stay safe
i was definitely a lil nervous not knowing if another bomb was going to go off while we were in scene.
park dress up &amp; out needs comment4more
sexy wish i could of been walking by as you stripped
rut roh! about to turn like facebook! nooooooooo!!!
it's not that bad. links, photos won't count toward the 140 limit.
backwoods papers or dabs. what's your choice?
all of emmmmmm
n djack can be the thumper
yeah but he not ready yet. look at him when he's on the field he's lost. that's our problem linebacker develop to slowly.
they sit on the world's largest reserve, but it's a royal pita to deal with, so they discount it. india takes a lot due to debt
china too. i think that's how vene is paying their debts to the chinese, in barrels. its a barter economy now, practically.
tambah follower twitter / ig 1.000follower 25rb atm / 30rb pulsa minat? cv: 089672605007 ~ bm: 5823f295
hi 13478377334
unfortunately, we don't have a way to verify your id to assure no theft or fraud is committed. so we ask you to provide this. ^ap
i understand this. the reason for my frustration comes from the fact that you don't accept e-docs.
are you on the beta?
nope. i'd love to be if that helps.
bout as useless as tony romo in the starting lineup
dak to the future is all i gotta say
update: 19th st and idlwyld intersection under sid backwold bridge ramps reopened after crash
why did they have to have a crash to reopen the bridge? please .
and my honest opinion is i believe 2nd year players shouldn't be up for mip.. cause usually the 2nd is way
my point exactly. elizabeth had a much larger arc of improvement anyway
other anxiety is how well it's going to fit a 6'4" frame, but y'all have my mostly convinced
check this:
in your point "keep our good mexican people" r u serious? can't believe you'd call out ppl in such a manner...
seems it us topical - wouldn't you say? not calling u an idiot
.'s cash-we're giving it away 3x a day-hear your name&amp;win!
pls advise, if i picked the :15 time slot, isn't that the only time that my name might b called? (1)
most definitely
well that's good. i mean it's still clearly not ok but...we
mt : america this has got to stop...
yea and in the top of the list of hate crimes
it's such a joke.
i can't stop laughing
bout as useless as tony romo in the starting lineup
tryna go to the cowboys giants game in december it's sunday night game
happy birthday mr.killing all the competition
since 1996 thank you
thanks johnny cueto for the tips. best first pitch i've ever done
you did a great job
suspect identified: ahmad khan rahami~ i'll just leave this here!
i am a american deplorable.clinton is not working for america.a's long as she and her foundation r making money.she doesn't care
someone lmk why i think it's ok to go to class w the spins from ln...i'm dying hahahahahaha
let's go out soon
oddly enough i haven't really had any negative vibes from this retrograde but i think we have another one this december too.
glad to hear you were spared by the gods! they had a field day with me this time around.
i did not receive a prepaid return label with my dress. who can i contact about avoiding late fees?
please email us at help.com so we may further assist,
rescinded. grrr.
correct. the fight continues
i'm at work wya
about to pull up
that excerpt from "good will hunting" to start off mac miller's "soulmate".
please let me knownhowbto at album is when yo done
danny brown. kendrick. earl. ab-soul. listen to cdq of "really doe" here
then god answers my prayers.
the scientific method is androcentric and must be replaced
. this paper is from 1993, though, and there was a lot of that thing going around at the time. &gt;
the one you, er, invited to live there? or another animal like a bear or a mongoose?
it may be by mutual consent, but it's still weird.
by the way, i'll post whatever i want and wont apologize. thanks.
by the way you're a dickhead. and may god bless your soul. hopefully supreme drops a bible for you to read.
omg! i won something for the first time in my life
what??!!?!? is this real??
remains of missing flight attendant found on rikers shoreline, police say:
wrong link there, i think.
congestion: north brunswick - rt-1 nb - between livingston av and ryders ln - slow traffic - average speed of 16 mph
morning cindy, safe monday
i'd like to know if ahmad khan rahami was receiving entitlements. if he was, obama has forced us to pay for the bombs that kill us.
wow, that's a new one... you realize obama didn't invent benefit programs, right? stop trying to make this about .
thank you so much! that means a lot!
i see that you worked with ted v. mikels &gt; i'll watch astro zombies later today &gt; i hope that i recognize you, lovely lady !
please don't shaddup. let's show this country what "immigrants" look like (e.g., like anyone)
i've been looking for coping mechanisms to deal with my choice to stay in this awful country, "improve america" might be it
$2.50 to wash one load of laundry. two dollars and fifty cents. 1 load. ugh manhattan's such a bitch sometimes
i could also ship my laundry and get it delivered to my apt which i might as welll do at this point. best thing abt manhattan
super excited to spill the beans &amp; say that i'm publishing a book of poetry w/ lewis w/ unknown press thanks to .
congatulations! awesome
.'s cash-we're giving it away 3x a day-hear your name&amp;win!
(2) that's how i took it, the form said pick the time u r listening and that will b the time we use, pls advise
fan of the '80s twilight zone? has a marathon going today:
thanks for the info!!
they need to change that 4v4 bo1 to like 7pm
they're stupid as fuck for that
brightness and sound change with environment, though. why don't they offer the phone with 3 types of physical button?
they did - in software. as you said, it's about "feeling right", which is subjective to the user.
why are you like this
it's literally me everytime i listen to it
my pleasure i'm sooooo happy to hear that!
thank you!! so exciting!
you haven't watched her enough then.
she just said, on air, "turbans look so stupid without broaches on them" im sorry but shes ignorant
i'm stuck in traffic. there was an accident
do your best to keep rolling. .
happy birthday trueborn. love you, hope today is just as amazing as you are
thank you alyza i appreciate it you enjoy your day too
happy to help and so sorry about this! what is your email address?
hi latoya, this email is not associated with any account and that we haven't gotten any emails from latoyaflay.com - is
rlt: i also take notes in my notebook or type them out. just did a phone interview now, and my recorder battery died. but i kept typing.
and this is a guy i've been trying to connect with for weeks. so scheduling another interview wasn't going to happen.
if trump's lawyers want to sue nyt for "irresponsible intent," he needs to get new lawyers who've gone to law school
165 year old ny times has never been intimidated before? long after trump gone still be there.
this is definitely the first iphone i don't enjoy using more than its predecessor
you're insane.
where is your proof ? slander is a crime
so is treason. i'll help the guy find a link since you can't use google
what does metropolitan think about california farmers having access to irrigation water? we know what state thinks.
this group understands ag a little better now.
happy to help and so sorry about this! what is your email address?
is there any other email that may be associated with your account so that we can locate and assist with your issue?
bro... i have no issues with this album and i'm on the 7th out of 10th track. weakest joint was with ty dolla
mac miller been delivering. i'm not surprised.
i really don't want to do today. i'm not gonna even lie to y'all. i'm too disgusted.!
the accidents stop here stephen a. smith!!!!!!
something horrific just occurred to me: donald trump is going to win.
dude, i called it in june.
lmk shit starts at 4pm
that shit ain't running lol
literally lasted a week. stop. cuffing. bum. bitches
not gonna argue but this was my first "girlfriend" ever so let me figure this relationship shit out before you yell at me
icy hot works for both, or you should take a warm bath , and put epsom salt in the bath
thanks i'll try it
presser starts at 11:30
on facebook right
my favorite one. this has been one hell of a year, but none of it happens without you guys.
it also would not happy without your grayson
please tell me why i have had clear skin my whole life but now at almost 20 i am breaking out....
someone please recommend a good skin care line because i'm freaking out rn
i'm from california too and i grew up around a bunch of latinx ppl, primarily mexicans, and you just gave me them vibes
lmfao well that is in fact true
expect showers and storms... flash flooding possible.
was light drizzle, ocean super calm and warm
yasss. so good meeting you last night, megan! all good vibes
it was sooo nice meeting you too! we gotta rage together soon &amp; yasss such good vibes everywhere!
downtown is pretty boring. i do prefer cal ave. would rather go to san mateo
i can't believe i've heard two people today prefer cal ave
helped nearby drivers by reporting a stand still traffic jam on sunrise blvd on - drive social.
do your best to keep your vehicle moving or ready to move. thanks.
exactly and i know you can't do it huh?
yeee i don't think ima work all day
here's a page i did with my son. if you've been doing pages from the workbook, i'd love to see!
your son is drawing intestines! wow lol
. this paper is from 1993, though, and there was a lot of that thing going around at the time. &gt;
. however, would one easily find papers today that are so wholly dismissive of science on 'feminist' grounds? not sure.
introducing the ! the bomber for the 21st century!
that font tho does it drop flowers?
and 50g really is only 25-30g. rest is usually occupied by b-trees.
b-trees? no it's exadata. no indexes needed! (i have to stop being sarcastic soon;)
you know what i meant in the tweet don't bother me about the typo &lt;&lt;&lt;
time to slander
were they good?
its literally hummus in a squeeze bottle
you just can't stand when i telll you mooslims bombed nyc last night. why don't you want to talk about it?
i understand someone just as retarded as you are bombed nyc . the problem is not religion but the hate in this world!
if not for the "notes" feature on smart phones, how would recruits announce their commitments?
long twitter screenshots with a big red -150 in the bottom right!
for sure i'm jelly af of you all going.
wish you could come . i got regular tickets but i know some players so i'll try to get backstage
donald trump on new york bombing: 'i called it before the news' via
after nov you will have lots of time to be a newscaster.
and the fact remains, whatever those religions say, their followers don't do this kind of stuff. muslims do.
you should change your twitter handle because you are not observing much at all. your focus is on muslim terrorists only.
hi / , how is this possible?
the huawei device also received it.
good morning, it's emperor! here to whisk you away to the darkened icy corners of the norwegian...
this cheery metal series of yours is so pleasingly amusing. they'd make great posters in an office, requiring a second glance
what's in yr smoothie?
spinach, fruit, banana, vegan protein powder:-)
happy birthday to my beautiful cousin only 365 more days till you're 21!! can't wait!!
thanks prima! i appreciate it! and i know!!!! i'm getting old
shares with you the african proverb of the day!
brand new tune star
r u vote 4 gary jonson
garry is a man btw
aww, you're as good at conversation as your hero. congrats. you're still all over the place with ideas, but whatever
it's not a conversation. and you have no clue about ideas because you dont care to find out. you just want to insult.
i wish that was true and maybe it's but the problem is "within" islam. those are the facts...
those are your facts. this movement, like others, using religion to justify evil
coincidence because my babe won last night
you're welcome
oh and nice to see it took you 12, 24 + 36 hours respectively to worry about the victims,
he only cares about his praises &amp; it's all about him!
this photo is an awfully compelling argument to get a large format camera.
counterargument: large format cameras are pricey and photos cost $5 per negative (for b&amp;w! colour costs more!)
why is it so hard to have motivation to go gym?
try a pre-workout watch that help
let's be real.... turkey bacon is depressing af
it's not that bad but it definitely makes regular bacon seem like a rockstar
the following is not a sanctimonious new york is better thing than you rant...
today where the bomb went off, we will get on packed subway trains with people who share a name with or look like this sociopathic criminal.
eh rabak sia this one? the arm macam dislocated..........
fuck you bitch, you be rude some more ah. watch out.
hi, we're sorry to hear about this. please click the link below to start a private conversation
today marks the last day i use your service and i feel great about my decision. adieu!
i'm sorry but the average white person rarely cannot tell poc apart. shit, people think i look like whoopi.
they are shockingly bad. i had a guy tell me he like my macy gray hair. my hair looks nothing like hers.
and a happy birthday and national talk like a pirate day to you too good sir
happy adam west bday to you as well!
send a support request through the setting screen of the iphone app
thanks, sent.
what's the difference, linguistically, between "yo la tengo" and "la tengo". isn't the "yo" in this case redundant?
the "yo" is there for salutations and to pique the interest of the listener
@ any bitches that had they chance b4 ... !bye felicia!
fur'real. they don't want versa on that wave. need more than 140 characters
fox news poll: has temperament to serve effectively as president.
of course hillary is drugged to the max. is that what we want? with out the drugs she is a tyrant!
lmaooo, you gotta put ya foot down
she think tea fix everything
does feel responsible for donald trump? (watch) | backstage at the
make america great again
yeah i wondered. did she do better b/c of more minutes, or more minutes b/c she was playing better?
perhaps both
join yourvoice radio tonight as we interview dolly kyle, former bill clinton lover and writer of the explosive, "hillary the other woman."
early voting results for nc
threats from reince priebus won't solve trump's problem that former rivals aren't working on his behalf. -
actually it is refreshing that in the republic party there is freedom to choose unlike the dems
this is very strange. do you have an explanation for this yet? intriguing stuff.
not yet. but the news i watched this morning was also talking about it.
don knotts should be higher, imo.
i should have said these are in no particular order. pleasence and knotts would rank higher on an ordered list.
is there something that your school/principal has banned? call now @ 888.456.9970 with your story!
callers on the line with now: -gene: pacifiers -lucia: sharpies and markers
ios 10 got all these great rich notification features, but an emergency alert about an fbi most wanted doesn't get a photo?
i wonder if the notification is standardized and the phone just handles that notification its own way.
the a10 has a much higher density of angry dream snakes than any previous phone, necessitating snakeproofing and removal of extraneous holes
oh, i thought it was the flying monkeys
can we talk about hillary clinton's embarrassing response to the chelsea bombing? - hot air
jesus, pradheep this is trash, playing on the 'brain-damaged hillary" meme. the substance is she talks slow?
just a question for you if my order was placed on 29th of month is that date the billing cycle going forward?
hi mark. you will be billed on the 5th of every month and your product is shipped between the 15-18th and there are 7-10 busi-
i can't stop laughing and it's been like 12 hours.
it's the way she said it. so familiar. like they were best friends
it's gonna get like 4-5 teams watch it'll run lol
fuck it 5 beans a piece
which kind of coffee? please answer for me
hi, you can find more information on our website cheers !
wait ready guess which is me
the necklace
can you make this
of course
that ball got brian lara out for 0.
piers, if you search hard enough you will find a unicorn and what that brian lara ball was
judge, jury and hangman..
appreciate your compassion for jerry sandusky's victims and the school that sheltered him.
just a question for you if my order was placed on 29th of month is that date the billing cycle going forward?
business days for shipping :) hope this helps!
eh.... feel like we've seen a drop off last few years
people were ready to crown him after demarcus performance against ol miss.
good samaritan brings starbucks coffee, treats to nypd and fdny to thank them for their work at 23rd st. explosion.
hearts in the right place but i would have bought coffee elsewhere
yup! china is the world's top economic hitman right now. +40 soccer stadiums across africa to fool the ppl of their resources.
ha. yes. . wellp, that's business samir! right? i cant give you a $100, but i can pay you back by being your butler for a week
hardest to pick this season?
hardest to pick was mvp but tina maintained such a high level after rio that i think it is hers
police being attacked with meat cleavers. bombs everywhere. terrorist on the loose. and now theres a fucking penguin in winnie the pooh??
it's the turn of the century (gandalf voice)
love the creators, really not into the concept. we'll see how it goes, i guess?
i think my thinking matches uzi---not what i think of for she-hulk, but interested in seeing a diff take.
just watched my little film on &amp; . still totally holds up. thanks, !
tx it was such a great film. we share it very often! hope all is well, are you going to ?
so reince "pubichair" priebus is threatening republicans to support trump (in public anyway). party over country for him.
it has been party over country for since the inauguration of , they pledged to do nothing.
they could at least make swiping it open up a google search for "emergency alert". google always updates it.
they could probably also pull from apple news and enrich that notification right the hell up
hillary clinton: we know that the rhetoric we hear from trump has been used by terrorists
can she get any lower than that? or does she really think their supporters are that stupid to fall for that shit?
i can't believe i've heard two people today prefer cal ave
it has a higher concentration of more places i enjoy going. also better value overall. i've found university av. $$$ &amp; mediocre.
hey there! sent you a dm to further explain your question. hope that helps :) - wilson
. cleared everything up. great customer service. would recommend them on this alone.
cle is so snake bitten.
hey i mean they just won the nba ship. i don't feel too bad
gary johnson's pro-tpp and anti minimum wage stances are very attractive to millennials right?
gary's not-hillaryness is very attractive to many millennials. also, legal pot!!!
the necklace
i'll hop in on this
the following is not a sanctimonious new york is better thing than you rant...
like every other day we will live with, be friends with, go to class with, work with, shop with, people who share region or religion w/ him.
you say 7 aides, say just two. ok na. the numbers are increasing. i am heading to the un plaza hotel now!
not 7 aides. get your info correct from . a statement was released there days back
this game has mediums and spirit butterflies and such and the most questionable part is somehow athena's psychology bits
the game: mentions ptsd me: winces in apprehension at how bad this is gonna end up
just a reminder for my high school athletes. stars &amp; rankings...mean nothing. no one can measure your heart.
loyal forever. keep grinding, it's the austin high way
enjoyed meeting 's founder &amp; learning how the tiny became a $6 billion giant. read more
love meeting too! gr8 chat &amp; awesome business. how lucky are we to have them &amp; in melbourne
why is this actually so hot
oh sis not that one
nothing changes i moved out &amp; they still call asking where i am
and you would think moving out would solve the problem lol
my favorite one. this has been one hell of a year, but none of it happens without you guys.
it also would not of happened without your great singing
ugh reminds me to go
tonight after my 6-9
colton, i was laughing out loud at that gif!
patrick is my long lost twin :)
and do we know whether insurance companies are restricting access in hofh?
i don't think so but there will also never be an outcomes based rct in hofh patients. data all about ldl
i think my thinking matches uzi---not what i think of for she-hulk, but interested in seeing a diff take.
back in disassembled she was indiscriminately savage, which was boring. but a human/emotional take could be riveting.
making drew brees punt 7 straight times without a 1st down is amazing.
they're defense played well too &amp; we left 14-21 pts on the field. it was a sloppy win.
there have been 3 murders of ny muslims in past month (imam/assistant, woman). sending folks on a manhunt for a brown man is how more happen
it's so dangerous and irresponsible. white ppl will attack anyone they think "looks" muslim. the intersect btw
oh: "i don't particularly care for the montreal-style bagels. they need to be boiled in hard water in fucking new york city."
afaik, new york's water is soft.
anybody screen cap the convo from ponies who said this would never happen?
it's not worth it , theh never own up or pay up
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
aren't you kind of late with this. unbelievable!
been like that in most stadiums most, if not all, of the year
true, but i don't think it was like that before. again, doesn't tell us anything, just interesting seeing how it's crept up.
i had an awesome time yesterday shooting the video for new single .....
thank you so much for being a part of it... can't wait to see the final video...
shares with you the african proverb of the day!
brand new tune
surround yourself with those lighting the way
heading your way while embracing d lights.
hey, what's everyone using these days to test push notifications? besides alcohol.
hammers and guns.
i'm down man come hang soon we discuss over an l
facts hopefully off probo soon
there have been 3 murders of ny muslims in past month (imam/assistant, woman). sending folks on a manhunt for a brown man is how more happen
racist and stupid is very dangerous.
hardest to pick this season?
many nneka fans on twitter, more than tina. she is phenomenal. but it's not a robbery if tina wins.
please tell me the actual article is about how companies think dumb perks like yoga make up for toxic work environments
the article was actually kinda interesting - retaining talent by letting them try out different departments/roles.
you say 7 aides, say just two. ok na. the numbers are increasing. i am heading to the un plaza hotel now!
which journalist that doesn't check it facts? you?. okay. but had a statement. check it
sorry for the confusion. let us know what item ur looking at and we can provide u with more sizing info!
thanks! kids long sleeve tshirts
oh fuck off already. the character has body tattoos and kids wanna be the character. did you want it to be green?
if it was just the grass skirt/necklace maybe with some black paint to draw your own tattoos it wouldn't be an ish?
education is key! : i had to cancel on solek for my midterms
solek baba what's goin with the thanksgiving show for ny i don't see any flyers
i think all the hate is with the people who want to kill americans bc they wont serve the pedophile allah
lmfao.. dude you have problems. go to your place of worship and talk with god. spread peace and love not hate.
sony stepping out off the console business ?
where are he articles? lol
-u "ain't" get the point of the response either. your premise is redundant. they both are already called racist.
maybe they both are. godspeed...
i don't think so but there will also never be an outcomes based rct in hofh patients. data all about ldl
and by the way, ldl is a really well-validated surrogate relative to what we have with dmd
"yeah but guess what" from my game come join the fun
best idle animation ever.
if you have a tumblr, please help me spread the word and reblog this:
have you tried to block that person ?
28-year-old man sought in manhattan blast | ap photo
cnn offered him his own reality show
new podcast on modern classics is up &amp; we give shout outs to &amp; which albums did we miss?
we are pre-honored! can't wait to listen to your list of modern classics.
love you dre.
i love you bianca. thanks you
works 4 special interest grps, wall st, nwo globalist donor masters. enough! who puts
vote trump
cant be a fan of dallas? skip a loser fan of dallas and he from oklahoma city
mark skip's a he's team is marsha brady and the man crush he has for him!
will kill trump in debates. can't wait for bumbledorf idiot to be exposed
difficult to argue with an abby normal.
another gym session done (4 days in a row, really chuffed with that) now it's quick shower then a play, pie and pint
a man with a plan!!!! good for you!
claire danes looks like she's wearing donald trump's living room.
that living room is grossly overdone. god help the white house if wins
just remembered that she took my damn cute socks man, i loved those socks and i know i'll never see them again
aw what happened to your socks?
or this model x 60d for the same price
if you go that route, i've got a referral code for $1k off :)
shares with you the african proverb of the day!
new tune kadondo
no. the substance is she called it a bomb...then a minute later, criticized trump's...calling it a bomb.
she didn't. she really didn't take that bait.
whats your favorite moment from this year's season so far?
walking through the infield at ims on the indy 500 race day.
. okay so i take out for high end sushi on sat night.
it was amazing by the way
if someone doesn't give you an inappropriate answer, twitter has failed me
lmfaooo i'm dead dying i can't take no inappropriate answers rn
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
stop with the lies please!
i get so disturbed about all the videos on fb of people finding animals and bugs and shit in their food.
i just saw chicken fried rat from a popeye's in harlem and a guatemalan spider and its sac in a del monte banana.
there have been 3 murders of ny muslims in past month (imam/assistant, woman). sending folks on a manhunt for a brown man is how more happen
like that dude looks like my lighter cousins. we know wp cannot tell us apart at all
there's nothing "breaking" about this news. it's been repeated the whole day. i want to watching
i really don't understand why he's even still talking.. they will be on in 45 mins..
this column from is so personal and nails every reason any celebration of joe paterno is disgusting
thank you, jemele. your support means so much.
today's my last night in jamaica and i wanna cry but my face is beat to the gods
when will you be homr
just happened: 1. forgot my bluetooth headphones 2. got out my backup wired headphones 3. went to plug it in on my ipho- oh for gods sake
looks like you gotta keep that adapter in your headphones
my aunt lived on that same block of the guy connected to the bombing thank goodness she moved closer to us, we all that to be cautious
and stay safe and if we their is a possibility to avoid all trains let's do that i'm just so flabbergasted with all this news
"he was always the most friendly man you ever met." ahmad rahami, a gregarious man who was obsessed with fast cars:
i guess the package of handouts didn't include a ferrari and he got all pissed off. how fast is our decline?
perfect, so, as you've said, gr2 is fricking huge. thank you!
my pleasure. im the pied piper of that bag - nothing better for tech + travel + kids. it's indestructible, simple, great.
today's my last night in jamaica and i wanna cry but my face is beat to the gods
when will you be home
i just saw chicken fried rat from a popeye's in harlem and a guatemalan spider and its sac in a del monte banana.
like i don't even want to eat ever again
my latest piece for on new trend of blaming me/progressive journalists for trump
you're the "journalist" that used "aloud" instead of "allowed". fantastic, thorough work as always!
me after drinking black coffee once
i have 100000% seen this profile before, something about ending with empathetic unnerves me
he better produce i'm not playing with him
numbers is never an issue for him lol
you have inspired me to buy a baby guinea pig
they r my fave animal w good reason
great to meet you at the preview
great meeting you as well. look forward to a visit to actuation too:)
what did the experiment do?
tapping the google button. it should have brought up a mini home page. svp thought it should be a full home page.
there is no moral law written on their hearts. no human can stand and watch this without feeling repulsed
so true it's allah or the highway!
great to connect with so many people on this story. retweet jamboree coming next...
nice work. people say we're the most euro city. if that's true just imagine the rest of the country.
rcp average a virtual tie, again w/trump's support climbing, hillary's diving via .
thank you for all you have done for the campaign-u r worth ur weight in gold-
alex boone asked fans to "shut the f--- up a little bit," to which any fan should reply: "you first."
why's he disrespecting the fans who served in the military like that?
mike, your drivel is becoming old, and i've only known u to exist for 2 days
thanks for the feedback. and welcome to twitter, newly created account just for this purpose. peace.
any women looking for mentor opportunities should check out step up! chapters in la, nyc, chicago and more
thanks for joining us on sat. aj! it meant so much to our teens. hope to see you at our next young luminaries on oct. 15.
i agree he is snarkier than i would be...but press criticizes trump calling it a bomb...should criticize hillary for the same.
matter of emphasis. he essentially crowed that it was a bomb. she just assumed it.
chad kelly did it.. action jackson did it. why not?..
he picked off both of them.
new : next up, the play the lowly . how many games will ny win?
mets better be cautious. phils,braves,marlins are gonna play the mets tough. glad the cards have to play the cubs&amp;pirates.
like every other day we will live with, be friends with, go to class with, work with, shop with, people who share region or religion w/ him.
we will not lash out at or judge people by these broad commonalities as we expect the same in return.
cam's personal stylist is the best troll of all.
stylist: what are you going for? cam: like...a snake oil salesman! stylist: a man of discerning taste! say no more!
fuck off ricky
i feel the last time sam bradford won any kind of conference/division was in college
update: mets can sell tebow jerseys because tebow, not part of the union, signed a deal with majestic
as longs as the wilpons can make more $$, all is right with the world.
so i think the analogy would work for pcsk9i only in hofh and only if there are no other approved therapies
maybe- but again, ldl reduction is a pretty well validated surrogate there
because your ass is worth it get the best ' glock / halo ' never leave home without them
: i don't. aim small. if not, fire a volley.
10 likes and i'll burn this and post a video
oh shit i got to 10 likes, i guess i gotta come through
lol, i think i'm the one that received insults. something about pussies and menstruation? seems like projection.
i just saw your tl with nothing but anti-trump insults. so i wont waste my time explaining anything. added that line for lolz.
i'm seeing ppl call food and liquor a classic album
lol it wasn't?
"ya blew it."
"they still have time to fuck it up." case in point.
don't be a saleshole. send half as many emails and create 2x as many opportunities. thx to the homies sales
truth! be a market educator and persuader. not a mindless leg humper.
thank you! i think it suits me well ... i'm still upset is taken by a man named andrew but i'll have to survive
wack :( yours is still cool though
i'm seeing $9.99 / month on website and app
guess it's too late and i won't be helped
does michael mcfaul sleep? he's the talking head in literally every "the russians are coming" take
elites in general run on like 4-5 hrs of sleep because they need to be productive (mcfaul is often tweeting at like 2am)
manga studio
i love manga studio but they both have their uses. =)
realized i never replied. it was amazing. worth every penny. you guys have to go see it!!!!
we're on it! hoping to go near the holidays :)
just announced commitment w/
such important work! congrats! would love to learn more and get involved!
ppl stay reminding each other that it's monday as if that'll help the cause at all
my monday might be ~happy~ but i don't want u wishing me a "happy monday" or nagging about how "it's only monday." i know what day it is thx
tweet your questions to w/ the hashtag to get the answers from your queens.
of all the previous queens, who do you think should have been competing in ??
yeah but i'm guessing they're not the main population.
in any case, i wonder if marketplace coverage would be cheaper it marketplace were structured like ma.
my butt is really sore after riding that... bike yesterday
not from the daddies of the eagle?!
do radical buddhists set a lot of bombs? quit being stupid.
radical buddhists have committed terrorism. ex. myanmar . look it up.
is this james earl jones narrating this nypd intro video?
. yes it was.
yes sir. i am down to some cycles when you guys are. let me know.
awesome! if you can follow me real quick so i can dm ya bud!
so, that took all of 38 hours.
we have to get tough, though.
it might be earlier if you order from apple! give it a shot!
couldn't wait. iphone 6 stopped powering on, coincidence? cop'd the iphone 7 black.
don't get me wrong. i'm not saying aides. she went with 7 staffs from eh ministry according to
yes , it was referring too. he has my contact, he would have just ask either by dm or sms
tommie, conversations require participants to answer questions as well. you never do so it isn't.
&amp; some give too much credence to "i'm a lawyer". some lawyers a) prepare wills; b) have no expertise in a field; or c) are bad
shares with you the african proverb of the day!
brand new tune
actual poop on inbound n car
as opposed to...the novelty poop usually found on muni?
my monday might be ~happy~ but i don't want u wishing me a "happy monday" or nagging about how "it's only monday." i know what day it is thx
have a great weekday everyone !!!!
i live part of the year in greenpoint, brooklyn. the more of them show up, the more our hostility grows. familiarity breeds hate.
the vast majority of the city disagrees with you. those who do agree w/u r trump supporters in alabama.i trust your neighbors
i was sleeping like a baby and the city decided today was the perfect day for construction
a try fell by our house
i think it would be very, very tough for insurance companies say no when the option is no other treatment
i agree they will not likely do it, but i'm not 100% sure they shouldn't
24 episodes of 100% addictive television in one box!
heard there will be another couple of series. when you are finished, there is an irish version: love/hate
and?? we nice stop hating boy
i'm not allowed to hate on other teams in my team's division?! that's not gonna happen
mizo posted a teaser of her fanbook on ao3.. ovo
omg where???
that is ludicrous...and exactly why many people don't trust the media. if it was wrong, it was wrong.
questioner there was pretty funny. but...
xbox one patch out, steam patch out, ps4 patch in qa, vita version nearly finished. i forgot how much work there is post-release :d
i'd love to hear what the vita optimization challenges were and what profiling/optimization tactics you used to overcome them!
props to the guy holding that sign up behind me. also, this might be peak awkwardness on my face right here
those fingers belong to rui ding, all the way from beijing! +let's see an action photo when you fire that sucker up!
what time does it start? will it be streamed online?
11:30. it will be streamed. go to ecac website
obama &amp; hillary want to ban our guns: "pipe bombs" found at new jersey rail station, one explodes via
is there a store selling pipe bombs?
agreed: lights, bells, barriers (and horn) is not enough:
but *why*? is there a report on what causes them somewhere?
good to see football back. lmfao at the woodson guy that got his hit then dipped
just another day at the coliseum
some kid is talking about being patriotic and how he believes we all need a gun collection for protection. i gotta go see ya.
i rolled my eyes and he said "stop judging me" i hate my life
i love living in the bronx, because nobody cares about us enough to bomb us or threaten us or anything rly.
terrorist: "we have hostages." un: "what are your demands?" terrorist: "wire $1,000,000,000 to this account or the entire bronx- hello?!"
what is the point of life?
even if is wrong, it seems like the best decision
frm singapore, our prayers are for u bro john. may the divine health &amp; favor &amp; wisdom of jesus christ be with u
for your faithfulness i pray that god will open a monotary window that no man will be able to count god bless you bro
thanks bro! keep downing work down there! looking forward to seeing y'all in a few weeks
will do! &amp; that's gon be one hell of a game!
hell no i didn't know it was going to rain i thought it was just going to be cloudy
why don't you check the weather ?
gave up 2 td's against swag kelly tho.. &amp; jit scared of contact bro, go watch the film..
i watched the film you just go by what the silk nigga say.
any interesting tweeps to follow for ? the hashtag live feed is full of racist crap.
i'm making a list on location shawncarrie/lists/refsummit
agreed: lights, bells, barriers (and horn) is not enough:
my point was that lights, bells and barriers *should* be enough without the horn, but apparently i was wrong.
i'm here for the same reason - would love to meet.
think we're sitting in same session. in back row near doors.
and you don't have a substantive argument. islam really spreads their love thru their repressive, intolerant belief system.
my argument is that religion doesn't kill people, people kill people just cuz they are mentally fucked up...
bst (bovine somatotropin) or bgh (bovine growth hormone) is primarily injected into dairy cattle, to increase milk production.
see that's exactly why we don't drink milk in my house
stylist: what are you going for? cam: like...a snake oil salesman! stylist: a man of discerning taste! say no more!
seriously going to save this pic for when i have to explain why i hate bowties to my clients.
what type of hoe shit? nigga you better man up and start swinging
you better suck my dick
they don't want their mom running the country but rather the faux-chill dude.
ugggh mom is the worrrrrrst
good morning david, what issues are you having with your fios this morning? ^ard
still pretending they don't know customers have been without phone, internet and tv for over a day.
no one wants to have breakfast with someone who loves pulp.
you're frontin, plus 80% of establishments don't even serve pull
overheard at jury duty: "plus you could get herpes"
jury duty is wild
you cannot make this up: jill stein opens interview by wrongly claiming she has lower blood pressure than hillary
not the last time she'll be beaten by hillary clinton!
where the matzo ball soup @
i am very sick and humorless today, this will be my only tweet
the mets medical staff this year.
i know ramirez is a deserved target, but as bad is he is, i strongly think injury mishandling starts way above his pay grade.
terrorist: "we have hostages." un: "what are your demands?" terrorist: "wire $1,000,000,000 to this account or the entire bronx- hello?!"
i also think part of it comes from the fact that bx niggas would probably handle that shit themselves.
very excited about the mobile feature in tableau 10. i will finally be able to design viz for game time site that will work on your phone!
what seriously? mobile feature? i'm too excited
good day metal monsters!!!
likewise all
like cspan, but these leaders are actually getting things done. &amp; other leaders commitments:
that is what i wish more could see when they are quick to criticize this work but know little about how good it is
all of that time spent courting republicans should've been spent putting forward a progressive agenda for fundamental change.
that and the complete failure to directly address young african americans with policies is political malpractice.
that is ludicrous...and exactly why many people don't trust the media. if it was wrong, it was wrong.
when 1 says "it's a bomb, i was right, have to kill kill kill", drags in a set of assumptions diff from "let's get facts."
plz tell me this is where local twitter spills all the tea. i hope it's messy.
yes. but if tea = beer
totally, though a week won't cut it. "oh, and your kitchen sink looks nice too. we'll just grab that on the way out. cheers!"
ha ha. we're a wicked lot, us humans. and i'm sure those governments are spreading the wealth from these lucrative deals......
that outfit is inappropriate
for real. is that beige sweater open?
a kids costume isn't going to come with black paint.
right, which is why it's also a full costume and not just a grass skirt.
shares with you the african proverb of the day!
brand new tune
lee brice, justin moore to launch co-headlining american made tour in january
- y'all need to come to upstate ny - pittsburgh is a 12 hr round trip.
hahaha love the worm. but i think gp could lock curry down better. better fit/matchup.
lol jordan in a second
huh? were my words misunderstood? sorry, you didn't make sense. try again please.
it was a joke asking if it would be better if bill clinton watched your children
really big things? we're talking about a commercialized new piece of technology that can potentially be dangerous
i'm extending it to space x, etc.
what's wrong with her?
shes not healthy and is putrid over the possibilities of loosing
this is a nice recap of the bridgegate saga
that would be wonderful news...on many levels since i'm a new jersey resident &amp;know first hand how bad a governor he is.
unconfirmed active shooter nj photo is possibly related to
any idea on who took it? can you follow me to dm?
first this then using british english grammar?
well that's canada for you
cheese is garbage but mozzarella is the top of the trash pile
**unfollowed**
cmon... what does allah say to do with the infidels, look in sura 9...
read the 10 commandments please... they simplified it for dickheads such as yourself
gave up 2 td's against swag kelly tho.. &amp; jit scared of contact bro, go watch the film..
and one he gave up was tipped he always in good position he just gotta catch the ball.
squeeeeee!!! &amp; ...
i love julie andrews! i got to meet her and her daughter in dc. rip lisel from sound of music :(
you are confusing me now. i have been saying the pcsk9i is not a good analogy. are you arguing it is or is not?
l don't know(!). i think payers could conceivably say they won't pay till rct. they make a lot of hard decisions
you are deliberately ignoring the religion of terrorists. do you mind if i ask why? do you just enjoy being wrong?
or should we speak about the manipulation of religion by certain groups? c'mon... you are desperate to have an easy enemy.
not a fan of them lol
ah nvm then
hillary just flip flopped on her position on terror.
she sure did!only has called her onit-the reporters that follow her around r her minions
patriot nation needs to accept it: you're not winning the next 2 games with jacoby brissett.
mad genius belichick could win with geno smith in foxboro. well, maybe not geno. tebow for sure.
i also think part of it comes from the fact that bx niggas would probably handle that shit themselves.
ain't no amber alert, ain't no wanted sirens, it'll be 1.4 million niggas in timbs out looking for this nigga b. bet we find him too.
hey devs- is the best way to save json to use jsonutility.tojson and then save the resulting string as xyz.json?
if you'll only need to read and write the entire json, yeah
your team trash so we know y'all won't win lol
that's funny coming from a team that just lost ap. better hope diggs turns into randy moss real quick!
like every other day we will live with, be friends with, go to class with, work with, shop with, people who share region or religion w/ him.
we will not let fear turn us into the worst we can be. as nietzsche cautioned we will be careful not to turn into the monsters we fight.
i swear, every fucking monday, there's always traffic on the streets.
thank you for keeping your vehicle moving.
obama to speak in nyc after glossing over attack during manhattan fundraiser
he needs to go
yep. how often?
too many times in my opinion.
not only is the but he's probably the . i'm just sayin'.
is right. a that happens, inside. i haven't stopped eating meat but !
it's called
: ass hole, islam is our adversary &amp; has been since the 7th century. it is the cult of murder, rape, slavery, thievery, subjugation
ray kelly is here at 's swearing-in ceremony.
is that with a ? or ! ray kelly is here? or ray kelly is here!
if you claim to love your country and the society that it predicates why do you need to be armed to feel secure in it?
i get if it's a small weapon for protection but you really don't need an assault rifle to protect yourself
i've talked it over with a few friends. self-editing + good grammar are common to traditionally-educated middle class kids... 1/2
both aren't so hard to teach on the job. a lot of applicants who didn't have parents helping them with both get left behind. 2/2
but i like the sms idea. sms can handle text, photos, and links. could also be free to everyone.
sms fees, though. if you're already on a device that can receive the alert, why not just expand on that?
i'm so sick of these trump right wingers! i'm at my ropes end.
yes, trump is relying on hate and fear to get elected. he's tapped into prejudice and homophobia.
ha, no. we weren't there long, we were too tired!
that's fair. you biked a lot yesterday
perfect, so, as you've said, gr2 is fricking huge. thank you!
specifically you want the 26l gr1
. is already in session. excited for our panel tomorrow on gender equality.
looking forward to hearing you speak!
really big things? we're talking about a commercialized new piece of technology that can potentially be dangerous
and yes, profit is a motive, but it has the potential to change our society/infrastructure in huge ways.
46% thrown 10 yards or less. targeted tes 26 times in 16 games. throw deep scheme. context. false narrative
i know all about him, i grew up in florida. great college qb, pro disaster. why do you fight this fight?
happy birthday!!! i hope you have a great day
white ass hand but thank you and i will
cost y'all the election... take responsibility for once...
that's right i started a war in the middle east. i forgot. douche.
volunteered at ronald mcdonald house of albany yesterday by spending time with the residents.
also helped clean the beautiful ronald mcdonald house.
whats wrong with this woody show video?
who greg's new lady friend?
will reverse the policy's of the obama &amp; clinton administration.
tell hillary to go and live in somalia
leftovers robbed on multiple fronts
oh that's right...s2 was eligible for this. fuck.
but i like the sms idea. sms can handle text, photos, and links. could also be free to everyone.
also, sms can only send text. everything after that is mms, which is even more expensive, fee wise.
the dashboards have a new feature that allow you to see in advance what your viz will look like on different mobile devices
i'm so excited for my draft visuals
fuck the fuckin fuck outta traffic
thank you for keeping your vehicle moving.
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
hmmmm. you and 15,000 nukes on the planet. you and the red button, you and foreign policy, you...??? nah i don't think so
naw he don't cuz 40glock snitched on him that's the only reason he was up there
he lookin a bit suspect
old lady on the elevator asked i if was 15 and how i liked high school
hope i look 22 when i'm 30 then
does this remind you of tyler when he was just a babe? *smiles*
awwwwwwww! im so glad tyler is big now. babies are a pain in the butt cuz they get lost so easily!!
no your shitty candidate who couldn't win his home state &amp; the 200,000 democrats who voted for bush fl
nader cost al gore florida. maybe you don't understand math, or electoral politics. you don't.
- so as a gb fan i felt good about the jags win bc i think they're good. today i'm wondering if perhaps it is just gb flaws. ??
i would say that right now it is hard to see drastic improvement from last year.
they are the problem. you are either stupid or just pretending not to notice.
you are a bigger problem to me than all religions put together.
shares with you the african proverb of the day!
mbilo nominated 7 times
elizabeth ave in linden a suspect is in custody.
boooooy you better credit whoever took this photo.
i have opened multiple tickets that you have not responded to - c'mon.
, we apologize for any inconvenience. please dm us the details and we will escalate the tickets internally.
talking to greek orthodox priest kythera ( young, family man) he asked me how c of e had "allowed itself" to get into current situ - hmm
i mean, it's a good question!
i bet that shit is scary smh but yea stay out of the city tbh
i can't stay out of the city lmao it's where i work
i don't understand how the term "grammar nazi" is a pejorative, i think it's more of a compliment.
i use grammar snob in my bio. it's true, i am snobbish about it
one of the best releases of all time
they're beautiful man. i wish.
indeed, and it's been around for decades in the military and since the 90s in tech and industrial design.
i understand, i'm saying expect more of this. not saying it's right, just saying it's going to happen more.
jezebel continues its downward spiral to the garbage heap.
yes. be nice jezebel! she had a rough couple of days!
i know im biased bcuz is a friend but when he goes off on bgst, it's one of my favorite things to listen too.
lol i was so cranky yesterday
the editing in on is so much better. finding that flow!
thanks man! editor on over here.
i fell down the stairs to the subway today so i can never take the l again.
full flight or just a few?
followup question for hrc: "given this accusation, do you believe trump should be promptly arrested for treason?"
i am pretty sure hillary is eager to skip the pleasantries and get down to the executions.
unfortunately with that flat face she's not even worth $5 but thank you for thinking of me!
if you hate yourself, they also had the xenoglossia swimsuit ones as well
a very british welcome waiting for the pm and her party in ny...
dear , umbrella status update: i leant mine to . she promised to give it back to me. phil
oh no, definitely not the way to start your morning. what happened? ^nm
my seat was changed due to an aircraft switch and i got put in the very last row with a middle seat when i had a near front window
isis supporters are posing as charity workers, warns son of murdered imam - breitbart
like roaches they are going to come out be diligent
in the age of obama we've learned how to show due disrespect to the shameless narcissist in the oval office
: was he embalmed?
and people are up in arms? come onnnnnnnnn
always. everything offends someone
i don't know why that is, but the rule is the rule. can only have certain # per division
so when pettis went down to fw, the ufc had to cut someone or a fw had to move up to lw?
dt's immaturity is, in part, of what makes him so dangerous. the other part is his thirst for power.
true, trump is 100% ego driven which would be very dangerous as potus
"a favor will catch you faster than a bullet." - carlito brigante ('carlito's way')
oooh. "ever dance with the devil in the pale moonlight?"
bloke smacks giant alligator in the head with dead chicken before riding it like a horse
we have never seen anything like this before mandy, check it out
i'm sure that james corden is a lovely chap, but i just don't find him funny.
i do find him funny, but i have no idea of he's a lovely chap or not. i never expect someone to be who they are on tv.
that aint him im leaving
can you collect him either way
adura by with
brand new tune star
mexicans aren't the only ppl coming across the southern border. lots of others from a whole lot of places.
video watch "point of light immigration &amp; boarders" on youtube
so about as much as an impossible project photo, but 10000x better. :)
haha yeah, that sums it up.
nyc woke up to an alarming alert about the man wanted in connection to the chelsea bombing
i don't understand this country with terrorism? nobody alerts the people that it was terrorism?
"trump's usa"
before they rot i want the blondes tits
not sure why teams in p5 leagues play a tough non conference schedule. oklahoma did it and now they are out of the playoff discussion.
houston wasn't this houston when they scheduled this 5 years ago
hi gday gz\m/ hi all:)
how are you ay
i remember everyone i worked with in the army could not believe i was from nyc. why was that so hard to believe? i never found out.
your persona
story from ole miss, w/ my wife trying to fight a frat guy, a 10 year old flipping double birds, &amp; no ice.
funny stuff!
so that appears to the be cause of this. if you sign up for alerts, you'll be updated when it's been cleared. ^dfm
so you are fully aware that i am still without tv, internet and phone and you have set and missed 3 deadlines to fix it.
happens way more than ppl think bitches ain't shit. jus cuz she make flipagrams wit long paragraphs dont mean shit
gross . they are both filthy .
jerk wings? how spicy were they?
mild and delicious
i was anticipating an explainer article talking about lupita's gele.
love that some thought its fold was 'vintage' aka out of date. so many side-eyes from nigerian fashionistas coming her way
reminder: there is never a need to end a sentence with multiple exclamation points or question marks!!
what!?!?!?!?
oh please do go fuck your self. you self identified assumed label we know you are at least one!
man up and take credit. btw based upon your response. it does matter to you.
are you mad about not having a headphone jack
idk yet. haven't needed to use headphones yet
heading off this morning to for some events around and - anyone else in town this week?
attending the summit! looking forward to day 2!
the punishes players for celebrating a touchdown, but rewards them for trashing the united states of america.
the iron rule of politics applies here: reward what you want more of, tax (punish) what you want less of.
i don't know what a pre-date is.
is it like a pre-flight check? where they give you a brief overview of what the date's gonna be? idk.
are you really a "thief" if you decide to take something left on the curb in nyc or atop a trash can anywhere?
i believe the correct term is dumpster diver.
if phils play spoiler on mets their last weekend here, i will lose my shit
lol. i hear ya. i'm worried about the marlins myself.they have an outside shot plus they've always been jealous of the mets
trump. he's our only hope to break the cycle. hillary works in tiny increments. raise the minium wage to $10 and exult.
trump has no viable plan to bring prosperity. cheap labor/ computerized manufacturing cannot be undone. trump = g.w. bush iii.
food startup provides a platform for home chefs to cook meals for users through an ios app
. and we couldn't have done it without ! thanks for the umi love.
and just for the record, criticism does not equal insult.
you started convo with this insult i didn't take you seriously after that.
. i speak only for , and this is the kind of thing we stand for:
me too. the clojure community is a really warm, inviting group.
you either win the play or lose the play.. nothing moral bro..
ok remember you said that.
hey, greg! clearly they haven't read george orwell or aldous huxley 'cos it ain't going to be a brave world.
or "new" melissa. he wants to take the country back to the '50s
right, but the gov and carriers could work to make those free, just like carrier plan alerts are.
isn't that all a step backwards from just enhancing the emergency alert in-os?
win big! snap a photo with to show us how you stay healthy at school. rules:
nutritious food isn't boring - my adobo chicken salad bowl with black beans and avocado is proof!
12th it's a sunday and if i don't go i will cry
yup saw that. and i am sure.
most outstanding portrayal of an inanimate background object
that's great.
breaking: chelsea bomber is alive and in custody after a shootout with police in linden, nj
thank god. thank u as well kristin
must-read for baas users
here's a pile of official tutorials on that via
in your point "keep our good mexican people" r u serious? can't believe you'd call out ppl in such a manner...
watch "point of light black lives matter" on youtube
mexicans aren't the only ppl coming across the southern border. lots of others from a whole lot of places.
watch "point of light black lives matter" on youtube
change ur borough!!!!
i can't move my hospital lol
if that's too many times, then you must be really, really, really tired of muslims doing it, because they do it a lot more often
are you sure about that? you think in war, only one group commits atrocities?
lmaoo sprint service kinda trash at my job fml
you don't use the wifi?
mop automatic: indicators bezel finest mop dial k-1 scratch resistant crystal
- i love this watch; can't keep it off my wrist. great value too!
amazing but true: giants are 2-0 and haven't forced a turnover. they're 31st in nfl with a minus-4 turnover differential.
they will also force turnovers. these things always end up evening out
will removal of tax exemptions for religions ever hit prime time discussion cycle.
i wish it would, i'd love to see them taken away
. is ready to make our country strong again by making our families strong again.
who better to talk about strong families than a man w/2 failed marriages, multiple affairs, &amp; pending rape lawsuit?
c'mon! still waiting! just one accomplishment!
nothing huh? just couldn't come up with 1 accomplishment? so why are you voting for her?
report: bombs in ny/nj were discovered only after thieves tried to steal abandoned luggage, found explosives inside
the homeless are on the front lines
you gotta dig thru my thighs to get to my pussy
where you been all my life ma?
definitely is! i have no idea still what i'm going to wear, but i'll find something in my closet.
i would be the same way!
now: president obama speaks on ny/nj terror attacks watch live -
this is a joke right? i never watch this jo!
israeli forces kill two alleged palestinian attackers as violence surges
another bullets, they could easily apprehend them alive if they wanted to
i would be curious if trump would apply this same logic to gun magazines (like, the print kinds.)
he wants to arrest people who incite violence??
my gut keeps telling me somehow, some way he is involved.
i hate for agreeing but i do. who does it benefit the most? trump? why were the bombs all so stupidly made?
i never trusted pm, anyway. trump 's "praise" for putin was limited to a few benign comments but it wasn't advocacy.
yet almost daily we see trump, staff, russians linked. not on breitbart tho.
if phils play spoiler on mets their last weekend here, i will lose my shit
if mets play .500 and go 7-6 the cards would have to atleats go 9-4 down the stretch just to tie them.. mets should be ok.
trump has been through bankruptcy, just like us. trump listens to us. trump speaks to us like humans.
trump is just presenting more voodoo economics that failed miserably under bush. like g.w., trump surrounds himself w losers.
gun control working like a charm.
non-gun control working equally well.
so that appears to the be cause of this. if you sign up for alerts, you'll be updated when it's been cleared. ^dfm
can you give me an honest idea when new yorkers can have these basic survival necessities we pay you for?
truly disturbing that he makes such child-like comments. how can anyone vote for the village idiot?
so true and so scary the level of ignorance in this country
it's 1am and i'm drunk in bed alone watching svu and liking my own tweets how's ur life going
and there's nothing wrong with that.
wait, is this what happened?: 1) bomb left in luggage 2) thieves empty worthless-looking contents into metal trash can, take luggage 3) lol?
it's like nyc evolved a way to neutralize these kinds of threats.
damn i wish i can forget everything about sons of anarchy and rewatch it
i thought the same, still rewatched it lmao goat the second time around too
adura by with
brand new tune
i learned to drive on a 3-on-the- tree
me too and the big bench seat w no in the middle
oh nice. i was thinking of making a draenei tank of some kind. i'll let you know if it ever gets to end-game :p
and on that note, now i have a level 22 draenei warrior haha
i live on block where the bomb went off. here's pictures i took on way to work this morn in crime scene perimeter
great pix. thanks. have friend in building right across street. couldn't place exactly where all was happening.
if it seems too good to be true, it is.
this is corny
my 11 year old's career ideas: writer, teacher, veterinarian, zoologist, or "open a chocolate shop in paris with my friend."
did she read my mind?
i'm not a christian.
it doesn't matter what you... i really don't care. however you should use your platform to spread love not hate.
grrrgh. i need to leave &amp; catch the bus but so many wrong people everywhere
wrong with wrongsauce.
shouldn't schedule ohio state either
shying away from tough games won't help gage where your team is at going into conf play.
trump is a leader bcz,with education &amp; judgement,he told americans we need 2 fight terror:he saw this coming
he has wanted vetting and strict policies from day 1 hillary has changed her tune because she wants votes
mommy pats little donnie's head, then gives heavy sigh :(
from what i have read his mother was the exact same way. scary! gm dee
wait, is this what happened?: 1) bomb left in luggage 2) thieves empty worthless-looking contents into metal trash can, take luggage 3) lol?
where did you see this at? o.o this is the first time i'm seeing this info
what is the problem with that alert? don't see any mention about him being brown.
the problem is that emergency alerts are to be used only in specific situations, and 'we have a suspect' isn't one
there is zero evidence to substantiate this claim by trump. it's made up:
he know exactly what lies 50% of americans want to believe.
happy born day my guy still ass scoring 2 points in 8 games
good looking tho brodie i appreciate ya ass ass
neither. i'm worried about if it's gonna rain on the day of the parade. hope it doesn't.
that's only if you get regular season david price and not postseason david price. good luck against cubs
fudge its monday
yupp i didn't go to school cuz am sick and i can't talk
ty. i'm much 2 tired to make sense of things. bombs seem to make me lose sleep. no, he can't watch any kids .
relax, it was not a terrorist bombing. it was merely an islamic "community bombing." haji wanted to share his ied skills w/ us
can someone please explain to me why everyone and their mother has beef with meek mill?
i mean i know everyone wants bc she's fine and a boss but sheesh. i mean, i would jealous of someone who has her
and that's all we got. we're beyond desperate and democrats hate us. hillary at any cost willll be your downfall.
trump will cut taxes on the wealthy, lay off gov't workers, create huge deficits, increase military bombing, destroy economy.
i'd suggest that he go work for fox, but fox hates him (and vice versa)!
rumor is that once trump loses he and ailes will start an alt-right tv network
win big! snap a photo with to show us how you stay healthy at school. rules:
nutritious food isn't boring -my adobo chicken salad bowl w/ black beans &amp; avocado is proof!
regarding my departure from fox:
i will miss you. you had wonderful energy. good luck on your future endeavors.
score a $494 apartment at 275 west 140th street, central harlem
but where's the link tho
here's a pile of official tutorials on that via
but i'm most looking forward to 's take
much like bed bugs, resistant develop thicker cuticle
damn you, evolution and your wily tricks, damn you!
the compliance curves are getting really steep. hard to meet future compliance without making any significant progress.
we are trying to get ccs engaged. it roughly halves the carbon footprint of most biofuels but requires a co2 storage location.
"...but it's really about depression!" - me trying to convince people to watch bojack
it has a satisfyingly irredeemable darkness to its depression that feels fresh?
the iphone 7 ships with a 1a plug i switched to a 2.1a one and it charged the rest immediately.
omce again, i suspect something is spinning in the background. kills your battery, makes charging slow.
. brazenly links with election fraud in
trump's hero.
if i got paid hourly to sit in the traffic i hit i'd have $1,240 a month
please keep your vehicle moving or ready to move. thanks.
is currently experiencing departure delays between 31 mins and 45 mins due to tm initiatives:swap:wx
is currently experiencing departure delays between 46 mins and 1 hr due to tm initiatives:swap:wx
never change pack fans....
lmao these guys have been spoiled by elite qb play for 25 years, they don't know pain
i will not and do not apologize for disrespecting an intolerant and repressive belief system of hate like islam.
can you do a kkk rant after you're done with this one???
and how could i forget
also loki has 1.1 million instagram followers so the rest of us should give up now
i think so! got me feeling like i should stay home from work but i cant
that's how i feel errday lol
to the t t y
they're petty all the time
i don't see how this invalidates our point: hf/ux is not new and is particularly needed in new commercialized tech
first to market &gt; proper testing for most. i was simply stating that this isn't a surprise to me. not invalidating.
i hope she dives to the floor where she belongs
looked out of it when she was interviewed on her plane saturday night-not fit 4 this
every problem i have with german can be summed up by the fact that their word for 'girl' isn't a feminine noun
are you learning german? i have german friends who aren't even fluent in german
fuck me right?
whenever u want
what is the problem with that alert? don't see any mention about him being brown.
the alert uses a brown-sounding name, but no photo. now every brown man in nyc is going to be met with undue suspicion.
be caereful wha u wish for
im not joking pick a weekend i have a very comfy couch in the living room with your name on it and also alcohol
yes. we've been replaced by cheap labor overseas by indians and their call centers. immigrants are here to do the same.
this is the price we pay for the invention of the computer and the internet. no going back. man as a worker is diminished.
let's make sure everything is in order. please follow/dm us. ^jjt
why does it take 8 + hours for a dm response to each reply? day 3 of issues and gotten nowhere!
just made my first football bet with for hawks vs niners. if anyone else would like to lose a bet to me lmk
i am taking the niners.
doesn't data, , also suggest need for 'efficient' agriculture, to avoid bringing new land into use?
sure. but efficient at what? today, only 35% of the calories grown on fields today end up in the human diet.
recommends we follow for a great presentation on us slavery...
and the caribbean too
bug alert! also.. crop picture is broken again.
clicking on title should be fixed in today's release. what's the issue with cropping?
he must be stopped !
yes he must be stopped!
first play of ahead in the clouds by and tonight. interesting resource management game in 17 cards.
got to play this too a few times. really digging it.
we can't wait! students, staff and alumni are excited to here from you!
have not been back since '99. very excited!
you have to re-invite me with music like that!
can't wait to have you here my friend! we'll make sure to have plenty of pouched eggs and toast on hand.
yeah, there seems to be something systemic here.
i don't blame nyhss, either. this is a world class outfit with top shelf doctors/specialists.
portland metro monday traffic: dense fog moving into the metro area, watch for...
i like the spacing.
i had a dream that i was abducted by aliens and when i easily ran up a flight of stairs to escape i stopped and said "oh this isn't reality"
i'm glad you favorited this because i didn't have room to say in the tweet but we both got abducted
oh i'm fantastic about to get dressed and head out
cool. is it raining over there?
unless you don't agree that there are radical muslim terrorists? only islamophobes who r trying to make them look bad?
are all afghans terrorists?
big up everyone who came out to mixmag live with justice in london on friday! levels inside were off the charts &lt;3
read our exclusive first interview with justice here:
yep. there was. al-qaeda. and before that, lots of others. what do you think that you gain by pretending not to know things?
and before that? why do these groups exist? what do you believe is the conflict?
omce again, i suspect something is spinning in the background. kills your battery, makes charging slow.
how can i determine what it is? the console is flooded, no repeated crash logs...
cool, i get that. didn't understand 's view that this is a race targeting message.
race is definitely a component, there's more info here:
suspect in police custody, sources say connection to new york and new jersey explosions
somebody should tell
you see this ? get yourself a car this october.
or get myself a bowtie and make some extra cash
curious what this is?
this tweet lost it's thread, which tweet are you referring to?
how can i determine what it is? the console is flooded, no repeated crash logs...
and this is a restored iphone, so whatever it is lived in the backup.
doesn't data, , also suggest need for 'efficient' agriculture, to avoid bringing new land into use?
good agronomic practices, that conserve nutrients and water, would help a lot too.
i heard angelica has 2 of them
this wouldn't be surprising news to me
omfg. this has been me all summer
it's so hard and then to find things that are my size
my manager texted me yesterday to remind to be @ work @ 6 and this girl ain't even here....i'm heated
text her to go out later and don't show up, that'll teach her
being stuck in traffic right next to a taco truck is cruel and unusual punishment.
please keep your vehicle moving or ready to move. it helps the rest of us.
i've been out of school for 3 years, so i think it's time i stopped having nightmares about failing my mid-terms
still happening to me after 10+ years. school ends, crazy doesn't.
i remember kris did that to me one time i said fuck no texted her real fucking quick
lmao my ass still gotta go
yes you hit up
yes, pls do come tart it up in sf!
this is why.
i know it's "this is water" but it kinda sounds like "this is why" ;)
i think that, when a bomb is set in america, intended to kill people, it was most likely set by a muslim. because it's true.
that's racist and ignorant and dangerous. that's why your thinking is a bigger threat to me. you stand for things i cannot.
\m/\m/ i listen now
awesome ay thanks for sharing
i'm obsessively protective of my food as a direct result of growing up with four siblings but can you really blame me
i threatened to kill zo if she looked at my chai tea but at least i don't hide snacks anymore???
she collapsed in the street. mt on hillary's "health," and why we obsess on women's bodies as a reason to keep them out of power
when ronald reagan collapsed in the street everyone said "he's so brave and heroic".
necklace of the day
omg can i steal this from you??
im high as shit and decided i will answer any question and need for advice and spiritual life via 30 second hotep twitter video message
i can confirm this
makes sense i guess. but i feel like you could pull it off and still look professional as heck.
i agree! but i think it's something our generation feels very differently about then the gen above us.
absolutely vote against hillary but not for her bff trump or the pothead loony tune johnson either.
stupid..it's killery or trump..get ur head outta ur ass
you think i care?
corny people never care about how corny they are
lemme guess: the solution to terrorism is to bring in more terrorists, right?
current ob plan is for 110k more next year!
ok with news sources editing out key words or phrases, based on their bias? or would you rather get facts &amp; decide yourself?
i want to decide for myself i don't want nor need someone making my mind up for me
adopted. couldn't let another family end up with marvin had to keep him all to ourselves.
omgggggg congrats!!
trump: 1) falsely suggests jihadi magazines are sold in america. 2) uses false premise to dismiss freedom of speech.
also, and others making good points about whether he'd apply same premise/rhetoric to gun magazines/tutorials/etc.
in my humble opinion everyone can hugely benefit from competing in ballroom dancing! yes, even you!...
thanks so much for the retweet &lt;3
yeah, sorry; with the 1st testers we've been pushy with everyone staying up to date, but it won't stay like this for long. apologies!
the issue is that popping up a window while i'm typing a master password is bad. here are solutions
me telling a boy we can hangout n already thinking of the lie im gonna tell him to say i cant go
hhhhhh this is u in a tweet
mcconnell should b impeached. his job is 2 serve the ppl. all of them, not just himself &amp; racists
impeach mitch
when ronald reagan collapsed in the street everyone said "he's so brave and heroic".
but i guess it's different for men
i know i've asked you this before, but you have seen ,haven't you?
i watch it every november 5th.
why you have such a hard time with facts is beyond me. it's something you should examine about yourself.
what facts? you want to research bombs in us and go sets them off?
that explains a lot lol
it does, his mother needed constant attention and always being center stage.
the best of ? it's going to be a very long night!
well...all that one gal can sing in one night!
why? he was being honest, they may have gave but they didn't get anything. trump paid, bondi played there's diff
lol. you know they didn't get anything how? putin got uranium from them for his money:
was aware of the french influences, but not the rest. interesting!
the irish/welsh/scottish influences are mainly in eastern canada, where i'm from. ex: my sister took gaelic in university.
clinton says she's the only candidate "who has been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield"
and she placed them into our embassies! what would be chris stevens' reply? "avoid the movies"?
happy birthday bud
thanks tim haha
was ben there?
unfortunately no one from the enterprise was there
yeah, sorry; with the 1st testers we've been pushy with everyone staying up to date, but it won't stay like this for long. apologies!
i love keybase but the pop-up thing is a security issue for me
another little question (sorry i know i'm anoying), the video has to be one of a few seconds, right? or the song complete?
up to you, you could do the whole song, your favorite part etc
enter code hamilton16 in the promotions tab + request hamilton now for the chance to win tickets to tonight's show. good luck!
we are trying non stop since 10:59... are there any ticket left ? we are so sad, pleaaaaase !!!
breaking: rahami in custody in linden nj- top law enforcement officials confirms to me and
so happy they got him!
biggest surprise this year: almost no political yard signs. in middle class cleveland suburb. driven all around. not seen one sign.
they are too shocked by the season-ending injury to carlos carrasco. go tribe!
good morning my metal fam \mm/
good day brother wolf &amp; all
things i miss about my childhood: no problems no hates no shames no stress no heartbreaks no school life was easier
is there something wrong with your memory?
the fuck is with these people; why is their head so far up their ass?
hey now. i think you're thinking of something else; 's a horror game he's speaking of here
if suspect is bomber i was clearly wrong on counts 1&amp;2. islamists usually take credit for handiwork. hence my hunch.
they only take credit when "successful" (i.e. bodies). gives them free option, never need to own failures
what i thought as well, just making sure that's what you meant as well
my eyes agree - looked good w/ vesey, he was making good looking reads.
maybe also ask why i can't use paper right now.
what's the issue tim? happy to try and help
obama "sees no connection" between cloud knife jihad and nyc/nj jihad bombing.smh -- what's it going to take? same war, same ideology ..
sorry that just sounds dumb. a guy was shot in. nj, and chicago. maybe the two are related? world is huge
the mail has been good to today.
oh cats eye! i saw that when i was 5 and it traumatized my until i was 10
sure. rt : patriot nation needs to accept it: you're not winning the next 2 games ...
... but the bills are week 4 with extra time to prep.
what's she in court for?!
for an incident many months back in which she was accused of assaulting police officers. it's highly implausible.
for 2 years i've felt obliged to suppress this thought but i can't any longer: i prefer the size of the iphone 5
4" phone is the best phone
is he/she in your house?
she was in the house from birth to six weeks. her mom rejected her and she was really sick
hari nef looks a little "fall bridesmaid 1996" and i want to fix her bangs but she's not going to sweat.
um, no. this dress is gorgeous in action. is a queen.
stop and go traffic in on i-90 wb between n park rd and wa-290 spur, delay of 10 mins
please . reduce stop &amp; go driving.
a nice gele is serious business. lol high end nigerian weddings and events folks hire a professional to tie them.
i'm in awe of the gele. i would not attend a nigerian wedding wearing one if it wasn't done by an expert possible side hustle?
there was an explosion in midtown on 23rd street and it freaked out everyone.
me included because leaving the city was hella hard and difficult because i was working when it happened.
why? he was being honest, they may have gave but they didn't get anything. trump paid, bondi played there's diff
those countries got access &amp; weapons right after their donations. saudi arabia &amp; bahrain &amp; others didn't donate for nothing.
small business owners wear lots of hats. one of them is email marketer. our guide can help:
i need that freddie hat asap.
peter thomson, coding with . join him now in the media zone
those are students from ap computer science program!
they can pry my iphone se from my dead, cold, tiny hands.
they'll just use force touch
": refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming. lots young males, poorly vetted.
america is going to be in big trouble.
statement on 's disgusting attempt to distract from isis failures
you guys are having a really difficult time blaming bush. but have no problem blaming her for birtherism.
that boy waiting for the bus
hahahahah ac transit
if fans retaliate with hate.. they being themselves down to the same level as those attacking matt
exactly, but some don't see it that way. that's not support, that's continuing the cycle.
.: "we're going to make sure that everybody is working together...to get to the bottom of what happened."
does obama know the suspect has been arrested?
i want some fried cheese
come get it lol i can't wait to eat next month
who the fuck is ? never heard of him.
well speaks very highly of you
deliberate stupidity is your value. it's not mine.
showing restrain, waiting for information, not being easily frighten and the notion of guilty until proven guilty is stupid 2u?
yes, awesome, great banda, excellent poder, one fav mine
mine as well
ga charlie &amp; girls! blessed sunday
happy monday lovely people hope your day is a great one
my job is terrible with it
shut the up you old hag like no shit it's gonna be on my body forever it doesn't take sherlock fucking holmes to figure that out
(i'm checking out hazeover, but it's more of a window dimmer....)
rescuetime + selfcontrol has worked well for me
social media for patient advocates: 9/21 webinar w/ &amp;
we are all eager to share what we've learned. hope to see many on wednesday webinar!
when you wake up and realize that yesterday was your last day off until next tuesday.
so much for the "i'll have weekends off" thing.
good luck bro! you got this!!
thanks man, you guys are awesome
will there be other events like this one?
always! register on our site to get makings on our free ironstrength classes all over nyc area!
because terrorism = islam and us dont want to offend muslims
it's so much worse than you can this video in its entirety:oic
i'm a uk based indian classical and contemporary singer
nice... would like to listen to you more.
this jane thor art sneak peak is brought to you by and me
can't wait for the next issue. looks fantastic!
i believe the young muslim men&amp; women are being radicalized in the mosque.what better way to reach them.friends/family will not report them
you are correct the mosques are the breeding grounds
traffic: kytc says a crash in the 9600 block of us 431 near mcfarland and ben ford is blocking traffic on 431. kytc says to avoid the area.
crashes are caused by bad expectations. please
very much dislike amazon fresh. lots missing, damaged food and this is how they delivered 2 bags of groceries:
so the "one tiny item per box" problem they have with regular items persists eh? "ordered an sd card? tv sized box oughta do it."
congratulations, on your win! you're a force to be reckoned with! much deserved!! big kiss
she was amazing!!!
i think next coach to take bremen job has a chance for a reputation boost as i still think there is enough talent there, lot more than this
hearing breitenreiter + gisdol or andi herzo
unfortunately with that flat face she's not even worth $5 but thank you for thinking of me!
holy shit ok if you don't get this at this price, i am jumping on it
crazy maureen dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing , pretends she knows me well--wrong!
"wacky?" .... wtf are you smoking there gramps?
these pressure cooker bombs must bring back bad memories. luckily this pussy didn't hurt anybody too badly.
the douche is in custody. he's drawn his last breath of air in the free world.
damn do they numb you or what lol
they could do,
i wouldn't care- but being ya all have a bunch of staffers who love2point out spelling errors- it's priebus
bravo dan! they cannot spell they can only spin!!!
worst part is if you take it to an apple store their solution will be "reset and don't restore backup".
or "disable location for things you don't need", which i have, except for these
looking for two face models for this friday. 1. must be willing to come to manhattan 2. must be reliable.
what's a two face model .. just curious
hi, yes i called the help desk and that is what they told me. it is not something that is obvious when using the ipad. thanks.
yep understood...just hang tight. working as fast as we can.
obama tells press not to get ahead of investigation, but he's talking live and doesn't seem to know suspect arrested
does obama even know the suspect has been arrested?
that is what i try to tell you tim haha.. it is so obvious with the media/fanboys
yep i know , kinda pathetic lol
"rules 4 radicals" book elite dems/libs do not want u 2 know about &amp; fear u read
you know the best way to best to defeat rules for radicals is to fight fire with fire. except their fire is and ours is
not sure it's possible to love a guy w 3 career catches more
trey burton is the greatest athlete in philadelphia history
i do love rainy days for writing. got a few errands/appointments but then can settle in and motor.
as a californian, if i wait for rain to write i'll write three months of the year (if that). i miss the rain! feels literary.
: ny, nj suspect ahmad khan rahami has been taken into custody
brothers in blue working real fast love it
i get this view, but i don't think this was intentional.
racism doesn't need to be intentional to exist, it's about the impact the message has and not the intent of the sender.
if i wait a little longer then maybe you'll be ready nowwwwwww
is my mannnnn
those groups exist because there is a religion founded by a mass murderer, and the members think he is morally perfect.
you are ignorant. based on what do you make that statement? have you studied theology?
lmfaoooo i wish i could say that
it takes every ounce of self control on my body not to be a dick to people about it. i'm just like "oh well."
this is a really serious question + i am not being a butthole: but like, why can't we all fuck one another into oblivious + just b cool?
here for this
torture is always atrociously immoral. vengeance torture is a crime against humanity. usa hung war criminals for this.
its a wu tang song
it takes a lunatic to think that importing welfare recipients who want to kill us is a good idea
what can we do?
three weeks till i'm in spain
yesss - what do you have planned?
i cant do the vegan thing
i was raised . i do believe gave us for but i don't believe in .
brb going to all the gyms
she is so incredible!
it's the logic not the details that are silly
exactly like i need a nap after listening to this
congratulations, on your win! you're a force to be reckoned with! much deserved!! big kiss
i wish you were there too &lt;3
the fact i have to push the button to get to the thing to put in my pin lmfao. the notifications, aaaaaand the emojis
its something i'll have to get used to. but again, i'm not gonna willingly download it anyway lol
that's one of the few places i've actually blacked out, they're nuts
hell yea! smh
this is a really serious question + i am not being a butthole: but like, why can't we all fuck one another into oblivious + just b cool?
why someone always gotta lose their damn mind? or we gotta spectate + b pressed about someone else's sex life?
if you people didnt need your newest gadget i would be free
you people!? and i came on a friday. that is a weekday.
watching cable news now, and looking forward to this breaking news update on our narrative fight with isis.
1st, idiot doesnt have clearance to know what we're doing. 2nd, what is his plan?
i get this view, but i don't think this was intentional.
i don't think it was intentional, either.
so if you got famous you'd be cool with your girl wearing lingerie in public
no but we didnt grow up like them, and us just talking about it giver her more popularity that all they want
i listen to trey , chris brown , jacquees , king los , jadakiss , fabolous , drake , meek mill , big sean , future , rich the kid
i forgot my boy ace hood
sure. but i know who. again. how exactly what i able to guess this? go ahead. tell me. am i psychic?
you are an ignorant fool who relishes on blaming a group of people based on the possibility that a terrorist is a muslim.
she and her friend are already plotting out this chocolate shop. you know, if the writer/teacher/vet thing doesn't work out.
i love it! let me know when they're hiring
ok while i agree twitter needs to work on community these are completely separate problem domains
you can't take new app features as an indicator they aren't working on community; the people dedicated to these tasks are different
rt for a chance to win a free kanio signature bracelet of your choice! must rt and be following us to enter
my bffs will love these! &lt;3
went short i love it
your hair is gone
last in , during 's "complete ipa" book release. via with logo out.
great to meet last week! thanks for taking awesome pics.
accident, right lane blocked in on 5 sb at poinsettia ln, stop and go traffic back to palomar airport rd, delay of 4 mins
crashes are caused by bad expectations. please .
do you own one or more chairs?
i laughed but i then realised my landlady does actually own my chairs.
i got free tix for wednesday
cy young , future hall of famer , bartolo colon
we don't have that. but it's working now
wait y'all don't have wifi at work?
don't vote for a minor-party candidate to make a statement, writes
it is not only young americans who risk not taking their vote seriously. all too many americans stay home.
why is it raining so hard today
nigga where you at lol
a sneak peek into my sister's predebut shoot in a ranch. also, we got to feed ostriches!
lolz for a second there i thought it said you got fed ostriches hahaha
if you can find me a kkk member putting bombs into trashcans sure
never forget the 16th street baptist church bombing in birmingham alabama by the kkk.... so please start your kkk rant now.
there is absolutely no polling evidence to back up this claim.
let me fix it: "how chaos helps trump's narrative."
phone-call recipients can't hear intermittently on her new 7. cellular signal's always fine here. possible to have a bad mic?
that happened sometimes with iphone 6/6s too. test the mic using voice memos, and then try wi-fi calling.
. and i recently discovered that all melons are gourds but not all gourds are melons. this is definitely a game changer.
you see, watermelon is the melon (obviously) and pumpkin (king of the gourds) is the gourd.
are you here? will come find you
i am! look to your right - i'm with the print reporters.
yes, of course we do. so if hf or ux is not accounted for, it's either sloppiness or surprising ignorance.
do you think this is the test ... live drivers on public roads? it feels like it to me.
that's exactly what tamir was doing before getting shot point blank
you're right. one of the more outrageous incidents. cop never should have been hired (past incidents) &amp; should be in jail.
have you ever tried to practice yoga? i did! from do you like it?
i like to do yoga with u
what are you experiencing with your iphone? let's check into resolving this.
i gave yall 200 dollars of my money my shit dies on 30% disconnects me from internet every 2 minutes,samsung got u beat.
there there
what i'm fine
who implied that?
this terrorist is an afghan, just like not every afghan is not a terrorist, neither is every muslim a terrorist.
good week everyone
you too great week cecy and for a all!
wanna say happy birthday to one of my favoritest people in wwe ever
wait is favoritest even a word? ehhh we'll make words up for renee's birthday.
no he didnt... those voters always voted green... nader got the same out votes past/present greens
yes he did. and there's blood on his hands
or "disable location for things you don't need", which i have, except for these
the compass doesn't work without that ( and homekit ignores the setting
yoshinori muto, mainz 15-16. dat xg/shot. intriguing bundesliga player just coming into his prime.
couple of fairly serious knee injuries inside a year. i hope he succeeds, but would be cautious
you are going to have to peddle that elsewhere, i'm busy. if there was validity to that 17 mo old article, we would know it
hahahahahaha. the fact that article hasn't been debunked helps prove it's true, kid. nice try.
why someone always gotta lose their damn mind? or we gotta spectate + b pressed about someone else's sex life?
we grown as hell. why we stay reverting back to middle school behavior? getcha fuck on + let others do the same.
why has no one broken your legs yet?!?
u wanna come try it
does not play nice with existing itunes library. plays live/alternate versions when playing back album with same song names
doesn't seem like a problem with but with music app on iphone
you people!? and i came on a friday. that is a weekday.
he acts like he's not getting paid overtime and snatching our hard-earned coin...
.: no connection at this point between minnesota stabbing and nyc/nj bombings.
except the religious beliefs of the perps, the extremist ties &amp; the outcome of danger to us citizens
same with louisiana flooding - preferred fundraisers in martha's vineyard
you don't think it had anything to do with his administration waiting for fbi to determine the suspect &amp; motivation?
i'm hosting "office hours" . let's talk podcasting, radio, , the weather. sign up for a slot:
that's really cool. neat app.
that happened sometimes with iphone 6/6s too. test the mic using voice memos, and then try wi-fi calling.
as far as i can tell, sometimes the modem/antenna doesn't send as well as it receives.
what's your favorite kanio?
i voted ice, but i would have voted all of the above if that was an option! very cool!
just realized the same people that say "race doesn't exist" are quick to say "muslim isn't a race!" when islamaphobia is called racism.
and don't see the irony in it.
agreed it's just 3 years running sony has pulled this shit think ps gamers deserve better just my opinion bro
could move quantum break and killer instinct to holiday too
facts that nigga too nice. you heard cudi and ye beefing
it's all publicity
breaking: n.y., n.j. bombings suspect ahmad rahami in custody after being shot
can not trust a man who's beard does not include a mustache.
he been puttin on for li
facts bro he a problem!
ya corny but thanks
better late than never
obama just gave a press conference and it's on the msnbc.
understood - i am @ presser &amp; just cautioning our readers that it's not an official photo.
trump wats to build in moscow so he praises putin. read this.
signees of the "call for trump transparency" inc paul wolfowitz, robert kagan, philip zelikow, 3 former gw bush admin staffers.
you can't take new app features as an indicator they aren't working on community; the people dedicated to these tasks are different
ugh i can't believe twitter renamed faves to likes instead of fixing their community. every task ever takes equal effort bc i said so
here's a senior year pic of alleged bomber ahmad rahami from ehs in nj. i went to high school with him.
so, who do you like better, him or my friend ?
terrorist attacks . obama in town . dude chilling on the fdr drive in his tent . only in nyc .
once again somebody from a certain part of the world tried to kill us. wake up america!
give me derwin and vonta and stanford samuels next year. they got that fire
yeah vonta should be playing right now.
you see, watermelon is the melon (obviously) and pumpkin (king of the gourds) is the gourd.
but, with this newfound knowledge, we are now able to place watermelon as the gourd. unfortunately, pumpkin can't be the melon.
. speaks out ahead of his sit down w/ at 19:00. read:
brand new tune star
suspect in this weekends nyc/nj bombings is an afghanistan immigrant. keep your eye shut vote hillary .. or wake up and vote trump.
nooo? shut up!!!!! u mean i bomber isnt an italian catholic?? nooo way! i cant believe this!
she's literally only ever said nice things. why? bc she is a nice person. with a big heart.
who is crapping all over her ??? it's all in fun all jokes .... you people have to lighten up !!!
insists trump is less dangerous than clinton - and attacks bernie sanders as a dc insider
seems 2 3rd party candidates r both extremely 3rd-rate. johnson doesn't know where aleppo is &amp; stein is flaky 2 say the least.
muack thank you for everything!!!
you are most welcome....
i get it, thanks! and do i publish it on twitter? i didn't understand that part (enligh isn't my native language haha)
twitter or youtube, just make sure you use and so that we can find it
change ur borough!!!!
even if i could i wouldn't. if everyone switched boroughs because shit was scary well that's no good
she and her friend are already plotting out this chocolate shop. you know, if the writer/teacher/vet thing doesn't work out.
although, i'm sure writer/teacher/vet are all attainable as well. but chocolate...
vaccine not yet proven to prevent cancer. virus, maybe. cancer, no.
correct. that's why it would be the first step
nice little birthday haul...
happy birthday!:)
happening now: minister speaking on the panel on devt &amp; security at
in nigeria, our people are our greatest assets not the oil or solid minerals -
i get sarcasm. joe disagree with others at table &amp; defended dt that he didn't threaten hrc abt taking ss guns
and then, then... he said he was wrong.
breaking: ny/nj bombing suspect ahmad rahami is in custody after shooting at police officer in linden, nj -
as we expected - he's an idiot.
nah i'm not with it , they got a put me to sleep lol
lmaoo nah idk if they gon do all lat. maybe they might to you cuss you getting three.
no there isn't... also blame the spineless dems who voted for the iraq war...
the ultra far left are just as bad as the ultra far right. abstract ideology is an ego stroke.
life has become stale
you were sf yesterday lol
your bio on says your the author of but it has an invalid ssl cert...
it was acquired by apress recently. new link is
windows 10 is fine, i may go back to pre-anniversary update is all
that anniversary update &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
so weird that obama isn't mentioning a fact we all know -- that the suspect is in custody. makes him seem badly informed or not forthcoming.
it might not be time yet for obama to signal the other sleeper cells. patience.
little kids always wanna see you dunk lmao
im old and i like to see it cuz im mad i cant do it smh
omg omg omg
we should hang out!
if my flight returned mid-air to departure airport, i should get some miles for the flight - - agree?
what??!!! that's insane
not a very exciting offer for an extremely exciting ($) fight.
...should atleast be doubled
we will have to close the office weds hotfoot it to at swiss cottage open 4 hrs only
100% worth it imho
and a virgo posted this. makes perfect sense .
i know right &lt;3
and don't see the irony in it.
cognitive dissonance is one hell of a drug.
wait, is this what happened?: 1) bomb left in luggage 2) thieves empty worthless-looking contents into metal trash can, take luggage 3) lol?
hey, luggage is expensive these days lol
i figured out the dilemma that lady gaga is facing in her career: it's gonna be hard for anything she puts out to not be underwhelming.
initially, she was on all the time with the songs, the "lofty" interviews, and the exhausting costumes 24/7. she burned herself out.
listening to a podcast and i guess i'll have to be the one to say it - is a funny young man
which podcast?
this lady calls my tattoo ugly and creepy meanwhile she wants to get a mickey mouse tattoo on her wrist. okay lady whatever you say.
thats fucking gay of her
bombing suspect now says he was just disposing of his samsung phones. pleads not guilty. via
said it first for the record
i keep apply for new york, i had one interview and did not get the job, i would love a another shot at it.
please don't give up! we have jobs listed all the time, and you can sign up for alerts on our site too.
so were going to dig more then 60 years into the past to not talk about current events... yea...
you wanted a bombing example... but cool rant about the massacre at zion emmanuel ame church in charleston, s.c.
that said, off duty cops can hold signboards outside the stadium, but how is refusing service any difft than davis at courthouse?
well off-duty, okay. but cop unions are like "we demand your footballers do [thing]" ...then stop paying the cops.
&amp; , is this true
that area is probably chelsea but it's close to the border of other neighborhoods. it's arguable.
when you just need a friend to be there for you
hey i is here if u ever need anything bb
amazing show by
oh dead mow five? i love that guy!
a loaf of bread?! why is that? :p
it's a big white ford e150 so when it's barreling down the freeway that's what i think of
but, with this newfound knowledge, we are now able to place watermelon as the gourd. unfortunately, pumpkin can't be the melon.
furthermore, it is now completely acceptable to bring sliced watermelon to halloween parties so it can join its gourd brethren.
the mets aren't going to let tebow stand in lindsay or another big prospects way.
i'm saying that if they don't i don't care about the signing. if they do, this becomes a whole other issue
i complained on the radio about metal credit cards. this seems to have pleased the plastic lobby.
this is further proof that we are living in veep.
to be fair, labor union spending also dwarfs gun lobby spending
how is that remotely fair? there are almost 15 million workers represented by unions. how large are gun/opioid industries?
express cloud service, has following issue: "exadata smart scan is not supported in this initial release."
is it really exadata then?
hc at ecac hockey media day
oh snap! you're here too! come hang out with me and !
q4 coming now! what advise would you give to newcomers in princeton?
celebrate language differences while learning esl with us.
.: "as we take away more of their territory, it exposes isil as the failed cause that it is."
theyve failed so much they continue to recruit violent dumb ppl from all over to cause death &amp; destruction in their name
glasgow. had to stop for a spot of tea.
crumpets as well?
obviously, you'd like to have more cbs at your disposal on game day. but forcing mills into some action can only help in the long run.
young players learn nothing on the bench and if the team doesn't have established vets, throw the rookies in the fire.
you are going to have to peddle that elsewhere, i'm busy. if there was validity to that 17 mo old article, we would know it
so, we do know it's valid. and here's proof bahrain got access:
monday morning thoughts.. i wish my body fat would just fall off on its own, and turn into money. i need to go outside.
lol you're hilarious. you're every bit as lovely as your mom &amp; that's saying a lot!
initially, she was on all the time with the songs, the "lofty" interviews, and the exhausting costumes 24/7. she burned herself out.
she went through like a two-decade-long's worth of transformation in about five years. she can't go back to that because it was too much.
oh no, really? well if i'd known you were going to be so insightful i wouldn't have muted you
what's the best place to hide in ireland from the coming apocalypse?
ahmad khan rahami is called by allah to kill nonbelievers. this is terrorism.this is islam. liberals, don't get it.
i am pretty sure liberals get it, but they think they can control it. or, that they will be eaten last.
happy birthday bro i know you gone be lit already
i might slide thru with a bottle of that bubbly thank you tho brodie
what we know about bombing suspect ahmad rahami
he's a mooslim. that's all you need to know
. its not just about making a purchase anymore its about the shopping experience
if that were the case, the luxury area would be growing. today's consumers see value in
keep the beard for the finale
think i am going with my g t
traffic is ridiculous. wtf.
please keep your vehicle rolling. thanks for the help.
we grown as hell. why we stay reverting back to middle school behavior? getcha fuck on + let others do the same.
i know some of us don't feel the same way about that + that's cool but don't try to play me for that bcus i will plot on your nigga.
like once a month &amp; yeah don't flat iron it either. i just kept my hair braided &amp; when i did take it , i just did bantu nots
yeah that's why i don't get weave bc i don't wanna flat iron my hair
isn't this where you got it? also, i saw another cat keyboard in action in georgia!
i knew it! max needs three jobs just to make a meager cat keyboard living.
kerry left halfway through jazz and now i have no plan of action to start a conversation with boy next to me
drop ur pen on his dick by accident and be like hhhaha sorry i'm always dropping my pens my name is emily can i grab that -
rt to win: morphe 35f 'fall into frost' palette (must be following me so i can dm winner)
i want it omg
calls off war games with . fallout.
this all feels really good.... not so much...
literally nobody affiliated with penn state's defense past or present is healthy
cam wake is technically healthy at this rare moment in time, not that that's proving to be much help for the dolphins.
yes! media doesn't even count millions of latins!!!!
pollsters ignore ablot of communities. we shouldn't be complacent, but no need for panic.
strategically placed to cause somewhat minimal damage, trump "knew" about it before media?
placed in construction zones in nyc...its just interesting timing for trumps whole message.
look i see you digging through a pile of poop but i'm not interested, kid - really? you respect me i'll respect you. good day
the only pile of poop is coming from you. i'm sorry you can't handle evidence showing you're wrong and the cf is corrupt..:)
she went through like a two-decade-long's worth of transformation in about five years. she can't go back to that because it was too much.
she's gonna have a tough time living up "bad romance" or "poker face." she gave us 200% and so if she gave us 150, it would still be less.
happy birthday bro enjoy ya shit ya smelly ass
good looking bro appreciate you bitch
he will be found quickly. hopefully law enforcement is safe while taking him in or down.
done. 2 cops wounded, but we don't play in ny area. this is the job cops can &amp; should do: anti-terrror not anti-us citizens
ahmad khan rahami...worst terrorist in the world.
really? worse than timothy mcveigh??
got7 &lt;flight log : turbulence&gt; photos #
look at that highlight
where did you see this at? o.o this is the first time i'm seeing this info
. ah, ok, found it:
is the slide and following convo in the dms a pre-date? is there a post-date wrap-up where we talk stats &amp; predictions?
nah sending the dm is the prelude to a pre-date
it's not so much that, he's an idiot. the phones he used for incendiary devices weren't even burners. he isn't very good at this
lone wolf, no?
really? the sugars are all the same? who would have thought it!
you science guys could just @ me all day long and i would love it
iphone 7 owners -- don't be a brandon (brandon is my friend)
&lt;gob quote&gt;
with so much ba "enhancements" recently, i had to rub my eyes in disbelief of an actual major improvement
i'm sure will find a way to screw it up. extra heavy handed screeners for example
brother you about 18 in that avi?
23 you just notice my avi
got7 &lt;flight log : turbulence&gt; photos #
slaaay look at them eyebrows
you can. but i'm not as stupid and dishonest as you are. i can't help noticing patterns. don't blame me.
patterns? that's what you call twitter, fox and breaibart? lol.
in the year of our lord 2016, can i finally donate my husband's old boombox?
irritatingly the government still sends recordings to us on cassette, i have to buy players on ebay for my office.
duval is their advisor
without visa ....a man who is doing terror in pakistan
look i see you digging through a pile of poop but i'm not interested, kid - really? you respect me i'll respect you. good day
you said there was no evidence the clinton foundation is corrupt; i gave it. so dry your tears and have a good day...:)
put the blame on other people... we'll see this again if the dems fail to win back the senate &amp;
nah, blame is always on the voter, blessing and the curse of democracy is we get leaders we choose
or he just didn't want to say the terrorist's name.
what about transparency? reminds me of the admin version of the cause of benghazi ....video?
why is manchester traffic so shiteeeee atm
my opinion is please keep your vehicle moving or ready to move. thanks.
it is time for citizens to stay alert and help find this deplorable. see something say something. ahmad khan rahami.
this guy is not a deplorable he is friendly according to hillary, like mateens father. prob hiding at hrc event
suspect in new york, n.j., bombings nabbed; he's ahmad khan rahami, 28
a muslim? inconceivable! i am constantly told islam is a religion of peace. he must have been framed.
so is the guy they caught the suspect for all of the bombings i've heard about this weekend? nj shore as well?
allegedly chelsea bombings and nj were tied.
we don't need trump ! they are doing a very good job . how many american died under bush ? 3,000 in wtc alone.
tell that to 29 people pulling schrapnel out of their asses &amp; the nine slashed in mn!you are a certifiable dumbass!
update: ahmad rahami was captured after shooting a lindon police officer, rahami was shot &amp; is in hospital nltd.
how's he officer who was shot
i had a dream that i woke up and kolby had deleted every single tweet on this account and spammed it with memes... -a
i wouldn't even be mad tbh
i respectfully disagree. would call it more of an untended prejudice. racism is used to carelessly these days. just my opinion
definitely unintended, agreed, but prejudice based on race seems like racism to me. thanks for helping keep convo civil btw
i'm not bragging but when i gave any of my exes head.. they had no problem getting hard.
knowing what you can do with just a tweet, i don't doubt it.
a new survey finds half of all the guns in the united states are owned by just three percent of american adults.
and they don't care that 33,000/yr are killed by guns. as long as they feel safe. curse of supreme court ruling haunts america.
i think they had said they won a bunch of mlgs or something lol, just can't remember who they were.
according to many players winning games on a gb ladder is the same as winning pro circuit events
that's good:)
metal on bro
were those who were injured in chelsea injured as a result of radical muslim brainwashing? almost certainly yes!
it's a result of not receiving a proper grounded education. the same reason there is criminal activity in the first place.
boyyy you better be!
taylor better stop playing games tho
for 2 years i've felt obliged to suppress this thought but i can't any longer: i prefer the size of the iphone 5
remember how great the 3g and 3gs felt to hold as well? like holding a perfectly weighted polished stone
somehow, someway, far left wing twitter found me. this is the worst week ever.
i love when radical politics twitter misses the point
i'm in math and my ear started bleeding
i also didn't do any of my homework and i forgot my clothes of pe
how about playing within the system your coaches ask you to and not making it all about you? why the "experts" are actually clueless
any word on chk? big blocks @ 7.06. heavy vol. thx
looks like the suspect wanted in the ny/nj bombings has been captured. good job, law enforcement. shootout ensued.
count on the stupidity of criminals/terrorists- says flip phone on unexploded pressure cooker bomb held many phone numbers.
lone wolf, no?
even so, fbi/law enforcement was on it, you know?
: first look at man believed to be connected with ny and nj bombings. he has been taken into custody.
not enough sucking chest wound.
breaking-allah strikes again: nypd seek afghan-born us citizen, ahmad khan rahami, in ny/nj terror attacks
they didn't name him a suspect
be safe there please
thanks nikki we moved our hotel out of chelsea and are staying at the same hotels as the clintons. so yes, we're very safe lol
if your team would have shown out, it wouldn't be an issue
i also left tons of loophole space in the original wording in the deal bc im the devil.
get ur shit together
just paid up fool. it's all good
hallelujah is one of the most beautiful songs ever written. good choice, (but the original jeff buckley version is everything)!
absolutely!
very true plus inside was exclusive for a while
yeah they are all the same. axiom, firewatch, witness all to xbox now. aaa is what's looked at mostly imo
and as a viewer, i have an equal right to express my opinion, which andy respects.
if he was mocking hillary would you be ... (i think so)
omg no!!! if someone loves ice cream but hates consuming animal products then let them eat dairyless ice cream!!!
dairyless icecream is fakr it is not real i willnot stand for this
i am so impressed with the u.s. officials with how fast they've sorted out the explosions, identified and took into custody the suspect!
new yorkers and nypd are amazing. we take this stuff seriously without panicking.
sources tell - ahmad rahami was taken into custody in linden, nj following an altercation with police.
rahami seems way too low level to if he is still within 15 miles of the crime scene 24 hours after said crime.
i'm glad we're on the same page here, friend.
this was my take on wentz back in may too hmmmmmmmm
.. wait, what's this abt?, i want in
we're partnering w/ &amp; to teach students about positive !
debris in roadway: us 50 west at mp 34.3 (bay bridge) lane 3 west 1 of 1 westbound traffic lanes unknown. 2 of 4...
crashes are caused by bad expectations. please have your group .
happy sunday evening, alissa by way of chi, absolutely calling the 5280 home! looks like you are, too
we should certainly find a time to get together!
there was no tampering. it was people who had a negative opinion. none of which was actually used
heres what i came up with b4 coffee.
i want to learn how to make candles
like old-school fat candles or wax candles?
i agree we need to have evidence, but we both know the gov't knew it was a terrorist attack a full day before they admitted it.
we knew pretty much everything within 36 hours. seems quick to me.
if you were to build a global, profitable, sustainable company, what would you try to accomplish the first week?
set the foundation for a great company culture so that i could do great things in week 2.
our co-founder will talk about on tonight from about 7:45pm. tune in here:
cool- i'll be at your hq tonight in nyc for @ and others! can't wait.
after about 17000 images the machine seems to have reached an existential novelty crisis. that or i messed up.
or maybe it achieved burnout, ?
oh, wow. midnight's children was a life-changing read for me.
that was my favorite!
rip grandma j always supported me and loved me, you will be missed but you're in a better place now
the og will be missed
he never praised putin, i agree. he wants to stay allies with russia and not go to war with them.
again, shocks me that everything is upside down with the right now. appeasement? cannot believe
she's gonna have a tough time living up "bad romance" or "poker face." she gave us 200% and so if she gave us 150, it would still be less.
gaga tried to be avant garde as a pop star but had no coherent narrative whatsoever. she jumped shark.
the buried lede of your kcrw show this week was that you signed up for the chase sapphire reserve card.
actually it's the jpm ritz carlton rewards card. three free nights signup bonus!
the kissy face my nigga but i'm gone be here
whoah that was on a accident its right next to my fist my nigga
there is zero evidence to substantiate this claim by trump. it's made up:
and he sounds like a fifth-grader who has just learned the word "profile" and is eager to use it as much as possible
i'd like to lay down w someone all day
but we know that's not a thing that happens
where do you go? i go to susie's next door to caf isabella sometimes.
omg i her. went to nob spring.
i'm sure the people who were injured in chelsea &amp; st. cloud aren't surprised at all.
i was in chelsea yesterday. a truck is more likely to harm me. t word is for authoritarians.
from the demo, it should get 94+ but i know some assbucket will give it a 6.
true some dickhead reviewer
to the best co-anchor paks news has ever seen, happy birthday deek come back soon
the best 2 episode season of my life. thanks eeek!
gaga tried to be avant garde as a pop star but had no coherent narrative whatsoever. she jumped shark.
and i'll be the one to say that i think fka twigs is who gaga wanted to be. but fka ain't mainstream. you gotta choose.
yes &amp; i blame the 200,000 idiot democrats who voted for bush...
bush was a very centrist rep, who's record in tx didn't predict the nightmare that would come.
correct me if i'm wrong here but we seem to have gotten some guy who blew up a dumpster a bit over 24 hours after incident w minimal loss
the system works unlike what wants us to believe. let's see what bs he says next!
i wish we were tg in the gloomy rainy weather
me too baby. first thing i thought of when i woke up.
all gotta do is get a venti iced white mocha and you'll show up
lol. okay. that's pretty true. this wasn't @ you either but i'll take it.
maybe (just maybe!) we should all be listening to you.
well it may have been my only good wentz take so maybe i am also an idiot.
new column - spoke the truth about and
i hope fox doesn't let this clown get away with this shit.
how long you out here for today ?
i'm here today/tomorrow. so i'll be here tonight.
president obama: "they will never beat us...we will never give into fear"
these are his people, who the hell does he think he is kidding?
trump supporters just opened an office in the occupied west bank. oh, and it's inside an illegal settlement.
all this for a guy who said "the only people i want counting my money are short guys with yarmulkes."
being handcuffed in a gutter of new jersey in the rain after starting a fire is literally the plot of every bruce springsteen song.
take that back
ahhhhhhhh that sounds amazing. please take lots of pictures of everything you eat.
i'm also gonna take some cooking classes
what would be your three credentials?
professor eli lewis. telepath. avenger. power bottom.
. vs. ? who had the edge? did j-no travel? details: (via )
whoever won the football game had the edge. dallas.
there are still nine days left until
tonight it starts tonight. hurray
happy birthday your room is in safe hands
it's already cleaner than when i had it lol. thanks man!
i know some of us don't feel the same way about that + that's cool but don't try to play me for that bcus i will plot on your nigga.
sometimes we don't even mean to make shit complicated - 1 time, i got swindled into being possessive - i was like
amazing trump ad=&gt; "the difference tv ad" starring dorothy woods, widow of ty woods
talk about brainwashing ya think, scary man
drop ur pen on his dick by accident and be like hhhaha sorry i'm always dropping my pens my name is emily can i grab that -
i went with silently mouthing thanks while giving him his pen back before i promptly put my headphones in and walked out the door
i'm on this show. i talk fast, find clues, &amp; shoot people in the elbow. i've also directed 10 super spooky episodes
miami criminal minds or csi minds.
is that the sarcastic part? i saw early version of show &amp; no apology then. must have said after went 2 work.
his words were, "there are people who i respect who disagree, so i must be wrong."
president obama: "they will never beat us...we will never give into fear"
obama built this !!!
we only scheduled the soccer game, playing everything else by ear
sounds awesome - i am jealous. please eat a lot of paella.
same yt coworker made a remark about my hair again and still asking if i have extensions in or not
it's raining. it's monday. the subways are fucked up. don't. ask. me. again. about. my. hair.
ouch. mom goin 4 consult on implants. she got gingivitis &amp; bone loss. :(
owie! good luck to all dental patients!! humom teeth also iffy.
my dad was born in poland. do you know how many people ever asked me whether or not i was born in america? nobody ever asked me that.
no one has ever said my last name correctly in my life, if it wasn't for my ny accent, i would be asked about my origins
there are 650k refugees in . crucial to harness , boost businesses growth &amp; create jobs
enter a new form of labor; further oppression of we the people.
i hope fox doesn't let this clown get away with this shit.
i am sure cnn or msnbc can use a leftist hack like him.
ahmad khan rahami, man suspected in bombings in new york and new jersey, is in custody
congrats to ny/nj and all others helping to get this degenerate in record time!!
how much of the rest is e.g., animal feed, and how much pure waste?
about half and half
13yr old boy born in afghanistan, not vetted by the bush administration now 28 yrs old, plants bombs blames obama/clinton
amazing isn't it
we were both right, 49ers were closer to competitive than most would think, but too much against them to cover that spread.
very true - i'm still not impressed by car at all - 10 days &amp; at home vs our weak o on short rest - not impressed tbh
yeah just let hoes know not to cut your shits to much .. either riah but she in school or sable.
me &amp; that girl don't fw each other i heard sable good
we're all idiots, take your wins and keep on moving.
put this on my grave
why do women say they want their old nigga to act right but when they're making an attempt to act right, y'all curve/dead their attempt?
nobody will answer this tho lol
ahmad rahami is believed to be in custody in linden after altercation w police, according to le sources briefed
shots were fired. at least one officer was shot. it appears rahami was injured as he was being taken into custody
our awardee brought moroccan educators to chicago to meet with their counterparts.
mabrook, all!!
trynna get my hands on this supreme drop
is it a good one?
send them bangaz beats for sremm life crew, djjonwells.com *no snippets*
just sent you some! some r&amp;b type ones in here too
ah thank you for informing me! i was unaware!! will remove promptly
just found out like last month and i was mortified! in all my rage, have used it a lot
what a wonderful way to start my fucking morning
i spilt coffee all over myself as i was leaving the house
happy bday young truey
good lookin j money bags appreciate it
the more the merrier, mallika
"there's always money in the banana stand" but its "theres always room in the despair pile"
exactly. we stood back and let the professionals work.
exactly. unfortunately we have experience in this going back for decades.
always live up to your standards ~ by lowering them, if necessary. ~mignon mclaughlin, the second neurotic's notebook, 1966
(cont) essentially if ur standards are too high lower them. sometimes u have to proceed in a stepwise manner to reach ur goal
white people are solely responsible for every bad thing that has happened in this world.
white people killed jesus
why does it only apply to an unsecured laptop ? so if my workstation is unsecured, that's ok ? i don't think so
good point, mark. of course you're right. it's crucial to keep company data secure- whether it be on a laptop or anywhere else.
there was no tampering. it was people who had a negative opinion. none of which was actually used
and just a ps. try doing some independent research, the msm kool-aid must be making you dizzy.
my iphone 7 only charged up to 87% in 8 hours wtf
mine also charges super slow. good news is that the battery certainly lasts longer than my 6s. :/
these sony dudes will believe anything lol i mean seriously, these dudes are smoking crack.
sony has to be careeful. they let vita turn to shit. if psvr fails &amp; they quickly move beyond pro to ps5 theyre brand is shit
cnn shows chelsea bombing suspect going to hospital after shootout with linden, nj police
he should ge the death penalty by firing squad
amazing work by all the law enforcement agencies in the tri-state area. god bless all of u.
gold bless them all. amazing work.
it's raining. it's monday. the subways are fucked up. don't. ask. me. again. about. my. hair.
but i go in the way i want to then i'll be an angry black woman, right?
and i'll be the one to say that i think fka twigs is who gaga wanted to be. but fka ain't mainstream. you gotta choose.
rihanna and katy perry know their lanes and that's why we don't tire of them. they aren't claiming to be the next artemisia gentileschi.
very true - i'm still not impressed by car at all - 10 days &amp; at home vs our weak o on short rest - not impressed tbh
a better team woulda hung 60 on us - &amp; if gabbert were actually functionable we'd have been closer - 2 late picks killed score
this blind dog has his own guide dog
so precious! just love them and their friendship!
learn tolerance donald. could help you...but he's not going to. wins.
. knows how to lead. only knows hate!
read hillary clinton's remarks on new york and new jersey bombings
we're at war. in war you get casualties. invented "a" bomb to prevent repeat of 60 mm dead in ww ii. it worked, but this is trade off.
there literally isn't 1 bball person who has been more accurate about lin than me. 100% right the entire time.
wow. 100%. i'm honored to know you.
intentional but not terrorism, right de blasio?
isn't an intentional act as such called terrorism? wow! what a dunce he is!
the tragic shooting of a schizophrenic man, reported with great clarity and empathy by
thanks boss :)
president obama: "they will never beat us...we will never give into fear"
does anyone really know what is talking about? this is the guy that likes to draw red lines on the sand dunes in the middle east
happy birthday cutie! have a good day imy
thank you bby!! imy too
i have an extra ticket to on friday in bk at kings theater. anyone interested? you can see me cry like a baby.
fuuuuuck i wish i wasnt working late on friday
ahmad khan rahami, man suspected in bombings in new york and new jersey, is in custody
congrats and thank you to ny/nj police depts. and all others who helped to get this degenerate in record time!!
listened to the podcast about lock. if you use bluetooth stays on and the lock works fine.
please let us know if you need any additional assistance, we're here to help!
, is trying to be funny. he means that the terrorist can't even do his job properly. (thank god though)
the racists rt'ing and the dumb asses responding make it look pretty bad...
but no. 1 in our hearts
i mean obviously.
i wish was making type c cables...i still have friggin microusb's from 2009 that still are used almost daily. ( )
this. or lightning cables.
ah yes, a group of teens of various ethnicities were spotted eating frozen yogurt 2gethr. racism is over folks
a black man just got shot 4 approaching the police abt his broken down car but we r ~so~ united here in the united states of america amirite
phone game pokemon go distracts driver, pedestrians
if you don't make eye contact, you may make body and pavement contact.
thank you
you're welcome
niggas cheat we get caught cuz we stupid sometimes. females cheat they don't get caught unless they want to get caught.
what does it have to do with being woke . just bcs u being stupid , it doesn't justify u cheating on. woman who loves u
new york friendssss
what is the price of the tickets???
i'm sorry you feel that way darling. didn't mean to yuck your yum.
welp! \_()_/
love them bigly. bose cans usually suck but i decided to try these after reading all true.
do you know that these bose will pair w/ both your phone &amp; computer &amp; you can listen on your computer &amp; take a call on your phone?
.: investigation is moving rapidly and i'll leave it to the fbi to provide details.
right after i give them the details
happy bday to a bitch name true
thank you ya fat ass head
on friday i said something was retarded &amp; a girl said "don't say that word." of course i said it right after. it reminded me of long island.
who did you say it too
you driving without your glasses?
no fam, i swear i'm wearing them. i'm just hella distracted but idk why. i just gotta make it to school lol
"....an album by mac..."
a beautiful story by mac
i get it but bro that song is so bad. he talked about money and jewels than put in a couple jabs. trash response
i thought the only thing trash was having 2 other rappers on there. again, basketball is the expertise here lol not diss tracks
you should really come to palo alto before you play your tiny little violin from tokyo. this is a family mompop resto
stay in tokyo. the food is much better there than pa.
from the cross island track to te rua manga on rarotonga.
awesome are you there now?
a white police officer
my man just resisted arrest after committing a crime i don't see a problem
saints o&gt;bengals o cowboys o&gt;bills o which defense hasn't allowed 20 points yet? oh yeah, the giants. faced better offenses...
oh pls. 2 games. my god
so a major party nominee just called her opponent treasonous.
he claims to have a secret plan to defeat isis, yet doesn't share it with current potus, so sure!
does the apollo usb twin work with a mac ?
no, twin usb is exclusive to windows pc.
oh come on... the guy was an idiot... should've known that when he made those weird/quirky
i know that, i'm just telling you why some dems backed him, so-called reagan dems.
tw/why you must stop using 'fuckboy': "it's a common prison term for an inmate passed around and raped repeatedly."
i've used this term a lot in the past (unaware of its etiology). i refrain from its use evermore. please share w friends when you hear it!
not indicted because corrupt executive branch won't indict one of its own.
corrupted politics ruin nations
it was very obvious hrc was a horrible candidate. many dems decided criticizing her was out of bounds. here we are
just. go. away.
f/w undercover x supreme collection . there's like 2 good pieces.
i think the zip up hoodie and reversible bomber look good
hate liberals? bite me.
first, , then , then , then gone &amp; , !
making waves
wow coming in hot lol
france just became the first country to ban plastic cups, cutlery, and plates via
of course it's france. i think it has less to do with environmentalism and more to do with cuisine.
thinking of holiday gifts? give experiences, not clutter. by
l like cooking classes, right?
i was there when i heard them detonate the shit
i'm not saying the explosions and shit
texas youth football team gets death threats for kneeling during the national anthem
. black kids quietly &amp; respectfully protesting other blacks being killed are getting death threats? what is wrong w/us?
this is the most adorable thing ever
love it! dogs rule!
nope, regular crime isn't an ideology, this is.
the best medicine is preventive medicine. through a proper education one deferenciates between right and wrong.
update: ahmad khan rahami - captured in linden, nj. we will continue to monitor the developments
**ty** dear chief 4 update &amp; all u do 2 keep us safe:-) best, rr
i genuinely don't know how i got out of this car accident with minor injury and an undamaged car. hydroplaned and smashed into at 40 mph.
i'm alive, i'm breathing, the girl who smashed into me has a destroyed front of her car and i'm going to get my neck checked out
it was a rt of something in japanese; maybe japanese whiskey?
oh, it's a shochu seller. they were advertising for grandparents day.
here's why says "the clinton campaign has a really good beef against the media..."
most of us totally agree. media rammed this con artist buffoon daily to no end even while he degraded them!
producers send me some bangers to collabpackbeats.com
just sent some your way!
death threats from libs
you mean death threats. the other part is just editorial opinion.
i'm alive, i'm breathing, the girl who smashed into me has a destroyed front of her car and i'm going to get my neck checked out
angel always on my side.
rihanna and katy perry know their lanes and that's why we don't tire of them. they aren't claiming to be the next artemisia gentileschi.
i think gaga is hella talented of course but she has a very special problem on her hands and idk how her team is gonna rectify it.
its official has the best lamb chops in the world.
i'm coming to berlin tmrw! how long are you there?
awesome-- but where's the other two kids? we never see the 5 of them together -- must be working
finn tweeted that he's finishing it and noah is in school in ny. i bet these 3 are home schooled.
new: ahmad rahami, wanted in connection with ny, nj bombings, taken into custody:
so who is the man in that checkered shirt that seemed concerned and went in to the ambulance with him??
lol i believe this
bruh this happened the whole season.
hiding in plain sight !! 28 yrs old and this is how he wanted to live his life !! piece of garbage !!
uh oh who are you taking about carla?
need a ride to work asap
when u go in
it's the 26th anniversary of my co-hosts bull &amp; jeff meet the awesome
did you get your shine box for him ?
rosches were not made for the rain. i've learned this the hard way.
damn that's embarrassing, *rosches*
only young niggas gon complain about this, grown men will see nothing wrong
your the real mvp my new wife
can you then play the videos in pocket back-to-back on your laptop?
ah - you're looking for something more like a playlist? no, i don't think so. i just click through in sequence.
shout out to all the nypd/nj cops and the fbi. that was quick work. gonna have to do better than that to fuck with this city.
no way tebow had nothing to do with the capture.
talk like a pirate day is a manufactured holiday created by big pirate.
or sesame street, brought to you by the letter r
no i have a 6s and i need to be able to send and receive short code texts
same thing happened to me and it's in their system that hey have to uncheck a box that allows for short texts
i am getting reoccurring (repeating) invitations to events i rsvped for (mail app, os x sierra, google apps)
hey there! submit a request to our support team with this info and they'll be in touch asap:
happy birthday beauty! have a great day
thanks pretty girl i appreciate it
why you so salty pretty boy, u just gettin ur panties in a bunch cuz i got facts hoe
lmaooo chill .. nigga calling me pretty boy and shit
will kill trump in debates. can't wait for bumbledorf idiot to be exposed
i think trump knows she's gonna kick his ass. he'll opt out of debate
i have trouble buying a kit. several required fields are not displayed
hey there! submit a request to our support team with this info and they'll be in touch asap:
damn that's embarrassing, *rosches*
oops, guess i should go to college longer
major accident on i-10 w still delaying traffic 21m more than usual
crashes are caused by bad expectations. please
september is passive aggressive awareness month. if you don't rt this i'll know you don't care.
it's like you tweeted this just to hurt me.
this would be really helpful, many times it's not a 911 call but help is needed
also, i have called 911 (when someone was running down the street assaulting people) and they don't really respond
yw go chicago bears (?) lol
good luck tonight beth
i'm a strong advocate for sex before the first date. like literally right before
go ahead and get the get to the point so you can focus on other things like "do i actually like him as a person?"
elegance of prose plotting that builds excitement ends w/ redemption
you describe the books i love to read and hope to write!
islamabad high court rejected petition of doctor shahid masood against ban on his appearance on ary tv..he will be off air another 10 days
noon leak gundas won't be waving axes and dandas on national tv if we had rule of law and independent courts. blood hungry ns.
ahmad khan rahami, suspect in ny &amp; nj bombings, seen being loaded into an ambulance
so who is the man in the checkered shirt that seemed concerned and also went into the ambulance with him?
i need this mag! gregory landsman's international magazine face secrets love ...
lyda, you definately don't need this mag. you are gorgeous!
and i couldn't afford triple-a! and if the car had to be towed and fixed, i lived on hamburger helper for a month!
fyi, i would eat hamburger helper every day of my wife allowed it
this is a real person?!?!
what in the world...
i swear oml niggas don't care out here. niggas be tryna kill eachother over chips at school
lmao you heard it here first folks
glad you had a good time. we loved having you! hopefully you'll join us again! would be a great guest too
yessssss. come drink with us!
hahahaha ! . i'd be throwing myself upon his mercy
fully with no reservations
carolina looks sluggish to me right now.
they aren't that good - keuchly is great but their d isn't den not sea &amp; cam is super banged up &amp; so is stewart
a black man just got shot 4 approaching the police abt his broken down car but we r ~so~ united here in the united states of america amirite
hey u got anything?
i know what they look like, but thanks?
they are laughing, memery 101
forever wishing you were 21
makes me so upset that i'm not man :(. it sucks.
donald trump said americans accept terrorism and our govt officials does nothing about terrorism. it's handled!
. this was some very impressive police work. well done and
imma stay at u fuck nigga u weak asf w the basic hoe filter
yoo why you so mad nigga all i did was state opinions. why you so mad
this is the best piece of writing i've ever read.
dont read much, do ya?
happy monday friends!
happy monday miss taylor
i'd follow this truck just to finish reading his tailgate! great!
great catch! i bet they get a lot of high fives and honks!
what yeah it's definitely fake but if i don't have to choose going vegan and giving up ice cream why would i
bc it's not creamy smh why would they call it ice cream if it's not creamy i'm so heated why won't theyvcall it somethjng else
: gunman who fired at police was captured near home of the man being sought in connection with nyc bombings, officials confirmed.
i wanna hear some sorry ass liberal talking bad about nypd
. is paving the way for the widespread adoption of feature-flag based software deployments (now with multivariate support)!
thanks for the support!
bed bath &amp; beyond is the ex that refuses to accept it's over.
that's why they added "beyond" to their name. it's forever.
i'm finally really listening to hamilton soundtrack. (i wanted to see the show before listening.) michael luwoye was aces.
i prefer his voice to lin manuel's singing.
what makes jill stein no better than donald trump.
i have a far leftist friend who is supporting stein, and uses demeaning language to describe the president. no longer a friend.
hi i think when it's hot again you should think of wearing white jerseys instead
almost positive they make the decision on what uniforms they wear for each game far in advance.
this gif really is the story of my life.
sadly this is a more the story of my life
onlyheatpls.com, but pls send only heat get it ! lol
thanks! just sent you over some. i promise its heat!
hmm i wonder who told you you're a carrie...i faintly remember some charlotte delusions in your recent past
i thought you meant sissy spacek carrie &amp; i was like same
a chill date like dis plssss
you might be a redneck.....
don't know what this is about but i agree !!
thank u. it's my favorite and is important i think.
helped nearby drivers by reporting a heavy traffic jam on a4 - bath rd on - drive social.
thanks for keeping your vehicle rolling. it helps.
i don't know how many times i need to say this: a like or retweet means nothing. same with instagram. p.s. i'm a thirsty ho!
that's right say something when you see me in street
saudis donate to clinton foundation for visas! hillary makes $ on immigrant and refugee programs!!! wake up america
so they2 clinton,we have 2 take refugeesstop
love her, but i once wrote the same about janelle monae. i saw bruno mars once, opening for her. he gets hooks, though.
wait, janelle monae? i'm searching that link right now. i never even thought about her in that way o.o
the upside of rising crime?
ha ha - but crime in nyc is down not up rising urban crime in 2016 is mainly chicago
she analyzed hookers paper. this is about thompson.
1. again goal of hooker's paper to validate thompson 's assertion
when is surgery?
next monday.
go to soho that's where it's at
i've been there and it's not far from my school but i don't wanna go alone ):
a ground stop is in place at due to wx / low ceilings
a ground stop for is no longer in effect
overthinking is what kills you.
you're so right. how do u get out of it? mindfulness? distractions?
: i spend mornings reading my "
thank you for the feature!
connections to router b are wired. router b records security footage from ip cams. need that to keep going during router a outage.
diy home near water source back up internet beard lowered bread standards closet prepper?
. i dont think anyone would mind .
no it's getting to a point that this islam-luvin, scumbag is just about inviting them to do it
happy birthday love me and gaeton
thank youu! give my a baby a kiss for me
q6-how can advance these efforts to be a more welcoming community?
be patient and kind to those who may feel frustrated. take time to connect them.
greys this week
can't wait for the snaps of you crying
lol yeah you ain't know?
i mind my business , so if it's not something i know straight from the source ..... lol when did this happen im lost
he injured his little foot he can't skate rn
he just needs to be left alone
nbc news: terror suspect in custody after firing at police officers in nj. more coming.
waiting for dncmedia types to chastise police for shooting this poor, misunderstood muslim.
": refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming. lots young males, poorly vetted.
u don't know what ur talking about idiot!!!
i've had it twice and each time was such a blessing but i couldn't imagine eating it all the time
where do they sell it don't tell anyone but i wanna try it also why couldn't u eat it all the time
hey man i have naps...
shit but you ain't dye ya hair blond lol
i think gaga is hella talented of course but she has a very special problem on her hands and idk how her team is gonna rectify it.
also lady gaga is only 30 years old. so this problem is pretty...bad. i ain't gonna mince words.
it's two steps back. and it really ruins the reputation of the fashion industry (in my opinion).
the fashion industry does not have a good reputation w/ diversity, race issues as it is. he just made it worse
one day i will break my addiction to pre workout... but not this day. or tomorrow.
what about the day after that
you mean exactly what hillary will do? she's earned her reputation well and good. only time will tell.
she'll continue obama success: 9 million jobs added, 5% unemployment, low energy costs, more health care insured, less crime...
here's a more detailed size chart from our manufacturer!
ty! this is exactly what i needed
happy 18th birthday ! i love you man, have a great day at school today!
thanks lean sippin' i love you
"this threat is real, but so is our resolve. americans will not cower. we will prevail." -hillary
he's in ur head!! cough cough!!
an elon poll has ross+1 in north carolina
is a presidential number also expected from this survey?
stall has the 2nd lane from the left blocked in on 5 nb at balboa ave, stop and go traffic back to 8, delay of 8 mins
do people create space to merge or just drive up &amp; stop? please .
i miss , , , , and
i love you guys
hopefully theirs enough people with brains to realize this.
i'm starting to think not...
unless you like walking around with rat's asses in your pocket. in which case, are they good luck? how does one procure them?
i mean, when i got home at the end of the day i'd probably just put it away somewhere. wouldn't carry it around everyday
yep...huge build-up; prime time special; he had am talk show. hilarious! now pol expert? uhm-yeah.
too often geraldo's political rhetoric is as overblown and empty as capone's tomb.
you're killing me today
lmao it's just one of those days, ya know?
well it's happening. i'm playing a show with my favorite band
woohoo how exciting!!!
none of it is justifiable. to have the keys is to know and understand jus cuz its wrong doesn't mean it won't happen
no bcs when a woman makes that same mistake she is considered the scum of the earth, but guys actually glorify it
we are addressing desertification in the north through our ggw programme -
: people aren't born terrorists. we need to understand the root causes.
she analyzed hookers paper. this is about thompson.
2. hooker wrote paper with thompson's guidance. paper failed to
you are a clown for protesting bad cops?
without getting into this again. short answer is yes
muslims quickly defend their violent quran instead of condemning ahmad khan rahami. this is why.
breaking news: donald trump wrote koran before art of the deal
confirmation that jane the virgin voiceover actor is heard in the new clinton ad. heh
fox news: "hillary clinton lied about being a virgin"
i might actually go to this, despite the necklace chewing.
is it at least organic?
the air conditioning is on full blast at sap center. can only mean one thing.
wooooo ice day!!!
it's two steps back. and it really ruins the reputation of the fashion industry (in my opinion).
no amount of beautiful clothing can hide his ugly now. a true shame. to think i almost modeled for mbmj -___-
hey , has been missing from our local stores for quite a while now. shortage?
not on our end. i'll contact our local distributor and see what's going on. thanks for the heads up!
what an incredible stroke of luck:
who in this world finds a pressure cooker with a phone and just takes the bag?" a law enforcement source said.
does this mean our system of combatting terror at home is working or not, ?
it's working!
jill soloway comparing trump to hitler is typical hollywood. hyperbole &amp; ad hominem. no facts. pure manipulation for the weak sheeple.
shut up!!!! dumb trump supporter!!
dick cheney says torture was 'done for medical reasons'. we can't even smoke pot for medical reasons.
oh..man o man...best ever i've read in a long time. you rock, makin' me laugh so hard at truth and irony!!
k how's this one?
fab! reminds me of the art at the dia beacon!
mom and i are so obsessed with liev schreiber
how conner gets my attention when i'm watching the emmys
sometimes we don't even mean to make shit complicated - 1 time, i got swindled into being possessive - i was like
like how we keeping things @ a minimum but you gon press me about other niggas + b shocked when i become possessive
there isnt a rap beef i could care less about than meek and the game.
the game can stick to thirst trap ass selfies and meek can stay in nicki's shadow and that's enough for me ;)
schwingggg!!!! .
but is gonna keep kicking it old-school solo style
drug is an "elegant placebo" and fda calls for retaction of primary supportive journal articles... then approves the drug anyway. wow.
i keep thinking i must be missing a key part of this story
me: (at a restaurant) okay, self. get something that will definitely settle on your stomach. me: me: me: i'll have a vanilla milkshake-
i don't suppose your stomach gets upset when you're stressed too?
after negotiating salary for two months, i got the confirmation today -- i'm officially principal of my pr firm!
big congrats on that level up
hey huntington
we miss you :) cum here now!! :)
your only legacy is being the worst president in history! a vote for hillary is a vote for the end of america!
question for : how does it feel to be the last black president of the usa?
it's too early for this
she's such a chismosa she wants to know everything
1. sophomore qb draft history is trash. 2. we know he's coming out? 3. i have no idea which of these qb's is the qb.
i like watson more anyway, but kizer is definitely good, imo
linden mayor to : rahami was found by an officer after a report of a person sleeping in a hallway of bar. officer recognized him
linden police official: suspect then fired on officer - officer's vest saved him. responding officers then shot on rahami several times.
got an 11k raise today, best monday in a long time
holy hell that's awesome!
trump takes credit for 'bomb' call: 'i should be a newscaster'
just the worst kind of presidential candidate ever. and one was barry goldwater.
disabled vehicle, right lane blocked in on sr-826 palmetto expy nb at nw 103rd st
do drivers keep open space to merge or just drive up &amp; stop? please .
u state urs ima defend mine, boy
okay i ain't got shit against you kid so stop twitter frontin like you hard and shit
you could write a parrrsaarrr?
i am planning on using a slurparrrr
25 people with bruises and abrasions, trump tweets condolences
if there had been deaths &amp; destruction, he'd have bragged first like he did w/ .
how long are you going to be recouping?
he said i will have to stay off it for at least 3 weeks.
the number of engagements and weddings this weekend has driven me back to bumble, and i'm not happy about it. so i'm tweeting about it.
same! all of my social feeds are polluted
president obama: "they will never beat us...we will never give into fear"
americans aren't all stupid, we know this piece of shit built the current terrorism going on in the united states
campaigning democrat caught saying hillary clinton "is under no illusions that you want to have sex with her"!
the trumps.......
well, to be fair there were a bunch of different immigrant groups for multiple reasons.
but "choose" is the issue. many ancestors did not "chose" to come here.
penn state is also not louisville and doesn't have lamar jackson at quarterback
i'm not saying psu is louisville. i'm saying rankings are stupid. they should wait till end of october to rank.
it's been over 3 weeks since i've gotten my brows waxed and you can still see where the strip was
mine do that too!! i'm pretty sure i'm allergic
embracing a rainy day by lighting some candles and listening to bon iver on vinyl is my idea of heaven on earth
i'm about to do the same thing
you mean exactly what hillary will do? she's earned her reputation well and good. only time will tell.
trump suggests he'll become a tyrant and ignore our laws. dismantle the greatest government in history. what could go wrong?
keep thinking that flake
call me flake or asshole one more time
how do you know each other?!
bay area reddit lol jk
hillary wasn't qualified to protect a small embassy compound what makes her think she's qualified to protect us?
i watched this news conference and they never showed hand picked media, but u could tell reading from scripted questions
lol. so you are blaming hillary voters for trump but are guilt-free yourself? you obviously loathe h and her people but ???
yes. i voted for the candidate who would have beaten trump; hillary voters didn't. and nowhere did i show that loathing .
you're a giant tool.
you should unfollow me lol
our generation is as venal and stupid as preceding ones so she's really jus full of shit.
there's an old truism in communications: the meaning of your message is how it is received.
another frustrating exchange regarding 180amp recall. look for more details later. rt if you have similar problems.
alternator should be recalled.
also lady gaga is only 30 years old. so this problem is pretty...bad. i ain't gonna mince words.
what she should've done, imo, was talked less and let her work speak for itself. remember how big of a disappointment born this way was?
statement on 's disgusting attempt to distract from isis failures
big ones,,,,
. busted by via
no surprise, they lie like hillary
happy birthday!!
made my morning thank you
she analyzed hookers paper. this is about thompson.
3. validate or confirm thompson's assertion. therefore, perseverating
so they2 clinton,we have 2 take refugeesstop
okay, it's time to kick butt.
is a gr8 place to be today. i am watching ; my friend is at the summit!
thanks marcia! by
this is a joke right meg?
nothing about domestic acts of terrorism is funny, ever
lol. so you are blaming hillary voters for trump but are guilt-free yourself? you obviously loathe h and her people but ???
you're clearly an angry little guy, though.
my new job for the foreseeable future shall be commander and shonk at shonkventures. (4/4)
well wishes and enjoy your shonkventures. there are always jobs and visiting friends/family is always good thing to do. :)
that's cause 8 was a true fresh and ain't have his feet under him yet
nah cause derwin and reggie and jalen and niggas that wanna tackle was playing.
well.... stuck in stand still traffic... and i have a class at 12. awesome.
sometimes there is no escape. do your best to keep moving or ready to move.
people love this image of a mother runnning a marathon while pumping her breasts
why she had to go through all this? for god sake just don't take part in marathan and be with ur baby!!! make ur life simple =/
can you guess what's on my live stream? here's a clue - it's a stream. to prizes tweet me the duck's colour.
what about the swan?
my professor dead just cancelled class cause it's raining
lucky bitch i dropped my phone in a puddle after class
just signed a lease for an apartment in bed-stuy. i'm moving back to brooklyn in november!
hell yesssss welcome to the neighborhood
not about being broke dumbass it's about you taking fuckin years
if u aren't in my game by 11:56 i'm putting up my proof
there is nothing like taking your boots off after a long morning of hiking. am i right?
taking your bra off after a long day. i think it might be comparable?
so we should accept injustice? interesting. guess we should accept terrorism too since only small % are terrorists
u won't see any ny athletes kneeling
she analyzed hookers paper. this is about thompson.
4. on thompson's assertion irrational
linden police official: suspect then fired on officer - officer's vest saved him. responding officers then shot on rahami several times.
linden police captain: rahami was conscious and awake when he was on the ground
everyone is telling my brother to be strong like how strong can one be when your gf gets shots in the head at a party while you're away.
wow that's so heartbreaking...prayers definitely being sent y'al way
. on : "if there's one thing that i know, there's no enemy that's unbeatable. none."
even the alt-right?
sure seems like a situation where you'd want to challenge. you're taking this big risk, and you get what appears to be a bad spot. use it.
mm's boys upstairs let him down. agree with a challenge there. then kick a fg if unsure.
i guess selling 20% of usa's uranium reserves to rus is fine. but not wanting war=deplorable.
asked and answered.
bernie sanders is in np and all these liberals acting like he still has a chance l.ol.
it's a "revolution"
so we get an alert on all our phones this morning while police already knew where this dude was planning his shootout.
pigs are [knowing] they are inciting fascism.
breaking news: fox news confirms suspect arrested in linden, nj after shootout is ahmad khan rahami.
all who follow the quran are quilty
trump tells fox &amp; friends he has "a set of things" he'll do if he deems lester holt is unfair moderating the debate:
i knew it! he really fears lester holt. guess why? super competent, cool-headed and african american
rip crossroads
crossroads would have been a dope name forever. could have played bone thugs-crossroads as a theme.
when you call out this is what happens.
she really out here comparing snapchat filters
the craziest thing i remember happening in nj was a transformer exploding near the high school...in 1992
. the big explosion on stiles street was the biggest i remebered from back in the day in .
.safe monday all!
ty deni. residents in li r concerned!
thanks! great job keeping the public informed. - please take note of how it should be done.
cal fire does a great job .
what she should've done, imo, was talked less and let her work speak for itself. remember how big of a disappointment born this way was?
when beyonc releases something, she doesn't tell you how great and legendary and iconic it's gonna be. she produces, releases, + then boom.
i quite like the narrative i stumbled upon where she-hulk is the aspirational mantle that she has to work herself back up to.
there's something to be said for, you can reliably recommend "she-hulk" books to people as light-hearted fun.
happy birthday!
thank you! omg that's my fave gif of flo it's so adorable
looooove this album especially on rainy days
reminds me of pulp fiction
hi i think when it's hot again you should think of wearing white jerseys instead
remember this? i remember hearing at the time they made the decision to wear white weeks in advance.
well that's 3 weeks we get to bug you!
haha i'm gonna go crazy... i'm gonna try and work as much as i can on crutches and the knee scooter thing.
ahmad khan rahami (yeah , big surprise) plants bombs in ny and nj, but liberals only want to to compare trump to hitler.
did you read his family was harassed for being muslim so he sued cops? i hope our general muslim hatred doesn't worsen things
lol actually i did last year, had for maybe two months. only the top part. i did it before it became a trend
lmao so you a trendsetter? you already doing big things then haha
will be *attempting* to cosplay this kawaii bae for swc, seems fitting since i wrote her vp. :p
"oh for fox sake!!" favorite line i've recorded this year
i have her 4th period shes gunna be all over sc and twitter
add me on the snap keonaahh
it feels really good guys! 2016 champs!!!
great job! being a fan, you've made my year!
where do you get that tool to open up the coconut?
it's stationed on the 10th fl by the box of beer
as much as i don't like america, i really appreciate the importance/value they place on their citizens. they already found the bomber?
let it be nigeria and it's just talk and that's it. we gotta do better.
hue &gt; zimmer so good. if they hired zim over pett then hue wouldn't be our guy rn.
hue over zimmer?
notre dame vs. syracuse on oct 1 at metlife stadium will kickoff at noon. tv is set for abc, espn or espn 2.
i'm guessing that depends on if they beat uconn and wake lol
obama is collapsing russia's economy, ever heard of the pen is mightier than the sword....
tell that to carthage.
gunna chuck my water bottle across the room at this kids head if he doesn't turn off his annoying text tone
did he turn it off yet
if u aren't in my game by 11:56 i'm putting up my proof
on the dot i'm quitting game
of course can't you figure that out yourself. do you read my post 4 ever. fuck meek..karma is the baddest bitch
so you're a drake fan? so explain ...the ghostwriters
waaaaayyyyyy too soon for me. awfully erratic for my tastes.
so. was. jameis.
my first white girl psl of the year. ptl.
english please
no, they didn't. get your facts straight
please show me. they claimed responsibility for the mall stabbings but not nyc/nj.
wanted: ahmad khan rahami, 28, connected to the chelsea explosion. call with info; 911 if you see him.
subject in custody!!!
after patchi leaves
lmao how u know she leaving?
hi i think when it's hot again you should think of wearing white jerseys instead
those weren't the afl jerseys either. those were the road jerseys, and we wore them at home. i was pissed... lol
and love the chemistry between kovacs and stromwall
great problem to have in these two, prob a for a year... they both looked like they belonged, lets see preseason
always and forever
i love you so much
i want to go back to first grade when getting a good grade on homework equaled a gold fish. mr travertiny, sorta miss you, comprendes?
the good ol' days.
we're literally the only bffs who never see each other we gotta cut out school &amp; work so we can hang out lmao
omg you're so right . what is life ?! like really lmao . but seriously we just need to take a break and just hang out
shame on you. if trump is elected &amp; appoints supreme court justices we will live under canon law ....
i don't vote for turds.of either party. what will u be doing with hillary in the wh = fighting tpp, fracking, wars, wall st.
more than 800 mistakenly granted via
this is outrageous!
what beautiful memories i leave &amp; with. already in mi working on phd, hope to be back soon
maria is smoking hot!
send good vibes! struggling a little today
i love you and you can and will make it!!!!
so who was the first to do the record scratch/freeze frame/yep that's me joke w/ rahami on the stretcher?
i actually haven't seen this yet. you might have been the first to think of it.
i quite like the narrative i stumbled upon where she-hulk is the aspirational mantle that she has to work herself back up to.
i think the character has rarely shared her cousin's tone or themes, so i am on board with title representing shift
at a minimum, this takes one of trump's only/best surrogates off air for a bit, i imagine
it's about time! whose's next?
hi julie - i'm over in cork ireland. i've listened to many of your waves - sorry to hear you've stopped being there
yeah i've missed it as well. just fell off it. big commitment time wise
i have a seat reserved for you for my dinner premiere. please come try my new and improved culinary concoctions
i will fly you in no prob. you can do rolex instaphotos in coach right? please come. it will be amazing.
there are bugs falling from the sky in my office and i don't think i've ever been more creeped out in my life
except that time snake got loose
linden police captain: rahami was conscious and awake when he was on the ground
linden mayor: 3 officers were taken to hospital. 1 shot in vest, 1 for bullet fragments to the head, 1 transported for the "traumatic event"
there is no "un designated terrorist state",only entities.us designates "state sponsors of terror"(iran,syria,sudan)
pakistan the harvard of terrorism should be on the top.
sadly it's the anniversary of my sister jackie's death, not, , her birth (oct. 4). i miss her every day.
jackie called my morning show twice to plug new novels &amp; she was so nice. made me very sad when she passed.
we love archery! so much in fact, we have teamed up with santa cruz archery to provide free adaptive archery...
is there an age limit?
suspect 'ahmed khan rahami' in new york bombing arrested after explosion that injured 29
y don't we congrat ny &amp; nj pd for a fantastic job in getting this creep instead of using as political bash
where's my best friend leslie
she left once miley stopped being miley :(
this is me searching for grad school funding
mother of dog, that's accurate.
will they fight topless or even nude? sounds like an early xmas present!
i won't shoot nude but certainly topless is an option
one step ahead of you
love it. ap so bittersweet
planning to watch tonight on ? check out our interview with fish mooney herself ! bgn
awesome. tell her ive been a fan since different world. jada rocks.
the obama administration made a deal with iran to flood the mkt. with cheap oil, to collapse russia econ.
wrongity wrong mcwrongface.
today's menu: praise ra, listen to calibre on the beach, eat barbecued fish &amp; veg, play some rockers dub 7"s at ambra night, rave til sun up
it was lovely to finally meet you! x
it wasn't criticism, i'm just saying that wider community would benefit from hearing more abt jewish cross-pollination.
amen! heal the world!
the gpu got quite hot during the classification, maybe that's it.
that's usually when my existential crises rear their head,
maybe isis not taking credit because this guy is a total loser as a terrorist.
considering their current situation against us forces...'loser' seems fairly apt for isis.
i quite like the narrative i stumbled upon where she-hulk is the aspirational mantle that she has to work herself back up to.
also, it certainly seems to be emphasizing her book and her character as not just a spin-off, which i like.
tebow just airmailed one from 45 feet. over the throwing partner and fence. not sure i've seen that before on this field.
smart throw, no int.
anyone else have a power outage in san francisco?
power is out in lower pac height + pac heights now
hopes dashed
that's my specialty!
perhaps the world's most incompetent terrorist?
the shoe bomber was also pretty bad at terrorism
orange league, his pikachu beat drakes ditto and dragonite.
i dont remember him ever being the champion... guess this means i never finished the orange league then xd
looking forward to giving this (intentionally provocative) talk on friday.
take the hickory steph. i went to asu. hopefully you won't need
jameis to me is a very special dude. i'm not comparing anybody to him that hasn't done some serious winning.
that's very fair
you will never ever win a "______________ is a better city than new york" argument with me.
good luck fighting this fight
ohio is better than every other state? yes.
love oh but starting to have second thoughts on this....
a sunny flashback before we fall into autumn
beautiful picture!
federal prosecutor says knew about lane closings | ap photo
of course he did. he knows abt trump's 5 year birther thing, too. but, he still lies abt that.
can the raiders decide what color to wear on home games?
yes, i believe so. they just have to tell the nfl in advance so judging based on weather would be hard.
next monday, i told you to text me!!
i don't even have your number stop playing lol. message it to me
some guy tried to say sj doesn't shoot from the crease and that's why they have "always" been slow i wanted to drown him. how do you even??
how do you graciously exit a convo with someone who clearly has no idea what they're talking about w/o incinerating them?
.: "as we take away more of their territory, it exposes isil as the failed cause that it is."
i used to think he put these statements out to fool public i'm beginning to think he believes his own bs
donald trump's plan to defeat isis is to "do something extremely tough"
how about a colonoscopy of your brain?
i own two fold up chairs and two computer chairs.
baby boomer bastard.
i thought it was because i was on a vpn at work
i thought it was my adblock/ghostery stuff, but i just booted a browser with none of that and saw it
good luck!! you can do it!
any words of advice?
rahami, now in custody, was injured in a shootout with police. one officer was also hurt.
so, what would trump do with him? worse than waterboarding?
may this guy never see daylight again.
i'm even for something a bit more, ah, permanent. no reason to east resources with care and feeding.
the mayor of elizabeth new jersey says he is concerned for the safety of everyone after five more devices were found
duh, yeah, all of america is concerned. we have a pres who wont admit we're not safe
praying mantis i think.
we don't have those here. just giant spiders.
i'm not picking up either until i see a glimpse.
well my league is really deep i had to start cadet today in the spot that keenan vacated :/ so i'm scrounging for pickups
molly sure loves her head rubs!
yes she does! especially after sitting on eggs all night lol
it looks like the ssl certificate on your website is expired
thanks, will look into it today, it's time we move to anyway
it does, but this was more just that i got food poisoning the night before last night
what did you eat?????
clinton scrambling to find why they can't raise small $ donations. clinton panders to union bosses &amp; party leaders. people not buying it!
unfortunately, you &amp; your father, cannot see the forest for the trees.
i think he is so sexy
the man of my utter dreams
dak may allow the cowboys to be conservative with romo's rehab. like 2017 conservative. (sort of kidding)
more like jason garrett 2016 week 1 vs nyg game plan conservative (not kidding!)
yes, it is that day
all i know is they need to get this win against uconn and convincingly. they are not good.
i know but i can't cook lol
awe chica has anyone tried to teach you?
twitter = "it's what's happening." - do people actually care what happening anywhere, everywhere..all the time?
not according to the nyse...
australia hasn't had a recession for 25 years! how was this miracle achieved? ;)
we plundered your resources professor. your oligarchy let it dribble down instead of drip like the chpt11 usa
i'm so tired! can't wait to get to mexico tomorrow and just eat food, tan (burn knowing me!), drink and sleep!!
remember - don't drink non bottled water and skip the ice! have fun!
being friends w/ sometimes feels like being friends with a celeb when shes brought up while casually listening to
wow what an honor i gotta catch up!
prime suspect in nyc bombings is ahmad rahami who has obviously...
you know what's weird? when white men bomb &amp; shoot innocents in cinemas, clinics &amp; churches, we don't hate all white men.
*screams into the void*
i know, next year is already horrible
i was in florida this weeken but you never even hit my line bro now you really gottta get it. i got 60 hats going to stores.
nah bro put mine aside we need to met asap i can't sleep on that i need it
thank goodness!
highly doubt the walker acted alone tho ....
everything ok out there in jersey?
for now it appears to be ok. just a bit crazy. i grew up and went to school in linden. my mom worked across from where he worked.
look at this masterpiece.
like he has the nerve to be so fine
on nb i-405 at ne 44th st a collision is partially blocking the ramp and right lane
is it true the closer vehicles get the harder it is to merge two lanes into one lane?
dear aap supporters,b honest,did u ever expect aap legislators who took metro to swearing in to fly 1st class to finland on people's money?
can you share some proof of traveling first class, proof does not qualify arnab's ranting mind you.
how can you do a squirrel like this??? (via )
"look at your ankles"
props to jamycal hasty on being named newcomer of the week.
those dreds, tho.
we don't need trump ! they are doing a very good job . how many american died under bush ? 3,000 in wtc alone.
you sir are a complete idiot!
because it's monday
that has absolutely nothing to do with it
the type of umbrella (or lack of) says a lot of the person carrying it.
mine has a silver lining!! :)
ok so even though i've traveled by car with minimal sleep for several hours multiple times i do not recommend
u will probably have a dream that ur on lots of morphine and wake up thinking ur still on it and then ur hella confused
i quite like the narrative i stumbled upon where she-hulk is the aspirational mantle that she has to work herself back up to.
there may be a bit of oddity in making official that "she-" separates angst from fun, but seems early to judge.
i'm blocked by that guy
cousins int
are you ready for this? mets begin selling tebow no. 15 jerseys online.
take your old beltran to . i would rather russ made the $
.: "we need a better visa system. let's remember what happened on 9/11. these were not refugees."
lol what a dumb ass this is how they get in now as a refugee
special announcement: kadrolsha ona will be working in conjunction w/ prollywood productions on a historic para doc.
great news, beautiful lady !!!
when does dnc apologize to all progressives for obviously backing the wrong candidate? their candidate basically tied with trump. sad!
the dnc is clueless - ran both election with his team not counting on dnc for anything - too reliant on party hacks
yep. i'm in pacific heights.
me too, yep - we down!
yea don't worry didn't have to waste a water bottle maybe my glaring worked
proud to call you my friend
. in context of how are the letters 'bey' pronounced? ie "queen bey" "beyhive"
just like the letter b! bey excellent. bey breathtaking. beyonc.
suspect in custody. you are welcome colin kaepernick.
if only kaepernick had stood for the anthem these past two weeks, we could have caught the terrorist 3 hours sooner probably.
yes, pacific heights area
me too, yep - we down!
morning jerry. hope you are doing well dear. how is your health coming along?
morning mercedes. i had a very strange dream last night.
power is out in lower pac height + pac heights now
me too, yep - we down!
you know it to be true.
he just asked for a hair cut. vader misheard hair for head
been spending to much on things i dont need, i should be saving up for a nintendo ds :(
i was just thinking about saving for new games
looking for a solution right now. workaround in the meantime: click "..." at bottom, print, save as pdf.
yeah.. print save as a pdf is not a solution. you get a file of _images_.. no searchable text.
13-5 without brady. enough said
that's insane there are a million variables
came to school to early
totally forgot i get out early today
lol well simba is swahili for lion, so they dodged that accusation there.
my childhood is ruined! this is all kens fault
have fantasy questions after week 2? use to submit and we'll answer a few on tv later today, courtesy of .
has / offense's big day increased josh gordon's trade value? woodhead owners want to know!
you hear anything bout fire near alder springs/mendocino nf? some smoke visible from rb
is it a decent column or just hazy
i'm so confused! we must catch up!!!
haha i came back just for you!!
"like all americans, my thoughts are with those who were wounded, their families, &amp; our first responders" -hillary on this weekend's attacks
time to install cameras on every corner.intelligence update.
when beyonc releases something, she doesn't tell you how great and legendary and iconic it's gonna be. she produces, releases, + then boom.
i love gaga's music. but i would've loved her more if she would've just let her work speak for itself. *shrugs*
at a maximum, christie is in some real trouble
. i'm hoping 's position as head of trump's transition team becomes untenable, tho i bet trump will try to stonewall.
hillary's strategy in the upcoming debate needs to be to make him look like the weak, cowardly bitch he is. just dominate him.
she will go experience, steady hand, progressive. he will go bonkers.
we are the horsemen are next with a worldwide mix, fusing their indian heritage with sun ra:
what's up my dog wolf wolf
prime suspect in nyc bombings is ahmad rahami who has obviously...
i like that ny didn't jump to the haters tune and instead investigated &amp; had no problem or shame posting his name &amp; photo.
would you retweet my visit to &amp; share my message with your followers? ()
love the picture!
morning jerry. hope you are doing well dear. how is your health coming along?
i was driving down a street that had an establishment with the sign girls, girls, girls
my blog with p/e my guidelines currently tumbler, moving to wordpress soon. 5th post down. comments?
. i'll for sure check them out!! was great to meet you!
me a year ago: adorable, me 2 months ago: yes greg bird is my son, me now: istfg greg birb *fans self*
that truly escalated quickly
topless real with loser punished rules?
if you want a custom produced and get it on time, hit me up! safprods.com thanks!
is there a way to set up 2 routers on a network such that router b is still accessible to directly connected devices if router a is down?
oh i definitely failed this sat question
we have 2 more questions for everyone-q7- what motivates ur organization 2 provide this help 4 newcomers?
. we are on a mission to be inclusive and empowering. our newcomers club is robust.
that's looks so comfortable! i love using a blanket &amp; bolster too.
it is amazing! the block is just to much for me
started listening to 4-5+ years ago when i discovered her thru starkid. now she's on my local radio station!!! so proud
thanks for listening!
why doesn't candace cameron just wear a shirt that says i love trump!
so what if she suprts trump americans can't support candidates they like wo being chastised trump or hillary
minnesota police chief bravely rejects fox news invite to hate chorus on immigrants via
hahah this happens to you so often. get real jobs
staying this weekend.. because i am awesome!!!!
how was your stay?
syracuse is 7 point underdogs for entertainment purposes of course.
yeah i know but that's bc they lost to 2 good offensive juggernauts. and the line is down to 5.5 already
yeah, this is actually a totally new path for her as far as i can recall, since the first "savage" '80s series.
there was her "savage" story in disassembled---but not well-handled &amp; just an ancillary thread in avengers, really.
rt if you have been accused of "helping to elect trump" because you shared an article or criticized hrc.
they are not getting it. if they keep alienating progressives with this nonsense they will end up with what they fear.
read this article and there is zero data presented to support it. conventional wisdom + speculation
unfortunately that seems to be the new standard for
do they not make regular old lemon and raspberry ?? i can't find it anywhere
we do! email us, we'll help ya out! info[at]drinkarizona[dot]com
before i lost my voice, wept at multiple speeches, mixed multiple liquors, &amp; brought home multiple muffins.
wow!!! you look so.....wow!!!!!
awe! and they fit? that's awesome!
we had to cut a hole for her tail but they fit
cum gutters! or, scientifically, yes, the external obliques and the inguinal ligament.
thanks for this. well *i* wan't gonna be the one to tell her. ::blush::
dumb tweet of the day.
jeez, i don't think dumb covers it.
never read the responses. never read the responses. never read the responses. never read the responses. never read t
according to a member of congress, this might all be rapinoe's fault so yeah:
the terror arrest taking place while the former terror-fighting prosecutor/governor is accused of wrongdoing by prosecutors is really poetic
justice comes in all shapes and sizes
deadass 7 years a piece
smh rappers be deadass snitchin on themselves in they songs
i just wanna know why tree hasn't denied the zac dating rumor ain't nobody here for his muscle head ass
she just likes getting us dragged. he's a fuckboy anyways
ok with news sources editing out key words or phrases, based on their bias? or would you rather get facts &amp; decide yourself?
no longer writes objective news! it's on needle of ad$! kiss asses status quo as i c it!
why you have to do that
that was sooooo uncalled for
and just bring in more refugees who we have no idea who they are, so they can keep running around the country blowing up folk!
wz at 9/11 and sat night just relived the horror want health bk who brought isis to america killery clinton
yo man what's up :) how long r u around 4 - holla at me +1 917 704 300seven
a lil more than a week! i'll text u
what the fuck is a blicka
it's a philly term for faggot if i'm not mistaken
i want breakfast food but i also want tacos so....shit.
breakfast tacos are the bomb!
it's lit fam
starting from the very beginning it was lit! '16
what a loser
he looks like he just is the delivery boy! too sloppy looking to be a bomb maker.. sacrifice pawn.
us technological innovation is driven by hard-working immigrants.
innovation also comes from hard-working individuals born in the u.s.
samsung galaxy note 7 on recall
u seen how small my hands are im not worried bout the note
it's like brain olympics for me
troll trouncing might fire some synapses but my patience so thin! you could teach job a few things.
so what is the truth?
delete this rat, you're acting like a bigot.
happy 24th birthday to the beautiful monterey bay national marine sanctuary!
happy birthday!
believe it when i see it. but approve
same here, rnc said could be banned, like telling a child you could get in trouble for that
seen that nigga eat a mushroom sandwich one time
don't ever get the mushroom burger from shake shack then it's literally a giant mushroom
shhhh... nobody knows it's me.
should i delete that tweet? best of luck with the new venture, btw!
1/2 annoyed. keith &amp; i so love a good dramatic multi-season tv series. we were so into a new one then, of course, it had to get too explicit
that is so annoying. it's hard to find anything decent to watch on tv unless they're old shows.
prefer owner's praise to food, study says
they love both but as a training tool, imho, nothing competes with food.
damn i had one of the gnarliest dreams
was it like that one i had with u were i watched u die from getting eaten by naked cannibals
hate to see anyone go down. what's the official injury?
not sure. looked like strained knee...locked.
cnn edits out clinton referring to ny explosion as 'bombing'
makes me wonder. what came 1st, the liar or the truth manipulators? the media &amp; establishment are showing little respect for us.
i've been in college for at least 3 weeks and my brother is just finding out...
i'm gone every wednesday, thursday, and friday for 10 1/2 hours a day
also that it is "cruel" towards "the elderly".
thats a new one! i'd love to hear that explained further.
looked at your portfolio site and found it very interesting. great work!
hey thanks so much!! i need to update it tho, it's been 2 years haha :)
it boggles me that there are still people living in the heart of manahattan who order domino's pizza
this has always troubled me as well
matt taibbi on colin kaepernick and forcing love of the flag - rolling stone
even goodell said "their voices need to be heard". kap 5 th largest selling nfl jersey ever. money changes everything.
yo stop making grape and use that extra space for fruit punch
this is interesting. we feel you on that fp wave though.
[supergravity] *...music in the soul can be heard by the universe...* -black hole blues (m~theory)
[paint &amp; quantum memory] *...music in the soul can be heard by the universe...* -dr. loveless {www}
currently listening to strategize about how to reserve a bike in a popular class
update: it took &lt;60 seconds for the class to fill up
on the home stretch for fighting heart disease
thanks for participating in our !
don't make the inconvenience worse than it has to be, carry id to enter/exit frozen areas associated with
that is best idea.
great idea, think about how funny and how much fun you two would have
i'm considering it
exclusively for middle aged computer scientists (and allied species) 25.1! yay!
in other news, vim users can now control processes.
awe you're making me blush!!!
no man could say no to any lady looking like you, at an audition !!!
we do so well until u start ur shit lmaoo
you mind if i wild out?
i love gaga's music. but i would've loved her more if she would've just let her work speak for itself. *shrugs*
like said, fka's music matches her imagery. gaga's doesn't. and that's where she's at where she's at right now.
my when they see me unwrapping a sandwich. i think i have to share it with them.
a perfect recall!
college has barely started and im already tired, hungry, and confused af.
that was me about a month ago
is the defense trying to say the ppd are the ones that damaged the car?
i believe the inference is the dent had nothing to do with morris, it was there before this all happened--lp
i have gotten so addicted to arizona green tea it probably running through my veins.
that's loyaltea right there.
have you watched the letterman/trump interview about his products not made in us? funny &amp; point made
that was excellent
except me of course
yea!! and myself included lol
it probably won't be necessary. who would vote for them anyway, knowing their word means nothing?
there are still alot of dumbasses out there and never trumpers
it hurt my soul
he threw personals smh i thought we was above that eric
i dropped the ball on posting new pictures of my ryoko from the final tenchi movie, tenchi..
ommggg you're such a good ryoko!!! space pirate queen
lloyd kaufman reading roger's profanisaurus is my new jam ()
here is ur new scone! thanks2all who subscribed2troma now! past wkend!
schools in florida are forcing students to stand during the national athem
this is the same school that teaches creationism, abstinence and how to care for your child after you drop out.
i'm a doctor in a structurally racist society. show me failure in achievement based on merit. otherwise have a seat.
how good to you have to be to make that happen in society? how far to your privileges extend? my ret. suture scars are asking.
there's a box of donuts next to me. and it's really hard not to tear into them.
cut a hole in the side and start sneaking them to freedom
breaking news: chris christie knew about the scheme to close george washington bridge lanes, prosecutors said
i don't know if i'd call that breaking news. we knew he was lying from day 1.
i may just need to cancel amazon and order direct. showing potential two month wait!!
its changed now. it says 10-13 days so double check.
why do y'all hats feel too small for my stupid head? :(
which one is it? you can adjust most of them!
deblasio is apparently a genius by letting petty crime increase in nyc. it was thieves who cracked the bombing case!
if you see something, steal something.
openworld presidential poll
was this published last night?
hey laa - turn off fox news and think for yourself
uh-huh ok, tardy. let me help: doesn't = trump. more from a hillarist clear enough?
no difference between terrorists and him . both attacking india outside &amp; inside.
rifat commenting on tweet is the work of pussy.bastard you are a pig.
if i could have an iv of arnold palmer that'd be great.
honestly, same.
guess you already know he won't be coming on your show again
don't need him bro
donald trump on new york bombing: "i called it before the news"
donald captain obvious trump had this one? so what. my pet hamster predicts trump's gonna lose.
it seems ok i'm fine i think that video of him scanning tickets undid me but it fine
no that was a truly video i can understand why that would ruin all of our lives
update: it took &lt;60 seconds for the class to fill up
got four bikes. she ain't no amateur. time to resell on stubhub.
moments after ahmad rahami, bomb suspect, was shot in linden, nj
hi corrina, i'm with nbc news. did you take the video and would you permit nbcu to feature it on platforms/partners? thanks
currently taking place is community council meeting @ 4520 4 ave brooklyn ny. we care and want to hear your concerns
great idea.
. reacts to donald trump predicting more attacks after ny, nj bombings
wouldn't it be wonderful if am co-hosts acted like real journalists &amp; just reported news w/o bias
tried to call the mobile homeless help team for the 1st time (for that guy on sansome at sutter) &amp; it just rang &amp; rang. not even voicemail
i bet i know who you're talking about. :( sorry they didn't pick up.
hey donny it's safe to come home now.
home? nyc despise trump. why he never speaks outdoors in nyc. only in his hotel.
still does to this day
lmaoo he never changss
dumb tweet of the day.
that's what happens when a tuperware party goes wrong
remember that time when we all died
omg i hate my life
it's stupid to say "everyone is doping so why can't we dope?" rather than just not dopp at all \_()_/
i believe everyone is taking something, that is not on wada list, which is okey!!
who's ready to eat some tomorrow for ?!?
this is important
i bet the w1 chip doesnt exist and it's just marketing
please don't destroy my excuse for using beats.
clinton stresses u.s. "resolve" in terrorism fight; warns trump policies aid militant recruitment
i don't think she can stand on her own without bringing trump to the conversation. are the gullible falling for it?
coaching, don't you think? i don't expect us to beat a saban bama team but we should have beaten texas. and msu.
relying on frosh, being a mistake prone team &amp; continuing pattern of giving up big plays is endemic of poor coaching.
. is partnering with hospitals to end homelessness
parterning with financial institutions to prevent foreclosure too
wow, a completely sane photo of lloyd kaufman... *watches horizon for the four horsemen of the apocalypse*
thanks to all who subscribed to troma now! this past wkend!
nah nah nah you threw the first personal lmao
but it was like a 50/50 personal then you threw the jordan on like cmon man
i don't why people jump through fire to do it, like everything will be fine
and there's approx 86 apps w dm capabilities and some messages disappear, if someone wants to get away w something they will
leading 425 horses to water-the .
damn, this is a little past my pay grade today. i gotta stick with my 3 series.
oh i'm more curious to buy one for myself to use at home , have been using a knife or cleaver for coconuts
. ohhh my bad, we got ours direct from but i believe they are in
that would be a taxidermy possum
mmmm. all in all: i like the space!
looking forward to speaking tomorrow morning at mexico's fintech summit.
see you there!
good morning!
um, like yeahhh, that time i saw you ';)
not being afraid to ask questions is how we change the world
that and tacos ;-)
hurricane bianca nyc premiere......tonight! hurricane bianca will be released on itunes, amazon...
yasssss!!! can't wait for tonight!!! love you
what happens when fires like the burn in areas? the answer tonight on channel3.
tree mortality problem is one thing, homeless people camping in fire season in those trees is another. gets very $$$$
federal prosecutor says knew about lane closings | ap photo
of course, he did!
does this mean shake well or no shake well
shake well! the no is for artificial flavors, color or preservatives.
my co-worker said the pg&amp;e restoration page says 11:30am
yep, you can sign up for updates here
i know nba players saying quite a few will be kneeling but let's see what happens come oct 31
the knicks won't let it happen. they are playing at madison square garden
this is me when my shawty get into it with other bitches
falco punches flying everywhere
so, i missed bombings in ny and nj? i'm sure they were just workplace violence or were caused by a youtube video.
it was not terrorism, it was an islamic community bombing.
4 pm is awesome! not too early or too late
i can make it home to catch most of the prime time games
for featuring on artiste of the week, sign up.
brand new tune star
lmao cause i know let me come thru i cant be around females no more i need to be free
i'll think about it lol
when she tweets but doesn't reply?
you still love me though...
i know ph is having a moment, but the best vietnamese soup, imo, is bn b hu (spicy beef noodle soup).
this weekend, we had teishoku (japanese meal set) and it was amazing! beautiful and perfectly balanced.
11 bombs in the past 24 hrs and is nowhere to be found! what message is he sending to isis?
"good job guys"
not the same without you bro! hope you are enjoying life these days.
*slow tear trickling, devolves into frank bawling. wish i could be there but following virtually w !
shitians whats that toilet less
yes yes thats why 50% of shittistan shit in the open
time for 5 mins....it's tough work chasing those pesky wabbits
a well deserved rest!
morning jerry. hope you are doing well dear. how is your health coming along?
i patronized the place and all these girls would ask for tips. the more the tip the more they gave me their bodies.
. i am very very confused...
it's 100% ap. we're simply repurposing unused, pre-printed cans to be more environmentally conscious.
what a great way to start ur morning! happy birthday girl!
yes! with a cup of coffee! thanks girl!
suspect in custody. god bless america! we hope the officers struck by gun fire recover immediately.
god bless all of the law enforcement officers of our great country! outstanding work!
dan provost of studio neat did some thorough investigating if you want the minutiae on it:
ah! very helpful, thanks.
a new ride today for the trump traveling press
more ways for trump to charge the campaign and to make money - instead of one plane he uses 2 planes (or 3 for pence)
of course! we still sell radios among all the other cool stuff we carry! come visit us soon!
i was there yesterday buying a tiny motor and actuator. i'll be back!
1.3 million people are killed in car accidents each year.
cars are not intended to kill like guns. and we regulate car ownership. require minimum age, training to use one unlike guns
disappointed in you
sorry! haha coffee the shit lol
like said, fka's music matches her imagery. gaga's doesn't. and that's where she's at where she's at right now.
and we can get into the madonna similarities of course but madonna spaced her transformations out, didn't she? any madonna scholars in here?
this guy totally passed out at the roundtable on movements of refugees and migrants
is he okay??
donald trump's tax plan now favors the ultra-rich even more
you guys are becoming so predicable. i have feeling that not even the gullible fall for this shit anymore.
noo someone else sent me another fb thing of this too! my mom is gonna find my twitter it's quiet
u made it out the trenches
had a man tell me to remember to smile while wandering aimlessly looking for my audition. when i did he said "see. makes the world brighter"
shout out to that guy for making my entire day.
retweeted conservative review (): instead of addressing the terrorist attacks by radical islamists this...
he brushes it off like its lent on his expensive suit. ob, says no connection with all incidents. a lying po
somebody tell me what i want for lunch
the chicken and havarti sandwich from the cafe around the corner from my office. get it on dutch crunch.
talking about now at media tent w/ tune in at
thx for the time, mr. president
*slow tear trickling, devolves into frank bawling. wish i could be there but following virtually w !
although, sadly, can't virtually kick fgs in the big house with you. have fun!
great job! last question-q8 what is the best way to become part of your organization?
walk-ins are welcome at . come in and talk to the folks at our welcome desk.
please cite the source of "hit gas instead of brake." driver indicated his car did not stop with braking.. correction needed
please correct "hit gas instead of brake." driver indicated his car did not stop with braking..
credit me though
absolutely, i just dm'd you. do you have a moment to chat?
ahmad khan rahami, suspect in ny &amp; nj bombings, seen being loaded into an ambulance
cnn is negotiating with him about a reality show
at a reading and writing () workshop.
i'm excited to learn how to "transfer the burden of assessment from teachers to students."
we are slowly becoming israel
don't worry president trump will fix this...
wow at the location
lmfaooo i added it by accident
naomi osaka defeats misaki doi 6-4 6-4 in tokyo. won't be long until the 18 year is taking over as japaanese number 1 in my opinion
one problem she doesn't speak japanese. when she learns that watch out!!
after negotiating salary for two months, i got the confirmation today -- i'm officially principal of my pr firm!
2 months!? ima need allllll your tips b lol deadass
so what won out in the end? antigravity or zipline!?
neither cause i couldn't change this damn cleaning appointment lmao
it's so fun, same with making soaps too
let's have a candle and soap party
join me tonight taking calls about the violence that has been happening! call 864-373-0001
i thought you would fade into the woodwork. what to see you thumping for trump. "pastor"
as long as their lineups aren't seemingly set up to get yatabare isolated on right doing as little as possible - improvement
dont get started on him.
its my mommy birthday!!!!
happy birthday mama powell !
avast mateys and matettes! pilar wishes you a happy talk like a pirate day. now give her your ship!
lol best line of the day: "now giver her your ship!" hahaha &lt;3
scared of an old fart! no fart dude i could also abuse your gods n your family but you see i cant let meself fall to ur levl
how civilised. but our gods r concepts. urs is a mad mullah who screams god tells me you can go shit, you can fuck ur daughter etc
ok normally i abstain from exhibit hall schwag but i'm totally getting a pokeball
better catch 'em all, ryan.
love this gif on 's post.
look at our son not being phased at all :')
great speech. she's tested. she's ready. she never quits. that's why hillary should be our next . (she'll get the twitter handle, too)
hillary should be in jail
that was fun
i ain't gonna lie, girl ... as it was pretty dag nabbin' cool ';),
they're still looking for at least two other suspects.
yeah, they took several people into custody at the verazano bridge yesterday. might be a terrorist cell in the area.
they want $560 to move a bed and a couple boxes. that has to be a joke
they stole all of my liquor and showed up about 5 hours late
i know ph is having a moment, but the best vietnamese soup, imo, is bn b hu (spicy beef noodle soup).
this weekend, we had teishoku (japanese meal sets) for lunch, it was amazing! so beautiful &amp; perfectly balanced.
but i'm most looking forward to 's take
make your backend great again
bro it's a lowlife smh this is what we got to deal with in the world
this is so sad.. and scary how could someone be so cruel. you all have to stick close and pray.. this isn't right
right, and that led into her slott/bobillo "she-hulk" series that pushed her towards light/fun drama.
yeah, exactly---she had very brief savagery &amp; even briefer remorse, nothing close to what tamaki take sounds like.
.: "christie is either lying or he is so misinformed that he has no business appearing on television"
kind of mind blowing that he runs one of the states on the country when he has such a bad recollection of facts
it's amazing, isn't it? given the scotus is on the line. smh
yes, some ppl dont pay attention, they better wake up
i am the kind of woman who extolls the virtues of mayonnaise to friends and strangers. thanks for a zesty afternoon!
i loved your book &amp; hearing you speak! so glad martin wilson turned me onto your work.
obama, today (and every day) "a whackjob islamist has attacked americans, and here's what's wrong with you and how you need to change."
hey, he needs to stack the american electorate with as many democrats as possible. that's all that's going on here.
breaking news: chris christie knew about the scheme to close george washington bridge lanes, prosecutors said
islamic terrorists are blowing up this city and your trash paper talks about a bridge not hillary and her legacy. .loser paper
scared of an old fart! no fart dude i could also abuse your gods n your family but you see i cant let meself fall to ur levl
when you cannot deny the shit thats koran you suddenly become civilised and restrained is it? lol what an inbred idiot
congrats scotty can't wait to see it if it happens
it will :). please support our kickstarter! every little bit helps!
also lady gaga is only 30 years old. so this problem is pretty...bad. i ain't gonna mince words.
she could tone it alllll the way down and just give really good music.
male or female if you fuckin oc while single it doesn't matter. only problem is cheating. no judgement zone we all grown
ok but nothing u saying has anything to do with being woke . guys are sloppier than women . ok ?
y'all okay? heard what happened in nyc and nj.
yeah all good over here! thanks dude
i dont think dolan would stop his players from protesting if it wasnt in nba rule book tho.. dolan is a rebel.
ur tone deaf. the arena they are playing in is highly secured . what kind of moron would protest law enforcement
i'd recommend setting up yr website to post to fb, twitter, tumblr. then you can post event info once &amp; have it go everywhere
any recommendations on who could do that for us?
ah... cool!
"old granddad" indeed...
wow. look what's left out of the headline.
...and here's the headline itself. unreal.
retard knows what truth is alright :l
yes whole world know what shittistan is.
this is my new favorite nonsense theory right after "myrcella, joffrey and tommen are actually robert's kids"
these fans will believe anything
does benadryl give anyone else a mushy brain? and weird dreams? i feel lobotomized.
are 'bennys' back in as party favors, ?
interesting fri was vehemently trashing hrc, cuz she started the birther movement. today, the tune has changed.
is like the wind / he changes
he should immediately resign from trump transition team or be fired. no more nat. security briefings
lock him up! lock him up! lock him up!
neither cause i couldn't change this damn cleaning appointment lmao
maybe i'll do it in the next few weeks. but ziplining definitely won.
ivanka trump is now receiving secret service protection
if trump is elected muslim americans will need secret service protection.
correction needed, driver indicated the car would not stop with braking, "hit gas instead of brake" needs to be removed.
correction needed in this article. always repeats its mantra "hit gas instead of brake."
i was in my ne yo feels watching the "do you" video yesterday
uffffff. great song
people going to the city, traffics horrendous today my brother sat in the tunnel for an hour not moving.
thanks traffic man cannone
it could be monsooning and i still with not bring an umbrella
did antonella really tweet if there isn't a spelling error?
breaking news: terror suspect ahmad khan rahami is in custody after shooting officer in linden nj ny and nj
another one of obama's friends. po
yankees with 47 rings now
mario chalmers, now in his 60's, is still the best pg in the league
great monday boba
have a wonderful day luv xoxo
nah thats it. this shit following me.
is this reak tho or
breakfast pr0n pic? /cc
funny you should ask, just sat down to this!
ya wrap bull sh*t soda shaq with ya top flavors and push it to the masses foh bruh
no, we wrap unused pre-printed cans to be more environmentally conscious. don't even make soda shaq anymore, but continue..
and we are off with - behind the newsdesk...
yup! interview was interesting as well!
because usually by time they make an attempt, you mentally made a decision to move on aka it's too late.
true but they'll post a quote or post themselves saying that while simultaneously reading the dude. don't see the logic
response has to be strategic and not tactical: g parthasarathy, former pak envoy
we need to make them feel the pain. naval blockade for a starter?
any favorite or memorable places you are looking forward to seeing?
anchor bar... not exactly on campus but should be
this is my new favorite nonsense theory right after "myrcella, joffrey and tommen are actually robert's kids"
wait. i thought this was a goof. there are people who believe they're actually legitimate?
nah thats it. this shit following me.
is this real tho or
just remember christie forgave 30 million in taxes trump owed
is this documented somewhere? good to know: my wife worked for state of nj almost 20 yrs &amp; now pension won't be paid.
luckily science has come a long way in 300 years
yes, very far since the haeckel's fake drawings, piltdown man, lyles "geologic column" and the lie continues.
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
under trump new yorkers have payed more taxes because of your taxe breaks on your projects while you pay almost no taxes
i love my bed but i hate thinking of all of the catching up i need to do tomorrow :/
think about coffee
obama denies connection between bombings, minnesota stabbing
why is this guy always taking the side of our enemies first?
but obviously oda brought up law's ability for a reason. don't sell the possibility short.
nah forsure that surgery is gonna play a big role but i don't think they're gonna have luffy live forever
personal news: this was my last week as a full-time employee @ news 12 varsity ...
all the best isaac!!!
*i noticed, those who claim everything is predestined, &amp; we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the street*
confession time? here's what i got quantum cascade lasers i~open~sourced a-plot a private dic~tator now we call the shot{s}
. so if you are a drugmaker with a trial that is seriously deficient, you should definitely file.
so i come back to my conclusion that payers are going to have to make the hard decisions. not optimal
i hope i have a good day too. lol jk i hope your day is better than good.
thank you love .. make sure you do
response has to be strategic and not tactical: g parthasarathy, former pak envoy
trade sanctions? any company doing business in shittistan will have their assets taken over as compensation for the attacks?
anyone deploying to aws with docker? would you recommend that or something else? system is a mix of ruby and node services.
i've done a lot of this. first question to ask is what do you need that heroku doesn't offer?
suspected terrorist is naturalized citizen from afghanistan. tell me again how good immigration is for the us.
don't know if you're from ny area, but kudos to cops. amazing how they can avoid killing someone when they've been told to
i wonder how this bomb maker got here to begin with ?
if only half of this is true it's already so very bad !
corey lewandowski cluelessly turns bomb suspect search into immigration rant
why is s this guy still on ?
one brilliant word...wow!!!!!!
thanks we were so thrilled!
we apologize about the delays you experienced. please provide your conf # so we can look into this for you.
conf# 4950582
morning jerry. hope you are doing well dear. how is your health coming along?
i was then driving a boat in waters filled with sea serpents that said? talking sea serpents? "ignore the girls."
what is this
foh bitch
when a world leader insists they're doing "all they can" for refugees, drink.
haven't heard anyone say that yet.
breaking: suspect responsible for events in nyc and nj has been arrested. hats off to our law enforcement!
yes, when they finally admit its a terrorist, things get done
happy birthday nic!
thanks dev!
srangely hot. is that wrong?
thanks to all who subscribed to troma now! this past wkend!
with the help of red hat, no? anyway, i'll check this after j1
no matter what, today they are the no1 contributor to open source on github, think about this for a sec ;) what can oracle do?
this latest batch of "limited" inserts just aren't selling. if they have been added to medallion bundles
a limitless number of limited items shows limited imagination and a limitless disregard for your fan base.
i'm not programmed to have opinions.
all i know is my gut says maybe
is currently experiencing departure delays between 46 mins and 1 hr due to tm initiatives:swap:wx
departure delays are no longer in effect for
this lady was 1st 'senior journo' to meet modi in 7 rcr. i never forget to remind all.
yes and she was or does own the hindu the commie paper thats imho anti-national
if you're a chase cardholder tickets for knicks go on sale tomorrow at 1 pm. everyone else sept 27 at noon.
smart knick fans might want to wait to see how this remake turns out.
...touch and go but we can still be friends
can i interest you in a young, hot, lou reed instead?
quick! grab a jelly-filled!
i thought about it!
yo arizona iced tea is fugazi for this wrapping their drinks around soda shaq
if it wasn't 100% arnold palmer on the inside, call us asap. 1-800-707-5862 m-f 9am-4pm est
i'm honestly so annoyed with this ny trip
i just want to go home tbh
as long as abby is happy, then i'm happy
know what you mean! &lt;3
pandora, what have you done
oh the hints lmao
enter code hamilton16 in the promotions tab + request hamilton now for the chance to win tickets to tonight's show. good luck!
is dark tonight. how are you giving away tickets for a show that doesn't exist?
as the struggling filmmaker in need of backing i certainly second that ;)
it would take a truckload of cash to lure me back to physical production.
this is one of my favorite questions
is this self-reported or a judgement call by the surveyor?
4-2 i had streaks and heatwave
literally lagging rn only reason ur even competing
good question - i don't know enough about your site - hosting/cms, etc, to know. who built it?
it's just wordpress. but none of us know how to use it. we need a person!
kristen welker is the worst person 2 cover hrc. this andrea mitchell clone never says anything positive. what-ever hrc does its not enough.
is horrible. trying to make a name for herself, but is doing it the pathetic way. she is the spawn of andrea.
i hate term "patient engagement". no one is more engaged, involved than the patient. i want researcher, clinician, industry engagement
i think the secret is to all engage on the same page. i think all are engaged but on different things.
open world, blocked streets
my only problem is they open the streets back up afterwards...
i think as we get closer to election day, there will be a huge surge for ...and
if you replace her head with then i would vote for her!
ahmad khan rahami, suspect in ny &amp; nj bombings, seen being loaded into an ambulance
that was fast ! this guy is obviously not so pro but still great job!
why is this guy always taking the side of our enemies first?
why is he, along with all democrats &amp; the media hacks controlled by the left, so afraid of hurting their feelings? they kill us.
what can explain the laws of physics? and what can explain that? and that? and that? and so on.
is this and an agent, or mechanism question?
how a spurned rams fan used data to pick a new team:
just curious. where did my rank? not sure i want to know but i want to know.
how are all your writing projects going? keep me posted! want to see a play
i'd love to. how about "in a sea of faces" this weekend? we're shooting my web series in october &amp; i'm writing a new play.
lmao its like that you gotta think about it we family
it's not even like that lol i dead need my own space
we need to talk about your taste in scarves.. c
such adorableness!
if you support trump you support racism and bigotry that's "so what"! he has made it clear who he is! wise up!
dictating to othrs who2 like, support &amp; vote 4 makes u ???? last i checked women won right vote wo restriction
64 is low for that. did a monday morning 757 dtw-&gt;sfo once where only 20ish pax weren't on the upgrade list.
yikes. wonder if these stats get shared anywhere?
yeah, it isn't considered "doping" unless the substance made the list
it might be legal doping because it's not on the list?no?
rip 6 weeks ... missing iw beta probs.. ima just cut it off before
stop sending dick pics omg....
unless it's a muslim teen - who brings what looks like a brief-case bomb to school. those we honor and adore.
obama does not keep anyone safe. hes not capable of that
5 mins to inv me back
i beat u on this map before
my face says it all. hi denzel washington. be sure to follow to see the full interview!
ahhhhhhhhhh you never tel me when awesomeness is in the building!!!
5 mins to inv me back
you wanna act stupid and lose your $5?
"trump's remarks accusing her &amp; president obama of [having helped create isis] have been widely reported in egypt."
but clinton is meeting si si. not trump.
but ...... i beat you when we was at the ..... oh ok
you're lying and besides i was wearing slide and we weren't even playing forreal you know it
yo i'm suing you fuckers this is gross
hey jojo, we responded to your post on facebook with what to do. please call us asap. 1-800-707-5862 m-f 9am-4pm est
maybe in debates he will be compelled to answer how???
i really don't believe that will every happen/ with any president .
"believe me this is the most gorgeous 737 400 ever."
ha. how did you know it's a 400??
going to florida wednesday byeeeee
uhmmmm so much for sunday funday
so for it is morally good enough to make a coalition with but is not? cos he sells his vote?
morals?that's not going to save us now is it?since when has politics been about morals,principles&amp;honor.
your tweet alludes that you believe obama signed the constitution/has power to eliminate anti-torture amendment
that is your claim not mine...let's not get into it..he has helped perpetuate american deaths. .done..your pal.
linden, nj mayor says suspect ahmad khan rahami started shooting indiscriminately
and now we give him medical treatment after he tries to kill nj officers!
right after the gym, should i: * take a shower and then a nap * take a nap and then a shower being unemployed is hard!
* take a dump then shower
isn't it time for india to push for international sanctions against pak? watch debate
yes we must start by declaring that ships cannot sail to shittistan. anyone trading with them will pay for the damage
deep linking from safari on ios into an app almost always makes me end up deleting the app.
this just caused me to delete instagram from my phone.
endorses . cc:
. explains why she primarily scams men.
i've done a lot of this. first question to ask is what do you need that heroku doesn't offer?
wait a minute, don't you work at heroku? was this a trick question?
definitely. as long as he was playing way off the los it wouldn't change much rt : yes
for some reason my mind telling me derwin instinct would have took over and he going to the ball.
obama blames everything for hillary's sinking polls but her! she's the problem barry!
thpical demlib, blame, no accountability
smartphone alert: new yorkers' phones buzz as police hunt suspect
i hope they taking him to the vet.
requested my mom lmaoo
what can she really say about my account tho?
how does she tone herself down and still command the same amount of attention? is good music enough at this point?
it depends on what you want. if she still wants 200 % stardom she gonna have to keep pushing it 200 %.
and we can get into the madonna similarities of course but madonna spaced her transformations out, didn't she? any madonna scholars in here?
in any case, i'm looking forward to gaga's album. i'm gonna be paying close attention to her image, interviews, all that.
hopefully law enforcement gets them all.
fingers crossed. the city is in a bit of a panic right now, with the trains and transit systems all on high alert.
all i see is everyone trying to be cool by being the same.
the joke is on them though, because cool is being true to who you are, not who they think they are.
sorta surprised i hadn't noticed this yet but the taptic home button is basically unnoticeable when the phone is on a solid, flat, surface.
drastically different from when holding the phone. whatever magic they're doing in trackpads it doesn't translate well to the phone.
. is my hero!
thanks, greg! thanks all who subscribed2troma now! this past wkend!
last thing i remember i was in a bar in venice , now i wake up to the sunrise .. i love life
the picture that jessy took of you on snap is fucking comedy !
cm punk should have won an emmy tonight for his role of pretending to be a ufc fighter
you're still talking about this subject?
this live-fire training exercise--designed to observe and study fire behavior and how it travels through a...
please the mistake in this article corrected. "hit gas instead of brake" is not driver's statement!!
seems that every time we "jump to conclusions" and assume that a terrorist attack was committed by muslims, we are proven correct. strange.
you know what's also strange? when white men bomb or shoot innocents in a cinema, clinic, church we don't hate all white men.
isn't it time for india to push for international sanctions against pak? watch debate
we must follow it with a few telling examples. make a law to that effect that will stand before international fora
yesterday with elizabeth warren in new jersey:
. what should we do about a law that doesn't require a label? and strips states rights?
a lot of nostalgia helping my parents move into a new house and finding a lot of my old things....
some damn good times on those games.
trying. long few days!
your a hard working woman. you need much needed rest
to the nice folks filling up my inbox: having a negative view of hillary clinton's book does not necessarily make one a trump supporter.
if hill doesnt win then who will be president - not johnson or stein - at some point its a binary real choice
it depends on what you want. if she still wants 200 % stardom she gonna have to keep pushing it 200 %.
if what she wants is to keep making a living off music, that's different
i still feel sad about it. i dont know when i will tweet him again.
i'm thinking that may have just been his way of warning!
i wonder what will happen to the millions of drivers when their industry is assimilated by automatons.
it's such a real thing that will happen soon and our economy is not prepared at all
ok so their was a possible bomb threat in secaucus nj with a suspicious car deemed safe though car had wires hanging thank goodness
i can walk to secaucus it's insane these last over 48 hours has been nuts
5 mins to inv me back
quiet now
or self-hosted?
idk what "self-hosted" means, but yeah we have a wordpress and a tumblr
cal student asks "what is the key to hosting a talk show?" sense of humor!
how about a thick skin to deflect criticism?
art ripping account, uploads video "rt and fav this for me" gets thousands of hits "source? " " fuck you go find them yourself "
this is why i just block those on sight now
u goin to webster tn to see ?
naaaa i wish i could
what should we do for this weeks ?? tweet me!
will u be watching big brother ott?
i've seen tons of good reviews from the x2s, which on amazon are $100 less if you don't mind them in white.
i've tried and reviewed both. i prefer the x2's. here's my freedom review:
that bright light is actually a spa locker where they are cleaned and neatly folded for her reverse twirl
yeah!! superman left his in the booth. (unavailable these days)
i need to speak to somebody urgently about an issue with one of our vox numbers. how do i contact uk help desk? thanks
hi lauren, someone will be getting in touch with you shortly.
i'm late to class and asked alice to forage my signature on the sign in sheet and she spelled my name wrong
forage means gathering things in the wild did u mean forge
my god dude. your guy lost. get over it.
my god dude, the dnc rigged the primary for hillary. and you guys crying about us not voting for hillary need to get over it.
terrorists thrive when politicians are corrupt. and christie is corrupt.
is clean??? grow up..enough said!
from now on whenever i successfully complete any aspect of my job i will be demanding a thank you from colin kaepernick.
hell yeah. just finished a workout, 3 loads of laundry, and a light housecleaning. you're welcome, .
awesome pizza tonight!!!! and sandwiches for kids lunch tommorrow! thanks anthony and team.
thanks i hope the kids enjoy lunch
. explains why she primarily scams men.
. also says she's voting for 8 times.
that's going in my folder marked "private"...
thanks to all who subscribed to troma now! this past wkend!
our new world, thanks to owned globalist-politicians, currently obama, hillary &amp; ryan!
and don't forget to thank the stupid liberals who voted these people into office...no common sense liberal!
the black eyed peas - ft. the world via
of the bomb of new york
morning jerry. hope you are doing well dear. how is your health coming along?
well, i met some female adult entertainers outside their employment. they had all been beaten and/or betrayed?
i think you can't come to terms with the idea of bad cops existing.
it's generalizing . but i'n done w the topic
peskin didn't make a peep when millennium tower was okd via
bay bridge, transportation center, america's cup, super bowl and on and i with liberal leadership fail
i would also add the ability to not freak out and calmly solve problems.
and humor at 3 am when the world is on fire :)
i think you needs something called a vpn xx
nice one!!! hopefully they will be on chanel 4 demand
cir-el for today's drawing
i'm sad you're almost to the end lol
the bomber !!
oh my god i know! he is nothing but a coward and worthless. he has nothing else to do but hurt the innocence. he's garbage
still, duty-free, eh?
and aplenty !
this chick thinking kfc actually meant "worst" as in "most horrific" is some next level dumb shit.
nothing makes me hotter than being called dumb please let me suck your cock
i hope your brought back chocolate from euro
i ain't bring shit back
pantherland will be open from 3-8pm today and 5-8pm tuesday-friday, by the way.
anyway people can order merchandise from pantherland if they don't live in florida and could stuff be shipped out of state
geneology + everyone unfairly judged lannisters
it was actually ned who sent the catspaw to kill bran - my newest thread
vote as if it matters
misrepresentation of johnson's environmental stance among other things. you're clearly just a shill for hrc.
it's all about money. when i worked in the state capital of new york, walgreens did not accept the state employees health plan...
i need to get a job and get myself onto grown-up insurance.
i don't recall this
fr who's hand is that
ms question; i seem to be having hot flashes. i have been waking up because i am hot, my skin feels warm then too, anyone else have this?
,i have done this 4 , 17 years at points it's embarrassing
award winner purse stolen when she was onstage!
is anyone crying about it? i wonder if it was a deplorable or hillary voter? i guess he can't wait for redistribution.
from those of us who rarely or never get to go to a con, thanks fo everyone who tweets, vids and shares their stories.
exactly..thank you so much..
can we really blame ahmad khan rahami for his actions? he lives in a country that legitimises islamophobia and endorses hate.
. didn't take long for people to blame everyone except the bomber.
octograb and pinning shot
yes this is what happened
and hill wants to bring in 100'&amp;1000's more? she needs to be punished at the voting booth
you have one last chance to vote and persuade others if you can! hiliary is wily old and wounded and will fight to the death!
if they ever get the more walkable soma streets done we will have a really nice area there
fill the row on every other block w/ 5 story apartments or public space and make the rest 2 way..
he writes a lot for the atlantic, his election commentary is on point
yeah he's pretty wonderful
been thinking about the ft-5 i had against and i have to say i'm really mad at myself for taking so long to adapt to things
i was coming at you pretty straightforward too, the one thing i thought i did right was give k a fight with joe.
happy from the mockler bassets &amp; their parents, too!
same to you guys! lovely family!
the only way we can stop them from using our laws against us is deny them entry entirely.
agree, our govt wants them here. need to elect trump or this will continue
elizabeth- your film is shocking, stunning, and more engaging than most things i've seen this year. keep up the great work!
thank you !!!
i saw some people nominating delpo, after he beat murray at the davis cup tie.
for comeback player of the year?
anyone know how the iphone 7 speakers work? my theory, bass + mids out the top &amp; treble + mids out the bottom.
bottom left speaker grill isn't for a speaker, i know. still only uses the bottom right one.
. from someone who was hospitalized twice for suicide plans and spending hundreds a month on meds and therapy: go fuck yourself
i'm gonna go ahead and second this as a former member of the mental health care system. go headbutt the curb homie
i was coming at you pretty straightforward too, the one thing i thought i did right was give k a fight with joe.
everything else was trash on my part.
now if only that were really the case!!! i would have all the superhero and villain roles!!
i'm not one to question other people's manhood; but i stand by my statement !!!
yes! let's meet! how long are you here? when are you free? kisses to my
kisses back, love. miss you! so happy will meet you and !
lol for real, my love for lugia is more than ho-oh
this movie to this day tugs at my nostalgic and emotional heartstrings..wow i'm being deep.
hey! what stories/news would you like me to cover and/or give my opinion on?
you gotta see this:
hi cassie i work for nbc do you have any photos or videos from there?
i didn't take any video/photos but police were waving us away from an area outside of the terminal
seriously? wow... i heard about soulcycle classes being amazing - but didn't realize it's that amazing :p
apparently this was for a class with a so-called "celeb instructor"
.men of twitter how do you approach a beautiful woman you're interested in getting to know?
i'm not a guy but my favorite is "you look mad familiar where do i know you from?"
when the gang rocks them new threads
when the gang made dope plans you wanna be there for but you can't make it.
i think the term "legal doping" should be defined more or in that case everyone is doping legally
which most are? no?
i wanna have 2 kids live in la and play soccer... nomas
same but not the 2 kids lmao
we're also very very lucky that the attackers tried to use explosives rather than guns.
both are illegal, yet you are more afraid of the less lethal one. that speaks to your ignorance and indoctrination.
if only someone would open up a poll and show you the factors that could change the outcome. these folks just did:
wait. according to trump "i own florida". may be not.
why is it so hard to tell people that you think they're pretty swell?
are you emotionally invested in their response? practice on people where that's less true but still nonzero invested, yo
it's by &lt;3
thanks for sharing! have an amazing trip.
taking a walk on the wild side.
he is so gorgeous!
lmao yea u can't be nobody homie havin them outhere like that
i'm saying lol, they gonna start thinking they valid and cop all the color ways
what be happenin', matey?
hey look &amp; even remembered it's for shame guys!!
google trips is finally official: pretty nifty, though i wish it could also provide reliable flight status alerts.
have to believe now cards and alerts will be there ... my guess anyway.
nyt: federal prosecutors say chris christie knew about bridge lane closings in real time.
i thought we all already knew this..?
haha not about shaming anyone, just curious about people's perception and interpretation of it, i've seen it often
ha. well look they may actually need that stuff so why not help and pay it forward.
thank you for this wonderful write-up and for your help on thursday at !!!
we were excited to be a part of it looking forward to thursday !
coworkers picked perfect themes for my bday decor: &amp; mirrors to look at myself.
your coworkers get you on a deep level. shallow level?
maybe file a bug to change how they're printed?
the printing isn't the problem. if you do a[a.reversed().index{ ... }!.base] and its non-nil it can still crash w/ out of bounds
so, authorities shoot suspect now off to the hospital to get the best care in the world, then the best lawyer in the world! only in america!
my bet is that he sues the cop and the agency, and wins a settlement.
typical. that's what she does
i love the green screen fake background!! she rolled out of bed and had the makeup team there
now if only that were really the case!!! i would have all the superhero and villain roles!!
better not retweet that last one !!!
all my dates end here
glad this is pinned
its atrocious how hatred for one person (modiji) makes one betray its motherland &amp; rejoice killing !
this jaichand whore is sleeping with strike from back.that is not how men fight.every time pakistantriedbet
how should i know? but it looks interesting and like it feels good.
i didn't expect you to. i jyst wanted you to see the weird pic.
still think it was a mistake for them to let norman walk.
i would agree he got their system very well
you know hillary is in trouble when she steals 's idea of vetting immigrants. don't trust her at all. ahmad khan rahami
she wants them here, so now we're supposed to believe she doesn't?
it's too early for me to be this sick to my stomach
oh my fuck what the fuck is wrong with people and gosh parents like this is why racism is still alive
this "the people that blow us up will stop if we don't say mean things about them" idea is really...really somethin' else.
you're right. nothing says beacon of democracy more than religious and racial generalizations about millions of people...
"legally accurate", yeah, you don't want to be sued by a terrorist for slander.
slander is irrelevant as we didn't even know who did it at the time. i have no problem calling a terrorist a terrorist.
another terrorist from edison what's new
gotta get trump to do some work in your town bro
lmfao "this". new fav. can't wait to see u baeeee
things i'm here for
just got a call from a male stripper, thank you riverside
have fun out there!
arizona lawmaker reaches plea agreement in food stamp case:
she needed to put down the spoon years ago.
hi cassie i work for nbc do you have any photos or videos from there?
cars parked in front were being instructed to promptly move. the area was completely taped off and cop cars blocking entrance
now playing - sitya loss... &amp;
new tune star
if you're a real polling nerd, scroll down to the bottom and read methods/sample demog.
more transparency than usual, this is great. but one thing i really want to know: what was the non-response rate? how many calls
2/2 i'm now thinking and getting good coaches. nice!
this is awesome. have i bugged you for an itunes review yet? so important for us!
another frustrating exchange regarding 180amp recall. look for more details later. rt if you have similar problems.
travel colleagues pay attention across all platforms
when i saw an ad for jobr it looked like a white man's hand and the jobs were more like high paying jobs
sorry that it seems that way! we actually have around 5 job ad varients and run them with multiple races + m/f.
i miss you too! classes start tomorrow and i'm bugging :']
you will kill it and will be famous and i will get to go on your private jet.
people calling millions of racists racist.
if the shoe fits!!
six months is long enough, senators. it's time to and give judge garland a hearing.
obama, you have not done your job the last 7 years. stop being hypocritical.
franch politicions insane like all the rest ! we are all doomed if this goes on why do they bend towards muslims it's crazy !
follow the money
last night babe came over knowing i had class this morning and was like "u want some molly" like usually no especially not now??? tf
haha seriously
tell me something good about your life. something good that you've experienced in the past month.
making youtube videos, mayhaps
monday workout done straight off the plane! 30mins of hiit treadmill training and 25mins of weight training! what's next for ?
nice job! was in the gym bright eyed 4 a 8:30 am spin class!! inquiring minds wanna know what's next 4
according to he says is not a coward,his a bigger name in boxing fine,to be a g8er name in boxing fight the best!
flyd dosnt understand that, moreover flyd dosnt want him 2 fight g so he wouldnt be the only one not 2 fight the best
yes last night i was saying he didnt mute anybody.devious
i got on at work and was like wtf happened!
democrat: jill stein has a show on russia today and is friends with putin me: actually, she's a chiropractor and will heal you with crystals
she went to harvard medical school. they don't have a chiropractic program. she is not a chiropractor.
who knew there was decent-ish numbers in badly paraphrased butler. theory lads are stealing a living imho
theory fads in the streets, theory lads in the sheets.
there have been 4 end zone interceptions thrown thru the 1st 2 weeks of the season. kirk cousins has thrown half of them.
yes but he got his big paycheck first. giants just drooling waiting for his ass
want nerlens noel, fresh off training in new england, to duplicate biyombo via
forget waldo, where's nerlens (and will he remain a sixer?)
average dick isn't bad dick. i'd say the only trash part is not being able to throw it back because it slips out. other than that, it's bool
too early? sorry.
i adore everything this woman writes. can't wait to see this book!
big stack front and center when you walk in the door. come see it!
we have a close race among hispanic voters in traditionally gop, cuban areas around miami.
that's positive news for clinton?
cal newport | deep work (episode 515) - the art of charm via
thanks for the share lil! how'd you discover aoc?
wow! this is an awesome summary of deadly ! thanks for sharing!
ongoing sudden unintended acceleration is costing lives..
morning jerry. hope you are doing well dear. how is your health coming along?
i may be the only man that loves the demand and the supply? i see no logic in disrespecting the hand that feeds me
bomb suspect ahmad rahami's family claimed anti-muslim harassment
are you trying to find an excuse for this coward to hurt americans? anyone related &amp; defending the idiot should lose citizenship
handy little booklet: "pillar of fire, pillar of truth: the catholic church and god's plan for you"
i love listening to your show. it's refreshing to hear a true catholic perspective. what's up w/ local "catholic" high schools
haha i messaged you what i was trying to tag you in
omfg. thanks lol. what song is that?
remember that time michelle obama used bill clinton's cheating to say hillary shouldn't be president? i do.
obamas and clintons have reconciled -how many marriages/ households has trump/drumpf had????
currently listening to strategize about how to reserve a bike in a popular class
what a rush
who eats takis at 3 m
reminded me of this !
i'm actively searching! do you have any recommendations?
where do you live, i can help find you a good one.
i wonder if there will be instagram picture rants?
probably one or two
that's great except ajayi sucks.
yea, there's that lol. but still...
yes! you did! :) i wrote a review about my fav eps. and my lessons learned. keep up the awesome!
haha awesome. you rock man. when you coming out to bootcamp brother?
i've recently read briggs land and and i can highly recommend it
thanks for this, this is great!
i'm sorry for any delay! some orders require further processing and verification. ^crystal
ok, but am i supposed to plan my day around your store? makes me not want to buy anything from your website again
. good, bad &amp; ugly good landon donovan harrison/shelton for nycfc jozy altidore bad keegan rosenberry orlando ugly john stertzer
ugliest: the redbulls late game defense.
hillary clinton now says "we need tough vetting for immigrants" wait, what? trying to ride trumps coat tail?
shes insane, psychotic
they've yet to be reliable in terms of timely alerts for me. i keep hoping they'll get there one day, though...
mine are decent but certainly not (yet) at the speed of tripit pro
how did she rig the additional 3 million votes?
= changing registrations + media announcing false winners + fraud (exit polls v. results) + alienating independents + dnc bias
this makes me think that oil companies killed jfk
the bank families of the bis killed everyone. &amp; they're still undetected today damnit!!!
when i saw an ad for jobr it looked like a white man's hand and the jobs were more like high paying jobs
sorry but we actually have around 5 job ad variants and run them with multiple races + m/f. don't target ads by race.
i'm mad.. i woke up, and she ate all the cereal!!! bad mommy!!
the permanent teeth are there! beautiful!
what kind of food ?
breakfast ma made eggs pancakes and bacon
happy birthday glee!
thank you er
moment of silence for all thinking people during this election cycle.
yes, electing hillary is important-and one reason, so hopefully someone more progressive and transformative can come after her.
ha - twitter thinks i live in a much better neighborhood than i actually do
startup idea: upgraded neighborhood in location enabled tweets as a service
trump seems to realize clinton/dems/pundits have cranked their noise machine to 11 for so long that fewer folks take their outrage seriously
diminishing returns on monotonous "crooked hillary vs. unfit donald trump" narrative.
do you have any advice for finding a good one? i'm noticing my stress is starting to manifest in my back.
i can help you find the right one, where do you live?
my phone off the molly
hey u lighter thief
count on the stupidity of criminals/terrorists- says flip phone on unexploded pressure cooker bomb held many phone numbers.
elsewhere in nj-leaving aside for a sec welcome capture of the suspected bomber see(also welcome)bad news today for gwb trial.
trumps chemicals the science of what makes a woman fall in love ?
thanks dal! have we spoken before?
yes, electing hillary is important-and one reason, so hopefully someone more progressive and transformative can come after her.
so much talk about how trump uses fear as a tactic, and yes-that tactic is also used to silence our needed criticality of the dems.
i love the book i'm writing so much i want to send it some sheepish texts asking if it's open to doing some weird role play with me.
i feel that way about your twitter and fb updates. hilarious.
there's a speaker at the top too now.
i'll be getting mine in an hour and i'll form an opinion then
did trump's 'birtherism' stunt cause a 'snapping' in the news media, or just a blip? (by )
would you give it up he was brilliant. trump only 2016
i constantly have this problem smh
always a pundit, never a bride.
heh - i've been doing the exact same thing! a gradient of about 0.1*loss seems to be a good goal - does that sound right to you?
i've no intuition on that, usually rely on cross val. primary aim was really explanatory. worth exploring with math analysis.
what's so funny
i was laughing bc one of them is a nigga but i see now everyone has already roasted u
world's unsexiest ych: getting strip searched, but by a bored and disinterested tsa agent
you ever meet someone whos face just screams "unenthusiastic handjob"?
mutual attraction signs | how to know if she's into you via
thanks for the share phil. new fan of the art of charm?
lmao what about "4 more years"
just that with 0 context?
she gone hear from me when i get home
lmao nigga you were at work
i kinda wanna know what the drill is for.
some women like it rough
so full of bugs. sign in or sign up, no option to sign up.
hi tony, thanks for the heads-up! we're currently investigating these issues and apologize for the trouble you've had.
hell nah..he still would've got his but not like that.think we still lose, but it'd of been different no doubt
think about it drew. derwin gon come up and make the tackle regardless of what kelly say bruh he a dog. instinct gon take over
watch the new york city and new jersey bomb suspect get lifted into an ambulance after a shootout with police.
there will be no quick justice, he'll get a year or two maybe. maybe even gitmo for a few months and be back on the street
people are so politically correct these days they don't even feel comfortable shouting n-word outside the comfort of their own trump rally.
trump admits to birther lie friday,christie trial starts monday. people are saying the bombing a good diversion
today's notes: 1. bad back day. 2. dear god why haven't i been using starbucks' app to order this whole time? 3. deadlines are aptly named.
i feel your pain, i just wrote a piece on this issue this morning, see it here:
wise interview. should be a highschool&amp;collegeclass.going to loop it for my kids at bedtime.
thanks patricia. how'd you discover the art of charm?
pakistan was 2b land of the"pak"( pure). lesson for all-all attempts at "purification"have turned humans into monsters.wahhabis r doing same
these are manipulated terms used by sick clerics, what part of islam ever was pure.
i find it so difficult to liaten to obama. trump is not perfect but he tells us the unvarnished truth which is vital
mute button=problem solved. he has nothing important to say, just lies and garbage! hillary will be more of the same!
having a good chiropractor is such a health game changer. especially in this digital age with how much we're on the comp and on our phones.
so true, we see so many patients, of all ages, due to "digital fatigue". it has major short and long term effects.
police capture ahmad khan rahami, suspect in ny-nj bombings
they dropped the "khan" from his name now... where did i hear that name before??
what a rubbish thought. kargil was to free own land from intruders. do u agree?
that was a comment on war and its cost not on waging a war or not .
feds "mistakenly" grant citizenship to 800refugees w/ security concerns via
imagine that... now you can't even trust your own ass because it will shit on you
as sang.... "try every drink!"
that burnt orange
holocaustallowedbyo&amp;hrc
spent$770million in taxpayer cash torenovate mosques overseas
"he terrorized nj transit" hes not the first, in every sense of the word.
nj transit terrorizes everyone who uses them, every day.
i get phone calls and emails frequently from people who are frustrated with health insurance. here's a small taste.
what are the limitations on that samaritan ministries coverage?
notice i said all the girls i can clearly tell there's a nigga in there if i was a gay i would've included him
lmfao why are you so hurt nigga relax i seen your tweets already
that hat !! i want it ! fabiola has rolling stones everything where'd you get it
i created it for nordstrom rack and made 500, my boss is gonna sell them at our sample sale!!
idgaf i'm tight she made you breakfast and not me
it was good
yo you spelled esports wrong
e-sports for continuity
religion is fucking is up. there, i said it.
do u really mean thati thought u were a believer
interested! let me know more!
perfect! i will dm you!
hi tony, thanks for the heads-up! we're currently investigating these issues and apologize for the trouble you've had.
we'll reach out to you directly to make sure we get these resolved. thanks for your patience.
going to finally see in 9 months
totally worth the wait!!
i haven't watched the chargers/jaguars game yet. is tj yeldon just bad?
"the defense will be better" they said
it's such a real thing that will happen soon and our economy is not prepared at all
totally, you'd think it'd be a huge campaign issue because it's very likely to affect the next president.
i don't fucking know hahaha i just thought you'd enjoy it. like fucking runescape. really ? hahahahah
i know, everything about it was perfect. i want to find that song tho. i hate that i love
same as how there's no ground troops fighting in afghanistan or iraq atm
private contractors are not soldiers...smh
bahaha really? i'll have to listen
lolol yes talking about people they were happy to meet at bushwig
can someone explain the difference between and ?
we are antibody-based detection starting with gluten. our test for peanut is slated for 2017.
off private and it feels so good
i can finally retweet
nice timing!
thanks!! i have 100 or so just like it same day, amazing!!
i imagine like a hulu for all my saved online videos (from articles, ted, vimeo, etc). my friends at shelbytv used to do this
i'd certainly love to have something like that, myself. :)
ahmad khan rahami planted multiple bombs across two states, engaged in a shootout w police &amp; is captured alvie &amp; wheeled off on a gurney
alton sterling was a "threat" to officers by not pulling his gun out, ahmad rahami was neutralized and apprehened after opening fire on
here's what looked like in 1995. not sure which one of us designed this!
this is one of the first web interfaces we had and we used "mathopd", our homegrown web server.
will be posting puck up for auction this evening! would you suggest furbuy or the dealers den? pretty much which generally sells better?
i think furbuy does. i barely got any traffic using dealers den
thanks for letting us know emily. we're taking care of it!
thank you for repairing the playground ladder at woh hei yuen. the kids are so happy to be using it again!
mother of god, after a zillion cleanings &amp; water brews, my platinum is dying! halp! i'm going to die
get a nespresso - way better machine imo
it's been available in her store for a while. here's the teaser:
ooooh, i thought you meant that mizo is going to do another fanbook and got rlly excited
come to pino's on ridge rd, they got food
ha i've been there! great subs
report: bombs planted were inadvertently disabled by thieves:
thieves saved us? start spreading the news, terrorists thwarted today, you can make it here, but thieves will stop you, in ny
i remember when was just starting &amp; had under 500 followers, look at her now i'm so proud &amp; happy for her
aw love you baby
super fun night. sasha definitely won best dressed and killed as host.
i love you and all of your work liev and i wish you the best. and also your son is looking great. :)
political science major dawg. i was a college junior reading lenin
i had to write a paper on marx a couple semesters ago for a sociology class.
so much talk about how trump uses fear as a tactic, and yes-that tactic is also used to silence our needed criticality of the dems.
but don't come for millennials who don't find the dems inspiring. thank god we don't.
ever see a cute boy and he is sitting maybe at the end of the lecture hall and then he moves closer and your like never khm mind.
story of my life.
at a minimum, this takes one of trump's only/best surrogates off air for a bit, i imagine
birther lie admitted christie trial starts. good time for a diversion .people are saying about the bombing
live: president obama is delivering a statement in new york.
will obama finally take responsibility for his foreign policy incompetence as it relates to isis?
too early? sorry.
average dick be fun sometimes cause it doesn't hurt and you can show out. be riding for hella long &amp; be totally unphased.
today's notes: 1. bad back day. 2. dear god why haven't i been using starbucks' app to order this whole time? 3. deadlines are aptly named.
can't speak for sf, but is like nyc's most powerful daily shortcut.
watch when i get home
what time you get out ?
i almost accidently drank the bong water again
how does this happen to you? lmfao
seems to me here that politics trumps science
i said something like that earlier this morning -
we generally ignore the howes, lyons, campanellos, serranos, in favour of the marketable variety poets: non-intellectual, easy to sell.
oh the ballad of the ignored poet!
current options include: - portland - austin - boulder - pittsburgh
you might also consider downtown sacramento
lmfao look at this tweet and the replies
that shit is retarded. they calling straigh dudes "toxic" but the replies are so foul. sexist ass bitches bruh
i just like the pressure it put me under, i knew it would challenge me mentally. that's why wanted to do it
yeah it's a good feeling, makes me see where i can improve. i'll never adapt mid-match though. just not good.
but don't come for millennials who don't find the dems inspiring. thank god we don't.
it took an independent socialist to give us the most progressive democratic platform.
mine this thursday
how many they taking out ? they taking out all 4 at the same time for me.
nothing like spilling burning hot coffee on your chest. thought my silicone was going to melt i know i'm not the only one n
please say it ain't so! protect those puppies!
it can do that anywhere ya know
wait it rains outside of new york????
i am not prepared to make my day the best even half way through.
then you'd best be prepping
morning jerry. hope you are doing well dear. how is your health coming along?
i then awakened to still being alone and bedridden, but, with an urge to tell you about my dream. what does it mean?
allegiance has the connotation of duty and owed loyalty. how people feel about that is something else.
and blind loyalty is being a good german &amp; brings us 1 step closer to firing up the ovens.
point 5 grams? so many things wrong here lmao rt : stop fucking for these point 5 grams
that's a dime...
ye-es, that's true. is right that you need it for reversed().endindex, though.
i guess my real question is "what's the best way to implement lastindex(where:)" with a side of whining ;)
ok where r we going
bora bora? new zealand? china? spain? cuba? france? italy? australia? brazil? amsterdam? cairo? the grand canyon?
next time we are together i'm gonna have u try achaar, pakistani spicy pickled mangos. i put them on my white castle burgers.
yes please! sounds delicious
thank you so much !
no prob enjoy your day love .
will all food be pictured next to various zoo animals and have whiskey listed in it's profile?
all food will wear hats and sunglasses, list itself as "self employed" and contain at least one torso-only photo
going back to sleep. wake us if any of the coaches talks like a pirate
coach g just winked at me. at least i think he did. that's gotta count for something.
good morning my sweetheart sis hope all well for you big hugs and kisses
afternoon my sweetheart sis! all is well. i hope you are too. hugs &amp; kisses
lol, no it stands for 'autonomous sensory meridian response'. aka, things that give you goosebumps
whaaaat?! i need to watch these. do they work?!
co bassheads have lost it entirely complete nonsense
seems like it i can't stand molly
i'm actually not julia louis-dreyfus' father. but i really appreciate all the concerned tweets.
had no idea julia and were sisters
. gets it spot-on re new blair witch--i just saw its opening in chapel hill, nc via
i love chapel hill. i went to graduate school there.
clinton was president, trump wasn't! yuuuge difference!
not so huge when "president" of his businesses is trumps main "asset". why would he change at 70?
hey karisa, fan of yours, i think i sat next to you in the salon getting pedis, i shoulda said hi
hi! you should have! i could have used the distraction from what was and is always a very ticklish experience.
someone bring me a venti iced coffee to work!
i still have no coffee.
doesn't fix how the offense looked and doesn't change the fact we got the same backers and trey marshall lmao but who knows
true. offense was baddddd. but next week it'll click just because tate will be starting.
i want all my niggas to eat
we already at the table
if trump is so horrible why is the race so tight?
because horrible is not mutually exclusive.
woah... is this a good idea?
my favorite part of this was waking up at 4:30am to screeching noises from my phone ^_^
see, nothing out of the ordinary at all about pepe. just a frog.
but donald trump jr said it was just a frog. and people think of the gas chamber as capital punishment
"in large part because of all of you, i am convinced that america's best days are ahead of us." -
you were telling the truth about crooked h during the debates. after ur defeat? u r supportng her. no trust!
i assume this means it takes you to hostels etc where you will be killed y/n
that's the basic idea
serious question: who's the charles nelson reilly of the group?
lol as far as i can tell, no one is wearing a toupee or outrageous clothing.
toy story 3 is sad as fuck. why didn't y'all tell me????
lmao you just seeing it? bruh the motions
sc rejects plea seeking cbi probe into allegations that mulayam singh yadav has amassed disproportionate assets
why waist cbi's time, put this bastard on ice slab,3rd degree treatment.
oh. so it's not a guide to lsd and other recreational drugs?
no but would love to see that in the 2.0!
average dick be fun sometimes cause it doesn't hurt and you can show out. be riding for hella long &amp; be totally unphased.
i will tolerate average sized dick for the man i like because /i/ know how to fuck and i'll be satisfied regardless!
i mean, this just seems like they've given clinton campaign an opening to point out fringe trump ppl like baldasero.
she didn't use the word "treason," so they have to make a leap for the indignation, while his supporters literally talk about firing squads.
are you doing st. regis? their suites are incredible in sfo
nah settled for fishermans warf sheraton. wanted more low key. super luxury is this thursday for your 30th in vegas!
you need an fbi background check to buy a gun and there is a federal minimum age of 18 for all handguns.
not true. no background checks required for private/internet sales in most states. mental issues not reported exactly either
in any case, i'm looking forward to gaga's album. i'm gonna be paying close attention to her image, interviews, all that.
i wonder if gaga is gonna hurry up and release another song because i don't think "perfect illusion" got the reception she wanted, tbqh.
it's like if you don't get there at a reasonable time you'll be in line foreverrrrrrr
traffic on fifth &gt;&gt; traffic at the hs, fr no way ours getting by
nothing says monday like getting attacked by a fucking poisonous cactus
my whole foot is numb
i love airports at the crack of dawn.
and long beach is one of the nicest...
just had a mini heart attack because angela lansbury is trending on facebook. so relieved she's not dead. lmao.
she's like cher. both of them will outlive us all.
. - average age of an application is 21 years, running on 5.5 year old infrastructure
and sadly there are a few of us around who actually recall when those applications went in
keepin you in mah prayers fam
eating pizza for u fam
neil wampler video at the refuge.
tsk napoleon complex from one incident of holding off the federal government
you'll know when cause of the scene i'm boutta make
i work at 4 lol so i probably won't be here
hi sheri...how are u? been a while, miss u!
hi natasha! hanging in there, you luv? it has been a while miss u 2
you really do only support trump if you have nothing to lose.
feels like we always knew this. smoke, meet fire! speaking of fire, chris christie, you will be fired! jail?ag?not so much!
don't you just love it when protestors on campus say you're a bastion of humanity because of your sexual orientation????
you should throw eggs at them.
it took an independent socialist to give us the most progressive democratic platform.
the same independent socialist the democratic party was trying to sabotage...
gearing up for the start of king crab season ^smcrew
be safe
lundqvist has the flu more often than 20 eight year olds combined.
flu is photo shoot in swedish
let's be better than that. let's cut each other some slack. we're all doing the best we can.
yes we are that's all we can d9
so is there anything worth knowing that's been announced at javaone?
java 9 will be great, but delayed again. cloud this, cloud that.
and with the december re: trump on christie: "he knew about it, totally knew about it."
he "should be a newscaster"
my latest opus, "sam hinkie and a semester abroad: the untold story of his time in europe," is out tomorrow on .
need to get someone from stanford to sit-in when hinkie does his guest speaking gig.
london's muslim mayor tells new york and london to get used to terrorism
thats typical from a socialist, lets just go along to get along
random: i would like to see the death penalty enforced for those who commit acts of terrorism.
would rather jail them and make them watch as the things they hate grow stronger.
or your flight is 2 hours late and you miss the last bart by 4 mins....
missing the chance to ride on late at night is not something to be sad about. /cc
whoops. obama-endorsed vetting system failed america just welcomed 800 potential jihadists
no mistake made here..it's called a voter registration drive.
what will you be working on?
back at the tubes!
`... - 1`? /ducks
doesn't work on non-int indices. you can do (and i did) a.formindex(before: reversedindex). but...
we and and bho/hrc know that guns are outlawed in nj, so this gun-scenario would be impossible!
why don't they outlaw bombs in nj?
look! priyanka chopra wore marta's dress last night!
what a breathtaking dress in that rouge red! yeah! marta definitely stolel the show. woowee!
case in point
pfffffhahahaha fuck this is depressing hold on lemme go get my crazy pills
my 13 old son asked. dad what i should do if terrorists attacked in our school in case as did in ny &amp; nj i have no answers.
/ i had to talk to my daughter for the same reason. it's outrageous,outrageous. i'm pitting mad.
retweeted literally putin (): black voters are turning from clinton to trump in new poll...
of course, hillary is a slug, i dont think for a second she love the usa
awesome shots of 's last match of 2016 with the fallen flower kikyo at 's wrestlemayhem
thank you buddy!!! here you go ;-) such a wonderful moment. pleased to have helped make that memory!
"every woman is a rebel" be a rebel in your own right &amp; blaze your trail this week!
those arms though!!!!
get the pro, they almost the same size but the pro is more durable and i believe comes with more memory options
yeah i have a pro now but it died, im gonna go to the store today and see
speaking at the summit tomorrow around noon!
very informative, thank you
import an image from gallery, click on edit button to crop it, app crashes. try importing multiple images, app crashes.
what device/android version? working fine on my s7
much appreciated. -edits have creeped into my club sets, more and more, in the past 6 months. that janet-flip =
pleasure principle 2.0 is one of my fave joints
it might be nice to offer an option between "best day hooray" and "you suck, quitter."
it's more about the attempt vs. outcome; although, i do get what you are saying. i'll apply that in tomorrow's article!
maybe boone over adrien but that's nitpicking
boone was such an underappreciated college player. did it all.. great on fast break for size.
linden mayor: 3 officers were taken to hospital. 1 shot in vest, 1 for bullet fragments to the head, 1 transported for the "traumatic event"
linden pd capt: 1 officer was sitting in his pd vehicle when he was struck in head by bullet, "it must have been a glancing blow" will be ok
was going to be the norm for this event (this tweet xchange). seems "boon" locations did v-well
exactly. had a good idea of what would happen.soaker along coast. heavy batch across ridge to my nw
not to psychoanalyze le carre, but i do think there's a link between the fact he had a bombastic dad who used to beat up his mom and...
i find it fascinating that so many of the operatives of his generation were recruited from the theater/lit geeks of oxford
i'm telling you dramamine works wonders!! get this boy some dramamine lol
i told him last night that's what he needs! and i just happen to have a bottle of it!
you should receive an email when it is ready for pick up and can pick it up any time within 8 days. ^crystal
mmm if i needed 8 days to pick up my item i would have it shipped. but i will wait because you leave me no other choice
"the boys, they are all crazy for liza"-kisses
hnd mo cla maccc ang ganda eh
"this threat is real, but so is our resolve. americans will not cower. we will prevail." -hillary
and hillary is wanting to let in more muslims than obama has
was it squiffy
could've been cc
wash post review of hillary clinton's new book: "'stronger together' is an embarrassment, sloppy, repetitive, dutiful and boring."
hey mark is there an email to reach you?
the thing about saying "thieves" thwarted the second bomb: people rummage thru curb items all the time. pretty standard ny. not stealing.
ever see a bicycle chained up with both its wheels missing? or a car up on blocks with no tires at all?
we will always be divided until we can count the things that unite us instead.
hopefully one day we will
i have a job and have to get back to work. i will school you later
lol, you've been schooled, amazing i had to translate trump talk to a . ....
over a year + 2 games defense has been more consistently bad, than good.
so with a sample size of two games rob ryan is 50-50 with the bills. ridiculous to blame him like this
good afternoon everyonehave a great start to your new week
thank you! same to you! why the look?
(1/3) i have a collection of parody don't tread on me flags i've saved from the internet
has no one yet made a "don't @ me" snake flag?
...and i thank you for expressing your feelings. i apologize for the lack of sensitivity...
i don't understand why they get annoyed when they don't see people of color on fashion shows, musicals, tv shows. tf
trump says downplaying threat from islamic state after bombings!
of course he is, he's creating all this
if you do manage to get into a class - let me know how it goes. i'm very curious!
i've been to a soulcycle class before. i thought it was ok. have not been to this particular one though. has.
banned from the library because of my shoulder??
i hate when that happens
story of my life.
where before you could only judge the appearance where as now you can nitpick his various ticks and personality flaws from a 15 cm away.
for our first question, let's get the appreciation flowing: who has been your most inspirational colleague?
. pretty sure i drove crazy for the first two years of my pd. working with isaac bianco &amp; omi ma was a highlight, too!
pinpoint the of an active galaxy a team has measured the field in the vicinity of a...
(cont) large magnetic fields around event horizon trigger 2 large jets from ngc 1052 supermassive black hole
at today to hear from 's elliott higgins on . social media verification ftw!
thanks for tweeting along. what is your favorite segment so far of
$srpt pt raises so far-- william blair to 88 from 29 janney- 65 from 30 piper- 64 from 17
baird $srpt pt raised to $102/sh
not only is wrong on birtherism, his words and policies are bad for americans alive now and our children yet to be born.
i guess you are also wanting to bring in more muslims than obama has
. i am extremely disappointed in your decision to remove the photo map. i will be deleting my account unless it's fixed by 3pm.
i still have a photo map?
i find it fascinating that so many of the operatives of his generation were recruited from the theater/lit geeks of oxford
these were not people were about to go into the military, they were people who were writing plays in rhymed couplets &amp; shit
the experience from concert was unexplainable!!!! pictures from 's concert
brand new tune is out star
there are parts of you that want the sadness seek them out ask them why
sadness is just as fulfilling of an emotion as joy
let me hold those overalls for you bud
they are my friend. she refuses to give them to me... ugh
our next president needs to have the right temperament to meet the challenges we face.
trump will be our next president
hahaha it's all good, my friend! we say what we want, right?
besides your beauty, talent, sense of humor, &amp; everything else; i luv your unpc attitude !!!!!
...and i thank you for expressing your feelings. i apologize for the lack of sensitivity...
it's his fucking brand / line.
people keep saying nobody plays pokemon go anymore but the guy who slammed into me just now because he was looking at his phone still does!
still lots of players in sf, where the "nearby" feature is active, but i wonder if its dying everywhere else.
where before you could only judge the appearance where as now you can nitpick his various ticks and personality flaws from a 15 cm away.
it's great.
it is crazy that we have veterans sleeping out on the streets, who risked their lives to defend us.
hillary didn't do anything 4 the vets. if elected, she ll enrich her family while sacrificing gay, straight and abused women
and what bomber worth his salt handles a pressure cooker w/o cloth gloves?
yep. criminals&amp;miscreants are often really stupid. maybe they're blinded by their lust to take from&amp;hurt others.
political correction put entire nation lives on risk &amp; made country insecure on the name of free country .
/ this is a result of political correctness in front of americans safety. i'm furious
"what i've laid out is a path forward that will keep us safer...and go after the terrorists to finally destroy them"
no you have said you have the same path as obama has
you coming to dallas? i got you if you come
but convention is toooooo far away i'll wait tho lol
ok i've been talking a big game about my schedule, but for some reason it's been pushed up an hour???
this is problematic because on some days i have class at 10. like i'd have to leave the middle of a lecture to poop.
namely: 1) biz./utilities-allen 2) consumer affairs-nadeau 3) workforce-silverman 4) boards &amp; commissions-todd. temporary set up until 2017
do they get any budget for cmte staff?
i'm proud i've never celebrated losing. can't imagine a more absurd thing to do.
tapping phones?
the most underappreciated worst road in nyc
the jackie robinson expwy in the rain has terrified way more new yorkers than isis ever will
looks delicious
thank you very much. it is!
i think that's a good idea so you can celebrate my 10 yr. thanks in advance.
i'm just so poor at the moment! but i'll see what i can swing
i'd order but australia isn't on the list :(
oh just email me. we'll figure it out.
sorry we're away. mum rescued a dying kitty on fri. dr. did very best but she went otrb yesterday. still in tears.
your poor sweet mom! goro, you and athena be extra loving to her. give her all the hugs &amp; purrs we're sending virtually. xoxox
donald trump's plan to defeat isis is to "do something extremely tough"
nukes? be a man donald and say it, nukes! you want to use them. you lust after nukes. you have everything else
"i'm the only candidate in this race who's been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield. -hillary
your decisions are based on money and power only
this traditions started and has found a new home . david brooks writes - i am just the vessel.
ha i thought you posted it and i just liked my own tweet lol
same never got a text. wonder what "friends" she asked for help
lmao just steph and she was sleeping
can it be classed 'full' w/out chicken &amp; waffles or biscuits &amp; gravy? /cc
well, i'm full!
we just caught up with germaine the starbucks man from yesterday's video!
that's dead my old store
i'm tryin 2 get @ this guy in my english class and it's making the prep for my presentation like 10x more terrible
we made eye contact several times. i look pretty hot. more updates to come (jk nothing's gonna happen lmao)
thanks for the rt &amp; , alberto! we have goodies for you! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" at
we're grateful for the , alberto! visit us for good books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra at
thrilled to be speaking this thurs 9/22 about how prepared me for silicon valley and a career at...
i love the line from "we don't like to discuss feelings, we're from buffalo."
the experience from concert was unexplainable!!!! pictures from 's concert
brand new tune
sippin' a beer, making sunday dinner, list'nin' to don byas. yes!
cheers bone cheers ray .
yep :) we now have a working exchange slurry &amp; endo, an ad endo, and a new s4b connector-factory style plugin.
will need demo soon!
best of the following?
macho as great as the other are and were no one did what savage could
this is bravo. this is us. don't miss tomorrow at 10/9c on nbc!
i love can't wait to see the show.
i am trying to refuse to be uncomfortable eating this banana but
hello four boys sitting next to me and another 3 in line for the coffee.
as president, i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you, the american people!
not all americans are with you mr trump, many, many are not period.
so you are a staunch defender of a louse who tried to murder scores of americans.
wow, not even brave enough to wait for my reply before blocking me.
but just as we can't "blame" him in 2 game sample size, how can rex crown him in a 2 game sample size?
"done just a good as job as any coach" isn't exactly great praise people...
he's right.
obviously i said it
the bridgegate scandal, christie\'s white whale, will smash his career to pieces | moran
they're missing the "a" between white and whale
rentrack kuda fake chesaru ga vammo
domestic kuda rentrack ha yeppatinunchi bro ? mi cinema tho starting ha?
plz keep tweeting &amp; re-tweeting this! we know it's going 2 be a set up for trump! just like romney. media/corrupt
romney ain't no trump though the donald will work it just like with the media at his dc hotel
she left once miley stopped being miley :(
she fulfilled her role
trump on brussels: i was "right" abt terror risk on orlando: "appreciate the congrats" on manhattan: "i called it"
"i've been hearing" that trump hired ahmad khan rahami a month ago to assure his election.
remember when maggie nelson pitched bluets to the ivy league as "heathen, hedonistic and horny"
helen heathen hedonistic horny holmes
breaking: ahmad khan rahami in custody. "as americans we do not, and never will, give into fear" -- president obama
nver give in to fear we already have we mde white house fence higher, put us through hi-tech travel searches, cameras evrywhr
on my way. close by 59th street!
great. but we are leaving.. too busy with limited number of staff.. maybe you come to nigeria
spent$770million in taxpayer cash torenovate mosques overseas
&amp; cutourmilitary budget&gt;he renovatesislamistmosquew$
exit polls? lol. oh dear me.
yes, there should have been more exit polls, most honest democracies have them without question. any of my other points, ?
lmfao this nigga drops his host every time i win a round i'm crying nooooooo lite and you dispute nooooooooooo lite lite lite $
why do u kids always do that you know damn well it's like 20-1 ratio me vs you fuckin idiot
asked my student why he didn't have his homework and he goes "my dad won an emmy last night for best actor in a comedy series, that's why" k
...who's his dad
i wish the miami-fsu game time was announced as well. what is your guess? has to be 3:30 at the earliest, right?
i'm with you. if i had to guess, it's either 3:30 or 8
lmfao this nigga drops his host every time i win a round i'm crying nooooooo lite and you dispute nooooooooooo lite lite lite $
now everytime i play u u won't be on after the game
terrorism in america.11 bombs in 24 hours ny and nj. why is not all over this? ahmad khan rahami
wonder if it would make a difference if it was happening all over washington,d.c.?
when ci is failing but builds are passing locally
that was a significant portion of my last week:
what time est is roi drop please?
eastern time for release of rol is 5am
i don't get why people don't see the parallels
evil hides behind a pleasant face
mostly no. btw if you want to donate to the matthew memorial while he's still alive fund, i believe you have the address...
"not today." that's the best response i've learned from this tweet. lol thanks
happy birthday!
thank you!
spending the rest of the day in transit/offline. try not to make jefferson and franklin (or paine) spin in their graves today, 'k, usa?
and if you've never actually read their writings, today is an excellent day to start.
i feel like not enough people acknowledge how perfect this movie is.
yo is that robin?
thanks for the rt &amp; , alberto! we have goodies for you! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" at
we're grateful for the retweet, alberto! visit us for books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra:
only 5.4% of fantasy owners started corey coleman in week 2. that's a lot of .
need to cut a deal with a lion blood for your signature collection, &amp; t-shirts
these were not people were about to go into the military, they were people who were writing plays in rhymed couplets &amp; shit
the guy who mentored le carre (and inspired smiley) was also a novelist. and he had been recruited by another novelist
step aside mcrib. the just stole your glory. this is possibly the most complicated recipe i've done.
gun to head which one do you like better? first anti-mcribby or final product ?
you are embarrassing yourself montel its very sad
u people support "pastor" burns and drumpf with blinders on. thank u for ur service montell!
disco disco by on with
brand new tune star
for the 153rd time... i. don't. hate. khalil. mack. i feel we don't use him where he excels, thus making him irrelevant.
ppl can't understand nuance or layers on here man - you're right btw on all your raider assessments this morning
this act of betrayal against 's own source was staggering. the claims made to justify it were worse.
cowardice is right. and they will scream bloody murder the day the washington post is charged with espionage. a disgrace.
come watch the launch announcement with us! opening shot was on a rocket launch! :)
nice video, really impressive to view, do it again!
": refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming. lots young males, poorly vetted.
why are all these immigrants come here
we're going to interview the lovely jamie dornan at the siege of tonight. what should we ask him?
what's it like, playing villainous characters?
bruh me too i wouldn't even lock my door anymore
they are soo well trained... they would fuck somebody up
mt : the essence of govt is power which will b liable to abuse.
where are all the common sense wise men? seems most have disengaged their minds, turned into girly men
better for her to be setting and mr.trump standing over her. all suspicions will be founded
always take the higher ground let the wretch sit and jam her earpiece
there are two options. our leaders are complete morons or they're bringing muslims here to kill us. i don't believe they're complete morons.
no just semi moronic
fave new thing is orange highlighting in gmaps for busy/shopping/bars/restaurant streets. game changer no one's talking about
i haven't used it for much of anything myself but need to start paying attention!
me and , look how happy i am! watch it now at
we can't get enough of :))
muslims are persecuted here. christians persecuted over there. it's really all bullshit, really.
your right jamar but peoples thoughts are hard to change all we can do is hope n pray thatsomeday things will change
maybe i should emigrate?
definitely. there's a house for rent down the street. we can bbq
study after study confirms that. and yet here we are.
study after study confirms that donald trump is full of shit and yet look he's leading in the polls now!
these people are nuts.
kind of feels like we're in the midst of some weird sci-fi flick--"trump pods invasion"
attacks on american soil since 2009: fort hood nyc boston orlando san bernardino chattanooga moore columbus garland merced philadelphia
i bet more people died from construction crayons falling important but exploited by politicians
subtle points are often lost on simple people bent on smearing. trump campaign did that to me -twisting words.
. @ new day well don't. take personal. martha raddatz. interviewed trump vp abt birther issue. trump camp mad question come up
alex castellanos smears obama: 'there is an otherness to this president'
i once was of the opinion that alec castellanos was a sane &amp; less hateful part of the gop. his remarks of late have changed my mind
": refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming. lots young males, poorly vetted.
i doubt they are vetted at all
"x-men" is shamefully glamorizing violence against women to sell tickets
i couldn't get passed how shitty of a movie it was
articles: democrats are losing control of black americans
thank you for all you do pastor!the media is fraudulent and censors info 2the public &amp; needs 2 be held accountable!
the van wyck is worse than the jackie.
scandalous lies. jackie submerged right now
ppl can't understand nuance or layers on here man - you're right btw on all your raider assessments this morning
and i'm not a raider hater or a fan just watching with no skin in the game &amp; i think you've nailed some of my feelings as well
nypd says a 28-year-old man is wanted for questioning in nyc bombing
as expected the islamist is from afpak region. hillary wants to get more of this scum??? vote trump !!!
we tried2bcivil about it with a million people in dc.only1problem.we left the only thing that could've saved us home
fran we need you on monday nite i know u have another engagement but we need to be together thru this pls reconsider
so it looks like we are all 'less safe". you bots are fools. stop bothering me. educated yourself. stop watching cnn and rachel
lol, "stop bothering me" after you send 10 unanswered tweets, ....if we crossed paths its cuz you were trolling
anything personally symbolic at the moment, or you just liked the idea for the look?
been swimming in my head for a long time.originally 4 finale. butterflies beauty &amp; short life spans/ cycles.
the guy who mentored le carre (and inspired smiley) was also a novelist. and he had been recruited by another novelist
...mi5 was basically a big writer's workshop
no need to say it twice. we get it pony boy
i was making sure you were up to speed
your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change. - jim rohn
amen brother sohaib, have a blessed day.
santa would just leave class ho ho ho
good advice drunk santa! always coming in the clutch!
i so excited to go on boatlisten carefully i whimpering like a baby
lol, he is happy!
attacks on american soil since 2009: fort hood nyc boston orlando san bernardino chattanooga moore columbus garland merced philadelphia
governments done an excellent job with counter terrorism never perfect
how to decide whether (and when) to call it terrorism
who do you work for? come live in nyc and get some perspective.
": refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming. lots young males, poorly vetted.
false. refugees go thru incredibly detailed vetting process.
see everyone tomorrow
how did i not hear about this?? this looks awesome! bummed i can't make it.
ft. - lopangwe ||for more visit
brand new tune star
yoga is a great way to stay flexible and balanced etc. start today. wearing lurvsportswear...
can't wait to go back to yoga and gym i broke kneecap in july much better now
context for feds now saying christie knew *during* gwb shutdown. remember, wildstein is now their star witness...
thanks steve for keeping this story in the public eye remember folks chris the criminal is 's guy
you don't understand history a little turns into a lot &amp; dictatorships work that way. tyranny
trump is the closest thing to a tyrant america has ever seen. he would ignore laws to remake greatest gov't in world
suspect in custody. you are welcome colin kaepernick.
do tell - did you find him yourself or if kap actually stood would that have any impact of finding him faster?
it's amazing for traveling. ordinarily i'd just use foursquare to find the best coffee shops, and know they're on good streets
foursquare! that takes me back
. predicts exponential speed of adoption ... found the same last week... will it happen?
and what is global economy drops into another recession or depression?
you have no new information can you please go to normal broadcasting is boring
shep's droning again. i do wish he'd shut up.
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
leta all join together and support trump and get rid of all the thousands of muslims that re bombing us
if i did, it sounds highly inappropriate, criminal even. how did poor get drawn into this?
because i don't converse enough with either of you
use ryan fitzpatrick as an example. rex ryan on his own is 1-8 against him. w/ rob gave up 374 yds
i'm not saying it was the best game but i think in many cases the players either missed tackles or jump balls
wishing my family the best at the tonight!
ray donovan is one of the best serial in the history.
you should follow my friend ben yee (). he is young person making a difference and using tech to make gov...
and i am young person leaving my followers in suspense as facebook cuts off the end of my tw...
you chose aka and you chose ny! ... sorry i'm crazy right now. fine chanera, blah blah i understand... lol
shayna omg omg omgawwdd damn it. i'm going to be in memphis that following weekend! and i'm trying to grind like you tell me. ugh.
thanks for taking a moment with the special spectators from .
thanks for the rt! pls tweet inspiring note to special spectators from who were at sat's game w/
obama urges calm in the face of attacks in new york and new jersey
the creator of this mess urges calm! the sheep must remain complacent for the slaughter!
i've had a virtual pet on my iphone for almost 3 years. i had to set-up my new iphone 7 plus and he didn't survive
it's called hatch and it's great!
nypd says ahmad khan rahami, 28, wanted for questioning in nyc bombing (nypd photo)
as expected the islamist is from afpak region. hillary want to inflict more wounds on the americans by bringing more of such scum?
nothing at home now wya
school but when i get out ima slide
you chose aka and you chose ny! ... sorry i'm crazy right now. fine chanera, blah blah i understand... lol
i'm done making excuses. i'll figure something out very soon.
use ryan fitzpatrick as an example. rex ryan on his own is 1-8 against him. w/ rob gave up 374 yds
check out , great all-22 examples
i've been fighting for that hope/happy ending for 3 years now, and all it's done is destroy me. ...i'm giving in; those things don't exist.
they do exist. but first, focus on you dreams do come true- i promise
chris says it should have been 5-3
wat hell no. maybe if we run it back but the 2 i won weren't solid. all nelson gimmicks and geyser.
they want the whole of india....they want to change your identity...permanently...they want to erase your ancestral way of life....for ever!!
briiliant thread...
yo how do i become a member at the nyu cheese club
fuck sports spectrum cheese club uber alles
finally changed my wallpaper, bye trunks splitting timeline image, hello beautiful
my friend consoling me after i lose rare mario stickers on ebay. i want mooooooore~
omg you are a godsend! picking this up asap
not as good as i was hoping. not worth it.
seriously a hottie pic!!
jamie with two hands haha!!!!!!!
and i'm not a raider hater or a fan just watching with no skin in the game &amp; i think you've nailed some of my feelings as well
the team has promise but they have some critical holes at key spots &amp; the hype is crazy - den is still loaded loaded
all sales should require background checks. millions of people had no training to drive, most learned from their parents.
we agree on background checks. now if only republicans would ignore the nra and support the same.
what's the new mint font
arial round, i think?
how does she tone herself down and still command the same amount of attention? is good music enough at this point?
tbh any great musician's career goes thru dips and duds. think about bowie post-ziggy
blacks are flocking to trump! we dont want a welfare check, we want a paycheck!
black americans disgusted with ,, denying their children a real education.
while addressing weekend bombings, calls islamic state a "failed cause" | getty
if that was said by trump, hillary's hacks in the media would be claiming that this is instigation of the poor fellows.
trueee, i'm going tho fuck it.
i was there the same night for jphelpz... shit happens everywhere.. gotta move on lmao i was scared going tho no lie
thank you for the fofllow!
thx 4 the follow back! quick trivia: does give you more energy?
white voters keep trump's hopes alive in must-win florida - the new york times
implication to defeat trump: do whatever it takes to increase youth and latino turnout. convince rubio supporters to split ticket
why prefer wired one for the train?
i'm in the same boat, mostly because i fear my powerbeats wireless buds would look mad douchaaaay.
yo same, foursquare rules
oh i agree, it's very important to keep in touch with who you were in 2010
i haven't had any since being in ny :(
because every bowl of pho here is a disappointment
it must really suck being that poor disputing a $5
it's cause i'm lagging and your a awful ass call of duty player so u can go do a ticket cause i know u fuckin suck
yes, my "pence loves women" was sarcastic.
that's what i was hoping.
decided 2 go against the "unwritten columbia dress code" and wear shorts &amp; a sweatshirt to class &amp; i've been already honked at 5 times. wut?
update: i'm wearing neon transparent pink shorts &amp; look like a proud idiot who didn't check the weather
what was your grad dept?
got my mba at unc's business school, kenan-flagler.
its good if im here i might pick up
shit wait for me ima be hungry too i'll actually eat
if that happens then you can persuade to play a match in nyc !!!!
that is a fantastic idea!
do not order rock shrimp with me
is it ok that when i read this i hear paul giamotti ranting about merlot in sideways?
can someone plz confirm the humidity? says it's 94% and i feel like my app is never accurate.
asking for a friend. don't wanna walk up these 5 flights of stairs and come back up
i would like to point out that this kid has also said depressed people should die and it's ok to hit women that act masculine
wait hold on this tea is too hot i need to get me sum potholders
walked away while setting up my new phone and came back to this. and are funny funny guys
love the new home button.
you figure a shit load of hillary literature though, you fucking nitwit?
why would he want hillery literature eddie!?
get ready to spread it out... i think ground and pound is gone. hell we might even see a screen to sammy
would this be a positive thing for them you think?
| the best of africa under one roof, 22.10.16 . tickets here:
in east africa please nominate him thanks
thought you'd like to see this...movie collectibles from over the years in my office.
phenomenal collection!
if only 9 out of 10 people killed in drone strikes weren't treated like collateral
misleading stat. that counts killing 1 leader and 5 low ranking terrorists as 1/6.
the day i die is when i'm riding, the speed is gonnna kill me.
the day you die sooner then you wish for dirty boy!
kind of want chinese food for lunch, but also don't want to blow up the staff bathroom. decisions, decisions.
blow up the students one &amp; call it an emergency
the question for people who underestimate their readers is : does it work? i buy joris and howe. i don't buy poets that bore me!
the wonderful thing about poetry that it's like ice cream, there are all these flavors!
completely obsessed with your new hair you look gorgeous
thank you pretty!
i'm dying any food sounds ew :/
think about getting better
how do y'all figure this out? i swear i've seen 100000000 white boys that look exactly like this
who is voting? i am not attracted to this man.
watch live: hillary clinton speaks to millennial voters in philadelphia
i wonder how many things she promised for a vote? i am sure she didn't promise to stop lying.
appreciate the fan art of me so much!! so thoughtful to spend time doing this! thank you!!
perfect to be model for busty magazine
can someone plz confirm the humidity? says it's 94% and i feel like my app is never accurate.
asking for a friend. don't wanna walk down and back up these 5 flight of stairs. lazy af.
it's the question that i use to prevent atheists from accidentally making a god claim of their own.
so, it is neither an agent or mechanism question?
there's nothing sexier than filming a sex scene at 6:15 am on a monday after drinking a bunch of beers at the football game on sunday.
sounds better than 's fabulous sex tape.
ahmad rahami taken into custody in linden, nj, after shooting, multiple law enforcement sources say - nbc news
just saw it but a few irate individuals spoil it because they are ignorant
new hue hub, 3 lights and a switch. i just wanted to control a few lamps that weren't hooked up to a switch.
that sucks man, mine have been running well for the last few months (barring a few hk beta issues early on). what's the problem?
thanks for taking a moment with the special spectators from .
thanks for the rt! pls tweet inspiring note to special spectators from who were at sat's game w/
they don't make wood like they used to
the houses they love have 24 rafters. today most are at least 28. this man is an idiot.
yessss! i loved their one about being fat and bad kids.
i gotta check those out, i just finished the one on lunch ladies
she fulfilled her role
i just miss when miley was a straight white dude !
"please give transgender talent a chance. give them auditions." - jeffrey tambor
please stop shoving them down our throats.
. praises "resoluteness" of people of new jersey and new york
obama is in the process of replacing the captured terrorist bombers faster than police can find them!
how would style hillary clinton?
hahaha she has cankles. that was good.
the worst terrorist to inflict disaster upon ny? robert moses
yeah but jones beach
feel free every day! i visited cold war european cities &amp; the ussr &amp; felt tyranny's meaning.
thanks for the , jessica! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll down at
so new glasses new toys orrr new clothes or all hmmmmmmm
charming, im lovin in...
yea what about the 2nd bomb and then the 5 bombs found in elizabeth nj train station?
looks like they caught the bastard
true. but worth considering how things would change with an electorate with zero vested interest in free curbside parking.
&gt; yes, how about residential permits? how about market pricing? many ways to achieve.
q: are ghosts real?
would you smooch a ghost if they were real
you know what you never see? airline ads talking about their low delay rate. i'd def pay more for a near-guarantee. cc
where you flying dude?
uber driver: disaffected young man in flushing ferries young bk/mnh women and men to and fro their tinder dates
flushing! sounds like a hit
| the best of africa under one roof, 22.10.16 . tickets here:
excellent artist nominate please
value a free and open internet available to all? say
do you have a good document that discusses pros and cons of the transfer? i'd like to use it in class.
hillary clinton is a terrorist sympathizer! she cannot keep usa safe! vote 4 trump!
obama wants her to carry on his legacy of foreign policy incompetence
since i turned 21: times i've sat on a table: 1 times i've been carded: 0
could you be any more adorable
! rt and f by 9/24 for a chance to win an arc! int'l ok.
ahoy mateys!
are there going to be a lot of news analyses that say this "casts a shadow" over trump's campaign?
nope. but they tried with anthony &amp; huma. christie has the audacity to say "lock her up" regarding hrc.
"karma is so much more than just a drone"
nice does it autopilot
he's lesser of 2 evils imo. i'd never sit out an election, i respect the men/women who fought for my right to vote.
so you want an unqualified unfit unstable vulgar narcissist megalomaniac pathological liar for president. smart.
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
thanks , yours, the ghost of osama bin laden
i actually have a question for you. i wondered if you had any insights on this. i live in pgh!
would love to represent the patient voice in my hometown! especially off this high!
at the new trump dc hotel, room service delivers koran, prayer rug and compass pointing to mecca.
you really are ducking stupid. it's called running a business. if you've ever created a job yu might understand! perhaps not!
this faces where we were. you can see they're very used to the lane space being theirs.
classic. the coffee throwing, though... sheesh
lol you mad
hell yea they got me fucked uo
is it politically correct to say this was a bomb, or will cnn chastise me?
it appears to be an explosion. but let's not get ahead of ourselves. leave it up to the msm.
"the world's handsomest man" on the cover of ! premieres october 2nd.
read 's full cover feature and see more photos here:
it's called hatch and it's great!
i should re download hatch. (lost my first pet when i went away somewhere with no data service)
can't live in fear that's what they want.
facts.. u can walk outside your house nd shit can go down
chris says it should have been 5-3
i could have harrased him more with slide/cmd dash, i could have frame trapped better with terry, and i do-
not exactly a mindset i'm anxious to understand....
know what you mean, but i think that may be why some are drawn to noir books&amp;films, me among them.
one of the best ramen in nyc!
this looks delicious!
do you think at some point the press that's so busy kissing his ass is ever going to figure out who he'd crush first?
nope. he gives too good theater for them to give up.
slow your roll big ed.....i feel you though
what'd he say i missed it?
updates this solid report from on friday.
does anyone care enough to vote these dissemblers out. if not we may see bobama and hilry giving paid speeches in tehran 2024
ya feet tho
cutest little piggies you ever did see
it was a warning.him using psychology on us to get us to behave.
like a father to his bad kids! he's a clever man
. did a psa for yu without mentioning me, a yu alum, and how i wrote the porn version of hamilton.
what an embarrassing ommission!!
v tech plays ecu this weekend meaning i get to have this fake rivalry with
wait. why is she rooting for vcu?
i appreciate the , rob! visit us for good books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music at
i value your , rob! see lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its great essence. scroll down at
john wall was wearing a sunday in washington. your reaction? (photo via )
trade him to the mavericks , that boy. is. crazy !!
.'s favorite see-now, buy-now looks from fashion week:
these looks are pretty swell but how about the dickie. p.s. is everything.
the guy who used to cheat on his girl w me just got engaged and i am weirdly upset even though obviously he is a thousand kinds of trash??
why did you do that
not that i'm requesting it but why doesn't the westcoast get bombed and threatened as much as the eastcoast?
everyone is too busy getting high
retweet if you played this game!
this was my favorite game play with my bro
you figure a shit load of hillary literature though, you fucking nitwit?
why would he want hillary literature eddie!?
look at the friends
i rly tweeted quality content
this man stays reminiscing cuz he knows they will never win again
don't be mad...we getting another one soon
. praises "resoluteness" of people of new jersey and new york
the sheep will go back to grazing as long as you pet them and sing softly!
i still have it in :) good times :)
wb the ball?
nyt: federal prosecutors say chris christie knew about bridge lane closings in real time.
so is hit wrong for us to say lock him up
oh shit my class got canceled!
this bish shoulda told me before i climbed up to lomo
really want to do another photoshoot for my birthday where the photographers at tho ?!?
hit my bookings email
woodman pulls gopro's new drone, karma, out of a rucksack. the arms and landing gear fold up. stabilizer removable
rucksack=backpack for yanks who follow tim.
that was not what we were discussing it was trumps comment &amp; hypocritical position on guns
hillary never said she supports overturning the 2nd amendment or taking away guns. trump's comment incites violence.
breaking: i'm hearing from sources screaming on the subway platform that "a-rabs" are responsible for the explosion in chelsea
"and it's been this way ever since bush was president," sources say
at the new trump dc hotel, room service delivers koran, prayer rug and compass pointing to mecca.
you might explain it to your good friend hillary, if you have the brain power to comprehend what im!!
okay so? who's taken more terrorists off the battle field trump or clinton be honest
created these terroists
should've dropped her cup
i wasn't about to try to get my ass whooped by her
he's not even on the mets. and we both know he won't make the team and is just there to sell merchandise.
but there's no negative to the signing. yeah seems like a joke, but if he falls flat and only sells jersey, no loss.
there's this kid in my class who deadass brings a suitcase, so glad i'm not the one doing the most for once
you don't know his life. you don't know what he goes through. you don't know how he likes his cereal.
should've dropped her cup
she was kinda scary
confession time? here's what i got quantum cascade lasers i~open~sourced a-plot a private dic~tator now we call the shot{s}
*...it showed that the universe must have begun with a singularity, if einstein's general theory of relativity is correct...*
we're also very very lucky that the attackers tried to use explosives rather than guns.
exactly, dear lord the must be very disappointed.
the truth always comes out. racists can only hide and obfuscate for so long!
trump did a good job by bringing racism back he's not presidentially equipped
yes, esp. overseas. helps alot when friends w/ discriminating tastes have already eaten somewhere.
yep. also, all the locals use it. only place to actually get local tips
'love trumps hate' is a lousy phrase, politically, linguistically. it turns trump into a powerful action verb -- the hero of the sentence
nice close reading, tim -- in an election where great violence is done to language daily.
miss running around nyc and ending up at various hotels with u
chuck bass hotel cocktail bar tho
hrc said today that trumps rhetoric is a recruiting tool for isis. what is the solution offered there? don't be mean to isis?
said t's rhetoric on muslims (not isis)is being used to recruit. it is. message is dont equate isis with all islam=racism bad
"when i came up, there was no one who looked like me." -
. is ready for women to and join her in albany!
i need to see the design on diamond cards pls it's taking so long
tell me about it
wowwwww another one... too close to home!!! bomb in secaucus??? smh when will it stop? we need peace in the world. this is ridiculous
where in secaucus?
hi, nice to meet you today in person lololol
omg i know both of you
welcome, lucy! thanks for following! we have goodies! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" at
we appreciate your , lucy! visit us for books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music at
per : the 2016 texas defense has given up the fourth-most points through three games in the last 75 years.
one of those opponents was utep with a backup qb. let that sink in.
i could have harrased him more with slide/cmd dash, i could have frame trapped better with terry, and i do-
this thing where instead of taking opportunities i get i end up waiting on something better and losing.
"and it's been this way ever since bush was president," sources say
counterpoint from another train platform pundit: "if we'd leave them alone, they'd leave us alone"
love,love the boat
mine make noises like that when they are swimming. he looks awesome! :)
i think about this tweet maybe once a month
lol - i had totally forgotten about this
read the rise &amp; fall of the third reich, know tons about hitler. relatives who were in conc.camps= .
and you are ok with casual anti semitism? i'm calling bs
thank you notify nyc, this image *is* awesome
guys it was me, i caught him
the mental gymnastics required to be a lib are truly impressive.
don't you just hate when someone uses trump's words against him?
happy monday
gorgeous view!
shared a wonderful video to urge americans to save americanism.
i am getting a message that the media cant be played :(
thanks for this wonderful opportunity to spread the word about humane science education!
it was a pleasure to have you on the show!!
and i just saw there is another cbs part 2 tonite 2 more hrs!!
i missed the first two. i have to check and see if they are on demand.
let me know where it is!!!
i snapped ya!
why do you want to make america great again? america is already the greatest.
exactly and we don't need donald trump
140 years, 140 characters. reply by 1pm est for a shot at 1/140 products-must be following to win!
i need a new bissel because i have these 2 crumb-making machines!
i'll concede that it does have some good performances and production values despite being the world's dreariest d&amp;d campaign.
"besides the very good acting and unprecedented technical mastery, the show is not very good"
: prosecutors: christie knew about bridge lane closings as they happened
did he know why? that is the question. would you give him a chance for lying like you give hillary? you are just a hack
everyone was friends before the houston hangout. everyone.. now it's war, we gotta blame houston
dawg the funniest thing about it is the whole hangout shit wasnt even really gonna be a thing at first it was jus a joke
best profiles will be the ones with italian/chinese/indian food in the same pics and trying to figure out which one u picked.
or you could group date as a food festival
who wanna sell me some food stamps?
its the 19th when you find some let me know!
you going to go to trampa?
my last webster night before i move! of course
hey kids! this is what happens if you toil away making really useful open-source libraries, like .
to be included in the presentation of cs101 intro to programming, before explaining compilers...
(sorryaboutalltheartbookpromosorryaboutalltheartbookpromosorryaboutalltheartbookpromosorryaboutalltheartbookpromo)
no apologies, dude, it looks sick! if that was all i had to stare at in my feel, i'd be a happy man! ;)
or... walking it off
neosporin and a bandaid
a peek inside the buoy slack
i guess y'all ain't slacking on making name changes. ...
and then they'll take that money and most likely not invest it back into making the team better
that doesn't even make any sense that's just a yankees fan taking a baseless dig
left the house not realizing i'm wearing a full on groutfit, i guess it's one of those days
groutfits are the essence of fashion. don't let the h8rs bring u down.
i'm sure donald is seeking our sage advice:)
lol! right?
the problem with making more and more gun laws is it doesn't reduce gun violence. chicago has a total ban on guns.
you can easily buy guns in neighboring states or on internet with no background check done, then use them in chicago.
hillary clinton directed it company to alter, fabricate, forge personal and government emails to protect her
how can comey say there was no intent when this is revealed. her intent was to deceive and obstruct justice. he needs 2 resign.
jesus was on your side this fine morning
i know! i even thought about ditching and i was like "no i have to go"
: giveaways are the reason for the madness... these angry ppl could be a lost generation due to welfare schemes...
oh no, we buy out the welfare state. initiative pays for itself pennies on the $$
the first week w/ new teachers was always a whole thing. luckily i had parents and a few administrators who got it
i didn't stand at school and nothing bad happened, but my dad usually worked at the school.
yes, but homogeneity is an aspect of the market and it does not work with poetry!
i agree with you, i am just looking on the bright side!
instead of freaking out about trump, this abt this! has observing the universe hastened its end? | new scientist
oh no! and now you tweeted about it and so we're going to die sooner! and i made it worse!
4 bombings and 9 stabbings in 24 hours! but remember what hillary told us! liberals are brain dead !
president obama and hillary's policy of unvetted refugees over and above american'ssafety is the cause .
ahmad khan rahami alive but injured, loaded into ambulance in linden
whew, i guess san bernandino showed us how to see and say
.: "the fbi is investigating the minnesota incident as a potential act of terrorism."
potential? lol he only yelled alla akhbar while he was stabbing everyone. to u it will be work place or domestic violence
hillary loses mind, accuses trump of giving "aid and comfort" to terrorists.
she's deflecting cause of her own incompetent failed policies!
tom brady has never eaten a strawberry in his entire life. interviews:
now, that's news!
lagging on your own host? now that a new one
it happens ... ur retarded u been playing cod how long ? and you don't know that
the first week w/ new teachers was always a whole thing. luckily i had parents and a few administrators who got it
sad that it's a punishable offense
liberals love the first amendment until you say something they don't agree with.
you must really hate the word 'united' in usa?
there you go again, antwan, being a good friend! thanks for the ! we have music, books, photos:
we value your , antwan! visit us for good books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music at
he ripped my pants once.
no i didn't i tried to fix it i was drunk
current mood/agenda
although, in fairness, not quite accurate to sing "they just use your mind / and you never get the credit." when we're bylined
.: "your generation is the most inclusive, progressive and entrepreneurial that we've ever seen."
i heard that said about a ugly hooker. the pimp got slapped in the face.
read some youtube comments about me today. people are mean and cowardly on the internet, but no one says any of that to me in real life
love me some haters
ok people. donald trump went broke 4 times running casinos in a boomtown. not that easy. can we stop calling him successful?
he was successful at ripping people off for their money but as a businessman he's disgusting what will break up
they're killing everything including google trips
let's blame everything on millennials because they cause every problem in society
thee legendary harry edwards on the growth of the movement in locker rooms.
hopefully we can also talk about 67% of blacks being raised in a single parent home. devastating 4 any kid
golly there seems to be investigation going on in a reasonable atmosphere minus trump noise. who wants that in the wh?
trump is encouraging more attacks. shameful
it's because when you start chipping away at something, it doesn't take long before it's gone and criminals don't follow laws
slippery slope argument is false in that no one is calling for overturn of 2nd amendment. just reasonable background checks.
eastern michigan kicked off from the 20 yard line due to several penalties
what would have happened if there were 2 more penalties and the kick off was inside the 10? where does rec. team line up?
u can plan a pretty picnic but u can't predict the weather
you actually can that's why u go on the weather channel
give one example.
obama was born in africa. i got his birth certificate, oh ah. contragate, the weapons of mass destruction? more?
look at her tweets. another liberal sympathizer. she can join him in waterboard city for being dum
and a shining example of what i meant by saying the rt's and responders were generally racist
new: linden, nj mayor says ahmad rahami found sleeping in hallway by bar owner; police called in, recognized him.
let's put him to sleep for good!! is what he needs.
trump: racial profiling may be necessary
i agree, those slovenians need to be watched
fwiw, duke has played two games against fbs opponents (wake, northwestern) this year and scored a total of four touchdowns.
i'm afraid to think that stat could explode up against our d.
if only you were here we'd be going ape shit
next time i'm in columbus i'll bring some eggs. i know a lady i can get them from in bulk.
i was dreaming of potentially not having divided government!
given the is a lock &amp; the only possible unified gov this cycle is , i think u want divided government.
"your back is inappropriate"
that's such a cute dress
this is what muslims are doing to christians. the true africans fight for their lives, thanks to bho, hrc &amp; kerry
blood on their hands, and the medias also.
apparently black people r "turning 2 trump" also, they must mean to vomit because this "polling" is bs:)
i smell bs too. in normal polling black/brown are polled at 12% or less. all of a sudden there is a high % blks for trump. nope
happy born day toma !
i was wondering what you screenshot thank you my kodak partner all summer 16'
the tuxie guard gathered to protect . &amp; . from all things bad
lol, the sentinels!
the first week w/ new teachers was always a whole thing. luckily i had parents and a few administrators who got it
did we have the pledge in hs? i can't remember.
out of toilet paper?!?
dr at b'way &amp;111 is the worst.last time it was out of bleach for over 4 weeks!your ceo visited &amp; finally got me some
"profile notes let users add brief notes [on] people they follow - to remind them why they did so in the 1st place"
curious, do you use tweetbot primarily?
nah on some real shit retweet this cuz i got bills to pay
you damn near retweeting your own shit. let the bitches do what they want!
we will work with our allies to end radical islamic terrorism and make america safe again!
this is all just talk. yak yak. chatter. what is the plan?? we are already working with our allies to end terrorism.
i must say, terrific law enforcement work to identify the ny/nj bombings suspect and take him into custody in less than 40 hours
and they captured him alive so as to get more info. outstanding work guys
he probably has your old job lmao.
there's bombs down there he can have it
. is back with a 17% efficient flex module, attacking bipv market that could be $19bn by 2019
lolololol "stealth"
some news: we've built an incredible team at bloomberg, and the best is yet to come.
congratulations! you have a head for innovation.
people are getting tired of spending on crap pack odds mut is all money
fo real i spent about 400 and packs and i only pulled 8 elites
we love to see ss collaborating on ! what concepts is this activity teaching?
it is the engineering design process-ask/imagine/plan/create/improve
take dick pics next to your optimum remote and notice it's not too far off in size
more like a hockey puck
i don't follow your twitter to follow your instagram. i follow your instagram to follow your instagram.
sassy matthew is back.
lmao that's why it's so funny
lmaoo once he realized ppl were actually fuckin with it he decided to pull the trigger and here we are now
yeah - friend faces on places is best feature. goog will grab soon i'm sure. crucial info
tbh i will forever review places on google maps for that free storage
seeing tons of tweets about new gopro cameras/hardware &amp; feeling very out of touch. with better phone cameras, is the gopro market solid?
i was thinking the same thing. i guess it still has a market for sports but rather cumbersome.
&amp; cutourmilitary budget&gt;he renovatesislamistmosquew$
putting islam1st &amp;hesayshe's islam&gt; =death via
the pass rush is better. i'll give you that. already have about a fourth of the sacks they did last year.
i think it is amusing that our secondary laid a huge egg and we aren't talking about ed reed lol
ahmad khan rahami's family should have to pay the entire bill of his medical care and that of those he injured.
we dunno if his family were involved in the plot, he's a grown man and responsible for his own actions.
there's a shocking twist as the final fire is put out. 9:30pm.
attention star is out
i support the africa repatriation movement! they need to go back to their african homeland
obama had 8 yrs 2 remove marijuana from the dea schedule 1 list - instead created more restrictions.
hey vic! should never be disappointed! not satisfied? let's change that. dm us, you've got options. *whitneyj
just dm'ed you guys. let's see what we can work out
i'm sorry, i didn't realize. thought it expressed fans feelings. i will remove it.
i totally understand, thank you...
our ed lise kingo closing out the morning session with a shout out to the youth engaged with
it was such an insightful session. thanks to all this morning
i just installed rescuetime to start tracking this stuff.... but i haven't found a good blocker yet, let me know if you do!
i was gonna say headphones
don't bring a narrative to a bomb fight
it's a good thing the obama administration wields some pretty powerful !
my hand is broken not my arm
then ima break your arm
i am grateful for the follow, nino! good luck! visit us for good music, books, great photos, ideas at
we are grateful for the , nino! we have goodies for you! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" at
at emily's list event in ny says female candidates "have to be perfect to hold a position of power. men just have to be breathing"
. also says she could talk for hours about trump's "outrageous comments, outrageous beliefs, and yes, his hair."
the pass rush is better. i'll give you that. already have about a fourth of the sacks they did last year.
i hope the team can put it together though
if only go 7-6 in last 13, have to go 10-3 to tie.
i want to take down the orioles in this series.
this is what tf i mean
jewish people are still getting anti semitic hate to this day tf you mean they're not struggling.
tbh i will forever review places on google maps for that free storage
how much storage do you get out of it?
you figure a shit load of hillary literature though, you fucking nitwit?
hillary doesn't appear in isis propaganda and recruitment videos. she doesn't inspire &amp; radicalize like trump can.
what we know about ahmad khan rahami, the suspect in nyc, nj weekend bombings, so far
did i hear something about him having a hillary/kane bumper sticker on his car?
2,247 rt : 2,248 rt : 2,249 rt : 2,250 rt : i got 2,251 followers. i would win 2,251 fights.
2,246 rt ": 2,247 rt : 2,248 rt : 2,249 rt : 2,250 rt : i got 2,251 followers. i woul-..."
the main problem is the writing. the flat dialogue, structural shapelessness and thematic incoherence.
hmmm you raise an interesting point to which i say.....dragons
my nigga that's a source of income lmao
how you know these bitches ain't tryna become social media models and feed they kids!?
they don't make wood like they used to
the houses they love have 24 rafters. today most are at least 28. that's one example of many. this man is an idiot.
need a way to get in, can't smoke/drink/do other things considered unhealthy.
wow, and all you need is christian providers to take less.
does that include saying "radical islam?" because there is nothing wrong with saying that. trumps "muslim ban" was nonsense ofc
no? carpet bombing, religious bans, killing families, you know trumps rhetoric...
this is bomb sniffing dog in action. see how they investigate re plosive devices on
is that jim mennino shooting a dog?!
&amp; why small press is so necessary to the advance of poetry
what do you think of my poetry?!
ahmad khan rahami, suspect in ny &amp; nj bombings, seen being loaded into an ambulance
please, you ask so many people, when all the answers were from mayor and asst. police chief of linden nj. and shown 20 min bf on wabc
i'm the most anxious and nervous person ever, but i just helped my cousin get through a convulsion..
that was so hard..telling someone to breathe and calm down while you're freaking out inside
hold up: the mascot for john jay college of criminal justice is the bloodhounds? hell yah
more mascots need to be on the nose like that
also, last december donald trump said christie "totally knew" about lane closure scheme
btw, has anybody vetted trump? whoever that was: you're fired!
if it's a business trip, shouldn't the workers get paid?
facts and logic, maggie.
today's notes: 1. bad back day. 2. dear god why haven't i been using starbucks' app to order this whole time? 3. deadlines are aptly named.
dieter you should deputize me to get you additional caffeine / snacks throughout the day
hahaha... playing it safe, we can only smile :) :) :)
attention star is out now
either you believe government has your interest first, above theirs (vote clinton) or believe it's time for change/clean house (vote trump)
i have a broom that will help.
spice-heads like me &amp; don't gain tolerance for heat, we're more masochistic?
you know, i just don't buy this one. maybe it's true. but there seems to be so much contradictory evidence.
wow! we should know a lot by the end of all this.
i am still really confused. i don't believe burke or parents had anything to do with it.
pmln's gullu butt force attacked on media shamless #_
media deserve this. media had been making innocent mqm's killers n promoting ns's aksari wing/danda force
dear apple: please fire marcel duchamp from your design team
subversive minds think alike
i loved her text tho (and i think i just did it too) lol
the mush is so real
i was wrong about pepe. it has, in fact, become an anti-semitic meme.
its a cartoon frog. we have bigger problems
google inches a little deeper into online travel with it's new trips app
this app essentially brings together a couple things google already does in inbox and maps.
. great idea! songs=great way to get messages across.we've done it for , we'd love to see one on ocean preservation
do consider
that was so hard..telling someone to breathe and calm down while you're freaking out inside
i'm shaking &amp; i can barely breathe..but thank god i was here because it's only me &amp; her...
. has viral today show set. ever thought you did something great but it really wasn't?
singing. dancing. musical i am not.
grabbing a game day cheesesteak at the local "philly" bar. my main honey here better not be bullshitting life.
broccoli rabe is a 10
buyout the welfare state? what does that even mean?
1 of 2 watch "point of light wealth repatriation &amp; tax code" on youtube
yes, i'm here, in the auditorium. perhaps after vp speaks, we can meet?
yes! i'm sitting in the right second row
i see this corgi every morning at my bus stop and i just can't contain my tears of joy
imagine having one:
i know for sure there are athletes/professionals who are already laughing at 4k @ 30. doesn't mean much for most people tho
who'd want to push 60 out of a gopro, i'll take the extra light any day
prosecutors in 'bridgegate' trial say chris christie knew of plan to snarl traffic
now let's prove it. call christie to testify.
peeling the tape from my greyscale project is officially the most satisfying thing i've ever seen
crisp as hell
ap analysis: as north korea faces more sanctions, some assumptions may need another look.
what is your motivation here? promote the little shit, defend communism or just doing what dems told you to do?
ignore the caption . but this is just a "small" plate of nachos . so feel free to stop by on bullard and palm!
that looks pretty fire
... you different my friend
my foot jobs were elite
my new sounds: m ghana ft zizibo (prod. by jjbrown) on
attention star is out
do you have a girlfriend yet if not, can i be it. my sex drive has come back since i started following you again.
ew you really think this is a desirable offer he'd consider? "yes, ill take a despair with a side of vd. "
this app essentially brings together a couple things google already does in inbox and maps.
it pulls all your bookings into one place, as well as recommendations from friends. you can set up itineraries and download for offline use
where's the delete button?
too late to go back
50 days to go. don't miss hillary live from :
go hillary we are
so beautiful, looks like if gas metallic threads.
this one is so soft. i filled it differently so it's fuzzy and so soft.
what do you think of my poetry?!
six of my new poems
i finally caught up on rpdr!! i cannot believe alyssa got sent home. i'm glad katya was saved. detox has been slaying subtly
so sad for alyssa
it's wrong to tear each other down. it's wrong to let income inequality get worse. it's wrong to put a loose cannon in charge.
its wrong to put a known liar in charge,wrong to call ppl,deplorable,wrong to erase emails-
this guy has to go. why is congress and the senate letting him get by with it.
they letobama get away w it cause they're all withhim he pre planned his whole int'l board game to islamitize
so we went back into time, before the invention of the light bulb...!!!
yyyyyeah. nice to have a discussion with a real scholar. k bye.
dexter is having a very happy ! what are your cats playing with today?
mine got a new toy from petsmart! very excited!
i haven't seen them falling down &amp; passing out, in fact there's video of bernie running through the airport
hrc passed out in public, sustained a concussion from a fall, stumbled onto a plane &amp; needed assistance up a few steps
explosions in new jersey and new york, and a stabbing in minnesota. are you hesitant to go to public places?
yes. i live near the chelsea site and i am terrified.
i.e. treat california gdp as our credit score. at the $2b number it looks more like it is targeting particular current projects.
got it! thanks much. -as
it made me feel hot and empowered and superior honestly. it is not my shit anymore but i used to really love it
i could see that honestly
going back to petrides for the 2nd time in 4 days. really not good
better be wearing your elite socks, ya know just incase anyone wants to get dunked on
congrats marly! are you moving to la?
oh no! new york girl 4eva! traveling weekly! thank you!
happening simultaneously- terror bombing suspect ahmad khan rahami taken into custody in nj, while new police commissioner sworn in.
busy morning
what is your motivation here? promote the little shit, defend communism or just doing what dems told you to do?
i see that you have no problem failing the nk people the same way you fail us just to be hack.
well hurry up, we're hungry.
i will kindly take you up on this offer at your earliest convenience
i had a dream that tatianna came back in !
she still might!
. hosted the 68th primetime emmy awards. what was your favorite moment?
his monologue was good at the start of the show.
bought a nice nike jacket today and just realized it had a rip in it
turn that shit and get a new one!
the russian evel knievel ... a skillful jump from the ferry.
-he beat the rush, but at what cost? i hope he survived!
icymi: fraternal order of police endorses trump
of course. he supports their ongoing racist, sexist, violent, xenophobic behavior.
": he's the only candidate that will keep us safe!"
we saw how 4ftrump kept himself safe in 1968 by getting his 1a draft status reclassified to 4f.
kerry washington's head looked fantastic last night (as usual). her dress was more divisive:
edit: her dress was more divisive (as usual)
waht did say on ? hotel didn't carry it...
. mainly said that after saas and paas now we are focused more on iaas, he called that, an extension of existing policy.
unpaywalled from issue 26: deep cleans new york apartments.
fix that cert tho
it pulls all your bookings into one place, as well as recommendations from friends. you can set up itineraries and download for offline use
also of note - it generates its own itineraries by using maps to figure out popular spots in the cities it covers. very googly
i'm just as upset as the next giants fan for the way the season is ending. it's not over yet.don't tell me that i should stop wearing my hat
all day everyday.
this might be the dumbest comment from a sitting congressman, or anyone, all year.
reminds me of how al quaeda and saddam hussein were conflated to justify iraq war.
does over-hyping contribute to overwhelm?, by via great article!
thanks for sharing my article, my friend cc.
nigga gave you a key, wanna move you out to atlanta, accepting a gay son already wtf you got everything a twitter girl ask for
she either a sorcerer or a unicorn 4 a nigga to be movin like tht but i cnt call it
the weather is sooooo discouraging!
exactly! :(
my monday i-hate-taking-selfies selfie... ...
happy monday!
chuck schumer begins his remarks at emily's list nyc luncheon by coughing: "yes, i am recovering."
schumer: "i always say, women make better candidates than men."
beautiful.ty brother
you are most welcome dear friend.
thanks for following! hope to see you at in november 15-18
i will be there! the team has a big crew
hey eyeliner looks horrible
lmfaooo @ u noticing that
keep ignoring imma cut your twitter fingers off bro
you've been ignoring me since 2013
do they have a point regarding 50-70s buildings though? 70s notably when historic preservation laws written
(ofc that is no reason to fear new construction in 2016)
please tell me more about the sushi burrito place cc:
sushi burritos scare me. but swears by them
traffic is a nightmare, more so leaving!!
thank you for getting back to me, was this a holiday weekend, or is there another reason 4 traffic?
considered it but that sounds painful in sports bras when i would workout
i doubt it! you could just get one nip. a wild tit
hey potential vidcon europe 2017 attendees! which creators do you wanna see next year?
if you are looking for a piano man to bring everyone together and get them singing in the halls, look no further.
:) you'd think that since i've been out of high school for 2 years this childish shit would have stopped.
your telling me rt
omg yes imysm
i miss you too come visit me in nyc we love everyone.
freshmen 15 anyone ?
ur gunna owe me 175
by this logic react shouldn't have been released because what if it becomes popular
i'm not arguing against popularity- and you know that. you argued against it being a defacto standard.
thieves as counter-terrorism tools?
perfect for an skit.
my show on the page starts at 5pm bst and i'm playing shenmue!
you find those sailors, feed that cat, and play some space harrier bruh.
30% worse than being reported- "no one is exactly sure when the will be completely fixed."...
wonder if it's part of crisis being set up before elections...all of a sudden no gas for millions..rationing in some states
or, ya know, i could also order 1 and pay for it. bc it looks like under that blur is some seriously problematic facial hair.
define problematic. (he is generally bearded but shaves it mid summer right before harvest)
there is a presidential candidate coming to ualbany tomorrow, wow this is new....
of course she's the most liberal candidate on the ballot, but hey baby steps
i don't even know... through checks?
maybe one day i'll get it
katherine heigl crossed the queen shonda rhimes &amp; now her ass doing kitty litter commercials. tragic.
i laugh every time i see one air. what a foolish move she made.
i feel like they can't just add another sign after all these years
yeah i think people are just getting bored, so they try and change things lol
until now i've never been called a "microdata fetishist."
not that there's anything wrong with that.
birds of a feather...
lol... stop this.
are you from over seas? because you sucking a lot of goat dick right now
me? i live in california so nah
dont rt me day later unless you want to fight yo!
haha fight me then
this is just wonderful, marly! yay!!
thanks so much my dear friend!
azure serves enterprises well as a good aws alternative. not sure what oracle brings to table, and how long for prime time.
yes msft and goog working hard to build mktshr. what oracle has (like msft) are existing enterprise customers.it is an advantage.
it was a wonderful thing to observe! it also showed me some unhappy things about friends &amp; family, but okay too!
it used to only be philosophical, which is ok but it has become a moral issues that is not.
the game vs meek mill who you got?
the game softer than toilet tissue
our daily newspaper is out!
attention star is out now
we saw how 4ftrump kept himself safe in 1968 by getting his 1a draft status reclassified to 4f.
with a little help from his influential friends.
do they have a point regarding 50-70s buildings though? 70s notably when historic preservation laws written
no. code has grown incrementally stricter over time and ugly is in the eye of the beholder.
define problematic. (he is generally bearded but shaves it mid summer right before harvest)
(also the patch on his chin is gray which is why the blurring makes it look like an empty patch)
til there was a 2002 sitcom called "leap of faith" starring sarah paulson and regina king and we let that die!?
six episodes and nbc cancelled it, even though it averaged 16 million viewers.
they letobama get away w it cause they're all withhim he pre planned his whole int'l board game to islamitize
..&amp;
hello jacob, sadly the is closed due to inclement weather.
oh noes! possibility of opening up this afternoon, or closed all day?
i'm going to need to photoshop you into a pic the day of the bby shower i can't change the date
bro stop....... why omg do it in december or something coo
this might be the prettiest record i own. daisyhead/have mercy split
*uncle jesse voice* have mercy! ...i'll show myself out.
my birthday is on monday. which car should i buy myself?
it's gonna be white on black tinted like crazy just don't know what i want.
earlier today trump accused law enforcement of *intentionally* not going after suspects because of "political correctness"
later reports confirm he is a douche bag.
i don't care much about people being like "shut up" or "this is the dumbest thing i've heard" but now we are getting into "kill yourself"
i'm sorry the internet is so shitty for you.
and with that, coffee all over my desk.
if an unenthusiastic handjob makes /coffee/ go all over your desk i think you need to cut back
ahmad khan rahami is just another one of those peaceful muslims that hillary keeps talking about.
no he is one of the terrorists, duh. but this is what happens when ignorant fear takes over:
when you share something you are really passionate about and someone says, "eh." takes a minute to breathe, smile, and move on.
don't let the bastards keep you down. miss you all!
yinyang @ house of khan. we're yr phylosophy &amp; yr deities! treats pls!
gorgeous and besties!
andrea mitchell just compared hillary unfavorably to trump on terrorism bc he sounds "tough." apparently *sounding* tough is preferable.
hates hillary clinton. period. she does out of her way to continually vilify hillary. andrea is awful.
hey you wanna grow some balls &amp; tell me &amp; mag that were not cool yourself instead of getting your bitch to do it for you?
all you had to do was say we're not cool and this shit would have stopped
"i'm the only candidate in this race who's been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield. -hillary
you can't erase your track record on terrorism like you erased your emails. hypocrite.
great testimony of session : we chose to reduce costs, innovate and being more attractive
brings inapp training
wow just realized kanye's coldest winter is based on that tears for fears song memories fade.
i know this isn't new or interesting but i'm having fun
shilled for george w bush, he has no sense of shame.
right. worst part is he's backing guy who (correctly) lambasted his old boss mercilessly. shows his lack of loyalty
or, *my* religion is good so yours must be bad. hypocrisy at its finest
well said. i witness the face of hypocrisy too often in too many places
these come out on my birthday feel free to get them for me size 7
im letting you know right now lol
i voted for hillary. not sure what you mean by the dnc elected her as our nominee. how did the dnc select her for me?
where have you been? the wikileaks released dnc emails showing they conspired to sabotage sanders' campaign &amp; smear sanders.
well he was in the fsb wasn't he? so it makes sense
agreed. it was just only a matter of time.
jason derulo - trumpets
attention star is out now
do they have a point regarding 50-70s buildings though? 70s notably when historic preservation laws written
the single most unsafe structural method in the bay is unreinforced hollow tile masonry from the 20s-30s.
i want a real date , i know i know i'm asking too much
that's never asking to much. that's what a girl deserves and is entitled to
if you needed a sign that you can get through this week, here you go
can't wait till thursday
little guy pushing a barrel and a snake flautist.
i'll be on the lookout for em
we are such fans! would love to do a book chat!
oh, fun idea! my girlie loves all of the books so far.
we're back furfriends mum has returned from her travels. how are you all? we missed you
hello friend! we missed you!
that's... um. that's quite the interesting response to this joke. okay.
or he's just giving an example of dumpster fire tweet?
that was the only thing missing! thanks for rectifying!
it's a team effort.
.'s to join this fall
amazing news!!! congratulations!!!!
i'm not arguing against popularity- and you know that. you argued against it being a defacto standard.
you're also ignoring the signal boost cra provides as an official project - you make choices popular. chose wisely.
summer, you will be missed! good people and a great time. music by...
we always honored when you guys come through
the black community will be insulting if we don't vote for how about him insulting us?!
it seems to me, he's pretty sure the dnc has permanently subjugated the us population of black ppl
trying to order for a while but it doesn't want to verify my account no matter what code i use... advice?
i just want breakfast! help me!
dems double down on worldview of terrorism as a nuisance being handled, not a growing threat
go back to denying your white supremacy.
im definitely starting to think not and it scares the hell out of me! what's wrong with this country?
ironically trump can be attributed in large part to the press he belittles. they never cared to expose him.
i'm losing too many god damn things this year and somehow end up paying replacements for it, wtf man.
don't let it get to ya!!sending good vibes your way taddy
what dates are you thinking of going??
either the 10 or the 13!!
are we going to get sources for these data points from hurd's keynote?
sources? we don't need no stinckin' sources!
fox news' catherine herridge reports nyc/nj bombing suspect ahmad khan rahami was known to authorities.
has so many "black eyes" comey planning to open their own butcher shop to save money on steaks
waiting for jimmys haircut to be complete
will it look as fresh as your cut?
realizing she had no outfit, scarlett o'hillary took the hotel drapes and fashioned her a new one
looks like the cheap upholstery on a deep discount sofa
towards writing stuff on paper/board and never having to type a latex formula again :).
i need to write a paper with a friend, and my latex skills is lower than the altitude at dead sea
i voted for hillary. not sure what you mean by the dnc elected her as our nominee. how did the dnc select her for me?
and when you voted hillary, you rejected sanders the candidate who polled much better against trump. so trump is on u, not us.
what system?
i have a ps4, but ever since i started working full time i neglect it odee lol
antikythera bones: via
they say the old captain died clutching that mysterious device.
there is a to grow our economy and get americans back to work. learn more at
wish i could be a fly on the wall!
i just voted for inside apple, and you should too! cc:
it looks like subscribing/voting is broken on safari... im seeing 422 in console.
9ice - economy: on -
attention star is out now
. ceo : oracle spends $5.2b in last year on r&amp;d--at 13% of total revenue, highest ratio among all cloud vendors
oracle can make a killing in cloud as long as it understands cloud consumption patterns &amp; realigns salesforce
a cat on a lap is a legitimate reason to take a break from the housework.
absolutely!
.: "we will defend our country and we will defeat the evil, twisted ideology of the terrorists."
the word "will" is future tense and only a campaign promise.in the past and the present the obm/hlry team policies r less sanguine
nah he beating yo ass cause i'm helping
cool. i'll shoot both of y'all.
every little thing he does is designed to funnel money to trump, and only trump.
and yet he wants people to believe that he suddenly will not be the guy he has been for 70 years.
cinco, check the profile ;)
this is america, anthony. speak our official language.
spockasins another great idea from great idea haver bastard keith
hmm whered this idea spawn from i wonder
the mystery items were used during 's portrait session.
would have been my second guess!
donald trump's trade plan could cost 5 million u.s. jobs, pushing country into recession, peterson institute says:
-the u.s. economy needs someone with finesse, not someone who would take out a sledgehammer to deal with it!
happy birthday to my beautiful mother, i don't know what i would do w out her
happy bday yvette!!!
is there a way to randomize velocity/note information when i send a euclidean pattern to my selected tracks?
what environment?
i have only 1 thing to say, fuck obama
very erudite, sir. i concur.
low key savage move of the weekend was having a geofilter at chuck's.
also thanks for taking one of the few good pics of me this weekend
baking for the first time in ages. looks ok. (feels a bit dense and heavy. we'll see.)
was it acceptable?
i could keep going but i think you get the picture.
sorry i annoy buy into psycho trump; he lies with every breath
in what ways are you insecure?
my moon in pisces and venus in scorpio tbh
how is this enforceable on volunteers? what consideration do they get for signing this? scary guy!
so trump is getting people to sign a document to control what they say about him????
: naija for life by on with
attention star is out
let's see gitmo was a recruiting tool now hrc said that trump is a recruiting tool for isis
omg get her to chelsea's apartment for a tune up!
"kd spotted on jetblue flight to boston!"... &amp; jae crowder talking about giving kd the formula to beat the w's...underrated comedy of offszn
nba superstars don't fly commercial lmfaoo
y'all do know there's no such thing as an "original" disney movie right?
like, they're all based on something..or at least draws from another source
always encourage students to have concentrations in stats paired with their other degree(s).
i don't think you encouraged and i? were we not worthy?
umm nothing i said even mentioned racist. just your stupidity and the fact you support terrorism.
smh you clearly don't understand what i meant nor did you read the response in question. have a great day!
brilliant,"latex ocr system achieves around 25% accuracy,our model reproduces the exact rendered image on 75% of ex"
. usage of "attention-based neural machine translation models" in any paper i've seen have significantly improved earlier attempts
if i don't eat once i wake up, i'm a very cranky person.
righttt i don't understand how people don't eat breakfast
the more i think about it, accidentally ending up at that flapper party on governors island is my actual fear
that's way scarier than the pizza rats.
truly disturbing: hillary sleepwalks through reax to nyc bombing via
makes one wonder just how many drugs are in her system? she looked and sounded like a zombie!
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
how did you?
the hell is everyone going on about "ruining the magic" this morning? did a con ban taking your head off in public spaces?
yes, exactly that
keep up the good work , great to see you here at - let's grab a coffee if you have a min or two before you leav
thanks. we can. but heading out now for another appointment with the minister.
"if you guys are conservationists, where are your badgers?"
nice. i see what you did there.
i understand i've had too much to drink when i think i can sing and dance along with beyonc songs.
have you tried taking off your pants? getting an erection? i find when i do that it helps.
imagine if christie were an ally of hrc and a top surrogate for her campaign. she'd be under intense pressure over
hoping christie's spot as head of transition becomes untenable, tho i'm sure trump'll stonewall.
i'm still in it. going to sd for the friday night game i will represent proudly even though padres kicked our ass and swept us
good luck. have fun. represent. maybe we'll go there and sweep them. lol
good luck in the fall with your candidate mr trump! he seems great!!
yeah pro-fracking, corrupt warmonger hillary who helped kill millions in honduras &amp; middle east is so much better.
shut up. lol
it's because i always have it around.
brandon must have a bad unit. many reviewers (including me) submerged it in water deeper than a "cup" for longer. no damage.
huh! i'll pass that along
the studio version of "miss you" is quite affecting and builds to a nice peak. solid trey ballad. their mistake was debuting it at wrigley.
agreed. very nice recording.
lol what kinda shit?
lmaooooo i honestly could if i wanted to lmao niggas love feet
my home office is amazingly, lovely today, wonderful weather on a southern porch.
i would choke on all that cigarette smoke
how can you overcome oppression if you still eating the slave diet the european gave you?
hello! as a , do you know what nutrient may be harder to get on a ?
sorry i annoy buy into psycho trump; he lies with every breath
goodbye now and best of luck with trump.
ive been wounded. heals please! where are the god damn healers?!
*lay hands*
i know this love its grand
thanks dear friend for the beautiful comments.
thanks, best memories were of my mom and i taking our dogs out on the boat together &amp; letting them swim,her newfies&amp; my cavie
i bet her newfies loved yours!
proud of you
thank you !
i mean that's how i lost in the tournament lol
i think i always just took myself out mentally during ft-5s. i'm don't focus each match individually.
alec baldwin
talking indigenous people, climate action and forest protection
"you may have a seafood allergy." "i eat seafood all the time!" "that doesn't matter." me: ... *clutches sushi* nooooooooooooo
well depending on the type of allergy, shellfish sushi might still be ok?
you are simply the best. will you officially be my bestie?
absolutely!! !
why in the hell are we being subjecxted to this moron my god how many times can you say same shit over over over
as many times as necessary to get the stupid to believe the lie
i think i always just took myself out mentally during ft-5s. i'm don't focus each match individually.
in tournament i can always do that cause there's a closer/more finite goal
the negative is that everyone can clearly see what they're doing and further see that the franchise is a joke
sell jerseys and tickets, give him 3 months to see how he plays. he sucks, he goes home. end of story.
nyt front-page story yesterday - the day after attacks in mn/ny/nj: "hate crimes against american muslims most since post 9-11 era."
that would be because bigotry and hate are not the answer!
. ceo : @: "real-time access to information is really critical to our business" across cloud/legacy systems
in age of micro consumption, micro doses of products/services needs to be given.
enjoy the concert tonight! i hope you all have the best night of your life!
thanks adam
obama-clinton ugly grievance culture: ahmad khan rahami family sued police for 'persecution' for being muslim.
they will justify this bombing just because of this-saying they were profiled even though it was for noise and food violations
such hapless journalism as expected!when indian soldiers are killed by terrorists &amp; world knows (incl 26/11) u call it militants!
you need to be ashamed of ur journalism.the state dept said it was a terrorist attack &amp; clear indication of pakistani hand.
i was asking her was she going out with me she wasn't long moving lol
lol, better on the couch!
yup. better get it figured out quickly or else they'll lose this weekend
you think titan d is better?
cellphones in new york city blared on monday morning with the tone of an emergency alert. this alert was different.
was it different?
rain is letting up near citi, but looks like more will move in later, decent chance of at least a delay
thank you so much for all you do
looks like that account was recently created. must wait 14 days in order to start advertising. hang tight, almost there!
ok, i'll wait the remainder of the time
omg i didn't even realize it's been a year
isn't our child growing so beautifully
i need to yack again
you good??
oh no! please email our customer support team at hello.com and they can assists you with this.
hi i need assistance with an order. i emailed on the website and have got no answer. please help
go back to your meal
hahaha.. good ne.. now say something with "donuts" in it...go on.
you figure a shit load of hillary literature though, you fucking nitwit?
typo my bad lol
it's literally a free app
i don't want my account information to be hacked! i've had my account hacked twice already so i'm very cautious
we're in the process of building and releasing an analysis report. this is a graph from that.
great! will look forward to reading when it comes out!
!!! background: christie was us attorney through 2008. baroni was an assemblyman/state senator through early '10.
bill baroni was my parents' rep! came to our house. talked about supporting "enda with the t!"
that's a relief. so i guess it just depends on how much that bloody mary cost. looks expensive, i'm keeping my options open.
he's standing on his front porch so only as expensive as the vodka he put in it (so probably decently $$)
the negative is that everyone can clearly see what they're doing and further see that the franchise is a joke
also $150m payroll isn't very "middle-market" every team up there with them is a legit contender with one exception
before color rush: eagles were first team in super bowl era to wear mono-colored uni, for a 1997 game vs. 49ers.
didn't the broncos wear blue/blue in a 1997 preseason game vs. the patriots?
wait is this a thing? i've heard of robo-tripping, which also sounds weird.
people are weird
well depending on the type of allergy, shellfish sushi might still be ok?
i know two ppl allergic to finned fish, a handful allergic to shellfish. &gt;.&gt;;; good luck!
you're turning into me
i chose to sleep on the floor stop the lies
i'm gonna wake up at 9 am lol
i'll be up at 5am just to open the book for rise of iron, then going back to sleep.be up at 10 am to play fully.
triggered. ad hominem attack launched.
also say hi to pepe
, &amp; enjoy the show tonight!! see you in the other side x
thanks charl
that's way scarier than the pizza rats.
but not scarier than the flying roaches at lex/53rd
monroe county clerk adam bello when a reporter suggested his news conference this morning was politically motivated:
which reporter suggested the political motives?
deadmau5 made the same joke as you in his profile header except with cinco
i've been making this joke since before it was his profile... but i'm sure he has too.
as the 9-11 victims' bill sits on the president's desk. this from cs monitor.
more proof of what our "friend" really thinks of us!
this shell casing from my father's navy funeral honor guard i would put in my suitcase.
make america great again
you're absolutely right! they've never exposed him! but their quick enough to try to expose hillary!
double standard. hillary's not transparent, 40 yrs of tax returns,real medical records, fraud trump nothing-hiding
it would make sense over the above ground tracks could feed the 3rd rail. already 1000 v dc.
from a cost benefit point of view is it a big opportunity or moderate? 58% of system is above ground.
ok so if i need a lightweight laptop with a quad-core processor (current macbook thing is too underpowered, etc) and no new mba.... what do?
wait. for new macbook pros.
bill baroni was my parents' rep! came to our house. talked about supporting "enda with the t!"
there was still no way they were voting for him, though.
you let me know and i'll tan his hide, sweetheart.
i like where this is going
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
we have an open society, not a police state, &amp; won't give up freedom for security you fascist america-hating coward.
that's why i picked him. also, son of a powerful media figure - maybe i should have used james murdoch, but he's old
yes, know! dry reax rarely translate into tweet form
i'm four years old today! happy birthday to me
happy post birthday gorgeous kitty!
there is a damn shortage it is public knowledge giving this comfort to pakistan is just not acceptable
stop this change gaurds at wagah , forever hammer these paaki-dogs , once for all enough is enough jai matadi jai hind
it's the dems who have done that! can no longer be trusted. she knows that, &amp; is trying to become more visible.
it's well known that it first comes from the mouth of the unhinged, crooked, unfit, unqualified monster trump!
a new crunch captain by the start of the season? maybe, maybe not
hey i think it should be 82-- he is a leader in syr both on and off the ice. real stand up guy.
where the streets have no rules via
cops are told hands off
that's why i picked him. also, son of a powerful media figure - maybe i should have used james murdoch, but he's old
and man, i think murdoch is younger than me! cold
well these new gopro products are only compatible with the hero 4 and 5 anyone want to buy a 3+ black?
anyone want a 3??
pls help,they only have till today! many till 12 noon.
23 lives they want to live! pls share!
among other great things about thieves being the new heroes of homeland security is how mad it must make giuliani
they're basically han solo, right?
im done with the media! it's all about the ratings! if they call him out he won't appear on their show or interviews!
trump hasn't has a press conference i 50 days &amp; goes on fox news every day. where is the outrage?
i.e. treat california gdp as our credit score. at the $2b number it looks more like it is targeting particular current projects.
michael just asked your question. hope you heard. -amanda
just watched. you sounded clean as fuck bby. so proud of you &amp; miss you
thank u love
.: "we need a better visa system. let's remember what happened on 9/11. these were not refugees."
why say this;is it a poll tested platitude? most of us regard undocumented immigration as an issue,not a new initiative
i never understood why females wear heels to school
cause they're dumb
yoo thats amazing!! keep up the good work
:) thnx man
how are they satisfying they gross me out its so gloopy
as long as there are no t*rk*y b*st*rs involved in gd
the problem with trying to battle terroroism is you cant really identify it till its already happened.. how do you find it?
well,one way to *prevent* it would have been to listen to our generals when they-literally-begged her not to snuff qaddafi.
guatemalan fashion designer isn't letting down syndrome cripple her dreams. a great article by
thank you!means a lot
besides what makes national news, the shit nycers have to deal w/ on a daily basis would have most outsiders shook.
this little kid ran into me on a scooter and almost blew my knee out then a homeless dude almost peed on me on the same block
darn tricksy spamsters / black hats. looks fine, is evil. i guess they retrieved friend graph via fb to get ?
the spammers are smart or lucky. and i are interacting more than usual as we're both in sf atm. not sure if that's publicly visible.
... then i would hope vp gets fired not underlings. waiting for that day in the 'meritocracy' that is bay area tech. still waiting.
ideally no one is fired, but a pm actually points out where things went wrong.
you know it's bad when you walk into a restaurant with and the waitress says, "oh hey it's you guys again."
s/o to the counter
obama mansplains why america hasn't elected a female president yet
douche bag blew his chance and embarrassed an entire race.
french guyana borders brasil
correct. the 2 border countries in south america are brasil and surinam
that's great
i would barely make any money lol
lacanfora making stuff up yet again....
what did he make up i'm confused
so was this owl sector thing really nothing? is it just going to go away or something?
yup they found a cure and we will lose those buff. i think it was just to help people lvl up factions and crucible up fast
if i do it in december i have a high chance of popping lmao if i change it it'll have to be for a date before the nov 19th
and when's thanksgiving ?
catching up on backlog of , some great discussion! but hey , no love for archer/enterprise in the opening titles?
season 2 will be all nx-01 noises!!
i get it: if you really want a new iphone you should preorder it. but should people who don't preorder be punished?
i dunno man... punished? you got the phone. it's like fast pass at disney and stuff.
why do games on $twtr have to require cable credentials? too bad, it could have had a much larger audience (like me, for instance).
um they don't. they don't even require twitter credentials.
what "cultural enrichment" does no way on earth do i welcome them
needs to explain why she supports illegal migrants!
i'm in a generous ass mood today omg
not a good deed unless you tweet it amiright??
not quite live tweeting, but will be tweeting frequently from over the next few days.
please do! would be great to be able to follow. it would be most welcomed.
that's progress 4 joe 2 change his mind.
yeah, well maybe his handlers are softening him.
god didn't hold back when we made these two
wow my favorites
any more news about the explosion yesterday?
caught their prime suspect
took two hits of the vape &amp; im smacked. whaaaattttttt
send me the video/s
hey ... what does the number 678 and 675 mean?
probably 678lb before 675lb after
having trouble inserting an animated gif into flinto...animation works in chrome and gimp, but wont import into flinto??? any clues?
can you shoot us an email with details so we can take a look? hello.com
just bought a g-raid with thunderbolt2. how do i reformat to raid1 since el capitan wont support raid config in disk utility?
thanks for contacting us! our team is happy to help you reformat to raid 1
yes, but that doesn't explain what you'll provide as a positive alternative. god... this election...
hrc has been playing this stunningly naive from the get-go. she doesn't have nearly enough public goodwill to be on auto-pilot like this.
been 4 days and my mom is still raving about seeing on your feet. definitely made her birthday! she loved her first broadway show!
aww thank you so much! and as for today, resting until i perform tonight for a benefit there's always something... ha! xx
i can't believe marc jacobs is a white supremacist
the meth use didn't give it away lol
angela merkel finally admits that her irresponsible open-door policy has been a disaster.
/ she only doing this because the general con censuses is that germany is fed up with her immigration policies
the problem with trying to battle terroroism is you cant really identify it till its already happened.. how do you find it?
another way to *prevent* it wld be to adhere to/enforce our immigration laws&amp;rescind the permanent stand-down order on the s.border
older essays sort of in this vein focused on federalism - -
good stuff. i am more focused on federal branch sep of power, but fed v state division of power is same intent.
wow, motorolo "storied past" was 150,000-employee co. in the thick of it. now 13,000 dealing with technical debt, trying to innovate
check out dialpad - stand up 5,000 phone in 15 minutes
with "celebrating african music" np: wanna be starting something cc
star is out
do you think changing formation regularly is good for development? or do players need some structure? if so what age?
i would keep 1 formation and change shape as needed. i would explain changes are adaptation of original eg 4-2-3-1 to 4-5-1.
the digital media lounge is at capacity and closed already :( let me know if you need a place to watch from!
thanks! i'm here with work &amp; a vip badge so i'm bouncing betweenmedia area, auditorium and vip lounge
ofc - we're doing all the parks :)
oh we're? :o what have i been missing?
i haven't washed a pair of pants in years
dry denim? do you freeze them?
"if i hadn't retweeted you... i wouldn't have loved you at all"
and i'm a part of that tweet!!
good but seriously so fucking happy the day is here booo
thanks so much babe i'm so excited
thought experiment: what conditions have to be met for faa to reverse the note 7 ban? every defective unit returned? means never!
more worried becomes broad battery issue since the risks are real. seems like certification qa/eng work to be done broadly.
. ceo : says oracle cloud helps across company: from to hiring world-class talent
1) nobody argues with that, oracle does a great job with systems of record systems,
how are you people using your and your friends bitmojis in your snapchats?? tell me immediately!!
if you send someone a personal snap that has the bitmoji connected then you get both
holy fuck how many places did you review
300 tell no one
the 3 samson sisters with the beautiful amazing . we love ya! thank you.
beauties!!! such a pleasure having you xx
dude it smells like weed in the girls bathroom lmao
srry u know me n my bean friends just having some fun
someone should ask hrc if she believes veteran al qaeda operatives should be freed in order to close guantanamo.
or if they can then return to one of our sanctuary cities as an undocumented migrant or refugee
trump's nyc bomb boast: "i should be a newscaster because i called it before the news":
typical. what a stupid vainglorious doofus.
we super did but you were there a year early and w the construction some classes didn't have announcements
i'm also really good at being distracted. large possibility i saw a squirrel at pledge everyday day for 4 years.
rude reminder received this weekend of life writing online. major publishing hub gets sent down. those back payments? whoosh. they're gone.
feel your pain...
any better?
new hbo series featuring pogba
the problem with trying to battle terroroism is you cant really identify it till its already happened.. how do you find it?
another way to curtail it now would be to call terrorism what it is &amp;reinstate surveillance of mosques known to be linked to terror
if i could eliminate one thing from my brain it would be knowing that roaches can fly
i moved out of ny bc more than once, on my way to murray hill, i was attacked by flying roaches @ lex/53rd.
"do you want me to teach you how to do a search? okay, let's do it" - literally a thing just said to a room full of 24 year olds
it costs like $95/search so it's a little different than just googling (free though when you're a student).
true. but someone doesnt know how to let people know how they feel in a situation. and lets things blow up
clearly because it's made to seem like all this was because i liked him and he never showed he liked me back lol
sounds like you had some kind of wonderful time, ross! which songs from the show were your favorite?
i loved the reprise of "will you still love me tomorrow" and of course "natural woman," as did my friends from new zealand
.: "we will defend our country and we will defeat the evil, twisted ideology of the terrorists."
we will just bring them here, feed, clothe, house them and give them the vote! idiotic!
nice set tonite! lots of laughs!
thanks, felt prettttty good
our mcm for today is that guy who makes it seems so eazi to drop hits back to back ....
star is out
i'm sure we have the 32nd ranked defense in the league. cleveland d is better right now
oh hands down we do. some how it's the 33rd lol
stable? she voted for the iraq war and wants to go to war with syria. and the majority of the country hates hillary.
oooh, we are so afraid of your playbook! madam president hillary clinton
talking indigenous people, climate action and forest protection
i started to learn about biotransformation and ecofeminism transformation from indigenous people.
possibly dropping the last week of sept. but more likely oct.
went today, they had no idea, allegedly yesterday was the release but not on their site either
word, same. the ps4 has better graphics than xb1, but xb1 has better exclusives g! lol
i feel ya bro. i've been team sony since ps1 tho, i don't think i'll ever switch
should be posted on our website. let me know if you can't find it
hey zach, been checking all day -can't find anything from last nights 10pm news. if you could send the link that would be great.
water resistant tho
lmfaooo touch
hrc has been playing this stunningly naive from the get-go. she doesn't have nearly enough public goodwill to be on auto-pilot like this.
she has no idea how to highlight her strengths as a shrewd, efficient tactician, so celebrity apprentice guy can now get by on just novelty.
i'm hoping for a water/ ice hehe or a evolution split between night and day like rockruff
yeah same tbh hoping for one to be water/fairy and the other being water/fighting :p
my aunt just texted me and said "kayla matt looks like tim tebow " i was like gurllllllll old news i know
you shoulda added with a mixture of ellen degeneres
i love when it rains and i listen to beach house and begin to feel every emotion i've ever experienced in my 22 years of living
can relate.
yea you were giggling and squirming during the scrubbing part, i have to try so hard not to kick them
that is one of my biggest fears haha
im at mcdonalds during breakfast hours n so many people are getting milkshakes. this is how they keep the proletariat weak. open ur dam eyes
queen of mcmarxism
"paint me like one of your frank girls"
i've covered wrs you know.
can not tolerate . rather ride in silence for 8hrs!
yo, bob, you can't find anything else sport-wise to listen to? are you kidding me? lebatard rules!
clinton: "i'm the only candidate...who has been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield."
u lying piece of work
part of the funny subtext in this article is that tao's food is notoriously awful
relatedly, this total demolition of tao is still one of my all-time favorite food reviews
rucksack=backpack for yanks who follow tim.
also must watch re:rucksack. from trading places
that would be a "pack of lone wolves"??
hahaha cnn is so irrelevant!
and titi you buggin, lil mo's in bk serves pho on weekends. might be the best i've ever had
really?! lil mo's pho was just ~okay~ when i went. the wings are bomb tho and also beside the point.
the appletv wasn't setting up homekit properly. i finally fixed it by logging in /out about half a dozen times. working well now.
ouch, that's the same bug i ran into. sorry to hear it still happens in production.
i'm looking for both what ever come first
prolly be cheaper by ya school unless u got brooklyn rent or what chu do is u n calvin get an apt n boom
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
more than 800 immigrants mistakenly granted citizenship this needs 2 stop!only u can do this!
she looks like shit. her act in front of the benghazi coffins might have looked a tad more realistic with this face.
shape changing aliens require time to regenerate. you just cant wake them up in the middle of the night and expect a good looker.
ps when did kevin shoot up ? lol
so true!!! we had a blast yesterday. thank you!!!
need to cut a deal with a lion blood for your signature collection, &amp; t-shirts
and i'll only take 3%
i agree w this but ur white lmao
i know. it's a joke. like.
dc is a good city for pre-dates, dates, post-dates. whatever the youth are calling it. smithsonian &amp; chill is always an option
smithsonian &amp; chill the wave forreal
2 fast 2 pious?
they've got 95 theses but a snitch ain't one
. ceo : says oracle cloud helps across company: from to hiring world-class talent
2) systems of innovation with are new opportunity where most $ r going.
happy birthday ! :3
oh hey, happy birthday sir!!!
you are now watching with mr. ghana himself .
new tune star is out
wow; not a small plane.
the tail looks like a shark fin rising over the waves terminals at an airport. watch as they taxi out next time....
so far this year, 699 wildfires (below avg) have burned 299,311 acres (near avg) of national forest lands in california
so below avg fire season to date?
as law enforcent declares prime suspect no word on whether 5 nj based afghans said to be arrested in brooklyn are connected
yet another lone wolf.
the one thing that will turn the bros on bernie: asking them to vote for a *hushed voice* woman.
why are you still shitting on bernie supporters (code for "young people")? you're dividing the party even more.
simply caring is not enough. to drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws.
those that need to promote their actions seeking a vote are normally lying about it.
many young athletes joining colin kaepernick's national anthem protest
they draw attention to a problem but they do nothing else the youth need to take decisive action to take back gov
lovely evening at the with my amazing husband
you look beautiful and i am in love with that dress! (and i guess michael looks okay too ;) )
this is based on true events rembrandt was invited to the grindr orgy then fell asleep or something
they asked me if i minded if they were partying and i said "maybe another night"
what i'd give to be there(not for obama) just nyc, must be great working in the city
... always something going on
i really get annoyed when my phones harassing me to do an update. relax apple &amp; all apps i will get to it when i'm ready
story of my life lol
clinton: "i'm the only candidate...who has been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield."
u want to destroy america so u can rule by letting syrian in my country
within 9 mins, he went from praising law enforcement to saying they failed
he is irredeemable. everything has to be about him. everything. .
i think this would be a "mutual admiration and menting of all the women at event" count me in
i want in!! me me! please!!!
this just popped up on my tl again hashtag get it girl
you love hurting people
the good thing about new york city street thieves - they steal any loose item within minutes.
the terrorists must be frustrated with the thieves. "ffs leave my bomb alone! can't turn my back 5 mins before someone steals my bomb bag!"
i started to learn about biotransformation and ecofeminism transformation from indigenous people.
indigenous people are environmental champions, i commend the work of my friend who is relentless in his passion
it would be amazing if u could support our growing pro-women group and post your tweet also at ?
please feel free to retweet me!
spent a great afternoon at ! thank you a great sunday! i wish every day was so bike and walk friendly!
should have had a twitter feed for this. was there for the heroes ride in the morning
this just popped up on my tl again hashtag get it girl
i'm gonna send you a crate of figs
why are you still shitting on bernie supporters (code for "young people")? you're dividing the party even more.
i get that being a snarky asshole is the only thing you can do (your political analysis is elementary at best), but stop.
"paint me like one of your frank girls"
i've covered wars you know.
kelechi no mind esther. she is in govt! lol
lol.. abeg give me the source of this your tweet na...
2 homeless men found bombs, saving lives, mayor says
i hope they are rewarded fordoing this-glad they didn't get hurt when they found it! wish i could buy them dinner!
twitter used to be fun. now it's all sensitive pussies &amp; politics.
speaking of "sensitive pussies" sup?
you must have hated weeds
didn't watch it lol
hey, i just wanted to apologize for last night. i said some cruel things in the heat of the moment and i am truly sorry.
i try to not drink and tweet. lol.
"we see no connection" betw stabbing attack in &amp; bomb threat/explosions in nyc &amp; nj, per president barack obama
but you know that isis will take credit for all attacks,whether they had a hand in them or not!
updated to ios 10. perspective zoom is off for my home screen background but it still moves a little bit. they just can't resist.
hm. mine doesn't. you do this?
yeah, cat lover. that's a big plus
she has blog too!
is there a way to set up 2 routers on a network such that router b is still accessible to directly connected devices if router a is down?
what's causing outage on router a? shouldn't be so flakey that internal networking is failing.
they asked me if i minded if they were partying and i said "maybe another night"
im really proud marc graduated from coke to meth
at least it doesn't blow up
this year's phones are lol
i've literally been wondering for months lol
i yelled at chrissy to tell me haha
obama lectures press in first remarks on weekend attacks, doesn't call ny bombing terror
the guy is quick to lecture us while letting the enemy continue with their coward actions. what a fraud
i found a real prince charming! who gave me a hermes tie! not a hooker giving out h&amp;m ones to tons of boys!
that one sounds like a keeper!
congratulations on making the 25 best classes in as chosen by :
thank you, we're thrilled!
i know bro too funny
the biggest trip out of my life
trump: arrogance personified!
deplorable period!
the pic was a screenshot of albright's phone. albright tweeted it out, lacanfora said he got it from an nfl exec 2min later.
but why with that picture? it's a completely random picture
thank you for adding me to your list, jade. warm regards from to
you're welcome! are those all your kids in that photo? wow! beautiful family!
so, jason aaron's thor run is pretty awesome. i love how he's picked up random items like weaponized mindless ones &amp; silver samurai jr.
it's a great use of stuff he established earlier in other books.
who would you most like to see next year at ? just for fun!
just 4 fun right
what? lost 0:4 to rb leipzig?! this and more in byobundesliga, matchday 3:
hopefully u meant timo werner, tobias is the one that plays for vfb (formerly fca)
saw a girl this morning in uggs.... it's about to be 104 today honey
lol she won't know what hit her
worst defense thru 2 games since like 1967
crazy considering how poor our defense has been in previous years.
indigenous people are environmental champions, i commend the work of my friend who is relentless in his passion
pocahontas was an ecofeminist and indigenous person ... putting into perspective, she fought for land rights, love and life.
i had a proud dad moment when i turned on mickey mouse for rocky and he wanted to watch "fwootball" instead!
'sinthegenes
the pic was a screenshot of albright's phone. albright tweeted it out, lacanfora said he got it from an nfl exec 2min later.
why would an nfl exec send someone that
north carolina's anti-lgbtq governor had a hilariously terrible week:
what is it about the republican party that attracts incompetents like this?
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
go away donald.
bernie sanders is famous &amp; beloved for 2 things: 1. wealth redistribution 2. not using democrat voice
(bernie doing social democrat voice) "i may. not. be eugene victor debs, but. my campaign made. all the milennials red."
we've moved to searching for bloomberg news
and in a rational world, westlaw would be free and open to the public.
yes, they swam 4 hrs &amp; newfies were always so gentle w the cavie
i am glad you have those memories! we need good memories to keep us going, sometimes.
maybe he worked late, or has today off???
he's in nyc
lmfao chachi tho. i wanna get that picture framed in my living room,i tell ya
u know what's coming next
obama lectures press in first remarks on weekend attacks, doesn't call ny bombing terror
best thing this clown can do for america is to hide in a closet until trump tells him it's time to pack his shit
soros family does not even bother hiding its ownership of obama, hillary, and the dnc.
there's gotta be more chobani like businesses importing migrant refugees work force.
happy birthday
thank you kelly!
here's the deal. my generation is socially inclusive, and tired of yours racking up a tab and leaving us the bill.
then become involved take back your gov kneeling raising fist id's the problem but that's all don't wait
seems it's unavailable. do you have a screenshot?
yes here it is
the only ones that are older/ your age be the corporate people (jumin+jaehee)... be a noona for the rest. otl
start playing "replay noona so pretty" by shinee as you play mm lmfao!!!!
who did this????
attention star is out now
white house must work for the trump campaign. what more could he ask for?
we find out dreamers from me dream about killing lots of americans
thank you for having me and this morning! it was worth getting up at 4:30
watch the performance here:
52 was the best lobo story, right?
there was no vril dox though, so it was a bit inferior
garbage time points lol deceiving
u fall outta ur bed this morning ?? i'm sure u bumped ur head bro
history will be made on october 14th people...i'm speaking it into existence, i'm claiming it! i'm about to make the world laugh
make that happen, cause it's ma birthday
make your backend great again
a backend you can believe in
it's getting close anyway me is trying to stay positive
what photo shoots!,? this is what happens when your job depresses you? your fandom suffers
where is he on pass-throughs?
pass-through rate drops to 25 percent in the better way tax plan, soooooooooo...
so now you're saying someone's 'not american.' you can't construct a valid argument
hold your points i hold mines please
in some ways i hope trump wins and y'all have to defend him until he gets impeached. in other ways, i'm realistic.
silver lining of 2016: one worthless crook will get humiliated in november, the other one over the following four years.
lmfao chachi tho. i wanna get that picture framed in my living room,i tell ya
who the fuck is chachi???
worth the wait! thanks to and i ate way too many but they were bomb
bro thanks for setting it up. best tacos by an whitexican i've ever had
hey william! excluding gravy and cranberry, what's the best sauce you've ever eaten or seen served on a dish?
luv sauce. it's .
wackjob jill stein insists trump's less dangerous than clinton &amp; attacks bernie sanders as a dc insider
-jill stein is a strange person with a weird view of the current situation. she proves that we have gone beyond green.
tropical moisture on the way. potential for thunderstorms, warmer temps, sticky conditions.
small % for maybe scattered activity as it looks now .
did they send out a follow-up cell phone alert when the suspect in the nyc bombing was detained?
not that i received.
3. they're both raider fans
lol that too!
we are so looking forward to the next meet up too! can't wait!
9 days and counting!
you ever stare at your selfies long enough you just get tired of how you look
i wouldn't get tired of you
they don't like terrorists who are captured. they like terrorists who win.
sure they and donald trump are not distant cousins sharing the same gene pool?
apple killing the headphone jack is nothing, ~ nothing ~ on how painful it will be to lose the macbook air :(
the new one is better alex
i resent the rumors that i am actually a tiny baby rabbit in disguise.
i know how you feel.
he's relevant again?
always has been to me but he did release a single recently and is dropping an his second album soon
many of the ppl supporting trump are smart, but also calloused, tribal, resentful, afraid and part of his bigotry...
the rise of is the result of ppl taking advantage of resentment.
wide open. and ab dropped it. fantasy owners everywhere:
i took an l in fantasy because ab only got me 7 points and aj only got me 5. the reason i didn't win is bc the best didn't play like it
dean pets only
pleasure calls!
fifth harmony invade post-apocalyptic world in visual for 'that's my girl' (video)
excellent tune star is out
so you're going? you stream? :o
yessir i am going and i stream but i'm not a streamer if that makes sense hahah .
you right, lemme start greasing my hair &amp; wearing brooks brothers more smh
yea meet me on the links we'll see who's more like tiger
at a minimum, this takes one of trump's only/best surrogates off air for a bit, i imagine
will find a way to double talk this one too
omg....and the price is in sterling....what were we like!
trying to imagine using a spoon for this purpose
you did so great! we just watched it here in the studio
aw thank u!! bay area love
london mayor says terrorism is "part and parcel" of big city life. you know, like noisy neighbours &amp; parking hassles
no i don't live in the 3rd world nor do i want too? 1 common denominator in terrorism
hillary clinton's weakness while she was secretary of state, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont:
it was hillary and obama that opened the door for this crap to happen. now we have to deal with it the new norm.
you win over the long run, but in a tournament setting being slow to adjust makes it super hard
abe has always been super methodical and i'm just dumping the meter out on the corner for my homies
well i just read the 7k word thing, so fantastic!
&lt;3 you're the best.
let's be real... yo soft ass never held a gun pussy
turn your location on asap
wow. i have to read this. not a threat though. not on the ballot in all 50-states. not threat other than pals with putin.
all it takes is 2% in the right state she is in on.
these attacks on could work: young people and independent voters love being told to shut up and get in line.
good americans should all respond negatively to being told to shut up and get in line we are free thinking
wish i could track down the original artist of this... google image search is giving me nothing. anyone know?
i think the link is one of the first comments posted?
for $99 u can start opening &amp; closing ur garage door from anywhere. get the here
need a garage door opener, but your products still aren't home kit compatible. the first to have it enabled will get my $.
asking for a friend. don't wanna walk down and back up these 5 flight of stairs. lazy af.
you all suck.
just made a lasik appointment. can't wait to experience normal ass human vision through the magic of beams
20/20 would lasik again
cleaning up my office... hi . :) :) :)
omg, is that older than one of our kids?
. only goes up
but now more efficiently!
we have a republican nominee for president who incites hatred and violence like we've never seen before.
that candidate is you,
for laughs...
attention star is out now
10 versions of ios, and we still can't add or remove contacts from groups or create new groups. yes, i've filed radars.
contact images are still sometimes broken in messages.
the future: 1. office: real computer. 2. road: real compuer. 3. ipads are for children.
my road computer is sometimes difficult to get through the tsa.
where are you headed? our road trip books have driving distances and estimated times listed.
thank you. cuba. need bus/train times to plan. love the book though!
pure fucking dishonesty is the only take away i have from the election this year.
basically. it's so utterly bizarre
cuomo has called him "ramani" four times now.
you say rahami &amp; i say ramani , let's call the whole "thing" off erica
neat! although i wonder how google ads will tie into things. there could be some seriously interesting/creepy ads!
yea i don't doubt that down the road you will have promoted itineraries.
haha wow. not crazy i was saying he guna be cut too!!
literally forgot what kind of player he was until yesterday . awesome yac. huge fan of him
it's one of the talks i'm most proud of. huge thanks again to , , and countless others who helped with feedback.
joel burgess is really good with this stuff huh!
we all know i don't drink coffee to begin with. laura pls.
well then you won't have to drink choco milk and get a humidifier then!! ahahahahaha
minnesota timeline 1. muslim in rage stabs multiple ppl 2. isis claims responsibility 3. obama, a day later, says "potential act of terror"
you may be suffering from obamaphobia. free treatment will be available on the trump train starting nov 8.
this is actually what i looked like in our uber to the airport yesterday morning lolllllllll
i ju5t can't believe all i had to do wa5 coa5t to an mvp blowout and i ruined it at the 11th hour. what an idiot!
take the risk and follow your heart
true. btw, i've been avoiding you all weekend since the sox swept the yanks :( &lt;/3
": he's the only candidate that will keep us safe!"
: how? this is like the kid running for class president promising a candy machine on every floor!
blind/morgan, herrera and pogba is way more balanced than fellaini, rooney and pogba
pogba with rooney and fellaini is basically pogba by himself
i love this boy
he is gorgeous and adorable!
im really proud marc graduated from coke to meth
you can tell by his taste in men now
our hearts &amp; prayers go out to the injured and brave first responders following the terrorist attacks in new york, new jersey and minnesota
aren't you guys kind of late with this. unbelievable!!
hello will the dublin game be on before the celtic game in the parlour on the 1st october do you know :)
no sorry rachel that's a 7.15am ko and we will get in around 6.40 to set up for celtic game.
sometimes when i'm feeling like a lazy pos i remind myself nick kinney changed his entire major because he didn't want to write one paper
i gpnced a class mid semester and stopped going once because i didn't want to do a group presentation.
some republicans acknowledge leveraging laws for political gain
in wi, "...gop state senators were giddy about the ramifications &amp; ... singled out the prospects of suppressing minority &amp; college voters."
... then i would hope vp gets fired not underlings. waiting for that day in the 'meritocracy' that is bay area tech. still waiting.
more like mediocracy (:
i got photo developer on my badlands sweatshirt and it leaves permanent brown stains ugh it's so ugly :(
they're on the bottom so should i
the san gennaro festival tested my patience today. all. those. people. in such. a cramped walking space.
always a fun festival though
i spend on bourbon, go cheap on vodka. and i'm not being fair to my friends bc i consistently get access to some insane wine.
i don't drink vodka except in bloody marys. bourbon ... oh bourbon how i love bourbon.
kind of want chinese food for lunch, but also don't want to blow up the staff bathroom. decisions, decisions.
chicken and broccoli won, my sincerest apologies to the custodial staff.
there's a lot of good bars in babylon and in patchouge !
it's for my 21st tho lol
investigators first id'd through a fingerprint; police then found him sleeping in the vestibule of a nj bar
great job 2 all law enforcement!! can we pls stop talking on news about mistakes bomber may have made!
good morning! i'll be talking to on about &amp; at 8:30.
hi carla. just saw your interview on cbs. congratulations again kelvin
hello will the dublin game be on before the celtic game in the parlour on the 1st october do you know :)
we have a half time complimentary irish breakfast on that day though.
we're facing a candidate with a history of discrimination in his businesses, who retweets white supremacists, and led the birther movement.
you have no right to berate i have heard u &amp;bill refer 2 blacks in derogatory terms
some more location hunting today at the big pit
welsh actor with credentials and acting "chops" is perfect for your film!
wasn't obama just bragging about low gas prices?
thank the obama administration for continue reliance on foreign terrorist oil and killing all the us jobs
they didn't. that's the point. lacanfora said they sent it to him. lacanfora made it up.
my question is why would he even claim that? everyone in the world had access of that picture an i missing something
yes. ill look for the article but that was his stance.
in time it's going to happen , just not for awhile
that's be great. part of the problem is getting the questioner to ask the right question/frame.
on it. you will all hear from me shortly :)
trump reacts to bombings: 'this is only going to get worse'
that being said with his own words he himself won't be able to fix the problem
hillary clinton's weakness while she was secretary of state, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont:
what?? you know to an intelligent person that doesn't make sense. start clearing up some of your lies.
yeah. dense but soft enough to eat. toasted ok this morning too. working on the starter for next time.
if you need somebody to take any extra starter, let me know!
that's all citadel
no it's not lmao stop discriminating! someone stole my card info!
my art professor just pulled me out of class to tell me that my ideas are bad im closed minded and being uncreative and that im a bad artist
who's mans is this , i'll kill them
honestly, get an imac with an ssd (very important) for your desk. keep the macbook for portable writing. do your data work at desk.
this suggestion + 1
no on in the world wants a trump potus except russia and n. korea. ask yourself why. do it now before it's too late.
-we aren't going to get a second chance. president trump, the sledgehammer, would destroy all our progress as a nation.
looking like a very bad day for chris christie
little surprise lies on bridgegate like he lies on birtherism.
wtf i don't even know when mine is oh god
we gotta get our shit together asap
my friend lookin all good and shit in his snapchats and im tryna not to salivate lmfao
yasssss hunty yassss! lol
lmfaoooo i'm dead crying is class
my lil seed a man now
my favorite is a first-time email starting with a subject "re:" dude, i know we haven't been emailing, so stop trying to trick me.
that's a pretty shady move
don't pull up no later than 5 pussy
bet bitch. ima kill you off quickly so you don't gotta deal with your aids
spent a total of 18 hours at the club between saturday and sunday...
i was living vicariously through your snaps
game of thrones biggest winner at the emmy's.
attention star is out
lia always refers to the characters in stranger thing by name and me, a loser who doesn't use names, is always confused.
that's me too. i can't think of anyone's name in stranger things at the moment.
headphones that *time out* when not playing audio. this is going to be great.
so if i pause a podcast for more than 5 minutes, the play button on the headphones won't work.
oh no. heh. my mom just complains that i'm failing to become a parent. maybe easier that way?
my mom is the queen of the unsolicited bad opinion. our moms should hang out. (no they shouldn't.)
oh okay, there's a bunch in the city but i forgot the names
oscar lol no help, but thank you anyways
popcorn the kitten says hi! she has 2 green eyes, but otherwise feels her looks are very similar.
she looks like my first heart cat!
so this is what you call a discussion..rotfl!!! !! what's wrong with u?
no. that's how i talk to people on twitter who don't understand a historic reference. but go on, tell me what a genius obama is..
got the flu, lost motivation... ima get it though i always do lol
dammmmmmm thats crazyyyy , word thats a fact its bulking season !
baroni's attorney at bridgegate trial calls wildstein "a vicious guy, a bully, an asshole and miserable prick "
this is how an attorney talks? what is he a mafioso consigliere?
you can tell by his taste in men now
u didnt need to drag rembrandt like that.
thanks, and social security card too?
also comic sans.
if you're not a drunk ass starting shit you won't get in a fight. it's pretty simple
*applies to everywhere around anyone
i don't usually do this but i felt like it needed to be said
people judge what they don't understand. stay doing you. don't be afraid to be happy based on other people's insecurities xx
uhhh i'm mistaken but do i know you and is this my page or not
i've got 2 get yr attention somehow. i'm trying 2 be your friend. but u still do complain a lot lol
gopro now has a drone: the karma. the stabilizer comes out to be handheld for earthbound use. includes backpack.
if can get software side of things right and expand/augment personal-digital ecosystem, they will do great.
now in canary: shadow editor
the objects are amazing!
as wise guy said before they slower than ricky lambert
chari told me about that haha
the ahsoka tano pop! figure is scheduled to be released tomorrow, september 18, over at ! has anyone spotted it early?
went to queens center mall this morning, they hadn't heard anything yet !
for textbooks,novels etc save $3, $5, $10 at ecampus w/ ~rent a textbook cheap, ship &gt; $59 ~you can...
you can also sell used books back to ecampus shipping!
walking dogs friend calls meet in town for coffee asap everyone knows i'm wearing ignite &amp; t-bar jock
so, so sexy
if you eat, you should join us for farm tank:
wish could be there, but working events in sf. good luck!
trump says on fox that there will be more terrorist attacks. what does he know, when did he know it, and how does he know it? hmmmm
need2wake up &amp;realize danger trump represents; no integrity, no loyalty2 nation, no decency, no humanity, only of $$$$!
rewatched the labyrinth last night. absolutely crazy detailed production.
labyrinth &gt; dark crystal &gt; the storyteller
wow! you've made it to the big time. i wish my life was so hashtag blessed!
we can't all be part of the 1%
you or have a va license?
no but i could get one if needed.
booked our flights to milan and back from vienna! will probably be a bit rainy in nov. / dec. but will be good to see some friends.
go to the san siro!
how ya feeling?
it's going okay. dramatically better but a lot of healing requirements.
hey, what's everyone using these days to test push notifications? besides alcohol.
nightwatch and anger. and the newest releases. of both.
thank you for the vote of confidence
attention star is out
the biggest pussy at the coliseum yesterday...wish we could have gotten a better look at his face...
the other dude had it under control but the idiot in white had to go and sucker punch bruce lee.
amid a new wave of attacks, dems downplay terror
you do realize that getting all scared, panicked, and angry is how the terrorists win, right? learn frm israel.
bed bugs. now what
went with option 5
because if he loses, we're going to everything we can to get him to start paying some taxes.
unfortunately he needs income in order to pay taxes....
next time let me and know!!! we would have loved to come out!
hey! ah didn't know you lived around here. david messaged me about the event on saturday.
minnesota police chief shuts down fox's attempt to fear monger about somali immigrants
ppl like and are going overtime to foment fear &amp; divisiveness. it's the game plan.
lol i don't even know if you have enough time for the stuff you already have planned xd
honestly i'm thinking about saying fuck the akb stuff 'cuz i want more time to work on it.
the fuck is this yessir thing reigns is doing now? sounds even worse than that good guy, bad guy, wet hair guy or w/e it was
all his has is "the look". he has nothing else. poor scripts. poor booking.
can overcome tonight's week 2 games? looks at the likelihood of a comeback:
not from me my team is playing tonight..
possibility they actually have access to his gmail contacts through some app he authorized, or actual hack?
doubtful as then they'd have sent the email via his account for better success? additionally confident in anton's opsec ;)
utep's 7 points they scored in 4 quarters isn't hurting the defensive stats right now, it's the 2 team w/really good qb's
point is that those 7 points across 1/3 of the games get averaged in to that stat.... pathetic showing against those 2 qbs.
apple is a killer content company.
the problem isn't that the ipad can't do work - it's that all of our workflows assume we have a mac.
josh earnest, on isil: "this is an organization that is in retreat."
yes. they have retreated all the way to the lincoln tunnel apparently.
i agree he seems really fake and boring
can't say i am shocked, he seems to have odd ways of engaging with folks (at least what they show on the series)
working on a doc &amp; found this article from 1897. they knew football/concussions killed people. 119 years ago.
but it didn't make the money then that it does now. first they ignored then they covered it up.
well id rather not be stuck leaving webster or stuck in 3 hour traffic for even just a scare dudes lol
traffic was less than an hour going in nd i got back to queens in like 40min
apple killing the headphone jack is nothing, ~ nothing ~ on how painful it will be to lose the macbook air :(
we call that "product market fit."
maybe even a package deal strome/halak for ________ ???
you ok over there?
how do you know ? not in uk then...
he said. he's there for barbour event
i think the game put me in a relationship with yoo sung... i wanted 707 though ;;
this happened to me!! be careful or it ends in bbad end!! if i were you i would just play it out!!
i took an l in fantasy because ab only got me 7 points and aj only got me 5. the reason i didn't win is bc the best didn't play like it
i loss 130 to 139. it's pathetic that mike evans had almost the same that aj and ab combined for when talking fantasy points
i cd see a prob where ppl who dislike homeless phone hotline for everyone, but there really shd be h.o.t. hotline number.
as i said, there is. nobody answering though.
it is inappropriate and cruel that google gives me the option to make a video call to my archaeology prof from freshman year
sure, but it also allows you 2 contact philosophy ta andrew knoll...
shitians whats that toilet less
shittistani went out to shit lol. no toilet at home lol
dis nigga blowing up bombs and gets taken to custody lil kid wit a bb gun get shot dead
don't you think it's smart to keep a man like that alive? he could be working w/ a team of psychos...
totally forgot about that!!! i'm in no rush, it will give you a reason to come visit ;)
my favorite composer (she did the music for sao) is having a concert in la on sat, 1/14 so def would try to visit sunday!
sorry i meant to say after the celtic game!
ah will need to check with parlour owner as bartender doesn't start until 12 normally. get back to you
"time punishes us by taking everything, but it also saves us - by taking everything." magnificent read
"i was forced to admit that beginnings and ends are illusory. that history doesn't begin or end, but it continues"
yup. as i shared implementation plan with client today, i mentioned, as an aside, that we already surpassed their status quo.
hmmm... so you can do individual user pathing matched with pii and customer profiles in ga now?
people are so small minded. why don't we all expand our minds simultaneously
people fear enlightenment
im benefitting from being wrong
busting chops. good for them sticking w him. such a weird team look like they can score at will.end up w 13
my short film the other side of the witching hour will have it's premiere at !!
congratz! pls send a link! thanks to all who subscribed to troma now! this wkend!
if yall go be safe but you wont catch me near the city for a little while
so if something happens in yorktown are you going to move?
lmao thank you for sharing
lmao gotta keep the people updated liz!!!
exactly. warren is now among the worst of them. she is no longer a progressive favorite.
it's well known that it first comes from the mouth of the unhinged, crooked, unfit, unqualified monster trump!
so excite for bk. trying to tailor my set around pivotal city music.
you lived there once upon a time so you can go there every so often
who are you going to call when isis go for you.
hmmm isis busters? there's something strange, in our neighborhood.. who ya gonna call, isis busters...
thank you!!! we always have a ball! please do one more before winter comes.
lol we're gonna try
no, that will taint the narrative they want to sell. i mean, tell.
sell what ?
new destiny expansion comes out tonight
i'll be online (ps4) at launch if you need a fireteam!
this may be one of the more personal speeches we've heard in this campaign - something she says is harder for her to do
keep it up &amp; speak from you heart because we hear you &amp; all in with you!
too much falseness. even ppl who profess to be real and down to earth still project a layer of falseness. even me. buy my posters
subtle capitalism right there
stay up and have a great day anyway elmo
thank you best friend you have a wonderful day too!!!!!
hmmm... so you can do individual user pathing matched with pii and customer profiles in ga now?
i love ga too, but sounds like that client is only using a small portion of functionality available
whenever i tweet abt politics i lose followers. that's ok because trumpers or those gullible enuf to think clinton is devil: u terrify me
why are these the 2 most unpopular presidential candidates in us hist?
hmm - i just tried safari on ios and osx and can't replicate this. anything else i can do to follow your steps?
hmm... i opened clicked vote, entered email, then subscribe and i get
why the fuck are people still making "unboxing" videos? it's a thing. in a fucking box. unless the box is really interesting, come on y'all.
the real question is why are people watching them???
is y'all finished or is y'all done
drop your @
'preciate the question sir. renting may be an option. but owning is more advantageous. ownership of a state is the goal.
i look at it from the perspective of : historically ownership of land may or may not be accepted
get ready to all in one place!
. you are always so amazingly supportive. tx you. hope you'll this year! :-)
share this so it gets picked up by media!!! hillary has no ground game in ohio!!!
that's not fair most democrats have to have their afternoon pot smoking break!
unfortunately the same can't be said for any of your jokes... tbh
these 3-1 jokes gonna be sooooooooo funny when everyone is saying how unfair the dubs are.
made allll the friends
just bopping from group to group
is the primary motivation transparency or staying relevant with organizations like ?
i think that transparency and relevance stem from undoing an unnatural, paternalistic embargo
well i dnt live in queens tamaste lmao im like an hour and 15 without traffic
but there wouldnt be traffic.. ud be in the same traffic as me
this is a "must-read"! look forward to dig in. when is it released?
thank you so much for that.
please do though
the concert was last night
how to respond when criticized for lying about a lie? lie.
perhaps you should do a little research into clinton hatchet man sid blumenthal.
yes, sup ! show ponies! where's the beef! that's your quarterback!
led to the overall pick &amp; ushered in the bledsoe/parcells era of success. let's not repeat it
maybe you're just really famous in china.
they probably really enjoy "time for dinner" videos
i usually try to look like a competent adult at the dr's office. eff that today-- i'm sick and i'm showing up in last night's jammies.
(it's a well visit, but i have a cold and can't take decongestants or pain relievers. uncomfortable now, fine in a couple days.)
preserve medicinal qualities and bud flavor with integra boost packets
in nyc all dispensaries owned by former goldman banksters,spread this everywhere!!!
it's weird how the most fervent american hysteria over terrorists often comes from places far removed from terrorism
somewhere in anchorage a person clutched their ar a little tighter.
what are you referring too or responding to?
i was responding to that kamie lady quoting my comment. now everyone is deciding i was fighting them. ok then.
"time punishes us by taking everything, but it also saves us - by taking everything." magnificent read
after reading this amazing reflection oni suddenly remembered why poetry is the great negotiator between
oh, ok ! always on the run our poor sam...
yup. busy guy
i'm so excited for you!! you're going to have so much fun!! ride the tower of terror for me!
-- definately i already have a fast pass for that and also the new star tours
what the fuck. seriously?! daniela!! rt : juicy
lmao i guess you're uninvited for whiskeys wednesdays
new york, in which the everyday new yorkness acts like white blood cells to deal with threats...
that's life in ankh-mo--i mean, nyc.
did you get him an orange collar since he's a kitty convict?
lol no, the collar came with him
well have a great day, i just had to get that off my chest.
hope you feel better. have a good day.
today's tournaments 2v2 snd 1nd 8pm est 3v3 snd 1nd 9pm est payout if enough teams signups: rts appreciated
need one for the 2v2 and two for the 3v3 dm
always good to chill with an original legend, my man jai! totally rocking the...
keep missing you on my brooklyn visits
i'm offering my service for free right now as i need some solid case studies.. this is legit!
had to look up what raya was, sounds like a shit show lolol
giants 2-0!
something to agree on! 19-0? watch out '72 dolphins?
do you think the reason for nwoye's "betrayal" was because of how aggressive and abusive okonkwo was as a father?
i think this made it so nwoye disagreed with his fathers morals, and led him to changing his faith
it's the dems who have done that! can no longer be trusted. she knows that, &amp; is trying to become more visible.
so go vote for the unstable, unhinged, unfit, unqualified crooked trump. he's all yours
damn so does that make me ugly too...
i'm so weak sean hahahahaha
very excited to say that today is my first day at ! looking forward to making some beautiful software to display beautiful art!
they're lucky to have ya!
honestly rodeo &gt; bittsm dont @ me
nothing beats nightcrawler tbh
. strikes some interesting notes in this pitch to millennials. this is from moments ago in philly.
don't count her out. she is a woman. a little different. but better in so many ways.
i have no idea why the media is obsessed with trying to humanize would-be mass murderers....
tailor "saul, make me a new suit. i'm going to kill buckwheat, and i want to look good on television."
imagining a new internationalism through unionization of social media users against those who own the servers
users of the world, unite
i guess i'm wondering what's next past heroku for ease of use without sacrificing configurability? aws is a pretty big leap.
huge leap, docker also multiplies complexity. i actually used dokku, the docker heroku clone, to cheat the docker learning curve.
you shoulda added with a mixture of ellen degeneres
lmfaoooooo what are u gonna do about this
my papi (forgot to post it) i love you so so much have a safe flight
had to stalk you for this but awh cuties
thanks for the store location. we'll always want enough lanes open. we'll follow up with store leadership.
thank you. there's a huge problem in that store.
earlier today, you falsely accused them of doing nothing about acts of terrorism because of political correctness.
no he didn't. he was talking about the media and mayor. which nypd and ny'ers poopooed
lol... exercising my right to join the conversation just as you did? why so turnt? it's a conversation not wwiii
i'm not sure how any of this adds up to "turnt" but carry on amusing yourself.
went with option 5
(the cowboy is the exterminator)
for player of the year... they probably didn't know about the comeback category
player of the year is nole and kerber. now if he wins davis cup final watch out in 2017, he win 42
that's so weird omg i'm assuming you already tried restarting it?lol
i'm pretty sure my apple id was hacked because i got a message saying i was signed in from someone's macbook??
i wanna see tony already! i miss him so much.
i miss you too
monday launch image. wall-e boards from the vault--er, old folders. 1st act i went to town
love this! thanks for sharing :)
thanks for your interest! what kind of video are you looking for? here is a trailer for an older version:
something i can embed in keynote-screencaps from youtube are not high quality. :/
bulking season bro
time to put on 30 pounds
only strategy i can think she's maybe doing is she's trying to bring repubs to the center, but that seems like a huge gamble.
she thinks very old-school irt partisan lines. but there's a new split among millennials &amp; she's losing that whole spectrum.
someone i needed to hear from really badly got in touch with me made me so happy
that's awesome!
... that boy bizzle get bizzy man...
simma down boi... and get cho handz off da crown boi - biz
they why you wanna coach there
to benefit the girls
cnn always shows the same 3 clips during these kinds of times and it makes me dizzy every time
it also reminds me of the snl skit when they made fun of the fact that cnn plays the same 3 clips until new information comes in
well this is helpful....
we are so sorry a representative was not available. please feel free to call us at 1-800-509-0842.
that's so weird omg i'm assuming you already tried restarting it?lol
so i changed the password and it's stopped for now
indeed. and to give him credit, his questions were out of concern and admiration for c of e. not being critical "from a distance"
i wish i had an answer for why religious belief has basically collapsed across europe, but i have no idea how it happened
suspect arrested in new york-area bombings
bad guys- do not fuck with the nypd.
to on downs on 2, 2 fumbles in saint territory, missed fg and they ran clock out on 2 yd line. pts left on field
a shit load. they were -4!
my birthday is on monday. which car should i buy myself?
this is actually a surprising turnout
good morning, mondays so ruff. hope yours is off to a good start!
nah probably just failed an exam and my house is being tented today so i don't have a home for 3 days
donald, is there something we should know about your tax returns?
seriously?? all you care about is tax returns when terrorists got hteough our boarders! !.
for player of the year... they probably didn't know about the comeback category
straight matches, and loses in the semi of roland garros, to rf!!
beat these cakes up
everybody blocked
"this election, in particular, can be downright depressing sometimes," clinton says
i'll say. and no pill can cure it.
trump response to arrest --&gt;
he just wants americans to turn on their neighbors.
asbestos. lead. bees. no power. marcellus, step up your game
sex scandals. a hit list. a bomb threat. mr. bailey. at least the physical school is the shitty part now.
inspiration for "the fault in our stars" dies at age 25, says goodbye to wife over facetime
l loved this movie! i have it as my wallpaper. i hope she makes it.
if it's winning awards it should be because of its own merit not because it's using someone else's source material.
it's not like they stole it. the original owners are like "yeah sounds like a good show idea. make it. hope it's good"
notable nyu alum doing big things
a giant acheivment
. ceo : this past quarter, grew our saas/paas cloud revenue 82%--fastest-growing scale cloud company in industry
iaas is a must to go 'down the market', to attack lob, smaller enterprises, devs &amp; to correct perceptions.
i'll be there!
greatly appreciated!!
forgot to bring my sfx library to work
make the fart noises with your mouth into the microphone
really don't like over exaggeration
i hate it..... more than anything
"progress is on the ballot. tolerance is on the ballot. democracy is on the ballot. justice is on the ballot."
vote for peace
how can you justify going to a gender segregated mosque? racist to hold certain people to a lesser standard.
the same way you can justify going to orthodox synagogues where they segregate.
i read it's a tribute to a wow infection that happened like 11 years ago
where? from an official source?
when you use your smartphone camera as a mirror but then you figure, what the heck, might as...
when i see something that looks that good i take a pic too (although snapchat is far and away my default phone mirror)
remembering freddie prinze
a talent gone way too soon. i think that he would be so proud of his son, freddie prinze jr..
full-blown rbbc on tap in car. my guess: fozzy gets 11-13 touches, cap 10-12 (gl work), tolbert mixed in.
i got the number 1 waiver this week.. who should i add fozzy or mckinnon
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
we have terrorists in this country who hate us as much as foreign terrorists. that's how. they're almost gone, though.
i knew how to do it from my past 4 iphones.
it doesn't work the same with the iphone 7 though...
thanks to , i had a chance to sit down and interview malcolm at
very interesting interview. thanks for sharing bill!
spotted the dave2 prototype on 101 north this morning
also saw the now-familiar self driving car
last friday was my final day at rittman mead, and i wish the team well for the future. time for a new challenge, and at all this week
you'll be missed, mark! thanks for building a great company and for all of the mentoring and help along the way.
super mario run stickers are now available on the app store for imessage!
i hope you end up releasing the line emoticons for animal crossing and mario as stickers in imessage!
i was wondering if anyone would get it. btw: "we don't need no stinking badgers!" :-)
since you came up with it i wanted to give you the satisfaction of saying it. well played.
sept. 19, 2002: in a bizarre, scary scene, royals coach tom gamboa is attacked by two white sox fans
what a coward that umpire was. he did nothing to help the coach.
a giant acheivment
this could be a colossal discovery
join the family september 19 on .
about time, cannot wait
breaking news: chris christie knew about the scheme to close george washington bridge lanes, prosecutors said
come on, we all knew this. lol and the crook is on trump's train. crooks stick together.
i'm into it as long as grace stops wearing those hats. enough of the hats already
facts. i'm just stoked to see munsch be a bitch, cause we both know it's gunna happen
chelsea islamist bomber ahmad rahami sued police in 2011 for profiling muslims
that's amazing. that's why police need to profile. they don't do it indescriminately.
dope!! congrats b
woohoo thank you!
you're at and see a book. would you buy the book if you and the author once had:
please tell me there is a real story behind this
sll ireland throw in is 5pm irish time 2 o clock ny will you not have it on sfter celtic. friends will be in ny
just confirming mate. it's 12pm here five hours behind.
not just cause he's my bf, take a listen. this dude is really inspiring.
aww thanks !
that's how it is looking now, and it's been the probability all along. we'll see come november.
. historic precedent can change, but last 8 flips over 116 yrs says house is a safe bet.
apple's airpods don't have volume or track controls. can you control iphone playback from a locked apple watch?
presumably, the mics will always be on listening for voice commands.
"time punishes us by taking everything, but it also saves us - by taking everything." magnificent read
after reading this amazing reflection it appears that poetry is the great negotiator between memory, life, &amp; human mortality
there's a woman somewhere in my neighborhood running scales and her beautiful singing is wafting into my home and making me happy.
would it be she should be singing all the time
i know a street merchant in cairo didn't threaten to cut off a child's hand for thieving in this movie, i'm sure that did not happen
that's definitely not the cairo i visited.
yeah it was a brief issue they were having. only lasted a few minutes luckily
gotcha. i've been trying to use the new google trips app but it won't let me save a new trip \_()_/
current mood: crippling dread with cheerful offerings
hoping today is better for you.
lucky!!!!! how was the new cast?!
they were great!
i'm going to hand out our week 3 player of the week and coach of the week soon. any suggestions?
mike rescigno - yorktown
live now. if not yet in your market listen live here
tried that, but the sexy voices in my head are too loud.
sophia loren and anthony perkins
is this photo from five miles to midnight or desire under the elms?
it's wrong to tear each other down. it's wrong to let income inequality get worse. it's wrong to put a loose cannon in charge.
girl i hate trump as much as the next guy but you did a fair amount of tearing down and name-calling yourself, so don't.
right, and that led into her slott/bobillo "she-hulk" series that pushed her towards light/fun drama.
speaking of she-hulk, super-excited to have literally just hung these up at my office today
duh. now when are they going to empanel a grand jury?
probably never, saying it and proving it in a court of law are 2 different things.
there are readily available free tools for dealing with sqlite encoded data, just as there are for utf-8 encoded data
agreed, but nothing is simpler or more open than a text file... more machines can open a csv out of the box than sqlite dbs.
i believe in the power of love.
i believe in love even though i haven't been in a relationship for over10 yrs when yor mentally n physically abused by the one
pretty sure the "j" train is short for "just gonna arrive whenever the fuck i want."
yes, which makes it perfect for j-eans and j-ustins.
"ahmad khan rahami" dad owns a restaurant called "first american fried chicken" guess dad's name. i'll wait. muhammad. no joke
you're joking...come on!
little afternoon humor
i kept seeing this one baby so i'm like she might be telling the truth . no more humor for you . go to bed , take a nap
in nyc all dispensaries owned by former goldman banksters,spread this everywhere!!!
mortgages down,back to selling pot boys
it's not like they stole it. the original owners are like "yeah sounds like a good show idea. make it. hope it's good"
maybe they shouldn't get awards for like "best writing" if all the dialogue is from a book or something, haha
ended with "essex" personnel taking wolverine's dna. essex... as in nathaniel essex aka mr. sinister
x-men t90s animated series season 5 episode 13 explains in detail how nathaniel essex became mr. sinister. a terrific well done explanation.
i knew how to do it from my past 4 iphones.
sorry --i meant to say reset the phone... (what i kept on doing was taking screenshots)
to be fair the instigator seemed way out of line here
defo. but we really have very few fights at the coliseum and these idiots put us back in the spotlight
federal prosecutor says christie knew about lane closings - politico
christie lost me when he went on david letterman and pulled out a doughnut from his suit pocket and shoved it in his mouth.
so is my son perfect or is he perfect. never thought me heart could be this full
he's so precious. he should be a model. i can see this on a candle the scent would be like pumpkin kisses
the queen has something wicked for my sept 26th. can you guess what it is?
where where whereeee
i have to finish game of thrones, catch up on ru paul all stars and ahs, and tvd is coming back on soon
such a busy life
at the end of the day the shit sounds just like i wish you loved me bridge minus a couple lyrics. i'm bout .2 seconds yo.
right like..... i just said imagine how she would feel.
pic from june last year. i miss novelist jackie collins, a dear pal since my vh1 days. she died last year.
has it been a year already? wow.
who cares if marc jacobs used white dreadlocks. i'm more concerned on why his models lack diversity and his foundation ranges deathly to tan
his models don't lack diversity. he had women of every nationality on that runway.
omg go 2 yelp read the reviews 4 this dirtbag's business first american fried chicken elizabeth nj you'll die laughing
cliven bundy esque!
breaking: cnn lied to blame new york attack on "alt-right"
alt right is a total creatio of hillary clinton's and cnn naturally are working to help her.
afternoon all
hey fam!! great day!
how healthy is hillary clinton? doctors weigh in.
r u fucking serious right now? gtfoh garbage rag! glad i got rid on my subscription. no regrets for that!
social security fails to properly explain benefits to retirees, study concludes
the big problem is that the unemployed choose b/c the other choice is welfare.
islamic terrorists are blowing up this city and your trash paper talks about a bridge not hillary and her legacy. .loser paper
because hillary's legacy is spectacular and christie an obvious crook is on trump's campaign.
to be fair the instigator seemed way out of line here
for the wrong reasons. keep that shit in la and away from oakland
not sure if i should be mad about these pictures or mad that the fact my parent let me do this
"change ya attitude or leave"
finally finished 's 5th alcatraz book. that ending ... was not what i expected. 5/5 would read again
so notes didn't save that list we curated. would it be terribly inconvenient if you sent it again?
tomorrow, i'm officially starting my first night of digital storyboarding at . i can't wait to meet new people. :)
we look forward to seeing you, jeremy!
remember: this november you can help elect president donald trump just by voting for gary johnson or jill stein! happy election year!
perhaps that's the nuclear option needed to blow up the rigged two-party system
i'm actually pretty bummed that i'd never win anything... like yeah it's not a big deal but it's still a lil upsetting
you won my heart
i'm the same age as corey feldman
that's not too old! lol
the obama administration is calling terror attacks a 'war of narratives'
we need a real leader to protect our nation; not a "talking head" with counter allegiances
we're also very very lucky that the attackers tried to use explosives rather than guns.
keep your mouth shut, chris, on that.
also wouldn't be mad if they cleaned up the inbox view
bro i didnt send you this song
so how long will this hibernation period last? when will u come out of ur slumber, honey?
who says he is in hibernation? can't u see him his peers? he's brushing off only his fans carry on ....
maybe they shouldn't get awards for like "best writing" if all the dialogue is from a book or something, haha
but bad shows get made from good source all the time. seems fine to give awards to the good ones for being good shows
"first american fried chicken" god bless local police and first responders who captured terrorist good work police
they're not forced to work for the police department, it's not russia
so, i'm curios how fans who swear at collins and swear by girardi would care to characterize his work the last two innings.
am not nor have i ever been a fan of the old man..so many bonehead moves one day ur bound to get lucky..i care about postseason.
i'm so into it tho.
munsch gives me life
i want a rlly cheesy pizza any recommendations
let's go on a date halle i'll buy you the cheesiest pizza there is with extra cheese
no you clown im gonna sit inside my house and not leave lol
so how u going to go to work?
stay safe my friend
cheers beth hope you are all good
in the wake of this bridgegate news, reminder that trump hired a christie aide wrapped up in it h/t
hoping christie's spot as head of transition team grows untenable, tho no doubt trump will stonewall.
it's true, kiki's delivery service is roughly several million times better than frozen
but does either of them have a condom in the opening scene
x-men t90s animated series season 5 episode 13 explains in detail how nathaniel essex became mr. sinister. a terrific well done explanation.
it's too bad they waited this long to take out mr. sinister in one of the x-men movies. he's one of the best villains from the x-men world.
. tells college students election will be "close": not voting "plays into trump's hands"
that is a good thing for those hard working tax payers funding the handouts. many are their parents.
the queen has something wicked for my sept 26th. can you guess what it is?
stop playing games with my heart
just made a lasik appointment. can't wait to experience normal ass human vision through the magic of beams
time to not sweat your glasses off while playing ddr
respect to law enforcement and first responders this weekend. i had full confidence in their ability to investigate and keep us safe
i'm especially proud of jack bauer who's no longer quite able to resolve it in 24 hours but definitely beat 48
so glad to see our tax dollars are being spent wisely
can they protect us from her?
i guess i'm wondering what's next past heroku for ease of use without sacrificing configurability? aws is a pretty big leap.
have heard good things about gce, particularly around pricing. have you looked at hashicorp's nomad at all?
in summary, bitches be cray.
holy crap. you win this dubious honor.
man. imagine being upset that people are exercising their right to kneel during the national anthem.
it shouldn't even be played before games anymore
islamic terrorists are blowing up this city and your trash paper talks about a bridge not hillary and her legacy. .loser paper
and it's not terrorists, it's terrorist. singular. no evidence that more are involved yet. and lastly, 3000 died under
about fucking time jesus!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
still waiting for my edit button lol
blue jays and mariners start a three-game series. o's fans should root for:
ever since cito benched mussina in the 93 asg at op there's only been one answer for o's fans.
maturity is when you keep your mouth shut when you want to say something mean to someone. only people at peace with themselves can do this
and boy is it hard to do, but well worth it.
means so much!!!! ty
so everyone can enjoy it. here the lead character in rachel's musical describes her mind:
boston bombings then in the city again the gov't vs us but give other countries the go ahead so it wont seem like its them
exactly... i'm not even phased by it anymore; it's like i know how it's gonna end, in a few months it'll be another one
no match sir
thanks dear friend.
oh no! i am so sorry for the inconvenience jill. our it team is working on fixing the app issues. *pl
is this a larger problem? the same issue i've been having since wednesday persists
good morning . everybody have blessed week!!!
goodmorning you also
a weekend of firsts! - first place overall (6th out of the men and women) - first in the swim...
really great podium you got there...
gov cuomo begins answer saying ny/nj terror blasts shouldn't be political and ends it with pitch for hillary clinton
and we have to problem on the gov speaking the truth!
you in cali, no shit.
dick face i didn't know it was cheaper
it's wrong to tear each other down. it's wrong to let income inequality get worse. it's wrong to put a loose cannon in charge.
says the millionaire who called me . really?
excuse me hotel lady can you please refill my he cucumber and lemon water please.. thank you kindly lol
what time's your flight?
just received my sausages from you looking forward to trying them are you getting in mince pies for xmas please?
fantastic, hope you enjoy them! yes we are just putting in our christmas order now, so should have xmas items shortly
nono. they hit the male button, i have "an abnormality" on my chest, female means "groinal abnormality" :/
ungh when i went to indy they ripped my bag apart and magic cards went flying everywhere and they dam near broke my binder
i just might be a black bill gates in the making
that was shade lol
islamic terrorists are blowing up this city and your trash paper talks about a bridge not hillary and her legacy. .loser paper
died under gw bush from terrorism and 3500 us servicemen as well because of his 2 failed wars.
just heard about the trips app (via this tweet). looks pretty interesting. will test and see if i have the same issue.
yeah, just came out today. i have a spring break trip that i'm planning and figured i would try it out with that
i wouldent id tell my boss to suck it tbh
but then ull get fire nd ull be without a job... all because u decided to stop living ur life
lmao smh communication just isn't enforced as much anymore
people became content w/ little communication, thinking it's standard now
no but being aware of a possible kidnapper/murderer is just as important as being aware of a terrorist
i get what you saying but at the same time it's not on the same level
.: "i will never be the showman my opponent is, and you know what? that's okay with me."
you play the role of pinocchio very well.
he also loves super posh tea!
yeah he does!
holy shit the fursuit head argument is going again??
yup!! though this time many of us are staying silent. wonder what kicked it off this time?
and would like all hispanic people to know that they value your vote but not you personally.
- the gop doesn't have my vote!
remember: this november you can help elect president donald trump just by voting for gary johnson or jill stein! happy election year!
exactly, to all bernie or bust folks n d so-called progressives behind jill, remember trump said: voting 3rd party helps me!
i dont watch this show.
oops you stan for that dude tho, right?
hillary clinton touts experience killing terrorists at press conference on recent attacks
the doesn't kill terrorists, the police, security, and military do that.
happy monday all! anyone doing anything fun today?
yeah.. just got my hair done.. going for a run.. then i'm going to drink pumpkin beer. because yolo
it's easier to demonize those no longer in your circle for it makes it easier to move on. i get it and i'm guilty of it.
however, those people were once the most important people to you. it's the greatest disrespect to ignore what they brought to your world.
i don't disagree but that is literally not going to change.
someone made the point yesterday that it was only started to show that we aren't communists
islamic terrorists are blowing up this city and your trash paper talks about a bridge not hillary and her legacy. .loser paper
so yeah let's talk terrorism and what partyhas failed to protect us. bush, never caught the man responsible, obama did
one wonders how tommy hocks (as my me prof. called him) would have fared on the pilgrimage...
y wolde nat have callid my maister 'elvish!'
while we can't give a free trip, we can give you a great deal. try our low fare calendar: ^cd
lol things are possible with and southwest
you can start with some mung beans and a damp paper towel.
"thats what she said!"
if you're a chase cardholder tickets for knicks go on sale tomorrow at 1 pm. everyone else sept 27 at noon.
rt : if you're a chase cardholder tickets for knicks go on sale tomorrow at 1 pm. everyone else sept 27 at noon.
hrc wraps after about a thirty minute talk at temple reiterating points made by sanders over the weekend: not voting is not an option.
not voting is most definitely an option.
hi i'm angola courts and i'm gonna fuck you and make you pay for fines i never told you about from 2014.
do you want points on your license? no? too bad take 2.
i need more brooklyn ppl on my twitter you long islanders and bronx folk can't relate
i feel this
is something up with the widget on ?
send me an email moshen.com if you want to test an update that fixes the widget ios10 issues. thanks!
this tweet is coming from within your phone.
still cracks me up
you want something to vote for, not just against: optimism, not resentment. answers, not anger. ideas, not insults. bridges, not walls.
great message, wrong messager!
im gonna cry in health classssss
are you hiding the phone under your desk or what
news angry it was not a trump supporter.
no he was a hillary supporter
i believe in the power of love.
u love nthe 1 who is supposedly to love u 4 over20 yrs 2 relationships it gets hard to trust n to love
call for prayer goes on my phone while i stand in line at the airport. the lady infront of me totally freaks out! was so hard not to lol!
honest question -- how does that work? do you get to skip it if you're in a lineup or something similar?
sure glad we went with the safe bet.
that socialist with sex hair never got a day of what hillary has gone through, so keep on helping trump.
yup!! though this time many of us are staying silent. wonder what kicked it off this time?
nordic fur con made it a requirement i think...
we'll definitely show whose sissy gonna cry out louder!
can't waiting for that moment!!!!
patrick macnee as john steed
this man put the d in dapper and debonair.
on a scale of 1 to perplexed we're feeling a solid 5.
many times for me tim gunn is project runway..my fav face is 5 but nothing came close to him and santino.... lol..the best
the block is super hot in nyc right now.
not even for the cops
mfw i catch myself streaming silverchair on spotify bc jackie from housewives of melbourne is married 2 the drummer
that's who that is?!!! i like how they keep saying they have a "robust sex life"
but who got the emmy for the "wife most off the chain" or whatever
amanda peet? i think she got the most shout outs but i'm not sure and if that is the deciding factor
bill clinton: 'natural' for foundation donors to seek favors
to the clinton's its natural but to the electorate its not acceptable; we will prove that in november
i'm watching more of those love at first kiss episodes and to think i used to think my first kiss was awkward lol
that show is so stupid but entertaining
hey , why can't i use , , or as default navigation on ios? trying an iphone this week and it's annoying
you can't change the default browser which is most annoying.
let's get drunk alone at our houses together online
i did this once with and then we booked a trip to alaska.
america,,just look how most in lib media reporting the bombing &amp; make your dec,,who you rather have in wh to fight to keep america safe:))
: good morning, big-time aj. you're a great american!
1993! as long as we're digging, here's my '06 story on oligo tech (back when $srpt was avi):
this paper is so cool
what is your addiction?
growing up in a mixed religious household breeds a special penchant for commandment-breaking ill tell you
holy shit the fursuit head argument is going again??
i have a peer for folks keeping their heads off in public spaces but suiting is for fun! do what you want! anyone who
the giant lollipop is my favorite :
yeah but it tastes bitter &amp; has a hate filled center to it. big seller!!
so is he in ny?
i thought so!
holy shit the fursuit head argument is going again??
says otherwise is a dork face!
phone-call recipients can't hear intermittently on her new 7. cellular signal's always fine here. possible to have a bad mic?
i've had this problem tons of times on beta. power cycle usually fixes though.
i give someone permission to come in here and take this bag of candy corns away from me. *warning* i may attack
my fave candy i'll come take em
so - 422 is a client error, not a server error. usually, it would mean invalid email. can you try a different email?
i proceeded to try in chrome with the same email and it worked! but, trying in safari again, it did not :(
today's outfit options are: wear a hoodie and be soaked in sweat or not wear a hoodie and be soaked in rain wonderful.
i am intrigued to know what option you went with....
islamic terrorists are blowing up this city and your trash paper talks about a bridge not hillary and her legacy. .loser paper
and today 24 hrs later, in a dem controlled city, the terrorist was caught, alive and can be made to talk
a new animated anarchy podcast was released, don't forget to check it out. on itunes, stitcher, podbean
i love these, btw. the rock n rule one preached many truths
????i'm an adult living in new york city???????
jk i'm a fetus wrapped in a blanket, watching chick flicks, and dying
*i smile and let them go watching you interact with them*
*they grin and jump out of my lap running to the phone* be careful kids
i proceeded to try in chrome with the same email and it worked! but, trying in safari again, it did not :(
(with a different email in safari the 2nd time)
the media gave donald trump platform to push racist birtherism for years, they can't let him sweep it under the rug:
will you guys run a story on sid blumenthal pushing birther conspiracies for hrc back in 2008? no? i didn't think brock would allow it
sll ireland throw in is 5pm irish time 2 o clock ny will you not have it on sfter celtic. friends will be in ny
it's not on in the parlour folks just confirmed. celtic game is on 7.15 and irish breakfast half time.
my art professor just pulled me out of class to tell me that my ideas are bad im closed minded and being uncreative and that im a bad artist
this is ridiculous. keep doing your thing jess
rise joins .016% of bills in modern history that passed both chambers of congress unanimously!
has president obama signed it yet? if not, any idea when that will happen?
when you edit a nytimes bestseller and your boss gives you the perfect congratulatory gift
couldn't be more well deserved!
attack modi, abuse his supporters, criticize his policies, but in process, please don't dilute the fact that 17 jawans sacrificed their life
believes as if modi cares adani's has business interests with nawaz 2 setup power plant that's all jio model modi cares abt!
no image available but you can preorder now on amazon. do the thinnnnnng!
i was going to say 's book, but that looked weird, haha - the hate u give. it's going to be good. i know it.
my boobs too big for this
lmao feels fr, it just looks so pretty and i just want
new column - spoke the truth about and
bruh, it would be her first truth in a month so
miss rand though
rand paul is dead politically outside of being a senator .
likely yes. but for them it's like lugging around 200 lb gun. has huge firepower but is so clunky they leave it at home.
any platform is only worth the value that team is able to get from it. why adoption + training + enablement so important.
ohhhhhh. i was just asking! didn't pick a fight! lol!
no worries. i responded to one tweet and she seemed to think i was picking at her. it was weird.
hey helena, thanks for the rt; what's on your reading list right now?
well, it's a long list that includes: pema chodron, , and bunch of titles i'm working on. what about you?
what better way to kick off a new season with everyone's favorite game...plinko!
not my favorite game at all. game is all luck. rather play a game that requires skill
tea party rockers
oh god, not the bank of england!! buddy, break me instead, i can take it
but.... just booked my ticket to come back for uga's homecoming, so excited
book something without me one more time
hey guys please never vote for someone who says "skits"
guess none of our mother's have a chance now.
psa: mcgriddles are now part of the all-day breakfast menu.
rt psa: mcgriddles are now part of the all-day breakfast menu.
watch: king fighting with a fan
stop promoting indian actors n movies while india is giving threats to pakistan. pak should be 1st.
"i couldn't figure out how to shoot the basketball, so i kept lifting it up and dropping it on my head."
(to be fair, this isn't too far from my real life basketball skill.)
ask her for her name and begin to address accordingly
rotfl nah i'm really dying thank you i needed that laugh
is clean??? grow up..enough said!
hillary is clean actually. no investigation has ever found her guilty of a single thing. unlike christy and trump
they are giants compared to our appeasers dhs nsa,ice,doj congress all worthless tools of jihad
when we get orders for the usa will be the same: lawyer up, cower and get out of enemy's way.
"the lesson she passed on to me was simple but powerful: no one gets through life alone." -hillary on her mom
hillary has bill and trump has busey
really contemplating buying an astralis t-shirt or hoodie
they'll likely have them at esl ny
you just got smacked down by gov cuomo trying to get him to say something negative about hrc
he said we shouldn't politicize this matter , then talks about supporting clinton .hypocrite
i start at 10 and still somehow manage to be late
this is y ur not graduating
i was wondering about how it plays out in philly/dc/boston. i worry a permiting system lends to a stronger sense of entitlement.
permit system works great in dc. nominal annual fee helps. also wd require out of state cars to register in nyd (as reqd)
40 minutes til i board my flight to rome.
don't forget to get some alfredo from alfredo alla scroffa.
do any of y'all have opinions of ninja?
very fast incremental rebuilds like ninja is definitely a feature i'd love to have in xcode/xcodebuild
is clean??? grow up..enough said!
oh and enough said
1. falling onto subway tracks 2. crazed man shoves poop down shorts for no reason 3. summer blackout 4. toilet rat
can you explain , as in is that something with which you have experience? it's my new , so thanks.
we have to stand up to this hate. we have to send a clear message: america is better than this. america is better than donald trump.
tell that to the people doing the murdering; you are on the wrong team hillary. you should be a muslim cleric
do you want to solve the problem of terrorism? join thousands of 'ian americans to condemn ny and nj bombings rally 9/20 @ 10 am!
after ny and nj bombings, why is the leader of the state sponsor of terror @ the ? we say !
yeah i need to get my cash flow up before i make that trip also. but soon!
stack that dough up boo
the signs pointing to fda approval were there for everyone to see. i write for investors, not navel-gazing scientists.
the overlap in the business &amp; science venn diagrams on this one is remarkably small- and i love my navel
happy birthday youngin'
thank you i guess
much needed rainfall...
close to 2" so far at acy.
they are giants compared to our appeasers dhs nsa,ice,doj congress all worthless tools of jihad
all of what you say is true. so why do we endure it? voting/blogging/tweeting=bitching. we still obey.
police capture ahmad khan rahami, suspect in ny-nj bombings
oh hang the creep
i hate , i hate , i hate , i hate , i hate , i hate
hmmmm how do you really feel?
this is the election where we stand up to the corporate installed oligarchy and say no more.
you need to be a democrat to exit.
aww...it's so nice of you to think of me! love you too, buttercup!
i'm sure you do. i'm sorry everybody swept left on you on tinder.
my preferred analogy is with george wallace or joseph mccarthy. he's wallace or mccarthy as a major party nominee.
i see trump as wallace if george lived in queens with jewish grandkids &amp; thought white people were contemptible idiots.
sunday morning vibes via .. 'members only' style
best song!! how did you find this on spotify lol it's missing for me
you friend, are awesome! thanks for the follow :)
likewise! thanks for the follow!
tipping the skill levels with bullshit loot and upgrades is exactly how you kill the golden goose. fucking ubisoft.
takes away skill when there's an ideal stat build, etc. this breaks my heart.
3% (!) of american adults own half of the country's guns. let that sink in. via
so what? i don't see the big deal...
when you too high you can't stop smiling
lmfao angelica is a clown
my very white history of ballet professor keeps referring to this nigerian dancer as a "huge, big black woman" and it's problematic.
now she's comparing white-privilege to tall ballet dancers to "short" "big" "chaotic" african dancers. i just
the first time i was eligible for unemployment in my tv career, who advised me? mary tyler moore over the phone!
it's one of the best themes ever and one of my favorites.
weird that it won't let you save a trip. it just let me do it without any issues. running it on nexus 6p
huh, maybe it's just the ios app. or maybe it's working now
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
maybe u should wait for more info b4 running your big know nothing mouth
someone needs to get that man
he lost in the sauce
how often do you wash your denim jeans?
god bless the "only when stained" crowd. you're my kinda people.
hi there! we understand your concern. it's sprint policy that the protection plan covers only phones and not accessories. jm
copy, guess i wont be needed that anymore. thnx
happy birthday , enjoy your day and take a shot of e&amp;j for me .
it's in the fridge while we speak i gotchu and thank you. you coming up soon too
from the k2 highway to this ... congrats
no more k2 for me lmao thanks guy!
the ... is that there's a bunch of non-cosmere books he's written (steelheart, rithmatists, etc) that are worth reading
any particular order for those? or just pick one up and go, go, go?
thanks for the update pal
pleasure rachel! maybe see you then.
obama: our continued fight against isis "is instigating a lot of people" to "carry out attacks" on us
you can't spell the word fight
constant. performance. of. white wokeness.
sounds like a story....
it makes me so happy you dig oso. have you listened to state lines?
yes. love them.
especially days like this that's when you get the best sleep.
but not by yourself
however, those people were once the most important people to you. it's the greatest disrespect to ignore what they brought to your world.
i choose to focus on the good memories and the lessons learned from the bad. i never wish to look back and think "what a waste of time."
so because she was voted for more than the guy you (and i) liked...all of the people who voted for her are at fault. uh-huh...
no, because sanders polled better against trump, kid. and you clearly didn't like sanders.
every guy i've ever talked to wakes up early as fuck.. like why..
early bird gets the fedia
why are they even talking about hillary dropping out? they need to be out there pushing for her election.
its up to you to stop the rumors &amp; get your ppl to vote for hillary.
this is the election where we stand up to the corporate installed oligarchy and say no more.
and just adding democrat in front of socialist still does not make you a democrat. you are a socialist. stein is a moron.
i'm a little late, but happy birthday bro have a good one you crack
thank you
. susan solomon served on the panel at 's education forum on sunday.
(sorry, only had 140 characters with which to tag. couldn't get everybody. )
just had a conversation with such a knowledgable person that has completely changed my perspective on life, my heart is happy.
love when i come across someone like that, it's the best.
and you're like "you think she's an angel but sir she's the damm devil"
fuck forreal tho only if he knew lol
the surgeon you want may be the one who specializes in just one kind of procedure, new research suggests
any research about having a surgeon who's been on call for 30 hours operate on you? because...why the hell is that normal?
amazing!!!!! killing it b
thank u babe
suspect's family sued town claiming anti-muslim discrimination
that figures
try to read this and not laugh out loud.
there just internet wanna be gangsters. as long as your laughing at them and ignoring them it's all good.
so because she was voted for more than the guy you (and i) liked...all of the people who voted for her are at fault. uh-huh...
so, since you're clearly just trolling now, take a block. sorry nobody loves you.
anyone else hyper aware of sirens today?
yes uws constant sirens all day
"the lesson she passed on to me was simple but powerful: no one gets through life alone." -hillary on her mom
that should show the students being carried by their parents that life is hard and money doesn't grow on trees.
yellow teeth are stronger, the natural color of our teeth is a light yellow color. whitening your teeth can permanently weaken them.
my dentist has said this since i was a youngster.
very much so
well i'm glad today is a good day for you letty!
am i late to the party?
apparently... they're sooooo good
hahaha life could be worse! just had some this morning!
great minds broshek!
omg i was looking for her on here before but couldn't find her!!!
she just made one but we were talking about how her face charts are everywhere online last night lol
okay, so you think trump is a berlusconi like figure. do you appreciate why poc might fear such a man becoming president?
nobody needs convincing that trump is a bad person. the bridge to cross is showing that hillary isn't.
that diss was so fuckin trash! meek can't even diss niggas by himself. always needs a feature
false everyone was all cool when drake teamed up with future
like, for real, what is chris martin doing here?
that pretty much sums up my life. think i'm in great position, about to score, and then....
what is happening
there are like 30 cop cars and more keep coming. people are just standing and filming. can anyone tell me what's happening down here?
we need to make sure the survivors bill of rights is passed!
and then we need to keep pushing for more. survivors need more than rape kits
if you're a fan of a team that lost a game already just give up on the season
gmen tho
so the minnesota mall attacker can reference allah during attack but obama says it's just a random act of violence..
the minnesota attacker was obama's nephew.
this video of chimpanzee playing ping pong is amazing! still better than lot of us!
ok what did they do to this chimp to get him to play ping pong. fess up people.
*emails you a csv of top music to feature next week*
make it a bot and that's a true platform play
what would happen if we each took a deep breath and admitted: no one has all the answers.
somebody does have the answer but until we all listen to his word and abide ny his rules n stop hati the answer may not come
and you're like "you think she's an angel but sir she's the damm devil"
if he knew he would be disappointed
this is a "must-read"! look forward to dig in. when is it released?
it's released on the corwin website now and amazon tomorrow.
janis joplin on creativity and rejection - her lost final interview, found and animated
paraphrased...i kept fighting against social limitations &amp; some people don't have the will to fight &amp; accept those limitations
"the lesson she passed on to me was simple but powerful: no one gets through life alone." -hillary on her mom
what does that even mean?? what r u gonna do to end refugee flow and save americans???
nypd black trucks + suv's, surveillance toys, army-like tents on 23rd street... terrorism blows
spectacle. i dropped someone off there last night. it's all for show. what, are they going to retroactively see who did it?
wait for spring!!
it will grow back :)
hope his followers no when they vote trump in, their student loan int. will increase, no longer covers under parents health ins.
this is another issue your young supporters need to know.
missed you too, furfriends
hope your travels were nice and the kitties are fine!
there are no attractive men at csn.. college is a disappointment
bc it's still vegas \_()_/ unfortunately
that should show the students being carried by their parents that life is hard and money doesn't grow on trees.
she is there to make false promises and offer handouts we can no longer afford. this is the creation of the gullible
nope. you got this. you are not alone, angie.
sending love and so many congrats. i hope you can enjoy the love and we can protect you from any bullsh*t.
happy birthday, enjoy it
i will thank you
very soon i'll be putting in my application to the american musical and dramatic academy !!!!
so proud of you!!!! soon we will both be new yorkers!!!
spectacle. i dropped someone off there last night. it's all for show. what, are they going to retroactively see who did it?
ps, i'm back east again! we gotta cross paths this trip.
lol i don't think that account realizes i was mocking her
well one does need a brain to understand sarcasm!
the real shade is i have no idea who that woman is but i know exactly who is.
and there it is.
she saw part 1
is part two when jenn thinks the cabin was underwater bc it was so sparkly
spent the last three hours walking around soho and chelsea. new yorkers are stoic af about all this terror nonsense.
still one of the best videos ever... nsfw
thanks for the retweet! hope your monday is going well.
no problem love! monday was a rough start due to baby but i'm managing
behind the scenes w/ &amp; in advance of press conference
we demand safety at 5 spring st 10012 from akin issues.
sirens haven't stopped sounding here in midtown. very dreary, frightening day for nyc.
yes what's going on
it's always good to be among friends, especially new ones. endorse.
. you'll enjoy this clip: scalia explaining why gridlock is a feature, not a bug of the constitution
nah miami university
thanks for the clarification.
., wife and daughter pose for pictures with leader of greek orthodox church of america
maybe they are burying his daughters period right now... just in case.. collects it in a bucket...
that is impossibly long
i know luckily our professor gives us a 15 minute break...
when we work together, we will trump hate.
u sound paranoid. what is ur plan to end islamic terror on us soil? wanna still bring in islamist refugees???
you know you're writing great code when... you can't find an "if" statement. /cc
absolute truth! spread the gospel! /cc
probably not :( or maybe netflix shows aren't eligible? i don't know!
no because jeffrey tambore won for an amazon prime show. think show came out after cut off.
there is no evidence that anything happened other than talk about preferred candidate. what proof do u have of rigged vote?
oh my lord. there's proof of the dnc working with hillary's lawyer and the press to spread smear stories like the ...
agreed. she put out an article today appealing to millennials, and it isn't bad, but it's almost like it's too little too late
gonna have to build up the courage to read it later. brace myself for the first debate...
update the juniors in my gym class are talking about the
what they saying
someone want to wake grandma hillary up from her nap and let her know police caught the terrorist ahmad khan rahami?
you sound really ageist &amp; sexist
i honestly don't think they are that bad tho john. they have the personal to be an ok defense
i think it's becoming more obvious it's hard to hide lb's though :(
its not about not being able to live my life its having the right mind to stay away from fuckin idiots like these guys
but idiots/terrorists are everywhere not just nyc homie... gotta go out
we understand each other.
tough review by crowther in '55:
add your name now to join the millions of americans who are with hillary all the way to the white house!
. he's going to get u!!!!
shootout with muslim suspects in ny/nj jihad bombings, cop shot, ahmad rahami arrested: eyewitness: "it sound...
new jersey now the "garden of allah state"
hey ahmad khan rahami, no matter what the fbi asks you, just say, "i don't recall" they will give up after that. just ask
i am sure he already met with hillary for instructions!
shoutout to for hooking it up with clothes for work. these pants make my ass look great. no wonder you get all the ladies!
incredible what a good tailor can do for you
did ever respond to you? i'm not renewing my membership next month, quality has gone down dramatically
they did-actually got a very nice email from head of community on saturday, and from ceo just now. cc
miracles can happen....
band miracles happen all the time - google psycho le cemu
the race to the bottom continues!
like 2 nasty old people yelling at each other across the rec room in the old folks' home
thankfully the perp in chelsea bombing seems to have made key and pretty stupid mistakes. &gt;&gt;&gt; via
pls don't give away his stupidity details. hopefully same stupidity if we have to have a next time.
this is perfect! "this is exactly how you respond to a liberal elitist when asked to define conservatism!"
chuck todd is more than a liberal elitist. he's a msm democratic operative in the tank for hrc. he is biased against djt
now hillary wants tough vetting. wouldn't that make her a muslim-hating racist?
she was just pimping us for today. tomorrow she will go back to appeasing the enemy to secure the votes from the left.
patriots who dare... join our fight to save america! click here
buh buh bye bye babs!!!
23 year old george harrison taking a selfie at the the taj mahal in india, 1966.
if you have to do a selfie, this background is way better than the bathroom stalls some folks feature in their selfies today.
correction. i said keke killed this vocally. you dragged her into it cause i pointed it out. that's fraud af.
you also said this. nobody's bashing anyone. she just want credit.
"... it is a major competitive advantage. other manufacturers will need to play catch-up fast." ... and shoehorn color management into android.
nobody cares about good accuracy, though. people love the galaxy oleds because they exaggerate colors.
next up, for a chance at a $76 gas card: how many nl mvps have the won since moving to la?
5 (kershaw, gibson, garvey, koufax, wills)
my very white history of ballet professor keeps referring to this nigerian dancer as a "huge, big black woman" and it's problematic.
now she's comparing white-privilege to men's penises in the roman era. i gotta go.
if ms or google did that, apple would be up in arms demanding the doj investigated them for anti-competitive behavior. lame!
android was just as bad by pre-installing their own apps on an open source platform. can you remove every app from android?
fuck sean smith he's a bitch he the reason we lost
cuz he slow af ! he will be good at safety
extreme vetting!!!! feds mistakenly grant citizenship to 800 immigrants with security concerns - breitbart
get rid of them all. he put a red line in the sand then o &amp; hc stood behind the red wall and we are getting bombed bombed
"as americans, we do not, and never will, give in to fear." - on the new york and new jersey explosions
stay calm sheeple; they will grow tired of killing you someday!
amal clooney takes isis to trial over human trafficking, genocide via
she is goals
that diss was so fuckin trash! meek can't even diss niggas by himself. always needs a feature
and to keep it a bean that album they did was trash
good morning, all! catherine has me organizing her closet today. let's see what i find lol! -catherine's intern roy
tempted to quit........ disturbing. dm me if you want to know what i found..... -roy
wow.they act fast ! - ny, nj bombing suspect rahami in custody after shootout | nbc new york
they sent out an alert this morning to everyone in nyc to report if they see this guy. i was surprised to see it.
there is no evidence that anything happened other than talk about preferred candidate. what proof do u have of rigged vote?
..chair-throwing false rumor to make sanders look bad to voters. they're all here:
oh nah hes wildin
his "friends" too for encouraging him
same, we're about to have the most buff neck muscles though
we need stuff like that more often so i don't get freaking whiplash from one class
wow. has a hidden type menu for xtra special font stuffs. was able to switch these numbers to monospace
how do you access the hidden menu?
when i have rain boots on i purposely step in puddles because i can
and it's fun
i choose to focus on the good memories and the lessons learned from the bad. i never wish to look back and think "what a waste of time."
every friendship i've been in shaped the person i am today. i have been blessed to be surrounded by an array of people.
"... it is a major competitive advantage. other manufacturers will need to play catch-up fast." ... and shoehorn color management into android.
to the untrained eye they're better displays, while they're objectively worse. 7 has great display, but quality lost on most
we have to stand up to this hate. we have to send a clear message: america is better than this. america is better than donald trump.
u r the one allowing in muslim refugees who spread hate &amp; terror.what's ur agenda to save american lives from islamic terror
when i used to live in fl, if it was one of those perfect days with no rain and low humidity, i'd fucking do it, it's glorious.
i'm going on vacation at the end of he week and i can't afford the black eye for doing it.
some personal news! i'm covering the boston celtics for bleacher report this season (and have moved to boston).
obligatory ugh, but congrats!
is it finished
i have to tighten up a few things and find out where that mysterious sound coming from the flywheel is
please. send. me. the. autopsy. "doc". shaun king is not a medical examiner.
he was? i haven't heard that from my sources and i'm in....security...will have to check.
"you can't stop new york!" - , 1st woman to in the us senate thanks to
"it's not about gender, it's about an agenda."
gift of jaitely to india is that now only fixers hv say in intelligence set up of customs whose only job is to collect bribe from smugglers
it was always like that.
"we have to double down on a more fair and inclusive society." - at "building inclusive cities" event.
friend chris fearnow, famous chef getting threats from extremists at 5 spring st10012
thank god you're alive omgggggg
thanks girlies
al qaeda jihadists entered u.s. through refugee program says refugees are no more threatening than tourists
afghan shot &amp; arrested for blowing shit up in ny &amp; nj was no threat either...more lone wolves will enter &amp; activate
i want to see 0 (zero) bucs fans when we eventually start winning
didn't they win they're first game.
who are you going with
me and nicole and its not complete without nicole squared
i assume you've seen the oatmeal's comic but just in case: :]
this is great! mr. bennet will retain his kitty convict collar
lost 3.5 lbs since her last weigh-in!
you can do better! work it!!!
dji who? launches their hero5 &amp; karma drone!
dammit... see what i was was just tweeting?
thank you, citation 7. i've wanted to know what this was for deck-ades.
this is a good joke, what's wrong with you!
had an idea which could be very lucrative for me - i fight mma style and cream him. sponcered by mdonalds or something.
don't pop your blisters-causes infection/scarring. borrow the english patient from if it survived.
you will find me.... dancing with the lights
superb! thank you carmi.
if you find us and we have some on hand. we'll give em out.
wot? im going to go stalk u guys thru out the con now! lols
i wanted to listen to something else today instead of so i played like a visit from an old friend - gorgeous
still in the top 40!
i'm done trying to show my crush i like him cause clearly he doesn't like me the same way embarrassing
dont show him u like him he'll pull up on you when he ready
there is no evidence that anything happened other than talk about preferred candidate. what proof do u have of rigged vote?
there's also proof the dnc manipulated fund-raising to also give hillary an advantage:
how is it that i have never seen trouble in the glen?
a copy from ebay:
mark cuban did his homework and found so many of the allegations against hillary lack evidence. well done .
we have less than 50 days to set the record straight on behalf &amp; shut down trump!
is good at influencing me to bad things
that's what i'm here for
"it's parkinson's disease" wikileaks document
if it is true then lets get it out there so the media can deny it. im tired of pussy footing around the bitch
i can't water down my opinions on gender; making things more equal for the next generation is more imp than keeping peace w my male peers.
if advocating for equality between genders disenfranchises your male peers then they were expendable from the jump
jimmy fallon defends his softball interview with trump: "i'm never too hard on anyone"
hey, it's the tonight show not meet the press.
breaking: ny bomb suspect captured... pic of arrest is beyond humiliating
do you have a problem with his belly fat? i wonder if that is the macdonald's big corporation fault?
no eject him out the lead
the real problem is our linebackers ! ben heeny playing middle is stupid af ..i can't wait til aldon get back
how did you get joekay to hear your music ?
idek man neither nox or i know how he heard it
it's official, is the 1st streamer i've sub'd to on twitch :^) lowkey sure his genji play was the gateway into my obsession uhhh
you seemed obsessed far before his genji play
it shapes my theology constantly. but that doesn't mean that the church gave birth to scripture.
your two tweets seem to be going in two different directions. surprised you object to the idea that church chose the texts.
yes, which is why i appose needless perpetual wars.
tell that to the muslims who started the frigging wars.
you stupid, evil woman.
she's blaming the weak, ineffectual terrorist encouraging policies of obama on trump?! the audacity!
hey, you know who's finding a lot of racists today? ! let's all give him a big round of applause and not, e.g., angry murder.
that is what you get when you turn over the slimy rocks with the swastikas on them rather than ken ham pics.
there is no evidence that anything happened other than talk about preferred candidate. what proof do u have of rigged vote?
so, we're damn sure not voting for the dem's corrupt warmonger when they rigged the campaign against our candidate.
finish buy sunday i wanna ride lol
lol should be! i wanna go to the swap meet
"i wanna buy chapstick but i'm so cheap"
call that "cheapstick"
i can live with preinstall apps if i can change the default.
but android doesn't allow you to do a ton of non-default apps either. they are simply different levels of "closed".
just about to start the nix by . always looking for new things to read, of course!
i just took a look, fun cover and nice early praise tweets and well, pubs great stuff. i'm aching to stop
it shapes my theology constantly. but that doesn't mean that the church gave birth to scripture.
that's not the results of modern scholarship. that the claim of the church!
few races i've looked more forward to than this. what a field!
can't wait! i will be with bells on. they've had amazing cards lately.
lmfaoooooo what are u gonna do about this
lmfao zoe's been hating on me lately if she was worth the time i would roast her too
yes. also there was a bugatti designed hydrofoil flying boat that'ss beautiful but all google shows in photos is a different plane
all that i'm seeing looks like steve jobs's yacht:
thanks for watching my videos. even if you watch them while on the toilet.. much appreciated.
how do you that? wait ... you do the same thing
what is the psychological reason people decide to make disturbingly loud noises riding motorcycles... so others can hear them?
to act tough
never again lol
flying out of sfo?
interesting to compare this piece to those numbers:
yeah, i wouldn't overrate impact of "true independents." but hard to reach the data--gallup links don't show bernie anymore
did you make this card?
the template is my design, but probably built that specific one.
i can live with preinstall apps if i can change the default.
but i'm in agreement with you regarding apple not permitting root access to allow apps to become the default.
while i understand his remarks arguably rationalize cheating &amp; add on to the heap of commentary hillary ...
... has had to deal with as a woman in her candidacy - i personally cannot be offended by someone i know is joking...
it shapes my theology constantly. but that doesn't mean that the church gave birth to scripture.
that's why i referred to as the "catholic" objection.
whaddya think david?
adios freak flag
hillary values men who rape women and get away with it.
you've got your name right, deplorable. try looking in politicususa &amp; politifact 4 the true hillary &amp; the lying trump.
potus: terrorists want to scare us. don't let them.
but, i'll fly them into the us until they do.
but u believe trump is the genius that's going 2 all our issues, terrorism, economy, national security all at once.
no i don't, mr cantbebotheredtodoonesecondofresearch. how're the kids?
fastest growing areas of white concentrated poverty in the 'burbs
the split between rural young people and urban young people is critical to understanding this election.
prosecutors: christie knew about bridge lane closings as they happened
as the governor he should have. the big question is, did he know why and did he make sure it was stopped anyway?
blinders... if you see anything positive with her... you sir are blind
i suspect drumpf would "can" ivanka for any one of you ladies but you'll need an accent.
join , kanna, panetta and myself on september 26 @ 6pm to discuss beyond the square:
i got my copy of the book and it is fantastic! congratulations. reading now!
what would you say are the 5 best tv comedies of all time?
threes company, all in the family, seinfeld, friends, and the bob newhart show.
i need alshon to go off tonight n give a niggah 30points to win my fantasy this week lol
who you playin ?
guys, a pei wei &amp; chipotle are about to open up less than a mile from my house
don't bash me but what is pei wei? what do they sell? toys?
study: "five second rule" for dropped food is officially nonsense. via
dammit! another pillar of my parenting style crumbles..
oh i missed it &amp; yeah idk that's who i been going to lately .
this been happened lmao , ima find someone
introduced my daughter to my favorite italian pastry. she agrees with my choice
aaww. so cute !! glad its not a beignet !!
new mascaras give me life
gooood cuz bitch yo lashes longer than a nigga dick lmaaaao
i bet gonna be on the 1855 tour with
was my prediction too
this is not the year to travel if you're pregnant. birth defects are a real risk.
birthdefects real if you don't travel. zika not only cause of pediatricstroke
what trump just did is a disgrace.
what u r not doing is a disgrace do something to end islamic terror on us soil don't just offer 'prayers' trump2016
"mike pence says his role model for the vice-presidency is dick cheney"
so we can expect to see pence shooting someone in the face and shitting all over the constitution, then?
omg how old are you!?
you never ask that to a lady
"can i have a venti extra hot no foam-" bih hol up
this is near impossible.
basically broke my foot and doctor talkin bout i dont need crutches
weekend was too lit right? lol
did they make your tongue bleed though?
only if you ate more than a dozen
i thought so!
tweet said live nyc time on thursday 12-12:15
you ain't shit
we know this already tho
happy birthday to my lovely friend hope you have an amazing day you deserve it! love ya boo
thanks yaz! much appreciated hope everything is well i love you girl
never be too busy to take time out of your day for those who matter most.
or those who think you matter!
one of our friends was choking at the table and my dad did the heimlich it was insane
wait wtf that really happened? thank god for your dad
more hillary lies &amp; manipulations! like she"knew" how to handle benghazi!
hrc is one of the root causes of the terrorism the world faces today. she &amp; bho foolish decisions &amp; arrogance are the cause
trump is no different than anyother businessman who has to buy foreign items
. so now its ok to purchase manufacture in china instead of usa.
show all tracks with 50+ plays in itunes *sigh* minus stuff from the kids
i stand by that moby track.
whoopi goldberg has a vegot: vetements, emmy, grammy, oscar, tony.
who did this fam
lol, product hunt has put literally 10 different iterations of this on its front page over time. good job .
always be pivoting
new york gov. cuomo: "if you commit an act of terror here, you will be caught and you will be convicted."
does that include cops who continuously murder unarmed black men, women and children?
i never text back, but i'll be the first one to get mad if i don't get one back.
then dnt txt me cuz i always reply lmao in 0.000000012336848949 seconds
in the palm of your hand ( 1951 ) | cinemaven's essays from the couch
~ thanks so much for posting this!!
these are the worst....is the model recovering from a skiing accident??? ugerly!!!
agree! even worse than crocs.
we finally caught our next very willing guest for this week's ! can you guess who it is?
is that...is that ?
as the governor he should have. the big question is, did he know why and did he make sure it was stopped anyway?
on the other hand i don't see your concerns over obama and dems using the irs to get re-elected? or even hillary's lies
another reason the iphone 7 is more and more tempting.
just swap devices already you two.
did the terror suspect nyc emergency alert fail the clarity test?
did the alert only go to nyc, or trip state area?
remy went in
its a recycled verse
why still have the empty braces on the class?
same reason c++ requires a semicolon at the end of a class definition?
there are like 30 cop cars and more keep coming. people are just standing and filming. can anyone tell me what's happening down here?
oh, obama rolled through
isn't this why most people give to charity?
retweet if you've ever given to a charity in order to get someone to sleep with you.
i wish bras were never born
just because bras are a thing doesn't mean we want u too wear them :p
ouch, ragging on "he wears cool socks" as a good personal reference. might disagree.
should be a given; like having a strong handshake - i expect it, wouldn't call socks out in reference
i'd say there is. islam.
can we get this cowardice out of office already? head-in-sand pc policies with perpetual msm bias lies while ignoring nat sec
breaking: a suspect in the nyc bombings has been arrested after a shootout in nyc. source: wlac
shootout wasn't in nyc....it was in linden nj....
well folks, that's it, 's ceasefire is over, battle is back on in . damascus unilaterally ended it, officially. it was nice.
how much responsibility would you attribute to the friendly fire episode for this? i realize that may be an impossible q
under this bearded exterior lies a pretty sensitive guy. hence why i just cried in my car on my lunch break because of stress.
tears moisturise your beard and keep it looking strong and healthy. crying is a manly way to keep on top of your game.
syria: this truce has been violated, and it's over. us: let's extend this truce!
did anyone actually believe this truce was real? only the clown kerry thought it would hold.
i saw jizzlamic error open for grand funk railroad at the bryce jordan center.
when george clinton and bootsy collins played with them. that was golden.
is so under appreciated tbh
i mean... i appreciate me.
not sure if it says more about the mets or how bad the nl is that they are doing this with a diminished rotation this past month.
or maybe these kids are actually good
complaint filed w/ cbs i gave you the opportunity to do the honest thing over a silly picture. you doubled down on the lie
whats the issue with the screen shotted picture?
finally getting those pesky sophomores out of the system and paving the way for the true freshmen to take over
excuse me but both safeties jr/sr &amp; our fox is a jr. hater.
goodell on raiders leaving oakland again: "no market should lose their team once let alone twice. i believe there's a solution in oakland."
but it happened to st. louis
. says lawsuits could delay deal.
i am sure obama will sign an executive order to protect his investment.
what im sayin is its completely moronic to go out the day of a "terror attack" like at least wait a week dude lol fuck trampa
i was out the same night nd i didnt die... was scared but i calmed down once i was in webster... it was fine
i still say is the most fun song i've ever sang
and one of the best songs you've ever sang!!!
this is your chance to win a classic mirror polished stainless steel cook-n-home 12-piece set! enter our
still hoping for that opportunity to say
honestly oh my dis side though
we can agree to dis...agree
when you're listening to while (trying to) take chemistry notes...
so obscenely honored to be a doodle.
you ever wrote a review? like a detailed opinionated review? rather good, bad amazing or just...
sorry i would love to but i cant in instagram you blocked me dont know why but you should make a full length movie out of this .
me either it's been no real pressure and the offense need to use our recieved fuck that run game
our offense doing they thang , they good . 28 points is enough to win. but i believe carr to to bomb it more .
no they changed the recipe &amp; they are horrible now
i have been informed haha that is unfortunate but at least i'm not missing out lol
when your ride turns into two bart rides with a bus ride in between...
ah yes, the weekend glen park to balboa gap...glen park is my neighborhood...hope you enjoyed your stay while waiting for bus
let this sink in: trump's campaign manager and the rnc are publicly threatening fellow republicans with retribution.
what will they do, take away their pacifiers?
said the immature one
hahaha shut up daniel
i suspect drumpf would "can" ivanka for any one of you ladies but you'll need an accent.
my point?? america first except for his women and products
dolan's instagram post is literally meant to contradict heds like the one on this article about it
that said, a bummer when critically praised directors get bad reviews for one movie and suddenly criticism = bullying.
images, pools etc. not counting against character limits
ah. great read btw on gopro's interest in licensing ugc for brands.
i have never seen the n.y.p.d. press room so packed.
who's that surfer dude with the blond hair?
lol. good move to go forward with the project without its mastermind
i can't really classify it as the same project. it looks just like a fan-mod more than anything resembling an original metal gear
i like to watch other people eat
do you look away when ur mom eats?
prove to the defense that that you trust them. the strategy worked. my problem is it was rooted in fear not confidence.
good point amani you know more than me as an ex great nfler but i saw enough bumbling last yr to just take the w and go home
mercury clouding communication still give it till direct &amp; out of shadow to review i'm still too emotionally bound
today's better, but still feel the "mud"
i will be there day after tomorrow inshallah, enta rag3 emta
teddy 7aykon hnk actually teddy gonna be there tomorrow fa akid 7atshofih wa 7ykilak 3la kol 7ga
it's a public issue though. everyone should be able to hear your answer before making decisions on your products
we understand, matt. could you snap a pic of the upc/barcode number or let us know what flavor variety this is?
writing, and re-writing, and re-writing my opening comments...
loved them ;) excited for the day
i thought he was asking me to go for tnight isnt it tnight in the bassment?
nigga today is monday! u gotta stop hittin that rig boi
why anyone cares who i choose to block is just ridiculous. why get butthurt about something so tiny? go out. eat chips. do something fun ffs
people cry over stupid things :)
moon monday with the amazing
hey will you be joining the lovely at nj? ;')
dolan's instagram post is literally meant to contradict heds like the one on this article about it
he doesn't ever look the same in one photo to the next
wow, that must have been awesome to see them working!
yep i didn't see much just the crew standing around i just miss walking inside his trailer.
raid opens tomorrow and i am actually not prepared.
840 with 3rd relic or bench
reached san francisco. looking forward to visit &amp; series of meetings. agenda: maharashtra's economic growth &amp; employment generation.
welcome sir ...have a great trip
congratulations always beatiful
thank you guillermo.
incredibly proud of our remarkable team for restoring this iconic landmark !
and so proud you would all do that while forgoing pay......wait. what?
educated trump supporter. be careful throwing around fascist labels. obama took over gm, still controls
saving auto industry from bankruptcy isn't fascism. you're thinking healthcare.
where do i sign up?
it's an art appreciation class
felt the need to make this.
i this! i'm a feminist, and i couldn't agree more! we can be on the side of equity for all, no ideology or labels required!
its funny cuz this actually made me listen to it no headache yet
thats just crazy. its like being under the m
have any cfb questions for and ? get 'em in now, and we'll answer on facebook live in 1 hour!
what's the difference between usc 2 losses &amp; ou?
just about to start the nix by . always looking for new things to read, of course!
aching to stop everything 2 read enough said after listening to mark thompson on podcast. for
oh yes. well in japan maybe. you might be able to find a cat cafe in ny.
booo not the same! that said i will now investigate if this is a real option.
sometimes i just start cooking without knowing what i'm making and today is one of those days
update: i made some type of scramble thing with mushrooms. it was pretty bomb.
you actually are deplorable. enjoy the trip to block island.
with friends like the saudis who needs enemies?
that does upset tweetbot though!
yeah, i have to adjust favstar for the handling of them too. (assuming twitter's included the info in the api)
if i copied her song she would've bed. had credit i'm one of the fairest business women i know. smh.
even if you didn't hear the song, you can see where we're coming from. tynisha wasn't even upset, the fans were.
you ever wrote a review? like a detailed opinionated review? rather good, bad amazing or just...
it sort of reminds me of waiting to exhale i really think you should make the movie and have denzel direct it.
ah yes, the weekend glen park to balboa gap...glen park is my neighborhood...hope you enjoyed your stay while waiting for bus
it was amazing, the local sights were breathtaking and interacting with the locals a true pleasure
jeb bush made a surprise appearance during the emmys as an uber driver:
nobody watch that garbage!
i work in chelsea so my commute has been lovely.
my brother works in chelsea too but he was off saturday night
tappin in wit over here in e$$j
y'all niggas got fat need some of this whole foods
do you look away when ur mom eats?
"i once walked in on my parents having dinner"
the rest of his tweets aren't really famous quotes or close to woke
the guy can't write a pithy quote to save his life. but boy, could he write letters
dm me your snapchat:)
no thanks
you should consider getting a freezer full of ice cream for your office!
nonono. liquid nitrogen tank. everyone loves liquid nitrogen ice cream. plus: it is technically science!
retweet if you've ever given to a charity in order to get someone to sleep with you.
favorite if it worked.
haha yeah i just read it now. but trust me, you'll need 4k because if you don't get it now. you'll regret it later.
release date 23 oct.... hmmffff
... has had to deal with as a woman in her candidacy - i personally cannot be offended by someone i know is joking...
... no matter how outlandish a joke may be. cuz i mean if we were basing this off candidates game - trump would c...
that says that anyone that supports hillary is stupid or nave or blind. we aren't. i know hillary. i believe in hillary.
like her is another option. establishment politics r dead, , listen to the children, a new world is coming.
new york bombing suspect not on law enforcement radar: afp quotes mayor
quick efficient work by best police force in world. muslims don't belong in civilized societies
round out and smooth the seat and it will be fine
vic, i think you're too big for it.
got anything to roll with mija
i can get a dutch
have to drive somewhere to fly in non-crowded legal space. hassle. and mediocre video quality doesnt justify (for smaller drones)
you just wrote a product brief in a tweet lol
i this! i'm a feminist, and i couldn't agree more! we can be on the side of equity for all, no ideology or labels required!
and given the rise of , i frankly don't blame you for not wanting the label "feminist".
um, yeah, i can't say that i love the new visual design of notifications on . not elegant. clunky actually.
same! i'm in sf &amp; nyc friends were group texting @ 5:30 am it was a strobe light waking me up no way 2 adjust just turn off?!?!
educated trump supporter. be careful throwing around fascist labels. obama took over gm, still controls
and complaining abt obama while supporting candidate who's threatened 1a in terms of press &amp; religion
(2/2) plus clinton has a vagina and a crazy amount of people (including many liberals and a lot of women) are sexist.
so if u are a woman and criticise clinton u are sexist? as in i'm jewish &amp; cirticise israel--self-hating jew?
starting on a javascript game about train delays in the uk.
worst. loading screen. ever.
still thinking about that ceviche bronson was making on fuck that's delicious! last night.
i'm gonna master a ceviche recipe. i know it's simple but mine is going to be top notch.
if you don't think the ny gov't believes this was an act of terrorism...case and point. this type of high alert speaks volumes.
ok hilary, can we boldly declare this as terrorism now?!
i am shocked that a supporter of trump, who lies on the regular, doesn't want the debate moderators to fact check
that's bogus!
5 days till i'm at the fair stuffing my face w &amp; our fam...that's my motivation for the week
what fair??
bill weld won't quit on the millions of americans that support him. they will be on sunday
me thinks your numbers are off!
oh i feel like i'm cheating. we had to book at another chain this weekend because wenatchee was sold out don't hate us....
we don't hate you! we're just that much more excited to have you and todd stay with us again soon
you mean the lily drone that still hasn't shipped?
touche. i guess that's a hard thing to nail.
it's an asian cuisine chain
just google searched it,there's none in nyc i think jersey has the closest one to me
i love that shit and they better have s thigh tatt too!! lol
"you can cut me, but no stabbing baby"
major headway on w/ , , and to change the face of .
excited to stand with you!
the latest from : in the palm of your hand (1951) via
~ i appreciate that, jeff!
we are missing ac milan / inter milan by a day!
that's devastating. hopefully the party on the blue side of town will still be going on
word that shit scared the shit out of me
lmao i never woke up so fast in my life.
cool what did you see be lotta fun seeing them.
yes i did but they wouldn't let me stay for the part bruce doppelganger roam the streets.
you don't have to imaging these are your children; wallowing in waste is happening now. ...
it sure is. amazing, eye-opening exhibit.
they shouldn't count @'s either, but i mean...progress, i guess.
i feel like i read this a while ago and still no change. i'm ready.
seriously, she's not right - something's up. when she's off script her rhetoric gets very loose and hard to follow.
thats the problem with those old analog systems, one tube goes bad and - oh...you mean hillary. i thought you were talking stereos
i'm still thinking about the one i made!!! ceviche is life!
craving one like crazy
today is day!! i'm so happy for you guys!! have the best day of your life together.
thanks sammmmmyyyyyy ily
true indeed.
follow the money
on my eighth day as dictator-for-life, i will mandate an mpaa warning for all love triangle plots.
"rated r for ridiculous. inappropriate for all ages. depicts grown ass adults with no communication skills, gross happily-ever-after myths"
!!!!!!! did not realize u were writing the get down but that makes so much sense! ppl are raving about it!
thank you, sir!
educated trump supporter. be careful throwing around fascist labels. obama took over gm, still controls
tests &amp; blatantly lies abt threats to 2a to pander creates conflict btwn "educated" and trump supporter
mobile ordering while sitting in sb (no line either) is how lazy i am
now i just need to figure out how to get my coffee from the other side w/o having to get up
hello all! we have finally got the silk screen posters from taste of chaos fest up in the webstore. 18x24, hand...
really like mine that i picked up from the toc fest
lol . tap in with the discounts fam
i don't work there hit my line (415)755-8034
it's wrong to tear each other down. it's wrong to let income inequality get worse. it's wrong to put a loose cannon in charge.
in 8 years what have you done barry done about income inequality?
new york x tropical x quali last night
but where's the quali?
many thanks to my fantastic colleagues for the lovely gifts commemorating my ten years .
if it was prosecco you should have quit on the spot. bdb is civilized tho
what do you think about the dry run theory?
not likely. a dry run would entail making a "cool clock ahmed!" kind of inert device and watching the response.
i emailed 2 professors of mine from this past spring cuz i need to interview two people in a field of my same interests for this other class
and one is a interior designer and other is a architect but they didn't reply back to me
old hd25 where due being replaced. always great feeling getting new kit. i didnt blag them either!
love the sound on these cans but my ears start hurting after constant usage(big ears). ever tried the hd-26 ?
god bless the "only when stained" crowd. you're my kinda people.
i try to never wash mine, honestly. i'll vinegar wash them when i have to. or freezer bag them
but throughout, and i would say even today, the odds have always favored hrc winning and gop house.
in general, it's surprising just how predictable the partisan outcome of our fed elections are across exec &amp; congress.
cause he just got dunked on
ya come up in here ya gone get dunked on
to believe in american exceptionalism is simply to be grateful for what god has given us.
except if you stopped believing in "god" when you realized that other beings like santa &amp; the tooth fairy are also mythical.
with so many people (of color) locked up for minor offenses, seeing stuff like this is a slap in the face
i was with a friend when i first saw ads for this and was bothered. i explained why and she was like, "but
we can build a cleaner, more resilient electrical grid with enough renewable energy to power every home in the country.
why haven't you and barry done it yet?
9/26/2016..... the storm touches land.
another week? lol... this storm annoying.. going on so long..
sharing hallelujah with you all today - if you don't have you might like it! :d
thanks, babe. have an awesome monday!
jeffrey ross, last human alive, grabs his mic to roast the apocalypse, but it falls apart in his hands. "but there's time now!" he protests.
this is a really good joke
ceo articulates strategy, largely cribbed from other thinkers and even his own competitors, on a slower timeline. hailed as visionary. ok.
is vision really the best attribute to glorify? thinking visionary=predict &amp; watch. luminary/entrepreneur=envision &amp; make it so.
you already know g! appreciate it!
word bro yu already
"kick christians out now for what happened 700 years ago. leave the muslims alone ya meanies!" girl, ya sound like...
not to mention that is patently false, by the historical record.
...which i'm not wearing when i run/exercise.
i wonder if enough outcry whether they can remove the capacitance req for press event or if baked into hw.
definitely affiliated with wikipedia
all very reputable info forsure
sorry, guys, i just can't laugh at that video of corey feldman
like so much internal trauma people think if they can't "see" the problem it's not there.
college should be tuition-free for working families and debt-free for everyone:
only after bernie sanders said so.
hillary clinton's weakness while she was secretary of state, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont:
all you do is criticize. how is it that we have had more attacks since you have been running your mouth. i blame you.
plus im not the one who bought my ex girlfriend who doesnt know us into this either so
so coming to my house like crazy psycho bitches isn't harassment , okay got it and i'm not harassing anyone
but it came off a little upset... even her comments within the comments.. but i digress. have a great day loves
you too, love.
exactly our receivers are to good bra
right , but to save or season ken norton gotta go &amp; del rio gotta run the defense .
who asked that
i fucking wish someone asked me that but i just saw it in a video making fun of ztard people and i died hahahahah
you mean the lily drone that still hasn't shipped?
i was thinking along the lines of, gopro empowers people to film themselfes doing awesome stuff.
agreed. are you of the impression hillary has more respect for the freedom of the press? or less.
the post said, stuff you should criticism him on. that's right. in no way does it say she's better.
happy birthday dude!
i appreciate it thank you
that honestly made me mad
ikr! annoying af
we have a republican nominee for president who incites hatred and violence like we've never seen before.
give some examples?
the scallywag's favourite
sadly i cannot find a gif of alien from spring breakers discussing this.
with so many people (of color) locked up for minor offenses, seeing stuff like this is a slap in the face
it's snoop's show!" like, as if...
no, it's not ok to leave your family to be a "6-yr-old girl". thanks liberals &gt;&gt;
this is getting out of control
dive into the mind of &amp; with our immersive vr experiment:
just saw this this was amazing everybody needs to check this out
took a step toward slaying my getting ready to order merch for the ep !
great! best of luck with the release!
athena is learning how to say
is she learning to say it to apollo is the question
plus im not the one who bought my ex girlfriend who doesnt know us into this either so
you and magenta keep texting me and chris when we don't respond , stop . we don't like you take the hint
chris christie says the u.s. needs to be more vigilant against threats posed by extremists
i'm more scared of power-mad republicans screwing up traffic &amp; other such things as political payback for imagined slights.
happy birthday bro stay up turn up
thanks brotha much appreciated
breaking news saved me from summer.
same on nbc. sad state we give 0 fucks for preempting our stories.
"the lesson she passed on to me was simple but powerful: no one gets through life alone." -hillary on her mom
have some good isis chicken to choke on!!
i be posting how to make ecuadorian ceviche on the snap
ok let me know when you do so i can tune in
lol. the debate is going to be morbidly fascinating.
i'm forcing myself to watch one of them for context, then i may have to tap out.
i feel like personally offended that they called a claddagh a princess ring......
..like they're used as family heirlooms &amp; engagement rings.. not to give to your gf as a "promise ring"
but where's the quali?
as you can see the bottles empty
but it came off a little upset... even her comments within the comments.. but i digress. have a great day loves
and i heard the whole song for keke for the first time today. it's a great song btw.
i have a job interview for today :)
best of luck!
oh with lol thanks (:
i remember waiting in line to see if i could be be one of the judges '')
yes good morning to you to friend!!
nice farm!!!
agreed. are you of the impression hillary has more respect for the freedom of the press? or less.
she isn't. but the corporate press always hits the wrong target.
there's love in sharing
haha i know but not this time
new york bombing suspect not on law enforcement radar: afp quotes mayor
excellent job by nypd &amp;fbi !! live muslim will sing to authorities &amp; reveal his handlers in afpak!
shit is temporary nowadays, one day you'll be fucking with someone heavy and they next y'all ain't shit to each other.
females be too damn petty thats why lol
i suppose you help and give attention to every homeless you see?
no, that's the point. my dad was homeless too.
yes, a victory for patient power but not necessarily for patients.
. couldn't agree more -- patient power victory right thing for patients
thanks sir u follow me
dear friend you are most welcome.
oh my how glad i am to have found you
we are delighted that you found us and hopefully we can bring you a taste of home :)
hi ! the truck is on your corner serving up tips &amp; treats. join us til 2pm!
i can't find y'all! not in the same place as last week? need those cookies! :)
get in2 c this uplifting breath of fresh air with effortlessly brill
nice to meet you mate! x
really ? are you a gulubut
this is anti gulu forum
"rated r for ridiculous. inappropriate for all ages. depicts grown ass adults with no communication skills, gross happily-ever-after myths"
til then i'll just keep shaking my fist at the screen yelling "just have a threesome already!" "dude gonna bore you to tears in a year!"
huh. i guess this is working now where i can post media to a full extent of 140 characters and not worry about atta...
and yes, that's a real tinder profile i found.
lmfaooo why does this shit happen to you
god hates me
you mean the lily drone that still hasn't shipped?
and an auto tracking drone would be a sweet product offering that consistent with that idea.
we have some beauties. but could we sic the neural net on home movies?
would love to scan the rocks ! have not seen many nn + direct video, but lots of ai scripts like
regrettably no gender balance in panel!
congrats! they have an
icymi | now holds the record for the most defensive rebounds in a single-season! congrats stewie!
its only just begun for this outstanding youth player. congrats!
i'm gonna master a ceviche recipe. i know it's simple but mine is going to be top notch.
when you perfect it, swing that over here! love ceviche.
what did 4 me :-)
real friends. how many of us??
tweet back: what story are you interested in, that you believe isn't getting reported? don't send me something that's in the headlines ; )
u.s. accidental attacks in syria.
&lt;3 you are the best thank you for validating my self-care.
i wish everyone did this! although maybe that's what yelp is? maybe?
which major party candidate do you feel is better equipped to combat terrorism? let us know why.
hrc is sane
sometimes you gotta change a bit to cope with new experiences. your old self couldn't handle what you can now.
i'm talking about people being who they are not
a little britain. thanks,
thank you, delighted we could bring you a true taste of home here in the us :)
london survived a lot more of these bastards, and they were irish, and rich, and sophisticated. so i don't want to hear it.
in both ulster and london the citizenry really did refuse to be cowed by violent attacks, they cleaned up and got on with it
hey mike. i'd love to connect for just a few mins. can i dm you?
just followed you.
chris christie finally just got ensnared in the bridgegate scandal
i guess that's why he wasn't picked for vp.
new york fears ranked 1. pushed into subway tracks 2. seamless outage 3. have to go to times square 4. fav dive bar gentrified 1,563: isis
born/live in queens, schooled in brooklyn, work in manhattan. not a day goes by that i don't fear threat of islamic terror.
i wish and would quit spoiling clearly is the best ticket
you mean the pothead who never heard of aleppo when it was all over the newspapers &amp; tv? he looked stoned!
chris christie finally just got ensnared in the bridgegate scandal
good for his lying ass. he gave the orders from the very beginning.
booking info in her bio = minimum of 23 bodies to her name
and they all over 6'0 and/or got beards. rt ": booking info in her bio = minimum of 23 bodies to her name"
i had a good morning and i got stuff done. wow. filled my quota for the month. back to bed.
it was just battling the ever piling notifications in my life and i gotta say y'all got lots of energy
you and magenta keep texting me and chris when we don't respond , stop . we don't like you take the hint
i don't like you believe me that ship has sailed i texted you bc you said we were cool and all but okay nick
on the plane, hooking my headphones in to watch the movie, i realized that once i get the new iphone i won't be able to do that anymore.
just get a 3.5mm to lightning adapter. then you could make a bracelet with the lightning to 3.5mm adapter so you won't lose it.
, continued. hillary averaging 40% in three states pres. obama won.
keep the good job kellyanne! we the people's power/silent majority love you!!!
im pretty sure laura's narrative is just another of her works of fiction.
denying both history &amp; current world events is the mark of a fool. fools bore me.
i'm forcing myself to watch one of them for context, then i may have to tap out.
predictions: trump blows hot air &amp; makes shit up, moderators wuss out &amp; don't challenge him, hillary gets flustered &amp; yells.
the black community will be insulting if we don't vote for how about him insulting us?!
if u think that drumpf will fix all that u are articulately deluded. can't ignore obstructionism
please tell her that's problematic, it's not your job but that's traumatizing
yeah, i am after class. i don't think she's realizing how problematic it is but i'm putting her in her place.
clearly. but the general silence as to her own obvious disregard and disrespect for the press seems to.
yes, but i've sent a millions tweets about how she sucks. one about him is bad?
yes i can woo. i just have to work that morning till 230
good i think we got lawn seats but yes come with us please
haha well if you decide to, we can work on it together. i'm waiting for my new swatch to come in!
okey. sounds good.
i think this is really hard to say as it depends on the challenges the government faces and how ryan chooses to govern his caucus.
actually, in divided government, it's more important how the potus governs. to "get things done", potus must fight own party. /1
wtf?? surely no one is this stupid ?!?!!
come to america and you'll see
who should my bf be
well there it is boys the polls don't lie
i think a bag of chips are a good replacement for a full meal and that's why i don't consider myself an adult at 19
i just ate 10 butterfingers and a for lunch
it's raining in new york and i love it
you're in nyc?
clearly. but the general silence as to her own obvious disregard and disrespect for the press seems to.
as you said, they're both monsters
quick happy birthday to my niggas this weekend. . nothin but love for these people
thanks alfred
5/ of the data with a small population number and other uncontrolled confounding
i think the # of aa boys less than 20 &amp; maybe &lt; 15
kasich: i will not be 'bullied' by rnc chair for not supporting trump
good. you must be so fucking happy to hurt the rest of us by allowing hillary to be te-elected. thank you
"yeah but guess what" from my game come join the fun
she looks like she's about to initiate a rad dance battle
when is the claim it app going to work
very soon. we are releasing a big update. stay tuned.
"trump would be restrained by congress and lose in 2020" is prob the message i hear most from green voters
what about in foreign affairs, the military and the federal administrative state which operates the executive?
bring back bernie sanders. clinton might actually lose to trump.
too late, i have no respect for him any more, he's just like the rest...
i'm sorry but can anyone show me the scripture that showed jesus was for violence?
ask the people who had their clinics bombed by christians. they wonder that too.
the text was "sick, i got zelda up and running on my phone this morning". i don't know what the final tally was b...
there should be a quailvlog covering your sordid phone history.
well it's good. are u guys ok in ny?
yeah we str8 they dont fucc with the burbs ova here
as rape kits go untested, evidence processing needs reform now. we did it with police body cameras, we can do it again
i wasn't aware the police body camera issue was settled, at least not in the us
in both ulster and london the citizenry really did refuse to be cowed by violent attacks, they cleaned up and got on with it
contra what you saw in boston and so forth, with delaying the ballgames. and then the goddamn merchandise.
"you know what no one hates? improv"
yes, and it's so f u n n y that we're having this conversation at...*listens to crowd* i think i heard "comics convention"?
so cool!! so glad you guys are watching
loved the session
all you had to say was "hey stop texting me we're not friends anymore" so dont act like there were hints being thrown at us
amen its not that fucking hard lol
i use safari tabs as a to-read list. ios 10 periodically loses the last tab. awesome.
i've noticed that since before 10. now i always keep a google tab focused so if i lose it then \_()_/
wait...but the ottoman empire existed even in the 20th century, it's not ancient turkey...does he mean the assyrians? help him
i have no clue, a kept saying "ancient turkey, or the otterbox empire" and i was losing it
taking design and deploy fast track v6 this week. going for a vcap soon!
best of luck joshua, you got this!
favorite if it worked.
hell, people donate $50 to just so will follow them on twitter. that's donating to a charity with hope of influence.
i can't stand it
i need to loose his laugh box
soon he'll ,main jo bhi hoon,apne fanke wajah se hoon.u guys my extended family!aww. split personality?!
split personality or a changed1, watevr,i m loosing interest "extended family" 2b ignored&lt;celebrityvcmantra
i see. you don't deserve that.
i really don't
about to go live w/ in the kexp studios w/ new songs! (new lp out 9/23) listen at
thx for heads up. greetings from the east coast !
every floor in my building has characteristics that reflect their residents, 5th is the hot ppl party floor, 8th is the boring crying floor
guess which one is my floor (hint: not the fifth)
well it's good. are u guys ok in ny?
it messed up my saturday night plans tho
new video - unboxing every iphone 7 - rt!
i love the color black iphone 7 plus. if you're going to giveaway an black iphone 7 plus please lewis. i hope i win it.
my personal (not that) hot take: using sj language as a shibboleth basically always does more harm than good. it moves fast!
and yelling at someone for not knowing the exact right words but having the concepts right feels...very backwards, i guess.
i don't know...not much. probably a convenient excuse for something that was going to happen anyway
thanks. painful to watch this thing carry on like this
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
most of these attacks are carried out by radicalized muslims and citizens. glad he was taken alive this time.
happy birthday can't wait to finally meet u at camp flog gnaw
omg yaaas! thank you love
three crazies, one sane person
the only sane person is hillary. most qualified &amp; most experienced too!
go dap up abdul ahkbar bro hes waiting for you at the chicken joint in jersey he told me
oh word?! tell him to chop it up in a mixed plate for me ill be there at 3
aren't they a couple of airframes late on the do little name
i'm confused. why do we need brand new strategic stealth bomber again?
ok thanks micheal! great news for sure.. thanks for the update :-)
your welcome
in 1977 spielberg took out an ad in variety congratulating lucas's star wars when it overtook jaws at the box office
is it me or is the phrasing a little condescending?
need an answer asap : should i get a new rose gold or gold macbook air???
i always go against the popular opinion thnks
interview? clinton said no. trump said yes.
she has too much to lose with an unbiased reporter....on second thought, any reporter!
if your trying to hit my phone up to tell me happy birthday, its currently off but hit me up here :)
happy birthday!
we would like to raise a toast to toasted lager! enjoy this world beer cup gold medal winning brew!
thanks guys! cheers!
okay. that's good. that's scary smh.
yeah i think they found like 5 more too
i just can't follow how all the following and unfollowing takes place on twitter
well, as of now you are up to 74,11 - 11 11
how are we. aren't twitter friends?? love you!!
we might need marital counseling. shocked we're not twitter friends! we good baby. miss you!
councilman taking his diet seriously at dem county annual breakfast (no sausage!)
breakfast of champions!!
literally and a $22 one with fake gems.... really??
anything to fit in met someone w a triskele tattoo like me the other day &amp; i said i liked it &amp; she said "it's from teen wolf!"
bernie supporters have no where to go but to honest gary "abe" johnson who is more faithful and has better solutions than bernie.
bernie's centerpiece platform vastly expands dept. of education. johnson wants to eliminate it. he's the antithesis
'moonlight' bkstg vip experience will be $500
is that the cheapest one???
my son is a little sleepy today! rygli says happy monday everyone.
im guessing he's about a year old?
"prop. 13 may have increased homeownership for older californians, while decreasing it for younger californians."
"fiscal incentives do not appear to have major influence on land use decisions" lol.
hey gregg good afternoon you can't be tagged in photos, i tried.
good win bro good win wonder why i can't be tagged in photos
breaking: wanted: ahmad khan rahami, 28, in connection with the chelsea/elizabeth bombing he definitely looks irish
thank hiliry and hussein obama for this and million other scum in my country
dream car. oversees delivery programthey fly u to europe, u pick up car, drive around euro, they ship car to u
whaaaa?! dude, that's epic.
.: "this would make the 111th isis jihadist killed or arrested in america in the last 25 months"
shows how bad things have gotten recently!
police union threatens to stop escorting dolphins players who kneel...
maybe they'll make it on the field without getting in the back hire the no more
luckily my sister in law took complete over i chose a date&amp; color scheme &amp; that's it lol
honestly shout out to her lmao
"i'm the only candidate in this race who's been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield. -hillary
you, your majesty, have done nothing but to help terrorists get stronger.
dark and a stormy vibes for this cloudy day
dark and stormy slushee* vibes
this framing is... not my favorite in history
gross, i don't get these people who think normalizing terrorism is "cool." they are handing trump the election.
that's how it usually goes. i see both sides but realistically i'm not stopping my life over a bomb + trampa is not even close
bombs happen everywhere... nyc aint gon stop... nd we caught the fuckers anyway its lit
time for my redemption
lol i cant win every year. or can i...
media will highlight issues right? so could be productive
it's certainly what i'd be spending my time on during florida week.
this is a brilliant idea. similar approach used with success in other arenas, e.g.
i almost tweeted that link as a follow-up.
just denim jeans? where do jeans from other materials stand? also, i don't know anyone who owns a pair of levi's.
i think it's just the denim material, but in the us, it's pretty much just jeans, though gap still wants us to wear jackets.
white house touts victories overseas amid bombings in new york and new jersey.
the return of baghdad bob
liberals brutally mocked for playing down nyc explosion, claiming locals were eating gelato via
seems like the libs thinks this is all fun &amp; gaems / until 1 of them gets killed freaks
nj sen. bob menendez: "from my perspective, it's an act of terrorism."
i live in nj &amp; know that sen bob menendez will say &amp; do anything to get positive pr for his upcoming criminal corruption trial
kick christians out of where, their own countries? what religion are you out of curiosity?
i was suggesting that they apply their own logic evenly, to all bloody-handed religions.
i feel that but you can make something up with what you have!!!
minnie mouse it is lol
more people want the truth about t than the emmys!!!
because the emmy's happen every year but what you have put together is once-in-a-lifetime.
yeah, i fear that we're going to end up like a tv showroom: blow out the colors and be "better".
i'm not immune to it. i love well-saturated colors, but if it comes at the cost of color accuracy, it ain't worth it.
great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
we don't need you to keep us safe. stop lying to your supporters. the police and fbi are doing fine without you.
remotes are friends not food!
put some hot sauce on it
beef stick and okra? okay now i no longer want it you can have it
pickled okra!! it's the bees knees.
nyc and nj bombed, mn suffers multiple stabbings and we're told to blame trump's word &amp; not hillary's policies.
just another redirect to take the spotlight off her!
like, by jacking up aids medicine to $750 a pill?
what price should it be, genius?
sounds like a mosquito zapper, kills some mosquitos but just ends up attracting more in the long run
more like releasing sterile mosquitos. they distract the fertile ones and screw up their breeding. :)
his books have a marble bust on the cover so of course these guys are fans
i like to joke that the alt-right (dunno if that weirdo was) like to jerk off to busts of roman emperors
again thanks friend bandles of thanks n pray for me please allah keep u happy and safe amin
you are most welcome dear friend.
when a major arts institution calls you three days in a row to hustle you after you've already said "i will donate later."
from my contacts list...woops
oil executive forrest lucas on 's short list for interior | ap photo
. perfect, a wolf in the hen house.
pinocchio is at it again lying trump
this sob can hold a straight face with his lies trump
i bet. was the state n lockdown?
lol no niggas aint worried bout them niggas but i was gonna party like 2 blocks away from that bomb lol so i dubbed it
i really just realized that "af" is to 2016 as "to the max" was to 1982.
i miss matt groenig's yearly list of forbidden words.
funny... the mom i was telling you about loves these kinds of shirts and also wild horse ones. oh and jesus quotes! lol
what if there was a howling wolf shirt with jesus quotes?!
children document life in world's largest syrian refugee camp in jordan through photos:
i like to see when children learn or have outlets for their feelings.
exactly it's litttttyyy
ending my webster reign on an amazing note with trampa... we all gettin crazy
i lived through all of this, only to see it rise again. when will we ever learn?
sadly, the stain of racism &amp; bigotry in this country will probably never be completely eradicated. we must call it what it is.
john locke is definitely an ab positive blood type of man
fuck i didnt know that!! probs ehy i failled
what team did clayton kershaw defeat for his first career win?
the washington nationals
just 1 month.... and a bit
yeah, but in have 3 drones in my amazon cart with 2 day delivery and my cursor hovering over the order button.
to be fair, gave up about 185 of those 201.
to break it down: fsu 63, texas 50, oklahoma 45, alabama 43.
update: ya girl is goin vegetarian for a week
update: i did this to become healthier but now im just eating chips bc theyre the only things w/o meat
she can't be serious rn
why you gotta expose me like that
how many of y'all would consider yourself a jr. designer? maybe you're in college, high school, or in the first couple years of your career...
or an ios developer of seven years who's dabbled in design off and on. :)
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
well, he came here as a child. he was likely radicalized by the hateful rhetoric of people like you.
what is best link to learn more/ sign up? button not linking online. thanks!
should be working now! otherwise, dm?
yeah, but in have 3 drones in my amazon cart with 2 day delivery and my cursor hovering over the order button.
and it's not just 1 month... it's like 3, as i need to wait for reviews.
they can't make a valid claim of why to back trump. they can only scare us with the threat of a president clinton.
it's a valid scare..
it's really awkward when you walk into a room and everyone stares at you
well it's hard not to stare when you walk in because you're so dang beautiful
. claimed said, 'half of america are deplorable' when she didn't. then he said this:
princess his running mate is no better he's a sophisticated liar
is there a way to set up 2 routers on a network such that router b is still accessible to directly connected devices if router a is down?
i have a linksys wrt1900acs and we get coverage across the street. maybe just upgrade to near-industrial gear?
i thought we'd left this childish "ruining the magic" crap behind. there are tons of good reasons to take off a head. let people have fun.
i hope we aren't past that. not saying there aren't reasons, but it should be an issue of need. or just not in public space.
morning loves!
you brighten up this very dreary day by saying. "hi"!
obviously the nyc attacks are not good, but it's clear this is not an elite terror cell. competency level: slightly above shoe bomber.
and yet we all still have to take our shoes off on every flight.
"79% of twitter users that follow a have rt'd their content." via
thanks for sharing with your followers!
i dont want my female friends to think i will constantly flirt with their bf so i was always loyal to my bf
tbh, if you're friends are worried about that, then i dont think they are good friends...
pets? kids? we know you love to share! reply &amp; follow by 3pm est for a chance to win 1/140 products!
theses are my mess makers
well, like the trackpad, the button doesn't physically move.
i've got an iphone 7 as well. button def has load sensing, just a matter of if hw can act on that alone.
thanx 4 following me. please check out my cannabis travel blog
we will check it out! thank you :)
i missed it! i'm sorry! i also gave up. people care and are yelling it from social media to panels to magazine arti...
that would make sense. and people can use their visibility for positioning later on too.
this is a dumb law and has been a massive giveaway of ca land value appreciation over the last 40 years.
obvs hack would be ballot measure to take commercial housing/buildings out from under prop 13. get cities to build more too
speaking &amp; mentoring artists &amp; signing my book sept 24th &amp; 25th @ general's residence &amp; fort mason- sf
at wcs conference! ?s call 650.654.3966 register
"like" if you're in pr or marketing &amp; interested in exchanging best practices for social impact pr
perhaps we could form a post happy hour/meet-up.
i don't like creepily over-articulated human hands on my raccoons so i don't know why apple thought i wanted them o...
on the emoji, you can just barely see calluses from the tennis lessons her mother used to take her too, when life was simple.
i need to restock in yoga pants.
my moms gets hella mad because i always wear leggings or yogas &amp; i keep buying more
wow, new iphone 7 plus shipped two weeks early - thanks ! my 5 is on it's last leg, long overdue for a refresh . . ,
which one did you order?
question to americans, and to people who follow americans on twitter: what % of the people you follow are black?
shouldn't "idk, maybe just " be an option? i'd guess it's common.
here's the question "you believe children get too many vax, which diseases do you want to return?"
whatever one renders trump mute.
nothing in the last 8 years gives me hope about this.
. obama never accepted the lessons of clinton &amp; reagan with divided government.
uh, okay, now i have to figure out how to explain that i can't go to this team-building event
"can't make it to the team building event. i'm uh, too busy... building.....teams.....fuck"
trumps the only candidate who supports our brave police!!!!
yes but not the fbi. has been very critical of them. they cracked the case and swiftly too. we don't need trump.
why am i sorta het for the cop in stranger things? he must look like an entertainer i enjoy or a friend of mine or something
note : this actor *is* am entertainer
i actually am. ill see how many i can get to hand out as many as i can.
is this gonna be like a giveaway or is it gonna be first-come-first-serve? i could use one for vids
is there a map that tells you where pokemons are at?
there used to be but i think niantic/nintendo asked them to shut it down
i need a nice l ride down the highway tonight
u and me both smh
comparing your circumstances to someone else's spikes jealousy and leads to bitterness. it's an unhealthy habit that people need to drop.
you do you regardless of how/what someone else is doing
. claimed said, 'half of america are deplorable' when she didn't. then he said this:
princess and trumpeter the bad news for united states
he doesn't ever look the same in one photo to the next
maybe that's why no one recognized him at fashion week last year
it's not easy but i'm trying to fix age of apocalypse in my head and all i'm coming up with is "street rat storm and mystique road trip"
"psylocke with some sort of character."
can linking hippie ideals to the capitalist system really transform the world?
what do you think? i'm interested to hear.
"any citizen can take action and go from a regular citizen to a global goals hero." we agree !
thanks!
she finally got a job
shady boots!
why am i sorta het for the cop in stranger things? he must look like an entertainer i enjoy or a friend of mine or something
also: i like the phrase "sorta het for"
she's so lame like why did they make the iconic rashida jones like this?
i fucking know!! rashida didn't deserve this
guess: adding position feedback to your cnc?
yep, new cnc project that could use the position feedback. still waffling between doing it angularly or with feducials / cv though
only pepe and trump can save us now.
time to wake up and smell the stink of isis here and we'll financed by obama and clinton!
throwback to our 'sparks' remix which we released 4 years ago! who remembers this one?
i remember exactly where i was when i first heard this... this song is still amazing
theres fearcthen there caution. big difference. big. huge
caution out of fear is still fear. irrelevant distinction politicians &amp; govt just disguise fear as caution
guess chief keef really blew new jersey up
chillllllllll bruh
guess apple just used generic 2-3 week window for anyone who didn't get first batch?
yeah i think they want to err on the side of caution when giving those estimates
if being sorted into a magical house called "wampus" isn't a sign of where my life currently is idk what else is.
i got pukwudgie and still have no idea what it means. the american houses are weird.
my credit card limit increased im not sure how i should feel about this
same!!!! like why are y'all trusting me with this
where is it?!
in the exhibition hall next to the stage
couldn't handle the fellow's face on the magazine. good god.
americans are absolutely not cut out to respond to even a small scale attack, the future terrifies me
you mean the lily drone that still hasn't shipped?
but i failed to mentioned i'm pumped for the the hero 5 black. making it water resistant is huge.
": he's the only candidate that will keep us safe!"
we are already safe. don't need trump after all.
.: "the fbi is investigating the minnesota incident as a potential act of terrorism."
"potential" was before the attack in the name of... since the attack its no longer "potential". stop with the code words
this tweet here sums up why it's so hard to end police violence.
check out my tweets and retweets man. i am committed to ending police violence and holding bad cops accountable.
that's what they found! surprised me!
yeah, me too. could be nimby homeowners trump the economic reasons for lack of housing
but who's making your graphic then
lmaoooo imma be double tasking i guess! it was nice bc uo's defense only ran cover 1 the whole game. i torched em
found it. supposed to accelerate in water w/ marine prop, get on foils, take off w/ aero prop. didn't work
ad targeting has become sentient
"one of the best play-callers in the nfl." i hear this again and again, but i've never seen him call a good game.
where was ripkowski and the power run game???
definitely want to check this out. host a lab with my students.
let's make it happen!
is trump blaming clinton for the attacks here?
he's trying to shift blame b/c hrc stated that trump is a recruiting tool for isis. oh and yes he is.
check out my tweets and retweets man. i am committed to ending police violence and holding bad cops accountable.
but you seem to be saying we should never portray good cops on tv? i agree many shows cross a line. but not that episode of svu.
the brilliant mooncop (that's cop, not cup) by reviewed in
one of my favorite illustrators. we read "your just jealous of my jet pack" until it fell apart.
when your business is suspected of involvement in terrorism, your yelp reviews get interesting fast.
come for the fried chicken, stay for the jihadi rhetoric( with cole slaw)
we might have to another day unless u wanna come to me and drew banga's session later .
where dat at?
that why i stay away from you
thought you was my nigga tho
the message was simple: "wanted: ahmad khan rahami, 28-yr-old male. see media for pic. call 9-1-1 if seen."
technology at its best!!
theres fearcthen there caution. big difference. big. huge
if we were really interested in caution we'd hve no problem w stronger borders &amp; immigration vetting process
gap is super big in japan only b/c it's "american fashion" but i find their clothes generic and overpriced.
i'm not too big on them for anything but denim jeans. but even then i prefer uniqlo because they offer free alterations.
that's bizarre.. was he/she a broker? or just recommending? or predicting?
transamerica financial agent selling me on iuls / life insurance. smart sales strategy as you are trapped with them!
well, there just went my appetite. good for the diet though.
you don't like sweet crunchy chicken?
not so funny now are you...?
you're still wrong asshole lol and speaking out of your ass fear mongering doesn't help anyone. but yes i'm still hilarious
(editor's note: she's not.) jill stein has got to be kidding via
she is a disgusting attention seeking narcissist
kap is a disgrace he has stained the country that has afforded him all of his opportunity. &amp; 100+ million contract
his athletic talent afforded him that opportunity
i love that the lady whose slogan is "stronger together" called her opponent a traitor &amp; his supporters deplorable.
the racist are deplorable, sean. that's called calling a spade a spade
russia declares war on cheese, cracks down on "dairy mafia"
some pretty heavy stuff man
the french president calls it such, it doesn't stop it from happening does it!?
i just hate the degradation of the language that liberals are imposing its stalinist
i'm also planning to stay off social media while i'm there - so i'll be deleting my facebook and (mostly) automating my twitter account
fingers crossed this is the genesis of the singularity
this is the biggest flex ever. ur a weenie
girl don't tempt me, i got them receipts
dude only 4 of 28 black nominees won. lost in all 8 major acting categories. what do you call diverse
diversity does not only mean black. several gay men and women won. an egyptian won. two asians won. etc.
flying on one of 's new e-175 aircraft. the large windows and leg room are awesome! i'm a tall guy.
downside of new aircraft interior: no proper head-rest. leaning back puts head on hard plastic. makes it difficult to sleep
of course they will they think that trump alone can beat isis. and isis is sitting back hoping he becomes president
i don't know how hillary turns these people.trump is a fraud, no clue, no plan, yet recent events feed his narrative.
omg you work here! do you get covered in glitter from those bath bombs? xd your work clothes gotta smell great everyday xd
allllll the time xd but i love it. and yeah i'll bring things into the store to make them smell good
at least he's willing to protect our homeland
we are protected.
they had a cute shawl that caught my eye because it was 50% off but when i walked in and saw the price i did a full u turn.
yeah they aren't the cheapest on regular accessories and tops.
"playing the piano is not a good business" -
lololol, what's that from?
how the hell did you get that chest already
it was a $9.99 in my store came with 100000 gold and 1200 gems
the adaptive nature of working out loud
hi simon, here at responsive conference sf, would you happen to be here?
thanks so much for this! so glad i found it.
good stuff right? i know i liked it. have a great day guys.
he disputes every time he loses
idek who you are why are you on my dick
lmfao one year ago today stations of the blunt
this is so fucked up lmaaaao
hillary owns this imported terrorist crap!
she owns them but we are expected to pay for them!
gosh. it gets better in my desk clean up adventures: unused drink tickets for erlang factory sf 2011. how do i still have this?
seriously, that is some shit tier drinking!!! (:
happy birthday bro, have a good one get xan'd out
you already know my nigga i love you bro thanks i appreciate it
left the gun ... took the cannoli
i made this same joke about 2 hours ago. perfect
i looked at that and i couldn't tell if they were still playing anymore. good stuff
very interesting
i also know did some thinking about open source re: chambara so might be good to loop him in
yep, i do have thoughts on this
americans are absolutely not cut out to respond to even a small scale attack, the future terrifies me
simultaneously so much of the country insists powerful firearms should be openly available. its insane, will be bad
theres fearcthen there caution. big difference. big. huge
however caution only utilized against americans on own soil &amp; not others coming in or here, isn't caution at all
i hate him so much man
he's been downright awful this season
don't click on this
i thought i was being smart by doing it anyway i was wrong
roomier tweets for all:
any idea when tweetbot on ios and mac will support this? is this even open to 3rd parties?
god i love casey in that outfit
yyyyaaass i agree with u me too
well between filling out forms &amp; this, i guess that's *my* evening sorted...
banger of an album.
i don't ever crave in n out but i'm dying for their fries rn
so now you want in n out
a very good article about asad shafiq
sir he is good player for test but he cannot play aggressively, he is another azhar ali
i made this***
who showed it to you ???
800 illegal immigrants that should had been deported were granted citizenship!
wow! homeland insecurity!
son shit wack
that's a fact let's make one
happy birthday glee... the "charger" will forever be your gift!
i'm devastated that i broke it... thank you ang
since my roommates feel free to fuck here whenever, can i feel free to hide a bottle of vodka here behind their back
(they're not into drinking)
longer routes shouldn't happen unless to avd traffic. would you mind giving us more info?
can you confirm that advertising partners play no factor in determining the fastest route?
disney princess! peter pan, flower crown and snapchat.
i love you so much!
lipstick great! who's phyrne fisher??
it is a series from australia. miss fisher is much more glamorous than i am!
the problem with cs is that everything is tiny when you play on a higher resolution
thats native lol 1920x1080 is best unless your blind then play 4:3
while was drugged up this weekend, slashed this man at a mall!
this is deplorable!
i find this unpersuasive. asher has no (known) reason to lie. sid's word is hot garbage. and he has track record.
by the same token, would it also not surprise for blumenthal to pursue this sort of thing by going rogue, on his own?
i am shocked that a supporter of trump, who lies on the regular, doesn't want the debate moderators to fact check
i am not shocked that you have so little confidence in hillary clinton that you think she can't do the job on her own.
loool that'd be awesome xd
i might just buy it and then send it to belgium because it would suit you ;)
thanks for the lead... ? go something like this?
we make lots of graphics for our twitter and instagram feeds. dm us to talk more?
if i prayed i'd honestly pray for some of you. y'all so far up your own asses you can't see how truly stupid you make yourself look.
i'm totally aware of how i look wendy thank you very much!
on aug. 20, the had a 6.7% chance at the . things have changed.
20-7, insane
rivet city, 4:15 no excuses
just me u and bon bc jarred got class till 6
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
came here as a child and was radicalized probably by you and your big mouth.
another warm day ahead for . timelapse of this morning's w/ some smoke aloft.
i noticed the pinkish hue of the sun on my commute this morning and had a feeling there was smoke aloft...
i rarely lol, but did when got frog in throat sat.night! . props to &amp; for picking him up
don't include galloway!!! he didn't do anything. he was dying laughing!!!
i beat you every single damn time we played against each other lmfao disputing bitch
whattttttttt i played u in a lmg sniper tourney and made u lite that's the only time i played you
lol i feel sleep deprived ): on my day i can sleep in i had to be up at 8
same, i had an 8am test so actually had to be up by 7 why is adulting so hard
i'm really fr about this whole vegetarian thing i'm tryna have a healthier lifestyle
proud of you
anthony henry for sure
or terrance newman ...
after 9/11, trump lined up a $150,000 grant for one of his buildings near ground zero even though it was undamaged
now this qualifies as deplorable!
hillary wasn't my first choice in the primary i was all in for bernie but trump is not an option at all we can't let it happen.
a protest vote only gets trump in the white house, want to teach them a lesson? primary the establishment once she's in office..
happy birthday to my favorite coffee &amp; hot cheetos addict ty for everything you do boo!
your the best everrrr! thank once again baby girl love you lots!!!!
fbi says there's no indication if there is a cell operating in the area (via )
in other words, they haven't found it yet.
pretty interesting that saban mentioned cam sims ahead of robert foster in the wide receiver rotation.
that's a real mystery to a lot of bama fans. once, listed ahead of ridley.
am i a spoiler? only for disliked candidates who serve the wealthy.
and possibly for those of us seeking to end a right-wing and the push for a progressive nominee
and no it won't be in the sp style, but outfits. scenarios. favorite lines. *screams at* plz get hype with me.
the superheroes costumes!! haha
as requested the video of phil hurting his hand filming my new video
this the greatest thing i've ever seen
no, not really. if ryan only allows what can be passed by gop votes alone to the floor, he gives veto to freedom caucus.
neither ryan or boehner stuck to the "hastert rule". and things are getting done in congress.
an entire high school class is watching some of their classmates fight on the corner of 14th and sixth. livestreams to punches thrown=10:1
why was this a tweet and not a periscope
looks like a fun time! random question, but was the person in the lobster suit the one handing out lobsters?
no, that was rob, a rotary club hancho. he took pictures with guests! others served the delicious lobsters...
i bet this update gets rid of our space disease in destiny.
2.4.0.3 - the one about penicillin.
at some point will hashtags be excluded also ? or is afraid of the ol' free collect call
- that was the best...1-800-collect..."please say your name"...."mom, it's me. come pick me up. soccer practice is over"
to ride the bench and his gm wants to cut him.
he's coming off of an injury, barely involved in preseason. and 49'ers have great management lol.
i beat you every single damn time we played against each other lmfao disputing bitch
did u quit cod cause u suck or u still play? cause u can chall me any amount
god bless you if you think my pizza choice makes me 19 ;-)
my age was 22
right, because mean tweets are far deadlier than ieds in garbage cans.
no, because hate produces hate. and radicalization regardless of faith
but i heard it on your show! :)
oh, i know. i said the same thing as we were putting it together....
why did i forget my bluetooth headphones? because they were on my desk charging. another reason why wireless audio is too early.
check out b&amp;o h7. i charge them maybe once a week, use them constantly
i remember last night when and i try to take a nice picture last night but it wasn't happening
maybe we were just too high to function
"hes probably in hip replacement surgery" ily
for real though because where else
(1/2) i had a dream last night that instead of driving home from school i hitched a wagon ride from some amish dudes down the highway
(2/2) then i spent the rest of the dream releasing i left the car at school and i had to figure out a way to get it
what would president trump's first term look like? 's sobering article is a must-read election piece
shhh! i don't even want to imagine it!
caption contest
guy in the yellow tie asked to keep one of my signs &amp; gave me the biggest hug. knowing my sign went on the trail w bernie
i hate okra hate to most people it has little flavor but to me it is powerfully horribly bitter sort of a brown taste
never experienced that with pickled okra. regular okra yes. not a fan. but pickle pretty much anything &amp; i'll eat it.
while was drugged up this weekend, slashed this man at a mall!
when will america wake up and realize we are in a war for our very existence!
fairimmigration: more than 800 immigrants mistakenly granted citizenship via ap acaldwellap
yep they do such an amazingly good job right?
did you manage to read comments to their baji?
yes, rife with spelling mistakes and low taste jokes
i'm praying for his will to be done in your life. i've also put you and your family on our church's prayer chain.
thank you my wonderful friend. my the good lord bless you and yours!
is will to win a concern at usc? heard from several players, both usc and non, about demeanor of guys after loss. too much smiling, laughter
felt that vibe after bama beatdown too
ah was this here?
sadly nope, this was a joe biden themed party i threw last week
tis, would have loved to have seen them live around that time
i think i saw them in '05/'06. and then again around two years after that.
trump response to arrest --&gt;
through twisted logic, trump suggests this is a reason to make him potus. he would magically prevent domestic bombings. nonsense
did you manage to read comments to their baji?
this one was my favorite
the new must have item in mets fashion.
i thought you said you can't buy tebow met's jerseys
on fox, trump on criticism in media over calling nyc bomb a bomb. 'folks, it's a rigged system...the news is as dishonest as anybody there is'
true; media so reflexively anti trump they will contradict themseves in order to contrdict him
thanks for the great debut and all the love. show is absolutely kick ass \m/ please let me know if you need some more tracks
i will pm u the email you can send tracks to :) glad y'all are enjoyin the show!
the overstuffed remake. but i like it.
it has its moments, but i always find it weird that it's tamer than a film made 50 years earlier
my blackberry showed up in an "on this day" the other day
the blueberry
hopefully the media has learned it's lesson.
and i hope the media knows the difference between it's and its.
sick and tired bobble head hillary takes over 30 hours to respond to terror attacks!
she looks terrible
i'm teaming up with to bring you a brand new super-powered web animation workshop!
oh my dear god. come to san francisco and rain truth down on me.
weird...local people interviewed said the guy is from the area but claims he's from . hmmmmm
he has lived here for a while. he was born in afghanistan. he's a naturalized us citizen.
happy birthday!
this made my day...and i'm not even a cat person.
. only rank ? smh
by mid-season he'll be in the top 12 and making a push for the all-star game. hurricane lin is coming to brook-lin
yeah true, tbh the dji phantom vision 3 or 4 are damn good drones as well.
and the lilly is not too far out either... issue with the phantom for me is tracking.
no... nothing very major actually, something worked well + got paper accepted.
which conf this time of the year?
all you do is criticize. how is it that we have had more attacks since you have been running your mouth. i blame you.
isis has used your videos in their training. you are the devil.
ahmad khan rahami detained after a shootout with police. hey liberals, are those police officers racist pigs too?
the answer is always yes.
that's right. the app doesn't support hashtag muting, keyword muting, or muting for specific lengths of ti...
hi, my name is christopher and i can't stop oscillating between twitter apps.
no man is going to want to marry me after he hears how much i curse during the game.
more reason to marry you.
you're just like the u, thinking you have hope for bigger aspirations but you haven't faced a real team yet
your like the pat hill bulldogs. thinking anyone anyplace anytime. until you get there. bully beatdown time
is your community ready to accept the 550k, dirt-poor, male, islamic migrants hillary says she wants? are your daughters? .
2nd amendment now more than ever!
i oughta slap the shit outta myself for picking an 8am class again worst mistake ever
i volunteer my self to slap you.
doesn't anyone know movie quotes anymore?
like what? i'm always quoting them so what kind of quote are you in need of?
so tired, so medicated...
hillary has yet to be tried for murder and treason. four americans died beca...
and yet, why do so many not work but accumulate unearned income?
the anniversary of lehman and men who don't work
day 5 in court started with debate over an opb story by in which he interviewed ryan bundy on 1/19/16
ooohhhh what did they say?
does anyone else hit a brick wall around 1 pm? it's clearly time for a walk and a cup of .
i start at 1pm, so when i hit the wall at 4/5, it's timr to start making dinner
the tv show w/ the guy who plays hell boy where he was a police officer. i remember because i'm old as shit.
yup. they even had a different animated version of the story. it's really not that big of a deal.
ryan seacrest &amp; adriana lima just friends ... for now?!
get off my kool-aid ....smiles
as engaged in necessary, vital work. like tracking down rapists. instead of arresting ppl for jaywalking.
i agree. and yes "good"/"bad" was reductive, for twitter. you are right that it is about systemic flaws, not individual cops.
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
what are you talking about?
happy birthday !
thank you!!!!
hi jess, please contact us at 1-888-848-5175 so we may better assist you.
we already returned it as we were working on the project days ago
which is weak but certainly stronger than 0.03 (and this assumes a linear model; log regression pushes it to 0.23 and quadratic 0.28)
is there a reason people try to fit a line, rather than, say, a region? i'm just dabbling in proper stats now. but, it seems -
biologically, not really true. but either way, it doesn't matter.
it is very true. a clitoris is never "biologically a penis". what is your source?
have an amazing time, im so happy for you
thanks my love
i can't believe they are changing all our zodiac signs because of the north pole, i refuse to change
i'm a taurus and always will be
naked beach day with and
who is reading the ethical slut? love that book!
the government divides everything by race. stop checking that box.
the media tries... they rarely mention the race of criminal if he's anything but white.. it would be 'incendiary'.
why this emoji tho
yo no it's the rolling eyes one as to be like "stop being extra"
it's also my sweet candy jackson's birthday. she's the sweetest friend anyone could ever want...
aww thank you
you're on my blerg today
i'm stealing photos btw, sue me
are epatients from canada invited to attend medx next year or is it us only?
there were a # of canadian epatients included!
are all combat aged men of the like of the nyc and nj bomber.
refugees? no women or children! no, soldiers ready to rape, kill and destroy!
every child is precious. every person is entitled to the right to life.
amen! the unborn have a right to live everyone needs god's love. all things r possible with his love. amen!
ooh i'm shakin in my timbz
the ones you haven't worn in like a year?
it's not about tolerance or respect frankly. i enjoy thoughtful arguments which is why i chose to engage you. i'm done now
yes! thoughtful. you havnt considered any of my points and only attacked me and used fear hyperbole
it is very true. a clitoris is never "biologically a penis". what is your source?
u are making the claim that women's clitorises "are really just penises". source?
so i think for the first debate they should hand each candidate a blank map of middle east &amp; candidates fill in the country &amp; leader.
that is an amazing idea. please tell the media
chris christie finally just got ensnared in the bridgegate scandal
not only did christie know about 'bridgegate", but it was most probably his suggestion. measure that man for an orange jumpsuit
gce looks like a solid solution but i'm not crazy about using their mysql offering for a database. seems very proprietary.
if db is a primary concern i would look at running compose.io enterprise in aws. can't really recommend rds.
after 4+ years, friday will be my last day . looking for new challenges - who needs an empathetic full-stack python dev?
we're more of a ruby/elixir/js shop, but would be happy to have you over for lunch sometime.
it's so easy to get lost inside the buildings here
i literally spent more time trying to find my professor's office than i did actually there talking to her
insane would be balking at the fact that the pats continue to roll without brady.
not balking at it , doesn't make him a better player . it's still just an opinion .i know who belichick would say
was nice of the president to come welcome me to town.
who do you think you are, trump? only would think something like that, and he wud really believe it.
is there a reason people try to fit a line, rather than, say, a region? i'm just dabbling in proper stats now. but, it seems -
- many factors have a kind of directionality. like, "being educated makes you far, far less likely to vote leave", but, -
tfw you get woken up to your grandma calling you asking if you want to kill her because your relationship is making her sick
and then she tells you your childhood dog died a month ago and no one told you lit dude sick way to start my day mondays amirite
in least surprising news ever: bama fan with bama face tattoo arrested for threatening to shoot people.
that's actually a braves tattoo, it's been photoshopped.
yup! it has 37 so lets keep up the dislike train! this way im justified for saying fuck that pussy ass game
: you must've won that's probably why it has so many dislikes. you know fan boys like to suck the dicks of certain youtubers.
haha i'm kidding i don't have one. but in the show it means something different for everyone :)
like girl that's your body do what ya want, was just trying to educate her on the ink that's on her skin
check out today's best of podcast featuring 's weekend observations. -chris
great show today fellows
oh, so recruits love the grey uniforms? you know what recruits probably like even more? a team that wins all of its games.
what they wear doesn't affect w/l record. team leaders choose attire. so that's what they want. why you mad about clothes?
stressed but i'll be ight
i know what can fix that
i thought it was the c :/
pirates can have two favorites.
i promise you if you come to the library for 3 days in a row your bound to get sick. everyone comes here to spread their nastiness
and i bet i still see you in there for each and every single one of those days
"hi mom, i'm playing the new bb game, i'm really interested in nine, she's p- yes mom i know she fucked a cat. ... no mom i don't want to fu
your mom knooows...
pets? kids? we know you love to share! reply &amp; follow by 3pm est for a chance to win 1/140 products!
ok, the monkey is just cardboard, but the 2 boys are my mess-makers!
yeah it's not the best, we had issues with the vision 2 when taking off from various heights.
then there are things like the nixie coming out...
gives reasons why the defense sucks right now. has raiders fans yell at me to stop making excuses. shakes damn head.
could it possibly be sean peyton had 4 weeks to prepare w/ hof qb and dan quinn knows knj really well!
i miss you begley ;) thanks for the kind words. still just a writer chasing my next story!
likewise marly!!! so happy for you! everything that comes your way is well-deserved!
team abroad &amp; team pinas powertweet na po! bayanihan agad for 1m para di gabihin! rt &amp; spread
i am a simple but avid fan. sana may ganito "every week", to recharge the nation &amp; vaporize the bashers
ron, not a good analogy. a moderator is not a combatant in a debate. moderators are properly expected to be neutral.
to get neutral moderator you must not pick from media
it's history. nothing else.
history comprises events.
agree with you. what about younger teams 7v7 and 9v9?
i think the 4v4, 7v7 &amp; 9v9 should all progress to teaching the desired formation once playing 11v11
happy birthday! have a good one :-)
thanks lesby
remember when you could use / to comment and uncomment code in xcode, man that was cool
those were the days!
why the soviets sponsored a doomed expedition to a hollow earth kingdom
i would 100 percent watch this on netflix
come on, fiona! you are the fucking worst! gus is the best guy!!!!!!!!!!!!
lmao that show is great
or $0 when sold to goog and they make it free?
is social still a corporate priority for them? sounds way too tangible.
mine have standard gryffindor colors and i felt so...confused and lost.
aren't they all red and gold?
this is so fucked up lmaaaao
lmfao it's too funny though
way to go . are you happy to bring in millions more of these savages to our country
yup disgrace
so. i'm standing here, waiting to board my flight... and my benadryl kicks in...
rest in peace, not pieces, beloved!
under venezuelan socialism: over 15% of people eat garbage to survive
this is an ideal country, you might not like it but it's peak performance
and by tree, really like one tree. the ballot propositions are crazytown this year.
honestly i doubt it's even fit in my mail slot. and they send 1 / voter in house as if ppl cldnt share it.
congrats to the parody site team that took over hillary's twitter feed. that was hysterical satire. what? it's real?
chet, it's almost easier to believe that it is a hack stream.
no better way to start your day. stop in for a delicious breakfast asap!
why i heard ya chicken nuggets got 25 ingredients for?
i guess i will be spending week 1 doing normals, lmao!
what's your il
- many factors have a kind of directionality. like, "being educated makes you far, far less likely to vote leave", but, -
- "being 'uneducated' is not a strong predictor", which seems like it should map to a "triangle" more than a line.
she has a bf skdndndnnd
update: she wasn't fucking just writing an essay
no, you haven't. and even if you did, that point is moot.
it's called a negative fact. you are slow as fuck.
if your it department said not to upgrade to sierra and you do it anyway there's a good chance they'll give you a new machine
did the new machine come with sierra installed?
i love it!!!! and do you know what the girls name is?!
don't know who the hell she is tbh
watching at lunch
i would be lying if i said i didn't cry on my lunch break.
like what exactly happened? to cause such an uproar in me feed?
saaame. i'm sure a popufur shared the meme and stirred the pot, once again.
it's not about tolerance or respect frankly. i enjoy thoughtful arguments which is why i chose to engage you. i'm done now
you're "done now"? sounds good! small world, both comics, you wanna make personal enemies with me over a twitter dispute?
you're never in any position to tell me on what diversity is. you threw us in the group but can't define diversity
haha, you seem reasonable. good luck with that.
i feel like this could turn into an art project of some kind but i'm just not sure how
i think so too lol.
fl dem rep hastings says clinton wasting money: 'you give [local dems] $22m and i'll produce more votes for you than a damn tv ad.'
cash is king
in honor of 's let's play "trump war madlibs"! "we need to [harm] the [swear] out of isis" ...
ok i'll go first: whack / stuffing zap / bejeezus donk / bedonk-a-donk
"a sleep train once used this corridor"
it's so stupid bc they will obv lose but it's another dumb delay
someone snapchat me
i did but you hate me
lawsuit: jim carey illegally obtained drugs under a bogus name and provided them to ex-girlfriend, who overdosed
"highly additive" nice work, plaintiffs.
this is why trump will win. she is a joke.
praying this is correct! we need to save america!
ok did this happen bc i didnt hear any music
yes, we had music playing and a cupcake bar!
also wishing good luck to on her first day of nursing school
aw love you emmie thank you!
maybe that's why no one recognized him at fashion week last year
i love how this ends with just a list of cool canadians
nicole aniston is coming soon to hard x
for a second there, i almost thought that was olivia newton john ')
swear?? i was about to go work out a lil later lol my plan is eat light in the am then run &amp; work out then have a full meal after
yasss that's fine but your body isn't used to such a big change not eating meat. i tried to do it like that cut everything all
yea, despite no evidence it makes us safer. ridiculous really.
somewhere there's a brand manager for belkin pressure cookers just freaking out
didn't i mention this just the other day?
why yes. yes you did.
you could walk around striking lou ferrigno style poses...?
already did that john. it was as fun as it sounds.
typo. they will hold you responsible.
historians will argue over your tweet typo for centuries
wrigley field today! go dodgers
my benny the jet :'))
i'm really crying at "what if i was a serial killer" lmao niggas don't know who they dealing with till it's too late
like nigga???? lmao, if i would do some corny shit &amp; meet up... then i pop this nigga, now what??
i don't really care what you believe.
out of all the cases of sexual assault in the world, you found one case out of washington? lol
nah i lost most of my jeans
the announcements said they can probably give detention i'm like tf detention my ass
thanks so much for this! so glad i found it.
stand on the shoulders of those before you &amp; copy their recipe for the time being.
when did "experience" become a blanket good, because when you actually look at that experience, well, uh. don't be...
hillary was secretary of state. sold wp to saudi to burn the skin off kids in yemen. turned libya into an isis stronghold. armed jihadists.
every now and then a feeling of "i'm sick of the city" creeps in and today is one of those days
word, but good news has a new subway ad screaming: we're progressive! look at all these beautiful people with canes!
gorgeous!! (beautiful...inside &amp; out!!)
you are the sweet beautiful one inside out! mwahhh xoxo... gosh i love my family of republicans, we are the most loving united
our hosted by is today at 8pmest- 9pmest! follow or
actually it's hosted by tonight!
why is trump judged on a much lower bar than hillary?
lower bar? it is a non-existent bar. it is like a white line on a road. you, the media have done that. u r chasing $$ instead of news
strangely high prevalence of ufc/mma accounts with anti choice views.
yeah. i'm a fan but it is a decent proxy for toxic masculinity.
i agree. and yes "good"/"bad" was reductive, for twitter. you are right that it is about systemic flaws, not individual cops.
but if we wrote about jaywalking, we'd be off the air. &amp; we were only show to tackle subject the way we did (ending w/ indictment)
"every book i have written is a book of my heart, but want is especially dear to me. a near-future...
congrats!!! i love the cover and its location taipei!! when does the book come out?
it's moral cowardice. but you are right...it is your right in america to ignore common sense and responsibility.
no it isn't. it's cowardice to just pick the side everyone says you have to. fuck that.
coming up next, actor and life-long fan joins !
he only shows his fat face when he's trying to get people to watch his shit?
both of you need to listen to .
i've heard a lot of good things about . need to add it to the 30= things i listen to already...
christie knew about bridgegate lane closures, prosecutor says
measure that man for a super sized orange prison jump suit
it was a great pleasure to talk to eric ripert about the state of fine dining and his love of coffee shop's feijoad...
i thought going to coffee shop was the quintessential tourist activity in usq
breaking: delivers first alabama-made to spirit airlines
they had said earlier that jetblue was getting the initial plane.
the mountains can heal. swing up here when you can.
hoping to do a fall weekend. then def once the snow falls for my
expert on cnn just now: "two or three lone wolves may have gotten together."
"experts on cnn" ? have you lost your mind??
it's the ones that have no other accomplishments to brag about.
i was about to say, when i tweet this? lmaoo
would you beat in a boxing match?
..i respect charlie z. he has more heart and balls then most of these faggots
gorgeous!! (beautiful...inside &amp; out!!)
people out there :))) the media can say all they want, but we know we love everyone :) we just want america to be america
still working through his lazy tendencies, i see signs of maturation in panthers wr kelvin benjamin
surprised by the excitement i got from the gorgeous new backdrop for your work. thrill for you too?
but if we wrote about jaywalking, we'd be off the air. &amp; we were only show to tackle subject the way we did (ending w/ indictment)
i agree with the entire premise of your article, i just believe (and of course i'm biased) that svu is one of the few shows...
we'll start off at 10:05 w/ update from , then hear from you! from then at 11:30.
pc is part of the problem. i've criticized christianity&amp; i think you have too. ever been called 'christianophobic ??
demand everyone attempt to work together. all sides. make quick compromises. run country like a biz. no pork
no pork? don't know if i agree with that.
anyone else wondering what all the hubbub is about with the jet black iphone? feels cheaper to me than the other models
after seeing both irl, i still think the matte black is way nicer.
soar vs elevate up next on the scl side of smite
who you rooting for?
swear?? i was about to go work out a lil later lol my plan is eat light in the am then run &amp; work out then have a full meal after
together and i got hella sick lol i was pale and throwing up so maybe start slow like cutting out red meat first &amp;then chicken/
by california's law, correct. not true in other jurisdictions. as we've discussed.
you haven't established that "in other jurisdictions", penetration "is rape".
. 2 yrs of using and i still don't know how to mutate a column. how do i avoid copy on slice errors?
df[slice stuff].copy()
yeah i mean she could have gotten it for the meaning behind it or maybe she just liked derek's tattoo who knows
she said it's because she's a "derek girl" i said.. oh okay, at least it's still pretty..
im at frozen peak. why didn't they give us a super magical wtf. all we got was a magical
i'm in frozen peak too but i was in legendary for a little while
jonathan gottschall, paul zak, scott sumner, deirdre mccloskey, dambiso moyo, tyler cowen
thanks! haven't read mccloskey's new(ish) book. looks interesting.
well, you're welcome, michael
refusing to align with a corrupt incompetent warmonger like hillary is not aligning with duke, trump, or anyone else.
don't count her out, unless she's taking a nap/seizing frequent...
guns before family. good bye.
. show at promotes on the runway.
thanks for keeping us hydrated while caring for the planet.
but his solution is better because the system is broken and you get what you pay for free means no value.
in your view, it's better. in many bernie supporters' view, it's vastly exclusive and not better by a long shot.
don't change i'm not going to, i'm thinking it's bs but i guess it came from nasa so not sure
it's so stupid to change it now just leave well enough alone
hillary was secretary of state. sold wp to saudi to burn the skin off kids in yemen. turned libya into an isis stronghold. armed jihadists.
when another 9/11 event happens, this export of violence will be their reason why. will clinton be made to answer for this? obama, even?
i agree with the entire premise of your article, i just believe (and of course i'm biased) that svu is one of the few shows...
trying to change that narrative in a network television landscape where it's very hard to do that (for the reasons you mentioned)
that and the fact that "intent" is not required.
smfh can't make this stuff up
i'll say it again wow...and it was not toward pete. money=the new vote? new democracy?
yes it does. pete knows it. he knows that point is valid. delete your "wow" and read a book.
you haven't established that "in other jurisdictions", penetration "is rape".
the most you established was that a woman was charged w/ attempted rape, 3rd degree.
deep down the bully is always the coward. get some help timmy.
generation of pussys bank on that,bring back the bullies,they serve a purpose.everyone wins a trophy has failed america
i completely agree hahahaha that class was everything though!!!
so shu is gonna give us that every week
we should do this on the conservative side. perhaps we could get the bots to talk to each other.
there's liberals, conservatives, and deplorables. conservatives aren't the problem :).
every successful company is successful in its own way. fucked companies are all alike.
let's call this the inverse anna karenina principle of business
when another 9/11 event happens, this export of violence will be their reason why. will clinton be made to answer for this? obama, even?
no. we'll start another two fucking decade long wars and kill another million plus innocent people because we refuse to fucking learn.
together and i got hella sick lol i was pale and throwing up so maybe start slow like cutting out red meat first &amp;then chicken/
and stuff. but i'm happy for you!!! you're going to feel so much better with everything tbh
who do you get the legendary chest?
i got this deal but you had to be in legendary arena at some point
835, i am missing the 3rd relic. i opened a ticket because im pretty sure my missions are bugged
try to get 840 with resets tomorrow what's wrong with your missions?
.: "we're going to make sure that everybody is working together...to get to the bottom of what happened."
promises, promises
hahaha...by a republican congress? hahaha....
"conservatives will restrain hitler's radicalism" was a popular belief in germany
lower bar? it is a non-existent bar. it is like a white line on a road. you, the media have done that. u r chasing $$ instead of news
you are being led around by your nose in search of the almighty $, instead of using your nose to follow the money.
cody and i are coming back at the beginning of next summer!!! grab and lets go
yes perfect we out
the most you established was that a woman was charged w/ attempted rape, 3rd degree.
but alas, a woman cannot "penetrate" a man by using her vagina. ergo, not rape.
might have a better chance of hitting powerball this week
lol!! i already have mine coming this week but it's worth a shot ya know!!
i watched the entire in one day.
my sympathies. long and slow doesn't make it good. too much foot problems and cat allergies.
i've heard a lot of good things about . need to add it to the 30= things i listen to already...
30=? man, fuck my fat fingers messing up my tweets.... 30+
and wingnut caucus was given veto in house. that was a significant difference from previous house rules that you are ignoring.
ah. so we're going ad hominem now. fine. i'll play for one more and i'm out.
hillary clinton's weakness while she was secretary of state, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont:
you are despicable! all you do is use these attacks to promote yourself. didn't work this time. police and fbi are great.
your stance is based on the fundamental falsehood that it doesn't matter. that makes you a cynic a fool or both.
no. i think if turnout is low enough we may restructure the voting system
trump response to arrest --&gt;
this con artist needs to quit using his divisive language to make it seem like he can figure out the answers. what a snow job.
you think the accounts are legit?
well, i tell a lie, i've seen similar trends before but i don't think the specific ones you're talking about.
breaking my self-imposed twitter fast to share some cool tmnt: universe sales news, because i am arrogant.
awesome news!
campus always smells like weed but nobody ever invites me smh
so much for peer pressure
that is a bad man! sent me beautiful art, and delicious !!
if you dip one in the other, it will make a delicious treat.
but alas, a woman cannot "penetrate" a man by using her vagina. ergo, not rape.
i don't think the washington case supports your claim.
i don't get why people gotta flaunt for..? let your materialistic shit speak on it's own.
just gotta be yourself right fam?
the only thing that stops a bad guy with a pressure cooker is a good guy with a pressure cooker.
almost like the mouse that roared spoof on the q bomb.
how the fuck is this "gendered"
male feminism cookie collecting knows no bounds
i'm at work. please tell me about this issue, with links if possible! :-p
save yourself from the madness! it's too late for me.
it sounds like you have the ultimate craving, louis! come on over for a delicious treat, stat!
uhh.. not after seeing this sh*t i won't be !
rather than just being a twitter tough guy.
you pussys need a good kick in the ass, marshmallows of america
your stance is based on the fundamental falsehood that it doesn't matter. that makes you a cynic a fool or both.
our current system is racist, corrupt, and anti poor and needs to be changed
icymi: you can watch part 1 tramsey here
thank you so very much!!!!
heel wife is here
that couch must reek of ass
she's saying diamond and silk are "real black americans" and obama talks "like he is a plantation owner" jesus christ drone strike me please
i'm in the same boat with my coworker.... my fav is when he says michelle dressed to sexy for a first lady
tell me this idiot isn't dangerous. trump suggests 'freedom of expression' is aiding terrorists
the moron doesn't have the slightest idea what the first amendment stands for.
when ya horoscope tryna eff with your life
send them the middle finger emoji!!!
happy birthday bro what u getting into
idek i'm bouta go get my bottle and prolly just get high ... nice relaxful monday
your stance is based on the fundamental falsehood that it doesn't matter. that makes you a cynic a fool or both.
historically the best way to change something is to not participate
is appearing everywhere at
at the top of hall of fame. go michael go!
maybe you need to go join the kkk while you're at it. better yet, go join the military and fight the terrorism yourself
i join the kkk they said i was too racist
every person in new orleans is beautiful.
i had this thought passing through atlanta last week!
our thanks to all for promoting the howard ashman award &amp; cabaret honoring . the event is sold out!!
wish i could be there!
what is this mystical creature. what is a betsy......i didn't realize you've been tweeting again wao
haha for professional-ish use only
i don't think the washington case supports your claim.
your claim was "forcing penetration", but your washington article did not confirm.
caught some stomach virus...but it's monday so back at it. 98 followers away from a free video release. how's everyone monday so far?
doing good back to work glad your feeling better
i should make a list of the best high-profile restaurants for single people to go and avoid waits.
eating alone is dope, but fuck sitting at a bar
ya he just wants nat time tbh lol when paul said cant you tell her not to come james smiled
i think he will be fine he wants nat to meet bree and he will be excited to see bayleigh
donald trump upsets les misrables creators by playing song at rally
unfortunately for them, we've created a parody.and yes,no surprise that the "let them eat cake."crowd is not liking bastille day.
to for this mini-doc on ramsa. step inside one of the world's most admired architecture firms:
and h/t to lexi pilgrim, our digital content coordinator, for making this rad art to go along with it....
fair but they will fade now. have been newsy
another 5 minutes on the browns, 30 seconds on the 2-0 ravens.
mykkele thompson's knee injury will keep him out for a few weeks. tough break for the young man.
the story of his short lived career.
i know profiling is controversial, but how many times will we let millennials attack us before we act?
when we dont have to kiss their uninformed asses to get votes.
ur really leaving me huh
u r not coming w?? thought we discussed this
just say astaghfirullah beta what is wrong with you and we have a deal
my names not.... riiiiccccckkk
your stance is based on the fundamental falsehood that it doesn't matter. that makes you a cynic a fool or both.
engaging in a broken system reaffirms it. i know you think i'm dumb for some reason but i'm not
1/i'm not sure i understand your view. the problem is they are losing staff to tech cos, getting taxed by pa and
it was a comment that was bigger than this once particular story. the western half of the bay used to have
do you think they should raise minimum wage for the poor?
absolutely, if the cost of living continues to rise ppl's salaries must rise also to keep up
your claim was "forcing penetration", but your washington article did not confirm.
are u really claiming that a woman is capable of forcing a man "to penetrate her"?lol
cold brew season is over
let me live a little
obama was never given that opportunity. he was turned down on grand compromise because wingnut caucus wouldn't play.
wrong. read woodward's "price of politics" obama's inability to stand up to the moonbats cost the deal:
it was a comment that was bigger than this once particular story. the western half of the bay used to have
pockets of affordability in redwood city and east palo alto that are quickly disappearing.
happy bday drea!! miss you girl hope all is well have a good one
thanks drea! hope everything's well miss ya
this made me laugh so hard i had a coughing fit.
the "busted!" tag is what really makes this.
your stance is based on the fundamental falsehood that it doesn't matter. that makes you a cynic a fool or both.
non participation is different than cynicism and it's highly effective
oh absolutely. i appreciate the effort, even if i think it ends up still having problems.
thanks. agree to agree. sometimes we have to do the best we can to start a conversation even w/ large creative limitations...
it's time to junk the flawed economic models that make the world a dangerous place
tell that to the 200 families who control most of the world's money.
hrc says in her first 100 days as potus she will reach out to republicans to help show them that their party "is better than donald trump"
this will save the the expense of a process server.
no one likes medleys. not even the guy who invented medleys likes medleys.
naw, red rose speedway medley is pretty awesome.
beyonc overrated: rocket underrated: no angel fav: haunted least: superpower
rocket is the best track on the album wyd
when in rome...as they say. though when in nyc would be more appropriate for you, my friend. good lu...
why not? always gotta check out the apple store in grand central station!!
neanderthals were not and are not humans they also aren't giants.
it is a scientific fact that neanderthals are human.
we don't do humane law enforcement. please call and visit to file report.
thank you! police visited this morning
i wonder what you would say if you were a victim of terrorism...
have been. i chose not to hate.
gucci was the 1st concert i ever been to that was also the 1st time i ever hit a girl in the head wit a beer bottle
precious memories were made....
another party, another album cover. featuring sipasaurous.
lmfao and i were talking about how we all look insane and of course you look hot as hell
thank you to our law enforcement officers for everything they do to keep us safe.
deeply appreciated, under paid and overworked!
when she say you fucked it good
when got a 10 inches but you break up and she say it small af
monday morning meeting at the new digs.
new office or new company?
all i want is for and to annotate this on
that can be arranged
i have no concerns, but variation = new mythological reason to refuse vaccines cc
here is a helpful discussion of mthfr and .
i'm not working for playstation anymore :( so no more singstar from me!!!
my heart is broken by this news where are you now?
it's almost fincon time! we'll have to set up time to do a little recording. i got all the goods. :)
let's do this!
hillary clinton was wrong to keep working: presenteeism is damaging | peter cheese | opinion | the guardian
she's not working. she's sleeping/resting. she has advanced parkinson's
so.... who's got tickets to the paisley park tour, the official tribute concert, or both? let us know! :)
flying in from sf for the tribute concert!
if anyone bumps into me at today &amp; i don't seem to make sense, it's due to the chest infection &amp; hangover. please be gentle with me
hope you get well soon martin. take care of your body, you're not a teenager.
this made me laugh so hard i had a coughing fit.
my friend's dad's a pilot. after sully landed the plane, i asked what he would've done: "i wouldn't have hit the birds."
"so let's not turn out which will lead directly to the worst possible guy for the poor, the brown, the upright."
nope. i don't understand how you think that helps trump? you keep thinking i'm telling hillary voters to not vote
life of a politics junkie: *opens nyt* *clicks tab for every region of the world* *close app, open google* *reads news from other countries*
*proceeds to go to my third political science class of the day*
the source you cited said. arguement invalid like you. 20+ tweets while i slept? classy
there is nothing in my source about the def. being "invalid".
dog the bounty hunter but art theft.
large blonde man kicks in your door and grabs you by the collar, screaming "you didn't list the source or artist"
yeah that's great. i volunteer for hillary campaign and local races. isn't door to door more effective?
yep! if you're knocking doors, you're doing the right thing. ngc isn't in fl, which is why i suggested call/text
cold and rainy, bleh. might be a day
want me to re-tweet for u since im the top % poster?
guys, what if grease live was remarkably well directed?
i lost five followers last night and i'm afraid this tweet is responsible
i just published "people laughed during an important point during the design disruptors screening"
i only just read this today... excellent piece... thanks for writing it
hella! you know i ain't choosin a gemini!
lmao thats just a bad idea
but they do really think that that's gonna stop us
nothing will knowing everyone they'll keep wearing ripped jeans
happy birthday niggas y'all both some bitches but love y'all niggas lets link later
good thing my name not y'all but good looks and i'm down
in a momentary lapse of judgement i agreed to do soul cycle with before tonight's game. i'm so so scared
omg you're going to be so off rhythm, i cannot wait.
none of these three taxes are 'esoteric', they are fairly common taxes in the developed world
the chart after that was on impact fees. hard to explain in a single tweet!
you in school too bleed?
kinda we take classes for the leadership program i'm in.
lol this idiot makes this statement and then somehow doesn't understand how it doesn't ap...
"in nearly all u.s. states,private shopping center owners can eject protesters from their land for trespass"
hillary should go the way of the rosenburgs. yes, it's that bad. wants us success - period.
. like many gop, i will oppose you guys electing an incompetent villain
there is nothing in my source about the def. being "invalid".
i don't even know what "invalid" means in this context. i don't believe a def. can be "invalid".
trump has done nothing for our country but scam it. dodges taxes, steals subsidies he's not legitimately entitled to, dodged the draft (1/?)
i had bone spurs. i had them removed. bone spurs are no excuse to dodge the draft. cowardice = .
y'all are my ride or diesssssss
change you damn picture haha. you're not churro
thanks. agree to agree. sometimes we have to do the best we can to start a conversation even w/ large creative limitations...
i can't say the ep is perfect... but comparatively... did you see the finale of chicago pd?
no need for poor sonia, please. there is nothing poor about me. i'm a beautiful woman who got called unattractive
he seemed to be either drunk or on pills. slurring his words. your too good for him, you are so attractive more than most
"so let's not turn out which will lead directly to the worst possible guy for the poor, the brown, the upright."
most trump voters aren't pro trump they are anti establishment. its more for them than anyone. how don't u see that
we are all ~dead~ on the inside
i am very much alive thanks to :~)
there is nothing in my source about the def. being "invalid".
where does it say it is "invalid"????
we are rising up
thank you all for coming!
pause shawty was with her nigga last night at the party texting me asking what was i doing like what
this shit still funny
and i crashing mark di suvero bday party sssshhhhh don't tell em it's lit
i'd say it's more of an "intimate get-together." also spotted: he's now eating chocolate mousse with chopsticks
senate dems say they weren't told $1.7 bil iran payment would be cash by why would obama admin hide that?
why didnt they ask, its part if their job
stuck on the bridge? man that sucks!
christie and the bridge. he can't escape, he's stuck and yep, that sucks!
this cold has caused me to completely lose my voice. i'm literally emailing people &amp; communicating that way because i can't call nobody...
me right now at work....
the 8 hour ones are taking 15 hours and didnt show up yesterday at all
that's bullshit, try to grab 840 you should be alright.
me before every single video... (new one coming in 45 min!)
what a coat? lol
but not one poll at 15% perhaps before the next debate? johnson and stein are professional candidates. $$$$$$$$
sorry, not enough %
'i hope merkel keeps us': how nujeen mustafa travelled from syria to germany in a wheelchair
i'm sure the women, children, elderly and handicapped have less vetting to fear than the men between 19-35yrs old
"so let's not turn out which will lead directly to the worst possible guy for the poor, the brown, the upright."
more than half trump voters don't like him they just hate the current system. so then don't vote. he's a chaos vote
do you want to see what foreign countries are invested in enterprises or hold 's debt?
trump want to bring work back to america and all of his businesses in foreign countries trump's bullshit
you're suggesting bomb attacks are somehow safer than a firearm because this guy wasn't as effective with his bombs?
i'm expressing relief that a bunch of things happened in this instance that resulted in no one dying.
this is the 2nd time in a row you have canceled the dress i ordered! hoping you can come through for me this weekend.
please provide us with your order# and we are happy to look into this for you.
thinking bout you today
i love you taylor thank you for all your support always
the austerity agenda isn't over. more people will sink further into poverty | patrick butler
that's the plan.
tutorial about from . i'm very excited.
thanks for coming!
milner playing both sides at once.
agree with joe on this one, hope clyne doesn't play tomorrow. new 11 for me tomorrow.
like a certain artist... or ticket bundle like a certain legend
who did a ticket bundle? lol
hand that rocks the cradle. now you know why the hood is filled with...hoodlums.
the 'hood' can have some law abiding people too.... it's the 'lums' that are the problem... the hood-lums...
there is nothing in my source about the def. being "invalid".
"up to date" and "not up to date" is a conclusion, not a fact.
while spacex and blue origin focus on big rockets, this company is going smaller
epropulsion=past =now vaccum field=future c
"birtherism was never really about where obama came from. it was about where he was allowed to go."
compelling idea that his presidential ambitions were perhaps born the night of his humiliation - excuse the expression!
i wore them in the summer...awk
super awk cause who wears timbs in the summer lmao
bitch go eat your animal crackers and sip on your juice box... tf?
you just call a 4 year old a bitch?
they were treading in 2008/2012, too. but if they want to build on his economic legacy, grow the recovery, there's one choice.
preaching to the choir. although "one choice" actually means no choice, as in a marching order, stripping autonomy.
here's one and that was without trying very hard.
nice try, but no cigar.
first apple product for pirates? the ipatch.
i see what you did there
unfortunately he's just as scary so moot point &amp; still no validity.
however,she follows in the path of obama.what freedoms will be lost?immigration is a &amp; ed?so?
but gore not even fighting any of these issues would seem to say otherwise... but hey scapegoat
nader lost the election for the democrats in florida. rationalize all you want. it was disastrous
taking down all the montages and videos that have copyright claims on my channel. ill rehost them under another channel in the future.
the copyright claims r us channel
thats so awesome. me and greenie always look for lemony smells.
you should check out monsters ball it's the purple one with an eye. also bohemian soap and lemony flutter cuticle butter
besides a chiropractor
heating pads and icy hot are mad bread
6/cupertino, sunnyvale, etc, that have done little to preserve affordable housing. rwc is a relative bright spot
rwc does because is close to even on property owner/tenant split.
seahawks penalized a fifth-round pick.
should've been at least a third rounder, for constant ota violations
people want to apply conway's law to everything but somehow fail to apply it to slack. slack's product mirrors slack's org
the fact that slack isn't irc isn't an accident, and its directly related to the people they choose to empower
you go there 4/5 am cuz u want a front row spit you'll prolly loose cuz u can't hold ur pee
oh hell nah
forget taxes. why would trump not release a full health report, including family history and all other tests. what's he hiding?
donald trump is mentally disturbed it's obvious any racist person is mentally f up.
it is a scientific fact that neanderthals are human.
there were actually humans that predated neanderthal by more than 2 million years.
i left my umbrella in the car so now i'm wet and cold
i left my umbrella in my house and my car in the dealership
bitch you know i'm getting high. it's monday.
yee. me too, well im at work. just suckin on this here pen in the alley ha
was just told americans can't buy options on cad stocks. wtf. ive never heard that before.
yep...it's true
i agree were all in trouble should he become president. with exception of the one percenters who will benefit the most
the one percent is in trouble too.trump is an unstable loon with crackpots around him. dangerous for everyone.
pretty ridiculous. maybe fans should buy jerseys of actual, real players and not publicity stunts.
i need one of these
prosecutors say chris christie knew about bridgegate. why is he still running trump's transition?
because he'll be tougher on terrorism than pissant bureaucrats on the left...?
'i wish i could turn back time' merkel finally admits she regrets open-door migrant policy. deport all criminals.
too late your out!
mood swings and attitudes is just very immature to me. that maybe was cool when we were in high school and early 20s. it's a dub on that now
most likely a mood disorder. some people can't help that.
about to try cotton candy ganja &amp; sweet 16 haze
save me some yo
the first time i saw that vid i heard the bark and closed it so fast i said nope
ok but in person
vampire suicide bombers. whoa.
the strain is hollywood stew: domestic terror, alien space invaders, vampire horror, viral pandemic, communism, end of days
prosecutors confirm chris christie has been lying: chris christie knew about bridge lane closings as they happened
major on the majors.
. on nyc bomb blast: "this is something that...will happen more and more all over the country."
whether you love him or hate him, he is absolutely right.
ahmad khan rahami, who is now in custody, was a "very friendly guy"
does he realize that if the cards we turned around, isis would have left his ass bleed to death. is he any good as fertilizer?
if anyone is afraid in the usa because "men" like have the floor. ny and nj
more like being afraid because beta men like chris have forums &amp; influence
what is best in life?
to crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and to hear the lamentation of their women
mfw i realise i still have a chainring mark on my inner calf even after i showered, twice.
that's when i seriously contemplate getting a tattoo there.
my wknd. trip to fenway- yanks swept 4 straight, trip to foxboro- dolphins lose. fantasy fball teams 0-5, fantasy baseball semi's = l....
rough wknd. you could do worst &amp; do a road trip down to b'more or dc where you'd pay a ton more on tolls than up to boston.
surely was referring to as the only sane candidate. and hear an honest human
is the only stupid candidate who gets stoned while driving &amp; said so on his website
remember people: nobody asked you to tell the truth. just to remember the answer you gave on _that_ website.
even worst. if you fake the response, you'll forget it. so you will need other security measurements to remember your responses.
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
you are a drumpf!
kerry_mccabe
wait but your robe tho
amazingly, when they brought back he-man in the '00s, star wars owned the rights to the name fisto, so the toy of t...
which is less suggestive, unless you use your imagination and it becomes super-suggestive.
they were treading in 2008/2012, too. but if they want to build on his economic legacy, grow the recovery, there's one choice.
because they actually do have a choice in a democracy. they will better listen if we acknowledge that.
afaik, they were waiting on me to send them a file or the video would already be out (just sent the file)
the recording is still in post production but we'll be releasing it this week
body shaming is the reason she did this to herself &amp; you're still gonna body shame?
i respek that quote
tell them off
straight up i'm the only one not liberal it's driving me insane
you bout to be sober af
i was drunk
stole my tv crush for a pic!!! from
alison, what designer are you wearing?
i like the split band, so that i can wear them comfortably.
nice... currently using the mdr-7506,depending on the venue,can barely hear any low end :( will switch to the senns i think.
i wonder if the browns can start 16 different qbs this year. i have faith
shaw, manziel, whitehurst, freeman, yates, vick, flynn, lindley, stanzi, josh johnson, tavaris jackson. they can def get 16.
when i die from this flu please put on my tombstone "all she wanted was a text back"
so that's what we have
, thank you for the great session at . docker swarm seems to be a really cool feature.
thanks for attending! let know if something is not there or broken!
shut up, wish i can go to a raiders game
feel free to come visit
or, not support the military and veterans with his fair share of taxes.
trump doesn't pay his fair share of taxes. like the draft, he dodges those too.
why? (i'm in the business of noting ironic details.)
that was a bye as in the details are just too bizarre. i would've posted it had you not.
video: the coliseum reacts to alec ogletree's game-clinching fumble recovery.
just imagine if we had an offense :)
trump brought two people to his classified briefing. one has direct ties to putin, and this is the other guy:
your candidate created isis. not upset about that though, eh? nice try.
i once heard we should put solar panels on bart train car roofs. does that seem feasible? or too untested --&gt; hi risk of failure?
wouldn't it make more sense to put them in the row, platforms, btwn tracks, etc? much more area, always outside.
unless "mnobility" is funny
1 sec sorry randolph caldecott is on the line &amp; asking if i know you well enough to tell u they're taking the medals back
one of the bigger measurable differences so far between living in miami and living in bilbao: hella steps
this is how europeans stay so thin tbh i lost weight in europe which is hilarious
ooo these sound great! we will next time we go to one
sure thing! you can always ask for samples as well
bro we made cookies tho so who's the real winner?
obviously not me since i'm never apart of anything
when will they be submitted?
i don't even want to justify your question with a response but by writing this, i am responding. dang it.
"terrorism" is not defined as committing acts that terrify us. it's use of terror for a political motive.
that is what miller said.
icahn "gave the go ahead" to shop his shares - fortune $hlf
do u smell something?
lol well not 4. i was exaggerating but they're young as hell ej!
lol i feel you twitter is the craziest place on earth
tonight -- push-back against the nfl - the no flag respect (league)
this honorable soldier can use two knees, they will serve a better purpose then these morons .
but what's the reason for it being dress code though
probably because it's showing our legs while girls wear short shorts but can't wear jeans that are ripped
let's go tuesday/wednesday if it's begun!
yes i'm down! let me know
mom called to a: make sure i got my brakes done b: tell me they caught the bomb suspect here in jersey
my mom called me all frantic about the ny bombing even though i don't work weekends and work a good 35 blocks away. lol.
we shipped some new updates to the site today, more stuff comin' soon!
really digging the latest design! love how it all just fits together. much easier said than done.
study: liking on facebook or favoriting on twitter makes people feel socially supported
see what i did there!?!?
failed to see the java part of the docker for java developers
recording will be available, stay tuned!
vs hillary clinton. this idiot woman campaigns against herself.
this would make a great commercial for trump!
mccarthy: i think the world has been flipped upside down. i think we're in a culture today that's investigating police instead of criminals
sometimes the police are the criminals, look at the bay area sex trafficking scandal. should we not investigate?
holy shit i won global citizen tickets
i just screamed and everyone stared but oh my god i can't believe i won
next year we start at college station, home vs unlv then at byu.
well, 2-1 isn't too bad. and we left byu without major dirty hits or injuries from byu (right?).
mobile web is only 12.6% of all time spent on mobiles in the us. down from 15.8% four years ago. (comscore data)
dare i ask?! does this data include webview data?
wouldn't it make more sense to put them in the row, platforms, btwn tracks, etc? much more area, always outside.
oops, i should have read the comments before i said the same thing :)
oh you only wear timbz in the summer? (yawn) that's boring
i love u and ur summer timb-wearing ass
they kept referring to it as 1 of the ills of prostitution.
you mean, the fact that rabbits were being killed, was itself an "ill of prostitution"?
lemonade is about a generational cycle of infidelity.
we've been knew. move
hey sf? want the city to not send you the giant bloated voter guide? today is the last day to opt out by web or call
done! thanks for the heads up!
platinum with no features
forsurely not the best album
not at all lol... stop being lazy
maybe just proofread your tweets before you publish them?
isn't docker engine a spof?
you can set up multi host using swarm mode.
home invasion edes ave, oakland 12:20 pm, 09/15/16.
homeowner called same day 3 times, but they haven't showed up yet.
there are no gods
i thought there were many gods.
i _feel_ like you should get some rest. not like itunes is going to magically get better in the next day or two. :)
. that's the thing! it's like a perfect blend of eminently smart decisions and silly nonsense... kind of like every version?
"we can't get distracted when the media or my opponent turns this election into a circus." clinton says
come again? i was distracted...
watch live as david abney, ceo, speaks to the audience about being committed to the solution via ...
"it's personal to us when something bad happens because when it happens, it happens in our communities." - david abney,
ny congressman after bombing suspect caught: "you're welcome colin kaepernick"
u r an idiot, exactly what does actions have to do with this weekend's events?
i'm not saying the nfl can't punish him, i'm saying he has a constitutional right to do what he's doing.
not in someone's private production he doesn't.
at rock bottom but on the crazy rise! thank u
we'll rise together sis...
trump brags about new york bombing: 'i called it before the news'. called it before he really knew what happened
donald trump you always call something you know you should get a real life man
after he stole $25m from nj taxpayers &amp; gave it to me, i can't throw under a bus! an ambulance? maybe
a food truck
i'm listening to 2000 light years away by on .
this song came out in 1992, has &amp; will always be my favorite green day song
- i'm dying at the road less traveled video. great job!
thanks ! it's the only road to take
cart worked great yesterday. very light weight. built to last forever. wheels even have bearings.
great to hear! keep rolling!
well the article said the north pole has moved and the stars are in different positions and that's why they changed them
let them change whatever they want i'm not changing been this sign all my life to old to change now lol
can't fault him for wanting to win
every team he leaves gets way better, not saying he's the problem in sac
did it ever cross your mind that the actor/intent/motive/inspiration is infinitely more deadly than weapon used?
i really wasn't trying to make some grand point about guns, just the string of lucky breaks that meant no one died. that's all
warriors gonna win something mid to lower 60's... knicks not getting past the first round... utah gonna be the 5th seed in the west
alright my nigga you need your ball card revoked immediately
since the cleaning is out of the way, decided to get a spa pedicure and my feet are currently in this strange goo
wtf did i ask for lmao? feels great though
whats undercover suppose to mean ion understand
it's a brand
rihanna - can pull of any look - can sing despite popular opinion - a bad bitch
girl she can't sing
oh the irony: look who's going to end up in prison ; )
if i were you,i wldnt be grinning abt prison for christie. your whole political ideology is proving false.your pols are mafia
what is this!! i love you!!!!
friendship :))
did it ever cross your mind that the actor/intent/motive/inspiration is infinitely more deadly than weapon used?
just seems there were a lot of ways this could've gone down that would have meant a lot more dead people. grateful it didn't.
21 y/o me on fb memories today..
classy bitch!
he didn't he said the exact opposite that obama was born in usa period
- i don't care where the loser was born.
ikr! is just awesome!
totally. could definitely learn a thing or two from . i wish i was like her during my college days.
trump brags about new york bombing: 'i called it before the news'. called it before he really knew what happened
donald trump is evil he act like he want things to happen
i love when you take the l so gracefully
u took the l, u meant winter in the last tweet but i let it slide :-)
my parents are at the airport, just a prank or is something up?
someone pushed it by accident ha
before running for president she was traveling around the country as if on vacation.
she also seemingly makes a decent living running for president every four years.
it was all fun and games till yall decided to break windows
what happened!?
left minerva this morning staring intently at the mirror. can't stop wondering what she's trying to summon and what state the apt will be in
woolly would spend hours staring at herself in the mirrors at entrance of old boston apt. little furry narcissa.
i just screamed and everyone stared but oh my god i can't believe i won
you wanna know how many contests i've won in my life? or won any prize? zero. this is so cool.
ohhhh, was looking at them last night... are you deep into edtech?
not nesc. great founding team (same age then as college students). had already executed significantly. obsessed w marketplaces
that's the hats for dads who are trying to look cool section
i like the first or sixth one
happy birthday have a good one
thank you!
so was the raiders defense
lmfaoooo had to come back
trump brags about new york bombing: 'i called it before the news'. called it before he really knew what happened
trump has the sinister mind that works on evil
that's dumb though, it's a stupid reason
it is a stupid reason they mostly want us to not show our bodies which it's hot that causes less clothing
yes but im also not gonna listen to someone who gets money from a guy who pays her for company/sex sorry
&lt; is this the girl?
it also possible i clapped wrong my entire childhood.
did everything wrong, including hebrew school participation. still paying for it
he has lived here for a while. he was born in afghanistan. he's a naturalized us citizen.
a neighbor said he grew up there...i saw the interview.
ad hominem how? by calling it the "wingnut" caucus? by saying you were ignoring its veto?
wingnut is name-calling. ad hominem by definition. so we'll go with "moonbats" to further the discussion.
a stunning insider's look at how 60 minutes withheld info after a debate in 2012 to help pres o.
nothing is "stunning" about this story relative to anything in this 2016 election
ny congressman after bombing suspect caught: "you're welcome colin kaepernick"
congressman ignorant comment to colin k and others like u need to do some research on being blk in america!!!
this election will probably be decided by florida and/or putin, and i'm not sure which is scarier
or by an insta post or an op-ed in the times about hillary's hydration regimen
epropulsion=past =now vaccum field=future c
there's a w china theyre 1st w c us =...
watch on ... c- span? yeah! we with that! the power is in the numbers! do no reward media for their bias cove...
not a bad idea.
is it unprofessional to have a pic of you and business fish as your avi
nope. looks like you've just pitched an idea he's receptive to.
trump brags about new york bombing: 'i called it before the news'. called it before he really knew what happened
donald trump elected president the sun will never shine again
if they care about issues, they don't have a choice. hillary is it.
telling skeptical voters they have no choice but to agree with you is a losing message. just my opinion.
who gives a shit
lol your team trash.
oh the irony: look who's going to end up in prison ; )
but the only thing you guys do is look outward w/schadenfreude.easier than reading verified emails &amp; souls searching
me and eden are stuck on the bus
why is she on your bus
cap'n crunch berries i just pyo
them shits nasty
. keep lying jake, you're embarrassing yourself. hillary said "bombings" before officially acknowledged as such.
they pay no attention
yeah and my natural habitat is green and silver.
good point. i figure anything is an upgrade over yellow and black.....
i've given this note so many times. "watch your movie in your head and imagine how it cuts together on screen."
i watch the trailer 1st. then my oscar acceptance. then the look on my enemies' faces...am i doing it wrong?
we're sorry your bag got wet. we try to keep it as dry as we can during times of weather.
there wasn't any covering or any visible attempt to keep bags dry. how exactly are you keeping ppl's bags dry?
how much $$$ did clinton pay you to say this? denied it!
. all the way to victory on nov8th!
that screen grab looks like edward norton.
which? on the druids thumb?
the conflict in is complicated as fuck, so to parse this clusterfuck, we bring you a very special sedition.
hopeful &amp; yet tragic how humanity, democracy, &amp; resistance gets squashed &amp; maligned by evil forces of inhumanity
they must have really needed a bag.
was a busy night in the dumpsters... too much stuff to carry.
with sf live
im screaming
trying to decide if for someone who doesn't game, doesn't store video, is a 16gig nexus 5x or iphonese the path to sadness.
my guess? probably. the apps keep getting bigger, and no one seems to preen their photos.
cyberbully is just a movie about a dumb white girl who won't turn off her computer lmaoooo
this bitch about to kill herself bc someone online called her a slut lmaoooooo im done
they always somehow tie it back to being "gendered." as if dt didn't run all cycle on "be very afraid. they are coming."
"this whole thing smacks of gender," as i flip over the predator drone joystick and ruin killing the isis 2nd in command
i was raised to believe powering through was expected of you. the strong power through. americans power through...
great insight
wakefield or crosby? don't know the requirements for an epidemiology phd.
mr. crosby.
anyone need an actor to play the roll of cop, drill sergeant, or chicago bears superfan?
we're casting for a 1970s bumbling cat burglar who takes selfie's w/o his ski mask on at the crime scene.
try target, sam's club, or walmart! also, check out vitacost, and amazon!
i bought box of cranberries almond (dec 2016) but nuts taste stale ;(
who ahmad khan rahami represents: himself who he doesn't represent: -islam -muslims -afghans -sikhs -anybody else stereotyped as muslim
unless of course he died in a suicide bombing, in that case he would be a hero for allah
the great divider is almost done desicrating the sacred office of president. it has been a torturous 8 years.
fumigation yep that'll work
wassup?! you think this is a fucking game?! this real life b! better be ready to to have that pepperoni pizza on call
i just had no idea, you had a pair hanging. i'll be sure to skip breakfast on sunday, so i have room for pizza. thanks
not domestically, no. which is why i never understood why bs fans didn't make a bigger deal over fp
he could've highlighted fp earlier, but i think surprised everyone when he became viable candidate
if for some reason you haven't checked out this album yet, let my review change that for you. aoty material.
it's fantastic. i can't believe the glut of great music we've had in 2016.
a neighbor said he grew up there...i saw the interview.
right. he was born in afghanistan. then his family came to the us. i'm not sure what the confusion is?
byu's clearly not very good, but that's still a good road win. i just hope stanford doesn't maul them.
hey, we opened as favorites (lol)!
imagine wasting your tuition money like this
this is a required course to transfer to a 4 year
you remember different passwords/phrases, right? plus: telling the truth means people can know the answer and fake being you
nobody remembers different passwords/phrases; the whole password system is currently broken :s
that's what yall think....
that's what we know
happy bornday enjoy ya shit
thank you adi appreciate it
why membership at means more than just having a place to work: when you're in need, staff bends over backwards to help.
just today, a water main break threatened to cancel a huge client meeting that has long been in the works.
well that incident--that's just a lesson to never go into the subway with frank underwood. also zoe is stupid.
so true. never go with frank underwood anywhere.
all the best for your keynote at tomorrow. will there be a recording?
keynote is today and yes- it will be recorded.
went to italy, island of elba &amp; then lucca. kitties had a lovely cat sitter &amp; human sister to look after them, so all good
sounds like a perfect trip!
looks like im going to be on talking about and the . what does the future bring for the little bird. $
ross. the nfl - thursday night/twtr was a game changer. its just the beginning!
the mayor was making millions tho
yup. partying with celebs and everything
nothing sucks more than your car battery dying on a monday on campus
do you need a jump??
5. an untested candidate (who failed so many tests of the primaries due to being a rookie at national races) would likely be doing worse now
in no small part because i doubt african americana would be as enthusiastic for him as we are for hillary.
this bitch about to kill herself bc someone online called her a slut lmaoooooo im done
she couldnt even get the cap off of the pill bottle
i kept waking up every hour during the night and now i'm really af
sleepy* sorry i can't function
that too. yes ca dif is high...then? if we repeal , will cities give up difs? no, not even a little bit
probably has become ingrained in culture.
ya wild'n these are fire!!
the reg shits thr wavy ones
it's not about the clothes, it's about all of the gimmicks. just win and good things happen.
3-0. good things on the horizon? let's wait and see.
ny congressman after bombing suspect caught: "you're welcome colin kaepernick"
recent attempted terror plot more than likely hashed way before decided to take a knee to the nat anthem
i read this headline &amp; thought why would you leave flowers? jewish mourning traditions are impactful.
thank you for your thoughtful comment and rt!
highly underrated
, bro. even "highly underrated" is an understatement in itself.
s5e3: lorelai walks into the diner in luke's plaid shirt.
the look on gypsy's face makes me lol every time!
go on suburban white dumbasses, keep electing republican governors -- of the 10 with worst approval ratings, 8 are...
(this is also true for the top 10, but 3 of those just took office last year)
i now know how that double rainbow guy felt. this is a religious experience
i am anti religious. religion is made by man, god makes rainbows.
is trump blaming clinton for the attacks here?
all trump did was basically reverse what hrc said in her presser today....he is such a child.
anyone who's ever owned a gopro will likely weep for joy seeing this in the new product specs
but does it actually work?
that creates a security issue for regular users. ask a few lambda questions, and you can hack the person
if that third-party website is hacked, yes. as well as with your password. password/questions must be replaced.
a nearby fire knocked out 's phones all weekend. help us get back on track to end the drive strong:...
the fires burn strong
make a tea filled with protein or pre workout
we maaaay have somthin' in the works that you'll like.
lmfaooo yo i lost that watch
that's god looking out for u
just a little clip from this weeks don't be tardy .. airs wednesday night at 10pm!! i absolutely...
i still haven't watched it haha
donald trump criticized president obama for "diminishing the threat" from isis
obama will be found out if! "he who is not with me is against me, and he who does not gather with me scatters abroad. mathew 12:30
just say no to the container store! cc
wow. thanks.
oomf wants me to pull up her bbma performance?
you don't have to i watched the vmas
ivanka trump is now receiving secret service protection via
is this the norm don`t know of any other person who ran for potus having their kids covered
wasn't that a few years ago with dasani?
i think so. i don't buy either
yep i did and you say that you could that mean that you think about it so question yourself
i never thought of saying that cause that's some serious issue.
'it was 1529 and the wolves were en route to their very own hall.it was an exciting time to be lupine.'-my forthcoming book,actual wolf hall
i'm more excited about my apocalyptic sheep crashing from the sky novel, wool fall.
you are welcome make sure you keep an eye on brits in enterprise tech for
our eyes are always open, seeing some great co's out of the uk cc + more
happy birthday soph enjoy what's left
i'm 13 days late but thanks kyle
unfortunately he's just as scary so moot point &amp; still no validity.
u.s.a. is in peril. one must make a choice of hoping 4 rescue or demise. elites on both sides allowed this 2 happen.
first tweet about it was over a month ago... sad you'll miss it.
i should pay better attention. i'm trying to work it out. i might be there. :)
they should be forced to go to the same doctor and whoever has the lower cholesterol wins the whole fucking thing
whoever can last through a hot yoga class and you know it's hill
as isis celebrates nyc&amp;mn, traitor obama doesn't mention "terror" or "islam" or "isis" in remarks on bombings
obama already made it clear islam has nothing to do with terrorism so why mention it?
the seahawks lose a fifth-round pick, which means: seahawks lose future pro bowler.
why did they lose pick? too lazy
rt "magnificent and colourful !
awesome shot! thanks!
breaking: obama delivers statement following attacks in new york and new jersey (live video)
is weak &amp; our country is a laughing stock on the world stage. he's refusal to acknowledge isis is a threat is dangerous
you're right that clinton is a stronger candidate than sanders. still, she's weak. been worried about that all year.
what about her is weak?
what is...what is there to explain?
well, actually...
just today, a water main break threatened to cancel a huge client meeting that has long been in the works.
community and event staff then helped me get a solution to use part of the space with less than 24 hours notice. amazing.
prosecutors say chris christie is a criminal. why is he still running trump's transition? via
because he's a criminal too? :)
usual loons will be conflating credit line with debt. bill gates = big credit line, no debt. sevco = debt, no credit line.
altho a miracle considering the market they are in fundamentals not good need a better team to guarantee ucl
it also acknowledges boehner's problems with his right wing.
of course there are always conflicts within both parties. and exec &amp; legislative branches r in oppostion by constitutional design
rosy starling still around obs until 1815 then flew off strongly with 6 starlings - hopefully to roost rather than away.
not a hope i'm back tomorrow
who has class with me
i think we have english together
what are you talking about? the constitution, including the 1a, do not, do not, apply to private actors. cmon bro
he has no const. right to protest in someone else's private production. on the sidewalk, yes. game, no.
me at ashley
awwwh don't do her like that
hey why is 3 south (2003) one and only season not on ?? please please tell me why?
more info on 3 south!!! bring it baccckkkk. . 2 girls that work for mtv told me to do this.
policy is exactly why they should the other 2 get 24/7 opportunities to talk policy.
no matter how mush you deny it, johnson &amp; stein are spoilers. a vote for either is. vote for trump, the traitor.
a nearby fire knocked out 's phones all weekend. help us get back on track to end the drive strong:...
the fire burns strong (but fortunately not too strong)
check out the slides from my recent on traveling like a pro:
saw this via , super cool! i'm the founder of . in nyc for the next 10 days if you're up for a coffee!
didnt know that was possible? coolio!
yeap pretty much anything aside from bath bombs and the like. feel free to ask for samples! (they are free)
tweet or email us @ nprpolitics.org
how about young people who are into her? are they welcome to reach out as well?
it is time and thank you :)
come back to ny i have plenty for u to choose from!
yo! email it to me.. godjblacknmild at gmail
email is being sent now work the mp3 attached
nyc / nj bombing hoax starring patsy ahmad khan rahami
discussing it on tv and they brought up nice and orlando. smfh. red flag.
that's why he wrote in his book the unholy quran; provisions for him having extramarital affairs
satan is a liar and the father of all liars..
ride lonesome: nice interaction btwn characters, stunning location, lawton inspired af, and a magnificent end scene.
one of boetticher's best.
i have class on monday's from 11:00-11:50, 1:20-3:50 and 4:00-5:15. thoughts and prayers with me during this difficult time
2.5 hour class in the middle of the day?! ouch. hope that's lab, not lecture. much luck!!
obama on right wing media "misinformation:"
you think he's right?
so, you're saying you're *not* scared of being raped by him? which is it, dear? (also, that story was false.)
hope you're not defending someone preys on unconscious women to get what he wants
happy birthday to my twin ily &amp; imysm have a great day
happy bday timmy!!!tutu
yes. unguided processes don't have goals.
my point is that humans cannot logically be "the end", since the above human obviously did go on to evolve much further.
today announced that they will honor 1b mark teixeira in a pregame ceremony on sun., oct. 2.
i'll be at that game! yayy!! i'm sad to say goodbye to mark but i'm glad i'll get to see the ceremony
just say no to the container store! cc
link took me to a dress store ... ?
get out &amp; , lets not allow it to be close- lets win in a landslide!!
hey fools listen at your own peril
alex boone asked fans to "shut the f--- up a little bit," to which any fan should reply: "you first."
these brats are incredibly spoiled.they truly don't know how good they have it thanks exclusively to fans
we just posted and is working on a fix too. thanks so much for understanding!
looking a lot better now, thanks so much for all your hard work guys!
this twitter account had all the info on elizabeth nj last night hours ahead of other news outlets.
well, it was the weekend...
oh god it is isn't it? :/
omfg yes! its going to be pokemongorewind xp xp
here are rainfall totals from today's storm.
. 1.36" as of 2pm in miller place, long island
if we do find it isn't an acting role, we will remove the project.
rob bliss, power of likes. posted 9/16
thanks... it seems he has blocked me.
yw. a us congressman shouldn't be blocking anyone from his statements
lol someone randomly commented on today's vlog how youtubers should use their platform to spread awareness of the benefits of socialism.
1) tf do you watch my videos how is that relevant 2) yals responses were so great ...
fab: i can't believe you never watched the lion king me: i watched the little mermaid cuz she had red hair fab: .... simba has red hair
we were in the god damn lion king play as children your tripping
girl i've accepted this lifestyle lmao
i have.. was nervous as hell yesterday
well i found a page about indiana trucks and this is not the only survivor yet they are rare
awesome! thanks!
we're also very very lucky that the attackers tried to use explosives rather than guns.
is he serious?! are you serious?! i can't with these fucking morons anymore.
there are a few in-universe short stories, too. fully bibliography is here:
you're the best! thank you!
fire as always
thank you brother! when you in nyc again?
i guess this means i should pick the dolphins this week
i will be as well
all fans need to tune in to watch make his first nfl start on sunday! i can't wait! ...
only time ive ever been excited to see the browns.....
and getting joy from other people's injuries
these guys really lack reading comprehension.
i finally downloaded the new ios and apple music is now so ugly i wanna scream
it's really bad.
heard on , classy move by host&amp;guest lynne cox, holding her book intv over while &amp;city bigs had presser.
cox, a long distance swimmer, wrote swimming in the sink-an episode of the heart. she's endured heart illness
$20 and losers avi for a week....
bet $20 and the winner chooses the losers avi for a week. my avi rights are owned by bum ass now so after sunday lol
what else can we do? you won't hire us anymore....
sigh. it is all very inequitable, isn't it?
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
who told us he was ok oh great wizard?
this piece on the sabres with some interesting takes, like "rebuild taking too long" &amp; "risto stinks"
how is ror going to get "tougher assignments" than he got last year. never came off the ice as it was.
magazine's 2016 list of the 50 "best places to live" in america was announced today and eden prairie is !
just not from november-mid march
whats your gm?
i think it's laxmac93
compose looks pretty good. having stable database urls is important and it looks like they do?
yup, and their ha stuff for postgres is very impressive. regardless of anything else, you def don't want your db in docker!
i think its in your settings. jets won too yesterday, right?
others have tagged me and it's bee fine maybe becomes i'm a jets fan and that's a giants helmet
what do you prefer?
you mean "what *should* you prefer?"
if you think like that it's okay sorry for bothering you but stop spreading hate please
i'm not spreading hate. i don't hate her. she just can't sing. where's the hate?
let's make u a star
my first vlog is happening tomorrow.
...poor ill-informed little girl. i'm so sick of black people being so forgiving. for what? we've done nothing but be black.
black ppl have so much forgiveness for so little justice and it has to stop.
happy birthday, cutie! hope you have an amazing day and get sloshed tonight! love and miss you!
thank you!!! love you sm &amp; miss you
oh my gawd is it lancer
yes it is
1) tf do you watch my videos how is that relevant 2) yals responses were so great ...
3) he imdtly deleted it after i commented "socialism is great until u run out of other people's money." youtube comment section always lit
of course there are always conflicts within both parties. and exec &amp; legislative branches r in oppostion by constitutional design
but, unlike reagan &amp; clinton, obama chose to fight house majority rather than his own party, so the 'grand bargain" collapsed.
what should we do, just let them platform fascists?
that should be called out for sure but there's a lot of stuff on my tl on the minutiae of the goings on with them.
he buggin tf out.
he has gone crazy
happy birthday girly
thanks boo
we all want a keeper brian, no thotties out here
ain't no love for these hoes
the nfl could fire him, the government can't do anything.
i'm not advocating the government do anything. read the article. i'm advocating the nfl punish him.
you're so full of shit. there are hundreds if not thousands of black people arrested each day without incident.
you missed the entire point being made, and what's more astonishing is that you're an ...editor?
right. he was born in afghanistan. then his family came to the us. i'm not sure what the confusion is?
that's not what was implied by the neighbor. it's not confusion.it's more skeptical about media getting fact straight
i've never held a newborn in my arms before but i'd wager that it still doesn't beat discovering your favorite restaurant has a byob policy.
which one???
this friday
who's shit is that?
we got this. go ahead and manually add the run and correct distance. thanks for the feedback, we have a team working on it.
that's what i've been doing. i'll watch out for the fix! thank you
gundogan loves klopp but explains why he thinks pep is better &gt;&gt; not for us, ilkay
klopp is more like a family guy and says pep is a genius
": refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming. lots young males, poorly vetted.
and what does this have to with afghanistan?
i think its in your settings. jets won too yesterday, right?
sunday off we beat bills on thursday
there are three characters here from plus, if anyone remembers walter gabriel...
storm doris!?!
thanks for 3k boys!
congrats! i was at 3k but dropped down to 2990 for some reason lmao
i'm wondering if he has any family members that would like to live in a great country
i'd rather live in a good country than a great one.
happy birthday
thank you lol i appreciate it
a grown man just texted me these emojis.
it could have been this
i will gladly come
ok thx i'll pick u up at 6 !!
i'm not. i'm no participating in a corrupt system
united states democracy is the best , true and tested operation available to mankind.
feeling v v hesitant about mr. robot tbh
but everyone at work says i would love it but ion trust it
maybe read something not posted by breitbart?
like? im in security and get briefings you never will, but maybe you know facts i can't get.
. hillary clinton is the most criminally corrupt &amp; least qualified cand to ever run for the presidency
bet you're too dumb to look on politicususa or polifact b/c if you did, you'd know you're spewing lies abt hillary!
happy birthday dude
thanks claudia i appreciate it
honestly rumor or not, taylor would want to get with one of the hottest k-drama stars in south korea to stay releva...
haha, just some rumor about taylor swift and lee min ho possibly becoming an item.
right. he was born in afghanistan. then his family came to the us. i'm not sure what the confusion is?
if i'm confused...i will be clear about it. i'm skeptical.
this company got me 5 times more for a delay than the airline offered.
they gotta get their shit together that's for sure man
i counted on my block this morning. out of about 50 cars, 15 were registered out of state.
when i lived in carroll gardens, i'd say 1 in 3 cars were out of state registered.
cats don't care about your "laws"
you probably just spotted our feline unit. putting nine lives on the line for you, every shift.
girl forget nervous i was furious
lmfaoo being at the stadium was hella different lol..
churchill would be in prison under this new british "islamophobia" law
islamistkids now allowed to have isis beards inromancathuk school&amp;islamnow practiced in itafter
would love to see %age of those fees that go to preserving parking. ( had a stunning palo alto example in thcofp.)
ah i never saw that one! do you have a screenshot?
ima keep pushing your way until you realize he's perfect for you
lmao stop it
lmfao maybe u took it cuz u lowkey love wearing mk
i wouldn't even sell no shit like that... u know what sonia, i've grown tired of your presence dismissed.
we always say that and we end up getting them done
forsure friday ?
happy birthday!
thank you jas appreciate it
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
we need to be smart. which rules you out.
contrary to his adamant, heartfelt, insistent claims of being out of loop.
he's a thug.
now udaari is going to non family drama my all family watch udaari together
it's a family drama we have to educate our family about rap and how fight for our rights!!
you're so full of shit. there are hundreds if not thousands of black people arrested each day without incident.
and then u go on to cite other incidents (blanket style) as a defense for why the perp wasn't shot
i get that but there's no reason why they shouldn't be on the same level, both tragedies happening in nyc
a mass murdering planned by people from another country that we have beef with... vs a girl getting raped. both bad situations
y do people hate jatalie so much .they call us delusional. i say were hopeful.
it isnt that many people america loves them
loved that movie
great movie!
liz, i have more experience in vaccine hesitance and refusal than most docs. well-educated, yes. mostly white? no
i believe was referring to national data; yours specific to socal
happy birthday! i hope that you have a great day
thank you dolly i appreciate it
hey, ilya! thanks for reaching out; security is paramount and we want to address. please dm us. *samanthaallen
i dmed, yolandaw told me to wait 72h for a response. what?
the "should geordi or logan be in charge?" subplot in "arsenal of freedom" is so stupid because troi is right there and outranks them both!
i know she hadn't taken the whole command officer test yet at the time but you can't tell me geordi, lieutenant junior grade, had taken it
this pic is nothing but quality!! what's this pup's name?
louie! after king louie from the jungle book. he's a rescue!!
key &amp; peele won an emmy? lmfao wow
for what? most boring duo?
so i'm omw to work and a cop pulls up next to me in his car and asks how old i was i said 19 and he was like really oh you look like 15
he said he thought i was cutting class i'm like no if i was to cut class you wouldn't of seen me at all
i lost to nawti and oto in that tourneys. in finals, ask
wtf how can u know exactly what tourney i'm talking about crackhead use your brain
happy birthday ! hope you have a good one !
thanks jessica i appreciate it lol i miss you!
gina i missed your comment live thank you so much i love you
heiwa, recognize the handwriting?
today's is the worst since wwii. can we stand up like 's co-founders did?
what can each of us do to help the refugee crisis?
i get that but there's no reason why they shouldn't be on the same level, both tragedies happening in nyc
but there's more than 29 people that was injured.
i literally have no idea how to unlock my phone in ios 10. i'm pretty sure i do something different ever single time.
i found enabling "rest finger to open" helped me get used to it, found in settings under general -&gt; accessibility -&gt; home button
bitches who shop in rainbow stay getting wifed cause they can cook good ass arroz con gandules
why was this in my drafts lmao im so annoying
i just turned the feeds on for the first time in awhile now. is james losing weight? it seems like he is getting thinner.
i think he is but i bet hes still stressed
omg when i worked at kauffman i didn't know this was a thing &amp; a real functioning r2 rolled onto the employee elevator with me
and everyone around me was chill like this was super normal and i was freaking out
he was a witness to julian trying to kill alexis perhaps
yeah, i'm just being crabby on sonny at the moment lol
it is not vastly exclusive you can learn at community colleges for free and thousands of valid resources online.
again, that is nothing even close to the policy that drew people to bernie.
yaaa. i feel like i wasted college life. :/
we all did! for me 4 yrs engg was like career counseling. once i got out, i knew what i want to do.
she is as baby jane..that old bette voice is killing me in the best way!
yeah, killed me that entire episode, bette, lil' poundcake runway &amp; lip sync, it was so good!!
asians &amp; mexicans do it all the time rt : imagine living in a one bedroom apartment with 10 people...
smh that's horrible.. there has to be a solution. asians are also the new booming community.
what types of games are being played? how's it goin' down?
the indecisiveness is ridiculous.
that has nothing to do with the constitution then!!!
that was my point. those who say his rights would be violated flunked civics.
unless you inherit a family home that your parents wouldn't have been able to hold on to without prop 13...
you can design property taxes in many different ways. you can defer until sale, or take out of capital gains
b$d .. i ain't forget coach.
you already know mk!! much love and keep working
you're so full of shit. there are hundreds if not thousands of black people arrested each day without incident.
i think your obsession with islamaphobia and race bait is more jarring.
to be clear, if you valued the unicorns at nutanix's ttm rev multiple, nearly all would not be unicorns at all!
that hashtag is amazing
he's got an mph, same as dana ullman. it's an administrator's qualification.
i think it depends what you make of it. have lots of respect for
you rationalizing that dems own indy vote when they could even keep 13% of their own was disatrous
nader lost the election for the dems. experts warned about it. people were offering to trade votes.
gam ani. didn't learn that in hebrew school, oh no. nothing so useful as that.
hope my tweet wasn't ambiguous - i meant to say *i* did everything wrong in hebrew school. pretty sure i didn't-
you want something to vote for, not just against: optimism, not resentment. answers, not anger. ideas, not insults. bridges, not walls.
doesn't work anymore.
unless you inherit a family home that your parents wouldn't have been able to hold on to without prop 13...
or you could raise the 2% slightly to 5% yoy, but give full exchange/transfer across ca.
right. he was born in afghanistan. then his family came to the us. i'm not sure what the confusion is?
i wouldn't really expect you to understand why i'm skeptical. so this is a pointless convo. :)
archie's first deer
what did he do?
god, i pray this happens, though johnson has a huge ego and thinks he could win lol.
johnson is delusional, stoned,nor dumb b/c he still thinks he can win.
so... um... does that store or transmit your fingerprint patterns? btw, their license agreement in the app store is... amusing.
i didn't even see that. it processed my card in under a second and i was out. a lot more sturdy than a swivel ipad
i get off of work at 4
what do u wanna do
hope my tweet wasn't ambiguous - i meant to say *i* did everything wrong in hebrew school. pretty sure i didn't-
stand for hatikvah lolll
there are four general areas of skill one should use to evaluate an actors abilities: authenticity intelligence creativity presence
philip seymour hoffman, our greatest ever, measures off the charts on all of them. to display his remarkable talents, here r his best perf.s
nice to meet you mate! x
likewise darlin'! p x
thanks for posting such great photos from !
cheers, congrats on the terrific book!
donald trump has secret plan to destroy isis by using profanity via
hillary has a plan to empower them by pulling out of the middle east.and keeping our borders open
i guess i see all that as good. i guess youdon't
2 and putting a lot of anxiety into low-risk decisions.
if i'm confused...i will be clear about it. i'm skeptical.
i'm sorry, but what is so hard to believe about a child emigrating to the us with his family and then growing up here?
minnesota police chief schools fox news hosts who try to blame stabbings on somali community
the scared news network at work again.
in little haiti - is holding a listening session. great crowd - everyone enjoying the conversation.
trump doesn't listen, he just blabbers lies all day long
we all can predict that as it has always been that way terrorist come in all types america born r other look at his...
yes, but this is the first time you have a major party candidate encouraging them.
and it's disgusting to attack police thru it when they were attacked.
there was no attack on police. it was an opinion. using the term attack loosely in this scenario is
love the people who treat you right and forget about the ones who don't.
so true, negative vibes, will never surpass positive ones.
wool fall, like an alternative history take on wolf hall, like wide sargasso sea to jane eyre. giving a voice to the oppressed
tagline: "you won't sleep - there's too many sheep to count"
shep gordon on life as the supermensch
shep gordon is the real deal
even trump has to pretend to care about family policy. that's great news for families:
one could argue that the nader backlash partly explains the dems nomination of a "safe", but weak candidate.
arnab must watch film quran revised edition on
quran revised,must be rewritten,even change the damn name.islam wants tosurvi
unless you inherit a family home that your parents wouldn't have been able to hold on to without prop 13...
but in general, the beneficiaries would've been homeowners, who would be more likely to be white, middle or
fans on are upset that they didnt go for td in last 2 min of the game rather than take the knee 3 times then fg.
sounds like people that have never played a game of football in there life.
you rationalizing that dems own indy vote when they could even keep 13% of their own was disatrous
dems were not against greens get ballot access, but they knew the race would be close. accept truth.
congratulations on your first protected scaffolding lane, san francisco! good to see 's executive order...
is he not building a ramp so you can go over the truck (ignore the tree and electric lines)?
who's better
kanye of course
i wonder how long everyone's extended tweets are gonna look like this to me
it's tweetbot be prepared to wait like 2 years
'today's challenge..relinking jobs with passion and purpose'
still reading the original theory u book. does this build on that first one? more examples, maybe?
msnbc skews poll to put clinton in lead
nah not them! lol
unless you inherit a family home that your parents wouldn't have been able to hold on to without prop 13...
upper-middle class. so who are you really speaking for?
what a loser and a raging racist birther and a pathetic pathological liar. that be donald trump.
what does it say about the people willing to ignore his racist unprincipled past yet still willing to vote for him?
why can't i be going in to an office full of man u fans today? seem to have been surrounded by the buggers for the last 30 years...
they have a tendency to disappear when they aren't winning.
and it's disgusting to attack police thru it when they were attacked.
wreckless on your part. so stop pandering to that
reports that the assad regime has aerially bombarded a un aid convoy
what a mess. get the usa out!
trying my best to punch through!
anthony, i just followed you..look forward-anticipating us helping each other as we are capable. feel free to follow me anytime
yw. a us congressman shouldn't be blocking anyone from his statements
mangano blocks me too. i guess i ask questions they don't want.
thanks brian, i think i'll need it , 8 hours outside in glasgow in november
ooft not going to be easy at all suzanne
battleborn ain't so bad breh
overwatch is better though. more fun, and more balanced.
i'm sure there's dummer fans out there but i hate the character. before anyone jumps at me. ..i've hated the character before jan 2014.
she's such a sanctimonious brat
i hav a feeling its just lil meech .that lil rabble rouzer
lol is it a boy or a girl
i've been going alone too but i need someone to help push me past my limits. lets go tomorrow! i like going in the morning tho
like how early? i got class at 1240-240 tomorrow
i'm sorry, but what is so hard to believe about a child emigrating to the us with his family and then growing up here?
i didn't say that was hard to understand. and you just proved the point of my last tweet.
oh thank you my love. you'll always be my vp
combo / , i am so here for it
yes, i'm an editor and have common sense, unlike the two idiots i just blocked.
i find it funny that because they have an opposing opinion they're automatically idiots.
oh please !! ever occur 2 you that those in gov't could have planted those bombs &amp; then place blame on some idiot?
totally! not sure who ordered the manchurian candidate phone call. here's a clue: dt was losing 62-38, now 59-41
great folks to
thanks, iona. have a great week :-)
wanna get some pasta at el rancho and just chill
sure (gotta go to the bank so it might be more like 4:30 (which idk if you wanna go home and change it works well)
what's the weird trail in the night sky?
bugs lol - trees are lit w/ my headlamp which was attracting them
you have manlier hands than he does
you can't even see my hands but okay dom
why does 2k career mode always give weak college choices...duke? kentucky? unc? not illinois n georgia tech
that's what i'm saying
shoot us an e-mail? xplainthexmen(at)gmail(dot)com
keep being rad, jay.
yup. yaml is like a migrane. xml is worse though!
agree! i use json. would prefer it to have comments, but otherwise, :)
assuming that you're begrudgingly willing to go back to commuting to the city again? if so, i'll ask around.
actively trying to avoid it by begging for dates. lol
yikes tho..
i can't believe that. that's nuts.
it's in oakland, right? all i ever see is the party in b lot outside the stadium, so i assume.
we're in b lot but it's pretty much everywhere
not shocked.
when journalists interview other journalists rather than report facts, it's what you get.
i see some hurt in this tweet bruh
nah never that, just speaking in general.
this would be a higher margin for clinton than obama had in 2012. johnson likely taking more young gop voters than...
what was the margin in 2012?
this after party is off da chain!
as long as the food is good
no...but i talked about end of watch in the piece...
agree with that. that quote is pretty extreme. although i disagree with your assessment of the wire...
hey , did you already got the chance to shoot with the gh5 as an ambassador of the gh4? :p
, i have not yet. but panasonic likes me, so we'll see...
these motions that rose's legal team keeps filing are really awful.
you might say that the knicks didn't do their due diligence before the trade.
thank you for making scotch pies!!!!
did you try the free ones we did?
agree with that. that quote is pretty extreme. although i disagree with your assessment of the wire...
which i don't think plays into this pro-police media environment. the opposite, in fact, for me at least.
happy birthday tocaya lol have a good one !
thank you tocaya i appreciate it
i support the africa repatriation movement! they need to go back to their african homeland
it sickens me to hear people call a terrorist "the gentleman" and trump "mister"
all you see no evil new york lib media elites who were downplaying chelsea attack sure look extra-stoopid now.
does any media elite remember chiding trump for saying certain muslims in elizabethtown were celebrating 9/11 ??
aww man. :-( because that's what ny needs. . . more places to eat. smfh
because there aren't thousands of restaurants, dozens of grocery stories, a bodega on every corner.
failing that, i'm almost willing to straight up buy a one-off. xd
well currently i can't change the amount goal until it ends, and if i relaunch i will be going through a cheaper company
me too! so wonderfully done! come on season 2!!
yep i can't wait for more!
wishing jacob degrom a speedy recovery. the season won't be the same without him. best of luck, !
looking forward to him coming to spring training ready to kick butt!! .
daniel levy has confirmed tottenham hotspur have entered negotiations over naming rights for the new stadium.
hope it will be the apple
thomas edison in 1910: "electric cars are the future of transportation."
until rockefeller found the oil :)
americans,,another back pack found ,,police set off as they were trying to defuse it ,,nyc ,,..
thank god they caught him.
thanks for liking :d i hope your station can play some during the holidays ;-)
i'm sure we will!
he was there when julian tried to murder alexis.
i know i know lol..i'm being a crabby pants on sonny today
ready to rumble makes no sense, a movie made to promote wcw, yet casts wrestling fans as absolute loser dumbasses.
a microcosm of wcw's booking strategy for 85% of its existence. nothing made sense.
sick beats dude!
, get @ my email 47kmajors.com
how do u tell a loved one whos sensitive about evrything, theyr not bathing right?
"you're not scrubbin ya ass right. be happy that someone who. ares for you is saying it and not some fool trying to diss you"
who's finger is the ring on
his hand it like 2 times the size of mine you can't even see the hands wtf are you talking about
thanks for sharing! love what you're all about.
thank you! we love playing outside
very strange. denegerates like will tell you that if a line looks to good to be true it probably is.
lmaooo at you bringing smooth into this
which i don't think plays into this pro-police media environment. the opposite, in fact, for me at least.
again, i totally agree w/ your premise, but i think you're missing the subtlety &amp; complexity of shows like wire &amp; svu 2.0 (s13-17)
learn the true islam and then judge him
stay the fuck off my page you goat fucking muslim lover
i still dunno what i wanna do, i know a set of things i don't wanna do because of college.
minimizing the options is an important step in decision making :)
just compare these two guys:
compare them to who?
super cool to be in attendance / social good summit watching speak about cancer research
dude is my boy, hell yes
they were right
you're pressed
miss you already bub
already can't wait for the next trip out there. i miss you too neighbor! :(
where u been tho
in vegas... i'm training for my next fight out there... i'm fighting in late october.
giannis antetokounmpo has agreed on a 4-year, $100 million contract extension with the milwaukee bucks.
he is gonna be worth way more than that . he should have waited
i want to be the person you're afraid to lose.
literally so scared
again, i totally agree w/ your premise, but i think you're missing the subtlety &amp; complexity of shows like wire &amp; svu 2.0 (s13-17)
portraying police in dramatic situations isn't the problem -- what matters is how you do it.
i get the feeling that exhibitors just don't care about people who care about having an optimum viewing experience.
these new theaters (drafthouse/nitehawk) that serve food/drinks inside theaters may be only ones required to care anymore.
huge shoutout to . the only analytics that work inside imessage and normal apps, they worked dedicated with us this weekend.
and the only analytics platform i know that updated their ios sdk to swift!
want to follow, interview or need latinx speakers? "latinx in tech badasses" want to be added? just @ reply me!
why hey there!
i need a man who can double as my boyfriend and personal trainer
and life coach while we're at it
25 mill a year.....unfuckingbelievable
that kid is hella talented though bro.
damn! when's that from?
about a month ago.
i didn't say that was hard to understand. and you just proved the point of my last tweet.
so everyone is lying and it's all a cover up?
oh it's definitely worth it! ike's is the best sandwich spot around and best thing on the app!
definitely the best thing in the app.
lions plan to send film of possible blown calls to league office
good. it's about time we stopped taking the league's b.s.
this talk by mccarthy is...
yo!!! i'm reading the tweets and this dude has lost his entire mind
clinton wooing millennials. if you're a young voter just not that into her, would love to hear your thoughts ....
/1 i understand why you're asking about who's not into her. i'm white, middle-age male hrc supporter, &amp; wondering....
"if i don't prepare you for when am gone then i don't love you,you must never be dependent on anyone, especially financially." - mom
thats why she's a queen
of course nyers aren't fazed by the bombs because if they can handle eating that flat lifeless garbage they call pizza they can handle anyth
you're right, detroit style is actually superior
the price that it was before you jacked it up 5000%. i wonder if your mouth will be this big in prison.
why was that price the right price?
u into edits/mash-ups?
the liaisons dangereuses cut is so good too !
where was i wrong
bro 1. knicks making it passed the 1st round book it!! and 2. utah ??? the most blasphemous thing i've seen you say
what's up with that
they're trynna dash my curry
hey you won go to my link
sick can i use this to deport juan
well currently i can't change the amount goal until it ends, and if i relaunch i will be going through a cheaper company
all tiers already have rewards, but i will be having different stretch goals next time around.
minnesota police chief schools fox news hosts who try to blame stabbings on somali community
steve douchebag, fox and trump are the enemy from within. they need to be eradicated from the u.s.
1.5 billion muslims are not terrorist. stop blaming an entire faith over the shit acts of a minority.
i'm a nyr too people in iowa or out there don't fathom there's 1mil muslms in nyc. more in jersey.
thank you so much . and yes, he does. 's gowns revere womanhood.
and he can make any woman feel good in his clothes. my dress in the photo is a !
no problem ! i miss you too we need to kick it want to see your baby boy ! he's so adorable
i know foreal! hmu he's growing too fast lol
by contrast, of course, unlike trump, president jill stein would easily be able to pass her entire agenda through congress.
stein would get her agenda through executive orders bcause democracy
today's technology: fast. reliable. secure. pick one.
how about cheap?
who's confused by not calling the explosion "terrorism"? and how does (not) doing so impact the case?
just like 2 point out we've known the "explosion" was a bomb almost from the beginning
thanks. yes, please direct message loc/condition details &amp; we'll file for you. or use our app:
request # 1-1-1307124512 thanks for your attention to this matter.
what would our world look like if we partnered to help each other instead of engaging in throat competition?
last section brings full circle to idea of survival &amp; alliances of weaker in order to compete..can't rule out darwin
campaigns for unfit for potus
gee obama,i thought hillary was the most qualified person since thomas jefferson!
ok, justin. you leave me with no choice *sends anonymous letter to damara capital shareholders* *watches share price plummet*
just remind me when/where damara's agm is this year!
and this is why i'm forced to vote hillary. i pray you don't have children.
that moment donna, when the internet is laughing at you, is now..
lil meech is a girl. a lil cute bundle of hate .like a toy poodle trying to bite u
lol she will have to get over it she thinks nat doesnt like him but we al know nat likes james
how to slip in some silky smooth jazz techniques
wrong video? or is metallica now jazz.
india should disassociate in terms of commerce,trade engagement with pak:navaid hamid,all india muslim majlis-e-mushawarat
we have to copy modiji talking is not enough,let us see some spine.
clinton responds to "hillary for prison!" shout: "let's make it happen!" -
her face after the fact was hilarious.
"hello are you the 'owns 3 homes' kind of entrepreneur or the 'forced to sell burned cd-r's on the street only to get shot by cops' kind?"
hold on let me pull out my handy guide
ironic coming from the guy who gave himself a $100k+ raise by exploiting sick people.
that's weird cause i never had a salary at turing. you must know something i don't lol
the mere existence of the phrase "republican nominee donald trump" refutes american exceptionalism. exceptional nations would seen thru him.
i think your use of "exceptional" (e.g. "an exceptional student") is more value-laden than what "american exceptionalism" means.
what chat bot do you use on a daily basis?
slackbot's /remind
is whataburger good y or n?
yes. absolutely the best.
took me 8 hours to make dinner... eating healthy is simply not worth it
especially when pizza rolls only take two minutes
chris christie knew about bridge lane closings as they happened, prosecutors say, via
christie needs to be recalled.
seriously stacked today, but here all week.
so much going on. i'm here through wednesday.
detroit style is the shit
i need to find a good detroit style place in nyc
/1 i understand why you're asking about who's not into her. i'm white, middle-age male hrc supporter, &amp; wondering....
/2 ...why many m's don't like her too. she's been in public service all her life, been getting hit by partisan opponents 4 decades..
understands my love for anthony green
dude!!! you know what's up! ever since i first meet you i've told you this
finally, after spending months focusing on how 2 get repubs 2 vote 4 her while her youth support vaporized, this:
too little, too late.
are we talking about the american problem with racism here? the whole world white run
oh really??us 3rd most populous nation. china india indonesia brazil.
love you little but youd know how old i was if u didnt flake on my bday bye thx tho
excuse me you left without me
lol im lowkey still shook. they beat cuse by 20 so im not gonna take them lightly.
lol one loss and niggas think its 2006 again. lol we good.
sources say no hyphen in nap taker
too bad. but it's a pretty good job as is
talk about a speedy arrest! great investigative work, bravery, and help from the public.
awesome, great work, have a great day!!
streaming impact
still gold &amp; you're mad
philip seymour hoffman, our greatest ever, measures off the charts on all of them. to display his remarkable talents, here r his best perf.s
best p.s. hoffman perf.s (10) punch drunk love--hoffman displays his startling skills for intensity, menace &amp; rage
too much knowledge is still in the core team's heads unfortunately! hard to delegate right now, but we're working on it.
also we've got a dataset of 2719 answered questions if anybody wants to try training an rnn that does the job for us
your periodic reminder that java is a good programming language
it's not as pretty or as hip as some languages, but it doesn't let you down.
u in the city?
always in the city. when you working till?
blacks are flocking to trump! we dont want a welfare check, we want a paycheck!
you think trump is going to guarantee a paycheck? he's famous for stiffing people, not paying them
that's dope! congrats. bring that w
i'll be back soon to get my burrito
her begining she has some good and some bad lives like everybody
imma stop just cause you asked nicely. and i do like some of her music and her as a person!
screw tim tebow
why? good for him i hope he makes it
if your argument is the nfl, as an employer, has a right to punish him, then congrats. the rest of that "article" is shite.
you are slow, but you catch on.
if there's no usage the mayor will remove them? what kind of sh** is,that? as,taxpayers,we are entitled to our parking spaces!
yeah, , paying taxes doesn't entitle one to on-street storage of personal property
/2 ...why many m's don't like her too. she's been in public service all her life, been getting hit by partisan opponents 4 decades..
/3...and for that, i think she's tougher than any other leader - man or woman.
i bet, but every time we plan on going there something comes up lmao
next good dj we'll go
damn i got some really amazing people in my life
@ me next time
praying my therapist isn't sleeping and texts me back.
she texted me this morning:(
wow, that would be nice to live that long! but thanks man, very kind of you.
haha it's the hope for everyone to live that long! no problem! see ya at homestead :)
what is real? good read by about how irl is no longer distinct &amp; seperate from......
wrote a little something about this strange feedback loop
that sounds like a lovely idea. sadly, ill be playing the role of the beached whale for the near future, so none for me thx.
it is the beached whales are saved by the kindness of others. i always say, go, enjoy, and fuck the hat...
any word on field hockey game this afternoon?
ppd to thursday. no practice
hey i hear ahmad khan rahami liked to build "clocks" too. why don't you tweet about that and invite him over to the white house?
obama may as well invite him to dinner!
and here in 1959 in front of the odeon theatre in paris.
. love that photo. and this one: young me (left) in burroughs' class at in 1978.
not you tooo !! name 3 starters right now !!
witten, bryant, prescott ..
asked before, no answer - looking for innovators in the area of stoma care. any great new devices/patient solutions out there?
hi keith, check out we should talk
when i'm running late for class &amp; tryna write while i drive
ps it worked. campus police finished checking permits on my row and was already writing tickets for the next row
you're threatening my friend with homophobic violence.
my morning so far: 1) roll over/yawn 2) check phone 3) block homophobic 12yo
happy birthday i hope you have a great one
thank you alexis i appreciate it
thanks glittle still waiting on you to plan that fam dinner sooooo..
we can never have a fam dinner, we're all too busy out being successful and traveling and stuff
if whites were a minority &amp; blacks the ruling class, our situation may be reversed.
actually not even dependent on majority, ex apartheid s africa.
saying all police are crooked is just like saying all black people are thugs or all muslims r terrorist right?
well yeah, i never said all cops were.
do the right thing, always!
the right thing is usually the right way. it's no accident doing it right!
so now i can cc every googlers on my tweets and it won't count against me? etc
all you say i may use against you &amp; chance increases w the # of googlers in cc. my miranda rights
she was a huge jatalie fan she took jatalie many break ups to heart .now shes melancholy..dark n.sad
she will get over it that house makes you think in crazy ways
(you'll definitely be among the first to know when it's up and running)
would love to be looped in on that :)
he's basically at the end of his term too
was it not clear 2 years ago that since his whole administration was implicated that he too should've been searched &amp; charged?
are you seriously that wacked in the head that a bomb is ok??? *headpalmdesk*
that's like telling a rape victim that it's okay because she didn't get pregnant.
pence says he would be a vp in the model of dick fucking cheney!!! god help us all!
pence wishes he cud be darth cheezy,
yeah this is the reason you lost.
the entire presser he talks about accountability/coaching better &amp; this is your take? never change.
. is releasing a new album, for the last time. is out 10.14.16 on
can't believe this is it. super excited to hear it though!
we all have that one friend
i think it's safe to say that this is stefan
hard truth monday: i can't afford the fun clothes.
dressing myself is boring. someone agree to be my unpaid intern and find something for me to wear to a wedding.
introducing clean stoves has proven to be very difficult culturally.
is about keeping food hot once it's boiled - great stories of removing time poverty
make sure u do a police background on her
lol nah rachel would be special guest of the president.
republican party considering "penalties" for republicans who refuse to endorse trump
i am glad to leave the party this year. you are no better than the nazis and stalinist parties of the 1930s.
in a short tournament, where the value of each goal and game is amplified, this is an issue
dont have gif of it, but he barely sealed off a matthews shot that got under the pad and caught in the pants.
how is it that ahmad khan rahami represents all muslims but someone like dylan roof doesn't represent all gun owners?
he does not represent muslims. he represents sickness and hate!
next good dj we'll go
i want in on this
all those retirees.
my mother kept quiet while living there. spoke at the ballot box.
nfl players are making no money. got it.
if they are broke. damn what am i ???????
so jealous i haven't seen a fight in weeks.
yeah lucky my i almost got cut by a fucking idiot teen
you should look her up. shes actually really awesome besides the jatalie hate ofcourse no one is perfect except nat
i know who it is lol i alwaystry to calm her down
hello everyone, have a great monday! looking forward to reading your tweets :) (want this? it's free!
thank you for your follow
that sounds simple but theyll cry and stop speaking to me
for a minute. until they take your advice and come back saying "yeah you right but you didn't have to say it like that!"
i can't believe i just had this conversation
he got a point "as a rapper." j cole cant produce none nice
hi can you help me rid my debt please?
hi! you can email me at kara.com and we can take it from there.
utah got diaw joe johnson and george hill and didnt lose anyone except trey burke they definitlygonna make noise
diaw johnson bro please stop it. whatever you smoking pass it because i want some. utah jazz
wait they did what
like, you can't move your thumb down a bit to change the scrub resolution now?
tonight -- push-back against the nfl - the no flag respect (league)
this honorable soldier can use two knees, it will serve more then the bastards, they get a fat pay...
actually causes a little procrastination on my part when i need to talk to a "banker"
. "now that we've untangled this gigantic mess... can i offer you a personal line of credit?"
model of mildly infuriating, not because of its depiction of sf, but because it has no clear pt:
i think he's getting at (1) the in-your-face nature of poverty in sf is particularly striking and
sometimes, the world is a beautiful place
it's been a week of disappointment for all teams in the northeast
so we isolating pc players? they can't play on lan. how would that happen
why can't pc players play on lan?
carbonated water resistance.
the han solo test?
yes. absolutely the best.
i wish i could try it.
i hear what you're saying but all blacks are not israelites; all our skinfolk ain't our kinfolk...
of course my brother all people of color are not shemetic....hamitic people also have melanin but they are not yisraelites!
i think we need to stage an hp intervention, amy.
omg thank you!! i'm not the only one!
i hear you.i detest son but if it'll convict julian i'll tolerate him. can one mobster please go to prison 4ever?
= yeahhhhhhh that's not gonna happen
takes longer though.
but u dont wanna take hasty decisions on career as well. on a totaly different note, thats how i solvd cet exam :)
not exactly bro, but what are thinking mets when hiring him
i wish i had a answer for that
we talk to patrick hamilton about his writing career, his love of friday the 13th and the ! listen:
i plugged both the shows on this week's off the cuffs, but totally forgot to mention this crossover episode.
you can schedule a new appointment here: or via the confirmation email you received.
why isn't it an option in the app any more? a genius bar option did appear on your site this time but...
placards being painted here already.
sounds like we have a movement on our hands here! hurrah!
looking forward to speaking w/ and sam tabet about lgbtq in the media tomorrow
honored that case will be unpacked to discuss representation/agency in media
/3...and for that, i think she's tougher than any other leader - man or woman.
/4 plus trump'll set us back generations. he thinks climate change is a hoax! and of course, the intolerance, hate &amp; fear mongering.
across asia, voice biometrics authentication is transforming the banking experience for our clients.
bought ship model s.s. "united states" on ebay with free postal ship paid ebay via paypal got extra us$89 billed to citi crcd rt!
she named the 3 easiest starters lmfaooooo
i hate that you niggas do that. always asking a girl to name some players as if that determines her knowledge of the game
it's true that i'm a bad bitch bitch i eat my rice &amp; cabbage ass so fat he wanna grab it and if he gotta few hunnids he could have it
that verse is iconic.
anyone have a transcript of clinton's speech to millennials today?
yes but still getting it translated from emoji
the knicks have no depth and their best players are injury prone if they stay healthy they definitly make it past the 1st
our best players are melo and porzingod and they healthy.
people calling into ny1 who were on the block when the explosion happened? full nyc calm. "i heard the explosion, then went to the deli."
yes! that's
yes and wouldn't it be nice to specify the response you want in the actual request?
i'm not talking as much about the spec itself (since both allow for accept header switching)
you may be, but personally i don't want trump to get in and your presence is helping make that happen.
no, it's not. you narcissistically presume we progressive would vote for warmonger hillary if stein wasn't here. we wouldn't.
need to know
i love mine. wearing them right now. and yesterday. and the day before that. and the day before that. and the day before that
did the rush card holders ever get their money back?
nah, russell simons still got it.
she named the 3 easiest starters lmfaooooo
then when i successfully do it, it ain't good enough lol man
there are 4 kids singing the pokmon theme song right now this is s nightmare
all of them in my room singing in unison then they left, im so scared
i love listening to the sound of the rain hitting my air conditioner and the sounds of new york city outside my window.
i love youdon't ever forget that
who's your favorite droid?
az-3 from th clone wars!
i know she hadn't taken the whole command officer test yet at the time but you can't tell me geordi, lieutenant junior grade, had taken it
troi is the only person on the ship right now with a rank higher than lt. why would co, xo, 2nd officer, 3rd officer, &amp; cmo all beam down!!
i guess some things never change, huh?
lol handwave!
happy birthday girl! haven't seen you in forever but i hope you're doing well
thank you! and i know it's been foreverrr like wise
this guy dresses up as his mom to buy alcohol
omg u can do this u &amp; ur mom are twins
this kid keeps asking me for answers and it's pissing me off so i'm jus ab to tell him the wrong ones
he's so sick
serialization standards are as much a part of the spec as anything else. definitely important.
no, i mean the serialization of the spec itself (think swagger.json vs raml.yaml)
uh, has anyone downloaded the ios 10? like whats going on with that? pros? cons?
yeah it's cool lol. haven't had any cons.
i think he's getting at (1) the in-your-face nature of poverty in sf is particularly striking and
(2) that's compounded by the affluence and expense of the region. both true, but comparisons to bangkok bury w/e he's trying to elucidate
that verse is iconic.
had everybody wanting rice and cabbage
got a better computer for my new job and i'm not writing typescript (now is + ruby), so gonna give atom another go
i'd use vscode except for the vim bindings being so far behind :(
who's pissed on your chips
closet cases
republican party considering "penalties" for republicans who refuse to endorse trump
the new gop should be considered an unamerican activity and should be banned from national elections.
i'm going to delete my airbnb account today. shame on you for supporting this. they're not refugees, they're invaders.
they don't want your business. i wouldn't
not the answer i was expecting but makes sense - looks an awesome place tho
what were you expecting?
ok i think we are done here with thank you all for the love and support of on take care
great character and you played it well .! hopefully like john snow they bring you back to life haha
twitter rips andrea mitchell for declaring trump 'tough' on terror but clinton 'off message'
wow, look at spawn and spawn's mini me. and are horrible.
can you save me two of those shirts?? l - thanks!!
i've got emea ones also.
uh, has anyone downloaded the ios 10? like whats going on with that? pros? cons?
you can delete the apple apps you don't use now. like stocks and imovie
wow. nytimes has the most ironic mistweet in the history of twitter.
wow, indeed.
who's your favorite droid?
az-3 from the clone wars!
you may be, but personally i don't want trump to get in and your presence is helping make that happen.
if your hillary wasn't such a corrupt incompetent warmonger, you wouldn't be here trolling stein and her followers.
hey . depends on purpose. do you want to track a tag to measure response ... or become part of an ongoing conversation to attract?
as new to the game i think i'd rather people find our stuff in the conversation is more valuable than counting our members. ??
heart wrenchingly sad, disgusting, tragic and all too common.
probably a good time to mention in most of us crime and police shootings are down. thanks 4 careing
i still haven't found a rest spec system i like either though :/
so far, i'm mostly settled on generated swagger. leaves a bit to be desired, but mostly pretty good.
socks or no socks? the poll didn't show up in the quote tweet
ah fack. i've done both and honestly it's a toss up. very comfortable either way
nothing like hearing flight attendant tell people not to charge their samsung galaxy phones on board flight about to take off.
totally baffled when it happened in spanish the other day coming back from madrid!
lmao i'm not even talking about that like you mad hurt over it relax
lmfaoooo wow you od acting like my ex hoe friends
i am forced because i have two choices and i must vote. i vote for sanity. and to shut down racists
so you are admitting you lack the ability to think on your own. game, set, match, ciao nitwit!
slee on slee-er
you guys honestly don't know how many pictures i have of him sleeping in random spots
i could be doing with some of that mental schnapps you told me about
lol you might end up sleeping out two nights instead of one on that stuff!
what why? besides the fact henny could lead to pregnancy
i'm on antibiotics for 5 days b/c of my ankle
a truly delicious breakfast green peach orange breeze
what would you swap out for someone like me who does not like peaches?
i'm speaking for myself/mother. my family were russian immigrants, we live in our family home &amp; are low-income.
i have no interest in taxing people out of homes. but if someone chose to sell, would look at capital gains
they look so sick
right? they're pretty epic!
it's time! gears up for big sky opener at defending champ suu - game notes
please watch my film!
they would have to use controllers? isn't it console only? or are we gonna allow ppl to bring keyboards and mouses?
there can be other leagues that support pc, not everything esports has to be handled internally
love this shot that got of the pan at -
god you're such a cute durr &gt;.&gt;
if you're playing , tune in to for today's rotoradio podcast:
some people just breed and others breed and also breed success. great show!
is reincarnated brings back with him kkk love it
thanks for the i echo your profile sentiment in my own words freedom of religion is also freedom from religion
i dont think ill make it through this whole week
i barely made it through today
i'm speaking for myself/mother. my family were russian immigrants, we live in our family home &amp; are low-income.
current system incents people to land-bank w/ no penalty. when did that land deal the other week,
...exactly! i'm sick of us being so forgiving. we've done nothing other than be black.
we're forgiving ppl who aren't asking for not deserving of our forgiveness. it's sickening.
try my favorites: any number five price tags money game lucky $even pathfinder &amp; triple play
golf game. easiest game on show:) two shots at a flat putt!
russian hacks in the united states are meant to intimidate, says fiona hill:
hack him back. he doesn't deserve respect.
so everyone is lying and it's all a cover up?
not the neighbor
omg sex and relationships ?? that class is trippy lol
no it's for another sxs class but i've always wanted to take that one! :(
will any of these be televised? or could we watch on a fox sports go app?
you can watch the game with an nhl tv subscription
i'm speaking for myself/mother. my family were russian immigrants, we live in our family home &amp; are low-income.
the alternate buyer was a foreign investor who literally wanted to park their cash in that plot &amp; do nothing
hello iris!
hey, babs! how's it going, honey?
you wouldn't vote for trump either, so your argument is moot. either way it helps trump.
no, it's not moot, since proved she;s not taking votes away from hillary like you erroneously said.
cruz and kasich are too smart to be this dumb they've showed all of us they're all about $$$ and power
now this is true lorischovanec very true so let none of us be fooled waking up standing on truth
at least it's open to third parties....so they should be able to add quickly.
i sure hope so ... group dms haven't even come to tweetbot yet
i'm speaking for myself/mother. my family were russian immigrants, we live in our family home &amp; are low-income.
and the current structure of prop. 13 encourages that.
and sadly this is what it looks like in my beloved
yeah. twitter is slowly ramping up the features third party won't have access to. :-/
for no reason at all i read ripert's response in herzog's voice
that is correct!
islamistkids now allowed to have isis beards inromancathuk school&amp;islamnow practiced in itafter
was electedbyisissharias isalikeobama
btw: wondering if roy &amp; kate have planned ritual of taking phoebe shopping to buy those uni essentials
i was simply making a passing comment, i should have known hayley and jenny were on the case!
all tiers already have rewards, but i will be having different stretch goals next time around.
basically i'll just have more exciting things lol. which, i could technically add now i just don't think it makes sense to atm
me too don't really feel like driving to lax
you guys must really miss me
never cop anything from gap/banana full price. ever
rookie mistakes but the jacket was too fire. impulse buy.
you wouldn't vote for trump either, so your argument is moot. either way it helps trump.
and if voting stein helps trump, it also helps hillary too since it's also a vote against trump.
. real diversity on twitter requires patience and tolerance, and grace. joe needs god.
. you're in no position to be lecturing or anyone else about "tolerance," peter. you're a...
i slept most of the weekend and now feel much better! take that, illness!!
yay for that, glad you licked it fast, in spite of its weird hallucinogenic dream thing, ha ha!
isnt she a lil rotten apple that u cant resist biting .shiny ouside black inside
shes not that bad i think she means well but cant be alittle rotten sometimes
thank you all so much for the birthday wishes today! photo by
big happy birthday wishes to you sexy lita! \m/
we are friends me and dom are best buds
he just makes fun of me a lot
hi kelsey, our team has received your information and should be reaching out soon!
i just got the email, thank you!
fun fact i eat lunch alone in the back seat of my car &amp; it's honestly what i look forward to most during the day
lmao some girl in the parking garage deadass stopped behind my car and stared at me im sorry im lonely lmao
must survive monday all
hey bro what's up how was you weekend hey all
not all cops shoot unarmed people. i dont see any gang bangers or crack heads rounding up the guy
i know they don't. i never said all of them did. but i'm not content with the ones that do, regardless of the number.
my phone's screen protector got broken a little so it looks like my phone's cracked.. luckily it isn't too expensive to get a new one.
omg the bottom by my home button has a chip and it's kinda driving me nuts!
shit she snapped
her knee caps trying to do all that extra shit
may contain pirates, eventually, but only for a bit, and quite near the end....
this is easily one of the greatest things ever. xd
you'll be good, shouldn't have any worries
shit still happens. you never know
not trolling, i detest hrc, but she's the only one who can stop trump. black &amp; white, it's as simple as that.
no, it's not. hillary is a corrupt incompetent warmonger. nothing "black or white": about that choice.
healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changes - autism. many such cases!
this is the person people want to vote for... a person who believes vaccines is connected to autism, i can't.
'the decision is that we have to act this time' to .
we have never started the war,the only time,1971.we can't have no balls administration.indira wasbetter
drought 3 weezy greatest of all time
literally one of the greatest mixtapes ever &amp; the best moment in his career.
for a minute. until they take your advice and come back saying "yeah you right but you didn't have to say it like that!"
lmao. also soon as they start telling ppl why they're not talking to u, ppl gonna say "yeah u do stink tho"
there are only really 2 horses in this race. stein or johnson just complicate matters.
to you. not to their supporters.
i'll take well spoken well informed trump. hillary is so unstable. can't stand. throws tantrums. warhawk. sociopath
coming from a guy who has 30 beers deep as a user name, i think i'll pass
omg yum. dip it in your coffee!!!
what?! why have i never thought of this?! rt "omg yum. dip it in your coffee!!!"
i don't have money to do anything anyway lol.
well you're not allowed to leave yet
hi, when i heard in news about the explosion i thought in you, hope it didn't affected you and hope you are ok now
hey ,i'm fine, thank you
and, just like in gta v when you get a blimp, it could very easily be pierced and taken down
but that will be a pr scandal, unlike gta 5star police rating :)
what about vince young?
i thought about him but he was at texas with a lot of 5 star talent around him. similar to tebow
in another story, a crab clawed a guy's finger...
what is this world coming to? hold me!
terrified man who fled new york blast immediately returned to help victims
whoa, did he get their approvals to show their image? how much can we trust someone who comes back to film helping. c'mon.
fix it lasses happy
i'd kill myself walking in these shoes!
what is detroit style is it loaded with trash
no it's extremely good
money is the answer.
for the mets
currently working on geography hw and feeling overwhelmed and this gif bringing me to tears.
aww! sending much love and positivity!
in addition to journalists like and , is another national media figure speaking truth this cycle.
don't forget
yeah... i don't drive and i don't follow sports... i can't answer most security questions!
also, you need to remember your childhood or high school. did everyone in the world go to a high school?
it's waterproof for up to 30 min..
i'm more concerned with dropping it ya know
happy birthday brodie
thanks my guy
tbh, i didn't really look at the lower ones. it made more sense for me to back at a level where i would be getting one.
yeah i think most people look for that. i had 1 tier for those who couldn't afford it and they got a digital wallpaper of him
how could i have missed twi blowing up her library with a huge rocket?
this is what is all about. rockets 'n shit. i think sir francis bacon said that...
i agree completely. we, as americans turn a blind eye to the atrocities committed in our name overseas.
when you have 38% of the country that doesn't understand the racism, misogynism, etc... you have to think education
you're right. the 2006 team didn't give up the most points in school history. lol
lol are you really worried we'll lose to usf?
me, crying, sweating profusely, nose running, mouth begging for sweet sweet release: "im so glad i got this extra spicy"
pornographic lunch?
not trolling, i detest hrc, but she's the only one who can stop trump. black &amp; white, it's as simple as that.
and if youi truly detested hillary, you never said choosing her would be a "black and white" choice, so you're a liar too.
the package is a lie
i want to know what this means strictly because of the hashtag
fios is for your internet, voice, and video service.^adp
actually you stopped being my source when you abruptly had a service outage and now a day later have taken down your etr.
lmaooo if made a list for me it would be endless
the funniest thing is this list is compiled of 5 mins of conversation
petrino won't be leaving. 1st he just signed a extension and has a 7-year deal. 2nd he has a 10 mil buyout for few years.
that's chump change to a desperate to sec fan base
i'm willing to sacrifice my time to go with you to make sure you pick out the right ones
lmao i totally bought them already
true true. so they'll be a separate entity then?
just like nearly every other game with a successful competitive following (minus league) it can be run by the community
when it comes to cell phone bills and plans and at&amp;t next and all that i am clueless and people take advantage.
i could walk into an at&amp;t store and someone could tell me "oh, you haven't upgraded in 2 years. that'll be $12,000"
all the applause for this
this. this is everything. this is being added into our zen af religion. enthusiasm + dgaf
why is sonny allowed to speak?
upstanding citizen, don't ya know
i think that i've achieved peak loathing for sup. aaron peskin and then i find out some new gem, like he opposes bus rapid transit lines.
what?! how is that even real?!?!?!
please call us 860-584-6125 so we can determine responsibility, thanks
thank you. just put in a request via phone.
shouldn't even be with a guy who pays for service when your girl gives it for free! dumped for being a dummy
that's what i say! but these guys all trying to tell me is a guy code and that's what they believe in
so old it uses the proper building name. wazzup chicago. ;)
omg is that lego???
is it possible he's being extorted? sure. does his deposition and anything he's saying help him? nope. he's handled it poorly..
is it possible ? it's about 90%. he's doing what he has to do
prosecutors say chris christie is a criminal. why is he still running trump's transition? via
because is a criminal too. works both ways
cheers
damn bro living right enjoy
my fiance.
congratulations my brother!
its super nice! its not thick which is a nice change and its good for basic everyday use, but i also dont put anything-
on my lids other than eyeliner so idk how eyeshadow would hold up. still im thinking of switching to it instead of sephora
surprised you know who cody johnson is !!
why would you ever be surprised with me and music?
there are few places in the world where the religion of peace is practiced that people actually live in peace.
you can have peace. or you can have freedom. don't ever count on having both at once.
vin scully: fans are much better at at&amp;t than at candlestick: "the fans are good-natured. they're happy. they're fair."
yup. we know that, but thanks for the shoutout!
trump supporters are never likely to vote stein, so every vote for stein does not cancel out the trump vote. simple logic.
no, none of stein supporters would have voted for hillary. so, it doesnt' help trump. simple logic.
i slept most of the weekend and now feel much better! take that, illness!!
side note, if that fever dream ends up endowing you with a keyblade which disney world would you visit first?
please be safe up there.
will do man, they caught the guy or guys(just saw a post of 3 guys now)
ripndip fall collection drops thursday 11am pst
omg. yessss!!!
anywhere but here
your icon....
a dongle that requires another dongle. poor planning. i'll happily use a revised version that requires just the one.
this thread is reminding me of the problems i'll have with my car cassette tape adapter...
i'm just going to leave this here in case you are playing the primetime slate. do with it what you will.
would you go cutler or wentz tonight on dk?
nice clock ahmed
see something, ignore something.
i appreciate the thought, ask.fm, but i'd rather hit myself in the balls with a hammer than practice family law
my dad's a retired family law attorney. it was fairly depressing hearing about war stories but it put bread on the table.
is that a problem?
then talk to him but don't @ me lol
was at least one trial where jury sat where we could see them b/c coleman, edward, a few other cast were jurors. don't know which 1
was on that jury!! :)
happy birthday , i hope you have an amazing day!
thanks beauty
you are what your record says you are
thank you, bill parcells
so it has to drop before 12:00am on monday or tuesday?
tuesday 12am
yes she is definitely the lesser of 2 very big evils, but your logic is ridiculous.
no, your logic is and you haven't shown one thing wrong with my logic.
hell or high water-movie bank robbers go from jesse james to trumpian "white trash"
you won't disappointed.
i just heard some freshman yell tits out for harambe
that was me
fios is for your internet, voice, and video service.^adp
can you give me an idea of when my tv, phone and internet will return? truthful and accurate to the best of your ability?
i took out my gun. my huge, big gun... it was a good gun. a big gun. the biggest.
the bigliest
i thought the same thing. gunfire at police &amp; still living?
know damm well what they doing
damn son where'd you find this?
find what
happy birthday to the biggest bum i know
only a day frikken late you bum! but thanks
that is not calcium but it is a 2,4 atom. two hints: 1) which atom has the atomic symbol c? 2) which atom has 4 attachment points?
oh i know this one!
president andrew jackson was not "hemmed in by the constitution" *or* the supreme court.
neither the constitution nor congress hemmed in reagan
yes she is definitely the lesser of 2 very big evils, but your logic is ridiculous.
and she is not the lesser since she is just a corrupt warmonger.
do i get this "taco bell" knuckle tat or no
if you don't you're soft af
i appreciate all the votes and feedback btw. i've never done a huge project like this before! it's been fun though and no matter what
i'm going to figure out how to get him made because he's too awesome not to be made lol
just wanna be around positive ppl and good vibes
but you always askin for gas money bro
thought nowhere had more angry people than london but i was so wrong! there's a whole new level of everyday rage here! it's wonderous.
current highlight of trip: having "hey! lady! are you dead?!" shouted in my face. no kind sir, i am not dead, many thanks for asking.
he was a witness to the attempted murder!
i'm crabby panting on sonny today lol :) sorry
dystopian design fiction?
the economist did something similar:
excited for you all to hear my album 'something worth saving' - available now! enjoy the adventure on itunes here
been waiting for this one...can't wait to listen!
your first ever snickers was an almond one? you're doing it all wrong!
i am allergic to peanuts. so think i am doing it correctly thanks
thanks auvi love you
welcome love you too
: there are always exceptions that prove the rule ;)
we have a whole bunch for ya ;-)
and bitch you mean &gt;&gt;&gt;*
i meant what i said
of course it's b&amp;w, neither stein nor johnson stand a chance so it's between hrc and the cheeto.
and hillary is a corrupt warmonger so she's the worse choice.
yeah, i'll wait for the bagels and then go
if you leave me i'll take the bagels back...
money make me feel good but damn she make me feel good
where is she!!!
here ur answer&gt; bill warner,phd:moderate muslims cannot save us via
true,&amp; they fear 4 their own lives when they do speak.what will save of us is blocking entry of rads.
who on tl got that ct green card?? need ya services lol
you don't need a card to buy cbd oil. go in and shop away!
80k ******** flopped hard ********
500k certified gold &amp; you're pressed about it*******
i bought a box of 250 straws, but i don't feel any more patient
you bought the wrong type
of course it's b&amp;w, neither stein nor johnson stand a chance so it's between hrc and the cheeto.
and stein and johnson voters aren't just voting to win. but you're too slow to grasp that.
apparently some people assume bernie has a chance-if this isnt the example of delusional,i don't know what is.crazy?
it's just pure delusion on the highest level.
forgot the ornithologist, by far the best, no reservations. it's great. the ornithologist &amp; things to come are both *vital* animal movies.
hoping to see this at nyff
...honestly i'm impressed that mac os x public beta installs on a 1gb drive, and still has 212mb free space afterwards
i can't believe it even lets you do that.
sketch of a girl in traditional filipino costume
that's a terno style dress!
this picture reminds me of someone
me too. although perhaps the comparison i'm thinking of does a disservice 2 donkeys.
i still use foursquare and swarm constantly. love having a log.
if 4sq had leaned into lifelogging 4 years ago it would be a much better company
as of right now i am officially a youtube partner with :]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]
finally! welcome to the family! :d
i badly need someone to make an entire video game based on the exact aesthetic of battlefield 1's open beta glitches
i would devote all my free time to this but all i know is music and video t_t
what games look like at the hardwick house now that dad is a broadcaster.
nicks kid can replace palet
danzel mckinley-lewis and michael roberts will be taking over twitter tomorrow. tweet your questions...
please watch thanks you!
actually i do know. you have exactly 69 pics of him sleeping strangely
wow fair assessment
you really aren't understanding this are you? votes are needed to cancel out trump's voters.
that's not our responsiblilty. you really aren't understanding that are you?
it will be dealt with
now then that's not funny :(
such a great song, though!
i'm into the deep cuts today. :) i don't think that i've listened to these albums since high school
nothing feels better than a packed house with a great vibe. only 3 more weeks for mission d&amp;a so...
the pop-ups are done after?!
interactive music/visual stream happening now with music from !
ah damn, no more though - it's forza time. =p
a weird brand that everyone just tolerates because they're too lazy to hit "unfollow" lol
if people don't like your content, they will unfollow. give yourself some credit.
just got my replacement cologne today. this one is a full vial! thanks!
very welcome! enjoy :)
it's kinda ironic how social media tricks you into thinking you're more interconnected with people than ever before
when in reality people are terrified to actually get close with anyone
who pays for this?
who cares? i wouldn't mind paying for this
kicks off with , speaks to this year's opportunity to
both &amp; held first elected office before age 30!
it shows your you cannot think beyond cheap politics when 19 of our soldiers have lost their lives. shame on u!
we need to disconnect all relationship with pakistan,including the diplomatic.arrest all pakistanis sittinginindia.
i used to do it every day. it's the best worst thing to do
it's the most stress free hour and a half of my day
be a thumbs up person. oh, and incidentally,
. in a nutshell.
kellyanne conway teaching trump to pretend he is human. he will discard her the moment she isn't useful, just as he will his supporters.
pretending to be human takes discipline &amp; impulse control, which doesn't have. knows this.
monday's might suck but if i follow you would it make it better?
yes please!!!!!!!!!!
i dont know what to write in my college essay like im not special im not unique i just want to get into college plz take me
ur special bby(;
award-winning xxx star says virtual reality porn is 'too much'
i do like the new enhanced nose, it looks good on you sasha
love you baby sister
love you more
only my shirt
it's mine though
engg for me was just a realisation of how broken the education system is &amp; how much of it just cramming. :p
engg prepars u for real world not education wise but with soft skills which we learn cos of being in the system
sorry for lack of replies. talked to my mom and come to find she fell down just outside the house, scrapping both knees. :/
oh goodness. i hope she'll be ok.
that's the look i go for, men with healthy wallets
lmfaooo i find one &amp; im walking straight out my dorm room , im not even packing
it's surprising to me. i understand he can do everything but he has to show me more on the offensive side of the ball.
i agree. i feel they're betting on his future/potential
it's trans fat free, so it's kind of like a multivitamin.
take two, they're good for ya!
she's k mart i'm walmart bitch
ur actually thrift town tho
i'll bet this pos doesn't stand for the national anthem either
me thinks you are correct mr. levin!
of course i have, you're just unable to comprehend it for whatever reason.
no, you haven't. if you have, you could retweet where you did, but you can't. nice try.
you have to be strong to date a leo, we can't stand weak asses or push overs
wyd tomorrow, let's go out
if i cant love you as a lover i will love you as a friend i will lay a bed before you keep you safe until the end
how fucking dare
happy birthday gorgeous mama ly! bet you're killing it in nyc!
thank you girly ily2 come visit &amp; party
fuck pacsun this is annoying i'm mad
what's wrong with exposing young kids to punk rock i'm sure pacsun isn't making money off this or anything
finally, there's a rap song that samples the theme
lol been sampled that and flipped it
yes builds on it + belong understand course a bit more! connects to too in many ways
thanks. this bit seemed important but i couldn't parse it. :-) "belong understand course a bit more!"
2 days without my phone &amp; i'm fine. rt ": i haven't had a phone since i been back. i must say i love this feeling."
i love it cause i see u when i see u and if idont i don't yuh know
"opressiony" is an adjective i didn't know i needed until just this minute. thanks !
well you know, i could've won my 4th grade spelling bee
something that always makes me happy is spanish music !!!!
especially on a saturday morning while eating some carnitas, tamales, rice &amp; beans and homemade tortillas
oh great, just discovered i need to drink everything via straw now
sorry to hear about all this. feel better man.
led zep guitarist jimmy page gets his own back his own builders in when ex-take that star finally moves in
a neighbour from hell, poor mr jimmy
my roommate is a fucking weirdo.
so last night he stayed drinking at another dorm. he came home around 4 a.m and started climbing around the beds and talking to
tough to tell once it got dark but fans did decent with for maryland. sidelines, endzones
awesome participation and crowd. white looked like empty seats on tv though had people texting me asking why it was empty.
where's obama? he is never held responsible for his administration's endless disasters.
obamas gone golfing and congress is his caddy!
at least if ap has to call it a career he has more time to spend with his kids
that'll be a switch for him
he is back...
nintendo 64 is back and i'm here stuck at real life. *cries*
no, a corrupt businessman who's never done anything for anyone else and can't be trusted to be a president is worse.
no, a corrupt warmonger is much worse. and since i"ve won the debate and you're clearly just trolling, youire blocked.
if by safe u mean being attacked on our homeland ...
how would he have stopped the attacks?? soft targets are hard to protect. we don't need trump. big talker surrounded by ss.
what is this graph of? is there a source article?
think it's from this poll
more beer goggles: beer boosted the decoding of positive emotions and the liking of erotica.
boiled down. on beer ppl say: "i feel for ya buddy" and get worked up looking at sexual images, but not erect. ya?
this is hilarious
i'm balling out
as is the "sure, all you need is spanner or bigtable and x and y and z"
yea, they also omitted basically all details of their fairly sophisticated triggering system
it was tragic.
"i'm the luckiest boy in the world."
thought you might appreciate this.
i do love that!
i hate dr. goodweather on the strain
goodweather got off with no more than a face full of fist for his crime against humanity. he should have been beheaded
the gopro karma is such a clever product. it's both drone and gimbal, worth its value right there. total "f you" it to dji
this has thrown a spanner in the works for me...
fair! either way, i'll be keeping an eye out. i _really_ want one. xd
you and several others! i can't tell you how many people have emailed me asking to please make them whether it's funded or not
was electedbyisissharias isalikeobama
is visiting&gt;u'reanisis shariasewerrat&gt;keepout!
we can be a mess and talk forever together! ah i need a car and a job i need all the things
yes! ugh! seriously! hurry and do things!
today i will be speaking at in new york. really excited ! such an impressive line up of speakers
howdy fellow ! looking forward to seeing your talk. free to chat after? i'm in the front row of the balcony
check w irs. you can't use churches to campaign. you can visit, can't campaign.
no where is the agreement between the pastor and trump you claim
those low income individuals should consider moving , california has always been expensive to live with ridiculous taxes
consider that ca is a predominately latino community, besides california what other state utilizes spanish as a 2nd language?
wicked actor, shame he's gone...at the moment i've got denzel washington at number one &amp; bryan cranston at number two...you???
oh, hoffman is definitely number one. i love denzel, but i think hoffman had more range. cranston is fantastic, he just..
ordering now
did you know tebow has never made one mlb jersey sale his whole athletic career until now, so strange
i like literally don't buy ppl drinks cause often times i get mine boughten for me, but last night i was in a good mood (drunk) and offered
to buy my friends friend a drink and he was like "this doesn't mean i'm going home with you" the fuck u think i am
i can't hear you over the sound of all the people i'm being nice to.
hey, i'm proud to be a hufflepuff! doesn't mean the colors son't suck, though...
so last night he stayed drinking at another dorm. he came home around 4 a.m and started climbing around the beds and talking to
himself. he tried to pull my sheets off until i told him to go away and then he started to fuck with my other roommate
you look good and you got this
yeah man you can just intimidate them with your ties to a gang
you and several others! i can't tell you how many people have emailed me asking to please make them whether it's funded or not
in fact some are made its not farther along haha. but i think i'll be making a mailing list to update people through the
unisex names are so damn confusing they need to be outlawed.
wait does that mean names that only apply to one sex?
wicked actor, shame he's gone...at the moment i've got denzel washington at number one &amp; bryan cranston at number two...you???
..hasn'[ quite gotten the work hoffman got.
he'll probably insist on interviewing a secretary for him
as in "take this down, miss greengross..." (small reggie perrin overlap there)
obama won 18-29 by 23. 30-44 by only 7. so i'm guessing ~17% for 18-34?
so i guess the point is that against trump she's basically doing identically among 18 to 29-year-olds. which is crazy.
i hope you invited
i dont even know what an emmy is. loser award?
she invented the pro-am internet genre years ago and is still the standard.
great body with a pretty face
you live in nyc?
yeah , not in the city but i live in brooklyn
ladybug larvae feasting on aphid-infested eggplant at . nature seeks balance.
i had no idea what lady bug larvae look like.
suspect in custody. you are welcome colin kaepernick.
you had nothing to do w/it. you attention-whoring drain on your state's taxes.
truer words were never spoken when it comes to commie heretics and bacon
i am not a commie... just because i don't like the same thugs as you doesn't make it wrong :-o
your face when the lose limit is over time to work very hard to esl ny.
see you there !
porsche shoes in almaty subway.
must be packed with at least 370 horsepower according to manufacturer specs.
think it's from this poll
wait, maybe not, looks like the dates say it's an earlier yougov poll. might have a link
i think also ,
indeed cheers my brother
traditional american values are under attack
america is in a fight for her life and only trump supporters seem to realize it!
when you need a non surgical boob lift to perfectly fit into you emmy dress: step 1. tape your...
wrapped around, or pierced? either way...ouch.
already cried on the train this morning and i look like a wet dog thanks to the rain, my 21st birthday is going great so far
but now you can drown your sorrow in wine!! happy birthday!
that's my plan
bingo, gameplay is good otherwise so far though
in fact some are made its not farther along haha. but i think i'll be making a mailing list to update people through the
mad* the process or revisions and relaunch so they aren't left in the dark until it's relaunch cx
markus wheaton said he was close to playing sunday. tomlin decided to keep him inactive. missing significant time in preseason was factor.
bad sign for him w/ emergence of eli in rotation? can he at least do some pr/kr ft? dont recall how he fares w/ that
forreal like almonds ain't got titties? where this milk come from
think of it as a testicle. they squish tf out of it until liquids come out
new office or new company?
new office. but man, i bet it'd be amazing to work for skunk ape research hq!
imagine rigney recreates 's rapture &amp; columbia in bricks! see more:
do i win a "worlds greatest bioshock fan" award
babe we'll figure it out
aigh bet lets go shopping
those 2 work for me too! i wanna see him at the music hall of williamsburg tho bc it's smaller :'-(
i wish i could go to that one but i have a final that day
iphone 7 video will be the first video of mine to hit 1-million views in 48 hours, thanks guys!
that's really great man. congrats
the drafts just appeared!!!!!!! so happy :) and wanted to let you know in case that's helpful. xoxo
do you anticipate another 24 hour delay for drafts disappearing again due to the latest update?
atl-it's time. we invite you to join us for "the carnival of consciousness" oct. 14-16 -&gt;
i rsvp'd for the special invite last week , was i supposed to get a conformation email?
it's kinda cute really how pathetic some people can be
perhaps. probably best to avoid these feces throwing spazmatic monkeys, imho
i'm still not fully convinced by that argument tbh
i meant not depending on professors and doing things on our own, lot of free time to contemplate, etc.
donald trump will end the terror attacks, his spokesman says.
lol yes if he makes this country like north korea. good luck idiot.
freedom of speech fail! sally kohn apparently thinks it's a 'good thing' to silence conservatives -
to all offended by words that i do not mean to offend with may not like this. definitely go fuck yourself. there some offen
i need to get over this and fast
i've heard garlic is a great remedy
she is but now there is the bruise that remains.
rest and ice. and keeping an eye on it. those knee injuries tend to stick around sometimes.
crash doesn't like that.
well, when crash stars in a famous john carpenter film we'll write about him. until then this is what we're working with.
if all my cups are dirty u know damn well i'm drinking out a bowl before i do the dishes
just move and buy all new stuff
do you prefer using mouse and keyboard for ghost cam? i am kind of surprised by that - most people i know feel the opposite.
direct access to different pov via keyboard (i.e. numbers) is great along with the direct control of camera with mouse
over that same amount of time the rams have not scored a touchdown in la
the houston oilers haven't scored a touchdown in forever, what a terrible org
don't suppose you're at ?
i am. in the cx area tomorrow and wednesday. stop by if you get a chance
our grapes are in area where lot of rains happen so i am thinking on raisens,
yes, if drying outside it's best to avoid rain or take steps to minimize impact
fun fact: webkit has already proposed css media queries for rec. 2020.
the sad thing is it's never been about resolution for humans. research when i was in college said deeper color &gt; more pixels.
smh n tannehil scored 44 points smh
i kicked ass this week
we are ready!
i snuck in &amp; glad i did - also the grilled cheese was deadly
anyone interested in a homebrew conversion of tsr's setting and adventures?
girl, i swear. you post about mf'n burning wheel before texting me back one more time.
lol people texting me all of a sudden to be careful in nyc. where are you when men make me feel unsafe daily on the subway?
i'd rather take shrapnel to the face than take a lifetime of abuse on the subway.
well you pay for it i don't want you.
you aren't going to have much a choice coming janurary
either gonna show up and make a statement or fold. pretty concerned tbh
lol not worried. this exactly what they needed.
perhaps. probably best to avoid these feces throwing spazmatic monkeys, imho
engaging with them only encourages them to continue their verbal diarrhea.
he's pretty baller in speech class.
vii when are we getting pho and/or poutine?
teach me your ways
haha it's so easy after you detox lol
i really despise him. for being "progressive" he fails literally every measure of it.
what was i saying last week about people relying on their activism 50 years ago to bolster their credibility
hi maura! we are so sorry to hear about your experience this morning and we are emailing you now to see how we can help further!
-i'm getting used to it...trade offs for all transportation
best thug life ever.
that's the problem with liberals; no sense of humor!
wtf is wrong w me that i actually want to know what ben shapiro thinks of milo yiannapoulos?
who are either/both of those people?
i've done a lot of stories on millennials. including the fact - that some brown m's think it's privilege to sit thi...
i think the moral of the story is people only read headlines they disagree with, and ignore articles they do agree with.
is visiting&gt;u'reanisis shariasewerrat&gt;keepout!
call theexterminationteam for radical islamist sewer rats&gt;stayoutof
i just felt like she was trying way too hard to be sexy, maybe?!
she hate his guts and slipped on the dick, she pissed forreal lmaoooo.
do the hokey pokey and you turn yourself around
that's what it's all about
hello reign of zaius just listened to the track hate parade. i can hear some black sabbath influence on the track . great 1
thanks! most of our songs sound a lot like sabbath... except for the ones that sound exactly like sabbath.
direct access to different pov via keyboard (i.e. numbers) is great along with the direct control of camera with mouse
one thing that some pc spectator clients include is a mouse smoothing option in spec, allows for smooth &amp; fluid control
this was great! tnx for the shout out! james is definitely a good sport... and a good fan.
i dont think he shouted you out, i think he called you out. drop by james.
true! that's something i love about cs &amp; how accessible it is to every one with an internet connection.
funny how a guy like me who ran away from cs is discussing with you two. just putting a disclaimer :)
do you think she'll have trouble getting her next job? i would never believe anything she says about a candidate again?
she shulled for todd "legitimate rape" akin. u don't think she will get another job?
i'm sad bc i've had to follow the . damn americans...
can you explain to me why there's canadian, american and north american teams?
mate, there's a newark in the uk. famous for being an anagram of 'wanker'.
sounds about right
this still kills me
that is a good one
looking squinched af
pinch it out you filthy boymess
interesting fact from my abc7 news app. i figured something was up w/ the smoky sky this morning. now the question-...
the only reason im running today is to the ac
beyond, the top 10 worst white men in films
what about luke skywalker?
listen at 2:40p for keyword to score sold out 2/12 tix &amp; qualify to meet 'em in la
how is it sold out? it didnt even go onsale yet
what a perfect spot for our team retreat! we are a *little* distracted by the barking seals. thanks,...
. will we have recycled water ipa?
bernies are smart people willing and able to learn new and better solutions.
which is the polar opposite solution that drew these people to bernie. that seems like a giant stretch.
you spelled january wrong.
stupid auto correct
nah. looks too much like a usb-c port, which would be very confusing. plus, what's the use other than headphones?
what's the use of the headphone jack now, other than headphones?
cut cloud strife into pieces this is my sephiroth
get chocobo lures, for breeding. blue, green or gold it's gysahl greens they're eating.
i'm still in love with creating great music..and honestly feel like i'm getting better with each project..but i'll let y'all be the judge
dropping the 25th, drop on the 30th, drop october.. real rap is coming back to the city!!
been waiting for this one!
it's here!!!
do you anticipate another 24 hour delay for drafts disappearing again due to the latest update?
i should've known better, &amp; will not use drafts moving forward, but it's slowing down business over here :(
all i want for christmas is 2announce another with
would love another flower shopmystery !!!
melvin gordon, your time is now.
don't you mean the better rb on the team, oliver?
ubis will be "suhan" the daughter of tachsin, whom her stepmother tries to kill, but a stranger will save her, with dark past.
thanks dear!
they are clematis paniculata.
thank you keith for identifying! their carried so nicely in the breeze.
worried people think real triathlon- just 3 mile push 9 mile cycle, 3 mile over bridge and back plod and a few hundred metre swim
best kind of triathlon. beer and sleep between each stage.
andrea mitchell just compared hillary unfavorably to trump on terrorism bc he sounds "tough." apparently *sounding* tough is preferable.
someone tell mitchell sounding tough (trump) &amp; being tough (hrc) are two different. things.
ugh what are they saying now
just imagine how james feels having to listen to them
that must have been very interesting. did they go to orlando or panama city beach?
key west. cousin couldn't come because her dog was sick. they think that's a cover for other problems. i totally agree.
how is it the us' fault that an aid convoy got bombed? seriously, i'm interested to hear your reasoning.
really tired of the neocons tearing up other countries w/our military. mid-east 4 mid-easterners.war no more!
kellyanne seems to be example of someone just doing job for the money. she seems horribly conflicted&amp;stressed
is mercenary and clear headed. she's been doing this for 20 years.
big loss for us. seen a few suggest that it's 'a blessing in disguise' as he needs a rest. nonsense.
yeah, rehabbing from a major injury is not "rest"
do you have any practical methods to fundraise?
i have a few articles in my blog.
saudi arabia is building hundreds of mosques in the us yet has no christian churches or non-muslim citizens!
maybe christians stopped having sex, muslims are certainly multiplying.
first annual harvest festival at
the crew not wasting time getting acclimated to their new spot
most people with me saying jr is the
that's not trolling, that's facts
you mean the state of ny doesn't allow convicted felons to own guns?
i know, strange as that sounds...
says trump's rhetoric inflames isis, though she and actually created isis
apparently it inflames killary too
if you are following please make sure you hold march 6, 2017 for for more information.
so this is going to be q regular birthday celebration, eh? p3s: the "professional" is "personal" is "perfection!" :)
a lot of contemplating happened in college, just not the productive kind. we had a beach to sit and chill. :p
did that for two years. then ran out of non productive topics to contemplate. so, started productive contemplating
from now until midnight, then the rest of the year we can honor the holiday by still celebrating
in order to celebrate you have to eat french fries .... so when are we celebrating my friend
and if you're 62?
all the better. you have some wisdom and a good 40+ years to go.
can't even hear what you women saying bad recoding
sorry must be the poor network here
happy birthday bro
thank you i appreciate it
first listen: hamilton leithauser + rostam, 'i had a dream that you were mine'
leithauser's solo efforts just keep getting more gorgeous + timeless but with plenty of teeth. such a nice surprise.
. hires secret weapon restitution lawyer mari-claudia jimnez to help direct auction house's trusts/estates division
great hire!
mtv's true life: my boyfriend has never seen the simpsons
hate pointing out typos but you put "boyfriend" instead of "person i will never speak to again"
please don't do this my life has been cray. good cray but cray, i promise you'll be so proud of me when we do talk
i can't wait to hear all about it!!!
definitely. doesn't help that she bruises easily.
yipe. still, keep an eye on her. knee injuries are no fun.
.ronald reagan knew hillary was coming to destroy us along w/ obama! will be the answer for america
we must not allow hillary into washington again!
rose pak battled on behalf of the poor, of immigrants, of women. i will miss her dearly, as will our city.
my sincere condolence. she was to force to be reckoned with. a warrior for the. chinese
happy birthday glee, love and miss you so much
thank you leeee love and miss you too
bacon is always serious!
of course and if you like your bacon extra crispy you have no place in my life
will be interested to see what's in this emma is a big nick fan
i loved it!!! brought me back to being a kid watching nickelodeon on my grandmother's couch.
hmmm, what's your flight number? that doesn't look like our new interior. ~angel
well i know you don't own the planes operates new e-175s for you on regional flights under your branding as 3486
how is it that all academics, including myself, were seemingly never taught how to format an em dash?
bc they've been c/ping emily dickinson since high school.
i'm lazy every day.
same here, but today i'm exceptionally lazy. probably from working all week.
looking squinched af
did you ever get that bike with the banana seat and handlebar tassels?
ahhh thank u!!
i wrote a paper on story of an hour too so you can do it!!
so, this tweet would be a lot longer, by at least twenty characters or more, but it hasn't quite rolled out to me ye
it's coming :)
enough reason to make up your mind
he looks up to the man who said: "we will, in fact, be greeted as liberators."
thanks, sf pd! you keep doing what you do so well
what the actual fuck?
please get derrick rose off the basketball team i root for.
does anyone still like this trade?
christian mccaffrey gave a talk to the stanford team this morning. the primary theme: "you don't let the first guy bring you down."
i think he watched a lot of gaffney tape in offseason. i noticed him pumping his legs after contact much more than last year
go fuck yourself
lmao go get a rain coat you bitch
looking squinched af
also why aren't we married yet
thank you for alerting us to this issue. have u visit a apple store? kw
yes, but i didn't have time to wait 4 hours so i called &amp; after 7 hours with them it's still an issue.
there will always be mass produced shoes.
i grew up in the midwest. a lot of automotive workers thought that their jobs would last forever als...
kristen roberts visited cortland this weekend and someone peed on her off a balcony
this weekend i learned it is in fact better to be pissed off than pissed on
i have a feeling this tweet is gonna get some negative responses from raiders ans abt the stadium issue...
what a pos, is was 10 days ago she wanted nothing to do with this team
all is get more e as they grow up and &amp; versa. we also all adapt to dif roles in adulthood. but our childhood selves are our truest selves.
my introversion has stayed about the same honestly. in fact i'm probably more intentional with my introversion now days.
call theexterminationteam for radical islamist sewer rats&gt;stayoutof
visit our in the nyc sewers where sewer rats belong!
provisioning on : 7.5 hours. ? 2.5 hours and 87% less steps, per at .
and even better than .
the main takeaways from this weekend's muslim terror attacks are 1) it's no big deal chill out and 2) you're being pretty racist right now.
politispeak for....ignore this and give away america in the name of equality and anti-racism!
i saw a guy buy a playboy right before getting on the plane at 7am this morning. i'm confused what the next steps of this are.
probably masturbating in plane sight
well, seein' as it be maybe potc so you can be a part of jack sparrow's next hare brained scheme!
or for more pirate fun, head over to neverland and jack captain hook's booty, ha ha!
he's not gonna take any deal without getting a % of ppv sales. can't blame oscar for trying, but loeffler/k2 ain't having that.
......ggg deserves big money. i don't blame him for turning that puny deal down
how much are you supposed to tip a hitman?
yo! who cares. congrats!
i often recommend referral for bariatric surgery. what does the patient get? a diet!
not those secretly backed by the grain industry!!!!
if you're a us office fan, try out the superstore... found it this weekend, very funny.
definitely will check it out... binge watched the office last month.
yeah, it's really hard to pick shawn oakman out in a crowd.
wait, what?
ha! sorry - i mean reading book helping me understand course more !
well, you made me chortle. :-) big hello from nyc! seeing the wonderful on thursday.
couple one two techys comin to san jose and we bringing heat. hah-eeeet! vip tix may still be available link in bio
stop by 55 south!
how many times did obama t-off in 2016, and when can we see donald's tax havens?
nov 7 - day before the election
she seems like a rational person who's rationalized that helping dt win isn't a terrible thing. horrifyng.
is dead inside. $ is everything. i'm sure she cares about her kids &amp; no one else.
how to make change her accent: talk to her sister, talk about the un, have ring the bell:) has it all:)
what can i say. multi personas.
us there a live stream somewhere ?
. not today, but 1/2 of tomorrow should be! cc:
feared and revered. whether friend or foe she was respected. she gave chinatown clout her way. rest in peace, rose.
she a fighter like u. you both make me smile when i read about your advocacy
great point from shaw on both love/mccaffrey: they're not tall, but they're not little.
a lot of people forget walter payton was only 5'10". having met him as a kid i think that was a bit inflated
this is what isis wants 2 do in us what to do about it:
and has plans drawn up already, i would bet!
lmaoooo no love for nicki in these streets?!
who you taking?
that video of meek hitting the heavy bag is still one of the funniest things i've seen in a long time. haha!!
...that's why they talk that gun bs. game would wash him fast and he knows it
thank you for alerting us to this issue. have u visit a apple store? kw
i haven't been able to receive most texts for 3 days now and it's started to affect my business too. very upsetting.
you assume that was the main thing but you have to look at the totality of each candidate not just pieces.
and the totality of bernie was to increase the tax burden on the wealthy. gj has a consumption tax which is regressive.
jill blocked me when i asked about her ama membership and its pushback against obamacare public option ...
dr stein is shill for dt!
megadeth - holy wars...the punishment due
awesome sharon love this song girl
hillary supports islam like obama so no wonder she has brought in refugees, never cared we had to deal with them
i bet the republicans are giving them jobs like the undocumented.
you assume that was the main thing but you have to look at the totality of each candidate not just pieces.
they have diametrically opposed views of what the role of the federal government is.
leaving nyc ! back to la
have a safe flight gena!!! glad i got to see you this time lol
why didn't apple include this wallpaper in ios 10 :(
i know! i thought it would the new dynamic wallpaper.
"they can water down the characters all they want...they can't water down the wrestling in the ring." - dm on the cruiserweights on
oh yes they can!
now hillary wants tough vetting. wouldn't that make her a muslim-hating racist?
she's channeling trump!
the best workout
this would make anyone ripped
i remember a cart chassis modified for the hillclimb in '96. w/ full asphalt that would be perfect
the indy car i drive in 95 &amp; 96 is now running with spencer steele at the peak.
what's your best vintage de niro performance? difficult i know but in the water in the cage below with john savage/deerhunter!
most of his best ones do.
enjoyed your book! what a great read! please start your next one immediately!
thanks so much, brent. i'm definitely working on the next one in my head...stay tuned!!
hillary supports islam like obama so no wonder she has brought in refugees, never cared we had to deal with them
cheap labor who hires them? orthodox jews they work for nothing and they abuse their tenants.
this is what the wants you to focus on.
nevermind that there's been over a dozen tweets from them in last 2 hours about .
are claritin, zyrtec, and allegra on the wada banned list? not the ones with pseudoephedrine but the plain versions?
no. double check everything, but i am not aware of any "basic" antihistamine (e.g. claritin or zyrtec) that is banned.
white new yorkers, if you're out there today and someone is hassling your neighbor for being muslim or brown you've got to say something
this is the best possible use of, "see something, say something."
hell or high water-movie bank robbers go from jesse james to trumpian "white trash"
you won't be disappointed. very well done acting, direction and production.
this seems to be the case with a lot of things.
happy to shed light on a few things :)
total opposite of how it should be. surround a new character w/ established ones so the show is still recognizable.
ughhhhhhh everything is annoying today lol
visit our in the nyc sewers where sewer rats belong!
caught a fat isissewerrat today psrealbrits willget bk theirfr
i think so, yes. the issue here is that the artist in question feels no amt of remorse for his nasty actions.
but that is an issue only if we choose to take issue, no? one faces the consequences of one's own choices
but... but... the fed will just monetise the losses, right?..
nothing happening until november 9th :)
would prefer 3 or 4....2 score lead is not good for my heart
agree but he didn't say exclusively...and reverses are runs too
lol...what you got going on today?
im goin4 a run then melissa is putting final touches on my new webseries..launching next week..it looks so good..she s so awesome
clay stupid
lmaooo actin crazyyy kid
linden, nj mayor says ahmad rahami found sleeping in bar by owner; police recognized him.
glad he wasn't killed. now we might learn motives and other conspirators.
finally twitter good for something
don't blame your problems on twitter
he almost brought home dinner
lol i thought he'd react like that
terrorist known to authorities. obama can't say terrorism. hillary blames trump; accuses him of treason. i'm livid. disgusted. speechless.
if you can't say it, you don't acknowledge it, won't acknowledge it you can't beat it!
and i just signed up to join a europe team =) /cc
are you coming in person. looking forward to meet you, not just over the beam.
gaaaah! this is so economically mistaken:
$2.99? in california, we call that "bargain pricing."
you really think he's better than mj and magic!
yes and it's not close
mri confirms chargers rb danny woodhead has torn acl and is out for the season (via )
he always hurt...
why?!? 102!!
blazing here too. not so good for wine shipping. :(
throw it in the garbage. badly flawed poll. surveyed 39% of dems. only 46% male.
ya worthless another 1
chem has become less about molarity and more about picking up the nuances of my prof's speech &amp; gestures so i can better impersonate her
organic chemistry?
i want to learn to do something new.
square dancing!!!!
in any case, promoting the prosecution of the source who won you a pulitzer really takes hubris to the next level
my grandfather's generation of journalists are rolling over in their graves.
without me?
you wasn't w me shooting in the gymmm
can we clone ? we need her on every network, three times a day.
agreed but the woman barely sleeps now!!
someone paid $100k for this painting two years ago. now it's worth $20k via
rt fwiw, at least it's a cool painting?
yep you're a trump supporter, never accept accountability for anything.
you just found out i was a trump supporter? accountability for human error?
deputy secretary just announced &amp; an sdg accelerator for 2017.ppps for the !
- love this - look 's prize challenge structure rec's; outcomes payments idea
it's on my list once i get the time to narrow it down for sure and provide sample data.
thanks! fwiw, it definitely is not just picking the first profile in an unsorted list, though the logging doesn't make that clear.
who the fuck is radcanine
he's the guy who needs to draw more butts.
hi! great to have the first offline to online connection happen with that vest
i love it. how long have you been trying?
yeah, it's *so* hard to find shawn oakman in a crowd.
tbf maybe oakman said i'm coming in and you're gonna pretend like you don't know who i am. not like he's a peaceful guy
yes "lucky," let's count our blessings it was only knives and bombs.
wow, how stupid do they think we are?
why jeb bush won't endorse ? "i don't think either candidate pass the threshold...for sitting in the white house"
does he really not have the spine to acknowledge that it's a choice between the two, and which one he is going to vote for?
thank you babe! my only thing is we also have to try and compare the story to our life so i'm having a super hard time
damn ok that is kinda tough maybe think in terms of past relationships or the relationships women in our culture engage in?
yeah, they really fucked up here.
"yikes" is cringeworthy too.
i know what to say to get what i want from people, i don't do it because my conscious won't let me be fake and play with people like that
i see people playing the game and i don't feel any type of way about it, i just keep my distance.
cop: you say the devil was, "in a bind 'cuz he was way behind." did he mention who he reports to? johnny: ok! i stole the golden fiddle!
*sarah koenig voice* someone was lying about the fiddle.
how do you have such insight?
conversations with the two lead authors
a-rod unbenchable!
i feel so much better that even if i had played aaron i still would've lost to this person
you love when spin is in town for longer than 30 seconds! maybe this time is a full minute?
i was surprised to see him!
this is great !
thanks for the retweet girl!
the department of homeland security gave citizenship to over 1,000 people it meant to deport. i feel safer already.
this is much better than deporting more than 1,000 people who were supposed to be naturalized
wait, what? it's out?
i mean, not officially dm me
none of it even makes sense. like why is this even a topic in from of james? i'm so over it
im glad i live far away from cali id break down that bb door
had a dream i got married at a dog shelter. most of the guests were dogs &amp; i wore a swishy yellow dress. then we adopted a dog.
sounds gorgeous. how do i rsvp?
jordan and i are struggling through our attempted veganism
proud of ya. keep it pushing even if you mess up
this woman is a contemptible, craven liar. hillary clinton: these terrorist attacks are all trump's fault:
really? how about you n obama welcoming them with open arms and wallets?
highlight of my week, and it's only monday....running into and in lord and taylor
ahhh loving you and
we are. it's in the upcoming vote to allocate 1.4 billion for trains and improved bus transit
that's good. hopefully the vote passes
so like is no one else getting fuckin worried that its getting hotter? that out climate is changing, its not good
lol i should be a environmentalist
unfortunately, i'm not entirely sure i will be able to attend this one...
how can we change your mind?
first day in my criminology class we talked abt the importance of blm
that's awesome!!
darn, you got me again.
i'm always watching
white house sr. advisor on 'birther theories': "nothing much surprises me anymore, but it is unfortunate."
it's unfortunate we have a kenyan in the white house
no that would be the woman who lied repeatedly to congress, had blackberries destroyed, blamed others.
i think hillary wins overwhelmingly!
'16 in a nutshell. nat'l q poll: % of clinton supporters who worry they'll be victim of terrorist attack= 29%; trump supporters = 68%
the irony is that those scared trump supporters will be far less safe from terror attacks under trump b/c of how he incites hate
were you able to get your tickets?
yes. is phone and one hour hold
still the wrong nuts for a snickers.
i wouldn't be able to tell you, but i liked it and i didn't die. so win win.
it's always sunshine and good vibes but tonight is gonna be a particularly good time. come thru!
never end with +
this would be a good reminder for any other team's fanbase, eno
eh we've had fresh pain since. still, point was aimed at indians, mets fans
if you're willing to wait look on amazon, got a new 950 dollar bike for 150 a few years back
i think i found a good one in a store in mountain view!
how is it regressive?
because poor people consume a much larger % of their income.
for the past few months my sense of self-worth and self-esteem has been so low but i'm happy to say that i'm feeling better than ever and
honestly exercising and changing my diet have helped me so much but it's also thanks to the amazing support i have from all of my friends so
i see people playing the game and i don't feel any type of way about it, i just keep my distance.
i'd rather be respected and recognized for my talent and hard work. i don't want to manipulate and "finesse" my way to the top.
it's probably that guy she has been dating. he seems so controlling. why does she always go for this type of guy?
totally. the family is sick of it.
i thought walken was astonishing in the scene in the military hospital sitting on the wall crying...just phenomenal acting!!
oh, walken is an amazing actor. he was also brilliant in at close range and the dead zone
just wiped down one of the mats at the gym with toilet paper because there's no sanitary wipes.
thank you for bringing this to our attention; we will address it.
amid a new wave of attacks, dems downplay terror
ignore it and it will go away!
in any case, promoting the prosecution of the source who won you a pulitzer really takes hubris to the next level
. some journalists want to speak truth to power. others want connections to power. situations like this reveal whose side you're on.
last night i realized i hate jonathan safran foer almost as much as hasidic jews, and for very similar reasons
can't believe you wasted this on a sunday before 9am
so $400,500,000?
i believe the 400mil is inclusive. ironically
caught a fat isissewerrat today psrealbrits willget bk theirfr
&gt;ourwillkick your isisbutt..&amp;helprid itself froms
i sometimes think humans didn't evolve much from neanderthals!
that goes back to those couple of transportation managers i was talking about last night
arianas grande, ranked: 5) donut ariana 4) dangerous woman ariana 3) jason robert brown ariana 2) drag race ariana 1) impersonations ariana
drag race ariana made me fall in love w/ araina
it's good money cuz nobody wants to do it
is it solely because of nothing but sad stories and torn-apart families or some extra burden of the field, or both?
still weird around the neighborhood @ chelsea, manhattan
i work in the neighborhood. stay safe.
meet . one step closer to fascism every day.
the government indoctrination is strong in her.
she-hulk is getting a new series in december just titled "hulk". sorry banner, all hail walters.
i'd say bruce could probably live with that but he's dead
so, after a stay in liverpool that's been thoroughly life-changing, i'm moving to portland with to formally launch .
congrats boys! can't wait.
i am great on boats, i grew up on them!
that's cool, hopefully you're not mistaken for keira knightley depending on which pic your kh avatar is based on, ha ha!
enjoy all!
nice perfect for a monday
honestly exercising and changing my diet have helped me so much but it's also thanks to the amazing support i have from all of my friends so
i love you all so much thank you all for being so incredibly supportive
. won't let you leave empty handed. meet friendly florists joining us @
we are brining 5000 stems of flowers to make over 1000 awesome bouquets! flowers for everyone! 2016 best ever!
instead of hanging out with me my boyfriend is making "hit rap songs" with his friends...this is what i deal with
hes gonna be famous for his bars tho watch
yes. i have emailed you this morning. ^sb
we've been emailing &amp; tweeting all day, still no pills
grab unlimited beer, good reads, &amp; a chance to meet tomorrow at the brewery.
prepping my bag of hop puns right now!
then they'll fuck your dad
then ima have to swoop on her mom they always bad anyways
hey, look! a conservative white dude calling out someone else's ball size! surely a twitter first.
he has the balls to be in a foxhole but pisses himself in fear at the muslim guy in a halal cart? wow.
and dont let the gate, door, fence, whatever u want to call it hit u in the ass on your way out see ya! ny &amp; nj
by "gate" do you by chance mean "bridgegate"?
what would they do in staten island? use the crater for a new landfill?
landfill has been closed in si since 2001. virginia gets our trash.
for real lol. but i love the new imessage
yes i live the imessage additions :)
they didnt catch them all till about 5 mins ago
main dude was caught like 2 hours ago... the other ones were caught earlier or yesterday dnt remember
not tonight i'm not
memo to all of cal fandom: your mission is to get a selfie with , and post it to every social media account you have.
breaking news: chris christie knew about the scheme to close george washington bridge lanes, prosecutors said
i guess he was working the cones
nice idea! do we have available for the hackaton?
let me confirm with the technical leads and . do we have available?
fair point. but still, can't see them introducing a new type of port.
yeah true. i just discovered a flaw in their courages change + the adapter for audio to lightning and forgetting the reverse ...
"bourgeois decadence"? you've got to be kidding me. i know some other bourgeois decadence you should consider condemning...
i'm trying to figure out how this works... we should just go over to the iconoclast side in 786?
before you get back from ny there's a debt i need you to collect for me in flatbush,bk you get a percentage lol.
i live close to flatbush.. whatsapp me... dz dollar!!!
niggas are stupid like you thought that we have naturally purple eyelids ??? with purple lips ?? you guys are stupid
if you think we were born with glitter on our eyelids that's your fault for being so dumb
solution for now: wrap swift values to their toll-free bridged ns- counterparts.
you should be able to box anything in generic box, without needing to use the specific ns counterpart.
your twitter is very saasy. and i like it.
caffeine talking.
that shit is crazy joey
wild bro shit was insane
people like chris hayes should be executed along with our filthy, fucking politicians.
did mommy forget to change you today bunky? poor poor baby. time for baba and nappy poo.
last tweet go for ya females too. don't be this girl
lmaooooo must be nice
is trump blaming clinton for the attacks here?
trump from g.w. bush playbook: terrorists respect strength. that got us 3,000 dead on 9/11; 4,500+ dead in iraq.
nah, almonds probably have like 0.001 fluid ounce of liquid which is probably moisture from the water it used to grow
it was a guess
you're so cute! that avi &gt;
thank you lovely
he was terrible, even against backup pgs, his true colors will shine in brooklyn
i'm a knick fan and even i know we have the dumbest fans in the nba. we're so biased to our own team we don't think
"in just four years, sec clinton managed to single-handedly destabilize the entire middle east..."
so very true! and she and obama bankrolled isis!
wow i love walking in the ran sometimes i run in the ran
oh yeah you walk home in the ran now
two of three terrorist bombs discovered by thieves, who disabled one, leading to capture. only in ny/nj, people.
if you steal something, say something!
ah, okay! good you realised it. i see so many people hating it everyday in college &amp; wanting/having swe jobs.
yeah. after two years, i just couldn't fake it anymore.
our bot startup is a whole year old today!
congrats and team.
i sometimes think humans didn't evolve much from neanderthals!
after reading some of your tweets i agree!!
new office. but man, i bet it'd be amazing to work for skunk ape research hq!
there's still time.
these cowards
i second that. not a terrorist.
i'd rather be respected and recognized for my talent and hard work. i don't want to manipulate and "finesse" my way to the top.
i say all that to say this, i'm getting you frontin ass niggas the fuck outta here. by any means necessary.
if you think we were born with glitter on our eyelids that's your fault for being so dumb
i understand preferring your girls with no makeup but how about appreciating the art she created on her face
i love you all so much thank you all for being so incredibly supportive
and!!! family too, i'm so grateful to everyone including my new beautiful little niece
do you think the chargers have wasted philip rivers?
philip loves san diego and we love him. he definitely deserves a sb win and he will get it here. so, no.
my best friend made a choreography for cold water and she slayed it
that's so nice
i see her as the only option. i don't see her as corrupt. bernie is no longer an option. it comes down to her or trump.
this thinking creates the "lesser of two evils" narration. paradigm shifts can be difficult. good luck!-
5 free ways to build your personal brand on linkedin by
thanks for sharing!
thanks! deserve the credit on that! if you're in he mood for bbq later, nickel's opens at 5.
oh &amp; i forgot to mention the beer cheese soup - very fragrant (in a perfume way)
don't you sometimes wish you just had a guide to the us? well, you can!
great resource! as is preparing students to study in usa pub'd by
i'm a knick fan and even i know we have the dumbest fans in the nba. we're so biased to our own team we don't think
in reality. super team eh? how comical is that. lets just hope we make the 2nd round and stfu.
ok bet...i will have a listen 2 it. appreciate the share.
you get a chance to listen to that new single ?
still can't get over how good this new jimmy eat world song is:
what are your feels on the new taking back sunday album?
is carly there or on the phone
in the flesh, interrrupting it all
one thing that some pc spectator clients include is a mouse smoothing option in spec, allows for smooth &amp; fluid control
i'm sure waldo agrees that we would like to have more spectator options available than we can find use of initially
is this real? there is no show tonight according to this performance calendar
i called the theater. they said there is a show.
new motivation clip posted in the motivation cta section on the site and app.
thank you for inspiring with your actions, words and legacy.
only a week after my cali trip &amp; i've already lost 10 lbs since i've been back. that's saying something. lol
that we have good food here? lol
introducing an insider's guide to effective linkedin campaigns via
thanks for sharing!
please let me know if you buy a tebow mets jersey so i can block you
what if you buy it to burn it in the name of s a t a n?
never in my life have i wished i was in a meeting more than right now
did you also accidentally make a fart sound with your mouth?
t-minus 1 week until the 1st presidential debate. rt if you'll be watching
looking forward to shredding cheetonazi &amp; his altright scumbag idiocy.
tim is why i don't call into radio shows. i can't be like that.
you have to be better than that.
hos existence is rude. shame on his mother for not squirting a coca-cola up her vag during her early pregnancy
lmfao someones having a damn good day today
happy birthday bro! hope you have a good one!
thank you fam
very excited for football outsiders to add their 2016 charting data. 2015's is up and it's fairly illuminating.
congrats. it's grueling.
the west 30's of manhattan are so disgusting that there are zookeepers who'd be offended.
zookeepers actually have pretty high standards.
yes!!!!!!! mr. tommy!!! iain loved the golf cart choreography in ! can't wait to hear this, !
hieeeeeee!!!! miss you guys!!!
nicole is just trying to mentally break down james, and it's working
james likes her alot though wnats they reunite nicole can go straight to hell lol
how donald trump makes mike pence look less extreme
wasn't that extreme right wing tea party cheerleader in congress just a few years ago
that makes a lot of sense! no twitch aiming necessary in spectator mode.
absolutely, and with more direct control we can find new ways to utilize the options available &amp; present new details
the trump campaign knows this is a horrible stain so they keep trying to deflect. trump is the one who "sent investigators to hi".
trump pretended to "investigate." racist witchunt to discredit first african-american prez while elevating his profile.
so much cleaner looking...easier to use, faster, etc. does not support polls or have gif support in app :)
you know i like gifs and polls!!
. i am clinton's age~i don't fly about, w a constant fast-paced schedule~i look just as old ~ so ~
not worried about hrc's appearance, nor am i concerned with her age. it's her health issues that are problematic.
i understand preferring your girls with no makeup but how about appreciating the art she created on her face
i just find it funny that guys still think we wear makeup for them...
. claims she's only candidate who has sat in the situation room, has plan to combat terror don't want this to get bigger
- time for mitchell to retire. u make no sense in your reporting. go blue!
so..wtf is for?
a way for people to be nice to me and let a third party take 5 percent of their generosity?
i gotta say..as an avid college fball fan i go nuts over the draft. 1of my fav players who i badly wanted 4the jets was sheppard &amp; when the&gt;
giants took him i got sick. hes gonna be real good but listening 2wfan &amp; the giant fans, they have him in canton &amp;their d on par w/85 bears
happy birthday lil sav! hope you have a great day
thanks joc
"we must maintain law and order...or we will cease to have a country. i am the law and order candidate."
strength, not capitulation!
i asked "from where you went to high school!" for the same purpose.
nice. do you have a link to the results from that poll question?
nice t-shirt you got there! :-)
i love it! thanks again to for it!
happy birthday fam!!!
thanks bro !
live on : . is back in studio!
don has me in tears after watching this
ahahaga what why
idk pop,looked like i was on floor in your room when it started,woke up when someone rushes in the door n knocked me down again
... makes you think, then laugh, then laugh harder the more you think about it.
love that deadpan humor. wright and mitch hedberg are at the top of my standup list
im vegetarian 4 health reasons
i don't even know if knowing i would , could stop me from eating me some , !
and that led to definitely not us airstrikes in aleppo.... how?
this excursionism is ego driven. is it possible usa gun runners are selling you war for their profit? you foolish
hate to say but i don't think you should be
unfortunately everything about me screams millennial :(
edit mode is buggy. even if i don't crop and save it as it is..the app crashes. details:
can't repro on my phone and can't see the crash report. could you send me a video of the crash? (u can use az screen recorder)
i just find it funny that guys still think we wear makeup for them...
like yeah every time we go out i'll have makeup on but on days we're just chillin i won't bother to put makeup on
christian mccaffrey is the greatest white non-quarterback football player of all-time, period. -
seriously why inject race into this? completely unnecessary and frankly diminishing he's one of the greats period
did you know 1 brazil nut daily supplies your body's daily needs? that's better than a !
your tweets are always well thought! that's the (brazil) nut i tried for 3 wks! you've re-inspired me on !
a fog of low self-confidence is smothering me this morning but on the plus side it's monday.
you are amazing, you are a beautiful human being, and i hope your day gets better!
maybe if i pray every night i won't be broke if i buy nightmare tickets
come w/ us it's such a good lineup !!
s/o to all the sick speakers: learned so much!!
it was an honor to meet you &amp; all the fellows!
what a great memory you have karen. that was 2003
of course i remember it's epic :)
super cool! we might have to get this!
it's awesome! can't wait for the next one now.
within 9 mins, he went from praising law enforcement to saying they failed
i disagree here- the law enforcement reacts, the system should have proactively worked better.
where the fuck is all the squirrel poop? i have no idea.
i'm no scientist but they must poop
happy birthday young brother make sure you have a good ass time, ps i respect you tough since you been a great father
thank you brotha i really appreciate that much love
trump on bomber: how did he get through system? wtf is he talking about?? the guy was 12 when he came to america
jennifer, u r a fool.there is enuf on fb alone about this guy to hav the law up his ass if the law wasnt pc'ed to death
he has more self control than i would if i was in his situation&amp; they were talkin bout my showmance
i wouldnt know what to do with nicole but paul id have no problem with
tapos yun dinner mamaya and running on 4hrs
the struggle is real
if the donald wants to clear his reputation as a tax cheat and a moocher he will release his tax returns.
his supporters are brainwashed and don't care. they are the real problem.
back again! just rode the new hulk, so much better!
i've missed since moving from orlando to san francisco. hoping to get back for harry potter 2 &amp; new hulk ride
. the left does not understand *tolerance,* which used to me we could debate opposing ideas civilly.
. i've always been civil to you, peter. you sell fear of other people for a living. not uncivil to point that out.
i just ordered paleo buffalo chick from umi kitchen! order yours:
. we think you're gonna like your buffalo chicken from stacey's paleo on wednesday:) welcome to the umi fam!
like yeah every time we go out i'll have makeup on but on days we're just chillin i won't bother to put makeup on
i don't wear makeup bc i think i'm ugly and i'm too "insecure" to go out without it. i wear it bc it makes me feel good.
why are all dmv employees so slow!!!! like what are the requirements to work here??? they always in cruise control.
dude - there is one by madison square garden that you are in &amp; out in 20 minutes.
the new jonbent series is good, if a little too slick. i still want elizabeth moss to play patsy in a drama so badly.
which one? i watched the a&amp;e special and it was rough
i rebase -i all day. it's the best workflow imho
. when one wields the spatula that is `rebase -i`, all commits become clay
huh? i thought logan was with 2 women. and hf was with tb and his friend at the w....
with as in he had an alibi. don't think he went home with them.
i didn't sign up for the nyc emergency alert system to be woken up by "join our paranoia about vaguely brown men."
honestly, i found that it told me useful things: 1) explosion in chelsea 2) suspicious package @ 27th 3) be on lookout for ramadi
giants took him i got sick. hes gonna be real good but listening 2wfan &amp; the giant fans, they have him in canton &amp;their d on par w/85 bears
ill say this, however.. im no fan of the $ they spent on vernon &amp;harrison, but the jets wld be impossible to beat if they had the giants cbs
everyone tells me the witch is great, so why am i so meh about watching it?
it's a lot like it follows if that gives you any greater clarity, i don't blame you though, lot of over-hyped flicks this year
use image capture and throw them into a folder it's one of my fave mac apps
i expect you updated by end of day today kthankx
i find myself doing that on my 6+. almost thinking of turning off siri.
i did that, but then it enables the old voice controls feature. and you can't seem to disable that.
the only correct answer of course is neither.
i feel like the only people i know that say "prezo" are people who've made a career out of speaking instead of doing.
how many of y'all would consider yourself a jr. designer? maybe you're in college, high school, or in the first couple years of your career...
hah, you know me! i don't know when (or if) a change of mindset will happen. i'm trying to use it to my advantage.
serving up and . great lessons learned from the fast food industry.
thanks for the love!
she sent me the video on whatsapp :)
awww that's cool
yes, you only do wtc races, and have never read the itu rule book, but know more that the competition jury at the itu world champs.
seems not about "outside assistance" (2.2) but "general conduct" 2.1.viii. overly strict, imo...
&gt;ourwillkick your isisbutt..&amp;helprid itself froms
don'tbeconned&gt; ispolishedlike o,trudeau,erdoganbut
why does your location say california...
lmao idk. it's been like that since i replied to a girl whose location was the same and idk how to change it back lmao
how does one say get away from me without being rude
i'm about to get in the shower, so i guess i'll see you later. so what if we are in church
if only my hair stayed this red for longer than 3 minutes :-)
i gave up the redhead life because it never stayed. i miss it so much
i don't wear makeup bc i think i'm ugly and i'm too "insecure" to go out without it. i wear it bc it makes me feel good.
i wear makeup bc i want to. i hate hearing those "you look better without it" or "you don't need makeup" comments
poor thing. just wanted a maple-frosted donut like the rest of us.
inside of me, there's a maple-donut loving deer screaming to get out.
rt " suspect in custody. you are welcome colin kaepernick." illegal use of strawman. 15 yards.
i lol'ed, but...(for your records)
big thanks to and for the interview.
of course
i would of went off and exploded by now lol
50k or 500k sucks hes in that spot
yeah but either way it's just clothing
yeah that's true
had two crazy dreams b2b last night.. ask about em
was i in any of them?
i think the floppy disk icon has officially entered the "retro" category.
i'm selectively looking to projections to keep my sanity. (no disrespect to .)
what are cable talk show hosts larry king and ed schultz doing on kremlin-financed tv?
but nyt is state ran as well
1) read tweets abt ahmad khan rahami 2) note who's excited for a terror attack to help their candidate 3) don't vote for their candidate
it's ahmad mad world
watch live: police robot investigates 'pipe-like' device in fullerton
obama's v jay team is everywhere
ok. last one. i hate when people post pics of food. but this so much more than that....
nothing to see here
i feel like the only people i know that say "prezo" are people who've made a career out of speaking instead of doing.
i am positive this monday morning :)
can't believe you wasted this on a sunday before 9am
but also explain
. just blew the "what's for dinner" ecosystem wide open.
. we can't wait to get you some real home cooking! cheers to a better dinner and thanks for the umi love.
they're also a great cut flower!
that's good to know! i'll search for some for next year's garden.
70 killed in weekend of violence across america as muslim man plants bombs:
gun deaths are the issue if you go by the but we froth at the mouth bout muslim terrorists who luckily killed nobody. facts.
quantum computing: 17 years of major startup fin... |
that graph need a fantasy level axis.
i'm a sucker for packaging and my did not disappoint!
thanks for sharing! we can't wait to see where your new bag takes you. safe travels!
update: didn't go so hot. will have to attempt it again in the next few weeks. ugh... i think they just didn't have the x-men juice ready.
never send a human to do a sentinal's job!
i tell you how to assess the risk of a trump presidency.
defending how you are "happy either way", u write a flattering trump blog.can i start a blog about your ability to persuade?
gotta watch yaself
y'all are so mean
mark knapp is officially the undisputed goat for buying this fucker
such a goat
cubs might end up with 100 wins - and possibly most wins in baseball - but would still not have home field advantage in the ws.
because of an exhibition game in july
should the us take more decisive stand against ? |
.uh-uh, naw, nay &amp; no...ps, let n. korea neighbors (china and s. korea) take the lead on n. korea's sanctions.(bliss)
dangit. i sent my glasses back to warby parker to have the lenses replaced. i have no back up glasses.
just got lasik. it's amazing was -8, now perfect!
do you ever thing it stems from their lack of faith in christ almighty? hear he's sick, hung with him once
he's chill. doesn't smoke bud but whatever, to each their own i guess.
naww one was about zombies tho lol
oh then nvm jk
amateur video appears to show new york bombing suspect rahami being loaded into ambulance:
too bad the emt's didn't accidentally drop the stretcher when loading it into the ambulance.
great week all
nice work bro and thanks for mention
that's sick
it was quite the time.
norman reedus and the perky penis
hideo and the unfortunate covered reedus
25 of the most popular haunted houses in america
let's do all of them
i don't discriminate i like all types of females if they're attractive or got something goin but i highly prefer lightskin girls
all i got is faith in these lightskins lol
in 1994, mandela became president of africa. thats resilience at its best. we all have that same resilience inside of us
i needed this bro
but also explain
also we became co-workers almost exactly a year ago, can you believe it!! remember olia's dinner! remember jersey month
i wonder how complicated it actually is for twitter to add in an edit feature.
seems to be as complicated as it is for to add a "repost" feature
love me! now!
you see right through me.
obama ignores bombing, talks politics during nyc visit
...thus proving . has sunk into political shitbag-ism!! ...thus proving einstein's theory of idiocy!!
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
jean-michel thank you for the rts of my story and video. here's a new blog on productivity:
yah, just hope they don't get too into his head and he's salty to her at finale/wrap party.
they got nats friends and bree they will support them
hope to hear the answer 2"where's the audit letter" at the debate on monday. we the people are with you
his is a con &amp; may even have the balls to produce a fake letter as he did at the debates regarding trump u bbb rating
hey, what do you do when you have your intercession recorded with music in background? happened to me last wedding..
yeah tough stuff. it usually doesn't happen. much to talk about here
i need to start being wrong, just to get some rest.
you have officially enter the "tired of winning" zone!!!
i wear makeup bc i want to. i hate hearing those "you look better without it" or "you don't need makeup" comments
bitch i know i don't need it but i want it!! the only things i need is water and food but i want a lot of other things just like you foh
mr highways thinking about the end should get you pretty torqued, and second sucks should do the same
it's a monday. attitude was dull as could be, until i realized it's monday which means gotham, it's lit fam.
ty gregg.. i felt like some maiden today! especially after my ran thru our arch rival yesterday th...
agree enjoy your day troy
3)aliens against american citizens, anger toward police, attending funerals of thugs but not justice scalia or nancy reagan, etc.
if this is what you believe
monday at , be sure to chk out oracle vp bhagat nainani's interview on ,
looking forward to sessions.
shut up, you're ok.
why are you so mean?
old people love walking around the planet fitness locker rooms butt ass naked like they got something to show off
yep there's an old bat at mine who showers (no one showers there) and drys her hair naked
presbyterian minister says unborn baby only becomes a person "when they are loved"
umm.... what?
hi dan, where can i find out more about ps60 and how to use it?
hey buddy . i have breakdown recording of it . 2hrs : workshop recording
i hate morning shifts when i wake up but i love them when i'm the first to go home
sometimes i wish i had more morning shifts
bernies aren't ? i do not 'get' this 'loving' focus on the woman's health ~ trump gonna kick off w a heartattack ~
sanders wasn't falling apart on the campaign trail. hrc has a history of falling/stumbling/struggling to walk.
but it does show police doing impt things...fighting drug dealers, serial killers, etc.
we may have to agree to disagree on this one. i do think police do important (&amp; sometimes dangerous) things...
getting to the point where i actually just talk to my parents when i get bored djdndnd i hate how 95% of my friends are at college rn
we mcfreakin lost her
osu lost a lot of talent to the nfl, but emerging young stars are making their mark.
it's a credit to he recruiting of both meyer &amp; saban! best in college
still don't have the air conditioning on and some of the cars what the fuck is the problem the car behind this one car # 2348 to manhat
put (in) were (and) is
thanks to all the nyg fans that came out today, great job cheering and screaming my first home game was rocking.
i sat next to your family yesterday. welcome to new york
room 226 learning math skills from each other.
"each one, teach one"
i love reading your personal stories about xoxo. made a list of this year's posts:
i'm starting to lose hope that people have written any essays about how my contributions to xoxo changed their life
we may have to agree to disagree on this one. i do think police do important (&amp; sometimes dangerous) things...
&amp; i think it's ok (&amp; sometimes necessary) to portray that on tv -- with appropriate context
- the woman who made this used to be a supporter too!
still not sure who i'm supporting yet but i'm feeling that sticker!!
i would start talking about corey and how he said he isnt lookin for a relationship to make her stfu
lol he told the guys at the beginning of the season he would never date something like that
no hora but there was a catholic hymn (which i originally misheard as "ham")
mmmm....ham. i could go for a "cubano" from cheese plus right about now
my great aunt told me as a kid once that the crunch in fig newtons were the dead wasps
i stopped believing her bc they're delicious but now i see this????
happy birthday to my childhood friend hope you have a good one beautiful !
thank you! i hope everything is well beauty
bitch i know i don't need it but i want it!! the only things i need is water and food but i want a lot of other things just like you foh
moral of the story is i'm gonna do wtf i want and hopefully one day i can find a guy that can appreciate me with or without makeup
this has always been my favorite part of the exhibit. thanks to karen for her care &amp; expertise. can't wait to see it
that's our favorite part too!
im just waiting to leave work so i can go home and watch the lil ump dance on dwts tonight
i know this does make you lol all night so you should do that :)
people still blaming refugees because of course.
this guy is not a refugee, but when idiots lie they lie big.
i care too much about phone cases but these r so cool i love this artist :/
hmu up with that link please tell me they have android cases
i just wanna hold and kiss my baby and it's killing me that i can't
sucks being sick..so sorry..hope u feel better soon hon
i have a weird theory, i would rather pick mariota and he get me 15 then waste another 2k for a eli manning/ carson palmer .
only qb worth the money is cam just because he runs alot so he racks up more points
so did winning the cup change him into an egomaniac or was he always bad and just got lucky?
the latter, i think.
what if i built a solid knowledgebase wordpress plugin and sold beautiful themes for that plugin? interested?
here's the monthly search traffic for "wordpress knowledgebase plugin," if that helps :)
make that 5+2 for me bilal i'm 22.
stop playing with my emotions
2)allowing domestic terrorist groups like blm, pro-illegal immig groups across the country, pits blacks against whites, illegal...
you are entitled to your own opinions, not your own facts
she must be trippin , tf wrong with her stupid ass
"high end fashion" bro. the trend of the high end shit gotta stop
yea cause i wish i had one that says "big dan's big return"
with this as my pic.
moments ago, an assailant attempted to stab an idf soldier in hebron. soldier subdued assailant who is in questioni...
yawn. this is what we pay you billions for???
bernies aren't ? i do not 'get' this 'loving' focus on the woman's health ~ trump gonna kick off w a heartattack ~
also i agree that trump is one taco bowl away from a quadruple bypass. but he hasn't shown signs of breaking down. yet
vacation in hot cocoa on the front porch in the rain
did my invite "get lost in the mail?!?" enjoy to the utmost!!
that's not true, they were just together at the floating rib a week or two ago
how many times have we seen them on screen together with teddy since she came back? i say 3 tops
army vet has the best response to obama feeling insulted by black trump voters [video]
love what he has to say!
when your phone system goes down, but still goes above and beyond to get a hold of you! thanks for the awesome cs guys!
it's easy to provide great cs when we have such amazing customers! thanks again for keeping us in the loop. we appreciate it!
america just felt what israel must suffer nearly every day. you do what you need to do to stay safe.
seriously??? grow up and educate yourself.
when you get home and realize you have no house key
bick back on the best couch out there... aka back seats of e36 &gt;&gt;
how many conventions would i have to attend every year to make an rv a financially sound alternative to hotel rooms?
the answer may be undefined... rvs are not particularly economical or easy to move around/park.
tf brown's tonight. be there or be
come to tullys and eat dinner and get your birthday sundae and sit in my section first
happy bday boo! i miss being minorities together
thank u i miss u too minority fam
don't be so negative.
i'm positive about the ones on the positive side of the fantasy axis.
the thing about cop shows, as you point out, is they portray crime-fighting as an inherently ennobling pursuit.
agree, most do that. it should not be inherent -- it should be earned.
i got suspended for a whole week once for not telling the teacher when i was going to the bathroom
that's impressive. our suspension got revoked because it was "honestly pretty funny"
saw this on facebook
"now you can be the villain"
throwing all shades blood
hi who are you again ?
make sure you always tell your parents and siblings how much you love them bc they are the ones who will be there no matter what
((((or anyone who is like family to you depending on your situation))))
please rt for my grandson !! ty ! have you heard 'spirits' by sphinx on ? ...
thank you :)
jim brown spotted yesterday using an unstrung woodie as a cane.
greatest lacrosse player of all time?
what's the difference from your pov?
you can paint with a broad brush on national &amp; come across as educated - we know our teams &amp; you can't fake it locally at all
well, at least we have another reason to drink. talking about the loss of woodhead - at 12:30
i do not need any more reasons thank you.
is that achey breaky boy?
yup. and this is achy bitch
don'tbeconned&gt; ispolishedlike o,trudeau,erdoganbut
if ms bond were in wh..there would benolefton
not been able 2 log in my account since got the iphone7 when try my email says acct already exists when i try fb says 404 err
hey can someone please respond!
zzzzzzzzzzz . says he received call from obama; says obama admires 'resiliency' of new yorkers
yeah, the resiliency of dealing with that clown comrade bill
my assistant is daddy af he's single but never looking just waiting
beautiful bedroom, love the pink!
i actually was told she was coming home by a woman who analyzed dreams waited up all night believing her i know it's crazybut...
weirder things have happened
the school reform that has actually been proven to work is the one we've given up on: desegregation.
wow... this episode is so important!
gotcha - what status is your order in now? ^heidi
it has been on "preparing" for a long time
not in my book. and my book is "making people laugh-- it's an art not a fart"
i said the same, no losers in that selfie at all. i don't give a f what they said, silicon valley should have won!
they've gone full retard folks!
make pepe great again.
nothing can ever be easy for me, united booked my flight wrong and now they want $900 more for a change
it's not you, it's united. they are, hands down, the worst airline in existence. never book with them again, i'm serious.
join us 26 sep nyc: "syrian refugees in supply chains: exploitation or opportunity?"
thanks for the invite! unfortunately i won't be in ny then.
bernies aren't ? i do not 'get' this 'loving' focus on the woman's health ~ trump gonna kick off w a heartattack ~
i won't vote for either. both trump and clinton are complete disasters.
post about your favorite show and you could win tix to in nashville!
can't afford travel costs and hotel!
feds wrongly granted citizenship to over 800 immigrants facing deportation.
mistakenly? yeah right! if is a mistake... they are stupid as they come. otherwise it was not a mistake
palo alto california avenue train station. as authentic as hotel california the eagles description
palo alto train station
of course my brother all people of color are not shemetic....hamitic people also have melanin but they are not yisraelites!
i only meant to change the "tense" of your statement from past tense "were" to present tense "are". we "are" yisraelites!
that is 100% out of my control. sorry. thanks for trying though!
oh of course. just thought it was entertaining.
tweet the sportier wheel size of the 2017 rogue w/ for a chance at $100.
19" alloy wheels
if i opened a hedge fund, would you invest? (just an idea, don't take this tweet as a firm plan)
my concerns: 1) most would rather invest their own money 2) most have strict ideas on the co's they like / dislike
where can i find those shoes?!?!? plz tell me, please
they suppose to come later this year. it's his own shoes. golf lefluer i think
did you see this? pravda published article about larry king interview of trump in 2007. what is larry king'...
for lack of a better word, he's a whore for money. always has been
you can paint with a broad brush on national &amp; come across as educated - we know our teams &amp; you can't fake it locally at all
there's a local pulse &amp; if ya aren't living it, die hard locals can smell it out - avg listener is smarter than they think imo
this isn't that rediculous of a statement
i think pats are most likely 3-1/possibly 4-0 and jets are 2-2
school spirit? yes indeed!!
. i call it building
my mom really just told me to move out cuz my door is closed
omg this is creepy why do they need to watch you you're their kid not their prisoner
i will send all my how-to-millennial queries to you in future. i only just learnt how to pull up the emoji keyboard on my mac...
sounds good :) lol i knew that but forgot it...classic millennial move
you saying monkeys aren't monkeys? why don't you just study biology?
i don't know what "monkeys aren't monkeys" means.
the daily life in hebron..
this is what it's like to live like a nonhuman
blueberry cake
purest thing i've heard all day
you are so beautiful
stop it i literally love you so much please lets hang out soon
i don't know what "monkeys aren't monkeys" means.
lol, it sounds like u are the one with a lack of grasp of primate evolution.
'they just don't fit in': ucla study links &amp; in orange county - welcome to the tragic kingdom...
orange county is where all the republicans &amp; tea partiers go when l.a. county is too liberal for them. of course it's racially segregated!
drove by 5 cops on my way back home and witnessed a car accident happen in the lane right next to me. it's been quite a morning in phx
idk sounds like a regular monday morning in phoenix
happy birthday man
thanks anthony
ivanka trump now has secret service protection
why? he should pay for her security not the taxpayers. if he is a multi billionaire as he claims should protect his own family.
oh dang yeah, this is pretty spot on.
the once and future jar of piss
randi weingarten? loathsome lib, hillary fan girl + splc bs giving false spin to trump. kids are learning from elders.
actually an 8yr old i know believes trump will start a new civil war based on his own study of american history, smart kid
sat-night,another 1st time anywhere match is happening @ me v v. prepare 4 a beating victor
but... the ussr doesn't exist anymore
, . what is amazing is how much of it is still standing 2,000 years after it was built......
between being looted in middle ages for building material and shaking by modern traffic doing quite well.
salaam! not at the moment. we have a baby now. how are you?
oh nice! congratulations!!! i am good...busy with work! i am still in philly....and work both in philly and princeton.
i needs all of them. gimme
holy crap my bestie would love those
you dishonor twats with this.
lol! i didn't mean the biology parts twat. i meant the old fashion word for stupid and obnoxious twat.
you saying monkeys aren't monkeys? why don't you just study biology?
the monkeys that evolved into humans, then became extinct as a result.
i hate how "fashionable" thrasher tee's became.
i could add like 59 things to that list. the culture is dying
like foreal $1000 for sum puma boots , she better jump off the earth with that shit
but we know they gone sell out in like 30 min smh. i can't get with the high end man.
a backend you can believe in
i can't decide this one, so must a/b test:
i think the chargers have wasted his talents and the championship window is closing for philip.
"closing" if we give up hope what do we have left? we gotta believe and save our bolts too.
happy birthday!!!!!!!!! thanks for taking me to get a character skirt lol, hope your day is as fabulous as you, love you
thank u girl ly2
simply forget that. there will be no no elections in 2018 !
hopefully govt of technocrats will come in 2018
........ or you can come to tfs after :d
come get your fucking birthday sundae
another slip for the libertarian nominee, gary johnson: 'nobody got hurt'
except the ones that got hurt
nyc nj bomber ahmed khan rahami was captured after a shootout with police. so he gets justice!
. is probably the only one who's glad he survived!! ...oh, and maybe .'s ex-boytoy's wife!!
class started at 2 and shawty been writing notes on the board the whole time
niggas been sitting in silence for 45 minutes lord smfh
highkey love you
lmao high key love you too
"how arbuckle got his groove back"
he carries on an affair with a lass of the islands named "owooda" in this very special garfield adventure!
at it's infancy 'fallism' represented arguably the most ideologically coherent critique of the post-94 project.
really, why would you say that?
considering it was destruction of a couple of trash cans, don't think obama needed 2b involved in local policiing.
it was sarcasm. but top notch police work.
that's keeping a game-breaker off the field? smh...
and why is that bubble screen still in the playbook?
reality is already in flux for me
seriously! they need to shift it so i'm like rich or something. not to fuck with my mind!
i swear theres an elderly home around every planet fitness with dudes just waiting to drop there pants lmfao
it's offensive
gentle reminder that there is a he-man character named fisto
also the marx brother no one ever talked about.
was this taken with your iphone 7?
it was on lili's iphone
the monkeys that evolved into humans, then became extinct as a result.
once monkeys began evolving into humans, those monkeys then became extinct.
kinda makes you think. passing out at the bar seems questionable under the circumstances, but then again that's the last place i would look.
not condoning anything or making light, but it's kind of funny to get caught like that
who we beating up
not about alex it's bout random bitches i don't even know or fuck with no more following my bro like you don't know him
great picture! hope it was fun for you!
it was fun!
boyyy my prof just called another brown girl in the class "bushra" i could call you professor mayo mayo mayo but i refrain....... .....
why are you so shady
lol.. eid shuma mubarak. philly.. hmm..
tashakor! balleh...chera churt mezani? bogo mekonom wa buko! lol
summit is now underway: live video: schedule:
watch defying the nazis 9.20 at 9pm which humanizes the refugee crisis today!
nothing freaks me out more than people who try to reel you in to their mall booths. pls do not approach me. pls
i know it's their job but it freaks me out. and i feel like an asshole when i decline because i always flip and run away
not having read the article, i assume this is about the soccer club
the football club?
kind of sick i didnt get to go to 106 &amp; park before it was over
pre teens today got nothing to rush home after school for lol
discard it for all other contexts or changes.
i am not "discarding" anything. it is what it is.
who told you that??? i wear my hat year round win or lose. hell today i'm wearing my. sounds bandwagony to me
some customers.
great use of this feature, but why can't they embed photo in the alert ?
turns out they can and decided against it. sorry, .
who we beating up
i just got back in connect with him after 14 years people are just nosey fucks
i'd say he's lying but this is actually worse.
or. shawn oakman meme is real life.
damn, she got away?
na this new girl that came on my floor
banana ground gets paved road
without a superstar olympic champion, this would not have happened, you got to be a winner to get attention
any mets fans out there will understand my pain...yet somehow we are poised to take the number 1 wild card slot
hey the giants may be in a nosedive but don't come out as out just yet
as long as both yall can stop saying triggered ill think about coming to the city to get blown up
if we blow up it will be together :')
strikes me as a particularly odd question from newsweek. yes, l train is important but in context. it's just one of...
i'm imagining an l train with shark teeth
this shit going down with baldwin hs is disgusting
whats going on ?
happy birthday!
thanks hun
i really don't want to be at work rn. i would rather be in bed shoving hot cheetos down my throat.
and then you gon complain about a stomach ache
you see someone cute at the train station but they get on a different train than you.
are you in the city today?
"this threat is real, but so is our resolve. americans will not cower. we will prevail." -hillary
you've proven time-and-again that the only thing you can prevail at is murder!! we remember even if you don't!!
when you guys are sick, what are the remedies you guys use to feel better ?
for a sore throat i put a peppermint ball in a lemon and suck on it. or tea wit honey or mix honey and lemon juice
it's my fav thing to say
me and my boys say it when we're fucked up on weekends and gtg it just comes out lmao
despite cody kessler being the likely starter, the browns have their eyes on the qb free agent market
geno smith is a fine choice. you could try and pry him away from the jets. would have to pay dearly however.
apparently there's a demonstration at 4 but well see if these new niggas even go
these kids these days way too kumbaya for my liking...we probably would've found out the associated parties by now. early
must be a bad milly rock if you're embarrassed
he laughed guess im not good
conservatives want obama to stay out of state and local gubments. that is, until something goes wrong there, then it's totally his fault.
anything that goes wrong anywhere in the us or abroad, is obama's fault. also hillary's.
'washington acknowledges and regrets airstrike syrian govt troops' - kerry
since when is it ok for the us government to launch military attacks on a sovereign nation without congressional approval?
i need a pair of over the knee boots
absolute necessity.
just curious: did help you get your text replacements back? i've lost over 200 here
my replacements are still available on my ios devices, so if i edit them each one time on ios, they sync back to mac. *sigh*
agree but we were on the verge of never seeing cl again. cl cash this season spent well will see us improve.
true. we rely on ucl money so need a team that can get us there.vand wanyma and forrester in brendans team !
even though title begs the question...but okay!
i even included the quote marks to account for that!
i love that the writer of this piece worked in the word "excrescence." that's just one reason to read it.
which reminds me how much i miss murray kempton; i usually had a thesaurus when i read him.
everyone agrees: chris christie knew all about bridgegate
christie must immediately resign as governor of new jersey!
i think there's still 10 more hours today... i could be wrong
nope can't hear you it's tuesday
predatory lending..... its funny how people are doing as their forefathers! hes from a bloodline of thieves....
how the gi bill left out african americans
but i'd be tight too, so i feel you
exactly like you don't fucking know him mind ur own business my brother wouldn't touch there's ratchets anyway
presbyterian minister says unborn baby only becomes a person "when they are loved"
that presbyterian minister needs 2 read his bible! "before i formed u in the womb i knew u; before u were born i sanctified u
i'm fucking crying
lmfaoo that fuckin leg has me so dead
i was thinking that it was his own shoe, but they look so much like vans and i was confused haha. they're wet af
i was too lol. i had to look up tyler the creator shoes when i first seen a pic of em. i need a few pair!
if i hadn't been around, the mumble machine may have ended up underwater.
"the mumble machine" sounds like some 60s jalopy name
i'm in! i'll probably be heading to the ale house after again... unless you have another place in mind?
let's try something new! i'll do some research!
i'm always fuckin up somehow.
but we still love you.
should i get my ears pierced?
for all you're piercings
where are you? i'll certainly go
they are $6 on stub hub
what do you think about it?
i'm pretty meh on it. it might just be the nostalgia of the old albums, but nothing has lived up to expectations since new again.
i don't, but maybe others do...
i remember it. it wasn't that popular (i know i loaded it), but i cannot remember the name or find any references.
all rockwell razors are adjustable, but i think you're referring to the model t here - in which case: march 2017!
yes, the t :) great. i snoozed and missed out on the kickstarter but consider me virtually lining up if you have a list :)
so i hit em with this
man i would've kicked the machine down fuckin hate college parking
given enough time, everything will be emulated. until we move everything to datacenters...
existence is an emulation...
has anyone read this? worth picking up the trade later? i thought the idea sounded fun.
i've picked up scooby, flintstones, future quest and most of wacky. scooby has been good. 90's teen horror feel
coming soon to hardx i sweated my butt off on this very warm day and loved every second of...
have you seen jessa rhodes and mandingo together, who knew
still debating. the tele lens and single-hand zoom is a huge temptation.
any idea why single handed zoom couldn't come to the 7?
agree his odi record is nt gud
he is not an aggressive player, cannot take charge. good for test cricket only
girl shutup lol
lol i'm just speaking truth
if i see one little fucking thing in my food, i instantly lose my appetite. i'm not the only one who feels like the whole shit contaminated.
n i know that's fucking terrible lmao
blind item reveals ray j was cheating on princess love at chris brown house with two women!
is going to beat his a*s, again
is corruption pay to pay for foreign governments is treason 9.17.1787
don't know the facts, but certainly inspired many companies &amp; others into partnerships 4 change
i had a dream that i had my septum pierced and it looked cute asf this weekend can't come fast enough
for all you're piercings
holy crap. shame on msnbc. deep shame. expect comment from
you cant shame the shameless. if anyone should know this its you
this is a bad time to be innocently shopping for a pressure cooker.
or living anywhere in new jersey.
cody one of these is about playing counterstrike on an otc drug
this is my favorite. or the one about meth. it's prob useful to note i don't drink, smoke, etc.
justin bieber got the iphone 7-seven
that's what i heard
i love whataburger...
you just earned so many points in my book juliette
whoa, where is that? haha!
it central booth in the exhibit hall.
and don't forget thinks your overreacting youdonthaveallthefacts!!!
... the incident i was referring to has nothing to do with the terrorist bombs in ny and nj.
i would consider paying to use the twitter official apps if i could pay to avoid seeing ads.
but that still leaves the problem of not being able to easily access lists, manage mutes more effectively, etc.
predatory lending..... its funny how people are doing as their forefathers! hes from a bloodline of thieves....
'when affirmative action was white': uncivil rights
guys are evil
i got respek alright just don't go down that road, y'all askin for it lol
.where is the irs audit letter?
wouldn't be surprised if he produced a fake letter. did the same at the debates re trump u bbb ratings.
i've come across a ridiculous statement about explosives from usa today "persons manufacturing explosives for their own personal use"
what kind of personal use! i don't need a license or permit to make things explode for personal reasons.
i will bake cookies for whoever does my pre calc homework !! :)
send it to me!
i can take look at it for you. do you mind if i dm you for more information? ^heidi
yes, please. thanks for helping me
hell, i prefer taking the head off to converse with people. it just feels polite? but i'm just a cosplayer what do i know \()/
&gt;not having a fursuit with fully integrated positive-flow ventilation, cold-water radiator circulator, and camelback &gt;2016
i'd rather be hit by lightening than wear those
not to be confused with "lightning," which can be very harmful.
dirty rice w sausages/shrimp/beans, sweet potatoes, chicken and mushrooms and spinach, baked tilapia, steamed veg
i want to eat.
"the lesson she passed on to me was simple but powerful: no one gets through life alone." -hillary on her mom
practive what you prach
i was just a year old when os 9 came out.
i was...older.
check out this first listen of "skylark" thanks to ! is out this friday!
good luck with this miss kristen. i know it'll slay!!!
hugh hefner! i've been to locations in sf/oakland before but never one with space for chairs and tables. so glad you're here.
thanks for the support!
how many phones does he own?
he probably has a lot
opening speaker .
thanks, marisela!
we're talking about unit testing in data structures, 60% of my internship was writing unit tests
this is so accurate. whenever i did a project it was always 20% writing code, 80% testing
does anyone at one bills drive keep their mouth shut? every time i'm on twitter there's a new "report." they're a bunch of gossiping hsers
i think it is just made up for clicks
batman v superman, man. that movie is going to last. it will have legs
the "excalibur" thing has been bothering me since day one and they blew it wide open
after today's news that prosecutors say christie lied about bridgegate, his rnc speech plays a little differently.
when you have a you need a
what i'd like to do is start a version of berkshire hathaway and buy up companies selling at less than tbv.
good idea! honestly i find that value isn't enough, you need execution / momentum / adoption or product validation too.
our next president needs to have the right temperament to meet the challenges we face.
you might~just might~have right temperment with massive amounts of the drugs you're on now!!
should i get my nose pierced (stud)
for all you're piercings
when we work together, we will trump hate.
trump didn't jump the gun he has a way of seeing hings before they happen
we just had lunch at a chinese restaurant with from and he ate his fortune.
you look like a man who can no longer trust the future.
a cab driver recently convinced me that quadrophenia is the best album ever, and encouraged me to write an op-ed on...
my cab driver told me never to believe cab drivers
awesome to see that the is $399 and waterproof without a housing. good price, great feature set.
woo.almost bought a gopro last week for tahoe trip. accidently put wrong case on my gopro3 black when my kid used it underwater.
why does your head and face look the same in every pic
hahah do you mean the tilt and the illusion that i have no eyes yeah i wish i knew
i think imma just keep as much of my stuff as i can in my car instead of storage the box with my clothes is all the way in the back tho...
i just now realised how risky it is moving all those boxes almost myself, i totally couldve fell and gotten squished or someth
there's a small amount of b-12 in beer. if you drink several gallons per day, you get enough b-12 (assuming you live).
and to think it's the one alcoholic drink i still haven't gone back to. i make such poor life decisions.
i did my homework i feel accomplished
proud of you
when did she make this statement?
pak has nukes,india has brahmos.even on chinese border.time to get unfriendly with neighbors.letus cleanshit
that punim!!
that's me, your favorite goy!!
never was the one to be all cheesy and shit about my girlfriend cuz most of the time ion like fuckers knowing what me and my bby doin but...
but i love the fuck out my princess and shit i'd tell the world about me and her cuz we finna do big th...
we have to stand up to this hate. we have to send a clear message: america is better than this. america is better than donald trump.
donald trump is amrica and not you
i just walked into one of our 5th grade classrooms &amp; the kids saw my attack on titan hoodie &amp; started screaming the wings of freedom. bless.
ahh, fifth graders; the era when the weeaboo was strong within our youth.
the giants are in freefall:
the 5 sweetest words in baseball.
i could go on with other examples, but my point: today is no cupcake, but we overstate dangers compared to near pas...
would you say white americans are in more danger today than they were in 1970 (other than from the soviet union)?
so what would you suggest idiot? no medical treatment? this is reality elliot!
your obviously a liberal asshole
i should also clarify that ios capitalised mac automatically and not me. obviously capital letters are very anti-millennial
no caps allowed unless you're yelling at someone then all caps only
we will be there!
check our curriculum on defying the nazis!
gotta think about it lol..
yeah...how is work? do you work 6 days a week too?
the presence of "deplorable" in any twitter handle or bio is a certain guarantee of poor reasoning and ahistorical talk-radio rhetoric
like they are proud of it
...how about if isis is using information hacked from your 'wickey,' (unsecured) home server, rather than anything else?
# hillaryclinton you cannot 'prove' squat, but it certainly isn't from your wickey, unsecured home server...riiiiiiiiiiight???
somali muslims harass an american citizen walking on the streets of minnesota. brought these "refugees" in.
funkin ass kids go back home
i think that means that legally we can tell people we are that age.
fair enough! i get carded all the time, but to be fair, they will card anyone who looks under 60 in nyc.
then there's this. cousins locked in across the middle all day. sean lee nearly comes away with the int:
both games he's been very off, looks nothing like he did last season. and has so many weapons to choose from.
i've seen dumber...and also talked to them.....
you can just @
thanks for having us , keeping us busy on our us adventures!
always a pleasure! come again!
i don't know which is worse, dealing with trucking companies or our fantastic government!
or a certain bad thing
i have all morning shifts now since they have me opening, but it feels good to leave early
too early for me
"my face after being changed at sf lobby because there are no facilities at the gents'"
there aren't any in the ladies either
yeah we got beef
i'll never like another solid 'gram from you again!
yes exactly that lol. every pic you take lmao
it's the story of my life
idk what to do after work
get home before it rains?
i'm coming to nyc for a week during new years. meet up?!
ummm yessss! hit me up as soon as you get out here!
this is scandalous, but i don't know hedberg at all.
unfortunately he's no longer with us but he's fantastic
for what it's worth, i love elle. i'm no tambivalent about every fall prestige movie.
if that's a prestige movie, then i'm excited for awards season
i agree but i don't think he can let his self go out like that, he finished his college career hurt ..cant do the nfl same way
he aint got nothing to prove to nobody and he aint winning no ring
kinda like the founding fathers?
those who are naturalized american swear allegianc 2 flag, nation &amp; constitutn. if they terrorize, theyr traitors
people are really scared af to make eye contact lmao
eye contact is important
0.o i'm not even sure what i just watched...
trust me, it's all artys-fartsy and brilliant. like this masterpiece:
please please be careful okay?
tysm dad i'll be careful the next time i go!!!!
clinton wooing millennials. if you're a young voter just not that into her, would love to hear your thoughts ....
young voter still having difficulty with the idea of holding my nose for hrc but am also terrified of trump
happy birthday to my fave neighbor thanks for being weird ily
ily forced friend
. introduces panel on intersectional solutions-connecting dots on violence
congrats. so amazing!
a big problem for the effort to convince people to give giant robo a try is the fact that the title is 'giant robo'.
to be fair, anyone who isn't interested after the title + a description + the ost isn't worth convincing anyway
does ice cream count for lunch?
i eat ice cream for breakfast,got blue marble organic in the fridge... =]
happy birthday!!! hope its a great one ily!!
thanks sam!!
do senior traditions mean anything anymore lmao
what traditions?
poll: trump leads clinton by 2 nationally
that means 12 pts
so... wrong 1/4 still an f
but it's still almost passing.
every time it rains i discover a hole in my sole
not a sp error. or is it?
somebody reveal to jared wyand that statistics show immigrants have a lower crime rate than native-born americans.
people like are allergic to facts. he doesn't particularly care to find nuance; just exploit tragedies to justify his bigotry.
...how about if isis is using information hacked from your 'wickey,' (unsecured) home server, rather than anything else?
you cannot 'prove' squat, but it certainly isn't from your wickey, unsecured home server...riiiiiiiiiiight???
happy birthday ally !! have great day love you can't wait to celebrate your 16th bday on saturday !!...
thank you fi love you so much
happy birthday buzzo tu dont be too lit to where you cant pull out
lmaoo hell yeah bro thanks i appreciate it no worries my girl on bc miss you man!!
not even close lol
see this where we start going at it
that's why i like a woman, emotionally mature &amp; can fix a issue.
same age group aren't meant to be together.
schwarmy is now an official combination of smarmy, wormy and schwarma. use as needed.
schwarma, what is that thing?
this reminded me i'm running one in a few months best of luck!!!
nice!! which one? honestly, i mostly sign up because i love that training mentality so much. it goes so beyond fitness.
ye pretty pathetic my xb1 am was double
mine was 1 years before you and it was 200.
well look at you . sounds like my kind of wife
she wan smoke my dope ayeee let her smoke my dope
suddenly a wild appears
ha! lord. which one was this?
is it politically correct to say this was a bomb, or will cnn chastise me?
maybe it was a gigantic fart
i didn't spend a moment on the set w/o knowing exactly how lucky i was to be there. congrats to the team on a much deserved win!
sure seems to call-out carreerists and time-servers.
hillary clinton's weakness while she was secretary of state, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont:
where is your audit letter from irs? don't fake it like you did at the debates on trump u bbb rating.was fact checked as bs
florida ag asked trump for donation before nixing fraud case
former texas official says he was told to drop trump university probe
america is burning! not a word from no. i terrorist muslim obama!!!
mentally retarded hill singing the old song of blame, muslim obama's legacy!
do you denounce muhammad's call to subjugate, convert, or kill all non-believers? yes or no?
do you denounce biblical passages encouraging the execution of gay men? yes or no, jackass
hmm this raises tough questions about what all those cops were doing at the bar
at 930 am no less
true, but if tbv could be validated as correct, buying below that would at least guarantee a minimum return if liquidated.
i agree. no quarrels. i've just seen microcaps with solid balance sheet's erode their value by backing bad products
am i the only one who doesn't even want to think about edelman at qb (in an emergency situation)? he's so important to the offense.
true. maybe with gronk back it'd ease the pain but man... any word on gronk for thursday btw?
simply caring is not enough. to drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws.
you are fighting for children? whtt about your own grandchildren. when do you have the time to give to chelsea or your grand
happy here's some photos from the last two weekends,hope you have a frantastic day!
omg who the girl in the last pic w u
what genre you looking for
any really, as long as it's a good read. bio's, psychology, philosophy, fiction, romance...
do you denounce biblical passages encouraging the execution of gay men? yes or no, jackass
your shitty religion is violent, too, so just fuck off.
so 's cookbook came in the mail today, and i am now very excited to be hosting thanksgiving this year
seriously my favorite cookbook!
taako has secret freckles
sun freckles....
before spotify and rdio there was musicmatch jukebox... i spent so many hours with it in my youth... bevel overload!
it's got nothing on winamp... does musicmatch whip any animals' asses?
i've picked up scooby, flintstones, future quest and most of wacky. scooby has been good. 90's teen horror feel
i'd rank them future, scooby, flintstones, wacky. genre: classic, fun horror, social satire, dark humor/horror
in a democracy, if you want to help the greatest number of people, you have to push for reform from both the outside-in and the inside-out.
keep on bringing in the muslims as they will be amricas downfall
did they ever say, "its simple! all you need is spanner!"
haha one said the intense complexity was a mistake, the other said it was worth it. both acknowledged it tho!
lmao i took this pic at the brib i was in last night because it made me feel patriotic and warm on the inside
i want this in my house. where can i find something like this?
'we want to discourage the snowflake nature of jenkinsfile so shared ownership is easier"
hey, i was there too, didn't catch you. i'll talk about 2 tomorrow (focusing on pipeline demos), see you there?
schwarma, what is that thing?
i used to think that was the leg of some enormous, grotesque creature.
thanks my brother...what's goin on w/the terrorist attacks going on in nyc past 24 hrs?! pipe bombs in subways.. sh...
crazy city on high alert this morning they
when did the swag begin? who started dressing you?
wait..what?? i'm wearing a t shirt
my church uses kjv. we are not jerks about it. we have open communion. any believer may partake.
thanks jim, i was just interested if it was a primary issue, it seems it is not.
shoutout to to the main bae! can't wait for you to come back
can't wait either. love ya b i'll miss you
hey let's go hit some trails this weekend !
i'm gonna be volunteering for the air show this weekend!
it's kind of gross for you to be boasting of a terrorist attack sponsored by your gov't. honestly. it's foul.
. sick minds are incurable!
no one gets through life alone. we have to look out for each other and lift each other up.
like everything else this was a scripted photo like all others are
dammit! shot multiple times and still didn't die. racist bullets i guess. amiri tell?
i hear ya, "grumpie!!" they're stupid enough to keep in power inturn keeping them down!!
link didn't work at first..
i reckon the nixie may be best for me once it is released.
conway is one thing. here's , an official party head, pushing blatant falsehoods about birtherism:
liar liar pants on fire reince.
former texas official says he was told to drop trump university probe
how bad are the charges against trump university? really bad.
i noticed how the internal revenue service has outsourced their claims department to ! wonder if they'd acc...
i got a call from the "justice department" who said police will be at my door. still waiting...
nah...he's nothing like hrc...trump would make nixon turn over in his grave.
the guy tells unnecessary lies like having hundreds of friends die on 9/11 he is a psycho!
you only won cuz aj green decides to do nothing.
oh and your fucking kicker and cam newton blew the fuck up. grrrr
watching user testing videos of people reading a story i wrote makes me feel like i live in the future. also: super uncomfortable.
you have a focus group now?
obviously there were huge racial and environmental problems that went along with it, but still that number is striking.
you just described the reason for trump
thanks my brother...what's goin on w/the terrorist attacks going on in nyc past 24 hrs?! pipe bombs in subways.. sh...
released photo of terror suspect happens not far
the thing about traveling alone in spain is that i eat so many olives by myself
olive them?
why is it that the us is not helping the ukraine in this effort? i know the us is not the police of world buy on this...
because of this:
just wondering if you can pull up those passages or at least tell me what book in the bible they are in?
leviticus 18:22.
if i want to look nice for class, ima look nice for fucking class. i hate people who are like. "you doing the most." no bitch, suck my ass.
how is me flexing imposing you from living your life? like, why you worried bout mine?
it is not legal for taxpayers to pay for her protection.
so who is paying his supporters?? mr self funding.
lesson-everyone is terrible if you give them enough time.
you either die a hero...
leaving one organization in the middle of the night , then all the details before during and around motorcycle
all water under the bridge man!! he gets louisville to playoff and people forget all of it
game is an easier target, drake is highly unpredictable
yeah but i mean the song in general. drake's diss track was just a bad sound
lowkey want my tongue pierced
stop contemplating it so much for all you're piercings
how does that compare to the exponentially greater packaging and shipping waste?
i don't know, but keep in mind many of these companies have reusable packaging...
don't say that
the little part or the hanging part
when trump does these hanger things, he has a roped-off platform area. any views of the crowd here?
there was a crowd????
this kid in my accounting class is super fucking annoying and i saw him wearing a "make america great again" hat and it all made sense.
fuck him up cort
you do so much for people and all they do is stab you in the back.
do shit for yourself cousin
all these pics were from like 2 years ago
ok truth is i'm just bored at work.
shes been tweeting
i am at the social good summit about to do panel w $gsk's moncef slaoui! catch us on ltr :)
. then, u get trump for potus ~there ya go! this adult woman usaf vet understands not everyone's 'hero' is perfection
stop gaslighting. i live in ny, a state hrc will win by double digits. i'm not dumb enough to fall for fear mongering.
okay, good. i dont want you getting hurt ;_;
omg tysm... i appreciate it holy fuck!!
really not a fan of people using my pictures in a before and after/"motivational" way.
:-( that sucks. either way, you did look freaking amazing last night!
old testament law abrogated by christ's gospel?
ah, so jew god is the bad god. do you denounce judaism, then? what about the inherently-violent concept of hell?
i guess they don't have chopped cheese out there lol
but didn't they live in nyc before?
no one gets through life alone. we have to look out for each other and lift each other up.
it doesn't even look like you
jenna just pierced her ear with a thumbtack i'm done
smh.. hows that looking? for all you're piercings
...boxed madden genesis games, sonic 2 etc. lately, i've noticed they have basically nothing anymore.
based on ebay prices yes
that sounds like a good plan, i feel like going back to bed
right? that's all i wanna do lol.
not to my school..,
to you, it should be
because of this:
our system allows for support to be had from congress to the pentagon, but in the end it's one person's decision
this is a huge help, thanks so much! ahhh pro's!!
cool, hope it's useful monica
behind the scene shot of malted chocolate punch cups from ...
love the title!
but just because you profile someone doesn't give you the right to go &amp; arrest people based on a profile!
if nypd knew "terrorists" they'd be watching for evidence not politicizing it, i would hope!
ah, so jew god is the bad god. do you denounce judaism, then? what about the inherently-violent concept of hell?
if you think those with different beliefs than you burn for all eternity, you're violent too.
foer for making $$ off being a neurotic jewish shitstick while aping, &amp; devaluing, the very ideals that he supposedly champions
i miss getting all of your hot takes in person
leaks are quite eye opening.... maybe not for you ?
yes &amp; no. big difference between suspecting something &amp; knowing it for certain.
absolute fiction
tommy, if i said the sky was blue would you correct me, too? :)
what? that's exactly what he wrote.
go back and re-read. a "trusted front-office executive from one nfl team" said that to king.
"no one will work harder to make your life better. i'll never stop, no matter how tough it gets." -hillary
why not start denying muslims to come to america
hey, that's a good idea! i have one device that has retained my shortcuts, so i'll try editing each one and see if they propagate.
i've verified that that works, just add a letter to each of them, hit save, then re-edit to remove.
...never mind he's a naturalized citizen who has spent a majority of his life in nj...
fact that hes terrorizing is enuf 2 strip him of usa citizenship &amp; deport him. any1 who defends him is a radical.
expect trump to bring this up at 3pmet rally today in fort myers area, per trump aide
including fred trump's father and melania trump.
i like girls and guys. why is that such a problem for people?
you do you girl! don't worry what other people have to say!! love ya!
matrix movies are based on this philosophy. there is one unchanging entity and only that is real.
world which is ever changing its like a dream/simulation. we need to look past the simulation.
disrupting . wants to be the for spaces via
thanks for the mention, carl :)
discard it for all other contexts or changes.
def. of 'rape' did not "change" per se, but fbi changed data-collection methods.
the flood of suggestions on her timeline from supporters who know he's clueless beyond a speech
why a trump victory in november is a virtual certainty
i suggest 'at the dark end of the street'
by mcguire?
hey! i'm testing the twitter changes, but they don't seem to have gone into effect quite yet.
not yet. they did announce these changes though:
. not big hillary fan (view my past tweets) but, i've hired a lot of people~treat it like a job interview~i hire her
i'd rather leave the position open then settle for less than the best. but hey you do what you've got to.
rep. steve king says families should be excluded from trump's proposed child-care tax credit.
another deplorable person.
where should i go to get my belly button pierced?! anyone?
to me.. where a piercing becomes
i saw the cp 23 pidgey on insta
hehe that was funny wasn't it
introducing the ! the bomber for the 21st century!
. based on the current air force procurement record, will it be ioc but unable to drop bombs once 2040 rolls around?
's father was in afghan mujahideen but hated taliban, neighbor says
was he ok with isis though?
i figured it would be two teams you hated in one pic.
don't hate cowboys we share city with giants so that's a different story
on a sufficiently long time horizon, the way you'll win is by helping everyone you know win.
reminds me of the adage: "a rising tide raise all ships."
i worked for the dept. of social services i see the crumbs black veterans receive. they are experimenting drugs on...
medical apartheid is alive and well in some public hospitals and for those on public aid such as medicaid and va care
3.7 million people work remotely. wants to be the uber of the red hot coworking space market -&gt;
thanks for the shout out james!!
bobby tables db cleaning service
don't even need to provide access, just tell what is your website
because of this:
which means this election has important consequences:
u.i remember.trump turned so red when he was caught lying.
he thinks ppl are as stupid as he is. just like when a child lies they think they are fooling adults.
a millennial venture capitalist's fiasco - my latest (and a co-byline!) w/ and
impressive piece of journalism lauren! well done. hope the gp money is still there. may turn out ok.
world which is ever changing its like a dream/simulation. we need to look past the simulation.
knowledge is the means to looks past the simulation.
on a sufficiently long time horizon, the way you'll win is by helping everyone you know win.
reminds me of the adage: "a rising tide raises all ships."
discard it for all other contexts or changes.
your def. is what it is, a parameter for data-collection by the fbi.
can i have my own room?
of course you can you gotta share rooms with my daddy
in little haiti - is holding a listening session. great crowd - everyone enjoying the conversation.
you mean a lying session?
thanks, megan. this should be mentioned every time, it is very misleading not to!
they should take the mean from the past 30 yrs and tell us if we are over or under
picking a winner for this in 1 hour! if you haven't entered already now is your chance
puhlease
hell yeah, turn the fuck up avery!
you already know, appreciate it big bro
i don't remember: who killed silas?
cray donna mills baby!!
yo like for real wtf is wrong with the nfl lately, is nobody drinking their milk? all these injuries smh take your p's and q's people
they need that bumper cars training
you're welcome!!
the student becomes the teacher
above all, learn how absurd it is to use a source while it agrees w you but
my source was also the fbi's def. of 'rape' in regards to data-collection.
so unless you think there is no such thing as a useless degree or one in a flooded market my point stands.
every degree has a use, it's just whether you can get paid for it
breaking bad was a great show but isn't nowhere near game of thrones.
i aint caught up at all thats prolly why. but walt still a legend
when americans get knocked down, we get right back up again. we refuse to quit-no matter what. that's the spirit we need in this election.
that is just not true anymore. we have been knocked down so many times by obama we don't have whait it takes to jump righ tb
it sounds like a diss to me
it's called radio .... my tagging was how ur supposed to do it
lets do it and get some in n out
down what're you doing today
don't understand your question
if it is illegal then who is paying i wonder.
bye guys gonna try to get a headstart on wednesday's homework
dude in drowning in hw i should've dropped the music class like val said
"i knew at that point that it was as important to him for her to come home as it was to us."
a little late for you to be tweeting black and hispanic faces
my source was also the fbi's def. of 'rape' in regards to data-collection.
however, just because they may no longer use it, i am using it now.
lol game is kinda too old for this
meek giving these dirty niggas hope lol
mma calm down, it inspires some people.. and i never knew blogging was petty stuff in d 21st century..
i'm a blogger. its my opinion. you don't need to agree.
i added a video to a playlist soft drink lucky dip suc frut
how goes so far, dude?
"intense complexity"?
my words, but basically that achieving exactly once was incredibly difficult and made the system unwieldy
any book by robert greene
seduction is on my list
i feel getting rid of c style loops was much more than an academic exercise. better for compiler and humans.
yeah i really see nothing wrong in keeping them. like, why do you want them? specific case?
the charred detail in this halloween ii room is mind-blowing. what's your favorite room at ?
less than a month
.'s, minutes from , , , offers delicious treats before a busy day.
likewise for dinner after a packed day with my fellow ...
if you're an american patriot who opposes "cultural marxism/communism yet praises/promotes putin as "christian" then you're very confused.
-i don't know why people who call themselves conservatives or libertarians would support vladimir putin!
no. i simply used a quick name. my point was that many don't have jobs because they have useless degrees.
again, lots of topics are "useless" by themselves. it's not just one discipline
one of the really astonishing things about watching atlanta was the scene in the jail holding room.
next on my list of shows to watch
it's chukka season!
i'm wearing mine right now... under a three piece suit!
if you think those with different beliefs than you burn for all eternity, you're violent too.
it is literally embarrassing that you condemn islam but not christianity. look into colonial history. christians are violent.
i'm thinking that this enables twitter to address the new digital accessibility rules
don't think the char limit is related since descriptions haven't counted against char limit since they were introduced.
upcoming shows sep 20 - ridgefield, wa sep 22 - salt lake city, ut sep 24 - phoenix, az sep 25 - albuquerque, nm se...
10 points for writing ridgefield and not portland
this actually is good news. zimmer didn't rule ad out this week.
highly doubtful he plays less than a week after sustaining that type of injury. sounds to me like a jason garrett type of answer.
will make america great again!
...proving once again, . got "more-shit-than-a-christmas-goose!!"
my man made made my day with this. hopefully the bears will represent sweetness well tonight.
bears being worse than the lions is one of the few things i can be happy about still.
trump's campaign dropped a new ted nugent ad that you have to see to believe
why shud i watch that shit, so i can give them more "views." i think not.
west valley it is.
what happened to de anza
i'm gonna start a gofundme account to get josh dobbs some money for a wig
no. please do not. wait until after the game.
so it's only terrorism when muslims do it, not christians? cool.
obviously u defend muslim terrorism. do u wear a rag on ur head too? &amp; call it religion. pig bitch.
it would be a bit on the easier side tbh. depends on how long before he realized he was still on the stream
he took a slumper that's for sure
maybe this will brighten your monday
oh this certainly did
yeah, that all is pretty standard; ventilation fans in heads, phase change gel cooling vest, camelback. even so, head off to talk
oh wow, i was trying to shitpost but that's actually p cool
this is confirmation that there is evidence, from both sides so christie not only lied he mocked us it begins
and let's not forget the $25 million in taxes he let dump get away with.
would love to be in such good company
of course! done!
"i'm hillary clinton and i've always approved this message."
you are not hillary clinton
seeing some haze here in the east bay with a yellow tinge to it...sobranes fire smoke drifting north?
yeah that's what we're thinking. mostly confined aloft though.
plus im betting every victim wishes they had a gun with them at the time.
the recruitment attack proved even having one doesn't mean you can draw in response.
i understand poor people will be exempt. most tax income will come from rich buying expensive items and corps buying computers etc
it also encourages the rich to squirrel away money
only crash should have songs about him.
look, i'm just trying to reach out to some wrestling fans. let me know if i can shit on anything you're trying to accomplish.
its top 10 for sure
yeah ty be trynna tell me but i keep slacking
this is what you get for taking a day off
this is just how the crumbles
well it is a server built out a mishmash of old parts, so it's in that ad-hoc sort of vein.
does it have a ~groovy~ decal on the side with its name if not, it should
he absolutely said that
go back and re-read it, money. a "trusted front-office executive from one nfl team" said that to king. not king himself
i'm not giving up on this dream! let me know what i can do to make this happen. hope you have a splendid week!
: i figure i can write it out, take its picture, then post on twitter as a jpg.. :d yes?
the truly deplorable thing in this race is the shameful level of condescension &amp; disrespect 's showing to her fellow citizens
the truly deplorable thing is the shameful level of condescension &amp; disrespect donald trump has shown to all
what happened to de anza
it was an option but i don't want to do a quarter system
should be per unit instead of per building. might just be that distribution of building sizes changed in 2007.
sf's is $72k per unit, the highest in the country.
tell me what you're about in one tweet . one sentence solution, one sentence why.
. identifies what's not working in every business unit &amp; crowd-sources solutions directly from customers &amp; employees.
however, just because they may no longer use it, i am using it now.
fbi is not an authority, so what are you placing all significance on their def.?
rt if your impostor syndrome has been acting up lately
honestly it's just sheer luck that i even have imposter syndrome.
i barely passed my freshman year. it sucks. schools need to be more open with mental health
the unfortunate story is that they often care once it's too late
the always interesting joins me on my show tomorrow.
what show is that?!?!?
then you got this fat fuck sean kingston talking shit. this guy begged me to walk him to his car one night, scared to death!!
...next podcast all these jamokes are getting ethered my brother
do i go out with a cute boy tonight or sleep
or do i sleep with a cute boy tonight . the opportunities are endless
you was bbq chicken yesterday
dont know what you speak of
shame on for this headline. should inc "false" "lie" or equiv. cc
more sophomoric journalism.
that looks like a really fun toy! you're kitties are very cute.
thank you very much!
perspective genius. 1.8 billion follow a deathcult. seen orthodox jews and christians terrorizing the world???
yes. see: u.s. foreign policy
accidentally spilt my expensive and uttermost pre-workout straight to the floor... happy monday
i would have scooped it up and still used it lmao because i'm cheap sometimes
what is the difference between pcf and docker?
what is pcf?
life is hard without all the foods we can get in malaysia
it's real when it's coming from the major food pic retweeter herself :(
yes. see: u.s. foreign policy
see: israel foreign policy
.'s "hag-seed" (for ) is bliss, joy, magic, wonder:
: thank you! so happy you enjoyed it!
however, just because they may no longer use it, i am using it now.
and the 2010 def. seems to match us laws on rape.
whaa?? i'm gonna be a great-aunt?!
welcome to the "great" club
stick to takin that tones tool on your cheekbone girlie.
try again. tysm.
no blacks in this movie cuz we don't do that dumb shit
no cause blacks don't go to college lmao
people like chris hayes should be executed along with our filthy, fucking politicians.
its deplorable moron like u who shld b executed. d world would b a lot btter w/o hateful morons like u.. really.
and the 2010 def. seems to match us laws on rape.
rape is an inherently male perpetrated act.
how bad are the charges against trump university? really bad.
court stenographer
do i go out with a cute boy tonight or sleep
or both . so many choices so little time
totally understand your disillusionment but you must vote. one way or the other... your vote is your voice.
i appreciate you understanding. but what if a vegetarian is given a choice between steak and chicken
obama earlier: "our prayers go out to all of those who have been injured"
is obama for real! of past and present, obama has no regard for christians or jews! for a tree is known by its fruit. mathew 12:33
is there a guide for plants in canada?
. there are many, but let's ask .
voting 3rd party isn't option to it'll be a hate &amp; fear filled world if you vote him in
i'll never waste my vote on a candidate who can't even muster up enough support to participate in the debates.
it's ok. you're not an experienced transplant, like i am.
i think my stamen should be a pistil.
i'm furious we gave him the dignity of a bow tie.
i chose to read it as a problem child reference.
although it looks like the kind of project that never gets off the ground. has a bad experience with the lily drone..
i'm in the land of customer service... which helps when things don't work like they are meant to.
i feel getting rid of c style loops was much more than an academic exercise. better for compiler and humans.
i really see nothing wrong with ditching them. what value do they add? can you give me a specific case?
journo innumeracy always kills me. slight % ownership decline + large population increase == more guns in more hands
if you're talking ratios then a percentage decline is "fewer hands", though. otherwise you're mixing ratios and incidences.
to all war savy twitter warriors
is indian army a showpiece?
60%+ is passing??? 60%-25% is 35%??? hella far from passing haha
but... the hat.
kind of like how doctors believed in phrenology in 1900, but have since learned better in 2016!
you have freedom of belief, as do i, as do they.
so, you're getting a kinder, gentler machine gun guitar.
that he allowed and indeed furthered the harm's way for all, is his debt now
he who is a he who is a bully is a incites violence
thanks for the &amp; when very young i learned to publicly the bully &amp; it proved the inside
fisher bound for my 21st next wednesday
to see me obviously
real talk thanks for your constant support
major s/o &amp; thanks brother for the invite we'll meet again ....
your solo was awesome tonight!
queenie dr may's solos have been great for over 40 years!!!
absolutely nowhere is my handwriting worse than in my notary journal.
me literally every time i have to go see our cfo:
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
how did your grandfather get through the system? was a military dodger too. then set up shop as a pimp in the klondikes.
except of course the idea that mickey doesn't give a s***
right now, this is where i stand on the election. [h/t ]
the only thing i really accomplished in my 30s was getting chubby
i have seen you on the street and completely false.
would love to be added if super white passing biracial latinxs are welcome
we welcome anyone who identifies as latinx! regardless of their skin color. ;)
kind of like how doctors believed in phrenology in 1900, but have since learned better in 2016!
define "better". i am christian science, so i perhaps wouldn't agree with "better".
bro! ima get it today smfh lol neeeeds dat! where u gon b at later ima swing by if u home
ill be in the crib bro lol
axwell will be playing on november 4th. tickets go on sale this wednesday, september 21st at 9.00am pst...
very close to nyc !!!
also, i meet voters *all the time* who forget that the senate gop has a scotus blockade and the next president can flip the court in january
big if there...if the senate changes to dem control.
easy, dave.
present company excepted, of course.
i like that mentality a lot but have been struggling to commit the energy into fitness as opposed to code, friends, etc etc.
same here re: balance. that's why i signed up
if you think you had a bad night please look at where i needed to go and the route my uber driver took to get there
i would be
ditto. bendis lives. for now.
now they gotta bring back she rulk, hell bring back all the gamma beings
yup, nailed it
i kinda don't like "bi" because it's generally associated with equivalent sections, but there isn't else.
dude, calm i'm just playing around
oh, i'm aware. i'm not heated about it. i'm just not interested in wasting my time.
kahit paos i shall sing for comm3 auditions tomorrow this is my tribute for you a.w. hbd, u legend!
wow, singer! good luck :-)
kind of like how doctors believed in phrenology in 1900, but have since learned better in 2016!
we've also learned that a clitoris is what causes masturbation in females. solution?
why he tried to play me
its all love baby
excellent idea and thinking. subsidies don't have to be much at hi income levels;just enough to make all feel bargain
urban's holahan &amp; blumberg proposed, and clinton vaguely adopted, cap on premiums as % of income.
isn't $7.33 per sf very low for retail in palo alto?
that's probably per month?
. all sorted now, thanks. great from james and the team at leeds trinity today and on friday.
went on to apple upgrade program myself this year. heard wasn't great experience for first time upgraders this year!
my new fav tweet
it's my favorite tweet as well
connor just uploaded yes
i'm the 287 view wtf this is a first
refuses turn taxes-foreign investors,cheating,conning everyone
he will be releasing his taxes nov 7, you can wait
if you're sure all your stuff is working all the time why did you sign up for monitoring?
so we can start breaking stuff!
wtf i remember when this was posted. this was so long ago
thats what i said my mind got fucked i was like lol i remember that 3 months ago oh wait 20 fucking 14
we are many bad things. this is not one of them.
and hell of lot funnier
twinning today for staff development day breakout sessions. we couldn't find the adorable and her...
two of our favorite twinsies!!!
someday, saying 'ok, google, shut down all trash compactors on the detention level!" will do something interesting. that day is not today.
substitute with "alexa.." ?
we think both in terms of engaging workers &amp; managers &amp; how hp supports that engagement. ...
typo! how hcm supports that experience, not hp! :-)
just @ me brah! and they're far superior to regular potatoes!!!!! far superior!!!!!
i just met you, and this is crazy, but they're terrible.
that'll be in ya email next 30
dope artwork bro long time no speak
how did your grandfather get through the system? was a military dodger too. then set up shop as a pimp in the klondikes.
germany wouldn't take him back when he wanted to return. sent back to us. too bad he had to return. you wouldn't be here.
some of my fav dream punx are in san francisco tonight ~ insane lineup ~ cruise the gig
so excited
work is so boring today and after last week i am so damn thankful for that
literally same but i'm so bored idk what's worse lol
maybe they should change their name to the newyorkmountaindewcodereds and actually represent a real beverage for once
think i just found my new favorite twitter
he got me flowers lol something fishy is up.. am i the only female who suspects shit when she gets gifts?
nah i'm suspicious over anything nice . kick his ass
chris christie knew about gw bridge lane closings as they happened, prosecutors said
why wasn't "the lock her up" champion indicted? or recalled?
bitch!!!!! i'm in class and just laughed
i'm trying to laugh through the pain too
lol. hardly a comparison. if you sympathize with these islamic fanatics then join them!
i don't. i just think their religion is no more silly or dangerous than the other two abrahamic religions.
this tweet is a flat out lie. the university fully supports our pride center.
what support? defunding the and not listening to students &amp; prev director. their actions dont show they do.
don't think i've ever felt that faded all your fault for that tequila
ahahahaha "so this bitch named jenny, gives me a cold burrito, and i ate it being a good guy, then sauce spilled on my clothes"
kellyanne conway: birther theory started with campaign | ap photo
hello, redstate started the birther movement
kind of like how doctors believed in phrenology in 1900, but have since learned better in 2016!
doctors still believe in all kinds of sick sadistic shit such as episiotomy, which itself is
keynote needs to better understand what's important for the audience: random people talking prepackaged speeches or actual code...
at the java hub you can actually see real code with proper timing!
also eixample distrcit?
that or greatest launch troll ever
did qpoll provide an urban-rural split on that?
the irony is that urban voters, arguably at higher risk in iconic cities, don't seem to scare as easily.
three kings (, 2000, special edition letterboxed) world ship ...
we have boycotted all george clooney movies!
hello taipei !!! i'm recovered from my food poisoning adventure and ready to rock !!! are you ready ? bri x
thank god you're better !!
hold that fat l virgin
i disbanded lol u care enough to tweet me about a $5 1nd when i beat you all the time
that's exactly me
it was such a good set up for that gif
morgan stanley says the u.s. alcohol industry is poised for a strong next six months.
no, not a recession. trump doesn't drink &amp; he disapproves it. this should be viewed as a good omen.
ordered a new phantom 4 drone through , got an opened box. returned item for new replacement, got another op...
and now i'm expected to hold onto the dead box and wait 5 days until they investigate. shouldn't this be their problem and not mine?
hi guys is there a time window in which it stops working?eg taken 30 min prior to swim how long will it last? ;)
rebekah! we rec. a bottle 30 min pre- race &amp; having another on hand at transitions/key moments you know you cramp!
i think the worst part about this is i legit thought that was my dad for a second
l fully believed it was kevin when i saw it
lol. hardly a comparison. if you sympathize with these islamic fanatics then join them!
the comparison is actually pretty fair. our drone strikes kill innocents regularly.
love that in the year of our lord 2016 people are still calling twitter a "microblogging platform"
the latest trend in the technorati
rockroyalty in taipei &amp; photo:
dr may is the most underrated guitarist of all time!!!!!!
that was obvious the second you said you didn't like bacon!
*curls up in a ball and cries* what is wrong with this world...
i disbanded lol u care enough to tweet me about a $5 1nd when i beat you all the time
u 1gold kids continue to blow my mind
actually you're not an expert on anything anymore and you're hovering at like 36 while i'm 41 :)
fuk i am basically rip...godbless
doctors still believe in all kinds of sick sadistic shit such as episiotomy, which itself is
i wouldn't put any trust in what doctors "currently believe" since they currently believe in
i also got 69% which is shocking since i invented millennials
i won't lie, it was a good quiz
wtf jill stein: clinton more dangerous than trump bc she won't be "neutered by congress" but trump will
-i don't see her getting much support long term. everyone today is "green", they don't need a party dedicated to it.
to admit a thing: part of what horrifies me about not attending every convention i can is the fear of being forgotten/becoming irrelevant
you could exploit the peak/end bias in human memory. way fewer appearances where you're more... uh, apparent?appearant? f'n english
i blocked a man and now he is harassing my friend to get to me because nothing says "nice guy" like being unable to understand boundaries.
i think taking such experiences 2 as public a forum as possible is a reaction
pretty sure i died tonight
there will definitely be a next time
they messaged me back and helped me realize that i did not specifically let it coat my mouth before the race.
thanks for your help spreading the good word :)
i also got 69%, if only i had been unemployed longer and sexted more frequently!!
same if only
so proud of the amazing teamwork and enthusiasm around our breakout session today! so much fun!...
yes! did you all make it out?
this is what happens when my dog hangs out with for the day
would love this 100 times if i could
ugh yas can i come plz
ugh need to see u in the city real soon for a play date, my fave taurus
i also got 69%, if only i had been unemployed longer and sexted more frequently!!
or i spent more time thinking about problematic culture
what the fuck...well some female mad shit. thats nuh uhh. is ur window broken??
you feeeeelme. nah it's not broken and it's only some papers that are missing, not my kicks or anything hella weird
nah i seen do same shit you just need to practice your ranting skills i find them weak
wtf is going on
kellyanne conway: birther theory started with campaign | ap photo
kelly, you really need to cut ties with trump now to manage any semblance of credibility after nov
thank you!!....one thing i do know........a white women &amp; black women with the same degree wont make the same mone...
a b male with a degree and a white high school grad have the same chances of getting a job via
hey kim! we're so sorry to hear this! would you mind dming us your email address?
please follow me so i can dm u thanks!
": he's the only candidate that will keep us safe!"
can't even keep himself safe. now even his daughter need ss protection. who is paying??
i think the reason is the small size? seems the bigger one ships by default in europe.
could they not make the 2.1a smaller...? is that an oversight or a technical limitation?
did u get the new phone? ??
lol, yah, u didn't see my live video?
thanks to my spray tan, when i woke up this morning my sheets looked like kim kardashian had melted in my bed.
that would be more erotic than her sex tape.
i doubt it. but if they earned it honestly and not through crony capitalism or corruption let them do what they want.
uh, you doubt that a higher tax on consumption will deter marginal consumption? are you serious?
got u maino. hope u slayin at adelphi
lol i'm livin bro, i know you slayin at manhattan
nah, her knuckles are still green. just going for effect, i think.
i mean i wouldn't mind gray she-hulk as a part of things, certainly better than like she kluh or guilt-she-hulk
remembering this 14 yr journey as i prep for tonight...choosing to live in the face of stigma...live your truth w/ pride &amp; dignity
soak in every moment of tonight! congratulations!
nah i'm suspicious over anything nice . kick his ass
ima wait until he picks me up and go haaammmm lol
's concern is ok, but the need for recorded rain sounds is a mystery given that his placement is at
strike the rainsounds. make it cheesy tibetan relaxation music. i wouldn't want to come across as missing home.
you don't have minions back home who would pick it up for you?
it's a $75 game. don't feel appropriate putting that on someone.
i don't follow. the number of gun owning households in the us has increased steadily, as have gun sales. more guns in more hands.
but you're less likely to know someone who has a gun, which is more salient. i'm curious what the concentration map is.
i use to hate this lil nigga
he's like my brother too
.hitwitter peep's.. please keep the noise down... i have a headache.. y'all have a lovely day..
seriously?? how can a puppy be this ridiculously cute?? i want it!! :-)
just noticed this, is it design error or system error or supposed to be like that? (victor spelt vikto...
that there's a human error. but i'm gonna say that falls under a statute of limitations.
libertarian admits government spending is a better way to help working class than tax cuts.
though that's not even entirely true. trump could have kept his 0 bracket and expanded standard deduction instead of upper inc. cuts.
look mean so people won't talk to you
ur catchin on
lol, i still keep that around as a backup
my teeth are falling out but that's normal with age right?
i think the dramatic situations themselves, and the fact that they're all you see, is kind of the problem, or a problem,anyway
shows that tried to portray "mundane" but realistic police work -- parking tickets, jaywalking, etc. -- would be canceled...
are you in sf yet for trailblazers? i'm en-route. i owe you a drink on this continent.
yes! in the galvanize workshop today will you be there?
i know it's 2016 but i still get emotional every time ophelia by the lumineers comes on
hey never mind apparently ophelia came out in 2016 ignore everything i say here on twitter dot com
. the left does not understand *tolerance,* which used to me we could debate opposing ideas civilly.
you're free to believe in whatever god you choose, but don't force it on others.
leaders never lead alone. our position as a world power comes from the strength, support &amp; trust of our allies.their risk is our risk cc:djt
in other words, "stronger together?" :-)
hillary clinton's weakness while she was secretary of state, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont:
how will you keep america safe?? inquiring minds want to know. we need to kept safe from you.
can someone help me draft a letter to the designer to ask them why they made fig wasps so underpowered
they were an intern project
matter a fact. when was the last time any of y'all listened to views it it's entirety?
still haven't played it all the way through. i have my 3-4 songs i like, and that's it.
im sry i shouldnt hav assumed :(
you know us men, appropriating everything.
i went to the emmys last night. my life is weird.
you fancy now or something?
when i saw this i was like sit tf down romo lmao
only the second win without him since 2010 lmao. he's taking us to the superbowl
dude this is gross
found it on linda's facebook
shows that tried to portray "mundane" but realistic police work -- parking tickets, jaywalking, etc. -- would be canceled...
and we'd be left with only the sensationalized (one-dimensional) shows. there are shows trying to strike a balance...
a bipartisan prediction
as baudelaire wrote, get drunk so we may not be the martyred slaves of time, get drunk...
i guess this has replaced the "x" logo? haven't seen anywhere else.
i guess we'll find out tomorrow!
as though this isn't the most forked tongue candidate ever
they're both snakes. just one snake has snake plans and the other snake is just winging it.
this is literally a jenny holzer truism in meme form
ok i'll remember this anti scorpio propaganda in the future
yeah, that's probably what i'll do, since i have a plain old 6. the headphone jack thing on the 7 irritates me.
oh i feel you. the 6s is a great compromise.
and we'd be left with only the sensationalized (one-dimensional) shows. there are shows trying to strike a balance...
&amp; i think ignoring that does a disservice to this debate. sometimes to change the system, you have to work within the system.
. the left does not understand *tolerance,* which used to me we could debate opposing ideas civilly.
we're not stoping you from worshipping, but don't force us to live by your rules.
the lions allowed 15/179/4 to tes over the first two weeks. will the packers try to exploit that with jared cook (4/31 in week 2)?
raiders allowed that yesterday alone lol
howie rose with a message for fans on the return of the pb podcast
great start guys!!!! and now we watch the 3pm world cup game...hockey is all around us!!!
yeah, so "it was a good day" by is my new wave porn music cover band.
it made a cover band joke
is there life after new game
new game! season 2: new sysadmin!
"please advise" is still the worst, most passive-aggressive thing to put in an email and an easy way for me to hate you.
how should people end emails? please advise.
or his rape trial.or his charity swindle. or trump u swindle. or why his daughter vacations with putins gf?
140 characters are simply not sufficient. nor are the mini "news" segments.
i feel like we need to bring back the convo
keep everyone updated at the same time
yeah, basically. seems unthinkable to me that i used to enjoy this job. :/
and you shall be again, but fngs can be hard to take
this is a project i've had in my brain for ~10 years and i keep getting super excited and having to reel it in to stay focused
what a fabulous idea! as usual, you're an inspiration~~
definitely! we'll contact you via dm with next steps. thank you and our apologies for any inconveniences.
... still waiting for a response after five business days.
i had a twitter glitch, everybody thought i unfollowed them.
you were not the only one! i had three others that day!
me literally every time i have to go see our cfo:
today's texts from friends, brought to you by the number 15.
but you're less likely to know someone who has a gun, which is more salient. i'm curious what the concentration map is.
i.e., are a slowly growing number owning a more quickly growing %? then you've got a situation analogous to wealth concentration.
i don't think he was talking about me
you could have stopped at think.
lovely 1st amendment violations there.
u are either a muslim or a communist &amp; u are the people that are destroying freedom. bitch.
commissioner o'neill is, as they say, a "cop's cop"-a hard nut with a soft heart.
he is what this city needs. tough, but kind and fair. glad he was on the job just as the chelsea bombing took place.
i have a look going now...so that's not too terrible
i thought you were jeff van gundy
sure! where are you based?
we're at 77 battery st, sf. we have company lunches on friday; this week we're probably going to a nearby restaurant.
would be appreciated
must have been fun getting to work today
this would be bad government - simple agents of their sponsors -the asset strippers
this would be horrible. i grew up visiting nps. my dad is a geologist &amp; helped w/mapping big bend's boarders
smh i didn't have the time bro i was already late for class
i mean not actually kick it down but yeah maybe kick it all good, that note should be enough
he is in to name calling,i call him anaby,jon stewart started that.husband calling reminds you of schoolyard
he even said he still feels like a first grader. never grew up.
anytime it rains i want to just lay in bed all day.
rain has that effect on us lol.
boi, that was the final for the week. you are eliminated!
then why does it say i'm playing some one this week
chip kelly: "we have a lot of confidence in blaine. it's about everyone on the offense playing better."
fuck that he's scared put kap in!
my peeps got to interpret for her the other night. nice
that's very
visiblechanges &lt;3 's comment on your name was "who is this?" ;d
who build this?
leaders never lead alone. our position as a world power comes from the strength, support &amp; trust of our allies.their risk is our risk cc:djt
we know this, so what?
3rd party sellers on amazon are such a crapshoot. :(
this was via amazon prime though.
lovely 1st amendment violations there.
anyone who defends muslim terrorism is an enemy of the unitedstates. u are a piece of shit.
i just want to read about jennifer walters lawyer by day, she-hulk by night. too much to ask? apparently so. geez.
since the announcement mentioned her getting back into legal practice has me hopeful it'll still feel like the jen we love.
holy shit, you are not playing around! 5d mk iii? 70-200 f/2,8 is? man, thats some prime gear my friend!
thanks alpha, they are my pride and joy!!
12lb monster burrito (9,230 calories)
this guy is disgusting
i am fully deceased. the national twitter page quoted me
lmao when you're tweet has been taken to national levels, you're too lit bro
embed this vine in my tombstone
it would be 30 minutes of gay french king jokes.
the spartans getting some respect nationally after beating the irish in south bend, check out vegas odds!
only 3 teams in the nation scare me that we could face. ohio st. bama and l'ville.
the ultimate glossary:
can't wait to see it on tuesday
happy birthday to my brother man love you bro...check his video out man you might recognize to scenery
thank you once again my bro
lol. is the implication that they're poorly educated?
nope sociological observations in us,
algebra is so much easier than geometry, i love it
lol wait til the mid-end of the year
do you think the chase sapphire reserve 100,000 point bonus is here to stay for a while, or will it be lowered soon?
probably not going away anytime real soon in my opinion, but only can respond officially
someone said to me few days ago we will never know when another 911 will happen, and the last few days has been bothering me with the bombs
something like that can happen anytime and anywhere. we all just gotta beware of our surroundings and report suspicious activity
i feel like i am constantly unlocking my iphone. why can't it lock after 5 mins when using touch id, vs immediately?
even when disabling touch id, the home button unlock is a real chore, especially when i want to click into a notification.
beware: even when aa knows the reg # of a plane 24h in advance, seat map may change only 2h before flight.
double beware: when you point this out to aa for a $7900 ticket that resulted in no bed, they will do nothing
obama can text you whenever he damn pleases.
that's right! presidential level alerts can't be disabled. i had to implement that for .
love u but save it for the show not when i'm tryna eat that's why i told ur boy to tell u to stop before i broke ur...
niggas act like you not a normal person at the end of the day let the man eat his noodles in peace
meek mill started having problems when he had a lit bitch . that's why i don't want no lit bitchs
you want a regular shorty right
mets give honor of first pitch to london's muslim mayor -
i was blessed to have been at this game. it's easy to create division...let's work towards unity. go mets!
live on : fusion's with and
people are gonna have to make some real noise to get more people aware &amp; green party in.
i didn't realize i work with
people at my job do this too....in fact they did this:
being a millennial elder, i mostly missed out on the post-college joblessness/living at home.
see i didn't know how to vote on that b/c i was jobless but had an apartment mom and dad paid for
too late merkel you have already ruined germany for decades to come
she joins the other globalist so that need to be thrown into the rubbish bin. can you say failure?
they have indeed!
there is 1 solo he played at a concert at wembley stadium in 1986 that was truly awesome!!!!!
i'm not griping about what's salient. i'm griping about what's factually correct or incorrect :)
it is correct though. fewer of the people you meet are likely to own guns. over time, ratios matter more than incidents.
why is elmo at elvis guesthouse tho
because elmo's actually a 19 year old sophomore at the new school. thrilled to be back at school.
sure! where are you based?
if you'd like to stop by, we usually leave by 11:30, so 11's a good time. dm me if you'd like more info.
it is not the job of the women i work with to answer you on why i blocked you. harassing them to get to me is asinine. leave them alone.
maybe the more men understand how common this type of disrespect is, the fewer will pressure women to treat them as "exceptional"?
nurses came to check up on my grandma while i was working in the kitchen. they asked if i was homeschooled. imma be 12 forever.
i feel your pain
happy birthday, enjoy it ! show love to his new music video ... directed by me x wildside
thank you kmilly, you're a freak behind the lens
consultation bracket cuz you a loser
it was a fluke win boi
chip kelly says offense as a whole was off sunday: "we've got a lot of confidence in blaine. i think he's done some nice things for us."
that was a win ..pull blaine and put kap in
same score as you all. are we sure it gives anything but 69%? have we confirmed other scores?
the first time i took it i got 75
today's work. hair by me | makeup by | artist/models &amp;
this day was everything
fwiw guns are massively cheaper inflation-adjusted than they were 20 years ago. i don't doubt this has an impact on concentration
doesn't that indicate low demand? ;)
you're welcome "alpacas aren't camera shy "
the best! thanks for making my monday!
this always happens after the initial investors invest -- if they knew future at time=0, they'd never invest!
that sounds like a rewording of the definition of "risk".
please rt for my grandson !! ty ! have you heard 'spirits' by sphinx on ? ...
thank you :)
and while christie was us attorney, doing corruption cases...
is it known what type of information he was providing?
prosecutors say chris christie is a criminal. why is he still running trump's transition? via
why? because the candidate is a criminal too.
so many designers &amp; engineers at apple, and yet pages is some of the worst apple software i've ever used. i may just go back to using emacs!
what are your biggest problems w pages? (asks a tech consultant....)
i was actually tryna be serious for once lmaooo
lmao i can never tell
nope, no, nah.
you need the check?
adaa show highlights period he began making multipanel constructions
beautiful post - thank you for sharing!
check out 's video for "heating up"! oh and happy 21st my brother.
thank you my brother
n. virginia &amp; maryland, order from tonight and wake up to groceries tomorrow!
for only $299. a year i'll take my chances in a grocery store!!! they won't charge me and i'll be able to get triple the food!!
yes, anecdotally though i have not observed people all that freaked out about this.
. probably because no one was killed or even seriously injured, fortunately.
we have only one choice to save our nation: donald trump
this guy? 2016/09/06/pretrial-conference-for-donald-trump-rape-lawsuit-delayed/
there's pansexual, but then my convo with muggles becomes a lot more involved
lol. "muggles."
i lost 10 followers in 1 day.
and their lives have improved
was the president reassuring? he said he wanted to be reassure us, calling "isil the failed cause that it is."
- its always a pleasure to see you. i hope america wakes up the the fact, that hrc is backed by islamic nations.
i would like to address the rumors on twitter dot com that i am a nerd. i have never been a nerd. maybe you are the nerd.
you're more of a dork than a nerd imo
type 04271995933 into alpha calc, and hold =. my name shows up on the bottom left. i'm not good at easter eggs.
actually that's pretty good
yea ofcourse... stay tuned
hey grim your douche stay tuned ..naw but really weird.
beyond pissed with my doctor's office bc they denied my request to refill my bc until i make an appointment..
mine did the same until i told them their hours aren't conducive and i work at a hospital.. i offered to have a md do my bp.
donald trump calls former defense secretary robert gates a "clown" and a "mess."
knows nasty guys!
actually, he isn't. america will never elect a total asshole for president. sorry, it ain't gonna happen.
will sell this country off piece by piece for personal profit. she is a liar and a fraud. so are you! go away
except this lady whole india rt if u agree this
why burkha dutt is not arrested.put the bitch in the jail.hard labour.
don't take it out on me u kno ur my fav stop this. truce?????
alright truce but i'm still going to slander libra's tbh
ahmad khan rahami doesn't represent islam. he doesn't represent muslims. he represents only himself, &amp; if guilty, only he is to blame.
thanks whitesplainer. how would the civilized world even exist without you?
have to go to this interview with a cold
but at least i look sharp
acc is significantly empty at start of vs. czech republic. huge patches of empties. despite 2 tix for...
torts should rush into their locker room to show off his dominance, then run around acc screaming "don't push me!"
what was i just saying about software bugs?
i haven't upgraded home-brew in a while, and i know it's going to suck when sierra, so i want to fav your answer :p
the world was my oyster but i used the wrong fork. - oscar wilde
well said. profound and thought-provoking. i named one of my cats after an oscar wilde novel...her name is dorian gray....
beyond pissed with my doctor's office bc they denied my request to refill my bc until i make an appointment..
they said no. gave me hours and days they would accommodate. i call for an apt. they changed it, and filled my script.
yo that last episode of re:zero made me mad as hell for how much it sucked.
sorry you have poor taste :-(
mike this is amazing
thanks kevin, but i'm no hero; just a man who loves a little post-modernism with his popcorn
next up: vs. on
now who do you root for ?!
i'm giving away the books featured in the 1st episode of mr. schu goes to the book fair: rt before 2 to enter drawing
. is the winner of the mr. schu goes to the book fair giveaway.
when americans get knocked down, we get right back up again. we refuse to quit-no matter what. that's the spirit we need in this election.
with you involved thats all we do is get knocked down
this excites you dosent it
imagine the possibilities
this is just how the crumbles
oh, more importantly, they have a new vegan burrito with samosas inside the burrito.
best part is that i almost put on sneakers (on a court day, too) at 7 am, but noticed and stopped myself
do you have go-to feelings for people considering studying the law? recent sock drama nonwithstanding
yes, all children should be vetted! you're an idiot, no one would have seen this coming.
the same way melania got it
hearts broke seeing my mummy in so much pain and being kept in hospital
hope she feels better soon my chum! hope you're ok!
in latin piss starts with a j!
only the penitent man may piss
the regressiveness of never ceases to amaze
so the imagined "elderly being priced out of their homes" is untrue?
who are going to root for
beat you by 1 sec
happy birthday gleason love and miss that face!
thank youuu i love and miss you too
was the president reassuring? he said he wanted to be reassure us, calling "isil the failed cause that it is."
- you and should get your own show - together - you would interact very well - happy...
watching stranger things and building gunpla... a good sunday night
yoooooooo whatcha building
ivanka trump cuts off cosmo interview after tough questioning
just another thin skinned trump. can't take the heat.
you're not allowed to back out on me for sunday i need you to protect me
more like i need to be protected!!!
oh i thought you were ragging on them for showing it!
i would never say a word against anthology
there's pansexual, but then my convo with muggles becomes a lot more involved
i think pan has the same problem, but also less salience to people that would interpret "bi" as 50/50.
"look bish, just check my weight, height &amp; temperature"
seriously!
had to get that bag had to hop off the porch
why'd you delete dis -___
i think pan has the same problem, but also less salience to people that would interpret "bi" as 50/50.
words are hard.
seeing that you got 69 and thinking "niiice" should get you a bonus point imo
honestly that was my take too. the fact we were some excited getting 69
hey guys! don't forget to buy your vip tickets to meet majid jordan and get a photo book!
meet and greets will be held after the show is over and photo books will be given to you there at the venue!
for sure kylie is a superstar in the making! gotta agree with
i don't think there's anyone disagreeing with us. i gotta shoot kylie in a mainstream b-movie feature next summer
daily life struggles
son, those few tweets let me know you not the only one. ain't no work involved with these nigga's.
their disapproval ratings are right where they should be
i haven't actually seen the numbers but i imagine they're both at "nobody approves"
aren't we all
that's it. we're moving.
everyone who works in digital media should read society of the spectacle. like, fuck, it's so important in framing what we do.
you're the best, this the best, thanks
seeing that you got 69 and thinking "niiice" should get you a bonus point imo
my phone number has 69 in it and that's one reason i won't change it
unless you are the cardinals. don't try and reinvent the wheel
the giants each ws run have had their best pitcher not give upa run for the entire post season practically.
just found out about the hunger games prequel that they're releasing next year, hollywood needs to be stopped
not to mention divergent has a two part final film so they have ascendant coming out next year, as if we needed anymore teen dystopian shit
. is the winner of the mr. schu goes to the book fair giveaway.
please dm where you would like last stop on market street and flora and ulysses mailed.
next time say hi!!
i meet lots of famous ppl, nbd, i live in nyc, but would completely fan girl to meet you. i'll try
if you're the wet prince of bel air, &amp; are two you *don't* want on the case. so, who is it?
la officials refused to identify the prince or princess - aka the homeowner who pumped 11.8m gallons of water durin...
1. don't vote trump into office
yes that would relieve my stress. better he just drop out.
i blocked the twits trying to tell me that my is a fake disease. if i wanted abuse, i'd still be working at google.
my manager at google wasn't exactly supportive of me for my . that's one reason i say today that google isn't an honorable company.
follow up: what's the best easter egg you created that ended up in production?
if userid == &lt;pm's userid&gt;, click link = rick roll. actually implemented it, i as qa missed it.
happy birthday glee, i'll always hate u
thank you hate you forever
had to get that bag had to hop off the porch
why'd you delete dis -___-
our own at the crn disruptor roundtable on strategic value of channel &amp; cloud.
thx for sharing, so true, channel plays an absolute key role in delivering business outcomes
i find scotch goes well with sump pump mishaps.
if ever there was a call for a very peaty scotch, sump issues are it.
don't blame you. 80% of his shit has been trash after carter 3
80%? no but yea a lot of garbo
that is precisely it. some people have to have something to be enraged/offended by and to feel they are victims of said offense.
1. don't quite agree crotch yr analysis think vaccine-refusing parents trying to do what they believe is best for
anyone think greece breaks out from this 30-month downtrend? $grek
liking the $ase $grek?
wait what update?
pictures/gifs polls don't count towards your 140 characters
let's make clear that love trumps hate-not just this november, but always.
let's make clear that evil is evil-not just this november, but always.-h
could they not make the 2.1a smaller...? is that an oversight or a technical limitation?
assuming plans to stick to lithium batteries, they already considered this as a problem
what was up with julia louis-dreyfus?
maybe she is upset bc he dad passed away less than a week ago? hmm. just maybe
who's on trump's team? sexual predator roger ailes. white supremacist steve bannon. vindictive bridge blocker &amp; liar chris christie.
team includes rapist &amp; pedophile ,muslim brotherhood member huma, commie mayor
thinking of you, wherever you are
who is the motherfucker responsible for this shit lmao
lmao! have you seen your own picture???
yup and i am a damn handsome man according to the ladies. ;)
trump blames bombings on "freedom of the press" no, i'm not joking.
you know he's talking about magazines and websites that show how to make pressure cooker bombs and etc etc and not the free press
some homeless guys found the bomb in the trashcan. we could give them housing and food, but instead we will import 110k refugees.
you are amazing. police shoot twice as many whites than blacks but obummer/illary get officers shot -...
it also days she's going through trauma though. so we'll see.
yeah, definitely gonna be darker in tone. having not yet read a jen story like this, tho, could be interesting exploration.
we have a republican nominee for president who incites hatred and violence like we've never seen before.
i hear it every day coming out of your mouth. you are bought &amp; paid for by the middle east. we are not safe.
thinking of you, wherever you are
show me her tumblr
happy birthday to my brother!
yikes this is rough but thanks!
latest numbers show nearly 700,000 fewer new yorkers without health insurance since 2013.
are you aware how in nys turned aca into a sham? see silent
you do realize than even the fbi are covering her, don't you? she's a goddamn kingpin!
she is a criminal of the worst kind.
the real dormwives of stanford swimming 2020
i love all of you
oh i didn't mean that sarcastically ha ha sorry i was just like "amen"
ohhhh haha no worries i was just confused!
if ever there was a call for a very peaty scotch, sump issues are it.
"laphroiag: when you want your esophagus to envy the sump pump!"
marvin jones, golden tate, anquan boldin and theo riddick are supposed to be sure-handed targets for stafford. they had 7 drops yest....
. defense needs to make a stop late for us to be successful. too saw yesterday that stafford won't do it 16 times
it's ! rt &amp; tag a friend to enter to a marvin mimobot! (jaunty vessel not included).
super cute! check it out
lmfao porn star wished me a happy birthday
must be nice. happy birthday tho!
anyone know of any good tattoo shops in the city?
what style!
give me your best recos for in the city!! cc:
tacoway beach
there should be a "going thru some shit" mode in spotify so it doesn't fuck up your discover weekly
does private mode still influence your discover weekly?
it's shitty but hey
so is da 315 but hey
quick, someone write a story about how clinton is struggling with latinos.
dont tempt them.
i honestly don't think there are enough racist who believe in making america white again, obamas election showed that diversity
2 more metrics of a trump landslide cafepress' sales app maker says
it also days she's going through trauma though. so we'll see.
i'm not "yay, a book where jen is suffering," as i love the character and her usual light-heartedness. but will have to see.
i honestly don't think there are enough racist who believe in making america white again, obamas election showed that diversity
another metric trump wins over democrat and independent voters!
free education is worth it, no doubt
not until you realize how much money you're losing for someone else's education
bro those ads he posts on fb lmao
lmaoo which ads? he been irrelevant since beautiful girls
here's my inspiration. *insert devil smiley face emoji*
found a really nice pollock knockoff color scheme
their onion rings are fuego
the spicy ketchup
that is precisely it. some people have to have something to be enraged/offended by and to feel they are victims of said offense.
2. their children problem is, beliefs based on flawed or downright inaccurate information.
this is a huge honor thank you
congrats 6! ward house on the map!!!
why does harry &amp; david alway have the best pears. i wish they could deliver me just a basket of pears.
i just ordered a basket of deplorables
more like i need to be protected!!!
hopefully you and i both will need to use protection ;) also i did research and there is a techno stage
throwing it waaay back
stop i knew there was a reason i loved you
can someone pls explain to me what "should've" happened in rezero 25 cause liiiike i wanna know what the ending everyone wanted is tbh
i think people were holding out for some tweeeeeest ending and were surprised that things actually worked out pretty well.
please help her
not much we can do at this point
my girlfriend made and packed my lunch for the whole week. she really is the best.
cause u my son
syriana (new ) matt damon william hurt chris cooper
boycott all clooney movies
6/ or how about replacing in-city parking structures with urban farms?
2nd order fx r huge. eg parking raises cost of multifamily housing by 30%, reclaiming garages = 30 years new house construction
or we can trade at the same time
might work out... i want chicken, not steak.
submit your , video, 'hot off the press' news to tav magazine at
how do you submit to you? there is no contact or email on your web site.
a propos to our discussion yesterday
marcin's blog is excellent, here is my expansion on it too
under the obama administration do you really think it was an accident
&amp; food for thought. . . . you could be considered serial killers.
its officially happening
or we can go egging
adrian peterson tore right meniscus, could still play week 3
has meniscus been torn for 2 weeks?
if any of you guys see me in the background on ny1 today or something it's cause i went to the essen on 23rd to get a salad
wtf that's the essen i go to. why do you never say hi to me
baffles me how people can justify the disrespect of military/police on 9/11 and in wake of recent events
word "disrespect" assumes that people's actions are aimed at those people rather than more complex issues intersecting them.
rt &amp; follow to enter to a kurio watch, a real smartwatch for kids!
following! my sons would love their own smartwatch!
i just scheduled an appt with health services
how does one do that
what happened?
well french beliebers asked hailey if she was going to the purpose tour tomorrow and she said a rude no
this sounds like a line from gotham
it's paraphrased from the life of galileo
5 clinically proven ways to reduce stress from :
i guess it's the ss for you. feeling stressed much. you should and with good reason. you are just as bad as your dad.
i am resigned to my fate~
now i'll have to carefully observe each episode for subliminal snuff film messaging from junko trying to turn me into despair
once again. should be common knowledge, but it's not. . . these women should be household names.
i've had the pleasure of meeting ms. neuwirth &amp; she is as intelligent &amp; informed as she is talented &amp; beautiful.
you would expect 2nd year players to improve, but that shouldn't disqualify them from mip
loyd didn't have the best roy award season true simone and candace still no.1 in that. but
it looks like aam aadmi party is in need of an intervention. so here it is by :
if is 's of this world then writers like are 's of this world
smh, my life is a joke.
i was mad when it ended lol
a dispatch from the new trump hotel
that is so funny. he forgot that its the low info poor that want to elect him but they have no money for his rooms
well my partner wants to get a moth on their leg right above their knee cap, no color! just gray wash.
check out gustavo martinez on ig! he's done all the work on my arms so far. he's not too pricy either and v funny!
are you fucking joking me i won
omg congrats
300,000 dems who voted for bush in fl would say otherwise. but hey, accept the est. talking point
nader cost the dems fla. i like the guy &amp; support his views. but he cost dems, intentionally or not.
i want a smarter country as a whole
just because every american gets a free education doesn't mean they're going to use it.
that is precisely it. some people have to have something to be enraged/offended by and to feel they are victims of said offense.
1. don't quite agree w your analysis parents want to do what the believe is best for their children
yeah i love these
i refresh that every morning and afternoon.
hopefully you and i both will need to use protection ;) also i did research and there is a techno stage
omg what yas
your princess is in this castle: (seriously i love this speaker remote)
i have the r800, it has a timer in it that vibrates at t-5 minutes
so excited for my fall 16 pledge class cannot wait for you all to experience everything that has to of...
they're so lucky to have you leading them! i'm so proud of you!
i want a smarter country as a whole
i mean look at high school
the team doesn't know what they're doing. sad! i'm taking over. only i have the skill to make g...
"too many of those dirty "others", not enough nascar drivers."
fam i just started working around there today
fam keep an eye out for me .......
scorpio: kris, pisces: alyssa
of course alyssa is a fucking pisces
that's for babies.
did u get the joke
dunkin donuts is still called mr donut in japan and they serve noodles and dim sum if u don't want donuts or want b...
the mr donuts doughnuts are unfortunately not very good. a rare case where the japanese version of a chain is worse.
that clinton presser makes about a half dozen in three weeks (via ). trump's last time he took questions? july 27.
where is the "presser clock" for this? or for his taxes?
unclear given the pakistan connection.
and who backed pakistan? without us backing, no pakstan connection.
his exact quote from the story says "we do not want to do profiling" you guys have no shame, and what he says is true, ask le
amazing how the media twists it! should we just sit back and let these attacks keep happening?!
when you realize the play the braves for 3:
well what happened the last time atl came to citi field...
hahaha -- he rickroll'd himself 3-4 times before he was like "wtf?! i think this feature is broken."
said pm was
pretty awesome tattoo! thanks for being a fan :)
been a fan since day 1! already ran thru infinite on the collection, and started the first two
love ! haunting and wholly engaging.
thank you, hana!!
third pic looking like all types of love
damn that mac and cheese look lovely too
haters gonna hate but sometimes haters gonna like &amp; likers gonna love, lovers gonna win.
what the hell do the winners do?
has meniscus been torn for 2 weeks?
because if not....let him sit. i mean, my feeble ass could find a big enough holes to rush for 12 yards in 9 carries.
why do i find it weird that i'm not phased at all by the potential fact of logging nearly 4k bicycle miles this year?
i log ever row i do. i love the data.
i've been a person all along. from the moment i was conceived, i was a human being who only needed time to grow.
..those who practice such things r deserv.of death, not only do the same but also approve of thos who practice them rom.1:18-32
2 bright notes on the 1) bowman is back 2) have a really good play caller
they had so many open wrs -gabbert missed too many throws
i'll bite: how is the video so steady?
i have an extremely steady hand.
you racist bigots that are replying to cnn are absolutely unbelievable. and you claim to be americans. and you're americans?
damn right, when it comes to america's security you can call me any name in the book. muslims need to be rounded given gps id's
sounds good! let's talk?
hey gil, sure thing you'd be very welcome to. dm me
happy birthday get lit
will do thank you
well that sounds like something with cultural &amp; artistic value, so definitely not gotham.
part of me actually kinda pities gotham in that many of its woes are basically just bad timing
love the pumpkin color! very different.
definitely different but i thought a good color for fall
happy birthday!! have an amazing day!!
thank you brit i appreciate it
he's the best in the world
i totally agree!!!!
absolutely nothing low key about having your own geofilter
so aggressive you have to respect it. i wish i had one that said "big dan's big return"
my passion right now, in my humble way doing what i can . help make sure donald trump wins. his wisdom needed
wisdom? wow that is hysterical. wisdom of a first grader.
yo you remember that "what if" track you made back in then ? mann i wish i still had that cd bro
i don't have any of them bro!! those were great songs!!
i don't want to call you unintelligent like trump does but youtube really. i've got to complete some paper work. good day
those are all democrats voting for trump in ohio!! lol those are the silent voters pollsters are not getting
happy birthday to a day one nigga. too many memories with this dude
thanks bro! many more to come my dude
national tracking poll shows clinton outperforming obama with latino voters:
which is crazy considering hrc voted in favor of a southern border fence (wall) in 2006. low info voters...
because we're being killed just for being black? i mean not that hard to understand
and pointing guns at cops .. same thing tho
yes, i liked that one as well. so well done, !
wow, thanks so much, monika!
don't shut up or shut down. caption this image in 5 words or less!
shhh i know that smell.... pizza!
interesting how and are just now writing about 9/11 explicitly. something so huge takes so long to unpack
or, that you're continually unpacking, been writing at the sides of it since, songs from '03, '06, '09, '13
nah, i don't have time. i need to work at least 24 hours a week to be financially stable, so gotta work on that
i see, 24 hours isn't too much. you'll get there, i have faith in you.
that was way good, brock!
thanks bbgirl!! &lt;3
any app developers contact me 0746604663 on whatsapp go a job for you
we build apps remotely! portfolio let's talk :) email to leads.com (212) 209 1537
oh..i really loved that friendship,he keeps losing people that really cared about him. i just hope hailey is ok
she's fine i just don't think anyone wants no part of justin
speak english plz
the patient is bleeding the np says oh it's not actively bleeding... the blood is red and was not there 15min ago asshole
you should of pulled the trigger on this one
couldn't do it
so, it's a fella that was bombing places and he's out here alive ?
it's better he's alive cause then they can get info right?
i've had 1 nurse get too personal he asked my sexual position &amp; i just stared at him ... "show me where this is on the chart"
oh wow! that's not really something we usually ask
this is my favourite shirleen video wefwoeuhgfwegfwer
baby! when she said 'y'all cain't reed?' pdoasdokaspd
check out this cover with my super talented friend on the keys! love it !!
thanks babe!!
marvel definitely seems committed to installing their new heroes as the persistent versions of these characters
what i mean is, there have been plenty of past character change-ups and new heroes for diversity that didn't last
hi! i've sent you an email!
thanks love! check your inbox for a reply!
but come playoff time that didn't matter at all
i mean zito in gm5 2012 would be like if kazmir did that for the dodgers this year. it *could* happen but it'd be stupid.
so blessed that my bday is also . here's an old piece about me hanging with pirates:
happy birthday! here's my fav pirate history book
you racist bigots that are replying to cnn are absolutely unbelievable. and you claim to be americans. and you're americans?
i blame you for every muslim attack on united states soil, you are just as guilty if not more!!
congratulations. you're so cool. i want to be you when i grow up.
thanks i know
i don't mind spiders, they're welcome generally speaking. but sitting in my hat is right out.
well, does your shoe have a gift for you!
an entire high school class is watching some of their classmates fight on the corner of 14th and sixth. livestreams to punches thrown=10:1
i have been noticing this fight club in the neighborhood lately too.
happy birthday bro
lol thanks bro come back out soon
startup idea: coach bot calling you and shouting, "don't fsckin' tweet today!" and after you did, calling and shouting "why?!" bills $100/hr
... the coach will call you!
aamaq: is view of deirezzor airbase after taking control of jabal tharda
they should get those jets put of there asap
no money no roommate litigation being sued no boyfriend and my leg is infected and i'm afraid to take train to doctors
down but not out.
lol haha but what would u do if i was there lol
damn i'm sorry your gma died but what kinda panties you got on rn lol
fake. ur part of the 4 ppl i still like from elementary
you're the only one tbh
today's comic mashes up 's king with richard iii! (apologies to )
. thanks for putting me on to "you'll be back"- . listening over+over...
why on earth should a card-carrying commie like myself have to purchase my own food?
look the real problem here is that yr not going to see mary
let's make clear that love trumps hate-not just this november, but always.
what?? is hillary on heavy medication. it's the islamist refugees who hate americans &amp;a only trump can stop them
what i mean is, there have been plenty of past character change-ups and new heroes for diversity that didn't last
but, it seems so far that marvel is committed to making jane foster thor or sam wilson cap permanent fixtures
are you reading this for class????
yes it's great
your twitter-verified account logo is in the mail :-)
so exciting! i want the t- shirt too.
cnn edits out clinton referring to ny explosion as 'bombing'
is nothing more than propaganda machine. there is no real journalism there. reporters pushing agenda.
it's obvious he's not, but they just love blaming entire groups of people for one person's actions.
he's not even syrian ffs, but guess all browns look alike to them.
crash is my main man, he doesn't like, i don't like you.
well, easy come, easy go.
let it be known that brock is the actual cutest creature.
thanks bb! miss you
when you can't find a lighter
that's so cool, you can literally burn slugs that way too
jose prosper paves the way for city youth to pursue a career with fdny. how would you give back if you ?
when is the next exam?
that was the last book you'll ever need! (but maybe.)
until u meet christ and become a christian.
when someone is their character and their character is them, so much so that a suit is only a catalyst. in, out, and half-way out...
that's pretty much me my character is only an extension of who i am
it's not that hard
no the only thing faker than me is my laugh
'16 in a nutshell. nat'l q poll: % of clinton supporters who worry they'll be victim of terrorist attack= 29%; trump supporters = 68%
% of supporters who think that squirrel is a gov't drone reading their thoughts: trump 97% hillary- 0%.
nadar lost it for bush by not making gore lose him home state and bush get more democrat voters./s
you sound kind of confused my friend.
trump and clinton react very differently to terror incidents. that tells us how they'd act as president.
hillary clinton responds to terror by invading iraq and voting in favor of the patriot act.
"definitely not invited to the reunion"
i'm just waiting for an ex to come out and post "and his stroke is weak af too"
one good thing about helping out with elections? it also helps out your pokemon. just caught three evees on the way to the post office!
i thought your pokmon came out as gay. i need to log off this internet.
trump: birther of a national disgrace.
i can't imagine what will happen if trump is elected.
the have to play the dodgers now and the cards get the this weekend? loving the odds
wonder if the are loving the chances -- only team in the nl with a winning record against them
find out how much hillary's college plan will save you:
and who will pay for free college??? working americans ?? or those on welfare checks ??
who is ahmad rahami? lightening-fast team goes deep into the alleged bomber. wow.
i still can't believe "souped-up honda civics" are a thing.
hank azaria is great on ray donovan, in case you were wondering.
the ray donovan show is must see tv, hank has made cochrane a favorite of mine especially his love of rocknroll
would you rather drink tea or coffee in this kreoo living space?
perfect for !
"safety will be restored." ok commissioner gordon.
bwaaaaa! isis' best recruiting tool is going to make them magically disappear. lol
i need a good but yet affordable app developer...suggestions anyone?
yes,we can certainly help you in developing your app at affordable price email:leads.com
i have the r800, it has a timer in it that vibrates at t-5 minutes
also, you can use a beer coozie as the cool...
i've only seen season 1, but i do recall it not really knowing what it wanted to do with itself.
it was an arrow show that's been forced to redefine itself for the flash era
i'm proposing that we repurpose "humanism" as opposing the dogma of mechanistic computers and ai, as opposed to organized religion of yore.
... let's build humanist ai, that will free us to be more human, not cyborgs.
which ones?!?
sand mountain mostly but i want to make a trip to pismo and galamis
at school thankfully. i'm sure it'll be up for emmy consideration
we found the late night top 5 performers where i had to save the day!!
swing those bro
gimme a second blood
do i have any friends who are app developers or know of anyone who is? i would love to pick your (or their) brain! message me
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app. our pf email to leads.com
twitter i need your help does anyone know any mobile app developers, computer science majors, or anyone with coding experience/knowledge?
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app. our pf email to leads.com
no one ever uttered those words in the history of words. i'm tired of y'all lol
no one has ever said that!
and knowing looks during meetings
to think we once ran a website together
also i feel like if all you want from superhero adventures is everyone to be happy and get everything they want maybe raise your bar?
not saying that can't define some stories, maybe just not all stories
someone finally stole my bluetooth speaker off of my bike while it was locked up on haight st.
ground it up and sold it to a needy 3d printer owner.
read landscape architecture news!
thanks for the shout out!
so justin changed his hotel. he was in the same hotel as hailey. ugh!!!
she even wants no part of him
you heard him. west coast premiere at on 10.8. co-presented by . :...
and it's a great date movie!
hmmm are you allowed to have opinions on filler words if your punctuation is this zany?! idk idk
that person has some pretty professional kids. i think dot com is my favorite.
once i actually apply this concept, my academic life will be so much more stress free. i just cant grasp it bc i ha...
lol i feel you! but you can't be too hard on yourself
written on a train on my way back from my parents house, at the time i wasn't sure if i wanted to play music anymore
one of my all time favorites!
what did pisces ever do to you? besides love and support you? hm??
i have no beef wit pisces there're just so confusing like a mutuable water sign? like
hey you sure this is what the cool pirates wear on ?
love to see you on the artemis with
la officials refused to identify the prince or princess - aka the homeowner who pumped 11.8m gallons of water durin...
and so used satellite imagery (and other smart things) to come up w/ a list of bel air's 7 most likely wet...
thank you! do you know what shop he's put of?
ocean avenue! there's plenty of parking and all that.
nyc tonight
can't wait!!!!
starstruck is one of gaga's most bought songs.....why???
bc it should have been a single and is excellent
ughh im being raped by the universe so hard and i know i'm not alone!!
my sis and i had said that exact same thing b4 and things changed/got better.
americans are heading over the border to see these shows! can't wait! ready ?
attending back to back to back concerts, 3 more days...
but i'm not really that hardcore when it comes down to it. and 4k miles is a lot of miles.
4k is a lot! it's cool. the data components of strava is pretty rad.
but it's okay :)) don't worry. have a nice day
oh i see, now i'm with you! wouldn't be surprising if others are using his accounts too, pretty common
if i opened a hedge fund, would you invest? (just an idea, don't take this tweet as a firm plan)
although - with the mega growth of passive investing, i think investors want a manager who can navigate inefficient markets succesfully
this steering wheel costs $30,000. note to self: don't lose this.
at you can get them for $22g max.
tbh, after sp, the kids from got my vote...
oh the kids *slayed the game*
after adrian peterson left with an injury, jerick mckinnon saw two carries and zero targets. matt asiata saw six carries and zero targets.
this is gross
the whole "who are you wearing" thing needs to die.
they'd find little else to talk about they rarely bother to discuss much else other than their mani-pedis and jewelry
whatcha wanna cop?
i want to cop the coaches jacket with this print
mua twitter beef is always so corny
they have drama???????
we're facing a candidate with a history of discrimination in his businesses, who retweets white supremacists, and led the birther movement.
ur campaign started birther movement &amp; u ensured flow of muslim refugees !u got endorsement of those who abuse cops!! go nap
can't wait to scratch this baby up
within 2 minutes this thing is completely covered in fingerprints.
hello 2 my loyal fans jk personal news twitter is dumb but i cant leave w/o thanking them for the best 2.5 yrs of my career
&gt; interns show up &gt; leaves
i, for one, am cool with that. probably should read more thor &amp; captain america, though.
it's certainly ambitious, especially given how often most status quo shake-ups revert to the norm
we've partnered w/ to give away 7 prize packs in celebration of ! learn more:
the big bang burger
i don't know how i scored that high. it was like a foreign language to me. ha
me, too! lol i think it was the fandom question that caused the 14% score! that &amp; my emoji use!
guys. i just re-took the quiz with all same answers but with age being 1996-today and it scored me lower
i think this proves it's more millennial to not score high on the millennial quiz.
it's ok. i figured you'd have more followers than that, considering u wrote a great bestseller like public enemies.
i got a late start. tad old school.
guys. i just re-took the quiz with all same answers but with age being 1996-today and it scored me lower
ergo, lee &amp; john win
duuuude, good lookin out. fortunately today is a teva day so thin on the hiding places.
i stopped reading at "teva day".
it's certainly ambitious, especially given how often most status quo shake-ups revert to the norm
of course there's still plenty of time for that to happen
for people that don't know you have puppies, this might be slightly confusing
that would explain so much
that's cold in december in california
omg i totally misunderstood the concept of having a child 9 months after the sex hahahaha
within 2 minutes this thing is completely covered in fingerprints.
that's the price i pay for
making green tea lattes at work is like inhaling freshly mowed grass
try brewing loose leaf yerba mate
happy freakin' birthday to ! if you don't follow her, you are missing out on one bad @$$ female runner!
thank you so much carlee . this is beautiful and makes me so happy.
yeah i know but i was hoping they would rise again:(
i guess that's never going to happen
or thinking "i am so rich"
do you think dan radcliffe can walk around universal? i don't. :/
troll at the trump rally. i saw him in albany, ny 35000 people. flawless.
in your dreams! cant break 300.
mua twitter beef is always so corny
wait tho there's mua twitter?
because that dong is the
riiiight it's a classic and people bitch it's overplayed like i still go crazy every time it's played
just the class using that reading makes it amazing, it's such a great book he's writes so well about something so serious
it's just an excerpt and i'm literally purchasing the book immediately
introduces mirror, the world's first video beacon.
at :45 into the mirror youtube video how did you get the beacon to look like it's sliding in so easily?? seriously i gotta know
police were doing nothing of importance (hassling someone for jaywalking, etc.)
i also agree with this, but svu is a show about sex crimes detectives. if sex crime isn't involved, we simply can't do the episode.
yes, we had music playing and a cupcake bar!
i saw the cupcake bar! it looked great
no that would be the woman who lied repeatedly to congress, had blackberries destroyed, blamed others.
- thank you - we really appreciate all your hard work and dedication for w...
"no one will work harder to make your life better. i'll never stop, no matter how tough it gets." -hillary
pandering as usual to bernie sanders crowd by giving freebies! who will pay for them ? hard working tax payer ????
both, obvs...
i like that sentiment. both makes sense to me.
my sister almost got into a car accident rn but my grandpa is always watching over us so she good
i swear y'all both can't drive
wish each city had a 1-stop shop like this! mt repair shop at fixes disabled athletes' equipment
that's a great vision
bernie's campaign manager is nicki's verse
idc if i'm "wasting my vote" on the rick ross intro, thats who i believe in
dear : please leave the great cuisines of other cultures alone. thank you. [image via ]
worst tasting chips yet. how do you make a salty snack even more salty?
did you actually try this app? it's borderline unusable. doesn't think italy is a place, doesn't recognize reservations, etc.
i did! it recognized my reservations and italy, too. (search for a city if country doesn't come up)
as i said last week: ticket brokers stuck w/ huge inventory for some games in this tourney. exhibit a is today's intimate gathering
short tourney..not a lot of games..are they over priced? this is the hockey mecca..every game should be sold out
you are blessed
lol yesss that made my day
i'm pretty sure. this business is shady af :( same with mark
yeah, but it can be a lot to manage too with a busy schedule and lots of fans, so i understand sometimes people need help
texted 6 people this morning and only my mom has answered
i answered bc i saw this
i also agree with this, but svu is a show about sex crimes detectives. if sex crime isn't involved, we simply can't do the episode.
and we decided we wanted to tackle that subject rather than stay silent. i can't think of another way to do it given limitations.
jarvis straight bullied malcolm butler. only good thing to take from that game.
who doesn't bully malcom butler
cottage lake....by tony armstrong
absolutely gorgeous! what a fabulous destination g.c. great photography
we have a republican nominee for president who incites hatred and violence like we've never seen before.
the republican nominee will end the terror caused by hatred of those muslim refugees u r bringing in
top 6 would be progression mate. but the main thing for me is i want to win a cup
same here. if we can win the lc cup this year and break the drought, i'll be happy because that's how you truly measure success.
how cute aww
what about you?
yike u really think he didn't know she lost consciousness? bottom line is: no consent = rape
literally don't waste your time he's a waste of space
whoa. this is big news in skiing.always liked and idolized as a kid cc
and in other news...
we're also very very lucky that the attackers tried to use explosives rather than guns.
what the f*ck is wrong with you!!! go see your skrink
recording with soon. have any questions or us?
what's the 3 questions you ask yourself when starting to work a project? (to guide design/dev process)
i don't even know where this stupid shit came from. did one really loud idiot start bitching or is there a real reason for this?
my understanding is something happened with nordic fur con and a policy they have about people removing heads in public
and we decided we wanted to tackle that subject rather than stay silent. i can't think of another way to do it given limitations.
your point is not wrong, but i don't think svu is the example to use.
futuretalks security panel today at 5:30pm.
thanks for sharing! we're excited for tonight.
if hillary wins we'll get a break fom being racists and, instead, become sexists.
i am all ready to turn in my dingy racist card for a shiny new misogynist card
new olympic sport: the port authority sprint where you have &lt;1 minute to run from the downtown a train to the bus gate
i just missed the bus so i wouldn't win but it'd be fun
flaming.......by wil mijer
bright and beautiful
yes all the makeup artists fight but they never @ eachother
is it like lindsay, that luna girl, and manny just cockfighting?
got the point but would you compare the 'militantes' from pt with those insurgents?
what i mean is...you let them be.give them saet at table. no seat at table and u get the farc.
for a single released after the mess that was artpop and got a performance at a random club and 5-6 radio interviews is pretty damn good
i just hope gaga is happy with her new music and that she's doing what she wants to do this time around. i'm very proud of her.
this is accurate.
funny. i thought same thing recently about nyc subways when they had to shut down dc metro...
well, one more time took the risk. i am in take a listen
then i become a referee...
insists trump is less dangerous than clinton - and attacks as a...
. i thought stein was loony, however she proved she's a great danger. im not sure trump will be constitutionally restrained
before their infamous hot 97 freestyle jay-z told state property to "[rap] like they just killed your cousin."
and they still rap like that! state prop never lost their hunger
i would bed to differ, but i guess i don't know the pain of orgo
gen chem is pretty easy imo, and it's something we all become acquainted with eventually
looking at progress bars growing up gave me trust issues.
estimated time remaining: 6 minutes *15 minutes pass* estimated time remaining : 337 days, 6 hours, 41 minutes
i have good taste in movies :/ sorry babe
that movie is bible :///
sep 19-26th: chigara's galactic bake sale is now live, get them while they are hot -...
i'd bake chigara's buns, if you know what i mean
because it's silly to dismiss a 9-year resume based on six weeks. if you had conviction to acquire him, you keep him
met fans need to give this guy a break. he's away from his family and living in a hotel by the airport
when all your dreams come true
one day you'll be dancing to a young girls song that once idolized you! full circle!
it's really kept me going.
i have rowed 1 million km this year. all data logged. kinda feeling burned out, but it's meditative.
getting some alternative topics for tonight's recap podcast. what's your worst game watching experience, situation or announces?
notre dame football vs usf season opener. i was at the stadium what an absolute embarrassment
i am never going to live down the semen punch, am i
semen punch mindbreak happiness
though a:c only wrapped 2 months ago
edge of tomorrow test screened a month after completion. most of the time these test in really early days, and then again...
well that turned around quickly.
not sure how i'm supposed to respond to your "i like you... no wait, i don't" method of engagement. pick one.
for whatever reason, the czechs (and russia for that matter) don't have a history of developing elite defenseman co...
czechs, russians, and san jose.
it's just contrast from the fact that you've been living a city sized swamp cooler for three months
i had to google "swamp cooler." this is what happens when you spend your entire adult life in sf.
question of the day: who do you think won the week? trump or clinton?
is there anyone more scared than ?
i used to go to glamis all the time. prolly my favorite dunes
i've never been but if i can make it down there for camp rzr i'll probably bust a nut
lmaooo this made me laugh. whaat noo haha
what it's true
shamefaced .......by mattias bergman
wonderful photograph
chile the nypd don't be playing. that caught that man with the quickness. even faster than tasha n dem from the projects would have.
you aint honestly think they would have him before the dinner bell tonight?
not in "sensible" churches.
all versions are translated from greek by theologians, many greek words have more than one way to be interpreted, kjv is a great 1
meet the co-founder of , the co-working space that puts happiness first:
how you lawsuit going. chip off the old block. stealing shoe designs and reproducing cheap knock offs abroad.
yes, we've become a nation of pussies. the greatest generation is glad they're dying &amp; don't have to see this.
it is amazing to see a generation of soft cocks willing to compromise their values for the sake of pc acceptability
how is citizenfour not on any hbo app the weekend snowden movie is released? it's an hbo documentary...?
it's insane. so hard to find. everyone needs to see it, such a shame it's not distributed
i want nothing but nothing from those people. i move on my life with hope one day pt and its mentality disappear from brazil
watch october. that'll five you a clear direction about the future of pt.
more importantly, i wished my guys had held up their end of the bargain in the 2nd half.
hope my buckeyes stay hot
edge of tomorrow test screened a month after completion. most of the time these test in really early days, and then again...
when it's time to market it. but usually early ones seem to be closer to hollywood on the studio lots. so who knows.
first - keenan allen. next - danny woodhead. my espn ny fantasy team is struggling...
better check in the free agents list for replacements...fast!!!
who's ready to watch me and dance tonight? don't forget to vote
do you know when you'll be dancing?
watch lesbian movie: rikki six at actiongirls
- i did lighting with tom russo for over 20 yrs. love great photog, and gorgeous ladies with really nice boobs. thank you.
what happened?
pipe bombs went off injuring 29 over weekend
kenny start working on that mouth
already on it
plus she said "especially for girls" like girl bye
i eh know uh .... so you go be ready to sex a man and be like "hollan hollan my body count is 3 gtg" ????
if you see an issue at a railroad crossing, do you know who to call? look for the blue sign.
good advice! blue signs are posted near rr crossings. call the # on the sign to report an emergency or w...
do people in san diego still like that drew brees guy in new orleans?
drew brees! we have him up, he didn't leave us.
what happened?
not far from me
obama says that trump will reverse everything he has done... i don't understand, is he campaigning for trump? because that's the plan.
and thats a bad thing?
oddly, this little know bit of regulatory amendment absolutely fascinates me. not sure how companies will address this broad change
anyone doing business with government or large corporations at any level is very aware of this and will follow.
if ms bond were in wh..there would benolefton
psnot talking about normal just islamist in
garfield i'm thinking about or?
no thats in seattle , im from nj .
i'd be up for it some time ooc if that works!
works for us! can you send us an email at aceofgeekspodcasting.com?
i want a member of the antetokounmpo family to marry a szczerbiak and have a kid that grows up to be an nba player w both names on a jersey.
but that person wouldn't have 2 last names lol
i'll remember this tweet when tna plays at 3 p.m. on wednesday.
yeah, but tna is lit af
thats like listening to the nazi guard when he says it's just a shower...
no disagreement in fact i have often wondered why we listen to cair at all they're not on our side they're propagandists
super excited to announce that im the cover artist on the new hulk series! writer and artist...
thanks so much for helming this amazing project! queen !
why do you feel bad for justin if he changed the hotel? this means he went away from hailey
i know i just meant that no one wants to be justin's friend
not one word about spirit airlines has been exaggerated
bruh.. i flew with them one year.. forgot how bad they were did it again and have never gone back.. thee worst.
happy 40th birthday to jay electronica ! what's your favorite verse from jay elect?
the opening bars on "exhibit c" kick off the 2nd best autobiographical verse in hip-hop history (that's right) - 1st is "juicy"
trump wants tougher vetting policies for people from countries that don't hold our values, but hillary disagrees !
she needs the votes
aamaq: is view of deirezzor airbase after taking control of jabal tharda
they should get those jets out of there asap
we've landed in ia! look forward to rallying around donald trump's vision for america with iowans at
are you releasing his taxes today? lol
ios 10 update made everything so huge and bright. not that i'm complaining; i can actually see shit on my phone for the first time ever now
it's just weird bc it feels like the phone version of a large print edition of a book.
you can suggest an edit for japanese &gt; ramen for a venue. and the other restaurant can be categorized as seafood! :)
why would i suggest edits to place i manage?
there's a zoom tan, chipotle, moe's, and target 3 mins from my apartment.
where'd you move to!?
she is simply growing the dem party. and your right how dare you hillary?
she doesnt care she sold our safety to middle east for a donation. they tell her what to do
also, if you're another reporter lookin' for details from me, i get it and have love for ya'll, but... c'mon
you should write about it for mic.
. was anyone killed by christie's supposed lying? because we've got 4 caskets from draped with 's lies
you know nothing of what you speak. shame on you.
first instance of an app shipping as emscripten running inside of duktape
we need to go deeper
bullshit..your "study" fails to mention the 39 people murdered @ pulse nightclub clueless terrorist sympathizer
because the article came out last year.
for once decent car news! my check engine light came on today so naturally i assumed the worst. thankfully no engine issue just minor thing.
mine will come on if the sensor in the gas tank isn't fully shut off xd
amazing, only in pc america.... "a pressure cooker with wires"... you mean a bomb?!?!
my family had one of those,i think it's called a plug....
ok friends! i have to drive 600 miles this weekend, am now accepting road trip music suggestions (loud pop-y &amp; sing-a-long-able is a plus)!!
lindsey stirling
squandered my nap skressin bout what i gotta do after my nap smh
hate when that happens
no need to speculate. interviewed former &amp; current isis supporters and they made their preference clear:
well now. u have there attention but for all the wrong reasons you dumb ass.
the gayest thing ive done
my favorite human
(or do max pooling, whatever)
"do whatever" -&gt; could be a summary of dl.
this one is for , who's been preaching the apple cake gospel. i'm a believer!
best apple cake in the world!!
the context is entrepreneurship, attitude, self-improvement and education. in getting up above mediocrity, there should be no later
it's still a dogmatic statement, say you got a kid or your relative died, is it now or never? i'd prefer later.
hey i hope you have a wonderful show
we appreciate it
no the accident is on thornton and she was a car behind the one that got in an accident cus another car ran a red light so
y'all still can't drive !!!!! every time i'm in the car with her it's almost a car accident no lie lmao !
the difference between these magazine covers is why our movement exists.
from -- another reminder of the work to do for , .
i was taking the piss but looks like you were a little confused.
okay, so then we're on the same page. that's awesome. if not it's sad, but neither you nor i will be devastated.
why is it that none of trump's supporters can spell or use punctuation? no punchline or anything it's just fucking fascinating to me.
spelling &amp; punctuation: so elitist!
you've tested this?
nah just watched this youtube video on it some dude threw it in the ocean for 5 mins and it still worked
get out of my caucasian home, bg.
your 15 minutes of fame ?
he is never going to recover from that own
he started his own "dog ratings" with "accurate ratings" bc why quit when you're down?
*opens twitter* *everyone's talking about * *closes twitter* *sets fire to laptop*
i am trying to phonebank but i don't have the will power to log off twitter *pass the popcorns*
i trust , , and james kolar any day over dr. phil-- the man who has the same attorney as ramsey's!
what an interesting point you make. where do i go to find that information?
isn't stecher like the same size?
only an inch shorter and 5 pounds lighter lmao
sickos! the haters need help. taking over show every night this week. desperate losers need my golden tou...
so when's clinton week?
don't be afraid of clowns. clowns can kiss my ass.
clowns can kiss my ass too! wtf?us military? f'kin banksters dressed as clowns?&amp;they own the marijuana dispensaries?
7 shots of espresso might have been 7 to many...
update my whole body is shaking
you know it was. gq is so boring and flat. ugh. more white mediocrity rewarded. bye.
i like some of their content but lately it's been disappointed. or maybe i'm just more now. lol
this makes me feel all kinds of things, oh boy, idc what happened to me, i'd teach whoever made that acc a lesson
were trying to find out who
the context is entrepreneurship, attitude, self-improvement and education. in getting up above mediocrity, there should be no later
i understand that it should not be read "as-is", but then it becomes so generic of an advice that it becomes useless.
new phone, it's 2016 so i can transfer contacts so i know who this is but i don't wanna reply, who this
you still got your old phone? my mom needs one, but i bet yours went through some shit
the hate some ppl have in their heart is so upsetting.disgusting that someone could post this online &amp; be ok w it
y she spell "serve" as "surve"
witcho lame ass
i know you saw my text boi
proud to witness this moment! how has it not happened before?
yes, it had not happened before. i got my first pair of at thanks nick!
we were asking the same thing.
that episode started strong, i wish it focused more on the mom and daughter relationship. but still..powerful!
hey dumbass. we don't vote for whom isis prefers or doesn't prefer. we vote for whom we prefer.
no shit sherlock, the pt is that isis wants trump 2 win cause either kindred spirit or weaker than hrc
nigga you can't drive
not once have i ever hit someone or something
isn't stecher like the same size?
subban only an inch shorter and 5 pounds lighter lmao
the jordan future boot debuts this week in this khaki colorway. are you a fan of the military-inspired look? click ...
these are basically the sfb with a jumpman logo thrown on them
live | donald trump hosts campaign rally in florida
god help us all from him, hope he doesn't win!
not the best black mirror and ozymandias is the better breaking bad. but two cathedrals is simply brilliant.
the west wing is still on my to-watch list. as is the wire. xxx
full sized and yes top tier khergits are horse throwers on horses
truly inspiring
features $ 100 for 33 minutes hmu b4 deals over
-be paypal ready-
psnot talking about normal just islamist in
shhhuknow if1is an 'islamist'if they're not4djt
what the heck is going on @ subway by the right stuff? 4 cops and a young kid cuffed. hmm.
some people just need a six inch bud
who do you mean by no one
i meant the girls he does have guy friends though
whoaaaaa drunk and sent nudes to a boy and he didn't reply so guess i'll just die
send me i will answer loud and clear
is the new labeling law the beginning of a movement in the food chain?
you'll need an audit trail. this could greatly accelerate agtech adoption from farm to fork. good news for traceability startups
stechers a lock to make it before him.
ya no doubt. he seems to be a favorite
to cover my bases with guards, i searched 6'6" and below. it's been a while:
much has been made about the turnaround for wade from 3 in the playoffs though. any stats on that?
sean rodriguez named nl co-pow
they're just trying to take him away from us....
you know these?
unfortunately i know of them.
bay area!! get your tickets here for our first headline show in san francisco on november 9th!!
any shows coming up in nyc? would love to see ya live!
so are all christians bad b/c of westboro baptist church, or is it just muslims u like to generalize?
u must be a troll u have 36 followers take ur asinine argument 2those ppl . most terrorist acts r by muslims
he could you never know. henry cavill stood right by a poster of him during bvs release, no one recognized him
i guess. i just know most celebs don't walk around theme parks, they usually have guides to take them through back entrances
do you feel no history is more explicit? noose dressed, no time flat, bag of bones, etc. all feel slightly removed from it
yes, i would agree with that. this is less diffuse than those songs are
factual truth!!
it's the back story of major news because news is about the the 25% of blacks that are poor and in lockup
the bomb squad has rendered the device safe. press release to follow
good work. thank you!!!
also the capitalization of random words seems to be a theme with them.
i think it's from using speech to text? i use that a lot and that random capitalization shit happens all the time.
. just added me to their list called "extra flaky!" hum, i hope that's just a clever play on branding
it's a good thing!! we mean it as a compliment
we now have internet at the office thanks to
seems like we should have a competition.
they need to make videos of them later in the night tbh
crying over a toilet
but how do you know that it was hailey desicion to stop being friends? because i think justin dropped her
yeah i know
'16 in a nutshell. nat'l q poll: % of clinton supporters who worry they'll be victim of terrorist attack= 29%; trump supporters = 68%
i wish trump supporters would read this article that reports why isis supporters' wants trump to win:
i just wanna finish this half sleeve i called myself starting.
we damn near having a tatt party this weekend
however that "minor thing" still costs 300 fucking dollars to fix. it's a little liner thing on the inside of the fuel thing. shittin me? x3
yeah, same... and the light only comes on once in a while xd
who do you think will win ? (it's not who you want, it's who you think)
sadly i think nicole wins bc the jury is desperate for a woman winner
&gt; is right ab this: if he lost the primary and didnt endorse the nominee, rs would raise hell. kasich/bush havent endorsed.
. but if someone made you look that awful on national tv, repeatedly, can you blame them? ()
depends how you approach college frfr
i mean of course individual experience varies but i feel like you have no ambition for yourself college doesn't really help you
is it bad when my amber alert went off about ahmad khan rahami my first thought was "oh shit, thats like in gta!!!"?
shout out to state of emergency on ps2!
i look forward to telling the truth about his involvement with .
good luck with that truth telling from cc...he wouldn't know the truth if it stopped him in a bridgelane
just added to the fri, 10/28 lineup: !
were their hugo
excited to see today for our mamarazzi event!
so great to be here with
how you lawsuit going. chip off the old block. stealing shoe designs and reproducing cheap knock offs abroad.
same lying hypocrite as your dad. is this what you want to teach your children. one grandfather is already in jail.
world cup of hockey on my tv, baby rangers on my computer, and a beer in my hand.. what a great day off
i work from home. today is a good day for hockey!
i agree for not only has she stated public , people the :
well look what new stadiums have done for other cities. minneapolis sf pittsburgh it can happen in here!
welcome to utah !
please talk about climate change being a real thing
hillary "remember, refugees did not do 9/11.." that's right, saudis did ...those folks that enslave women, kill ga...
another foundation donation to insure you bring terrorists into our country. btw your doing a fine job
i wore and jerseys first few weeks, which now means i'm wearing raiders jerseys just in case i'm the jinx
thanks! i too have stopped getting jerseys but i may keep wearing my white mathews. hmmmm
so here's a thing. cover your iphone 7 home button with material (like from a t-shirt) and try to click it.
make sure it's locked first and validate that touchid also isn't affected...otherwise it's a non-thing.
still owe some kind words for laughing when i said cam better then russ
and i'd like to reiterate that if you talking about any season before this season you're still high.
buckeyes and dodgers are on a roll.
norman was awesome - great town great stadium.. didnt get to see the checkwagon the field was wet - ou let band do script ohio
the suggested data plan here for people my age is 1.2gb so i got it a week ago. today i got a message i was out of data.
where's hugh he should've seen this coming and at least overcompensated
they are much worse.. they are muslim brotherhood..
indeed just saying
i thought that it was at route 9 ....
thats his " home" office
some shots i was able to take during my trip to hawaii
oooof great shots! can't wait till i get to go to hawaii
which is sad. they might actually talk about the work.
exactly my point
it was that policing shows have,and enforce, limits on how you can think about police.
i'm signing off for now, but just fyi, all of us at svu discuss the issues you raised &amp; try hard to shed light. other shows don't.
one of my favorites
becky balboa babayyyy lol
thanks - we are using your app right now
mondays at grind = best mondays ever!
always, i'm trying not to let it get me like that today
i hear that.
i eh get how focking who i want have to do with self respect uh, i lost
i tryn work it out there, i yet to find the answer
here we go. try this
cannot thank you enough for taking the time to find this link for me (and everyone else)!
why do you always run away instead of trying to prove your point, your belief? you can't &amp; that is why you turn away.god bless
trying to prove a point to a closed minded person is like committing suicide. there's no upside to it. and i'm not suicidal.
depends how you approach college frfr
help you achieve more outside of your chosen field
kind of like how doctors believed in phrenology in 1900, but have since learned better in 2016!
i'd say that phrenology is better than mutilating a woman's vagina via episiotomy.
you should start calling yourself "alt-left" - no
it's a no from me too.
remember when destabilized the middle east and made it a haven for terrorists? no, the other time.
your wife sadly is her puppet master..how did she get vetted to work for hillary???
my question is when's this jawn dropping
its dropping tonight lets go
still gon eat it lol
yup. and im here for women entrepreneurs lol
remind me of kroger video significance ?
showed arochi using squeegee on trunk and wiping passenger side door
i'm signing off for now, but just fyi, all of us at svu discuss the issues you raised &amp; try hard to shed light. other shows don't.
that's why it's tough to see svu scapegoated in this way. we may not always succeed, but we are trying...
i like to share them with others.
aww, that's so sweet of you! generosity is rare these days
ok i think we are done here with thank you all for the love and support of on take care
nooo! can't believe i missed it.
must be nice
text me now.
athens - greece
gorgeous. i adore the brilliant colors. delilghtful
jill stein &amp; co aren't "green" green. their politics more a babyshit, or gas station sushi vomit, green.
-that's a great, vivid, and appropriate description of jill stein's politics.
i really wish i liked it because i have to take the second one too
yeah me too
sounds eerily similar to the materials inside the boston bombs
he has been captured after putting a bullet in a officers vest, &amp; shooting at another police car.
ugh i'm not even on his plan anymore....i have to pay for this myself!
jesus thats out of my area of experience and expertise so sorry to hear that
hey , your terminal is great hear in new york... but it's slightly awkward that "atlantis" by the artist is playing
whoops "here"
that's why it's tough to see svu scapegoated in this way. we may not always succeed, but we are trying...
... while others are actively playing into what you describe. i'd ask you to give that ep (&amp; some others) another look.
orrrrr your not gonna do nothing at all tf thats nasty
why u fronting like i won't pull up and eat the booty
show this and if true how does this show neanderthal are homosapiens?
"how does this show neanderthal are homosapiens?"&lt;--i don't believe it does.
all the girls that " think like a man " = thot
i guess lol
that would be great in an ideal situation lmao we'll see
lmao at least if he fails the next 2 years. we have dak for the future, feels much better knowing that
happy birthday.
thanks carrrrl
i had deep fried oreo (bunyols, diguem-ne) today. totally approve
deep fried oreos are not acceptable bunyols. never been, never will
happy 16th birthday al al
thank you tor tor ly
god is her face annoying, a real chip off the old block
i agree. i think her nose is growing from all her lies.
shhhuknow if1is an 'islamist'if they're not4djt
you know if 1 is a orpsycho=if they're not4trump
and then come to portland
and then back to san jose
don't forget to post some progress photos!
i'll be sure to! hoping to get started on destroying its existing paint this week
show this please. neanderthals and homo sapiens are two different species.
yes, neanderthal and h sapiens are two different species......of humans.
we want to help - please email office.org.za or call 0800 12 13 14 or sms 31393 &amp; we'll call you
thank you all!!! she will email today.
sure, let me have a job where i clock out at 3pm every day.
probably have to leave at that time to guarantee a parking spot in their neighborhood.
i will be there in dec/jan
yesss!!! definitely need to hang :))))
thermopylae hot take: i'm sure the 300 spartans were very brave but let's be honest the pass did most of the work
don't forget the 2500 other greeks. also, they were steamrolled and killed to a man in the end.
we could either infer the anon type or fall back to a denotable super type. pros and cons to each.
as long it compiles.... :-)
whos u-melt?
i don't even know
looks like a walking boot/cast...if i was given a pair i would wear them. not likely to spend $225...
are these the authintic australian sheepskinn uggs . that are made in china
justin will never find another girl like hailey in the hollywood world, he's so fucking dumb.. i'm just saying..
she's not even going to see him tomorrow
i got carded in boston when i was 34. ten years ago. hah!
i got carded in london when i was 34 last year whilst trying to buy wine.i think the dude at the shop was yanking my chain.
can't wait to see what he looks like in an orange jump suit.
can you say great pumpkin?
i hate automatic toilets
shit splashing you at the utmost inconvenience
islamist bomber ahmad khan rahami traveled to afghanistan where he was radicalized
the police and fbi did a great job finding him..bravo....
so today was a crappy ass day
i'm so sorry. it's only one day, it will get better tomorrow!
wow - true?! ": is 93% renewably powered all over the world. " part of responsibility
that's what said. in the us, it is 100%
notice how 2010 is earlier on a timeline than 2013, when the def was changed &amp; 2016 aka now?
it is a def. for data collection. it has no legal nor social significance.
wishin i was church house!they got the red ropes out &amp; on the gram! lol what's goin on *marvin gaye voice
they must have lost our invites lol
right on, my friend! couldn't be happier to oblige hope you have an awesome week. thanks for the blog shares -paul
-paul how about an ama w/my cofounder prabhjot singh @ about mobile growth hacking
happy bday boo hope you have a great one!
thanks boo!
also: 1) this quiz is basically a marketing survey rebranded as consumer-facing products 2) oooooof some questions
i let out an audible "ugh." and the person next to me looked at me funny when i read this one
i'm quite happy to be fair, how are you?
today i'm confused at how to detect sarcasm in 140 characters, but otherwise just dandy. you crazy kids and your internet.
john paul white is performing at hardly strictly this year and i'm not sure if i want to open that door just yet
but yall know i will because jp and joy were my life
rex ryan thinks cardinals may be "exact team" bills need to play
rex ryan is delusional
oh say it isn't so,
"almost"....
i got carded in london when i was 34 last year whilst trying to buy wine.i think the dude at the shop was yanking my chain.
is my witness!
now just picture him as potus and saying this!! pathetic
truly pathetic, it cannot happen
athens - greece
wonderful photograph seref sezgin
little selfie on a monday
absolutely gorgeous and fantastic smile!!
they can make a policy about that in public spaces or otherwise reasonably open areas other than pointing out its rude to take pics?
yes and apparently will attempt to ban people for it
i hate automatic toilets
like no i will decide when we're done
kelly: "everybody owns when we lose a game, everybody owns when we win. good teams evaluate themselves and take ownership."
first things first, get a damn qb. blaine gabbert is trash
athens - greece
beautiful view
bokeh city by black station:
this is amazing!!
millennials have cooled on hillary clinton, forcing a campaign reset via
- tell hillary to reset in hell !there is no way we will allow her to win this election. we have no choice but stop her
. it's irresponsible to run this headline without pointing out that this is a bold-faced lie.
. the huge list of trump's lies did not decrease with birther announcement, a new lie replaced the old.
is this the onion
i said it before and i'll say it again:
if hillary had a nov 28th court hearing for fraud and racketeering the media would cover it daily, but donald gets a pass?
don't forget the child rape case starting on oct 14th. they haven't mentioned that either.
happy birthday !! miss you! hope you're doing good.
thanks girl!!!! means a lot! hope everything is gr8
what's for lunch friends?
i'm having soup and salad if you care
i know who i want to do my tat, but i would love to see some suggestions!!?
what you getting!
yo is your music library stuck in 05?
it's actually a youtube on playlist but i rarely listen to current music.
koffee: cultivating knowledge from a community of black thinkers via
how do i get added to my made list? also, now that i've been hunted, when will i get pub permission on ph?
notice how 2010 is earlier on a timeline than 2013, when the def was changed &amp; 2016 aka now?
2010 may be factually earlier on a timeline than 2013, but "outdated" is just a conclusion.
sneaky :) btw, where was your video?
we're working and something fancy for you guys. wait for next week ...
good idea trumpy, be a newscaster and leave america out of your meglomaniacal delusions.
yup, perfect for him he can speak directly to his alt-right people
i know.. :((
yeah i heard french beliebers asked her and she said no rudely
ahmad khan rahami family is blaming americans for his jihad well i guess when you are building bombs at the family store you need a alibi!
time to deport terrorists enablers ..
proud of the catherine numbers at hoping we can push it to 32! let's make this bracket real!
wish i could go, but such short notice.
watch the game replay. it was a really good one: stepinac 42, iona prep 34 - news 12 varsity via
great game,both could win the rest of the year,step had 10 new starters on off, isn't that rebuilding year?
instead i'm not playing the bum ass xbox
i switched from xbox to ps4 and i miss nothing but xbox live
ugh. i have a terrible cold. anyone have any remedies that don't involve imbibing roadkill or whisky?
slam yourself with odwalla/naked brand super c's, they coat your insides, power up your immune system, at least 4000 mg a day.
what the fuck what's this about?
oops wrong person. thanks for the spell check
would rather double up the budget and go for some bose q35
after all my bluetooth experiences i'll probably only get stuff with the w1
the real missing piece is serving putative replicate groups back up to the analyst for vetting and action
entity resolution, mapping, dedupping are major time sucks/headaches, would be great to attack this full on
nyt front-page story yesterday - the day after attacks in mn/ny/nj: "hate crimes against american muslims most since post 9-11 era."
the truth shall be revealed sucks
that rape case was withdrawn last friday they say they will refile with additional witness
someone was threatened or paid off b/c they had a signed affidavit from a witness.
agreed. the race card shouldn't be played out of convenience. that causes divisiveness not unity.
since when america was united ???? had justice for all??? this country system was created by whites 4 whites only
it's our last stand america. your streets will be filled with terrorism if hillary is elected. she is sleeping with the enemy!
i like that!
sounds eerily similar to the materials inside the boston bombs
had undergone radicalizing in af'stan &amp; frivolously sued police as preemptive measure to keep them off him.
i'll fast with you
awesome bro. the more the better.
i hope lucas wasn't talking sir paul into digitally enhancing old beatles records
is that sarah palin or the snl chick who plays her?
you know if 1 is a orpsycho=if they're not4trump
manhattan bond girl knows all traitorbadpeople are not for
hey stop giving cousins excuses...dont be afraid to say he just isnt good.
not yet - too early for that
big pat on the back for officers/authorities able to bring in the ny bomber alive... meanwhile
guess a stalled black motorist is more threatening than a serial bomber
thank u for taking a stand. my portion for my epipen is over $600 (that's with ins) i have to save up to save my life. sad!
hi, i'm a reporter writing about epipen. would like to talk to you about your experience -- jill.disis.com.
appreciate the16 hours on the west coast. like watching cff before bed when the wife yells. that's enough football for one day
ha! thanks for watching man
so the fact i was driving dont matter huh
no! because i still have gotten a "thank you"!
john what's ur major?
business administration and maddy i got you. there's only one good accounting professor at mcc and i got her
new alt detected.
this guy has a lot of good ideas imo
the brand here is tactuo. it's benzoyl peroxide and adapalene. it literally shrank a red and painful pimple and i'm grateful
adapalene will keep you looking young forever
a muslim yells "allah akbar &amp; stabs people who aren't muslim but cnn is worried about anti-muslim backlash in mn.
self defense is not a cnn option; . will defend.
went to the pharmacy to pick up my epipen..... "that'll be $641.00" oh, and the insurance already paid $130 whyyyyy meeeeee. not today!
hi, i'm a reporter writing about epipen. would like to talk to you about your experience -- jill.disis.com.
why cite outdated data? cuz it fits your false narrative? and no mention of paris, brussels, nice?
you don't know what my narrative is. you asked a question.
ugh. i have a terrible cold. anyone have any remedies that don't involve imbibing roadkill or whisky?
for four or fives days straight, vitamin c, from super c's...bombard yourself !
i will never believe that a family member or friend did not have any suspicions about what this terrorist was up to!
- thank you you are a wonderful patriot, and will stand by you 24/7, my dear friend. thank you. lloyd stowe, hemet ca
thanks. and lindsay , kingston, brockville,belleville ontario ? here we come.
just got this from lilly congratulations! you have been confirmed for one meet &amp; greet with terri for this show..
the rupaul one
right?!? ha. so many stories in just one image..
how about no?
fronting ass nikka
you need to quit fantasy
naa still 2-0 though! just need some waiver wire pickups!!
. it seems you only respond to public tweets. i dm'd you my # like you asked. still no call. your customer service is appalling.
. i can't wait to get these tix and cancel our two hundred and fifty dollar a year subscription service. thanks for being the worst
i spend half my life searching for food on yelp
but did you really tho
love those buns! yum!!!
easy now!! those are my wife's buns!!!
lollll what ?
if u wanna text someone just text them. how old are we
this is the clear one it's in the box in the pic and it does work really good
i love it!! it just makes my lips tingle and it's deadass so weird
ready to roll. hope you don't mind waiting until then.
don't mind at all. let's do this.
.: "lets us be vigilant, but not afraid. we have faced threats before."
sounds like a robot
: , , and more crown this season's winner
i wish they were voting because i don't have any faith in this jury
a den of vipers.
couldn't have happened to more deserving group of perverted "patriots." they are the enemy from within.
they won't notice they're enslaved until the day it bites them personally in the ass.
that's the truth they say the way you convert a liberal into a conservative is to wait for them to be mugged
great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
obama actually thought more of police officers just to get hillary elected
i got $5 on it that &amp; used islamophobia to justify ahmad khan rahami's actions.
i got a $100 on trump's big mouth. his videos are being used to radicalize terrorists.
yo you gotta explain this kirk cousins in the next drew brees. i'd like to hear a full explanation before i disagree
i did a breakdown last year...in his first 25 games he was actually better than brees first 25
your source site is the fbi,they updated the definition, ergo that is outdated
"ergo that is outdated"&lt;--that is a conclusion, not a fact.
corey: are they listening to kevin gates??? me: i hope not
idk why you hate my boy gates
that &amp; this:
oh ya, i've dealt with that very thing with youtube actually. a friend let me use her music in my video, of which she owns.
sure. but afaik it bases its curatorial choices on the social popularity of the images it reshares.
like on and the worst drug. could 's image feed be useful as a training set, ?
looks like pics and gifs working for longer twitter, but not links yet?
oh, maybe i misread. links still included in 140 with roll out today? but they won't be eventually, right?
this weather tho
still a beauty..
twice calm down
we wouldn't have issues if everyone had just agreed to being brother wives
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
exactly right
i don't like the look.of it . dji announcing something in couple of weeks
dji is going to have to keep it the same with the phantom series but make a sport version.. that's my prediction
my new venture: kale exctasy pressed pills
good call man... a rise in vegans in the last year... im with it
no sir. just can't allow for fiction to be told as fact.
i'm glad i have you keeping an eye on me. i always valued good editors. more or less.
i am the internet of things (iot)! :)
then, i am the
your source site is the fbi,they updated the definition, ergo that is outdated
"the definition"? what definition would that be? the def. for data collection? lol
i don't remember the order of questions, but that is not the most ugh-inducing, or at least it wasn't for me
fair, that one just rubbed me the wrong way. i didn't understand the sauce one - did they mean actual sauces e.g honey mustard?
good intentions and research, not as good of an outcome:
britney's quote is out of place because mariah's breakdown was caused by stress related to work whereas britney has mental health issues.
what? says nj/ny is 'lucky' terrorist used 'explosive rather than guns'
nyc is lucky the terrorist didn't use anthrax, with obama and mayor de blasio's help " anyday now ??
i use a retin a cream for my face and tactuo for those pimples that pop up
adapalene is the generic of retin a
this article could also be tited '6 things and don't do and does.'
they were able to get people on upgrade plans like jod a unlike you.
new videos coming this week! i need to relax and unwind today because i'm so exhausted from this weekend! i'm trying to upload tomorrow!
i didn't see you this weekend!
's plan is a joke on parents of all genders
especially since ivanka doesn't give it to her employees, lies like her father/paramour.
happy birthday - to the united states air force!!
i surely hope you do not fail and i am counting o it
"the definition"? what definition would that be? the def. for data collection? lol
the def. of 'rape' for matters of data collection is not the issue here. the law is the issue.
on hold with and they are playing 's "1234" over and over and over again... which i'm honestly not mad at.
on hold with again and once more it's on a loop. this is so strange.
lol u been on twitter for a little to long today mr tamas
yeah ive been in the back of the dealership watching rediculousness cuz its dead lmao
hillary clinton on combatting terrorism: 'i know how to do this'
yeah sure you do! just like all those lives you saved in benghazi.
that &amp; this:
but because her music was distributed by cd baby i got a copyright claim too. no matter what i did or who i talked to...
eddie jones was able to make admiral improvement on dylan hartley but the fact he won't go near ashton says a lot. man is a chump.
hartley move as a stroke of genius, i thought he was a level below ashton. just goes to show what i know ?
bc he's dumb
let's not say that let's just say he was having a hard time back then
was he also wearing a diploma for a safety course and a note from a dr. declaring him sane?
no, i noticed him because i smelled the small cigar he was smoking, then saw the gun. but i wasn't sure if it was illegal
census data: 10 million immigrants to enter us under her first term.
- hell no.. we must stop her. she is the devil and now the trojan horse of islam
phl is the worst airport. it actually smells bad.
shut the fuck up melodie
fuck, that danny brown/kendrick lamar/earl sweatshirt/ab soul track just dropped
i have wanted this for 5 years
genuinely confused
tired of you
as i watch czechs-europes at an empty acc, i wonder: if you're creating gimmick teams, why not canada 2? canadeuce! free idea, nhl.
why isn't toronto the self proclaimed hockey mecca..unable to fill the arena for every game?
, continued. hillary averaging 40% in three states pres. obama won.
tell that to hillary as we don't care a bit about that
for the past few months my sense of self-worth and self-esteem has been so low but i'm happy to say that i'm feeling better than ever and
i adore you. you wonderful wonderful human being
match what? it's another fox informercial for trump.
actually, she should be doing some friendly-territory/casual interviews. she obviously needs to be seen as more human/likeable
trump camp jumping on this news fast. will likely discuss at 3p rally --&gt;
the question should be where were they from &amp; how this happened since it's not easy 2 get citizenship. looks like fowl play!
having a year of it in high school helps. my biggest grievance isn't the conceptual complexity, but the amt of work between lec&amp;lab
oh it was quite rigorous at my school as well but i'm sure you'll do just fine :) the pedagogy of brandeis shall not fail you
october 5
that's not to far
question: why didn't fbi recommend &amp; doj not issue indictment? answer
president obama would not allow justice..
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
watched one interview on news accept this as our "new way of life" i sickened &amp; outraged that anyone finds this acceptable
that &amp; this:
i couldn't get my channel white listed, even with written consent from the creator of the music myself.
i thought it was some sophistication. obviously not.
that boy put out like 8 bombs and aint kill no one. they found him sleepin on the street. lol
as i watch czechs-europes at an empty acc, i wonder: if you're creating gimmick teams, why not canada 2? canadeuce! free idea, nhl.
you, and i are 3 people watching....isn't that enough?
dreading hearing that my car needs 100s of dollars in work...
labor alone usually runs that much, standard rate is about $80/hour
the def. of 'rape' for matters of data collection is not the issue here. the law is the issue.
the law does not define 'rape' in the same way that the fbi 2013 data-collection def. defines it.
everybody lmaoo shit was extra loud
thought it was an amber alert
today has been a fun day of l taking so far
everyday of my life
i watch ur crappy show when is on i most certainly won't be watching going forward
u love when is on ur shitty show 2boost ratings yet u have gall2 diss him in front of libs
they gave the birds laxatives
i'm fucking done this is so funny i'm crying
was he also wearing a diploma for a safety course and a note from a dr. declaring him sane?
also there weren't any police officers anywhere to flag down to ask or report him, and 911 seemed like an overreaction
trump puts out new statement:
how will you do that ? i would imagine they know that most people think they are "radical islamic terrorists".
look how improved be oline was on the right when newhouse left
that was the only way we could get him out of there!
too bad! we were never joking, !
i know chuck i loved cruz too he is not an option now if god wanted him in final 2 it would have happened
that &amp; this:
obviously the system is set up to benefit the corporations money, not the creators.
sickos! the haters need help. taking over show every night this week. desperate losers need my golden tou...
sue for "irresponsible intent" or "hosting while smug" or other made up things.
it's kinda scary because it's basically us.
take my sweet hand in marriage
i cried a little reading this lol
this is an ivy league education
listen you should quit your campaign now; ahmad khan rahami is a stark reminder that your party cannot protect america
and how will trump?? they are already here and being radicalized by trump's big mouth.
dji is going to have to keep it the same with the phantom series but make a sport version.. that's my prediction
what do you think about and their direction for phantom? i'm saying a sport series!
strategy &amp; update now w/ moscone west 2007
i'm so sorry for can't joining the session, i'm in an important meeting somewhere in union square.
i voted against gun safety legislation right after but i'll defer victims' student loans slick!
there was no gun safety legislation...only an unconstitutional attack on the second amendment. your rebranding failed...again
thanks for 4000 followers, honestly blown away and this is just the beginning
you deserve it boo
future of the frat
the man himself
every 12 hours my dude
can i be the tester? ill bring my gloves
saw a guy sitting in his car in a kohls parking lot with a vr headset on
i love to practice my run for max bargains
some shit we would do
that's odee
talks a big talk but after 30yrs being an insider and too many years of failed policy she can't back it up!
- hrc has not done anything in 30 yrs but bring isis to the usa - bring muslims to america, bring shit to our land. !!
creating shadows is not my strong point but ah well i tried
it looks awesome! xd
you better think long &amp; hard about your vote ahmad khan rahami ...
i can't watch her
kinda indirectly said i could be king in a year or two at smoke. pro. con is he thinks i'm 16 or 17...could be worse lol
lol because he pointed at you when i asked. i appreciate you coming out last night doc have a great week
best part of the day
honestly &amp; were hilarious
trump brags he manipulates press saying he will do q&amp;a but instead does infomercial-pleases himself
trump has been lying and conning the public since the 1970s, so sad to see so many falling for his bs
no, it was his inability to lift weights or work out for months after his 3 winter surgeries... he says he can main...
many elite athletes, including ultimate fighters, other nfl players &amp; weight lifters are plantbased.
wow! my latest post has more than doubled traffic to my site already today! everyone loves i guess!
email broadcasted it via our social media advocacy community :). thanks for writing!
good intentions and research, not as good of an outcome:
to discuss the album as the breakdown &amp; not the music is unfair given how the it wasn't her worst and history has proven it.
agree (though the guest analyst is actually complimenting twitter, saying that this was a good first step)
ah. good to hear then.
to do this on a significant scale will require new subsidies and probably new regulatory levers as well.
i think the subsidies are in place and many cities have a long history of cooperative housing scenarios.
was he also wearing a diploma for a safety course and a note from a dr. declaring him sane?
maybe he was going to work as a security guard? do they carry guns? crazy. i know nothing, obviously.
and...i just turned morning joe off. for good.
i'm getting to that point. when they were sucking up to trump i stopped watching. then they stopped so i went back.
the coolest thing i've done today (sent a text about bandaids v early with lasers)
i guarantee has bandaids. home girl is always ready to defend a blister
borh the good and bad part are usa.
boy ain't that the truth. sounds like the definition of life on earth to me
are you going to show the science that says this or just keep repeating it the assertion?
uh, do u know the scientific classification name for neanderthals?
saying you are "keeping it real" doesn't mean you are right or are actually keeping it real.
usually if someone says "i'm just keepin' it real" i don't believe 'em, but if someone else say "he/she keeps it real" i trust em
and his song the reason for this shit anyway lol
i've lost most of my friends because i chose to make better decisions. so many ended up dead or in jail.
i think the subsidies are in place and many cities have a long history of cooperative housing scenarios.
for a cooperative solution i mean.
you, and i are 3 people watching....isn't that enough?
i may turn this off to play more nhl17...more doc &amp; edzo...&amp; no pierre (missed the gen where nbc starting sponsoring :/
thought it was an amber alert
deadass that's the first time that happen . i was half way sleep . when i fully woke up i see it all online i'm like wtf
trap=truckers?
i mean, there was a time when i'd considered becoming a trucker, but most people don't know that
i will be at the magic kingdom when it turns 50. mark. my. words.
i'll be there a week after it turns 45...
that reminds have you watched the horror docs killer legends, and crospey?
cropsey i have, not killer legends. i'll add that to the list! thanks bae!
donald trump repeats calls for police profiling following new york city area explosions.
more bs talk from the donald. we know who they are?? really
well, i think by allowing it to be leaked you could even say the band leaked it, but ya, definitely a possibility
perhaps to drum for excitement on the album. worked on me
what about the strip club issue.another case of selective reading. wake up born free
why are you getting touchy ? i merely highlighted that 1500 was improbable! you need to wake up here!
wise men are not always silent, but they know when to be.
wise women choose their words carefully, and are prepared to always back them up!
which chicks are you referring to
all of them
also the rhinestones are missing from his bow
kf and the case of the missing rhinestones
turns out new girl is like so funny who knew
co-sign. that winston kills me!
demands are only effective when backed up by force...
if i can help get nosey if she's in jersey or upstate ny, i'm there. dm if necessary.
ahhhhh. so season 2 isn't any better than season 1?
i actually think s1 was kind of interesting but yeah, s2 goes terribly wrong as they try to pivot
he's trying at a video game? toxic! call reddit! i want to mindlessly run around and but he's telling me not to!!! toxic
tbf there are plenty of people in the thread calling these tools out. especially fuck that baseball-watching dude
eric campbell's wife kristin gave birth to daughter ella kathryn on saturday.
this could be a devestating blow if he goes on paternity leave
come party with us!
where you guys at!? when! details!
this is correct: nature works like software engineering with all the horrible things that entails
tl;dr: wasps in your figs are a feature
i didn't know that
they work so well though!! i started with recently and it's 20 bucks a month but they specially formulate!
new york times does the same. trying to inflate the print numbers for advertising revenue etc.
comcast does the same with cable box + wifi! wonder if this is why
excited about minter for 's video
excited about minter for the 's video
damn. judging by the volume of "introduction" emails i'm getting from founders, they are starting to hit an inflection point.
say more? who is sending intros??
is terrorist himself. he should be arrested for treason.
unbelievable, it's no wonder there aren't more attacks
showing up to class 10 minutes late with food bc senior year
whoops. missed the pop quiz. oh well
trump puts out new statement:
wtf is cheetonazi gonna do, insult them to stop them? fire up the ovens? nuke all muslim countries?
in 20 minutes, prime minister will be sitting with right here. streaming live on...
such a babe!!!
his scientifical opinion: "it is visually indistinguishable from perfect" in color reproduction.
*insane* to achieve.
what best describes who you are and where you come from ?
my southern upbringing, race, gender, faith, marriage and motherhood all major influences...
yeah but he will never find another friend like hails
yeah that is true she was always there for him
you will endure! you will make it! your dreams will become reality! you're not ordinary! you're exceptional! i love you! god loves you
this was really just what i needed! thank you! god bless you!
i am shocked that trump was manipulating racists within republican ranks to gain power. i am sooooo disappointed to learn this :-)
why are you shocked? log on to politicususa or politifact to learn the truth abt both candidates &amp; both parties.
it's roger angell's birthday! instead of struggling to recommend my favorite piece of his, read all of them. or buy one of his collections.
he's that good. really.
we're working through orders as quickly as possible, you'll receive an email as soon as it ships :)
can you please inform me if my case has shipped?
two weeks and two acl injuries. meh.
as &amp; fans, we're use to this stuff. hopefully, the bolts will be like the mets &amp; thrive despite all this.
features $ 100 for 33 minutes hmu b4 deals over
21 minutes left wake up
2008: look at that google street view mapping car! 2016: look at that uber self-driving car! 2024: look at that human driving a car!
2032: look at that human!
like boston, no?
probably learned to make bombs, wth is going on in this world.
uh, do u know the scientific classification name for neanderthals?
"the binomial name for neanderthal is homo neanderthalensis."
rare video of ritu and his friends
i see there
uber ride is lit rn lmao ayyy
lmao we always stay lit
ah. good to hear then.
one observation: the time delay between broadcast and twitter meant i saw tweets about events that hadn't streamed on twitter yet.
should i make leslie a flipagram or collage?!?!?!
a collage within a flipagram
no, it was his inability to lift weights or work out for months after his 3 winter surgeries... he says he can main...
a friend of mine is a vegan weightlifter. it's harder to maintain and build mass for sure. but it's possible.
ereck flowers is slowly but surely coming along for the giants. two straight positive grades.
ereck flowers appears to be a very passionate, emotional player. i think a winning locker room spiithelps him push himself
blockchain: a tamper-evident record of state transitions. create a hashchain of your sql log lines &amp; call it a day.
brb, patenting this tweet selling it to accenture.
o to write with the ego and certitude of an architect!
it's the foundation of their being
ereck flowers appears to be a very passionate, emotional player. i think a winning locker room spiithelps him push himself
this year opposed to last two years
miss you too but love hearing your voice on these podcasts! these are so wonderful!
thank you!!!
more magic &amp; commitment! lovely 2meetu darian
thanks to everyone for attending the socap roundtable &amp; hope to keep in touch!
seriously i've been told by my doctor not to mix them
maybe they're slightly different forms? so if you use both you'll dry out your skin?
simi valley lol tonight
dammit if i had a ride i'd be so down to come out haha take a shot of tequila for me
got rid of hourly billing in 2011 and never looked back. more money, less hours and smarter clients.
got rid of it in 2008 and spent the last 8 years trying to explain it to others
lol because he pointed at you when i asked. i appreciate you coming out last night doc have a great week
lol older friend threw me right under the bus for being younger! love your tunes. beautiful as always. see you again soon!
that rape case was withdrawn last friday they say they will refile with additional witness
why? they had a witness.
thank you!!....one thing i do know........a white women &amp; black women with the same degree wont make the same mone...
true, we see from eeoc and labor records the biggest gainers from affirmative action has been &amp; is white females as 2 income
i've been tracking this as a reporter: is the drone listed as for sale by company or by a seller (look in sold by on amazon)?
both times they were marked, sold by: llc.
definitely not the same person lol
i'll give either kids right now
letter from more than 50 former officials urges donald trump to detail his foreign dealings
can't be president. too many conflicts of interest. needs to be stopped now.
instead of glorifying murderers like the msm, here is jason falconer, who killed the terrorist in the minnesota mall
no, noooooo, i'm sure it was a quick-thinking activist who took out the filthy jihadi brute. right?
there are 4 candidates on enough ballots to win the presidency. all 4 of us should be in the debates.
delusional 3% jillster wants to siphon votes for and . don't help her....
"the binomial name for neanderthal is homo neanderthalensis."
'homo' is the genus. 'homo' is latin for 'human'.
smart signing by with sweet lou. hernangomez, plumlee, ndour are untested on nba stage.
how manta point guards do we have again? no you're right let's add another power forward...
okay and now i am disgusted with marc jacobs
what he do?
anyone with bluetooth headphones know if it's easy (a pleasant experience) to switch between your iphone and your mac?
yeah. not bad at all. in macos, the volume icon allows easily switching output. ios, 3d touch on settings icon goes to bt.
hey , can we get an energy counter that involved mega man e storage or what? i mean, let's get into the real talk.
i was going crazy trying to figure out if there were old mega man cards that might have the e tank, but had no luck
it's so beautiful ! you have to
for sure! i'm speaking it into existence to make sure i do lol
story of my life omg it's impossible
i know or you have to order them online and can't try them on in store !
i've been tracking this as a reporter: is the drone listed as for sale by company or by a seller (look in sold by on amazon)?
but the current product page says fulfilled by amazon. not quite sure if that's the same thing or not.
it intrigues me that there are actually people who are able to jump out of bed every morning all happy &amp; smiling ready to face their day
most of the time i go to war with my mind over if i should get up or not
of course they're gonna want to install more panels. they charge for production.
. they are the absolute worst. they knew we were gone 60% of the year. now we pay hundreds of dollars @ an empty house.
well, i guess i'm gonna start using my full auto+ replenish pc again, never saw it in the notes
spread changes "reduced," not eliminated from full auto. sounds like it now ohkos same range, less consistently.
thanks so great to see them back
i know and with the cutest scenes yet. i love that harry coaxed leah and lucas with money and sweets.
what walking into a 50 min class 36 minutes late, but the prof don't take attendance looks like:
her name's davonne. she's from 'big brother' the tv show
word "disrespect" assumes that people's actions are aimed at those people rather than more complex issues intersecting them.
while i understand their argument, i cannot fathom supporting kneeling during the national anthem on 9/11 feet from military.
she blinded me with scissors
like this one a lot. strong top ten choice. congrats.
for some reason i can't see my mentions
good! i'm talking about you in them
how long will it last?
won't be patched for a while you'll def get your money worth
this is the second time i lose that watch after millers thursday!!!
lmfao u still cant find it?!
maybe, but we can certainly limit it to the point of relative peace at home
not maybe. never.
...references were kinda clever (others... not so much). plus the premise is neat. but yeah, all over the place really.
season 2 is a lot like the amazing spider-man films actually and yeah, that's a bad thing
i think she's still supporting him but she's just mad atm
yeah and justin switched hotels because hailey was there
i played some pankapu last night and it was very fun. scales well to 4k too
trying to make me buy a new monitor or tv, too? what a good friend! :d
season 2 is a lot like the amazing spider-man films actually and yeah, that's a bad thing
like it's trying to create the large scale universe that cw has managed but is centered in on batman villains to form it
i see that it's your birthday..... happy birthday!! hope it's well!! much love.
it is! turning 20, thank you! also i am the absolute worst i still haven't left reviews i'm sorry! college eats up my time
. are you going to be buying the new ? which one?
get this fucking cuck off my page
it's not! what's the link?
current link: and the screenshot attached is from my invoice.
from what i hear, universally people don't think it feels like a click. but mixed opinions on whether it's a good thing or not
i liked it. on the strongest setting of 3. it feels like one less thing that'll break. makes my mind happy
not unique. most election where right wing parties win the poor consistently vote to get screwed (aka median voter hypothesis)
mvh and why it doesn't hold true. ronald benabou wrote about it quite a bit.
i just googled it and retin a and adapalene are different generations of retinoids, not the generic brand
ahh i was close!
silence thine tongue of slander upon ndour.
didnt they give ndour a 2 year guarantee? why wouldn't he make team than?
still a little pang though, eh? i'd have that plus anxiety about how i looked! :-)
in spades. not sure if he saw me
nicole tells paul the jurors will have their minds made up by the time they give their f2 speech. he disagrees.
yup! its been that way since bb11, i would give anything to go back to bb10 days
this is what it was like in london for years when the ira was setting bombs. no garbage cans at all.
yup. i lived in london from fall of 1990 through june 1991. no bins anywhere, especially in the tube.
at fox news -americas newsroom hq team shepard smith reporting team kelly file team o'reilly factor team
did you see this ? today's word of the day- "treason"
started happening again, right around ios 10 gm release here's another sighting
sigh... zero reports all through betas; i wonder what's different :(
the gop is caving on a host of issues in the cr. will they at least stand up to cronyism &amp; block the ex-im bank?
to many republicans are in it for the wealth and fame, they will sell their vote to the highest bidder ???
but you told me you guys drove to the farm .. so your tweet is a lie
i plead the fifth
everyone who's involved and dedicated to music please come!!!
oh tru yea i'll come back
i wish i could parse that term the way you want me to, for once
okay look this time it's all on you for once probably
tonight's starting lineup.
i am happy with the lineup. lets get some more wins guys.
'homo' is the genus. 'homo' is latin for 'human'.
all species of the genus homo are thus humans. humans date to 2.8mya when homo habilis appeared.
early nominee for "69 of the week" unfortunately the kid did not have a "little pimp" jersey
worst thing in this pic is the awful beverage selection of the photographer
thanks. the good work is always the hardest. raising kids isn't easy but i can see your well acquainted with the food fight
oh yes!!! definitely familiar!!! lol
can't be gotg, maybe alien: covenant?
we have a winner...because i'm pretty positive it's the latter...
finally, a jrpg willing to expose the truth about chemtrails
who's kim trails
my mans alec snapped with all these snacks
you know why you got them
convinced ur dumbass took it &amp; threw it somewhere in your car, when i see you ima search that car like a cop looking for drugs
lmfao i checked the usual spots u throw shit it and found nothing. i'll check again later. and i heard bww tomorrow?!
to the lady behind me who yelled out "hey, don't do that!" this one's for you... "hail to pitt" ...
great photo. a true pitt man. always were blue collar. a complete team player. h2p
saudi arabia commits massive human rights violations in their country and others, especially yemen.
they pay hillary
we don't really have nachos. but do you like really good, perfectly cooked steak?
oh pace, you almost had me, alas our love will never be, for i am a vegetarian
some gems right there.
oh yeah thanks bro
well thank you very much - i'd love to - will let you know when i'm next in bay area, though won't be until after season.
sounds good. if you happen to be in town sooner pls let me know. thanks! jason.appelbaum.com
microservices minus the hype: how to build and why - rocking the stage!
sorry i had to leave buddy, forgot an appointment!
seems like this generation's version of the comic strip musical: annie, lil'abner, charlie brown, etc.
although each of the show's you mention are from different decades (and don't forget superman &amp; doonesbury)!
thank you for having us at your career fair today !
are there extra t-shirts tho
or it makes logical sense cause iphones are private profit while prostitution boosts economy where money stays in the city
lolol i love how you texted me to defend yourself
does anyone know anyone that works at tesla?
i work there lol
add this to unsult as essential simpsons vocab
also, i think the simpsons invented truthy before colbert
shall henceforth be called meme &amp; i fear he cannot keep up this pace!
danny would you believe that doesn't even pay me for this
of course i do.
ask your followers
where was this!!!
nyccccc she was there for gen beauty but i saw her on the streets!
got 14% on "what % millennial stereotype are you?" born in 1987. poll was too specific and assuming way too much.
that's my lady, we are not stereotypes in anyway.
in 1602, the japanese ordered all cats to be released so they would kill the mice who preyed upon the country's silkworms.
wait, who ordered the cats imprisoned before this? where were they being held? how did they catch them all in the first place?
ok last one for a while ! lol i upload too much
no such thing as too much
meet gerald. he's a fairly exotic doggo. floofy af. inadequate knees tho. self conscious about large forehead. 8/10
i'm sure brond will be less mad now that there is a less than perfect rating.
gonna be trash calling it right now
nah man, because vog was great than ce suck than kf was okay. so wm is going to be great.
eh, just to see two good looking people ... especially griffin
yeah i see that they would be cute together. but i need more than that. they need a reason, they need a storyline
he also said he doesn't want congrats, but keep only seeing what you want you evil witch.
read his tweet again. his first words were i don't want congrats but...
50 things millennials have never heard of via
brought back some funny memories. good article.
today's political reset button is the world's only vegan cat.
one way to clean-up the fleas.
awesome news. i love seeing answering real questions unlike scripted bs
listen carefully this time he doesn't answer questions &amp; hannity lets him off the hook every time.
wait. not being allowed to eat in a class is a thing??
unfortunately
couldn't sleep, so brownies
only got like 4 hours of sleep, so thoroughly useless today, but heather made me a mcgriddle-equivalent
bye! hope i can hang with you next time you're here :)
yes pls, come to a coast
its because you didnt put it into a bowl
haha yep, that would have definitely done the trick
looks like dark is shifting to describe clinton's performance now.
wow, one headline! trump been described as dark orange yet?
forest urgent care center on : they have the worst policy ever. just a visit you have to pay $150.00. just for...
ridiculous..just for someone to tell you what you already know.
awful announcing: does it make sense for the pga tour to leave nbc and cbs?
financially, perhaps, but imo, no, especially in terms of nbc with . pga needs them more than nbc needs pga.
ive never paid for a hooker, this dick aint free
i question tuesday girl now
woman, 2 juveniles arrested for 'creepy clown' threats to al students
the creepy clown thing was very funny, no charges !!!
your haircut! those pancakes! i dont know which makes my heart melt more
wow....thanks. :)
first white on black
these are for sale
so to get over someone you get under someone, where do the lesbians find each other these days?
still devastated by this news morag.
.: anyone who implodes a bomb in anyplace that can harm individuals, that's an act of terrorism
no, waving a gadsden or confederate flag is an act of terrorism, right?
nah i got the biogenesis number everyone been askin tho
damn so u snitched on arod
mostly need a good incentive to switch. is it only for white rice, or can you make fancier ones also?
it's very versatile. not just different kinds of rice, but oatmeal, quinoa, pilaf ...
not sure how i want to post bc of my ongoing family situation.
good point. still i thought it was an immensely valuable pov and needed to be said.
gunna sell a jacket to make room for this piece
love that guy. was pushing for him to do the friends uniform.
so now the rnc is using extortion against it's own membership the rnc has sunk to a new low glad i left the republican party
. "the republicans were only following orders."
happy birthday fam have a good one and get lit
thanks brotha i appreciate it i will lmao
it's very versatile. not just different kinds of rice, but oatmeal, quinoa, pilaf ...
you can make all kinds of carbs till you explode.
we'll show up when we need to show up.... we cant blow our load week 2!!!
"uhhhhhh....she said load." "yea. cool."
because people have jobs and no one cares about these teams. if a friends tourney happened in my town i'd skip the...
at least you didn't blame the bluejays
i was there
i bet it was great i'm in nj democratic since inception. i doubt he'll com here. if he does i will be there
do we demote gaga from a main pop girl now?
weren't the little monsters dragging for rihanna and comparing artpop to anti?
ronnie hillman, c.j. spiller, dexter mccluster and kerwynn wiliams make sense to replace danny woodhead, but donald brown obvious choice.
mccluster could be interesting.
we like your style! if you ever make it to los gatos and are craving italian, what do 'ya say to giving us a shot?
i would love to stop buy and give it a try!
been watching cnn. he had a shootout w/cops in elizabeth nj.
was not aware of this thanks for keeping informed
sister: "that big bad dude was my twin brother, a father.....loved god." watch live now
this hurts very much. "his hands were in the air from all views"
i wonder how much is apple engineering and how much is the right partnerships. a10 is known. display is less clear (lol).
display is insane relationship between hardware, software, calibration, and more. displays have massive oppty to tune if trying.
well that's your opinion. i believe different
right, any day now our enemies will come around. all of them lol
my chair at work keeps sinking. if i have to fix it one more time i'm going to lose my mind
i wonder if this is karma for all the times you didn't text your dear friend back ...
miss u more come to fl
i'll be there in january for my 21st
remember, the qualities of a good liberal r 2 lie/steal/destroy evidence/ break the law/obstruct justice/destroy all opposition at any cost!
i have deleted your tweet. moo hoo ha ha ha!....wait..it's still there...god i such at being a liberal....or am i lying?
if you need access to or info from my phone for debugging, will be glad to help
if you could pull a sysdiagnose off (ideally asap after it happens), that might have useful info. i added tons of debug logging.
do we demote gaga from a main pop girl now?
weren't the little monsters dragging rihanna and comparing artpop to anti?
on the way to the emmys with . it's 120 degrees lol!
bravo! before cyber bullying, there was media bullying. ty for being the one apologizing for the many.
my initial impression was that the new syntax wasn't intuitive, harder for newbs to get
i still haven't needed to stride through them yet. for-in is my tool for 95%. stride looks safer; is that the deal?
you can tell when someone sane wrote trump's tweet for him after a tragedy. otherwise you get this:
sounds like he did want congrats!
you never want to go to the movies so i never bother tell you lol
plus u always choosing times when im at the gym dammit
what good is living in la if all anyone wants to do is sit at home lol
u gotta come sit at my frat house when i get back to la
i have a lot of evidence! this is real!
please know we deeply care we will pray for you ask how it felt for him in benghazi fighting all night 2survive
yess i just miss them so much
i don't get why they hate each other and i think the other reason she was mad because he was hanging out with sofia
i have incredibly sensitive skin + combination skin. my ritual aint a joke
my friend in england is the same way. he says he only uses water and moisturizer. thats it.
spongebob, we're not cavemen. we have technology.
literally me
lol what are the odds
stop complaining about your bum fantasy team. just accept you're garbage.
now watching meet john doe capra + gary cooper + barbara stanwyck + journalism = amazing...theoretically
far from his best. but it's solid.
no. plenty of people have gotten tattoos. i myself have jack's on my wrists.
really dude? i'm clearly being sarcastic &amp; just wanted to show them. chill out
i am thrilled when i see men like are not ashamed to stand in a woman's light !
i am honored you would rank me among such incredible men! thank you
john tortorella defends promotion of abdelkader to kane line via
i'm going to watch old yeller and tape torts's pic over the dog now....seriously, can he be put down as a coach?
not sure, i think the small one isn't possible with the eu plug design though
there are some physical limits in how much heat can be dissipated.
sos i need something to listen to at work bc all of the spotify "mood" playlists are stressing me out
oh man i thought my suggested playlists were bad
i'm starting to be okay with it and it's honestly nice haha
i always need my alone time
how does it feel to be wrong
amusing and slightly gassy.
for all the fire fighters thank you for the service &amp; the photogs who keep us so well informed guys like...
thank you rob. this is very appropriated
reports on why birther issue matters. here are facts abt trump role.
debt, greed, selling out america for political profit ..are the issues voters care about..
crooked pinocchio hillary
politico studied this issue and found trump lies 5 times as much as clinton.
person w/ no skin in the game: large company should do xyz large company: yeah, we'll get right on that
at least they put the effort into creating their graphic. you're just being judgmental on twitter
are you locked to attend it yet? if not right now, hope you get to see it!
if i was in socal, you know i'd be there in a heartbeat...but alas...
so today i'll be singing for with the family, we are syched!!
hope you have fitted her for her pair of celie's pants !
you think trump is going to guarantee a paycheck? he's famous for stiffing people, not paying them
lol can't reason with crazy, but they'll come a calling when trump screws them over
hello on our about/contact page at - ...
to submit music news to you, we can't find an email nor about/ contact page that doesn't work help
tonight is going to be epic . truly very proud.
from the sound of jame's blog twist turns and surprises can't wait
possum update- if he is still faking death he's doing so from the inside of a trash bag.
possi suck !!! four-legged albino freaks !!
n it seems like yesterday coz you did a great job on keeping us posted last time
you are very kind. it is a privilege to be here and i want to help others who share my interest in the understand the issues.
just watched s4 finale....probably the best yet. so much stuff happened!
the children. keep them in mind! they are crucial...
"i don't like girls with curly hair" me: your loss
@ the person that said this so we can collectively shame them
what happened to honey boo boo????
she grew up to be caity boo boo
every atheist needs: penn &amp; teller: bullshit!
have you seen adam ruins everything? feels very much like it's related to bullshit.
25 mill a year couldn't give u 100
yeah id snitch too fuck it
ugh. conjunctivitis. you have my heartfelt sympathy.
the fucking worst.
point is, fighting happens at all nfl games. even ask the regulars who are there every sunday.
rarely if ever see fights in the black hole. we do see them from time to time in other areas of stadium
final chemo for this week! maybe he'll bring his chemo bag to the bar tonight to watch the ?
sounds good. i'll be "drinking" a stronger cocktail than most of the bar to really show my cheer
thanks for stopping in, andrew! how was everything?
everything was fantastic, thanks!
congrats to all involved with on an amazing run! proud to have been a part of it.
so glad you got to go safe travels home
awesome play space for boys
my girls would love this! they have been all about "space &amp; moon lately.
name any of the last 10 champions that didn't have a top defense. i'll be waiting.
you're preaching to the choir. still gotta play good d to win big, but the definition of what is good d has changed in this era.
pete carroll's seahawks have been penalized for the third time since 2012 for contact violations during their offseason workout program.
the "new" new england patriots.
[current year] of the frogs my tribute to last week's news cycle.
very rare pepe. how much?
jeffery was there and karen o and kathleen lights while i was working on sunday lol i didn't get to meet them
omggg thats crazyyyy i really wanted to meet and thooo
look - chasing down details on this one from to get his pitch today :)
or maybe i am chasing to see what she is saying!
i like listening to audiobooks read by my friends. it's like having a really fascinating albeit one-sided phone conversation.
hey, this is a subtweet.
i know ive said twice now i was wrong thanks for correcting me.
i hadn't seen that you realized it.
here i was thinking hillary was sick, thank god the msm was there to correct the record. turns out she was just pow...
i never knew someone can be cured with pneumonia in 3 days especially having "supposedly" seizure. it's a miracle!!
it is not about your stature or status, but your heart. thank you!
until we are all equal!
just wanted to correct you cause you said it was 1080p on bgst. no harm bro
got it, thanks its downsampled , was tired as hell
leaving work like... get me out of here!!! it's an 85 degree day outside. later...
always looking classy
thank you!
you're welcome.
as predicted, trump's outreach to the black community has worked. game almost over.
that poll sucks lol
that'll be 9.99 for a month and then only 9.99 for every subsequent month, what a deal!!!
i'm not a math major but the total seems off
drink yourself to death game: persona 4 edition drink every time chie talks about food or training.
drink every time someone says a japanese honorific chan, kun, sama, etc
the trump wave is a tsunami: 9/18/16 full show via
mind control only works on weak liberal minds!
dude, are you doing a culinary usa tour or something? this all looks great ... sa7teen :)
thanks! nyc trips are always about food and walking and more food.
come talk shit when you don't have a basic ass comeback
that wasn't comeback? lol slow &amp; gay huh
okay weeaboo trash twitter. i've got a long day ahead of me. gimmie your energ- i mean favorite anime openings so i can construct a playlist
how deep are my cuts allowed to get here?
i miss this place honestly.
pendleton is the best
absolutely, robin! i just persuaded a hat brat to make use of my extra tickets!
i didn't need much persuading very much appreciate that you had the tickets!
ah mate hope you get better soon! (also wah $$$)
thnx love. yea, that's what a world without proper healthcare looks like.
the only thing " i want to do is go to ! and hang legally!
she is fighting for her life. if wins the handcuffs come of the doj &amp; fbi &amp; hrc gets a free orange jumpsuit
darren, can you ask about how wrong he was on his previous predictions, said chargers were gone this year
funny, he cited his record being good during the interview lol
ok so why are you asking me if i think the neanderthals are fakes?
the neanderthal skull seems a bit 'gigantic' compared to h sapiens.
stop lying you're def going out for what we just discussed (via text) halloween &amp; then wen you come home for winter...
angie what's the final bday plans
don't need them to come around. need them to die
so, now we are in the business of world domination? classy.
i'm done....i can't take this anymore...i will never ever watch another police shooting video..ever
i feel you :( *hug* i saw 2 seconds of the man being choke-held in...new jersey? these cameras now, they are revealing truths..
these same deer cross into america every day, by the thousands, thanks to the failure of the obama administration.
now what if there was a good guy with a gun eating donut at the same time? but no canada has tight gun control laws...
you guys are signing all the former bulls huh??
haha..is jud buechler available?
because, well you know, guns kill people.
guns run in marathons with messikans
could you dm us your full name and phone? we'd like to have our office of the chariman investigate.
done! thank you.
they don't hate each other.. she's just mad bc he was hanging out with sofia smh
well i meant like it's the same thing and yeah she and sofia used to be friends that's what i heard
tv &amp; bway stars perform live at to support the hillary victory fund on 9/20!
i'm sure it is going to be a great success
if u mix 's bugatti over 's remix of money u get the most lit track ever
oh! shit record the edit so i can hear it!
let me buy the ability to watch games w/o needing cable
i would subscribe to any nfl subscription that changed the rules substantially to make head injury as likely as in baseball.
while i understand their argument, i cannot fathom supporting kneeling during the national anthem on 9/11 feet from military.
but that presupposes that all vets are "disrespected" by the gesture. a fairly sizable % of vets support it. not so clear cut
go to the finals to get beaten
go to the finals to pull off the upset
you better be going to ike's, getting a sandwich, coming back to your room and watching some sons today or i'm gonna be upset.
why today? it's the first day of class
can these mini moms learn to work as a team?
ahh no. that will never happen
i would however support any legislation that incentivized responsible family choices. gun violence would plummet in one generation
so would i. curious to hear your detailed legislative idea.
thank you appreciate my copy of . now who wants to lose today?
ps4? wassup
but......... he's dead.......
i think people are missing what'll happen. it'll probably be a cameo at the end of the last movie, with the family reunited.
. i keep asking "what laws did she break. cite the specific statutes and cite the evidence." to no avail. ever.
that's b/c there are none! it's all gop lies hyped up by political media to attract viewers
june 1946: " bellezza italiana "
wonderful. before my time but i adore these old photos. ty ge
i hope u pullin up wed...
ode pullin up thats right next to my office
we need to do something !
nigga fuck around you'll dub the plans last min
do you know how the original uk version ends?
no. i didn't even know there was one. !
i think people are missing what'll happen. it'll probably be a cameo at the end of the last movie, with the family reunited.
probably do the same thing they did with furious 7 to do it. but he won't be a star of the film. you couldn't pull that off.
great. you know anyone who flew direct united ? that's at the most convenient time for me.
yup. roommate did. i think he found it hassle free too
i will never believe that a family member or friend did not have any suspicions about what this terrorist was up to!
do your friends and family members know how perpetuate vengeance (read: these kinds of attacks)?
my 5yo nephew just explained to me that trump is a bad guy, but we shouldn't put him in jail because "he'll learn his lesson someday."
your nephew is incredibly compassionate - i hope he can hold on to that as he grows up
we all knew was a liar...just like his buddy trump.
of course he knew
it's finally here. now i can really truly express myself.
oooooomg!! how much was it??
i need him to do this when he comes to boston
pretty sure its only a ny thing. do they still have the china town bus?
5 of 5 stars to mrs. frisby and the rats of nimh by robert c. o'brien
i read that so long ago i'd forgotten it!
donald trump: "i will bring an end to these senseless acts of violence"
bring an end to violence before or after tax returns are made public ????????? he is so full of shit.
well about half of american wants trump to win for the opposite reason.
you need a new calculator. no where near half.
did you miss the insane scrap &amp; put on? that and more free on |...
yes i did &amp; looks like i missed a good fight they were throwing down!
john tortorella defends promotion of abdelkader to kane line via
"there isn't any thinking. you're overthinking it," said coach john tortorella. he could have stopped with the 1st sentence.
yea with manny and my friend winston. we need 1more
i got a spot in hotashi's room. you need one more for the split?
'political correctness kills': retired lt. gen. flynn says we're losing war against radical islam...
lt. gen. flynn can see political correctness kills, the democrat generals are either blind or ignorant as hell ???
but that presupposes that all vets are "disrespected" by the gesture. a fairly sizable % of vets support it. not so clear cut
also, 9/11 is about a specific attack on our values, including free expression. silencing dissent is anti-democratic.
has his hands in the air. you can see them from the helicopter.
this is infuriating! in his last moments, he was just trying to not die. betty deserves prison.
want to find 's show in your area? search &amp; you can see today!
congrats on your show appearance!
giants fans!
so cute! great stuff!!
love this honest column. made me smile and laugh a ton, gb!
aw, thanks, mylo. you're the sweetest.
. wish granted! congrats, you're the lucky winner of a drone! stop by booth 1821 to pick up your prize.
thanks!!
well britian iz falling apart, america is falling apart, ill give russia and china 2 more years
i'm telling y'all, colonization.
kind of annoyed i wasted money on . no development, and last.fm integration still isn't there.
we are here to help jimmy! want to dm, skype, email?
when is the next exam?
the estimation date for the filing period for the next open competitive ff exam is april 2017.
now, we return you to your regularly scheduled program on christianity, featuring the westboro baptists.
funny how they never apply the same logic to cops.
this is my first mac with force touch. it feels so natural i actually didn't realize until i turned the mac off and the trackpad went inert.
is there a "silent clicking" mode on the laptops? there is on the magic trackpad 2 . . . that blew my mind.
anyway, fear of being forgotten is fomo adjacent but has roots in something deeper for me. especially when speaking about my career.
glob i know this feeling so well. i stopped speaking at thugs years ago and i still worry i killed my career.
biebs in the trap is your song.
one of the many
you are installing a standalone version? or via other package?
i'm attempting to install the standalone version following your instructions. however, i'm having an issue with php running symf.
not at all i'm tryna be litt with ya
shit i hope so, cus i'm tryna forget my night
happy birthday gorgeous let's take a shot
thanks girl!!!! we out
for anyone who has come and watched us this year all over the world... stay tuned.
k so you recorded san francisco live...are you prepared to be sued by 10 million parents
where is that?
. just across the us-canada border... i'm on a train from montreal to nyc right now
cuban is a joke!!
at least you admit you're deplorable!
key point: exchange plans don't benefit from many of the advantages esi has
this is off-topic, but in the small version of your twitter image you appear to be wearing a high, pointed blue ski cap.
now i feel guilty.
you just need to give credit where credit is due. if you see someone eating junk food while walking, stop and thank them.
yeah i know..
yeah and he even wrote get used to it for her
tonight is the night we throw down at saint vitus bar with wilson &amp; the giraffes for the...
yay! i'm down street just stopped &amp; chatted w randy, nick &amp; chuck while u all were cu soon!
excited to read the beast is an animal by . one of my own beasts is ready to dive in too!
i want this one soooooo badly!
she slapped him into the next life
it seems fake until that slap happens, idk how you fake that power
current state of open source...
if i was in a polite mood i'd probably say 'pull requests accepted'...
also, 9/11 is about a specific attack on our values, including free expression. silencing dissent is anti-democratic.
bin ladens real victory was to make "us" more like "them" shutting down liberty. more american to accept challenge of dissent
someone tell me how i lost 18 followers overnight
too much hockey
does anyone know when wcw first branded smaller wrestlers as cruiserweights and debuted the new title? i'm interested in checking it out.
late 1995 a few months after nitro debuted
anyway, fear of being forgotten is fomo adjacent but has roots in something deeper for me. especially when speaking about my career.
but social media is so helpful for staying present with people. i'm amazed when i run into industry folks and they remember me.
these two are major keys.
you can get actual organic coconut oil for half the price of theirs. and coconut oil should only be kept in glass jars
no it hasn't. bama was historically good against the run last year. year before ohio state was incredible. same
gotta run it. gotta stop the run. but also have to be able to win score-a-thons even when d is shredded like bama was vs. clemson.
i dead had to call the cops on some creepy ass dude while waiting for the bus bcus i didn't wnna end up pepper spraying everyone around me.
i was like not today my man
pretty sure justin doesn't want hailey lol
yeah i know they want no part of each other
.. wait, what?
nobody can understand there's a button that says flush...so they hit the attendant button instead
i don't even have anything to add to this, it's just really cute.
u shud make an account for your dad's earnest movie reviews
y'all there's gonna be a new bon iver album in like 11 days and this boy is amped
remember when you were amped for frank ocean? those were the days.
(you know youre following to many radios when: you need a spreadsheet to keep track of them
writing scripts to transcribe and summarize radios so you know which to prioritize
that'd be fine
yeah. there's no way brian would come back as a full blown character. no way at all.
where did u get this??? extremely creepy !
you never knoll when you might run into him...
bc inviting ppl into your home that hate u/want 2 kill u is a winning proposition n the minds of idiots.
exactly.....and has much a great track record of peaceful assimilation in the recent past.
first you write a clause, relate it to yourself somehow, complete the sentence - then exclaim something!
i've got that shit down to a science.
yeah i love that song omg
yeah it's such a sweet song
does anyone know when wcw first branded smaller wrestlers as cruiserweights and debuted the new title? i'm interested in checking it out.
previously had a light heavyweight title in 91-92
on another topic, why inexistent coverage of nigeria in ? and very very little on africa as a whole. painful.
1. more on that soon watch this space, there is more to come. 2 is looking for more contributors...
i love dangerous woman as an album so much but i'm pissed that i can only think of one person when i listen to it
if it's not me i'm pissed
every. time.
light skin people problems
can you just add last.fm integration, please?
it is in the middle of a build for sierra and finishing full ratings integration. do you use apple music or spotify?
bitch i have real stressful problems going on in my life rn my phone had all my school shit in there
yeah thats actual ass , u cursed w having bad phones i swear
absence of and does wonders for attendance. up 132% yoy.
those 2015 numbers are incorrect.
putting in that hard work on this rainy monday afternoon... has only hit 12 balls out so far. l
thats it? he must be having a good day
fueling up at the for my speech at the summit
best speech i've heard all day! spoken from the heart
read the boxes at the top.
i don't need help understanding it, i'm just saying that rhetorically, it's easier to misunderstand.
was this the night ;)
wow, this is starting to look bad
can you just add last.fm integration, please?
want to join the beta to get it first!
you really thought you had a point here
actually popeyes is a publicly traded company on the stock market, so technically anyone can own a piece
so i've had a cold for about 24 hours. my weird ass just decided to take a flashlight to the tonsils and check out what's going on...regret
omg ... this is some shit i would do
caption this.
"mustard for life."
definitely win dirtiest manager award!
hahaha not this yr
in case you missed it: here's the cover of featured on 's display board in times square, ny!
thanks for coming to nasdaq james!
yeah, i buffer a lot for 9am meetings, because murphy's law.
me too. i'm a bit bound in the mornings to my little children's schedule. they leave around 7:45 am then i'm able to leave too
when you throw a water bottle in the bin outside your house and theres a mouse in the bin
you fucking little shit better stay outside and not come inside
but that presupposes that all vets are "disrespected" by the gesture. a fairly sizable % of vets support it. not so clear cut
you're right. i would've mentioned that i speak for myself if i had more than 140 characters.
bin ladens real victory was to make "us" more like "them" shutting down liberty. more american to accept challenge of dissent
the founders accepted that dissent was a core american value &amp; codified its protection in 1st amendment. it's all good.
happy birthday thanks for taking care of me last nye, i was done
great night and party lol and no problem and thank you
huh? killing our enemies equals world domination?
idk. when does it stop. do we invade north korea? do we flex every time a country says they hate us?
on another topic, why inexistent coverage of nigeria in ? and very very little on africa as a whole. painful.
i.e. they want more left wing people to write on these topics, so if you have suggestions of contributors pls share.
this is great!!
lmaooooo funny stuff
black ppl straightening their hair isn't appropriating anything. check your anti-blackness. black ppl have different hair types.
straightening hair isn't appropriation it's assimilation. black women are expected (sadly) to "be white" by our society
chiropracty is con artistry i wouldn't be getting defensive. you'd be fortunate to be that respectable
since you made up the word chiropracty and that's not an actual thing, you may be right.
feel like we gonna wing that weeknd how we do every weeknd
i'm trying to be so drunk i forget my name, so make it happen
how long does a slice of crack pie stay good in the fridge?
a slice of crack pie stays fresh for a week in the fridge, via .
jill stein insists trump is less dangerous than clinton - and attacks bernie sanders as a dc insider
poor has no clue - lost - and won't be around soon ...
former defense secretary robert gates says trump is "beyond repair"
agreed. best to make sure we all vote so hillaryvwins.
yo i got my next tattoo idea
oooo what is it?
who's the player who made you fall in love with basketball mine is reggie miller he was so important to me growing up and still is today
penny hardaway. i got a cheap thrill just walking past the barber shop that bears his name in memphis.
i don't need help understanding it, i'm just saying that rhetorically, it's easier to misunderstand.
can you think of *any* other use of the morph "bi-" to indicate non-uniform distribution? i can't. \_()_/
can you two figure this out. can't order a 7 plus on apple upgrade program until phone is in stock at apple store. wtf
i was told from specialist on i could order 7+ tmo on apple upgrade at apple store even tho not in stock
i found the subject of my next piece of film criticism!
omg do we stage a screening night for this?
how did you work around the compiler hang?
. found that by changing a single line compound statement into multiple separate lines, the com...
haha nah i tried it and gave up. i have duolingo right now
how's the streak going, aj?
i'm in tears
86k rts??????
blacks got nothing but booted to the back of the bus**check it out*--**dems have keep blacks poor for years -try something new
trump will just make it worse. stop and frisk will be back. oh and just forget about free healthcare and food stamps
u know when people send u just a question mark "?" as a message? isnt that like disrespectful as fuck? i hate that shit. lol fuk off
must be thinkin they're the shit lol
ahh, neighborhood drama on nextdoor. predictably, this thread is a flamewar.
the thrilling sequel:
philly fop chief on presidential endorsement: clinton 'blew the police off'
hillary wants our guns, the pressure cookers are good to go ???
i see you had fun in montreal;) trust peter enjoyed your stay:))
. i loved montreal! can't wait to return and see more of - maybe not in winter
smart contracts, in particular, require a very special kind of developer.
what's the most efficient way to grow the pipeline? universities (which tend to have ai and 3d dev programs)?
apple music. it'd be an honor to be apart of the beta. just let me know how!
sweet - apple music is my personal fav. great - you will be on the next beta
norman is a cool place...but i'm sure the locals aren't thrilled about the smackdown provided by your buckeyes.
were nice many asked for our number so when they r in cbus next year they can tailgate with us to return the favor
to seek that which is divine (that is to say, love himself/herself) despite one's own humanity. or something.
oooh, that'll preach.
a jealous immature girl hopefully she'll get over it
ewww hatersss
infantilize? hmm. food for thought.
imo we have taken people who used to be adults at 18 and continue to push their adolescence further into their 20's so yeah
when says she's going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free, you know what? that's a very big deal.
too bad that probably won't happen by the time i apply for college in september 2017
i feel like so often we are inclined to tweet about stores/service we hate, but we should also be praising stores that are killin it.
agreed! my 4th quarter resolution. i figure resolutions on a quarterly basis are more successful.
lol fuck 4th period and that test
on god bitch only keyla and masia or how ever you spell her name passing that class
i use a gaming headset case for my "things"
haha i got an exact replica of a nikon lens, but it opens up for storage.
to be and see others as the image and likeness of god.
amen to that.
poll! cosmic star heroine should have what kind of ending?
you're inspired by chrono trigger, right? i expect at least four of each category.
earlier today i was thinking about how terrible linkedin is, so i fully support your decision.
having one is a truly pointless endeavor
your world domination plans are full.
congrats on adulting
florida is climate change a real threat? all: yes 64% / no 30% dem: yes 83% / no 11% rep: yes 38% / no 56% (nyt/siena college, lv, 9/10-14)
well when they are underwater they may have a different opinion.
not my job. but it's been thoroughly de-incentivized esp. in aa homes. i imagine that the opposite could be accomplished
you're basically saying cut off welfare dependents. i'm fine with that (aren't you shocked?). would be a shit show 4 awhile.
mobbin' through saint rose
it's a total of 9 tings on this campus if that
apple music. it'd be an honor to be apart of the beta. just let me know how!
ekk - just email us.com with your full name, twitter, and email.
hi, we've eliminated tkt support to focus on a first contact resolution. internal tickets can still be submitted.
you push ppl to the phone and your "est hold time" is.....48 minutes!!!!! pathetic.
trump campaign one week from now: "actually it was hillary clinton who said mexico was sending rapists and wants to ban muslims."
not funny! don't give them any ideas. they're toxic enough.
the fact that i'm so stoked to see my friends play at a festival not even bc they're my friends but bc i love their music is so awesome.
seriously surrounded by so much talent. its great.
im sorry, but its really hard to read with your head in the way...
i'm approved to adopt with muddy paws rescue, i'm just working my courage up
love it!!!!
been collecting law-and-comics stuff for a bit now, so finally getting this wall set up makes me _very_ happy. :)
cantaloupe is better than honeydew
i did cocky in best buy yesterday and had to leave and go home to take a shower then i went back gross
i know. i'm a black woman. that's my reality everyday.
it's disgusting and i'm so sorry
for example: his bit about the term for what is now ptsd comes from an understanding of it only as a combat condition.
but in context, it's a marvelous piece
ikon of yhwh/jesus
wait, dana carvey is what it means to be human? amen to that!
can you think of *any* other use of the morph "bi-" to indicate non-uniform distribution? i can't. \_()_/
i'm not saying "don't call yourself that" i'm saying "most people *are* going to infer equivalence."
i've never cleaned so much in my entire life as i have in the past few days. it was somewhat theraputic
so proud of you
what?? looks like the "stand-up, you are almost there" bs wasn't enough, now apple will remind me to breathe.
just wait for the food assistant to help you chew you food and remind you when to swallow.
wikileaks: hill wants huma, her muslim handler, for sec of state! don't vote 4 someone with a muslim handler ...
ask why they give hillary so much $$$$. ??????
knew "calls from mayor raising concerns about pub safety emergcy delib being ignored"
this is not news for anyone in new jersey!
great news! and i'm game for contributor, if considered.
if you want to pitch a story submissions.com
great meeting you today- your personal story is compelling &amp; can't wait for you to join !
terrific to meet you! and with your help!
"why fashion models don't smile"
would one if submitted to the diet and laxatives required for the job?
my look for fall, as well as eternity
this has been your look since 2008... who r u kidding?
whatever. as per recent polls, more want trump than hillary. accurate enough for you?
your polls, not the real polls. .
autopsy shows that 13 y/o police shooting victim was 4, 11", weighed 95 lbs &amp; was shot while running away.
they just had a shoot out with a terrorist and yet he lives but they are so scared of a 13yo black boy
recently realized i have no idea who the "biggest" rock band in the world is at the moment. is that even still a thing that bands claim.
it's still radiohead, but in a couple of weeks it will go back to green day
love that book!!
i've been behind because of school work but from what i've read so far, i'm liking it.
lmao uhm heard you, staying at the same hotel from ur bday
that hotel highkey has big ass suites, after hours getty or whatever
. i wouldn't trust you with a bucket of cold piss, you stinking tire fire.
and you trust hillary?? follow the sheep...
i know. i'm a black woman. that's my reality everyday.
it's sad when i say what i just did to people and they seem to "understand" but before me an actual black women tried to tell
great news! and i'm game for contributor, if considered.
there are so few left wing writers and such weak lefts all over the continent, i think reflection of that.
well fuck this m8.. controllers are the worst! like it seriously might have been one month since i bought this.
yo, this happened to me on both an elite and a brand new bronze pad, now i bind a paddle to rb and try to alternate pads often. :(
uh oh! but you're okay, right?
yes thank you!
a good session on at with and
thank you for coming!
i know. i'm a black woman. that's my reality everyday.
them the same thing but they are immediately dismissed.
why's it so hard to be healthy?
because you eat buffalo wings every day
keep in mind as you read this: the original muslim ban still remains on trump's site.
what is the problem? we were lucky in ny &amp; nj. could have been worse. next time probably will be.
lmfao idk why i laughed so hard at this
it's a meme but since she has a lisp i now say it like that.
don't have my spreadsheet here but i think oakland is your best bet. i like jax as a top 12/14 unit rest of season. oak too.
oof rough week. i went with oak ultimately, but clearly should have picked sd up in advance. think it's still worth it? thanks!
yep. because you need to pledge to get to the moon before you get to go there. and, more seriously, demand drives results.
well said what about the fuel usage of their customers in 2050, also 100% green?
clemson went almost 2 quarters without scoring in that natty. they were up double digits with 3 mins left.
but still ... 550 yards, 31 1st downs and 40 points.
good read on our boys.
pumped for the game tonight #
trying to eat outside in berlin at this time of year
eeeeek llzzzz. all summer actually. even garten! cc:
drafted, started, won a playoff game, dude can't get any respect. way worse guys still get called "former qb".
"former" "nfl" "qb" would be more appropriate. also remember when i tweet, i'm an embittered jets fan.
technology did not take down this highway. the loma prieta earthquake and art agnos did.
true true true
another 5 hour unexpected layover in less than 2 months? get it together
make that 7 hours...
just fyi.. unless i ask for a dick pic/vid, do not send me any. cheers
the fact this even needs to be said is sad on the guys part
there should be more than enough evidence for the special prosecutor to indict and convict her.
they are all afraid of mysterious deaths
smh you can party at a school you dont even go to but you cant come to school today :-)
don't catch my flight hallie
you may run, you may hide - but i am on my way to find you - well soon!
press island for most of the night
i want to help
start w going to , which measures slavery in every country in the world!
duuuude i have a vive and just got the game too!
sickkkk. thanks for recommending the vive to me! would not have got it if you hadn't told me how amazing it is
i think juicy stole ur flow in the last song of his new mixtape...
hell yeah hell yeah
this sounds hard
it will probably take more effort than just listening to the radios, but it is cool,
is transcendental meditation just another celeb pyramid scheme? like diet scientology?
i too would like to get to the bottom of this without having to spend any money
yes but not deadly bombs..this pos used homemade pipe bombs w/intent but didn't place em right places to kill
thank heavens no one was killed
wishing you all a wonderful new week. with thanks for all your love and support. blessings to all. pic i tyson
wonderful greeting dear friend. have an amazing new week.
response: "what's the catch? i'm finally doing a big campaign."
the list grows of those who've sold their souls cheap to trump. is like so many who can be bought.
none of the people this post is directed at understand what ahistorical means. literally none of them
ahistorical has today become the best word i have ever heard.
pakistan haa become an "epic centre" of terrorism. pib cant even draft a statement properly
that's pretty epic!
he's a nyer. not afraid of nuttin, not even any stinkin' bombs. they brunch, outside, by a dumpster, in chelsea. acc to mayor bill
dumpster brunch is a cherished nyc activity. trash benedict..yum. not gonna let the damn terrorists take that away from us!!
woah i love that color coding. is that ide mac only?
nope i believe atom run on every platform. my syntax theme is 'atom-monokai'
can't decide if i should move to the beach or la
sf/oakland forever
more clinton shenanigans in haiti
everywhere she goes .mefia props her up
go eat a well done steak and have a decaf latte you commie
okay no you are just assuming shit i would never eat a steak over medium rare and decaf is not a word in my vocabulary!
the neanderthal skull seems a bit 'gigantic' compared to h sapiens.
if neanderthal are thus "the giants", then the bible may be correct about nephilim
are you going to xl center con this weekend? i think i'm wearing it since our group isn't doing anything.
i plan on going, i'm not sure how many days yet. and i'll probably go in a more comfortable star wars cosplay.
i'll always bump this
this will always be my jam wtf!!
when you fall asleep coding.
also this is a good idea and i'm going to steal it
haha i guess it did. saw that you're feeling a bit sick, hope you get better!
thank you! i have a fever rn but idk it could be worse.
having locks on my door doesnt mean i live in fear. just cautious. great conversation thank you.
and thank you. intelligent conversations can still be had
when your wife reads about how teflon releases nasty chemicals...
i grew up with pet birds. so learned not to cook on teflon because it releases gas when cooking that's toxic to birds.
are you going to xl center con this weekend? i think i'm wearing it since our group isn't doing anything.
i really want one of those, $60 isn't bad
perfect irony, perfect choice-if not now, then soon, to ideally replace roberts as leader
this is his next goal...
thank you brene brown.
thank you regret.
happy birthday beautiful !!
thanks babe! xo
faith is the bird that feels the light and sings when the dawn is still dark... - rabindranath tagore
beautiful words of wisdom. have a wonderful new week
things just ain't the same anymore
i'll always love you tho
u.s. wire payments to iran undercut obama
keep on exposing the truth...thank you...
fuck your jihad: london's muslim mayor tells new york and london to get used to terrorism via
only in his world and world.
release that shit in october.
fight me!! lol
a married man at spx bought my book and said i'm more attractive than most bbw escorts on craigslist
hey! looking is ok! btw, i laughed out loud at your comic many times while reading it on my train ride home. it is hilarious!
i'm not saying "don't call yourself that" i'm saying "most people *are* going to infer equivalence."
like, if i tell people japanese is a synthetic language and chinese is an analytic one, i know what i mean. -
cheers! i just chose my official company name and onboarded my first team member! make your own dreams come true
proud of you. congrats!
this will always be my jam wtf!!
it reminds me of when we hung out literally last october!!!
if you missed 's message yesterday, it is available now at
racism the problem single is!!! bam! nyc style! thank you
thurs 10/6 at
whoop whooooop this show is finna be dyooooooope
"why don't you like gomez?" "i don't know i just don't like how he is, how he acts" lmaoo most heard phrase of 2016
sureeeee famoso
can't wait to see a president get shot
you're really dumb.then again,i bet u hillary doesn't survive one term in the white house if she is elected
so update i ended up sitting in my car last night for like an hour and a half and i chickened out and didn't meet new people lmao
aww! you should definitely go meet new people next time! you're awesome!
. with moderator after their panel yesterday:
where am i looking? i have clearly left that moment in spacetime
buy me a belgian version of it, won't be able to use the 'california' one over here anyway :')
i believe that there's a rule that you're allowed to drive a car with a us license plate for 6 months. but that could be different
the neanderthal skull seems a bit 'gigantic' compared to h sapiens.
not to mention, fossilized skeletons of 7ft tall h heidelbergensis have been found
. people spend so much on expensive pots/pans. the best set i've ever owned are the cheap paul revere set i bought at k-mart.
eh, a good pot/pan should be thick/heavy enough to dent someone's skull, not the pan (paraphrasing anthony bourdain)
whats stupid is when someone doesnt even follow u, but they ask u for a favor. congrats. u are an idiot. who does that?
i would've sent this gif to them
ruling party wins absolute majority in russia's parliament, and putin cements his control.
look at the faces no one looks too happy.
6:30 this morning i made this lmao '' by notoriousjd3 on ?
if you dont rt this shit you a fed and dont want kodak free
i need twitter to add this edit option. if i delete a tweet for a type i'm not redoing it
sir lol. im deleting old tweets. we used to talk so much shit..lol. they are all still there honey from the very beginning
"join our webinar" is ancient greek for "remember to unsubscribe and delete your account."
athenian democracy was government by webinar.
i know. i'm a black woman. that's my reality everyday.
why would they listen to a white woman like me who doesn't have any idea what it's like but they dismiss a woman who does
i have that i haven't played yet though
is really good. is really, really good. has good husbandos/waifus.
with week 2 all but in the books (one more rivalry match for ), which game, in your opinion, was the best game to watch thus far?
jags/ because my team had a fun, easy game outside of the woodhead injury 38-14. rare thing in today's nfl.
i get the rage i guess. i'm impartial, but never understood the animosity towards him. just overrated i guess.
i'm not rooting against him as a person, i'm rooting against his success as a met because i can't take any more tebow-mania.
i used to think that boarding school was a cruelty the rich inflicted on their young. and then i had teenagers.
though i don't know if i could do it for my kids but then i don't have teenagers yet!!!
how many people will we loose from if lmics aren't aided financially 2 put interventions in place?read our view
calls for a global antimicrobial conservation fund
for the same reason clinton is hiding her speeches. incrimination.
she did release her tax returns. his turn.
meanwhile, in reality: spends 87% of its funds directly on charity work.
and 87% is extremely high for a not for profit. usually about 30%.
what's happened to can't access him
same no clue was tweeting with him yesterday today nothing
celebrating by being bisexual at this 35mm screening of robert aldrich's attack!
aware of you from the balcony, man. good work!
fighting over "god given" land is ridiculous.
christianity does not come from jewry tho. there is no connection.
let's make juneteenth an observed national holiday. this elder is 90 and organizing to make it happen
acknowledging the end of slavery is acknowledging slavery happened &amp; like everything white america only likes to do that on their terms.
ungers concerns about impact of decision on patients and future drug development are valid imho
i agree with all of that. rob was in a really hard position with this being his first real public act
the culture shock is real
it's ok that's what the abundance of asian food is here to combat
like, if i tell people japanese is a synthetic language and chinese is an analytic one, i know what i mean. -
-those are 100% accurate descriptions. __to a linguist__ most people will think i mean "fake", and "smart".
ok! should i submit it as a radar?
yes please! if you send me the # i'll snag it from the screeners
thank you so much!! i was fern in this production and i heard you were too!
how cool!! hope you had a blast!
i've been saying this, and people aren't listening. the pricepoint on these tv's are insanely low compared to a year ago.
can get a 50" 4k for as cheap as $499 right now on sale. i've seen great deals. got mine 6 mo ago for $799
beyond scared straight is hella extra this guy just said guys jack off &amp; bust in the coleslaw bc there's not enough mayonnaise in it
sounds tasty
fighting over "god given" land is ridiculous.
palestine is part of the christian holy land. definitely not 'jewish'. lol
the seahawks' offense is struggling for many reasons. the absence of marshawn lynch isn't one of them.
i heard u attempted to jump off your refrigerator and do yourself in after the hawks/rams game. did u stick the landing?
lmao ofc they might be dicks and make me wait till january but i'll see you
they can't hold the wave
did 6 years there: that was a long ass vacay. might go back if my man and i decide to start our own business.
are you here in nyc yet?
"new york blogger" - gonna take a pass on this one pumpkin :)
also you're probably on mobile. i don't blog in new york, it's just one of my home bases. i blog on the side. nice try
ungers concerns about impact of decision on patients and future drug development are valid imho
if there is blame, it lies mostly with dr. woodcock (imo)
a contender has had 22 drives this season. results: td: 1 downs: 1 int: 1 fg: 3 fumble: 3 punt: 13 guess who
"is marriage bad for russell wilson?!?" put that in the a block. :)
fair enough, heheh in any case, i was only able to get that by dropping my speed down by 100 (turns out i can read 1200 for 2 bars
oh. i just staircase back and forth and hope for the best. it usually works out but i always break uc on an easy part
a bat-centric shared universe isn't necessarily a bad idea, but if it's anything like asm, then they did it horribly.
the problem is that, like tasm, they rush to the villains and gave them all the same origin point
&gt;ourwillkick your isisbutt..&amp;helprid itself froms
americanshave guns&amp;our new realpresidentcan give them2real's2
it reminds me of when we hung out literally last october!!!
:((( miss you
not a lie. this time he did wait for us. what's remarkable is that that is news.
see how much power you all have? so stop taking his crap.
i sent a song idea to work on and what he sent back was straight i wish y'all could hear it
love writing music with you
so , you really wanna have a flavor associated with a fascist-coddler/normalizer of racist jingoism?
it's just an empty container.
michelle only knows one attitude savagery
we already knew that
imagine how many more victims in the mall stabbing, had man with a gun not stopped his slashing spree?
off duty detective hero...
aww really
yes he kept going around it while his dancers were getting off
the pw publishing industry salary survey, 2016
it seems like it would be interesting to break out the categories a bit more (managing editorial, art department).
damn bro that's true?
lmao yesssss, my man &gt; everything
things i like about lou amoundson: - energy player like noah - knows triangle - used to have awesome hair - walt calls him "sweet lou"
knows triangle? lol
the problem is that, like tasm, they rush to the villains and gave them all the same origin point
so on gotham hugo strange killed bruce's parents to cover his experiments making zombies that become batman villains
nothing is more fun than the infiltration of traditionally liberal hollywood; gives us a chance to interact with...
the hollywood crowd is supporting hillary's plan to flood the country with isis anthrax bombers. anyday now boom ???
major updates from judicial watch this week. view our weekly tipsheet from 9/13 here.
not even your boy bushy.
why not? you've already decided you hate bacon. there are no morals left on this slippery slope of self deprication you ride
oh i have plenty of morals left you sir i think have lost all of your morals!
you're vacationing wrong. you shouldn't be doing any updates. ;)
i thought the proper way was to post snaps, tweets, photos on ig/fb of all the vacay updates?
i stand on the side of reason &amp; humanism. both sides should drop their divine claims &amp; live in peace.
there is actually nothing to support the jewish-claim.
i like it! so did my son, which was the most important thing. we're both looking forward to playing again, narrowly lost.
is it too kiddie? that's my biggest fear. not that that would be bad, but my sons are still too young
you all should do something. brain &amp; creative potential would be going to waste imo
i am content producing animation, but i'd love to make a good film history documentary.
just learned that w/3d touch you can hard-press the iphone keyboard and use it like a trackpad to move the insertion point. since ios 9.
that is literally the only useful implementation of 3d touch i've ever heard of. everything else would map to "press &amp; hold".
haha yes chaz!
chaz just doesn't know the feeling of being
if an omnipotent being created the universe as an artificial reality simulation, it would be a software engineer.
if i'm a software engineer, what does that make me? zen?
i don't really like earls feature on the new db track
haha raddy said the exact same thing
nah now you oding you better know wyd you doing lmaooo
my birthday weekend its fucking lit. im dying
mommy i had another nightmare go to sleep honey, everything will be alright in the end
c'mon the actual line was: go to sleep honey, the monster under the bed only eats kids who stay up too late.
past daniel: a nonstop paris to los angeles flight for only $300!? what a deal! i'm the best! present daniel: oooooooh, okay. i get it now.
what did they do to you?
maybe gradual decrease for single parent households. idk. just feel loss of family, broadly speaking, is root of most violence
you're right. unless, of course, it's family members killing one another. but i'm fine with that.
corey feldman on today show backlash: 'we're petrified to even go out'
feeling the same way buddy. imagine that. never in a million years i would be saying this in america.
i see. well, way better athletes have failed at baseball. *cough*mj*cough*. wiffing enough fastballs will take care of him.
definitely. makes you wonder though how good mj woulda been if he had devoted his life to baseball.
a wonderful and beautiful picture.
thanks mark :) hope you are well
whats the antonym for updated again?
you can draw whatever conclusions you wish, as conclusions are opinions.
3 reports you need to boost sales via
thanks for the shout!
i aint even kno they had red btw
i just saw them online they very fire
everyone on bumble in chicago has at least one picture of them in new york.
can you blame them?
i actually want to check out the new territories lrt. they have comeng rolling stock built in melbourne.
oh yeah. the new lrt rolling stock does look since. i'll have to do that myself the next time i go to hk when i visit family
im not feeling well so
girl what's going on
this new yorker piece is exactly what i asked for. they've been working on it all summer. already learned a lot.
1st month: dementia diagnosis by dr. oz.
you see, i knew it would go this way. i stand by my previous comment: whatever.
i knew you would be deaf to reality.
who's the player who made you fall in love with basketball mine is reggie miller he was so important to me growing up and still is today
latrell sprewell on the warriors
so many good questions!! should i answer on snap!? easier than 140 characters head over to sophiabushsnaps go
if you could be any character boy or girl apart from erin, who would you be???
whats the antonym for updated again?
music has been "updated" since the 60s, therefore the beatles are "outdated".
so... has anyone seen trump? does he know he has a rally at 3?
he knew about it before the reporters, he'll brag.
eiffel tower, study 3, paris, france 1987 michael kenna, photography 10/10
fabulous . have a wonderful new week alberto t. peroni. dc
what does everything think about this cr update?
it's awesome especially now that you can get a legendary chest from any arena.
and why is that? cause your ego got bruised? hilarious what people would do for ego aggandizement
remember the maxim "when you point a finger three fingers point to oneself"
happy birthday!enjoy it
thanks milv i will
yes been here for like a month and a half! lol since august.
haha i had meant to ask. welcome back!
hate that the pa derby is an allowance race. derby and preakness winners giving 7 pounds. they should all carry 126.
pure stake should be wait for age but an attempt to attract entries. bush league.
"well sure i committed genocide and various crimes against humanity but i'd never jay walk. that's just wrong" -
it's only genocide because you want it to be! i was only trying to help that poor country!
great first story- looking forward to more!
thx buddy. need to up my camera angle game. more like
looked it up. while they talked about it on tv. the title wasn't crowned till march 96' in japan. shinjiro otani 1st champ.
wwe includes the light heavyweight title reigns in the lineage for some reason.
what? disagree they are not being disrupted? agree they are being disrupted? sales/business models are fine and growing?
article suggests little disruption as yet -- i would argue disruption is well along.
americanshave guns&amp;our new realpresidentcan give them2real's2
europe's islamistinvadersharia sewer rats will be dust..gone..done
my husband bought me the nashville trip for my birthday. may enter to try to win him tickets so he can go
that is one sweet husband! you definitely should enter the contest!
hard to say. good athletes tend to excel everywhere they try. baseball is weird. also, i miss bo jackson.
we should all miss bo. and deion.
hope to catch up soon
anytime i'm around
and frankly his body of work doesn't all have to be sterling.
right, some has aged better than others have.
is it netbeans based?
i don't think so, and it wouldn't make sense imo, since it is browser based. but perhaps there are components?
apple's new voice message transcript is surprisingly good. now i want it to transcribe my home videos so i can search for words said.
i keep wanting to use it for podcasts (so i can search them..)
i know. but also twitter has been breaking links &amp; threads lately so it happens more often
yes, there was no link.
you ready for the nightmare???
*eats both of you*
when america was more welcoming for refugees: on tuesday, u.s. president barack obama will host a summit on t...
there was a time when asylum seekers were not blowing up bombs in their host countries. ny/nj bomber.
congrats you fucked your nonsensical arguement farther than ever before
see: case. turner wasn't found guilty of 'rape'. how do u explain that?
holy shit, saw a leonberger. what a dog!
i thought leonberger is a pokemon
on my way to brooklyn and hq. anticipating some kind of aladdin's cave scenario
accurate, but brooklyn style, so lots of aged wood and exposed brick
hey - why did you edit out hillary saying it was a bomb, then slam trump for saying it was a bomb?
clinton news network props up hillary
can you dm us w/ more details of the issue you're experiencing today?
no thank-you. support via twitter dm seems worse than the bad alternatives.
omg i'm not the only one. "islands" rips me apart
currently on "she used to be mine" and low key weeping at my desk.
the 3 key concepts for a successful business using social media according to from likeable social media
thanks for the cool reminder
gabbert or ? one won't do much better than the other. neither will crack top 20 qb's. stick to the 1 that doesn't bitch about being there!
i'm not a 49ers fan but i'd pick gabbert right now.
when love itself comes to kiss you, don't hold back. 'love on the road' ~ ron hicks
wonderful dear friend. hugs and love. have a fantastic week xo
congrats you fucked your nonsensical arguement farther than ever before
show me a law which defines 'penetration' as 'rape'.
we're also very very lucky that the attackers tried to use explosives rather than guns.
real lucky for the people hurt huh? what a moron
gii what's the address of your place!!!
omg i just saw this it's 15 metrotech, in brooklyn
a lady came up to me in the coffee shop and asked if i was jenny slate
you should've just said yess
same. i'm from the same school district as the school that made national news for the n-word lol
where i'm from is having its own culture shock bc it became significantly more asian in the past 4 years
emmys 2016: ratings hit a new low
i may be mistaken but weren't the emmys held in april years ago?
why is every fbo's tv playing fox news?
it's fair and balanced according to themselves.
of course he did (cover-up notwithstanding). ny times: christie knew about bridge lane closings, prosecutors say.
what does his ny neighbor say--the neighbor? ask the right person!
show me a law which defines 'penetration' as 'rape'.
show me one woman who has ever been convicted of 'rape'.
thank you and love you
happy birthday fellow pawlingite!
if this game gets a ladder &amp; the competitive backing it needs its wrap for everything else
imagine having team lans with 1v1 duels in ot
point of aap is it allows &gt; uncertainty. if we don't have the stones for confirmatory trials, what's the point?
i thought the trials unger suggested seemed reasonable &amp; will answer the ?. why is it so hard to do right trial?
go to the fuckin gym
wow so motivational i'm omw rn
you wish you could drink but can't, or you wish you could drink more?
i can't drink at all, i can't even have food with it. i am allergic
i got this one class m,tu&amp;w i sit in the same spot everyday so the nerve of someone to take my unassigned seat
. pop on them
our very own bringing the thought leadership around mobile innovation
crushing it!
lol no one in particular but you know some people who got the funds just go cas of their friends
true. that's bum shit.
happy birthday to adam west, seen here w/ yvonne craig reading 'detective comics' , 1st appearance of barbara g...
yes, i noticed the comic book first.
kf wasn't ok, it was absolute trash and a joke of a gun lol
it was pretty decent to me but hate it because it felt like dreg's promise.
the carnage left by the menacing injury imp leaves many questions. and i attempt to find answers:
woodhead being out for the season,,shoots melvin gordon's stock through the roof
brill hitchcock discussion on . marnie is great but topaz needs re-evaluation. it's v good as is foreign correspondent.
much obliged for listening. definitely planning on revisiting topaz.
see: case. turner wasn't found guilty of 'rape'. how do u explain that?
turner allegedly penetrated the girl without her consent. so how come that legally wasn't 'rape'?
it's like a competition of which chant is better out here
i'm not a fan, they're too excited for a monday
watch the ultimate season 2 recap before the return of in 2 weeks:
can't wait!
lazy arg is voting no on aap because if confirm trial fails we don't want to follow what statute clearly states.
there has to be a reasonable chance of success though and unger made compelling case that it does not yet exist
i want 2k17 too
guess you coming over to hop on the stix loser as bleachers
but what if tebow is actually good at baseball. like really good?
i doubt it, but i can always eat crow after the fact. that said, i just don't want the drama.
*notices ur pose*
*notices your stand*
jesus died for you!
i will praise you, for i am fearfully and wonderfully made; marvelous are your works, and that my soul knows very well. ps.139:14
is chadli gunna get base to your knowledge in the next base release coming up?
hi, adam: this isn't a design question. can you please only ask me design questions about kick from now on? thank you!
aye i like it too and the creative team
i'm going to miss the legal hijinks though.
seeing my friend ezellweger &amp; her return to one of my favorite characters have y'all seen ?
yes! loved it!
please tell me you've tried some
the store was closed but i'll be back to check
do i need to preemptively amazon prime more gummy bears??
i thiiiink we're ok? but let's just say the chocolate salami met its demise.
lets clarify. your stance is men cannot be raped, correct? is forced sodomy not rape to you?
men often are raped. i never implied otherwise.
spent a nice lunch hour(s) with capt. richard bell here in pittsburgh at the church brew works!
have him on tonight talking ipa. nobody will mind the secondary subject of
yes!!!! imagine if he hadn't stopped that freak. it's sick we have to fear going to the mall.
thank president obama &amp; hillary for allowing un vetted refugees to come to usa..
hillary's it specialist caught with intent to alter subpaenaed evidence. care to plead the fifth again, combetta?...
maybe they wearing concrete boots somewhere
when i'm stressin i stop and take a breath in synch up with the source so i can make it my reflection
i mean we could do something about that
when you dont know what direction to walk when you get off the train
when you though artpop was the only time gaga was gonna flop but perfect illusion debuted outside the top ten
dude, hopefully none of your family members are never killed by these dogs like mine were killed in 9/11, 15 years ago!
my condolences. i too, lost loved ones in wtc and best friend in iraq. do not fear. show resolve. we will defeat them.
lets clarify. your stance is men cannot be raped, correct? is forced sodomy not rape to you?
forced sodomy is indeed rape, whether the victim is male or female.
yes, i noticed the comic book first.
one of my favorite costume designs in the history of comics.
thank you so much
no prob! love the new tracks, literally listening to them right now
well thats just plain facts b, flamin hot cheetos are the goat, still still crunchy tho
been and always will be crunchy
yes, that is an excellent point, and i agree.
tyvm imo its a hallmark of modern liberalism; infantilizing of our young adults it makes them more likely to be dependent on govt
can you bring me kissitquicky island? where the currency is kisses and everyone is rich.
sorry still stuck in gonorrhea gulch
though to be fair... does he get scared because he can't see?
you mean can't hear? the thing is, all i'm really doing is petting him with a piece of absorbent fabric.
you can say there was more talent out there for sure. hard to argue against that, but if amundson is playing big min things aren't good.
have you ever disagreed with something the knicks did ?
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
happy birthday many more!
calum and ashton's best friend dancing to girls talk boys (via )
well at least he's giving 5sos publicity
i've been dumped after a guy i dated took ayahuasca - not once - but multiple times...i am beginning to think these shamans have an agenda.
hilarious tbh
best wishes and love to the entire ryan murphy family beyond talented group of actors and team! go get em'!!
sooo looking forward to you at super bowl!! get em girl!!:)
i've tried to unsubscribe to a warehouse management software newsletter for 3.5 years because of this
hey, that actually sounds interesting.
happy and fortunate to share at with corinne warnshuis from
loving the support from such a great ally! thank you, sam!
maybe you think you eating pussy, but really pussy eating you...
hell nah mannn i never get lost in the sauce.
5h heroe like powerful girl cinematic message.loved it.
13 hours and already more than 1.5 million views
when all your childhood friends are married and having kids and i'm still sittin here like
i mean we could do something about that
heading back into the office, daydreaming of .
congrats guys! what an amazing accomplishment!
i didn't even know i was an irony bro
being a female irony bro would be the ultimate irony move
i've seen 4k tv's as low as $250
actually i did see an hdr 50" 4k as well but it was an off brand
i think someone is offended....
sounds to me some one is an internet keyboard warrior
just lost my job due to some vague twitter locations... worked there for 9 years. feeling pretty shitty right now.
that's what i call wackattack.
then why are white people considered to be appropriating blackness by wearing dreads? i'm on yr side. i'm trying to understand.
well, first, some black people have naturally straight hair. my mom has straight hair. she's black. and appropriation is about
i've seen 4k tv's as low as $250
they're affordable
maybe you think you eating pussy, but really pussy eating you...
never get lost in the sauce...ever
obama: "hope is on the ballot, and fear is on the ballot too."
hope ppl are smart enough &amp; afraid enough to choose hope &amp; vote for hillary on nov. 8th.
let's make clear that love trumps hate-not just this november, but always.
why didn't climate change even get a mention?
men often are raped. i never implied otherwise.
i read a blog by a male victim of rape:
trump blatantly lied about ford motors moving everything to mexico. in fact, they're creating u.s. jobs
somebody put him in a bag and ship him outa here.
you know the drill-tag a friend by 5pm est and you could both with a bissell. must follow to win!
tagging my tidy friend who has the kindest heart! &lt;3
". our bravolebrities werent honored last night, so today we play " best engagement par...
thank you!!!!! you have no idea how much i needed this today. lmao!!!!! love this!!!!
sara where are the pictures with the dog!? i have to see them
omg soon.... turned out amazing
is one of best cities to in, along lake michigan
yes, until you get murdered.
.: can african-americans get a little of that ahmad khan rahami treatment?
what an ass!
then why are white people considered to be appropriating blackness by wearing dreads? i'm on yr side. i'm trying to understand.
people taking pieces of other cultures that they oppress and do not respect and using what they want while ignoring and not
i'm gonna see justin tomorrow fuck
your going to love it
europe's islamistinvadersharia sewer rats will be dust..gone..done
bond..james bond sfromamerica wlove
check this one out the tourists are so scared they are holding hands praying
. screaming about the gelding of male horses?! are they anti neutering of dogs, cats too?
i mean it's highly relatable
actually i think i gave up last week, so i'm ahead of the curve!
not saying im overjoyed about the coming implosion of 's political career but...wait thats exactly what i'm saying.
at least corrupt has a promising career as trump's butler to fall back on.
deblasio and cuomo on sat night said no known links to intl terrorism. why did they say it? they weren't known but they weren't implausible
they had that lgtbq "manifesto" and didn't know yet?
how is this only x1 i did it like 5 times last week
in that case, time to mute you! nah. i guess you got some freebies.
it's only right lmao i feel so dayroom she been plotting on my seat for a lil minute
do what you gotta do .... put it on worldstar
do you have even a shred of evidence that it was caused by the vaccine? seriously? evidence&gt;anecdote!
it's not ..it's . there are thousands of case studies that ho hpv is dangerous
i am not surprised and said nothing publicly. what i am surprised about is they didn't reply to any of you.
they don't care about the consumer it's only the money they want
yep i pulled that up too. seems to match. thanks
it's strange that this is a whole block away from the merdies tavern.
shit on once a week by someone different for 5 years
is it possible your seductions succeed? or is it just the embarrassment of trying?
then why are white people considered to be appropriating blackness by wearing dreads? i'm on yr side. i'm trying to understand.
crediting the people who started them. it's been shown time and time again that you will credit ww with making things like
which one??
my meadows ticket
sounds like a pp......
clearly other people have the same problem
filmic pro by filmic inc
a second filmic pro
check us out this friday, sept 23 at 9am on and guest host on
yesssss setting up my alarm clock can't wait
when the person god has for us isn't who we want (part 1) with on...
great topic i know this would not happen to you but if god does that it's going to be some problems pray for me
i read a blog by a male victim of rape:
there was never any police report filed, but i believe this male was indeed a victim of gay rape.
the thrilling sequel:
this thread has 32 replies, terminating in, sequentially: an mlk quote over an image accusation of mental illness comparison to trump
you know the drill-tag a friend by 5pm est and you could both with a bissell. must follow to win!
tagging my tidy friend who has the kindest heart!
top clinton ally to trump: fire christie
no way, is a great govenor. do us a favor, fire comey, jail hillary, &amp; impeach obama.
part 2 of the root canal was maybe way worse? my face is numb. good thing i have a huge meeting in three hours!
oh no, it can't have been worse :( hope after mtg you get milkshakes and drugs xxx
understand it was tough, but the tough calls are where the money is earned and the reputation made.
i can't disagree. the more i think about it, the harder it is to swallow (rob rolling over that is)
why don't you come finish me first imam shithead, i abuse the hell out of your dumb ass prophet
lol i knew you would be petrified. lol where are you loudmouth imam?
this heinous tw*twaffle is too stupid to realize those numbers are bad! lmao
/ i don't think the kelly girl had a clue on just about anything
my kids are fully vaccinated, but took one down fast &amp; hard, almost died, 3 yrs and still sick
and anyway, the body gets rid of hpv 80% of the time way before any kind of cancer develops
aww haha how cute
yeah he even sang some of no sense on it also
we landed 15mins after trump &amp; we were told to tweet about how he waited for us. that's bc sat he ditched press, then mocked our absence.
should be one day when not a single reporter or cameraperson shows up to cover him. mass walkout. he enters an empty room.
bi means two. 1. my gender. 2. other genders.
genuine lol. that's good enough for me, just lamenting it's probably not good enough for many.
start w going to , which measures slavery in every country in the world!
thank u..read many books on the issue since 13, met many affected in east eu.want to be a part of actionable ideas to healing
1930s nazi rallies featured an imposing 'cathedral of light'
i'm not sure what your point is. without more, i can only assume you're an admirer. ?!
nooo, you look like you've been training hard:)) that's not just 'slim', keep it up!
. those nhs prescriptions can certainly help with that - better get back to portsmouth to collect one
yay ok, i'm gonna see if more girls want to participate! :)
awesome! keep me posted ;)
i have furthered my life's mission-slamming mike love-and now i will never roam the earth as a ghost via
this is so good.
it's the best, classiest ski cap. people tell me.
should keep you warm on that big blue mountain behind you.
then why are white people considered to be appropriating blackness by wearing dreads? i'm on yr side. i'm trying to understand.
braids, locs (ppl say locs), and other hairstyles that originate in black american, west indian, or various african cultures that
can you imagine the odor back in the day?
at least the romans bathed.
2012 crapernick is not going to show up
its worth a shot tho...we should've won that game
bet you didn't expect him to be this dumb
"he was apparently in plain view, asleep in the doorway" had to check i wasn't on the onion.
i hate when people say pokeman instead of pokemon
i can see why that'd make you upset.
but why are you selling!?!???!!?????!???
i no longer want to go
hey guys, please go tell that bacon is the foundation of a moral society that he hates for some reason. thnx
i do not hate it and think that you sir are a degenerate with no college education and would marry your sister if you could.
i hope he got fucked up
bitch she gone smile
one thing about this election's aftermath seems certain: a *massive* rethinking of the efficacy of tv ads for presidential campaigns
and isnt tv the major reason they have needed big bucks in the past? so revisiting of money needs seems also in order.
lmao our judicial system was already a mockery
i mean that's true but it's certainly not helping
then why are white people considered to be appropriating blackness by wearing dreads? i'm on yr side. i'm trying to understand.
are mocked or banned when black people wear them. do a google search on it.
she's a big girl now.
this is the best prom picture i've ever seen
so the bomber guy and the injured officer are at university hospital newark, which i unfortunately am familiar. (a story for anything nj...)
we'd visit my mom there every day for a few weeks, and i'd stare at the snow in the courtyard to center myself.
we're so glad to hear it! keep it up!
i'll be back this friday morning then hopefully on saturday.
i got enough glossier stickers to cover my walls with now.
i give them with gifts i give my friends for their birthdays like here have a sticker pack and pink pouch for no reason
cvs - corporate pharmacy. has policy to deny patients rx. say md denied rx - computers set to default this way.
they will give you a printout; you are no longer your md's patient, and meds denied. people are sick
a ground stop is in place at due to wx / low ceilings
is currently experiencing departure delays between 16 mins and 30 mins due to tm initiatives:mit:wx
we've been driving since 3am and it's only 1 and it feels like we've been in the car for 7 and a half years and we have 5 more hours
it's bee roughly 7 and a half year
my kids are fully vaccinated, but took one down fast &amp; hard, almost died, 3 yrs and still sick
there isn't one shred of evidence that hpv vax prevents cancer. not one shred.
i work today d: what about tomorrow ??
mariano the cupid of friendship
meanwhile donald trump repeatedly calls for the assassination of a us presidential candidate, and the very same peo...
gotta tell ya, when i hear his name, i wish someone would shoot him. i feel guilty for thinking like this. but...
there was never any police report filed, but i believe this male was indeed a victim of gay rape.
there are gay male rapists out there who target men (gay or otherwise).
the genuine and funny replies to my previous tweet have restored my hope. thank you guys. i'm feeling better already.
turn up the inner bitch kitten, it's battle time !
in my feelings now
why they gotta do this mannnnn
i'm ugly thooo
come on now
ugh. i have a terrible cold. anyone have any remedies that don't involve imbibing roadkill or whisky?
lots and lots of ginger.
so a chicken tikka masala has been in my slow-cooker for 7 hours now. another hour before dinnertime. assuming i hit the "start" button.
you get the senior discount when you eat at home too?
thx. meant could same drivers for rel opt-out be behind econ/poli trends like young men w/o degree opting-out of econ in rec ?
according to , atheists tend to be left of center politically and have above-average incomes.
women have tools to sodomize men also, honey
then if they are using tools, that's not sodomy.
finding a sign that started with s took a minute
your dedication is appreciated
i sent you an email before labor day and i am still waiting for an answer. you too busy eating?
blessed to be able to eat daily. sorry but i haven't seen the email. please resend williams.nyc.gov
this isn't new information at all but i'm an extremely salty person. pls do not be alarmed.
i'm so glad ppl i talk to on a normal basis don't judge my salt levels though. but let's be real. they're all salty ppl too.
we'd visit my mom there every day for a few weeks, and i'd stare at the snow in the courtyard to center myself.
there were always a few straight and neat desire paths across the snow. i'd imagine the grass was brown there in the summer as well.
haha he's so cute i can't
i know but he got off it then
maybe a better question: how do you get the developers on your teams to install and update tools?
build the verify+install process into your main makefile so that from-scratch build auto-installs/updates tools :p
there isn't one shred of evidence that hpv vax prevents cancer. not one shred.
you sick little paid pharma shill. stfu
trustpilot refused to accept my negative review.
we're sorry you are having problems posting a review. please email compliance.com so we can solve asap!
how , once latin america's richest country, fell apart after 16yrs of chavista left-wing
. ummm that's time magazine...
well done hope more &amp; more villages are adopted &amp; transformed by leaders like you. please watch.:)
haha so nice of you to wish your wife on social media.. someday i will do the same to my future wife..
working on first micro progression chart to unveil for students tomorrow on writing claims for literary essays
let us know how it goes! what part of lit essay?
women have tools to sodomize men also, honey
while that may be sexual-assault to use a tool/object, it's not rape per se.
i would be interested to know what sees in rob?
his eyelashes she sad
iconic film!!!!! one of my very favorites.
i remember liking it, but i was floored this time by everyone. patton! elizabeth reaser!
a good time to start collecting famicom games then?
bad time to be buying them at least actually i'm seeing way bigger price jumps on nes than famicom
that's not the question
true it's a tough one tho
no, didn't win any , but i did get to see this.
jonathan is a winner in my book!
does shepherd smith know that the constitution only applies to citizens of the united states of america! not illegals and refugees!
instead of thinking here is shep waiting to speak
make your voice heard: ask clinton &amp; trump to talk about their fiscal plans.
what planet r you from? we have heard trumps plan &amp; doesn't have one. running on i hate trump
(and then you can download our ios app which also supports men:
i'm this guy
i waz thinking of going only cause of kanye. i'll let u snow
i already saw kanye that's the thing
"the true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection." ~ michelangelo
@ "words can't explain its beauty." superb!
bruises on my fingers from 2 much guitarrrr
same babe same
i need to think through how to rebuild a relationship w/ my mother. it's been nearly 30 yrs, she's back now &amp; no longer using drugs.
cool and kind. do it. what goes around comes around...your on your way to good things. hug from california
there are gay male rapists out there who target men (gay or otherwise).
with that said, i think that being gay puts a male at risk for being raped.
the first goal usa u20 wnt conceded vs. brazil is a great lesson in how not to defend (as a team or individually)
that was hard to watch.
why is kristen stewart so much in love with girlfriend alicia... via news break:
yes good 4 u gf sharin this w/the world.no 1 should have 2 hide whom they luv &amp; by doin so others will also
i just can't even...
sorta takes your breath away right ?
cvs - corporate pharmacy. has policy to deny patients rx. say md denied rx - computers set to default this way.
waiting for call from cvs corporate. tired of being screwed by corporate america.. reporting to bbb.
i'm so glad ppl i talk to on a normal basis don't judge my salt levels though. but let's be real. they're all salty ppl too.
clearly the formation of has to become a thing 'cuz wow we're all really salty ppl
you know....... what this calls for.........
omg is it what i think it is
don't chase her bro, she's a
clock belt ?
a 60% chance of success
shit on my face.
lots of bicycles have different sized wheels.
hm. the prototypical one doesn't, i think. but what about bi(week|month|annual|ennial])y, bi/trisect, etc?
so jealous! that box is completely awesome!
it really is
nice meeting you today, bud... well rounded person.
i had no clue you were coming dude it was nice to finally meet you. have a safe trip home. let's do it again next year!
is the best part of , she's so caring and always speaks from her heart. such a good friend and mother.
i believe that she has come 2 the show w/ no agenda &amp; is just keeping it real.some women take it to next level
artpop debuted platinum idk this "flop"
debuted plat where? go off with these canadian claims
well it still stands! dotmocracy is a standard topic prioritization tool in agile - i want to change that.
send a couple of links and i'll ponder. i don't think we're talking about the same implementation of dot voting
if i would have known you back then you wouldn't had been.... nobody should have to go through that shit honestly
thanks man! it was recent actually. it was beginning of last year i just didn't advertise it cus i didn't want sympathy lol
"beauty is how you feel inside , and reflects in you eyes . it is not something physical. " -sophia loren r.avedon
have a wonderful new week. i love this photograph. what a lady
ha, it's really bizarre that people don't correlate the two.
i just laugh and it deepens my sense of purpose =)
clearly the formation of has to become a thing 'cuz wow we're all really salty ppl
i'm just looking and thinking about chat history for the past few days. and wow. just wow.
looks like mj won mets fan of the year
great news !!!!!
first full day without the headphone jack and i'm experiencing hole withdrawals
you stop that
you've been lied to by the media, by activists &amp; by idiot celebrities. here's the truth about "saint ed" .
but he was this close to being in specialdeltasealrangercoastguards! oliver stone's document-o-drama showed it!
the dress spilling out like blood scene is utterly gorgeous in topaz. great episode, really enjoyed it!
i know that shot well. gorgeous stuff.
. is right. media coverage isn't necessarily biased just because it's not equally critical of candidates.
you have to evaluate the coverage itself &amp; determine if it's accurate and newsworthy. you can't just look at its effects on the election.
i have to say that is the most unique allergy i've ever heard of. and i know a girl who's allergic to her own hair..
i am allergic to apples too. wow what do you do when you are allergic to your own hair?
if hillary wants to fire up the base this is a pledge she should make at debate
wouldn't that be something!!!! that's what she needs, a stunt!!!
is that off of another one of your dumb movies??
step brothers is a way of life.
u like hillary because she likes to do things the illegal way?
trump had 4000 cases against him,ranging from rape to defrauding trump university students,4 bankruptcies.
you think the pro-fracking corporatist warmonger is the way to go?
whether we like it or not, either or . hrc is problematic, but trump is disastrous!
hm. the prototypical one doesn't, i think. but what about bi(week|month|annual|ennial])y, bi/trisect, etc?
i feel like ,in english, you explicitly have to state things are non-uniformly distributed; even is unmarked.
should i take a look at these films?
i think you should. theyre interesting and the little music thats plays in each one i personally like
there were always a few straight and neat desire paths across the snow. i'd imagine the grass was brown there in the summer as well.
snow, btw, is some of the best stuff on earth. school days, snow forts, snowballs, skiing, winter wonderlands, etc.
yup, i paid 700 for mine this weekend. has faux hdr functionality lol
this tv will do hdr10 according to rtings
tonight w/ +more on threats 2 health workforce! live stream here
looking forward to it!
another commute from hell on the x12. thanks,
perhaps the runs you eliminated were so empty because your drivers aren't trained to properly keep schedule, and the buses run back to back?
makes her 'post-hoc' reasoning look like finding a way to justify a preferred decision.
the emails/meeting notes between $srpt &amp; woodcock will be interesting. someone's sharpening the foia
i dove deep into the world of gmo mosquitoes and found that the politics may be more worthy of fear than the science
i try to remind myself that it's the mums that bite us to feed their babies
this is 1 of the victims from the minnesota attack in the mall. so sad! will u share?
he is too busy editing tapes in hopes of making her look good. impossible task.
we're facing a candidate with a history of discrimination in his businesses, who retweets white supremacists, and led the birther movement.
be honest for once. your friend syd blumenthal was caught red-handed leading the birther movement.
u heard it?
you talking bout that song "lit"?
just for you
love it!!!!thank you mamas!!!papa order na!
the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell
the primordial sound has 3 registers
so excited to go to chicago where no one cares what gigi hadid had for breakfast
not a single person
metal doesnt't get any more fun
hailz all metalheadz
your deploy process should be, at most, one click or one command.
opinions should be kept to oneself.
i do, but at times i'll do one free video so you can see what i can create. i actually did a video for :)
. i caleb's work, most especially his follow up, attention2 listening &amp; execution &amp; customer service, hire him!
doughnuts have magically appeared on our kitchen table i have no idea who's they are but i am very close to eating them
save me one
kopitar stopped on penalty shot by mrazek. why no gaborik?!?!
torts coaches this team, too?
he might be confusing the halal guys with random halal guys
that would have made sense, but he was talking generically about "wealthy street vendors" who sell $5-10 lunches.
you stop that
but seriously. i just had to stop listening to music to charge my phone and now i can hear my coworkers. it's terrible.
what kind of person goes to the yelp page of the restaurant owned by the family of an accused bomber to leave a bad review of the bombing
i assume you're looking for a more specific answer than "white dudes"?
i mean there's no point in even watching the movies now
. right, exactly. should cancel all future productions, imho
oktoberfest was fucking insane
after drinking beer for 12 full hours @ oktoberfest these crazy germans convinced us to go on the gd freefall carnival ride w/ them
eye-catching headline/story of the day by : "wayne splurges by flying home on , seat 28b!"
looking for tweet and picture of his seat mate.
what does the k in k-mart stand for?
you've gotten the hang of twitter, but apparently not google. hit em with the heeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnn.
setlist from saturday night at caerphilly castle...
wait isn't over here right now? :d
just in case you forgot how to tag me when you're attempting to throw shade:
you are a common white girl
they didnt want to give me my loan since like last monday
pendejo, u should've just gone to cabrillo, why the fuck are u using loans bro?
"laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face." victor hugo
that is true.
brought to you by damn daniel at the starbucks you are cute as heckie but i don't know how to communicate like a real person
shout incoherent things
hi; thx for the tweet. was a great conference. but...that sketchnote is from the talk by , yes?
hard to sketch note yourself, isn't it? ;)
i feel like ,in english, you explicitly have to state things are non-uniformly distributed; even is unmarked.
this is just a whole other conversation about semantics now but whatever i love that shit.
jill stein confirming the green relationship to fascism
dangerous folly
after bombings, hillary clinton says donald trump's words enable terrorists - via
president obama and her unconstitutional actions with un vetted refugees policies..are the cause..
depends on where it is and if its of a tasteful nature
who determines
unger: q's etep's "trivial treatment effect". trivial? any dmd parent with an exon-51 boy on etep would strongly disagree.
i understand, but anecdotal parental opinion is not a criterion for drug approvals
i'm excited about your new health shake recipes!
everything a growing robot needs
inside the mind of a liberal
no that's inside the mind of a stupid moron.. being liberal has nothing to do with it.
when the person god has for us isn't who we want (part 1) with on...
oh. god sends different options for us to choose from that's nice to know
and i sure as hell won't vote for someone who deserves to be in prison
trump hasn't been on trial for trump university yet- lets give him presumption of innocence
back to our regular programing? i'm glad we hung out last night and had fun
me to i could use a fun night after today but they have me closing
does anyone have experience traveling to boston?
traffic sucks ass there
finally got a chance to read flintstones 1-3, it's even better than i'd heard- just get it and read it, you will be rewarded handsomely.
i said it modern society satire at its finest. only it the stone age.
oh wait they released a new gopro too? how did i miss that?? lol. was so focused on the drone / stabilzer. sickkkk ah.
aight so i gotta save up for the karma, gp5 &amp; gp5 session then go on an epic adventure of some sort.
turns out chris christie got updates as it happened. he could have been a newscaster like me!
tough for him to fit in frame.
those animations along the boards is really throwing me off
because it keeps changing?
snap got me cryinnnnnnn
what's his snap?
u like hillary because she likes to do things the illegal way?
with all these legal matters,trump needs one court full time to handle his crimes.
grinding on random chicks butt cheeks isn't that appealing to me as much as it once was.
growth brethren
the execution of . shot fired at 0:17. then they abandon him. arrest them right now
that's f'ucd
lol of course he did
yeah he had to eventually
the holy prophet (saw) would've freed the banu tribe (traitors) but they asked to be punished by the torah
so he just had to kill them like the savage he is. you people are sick.
scbwi or another sponsor?
no, it's privately run by . go next year, it's marvelous.
accidentally opens web twitter this "while you were away" window is literally just seiyuu tweets......
the better cat miku imo
we sure will! i'll be back for the home opener again i hope. i'm gonna try my best to come for 1 more game though this season.
i will be at the tampa bay game dec4 and the kc game jan 1st may be the last game at the q
i've brunched in chelsea! trois canards. it was fabulous! no dumpster. no bomb, fortunately.
used to love that place. when i lived in chelsea it was our fave brunch spot. moved from 8th ave around corner now closed sadly
language is mutable and yes society prob perceives an even split with bi because of use in time buuuuut
i think that comes down to "the sexuality of a person is irrelevant unless you're trying to get with them."
do i have any followers here with a sales background? i have a friend with a company doing creative &amp; meaningful work that could use you.
please share with your friend
my boyfriend always eats my leftovers im breaking up with him
do it so he can be mine instead
anne is mine and everyone kinda needs to step off ya know
fight for me
snow, btw, is some of the best stuff on earth. school days, snow forts, snowballs, skiing, winter wonderlands, etc.
one morning the area was a trampled chaos, and pink in splotches. a guy was shot just outside the hospital and made it that far to collapse.
what's the year cutoff for millennials-who-admit-they're-millennials? i feel like people born before 1983 really don't like the label.
i've never self-identified as millennial ('86) and for some reason i thought it was a synonym for '90s kids and now i'm in crisis
chris christie knew about scheme to close george washington bridge lanes, prosecutors said
"lock 'em up?"
gun violence rhetoric in nutrition science debate? in y'day's
aw give katz a break. i'm a fan of lchf but agree with his call for civility and detente.
wear it up a lot. if it touches the back of her neck, she breaks out in hives. humans are weird..
that really sucks. i am sorry for her.
"i'm the only candidate in this race who's been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield. -hillary
you created isis.
my dad said it was better coming here and he's helping me pay it so why not
bro that's gonna be hella cash tho..
terminally ill patients in pain should be able to give consent to end suffering. i've seen several family members die slow horrid deaths.
couldn't agree more- this is a very moving story about a conductor &amp; his wife-
you are killing it!
thank you so much cutie
watch: minnesota police chief shames fox news after they try goading him to bash somali immigrants
- it clearly was desire to drive a racist wedge in there but, they lost b/c the "real" ppl spoke up
introduction to from champion at the minibooth 1:30pm
you should check the electronic schedule :-)
ackerman and salt fish grease on ya hairline!!!
lmfaoo mad jerk seasoning on the clippers
.'s dog-ate-my-homework presser. on cost of econ plan: "um i don't know"
given your homework debacle, looks like you need to finish school &amp; grow up before meddling in
monday morning qb'in on a monday afternoon re:jon idzik pick. pryor nice player &amp;cooks linked 2jets, but wr starved jets pass on kbenjamin!
for the record i kept saying it when every mock draft had beckham, cooks, lee to jets but nobody had that monster to them. cldnt understsnd
millenials have always hated her, yet dnc ignored every sign
has problems with anyone who has a working brain.
but, it's ironic that you can join the military at 18, 17 with parental consent. i guess it all depends on their "agenda"
vote smoke, go to war &amp; drive a car not drink at 18 yet we now do so many things to keep our 18 year olds from feeling like adults
fighter's golovkin has ducked: canelo lara tyson (mike) ward oscar de la hoya (called him out in 2013) hopkins
to be fair tho seem like everyone ducking lara these days
that's literally the tv i bought
nice. looks a good one. i have last year's model
not too much on my country
um she earned a platinum plaque there for shipments
donald j. trump rally streaming fort myers, fl 3 pm et
watching now
five guys is a gift from god
word but they prices out of hand
4 1/2 years working until close to midnight makes me very sensitive to the topic. i never take 9 to 5 for granted!
i can understand, my son works shifts, 911
yes but 1. parties more divided. 2. no agreement now on rev neutrality. 3. 86 moved $ from biz to ind. hard now.
. yes but potus makes all the difference w divided government if clinton/gingrich worked...
i love youuu see you in 6 months
beautiful vince. very touching. wish you well
is this a tried and true approach
he was at the premiere at the third divergent movie in a tailored suit and vans. seemed to work fine from peeps around the theater
no that would be the woman who lied repeatedly to congress, had blackberries destroyed, blamed others.
she at least is the nominee you and i got as many delegates for president
you know the drill-tag a friend by 5pm est and you could both with a bissell. must follow to win!
he is a cleaning wiz..
just because it is old does not mean it is right. thanks.
: i am sure the validity of the policy is not based on how it is- there is strides of national interest!
video: footage showing fatal police shooting of unarmed okla. man terence crutcher released
i just don't get how 4 or 5 police officers can't take down one man without killing him. he was tasered didn't need to be shot.
this will forever have me weak!
tell blowster to scout silvia as a running back
hello jeff, can you please give it a try? thank for helping us btw :)
yay! it worked
keep pinch-closing until you get to the top-most level?
found it. it's a swipe from left off screen. weird that they use one method on iphone and a whole other method on ipad.
they knew when they bought in that bc wasn't built for hockey &amp; would be near impossible to reconfigure it for legit nhl arena.
there's nothing shady about it - the hockey team is priority , i would be upset if they weren't exploring options.
i want people to stop thinking that they can design clothes
what was that?
whatever happened to the pompadour?
it went by way of the crew cut.
trump crowd is booing "the media" and chanting "lock her up." they've waited more than an hour, and they're bloodth...
really...bloodthirsty? anything for the drama
give in to temptation. leave your everyday life at the gates of the garden and give into your deepest desires...
no my desires happen in the garden
i think that comes down to "the sexuality of a person is irrelevant unless you're trying to get with them."
like, at what other point is that information supposed to be relevant to you?
does jenny know that "white domestic" terrorist have taken way more lives in the us since 911?
pretty sure she doesn't b/c since they aren't muslim she doesn't consider them terrorists
found it. it's a swipe from left off screen. weird that they use one method on iphone and a whole other method on ipad.
i had to reinstall to go through tutorial to figure that out.
found out the hard way that this grey cat over here has a gluten allergy..
my bigger dog is allergic to dairy, i found out the hard way too. :-(
want a suite at staples center for 2017 all star weekend? will cost you between $9000-20000.
wanna split one??? haha
that was amazing!!!
what happened tonyou this season???
frankie: what? i thought your mama wouldn't let you. mary: she will with essie and betty-jean. just not with you.
already regretting crossing drag race with parade.
one thing i've learned these past couple of months is that happiness is something you have to work for...it will never be handed to you
you won't find it in anyone else either. that happiness is temporary. true happiness comes from yourself
looking for a hot american to marry so i don't have to pay 30% tax. might even marry my bro since we'll be rooming together
what makes you think americans don't pay that much in taxes? i actually pay more then 30%
tired? after today, public calendar blank for rest of week...
she's either exhausted or smoking some really good stuff.
i've always taken issue with this.
fair comment i agree many of the social programs the libs push are designed to increase dependency &amp; minimize independence
one morning the area was a trampled chaos, and pink in splotches. a guy was shot just outside the hospital and made it that far to collapse.
taking one of the desire paths, i'm sure, on the aborted trip to the er. everyone knew about it, but just kinda shrugged. newark, after all.
i'm working through the resentment that i have re: my mother being absent. &amp; i'm trying to find the forgiveness that i think she deserves.
let go,the saved her is her.
watch (new york city): nawaz sharif avoids answering questions on
remove the diplomatic protection and arrest the bastard.
for the record i kept saying it when every mock draft had beckham, cooks, lee to jets but nobody had that monster to them. cldnt understsnd
kelvin benjamin is going to put up monster seasons like the yr bmarshal had w the jets last yr
case and point:
run for your life!
it's the best game ever
lmao lets play when i come over
clinton foundation spent barely 6 percent on charitable grants in 2014:
- you lie and you're stupid - give it up girl
nah normans in his head
obj smoked em' last season and will probably do it again, hope the redskins get the w though
yes, i bet it will
and the direction will be....
it's wrong to tear each other down. it's wrong to let income inequality get worse. it's wrong to put a loose cannon in charge.
it's wrong to steal an election, wrong to sell out to corporate america. wrong to promote fracking. wrong to launder money.
was charged with rape, plead down idiot
"was charged with rape"&lt;--citation needed.
trust me, isis wants to become president. he's a fantastic recruiter for terrorism.
what if this bomber was incited by trump's words?
bree i just realized how many piercings u actually have lol
6 not included the gauges thank god it really doesn't look like that many though
it should be illegal to serve chicken and eggs together.
no way dude haven't you ever had a nyc egg and cheese w/chicken cutlet? yum
i told my cabbie i was a reporter headed to a hillary clinton speech. here's his side of our conversation.
that's a whole lotta conspiracy theory packed into one card ride
shocked by people using the to tweet xenophobic messages today. we've had enough hate already. time to look forward.
last evening summit with c
celebrate 10 years of 'sundowning' with a brand new album. 'bastards still remain', out now.
vinyl pre-orders go live on friday at noon at
just because it is old does not mean it is right. thanks.
enjoy the "song" and appreciate his sense of humor "dodoma..." rip dr. remy
you won't find it in anyone else either. that happiness is temporary. true happiness comes from yourself
if you really want to be happy you will work for it no matter what obstacle stands in your way
was charged with rape, plead down idiot
i asked for an instance where a woman was ever convicted of rape.
wishing you a wonderful day today
rainy monday but i'm not complaining. i had a fab wknd
nypd and fbi seek ahmad khan rahami in connection with chelsea bombing
you know they found him already
taking one of the desire paths, i'm sure, on the aborted trip to the er. everyone knew about it, but just kinda shrugged. newark, after all.
also, there's a crummy burger king in the basement.
follow + rt for a chance to win a box of whoopie pies! winner every monday!
would love to try chocolate cake with mint frosting!
woman who found second chelsea bomb though it was "weird science experiment."
very dangerous and frightening
after negotiating salary for two months, i got the confirmation today -- i'm officially principal of my pr firm!
the glow up!
i told my cabbie i was a reporter headed to a hillary clinton speech. here's his side of our conversation.
that's a whole lotta conspiracy theory packed into one cab ride
we don't have many brick home in l.a. because they fall apart during earthquakes.
i like the stucco style of the houses in ps.
shooting is my home promo for at the . awesome time selling the city i love.
oh that looks familiar
this has always troubled me as well
this is why seeing huge pizza hut trucks on smith st makes me livid. why is there pizza hut in brooklyn?!
both 1st round games could go either way.. will have big games; give slight edge
goin wit ; got feelin will play but
been putting off making a meeting with an executive for months because i was scared it'd start off like, "...who the fuck are you?"
never be afraid!! get yourself out there :))
sometimes it makes me sad that i never played in a band.
be grateful for all the time you were able to enjoy not fighting with your band and recording and shit.
my day off with the fire department of east haddam. thanks for stopping and checking my bacon. sorry it got smokey.
gotta head up to o'rourke's diner in middletown and let them cook your breakfast. great stuff!
nicole you did cry sometimes bc you didn't want to seem sneaky, like a rat or snake to the people on the outside
it's a game people n she made it 2 second place yaa nicole
. on trump's "crippled america": maybe america only looks crippled "if you're sitting in the penthouse."
a fool jester for the queen of greed and mean..
citches always say something bout anigga age citch u was fuccn at 15 or 16 ifk u only 18 now and ratchet as fucc
lol what does that have to do with how old you are?
"was charged with rape"&lt;--citation needed.
also, that case was predicated upon the woman breaking &amp; entering into the man's residence.
williams: "we have no choice but to improve."
meaning that things can't get worse?
just a week? i need about three years at least.
i'm five months strong dealing with useless bullshit.
we want to let the world know who you are!
thank you. have a great week :-)
we hope we got you some sharp pieces that make your closet your new favorite meeting space. let us know your thoughts!
got some great stuff thx!
happy birthday beautiful! hope you have a gr8 day we need to have a girls day &amp; make it happen fr!
thanks girl! much appreciated! and yes we do!!!! just lmk!!
terry collins says today's lineup is "all about" giving jay bruce a mental health day. that's his second such day since joining the .
when is it his "multi-hit game"???
is that a real thing?
it is and one of the best drunk foods ever
also, that case was predicated upon the woman breaking &amp; entering into the man's residence.
in addition to the man &amp; woman having no prior relationship.
speechless really, ((how could she be that dumb? figure she must always have been a green-fascist))
is it spite? apparently she's ok with destroying the paris agreement, revoking the clean water act
rode my bike in the piss this morning
it's a good look 4 u
you're lucky that you're a pretty fantastic person and pretty cute because that's just awful.
( ) lets go bro step outside you're lucky i don't have long enough hair to whip in your face anymore
...your flight qualifies for compensation you'll receive email notification. 3/3
it was a tough beginning but i can't tell you enough how amazed i am about your customer service and your jfk location! my favorite
our september poll shows him down by 9 points.
interesting. when did you release this?
aww thanks love, his name is michael very sweet man, learning to steal my heart
happy for you!
i can understand, my son works shifts, 911
ooh, necessary work, but i'm sure that's a grueling schedule. i'm always thankful for the jobs that make our world function.
this is all still so weird.
haha all i can do is laugh.
you know the drill-tag a friend by 5pm est and you could both with a bissell. must follow to win!
he is a cleaning wiz
on a scale of 1-jizzable how good are the new design for on forms
better have a spare pair of undies handy
pbs will start showing it 9/25
oh ok you saw a trailer...yes. that is my birthday. oh you are so lucky.
in addition to the man &amp; woman having no prior relationship.
her conviction was based upon very specific circumstances.
happy birthday bro bro have a good day dude!!
thanks brotha i appreciate it
not anymore bc i hate boys there stupid
facts!! &amp;&amp; everyone b smoking ode now
the man has children and grandchildren. he is not the monster you think
even a rat can reproduce
why do you hate facts?
lol facts speak for themselves ck the math moron bc u look like a smart guy
"i am here to put in the work." begins pro baseball career with :
is that a wart at the end of his nose??
i get the feeling nieves &amp; players of his level simply don't read buchnevich's plays the way a true pro level playe...
having seen buchnevich make so many great passes and plays during the tourney &amp; no one can finish them, it's telling.
adam west is 88. his brilliantly deadpan &amp; sincere bruce wayne/batman is up there with leslie nielsen's frank drebi...
and he's had a remarkable third act using it on family guy.
you're a great friend, you know that?
oh my god one is a truffle gouda and i'm basically barricading myself in the bedroom so i don't try it before she gets here.
enter today + tag friends for extra entries. win a box of whoopie pies! winner on 9/26!...
chocolate raspberry whoopie pies sounds amazing!
well somebody has issue's, didn5t you get breast fed as a baby?
issues? lol maybe lactose intolerant and btw milk from a cow and breast milk are completely different lol
friday night's contest between antioch &amp; de la salle is scheduled to be on espnu at 8 p.m.
can i pre order tickets?
i was at the upper east side location. i even brought my mom her own tortilla chips as yours are fried in the same oil as fish
thanks for the info. we fry our chips morning of with fresh oil so that shouldn't be an issue but i understand the precaution
can we start referring to this guy as the 'fried chicken bandito' please?
we still have *so many hours* to wait for tomorrow's post cover
unarmed black man fatally shot by white police officer in tulsa, oklahoma
makes kaepernick's point. police still shooting first before evidence of a gun is seen.
her conviction was based upon very specific circumstances.
i'll admit u are right if u can show me any instance where a woman has been charged w/ date-rape.
not saying everyone is like this, much like saying every use of the pepe meme is antisemetic is silly but this is the shit your opponents do
it's very knee-jerk with what i'm seeing towards heatstreet.
if debuting at number one is a flop whats a hit?
not having a 82% drop in sales the second week :/
meeting with the president of egypt
no that's hillary. he needs to stay away from the un. he will just hurl more insults.
four hours until the wentz wagon invades solider field.
is that an team they are playing in that video?;)
are you coming to oakland :o
are you in oakland?
mets take on the braves at city field. lgm
ooooh, any mets fan knows it's citi field. shame on you!! lol
liked them a lot better before t. ferg. left for australia. smith still not cleared. trier is special though. can t...
lauri starts the season and gives ray some time to get back to basketball shape. it wi...
didn't get a chance to see over her dead body at the kennedy center? that's okay; they recorded it for you!
they shared it with the youtube, to boot.
there were maggots in the feet
eww that's gross
neat! what songs of hers are your favorite? or at least your favorites to sing?
i sing a lot of everyone's favorites how about i come do a show at your restaurant?
enlighten me w/ your thoughts on the situation
omg !!!!!! on it
breaking: 800 immigrants mistakenly granted citizenship/315,000 "special interest" missing fingerprints fox news
who is the president who appointed them????
, do you think it was a good idea to give a "testimonial" about fund performance? just direct him to court docs?? thanks.
im not selling any partnership interests so it should not matter
elizabeth and perth amboy. two of the 'garden spots' of the garden state.
uncorrelated side note, both cities are abbott districts.
and it was yesterday evening, sunday september 18th.
i will share this with the ues team and once again i apologize for the miscommunication. as you said you've dined with us before..
you know in high school ... you do anything for brittany on the cheerleading team to notice you
i guess flowers n shit is out the way now?
they will give you a printout; you are no longer your md's patient, and meds denied. people are sick
and i'm sick of cvs putting me into withdrawals from antidepressants, lying to me.
this young man has so much potential
why arent we harnessing his power
i'll admit u are right if u can show me any instance where a woman has been charged w/ date-rape.
if it can be established that a woman &amp; man had a prior relationship, there would be no charges.
are there going to be a lot of news analyses that say this "casts a shadow" over trump's campaign?
maybe a few!
congrats to fan for winning the emmy award for outstanding guest actor in a drama series.
one of the best actors around &amp; he's awesome in !
lovely dear;thanks;
great photo.
is it spite? apparently she's ok with destroying the paris agreement, revoking the clean water act
we need these frameworks, even if they are preliminary and inadequate
the white person screaming help the funniest shit i fucking ever heard before in my life
that's you ken
i've officially accepted a full-time eployment offer from audible. thanks to all who helped out while i was looking! much appreciated.
congrats! the only thing amazon's makin' money on but aws!
thanks for the follow paddi. hope to see you again soon
i support your endeavors and loved your movie
terry collins says today's lineup is "all about" giving jay bruce a mental health day. that's his second such day since joining the .
needs a few more...... bruce meet bench
and it was yesterday evening, sunday september 18th.
i hope you know this is not how we usually operate as we try our best to be as accommodating as possible
ooh, necessary work, but i'm sure that's a grueling schedule. i'm always thankful for the jobs that make our world function.
yes so impressed with him,calm voice, tg he didn't inherit my nervous system lol
changing much between the current period of the presidency and the last year
very good point!!
knows what's up. small studio, that'll be $500.
it's seriously out of control!
soooo q&amp;a time? because back wednesday night, so, y'know... go
favorite book? favorite author?
i just became a member of the twub. for live tweets, photos, videos, check out
you may enjoy new capabilities for in the
per tc, matz would be capped at 50 pitches in his first start back. if he comes back.
so someone would be piggybacking with him i'd assume?
we totally need to do a cheese and wine meal soon.
oh, you really should come over. it's going to be cheese, wine, and orphan black.
i'm 26. congratulations to the 21% of people who guessed correctly.
you look older in the picture. hahaha. i know it's greg peck.
low bandwidth version of the schedule builder app by
left is hightech app, right is my working lowtech. app keeps crashing
after two days of official lies about "no terror connection" in ny &amp; nj bombings, facts revealing terror connection to now emerge.
watch out for the hate mail jim. ; )
my relationship with popeyes is being tested.
mine as well. let us pray.
i hope another black man gets gunned down by police soon cause blm pussy be everywhere
i find it disgusting how black men are fetishized following a police shooting. especially with the way they try to disguise it as "care".
most of the people online with me in albany were former democrats
welcome i have met a lot of democrats that just cant live with voting for hrc.
the mets are obviously using tebow's jersey sales to sign cespedes long term.
because we all know how much the wilpons need the cash. hey, paying bobby bonilla every year isn't peanuts, you know!
the only walk in closet i care about
hahahahhahahaha....made my week. that's really funny. thank you. hats off for leaf medicine.
as a warlock main, i can say with full confidence that bungie fucked up so bad by making permanent quickdraw exotics.
bro i'm literally crying everything that made my blade dancer relevant in this game has now been ner...
sweet lou amundson is coming to training camp. they needed another veteran big. no assurance ndour, plumlee make final 15.
of course phil will be shopping in the dollar store.
wildstein, govt's star bridgegate witness, could get probation not prison because he's cooperating -- despite admitting closing lanes.
there are a lot of employees at the pa who felt his mean-spirited wrath and will not be happy to hear that.
i hope it's cooler and not uncooler
not sure what that means but i liked it anyways
biggest pet peeve in the world is when bugs buzz in my fucking ear.
bro we had like 8 fuckin flys in our classroom i was hot i couldn't even focus
you think is tired of waiting on my mom and me!
a seahawks fan, can't believe he does not go for the giants
funny how u are trying to hide shit, but i always find out
we already know the answers to questions before we ask them
that's fine, i got a thing for all women...i do not discourage.
i'm just saying i have a favorite and it just so happens to be felicity smoak, maude garret, and now super girl.
it all makes sense now!
he is a good looking guy eyelashes and all... i was told he is a super nice guy......
obamas rigged primary made hillary an illegitimate nominee
she could not beat bernie .so rigged it.
and i'm sick of cvs putting me into withdrawals from antidepressants, lying to me.
next call? bbc, cnn, abc, nbc, cbs... not fox. the right loves corporate thieves.
4 years ago, a guy told me i couldn't build costumes well because i was a girl. huh. is it rude to say mic drop?
neat cool and attractive costumes, you do fantastic work, never stop excelling to greater heights!
subculture that turned into fast and furious franchise. maybe not your followers, but lots of people
really? i had no idea they were racing civics. i always assumed they were racing nicer cars.
case and point:
by the way, john wesley shipp followed me, so i'm officially consorting with superheroes. and supervillains.
keith thurman was in las vegas on friday night for the fights. his hair is really luxurious.
i love the 80's.
i found someone deserving of my love &amp; affection and that is you.
this sounds very sappy but i just love myself a lot.
"was charged with rape"&lt;--citation needed.
ok, i see: "was originally charged with 2nd degree rape"
it must have been the sf and f of the rome masters, i guess. the rome sf against andy was epic.
the final against raga was okay.
bro i'm literally crying everything that made my blade dancer relevant in this game has now been ner...
looks like i'm main a warlock now and running only a golden gun/shade rip my beloved blade rip
do you guys still have a cart in madison square park/flatiron? yelp shows it as open with a recent view.
we do not, not sure why it's being listed
it took my exactly an hour to walk home from skyline today lol so s/o to people who bus or walk to school everyday that's some motivation
*me not my excuse my careless grammar
got my signed cd from get yours here: \m/
ty maria! you're awesome...and thank you for always supporting!
he's meeting him as well
god help us another photo op.
what's the bread situation on this thing
it's a roll my god have you never had a classis bec???!!
would you be able to provide the order id of the cancelled order? we would like to have a supervisor reach out to you directly.
o19252043. i'm waiting to find out if the merchant is picking up the order that was delivered after i cancelled it.
yes so impressed with him,calm voice, tg he didn't inherit my nervous system lol
ha ha! i'm sure that's a job with quite a few slow parts punctuated by extremely tense bursts! not everyone could do it i'm sure.
no, this is an important topic, actually. it's about the corporate globalist takeover at its heart
that's the same as trump stop all these refugees. rape in europe at an all time high even children.
the j.r. smith-cavaliers contract standoff is just strange
psychos don't come cheap, evidently.
it's because of all the shitty tattoo reality shows. where everyone's tattoo has some magical meaning.
was thinking the same thing. even if it doesn't have a meaning, it does remind me of what my life was like when i got it, though.
sitting ups. come on now. everyone
hello kenny. love that smile!
djt literally repeats what hrc said about him?
trump's words "savagery and murder." outrageous fear mongering to gullible saps. pander to anti muslim hatred.
it is an outrage that not one major wall street executive has gone to jail for causing the near collapse of the economy.
they gave hillary 48.5 million trump only 19 thousand . that is why
very good point!!
i was, maybe naively, hopeful that things were improving under aquino but i think all this moves us backwards
should be $300 for one month lmao
i'm with that lmao, i can cleanse out for some cash , shit i'll just be fuckin turnt for escape so cal
i hope you know this is not how we usually operate as we try our best to be as accommodating as possible
thank you- he failed to tell us the chips were fried fresh and said that they were all fried in the same oil.
do you remember when radio shack sold radio shack-branded playstation to usb converters cuz that ruled
do u remember when we skipped cheap trick to watch hellraiser and eat indian? happy hellraiser anniversary day yesterday.
oh yeah? you've got a bodycount of 24? well i have a threadcount of 700 so who's the real victor you straw-matress fuckface
i wish this tweet would've gone viral
i honestly don't know why i watched the whole thing but i did and my brain hurts
honestly i am so disgusted, but imma still eat fig newtons so oh well
news: sanders: have any criminal inquiries in wells fargo case been filed?
they gave hillary millions
do you by any chance have any documentation of the 2007 queer caucus "mother may i" exhibition/conference you could share?
wow - may be pre- iphone let me check around
afterwards we can drink wine and sing tragically hip songs
i didn't know that th guy was sick and i feel bad.
so you thought a jet black iphone was a good idea.
it's not the worst idea they had tho.
well, *i* wouldn't call it that... ;-)
jeremy lin fan fiction counts
this bear was not seen in the supporters section but near it in 135. get it out there guys ...
last seen in and or near the vicinity of 135 consuming a chicken dipper. spread the word.
this is for all the morons who compared trump to hitler at the . you are incredibly stupid.
they are too stupid &amp; don't know history when they do that they marginalize the plight of 6 mil jews who died
cnn holding a town hall with obama, "america's military &amp; the commander in chief," on 9/28. moderating
oh an anti rally? what are your thoughts?
was charged with rape, plead down idiot
wow, one woman out of 300 million us residents was charged w/ 2nd degree rape, but no conviction.
new jersey the way chris christie is handling his job as governor: approve 26% disapprove 69% (rutgers-eagleton poll, rv, 9/6-10)
good pick donald... was polling in 30's before the don snatched him for clean-up duty...
actually a lot higher than i would have expected.
i really liked it.
idk who i think i am drinking soda like its the thing to do today
you've changed
do they spear all their fish from the local river?
spear? how newfangled! they catch them by hand!
happy birthday hope you're enjoying college &amp; having a great day
awww thank you lauren! and i actually am lol
wait until you come to acocks green!
wait until i pile out of manchester picadilly in a shit state next week, will be like the 8th wonder.
ha. i mean this truer version of yourself. i hope it's better than the constrained version. not everybody will come out ahead.
if you can't handle how real it's about to get i understand
just got out of radio bootcamp class with . couldn't recommend it more to radio beginners!
twitter hearts! thanks!
i'm out of town at the moment. what was it?
for the chelsea incident suspect on the loose. crazy airhorn pulsing alert at 7am, literally thought the world was ending
airport grub again for me tonight.
you get used to it!!
those assholes flying the confederate flag r republicans. just ask any of them.
no democrat would damage their self worth flying that piece of crap flag.
and it was yesterday evening, sunday september 18th.
let me know if there is anything i can do to make it up to you. i would be happy to buy you and your family dinner to apologize
assuming $1 profit per lunch, that would mean selling 400 lunches per day. seems unlikely.
yeah, that guy didn't understand the concept of food costs or overhead costs. such a tough way to make a living.
pets really do look like their owners!
you hit that nail right on the head
philly fop chief on presidential endorsement: clinton 'blew the police off'
i'm getting tired of hearing thank you 'first responders' democrats won't say thank you police
can you recommend any super-cool halloween-y etsy stores? share 'em!
makes some awesome halloween stuff
do you agree?!
i think the two teams are pretty close. both have key injuries. both have questions in ol. both are good on defense.
happy birthday gorgeous!! have a wonderful day!
thank you baby!!!
fig newtons are the shit nothing could make me not eat those
those wasps are just more protein i guess
must be nice.
it is because im gonna get ice cream
hey, man, , and these girls are making a game. help 'em out. there's an awesome t-shirt for ya, too.
thank you for the shout out rus!!!
if you really want to be happy you will work for it no matter what obstacle stands in your way
easier said than done, but if you truly want to be happy you will work for that shit &amp; you won't stop until you are fulfilled with that shit
: there must be more orderly, safe &amp; legal pathways for refugees to safety; &amp; ref. conv. fully respected.
just not with advanced and civilized western people. keep them in islamic societies.
great day to be out in support of &amp; at the
great seeing you and crew! thx for supporting the
than you inspector trump for putting your life on the line today to make america safe ... wait, that was a tax paying cop who did that.
schoolyard bullies talk tough until somebody has the stones to pop them in the mouth.
it's kind of hard to compare anything with your privacy settings so tight...
well yeah i made a privacy on mah r* social club account
chris christie: " it's not true that [trump] kept [birtherism] up for five years." governor, it is 100 percent true.
repubs don't care about the truth.
&amp; brooklyn, sounds like a great combination! test rides for dutchies visiting? :)
of course! the folks in the shop will be happy to
the only problem with this argument is that the nfl has nothing to do with - and no power over - the nominating pro...
i think that is naive considering the make up of the board of directors of the
help me get this trash candy out my office! only an hour left or so to vote. can a queen get 100 votes pls!
so which one was your vote???
hello, what's this? a package from canada
are there cats in it?
sammy watkins: "we need to play better"
gee... you think?
they were n afghanistan bobo, not iraq. gw said saddam had wmds but proven wrong
michael, are you confusing him with facts?
yes, one could use it as a training source. i probably won't since its inner workings are not transparent.
pretty much exactly why i dont like people,
it's newt (tm)
notice the clowns trump uses as warm-up acts. unhinged giuliani, and fat old newt. christie out of the rotation,
a question from a long time ago. we're still looking for answers. got any ideas? ...
the hard part is a pairing that works with the milk as much as the captain crunch. perhaps central coast chard?
you drink a vial of kanye west's sweat, what super powers do you now have?
the power to drink somebody's sweat
are you aware of the equivalency update? change is coming 10/1/16. |
as soon as our wishes r known. public servants r working to dilute the requested change i don't like paying 4 limits
it's kind of hard to compare anything with your privacy settings so tight...
only frnd's can see mah profile
michelle already wanted to go after paul!(correction) nicole did plant the seed in natalie about paul throwing jame...
they were playing the game
happyyyy bdaayyyy susieee cuz sending love and positivity ur way! bless up fam
thanks mercy! i miss ya girl
rnc head threatens cruz, kasich and jeb: get behind trump or we can make your life miserable
this should make them more determined than ever not to yield to their threats.
. thanks for visiting! we hope you had a wonderful time!
here m-f for work each week. well-run and great pac mates!
what you think ?! bringing the noise?
i'll be awake and capturing my own gameplay with goth on in the background and anyone else that's part of my family
hey ! would love to chat! we have 2 new startups here in the area. and
hey adam! salaam here! chris is a good friend of mine. i hope you two can link up. chris, adam &amp; i go way back :)
they are results of trials silly
no, they are not "results of trials", they are media tag-lines written by bloggers.
if you want to follow along with all the amazing shit coming out of , follow
thanks mate! when we will meet for ??
fort myers, fl-- spotted walking through the press pen:
walking or waddling?
indeed, this is an example when somebody blocks you bro
i know thanks
what world city has the best public transit? i'm ready to move. points for: * coverage * vehicle quality * hours * airport service * smell
chicago is okay, but lacks coverage/hours/safety. shanghai is except airport route/night hours. sf i have too much rage to discuss fairly.
the paris agreement is really terrible... what happened?
countries are still signing on, it's a little step.
started the cold cold ground by on the place and wish the flight were longer to keep reading... and i had the last seat
cannot wait! this is going to be great.
fefa that's the kind of rubbish people tweet about brazil. africa isn't a country its a continent. be specific.
she meant the continent, i was surprised too.
tis true, by my most prosperous book, that which we waste is what we most want.
"i wasted time, and now doth time waste me"
i always always get a doublemeat , light o , fried mustard no pickle , extra spread .
mmm, that's gonna be my burger at work tomorrow!
my phone is blowing up after yesterday's game. no ones actually calling, it's just my galaxy note 7.
how long was this saved in your drafts
you think you can predict all the possible problems in business but lagos is always one step ahead of you.
cause lagos is bigger than any one man's. problem
aye bro happy birthday
thank you bro
i'll wave to you on the tube on sunday. hope all is well
you, too, kevin. good trip for you and john. seattle in sept. is awesome.
former nypd detective bo dietl blasts politically correct profiling
it is called intelligence and common sense..
how often? and how often was the water changed?
it depends on one's class, but many bathed daily, and water was changed often as they had indoor plumbing in the bath houses.
here's a human-generated congrats. please let me know if you have any tips!
thanks! tips? be yourself and never tweet after the 2nd beer. that's all i got.
helping my little brother text a girl he likes and he has so much to learn
yep so much to learn
dear colour pop, my skin color is not a "typo"
the yikes and dume aren't so hot titles, either
i wonder if my add, dyslexia, adhd and synesthesia cancel out one another?
pls let me know if you work it out...
we gave up dilson for a mental case?!
to be fair, he's saying it's similar to one he gave walker right before he got hot. and who knows, it could work.
yes no point to risk it
what if a stat correction gives a guy on his team 2 points?
no, they are not "results of trials", they are media tag-lines written by bloggers.
she didn't 'rape' him, thus your blog is wrong. she was convicted of sexually-assaulting the man.
for a campaign trying to contrast with hillary on ethics, it's no longer clear christie can do the sunday shows
oh he'll just "stretch the truth" and the media types will allow it.
i have an extremely steady hand.
yeah i wondered about that too!
it would be x-files season 10 csm. (credit: )
i feel like mulder in that picture lol
dear , this is not bacon, no matter what you think
i agree sir that is not bacon! that sir is a pig and i am pretty sure you are not allowed near them per court order
does maddie ziegler go to school or does she just go to sia's house?
driven there, figuratively and literally, by abby lee
no, they are not "results of trials", they are media tag-lines written by bloggers.
a blogger can conclude whatever they want in a tag-line, even if it's not true.
went horseback riding to the back of my property today!
wow. now that's a backyard ! justbeautiful
white chocolate toblerone pieces
i'm not sure they'll have that here but i'll get it if they do.
right, because mean tweets are far deadlier than ieds in garbage cans.
thats because you are a moron and don't care about anyone else's life.
happy birthday nic!! 365 more days for you i'm so jealous
thank you tar i literally cannot wait!
. is this tonight how much
yes is tonight, $50 per bag.
bernie sanders is likely the most popular politician in america
anotger sell out for hillary's stolen cash
for the record i was a block away from and the media's portrayal vs. reality is shocking and discrediting to new yorkers
the response from the city and people in the area was composed and not panicked v diff than the fear mongering u see in the news
why is trump not polling 16% ? americans short-term memory ?
who the hell knows? some people are blaming it on msm bias.
cody vs. brady week 5. dream game is happening.
brady vs. kessler vs. this will be one for the ages.
hacked by ur girlfriend love you so much baby mine forever no one can ever take you away from mecant wait to marry you
stop playing on my fucking account
be kind whenever possible. it is always possible. dalai lama
happy monday!
it's okay, the actual story is he's afraid of getting owned by me for the millionth time
mirah are you tweeting at someone on this thread? whoever it is, i've them muted
new scene with
you finally got the long englishman dani, i sense that mandingo is next
if u want to fights for blacks do something noble and join blm
michael, how do i join? my friends matter.all of them. my friends are like family
parasite pandering... anything for a vote real deal
hilarity on the prowl for votes. hot source and black face.
right before you left for nyc right ? would have never known if you didn't mention it
yeah! it was actually the reason i moved up here. came here w nothing but a few pairs of shorts and shirts lol
"blair waldorf must pie" is not nearly high enough, which is to say number one, this list is invalid
victor victrola is up there tho and that one kicks ass
((i mean why would the greens not take a small step?))
oh: because petulant children want it all now or they want it all to burn?
a blogger can conclude whatever they want in a tag-line, even if it's not true.
we saw it in the brock turner case where bloggers falsely claimed that turner "raped" the female.
thanks so much adriano!! appreciate that. getting closer to hockey. can't wait. hope your day was good.
yeah super excited for the season! i had a good start to the week, thank you for asking skyler. enjoy your evening and week
now we can't talk about her on here
aww fuck no more shit talking behind her back
point us to the lie.
you're right... do be worse at games. i do care
damn it wade stop being a dickwad! i will hurt you!!
experiment: ask the people you know who plan to vote for trump if they're aware he's a bigot/misogynist. if they excuse it, they approve it.
i know lotsa people.the only one for him is a nice guy but a racist. white no college bigot. wants change. but...
tell me about it lol. i'm more so disgusted than upset
yoooo shes a shit!!!!!!!
worship &amp; devour
you sorta look like alexis texas in this pic
monday () @ new york, new york
thanks for the retweet! :)
what was it called before that? was italian or had italian styled interior?
not sure what preceded it in either space to be honest. it was in that spot on 8th ave for quite some time before moving.
thinks he can play the game right but i'm already ahead of the game
yeah he want to take you as a joke, you're an expert at the game .
just brutally burned myself, freudian slip-style: typed my name as "judgy berman." touch, subconscious.
i might have referred to "cuck e. cheese" in an email earlier today, which is a restaurant i do not want to go to
trump puts out new statement:
"i will bring an end to these senseless acts of violence." how? who is dumb enough to believe such a ridiculous claim?
sniffing permanent markers. explains a lot. oops, that was six words, not five.
yeaa!!! the besttt
please shut up. don't act like your race is free of violence. but let someone say the same thing about a caucasian and it's ww3
go to hell pig muslim supporter. i have a right to speak &amp; u nor anyone else can tell me to shut up. free speech asshole.
jason garrett has always been the mediocre coach of a mediocre team playing not to lose. but sunday's onside sent new message. going for it!
maybe garrett has a qb he believes in. finally.
and should keep massacre and killing innocent ppl, should form a terror zone in turkish border??? r u insane or we ??
pkk needs to halt attacks 2; only peace talks will work, erdogan can't kill every rebel as increasing # of innocents will die
the stoners are even more fascist than trump people
bad weed, apparently
i'll have some paul smith london after shave if you can find it lad?
i'll have a look.
this all ends w/ sac getting nothing for gay and boogie in the next 2 years, doesn't it
"ranadive takes an active role in kings' player personnel decisions"....so yeah probably.
i'm too old for that shit. gimme blow
who goes to the desert and does blow? u need mushrooms to commune with nature.
. i feel bad about is the kids that get abused &amp; die because people are focused on the wrong topic.
ray, even if you throw everything out as hearsay, you still have most powerful man at psu admitting he didn't do enough
started the cold cold ground by on the place and wish the flight were longer to keep reading... and i had the last seat
great irish writer about the troubles. love his work.
your rite. their is nothing two sea hear.
jeez and that's a guy from the place that invented english.
experiment: ask the people you know who plan to vote for trump if they're aware he's a bigot/misogynist. if they excuse it, they approve it.
have friend who has friend who is mba exec and he is for him. we r stumped as to why. and that's all i know for him.
instead of criticizing erdogan i would make sure your own netanyahu is first tried as war criminal at the hague icc
is certainly not 'my own' even though he claims to represent all jews; leaders like he &amp; are hopelessly corrupt
explain. how so?
because it makes absolutely no sense to just abstain when so much is at stake. a supreme court seat is up for grabs.
jones was never defeated though
he broke laws and violated contract. he's the ultimate fuck up.
holy shit is that in nyc? lol
yeah it's like 26th and 8th
what is the saying?
latest from at summit per
i would use this except there's no way i'm waking up at 5:30 every day i don't work
exactly my problems. my shifts also change time every day, so i have no consistency, unless i decided to wake up at 6:45 every day
"if you're a widow..." is a statement that comes across as universal fact. it simply isn't true for most countries in africa.
ok, my bad, i had no idea about it and was quite surprised.
the left is officially in the panic room: via
: the left should turn to the right and learn what it is to be american.
congratulations, . you got me to read your article.
i get gas after eating italian food but you don't see me braggin,
i have furthered my life's mission-slamming mike love-and now i will never roam the earth as a ghost via
a noble effort, but did anyone ever think he wasn't?
let me know if there is anything i can do to make it up to you. i would be happy to buy you and your family dinner to apologize
that would be great!
yc puts out all these amazing interviews with founders, entrepreneurs, elon musk, first employees at *, etc.
do you worry about survivorship bias and how that might play into this at all?
yes, globalization is at the heart of all these problems.
globalization needs to end now we have to secure our borders and preserve our jobs. the federation is sci fi
please shut up. don't act like your race is free of violence. but let someone say the same thing about a caucasian and it's ww3
u are a muslim or communist. or maybe ur paid by corrupt hillary campaign. pig. u r sheeple
when you've been drinking all night but are ultimately undone by some secret punch served in little tea cups
i hate you.
what if it was your sister trying to do her job and he was mocking her? would you like it then?
oh plz. niether of my sisters would get sour over a 3-second "mock" gesture when they are too busy reporting on actual news.
three's company! welcome to the arizona fam, shack team:
this is already my fave destination for shopping in az. now you just elevated even higher.
thank you for always thinking of me. wish you a good day &amp; a great week! *mwaah*
you're welcome and thank you, sweet friend! love and kisses to you every day! xoxoxo!
loved it terrance williams' boneheaded decision that ended giants game got him in the dak/linehan doghouse for a wk; zero targets sunday.
why a is allowed to comment on cowboys issues, why don't u worry about ur mancrush marsha?
what's your reaction to the explosions in ny and nj and the stabbings in minnesota?
trump is adding fuel to the fire..if you are only preaching hate and dividing us..you're bring all the fanatics to the surface.
one thing i'll never do is tweet a picture of a menu item with my thumb slightly in frame.
unless it's ladyfingers amirite
who we talking about bro rt : yo you have one more time to @ mention that dude, then i'm unfollowing you shit. just dm him
girl on my tl that i'm unfollowing.
just in: browns' rookie qb cody kessler will start this sunday after josh mccown gets injured. (via )
we saw him play at usc
honestly, do you really think the american people want to put a flower power girl in the oval office? i mean...real...
and you would rather him? what is wrong with you?
seriously, if anyone is gonna parse emotional nuance, its tamaki. no amount of bad lead-in will render that unreadable.
i mean, the best episode of supergirl was the one all about how women aren't allowed to be angry so it could work
wasn't surprised to see that emma thompson had worked on the screenplay. so smart! so many delightful, middle-aged women! cinematic miracle.
ooh i might check it out, then! been thinking about it...
how do i tell one of my good friends that i have feelings for him?
get drunk and blame it on the alcohol, if it goes well then woohoo if it don't then be like whew.. i was drunk
the walking dead is almost back...
we're ready to bring you the premiere of ! tune in tomorrow at 10/9c on nbc!
lookin' good there justin!
better hurry up cuz is gettin cold lol
ima have them in every colors for different appointments
pkk is the urgent one. isis, secondary. but needed to deal with them both abroad.
kurdish conflict is decades old, will continue for many more unless talks resume; isis is immediate threat to turk. security
october &amp; december are going to be lit
when are you coming down to ny??
20. competitive decentralized industries see lots of weird innovation and interesting stuff emerge. hence peak tv.
won't the obvious result be that people go to fewer movies?
this whole camp is full of pathological liars.
just totally indifferent to the truth. they will say anything.
love the bears -3 tn
i will camp in your mentions if the eagles win
the tatted up mexican is your uncle shut up
my uncle got you shook
after midnight this is all i'll get to consume until wednesday afternoon...
good job getting it done though, i haven't been to the doctor in forever
my goal is to find someone to vibe w/to stay up all night to watch the sunset then watch the sunrise on the beach listening to reggae music
beers walks and long talks. just chilling nothing more man.
. i feel bad about is the kids that get abused &amp; die because people are focused on the wrong topic.
they never even asked the name of the 10-year-old in 2001. if that was 10-year-old jay paterno, you think they would?
del zotto to dallas for the rights to nichushkin
shut the fuck up please sir
so proud of my brother on winning his first emmy (he now has just one emmy less than wahlburgers!)
next time patton comes to rochester, i'll personally treat him to the real wahlburger
apologizing to my daughter for the last 15 years of war
our children our born in a vey scary world ! it's our fault as we encourage a culture of war and elect the wrong people
my salt has vanished. my resume is bangin' and i got all 10 credits for my 5 week semester abroad i'm so happy right now
we apparently balance each other out in salt. wax and wane, if you will.
hacking a 3ds is like the most ridiculously involved hacking process for a console i've ever encountered
yeah it's. i mean it's relatively stable now but it's still seriously a pain
if not for the tragedy of shin splints.
for want of an asics gel cup........
will definitely stop by then! any other nyc tips?
about to fly but will send a foursquare list when i land! make sure to grab a coffee at tony's estate, try egg for breakfast
this was right in your hood btw
yeah but you never call or text, so how is anyone to know? you loser
the world is truly puzzled by us right now.
our relations w/the rest of the world &amp; how we are viewed is vital. we cannot survive by isolating ourselves
is just such a personality though &amp; so pretty and rob seems a bit dull!
dont believe everything you see on tv... unless you or other have hung out with him thats not fare to say
responses seem about 70/30 with 70% saying ios 10 is fine and 30% as annoyed as me. will try backup and reset. thanks!
take it to apple store for a check up to rule out hardware issue? that's actually a possibility.
is that what you suffered over the weekend
. that was the dog
hi did anyone send me a barbra streisand record in the mail???? bc i got it today and its the perfect gift i just dont know who sent it
the is the best gift but how did u get my address i am in awe
...though he refused to change even one diaper.
i wonder what his kids really think about him. and how much he is paying them.
two sources confirm meeting w/ivanka trump and paul ryan today in new york. one characterizes as "very positive" talk... (1/2)
is this just a crime family ala the sopranos? this guy has no trusted advisors aside from his kids (&amp; the creepy roger stone)
in honor of , watch samuel l jackson enjoy a tasty burger in 'pulp fiction' (1994).
where the f\'k can i get a kahuna
i don't know how to skype.. facetime or snapchat lol
group chats
please read this and rt you deserve to have the vote to be brought up.
dumped israel to get a donation from their arab muslim neighbors. dump her!
waiting for my monday hugs.............
hugs &amp; blessings. beautiful photo paul
just how often are the press told what to tweet by the candidate? and what is this, russia?
: "can i have a shiny new dime? please?" campaigns: "beg harder."
size 12 pads $1950 shipped invoiced
please retweet
i think the tempo will hurt this team on the road. too many short drives boosts opponents momentum. they'll capitalize like sunday
with a mediocre qb bringing down the offense it's hard to sustain drives can't run against 8 or 9 man fronts and expect success
well, wanted to sterilize the si deer, maybe they didn't know how it's done.
the si deer are being snipped not castrated. they've already started.
for sure bro we could hit up a bar whenever and watch the knicks lose lol jk
lmao fuck you but yeah man, when do you usually take lunch breaks?
i wonder if this means kp3 is deconfirmed...
maybe this actually means it's confirmed since it's the only one that isn't. the other two we know are happening.
hacking a 3ds is like the most ridiculously involved hacking process for a console i've ever encountered
a lot of it is for safety though because with certain steps if something goes wrong you have effectively a pretty paperweight
possible perjury charges() &amp; treason charges()of course they'll stop at nothg 2 debase the only man they fear-
hillary propped up by media
minding my own business, driving my son to practice in whitby...motorcycle pulls up beside us with a topless female passenger.
when the comments are better than the actual tweet
muhammad said it was ok to marry your first cousin - and did so.
genesis 19:36 "so both of lot's daughters became pregnant by their father."
i'm actually going up in december !
ya heard this????!!
watching trump in fl. reminded once again how much sessions/s. miller/bannon have a firm grip over message of a nat'l party.
miller is very good at her job. too good.
when says she's going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free, you know what? that's a very big deal.
. yes bernie, but as she has an aversion to telling the truth, what makes you think she will follow through?
beers walks and long talks. just chilling nothing more man.
nice bonfire. and lots so s'mores and sandwiches
not good enough
....at giving yourself enough love
i feel like you're not the best person to be making that claim
i feel like you're an acid freak
you keep saying this. do you really not understand meaning of "with the benefit of hindsight?"
do you honestly believe that telling an ad, who you could fire, the next morning was enough? really?
which game are you looking forward to the most?
gears4 for me although fh3 is a close 2nd. it looks incredible. bf1 also high on my list
: "pam bondi? never heard of her"
liar, liar, liar. next, trump will say that it's an impersonator in this photo hired by hillary.
he screamed to his fans "hillary clinton is a bigot" i have no words to describe the top deplorable. he is making us hate &amp; fear
he doesn't have an original thought in his fat body.
photo: fried rat head allegedly found in popeyes fried chicken order
i love you and that's why i want you to stay away from those fast food joints juelz
i don't hurt myself just getting into my car. it's me doing any activity
this is very accurate. her landings during cheer were
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
yep!! and democrats wouldn't say it was terrorism! idiots!!
obama just did the unthinkable for 858 immigrants with 'security concerns'
people who don't want to charge potus and appointees with treason are treasonous themselves
its pointless to bring up my age when citches still gon succ my dicc
that doesnt go with your tweet but okay
join me &amp; follow my (let me know your username &amp; i'll follow you too!) - share yours now!
when my app store decides to work.. i'll be there
you keep saying this. do you really not understand meaning of "with the benefit of hindsight?"
to believe what you believe, you would have to discount multiple testimonies by sandusky victims.
logically it makes perfect sense. i don't like either choice so i choose neither.
then don't have shit to say regarding the state of this nation if trump is elected.
, we really have people this stupid in media? wait that's a stupid question.
"we're lucky the great whites use teeth instead of f-18s."
i think everyone did scrolling through these posts
i saw a few who scored higher
2:39 hi david!
wow! you must work in entertainment!
where did you ride these past few days? upgrade your weekend with a felt decree.
flume trail tahoe!
happiest of birthdays to this total lege
i love this photo thank you for a lovely morning! xxx
it is not the kurdish issue that is tried to 'solve' militarily. it is the pkk, challenge the legitimate authority of state!
1 can't be isolated from other, pkk responding to perceived injustices; erdogan is better off negotiating w/ kurds as a whole
your uncle sells churros on the 7 train
you're fathers the conductor of the long island railroad
how exactly do you vett someone 's ideology? trump uses terms that are meaningless.
that's because he is only speaking to his mindless minions who treat his babbling a like gospel
hey, hey, hey. you're the one who said they didn't like it crispy. that's the definition of "not bacon"
no this is the ideal bacon body. you may not like but this what peak crispness looks like!
go down to the school and punch or bribe the coach.
that was my initial instinct. punch, not bribe, lacrosse is $500...apparently isn't wanted.
a person who values you, wouldn't ever put themselves in a position to lose you
you're getting so deep i love it
i got 14%. i'm part of the mini-gen between gen x and the millennials... definitely identify more with gen x.
i got 23%. i was born in early 1983 and don't really identify with most millennials.
re: the 1st blog,
"police launched investigation that netted a sex video the couple made at a holiday inn express"
terry collins says today's lineup is "all about" giving jay bruce a mental health day. that's his second such day since joining the .
sorry to say, but he needs a mental health week!
visit oracle certification experts! otn lounge coffee demo at moscone south. java hub coffee demo.
where? i'm working the lounge and your customers are here yet no one from your team...
also why the fuck would he ask the kid and not the fucking parents who are most likely o negative if they gave brith to two o neg kids
o neg blood is high in demand but extremely hard to find, esp. at smaller hospitals
the team is going to be joining in the campaign-watch for more information!
happy monday! checking the hashtag looking for inspiration and there you are!
oh no. we've become a 'special offer'.
better than just an offer
every time i open my messages app it shows me this until it crashes
this has happened to me quite a few times, literally need to reset your settings and restore from icloud
you finished school?
yeah i graduated this year
"police launched investigation that netted a sex video the couple made at a holiday inn express"
1. they were 'a couple', ergo the notion of 'rape' is moot.
2nd try: happy bday hope its wonderful
thank you lovely xxx
an undefeated ultimate fuck up.
rondas dana's little media grabber. she's gonna get what she wants. people need to deal imo. she's a pioneer of women's mma
mrs. funny you accuse of giving comfort to our enemies. ...
president obama and ag loretta lynch did...
only chance to act was previous night when mcqueary was in lockerroom. p&amp;p forbids jvp from doing own inv.
please don't make this a "protocol" thing. imagine the 10-year-old were jay paterno. did he do enough?
thanks scarlett, hope you're having a good time at nyu
love it so so much you're always welcome to visit!!!!!
it sure does fly by! we hope you have an amazing senior year! ^rm
thank you staples, i will be succeeding with the help of your school supplies
i can help, what do you need?
need to reach locallytics analyst
the 30th! i am also anxious. things move quick here but i could have been looking the past 5 days!!! i'm so pissed
trying to decide if i wanna be like, fuck you i'll find another place or if i should look again &amp; wait to see what she says
1. they were 'a couple', ergo the notion of 'rape' is moot.
2. alleged rape-victims don't make sex-tapes with their alleged-rapists.
trump camp accuses clinton of accusing him of treason. re:
umm...we had an agreement that bush made....hello?
what did you read this weekend?
i am reading your platform by i already suggested the book to a number of aspirations !
macdonald for nichushkin
macdonald for mcdonald
how do people like cold brew? it tastes like dirt
starbucks cold brew does... try wholefoods its bomb
the famous balcony of romeo and juliet in verona, italy.
i love that history
liberal foreign policy: end combat ops against genocidal terrorists, then do new york photo ops about their victims.
- i respect you as an mp but would prefer you end your time in a more civil and positive tone - we have differences enjoy your week
movies have taught me that as a woman i'm not really a success until i've cried in a fancy bathtub.
if you'd started fucking yr friend's dads at a young age like some of us go-getters, this important to-do woulda been handled
there is no single person, party, people or state that is prepared to do it all. this is about purity
yes i think so but where does that demand come from?
i know i just bought the book and i finished it in like an hour i'm in love
i love the one that's like "other women's bodies are not our battlegrounds" or something along those lines
some dude was a just at the stand thanking people for driving american
lmao sounds like ur in flint michigan in 1987
google trips is a killer travel app for the modern tourist
is great for travelers! not traveling? with urbanbird
that is funny since pastor mark's entire website proved to be fraudulent and filled with lies. he's a conman.
i guess you have never made any mistakes roy-i subscribe to message of love and tolerance. have a good day
he wouldn't have worked there long if he hadn't done anything.
lol serious cause like congress and the senate don t keep getting elected
dr. guskey, looking forward to learning from you tomorrow at the berks iu! cc:
glad you two will finally meet! tom is one of my all time favorite presenters. his depth of knowledge is amazing!
newt gingrich just said clinton doesn't do press conferences. she's done several over the past few weeks - trump's last presser was july 27.
that's what you guys are good at deflecting. answering 3 to 8 softball questions is not a press conference. get real!!!
wow! my job called me earlier to help them spell wand....what kinda shit they on.
a group a grown men with smart phones couldn't spell wand.....i need a new job.
daryl. smh are all these key players legitimately in jeopardy of not playing? decker/bmarshall/enunwa-all the wrs. &amp;carpenter?
daryl theyre done if marshal n decker r both out. 1 they can handle not both
cos all that jfk talk just makes you think, "did you people have eyes? or was everyone in that era really ugly, which skewed responses?"
everyone was just drunk all the time back then. it was the 60s.
dogg jym got all these new flavors wtffff
gonna have to try that soon
i know i just bought the book and i finished it in like an hour i'm in love
it just is so relatable (hashtag relatable) and i adore it i'm glad you like it as well
why do you keep pretending joe paterno didn't also report to head of police and report went outside the u?
i'm not into people more interested in preserving joepa's legacy than helping adult survivors. gd luck
do yall consider the royals to be a missouri team or a kansas team? poll below
i voted kansas because even though kc is in missuori, it still says kansas
ramos over pique and hummels over boateng and let me not start about kroos and iniesta
messi killed boateng 2 years ago
i can't stop being sloppy sns
hahahahha is that leila or louie in the back
i don't know if i could survive a t/p administration. i don't know if a lot of the folks i care about could, either.
i could not. i know it for sure
the u.s. military is the largest polluter in the world, and the largest single driver of climate change.
i used to report on mil. pollution from the cold war and the amount of it was staggering. areas lost forever due to it.
howwwww do people want to be married so bad that they will put up with this
i know someone this dude can call when his fiance dumps him for being a total prick
i truly wonder if is gonna write a response or something to any of this
is he the new source overtaking ?????
rising attacks on u.s. soil - clinton in denial, obama does little. joins me 7pm
neither obama nor clinton care about america's safety! open borders! ugh
ranked 8th most corrupt police force in nation
only 8th??????
this is a pretty good question.
the banksters will b last "pinching themselves" wake up boys, wake up. there's a door full of torches &amp; pitchforks, tarry not.
. my prediction tools stopped working this year, so i'll just say i suspect the rules will still apply to conventional campaigns
that seems a defensible thesis. obviously, lots of idiosyncratic variables are work here
2. alleged rape-victims don't make sex-tapes with their alleged-rapists.
3. the entire notion of "a crime" is predicated upon the male teen being 15yrs old.
thanks for sharing, how do you finds the session
great session (hence the long line of people wanting to talk with you afterwards!)
i'm not sure! melanie knows all the details :)
yes @ the clay
the flexxx and ya boi dukes podcast about 90s and early 00s hip hop?
that sounds like a no brainer!
ugh! take care of yourself. better to miss a day and get better than to push it and miss a week.
thank you!! and you're right but it gets annoying when the curriculum goes by so fast and even a day is too much
let's talk about how i left my research paper for last minute i had to write 45 pages and did it within a week &amp; half. did 50 pages...
i remember this lmaooooo
srsly? fuck a monkey hook! this shit ain't working.....nd if it's the walls in this house then fuck them too
i'm tryna hang my favorite paintings in my new home and the world isn't workin with me whhhhyyy
you gotta go back and turn shit up
imaoo i need a smooth 100 and a new 5 dollar box
i have data on iphone 7 first weekend - emailing you now
i need someone to explain on phone -- i have data. thanks.
in an earlier article, the same author saw fit to recommend $seas as a "bond replacement." we're talking about a...
the dividend yield reminds me of hanley ramirez.
as the article states, both trademarks inhabit two very different markets. this shouldn't be a big issue. also, ww'...
i mean the wonder woman logo isn't functionally different from any previous version
"he's only asking a legitimate question! like... why didn't we deny him citizenship as a kid?"
you'll never hear trump question what radicalized white domestic terrorists-doesn't fit his agenda ...
islam's greatest ally is political correctness. its greatest enemy is truth.
you lied about our president to promote your racist agenda....fuck you
i'm haven't seen more discussion of this, and i fully expect there to be repercussion across the board in academia.
wow. seeing here first. do you think is this only a problem in activism heavy states like ca? of course, a11y probs need to solve
i blame my grandma for never letting me watch her in the kitchen and my exes for never making me have to cook
feel like cooking duties have been taking a shift from females to males as of late
3. the entire notion of "a crime" is predicated upon the male teen being 15yrs old.
4. the crime itself is not 'rape', but merely unlawful underage sex since he wasn't yet 16yrs old
strange.....that's not how freedom works at all.
nobody said anything about your freedom. but don't have the opp. to do one thing &amp; then complain about the result when you don't
when will this interview be up on your site please?
here's the link: enjoy.
remember had no clue about nuclear triad....imagine this idiot with codes.
remember, trump knows more than the generals: isis, nuclear triad, russia, etc
wow, that's awesome! do you take an aerobic class or do it solo?
solo... 21dayfix
in fact no. you r the confused one
nader cost the democrats the election. one man and his ego.
thoughts on a porcello richard pairing in gpp tonight?
like it. think both have the chance for a good game and at low ownership
"hillary clinton talks tougher about my supporters than she does islamic terror," trump in fort myers. "deplorable and irredeemable."
talk is cheap. actually worthless when it comes to donald trump. his words mean nothing!
everyone with my notifications on wasn't expecting me to go on a tweet spree sorry guys
idk how you can find so many things to retweet so fast, your tl dumb lit
rip rocky. i hope i was as good an owner as you were a pet
:( condolences bro. dude looked awesome
we will defeat radical islamic terrorism!
rather have isis than trump....trump is a desease
look, i don't make the rules. don't get mad at me because you're not living right
no sir i think you did make the rules up just because you get off and ruling with an iron fists!
i hate the fact that i get sick once or twice a year, but when it does happen, i'm on my death bed smfh.
i'm the same, feel invincible all year until that week or two of "what the fuck did i catch"
4. the crime itself is not 'rape', but merely unlawful underage sex since he wasn't yet 16yrs old
the age of consent in the us is 16yrs old, ergo, if he was only 15, it is illegal by default.
but they can choose to not throw her a vote because of it ;) if thats the speech shes using, its beyond laughable a...
most will look past it because theyre desperate for a female winner.
technical malfunction. we apologize. move to the star had issues. should b good from here on-thanks for listening
got it, i thought it was a cruel joke, yanked during the 4th down incomplete pass :) thanks 4 the quick reply, best of luck
well, i'm not really color blind. i have poor color perception. i see colors. those who can't see gray--blk &amp; white.
i read on twitter someone posted that when they see a red apple it looks green to them. like that? thanks tony.
says the one who broke her arm falling from a prep
hey that bitch pulled me down with her while her damn stunt was falling
the best is when everyone's crowded around waiting but nobody in the front pressed the button
lmfaoooo i'm dead that's the worst, standing there for 10 minutes
stop telling me to get over it and that i stay in the past when the situation i went through scarred me
"you stay in the past" "you stay in high school" um did this situation happen to me or you?don't tell me how i should react/cope with things
they maybe biased and following coleman's recent lead iwobi doing a good ramsey impression currently
i don't think iwobi provides the same defense cover for bellerin. but he can grow into that. not sure rambos pos with afc
is saved the only project that mandy moore lives
there is one where she plays the president's daughter
it's dead not hot enough for rain boots, y'all are buggin'
it's not raining either
hey anyone know of other world language teachers out here on the twittersphere?
why yes!!! at your service!! also check
breaking!! new poll shows black voters are waking up &amp; turning away from hill... by via
finally after over 50 yrs of lies
the age of consent in the us is 16yrs old, ergo, if he was only 15, it is illegal by default.
it was illegal despite the sex acts themselves being inherently consensual.
then, why aren't you capitalizing the term "veterans" out of respect?
i didn't know. thanks for info!
.: we want to make sure we are admitting people who love our country and our people.
if that's the criteria, how the hell has trump managed to stay in the country?
reply to this tweet and if i like your reply to this tweet it means that you're one of the people that i'm thinking of rewarding
what's up i hope your day is going well, and stay safe.
i don't know, what if i'm allergic to hand engineered rice? (jokes aside, i'll prolly get an inexpensive one too
you better hope those pretrained models will transfer better to brazilian rice.
nice moves by danny woodhead
out for the season with a torn acl :-(
. will make sure that we only admit people who uphold our values &amp; love our country.
gw bush created the refugees,,,,we should fix bushs mistakes
seafood in general is mostly trash. ive never had crab though. cant speak on that
truth. crab is bomb tho, you gotta try it
we're at the start of a new week, happy monday everyone! i hope your day is great &amp; your week is wonderful.
beautiful photo dear jeanette. have a wonderful monday
this is the year of pulling ever more angry white voters out of thin air.
my browser now replaces "white voters" with "racists" and articles make perfect sense.
nothing "low energy" about this. i feel secure.
that's okay. ,career intern,hillary's eye candy&amp;muslim brotherhood plant can run things.
bts gallery of fun with and coming tonight!
nothing dreamier than giving and getting pleasure (mmmm)
float house vacation. outdoor baths and all.
queen of floating!!!
"sort this out" is the trump campaign's half-assed way of yada-yada-ing their way through massive policy contradict...
"i'm gonna get people to do the actual work" has always been his pitch.
i'm fine. thanks. i just keep my distance from those fools
i'm glad to hear that. you are soooooooo above that kind of stuff it isn't even funny.
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
more than 150,000,000 firearm owners in the us...if two thirds vote for this election is a wrap!
...i mean...what the heck am i writing...and what language is that!?!
sometimes, jsx + es6 really makes you wonder.
filming for the fcpa blog today in new york with re and !,
great discussion today with on what does it mean to a &amp; program ?
steven miller... or stephen
lol, i got confused.
5. dying alone 4. puking on the subway 3. bike messenger collision 2. pushed on tracks 1. dying not alone
5. another tween convo 4. leaving my apartment 3. children 2. torts coaching team usa 1. torts as pens coach
no way in hell is this the picture of our next president!
wait r you telling me that people r actually voting for that all serious intelligent people are voting trump. they are leftovers.
fuck them then. just back your son with whatever comes along. no other lacrosse teams local?
no its a town thing. time to steer him towards football or basketball.
eh didn't really torch him. he did have a touchdown tho. but truthfully, they both should've been ejected by halftime
you're right but for normans standards, not good and obj dropped a td that game too, but that's on him. but you're damn right
bomb suspect sued cops claiming he was persecuted for being muslim via hillary world -- open borders
yeah!! this idiot was a 'citizen' from afghanistan! how many more are here and how many more will the govt let in?
it was illegal despite the sex acts themselves being inherently consensual.
a the 15yr old male teen did consent to sex with the woman, ergo it logically cannot be 'rape'.
does anyone else have a favorite spoon?
yeah it's plastic tho and i probably have all the plastic poisonings from using it so much
can i get you a bud lite to help you deal with the realization you're wrong? maybe a tofu burger?
how about a fucken whiskey you sissy dog. i don't drink anything but hard liquor.
glad i drafted danny woodhead in both my fantasy leagues
he fucked me in one of my leagues too this blows
eh didn't really torch him. he did have a touchdown tho. but truthfully, they both should've been ejected by halftime
looking forward to the matchup though
. begins fl rally by thanking "our incredible law enforcement officers, who don't get the credit they deserve."
police kill a lot more americans than isis,,,,
i love this performance so much
the guitar play is so sweet with her voice :)
.: "these attacks were made possible because of our extremely open immigration system."
he came in the 80's ..you need to blame reagan...
this faces where we were. you can see they're very used to the lane space being theirs.
it makes me so mad that uses dashed lines near intersections signals to drivers this is ok.
despite the sign at this hillary rally i see no love. no enthusiasm. just boredom and desperation.
they are genetically angry haters lol
happy birthday ! hope it's a good one
thank you
totally skipping my night class
lol same fuck this
i got exactly 50% on this "what % millennial stereotype are you?" which is pretty spot-on:
i also got exactly 50%, now i wonder if it just always says 50%?
i should be fine by wednesday or thursday but it's just like daaaaamn, i feel like an absolute trashcan right now.
at least you know after this you've got quite a few months of being good, i don't understand how i get away with it myself
reach out to and re personal data as ip discussions
thanks! i've been so swamped today i almost forgot. please check your mail.
you miss my point. they own team for 2 weeks yet they've been in loop for 2yrs, knowing limits of bc upgrades. stupid or foolish?
it's still profitable to own the team regardless of where they play - barclays is imperfect, due diligence being done.
i had a cat who used to bite the wires! pulled the pins out too and chewed the cables on my circs!
oh! biting of wires and pins would make me nervous.
it was illegal despite the sex acts themselves being inherently consensual.
the 15yr old male teen did consent to sex with the woman, ergo it logically cannot be 'rape'.
i don't get it. it's... just a pascal string?
a clear text-serializable pascal string
guy who is but isnt an employee leaked important data to make a pivot. and yes, he cheated.
or guy who realizes he needed more upside to win took the higher upside play. how would he have known who to use?
stop assuming you have no idea how this all happened.
don't matter we all human and don't like being disturbed while eating dick head
now i'm seeing just the carts on ebay auctioning for $175?
yuuuuup. this is all within the last 12 months or so.
my latest thoughts on nycfc
i thot would b perfect at cdm and he was ok at the beginning but every time he plays he gets a card
"you stay in the past" "you stay in high school" um did this situation happen to me or you?don't tell me how i should react/cope with things
i guess talking about what happened to me means i stay in the past? lmao peoples judgements are wrong
all my friends are getting married and having kids. meanwhile, i'm like, "damn, that's a pretty good price for a futon."
omg legit my friend goes to a wedding every weekend meanwhile i'm like "$70 for this vinyl, what a bargain!"
i love staring at my daughter, i can stare at her all day..
congratulations! she's sooo precious !!
. now then, i will show you my version of a justly operable open heart
the proverbial shit hits the proverbial fan at 9 a.m.
trump says america should profile suspicious people. but who is he talking about? is on the factor tonight -bo'r
minnesota parents that are supporting these uncivilized immigrants should be investigated for child abuse ?
hey bert, i didn't see you either? hopefully catch you around soon! what time is your talk?
tomorrow 5:30 in hilton yosemite a/b/c. you might like '15 ways to fail at devops on wednesday too:
absolutely! but there are also huge pop'ns that can vote, but choose not to. especially locally -
agree. wonder what it would be like if locals had a roll in cultivating viable candidates? does this successfully
the 15yr old male teen did consent to sex with the woman, ergo it logically cannot be 'rape'.
rape is an act of sexual intercourse that is against a person's will and/or without consent.
sometimes the bad times in our life put us on a direct path to the very best things in our life.
beautiful dear friend. have a lovely week
is this taking it too far??? lol
no its great!
new level of a relationship: discussing the love/hate relationship of
bae hates him and i'm team .
now i'm seeing just the carts on ebay auctioning for $175?
i can't talk because i just started rebuilding my collection in the same time period but goddamn
guy who is but isnt an employee leaked important data to make a pivot. and yes, he cheated.
did someone tell him from the future that diggs was gonna go off? think before you type people
the 2 ideas are not mutually exclusive....i do not have to choose a shitty candidate to have an opinion.
so do what you wanna do. and be prepared for the possible consequences. that is all. good day.
the only guy that has remained loyal to the princess is the short white hair guy! the rest turned or died!
technically, lin setsu a and shou fu kan still haven't turned. they still want the sword returned.
at least you know after this you've got quite a few months of being good, i don't understand how i get away with it myself
literally spent 3 weeks straight working late handling multiple fairly large public events and nada
this is the annual reminder that i did a whole talk on memory management as a pirate :
i posted this same link, before i knew that you did the same. so, arrrgh me had a ta to it, aye!
;_; thanks for being a great neighbor! so many cool stories and convinced me to watch osomatsu-san :d
i was so happy to meet you too and finally get my lux keychain hope you get the matching glasses soon!! :d
lol not me tho i hope
lol no never you!
thousands of people flood the streets of berlin for the march for life to protest abortion
they marched by their gas ovens
can't wait to talk more about these things at the farm! please come to pasu our pamilya needs you
yes, so excited!
if you had played the civilization series you would know that gandhi always has the highest prob of using nukes smh
bull shit. cesar always lets them loose.
are you going on record stating you believe 1976 claimant told joe paterno -- and only joe, for 40 years?
i'm going on record saying your obsession with exonerating your school doesn't help .
rape is an act of sexual intercourse that is against a person's will and/or without consent.
the sex that the 36yr old woman had w/ the 15yr old teen was not "against his will". he consented
5. sidewalk grate collapse 6. falling air conditioner 7. friend in an improv troupe 8. neighbor has bedbugs 9. getting back from ewr
going home drunk to discover large roaches or a rat have come in through your first story apartment window
shocking. prosecutor in bridgegate trial: chris christie knew of closures
omg, that lying sob. of course he knew dear!
what days? let's figure this out
englewood. nov 9 at the bergen performing arts center. it's her "hits tour" so i think it's more of an intimate setting
always welcome a new day......with a smile on ur lips..love in ur heart..and good thoughts in ur mind
thank you for being so amazing. hugs
happy birthday!!!!
thank you i appreciate it
she was trying to read it off me because she lived in japan before and since couldn't read the last word she asked me :/
thats what you get
this sounds like a real story
nah i just like to load as many colorful implications into tweets as possible. (none of my friend-dad lovers had fancy tubs.)
on god i just saw a guy put a dip in and sub sequently spark a cigarette
me and heber used to watch nate do this while driving. more often than not there was a fresh beer in the cup holder too
hey everybody ... my record just went number 1 on urban radio too ... so now i'm number 1 in pop and urban radio @ the same damn time
i just love that song keep doing ur thing... i will have a bad day and all i'll have to do is listen to that song makes me
what do you do when a candidates portfolio is really bad but you really need somebody to fill a position.
don't hire &amp; keep looking. if they're bad they will probably drain existing resources &amp; then need to be fired
the episode is all about a 50 year old woman dating a 25 year old actor in ny and trying to become a singer
and her horrible son and "friends" from cleveland are trying to force her to move back to ohio and live alone &amp; loveless till she dies
i love how interacts with clients. i binge watched all the web episodes.
too funny. we did too
considering sierra has only like four new user features, losing one of them entirely is a bit annoying
don't worry, auto unlock is terrible
yes eventually
at least personally, i rarely go anymore.
update: ny/nj suspect to be charged on 5 counts of attempted murder, 2 gun charges, acc. to law enforcement officials, reuters
he was not alone...
16 years of this iconic album.
number4 36 34 36 choose the willie price eat the snack
bill clinton admits: some gave to clinton foundation for favors
that old sleaze. i hope he chokes on his cialis.
i can't talk because i just started rebuilding my collection in the same time period but goddamn
there are semi-rare working fds games i'm seeing for cheaper than common nes ones lately
i'll be streaming at 9pmest tonight as always, and we can chat about roi until our faces bleed. i'll be doing 1v1 against all challengers.
wanna 1v1 in a tres leches comp. at the doughnut plant?
newly single, (lol carrie bradshaw tweet), dating and depression is a whole minefield of itself for women, isn't it. i will gender it.
it feels almost impossible to be accepted - even with men, and moc, with depression- for your mh as we are with theirs.
is the assassin specialist seriously ezio?
oh wait, the assassin teacher is the elf. alright, i'll see what three-eyes has to offer.
gingrich saying clinton doesn't hold pressers. she has taken questions 6 times in 3 weeks. trump hasn't held presser since july.
her own press corp doesn't count until they ask why it was ok 4 's foreign donors but not
is he any good at auctions..?!
well he sold london to 200+ nyers!
the sex that the 36yr old woman had w/ the 15yr old teen was not "against his will". he consented
basically, if she had waited a few months until the boy turned 16, there would have been no crime
qq about kronos: have you tested out the effect on battery life? mostly worried about all the extra network calls happening
it definitely sounds like an interesting and elegant solution to clock skews on phone and we're looking into fixing it too at foursquare
i wanna tell my parents about me being twitter famous but i'm scared to tell them why lol
how are you alive
for the record i feel that would be a mistake!!
you might be right because you won't get much but 3 goalies don't work.
you know who wakes up and says "i want to debate rape culture with a teenager i don't know?" not me.
does that guy even follow you? or is he one of those people who uses twitter search to pick fights?
here's one from ! :)
thanks so much!
i'm gonna swing by the expo at lunch, and will be at jcp party tonight and partyone tmrw. hopefully catch up soon!
so i'll see you tonight at the party! i'll see you at the ignites for sure ;-)
tom brady has 2 mvp awards
tweet is gone. what was it? and who tweeted it?
these boots were made for walking, these boots are made fucking all over the gorgeous
what up with the alexis texas look, the knee pad and the timberlands
idk why it deleted the words but should i get this its $50 this is the only raincoat i can find
ok u guys peer pressured me i got it plus its reversible
what's that?
it's a halloween festival in socal
"the best new music of the week " by
neat! curiously - where else (non-moments) is there to consume this?
my daughter caught her second moose! meat for the winter has been provided. who says girls can't hunt!?
that moose is huge as fuck bro lol
as a rule never date anyone with more than 1,000 twitter followers
running into a tinder date you lied to saying you moved
not worth anyone's time, an egg with 30 followers
i muted her.
how come "oh yeah. sorry" is never the way it plays out. you don't even have to agree but like... that just ends the conflict
what i don't get is how someone can joke about it but then be ever so bothered when asked to stop. hummm..
god made mothers... because he could not be everywhere...
beautiful words with a perfect photograph
there ain't no jsx in that one!
honestly i could've sworn there was; i'm seeing ghosts from my own codebase but point remains: noob-friendly the syntax is not.
i like bars where people keep to themselves. not here to make friends. im here to feel bad about myself
isn't this where we picked up a 6 pack and you told me to wait in the car? lol
i've been off social media a lot. didn't know all that. congrats!
thanks! it's been great but i'm realizing i haven't updated much of my online stuff to reflect the changes.
taking quotes out of context. you should be better than that, mike.
thanks ray the website is . jay p. met w/ them and promised support, but he and family reneged for some reason.
the only thing dropping today is gonna be ur body 6ft under ground if u continue w these lies
give me a few hours. your fans will be thanking me.
debate would be between repair (long rehab, better long term) and meniscectomy (quick rehab, no cushion.)
can you do the quicker one now and then full repair after season?
absolutely! but there are also huge pop'ns that can vote, but choose not to. especially locally -
for me, apathy=lack of an expectation of a reasonable outcome. current pres race great example of a lose lose on this.
f*ck cats &amp; everything they stand for. yes, i'm upset
i'm sorry they peed on your shoes.
that makes you the best moderator ever hahaha
"you talking shit? banned!" "that was something wildly inappropriate. consider yourself banned." the power was too great.
do you get to wear the crop top and the skirt?
that's what i'm hoping for
fascinating in part because woolsey seems to have no coherent explanation for his preference. is there a part ii?
nope that's what i got.
the episode of reminds me of older episodes of when there were more hosts all debating hip hop
i enjoyed it. one on one interviews are cool. debating hip hop theory with a crew is cool too
thankfully my battery has been doing well, but i know it'll be annoying soon
if i was going home after work it would be fine, but i'm not.
srsly? fuck a monkey hook! this shit ain't working.....nd if it's the walls in this house then fuck them too
i'm jus tryna hang my favorite paintings in this new home and the world isn't workin with me whhhhyyy
fantastic. add "sodomy" to the list of words to which you don't know the definition.
sodomy is penile penetration of the anus.
as a rule never date anyone with more than 1,000 twitter followers
running into your ex when you're sick and look like shit and their new s/o is with them
actually we are majority brexit, and majority trump. liberal ways have led to terrorism and economic collapse.
not in the us. m
thank you to negative commenters who simply fuel my fire. i'll see the world and you'll see my dust
i don't understand negative commenters! thankfully i haven't experienced this yet.
a tour for just 2 songs?
toni braxton has two hits to u?!
i look good all sides bitch
cant even see your face my dude and wtf is up with all those toothbrushes
looking forward to lower manhattan construction forum w/ , &amp; colleagues on thurs, 6pm
support community-generated like in little italy
858 immigrants under deportation orders were not granted full citizenship. trump is wrong.
fox was reporting the same thing earlier today.
here i'll help.this is what hillary has been doing. wiping out aids epidemic, globally!
that's a 'foundation' initiative. has zero accomplishments as u.s. senator &amp; secofstate. '0'
why on earth?
can count on cnn to have hillarys back!
guys if you don't stop ranting about who can wear a fursuit head where, i'm gonna start making infected mushroom nickelback mashups.
i kinda wanna hear the awfulness of this xd
incredible scene! sexy &amp; by
a bigger anaconda snake, dani
taking quotes out of context. you should be better than that, mike.
here's hoping you can help some kids and learn how feting the late ceo of penn st. football might be just a wee bit callous.
the honor of being in your bio
wow i mean avi
was that you tying to go into the front desk? i was gonna say hi but my parents were ready to leave
haha! at flomo? yeah. i completely understand, man. are u in alondra?
imagine, the media called the bombings in nyc "intentional explosions" didn't want to call it a 'bomb' because it would vindicate the drumph
not true. it is a long standing practice to not jump to conclusions. lots of good reasons.
don't hollywood folks have empty bedrooms?aren't they willing 2 love their brother/sister? share the wealth?
i like it. 100k muslims is exactly what they need in hollyweird. end of problem.
did they already happen?
yes last night! they got the big award of the night best drama series
writing is powerful.
loved the couple next door
happy birthday lovely enjoy your day!
thank you prima!
i just followed (aka barb in stranger things) on instagram because she's a beautiful nerd.
by doing that you're already a better friend to barb than nancy
game gonna put him smooth like 40 glocc
nah game juss tryna get sales for his new album
my latest on icahn's ill fated attempt to exit his mammoth $hlf stake via
knew something smelled. carl tried to pass it off as gas. gives full of hot air whole new meaning. $hlf
donald trump: "we have a lot of great people on earth, i have to tell you that, folks. we have a lot of great people on earth."
on earth we've got murderers, we've got criminals, we've got drugs. and some of them i assume are good people.
newt gingrich just said clinton doesn't do press conferences. she's done several over the past few weeks - trump's last presser was july 27.
she looks up to the job alright
we can't all be bff's with the kardashians like your good self.
thanks,,,,,,
sometimes i just read trough advices rih gave to her fans and it's so helpful honestly, i want a friend like her
she has alot of wisdom, she been through alot!!
yes. the only logical conclusion based on the facts.
the good thing about conclusions is that they are opinions, &amp; everyone can have their own.
when they take forever to text back &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; like son im tryna fall in love write back quicker!!!
just kidden i don't want a relationship rn
patriots who dare... join our fight to save america! click here
and latinos are called killers and rapist,,,,and blacks are called lazy...and whites...are exonerated
psa: you can now add more than one photo to your check-ins! (and each is worth +5 coins )
was this feature removed? capped at 1 photo with the latest builds. clean installed and everything.
yeezy 2.0s are $220 retail? adidas should just charge $400 and kill the aftermarket
na u good fam
just like truth is stranger than fiction, all the shit you people see on tv doesn't work in the real world on real people.
you mean lost was a lie?
kelly: not discussing benching gabbert for kaepernick ()
yes cuz gabbert doesn't have it...kap does
thanks you guys for the birthday wishes yesterday =d! i had a really nice day.
happy belated birthday!
wow i mean avi
you cute that's why
i remember realizing as an adult that most of my childhood faves were dumb, but this special was so tight
i literally cried i was laughing so hard
white guilt?
every race can have white guilt
*dude yelling at his long loast brother* "you dont have the balls to admit youre gaelic" *pulls out dick*
this man also has the dankest gooms in sf
been there. done that. moved.
haha staying strong for the both of us
thanks you just gave me halloween plans :)
enjoy! i wish
cowboys de randy gregory withdrew appeal of his 10-game suspension for multiple violations of nfl's substance...
enjoying his time off
i am the one who moderates!
the greatest moderator of them all
radio broadcast didn't, app did. technical glitch far as i know
thank you for the quick reply, best wishes for a sweet (and winning) new year
...my fl/co wasp fams and i don't discuss pol/rel. both sets would describe themselves as "mod gop." . so...
see. there are relatively low or no folks any of us know r voting for him. lo sample size but polls must be wrong.imo
the new york bombing suspect's family restaurant is getting slammed on yelp
looks like a lot of pork on that american first menu.
if y'all add me on psn, pls let me know who you are. don't wanna have to decline you because you're looking unfamiliar to ya girl.
i'm bdynamite81 if anything i believe we friends on there
i saw boyz ii men there once, it's a great venue. we out
it's a wednesday but i can ask to leave early. i'm tryna look tickets up now
not phillip fulmer
yep, huge whiff by the vols.
sometimes i just read trough advices rih gave to her fans and it's so helpful honestly, i want a friend like her
best thing i've taken from rihanna is.. nomatter how bad or whatever you go through, learn and grow from it. change
in bed, sick, watching chopped with my 2 cats. i know you're shocked that i'm single.
what more do you need though, really?
also nowhere does it say that it was a good thing they did.
where does the lord condemn it? especially after destroying s &amp; g lots wife?
i've never said that. i always behave
hmm do you really though ?
actually, for all on run from persecution - can't make same mistake of rejecting refugees, as us did to dehumanized jews in wwii.
20mm jews win hundreds of nobel prizes. 1.6mmm muslims can't build one decent country. apples and oranges.
i'm basically saying that the context you used the word survivor totally has nothing to do with the actual definition
the moment you retreat to semantics is about thirty moments after you've lost. shut up and grow up.
donald trump: "we have a lot of great people on earth, i have to tell you that, folks. we have a lot of great people on earth."
thanks for the heads up
wanted to sleep but watched 30 min of the docker ide tooling talk by . thanks to live streams :)
yay, thanks for watching steam :)
just boarded phl-&gt;sfo and already heard being name dropped by another passenger.
it must be the australian actor?
... omg i'm ready too
i might hit the famous split lol
bet they're still mad about aj's pipebomb.
they gonna be mad about that 4ever.
after another delay...here is a concept for the halloween badges i'll be doing. i'm going to get it made when i hav...
afterwards, i'll share what the final product will look like! :3
i think most of us view oracle is wasting shareholders cash if it's going after amazon /cc
fellas, oracle is not going after they are going after it $$$ where wants to go...
you're trolling, right?
the christian holy land of the levant should belong to christians, yes?
and nah iono know didn't listen to games shit
gamea shit its hard frfr
absolutely! but there are also huge pop'ns that can vote, but choose not to. especially locally -
voting is win lose situation. better system would allow us to cultivate the best and pick btwn them for a win win.
i was going through my box of things that i packed and never opened when i moved and i found so many things that my "friends" have given me
especially this,from a girl who i thought was my friend &amp; said she never talked badly about me but turned against me
sign a petition with already more than 800,000 people demanding to see a libertarian in the :
it should also demand to see in the -47 states+d.c. can vote -,make common cause!
just how healthy is hillary clinton? doctors weigh in.
where's donald's feature for this?
hahahaha it was great. you were so on top of it omgosh. i even started to see something and just... gone from existence hahah
i went back and forth between "fuck you banned" and "fuck you removing your messages"
perfect monday morning weather
couldn't agree more! love rainy days to do work
it is the same thing that makes them unable to refuse the spectacle
i need to noodle that a bit.
i hope you were all safe away from the blast and it doesn't affect the marathon today. good luck
we we're safe! and luckily the marathon is still weeks away. . this was merely a "tuneup"!
all correct, i'd also add 'rise above' as 'underrated but not very underrated'
did many late-2000's "hip" bands reach a peak insufferableness point? animal collective, mgmt...
"you're not downtown anymore-you're in queens" said driver before throwing his coffee &amp; i
you're not in amsterdam, not in portland, not in downtown, you're not in queens... we're getting there.
says the tolerant one because its okay2slur americans of italian heritage-whole cities ofthem
1. i am italian-american. 2. we weren't discussing italian-americans. 3. nobody was getting slurred till you arrived.
today on a fresh we go through your emails and voicemails before we hit the road!
when the work day is dragging but then you realized you're the first v...
this is so fucking true fuck a libra
shaddai is gonna respond to this
i went back and forth between "fuck you banned" and "fuck you removing your messages"
and i guess the occasional: "fuck you banned. oh this ban didn't delete this message so i guess i'll do that too"
is that an ear of corn in your pocket or are you just happy to see me? ;)
i don't exactly understand this but i enjoyed reading it thank you
yo i heard something about queen's gear coming back; that means people will stop telling me my armor doesn't exist...
just lmk if you need proof they exist still have a couple pieces
robert reich schools a trump supporter is the article title. think you'll like it.
robert reich points out our system allows subsides to grow 200m into billions &amp; donald trump used em who's the con
don't worry, guys - internet journalists are asking the important questions:
well, that's a relief!
a doctor who uses his position to data gather for govt has violated the sacred privileged communication&amp;trust between dr/pt
can you say sell out? sad
in california the fact that they were both intoxicated reduced it
1. there is no fact that they "were both intoxicated". that is merely a conclusion.
nice. i think our society has regressed.
the romans also had public latrines that were designed to be far more social that is acceptable in modern times.
what was the story? i missed it!
when we met back when i worked at apple and tried to fix your computer. i had no idea what i was doing
what the fuck does this even mean
like if the whole foods is two mikes closer to you than walmart
where does the lord condemn it? especially after destroying s &amp; g lots wife?
their spawn are blessed tribes of israel. sounds like an endorsement
live on : in florida! - has no chance. florida is ...
please ask to go on stage while streaming live on . it will be useful on many levels.
asaram bapu and his devotees create ruckus aboard jet airways flight he is out on bail? :o
nail him now forever
especially this,from a girl who i thought was my friend &amp; said she never talked badly about me but turned against me
should i take a hammer to it?
happy birthday once again to !!! salute my ogs !!!
special ed you got my inbox
don't forget to sin today, or jesus died for nothing.
sin mondays through fridays; weekends are for sleeping in and waffles, follow her sassness:
hey everyone! new menu drops tomorrow! come in tonight and get $2 off all beers and $6 well cocktails for happy hou...
what time does happy hour go until?
lol, no. it was an observation that the game is coded pretty well!
aw, i was hoping for an early xmas gift, lol! ;p
i think most of us view oracle is wasting shareholders cash if it's going after amazon /cc
as tries to go up the market, oracle is trying to go down to lob &amp; mid range enterprises
i normally don't wear hats bc i can't pull it off but i was feelin cute so \_()_/
that's where my hat went
is that why the left wing stabbed them with their own flags in sac? white people?
i mean they got stabbed by other whites - bikers, students... whoever was lucky.
1. there is no fact that they "were both intoxicated". that is merely a conclusion.
whether one person or both perons "were intoxicated", is entirely inconsequential.
i want a lobster roll
is that the safeword
when are automile reps getting those??
they all do ping pong.
ignatius loyola had an epiphany at pamplona, just like hemingway;started the jesuits. fun fact about spain in preparation for
... jesuits transformed education long ago. you can transform computer science today!
that is definitely the place where they send the unaccompanied men who get kicked out of the real chuck e. cheese.
i bet it was founded here,
thieves accidentally disabled the second chelsea bomb, sources say:
dumpster diving isn't theft. stop calling them thieves.
are you telling me, apple *still* hasn't released an external 4k+ display?
will release a new retina display to coincide with the redesigned mb pro with skylake + polaris this october. sit tight.
trump now suggests that ahmad khan rahami, an american citizen captured in the united states, should be treated as enemy combatant
wondering what part of the us constitution allows that. trump celebrates his total ignorance of the law.
if you feel like you are in need of an argument, go pick one with someone who cares.
thank god 15 year olds don't vote.
it's funny that the possible consequences remain the same regardless of what i do.
i don't think they do but again, it's your choice.
me too. i got to meet him and he's the most humble and genuine person ever. great man overall.
i remember seeing you post about him before, but yes he his, i've seen his documentary.
pastels are fucking neat but do i have to put a fucking disclaimer that i don't have a daddy kink, fuck outta here melanie martinez fans
i don't want to be one of those graphic designers who are doomed to have one of their designs show up as like a halsey thing on tumblr
i can't believe the profiled me and that the absurdly brilliant warm and incisive wrote it
im... ily... this is wonderful
hey you won go to my link
where am i going?
baby boomers? trash millennials? trash generation xers? oh, we didn't even see you sitting there. can we grab you a drink or something?
yeah i'm straddling the genx millennial area. it is an interesting time.
whether one person or both perons "were intoxicated", is entirely inconsequential.
it was established both had consumed alcohol, but "intoxicated" is merely a conclusion, not fact.
what's really very interesting is this thread where the bernie bros are still alive &amp; trashing hillary unbelievable!
they'd better listen to b/c hillary is not a quitter!
does anyone have tips for remembering people? i know it's rude and i want to be betterrrrr
i repeat names over and over on the first couple of meetings and i try to associate them with at least 1 interesting fact
of course. why would i misbehave and get in trouble
lol you sound like 6 years
you've been told he renounced these comments ...right... been told enough, can access google
and then doubles down on them in rallies.
then i'm sure you're concerned about 2nd mile, proven ground zero for sandusky's victims?
i've ridiculed them for the past four years for helping a pedophile hurt children.
that video of the raider fan deckin the other raider video is hella typical lol. at least niner fans fight the other teams fans
the one that wanted to fight was asian, you took the l still (:
i love seafood but i just can't do octopus
i know, right?! those little ones still look like octopus (with sweaters on). why not just put eyes on it and call it a day?
recording with soon. have any questions or us?
best way for designers to prototype, document, and share animations with engineers?
tonight, eagles or bears?
who cares? i'm so over the and for not having a set of stones. i'd rather watch reruns of knotts landing
so far, i've spent the first day of my 30's looking up photos of glenn danzig's toy collection and eating too much chinese food
as a soon to be 30 year old this gives me hope.
alt hed: classpass failed to grow more than 50% since last summer, still loses money.
power of spin
is she never ill??????
how dare you let a silly thing like the flu stop you from making sure your husband always has a sexy sex woman ready for him!
tell me is this deja v? 'cause you want me and i want you
literally obsessed with this song
i repeat names over and over on the first couple of meetings and i try to associate them with at least 1 interesting fact
(1 interesting fact about them)
great to welcome the mayor of london to nyc.
. top speech today touching on british heritage &amp; access to talent &amp; diversity london provides
.......i agree to these terms
lol we can setup a "custom" match i challenged so its your pick of local
hmm, if nobody speaks up about the spearpoint 1943 expansion stuff, i just picked up the base set a couple weeks ago.
yours. it's a big box full of all that stuff, signed copy. counters as well. i'll just include the base set so you have 2.
what can business people learn from formula one?
it's good to be a monopoly.
should i take a hammer to it?
i wish i could do a poll to that
it was established both had consumed alcohol, but "intoxicated" is merely a conclusion, not fact.
the only time that "intoxicated" has legal relevance is in matters of driving under the influence
while they scored way more points. it's interesting to see dray is one of 5 forwards to average at least 14, 9 &amp; 7.
throw in kidd and magic as guard
youre just mad she's hotter than fields.
love it.
is hillary clinton healthy enough for the presidency? click here to take the poll now:
that's not in the picture.
my car is just taking the l for today
what happened
got an apple watch today but not sure how i feel about it yet. gonna try it for a week before deciding if i wanna return
i might just be having buyers remorse though.
live on : in florida! - has no chance. florida is ...
awesome rally-8000 ppl, full house and ppl outside! go
and think of all the kudos they could give each other. create another award ceremony for themselves.
the achmed awards.......each with over 1k pounds of plastic explosives!!! it would be a powerful statement. u r
we starting 1 thursday so hopefully he breaks da mold.
he has zero pocket awareness hopefully some 1st team reps will change that
robert reich schools a trump supporter is the article title. think you'll like it.
how trump using wht system allows is a bad thing, i'm not sure. seems bad guys r those who created the system
did many late-2000's "hip" bands reach a peak insufferableness point? animal collective, mgmt...
hot chip, cut copy, yeasayer....?
don't suppose you know anyone in monterey for the cl match in 28th?
no. i don't know anyone there but they have a wonderful aquarium.
this is proof that ur only interested in "the paterno hook." images explain "jerry-rigged" system and udc.
again, if you want to talk about how we can both help adult survivors of sandusky, i'm all ears....
steady, calm vs : hrc stresses u.s. 'resolve' in terror fight; warns trump policies aid militant recruit
leadership from the back of an ambulance!
the only time that "intoxicated" has legal relevance is in matters of driving under the influence
and that's because "intoxication" is objectively defined as having a bac of .08% while driving.
trump now suggests that ahmad khan rahami, an american citizen captured in the united states, should be treated as enemy combatant
dump should be treated as an enemy combatant
is my solid answer
nerve even heard of this guy before. i'll have to learn about it
ur just now watching it ?!?
i knowww it was so good wtf
think i gotta brush up on my 4chan lingo. its all about acting as unlikeable as possible.
pretty much. it's become a parody of its former self
i don't want to be one of those graphic designers who are doomed to have one of their designs show up as like a halsey thing on tumblr
like honestly if you listen to melanie martinez, halsey, 21 pilots, or the 1975 dont you ever come near me or my aesthetic again
i wrote about kaepernick, jackie robinson, , civic leadership and *sigh* jason whitlock.
as a white man...i had to stop reading mid-way thru....good job ;)!!! sigh....
trump blames ny bombing on not vetting rahami. he was 7 when he entered the us in 1995
and traveled multiple times to afghanistan - he should have been on the radar
oklahoma police release disturbing footage of cops killing unarmed man:
i moved to california in '77 i have driven back and forth 15 + times hwp show much bias on highway 40 stops
why u subbin me sis lol
assssssmmeeeeeeee el favor free! you're going to look 16 for the rest of your life.
that feeling when you see "the one that got away" while you are at a professional development meeting. it's been 21 years
i'm now terrified that i'm going to run into him and he won't remember me.
and that's because "intoxication" is objectively defined as having a bac of .08% while driving.
but citizens are not required to take bac tests before having sex.
"i called it first," trump says about nyc bombings. it's all about him. sends best regards to survivors. so tone deaf.
someone tweeted last night that trump would say, "i now have the biggest dumpster in nyc."
clinton leads trump by 1 point in key battleground state
where are these supporters? root these idiots out and help them,ppl.
i need yall help spreading this. if you with me on the journey to change minds. itll only go as far as yall take it
the film was awesome
with a few small exceptions, i am becoming increasingly detached from "popular" music. plus i called a podiatrist.
not another waiting room!!!
trump on captured bomber: "the bad part...he will get best medical treatment, hospital rooms service, good lawyers...what a sad situation"
i guess they were suppose to skip the courthouse and go straight to the electric chair.
please! i am a fan. now, if you can solve the problem of my front page getting stolen every sunday..
for that, how about we ask .
can someone start a petition to allow alumni at the homecoming dance lmao pls
you are allowed
write a fair article that examines what really happened and noone will argue. we want truth and facts.
same goes for you, john. if you want to talk about how to help with adult survivors of sandusky, i'm all ears
trump says america should profile suspicious people. but who is he talking about? is on the factor tonight -bo'r
probably hillary supporters!!!!!
probably a good idea to not import terror as well, but what do i know.. i'm just a "stupid deplorable". ?
the deplorables are the last chance for america. the rational and sane basket.
both chud movies will be on blu-ray this november. what a time to be alive. now if we can get willard and ben on any format, that be great
they are being put out by scream factory
detectives closed child sex and abuse cases they could have solved, documents reveal.
all catholics? the diocese couldn't have survived. vatican owns planet through the bis.
if you've never eaten a salad from , your missing out. .com @ choices cafe - coral...
thanks for the love!!
it really was the details and quiet character moments that made new game surprisingly sweet. i'll miss it.
are you self-inserting as aoba or what
ladies...i need a recommendation for a place that does good facials. i know y'all know.
i work with an esthetician. i can text you her info.
someone recommend me a good book please. preferably not a novel.
i just finished jesus' son by dennis johnson, really enjoyed it
our top 3 lines are set tho. wouldnt wanna waste him on the 4th line
you'd move someone who is on the top 3. just theoretical of course. if he is signing in khl it'll be next year to look at
bro the small ass footlocker i work at on 14th is getting them you might be surprised and get lucky and get them bro
word? so what's up with the what's up lol?
@ her next time
she knows
probably doesn't have much anymore he made 2 songs
lmao you seen his jewelry ??? he must still be getting money somehoww
"my highest duty as president is to protect our citizens &amp; to uphold the constitution of the united states." ~ trum...
precisely, a1a. took 'the oath,' but, has been allowed to trample alllll over it and make a mockery of, the oath!!!
if i dry my hair on chica will she turn pink too?
i strongly dont suggest that!! you dont wanna turn chica pink! she wouldnt like it :(
on a lot of twitter lists because i wanted to get bots to call a bitch
good. that guy is a bitch
why does trump keep saying "i told you so!" when there're tragedies? we've been dealing with terrorism and mass shootings for 30 years.
-terrorism doesn't lend itself to simple or simplistic solutions. trump's sledgehammer approach won't work to solve it.
does she even care if you're out here moisturized or not???
that's not love cus clearly she don't care if you dry or not.
we don't elect people to cabinet positions, ben. what are you talking about?
he is dupe.
thanks christine for sharing my story. love that you did so. enjoy the day.
thanks ana for sharing my story. have a great week.
typical liberal. you can spew dishonest nonsense all day, but won't tolerate someone respectfully calling you out on it.
"typical liberal...respectfully calling you out" yeah, that's so respectfully calling someone out.
maybe use it to make neb a rebrand
lol im doing that now
link would help.
hahaha. i am at least 22 of these stories
did she date her employer? i haven't watched the end of that. lol
oh the nanny is my secret love. yes, i think that is how the series ended.
ben won't be britney and justin with me for halloween and its bullsh*t, but you and your babe should be.
update: he agreed and i could cry of joy
great pic, steven! do you mind if i use this photo on a future blog/sm about our panel?
sure just link to my tweet as credit, please!
why is it up to young disillusioned poc to stop trump but not white people &amp; those in power?
because they're not going to lmao. he is for the wealthy, why would they not support him?
we've got some exciting news: 3-time winner is joining onstage during today's general session.
plus, we'll be live tweeting! cc:
yooo i was dead thinking that nigga dropped 100 bands on a watch i was like howwwww
fuck the watch you seen that cuban???
"hillary clinton talks tougher about my supporters than she does about islamic terrorists." -
hillary has advised the nyc parents to be patient, her next batch of isis immigrants will target schools ???
but citizens are not required to take bac tests before having sex.
therefore u cannot factually claim either person "was intoxicated", since neither was driving.
the snow was literally up to at least my waist and it was like leslie knope falling into the pit.
i'm in the pit, you're in the pit, everyone's in the pit!
that's just wrong - 100s of muslim people have won nobles - &amp; intl solidarity not measured in prizes. all apples.
try 12, including bogus awards like arafat. research before you tweet.
you have to agree not to take your fursuit head off in public to go to nordic fur con
lol ok... i don't take my head off anyways but it's also a con i wouldn't waste my time to go to in the first place.
can't even think of a line to highlight lmao
i cackled when he said the sept was bernie sanders uncle . he's flaming everybodyyy.
again occasion today to explain that 's "don't ship the org chart" means "you will ship the org chart." product mgmt = org trans.
i just gave a whole talk on that last week! (not recorded)
sam do that?
yessss ill post a better pic when i get home and clean it lol
things just got read:
gs: "papers like this make me wonder if we know anything that we think we know." k (his pi): "spoken like a 3rd year graduate student."
i have a long record of not giving a damn about ratings &amp; i won't make an exception here.
addendum wasn't aimed at you, just wanted to share your post and add that context for the tweeps! ps
same. but for a dude that was never expected to play let alone start he didn't look too bad tbh
he was solid. i'll give him that. the athleticism is there he just needs the qb mentality
ios 10 photo search is pretty good:
"siri, show my pictures of pete sampras."
it's really queens field lol.
still "shea" in my book -- always will be!
hey ceo here. it arrived late? can you describe how it's fitting?
seems like camera hole was not cut big enough, causing the case to not wrap all the way on front...
gingrich saying clinton doesn't hold pressers. she has taken questions 6 times in 3 weeks. trump hasn't held presser since july.
please do share a video of taking a hardball question &amp; answering it in the last year
stay safe, but remember: explosion bomb
thanks . love precision journalism. the explosion happened literally 2 blocks from where we stay!
yeah, that's clearly only a liberal trait. no conservatives display that hahahaha, sorry. it was too laughable
and when you say "typical _____" anything w/ disparagement, it's always meant with respect
hillary clinton: specs, lies and videotape
trump is a racist pig....a sob....and a piece of shit
overall, it feels like mobilization around inclusion &amp; diversity in tabletop is miles behind efforts in video games.
it's also about money and reach, though. ea can put serious resources towards promoting this in a way a tabletop pub can't.
ummm excuse me? why do i need to adult and be at internship way too early tomorrow
adulting is overrated. trivia ends at 9:30...plenty of time for beauty sleep!
i haven't even seen it yet planning to watch though!
wildlike is definitely worth watching. i highly recommend it!
39l - i didn't want to make a scene in public...
too late. rip twitter inbox.
daily "tears" rts and likes are much appreciated!
good work man
trump says isis can't be defeated "with closed eyes or silent voices"
. it's like he is talking directly to me
let's start with restarting your iphone. let us know if this helps the email issue. what other issues are you seeing?
the email issue is recurring.
you bring me bad luck stop saying this
now l wanna tweet this everyday
great lyrics. can't help but love this studio quality live performance sawyer with guitar at his best.
yes!!! &amp; luv dj's voice &amp; enthusiasm! so grateful for these perfect kspn kitchen concerts!!
the new yorker's style manual's approach to acronyms always looks funny
i will die on a hill called small caps
happy birthday fam. god bless you.
you said "god" *chortles* i know you mean it, thanks homie.
seems like camera hole was not cut big enough, causing the case to not wrap all the way on front...
...and i ordered before iphone7 to be delivered by last friday, but wasn't delivered until today
mental health &amp; 2nd amendment - no excuse 4 - american thinker - - 16
yup! have had it happen! told it was none of their business!
this happened today. thanks for not leaving a note
wow that's messed up
trump: "they [terrorists] want her [hrc] so badly...it will be a field day."
could fear-mongering trump explain what he would to differently about all the lone-wolf lunatics who plant bombs in the us?
is it possible to get a correct tracking number for an order i placed 3 days ago?
please direct message us your email address and we'll get on it. thanks!
and sodomy also includes oral sex.
that's not a def. of 'sodomy', but a def. of 'sodomy laws'.
good try .....
mannnnn my entire lineup was asleep.
you'll never believe what body part caitlyn jenner insured
i don't think i want to know, but (s)he should've started with the brain.
would much rather have mario chalmers or larry sanders but whatever
sanders u lost me there &amp; chalmers another coming off an achilles injury no thanks to either.
which one is closing?
bedford cheese shop
tune in to for as discusses the importance of the black vote with !
missed on msnbc's ? watch video on new get out the vote initiative for black voters:...
and even this year had stifling repeat wins. j louis-dreyfus is great and all, but best actress 5 years in a row?
i know repeat winners are boring but nobody touched her work in "mother" this year. to me, not even close.
obama, as is his way, lied: u.s. wire payments to iran undercut obama
obama the treasonous needs to be run out of town on a rail
bruh that's ai right there show some respect!
lol i'm feelin ferocious today
how you doin' w/ everything that's been going down n your neck of the woods lately, chica? thinking of you! xo
ty for askinglots of triggers. all friends ok better feels in city today .yesterday=
wishing i were in new york
its amazing! i'm here now! come to meeeee
dan synder would be skinned alive defending a team named washington nigg*rs or wetb**ks. but "redskins?" that's okee-doke.
i totally get that you must feign so you'll have to but you need to pop a .
yes it is and there is much much more. while the trump foundation was bribing florida!
you're lauding the clinton foundation. the clinton foundation is not running for potus. no accomplishment is
happpy birthdaaaaaaaay! you the coolest, dopest, smartest, insightful-est outchea! have a dope one
dearest whitney! thank you fellow virgo. hope this month has been grand and the solar return particularly wonderful.
s/o to a couple real niggas &amp; hansel
d from the bible said it so it must be true
i just enjoyed blue ice! it was amazing to see ron jeremy performing martial arts! thanks for the...
so glad you liked it. was the music intact? the old dvd was missing the score and the theme song is great. :d
oh sorry - i read it as something to respond to! gotcha.
appreciate the response, of course!
another reason to take care of your health.leaving it up to others can kill you!
thanks for sharing!
oh, goody, trump is reading "the snake."
the don prudhomme story?
and sodomy also includes oral sex.
"a sodomy law is a law that defines certain sexual acts as crimes"&lt;--gay acts are thus illegal.
hey , i hope the dates listed in the fast food fanatic message that i got today are wrong. it said sep 12-18, and today is sep 19!
yeah, someone really screwed up.. the legalese does say 9/19 07:00 to 10/2 23:59:59, though.
smash it and jump on it and burn it and get out all your against
i'm gonna hammer it then burn it, get all my anger out
ayye it's liit ttfu
gang trapping all this week
i never show my face in my singing vids &amp; i rlly didnt know if i wanted to post this but i have nothing to lose! : )
this deserves so many more retweets
"welcome to all of you deplorables." - do you hear the people sing?
yup. at the top of my lungs!
this has to be a joke...
gimme there fucking information right now....prude asses
like honestly if you listen to melanie martinez, halsey, 21 pilots, or the 1975 dont you ever come near me or my aesthetic again
i should just ditch the pastels and indie pop for a ska punk aesthetic
i'm honored to be one of the 89
oh nvm i figured it out
paul ryan met with ivanka trump in new york today at her request
i assume ryan's questions were not evaded.
hi tina! looking to get in touch about a design company. mind dm me your contact info? thanks!
you can email me at hello at tattly dot com. my team will forward.
omg got me goaty mail and im so happy
happy anniversary c:
they the battle begin!! this is only the start. haha! thank you for so many rts and support.
yo roman, you need to season those griddle tops before using... just google "seasoning a flat top griddle". cheers man.
i will find u the best case on the planet
we will see....you're competing with tons of small channels...like me lol
i got pumpkin spice fever too, now...got some pumpkin spice yogurt-covered pretzels and greek yogurt, it's delicious :'(
i like to eat pumpkin. but i won't go too far when the season comes along.
why do you think terms only have one meaning? sodomy is also any anal penetration;
is sodomy a crime?
i don't even know where to begin with a caption for this
watch out for that creeper behind you!
man, how is it that dhl charges $100 to send from germany to the us; yet wants $300 to send the same package back t...
do you need my support and help?
none of this is has anything to do with anti-psu bias. none of it.
exactly. penn st. could be any state u. question isn't: did joepa, officials commit crime?
could he run for president here, once he's done with canadia?
too handsome
he was for it now hes against it &amp; he wants more hb-1 visas
wise up, attacking a guy who's standing with us,when majority is against us - only helps hillary &amp; furthers tyranny
is tampa really 1-0 tho?
between fsu and tampa bay's blowouts this weekend, i have decided to remove this past weekend from my memory. so yes, 1-0 still.
finished fairest of all in 2 nights. completely hooked. actually gutted it's over. can't wait to start the next book!
the series isn't over. i'll should start writing the next one around october! happy you're enjoying them!
it feels almost impossible to be accepted - even with men, and moc, with depression- for your mh as we are with theirs.
i have typically warmed towards men with mh issues from an empathetic kindred spirit place. but the patience feels a very one way street.
he is needed for serious questioning!! dead people can't answer questions about global terrorism!!! also he's accus...
they mostly just didn't kill him though bc he may or may not have valuable information, so the whole "self defense" argument
i wish me and my music were 10's
y'all honestly are 7.5s but musically 11s
david duke lost as a dem and is winning now as a republican. he changed parties.
as if he had a chance in hell as a democrat! we don't do haters.
wish there was a more satisfying way to *act on* the great recs in 's discover weekly. i hit + and follow artist and then...nothing.
record a cover and post it to youtube
wow! is beautiful!
really is beautiful bc that what you are
playing "here i am" on right now *solo studio karaoke activated*
was just looking for something new to listen to.
you also previously asked for one case where a woman was charged with...
and u gave the seattle case where a woman was charged w/ 2nd degree rape. no conviction tho.
trump read this and it was legit terrifying.
i hope he doesn't read bedtime stories to his grandkids.
trump finishes the snake. crowd cheers as if the guitar part in bohemian rhapsody just hit and the lights came back on in the arena.
no, he really did "the snake"? he's a moron. his followers are morons.
lmfaoo this discussion is funnier everytime
bro i just wanna be a god amongst men as you are i don't see the comical aspect of that
tonight's starting lineup.
conforto
none of this is has anything to do with anti-psu bias. none of it.
question has always been for me: did joepa, penn st. do the right thing by voiceless kids? no
or anything that puts them together again lol
they will still be together but us fans just wanna watch them more
i knoow omg
ugh i wish i can hear it live
i should be able to use my mac as the audio output for my phone.
you can do this if you plug in your phone, open quicktime, and select your phone as the source
. but sure, go waste one precious vote on a totally empty gesture and make things 1000 times worse. genius, really.
would you rather the protest votes go to trump? i didn't think so.
. - perhaps the uneducated learn of prior events? ...
so... it's endorsed. the lord didn't smite them or their offspring, nor stop them. all things he could,
out now: our new album ! download the album on itunes now.
loved your album!
suspect in custody. you are welcome colin kaepernick.
raise your hand if you're an asshole!
haha that was possibly the worst day of my life.
probably either that day or the day at begal wilson when you raced that kid and felt like puking
nah, i stopped caring about other people's witlessness
it must give you plenty of time to really practice your own.
your moving of the goalposts is noted:
right, the seattle case; she plead guilty to sexual assault tho.
did you say senator &amp; sec of state? funny you should ask.no wonder she is tired.
sec of state is the u.s. world diplomat. listed are 'domestic' accompishments. nothing on the world stage
shouldn't i be eating both of you, as shamans and, therefore, as snacks?
i think it's well known that shamans eat monks for breakfast!
that's it...trade jaro...he gave up a goal. &lt;eye roll&gt;
he has given up a few goals stick side just like that during the season...
guys, u can still work a corporate job and be extremely creative &amp; talented
this friend group is always each other
mets suck. their players and fans are douchebags
it's a good tweet with your personal opinion, but no one responded back because your a marlins fan
darn that constitution!
room service is unaffordable if he stays at a trump hotel.
perhaps you the nytimes should speak to her doctor, you know - the one who has examined her and treated her-not this
is this a need to fill real estate online or really necessary? did you not see the fake letter on dr oz?
trump is reading the snake. because what else is he going to do? describe substantive policy proposals?
it helps make a point. and with the recent attacks on our soil, this is perfect time for the poem. what's clinton's policies huh
the disrespect is real
for real! like do you expect me to be shucking and jiving in our company video?
right, the seattle case; she plead guilty to sexual assault tho.
the 2nd degree rape charge did not stick.
nah. it's not strength. i was glad to move. easier to go to more games.
haha let's hope that's the case for me next year
how was blair witch?
i really enjoyed it! very similar to the original, but with the intensity ratcheted up a notch. the last 45 mins = relentless
hillary clinton foreign-policy failures destabilized the world | national review failures:russia &amp; iran too
bring all our troops home...
my old teammate joe morgan turns 28 today. spec richardson would be nuts to ever trade him.
come on! it's not like this guy is an mvp type player.
please call customer service at 1 (800) 743-5000.
don't have time to wait 20 min. on hold. if u need me, call both phones, ring doorbell, or ask other 5 tenants for access.
the good news is my bathroom ceiling started dripping/deteriorating. the better news is i have work in six hours.
just went through that, hopefully your super fixes it quick.
some comments on this initial tweet are rough! hang in there, christian critic with a twitter account.
haha, fear not. i developed a thick skin for pompous randos a while ago ;)
israeli forces shoot, injure palestinian fisherman in northern gaza
this happens more often than we imagined
he's just trying to reach the balmer peak
lol. if i take exactly one sip every 38 minutes ... !
where are you headed?
trying to get my hair cut but everything was closed or didn't actually exist
it's ba-aack: "the snake!" crowd is amped. now trump delivering "we're gonna build the wall" line to raucous cheers in estero, fl.
no, i figured maryanne conway would do away with "the snake."
any update on newhouse? just saw he left stadium in a boot yesterday.
i think we'll get more official word tomorrow or wednesday morning - next time mcadoo speaks
would like to honor the heroism of the linden pd. wishing a fast recovery to the 2 wounded officers
now grow some balls and arrest the clinton's!
he is needed for serious questioning!! dead people can't answer questions about global terrorism!!! also he's accus...
yea he shot at the police but his life is extremely valuable to public safety-- arguably more valuable than an individual officer
wait-is buzzfeed saying in that quiz that tattoos are a stereotypical "millennial" thing? because, uh, fuck you, says every gen xer ever.
what's interesting is i remember getting my first tattoo in 92 and being told "in 5 yrs you'll regret bc the tattoo fad will be over." ha!
top story: public hearing to be held on watertown's rental inspection proposal
people wasted their vote on him.
photo: fried rat head allegedly found in popeyes fried chicken order
aaannd just ike that, you will never ever see me in a popeyes again.
i have a $34,000 shopping cart built up from 1.5 hours of shopping online
and i literally need all of it
both occurrences are pretty rare; point change and def scoring negative points. but if u think a possible stat change then start
i don't have intel on a stat change or anything . just being cautious . decisions decisions!
"we need a qb" situation comes in. kinda like the super bowl vs the ravens, 4 passing plays 0 results at the goal line. some qbs
for 3000 plus in back to back seasons while still being affective on the ground.
here's the official trailer for from !
most people here just wanna know how many new sexy outfits nina got. just like dead or alive they don't care for the actual fighting.
i have typically warmed towards men with mh issues from an empathetic kindred spirit place. but the patience feels a very one way street.
i have always wanted to believe that people with mh supersede bigotry together, but people are still socialised within it.
debate topics: -life -the universe -everything -boxers and "briefs" -u.s. presidents -potpourri
who chooses the topics? have they been following this election cycle?
poor rural whites would disagree. why should we vote dem to stop a monster if poor poc will suffer under both candidates?
b/c they're blindly ignorant. the information is right at our fingertips re: each candidate &amp; the importance of this election.
me and my 2 friends at the tailgate!
would anyone guess that's this hot sweetheart has blown over thirty feet of bbc?:)
the 2nd degree rape charge did not stick.
since we've discussed seattle, cite a case where a woman was convicted of rape.
iphone timeline - from the iphone 2g to the iphone 7 plus.
my first smartphone. took me many years to save, but finally now had it for a year of use now.
yeah, we prob gone lose on thursday tbh. too short of a weak to get prepared. hope they let him sling it tho
problem is keeping drives going so the defense can rest. even if the drive ends in a fg we should be good
tip if u just gettin started w producing: fuck giving songs away to random compilations. its just 2 pay sum dickheads rent &amp; u lose a track.
i dont think ive participated in or even seen many comps that actually make money?
"this is what happens in my house when you spill paint in the garage."
who you calling 'geek'?
in my head this one was gonna be huge
hahahaha - if it helps, you've quickly scaled to one of my favorite accounts to follow &lt;3
well it is in sweden, so, thats a hell of a flight
yeah i know where it is, not worth flying more than 13 hours there for a tiny con
i mean, it makes this a bit misleading, don't you think?
definitely misleading. i hate it.
absolutely. but what about community groups etc. wish there was more advocacy acknowledgement/cross over/interaction.
i think tabletop is still under a lot of people's radar.
poor rural whites would disagree. why should we vote dem to stop a monster if poor poc will suffer under both candidates?
but i'm not gonna convince y'all to vote when y'all don't want to. just be prepared for a trump presidency.
this friend group is always each other
i miss the sweet friend group say hi on the street friend group
looks like this is a uk release only.
so buy yourself a region free player and import it everyone
. whatever you say, whitey.
yeah i'm pretty sure he's not whitey. for a guy with over a half of a million tweets you sure aren't very good at this...
since you're certified in strength and fitness, how badly is this guy straining?
lol. a lot !!! lol. very good
i am very excited to announce to you all what i plan to make for dinner tonight ...
whoa congrats
this juvenile misogynist shit, i swear. please against the angry uneducated white men &amp; the women they subjug...
i do not remember mitt romney supporters being like this do you?
i hate this
so much. they have gps data from the trucks, show me something, anything
gas prices spike as fuel shortages hit southeast
right so the president was just bragging about gas prices the other day, and all of a sudden there's a gas spill and gas prices spike.
had s'mac today for lunch for only $2.14. thank you
hungry? get $15 off your first order on with my code: eats-rhovh.
i know, it sounds childish, but i kind of want him to win so i can laugh at stupid morons' misery, after he is president!
ha i feel the same way. no repub will ever be elected for at least 50 years.
then why are you wearing it?
i'm guessing for the same reason you wear a maga hat... cuz she wants to..
i have always wanted to believe that people with mh supersede bigotry together, but people are still socialised within it.
men with mh are just as relentlessly prejudice towards women with mh, as men who don't have it.
thats a glove but stillthey buggin! they purposely dropped it in the mix &amp; the flour, you cant miss something that size
swear it was a condom but word you really can't miss that..mad mad the fried it though
wish there was a more satisfying way to *act on* the great recs in 's discover weekly. i hit + and follow artist and then...nothing.
so far this week's dw mix is 4 for 4 w/ tracks i want to "follow up" on.even a simple reverse chron list of added songs would help
what did he say?
he blocked you lmao
does the government know what it's doing to physicians? via
it doesn't care! one payer health care is their aim!
this is just..... is there any other word for this other than stupid?
ummm... idiotic, dumb, foolish, white, republican, trump supporter.
trump on captured bomber: "the bad part...he will get best medical treatment, hospital rooms service, good lawyers...what a sad situation"
what is he proposing we do then?
so. someone in my class made a whole ass fb post about how italian-americans aren't properly represented in media...
did you immediately show them the sopranos?
if dak is 5-1 when romo is ready - huge if - dak should keep the starting job. and how long will romo last when he returns? huge if.
i never want to see romo again.
ok so that one pose is rly weird but i think he looked like he was giving old hollywood (almost cary grant) leading...
this man is simply 2 much for me
both chud movies will be on blu-ray this november. what a time to be alive. now if we can get willard and ben on any format, that be great
honestly, i haven't been able to finish chud. i don't get why people love it so much.
did you say senator &amp; sec of state? funny you should ask.no wonder she is tired.
how bout u.s. senator? improved us 'reputation' worldwide? lgbtq rights are being 'recognized' by the m.e.?
oh, no, that was all true. you're good. :-)
back to the hatch to punch in 4, 8, 15, 16, 23 and 42.
unless you need to fire ntp syncs _very frequently_ which doesn't seem a very common use case.
that sounds good, thanks. we'll definitely give it a shot
only 4 hours until we get to ride the heater. is 10-3 in his last 13 ats picks:
mr monday night heater!!! great nickname
at that point in the project where the remaining would-be-nice-to-haves are all kind of thorny and difficult
that's almost always how my projects go.
irony: his followers are the tender woman and he is the snake. or they are the frog and he the scorpion. toss up.
i still don't understand "the snake" but it seems very phallic.
i miss the sweet friend group say hi on the street friend group
i hate the rude friend group call benson a prude friend group
at midtown terrace downzoning: proposes single family homes that may be down zoned to single family detached still get adus
rh1-d neighborhoods getting lots of "respect" rather than the open mockery they should be getting. stop maintaining deliberate segregation!
newest member in the gym raw af
i bet i could do it with 3
i searched for a flight from sjc to pdx and hipmunk offered me one with a layover in jfk. yeah, i want that one
once tried to get from sjc to bur. delta offered sjc-&gt;lax-&gt;sfo-&gt;bur
hillary clinton's path to the white house hinges on convincing liberals that it's worth their time to vote for her.
it is soooo worth it!! our lives and futures depend on this.
that's impossible lol
...they could cut the crust off after its baked, then cut it into slices and sell that shit as loafs.....
it would make sense for both teams but nill likes his defensive prospects so he might pass on pouliot
nich for yak?
so, here's a question, are the doctor &amp; sam becket superheroes? it seems like they should be
this is what gets into my thing about "we'll know superheroes when we see them"
and how will importing more terrorists into our country affect that number?
the point is, who cares? rounding error given benefits of immigration to us economy
yeah when ever i try going shopping i usually never find anything i like
lmao i second that..
going straight for fifa
i've actually never played fifa \_()_/
the chicken joint owned by ahmad khan rahami's family is getting bombed... on yelp
-the family shouldn't be blamed for the one son's actions!
nate duncan calling 3-1 jokes fans desparately clinging to their one-year win before the apocalypse got me screaming.
shut this andy guy up
but that's probably for the 38mm, i would need the 42mm
the 42 start at $299...that's still not that bad tho.
when camping goes wrong...
"get a cat" they said "cats are loveable companions" they said
media advisory: to avoid stigmatizing muslims in ny/nj bombings, please use photo of brock turner, in lieu of photos of ahmad kahn rahami.
brian gumble would be better
tbh after i get off work i'd rather go home and be alone then talk to people. i talk to people all day and it gets old.
no one can blame you for that babygirl. take some time for you
trump on clinton: "she very much caused the problem when you think about it, and now she wants to be president?"
was gonna say the phrase he's looking for is "moral compass", but then i actually looked up moral clarity. good grief
honestly not ready to read about this
nooooo bring on the truth!
quick but a true passing qb will prevail vs unproven defenses. if that makes sense49ers need a pocketqb that can make consistent
kaepernick did his thing when he was supposed to, he's not the traditional qb, and would fit perfect in chips system.
my school just randomly decided to change my schedule for no apparent reason
they deadass just fucked it up more
since we've discussed seattle, cite a case where a woman was convicted of rape.
it turns out that the rape charge in the seattle case was a bogus charge.
how come u can't dm nobody that don't follow u on here that shit trash
u could but it's prolly cause the person took it off themselves
do you remember we were reporters at the biograph during the final scene in public enemies?
oh i didn't. thanks for reminding me. what a night that was.
this feature already exists on wordpress-it's called publicize. see here:
cool...i think we just need someone to scrap the old site, and build a new one,
men with mh are just as relentlessly prejudice towards women with mh, as men who don't have it.
ultimately it seems most men would sooner want a woman who can superficially philosophise darker emotions, than those who live them.
somehow this snuck by me. i am slipping in my old age. i should commit sepuku but i'm too busy waiting for blu-rays.
do i need to be your personal assistant and keep you informed about this stuff
ok donna, he is an ignorant fool if he keeps saying this. google david duke
i know who he is.he's useless protoplasm that eats. real people need that food!
why do you think terms only have one meaning? sodomy is also any anal penetration;
if sodomy is a crime, then gay men are inherently criminals.
that range is low compared to its peers, but perhaps less of a factor for action sports crowd, versus aerial photographers?
good point. unfortunately there were no vision tracking features announced. would be great for action sports folks.
she found out only 200 were coming to her rally
she didn't even get 200, that is the look of a person watching their presidential dreams die.
so his argument is that "italian-americans" are only depicted as mafia and gangsters. -_____-
but the sopranos was a really well done show that did have that aspect, but also showed them as well developed characters...
white guilt is a myth.
if you say so
cont' turns out a girl in my class knows you and is actually cousins with you! how crazy!
what a small world. who was it?
oh shit. they do kinda do this w/ mtg cards, but magic models the character after the champ. i've always enjoyed it.
we will model the player after the character
and how will importing more terrorists into our country affect that number?
the destiny of the united states has always been about its future immigrants, not its present population.
. qualified opportunities. it's also a very conservative number. likely closer to $1m, but only have $800k tracked.
hmm, wonder if there is a way/tool for you to get end to end deal management and get that visibility. guessing could be useful :)
pops ain't about that damn life for sure
haha that chick should've swung on dude and told him to chill....
cool...i think we just need someone to scrap the old site, and build a new one,
and then teach us how to do what you're suggesting. we don't have any strong social media folk on staff rn.
ajreb. everybody send dog pics pls
you don't appreciate my dog snaps
i grew up with it.
understandable. that's how it is with ernest scared stupid for me. one of my all time favorites
hate that my music is all over the place on hella apps
start inventing
ur nuts. who said anything about anti-semitism? who's anti-semiatic? you?
anti-semetic - , anyone who calls themselves a , and anyone who is voting
you calling abstainers "blindly ignorant" is exactly why we abstain. insult our morality, then wonder why we aren't on board
i think you should reread that and come back.
and often the cost of iding the bad acts &amp; bad actor is being labeled a bad actor yourself. "why are you trying to ruin them? get over it..."
see also: the crucible, anita hill, etc
hmm, wonder if there is a way/tool for you to get end to end deal management and get that visibility. guessing could be useful :)
but getting everyone to adopt it would be a pain of course.
is there a twitter cellphone app that supports easy switching between two accounts?
official twitter app. there's an account button to the left of edit profile.
heart of that offense. harbaugh made that defense great with his schemes. that's just my opinion based off numbers, coaches, and
see you didn't watch the 49ers like i did gore was our workhorse but nowhere near the heart of the offense.
new kaiser survey suggests obamacare is killing jobs, writes
this is just too costly for businesses to survive!
but the sopranos was a really well done show that did have that aspect, but also showed them as well developed characters...
either way i'm on your side. that's ridiculous.
ultimately it seems most men would sooner want a woman who can superficially philosophise darker emotions, than those who live them.
in short, i think my summary is, i am yet to meet a man in nyc who asks me how i am and means it.
recently spent several hours under my house running ethernet cable from the fiber termination to my office. whoosh.
i'm too terrified of all the termites i would find if i tried that
both are problematic w/ their own set of problems.
nobody said they weren't.
irony: his followers are the tender woman and he is the snake. or they are the frog and he the scorpion. toss up.
then again, i still can't figure out what billy joe mccallister was throwing off the tallahatchie bridge.
you also previously asked for one case where a woman was charged with...
but since the one case u cited was predicated upon breaking &amp; entering, it's not very relevant.
brian was there saturday my flight was sunday next time hh
ah sorry to miss you gerry mate.
to the person who took my clearly-labeled greek yogurt from the fridge: you're the worst, and you're dead to me.
i labeled them all like this, so they're obvi not a public good..... this theft was so intentional that it's silly
(that's trump tower)
naw! where's your "trump cheats workers and contractors" sign?
cool...i think we just need someone to scrap the old site, and build a new one,
so if you know someone who would be down, please send them my way quickly
a truth about nyc: come for the business, stay for the chicken.
dude, that's so funny. you're a man of your word, tuna!
rh1-d neighborhoods getting lots of "respect" rather than the open mockery they should be getting. stop maintaining deliberate segregation!
supervisor argues neighborhoods should get to choose what their zoning should be, ie if they want granny flats or not.
how is terrence trice doing in preseason
he's in his bag!!!
this guy ellis is really a clown
i took this pic just for the joke just to be clear i did not watch it
love this quote from about what true design collaboration is.
thanks for the shoutout
going live with doodles and art and things in 10min or so! come say hello!
sorry guys, technical difficulties with the stream. will be live as soon as i get it sorted!
when you constantly spew violence and hate eventually it will be a self-fulfilling, bc we are a violent nation
its not just the nation its the species.
we will call you tomorrow
is that latin for several days?
about meeting my favorite , at !
glad you could meet him!
theyre fresh tho
it's more fresh when u can cop ur own and the receipt reads the gringo mandingo at the customer label young thug
for your children's sake
that about sums it up.....
the tears of a thousand unibros
must. go. to universal. or summon all of them here. "come little children i'll take thee away..."
didn't they just move down the street?
totally possible
my haters routine: wake up, check brooke's profile, gossip to someone , eat, look at brooke's profile, gossip some more, go to sleep
obsessed // mariah carey
nursing makes me self-reflect so much, it's actually really scary.
self-reflection is the best tool for growth
what's a drosophila?
. dunno, but my friends tell me it's not a "fruit fly."
this is why we can not allow hillary who will continue obama's horrible immigration policies be elected....
can you believe this? i wonder if this has happened before-the media is so corrupt we will never know-
that kid is perfect &amp; has a very pretty mommy!! &lt;3
and a very pretty auntie!
tfw a stat you wrote the messaging for makes its way into a white house two-pager b-)
it's also a stat abt cops &gt;:| did you know last yr 80% of hate violence victims were met w hostility or indifference from police responders
i love that song! the fact that we're the same age is awesome because i always appreciate your random pop culture minutia.
thanks amanda!
though it's such a shame for them to part, the bills have released chris martin and replaced him on the ps
what you did there, i see it
super important question: now that the kids have smartphones, is it (a) creepy or (b) cool for me to set up a brushwood family slack?
it's cool as long as you have buyin.
man who shot crossroads mall terrorist is uspsa competitor, 3-gun shooter via
he was a off duty detective..
thrift shopping is the one hey
i need to find that thrift store tf lol
you robbing my tweet
no robbery lol i just forgot to include you for cred
hahah. man kaep is trash. 37th ranked qb. 3rd string
superbowl homie..gabbert was hearing footsteps lol
i should just ditch the pastels and indie pop for a ska punk aesthetic
new logo pick it up pick it up pick it up pick it up
trump blatantly lied about ford motors moving everything to mexico. in fact, they're creating u.s. jobs
so ford moving those jobs to nonunion, no-min-wage poverty mehico is going to create high-paying jobs here? gimmeafarking break.
how can i get a twitter heat map?
what topic would you like to have network mapped?
suicide squad spinoff starring harley quinn in development at warner bros.
will smith should get a shot to. he did a great job bringing kill-shot to life.
are people really complaining about the mech vs minions price? holy shit, it's so cheap compared to other games of comparable quality.
i'm willing to bet they have zero experience with board games.
hey not sure about figment. we can send out a replacement. regarding delivery, website said we'd *begin* shipping 9/15.
ahhhhh. delivery was my mistake then. is that how the camera hole is supposed to be cut for the 7?
it was established both had consumed alcohol, but "intoxicated" is merely a conclusion, not fact.
if you drink 1/4 of a beer, are you thus 'intoxicated'?
600 dpi pngs are apparently very large, it would seem. i would like to make sure they're preserved, but can't afford to host 'em.
oh, we can host all that without blinking. i put up 8000 tv manuals over the weekend.
a good day cj, bless up
i can talk all day about this, but at the end of the day 49ers didn't win when they had the chance 3 years in a row, kaep was
this boy is in love with me and we still haven't went on a date yet. how sway ?!?!
i don't even want a man i just want someone to buy me makeup and take me out for food.
so continue spreading hatred &amp; false fear of something that's less likely than lightning to kill you. that's what they want.
michael ben ... do you denounce sharia?
favorite thing about the village? the fat wiener dogs that get walked when i come back from class
i have seen more dogs - of the wiener variety, specifically - in the 3 weeks than i have in my entire life
the sidewalk cafe celebrates 40 years in venice, california! join in on the fun at their 9/23 anniversary party....
happy anniversary sidewalk cafe!
just a tiny riff. it was either 3rd- or 2nd-to-last song in your set - it had a 3-chord downward seq. in the hook, v similar..
ah yes. pretty sure it's my song "angeleno".
600 dpi pngs are apparently very large, it would seem. i would like to make sure they're preserved, but can't afford to host 'em.
i mostly meant if you needed me to ask people to consider donating to your need to pay for shipping, of if that's handled within.
"the day i realized it can be smart to be shallow was, for me, a deep experience."
i plan on using trump's second amendment solution, just like he stated.
the debates will be their only exposure? i find that hard to believe in "this" election.
less an election than a type of king / queen of the prom both r appealing 2 followers, running 4 self reset this, expand options.
that's why i love you tho!
i'm so glad. i'm still optimistic as fuck but yo over the years i have also become so salty and jaded too
so you're saying you still love sublime enough to have it written across your shoulders?
. replace sublime w green day and yeah. if i thought it could get me a date w mike dirnt. sure.
there is so much stupid shit written whenever apple releases new products.
mean, poor samsung owners are just hoping they don't catch on fire
happy to help! (and he totally is.)
i'm almost surprised there isn't a weird golden age version that onslaught was riffing on---real name hans lot or something.
doing a somewhat silly amount of manual work here, but it works fairly well
are you dreading those over or are those dynamic somehow?
y'all wish this devil pup a happy birthday
i love you and a miss you, whooooooooooo! they was never gang gang they was never one of us
you dumb? i added a photo w/my face. it's a bathroom, do you not brush your teeth in a bathroom? fucking gross &amp; yo...
oooh burning me with a cod team i design for and yeah but typically it doesnt take 3 toothbrushes to do the job
quite a statement frm. trump. readers will recall that a right to a lawyer is...a fundamental american one:
wow his fascism is showing
aphra cadabra aphrodite giveaway! follow and retweet ya boy to enter ;;
i'll retweet your giveaway if your rt mine
heading to the city by the bay to visit &amp; to talk about from space!
come visit, , too. that's where i follow you.
"i was against going into iraq" - trump (he wasn't)
he is a compulsive liar to whatever benefits him. pond scum
because we don't have enough cop shows...
need more shows like i live in nyc and i have enough drama in my life
600 dpi pngs are apparently very large, it would seem. i would like to make sure they're preserved, but can't afford to host 'em.
for what it's worth. any nintendo roms will not be hosted in public just because they're bitchy little sallybags.
it's gonna be a good night
i know you love la but we miss you in san fran.
"pornhub alone had seventy-eight billion page views" crying
i don't think you can make sense of modern pornography
a good day cj, bless up
the x factor of the offense those years, planning against a mobile qb is one of the hardest things to do because you have to
oh yeah that's good! i just got one a couple of weeks ago from groupon, so if i can return it, i'll get the series 2
wait! groupon had them? i don't know how i missed that!
1/3 what i saw in new york with the pro mugabe protesters was a clear sign that zanu wants to stay at all costs. a government official
2/3 named gumbo . was with them and directing what was happening . no doubt there was money put into play . my question was whose money ?
miami is notorious - we opted for fll over mia for exactly that reason.
well i have to stand in immigration line for an hour anyway. maybe customs then takes pity on me.
you dumb? i added a photo w/my face. it's a bathroom, do you not brush your teeth in a bathroom? fucking gross &amp; yo...
gettin bacteria all over those toothbrushes having them on the counter and stuff! fucking gross!
new owners are genuinely concerned that bc reduces guaranteed 50mill+ if isles don't reach certain targets+bc still running debt.
i understand your point, i don't view them looking for alternatives as negative at all. it's the smart thing to do.
yum! had you ever been to buckhorn before?
nope, first time though
we suck. it's not an overreaction. we should be 0-2 tbh
you guys will be fine
that seems like the pivot! frank ocean, kendrick -- rise of mumford -- cloud nothings and japandroids
2012 was also when tuskegee was released. coincidence?
happy bday to my boy trey use to be the days
preciate it my g!
can't believe eagles fans keep doing this.
totally not related....... but i'm digging your avi
that's just doing the most just for bread, stop being lazy and cut the crust off your own bread
...that's like saying uncrustables are garbage.
the prophecy of
whats breal wearing
been having a shitty month
cheer up bro! shit will get better
what reallyyyy i love it
my phones been soooo slow with it &amp; i have to press on my screen super hard and restart it constantly cause it won't load
nah, u're there .. opening a door via bot can be tagged as + &lt; very indeed
the door is already made to be open via phone call \_()_/
donald trump: "we're in medieval times. that's what we are."
still waiting for the day he holds a rally in an actual medieval times restaurant.
i would like to see hart at rg and beatty at rt
beatty was inactive yet again why sign him for that is going to be the case!
i'm really good at balance
make a list of good things! yesssss!
great still not giant height as i've been told by christians giants way taller.
i don't believe the bible lists the heights of the nephilim.
he is saying there are ways to take anyone alive not that he should be dead.
but yea i completely agree, just using cases like these tends to distract from the actual issue at hand
suspect in custody. you are welcome colin kaepernick.
its called doing your damn job. quit acting like a spoiled brat.
omg brian. did you set it on fire?
more or less, yeah, i read about two months back and archived the rest.
jamie dornan is in that "we're going to keep casting him because something's got to work" part of his career. must be lovely.
tyler kitsch in 2008-2012
"the way we talk to our children becomes their inner voice." peggy o'mara
perfectly stated!
but he became a citizen after immigrating...?
who vetted him???
i love fucking trains
have i got a treat for you
iphone 7 first impressions from !
sweet video.....gorgeous location. it's like a breather...but a whole campus
cnn to host town hall with president obama on sept. 28 to discuss us military issues.
oh boy,ohboy,ohboy- can't wait to see that- not- can't you just let the idiot fade away- no money for a library either!
a mans favourite sentence "you the only one i talk too"
bc it's true
we need kendrick, paak, flylo, and thundercat on a track together
i dont think humanity is ready for that, much less deserves that
dying is easy, young man, living is harder
nobody knows this better than harambe.
in stl, the police chief abuses street-level cops by not allowing them gas masks when he orders swat to teargas.
low pay? i guess $100k per year is the new wingnut poor.
ever have those days when you just can't stop eating???
sometimes daily
supervisor argues neighborhoods should get to choose what their zoning should be, ie if they want granny flats or not.
"our neighborhd is primarily concerned w/ preserving neighborhd character. things have been proposed that build to the property line" -nimby
because californias laws are different than most us states.he was convicted of sex w/o consent
sex is an inherently consensual act, since sex is defined as a mutually pleasurably act.
he gotta stop putting out these nice songs that are short lol
gotta tease the fans, make em want more lol.
when the uber driver starts up a conversation about fiji winning gold only to end it with "are you married ?" brah geraraa here please
why must you do that ? i was so excited to talk about my country lose hope tale this kinda conversation
*strings two cans together* omg guys what did i miss?!?!?!
i have always wanted a tin can telephone
who should i draw as a fusion next i am thinking of.... and
yay me! *claps with joy*
writing up a post on minuteman missile national historic site. such a cool place! stay tuned.
our writing contest ends 10/1 if you might wish to submit!
also bc it happened in a small tv market in the pre internet era, in a time suicide was still seen as shameful
all the more reason to see it now, then.
i agree this whole election reminds me of pre-wwii germany
hitler told germans he'd make germany great again. he did.as we know, the rest is history.death,death, dead.
quran 33:59 "lengthen their garments. this is better so that they will be recognized and not molested"
the old testament does same &amp; not all jews or christians dress that way cuz they choose not to &amp; some choose to do it
happy birthday bud
thank you lauren i appreciate it
the eventbrite reminder is telling me the grant meeting is on tues...is this a misprint?
, it's an error that we have been working on. the event is tonight at at 6:30pm. apologies for any inconvenience!
i'm exhausted thinking about the effort needed to maintain this attitude. i smudged my mascara thinking about it.
. the times i've slept in my makeup i've woken up looking like the crypt keeper's fussy old auntie
lester holt has chosen 3 broad topic areas for the 1st presidential debate: america's direction. achieving prosperity. securing america.
. sounds like you're skirting softball territory, ; did give you these ideas?
i now know where we stand...
boy hush yo mouth
serenity now
insanity later
hurry up thursday morning so the finale of mr robot goes up for season pass owners
may you get there spoiler free &lt;3 (i'm thinking about heading home early that night and making sure to catch it live lol)
we are very pleased to see step up at summit. my statement here
canada trully lives up to the good of humanity
he has far more. 11 security companies.
trump should have his bodyguards disarmed at this event.
rex grossman been to a sb too. quit bringing up old shit. 37th ranked qb
yea man fuck it..lol
small caps look stupid paired with normal text, they're only useful for s
coincidentally, your face looks stupid paired with normal text but it is good for memes
stolen twitter photo edition.
whyd you have to bring back the lobsterfest snap
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
trump is truly dumber than dirt.
got my vote for best twitter bio! the accuracy doe
just speaking the truth lmao
my 2002 passport photo is mildly bemused.
all of us together look like a shabby meth ring, well done
never heard of this band i just listened to their ep it's sick wish there was less spoken word tho but thank u emo dog mom
i personally love spoken word but to each their own! you are very welcome mr. jewish jet.
i just had someone ask me what my homepage was. what is this 1995?
did you refer them to your geocities page orrrr??
besides tell me how much of an ass the donald is?
i'm really done arguing with y'all about this. do whatever your heart desires in november and stay blessed.
i did this for a long time, but then one of my crushes chased me down, and now he's one of my best friends
that's so nice?!
"our neighborhd is primarily concerned w/ preserving neighborhd character. things have been proposed that build to the property line" -nimby
"i'm from the homeowners association... we are primarily concerned with maintaining the character of our neighborhood."
guys if you don't stop ranting about who can wear a fursuit head where, i'm gonna start making infected mushroom nickelback mashups.
i wasn't ranting about fursuit heads, but i really want to hear this mashup now, do i need to start?
ty ronning is one of those pain in the ass third/fourth liners isn't he?
yessir my favorite
thank you for your support ! :)
thank you for the work you do!
i know right..
but north america is usually lucky because we get more then one tour when it comes to justin
no, only that he was the mathematical play necessary to win based on ownership %s
are you aware how stupid you sound to people who understand how the game is played?
very skeptical thought mam
ga did u both had lunch
this is my favorite part
these two could be actresses. we feel you
because californias laws are different than most us states.he was convicted of sex w/o consent
he "was convicted of sex w/out consent", even tho he only put his finger inside her? say whut?
the emails are just the tip of the iceberg.
i see you a fan of pepe that saids alot
everytime my father talks to me i end up crying because i wish it was different
love you bonita you're always welcome to come home when you wanna get away.
no one bothered to @ me what gives
bc i thought you were sea slug
shit sound trash
lmao it's gross
are you just moving down the coast one city at a time?!
it appears that way, right? i was staying in capitola at a friends house while waiting not new house to be done! all done!
he "was convicted of sex w/out consent", even tho he only put his finger inside her? say whut?
u don't seem to know the turner case at all:
what is going on with this bangs?
oh you know, a pill addiction and living in a drug house and dancing at the place across the st
that's what i was thinking m.
not sure there is much of a fan base there. i would say any local sports bar will have the game.
quran 33:59 "lengthen their garments. this is better so that they will be recognized and not molested"
i actually know many muslims here in nyc who do wear it and many who do not because they choose.
what said. arguing aws is trying to go up the market is not understanding.
what i meant was, going to it from lob. (context: not only public iaas)
here's one of the historic street lamp holding up a major mass transit improment. can you find it in the picture?
i hate buses and love old hardware. guessing i'm not the only one :)
who's ready to watch me and dance tonight? don't forget to vote
i am ready and i cannot wait i am so excited good luck
happy monday! who saw a great this weekend? what'd you see?
funkadelic, flying lotus on friday, trombone shorty, hall &amp; oates on sunday!
i kinda hate her for this tbh like i love y'all but i hate her rn
honestly show her no sympathy she is one of my closest friends and i feel 0 mercy
y'all really think d rose boutta have a good year?
if he stays healthy yea. people who think that he just woke up one day and lost all his talent silly af
video shows bombing suspect ahmad rahami in custody in linden, new jersey.
i bet the order went out to not shoot to kill...need to questioned him. they can pick and choose who they shoot to kill...or lucky.
episode 3 of crafty beggars in the house is tonight at 10pm on featuring the diy doers!
crap bags from nyc!!
embrace bluetooth. you know it makes sense.
oh, i've had bluetooth earbuds i've liked in the past. i just need to find my next pair.
&lt;insert caption here.&gt;
caption: thank god, for offline backups!
the ones that spring to mind would be ffestiniog and talyllyn
ah. thanks! i need to write an itinerary for my travel/tourism class since you live in the country,i've asked you for advice.
stay safe, new yorkers. blessings!
thanks, joann!! staying vigilant!
tsa guy: "can i see your id?" "why is casilla still closing?" "would you please scan your boarding pass again?" "can we catch the dodgers?"
the answers? no &amp; long shot?
this is disgusting
tends to run outlandish articles. a lot of (bad) opinion w/o regard to truth or like here decency
your reaction was literally priceless! love you boo
true friends let them squeeze them to death when they just get out of the shower love u bae
i really like teambuilding. you find an idea you like, and it can consume you with its complexity; you always feel like you're growing.
this 100 times this
blinn parking lot
you getting a police report done?
.: a lot of the rhetoric we've heard from has been seized on by terrorists.
this broad knows less than the other broad . isis loves oblabla so they will love hillarious clingon.
oh, i only host the sha256 sums of the images. one way hashes should be legal. my database is here:
that's fine. we'll host dark copies for historical purposes. just won't distribute.
"i'm from the homeowners association... we are primarily concerned with maintaining the character of our neighborhood."
"the real intention is to stop the construction to lot lines, to maintain the detached character of our neighborhood." -homeowner
my friend and i talked about doing this! it feels really vain at glance but i think it would be extremely helpful
you don't have to make it public if it feels vain, but you must know your value or others will undervalue you wrongly!
why not ?!? lmao you made my top followers ?
i'm very happy ab that. connor is in trouble tho
oh, i only host the sha256 sums of the images. one way hashes should be legal. my database is here:
the long arm of the power glove
back in my day, we were all human beings.
probably should've been an ebooks tweet
craving steak
when aren't you craving food
never know with the bears -- cutler could shred any night but then also throw 4 picks
ya we've been talking about that. what would you do ?
i know i have a cap and shit for mine haha
smart smart thats the way to do it
the gop, where even the "good guys" are pretty bad.
ryan is no good guy, he was part of the "caucus room conspiracy "
thanks, m&amp;f. gr8 new week all!
thanks and a gr8 new week to all!
video shows bombing suspect ahmad rahami in custody in linden, new jersey.
no seven virgins for him.
great chats with the folks at today in napa# tasting highlight their 1st vintage
thanks for joining us, eric!
no one takes those rights, you forfeit them when you kill innocent men woman and children in an act of terrorism. problem?
where in the constitution are rights taken away from american citizens?
and more pictures because we have too many to just pick 4
omg these are so cute love ya sm mom
have a question for , and ? use !
mexico vs usa nov 11th wcq who do you got in this game ?
- so excited to see you in a few hours!
more like see you in. 45 mins - are you at the hotel?
ernest saves christmas was the 1st movie i saw in a real movie theater. before that i had only been to drive in's.
i don't even remember the first movie i saw in theaters. i think it was some disney movie
did you know that your chocolate supreme brownie mix makes no mention what to do w/ the syrup packet in directions on box?
we are working on updating the packaging to include. in the meantime please stir the syrup into the batter before baking. thanks!
that could be the byline of the new james bind movie. it would encourage me to watch it.
"james bond will return in skeptical geese."
girls that have two eyes, a nose and mouth&gt;
girls that have vaginas&gt;
she's dumb she thought my boyfriend was with me
so they wanna watch you make out with your boyfriend ????!
game scared of young thug bro ... his goon pass is revoked bro
after thug wet up wayne tour bus everyone is scared on young thug. he wore a dress and no rapper said shit
i can't believe we leave for our trip in two days! i've gotta get packing! one thing i know i...
have a good ad fund add safe trip
u don't seem to know the turner case at all:
turner was convicted of "sexually penetrating an intoxicated person with a foreign object".
no, but check it friday am!
ok. thanks man!!
nothing says sexy like a photobomb from the hotel crapper.
the lid's up so we know he didn't just call for the deuce.
this got me fucked up
that's been there since forever!!
you can't call educated voters ignorant for not voting the way *you* want, &amp; not expect backlash. be respectful.
lol, you need to bring it down a notch. truly.
when i see a trailer for the new episode of and i'm in it with my mom
tonight is going to be interesting ....!
you cant really be that stupid?
baby boy i'm going to ignore you until you talk to me like a person cuz i've never disrespected u
just when the wound was just about healed, you had to go and reopen it again.
bumped into a replay of that game. worst knicks playoff loss ever, imo.
and you didn't throw my fade smh
i was on the opposite way bro, surprise you didn't hear my exhaust lol.
got 200 days to go to catch hrc record.
you can't bitch about avail if you're not avail.
i'm going to be honest here i don't think newhouse would even be able to block trumps wall lol i think charles brown was better
yup were fortunately we haven't played any good teams yet.
happy birthday to the loml my baddie my hype man all in one! blessed to have you its litty 21!!!
love love love thanks beeh
sean hannity: nyc bombing is a "direct result" of failing to adopt trump's "extreme vetting" policy
it may be a direct result of of trump's inflammatory rhetoric
yeah not every example works, but i guess activists do that no matter the cause right like relate it to what they fight
that strategy applied to animal rights is a little bit like asking why we can't kill jews but we can slaughter cows
you so fine i had to make sure you was reall so i went through your media
lmao omg thank you beautiful i promise i'm real lol
also, he (and his lawyers) know that revealing her identity will allow her to be harassed publicly and possibly dro...
thank you for actually saying this
whoudoit4 - taj mahal ft. haitian remo [video][]
much love appreciate you in london .....
wow she's so real
right , oomf dead the wave
happy birthday sister so happy to have spent the many memories we have together &amp; the many more to come!!
thank you sister blanca love you
connor is unoriginal and gives no effort in his snaps. you should be mad
he's in trouble dw
yeah not every example works, but i guess activists do that no matter the cause right like relate it to what they fight
like there's a point but at the same time..different situation
facesitting etiquette: tuck feet under head, spread cheeks, line up asshole with nose, sit firmly, release cheeks for facial envelopment.
and it just clicked why you like shadbase's comics.
he's "telling people to hate us as a body, as an institution"
try telling the truth! try not bringing on stacked dem guests!
why would people be mad lol you guys won how is that not the best choice?
i know right! 2-0 first time in like a lifetime. they absolutely made the right call
legal terminology becomes obsolete when replaced
but we weren't dealing with legal terminology. we were dealing w/ a def. for data-collection.
lmfaoo i was thinking the same shit
lmfaoo great minds def think alike
. is risking national security by transferring &amp; releasing prisoners. the house just passed legislation to stop him.
but more importantly, every military man must take a class on transgender sensitivity.
jordan is a savage! he's capping on everyone in class
i'm sexually frustrated and dick deprived. can you blame me?
a three-year-old reviews 's first timers lunch:
we'll, what did he s.a.y.?
. i like how we go to arguing, to being nice and agreeing
ahahah i was just fucking around ahah im really tired
excited to share that i'll be joining and the great team at thrive global as managing editor!
congrats! we can't wait to see the amazing work to come! :)
no they don't want me to make out with my boyfriend at all :-)
yes bc humans don't make out
hello, max. let's look into why it is not authenticating. please send a dm my way for further assistance. -sk
my dms are open! you dm me!
"the real intention is to stop the construction to lot lines, to maintain the detached character of our neighborhood." -homeowner
"we've been 25 year homeowners in midtown terrace... there should be community agreement." -homeowner
check out the developments at the philadelphia snowfall measurement site!
kind of a double edge sword. how do you treat all the readings from jersey now?
not invited to sit in the audience or even go to an after party.
wow. that's absurd. one of the best shows on tv rn.
interested in your thoughts on coaching circles and wolcircles
depends what you mean by "coaching circle." (i'd guess, but would probably muff it.) have been thinking of comparing diff grps.
sarah just referred to me as the 'cruella de ville of marymount'
wow didn't know i was bothering u
. i like how we go to arguing, to being nice and agreeing
gotta put on a show you know
the emails are just the tip of the iceberg.
trump foundation can't compare to the clinton's foundation be careful trump foundation being investigated
don't look at this as just another monday...look at today as the day to be your best &amp; do your best...~
agree ! heard tobymac on today" if you gotta start somewhere, why not here. if you gotta start sometime, why not now?"
made a cake for happy birthday!!! started melting by the time we got there :(
that is a beautiful cake :d
donald trump might be president and people need to start thinking about what that would actually look like
no, i don't want to, makes me sick
nbc's lester holt announces the topics for the 9/26 presidential debate: america's direction achieving prosperity securing america
that had to be a busy two minutes to figure those out, huh?
new poll shows nv voters don't like the idea of room taxes for stadium, not thrilled w/legislator who likes it.
but still think so
someone at the san diego airport asked me if i was in the military, i'm gonna take that as a compliment about my posture.
you got a lot of sharp going on
traci man wow you all got signed merch asdfghjkl
i'm so dead im shaking
apparently the dash cam of the officer who shot did not record
so this must be a built in feature or something. *delete recording when sound of gunfire is present*
happy birthday to former gull - part of the club record 998 minutes without conceding a goal
happy birthday indeed. all round top man.
my argument is that committing an act of terror means you forgo your rights as a citizen. you're a terrorist, not a citizen
where in the constitution does it say that?
pure joy of my job: working w/ artists on clever endpapers &amp; case covers for picbooks. 's for moo moo in a tutu are *genius*
thank-you, i'm 'moo-ved' by your kind words! i'm so excited for readers to discover the surprise of what's hiding under the jacket!
question for debate: "mr. trump, do you believe all people are created equal and have inalienable rights?"
well emil that's a terrific idea, the best idea but pretty naive of you to consort with sharia law dummy, you dummy.
trump out of context: "great job president obama, great job."
i like how you did that. something being taken out of context has always irked me. i like bringing to attn.
w h e n dreams of rings of flowers fade
i never said that i was brave just pls do me a solid and play silencer//the sun and the moon on 8/15 ct or 8/18 nyc
sending a special thanks to for supporting me through this journey!!
you deserve all the support you can have
psssst, black magick is still going strong.
there's been an awakening.... have you felt it?
what difficulty is everyone playing on in 17?
idk if it's just me, but it's so hard to run plays this year.
yess we're not going to see justin for a very long time after the tour here :((
i know i have a feeling it's because he lives in north america so it's easier for him to do more then one tour
think what they would be doing if hrc got it???
ya jim im trying 2 stay focused on doing wise &amp; negatives of their &amp; truth of right winning can be a &amp; motivating
pretty straight forward actually
it's 3-0 when we conceded, not a big deal. talisca was a moment of magic for him. i'm not worried about it
how do you write a 1500 word essay comparing a thing to california?? i ran out of things to say
comparing what
wait till we play the bengals, pittsburgh, and the ravens d
gonna be some tough games
once a standout high school wide receiver, we see how trill would fare in the nfl in a game of !
y'all bored as hell
am i alone in thinking metal machine music's kind of a rip-off? i mean, only 16 minutes a side. that's pretty short.
think of the replay value. as much fun to listen to the 100th time as it was the first.
thanks johnny cueto for the tips. best first pitch i've ever done
thanks for being gigante! i want you to st
i can change my band
coo! that's all i needed to know
conman yells at black community he betrayed like they're idiots ...
legacy? what legacy??!
i hope you and all your friends are ok in manhattan after what's happened over the last couple of days xx
thank you for thinking of me
the fraternal order of police endorsed trump today. i will never give to another benefit as long as i live. police supporting a fascist.
majority of police man these days are racist assholes!in trump they find a hero, who will advance their racist agenda!
game out here coppin pleas lmao all he wanted was attention lmaoooooooo
he still ain't figure drake out though lol, meek did his thing against game but he ain't give us shit for drake yet
amazing, only in pc america.... "a pressure cooker with wires"... you mean a bomb?!?!
u can't make this delusional stuff up!
for the first time in internet history i'm glad to live in germany, but sad that i'm not 15 anymore
you should stop by the workshop and help out! :) i'm sure they'd be happy to have you
nbc's lester holt announces the topics for the 9/26 presidential debate: america's direction achieving prosperity securing america
afterwards, dump calls these "gotcha" questions.
i saw return of the jedi, muppets take manhattan, aliens, and halloween 4 at the drive in.
i once saw a print of my bloody valentine on the big screen. boom, i win
what about vets?
nope, these guys clearly don't care about puppies
agreed, oh btw (random but) i was near nyu and i didn't eat at the sushi burrito place and i regret it so much
that is a separate human rights issue; everyone deserves at least one sushi burrito
"i need three cookies conveniently placed on a napkin on my end table" bitch bye
sounds like they need a foot conveniently placed up their ass
.: pressure cooker ied hallmark of terror
yes it is! they don't use it to cook pork!
i actually haven't had a drink for quite some time, but today i'm feeling like i might need one...or ten.
not much of a drinker myself, but my sadness about this news manifested as a spoon in a peanut jar. hugs to you.
its also cause of the united nations assembly
just walked through all of that. pretty wild
"they want her so badly to be your president, you have no idea" trump says of isis and clinton. isis is on record as pro-trump.
problem is trumpkins are on the record as believing anything trump says. even when self-contradictory.
manufacturing cars is the ultimate team sport. culture is everything. this kind of thing is not a good sign --&gt;
wow i've been missing out by not having an instagram account
no prime for me wrek ain't waking up
he will be up trust me
trump's thesis today: "immigration security is national security." hitting clinton for "open borders policy."
could trump please relate clinton's "open borders policy" to any terror events?
trump on isis: "oooh, they want her so badly... they want her so badly to be your president you have no idea. it will be a field day."
in his usual "i know you are but what am i" approach:
omg you guyz
so what should our meth ring be called? manny yr obviously the leader since yrs is kinda normal.
wearing a cover is adherence to sharia law. do you know what else that includes?
yes but you asked her who also said "she doesn't have to" which means she understands choice and is choosing to wear
run a piece critical of and immediately "somebody" tries to hack my twitter account. weird.
i know people that have been ukrainian activists for years. as soon as they went anti-trump, anti-manafort they got hacked bad
crush. ing. it!!!! thanks
i won't believe it until we get a "you're doing the lord's work" from .
happy monday! i feel like this is my most important job...the undoing. you feel me?!...
happy monday
ugh mine was suuuuper slow at first too! ugh yes that does suck :(
i do like the keyboard clicks better tho
fbi captures 28-year-old afghan-american connected to nyc bombing
terrorists should be executed! they want to die for their virgins anyway, so let's speed the process.
wayne becomes a c list rapper on the shelf with the rest of new def jam under jay's regime. right next to young gunz
nah don't agree with that, but him staying with cash money was a better move
would it be inappropriate to ad "can finish a whole bottle of wine by myself" to the skills section of my resume?
it applies if you add a series of bullet points w/it. example: "...in a timely manner."
now pay attention; the comments he made about mexicans being rapists &amp; murderers, comments about judge curiel more
hey dude b4 mouthing off know your facts: he was quoting from fusion magazine, a latino publication
cool, what does this mean?
this is a good backgrounder:
meek &amp; isaiah rashad in my ears only .. balance
your nipsey phase over ?
pinche cochina
lmao i wanted to laugh so hard my fave was so red
oh no, trying again! thank you my friends!
just rted and flagged my favorite organizer
never thought he played anywhere but pittsburgh
spent part of childhood in the area.
"the real intention is to stop the construction to lot lines, to maintain the detached character of our neighborhood." -homeowner
"i'm a native sf and my husband and i bought our home in 1999. it's clear the neighborhood wants this zoning correction made."
would it be inappropriate to ad "can finish a whole bottle of wine by myself" to the skills section of my resume?
"...without getting sloppy/buzzed even remotely."
"if they want to come into our country they have to love us" --&gt; crowd chants "u-s-a"
absolutely! love us or leave us!
the linden, nj police proved today that it is possible to detain someone, without killing them.
someone in authority said "take him alive".
always, doll. once a new yorker......
can take the person out of nyc, but...
tag yourself in the new s2 cast shot (i'm hester, obviously)
i feel so strongly about this
and start selling them
memory's fuzzy but i think i saw them on sale at once
can't wait to go to ac saturday night!
gonna put 50 on red?
dwight little. my friend and brother. last epp of for the series. true. respect. art. love ya
i am actually crying. what is life without bones?
video shows bombing suspect ahmad rahami in custody in linden, new jersey.
anyway..that was quick i got the alert on my phone. we need more cameras.
please email us at support.com or call us at your earliest convenience so we can better assist you.
what's your support phone number?
always, doll. once a new yorker......
...never take the nyc out of a person!
ahh, i thought it was micro doses of psychobilin.
i found the cubes to be a useful first stage bootloader before i go get my morning coffee
when you start kissing on her neck
i wanna touch it
logically, thats not a terrible question lol. but nobody would ever ask a straight dude if he needed sex with a man to know he wasn't gay
thats not even the quote though, extremely misleading headline
mzarek with the save of the tournament on josi. holy smokes.
and then.....
lmao why oreo face?
lmfaaoooooo let me delete that before ppl think that's racist
it would certainly be better than the last james bond which was a piece of nonsense.
i liked specter. in some ways, i liked it better than skyfall, which sometimes was so downbeat, it felt like i was
one of the savviest, smartest people i know came into work today and legit claimed she felt weird because "mercury is in retrograde."
i have a guess but i'm not going to say
why the fuck did i have to hear that nick jonas song today?!
what is wrong bro??
whos willie? wat season
willie season 14 charming redneck wo tried to go to dr lost his cool merely bumped joe and hurt him
this happened today. thanks for not leaving a note
wow you got tall figured out! super bummer though :( i guess that's why we have insurance
it would certainly be better than the last james bond which was a piece of nonsense.
dragging it across the finish line.
no use in saying how i'm sorry so i'm trying not to speak i'll sing in silence as i lay beside you with my face against your cheek
omg i was just typing this out, you beat me to it
tonight, tune into the outdoor channel at 5.30pm et to catch the uncharted season 3 'best of' show!
time to watch the baddest man alive
also on i loved the new flesh podcast from &amp; , with the wonderful :
great podcast! congratz! thanks2all who subscribed to troma now!
lmao why oreo face?
that meme when it's like girls suck @ flirting n he said he was eating oreos nvm
cool, what does this mean?
it is like a crowd photo of the virtual eij16 twitter conversation, it highlights key people, groups and topics.
well, i didn't upload it -- all credit to the lovely op who went to the trouble!
it made my dreary monday less dreary!
yes, there's a connection.
the connection is that obama is potus !!
your twitter moniker is miss knowledge &amp; you're asking how has voting helped blacks "in the past or present"? fam,...
do your homework before you step to roland.
all the time when i lived in nyc
feel like everyone stopped using it and use other platforms now
those are nice shelves too.. what and where can i get them?
those are ikea besta cabinets w sindvik glass doors &amp; dioder led light strips mounted inside. we have the same setup in our home
put dark chocolate in front of anything and it'll still probably be delicious.
dark chocolate cheddar.
nyc folks! meet at juniper bar on 10/6 and learn about how it's the economy's fault that our dating liv...
thanks for inviting me!
hanging with my main man watching the football game yesterday
at first glance, from that pervasive angle, i thought myself, "damn, my girl goin' full blonde bush these days."
would it be inappropriate to ad "can finish a whole bottle of wine by myself" to the skills section of my resume?
"...and it improves my (as in your) conversational skills." and that one segues into "great conversational skills."
ditto dickey
is it worth it, let me work it. i put my thing down, flip it and reverse it:
thanks...wishing everyone a marvelous monday!
cheers :0 2 all...
i am immune to all forms of clickbait except "you won't believe what 80s star _______ looks like now."
that stuff kills. also, i prefer "marketed content" to "clickbait"
willie season 14 charming redneck wo tried to go to dr lost his cool merely bumped joe and hurt him
hes actually a really nice guy all about family and friends always talks to fans
omg it's raining in hollywood.
that is something you've never experienced miss liz? lol
well i play slot but our backs got injured so they threw me in there
you're doing alright just keep your your vision open
i'd buy a ceramic iphone.
us too! maybe next year.
war pain wasn't fire? "you ain't write it don't record it i don't know how they getting down cross the border"
weak lol i listened to it one time and never revisited it. just cause he's exposing him don't mean it's a fire track/diss
stat corrections are almost always 1 point
ok good to know. 2 of those and i lose . so torn smh.
look what i found on the bookshelves at work...
wow where is this?
"i'm a native sf and my husband and i bought our home in 1999. it's clear the neighborhood wants this zoning correction made."
"this is about maintaining our character. ..&amp; avoid people being able to run to the planning department to get permits." -homeowner
returns! prosectors to jury today: knew! never ! i'm w/
i had a gut feeling he knew all along! ugh
if you put sugar in your spaghetti you gotta be retarded
rt ": if you put sugar in your spaghetti you gotta be retarded"
and if no billion $ arena for isles then "leverage" for bc upgrades is garbage especially if they aren't going back to new nvmc.
you're losing me. you want them be happy and to do nothing and just stay at barclays?
i be tryna see if every white acura is you, you stay in the bx now though.
lmfaoo there's an easy way to tell if it's me. black rims, lowered &amp; exhaust. mostly come to newburgh on weekends only also
raindrops. not exactly rain, but raindrops in pasadena.
got some here too
someone tried stealing a monster, i called him a scumbag and made him put it back and refused to let him pay for it.
welcome to faber
woulda been great had the sound guy not sabotaged their set. look like mjf trying to be progressive and bring in new artists...
sorry, auto correct messed that up. not but
marty played in the aba
i'm almost old enough, but have white man's disease-two inch vertical!
worth the read. college gives 6x more funding to democrats than republicans via
wow! no words.
what's that even mean?!
image search "sharp style"
next time a brain dead liberal or a muslim tells you that the majority in islam are peaceful, tell em this!
thank u brigitte 4 ur facts. these folks, do noth...
. amen, josh! terrorists have the right to bear arms too and these left-wing pinkos don't get it. thanks for your support!
your legislation only infringed upon the rights of the law abiding.
try out the toby tab management extension!
i bet organized my crashed tabs will help! :)
happy birthday. may bey's blessings rain down on you like...
thank you
day date with nails and panera and shopping of course, now waiting for date night with and our guys
loved our day together!!
just something to keep an eye on. i'm not too worried about it yet
we're top of the league above the other shit lot
sep19ts4 quote tweet with and
sep19ts4 reply with
"i should be a newscaster": takes credit for "bomb" call | ap photo
that isn't newscasting,that is being psychic
so i finally walked all 3km needed for squirtle to give me a candy in pokmon go. it found one. one. one candy for walking 3km are you srs
i have a magicarp which gives one candy for 1km
hookup a real tonight @
i want some of that chocolate please
i know, its hard for him..
yeah but at least you get to see him
stop tweeting and give me attention omg
how funny is that twiz
a brief excerpt from my birthday gift to
idk how i just saw this
omg moosh tho!!!!!
i was racking my brain trying to find an actually relatable gay teen character and then it hit me
looking for trump's field offices in florida? good luck with that. via
but if he wins fl it will the incredible deplorables' credit
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
you are so stupid. he was 7 years old. do you even have a plan ? tough talk about a kid dumbo.
bruh you gonna regret this lmao
probably but too late now
drake dm joe budden cmon lol he's bitch made
we knew he was bitch made from day one lol but he makes shit we love "we" timmy as in we got the tweets
why people hate me : 75% - bandwagon/just because i blocked them/no reason , 25% - unresolved hs drama
i know 100% someone will screenshot that and gossip about it to someone , just watch
we visiting berkeley where lil b is from n its gonna be magical.
u gotta try top dog, some good food, lil b has been there in one of his music videos too
a [not very young] girl with pigtails enters a funeral home. there is a coffin. she opens the coffin.
the rosiest, most vibrant and alive middle aged man falls out of the coffin and they just get it on immediately.
the difference between "remote" and "remote-first"
i'm presenting on remote work/culture and leadership at on wednesday in nyc
don't be shallow boo ! short niggas got long peens i heard
i am being an aquarius about it. it is big lmfao i mean like but he wants to take me out and that means something.
and then she would still be fighting amanda or pena. so whats the difference if amanda and pena fight first at 205
perhaps its her objective to beat nunes then go after pena. she wants both wins.
it's a full moon and i'm on my period i'll be werewolfed within the hour.
holy shit i was/am too!
can you just buy my the bb-8 because now that i know it exists, i must have it
that one is $25 and the regular other is $9 both on amazon. if we don't win i'll definitely buy you a...
selling this account. dm for price
nobody would want your account even if it was free
people write about black twitter like its mlk. i'm so tired.
what's that line.... "die a hero or live long enough to be the villain?"
basie...5 bars = all of kanye's dross. cheers.
listen to this it will make you happy
get your tickets now! 20% off with this code mm16nynow
i got really excited for like 10 seconds about meeting magneto. foh
"i'm a native sf and my husband and i bought our home in 1999. it's clear the neighborhood wants this zoning correction made."
"what we would be saying here is wealthy homeowners should get to keep their home values high." -
i'm never opposed to such a thing hehe
yasss this will be in planning very very soon
because it's ok when a white guy does it: "emperor trump" plans to sign 25 executive orders on his first day
it won't happen!!!
debug&gt; [1001, 101, 1, 2].sort() [ 1, 1001, 101, 2 ] thanks to all the wonderful trolls who designed js. wasted 3 hours of my life.
this is expected behaviour as per spec !
hey, ...we show the crowds here at rsbn- and you don't even have to ask!
make america strong again!
is literally the weirdest thing i've ever watched but i am so addicted
i need to watch it! my sis loves it
because you're a big kid
babar is an absolute hero! seeing this is a massive trip down memory lane! em the nostalgia is off the charts!!
get rid of that pesky neck pickup
but those knobs o_o
famous goes to :) he's my
best supporter of the day
so, this stock photo exists...
texting that to my college roommate immediately.
it was carson wentz.
yep! piss test.
1976: rash of bombings by immigrants. 1976: ford doesn't call to have them all rounded up during election campaign.
just imagine trump calling for deportations after all the puerto rican nationalist bombings in the 70s.
must be on the same meds as hillary ! i'm only watching to see if she can stand for 2 hours with out having a seiz...
steve r u on drugs 1 hrc is a poor public speaker 2 she panic's w/no teleprompter 3. she's a criminal who takes her seriously?
"i'm going to unleash american energy. even your electric will be a lot less, i hope," trump says in fort myers, florida.
gas bill lower too? no more sorrow or pain?
more reasonable than today's ny wea alert: needs to find the video of this skeptical dog. help him
we need to get an entire newsroom on this immediately
if you're pants aren't cuffed, do you really go to tisch?
i'm upset because i thought this was mildly funny but now i realize it has a typo but i cant delete it now because it has 6 likes
so much fucking ignorance its amusing.
knows you're stupid.
lol we new yorkers have radar!
indeed we do!!
these are ugly af
saw someone wearing these in public, i think at the mall the other day
my eyes never left the road, just pressed the button whenever it vibrated.
wait, what the hell? you press the button and it just auto flings a ball for you?
meet a delicious homely tonight nearby you @
are you sharing?
my argument is that committing an act of terror means you forgo your rights as a citizen. you're a terrorist, not a citizen
your argument is that in order to beat terrorists, we must act like them. our civilization would end with that kind of thinking.
trump bemoans bombing suspect getting hospital care, lawyer
and the man is an american citizen
presser...three questions and back on the plane to nap! she only represents the failures of the current admin.
too sick and tired and exhausted!
that's true that was the wack part but i respect niggas for telling the truth n that's what meek did drake a fraud
you what i started thinking about has drake ever said he writes all his shit? i'm not being funny i'm dead serious
stylishly showing off pokmon go plus or playing it cool while getting punched in the face?
appreciating a piece of art in the distance as someone triumphantly raises their fist in front of you.
release the benghazi emails!
release your tax returns and foreign business connections.
it it looks like a bomb, explodes like a bomb, guess what? it's a bomb. what are we to call it, a firecracker?
cnn spokesman said it may have a cherry bomb last night !!
he really is jon quick
nope, quick has a shittier coach
ah, thanks for the correction.
it's largely experimental. we'll see if it works out.
debating if i should visit another state.
visit another country.
happy birthday to the blondie to my joan jett here's a flash back pic of us.
which is which miss paige. to be honest you both look like ?
first time being sick at college and man, does it suck
dude same i've been sick since the first day
i need to see thursday.
what's thursday? lmao
would you guys mind if i posted animorphs spoilers as i read through these books?
my vote created a conflict.
hello hello is gonna go hard as fuck carti money bandz
"telly&amp;tats on my neck and my arm"
i'm looking at this old trump tweet that just shared, &amp; having trouble processing all the layers.
why do i get the feeling cheetonazi tortured small animals as a child?
massive protest against 's and 's bombing of blocks traffic in london
a moment i thought what? really? you mean they really mean stop the war? then i looked at the photo, just some wars.
4 months i miss this show/day/vacation so much
we gotta talk ab how accurate this is to the recording bc its almost scary
the officer who killed eric garner got a big raise. the man who filmed him is in jail.
so just kill the officer who killed eric garner. eye for an eye!
"impulse buys"
yes. that's about right.
so overwhelmed by all your kind comments regarding nacin espn on e2. i only hope to make you, my fellow writers, proud. this one's for you!
what day will it be in?? i need to see it!
i cannot agree more, unless i exploded mid-way through, then i'd rather not.
i think it's definitely worth the risk
bacon would be such a waste. whole-roasted suckling pig. ;)
that sounds awesome and a nice scotch too!
yeah at least this...
yeah so you should be grateful
yea i ain't gon front nwts my fav project from him but when i found out he ain't write everything voided
i mean a lot of our favorites get help bro lol it just wasn't leaked
fml the cutest guy in this sociology class is like 3 inches shorter than me wtffff
superficial
so while everybody is getting their new iphones today says mines not coming till november. even as one of the early preorders.
i feel you. that's why i wrote this
philly fraternal order of police: hillary clinton 'disregarded and blew the police off'
no surprise! she supports blm!
i wasn't aware that you knew me/of me (i'm flattered!), but i've definitely followed your awesome work for years now.
nobody makes themselves familiar with the philosophy behind higan and walks away the same.
disneyland during halloween
when we going
excited for the to honor , , and at our global citizen awards!
. very glad you are not honoring gabon's dictator tonight and hope you rescind his global citizen award!
correct. throwing the ball from well inside your own 20 with 13 seconds left in half is not a good cost/benefit analysis.
oof. just watched. jameis was rattled on that 1:40 drive.
scu selling $50 tickets for drake &amp; future on saturday
buy them!!! it's worth it
i'm proud to support a team that's proud of america.
absolutely! go royals!
getting quite excited about a cover i'm coloring right now! unfortunately you'll probably have to wait a month or so to see it ;)
(it's a moon girl and devil dinosaur cover)
. camp bashes priebus, warning of national gop "wipeout" | ap photo
honor your pledge!!!!
stream it on twitch so you can get banned.
i'm ready to be an outlaw
god dammit of all the people i expect to delete a tweet, you weren't one of them. have a random out of context gif anyway :)
i forgot to link the video.
trump - has clinton ever described islamic terrorists as "deplorable/irredeemable" or does she just reserve those words for our supporters?
and loving patriotic americans
bought 2 vip tickets to see sept 28 in mountainview, ca. but i just bought 2 more for fresno. anybody wants the mountainview ones?
do you still have them?
it doesn't i was saying that was my stance.
your stance is to overhaul the united states constitution?
babezzzzzzz!!! yassssss girl power! i would love to share my story with you to empower go-getter girls on your blog! let's chat?!
yes yes yassss everything about this! e-mail me babe &amp; let's chat!: shannon.com
correct. throwing the ball from well inside your own 20 with 13 seconds left in half is not a good cost/benefit analysis.
sitting in cover 2 all day and waiting for the to obliterate chris conte also wasn't wise.
"what we would be saying here is wealthy homeowners should get to keep their home values high." -
"we've seen at least 2 examples of people building large homes... it's a zoning correction." -homeowner
and i'm wearin' roller skates. ;-)
"down at our rendezvous" and "through the courtesy of fred's 2 feet" were my earliest struggles.
and the other 20%?
they don't all get cancer. duh
continue to combat suicide among troops and veterans iraq and afghanistan veterans of america (iava) ...
bring our troops home..
wow it must be real cold in hell right now. my dad called me &amp; actually asked about my mate, was interested in our life. ^v^
that's absolutely wonderful to hear!
i asked census about all the new priv ins gains - they said ppl on medicare might be counting ma and medigap plans...
for 2014? in toto,of the 7.2 million people said to gain government insurance, just 1.3 million were over 65.
what league is this, not sure if i wanna give you advice lol
yahoo lol. horns team spazzed out this weekend my gosh
i'm so excited for the all new make up i just bought
i need to do my brows amd invest in a good liner, good eyebrow pencil, and some mascara.
so you won't be home for new years.
perhaps new year's eve? ;-d
excited &amp; scared &amp; happy because i am now a full time musician
congrats man. huge step
rahami "vacationed" several times in afghanistan, majored in "criminal justice reform." he imported a wife here from middle east.
where the hell is she?
when you become a candidate for a position you make a commitment, maybe its best you do leave if you cant hold promise to that commitment.
i mean, you became ss director and left for italy.
? ? i was rt'ing you has always been my mo
so sorry, that was directed at who included both of us in her tweet
you guys have the harry potter franchise. i have hallmark christmas movies.
see, this is what should have been on that buzzfeed quiz
girl think they be doing something tho! niggas not proving shit
lol but they he'lol beat your ass so stfu gotta obey them
i miss you too! are you doing anything this coming weekend?
i have work but you should come up friday night :)
basie...5 bars = all of kanye's dross. cheers.
try this one too
paul has learned to be grateful from bb bc of missing parents, etc. welcome to james whole life, paul.
would love to see paul have to go thru life like james did
when are you back? im all alone
i'm not entirely sure right now
looks like we might could be teleworking four days a week by the time i start teleworking in november!!!
nice! congrats!
disneyland during halloween
when we going
i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies. let's make america great again!
go too hell donald duck ur a phony and a racists pig!!
pinche josh
i'm so fucking dead
sweetness cuts the heat in the best way
they actually have that exact pizza on campus they call it tijuana lmao
lol i stared at the mirror real hard and realized how ugly i am; someone send help, thx
sending help: ur rly cute
what is your motto in life, adn? reply/qrt
"there's always something to be grateful for!"
thanks for visiting, virgina! it was lovely to meet you.
thank you! loved visiting - you have a great team &amp; beautiful space. more to come on a favorite drink there soon!
trump on captured bomber: "the bad part...he will get best medical treatment, hospital rooms service, good lawyers...what a sad situation"
again, reveals to all that he clearly has not read the constitution.
i asked census about all the new priv ins gains - they said ppl on medicare might be counting ma and medigap plans...
... that's in keeping, isn't it, with 's thought about managed medicaid enrollees.
"i have a question: why aren't you watching mob psycho 100 right now?"
cause i already watched it two
where is a god damn time-traveling delorean when you need one?
go oldschool.
got a package at school today thinking it was the tapestry i ordered, it was another textbook.
shut the freak up
why don't more people show touch it love? the best drop literally makes me feel like i'm c*mm*ng while huffing p*pp*rs on m*ll*.
i'm pretty sure doing that could kill you.
i was continue drawing but then... hunger...
get a husbando to feed you while you are drawing!
i'm not entirely sure right now
says manhattan on your tweet
dear "internet fitness trainer": impress me with photos of your clients, not you.
run with me!
lmaooooo give it a day or two damn! lol
you lied to me see like look at that emoji lmao don't even look like it used to!!
facts don't care about your feelings.
but wisdom cares about both facts and feelings.
on the off chance you're interested in real, science based vaccine info, check here:
oh you're paid shill blog. no thanks
josh earnest claims isis "war of narratives"; fox host destroys him in one sentence
is only the shamwwwowww's frontman. whether it's josh, earnest isn't really my surname, or it's alll h.s.
if you our pages please come and join our to be the first to find out our latest news! thanks!
thanks to you, too.
jimmy vesey might be good at hockey, or least good at prospect tournaments
who are you more excited about vesey or buch, and i'm talking next 3-5 years, not just this season?
my recent fb status in honor of . i baited the hell outta my friends. it doesn't get anymore simpler
brilliant! punches hypocrisy right in the face!
where do i start watching community at if i just care about starting when it's funny
it didn't age well, watching mwc now is like playing duke nukem forever
girl think they be doing something tho! niggas not proving shit
but that he'll beat your ass so stfu and listen got bitches straight obeying them
booking sessions &amp; paid shoots in virginia beach on 9/22, raleigh 9/23-24 &amp; sacramento in october. deposits &amp; references req. email in bio
how are you this monday cheyenne?
uri base caught off-guard despite specific intel? army investigates
we must admit terrorist are all time alert attacking our army deadly in return our army revenge appearing unequal as if not alert?
a sad one since you're a leafs fan :)
she shoots an scores!
trump claims terrorists 'hoping &amp; praying' clinton gets elected (contra what all monitor terrorist chatter says)
. call it deflection politics.
i'm glad we can measure hashrate and block height and we don't need trademark laws
never thought about hashrate as ip fingerprint.. interesting take on it.
. i never thought i'd be the enemy within but satan kept his secret all too well where do i begin now that we're at the end
sorry i had to go but jack how many hillarys can you run over from one podium?
people who know me and my "tolerances," do i need to see any of the encores shows this year?
need is a hard word. i'd say golden apple, if any.
the first 5 of top 25 players. 25 giannis antetokounmpo 24 isaiah thomas 23 karl-anthony towns 22 john wall 21 carmelo anthony
isaiah thomas is top 40, at best! yall trippin
i would travel to the moon and back for
thanks for your submission, ryan! loving the support for . stay tuned for our announcement!
i was concerned that i had adjusted to a cooler climate, and would struggle when moving back to the south and the warmth.
however it is approximately 70 degrees out and i had the window open and am now wrapped in blankets freezing so...i'm ok.
till you half way kill him
all fun and games and you dead ; then you gotta kill they ugly ass moms too
lots of untruthful fearmongering and agenda-based propagandizing, anyway.
lots of paid bs science. there's no need for an hpv vaccine. none!
why do they have your home phone number?
she has my cell. generally doesn't use it often or abuse it.
i feel like this tweet should have done way better than it did
you and me both
melo having something to do with lin's exit here is a complete fabrication of what actually happened.
would disagree.. he actually spoke to players.. did you? amare ?
bh cosmetics! look some of their stuff up
i know them. i actually have a lot of makeup knowledge i just don't have the will to invest lol
babies cuddling
harry's on the left :)
uuugh i hate in love stories where one half of the couple thinks the other half is dead, then they are alive and it's like "you traitor"
the 3rd act misunderstanding is the stupidest trope
when he says he loves u and only you
fuck guys they don't know what love is
- 8 yrs post diagnosis, tried meds 3x, the last round landed me in the er, i've been med free since.
,thinking about doing that myself
or a total ban on anyone connected to a religion that incites violence among their followers.
yah. dude in colorado last year was spouting gop talking points and then gets labeled insane. ooook.
this christmas time by damian mcginty check it out
i already preorder two copies-one for me and one for my friend. it's her christmas present.
it's a 3 day rock concert. no nature involved lol
still, coke is a dirty and sketchy drug - no fun at concerts whereas mushrooms are - do your thing though.
i said this to earlier
amazing how dumb people are and how they let the media dictate how they should think. go kentucky!
phil "scrap iron" garner 4.30.92 vs. pirates, his former team
he hit a grand slam in the fourth inning that day, but it wasn't a walk-off and the game was on road, so walk-off impossible.
why does replacing a symbol lead to change in size? tried stretch, pin to corner.. nothing seems to work.
in many cases it makes sense to retain the original size but in some it's useful to have the right substitute symbol size.
i don't claim to understand motives behind harmful antiscience antivax fearmongers.
completely morally bankrupt.
. thanks for putting me on to "you'll be back"- . listening over+over...
are you sure the chorus to "you'll be back" goes "da ya da" and not "die ya duh"?
no i want out i'm not with it, i have to be in control
not fully in control but listen alittle bit , like respect me
of note. they deleted my comment asking if any of the proceeds were going to big's family.
same shit i said when 40 oz van made that 9/11 hat.
lmao text someone!! you'll see how cool it is haha
i haven't figured out all that stuff lol it look complicated
thankq for update!rt: wow, the winds came up quick in west hills! dark clouds, windy warm!
you are so qute miss maria lol
those pants are to big my guy
ever thought maybe my timbs push them up a lot more
thankfully, hard working local police captured the suspected nyc/ny bomber rather quickly. great job.
need to keep gitmo open!!!!!!!
ok let's see trumps accomplishments? you can even give me the trump foundation accomplishments.
has been a private citizen until july, 2015. 's 30+ years as a 'public servant' is 'riddled.'
exactly ari nigga got cooked on records but he dm'n joe talking bout you ok mind you he dissed him first lmao
meek did some sensitive shit too lol he thought drake was taking shots, dj drama told him he didn't even write it lol
the beatles
this isn't a weird answer, it's from i am sam
no foreal whom ever
lol whole family , fuck them kids too they came from you
when u confirm ur parents worst fears of becoming an sjw by going to school in san francisco
he was sayin some stuff about black folx &amp; i was like dad just cause you got black friends doesn't mean you can say that stuff!
he's trying to salvage his place in history.
he already has a place behind jimmy carter who gave us 16% mortgages, gas lines &amp; am hostages
does it chorizo on it? local spot does that and it's fuckkng siiiiiik
yes!! fire af tru
nic paul talkin about family values. lol
what values
fuckkkkkk you turned her into a beast bro, shes beautiful
thanks man, you're beautiful too lmfaoo
seriously its hot
you're basically in the desert
i'd be bolt. losing them quick and easy.
i'd be lochte cause i'd say i lost it but i actually have em
burrowes or just coincidence?
??? what do u mean?
i think when you get put in the "best rapper talk" you should be writing all your shit lol
i agree 100% kendrick is the best rapper out to me
how it could been,only if the b12 has not allowed texas manipulate with chuck nienas ,and added louisvlle,cincy,wvu and uconn,tcu
imagine if those schools and houston were all in the american still right now...
he was sayin some stuff about black folx &amp; i was like dad just cause you got black friends doesn't mean you can say that stuff!
and then i said it's like sayin something homophobic cause your daughter is queer. and he lost his shit at the q word
whoa whoa whoa. ivy is hands down
ivy's good! my third fave. nikes is amazing
"chal me 50+ when i'm with evil apple and creator" - hated
nice in lite get shit on
1. bad 2. make great deals 3. wall can we call off the debate now?
nbc u suck,let stein "debate"
brought back to hospital after a calamitous fall. paralyzed leg went sideways. rescue team leana &amp; xavier were fantastic. in er trauma.
oh no! be safe and heal quickly
see ? the key here being that it gets cooked. cooked! it's not a hard concept
i never fucken said i didn't want it cooked so stop fucken twisting my words you damn trump fanatic!
some roses are red, there are all different kinds,
i told japan i can save about 50% of these virgins and they haven't gotten back to me yet
a genx-near boomer here who wants join the party. you're all terrific (&amp; so is !)
welcome to inter-age coalition. men, women, white, poc. liberal but not alt.left
going for the degrom hat/hair giveaway look without the wig. haven't had a cut since the world series.
haven't cut mine since the day prior to t7la's first outing. waiting for a ws championship.
see that the problem w hillary besides lying, hillary &amp; obama can't see the real truth because they can't identify the enemy
but, ...but, they did identify the enemy. the enemy is "the deplorables".
"trump would be restrained by congress and lose in 2020" is prob the message i hear most from green voters
what about scotus, 2-3 vacanies.
. camp bashes priebus, warning of national gop "wipeout" | ap photo
gop had gone to the dark side period.
so if you are a cop and you are telling someone to get on the ground and they won't comply and continue toward their vehicle
there's different ways to assess a situation ny police were in a shootout with a terrorist and he was taken alive come on
.: "is anybody in this room surprised that many [gitmo] detainees are returning to the battlefield, &amp; some immediately?"
just part of deal for donations.
i new it his soft n tryna stay relevant smh another
yup exactly
"we've seen at least 2 examples of people building large homes... it's a zoning correction." -homeowner
"we can't afford any opportunities to add more units. ... more square footage for living is more sq ft for living."
which fic?
i liked the story enough to finish it
oh shit
he just got 6-1d 3rd map ran over plus ofr kid is ass
says manhattan on your tweet
velocity conf!
don't expect the leftists to understand the snake parable. they will be scratching their heads in feigned confusion.
they r amoral&amp;the sad part is because...
live and let die was my favourite. total hokum but fantastic signature tune and great opening scene.
i saw that in a drive-in with my family when it came out! it's hard to pick a fave. goldfinger probably. i liked
literally what i'm looking at rn!
i would fly to cali just to ride in that car with you
meek did some sensitive shit too lol he thought drake was taking shots, dj drama told him he didn't even write it lol
so then meek takes that and as ammo and gets in his feelings when drake don't support his album on ig lol
is currently experiencing departure delays between 46 mins and 1 hr due to tm initiatives:swap:wx
is currently experiencing departure delays between 31 mins and 45 mins due to tm initiatives:swap:wx
did you say senator &amp; sec of state? funny you should ask.no wonder she is tired.
tired? is 'tired,' b/c she's having a hard time covering up all the lies, deceit &amp; deception
"how new relic infrastructure's native aws ec2 monitoring makes life easier for ops" -
thanks for the rt!
that's good you can focus better in class lol
all i was focusing on was my phone
selling a pair of blink-182 tickets for the mountain view show sept. 28. dm me for deets.
what kind of tickets?
burrowes or just coincidence?
i use my real name. i have nothing to hide. i say what i mean &amp; i mean what i say. always have.
it's ironic that the b12 needs quality wins against p5 schools and cincy, uconn, uh and byu all have one.
usf and east carolina have wins over p5s too!
wow i read this as "want to get away natey?" and was slightly creeped out that they would call you natey...
me and them go way back
she's choosing sharia law. aren't you gay? do you understand sharia?
yes i do. it's her life to live how she wants. i don't have to approve it. she's not affecting me when she does then
fuck. i have a new congestion algo to study
lolz, i know :-) clever clever stuff tho, and quite obvious in retrospect... (as are most awesome things...)
first comes budget cuts, then comes the sale of the company. what u think ?
not sure i think it all has to do with the shift to a media/news company from a social network
must be nice
to sip on that fiji water
do you think he's gonna stay healthy? lol by no means did he wake up with no talent. but where's it been?
i think that it's taken him a while to get back to where he used to be. watching football taught me that sometimes these cats
perfect! that's
on my calendar!
i can read people's minds. i feel so naughty when i do it without permission from them first. lol
ok what am i thinking right now miss tila?
24 for isaiah is more reasonable than the 45 he was given from si
nah was reasonable
are you in the expo hall?
coming to java hub in about 30min
its a 4 team tourney relax there
yeah and you don't win any just straight ofr
so if you are a cop and you are telling someone to get on the ground and they won't comply and continue toward their vehicle
shoot to kill seems to be the mo as of late
first comes budget cuts, then comes the sale of the company. what u think ?
last ditch effort to cut the fat and increase revenue
lmao what would i do without my girlfriend
you and plan this shit??
coming to america has aged very well even with the fashions tbh u should rewatch it i am serious
it's still great. i watched it two months ago and really enjoyed it tbh do not @ me.
it's moments like this that makes me smile not heroes fighting each other
i miss lian so much :(
no those was his actually bars lol he said 80% of what miller was saying don't jack bag
guys is my guy
nieves and vesey combine to level things up for nyr against min. buchnevich makes the defensive play to instigate 2...
great placement on that clear by buch too
i'll contact a friend in ny &amp; check if their pub next to times sq is showing the replay.
it's setanta only so not every bar will have it.
when there is no hope, extremism breeds, explains h.e. mohammed al gergawi
. in the same vein, when there is no happiness, extremism breeds and prevails said h.e. mohammed al gergawi
notice that they didn't shoot him?
yea they did
now we'll never be the same
one and it's so sad cause i was great now i'm a ratchet ass mess
live and let die was my favourite. total hokum but fantastic signature tune and great opening scene.
living daylights, too. goldeneye was my fave brosnan bond. and i've liked all craig ones in varying degrees. even
if jay has given us a "history" of the war on drugs allow to offer a "herstory" of the war on drugs.
i followed the because i love sports. lately i find it to be the most responsible journalism of all. ty best!
happy birthday i hope your having a great day!!!
thannks al
how are you? :)
i am ok. tx.
immigration ranks pretty low on issues plaguing the u.s. - yet trump's whole campaign is built on it. he literally blames everything on it.
if safety is so important, focus on the guns, not immigrants.
in review: lots of talk by developed countries. few significant actionable commitments. no change in political climate.
hopefully we will see more significant commitments from obama's leaders summit on refugees. now the real work starts.
is there a section to put things to do to make america great?
i am *not* taking on that job :)
do you think he's gonna stay healthy? lol by no means did he wake up with no talent. but where's it been?
come back and are able to play but don't return to the talent level they were at until sometimes a couple years after surgery
negative points? bahhhhhhhh
what crazy about that? jets defense had -2 this week
suspect in custody. you are welcome colin kaepernick.
how are the two even related?
oh just go and buy one, you doofus. you don't need permission from us .
pffft easier said than done. i'd probably get an though.
e love these photos that capture central park from the air.
thank you so much for the love!
qb eli manning joins mike francesa now on ..
giants 2 wins, no losses, at the top the nfc east. winless skins coming in on sunday
can't trust anyone else so you have to rely on yourself
it's a hit on gay twitter! i know how carly rae jepsen feels now
live and let die was my favourite. total hokum but fantastic signature tune and great opening scene.
solace. i wasn't a fan of moore because the puns were too much and even he said he didn't take it seriously, which
you better not start liking it in a week or so. i'll shun you lol
watch i'll prob be like i love it by tomorrow once i figure it out
taking from the poor to give to the rich. bloomberg started this plan, why hasn't de blasio put an end to it?
. i believe at one time bdb said he would. of course that didn't happen.
i was just about to say, i'd ride with meek more if he did it for the culture, he did out out of spite lmao
meek did it out of spite he was looking for a reason not to like him lmfaooo
we can help track your package. please email the tracking number to help.com for assistance. thanks. ^pj
ok just sent info. no updates since 843am, that is poor service!
strong stuff fm 's josh rosen: "i will be ok without football. i want to fight for the people who won't be ok."
tough not to love this kid
"we can't afford any opportunities to add more units. ... more square footage for living is more sq ft for living."
"i think we've created a situation where it is difficult to build. now we're using that as an excuse to deny ability to add units."
sept 14 1995 acclaimed, innovative, dynamic earth, wind &amp; fire awarded star on the hollywood walk of fame!
enjoy our single
when trump is president only bad doctors and lawyers will be allowed to work with criminals!
citizens, 1st responders &amp; police all rose to the challenge of the moment. but a dim old man who's never had a real job can't take that in.
lol she liked the tweet
i'm bout to slide in them dm's!
hated you literally are dogshit lol
yeah bro you dropped a total of 12 kills in 3 maps good performance there buddy
that played at the texas theater a few years ago and the director attended. i should have went. i regret it.
the print i saw was pretty rough. i'm excited to see cannibal holocaust and jungle holocaust at the drive in friday
live and let die was my favourite. total hokum but fantastic signature tune and great opening scene.
is why his puns bothered me. if it doesn't matter to you, i don't care. as opposed to connery acting scared when
burrowes or just coincidence?
iam not related to the other twitter accounts u listed, if thats ur question.
are you okay with finding out weather or not they are going to grab something to harm you or your fellow officers with?
there's gotta be safer and better ways to assess this situation if it happens here and there ok but so many times its crazy
had a great night last night....now i'm in nyc for sunday morning futures! ! @ new york,...
your the only racist that's associated the word terrorism with muslims
diego dropping his new song is the highlight of my week
much appreciated
josh norman is playing the best football of his career so far in 2016.
how's breeland's season looking since he's the one who had to cover ab and dez while norman covered sammie fricken coates and t-will
live and let die was my favourite. total hokum but fantastic signature tune and great opening scene.
faced with the bris laser.
the latest fowler's final word! thanks to
your the only racist that's associated the word terrorism with muslims
i been trying to tell a different story, find balance and i'm tipping off, tell grandma i'll be with her shortly,
i'm on panic when they send her for me.
student is almost pulled from desk, receives death threats after not standing for pledge
i was getting hit w/ this visceral reaction a kid in the 50s &amp; then my kids in the 90s. loyalty oaths? no thx
so far this week's dw mix is 4 for 4 w/ tracks i want to "follow up" on.even a simple reverse chron list of added songs would help
i run an ifttt recipe to save all dw tracks to a new playlist.
.: "we know the president was born in america."
your the only racist that's associated the word terrorism with muslims
congratulations from jewish, white, husky investor.
jfc is this a real headline?
where , stand on energy issues affecting texans:
and then, so what. is off the map and he knows it. ingenuity is the answer.
but you're ok with some getting cancer?
the 20% don't get cancer..and fyi..the hpv vac doesn"t prevent cancer
good job richard put it to bed.
your the only racist that's associated the word terrorism with muslims
negative points? bahhhhhhhh
jets defense &gt; eagles d ...:..::bears offense &gt; bills. certainly possible
"just like we named our enemy in the cold war, so too must we name our enemy today." -
wasnt the latinos the killers and rapist ?
gamechanger this is about to be so dumb
i'm working in ny today otherwise i'd come see the boys. crush it!
happy birthday alexandria
thank you tracy nicole
gah, wanted to catch the javaee update session. if you don't mind talking to the enemy could you drop one at the pivotal booth?
of course not. will ping you later :-)
.: "all good and decent-loving people want to live in a good and decent-loving country."
yes we do. peace and prosperity....we want it back
just trying to go home and art it out but work is telling me other wise
texting me would be nice
the latest fowler's final word! thanks to
the only racist that's associated the word terrorism with muslims
bestbuy new wkly ! save on germguardian air purifiers ~save 20% on select klipsch speakers 8-) ~$100 off...
$100 off samsung 49" led 4k tv w/ hdr ~$70 off hp officejet 8710 wireless all-in-1 and much more...
mmmm...i want cinnamon apple topped ice cream now...
i'll make apple crisp then we can all watch a spooky movie
the wife is here. they're checking for a new bleed. i'm trying to be calm. it's hard. i don't want to be here. again.
you got some good music to listen to? that helps sometimes
i swear, the villains in this quantum leap episode are some of the most blatantly evil people i've ever seen
they're clearly eat puppies for breakfast and brag about it
on shortly! tune-in now!
your the only racist that's associated the word terrorism with muslims
stoned as fuck up in class with bro
dummy stoned
not in this world
u heard it here first
meek already got upset with wale over ig promotion lol. a lot of rappers are sensitive
im to start exposing timmys old drake tweets if he don't retweet more
the latest fowler's final word! thanks to
your the only racist that's associated the word terrorism with muslims
about to send you a dm
dm away, i'll take a look when i'm home
india should start giving arms &amp; training to baluchistan freedom fighters.
never proper for india to instigate terrorist attack /encourage need all time alert total destruction terrorist any way
very nice. well, we'd love to have you in for that one glass a month sometime! :)
i'll keep that in mind if i'm ever in that area
great post, i was saving some links to check out later when i saw my own name haha - thanks for including my talk!
thanks jesse! and thanks for your great talk to include in the first place
absolutely, and he meant it too.
100%, thats the best part of this whole sequence for me. some real smart hockey there.
logic says it's beukeboom tomorrow but i know would love to see malakov and rachunek
chris drury also
donald trump: "our inner cities are a horror. no jobs, no safety, education is the worst."
bull trump you're using the bumb thing 2 boost your campaign give us a brake
just today, video of fights at raiders, rams and redskins games. maybe nfl should ask for security $ &gt; stadium $.
this is why baseball is better
melba's is fire
right around the corner from my place... let me know next time, we can talk a&amp;r.
nope. it's not thursday. the week isn't almost over.
he's goddamn cute tho, ffs.
president bill clinton isn't holding his tongue anymore.
let'er rip gomer, you're bound to blow the lid on the entire &amp; 'slick again' 35+ years of p4p, bribery, extortion
so they should just take the risk? i mean if one of them dies at least the suspect is alive right?
i have family who are police i understand but there has to be better ways of doing it emptying a clip on a dude isn't it
i have very easy access to meth and heroin from my coworkers.
and probably child porn
lord help me keep my composure &amp; avoid laughing.
i haven't even tried to hide my laughter
. is a legit media outlet! is great friend &amp; journo and i applaud for support independent media!
@ your the only racist that's associated the word terrorism with muslims
walked into the living room and almost had a heart attack what the heck is my dog doing
that looks creepy
let me know if you're down for this:
very down!! let's do it
.: "it's time for tough borders. it's time for common sense. it's time to do things right. we have to put america first."
it's overtime! now is the time!
looking for "alternatives". practically just what? new billion $ arena for isles? not happening. return to new nvmc? nope!
so you would prefer they just let bc dictate terms for next deal. got it!
i'm on panic when they send her for me.
cause i ain't got time for feeling sorry, i gotta be on point when duty call,
i know this pic, its from the magic mike premiere 2012?
yes, it is...they are two of my favorites.
i woke up and got on and played i thought the tourney was for an hour later dumbass lmfao
same here i joined 30 minutes late cuz i was still at work lol it's no excuse lite like always shitty
as a student here at rutgers i would travel anywhere to support my fellow knights.
thanks for your submission, christian! we appreciate your support for . stay tuned for the announcement of the winner!
curious if any were beloved. but you know i can fall for a weirdly fluffy musical if doesn't oppress ppl.
nobody knows the new yorkers but it has a couple famous songs. i love big river but it's not widely beloved.
"we've seen at least 2 examples of people building large homes... it's a zoning correction." -homeowner
"i believe our suburban area of district 7 should be able to remain low density." -nimby homeowner
don't just kneel in solidarity with right to protest but remember why he's protesting in the first place
your the only racist that's associated the word terrorism with muslims
finally fishing the frog after heavy rain! check out my first video
should do well, got some good gear
i knew he could get boards but not like that. sort of crazy because those were the years i became an nba fanatic (early 00s)
in many ways draymond= pf jkidd, same multifaceted 2 way skillset
youtube pro-tip. if you are making an unboxing or demonstration video be sure to remain uncomfortably quiet the entire duration.
we need to hear you shuffling about near your microphone, and some subtile irregular breathing really seals the experience.
the latest fowler's final word!
your the only racist that's associated the word terrorism with muslims
oh yeah, blair witch. as a devotee of the bw canon, i really enjoyed seeing a lot of the deep lore take center stage.
it's not perfect. but i liked it a lot. feels like the original film but with a relentless pace, rather than drawn out dread.
taking back sunday: "death wolf" lyric video:
that song is
so pumped to see taping of but someone left eggshells in ladies toilet so guess they're more excited?! idk
this is the absolute truth! presumably chicken egg shells!!!!!!!!
what purpose does nelle serve really except to be stuck on carly's ass
i liked her very briefly. now, she's just wasting space.
nobody knows the new yorkers but it has a couple famous songs. i love big river but it's not widely beloved.
golden apple is weird and ambitious and rarely seen, so it has a whole mystique about it.
i can just feel the hate in your bones., mr mike dowd. it will consume you alive. not nice.
the times and other ny papers lied about me, to make sales..get it! i know the difference. .wake up!
but you're ok with some getting cancer?
wow...clueless and morally bankrupt
it is one of the most brazenly dishonest things i've ever seen from a political team.
if there is no cost to lying, then telling the truth becomes irrational.
i woke up and got on and played i thought the tourney was for an hour later dumbass lmfao
i see why you never join and can't win anything besides a radar lol just stay off the game
my dad will never allow, at least now, but i hope someday i will come there :)
awww that sucks
trump's crowd today in fort myers. packed house. can't get them all in without a wide-angle lens.
make america great by awakening the silent majority!
breaking news: chris christie knew about the scheme to close george washington bridge lanes, prosecutors said
. now he can go back to his previous life as a dinghy
he was, but his dad was a former mujahideen, which isn't going to help the discourse
ok mujahideen was on the side of us, and they drove the soviet out. the taliban came *after* &amp; they pushed mujahideen to the north.
cause i ain't got time for feeling sorry, i gotta be on point when duty call,
and i'm probably the worst nigga to get involved with, these shoulders is not for you to sniffle on.
and then, so what. is off the map and he knows it. ingenuity is the answer.
american petroleum institute has more nerve? to entirely fuck over midwesterners?
those accusing me of "culturally appropriating" the colt 45, it was literally handed to me by
here we go with the black friends excuse
girl you don't need to lose a pound lol
shut up chelsea said i gained weight
much like the definition you cling to purely bc you like it is obsolete.
obsolete in what regard?
all this self destruction by obama and the dnc will be stopped with a trump presidency. the left is terrified because of their crimes.
i pray trump is elected, bcs there r many traitors who must be prosecuted 4treason.
really great chat with on freelancing and life: hustle: fresh perspectives (feat. dann petty)
thanks tom glad you enjoyed it
making me annual phone calls to lucky lads &amp; lasses! arrrr. this time, no job interviews schedu...
goddamn that's sexy.
i like how all of red velvet is on this list.
i'm more surprised that wheein is only
it's not perfect. but i liked it a lot. feels like the original film but with a relentless pace, rather than drawn out dread.
which is not a knock on drawn out dread, there's a reason i love tbwp, but i'm happy they didn't just copy/paste what worked, frankly.
i should have just snuck you into my room and we could have had baltimore adventures i didn't think of this until now
i totally would have been down for that
you're a millennial, ted.
i don't like this
ask him to show you the goods to be sure
i would if i am not with my trainer haha
ugh it's a really hard decision now lol
i live down there so i just gotta get my ticket
girl, it is 99 degrees outside, this is no time to cuddle
my office &amp; house are always freezing we gone pretend lmao. besides, hot or cold..cuddle time is always appropriate
not all muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are m... "ahmad khan rahami"
not all muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are deplorable. [lets play out that logic circle.]
also, it's my birthday or somethin iunno, can drink now i guess?
lol, you share the same b-day with you get a , and you get a . everybody get's a !!
whoa. dot just responded to a twitter complaint with something other than "call 3-1-1."
i tweeted them about conflicting signage on my block - 3 days later conflicting signs removed. still not right but they got on it.
3 is way too high.
putting them over florida bc of the tcu win they'll fall as the season goes on
fgm is a misogynist practice more related to your assertions about masturbation &amp; the clitoris.
why would u defend the practice of episiotomy if it's known to be a form of ?
no point arguing with guys like nathan. he just wants a return to 1950s 'white first' entitlement.
its meathead from all in the family
did they empty a clip on him?
they shot him a good enough times it seemed and w.e race u are u gotta ask urself dam why again another black man
thanks ! now i'm part of the . love the foldable gizmo.
woohoo, it arrived:) don't forget to take a picture in your gear, we love to show off our !
all i know i can't wait for debates! dt is going to get schooled!
guaranteed, will never debate . the humi
breaking: 's email-deleter found online asking how to destroy evidence, then destroys evidence of it
wow! this is huge! sure wish the fbi wasn't bought and paid for cause she belongs in prison!
why would anyone listen to this guy? he's only creating fear and terror like his robot candidate
i witnessed the 9/11 attacks. you know nothing. the threat is real!!
wait why, it's looks amazing
that looks like my worst nightmare
walking around downtown it seems like a lot of seamen already here.
yes, our planning meetings are taking place this week. did you catch a picture you can share?
he posted a sign about revoking over the summer, over trump's puported lgbt support...will look and see if i still have photo.
i wrote a story on that one. how many times will be rescind his endorsement? jeez
this present, this now, admiral, it's the world you and he built together and it's all coming down- sooner or later
you see, admiral, people like you and the good doctor, you're like...butterfly, flapping away hoping your little wings can change the world
csn behind enemy lines in la.
can we at least steal one game.......
yeah man and my 16 year old killed it one shot!
damn what beast. you raised her right
girl, it is 99 degrees outside, this is no time to cuddle
my office &amp; house are always freezing we gon' pretend lmao. besides, hot or cold..cuddle time is always appropriate
y'all take this shit to serious
nah this kid gets all happy cuz he got lucky one map then he gets completely destroyed
i think its bc they believe amanda is the easier fight and if rr wins they are going to stall the title for commercialism.
the answer to your ? is that the ufc is trying to make the most money they can.
if you have time can you vote for my film and help share on social media stuff
pls vote! also,now is good time to subscribe to troma now! 1st mo free
anyone else just wanna slam their leg into a wall when you get a random foot cramp?
no i broke my leg before it was not too fun
just logged on to 114 new msgs. guys, i'm 'closed'. it's not a case of asking/arguing to get in; i'm literally done here til further notice.
ahhh man i didn't make the cut
stuck in a limbo half hypnotized each time i let you stay the night stay the night. up in the morning tangled in sheets
wow you're such an annoying ting
now, joins to discuss this weekends and what the atmosphere was like on the ground.
damn it, missed this. need to hear, got a link, please?
trump "you knew damn well i was a snake before you took me in!"
love this story and we see it happening!
i am thank you kim and i hope you are too
i'm at home today my stomach
were live! eat, pray, bop
led zepplin ayyy bop all day every day
everybody an angel in their own way lmao
therefor i'm an
lawyer says former chris christie aide was thrown "under the presidential bus"
if he weren't running for president this would be a non-issue. only a presidential candidate could draw this much attention.
my fear now- trump and what vp pence will continue to do to assault the right to be smoke free
i worry far more about a continuation of president obama's current fda than i do a fda under trump or even pence
tcu doesn't look special yet.
they won't finish top 25 tbh
16 was garbo tho
dude it's really good
you prolly gained muscle from those omar weights that's about it tho
exactly! &amp; tomorrow we actually start lifting
how do people in the pacific northwest cope with knowing that a giant earthquake and tsunami is coming to kill them eventually
after 2 years in dc i calculated that was a better risk than having to deal with.. dc people for any longer.
photographic evidence of dress with pockets.
you, a pretty, functional dress, and lumpy!
i never saw the original! always wanted to though. should i before seeing the new one?
yeah, for better or worse i think bw is made with the expectation that you've seen the original.
phrenology is disproven &amp; medical knowledge has advanced accordingly. making phrenology obsolete.
the value of episiotomy is disproven.
do it! i haven't treated myself in a while so i was like why not. and just buy like two things at a time
true. moderation. i'm about to order some new fall lip colors
just fill out a uber application.
drive for lyft and use my code &amp; get a $500 bonus js
you see, admiral, people like you and the good doctor, you're like...butterfly, flapping away hoping your little wings can change the world
we're the wheel you get crushed on, so let me ask you one last time- when is dr. sam becket?
awesome quote gov. had a powerful quote on and limbaugh.
smart team of trump and pence!
if trump wins, "the u.s. economy would take off in a big way," bofa strategist says
seems like common sense, doesn't it? vote trump, and make america great again!
ugh nvm.. false alarm. it just sprinkled a bit.
trade with me
yes, our planning meetings are taking place this week. did you catch a picture you can share?
nah i'm only a passive creeper not a full on creeper. not my business to be bothering them with photos.
someone in my building has a wifi named `sneakernet`. that made me laugh.
my best prank on my husband was when i renamed ours fbisurveillance he didn't think it was funny, but i'm still laughing :)
ex-aide will testify in nj bridge closures trial that gov. chris christie knew about scheme, prosecutors say...
not surprised, and he threw ppl under the bus
it's ok a new bankroll will magically appear and he will have another poy next week
oh i don't doubt that
the vast majority of the modern medical community does not condone fgm &amp; the two aren't related.
episiotomy literally is a form of fgm, albeit a more covert form.
i was born with these brows...what can i say?
whew, you really are super busy. but that's exciting!!
at least they got it before 2017 haha.
social strategists rejoice
really? c'mon, surely some kind people on twitter in nyc can help you out
one person maybe but not until october
so that rangers writer who is now a giants writer for the daily news is being completely mocked by all of giants twitter.
oh this is amazing, he is such garbage
i got a good one of molly. i have no idea why it's upside down
andrew givin us a wild wacky time
whoever recommended me "stranger things" gets an a+
it was shane
i witnessed the 9/11 attacks. you know nothing. the threat is real!!
maybe if it hit home like it did for me you'd think differently,moron
haha! that lyric gives me way too many damn feels every time, it's one of my favourites
that whole album is full of gems. i finally got my hands on a vinyl copy, should be here this week
don't miss "java on duty: industrial automation and iot on industrial control systems" sep 20, 12:30 pm, hilton - golden gate 4/5
are you in sf this week?
bible doesn't also list the years the world or universe has existed doesn't stop creationists.
bible doesn't need to list such years, since it is all pre-history.
who wanna play bo1 gbs with me and crossovuh in a little bit
that's where you belong practicing for 2016 bops one cuz you're ass
tfw you leave a bag with your underwear and your only pair of pants in washington dc.
how did you leave the capital naked?
we should start a study group to deliberate on this proposal and make recommendations. that'd be the c++ way
i'm willing to chair that study group. ?
the rods i bought were the castaway rods and they are amazing
never tried castaway rods, but seaguar is all i use, lews makes good stuff....been successful with those lures.
i want to bathe in this
wonder how they like our "cute-as-a-button little red stadium" now?
a lifelong dream come true. proud to share the cover of my book available for pre-order now!...
this makes me &amp; ecstatic! ty for putting us crazy gals together!
thanks and hugs to who knows how easy it is to buy my
picture, so it counts! love that before coffee'o'clock, socks-in-mug make perfect sense:) see u @ next week?
american petroleum institute has more nerve? to entirely fuck over midwesterners?
say, didja hear the one about the out_door psychward
this was seriously the best birthday present i've ever received.
nice you are a fan of the "boss" waiting for my gift from my daughter, she got me a concert from this tour
has come out to denounce islamophobia yet?
soon. they're drafting behind obama's nonsense.
look what just came in the mail from my publisher!
congrats to one of the nicest artists on the twitters!
friends! only an hour and a half left to get discount tickets. tickets are $17 at the door!! use case daisy
i'll be there! excited to see you.
my only contribution to this discussion is that i don't think this argument takes into account 24 hr news cycle/never been able to get away
did you see this in ny mag?
really did and i'm excited for the film!
stoked to hear that man. hope it doesn't take me too long to edit.
why hillary's attempts at wooing young voters aren't working
young adults are not as gullible as they were years ago. can sense a lyin sac o' , 1000 miles away.
we wrote a click bait thing about beckham. he's being torn apart.
he did this all the time with rangers players, his shtick is so lame
the key words here are "23-year-old"
i'm 33 and i can do that too. just give me like two weeks to drink them.
cnn to host town hall with
no problem saying a tea party group could have been the bomber but never say islam. shame on the left .deblasio is shameful
nfl: breaking a rule designed to promote safety &amp; fair play merits losing 5th round pick. breaking psi rule? you lo...
after warning too. they got caught two years in a row
how do you like that fast pace offense
i don't like his run offense either.
not when we ! caddell: political elites will tell us terrorism is 'new normal'
new normal??? not in america! never normal. trump will lead the country back to a position of strength!!!
i'm in a really crappy mood. please send gifs.
i opened the 'gifs' app and this was the first thing that showed up and it just feels right.
i loveeee you, you know dis right?
is it escape yet??? i'm stealing you from ariel. he can mingle with edgar
i'm curious to know more about streetcars on geary was there any consideration to maintain them instead of using motorcoaches?
this is a great article that very topic
um. you said acknowledging "the creator"
um...that would be what i said.
please provide us with the nearest cross street and zip code. to best assist you today. kc
hempstead turnpike &amp; doherty ave. 11003
if the "girls working office jobs at a company that makes pop culture products" becomes an anime genre because of shirobako and new game,
i think the whole post-product-release celebration party is going to be the default finale trope
i have a boston trip coming up in october
that would be fun i've been wanting to go to boston
americas's direction sounds like a new boy band
...that would perform before a trump rally.
then so was my hysterectomy. :shrugs:
i don't know. does hysterectomy involve the female genitalia?
what more could he want from me
where is this flat rate salad bar
even if you refuse to vote for a president (umm???????) voting is just as important for your local elections
regardless of your belief, this election will happen... you might as well pick a candidate who best represents u
great! slides? notes? if you care to give me an email, i'll abuse you with the slides i've used -- featuring you and marvin conway.
notes? everything is in book, posts, and hbs cases (check out "finding the suite spot" on hbs as most everything from there).
just saw the list too &amp; since i'm in the same tent w/ , lobbying for that!
purple rain shall be our tent soundtrack.
i'm an immigrant and this is why trump is winning, this makes perfect sense, we shouldn't accept anyone
trump's a loser he's scaring a lot of people he's not the boogeyman just a typical liar
how is this breaking new??? they play literally every major us festival ????
hopefully this means the edmthotz will crowd the mainstage, far away from the techno more room to dance
yes! but good ones like going to medieval times.
oh that's awesome. oh i haven't been to one in forever! ahh any pix with crown? lol queen cookie!
fun come in all shapes and sizes ..!!
beauty...still on my bucket list to catch.
great! slides? notes? if you care to give me an email, i'll abuse you with the slides i've used -- featuring you and marvin conway.
email steven.com
as someone who's attended approximately 400 pro and college sporting events, i can stay it's not that hard to avoid getting in a fight.
never done more than yell at people. won't ever do more than that unless provoked.
"chal me 50+ when i'm with evil apple and creator" - hated
so as you were saying about evil ? lol i don't need him for shitters
they do lol
if you order online yeah
the us' early arrivals were genocidal settlers and the africans they stole and sold into bondage. "immigration" was nowhere to be found.
an admittedly small cohort of pagan europeans escaped here. no safety there.
fox news' hannity will do a town hall with trump at a black church
yeah had to b at a church where the pastor is a trump supporter, that's his 1%. enjoy it cuz that's all you getting
hey imogen remember how you're doing the work of five people and want to kill yourself, how about u add the work of a sixth with no notice
hello it is me the person whose foresight and advice u ignore and who pulls solutions out of a hat
i know, how lucky..
yeah people from australia came to see justin at msg
no puppy on earth is as cute as two women who want to kiss each other but are too nervous to make the first move
maybe distract her with a puppy?
starting next week, the cw is available everywhere. find out more:
yes!! awesome!!
he still hasn't developed a consistent enough jumpshot
i was gonna say that's the only thing that worries me. the game has changed since he was mvp. needs to regain his explosiveness
no but he'll probably go on to litigate cases//write bad policies that will affect them!
nah he'll be a junior associate his whole life lol
ted cruz is not with us
get a grip, such nonsense is insulting.it's about liberty, which you obviously need to be enlightened on
congratulations to and for your well deserved appointments. hard working and dedicated...
you guys rock!! super congrats!!
hello, this is april. would you like my assistance today?
i was able to get through to customer service. the "ask a question" feature is terrible. needed to talk to a human.
so you're saying chiropracty is a word.
the noun is chiropractic and where is the text from in that photo?
can't believe there isn't one pho place that everyone can stamp, what other soup options you got?
ramen. for days.
how does laurence fishburne not wake up every morning asking gina "you mind if i wild out?"
wow. if ever a man looked good in a salwar...
remember "bridgegate"? trial is about to begin for ex-christie aides in traffic jam scandal
it appears they're pushing us to mass transit, everybody.
beckham had the drop, but he's on pace for 96 catches. but he sucks right now according to this guy.
yeah he said stuff like that about keith yandle too and he was our best d-man. expect him to praise shitty players soon too
crab rangoons are usually terrible and greasy and crabless. there's a thai spot in my neighborhood that makes really good ones tho.
which spot? everyone crab rangoon i've tried are so greasy and ugh...
what about these candidates brain diseases missing emails who killed say sucks
or silliness
this is one of the saddest music videos i've ever seen
where's this from?
never done more than yell at people. won't ever do more than that unless provoked.
unless someone says something terribly offensive or physically attacks you, why the hell are you getting in a fight at a game?
refer to my last tweet please
y'all some haters
say, didja hear the one about the out_door psychward
run this one by me. chicago, chicago
unlike you i won't begrudge kgrainger etc the plaudits for their rio performances.
i liked it more when i didn't know who piers was... happily it's easy to forget
that's awesome. i somehow managed to see bruce twice this year. best shows i've ever been to.
i couldn't go this year, wanted to introduce my daughter to him live, didn't work out. but been to like 10 shows
a couple years ago me and my siblings went to my dads office and put over 50 drawings of different gold fish everyw...
i guess he only took down the ones he could reach lol
i need to buy a new laptop before the end of the new year. whats up with the new macbook? will that be out yet?
i'd wait until the end of october. they may release an update.
look yormark knows new building/return to new coli not happening so all this rumor floating is foolishness &amp; confuses fanbase.
we'll see in jan 2018 what the future holds, until then, unfortunately more uncertainty.
donald trump once again demonstrates he hate the 1st amendment:
they like to pick and choose which amendments they want to follow based on their racism, extreme patriotism, and bigotry.
all the good ideas are with the people who are not in government.
remark improper people outside govt. free to attack any way activity but authorities unable to do so.
i don't think it's working
cc: everyone loves a good canoe
is this a lack of proper tea training or a lack of will? need to address bot...
teas are generally terrible at controlling intersections &amp; generally endanger
man all you do is preach my life i love it
cause we always on the same level it's really crazy
oh god my mom discovered gifs
i don't know if i can handle the gif discovery
its crazy why we all have to leave cus all these fucking people wanna move here and live the nyc dream like na dub get out
you know what's funny? this city is gonna become white washed and lose the culture so many people come to be a part of
i already started my christmas list
i already bought myself something off my christmas list
yes. he's also explained himself thoroughly &amp; encouraged people to block him if they're uncomfortable.
true. fair enough.
i'm naming my cats north and saint...
that's not good names
nah. bout to google it tho
its a new playlist that's like discover weekly for new releases
update : my liver is an asshole
- take nothing unless you want it the rest just kick ass &amp; call me and i'll help!
btw are your new neighbors quieter?
haven't see her, haven't heard any complaints about the boys
23-year-old olympian claims he can drink 12 beers without getting a hangover
it doesn't count if it's bud light
what is the pumpkin blaze exactly?
an insane of jackolanterns display in sleepy hollow each year. i've wanted to go for years
we need your support to get to the white house and defeat . let's make america great again!
never write again. donald trump is a fraud. he should pay his taxes first!
avocado: not ripe avocado: not ripe avocado: not ripe avocado: i'm ripe now avocado: okay you were in the bathroom so i rotted
so funny :) but also so true! :(
do it i kept a toaster in my room last semester for bagels and waffles lol
tbh i'm just too lazy to go get one but i would eat so much better
working with you again would be mega-dope, homey, but i'm out of the contracting game. i can review pr's, doh
no contract. just creating some throwaway code by over-engineering a single-page website.
i've written and deleted about a dozen tweets in response to trump's refugee comments, but i don't want to put more violence into the world.
but actually fuck that guy and his sons &amp; daughter &amp; wives, all fucking human sewage.
unbelievable!!! clueless calls for americans to respect and empathize with isis!!! what side is thi...
anti women , anti israel ..pro cash to allow trash hillary..
if you want to continue to live a happy life.... just listen to sam
i always do
dear world, is not dead. please stop sharing stories from news orgs you never heard of.
i'm trying to find news stories on anything dealing with him alive or gone, i got nothing
did they empty a clip on him?
who cud answer that ? why for the most part is it black men when it's done so many time it stops being a coincidence no
working with you again would be mega-dope, homey, but i'm out of the contracting game. i can review pr's, doh
but likewise, to say my plate is full is an overstatement. :/
remember "bridgegate"? trial is about to begin for ex-christie aides in traffic jam scandal
and you know it's the back to school rush and the highway are extra crowded. you hollywood types.
got carried away with snap filters
about to tyb andres , you're too stunning
i laughed a little too hard at this. i'm getting weird looks.
i aim to make everyone laugh atleast once a day
he's on, what...his 4th or 5th monopoly $$ bankroll...his next play will be a play of deathtime... lol
come on sd you know he filled for bankruptcy for his 50th time
the key to knicks fandom is underestimation. i'm tellin y'all
lmao son i've mastered this.
but actually fuck that guy and his sons &amp; daughter &amp; wives, all fucking human sewage.
my kingdom to anyone who gets close enough to kick him in the balls.
drake says he's "about 6 or 7 songs in" to his next project
must be easy to finish shit that quickly wen u got 30 writers
"baby boy" isn't disrespectful?
no that's an endearment term. i'm very loving
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
actually few acts of terrorism here,thanks to obama, you are more likely to be shot by a toddler with a gun, thanks to nra
run this one by me. chicago, chicago
i know she paid you off, wall street.
"hustling 24 7" that's 3 right ?
. ... chef/teacher/giver
did they empty a clip on him?
that's what's so upsetting and that's what has been concerned and upset
why are you in new york?
i'm eating pupusas over here haha
where is that mp-information? i have looked forward to this after i won with iceland last mp (yeah i won!!)
just got home from work gimme an hour
of course. this fellow committed calculated executions, then played "ill" while being taken into custody.
and then there's this little bit of terrorism
did they empty a clip on him?
isn't a bash on police officers in i said family is police there hero's they save pep
cam: "why didn't you stand up for the flag?" kaepernick: "why didn't you dive for the ball"
i thought he wanted to know where he got that straw hat.
i'm glad you were playing catan
we ended up switching to sorry on the tail end of things
of course it's possible. cutler turns it over and gets sacked plenty. not happening
agreed. it's a tough call tho! what would u do ?
trump is angry that a us citizen is getting something afforded him by the us constitution. he is the anti-constitut...
trump believes poc and muslims are not worthy of constitutional protections afforded to all americans.
heads up: to talk on edward ( a lib for deep prob models. will periscope, tues 10:30am.
there should be a way to signup for upcoming periscopes. looking forward to this
just realized probably never gonna have threads like this for gow with every event being an open one
you will know top teams attending though
if strahd was a halfling wizard with a ferret familiar ...
someone write this fan fic!!
donald trump deploring the idea that the accused nyc bomber gets hospitalization and a fair trial before any conviction and punishment.
it's no wonder he has so many deplorable followers! the man is a narcissist &amp; a sociopath. rambo on the loose!
since when were you a steelers fan
not a fan just my prediction
noice! what'd you go with? my 7+ doesn't ship until 10/5 :-|
white on white iphone 7 128gb
fascinating how public narrative around "terror" is associated with specific ppl rather than conditions or feelings symptomatic of trauma.
as a latent consequence, black youth in hoodies and muslims in hijab are pathologized as harbingers of "terror" before jingoistic
the u.s. doesn't exist apart from its population. our citizens are not disposable once you've decided they're no longer useful.
same dynamic as always. we have always beaten back the populist menace here in us.
11 ways to thank donors with social media
some great suggestions here.
we can't help that the 97% are leftist liberals who need their safe space and are afraid of the "boom"!
you must really hate the word 'united' in usa?
me: (yells about how this conservative piece is bullshit) professor: (is shook)
white boy: just to be a devil's advocate what if...
i got a text to claim my spot for the wednesday st. lucia concert before 5:21 but i couldn't due to an error
can someone look into this and get me a spot?
at least she didn't bring back the tapatio one.
hey fuck you that one was great
"american hands will rebuild our nation! american hands!.. american workers will be hired!" i wonder if he has particular americans in mind.
the same ones who built all the items in his new hotel that say made in china?
my first was in april. i can only hope he's still around for my kids. but i'm 19, still have a long way to go haha
a bruce fan at 19? that's cool. don't let anyone of your young friends tell you different. best show you will ever go.
finally started salem. let's conjure up some witches, bitches.
i thought it said you finally made it to salem. i was about to say it's boring as fuck there
if u love popeyes just sign off twitter for the next few days just trust me
some truly wild stuff goin down the past few days and new yorkers are the furthest thing from phased
he got through because there's big bucks involved. millions of tax$'s pay4 attorneys to represent them.
the immigration industrial complex.
where are you now then?
right now finishing lunch with my wife at the old siam thai restaurant
but who would save batman
idk maybe his justice buddies
"you delayed and resisted me throughout this incident. i come to find out it was because of the color of my skin."...
they deserved so much more than they got!
just got a phone call from a customer asking me to describe the goriest scene in 's toxic avenger and i was happy to oblige.
thanks!! what did u say re toxie? now is good time to subscribe to troma now! 1stmo free!
is it because they don't work on water?!
presumably that means that regular hoverboards are allowed on domestic flights and pit bulls are allowed on international.
what we know about ahmad khan rahami, suspect in the ny and nj bombings
just too damn close for comfort!
you didn't like it you loved it kappa
katie pliz... i'm hella sad i'm not going twitch con to meet all the cool kids. feelsbadman
did not endorse the gop candiate for president
perhaps you're confused,my conscious would never allow me to vote for hillary.stop hurting the cause.primary is over
an early rumor about wavenet was incorrect: it takes ~2 minutes (not 90) to generate 1 second of audio at 16khz
what is it?
so can we create consequences?
i don't see how *we* can. it would require the tv press not giving a platform to liars, and that's unlikely, for many reasons.
aussies get it 7pm their time which is 2am pdt. everyone starts same time dude :)
i know. my mind it overtaken by being overly excited. just want to play. brain is on meltdown.
i'm at bob's discount furniture - in carle place, ny
come check out our selection here at casco!
does no 1 on the bot's connect the dots re: all these workplace cases? we have useless unions,ombudsman &amp; eeos
the facts speak for themselves...birds of a feather flock together? puppet university?
who ever gets to see their significant other all the time are so lucky, i envy ya'll
but, i also like the fact that me &amp; mine always stay busy just to build ourselves up &amp; see eachother in a later time bcus its more loving
blaming an entire religion is prejudicial. you should not lump any group in its entirety for actions of a few
blaming?? don't recall doing such. jst made observation abt potus comment abt fear.
dallas morning news' endorsement of hillary clinton led to subscription cancellations!
whoa! wonder if that's ever happened before due a presidential endorsement.
we'll see how blithe you are when bombs start going off in silicon valley.
presumably you're pro gun. same thing. freedom &gt; security.
i just remembered where i spent one 500 rupees note. but now i have misplaced another. what the hell is this.
hahahaha. three tweets and you managed to really crack me up. nice.
you'll have to ask
his accounts locked and i can't even see the tweet
proud to live in the city that gives the absolute least fucks of any in the entire world
that hashtag just had me in tears. classic.
i love speaking to people when they're with their friends who don't like me.
they be looking at their friends with the most disgust. i be like
moms: speak with them every day but when you miss one call because your busy--- you don't love them anymore!
latina moms. i could have seen her the day before and it's still a problem if i miss a phone call. weirdos
haha i'm trying! just get anxious and freeze sometimes you're awesome too david! come back sometime
i really really wanna make a trip out to vegas one of these days. i haven't been there in three years now.
guess whose cintiq works now!
this is so beyond cute
i bought some talenti ice cream. just for the culture doe. i doubt ima eat it tbh
i'll prolly jus give them to the next shorty who pulls up
say more about what's happening! rolling out now: photos, videos, gifs, polls, and quote tweets no longer count tow...
fuck yeah, let's overindulge!
you might have missed this i begged victor to do for me.
that's amazing victor did an awesome drawing
no you don't they ruin all your shit &amp; eat all your food
besides that being an only child sucks
clinton, trump show major differences on how to deal with isis
president trump would destroy them. hillarious clingon would give them blow jobs.
boring huh? i figured it would be a super cool place to see.
we stayed for about 2 hours. there really isn't much to do there. there's an amazing horror wax museum. that was was sick
i been by his side since tuesday and all weekend i was just laying in bed with him. i just want him to get better
stay with him. my thoughts and prayers
you went to the bao on st mark's place last time didn't you?
no, we missed that. sounds like i should check it out though
didn't they catch the guy? why make a busy area more chaotic?
they got him in nj?! no idea what this is about.
i really don't know, haha. i came on twitter and it was the first thing i saw.
i don't understand why that would happen.
i thought ur tongue was a chicken nugget in the second pic
lookin good af
shows with intrigue consist almost solely of passive aggressive dialogue
sounds more like our daily conversation
did you understand my logic or did i just leave you confused? :)
dont worry about it. we're all for trump thats what matters. but...i think u referred to "rose"
sorry where are you again?
this was in brooklyn, ny
after having a fish tank hurled at them....u32 ne arrested 2 murder susps in , 1 with this knife
a fish tank?!? seriously? bet the report is a bit different than usual!
his last year playing college football for cal he torn his acl
he actually tore his pcl
cut to the chase: new owners major concern is bc cutting 50+mill if isles dont meet certain targets+bc running debt. leverage? ha
get 70% of everything after that mark too. bc needs the revenue rather than risk of dark dates at arena.
first pitch 7:10 pm!
lol, hey after listening to kruk.. i feel good.i'm enthusiastic, heck maybe we can blow another 9th inning lead
"machine learnings " by
thanks for sharing, burke. what was your favorite news of the week?
mentally retarded hill singing the old song of blame, muslim obama's legacy!
hoping juan's family will be wipout by muslim terrorists!
please rt for my grandson !! ty ! have you heard 'spirits' by sphinx on ? ...
thank you caz :) love you're beautiful new avi !!
you ever think maybe this whole race issue has been created and perpetuated by the media? who owns the media?this is what they wan
i agree with u on that i do this is exactly what they want
all my friends think it's lame. they just don't understand. i don't care though. i love bruce
ha! nice! you can like the old stuff and the new. if they gave him a chance they would feel the same. trust me. legend
taptic, surprisingly, might just be my favorite part of the iphone 7.
is good? been hearing mixed reviews of it
...because i will die without one
go with me this year!!
i ain't seen that one
he got like a 10 min video in different parts of his house babbling
im laughing reading this tweet omg are you okay?
lmao yeah i didn't actually fall i caught myself but it literally happened 4 times i was in shock
it seems like such a delightful way to give glory to your friends and wreak havoc on your enemies. i can't believe it's not more common.
i'd be into it.
please tell me you saw this. how is this possible? haha
such a media stunt
hey i found a purple backpack at &amp; i regret not buying it! it's not on your website and i really want it!
hi! unfortunately, bags in our outlet stores are not available online. we recommend calling them at 845-928-5119 to put it on hold.
three percent of americans own half of the country's guns
when trump becomes president &amp; militarizes we'll all be safe again! plus no one will need guns ever again!
did they hold zois' yesterday?
didn't go. wthdrn zois vs kean university et al motion hrg 7 ma5 wthdrw mtn 09 16 16 9-twr 09 00 mpc03 cancel
.....and yet i still don't know who it is
you don't deserve to know
i agree with u on that i do this is exactly what they want
they want a race war they want conflict with the races
gotham tonight
yep the monsters are loose
wait this happened to me the other day when i wore my timbs for the first time in like a year
exactly my dilemma, my ankles are like sore bc these mfs are heavy
did you understand my logic or did i just leave you confused? :)
enjoy the day!
for cia operative. conservative constitutionalist. all what we conservatives stand for.
uh oh there's that word constitutionalist. not too sure about that one
wait so is the iphone 7 waterproof? i'm trying to take pics under water but i needa know for sure before i try it obvi
it's water resistant but i wouldn't go underwater with it
me asf 100%
this heat isn't working
got my gdc rejection email. is there any means of getting feedback on proposals, or do you just have to hope for the best next time?
you can email us and we can try to give feedback!
okay thank you! i will send it to them as well! :)
here is ur homework! now is good time to subscribe to troma now! 1st mo free
our is a !? time for real ch...
i thought he left already after all he is never in the white house too busy campaigning for hrc or golfing
together we'll !
no you won't. you're party is so scattered you won't get a single thing accomplished in the next 4 years. (1/2)
you ever think maybe this whole race issue has been created and perpetuated by the media? who owns the media?this is what they wan
there's a secret hand behind all the evil in the world
all my friends think it's lame. they just don't understand. i don't care though. i love bruce
i went to 5 sos with my daughter and it was fun. music is music no matter what the era.
every goal scored at the is your chance to win! details
gabriel landeskog!
nah only the wrong kind of friends are too much drama, i love my friends
true. it's hard to tell right from wrong now a days
every time i smell axe, a lil bit of my soul withers and dies
fool, youve jsut told everyone your weakness
we stayed for about 2 hours. there really isn't much to do there. there's an amazing horror wax museum. that was was sick
was mad i couldn't take selfies with pumpkinhead and freddy at the wax museum
andrea mitchell declares trump 'tough' on terror but clinton 'off message' really should retire.
they just allow her to lie, don't they?
waiting outside w/ the to get in for
in my neighborhood
many canadians are getting a strong message of what justin trudeau is doing to canada.
what a useless collaborator. i don't like to preach to my neighbors about their govt, but this guy as bad as obama.
gratuitous cleavage works as well
that may work better.
my lips been purple for years, too ahead of this fashion shit... lol
lmfao i've had it with you
we tried to be cute buttttt
this is beyond goals, slay
lmao literally tweeted as a white girl tries to "play" devil's lawyer
predictable
same here. lost my bff &amp; my mom is in critical cond. i'm so sorry for your loss. watching ced was therapy!
i keep watching it. &amp; i'll keep ur family in prayer
the other teacher?
yeah i think so
this woman is the epitome of stupidity.
stupidity that huge should be illegal.
downgraded photoshop because 2015.5 sometimes simply doesn't draw strokes on paths. adobe: $49 billion market cap, can't draw a stroke.
...but *cause* a stroke? no prob. (help, ?)
does anyone think it is paradoxical after promising djt will fix every ill, he ends his event w/song "you can't get everything you want"?
it seems like he does this a lot. subliminal messages?
every time i smell axe, a lil bit of my soul withers and dies
btw, arent our souls withering and dying all the time?
thank you to everyone for all the birthday wishes! you are all so wonderful and i'm so grateful to hsare this day with you.
happy birthday alison!
"build the wall!" - mark zuckerberg, to his construction crew, in between giving interviews call trump a fascist.
another flipping hypocrite!
y'all this live version of latch. omg
he surprise performed live at a disclosure show i was at in like 2014 &amp; it was amaze
some of them are the very same people - momentum meeting i went to featured "socialist party formerly militant" leaflets.
we obviously don't agree on everything but you are so right on this, and they are far more dangerous to the country than any tory
watching live always great insight
thanks for watching!
why i can't move to ny is that almost everything fun to do revolves around eating or partying. i'd be like the side of a house in 6 months.
15 years and counting living that life, son. it's possible, even at our age.
what, she doesn't like conference food?
who does?
how is archer that dang tall
i think the canon reason is that magecraft ages a person by a lot. for example, el melloi 2 and waver,
ridiculous: 'expert' on : the attack was carried out by 'two or three lone wolves working together' ...
true to your acronym clinton news network.
anyone got $20,000 i can borrow? because i need this bonneville. need.
that's badass
no you won't. you're party is so scattered you won't get a single thing accomplished in the next 4 years. (1/2)
and when the dems are in the wh you'll just block everything out of spite. truth is is ruining america because they're childish
heart, at least she didn't call you what i called you on my stream
lol omg chre^69stopher pliz.
friends off
truth hurts, bub.
i just learned how ski lifts spend their off-season.
hibernating?
someone fill an iv bag with espresso and hook it up to my vein
i'm talking lethal doses of caffeine
i want to do the lift driving how do i go about it.
get $300 by driving with lyft in new jersey. apply here, and give 100 rides in 30 days: terms apply.
listen to soul wrecker by moses mo on
rock the house!!!
who ever gets to see their significant other all the time are so lucky, i envy ya'll
but, i also like the fact that me &amp; mine always stay busy just to build ourselves up &amp; see eachother in a later time bcus its suspenseful
spent the weekend in slc w the homies &amp; can't get over how incredible it was. completely worth road tripping 7 hour...
ugh dude i'm so bummed i wasn't there
when are you going?!
i haven't picked a day yet but i want to go with a big group! most likely on a saturday because i'm off sunday's &gt;.&lt;
but hillary clinton the ever so virtuous, transparent, honest, modest, healthy, and uncorrrupted isnt
no, hillary clinton is no moron. ever wonder why trump's popularity soars among the uneducated?
today has been shit, quick make me feel better so i don't jump off a 12 story building!
a tribute to the great dane frans nielsen
happy birthday bro! once i port ill buy you some shit from china! love you and miss you man :)
aww bro haven't heard from you in a while, thanks bro love you, stay safe.
rcp average a virtual tie, again w/trump's support climbing, hillary's diving via .
the more you know..the less will you vote for hrc queen of deceit..
reminder: the suspect in custody came to the us at age 7. how would you ideologically vet a seven year old?
i came to the us when i was 6. paid taxes since 18. earned my right to vote against trump in november.
latch on to this!
syphilis has migrated to brain
we are also selling t-shirts they look like this
omg this shirt is gonna match my donut hat im so ready for that webstor lonk
if we buy them they are good for 30 days
oki i feel like october is less busy for me too
my boy nick most underrated , how he doing
he's working my guy!!!
not from what i've seen so far. clark actually did pretty well without curry and livingston on the court last year.
wasn't iguodala/draymond mostly running o in those situations tho?
i would say i need more ways to dominate
working on it now. prepare your buns.
every last one of you would do it too lol
not one tough question! i was dissapointed but to be fair i grew up with letterman, and he didn't play
non-crispy bacon = bacon that is uncooked. go peddle your sharia law somewhere else
i'm sorry that you can not accept the law of the land ;) you know in some countries you would be arrested for this!
when you're already in a bad mood and someone decides to test you and make it worse
lmao that's me
nic n paul r loose
fox cant have monsters like that
take your choice of a ny liberal or a ny liberal. or, do something revolutionary! vote against both parties &amp; vote for anyone else!
hate to disagree, but we can survive a trump scotus......not sure about the *nt
surveillance in the mosques for one, where the rest of the "lone-wolves" become radicalized.
read the constitution. review the first and fourth amendment.
ah, "the snake" is trending. i see the super-creepy-fascist-poetry-slam starring donald trump must be at it again.
"woman... woe-man... whoooa-man. she was a thief, you gotta believe, she stole my heart and my cat. crooked hillary!"
good point. it probably should have. that's on us. right now, getting word out that clone conspiracy is the core bo...
i'm not reading this unless everyone is played by
next tweet is a kat von d blush giveaway
boy i want that shade and light
my kids will not go to bed so screw it i'm going to bed they can figure it out in the morning!
i hope they have decent beds :(
this is ridiculous
i know nothing about sports but isn't he football...?
finally! now to eventually get them signed... ;-)
can't wait to hear what you think! i hope you are not bored. xo
but by the end of halloween it will fall once again
i like walking into spirit. till i see their prices and walk out
juno's reference! or 1/2 of it at least, i'll draw her robot underworkings later &lt;3
she's precious
the way kean u misuses taxpayers money, someone needs to b n jail 4 what goes on there
amen-all salaries forfeited back 2 students/taxpayers-highway robbery conspiracy? lets ask bankrobber?
happy birthday bro!!!
thanks bro
who ever gets to see their significant other all the time are so lucky, i envy ya'll
but, i also like the fact that me &amp; mine always stay busy just to build ourselves up &amp; see eachother in a later time bcus it adds suspense
put your kids to bed, it's playoff time. @ huntington
hope you got those beds from casco!
and early buzzcocks - genius!
some classic stuff in there i love. buzzcocks, undertones, the damned - neat, neat, neat, omd, gang of four...
regarding figment, maybe i'm missing what you're trying to show, but it seems to fit the camera and flash hole correctly
yeah it seems that the "lip" on the front isn't covering everything in that top right corner:
brandy didn't recognize i was a student and she was like "who is that???"
i ate all your chips
nycfc fans with an alternative to the "puto" chant.
so much better than "puto". they really need to get those "puto" people to stop over there already.
i know invasion of the body snatchers was originally a metaphor for communist infiltration but that imagery has never been more relevant-
than today, when you never know who among your family, fb friends, colleagues, is going to turn out to be a tr*mp supporter.
this is so sad
that's your old spot!
lucky you! how was it?
all japanese greens, including competition teas. a great way to wind down after a long brunch. will do it again.
"have i gone mad? i'm afraid so, but let me tell you something: the best people usually are." =
wow!!! fantastic!
i just tweeted about this!! i am so excite. idk it i'll stop using flayer cloak though. depends on shaders
i sure you will. cause the flayer cloak can't have a shader. once i get that cloak and show you every single shader on it.
if you're a bernie supporter, take note of what he's saying: support hillory.
"hillory"? rhymes w/ pillory
at least women can "slam" at attn
wow millennial preteen girls everywhere throwing their wall street journal subscription is in the trash
hoping juan's family will be wipout by muslim terrorists!
fox fire stupid juan! has dead mosquito brain/anti-trump goon!
so where should i go next time? i just love the spicy sauce
so, what you're saying is, steve's is delicious. confirmed.
due to recent attacks in israel, security will be boosted during the upcoming holidays.
hillary is anti israel..follow who donates to her campaign ..
i just tweeted about this!! i am so excite. idk it i'll stop using flayer cloak though. depends on shaders
you will toss that flayer cloak aside.
this was the best at 7 am last night
how panic was i what who is this why did i think you was a cereal killer
i thought it was red...
these are not the houses they lived in
same one obama violates
bbb83, please tell me which part of the us constitution obama "violates."
just put the kids to bed. the fight to stay awake starts now
hope you bought that bed from casco!
of course he's a trumpista.
did i miss sully's auto de'fe ?
i'm still sad that heavy armor was such a disappointment.
it wasn't so much a disappointment as a crime against man and nature, punishable by a war crimes tribunal
play me 4v4 again same teams no shotguns no g11 it was funny bc u agreed to no shotgun or g11 but still used them so sad
i didn't use either or?
the bar should be high, &amp; it should be the same for both candidates. no double standards, and no grading on a curve.
gop is bullying media &amp; they rbuckling.am so tired of how they don't call out lies &amp;make dump answer q's. unfair
more crumb...s on their shirts because they're messy and this joke was terrible
i did expect better. maybe brunettes have second chances?
i'm exhausted someone please help me with cletus.
gravity is not just a good idea, it's the law.
gratuitous cleavage works as well
or i could go abstract as the mirror shot of the selfie of a selfie.
1. stuck on subway with ex 2. pigeon to face 3. stepping on rat 4. unannounced landlord visit 5. musician neighbor
1. uber surge pricing 2. moving to new jersey 3. hipster party 4. local pizza joint closing 5. new york being over
before your correction, i thought "bloogers" was intended and clever, actually. suggesting nasal, whiny web-based discharges
good point. i missed it!
benoist &gt; maslany. also, continuum ineligible: " "foreign tv production is ineligible unless it's the result of a co-production
bogus times a thousand.
consider this horses
horse tram.
rahami "vacationed" several times in afghanistan, majored in "criminal justice reform." he imported a wife here from middle east.
only the most stupid anti-american regime will import people from somalia or afghanistan
he reads the snake all the time..it's a favorite of !
yep am all too aware of donald's affinity for this
it's 5pm somewhere! monday's @ the park. thanks for stopping by cutie
girl thank you. always a pleasure to have the entire park to myself lol
i have $5 in my wallet
okay and i have 7 we r so close guys
buffalowins is losing. typical.
and your comment made zero sense. i put national and sal. so technically buffalowins since it's local.
at least i have entertainment when i poop
she's trying to get in the toilet as i'm sitting on it
play me 4v4 again same teams no shotguns no g11 it was funny bc u agreed to no shotgun or g11 but still used them so sad
now you have the ballz to link or of no where?
what we know so far about new york and new jersey bombing suspect ahmad khan rahami
let me guess, he's a muslim immigrant with jihad on the brain like all the shit heads obama is bringing to america!
yes but do you think trump will take the time to explain that? all he sees is "armed muslims."
trump is a con-man &amp; a bigot. question is why &gt;40% of likely voters can't see through that, or at least don't think it's an issue?
what's your favorite song off the album?
dang! has the power to put me in a good mood no matter what
cleaning isn't so bad when you have a bissell. reply &amp; follow by 7pm est for a chance to win one!
least favorite is my boys' room because it needs the most work!!
what's your favorite song off the album?
the album. all of it.
after a month and a half of wearing foundation only once a week and chugging water all the time, i can confirm it clears up your skin.
slowly but surely.
is chipotle delicious? yes. would i go to steves when feeling homesick? no.
why do you hate america, rob?
i will never believe that a family member or friend did not have any suspicions about what this terrorist was up to!
pc policy allows these terrorists and family enablers to stay..vote change ..
a. ups misdelivered amazon box to our neighbors c. two sf cops at our house 730am w the box why? b. neighbors freak out bec smh
at least your neighbors didn't keep the box.
now you have the ballz to link or of no where?
let killstuh know i said nice n lite. he sucks ass
better than puto, but still eh.
anything is better than "puto" though. if it got them to stop that shit already i wouldn't care.
i miss you too :*-( wo a stream plattform only for troma movies
troma movies channel on is free! troma now is 4.99$ month
wikipedia but i can cite to the journal of the ama if you want to get called a scammer more
wikipedia...that's a good call. and you have no idea what i do.
your jeans are terrible.
coming from the master of mom jeans that's a bit rich
kids in bed.. time to watch w: some tea and peanuts
if you got that bed from casco, your kids will never bother you again at night!
a trump presidency would likley be even worse than you think: 11 ways he would destroy...
. for the love of the usa, please please read this
it's a 2 month long free haunted house
there's this great discount halloween store about an hour from me. i need to go there
oh this is cool. i like this!
thank you :)
it's me: i think about everything and nothing and question every single thing as if i'm the one that fucked up.
wish i wasn't weak of the heart, but.....
that 50mill could easily become less if bc feels isles arent meeting targets+ building running big debt.
the meeting targets is in barclays control, owners will out good playoff product on ice.
its_happening.gif
wait what is this?!
njtv news reviews today's defense motions as bridgegate trial moves toward opening arguments
is chris christie using this[] to keep mainstream media attention during a presidential run.
because boston is awesome
i agree we deff need to talk about this!
if she does, i will be happily shocked. but vic seems to be getting all the casual votes. i blame cbs &amp; their edit of nat
julie thought j mac had it in the bag and crushed it
to be shown on u.s. television." iow, they're too canadian. ob, got and downton have co-production deals w/us media companies.
yet the oscar's they accept film nominations from around the world. i smell some hypocrisy here bro.
ooh! happy birthday. wishing you a joyous and prosperous year
thanks bhut thank, appreciate it.
who do you think should date next?
me!!! . i love her!!! :0
.: we have an organization in isil that is actively trying to radicalize and promote extremism.
stupid they are savages
in regards to my recent silence... trigger warning: depression, suicidal ideation....
holding your hand, z. much love.
damn who pooped on your party
everyone because they're being so fucking annoying
happy birthday globe trotter.
thanks ron!
360 awareness
ditto &amp; on patrol
these kids need to go to bed
get them a bed from casco, you'll never have that problem again.
really?!!! your examples of mondegreens are from tv jingles? "three's company" and "the flintstones," respectively.
song lyrics seemed like adult things to me, but theme songs were accessible. set the whole show up. except these two.
ya out here thirsty for love, i'm just trying to find someone who makes me laugh / who's gonna give me a reason to finally shave my pubes.
what if he likes the pubes
this has always been one of my favourite songs on cfutf. truly iconic.
seriously! for some reason i used to always skip it and now i'm like wtf was i doing w my life
babylon town proposes tougher laws governing massage parlors: the town of babylon is cracking down on massage...
but the hand jobs!
lmao but how you givin a recap and don't know half the people name it was so funny
black people shit! that's what made it funnier , bcs you know who he's talking about.
fast food workers want 15 an hour yet they can never get an order right
update: i was also given a taco that i can't even pick up because of how broken the shell is 15 dollars my ass
not charged, so does it really matter?
does bad behavior only matter when their is an indictment?
i wanna make a terrible movie with you can we make that happen?
they already made batman vs superman! now is good time to subscribe to troma now! 1st mo free!
howcool isthat&gt;outofatrilliontweetys
wewillexterminateradislamist
so that is what they were yelling? it was right behind and above me... but it sounded like puto...
most were saying "puto". it's pathetic and embarrassing to be associated with.
ohh shit, i didn't. my lungs never felt better lol so i'm gonna try not to
i bought a pack at 7am but i only smoked one cigarette lol
- we rank low on every stat measure. fact. detroit is taking cell pics to share textbooks.. cmon
and trum wants to end the department of education to give the control back to states. how will that fix this?
the best possible swarm challenge i could get rn. wait, so you *want* me to go eat fries? okay, who am...
i got that today, too, but i'm confused-apparently it's already over?
are you to blame for these recommendations?
ha. possibly! circa 2008?
re-up: trump talked up his ideological test today in florida. look at his comments from canton, and you see a falla...
would lover to hear specific details from trump about determining what's in someone's heart.
it's in the nation's interests to stop these extremists - just like last time
agree. joined party in '83 &amp; spent first 5 yrs fighting them. imperative all patriots now do same &amp; i genuinely value yr support.
or, perhaps i should say:
it could also be if we are including the libertarian candidate
rnc chairman: party could penalize former gop candidates who don't endorse donald trump
the party rejected trump too..we voters chose trump..
i go here when i am homesick. but for berkeley, not korea.
boom. roasted.
watched trump advisor on fox news on foundation, "he's given hundreds of millions of dollars to charity through the foundation..."
. also trashes 's reporting. zero proof trump's given that much to charity or anywhere close
proof trump is an iota different than hillary? none.
trump at least opposes additional islamic immigration.
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
america would rather see you resign and improve your quality of life!! clear your conscious and be happy it's not too late!
yeah it seems that the "lip" on the front isn't covering everything in that top right corner:
i annotated the photos in this one in case that wasn't clear.
i honestly love you guys.
my heart burns (in the fires of hell!!!) for you
who's been assimilated? who has lost their sanity? how could anyone willingly be assimilated into that despicable goo?
(sorry i kind of mixed my blob and iotbs imagery. same difference)
it is funny cause i'm trying to play video games for fun and you're playing 2016 bo1 tourneys to feed yourself
yeah bro i barely make it home in time to play them, then i hop off
been throwing it back for a month now; thank you for surviving 30 days w. my crazy ass
before we throw back an ass, can we just find it
i'm so curious about this. have they never heard of
this deserves an article...
a. ups misdelivered amazon box to our neighbors c. two sf cops at our house 730am w the box why? b. neighbors freak out bec smh
sorry to hear that, and sorry about your neighbors. it must be tough living when frightened so much, so frequently.
not necessarily. i won't stop wearing that graviton forfeit which is why i ended up wearing flayer mantle.
funny i had two of those flayer cloaks then tosses them aside. never liked them. they can't even change color
we agree on most things but got is as good as it gets.
like jack lalanne once said: "if it tastes good, spit it out."
garryshandling noticed that the function of podcast is to communicate to his mom ep177; 36:21...
garryshandling podcast ep177 ~47 m to illusion of permanence &amp; security drives us
my only contribution to the corey feldman thing is i remember when he was on surreal life w vince neil and v called him a "shoe cobbler"
the interaction between those two on that show was gold.
i am appalled at labour's treatment of its members and as for running the country. the electorate were right.
ultimately, the electorate are always right
cheerleaders stunting is sooooo much cooler than that stomp stomp clap bs y'all wanna call cheering
they're both essential to the sport
i'm not the one that insinuated that the 3% are gun hoarders and potentially dangerous.
are you suggesting they aren't capable of being dangerous?
what if every 5 minutes we had drop wisdom?
most of it would be lost on us as our brains wouldn't process it fast enough
will probably get the ysa pushback from mls. would rather not repeat past battles. have fun.
mls have them shit over usa? why don't they say anything officially about puto?
yes sir 10-6 this year wild card w
settle down
because it's ok when a white guy does it: "emperor trump" plans to sign 25 executive orders on his first day
i feel like i need to vomit. this will not happen!
on 9/19, hear new solutions for managing water resources at designing cities for rainy days:
mt: ": 2nite-new solutions 4managing water-designing cities 4 rainy days:
so, i kinda want the new apple watch.
i barely even use an iphone and i can't help but desire the ceramic
i've honestly never met a mewithoutyou fan i didn't like. at shows and otherwise. i think their music appeals to a certain type of person.
thisnone of my friends irl like so i started going to their shows solo&amp;i meet the loveliest people there
you think my emotion content was excessive but utada hikaru hasn't released a studio album since i joined twitter that changes 9/28/16
this tweet is better than any sext i've received
- again, the liberal spin. his point is that law enforcement are not able to do the job they want to do.. spin
so you think the police should be freelance military?
an exclusive advance clip from our podcast with via
great podcast!congratz! is one of my favorite directors!
haha no i definitely didn't, but yeah i'm sure the expo line would have been slightly preferable!
i'm still in la noob nerd mode where these things are very exciting to me.
vinyl pre-orders go live on friday at noon at
you can grab enamel pins too, they're numbered out of 100.
gotta take the time to stop and smell the tulips. is the autonomous car craze a trojan horse for evs?
maybe the other way around
what we know about ahmad khan rahami, suspect in the ny and nj bombings
another sociopath lunatic!!!
who composes the questionnaire that he proposes to use? him? lol, right! who will translate it when all of 1 culture is removed?
maybe that quack doctor of his can come up with a test.
dennis prager blames all american ills on atheism
pinker book is excellent
this is the kind of content i want to see at sfsu
pretty soon you'll have a large mural along our southern border where you can express your feelings towards trump.
i just started working with discovery...can we snag your email for a story idea? email sophia_asmuth.com
hi sophia - i'm samantha @ popcrush dot com!
. also trashes 's reporting. zero proof trump's given that much to charity or anywhere close
report found trump's given $5m+ to foundation and a lot of contradictions on claims of charity ...
what we're seeing with self-driving cars is similar to the social wars of late 2010's i think:
but the buy in is way higher
juan,how is it ur son has such great critical thinking skills?u defend the left?no common sense ...
yup! time to get tough! juan, just for you buddyi'm a grams and su...
yes. it currently shows as s3. *wg
let's hope it tats that way!! thank you
remember when mocked obama for promising to slow down the rise of the oceans? now same people cheer trump for empty...
he sounds like the north korean dear leader
kindly shove a stick up your ass
so a stick up ur pathetic old ugly ass is how you get your democratic kicks? like ur idol, you also smell stronger.
i wonder how old shirou was b4 he became a heroic spirit. i think by magecraft standards prob a bit younger than el melloi2
he's 17 now... maybe late 20's?
why is this me
why am i. it getting drunk texts? lol
them to death as per the instructions for dealing with traitors in the torah.
keep trying to justify the savagery of mohammad. you sick freak.
i want to make people smile for a living.
if you do my homework for me that will make me smile
thanks and nice! i'm still up here in great mistakes
at least it's not winter and freezing lol
if yellen jacks up rates and the markets crash... trump is proven right.
after 2 term presidents market does crack, of course mkt is not economy
update: i was also given a taco that i can't even pick up because of how broken the shell is 15 dollars my ass
step your game up
shout out to the gentleman at millbrae that helped the lady going down the stairs with a suitcase bigger than her
you in the bay, boo?
maye last for master of selfies
i miss his random selfies
talking about new sneakers, i'm hoping to get the jaws sneakers as a gift soon. but of course i won't wear them.
i really wanted to buy a pair. but i knew i would never wear them. i would snatch them up for half price
you may like my version better
mall attacker, san bernadino, florida club, ny pressure cookers, &amp; many more were....muslim.
i bet they're like... brother and sister, right?
only good friends. have there been any bullshit think pieces yet? how madi doesn't need a man.
our friend popped by to check out the pokeball buzz. cc: ...
major fomo right now
can't you guard let with "try?"?
you can, but that squashes any error information with a `nil`
extra credit will be given to whoever guesses the source of my car's nickname.
gavin creel's character in millie?
powerful image. our event with links the legacy of nuremberg with today's crisis.
yes and formed the basis of intl law to hold accountable those who committed acts of genocide and crimes against humanity
who's the man?you are mate.hope you are doing well
how come you are not at
where is the alternating a-team. need bobby ayala, rich amaral, and john halama
well guess i know my next topic
- what have we done. they have spread to more countries and taken back all we fought and died for in land. cmon jess
what does that matter abt land? trump wants to wall us off and make us isolated from the world.
hillary called trump racist 4 demanding strong vetting. then she flip-flops &amp; says we need strong vetting....
excuse me, excuse me...there's a difference between extreme vetting and strong vetting. (sarc).
true. but twitter, reddit, instagram, facebook, everywhere people are team vic which i honestly don't get
those polls mean nada america overtakes any polls polls had zach smashing donny and donny crushed them
"i'm watching that ted danson show tonight." "oh he's still trying to do things? "with that blonde girl." lollll
what are you doing here, other than judging people?
i've honestly never met a mewithoutyou fan i didn't like. at shows and otherwise. i think their music appeals to a certain type of person.
like every single person i've "met" on twitter thru our love for i like waayyyy better than my actual friends
why is this me
why am i not getting drunk texts? lol
you around? i missed you earlier
yes. i am here till 4.
hmm can you shoot us an email with details and the exact steps you're taking? we'll take a look for you
okay, thanks for looking into this.
f.r.i.e.n.d.s. is hilarious
literally the best show of the 2000s
i'm loyal. you got it sis.
thanks boo
reminder: the suspect in custody came to the us at age 7. how would you ideologically vet a seven year old?
easily, upon his return trips from afghanistan..if he changed allegiances revoke his citizenship..
eh. he's not outworking her unless you limit the campaign to cable news cycles. he's dominating those.
numbers i'm seeing show trump taking 5 days off since august 1, clinton 17 days off. not subjective, just data
my kids are ready for bed!!! yes!!! 5:25pm......!!
sounds like you got that bed from casco!
if that was the patron saint thomas brady...lord have mercy...welcome to bengalsdom
ball was well gone, so glad didn't get to see game. refs were just epically bad in flagging pitts
loving the new iphone 7
how much is your 6? lmao
clinton/democrats totally blameless, of course.
they're not spreading lies and hatred of other side as gospel, so, yes, of course.
except there's no evidence any information leaked, you're speculating
... there's no evidence of her emails being leaked? you being serious?
power of texting - 90% of texts are read in first 5 mins. data shows texts = 40% response rate
. but repeated texts from the same source prob don't generate same response rate (definitely not from me)
. i said the same thing this morning. there is a difference between poverty and broke. broke is a choice.
you know. and i won't say it's always a choice. i've seen jacked up stuff happen to people.
they are 'enemy combatants.' its completely legal.
no, it's not perfectly legal to deny us citizens the rights guaranteed in the constitution.
think i just got some great news. 2017 may just be my best year to date!
is wwe a possibility tho?
hello from the inside
'twas brief
oh this shit looks lit. i was just talking to von about how hard it is to keep up with new shit
i really love the new release radar because my discover weekly is all struggle rap
oh, my heart. it's a real book, and it's so beautiful!! thank you, and !
looks amazing! congratulations!!!
complete insanity.
no,true insanity is that in it's a felony to touch a pistol in a pre-licensing safety class.
recent national polls, conducted before weekend attacks, show clinton leading on terrorism
with everything that's going on and the people i speak with it seems this poll is just pure propaganda.
cut my dog's hair this weekend. when i was done the mess of fur in the trash looked like a dead .
no before and after pix?
you pray to the floor (hell) you get burn on your forehead (devils mark) allahs the devil
muslims are of the devil.
yeah right lmao good one
lmfao at least you know
malcolm was there he'll have all the answers. tony is prime suspect.
ha ha - i haven't seen him. too many really important people causing around
definitely worth adding to your toolbox. python + pandas is based off a lot of ideas from r and is also worth a look.
thanks, and thanks for the references about python/panda! got some studyin' to do!
7 weeks ago, was citing "a source" that the trump campaign "suicidal"... how quickly things change.
he should be nominated for the annual brian williams award for the most dishonet journalist
no - i went last year as well which is where i saw the product
awesome! we hope to see you there - hotshot will be at the expo village all week! come say hi!
got all the kids in bed before 9
if you get that bed from casco, theyll be i bed even earlier
the only thing making me hesitate about getting the modern snap is that there's no inside pocket!?!? plz bring back the pocket
i've yet to buy something from there but i've been a member since like 2010/11
you know. and i won't say it's always a choice. i've seen jacked up stuff happen to people.
but some people do continue to make poor money decisions.
hello! we do offer to ship to australia.
boosted can you retrieve a boosted board from australia? needs help getting his back!
and another way of saying "bully" would be "gov't official who abused power to retaliate against opposition"
yes, abuse of power. he was a scumbag for it, we decided that back in 2013 lol
they were on his instagram.
i haven't been using instagram for a few months. i went off the instagram grid. missing
happy monday to all turn up the song and play it loud everybody dance now
. . cheers :)
sen. grassley: dreamer (illegal alien w/daca) killed 12-yr-old girl in iowa after speeding thru red light- via
blame president obama and hillary ...
- actually more like 4 including the new ones, two trade centers as well. one is to many though
since 9/11 there have been 2 terrorist attacks in nyc. one was a guy with a cleaver.
i lived through all of this, only to see it rise again. when will we ever learn?
don't forget the irish!
you really are a sick son of a bitch "some you slew, some you took captive" quran 33.26
once again, james is being used to turn people against islam. our useful idiot.
better or worse than a walk to remember?
omg i love mandy moore but this blows it out of the water. wait, you didn't really want to know.. did you?
but some people do continue to make poor money decisions.
like boo! you're in bankruptcy. why are you going on a all inclusive vacation?
a positive and optimistic ? believe it. via
how much dream water did you give him, pete?
it's called elbows in game
:/ rb+yy on the xbone btw
on terrorism suspects: "we must have speedy but fair trials, &amp; we must deliver a harsh but just punishment to these people."
speedy trial and if guilty...execution!
according to one of my many songs, you gotta get a tat on your shoulder so tht i can bite it therefore i agree,
lol. wait, where have i heard that before? lmfao. i swear i just heard it in a song, but can't remember which one.
for the next few weeks i will be tweeting about all of my political opinions and what i believe to be our nation's pressing issues!
. you may wish to do speaking appearances in senior centers as seniors are hard hit by
thanks !!! what a bargain!!!
actually every time
read his bio. not tolerant of opposing views apparently.
ha. just keep watching fox news. i bet you also agree w/the fringe psychos who think sandy hook was a hoax. bye.
they chose their punishment because they wanted to have a jewish judge. the torah said death.
so of course mohammad had to act like a savage. crawl back under your rock sicko.
running 2 different types of campaigns-she's building field &amp; raising $$ to be spent. he's running a campaign via rally &amp; cable
the 17 days includes no rallies or fundraising events.
this happened right around the corner from our office :( praying for safety and peace for all new yorkers.
i work nearby to. but fortunately there were no fatalities
for 2015. total priv ins line
ah. the gain of 5.6m?
putting three kids to bed is a lot harder than it seems
if you get their beds from casco, you'll never have a problem with that again!
so good. i've got a film poster of it up in our office.
amc. because movies are always better when there are commercials ;)
i've accepted jesus twice! does that mean i'll get to heaven before you?
jesus is going to destroy islam and scum like you.
someome do mun with me
they grow up so fast
looking for a new router? i'll help you pick the best one:
def. agree having a great router is important. we just found out about this one (ever heard of it?)
i believe aaron said he wrote it after driving through the most commercialized parts of philadelphia. is that the story?
i'm gonna say yes//one of my fave things to do is look at all the annotations on mwy songs on genius
well called him evil. and retweeted this guy saying it:
that might have been too harsh. i'll take that retweet down.
miss coming up with concepts with you
honestly i miss this the most. we needy a concept creation date
wake up america! caused the in this victim just went to the mall!
i hope they are strong and recover quickly. this poor man.
irony: hillary blames trump for ny attack, accuses trump of treason via
globalist dems are pulling out all the stops...msm barrage of pure propaganda..lost her mind
overwatch is
i'll probably pick it up then. you have a one of a ps4?
hoping to help grow this rock star teacher's pln!
thanks, , for info about whom i just followed. great connection. how are you doing?
got released that chem trails are in fact real
we've known this
not a steelers ha but this one wasn't so bad. the knee and the mitchell hit should have been flagged
disagree, ball was gone, u can even see dalton starting to relax after its released, late hit.
the rest is rising with or without peter thiel
without, please. and good riddance
i'm sort of ready to go back, aren't you???
really ready!!!!!
happy birthday my nigga get fucked up cuhz ahaha
thanks my nigga i appreciate it
i guess i'm skeptical that rallies/cable news appearances truly matter.
when cable news covers his every move, the massive amount of free airtime does matter, yes.
i just wanna go to philly and nobody wanna go
gotta go to john roast park for a phillysteak sandwich !
i wanted to buy yeezy 750 triple blacks for my birthday. if i continue these spending habits, this won't happen lol.
the most i'm dropping is $999
it's not journalism... which is fine... so long as it is disclosed.
true entertainment
a shameless and selfish act of mamta banerjee. mr. ratan tata is a tuff man. he is least bothered about dirty games of mamta.
now ratan tata acting like a opponent of mamata in real politics that is ridiculous his all other business w b do well
that's what the best foreign language film category is for.
though it should be even on both sides. the emmys nominating tv shows both american &amp; foreign &amp; the oscar's....
how donald trump is using fear, not facts, to win over america via
his supporter don't understand facts. he would have never gotten this far otherwise.
some of the restaurant names in times square have me salivating on the way to work. "ok deli"? "port authority food court"? who can resist!!
lucky some of the smells of times square will take care of that salivation really quick. but you'll cry instead, so yay?
being all responsible today: up and out early, scheduled a work out, and having my tires checked. look at me on a monday!
almost like a grown up! yikes!! lol
this city is funny, u can be in a room full of people u know but ppl will just stare and won't say hi unless they need something from u
can't wait to visit
me throughout....
i fell asleep in the movie theater. i didn't hate afflecks batman but everything else was trash.
reached for my phone in my pocket and found a stick of deodorant instead. hey yall what's the same about the iphone 7 and a stick of deodora
you can't charge a stick of deodorant and listen to music at the same time
"planning before work protects you from regret" - advice in arabic from 10th century relevant to fundraising!
an ounce of prevention equals a pound of cure.
making a billion bucks is not stupid. if it is, &amp; you haven't made a billion bucks, then you're a moron!!
- he flim flams ppl like you and you believe - sad - but he is a ...
i don't even know what one is! :p
oh come on, you're not that old
that's what the best foreign language film category is for.
nominating film's both american &amp; foreign.
i missed u so much
miss u too cuzzie i'm finally out the hospital after a month! i'll swing by
i'd play the def. get the points
that's because wilson owls are aggressive , we go for the throat! love that attitude
david cook denver 9/17/2016 thanks for a really great show!!!!
loud love from denver!! eastcoast style!!
and christopher logan is the pro-islam unicorn. just because you say things doesnt make them so
the savagery muslims support shows it.
that is simply the dumbest comment ever! i bet you believe in more than 2 genders also.
it is an intelligent comment unless you are an anti-science loony religious jack-ass....
a million revisions later, looks like i'm finally ready to submit for publication. send me good vibes, this is my 1st leap back in the ring!
you got this!
how donald trump is using fear, not facts, to win over america via
hate and fear is the only thing his supporters get. sad
brutal. i can't imagine how frustrating that would be
i'm glad everything is here and not broken. thank the lord
nyc mayor de blasio says pres. obama called him praising the people of nyc for their resilience.
no need for resilience if you simply stop letting terrorists into the country.
only a true zepphead will figure this one out.
and she's buying the stairway to heaven.
that's wack yo
i ended up stretching it so it would fit.
ronda rousey quit ufc today. hope yall didn't pay her too much. i told you to change the poster, but i'm sure she got $$$
hi there. very proud of having ronda on the cover of our game. please send more information on her "quitting" ufc. thanks.
are the ssr summons that drop from omega raids actually worth keeping at all?
the first 4 are amazing/borderline necessary, the later ones after that you will stash away until you grind them for crafting mats
and christopher logan is the pro-islam unicorn. just because you say things doesnt make them so
come to america and try to impose islamic rule. you will not know what hit you. fact.
guys guys hey hey hey guys guys uh guys hey guys remember ello?
i really wanted to like ello, i really did
and another way of saying "bully" would be "gov't official who abused power to retaliate against opposition"
did you know that the ex-pres of haiti came forward to tell how the clintons once tried to bribe him, and when
i think salary varies by geography. stl police don't make that much.
they clean up here in the northeast. lots and lots of overtime pay.
the fatal five we deserved was tiff/day/meech/nat/bridgette. we got 3/5 tho but ratcole &amp; flopkiyah robbed us from a 5/5
day was a hot mess (incapable of trust) though and the main reason that girls alliance failed
the sad reality of where pros drop the ball on online lead conversion
. many "leads" use false email addresses or don't provide info that facilitates follow up
oh the travis scott album is finally on tidal i see, guess i'll go listen to that (cc: )
i'm sorry, do you actually have tidal? i thought this was a joke the whole time.
who am i taking?
you're taking .
only good friends. have there been any bullshit think pieces yet? how madi doesn't need a man.
same shit different show. saw a video on yt. the actress that plays madi, is dark and lovely.
sources: nflpa withdrawn randy gregory appeal. suspension not set in stone, but strong indications it will run through week 14, not week 10.
consecutive years of awful use of 2nd rd pick. another reason why the defense is awful.
anyway rss is an outdated organization and should be in museum now.
question: what is the goal or purpose of rss?
my phone starts acting up right around the time a new iphone comes out... weird.
ditto lol they got voodoo phones
they are stupid lol
this coming from a guy named dooley! y'all know anyone named dooley knows zilch about football.
my timeline is all justin and hailey did something happen?!?
no just justin switched hotels because hailey was in the same hotel as him
i agree but he is still better than clinton. out of the whole of the usa those 2 are the best they can come up with.
hmm "ukip" whose leader vocally praised putin the other day
i hope cbs shocks them all with the results then bc natalie truly deserves it imo
i hope she gets it and james if she doesnt just to smack the other hgs in da face
i'm so glad i got into the misfits last year. lifechanging.
still mad my mom wouldn't let me buy this shirt in the 6th grade
right, but presumably she's not taking those days off in the conventional sense. it's debate prep, message meetings, etc.
but the public doesn't know that. 7-point drop in the rcp and all polls trending trump reflect that.
wait that's a 1 time thing or monthly? lol
monthly but once i restore it on my new phone i'm gonna cancel it
and another way of saying "bully" would be "gov't official who abused power to retaliate against opposition"
he didn't accept he had his visa revoked, and billions of dollars of assistance money held?
investigators operating under assumption alleged terrorist did not act alone
he did not act alone.his family if culpable..should have their citizenship revoked...
also can we talk about the featured image she chose for this because
crazy ex girlfriend is a fucking revelation and deserves more love so ty
daymm..... get off my dick already
u messaged me hoe with your fake ass 1 follower account, lol.
psa if you wanna smoke it's not that hot at marina
not all heros wear capes
i just could see you loving that movie.
unsure if i should be offended or proud.....
i have not seen this but from the trailer it looks like "encouraging shia labeouf: the movie"
haha, says it's great! i loved arnold's 'fish tank,' so we'll see...
anyway rss is an outdated organization and should be in museum now.
they say hindu unity- working since 1925- still caste system exist.
why isn't the snowy map in ranked yet
why don't you play whiff me anymore.
what are your thoughts on espn/bernie fine?
i'm not sure, but this stuff is so sensitive you got to vet it completely.
same shit different show. saw a video on yt. the actress that plays madi, is dark and lovely.
no wonder they're pressed, lol!
report found trump's given $5m+ to foundation and a lot of contradictions on claims of charity ...
the exchange between and fox on trump's charitable giving is amazing.
one of my favorite sources of inspiration and information :) follow erika.
- thank you, as always. :-)
this just in: trump has accused hillary clinton of starting trump university. media goes along with his assertion.
obama &amp; hrc co-founders of trump university, according to
lol i wish i can't even get a pair for myself but i'm just saying there's a lot of places you can try i'm sure you can get 1
i don't got time to enter raffles bro cuz of work smfh but i'll try online. if i strike out i strike out.
gucci wants to dress me for my next event. drooling over their new lookbooks and have nooo idea what to choose.
send me all of them for approval. please and thank you.
putting islam1st &amp;hesayshe's islam&gt; =death via
here it goes&gt; obama's aim is toradislamitize worldwatch him
i fear that the presidents refusal to refer to this attack as what it truly is will play right into trump's hand.
ya think, scoots? been working for 7 years. why do you think we have trump? maga
trump is ripping isis ideology apart in strong, bold, unapologetic fashion. and it is damn refreshing.
juan williams is a classic libtard. his arguments sound reasonable but are exclusively the reason nothing is done!
curry is pretty much an automatic positive in +/-. however in 112 mins w/ andy v netrtg was -11.4. lmao
and 90 of those minutes also had draymond green. basically andy v is the unstoppable force that beats the warriors
origin, if it debuts on network, basic cable or premium cable tv, is automatically eligible for emmy consideration."
that works bro!!!
til, there is literally a \_()_/ emoji in one of the recipe files for one of our chef cookbooks
delete this
"chris christie plotted traffic chaos for motorists to wreak revenge on a mayor who refused to back him"
such a petty little slimeball.
as long as there is a neglected child in the background of selfie
and an annoyed pet.
from memory the xlb there are the only ones i've had that hold a candle to din tai fung. give it a go if you have time!
will have some time on the weekend, so will drop in. thanks for the reminder!
not sure what's losing more, your lame narrative or this lame response. .
. go rt trolls or compliments in order to make urself feel better. thats ur game. you dont have a shtick cause u arent creative
it's still hot as fuck out here in the bay
it's 72 in daly where i am, not 97 like in stockton so i'll take it lmao
anyway rss is an outdated organization and should be in museum now.
rakesh sinha says that entire hindu samaj wants ram mandir- exclude arya samajis
benihana was so good!
thanks for taking me
it's the champagne and i had at our wedding. very thoughtful of them!
classy af. i support.
can i hit 600 by tonight
67 more plays!
how are we not hanging out like all the time when we live the same life
kindred spirits from across the twitterverse
and another way of saying "bully" would be "gov't official who abused power to retaliate against opposition"
good example of "gov't offical who abused power to retaliate against opposition", only with life/death stuff?
look who i ran into for - the only, fabuloso
90 and lex! vente
i agree w/that 100%. she should be all over cable. but what % of voters watch cable news &amp; are undecided? that's the key ?
not just cable, but social media after. no events &amp; few ints means no one is talking about you/allows trump to control narrative.
me too but i'm a fan... larry just has problems :)
we have a fantasy battle to settle tonight. i'm up big but you have numerous guys playing tonight so it could be very close
white girl probs
so basic
this would have been a bloodbath had this exploded during rush hour. get real bollwage no place is safe.
not to worry-unn cty has emergency mgmt planner n there's no discrimination civil rights comm oversees?
why is the msm ignoring wikileaks now? why are we not seeing all of this on the news?
msm won't report because the crime is the leak rather than the corruption.
you realise pretending you have a child is illegal? right
it's not illegal! lol
really!!?? ahh i'm so happy for you!! where did you find it? what pressing did you get!! i need the details
lmao i'm so happy there's finally someone who gets as excited as i do. i've been checking ebay and discogs religiously and
i wanted the 7 plus, i settled for the 7
i have large hands, the plus fits them better.
and 90 of those minutes also had draymond green. basically andy v is the unstoppable force that beats the warriors
the leagues best curry stopper
when and sit in the front of the classroom like nerds
when the back was taken
he backed off that too. trump means not one word he says.
he's a better risk than hildebeest. i might agree if johnson had a chance, but the number are not there.
to be fair, the comment isn't wrong
delete the code as well
anti-israel speech on campus shouldn't be banned, according to cuny investigation
anti speech should be banned muslim, israel, christian, as long as that speech does not incite violence
i haven't had los cucos in almost 3 years. i am suffering.
okay that is an emergency elizabeth
i'm proud to endorse barbara comstock for congress-and here's why her election is so critical:
well aren't you special with your endorsements, which mean nothing!
i mean, at the end of the day, i think 3 things matter: debates, field/gotv, &amp; outside events. beyond that, i'm skeptical that
debates and outside events will decide, agree.
thank you!!! hope you are enjoying the beautiful day!
sorry for late reply; yes it was a lovely day, nicer than today. but rain or shine. you always look ravishing, dear lady!
this would have been a bloodbath had this exploded during rush hour. get real bollwage no place is safe.
not to worry-unn cty has emergency mgmt planner n there's no discrimination civil rights comm oversees?
oh? i have no idea what these random "100% bonus to ______ skills" things do, though. i have the dark one.
each weapon skill is categorized. the dark one says "boost to shalim's skills" and the dark drops are all "shalim's x"
i enjoy the golden globes and sags much more!
though i myself as i mentioned yesterday. i don't watch award shows.
why does the c magically become an f?? why???
if i could answer that...
you're so cute oh my god????
your icon!! so pure :'((
question: what is the goal or purpose of rss?
we still have dalit issue- what rss has done to bring hindu unity? caste system exist
$nvda breakout alert: watch for possible bo above 63.98, no resistance in area just above. target: 70.07, 11.8%
$nvda alert continues: watch for possible bo above 64.3, no resistance in area just above. target: 70.31, 10.4%
the leagues best curry stopper
these are regular season numbers btw, the reg season steph and dray set historic +/- records in. well until andy showed up
just ordered my first 6pack after hearing a ton of great reviews! can't wait to check-it-out
hey brian! awesome to hear it - please let us know what you think!
big: trump receives philly police endorsement, hillary's team blew off
s what are you going to do to end companies that outsource sakes people, pay no salaries or benefits!!!! bubkas
trump with another falsehood about his positions on the war in iraq in florida today, then mocks obama:
is there a name for someone bragging about being right about something he was wrong about? lying, aspiring braggart?
for sure i am not letting my wife &amp; kids out 2 shop today. nice try bollwage.u learned ur craft of spin well from ku
not to worry-unn cty has emergency mgmt planner n there's no discrimination civil rights comm oversees?
especially nicole and paul lmao they'll be so shook
yep james n nat not winning anything would be devastating but at least they got eachother
wth does this mean?!
call me triggered and laughing, triggered laughing at your service ;)
congrats to fsa alumnus on this new job at !
- thanks! first day at today
while we were still "waiting" today hillary we went ahead and locked up the terrorist !
how come hillary does not call terrorists deplorable...??????
i want mine signed too. please!
i won't forget those who supported me from the beginning. xo
this co-working space i'm in today has lcd screens at the front desk that say, "more balls, less chains" [sic]. what does that even mean?
it means they like balls, don't like chains.
really!!?? ahh i'm so happy for you!! where did you find it? what pressing did you get!! i need the details
finally found one listed on discogs.3rd pressing clear gold, nm for $64.i don't know much about prices but i couldn't let this
right, but what i'm getting at is that that narrative reaches you and i. but does it reach &amp; move average joe q public?
it appears to be if all the polls over the past four weeks are any indication l.
i was laid up for a bit but now i'm back. what'd i miss? i assume nothing eventful has happened to headphone jacks?
you're back? like back back? like in the office back?
football and chill bro, worked a few hours saturday
gotcha you must be happy with falcons
paper planes, xxxo, tell me why, galang, jimmy
where is bamboo banga :(
and another way of saying "bully" would be "gov't official who abused power to retaliate against opposition"
(skyler this is ur cue to say its basically the same thing, only thousands of people died in haiti but whatevs)
white gays are always saying "what about me?!?" bitch what about you?
imagine going a day without mentioning whites gays #
these are regular season numbers btw, the reg season steph and dray set historic +/- records in. well until andy showed up
s/o for casually mentioning this on pod and getting me to look into the numbers. it's hilarious
i know wanda my son is going to newyork in 2 weeks xo
tell him to keep his eyes and ears open and have lots of fun!
we always find time to support a great initiative in favor of rights! french fm on...
congratulations to for walking . join high-level lgbt event on wednesday at 4 p.m.
yes. thanks for asking. was gonna dedicate it to you before remembering your issues with literacy.
oh, u were gonna enlighten me after you called me a loser? hm. i'd rather have literacy issues than be a flippant jerk like u
right, but what i'm getting at is that that narrative reaches you and i. but does it reach &amp; move average joe q public?
gotta run for a tv thing. thanks for the civil feedback.
i am not a jill or gary voter.
glad to hear! what prompted you to let me know this?
come over to the dark side - our newest flavor - dark chocolate sea salt
i need this!
my cousin has celiac disease so she can't have gluten at all but there are so many gf options these days that she's all good!
that's what i'm thinking, i think i'm just gonna consciously avoid gluten and if it's that easy then i'll stick to it!
if you don't hang out with and i don't talk about us, don't even fuckin think about us cause you don't know shit about us
i hang wit both you homies. we're all cool here ;')
my shit is like 70% samples and cool new wave r&amp;b. like 5-10% struggle lol
i listen to so much rap researching for shows that i think the algorithm has to go deep to find stuff i haven't heard. mostly trash
videos show cops approaching with his hands up, shooting him, then walking away leaving him to die...
insane...wtf are they doing &amp; did they need to shoot him with 5 officers apprehending ?
when i come back it's bar time
i couldnt be more excited to be drunk with anyone but you
can i hit 600 by tonight
56 more plays!
hmmmm thank you!!
your welcome and people asked hailey if she was going to his concert tomorrow and she said no rudely
rooney's performance on sunday...
time for the door come january window.
this can't be true.
lmao who makes up these things man
some doodles of a happy place and a simpler time since its that day again and i miss this and him
i'm so sorry :( it's so great that you're expressing this with positive happy memories, you're so strong
big: trump receives philly police endorsement, hillary's team blew off
crooked corporations
yeah so. if you ignore some of his idiotic foreign moves. he is a strong leader who stands up for his country
oh my god and crushes dissidents, political opponents, gays, and is essentially the leader of a kleptocracy
oh alrite word. you try the confirmed app?
that shit has failed me every time, but i'll let you know if i get through on wednesday.
thank you &gt; thanks.
in an email or real life?
wondering which self-help book you should read next? take our quiz and let us help you decide!...
arrrrgh i totally tried to get my own book and i didn't lol :)
fox fire stupid juan! has dead mosquito brain/anti-trump goon!
stupid w/dead mosquito brain dana chidedw/ mentally retardedhill on terrorism
am i the only one that thought that louie anderson was dead?lol! haven't seen him in ages!
likewise here. it was like he dropped off the face of the earth.
jason garrett has always been the mediocre coach of a mediocre team playing not to lose. but sunday's onside sent new message. going for it!
it also said "mo confidence in his defense". and with obvious good reason.
*data based on 4 survey questions ok what were the questions?
i would guess they're using this standard set of questions in social science
really!!?? ahh i'm so happy for you!! where did you find it? what pressing did you get!! i need the details
one slip like i've never come across a copy on either site. now just praying for a cfutf copy
y'all i finally got this shit to work, who wanna see a new video today?
i just been editing all day, only left the crib to grab pizza lol
so you're saying what, exactly?
call me cynical, but i believe is saying team usa is done.
ethiopian-israelis seek us intervention against ethiopian government
why must americans always sacrifice lives first, and kill more humans?its time for brave coalition
i second this appreciation tweet.
always happy to help :)
yes! frank doesn't like the lame drug addiction stuff with finn. "just move on." ia
move on yes, but don't get rid of easton.
weren't there more? or did you delete them
they're on my laptop, and i didn't like lost of them anyways. you know how picky i was w/ the pics i take.
do i have a longer character limit where i can fit all these words and stuff. i can just blabber here and it don't...
why would anyone ever tweet just text again? the gif will always fit.
it was so bomb
thanks for having breakfast with mee and thanks for the bottle opener
laundry now. got like 3 loads to do... till then chilling and working on a load of another sort.......
*sniffs all over and woofs at*
hey gregg everyone..we playing each other again
three game series should be funny panthers good win
oh? can we get a photo to compare? :p
i didnt have the chance to take photo :p was doing benchpress
last night called out the incompetence of hillary clinton who's just "more of the same." go judge!
hillary will not call terrorists deplorable..why????
nahhhhh that's hands lmao
it really irks my nerves
but like...why does he like him so much
kerr seems to truly believe in power of positive energy. lieks to reward guys who are great practice players
"mm, hmm~ in the meantime, would you like me to make you something to eat?"
yes please!!
weren't there more? or did you delete them
they're on my laptop, and i didn't like most of them anyways. you know how picky i was w/ the pics i take.
florida police say an alligator attacked a homeless man who was swimming in a river.
my advice would be to avoid swimming in alligator infested rivers.
cleaning isn't so bad when you have a bissell. reply &amp; follow by 7pm est for a chance to win one!
the dogs hair/tumble weeds as call them is the worst to vacuum up.
i'm assuming you mean the skills on the weapons that the omegas drop? i know my other dark ssr weapon has oblivion's x, lol.
yeah, oblivion's is the other category, there's a different summon that buffs those (it also doesn't drop)
awww ya hair used to be so long you got anymore pics of us
ik! lol &amp; yeah my dad always showing me some pictures of us lol
when german police a refugee center visit. how medieval times in chain mail. reason: because cut &amp; stab wounds.
if they want to be all stabby, then send the fuckers back!
stop sucking my ass, you ugly.
i'm jk. this is so cute
hey henry i msg-ed to your linkedin and fb. let me know if there is any spot for wednesday cocktail event!
everyone is welcome at the cocktail party.
mn mall attacker "was a normal american kid. i can't see anyone more assimilated than that guy." -- another somali
so speaks the kenyan leader of isis.
no one likes being touched by donald trump. here are the photos that prove it:
it's those small reptilian lizard-like hands or perhaps they just sense trump is a raging asshole
laughing at all the people telling my friend - an ivy league grad who's done more for our country than t...
thank you, daphne! i will indeed be going back (to brooklyn)
yeah that's just about the only thing i ever thanks parents for
jk i'm greatful as fuck &amp; thank them for everything
hillary clinton being representative of the "first woman president" is setting the feminist movement back 170 years.
when we said we wanted a woman president we ment an intelligent, honest, sophisticated, loving, caring woman not hillary
oh my god and crushes dissidents, political opponents, gays, and is essentially the leader of a kleptocracy
must be getting old. just want moderate people who argue about policy. all this whacky extremism is doing me in
thinkin bout relaunching this shirt
i take resemblance to that shirt... wait i think i used the wrong word there kappa
you can tell which ppl pushing strollers on greenwich ave are rich parents and which are au pairs/nannies because nannies don't run you over
if you live in tribeca they give you a license to mow down the poors traversing the sidewalk if your stroller cost more than their rent
i guess we're just asking these things as fact based on one person's testimony, right?
i was about to tweet that same exact thing to you, ya know, cause it's the same exact thing with christie lol
i just been editing all day, only left the crib to grab pizza lol
it was the simplest shit ever i'm so mad. i would've had this video out last friday
that is only part of the profiling plan, &amp; plenty of law experts agree. he will also be
let me guess, you're one of those "legal experts." who's going to be waterboarded?
marf. how is?
you look really good in that pic ^^
decision making or play calling ?
that can't be the first option on third and long
the jamie liddell show was off the hook! daru rules!
much appreciate! i'd love to work with you as well. shout to
happy birthday nic!!! ily
thank you ri love youu
this is true. because no value has been proved so far.
i think the problem is ai still needs too much customization. so it's hard for companies without ai talent to leverage it.
is there a link to these instastories?
no links :/ they need to add notifications for seeing people's insta stories
these are not the houses they lived in
those are the houses in front of the park
so fraud is legal ?? wowww
it's not fraud if there is no kid involved. this is just a stunt! have you heard of actors?
:( i miss them
i think everyone does but maybe they'll eventually become friends again
i've been wanting something like this since forever. cc:
soupscription
clear instructions that i should not do anything.
those are such stressful instructions. "don't do anything! this will spontaneously combust!"
i'm maybe in the minority but i would pick dead last over cash n' guns in a heartbeat! no question.
i never liked cash 'n guns.
a new dhs report finds that more than 800 people were wrongly given us citizenship
getting us citizenship isn't easy &amp; for wrongly given 800 people theirs something is very fishy
emergency alert today in nyc shows system's flaws. feds eye fix next wk. here's how. scoop by me +
don't paywall me bro
where's my avi?
ricky did you hear what the commish said about lv and the new lv polls
you a bitch nigga in real life so, we even. lmao.
nah that live fast, die young shirt kinda dope tho i'll give you that
*taking these things as fact
only in my example, hundreds of thousands of people died because they were denied assistance : p
shirley, can you croak now, please? ik it sounds harsh, but your insensitive/offensive remarks are just as hurtful...
- throw the kitchen sink. we have come to the tipping pt where huge% of us is strong support of destruction of all
i don't have enough candy silly billy
well put one as your buddy and walk with it!! :p
over the next few weeks, we'll share stories of real employees and why they are :
you folks are so awesome.
. gorgeous space! thank you for sharing .
it truly is!! are you working from a coworking space in ny? :)
u need to monitor kean univ where taxpayer money is wasted on hi paying salaries 4 in house lawyers 2 sue employees
what a difference a data base of keanu information makes?
i find it stupid when hypebeast try to use quality to justify why they like a product.
if u really liked the product, you wouldnt feel the need to justify why u like it.
brainstorming leads to my column and it's not going well...
. i'd find out where i got those bomb-ass glasses and buy out the entire stock so no one else can have them (jake jarmel-style)
whoopsie! 800+ immigrants with security concerns accidentally awarded full citizenship, per inspector general report
why are we not revoking?????
why is the environmental movement not crying out for ccs? because they fear it might work, suspects myles allen
costs? i thought we were still working on technical feasibility. but on his main point, many enviros, me 1/2
i just spoke with about her new films and her band
loved her as chiana; such a complex character &amp; her makeup job was astonishing. amazing actress &amp; beautiful lady!
my dog has an appointment for the vet tomorrow at 3pm. i hope whatever is causing him to breathe shallowly and not eat is nothing serious.
my roommate's driving back from la today to help me take care of the dog and myself. and are a miserable combo sometimes.
only silver lining for us is europe's win was in ot. which means us would advance with 2 regulation wins.
of course assuming europe gets no poibts v can
i asked census about all the new priv ins gains - they said ppl on medicare might be counting ma and medigap plans...
in 2015, 482k over 65 said to gain private; 1.6 million, public. but maybe some under 65 gains in medicare too?
federal prosecutor says christie knew about lane closings
how could he not know.
facts over fiction, game spit some shit but don't matter when it ain't real
who's to say it isn't tho bro?
for example.. if you steal.. you get your hands cut off.. capisce?
sweetie, i will never sacrifice liberty over security as franklyn would say
thanks very much. the support you continue to give us is awesome! have a great day :)
you are most welcome. i actually can't wait to see the full feature!
my wife reminds me i am daily.
i do the same to my boyfriend. don't know how he hasn't broken up with me yet
it was the simplest shit ever i'm so mad. i would've had this video out last friday
but on the bright side i got another (banger) video on my sd card to edit which means i can stay in nyc longer &amp; work from up here
why does takeoff of the migos get no type of love?
cus he's the uncle
hehe. thankies!
wouldn't mind stealing you for a bit ;)
police union asks members, sheriff's office to stop working dolphins games until all players stand for anthem
that's a decent response
i think the worst thing fox does for the right is skew its priorities. gop always talking about issues (benghazi) that only fox cares about.
. tbh gop is hung up on the past. they want to re-litigate everything, benghazi, emails, &amp; roe v wade. just to block progress
as sexy as original delorian was, mechanically it's a terrible car. bad handling, bad engine. federal regulations w...
i drove one once and was legitimately terrified. you can't see anything!!
no, not back back. online back.
that's better than nothing! welcome back!
here it goes&gt; obama's aim is toradislamitize worldwatch him
itswhyobama ignoreholocauston
*taking these things as fact
(assistance in fighting cholera too, that the un brought there)
i think you're over-selling yourself.
i'm sure if u read my timeline while not blasting leonard skinner and drinking ur 3 dollar pint of genny cream ale, youd get it
so thankful for the new job getting fitter, less depressed and more productive ;)
srsly tho when i have a shit day work is better than netflix
there is also one in nyc 2 weeks later
i guess i'll have to go then
it would be so much nicer if the apollo moon landings, the mars curiosity rover, and the discovr satellite had not been faked.
really? really?? come on dude. you have better things to do, i know it. go volunteer at a shelter or a library.
living the dream
but with only 50% batt do u have enough to catch them all?
wells fargo ceo john stumpf says the bank failed its customers and the american public
failure to approve debits backed with cash
who else is proud to say that they are a year 2 survivor?
after the long dry spells (i had shorter ones in my love life and i my first time with a woman i was 38) i can't wait for roi tmi?
we've created a political process where they can't survive. we'll be waiting a long time...
i believe we can change this process.
in honor of 's incredible legacy, tell us which of his plays is your favorite and why. we'll rt &amp; share your choices.
the goat. sheer brilliance. taught me empathy and how, when one is lacking love, they will seek it wherever they can. rip
glad to see you meeting ppl and having fun - keep up good work with !
thank you my friend
i'm mad we loss but cooper was pushed out, idgaf what anybody says! titans rbs goin be crucial! it was a fun &amp; sad game to watch
man i want to see changes actual change not just the bull talk they always bring out
you don't have to say it. we already know why you don't.
yup. they stay exposing themselves.
you are not what you have done - you are what you have overcome
i have never been caught for murdering anyone. i have overcome being arrested!
just bought tix - account was charged but the tix aren't in the app and haven't been emailed. help a bro out?
wow putting me on blast. when's the game?
it's crazy to think that we could start a revolution at anytime
if so i want to be remembered lol
one thing about this election's aftermath seems certain: a *massive* rethinking of the efficacy of tv ads for presidential campaigns
actually think where hillary might be without tv ads? the rethink might be how the press covers presidential candidates.
and here's my seal of approval
tromarrrrifffic! ty
do their strollers come with gold plated cowcatchers on the front?
gold is too ostentatious. they come equipped with very practical tax shelter finders
i'm going to need a beer(s) after this one today. no patience for unprofessionalism. ...as i'm complaining on twitter.
when shelley duvall is smoking a cigarette in the shining. that's what i expect you look/feel like right now
i'd like to know where my stepdad got the idea that liberals don't count potatoes as vegetables, like when was that discussed ??
everyone knows that...??
i vomited after a breakup once. weirdest shit ever. no tears just bleh.
maaaannnn when it's so nerve wrecking that you're physically sick? girl. yes. for real.
no one cares about her&amp;republicans trying to push trump as any kind of candidate!her career is tied to gop!2018 doa!
deplorable!
too bad he was born in england - he'd make a great president
nah... he'd make a great investigative reporter who tells important stories while making you laugh. kind of like... what he does!
let's make it an official poll...
the only poll that matters is race day
i think chatbots could be incorporated nicely in community building. look forward to experimenting with that!
keep me updated on your experiments!! i'm also looking into it
costs? i thought we were still working on technical feasibility. but on his main point, many enviros, me 1/2
included, see ccs as an excuse to avoid needed emergency.mitigation. 2/2
"everyone who wants to go to college should be able to without drowning in debt." -hillary
forget my debt just drown
the score to star trek: the motion picture is such a full, satisfying meal.
the movie's just like a....score delivery system
if i'm lucky, this path i'm about to run will take me to another dimension or world.
at the end is the master sword.
is it like a secret or something?
haha no it's on the top of ig (not from computers)
2 hours to get your own
bruh these are ugly af
welcome to the realm of critics ( &amp; me) who stuck up for gods of egypt
i have more interest in a 2nd viewing of gods of egypt than la la land!
but on the bright side i got another (banger) video on my sd card to edit which means i can stay in nyc longer &amp; work from up here
video won't be up till about 8 ima need all y'all to go fw it &amp; slap a like bc every youtuber done hopped on this shit now &amp; im late
the finessin never stops
everyone has to eat
awesome guide by . mine would be very, very similar: an eater's guide to chicago via
i'm guessing you wouldn't include the part about making a reservation at schwa
niggas diss meek they speak on nicki cuz ain't nothing else to say he speaks facts
he was clownin' meek. it ain't really fiction if he aint lie about somethin. game bodied that shit b.
. mmm... i grew up on sugar pops, capn crunch, sugar smacks/golden crisp, et al...
i see - you were on a perpetual sugar high through childhood - yeah i relate to that
pumped to see some great new works tonight at fellows!
i know that isn't the totally correct use of the hashtag but i love it so much, i had to!
first sip of coffee in the new spot. ready for my next chapter in nyc to begin.
congrats jozen! those floor are gorge!
col erik gilbert, commander, speaks with the pentagon press corps in a few moments. follow our live tweets here!
god bless the 82nd airborne special opps strong servive and the weak pass by the way side all the way everyday
trump deleted this tweet.
wow, that's almost like an apology?
why does takeoff of the migos get no type of love?
cus he's the nephew*
email them to me i wanna see! lol
remind me around 6 when i'm home.
rahami "vacationed" several times in afghanistan, majored in "criminal justice reform." he imported a wife here from middle east.
as did . always thought trump was coordinating the attacks for his own benefit
new yorkers woke up to a scary, unprecedented alert this morning. they're just divided on how they feel about it.
it was an appropriate tool for law enforcement to use. it warned the public and speeded the capture of the terrorist.
things are different when you have oracle's scale. from handouts to presentation quality.
my guess is those things all get worse as bland corporate marcom takes over
this is sooo us
"y'all need me more than i need you"
as bad as this looks, and believe me, this is bad... i still won't stop eating
luis that's disgusting lmfao pls stop
oh, calm down baby. thank you for the reinforcement of that same "stereotype". dummy.
and who are you?
i also spoke w new movies and playing on
odo made ds9 fun; noble character w/ shapeshifting done right, unlike character of maya in old space:1999.
and then i got religion.
you put that back where you found it, some people need it
justin bieber and sofia richie -- yeah, it's over ...
it never started
you know what they say the bigger the hoop the bigger the hoe
that only applies to boris
this literally happened to me before. saw him in a bar and actually threw up.
i'm so sorry. also can i add -- i felt so bad that that was (literally) my gut reaction.
do their strollers come with gold plated cowcatchers on the front?
but i didn't know that cowcatcher was the name of the device attached to trains so thanks for expanding my vocabulary
you were born to be on the red carpet
have i told you how great you are
nashville councilwoman: deciding who sleeps in your home is a privilege bestowed by government, not a right
oh goody another gov official who wants to step on your right to use your property, don't ya just love old mother gov
there's a truck when they put the turf out during the holidays
ugh i know why can't it be there everyday
not been biased but how gigio doesn't make that top 20 at 17 is unbelievable with some of them names in there.
i agree, it's bullshit. but it doesn't shock me considering how bad milan have been. fifa is a popularity game after all
itswhyobama ignoreholocauston
you won't believe your eyes &amp;ears if you watch
in love with sound
appreciate the love
jesus could have chosen any method... but men were his method of winning the world to god.
jesus warns us of men who focus too much on power/authority "don't lord authority over others" especially authority u don't have
bermuda in a foiling 45! great event for a great man!
says "hi." wind at your sails, we're at 2016.
okey dokey lol
that's me
my daughter is working at a hs as a student teacher &amp; a junior handed her this note today. pretty gutsy out of him,...
does he know these notes went out in the late 90s.... give him credit, for even trying
and how is it that smb is only 33%? that seems way too low. smb should be closer to 100%
at we have zero servers. laptops, devices, and cloud, that's all.
seriously you should see some of these iphone scratch tests on youtube. not like real world usage. who scratches their phone with knives?
who puts their iphone in a blender? lol
oh come on peachs don't be shy let's hear it!!!
lily losee
. it's lyrics to a song. trump recited them in march as well.
has been tracking the snake at trump rallies - it's a regular on his rally performance playlist
tax was right i really tweet for the aint shit bitches of america.
i love following you bcs you're honest. as women shit is not always sugar, spice and everything nice.
yeah if bothered to read the quran, he'd see that lot is in there too.
oh i know. you just don't get to claim a moral high ground on bronze age myths
not been biased but how gigio doesn't make that top 20 at 17 is unbelievable with some of them names in there.
take a look at chiellini for example. 88 in fifa 17. biggest joke of all
i mean great yeah but cmon papi it was a little racist
how is "i am become salsa picante" racist. i had ingested a lot of it i was easily 2% tapatio at the time
five seconds or five hours...unless i can identify what got on it as "inedible" and "uncleanable" i'm eating it.
though i'd rather eat off the jungle floor than city floor any day.
an iced cold beer always sounds too good on a day like his
this* goddamnit
unfortunate but i sense we've all become increasingly desensitized to terror - "well, no one was killed"
hmm, i actually think it's the opposite. terror is a tiny fraction of actual day to day risk, but outsized news coverage
wonder woman is definitely the reason i endure.
wonder woman was good but i have no idea what she was doing there lol
it was like a plate of sashimi
so it was delicious?
reminder: the suspect in custody came to the us at age 7. how would you ideologically vet a seven year old?
and i said the same earlier while trump mentioned more vetting but i thought he was 2 years old not 7.
little joy is a quite chill bar, so i imagine you can just show up! i think you are making a good choice!
josh would make a good choice by plugging in his phone and showing the pilot of brinternational candy report.
i finally realized who trump reminds me of: the title character in ben folds five's "uncle walter." good god.
you know he's been around the world last night he flew to baghdad in his magical armchair
cleaning isn't so bad when you have a bissell. reply &amp; follow by 7pm est for a chance to win one!
my least favorite room to clean is kids playroom....lots of mysterious stains, dirt &amp; itty bitty toy parts
really? they had a pretty mediocre summer imo. no guarantee they make playoffs with this roster.
they went out and spent $$$, no restrictions. i don't know what else you want.
parker impressed, but i'm still mad that he didn't jump for that last ball in the endzone.
parker said: "i mistimed it. went farther than i imagined."
sweet lou amundson is coming to training camp. they needed another veteran big. no assurance ndour, plumlee make final 15.
plumlee is making the team
damn, that's the life right there
hell yeah i might buy one some day even if i don't have kids so that i know where to hide my money from the irs
trump says america should profile suspicious people. but who is he talking about? is on the factor tonight -bo'r
when isn't on your or just boring nut. no plans just critic.
fucking yes shelly devan
that's great
you should talk with our team if you need any help (cc ). we may have built something
sounds interesting! my dms are open
he was ok but definitely no munkustrap.
i am very hot for that munkustrap.
lol hit the dude that did it bro
idk who the guy is bro
i didn't know you were in midland.
she's a beauty
remember when everyone made such a big deal about that clock and then it turned out to be fake lol
the kid also was a troublemaker who did it on purpose to attrack media attention
had appt w/barber right before important event and when i get there, i'm told she doesn't know how to cut "that type" of hair.
i usually have a guy there who does a good job, but he was out today.
. say, why i don't buy the ranch ? tell the to let ya build, edge.
ya ain't nuthin but a polyester ice cube in white shoes
you both look like these people i used to know but youre much peppier than them
got dat cawfee
happy p-day to my bruh bruh ! young bull big 20
. preciate it
progressively worse got her out of the hospital yesterday xxoo but she can still smile
will keep you both in my thoughts/prayers
have i told you how great you are
with your shirt barely buttoned, why even wear one at all? put that hair away. cc:
working next to the un during the general assembly is the actual inconvenient truth.
for example, they remove the trash cans within a 10 block radius, the streets are blocked &amp; you just want to cross the street for a burrito.
do you think he's gonna threaten me
it's always hard to tell men are scary that way id say no not if he wants to keep his gf
so i found out that my brother has never seen the princess bride. what should i do about it?
inconceivable!
do you think he's gonna threaten me
does he live near you
cant wait
facts. same. rt. fav. share via everything. lit.
probably because the ad &amp; tv execs that go to games don't speak spanish.
i guess, but still, they know what it is.
new: pres. obama spoke with police officers who apprehended ahmad rahami, as well as off-duty officer who stepped in during minnesota attack
we'd all feel a lot safer if barry went back to the wh girlsroom and hid until mr trump tells him to pack his shit and leave
anti speech should be banned muslim, israel, christian, as long as that speech does not incite violence
should not be banned
it's on why am i not surprised? ;)
yes, very cool.
s/o to the next lakers legend.
this discounts emotional stability he brings tho. they thrive w./o him cause of what he instilled in them
kevin gates shaves his head after someone he knew in the make a wish foundation was being bullied for being bald.
thank you, mr. gates, you are a kind man. when i was a girl i met people who did stuff i never thought anyone would.
missed calls happen every game for every team lol
4 on one play .....
you can say w/e you want. just don't attack us or have clear intent and ability to do so
so, now we start wars? i thought we didn't start them, just finish them.
what app/service is this?
that's circle ci
wearing my fab rave pants today as well, even tho they had me lose keys + cards, and were mocked by both...
dont worry, i am wearing mesh on mesh this weekend. sausage casing lqqks
mood ring is britney's best song
mood ring is top 5 glory
i thought this boy is a bottom was playing at my aggressively heterosexual gym just now and my heart stopped. forgot the alicia keys song.
now they're playing a mashup of numb by linkin park + jay z / uptown funk i'm changing gyms immediately
oh i know. you just don't get to claim a moral high ground on bronze age myths
anyway the bible says god is cool with raping. just as long as it ain't "gay"
congratulations on making the second group in this tw trumpian.
sarcasm?? u mean hopefully thinking, why are these ppl so blood thirsty?
before i go to sleep, here's a picture of my school id cards i found (bayside-13 yo//brooklyn college-17yo &amp; 22 yo)
i can't stop laughing at 13 year old me. i was still a baby emo back then
anyway lemme start watching the get down. better late than never
it's pretty decent, first episode is pretty long though
*record scratch noise* that's me. you're probably wondering how i got in this situation...
you look a little unwell.
just waiting on this failing government to finish the audit. how slow can they be???
it's a con trump is pulling on all of us!
had appt w/barber right before important event and when i get there, i'm told she doesn't know how to cut "that type" of hair.
now it's too late to find a place that won't butcher my hair.
happy to announce that i will be continuing my baseball career and furthering my education at kean university
congrats brotha man proud of you
just as the threat of force alone will not work for india, terrorism won't get pakistan what it wants from india
we destroyed india's action by accepting cease fire allowing part of hindustani territory kashmir to be retained by pak army
paul, do you think it would help if they made the acting categories larger? meaning more nominees!
to go ot for a sec. have u guys seen the teaser trailer for ?
i saw my first bob ross and i swear he showed the home audience videos of him feeding baby squirrels w/ nippled syringes.
the more shocking part of this tweet is that you've been missing out on the glory of ol' bob till now.
are you saying that ironically, neela?
i would never admit to such a thing.
now i have a question for y'all..
what's up blue!
oh, calm down baby. thank you for the reinforcement of that same "stereotype". dummy.
i'm pro-choice, pro single payer hc, pro-lgbt rights, pro-raising min wage, pro-paid family leave
considering that i live in westchester and work in lower manhattan, last update should've said "bug fix...
somehow it's going to take me 10 more minutes to get 25 miles home than to where i'm standing
nearly of americans (74%) are not satisfied with u.s. progress in the war on terror.
what about crooked companies that outsource their salespeople don't pay them salaries or benefits ?????
weird. we just found a half-eaten rabbit in our front yard. a ft away from that was an ear from some other critter (squirrel? cat?) :-/
umm... are you sure that your cats aren't teleporting outside?
i'm a finalist in woodloch resort's photo contest. help me rally votes!
i need votes!! vote for me!!
haha well that's lovely! say, do you live here in montauk? or do you vacation here?
have a townhouse at the downs but live in minnneapolis in the winter.
what's the diff between rush and hb last yr when they played with steph?
gsw was better w/ rush at sf. best w/ iggy at sf. hb's big + mins were at pf
the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. we must put .
another one of your cons i wouldn't believe a word you say show your taxes coward
iconic, truly.
thanks babe
they have a birth certificate for freddie. that makes that a legal document. therefore if freddie was fake they broke the law
birth certificate could be fake. but i don't have time to argue. daughter is home soon from school. so this convos over.
now that we know fl is (a) tied and (b) likely to be the decisive state, worth remembering fl is really good at disenfranchising black men.
what comes to mind? when thinking of how they disenfranchise black men?
even if i wear my 7 inch heels i still won't be tall enough
no pos wow, better luck next time
it was hard can't lie
facts though. heard that shit &amp; was like..
scream queens tuesday. empire wednesday. htgawm thursday. jesus!!!! i'm ready!
i'm still sad i have to wait till february for scandal.
is currently experiencing departure delays between 31 mins and 45 mins due to tm initiatives:swap:wx
is currently experiencing departure delays between 1 hr, 16 mins and 1 hr, 30 mins due to tm initiatives:swap:wx
you would think dating a future dentist means i am up to date with all my dental visits.
or having an aunt for one...
new bright, shiny icon by , with a hypno theme. here's a power i should never have.
*holds up a mirror* is this working?
always thinking of me
so much anger for such a short person
considering that i live in westchester and work in lower manhattan, last update should've said "bug fix...
somehow it's going to take me 10 less minutes to get 25 miles home than to where i'm standing
g'afternoon fit fam
hi billy!!
for example, they remove the trash cans within a 10 block radius, the streets are blocked &amp; you just want to cross the street for a burrito.
and a diplomat's car (ukraine) just almost hit me as i typed and jay walked. he needs to pay more attention to careless new yorkers.
good things happen when you hang with veeks.
ha, true story. guess you'll have to come back.
they wouldn't have liked how mlk protested either. he wasn't that much different than protestors now.
i don't know, i don't think mlk climbed a flag pole to take down a confederate flag like bad ass did!
so how's your swift 3 transition going?
it's really easy when you start on a new project.
"minerality is not as much the aromas of rocks, as it is the impact of liveliness on the palate"...
it was great to catch up today justin!
britney wants liar or love me down for next single, but rca wants slumber party/just luv me
liar and love me down are much better choices... so should really listen to her..
men be only getting called a real man after he does something for a woman.
a real man doesnt get on the internet and tweet all day.
looks like i might have known after all. i'd encourage you to read up on and how the cops lied there also.
i feel kinda bad for you that you came at me 4 days later with information i knew from the get-go.
would it be trife to legit try to find a sugar auntie? me + talked about this over the weekend.
bwhahahah don't bring that private conversation here
i'm really stressing out. i haven't had a stress headache in forever! :(
you got this i believe in you
implication of causation in the second paragraph seems exactly backwards.
this entire election has become a meditation on whether or not influence exists.
slept like 14 hours. thinking it may have been the issue.
good to hear! i haven't slept in years, but am glad someone is+
i've come to realize that i am a thirsty hoe for a late game comp spree. victor. paul. nick from bbcan4
actually your hungry because you've been on a 90 day game detox
what do you prefer vsc or jetbrains?
i like text editors in general and use "code ." from the terminal constantly so vsc for me
nevermind she want black dik, she dc
is she still dating paul wesley? as i recall, his ex-wife left him for a black man.
i am cutting back on cons for 2017. only planning on 7 cons: ane tff blfc ac ef fp mff i may do more depending. that is all.
only 7... seeya at a few possibly
my god, my professor is asking us if we have any "unethical" stories.... flood gates bout to burst
what i would giveeee to be a fly on the wall for this conversation..
that's why i'm an independent. waiting for a new party. i disagree w/ you about reagan, &amp; bill c was not so bad
bill clinton married hillary rotton clinton. shows bad judgement need i say more
muslim brotherhood-affiliated cair is worried about 'backlash' from minnesota jihad stabbing
trump says the latinos are the killers.....
one has been suggested and the other has happened. not sure resolution is possible when neither side agrees on facts.
i would love to see those facts . show us!
best instrumental: semi finals! edgar winter, jeff beck group, the who, stevie ray vaughan
lovvvvve um alllll, but.....flash &amp; james patrick rullllle!!!
not that hard, u be odeing
you a meek fan bro, lol that shit was tough moe - bar wise it was too much lol
entire garfield high school football team and coaching staff kneels during national anthem.
it's there right. i stand honoring the man,woman, and families that sacrificed for our freedoms
what is your favorite scary movie? check out halloween xxx porn parody on ...
lily looks like a true supermodel
thank you for shopping with us! we hope you enjoyed your visit!
i came for one cup of mizithra and left $46 poorer! never shopping hungry again ;)
please rt for my grandson !! ty ! have you heard 'spirits' by sphinx on ? ...
thank you :)
septum doesn't, i've left mine out for two weeks before and just slides right back in xd
how long was it pierced for? my nose was done for 2 1/2 years - took it out for a 12 hour surgery and it closed.
or these terrorists, but they weren't called terrorists. set a bomb. killed policemen. arrested in a church...
yep. nutballs of all extreme ideologies are a threat.
yes. there are too many. she's amazing.
high rediscovery value too. deep dives into youtube reveal more gems
2nd chance to get our $$$ right
imma be broke no matter how many chances she gives
oh, calm down baby. thank you for the reinforcement of that same "stereotype". dummy.
whoever supports those issues or most of them has my vote, regardless of party
lletget from the la galaxy modeling in front of the bay bridge ok
- burlingame dragons co-owner founded dethrone. this is a long game to get lletget to san jose.
i'd be lying if i said i wasn't entering this slam comp w/ the intention to win. yes i'm new to competition but don't doubt me. god willing
when is it? i want to go!
yeah this isn't right
my son got something to say!! lol
bear breaks into man's home o.0
lmaoo fuck it he can keep the house
dude your backpack's side zipper is open. i hope you didn't lose anything at the conference.
dude! thanks for the observation, luckily nothing's there. btw took some swags from the ms booth...
i really don't like james cordon and i assume that's a common opinion
but i feel like you don't like him because you hate anyone who's too jovial
good. i'm well:)
nice 2 see u
fbi, police still at the elizabeth, nj home/business of bombing suspect. hear from his father on nbc10 news at 6.
i'll watch later when hrc has him in the background of one of her insipid campaign stops!
enjoyed the chat you &amp; chris had with will montgomery about peyton on
thanks! is good people
road trippin'. i'll be covering the v series. tune in to ...
thnx! appreciate your positive reporting.
if i go to my block i'll stop by and bring some
love you just text me and lmk
or these terrorists, but they weren't called terrorists. set a bomb. killed policemen. arrested in a church...
and even then, reckless gun use kills many times the people extremism does.
i'm getting a tatt on my bday bro i want you to go w me
wait for me to come back we can go that weekend ima get mine too
when black girls on twitter talk about loving black men, they mean these dudes, not us regular niggas.
they're the only men we all know in common, tho.
thats what i've been using but for some reason my controllers turn off on their own not with regular batterie
eneloops are amazing
get this bum out of here, mets should be disgraced
lmaoooo i'm excited to see what he can do
it's called being down for ya mans and doing what he asks no matter how hard.
: your overuse of emojis say troll, but i'm not sure
dog head overpowers the other elements. maybe it's an antidote
try not to book a show october 6th !!
re:breakfast burrito lit, saxon is referred to here as "doubtless handsome and with better abs"
some of us want our breakfast to be a symphony. others of us are late to work.
trump is being accused of rape of a 13 year old girl. he is being sued for fraud. he is being investigated for bribing attorney generals.
this proves to me trump unfit and belongs in jail
if you live in tribeca they give you a license to mow down the poors traversing the sidewalk if your stroller cost more than their rent
great news, everyone: i'm a twitter parent now. where's my damn twitter stroller?
...and also, it's wahlberg not wahlburg and i wanted to fix that in case he sees this and accepts my offer to contribute to the project.
i like when you campaign. still think you need to be in space jam before any other major project
happy monday! (tag yourself )
mamrie's deep v cut inquiring minds want to know
attn it is brian eno's favorite song:
well i mean jeez, why wouldn't it be?
yeah i'm currently listening to some old school mia now lol.
currently bumping xr2
ya know what go ahead say it.... i'm a big galute
i don't even have to say it!
this is the best thing i've seen today.
i actually lold
we earning delta miles these days???
yes, but i've been in a two week fight with those fuckers so we're not talking right now.
it's getting harder and harder for trump to avoid releasing his tax returns.
you all failed us by not properly vetting this buffoon allowing him 2 brainwash &amp; giving him free press 1 of 2
thanks for releasing your source code! is coffeescript supported?
no, and we haven't been able to find someone with the expertise to add it. know of anyone?
right !? &amp; it isn't even that expensive! people really do it purposely to make a profit on the puppies
or people want to continue the line of their beloved pet ... which is understandable but a horrible thing to do considering that
possibly his policy (insofar as there is one, which isn't very far) couldn't prevent it...
as those of us in government know, deciding not to make a rule is also a rule.
we throw away enough food to feed the hungry
that's just the tip of our consumer economy. call it the koch economy.
so-o-o-o....are you getting another alpaca, or too late! you already got another one?
neither. doesn't stop me from looking. this just made me giggle
i ran my jet black iphone over with a car, then drilled into it with a power tool and it has a scratch. can't believe it shipped.
how dare they!
people who take legal advice from random people on twitter
it's free counsel!
before i go to sleep, here's a picture of my school id cards i found (bayside-13 yo//brooklyn college-17yo &amp; 22 yo)
holy shit i started high school in 2006, 10 years ago!!!! im such an old fuck
don't be so quick to judge. just because someone's problems are different than yours doesn't mean they're any easier.
not our place to judge, have to be perfect.
jumping niggas aint something to be proud about, that's on some bitch shit
hottest on the block
lletget in sj would be unreal but for some reason dethrone also sells an innocent shirt
tax write off. smart business.
i know literally no one cares but i can't get over whales evolving from land animals
i read the wikipedia page of mocha dick today. pretty crazy whale
if you like this then you should see dance with a handheld paper fan
my dancing aesthetic &gt;&gt;
the only restaurant i eat at in lic is cyclo and the only thing i order 85% of the time is veg pho
hello ladies
right !? &amp; it isn't even that expensive! people really do it purposely to make a profit on the puppies
there are sooooo many dogs without homes. being killed, and it's like you can adopt any age or breed you'd like from a shelter
this weekend someone told me that im not good enough to date them but they wanna be friends in case they don't find someone better than me
punch them in the face
sometimes i hate waking up from naps because i wake up confused about the day and where i am
same but when i blink
week 1: brown- 126 yards marshall- 32 yards
week 2: brown- 39 | total: 165 marshall- 101 | total: 133
we want to look into this with you. let's continue in dm.
now that's service!
working in wildwood today. there is a lot of water in the streets rio gran...
that's what happens now in shore towns when we get 2 plus inches of rain and a 5 foot tide
happy monday! (tag yourself )
mamrie's deep v cut inquiring minds want to know
right !? &amp; it isn't even that expensive! people really do it purposely to make a profit on the puppies
if you look hard enough there are so many resources
now i have a question for y'all..
yes january is a good month to drop cc3 rt : now i have a question for y'all..
i kind of envy people who get tons of fanart or giftart of their characters.
i usually have to provide my own fan art. and on that note, i gotta hurry up and finish that windy sketch.
lmao ms died last week when they unveiled more details
esa, do you know if maxwell still makes any content? is he alive?
hopefully that's not another new slide ;-)
afraid so :(
will be curious to see if chris ivory returns to practice this week. desperately needed. excellent matchup (vs. bal). encouraged buy-low rb.
yep, that's going to fix the jags, "desperately need him."
w/ meetings in the white whorehouse...like i've said before...
you're right, he needs to get the boot in the butt now!
saas companies adding "ai" to offerings; but still hard for most to clearly articulate the value.
some of the value is in buzzword to venture capital conversion. :)
my debut song as shy grey titled "addiction" is now available to stream for free on soundcloud. oh, it's lit.
this is sooooooooo fucking good
hillary clinton cancels event in california, campaign says pneumonia is back
a quick trip to chelsea's apartment ought to cure her!
then leaving yourself notes on friday for the following week usually helps me. leave a todo list and quick description of the problem
thanks! gonna try this out with post-its.
cuz imma old school
no no like the cleaning shit
very cool. who's manning the booth?
everybody's busy and no one attended to me. will come back to it later or tomorrow...
cool water cooled 72k lumen flash light.
saw that it's really cool!
i wanna go to your vet!
do they take human patientsm
nao is a very good boyfriend
giving up her own dreams to nurse karen
lol i ain't expose nobody! im just saying!
lol i feel you. check back in at the end of the month.
giving powerful speech in florida now on terrorism and immigration.
truth is the most powerful ..
i sill can't decide if i'm going to get the iphone 6s or galaxy s7... i found an iphone 6s 128g for $589... but the s7 is about $50 cheaper
i have an 8gb 6s and it was $200 .-. i wish they weren't so expensive :// i would have liked 16gb.
cam got a baby to provide for. i do wish he had stayed quiet tho.
i want to give him the benefit of the doubt. let the young man learn from this mistake before we write him off.
i wanna go to your vet!
do they take human patients?
my dream is for mia and grimes to do a collab
yes. i don't think she fares well as a feature tho. bad man w/ missy comes to mind. venus fly remix tho?
so like is it normal to cry while packing cause i've been awake for 7 hours and i've already cried like 3 times lol
when u come tomorrow i'll remember to give u a nice hug :,))
whoa! looking so, so good! rain's no problem when you've got a tarp
who wants these ? courtesy of
they are to an extent. but a younger generation has nothing to relate to. and it's a fair-weather town.
i say it all the time. i'm not that old and i remember when we were in the top 25 nearly every year.
a horrible shift. i know your pain. hang in there
thanks. i think we can get the night shift work wrapped up in 2 weeks, so there's that.
we're now 11 years together/6 years married. you wear us down. lol
you have been together almost half of my life. i hope that makes you feel even older
but if you could spend it outside the country i promise you it would be 10x more fun
only stay in ny if your friend going to the party.
underrated thing: taking a lap around the block when you're frustrated with work.
yo that's my move! except in nyc streets you can mess around and come back more upset
any photo ops with mr cranston?
no photo ops; just a beautiful theatre &amp; 2 of your favorite people in the world chatting on stage
turned into a "tumor of anger.. the more pain we hide the more inappropriate the behavior.
this show is sooo necessary and insightful. thank you
i've tried it before. it's not too difficult honestly
what did you notice were the 3 main things that were different?
the suns tirade or malibu?
both lol fuck it
my mom apologized for not making a vegetable last night &amp; i was like potatoes are &amp; he's like according to liberals they aren't
dude they aren't. potatoes are just potatoes ya know
attending ? join us at the emp museum for our genetic counselor appreciation reception.
hey how do i register for your breakfast session? is it full? i can't find a link.
that's weird. and do you have the latest update? also have you tried logging in and out?
have not tried logging in and out. hopefully that fixes it
cowboys suck
winning team what u mean
i'm out this bitch i swear i hate these ppl i be fake af at work.. gotta fake it to make only at work though
only at work tho ... no foreal
a couple years ago me and my siblings went to my dads office and put over 50 drawings of different gold fish everyw...
lol a couple years? that was like 7 years ago lol
it was great to catch up today justin!
likewise pedro. so glad to have met you and hope to see you soon in ny at
i swallowed so much pride at work today i can skip dinner.
working the street corner again?
looks like a new album is on the way! can't wait!
that video is riveting!
hope you get to meet the team.
will definitely do that
alternatives now than there used to be. we would keep gluten free tortillas in the car for if we ate out somewhere.
ah that's so awesome haha. nice, i can handle cauliflower for sure.
vans x toy story collection coming soon
yoooo... it's real
i'm handling you pretty good. don't think we need a poll to confirm.
polling? i have no idea what you are talking about. please don't drink and tweet.
thank uuuuu i hope to celebrate your 21st with you next month xoxo
you're welcome! and yes
hows forza6 going? still battling thru rivals mode?
haven't touched it in a very long time. you?
and this, ladies and gentlemen.....is just another example of trump being a nasty asshole.
from fat looks big but from up close
awww thank u baby i love following u too
you're welcome!
nbc's lester holt announces the topics for the 9/26 presidential debate: america's direction achieving prosperity securing america
guess this is a donald trump debate. thanks
all you designer types have the most insane feast or famine cycles.
nope. been thinking of building a static react site for weeks . i'll probably start after i finish migrating from bluehost to gcp.
nice , i have one too. just wish the jacket was in better shape. i got a dark side with the original stickers and posters too
these guys?
oooh i bet that sure showed him not to lie.... wow.... what a savage.... omg.. don't get.. a crazy chick.. guys
i bet she just ought the game to break it and post it, game wasn't actually anyone's
really????? i've had mine done for... uhhh.. since 2012 i think. but i also stretched nice to a 12g
yeah for real! mine was a 14g. done early 2008, closed in the winter of '10.
now i have a question for y'all..
yes if you made cc3 $100 that came with a hoody niggas would pay for it rt : now i have a question for y'all..
when says she's going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free, you know what? that's a very big deal.
isn't it an even bigger deal that says she'll make it free, *and* cancel college debt?
xd the best i can do is use character creator stuff. also no rush on the sketch.
i dunno. it's been months since i showed the wip. you'd think i'd have finished it by now.
i'm creating a new think tank for climate change, would you join and post your tweet also at ?
but will keep your handle in mind when i am looking to participate
i'm good. still standing. i hope the same goes for you?
good to know that. how is your writing?
yup, did you know it means absolutely
please explain on how it doesn't?
donald trump arguing in favor of speedy trials is really something. does he know the courts need better funding to accomplish this.
also helps when over-litigious megalomaniac property developers don't file thousands of lawsuits
you're at swine with ?
i dined at swine with
i hope you get better soon. but i'm so sad. thank you for teaching dance for 2months!!
have a safe trip back to japan. i hope to see you again one day. yes please keep dancing. xoxo
i would love for you to throw something obscure out there, something about which i have no opinion. join us?
don't i have enough on my plate already? (yes. next weekend would probably be okay)
in this case the only thing wrong with the subject was that his car stalled. no crime. so he should've been released &amp; helped
everything you said is 100% accurate. happy to see somebody with knowledge of police procedures jump in here.
you're going down, larry
i'm up 121.08 to 87.16 but you have connor barth, jordan hicks, danny trevathan, and ryan matthews. it could be close
when are we moving headquarters to sand hill road?
we are lean operation. no stand alone office. maybe could rent us a desk? :-)
i want some of this too!
what was the turkish delight brand i was looking for? new store opened. we've got hazerbaba &amp; sultan options.
lol yeah i will be doin grown folks shit da shoo
lmao then i would wanna be like you when i grow up
look into her eyes.. does the world care!? russia is killing humanity /assad...
no one cares about her bcz she is not in the media hence she gets no tears
now i have a question for y'all..
yes the knicks will win 50+ games this season rt : now i have a question for y'all..
i stil havent seen one. even a small mountain ought to take half an hour to walk from bottom to top.
i hadn't seen any underwater life forms until yesterday. there is a lot more variation than people think.
josh norman is playing the best football of his career so far in 2016.
it's only been 2 games slow your roll.
girls enjoy the show and have the time of your lives!!!
thanks serena ly
im takin kfc over churches
any day of the week.
as long as it's obtainable and relatively brief.
and features men in tights punching people in the throat.
icymi, today's inaugural episode of the locked on podcast features talking :
awesome podcast howard
about 2 years ago the whole month of october there was a michael myers hanging out infront of the whole towns house why only i remember
omgg everyone use to snipe him
oh cool. just getting into testing and ci. definitely late to the party haha. heard about circle ci but i'll have to check it out
welcome! circle is good, travis is also good. let me know if you run into any issues.
also t the company responsible for some of the best games.
i wasn't saying i don't like sonys games, i just don't like sony. plus 2 of those aren't from sony.
paul dont care anymore i guess, cuz hes been creepin on torrey lately
his ex-wife? messy.
if you know me you know this takes a lot for me to say, but for the first time ever, i think i want to move out of state.
get out that bubble. so much to see and experience, in other places. good luck
from restaurants to clubs and lounges
all my friends telling me about queens comfort
was feeling fine all day but right before i work i start to feel like shit
and to make it better dude really for a job where i work. lovely like there's no other restaurants to work at
what's so funny
you're funny don't press me because i'm not one of your little ass friends i'll fuck you up.
i think my next rebrand is just going to be full thot
drink some coffee beb
update: the entire pinky toenail is off and i was not overreacting
been there before
stop complaining
yeah stay drinking that water lol
yes.. but we still get much from him..
oh yes. no complaints just miss those
it's from your little interview, if you didn't get the reference ;)
ohhhh haha dude you know i have no idea what comes out of my mouth
reason why i hate : they can't even cut away from kaepernick during the anthem for 3 seconds to show the flyover.
distraction!
i just showed my dad &amp; he said "good i don't feel bad for her stupid ass"
because he fucks with the colored people
kerp up the good twitter effort, rossana.
you know i will, felix. it's how i roll! check me out on periscope if you have the chance. i broadcast daily. .
should i let a track go..or would you rather listen to the whole project at once?
give the fans a taste
there is no "word" i hate more than "conversate".
that's a word?!
curious as to what folks think of the java ee 8 and 9 roadmap that linda is presenting.
interesting conversations might come up shortly here:
cal-arizona state over/under opens at 80.5. no, that's not just for halftime.
quick, got a number for a good bookie??
is the oaktable lgwr session gdb video available for download?
not sure about video, i'll put up the preso up on my blog once i am home.
cauliflower pizza crust was my fav
haha i'm excited to try it now!
i was interested in doing a summer internship with "the knot"! are these available?
hey there! yes, we'll be listing our summer internships in early 2017 on our careers page:
not at all being part of the 3%. i just hate articles that allows 1 to read between the lines negatively
so you're a reactionary gun hoarder? do you spend a lot of time trying to make peeps see the light about guns?
you always say wingstop lol... and i haven't had it since like may too but i chose five guys
because wingstop is bomb! haha
also t the company responsible for some of the best games.
3 of those actually aren't from sony. santa monica published journey, bloodborne, and metal gear.
i just showed my dad &amp; he said "good i don't feel bad for her stupid ass"
because he fucks with black people
tonight the atlantic council honors , , and at our global citizen awards! follow w/
very glad you are not honoring gabon's dictator tonight and hope you rescind his global citizen award!
"any requests~?"
what's good for someone who's feeling ill...
here's a good one from addressing incorrect statements made by about technical analysis
going way back to 2008 for that one !
should i let a track go..or would you rather listen to the whole project at once?
drop a couple tracks!!!
the team: &amp; ... 0/1
... ^infinity 1/1
it's confirmed you guys, justin trudeau has actually never met drake
smart men! he ain't down with that!
hey, do i know any spanish-speaking vr artists/designers out there?
has some and should know more spanish speaking vr devs and designers
my grandpa deadass just asked me if i wanted chicken for the 2nd time today
no, welo, i don't eat animal carcasses or flesh anymore but thanks
backstage at the , great team working to prepare for the big event (and a whale)
very glad you are not honoring gabon's dictator tonight and hope you rescind his global citizen award!
same, cant function for shit in the heat lol
for real we ain't even ratboyz we some catboyz tbfh
we refer to junior roles as residents. so if/when you see a posting for a resident swe, that is our entry level position.
thank you! i am a bootcamp grad and have wondered if you are open to taking people with non traditional edu in that role?
our latest purchase, the solar panel is already paying off. despite a cloudy sky!
awesome! i'm currently building solar into a lightweight drone and it's fascinating
when my fav photographer take my portrait
who took this it's dope!!!
... let's build humanist ai, that will free us to be more human, not cyborgs.
humanism today means upholding our faulty, romantic, water-filled, mind-body experiences in the face of machines charging late fees via cron
terry mcauliffe was photographed with willie nelson -- and a can of "willie's reserve"
careful willie, he"ll rob the eyes out of your head!
that's still annoying. i demand a refund.
i take that back i just ripped it off can't stand a case that doesn't easily go on/off. garbage.
dlo! what dya reckon?
i love mine. really good bit of kit.
completely agree, but i don't trust hillary.
she probably wouldn't trust you either.
nikki bella &amp; a wrestling ring.....or a microphone....or anything wrestling related. it just doesn't work. :p
to be fair: it works better than the following: eva marie, lana, sable, stacy keibler, every diva search winner, melina, etc, :)
go to my first rave for halloween??
bitch yes it's about to be poppen af !!!!
every star guardian is flatchested except janna.
are they supposed to be inspired by sailor moon? they're cute.
they're not gonna do that. that would be too much like right. they'd rather disrupt a place of peace.
sad, but this appears to be true. everybody is saying the same thing, "how you run up on a church and bypass drug gangs?"
spend 30 yrs cramming a jillion features into a product made for everyone. it's bound to become useful to no one.
true, but you would think their qa department would catch basic shape strokes not rendering.
you remind me of a young johnny depp in this picture.
i hear it a lot
cannot upgrade from an already sold-out show. i tried when i was in seattle, wa. the cameraman partially blocked my view of adele.
hoping for the best! was so disappointed in the ticket system.
with confidence
this is funny because some girl signed up to do them
okay makeup tutorials through facetime? lmao
yass boo
no, welo, i don't eat animal carcasses or flesh anymore but thanks
lemme chill i was deadass eating pollo guisao like 3 weeks ago but still
anyone who said that you need reviews to make it in this business needs to go &amp; suck the biggest and blackest dick out there.
reviews are more trouble than they are worth, someone who thinks he is doing you good, just invites problems
oh man you're gonna have turkish delight? killing me here with jealousy. (the brand i like is divan.)
don't see divan, but what in the name of attaturk is this???
bomber asked house dem to bring his pakistani wife to u.s.
for how much $$$$? democrats do anything for green.
thanks. i hardly every check instagram on my phone
welcome and yea it's silly i'm guessing there will eventually an update to use it on a pc (i hope)
plus im not a part of pick me twitter bitch df u thought this was
: lmfaoooo well i'm not sure some people love saying impractical shit that they don't even live by
sean hannity looks like if you asked him to take you to the best burger joint in town, he would take you to dairy queen
to be fair dq in a lot of places is the best burger joint in town :d
explains the .
thats an evap leak that i am too lazy to locate since my emissions are still good thank you very much
it's time trump supporters turn wal-mart into a macy's and shut them down
i stopped going to that scumb hole, because its loaded mith muslums!!! now defn done!!!
doubt we give up mcgloin until cook develops.
think you're right but would be nice to get a good lb or cn in exchange.
turns out there are tons of df methods i didn't know about: .query and .append chief among them
i use query to limit by index value. it's relatively new.
are you done swearing and calling me names? cuz you look kinda over the top defensive.
hi i don't know who you are or care? every response has been to something you said first lmao. gtfo.
does anyone have a good sense of how slightly longer tweets actually helps twitter grow. i'm genuinely interest.
random thought: if people spend less time editing their tweets for length they can tweet more frequently. not the same as growth :/
any reason to prefer one over the other?
i keep bouncing back and forth between them, usually when one has an xcode beta i need
let me get this right. he ran away, and while running away he pointed the weapon behind him? the weapon he knew was fake?
it's possible. maybe he thought the officers would duck down and he could get away. maybe he wasn't thinking.
that's just a line from total recall i like
i was about to say, you should of got snipped
thanks so much for your thoughtful and well-written piece!
thanks so much!!
guys look how beautiful my sis is! so proud of you for pursuing your dreams and walking in nyfw-i love you, i know...
i love you!
damn that's tough but i swear shit like that builds character
srsly man! it was definitely a humbling experience and made me appreciate so much in life
and next to this. :)
who are you? are you daft?
now i have a question for y'all..
yes that collab tape with should drop this year rt : now i have a question for y'all..
can u stop giving me a heart attack from being so cute and pretty
i can ask you the same!!
the best
i be laying it on dumb thick too lmaooo, long ass hugs, long ass convos and all
i need to not neglect my website.
aka when i cop a new camera.
rip productivity (can confirm this)
"..they struggled to focus on work-related topics because they were distracted by the planets sur...
hell yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's like made this just for youuuu!!!
this idiot is my congressman. it is a swing district. please help defeat him in november
he's a moron that rode his 6 weeks in iraq as a military lawyer to elected office.
call me a cynic but is it s a coincidence that joey barton causes a media stir &amp; gets attention, just as his book comes out?! i think not!
i expect he will be doing book signings on saturday afternoons now
a lifelong dream come true. proud to share the cover of my book available for pre-order now!...
i'll wait for it be at 75% around holiday day
pull an aphex and add a food processor to your set up
present the vitamix and i will use it
i'm almost certain dick isn't supposed to reside in our esophagus, yet y'all are steam pressed to make a home out of someone's throat.
home is where the heart is...
gnomedozer. white pla. .20 layer height. printed on my craftbot+
looks great!
sometimes you just need bad cartoons, you know?
usually if i'm being honest
hbd to my bff love you sm, can't wait to celebrate
sm love for u thank you
gets plans: nah i'm not going to that i'm gonna go to sleep early be responsible couple hours later: starts slowly getting ready
gets home two hours before i have to wake up: i'm never doing that again i should've just stayed home &amp; slept gets plans: repeat
pls send help i'm crying lmfaooooooo
lmfaoo somebldy send an ambulance im vertically seizuring in this video
i'll be on at 6:40. at midnight.
hopefully you get to watch the birds??
the previous tweets from the bomber arrested today in tx are just a reminder that not all bombing cases are automatically jihadis.
then again, if you're a betting man go with the odds.
hey guiz! i'll be here courtesy of /w &amp; to talk 3d printing and party!
can't wait to see you all there!
i respect your feelings, but i have love for all good peeps
the nj bomb was too close for me. lost all empathy if we cant weed them out get rid of all
appreciate that. was curious what you thought- but will have article which addresses in written form soon!
that'd be great, howard. honestly, i'm old school and like to read.
don't be the enemy
don't eat trash pies
brand new cover.. tomorrow september 20th 8pm!! ft - closer rt rt
looking forward to tomorrow's cover release! sounds great.
both was on point but i do feel like game is more actor than anything a idiot to b honest&amp;im not a fan of neither
"&amp; i've been wanting to give nicki this pool stick, so tell your lil' vibrant thing come fuck wit q-tip" lol son
can't wait to see this sexy hector.
to be honest, it's pretty much me with a better looking hat.
you're not helping.
i figured it would help more than me singing a lullaby...i am infamous for my half-octave musical range.
if you where in chicago, i'd let you crash on my coach. jesus
shit happens, what are you gonna do
i want to rip out every single hair follicle out of my head until there's nothing left but scalp.
you cuhrazy
i don't even look before i cross the street at the airport anymore, please hit me so i can either die or get a fat check.
y'all need to drive slow &amp; watch for pedestrians when you're driving around the airport anyway so lol whatever wait for me to cross, bitch.
. on radio: "we need to change leadership &amp; strategy to confront radical islamic terrorism"
you guys don't have the clearance to know what's being done now, so what woould you change?
charles has been meaning to read that book for so long, but he just keeps putting it off.
he read the back cover, pretty sure he got the gist.
didn't clock boy's family sue our taxpayers too? get all of them the hell out now. the entire ungrateful lot of em.
i had a syrian landlord who harassed me like the devil. he sued me for fake repairs, but lost the case. scam!!!
that's 2 pics
i just finessed myself
the lid: why clinton needs to capture youth vote
youth vote is way more than college students. only ~25% of 18-25s attend four-year college full-time.
. . .and william h. macy was in fargo so y'know.
have you seen him in shameless?!
ur so pretty oh my god
omg thank you!! you're stunningg
trump has no plans just fear-mongering rhetoric. tough talk doesn't stop terrorism. it promotes it.
you need to pull your head out! moderate islam is terror in training. read their god forsaken book they call the koran!
just caught myself writing an engineering description using the pronoun "his" :(
brian how could you!! just kidding, we're all guilty of this sometimes, myself included
reconstructing amelia by . voice, voice, voice. ya, not women's fic, but may scratch the itch.
thanks for passing the word ! and technically ra is adult crossover to teen.(i think :))
ah, i was just bustin' your jingle balls. get it? tv jingle?
got me laughing all the way.
mike pence, chris christie, kellyanne conway, and reince priebus all took to the sunday shows to argue that hrc started birtherism.
they are following their lord's commands!
radio x apeman spaceman "this is a low" song bout dungeness martin casemore on vocals??
excellent chris. had a listen on you tube waiting in sfo international to come back to the flatlands. not a day to soon.
: 5 fast facts you need to know
from the dash cam and helicopter footage it looks as if had his hands up, calmly following commands to walk back to his car
.'s twitter feed is like a master class in how a beat reporter should cover trump. follow him if you don't already.
he's great.
there's a guy in my town who only wears neon and he matches his earrings, nip rings and facial hair to that day's neon selection
i'm impressed by the effort.
the question is did they have to leave people off to fit current nba players?
some schools have 13 guys so anyone left out may not have wanted to be in the game.
i have to have around 450 to 500 albums. most were collections given to me.
yeah, just grabbed these yesterday
your essay in the good immigrant is beautiful. i hope to write as well as you one day. thank you.
that is incredibly kind. keep reading who you love - only advice i can ever give. thank you for being so lovely.
that moment when your sister unfollowed you
it was an accident
the best hotel left near the sf venue for worlds has a top review saying 'do not bring your s/o. dangerous area' lucky i don't have one
...what area are you looking at? i'm guessing a sketchier sf area?
xd i have waited a long time for art. its fine!
doesn't mean i should keep you waiting. day off tomorrow so i might wind up overnighting it. :p
or you could try facts.
odds reflect the facts.
bloomberg editors should review their coverage of presidential candidates after this ridiculous question by ...
lol sounds like they are trying to win the brian williams award for dishonesty and incompetence in journalism
paul must be really desperate.
it was at her request. what does she want?? damn she is getting uglier by the day. her nose meets her upper lip, it's growing.
"there is no coherence to what a environment is, which is why i was calling it a ship of fools a year or more ago..."
. we call it and it's one of the key design principles of
you lowkey wiped someone's snot with your hand though.
to this day i still can't believe i did that
great point...spamming is slamming regardless of communication channel
. also as a consumer i'd prefer a slower and relevant response over a quick generic response.
yea well i guess we fighting tn
dont tease me
its great to see demi use her past struggle as a platform to uplift others
absolutely. is an incredible advocate for .
this is big! jared kushner deserves much of the credit here: "trump shatters gop records with small donors
way to go jared!!
literally me
wait literally is that you in the corner i'm dying
both was on point but i do feel like game is more actor than anything a idiot to b honest&amp;im not a fan of neither
they both be on some clown shit. but when it comes to bars, game outshines meek in that dept. but to each its own..
just walked by a dude in a jason bay jersey. im judging you, sir.
was it at least a pirates? or maybe a team canada?
look at this shit, this never usually happens, my tweets always just go through:
bro my i can barely stream a episode of anything on netflix without it fucking up
only trump can repaid obama's damage!
. very literate of you
would appreciate this tweet
happened to me when i was listening to the infamous smh
in the midst of this interview now! was gonna q up the "54 card guild" posts. can't seem to find them. links broken. help?
sorry -- my blog isn't live yet. recently relaunched my site. should be soon :/
that's awesome!! good luck with the drone building!
are you just staying in the wilderness forever? (i would ;))
safeguarding police not a priority for cop loathers obama or loretta lynch. to busy commuting prison sentences.
until they need them..
"he's a music cam!" "he's a what?" "he's a what?" "he's a music cam!"
this is good. too good to be protected.
this is just utterly brilliant, compassion over competition. and it was instinctive too.
wow! beyond inspiring! so moving.
send you mad drunk snap videos when i'm drunk explaining my poor choices
i love them we always figure it out girl
popeyes nasty as hell anyways.
i didn't know popeyes was in the u.k.
welcome to the realm of critics ( &amp; me) who stuck up for gods of egypt
gods of egypt is great. keep fighting the good fight
started watching master of none again just cuz
it'll give u some nyc inspo
i wish rainy days would come with complimentary blunts and pizzas
ugh come visit already
if you wouldn't mind sharing any resources that you may have, that'd be awesome.
hmm, i'm trying to think of what might be helpful, but i'm largely drawing a blank.
can't believe he has a friend named jyair v weird
now he's got two of them
tfw i will never have an aoba in my life. was a solid 7/10, i wish it had less jokes about being overworked.
you are the aoba in your life
is this on bumble yet?
no, don't think it will make it on there
because im high as fuck
i can't say i've done that but i've deff been too high to figure out how to drink water from a sink
vlog rendering now. should be up soon, who's around??
hopefully we find out why agp doesn't wanna come to your new house
i'm freelance so i'm not the most affected, but i still have obligations in the morning
i remember now it's been 2 years in a row most of their events were at midnight or almost past midnight na
"next i'll talk about handling late arriving data and how that impacts aggregation functions in streaming systems."
i'm not sure a better bucketing function would be less creepy
second time has messed up my rent payments.
if it weren't for my forgiving landlords, i would be in a completely different position, .
...and worse is that it's totally unnecessary since the actually active folks from seem to be doing a good job on their own...
i just noticed it too, is getting it fixed right away!
tell me about it idk how we got away with it lmao
we were slick af
this week's challenge- lets see if i can make an eighth last a week
i can make a quarter last a week does that count
from my investigating, you have to be careful with him!
yaw. gonna have to power move him.
if you wouldn't mind sharing any resources that you may have, that'd be awesome.
ah, as usual the ray wenderlich tutorial looks
judge will have to earn a job in st. didn't show nearly enough to guarantee a roster spot in 17
also wouldn't shock me if he's dealt for a pitcher
should i let a track go..or would you rather listen to the whole project at once?
whole project hands down
i am so excited!!!!!! can't wait to see tonight! thanks
have a great time!!! i'll want a review, please - like it could be anything but awesome.
on this whole `( )` performance nonsense, i wrote up my quick/raw thoughts:
this happens as part of a build step so trivial to add and trivial to remove. not anything like !important or other code hacks.
you got this girl. thirties are great!
thanks!! i hear good things. hope to see you soon :)
thank you love!! so sweet!!
have an amazing week! :) xo
happy birthday !!
thank you !
"any muslim in the us who believes in sharia should be deported!" ~ newt gingrich
thats 70% i say go for it.
oops i'm pushing 's buttons again
shouldn't you be undoing them? :3
my babys sick
i'm not sick wth
first video! hope you all enjoy it!
funniest video ever , you two make a good team i'm so excited for more
if it weren't for my forgiving landlords, i would be in a completely different position, .
why do i even trust you with my money?
so you've seen walk the line, but not star wars... lol this is amusing
yeah.. a few times
good! now he'll have plenty time to learn how to respect the flag and those who serve to protect it!
so far it's just conjecture!
i can't imagine the extra layer of complexity it adds.
there are some...things that inevitably occur that are just exhausting.
why? what is the issue?
the issue is a large number of dns lookups &amp; http requests that cause some pages to double (or more) in terms of page weight
highly emotional year for me at . was holding back tears through much of our set, now that's it over, i can't seem to stop..
your sets are so special and is one of the only environments i've found that can capture them so well
the revolution begins
pretty sure this is from kafka on the shore
r u sure ur not looking in a mirror ?
but if i asked the mirror who is the fairest of them all, it'll point to you
potential '' a key mechanism that explains how compounds researchers are developing can...
(cont)2 brain levels, more active in healthy than in schizophrenia patients (orange), in fmri working memory
great terroir tasting with and
was a pleasure to taste through your wines and meet the master of terroir
highly emotional year for me at . was holding back tears through much of our set, now that's it over, i can't seem to stop..
all other amazing memories aside, long count is what i think of when i think of sustain
when you with the squad and y'all song come on
so basically is old bitches that can't dance yeah that was trending this why they call it tha internet a bunch of 's
we'll keep our fingers crossed for you! what color would you get it in?
probably a neutral color
??? can anyone tell me what this tweet even means?
they are losing their minds, so anything that comes out of their heads they will start tweeting.
. from is doing *awesome* work with angular 2 conventions:
thanks :) there's a lot of awesome future features for conventions-loader planned. right now focusing on universal &amp; almond
it's on tomorrow, but yes it is going to be great!
ugh i thought today was tuesday - what a disappointment
maybe they ought to stream the emmys on netflix.
from last night
i was born with these brows...what can i say?
them some damn nice looking brows! so in style
this sickens me. why isn't afterburner banned yet
cause it's 10 months in and no one cares
seahawks cheated seahawks cheated seahawks cheated seahawks cheated seahawks cheated seahawks cheated seahawks chea...
2nd time in four years. a pattern of deciet. what's that we hear from espn? crickets.
i agree! cindy! it's outrageous obama was allowed to b president with him sealing all his records!
cruz too ... i don't trust anyone with sealed records!!
we are listening to a 15th century song about getting high in music history today because marijuana had just been discovered??
maybe that's where all of da vinci's craycray ideas came from
nevermind she want black dik, she dc
candice married some guy from the fray. before that, think she hooked up with a castmate as well.
oil executive forrest lucas on 's short list for interior | ap photo
fox guarding the chicken, he can't wait to destroy the environment evermore
mind if i shoot off questions to you as i hit them?
not at all!
you better think long &amp; hard about your vote ahmad khan rahami ...
oh, but this could never happen here...right hillary...right moronic liberals?
listening to francesa at the '91 cotton bowl gurgling that miami was an embarrassment is one of the best moments in cfb broadcast history
obviously you haven't listened to wfan from 1-630 the last 25 years...
literally me everyday, always hoping for new reviews
lol there's some that i totally know are about me too
it's a pretty hot one
the take, i mean.
it's a criminally underutilized tool in and these stats bare that out
. there's a fine line here. texts work b/c they're personal + relevant. when text &gt;&gt; email it won't work
i'll be writing an article about it all on the sony blog :)
great! i'd love to see gory details like unity being totally single-threaded and how to fix/workaround that issue
i fell in love with a semi-hollow a while ago.
which one? i really like the epi casinos. body size closer to a solid body
literally nothing messes me up more than when i fuck up at work
fuckin capricorn
i need to leave florida forever
come live with me
why are you still doing the same shit we were doing junior year?
some things never change! maturity, learning from the past, not to trust random boys, etc
i would only say that i am, here at least, specifically interested in the 24 hr news cycle as opposed to apps/notifications
yes. i get that. but i'm not sure that's super unique to your gen. thoreau spoke of similar things! :)
my daughter, 5, just announced to her brother, almost 3, "there's a bad guy named donald trump who wants to take over all of us."
i mean, she's not wrong...
my phone can be sitting on the table in view and i'll still get that phantom vibration feeling in the pocket where i keep it
i've kept my phone on silent for years to try to train my body not to do this and it still happens
so we're dying to know. how'd it go?
i survived! scariest part: the virtual receptionist. i'll provide all details tomorrow.
the take, i mean.
it's a hot take is all i'm trying to say
republican strategy of repeating this lie until the press starts headlining it uncritically appears to be working.
she great at lying
. shatters gop records by "empowering the grass roots &amp; railing against the elite" via
oh come on, he's given the alt-right a voice, and they are slithering out of their holes with $$.
presenting in 40 minutes at about "managing open source contributions in large organizations" @ parc 55 embarcadero.
i spoke in the same room just a bit ago about oss as well.
happy birthday heather
thanks babe
but what if you stuck in traffic for 3 hours is class still worse...
if i'm stuck in traffic for 3 hours i'm offing myself lmao
. the fresh thing about donald is that he doesnt try to be
think that comment was actually john studzinski's. dr. bremmer's commentary found trump decidedly less fresh.
but what if you stuck in traffic for 3 hours is class still worse...
but yeah class is still worse lol
i thought you wanted to move to manchesterrr
rumbled. why do i know of non
wednesday in cleveland. trump seizing the opportunity with outreach.
what do you mean?
november 8th is coming up quickly and conservatives across the country still need your help.
with respect, there are no more true conservatives, including you. ppl aren't stupid that's why we're backing trump. wake up!!
just recalled i used to do hebrew subtitles for the early 2000s amanda peet vehicle "jack and jill"
also the jamie foxx show
love and miss you boo. lunch soon?
same yes please
really hyped for the plus camera zoom and improved low light pics at concerts. my 6s+ isn't bad though:
great ad "midnight"
that i agree with - if the reply screams robot, that's not much better than nothing
. i used for a while + did not like. it didn't add value to either party &amp; made my challenges worse
i thought you wanted to move to manchesterrr
rumbled. also why do i know of none of these plans?
expect this to be the single biggest issue in ca, particularly in la. canna-crony-capitalism is real &amp; ultimately h...
yup, patients should not be the state's atm machine
trump met with "morning joe" hosts after months of public feuding: report
"hey, guys, how does $30 million for life sound?"
yes, nine can configure via appconnect and for afw
i'm sure you know this already but the keyboard doesn't work &amp; can't enter login info. hope nine work works with .
skip bayless needs to comeback to first take
his new show is ass bro
my half sister was in the same situation in richmond until she got a job working at the state department. it will get better
fingers crossed, fingers crossed
look at this analogy. f**king spot on!!!!!!!!!!!!!
don't forgot was rich, got "a small loan of a million dollars" from his dad, and ripped people off
almost every voter i talked to had 1. previously backed sanders and 2. really actually liked policy talk!
yes. they want info, not pandering "youthy" ads.
siemens ceo takes "very cautious approach" to 2017 in light of geopolitical uncertainties
lights always needs anything and everything as light only travels it does not extinguish.
doesnt make it fair to the other fans or comparable to jj so fans complaining should be perfectly understandable not "stupid"
there is no "fair" in the fight business.
i think some are voluntarily blinding themselves. latinx are not stupid. this will be a vote unlike any other.
yep! cubans in miami are saying they won't vote for trump. if the gop loses the cubans....
josh earnest claims isis "war of narratives"; fox host destroys him in one sentence
mother always said "words can hurt more than you think." so glad the pajama boys are in charge...
new york is fucking shook rn enjoy the show (not that i doubt that for a second)
thanks so much hana
same. lol wait how do i not know where u work?!
in half moon bay at the brewing company
about to have laser treatment and i have no idea what to expect and this is my only point of reference. help.
don't worry i use these lasers at work and they run on ms dos.
thank you so much dear
no problem love. sending you good vibes
honestly having a fucked up sleeping schedule could be one of the most depressing things ever
lol u should be used to it bruh
awesome move by xbox. ppl are saying sony brings out ps5 by 2018. thoughts?
nope not happening, sony isn't ending the gen at 70 million , those ppl are just upset they weak
call me on skype
oh my gosh hold on thank you tech support
it more of the preparation like taping that drives me nuts.
fuck painters tape, i have steady hand.
he stopped rapping about drugs
i suppose that makes more sense than to assume he'd change his flow lol
stop that's u! (also sorry if this is weird but ur hands are really nice)
omg! that's something new, thank youu
received $10 amazon gift card for my participation in contest for best story using aws a...
stay tuned for the announcement for the winner on wednesday.
okay sweet. my goal is to eventually write tests for all my projects, work and personal but it's a different mindset that takes
definitely. has an ebook on pragmatic testing that's good for the mindset stuff:
it is not a mistake to misrepresent yourself. it is called a conjob. just like trump is one big phony con artist.
i expect that sort of rhetoric from a liberal who's candidate is going to lose. jus...
good luck girls for tonight, see you on the other side
thanks babe
also the jamie foxx show
and there was some show with selma blair, a sort of bootleg friends. i did that too. the memories
have u ever held the key to a cucks cage ?
i have a few generous friends who enjoy having me be their key holder
means 2 things: 1.some big things will happen in messaging... 2.nlu is not that simple if even google needs to buy it
what?! this shit is easy ;)
sports are definitely worse. girl: i enjoy watching basketball. dumb ass nigga: name the bench on the sonics in 95... my nigga stfu.
but they will sit up here and try to tell you what concealer to wear!
yeah, that'll totally help with the bombings and mass-stabbings.
not every solution needs to be a silver bullet, yo.
is currently experiencing departure delays between 16 mins and 30 mins due to tm initiatives:mit:wx
is currently experiencing departure delays between 31 mins and 45 mins due to tm initiatives:mit:wx
should i buy the 5d mark iii or the 5d mark iv. serious question
save your money and get the mark 3 and invest in some good glass! the mk4 isnt worth all it is yet
ending the only successful system? what would you replace it with?
the system we seek hasn't been tried yet &amp; involves blending socially focused interventions, like worker ownership
it's been tooo long since i've hugged this kid
lol lil man will always be apart of the team
it's hard to stay neutral when embedded with a candidate but proposing that russia is doing terrorism is incoherent.
i saw the press conf, reporters looked like they were 18 yrs old
i don't even like league but this star guardian series is too good.
let's not forget star princess li-ming in hots!
my brain. fried. must feed my worm.
must be revisited. thorn &amp; dredgen yor is what i live for.
it's a way to dehumanize the victim.
deplorable!
on what basis would you say that?
her being a terrible person and all.\_()_/
two of the most important things i have seen today
these are things only fun to you and maybe and and
again its only quoted about mohammed beheading them quran 33.26 muslim and bukhari and others is proven
the lying imam was praying you cannot come up with sources.
which, of course, is why my name came up in mentions.
you came in at the end and insulted me. that's basically what you did. but keep twisting facts to support ur narrative.
those in session in data integration can also hear 's pitch. :)
is it because 'a voice (poor) or 'a voice (shouting)?
my go to is "well if that's what you want, i guess that works"
i like that, are you ordering a pizza? breaking up with someone?? who knows
"alt bourgeois elitist" joins "allegedly straight" and "3rd worst person in media" as one of my favorite descriptors thanks
minus the abs, i'm sure you're actually a swell dude.
you tryna put in overtime or nah
overtime, weekends, whatever. just want to put that work in.
so i'm on the bus; and this happens....
stranger: "yooo you that boy that know nicki minaj! can you get her to write me?" me:
look, a bomb in ny? of course terroeism is a high probability. but a probability isn't evidence. it's that simple.
yeah, well i'm just a guy on twitter. so if i jump to the wrong conclusion once in a blue moon, i'll say so and move on.
aim for the stars &amp; don't stay content. you all have a lot of good stuff to say so why not?
or i might open up a james bond-themed gentleman's club.
lmao it always gets ridiculous and i go to bed at 7am and i barely see sunlight, legit puts me into hardcore depression
u up late playing cs again? or what
didn't clock boy's family sue our taxpayers too? get all of them the hell out now. the entire ungrateful lot of em.
i once had a syrian landlord who harassed me daily. he sued me for fake repairs, but i won. muslims like to sue!
again its only quoted about mohammed beheading them quran 33.26 muslim and bukhari and others is proven
lying imam getting no respect again. lol :)
people who wear a rock/metal band t-shirt, but does not even listen to either of those genre makes me want to rip out my hairrrrrrr
what im sayin
who else remembers when brian austin green from "beverly hills 90210" was really trying to start a rap career ?
lol! wow that was a flashback!
when you see a bitch you don't like
@ that fucking whore/slut
i just noticed it too, is getting it fixed right away!
all fixed now. sorry for the noise. please do stop by for a gift from
so they are calling it now. do they have a cute name for monday day drinking?
slow down sunday manic monday tasty tuesday wacky wednesday freaky friday sexy saturday those where my names for them
because yall live hella close to me and when i was driving home the car in front of me had a license plate that said "vnny98" lol
omg woww what a coincidence lol but im born 97 anyways
i think you should stop threatening to put my texts on twitter before i put more of these "cute" vide...
omg motherrrrt
misery loves company
hey rich, but is back on sunday
why is it so hard to buy bucatini? where can i find you dear bucatini?
good life grocery on cortland ave has it fresh every day if you're willing to fly to san francisco
this is nicer than my regular office view, by quite a bit.
you and me both!
it is so beautiful! i want to go there now. haha. with your special "training", you can definitely find out where it is.
dragon wing can satellite-track this.
the thing that gets to me the leo's and security services claiming this as such a success - after the bombs went off
yeah, and it turns out the little scumbag made repeated trips to afghan. and pakistan-yet feds didn't notice/care
if wants to be america's newscaster he should be talking about the murder of righ...
deplorable !
right, don't let reality get in the way of your cowardly xenophobia. go find a bunker to hide in
hillary is the only official i've ever heard blame for anybody killed in service to america.
serves you right. your track record precedes you.
you've lost me. i'll be in buffalo soon enough and i'll be happy to try and teach you the art of communications in person.
set up my new virtual boy
galactic pinball and wario land are two amazing games!
look, a bomb in ny? of course terroeism is a high probability. but a probability isn't evidence. it's that simple.
that said, if i knee jerk to blaming it on radical islam, i'm more likely to be right than wrong.
these moments with jay..
they are ya man in nyc.
that sounds mcnasty!! ew......lol.
i hear they're good with ranch dressing. lol!!!
from now on, all im gonna focus on is making amazing content for you guys and just living a healthy happy life thank you for being here
i love you. here for you always. no matter what
just wanted to say, great job catching the a hole that set bombs in ny! thanks for all you do!
u have a great week linda!
so they are calling it now. do they have a cute name for monday day drinking?
of yea, was/am in love with vodka, we getting married one day
sitting on 2,000 year old steps soaking in this magical trip...inspired and ready to come home...until next time, g...
what was your favorite part of greece? i enjoyed fira.. wish we could've crossed paths!
!! did you have to sign a thing saying you wouldn't leak top secret plot details?
the shows got to israel pretty late, sadly
i can't believe i'm missing dreamstate by a week
i'll be there don't worry
galactic pinball and wario land are two amazing games!
so is panic bomber
so big controversy today is whether 23rd &amp; 6th - aka bomb site - is or . gotta love
it's really 'on the line...' some sources say chelsea extends east to 6th ave, some don't.... who knows? both....
but still ok to sell him unlimited guns and ammo with no background check, tho?
we sold him a pressure cooker and a cell phone
raise your hand if you had team europe starting 2-0... what a game!
who disappoints on the world stage more: or ? i say russia since they have more talent &amp; seem to care.
nothing gets by matt murry everyone should already know this
he's a brick wall i can't argue there. team na kills it
i have some help from lumpy to check people in at ,
please kellyn, mention him as
don't worry er, christopher kane made orange ones too
on my way home i can find you some rocks to shove in the holes. nobody will know the difference
wannabe pirates walk the plank. real pirates shoot the barrrrrel.
real pirates shoot barrels, cannonballs,gases and other sharp projectiles.
while i was updating my computer rebooted and this is what i get.
sad, but true: macs have issues too. :-)
tebow's agent also represents cepedes. this could all be a ploy to get the agent to convince cespe...
very interesting angle
which, i still would. i really don't giveaf about the body, but scratches on the glass are pretty unignorable when bad.
if apple only offered the jet black (or it was the only black option), people could complain.
drjillstein: why is govgaryjohnson backing down on his previous demand that all 4 ballot qualified candidates should be in the debates? ...
"aleppo for 100, alex"
motivation
that's the key baby
i have seen 'please bang my wife' on my tl all morning what is going on
do you really want to know
hang out with people that make your heart feel good
how this get so many likes and retweets ur hella tumblr
my body is a temple
ur teeth are gonna look like dis if u keep eating that crap
she'll probably suck at playing fibage, or hell secret hitler.
lol playing fibage is fun. played it with and a couple other friends a couple times during a gathering :)
she hooked up witb both zack roerig and steven mcqueen
ooh, castmates!
set up my new virtual boy
did you know about this alex?
happy bday to my bestie of honestly 3 weeks!! ily, thank you for accepting my transfer ass
as much as i hate you....i still love you u stupid transfer !!! so happy you came into my life
what's the first thing you plan on doing in ??
grind for my favorite weapon. hopscotch pilgrim
remember the film ? i experienced it in real life &amp; so can you! details on my blog
this is so cool!
just got my new license in the mail. can i j...
also can you please make a wanted poster with all of these???
get ya entitled ass a spot, stay shut, and get off on your spot. that's all you gotta do but y'all wanna be doing t...
that second spot should say stop but idc still not as stupid as these pieces of shit on the subway
my life consists of waiting for somebody all the time
@ me u scammer
oh snap. poor parris
nah poor you and stubby playing the gimped emerald version!
i can't wait to spoil my wife everyday
babe. you can start now
best reason to gym in the am is the eye candy. well that and starting your day strong but like let's talk about the biceps on these guys.
but lets face it the man candy gets ya through
two words.... "radical islam"
3 words "basket of deplorables
what they need you to do
a whole lot for it being our first time using it !!
which, i still would. i really don't giveaf about the body, but scratches on the glass are pretty unignorable when bad.
my jet black iphone just arrived. it's awesome. i'll baby it for a week, then scratch the hell out of it. whatever.
if it weren't for my forgiving landlords, i would be in a completely different position, .
i had sufficient funds in my account. the payee said they did not receive the check.
i was talking about a pomegranate
sure you were
genuine question and asking in a positive way. what process will smisa follow to gauge the 1/
views of its members/owners on the managerial vacancy to ensure that these views are represented 2/
happy b-day to my dawg
preciate it bro
lineup: nunez 3b pagan lf posey c pence rf hernandez cf crawford ss belt 1b bumgarner p tomlinson 2b
dont fux it up this time!
fair enough lol
btw, i'm glad the law got that guy before he had a chance to hurt anyone or worse.
i can paint a blanket wall all day. but a kitchen... i have to move all the stuff, tape the edges, move the stove and frig...
ewww that's the worst, you painting to get ready to move or just because
drooling...hoping finger lakes beverage stocks it!
it won't see distro. they packaged this beer to sell only at the brewery and it sold out in less than two days. more to come.
happy birthday bro
preciate it bro
pls stop recording the whole assembly omg
literally the freshman since the minute we walked in
torrey is paul's his ex wife?
torrey devitto.
hi, i'm the internet's loren brichter. this fall, don't forget to pull (a lever) to refresh (your democracy).
i hate you. i love you. stop making me so conflicted with your words.
i was blasting spanish music &amp; this white lady had her window down &amp; when i stopped next to her that bitch put her window up
and when she passed me she put her window down again and i went next to her again and she put her window up again
two men demanded i stop singing, took my cart, threw my nose at me, pulled out a knife. asbury cops call this assault "harassment."
after a white cop listened to my report of the knife threat, a black sergeant came out and questioned me as if i was the criminal.
with on last night.
are you a supporter of marriage equality in support of
according to , this is *the* waterfall pose.
my name is grace and i appreciate nature!
this should be fixed now please let us know if you're still having issues. thanks -hm
thanks for the update! i'll harass you if anything. =p
interesting that trump thinks the medieval era extended in to the 1790s.
what? you are kidding. right? is he that stupid?
if we want something good, copra versus stands alone. tire fires i'll keep an eye out for next week.
if i'm drunk, i don't want to talk about good comics because i'll get all gushy and sloppy and embarrassing.
good news, everyone! just to let you know, when crafting a tweet, gifs no longer count toward the 140 character lim...
looks great in third party clients!
no that is an orthodox view which we reject fully
who is we? you have no following so stop pretending you have a say in islam.
hey, rlee , tell us where this mountain range is located!
i was going to say switzerland cuz he moved there from england. but these r not snow-capped alps.
nah i just have really bad insomnia tbh, but ye i end up playing cs lmao
lmaoooooo you gotta actually try to sleep man cant just stay up even later staring at a bright ass screen
well my son has 2 broken fingers!! it's a party!!!!!
you played w broken everything? you going soft on me fam?
i have nothing but great things to say about . time to switch
would love to, but switching banks is a pain. and wf covers atm fees in ny.
i have done that several times too, if only as a dj, to find out how you nail it live like this
holy heck overdriven speakers and holy heck look at that crowd go!
proving once again my problem with that generation. we xers where lot more realistic even in our 20s &amp; 30s.
i disagree. that wasn't a diss to millennials at all. you can be realistic about policy and still have duende on the stump.
stranger: "yooo you that boy that know nicki minaj! can you get her to write me?" me:
stranger: i love nicki so much.... i really fuck with her hard, except when she was on that retarded roman shit me:
.'s on red carpet! more photos:
definitely last night!!!
faving for your cross-platform message consistency
coordination makes the messaging
as of this afternoon, tim tebow's jersey was the mlb's 3rd-highest seller, behind only david ortiz and kris bryant.
i feel like might be a little too buff for baseball... but the might wanna holler at him
slow down on the pineapple, buddy. you're starting to taste like a goddamn pia colada.
gotta be better than a salt lick.
is it boot season yet
everyone in college were wearing them today
day 1 in the pit: lil dark in here... bassianus actually isn't dead he just needed an advil
if you knew that then why didn't you give me any!?!?
surprised you didn't @ me tbh
everyone already knows you're trash
i hate when this song plays because it reminds me that i'm not actually in new york.
i still get very angry when i see one of those posters of her as "ambassador of new york"
in nyc too sigh
nice! i should have some time to meet up tomorrow or wed
it's also possible the cop lied, because they seem to be able to do that with impunity. ask or .
you forgot walter scott. cmon you're supposed to be an ally, how can you virtue signal correctly if you can't remember? foh
went to the concert in philly last night. they had everyone entranced. amazing show. chills!
favorite band...
wow, i've seen synesthesia covered on 60 minutes. i'm jealous! how does yours manifest? music, smell, how?
smells and colors
congrats lady! is damn lucky to have you. have a wonderful first day!
this is very sweet!!! thank you
i smiled at lin-manuel miranda as i passed him in the lobby, but i was too short, and he didn't see me.
this is what i get for putting my hair up in a bun.
walked into the comcast store, got them to do a thing for me, got my bill lowered by $10/mo, and got out in under 5 minutes. what is life?
follow up: came home to this
"we have got to do everything we can to make sure that hillary clinton is elected president." -
bernie go fuck yourself you socialist scumbag.
giiiiirrrrllll you don't wanna be in gp rn its 100 degrees rn lol
bitch it's raining &amp; ugly here i'm ready for the heat i'm already pale as hell
i know cause last time i didn't see you lol so i gotta see you this time!
you'll be at the top of my list next time i come.
oh and gw bush also wake up
everybody with a lick of sense knows that the ambassador is responsible for the lives at his station.
beds uncomfortable, showers awkward, too many social butterflies. loving college -_-
that's the spirit buddy
mexican police find van with homemade bazooka for launching drugs into us via
wow! how creative! ugh
tonight's starting lineup.
definitely a winning line-up! so happy bruce is grabbing some pine!
come see chvrches tomorrow!
wait where?!//come pick me up
mad because i had to turn off anon on my art blog finally bc someone will not stop fucking harassing me with info they refuse to source lol
(although i know what the "source" is they continue to expect me to believe them based on..an anon message? lmfao) so im mad
one of the top 5 realest niggas to ever live
that $5 box be a life saver
you wouldn't be invited
that is true lmao
omg that is a crazy good sweet. just eat, don't ask questions.
ack. i chose this instead. (luckily this new place is just 2 blocks from me.)
so that's mostly why i'm frustrated lmao just the fact that i've been trying to make one and then this happens
my goodness that's frustrating.
racebent , and more in profs &amp; 's new article in
can't wait to read it!
it's like this particular one tho
were not all horrible :(
can't stop crying what the fuck. where is this coming from. make it go away
i feel you
such a great place!!
its my favourite shop evah!
is this hills millennial thing today? did it happen yet
no they're just trapped there forever like that. it's like uber, but for wax museums
music midtown did us right! big thanks to the big bro for bringing me out
u didnt invite me babe?
stranger: i love nicki so much.... i really fuck with her hard, except when she was on that retarded roman shit me:
i was really ready to attack this bitch like... and even after i gave her hints via putting in my headphones, she still was the fuck talking
(although i know what the "source" is they continue to expect me to believe them based on..an anon message? lmfao) so im mad
wanted to keep anon on that blog so shy people could do stuff like ask for brush settings and stuff but :'/ oh well
aww, don't worry. all okay. be chill like a new yorker. :)
hahah it's like second nature to you guys, not so much for me
where are you headed to today? we're excited. ^jr
flying from to . from sea to shining sea.
5/20 - one quarter down already. feeling unstoppable! this is mercedes house, one of the coolest...
wow amazing
she selected daly city bart station as her destination when he pointed to her destination on the phone im pretty sure she wanted any station
but she didn't know how to explain to him, so she just decided to go with it
don't take the big bus tour i was so disappointed with it
aww no really? why?
who wore the condom last, and what kind of snake are we talking about?
wealthy corporate interests wore the condom(don't tell me trump is not fronting for them) the snake resides in the tall grass
my new friend (claudia), she is a good human being &amp; v talented
hi! i'm based in oakland and currently developing content for vr. hit me up! (thx !)
that's what i was leaning towards.
yeah it makes more sense cause the glass is what matters, using a mk1 and a 24-70l is better then a mk4 and a kit lens lol
the morning started off poorly by getting rear ended on 71/75 on the way to x. but what great news to end the day!
stop doing this to me man! killing me!!
torrey is paul's his ex wife?
yup. their marriage was brief. she appeared on tvd.
! can't get enough of ? keep tweeting the hashtag to see a surprise on your tweet!
she's so basic
no that is an orthodox view which we reject fully
liar. you said bukhari is a good source. . all caught up in your lies for allah.
we were if we would've gotten caught for half the shit we did that would've been our asses knowing our moms
dude when we would ditch school to go to mc donald's
how does one become a go go dancer? it looks fun
go to a club/ bar that have an opening
so nice you had to post it twice?
typo in the first one, dipshit
i just tripled my resume
lol but with what forms of experience
out 3-4 weeks, according to the team.
glad the club got out in front of the injury this time with communication.
i was really ready to attack this bitch like... and even after i gave her hints via putting in my headphones, she still was the fuck talking
her: what's your favorite nicki songs? take me with you to her next concert. me:
"our counterterrorism &amp; law enforcement professionals...are working together, around the clock, to prevent attacks &amp; to keep us safe"-
guess you fucked in nyc. reports that terrorist travelled often to afghanistan and pakistan-feds did nothing at all. why??
netflix should really do world/national news.
i so wish not.
i actually really like the way it feels.
me too. i guess a lot of people think it feels like a real click though? it didn't fool me. but i liked it anyway
she koming with me though
she's not coming lol
i haven't started it yet!! but it's in my queue lol
it's one of the best shows and his performance is excellent!! get excited lol
i just want to draw and sleep but i have to drive for 4 more hours
please kill me i'm stuck in traffic here
lookit what i got this weekend.
the coins! one for and one for me!
wanted to keep anon on that blog so shy people could do stuff like ask for brush settings and stuff but :'/ oh well
srry but my art blog is not here for anon discourse :^)
good luck homering against the mets with tim griffey jr. patrolling the outfield
100% photoshopped or just told him we are gonna throw a ball and make it look like u robbed it
yep! cubans in miami are saying they won't vote for trump. if the gop loses the cubans....
oh please oh please oh please
if city want him mate,they'll take him !
60m plus aguero and hes yours
monday night games are hard to go to for most people.
of course. and the fact that the mets are facing the national league's worst team, plus the bomb scare.
watch jack white perform "sugar never tasted so good," "just one drink" on "jools holland" via
flawless performance by
guess if you're a pathological liar you feel comfortable having other liars around. christie perfect to have in dt's intelligence briefings.
true, but all of us supporting hillary need to make sure were registered 2vote &amp; exercise our rights as us citizens
she hooked up witb both zack roerig and steven mcqueen
ugh. i would've went for michael trevino.
why is it 5.33 and not 5.32
some verses in the "ahmadi koran" are off by one number.
lmao omg we dyin for some rain here we out here sweating our tits off just by walking to our car lmao
yeah bitch send that up to new england bruh
social good summit = awesome learning opp we need one focused on
we are creating a kids kindness cart in our library makerspace for ss to make a difference!
y'all i'm too sad to do anything i don't even wanna shower but i feel gross and i have stress hives and i wanna drop. oouuuutttt
i'm so sorry you're dealing with this. sometimes sitting in the shower helps for me. try to eat something warm that doesn't take
well deserved! the world is going to know about you mr kindness! congrats. thank you today! bisous
always because life is now!
i was so happy i need to return to africa, ghana was so great. this is deff one of my fave pics.
&amp; need to get my hair braided this way again
don't forget my t shirt
maybe when i have a bed
literally never thought i would say this but i'm honestly so fucking over it
soccer? me too
this is the only frame rate needed to watch pro wrestling!
every show is 7 hours long!
don't ask me. im playing my oldest son the feelies at the moment trying to see if there's a spark of interest in his eye.
dont want to be that guy forcing his dad music on a kid, but theres only so much katy perry and chainsmokers a man can take
that line in that song rings true for dungeness n walland
certainly does chris.
players and coaches combined total i hope, torts popularity is our ace in the hole.
i won't lie, boys: i would watch a reality show--a la hard knocks--starring torts.
please kill me i'm stuck in traffic here
my ac is on full blast but i'm still baking in my car because it's 103 here
it was so much fun to be on stage with these folks.
it was fun to hear roald dahl read in a southern accent. more of that!
pretty sure i tweeted this during the play he got injured rofl
i'm so happy i'm playing you next week before brady is back
i'm so sorry you're dealing with this. sometimes sitting in the shower helps for me. try to eat something warm that doesn't take
a lot of effort like toast so you can felt cozier after a shower. much love
. so your assertion is that's a positive thing? just want some clarification.
this is so odd. does the trump campaign think the national front is bad?
banks already win every time we err. if ai assistants help us, and are replaceable, we can get tech on our side too
so you're right, but we hope to commoditize/open-source a lot of ai to drive down margins/exploitation. hey we need pivotal ai!:)
on what song
hard ii love
so blessed that my bday is also . here's an old piece about me hanging with pirates:
happy birthday, teditor!
who's ready for a review? keep your eyes peeled, it's coming your way later!
super cute and bright
agree, they should maybe hang him from a flag pole for a couple days! i bet you could kapernick to stand at attention for that!!
you think so? i don't think he would budge lol.
he assured me that my experience was not indicative of the policies and went above and beyond to make it right.
proud of you for big-timing them in twitter. 66k is no joke
happy birthday my friend
happy birthday bro
read this email i just received.
that's a lot of crap to read bruh.
i hear there is socializing to be done.
definitely! i need to reset my clock to pst, are you in town now?
she's to young.... and i ain't dealing with that.
she's right
hm it seems trump improperly designated his foundation as 501(c)(3). this'll matter to his supporters, who think jews have night vision
then explain my night vision!
students: have you have gotten drunk because of stress. please
i'm a recovering alcoholic blessed to have graduated from ucla phd '98. yes i wanted to drink but didn't!
can't bring myself to ask these guys to leave my doorway
they just chillen
wow, blake deserves so much. congrats blake, my fav fucking cowboy ever!!!
(somehow i think your only)
i don't think the gap between uofl and uk has ever been this large and it's understandably devouring their souls.
it's a small meal ... more of a snack, really.
how tech companies disrupted silicon valley's restaurant scene by via thanks
the part about the robots was bleak
such transition is not going to happen overnight, and we urgently need to reduce emissions now... 2/2
well, *now*. lots of immediate mitigation steps available (*that we're not doing*), not so much for ccs.
what december look like?
i've been tryna find a pic from friday. i was there but my died. designed by
all you ever say is "keep watching foxnews", sounds like you're in your own echo chamber. what a joke.
. sounds like you're spewing foxnews conspiracy theories. i live 4 blocks from the explosion. so seriously, go fuck yourself. hard
what's for thanksgiving dinner? ...
thank you just got this one and the pumpkin book can't wait to read with my little one!
i parallel parked for the first time in my life
i will walk 10 miles just so i don't have to parallel park
whatcha doing tonight
nothing why
time! a pair of bespoke slippers! simply + to !
i also follow on instagram
ya lleg mi maleta i want to thank not only god but jesus
so blessed so moved so grateful can't believe this is my life never gonna take it for granted.
. the one cop saying "he looks like a bad dude too ... be on something ..." is so prejudicial.
has the cop in the helicopter who says "he looks like a bad dude too..." been identified yet?
5 hour energy is all fun and games until you hit that crash
5 hrs are cool but have you ever tried red line??? those are insane
you guys only average 10-25 likes/retweets. total liberal echo chamber. nobody's listening to you
and no one listens to deplorable racists like yourself with tweets like that.
when i unfollow someone i am like 'what if that was my husband...?'. i'm ridiculous
and super cute to think that
that's a north fork/middle island kid thing and i hate it.
i have a broad taste and can go from one to the next but this is so specific
people who harass other people about discourse on anon are so fucking cowardly lmao, if you believe your opinion is right why are you so-
terrified to stand by it? the worst i can do to you is block you lmao
$ontx still holding waiting for 3 upcoming catalysts this year as represented by co. recently.
just spoke with ben at ir, warrants + float make market cap = cash at hand, oct investor conference nonevent for stock price
i started making beats again. well, one beat. so far. objectively, i think it's pretty good. wish me luck!
dope. what you using?
"men cannot comprehend what rape does to a woman. a step forward would be more women involved in policy-making"
men get raped too. i think to say that they don't get what it does not only completely disregards that fact but
the focus group? :-(
:heh. no, definitely not. something unrelated.
join the open forum on africa alternative investment intensive
last reminder: join the open forum on africa alternative investment intensive sept 20th ...
i keep hearing crop tops are coming back in for men but i can't find any online for less than $30 and that's too much money for less fabric.
i just make my own at this point
cashman just said bird has to earn his spot too between him and austin.
i can't see austin beating out bird but we'll see
hey rich, but is back on sunday
and the first season of is on netflix if you need to catch up!
yes, i've wished to have lost you, but alas ...
you have zero idea what you are arguing with me about. you refuse to look at my timeline cause you want to play the troll card
when your birthday is right around the corner and your sister works at lush
i feel this on a spiritual level
in multi-party democracies, national-front-style parties have struggled to win outright majorities, even as they've strengthened. 1/x
and in the us it would probably be same thing. standalone, a trumpist party probably gets around 35%. but the nature of polarization 2/x
so the benghazi four lay at hillary door step
typical of america, always blaming somebody else. the fault lies with the people who did the killing.
implement permanent redirects properly: podcasts can change urls and not lose subscribers podcasts who 301 incorrectly break
you sure seem to care a lot about podcasts.
once the babies hatch they'll probably migrate
. it's ok for now they can eat all the mosquitoes no zika 4 u. phone corrected it to zima. rip zima. gone but not forgotten
i wonder how people he sent that too
i don't even care it's deadass one of the few actually funny things mike has said in his lifetime
i spend a lot of time thinking about how unhappy i was working at google those 4.5 years. it was mostly my manager's pessimism &amp; bullying.
very subtle bullying. the kind that isn't noticeable by hr. the kind that makes people increasingly miserable until they resign from google.
man, we should learn how to talk about politics without getting butthurt
too many people listen to respond rather than listen to understand
this song is everything!
ugh i know it
yes, i've wished to have lost you, but alas ...
have a nice night. i'll look you up when i come home for thanksgiving and you can enlighten me in person. i'll even buy a round
ppl don't slide in my inbox/dm often but when they do its shit like this. lol "professional retoucher" i'm gd my g.
anybody who contacts me concerning business through dm/fb msg, i rarely take serious... especially "professionals".
that's the worst idea in history.
what the hell r u smoking. pls b serious &amp; just get out of the race. earlier u were praising trump over hillary.enough
i'll dm you a list of accounts i need deleted
first to go: t**** and get my girlies to 100 mill followers
i heard austin, atlanta and denver are nice locations in 2017
i will definitely see you at least one of these places :)
hillary clinton's new ad will remind you how awful trump has been to veterans
no one lies better than killary
aii than we out to the halloween bash this yea than
sounds good
"men cannot comprehend what rape does to a woman. a step forward would be more women involved in policy-making"
also gives women license to feel perpetually victimized instead of healing.
very subtle bullying. the kind that isn't noticeable by hr. the kind that makes people increasingly miserable until they resign from google.
very depressing topic. i've said enough. don't go work for google. it's too risky that you'll be pigeonholed and made miserable there. sick.
you're the best and my favorite person. i'm so proud of you.
i love you
i love you all so much. thank you so much for being so nice and such great people :)
we love u too! sorry couldn't say good night to ya last night with the freeze. keep up the amazing work. love seeing ur face
. also trashes 's reporting. zero proof trump's given that much to charity or anywhere close
would be interesting to see someone press surrogates on whether their numbers come from docs or just being told
a gf/bf without the title is not a gf/bf. don't overthink it
i'm not over thinking anything lol i'm asking a question lol
on ios safari when clicking a link there is a "open in new tab" option. some day people are going to wonder "what the hell is a 'tab'?"
it's that thing you order when they are all out of diet coke
what's this sunday lookin like?
probably round 2 haha
trevino only dates asian girls
that's too bad, he's cute. those wb/cw shows tend to be a hookup cesspool. one tree hill tvd dawson's creek
pics or it didn't happen brit
i'll get there
i can't believe he said that. i'm shook bitch!
mostly sad.
it's still summer if i post wedding photos
white after labor day? how tacky.
read this carefully
we all agree...but somehow gauti you don't like dhoni. .that's the bitter truth...but i always admire you..you're the best
you're quitting? good. god bless.
ill fulfill the rest of his bookings.
and in the us it would probably be same thing. standalone, a trumpist party probably gets around 35%. but the nature of polarization 2/x
means that a fn takeover of the gop gives you nearly half of the voters, &amp; a good shot at control of the most powerful gov in the world 3/3
enthusiasm??
i can only speak for myself. i'm enthusiastic. i believe minorities will put her in office
i can eat a whole cake right about now
just give me two slices ...i love to eat
ron, we're excited to have you aboard. let the flights begin. ^jr
nothing but blue skies. beautiful day for flying.
yeah at least she was aware of it its james who doesn't believe it
he will in due time but she never seen vaul was as bad as nicorey
i feel as though i've been voted off the island because i haven't read it yet
um there's a hp reread bookclub in my office. i'm the silent lurker on the email chain
but if you saw that game, he was asked to block and he blocked his a$$ off!
stud blocker not killing pats more hate wilbon's bears hate. martellus was hated in that locker room was time to move him.
i gonna make more rick and marty charms i gues
pls make one of the evil rick from pocket mortys...or bubblegum rick.....pls min
i love the weather on the west coast. i could live here.
gotta love that cali sun! too bad u gotta go to the muggy east coast
no one ever remember why they first followed me which is why i keep losing followers
i followed you because you live in the bay area
anybody can get it
now.. that picture is disrespectful.
the one on the upper right. it shows more of your pretty face.
aww that's nice!
a push to stop obama from transferring control of the internet: protect the internet -&gt;
stop him from giving the internet
running a feed aggregator means constantly finding an even lower common denominator.
my school therapist used to say the same thing about me and look at me now mrs. roberta!
i need these
been searching in my size and nothing
that's too bad, he's cute. those wb/cw shows tend to be a hookup cesspool. one tree hill tvd dawson's creek
didn't some folks on roswell hook up irl?
oh please oh please oh please
obama won miami cubans in 12 &amp; cubans nationally. gop may have a pblm
trump troll euthanizer
euthanizer? ya kow, in a the good way
meh. i don't really care for her design as much.
to be fair, hers is less of a magical girl and more space heroine with magical girl touches.
how dare you
i can ask you the same about said fashion choices.
looks like they r legal now coze the saudi-s who r using them with the support of and
they get most of their weapons from briton
terrifying.
or relieving
holy shit i won an yesterday. it's just now hitting me. sorry everyone.
apology accepted. was it for the marshall's ad?
do we get both the codes after purchase or do i have to wait?
both at same time. emblem code will be in email. link to download soundtrack not working at the moment.
putin shoe polisher
putin shoe polisher
yo i'm not ready for college
i still ain't ready for it...
ooooo boy just got a new humble bundle for you guys ill post it lata
when u gonna stream? i miss them lucy skills
whoa. that's messed up
right?! lmao there are no words. haha
home sweet home | white, pinks &amp; greys - oh my! on
loving that picture!
when a monk writes a book ...
a book writing monk walks into a bar, stop me if you heard this one...
week before he did yeoman's work blocking in a win at az.
fully agree my point more is wilbon has blind bears hate. mbs time was up here as 3rd team now he was disliked in locker room
why is it that when you open your computer it makes the tired disappear
artificial light fuckin us up
la's arterials are also gigantic - they have no excuse.
not sure i would halt rail though, the city needs it and their costs are ok by this country's standards
playing an awful monster person in season 2 of 's web series "uninspired." coming soon.
unstoppable!
if someone says they got a "situation" or "it's complicated" that's kinda like a gf/bf with out the title right?
it means you should run in the opposite direction
sure hope you enjoyed a great meal at , mj! what brings you to sf?
new work responsibilities. will be spending a lot more time in san francisco.
means that a fn takeover of the gop gives you nearly half of the voters, &amp; a good shot at control of the most powerful gov in the world 3/3
keep reporting chris! keep demanding the truth!
the g players aren't arrogant braggers. they aren't full of themselves. they are good men trying their best. i don't get it.
don't shoot the messenger, i was only sharing
yup. at the pivotal office now.
cool, where at?
holy shit i won an yesterday. it's just now hitting me. sorry everyone.
well-deserved xx
but in many multiparty democracies, winning 35% of the vote can get you an outright majority.
right, but you still need coalition partners.
what'd you think of it?
i love it. flavor wise it's much different from the chinese pork bun i always eat
low res nana abe on a abandon island bridge, running away from weed as it tries consume the island
nana abe is 420 years old
it's compared to conventional panels. our panels are more efficient and longer lasting, so less degradation, making more energy.
i see. can we see the full report and/or data?
if you can find a rohmer film where an actress wears a bra i'll give you one million dollars
bra-less is more. *i'll show myself out.
holy shit i won an yesterday. it's just now hitting me. sorry everyone.
congratuations! i think you deserved the oscar for remy while we're on the subject.
this is how you do it in nola! seafood gumbo and all the fixins'. ...
i'll be in nola this weekend!
watch live performance of my new song 'any way you want' tell me what u think!
love u...i think you are awesome!
both. i'm doing a billion house repair projects while i'm hunting. it's actually quite refreshing. no asshole yelling at me.
hopefully all went well with your exam. so that means you can finally move
"the police are not the problem in this country. the criminals are."
why isn't this guy under indictment and why did 2 liberal, democratic mayors, cory booker and rahm emanuel, hire him?
hilarious &amp; adorable! we've always known tm was a worldclass swear artiste but nb is really impressive too! well done!
that was one funny hehehe cackle from
wish i could have been there. i miss u guys.
same. *hugs*
can we all at least agree conan is amazing its just on at a bad time
yeah conan is in wrong place wrong time :/
i bought it and i only have the order confirmation
you'll get it. it says within 24 hours.
history teaches us that weakness arouses evil. when becomes president, will once again lead from the world stage
you are so full of shit.
anyway shrug emoji they keep flipping out about me not responding to them when they just keep sending the same message over and over and i-
havent even been on tumblr for a week lmfao
coming from someone who thinks mexican candies are all jalapeno flavored. kappa
lol fucking what
rl soap opera update: person a seems to be business-as-usual; person b is jokey; person b's wife is a bit handsy; dormouse is awkward...
handsy? (that's another afternoon play, btw)
feelin' groovy? this is how you dressed for high school in 1969.
that native american hippy looks just like you jess
i'm disgusted with brower county sheriff's dept. in ft. lauderdale airport for profiling myself and photographer and performing
you deserve to be arrested for that hairdo
say hello to the black.
does it record sound?
it means you should run in the opposite direction
it's just a good question
so how about doing 3 talks in 16 hours, 2 of them at the same time, different rooms? challenge accepted
if anyone can do it , it'd be you :-)
and the there is the rape case
i wouldn't put it past him but i'm growing a little skeptical. from jezebel:
i bought it and i only have the order confirmation
after i bought it i got email two hours later with emblem code and link to soundtrack.
also i'm still angry they picked the little kid over me for the ollivander's demo!
oh man, you need to talk to about this one!
it's a monuments disgrace to have to deal with bigotry at this level in 2016...
it's dangerous &amp; if allowed 2 grow, it could b death knell to usa as we know it; what a trump presidency represents.
i was always here just tweeting
oh lawd i need to be paying better attention!
i will be super impressed if any of you got it right!
dragon wing is good. i only had a hunch. but he nailed it.
that life aint for me
not even a very clean bulk?
getting sick of mres i just want real food for fuck sake
i got two packs in the backseat
you sound worried matt
crisis is just another word for opportunity
another moon monday for everyone
that bum is legendary
lots of great times wit all the people at schs i will miss u goat
what happened boys
s/o to the homie who's no longer a teenager on to the next stepping stone
my youth is fading,,,,,,,,
people who need their receipt at starbucks: for what?
i've been getting mine for expenses for the last three months and i can feel everyone judging me
would be interesting to see someone press surrogates on whether their numbers come from docs or just being told
if they say they've seen documents---well we'd love to see what you saw. if not---so you don't actually know.
sorry for the delay, do you still want to make a reservation for next sunday?
no it's fine. i already left mexico
i'll be home for ualbany's homecoming
when is it?
take your bald fat ass and go back to the 1800's.
no thanks, i like the 21st century. all this information to shit on lap it up goons like you, it's like christmas.
love del rio's gambling nature.....4th and 2 at midfield backfired but 4th and goal at the 2 didn't...live by the sword die by the sword
at rams game yesterday. 90,000 there 40,000 seahawks fans
the remake has grown on me. but i've seen the original so many times.. love the gritty 70s.
i haven't watched the original in years. waiting on that deluxe arrow bluray
i'm done with mccarthy, man. he's lost me.
if they win the superbowl i'm gonna screen shot zezzy's last message so when he comes back with mccarthy shut it down
happy sweet 16 girl, love and miss you enjoy it
love u girl thank you
patchogue is no bueno for me
why is this
me either but if he doesn't heal 100% then there can be setbacks. hopefully there are none.
on the fence with austin. has shown flashes and then regresses
andrea mitchell has gone off the deep end. she is a self hating woman so jealous of hillary she cant think straight a disgrace to journalism
yup she and wolf need to exit stage left
love @ first kiss be having me &amp; ricky dyingggggg. mad awkward
when's it on
i miss you sweet bean
awwww mi amor, te amo mucho &amp; i miss you too! hope everything is well, besitos (para ti y tu bebe)
thank you for the mention. we're glad that you enjoyed our email course and hope that it gave your learning a boost!
it certainly did! hablamos muy bien ahora. ;)
video analysis of collapsing by former secret service agent and ed klein
she can't hide any longer!
why trump supporters believe the donald can do no wrong via
excellent article. thanks for sharing.
'absolutely horriying' you'll wish you'd never watched this tarantula shed its skin
scary monster
don't look for tim tebow jerseys for sale at citi field
it's embarrassing to see tebow in a jersey! alderson signing this clown who couldn't make it in the nfl is wrong
what did you give me spit out the cough drop before it's too late
it was so fucking nasty i bit it and almost died
wish i had stew leonard's popcorn....
the last time i bought it you complained about unpopped kernels. no more popcorn for you!
six days until round one of coheed!
me: on my death bed cuz i didn't go to this tour.
gen, tell serena it's a halloween party so don't be a boring bitch and dress up!
better dress up! best dressed gets a bottle
not really when ur doing it from your armchair lad, supporters are expected to show support
i live in america... been to literally every liverpool game stateside... am i not a fan?
i got: 87% what % millennial stereotype are you? via
how the eff did i get this, im barely one
happy to all of ye scurvy dogs. hahaha.
-- well shiver me timbers
what the hell did you plan on eating
bro i could go to c&amp;j for a small bbq chicken with rice and macaroni salad for $5 .. all i needed was to last till thursday
i like to think i'm posh spice but i think i'm kimchi spice
adobo spice or boiled cabbage spice (i'm filipino and irish)
gets on his pogo stick. i'll be right there. *spring spring spring*
it's fine i'm fleeing to bk
rlly firm on my stance that david lynch and anthony bourdain r the same person
it's j bc i saw this rlly wonky drawing of david lynch once lookin straight up like tony bourdain
we're here to help. have you tried turning the option off and back on in settings &gt; general &gt; keyboard &gt; predictive.
took several times but it finally worked this afternoon - thanks for following up!
i see you doing your thing bro! let's work
not until obama pardons you for your blasphemous actions. respect mama badu!!! lol
...you're as transparent as glass and console warrior way too hard.
yep total fraud
save power. definitely. then you can tweet about what matters from the conference and share with the community :-)
i like the option 'ignore'
me either but if he doesn't heal 100% then there can be setbacks. hopefully there are none.
judge i was pretty disappointed in. way too many k's. you know who i like? mason williams.
how is that new sidewalk ordinance being implemented? asking for a pedestrian...
. we found out it will not be able to be enforced on any existing permits as they are "grandfathered" in. (1/?)
yep. that was a monday.
but a new supergirl trailer!
exactly what i'm saying
went and forgot all about us
colonial era, and now this. it's like we've come full circle- of hate, fear, ignorance
it would be deadlier than colonial times. everybody would be armed. it would be the end of us.
this matte black iphone 7 is the blackbook i always wanted but never had.
i like it way better than the jet black. like wayyyyy better.
were they looking at their phone?
yup rip that android
some of the best daytime television rap performances are happening on ellen degeneres' talk show.
love this pic! hahah
happy birthday bihh!! fuck shit upppp
thanks boo!!! and you know how i do eh heh
hi kat! great to meet you yesterday at the musedlab retreat!
great to meet you! let's make making and culturally responsive to all learners!
my little biscuits and brunch sweater. stomping the grounds of first friday art shows
im the one blowing kisses(on the left) to the unkwown moody judy in the city slicker attire, kp is crying idk why
got to find a job first. it will take time. first time i can have me time which i'm enjoying.
that's awesome. enjoy it while it lasts.
. seriously though... i'm on your online team shop and can't buy these yet. hurry up and take my money!!!!
my reaction to mets tebow gear.
it's a good question. for the sake of the chat: jr == i want to get in the industry, or i'm just in, sr == i've bee...
sr = "i asked for a raise and all i got was this new job title"
leonard fournette put him through the dirt!
this reminds me of u ... not bc of ur fball skills or brute strength idk y
and his sad, happy, angry face....
face it he looks the same in any scene! such acting range...not!
can't trust trump because he won't release his taxes. so much for transparency.
not the irs idiot! you must love the way our gov't spends our money?! i don't.
lift up your eyes and see, heaven is closer than you know.
heeey profile picture hayy
oh here are some pictures i know you are going to love! you love everything tho so...
sep19tp i love these little guys
congratulations
thanks babe!
her last week i'm sure she knows there all lol
i cant wait til nat and james gets away from all of them
when activating my wife's badge (that i bought, but linked to her fan ver.) do i fill out her or my info? thanks!
any clarification on this would be helpful. thanks.
agreed @ andrestclair - great read "stop killing us: black trans lives matter." you are worthy. my child is worthy.
thank you! we are all worthy! and you have amazing mother's love!
not just a top notch provider
thank you for your kind words!
how have we got to the stage where the left equates isis with the socialists and international brigades in the spanish civil war?
it's been a long road to that, hasn't it? it's hard to tell how but it's not surprising.
victoria secret = hoe central. god bless
i'm living life
lastly, go hang with pancakewolf &amp; never inc me in a msg again, thanks.
yep console warrior who is calling phil a liar, block
would you buy a movie ticket on snapchat ?
yeah but only for a vine movie!
i cant wait til nat and james gets away from all of them
they need time together alone
say yes to hillary...and commit to vote:
she is evil, she is a liar, she is resp. for 4 sons dead in benghazi, she lied and corruption with e mails...why would u vt
hey, writer friends: i'm writing an essay about the dread of having to answer "what do you do?" anyone want to contribute their thoughts?
please retweet. my contact info is in my bio. thank you.
now we must know what your favorite customer craft salad is so we can give it a whirl.
kale/arugula mix, grilled chicken, apples, beets, goat cheese, cucumbers, tomatoes &amp; tex-mex ranch. classic combo but dang, it works.
we will bring you some food! we partner with restaurants for amazing delivery: ^jh
y'all some bitches i thought y'all were serious
so hadiths both muslim and bukhari are not reliable??? hahahaha
the other day he said bukhari is a good source. he lies a lot.
i'm a 50 percent millennial whatever
i burned my pizza because i was busy taking that quiz ;[
dunc'd on season outlook pod: w/ , w/
who hopefully did not wake his wife with radio ethan
frank lampard out for 3-4 weeks. time for mix diskerud to step up to the mark? discuss...
that's a tough loss. lampard was key in getting them to where they are. hopefully he can help in the playoffs.
why this motherfucker look just like you
i scanned my face into 2k17 hahah
america is burning! not a word from no. i terrorist muslim obama!!!
yeah bill, criminalhill got thru somuch corruptions exhaustions!
i got asked out on a few dates already n niggas hitting my line this breakup was nothing im over it
yes bish you better get your groove back!
we've talked about the branding! :o)
back away from the top bun.
ready to turn out southern with the best team in the state.
i hope none of u have to go to war under her watch....4 men dead
and the .. this situations is so frustrating
and the un is afraid of the saudis bcz they contribute money and they don't want it to cut off
in georgia,1880, their jails had 1071 black prisoners and 115 white, in 2014 31% of their population was black but 58% of them were in jail
136 years later but the jails are the same
america has never made progress by thinking one person alone can fix our problems.
she hasnt done a thing. hillary is all talk and no action just like obama said. hillarys a corrupt...
i picked greasy strangler, but beyond boyka it doesn't matter.
i wrote in baskin for most of the slots.
sure okay i get that but damn ask for a corporate card
i have one and they still require it. it's a nightmare and honestly makes me fear getting coffee each morning but here i am
millennials just went like 80/20 for a socialist. how. are. you. so. bad. at. this.
they mostly just didn't vote actually
this is why i make knives.
guess he's getting ready to take on the fire lord.
steven spielberg was rejected from film school 3 times. oprah was told she wasn't fit for tv. beyonc was told she couldn't sing.
the point is struggles and criticism are prerequisites for greatness
man, how is that extension outranking us
haha. didn't realize the second entry. purr coincidence.
it's going up on a tuesday. (specifically, tuesday, november 8th.) register to vote today:
the devil walking on our earth....
this is why developers are sometimes referred to as ninjas... they're op so it's just assumed. but devs can be lanc...
dedicating ones life to math in the long burn to becoming a calculator is the ultimate pay off if you can find irl chameleon robes
i have a cosplay audition today wish me luck i'm heeded over in a few
nice shirt nice t-shirt
we in there period tell all my polys im coming lol
my cousin got u with the polys
ya heard it that's a given but not everyone think that way
i mean that's the only way of being real, keeping it 100 and holding it down so idk what other way there is
i just want it to get better for you all that's all
we good, thanks anyway
looks like bochy was listening this morning bud!
bochy's 1st priority is to win. he's a hof manager. he knows when it's the right time to mix it up a little.
jennifer epstein of bloomberg asked clinton if the ny bombing was a russian inside job to get trump elected
"well, jennifer, i don't want to speculate," clinton said. lol
will the push for integration lead to gentrification? reflections from philadelphia's :
good article.
so you and your 6 followers are voting for hillary?
thats gotta be a false-flag hillary account (ie actually a detractor)
yea, would be good to see last ~30yr only.
drying trend is ~15 years fwiw.
it seems kind of like a good idea when you have context for how it could help me at a job
basically they'll have no choice but to give you the job.
and i'll try to answer them all....aaaaand go!
today's my birthday
he's doing everything right
until she cheats on your ass.
first breakdown over applying to college !
you're doing great mama! keep going!
the exchange between and fox on trump's charitable giving is amazing.
i think at time even fox news smells bs
answer my question little man one of hundreds you could not answer ! are you saying those who pray on the ground wo...
hundreds? more bs. prove it. i am saying muslims are. nice try, you will never outsmart me.
heading to the city by the bay to visit &amp; to talk about from space!
i just love these pics!
don't miss seeing hillary the next time she's in town. sign up for updates!
something is really wrong if you could vote for this woman
it seems kind of like a good idea when you have context for how it could help me at a job
and a bottle of wine
dedicating ones life to math in the long burn to becoming a calculator is the ultimate pay off if you can find irl chameleon robes
smdh i can't believe i spent 6 years becoming a geomancer i need to grind so much jp now if i want to beat wiegraf
yay for days when i don't want to burn this manuscript!
i'm jealous that you had those days.
her: what's your favorite nicki songs? take me with you to her next concert. me:
i swear i was 2 fucking seconds from screaming.....
"thank god it's cooling off so i can keep candy in my car again" -
does she get the show?
if the solo at the end of this doesn't make you blub jimbo - nothing will x)
very emo indeed ... i like this a lot!
gotcha, i know them but keep forgetting their name.
yeah he did the french flip as well, just to make it doubly confusing hah
just ordered a book from because the best response to negativity is positivity
this is a great idea
rlee's answer is correct? omg
i think so. i will take his word for it, since i've never even there.
answer my question little man one of hundreds you could not answer ! are you saying those who pray on the ground wo...
when you coming loudmouth? mohammad was pure trash.
marykate monday never fails bc today are having a 50% off day on sims 4 and all their expansions packs! (theyredownloadabletoo) ;)
where when how
after a white cop listened to my report of the knife threat, a black sergeant came out and questioned me as if i was the criminal.
physically, i'm okay. i have bad memories. i have been traumatized by a knife threat, an assault, taunting, and cops .
nobody told me what i am in no way confident about this game that has 15 minutes left
run out the clock
also they kinda needed him alive for yenno just questioning and finding out who he works for
of course. but it can be done.
also they kinda needed him alive for yenno just questioning and finding out who he works for
of course. but it can be done.
here's a different way to look at past, present, and future cesm modeled california drought (cc )
this is from...? and how is cesm doing with that anomalous ridging?
hillary clinton accepts that millennial voters still have 'questions about me.'
at this point no thanks , she just can't tell the truth even if she wanted ..it's in her nature.greedy, power hungry , dishonest
the conservation lab asked: how do you preserve historical human specimens?
i am thanks they still have slices of einsteins brain there?
i went back and looked at every 0-2 start in history since joining the nfl. here's how each season turned out
flutie magic and stupid steelers.
excellent moderation by the talented
thanks! it was so much fun!
i never really call women this but fuck you bitch.
dang elmo. i hope you don't call any one that cause you just made yourself look like a total douche bag
lmao we were so fat! the stuff we did was just us being retards, being fat, running from cops, and etc lmao
dude how didn't we get caught and they say your kids end up worst oh no amira ain't going no were
attention we have got a medical emergency
steve's condition is critical and fading.
chinese food in ireland comes with french fries!
everything in ireland comes with chips. and england, curry and chips
is currently experiencing departure delays between 31 mins and 45 mins due to tm initiatives:mit:wx
is currently experiencing departure delays between 15 mins and 29 mins due to tm initiatives:mit:wx
i don't have a ps4 or xbone
i'm surprised
answer my question little man one of hundreds you could not answer ! are you saying those who pray on the ground wo...
prove i did not answer 100's of questions or be seen for the liar you are. face it, you got your ass kicked here.
one of these statements is hyperbolic. hypothesize amongst yourselves.
no, it's true. i'm about 14 in certain areas of maturity, but aren't most men? :)
that's life as art right there!
i'll open an etsy shop to sell my art prints asap
'five second rule' for food on floor is untrue, study finds
thanks for shattering my illusions! the five-second rule makes motherhood possible.
i feel like i've been released by my slave master every time my boss says "alright you can go home"
dobby is a free elf
to make sure i covered everything. guy needs help and guidance
well at least we know he loves her lol
the best part of this tweet is funniest but right now i think it's "hello, the cops?"
don't snitch
very depressing topic. i've said enough. don't go work for google. it's too risky that you'll be pigeonholed and made miserable there. sick.
working at google made me hate myself for having . they were completely unsupportive. i despise how they "handled" me when my dad died.
stop killing us!!!!
right!? i have no words
136 years later but the jails are the same
this is for schoolwork, i had to post something i learned, it's obvious that blacks are still criminalized more than anyone
i swear i was 2 fucking seconds from screaming.....
welp looks like i'll be taking ubers/lyft from work and back cuz child.... idhtt.
these guys are the cancer in gaming not us! hope more start to see this
that guy is just a lying sack of shit
this funniest video ever
hilarious! ps i love i hope sees this
local taxing and licensing authorities can hurt business and cost us jobs far more than federal taxation.
well said marco. mark cuban if someone performed as poorly as hillary working for you, they'd be fired,not...
i weep for our country
actually i don't, it might get me shot. i'll just keep my head down and quietly go about my business
can you send me a psd that exhibits the problem?
can you dm me an email that's good?
was going to watch this blu of slugs to follow up ' mosquito, but i forgot about the return of .
can't wait for that slugs bluray. because it's slugs and it's amazing
i like this lineup! lefty tonight? no duda...
duda really isn't ready to start.
so, the unexploded nj bomb was found by 2 homeless guys &amp; the nyc one by 2 petty thieves? anybody's policing plan include funding these men?
bam! bam yeah! here's gramercy park real time,so wtf? homeless be like "we food zombies"got tha...
check out this incredible batman exhibit in japan!
now that's a collection!!!
i like the three of them what do i do
don't worry! everything is set in stone now :~) love you
dear , i love you and i promise i won't leave, but we need to have a chat about performance using multiple artboards.
lol i just gave up on them altogether :(
lmao is over for all of us if that happens !
i mean he's dead not beefing with the people that are legit citizens lmao like foh i was def born here and got my documents.
mondays are kinda like my fridays because i have no class tuesday and wednesday
thanks for the update
every designer watching red carpet footage tonight is thinking, "please someone ask what she's wearing! please!"
love to see one of my favorite movie stars show up in a cute number off the rack at target...
wanted chizuru, drew a lenna instead. at this rate i might as well settle for a tank like leo/amarant instead.
shhhhh.... be thankful you have money for video games instead of being required to spend money on school books. *cries* *dies*
it's sidney but it's fine
def didn't mean that
all of them are cute as hell but i really love 1
!!! thank you! i used it
well yesterday was moving day for lang
where did you move?
what if you're outraged at both?
there's nothing wrong with that. you're still acknowledging what needs to be while expressing your disagreement
it's a rainy day in nyc? should we put on our galoshes and jump in puddles? or watch beaches instead?
let's mount how to marry a millionaire and order chipotle!
how's the job search going? hope it's getting better
i haven't really searched in-season. enjoying life as a fan for now.
lets see if they can get out of t16 for the first time!!! lets go gunmen
whats your problem?
i call {} curly braces am i the only one?
i call em curlees but a mentor of mine called them french braces (which i always felt was too fancy)
these guys are the cancer in gaming not us! hope more start to see this
blocked ages ago, lol he asks like he knows more about scorpio than phil?
why wouldn't he be down lol but either way no
oh aight i thought so
anyone have some cheerful news they'd like to share? cat videos? otters?
how about a nice sunflower?
dobby is a free elf
robby has no master
(this tweet presumes that us voting machines use a lever like a slot machine don't @ me)
if tv has taught me anything, it's that voting in the us is done on machines with comically large levers.
me: i promise i won't get all political me: *three drinks later*
every one of our family parties?
working at google made me hate myself for having . they were completely unsupportive. i despise how they "handled" me when my dad died.
like my performance should have been on an "upwards trajectory" or else i was at fault. oh well. where's that nexus 6 upgrade to nougat?
please tell me none of my followers/the people i follow actually bought a tebow jersey. please be better than that, people.
do shirseys count? because i got one of those...
sharing is caring!!! if you should find it again please share ;)
hehe what are you saying, you are a stud yourself!
yo i was waiting until ff15 or kh3 to get a console
understandable
i think it might be because i built a connection with them before they were big.
if you are firends then yes cuz me and my close friends work that way but i work with strangers and even if i kno u i need my $$
quick! everyone panic and start a large social media argument!
i shall yell and rant about this....verbally.... in my fursuit mask!
need to step my dress sock game up
check us out, kyle! happy monday :)
given his release schedule i don't know if he could keep the pace. maybe though?
just when i was thinking it wasn't wendig he goes and hearts these tweets. is a heart like a wink? the mystery deepens...
i took a look at what sort of stadium debt the rams left in st louis and of course it's stupid. 144 million to make up with no tenant.
the nfl is so popular right now they can safely add expansion franchises. but of course that fucks their ability to extort local government.
nice. i'll be there thursday too
then let us all drink enough that none shall wake in time for the xpac trailer!
the transfer on this blu ray is brilliant - its better than the film deserves ha ha enjoy!
haha... no kidding, it's crazy good! much better than the scratchy vhs copy i last saw 25 years ago.
we got on to talk non stop and interviewing before us!
hey and when all the people sing all the parts in the same time in a musical it's called a fugue! :)
in my best voice: "and...there it is."
beautiful city....still go dodgers tho lol
next month
please!! i would love that
i honestly did not think this was possible but omg
so exciting! awesome school--congrats dude
with all these nfl fan fight videos that go viral, has that ever happened at a game? can't say i've read/seen a report about one.
that is why i don't go to nfl games. that, and my big tv, and free parking and drinks at home
i have a *very special* meeting today with a *very special* person. stay tuned for the stream, y'all.
is it trump?
i can't even deal. please have a beer or 12 for us today to celebrate our new baby la vaga...
congrats you selling your other boat? how much?
skansa a 21 billion$ construction firm standardized on jde 9.2 &amp; did no customizations
skanska a 21 billion$ construction firm standardized on jde 9.2 &amp; did no customizations
sat here for 5 mins trying to figure out if this was britney or not
is it because i never came up with an answer last night ?
happy 60th anniversary signature travel network! awesome celebration!
- travelbound has joined twitter -
any amount 2v2 3v3 4v4 5v5 tho
let's me find a team with the wide selection we got. there's like 100+ kids the game is so alive
can one declare sock bankruptcy and start over? i think i'm gonna do that
that's the best line we read today :) we say why not!
is literally the worst ever.
so frustrating because i have sprint and we love it.
actually disgusted by these racist assholes
how about we kill them and see how they like it
like my performance should have been on an "upwards trajectory" or else i was at fault. oh well. where's that nexus 6 upgrade to nougat?
too much money and power can make people and companies sick. the loyalty is always to one's own career. others get thrown under the bus.
thank you florida. this is a movement! we will make america safe and great again!
yeah...a bowel movement. am i right?
i switched to from and because they didn't f with me at first. now they're just as bad with all the games and nonsense
try t-mobile maybe?
we've got a place of our own, you're still a wolf without a howl
no one knows my love for them but it's a lot
clinton may not stir the passions obama or her husband does. but she is working hard for your vote.
that she is but the way the media covers her makes it much harder to get her message across. we need more of you &amp; .
oh aight i thought so to all of that lol
yeah link variant singles
i can make new friends
even those new friends got full time jobs and shit lol ain't super easy.
these guys are the cancer in gaming not us! hope more start to see this
calls phil a liar, crys to phil in tweets lol shut up douchbag pussy 6
at the risk of arguing semantics, all teachers use standardized testing. every day.
or ongoing, informal, "standardized" formative assessment...absolutely!
you lied and youre not sorry by seclude - available now
i think you couldve done better on this, its not bad its just not as good as stuff i've seen from you
as long as i feel good about myself, do well in school &amp; have a great relationship, then as far as i'm concerned i'm winning in life
twinning!!
*trigger warning* a calm and reasoned debate about zionism and the state of israel will be released tomorrow. 3pm on .
so keen for this. a lot of double standards when it comes to israel.
i know bruh it was low-key embarrassing but oh well
lmao she shouldn't have been nosey
clinton's new ad will remind you how awful trump has been to veterans via
benghazi. thats all we have to say about how hillary treats our soldiers. and what dis she do for the va in 8yrs
so unreal it's out this week tweet me your guys' favorite songs so far
lights on for sure
oh aight i thought so to all of that lol
wym? i'm down link varient best of 3 for 50
too much money and power can make people and companies sick. the loyalty is always to one's own career. others get thrown under the bus.
end rant about . i doubt they have changed since i quit.
thank you florida. this is a movement! we will make america safe and great again!
..excellent speech as always..thank you for saving us your dad is gonna save
wait...really??
but... doesn't twitch own that graphic?
"banking on the blockchain" workshop fall 2016
blockchain is a lie
i think you couldve done better on this, its not bad its just not as good as stuff i've seen from you
not the pack, the cover image
hold up... so every scene of was cgi? all of them? ugh.
. somehow, scenes of a man wearing an all-black, panther-looking leotard dodging military bullets in cgi is bad?
i really don't see things getting better for me even if the things i want to happen do happen. i would rather not be living on earth
i love you. you helped me not commit suicide when nobody else would.
are these coupons online?! i'm heading there tonight actually
yes! go to the coupon section of the site and download the app. you can combine as many as you want.
there aren't many people that i'm more thankful for than the longspaugh's
jena you are a pleasure to hangout with
if ya go to your local deli for some turkey slices, get some jerk turkey.....i'm telling you, you won't regret it
mine doesn't have that
isn't the sole cause, it's more complex than that
they are referring to this borjas et al study which is weak
hey !!! what is the name of the this is what you came for remix that you guys always play?! i need it!
i believe this is might be what you're looking for?
we are repeating ourselves. i am moving on
move on is a favorite phrase of yours- you say it when you can't make a point. fact is, we never talked of hrc's accomplishments.
found this bottle of booze in the cellar, thinkin' about taking a swig...
only 30 proof? that stuff will kill ya
girl! i can only imagine how u feel about that. you have hella his shit lol.
smh, all he had to do was keep his mouth shut
psst. are you going to ?
i wish! haven't been yet and haven't planned it for this year maybe next
joined to discuss the terrorist bombing in chelsea on saturday and the tremendous work of law enforcement
nobody watches msnbc. did they ask you because they couldn't get anyone else?
an endangered mural inside a bldg on w.108th is closed to the public, but now you can take a video tour.
what can we do, to save this mural. it should not be destroyed. save this master piece.
bru and ffsc are extremely anti-car, they want cars banned
but worth noting that all the measures have dedicated bus ops money (but, other $ fungible)
thank you florida. this is a movement! we will make america safe and great again!
trump is controlling your minds. wake up
tst: wat's wrong, bday, 4 da squaw, tity &amp; a dolla, a lot malibu: heart don't stand a chance, room in here, come down
tst: titty n a dolla, rosegold, whats wrong, bday, stuck in the mud malibu: heart dont stand a chance, the waters, waterfall
hi. what dutch oven cookbook do you like? this is perhaps the most mundanely adult question i've ever asked the internet.
i used one when i was in the boy scouts... but have no idea what it's called. you're welcome.
well, actually birther issue started w/ sydney blumenthal. a good friend of the clintons. i'm not sure why liberals ignore it.
because that is *wrong*. also, nobody was talking about birtherism in '11 when trump revived:
i hate lining up at the dmv. especially on my day off.
can't do it by mail?! :(
send the link and when i get unbanned i'll send the chall
sent! how long?
i need two bands to play a show on long island november 20th. any suggestions?
hey draw the line can play that show
every day i tell myself "you can do better today" but i still end up drinking 100 gallons of coffee.
i have been trying to cut back but we ran out of coffee today at the office and i've been fiending so hard all afternoon
so unreal it's out this week tweet me your guys' favorite songs so far
my favorite song is treat u better it really changed my life!!! so inspirational
just tried ch4, not getting bcn_timeout with 2.0.0. which router model are you using?
think i solved my 1.3+ problem, but not exactly understanding updated post:
i hurt ur feelings &amp; 9 hours later someone help u to "try" to come at my neck bitch pls
she didnt try, she came for it. you got fucking dragged. swallow the dick and move on.
so unreal it's out this week tweet me your guys' favorite songs so far
lol all (in love with bad reputation though) can't wait drops it now
who has the upper hand on terrorism, clinton or trump? | illustration/getty
trump better stick to providing security for his vulnerable hotels.
if i'm wrong correct me
brb i need to get checkered vans.
this is for schoolwork, i had to post something i learned, it's obvious that blacks are still criminalized more than anyone
something else you should know in georgia 2,036 blacks get arrested per 100,000 and for latinos it's 1,099 per 100,000
clinton's new ad will remind you how awful trump has been to veterans via
then she told sean smiths mother that her son dies as a result of a tape. hillarys a di...
tst: titty n a dolla, rosegold, whats wrong, bday, stuck in the mud malibu: heart dont stand a chance, the waters, waterfall
oh an am i wrong
you writing your will
bury all my coheed things with me. *types all songs to be played at my funeral
hi i'd like to order one super-scrawny boyfriend please, make him look as much like rami malek as possible, thank you
maybe you can get one from hillary's box of millennials
something else you should know in georgia 2,036 blacks get arrested per 100,000 and for latinos it's 1,099 per 100,000
white in georgia 640/100,000
how was it???
unbelievable energy - amazing to hear these songs live. crowd loved it. pic attached :)
hillary can't seal the deal with ...well duh, no one under the age of 40 wants to get a campaign emai...
wow barbara looks like she was rode hard and put away wet.
if you simply must be friends with a boy, be sure to choose wisely. texts like this are an a++ sign.
i have soberly screamed born in the usa down central london within my first 8 hours there
scream factory recently released a deathstalker 1 and 2 blu ray - id recommend them - another surprisingly great transfer!
thanks! another couple of favorites from my chronic insomnia-riddled youth. some of these movies literally saved my life.
you can tell she's crazy and cries all the time. psycho bitch 101 take it.
of course you're a trump supporter. of course. i'm sorry women never treated you well but this ain't the outlet.
suspect in custody. you are welcome colin kaepernick.
apprehending a suspect alive! can this trick work for ?
lmfaoooo right like oh that sucks
women have better friendships
but you attack someone for their looks.
"attack" lol take a joke. you called what i tweeted nasty so i said a simple meaningless comeback. not worth arguing sorry.
when you have an article quota to fill.
i'm more offended that the image doesn't have any gloves in it
oh aight i thought so to all of that lol
i'll play you in that since you to pussy to play your favorite game type
yooo how do you like it!? can't wait to see your new posts with them
it's hands down the best camera they've made! voice control, whole body is waterproof and so much more goodies
caught myself checking out high school boys playing sports &amp; instantly felt empathy for the gross old dudes of the world.
one of us, one of us, oogle ogle, oogle ogle!
i'm missing something correct? i though ya'lls were using squirrelinatorfxsupreme under the hook for updates?
until recently the manual update check has been bugged, but the automatic background one is super solid
nyc needs this, let's start this
agreed. wonder if it's a stupid licensing / zoning issue. manhattan is prone to those types of issues.
please check out this new podcast for social studies ts called "talking social studies" for ideas &amp; resources...
this is awesome!
likewise just too bad williams doesn't have pop. he should work on it..
i think he has some pop. biggest issue is staying healthy. could see him as lf candidate if gardner is traded
looks like they r legal now coze the saudi-s who r using them with the support of and
that is why there will never be any solutions
arrived today yay! wonder what this friday's entertainment will hold...
yes me too jerry i got mine today too. came home at 11 o'clock this morning there was in the mailbox and bang, put it right on
nbc news analyst mark halperin, and not hillary clinton, mainstreamed the birther movement via
thing 1 and thing 2
i'm missing something correct? i though ya'lls were using squirrelinatorfxsupreme under the hook for updates?
so, it really only affected the impatient people, they'd always get the update eventually :) luckily it's fixed now!
definitely but not everyone thinks like that feel me?
na i know, but that has to do with a bunch of different traits a person holds there's different definitions to it
nigga be bout to nut , fuck you mean let us enjoy the pussy
nigga we be bout to nut! tf!
one espresso cafe macchiato, please
i would like one mochachino soy cappuccino double. pls
she has no chill
chile i ain't go no body, but i will layer the fuck out of some pieces okay?!
the media is fixated on two groups: millenials and white working class, non-college educated
oh so like every day that ends in y? let them while we gotv. they'll be surprised again
today was the first day ever that i didn't get dress coded ever since school started in august
haha how you literally wear the least offensive clothing ever
i think is pulling that in per quarter
oh jesus. here we go
currently looking for you, do you have time?
leaving parc 55 now toward hilton exhibition hall
he's totally looking at her like she's his sister. y'all annoying.
oh yeah, siblings! rotflmao.
they're all so cute!
i knowwww i miss them so much
also cannot believe i'm just learning this after many trips to hudson. next time...
any food recommendations? heading there for first-time.
dude i'm the same way, i just look at it as a chance to download playlists or get something to read before boarding
i made the rookie mistake of forgetting my book. never again.
they also said he didn't put his hands up.
and again, forget all that - do you think after he was tasered that he needed to be shot??
wish there was lyft in my city i honestly prefer it over uber
they used to have it but it didn't get enough recognition so they stopped it
doesn't it make twitter so much better
yes you think i wanna see that asshole tweet ?
omg it makes sense. dregden is a title. the darth of destiny. the rens of the dark age.
no wonder i am so attached to thorn. now if only grimoire reveals yor's original name to be sheev
i'm ready to learn
we got some good times coming ahead
im gonna get a really really nice webcam, so i can take pictures of me and my cat playing the binding of isaac together
and so u can kiss me thru the phone
lmao ain't no twerkulation happening over here bruh
the fuckin lies fam
1v1 snd is not my favorite gametype
snd is not your favorite game type?
hey chris! which iphone, ios, and spotify version are you using? we'll see what we can suggest /kt
iphone 6s, ios 10, spotify 5.7.0.1055
i hope they do. using human psychology to trick suspects during interrogations is a proven and legal technique.
good point, but they didn't need any info from roof and still treated him like a human. likely not true of rahami.
you're welcome - we all have our own 'evil dead 2' :)
yuuup! another big one of mine was children shouldn't play with dead things.
so far it's just conjecture!
conjecture but we keep hoping!
white in georgia 640/100,000
the saddest fact in the us though is that 1 in 3 black males, and 1 in 6 latino males will go to prison in their lifetime
extra base just not home run type.
i think he'd hit a few out. similiar to ellsbury/gardner.
i was joking!! please don't be upset blondie!
it takes more than popcorn to upset me give the girl a little credit!
not sure....maybe museum will respond....just thought about the body donation to science goal.
hope they have a big place to put it- i was thinking more of a cadaver to train surgeons, after they use whatever organs-donate!
why are you tweeting me jabroni?
in reply to your tweet
cool idea. thanks.
was at a lawyer's office with no screws small enough. saw a tray full of office supplies and a lightbulb appeared over my head.
how bad do you guys want to get your hands on my pantyhose?
my dick's getting hard just looking and staring. real badly baby
you know you love me... xoxo gossip girl
i've never loved you more
heading over to in nyc today...last time i was there, they had a silly hello kitty kit for me...hope they read my rider this time!
your "rider"? i hope this was a joke. where are the brown m&amp;m's?
honestly i didn't feel any different but i only stuck with it for 3 weeks so maybe it wasn't long enough.
i mean food wise haha but yeah it doesn't seem hard
turing test: play someone the 1st 5.29 of the river, then see if they get choked up when the harmonica starts @ 5.30
same, but with jean renoir's the river
is there room for two gronks? the patriots had fb glenn gronkowski in for a workout today.
why? i thought develin looked good.
why are millennials holding back support for hillary clinton? in a four-way race she gets just 31 percent of...
because people like you with big soapboxes spent months painting her as corrupt. don't act like you aren't complicit.
anything that's bound to bring the average londoner out in hives gets my seal of approval.
judging by the looks on some of their faces i wonder if they thought we were invading, honestly
there's a life-size sculpture of my avatar being more in madison square park right now
i meant to say "being born" but this is more poetic
why isn't that pos in jail now? remember this is trumps right-hand man-speaks volumes ab trumps judgement!
. let's not forget they are running on the law and order platform. hope he is disbarred.
hes had enough
tell him to come back
you can't even spell your self guess we came from the same boat
baby, don't argue with people who got $16 in they checking account and $50 rent.
making a q&amp;a ask some funny original question if you want to be in the video! use the hashtag
do you or would you ever wear crocs?
oh heck yeah it's so good keep watching !!!!
okay for sure!
word to and
the old white dude screaming for help lol
adv study harolds monday 7pm with nicole drespel starts oct 31 halloween now taking applications
ash or asp? or just a workshop?
i understand why some of you dislike the self rt. but i do not agree with you and want to kill you
this doesn't sound very canadian
so you're saying that it's now fixed in 2.2.1?
no, fixed in master, so next next release it'll work
how was it? i remember we talked about theory u a while back
i love the core idea. i hope to learn of more ways it's put into practice.
i think kerry washington's look was the best part of the emmys. i cannot stop thinking about how stunning she looked.
where were you? have a baby soon!
okay who wants to hit up food &amp; wine for oktoberfest with these, these, these, &amp; these? cc:
i'm down. although i won't be there until november 1st. i'll make you proud.
i am a woman. pretty sexist of you to think i am a man. do you think only men can say bad things about women? smh
sorry, this is not sexism. sexism is what your candidate espouses. get a grip.
when you cut the shipping out
when you sign up for a gold card, they send you a $20 off 80 coupon every month
a question, when was the last time wayne rooney had a 9 or 10/10 match winning performance??
not seen him live for a while, but on tv not even seen a 6/10...
why police protesting the national anthem protest is hideously ironic: by
haven't seen easquire cover the bombs in jersey and new york and the bastatd that committed these atrocities
sara fight the system help us all
i would like to point out that crocs are not and will never be cool. this article is full of lies
not that those lifestyle choices are a good model. i think he just won the genetic lottery.
my old horse trainer live near 80 and he at least drank a 5th of early times a days &amp; 2 packs of salems a day.
won my first case. sort of...
good work my brother.
note the price point on the pbr. that's in pounds sterling. @ reds true barbecue manchester
i'm sure and are happy about that. sort of.
a pregnant chicago woman was killed in a drive-by shooting, but somehow her baby survived
consequences for having this many guns available
he's totally looking at her like she's his sister. y'all annoying.
he's straight up eye fucking.
happy birthday to one of the sixties more influential spirits, the late mama !
happy birthday to you mama cass elliot you were and you still are one of my favorite from the 60s always
this wobbly elevation map is crazy: ht (broader article:
always love these. it'd be great to see more old elevation maps translated to 3d models without losing the aesthetic.
so you're saying that it's now fixed in 2.2.1?
(i.e it'll work in the next release, but you'll have the latest version already!)
**** says goodbye to social life to be a teacher
facts! my gf is a 2nd grade teacher nd friday night nd saturday are the only days she has... mon-friday is non stop work
blocked that ignorant person
i muted her dumbass
more incoherence in recent campus activism trends
anecdote-heavy article. fwiw, one person's jewish homeland is another person's last european colony. it's not going to end well.
jess should feel lucky that she's privy to my best jokes
i already forgot which this is referring to
don't just feel the differebce. really feel the differebce
i feeel iit *lies on the ground* i can't walk. and i miss sugar.
hillary told fbi she didn't understand classified markings on documents. but, claims trump doesn't know enough to be pres.
she said "i cant recall" 145 times during investigation, which causes questions about senility to be raised.
there's been an update to the us book tour. three signings have been added: in orange, ca; in nyc; and in tampa.
when &amp; where in nyc
what do you do when you know and feel someone is lying to you?
communicate how i'm feeling and remind myself to not take it personal also think deeply about that persons place in my life.
it's a sekrit conspiracy to get you to update your instagram app, apparently.
lol i just don't get it - it's the same as snapchat so i never use it
making a q&amp;a ask some funny original question if you want to be in the video! use the hashtag
do you or would you wear crocs
well i do have more variant golds then you have snd so i'm not sure
all i know is that i've never creddied another xbox kid is my life. for all i know some1 recovered for you
i remembered that you liked them
thank you! i'm adding this to my christmas list
oh! no beer, no cereal, no bread obviously. i think i ate "healthier" but like eh i love carbs
yeah then that's what i figured haha perfect ty
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
same way alexander hamilton snaked his way into our homeland?
i've been back in nyc for less than an hour and i'm already mad, why do i live here.
really it's just one big, extended lesson on self-reliance in the midst of situations where time is working against you, here
can you believe that i never knew a fuckn left handed desk existed on campus until found me one last week
you're left handed?!
detroit free press editorial board calls gov. blocking flint right to sue "a stunning abuse of power."
is this the same editorial board that endorsed twice?
sample clearance issues. they arent on any of the big companies.
i know but it still pisses me off
there is room for all of us in this industry, but please don't blatantly copy my style. if the shoe fits, tie that bitch up.
i wonder who could it be, not august as she is beautiful in her right
jamie: mum! chloe said i drink like a girl me: just ignore her j: not like she's knows what a lady is, she's not one
i really would love to live in your house for a week.
i don't think justin trudeau is especially good looking. sue me.
he's the best looking pm of a country...
turns out my neighbor plays the tuba right now.
apartment/trailer dwellers=getting to know your neighbors really, really well.
too small :/
fits like a l im a large
"british life goal"
yep separate from my american life goal list
check the new intro/ anthem for my new podcast premiering september 27th
do i get to the link?
and i took some quality commuting naps this morning
quality is the keyword
lets eat this season bro
my 2 guys rite here...
in florida, trump blasts clinton's interventions in three places that he also supported intervention in:
he is just a dumb fk azz pr..k
"you knew damn well i was a snake before you took me in" could also be an allegory for trump and the republican party.
always felt he was speaking about himself whenever he mentioned that poem.
mom told me that rami malek thanked bonnie hammer in his acceptance speech last night. let me tell you: bonnie throws a sick ass party.
"is irobot on one of your channels?" "....you mean mr. robot?"
the light between oceans: trades most of its potential for emotional complexity in favor of very pretty pictures. weisz is good though. c-
i keep reading this and am convinced it doesn't parse grammatically.
i would get incredibly drunk with doug pederson
i am incredibly surprised that doug pederson and joe biden hugging didn't form some kind of mega-dad
hey upper east siders, gossip girl here. in honor of the show's 9th anniversary...
spotted on my way to dinner: the empire hotel, minus a bass.
end rant about . i doubt they have changed since i quit.
i wish i could spend less time thinking about failure and what a loser i am. because of being cursed with , the controversial disorder.
"everyone who wants to go to college should be able to without drowning in debt." -hillary
instead the american people will be drowning in the taxes that you will impose on us, u pos hrc!
it is dead. they are fondling themselves with dreams of openstack.
the news about death of it are greatly exaggerated!
lions in the serengeti highlands often have very big manes
beautiful giant cats !!
got all my new appliances....ordered all the wrong ones. fml
does this make you ?
mos defffffff
frfr though, me you bee ray summir and maris
not that those lifestyle choices are a good model. i think he just won the genetic lottery.
1 of the jumpers a small appaloosa who soared over a few 7ft fences would take a shot now &amp; again. stable was aptly named e.t.
chicago hot dog czar hopes gold tooth he found, paid $14,000 for, is adm. yamamoto's
the golden japanese tooth collides w/ the white us teeth?!_ they bite the tongue!tongue in cheek? /;o) like indo-american humor?
and i see the sister of our ny bomber is on a progressive committee to promote "diversity" at rutgers university
has been reported that mr. rhamai &amp; his sister do not get along, that he was arrested for assaulting her.
let's make this happen imo
you me, doug and some makers imo
. ranks kenny atkinson as the 27th best head coach in the nba:
pretty ridiculous to even rank kenny until he has year as hc under his belt.
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
"i will have so many imprisoned naked precogs floating. we gotta be tough. thousands of precogs."
so wait, did gossip girl's dispatches always rhyme, or is that a later-seasons thing? i feel like might know.
they didn't always rhyme! which made some dispatches sound kind of deranged. xoxo...
i've never met a fan like and the rf bleachers wouldn't be the same whatsoever if he wasn't there to be...
way to kind sir! truthfully it's everyone out there that makes rf great! we all play a major part i'm just happy being there
when it's 6:32 pm et on monday but furniture team is closed . will try again tomorrow for def...
btw, call the web dept. so y'all can update your page accordingly. providing false info to customers isn't a great idea
i haven't watched the simpsons in well over a decade. i still like south park, but i do prefer the older episodes.
likewise. the older episodes were way more funnier.
doonesbury 1999 on trump. and the media has learned nothing.
this is exactly what you were talking about today randi
chill, you can't group me with the rest of the '97 niggas
yea you get a pass
what looks better?
s13 is killin it
my ass is ready..............
i hope you brought lube
with all slip shot shit has pulled for 8 years, he's got some testes demanding voters support to complete, his legacy
who, the fffff did , () scalp, (plagiarize) that comment from.........
::grabby hands::
you know you're included in the drinky times! you all have any bar plans i need to crash?
ay fasho is this a one day thing cause i gotta get my pay chwck
its gon b gone
police at merrick parking lot, looking at a car or something with the bomb sniffing dogs.
there's no towel heads in merrick rt
i told myself i would never be one of those people to make a flipagram but this was too cute.. i love you baby
happy for you sarah great song choice too
though, of course, it's not just him - russia, iran, turkey, saudi arabia, israel, isis, all seem bent on going to hell via syria.
i honestly have a hard time hearing *any* proposal for syria and saying "yes, yes, that will solve it."
mn gov dayton to his citizens: don't like immigrants, get out of minnesota! ...
like his guts!
.'s on one-third of compatible devices after 6 days, report says
ios10 sucks..draining battery on iphone 6 bring back
state of obama coalition: millennial voters unenthused. hispanic voters unenthused. african-american voters unenthused. and 7 weeks left.
they all will become enthused since neither want a trump presidency!
aren't enough of them. not if we all come out. and we will. the msm still thinks we won't.
i pray texas turns blue. ohio too. we need to get her in and down ticket too.
lmao you ever tasted that garbage i'll take my chances with a mango-rita
grape, after that i'll never touch anything grape. henny was my next choice
really it's just one big, extended lesson on self-reliance in the midst of situations where time is working against you, here
so like ok fine i'll become my most self-reliant me but in this moment can someone please pick my dog up i'm stuck at airport
we out here in the chat: hi hushmatee is here ocean is a queer gomrr needs a beer snoig has little hears..
wat aboot costlz
trump has contempt for the press. i showed 5 examples on sunday's ...
trump shows contempt for the press. press/media shows contempt for clinton. i hope this changes.
suburban residents worry about security after seaside park, chelsea bombings
why? you're more likely to get struck by lightning than have one of these losers kill you. especially in suburbia
it was a group effort.
agreed. predecessors of like cochran pressured jury=no reform=causes of
i think that's either a candid camera type prank, or some spy mistook you for their contact.
def not a prank, though spy contact might have been cool
saudi arabia wants elections and women's participation???
says it's integral to syria's future. i nearly choked. no one pushed it more. typical un stuff.
all i have to say about this todd bowles quote is ..... yum!
if the jets win the super bowl i wonder if he'd let the players eat mcdonalds for at least one day
i'd be super interested to talk dark knight returns: the last crusade with y'all.
and if one more person talks about batman around me, i'm going to start punching throats.
migrants flee burning greek camp of moria on lesbos
who'd flee an island full of ? a man
i'm pretty sure that when you move to london, the mayor sends you a brochure that just reads "fear the worst" on every page.
pfft, come to new york. we had the real thing!
really three
we are all jobbers
unbelievable!!! clueless calls for americans to respect and empathize with isis!!! what side is thi...
one sick puppy
i got blocked out of tinder so i changed my phone number and made a new profile
you should work for the cia, girl ';),
hot take of the day: 30 rock (the tv show) was/is severely overrated
dude for real
tweet dedication to my one and only . thanks for being my no. 1 fan &amp; thanks for being so great to me
awh how cute
it is dead. they are fondling themselves with dreams of openstack.
can you please explain, who sets up data &amp; applications security policies?
clinton intro music was "i feel good" by james brown. james brown died of pneumonia...
another momen. not seen on one of those phones
favorite overlooked mid-90s tv show? "coach" is mine...what is yours??
started in 1998 ... too late ?
i only speak mongo
you use finagle/finch, which supports uuids:
the diff btwn gh &amp; days is gh doesn't bail on actors or chars. eyes on the prize. julexis will return eventually. d...
i ship julexis &amp; haiden. julian tried to kill alexis. aiden lied. i don't get it?! both couples have chemistry.
:"i'm weak, helpless, vulnerable. hillary is a grown-up. i'm afraid of everything everywhere. let...
the terrorist events from 911 on word can be laid squarely at the feet of the bushes. .andii.
yeah those were great.
they still make me wet my pants with laughter sis l. lol!!!
mark cuban did his homework and found so many of the allegations against hillary lack evidence. well done .
supposing the other members of nato decide a nation which allows a trump to rise so high is not a worthy partner,
if the dodgers actually come out on top through the nlcs this year i'll dye my hair blue or some shit lol
honestly might just do it regardless haha
acoustic e.p - oct 21st followed by full production lp. listen to 'like jesus' premiere over at x
link is still down in the united states. any update?
yes he is. and this is a perfect opportunity for mr trump &amp; co. to berate immigrants.
and to promote building the wall and deporting/ closing the door to immigration fmthose places.will heever go away
who wouldn't want to see a living legend smh
you, on video boards
where you going?
picking someone up.
there's no actual connection between birtherism and racism, unless you want there to be one
what do you mean "actual?" you are in denial, my sister, or worse.
having short hair is super convenient until you have to use two hair ties three clips a headband and your mother's soul to go to the gym
how do you keep your hair up to go to the gym? please advise.
get it how you live
them niggas was wilding like chill bro
having short hair is super convenient until you have to use two hair ties three clips a headband and your mother's soul to go to the gym
i wish i could heart this a billion times.
no worries! loving the interview, wanted to get right down to the "homework." thanks for sharing your insights!
soon! soon!
actually killing people is not canadian. wanting to kill people is canadian af
tell that to the vampire rapist
you know you love me... xoxo gossip girl
what are you up to
mmm, yes please! did you make the peanut sauce yourself?
yes, i did! super easy... here' the recipe --
be a voter. check your registration and help your friends do the same
look at the voters that put in the traitor terrorist enemy obama! we need 2 put obama &amp; his voters in jail!
thanks for following! quick question: what's been the best part of your day so far?
hearing that the bomber has been caught.
i needa move back out north, i need my lingo back
ctfup fasure bro
i want to be fucked so hard that i get dropped by my health insurance company.
get that'll fuck u &amp; get u dropped
i talk on the see more at
when are you going to win that ???
lexy.... w t f is this. i can never unsee these things now.
i really mean it when i say i am eternally violated
first rpi of 2016: 1. stanford 2. byu 3. georgetown 4. west virginia 5. south carolina
ok ! no. 5 wow!
tough bein a freshman
your affectionate uncle is teaching a class!
all i know you couldn't win a bo1 am in 2016 without kids who have 120 golds on the game
all i know you couldn't win a relevant one in 2011 when it mattered with out being a creddy
*waits for some jackass wise guy to point out that rocket raccoon was created well before 2014*
i sadly see atleast 2 raccoons a day on the side of the road. they're so cute
yeah bill, criminalhill got thru somuch corruptions exhaustions!
these are all rinos jealous baboonsw/ smelly vaginasusan
nooooo!! it looks so good!! but ohh noooo!!
thanks i think
if wentz doesn't record 2tds (pass or rush) i'll deactivate
you look good in your avi
so thursday after badge pickup seems to be like as good a time as any then
i'm easy to find! also, we have twitter to communicate or any other medium you all prefer
appears so, this one has rollercoaster technology built into it
and funnel cake?
never thought i'd see this headline in my lifetime: --&gt; "americans rally for mugabe"
what we must learn from this is that multiple opinions and views can co-exist. we aspire to this in our zimbabwe.
been stuck on 34th street for 30 minutes because the president \_()_/ needed to drive thru. thanks, obama!
if the city wasn't still"smarting"from bberg oppressive wall st"fiefdom"people would be out2 turn that limo over.
after the bunch of weird paperclip style sim removal tools, i'm glad they're back to the flatter ones.
looks like the "liquid metal" one on the far right is holding up best
these are my calculations from a 4 member cesm past1000+hist+rcp85 simulation. would have to look at ridging
it's not winter yet so take w/ grain of salt, but already gestational ridging/blob. since last winter looked (to 1/n
wow oh wow -- that looks good! did you cook this up?
yes i did and it was super easy! here's the recipe --
thank you. good updates.
not very bullish short term, we are stuck until december run up before data
*hypocrites xd
damn right and they are frauds, won't admit shit, bye bye frauds
so apparently the earliest option for a specialist is november 1st bro. i can't wait that long.
update: its the 11th of october!!!
"fake sure" heh
no one takes my tux
it's entirely too bright in here. i think light should be low in the cubicles. bright light is so agitating.
why do they make it so miserable for suffering people? i remember hating the temperature, too. i hope that is not uncomfortable. :(
so like ok fine i'll become my most self-reliant me but in this moment can someone please pick my dog up i'm stuck at airport
this is not helpful, twitter
haha! i usually end up laughing until my stomach hurts and it's hard to breathe, lol.
''whoa''!!!
yep, but i can't wait to graduate and actually work, but it's so demanding, for such little money
i swear teachers get the shit end of the stick nd its really sad... you guys deserve the best pay for all u go through
it's not winter yet so take w/ grain of salt, but already gestational ridging/blob. since last winter looked (to 1/n
my non-expert eyes) like the ridge trying to re-set in the face of big el nino, it seems like cause for concern. 2/2
please rt for my grandson !! ty ! have you heard 'spirits' by sphinx on ? ...
thank you traci :)
i swear to god if you come up outta that grave, steve
me: don't close the coffin yet i'm aliv.....ahhhh wtf cyndi
well off remote wa coast, mind boggling that one of my ancestors worked here. full yarn tonight sbs 7.30 pm
whenever i go jogging in central park, beds are burning is always on my ipod
your affectionate uncle is teaching a class!
do upperclassmen wear "mortal" shirts? (it's so seldom i can geek out on religious stuff)
our facebook live w/ at on grand island starts soon! ask q's on the bills fb page. he's signin...
i wish i could be there to get an autograph to give away this sunday.
retro, that joke has me...triggered
i'm not gurren lettin' that one slide.
nope, we're definitely not the road warrior, no-sirree
are you familiar with this thread?
the more the merrier!!
nah stop she too old for that
so... who you got?
great use of "da bears"
wow oh wow -- that looks good! did you cook this up?
btw, your restaurant looks amazing! i'll have to bring my family (we are in campbell).
flat out wrong. has done more 2 bring together than any prez since reagan. it's gonna b...
you can always tell a brainwashed msm watcher.
i swear teachers get the shit end of the stick nd its really sad... you guys deserve the best pay for all u go through
the richest people in the world wouldnt be who they are without teachers... that has to say something! not cool
it's hot again
on the bright side wednesday suppose to be 75:)
why can't and the have a show in portland or. i really want to see them and the only way is if they come to or,
ugh! i know and i feel bad because you're being so patient! we will try to make it happen eventually! =) -matt
i've been back in nyc for less than an hour and i'm already mad, why do i live here.
i wish i could help :c sorry it's been such a day
that looks like a heavily filtered photo
mind your own business
relationship status: mattely in love with katy kat matte lipstick.
is tame tiger a metallic?
christ. i can't believe this was the old site!
and still haven't been to nandos
give a listen listen to bounce ft. cino davine by jay sheare on
yup i got you
it's always someone else's fault, right? couldn't be her failed neoliberal worldview and warmongering?
except that even after all of her emails have been exposed, turns out she isn't corrupt. weird.
just me and my morning coffee...
this is the best thing on my (cof)feed
thank you, ! i knew you'd appreciate the details ;) here's what i have of me so far. it really is all a...
congratulations joe!!! you both look amazing!!!
please spare me the "flattery". get off my dick. thank you
i don't think any of them is as pretty as you nikki
will you do anything for money? nine inch nails - head like a hole
i always thought it was "got money"!
i want to appreciate and its masterpiece the last of us. there is no other game that can have you attached to good characters.
it was so good
i wish i could help :c sorry it's been such a day
it's ok! today is a day for all.
micu flower blossomed! their garden of accomplishments
so many flowers! beautiful!
they don't know the truth
send me some complimentary dr.pepper cans with pictures of pitbull pleaseeeee
police picking and choosing who they want to protect is another reason to keep kneeling
wait a minute, in the secessionist south city public servants are demanding federal homage, ? wept.
tits out for harambe
sry that instagram hates nipples
i'll record the act because that shit would be so funny.
i just need someone to drive the pick up truck i'll have to jump into it
very seriously considering this.
been using one for about four months now and it's great!
"he" is actually around 15-to-20 freelance writers from around the world. english is typically their second language.
do you have that on authority? i've read the samples. it's not bad or sloppy writing.
have i been absent for our monday meetings i have not seen the hashtag or etc forgive me if so
happening now with from for
editor says avoid at all costs. full review soon to follow.
really? i'm shocked... actually, no, wait, i'm not shocked at all.
you are beautiful alisha with it without makeup all these people are just jealous of ur natural beauty
awe thank u love
is a racist, an anti-semite, a nativist, a sexist, anti-muslim, anti-immigrant dange...
whole country voting stein msm just refuse to let go of chpt11 bis. the banksters are smart enough to know this
hi love of my fucking love whens the marriage ceremony
whenever you come back here
i can just see you running with it under your arm through the whole damn farm...
hey, i can run pretty damn fast.
omg followed me?!?!?!?! hello i love you. please hire me.
omg me too whats going on!!!
... but smells a lot like backbone-style state management and that's the whole reason we need a refactor.
good results with mobx here at coinbase
it's always someone else's fault, right? couldn't be her failed neoliberal worldview and warmongering?
weird you'er so concerned about her warmongering but then jill stein cozies up with putin and gen. flynn and it's nothing
gawd he really is a waste.
i saw him at the "iowa jam" at around 12-13. uuughhhhh.
just another casualty in the war on blue. this shit got to stop you think we are gonna lay down and let you kill us
we love you sister please rest well. your brothers and sisters won't let this bullshit go unpunished
i was on boat in uk when i found out was happening. now i'm 10k ft above ks. life happens in transit.
...and i was passing you in another plane - the gawky guy waving at you from 30k ft
how to college
yo what is my picture for my contact tho?!!
you never know how you might feel. you could be surprised.
thank u so much omg this helped a lot actually
good results with mobx here at coinbase
redux requires way too much boilerplate
blair witch opened to only $10 million, which is $10 million more than i made last weekend.
same. but i found 11 cents yesterday.
sorry, folks. will not continue.
no way!!!!!!
. on : smoking gun! sick hillary's it guy busted deleting emails? part 2
love it! busted. hope he breaks and comes clean.
.'s growing empire is making :
thanks for sharing this, lauren!! rooting for you!!
they haven't? i'm behind. i need to watch ep 10 soon.
i've been a monster if i have spoiled anything.
let's make clear that love trumps hate-not just this november, but always.
this pos &amp; obama gave birth 2 isis! they let terrorists in our country 2 kill americans. she will kill us all!
when you sign up for the barstool newsletter last week and get a confirm but still haven't gotten a newsletter...
when you get the promo for the new app but still don't get a newsletter
only thing there for a lot of people.
i have a client with an aol address and outlook sends it to junk. not ideal.
everyone is on edge in the city. high police presence everywhere. bit nervy.
we also had four slices of the largest pizza known to man at lunch so there's that
ready to be destroyed
my dick is out for you and harambe
fly out thursday not much time.if he finishes 3rd what a waste of time
wheres the optimism lol dont think she just gonna say nevermind lol
parenthood, especially for new mothers, can be so isolating. posting pics of your kids is a good way to connect to other humans
she even says she has no problem with people posting to whatsapp, so it's a complete asinine take.
i like the pick but i liked tlc and total
yea they were great too but envogue had hits all throughout that decade and all had great voices.
this is so great! makes me wish i was a little girl so i can go through this. lol xd good luck!!
aw you can come hang out at our workshops! :)
just drank 2 cups of green tea and i'm singing so loud in my room and my screams what the fuck from downstairs
your missing a noun here you hyper bitch
it's my pleasure to be a member of i love ur new update! thank you!
i still can't get enough of preeti
did someone say... peanut butter? (i cut the sugar in half and used regular sugar though)
is this what you made last night?
timdog got rested up , back to prime form
sick of all these frauds today.
this is the most consequential election of our lifetime. there's too much at stake to elect donald trump.
- this election is all about saving our nation from hillary clinton and islam - she is bought by muslims.. fuck muslims.
i wish i had a dollar for every episode someone covered themselves in blood.
true story!
george major diff... japanese were not committing terror acts in their "new country"...
we don't want to the get into a religious war where a billion people'll die for a better life in the afterlife!
according to fb data, they comply with almost 60% of israeli requests for user data. plus 95% of takedown requests:
this is very scary that facebook will comply with israeli demands. boycott facebook!!
lol i just gave up on them altogether :(
i only use it for the rare raster moments these days
cool! anything similar in ? online forum?
we will bringing to this spring
ok that's your mulligan. enjoy a day off tomorrow, then refocus on baltimore.
wishful thinking big guy!! go blue
dang it, could've done thisast weekend... ...but i do have video of me calling him sexy...does that count?
it's worth at least 10x exp
upstate ny fears ranked 1. wegmans closes 2. snow storm 3. snow storm is not big enough to get day off work 4. wing...
what is wegmans. grandfather lives in hudson, i know what stewart's is, but not wegmans
i am feeling v guilty, because person a actually *is* a person i've purloined for an afternoon play. i'm keeping it quiet tho
it's okay, it's only you and me ;-)
blair witch opened to only $10 million, which is $10 million more than i made last weekend.
we'll just flim you and your friends fucking around getting stoned for two hours then mass release it! see if u make more $
boutta hit the mall nice and early
my face scan came out cash!!! i'm not hyped to be a pelican though
harry reid claims a dem gun control measure would prevent ny style terrorist attacks
is a crooked hag who still thinks he is relevant to the people lmao
" it was a mistake "
" this is your fault "
i refuse to use snapchat so this works for me.
yea i'm just used to it and all my friends use it so when ig added the option we rarely use it
half-life remains to this day one of the most atmospheric and finely-crafted fps franchises i ever had the chance to experience.
absolutely agree. this moment is one of those moments that just sticks.
facebook complying with 95% of israel's requests to remove exposure of occupations crimes. youtube, removing 80%
boycott facebook!!
can we get a moment of silence for larry's twitter? rip
oh helllll no, i am not on board with this!
still don't know why authority source made quote that counters driver statement! is this happening often?
have decided to not reply to my questions. why not have the reporter print the statement of driver?
secret service? someone doing a campaign opp?
or un-related
like racism can not practiced by bme people, sexism can't be female -&gt; male. oppression see.
violence is used as a tool as part of institutional sexism.
damnnn i'm still trying to catch up on ray donovan n you drop this on me
i started watching ray donovan with liz and lumpy when it first came out and then i fell off hardddd so i feel ju
so i think for the first debate they should hand each candidate a blank map of middle east &amp; candidates fill in the country &amp; leader.
lol they really should or maybe the united states
these are all rinos jealous baboonsw/ smelly vaginasusan
smelly vagina collins a strong ally of big balls obama!
bi folks, like inter folks, r stigmatized b/c they brk binary heteronormative expectations- happy awarene...
did you see our lgbti rainbow crosswalk here at un? see hashtag
good morning everyone. it's going to be a great tuesday.
it's still daylight on a monday afternoon here in new york city
the left reviles conservatives, christians, pro-lifers and gun owners but demands tolerance for islam. .
just a bunch of hypocrites!
guy is pathetic. never heard of him, never will again. using racism to console...
exactly , cries to phil , calls phil a liar previous tweet. pathetic and glad u called it
i'm so excited for christmas rn. wish it snowed here.
jealous much? bich
yea this nigga bugged out lmaooo
im speechless. what happened to your homie
when i was young i'm not a kid anymore but some days i sit &amp; wish i was a kid again......
"if it broke they made earrings to it, like they meant to do it..."
i really hope our sponsors like this week's roderick on the line reads. i definitely need to lay down.
i actually was just thinking how great the squarespace read was. well done!
you should try hitchhiking with it! and pretend it's your baby or something. really go all out.
only a sick person wouldn't pick up a father and their poor child. i got strange looks buying a full skeleton at the mall
i was so happy i need to return to africa, ghana was so great. this is deff one of my fave pics.
but my curves thoughhhhh
today, we celebrate the lexington club, its legacy, and its incredible contribution to the san francisco lgbt...
as usual you do a poll to see which way the wind is blowing before you jump in-no core values=loser
i've felt so torn for like 2 weeks and idk what to do it's the worst feeling
bb girl what's wrong
man that was when they cared about rad box art. now we just get generic dude looking angry with gun.
pray for a revival...
3 years ago today our son paul went in for his 3rd open heart surgery (seen here at 6). today -at 9-he's...
praise god!
joc isn't in the line up i'm going to cry
madbum is a lefty lol
and clark kent was with buffalo bills same time as
she'll always be sydra to me ("they're real, and they're sensational")
dang. i hate reading tho
there's a video course
this is the most consequential election of our lifetime. there's too much at stake to elect donald trump.
- this is all about keeping god in our country.. hrc is a slimey ass muslim.. fuck muslims.
$1 what y'all got??
$6 but only because i'm shy
love when customers insult my looks to my face and almost make me cry while im ringing them up!!
this made me upset!!! you are so cute!!! i don't know why people are so nasty
how long has this been taking place? is this happening in multiply locations? we are here to assist. kc
lte has been horrible for like 3 years now, i'm always on wifi and if i can't connect i don't even bother trying.
do you truly believe kap would give even a remotely better chance? it seems everyone has a short memeory...
short as in kap has playoff wins under his belt and after one losing season under tomsula he's trash now?
"republican nominee repudiates sixth and eighth amendments to the constitution of the united states of america"
well, he already hates the first amendment.
what is a vampires favorite ice cream flavor? vein-nilla!
bud dum tsss
going to go play mcsg with tiffanys main account idk im bored and havent played mc yet
never mind mcsg is down fuck
because a pink derby car would be awesome
no its a horrible idea haha
and then i got stuck in a stephanie j. block youtube loop for an hour and a half...
it took a long time to pick one.
this video is so hard
bruh hell yeah, one of my favorite tracks too
guys in 70s/80s more prone to do something off-the-reservation violent in a game.
yup i mean acting like game isn't more physical is like denying science. training regimens guys have now v. 70s...
want to ' and claims
we need a new asap.. ipope but he has lost his mind&amp;a he lets in100sof1000sof &amp;is4
agreed. grey's anatomy is fucking trash. use that time slot for something that's actually worth watching.
it was a good show but they killed basically the whole cast.
thanks for the retweets this week much appreciated! (want this ? &gt;&gt;
your very welcome
i have a thumb drive with your name on it.
cool, is it autographed?
ew shut up you nasty human
bitch next time i'm leaving ur ass instead of waiting 3 hours on campus for you
oh really? :d i was there last christmas for like 3 weeks ^^ usually go there every christmas/new year :)
ahh nice! i'll be there for christmas this year, haven't visited in the winter in a few years
wanted to add stuck in the mud &amp; waterfall but, characters &amp; lazy lol
facts i couldn't add everything either wat about franks album?
per : frank lampard is expected to miss 3-4 weeks with a left calf strain. it's the soleus muscle, not the gastrocnemius like before
with khiry shelton coming on strong, won't be lacking for attacking choices. perhaps an opportunity for t-mac to play up the middle
you wanna know who pisses me off..!
i wanna know
im there where can i get tix?
u need to go to this for me... ill go to trampa for you nd we can headbang together in spirit
it would be nice to have someone competent in government for a change! wouldn't it???
i am shocked you reported on this. shouldn't you be editing the tape to make it appear untrue?
this moment is also exactly why john carlos bristles at his protest being called a "black power protest". read why.
another thoughtful piece, dave. let us hope integrity and empathy win the day. that would be a real win that matters.
our latest article: can an app help us find mindfulness in today's busy high-tech world? via
we've been offering this mindful breathing reminder experience since april 2015
marine shot in l.a. over the weekend unlikely to survive, police say
why did the police shoot him ?
rt &amp; guess the top athlete in tonight &amp; fd points scored. we'll pick the 1st answer to win $50 fd cred. must guess b4 kickoff. go!
carson wentz 27
can't decide if i'm more staunch about the politics of the gay agenda or about what i think the ideal production of company should look like
these are not distinct topics.
i love this. in college i've written a total of 13 papers (all 5+ pgs) about mean girls and gotten an a on each one
i did mary poppins and firefly. my friend did alias &amp; buffy.
its fall, im feeling like i have to do a giant pumpkin spice shake with all the dumb pumpkin flavored foods that are out right now.thoughts?
go for it you basic ass bitch!!!
stop being basic &amp; just do it
that is basic! everyome does it
one thing i wish happened during lbcc- some guy kept coming to the table when wasn't there and wanted to fight about draugr.
he was insistent that the draugr were on the side of the aesir. i've read the prose &amp; poetic eddas, but i'm nowhere near as well versed in
sure. but for the most part completely loafed on defense
well and league cracked down on officiating. if guys could fight today they would but not worth the $/suspension
about to see 's talk about 'delivering unicorns'!
hey, no tweeting during your talk
aerial video shows unarmed man being shot and killed by police in tulsa, chief says. reports now on...
with his hands up in the air
john popper blocked me for calling him pohn jopper.
why must he give you the run around?
trump is not a tough guy he's just a bully
- you really are stupid.. he is the only way we save our country from islam - wake the fuck up - you liberals are destroying usa
wat happens wen u do xans at the beach
all of u r super hot
only a sick person wouldn't pick up a father and their poor child. i got strange looks buying a full skeleton at the mall
i would dress it up for all the holidays. buy it sweaters for every season
opens his mouth on terror. tells us to get used to it.
wwwww, t............
about to blow a blood vessel cringing
this was the most uncomfortable thing to watch i am laughing so hard
and i apologize if it came across as correction or arrogant. god laid it on my heart to write what i did and i mean no harm.
rachel, god did not lay this letter on your heart, because it opposed the truth of jesus &amp; the bible. that is my response.
both are tremendous players, i just put pirlo a small step ahead
they're both in my beard mt. rushmore!
im learning to respect everything even if i hate it so i told mike ill go to a riddim show w him if he comes on a ghost hunt. compromises
ghost hunts are excessive tho
oh no! do you remember where you left them?
in the locker room under the sinks near the showers. but i stopped in twice and they are nowhere to be found
correlation btw allowing devs to create call blocker apps &amp; weeks before released ...
1/2 -- $0.015/min/call. $2-3 to sell a blocker.. call the person 20x -&gt; ~30cents, less on (no pickups).. jus sayin..
especially when it just underlines text buttons in some places. hideous, and not necessarily more accessible
good point; i forgot about the underlines.
i'm catching the bus! but i do wanna see you though! how close are you?
when? and i'm 15mins away from manhattan by train.
you said that clay holmes is the next big thing fans will talk about. holmes ranks significantly lower than the guys this year.
when did i say that?
we were very close!
is that the cover the new doom?
is anyone else's iphone 6s+ battery life atrocious?
my 6 is going crazy! still waiting a month for the 7.
reminder: nypd was profiling afghan-owned fried chicken restaurants w/in miles of rahami family's in 2007....
please elaborate. what do you feel is the significance of this reminder to ahmad rahami's crime (terrorism)?
there's a fucking bumblebee in my bathroom.. wtf
"bumblebee"
crap. shouldn't have left the office a bit early today...
oh wow, looks like a good setup. however, wasn't pbr on for weeks the last time it was on tap?
if we made a christmas card last year, this would've been the pic
thanks for sharing your pic with us! would you be interested in being featured on an episode of rams primetime saturday?
thanks :) u still around?
no, back on the us's best coast
yes. but what's new? diego was already docker compatible.
specifically a few weeks ago diego moved to an (runc) base
dont be a hater your mom is hot
i just dont wanna think that of my mother ok
ah. small favors, man. what do you do? can i ask?
my firm has a contract with the state dot to perform construction inspections. doing some work on the railroad right now.
3% of americans own 50% of guns. 3% of americans own 50% of guns. 3% of americans own 50% of guns.
&lt; 1% of americans control 50% of the world's military
oh this is great! i have a team in the company wanting me to give them a workshop intro to react and redux.
i do teach redux because people want to know. i build the app in react first and then refactor to redux.
i'll be at your place in 5?
not soon enough
bitch next time i'm leaving ur ass instead of waiting 3 hours on campus for you
don't be a debbie downer i spend most of my life waiting for you bih
why is alameda da nancy o'malley filing criminal charges against oakland cops in hayward? that's not even the crimi...
possibly jurisdiction (part of the county) in which crimes were committed.
i agree. but who knows, nypd can be really stellar when they put their minds to it.
nypd, for sure. can't say the same about a sc pd, though. they seemed too compassionate considering how heinous the crime was.
discussing ideas for informative topics and someone suggested "how to sneak into festivals"...
he even advised if he can do "safely taking drugs"
honored to be in ! article is the apple doesn't fall far from the tree
holly, you earned the accolade. :)
i can't stand guys who act like a saint the second they get a man, but just 2 weeks ago they sucking dick at a target parking lot.
hmm, target don't out that shit in their ads!!
somebody actually hissed at me in the hallway today...
i guess there are freshman who believe they're cats??? they got in trouble last year for wearing tails..
in the locker room under the sinks near the showers. but i stopped in twice and they are nowhere to be found
i am a runner w a chronic ankle sprain so i had custom orthotics in the sneaks which worsens the blow
wtf really? go gold!
i was thinking white and gold with on the side hahaha
great, the mindfulness / meditation app i installed is now sending me nag emails.
hey are you relaxed yet? how about now? now? now? now? now? now?
today is top 5 frustrating days of life
mercury in retrograde went fully direct today its over on 22nd though!
peter hook in la saturday night but i will be across town doing a comedy show with this clip will h...
i have an extra ticket for the sf show on 11/5 if you want to come up and see him here.
~yes the wh press secretary actually said that
- wake the hell up.. we infidels are at war with islam - if you don't see it, sit down and shut up. asswipe
he was insistent that the draugr were on the side of the aesir. i've read the prose &amp; poetic eddas, but i'm nowhere near as well versed in
them and norse mythology as anne. i kept wishing that they'd finally meet and fight so anne could crush him with her overwhelming knowledge.
anyone trying to buy a black sabbath ticket for tonight, hmu. please retweet
meee foo sup widdit!!
was it racists to be wary or germans during ww2. or just smart?
this is the most absurd tweet. no it wasn't. did i say i supported radical islam? i just dont support
this whole thing is worth your time to read from trump in florida today:
george w bush on steroids. remember why you voted for obama? then vote for hillary.
this the best beef by far
they scared of me
not to mention you have mimi's ... and are 0-1 on that...
not all of us have panteen hair
happy birthday bo
preciate it bro!
exactly my thoughts on the a99 ii announcement
i was really, really hoping for an a7iii with better low light and focusing
thomas talk on tracing, what about you?
keynote on event loop by
happy birthday friend
thank you!
the broad rejection of sequels/reboots by u.s. moviegoers continues
most of these old ip plays just feel so stale, and that rejection applies to tv attempts too
beautiful new for the that parents will also enjoy. glad to be a...
just spotted it over the weekend in sfo -- they were hosting an event with illust...
fuck a torn acl
yessss did that happen to you?
what new york city is really like after bombings: tough and resilient
new yorkers are tough, so are the police.
chef and his handy assistant dingofosterlily tearin' up the kitchen!
life is good when hubby makes you dinner!!
exactly! we could put it in lydia's toddler carrier and you could walk along the road with it in there until someone stops!
some old women would be like ohhh your baby looks strange, yeah the mother was pretty iffy.
huge happy birthday shoutout to my dude hope you have a good one on your day off boy!
i really appreciate it bro!
donald trump pledges to protect hunting, fishing, and 2nd amendment
works for me! maga
really wish the new yeezys didn't have writing on the side. cheapens the design.
new ozweegos got writing on the side too but i agree.
don't be a debbie downer i spend most of my life waiting for you bih
i'm worth waiting for
hey, is way closer than venice. and, i'd buy you a drink, so that's makes it totally worth it.
you make a solid case.
just watched someone walk directly into a trash can and fall, with the trash can, into a puddle. ama.
rip this guy's dignity and also his android phone
how did trump, clinton differ in responses to terror attack?
and you edited the tape for
fresh egg and very yellow yolk. sausage meat that isn't grissly and wholemeal breadcrumbs.
i'm going for panko breadcrumbs. i've never actually *made* a scotch egg so i may be talking phooey.
lots of iot devices around the home to write about, updates too. be sure to follow appmyhome on twitter, and visit
found any blinds or window shades that are not $1000/window? i'm going to hack my own because i can't find any to buy.
that's why i wanna do it, bc i had so many amazing teachers growing up, i wanna be that person for a kid. props to your gf though
yeah she likes teaching in bad schools too because she really wants to make a difference in these kids lives! props to you too!
is currently experiencing departure delays between 1 hr, 16 mins and 1 hr, 30 mins due to tm initiatives:swap:wx
departure delays are no longer in effect for
oh, all of photoshop :s
are you just mainlining sketch / ai?
lmao seriously. i miss ya
yes come back to the bronx!
hey there! congrats!
on....? why congrats?
indisputable
serious question, though, who are the other two?
i am thrilled to be able to confirm the rumor that rav avraham willig " will in fact be leading the high holiday services .
that's avraham
that seems to be the libs only response. if wanting law/order for our country makes me racist, sign me up.
ooh it's not because i'm liberal. it's because i know is not fit to be president. if you support his ignorance
someone just guessed my age as 23...
someone asked if i was born in the 90's the other week and i never felt more blessed
police picking and choosing who they want to protect is another reason to keep kneeling
anyone who says" they're be paid while suspended" may have forgot "innocent until proven guilty". it's s right....
well i just hope the players don't allow the distraction since they all seemed ok with it.
espn b4 the game will ask does bu glorify a rape culture when it invites indicted oakman to locker room - that's distracting
i think it had more to do with incompetence, rather than a lack of effort.
while probably both, he cloned a plot that was executed at the finish line of a marathon. this was no attempt to outdo anyone.
man, trump is one stupid sob, huh?
authoritarian state? suppresses media, no criticizing the regime, interprets law, not the courts. bad moon rising.
lmfaooo at the gif
lmfao my heart is a little sad, that was my reaction
as ususal the million dollar question comes up.. and i need a halloween costume..
just be hungry naa for halloween
remember how cheap they were in flo :(
ughh can't talk ab it i'll tear up miss it all, everything is so expensive here :(
'the apprentice' gave millions a deeply misleading impression of donald trump
your tweet supports trump. forget what the article says. you are complicit in letting this buffon make fun of our country.
haven't thought of any yet. xd
well if you guys do think of something and you want a moustachioed lush to join,let me know!
that's why i wanna do it, bc i had so many amazing teachers growing up, i wanna be that person for a kid. props to your gf though
takes a really strong willed person to want to become a teacher... shit is mindblowing how stressful it is
icymi: let's have a conversation: colin kaepernick &amp; racism in america. please let me know your thoughts!
enjoyed your video. very thorough, almost every aspect was covered
sounds solid. i only have 2.5 hours. not sure i'll have time.
nope, no way. i barely cover it all in six hours. it's at if you want to see it.
that seems to be the libs only response. if wanting law/order for our country makes me racist, sign me up.
then what does it say about you? get the point genius?
i know it's cool for new yorkers to talk about how unbothered they are following a major incident, but i am not unbothered.
the days and weeks following 9/11 have the majority of us dumb to these events
don't leave mommy behind though.
oh god, if you left that in my living room at night, i would kick it in the face so hard
just spent ten days in tucson. it's my favorite place
we fell in love with it too!
could hooking a "smart" pebble in my bra really track my mood? can apps improve your mental wellbeing? by me.
enjoyed your article, amy! we've had success helping folks be more mindful with breathe
lmfaooooooo y'all play too much
it's the truth
straight up! he was eye f*cking her the first time he laid eyes on here
love the side eye she gives him.
turnbull pushes trade pact signing before us election.
just a few more months and you would've got the interview with your illustrious prime minister mandy
you have no idea how obsessed i am with gavin
he's the cutest kid on the planet omg like look @ that face
i'll let you know when it happens lol
what a small poly twitter world lmao i didn't even realize it was you aha how's it been bro
niggas be eagles fans willingly lmao
crazy right
have you been to dicks in the harbour yet? hilarious restaurant!
yes! went last night for our last night in boston. got drunk on big ass beers and the service was so good!
and obviously you don't know what parody means.
hahah... clearly it is you that is ignorant and oblivious.
my guess is random.
the mta: the train of choice for alcoholics about to get way too involved in a murder
is this the week america fights back against the heroin and opioid crisis? (photo: afp/gett...
do your god damn job babe and indict the clintons!
them and norse mythology as anne. i kept wishing that they'd finally meet and fight so anne could crush him with her overwhelming knowledge.
sadly i had to settle with telling him over &amp; over that i'm pretty sure he was wrong /i didn't know enough to dispute it / i just draw
i'm guessing if the won the super bowl, todd bowles would give his players a little more leeway than that.
you have a point. i guess i expected an all-day buffet with "endless" food haha
thanks for visiting !! safe travels. see you in november!
big thanks to you! always good to meet you. twitter headquarters are so cool! see you in
study: watching fox news makes you less informed than watching no news at all
correlation not causation but still interesting
i made tea an hour ago and then my wigs came so i naturally had to take 800 selfies and now my tea is cold and sad
selfies? where? i always want more of your beautiful face!
wow, well i've wished you a happy tuesday morning in advance!
many thanks
entering contract year, iguodala as important as ever to ()
yes has just one more year to convince to become a coach.
it's really well done
totally! were you at the event?
. plus mix should be *well*-rested during a time at which has had fatigue concerns. should be in the 18, imo.
lol. that was edited quickly.
the view from my seat! my 2nd game at citi!
crazy that i've been to more games in atlanta (10) than new york (2).
nah it's basically an event lol not gonna be out on some abandoned shiz by ourselves, i wouldn't do that to him. yet &gt;:)
lmao you: "mike relax thats just my hand" mike:"im doing this for riddim shuttup"
7 line no 7 service between 34 st-hudson yards and queensboro plaza. 11:45 pm mon to 5 am tue, 9/1...
omg whoever works at mta ms. allan can't freaking read.
real life or tabletop?
real life but it got rainy so i toned it down
couldn't pass up getting these for us. great collab
yessss! was totally looking at those too the other day.
i was so high on russell wilson and tyler lockett before the season but the offensive line is a major concern. downgrade all
is lockett a hold? or is he a drop until otherwise?
oops. forgot about eating again
that's how i lost an unhealthy amount of weight in grad school. also anxiety attacks.
this my muthafucken shit
gbc tour better slide thru the bay w crooks opening wow
all ya'll with the beverage plans and i'm over here like... ; --- ; gd responsibilities!
surely you can make time for a single beverage with your fellow warriors of light.
yep, time to check the calendar.
and to the many ppl with whom i'm sharing a crib, fear not! i've got the last 3 years of phish shows saved to my hard drive!
and you think i'm not!?
did you just do the switcheroo on me?!?
ok, but cops are doing bad things and getting paid leave for doing it. it's not being addressed, so until then they kneel
how about "innocent until proven guilty"? it's a right afforded everyone, not just criminals.
i saw in concert back in the 70's. it was so bad i left. since then i have seen interviews. douchebag.
oh the shit we did for shitty rock and roll.
so this happened in harlem today, needless to say i'm never eating again b
i don't remember ordering a 2 piece chicken biscuit wit a side of meek mill
just watched someone walk directly into a trash can and fall, with the trash can, into a puddle. ama.
it's becoming more and more clear. trash cans are the biggest threat we currently face.
days and times for the panels?
tv panel info is on news section!
2 of my fav feelings: walking out of the heat into an air conditioned building and walking out an air conditioned room to feel the sunlight
what's yr 3rd favorite
learning cope like an adult: step 1) make your music louder. step 2) run faster.
step 3) try and be okay with typos.
dhs report: more than 800 people were improperly given us citizenship
only 800? thank god! during which administration? let's learn what happened and fix it. mistakes happen in life. let's fix our problems
with khiry shelton coming on strong, won't be lacking for attacking choices. perhaps an opportunity for t-mac to play up the middle
bottom line: dank frank is gonna be back for the start of the playoffs, perhaps in time for the 10/23 reg season finale vs.
i gotta calm down, smoke this bowl
facts i need a hit or two myself
omg i'm proud of you little teacher u
i miss y'all. visit ny. new year's eve.
i just want to have a kid so i can be a soccer mom lol
soccer moms stay winning yo
i find this unpersuasive. asher has no (known) reason to lie. sid's word is hot garbage. and he has track record.
atticus, bullshit
yes yes yes. get excited and friends.
. they horny for it.
let's put our military, nuclear codes, laws, and economy in these hands for sure
its foolproof! what could go wrong?
.: terror should be assumed from the start
absolutely! who else wires a flipping pressure cooker?
if you wait a bit i probably can. am at student store spending money rb
how much beast mode stuff did you get?
that reminds me, i tried cheddar bacon cheese puffs. not good.
why mess with perfection?
i want to make halloween cupcakes but i don't want to eat them '^'
fax them to me, i'd be happy to gorge myself on halloween cupcakes
yeah haha :d her name is nana
whaaaaaat you're telling me ur sisters name isn't in the same theme as yours?
we don't play the la lambs this season
damn lol..league did that on purpose
the first set is for a secret project &amp; now i have to redo my makeup before i take the second set :d
halloween secret or different secret?
i'll get there eventually! hahah but thanks!
lol.. sure you will
...circuitclassics me this, (from the / exhibit )
nice! what is it, a wimshurst machine? (can't quite make out the illustration..)
damn new imessage is poppin
twist your phone sideways!
russian pres. vladimir putin reportedly planning reforms to effectively resurrect kgb
unnecessary. he already has on rt,
fuck make sure that you never get any business from me again
my timeline is a constant stream of aa hate
way ahead of ya. been following him for a while ;-)
righteous!
always showing love. thank you fam, best djs hands down, fleet for life
love you homie :)
the answer to "defeat the detrimental war of racism" is one that is often overlooked: love.
it seems the problem is continuing
one more way how shapes young minds....
sad comment...we'll just keep helping rural communities. : one more way how shapes young..
this effing woman has called the store 4 times and now she just called again and asked if i saw her husband come in.
update: her husband is here and she made me page him so i could tell him to get something. my god.
i'm so tired it feels like some1 chained me to a treadmill and forced me to run for a week
well done on big brother hughie! :)
also, last december donald trump said christie "totally knew" about lane closure scheme
see? trump can't be trusted with secrets! he loves to show off what he knows. gossip or state secrets. loose lips
lol what are the odds
stfu right now
leak.... the..... setlist......
whaaaaaat that takes all fun out of it!!!!!!
hearing reports that trump campaign is swiping phone numbers from credit card companies and other sources. example:
are targeting !
later i told this story in a secret society interview
i love this.
blake carter is 16+ designs 14 colors 15% off for a limited shop
where a variety of these every day for two months or not show up to next 6 days of work with no d
hahah it's gonna happen! just don't know when...
probably when im married, settled, wth kids and a dog.
am i crazy thinking about trading watkins for diggs?
you should be able to get diggs + a 1st at least.
[stellar tidal disruptions] *..hawking tries to annoy one with bird puns. toucan play that game..* {photo~reverberation} -mct
*never let the future disturb one. meet it with the same weapons of reason which today arm one against the present.* -eclogue
i knew you would love her!
is this like a huge haunted barn or something?
the munchausian candidate?
well, he's already the moscovian candidate, given his mancrush on putin...
is ubiquitous?? shamelessly promoted? you better believe it! promotes
noticed this, speaking of colors, adornment and the potential significance. many who keep altering look are not happy w/ self.
update: her husband is here and she made me page him so i could tell him to get something. my god.
1) how would i know who your husband is?! 2) y'all wonder why i unplug the phone when i'm working customer service.
especially since he didn't
clearly done on an iphone 6 tbh
i haven't seen the pilot of nbc's the good place but here's my recap: what the fork?! that's bullshirt! you ash hole!
you're such a ducking bench!!!
fyi, ninja brian is taking a "mental stealth" day today
that means a nap, yes? :t
these the ugliest shirts i've ever seen you guys will never be real cougar crazies smh
i mean i don't think shirts exactly define how good the cougar crazies are..
lol. he ain't ready for all that
lol. how you fam? nyc anytime soon?
thanks again for reaching out! we've contacted our merchandise teams and are working to update as quickly as possible.
posted yelp review. tried to post at target site but got two times: "there was an error while posting your review."
apparently $12m is not enough for andrew. he didn't mention to $3.5m trump gave to vets last year.
trump didn't give any of his own money to any charity org. it was other ppl's $$$
dickheads are not a suspect class under equal protection, but dickheads would still be protected under the rational basis test.
no doubt an excellent point, but as all i know about the law is what i learned from tv &amp; in traffic court .....
shall we club together and get this? who's in?? free seals!
i'm in! what a beautiful spot!
lmaooo basically. hes so extra too, im so excited to see how this goes lmfao
does he have a twitter
i can not believe i still haven't gone to watch i need to make that happen like asap!
it's light but really fun.
lmfao! the white girls always try to smile at me too, but it's not the same.
togetherness
.: "in the 20th century the us defeated fascism, nazism, and communism. now we must defeat radical islamic terrorism."
and our corrupt politicians and media
that box was absolutely 100% nostalgia kick in the face great man! excellent unboxing. could tell you loved it!
thanks bro!!! yeah i absolutely loved this box. super excited for the next one!!!!
it's hard to believe you now that you've said it.
*slips cookies into bag*
no! hillary/obama can talk all they want but the truth is .... their failed foreign policies are why we have
no, they are now in 28 countries. good work &amp;
no one in history has ever replied: "sure. i'd love for you to come pick my brain." so stop asking. pitch smarter.
aww come on, retweeting yourself?
i enjoy long walks to the dog park, and blocking fuckboys on twitter. thank you.
you should have your own sitcom on television nikki
with only a week away from the first debate hillary says her pneumonia is back. is she just trying to get out of being publicly embarrassed?
2things will take down .25 judicial watch questions answered in writing under oath with a judge.ask her will she answer them
pls get ur ass home and put my brakes on my car(:
you should know how to do your brakes
oo putting me on the spot. off the top, i'll go titi and roy keane
how about homie?
yeah fam, getting my winston on
bruh, after you left to make those, i legit gragged a jar of peanut butter and started eating it. ()
i just had my first day of school omg literally i love my theatre classes im am so cry :,)
bless up u go bb
at what point, before this train-wreck of trump v. hillary eventually crashes and one of them wins, do we call for a national strike?
imo, we need to prove their collusion first, b/c general strike needs massive participation.
blake carter is 16+ designs 14 colors 15% off for a limited shop
where a variety of these every day for two months or not show up to next 6 days of work with no explanation
i won the emmy last night for weirdest way to stand.
you also won my heart.
tell him i'll be there.
i'm thinking and planning to go in at 5am and live stream it. i hope it goes well once its launch.
it's going to be interesting watching her deal with aging. she needs so much attention.
it's going to be a shit-show. she's got about 5 more years before she starts unraveling. armenian genes crack too.
definitely hold. he had 99 yards yesterday but not getting the volume i anticipated
gotcha. thanks!
fed's big debate: how hot to let economy run? track record of undoing overheating not good reports.
fed track record on undoing disinflation: evaluation in progress, still 0 for 0
she followed me how tf
did you rt something she posted?
only me.....
fill like meet with you
i am proud to say i knew all of those.
me too!!!! they went to the way-back machine with a separate peace. i hated that book when i first read it!!!!!! blah!
mr. feeny taught the best life lessons
feeney was wise
i feel like i've been emotionally, mentally and physically imbalanced since i cut my hair :/ never again
it's okay i felt like lord farquaad when i first cut mine
happy birthday mama powell !
gracias i'll pass the message
will this work for wordpress?
we have a popular plugin no support for unfortunately
shane what if i take my order to go?? and what if i don't order a burrito???
asking the hard hitting questions natalie
i wanna do inner city too! that's where they need good teachers the most.
exactly! you got this! hey babe shes on the path your on!
holy shit i won an yesterday. it's just now hitting me. sorry everyone.
well deserved, very much enjoyed talking for clapping.
three days, three blasts: here's what we know.
did rahami want to be found?
can't get it to work with my google biz gmail account. any way around this? says i need to enable the app
google apps for work? if yes, i think the problem is that admins need to approve account access privileges for the app.
we are repeating ourselves. i am moving on
besides, you're the one repeating the same thing but provide no examples!
i never come into contact with any of the stuff people hate about houston. same with new york. just do cool shit, maybe you're the problem.
i feel this way about any place in the whole country tbh
hey brian, was wondering if you have any good resources when it comes to react universal rendering via rails instead of express/node
i don't unfortunately. i'd think you'd have to run a node service in front of rails and just use rails as an api.
and his music! he sounds beautiful. no evil there... but yeah: he's terrifying in last house
he's pretty brutal in house on the edge of the park
happy birthday beauty love and miss you
thanks love you
yo this band is great
related, and on the intersection of punk and capitalism
any plans for a mobile friendly dashboard?
yep! but not for a little while unfortunately. we have a bunch of other dashboard todo's first.
snickbeard could be a lot of things, none of them pleasant.
not at all. a beard of snicks would take some painful dedication.
what's that? is it bad? if so, sorry, i didn't mean to, tho don't know what u mean!
i was joking! go to bed, hon! you gotta carry on fighting the good fight! xx
words that i used to like but are now ruined: sad. believe me. fantastic.
how about "amazing" and specifically reality tv ruining "amazing journey."
that whole thing at citi with warming up, the song, and the fire graphics just gets you pumped
ohhhh yeah!!!! the batters even look around like, what the...?
twentyeight
happy birthday, steph!
during my hibernation i've been binging on grey's anatomy &amp; this show is amazing
cry every episode.
breaking: ahmad rahami has been charged with five counts of attempted murder of a law enforcement officer. mug shot:
if not for the ability now to glean evidence f/ the perp, i would wish that the cops had performed a civic service &amp; killed him.
do you have any tips on how to "peel back the layers of what you know"? i think acknowledging this and doing it is the hardest part
in my workshop preparations, i'll write a sentence, read it again, and look for concepts i haven't introduced yet.
braves lineup: gant, 2b james, cf chambliss, 1b murphy, rf horner, 3b harper, lf benedict, c ramirez, ss glavine, p
where's albert hall and andres thomas..
*hardstyle weather
hardcastle is like the absence of weather. no livable atmosphere at all, actually
this whole thing is worth your time to read from trump in florida today:
terrorist are criminals. to ask why, is to place their crimes above the norm. who gives a shit why.
why did the commie i got in a fight yesterday just follow me igtg
said they felt bad for me &amp; hope one day i would open my eyes why you here papi
feeling kinda down, i think it's bc i made a playlist of sad/beautiful songs and then listened 4 hrs more than expected due to flight delays
have you listened to the usher album?
how do you usually find out about new comics you might like? (ex. comic news sites, reading previews, friend or lcs staff recs, etc.)
twitter and solicits mostly
punchin hands
like popeye wearing a pair of flesh-colored hulk gloves.
my niece is gonna be born in 2 months shes gonna be a november baby
have her be born nov 5th
during my hibernation i've been binging on grey's anatomy &amp; this show is amazing
i'm re-watching for the third time and i still cry like a 4 year old.
they built it. so i'm gonna use it.
they also built the follow button, u could use that?
mount 1 shane roars lonesome highway poison apple
8 lonesome highway fadlovich m $9.20 $4.80 $3.20
why does this happen
they love us
two agents loved my novel pitch. if i am a published author in 2017, i owe all of it to the shitshow that was 2016.
congrats and good luck!
i'm sorry if i retweet too many trump-related tweets. i mean to do it less, but the chance this fucker could be president scares me shitless
i have to remain calm and convince myself hillary will wipe the floor with trump. it's the only to stay sane this election.
i would literally be smellable from a mile away
totes. i'm pretty in just trousers and a button up
not an exhaustive list (i didn't combine overlays or look at routes numbered above 120)
. means you missed a lot of good north south ones ;) vermont, western, la cienega, van nuys also venice for east-west
i feel this way about any place in the whole country tbh
yeah i know i just clowned nj, but the beaches there are awesome and ac is perfectly trashy and red bank rules.
this is so cool! you guys are so awesome! i've never seen this type of multiperson setup.
thanks, cameron!
i know a couple soccer fields around town
i'm going home rn uak i'm bringing my cleats back
ta! and i do it fuelled by scotch eggs!
life's too short to make your own scotch eggs!
i do too. in cfb terms, we are ancient.
i still feel young until i see the dob of the players
*hardstyle weather
hardstyle is like the absence of weather. no livable atmosphere at all, actually
has a story mode?!?! dafuq is this nonsense? educate me.
it's happening. not expecting it to be a game changer but it's something i'd like to see more of.
i doubt that, but the over all point is one i'm familiar w
still the posters trip me out. i've never seen something like that out here
stop adding all the line breaks. if you're using atom, there's a setting called "scroll past end" under preferences -&gt; editor. :-d
omg i think my whole life is about to change.
trump: "evil thug" suspect will likely get "room service" gov. cuomo: "we have a system of jurisprudence" in the us
sounds like trump is talking about his plans for after the speech
!! that single track we did it elsewhere? stay away from the wasps.
leads up to another single track, then a fire trail to that photo opp, slight climb to brockway summit then bomb down 1400 vft
thank you for such a personal talk. we need more like this in tech.
thanks. i've also ordered learned optimism. excited to dig in.
everyone in al used snapchat for 5 minutes to swap faces and then forgot about it
haha yea it's now more of a text but in video for some - i'll get snaps asking about plans not texts
can we go over that a worm got stuck in between my toes today while walking to class lol
was it a real worm or just ur toe doing the weird thing??
can't believe it's been 29 yrs since my duet with michael jackson hit no.1! ...
.....and hearing you tell the story about the creative process was awesome :)
thanks for having me ! slides are here. :)
thank you so much for coming, tracy! we love having you :)
no i watched it from the cinema, it may posted at some stage though
oh you got to watch movie at your cinema tonight? were you at premiere or another showing?
but cost comparison head to head?
with regular fentanyl and remifentanil
yes yes yes. get excited and friends.
. they horny for it.
any one that has at least 12 floors
you must really hate josh bailey
tits out for harambe
shoutout to thrasher
i was hoping to speak with you yesterday at st johns. nice mass and after party.
sorry i missed you. you were at the 5:30?
after court threat, state of michigan removed flint's power to sue
oh my god....secondary victimization. please retweet this atrocity. thank you.
boycott, i change the channel on any team that allows this crap. i can give up football altogether. won't bother me any
support that brother!
happy birthday brandon! many many happy returns!
thank you, david!
huh. it seems neither macos sierra preview nor photoshop w/updated camera support can open 5dmkiv raw files yet? bummer...
did you get the mkiv already?
good thing we have the clinton foundation documents showing less that 6% of money used for charity.
that's trumps foundation hillary's foundation gives 90% 2 charity &amp; there's documented proof!
sending all my lurve to you
that gif has so much awwwwwz
i don't think so?? i haven't been on all day but??
they probably say you were cuban &amp; thought you would be down with the revolution lmqo
.: "these attacks [in mn, nyc &amp; nj] and many others were made possible b/c of our extremely open im...
the federal bureaucracy must be de-unionized by act of congress and potus.then state of art management techniques.
heinrich himmler would be proud of
. every time i read something about i imagine john malkovich yelling at him...
oh really? i loved it! i bought a copy last year.
it was part of my hs summer reading one year, and i just struggled with it. maybe older-self would like it?
sarah kessinger/rags or whatever her name is has got to be the biggest pussy in northern california.
she blocked me and i don't even know who she is
what are your tattoos of?
buddy holly w flying saucers bigfoot &amp; pyramid; all-seeing eye:"god smiles on our new order of the ages"&amp;new:
chris christie knew about scheme to close george washington bridge lanes, prosecutors said
. lying scum. watch his apology.
"i'm the only candidate in this race who's been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield. -hillary
your meds are affecting your brain. just another lie from a pathological liar!!
she travel and know the world, what is trumps accomplishment
traveling is not an accomplishment. it is something we all do. look at the nyc skyline to see what trump has accomplished!
50% of the libuv team, aka 'the event loop people' of .
nice shot... how did i miss this talk?!
my latest post: is uber ditching sign-up bonuses in favor of "guaranteed" earnings? via
my bonus (4/15, $500) was double pay on my first check, a bit more than promised. is this what they're doing?
are you in nyc? where when are you performing?
i'm performing at side ponytail tonite! you in brooklyn? nyc?
!! that single track we did it elsewhere? stay away from the wasps.
no wasps but was contemplating
you know you really hate a class when you would rather be at track practice
i mean field hockey... i accidentally mistaken it for track practice
hey jesse, let's get a drink in union square sometime and chat more about sf and the startup scene - i'm interested in your take.
sure! are you free sometime this week?
*holds in obnoxious comments about rival team bc it's not even october and shouldn't be looking to start shit*
there's no such thing as a bad time to shit on the smurfs
i swear i'm gonna laugh if you get hitched with kids and a dog in the next year.
oh god, why would u wish such things upon me :( lol
she said don't try it she said she far from ugly
looks like she's close enough to me sus
as a bears fan, cutler blows
in chicago other than greg olsen and matt forte what has he had
takes ateam 2achieve r individual dreams-through shared adversity we r now dreaming 2gether
thank you for sharing your teams incredible weekend!! go noles
i'm still waiting to see obama's university transcripts.
why? is like to see trumps transcription
i've always felt like if you did something shady towards me &amp; you know what you did was messed up, there's no need to "talk" about it
wouldn't you want to understand their motives?
it was supposed to be positive rather than just a taking part trophy!
i'm uncomfortable with praise!
see jon pardi's grooving performance of "dirt on my boots"
brand new tune star
i didnt make it to the lobby to wave you good bye. thanks for being here and have a safe trip back!
you two are fucking awesome. next round of jger is on me. it'll be lovely.
what's your favorite iphone app right now? why? (bonus points if it does anything special for ios 10.)
i don't have one....and that has me worried. :(
muslim women must be covered from head to toe so muslim men won't rape them... ain't islam great?!
that's their business not ours. what muslim women do or allow is their issue. not anyone else's
1/2 i'm a pa resident, a big support of our 1st responders and annoyed by the dd column. thanks for your work.
thanks owen. the professional and dedicated men &amp; women protecting our communities appreciate your support!
she travel and know the world, what is trumps accomplishment
i see why you want to "move on".
restoration of 2,200-year-old ancient laodicea theater in turkey to be completed in 3 years
cool. wonder if it was built by the romans? i've read they built theaters &amp; baths everywhere they went.
i'm an angels fan. it's been a long season. :(
that figures they're a bunch of losers
swear it's the funniest video i've ever seen
"bc we were talking about africa" "and what did you say" "that my mom lived in africa"
only me.....
i can't wait to meet with you prova.
there's something wrong with the sky
it's like the dark mark but for dumbass isis wannabes
what's the whole concept behind hoodies? i'm a little lost
it just brings ur heady level to new heights nd gets in the way when ur dancing
all of a sudden anniversary week is upon us... donna and norah lee and mary ann and
wow!! well a big happy anniversary to you all!! god bless
has me feeling the feels w all these like "alt hits of '94" playlists.
def not the offspring tho. ew. #
ugh. the worst. that's like the kid in school who would remind the teacher she forgot to assign homework.
it's not like i didn't have things to do and had prep for an event on sunday. but whatever. waste my time even more
real talk you guys are scary though can we face the rangers instead?
but the story line would be epic! farewell tour or the curse?! maybe ortiz does one more yr?
my heart hurts thinking about it
silly me decided this summer to re-watch it all to get ready for the new season thursday and 11x21 just came on
this is the lobby of . lucky us!
indeed those visuals look awesome!
bombing suspect ahmad khan rahami being held on $5.2 million bail
why isn't he being held without bail?
next project!
as a big time lego builder i've got to say this set is a huge homerun!
my nose won't stop running and i'm about to freak out
you better catch it spins
this is just sad and tbh harassment
true sometimes they follow me to reply every time i post something &amp; flood my dm. i've had to block a couple already
these summer assignments
me when you dont text me back
and if you guys make it, you can face the sf "first half" giants
that works too
first debate --may be her last --- stress will exacerbate her parkinson's &amp; she will spaz out on stage !
she doesn't have parkinson's you idiot
the beard you grow watching saturday night nick (
hahah. or the beard you get because you were watching snick while shaving your beard.
brandon marshall, alshon jeffrey, martellus bennett
brandon marshall i can see but he's a bruiser. the other two names don't even line up with anything.
do u evr wonder if any1 has evr said one of ur tweets out loud 2 their friends and pretended it was their original content bc same
tbh i had a dream that 1 of my friends did this and i haven't talked 2 her irl since. it's a dangerous world out there 4 good tweets
trump's lies are all about self-promotion, hillarys lies are abt greed &amp; undermining america
that's a lie!
it's like the dark mark but for dumbass isis wannabes
this is too good for a direct reply
are awesome! and just unveiled 'the occult activity book volume two'
thank you so much for the write-up on our project!
an all-white nike air cruz trainer is set to release this fall
very uncomfortable sneaker
my anxiety is really bad rn
i got some pills for that
does trump plan to bring up hillary's marriage issues in the debates? he tells us tonight on the factor, preview:
he should and then she can bring up his.
yeah we started a new system of doing things at work today and that sucked donkey. can't wait to go back tomorrow
you mean the system of actually doing stuff at work?!? whomp whomp wwwwwhhhhhoooooommmmpppp
lol my professor brought in the same thing to mine and class last semester
omg hahaha good times that class was ridiculous/awesome at the same time
happs to the best topps employee
haha, nawww...! (thanks, though! )
you picked a hell of a time to be in nyc , &amp; !
interesting. 2/3 of these handles have not been to my show.
wsup uce....its been good. just work and school. how you been though? still in santa barbara?
nah i'm back up in the bay now, just doing school and coaching aha
it was part of my hs summer reading one year, and i just struggled with it. maybe older-self would like it?
although, i did love a lot of my summer and required reading in hs.
did you ever notice that the bass playing in the office theme song is reaaaaally bad?
let's hear you cover it better
after being carded the other day the waiter says, wow you don't look that old.
i think my age is confusing to ppl. there's a nice, college-age doorman at work who keeps hitting on me.
*never let the future disturb one. meet it with the same weapons of reason which today arm one against the present.* -eclogue
[music in the soul can be heard by the universe] *..hawking tries to trick one with bird puns. toucan play that game..* -mct
why is it that african men still try to do that "get in good w parents" trick when pursuing
so they don't have to buy 10 goats and 5 cows to marry you
lol there's one dtsj
god dammit zeke this is why o can't take you places!
first debate --may be her last --- stress will exacerbate her parkinson's &amp; she will spaz out on stage !
she doesn't have parkinson's you moron
"smells like up-dog in here" son- "what's up dog" "not much you?!" *high-fives any and all witnesses of this comical joke*
i was about to tag you but then saw you retweeted it...
rpg fifa. what a wild world we've come to.
my only regret is that it's with one club only: man united
you can help. donate to &amp; we'll match up to $1mm in contributions
donate!! are you serious? by luck i have a pot to piss in. our own government is sucking is dry. what don't you get!
i wont! im pressed to see u i haven't seen you since that time we met at target at pg.
yeah that was forever ago
my question is why does she care so much about what our friends do
come out come out wherever you areeeee~~~
i've done it like 3 times and it ruins me every single time
this is my 6th time and a little piece dies with me each time
i'm sorry the order was returned as undeliverable! when this happens, a refund will be issued when it's received. ^ep
okay. i need to repurchase the item?
first debate --may be her last --- stress will exacerbate her parkinson's &amp; she will spaz out on stage !
she doesn't have parkinson's you spaz
chris christie was once considered a serious presidential contender. now he leaves the national stage in total disgrace.
dont let the door hit him on the way out. bye felicia..
muslim women must be covered from head to toe so muslim men won't rape them... ain't islam great?!
in america muslim women don't have to do a damn thing cuz they are free. they can choose hijab or not
i like to fuck people up by telling them star wars was just a rip off of flash gordon and the hidden fortress
...so... the truth?
finished narcos, the night of, stranger things. what new tv series should watch next, from netflix/amazon world?
the get down is better than all these shows
see john stumble. see john whine. see john fade away.
he is a loser.
i hear ya. i'm looking at my home screen and most are functional and fine. no big standouts.
the youtube app is really well done in my opinion.
booklet has been completed. requested a copy from the vendor so this way i see how it looks b4 going live on october
this has been a journey for me to create my lenormand deck. i'm hoping to receive my copy sometime by the end of the month.
and that fight could tell her she loves him, or she needs to split now before its worse
lets not be a party pooper
i usually leave them dangling but that is much more elegant.
i've left a couple hanging myself, lol. my buddy would use silver-tape that his duct-working friend had in excess.
martellus bennett is tearing shit up with the patriots rn, alshon jeffrey is injured but is a pro bowl talent
peyton had harrison and more, rogers had a ton, eli has had better than whoever those two are, i could go on. i just don't get it
just in: has spoken about drinking again, saying he has the permission of professor.
maybe he was thirsty
i like to fuck people up by telling them star wars was just a rip off of flash gordon and the hidden fortress
and that's from someone who still loves stars wars.
my summary of chile's 9/11.
all the work of mastermind, henry kissinger, and the cia. plus they assassinated president allende. first9/11
you all speak like you know so much. i get you are fans in nicki but that's no reason to shade him god bless
you're not the only one that "know" him.... or think they know. he's always tryna see what he can get started.
u mean that manell used to tag up ppls cars lmao
accept me for my flaws!
robert c. o'brien: was 'worst appeasement since we allowed hitler to rise'
so very true and just as dangerous!
today i called services for a leaky ceiling. uharts response:
carol and i are laughing so hard
see there's no need to have a fancy car, just one that can get you from point a to point b.
i'd rather spend 400 dollars a month on stuff i actually need
*sends you hugs of encouragement*
*feels encouraged*
given the press turned him into kgb over sarcasm he'll never release a 3200 pg tax return
he made himself a putin lover all by himself media was his free or!
oh no the bowling alley may run out of strikes!?!
. let's wear sweaters in august to save warmth for january...
idk how to tell my boyfriend's friends that he's dead
who you talking about willis?
agreed, but wwe hasn't embraced that idea yet
is there a way to measure how last year's july 4 japan show did, live + on demand? were they happy with it?
fun in the sun
i love you follow me
news from home
is playing in the city tonight!
how was dinner s?
it was excellent sis v. how about your's?
the worst militant raid in 25 years will prompt harsher indian tactics in kashmir
india should seal the border,search every house,in jammu &amp;kashmir.culprit found,kill every body in the household.
trust me, he sucks. weapons have not been a problem for him.
i graduated from vandy and was there when he was. i've followed him in the nfl. explain the discrepancy in denver and chicago
i know! loved that show!
space ghost was literally my go to show when i was growing up. great memories
already matts id worked for me
what you neee a fake for boy
thanks for being one of the best parts of the twitterverse! i appreciate you :-)
you are most welcome dear friend.
my sentiments..and they call every year...big fu this year..
you were giving to the kkk, disguised as law enforcement.
what happened to you
married an asian? but seriously, go to a thai/vietnamese/lao place &amp; order it.
hercules: east bay rapper keak the sneak jailed after car chase, arrest
let my boy out!! he ain't do nothing!
rt &amp; guess the top athlete in tonight &amp; fd points scored. we'll pick the 1st answer to win $50 fd cred. must guess b4 kickoff. go!
jordan matthews 26.1
looks like the deplorables are smarter than hillary thinks!
thank god for you, sean hannity, lou dobbs!
what i mean by this, is do i fully have a grasp of appreciation vs appropriation? because i'm a biracial woc who is half white.
so white people cant understand and can't have an opinions like?
remember all those days of 24/7 coverage when a white evangelical terrorist actually killed people at planned parenthood? no.
why are mass killings by white people in the us almost never called terrorism?
i dont wanna go to a con anymore because i'll ruin the magic when you find out i am in fact a real kangaroo :c
you should still come so i can ply you with adult beverages.
can i just add that our houses aren't even touching. there's an entire driveway between us
i would report the hell out of them.
that glowww
i know you and i love that glow glow queens
great shot. same scene over boston.
thanks! seen any good snaps of the one y'all are seeing?
anyone have any restaurant recommendations in london?
they gotta have a good sushi spot out there.
people with an iq of 90 can work for the national review
looks somehow young and old at the same time.
i n o t i c e d lol but watermark stuff btw
what watermark??? do you mean the shutter stock one-
lol you did this to me yesterday and the day before lmao
replied to you in a gm, n you reply 2 days late to messages.
wondering how one can tell someone is a "bad dude" from the seat of a helicopter.
you don't actually have to be a bad dude to be a bad dude... it's in the handbook
tfw you see an undergrad driving a maserati &amp; your 10-yr-old car has a puddle under the seat b/c a/c isn't draining.
que the seizing of the oligarchy's treasure, 100% ill gotten,like their master's math.
.: must "build trust between law enforcement and muslim american communities."
hahaha. they stockpile guns and bombs to kill us. hard to build trust
19 years old and i can't even help my 10 year old sister do her 5th grade math homework
common core is terrible for that exact reason
we can agree that joseph gordon-levitt is a good actor, but the accents have to stop.
i can't agree to that. his range is limited to smirking or furrowing his brow. he's a sitcom level talent and no more
appreciate what? lame producers who don't even listen to you trying to steal your sound because they don't have one?
aint no one tryna hear a "type beat" ever.
denounces humanity &amp; legal system
god, when will this end. i am so sick of him.
[music in the soul can be heard by the universe] *..hawking tries to trick one with bird puns. toucan play that game..* -mct
[quantum black holes] what is history but a fable agreed upon. time dissipates to shining ether the solid angularity of facts
so white people cant understand and can't have an opinions like?
ew typo but yeah i'm not deleting and trying again
djodjws if i could decide...but it hink shes gonna be born late november
wtf thats not cool tho
it was 2014 ryan
so, you're saying you don't still have a crippling fear of being on video boards seen by 10s of thousands of people?
or stay and raise a family
i mean yeah lol but i tweeted this bc i was having a convo w some ppl about how they wouldn't raise a family here
will there be mentors offering an introduction to using the swift app?
. yes! we will have mentors on hand to help people get started using swift playgrounds for ipad.
wanted: one boyfriend to grab my butt and feed me ramen
*grabs your butt while feeding you ramen*
rt &amp; follow to win a pair of tickets to w/ ! sold out - tix available at the door
heslo meeeee
"that's what happens when earth fucks with space. never forget that. that's what happens": hendrix as the band broke up onstage
jeffreys slipped hendrix bad acid that evening. i saw bog on new years eve 1970 / 2nd show / fillmore east. outtasight
cannot believe paul ryan is expressing sympathy for criminals, not crime victims. when did this become conservative?
is so lost, so irrelevant, so naive, so scared, so bitter, so confused, so powerless, cannot be 's speaker
lol of course. i'm waiting for you to text me &amp; tell me what i should do with my hair next lol
shit help me out too!
the borgias, man. the borgia's.
i don't seem to remember an apostrophe in the series title. it was referencing a collective, not ownership. :p
thank god for
so adorable
[quantum black holes] what is history but a fable agreed upon. time dissipates to shining ether the solid angularity of facts
*i noticed, those who claim everything is predestined, &amp; we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the street*
i think my favorite ad on the subway is the one for a college that screams "finally, a brooklyn heights address you can afford!"
like if college were affordable this could be a+ marketing and yet here we are
lmaooo. you mean actual real house music?
real actual proper nonfictional house music
heh--"steady and even personable"!
my she sounds like a everyday american! joke over... ftr
my favorite part about watching the red sox play the orioles is buck showalter complaining about literally everything.
had good reason to there though. can't lie.
"i'll have him to you at 6." it's 6:10. i want my baby. now.
oh no, i know that feeling. breathe mama
im mind blown by the awful quality of the bag i bought less than 5 months ago. 200$+ and literally falling apart ...wut?
the new bag we searched forever for?!
*i noticed, those who claim everything is predestined, &amp; we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the street*
*...it showed that the universe must have begun with a singularity, if einstein's general theory of relativity is correct...*
and aye.. wtf is this emoji &gt; ..it under food but i ain't never ate the shit
illuminati donut
heh, nothing personnel kid....
i can be your angle, or your devil
huh? after today, hillary has nothing on public calendar until debate - in 6 days via
what's on your calendar - here's something new - check to see if trump received an irs audit letter.
i don't like hillary either, but why not release them unless you're hiding something?
do you have a reason not to like hrc or is it b-c of gossip you heard?
holy shit i won an yesterday. it's just now hitting me. sorry everyone.
congrats man!!!u've come a long way since carpooling in dc days.
i ! midwest savage just like me! n that bod my gosh oh not2mention the face is just as gorgeous
what's up superstar ?
well i guess the uber driver stole my vape?? ah where r u jesse????
pissed tf off
internships during college can lead to a job offer sometimes
key word: sometimes... the best people in their positions are the ones that dropped out of college.
get off of twitter n get a job!
false ass friend didn't even have my back fuckin person guy!
but i wouldn't mind a couple cows
lol there you go. i knew that was coming.
idky the lighting looks different \_()_/
shawty u the shit
i discovered the secret to goodness. ask for half the pumps. that way it's not sticky sweet toward the bottom o' the drink!
as always, you are a genius.
did you know september is ? stay safe year-round with these tips from :
great information and support of california !!
unf***ing believable: refugees holiday in countries they 'fled', at taxpayers' expense
they aren't refugees, migrants or asylum seekers. they're economic jihadists who'll bleed their host country dry!
any chance you caught donny vomit's set?
nope. i only went to a few different things.
just emailed you both detailing a health and fitness bronx project!
i wrote back!
my cousin lucas is in recovery from multiple surgeries, any help would be so greatly appreciated! get well lucas
omg, many prayers are up for lucas.
hey i'm just nervous for james
he will be fine they will be fine lol
so people wont steal
why would people steal my art??? it's not worth it man
*...it showed that the universe must have begun with a singularity, if einstein's general theory of relativity is correct...*
confession time? here's what i got soft hair on black holes i~open~sourced a-plot a private dic~tator now we call the shot{s}
here is the link to register for all nyc apartments
you are the real mvp!!
well there will be less radical muslims allowed into our country if he wins so yes it will happen less often for sure if he wins
just a proliferation of radical americans. much better.
it's not ideal still but i'll live
disappointed, to be honest
wow: trump hits new high; obama blames...
tried the racist card now pulling out the sexist card!
i love how incomplete san jose streets are.
it's so great, isn't it?
this is as bad as, possibly worse than, pluto no longer being a planet.
*looks up from his floor meal* what's happening now?
i'm taking the under.
i concur. i think our d has ops to continue to grow.
going to the gym but not before i stop by happy hour! lets see how this works out
this is a mess but i relate
getting my ass back in the gym &amp; tanning salon tomorrow. i've been looking shitty as fuck lately
i was shocked to not see you at any of the 50 cent signings.
has friends doesn't invite any
i'm sorry pal next monday or tommorow idc
omg that is amazing
i know you like cats. :)
how haven't you blocked him already?
cause she loves me..unlike someone
only for bassment and basshead squad lol he aint about twit life for the most part. missing out on so many memes
nd petty drama nd everyone thinkin they some politicians or bfs that love their gf every tweet(me)
woodman: gopro really is this experience sharing company
while all that may be true, can we talk about your emoji lineup? needlessly evokes '90s nostalgia &amp; hunger.
aka bob smith from afghanistan &amp; hillary wants more bob smiths to come here..
can someone please give a pill and send her away.
check out on come in bish
come eat pizza w/ me
not voting for is voting for you know that's true unless you're an imbecile.
sorry, joey, i'm calling bullshit on that. the electoral vote elects a president. remember president gore? neither do i.
another showing
that awesome. can't wait for it to me on netflix so i can see it.
cause south central ain't ny b. completely different beast out n that's a real sentiment in the community
pues si. i'm familiar with the sentiment too but i'm suspicious of these posters and doubt they originate from community
it'll only happen if you volunteer to phonebank &amp; walk precinct &amp; register voters.
been doing that but i'm in nyc
we are now 50 days from election day. if i had to bet on it, i'd probably pick hillary... but i wouldn't bet on it....
we need to wake up the grass roots and silent majority and turn up the heat. let's go america!
trump spent all day pushing for racial profiling and refugee crackdowns
he's deplorable.
"trump gave &gt;$100m" "prove it" "we don't have to" ppl hear: trump gv millions to charity, but &lt;$100m
he used his foundation as a pass thru for other ppl's money, not his!
i love seeingother ppl hyperanalyze tiny details of their favorite shit.... try to make sense out of stuff that doesnt make sense &amp;
fans: ugh all these su fan theories are so embarrassing and cringy rebecca sugar: bathes in fan theories
thanks for sharing. we trust an enjoyable trip ahead. ^jr
it's hot on the tarmac today !
well i ordered a veggie pizza but they delivered a veggie stromboli!it's all good!
nice. though if you throw in some mozzarella sticks. it would be even better.
.: "these attacks [in mn, nyc &amp; nj] and many others were made possible b/c of our extremely open im...
open borders and no vetting=terrorists and violence
you asked for a 22 page tire fire with capes! what more do you want?
i want a copy? and more gin?
a2: have students bring to life a ps visual through an act-it-out based on research
my ss loved creating mini plays/ films about historic events
human block ' point of entrance into cells a mechanism by which human antibodies target...
(cont) p domain on norovirus attaches to human cells via hbga. iga 5i2 blocks hbga recognition site on p
i love them i love you i miss you so much
i love and miss you so so much
i mean look at how beautiful it is!
that's art right there
pix from the club?
we're waiting for our food
what a loser
i am as well. trying to think of the last time i even interacted with him.
"choices."
i love that reaction
due to their sins against .. decay must pay. i delete their tag title reign &amp; their decayed vessels.
have dye his the way as yours but more white n less black
victim &amp; eye witness affidavits on file in current rape case against trump. why haven't we heard all about this?
are you following case?
but em! he'll wit for you! how can you say no...
i think i'm missing out on a great opportunity
event alert: i'm fucking up in the basement of 919 lancaster this saturday at 10:31 immediately after fiesta latina...be there!
u think 919 basement is ur ally? u merely adopted it. i was born in it. molded by it. i didnt come out until i was already a man.
the food looks delicious, but is that ... is that a barbie on the back tray?
of course! who doesn't eat with barbies?
it is quite possible for me to say the same, but i will not. i'd appreciate more detail, but thank you anyway :) god bless!
you are right. you could say the same, but my theology never harms or causes injustice to others, while yours does often.
missing you all! great photo.
miss you too!
jason mayden is on call with us! awesome to meet you!
nice to meet you as well!!!!
$fnma olsen, in a written statement on monday "the simple fact is that fhfa has the legal authority to have the gses retain qtrly profits"
where can we find this written statement. thanks!
and there was some show with selma blair, a sort of bootleg friends. i did that too. the memories
it all paled, however, in the face of this banner experience
so, i'm watching neon demon and it's like argento by way of kanye west, beautiful but empty - an undercooked plot &amp; hollowed out characters.
i loved how people said the characters were underwritten and emotionless. thats how they're suppose to be
you get to all the best shows. neglected part of your twitter profile.
oh i don't neglect that
what's almost worse than the criminality, is the incompetence. these are the idiots that are running our gov.
sad but true. we have liars n bigots and traitors running our government
okay, who wants to help and me make a ? xabi and pirlo, obvi. need the rest!
this fella had a beard for long enough to be considered?
i don't think there was a discrepancy, look at his denver numbers: he's always been the same guy
couple 10-5s look ok, but otherwise i see your point. still though the "weapons" he has had is a gross, gross overstatement
let me know how it goes. cuz i'm gonna be in the market for one soon
still working with apple via dm. let's see.
as we get closer to the 27th i'll put it bro..
ok can't wait
happy birthday we can't wait to see you back on broadway in !
happy birthday stephanie! can't wait to see u oct 1
the is showing the film version of hedwig tonight, tomorrow night &amp; wed night. for tickets:...
will fraulein hedwig be attending? or is he like me and doesn't like to see a performance he's @ to play?
has there ever been one with a beard?
not yet comrade. and sadly it can't be you as you are a brit. no one from the p5
is there a way i can make the news widget not be...this
you have to go into the news app and choose media outlets that you trust
see john stumble. see john whine. see john fade away.
another keen polish political strategy.
the inefficiency ass
learn it. love it.
college definitely isn't for everyone and i hate the whole idea that there's only one path to "success."
there is infinite paths. hate when people give up the things they're really good at just to do the social norm.
lol saw that tweet and wondered the same thing
oh you know her?
it's a proven fact
i mean i just play lacrosse so i'll have to take your word
one interesting problem you encounter is privacy issues. you can hold a company accountable for what it does with your data.
true. so we need composable privacy... very good take on ai.
the wording in the last two paragraphs is weak. however, large org. change often works through consensus building and incremental change.
something with strong wording is less likely to even get through the door. once we get this through, it's easier to argue for more.
using separate browsers or browser profiles is also a great way to separate personal from professional. do this!
ugh i tried this but i could never make it work...i ended up with tabs in places i didn't want them :| maybe if i had a 9-5.
he doesn't want second. i have no idea what to do with the his extra mouse lol
did you see the video where the person went to feed the snake but they became friends &amp; then days late the mice ate dasnake
cannot believe paul ryan is expressing sympathy for criminals, not crime victims. when did this become conservative?
ryan is a turncoat traitor!
...and that justified what he did??? shut up
no she was just giving more clarity as to why maybe he did what he did
video shows tulsa police fatally shooting unarmed black man
here we go again
we use umbrellas here to identify the tourists
we identify the pnw tourists by their urban walking sticks
. bemoans "amazing hospitalization" for ny bombing suspect
black folk wake up. trump won't be on our side for criminal justice. bad guys get a fair trial 2
where are you hiding?
we just walked in.
something just makes me wanna bury my face in his chest.
i think that certain something might just happen to be those tantalizing dark tufts of chest hair...lol. les toisons des poils!
i wish i could stop losing my usbs
dude, you have no idea how much i relate to this tho.
i looked at sandwiches on-line even though i'm still trapped at work and i am a dumb boy.
they sell sandwiches on-line? . . **never leaves house again**
we already know some of 's shady global cash grabs. russia. libya. ukraine. turkey. where else?
you have obviously confused him with the woman who dumped your ass.
so unreal it's out this week tweet me your guys' favorite songs so far
and i'm not tryna foooool your happiness baby
next time someone tells me i'm lucky to have ryan after they see how he looks i'm going 2 bluntly ask "why" just to prove how shallow it is
??? they say that like you're not worthy of him or something? you're both equally as attractive
omg take me back.. the show was so goooooood
it. was. everything.
so far, not a close vote.
green chili queso will soon be inside me.
bless your heart.
is that snap on, craftsman? or boob not knowing correct punctuation? too many syllables, i know
jory, that seems like an unnecessarily hostile response.
how so? she asked for my honest response, and i calmly and rationally gave her as she asked. blunt, but not hostile
even better, has my company logo and web site.
what about your dna, any of that on the sticks?
wait we really re signed lou amundson?
yep all guaranteed
i find it amazing that in most stores, we can't stop people who are clearly stealing.
i worked as a and man, ohh man... who would've thunk that it was the littlest old ladies w/ the stickiest fingers!
every 72 minutes, a veteran dies by suicide: excellent and important piece by editorial board.
have you considered a joint program with ? an overnight walk dedicated to vets?
rahami: visited pakistan sb killer-visited s arabia chattanooga killer-7 mos in jordan tsarnaev-6 mos dagestan if only there were a pattern.
we just can't seem to nail down a common thread for these attacks!
american public transit needs standardized, replaceable parts, not innovation.
"spend not mend"? :)
yes..our officers are sensitive
hahahaha! hilarious!
i made my own lightseeker its kinda cute!! :d also i think this is the first fan made art! :d
i somehow expected it to be, well, um, more....gothic?!!
really innovative of cnn to have a host well-versed on the subjects being discussed
nothing should surprise us anymore when the high competence of a moderator passes for media innovation
love when customers insult my looks to my face and almost make me cry while im ringing them up!!
you are literally so beautiful!!! people like that are miserable with themselves and take it out on others!!!
i can't deal. lmao.
lmao! "in da club" is about to be on a solid golden oldies playlist in a couple months.
. question judgment by having as a surrogate.
&amp; trump are two peas in a pod! both liars &amp; crooks
omg take me back.. the show was so goooooood
oh wait. you're cbs radio too?
this fella had a beard for long enough to be considered?
omg how did we all forget about him?!
like, don't get me wrong, the bears organization is a mess and sucks. i don't think cutler is the answer tho
not everyone gets aaron rodgers. isn't the answer to build aroundwhat you have? that is my point. don't blame him. it's shit on o
does anyone seriously think that, as president, would sell out the trump empire before selling out the usa?
he says it 'mean nothing' to him. yeah right, his lifes work of being a greedy money hoarder means nothing, give me a break
first up at tonight's meetup is talking ruboclaus
is like "sup bro"
i've known dt since the 90's &amp; trump's indiscretions r boring compared 2 bill/c! if u knew him u would like him!
trump is deplorable, despicable, and disgusting. i'm sure you know this, being as you knew him so long.
trump would prefer that he be deprived of medical care and tortured to death without a trial.
let's say, in theory, we had the wrong person in custody...
i'm protecting my ass. i'm also 4 berners r 4
i hear you. most americans are protecting their asses from words and images and bullshit. so we fall apart.
x mvps of the day with the packs
tee-mo-thee? pree-sent.
2k won't let that happen lol
do a psn card giveaway and rig it
i was going to cannonball and get the doggies wet but.....
can i come over and go swimming?
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
why so upset? you live for more terrorist attacks to exploit and scare people into voting for your bloated self.
you know i love my burgers
i thought someone give up red meat
a man whose only loyalty is to his own bank account should never be president. watch:
how did the clintons amass a fortune of over 100 million through mostly "public service"??go away liz your 15 are way over
yeah, i agree - but there are movies that do that (mean girls, the bling ring, jennifer's body) and still make a point
spring breakers too. i thought bling ring was one of the best that year. superficial idiotic teenagers who thought no wrong
come raid my closet plz. florals abound.
let me know when you're free and i'll be omw
yeah there are. same, i feel like everyone follows the status quo without questioning why
exactly. then they're like i just want to be happy, when they never been outside they comfort zone to know what happiness is
check out the organiponic hydroponic systems - beautiful design and incredibly user-friendly
would you be interested in advertising with us? please contact shelley.com
"jim schwartz, here's a guy, he just gets after it man. theres only 1 word in his vocabulary and its attack." - jon gruden tonight, probably
i'll tell ya what, man. you're probably right. wow.
seeing your answer made me think of having students translate ps into emojis with a group. lots of discussion about...
this idea!
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
but mostly thinking of yourself, as always
bernie has the right idea. he fought the good fight and lost. follow bernie's lead. he's with her. never trump!
bullshit. he is not with her. she roughed him up. he is probably now afraid to find himself with a bullet in the back of the head.
best analysis of the global trade slowdown i have seen.highlights the role played in the slowdown in chinese import...
"doa" is the "new normal" global banking criminals
bombings in nyc and nj have provided an example of how trump &amp; clinton respond in times of crisis
omg, did she just wake up from a nap. where is her concern. she's out of touch.
i was in little italy when it happened. i was tight the 6 was delayed
the 6 will always be delayed lol
bundy goes six, allows two. givens, hart, brach and britton share the final nine outs. orioles win 5-2.
one too many vegemite sandwiches?
i'm starting to think needed me is better than love on the brain
in the studio, yes. live, no.
a guy in my class's short film was about a kid who was mad at his roommate for turning their living room into a shrine for harambe
sic em baylor fdm.
i've known dt since the 90's &amp; trump's indiscretions r boring compared 2 bill/c! if u knew him u would like him!
trump continues to show me who he is, and i believe him.
same, only spent $8 today tho
breakfast was cooked for you right
talk about mchanzo vape au duh
that's our podcast
literally fuck gender norms and expectations. i'm so tired of people not being able to do what they want because of someone else.
men, if you want to wear crop tops, do that. girls, if you want to shave your head, do it.
if ass tasted like crab wontons i'd order that ass to go
i'd order that ass deep fried and dropped on the floor then spill my coke on it.
: a car just crashed into the museum of broken relationships, which not too shockingly is in hollywood
museum of broken relationships now has a broken foundation
doesnt matter, there is no "reason" necessary
obviously not to us but to him it was
how much you homies out there give me to do this to tonight?
how many of you think i should showcase 's comedic talents by shooting prank clips with her?
holy fuck just saw the video. that was terrible man wtf
just when you thought it couldn't get worse. but somehow sitting for the anthem in protest of this is worse. its sickening.
yes, it was a failure of imagination.
2016 4 sure
it happened! it happened! i finally can type over 140 characters. this is actually amazing: we finally have the spa...
dude you're so verbose.
when you're in the lead, don't worry about those behind you!
it's up and running now anyway. i was just curious if there was some technical problem.
looks somehow young and old at the same time.
what is it that "we know what to do about poor kids with iqs of 120"? charter school?
meanwhile the alt left had a field day over the weekend. no more.
the alt-left... you mean that one guy from linden, nj? wow... even isis didn't claim him.
i'd sit in the bathtub and eat a tub of ice cream while crying
having trouble finding the actual video of this. which one is it?
what should i plant in a garden in the fall
here's an article with some great suggestions:
men, if you want to wear crop tops, do that. girls, if you want to shave your head, do it.
lmao i'm hyped af rn, because i writing about my own experiences of destroying gender and social norms.
crying into their beers after the emmys!
hollywood....the idiot elite
y'all mad fake if u weren't fans when she was just a regular shmegula stripper from the bronx
i been a fan since i found out i sell pussy cuz i carry baby wipes. u learn something new every day y'all.
son i watched all sports shows and nobody gave credit
they not even mentioning niggas when they bring up our division smh. it's like they don't want to admit we're 2-0
remember that time when i was famous at urban outfitters
wish i could find the other ones so i could relive my glory days of being hip and cool
's love life rt : about to blow a blood vessel cringing
her make up bothers me.
lmao i'm hyped af rn, because i writing about my own experiences of destroying gender and social norms.
lol okay enough of the random rant. love y'all.
also "i'm allowed to have my opinion" after telling someone else their opinion is wrong is hypocrisy at its finest
love ya beb
iphone 6 wasn't too bad either. coincidentally, this photo was taken exactly one year ago today.
not bad at all, the optical zoom is a nice feature. must be the time of year for pink skies!
i worked hard to put my foot through the glass ceiling and pull people up - safra katz, ceo ...
if a lot of people do a little bit more, we'll do a lot more together -safra katz
guys don't forget to tune in to tonight and vote for pretty please 1-800-868-3403
can't wait
to end racism, we have to end our society.
bull dung. we have 2 take care and pay attention to our differences and not just expect everyone 2 hold our beliefs/knowledge
how he gets bail and bobby &amp; rowdy doesn't??
shit just blew mine
had my removed today. omg the pain is worse on the right side. this sucks!
oh man, i had all 4 at once done. do the ice 20 mins and 20 mins off, if you can keep the swelling down it will heal faster
how about this wee beauty? penguin pepper.
thanks for sharing!
lmao truth but id rather see a billion mushy tweets then any petty ones idk maybe it's just me at this point -_-
okay then imma flood ur tl with tweets to bae
military police training is shoot first at any hint of threat. dhs blackwater. look at the number since dhs began
i don't believe police shootings have increased. just way more awareness and visibility.
's love life rt : about to blow a blood vessel cringing
and their teeth bother me
had my removed today. omg the pain is worse on the right side. this sucks!
hugs! soft ones.
this isn't a popular take on but i'm a huge jj watt fan. he may put on a little bit for the camera, but he's an all-time great
i agree but i gotta get these jokes off
what a peach of a human being.
slated to fight alvey next month in manilla, be a shame if he put alvey's 'fight every month' streak in jeopardy!
cucumber climbing and climbing
thanks for sharing!
it was great finally meeting you in person . always gives an oppty to learn something when discussing w/ experts.
and much the same. we'll keep the dialog going
just realized that i'm probably so grumpy because i didn't eat lunch or dinner (yet) today and this whole thread is...
*orders tacos via seamless while still in a taxi* *likes it here again*
this is my four o'clock plant, only thing i do to it is water it and feed it on a friday x
thanks for sharing!
sometimes it really seems like jed york looked at chris cohan's corrupt warriors and told himself, "that's what i want my franchise to be!"
he's a debartolo. corruption is in their blood.
he's going to start typing next
i think he is smart enough ...
the dudes best friends w/ "nba/nfl players are soft nowadays. not like back in the 90s when it was a real mans gam...
sorry but rap is garbage nowadays and i ain't friends with that other dude!
and sometimes after tragedy strikes, the world gives you something absolutely breathtaking
because i am living for this golden sky right now and you should be too
it was in perfect condition. i have only the vaguest ideas of where it's been these past years, based on where she found it.
that's insane.
beware the most evil villain of them all: dr. fister
you should be here
video won't load whatsover, just freezes even after many refreshes.
kept doing that to me the other day. had to turn off the html player in order to get it to work
a3 students have to make sense of docs via historical thinking skills
such challenging skills. which comes first?
. oh i love your parody account to. you're hilarious too. very funny
abd you're an idiot to think it was anything but pneumonia
because i am living for this golden sky right now and you should be too
if not, then not my people not my problem
finally got around to trying swift playgrounds. love it.
nice. i'm saving it for this weekend.
great pictures, thanks for sharing! can we go on a voyage with you? :)
of course! i'll meet you in the amazon. sending details via carrier pigeon.
mi warn ya rass for di last bumbocleet time
lmao bro that jeffery is lit i can't even front, my fault for doubting you
moonlight is a beautiful, surprising film.
jealous, i missed the screening.
bullshit. he is not with her. she roughed him up. he is probably now afraid to find himself with a bullet in the back of the head.
at least doesn't have a list of dead associates trailing him.
apparently flotus is
nice. should have went there for dinner. :p
there's already a group of us pushing for stronger, more clear language. bc it's currently so weak as to be pointless
i disagree on the "pointless" part. it's better to have something than nothing.
homemade star wars dog treats for your fluffy lil guy, via
thanks for sharing! ;) the dogs inhaled these!
love these girls! and win in in !
women's volleyball is the best thing god ever created. lol.
my first traffic jam on the 101!!! i'm so la!!!1!
unimpressed. drive the 405 then get back to me.
we're thinking about doing another usa trip in january.. where could we go? - video: "dating someone in the cl...
come back to nyc!!! :)
save sum b!imma get summadat when i pull up toda crib tunight u feel me
there's not much left but i can always make more
you are overestimating electroshock therapy
a sociopath can't be cured.
tbh i'd whistle too, caz that ones kinda funny
haha. i have sensory issues and it really bothers my ears
to discuss a bit tonight in : thanks, !
whaaat?! i'd love to overhear that one!
lk...everyone wants to be in yellow
yes!!! even better is the combo of black and yellow!
i disagree on the "pointless" part. it's better to have something than nothing.
but i am glad there are those who are pushing for improved wording.
it's just business as usual for him. he probably put as much thought into it as taking out the trash.
i get what you're saying, rough analogy, but it's true as far as they are concerned.
just a lot working against them
work is good
cannot believe has guiliani on again. he is a nutcase.
i had to turn....i can't stomach rudy
thanks for being top engaged members - have a great week :)
my pleasure!!!!!
'les larmes'. previn. ashkenazy. rachmaninov suite no. 1 for 2 pianos, op.5 fantaisie-tableaux 3.
on a rainy monday, post in ... thank you
oh yumminess! make slow cooker strawberry applesauce with this from
it's one of our favorite ways to use up all of those apples! ;)
she already tryna impose gender roles smh
read the whole thing
if i won the lottery id finish my bffs or start their pokemon collections
you're the best. &lt;3 i'd def want to do that too. :')
obama gives mexico $75 million to build a wall, only it's for their southern boarder ramming it down our throats...
this creep just loves spending other people's money
i've been jamming to the neighbourhood so hard recently and thinking of yoy
aw fuck i miss you so much :((
it is doe it doesn't matter they will steal
i dont think its necessary but ok
see jon pardi's grooving performance of "dirt on my boots"
brand new tune
. . . and bring them en mass to america and europe. the snake
u had 4tears to defeat them and all you did was work on a campaign and pay to play foundation
how long is your next flight ?
11 hours! @ it's the long one!!
if the democrats were actually an effective political party, they'd push this link with, "trump hates veterans."
oh i think there'll be a lot on this...
but i want james to ride in on a white horse or black truck and take nat to texas now
i think we all do
wish i could. i lost my wallet on saturday with my dl. today was the only free day i could do it.
oh damn, that sucks!! :( sowiez
if you won a free roundtrip ticket (of any price), where would you go?
bora bora, iceland or italy
the fact that he was interested in honda civics should have been a dead giveaway for radicalization.
honda civic. hillary clinton. "hc." get it? konnekt teh dotz! (how conspiracy theories blossom on the net in 1 easy lesson.)
hell, yes, i finally found one of those at 7/11 this weekend. it was great.
that is where i scored mine. i was planning on eating them w/some belgian quadrupel ale i bought yesterday, but forgot to 'til today
anna, i'd love to say that we'd clinch at home, but i think it will be in oakland!
gonna try to be on hand to watch!
how common is ? we're just on the cusp of understanding genetic variability, but factors=rare.
i am no expert on but i believe variations extremely common cc
so did you leave and come back? or is it your ten year anniversary?
worked five years, left for a year, back for five years today. a week from today is my 11 year industry anniversary.
was i there?
yes. it was the same day that you confused kathy griffin with caitlyn jenner.
where is this????
6th avenue and 14th a minute ago.
"he's not jerking off he's throwing up"
same thing?
ive found a better solution for my needs.
i have soo much room in my closet.
noah syndergaard with two strikeouts in a scoreless first. 0, 0, mid-1
some pitchers actually strike out the side
he's a victim.
their discrimination suit against the city was dismissed! great
it is insane and sad how at first glance the latter seems more scandalous and outrageous than the former.
taking bets on which one you hear more about in the next few days.
how cool!!! report back please
no tomfoolery allowed inside the beacon theater
recruiter: interested in hearing more about company x? me: i'm curious. ok. recruiter blasts resume off to everyone &amp; now my inbox is a mess
god they are fucken vultures! hate dealing with them!
you've been quoted in my story "we declared a higher moral ground "
did you hear we also declared victory for farm workers, domestic workers, and (later that week) night janitors???
awww youre missing san diego weather down here. :p
lol, hawaii weather can probably contest. ;p but i'm kind of looking forward to cold weather. &gt;.&lt;
and in what kind of containers?
they whole place is a mystery.
"if that movie had a face i'd punch it." - on fire at sea
this is why i love going to the movies with you guys
um... i used african black soap.... am i oding if i say i see results after the first time showering with it
love that soap !
me trying to figure out if his texts imply monogamy.
you'll want to get it in writing! implicature is awful slippery.
new york restaurant entrepreneur pleads guilty to ten-year investment fraud scheme and tax evasion
now for god sakes uphold your office and indict any and all in clinton foundation money laundering scheme!
bitch i feel like yachty just give me one night, yeah
and if she gay i told her i'm a fucking dike, yeah
tru u we're trying to take a video not a picture, my bad
she wanted to make sure it everything was heard and seen
i have a feeling we're not going to be hearing about this guy on tv. can't put my finger on it.
or this? repackaged maybe as another "beacon of hope" vomit
i find your way with words invigorating, .
please let do high flying moves to
walk through times square this evening after and felt grateful for the armed presence of our police and enforcement officials
not the way we hope to live, but it's better than the alternative.
try the beta tracker in pokmon go! it's only available in sf so far
not sure how to do that but i have been using go! :d now i'm at my gate though. &gt;_&lt;
refusing to stand
these brave kids' story illuminates the extent of racism in the usa. what real "patriot" threatens kids because use 1st amendment?
when winning doesn't matter..... it's finishing that counts.
i would do the same for my brother or any brit for that matter.
running nginx on mac isn't my preferred. i like working in a linux environment with server-related stuff instead x.x
sadly sometimes that can slow the process down
the fact that this is what constitutes "maturity" for a company of uber's size is insane. they did what they should...
now who will disrupt basic standards of decency
are you surprised hillary clinton is joining in calling for tougher vetting?
grasping at straws!
chicken and waffles always hits the spot. what kind of chicken was it? regular wings? or, were they spicy?
went with southern and some gravy and onions .
can i just take a sec to bless all y'alls feed to show her beauty just thankful to have met her of all people...
she is gorgeous
crap has a lot of subscribers so that would have gained you more exposure to a larger audience
i think everyone has to chill, crap and iron need to talk, i think it's hard times. let's all chill
woman drives into oncoming traffic to avoid going to nj
who wouldn't.
this is the smoking gun. everyone share this story and use
but no one is listening
apparently the boys are being sued in ireland.
your late to the party!
trump finally concedes president barack obama was born in us
brand new tune star
never pay attention to youtube comments. ever
yea i rarely do, unless they're from awesome viewers!
matt kemp for jay bruce and a low-level prospect: who says no?
apologies in advance for this tweet
been trying to get the face scan on 2k17 right for about an hour now
shit is annoying
big recap + more tonight on 7|11 pm...
i love it yassss
a week ago on i successfully pushed giuliani to say that trump believes president obama is legitimate. today, trump admitted it.
giuliani the most disgusting surrogate trump has,ran for president saying the words 9/11 more than any other word
deangelo williams will do whatever it takes to get the steelers to the super bowl.
"if it's to ruin mikes fantasy hopes and dreams, then so be it"
is the famous slice from new york's finest pizzeria, sbarro's?
look, it's one thing to joke about terrorism, but let's not joke about eating at sbarro, ok? people have feelings.
yeah, my point is that, if the tool is changing fast, then it isn't stable yet. you don't build your app on top of quicksand :)
so don't rely on the latest one if you think it's unstable. go with 2 in the wrapper, easy.
but shouldn't there be a long period of discussion &amp; improvement before such an important vote? easier to fix draft than amend.
how would you propose approaching that? i know there was discussion at the last meeting.
so do njudah riders. drivers ignore do not pass laws &amp; routinely try to mow people exiting trains down.
i feel like i'm endangering my life when i exit the train at irving &amp; 9th.
should i go back to league just to get the skins...
that sounds like something koku would say! so creepy! :s
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
loved ur snack poem at florida rally
sorry, joey, i'm calling bullshit on that. the electoral vote elects a president. remember president gore? neither do i.
if you are in state that is in play, then by all means vote for hillary early and often. got it?
you might be interested in this from -
yes, thanks, i've been following that blog for a while.
the fraternal order of police endorsed trump today. i will never give to another benefit as long as i live. police supporting a fascist.
my donation is done as well. and/or the local fop bug me year after year and i give. well no more. little sticker sucks
i think everyone has to chill, crap and iron need to talk, i think it's hard times. let's all chill
i don't know what's going on but i see all the stuff and ppl asking me stuff i can't answer.
oh, i'll bet she's hot.
lol. blue hair and all.
look!!! it's not fair!
he has lethal weapon money boo !
to hillary's dismay delivers a crushing indictment of the chaos obama &amp; hillary have wrought
love his message
sights from a weekend in the woods.
this is terrifying
that's because the bias of the is appalling...
mslsd reflexively takes the most uber liberal position on any issue facts be damned
please tell me more. i'm learning terraform and haven't gotten far enough to find the limits.
punching through variables from modules is incredibly verbose, so verbose we avoid modules when we should use them.
getting my hair done in an hour !!!
lighter im the only opinion that matters go lighter
remarkable, start to finish.
sadder that more than 40% of likely voters support him and eat up whatever toxic views he spews out.
don't shut up or shut down. caption this image in 5 words or less!
from a guy named spock
i only watch people who's never played that game so i can see their reactions
i screamed at this game and almost cried. i should have streamed it.
i think everyone has to chill, crap and iron need to talk, i think it's hard times. let's all chill
talk in private and let's all relax.
3 petrobras must-reads: budget cuts &amp; strike coming? punts
thanks dimitra.
todays best music on wssr radio| dj khaled f. future &amp;amp; jay-z - i got the keys (radio edit) |tunein:
brand new tune star is out now
the new star guardian skins noooooo
they aren't that cool
this brings out the mama hen in this middle-aged woman. what a rotten way for the season to end,
as his mother, i would agree with u! thanks for photo
needs to be cheap
lol nah. i planned for the prices i just needed food. xd they don't feed you on the first flight and everything was closed in hi.
a huge thanks to all who came out last week for the . we laughed, we drank &amp; we met bill murray!
wait, is our shop the only place bill murray wasn't last week?
the forecast has hillary's chances to win under 60% again.
. 's cuckold heart shattered today.
...answering my own question: yeah, it's pretty good (the pilot, at least). and veep is by the same people, but not available in the u.k. :(
you will never watch doctor who the same way again. ;)
the best part of my job is developing someone and seeing them live up to their potential.
this made me smile
eating a sandwich.
ty 4 the impt update
islamist bomber rahami hated gays, bombed gay district in nyc
sounds like the orlando shooter
victim &amp; eye witness affidavits on file in current rape case against trump. why haven't we heard all about this?
rape? what rape? all the rapes?
please tell me more. i'm learning terraform and haven't gotten far enough to find the limits.
the template language is frustratingly incomplete &amp; ad hoc (no conditionals, for instance).
-spaghetti noodles, but close enough to satisfy papyrus's love of spaghetti.]
thank you!!!
i feel you on the severely hate
oh? aight fam..
that sounds like a good order. might work in traffic stops as well. worked with terrorist.
no doubt it should be institutionalized. as should radical retraining on racial profiling.
shes jealous of hillary...
that's b/c her husband alan greenspan caused the 2009 recession. guilt?
wish i could find the other ones so i could relive my glory days of being hip and cool
working at urban outfitters in tampa/tallahassee was considered so cool meanwhile in ny it's akin to working at forever 21
man look if they'd just release ncaa 14 for the ps4 i'd be happy. nevermind an entirely new game.
no chance because of the ed o'bannon lawsuit. ncaa cannot risk another court case or compensation what they consider "amateurs"
semi over this life. just wanna meditate with a plant and a dog :)
nope those 4 walls will drive you nuts trust me
ty 4 the impt update
i make it a priority to keep my fans informed
my son lives in manhattan! thank goodness no one was killed.
really what area of the city does he live?
have a safe trip sweetie!! ^^
thank you dear. &lt;3 so far i'm having a lovely trip! just gotta get through this 11 hour one! x__x
"hillary clinton is a war criminal" twitter got so mad at me last night that my screen still smells like vape juice.
were they sipping on the vape juice or were you setting up your apparatus when you had that simpsons/monocle moment...
wow. people are still doing this? they should have stayed in school. sheesh
i know right? so silly. xd
oh wow! that's pretty sweet! the drone is already equipped with a camera?
yea, this one comes with one.
it's seven weeks until the election and we've only begun to uncover the staggering scope of 's foreign financial conflicts.
how can it be expose without his tax returns?
left side: before hanging with . right side is after hanging out w hunny
what are you trying to say
what's an indie rock-ish sounding song that has 'side by side' sung as part of the chorus? its kinda mopey and depressing and echoey
ebony and ivory
can you send me your contact info so i can look into this?
this is awesome. please continue.
there she is! hi jinni!
hi, yes. i'm tuning in. have a show i love and the evening free. :)
please tell me more. i'm learning terraform and haven't gotten far enough to find the limits.
we change our default ami (we pre-bake all common stuff with packer &amp; ansible) &amp; boom, it wants to rebuild the world.
lmao why you say that?
when she told tommy ghost plan after fucking him like wtf. all he wanna do is be normal for once
has a great piece on &amp; prejudice:
mindlessly created a tale of 2 cities, &amp; so-called ain't as saintly as they think!
clips from today's halftime report
i like it when u make a sharp &amp; clear point, then end with a good ol'..."i'm sure you will agree". and he did.
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
i think it's disgusting how they attack u at the emmys .. it shouldn't be allowed!!!
on this season of making a murderer
this was the best twitter idea manny ever had, loving these
how he gets bail and bobby &amp; rowdy doesn't??
he cant afford that 500k bail bro, his family was trying to evacuate the country this morning as well
i have a real life stalker on campus... and this person does not care at all..
if you be with me you know i'm not dragging it
awesome what part of europe are you coming to?
i can tell you haven't checked my twitter lately. xd denmark!
attacking us or expressed intent to do so is a declaration of war. we don't start, we do finish. ask japan.
? but you just said intent. japan didn't have intent, they attacked. which is it?
.ronald reagan knew hillary was coming to destroy us along w/ obama! will be the answer for america
sometimes genius is just possessing common sense. that seems to be a commodity in short supply these days.
hbd to honor you, here's a lil tbt (2 days ago) when we couldn't figure out how to take a group selfie
i truly love you. which i am telling you online and offline simultaneously
gotta raid tonight if you guys can get on...
i'll be on around 11. i'm at work right now.
wait i just realized i always see that too where is it
on the little road outside of big haus
nyc is dope bc it's the only place where you can actually find an $11 juice
nyc is dope bc it's the only place in the us where u can walk down the street and smell something so horrific that it would make a seal cry
yes. why hasn't given us her list of proposed justices? did.
won't reveal her justice picks before the election because the muslim names will lose her votes!
ted cruz uses recent attacks as a pretext to demand we ban refugees even though the perpetrators weren't refugees
always good to remind people that ted cruz has always been, &amp; will always be, a total asshole.
we're about to play different for girls by dierks bentley / elle king! listen &amp; vote 4 more:
much obliged for playing
i for one, will never want to take a picture on the 10x. looks like 5x software-cropped and blown to twice its size.
always disliked digital zoom. i'll have to play with an actual iphone 7+ to see how anything beyond 2x fares for decent photography
panik, span sit vs. kershaw: 3b nez, lf pagan, c posey, rf pence; cf gorkys, ss crawford, 1b belt, lhp bumgarner, 2b tomlinson
and they will be leading 2-1 with 13 lob going to b9. bring on the bullpen
smoke from at vandenberg air force base will be pushed northward over county into tuesday by south...
the smoke is heavy
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
can't wait . please win
that was only for that daybut i'm trying for the new year def!
i have a smash burger waiting for you next time then.
i am worth 6 potatoes
you're worth 5 potatoes
knew it had a name
what's it name, man?
attacking us or expressed intent to do so is a declaration of war. we don't start, we do finish. ask japan.
nk has intent. yet earlier you said leave them alone. without an attack on, we are just invading. that's not american.
my clayton richard problem just got a turbo boost
just shifted all hammels shares to add to my existing richards and made some nice upgrades... fingers crossed
wait, what? darn kids.
when announced 5pm, 20 minutes later found out plays at the same time. not to mention 8am in temecula on sunday...
.: "if you want change, it's not going to come from []."
bolton chicken hawk who was afraid of serving in military when a young man - yellow
woah. there's an 80% correlation between twitter reaction data and human brain scans. - (would def like to look at that data)
amazing to hear has the budget to run a brain analysis study &amp; compare them to a library of tweets abt brands.
the name and photo of the terrorist came out, is anyone actually surprised? of course not.
was in class and got the "wanted" alert
i make it a priority to keep my fans informed
the assumption that all of your followers are "fans"
todays best music on wssr radio| dj khaled f. future &amp;amp; jay-z - i got the keys (radio edit) |tunein:
brand new tune
strong work jayme!
words can't express how wonderful it is to be able to exercise again &amp; breathe
you look beautiful rn
aww thank you
i really like them on you! perfect autumn/winter look
thank you, i'm trying so hard to not cut off my whole length so i gottta do something lol
riiight and sharia law, which "american muslims" are pushing for, allows such choice, right?
our constitution forbids that. so they can push all they want for all i may not favor any religion
always remember chicks dig when you seem stupid &amp; never call out awkwardness even if that's awkward for you. it pays in pussy to be stupid.
&amp; that's not a bitter statement. i'm sure plenty of females will say dudes are the same way. so put your gender-specific pronouns wherever.
interesting question. what do people see as diversity in the us..as compared to europe?
great question. we framed it as demographic diversity. the us, european countries have seen demo change recently
where is depot located? i'm hoping to volunteer tomorrow morning but not if i can't find it!
sorry about getting back to you so late i hope you found the depot
... modules are something more than "file.tf"?
modules pull in descriptions from other files. opposite of what you think "module" means.
i be feeln hella outta place
right! i didn't know it would be this different!! it's so uncomfortable and weird not being able to relate to anyone
are you surprised hillary clinton is joining in calling for tougher vetting?
she also stole trump's idea to utilize the skills of our people in silicon valley.
safe travels! c: what a nice turtle friend! &lt;3
thank you liz! &lt;3 he's a nice little friend, and very soft! *__*
"our" tax $ (incl. those of american muslim) paid trillions for the iraq war. no anger?
yes l, i am angry. we should have never went there, we should have nuked pakistan instead.
in psychology learning about a mother that would sell her daughter of 6-8 y/o to pedo's that would rape her...
and i get how bad that is and how sickening it is but this one girl will not stfu about it, like if you can't take it leave...
cupcakes in the west kitchen!!!!!!
or the dreaded reply all storm that follows because people want off the mailer...
if i remember correctly was a big fan also
yes! major fan of !
rather get hit in the face with a brick than drink that nasty shit
i'd rather die thank drink that disgusting shit, nothing's worth an hour of straight vomiting
king fall. i got all 3 check points.
is this rise of iron or still ttk?
these console plebs are so dumb they just say keyboard and forget the mouse part.
bro ur so accurate with that keyboard idk how you do it
if you be with me you know i'm not dragging it
i don't even know this persons name or anything...
saw you talk at notre dame 2 years ago (i think?) time flies! are you still giving talks regarding "grittier students?"
hi. i'm sorry but you have the wrong guy. never spoke at notre dame
tim russert was the last real "journo" had &amp; have become fux news in his wake
hoy reid &amp; lawrence o!donnell are great but only them!
basement doors. sometimes i walk on them to feel alive.
i have a hairline fracture because someone opened a cellar door at the exact moment i stepped in front of it.
awesome night celebrating 27 years lawrence_caputo check out these two lovebirds!...
many happy more years together. ur a beautiful couple
when you and your sisters don't know your dad's birthday lmao
lmao!
show where i said that ! so where used those words
when you show me the "hundreds of questions" you asked me. stop the bs. bukhari outweighs anything you have to say on islam.
well that all makes sense. thanks dad!
mum's the word!
i dunno, since the online presence of the org is minimal. but this principle barely touches what was discussed in fora.
i don't know the behind the scenes, but i just figured that in the drafting, there were old-schoolers blocking .... 1/n
these are the seats you get when you get 1500+ favs on a tweet
those are amazing. what did you tweet?
-participate/look down on ppl who participate in loving things in a way that isnt 'cool', actually u are defeating the point.
right like shouldn't it be seen as a way of expressing just how dedicated of a fan u are? like u love this thing so much that u-
does chainsaw listen to that ramones song chainsaw a lot
not voluntarily.
low key want that hash tag to become a thing
were all done for
drjillstein: rt ajamubaraka: for this movement to take shape, for people's lives to be impacted in a real way, we ...
little girl wake the hell up
pres and mrs obama dining out in manhattan at cosme, serving "contemporary mexican-inspired cuisine." dinner menu at
great the royals are on my block in manhattan. i'm directly across from the 13th pcnt.,they can bring the fun:) around 9ish?
one of my roommates is a stoner lol
congrats on the place
the fact the aus runs him is an indictment on that paper.
"the threat of separatism seemed so acute or so visible on the streets of our capital cities." w.t.
i'm the admin and the app isn't there :(
propagation delay? not sure how that works, tbh...
there are - but they are in hiding (ok - just kidding here)
told a 40-something she was pleasantly plump &amp; said she never heard the phrase before!!
don't forget to download before tonight's !
i'm sooo excited
if i see another one i'm suing shit was huge
girl i canttt, im just down the hall from you! you should have them come fumigate maybe
well i'll finish you meant " in debate which i have done! but you are saying about physically ,research my past , y...
i am in ny. come and shut me up muslim. you made the threat....
celibate brothers
saving our selfs for the one
fact: imposes roughly $1,058,000,000 in tax hikes. our plan repeals them all.
what we can do is cut your pension and health insurance policy
barely made my flight and ended up paying a ridiculous amount with another company.
thought you would have made your flight with this bad weather.. :(
subscribe to the for a lousy $8/month and get a free copy of my memoir, "the great good thing"!...
the world falling apart in prolonged and you are pushing books?get back in the st...
terrorist ahmad khan rahami hated gays? i'm shocked!!! **sarcasm**
sounds like the orlando shooter. who is his father?
anyway, i'll be back for , but until then, i'll be in 2004.
my second favorite tv show of all time
hope you have a safe flight
thank you dear!! it's going decently so far, so crossing my fingers for it to continue to do so. &gt;.&lt;
why ralph nader sees potential in a mark cuban presidential bid
then he would be on dancing with the "liars".
hey, i like your app but i can't update my trips \_()_/
trying to edit one built from emails or one you added manually in the app?
i don't know the behind the scenes, but i just figured that in the drafting, there were old-schoolers blocking .... 1/n
...stronger language, and this was the way to get something in. i'm a big fan of consensus building through baby steps, though.
he's dope live
he's playing a half hour from albany for $25 i'm about to go
well that is your version 100 against 1 lol but it is obvious your are being destroyed
so you cannot prove your claim. destroyed? look at all the people who have turned on you. lol
happy to be back in ny!
finish your bio! lol
right like shouldn't it be seen as a way of expressing just how dedicated of a fan u are? like u love this thing so much that u-
-dedicate so much mental energy&amp;time thinking about it. its admirable. i love love love fan theories, even the "ridiculous" ones
always fun at the after party. thank you to &amp; for my gorgeous earrings, bra...
u r just a little too fabulous!
did you see the sunset tho
lmao exactly what my snapchat looks like
hello sunshine!
this is beautiful. we're is this bridge??
i'll view the highlights when they've been uploaded
the whole thing was a highlight
you're the type of person to not stand during the anthem because you live four blocks away from ci and feel oppressed
woah keef who iz u mad at. me or blek ppl.
ok tim it's just pissed me off that he could turn on crap like that i'm like wtf
it's sensitive times. this is why you don't put political shit on your timeline
no- georgia bulldogs will use it
good. except for white city and wembley, i think all the olympics stadiums are still around.
hey remember that one time fall tv was back &amp; i decided to start a new/old show? cool cool good times good times.
oh man! first watch? i wish i could do that again!
felon martha stewart: i'm voting for hillary clinton
yeah martha! they should have kept your ass in jail.
it's hard to stay frustrated at you when you call me "mate"
he is a con artist.
--your just wrong - he is just telling it like it is --america is based on free speech.
were you born this stupid? his kind of free speech? no wonder his supporters including you are
hey becky, it's *you're* &lt;---it means "you are" which is the context i believe you were going for.
i don't need lessons and grammar from a chump like you chump for trump blame siri
help is here! are you having wireless speed issues right now? ^ddd
for long time wireless speeds are very poor . trying to watch netflix &amp; little wheel keeps spinning on screen.
man in texas forced to take down his american flag because it's 'a threat to muslims' -
oh my god! when will this madness stop!
@ steeze for my last rt
hoe i had no control what my name would be
just in: bombing suspect charged with attempted murder in police shootout:
no virgins for him.
can they even do that
im not sure but an ra can probably tell you
the is going to be lit on monday! (also, felicia keys?!?...ahahahah!)
i cannot wait!! .
i'm down either way. it's so boring here and i'm desperate for knowledge
perf. let me get situated and we can facetime forever
lee zeldin, if you do not know what kaepernick is protesting about, then look at the video of the unarmed black man shot by cops in tulsa
if you don't have anything to remedy this, then you're the problem.
really? then how come they want to dominate and push forth a foreign law system in a country with its own laws?
because they have liberty to do that. it's called free speech. they can support whatever they want
that's a great price!! i've seen some go for over $100 so that's not too bad at all +i doubt it will be reissued anytime soon
right? the last pressing was in 2010 and it's almost 2017 lol. i'm considering this a very early birthday present to myself
"since when was the 'r' in toys r us backwards?"
girl since always
starting to be on the same page as you
sounds like me nd
hey becky, it's *you're* &lt;---it means "you are" which is the context i believe you were going for.
don't text and drive blame siri chump
make no mistake this will b another case where fbi ignored scent of terror. khan brothers traveled 2 pakistan in 2013 &amp; fb posts anti-usa
what ever happened 2 the handwritten letter which part of it was in arabic? will they let us know?
obama releasing jihadists against advice of military... by via
obama should be charged with aiding the enemy and treason!!
i'm holding about 21 grudges but i guess i have enough room for 3 more for the rest of my life
come to brooklyn when i'm moved into my basement
more clinton shenanigans in haiti
they will rot in hell for taking advantage of those ravaged downtrodden people.
not yet. and the add on kits are crazy too. this is one item we need to figure out for sure.
**ponders starting company**
how's the lay over going? glad you're safe until the longer one
sooo well. *_* &lt;3 i usually have like 5-10hr layovers so 2,30hrs is so pleasant. xd almost about ready to board actually! :o
you &amp; me both!! i missed a copy on ebay like three months ago &amp; it's still haunting me
lmao now i know who i'll be fighting against if i ever do spot a copy
a5. biggest question...can we trust this source
how do you teach ss reliability / bias of source?
ou corners are a j9 tonight
i hope yall to new
happy birthday brandon!
thanks, rodrigo!
a week ago on i successfully pushed giuliani to say that trump believes president obama is legitimate. today, trump admitted it.
@ rudy giuliani if it were not for me there would still be a mafia. gone? thanks.
writer's block or procrastination? you decide.
wizard's curse
might as well be the same thing
don't oppress my ppl with ur words. blek livers mattur.
how can you be a well-known magazine writer and not know that what you're saying has been the dominant media discourse from the past 4 years
i am reminded of how he wrote that trump was a tyrant in april of this year
is awesome and i sincerely hope it becomes more than just .
it's really not just though. all vulnerable users of paved public spaces need the protection of law enforcement.
this is so depressing zach, holy shit
that's my brand
shit they're on to us
cringe comp
lol that's embarrassing to ask
want me to ask for you?
again, muslim americans exist. so obviously there are plenty to share culture. and they speak english.
the refugees we are bringing in do not speak english. what made the man in nj bomb us when he was here from age 8? why?
ahah was only joking around about the tweet but we got a insane deal on them
i was going to say it must have been the most impressive tweet ever lol. either way you should like and say it was a tweet prize
find some foooood
i did! :d thank you! haha. they'll feed me on the next flight too so that's awesome! ^__^
when mom says dinner is ready
sheesh cud of really got hurt but he seemed happy af after and licked the camera lol
one last year at : heads for grand finale
they let us use one of these images of saturn for our "planets don't twinkle" album.
you should absolutely keep talking about health issues while sporting 0% calf definition
looks like this bermensch loathes leg days.
they can start an august club: journalists in favor of criminal prosecution for our sources
what is the motive for them doing this? based on your book it would be favor with the government? is that it?
dang. i need some sort of college football game in my life. this has gone long enough.
can still update the rosters of ncaa 14 or college hoops 2k8 if you have a ps3 or 360 thanks to the dedicated fans of the game.
every time i get a "critical" update from ms office or java, it's never oh boy new features, nope it's how did they leak my info this time
. right on cue.
geez. rt : legs folded
future limbo champion
having a blast in ! today i've visited the natural history museum, walked through central park under the rain and tested vr devices :)
and tonight we're just chilling with a cocktail at a jazz club
dx had the best entrance song, eva
i was thinking the same thing
trade controversy on today's show! you can jump to the discussion on youtube here: and then come back &amp; vote
how is this even up for discussion. trade stands. fantasy football is not a college campus "safe space".
ttk, but if you haven't raid challenge done get the 2 shaders/emblems/ships
okay. i'll shoot a message when i get home
when you find out that is coming to the bay
we out!!!
damn that's cactus dry
wait whats cactus dry !?!
kind of. gov spending is up. but gov spending can't completely supplant general spending.
oh? table 1, baby. we just need an enemy.
elizabeth? or orlando?
both, all i know i have not met you yet .
bc she probably twerks. it's cool to have ass, but knowing how to move it really sells it
lmao who would wanna see that twerking not me
thank you for reading!
figured you might enjoy this:
if you ever wanna really mess yourself up emotionally, listen to the last five years on a mostly empty plane as the sun sets
the next ten minutes...
this is the most reddit thing i have ever read
not enough broken arms
but i do agree those 4 ladies were and still are talented
and beautiful. my favorite was the one who played q's gf in juice.
they are pushing for it &amp; won't give upthey want to conquer the world &amp; turn it into a cesspool,like where they came from!
again one thing is for them push sharia and a very different one that it will become state law.
as has how to make a tweetstorm work, incidentally
who made that? was thinking of making one
brings promise of jobs, security &amp; prosperity to black community. hopes to pull much more than 10-15% of black vote.
i guess potus is worried. you heard him tell some in the black community that if they vote for him it would be an insult.
israel's wanton killings, closures and raids bring violence to palestinian communities
daily struggle for human rights and human dignity
your so sweet wanda where do you live in us &amp; are you affected by this muslim invasion?? we are basicaly taking in terrorists
i live in a rural area in chautauqua county called mayville n.y.. its farm and fishing country here.
thoughts on the show? suggestions? tomorrow we take a look at the latest with obamacare and what lies ahead. have a good night!
hey brenti sell obama care in cathe cost keeps increasing i've had several people did not to take new jobs to keep subsidy
alright mate, we are ahmadi muslims, so in regards to religious war, we are pacifists
liar. ahmadis fought an armed jihad against the gov't of india.
woo hoo! robert's coming!!!
so happy i got to see you!
imagine if blacks were just as outraged over black on black violence
here's the trumpster
no. i have to shave it off.
do you think maybe you might end up with ? omg that would be rad! hurry shave!!! haha
ykwd will be live tomorrow night at 9pm with &amp; guests come hang dudes!!
wow! can't wait to hear all of those personalities together!
aargh can't open article but book sounds brilliant! (and hi sarah, this is sam by another name - i've morphed!)
omg you're writing now?! congrats! cannot wait to read!
is currently experiencing departure delays between 15 mins and 29 mins due to tm initiatives:mit:wx
departure delays are no longer in effect for
don't throw your vote away! instead, take political advice from a guy who writes dick jokes about a dog and a baby.
sorry - i take my political advice from dilbert.
are you even a choice? you're not listed in the keywords... :/
that's a good question! i was hoping so, since "what's your favorite hobby - videogames" was a question :d
wtf happened. everyone's blowing up about fursuiters with their heads off? who gives a fuck
"oh shit, we don't have anything to complain about. quick, make something up that doesn't affect anyone at all."
today, i wish an happy 35th wedding anniversary to my amazing parents. so beautiful to see them still in love after so many years together.
that's awesome i hope your parents had a good anniversary
dude, they go all out! :-| better than a kick in the groin, i suppose.
it's a pretty generous card. i'm pleased with it.
so we arent playing you?
no the admins are a piece of shit giving the other team the w lol
idea. just get cruise ships to do your fonops
china at least differentiates within mil and civ fon. would be interesting to see non-fishing civ vessel w/in 12nm though
are you even a choice? you're not listed in the keywords... :/
and is my publisher lol and the paperback came out this week so i better be in there ;)
tonight on de mitch unrein &amp; his olympian wife take me to the range!
great piece! congrats corey, and thanks for representing the usa!
uh..easy: you vet the parents. what a stupid non-point. you people are desperate aren't you?
not desperate at all. you have no clue on how a 7 y.o. will be 21 yrs later just looking at parents.
she's only 11
lmao she legit did nothing but move in awkward motions for the first 10 sec and pep went nuts lol what
feel like theres something problematic in the phrase "women stop oppressing other women" but i can't figure out what it is
somehow still puts the blame on women. "you would be powerful if you wouldn't stop oppressing each other"
they are pushing for it &amp; won't give upthey want to conquer the world &amp; turn it into a cesspool,like where they came from!
laws favoring any religion over others are unconstitutional, a gross violation of the 1st amendment
there are - but they are in hiding (ok - just kidding here)
grew up on rubens paintings as a chile:
sunny skies, lead to cool flights. wheels up. ^jr
shades down.
now i'm listening to it on the bus ride home.
keep it secret light it mate
no the admins are a piece of shit giving the other team the w lol
good luck i guess. make me feel better with a follow back tho?
if calls our professor a daddy one more time...
tell her to knock it off
i'm not sure if i want the 7 or to wait for 7s
i think they gonna go straight to the 8. it's the 10th anniversary of the iphone
yo i took the same pic what's up
a lot of people probably have tbh
did you know september is ? stay safe year-round with these tips from :
thank you for your support of california . we are raising rail safety awareness statewide.
apparently amazon totally sold out of drawing blood. luckily has six signed copies
wow wow! congrats!
yikes! well, we hope the car looks great, if you're ever looking for a different spot to wash, we'd love to have you!
thanks for the tweet. i'm always in mountain view- good for me to remember you guys!! appreciate it.
what y'all think about this?
fucking needs to happen bro
ooooo i hope you can get sleep for the rest of it so you don't have to be anxious at all
aww thank you. &lt;3 i slept on the first trip so i hope i can sleep. haha. otherwise they have tons of movies. ^.^
where* $10*
you need to get creative to stay under 150 character count. - $ can go anywhere $10$- don't worry
can we go see the dinosaurs?
that whole show is built to destroy us all. "i'm climbing up hill, daddy, climbing uphill."
me gust un video de de david lynch - the dusty wright show
thanks for sharing.
wow you've done better than me. my shower was on the 10th and i still haven't done anything
i couldn't look at it, im in complete nesting mode
iniesta is getting older, could pulisic slide into that spot? - join the conversation, 877 629 4614.
what spot is that? what do they have in common, football?
how does plan to respond tonight on to 's attack?
i know is not gonna allow roman to call her a loudmouth.
wow -- what a great looking meal! what did you all grill up?
some ribs and italian sausage....delicious!
i'm working on it
no calf definition is a tell-tale of the bermensch.
sand hill road, palo alto office space ~25% more $$$ than 5th ave nyc
seems to only be midtown centric tho. to would be meatpacking/soho/hud sq/flatiron. alibaba deal &gt; triple digit rents
the lump is officially gone!!
wow! here is to a speedy recovery jeff. ball is in your court
heather mac donald just labeled the call for reigning in the militarization of police a "libertarian meme"- okay.
first time i've been called libertarian. where do i get my id card?
noah syndergaard threw 10 pitches in a perfect first inning. he hit 100 mph. he seems to be on point tonight against the braves.
you're a jinx
ummm excuse me bitch? as colors are trash hole green and mustard yellow. fight me!
wussup bitch square up talking all that masa when i'm minding my damn business over here
it's not "rhetoric" to call two conmen conmen. stop blaming liberals for pastor mark lying.
you put words in my mouth-i did no such thing-you brought up so i countered with hrc lies
i liked a video from anas mitchell one-take - "our lady of the undeground"
thanks for watching.
i stand with the police! cops are also humans... if you think you can do better, become a cop!
they did much better with the nyc bomber who actually shot them
go chicago bears!!!! beat the eagles!!!
if i hear the eagles chant one more time today....
home made sweet potato fries made by me!!!!
i had every intention on doing that today too!!....however mine are still in potato form... :op
hardworking loyal guys deserve freaky girls that can cook
you tell em
(awaiting verbal explanation as to why you sent us an angry dog on a chain)
that's dusty on the ranch and i turn him loose on friday night, kenny knows.
new ios update is
right?? everyone said they didn't like it but i love it
nope i been celebrating the journey to 30 since september 1st.. i kicked it off in paris.
lol whattt i'm so lost i feel bamboozeled
i remember that experience. they lost an up-sale that day
the gate agent said that it was supposed to be allowed today.
a stressed brain can't learn. here are 3 ways calm the stress response:
an additional benefit from squeezing your body and holding for 10 seconds is to both reduce stress and it also builds bone.
let's go starts in less than thirty minutes! get your paddles folks!!
aww so excited it's gonna be a great show tonight
you convince people who think that balancing national budget is like a checkbook to spend more money.
were you around during the bush administration? same actors, same playbook.
i've been trying to reconnect w ppl from the past and its failed every time guess that's my sign to stop
never goes how u want it to lol
i bought pens i'm real happy
buy me pens mine are running out of ink
i liked a video from bert jansch one-take - "blues run the game"
thanks for watching.
fifa 16 is over for me, 5 disconnects in seasons. not long now until fifa 17. hopefully we can carry over the same...
that is some serious dedication. i saw in your video you said 10 hours of practice a day when come out . gg
i agree i stay away from religion and politics on here tim it's a minefield
yeah times right now are pretty tough, lots of stuff needs to be hashed out . need to stop all the hate
uh..easy: you vet the parents. what a stupid non-point. you people are desperate aren't you?
ever hear conservative parents having lib kids or vice versa?
thank you for always protecting me and being the best big brother/bestfriend ever.
is this photo shop
clearly the police were right, what tipped them off the vacation in afghanistan?
isn't that where he was born??
true but i gave my ps3 to my parents when i got the ps4. i'm living on memories here
i saved my old 360 just to play those games and nfl 2k5. gamestop sells the ps3 and 360 for under $100 these days.
who said i liked bush? he was a failure. bill was a failure. obama is the biggest failure of them all combined.
the land is thriving where i live so unless you can provide proof i'll have to continue being gullible. thanks.
lol this collection of iphones silver 6s plus, black 7, space grey 6s, rose gold 7 plus
i see you save money by wearing toms.
uh oh. which one is that?
presidio clear.
brandon manning gets to have his cut off in prison. obama gives traitor what he wants not what he deserves.
and we pay for it. we are left holding the bag, sort of speak.
no way congrats! which one?
lol right?! im gonna be a shift supervisor at the one by east union in the raleys parking lot and thank you!
but you're sleeping beauty.
this is tru
soho still has the range
i'm telling you guys this is the garden of delights
i did; other people have done a better job though, i just hijacked twitter's "polls" because i'm not a good designer
oh is this a mockup?
how was your monday?
are u gonna watch team north america tonight mister cinco?
want to make american great again? sell , &amp; cokie roberts to putin's
this'll be 's new , ! 's !
i don't think can handle trump and his lies. they will just be allowed to 'be out there.'
nbc's andrew lack, zucker and the crew has this debate rigged for trump. shame!
as am i, which is why i worry about rush to vote that sets things into stone. so many people had no input/idea this was coming.
that's fair; an open comment could have been nice. wonder if the rush is that saa thinks they need sthg, anythg in curr. clim.
why is everyone talking about him? (not blocked want a message passed?)
because i think people are discovering that he's blocking people at random
charmed children of rookskill castle by "is haunting &amp; magical. it was food for my imagination!" - gf
thank you guys!!! i grew up in hinsdale! &lt;3
somebody, push me on a , please ! meet me here
i'm down, 3some?
i agree i stay away from religion and politics on here tim it's a minefield
respect ppl religion respect ppl beliefs , that's why i play videogames, to get away from the bs
nail decals of emery board material or fine grade sandpaper
made of the emery board of an evil broad on the emeryville school board
seriously i can't wait for
omg me either!! pop corn is firing up!!
huehuehue yah just need to get some furniture here! :)
highly overrated, our housewarming involved people eating cake on cushions in the parlor
its not false. why are you lying?
there is proof of tv interviews where trump. favored war. why are you being stupid. he lies &amp; you believe him
. you make your own or procure one through free exchange. jesus. not sure you're cut out for this.
well - i mean, we should assure that the id cards are proper quality before sell...oh nevermind.
do i look like a field of corn? because i just got crop-dusted so hard my hat blew off.
what. the. fuck.
huehuehue yah just need to get some furniture here! :)
just need cake. :)
never mind mcsg is down fuck
and badlion crashed and wont go back online wtf dfkjgnfdklghlszdh;fg;ljsoi nmkj i was having fun
ayo someone come to penn state and jump my roommate, will pay good money
i'll pull up. your roommate and i will jump you, and we take the money too
i've noticed this issue too!!
the renovated amc theaters i often take my nieces to don't even seen to have black masking curtains anymore. it's maddening
bacon wrapped grilled cheese!
right up your alley !!!
it's difficult. i usually use nazi propaganda to show bias. ss have a better understanding but it is difficult.
propaganda is always highly engaging and effective
more specific: dumbest was firing harbaugh and believing in their hearts that tomsula was a better coach. this is w...
i wanted to believe that york learned his lesson from nolan-singletary-harbaugh trio, then was wrong when he tabbed tomsula
hahahah stop what is it
it's so plain it's just the planets she's just butt hurt since i didn't tell her
you mean there's a lego figurine for ?
one day maybe! ;-) we will see what i can get approved. ;-)
it's 6:30 pm. why do i really want breakfast right now?? like pancakes or french toast with maybe some fruit + bacon...
update: cooked myself some french toast for dinner.
i'm supposed to be reading but instead i'm on twitter... and facebook... and snap... and insta.... and basically anything that isn't reading
welcome to college girlie
i'm not asian but i get told that a lot
when you delivering my iphone?
our game is so cute now! it's nice to have an artist on board so i can concentrate on design + ui + code.
this is cute beyond words!
.: must "build trust between law enforcement and muslim american communities."
must build a bridge between you and prison!
wish i had his @ name
sorry guys i'll keep it down
so i ain't apart of this? bet
dude if your down we outtt
rt that thing is huge
nice dig papi i loved i want new york
bitch, a somali muslim just gave people a religious test before stabbing them. we had 3 bombings in 2 days. you're...
someone should smack some sense into that bitch.
girl that made no sense lol
*throw out .. my cousins been tweeting
yes you are amazing
thank you! yea i'm not worried about them
making me more hyped for the album
i've been at peak excitement since i first heard when it rains.
you gotta stop frontin on twitter like we ain't each others zaddy
lol but she's my baby
e.g. what sort of stuff should one be able to do? e.g. if i can x, then i'm ready. you know?
the constructs of the javascript should not be new to you. e.g. loops, functions, variables
do you happen to have the exact address?
8568 bustleton ave philadelphia, pennsylvania 19152 :)
i don't recall such event occurring
i'd like to think that some people would disagree with you, elvis.
how strategic goal setting facilitates success
accomplishing goals builds self esteem. set goals -use an excel sheet to set goals using sentences that start with a verb.
lolz. i'm the drosophila connoisseur who invited last time around.
its a start. next hit up
join myself and the team for live qanda!
where is the live q&amp;a bloomingdales 9/22 @ 2:00?
that's fair; an open comment could have been nice. wonder if the rush is that saa thinks they need sthg, anythg in curr. clim.
long discussions could result in delays on the org having anything whatsoever to say on harrassment &amp; discrimination.
i'm also looking forward to the tedium and errors in doing a true blue/green deployment.
we haven't tried to crack that nut yet. we're mostly trying to use terraform to automate aws setup: security groups etc.
that's 5.2 million bro lmao and but still rowdy and bobby woulda had their bail paid!!
yeah but for bail you only have to put up 10%, nd bond the rest. bobby and rowdy were convicted of 1st degree lol
wanna know who makes me happy? does
ok but same.
look. i know cats get hurt. but there's plenty of teams that don't have star players on the ir every year. i'm sick bro
yea shit has to be frustrating as a fan
and badlion crashed and wont go back online wtf dfkjgnfdklghlszdh;fg;ljsoi nmkj i was having fun
to be honest i just wanted to play 1.7 ;-;
my friend said his "marriage was a prison." i don't believe him because he's not reading or working out.
if he walks with a limp, cut him some slack. he could be dragging the "ol' ball and chain" haha!
nikes, ivy, pink + white, nights, solo reprise, white ferrari &amp; siegfried
nights is my fav on the album, i also love pink + white, solo, self control, and pretty sweet
that's your explanation? because they have free speech?
yes liberty, free speech is sacred to me. i defend everyone's right to believe what they want no matter how much i disagree.
oh is this a mockup?
i was thinking of learning js &amp; react native for the purpose of making a tweetstorm app
shit is
thanks marsh much appreciated
kt pls. the fashion bloggers are disgusted.
now is ur time 2 shine, ktrod
if you do you need to get rid of it ur wasting money
it's mandatory so i don't think i can
really don't know why people are making jokes about the bombs in nyc. it's not funny and never will be.
this is why i hate new york. people think they're so tough until tragedy affects them.
looking forward to it!
here we go!
. signs aipac letter telling obama not to support oppressed palestinians at the un
warren in israel's bag ever since becoming a politician, betrays what are supposed to be our values
happy birthday
thank you so much i appreciate it
do i continue working the early morning shift of working a later night shift? am management is better, but pms can maybe have a social life?
i say go for pm just for the social/life benefits, unless the management is considerably worse.
i literally can't listen to nobody needs to know or if i didn't believe in you without crying
important question: did you see the movie???
um... i used african black soap.... am i oding if i say i see results after the first time showering with it
na it's literally that great
we are only 3 weeks into the school year and i'm already sick.. like i need more excuses to skip class
u have class 2x a week
the constructs of the javascript should not be new to you. e.g. loops, functions, variables
also, if you're doing the workshop, be forewarned my notes are messy at this point. i need to go clean it up.
andrea is a joke. peak in reagan yrs came from allegedly banging bud mcfarlane. been a laughingstock for years.
needs to go.
i feel like you're just better off choosing a demonstrably basic name than trying to be original bc this is what happens
rick hertzberg's kid is called wolf and he can't help but be cool.
proud to announce my commitment to play college hockey northeastern university. thanks to everyone who has helped along the way.
congrats bud
entomologists! what is this? i found it scurrying on me. just want to make sure it's not anything dangerous (tick?)
it looks like it has 8 legs from the picture. no idea if it's dangerous but it doesn't seem to be an insect/tick
trump is arguing that his hard line on immigration is the "pro-immigrant" position because it protects immigrants already here.
bot when he said they'd all be deported, even their children born here.
2:30pm: became a car owner for the first time since 2007. 9pm: aggressively tailed by icpd until the cop found a different car to pull over.
would like to see a pic of your new car tho
trying to decide when to take nap when to stream ahhhh thinking we will start around 10 pm pacific time. going down memory lane with raids.
well i'm about to sleep see you then 3am est that's when i awaken and have my morning iron rise for desti...
long island flavor to be featured among nassau coliseum vendors cbs new york
they have no local hockey team...or an arena big enough to have one...so who is going there to eat?
help me think of reasons to get lewis to give a ride to krispy kreme. in piratenglish please.
arr, thar be great booty to gain from sailin' over there, 'tis a most fortuitous plot o' land to travel to, do he be needin' a map?
did guliani just say he had a city to save? pardon me rudy, we didn't need you saving us. nyc survived despite you.
we saved ourselves while rudy giuliani fawned for the cameras.
was there really a nice sunset if everyone didn't post it to snap??
was there really a nice sunset if someone didn't tweet about everyone putting it on snap??
well that looks about as unprocessed as it gets. right on.
yeah i couldn't fathom they would add that to colored corn syrup.
as if being sick wasn't bad enough, someone just backed into me in my neighborhood
like with their car?!?!?
parking advice: you'll be ticketed and towed. lew blum, a morbidly obese, hostile sociopath, will reject your futile pleas outside town.
... this was a flashback from philly. in east bay it's berry brothers. they're in good shape as it's west coast after all.
did we go in the county store?
this is not the bread store, it's the one a few doors down we stopped in a few times i think
we need to use our skydiving passes we bought last year already! lol ahhhhhhh
lmao oh shit you right
what the what
the rebel army had higher per capita enthusiasm than the union army as well.
a there are no cards and b we expect every homeowner to have a decent amount of home defense capabilities
so moats are a libertarian meme?
"millions."
straight out of the breitbart book of statistics
gop voters think this way. gop congress &amp; senators have been intentionally injuring economy for electoral purposes.
remember when they just focused on bringing home the bacon?
current polls have trump receiving 15-23% black vote nationally. highest black #'s of any republican in over 50 yrs!
really news glad to have them in our basket!!
well that looks about as unprocessed as it gets. right on.
and if they did they deserve my money for their guile.
recorded parts of the q&amp;a, not sure what the quality is like yet but i'll post anything good
can't wait to see what you have. :)
hillary mia until debate: so is she giving up, or mailing it in?
she is going back to bed. cant hack it
i think it goes beyond the kkk, although supremacy may be the roots.
saw a documentary about 10 years ago on how kkk was infiltrating police forces.
from the beginning team clinton has rigged the system against the people. won't work this time. our movement will overcome special interests
i will not watch mnf tonight or ever again. when will everyone realize they are americans and the usa is in trouble. team us
happening now: i'm live w talking about trump's violent language &amp; why he's unfit to be president. watch on
i love you mr. murphy, i just can't stomach rudy. i had to turn. you are an awesome surrogate for hrc.
imagine u r body searched everytime u go out every day tht cld b couple times! now put urself n palestinians shoes...
creepy hands
incredible crowd at 's rally in fl today! this is the movement!
if isis really wants attention, that would be the place to blow up.
moonlight like a unicorn. why doesn't it need oscar-hyping? people need to see it period.
i don't know how to respond to what you think i'm implying unless you tell me what you think i'm implying.
q5: who is acting? who is benefiting? who is in jeopardy? what are the players' motivation?
excellent guiding qs!
there are a limited number of advertisers per show, so ads may repeat. updating: helps add variety.
ooh thank you. i will do that bc i swear it's the same damn commercials lol
but baseball is playing first today. i'm just gonna go buy some meth.
meth can help short term but trust me the crash is hard
lol no way. i couldn't do it. i get claustrophobic. walmart already stresses me out
oh ye. this was standing room only but the people watching was by far the best ever
well now i have seen it all. someone brought a dog to a movie!
unless you mean anthology, this happened at two theaters tonight
louisiana cop arrested after he's filmed kicking handcuffed suspect
byb bye dickhead... i hope you get rapeed in jail
invest in yourself
or in con4 haha :)
the voting age should be lowered from 18 to 16. 16 and 17 year olds should have the right to help determine our future.
. why only 16? 14 or fight baby! and let's put everyone over 30 in camps! max frost for president!
anyone down for industry cup? need another guy for our team
when is it?
i start work tomorrow so goodbye social life that i didn't have anyway.
take money buy things on etsy
the eagles fans are the scum of the earth just like bosux and cheatriots fans lol
yes they are bro lol!
what happened to the hotlist, is everyone gonna have to sign up for incident dashboard ?
that's what it looks like.
it was a product, but i didn't release it
whaaaaa why not!
just downloaded tfe (still feels weird to say that a/b a book). can't wait to read.
the physical version is soo beautiful. but the story in any form will captivate you
enter that comp on his page to win tickets &amp; use that as the reason you should win!
i would but i can't afford air fare or the hotel costs right now. i hope someone that's never been able to see rob wins.
i know he loves himself, but getting very excited by his own reflection there... photo from
go away for three weeks and reflect on the situation, they said. so that's just what he's doing!
safe to say you're ready, you're ready, you're ready?
definitely ready to sit in the middle of my own lounge room and cry because it's mine
heres a pretty good microcosm of what went wrong yesterday. zone cutback, flat conflict, passive lb play.
maybe lb was playing for the play action
and she is riding the emery-go-round
my favorite public transit, close match with the presidigo
i won't lie i'm tempted to do it just to laugh at how stupid easy shooters become`
imagine setting up at cod champs next year and you request a whole desk to use lol
i do not agree. get over it and stop insulting those who don't hold your world view.
it's not a world view libby it's a harsh reality coming to main street usa if you haven't noticed. but i guess you're ok w/that?
it's so refreshing 2see america waking up standing tall &amp; openly supporting trump despite msm hollywood &amp; dc's cont'd attempt 2brainwash us!
we support trump because of the msm and asshole actors.
are you sure about that? what do you really know about him? but you have a right to vote for whom ever
i will write in . bernie is my choice. i hope others will align with me and do the right thing.
the movie is... okay... ish
it's def median. i just need to talk about it... it didn't destroy anything but it's definitely a take.
yep, and if they can't do it on the gate. no win.
i just don't want to be pinned in the middle seat. i see the promised land
clearly,u needed that surgery to move forward, &amp; you're doing so...spectacularly!
most definitely! thankful
this guy had his hands up when he was shot and killed.
not even a suspicion of a crime; a disabled vehicle
chris wants to please his republican bosses apparently.
why i turned it off
tyvm: 4the + 4the + 4the
tyvm; 4the &amp; + 4the
mitch we should start a salad tossing class
lmfaooo . that bacon egg&amp; cheese special
we have more deer than school children in . at this rate we will be paying hunters in ten years.
it is scary there are so many deer-same here in nj-no natural predators to keep their numbers down.they starve in winter
homie next to me tryna make conversation + i hit him w the silence + he assumed i dont speak spanish + left me alone
ima start pretending i'm deaf to get niggas to leave me alone, finna hit them w the hellen keller.
btw, my mom is so much better. she's finally home:)
oh that's great!
"tipping point for trump?"
trumpty dumpty sat on a wall....
please contact us at 1-800-654-3131 to modify the reservation. - richard
we're all good! no need to cancel anything
happy birthday to the worst big sister ever
thank you little sissss
what did you all think of the official trailer? :
i can't wait i'll leave you a comment on ur twitter after i see the movie
upgrading from tvland to hbo's getting on. it's great that she's getting these gigs. but stay humble
black media was checking for niecy, when mainstream paid her dust. not a good look.
funny you mention it. i just got it, but typing in the box didn't send keystrokes to the tv.
update. today's remote app update fixed this. the feature rocks.
i want to know do it take guys longer to get there act together or what or y'all just get to comfy think she won't leave ? guys only answer
if we genuinely want you..you won't even have to wonder because we will put our best foot forward from jump intentions clear
for a second there, i thought you had visited ingen on isla nublar.
yeah for real. half the reason i bought it.
came up with a new word that i would've become president for in 2010 swagknowledgment: (n) acknowledging someone for having severe
we didn't have an election in 2010 though
have one. won't last 10 years. going on three years and i'd guess maybe two more left in it.
let us know and we'll be sure to get it mended for you, free of charge
just found this. why do we look like the hardest boy band ever?
that's how it starts for some boy bands lol
noah syndergaard leaves the bases loaded in a two-run, 35-pitch second inning. 2, 0, mid-2
game over, these bums aren't going to score on a guy with an era over 8
didn't get anything
i'm saying dm me it won't let me send you one
ah, in that case *thumbs up* - at my current employer, amazon card = $25 by default. i fail for assuming.
this was a bit more than that. on top of good benefits and all that. i'm treated well.
if the avengers was made using today's comic lineup, it would have five women and one black man as its leads....
and very quickly it would replace scott lang ant-man with raz malhotra giant-man. :)
this is halfway there
this gif has given a lot of people mistaken ideas of how the subway developed
when you're down and all you want to do is eat your weight in comfort food.
all food comforts me
did you decide to close them all? or do you want to see how far you can take this?
i didn't realize they were open, and closed 'em all.
even so the fashion of this is chilling
agreed. these cases need to be prosecuted.
my tweet has been misquoted blame for killings of 17 soldiers lies on modi who went to hug sharif in was birthday gift from pak
. what a moron youre...shame on you ..
didn't they fix this in 8? i thought they fixed this.
well i'm on 8 and it's not fixed. :)
doesn't matter that he's playing the best ball of his career, his team is still 0-2.. that's all that matters.
so again playing well and being on a losing team keyword team takes away from him playing well who's your team btw
here are the best non penalty goal (total) league seasons since 06/07.
that dani guiza season!
also hate that i actually have to press home button and not just touch it. touching only unlocks, doesn't leave lo...
go to settings / general / accessibility / home button / rest finger to unlock.
do u have still good deals??gotta buy it soon
ya got alot and will take care of you big time maybe i can do it in studio and you can have help decide
apparently , , &amp; want my personal info. what would you like? height? shoe size?
i think those are spam accounts.
i just checked my credit score like 2 weeks ago and that shit was low. and i got a letter today and that shit went up by 200 points lol
did you get accepted for a card?
.: how do you stop the process of radicalization? rudy giuliani: 1) say radical islamic terrorism &amp; initiate voice of america
lol.. abracadabra. ala kazaam. hocus pocus. nothing up my sleeve. presto!
the world needs u
and you as well
everyone in ny* every girl in ny*
it's important to remember that muslim harassment skyrockets after events like these, making them more vulnerable in public
got my all set up &amp; sent you a friend request &amp; have mongo with my new mobile
that's cool to see you have joined. see you there!
no better way to leave home than by getting in a workout in with your high school at your old high school
i meant high school coach
i'm not going to share that video of being murdered by how can they possibly spin this one
. then i remember oh right
did one of them 2 bar on ur host
no. all they did was report they won and the got advanced after we posted proof maybe they posted fake proof?! no clue
that's your explanation? because they have free speech?
i will never sacrifice liberty over security
replying to tweets from notifications so fye
so when you letting me get that iphone?
i'm looking for the best business and productivity apps for a big feature i'm working on. it's for a major tech publication.
i am growth hacker for we have growth intelligence platform to grow mobile apps
jimmy fallon offers up weak excuse for chummy trump interview
but i wouldn't expect to go too hard into politics with that moron.. that's just now who jimmy is on air
i still think the mania match really knocked ambrose's confidence in himself. he hasn't been the same since.
i dunno, i think he's been a little more confident, despite losing the belt. i just think he's slowly working his way...
this ain't a , if a cop fucks up &amp; shoots u he's not gon call 4 help, stay w. u &amp; talk u through the pain, youll die alone
yo, why the fuck do cops even call for back up if the'are just going to let off shots anyway?
shout out to mexican food.
this how i know you're from sd
na ur suppose to vape the salts bro
this guy knows how to party
did you know systemd has a custom-coded xml parsing engine
a good linux
i wonder why she mentioned this pre-eviction..
cause she doesnt want to be without him
nice for you to be able to vote in a more 'swing state' than ca during presidential election yr
more of a swing state, yes, bt a real swing state, definitely not. pretty locked in, so the vote still feels a little futile
join my lobby when you the stfu
no cause i get bitched at for no reason
i still think the mania match really knocked ambrose's confidence in himself. he hasn't been the same since.
...back to being the true lunatic fringe self that he needs to be.
yeah i knew it wasn't the bread store but pescadero is small so i figured we probably went in here
i'm not sure we ever bought anything from them
gotta be hard on these lil kids today. my sis gonna ask me a "?" &amp; when i ask her to answer it she gonna say nm i'll google it. .. i snapped
like you 12. you can't fucking think? google what?! child this why i can't do kids.
people say this about me all the time. &amp; im perfectly ok with that.
same here. it's who i've been since i was younger
this is good, but sadly: 1) no west side store references 2) drill isn't a subgenre of marching bands.
i wonder if machine gun regs are a place blm decrim efforts could collaborate w/ nra.
my legs r big and my shorts ride up i'm singled out for being a little heavier in the legs it's the worst
that's pure shit the next time they do that just tell me and i'll walk by and just whip my bra at em or something smh
america has never made progress by thinking one person alone can fix our problems.
and america cant move forward when the president and hos sec of state are bought and paid for by special interests
there are so many pretty grayson girls and then there is me :((
don't say that. you're beautiful,too.
every non believer on the planet, as the qaran states, many many times. keep that head buried, working well so far.
come on curt, listen to the mayor of libtardia there. love the psycho enemy, let them cut off our heads.
you won't believe jason kelce's beer pong trick shots
indie music, magic, hunting, what a melting pot howie has put together
me and my friend (i'm the white guy)
black and white coming together.
could've gone down differently. poor judgement by cop to use gun? possibly. also don't casually flee when being arrested.
arrested for what? his car broke down.
watching a cupcake wars judge refer to a type of cupcake frosting as "childish," wondering if he knows cupcakes are practically baby food
i'm surprisingly irritated by this middle-aged englishman smugly criticizing a cupcake for not being mature enough
you wouldn't. you would racially profile his parents and say "oh, you're not a fit for the country. bye!"
islam isn't a race. it's a backward, oppressive, violent, political ideology. extreme vetting is smart. keep 'em out!
empire is lit
don't tempt me
. jihadist and fitbit are. the other two are angry ppl who blocked me.
you'd think they'd come up with more original names.
no is that just a similar product? :o i'll have to check it out. why do you prefer it?
yeah. they're like 5 hrs. but i little stronger. i like to use them when i go in road trips and stuff
i cannot wait to see the next batch of wikileaks next month!
dude you really need to get a life can't wait for the debates
atlanta on the board in the 2nd, 2-0.
wtf is going on with thor? rather have one of the rookies pitch!
nice for you to be able to vote in a more 'swing state' than ca during presidential election yr
not to say that i would ever not vote of course!
(comes through time warp from 2012) "bet it's the same old shit, let's see who the champs are. wait, what the"
it's a weird feeling when you literally like everyone who's champion.
fishy love [undertale animation] oml .
i love it.. i think i got a case of crazy love xd
yes defending on my own 1 against all sorts it's great
that is your problem. just proves my point, even other muslims do not respect you.
meet my older brother aka the childhood ruiner
lol chill on me
i'm craning my neck like whoa but who cares i was in the photo with aka peak dad
omg we didn't make it in wtf
if he drinks henny, i know he's trouble
henny is for the struggle
can we all agree that this has been a hella long week?
and it's only monday
trump does not help conservative ideas sell to swing voters in any way, shape or form. this is unfixable. so i have no problem ditching him.
well unless you view ethnonationalism as a conservative idea!
that looks amaizing! how much chance that an intron retention in the update can be a false positive? how to tell?
seem to remember intron retention as most common alternative splicing in plants. science must wait if food's getting cold.
thanks for the hook-up with tracking down his issue with strokes.
you're the man now, dog.
a friend's car had broken side view mirror, i had to tell him, "please get that fixed so you don't get stopped. can't afford that"
white america doesn't get this. these stories of the differences of privilege need to be told to bring understanding
sorry about the bad texting lately , narcos is in spanish and i have to read sub titles
bro you gotta change it bro
oracle wants to drop mvc and jms 2.1 from java ee 8. jms, really?
if it's not yet done, please make sure to express your concern around mvc via the survey
no one should ever make me choose between them and bc i will choose her 100% of the time
but apparently this isn't directed towards me. good one.
updating jira/confluence has always been a rather rough experience. i just can't understand why you wouldn't transver changes...
something very helpful is coming soon at summit that you will like.
this mlb post-season is gonna blow if anyone but the cubs win the world series.
if they do then back to the future ii was one year off.
i ain't put it to yo mouth and make you smoke it
walt, you got the whole hood smokin blacks
the herself is in series 59!
i put sasha over so she can keep eating as i bought the figure.
22 years? thanks for your service. shame you are pissing that away with ignorance on the current state of the world.
benedict arnold was a 'military man" too. sadly, libtards have infiltrated every aspect of our society. bad on us
yo line 1 rt : hey when i do squats am i supposed to squeeze my cheeks when i stand? serious question
doing some kegal squats bro?? haha
settling the "which planet do the greatest people live on" debate once and for all.
darn it! i had $20 on saturn. ugh.
eeeeeyy good morning
they dont got u name
2017 de corey malone-hatcher starting a movement
i'm in! what is the movement called. let's get it started.
aww they're filming the last episode of &amp; i as a bonehead never got to see the set in the fox lot
i think they are only up to episode 5 or 6 now.
could be fun to have students create mini documentaries. to become a 'talking head' they have to really understand the primary docs
yes! and totally supports
i have a few friends who use it on overwatch, they were originally pc players wanting to play with us on xbox
so fucked up, my new heroes
straight rows or wherever the vacuum takes you? reply &amp; follow by 9pm est-last chance to win!
wherever the vacuum takes me! some areas need more focus than others!
trump's assertion that isis wants hillary is actually one of the least troubling things he said in this speech
whenever he says "believe me!", i shudder. that entire speech is so frightening. better be listening.
we're out of space and it feels like we're not making any progress today! can you help me increasing some space?
stay tuned, we've got some stuff coming to help you manage screen real estate
welcome america's top model !! beauty &amp; brains, with a heart of gold!!
awww thank you hunny! and i can say the same about you ! :))) &lt;333
byb bye dickhead... i hope you get rapeed in jail
byb bye dickhead... i hope you get rapeed in jail.
i look hurt af, but 4 months ago to today. same wall, same clothes,same taylor
wow congratulations!!
i feel so bad for the horses pulling those carriages dt on broadway. having to deal w/the traffic/noise/drunks it's a shame.
this really chaps my butt,what is this,"little house on the prairie"?.
.... being a dick, is not violating any rules! i'm more outraged by clock caller not the table talker!!
both were bad, especially when trying to bring more women into the game but calling clock absolute bullshit
let's make it better. first we'll see if the router is giving you trouble. are you able to test on a wired connection? ^ddd
thanks but everything i have is wireless. i have no devices that are cable connected to my router. maybe i should reboot?
congrats to this loser for being a scholar on and off the field! love you kiddo can't wait to see you do...
thank you so so much love you! you better kill it on the field too
the beatles on their craziest ever fan moments, appealing to a new generation, and their exciting new documentary
the segregated audience bit, sigourney, crowd sourced footage. great stuff! did you pack a uke? bet you did.
gov getting ready to speak about terrorism &amp; need for strong us leadership with on .
i'd look that sad and devastated too if i realized i was representing the white supremacists.
why did sei's dad fucking leave him to build plastic robots
this is socially acceptable because the world, understandably, runs on plastic robots
true but dam even if he want me he still mess up over and over it's like he don't get it ..
nah, every nigga get it. don't believe that shit, he not fully committed that's all.
sketch to finish
so that's how they got past the guards.
at 8 am edt tomorrow starts having a very bad week. trump, the king lear of terrorism
you must have trump confused with our naked emperor, the real king of terrorism.
wow, 800+ people to be deported were mistakenly given u.s. citizenship. was this a mistake or was this on purpose?america we are in trouble!
fatima nook a muslim apointed by obama is in charge of citizenship papers. i see an invasion ahead wake up america!
hi tiffany, please rebook your task. if you have any further questions please email help.com.
perfect, thank you!
hey can you atleast buy dinner or something since you stole 50k from me ...
left hand is something serious lol. did you notice how similar your finish was to uriah hall to when he fought chris weidman.
omg congrats!!! so happy for you love and miss u
thank you so much! love &amp; miss you too
damn yankees blew their chance for the wild card. i can't believe we got swept by boston
i can't even talk about it!! they just stomped on our hearts!!
hi morgan! you can create playlist folders using the desktop app. just right-click anywhere under the playlists panel /kt
whoa had no idea, i've been waiting for this thanks!
my fav person about to cook for me
i'm nowhere near the kitchen tho....
yeah she published this right around when the ad was run in the journal - around the 101th anniversary
i don't necessarily support her lifestyle, but i respect that she is using her enormous outreach for a good cause
thats it murray i'm doing it.
no ragrets, we need you to livestream this revolution in esports
enough favs n me n skrt drop sum fye on y'all this weekend prod. by ethereal
we puttin final touches on this, gon be so hard just wait
andrea mitchell needs to give up pretending to be a reporter, and get a maureen dowd style commentary gig.
they're both horrible!
things must be very boring for . he just favorited a bunch of tweets from june. june, dan. watched all of netflix already?
i was out of town for four days
time to switch focuses
if i could go back to school i'd go as deeply technical as possible
man i hate people that talk to me about football like this "if the pass doesn't work run" if the run doesn't work pass"
you just can't handle the depth of the analysis
super frustrating that we have week-long delays and have to modify 3rd-party code to get around apple's broken api checks.
don't worry - your place is set...
??? who is this girl?
duuuuude... so much to update you with this is another new bitch.
but i wouldn't expect to go too hard into politics with that moron.. that's just now who jimmy is on air
leave that shit to people like and let be
when i'm home alone i fill my bathtub with bbq sauce and pretend i'm a chicken wing.
can i come lick it off sometime?
there's only one batman. and his name is adam west... meets batman :)
holy thoughtful tweets!
and i won't know what management will be like because both supervisors and managers will be bidding for what they want as well.
geez, it's kind of a tough call. i say don't waste too much of your youth without enough social time though.
come thru we're all depending on you, i need this puppy in my life even if it's via twitter
the pressure is real
i'm at the airport with two god damn phones out
the maine has roped my mother into this god bless her
you know you're wrong now?
haha, not really.
really think about that totally unacceptable
i think it's more a penalty to the slackers that operate within without memberships.
i'll take "work projects i'm literally never taking on a plane" for 500, alex.
is that from eagle
i'm a grown ass man
you're gettin there
yeah would have been cool if they did it last year. but the fans have waited long enough. its their time.
hopefully we're next!
no one in history has ever replied: "sure. i'd love for you to come pick my brain." so stop asking. pitch smarter.
only noses &amp; wedgies get picked.
that's dope! you're gonna be the best supervisor out there.
aw thank you! so nice of you! i'll try my best
like i'm sure it's earnest and w/e but it's sooooooooo saccharine i can't take it there's no edge whatsoever
thats been the biggest criticism of it. that its called emotion but the songs are too broad to actually learn anything abt her
gained freshman 15 before school even started
see i'm too scared of the 15 so it forces me to eat healthy here
todays best music on wssr radio| dj khaled f. future &amp;amp; jay-z - i got the keys (radio edit) |tunein:
brand new tune
possibly in the future. i don't think for this next cod though.
i could get one together for you if u want just lmk.
the problem. accept them at their word when they make a deal right? (iran) but ya, they're not really serious about killing
all those headless christians around the world these last 10 years....because we refuse to "understand" them.bull
a good quotation is a tool for the mind.
and that's a great quote, too!
hahaha. i got a price range and do u work diamond district?
ya my office is here. do you want my direct number so we can discuss , be glad to help and make it right for you
a7: i love pulling from the
check out new primary sources on
had another great poker series with and the rest of the crew. until next year!
no la poker open this year?
. director on decoding the federal budget with
link is not available. could you help us out with it? thanks! :)
i'll take a regular person with progressive values over a corrupt neoliberal career politician any day!
you don't suppose jill was in russia for any sort of monetary reason, do you?
any way i can get some birthday love!!! it would make a bad day ( 2nd anniv. of burying parents) a little better!
happy birthday sweetie.... miracles can happen.. right nick?
um...have you heard of the queen beyonce?
and bruce springsteen.
sum london looks i want to buy everything
!!!! where's that coat from!!!
if you haven't... peep out 's vid for , bro.
this is the reigning bop and i'll fight anyone who says otherwise
that's how police started out. have you read the book, our enemies in blue?
no. never read the book.
thats been the biggest criticism of it. that its called emotion but the songs are too broad to actually learn anything abt her
and usually i'd agree but it's so well done idc. it's pop for pops sake
lol thanks i know
well this is awkward .... this is about my dog
so what that tell you
that my life is a lie and you unfaithful lmao.
we've added 3 new colors to our men's core line. use code strong15 for 15% off $60 orders
i'm grateful that you produced my power color orange which just arrived in the mail this afternoon!
watch as arin blows it. again.
beautifully done... 10 outta 10 would watch him fail again
louisiana cop arrested after he's filmed kicking handcuffed suspect
byb bye dickhead... i hope you get rapeed in jail.
lives were essential to public safety as is the case w this bomber guy
those cops wrongly killed them to protect their own lives but these cops are taking the risk bc its essential that he lives
holy shit balls!!!!
just wait til you see zach's
will show russian loans &amp; his huge debt to other foreign governments. clearly a disqualifying conflict
please, if don hillbilly can get away with all the crimes &amp; money she has taken, trump is safe and sound
number 8 on please keep voting by clicking on my mtv link .
anyone who beats up women is not an "artist." he's a punk!
nit much looking at dresses
really nice dress i like it a lot
wearing a sleeveless dress. if my scars bother anybody, fuck them. i'm comfortable
if anyone has an issue they need to straight fuck off! embrace them :) they make you well you.
is it cold yet where your at? it's freaking hot here, dry...
not yet, it's been muggy, some rain, but yes,,,our winter is just around the corner i'm sure and i think its gonna be bad!
still looking for startups in please dm contact details for consideration for new tv show
i work 4 a mobile growth intelligence called a platform that grows gaming apps like
man goes to jail for forging boarding passes to get into airline lounges.
he should win a ribbon.
was actually planning on being nice to you .. but i guess i'll rethink that .
tried that link?
hi! jerky's awesome, what's the best way to preserve it if i can't finish a 14 oz bag in one seating?
we reco popping it in the fridge.
and usually i'd agree but it's so well done idc. it's pop for pops sake
&amp; is argue that all that, your type, and favorite color have some genuine emotion
i may take you up on that!
anything to win your league with all the espn new york crew.
please buy my spec script for a horror movie where the monster is capitalism
hell though is still just hell. fire and brimstone. not other people or your inner demons. very literal. such juxtaposition.
the problem. accept them at their word when they make a deal right? (iran) but ya, they're not really serious about killing
i wonder if a few million right-wing christians started threatening to kill gays, would libs ignore that?
yo, why the fuck do cops even call for back up if the'are just going to let off shots anyway?
it's never 1 cop in a fight w a black dude who is getting the best of him; it's always 4 cops whos commands weren't obeyed
each of you should use whatever gift you have received to serve others,as faithful stewards of god's grace in its various forms-1peter4:10
is this your way of following up on that excel ask
you're too hardcore for these passive aggressive folks
haha new yorkers are pretty passive aggressive at times too
urban outfitters ! but it's part of a capsule u can only get here i think :(
i hope u got it!!! looks so good on u bb
i take that back... i think its pretty cute in 14 here:
ffxi carby tho
if they tried and it didn't work out
you should tweet all that to people who dont believe in jatalie
jira portfolio gives me new ways to monitor and track resources and helps me learn something new about process every day.
2.0 coming soon.
yup yup! crazy fun.
haha someone should tell that you worked in eagle all day
those cops wrongly killed them to protect their own lives but these cops are taking the risk bc its essential that he lives
not saying it's right, just saying its obvious, so to draw the comparison for activism is just dumb??
what i am learning from new grimoire cards: 1. "dredgen" is a title 2. thorn is reemerging in the crucible 3. shin lives
oh to hell with me. we might have a rezyl = yor confirmed people!
yes, and the dedicated bus money is (part of) why most of those measures' funds get wasted.
given la's history of not always funding buses adequately, i dunno
a7 if you are looking for old maps, see
love old maps! geo is still essential skill for ss
when you misjudge a fart
this should have 100+ retweets by the morning.
pretty sure a drake fan can understand the legitimacy of the blm movement before a pasty white boy in a title fight shirt.
sorry i had to sell my common sense for this sick title fight snapback
looking at dresses for u tweet tweet
it is stylish
holy shit balls!!!!
wait til you see zachs
after the election! ;-)
oh yeah, definitely not trying to compromise my ability to vote this year
i've been spending the last couple of nights updating the homepage. here's a sneak peak. what do you think?
looks great! don't forget to set the headers to show thumbnails/description on twitter cards tho ;)
lmao why r u verified on here?
are there people who aren't???
tbt to when kayne cried bc he missed u so much ;)
that was 's fault, she got me in my feelings when i was very vulnerable (and drunk lol)
because it sucked and other ppl did it better
until , , etc have a default tweetstorm app, it hasn't been done well enough (btw guys... do you use one?)
gotta get one since
omg i hate you.
at we added a custom log work button to so our code reviewers and more easily log thei...
love it! thanks for posting this one.
literally asked about this today lol it didn't happen
it's fake!?!?!
where did "return" to 1950's get mentioned. i guess that you like the status quo of gov corruption
read this maybe you can learn something.written by neuroscientist.
trump calls it 'sad' that n.y. bombing suspect gets medical care, lawyer
yeah. it's sad that people have "rights" and you can't just "tyrannize" people. that pesky constitution!
at live taping and live brass band played "theme song" and i sang along.
wait. you're there?! bell house?
michael ray - think a little less kz93radio
attention star on itunes
report: trump would name oil billionaire to lead government agency overseeing national parks
francis fukuyama aka nostradamus. trying to get ron howard interested in a doc
more than 8,000 cameras helped snare bomb suspect ahmad rahami
who doesn't realize seaside park residents and businesses have cameras everywhere?
a draftkings contractor won over $1 million playing draftkings yesterday:
just because someone is great at dfs does not mean they have inside info. it means they are skilled at the game &amp; have some luck.
happy birthday uche you hella funny miss having class with you but sure don't miss handly! have a good day!
nobody do, but thanks
i turned him off, too. i wish everyone would shut off and when these proven liars show up to spew their...
i was going to offer a compromise, but you can't compromise when chasing the truth.
giveaway time! to celebrate me getting an actual smart phone, and that today is 's birthday!
hey, who told you it's my birthday?!
aaron blair with a 1-2-3 second. 2, 0, end 2
lol idiot mets are going to lose to a guy with an era over 8, smh
happy birthday kyle!!! thank ya for being such a great friend, i hope u have a rad day &lt;3
thank so glad we became friends last year
he said u gave the other team the win on live support?
why would we do that lol? i even talked to the admin and gave him the proof he was acting like douche.
she was merciless with the defendants.
i'd see her and be like "phew...i got the nice judge", and then bam! 20 years in the clink
weeks morrison great album
indeed, it's become a favorite. it's a complicated album that's revealed itself to me as my own life has grown more complex.
this is the most incredible thing about the chelsea explosion
if you see something, steal something
ironic that the russians are leaking information on tues about venus, serena and rafa - annoyed sharapova didn't get one?
maria might have a tue for something else but we don't know because they have not released her records
that, and the fact that he's a stark raving mad lunatic.
i wonder what happened to him? he seemed to be fairly respectable during the reagan administration.
so... tempted.. to... respond...
i already forgot who i was subtweeting ... oh! thanks for reminding me:)
i'd say text me but i broke my phone today can we make plans soon
yes ofc just dm or text me and i'm there
happy birthday uche have a smooth one bro stay turnt
i'm always turnt, thanks
i can imagine. same with lower manhattan. i've roamed around there while on acid and i was just like
vegas is a boneyard.
you've been mowing lawns for $$$ since '08
you've been drying to dunk at memorial since '08...
so here is 's schedule from 6 to 8:30pm every night and like, i feel like i could run this network given the re...
what the hell is idiotest?
yup! are you?!?
will be there in a bit! our show starts @ 10. same show?
damn show no love to me smh
hold on bro. i have revised this 4x. coach otis mentioned you. i got it. sorry man.
thanks for posting this. really, don't you think cops are now ex-mercenaries on automatic homicide trand? could be....
we made a song about them:
&amp; is argue that all that, your type, and favorite color have some genuine emotion
id argue* lol
i don't necessarily support her lifestyle, but i respect that she is using her enormous outreach for a good cause
ya go kim k that's pretty cool
jihad just means struggle, and of course there are different struggles
one means warfare to spread islamic rule.
show starts in 5 min! run to
lookin' good.. you lucky bastard..
of transferring your membership rewards points to elevate points for travel. thx for tweeting us. have a great day. ^naomi
uhh...yes you do. it's on the membership rewards page.
endianess conversion needed from linux intel to linux sparc?
sl6 is big endian. no endianness conversion from aix :)
you know, sometimes i just wanna let loose and be free but i can't cause...
lmao what's your snapchat chichi?
that's not what i got. i got that she's not good at campaigning but potus and slick willy are, so she can let them do the work.
campaigning is part of the job of being elected.
&lt;open dm&gt; him: u pretty me: thank you. him: for me. pls me: um. no? him: fk me yes me: no. him: fuking white cuntt bag birch ho skank
whoa, whoa. "character limit."
this request came in early am.
our prayer team has been praying cyn for strength courage peace and healing blessings
anyone still pretty pissed about that call on pryor? cause i'm still pretty pissed.
spent my whole flight back to nyc thinking about it. still incensed.
hope is a person
faith is too
jihad just means struggle, and of course there are different struggles
who are you? who cites you?
lol i wish but i'm low in the food chain on here haha
i feel like this is something and his friends could appreciate
it's time to root for the shows that were always there for you during your cardio sessions!
best gym to workout i sweat like crazy in that gym
just talked to about her book (playing dead). buy the book and disappear. cool read. crazy.
great interview and fun! you guys are nuts!
shouldn't of told them they had to play with you smh
wym who else retard?
carli bribes me to take her off pause on facetime by saying she'll show me her boob&gt;&gt;&gt;
jeez i should facetime her
bahahahahaha - oh lord - another one fooled by trumps shit spewing mouth!
interesting read.
the admin is telling me rn that u wanted to give them the win
haha i wouldn't be bitching if i did that.
- no, i believe the police should be able to do thier jobs without fear of persecution and job loss
if they did their jobs without overstepping their legal bounds, fine. but they are killing people too.
you are installing a standalone version? or via other package?
so i have the ebot working now on an xamp web page. however, the ebot is not communicating with my dathost server.
cleveland tsa tells you to smile while nyc feels up your ass for pokmon cards. i love the cultural differences of cities.
getting into clubs is even worse man i had security go to town on me last time
what?!??! three? why? how?!
to finally enable auto-playing of gifs in !
how corrupt is new york? via
and politifact: ny will have a museum of political corruption to help combat corruption and rebuild public trust.
snap, crackle, pop me in the ass w your fat black donkey dick
omg, i would so worship tat cock
ahhhhh my jojoba oil spilled all over my desk when i went to class and my markers have been sitting in it for like 5 hours nnnnoooooo
i rlly hope theyre ok wtf wtfffffff
ur super pretty wth
oh thank youu
i finally found non booty tasting water in the u-cen bless up i no longer have to be dehydrated
help me, the only good water is in the dining hall
yup! are you?!?
ahh we are at the later show!
giveaway time! to celebrate me getting an actual smart phone, and that today is 's birthday!
good health and fortune in the year ahead to you and you new intelligent phone!
i can't unforget this
also this is assuming that median income somehow affects... ah, nevermind, i don't care.
that's not what i got. i got that she's not good at campaigning but potus and slick willy are, so she can let them do the work.
hell selling your agenda is part of being potus.
seems to only be midtown centric tho. to would be meatpacking/soho/hud sq/flatiron. alibaba deal &gt; triple digit rents
...and chelsea... can't forget
you are installing a standalone version? or via other package?
the webclient demo of ebot communicates fine tho. is there anyway to resolve this issue?
you mean you agree with chris. jordan is the one who thinks cartoons are a fucking game.
i watched the new ep of south park.
pls do yurself a favor &amp;go online 2watch the outstanding &amp; historical speech/rally by donald trump in estero florida
what a crowd
apparently amazon totally sold out of drawing blood. luckily has six signed copies
make that 5 signed copies left.
it was brutally awful, we had a good chance before this series i give up this year i hate to say but it doesn't look promising
it's like just when you think they're staging a comeback, they become inconsistent again.
paint this on canvas
this is the tweet that's going to come back and haunt me when im dating someone famous
instead of writing too much more, here is a screenshot of my tweets before.
you may enjoy this spirited debate between me, and
that's the worst thing about lots of hobbies unfortunately. i'm always stoked when i find a company that walks the middle path
i went with the most expensive of the scrub options because i am worth it.
does anyone use this emoji
yes i love sweet potatoes
i dont see why not
you two are cute together
coming out for pax aus, john? we'll sort you out with australian nando's. i know a local expert ()
probs not :(. need to take a break from traveling for a bit
you are installing a standalone version? or via other package?
and i also keep getting perma banned for rcon hacking.. whatever that means..
update: house panel to look into reddit post that blows hillary email scandal wide open via
we will see.
. hands up if you drafted cody as a sleeper qb2, managers.
i'm sure some usc people out here are looking forward to the show. probably gonna be a horror show though.
you blew that comeback like the warriors blowing a 3-1 lead
you blew every dunk attempt...
this is the cutest thing ever
omg aw im crying
nice views from my room
welcome back! in town for a visit?
shades down.
p.s. i love you.
listening to harambe on 200 decibels and drinking a yuengling yea monday night football mode is officially activated.
didn't get invited to barstool hq?
i need some1 that keep me grounded, that support my dreams, that i can fuck occasionally, someone i actually want around all the time
sounds perfect
we need feeds of them after the show
james will periscope
it's never 1 cop in a fight w a black dude who is getting the best of him; it's always 4 cops whos commands weren't obeyed
attention police of america, i'm a black man, my daddy was a black man, i have black friends -- honestly, we're not that scary.
amal clooney seeks justice for yazidi sex slaves, 'no matter the price'
she looks like my boy michael jackson
australian medical student kicked off beach for wearing full-cover swimsuit
insanity at work down under.
the video, very graphic &amp; disturbing america didn't need this right now!
this just gives more reason for blm to do stupid shit. not saying what the police did was right.
i love you new york. we will push through this day by day. standing with you all in chelsea.
i've had a restaurant for 12 yrs 23rd&amp;6th-7th.receipts down every year since '08 shaun!maybe we needed to jail us some banksters?
sorry, i can't. i have a boycott against rs, ever since they wrote that fluff piece about the marathon bomber.
well gee, that's too bad since i read that shitty fox piece and i've never liked one thing they ever said or printed
welcome to the fam!!!
in awe of the design &amp; i've been exposed to great design in my career. shipping already?
michael ray - think a little less kz93radio
brand new tune
bundy not sharp last few starts so this isn't surprising, but still frustrating
. has good stuff tonight tho. getting guys down 0-2, 1-2, and they keep fouling off fastball after fastball.throw a curve/change
you blew that comeback like the warriors blowing a 3-1 lead
you are 5'9 and can't dunk on a 9'2 rim...
or do an iml rimming booth. that sounds more fun
i feel like someone should sponsor that.
maybe? i think so. sounds like they added a late show bc 7pm sold out
love judge so much. enjoy! maybe see you guys in passing!
when people mention how i met your mother and "great television" in the same sentence
this series is
lol! never to early to talk nc with a win of that caliber. lol i'm only kidding. league then section are top priorities!
i agree, one step at a time
that was austria...
lol ... i know. i re-read the article and realized it was austria. my bad. sorry.
well you did say how about breeland so yes it was a question...
the question was directed towards pff pay closer attention next time.
betts has 54 career hrs. the all-time mookie record is 67 set by mookie wilson from 1980-91.
similarities end with the first name pete
a fascinating, critical look at 3rd party voting, as i am in the midst of the november issue of ms marvel...
they're overlooking something important. after 2000, democrats adopted environmentalism to appeal to folks who went green.
. is so close to reaching their kickstarter to make middle school girls' game a reality, check it!
omg thank you so much!!!! &lt;3
i didn't install the beta remote app but i did install the release app off beta app store servers, so \_()_/
powered by the technologies that brought you itunes connect!
there are *very* few films i can't get through even once. but bus stop (1956) is one of them
you don't like bus stop? i'm crushed. i love mm and don murray in this.
it's a positive sign when the award arabs and muslims for roles not built around terrorism.
not sure there has been a muslim emmy winner since 2012
i just played it. 6:39 beginning to ending id. (neener neener)
naw thats music. talking ends at 635
girl i was talking bout so much stuff i wanna say on twitter but it's lowkey explicit
well im talking about some other bs you better throw them lowkeys you kno i got ya back
- school choice will allow children to go to schools that best fit thier needs, teachers will have more say, not less
that's what you really think? what about special needs children? what happens to them? what say will teachers have??
i remember last year i could drink a 12 pack of limeritas...and be trying to drink more. or like 5 tall cans.
your a g.. lol we had some at central park. i mix mine with grey goose.. talking about a wonder in my soul!!!
every page of 's book begs you to keep reading with how he weaves his story. his voice saying "craz...
i grew up in a fucked up broken home. nyhc and cbgb helped me find myself. it's wonderful to see this story told by you.
"we live in a culture of takes. not even hot takes, just like, takes." -
"i don't have that many takes, i just have things i want to pick up and look at"
you are showing your ignorance. it's still terrorism. but it hasn't been defined as domestic or foreign terrorism. educate yourself
irony. we now know it's likely terrorism, yes. we didn't then. encourage you to read up on the subject.
i'm so excited to work on top of a circle! @ kimmel harding nelson center for the...
yesss! i love that table. have fun :-) explore the taxidermy museum.
" on - bruno mars - the lazy song - tune in now to -
attention star is on itunes
": refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming. lots young males, poorly vetted.
i see big problems ahead
what the fuck why cant i quote tweet
you need to refill your "quote credits". only $19.99 plus tax.
spotify weekly is killing it this week - an algorithm is now my main source of new music.
check out the release radar too, if you haven't!
'tis the season...
that ghoul seems pretty fruity with those hand motions. lol
ok. i can buy that 1.5 million claim is inflated. he still broke his oath, purloined intelligence not about nsa spy...
i respect your pov &amp; appreciate your civility! nice to have an open, polite political exchange.
if you don't succeed at the federal election, try again at the local council election i guess.
his message could probably do with a bit of refinement
best thai in nyc ? (@ uncle boons) on
no actual pad thai tho but this joint is too good
that's actually 100% the plan
i made a song for when you click the checkout button
unbelievable this is a must watch 17 second video that will convince you not to support
my religion doesn't allow me to watch this bitch.
the c takes forever to come
tired of this shit
victory! reinstates course on palestine after outcry from students and palestine legal
congrats paul hadweh, reversing stand despite pressure from ideologues besieging &amp; us values
you may enjoy this spirited debate between me, and
it was in response to the medium post on the future of pods by cc
it's like he do .. but still be messing up smh i don't get you have a girl that's down for you and will do anything
why commit when you freely gettin everything you need
sorry, i can't. i have a boycott against rs, ever since they wrote that fluff piece about the marathon bomber.
and is just publishing from a separate study by . to truly engaged in a disc abt voting, this!
i'm a blogger looking to collaborate with brands, contact me: zoeliannex.co.uk
hi zo, what type of brands? i work with startups in
yess boo it's one of the best feelings
yes! happy for you babe, you deserve it
jessica you are a sick twisted evil loser !!!! trump should deport your sorry ugly fat ass out first!
why? what did i say? oh, i said hillary shouldn't have ss and let's see what happens to her. i remember now.
the only emotion i feel anymore is anger
turn that frown upside down
i've had a restaurant for 12 yrs 23rd&amp;6th-7th.receipts down every year since '08 shaun!maybe we needed to jail us some banksters?
bring real or gtfo
no im pretty afraid of islamic terror.
if it involves bombs and faceless woman im afraid of it
i love that episode. josh's secret plan to fight inflation came straight to my mind too!
yes! and cj proves herself to be the best as usual.
webobjects and chewing gum?
there is a horse named brady who stomps his foot twice to deploy another app to testflight.
video shows unarmed black man with hands in air before tulsa police shoot him dead
idk about you but if cops have their guns on me i'm not walking back to my vehicle to grab something?
they're overlooking something important. after 2000, democrats adopted environmentalism to appeal to folks who went green.
in 1980, republicans adopted stricter libertarian economics after 1976 saw a dip in their numbers.
hot indian curry dry rub
mostly because i miss
hey jess! hope all is well! this free app from the chrome web store should help!...
hey jake, hope things are going well for you too! thanks so much for the tip; i'll check that out.
we're all dying to get out... then we realize how la we are
we have no other choice but to embrace it lol
and so our football teams meet again tonight. this time it's not looking so good for me...
uh, i wouldn't be so sure. our cornerbacks are 1) not good and 2) not tall. alshon jeffery is 1) good and 2) tall.
nooo i am livid nooooo i'm going to break windows
the disrespect
richard plepler: by the book
blows him away!
i was sold dreams about how american mc donald's pops off. it's on par with the uk and food here is trash.
the mcdonald's and kfc suck here . no one who loves themselves eats there
1,000-percent correct, that last point especially.
i saw ward get pushed around in college
long island flavor to be featured among nassau coliseum vendors cbs new york
how cute. they think it will actually get finished!
" on - bruno mars - the lazy song - tune in now to -
brand new tune
i would absolutely lose it if i was at that party and seen someone do that
let's get it
thats a weird looking apple
it's suppose to be 2 different things
i wonder if machine gun regs are a place blm decrim efforts could collaborate w/ nra.
cta/divvy can't even compete in the carless hitman market. sad!
. it's $250 for usta members after the $125 promotion is over.
it's likely not going to get much traffic. i just see no reason giving beards &amp; slakers a break.
1,000-percent correct, that last point especially.
and latham?
in 1980, republicans adopted stricter libertarian economics after 1976 saw a dip in their numbers.
3rd parties exist to tell the main party leaders "hey, we're not happy with your direction. listen to us!"
new jersey: the former high school classmate who could take chris christie down via
come in is only a lie about traffic!
did al gore actually want to be president? hard to imagine he did, given he didn't run in 2004, choosing instead to grow a beard.
i think spent his first 50 years living the life his father's legacy demanded. he seems happier now.
i could never loose, what u thought?
i can see why joey replied to you.
thats not true either. are you just trolling or do you feel like what you're saying is true?
tell that to al azhar. who cites you?
valid. but they campaign for the excitement factor to get folks out to vote. to battle the draw of trump (go figure).
whatever they gotta do they should do.
does all that broken glass mean your car was broken into?
yep. if you see a thief with a twitter jacket on...
wow clinton is dipping pretty bad
some seriously scary shit. as a white man, i have the least to lose and i'm freaking out.
it was in response to the medium post on the future of pods by cc
in response to your screenshot: disagree it's asking "too much" -- it's the best medium when driving, walking, or otherwise occupied.
[!] fruit news will be hosting a exclusive live debate with top members of nusa, scheduled for this saturday at 4:00 pm est.
can i be one plz
who the fuck voted for jurassic juniors
juniors from jupiter won originally, but it was too similar to the seniors theme
literally mickey and ian are life.
dude what the fock is ian doing with mickeys baby
thats not true either. are you just trolling or do you feel like what you're saying is true?
i go on scholarly sources. not you.
joel sollender, wwii veteran and pow, on what it means when he hears trump insult our vets.
please bring back the kids ads, that worked and pleases tell the young people your story
bumgarner owns the mets, even year, but they stink right now and have no pen. martinez is 2-0 vs. mets this year, better lineup.
neither will likely pitch in wild card game considering both teams will be fighting til the end
at the end is the master sword.
if it allows me to a darker, apocalyptic future, then i'm in.
3 upcoming catalysts till year-end
ir said key investor event is non factor for stock price based on experience, willing to bet fda meeting december with phase 2
to be fair, i've been watching a lot of video game docs, but i'm starting to make connections between et for atari 2600 and .
a rush to market is going to end your company.
can't forget our struggling readers and ell students....
agreed. any suggestions?
so since i pre ordered the gow 4 ultimate edition i am getting the pc version for free? confirm or deny.
supposed to be via play anywhere
might have some insight into that error. i was going to ask him about it when i saw it but became distracted.
there's one current case where it's a red herring: kcfpreferencesanyuser + a container.
this would be the perfect 4year/christmas gift
great deal, i second this
this person sounds like a fucking nightmare.
the insufferable yogi reposted and lowered her requested rent by $100 but still sounds unbearable.
sorry! we experienced a temporary server outage. it's back up now and working to make sure it doesn't happen again
glad to hear it. love what you guys are doing.
in response to your screenshot: disagree it's asking "too much" -- it's the best medium when driving, walking, or otherwise occupied.
yes discovery is abysmal, but there is so much room to improve.
i have lol how about you little man
deflection from me proving my point. thinking no one will notice. lol
alert: questions free speech, calls for arrest of people (like him?) who incite violence
can you say mein fhrer?
many people claim you have lost all objectivity. looking at this tweet where you use the word "claims" is illustrat...
your envy, jealousy&amp;vicious obsession with is blatantly,pathetically unprofessional.
the patience episode is the stuff of legends
i'm going to watch this entire series tonight
congrats to our own for winning the arbor award from !
thank you for the shout out! :)
draws curtain on with a dazzling closing ceremony. well done to all the athletes that took part
thank you philip. have a super evening. hugs for ms. millie
we offer our card members a loyalty number so, you can transfer your points however, no status with virgin america.
try reading this:
i got a bed* baby *at a wildly overpriced hostel
tbh same place was tryna charge me more last night so boo yah
clinton: "i'll have more to say about it when we actually know the facts." but she quickly blamed the you...
what hillary truly does
just saw the late to requests granted....wtf.....safe that didn't help his cause tonight
yep. bullshit by boston and bullshit they were granted. he doesn't take long between pitches.
deff try color remover if that doesn't work bb
trying real hard not to put lots of bleach/chemicals in my hair so ty i will
"read up on your history. it matters. we've got to get people to vote." -:
but we need you to work harder and sound better not like an old lady but one that is funny
who's up for one last kings fall raid on ps4 before drops tomorrow?
i'm down 335 warlock
. new people thinking about getting involved in harness racing a) aren't slackers b) aren't usta members
didn't say they were. i said there really plenty of participants that don't have usta memberships.
there's one current case where it's a red herring: kcfpreferencesanyuser + a container.
i need to figure out a way to tell the difference between expected harmless failure there and one i should log.
hello, this is april. would you like my assistance today?
well im trying to get my parcel at 1875 marin street, which i was told was open until 8...so far seems no customer entrance?
media advisory: to avoid stigmatizing muslims in ny/nj bombings, please use photo of brock turner, in lieu of photos of ahmad kahn rahami.
you better wake up mann there are muslim training camps all over america 800 just go citizenship
everyone responding to this goes straight to future of computing, not future of mac. i think apple uses that distin...
missed this.. but def no mic/speakers. airpods are always-in and you can airplay content to multiple listeners at once.
yeah exactly lmao we gotta find bay area folks
only person i know from the bay rn is zain &amp; i've been here three days already like it shouldn't be this hard
carson palmer has 1 playoff win, he must be 1/4 the player kap is.
33rd of 34 qbs in a 32 team league. that's my argument.
pick and choose what you want hunty, and i'll do the same
these lyrics bey wrote herself
maybe trump brought out his inner crazy. he has been pathetically pandering for the trump cabinet.
i think you're right.
"we hate inequality too!" okay, what's your plan to fix it? "rapacious hyper-capitalism!" goodbye.
hee hee... at the libertarian primary, they seriously discussed if the civil rights act was legal. so much for equality
wow! outstanding panel today.
thanks &amp; you rocked w the tweets, - can't agree more.
betts has been driving me nuts this whole year
fucking asshole. poison his food. not to kill him just to make him sick lol
nobody wants to go to barboncino with me this is hell
um are they crazy? barboncino is heaven on earth - took me and i promptly floated away
what kind of phone is it?? omg thank god i saw this before updating
iphone 6s plus. i had to reset my settings and now it's fine
internet board meeting facebook for political rants, twitter for dog gifs, linkedin for microsoft office recommendations...everyone got it?
what about instagram
isn't he the perfect boyfriend
boyfriend? idk what you're talking about, i'm just the side piece
excitement doubles,celebrations worldwide with declaring of 7th october as official
much more than excitement here, feeling thrilled
haha someone should tell that you worked in eagle all day
*wants to make a suggestive comment soooo bad about &amp; *
eat shit, drew!
don't worry; i wasn't talking to you.
honestly don't even mind writing this paper bc im genuinely passionate about it
those are the best ones
something wireless, something dirty, something fast comes our way stay tuned as all...
interesting finish there at the mount. is that a cast piece?
: sounds like he wants the to stay in via :
now to hope mr. goodell is a man of his word!
andre iguodala is the closest thing to a player-coach on the . . .
me's think you saw my tweet to the article you just rr.
i'll say this karl joseph and cory james aren't wearing superman capes. don't expect them to solve all the problems on defense.
they may not but at this point i'll shake anything to see progress of some sort
not because of content. if i see a story that interests me i read it, then search out more articles on diff sites.
now you have no excuse.
tried that link?
yea the link you sent me was a porn site
too painful.
maybe we should've flown out to chicago
"we have to face the world as it is but commit ourselves to turning it into what it should be." -hillary
which is what please tell me what is your vision, i have a young child that knows nothing about you
yes discovery is abysmal, but there is so much room to improve.
ditto to ad formats. podcasts are the new business card. *drops nickel in jar for *
looks great! don't forget to set the headers to show thumbnails/description on twitter cards tho ;)
also, after hovering the "heroes of the storm" thumbnail, the whole page starts flickering
how did become a lnp propaganda unit?
when lnp appointed murdoch's person as its head. some sections () are relishing it
ron finished the "wish card" for our coffee over the weekend! what do you think of the 9 of water image? :o)
that looks amazing! definitely a cup full of wishes
that's the worst idea in history.
. why only 16? clearly is an establishment tool! 14 or fight baby! max frost for president!
sorry but people need to stop hating norman and show respect to a great corner.
he's trash buddy, redskins won't be able to hide him next week with obj, cruz and shepard on the field.
racetrack light lasso, death valley national park @ san mateo, california
you can get the same effect if you do doughnuts in a car if you know what i'm sayin'
excitement doubles,celebrations worldwide with declaring of 7th october as official
movie poster is looking great too. will watch
thanks for sharing this, i love i've seen him in concert.
you're welcome and wish i was that blessed to have seen live!
if you love creators, don't ask for free merch or services. it's beyond tacky. bye
ew. there are people who still do that? ew.
mookie betts does what mookie betts does at camden yards. hit homers at an insane clip.
now can i get a "ho-hum?"
david bowie's art collection up for auction hits l.a. for two days only
thin white duke was one of a kind. his art collection most likely same. i trust he's traveling with major tom far above the world.
sometimes work and play blend together, like when hosts a discussion comparing alexander hamilton a...
"hamilton probably would have challenged to a duel" - joanne freeman, on if the man himself would have enjoyed
youre an anti and im not talking about rihannas anti bitchy
y'all want me to stop slandering bts but keep callin me an anti???
clinton promises young voters 'something to vote for, not just against'
that's a real leader!
oh, forgot to tell you guys about the amount of people that literally fell over when i walked into work with straight hair today.
some lady actually tripped walking to the printer beside me &amp; said it was because my hair was straight. wouldn't make it up.
i'm forwarding this to one of our film studies lecturers. he'll get a kick out of it.
one '50s sci-fi image can say more than all the op-eds in the world.
educate yourself.
ignored by joseph. how muslim like.
just got not one but two hugs from the great best day ever!
have you explained to that david tennant is doctor who despite the lack of scarf?
what album would you sit and drink to after a breakup?
anything taylor swift
. criticizes trump's "birther" statements: "a man who does things like that must not become president"
but clinton was the one who started it back when she was campaigning against him...
today is our 6 months i'm so thankful for you, i cherish what we have more than anything in this world. i love you
awee today is me nd laurens 9month! congratz guys
if you want to go to college or are saddled with student debt, you'll want to read what has to say:
but you need to do that, talk about climate change and college please do this
sooner nation also proud of rookie sterling shepard nice game young man. keep this up you will be rookie of the year. eli has a new weapon.
shepards been a great pick giants have an amazing receiving corp for eli
3rd parties exist to tell the main party leaders "hey, we're not happy with your direction. listen to us!"
(fwiw, i'll never not vote democrat. but i see the value of third parties.)
2 former albuquerque officers on trial in killing of homeless man, via
"mr. boyd was white; the officers who shot him were white and hispanic." via
i was pretty pro until i got screwed over by a bad host who cancelled on me and airbnb wouldn't step up to...
now i believe they need to be regulated more closely to protect customers. hosts more scrutinized.
ditto to ad formats. podcasts are the new business card. *drops nickel in jar for *
an absolute minimum, their white space is every dollar that is spent on terrestrial radio ads. podcasts will kill terrestrial radio
since the entire domain is new. tons of unknown unknowns
i wouldn't suggest this tutorial then. it's rough around the edges. the one i did for is much more polished.
why are the grey states excluded? i'm in pa and there are tons of trump supporters here.
- just to show that trump has a path without winning all of the grey states. trump will win!!
what changes would those be?
wants to steal yo girl
what are you implying? i want to understand where you are coming from here.
1 my position is that preventing vpds is a social good as burden of disease falls
does anybody else lay down and rub their belly in triumph after a large meal with a smile? no? just me? k
me right now!!
my dad's job depends on that garage. cameraman in nyc's much-promoted film biz. no easy choices here.
does he support market rate pricing for street parking? that would solve the problem for all car owners.
i know there are more people of here in america in prayer for victims of than hateful mean spirited twitter trolls.
no you started this because you lied, no no
army vet has the best response to obama feeling insulted by black trump voters [video]
scott, u got to listen to this african american vet responding to obama. he is mad! and rightly so
the says bury terrorists in pig blood - since, they're *not really muslims* then muslim community won't object, right?
i'm (literally) 12 minutes away from syed san bernardino farook's grave. i can build a bacon catapult!
i love that interlude, the production is a-1
it's cool, but i could do without it...
you shouldve stopped us omg
it was best that she kept walkin...
"hamilton probably would have challenged to a duel" - joanne freeman, on if the man himself would have enjoyed
. : "he probably couldn't even get tickets anyway"
a walking shadow that struts &amp; frets its hour upon stage. a tale told by an idiot, full of sound &amp; fury, signifying nothing!
*one advantage of air~launch is that the carrier plane acts like a flying wind tunnel. highest fidelity aerodynamic data* mct
right! u have the same number right?
yup, the 526 one!
i'm not sure if i should be proud about that.
87% and i think i should have been born in 1979.
photographers who shoot raw, how much raw do you have total?
about 1 tb.
some lady actually tripped walking to the printer beside me &amp; said it was because my hair was straight. wouldn't make it up.
...i used heat, not a laser to transplant my scalp ya weirdos.
my friend made t-shirt designs using my photos
where can i buy
just heard the usually keen hypothetically rattle off a list of orgs that could have planted the chelsea bomb. he included blm.
no ? it was the 5th anniversary saturday afterall.
good pinned tweet game from
i believe that's called "evergreen content"
yea but i don't see myself getting the opportunity to visit the inside of the studio set in the next 6 weeks
at least you got to see them all at comic con!
why are the grey states excluded? i'm in pa and there are tons of trump supporters here.
- awesome. the press keeps feeding garbage polls that trump is down 6pts in pa.
so why does offer discounts to in the us but not canada???
good question. what in hell's wrong with you home depot? rcaf flyers flew in ww ii before we did. .
you're my kind of guy then.
so are you :)
what is the point of that comment is that how you get off
just an observation.
yeah, it doesn't get much more stupid than .
is he retarded or something?
"everyone who wants to go to college should be able to without drowning in debt." -hillary
i agree. universities need to start paying less, much less, for speeches about nothing.
what are you implying? i want to understand where you are coming from here.
2 more heavily on low income families
lt. gov. named trump's texas chairman
god bless you and god bless america
forza horizon series always has a thing where you have to drive on every single road and that is my last true video game passion.
i couldn't care less about playing these games, i just want to drive on every single road. what a great thing to do, driving on every road.
theyneedhellaryobama4&amp;power&amp;ourwh etc
theycontrolpoliciesinwhwo,h&amp;huma5+inwh
were you unable to finish your trip, or could you go around this street?
i walked around. a little out of my way but not too bad
did they sell it in the nescafe jar, or was it "bring your own vessel"???
sold as is.
the says bury terrorists in pig blood - since, they're *not really muslims* then muslim community won't object, right?
and cair should stop whining about backlash and start worrying about frontlash.
i keep a can of wasp spray. i'm not going down empty handed. i'll protect my students the best way i can.
- god bless and amen. a bat whatever it takes.
the best one from trader j's: prosciutto, burrata, and arugula. (i will be having it it's a question of when)
get you some balsamic all up in that
you listening?
lol more like this
i wanted to bring draya out for my 25th birthday but she charging 12 racks plus a first class flight from la &amp; 4 rooms in a five star hotel
i don't even think albany got a 5 star hotel
go ahead and reboot, once it comes back up run a test at ^acm
these were the results of the speedtest: latency 122 ms download 0.45 mbps upload 0.27 mbps is this good ? slow? average?
the nescafe container
right? so much cred all over this thing.
i am so excited for 's october scary stories 2016!!!
these books were the best when i was young lol
why do all boys like 2k so much ???
seriously though... so much of the day wasted sometimes.. smh lol
live on : typhoon makes landfall in japan (just a little rain and wind now)_
just watched, be safe.
lmao i've been getting bullied by that guy since like 2007
he used to just periodically ask me if jared bradley was my boyfriend
remind me again why the vikings changed these uniforms? oh, yes, i remember now. complete and utter stupidity.
as a viking fan, i have to agree. although to be fair, all of the original team uniforms were better than the current ones.
for the record not all reporters are journalists. i don't even consider myself one. there's only a handful of true sports journalists in aus
can you please clarify your definitions of "journalist" and "reporter".
an absolute minimum, their white space is every dollar that is spent on terrestrial radio ads. podcasts will kill terrestrial radio
exhibit a: tony kornheiser. why wouldn't others follow?
*one advantage of air~launch is that the carrier plane acts like a flying wind tunnel. highest fidelity aerodynamic data* mct
owing to misunderstanding of the casual chains between policy &amp; actions one can easily trigger- thanks to agressive ignorance
ranked number one by pff is trash?? norman will hold to odell to 3 catches and one tf for 30 yards just like last year
well hell prob only cover obj for 3 plays bc we all know breeland is in charge of covering the best wr so sounds right
. some guy riding an automatic skateboard on the sidewalk just ran over my dog on harrison st.
what the fuck?! thats crazy, i would have kicked him off of it.
i'm back on tonight for show tune in at 8pm
we're live with till 10pm, get locked
ugly andy warhol lookin' ass
dreamboat (literally just spent my commute reading about him)
...i used heat, not a laser to transplant my scalp ya weirdos.
small reminder: 1. it's just hair 2. it's just hair with texture 3. no you can't touch it 4. you're really kidding 5. you're also cancelled
let's not forget there is a parade on an avenue, and i need to get to the other side of said avenue today.
. i was on a madison ave bus that got engulfed by ' motorcade!
regrets, due to an earlier mechanical problems at parkchester 6 trains were delayed, train service has resumed. ^jg
trains were delayed because of a train station that has an express track?!!! y'all gotta do better than that
gas shortages in georgia, nc, and sc and a few other states. a pipeline broke somewhere.
ahhhhhh gotcha
thats what im saying i fucked with the game heavy but this nigga did his shit already, he past his prime meeks still young
you guys are buggin the game would body meek
a man with an apple watch and smart phone just asked me for the time...
he only know how to use the camera
owing to misunderstanding of the casual chains between policy &amp; actions one can easily trigger- thanks to agressive ignorance
surprised, not by the magnitude of one's forecast errors but absence of awareness worrisome when engaged in deadly conflicts
i'm here to give u pussy niggas hell
shid why them
you, can't, be serious
i'm never serious....
. claims she's only candidate who has sat in the situation room, has plan to combat terror don't want this to get bigger
you are heartless, you really don't like hilary shame on you, need you off the air
finn and i are ready.
thank u!! you made my night!!! xo
oh what he do
he's here and he's bad luck
yeah i think someone made like a fake screenshot and put it on twitter bc no one at the label knew anything about it
whoever made it is dead to me. i don't need my hopes yanked up like that
4 hour shifts are so pointless to me
wow i only work 4 hour shifts :(
dan happy birthday hope you have a great day miss you!
thank you!! miss you too, we'll tu soon and see if you can hold as much patron as you do on snap
surprised, not by the magnitude of one's forecast errors but absence of awareness worrisome when engaged in deadly conflicts
the significance of the story lies illustrates a severe limitation from observations or experience the fragility of knowledge
he's an american citizen &amp; therefore receives due process. u want to take that away? think long &amp; hard about ur answer.
i'm saying it's just not important to muse as to why a criminal does what he does.
excitement doubles,celebrations worldwide with declaring of 7th october as official
another heavenly gift to humanity. we should all make good out of it. a must watch
thanks, friend!
, you're welcome. i'd love to talk to you off twitter abt your _secret wars: secret love_ story.
the trumpster belongs in the dumpster. there a a myriad of things wrong with pathological liar.
lololol "the trumpster belongs in the dumpster." i love that!
is that a good or bad thing? o.o
don't leave me hanging, ! i gotta know!
trump complains that bombing suspect, a u.s. citizen, will get medical care and due process by
beast! wait a minute! undemocratic beast! no! i mean sick mofo undemocratic beastly beast.
were you into tarot? these were designed by friend of friend heart &amp; hands tarot by thirteenwaystolook
liked them and bought them! xxxooo
well i don't think they're going to as hackers are supposedly russians! the point is she could have maybe got one in jan
according to her testimony she was self medicating and not under a doctors care. her own team didn't know
mocking? i'm expressing gratitude and relief more weren't injured and there were no fatalities.
wow? regardless of the outcome u stick to the narrative, no ahole is was not better he didn't use a gun,
would vote for trump's morning turd over hc. that is how deep her clinton derangement syndrome runs
is horrible. yet, does nothing. i wished she would retire today!
where my grammar folk at? is it "internet" or "internet"? (ms word saying latter...)
i just summoned the ghost of noah webster -- pretty sure it's "internet."
definitely saw walk past my store irl today and it took all my willpower to not scream "felicia!" and chase her down.
should've just thrown her a "bye felicia" as she left.
also, settings &gt; display &amp; brightness &gt; auto lock 30 secs to 5 mins
thanks! that should help! think i've had the phone in low power mode all day, which is why it was locking after 30 sec!
because espn only compliments the sox and not the os every time they play each other
maybe use that ph. d of yours to figure out how to get mookie betts out
the is next door to right now!!!!!
please come make a gif
we're live with till 10pm, get locked
we live! i'm on till 10
josh, cult of personality is still one of my fave songs. not dated at all.
so many great songs on that album like open letter
video : desperate and clueless blames donald trump for u.s. terror attacks
blaming trump is like blaming all of his supporters
i could have sworn the sd card it self was a different colour on your snapchat
it was - i was loading footage so i recreated pic for time purposes! lol
in custody?! why didn't you just kill him! he's a terrorist shooting at police. $$$ locking him up for life now, smh
he's worthless as a prisoner or hostage. i would have put about 100 rounds thru him.
i def did lmfao her shyts look straight as fuck
odeeeee she anit brake them in no nothing. it's a pic and she's on the ballet bar with un-pointed feet.
as comes to a close, a fond farewell to our friends from paris, rome and budapest!
wonderful dear candace cable. what an amazing year. have a safe trip back home. . beautiful photograph. carpe diem! dc
4,000 cases mostly consisting of slip &amp; fall from casinos. get the correct facts
people fell in trump university scam,trying to bribe florida's ag.accused of raping a minor.casinbankrupt.
i'll wait for the 8 then i like my 6s+ minus the battery life
battery life will never be solved. it's their scam so you always buy a new phone.
loved being with xo
thank you for the retweet! we're huge fans :)
having a bad day? listen to ali farka tour's walking in timbuktu. good day? listen to ali farka tour's walking in timbuktu. start w/ ai du
link for the lazy:
son, 12, wants to have "horror movie day"-triple feature starting at 4 on a saturday. films should have "something in common." suggestions?
grief as terror: the others, the babadook, the invitation
it barely runs on good pcs
i guess ill just play new vegas
"distance" bracelets 1 wears white 1 wears black rt if you want them!
for when your bae leaves you for 8 hours to work xoxo
tickets go on sale this friday for bon iver. i may go to the music hall of williamsburg date on 12/14.
that day works for me!
thats why i love
they are shoot of chankiyah. what else they would do. sacrifice little to gain more.
there's a 100% that if this comes on, i will sing as loud as i am able.
i know the spark inside your eyes was just the match i used to set myself on fire
some c#, ruby/rails, and java shops "get it"
it's hard to walk away from years of prior experience, and even harder to get someone to take you seriously when you try to start
you're (permanently) trapped!!!
this is how i felt after lunch today &gt;.&gt;
he probably sees his legacy as a new stadium w/o having to give up control of the team. doesn't care how that happens.
the value has increased 47% in the last year, likely because they will get a stadium somewhere. we just prefer it be at home
seriously unnecessary...as a vet, i really hope you are not one disgracing the country like that.
islam is a disgrace to the country and you clearly stand with islam above all. don't care if you served.
change under setting. i do it all the time when uploading youtube videos.
just realized i was in low power mode all day, which is why it was locking after 30 seconds!
i mean, call me ignorant, but that's what i mean. if they own it, can't they do what they want w/ it?
sure; left and right are not the same company. the point is that whoever did it was distasteful in their "redesign"
not very tasteful given the weekend's events. walt, i expect more class from you.
i am from nyc. i work in chelsea, and this is fine. i approve.
if you can't tell im literally petrified of spiders &amp; i actually just jumped when i seen the spider emoji come up on the bottom of my phone
i hear that i had a spider on my leg in the car i jumped out of the car while it was still moving luckily the curb stopped it
why does all of west islip and their mom want to follow me..
that's weak
what exactly is stigma? learn more from
stigma is an impression that is labeled on someone when the other party don't understand the issue at hand.
theycontrolpoliciesinwhwo,h&amp;huma5+inwh
o&amp;hputtheminpowerinegy &amp;theyputisisinsinai
i have my wireless ear buds in &amp; my hair is down so people around me can't tell...lady next 2 me was talking to me asking about the flight
sorry lady wasn't being a bitch and ignoring you. couldn't hear you talking to me !
let's have a conversation about the album
work of art
nyc today: oh yeah? bomb went off over the weekend? fuck you terrorists, i've got work to do and a world to change.
"how the hell am i supposed to get to the bar now?"
nbc has released the topics for the first debate: 1) how did we get here? 2) how the hell? [pan left] 3) that's poetic? that's pathetic.
nbc has released the topics for the first debate: 1) the food emporium atm 2) why'd maureen's equipment break down? 3) mimi's words, nice?
my guess is that it will work beautifully on the 7, and is purposely clunky on current iphones. gotta motivate people to buy 7s.
exactly. was thinking the same!
beginning journey home from well done to and thanks for the memories
wonderful. have a safe a happy journey home. fantastic!
you better pull it together before i lose my effing mind
this is all ur fault. thx for nothin
i'll think about it.
i have had that idea before. meh.
its not fear but hate that attracts too ignorant to see he's gonna phuck them too.
read the article it's written by a neuroscientist. very interesting. conservatives have a stronger reaction to fear.
many of those people now have insurance they can't afford to use. so they can't get healthcare, and they're angry. great.
: true. and premiums for health plans are much higher
. we know a lot of trump rhetoric has been seized on by terrorists to make this a religious conflict to recruit fighters
i really wish you would go away, we know how uch you love trump
parasitic towns recruit pay them 6 an hour.
when discussing does discuss &amp; sub minimum wage labor? if not, why not?
she travel and know the world, what is trumps accomplishment
i suppose you'll want to tell me about the sniper fire in bosnia or when she tried to join the marines. all lies!
seriously unnecessary...as a vet, i really hope you are not one disgracing the country like that.
bottom line. islam is a plague upon humanity, and i will continue to turn others against it.
it is indeed the handiwork of the autorouter set to "high" effort
i'll give it a cookie for high effort, but i bet you could do a much better and nicer job.
apparently i'm white and i didn't even know it
haaa same thing happened to me &amp; i was like... where's the receipts???
old spreadsheet, never bothered to convert it over to google docs.
i technically use icloud, but people think i'm weird when i say icloud so i say google docs
sure; left and right are not the same company. the point is that whoever did it was distasteful in their "redesign"
they didn't do a very good job either. legality is another issue
on what program on can i see you on tv? you not being on is very inconvenient. i resent it.
weekend evening news, cbsn, upcoming sunday morning piece, plus sporadic cbs this morning stuff. i post most of it.
i'm not specifically using kcfpreferencesanyuser anywhere. just calling initwithsuitename: &amp; shared group name.
yes, nsuserdefaults always constructs a full search list, including kcfpreferencesanyuser...
i hated that pitch. i say walk him every ab. the idiots on my team disagree
sure, put a runner on for the boston lineup. that will work out well.
oh that's very strange. not having that here. is it just the heroes one? i'll look into it tomorrow. thanks for the heads up
actually i can repro by hovering any of those tiles (on chrome 46.0.2490.86)
oh snap! sorry, jimbo.
jim is in trouble once again
or she could not--see how that works?
millennials will come out to vote for cause no way they will vote for trump!
the significance of the story lies illustrates a severe limitation from observations or experience the fragility of knowledge
[black hole blues] *what is history but a fable agreed upon. time dissipates to shining ether the solid angularity of facts.*
so if the nationals lose 10 of 13, and we win 12 of 13, we're going to win the nl east. i've somehow convinced myself this is possible.
it is possible!!!
look who's here! it's
brand new tune
what sizes did you find ???
i don't recall it was on ebay. i doubt they're for sale anymore
here are the section 1 football standings for each league through three weeks:
something's amiss in aa-c. mamaroneck beat white plains in week 1.
still playing destiny huh thought that game was rip
still a top game viewed on twitch......
what do you wanna know?
what part of it, lyrically or content wise in general, was most difficult for you? a lot feels personal and i feel like it would
guys he looks so annoyed bc some girl was trying to take his wristband. he almost hit her with the drum stick lmao
bruh im crying dark josh fucking rise
they should bet you stay and be on and bring in too. you both got screwed bigtime!
thanks !! i would love the opportunity to play the game !!! thanks so much !
my favorite part of including "jill stein" in tweets are the people wearing foil helmets who will randomly @ you about the lizard people.
chemtrails dont melt steel beams or wifi
told you they were here: puck daddy's &amp; shooting pregame video with team north america fan
coordinated shoe game?
still a top game viewed on twitch......
one of the top games
administration to announce federal guidelines tomorrow for the "responsible testing and deployment of automated vehicles."
ur at cosme and ur tweeting that? food is great, eat.
tough day so i'm getting tipsy and playing overwatch...
i can be there in about an hour!
[black hole blues] *what is history but a fable agreed upon. time dissipates to shining ether the solid angularity of facts.*
[music in the soul can be heard by the universe] *..hawking tries to trick one with bird puns. toucan play that game..* -mit
wrath of the machine gear perks:
that armor looks hella sick
- exorcist ii: the heretic -$6.96 (59% off):
iii is actually good but i can't resist a 6 dollar blu!
yes, nsuserdefaults always constructs a full search list, including kcfpreferencesanyuser...
...in this case that part of the search list is irrelevant to you, so the failure of it is harmless and expected.
some c#, ruby/rails, and java shops "get it"
some tell me i have to learn to like front-end and ui, when i enjoy server app guts
where were those egg things again?
in cases at the bar of the lied lodge!
one month ago today, this happened!
what an amazing group
what part of it, lyrically or content wise in general, was most difficult for you? a lot feels personal and i feel like it would
be super tough (for me at least) to share parts of my life like that with the world, know what i mean?
when discussing does discuss &amp; sub minimum wage labor? if not, why not?
my parents came here on system. their employers hated them bc they couldn't be terrorized &amp; exploited.
why judy hoops is racist :'(
what do you mean fruitbowl.
i just spent 2 hours talking to a single girlfriend who adopted a child 16 years ago. what i thought seemed nearly impossible is beautiful.
"it hasn't been easy," she said, "but it's been the greatest gift of my life." (for years they shared a 425 sq ft nyc apt with a twin loft.)
the 2016 map is moving toward trump. but not enough. not yet.
as possibility of a djt presidency becomes more real he will fade. he benefits from no 1 believing he'll win - reality scares people
relive moments from cod xp with some proper soundtracking by
this was an incredible edit, wow
oh snap! sorry, jimbo.
so cold!
please get better soon
ugh i'm trying lovey
thanks to scott of for helping made a pre-columbian pizza of the americas. "disgusting," per scott...
(this means all ingredients hail from americas before 1492. squash, corn, potato, peppers, no cheese.)
[music in the soul can be heard by the universe] *..hawking tries to trick one with bird puns. toucan play that game..* -mit
*...it showed that the universe must have begun with a singularity, if einstein's general theory of relativity is correct...*
my wife wants to watch the voice
do whatever she says.
the insufferable yogi reposted and lowered her requested rent by $100 but still sounds unbearable.
also she still specifically requests that you text not call bc calling interrupts the music that she plays during her classes -
pro-putin party wins duma elections decisively despite low turnout
- of course, it was rigged.
to , , you need to act. you need to address &amp; so many other pressing issues. why wait?
yrs do your fucking job babies are being born with zika, but let your family get this , you'll .......
*...it showed that the universe must have begun with a singularity, if einstein's general theory of relativity is correct...*
*i noticed, those who claim everything is predestined, &amp; we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the street*
hitler did nothing wrong
the four words that if you hear on a date you cry check please and flee!
column filed for . it contains 14 cybers, plus some quotes from and , amongst others.
. verballed again, huh? this is getting tiresome.
updates from the apple show in london courtesy of emmet. gc goals
emmett isn't a real person
birthday appreciation for ily now we can go to fred
okay crying bc rat poc
i'm not sure, the reason on his immigration reentry form for his visit to afghanistan was vacation.
just checked he was born there. may still have family there??
6 to 8 weeks for harry kane. huge blow for 877-629-4614
rest may do him some good stan as everyone keeps telling us he's tired ..
appeals court: john doe's identity in case to remain secret
leave a trail of donuts, john doe will appear.......
like obviously theo got ortiz, pedroia, etc, but wow this team is super good and cherington seems like he deserves a bunch of credit.
his "worst" decisions were hanley and porcello. at this juncture it's a legit shame he's gone.
i would wait and evaluate. relaunching with different rewards won't really make a big difference.
oh yeah of course, i'm not just changing the rewards though. i'm changing the whole manufacturer and everything so either
switching it up this week for a .
that's a great shot! love what ford did with this car!
so you thought a jet black iphone was a good idea.
get a jet black iphone they said,it'll be fun they said!! lol
one can do exactly what the cops tell you to do and still end up dead.
there is obviously a problem. how to resolve? and pls don't say kneel down against the flag.
"daisy does the niners" is up and spoiler alert: daisy is not excited about the state of this team: via
i just can not with gabbert. even with the win against the rams he was garbage. i hope he thanked hyde for saving his ass.
definitely naming a child felicia just so i can say that whenever i drop them off anywhere.
and just constantly send her gifs of ice cube that she won't understand.
updates from the apple show in london courtesy of emmet. gc goals
emmet isn't real
replied to something and then stayed tagged in a long thread with tangents ahaha sorryyyyyy
lol it's ok just funny
oh yeah of course, i'm not just changing the rewards though. i'm changing the whole manufacturer and everything so either
way it's going to be awhile before a relaunch.
thank you for making me feel like a fairy princess!
- you look beautiful!!
hello, can you follow me for technics assitent? thank!
just followed you. let us know how we can help or please email us at support.com and we'll reply asap
a nation without borders is not a nation at all. we will make america safe again! !
shut the fuck up bitch.
i'm betting gimble. if that's software stabilization it's
it's software stabilization but not the incredibly shitty imovie version. it's hyperlapse at 1x.
nothing, is just the trump thing.
trump isn't racist.
2014 plan by palo alto sky posse for moving big sur to sunnyvale. seems that "sacrificial noise corridors" are fine...
your ability to distort the truth is incredible no one is suggesting moving noise to sunnyvale
hopefully, if he doesn't happen to win, he will come back on the
who knows? he might be bitter that is not backing him but rather hillary.
you been watching too much big bang theory
worse than that, i took astronomy as my science core and now i swear i can do it
it's really sad what a bad job can do to you
ugh, when u're a teachr &amp; in a bad job sitch ur students feel it too. working conditions are students'learning conditions.
i really been in a hooping mood
go hoop then !
rew team looking fresh in black chic
i can't believe how coordinated you all were! amazing!!!
that was three weeks ago
just saw that...when is tonight's show so the world can watch??
trying to fill out a donation request and only getting an error online - any advice or someone to email? thanks.
so sorry about that-call us at (415) 379-8000 or email at info.org and we'll get you sorted. (thx for your support!)
nigga got a farm on his crib smh
that boy ballin
do you not remember grape flavored ne-hi? holy cow that stuff was fire!
i don't think we had ne-hi on the east coast, we had welshes and i had walmart on sunday. oh we had shasta too.
the whole blonde section are beauty supply wigs.
girl you fire. yass get it queen. i want to buy bundles so bad
north carolina a&amp;t turned out for the mothers of the movement...over 200 students
so awesome! thank you!
i have spent years listening for a term to replace 'pimp' because i hate it. haven't found anything better yet.
what's wrong with foiled? nerds, i swear. what other group could struggle with such a solvable issue?
rio paralympics 2016: memorable moments via
a picture is worth a thousand words. this one is fabulous. what a beautiful smile!
nra board member ted nugent: the victims of the minnesota stabbing spree were "pathetic" and "embarrassing"
who is ted nugent?
give the rt he's fishing for
quiet down and get back to your sports commentary no ones checkin for
also she still specifically requests that you text not call bc calling interrupts the music that she plays during her classes -
- so like ... there's that.
steve martin's 'meteor shower' sets old globe sales record - the san diego union-tribune
sir, i can't wait to see this october 1st. hope i get to tell you in person how much your art means to me. congrats!
what do you wanna know?
inspiration for the artwork ?
i quite like the minimal look, but looking at your twitter description i see you may be slightly biased in that regard haha
you mean you want only the url? might be an employee thing, but this is what i see on web. (on android it...
you know how turned on girls get when you grab them by the head with both hands and make out with them after they give you head?
you putting niggas onto game, chill
that was three weeks ago
your watch live button goes to that show!
how much more evidence do people need to understand that there is a legitimate problem going on
and that the are the problem.
does that mean the data should be going through (&amp; prints the error message), or does the read completely fail?
you'll need to check the details of the error message. it should print which source is failing.
bundy ain't cy young man and you ain't the 27 yankees. stop over exaggerating. if he made a better pitch, inning over.
lol i'm not a red sox fan dude. the solution is not to walk betts every game for a lineup as good as boston's. sorry
then if thats the case, focus on your own private flaws and leave my flaws to god. i love you and i celebrate you!
it's a shame pastor you got caught, now face the people that you wanted to lock her up
you are a good person dawn.. sorry didn't realise you had to fly.. what state are you in?
thank you sweetie. xo i'm in new york state. near albany.
pboc: property valuations are unsustainable, unless we add more credit. problem solved
what could possibly go wrong?!
what's good? lll
i really don't know what he talking about
you were great. sorry we didn't have more time. really enjoyed the book. you're nuttier than we are! write another book
lol i am... this one about people who pursue relationships with prisoners! tentatively titled love lockdown
maybe this will make it easier. this is from lane's lexicon arabic -...
the scholarly muslim sources i go on prove you wrong.
it's time to do anything we can to help. come hang out with me for a night in nyc so we can do our part.
any chance you're doing one of these on the west coast or do i need to check my miles? :-)
for me, the biggest advantage to higher resolution is better anti-aliasing for text (better readability.) not color.
i think the original research was on text. readability went up faster with color depth than resolution per memory cost.
this is the story needs to hear.
i'm hoping to do a podcast with her soon. i'll keep you posted. it's a gorgeous story. and it's possible.
what two-bit publication did you get that narrative from; you're a frickin' robot, maybe i'll program you to get my martini
and you are asleep.
the tpp to me is a telling prediction of the candidates plans for our economy. trump has adamantly opposed it.
both opposed now. must find another way to access those markets. bullying trade partners won't get it done tho.
my bosses are so good to me i'm cry
happy birthday you angel
this is what steve jobs dreamed of
i appreciate the name of this group chat
is political, religious, scientific, and philosophical discourse freed or constrained by social media?
- i think so.
does that mean the data should be going through (&amp; prints the error message), or does the read completely fail?
if it's a current-user one, that represents a real failure
harold and kumar commentate top 8 dairly beloved. sfat, duck, macd + more. rt for love:
holy shit i tagged the wrong
hugh hefner, playboy founder, at his mansion, chicago, 1966. by burt glinn (14 photos)
in a parallel universe hef would be called a pimp.
it's amazing the lion guard is my favorite movie and i think is a great and cute theme for parties
i love the music and the illustrations of it's very sweet.
a ~coworker asked me how i can love hrc when she "lies about everything." so i asked what lie. she said, "her health." this was a doctor.
i went in on her as my "boss" starting talking about how it's an echo chamber and nonsense. she regretted it. as she should.
what's the name of that chicken spot you get the wings from? thanks man
which wings?
maybe this will make it easier. this is from lane's lexicon arabic -...
lashings, crucifixions, child marriages etc. keep your filth to yourself.
this man told her "say you're ready to be a single mother" then buss in her
this shit wild man
i can tell who drafted adrian peterson on their fantasy team just looking at people's faces walking down market street.
what's the difference between peterson drafters and giants fans?
you can avoid reality, but you can not avoid the consequences of avoiding reality. ayn rand
so true, love ayn rand, all her books, the virtue of selfishness is good, short book
is looking good
he sure does!!
i'll bring the and
don't forget the
no 3500 were slip &amp; fall cases. the left only has lies to back them up
for me more than any thing his inconsistency is a main problem,an indian boy was thrown out from his rally.
y'all, rami can still come to the cookout if you want him to. he doesn't have to be black. just tell him to bring faygo. +50 pts for grape.
he was always invited to my cookout. him and his twin brother. they gotta bring water though because the thirst oh the thirst
meh. it saves typing if i just copy'n'paste your shit, and it gives the impression i've done some research.
i subscribe to your view that the best research involves beer
nice! great park, eh? i'm really enjoying my visit.
yes it is! yes, you seem to be. i'm enjoying watching your posts pop up. have a great time!
we had that serengeti sunset here as well. global warming or just lucky?
that's beautiful. can't prove it, but fall sunsets are quite often like this.
i would wait and evaluate. relaunching with different rewards won't really make a big difference.
i probably should have mentioned that in the initial tweet that the whole thing will be changed and not just the rewards
monday! like/comment/rt for a chance to win a wf vip coupon!
my fav is coconut!! yum!
"i'm not a youth anymore, i am wise." -stel talking about being a junior instead of a freshman
it's not a look it's who you are
that's no way to get a job, dan.
they won't hire me. i'm looking to get work elsewhere maybe...
wow.. that is so true. made me tear up especially today.
sorry to upset you... but its the truth and it sux..
americans, do you know what the term "chalk and cheese" means?
sure. never hear it used here though.
should god nerf humans?
humans were too op, in 2015 they were nerfed to buy into right wing idiot racist shit, now more balanced vs tree sloths
just cuz someone helped get you on doesn't mean that person's crap shouldn't be called out.
i agree gotta respect everyone , that has to be a given
the road to hell is paved with acoustic covers of r&amp;b songs.
lol i wrote precisely this article once
happy new week david and friends!
god bless you and god bless america
business expense! lalaland! tax write off! loving opening night! &amp; at least one drink paid for!
that case is getting stronger!
so this account is posting a bunch of art, including mine and i asked them to take it down. this was their reply:
what a way of trying to sound professional... about a twitter bot that posts porn
i may be partial, but my stepdaughter is wayyyy prettier than that model she idolizes.
awe thanks, haha i just idolize her because she speaks her mind, and who else is thai/caucasian
and you are right montel, ive made a lot more mistakes in my past than cnn talked about. but im thankful im
so please pastor you owe hilary a sorry for that lock her up, before you had any real evidence
.: a lot of the rhetoric we've heard from has been seized on by terrorists.
what a bunch of stupidity . everything that comes out of her mouth are lies,.
my team na shirt from came in just in time
yesssss
it's been two weeks and i haven't even finished unpacking my room otl
wow this looks like my room
rio at night from sugarloaf mountain
amazing photograph. have a wonderful journey home.
what two-bit publication did you get that narrative from; you're a frickin' robot, maybe i'll program you to get my martini
you are being controlled by a con man. his videos have been used to recruit new terrorists. look it up.
labour mps please note: the main problem with corbyn is not that he's unelectable but that he's wrong, intellectually and morally repugnant
that. and he's useless.
everyone who keeps saying pepe isn't "really" a symbol of bigotry - is david duke tweeting him enough proof for you?
actually it is not-until a hate group put nazi swastikas on him-he was pretty innocuous
when did you serve bro?
i didn't, but i'm not running for president. i know better than to think i should be commander-in-chief....................bro.
this sophomore girl was bitching bc my friends and i were talking in tagalog
who r u bih we're not even talking to you
man fuck that lol
especially if it were to get shut down like nah i'm a need a caucasian venue honestly, truly
they prove the dictionary wrong?!?!?!?!?!
al azhar is a top islamic school. put the word jihad in.
so, it appears that clock boy has been busy
paul combetta asked reddit forum for help to delete vip emails!
if you're bar requires you to cross through 6th and 23rd, we need to get you a new bar
pick one and i'll meet you there tomorrow. and the bar was chipotle!
buy these! napalm (l) suffocation (l) vulgar (xl) truth (xl)
how much for the vulgar display shirt
the canelo injury is perfect for them. takes more time. still need 160 warm up then ggg and its early 2018 with ggg getting older...
canelo fights billy or david at 160 next may then ggg in the fall.
haus of plv designs, probably one of my favorite looks of the night. i hit center runway.
hit center runway then pose. in my haus of plv designs.
$100 is not enough of a discount.
"live with me for free" isn't enough.
*i noticed, those who claim everything is predestined, &amp; we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the street*
[stellar tidal disruption] *...cool, calm &amp; collecting...* {remote access trojan: agent j} -matrix reloaded
i may be partial, but my stepdaughter is wayyyy prettier than that model she idolizes.
awe thanks, haha i just idolize her because she speaks her mind, and who else is thai/norwegian
how's the game? sure looks pretty.
the new one probably has the best graphics i've seen in a driving game, and forza is always fun. i think it's on pc this year.
so now i have to "whore" myself out bc i believe in unifying all races as americans. blessings montel, peace to you
pastor you lied, now say sorry
they prove the dictionary wrong?!?!?!?!?!
islam is the cancer of the world. i will never back off.
lol i wrote precisely this article once
you a real one.
holy cow, that was fun! ty 4 this insane dress &amp; 4 gorgeous earrings! team had a blast...
sweet! you should've got a nomination just for being fabulous! (and jonathan should've won!)
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
on the night trayvon martin was killed.....he just bought skittles from the store. so not funny.
hiii immy, how are you? hope you're doing great.. miss you on
thank you lovely dear. say hi at
it scared you? haha is that what you mean?
nah. more like made me that angry. i did this one mission like 100 times
exactly. they have no problem killing unarmed black men but they can't put a few dozen rounds into a terrorist? come on now
i don't get it. it's like they're being protected. dis you see the amt of ppl saying it wasn't terrorism at first? obvious 2 me.
wait is what true ?
you is moving back to rialto
[stellar tidal disruption] *...cool, calm &amp; collecting...* {remote access trojan: agent j} -matrix reloaded
confession time? here's what i got soft hair on black holes i~open~sourced a-plot a private dic~tator now we call the shot{s}
that is slow. can you press/hold the reset button in the back of the router for 30 seconds. ^acm
will do - i'll follow up with you later after i do that speedtest again.... thanks!
billion dollar rights fees just pay for themselves i suppose
maybe if everyone was less greedy the product wouldn't suck, is kinda my point.
full &amp; instant disclosure ---&gt; clerk's office fees: my wife and i are on the list
thanks for coming forward sean. speaks volumes to your integrity.
"the less i know the better" // tame impala &amp; "oh no" // andrew bird are the most relevant song lyrics to my life rn
is the first one the one u showed me w the crazy music video?
report: all three clintons called secret service 'pigs' -breitbart via (u want this trash back in wh)
clintons are the pigs, more like boars
this is not ideal.
oh crap. sorry to see that.
son, bananas are disgusting. ily. thx
my net worth is currently &lt;$2000 you gotta do what you gotta do
in jim cooley's open-carry america, even a trip to walmart can require an ar-15
- sheesh! i want to move to a different planet!
guys they are trying to make me eat frog legs, is that meat
i honestly feel too bad to eat the frog legs but it looks good for those who about that life
today our jets returned to bath for a solid 3 hour session- getting in shape for launch night
4pcs le bain bathroom
i'm still not adapt with ios10 but do have the official guide. no good if i can't peruse thought it just yet.
my phone just feels so slow with ios10
thx for information: pls refer to the terms &amp; conditions.
the t&amp;c don't specify, so i'm asking you. if we participated last year can we do so again?
at second panel of day presented by - absolutely superb on both- despite some v (necessarily) bureaucratic themes!
you're a glutton for punishment.
the hillbots don't think for themselves, they just spit out the same old talking points that hillary spouts off
liberals think for themselves conservatives are sheep that follow.
amazing savings at bed, bath, and beyond
4pcs le bain bathroom
you will be missed
you ok tom? i know how losing a trump imbecile must hurt
what do your neighbors think when you sit on your porch taking pictures in sasha's merch?
they ask me how did i find the merchandise and have i met her before ? i say yes.
you nice bro, make straight
thanks man much appreciated
bill clinton did rape several women &amp; hillary defended a child rapist
as a lawyer,one has to defend,my father was the best criminal lawyer.defended lot of criminals,veryrelegious.
starts in 30 mins! join us 8pm edt at or
love jeff hiller! and went to summer camp with tonn
i'm currently being elbowed over and over again by the woman next to me who has decided to braid her hair
oh come on people
noah syndergaard at 74 pitches through 3 ip. 3, 0, mid-3
maybe noah should concentrate more on baseball instead of making psa's
dude get some eggs, mix em up with bananas, fry em and that's a weird pancake that tastes pretty good
in brazil sometimes we eat bananas with our rice and beans
jason, your one hilarious dude. you must be cool hanging around with
thanks im pretty cool i can hang with the best of them u pretty cool 2
that explains a lot.. you're obnoxious af
of course you see all my tweets. you're still addicted to your phone puto!
petition to take pretzels out of munchies chips
doesn't have enough pretzels!! send them to me
are you a christian christopher?
there it is! the usual muslim attempt to change the focus.
there's always a cute blonde
my expression when i meet a smart women and twitter is full of them.
that's a terrible take. have you seen betts' numbers? on a winning team. give trout the award every other year but reward betts
yeah right, reward a player for having better players around him. makes total sense.
i played video games on my grandma's computer with legit 8" floppies
i mean we had an amiga 500 at home when i was in elementary school
who r u bih we're not even talking to you
we can speak in whatever language we want and that does not concern you
add rose water and coconut oil to a warm bath. soak for 20 minutes, then rinse. beautifies and softens your skin.
4pcs le bain bathroom
no. voting third party is not "helping" trump. please stop this bullshit.
trump's supreme court picks will destroy lives for generations
.: we might see more terror strikes around the country; our leaders are "stupid"
that they are.they are extremely stupid.
just give it up bro . your phone always cracked lol
this my first ever cracking this phone
when you're taking a bath but your favorite song comes on the radio and you have to sing along
4pcs le bain bathroom
"i can't believe she friendzoned me," he grumbled, soaking in a tub of axe body spray next to his mannequin in an anime girl mask.
he says he has a mannequin, but if you visit his parents basement, it's out for repair in canada.
so attacks by are because they don't trust the police? hillary's sick victimization narrative is gett...
still blaming the police... amazing
lmaooooooo out here with the roman empire and shit smdh lmaooooo
lmfao hittin dance moves with my nigga caesar n shit.
so people talking shit about contracts? i actually play the game along with rip packs so i have 28k in contracts don't mean i didn't rip 8k!
lmao you kno i have to break balls lol
so manny memories this summer i'll look back on
omg the second pic
. praises 's cinematic achievements in :
1. i must say, never seizes to amaze; just saw this movie and now i fee like watching it again.
yay! first like! keep on the great work buck! keep on inspiring!
thank you!!!
do you not remember grape flavored ne-hi? holy cow that stuff was fire!
i meant welche's grape soda
are you a christian christopher?
heard it all before. will not stop turning people against islam.
pepe agrees.
pepe stranding
liberals think for themselves conservatives are sheep that follow.
read this article written by a neuroscientist. explains everything.
i must have missed kinnock's premiership. all i recall is him falling over on the shoreline
how about tony blair's? most successful labour leader of all time.
where's tebow?
in the parking lot, with thor's command
add your name now to join the millions of americans who are with hillary all the way to the white house!
your incompetent # paul c. went to reddit to ask for help on how to delete vip emails!
uodate: its a ducking jumping spider i need an ambulance im cryinf rn
its fuckinf back
mine and convos have me weak
i'm so weak ily
me when anyone tries talking to me when im in a bad mood
i think i've used this line before.
totally me rn
what's on your mind
i did that with a fractured foot for like two days before i actually went to the doctor, freaking sucks
omg same i broke my foot last year and i was walking on it and everything! i went to the doctors the next day. it suckkks
linda cohn just mispronounced leo draistil's name...credibility level 0
she is a ranger fan...
a man whose only loyalty is to his own bank account should never be president. watch:
what about a woman who is all consumed with power &amp; greed, should we stop her from renting out lincoln ' s bedroom again?
and she wants to increase it by 500% she is unfit usable ...
comunist lover
love jeff hiller! and went to summer camp with tonn
sorry, my child is climbing all over me. that would be robbie roth. also she just bit me. hi!
sony's asked me to write about "the equalizer," my favorite tv show of the 1980s
thanks for the rt!
the 'follows you' thing gives me a lil happiness everyday :)
pause sis when this happen
's skeleton "press conference" she copies when she's "on camera" with her plane in the background
again with the water for a 3 minute talk.
they say that until the evidence is so overwhelming so we don't stereotype i assume. nobody buys it though.
yeah they are blind. no one uses a damn pressure cooker except for muslims.
got it, yeah it's the current user. any suggestions for fixing it? can see if i can reproduce in a sample project
any chance i could get a sysdiagnose off the device? otherwise, what's it say about why it failed in the log?
i finally got to watch . it's basically filmed on my block.
did i just see ron jeremy as a prisoner?
how come you did not get a piece of that action. i can c u getting the locked in.
and when situation was totally under control someone from local business let guy run away.
ummm big mistake - has cost her dear.....difficult to know what to make of it......
it wasn't a mistake. if she had a legitimate med reason she could have done a tue after the fact and it would have been fine
thanks boo! i've worked with diff hair company's so if you need help with where to buy i gotchu.
thank you baby! i will definitely be asking you for sure.
core american values are apparently, too soft and girly for the republican candidate.
they have been since we endorsed torture. (thanks john yoo!)
does that mean she knows better than all the 27 other eu member states what they will do?
knows / hopes appear to be interchangeable!
aaron blair has held the mets hitless thru 3 ip. 3, 0, end 3
aaron blair is out pitching noah syndergaard, pathetic they don't even deserve to go to the wild card game
who's on the show tonight?
chris pratt, scott bakula, and the handsomest horse in the world.
our mookie is the best mookie of all the mookies
game 6 mookie's the best mookie.
if you never served, what gives you the right to ask why someone else didn't? hillary nor barrack served. what say you?
i don't remember hrc or barack finding excuses on 3 different occasions not to serve. you're either stupid or u assume i am...
it was a real treat to see all the young talent that showed up to steal my drawing secrets yesterday!
what is up with all the kids and their like, anodized titanium rainbow sunglasses?
i looked at it from another angle. he took three steps and hit him. it was late. i was wrong.
holy crap, honest discourse on twitter. the end is nigh.
keep fit! extra 25% off women's activewear from jillian michaels &amp; everlast sport from kmart ~semi annual home...
extra $10 off $35+ shoes for the w/ code ~up to 50% off carseat covers etc
trump campaign offering prizes to volunteers who make the most trump phone bank calls. who pays for this, legally s...
probably like his policy folks who never were paid and they quit. false promises like everything else he offers.
poor butch is still smitten
can you blame him?
i didn't get a gold ticket and my grandma died this week. this is a bad week
and my flight is late
how many times does one need to hear the same lies?
as many times is necessary. it's like in war we attack it! truth must prevail!
"artisanship in fashion is about storytelling."
so nice to be part of such a fab panel yesterday. thank you!
get used to it, patriot nation: you're not winning the next 2 games with jacoby brissett
2 years ago me: wow this guy hates the pats. current me: wow trolling pats fans does look fun. (i say this as a pats fan)
northfield 5 classic gent
7 classic gent sugg k $4.20 $3.20 $2.40
thank you for the dressing room tour!
what do i have to do to get a dressing room tour? i have my work id from the public....
and i once wrote about *hoping* the iphone never got bigger than the 5!
you've given me-and i'm sure millions of others-hope for the future. i'm tilting even more to the plus.
there are more pixels in your pocket than planets in our galaxy ()
need imaginary pixels
i think trump will seize this terrorist attack as his opportunity. the debate, 1 wk from today, will be his chance to hit it hard.
hater, one minute your for hilary and the next your kissing trump ass, please take points from lawrence
generally, if someone hasn't helped or served anyone or been generous at all &amp; that person is 70 years old, he's probably not gonna start.
people aren't voting for trump bc they he'll be helpful or kind.they're voting for him out of spite bc he will shit on ppl
we had all those in the mid west. if you really want to try crack check put sam's club grape mtn. lightning :d
i don't really drink soda &amp;nothing but maybe ginger ale in years but my friend wanted it.it was addictive.i made him take it home
i really don't promote my dad's work.. but this season is something i think would be dope for everyone to watch
survivor: millenials vs gen x starts this wednesday at 8 on cbs
no. it is not. i feel like even if she was offering payment, it would have to be quite a bit.
i quite agree. last week's discussion conclusion still stands: this person has a schedule and lifestyle that requires living solo.
make ko vs reigns a cage match
fucking called it
youngman,i think you're an incredible talent,&amp; would work with you any time! attitude!sbm
thank you so much! it truly means a lot to me and am unbelievably humbled by the support. thank you! i hope to do you proud!
oh ok, because he was indian you don't like trump, if he was italian i wouldn't care
trump hasn't said one good thing to get my vote.i am independent.voted for bush sr.reagan.trump not for me.
nobody in america should have to forgo a higher education because they can't afford it.
your foundation should pay for it. ha ha ha
i don't trust people who rather have kfc than popeyes
neverrrrrrrr. except their coleslaw is pawpin
here's the donald trump insult supercut that america needs right now. feel free to chime in with your own!
the tribe will verify, i said last year that a supercut of chris' best trump takedowns would be awesome. i was right. points!
guess who gets to work on the new jennifer walters series w the awesome for marvel? this girl.
between this and being super, i'm stoked for your books.
if you never served, what gives you the right to ask why someone else didn't? hillary nor barrack served. what say you?
trump was drafted. those two weren't. i don't mind him avoiding service; i mind him acting like he's a tough guy. we know what..
he sat for hundreds of photographs as a social mission to combat stereotypes. but the brother was fly as hell too
like to add to this if i could: people don't give fd enough credit as a writer. he invented modern writing style
first day back on a treadmill in like way over a year. lord have mercy on me
yo i feel you
good way for you to get blocked on my snapchat
ridiculous
survivor: millenials vs gen x starts this wednesday at 8 on cbs
don't worry, it doesn't interfere with american horror story
that explains a lot.. you're obnoxious af
you are the one telling me these things usually too smh
the bath bomb featured in the newest is great! smells so good.
4pcs/set le bain dispenser bathroom
are self driving cars overhyped
good question. i think the controversy is the where the overhype originates
nothing like a bath to make a kid wanna take a crap.
4pcs/set le bain dispenser bathroom
have a great night friends . i love you and so grateful for your friendship and all you share
don't forget lots of cardio
hah. sometimes i write stuff and my editors are like, "say what?"
"apples and oranges" gets you partially there
seperated for just a week would you fall out of love no we would try to figure out how to get to new york or bring her to texas
james is willing to put in the work to do that hell us fans would fly her to texas
if you wanna build a team with 2 injury risks at pg one of your top priorities should be a vet capable of playing big mins
100% agree. kind of unthinkable not to have that.
so a normal night.
roman reigns getting booed out the building lol same old stuff
if you never served, what gives you the right to ask why someone else didn't? hillary nor barrack served. what say you?
...he chose to do when he had the choice to serve his country. he wussed out.
my polisci teacher in here spazzing for no reason.
he dead screaming. this is life for him lol
dr. panda bath time by dr. panda
4pcs/set le bain dispenser bathroom
people: "baths are gross" " i would never take a bath" " you're sitting in your own filth" me: living the life :d
4pcs/set le bain dispenser bathroom
how come you did not get a piece of that action. i can c u getting the locked in.
at that point, i did what the victim was screaming and i called 911 but then resumed my uber share to drop luggage
i'm sorry you feel that way, but i and many other american muslims have protected you and others consistently.
nation building did not benefit america. like this muslim con artist?
poll recap: so much for 'gradual pace'
i am always impressed by how your followers lead the market!
so happy! this week so far... best: new twitter friends. worst: stupid bath!
4pcs/set le bain dispenser bathroom
don't worry, it doesn't interfere with american horror story
but let's be real: no reality show has as many dedicated fans as survivor
mount 2 ocean city c v's monster man actium+++
3 c v's monster man bracho a $3.80 $2.40 $2.20
hanover is pretty lucky, they got their own bath bomb!
4pcs/set le bain dispenser bathroom
tfw you see the actor playing claudius having dinner with the actor playing gertrude at
definitely not a case of "i'll have what she's having" amirite?
niggas buy flowers for cheating? pussies.
that's what i heard
s/o to natural beauty for this birthday cake scented medicated bath bomb
4pcs/set le bain dispenser bathroom
every candle i love at bath and body works has some kind of "amber" scent nice
4pcs/set le bain dispenser bathroom
i like ramsey bolton in the sickest way someone fix me pls
you are the worst person
get u a girl who can bake
what are thoseee
i liked a video giant cereal bowl bath
4pcs/set le bain dispenser bathroom
did mick just say wwf network?
whooo.....i feel good!
cold air is on the move across the northern hemisphere later this week, any implications for this winter?...
so i am not sure but i believe u r saying not a cold snowy winter in the northeast but too soon to tell. no, yes?
lady brought her dog to the gym
your gym doesn't have a dog parking area?
how pak will tackle this well planned step to divert kashmir issue? india to raise uri attack in un general assembly
they are trying to hide the atrocities committed by its army and to silence the sympathetic voices of the world. they will los
i liked a video from fifa 17 breakfast cereal bath forfeit challenge!!!
4pcs/set le bain dispenser bathroom
remember when hillary supposedly got turned down from joining marine corp?and that was later debunked. so did you ask her about it?
i don't remember any women being drafted for vietnam. i see you're choosing 2 ignore trump aspect. b/c u know he's a phony.
why do you think it is bad to struggle in the cause of god?
warfare to spread islamic rule is cancer.
while the two-tone mud look was a nice accent, little cruze definitely looks better after a bath...
4pcs/set le bain dispenser bathroom
are you tuning into at 8/7c ? watch &amp; tonight ...
absolutely. i love watching new &amp; raw talent..... all genres.
the mets are depressing the absolute heck out of me.
ya gotta believe, it's still early in the game
yes, because we can control that?
never said that but it still inconvenient
* alright, but don't say i didn't warn ya.
warn me about what!?
someone needs to invent a waterproof laptop so i can do homework in the bath
4pcs/set le bain dispenser bathroom
i need a movie to watch. suggestions? no garbage movies please kthx.
what cinematic means of viewing are we talking here?
dude you've met her twice! that's amazing!
well actually 3 times. summerslam. sasha banks is bae.
"it hasn't been easy," she said, "but it's been the greatest gift of my life." (for years they shared a 425 sq ft nyc apt with a twin loft.)
at other times, they lived in hud housing in california. their neighbors were their family. everyone got involved in raising the child.
candy corn heart bath bomb set - the candy corn heart bath bomb set is perfect for halloween! the hea...
4pcs/set le bain dispenser bathroom
organic &amp; vegan friendly bath bombs aroma therapy
4pcs/set le bain dispenser bathroom
i'm sorry you feel that way, but i and many other american muslims have protected you and others consistently.
muslims selfishly changed the military to suit islam.
we made it to rhode island! you guys ready for some wicked action???
i will be there
big day for the coalition &amp; xbox! has gone gold! thanks &amp;...
congrats!!!!
google searches for "unemployment" in the u.s. slipped below the 2004-07 average last month (least since sept. 2007)
it's not about how many r still looking and/or "unemployed 4 however long.it's how many r still alive after the culling?
someone else with a child for a roommate
on that note, i'm bringing home dinner.
so overall berserk 2016 was... fine. the visuals were mostly bad but it's berserk. story/characters shine through.
i was actually best friends back in high school with a guy who went by the name of griphis and we kinda fell apart.
to spend time together.it will work love lasts no doubt in my mind that they both love each other all takes time.
yeah its not like she was in love that long then be like oh whose james lol
ah, also a good point. i haven't updated the meta info yet. i mostly use tweetdeck on pc, did not see that. thanks again! will fix!
np! and btw, if you want a tour of the twitter office next time you come to sf hit me up! you have a few fans here ;)
unbelievable this is a must watch 17 second video that will convince you not to support
i don't need to watch that bitch.
just crossed the border into my stunningly beautiful &amp; beloved newish homestate of new mexico.
it's gorgeous
why do people this it's a good idea to eat crunchy food in a quiet classroom
this is something i do
sowee na baste. happy tue everyone
oh my gosh! this is sooooo funny....galing mag-isip!
where are you?! coooooome
awaiting my ride
-tons of vitamin c -tons of liquids -makeshift hot toddy -head and neck covered any other get well immediately tips???
yes. it'll take a cpl tweets. i get respiratory ick a lot. sinus rinsing (i use neilmed squeeze bottles) really helps.
i could really use a solid hug from my boyfriend right now
can't wait till you're here
why do you think it is bad to struggle in the cause of god?
point is that you lied and already avoided one source. go waste someone else's time.
medina killing it as we head into camp
thanks man!
but let's be real: no reality show has as many dedicated fans as survivor
someone on the millenial tribe is still in high school! guys this season has potential to be so lit
... hillary clinton: "i am absolutely in favor of tough vetting"
why because your losing. another promise that will be dumped on day 1.
just talked to 10 worried postdocs. already concerned about work/life but they want to work!
btw only women postdocs showed to this work/life negotiation talk. it's a problem we need to be all in.
i'm concerned for you
ashley i'm concerned for myself
people must put aside what their race is and care about their country as a whole
the most important thing is his connection with putin.russia is our age enimy,putin has been cornered.
probably because i poured liquid soap in the container
it's still in the bag tho
no. voting third party is not "helping" trump. please stop this bullshit.
read up on how nader put bush in office as for gary johnson
what's odell back story , this nigga plays basketball , soccer , baseball &amp; obv football
nigga made sure he was getting out the hood , nigga can dance his ass off too i wouldn't be surprised if he had bars also
damn mark you're on fire these last few days
haha gotta get ready for camp!
like to add to this if i could: people don't give fd enough credit as a writer. he invented modern writing style
in order to tell his story, he had to be concise, unembellished, and subtle. let the (white) reader get the point on their own &gt;
imy more we've been apart for too long
it's been a long weekend without you
serious question: since vietnam, has hillary clinton ever opposed a war?
has trump? ask the question for both sides if you are going to ask it.
wait, i just peeped that you said 25th birthday lol. i was thinking your next birthday.
yeah i turn 25 in 2018 but even if i did save up for that date it's slow
the $100 seems laughable.
it is! but like a mirthless bitter sardonic laughable.
exclusive: nyc terror suspect was previously arrested for stabbing someone - but grand jury let him walk
i wonder if he'll make bail
howie rose with a message for fans on the return of the pb podcast
another great show. so happy it's back. i workout while listening. lgi
but you didn't comment on hillarys lie about the marine corp. yikes... those pesky little facts.
i don't know anything about hrc's lie. i'll look into it. like i said, women weren't subjected to draft. men were. trump=wuss.
very bored so here's a thread of heart eyed people
29. collins key
confirmed weeb
u an imposter tho
for 2 years i've felt obliged to suppress this thought but i can't any longer: i prefer the size of the iphone 5
same. if the se looked like the 7 - had all the features with that smaller screen - i would be sold!
seated for underground ft. and tony yazbeck ...
this cabaret convinced me tony yazbeck is *the* male broadway star of our era. he sang, tapped &amp; almost took audience requests!
i agree.but presidential candidates should at least wait for a briefing before shooting off his mouth and bragging!
is that a law? or just your personal opinion?
she works with the sharks, just thought maybe
hmmm not in my dept. there - sorry!
in a way i do appreciate shows as burberry, where they combined men and women since i cannot care less about women shows only, ciao!
although i found the looks sooo boring!
my bad, meant still only 23. and he just doesn't have it today... no need to over analyze lmao
no one is overanalyzing anything. i said he has no command because he doesn't.
&amp; it's about bloody time you guys got the shit end of waking up in the morning instead of us :p
i'm sure i don't have the shit end cause i am not waking up at 5 am lol
video won't be up till about 8 ima need all y'all to go fw it &amp; slap a like bc every youtuber done hopped on this shit now &amp; im late
video done but i had to go to dinner. that hoe up tomorrow morning on me. then i'm droppin another vid before i leave nyc
they're more comfortable than jeans but less durable which is not good for clumsy people w/ boots chewed on by dogs
yes that sounds accurate
thank u little duckling this gif is us
omg im so sad that's so cute
it didn't take einstein to figure out it was terrorism when they found the pressure cookers. get the facts first!
yes it was muslims. again.
would you be against this as american militia?
`the issue is islam and i am going to continue to turn people against it.
didn't see the geo tag? lol
aigh cool i'll just stroll around lauralton looking for it .
has anyone else noticed that the controls on lightning headphones fail to work 10% of the time? you have to unplug and plug back in...
confirms what i knew would be true...lightning headphones have software problems in the way analog never could
did he at least buy you dinner first?
nah it was a she so i don't think she felt culturally obligated to before she groped me
well emi this is a person always sucking dick metaphorically speaking it could be literal as well depending on the situation
thank you for this breakdown cas honestly i was clueless
the data is there... let him be pg let him loose:
g, i don't see how this proves a point. lin seems very low on list. but i'm terrible at understanding advanced stats. explain
thank you, i'll definitely have an eye out for you!
that's what i was hoping to hear. i think a happy hour is needed before the show.
yes. it'll take a cpl tweets. i get respiratory ick a lot. sinus rinsing (i use neilmed squeeze bottles) really helps.
you can get saline rinses at lots of drug stores, can make @ home too - just be sure to use distilled water.
in order to tell his story, he had to be concise, unembellished, and subtle. let the (white) reader get the point on their own &gt;
the style of the day was super elaborate and verbose. his writing is more like a scalpel. understated. brilliant.
study arabic please use common sense jihad comes from jahada to strive , to make effort
i will go on what al azhar says over a proven liar like you.
there's no reason to bring this evil to our midst, not even for the sake of diversity... pls watch.
i'm not saying we should do that
accidental citizens: 800 mistakenly given citizenship, watchdog says
there just destroying the usa so they can rule
this is why we aren't friends anymore
still doesn't get the eagles a ring
people in jackson will be more angry at you not sitting for the pledge than they will be about
some people think what happened was good
video done but i had to go to dinner. that hoe up tomorrow morning on me. then i'm droppin another vid before i leave nyc
debating on posting 12noon est or 3pm est
so on jeopardy tonight there was a female contestant who's name was pronounced "dorkus". i would hate my parents if i were her.
dorkus blew it in the bottom of the 9th.
apologies, but there does look to be a sizeable gap in ob service. you may want to consider using another route.
are there any plans to improve scheduling for the 7x? particularly between 5pm-6pm during peak commuting times?
protected by the constitution no less.
usc does not protect what is out to overthrow the gov't.
to clarify, fixed-term parliaments act requires two thirds majority to call early election - but corbyn will support early vote
but would only require a simple majority to overturn the act itself and then vote for dissolution. right?
hey, it's got .... character!
i walked across the cross walk &amp; felt like i was walking into san quentin
kinda like you? a guy that never served, asking someone else why didnt you serve? wow. what a hypocrite
like i said, i'm not the one running 4 president. and, i was never drafted.nice false equivalence, though.
it took 5 yrs to figure out one person was born in u.s. how long will it take him to determine birthplace of 11 m people?
he'll just get a bunch of people - terrific people by the way- to do it for him!
question of the night: what are you most excited to watch tonight?
i'll watch the news till 7 then let the kids watch cartoons. i cancelled cable and couldn't be happier.
did he turn into a demon?
nah it didn't go quite that south, and i didn't get my arm chopped either.
protected by the constitution no less.
that will change.
at other times, they lived in hud housing in california. their neighbors were their family. everyone got involved in raising the child.
single parent hh aren't ideal, my friend confesses, but better one parent than none, and to give a child a vision of what's possible.
just how important is sex to a marriage's success?
equally important--&gt;creative thinking needed! reliable objective data on advantage/disadv-damage sex before/outside of wedlock
clink clink bitch
that's so yucky omg
i like the main avengers theme a lot. and i *could* hum it to myself when prompted.
star trek's new theme is my jam.
protected by the constitution no less.
it contradicts it.
hillary americans should empathize with our enemy. but you awful deplorable trump supporters are irredeemabl...
what does she mean? should we empathize because they are incapable of feeling,or because they only know hate?
i don't remember puka shell's name but he's the worst of them all.
pretty sure you're talking bout logan
this gif has already been used, i'm so
lol but dogs are great you can never use them enough
also, lol, life and death battle with smackdown
if we lose in the ratings we'll being mildly embarrassed and vince will fire paul heyman, again, for his success for some reason
if people dont get laid because of your app you cant call it a social network
"'how will this software get my users laid' should be on the minds of anyone writing social software" 2005
safe to say that i've grown up a bit since then one of my early 5k races with my dad!
this picture makes me sad, but in a good way. it reminds me of my dad; he passed away to stage 4 lung cancer on 1/9/14! :'(
happy birthday to my brother
old navy, and velcro shoes , happy bday to the kid
so i slept in till noon and then took a nap from 5-7pm lol. and i'm still tired.
are u playing along on the voice app
i don't want these pg snaps. where are the real snaps, matt.
stop being trashy, brandon!
layers don't know business trump does
putin connection is very scary,when a businessman becomes politicians,you have to worry.wall,trump co.make $$
hell yeah! we gotta hang still. it's been too damn long
it has!!!! you gotta let me know your schedule cause i know you a busy woman!
umphrey's book?
we all know umphrey's fans can't read
well he is off nt. funny thing is if he just showed up and then kept it clean others would get banned
true haha. seriously though, when are you coming back to us?? it's like the wild west in there now
kinda like you? a guy that never served, asking someone else why didnt you serve? wow. what a hypocrite
i know you're tired of the country not being as white as it used to be. but is trump really the best you can do?
yeah in the beginning i hated how chris kept saying "ok" but he ended up blowing rudy out of water!
i was ready to switch channel when saw rudy coming on. glad i didn't ---- good seeing chris play hardball!
thank you for sharing your story with us at , empowering us to take charge of our work-life balance
thanks ! enjoyed it as always.
help our friends reach their goal for ! so close!
thank you so much! our girls had such a great time meeting your kickass team! :)
there are good people in ?
you betcha!!
it's surprising the things people take pride in.
it is, but more than half the time the reason for calling themselves "trash tier" isn't even what makes them bad. it's the "in" thing
i dare some idiot on here to try and justify this. rest in power
what's terrifying is how they move immediately into formation blocking the dash cam yet it's still an obvious homicide
are you having vacation in us ?
hi vic!!! yes i am!! :') we'll be in the us for a month. tomorrow we fly to la!
this book gives me hope, i want to see out more like it. perhaps terry crews? he has refreshing perspectives on gender too.
ooh, i have to look him up. but +1 on the hope. this book helped me see black men in my life in a slightly different light
if i ever come back i'll drop by for a coffee okay! was in nyc last december when rob was here! talk about timing!
i'll have a pot ready! that is bad timing!
man fatally shot by tulsa police was unarmed, chief says as "disturbing" video is released
why the guck did they shoot him? what reason?
screaming and confused?
don't forget unable to see clearly
everything sucks, so i'm gonna watch wrasslin for a while.
wrestling makes everything better.... oh wait... it's monday night raw :d
how long do i have to wait to read it? add me to the waiting list!
sooner than later!!
that's cool but fewer and fewer fans will be showing up from nfl not honoring our flag
this is a college team, champ.. the miami hurricanes..
the sexiest man in :
alfred 007!!
lie about what? i can read arabic. i don't need some agenda driven mullah to interpret for me
so can the translators. your word is meaningless.
very bored so here's a thread of heart eyed people
31. shawn mendes
when are ya comin?! ur mom said u guys were coming saturday
she didn't even tell me you were there until i was leaving to the club lol but i wanna go this week
this is the avi of a racist troll who just tweeted at me and now i am so glad i sided with iron man and black widow...
i side with galactus at this point.
feds wrongly granted citizenship to over 800 immigrants facing deportation.
what a disgrace!!who ever made that supposed mistake should be fired. i know that clinton was behind this.
lie about what? i can read arabic. i don't need some agenda driven mullah to interpret for me
who cites you?
yeah, a guy that didn't serve, supporting someone that tried to "steal valor" by ducking sniper fire... typical lib hypocrite
i just don't understand how a vet can support someone who used daddy to get out of serving three times. you're being conned.
accident, two lanes blocked in on i 80 eb at richards blvd, stopped traffic back to ca-113, delay of 25 mins
when the road is block, does it help to drive closer together?
w/ trump leading in states across the country, will calif have to be shamed into voting trump?
w/trump leading in states across the country, will calif have to be shamed into voting trump
well i'll be's. lol.
i think that may be the work of that diane dolt...
people don't know what they're backing exactly. also! way more details in the story, more photos! :)
thank you for the tips ^^ i appreciate it. would you ever be down for maybe critiquing the design at all too via email?
i don't see any illegal activity going on though? he had his hands in the air and everything.
the locals are blind to that
wow so they're blowing up and destroying upton park for a movie. i guess we can't really complain cause it's unused but still disrespecful.
with how many movies are shot in western canada, i'm surprise it's still standing :d
trout should win but probably won't because mookie is on a playoff team and voters love that for some reason. makes no sense
right. not taking anything away from betts because he's having an awesome year, but this is nonsensical
lol good luck google if you're going to charge $649 for a base model android. no one is going to pay that.
nexus/pixel phones are mostly for enthusiasts.they don't want to price aggresively, otherwise they'd piss off android manufacturers
about a month ago w some cupcakes rt : ladies, when's the last time you randomly got flowers? not "i'm sorry i cheated" flowers..
must be nice
i don't want these pg snaps. where are the real snaps, matt.
if they'd just picked my question then we'd have gotten somewhere
"i can be with alfred, but i don't like his face." oh sheldon, you are my spirit animal.
worst show on tv
how do you know this?
oh just a crazy tweet bs.......i hope that the debate is fair but it may not be for hillary.
i just backed girls make games : blubblub: quest of the blob on
you are amazing!!! thank you! &lt;3
landon collins vs. the run
most improved player on the giants. looks like a totally different player this year.
lie about what? i can read arabic. i don't need some agenda driven mullah to interpret for me
about the meaning of jihad and ahmadis not fighting indian gov't.
having encountered numerous racists, flat-earthers, and similar skidmarks on the underwear of humanity today, i hav...
your job is to sober us up in case we get too intoxicated on optimism and hope for humanity, right?
i dont think he came out at any of the shows at the beginning..such a bummer. you're not doing anything wrong he picks them
he is playing hard to get! lol
painted header for rt and favs appreciated, hope you enjoy (:
stop spamming this in chats it was a month ago be happy with what you got cheese weasel
i was so excited to go to h&amp;m bc i thought was going to be there but then i realized i ain't home
bro u in another state how d hell
thank you for the tips ^^ i appreciate it. would you ever be down for maybe critiquing the design at all too via email?
as mentioned i'm pretty new to this, but this is something i've always wanted to do, so any advice is much appreciate
you can get saline rinses at lots of drug stores, can make @ home too - just be sure to use distilled water.
i also add 1 drop baby shampoo to a bottle full of rinse. it helps break up gunk and clear things out. gross + effective.
attention my followers: if ur not an adam/qal fan, you may want to mute me until sept 30. i will be tweeting tons a...
keep tweeting !! qal rules !!
does the trump campaign's lack of infrastructure matter in this election cycle? | getty
y u want him to lie like clinton s do
man fatally shot by tulsa police was unarmed, chief says as "disturbing" video is released
why the fuck did they shoot him? what reason?
presque 7 biography smokin aces irish cat
6 irish cat rice t b $8.00 $4.40 $3.40
i'm about to make some mac and cheese yay
whoops i'm talking to my ex again
it is, but more than half the time the reason for calling themselves "trash tier" isn't even what makes them bad. it's the "in" thing
the entire reason why they proclaim it is because it's "cool" or they saw someone they admire (why?) say it.
trying to think of a metaphor for the whale hovering over various dignitaries at unga-sideline dinner and failing.
what's blue bloated and stinks ?
am assuming you mean we/us as general (non-elected) citizenry
i think we pick from what's available. having done electoral wrk i'd say it's a little less 'us' and a little more $.
you can get saline rinses at lots of drug stores, can make @ home too - just be sure to use distilled water.
(i hope you feel better post haste. xoxo)
sorry, angelenos, i caused the rain by getting a car wash today.
but rain is a good thing
the price of the pussy going up, it keep going up.
i love her omg
my best friend knows me well hahahaha
i never read something more you
hot bubble bath and some wine is in order
share:) 4pcs dispenser bathroom set
oh wow! only way to prep for some carson wentz fireworks
you guys, it's dinner time
someone asked me what inspired me and i was like smh i am the least inspired person
what inspires me: viewing art, reading, home made s&amp;m porn from the early 2000s, putting myself in an embarrassing/vulnerable place, fury
hopefully your insurance will cover the damage.
we'll see. it's not the 90 bucks so much as the hassle... i'm sitting on the glass here!
what the fuck are you doing putting skittles in a bowl, shitbird?
if you had four trumps and just three could make the country implode would you still vote for one?
lmao bro at 1:01 i was crying
that shit was crazy lol like who does that
i think that you meant to say that "oreo-eating fat fuck" chris christie. (fixed it for you).
i didn't have enough characters. and btw you spelled twinkie wrong.
i totally forgot about getting that fixed. sorted now!
share:) 4pcs dispenser bathroom set
you're too kind.
thank you...keep up the good work
xander is doing pushups shirtless... i approve!
why can't they have chad do that too? lol.
it's not and you are an idiot - how cn it be racist? you people crying racism have watered it down to nothing
yes it is. so is the otherness the 'theres something going on there.'
instead of the dick pics can ya send money - snap prettyxeyes
dont tell me wat to so!!
needs a good bath and a good home tonight!
share:) 4pcs dispenser bathroom set
i didn't realize lush had a halloween line out and now i have to go get that pumpkin bath bomb
share:) 4pcs dispenser bathroom set
to buy a free kodak shirt or police get away with murder shirt..
i'm getting both. i ain't work hard for my money to not use it.
"you been here four hour!"
"you scare my wife! you should eat vegetable."
decided to give hidemex a go. created with the by
lol ain't shit to see!
i just wanna take a bubble bath and sleep lol
share:) 4pcs dispenser bathroom set
helped nearby drivers by reporting a moderate traffic jam on sr-4 e, concord on - drive social.
thank you for keep your vehicle moving as much as possible. keep traffic moving.
man... what a brilliant and well thought-out theory, completely unique to him in every way. seriously who could eve...
an empty head has more room for dreams.
rt : hope u beatup safaree
hey what's up the beyond beautiful and gorgeous rosa acosta ?
this candle light bubba bath n this blunt finna send me to jesus himself
share:) 4pcs dispenser bathroom set
instead of the dick pics can ya send money - snap prettyxeyes
ima send w.e i want!!
when your bestfriend facetimes in just to show you the new york sunset.
love you forever and always.
don murray is what eats at my soul ;)
i guess i can see that-except for the scene when he's in the bath tub.
fwiw, i believe international law treats the two differently, and i wish american law made 0 distinctions between them.
the vagaries of int'l law + the odd us corner case is not my gripe - it's the casual implication that nat...
always a victim? lift people up stop tearing down. i guess blaming someone else is the progressive way.
yes, poor pepe is a victim. was hijacked by the
me all the time: i don't really care about this snf or mnf game. i'll just watch the pre-game. *tv stays on the game the whole time*
"i wasn't really watching, i just had it on"
i wanna go home just for take a nice lush bath :/ you feel me?
share:) 4pcs dispenser bathroom set
pedestal sinks to change the look of your bathroom
share:) 4pcs dispenser bathroom set
how about the connection we have with saudi? they fund terrorism
saudi is sure questionable,but they buy lot of arms from us.saudi connection have been problematic.
5. sidewalk grate collapse 6. falling air conditioner 7. friend in an improv troupe 8. neighbor has bedbugs 9. getting back from ewr
fear of bed bugs is !!!
i know i should b watching sox-o's, but gm 7 of the 81 eastern conf finals is on right now.
sure your not watching dancing with the stars!!?????
explains the first step in a kitchen or bath remodel! //ow.ly/yfol304ma...
share:) 4pcs dispenser bathroom set
students learning about the brain! share the big ideas videos w/ them today!
just shared this one today!!! my mini monsters are stoked to be challenged!!! grow grow grow your brain...challenge is a must!
i would be saying nonstop walking around his town.
*this town!
three snow leopards cubs
sweet babies !!
. just gave me a tracking number to a large order to their store. in theory i could have fedex hold it and piss of their customers
. but i won't because i'm not a dick. just get me my stuff please.
we know you.. why you talking baba
you know me huh
bubble bath adventures featuring nick-nick and auntie ash.
share:) 4pcs dispenser bathroom set
nobody in america should have to forgo a higher education because they can't afford it.
hillary, we need some sort of help with student loans.
reckon it's better than a kick in the teeth.
only slightly :d
love potion, protection, prosperity magickal herbal incense by divineapothecaryshop via
share:) 4pcs dispenser bathroom set
check out this great rental we just had listed! 4 bedroom, 1 bath, $2,200 per month 1 year min. mls: 1765862
share:) 4pcs dispenser bathroom set
russia vs. the kids has begun. will it be like "red dawn," or will it be like the "red dawn" remake that i didn't see?
there's only one red dawn. that other thing was... it was not good.
aw it's okay, they only know 1 cheer. oh wait, 2. where is your seat?
behind the astros' dugout in s112.
i wonder if my charming friends are in town, yet.
we are! flew economy class on the broom
the scottish animal behaviour and rescue centre, forfar, scotland; duff loving his bath.
share:) 4pcs dispenser bathroom set
rt : hope u beatup safaree
watching love and hiphop hollywood right now .
the face that i bathed, got ready and reached my stop in 20 mins flat is an achievement by itself.
wow. it's not even six yet no?
sometimes if you respond and politely say you're not interested you get this.
what the helllllll
i added a video to a playlist pikmin 2: perfect challenge mode - episode 20 - the giant's bath!
share:) 4pcs dispenser bathroom set
giving away 5x $10 itunes / googleplay giftcards! rt like follow
my first legendary
oh yeah of course!!
cool beans. i'll send an email your way then in a little bit!
so i was sitting in the shower so im like i might as well take a bath , now im mad im in the tub cause its sooooooooooo hot
share:) 4pcs dispenser bathroom set
rick braun - full stride - china bath
share:) 4pcs dispenser bathroom set
i cannot wait to be in the lone star state
are you ready
im really sleepy after that bubble bath
share:) 4pcs dispenser bathroom set
currently staring at pastor bill stuckland thank you for this advice
adding jobs to the mix. yes. you're already a pro.
students learning about the brain! share the big ideas videos w/ them today!
.....do your best, and never quit, in yourself you must trust! (to the tune of row row row)
nobody in america should have to forgo a higher education because they can't afford it.
please tell me why mr. obama is trying to let foreign countries
i labeled them all like this, so they're obvi not a public good..... this theft was so intentional that it's silly
major update: i came back later to find that someone also stole my pf chang's leftovers and ripped the bag open around my name.
what a tease get to hunt for 2 days then have to wait till october 1.
that is like something stupid ny state would do
roman reigns kicking off . is there a football game on?
it is monday night football you know
trump is on fox news right now... for the second time today... here's my look at his fox-centric strategy:
because they are fair and every is watching fox
lol good call! yeah we do mostly tea juice water and some coffee. soda we only do at party's and what not
it definitely made me miss the pure sugar rush explosion in my brain...
&amp; pills for those things don't help neither. they do temporarily. but what happens when your body needs em eventually?
i disagree with that, some pills yeah fuck you up, but i had extreme anxiety panic attacks and all and gabapentin helped me a
i'm citing the dictionary silly.
which means nothing.
i'd love to make non-mammal much bigger. first we need some parallel sessions...
ok. how many speakers do we really need? 8? 12?
why do these people insist on bringing the military into this whole thing about protesting?
i just don't know why anyone actually gives a shit about protesting. it's not changing your life. get over it .
download the ios 10 guide for free if you haven't done so already from ibooks. it's handy.
thanks so much for the tip! will do.
issa must be scurred
is that like being scared?
i always would get mad that they would try to make enemies with russia, trump want peace
we have squeezed putin.he was responsible for blowing off the plane,that was passing from ukraine.
great election, guys, good job good effort
just like they should get over the civil war?
great election, guys, good job good effort
sigh, please tell canada that some of us here in the us, i'm sure, are good people.
i like that title... making me a desk sign and business cards as we speak :-)
ha. well, you and are my go to guys on this stuff. i'd make you desk sign but lin fans know you are da (wo)man
royalty check comes thru holla!!
let's compare with our . may the best pro win!
hillary's it guy paul combetta wouldn't chat with congress, but is this suspicious reddit post talking?
great job, comey!
*pinches your nipple
that whore. apareciendose.....
&amp; pills for those things don't help neither. they do temporarily. but what happens when your body needs em eventually?
lot and i slowly got off them and though i still have anxiety i don't have panic attacks anymore that shit really helped me
seriously! is no journalist he is definitely a birther &amp; hillary hater he is a disgrace in his bias r...
has 5 evil spawns:
first look gone wrong ;-)
loving all your love &amp; wedding photos
always a victim? lift people up stop tearing down. i guess blaming someone else is the progressive way.
reviewing your tweets i'd say you are the one blaming and tearing down!
lol are ready to stand by those words,
yes, you are a liar and an ahmadi. muslims do not respect you. give it rest.
: the pictures from the other night? fire, homie.
yea i need those wya?
it's after halloween bro
brooooo you need to keep up with my updates
some alarm on campus is going off and no one is noticing
lol what i didn't hear one
how did u get those??? they were supposed to be for jeder
i burned mine :)
the same death over and over
in johannesburg yesterday, when i told a woman where i was from/returning to, she said to me "keep those black boys safe".
nobody in america should have to forgo a higher education because they can't afford it.
also tell the american people what immigrants get including medicare and medicare and food stamps
we still haven't solved postmates, but with spring app's inventory-tracking system, for local goods at independent boutiques.
whoa, did i miss a big rebrand for spring?
what if is making the name long so we don't have enough characters to bitch
you can shorten it for bitching purposes
you're totally right. as good as betts' year is, trout's is actually better. he's having another other-worldly season.
pretty sure it's better than his 2014 mvp season
1/3 when asking your dad a ?, hey dados this how i do x? his response,
haha nice bro. is this joke your coping mechanism for the cu &amp; nd losers this weekend?
it's been a long year but we finally did it! love my joey
love ya ally
.: must "build trust between law enforcement and muslim american communities."
only the democrat will risk ur life and kill u , in order to rule the usa
i think you might enjoy
can't figure out whether this is great or ridiculous
what was the attendance like?
wonderful supporters of ! no one from the !
you can watch gotham on the fox channel, it is usually one of the free ones
our local cable company went all digital. no more free channels. unless you have an antenna. we do, but it's not great.
i would gladly challenge you to a 40 day prayer contest.. up for it?
waste of time.
can't believe a president of these u.s. would try and tell us how to vote! not his job
everyone is stupid &amp; uninformed but him.
barack obama said progress is on the ballot this november. this economic data shows he's right.
obama's side view is just horrible
happy birthday bby, love and miss u sm!
thank you love and miss you too
accident blocks the exit ramp in on 610 s lp wb at scott
crashes slow us down daily &amp; no one complains. keep space to roll.
last season was but then couldn't play bcz of flood
ohh.. :/ is it all game modes right? or just snd?
dear municipalities: maybe don't spend so much time raking sand cause as you do, people walk on it. you're welcome.
this is the analogy i use with my wife when i don't want to make the bed
that is a dubbbbbbb , i wanna go out &amp; explore stuff &amp; try new things , why would i wanna be on a nigga block / crib everytime
come to ma block
do republicans believe the bombing suspect should not be in a hospital? do they think he should no be getting food?
well at least donald doesn't. probably never read the constitution. clueless. citizens have rights do we not.
i am hopeful that the will do something honorable and respectful but i fear that they will be disrespectful in their protest.
what else would you expect from filthadelphia
these four boston-area stores are expected to avoid macy's chopping block: cincinnati-based retail giant macy's...
i counted 5...
i would gladly challenge you to a 40 day prayer contest.. up for it?
what part of nothing you say will get me to respect islam don't you get?
so likes taking it up the ass?
so ain't a real person??
just the way they did the explanations of some of these instruments was so on point!
yeah loved it!
a2 this actually hasn't been my experience; i've had 3 stellar male mentors over the years.
. ditto. must have diverse mentors for true diversity.
america has never made progress by thinking one person alone can fix our problems.
that makes no sense
i wish i could tell you guys what i am working on so bad!!!! it's taken 19 months to finalize! i am dying for you to see! i use it everyday
when when when?!
tomorrow makes 2 years that i've been with the woman of my dreams... time fucking flies man
first off im not a woman nd its 3 years
i'm likin' the new wardrobe since she was sick.
she wore that leather jacket at the apollo theatre rally -- i took off work to see it!
this was the worst birthday i've had in years
happy birthday! i'm so sorry it's been bad.... i hope it gets better.
i'm still searching the ether for the x rated episode of mat men recently
we are posting it on patreon tomorrow.
sitting next to for one day and the teacher has come over to us 18 times passive aggressively telling us to stfu.
where's our youtube vlog series?
fact check: the muddled facts of trump's terror speech
facts????? since when do facts influence trump voters?
marriage in the victorian era sucked, especially for women
thanks for the great (evergreen) interview
never met him either. he has never came out at my show. however he did come out of the bus last yr in cincy
i just want a picture with that sexy guy before we both get too damn old! lol
the earliest option moved up to october 11th
eric i tweeted this
i can on venmo when i get paid next week:)
ah ily, but i start work soon so i'll be good then :)))) put it towards visiting me in december tho pls!!
this latest officer involved shooting video doesn't look good.
yeah not good.
lashings, crucifixions, child marriages etc. keep your filth to yourself.
ignored and he wants to be taken seriously.
really? you mean like cheating during the primaries, lying about benghazi, etc.?
yeah, but none of that happened.
it's proven to u hillary made millions illegally. she sold government positions u know
i definitely would like the russian relationship on the par,putin can't use us to make his economy strong.
it's depressing coming home and having to cook/eat alone.
invite a bitch to come eat then
gary johnson: i'd close dept. of homeland security
he's been smoking some good stuff lately!!!
. accuses clinton of being tougher on his supporters than terrorists | getty
democrats don't care about america only votes
nothing worse than bay area traffic.. smh..
thanks for keep your vehicle moving. i reduces the jam.
she sounds so great! i already told i want the 25th anniversary blu-ray!
birthday present!!! that song is still classic
stuff that down your pie holes, baltimore. papi!!!!!
haha....so dirty! that's my girl!
the eye makeup with the combination of that blinding highlight lawd
i don't even own a contour anything or highlighter dang
increasingly clear that merkel's decision to let 100,000s of migrants enter germany has upended country's politics:...
really? do you think?!
barely used as pg... on like 37% but when he was used as pg put up great stats not low .
ok. i'll retweet it and hope lin fans are smarter than i am when it comes to these stats.
so likes taking it up the ass?
blew the &amp; now screwing up the real !!
together we'll !
you could run for prez yourself on a "get on the prie bus!" ticket, except you're unfit for office &amp; republicans don't take the bus.
dreamforce, what is it?
it's a place people go to learn a lot and have a great time, but that's not important right now
tyvm: 4the + 4the +
tyvm; 4the + 4the
great evening w. ending w. a call to action for local elections across nyc. thanks for hosting &amp; havin...
thanks so much for being here!
couldn't of happened to a nicer guy
colin kicked to the curb; too bad, so sad, bye bye!
my two best friends are now in heaven together. rest in peace popeye i will love you no matter what. always
i'm so sorry to hear that. please lmk if you need anything
i've been writing a book since last october. i feel almost ready to talk about it.
*waits (im)patiently*
the pressure that the skittles social person must feel right now
is giving me honest to god secondhand anxiety
.... where's my opt card at thou did yours come?
yes! the date it arrived was a month after the start date listed so basically lost a month.. call or get intl office to!
in hell they only have the golf channel.
send me there. now.
. is a good partner to have on your team- lucius time
i would think anyone born on my grandfather's birthday would also be a good dude. also, pearl harbor day...
yess!! if they give me a rental, i'm down. i'll be in santa clara
ok! if not i can drive to you and take you to touristy shit!
i am loving all this stuff.
that movie was so good!! and the music is timeless!
yes. you do.
i'm stuck on game of thrones lol
so it's ok with you when a white guy kills 27 ppl including little 20 kids but we don't blame all white guys do we?
actually yes, people do. mass shooting=every nra members fault.
i'm starting to miss her.
love this one!!!
they're not flavored. well, they're marshmallow flavored. so...not flavored. just green.
i thought they were key lime flavored or some shit. all i know is the green ones tasted strange
trump: all the debate moderators are democrats
it's unfair.
currently in the bath, eating peach rings, &amp; drinking apple cider.... i'm happy.
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
in johannesburg yesterday, when i told a woman where i was from/returning to, she said to me "keep those black boys safe".
i didn't know about tyren king until today.
don't assume you're in good hands.
god forbid i go for a walk at night!
the us government will release safety guidelines for self-driving cars tomorrow
who the eff wants 2b in driverless car. most accidents have 2nd &amp; 3rd events not programmed in the auto. like a tt barreling down at u
girls who dont have bubble bath so they use dish washing liquid girl bring yo ass over here smelling like a plate
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
so it's ok with you when a white guy kills 27 ppl including little 20 kids but we don't blame all white guys do we?
you should pay closer attention.
when someone smells good, it automatically makes them more attractive.
funky is a deal breaker.
first of all. i look good regardless. so foh with your all black lives matter movement.
ya both blocked. i can't.
yeah i know it's been a very fustrasting season! hope next year they will be better with the young players
i think so. just sucks we have to wait another off season.
taking a bath we had a chair inside so they sit on it :)
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
.: doesn't "know we're at war" | ap photo
neither do the democrats
john bonham ramsey
that somethin?
no that would be the woman who lied repeatedly to congress, had blackberries destroyed, blamed others.
no do you live in jersey? if you don't then stfu
great 3 bedroom 2 bath tri-level on st albert the great dr! via
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
seriously, this is a real animal and how did i not know about it before now?
i knew about pangolin but i didn't know they came in different sizes.
i didn't know about tyren king until today.
and now, terrence crutcher.
15 minute drive from my house to tonight's . hmm.
planning on powerbombing some people tonight sid ;)
i guess i can't complain bc i force him to do the bath &amp; toilet. i mean he makes them filthy so....
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
has anyone considered starting a podcast and a bdsm relationship instead of going to therapy
i'm not recommending, just curious
for some reason i find the "southern sherrif" uniforms of security at mildly amusing.
yes! i was walking by and confused for a minute ... i guess securitas lost the moscone contract ;-)
anytime i get a question wrong on jeopardy i blame it on not knowing the category
"oh right okay yeah i didn't understand what they were looking for..."
then we're about to make you super happy, su!
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
so likes taking it up the ass?
yo : fuck , these dudes real
yooooo for real though we don't even have to go out &amp; spend money, i'll cook for us!!!
lately i've been all about the vegan gig. we're definitely doing this once i am a socal hoe again
i'll take the black mini
hahaha tank is beast great little rta
the top 3 most dominant militaries in the world are america, america, and america.
nothing you point to excuses islam.
i know how to turn it off (haven't yet) but does anyone know *why* apple implemented "press home to unlock" in ios 10?
i don't. i'm finding most of the lock screen ui awkward &amp; error-prone (e.g. costing me photos as i fail to invoke the camera).
rudy rudy rudy...last time ut played notre dame....we beat 'em! snicker
i've got years on you. the best games were in the rose bowl with usc+nd praise the lord sister+ god bless you
psspsspsssssst! missing the collar and leaaashhhhhh~~~!!!
it's a remote distance activated shock collar
i haven't seen in 2 years and i'm v. excited to remedy that next month.
oh wow it has been that long
she is not lieing about this get off twitter and read!
she's a lying bitch who deserted her principles when she endorsed the cunt!
wowwwww did not see that one coming
ithought adam for sure
reunion with shield
: i don't wanna see a shield reunion.
we can speak in whatever language we want and that does not concern you
btw she's a hoe who likes to show her cleavage
i disagree with it in a violent context. i do not disagree in the "finish you in a debate" context
what a surprise. like muslims should be trusted. nope.
ios 10 just deleted all my contacts. which is upsetting bc i haven't deleted a number since 2005.
oh so you've discussed me
really... he's a damn good wrestler, a hard worker, he's taken his lumps (literally). and the suspensions, stonecasting much?
he is good, and can have great matches w the right guys. actually no haven't listened to stone cold on a while.
i notice there is only one g sorry single g.
i can totally pay someone to fix that for me. g never goes against me so he's safe
haha....so dirty! that's my girl!
oops. lol did i say that?
yess!! please! i'm down. i'll let you know whenever i'm there and off work
dope! yayyyyyy! this is exciting! love visitors from home
which show got the biggest snub at the last night?
ultimate snub, underground. no nominations.
they probably moved there from ohio
hey we're pretty nice to everyone until someone invades the unspoken cardinal rule of don't be an asshole
if y'all ain't fuckin with this i ain't fuckin with you
bitch i ain't fukkin wit chu
11 creepy photos of big daddy biden whispering in people's ears
he is totally creepy-and likes to grope-
"everyone who wants to go to college should be able to without drowning in debt." -hillary
but the american people should not go to college. they should go to a trade school. why do we have to pay for it when you
its fucking boring
your opinion lol
well i can not even watch anymore. server and backup destroyed is a passing story.
instead of talking about and media they should be talking about the corruption in dc
told her that night "i'd never date a rangers fan again". how'd that work out?
you know what's funny, this is exactly what i told earlier tonight
happy birthday!! hope your day is going well and miss you
aww thanks girl and imysm
no boo do it can i come to the wedding
can you marry me like get your license to marry people and declare him and i man and wife
its lit fam!!!!
jacob coming to slay october!
the top 3 most dominant militaries in the world are america, america, and america.
deflection. how muslim like.
issis is using our equipment we left there, was it on purpose? seems that way
every war we have fought,from ww2 to vietnam &amp; korea,we always have left our arms.sounds stupid,expensivebrba
i encourage it m&amp;m
bahahahaha!!! m&amp;m
u gonna join the thugs and that non leader coach in their disrespect of our country tonight
define "thug"
video games train the human brain to make faster real life decisions.
if this is true then, why do so many people who are good at playing video games suck at real life issues?
i haven't been tweeting about the latest victims of police brutality b/c everyone who follows me knows what i think about this by now
and because it feels exploitative at this point. we need police reform now. not more victims.
get your shit together siri
mango and trash? fargo and crash?
i get yelled at cuz ive 1000's of "unread" e-mails. but you people clicking on every receipt, junk mail, and kickst...
release your emails, shillary!!!!
when you don't know wtf you're talking about
hundreds of thousands lmao breh what???
together, we will make america safe and great again!
america is already safe and great, not thinking so makes you unfit to be president! along with this
i went to grei's website and i was like $250 for a tshirt oh okay cool
hahah yea.... but no lil children are working in factories w/ horrible conditions to make their clothes on the plus side :)
sitting next to for one day and the teacher has come over to us 18 times passive aggressively telling us to stfu.
but like also we had the best compositions
how to handle a one night stand the next morning: 1. put on titanic 2. he's gone, that's it
or stick with the cardinal rule " i have an early morning, get home safe." ( order uber)
so likes taking it up the ass?
where in north ?? all now..puppy chow?
i play way too much at work x3 bring it on!
i used to play at work, but my new work doesn't have a ping pong table. d: withdrawals!!!!!!!!!!!!
these team na "kids" are damn fun to watch. i had similar speed/skill when i was their age too.
how long ago was that?!?
no boo do it can i come to the wedding
i expect you at the altar, declaring us man and wife
lol at how my mom almost sent my brother to school with one of my twisted teas because she didn't realize there was alcohol in it.
that'll be me as a mother
also! have you read 's article on plush? it's super helpful
i have actually! it helped quite a bit
charles has been meaning to read that book for so long, but he just keeps putting it off.
tough to find the time when you're constantly faking your own death.
i love bath bombs
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
5 on with quad refill nuketown fracture
nice my dude
then there is no intellectual/intelligent discussion to be had.
i go one the works of world renowned muslim scholars. not you.
just donated 2 garbage bags full of free people and j brand jeans i am so sad that i can't wear them anymore :(
blame it on them groceries
breaking bryce has chosen the to be his hockey team of choice. so glad to welcome him to the fa...
time to call child protective service
so i'm in game stop and i'm next in line. this guy in front of me talking up a storm to the cashier. so i'm just waiting
&amp; soon as i go up in line that mf that kept talking brought the last 2k
be a voter. check your registration and help your friends do the same
if i did i would not vote for you and i didn't vote for obama at all
why does ever need batman when jim such a badass?
spoiler alert: "batman" is a projection of jim gordon's mind, a la tyler durden.
just gave jordyn her bath , she'll be knocked out in 5
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
trump is on fox news right now... for the second time today... here's my look at his fox-centric strategy:
he also doing a town hall tomorrow i think with
a friend of mine once bit into an expensive cupcake and it was filled with goat's blood.
was is a goatsblood cupcake? is that a trendy thing?
just need to give mase a bath and pack his bag for tomorrow then i can lay down i'm so tired
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
you fly home after school ?
naw i get out at 2 , but i wait to 3 to pick you jose . i never see you
lol, no the twinkies were key lime flavored. these are just plain ol' colored marshmallows.
ohhh, all i remember is i made rice krispie treats when them, then i got super sick after. i think it was the green dye
fox news poll: trust to do a better job on terrorism
the people of the usa only vote for democrats for free stuff
in the wake of the terrorist attacks in new york, new jersey and minnesota...
what kind of "narrative" is hillary talking about?
this is what you're thinking about if you're not planning to become the president.
isn't he going to be busy knocking off isis in the first hour he is in office. yeah, sure. jeez
i think we will be bidding on it!
i expect nothing less buddy. if you buy, we are visiting you there.
then there is no intellectual/intelligent discussion to be had.
have heard it all before. you muslims lie like there is no tomorrow.
little mix's new single is gonna flop bc king is releasing new music
king taking over and coming to slay the day
'political correctness kills': flynn says we're losing war against radical islam
i agree 100percent.
to the best topps employee out there...
thanks, davis!
together, we will make america safe and great again!
america is great now, and is safe now. you are making us suspect our neighbors, create hate, turning us against each other.
nah why i'm dying at "scootie"
my childish ass was laughing too
and now, terrence crutcher.
audre lorde wrote two poems to capture her heartache over the police killing of a 10 year old boy in 1973.
happy friends! wow, monday has just flown by! hope yours was rocking! !
thanks, &amp; you 2!
and because it feels exploitative at this point. we need police reform now. not more victims.
these last two really hurt though.
remember how cheap they were in flo :(
ur avi is pretty &amp; ur location makes me sad :( much love to u roomie!
and ur black but yet have the word 'puta' in ur @
puta isnt a racial slur honey..
chipper with a two-run double vs. noah syndergaard. 5, 0, top 4
what a fucking bum, all he wants to do is throw 100, big fucking deal
but that's a bath
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
when says she's going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free, you know what? that's a very big deal.
i just can't believe anyone is listening to you
you didn't say that when the cowboys wanted to honor the 5 slain leos in their city, . you piece of shit.
fine! so now keep your football games not watching anymore
. can't say i blame him
lol!!! unfiltered mary is a sight to behold
so, i recently started an office job (long story). i don't know anyone at the office save for a few team members. mondays are always quiet...
cool story bro
.: "[hrc]'s got a lot of baggage...she's been there a long time &amp; we need change in this country."...
baggage lol you carry a trunk of baggage.
thanks for the feedback, laura! we'll be sure to share it with our team!
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
most dems at the time supported it.
sanders didn't &amp; hillary knew better. graham gave her info showing bush was wrong:
i got philly +3 tonight, dm me if you wanna bet
meaning no payout at 3 point difference?
this isn't the blackhawks
lauren would never betray the zombies
dude if you are a hilary supporter why are you bothering me? i don't understand people like you. retarded!
if he crossed paths, you were trolling to "bother" hillary voters you're just mad, illeg...
this country's future may actually be decided by hipsters who absolutely do know the difference between shit &amp; shinola but just don't care.
they have to care! even it's for a selfish reason. their lifestyle is at stake! i kid you not! vote!
the nra is not a person - we do not hate on white/christian guys every time one is a serial killer - we just don't
who is "we?" i see it all the time.
...and today, i was assuming i'd be in for the usual. and then, as i'm getting started. i see someone i haven't seen in the office before...
oh wait there's more?
two-run double for citi freeman. 5-0. mets fans rn
please wake your boy terry collins up from his weekly nap
beating twins/reds/phillies haaaa stfu! comparing red sox vs that slop you frauds play nice job vs braves tonight
do you ever get tired entertaining these dumbass fans lmao
ahhhhh. so wait.. do babies cry all the time? i wasn't imagining crying babies all the time... uh-oh.
is only to remind us that we are bad people and should feel bad
good for you having fun with the hubbs..i think thats better then a autograph ;)
yes, rob would approve!
ok but remember mine ?!?! lmaaaooooo i predicted th future
okay yes i actually was going to ask you to send me it again because i need it
i feel so old tho lol
oh i know right? i'm choosing to ignore the 25th anniversary part
remember all the muslims out protesting in the streets of ny when that imam was killed? why aren't those muslims protesting nyc bombings?
they never did say the reason why that oman was killed.
for every 100 followers, you've slayed 7
if you don't go somewhere ma'am lol that's a damn lie
trump complains bombing suspect will get medical care, due process by
trump would love to have an excuse to abolish the constitution, right after he fires all the generals.
getting an vibe from these, and my first readings: carr's what is history with bloch's historian's...
but my first paper? a close reading of joan scott, obv.
i missed it. i wasn't feeling well towards the end and had to leave. do you have a recording of it?
ill post what i have! ignore me screaming haha
is giving me honest to god secondhand anxiety
use it, and use it well, my fellow 23 y/o with an english/marketing degree who never asked for this!!!
it's been a while for me but it is true. wait unless by puka shell you mean dick casablancas?
i don't think dick had pukas. i know logan did.
and we know he does better when given more time on the floor needs 30 minutes... stats go way up efficiency goes way up
as a starter (13 games) w/hornets in 34.4 mins 17.5 points 4.0 reb 4.8 assists shot 46.1 % field 46 % from 3 &amp; 82.5 % ft.
in the wake of the terrorist attacks in new york, new jersey and minnesota...
shut it, homophobe. america doesn't need your kind here. find a country you love and move there.
find out how much hillary's college plan will save you:
then they need to pay for play
im at hillsdale at 805 and there till 820am
let's meet tomorrow morning at 8:00am, in front of the northbound ticket vending machine. i'll take the 8:05 train.
this is foul
the word is ""deplorable". yes they are.
i was so excited when it was announced and then i watched a clip of i can do better than that and i was like...?
it definitely loses the theater magic. i just need a time machine so i can watch norbert and sherry do it.
3 traits all highly confident women possess
given this photo, i'm thinking sleeves that are intact and skirt hems?
you are welcome to come serve in my bronx parish and work with the people. they aren't looking for handouts.
is providing a hs diploma a handout? if an associates degree is the equivalent to a diploma in 2016, why is that a handout?
"his life mattered." 's twin sister demands justice:
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
did the extension get pulled from the chrome store?
it is now back online.
definitely believe it.
how many 'fake injury' tweets have you seen so far?
most americans like russians and vice versa
russian people are good,go through google,they always have backstabed us.breznev had promised,
for someone who doesn't speak japanese i say "yada yada" way too much..
but people been saying that since the 90s
happy birthday! don't get too drunk, we have a novel to write!
oh, didn't you know? we're doing this the chandler/hemingway/faulkner way
the world we live in: people upset when a black man takes a knee, but unaffected when a black man takes a bullet.
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
jerry remy keeps talking about "late life" on d. bundy's fb. not unrelated: bundy's spin rate (2489 rpm) is 7th highest of 167 p w 500 fb.
can you imagine if his fastball actually revolved for a minute?
slowly as in you still needed em every now &amp; then?
keep taking them for maintenance i never messed with any of that tho.
"so this is a macro"
what do you mean you used null?!?!
finale: just out of on now!
otay , that is so lame!
it was nice to meet you too! i was looking through zenni, was it one of these? :o
yes its the bottom left ones that are 19!! the peach ones are the ones i had and i just ordered the lilac ones yesterday!! :d
so happy so grateful so overwhelmed!!!!
congratulations, neelam! very well done! :) be well. regards..
audre lorde wrote two poems to capture her heartache over the police killing of a 10 year old boy in 1973.
one was titled "the same death over and over or: lullabies are for children"
and that's all for noah syndergaard, who will be pulled after 3.2 innings.
good that piece of shit, bartolo &gt; this whole pitching staff
stop sending me snaps of ur car, ur subaru doesn't impress me.
that's a little
need. tattoo. now.
that's what sharpies are for when you're bored at work
the flatter ur brim the harder u cum
fucking wow yusef lmao
you really have to pay attention to it
foreall and i have no attention span
ummm...nothing you just said made any sense. slow down and please try again.
it is called a typo. "on", nice try.
chistie knew!! so satisfiying for those of us who knew the fatman lied from the jump.
well, 'prosecutors allege' is more accurate. and if so why isn't he on trial?
my lil princess is having surgery today please pray for baby daisy
aww i hope everything goes well she sure is a cutie!!
lmao i got written up like every day she stayed big mad!!!!
bitch and i'd laugh at you every day then get in trouble too lol
good luck! would love to be there but in the vert.x session.
understood, thanks!
no i didn't. i have class all day (i'm still in school)
i didn't knew either i just found out on ig the he had done a facebook live smh
hate is a strong word. but you def need to have a word with your folks
hate is a strong word but i really really really don't like you
straight white boys are some of the nastiest, most despicable creatures i sweartagawd
this is why i'm happy i ain't white sometimes
you accused me of lying. i am not lying. has made americans less safe.
you just make shit up, when? and what can trump possibly do? get on twitter and call isis goofy?
i almost pissed myself i was so scared
thats crazy!! one time a cop pulled over my dad because his car was a lil to nice for the area we lived in.
creepy robot voice goals //
please upload this to porntube
he definitely did rt : means he cheated rt : special delivery for me (cont)
ay fam wyd?
why have you changed your handle back?!
i never changed it! is still taken unless the lovely kind handle owner wants to be amazing and give it to me
the enthusiasm gap! 's crowd vs. 's crowd
it's not enthusiasm, it's white supremacy. you get more haters.
hi joe, yes we did suspend this route but you can get there by connecting at one of our hubs. ^mm
disappointing. flying through iah has burned me too often. i'll look at or . hopefully you'll reconsider.
*quietly* whats wrong
maybe pay a dancer who works hard every day to do correct ballet technique? and stand on pointe shoes in the correct position?
obama's success has driven republicans out of their minds
and soon hopefully out of the business
so, the crowds are fake? hillary is fake? you think she really has died? but..she's appeared since, hasn't she?
no i think the crowds are real, she is real, and they pumped her full of whatever they had to to make her function.
climbed/crawled to the roof of the world. barely made it but the ponies seemed to have no problem (not my ponies)
so that's where you've been? figures. ponies or no, would like more photo updates please!
one was titled "the same death over and over or: lullabies are for children"
the other one was titled "power".
i gave and gave and sold a piece of my sanity in iraq. now hillary calls me deplorable, not anymore. trump 2016
read this article. understand what is going on here.
"r/it: help, how do i delete thousands of emails that including these words: benghazi, halliburton, black water, inside job"
"chemtrail, chem trail, controlled demolition, secret, very secret, top secret"
actually not done who the fuck says we not gonna be happy we are picking up where we left off we didn't leave off sad we were happy
everyone freaking out annoyed u...im sorry
is the girl in the screenshot slightly stupid?
slightly is an understatement
the one man i'll ever truly love
sherrys talking it killed me
helped nearby drivers by reporting a stand still traffic jam on exit 20b: lornie rd on - drive social.
thank you for keep your vehicle rolling. it help eliminate traffic jams.
stein insists trump is less dangerous than clinton - and attacks sanders as a dc insider
why doesn't run for congress if she's not just some poser/spoiler/stinker? talk is cheap experience is value!
live tweeting is hard to do one handed and on pain meds.... glad my cast mates are picking up the slack!
feel better!! are helping too!!
gtfo unless you come with real facts. we are trying to save our country asshole
perfect analogy
anyone have a xone i can fiddle around with this week?
i have a 92 with case if you want to borrow it
am i too late to say happy birthday?
not at all! thank you!
im pissing i just watched it why did it come true
thats what happens when you deal w a pos my dude
if i had a bowl of pfeffernussen and told you just three would bring bolshevism to the fatherland, wrden sie ein h...
oh wow the new twitter has so much extra room for hitlervergleichen
carson wentz throws an int tonight, i shave. no ints again, i'm on another week with this thing. ready to l...
few more weeks and you'll be ready for hockey season!
my latest. dear police, could african americans please get a little of that ahmad khan rahami treatment?
what a class a moron! more if they're mot congenitally stupid.
nothing much, and you? :^)
nothing,just playing video games,should i continue spyro or play something else?
it was nice to meet you too! i was looking through zenni, was it one of these? :o
the lilac ones just got restocked btw, this is the 2nd time ive seen them restock, they tend to sellout. i finally snagged em ^~^
pamela hensley as princess ardala
i loved her later on matt houston.
you can check out any time you like but you can never leave
welcome to the hotel california...
found wedged in couch cushions: headphones. tape measure. pink pen. key to my lab full of clones. crap, i wasn't supposed to say that one.
wait, like, clones of yourself or a bunch of tatiana maslanys?
. let's not get diverted and distracted by campaign rhetoric from other side we have the tools, law enforcement
it might help if you spent less time genuflecting toward trump's campaign rhetoric.
johnkerry is us secretary of state 1st then democrat.. don't insult asian indians
think you mentioned hillary and obama sponsored pakistan . don't beg, doesn't work, be a proud indian.
, had this wonderful idea!
:) i had a feeling that had a hand in this
holy balls how do new parents do a workday without a nap?
i would tell you, but it's a lot more fun this way!
at that point it's really only a sad commodity..
steve oliver (one of my living heroes) has taken extraordinary steps to counter that.
uc berkeley reinstates class on palestine following outcry over its suspension | us news | the guardian
zionists in overdrive to dominate discourse but must be shocked efforts to stifle no longer meeting w/expected..
this is the only reason i'm a steelers fan. falcons are # 1 tho. great win yesterday i'm proud...
check out interview w/ deion bro. great stuff!
this is the third-shortest start of noah syndergaard's career.
fuck the braves too, this team is nothing but a pain in my fucking ass
i have a paid biz class ticket jfk-syd qf. i have no qantas points. is there any way to upgrade to 1st?
maybe you can if full fare and use aa but doubt it. call qantas
as you deflect....
nope. you did.
happy birthday, thanks for everything
haha, you are very welcome, bud! thank you! :)
day one of our vacation, and i'm not sure we'll survive 6 more.
yeah i would lose my mind not having things to do everyday. relaxing is something i don't do
pretty good. just arrived to the outter banks, nc for a couple days w/ my dad's side of my fam. hru?
thanks cheyenne good in ny my sisters,sanjieneiro festival,going back to jersey&amp; back for show for her lol
my fan group will be having lots of fun while i'm away at the end of the month, ur not going to want to miss out!
- can you stuff me in your luggage????
do republicans believe the bombing suspect should not be in a hospital? do they think he should no be getting food?
trump is annoyed he'll get a lawyer. the man who wants to be potus &amp; loves america is not a fan of due process....
put me in coach, i'm ready to play backup !
that is unbearably cute.
what the whaaaattt?!?!?! four chairs?!?!? aahhh i get to sit at the piano with the !!! ...
u should've pick adam but
nope, but i have to believe that it will be around what we paid last year.
cool, that works for me. the walk ticket prices were insane imo. fingers crossed.
andersen cooper on just now: "we're not going to dwell on the subjects name or his face..." regarding ahmad khan rahami.
if the guy was named nob lee smith. it would be a different story
psychology teacher tells me kids prefer velcro shoes if they aren't taught correctly by parents... i disagree bc i was just fucking lazy...
still am lol
happy birthday my dude.
thank you! :d
barack obama said progress is on the ballot this november. this economic data shows he's right.
no no no no you should not try your best
you and are actually at javits centre at this very moment. kenya x rwanda x nyc. touch designer base w/ each other.
yes yes i met her. thanks
you tryin to come out? i'm goin to one up but i'm probably gonna start scaling back my visits after this. that idea we discussed
:&lt; noooo. forward advancement is more important though
kristen bell's afterlife comedy the good place isn't just good, it's great
"it's about someone who winds up in heaven by mistake." there.
i could fix it to say mary myself! lol
shit....what the eff did i do now
don't forget wants african americans to heel.
oh yeah back in 1994? about the same time trump was trying to get the cp5 the death penalty, for a crime they didn't commit.
i quote her all the time lol
i only know that one and the one about the money in the wig
but &amp; his are the "campaign of hate" silly liberals, hate is all you
when did i say anythig about hate? i just stated a truth, if isis wants reall attention, that's the place.
i urge everyone to try and watch the video and tell me that doesn't have a point... you simply can't
breaks my heart every time. execution makes more than point, its shock is that it's no surprise.
...and i realize, this guy looks familiar. so, i say his name, or what i think it is. and i was right: he was my best friend in 6th-7th grade.
dnoue ment
amazing rally in florida - this is a movement! join us today at
yeah!! it's a movement alright!!! a bowel movement!!!!
goodbye with this story line.
nah did you just peep how nicki perched her hand under her chin?!
that movie is in my top 10 all time. i just absolutely adore it.
it's so charming
nirvana was the 90s!! if i suggested def leppard than that's a different story....
i'd suggest bob jovi's "blaze of glory" but none the kids on team na was born when...
live live at
i'll be streaming @ 9 3v3
pretty cool!
if by "pretty cool" you mean sickly sweet with a bit of cinnamon awesome than yes it is pretty cool indeed
follow me so i may message u my contact info. i would b happy to suggest others to speak with in addition to my own thoughts.
just dm'd you! thanks so much
feel free to pm me if you want feedback. i can be as nice or harsh as you'd like!
thank you kindly! i may shoot you an email as well then ^^
my athletic trainers will literally put me through hell and back watching me die and they just laugh :-(
i heard you cried today
really what lying bull! she doesn't need help trummpy boy does!
don't be naive ... does she have a hearing problem?
you are way out of line - i have been respectful. bye sewage mouth!
bye twatwaffle.
but they we not used to kill us, we rebuilt europe right?
we sure rebuild europe under marshall plan.so many countries i would like to talk in europe,traditionalfriend
let's all meet in sf for new year's eve!
we'll see you there!
so and were malcolm's dorothy boyd and flipper.
three pussy see if they play good football tonight
hillary clinton's weakness while she was secretary of state, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont:
.. so true , we need a strong leader ! go trump
my ex spent the better half of yesterday and today trying to convince me dumping him was the biggest mistake of my life
he told me i'm destined to crash and burn and fail at whatever i try to do and that i'm gonna crawl back to him. like how fucking scary ..
well, i've been out of the loop today, so if anything was announced today, i missed it
canelo is done for the year with a thumb injury.
find some one in the world that looks at u the same way jon gruden look's at magic tricks
gruden is a pretty happy guy who grew up in the 80s...hmmm
then don't say you disagree with me cuz i love to argue &amp; was about to go off with my valid reasons
no you said pills for that don't help, and some actually do is what im saying, from experience.
i do a pretty mean salt n pepa cover! maybe i'll learn to rap after i learn to make electronic drums sound less ridiculous.
that i have to see someday lol if anyone can figure out how to do it it's you kim
amazing rally in florida - this is a movement! join us today at
the only movement your campaign represents is a "bowel movement"! and a runny one at that
numbers tend to be skewed when there have been 2 games played. aaron rodgers isn't much higher ranked..
2 games? how about his whole career?
so you're black person and you find something insulting so it insults all people of color, right?
close to 90% of us, yes. that's how bad it is.
the old location had no ac, just some fans in a garage off an alley. how i miss those humid nights.
i actually hate boxing gyms w/ ac. they have to be a hot box in a basement* or no dice. *attics work too.
*quietly* whats wrong
see how she's on her toes. that's called the box of the pointe shoe where all ur weight is. look at kendall...
i'd suggest bob jovi's "blaze of glory" but none the kids on team na was born when...
... that song came out. related, i'm old.
bruh i thought austin traffic was the worst it could get..... boy was i wrong then a bih
the best you can do is keep moving. hang back &amp; roll.
you are way out of line - i have been respectful. bye sewage mouth!
yelling at people is not respectful btw.
question, pocket friends. where you are from, what do you call the drink that's a mix of iced tea &amp; lemonade?
florida (northern). a drink that needs some booze in it.
this is the third-shortest start of noah syndergaard's career.
i tried to tell noah was a but nobody wanted to listen
i am really tired of you trying to be clever at sfo and assign me a driver as they're in route.
the last few times they had already passed the terminal and i end up waiting longer.
noah syndergaard cannot escape the fourth. he allows five runs on eight hits and three walks, and is responsible for two men on base.
better not pull this if they make the wc game
and which scholars are you believing exactly?
ibn karthir for one. you ahmadis are rejects of islam.
same monster who believes in shooting first asking questions later also same monster who would blow up a country over a gesture.
trump doesn't understand one thing that actually makes america great.
a new way to think about the congressional black caucus--they're overseers on today's democratic urban plantations
dey keepin dem all 'n chains.
i saw that! the asian looking dude rightfully got ktfo.
he was only seconds away from unleashing his secret technique
nope i just feel you are offended on behalf of skittles ;)
nope just confused as i indicated
which of these songs do you think will make it to this week's top 5?
attention star is out on itunes
he told me i'm destined to crash and burn and fail at whatever i try to do and that i'm gonna crawl back to him. like how fucking scary ..
moral of the story: don't be with someone who makes you feel like you need them to survive.
me &amp; my girl emmy on our way back to work. next stop
congrats !!!
so u should call me then since i don't answer you will be free smh
wow i'm so dumb i'm deleting that omg i can't stop laughing
thanks for reducing people fleeing oppression, including countless children, down to pieces of candy. now i know yo...
it took you this long?
no they can freakout it's the negativity that is annoying me as soon as it doesn't say they getting back together it's anarchy
i know i legit went sour for a couple of minutes after some negativity
is people vs. oj streaming anywhere?
pay per episode only. no subscribes yet
it was very bad
i can only imagine.
everything i need
beach trip soon
oh, he knows all that. he's just been
so tired of all u guys. talking tough, being racist, acting as if you're not.
our friend brendan fletcher made "the voice." really love that all the judges just devote their low energies to shitting on adam levine
everyone's family is also cuter than they are
you are way out of line - i have been respectful. bye sewage mouth!
i'm a proud white, straight, christian member of the nra just so you know. and i love tasty bacon.
great thought 'ole timer'.
unnecessarily hurtful, pal. unnecessarily hurtful.
i don't taste a difference between the two kinds but you probably have a more refined pallette than i do.
or maybe i'm just slightly crazy. both actually. i actually have a sensitive palette when it comes to food dye
nice! the mug is a *super* awesome touch.
awe thank you thats very nice of you
some guy who had his penis on the internet
oh crap, me?!
already teared up three times ... tell me you're with me here
also... this:
team north america playing nhl 17 on amateur.
is jt playing? haven't heard his name
wearing a muumuu with my nicki minaj collection cropped sweatshirt over it to the laundromat in a new personal low
seems good to me idk
should wells fargo bankers give back their pay?
like that is really going to happen. what a joke.
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
yes with many thanks to a guy you support! ryan the lyin rino. 10k? no he's helped let in 300k. political deal cost us.
moral of the story: don't be with someone who makes you feel like you need them to survive.
and don't let anyone tell you you're crazy or wrong for making decisions that are good for you
matteo ricci accepting . globalization is hope against the fear.we cannot lose the dignity of human beings.
are you all just going to forget that you were supposed to be honoring a corrupt dictator tonight?
loved how my quick promo video for turned out from friday's game
i thought the editing looked familiar! i loved this video!
just announced: manchester, united kingdom - sep 29 at band on the wall
damn, i wish i lived there sometimes when i see these tweets. enjoy! i will be watching dwarf on vhs
whenever you're feeling down, just remember: william shatner once wrote a book in which captain kirk beat up worf.
but but but.... it was borg kirk!
that is cool!!!
right that's what i thought or are you being sarcastic
philly fop chief on presidential endorsement: clinton 'blew the police off'
wild man ha ha ha
sometimes i wonder: will historians one day gather all my texts, tweets, and slack messages and try to piece together my life?
i've considered trying to do this with younger me. figure out my emotions from years ago based off of emails, tweets, etc
we have the most progressive democratic platform in history: we need to elect a democrat for president.
you democrats are all crazy. even when you know your candidate is very wrong for the job, you still support her.
i heard she's taking 6 days off now
will she take 6 days off next week?
i fucking hate the albany parking system.
wait for winter
don't shut up or shut down. caption this image in 5 words or less!
"just hush now"
a little bird told me joe made some nice comments about me later that night to matt
that's fact, joe didn't stop talking about you, all nice things
yet the fastest growing sect of islam.
i condemn all sects.
ladies and gents. presenting 11inches of pure joy
hi...!who have 11 inches you..?please i want this..!
last night in civilization for a while. anyone feel like grabbing dinner tonight?
where next?
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
i'd carefully vet the skittles &amp; deny the bad skittles, but take the good skittles because what's america without skittles?
don't go into 99 cents with a blue &amp; yellow lanyard with letters cuz you'll have people asking where the toilet paper is smh
smfh!!!!!11
if only someone had warned you to avoid lga
haha trust me.. but when you need the latest flight to miami, you are left with no other option
"i walked in thinking i might die and i definitely didn't!! four stars."
they really need to blow this place up.
the hype for tomorrow is real
the more everyone talks about it the more i get bitter cause i'm gonna be working
too much beer at the barc
speaking of which i'm playing beer pong in my living room right now
an overturned car is blocking the two left lanes in on 210 eb at mtn st, stopped traffic back to berkshire ave, delay of 26 mins
two lanes down. if you are driving bumper to bumper, what are you going to do?
rick perry is on dancing with the stars? he's not a star.
three reasons they put him on the show...
i don't believe he was born here. don't change my mind by what trump says. who cares. he'll be gone from white house soon.
it matters since it attempts to delegitimize him. one of the more shameful stories of the last decade.
happy 18 menerz, love you and hope you had a great day! miss you
thank you sav i love you and miss you too
the only notification i care about
are you being ironic
i mean face to face not the country and i'm sure we didn't do nice things either to them
i would love to sit with every country and reshape our interest.we need very honest broker.politics dirtygame
ms should just start marketing them as 4k sony devs are doing it
they kinda are, on commercial yesterday day only console offering 4k
try not to lie. he said of 300k+ donors, some "might" have had that motive. but so what? they didn't get anything...
you are exactly right.....
that's the most repulsive thing i've heard in a long time
watch my snapchat story for some fun ;)
just finished !beautiful mythology. brilliant story. great gameplay. eyes on .
you should write an adaptation!
it is pearl harbor day!!! happy birthday to us
indeed. trying to find proof of his birth, but sadly his mass card &amp; obit only tell his date of death.
does ?? only when i push y'all?
hopefully a break is coming up??
works for me! if it ends up even 5% as good as chandler's the long goodbye we can be proud!
how 'bout .05 per cent?
conceptually top tier
tetsuo &amp; youth was waygoo too. bummed it didn't breach into mainstream rapstuff
the other one was titled "power".
the first one, many of us will recognize today's discourse around black death with white friends, enemies, allies. the second is raw rage.
lady gag me!
that butt needs some tightening and lifting.
i need it to be cold already so i can be cute with my sweaters, boots and cocoa. instead of being hot and melty in my shorts &amp; flip flops
can it not? it goes in the negatives where i live
a big thanks to and for their helpful, wise and funny comments. everyone needs cps like them.
back atcha! i feel lucky that i get to read your book before anyone else does. thanks for the match making.
my wife is from chicago and i'm from philly!!! we not in the same room right now!!
fans are the worst. (had to sit at a different table in the high cafeteria cuz of my jersey.)
tfw you end up at a thing that is at the former puppet and simple offices and you remember there's only like 6 tech buildings here
hope yer doing great at new gig.
does anyone seriously think that, as president, would sell out the trump empire before selling out the usa?
never! thank you for stating the only fact about mr. drumpf-- you are loved senator warren
if it's true that is clinton's it specialist paul combetta, would that demonstrate intent to destroy evi...
aw fuck off jill
4 eagles held up their fists
white middle aged losers kicking in their tv sets across the country
in florida, trump blasts clinton's interventions in three places that he also supported intervention in:
i'm soooo.sick n tired of vomitatious rump n his poisons. cant wait to get to vote him oouuuutttt
another unarmed black man killed by police, but let's continue to be upset because people kneel!
where was this? hadn't heard anything on the news.
yikes, was it the fin?
front edge of the board - straight to the face - post cutback attempt
this has been a fantastic monday.
i woke up to two new job interviews waiting in my inbox, our couch arrived, and i didn't even have to put on pants until 5 pm.
you're right. that twinkie, oreo, ho-ho eating, sumo-wrestler shaped fat fuck, chris christie.
scuze me mam, but you left out lying piece of shit!
. on fighting terrorism: "the democratic party refuses to name the enemy."
can't beat it if you won't name it!
that explanation was very wrong &amp; hurt my thinking muscle
(7 months isnt an option)
goodnight everyone i'm out
night tim and tucker.
or anybody who is left-handed :p
that too. my writing on my left hand is meh. it's readable if i write slowly.
i do man it's roman that alone scares me
: rusev got this. he may get dq'd.
fair enough but still want jatalie lol
well let jatalie do something other then bb lol
they did that after everyone in the northeast got his name and picture via mandatory push notification.
lol at mandatory push notification!!! you could turn it off but still hahahahaha
i need a "like all of these" button
maybe i can work on that!
this year we are only allowed to bring sachem north students. no dates from outside schools.
.......not even east?????? considering east has no homecoming?????????
inspired by to ask this : name a well adjusted child star (not joseph gordon-levitt or shirley temple)?
all of the hp kids seem like they're doing all right.
hated america...
i kinda feel that anyone who says sorta hates america too
have you heard "water" (prod. tayyboii$, thawav)' by young god tha wav on ?
29 more plays!
ok so come to saddle brook on friday, it's like a halfway point for both of us
this sounds like fun! cnt go wrong with good company :) miss you nigs... joe u better come
why the fuck is there so much traffic man
drivers hurting traffic flow are winning. please keep your vehicle moving. thanks.
bon iver is coming to the portchester theater a day after my birthday im thriving
and its his new ablum.
he's just wearing them 'cool-dude' low
u mean "prison inmate" low
some exciting/sad personal news from me... "goodbye twitter, hello breakthrough..."
thx for your many kindnesses and leadership tony. you'll be missed. best on all.
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
i bet you wish it was a bowl of coke.......
i don't really know, you can choose yourself. maybe continue spyro?
k,i'm just bored and want a friend to talk to like you
what a beautiful and sane laugh.
outstanding performance by
if you don't consider us muslim, then you have nothing to fear then, no?
nice try. i am not going to support ahmadis.
my profile of alt right leader/breitbart writer/former twitter user is in businessweek:
joel, this was so good i had to stop reading it
legitimately building a business &amp; building a brand are very hard to do successfully at the same time. been slacking on my brand as of late
building the actual businesses is always more important (people have made millions and no one knows about it)
i hope the browns start 16 different quarterbacks this season
week 4 starting qb should be terrel pryor
hello i am watching the shark live cam and have yet to see the shark why do you lie to me
keen eye! we do have a zebra shark; our blacktip reef sharks just moved to another aquarium-hope to exhibit that species again
rt this if you wanna square up with me.
y'all can't beat me
on bench outside by bathroom. green t shirt
green? what are you, a communist?
yeah it does. had to cancel my bank card too so they can reissue it again. good thing nothing was actually taken in my account.
that's good!! at least now u get brand new shiny bank cards!
i might make fanart of the frog character, i like that one :p
the slime licker?
does ?? only when i push y'all?
can't believe y'all only got 3 people listening now on though!
and its his new ablum.
sophomore hs aeriell, and current aeriell are freaking tf out
all of the hp kids seem like they're doing all right.
aw crap i wasn't filtering on the start of the thread and someone else mentioned. blergh.
blizzcon badge art for thanks for letting me paint another undead! they're fun. :d
gaddang that is nice.
i had a cheese quesadilla from islands and now i'm living in a world of regret
those are still around?!
here fill this out make your opinion count
man why are they so fucking easily triggered?
and i see the sister of our ny bomber is on a progressive committee to promote "diversity" at rutgers university
they should just level rutgers! or, at least, pull public funding.
if you don't consider us muslim, then you have nothing to fear then, no?
ahmadis helped create pakistan.
and next week we are doing a juggling contest...
is bullshit considered as narrative ?
it's time for me to say good night
beautiful photo
my mom: the more bp say blm, it's just creating separation and racism, it sucks me: ...... ok first of all
stop my mom and i literally got into a fight over taxes because she said that she was being "discriminated" against for being white
there are many that will promptly say you're kkk aligned if you ever tout federalism. many.
it is historical fact that state's rights was used as a justification for slavery. to complete the circle.. 1/
jim schwartz, running this eagles d, is going to be a hot head coaching candidate after this season. he'll be better 2nd time around, too
i hear buffalo might have an opening soon.
many would argue me is low quality image detect, not high
so i guess that will make the commaone the only high quality cam system you can buy on/for a vehicle then?
i'm just impressed you did emmys in la last night, nyc today, and now back at it
this makes it better (don't mind the rain clouds- it's going to be hot and sunny every day!)
which of these songs do you think will make it to this week's top 5?
brand new tune
so your tweets half politics and half ..... looks like my wall, cheers from colombia ;)
sounds about accurate ;). so ready for this election to be done - tired of being neurotic about it
building the actual businesses is always more important (people have made millions and no one knows about it)
but in this age, i feel like it's best to strive to do both (that's where i've found the most success as well)
i would guess both play.
do you think, if the dbs keep getting torched &amp;thats the1 thing holding this team back, mac wld look 2trade 4 a cb b4 deadline
drag him
holy fuck, my mentions are full of virgins
on top of that- he is making an analogy implying skittles could kill you! is this true? please advise
not to mention the implication "skittles" is generic for rainbow colored candy, thus not entitled to trademark protection.
holy fucking shit tony's mom liked my photo
bump bc 's mom liked and commented on my concert post again im
tickets on sale now. link in bio. come see it for real.
when your not 18 so you can't see your bby
so your tweets half politics and half ..... looks like my wall, cheers from colombia ;)
how are things in colombia?
i'm starting to second guess my decisions. should i main my warlock or hunter in ?
you're gonna play both.
he's an actor lol and a stripper
i respect it - heard you.
wikileaks: hill wants huma, her muslim handler, for sec of state! don't vote 4 someone with a muslim handler ...
...~.'s muslim handler with terrorist shitbag leanings!!
what is your direction of travel?
sorry didn't specify, bk bound. one came shortly after but long waits aren't uncommon there
i didn't know whether to keep reading or put the phone down.
illo is brilliant
thanks...backatcha!
how ironic! last name simpson! at that time i thought oj was the best back in college! hope he finds god!
traffic jam
i keep my car moving, so the cars behind my can also. what a concept.
trump wants good relationships with other countries and good trade deals for us
as far as trade deals are concerned,multinational corp.are the main...
probably the best article written about swift error handling and what it means for asynchronocity: by
great insight. c# is a great language to emulate. it does not have checked exceptions like swift/java.
. on fighting terrorism: "the democratic party refuses to name the enemy."
should put rudy in charge to cure this home-grown cancer
yeah it's too bad it had that high fructose corn syrup. more of that bullshit's that's going around
sugar and fat and possessed meat, it is all evil now that we are old. :-( but once in a while...hot dogs and grape soda for all!
he understands white privilege for him and his own &amp; money for the top one percent
yup, and he's a sociopath so it's more interesting.
happy birthday lad, have a good one . (had to pick the rihanna gif)
thanks! (and thank you, rihanna! )
i use the good old "filename v1 edited 2 v3 final-client changes v2 for print exported-01.psd" but i would love a legit solution.
yeah desperately trying to avoid that
yeah i heard his talk earlier. certifiably communist
just as i suspected. unclean! shun!
tim kaine was the perfect choice for hillary. he's a moron and will do as he's told and is easily kept in the dark...
he would fill biden's shoes well and for the same reasons.
it won't be available in the us. uk only so you have to special ordered
that is bs i got it today
ha! made you read my tweet. now you're my bitch.
god damnit, stop favoriting your own tweets
stop liking your own tweets then retard
i never like my own tweets, i rt them
didn't catch that one
maybe i misheard it too lol i was super overtired yesterday, couldn't even talk on my podcast lol
hillary in for a new walloping with 'clinton, inc.' movie that digs deep into her psychology - and bill's - as it p...
swamp dwellers creative at what they do best -- lying and acting sanctimonious.
i just read something that says no public appearances til the debate. wtf ?
maybe backroom shady shit.
would you date a fixerupper?
hmmmmm if i see that he has good intentions, for sure
i would still say that's impressive, some of his work are just a masterpiece!
so pleased to run into a fellow chandler fan! he's one of my absolute favorites!
yeah, you can talk with me
yay,so,what systems do you have? as in video game systems
yeah like take ovr the world. jatalie4life
a world with out jatalie amen haha
but in actuality, i know i create almost all of my problems
was about to text you this
was just telling me about this ep last week!!
this ep is so unsubtle and so good
uh oh....what list?
my bad list lol. it takes a while to be removed from it hahahaha.
trump just suggested to bill o'reilly he was going to sue the nyt after the election over its story about his behavior toward women.
hillary should sue him for threatening her life and this should be within her rights. he is evil
low key looks like miles when his mouth is open just watching
don't disrespect that tattoo
recently we announced an agreement to acquire monsanto and create an industry leader. learn about the agreement.
excellent for you. you can now get us sick with gm foods and then sell us more meds... all while poisoning our planet.
ex-aide will testify in nj bridge closures trial that gov. chris christie knew about scheme, prosecutors say...
i am sure "fat boy christe" was aware and approved .... now he is in trumps corner, disgusting team !!!
ok. i'm going to bed. ever had blood pudding? sounds nssty
it's sounds like a euphemism...
why'd ya leave? was having fun
how did you find my twitter
she doesn't really use social media but uses instagram more than twitter or fb her instagram s/n is natalienegrotti...
i dont have a phone like that lol
goodnight everyone, sleep safe &amp; sweet dreams, wishing love, light &amp; peace to all
beautiful photograph. goodnight &amp; sweet dreams. peace
you're in the city????
i work near west 4th and live in wash htghs. where you been? lol
day 1 of 50. with adidas. sexy tour nigga vibes.
gotta come to the gym with me dev !!
yo fam i'm dave moisan!!!can't believe i'm seeing myself sing 's sex &amp; candy right now on the !!!
wishing for a great career ahead!
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
right and perhaps you should. the american people are gerring real tired of immigrantas here with benefits
thank you and hope to see you there!
is it something i can bring to as well with a co-chair donation? light on details.
amazing rally in florida - this is a movement! join us today at
this is a bowel movement.
i was going to tag you in this until i realized you retweeted it
it's because you're my bff
when bae makes reservations for your anni next week
i love you guys so much!
you can pay me to change it to jules
noooo!! she wouldn't do that to me so i won't do it to her lol.
ohhhh baby....my nipples are starting to get hard again.....
thanx for sharing that
i'm living for your shade recently
a voice of the people
how come only you get the station umbrella?
we only have one.
happy birthday bro
thanks cuddy !
the new eorld order is doing that, but not for the people's good. greedy bankers
we were sent in to depression by greedy bankers,you hit the nail on the head.but the problem is lobbist.
or it unlocks automatically if you're wearing apple watch!
how does that work?
video released shows shot and killed with hands up no threat to cops
but the police said he charged at them and reached for his waist....
1st reading in grad school was novick's "that noble dream". fitting, but yes, male.
intrigued by 's q! especially now--relevant to sue--that i teach local history i struggle to amplify diverse voices
take a good look you cowards
how am i a coward? i've been writing about the yazidis for over a year.
rosa on tv sounding like she just got here yesterday. i liked her better on ig. her role is corny too.
girl. like hmmm learn to drop that accent like i did lol
i have a list?
no, you're on the list
calling it now: chad or paul wins.
i bet you are correct
traffic all the way
it's fun from a different angle. keep moving as best you can. smile &amp; wave.
love it. my first reading was bataille's intro to religion but first paper was about gayle rubin, of course
&lt;3 &lt;3
what has been your experience? i can send your feedback to our planning and scheduling team.
yes, 30-50 minute gaps are common between 5pm-6pm on the 7x outbound. follow up would be appreciated. thanks.
no worries. i've been a tech junkie &amp; geek for over 2 decades. that and digital marketing fuel me. always down for a chat.
thanks man-- you've got a talent for it!
murder dashcam | helicopter
that's so disturbing to watch.
but what's even funnier is that if he was lawful, cops would have never been there! get a clue, hack.
try facts. he wasn't doing anything wrong. just stay in your basket.
since nasa discovered a new zodiac sign the dates have changed for each
no... i will always be a virgo this can't happen. i can't be anything else.
it's decided: and i are starting a michael crichton book club
what's the one where the guy is the cyborg? that's a good one until the end when it gets dumb.
just listened to a rousing speech on pain, passion and purpose from rep. elijah cummings. you're welcome, colin kae...
sadly that immature tweet was from my congressman...
this can't be real
see what happened was that he equated to humans trying to flee a civil war for a better life -- to candy!
i got so angry when that genius called looking to move revis to safety yesterday. gilchrist is notttt the problem &amp;ditto pryor..
on that that aj green busted play, williams blew his assignment &amp; gilc was trying to direct him to the right spot. he left the&gt;
everyone call cnn. this google cleric condemns all sects of islam
oh look who is back. the hit and run artist.
i'm srs, stop watching her. if her numbers drop, her bosses have to can her (we hope).
truth. i usually keep on in the background, but i've started changing channel to fstv &amp; cspan. enuf!
due to the upcoming birth of adam's baby, we will be cancelling our hartford show this monday. read more here-
wish you sent that tweet out as an email so i didn't drive two hours to turn around
lmao he blacked his braids dirty tho that's the dirty braids flow
lmaoo . dirty braids selling mixtapes on corner with cold in his eye meek
gary johnson: i'd close dept. of homeland security
my god, you are as stupid as you look. you don't stand a chance, and neither is that woman running with you.
should clarify for everyone that it's a hot water spill that caused this! burned three fingees
not the phalanges:(
the podcast made it to broadway! or, if you want to be more precise, 44th st.
"the bar will be open." encouraged to drink during the podcast taping; g+t is $13
as long as it's not me...i'm in
don't be a follower g lol!
love it. my first reading was bataille's intro to religion but first paper was about gayle rubin, of course
also i think we need to make that hashtag happen.
about to find out what the craze is all about! ;-) (@ icicles in san jose, ca)
spoke too soon. waiting 20 minutes in line with practically no forward movement? see y'all later!
welp, soiled it.
welp, soiled it more.
i wish i had more friends to talk about poisonous sea animals with
okay let's talk about it what's your favorite sea animal
i can't even with the makeup though
bahahaha too perfect
ya were were sounding like a guy that needed a couple of days off in a row
lol grinding for that gears console, worked sunday and had only two hours sleep lol recore to blame
fairly accurate
why would any one have to go to time square ?
do what you love, and you'll never work a day in your life...
excellently said!
and baby jesus too
yessssss indeed
do republicans believe the bombing suspect should not be in a hospital? do they think he should no be getting food?
i hate trump - but maybe he's just pointing out that in other countries thee would be no such level of care at taxpayer expense
which of these songs do you think will make it to this week's top 5?
brand new tune
sean mcdonough's been one of their best college football guys for years. trust me, he'll grow on you.
he sounds easy to like. he's calm and doesn't jabber on, which is a good style. i just got used to tirico's sing-songy delivery.
so no store is selling them shits?
it's sold out everywhere
don't die or we'll make sure connor gives your eulogy
we are going to bury connor with you like pharaohs and their cats
as you can see from my expression, 's pitched some tough questions about my experience on...
this is awesome
this whole campaign will come down to uber and lift to get the right people to the polls!
whatever it takes
shrimp &amp; peppers &amp; seasoning lol. with trader joe's rice.
seasoning is a broad term... im nit white i know there is a variety
america has never made progress by thinking one person alone can fix our problems.
...as ~"clownprince" barack hussein, the first, has continuously proven for past 7-3/4 years!!
the country is at war and hillary clinton has nary a clue as to how to address an existential threat.
the country is not at war, asshole.
alright andy run the football....
i was waiting for that....
she also did this:
swat her next time she streams
had a la croix today. am i a douche yet?
i think the real question is: how long have you been ignoring your desire for a la croix, jared?
when a someone need help with college hw n i dont answer there ft
you dont answer there ft
im afraid of the muslim skittles
nooooo! this might lead you to superimposing a maga hat onto your avi
wow! all the white ahmadi's v one anti-islamic bigot! we got this!
using that "logic" it was bigoted of jews to oppose nazism.
i told teddy ill pay for makeup costume and ill give him $100 cash if he just be shrek one time for halloween told him hell win 1st place!
vic can be donkey
here is the video i shot of shawn oakman walking to the locker room after the game -
great reporting, jessica!
where has all the anger/concern/disgust been at the yelling and general chaotic noise during our national anthem?
agreed but take a look at the beautiful angela lansbury.
trump bemoans bombing suspect's 'amazing hospitalization'
"we need to have some shitty hospitals, maybe ones with iron maidens, to take suspected criminals."
your favorite fungus is coming soon to your fingertips!
yay!!! cannot wait!
on that that aj green busted play, williams blew his assignment &amp; gilc was trying to direct him to the right spot. he left the&gt;
..slot open and gilc covered the wide open guy - the area williams shlda been- &amp;my guess is he hope revis wld hold. i luv when&gt;
starting price on ebay? $150 or higher?
almost as cute as my one. almost.
barack obama said progress is on the ballot this november. this economic data shows he's right.
why all the things you are promising is hitting america. in 3 years there will not be another change
. on isis: "they're getting good public relations b/c it looks like they're beating the us...or the us can't beat them."
we need to start executing the guilty ones!
what are on about can you read it breaks down the various understanding of jihad which is to strive to struggle lol
your source said fight disbelievers. nice try.
good luck alexandra.
thank you!!!
the window closes tomorrow for the oscars. retweet if we should give it a shot.
definitely.
i usually like playing pc (steam stuff) i like garry's mod and stuff
oh,cool,i have nintendo systems and two ps's
one of? who are the rest?! see, i've an obsession with things like murder mystery, serial killers and that stuff!
other faves of mine would include kurt vonnegut, jr., and donald barthelme.
in the wake of the terrorist attacks in new york, new jersey and minnesota...
you are at war with blacks,,,latinos,,,,,muslims
since the may product launch. we'll get to monthly soon enough :)
still impressive. godspeed
big fights? you fought liam smith
he should fight triple g talking about "big fights"
yep... so many sneaky fake people out there!
do you leave tomorrow or wednesday
have an injury report today: garoppolo, hightower, and rowe did not practice. gronk, flowers and cooper were limited
did anyone actually practice today?
so yeah, basically looking at 4-8 speakers to start. with parallel, ncm could grow a lot.
for parallel, it would have to basically double the number of speakers? i feel like we could do 8.
ratings that go past the whole number in specificity now that i have the space?
but ultimately i trust your judgement and artistic vision.
* hey look, the kid's back.
thank god!!!
yeah because we got a lot to talk about ya know
i'm having separation anxiety from you
i'm so happy to share this cover of vogue ukraine shot by the incredible anlestudio! thank you...
lovely, milla! congrats! :) wish you all the best! regards.
just got out of my last class, have to endure riverside traffic
play a game to keep your vehicle moving. it's fun &amp; you save money.
betty is unsure if she likes being a lap cat
miss u betty
this weekend i found out that black bear bar closed . the music was so good on the weekends!
what nooooo
but of course. which first though?
doesn't that depend on your squad?
i hate food shopping because it's always so expensive!
that's why my mom does it for me
okay yes it's the most historically inaccurate movie ever but it's good as a movie on its own
i, not talking about accuracy. it's a corny movie.
using that "logic" it was bigoted of jews to oppose nazism.
you got nothing. my voice outweighs all of yours ahmadis.
currently and it's awesome but ?
honestly kinda rude
so alleges police are aware of people who are plotting to kill americans and police are doing nothing.
is alleging florida cops knew what omar mateen was up to and police did nothing?
sorry, i'll stop you
nah you're good. these heat fans need a job though
shit hits the fan this episode...
can't wait for thursday
it's sooo warm here in sf
thank god i didn't bring a jacket. i was debating and then was like nope. already overdressed in jeans
no. more like they belong in sd.
you won't find that anywhere in a financial analysis. it's always about the money. if it wasn't rams would be in stl
already bought it
i don't think it'll be as big a part of my gaming as dq7, ow or wow though.
the bankers own all multinational corporations, they r the root of the problem
i know some body wanted to build battery car in us.the bankers refused finance.told him to go abroad.lowlabor
hi i'm turning life into a musical who's with me?!?!?!?
hey nonny ding dong, alang, alang, alang ... oh, life could be a dream [sh-boom] if i could take you up in paradise up above..
but honestly storm weather is the best weather
it's daily in uk
a jim cornielson anthem, visually.
exactly. guy was killer
during time of war " when you are attacked "
don't try and takeover and people will not push back. keep trying.
he said it's too dayroom &amp; if he catches me there he's really gonna drag me out :( lmfaooo
lmfao oh damn the food fire tho, and a little hookah won't kill nobody
..slot open and gilc covered the wide open guy - the area williams shlda been- &amp;my guess is he hope revis wld hold. i luv when&gt;
..fans at home w/no access 2coaches tape, who sit on the couch and cant see the entire field, become lombardi breaking down film
in fact he's so retarded he has to work at a burger joint.
oh i see. burger king hires a lot of people in that condition.
i wish i had something to instagram.
here are some options including an exclusive grainy barnaby selfie
the list where he turns you into, brady* wearing a dog collar, list
that sounds all kinds of kinky hahahaha.
they'll stand up for xbox but not wolf. god forbid they piss off crappy
incorrect , wolf is cool , i dm him. and he is a friend, please shut your face
"everyone who wants to go to college should be able to without drowning in debt." -hillary
absolutely right! the solution is spelled: "w-o-r-k!" millions and millions of students have done it... successful today!!
when the founder died it got acquired by afc (publicly traded). but she oversees all 2000 chain stores so she's pre...
yeah afc is now popeyes louisiana kitchen, inc. so she's lit, but still not the owner.
maybe correct pronunciation implies a clarity devoid of judgment
there can be a special power in the saying of a name.
when says she's going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free, you know what? that's a very big deal.
it is huge things by all americans
i love retail! lol it's fun helping ppl with shit and being talkative
i wish everyone had the same mindset lol
so stoked to say i'm officially an assistant editor ! can't thank &amp; enou...
congrats!!!!
during time of war " when you are attacked "
so either let muslims takeover or else. thanks for admitting that.
no. because i'll never watch it lol.
come on that would be an entertaining blog.
...not gonna tweet about wentz...containing myself.
i just said to my room mate that he looks real good. quick and decisive good ball placement
no worries! i know the tech is up and to the right. and the pomeranian does think he's a person, so...
that's right. we think of pets a family/person. kidding... ;-) thanks for the feedback. we will keep improving altos.
which team are you most surprised to see start 0-2?
saints hands down. but the nfl is a league of matchups. so week to week matters
these are points made in my story! ;-)
wait! i'm supposed to read whole story -- not just react to tweet? now you tell me!
didn't think you were much of a gamer.
i'm really not but i may try it lol. the two main games i play are usually the wwe games &amp; any of the rocksteady batman games
overcast that morning
i live in nj...yes what a joke! blue sunglasses are something very fishy. certainly not a fashion statement! lol
this just in! defends her vs. both &amp; at !
we all saw this coming
thank you for the love &amp; support!!! 296...
anytime - love the vision (and the fashion!)
does anyone with super thick hair [and ugh i hate using the word "coarse" but....] have a good recommendation for a light conditioner?
i've always relied on john frieda and i've liked the head &amp; shoulders with almond one tbh but i think it's weighing down my hair
damn music is awesome
you're awesome
just extrapolating your logic. (logic: you should try it sometime!)
you said that they could vet them. i provided a link that shows that it can't be done.
the rev'd. dr. james forbes begins, "i will bless the lord at all times..."
his praise shall ever be in my mouth.
sasha lane, willow smith, fka twigs and marilyn manson for dazed's 25th anniversary issue
congrats, sasha! :) all the best! regards.
what kind of man with children can look at another child-one suffering or dead-and call him a "skittle"?
just a bunch of dead shell shocked skittles
any good perfume suggestions? i need a new smell. cc:
elizabeth &amp; james bourbon
was about to text you this
excuse me why
a hard core libtard and massive supporter, the media will not ask if she will turn down his support
. will you stop supporting trump since he's being sued for rape, you sickening bigot?
youranonnews: murder dashcam | helicopter
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
idubz is a savage. this whole leafy thing is just mental. it's like the internet just went to war.
your tweet will be on and scarce now...
"the lesson she passed on to me was simple but powerful: no one gets through life alone." -hillary on her mom
and with no morals
i'm so tired dude like my mom is all "peace n luv" until someone tells her she's being unknowingly racist thru conditioning
sometimes my step dad uses racial slurs w/o thinking about it and then gets mad when i correct him like?????????????
what's on your retirement bucket list?
the gangs back together
is the only candidate who has reparations on the table. the only ticket with a black activist for black people
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
and.. btw.. thanks for your response.
my pleasure!
that tequila was the last thing you needed the other night my friend lol
haha very true
don't believe it was because he was black. taser goes off and then another officer shoots. too jumpy to be le. 2/2
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
we also go to hollister for the cornfield maze around halloween (156, 1 mile from cdf) then eat at cdf after for food/pie. ^_^
man wish i had time to just stay and visit and not be on an immediate turn-around... where do you live?? need to come back more often.
why am i not in this conversation? ??
lol.. you did not pay your own dues ooo
prosecutors: knew his associates were involved in shutting down the george washington bridge lanes.
... sure christe knew ... now he is part of the disgusting team trump, rudy, christe
the irony is those that need to get it....still won't get this analogy (smh)
the issue is people are not skittles. wtf is wrong with you people??
it was really hot today welp
you've got all the khastgars lining up huh
still tryna figure this out
yeah me too
headline: mexican police find van with homemade bazooka for launching drugs into u.s. trump's wall will force trespasser launches... splat
oh....shit no more pot,,,,drugs come from canada,,,but we will stop mexico,,,thats stupid
i am happy to report, because of you (and cnbc), i have subscribed to " .i'm hoping i can enjoy more directly your reports
great to hear edwin!
is gotham good? couldn't finish first season but didn't hate it
same but ian from shameless plays a gooooood joker
he too much mob
you know he love you. i can only imagine how cold you be to him... cuz you colder than baby d
what is a mellineal? i've heard of a . is that what you mean...?
my definition is younger generations. but there are a lot of definitions out there.
i found this black enameled metal vanity case in the '50s in a vermont shop, but it looks possibly '20s or '30s....
has an etsy shop filled with vintage bags and she appreciates great food/service?
hot dogs only on a thursday. will add the grape soda though!
ok and y thursday?
find out how much hillary's college plan will save you:
u will say anything thing! hey hrc u f**king lying money whore, tell the americans how much u will raise our taxes 4 this!
the country is at war and hillary clinton has nary a clue as to how to address an existential threat.
the country is not at war. you are an unpleasant idiot.
tell me how it goes
he used to go ucsc lol! small world!! then he said this was a date n i was like what... uh...we just met ..nvr doin dis again
just extrapolating your logic. (logic: you should try it sometime!)
also, it is cheaper to resettle them in the middle east! why take any in?
thursday! haha i get to enjoy nyc for the next few days.
oh cool were gonna miss ya definitely have to get the trip planned soon
i just googled what a muumuu is and well
seems good to me tbh !
big for blair right now. can he still compose himself?
answer is yes.
no one gets through life alone. we have to look out for each other and lift each other up.
this does not like like hillary at all
weird. i've always heard the opposite. if you don't spend you aren't taxed (sales tax) - which is what retired folks need
along age lines yeah possibly. along class lines, poor folks spend *vastly* higher % of income, out of necessity.
there is no limit to stupidity and jealousy ... now get lost
i was aware that beggar has nothing to offer . keep begging , let me know when you get alms
it is historical fact that state's rights was used as a justification for slavery. to complete the circle.. 1/
state's rights, being closer to the governed, should be preferred and trump federal gov in general. but... /2
i second that!
would be a beautiful world indeed lol
almost puked didn't you. me too
who did that?? they should be arrested.
america itisstilltooearlyforhalloweendecorations
big-box home improvement store has xmas lights up next to halloween section.
...of hundreds of emails.
i just got down to one email. good golly does a clean inbox feel good.
thank you so much the follow. is there something i can do to help you out? i like your life goal!
share my posts!
but you know what twisted tea is so you wouldn't do that
i'd give it willingly
"we are not in a narrative fight -- we are at war with radical islamic terrorism, and we need a president who knows it." -
you are at war with blacks...latinos...muslims...you are sick
any twitter followers going to oracle open world?
i don't get paid nearly enough to attend something like that
hes still under contract calling balt orioles...googbye homerun
i know i hear him sometimes on mlb network. he can make a cocker roach race exciting!
...with members of bgst. im my own man and i associate with who i feel...
i talked to crap and gonna talk to wolf. i told crap to talk to him.
ahmad rahami planned, constructed &amp; placed multiple bombs in two states by himself then was captured asleep in the doorway of a bar.really?
bro was lit as fuck
i really need to find a rent-a-drums place in montreal too, it's been way too long.
did u play drums!!???? this studio is awesome cuz really close to my work and $20 for 2 and a half hours! (3pm-530pm)
leonard nimoy sings "the ballad of bilbo baggins." one of many gems in 's doc. :...
one of the most bizarre and amazing moments in pop culture history.
college should be tuition-free for working families and debt-free for everyone:
tell that to law enforcement
you're sounding kind of negative
i see what you did there...
happy birthday to , who i can't be with today because i'm in dc at . good reason, st...
i love you, and i'm so proud of you and everyone there!
brandi needs a tall glass of stfu with a side of sit tf down!
how are you mad at max for secret studio sessions when you secretly spent your child's savings on a store?!?
wait. i'm on a list?
sometimes, yeah lmao!! jk gg
i've got a hp touchpad if you want to buy it :p
i still love webos. i have a webos tv now, guess that counts?
i would love a varsity/letterman jacket q_q
goddd same....i found a basic black hoodie one on amazon for $40 and its so hard to not buy it fkhf
pulled an all nighter reading by i couldn't put it down. i had to finish. can't wait for another. love it
so happy to hear it!!!
we are very unlucky that you have a platform to spout nonsense like this.
what a moron lol you just can't make this up, dropped on your much as a child ??
happy birthday mermaid!
thank you!!
obama using air force one to fly around campaigning for defines fraud, waste, and abuse!
that $200k/hr expense should be charged to the . campaign if had any balls.... b-a-l-l-s!!
fisher: "i'm expecting case to continue to get better in this offense and we're going to win games and score points."
if that's the case (whoah, pun!), why draft goff then? could've kept those picks and used them for, say, a db...
lots of love to all of you ! miss you !!
i miss and love you so much
this is gross! why is it on my timeline?!
that's what i'm sayin!!
...*don't. not sure why my name is in your tweets. dont know you &amp; dont...
he wants attention just like his avatar, just a drama queen that's all
juniors from jupiter won originally, but it was too similar to the seniors theme
:'( we can make it different!! alien theme as opposed to star wars specifically
don't waste your time on anything that doesn't contribute to your growth.
wonderful advice, adrianne! :) be well! regards.
call you in 20, walking my dog right now.
a man who lives his dog more!!! right priorities!
i was tagged by ! i think these three sum me up pretty well
aw man why didn't i think of chandler
the agency model makes me , esp for new brands, when the least important content is what brands put out themselves
truth a partnership with a yesjulz or complexmag (pending ur target) offers significantly greater impact than a :60 or :30
how's monster sushi??
closed actually. i went there to pick up john from work and eat sushi.
that's true:) maybe i'll buy something when i visit you?
haha girl if u can afford all the power to ya!
write a piece on thisssssss
oooh. yeah, i think i will
i'm speechless.
in his defense, it really breaks it down to an elementary school level so his dad can understand.
or is nothing new under the sun? :)
yeah. something like that. new mediums, same hearts. sigh.
yeah. but agonizing for me. lol.
wtf were they thinking when they made that? i mean......it can't be good. at all.
he said something about her?
he used a pic of her to further perpetuate the "black girls wear weave" in regards to him appropriating black culture
please retweet &amp; help sick of her attacking our girl then repeating trump conspiracy theories
yes! aka spawn!
idubz is a savage. this whole leafy thing is just mental. it's like the internet just went to war.
idubbbz destroyed leafy
christian college changes policy after criticism for kicking out pregnant student
christians on the way to hell.....
young arms: wheeler? harvey? matz? degrom? for next season? from incredible to who knows what will happen next yr.
i continue to get a kick out of the degrom spelling.
well that makes sense. but at least you were on the cruise. i have to do that someday.
need a cast member to take me on a cruise. discount.
interesting. has removed his "i will make you safe again" tweet.
maybe it's because his handlers convinced him it sounded better in the original russian.
tell me that's a bank
...that's a bank, lol
well if you're ever interested and if you have a ps4 i'm tobinhood on it if you want to mp
i have xbox one
i appealed my ad situation with them and they basically told me to go fuck myself and kept the money i was owed.
ugh, that's what i'm worried about. what did they flag you for?
...aaaand we're back. apologies for the inconvenience.
still getting a 502 here.
this comic (power man &amp; iron fist ) is now on marvel unlimited. you're welcome.
all-time great cover too, got this at a yard sale like three years ago
mandy hates stalking the busses she feels stupid haha so we didnt even try this time around
i metrob in oct when i waited outside a radio station but the man that took a picture put his finger over the lens
a love live sunshine x soulja boy amv - basically this set to clips of you
if nobody else does it by winter break, remind me.
just made orange chicken + fried rice + pork gyoza for the first time... in oven/on stovetop (no microwave) ...so good!!!
they kung pao chicken is my shit....
...have a prob with you. have a good day but leave me out of your drama.
yep dramaqueen lol washwoman .
also not mentioned: "iphone 7 is available to purchase. the note 7 is recalled and is not available anywhere for the forseeable future."
note 7 should be available by september 21. seems silly to focus a review on a temporary state.
see you there
the brand is so strong dude
oh boy, what have i missed??
i started shit and now it's coming back to haunt me
when ur drunk and u need to watch urself
if this isn't me idk what is
wanted to thank you for sharing you amazing/interesting story with our classhope your doing well
thank you, haylee! i appreciate that so much!
patriots who dare... join our fight to save america! click here
so kick out malania trumo and donald trump...his mother was illegal
suspect id'd christopher craig reportedly the intruder, previously coached basketball &amp; now identifies as an 'islam...
tell him we're sorry but that's not one of the options on the bathroom door
i really need my magic band to say something special about me just like everyone else.
there were only 1,500 of mine. just me and 1,499 other people!
i don't even know what to say.
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
the pajas are gonna be on another level now that i don't gotta worry about headphone wire being all over
exactly
do you go for it again here? oh nevermind with that spot
not watching your o's??
that $200k/hr expense should be charged to the . campaign if had any balls.... b-a-l-l-s!!
ya don't see the taxpayer paying for .'s campaign air travel!!
just kitting..
more from the "often unseen" archives of crowdfunding campaign fulfillment. figuring this out is like plating food.
- i gave up in her a long time ago. she is no longer a credible journalist.
so second that. inconceivable how still keep her.
this has to be the finally straw . we need police reform now! you don't kill a terrorist but you kill a stranded motorist?
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
i'm free the weekend
me n ayeesh wanna kickit then
i think..... i'm going........ to go to lulu...... right now..................
amanda and i went this morning. she finally tried on some!
absolutely sick and disgusted about what happened thoughts and prayers to family and friends
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
i think i'm going to purchase one of my plane tickets this weekend
where we going?
i mean, obviously you are going to die.
i would hope that their predictions are not incorrect
just had my acl done, they gave me percs which totally fucked me.up, made me sick and sweaty. i quit after three days
sprained an ankle pretty bad, was given vicodin. took one as directed, never again. it's poison.
where next?
nothing too special, just volunteering at yosemite for a week with their archeologist.
going to be on with tomorrow first thing in the morning tune in!
boy how am i gonna do that i have school
next time a brain dead liberal or a muslim tells you that the majority in islam are peaceful, tell em this!
oh yeah, like we're being bombed every day! 500k muslims in nyc. if they were dangerous we'd all be dead! daft and ignorant
the famous card at disney hollywood studios today brian john &amp; ellen
fantastic john! hope you are both having a fab time. great photo
"sam's toilet is so comfortable"
so much leg space and privacy
explain to me in simple sentences what america's current refugee vetting program is
can't wait for donald to break out a skittles-themed chart at his next press conference.
zero chance they indict betty from the school bake sale! don't expect justice this time around (not that we were)....
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
they hate us cause they anus
the fact that my dog is in this pic
maybe write an article about us on your website.
ahmadis helped create pakistan. they are part of the problem.
maybe she's from one of those countries which they ship the losing team's championship gear to
maybe she's from an alternate universe???
well i can't speak for everyone, but when i deleted my app at certain times i met potential guys at more intimate gatherings
like game nights or house functions my friends had and there were other guests. all depends on time and place i guess
sorry to hear this marisa! we'll get this reported to management. thanks for reaching out. ^be
midtown east locations said was not being carried anymore!
one of america's most popular games that one never heard of
are you one of those people who has a cabinet full of board games
as churchill famously said, democracy is the worst form of government until you consider every alternative.
. trump: "to hell w/this 'nation of laws' bs. elect me &amp; i'll make it a 'nation of balls'." maybe i dreamt this.
just made orange chicken + fried rice + pork gyoza for the first time... in oven/on stovetop (no microwave) ...so good!!!
kung pao chix+the tandoori naan and the veg. gyoza
when dont they suck.
they have no defense!
responding "don't worry about it" when someone asks me a question is my favorite tiny flex
oh that is so northeast italian.
i give up . i've been to every 7-11, duane reade &amp; cvs from murray hill to chelsea according to your locator &amp; still no crystal pepsi.
coke is better anyway.
patriots who dare... join our fight to save america! click here
show evidence malania trump and donalds mother came here legally
i told this girl he boyfriend cheated cause i felt bad and she got mad at me lmao
omg ive done that before lol. like if i was in her position i would want someone to tell me and i'd be happy they did....
let's be real: i'm scrubby spice
i really love scrubby spice
trump: all the debate moderators are democrats
media against trump! surprisingly revealed nj bomber left fingerprints
please say you've read come back, dr. caligari?!
i don't think i have, actually. wait, unless it's a short story? in which case, probably, yes. but if it's a novel, no.
topics announced for first trump-clinton presidential debate
all he will do is blame obama and clinton will not give any solutions. only i can defeat isis. just hope he has some new material.
its breathtaking how many lies and half truths this guy can jam into one article. it seems to be going around.
as a loyal viewer of morning joe, the article sounds pretty accurate, except speculation about internals of the meeting
more from the "often unseen" archives of crowdfunding campaign fulfillment. figuring this out is like plating food.
this could work..
good night isac,kisses.
lel, sweet baby! i wish you a great dream
fmr fbi asst dir james kallstrom says he "cannot name one thing" the obama admin has done since orlando terror attack. details on
more proof he and hillary don't care!
he is always f.i.n.e.
thanks good evening all
i think i could find my next wife at michaels lol
if you don't already, their rewards system gives hella good coupons almost daily!
it's gonna be a good week, i can feel the goodness, i take everything i said last night back
nvm i take this back too
maybe write an article about us on your website.
that proves they are changing the uk to suit islam. backstabbers,.
when we work together, we will trump hate.
only the scum of the earth would vote for hrc. she is responsible 4 the deaths in benghazi, obamacare &amp; terrorism in usa
. as a former catholic, i'd say not just conservative politics but rigid ideology where liberal=sinful. no space 4 differences
time to start turning over tables and make our voices heard!
ugh... happens to me all the time.
jim has been brawling most of this episode. his own fight club, jim vs. everybody!
hi! thx for previous info i did eventually find some straight info on casinos in north whatu say bout "breaking news" re: cc
yes. look what they did with funding revel. last thing we need is more pension fund abuse. too many games played outside casinos!
yeah. mostly tho i'd like model systems ppl to see it as a home. not a one off show.
gonna need more than 8/250 attendees to make it a "home," then
tsu surf vs shotgun suge: it's going to happen on udubb
why warreport ain't book that battle lol
two legs good. four legs bad. or something like that.
unfortunately not as simple - babies, kids. humans crawling.
me: *yelling up the stairs* what are you doing up there? 4-year-old: reading. me: there was a loud crash. 4: reading really hard.
stone tablets can be hard to handle. got to give them some space, dad.
this is a very worthy cause.
this just proves soccer beards are not real beards.
it's time to retire your corrupt warhawk.
love how trump fans that troll think the msm is "dishonest" until a pro trump story, then i...
10 years old. hurt me soul, daydreamin', i gotcha...so many good tracks. terrific album.
it's a shame homeboy went crazy
i just drew the best doggo ive ever drawn and i'm bad but im gonna use it as a base to make refs for all my doggo ocs lmao
its not even that good but i am incredibly horrible at drawing dogs
doesn't matter good drive imo our quarterback looks great guys a stud
eagles all day fam if that throw to celek was an inch higher.. all good though he looks crisp
i'm with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again!
what did you have to do with those bombs in manhattan?
trying to think of another bird with a 'tertial overhang'. i can't.
i was thinking that is a unique primary extension then you mention "tertial overhang" ... spot on!
we didn't know which way we were going until that morning. well i didn't. if i knew i would have told you.
oh well, next time! i see bikers go through here all the time.
using his logic these skittles could b a bowl of men - or a bowl of trump voters - &amp; there would b a lot more deadly skittles.
a veritable "rainbow of deplorables"
brandon throwing shade at topps
nah, just at open offices.
i'm so emotionally drained tonight. i just want to sit and bawl my eyes out
that was me friday. the one good thing, tomorrow is a brand new day
"he's a trainer, he has an awesome body. i wanted to connect with him from the moment i saw him". seriously? deep
ha! and he didn't talk with him in atlanta either
love the new timeline ui by the way. much better. my compliments to the team!
thx! that's great to hear.
and i monday wednesday friday
and basically every day of the week
when you have to start school on mondays....
ew school i'm allergic
i thought of a funny pun about coins but it doesn't make any cents
kermit sewerside the nearest chance u get pls
i wish i could tell you guys what i am working on so bad!!!! it's taken 19 months to finalize! i am dying for you to see! i use it everyday
give us a small hint please
the passed on this guy
that's why they're the browns
hi all, does anyone know if there is a good netflix repo or add on for kodi ? cheers
ahhh... you don't need netflix anymore all netflix shows are on any movie add on you have installed
for a month ??? wow!! are you backpacker traveling or with travel agent ?
im with my family so it's a family trip. how i wish i was backpacking all by myself huhu
this is serious.
sure is. policing needs dismantling. the system isn't about crime. it's about criminalizing freedom.
wow will, i was almost speechless when i read this -- thank you for such incredibly kind words, it is much appreciated :)
. you thoughtfully promote the work of others in the community w/out asking for anything in return. that's rare + laudable.
not all of us can be the pimps you are wayne.
well, the moment you're overweight you lose your pimp status. i don't have much money, so it's all charm! :-)
cue the "bills shoulda hired him instead of rex" tweets
he got really lucky with injuries. also wasn't his head coaching stint poor?
jesus lmao rt : mrcarterpg3 carter ain't did squats since big nasty was under 200lbs.
haha got to get that booty right
w. he re did you get this video im crying hahahaahha
hahahhah its the best video ever
.: "[hrc]'s got a lot of baggage...she's been there a long time &amp; we need change in this country."...
only god knows what's in all those bags too! we will probably never find out!
if you could ask me for anything and i must say yes. what will you ask for?
and i don't even know you. i would ask you be just be my friend.
america needs to deport the trespassers and make drugs legal so we can grow our own...
marijuana comes from canada,,,,heroin comes from afghanistan,,,usa controls afghan
state's rights, being closer to the governed, should be preferred and trump federal gov in general. but... /2
individual "unalienable rights" trumps state's rights, and it is federal gov domain to protect those rights. /f
this lipstick trend is out of this world
this is really cool, but you do know that geodes are a terrestrial phenomenon, right?
excellent maturity from wentz to not force that throw in the rz to dgb. ending with a fg is okay there.
lookout for bears lb.
nothing too special, just volunteering at yosemite for a week with their archeologist.
nice. we should sync up when you're back.
ooooooooh i didn't realize i was getting fresh gators!
bonus! (and they were handmade custom just for meee!)
nobody in america should have to forgo a higher education because they can't afford it.
this corrupt washington elite, bought and oaid for by donors can never be president. we need to get...
this would be indicative of what we call "intent," if you're not a slow-witted director of the fbi.
slow witted or afraid or paid off!
that sucks but funny in a way
yeah, i know.
go to and register to vote today. register your friends. register everyone you know.
i can't wait until you lose, hrc. u are a benedict arnold 2 the usa &amp; americans. u r so beneath us! garbage!
great! we are in the middle of something really important, we are about to sign peace with 1 of 3 terrorist groups.
that is wonderful!
how have i never heard of this place???? looks amazing
food was on par - service was eh
such a fun evening finding zen and catching up w my triplets and
orrrrr ....
"boston is just the jv new york." - speaks to my soul.
jv? barely peewee.
but it is still a discount..which is better than full price.
uh from what i recall the cruise discount was sweet af. like 40% off or something.
harry potter and the cursed child starts where the epilogue in deathly hallows ended. so it can only get better.
so far, this reads like a series of tweets.
not true at all...islam requires study and research, not blind faith
any idiot can become a muslim.
kiki is better at critique than me since she is a professor, lol!
you guys are both great and i'm happy i could support both of your plushies!
trump: i would 'strongly consider' appointing judges to overturn same-sex marriage
if trump wins, he will get to appoint nearly half of supreme court justices-enough to overturn roe v. wade
must read tv writing!
thanks for the tweet, amanda.
at ! can win the in her 1st true main roster ppv match?
that would be the best we're going to hell in a cell&amp; we would love to see bayley as the champ
looking good brian. good luck for sunday. hope the ribs are a bit better by then. hh
cheers graham mate. nothing keeps me down ha ha
and and and and who provides you with open offices
the same loving organization who might provide me with closed offices!
it was such a tough one! thanks for watching!
no thank you! loved your performance!
thank u brigitte 4 ur facts. these folks, do noth...
the garbage never ends. money must be good doing hate work!
is such a pleasant person to deal with.
lol, only trump trolls don't require poof, no links needed, just troll w/it. i'm sure she said...
i am pro police but this is about as open and shut as it gets, why shoot him? he wasn't even subject of the initial call.
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
i thought u sold ur xbox
no one wanted it
thats why a lot of colombians have the "si" in our photos, is because we are saying yes to peace
thanks. i had seen that but did not know the reference point.
is the gov't going to revoke the improperly granted citizenship to 800+ mostly muslims from "problem" countries?
why aren't people from countries all over the world other than muslims given citizenship?
there's just no excuse
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
so there are 4 more lectures to listen. 1:15 each. 3 hours until midnight. math.
lectures are on genetics though.
btw for anyone who is curious, these were some of my birthday presents.
dude, i never got to wish you a happy birthday. please accept these belated greetings!
it really is. like full on with that jewish metaphor. i love it
can you fucking imagine if we'd had the internet? anti-sjw fanboys would have lost their tiny minds
let me guess: if the "hate speech" (freedom of speech) fits into your ideology you are fine with it, right?
as eric holder says hate speech/crimes harm minorities like jews, muslims, african americans, hispanics.
thanks for spot, but did you have to use pics from the 1 time event wasn't on ?
thanks for the updated photos!
then the crazy scientist lady dances too
i keep expecting her to dab
youranonnews: murdered by police.
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
this press release is amazing "oracle competes at all three levels of the cloud, all three tiers of the cloud"
damn there are levels of the cloud
i have to be honest it didn't feel good
this is v much something i wld also do
she is so pretty
whats her name?
ooooooooh i didn't realize i was getting fresh gators!
bonus! (and they were handmade custom just for you!)
[longrun] , shooting fr:92.0t/m
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
what's the year cutoff for millennials-who-admit-they're-millennials? i feel like people born before 1983 really don't like the label.
i'm ok with it, 1981
complimentary deluxe samples from with $3.99 delivery from ? don't mind if i do!
how do i actually get to / find the section &amp; the free samples? would love to try !
when's your next class?
omg did not see this! on mondays and wednesdays i have a break from 10:45-12:50!
. on debate against : "if she treats me with respect, i will treat her with respect....
praying he doesn't get pulled into a cat fight!
let's reduce a human being to a skittle. good god.
this guy hasn't achieved anything yet he incites against the weak what a loser!!!
"illegal click activity"
that's such bullshit. they hit for the same thing.
. a semi-functional (swap in gunnarsson if pirlo and xabi can't...
this is solid!
he was unarmed physically. biologically he was armed w/blk skin. another life taken &amp; the list of hashtags continues 2 grow
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
yeah. it we could never utilize it. 35%
right that was my ish too. i had no time
we love him!
they keep giving him crap about natalie its like they have no life i hope nat runs upo and hugs him
. expresses concern that in the u.s. "we're going to be living in a state of constant siege like israel." more on at 9.
clearly this dork hasn't been to israel. i hear they're very chill, hip and relaxed - enjoying life seaside
redemption is coming to you can't escape god. now the world finally knows...
share:) ceramic soap dispenser
i'm gonna die in my costume but it's gonna be worth it
i have a beard...... bro lol
who named non pointy sword fighting fencing and why did he call it that
non pointy sword fighting has a way better ring to it
nice! we're still not there yet.
it's strange this year. most trees haven't started turning yet, but there are a few really far along.
now that usernames no longer count in replies, let's start the world's biggest canoe. reply to this, add someone, that person replies......
this is why we can't have nice things.
la is coming to you on thursday!
so soon. yessss can't wait
if he can just be justin turner we'll be good
he's already better and doesn't look like a leprechaun!
can't wait for 's real life book to blow my mind, the cover is as velvety smooth as reported
what is this beautifully colored background??
might be time for a new euphemism
then the terrorists win
look what arrived today! thank you
so happy it made it before 2017! hope you have lots of fun!
wth????
i need to bathe in holy water now lol.
red sox are two years ahead of nyy with their youth movement. picture will be much clearer in late 2018.
agreed. don't forget just 3 winning seasons last 6 years for them. much harder for a consistent team to build farm
going to be on with tomorrow first thing in the morning tune in!
i have school please be considerate thank you
i'm having childhood flashbacks! i come from a grapes of wrath family--i rooted for the arkansas chug a bug moons...
good old black and white! classic.
apple music peeps: is itunes usable in os x sierra? i'm thinking about switching back to take advantage of siri integrations &amp; need yonce.
i've been contemplating a switch back as well.
malcolm jenkins among 4 eagles to raise fists in protest during national anthem.
i just lit my hair on fire...wanna post that:)
a coworker of mine did the alaskan cruise twice. he loved it. come to new orleans to go to the caribbean cruise :p
hmmm... well i *am* planning on finishing my road trip next year in new orleans...
thanks and
welcome ugly
america needs to deport the trespassers and make drugs legal so we can grow our own...
i live in mexico,,,,i only smoke canadian weed,,,,,mexican weed sucks
hey! i'm tweeting about a bad comic book show. don't lump me in with those jerks.
i knew i was missing some show tonight. whoops
i'm with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again!
prove ur with us by showing ur taxes. we don't need a puppet who owes $ to despots around the world.
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
there is no way that you and the campaign are this stupid. it cannot be.
sorry i didn't get a video up this weekend - really want these next few to be perfect. i'll have one up asap
love you follow me
i'm sorry for you dear , take a vacation and come visit us to this end.
i hope, sweetheart i will be sambando in brazil with lula as president. amn
sit through enough terrible pm interviews, and you begin to appreciate a pm that knows how to measure success and actually add value.
any interviews...
probably not...i mean, "the nypd is investigating" is a good enough rationalization to publish unverified nonsense in its entirety, right?
one had an update: "we have discredited [the manifesto]." imagine that. we discredited the thing we irresponsibly published. congrats.
i told my mom i'm probably not voting for hillary and she said it's just cause she's a girl that i'm not choosing her lmao yes mom smh
bruh. still gotta go vote for the downticket stuff. get the mail in ballots. saves so much time.
link to xcode installation instructions for system with older xcode installed? have 6.3.1, want to install 7.3.1. thanks!
just grab the disk image from the downloads at it's a drag-install.
with the upcoming opening of raids, i've read so many asinine raid group criteria on trade already.
"must have already completed the raid that doesn't come out 'til tomorrow. and be geared from the next raid. and be level 120."
seems quite necessary! and whoooot for all the lovelyfamiliartome places you experienced!
i don't think you can go wrong!
newt gingrich: "in a normal society" the clintons would be "ostracized as totally unpatriotic scammers"
newt actually said this after not paying vendors/expenses during his last pres run. to a tune of $4mil debt scammer
can't be true. spokespeople for christie and cuomo say the call never happened.
on my old beat, i'd stock hipaa waivers in my car trunk for injured interviewees to sign. maybe pols should be sworn in?
evidently, thinks she and her supporters will be exempt from the trumpocalypse. fire burns everyone, j...
she is an idiot.
i know i love it, there's always something to do and it's honestly not the worst place to start a family.
i mean we live in lawrence which is pretty tough so nyc looks like paradise to us n shit
i meant unlocking the phone. you touch to unlock, press to open. i used to just touch to unlock &amp; open. 2 steps now.
no you press to unlock and open. you can change setting to rest finger to unlock &amp; open.
i bet other people on that list are brad pitt and channing baetum.
no, they're not on the bad list lol. brad pitt isn't on any list. never cared for him.
why am i always at the casino?
i find them so weird. all these people standing around waiting to take your machine, like fuck off.
fuck family, right? fuck a bond, right? right.
fuck loyal friends right? right.
plane taking off. gotta go. love you all.
that cinderella track is 2222222 fire u got that off
disrespected ambassador christopher "stevens" in life and in death~forgot name?
this pic of mr. stevens needs to be published every day across social media so ppl never forget hillary's murderous handiwork
glitch for the practice only or glitch to get 99?
it can get you 99 gets you your upgrades it's in practice shit doing the vertical jump
you've completely missed the point - it's not about 1 kid - it's about the inability to detect if
refugees are vetted for over 18 months. this is a country built upon opening doors to those destroyed by wars
nothing like a surprise delivery of client goodies to beat the monday blues. thank you so much, !
can't wait meet you!!
bruh. still gotta go vote for the downticket stuff. get the mail in ballots. saves so much time.
yeah i got that! will be doing that yessss
any thoughts on which to go for? 12.9 or 9.7? i don't use the subway much. thx
the 12.9 is awesome.
oh &amp; i think is so turning heel on this sunday @ too.
i was thinking the same
turned off monday night football after eagles demeaned themselves protesting usa- obama &amp; hillary must be proud of alinsky racial conflict
nfl brand is forever tainted.
can someone give me one good reason to not spend $300 on this cat dress cuz i can't think of anything?
mom just texted me: "i can draw a cat on ur dress for cheaper"
the amount of food that you get is the same though. -shane
no it's not. you get a tortilla with a burrito. nothing with a bowl.
ahh you can take it
i think i do pretty well lol!
braun didn't even take the straps off man come on he's like patrick with the lid
: i feel like he barely caught sin cara for that power slam.
automatic grants are back in aurora baby its time to partyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
sounds like 10k machines just appeared in the dcs.
the fargo has opinions about the man's rules
i hope that sign has contributed to an increase in dogs pooping on the lawn (with owners picking up, of course).
.: "i get a kick when says 'i will [do] this' &amp; 'i will that' - what's she been doi...
she's been fundraising and fleecing the american people. and destroying emails and killing our guys in benghazi!
seems quite necessary! and whoooot for all the lovelyfamiliartome places you experienced!
also, your city is amazing. such great views. we saw the fremont troll, so many boats, and the lovely trees. beautiful.
yeah man! i was being very considerate too. smh
that's dumb i'm sorry
nobody in america should have to forgo a higher education because they can't afford it.
keep targeting young unregistered voters, directly.
amazing rally in florida - this is a movement! join us today at
yeah, a bowel movement of racist pieces of shit and nazi gimps. "there might be a few good ones, though."
for sure!! i should have wifi over there so i'll be around :)
cool its nice to have someone that always supporting us fans as well
that's fucked up. i'd rather listen to bro country tbh
y'all saw that right??
i did not know this. thanks for the heads up!
i literally get 50% off (including items already on sale) all the time. it gets dangerous tho, bc you start going all the time lol
okay, but my favorite tag has to be "hannibal is hannibal/hannibal being hannibal" because it says so much with so little.
my fave is "hannibal is not a cannibal," because only in hannibal fandom would no cannibalism need a warning
amazing rally in florida - this is a movement! join us today at
intelligent americans are shunning your backwards movement to an ignorant and intolerant country. your legacy will suffer!
the new 7 story apartment building proposed for concord looks pretty good compared to current use.
rip the sun
alpha counter to ahvb was later because beam was the early preferred assist for cable but still year 1 stuff
what was early year1 tier list (roughly)
lol...with our luck it would be survivor dating edition.
right my eyes would bleed *the horror* *shudders*
hillary clinton's it consultant ('stonebear') has been erasing his secret comments from reddit on redacting her emails made two years ago.
you have become biased and unreliable, sad
. why is nobody protecting tourists &amp; their children from this harassment? it happens everyday
i wonder if it would help if the tourists call either 911 or 311?
i miss you sis!
right tap in tho
see john stumble. see john whine. see john fade away.
john thinks his best chance for a comeback is to side with barack obama's tpp. wrong
this is the most ideal move for sony. expanding its user base. money will come in. but fanboys wont accept
just like play anywhere , won't matter , make the service attractive
complicated work environment.
did cat take that picture?
that sucks but funny in a way
this is the picture i got! rob looks so pink in it! lol
new skytrain map day! the millennium line gets the evergreen stations, expo line will go to sfu and king george.
is the airport connector good? i am probably gonna fly out of yvr in december :)
lol no need for such profanity
but you have "forking" in the tweet ?
i remember fondly when vh1 used to have stand up comedy and i loved it. so many under the radar gems.
yes! that's where i saw that routine. standup spotlight hosted by rosie o'donnell.
. on his plan to profile for potential terrorists: "israel does it &amp; israel does it very successful...
we should learn from the best! our friend, israel!
hillary clinton claims having "sat in the situation room" makes her most qualified to fight terrorism...
don't forget that . was dragged off the golf course, put in a jacket to watch what he didn't understand!
he's channeling the spirit of cal from the 20s and 30s!
only one person channels that spirit of those decades around these parts, and that's me
you mean burt reynolds and tom selleck?
i had a huge crush on magnum pi back in the day
80's, not hours! lol
thx. i've got to lay off of the vodka. lol.
new skytrain map day! the millennium line gets the evergreen stations, expo line will go to sfu and king george.
... would be nice to be in the cool part of town for a night and just train it to the airport.
help me someone please!
step on the gas and move the steering wheel while moving the key
where does it say september 21? i thought even people with defective devices couldn't replace them because there's no stock.
recall site. even if it did take longer it's still a temp state a review should mention it &amp; isn't valid long
the same dem blame game
bush killed pat tillman...friendly like
oohh thank you!! i bet the lilac ones are gonna look super cute on you too :d
fingers crossed but thank youuuuu xd
1 of my favorite albums from high school. i swear it was the soundtrack to my life at that time. thanks
that album is the epitome of this gif
so greatful and inspired by those amazing days and the (news) friends i met!
aline, great to meet!
i miss nitro though lol
oh man i hated nitro and wcw i was a wwf guy all the way!!!
enjoy but be safe. sounds scary with the events of last few days
oh i was talking about peru
yh that's what i'm doing tomorrow you can put the date back thou. you have three months after you receive
so bloody confusing.. i have until july 31 so i'm looking forward to not thinking about it for a little! good luck tomo
barack obama said progress is on the ballot this november. this economic data shows he's right.
progress? the only person on that ballot who can bring progress and change is donald trump. hes not...
i'm no jays defender, but as i recall, mussina got up on his own w/o being summoned. also had 4.10 era at the time.
pretty rare not to go to the hometown pitcher. the game is an exhibition for the fans.
the contributors: , april ayers lawson, , , robin romm, ,...
thanks so much oscar! i'm proud to be among these great writers!
feeling deeply disturbed that a presidential candidate complained about an american citizen having the right to a lawyer. can't get over it.
this is the worst i ever seen. drumpf is poison 2 us but rwnjs hate hrc more than they love our country!
not my picture but it's this!
i've read "60 stories" and "40 stories." in 100 stories, i've probably read all of those haha
when you say bad. you mean it in a good way
no lol. bad is bad. naughty is a different story
i think i already have you on sc lol
really?!? well if you don't its xoxaribearxox
dance, baby, inside my cover story for with
congrats, hilary! :) all the best! regards.
true or false: angularjs has a compiler as part of it's source code.
as part of it's source? of the library? not sure. but there's ts involved with ng2 at least
paging where is the line between chelsea and flatiron. someone in room 9 has to get on this.
(i know you're not in rm 9, but you might be able to recruit a counterpart.)
curse you, strengthening pacific blob, and your gloomy implications for 2016 sierra snow
fuck that blob.
. earlier today:
no choice! profile!
the photo discussed was a thin clingy knit, didnt even look comfortable then white women were shamed for their bodies of course
where were white women shamed?
we appear to be following similar accounts
atleast you don't have to worry about your country going to shit after this election
when did charts become popular?
this is so meta
my faves are trooper.. 2 minutes.. rime/mariner.. hallowed..aceshi
iron maiden/running free/killers/where eagles dare
why is it 'racism' when whites want to keep their nations? this is taken for granted by all other races &amp; creeds globally.
i'm from australia a nation where the indigenous people are non-white
need a new show to watch on netflix any suggestions
sons of anarchy so good
recall site. even if it did take longer it's still a temp state a review should mention it &amp; isn't valid long
replacements have priority but you'll be able to buy soon depending on location etc
but if you could send it to me i will find out who was flying it and pass it on..
will do, flying back from jfk tomorrow evening so will get it downloaded and pass it on. have a good flight back.
trump wants to make it easier for you to eat literal poison skittles
repeal the clean skittles act!
sales tax has a natural back pressure in that people buy less if it goes up too high and businesses complain.
that sounds like luxury tax, more than sales tax. most people don't have all that much choice about buying less.
i bet its nothing compare to what we use to do with dlo
today it was lol they had to sprint like 8 times. long sprints
maybe, i dunno, avoid booking fascist demagogues then. some jobs require a specialist or two.
funny. i find that most of us can't help but make a stand when face with people determined to spread hate.
i didn't make up this slide. it shows exactly where the planes would have gone, offset 6 miles eastward, labeled "proposed"
u conveniently forget about the higher alt &amp;have no prob suggesting davyj which is lower,+concentrated &amp; louder over lah &amp;pa
the worst like seriously. and also who the hell is amber?
guessing you're a new fan? is this your first season?
so far, this reads like a series of tweets.
i was wrong. it's gotten worse. it's awful.
i wanna @ her on here but poor girl won't even be able to see it bc im blocked
hella pathetic. like lol okay fine go ahead keep getting hurt
let's just be glad he did catch him though it's all good though man
: true, i'm just glad braun is a big guy to be able to throw sin cara on his shoulder after catching him.
this thread
twitter is hard, but grammar stickers are awesome! the extension
they're not....well that really changes everything....
doesn't it? if your child was one skittle, and the rest were poison, would throw them all out?
let's face it, rams and browns screwed up big time not taking wentz
he has played one game. one. game.
is the eeveelution nicknaming trick still working??
yes it still works, just make sure that the server has time to recognize that you changed the name, close then open the app.
victoria sponge will be perfect. good night and god bless, love you loads from us. xx
thinking of you both and smiling! carrot cake too?
is there anything more upsetting than opening the fridge and learning that you're out of cheese?
this is a real life emergency :(
lol, definitely. my 22nd birthday in the city!
it's about to be epic!
did the eagles defense finally learn how to tackle in the offseason?
amazing what happens when you practice actual football
looking at reality here... and one step backwards is better than 3.
you need to look at reality. hillary is a corrupt, incompetent, unhealthy warmonger. that's more than one step back.
people really underestimate student athletes like let me start a thread real quick
in college people always bitch about not having enough time for homework and stuff. that's bullshit.
proud to be part of shark tank tech challenge helping adults w/ disabilities / the elderly
this is awesome.
anything good going on october 8 weekend??
scuba at output on the 7th i might be out of town at the dirtybird campout.
when a guy starts playing hard to get like he thinks you're gunna chase after him, i haven't ran since 8th grade p.e so good luck with that.
haha i remember those days you barely showed up
thank you for having stylequation it was a pleasure!
thank you!!
i keep looking for date night outfits and nothing is cute enough.
boohoo and fashion nova.
i've been having all types of problems, including this one.
it's really rough. i'm having lots of trouble clicking on notifications-- both on lock screen and on top of screen
ah what he did it unexpected
i guess he did but he should've let us know or least should've have posted the link to it
what do you hate most about this tweet?
i'd like to see a crosssection of the sandwich please
i assume you mean diet cream soda
ah yes. my bad!
long term of course you're right. it's just funny right now seeing reviews of a product that literally catches fire.
it's a feature!
the passed on this guy
so did the rams
there is , it's underneath that video
thank you; her questions/reaction has me grinning ear to ear
the conclusion is misleading, because data is easier than code. a megabyte of code is hard, but a terabyte of photos is easy.
it's not clear that if the gap between us and machine intelligence is data, said data can be retrieved from photos and text.
1. don't compare refugees to skittles 2. in your dumb analogy - had the skittles been vetted for 2 yrs, i'd feel ok
. internment camps may be coming back into fashion.
good start to the week translates to a good finish
like the way you think !
an interesting paper about one of my favorite turf diseases
great photos in your blog post!
his movement wants to actually push progress, not to get republicans elected every november
it certainly 'wasnt' to elect corrupt warmongers like hillary
a siva warning has been issued by the man himself...
you know dang on well you say don't do.. we'll do the total opposite.
you are appreciated.
why thank u
sometimes and i have this conversation and i was wondering what people who followed me think:
do you think it's possible that bisexuality reinforces the gender binary?
this is how fascism comes to america, writes robert kagan: not with jackboots and salutes (although there have...
thx 4 being onboard even if too late. arrognce and insulation of the educated has lead us to this horror show.
time is a gift don't be wasteful be grateful
love you follow me
wait but you do know who i am :/
we have mutual followers but i don't follow you, never talked to you before either so why're you coming at me like that? lol
but were they actually sprinting??
at first they weren't so they had to sprint again and again until they made time lol
shut the fuck up i hate you
owned again son
fuhgeddaboutit
this is extremely relevant bc i watched donnie brasco wednesday.
i think the top 3 things that make me the absolute saddest are old people dining alone, hank from the cup final and meal prep photos.
i feel all of these
not all terrifying acts are terrorism, but this one is
isn't it pretty obvious that not all terrifying acts are terrorism?
reporter: sir would you please speak more about yr foreign policy plans trump: yes. have you ever been to a movie...
wait i'm so confused
very chill beat n dope poetry keep doing you
thank you! i appreciate it
a giant crab man that's strong as shit. watch him toss some flippy nerds around during a raw commercial break:...
i doubt anything on raw can be more important than this so i'll just watch now
true! real friends will back you when you're right and let you know when you're wrong.
i agree, can't blindly back someone . if they mess up gotta call em on it
i do have the image. what happens to 6.3.1 when i install 7.3.1? i don't need to keep 6.3.1 but i'm worried about a collision.
since xcode 4.3, xcode has been self contained. nothing to worry about.
next time a brain dead liberal or a muslim tells you that the majority in islam are peaceful, tell em this!
ugh. this bunch!
zolo is unleashed to do amaru's bidding on a new episode of , tomorrow at 9p et on !
oh my, hello there.
yall new yorkers better take advantage of this sunset
i can say the same abt chicago sunset
legwarmers are a fashion normality here in brazil. i feel that the world needs to beware that the 80s are returning.
well it didn't come to canada til the 90s
well i do have a few very few sis s. the quick &amp; the dead, posse &amp; back to the future 3.
right..i know there are some exceptions...james netwon howard wyatt earp is sensational as well if you have heard clips
i need help picking small gifts for myself..... help ya'll!
nail polish! little pots of face masks! fancy candies and teas! colorful athletic wear! hair products! ice cream! hahaha
eddie johnson: where warriors starting five ranks all-time?
how do you have this without the 2nd 3peat bulls or russell's celtics?
barack obama said progress is on the ballot this november. this economic data shows he's right.
nominate for future .. win win.
wait but you do know who i am :/
that tweet was about somebody else lmfao
in college people always bitch about not having enough time for homework and stuff. that's bullshit.
people typically take anywhere between 3-5 classes a semester. that's 10-15 hours a week tops...usually closer to 10 hours
yeah how's that going for ya? maybe you ought to go spray paint 888 on some trees.
stein was there giving moral support and exposure to the lakota. corrupt wamonger hillary said and did nothing. huge difference
right it's 100% real, my uncle works at the desk next to the woman who found it.. was a popeyes in the city
literally had it for the 1st time the other day &amp; thought "this is so good im gonna come everyday" so grateful for this post
you ate much better in seattle then i did is that all from or did you have additional trips up?
this was from this weekend. came up for an engagement party and ate my way though the city!
fairly accurate
5. showtime!
lots fantasize of "good old days" when meeting had no trainees.
yeah -- this is key -- unclear if the society is ready to progress w/o a few funerals.
awesome. who was it?
i can't remember right now, when it comes to me i'll let you know.
america needs to deport the trespassers and make drugs legal so we can grow our own...
no one talks about deporting canadians....they are white
new: homegrown terror shakes up the race ahead of presidential debates
this is nothome grown find a church teaching violence ?
i knew you would, we have the same brain
we are same i love you
1) people aren't candy 2) fuck you 3) we're not "taking a handful", we're giving people a safe home 4) fuck you
the irony of him using one of the metaphors for explaining "not all men" in this context is... grimly fascinating
media rant (mute/ignore me if you don't care). i used to work for this big company as a digital editor for a group of radio stations in tx
one of the things we (as in the other digital editors at other stations around the country) were advised to do was read our sites.
and i with you. i actually argued with layne today about you. we were cool but idk man. you have barret you dont need us.
i never sent him to say anything to you. he is his own person. i cussed layne out today. i thought you were gonna be one of
so many people like marnie, it not considered one hitchcock's successes.
i like how truly perverse and strange it is. one of hitch's most warped films.
so.... 1. eat it? 2. don't eat it!!!!!
the camera adds 10 lbs and an extra chin. yes, i'm a chunky woman throwing giant stones.
she don't even know her man's cheating tho this bitch only got a body and really look like shrek in the face :/
i hate bitches like that thinkin they hot shit
if you want to hear why the excessive amount of draws are affecting the playoff race, listen in. i know ...
in the minority but all about a good 0-0 road point. cc
all of them i don't have my playbook i don't know what i'm playing with
then you need to restart. with same score if you guys want. you can't go for it everytime.
it's not clear that if the gap between us and machine intelligence is data, said data can be retrieved from photos and text.
dna+ribosome is highly parallelized efficient bootstrap code that extracts data about the universe. need interaction to get data.
ooh haha i would think so! sorry if i'm distracting you, will let you enjoy your birthday and we can finish this another time!
thrilled you know who donald barthelme is and you're a chandler fan, though! we're now best friends. that's how it works.
caramel macchiato, java chip, vanilla bra w/ a shot of espresso, and caramel frappe are my fav starbucks drinks
caramel frappe's my fave
only 60 days until election day. this is probably the most important election of our lifetimes. please register to vote.
. here's one way
super productive with me out of the office?
you should see my to-do lists
oh come on. you were going to do that anyway.
lmao!! i really need to after 2 days of football
when practice is cancelled and you actually have no idea what to do for your free time
lol, i felt the same way tonight
and i with you. i actually argued with layne today about you. we were cool but idk man. you have barret you dont need us.
supportive ones. i needed you and you turned on me
she's backkk.
dont like selina hanging out with fish!
how do you think it is.
it is like that cuz it be that way sometimes
ummmm so i had the pleasure of serving frankie muniz at work today!!
malcolm in the middle. or on the left
remote? if yes pls dm me
sorry, this position is based in our oakland, ca offices
always good to be cautious no matter where you go!
yep never know what could happen
cantaloupe is better than honeydew
why do they call them grape tomatoes they don't taste grape
you already know lol first time in time square during new years
oh ya, it'll be lit forsure
woke up to a real creative scenery
it's refreshing isn't it? i did too. crisp
i know how to turn it off (haven't yet) but does anyone know *why* apple implemented "press home to unlock" in ios 10?
to make the lock screen great again? (i do actually see it again as opposed to immediately unlocking phone.)
:'( we can make it different!! alien theme as opposed to star wars specifically
i know i'm trying so hard
omg that is sort of true if you come into this country legally - not so for illegals and not so for refugees - seriously
dtjr's tweet isn't about illegal immigration. its about refugees in general. look at it again. that is my problem with it.
my favorite non-hitchcock films that should have been hitchcock films: "niagara" &amp; "leave her to heaven"
i love leave her to heaven but it would have been interesting to see hitch's take on it.
some of you () have asked me if i am dead. sorry, no. i can't currently wear my because of poison...
ugh feel better.
i have always though of methodists as christianity lite. where exactly did jeeeezus define marriage? chapter and verse?
if only jesus had jotted a few words down himself there'd be no need for guess work. :/
trump: obama 'doesn't have a clue' about stopping terrorism
the orange child-man has nothing to offer but childish bluster &amp; insults to america and its leaders.
wells fargo ceo: 'i accept full responsibility' for unethical sales practices
like a prison term?
out of terrorism some see opportunity, writes
no that's a dumb analogy.
i see it as no different than meghan kelly reading the news in a tiny top - looked almost naked and it was some feminist issue
i have no idea what you're talking about w/ meghan kelly. but if she was doing her job, don't see the problem
i'm naughty by nature. i'm down with opp
yeah, you know me
naive tweet of the day
yay! i'll pick up my trophy tomorrow
no dreyer?!?
no, i like dreyer, but the seven i picked are more complex and sublime in their spirtuality.
a month ago i would've never thought i'd b this miserable. and now it's like i'm living a nightmare
head up bby
one of the things we (as in the other digital editors at other stations around the country) were advised to do was read our sites.
we were told to spend quality time, at least once a week or more, visiting the site/reading content not as an editor. but as a reader/user
i'm confused. are the refugees the skittles, the bowl or the person eating them?
omg glad i'm not the only one confused...also i want skittles now... :/
what season?
six, ep 5 now. dude just offed himself on top of the garbage can
anyone want to grind dubs hmu skype
i'm down got skype too lmk
when your 88 year old co worker tells you she got the shits from wonton soup..
eat that wonton soup smell like wonton soup
so there's a possibility that you might be able to see your opponents ki/stamina in online mode of xv2. is this good or bad for you?
i don't know man. it's a good thing competitive wise. it'll make you play a certain style and be extra careful,it could be good
wish there was a more satisfying way to *act on* the great recs in 's discover weekly. i hit + and follow artist and then...nothing.
i manually add the gems to a playlist. figuring that adds to the ml brains but who knows.
*cue insufferable facebook posts*
these bacteria could go viral
like 10x what my parents pay in hawaii even though my house is worth 1/3 of theirs. they have a sales tax (excise tax).
to be clear, a lot of my lack of sympathy is because virtually nobody i know owns or ever expects to own property ;)
so you don't have any problem with hate per se. you just want it to be directed at the "priviliged" majority.
i have a huge problem w/ hate! but as eric holder says, white christians can't be the victims of hate speech!
i never sound whiter than when i took this pic, shut up you pricks
go ride a horse
plenty of these guys have loooonnngg contracts
seems to me contracts don't mean much anymore under rules.
what do you hate most about this tweet?
the fact that i was so high i could hear heaven and this tweet dragged me down
it's an undertale loser, ew
i didnt even do anything wrong. this nigga got splatoon in they bio
rich you're blowing my mind.. damage..battery..one..sanitaruim??
trapped/ seek/remorse/disposable/shortest
she knows all the 4th grade boys (&amp; girls) are noticing, then she wants more attention on social media. not professional imo
you're describing a paedophile, now
if it flies to europe and offers mint at a decent price, it would be amazing.
we could use some competition from jfk
montel williams destroys pro-trump pastor in insane twitter fight (tweets)
i just read the tweets. this obviously went on for a minute......mr. williams got him.
i thought y'all was vegetarians. fuck y'all doin beefin tho
dude idk lmao i was subtweeting a girl from my school and she thought it was about her i guess?? idk her tho
of course he walked free
that'sobama&amp;hillary'sfailedcorrupt lawlessjustice
it's too bad. magnum and equalizer were back to back on wednesday nights that season.
that would have been quite the shark jump, tho.
well this is gonna be a long ass night
luckily mills doesn't arm tackle but he gives them too much
just came up with the term "eniggma" allow aaron or hannah to explain
love the sound of this already
comparable info is free on the internet in virtually every other sport.
information should be free for members
sweet candy
julie - that candy is gonna rot her teeth out like this
i'm not upset to be asked to donate to this person's recovery. i'm upset that they have to ask. this is what health care should do.
screw health insurance. i want everybody to have health care. all of it.
will you be updating falcon pro to work with the new char limit? quotes seem to be all messed up right now
yep, working on it :)
i now have 2 people waiting to accept job offers contingent on the election in november. there's no way they're moving here if trump wins.
related: my greencard app just got rejected (in audit) and my visa expires next year. yeah!
evidence... needs to be in prison. she destroyed evidence w/ hammers wake up ppl
lol,more lies. her assistant broke 1, tom brady did too, i guess they should have a joint trial.
sure, im in. every talk i've given this year has been solicited via twitter. no reason to stop now.
really exciting to be hosting for a talk next week.
good coverage by brooks. gotta finish.
eeeh it was awfully deep in phl territory.....
i guess apple's nine-step process does not include oleophobic coating.
this is why i always go for ten-step processes. if it's less than ten, i don't buy it.
like 10x what my parents pay in hawaii even though my house is worth 1/3 of theirs. they have a sales tax (excise tax).
but i think the actual answer is probably something more subtle than just "pick one of these two options"
i have to finish this essay i have to finish this essay
yes girl push through
happy birthday joi love and miss you
thanks baby
sears to shut 64 more kmart stores: source
psst dont tell 0bama ,he thinks all is good
i swear in all my years of twitter i've never once talked about burt reynolds
right, you only dream about him.
hillary clinton confronts trust issue with young voters
hillary is a pathological liar. she's human waste, scum, dirtbag a degenerate.
i had a snack box on the chocolate was old &amp; stale!not good!flight attendants were great!flight other than b...
that's sad . has the finest chocolate!
why didn't i just do a half-arsed memoir like all the other millennials
hey i put at least 3/5 of my ass into that memoir
my mother just interrupted me taking a poop so i could check to see if her facebook post was grammatically correct
dude that must run in the family
how do you have this without the 2nd 3peat bulls or russell's celtics?
thats like saying drexler is better thn jordan. the 90's jazz were better as well
jim has been brawling most of this episode. his own fight club, jim vs. everybody!
seriously, miss peabody dies in the s3 premiere. smdh.
i'm moving back home next week! so i would love to see your face soon
ur marked down in the rollie calendar of events
with actual use, mine has never looked like that. not even close.
yeah, what the hell does that person have all over their hands? some glue and baking powder combo?
by that logic, every human should be killed.
at least three of trump's supporters are in the basket of deplorables...
fuck you doing subtweeting, borrow my balls. lol
what the fuck
new: did sid blumenthal really push birtherism?
i think that the overall legacy of will be one of unwitting accomplice
thats like all i do, go to practice and do vertical jump lmao
watch this shit
next time a brain dead liberal or a muslim tells you that the majority in islam are peaceful, tell em this!
hmmmm....... you know you may be right. the sabre rattling christians are as responsible...
i used to be cool, but then they changed what *cool* was. now what i'm with isn't *cool*, and what's *cool* seems w...
i used to rock n roll all night and party every day. now im lucky to find a half hour a week to get funky
.: "there is a crude arithmetic here...the more muslims you have, the more terrorism you have."...
uncmfrtble but a statsticl truth. nuke the religion. karma's a bitch. moses practiced genocide too
ny tonight! last show w/ the wonderful . doors at 7, and i will be on at 8 at . tickets -...
your music is amazing! i really enjoyed it!
wish there was a more satisfying way to *act on* the great recs in 's discover weekly. i hit + and follow artist and then...nothing.
btw what's your hit/miss ratio in your discover weekly? i'd say i get 1-4 gems per week which seems low to me.
we were told to spend quality time, at least once a week or more, visiting the site/reading content not as an editor. but as a reader/user
the exercise was meant to get us out of the mindset of trying to push content/sell ads/etc and really see what it was like for a reg person
michael bloomberg knows trump and trump's character - his lack of character, to be more clear.
drump thought he'd win ny w bombs? we nyers see him 4 what he is. reince u belong in federal lockup, right next 2 hansen.
are you coming to this tomorrow?
hi! unfortunately no...will you be there?
the internet is okay, but it has nothing on the solitary bark of a fox heard through a cottage's bay window.
or small french villages. the internet has nothing on small french villages.
if came out with a tweet that said "fuck donald trump" they'd lose a ton of customers but gain a very loyal, large fan base.
i'd eat for breakfast every day for 10 years.
man this pussy bomb
man this dick tornado ..
"if a skinny ww wore it" - pic of uninvolved ww used for shaming
that wasn't shaming; that's a comparison.
i think that would be a big mistake!
think about it though, she plays the heel better &amp; she could have a feud with bayley again for the title
god bless this founder of 4 being advocate 4 &amp; teaching shooting&amp; safety4 everything
as you know heller is racist as fuck as syg. good luck.
if you are a rams fan watching wentz right now, how are you feeling
not as bad as a cleveland fan
i'm about to loose some followers and i never thought i'd say this but j biebs got some lyrics that hit the spot
it's okay to be a belieber ky...
bulldogs too, 2 away wins are always good
but of course
i'm so hungry that i can't focus in class send help
heres a piece of strawberry cake
sometimes a little sticky. just not too smooth. but i think it's because i have a 6+. waiting on my 7+ to me delivered.
i have a 6. planned to wait for the 8.
amazing rally in florida - this is a movement! join us today at
: thank you for gathering america's deplorables in one place. we are not impressed by them.
being an adult is having 2 or more different kinds of cereals stocked to choose from every morning
is that being an adult or being a rich person
good evening maa'm, nice profile pic
chinmoy thank you old picture good morning
only following mutual follow and only folks that converse. sounds jaded, but i think it's the best way to regulate twitter use.
boy, that's actually a good idea, lol. how long did it take you to unfollow everybody?
but that's the mindset that has to change. you are dateable, you just gotta be able to put your foot down for what you want
sometimes we gotta do internal fixing and work to make the outcome better, can't allow others to dictate who we are
no offense but where tf was i
come hang out with us and then have a sleepover w her friday so shes not alone
seriously. nothing got done but sleeping. there is code to figure out and write. articles to write. dinner to cook. i hate being sick...
just focus on getting better. trust me, health is something you can't afford to lose.
that's what they all say.
it works thou
how the fuck do you miss that :(
bro i was thinking about how awkward a week this would have been in theory for me and me white lol
my mom is sad about giving up her iphone 3 for a 6s lmaoooo
iphone 3????? what does that even look like lmfao
thanks to so many of you for the kind words last week. many have asked what's next. stay tuned.
tell us now
the guys who are so scared of refugees oppose universal background checks even though guns kill exponentially more americans than terror.
guns now kill more people than cars in usa. look at all the rules &amp; regulations &amp; licensing for cars
he's brilliant
he sure is. i will see him at in a few weeks. hugs!
it honestly is?
i like school so yeah :(
exactly right.
this does seem to be a thing. it's repugnant.
yup. and my screen goes off when i unlock sometimes.
i did a full restore-- basically wiped the phone and started over--- it helped get rid of some of the bugs m, but phone still slow
or small french villages. the internet has nothing on small french villages.
the internet pales in comparison to limning things. when i limn i never need the internet, especially when i limn contours.
you right you cant beat the ball, so that means i'm fast
idk who you talking bout. i can beat the ball
oohh thank you!! i bet the lilac ones are gonna look super cute on you too :d
btw are you going to kraken con in oakland? i was thinking of maybe checking it out this year :0
omg this is so cute! what's your pup's name and how long have you had him?
thank you! maxamillion is 3 and i got him when he was 2 months old. he and i share the same birthday (6/28).
lol but you have the memory in your head..and what a cool one!
yes i do! i now need another chance so badly so i can get a picture!
isn't that the career politician option? get to know the lobbyists, etc.?
many good people in public service. she could be one, like liz warren. but she wants glory not due her.
if you believe hotz, his camera is the only good one.
can't argue with 8mp &gt; 1.3mp. i wonder how the accuracy of the data extracted from commaonecam vs eyeq3cam would compare...
a2: used it to get acquainted with the creator of and felt like i got awesome customer service. same with
thanks for the kind words :)
the exercise was meant to get us out of the mindset of trying to push content/sell ads/etc and really see what it was like for a reg person
i learned so much about my sites that way. i proofread dzns of articles every day, but reading them, clicking around for fun taught me a lot
not even gonna click on this lmfao if they actually fought they would never record it and upload it waste of time
is this useful alex
lmfao when you tweet about wrestling i'm always shocked idk y
lmao this is my shit
the only words i understood in that tweet were "honor," "made" and "cocktail"
translating to canadian: i made a peruvian bloody caesar since mike kept putting fish in my feed
look people skittles are terrible - don't try to defend them
starburst are vastly superior
voters on both sides increasingly see a trump win as a possibility - and that may get more people to vote - la times
delete this racist hate speech! pro trump posts trigger bigotry and islamophobia.
like a boss might be top 5 hardest neptune productions
"you the muthafuckin' boss, slim!"
and it's a white woman smh i can't stand that racist commercial as if white = perfection foh
right! shit blew mines
...or buy beats lol.
thank you ii ran out of space
share how you bring abc home for a chance to win a custom upholstered chair from the photo below..
our table is from you bye
the sky's the limit cade
best attempt on goal all season
i don't know about him, but we do.
i have a ouija board. that's it. you have to have friends so play board games. so i have no need for them
i am honored there and just honored to call my friend
i think it's so great that we met randomly on a train.
did u have adrian peterson, danny woodhead, doug martin or jonathan stewart in ur lineup? &amp; i are here 4...
martin and rawls.
lmfao patients that own a helicopter but complain about paying $50
i think i know who this is and that makes me so mad
marriage is for fools.
we go live to jason's office in illinois
blamed for benghazi: filmmaker jailed after attack now lives in poverty, fear | fox news
poor sob.another victim of the obama/ clinton spin dept. maybe he should as the clinton foundation for some aid.
barack obama said progress is on the ballot this november. this economic data shows he's right.
progress? hillary youre not it. obama knows it. trump knows it. the american people know it. im vot...
morning twitter! clinton 72% (34% me-2, 53% oh, 55% fl, 83% pa) / democrats 54% (45% nh, 52% nv, 53% pa) / usa 64%
oh you beauty! send me the link!!
i learned so much about my sites that way. i proofread dzns of articles every day, but reading them, clicking around for fun taught me a lot
i say this bc i hope people try this w their sites. i click on so many articles that look interesting to me that end up x'ing out of. why?
people typically take anywhere between 3-5 classes a semester. that's 10-15 hours a week tops...usually closer to 10 hours
but being an athlete in college...we'd practice 19+ hours a week so we'd spend more time in practice than in class
??? can anyone tell me what this tweet even means?
it must mean she put them on to begin with, right?
major update: chelsea clinton's 'ny apartment' listed as 'senior care facility'
aka "the fountain of youth!"
the world's "saddest" polar bear is named pizza and lives in a shopping mall aquarium
thank god its not in the usa.
make ppl heartless *
all the horn i take and i eh heartless
yeah, it definitely does. also, does the brand skittles have some basis for a c&amp;d notice?
i tweeted that to him - but not sure if he was referring to trayvon. i think trump jr. is just an idiot.
have a brand new 2016 macbook pro - fully charge battery, close lid and open it 12 hours later to find it dead. how do i find what is cause?
console might give you info on what was running
i spoke to both and his message is clear - the point is we don't know - have no way to know and therefore until we know-stop
was the bomber a syrian refugee? were the attackers in ca? the trump family has made syrians the enemy without reason.
they are new jersey's finest
i corrected the error, thank you for pointing out
can't go into any detail and it doesn't pertain to me at all, but and his wife, margot, are really good people with big hearts.
from a podcast i heard with your "little brother" on csn nw am guessing it has to do with his family's cause...
purple would be lit as fuck
thats what i dyed it
at the risk of sounding like your mom: please take care of spine. i had no idea how much my social &amp; professional life was dependent on it.
ouch! sorry to hear it. and i say the same for one's knees.
giants get no respect in the east...lol
big win yesterday , skins this week
we got arrested trying to confirm our press credentials at a event. lb also took a nip charge.
my human works for defense attorneys. if you need representation, dm me. (i got you, boo) *wink*
i don't often eat meat but i'm willing to make an exception
think of it as a kale substitute.
somewhere there is a social media intern trying to get a sick trump burn approved. but "go fuck yourself, maniac" would suffice.
or just retweet that one deadspin tweet from four years ago
hey found a pretty nasty on . take a quick look.
that's why you don't upgrade the first chance you get.
. expresses concern that in the u.s. "we're going to be living in a state of constant siege like israel." more on at 9.
obama &amp; hrc told americans 2 get use 2 living with a constant fear of terrorist attacks in usa. this was their goal!
lmao or maybe it was 'i miss u' ... honestly i've listened to their self titled album so many times the whole thing is pretty much beat
according to genius lyrics said it's i miss you
hmm. sounds interesting. will there be hillastops?
now that's a good idea...
espn, too desperate to get to studio show to prmote usa/can tomorrow, misses postwhistle scrum in center ice between russia and na
love your espn takes. they did this at the end of the na game last night. we got a closeup of matt murray, missed the scrum
if it's going to be sasha vs. bayley at wrestlemania next year, hold off on turning sasha until february.
i wouldn't mind that at all, as long as we get another feud with them, all is good
hahahah it so does! we should make that a scent
we totally could! lol
our group chat dead asf
i know where is everybody man
i lived there in 2015. signs were menacing "they are extorting money from honest people!" from google reviews rating 1.1
amazing how long they last
i say this bc i hope people try this w their sites. i click on so many articles that look interesting to me that end up x'ing out of. why?
because the experience is awful. today i tried to read a very serious (and i think well-written) news story and before the page had loaded
i'm here to chew bubble gum and kick ass and i'm all out of both so i was hoping we could just play magic the gathering.
wait how can you be out of ass?
i think trump will seize this terrorist attack as his opportunity. the debate, 1 wk from today, will be his chance to hit it hard.
this is why we may see more terror attacks before the election. isis wants trump to win. don't think it will work.
small pumpkin...
crying...he's not even that small theyre just..big...natalie is like a twilight wolf size lmao fkgmdfkgh
happy birthday hope you have a great day!
thanks so much!!
wtf is this for real?
yes although she's taken down her facebook.
yeah defend yourself my girl
what i have to defend aa chris
one time i saw tom selleck give bea aurthur a dirty sanchez. it was weird
omg did you just say that
what if people from chicago found out?!
root for giants
my last record release at fox theatre salinas ca over 800 ppl we gone do it again nov 5th las vegas
that cracked cutt! see us on stage...... we been there
that's like going to the airport money
more like coming home from the airport robbery
where did tabular form go? in apex 5.1 they are under "legacy"
and that is where a tabular form belongs. :)
says the idiot who dislikes cops and cries racism at every police shooting.
actually not true. i challenge you to back up any part of that with statements i've made
gemini shit i would've probably gave him 30k like i rounded up. you got interest.
on some petty shit fr
please untag me thank you
thank you untag me too
what's the o/u on number of fantasy teams named "damnit, cutler"?
nationwide, maybe 500. in chicago? about 450.
walking into the office like:
watching raw at the office like
. help i can't unsee the face in ur chin
is that daddy
trump calls it 'sad' that n.y. bombing suspect gets medical care, lawyer
only a psychopathic personality would say this
mets leave james loney at second base after leadoff double. 5, 2, end 5
disgusting display here tonight, unacceptable loss too
because the experience is awful. today i tried to read a very serious (and i think well-written) news story and before the page had loaded
three auto-play ads started up. a huge "like us on facebook" window blocked the page while i was trying to figure out how to stop the vids
i held his hand through a two hour movie and at the end of the date he said he'd want to hangout again. what changed between then and now??
its best not to get all up in your head about it
i was just thinking about how i thought he was going to be the next best thing
we all did...and then the cool was released
rick perry is dancing exactly how one would expect rick perry to dance.
around issues?
i want a cookie from the mall
then go get it lol
thanks sis s.
it's over 60 minutes and was just $7.99 at amazon :)
you could say the same thing about catholic priests and molesting little boys
or a car accident or a shooting accident
instead snowden delivered a cache of documents with nothing to do with american liberties to someone who pivoted it into $250m media company
spectacular! next, please weave a strictly interested in personal gain chomsky into this narrative.
the internet pales in comparison to limning things. when i limn i never need the internet, especially when i limn contours.
compared to ella fitzgerald singing the cole porter song book on 180 gram vinyl on a thorens td124 sme 3009 series ii, the internet sucks.
i've actually been grading students all day xd i'm in the critique zone!
perfect! i actually just got out of a critique so i'm in the "i'm ready to be critiqued" mode, haha!
if all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a &lt;nail /&gt;
this screams of bringing back xml. functions aren't hard, we should be using them.
i keep sliding to unlock and ios 10 ain't havin it
*abuses retweet button
stilln hurry with your move to sd so i can have some back up against these knuckle heads
stillin's boys on the up and up with wentz. why he gonna mess with your chargers?!?
the codiw team getting in their wins ! way to kick off monday night
ts after tourney?
by getting your good friend the loving trombone to do it for you so you can sit in a corner and cry for never learning to mix
i love toblerone's mixing
it's over 60 minutes and was just $7.99 at amazon :)
fascinating.
just a heads up - there's a pretty cool announcement coming tonight via concerning a future release.
i'm going to be devastated if i miss your new candle this thursday. my life is sad, but smells like pumpkin all the time
that's hysterical (and wrong) considering how many parallels there are between music and coding, including the need for creativity
i agree completely! i even thought of you and your photography background as an example of a creative person that codes
donate to &amp; we'll match up to $1mm in contributions.
great campaign to support the fantastic work of unhcr .
hell, we can't fully vet cell phones like the s7 note. let's ban them!
it's cheaper to resettle them in the middle east, why should we take in people we can't vet?
if i'm interested i would say "you."
oop! *waves fan in front of face*
new blog: what is american sovereignty? read it here:
love this! worth reading!
they should both be in cuff's, shackled together
"legends and heroes do not wear shoulder pads, "they wear body armor and carry rifles."....col. jeffrey a. powers usmc
perfect! i actually just got out of a critique so i'm in the "i'm ready to be critiqued" mode, haha!
with that being said, i sent an email
can everyone text me i have no numbers and am lonely
why does this make me laugh?
thank you, thank you very much.
oh yeah, yeah, yeah!!
the police botched all the evidence and the investigation
idkkkk dude the ransom note was 3 pages long written from the moms notepad in her office, ransoms notes are never 3 pages long
bears with keyboards
star is on itunes
tell me where this is for $400?
lmaoo uniquehype -- they just called me today to pick my money up tomorrow
don't get me wrong i'm happy i never really got into makeup because it's super expensive but i wish i was able to do my makeup though
because whenever i try to apply makeup on my face it looks like a five year old drew all over my face lmao
do you think aaron rodgers is overrated?
how can i take a guy like seriously saying that is overrated. he's on fox he's a hack! needs ratings!
cheney is his role model as vp. ugh.
cheney was evil personified. he lied and got away with such criminal activity. valerie plame!!
three auto-play ads started up. a huge "like us on facebook" window blocked the page while i was trying to figure out how to stop the vids
that's bc an editor let the advertising team oversell the real estate on that page. and you wonder why your bounce rates are 5, 10 seconds?
do i have a sign on my forehead that says "attention boys: please lead me on!" or what???
oh wait haha i do
if i had a country with just as many religions and identities and i told you trump will only ban 3 would you still...
is this real?
okay, okay y'all have fun. thanks for the pic jules busy bees
where are you going?? lol.
sex is normal n everywhere. but is in fact....icky. cheyenne. my one true love. this hand will be open til we meet.
i have a crooked spine, i sucked my thumb until i was 8 mom n dad took away my bubby blanket i used to rub my fingers thru
it's a stereotype illustrated w actual womans photo.
ok, see what you want to see.
but being an athlete in college...we'd practice 19+ hours a week so we'd spend more time in practice than in class
then every week day i'd be at the trainer after an afternoon practice so that's over an hour 5 times a week
cus this is now on the app.
thank youuuu
. you are providing access and being democratic let all stars charge an amount for talking to them on this platform
you can't expect folks with 100k+ followers to track a tweet , let people pay for visibility . twitter can make a tonnes
it's good to see your tweet. i thought you might be on strike against twitter. can't say that i blame you
a strike on my part would accomplish little. poor networking results for me on twitter. hard times. and some sadness.
"that's what life is all about - just focusing one day at a time." - demi lovato
i'm so emotional rn..my english teacher in hs told me "one day at a time" everyday im so :((((((
- talks abt fucktits n dick a lot - not awkward at all - edits n photoshops funniest picture - relatable - so random n v funny
@ i am in tears, this is beatiful
glad arrest has been made, but the angry idiot from new york i'm most concerned about is the guy running for president.
me 2. in fact i smell a lee harvey oswald. he fell asleep in someone's doorway? a neon sign "this way to perp!"
if you are just watching carson wentz for the first time, pre-snap, you would never ever believe he has only played 5 quarters.
i did after that series
have you ever checked out the blackmagic cinema pocket camera? less than $1k, film/tv quality. excellent tech! :)
its ok for video but not so good for photos and i like a camera that's good with both. canon is the top choice with the specs
wentz is changing plays all over the place. super impressive.
if they work
how convenient for eric holder to position himself this way. with that he can hate on people at will.
eric holder tried to end racism and white privilege as attorney general!
fascinating.
i can't wait til friday so i can see the magnificent seven and finally hear the score
angelica returns from vacation with seashell chocolates and belgian waffles. she's my hero....
is that real european chocolate?
lmao those are so sexy tho
i have a couple of them theyre really good... bout to just get a new set for the season
comparing syrian refugees to skittles isn't politically incorrect. it's just ignorant and offensive.
you keep your head in the sand matt
i get ryan lever to taste his own piss for $10
i'll get it done for 2 clinchers , 6 cans and a roach !
skins are hot garbage...lol i just find it funny people prop up dallas's qb, eagles qb and skins qb when eli has 2 rings.
eli had about 6 drops yesterday . eli is borderline hall of famer, this is the year tho he needs to step up get to playoffs
how pathetic do you have to be to message someone with some bs, then tweet then, followed by immediately blocked them?
just this morning i retweeted someone about being kind and the next thing i know i'm blocked. hell i just don't get some people!
i love h2gawm bc everyone is secret gay
how is this different from real life
he got hit by the subway train?????
yeah, he was leaning too close to the tracks, and it was pulling out of the station and sideswiped him. he hit the floor.
you can't expect folks with 100k+ followers to track a tweet , let people pay for visibility . twitter can make a tonnes
as an investor, i feel disappointed that you are not able monetize this platform which can make billions.
i'm an immigrant. and a new citizen who will soon vote for the first time. i'm exhausted. this is how it feels.
you are wanted here. trump and his type are not representative of everyone. i hope things get better for you soon.
whats ibiza!? and miss you too!
great people and friends together.
and us officials to hold urgent meetings today to discuss collapse of ceasefire in .
brand new tune star
haven't posted for a while (busy milf) found out hubby has a submissive side &amp; is letting me develop my dominant tendencies x
mmm hmmm now this is gonna be even more so of interest too see of your gorgeous sexiness
when i was working in kyoto, i'd go to the tower records store above loft to play on the demo electronic drums they had :d
dude!!!! i have tons of drums questions from this non-music-educated person(me) when we meet!!!!!!
spot on. full speed ahead. i do get slowed down thinking abt switching 60million homes to electricity, off of natga...
that issue hasn't been raised substantially (that i've seen) by any enviro group in ca, despite aliso canyon. 1/2
missing the point - the refugee program includes numerous countries prone to terroristic ideology - simply stop until we know
until we know what? how to stop people in our own country like timothy mcveigh from bombing children?
can't you both watch on ?
i don't know what that is.
my last record release at fox theatre salinas ca over 800 ppl we gone do it again nov 5th las vegas
why u put my big bald head on the screen
. claims she's only candidate who has sat in the situation room, has plan to combat terror don't want this to get bigger
you're a negative piece of crap
lmfao $600 have fun wasting your money you tard
you wanted a $800 stainless steel watch... untag
a must in oakland!
one final, magnificent stop before heading back east
make america xenophobic again.
im a proud xenophobe and deplorable
these's nothing like a sprained ankle
that looks painful af
most clinton supporters live in urban areas that are frequent targets of terrorism. most trump supporters live in...
trump supporters also think gay people have any interest in them.
i've been offered cooper, lacy and henry for my dez, floyd, riddick and gio (or hill-i get to pick which one). ppr. thoughts?
nope. i think that guy is trying to buy low, but by season's end, i think dez &gt; cooper, floyd/riddick/gio &gt; lacy/henry
local writer asks "why are mexican men so obsessed with breasts and asses?":
news flash: it's not just mexican men.
5. showtime!
10. out of town guests want to go to brunch
trying to cut down my backpack's weight, i discovered i've been carrying around this rubber band ball for no reason!
rubber band development, rubber duck development, it's all the same
i hope you don't miss it, either, for the sake of your life! but this announcement is concerning something else... ;)
don't worry, i'll just sit around at work thursday waiting for it to go on sale.
all my focus is on twitter when it should be on
lol i have the same problem...
sid blumenthal urged mcclatchy to investigate ties between obama's extended family and "controversial muslim groups"
well, he went to brandeis.
where is it? the music was so good the other weekend at the bbq
out west in cali? hell yeah the bbq was great.
that issue hasn't been raised substantially (that i've seen) by any enviro group in ca, despite aliso canyon. 1/2
it has a long lead time, so we had better not put it off much more. 2/2
now take your 15,000 and buy more instagram dresses
she couldn't count at first why she trying to be so mad &amp; shut
i can't wait to be in the bay where it isn't hot as fuck outside
girl. it's still hot af over here too lol
is that a third party transit app
yeah, it's pretty good
god. eff these guys. people who would vote for them are the worst possible version of people.
they are just anxious are the economy, oliver! the white working class males just want the jobs to come back. can't you see this!!!
its actually alicia: 3 miley: 2 counting the ones from the sneak peak
no, choose the blue or the red pill
what's that ?
why is that?
i really hope you are but your account has never actually shown any evidence of it being true.
shoulda snapped it to her
i really should have that would have been amazing omg
i'm so nervous about this.
same. can't be worse than the first movie though. we've got the technology now lol
omg lemonade mouth is on!!!!
i saw it in the guide &amp; thought it was bey lol what is it
cry more, palestinian child beater.
delete this! jeffrey goldberg served his people in the idf against the palestinian intifada which used high tech weapons!
here is the result of that policy in good job
what happened??
welcome to n 265 with our special guest
did you see my location?
you can't expect folks with 100k+ followers to track a tweet , let people pay for visibility . twitter can make a tonnes
you can charge an alphabet, for an access even make the verified sign to be paid for. let people pay for being legit.
these logos so timely, hols getting a mention in my vmworld recap preso on thursday!
glad it worked out for u !
crazy hard, but totally worth it. even when they have respiratory infections while i'm facing 3 deadlines.
there's a single guy in my nyc community, too, who adopted. three kids. just incredible.
barack obama said progress is on the ballot this november. this economic data shows he's right.
obama said it in 2008. hillarys been a disaster for the middle east and our country. she shifts bel...
word of advice: people like it when you don't care as much. because it means they can do it for u and that makes them feel validated.
you're so romantic. my basement is flooded for your cock. roofie me and make sweet love to my unconscious body
today, shooting voiceovers for hunting adventures season 14!
better than shooting hunt overs like some shoes
who's ready for ?
i will be there after docker presentation finishes
i just signed a petition to to stop the uk selling arms to saudi arabia.
it's about time!
you're in this persons bio lmao
he sent this as a joke but this chick is in my mentions taking it seriously saying me nd my friends r harassing him lmao
i think it's just estimating how long, since nintendo has made it clear it will be released by march. no specific day, though.
knowing their tactics though, chances are they'll wait till january to reveal a thing
totally fine! just some heartburn but nothing else.
working 50 cent wing night currently so
i will never make that mistake again. sitting right in front of him
that sounds like the story behind rob's song trust you. lol
anyone else ever get halfway through cooking something and realize wow this meal is def not worth the effort i've put into it?
you just typed out my definition of cooking.
across from my table was this old doctor and he was giving us tips for school and residency. i thought it was nice until he flirted lol smh
tips ain't free boo
.: "these attacks were made possible because of our extremely open immigration system."
the draft dodger-in-chief
dude i have polaroids of it.
so...you, tom selleck &amp; bea arthur all had a threesome? did he not pay you enough attention?
i dont blame you i have had the same set for 4 years and my driver finally broke so i have to replace that this wed
i suggest this one if you have the $... feels nice af
"don't play that race card with donald trump; guest: pastor darrell scott"
racism is not a card,,,,white people would have us believe that it is......rosa parks and martin luther king were real
i hope it's a family friendly panel.
obvs. we all about family f@&amp;?!ng values.
curious.. do you still work as a architect?
yes i do! taking my are exams next year too
ouch! that hurt my tush!
right in the crack!!
you just took a tranquilizer dart to the jugular
*french kisses him in his tranquilized sleep*
girl. it's still hot af over here too lol
lol stockton is 97. it's only 67 in daly rn so i'll take that anyday
death at the hands of terrorist seems to be acceptable loss for liberals agenda!
nuclear weapons is at the top of the list within trump camp!
so youre a cop who ran a drug ring? taxpayer paid rapists, thieves &amp; killers
how about an american citizen who paid his debt to society or does that not matter to you? it should i am your best advocate.
how you doing big b,has every thing settled now after ra spanking the wean had to get last saturday,know yer place, been before
sound mate bit chaotic here the noo but the celts go marching on!
i would pack up now if it was up to me, i will adopt the chargers as my 2nd team lol
too many of y'all with multiple teams smh
i just want a girl to text me saying she's at chickfila and was wondering if i wanted anything.....ready go
im at chickfila, want anything?
who's hiring and starting at 100k?
come to the bay
how do you do it? we just use the browser on our lg tv and log someone in.
oh i'll check if the tv has a browser.
hey, sometimes dick isn't worth the headaches. someone better will come along who appreciates all of you (1/2)
(2/2) the only unfortunate thing is it doesn't happen on our timetable
then every week day i'd be at the trainer after an afternoon practice so that's over an hour 5 times a week
factor in all the other stuff like changing and helping set up and the extra walking time and times we were kept longer to finish a set.....
ww have curves too. ok imagine it reversed!
no one said white women don't have curves.
except the chances of a vending machine selling skittles killing you (1 in 112 million) are greater than terrorism...
but what about snickers?
oh man... just doesn't dissapoint. got me feeling all sorts of emotions!!!
loved that last episode! on fire!
lol nothing babes, stick to f&amp;n
i doing philosophy &amp; english
yes beat the packerswe play them next..vikings
we have chiefs on the road
you're very kind, thank you!!!
i am so impressed that you have never had a lesson! i love that!
send me beats cooking up something tonight
hey hyd ii got beats
how about mlb nfl nhl nba nascar etc. it's holding the sport back
tuff to compare budget with etc.
how do ryan and i solve our anger issues ? we burn our tires off on every goddamn corner we take
yeah cause you guys are the smartest two fucking people i know
i can't tell ya cause you know i'd have to.......lmao
just don't voice text. you over react when you do that
yeah you were
i caught myself if only you knew
watch it, reginald.
that movie just didn't hold up for me and it wasn't the casts fault. the cartoon carries the legacy
everyone but shafrir send me your number
shaf 101: do not use those digits unless it is a life threatening emergency. and even then. potentially don't use.
i would like big brother if it means an end to time cards.
thanks for reminding me that i forgot to do my time sheet today.
happy birthday! mine is also today!
no way! happy birthday right back to you!
"don't play that race card with donald trump; guest: pastor darrell scott"
trump is a worthless racist pig...he calls latinos killers and rapist,,,screw trump
today, shooting voiceovers for hunting adventures season 14!
better than shooting hunt overs like some shows
i know i'm trying so hard
don't sweat it- either one will turn out great.
guys used to throw 250-300 innings but there "better" athletes today
ikr, more like giant babies who get hurt easily too
the land is thriving? lol. are you farmer?
matter of fact, i am... should i change my vocation? do we have the rights of other non farmers???
just witnessed an awesome episode of .
cool beans. you gonna check out the new tv show tonight also starring ted danson?
no worries! not to be a jerk but my jersey guys gotta get their due
not a jerk at all, thank you, they needed to be thanked.
death at the hands of terrorist seems to be acceptable loss for liberals agenda!
putins is a admirer of nuclear weapons trumps mentor!
i like this question. i'll be able to tell you in about a year.. :-)
competition is on!!
okay i will:) still waiting on my ticket
ah can't wait lovebug!! i have such a romantic evening planned for christmas eve w/ u
tonight's sunset filter
i don't know. you both claim to have no filter on your sunset photos. but they look pretty different.
"100 files were added to your dropbox." aw shit. what's broke now?
keynote presentation. it's a folder, as far as dropbox is concerned.
nah, even pettiness can't break our bond. lol. cuz damn, we was real bold this weekend
extra bold esp kayla. she thought she was somehow about that life this weekend.
how about mlb nfl nhl nba nascar etc. it's holding the sport back
but i get your point.
. on his plan to profile for potential terrorists: "israel does it &amp; israel does it very successful...
actually this is factually true. umurica's bureaucrats r fuktards. it's why asshole trump's winning
if jeremy langford doesn't get his ass in this game, i will lose in fantasy.
seriously! wtf is going on?
try this on for size
it's the first thing i am going to do when i free up
it wasn't me. i promise. i'd put brady in a browns uni. i don't mess with pfm
i didn't think you would lol.
that's what's up! i cut meat out of all sides this time. just letting veggies shine on their own.
i will be waiting for this year's ebook!
that movie just didn't hold up for me and it wasn't the casts fault. the cartoon carries the legacy
but back then i loved it. watching now and i can't lol
all of you, reading this tweet, could play cornerback for the philadelphia eagles.
that was a pussy effort at a tackle
actually doing a speech for a sport sociology class about women's wrestling in wwe and i've never been more excited.
sounds awesome. good luck!
my niece is picture perfect
lol she's so cute
that would be ideal!
it would make up for having to deal with such rotten people this year
ca, friday september 30th at the me and my brother will be in the building!!...
yas! will you be at any after parties in the bay my queen?
how many people who say they're voting libertarian or green would actually want to be the deciding vote that put johnson or stein in the wh?
it seems like the fact neither has a shot is part of their appeal.
here's my dilemma - joe pisses me off, but i enjoy listening to the various commentators on the show. how do i get...
exactly! for example i like harold (although he lies) and i enjoy the flip-flopping stories of i get it susi!
me too dawn
thanks ladies. almost walking dead time!
trump says that he won't say his temperament is his strongest trait. o'reilly points out that he just did:
"even in sports i win". didnt he bankrupt a football league?
this guy turns 50 today! happy birthday
hi just started watching what a great show i try to watch every nite
q1 why are the hottest aspects of twitter still 101 basics?
a2. besides the heat. the best tools today are made by twitter. are you using native apps?
for a moment i wondered what netbsd was doing in the app store. my eyes are not great.
maybe someday the hypervisor apis will allow for that
(fill in the gap !!) and the host is _________ . it's quite simple
attention star is out on itunes
wait u wasted $800 on a watch that wasn't even gold ? lmao
hes doesnt think things through sometimes
*fingers crossed* the guest?
oh that would be killer
trump shreds the constitution by threatening to impose ideology test in the us
trump to immigrant: do u love the u s of a? imgrnt: yes trump: do you love me? imgrnt: er, uh ...
i guess i was swedish fishing
all the candy in the milky way and you had to go there?
i was just the camera man. smh bea was an animal. i couldn't hang
i could actually see that tbh
hrt and surgery, i would hope?
surgery is covered
all of you, reading this tweet, could play cornerback for the philadelphia eagles.
mills is so ass i honestly think we'd be better with 10 out there
journalists reveal something new on an important issue. reporters tell you what already happened.
ok. thanks. there seems to be a third group that tells me their views of what happened.
hey guys, i'm going to fail my spanish quiz tomorrow
maybe put your phone down and study????
can't be fake tho so lemme just @
can't talk. doing hw
ok so you aren't talking about refugees anymore - until we have the ability to vet - we don't today
but we do vet! that is my point! refugees are right now vetted over 18 months. you are falling for rhetoric against refugees
my newborn niece 2 days old. such a humbling experience she's so small it makes me nervous.
congrats brotha
ew throwback to when i thought some guy on here was cool and i tried to talk to him about music and he was like "lol anyways... nudes?"
oooh send pics babe
i haven't listened to anything other than the divine feminine since it dropped
i just heard it yesterday but same!!!!
when people ask if my last name is really super..
so is it?
factor in all the other stuff like changing and helping set up and the extra walking time and times we were kept longer to finish a set.....
then we're at about 30 hours a week dedicated just to sports.
trump says "win" or "winning" nine times in less than 15 seconds to :
that is all trump cares about. he doesn't want the job. and people are falling for his lies.
can you tell us more about it
live event at our pdx offices!
new president and program chair are cause for hope on this front ...
are they killers?
. you are sitting on a golden goose and you are not letting it being the money earner. there are thousand ways...
make the visibility to connect payable or have twitter prime to be discoverable .
welp, takk deleted his tweets about mique.
what happened? totally missed it at work.
related: my greencard app just got rejected (in audit) and my visa expires next year. yeah!
oh come on! ugh
it's been on cnn since early afternoon!!!
ok that's one-fox mentioned it also-still it is not getting much attention-media is censoring things-which is wrong
so carson wentz knows how to read nfl defenses.
can also heal the sick and make crops grow with no rain
how many of yall momma been good she cook tht collard green fat back meat corn bread &amp; 2 biscuitbiscuit w a corn on the cob
yes!!! i knew u married u for a reason
life jacket 'graveyard' in london highlights refugee crisis
deport them back to syria.
i bet you really do
i absolutely definitely do
parking permit has been confiscated, he's not getting another, and speeding ticket paid
thank you for standing up to corruption, however minor it may be perceived.
just zoom into the highlight.
i love you you're so beautiful
there's a reason trump can't shake his birther past by
he owes obama our president a sincere apology. 5 years of accusations then he just says, " never mind".
yes, cool location appears to be a bit windy.
nothing like 40mph off 95 degree wind.
thank you
thank you for being such a patriot and an american and my close dearest friend
i always hate when it sounds like a cool song is starting, then it gets all lame.
every time with that song. i get my hopes up then nope
too close of a call
you fell off the face if earth ehat happene d
(grand-daughter here) not sure what that means??? i type what she says while we watch.
it would be pretty easy for someone wanting attention to do this? a picture of her actually watching would kill that doubts.
on : k-ci and jojo - now and forever -tunein fast tocatch this hotsingle:
attention star is out on itunes
compared to ella fitzgerald singing the cole porter song book on 180 gram vinyl on a thorens td124 sme 3009 series ii, the internet sucks.
between one cup of tea enjoyed with old friends at cha-an, before jumping into a car back to westport, and the internet? no contest.
i keep hearing that it will be announced this month or next month.
they officially debunked this month, saying the direct was only for 3ds and seeing as they've got nothing for the holidays...
crickets to q: who in the audience is voting for trump. contrast to tnite's / taping in li
"if trump comes out and is subdued and normal..." 's premise prompting laughs podcast
omg y'all forgot to tell u at my jensen and misha op misha fell into the backdrop.
hahahaha oh my!!!!
. using skittles candy for a racial profiling analogy = cool idea because it evokes no negative associations at all
please, please, please let's see a tweet from disavowing use of their name here.
can we just take a moment
": can we just take a moment
today i got 6 songs into the newest one and 5 were saves.
wow that's good. i'm lucky if i get 2-3 out of 30. to the point where it feels like work to get thru it each week...which sucks.
another victim of the police 40 years old. car stalled on side of road. no call even made to police. no gun. dead.
idk about you but if cops have their guns on me i'm not walking back to my vehicle to grab something?
it's been on cnn since early afternoon!!!
but thank you for letting me know!
can't be a baby mother yet. lmfao. i refuse to be next
that's not what ya baby daddy said its coo, we'll see in 9 months tho. cthu.
stop making me want to support donald trump.
sent a bunch of tweets your way to make twitter payable . let's work on it . where else can i connect with you will pay!
up there with george wallace's segregation forever speech.
yep. people will look back and shake their heads.
killing innocent black men in this country is boiling down to opportunity costs for cops. easier to kill then do paperwork.
that's so fucking harsh to think about, all those years of life, all those memories, all to shave a few hours of ur wrk day
get over it!! it is not. move on to other things in life. understand we lived w/ bullshyt for 8 yrs... trump is goi...
nuclear weapons trigger happy trump, mentor putin!
rap needs to go back to the 90's style beats
ii got those beats
so i eh get why i had to be test subject iymc
you peep first
ugh, thanks boo! i might get some stuff from lush
yes!! that's exactly what i was thinking with face masks! love love lush
all about dude catching ball up against his head!
he made the catch, tyree
tourists just want to enjoy our city &amp; not get involved. we call pd but response time is long and all pd does is warn
warn bt when the same individuals keep on doing it why aren't they arrested? or mayb that wld b worse - make them out 2 b victims?
who can love you better??? nobody!!!
nope no one can at all. don't want no one to either!! want only u forever
there's a lot that's said (and sung) on the ice. mic'd up.
this is fantastic... jacks taking charge n man that's a boston boy lol
maybe don't use your face mask to be racist
i have no words, all i can do is shake my head in amazement.
yes he finished it.
no he owes obama a sincere apology. if the shoe were on the other trump would sue him.
has anyone else said "gmail" with a hard g just to be silly and then realized it sounds like the hebrew letter gimmel? anyone?
i actually really dislike the joke format of "share highly specific thought, ask if anyone's had it"
amazing how loudly the mainstream media ignore things like this. i&lt;3truth
i haven't seen any coverage about it yet.
bad handwriting? keep this in mind: more intelligent people tend to think faster, and as a result their handwriting is more sloppy.
be proud you smart fuck
"dee is it true you were considering getting into fashion" do u see these shoes nigga
do you see my coat?!
on : k-ci and jojo - now and forever -tunein fast tocatch this hotsingle:
brand new tune
i owe you an apology, i went back and looked again and i did have the wrong end contact. seems i need . my bad!
you can contact me anytime
how did this theatrical release of star wars evade detection by youtube's content id for five months?
the thumbnail that tweetbot is showing me for that video may be a clue of some kind. no idea how they did it, though.
after the new york bomb, muslim americans are braced for a backlash | faiza patel
why?usmedia did not invite 9stabbed victims from minnesota !
food fighters
was waiting for this one
so good ! i had so much fun and it was such a informative panel! wish you came !! miss you and hope all is well!!
was hoping too, but just got back from a trip to dc!
mrs. bill clinton's response after ny terror attack is the same as always, "we need to go slow on this". no sense of urgency just like obama
and like slick willy
they good??
they not haha
i actually really dislike the joke format of "share highly specific thought, ask if anyone's had it"
it just seems like a dumb, unfunny way to congratulate yourself for having a thought
bro your trying to buy toys basically your spending so much on a sport your not even good at dude im trying to save you $$
i dont even know how to answer this without being arrogant but im sick at golf
why would you exclude from your junk statistic the thousands of americans murdered on 9/11?
the same people will rail against gmo's as "too dangerous"
i said the same thing to my mother earlier
what did she say?
i forgot ringtones exist so i fucked around and now the stranger things intro is my ringtone
ive had mine as the skins theme for forever
craving cheese fries
didn't you say the same thing in sociology class
sometimes the choices we make in life lead us to deep and dark places we have to claw our way...
amen to that.
hey , please announce travel packages on tonight for , that would be grand...
take me with you lol
i look hurt af, but 4 months ago to today. same wall, same clothes,same taylor
keep up the amazing work sweetheart! just remember to always love what's on the inside first!
another unarmed black man was killed by police. . they're protesting in favor of policing reforms.
this guy is an altright troll. there is no reasoning with hate.
what should my username be
write in vote for nautghtynick81
it just seems like a dumb, unfunny way to congratulate yourself for having a thought
i wish i hadn't done it
icymi, here's the replay of mcdavid vs. datsyuk on that goal
go back to right before he got hurt....watch the goal he fed benoit over pk
dudes laugh at all my horrible holocaust, black, retard jokes... but get bent out of shape when i make fun of ohio.
that was a savage burn, i even felt bad
gomen but i can't ;_; and you should play it! stupid setting aside, the games are really good. and juzo is worth it!
i don';t have a vita ;_; and my computer definitely cant run the steam version
can you grab me one of each?
nope not now. i wish its all original art.
hmu for pickup lines
thanks for appreciating me
when you try to trick and she's actually smart for once. lol
she had a moment at dinner on friday, medina improving
stop making me want to support donald trump.
if i haven't reached you then make me pay, will pay . this is similar to uber surge pricing.
then we're at about 30 hours a week dedicated just to sports.
so being a student athlete i had 30 hours less time per week to get my schoolwork done and i still managed to do it all and earn good grades
on : k-ci and jojo - now and forever -tunein fast tocatch this hotsingle:
brand new tune
doesn't it really depend on how big the bowl is?
can't you say the same thing about a bowl of trump family members?
would you close ricky's for $1.2 billion? wouldn't want to but i'd wager you would.
are we already worth $500m?? woot! hey, we know one thing, the $ here &gt; $ there. we believe in this market. it's our 70th yr
this is just the best.
so spot on!
series opener vs. dbacks at 7:10pm tonight with at ss and little ninja at second! here's the full lineup:
good luck alum
come to our favorite expo: , brand &amp; , 2016
will be there?
revelations ee: via
you always be streaming haha keep it up bro
obviously slovakian models are ok.
yeah, because i said that i'm for no immigration right? lefties love straw man arguments
vox sentences: be like a new yorker - don't freak out about terrorism
nothing i like more than being lectured on terrorism by twerps who were in diapers while my neighborhood was being blown up.twice
russian space agency begins manned moon landing simulations *also working on upgraded spacesuit...
we still don't know how to get trough the van allen radiation belt. humans still never on moon.
they officially debunked this month, saying the direct was only for 3ds and seeing as they've got nothing for the holidays...
i mean something later this month. everything for the holidays seems to be for 3ds.
don't forget the
madly into the cbs documentary approach!!! love the war room!
i need 1.5 points from jeremy langford to win in fantasy and the guys not in the damn game
there you fucking go
hillary clinton: trump is a traitor and these terrorist attacks are all trump's fault
i keep trying to locate 's crap decisions he made as secretary of state. wait, that was you!
did sid blumenthal really push the birther story? is on the case. great read:
isn't the bigger story here that even if he did, that hillary didn't push it?
i haven't even checked it out yet i'm afraid to
don't waste your time bro
every day, 43 children are diagnosed with cancer. we need more research, more awareness. ...
the children that get sick is that a national percentage
everyone got their stuff but meeee
lol aw it should be there soon
i gotchu girl i've never eaten there but now i never will! and there twitter is completely responses to complaints..
same happened to me w &amp; i was in the hospital for 3 days from food poisoning, and they told me i couldn't "prove it"
i receive great almond joy from it
might you call them mounds of almond joy?
amazing rally in florida - this is a movement! join us today at
join trumps chumps being played by a con who won't shows taxes that's quite the movement you got
oct so busygoing back out 4 hillary,going 2canada 2speak about our animal-rescue charity. then announcement,la &amp; round-table discussion ny
where for hillary cher ? announcement omg i can't cope so excited
the best part of this vacation is my kids always call me dad. the look on people's faces is fuckin priceless
now that is a beautiful beautiful beautiful picture
so when we all eventually meet, we should prolly bring a priest along. right?
i think we need a bishop....
it's in my office!!
thanks, . our will be most pleased. will collect tomorrow!
white and hispanic kids in ridgewood who use the n word: why? quit it.
we always chuckle at how that word comes out of the woodwork once the m clears knickerbocker. quasisuburban teenage bullshit
it's a geotag not the face filter
no ... they have offered the pirate face filter in the past ..today would have been a good day to bring it back
has bayley won any match other then her match vs dana since being called up?
she pinned charlotte and won a six man with new day
should the uk ban muslim religious holidays like eid from being celebrated in our country?
yes..&amp;most important exterminateradicalislamist invadersewerrats in
wow i'm actually doing work before its due woaaaaaah.
if only i did that junior year loool.
i wasn't looking at it until i saw your name pop up sooo
we aren't buying that lie.....
"i'll make up for all the years i was supposed to be kissing you." ~ leo christopher
fabulous dear friend. have a great new week
stop making me want to support donald trump.
have twitter surge pricing for access at 1 cent or 10 cents . everybody who is twitter makes money for twitter .
it's like that sometimes lol gotta love our fellow content creators ha
true, carry on!
for me it was lasers
whoa you're right. that shit sucked. they should've erased the spray painted a from the album cover and left it as "losers"
careful what you wish for
i didn't wish to see them lol...just stated i have not
no i think you are now :]
next time i'm over we'll install your compulsory in-dash vape
why'd ya leave? was having fun
lol about fg that's funny
so is your thinking that because relief for you is longer term then no one else should get relief?
not at all! a plan should not be at the expense of someone else, however
great honor to share this moment with and the team today. can't wait for everyone to p...
so awesome. great to see satya there. day one gears
full house cast still looks hot!
all you have to do is watch ... none of this should surprise anyone
see something say something = success. lady who found 2nd chelsea explosion device.."it looked weird" n called 911 n referenced that slogan.
your mayor needs to take the handcuffs off the police and bring back stop and frisk!!
can we all date or
honestly you guys have both great personalities and both look great in those new mcdonald shirts so i say yes
"we are all wondering the earth, alone, longing to be longed for." ~ w.c.hannan
absolutely beautiful. hugs &amp; love
thanks for coming to class!
(i asked the buffy question in class)
-- you were not kidding about tickets. saw yesterday that theater 6 had sold out.
yep, when it use to be only 1 theater it would sell out in 30 minutes. then people were mad it would sell out.
rules lmao. he will destroy the world
we already have a set of rules, it's called the constitution, something moron trump knows nothing about.
its 96 god damn degrees boy what the fuck
i'm just realizing this, but idk how tf ross was wearing jeans today!!
i'm still trying to sell them to hustler and play girl.
i don't think that's your market
because you know everybody business eh
i got it from the primary source :)
bw often do, pejoratively
just as ww call bw's dress "inappropriate" when they can't help what their bodies look like.
new president and program chair are cause for hope on this front ...
kidding aside; you're right. that's a damn fine quartet there.
like, don't get me wrong, the bears organization is a mess and sucks. i don't think cutler is the answer tho
still early right
don't let them get away claiming they are guardians of the country--the world trade center was hit while republicans were on guard!!
and the pentagon too, and more if not for the brave souls who took down one plane in pennsylvania.
haha you won!!! congrats
shocked but yeh thanks
video by physician! revealed! almost 2 million views! neverhillary ... ...
wow- i had to do a double take. i thought this was a still from
how do charlotte and dana have such bad chemistry when doing the actual tag ins
ric sucked as a tag team partner too, must run in the family
bro you got cut from your schools team being arrogant isnt gonna save you my dude
alex you wouldnt understand sports but there were 25 kids and4 made the team... i made first 2 cuts but those kids were better
that's not something you should put out there uh
i meant a real train wdmc
i know a couple of those, too!!
tiff can hook us up!!
just recorded the first episode of the jeff howe show (i thought of the name, no big deal). the new network will post it in the morning.
i like it, has a ring to it
though the most recent itunes update should be the same as the sierra build.
i avoid opening it like the plague
i saw! jesse jackson!!! so proud of you
proud of you and the panel!!
would that gary johnson "supporters" knew what he supports. no public schools. no public roads. no ss/medicare. privatize it all.
no. they don't know any of it. just "he seems nice".
chipotle has chorizo
can't wait to disappoint my abuela
are you gonna be there this week? i arrive tomorrow
i depart tomorrow, i'm afraid.
its best case scenario. then i hope james punches paul in the beard. i cant take paul/nicole anymore. gtfo
hey im half indian id scalp that beard and rain dance
i'm frustrated today. if i can't find a boyfriend because i refuse to wear heels on dates, sign me up for spinsterhood.
ugh. this is a thing? this is why heterosexuality is unfortunate. i solemnly swear i will never expect a date to wear heels
don't you find it interesting that rap perpetuates similar messages as racist ass white people? tupac way too soon
oh you mean the harsh environment that white people systematically placed us in over centuries? i can see why
so being a student athlete i had 30 hours less time per week to get my schoolwork done and i still managed to do it all and earn good grades
so seeing other people talking about having no time to get things done during the week really irks me like dead ass suck it up you're fine
yep, when it use to be only 1 theater it would sell out in 30 minutes. then people were mad it would sell out.
it's usually the same crowd every time. but always some new people come
niggas like you are the reason ugly chicks are gassed and beautiful chicks are .. gassed but with jet fuel &amp; nos &amp; boosted.
but you fuckin love me
i'm very sorry music and aloe helps. i burned my hand making turkey burger tonight. aloe helps sorry for your pain...
sorry about your hand. turkey burger tastes good. i had one in the last week.
omg y'all forgot to tell u at my jensen and misha op misha fell into the backdrop.
i'm picturing how this would have gone down!!!!
i know how to turn it off (haven't yet) but does anyone know *why* apple implemented "press home to unlock" in ios 10?
apple's official response from earlier today... "\_()_/"
this is awesome. the ramp up of $nvda's automotive business may be far steeper than wall street now thinks... what a stock!
exactly! that is the only way retail investors can make big money - getting ahead of the big guys! hush...$nvda
black on black snaps coming
that's dope!
you are one of the most strikingly beautiful women i've ever seen in my entire life!!!
awww your so sweet! thank you so much!
are you in ra parlour ra nite,if so put on grace, that should mellow it a bit hh
naw chillin at home mate but can put grace on the stereo for sure!
gonna die when ye performs fade in front of me
not that great
i'd love to, but i'm not at javaone &amp; it'd take me 60-90 minutes to get up there :(
but you are standing in front of the golden gate bridge? maybe next year.
i need to get my motivation back before a bitch weigh over 200 pounds
i jus seen under 200lbs for the 1st time in like 18months . im.hype
hm a stranger
does gabs allow you to talk to strangers?
i always find myself scrolling on netflix for dayyyyssss
the last kingdom if you into watching that type of shit
what exactly is it that he did wrong?
bro the people arguing and defending that murder in the thread...it's sick
speaking of changing the rules...
" who has done nothing but denounce this".
unlike the typical asians you see today, a majority of asian history started with people of color. they are called "negritos" or "negrillos"
i fee like people don't believe me when i tell them many native filipinos look black/ have african features
damn!! this young skinny boy wit dat fat mighty club!!
hi me dear contact to me now.robert from new york,i like so you dick!
is it e.t. ?
no! terminator.
here we go week 2!! @ dancing with the stars @ cbs studios
try not to have any interruptions this time!
! that's why we need a
time to open a new chapter of ethical governance in ny!
awesome finally! on fire........bring on season family moves east! ny/boston! bring it on!
spell check.....finale *not finally
i tried to see if and would lend me one till my got here next month
this wait is killing me.it said its preparing for shipping on saturday but it still hasn't shipped yet
i've had some close calls re: being near the two bombs things this weekend and i'm kinda shook?
sorry :-/ if it's any consolation, remember that they did catch the guy? so all's well for now.
just get it off charlotte!!!
agreed, i'm looking forward to her losing it lol
i mean something later this month. everything for the holidays seems to be for 3ds.
true, though mostly first party shovelware, i really hope we do get nx news this year and not right as it's about to come out
icebergs can flip over :(
an interesting point.
the feds took the manhattan bomber alive because they were the ones who hired him..
i've been thinking this
might of got it with that catch!!
would've caught that td if no p.i
totally incompatible.. only idiots cant see the writing on the wall. no leftist traitor will ever hide behind me
where the hell was this?
they say that dreams are the window to our souls~
wonderful dear friend. hope your week is beautiful.
i look at if said person can say touchy things publicly he can be criticized publicly.
of course . fair point . both are friends of mine i reached out to iron to speak on subject. i get it
this is my beautiful cousin &amp; bestfriend, she is single and ready to mingle if you know any single boys tell them...
spread the word
support &amp; in struggle of fighters:
wow thats really messed up just read the article...not even right to treat a fighter like that!
i think i need to rethink how i divide my time at my job
i keep putting off shelving until the end of the day, but it's the physically demanding part of my job, so i'm always too tired to do it
but you fuckin love me
i do man, but i'm not hot shit and a bag of chips, but you be retweeting some crazy shit like i need to put you on
the tr*mp campaign appropriating the poisoned m&amp;ms metaphor that was popular for explaining "not all men" is a strange twist indeed
(i think the takeaway here is as mundane as "it's hard to create a rhetorical tool that can't be abused", but sheesh)
i dont think jokes about candy bars are the best way to respond to dehumanizing people, but that's me
he's mad that cheetos aren't popular anymore
thankyou love. moral of the story the authorities want us out good luck on finding a great job! i know you will
seriously! i'm working at hofstra and we're hosting the debate monday, better keep my opt card away from trump train
can you eat my skittles it's the sweetest in the middle
but seriously, this is pretty fucked up
catholicism and football are my specialties :-)
lol!! that's awesome
i knew it was the shirts
luckily o got the slurpee hook up so slurpees for life
kid's from jersey too. something bout that state mannnnn
we produce the best athletes in every sport
i had my first college interview and i didn't die
always a good sign
that's good to know :). do you always celebrate a big week with a mimosa? or is there another drink of choice?
if the bloody mary is to my liking o can got they a few of those. i like a custom bloody mary bar
i keep putting off shelving until the end of the day, but it's the physically demanding part of my job, so i'm always too tired to do it
shit is starting to pile up
i wanna go to the kanye concert
*sigh* me too
i'm away on a mountain but i sense these are needed again
fyi digital dualism still exists (from the goofy sullivan nymag thing)
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
hey , is this use of your product okay with you? seems to think so.
i'd love to know. i don't see any obvious anti-detection schemes.
snitches get stiches
true, though mostly first party shovelware, i really hope we do get nx news this year and not right as it's about to come out
you may be on to something regarding october-december, let's just hope it's not handled in an actually stupid manner
also, i have to thank my amazing wife for understanding that i had to be here and for loving the camp even more than i do. loves, mims!!
the best!!!
lmaooooo i love you bff
i love you too bff
unfortunately i've never seen touch sis s.
i haven't seen the entire show yet but it's pretty intriguing about his kid who has autism but so many other things happen
good morning, good evening, if your raving and misbehaving has got the tunes sorted x
attention star is out itunes
if you believe in god please pray for my little brother please please please god
i have no idea what just happened but i really hope and pray he's okay.
if islam has nothing to do with terrorism, why would offending those who practice it boost isis recruitment and pro...
you just sent a legion of libtards in to apoplectic shock. no logic please....
ok bet here comes a new thread
((this is gonna sound kinda like a sob story and i don't mean it to sound this way but bear with me))
looking at a developing artists socials you can usually almost immediately tell whether or not they have real fans
outside of that, there are people who aren't friends and family at their shows
does this work well? i eat 35-40 eggs a week already but would eat more. (serious statement)
i will let you know! i was inspired by this
three years later... , please make this dream a reality!
i saw dian bachar at a convention. 2 years ago and kept yelling little bitch at him
worth a watch?!
oh my goodness yes! go back and watch the 1st season. fabulous writing, different from what you might expect
cyber for german military will be on the same level as land, air and sea. (gundbert scherf)
at least organizational. the rest will have to be shown
presented without comment
did he hurt you?! did the bad clown hurt you?
rumor has it wells may drop off the ticket because he doesn't want to be a spoiler for clinton.
i meant bill weld!
it's hard to tell but how cute are the? i love them.
i love them too !!
hippo? also, no comment.
my bad - walrus chick
another muslim bigot blocked me after she couldn't defend her death cult.
rick wilson blocked me lmfao score!
trump's trade policies would sink us into recession: study
is there any way to put 0bama in to guinnessbook forlargest debt in ushistory?
q2 how should we use hashtags to make waves &amp; what should we avoid?
hashtags should be as short as beeded to be unique. search to see if anyone else uses. avoid too much brand name clutter
the fact that the isles preseason starts thursday makes me so fucking happy!!
no it doesn't, it starts monday
told somebody this recently. but u know they denied it
always knew you was a real nigga jon
new yorkers live in a liberal elitist bubble, not the real world.
i interact with people of different colors and faiths daily. i work a 2nd job at a restaurant. u probably live in a white cocoon.
everyone: bye! have a great vacation! i'll see you next week! me: i'm not leaving until friday
i wish i was leaving today.
you both in the city?
i live in bk!
the fitness guru's opinion has changed since she saw the drama play out on tv.
my guess is yes! they aren't speaking these days..
lol that's pretty hilarious coming from a raider fan. the coliseum is fantastic isn't it? how's vegas going to be?
it's funny because we pack the coliseum out and your team had to offer 60% on home opener tickets. at a brand new stadium.
after a terrorist attack, a president should
fuck your facts i have bloodlust!
i had to google it but i'm sure it's different here in canada anyway.
i'll see if i can make the app work in apple tv
well, thank you for instilling a sense of urgency in me. i totally would have procrastinated and missed out on tickets.
when i got my ticket for the 24 hour movie marathon in philly they sold out in a few minutes. it was crazy.
send some beats to bookingbnasty.com right now
ii got beats
rumor has it wells may drop off the ticket because he doesn't want to be a spoiler for clinton.
i meant bill weld!
the days are getting darker
i read your tweet in the voice of rufus scrimgeour
if you did, you don't deserve to die. and neither did he. are you really trying to justify this??? his hands were...
would you go get something from your car if cops had their guns drawn on you?
yeah that i can't help with
been unlocking our phone the same way for years and they switch it up on us
has struck a vehicle at east meadow drive. expect delays.
here we go again..
snitches get stiches
see, this is exactly the kind of discussion we should be having for talk like a pirate day
don't worry, you're a good person and you don't dress like a sporty marshmallow
i dunno i kind of filled out this past year. maybe i just am a sporty marshmallow
i make some bomb dinners and have no one to share them with
cook for me
i voted for bernie sanders in the spring. and i'll be voting for hillary clinton this fall.
thank you so much! please help us to
....is that a patent application for a paper bag.
the apple(tm) bag se +
i have been in this character now an unreasonable amount of time just taking pictures. i hope to have many originals this halloween season.
can't say something like that with no sneak peeks
i saw this on wall earlier. it's amazing how ppl "harumph" and cross their arms in replying to it.
voting 3rd party is the equivalent of rejecting two awful candidates &amp; telling the dems they cant rig elections for warmongers.
fourth-inning single ties adrian beltre with rogers hornsby for 37th on the all-time hit list with 2,930.
he's so close to 3,000 now
via family horseback riding adventure on oahu with gunstock ranch via
thank you for sharing!
(grand-daughter here) not sure what that means??? i type what she says while we watch.
so i was right? that sucks.
new yorkers live in a liberal elitist bubble, not the real world.
if u want to live in a whites-only country, u better move to switzerland and quick. otherwise, you are just a dinosaur.
dates i take my husband on look so different from dates he takes me on lol
lmao! my mom takes my dad to drive in movies and car shows and he takes her to different countries. lmao lmao lmao
so i am racist, bigoted, misogynistic? i'm sorry :( i tried to come across as graciously as i could.
that post was not directed towards you.
the fight gods have truly blessed us this week.
have you checked out hong-man's instagram? it's pure gold
i cancelled my sports illustrated subscription after 16 years last year because of the leftist politics.
what would you have them do?
playing on 85.5fm dj triple exe - tory lanez-cold hard love, now {
attention star
good stuff. good for him and the boys
of course hopefully they continue playing teams competitively!
i've given this a lot of thought. yes. yes, she should. no exclusions means no exclusions. period.
happier elderly people = potentially more outside activities = more spending = more tax revenue
i was really craving a mcflurry.. but the delivery time is 6 hours.. so i'll guess i'll pass it up. i have been defeated. next time.
i have been defeated again, mcdonalds doesn't have mcflurrys
ooooh, you should do it!
but i'm the one who needs guidance!
can any please tell me how the hell saran wrap is suppose to work?
i would tell you, but there isn't actually a way to make it work. correction: it only works on itself. ?
1)likely true. 2) facts help all. fiction helps page clicks
what if the 10-year-old in the showers in 2001 were 10-year-old jay paterno? you think he would feel his dad did enough?
((this is gonna sound kinda like a sob story and i don't mean it to sound this way but bear with me))
overuse injuries are a real thing!!! stress fractures are a real thing!! u joints can wear tf down from working so hard for your sport.
trump: "it's sad we have to treat this bomber humanely before he's convicted in court. shame we can't torture him and his family right now."
it's a sad state of affairs when i'm not sure if that's satire or an actual quote
happy birthday glee
thank you bridge
friday september 30th !!! me &amp; my brother mase will be in the building!!!...
kimmmmm i want to meet you again!!! 4 years later momma! last time was at pride!
see, this is exactly the kind of discussion we should be having for talk like a pirate day
the test machine for the jsmess web-worker version is an emulated jaguar running tempest 2000, so is happy.
voting third party is the electoral equivalent of sending thoughts and prayers
voting 3rd party is the equivalent of rejecting two awful candidates &amp; telling the dems they cant rig elections for warmongers.
who cares???? hillary has done a lot worse already when it comes to china and russia... does that not matter??? oh,...
trump has no idea what he's up against as a president, weak guy! trump losing in polls!
so him being shot after being tazed is justifiable?
did i say it was justified? no. i just said what i wouldn't do. would you walk back like that?
do they still exist?
boys? lol...
it makes you not even wanting to try anymore
i been stop trying lowkey
(imo) twitter is still the best platform to keep a pulse on current happenings + gauge the sentiment of a conversation.
true but i say. connect with people not platforms
i prefer so keep the blood in your head and keep your feet on the ground
omg suddenly im 15
kids an irrelevant, clout chasing little bitch, not worth my time
lol it's 2016 and fat is still an insult gg
happier elderly people = potentially more outside activities = more spending = more tax revenue
if you want to break it down in to something that avoiding exclusions = republican loopholes = classism
we love you mr pence thank you
we really do appreciate mr pence. he will be a great vp!
the owner is white too though...
it's a publicly traded company. so the shareholders are "owners". there's no single owner.
omg a fan sent this to all of us and we didn't know what to do with it
omg is that was it is?? i thought it was something personal!
do you guys want me to finish harvester on wednesday or wait until sub sunday?
dump that homophobic game sis
that's a big time throw
i hate everything.
things i care about: - the blue jays - my family - "the costco lifestyle" things i dont care about - making friends - classism - indie music
- the blue jays - my kirkland blue jeans
the reality show where manages an animal farm while makes ,trey plays guitar,n page makes grinders.
then sue jumps into frame, slaps trey and says "no honey!, no more farmhouse practicing while the kids are home goddammit!"
dress=/=body and you know it was all ww? i saw all kinds saying it
you make a generalization about all black women, but get defensive when it's turned around? sounds fair.
if i made a zine would you paypal me cost and, upon receiving it in the mail, read it
yeah yeahhhh
what leaked us embassy cables say on the davao death squad:
so what is us to do about a situation where the public outrage is underwhelming?
voting third party is the electoral equivalent of sending thoughts and prayers
voting 3rd party like the greens also helps to build a progressive party since the democrats have abandoned progressivism.
i haven't seen the blasphemous things yet
i have an iphone and it's limit is still saying 140 characters
tell me something that you still need to learn re: your sexuality/sexual health?
how to test limits without crossing them. i was having a discussion where it seems most people learn limits after crossing.
hell yeah on the radio. i want to photograph her again so bad! here's one from march at house of vans.
i love her
you get all excited and it's just people arguing in your mentions
i once had over 40 mentions and it was just them calling each other virgins over and over. fuck this app
we're up to q2 the one about hashtags and how to use them effectively
hey. that's what i just tweeted. guess i'm not lost in the desert
just gave me the heads up. magical
he's fair nimble for a big fella!
i'd be less baffled by my room smelling of garlic and roasting meat if any other room in the apartment smelled of garlic and roasting meat.
oh sorry about that
never trust a guy whose last name is barth.
i heard that!
i hope so, been worried about you
its okay i'm eating carrots and fruits and drinking expensive water living very anne hathaway rn
playing on 85.5fm dj triple exe - tory lanez-cold hard love, now {
brand new tune
what do you think about those who want to speed up the game and bring more action to baseball?
most of those people want two contradictory things:more runs and shorter games. there's a good balance of pitching/hittingnow
i wonder if all the cop haters understand all they do for us
you still protesting kaepernick's protest? where's your outrage for this man?
this must be the place (naive melody) - talking heads:
talking heads - this must be the place (naive melody) [official video] [hd] via
nyc: visit our stoop sale on 9/15 from 5-8pm.
how do i do subtitles on my website something like on website he did on under services
we agree with ! join us at ! register now &amp; save 20% w code bhf20.
thanks for sharing!
equally important--&gt;creative thinking needed! reliable objective data on advantage/disadv-damage sex before/outside of wedlock
why the need for "creative thinking"?the total psycho-social-physical behavior related to human "procreativity" is so impot.!
and it's sad because people are in their 60s working strenuous jobs and 40hrs a week at that
i completely agree. it's devastating. so many of my relatives have worked until they were just too sick to.
but the results are never satisfactory so they wind up addicted to plastic surgery. each surgery costs $2000 min.
not with bargaining and standardisation it doesn't
hell yeah, especially knowing i didn't do shit wrong.
hope it turns out better for you. :/
lowry takes charges and sacrifices his body
so does mo speights
where is that
mp 33.0, between san &amp; cal.
i'm taking my car back to les schwab after work ever since i got it looked at it's making a weird noise when i turn right sometimes
may want to go to midas for a second opinion, always treated me fairly
overuse injuries are a real thing!!! stress fractures are a real thing!! u joints can wear tf down from working so hard for your sport.
partway through my season last year i got news that from running/lifting/swimming/just working so hard in general i had a bad back injury
absolutely, interaction is the best source. once ml hits a threshold of being interesting to interact with, data will pour in.
but is interaction with humans a rich enough source? we don't get basics from other humans, we extract them in parallel via cells
missing one of your classic blog post about the new camera! it'd be cool to have your thoughts about the new raw capabilities!
i'll make one shortly! don't you worry !
we're celebrating and 's birthday with the ultimate cake!
mario was definitely high on life lmao
can you tell me more/everything about vertigo
it's heaven in lip gloss form. kinda vampy color
no sweetie - it is you who is believing the most corrupt person to ever run for potus and her little dog too (obama)
try to educate yourself on syrian refugee facts before tweeting stupid things, sweetie
the twitter community was very quick to pick up on the topical aspect of hashtags very early on. that's still their best use
many don't realize that the are tags not branding or ads
jesus wasn't a socialist, you fool. responsibility to poor is personal, not governmental.
jesus shared and healed. he didn't assume anyone unworthy of a hand up because of con. assumptions
golf architect buffs &amp; experts, back me up here. the yale course is raynor designed, macdonald consulted.
raynor did all the work cb was on a panel that oversaw construction. get book by george bahto. evangelist of golf
dark mac foundation swatches nc50-nw58 via
thanks for sharing!!!
i fuck up long tweets all the time and hate that i have to retype it
i just copy n paste then fix mistakes but it's still a pain in the ass
bill has his own scam university issue
the university bill clinton supports, offers lots of open courses it's called courses. i've used them
i'm catholic too. lol. that's why i can be such an asshole. i just confess sunday
and then you just start a new week?
lol board game?? wha wha what??
yup there are videos up from &amp; 4more
i'm just talking about the career mode from the trailer knowing that this is a first from them lol
i don't think that's the career mode lol that's something else.
i wonder if i've ever ruined someone's life? doesn't seem likely but the world is v mysterious
if u think thoughts like this u probably never even ruined someone's night
oh, my heart. dont do that to me again.
sorry, had to share. :) nowhere near as devastating as that a dog's purpose preview though. i need a valium even recalling it!
an inmate died of thirst in a jail run by a pro-trump, fox news famous sheriff:
he's a crooked as they come. google tanya weyker sues sheriff dave clarke conspired to frame her for dui to protect hitrun cop
tonight i learned i suck at poetry
in second grade i realized i can't understand poetry and hated it
robberies down 15%, aggravated assault down 7%, burglary down 6%. reported rape up 4%, murder up 3%,
the 'down' stuff could just be how the police choose to record it. murder and rape? not so easy to mess with the numbers.
bombing suspect is reportedly "not cooperating."
let a few shia muslim americans have a few seconds with him, he will start speaking in a matter of minutes
hiiiii lady!!!!! how the heck are you?!?! where ru living these days??
i live in nyc. i'm good how are you?! how's work? looking back i totally miss your class hahaha
homeland season 6 production delayed after rupert friend injured
but he's dead in season 6...but wait
all i wanna do is *gunshots* *click* *cash register noise* deconstruct the gender binary &amp; essentialist gender politics
in case u missed another great one:
find a pokmon in its natural habitat? use your ar camera to take a photo then share it with us.
at the airport
playing on 85.5fm dj triple exe - tory lanez-cold hard love, now {
brand new tune
young on o'meara: up to round 20 i thought he was going to stay. it was about living in melbourne, not the $. watch
still they leave queensland
you ask so many to change their beliefs and yet you're not open to change yourself?
it's up to people to change their own beliefs. i can't control what people believe, but i can share what i believe.
that raider team that snuck by the saints and lost to the falcons, i'm sure the chiefs and broncos are scared of them
yeah that's what happens when you bring in 4 new fas to the secondary. you should know torrey smith was good before he came to sf
alt rapper: wake up! the people should paid for their labors! other musician: sweet! please pay me for sampling my guitar riff. ar: nah
i get annoyed when i hear sampling from movies in songs now.
., , and stop by to play a heart-pounding round of food pyramid!
steph pre empted himself, missed his entire segmant
and the incident earlier today.
sorry. this one wasn't meant for you. apologies b
today, pilot introduced female flight attendants as "sweetness" &amp; "white chocolate." got to ask you: funny, or offensive? tell me here...
funny if they consented. still not exactly appropriate either way.
there's something new to learn about javascript every single day.
do you mean there's something new to **puzzle** about javascript every single day?
ur glowing
the benefits of the west coast
they eventually put it up for the next power play, but definitely wasn't there coming out of intermission.
are they calling the game this time or is it still just two dudes rambling about random stuff?
to all of you can catch a glimpse... and thank u to ericka for running our social media
thanks for all the love t
" i have never felt threatened for the 23 years i have been in the u.s. ever. until this election" - somali america...
well you have now! get in line like everyone else from now on! trump!!! immigrate legally or not at all!!!
"and i still out here taking train"
you missed the "the" in front train sweetheart
socialism fails. every time unless
us has socialist national defense. conservatives claim to respect that institution.
partway through my season last year i got news that from running/lifting/swimming/just working so hard in general i had a bad back injury
the joints in my back are broken down and i herniated two discs and some parts of my spine aren't attached right anymore
yeah win or lose she would have made class terrible for you
i woulda been at the board answering questions i've never seen before
this is absolute bullshit. i don't owe you a response if i don't fucking feel like it. manipulation tactics don't w...
what the fuck am i even supposed to say to this
my dmbox is open to your ~emotions~ because you will have them.
oh, dude, i'm already having plenty of them :d
should i...
just think about those ugly ass android looking emojis
unless you're participating in a chat that you want people to see the thread :)
agreed. i sometimes put on weather reports.
is there tamil or is it just english and hindi?
&amp; which airlines?
how many eagles fans do i follow? i see about 10+ on my tl
fuck the rams kid
if gary graham and james ellesworth aren't in the next wwe game then why bother
have you see the ellsworth 2k17 cover that he keeps carrying around? it's great
o.o (well it's monday!!! what else can i say?) ((( solar love hugs of compassion! ))
have a super great week
aqui yaii, vivo and shit
i see u gee always activist
some call me the gangster of love, but you can call me p.
you must be stopped
once again. "fascinating".
ok, both the magnificent seven scores were sent...you need to let me know your thoughts on saturday after i see the film
i'm just sitting there minding my own business when mango shoves herself under my hand and does this.
shes a cuddle bug birb!!!
one officer has been released from the hospital, the other is still in for observation
praying for a speedy recovery of the officers who caught rahami! thank you 4 ur dedicated service &amp; protecting america!
trump says "win" or "winning" nine times in less than 15 seconds to :
"we bomb the wrong people" the people who have, along w, been bombing children, starving them!
so cool! where was this? nvca?
redpoint thing
this for natalie fans/stans. will you still stan her if she doesn't date james? yes for me
lol dont go breaking opur spirits
oh ok but still, it caught me off guard and didn't know fifa was looking to do something like that
if they did it for multiple players, and players that we actually care about then maybe i'd consider buying
tanaka is on the red sox?
put down the pipe man
keith's lucky this is a channel 11 game because jeans remain a big no-go at sny.
is that true?
i'm tied up with many events within the un precinct - which is under high security!
no worries, let's take a rain check then. mum said hi btw, she's a big labour supporter :)
ok, both the magnificent seven scores were sent...you need to let me know your thoughts on saturday after i see the film
alrighty!!!
nice!!! who you still need?? i'll help you look lo
i saw the rest of the members on fromjapan but i wanted to wait to get them cause they cost more
i love free clothes. i really don't gotta shop this fall lol
so stop asking me to cop y'all wack shit por favor
if you want to see my new-to-me 1997 ford contour, you'll need to come back to iowa city for a visit.
this wells fargo lawsuit is pretty interesting. glad i was never a banker
honestly if it was just getting fired &amp; no other penalties i must say i would have done the same thing ahhahah
and there's why i don't enter online tournies lol 5th place
5th isnt bad
but seriously, this is pretty fucked up
now imagine each skittle was carefully vetted
a global threat facing our democracies.
suspect is not born in the us... ahmad rahami was born on jan. 23, 1988, in afghanistan
30 minutes ago when i got in the car this said 95
the meat should be ready by now.
remember when i hit that nae nae eagle dance??
sure do. let's revisit it when you get back.
are you...dusting off the sword and the sorcerer?
it's going to be a long night! i may get to it! it's a fine choice!
socialism fails. every time unless
socialism and capitalism balance is ideal. they check each other from disaster.
i may have moved even further south, but don't worry, i will never become a sweet tea person. it's just so impractical and gross
i love sweet tea and it doesn't exist in the north...
okay the founder was white. he probably has a good portion and prolly mostly white too
okay, but that's not what she said/is saying.
hope you can make it!
thank you!
- in palo alto. between san antonio and cal ave
not bad. should be an easy clean up.
looks like paris or london both permanently off my travel list
o hell no, thatshit ain't coming here, this would protest time!!!
finally found the spider
how was it still alive
oh ok but still, it caught me off guard and didn't know fifa was looking to do something like that
but a majority of these players don't even speak english so i don't see that happening
my sisters and mother and grandmother all teach or taught elementary school. it's a mix of things, but they did all enjoy
being the authority in the room. it's a way of being your own boss for them.
the world is ending but tv gets better and better
we must hold on to the good things
first off how would you make a movie about the joker second he's a villain so like what he beats batman in the movie?
the joker had beef with others besides batman you know right
today this man who called himself st.ross preached about the bible and spoke a lot of hate to people on campus against gay people
he claimed that the following were ways to identify 95% of the time of women were a lesbian to protect guys from being mislead
hell yes. i havent committed a crime. my hands are in the air. i'm 100% sure they want to see license and registrat...
pretty sure they could get your license and registration without your help, no?
i feel a lot of companies probably think that it's an honour and privilege to work for them, so everything should be on their terms.
apple, certainly, and others follow.
these are all horrifying. except idk i would probably date the celebrity yo-yoer
my worst date ever was w an angry, self-loathing right-wing hate monger who acted polite all night then sent me a blistering email about
playing on 85.5fm dj triple exe - tory lanez-cold hard love, now {
brand new tune
borrowing a line from "it's the right thing to do" - i ask for your resignations rahm/fred
stp the notifications
rough monday i see. cc
oh we like him rough - thanks guys!
think about it! he was caught within 48 hours, and even though he bombed somewhere no one had orders to shoot to kill?
it's all bullshit to me. like that emergency alert? so vague and unnecessary. why am i gonna go out of my way to look for
lol look at the raiders attendance over the past 20 years. totally fair weather. when they really sucked no one was going
i'm sorry, is a 49er fan talking about fair weather? am i hearing this? the stick was empty as fuck after steve young left foh.
i really don't know what to say to this...
you can make the case that at this point, he only deserves response by emoji
every second, minute, hour, day, month, year ... forever!!
hes getting older with that facial hair
a big happy 18th birthday to ! 18 is right?
lol! sure! and stop with the doyers crap. i'm an angel fan thanks for making my day
duhhh u already know wassup wit me
right. lol i told her i can't decide who worse. she said i'm too cool
fyi digital dualism still exists (from the goofy sullivan nymag thing)
what i hate most is that the piece is in no way novel. like, dude, at least cite turkle if you're gonna rip her off...
i said i'm human, but you know i lie. i'm only visiting this shore. i'll soon be leaving in the outbound tide i pray again we will meet.
that's lovely, what's it from?
haha sorry i had to bro
hahahaha rit wishes they were as cool
twitter should have minor leagues
i like your twitter game! you've got mad skills and make me chuckle each day.
he's paranoid.
he is totally freaking out! lol
lindsey graham wants to destroy america:
shut the fuck up jesus christ, enough with your political bullshit i won't even click on your shit anymore
the most-loved daytime drama si back on jeepneytv! magkakapit-bisig muli sina maya at ser chief...
hope this is a "test" for the" still appeal" of the jochard tandem, then, bigger announcement to follow?
this is fucking weird block him dude lol
already done i'm just so fucking confused who sends messages like that to other people wtf
it gives bo superstar abilities.
he probably had petunias tequila
the joints in my back are broken down and i herniated two discs and some parts of my spine aren't attached right anymore
there were days that my legs went numb in the middle or end of practice&amp; i couldn't move &amp; there are days that it just hurts too bad to walk
the next president.
exactly "dream job"
bitch you should come visit me soon.. lol &lt;3
what to do in merced
the test machine for the jsmess web-worker version is an emulated jaguar running tempest 2000, so is happy.
you just beat the previous record for most happy-making geek words in a true tweet
i don't have a fall wardrobe yet lol
it's the same as sf every day of the year. maybe an umbrella
if it rain ima shine! you know how we do my brother.
that's what i like to hear bro
my worst date ever was w an angry, self-loathing right-wing hate monger who acted polite all night then sent me a blistering email about
how i was a crazy bitch bc i took him to a gay bar and made him walk through the "bad part of town" with all the "disgusting" homeless.
excitement doubles,celebrations worldwide with declaring of 7th october as official
so.. here's the lucky date- 7thoctober yeyyyy...!
hustler and play girl..why buy a mag when you can find free porn on twitter?
they have good articles though. lol.
it's all bullshit to me. like that emergency alert? so vague and unnecessary. why am i gonna go out of my way to look for
someone who could potentially harm me? it's not my job. they wanted us to be scared and just accept whatever came next. it's so sketchy.
we are blessed to live in a nation where we have a constitution that protects our liberties.
what do you think 11 million semi-literate hispanic high school dropouts will do to "muh-consitution?"
stop paying all this money for flat tummy tea when for $19.99 you can get the lil' kim workout dvd
did you make this???
wow, how brutal is that? that team deserves better than that. most are sox fans too
sick...as far as i know they are still in the running!!?? shamefull
da best, just wish the rubber ones weren't so pocket sticky
does your iphone have the hissing noise?
could you pick 7 worse players drafted in the first round in trich/weeden/mingo/gilbert/johnny/cam/shelton stretch?
couch/brown/warren/green/faine/winslow/edwards?
what we're numbers in wondo for last game?
worst grade (6.1) on the quakes according to
coming out soon
fucking you and your cousin? do you have a sister, we can family fuck tonight &lt;333
if you have the tails crossing it can cause the reader to get lost in the text
hmmm... that would be an issue. has that been confusing in atc? may need to go in and edit.
i am almost done with season 1 and have fallen asleep multiple times while watching. yet for some reason i still like it
hahah that's what's happening to me rn! seasons 2 and 3 are really good, i promise lol
it's only a lie if it's not true
mollys is very true they got it spot on
yet you still saw no reason to condemn the police's actions. suck my dick to completion sir.
are you hitting on me?
do you share underwear with your significant other?
yes. very much yes.
man i hate this madden i never had playbook issues last madden smh
i explained all you had to do was restart in the first quarter.
please hire me to write about which rappers give good or bad safe sex advice it's what i was born to do
doubling up creates friction &amp; possible tears. no ty, no
haha! always taking the credit! good evening!
somebody has too you trained today girl
alrighty!!!
from what i've heard, simon franglen did such a great job that you can almost hear james horner as an angel in heaven...
she didn't even spell choose right
okay you've got a point there but she corrected herself
followed by running on contact to score from 3rd.
his hustle made that inning
i'm listening to britney's femme fatale and realizing it still sounds fresh. meghan trainor ripped off trouble for me and sold it as me too
i think thats why she likes it so much
a big happy 18th birthday to ! 18 is right?
a street in chinatown haha!
great minds think alike! which are your favs ?
i love the oatmeal one and the cupcake one!
how i was a crazy bitch bc i took him to a gay bar and made him walk through the "bad part of town" with all the "disgusting" homeless.
he also chided me for choosing a nice restaurant for dinner. "real men like diners, greasy spoons." what a fucking shitlord lmao
hey brothers when i get my copy of nba2k17 ill play with you.
i'm down , zaire always calling saying i'm ducking him
have you been seeing tax bottles?
like i said they look small plus they like $40+ i hear
being and asshole? idk i'm building up to it.
you have until sunday to hit your max
human? why not huwoman? ever think about that?
thanks for the support
on this gloomy day, it's good to look back at this beautiful sight
i want it so badly!!
you just beat the previous record for most happy-making geek words in a true tweet
having trouble scaring up the nerds to fix the (minor) bug in place at the moment.
let me guess, the majority of them don't have a college education? "school's not for me" mentality?
yup and they blame obama for their own unemployment
oh and human beings fleeing oppression and terror aren't skittles.
i agree, my kids schl, like many othrs, jst banned nuts bc 5/ 700+ kids r allergic &amp; threat to 5 outweigh 700+ i disagree w ban
excitement doubles,celebrations worldwide with declaring of 7th october as official
brings celebration all around...
yes. it already has.
yeah, poor phrasing. probably they meant "will it make more drought?". but elephant in this room is that persistent 1/n
great minds think alike! which are your favs ?
so basically the food ones lmao
calling someone names doesn't end your discussion.
...but enough with the compliments already.
yes sir. how you my brother. been to much time
chillen bro on the grind to shine more and we gotta link
yup there are videos up from &amp; 4more
oh and (ran out of characters...no pun intended)
true hero!! "exhausted jonny brownlee helped over line by brother"
thats how anybody feels they across the finished line
not that i've noticed
mine does
is no pariah: most far-reaching, progressive, important and advantageous trade pact in two decades, see
a viewpoint from someone whose race, class, &amp; profession, benefits from the deal.
the nonsense in the booth is out of control this year. just broadcast the ballgame
what happened? at the game.
for this analogy to work there needs to be 11 million skittles in which case yeah, i'll take my chances
the skittles also need to be living beings with souls
this just upset me .
this is hilarious
here is what a confided space set up looks like, displayed out by our incredible installer tom !
what's a confined space ? confined space is a restricted area of entry or exit.
when does the next ship leave for here?
every hour on the hour!!
playing on 85.5fm dj triple exe - tory lanez-cold hard love, now {
brand new tune kadondo
obama blasted 4 black bullying: 'house negro telling the field negroes to go support the mistress or we in trouble'
no, president obama, black america doesn't owe you a vote for hillary
please hire me to write about which rappers give good or bad safe sex advice it's what i was born to do
big sean b boy w/ meek &amp; ferg "feels underdressed" dorky tho
testing the new twitter feature where pics aren't counted in the 140 character limit thing so here's a picture of m...
you still didn't have enough characters apparently
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
your mother
there were days that my legs went numb in the middle or end of practice&amp; i couldn't move &amp; there are days that it just hurts too bad to walk
but ya girl pushed thru the best she could!! till she literally couldnt even walk anymore!! had to get wheeled/carried out of practice??
the montreal bill requires government background checks. we left that out of the article along with a few others
another thing will not agree to long-term. the emails to customer to send to politicians starts soon
every one of those guys would be the best of that last bunch by a wide margin
i was trying to be positive!
thanks p. do you carry it around with you? use the smart keyboard or type direct?
i carry the 9.7 around; the 12.9 stays home., unless i'm traveling. i love typing direct.
he will! and match 7 should then be at clash of champions on sunday!
yes! definitely looking forward to match 7 :)
trump says he "bets" the bombing suspect is not on a watch list because he's litigious
cnn not invited victims of manhattan bombing to share experience?
-the living room. mettaton walked over to papyrus carrying a tray with a bowl of soup.]
oh my!!! feed me!!
but when i suggested this everyone told me "ain't nobody bringing a costume for homecoming"
they lame then. that would be dope af!
yeah, poor phrasing. probably they meant "will it make more drought?". but elephant in this room is that persistent 1/n
ridging/blob, which no one has a very good handle on yet. oh look, we're starting to get it already this fall! (no guarantee 2/n
watching the video and hearing the shots fired from the female officer, i think she heard the taser pop and panicked
yea, that may very well be true, she still murdered him tho so that sucks. also yes train the cops way better.
our job is to break our addiction to fossil fuels, not increase our dependence on fuels that pollute our planet. we only have one earth.
our job is to break the stranglehold of democratic beaurocracy and useless regulations strangling this country!
if white people held the police accountable, it would.
listen, a scroll through my mentions and you'd see i'm no fan of i was just saying what i wouldn't have done.
taking netflix show recommendations for the next 5 mins
the fall and broadchurch are soooo good!
yes i'm aware but still it's just an odd choice to do
na its many ways to do a movie about the joker it can lead to him getting away from batman or another crazy guy
this is akon, he is 43 yrs old. the guy u claim is akon, is more like 23. see for urself at
i dunno mate, designer seated him and his buddies as "akon and entourage" soooo \_()_/
ya kinda sound like a big pussy who is afraid of terrorist tbh
another keyboard kommando who'd crap himself &amp; then hide behind a woman at the first *boom* of a bomb going off
i haven't gotten that crazy on someone in a while it's scary i don't think anyone wants to see that side of me
shit, i know i don't
the high five is the reason.
what can i say i have special powers
where do they teach that last part?
i do a workshop. also wrote a book.
. blasts debate moderators on : it's 'a phony system'
holden caulfield grew up to be a hate mongerer
dead ass crying rn syd got played
i really dont have time for this
since equality is the name of the game,being polite is something that should be expected and practiced by all
i don't understand the connection between equality and politeness. equality is not about politeness, it's about equal opportunity
ridging/blob, which no one has a very good handle on yet. oh look, we're starting to get it already this fall! (no guarantee 2/n
it'll be strong this winter, but still.) 3/3
catch and sweet gnar gnar brah?
chaa bro you already know
random art, and most likely sugarnutz. what will happen?
i haven't been to one of your streams in ages, i should do that :)
suck my cock joseph
dm me real i need to tell u something
ever read hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy?
my towel won't save me!
all the musicians and james horner fellow team members all poured so much emotion in that score to make it so surreal
i'll take your word for that sis s.
a2: i stick with 1 or 2 hashtags on twitter. anymore &amp; feels like i'm reaching/begging.
sometimes and is hashtags
the survey estimates that there are now 265 million firearms in private hands in the u.s. we're a country of ~318...
contrast that with amsterdam a city of 800k ppl and 1.5 million bicycles...
what's a confined space ? confined space is a restricted area of entry or exit.
areas like these aren't designed for a large amount of space and sometimes extremely difficult to access.
it actually does discount the findings, asserting that us exit polls can't be used that way.
to be clear, i was not able to get a definitive answer on that
ah yes, it was in*****am you changed! getting confused.
don't know what you're talking about
happy birthday gorgeous
thanks pretty
that is the funniest part. he'll watch it back and think "i'm a dick!"
its easy for your legs to give up on you
who did i pick??!?!?!??!?!
you're awesome
fun-bummer (fummer) project: assemble a bibliography of the roots of japanese militarism in the bakufu's system of social control
1. the taming of the samurai 2. zen at war ...?
let's start a racing team
caprice only racing league
trump's appeal to rural voters may win him an electoral vote in maine:
what exactly is appealing to rural voters about trump except being a white male?
i always thought ironwolf was cool, was never that fond of crapgamer but i keep my opinions of him to myself now
i love iron, i see why he got upset, trying to get them to talk to each other. iron is a good dude
to bad u don't have a great girlfriend that buys u it like me
you tryna say my girl isn't great
love my leather one
yup! just got the black leather!
in a couple weeks my goal is to go through all the business cards of contacts/friends i made at and write emails to every one of you.
school come first so it's definitely going to be in october, but expect it!
in "exactly" 14 weeks it's going to be the 27th of december... :p
i found this a few ways ago and forgot to repost i knew someone would correct lol
areas like these aren't designed for a large amount of space and sometimes extremely difficult to access.
but that has never stopped our installers from completing a job. , , .
i could only go to 2 . we buy extra p&amp;g stock for retirement some day
yeah i only went to 2 shows, too. that's very smart to make retirement savings a priority!
reply w this
this is the best thing ever yes
i'll take your word for that sis s.
and as i said the other day, i got tears in my eyes just hearing the clips...it's gonna really be hard knowing it's his last
not kp's new shoe collection right?
i was gonna say that - but i didn't think the caption would've been that funny
spot on! we need a paradigm where we don't put same people in multiple silos to communicate!
like all my good ideas. this comes from my own laziness
but that has never stopped our installers from completing a job. , , .
cause i could've sworn my name ends with a k lol
omg im soooory erick with a k
fun/sad fact i have not had an all american burger yet.
that is a sad/fun fact. you don't know what you're missing.
"you want to give me a good send-off? go vote." -barack obama:
fookin race baiter!!
yo tell my god mother to bring me some hats i will pay her when she gets here
to late she on that plane chuck
be the kind of person your dog believes you are
i can't like this enough
i've always fought the notion of "he looks gay" but i just saw a 'heterosexual' dude that just looked so...gay
that boy was gay as hell....he dealt it...i smelt it....he gay
charlie's efl cup predictions charlie nicholas has provided us with the efl cup third round predictions, starting ...
and we barely scape by norwich according 2 him. fucking hell people arent giving efc enough credit on how much they improved
now imagine each skittle was carefully vetted
i met one family last year who came from syria and are now in pa. they had a son with special needs.
sometimes, when the delivery guy leaves, as the doors is closing, i say, softly: "you're my only friend."
"as the doors is closing" it's one fucking door moron
and don't you go down to tulsa to sing another song. patronizing condescending bs!! you were not worth all these lives. at all.
in this divided nation, what else you expect him to do? ..he is already a scapegoat for everything race related
1st time i saw uncircumcised penis was in playgirl, i thought it was a birth defect
and now we're talking about penises....
out of the shadows comes out tomorrow?
yes it does :d rocksteady would be proud lol
does that mean i would be supporting mka's weird may-december romances?
lol not technically no bc sephora owns the fragrance rights to elizabeth &amp; james
i'm terrified of spiders
i have a joke but i won't say it on the tl
lmfao klay would be the first option on the raptors tho
sorry for calling you a jobless virgin
isn't that blackmail? or extortion? or something? (priebus: penalties)
no lawyer but if it was not disclosed in agreement it's something. we know it's stupid &amp; says much about him &amp; .
happy everyone!
happy max monday
by that logic, every human should be killed.
you really think that "person" is operating on logic?
but ya girl pushed thru the best she could!! till she literally couldnt even walk anymore!! had to get wheeled/carried out of practice??
all for sports ok stuff like that will mess ur body up in the long run but sometimes u have no other choice bc ppl depend on u to do ur job
i've been an avid fan since i was in elementary school, but i'm starting to seriously contemplate shelving it permanently.
we need another football league!
trump would have 100% authority to launch nuclear weapons w/no oversight. if you vote for him knowing that, you are trading your life.
tonyn trump is scum but he does not unfettered authority to launch nuclear weapons unless there is an attack on the usa.
i don't think we should support anyone from frisco, tx. you just never know!
ha! quite true! its time to get serious about the frisco problem
happy birthday pretty girl
thank you!
lindsey graham wants to destroy america:
shut the fuck up, i mean my god enough with your political bullshit i won't even click on your shit anymore
i need you to take pics of me and my future boo like this
let me know!
who did i pick??!?!?!??!?!
let's date and sing together
rt if you have love for this jeep.
that's just hideous
"green and blue" by the pixies. see my previous tweet for video :)
ah cool, thanks!
me and my friend are by ourselves and would like company bc we dont wanna meet jc alone so dm me asap if u can come
wish i was in mew mexico
"i wonder if anyone ima- oh it was published in a german journal in the 80s"
&lt;plot twist&gt; the 1880s....
you don't need a rich husband because you'll deadass be the rich husband
you and me and both sista gf
nothing this week matters until thursday omg i can't wait to be back in the bay
that means you can come to my birthday party on saturday
wake up? if i had it my way our policeman would be decorated veterans of all races, the rest would be pure freedom (anarchy)
what the fuck is anarchy going to solve
you are right santi. and she has a record of fighting for american american communities to back that up.
are promoting "tolerance" aka the 90s racism we were raised on. hrc's racism is institutional.
new blog name! my blog is now adding some updates all this week!
i just started blogging again. fixing the website now/
im white &amp; terrified police will rape my daughter if she has car trouble. i cant even imagine terror black ppl must feel.
ok..i hope you are safe. i will pray to keep all rehabilitated americans which i know you love in your prayers. i pray for you!
you have the cat disease
my home suffers from severe kitten deficiency
cnn falsely adds "racial" to trump comments about profiling
cnn did not invited stabbing victims from minnesota to share experience ?
i kind of sort of hope some genius marketing firm is getting a payday for this
it's the first positive thing to come out of that campaign.
a1: i think it's possible. doesn't have to be perfect/approved by others to be a life you love.
yes! the most important part. if you're happily fulfilling your purpose -- approval from others doesn't matter
work out. you can get new teeth when you're old, but you can't get new muscles!!
i was 100% on nyquil when i said that but i stand by it.
my messages aren't fucking sending, i was stuck in traffic now i'm late! and i can't remember my lines for my scene...
class was lit i didn't actual have to remember my lines!
that makes me feel less yucky about it.
they both have daddy issues
to early for bed????
i was just wondering the same thing.
fyi digital dualism still exists (from the goofy sullivan nymag thing)
if the internet really is making us stupid, you'd think the disconnectionists would have more than lazy, recycled arguments to make
what distinction are you making between the angular 1 source code and library?
would you consider a compiler that runs during the build step part of the source?
really interesting - i think of making disciples as very different from conversionism but wonder if ppl conflate?
it's a distinction without a difference b/c of the biblicism of proof-texting everything.
the latest the main street analyst daily! thanks to
super issue thanks
blistered shishito peppers with sesame salt, a bitingly cold glass of rose, and an unmolested spot at the bar. brooklyn, you're not so bad.
sounds about right. where you at?
finally some courage.
honestly i was praying for them to drop out. but it seems johnson will go on without him.
oh my god how did you find those that easily
i still have them in the cloud
yea we had sone good convos til mooch led the brigade against me. telling everyone to block me lol
he does that to a lot of guys , i think you are a legit good dude , i do what i want to be honest. never block u
nooooo astoria's burnside biscuit is closed :(
this is just. the cafe that was there for decades was my work spot. this place bad odd hours and weird food. just!!!!!
oh yeah, i wouldn't have thought to do that.
some fools out brand, company, modelnumber, frivingdirections and leave no room for message
leas evil sounds fantastic. sign me up for less evil, please.
she's a corrupt warmonger who helped kill millions in iraq, syria, libya, honduras &amp; yemen. she isn't close to less evil.
i think he'll have a bounce back year. that contract makes him real tough to move.
that contract is onerous
i kind of sort of hope some genius marketing firm is getting a payday for this
and tbh, i don't want them hijacking skittles like they hijacked pepe
trump says "win" or "winning" nine times in less than 15 seconds to :
this just goes to show how clueless he is regarding no empathy 4 syrian civilians lives
what distinction are you making between the angular 1 source code and library?
like, is the glimmer compiler part of the source code of ember?
the real life queen of katwe saw her very first movie on a big screen and it was this one about the story of her life
the movie comes out 9/23/16. bring tissues.
you ate much better in seattle then i did is that all from or did you have additional trips up?
at our main fare besides the cafeteria was stumptown, honey hole, rhein haus, and ba bar. still good eats though!
i wonder if rob realizes how much money we spend to go to a show?
i hear ya, alexa! had my daughters w/ me &amp; i paid for their meals. it gets real expensive.
. couldn't help notice... 's family fried chicken biz, is getting torn apart on
boohooooo fuck them
michael hibberd confirming his desire to get to melbourne at launch.
anyone itching to come to or
trump: fbi "didn't want to get sued" by rahami's "litigious" family, "so they didn't put him on the terror list." what?
trump is definitely dangerous!
every time my upstairs neighbors cook they set off the smoke alarm. every. single. time.
the roof. the roof. the roof is on fire
it's back! hope beer run was quick
the dogs will need walking when he gets back, lol.
dude , calm down
hit that unfollow then
seeing the way some cops handle the homeless and the mentally ill makes me fucking sick.
just because someone is an addict or may be acting out due to an illness does not give anyone the right to dehumanize them.
seen chainsmokers once and they killed it we will see how they do this time
dude me too at edc! i'm excited to see them again!
i'm thoroughly convinced that the reason nicole stays with an idiot like richard is somewhere in his pants.
hmmmm *stares at the chark*
yea we had sone good convos til mooch led the brigade against me. telling everyone to block me lol
very smart and very respectful. we don't agree on everything but we keep it cool. am a fan
good morning everyone have a happy day
have a wonderful day dear friend.
i abhor the fact that this is definitely me
nothing gets me harder than comme des garons and maison kitsune
all for sports ok stuff like that will mess ur body up in the long run but sometimes u have no other choice bc ppl depend on u to do ur job
if ur competing and somethjng goes wrong in the middle of your race/event/play whatever u do (idk!?) ur teammates/school still depend on u
a passenger has got off a train and has started walking along the tracks to the next station.
transit pd is in route.
if you get on bart on one of the ends of the train rather than the middle, you'll get a seat. 100% success rate for me so far.
granted, i get on before powell or montgomery
saw yesterday with my family and you owned it! great show, talented cast! loved every minute of it! all the best!
thank you so much! xx
desperately wanting to go back to paris.
desperately waiting for you to be less queer
when men say this we lol. when women say this we start rumors that they have eating disorders and are a bad influen...
read an article today that said kimmel doesn't eat 2 days a week and thought the same thing.
. laziness is the unemployed alcoholic uncle of invention!
is the underrated tool of master designers
and cute too
thank you love
what distinction are you making between the angular 1 source code and library?
you might say that the compiler is part of the library, but not necessarily part of the source code
p.s. i see ur governor is in the news.
yay!!!! christmas came early!
jeffrey used to torture children in an israeli prison for a living.
delete this! jeffrey fought for his people in the idf against palestinian terrorists who were given high tech weapons from iran!
for sure! i'm pretty sure christian hears me geek about tpg on a regular basis and may have been the inspiration for that tweet.
lol. that's wild dude. small world
pricing below the last round is not the end of the world by the same token, nor are ratchets
if you survive by definition it's not the end.
and then after my nose, belly button
okay.. id have to get mine first though to show her the benefits
thank you and you're the best, just saying. like literally your existence is a blessing.
no you're the best i love you so much! you bring me so much joy!
the last thing on my mind is what the friggin football coach would have done with a vague 2nd hand story. facts, not fiction
the only people in the country, save a few, who believe the "friggin coach" didn't know live in happy valley. how is that?
reading about the holy roman empire. one word: epicfail
donald trump would have made the holy roman empire great again. it's would have been huuuge and holllllllly
i'm rediscovering a different kind of stroke these days. is it the norm to write below the line?
yes, this is how it is written. the nagari alphabet looks like over-enthusiastic kids hanging from a mon...
nah that one can be split uk? he buy it you wash
wow, a girls dream eh
i met one family last year who came from syria and are now in pa. they had a son with special needs.
totally valid to have concerns about vetting. whole other thing to demonize and slander an entire group of people, as trump has done.
nooooo astoria's burnside biscuit is closed :(
i thought they were just pivoting to bbq? guess not! the pomeroy fried chicken is where it's at though.
really interesting - i think of making disciples as very different from conversionism but wonder if ppl conflate?
not sure how "making disciples" changes the sentencing laws at the state level to make "felonies" more restrictive.
which vault are your items in? current watch app only support primary vault. overhaul of the app is in the works.
primary, it's the only one i have. synced with dropbox.
home is 1hr drive later back to jersey from a friend... be grateful
i'm blaming you for this loss
lol who financed the marky mark deepwater horizon flick
same people who financed sully-hanks
still think bo dallas needs to eventually snap and get pulled into the wyatts with his bro
i was just thinking about how his weird raven poems are slowly moving him towards a good wyatt run.
i didn't even fully charge my phone last night, and i got through the entire day with 40% to spare
this gives me so much hope
donald trump is a shyster
chumps for trump
what we're numbers in wondo for last game?
worst grade according to not going to win if dawkins &amp;wondo struggle
what distinction are you making between the angular 1 source code and library?
same with jsx; there's a compiler involved, but it's not part of the react source.
trump: fbi "didn't want to get sued" by rahami's "litigious" family, "so they didn't put him on the terror list." what?
loves those conspiratorial theories, appeal to the superstitious and credulous. political correctness theme
forest path originally blazed by walt whitman worn down by over a century of travelers
i bet whitman blazed more than a trail out there if u catch my drift brah
i will be hiking with this coming saturday and speaking on monday. come say hi...
so cool! where's the weekend hike? is my alma mater
marshawn lynch is pro-refugee
are you kidding me! he's eating them!
i saw this, i'm so excited to watch it
svu was my favorite show and i was like 12 lol.
ur huddled masses yearning to b free. he doesn't know any of it
he thinks the statue of liberty should be coated in gold leaf
we arent in ny yet! but sign up for our newsletter to get the latest locations updates
do you think we could be your ny brand ambassadors? and i have always wanted to eat the ball!
the salesforce+saastr dreamforce experience! via
cool. oracle's the first major besides ibm (softlayer) to do high perf bare metal aas. if it works could get good traction.
yea stop seeking... they in la now we will be great in a bit
lol ily dude you gotta cop 2k for p4
for preaching and speaking engagements email me at 1edwardlcage.com
set your mind on things above, not on things on the earth. for you died, and your life is hidden with christ in god. colo.3:2-3
so would bebop! my man!!! lol!!!!
lol of course, gotta love him! good thing i mentioned it to you!
i really need to start watching football games on mute
i was wondering if anyone else caught that smh
please check with the store manager at that location. -jr
hey travis and i are passing by your shop in rocklin california. can we come by to record underwater footage thursday?
i don't know what happened, but i am easily getting 2x the battery life on ios 10 as i was on ios 9. nice work, apple!
that sounds like one of those "something was terribly wrong before" situations :p
i'm honestly debating spending $300 on a stuffed animal version of my dog
that's too close to taxidermy for me
i miss the hood though
i miss running into you randomly
the rodney king? huh? tamra doesn't know her cultural references.
she really doesn't.
my printer's power button is an actual power button, so simply turning it off works. xd
i had to press mine 50 times for it to stop printing and turn off.
we love it too! read it here:
i like 's definition of snobbery: "i'd rather look up to others than look down on myself."
more dead bees in today, thanks to spraying! we are being poisoned
i hate satanists
great i'm about to download it can i call into that show
call in every day, i am on at noon et to 1 number is 844-84-fntsy
literally same
lol wow, twins?
my heart broke when we put her to sleep, your good advice about the eclipse helped me make that painful decision, txs susan
oh ellen, i am so sorry to hear that you no longer have your little cat. we know nothing of life...we must have faith.
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
does this same candy math apply to a random handful of you and your siblings?
btw, i still haven't finished watching sunday's episode of so i'll probably have to discuss with you tomorrow about it
then why are you still tweeting me, when you should be viewing that awesome episode right now woman? lol!!!
psa: rxjs observables don't do anything until you subscribe, then they set up observers and a subscription and the observable itself is done
... observables aren't really the observer pattern either, (observers &amp; subjects) rather they connect observers to subjects.
anyway i lost my wallet on friday and hopefully i left it at work so stay tuned for joy or sadness
well not there and work was awful, usually id buy myself a bottle of wine :) but :) i :) lost :) my :) wallet :) so :)
dont go sensitive feminist on me here lmaoooo enough of those
why you think i being condescending ? aa
true but none should be bad, there are ways of testing people before hiring them.
unfortunately they are not using those tests nor are they condemning the officers actions
she could be great but is she "buy you fifa 17 great?"
it really don't matter if she gets stuff for me or not. she still great, but you offended her with what you said
it's quiet in there. lemme here you screamin!!!
i'm already losing my voice
cory bernardi tells he thinks the us will do pretty well if donald trump becomes president
what a moron.
i wonder if my charming friends are in town, yet.
wearing my invisible cloak!
cinemadonna: "i'm going to tell you a secret": via
i can't believe it's over, will there be some new pop star cinema retrospective to take its place?
then why are you still tweeting me, when you should be viewing that awesome episode right now woman? lol!!!
because i'm watching monday night football
that's how you know wentz will be great. regardless of penalty, carson will drop dimes while getting drilled.
kinda early to crown his ass
dansby swanson two-run single vs. hansel robles, who inherited bases loaded from josh edgin. 7, 2, top 7
thanks d-backs stupid asses for trading this prick to our division
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
skittles does not approve this message
i shared it on my blog's fb page too. hope it gets you a little more traffic!
thanks again
doubling up creates friction &amp; possible tears. no ty, no
(i can be ur research assistant)
that sounds like one of those "something was terribly wrong before" situations :p
that's my guess, but still
so beautiful in person, fsu can't get here soon enough
i already ordered mine and thank god i did, fanatics is almost sold out.
baby boomers tell millennials they're unqualified meanwhile they can barely retain the basic computer skills required of entry level jobs
prime example: govt filled w baby boomers waiting 2 retire, county/state websites look like they were designed on windows 95
nah i'm actually a piece of shit. at least i'm here to water my cactus once in a while i guess
what the hell r u even going on abt omg ur just feeding the troll
goodnight moon and goodnight you
is this from a song?
the last thing on my mind is what the friggin football coach would have done with a vague 2nd hand story. facts, not fiction
people who think they're good people will do anything to protect their inherent right to keep believing they're good people
are there any open days left in calendar that we could squeeze in an international cleavage day?
i call soft porn by 2019 :d
if ur competing and somethjng goes wrong in the middle of your race/event/play whatever u do (idk!?) ur teammates/school still depend on u
but that shit takes a toll on your body and your mind!!!!!!!!!! mentally and physically draining!!!school becomes as exhausting as ur sport!
i am buzzing! thank you so much for making my dream come true.
and i caught a foul ball from mike conforto...met night has been incredible
i used to watch this all the time. lol i know they did a few other films. i think they were known as the barbarian brothers.
yes!!! i first saw this as a teenager. the scene where they cut their way out from inside a dragon never gets old.
gruden's man crush on wentz is in the red zone.
love that he's "accountable". like what nfl player isn't?
good answer. lol!!!
it's football season...love watching all the games
feed your inner child in healthy ways. feels so good to the soul.
adults think that growing in age means forgetting how to play. no. play!
wanted to thank everyone for being so patient with us with the ups and downs during our move and overall delays.
think we could get a completion re-estimate?
spacemacs is amazing
i'm not sure if i just don't get it because i don't get emacs, or if i'm just too used to my custom vim setup
oohhhh snap that amanda knox doc on netflix tho
sept 30. mark your cals
i'm sure a few islamophobes and zionists joined in..at the end of the day made the right decision
omg. i can't even. you are entitled to your own opinion, but not to your own facts.
re-upping for don jr twitter: he said his mom had "great boobs" when he toasted her at her wedding
the whole family is sick, deranged, and are sociopaths.
i'm unsubscribing. purely due to the way you talk about white people. like that isn't also racism and generalisation.
it's not racism tho
thx to , now following (pres &amp; managing partner, ) also added her to my vcs list:
( ) also check her out on pod w/
or is the plan to put every vaguely shady person on the terrorist watch list?
if it's like the no-fly list you won't be able to even get confirmation you're on it, let alone try to get off it. just perfect
why can't she come running into my house!?!?
what's up bro how you been
you need some so just imagine it's yixing and fuck it up
do you want me dead
a3 humans make the best typos.
if i checked led for typos is never get a tweet out
blaming my friend with the tix who has been to 6 games this year... 0-6
he killing my 8-2 record
wait ... what?
get out of town, really?
invisible inc is great.
alrighty i'll give it a shot then.
lot of legit followers on my wall like
even if the challenge stands, thanks for all the winners nb, but most of all the hilarious handling of the trolls
hey , this is one of the millions of children you compared to a poisoned skittle today:...
thank you, jon. it's clear that the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. what an ugly family.
when someone is killed unjustly, nobody wants to hear how somehow his actions were resposible. he didnt deserve to...
i couldn't agree more.
i'm just a "friendly" kid that try's
someone cares a little lmfao
time to clear up those tequila myths, once and for all.
remember it never happened unless you post the pictures
a major feat for me would be hacking american netflix all by myself. i've tried so many times...
don't bother it doesn't even have the good wife lol
spacemacs is amazing
i'm not sure i really get the benefit over a well-customized vim setup
this is disgusting.
they are all sick and deranged sociopaths.
just a normal day on campus
wait the girl in the back of the second pic went to hs with me wtf
reid i will throw hands in history class rn
i'm waiting
adults think that growing in age means forgetting how to play. no. play!
find people you can be silly with. bonus if one of those people is your lover.
i have watched it so much my kids are you watching bones again!! i say why yes i am!
i talked about bones so much, that my fam, is getting a little bit tired.
the service was never great and the food was hit or miss but their cocktails were good and reasonably priced. rip
come drink at my house instead. i'm right near by &amp; have better liquor. knows!
don't be so hard on yourself
don't treat myself unfairly
i'm tired. i'm tired. i'm tired. hashtags, marches, it's exhausting being black.
yessss! soo much mentallyy.. i be telling ppl. its mandatory to take a black mental health day. it's hard out here bro.
maybe it's because it's fresh, but the phone 7 plus battery is insane. i'm at 63% and have been on my phone since 7am.
ok, leaving the office &amp; my phone is at 56%. normally i would be 2 full charges in.
-proceeded to drive the utensil towards papyrus's mouth.]
delicious!!! and wowie!! what is this innovative tool you have there!?
"literally" stacked
literally literarily
she's your queen.....to ?
queen bees are often 'sweet sticky things'
don't worry, you're a good person and you don't dress like a sporty marshmallow
also, my good personhood is definitely on a sliding scale
.: we need agents in muslim communities to spot these things.
we had agents until mr. deblasio decided to implement his liberal political correctness and take that all the way
random ios 10 tidbit: wear and tear on flash storage from nsuserdefaults is down about 75% on average. mostly due to daemons using it better
you da real mvp!
sign me up! happy to help if i can!
awesome! also you can actually sign yourself up at right now if you want!
u shd get a new kitty! i'll kittysit
we really really really really shouldn't we have two kindergartners and a crabby old mangey cat
am i the only one feeling overwhelmed by the feeling of hopelessness that comes from seeing how hateful our citizens are?
i know what you mean :(
looks fine in official client
oh yeah my point was that he couldn't finish the last word lol
find people you can be silly with. bonus if one of those people is your lover.
do the things you enjoyed as a kid. eat your favorite foods. sing your favorite songs.
i'll definately be picking this up when i get a chance! i saw it in the theater! much better than it's predacessor!
me too &amp; i saw it in the movies as well, but agreed it's def better by far :d
caught again! second time . shame they feel they can't abide by the rules &amp; win
looong list of cheating here -
random ios 10 tidbit: wear and tear on flash storage from nsuserdefaults is down about 75% on average. mostly due to daemons using it better
i want to offer ios 10 tidbits too!
i accept craig in the role but no. if craig is effective at all it's because of the long shadow of 60's connery. cr...
pretty much true
you and truth known each other a long time lol
someone photoshop some paint on em lol
if you are in op and like mudpie bakery, i've got another place: cupcake ala mode on the plaza. best. cupcake. ever.
mmmm, their flavors look delicious. wish they were vegan! :)
the amount of times leonard nimoy tells michael eisner stories in the star trek iii director's commentary makes it worth watching.
i have the blu-ray...will chek it out!
we need to talk about your taste in scarves.. c
just too adorable
all bryant does is 2k this, 2k that, like where is my attention.
he didnt give you the 2k contract?
take your filter off and you can't look up anything without being eyeball deep in it.
nah, the filter stays on lol. i don't need to see all that hahaha.
is that what happened to you haha
no hahaah he told me he'll give me a break and any other cop that would've done that
it's deeply concerning that hawaii has the most expensive rental housing in the nation. we must close the gap.
rent is usury tulsi.owners can keep their deeds,but4system we must develop real rent 2 equity models to reverse'08
weekly investor updates aren't a horrible idea, at least up to $20m arr or so that way, there are absolutely, positively, no surprises
yep. have done 101 weekly updates so far, though i understand 400 line weekly updates aren't common?
really enjoyed browsing through this
thanks! it hasn't been updated in a few years now but i appreciate the kind words :)
"shared privately" annotations on photos from this event mean seek permission first, but are quite nice
ah! excellent lead that's really kind of you
thanks so much guys!
its been raining all day
many people think going all the way this year. do you agree?
i asked myself that after the 3rd yankee game. are the sox scrappy or the best? my answer: not surprised if they win it all.
no, when i mean source, i mean the runtime source being executed in the browser, not part of cli tools.
huh. delivering a compiler to the browser and using it to compile other code delivered to the browser... doesn't make sense
1. don't compare refugees to skittles 2. in your dumb analogy - had the skittles been vetted for 2 yrs, i'd feel ok
creation of database is not vetting. an established database 2 refer 2 is. w/ advisors like this no wonder...
i'm not defending what happened to crutcher, i'm just saying they were different circumstances.
yes, very different, but we've seen other examples of clearly dangerous people (charleston &amp; aurora shooters) also taken alive.
thank you so much. i'll be sure to send you a copy once the paper comes out
if love a copy too! one of my favorite talks
oh yeah that was on purpose
yeah...mikku does that to people
and here is the campaign's readout from clinton's earlier meeting tonight with japanese pm abe:
transparency vs privacy. got it?
kat r spreading hate
no shes not lol
you kinda just like, suck. i really don't know what to tell you man.
@ me next time
lopez jay cutler is trash
we must be watching two different jay cutlers
no dude!!! send me the link!!!
mentioned u in the video !
eagles about to win. but alshon jeffery needs to score a td so i can win this week in fantasy
lol you beat me, but never again
mary's response to me never seeing dirty dancing: "you're so stupid" "who raised you" "i've never met anybody so stupid"
i've never seen it either.
this is homophobic sean, calling walt whitman blazing aka flaming? really?
i'm sorry do gay ppl not know about weed yet
weekly investor updates aren't a horrible idea, at least up to $20m arr or so that way, there are absolutely, positively, no surprises
though those are internet exec@ that board gets a copy of, with a summary header and call-outs/feedback requests.
yes. the number of hashtags have their place!
if you need a rule for number of hastgs you have too many
... observables aren't really the observer pattern either, (observers &amp; subjects) rather they connect observers to subjects.
... observables are a factory to connect the observer and subject through a chain of other observers.
you brought up playgirl...what did you expect?
i didn't bring up playgirl!!! that was gg!!!
i got atif in this concert for the sole purpose of showing how 2 artistes, especially from 2 conflicting countries, shud put up a great show
that is what we need, respect for each other.
not sure, you didnt specify which pill you were takin earlier
think you should ask my doctor
omg starting my rainy monday with the ever glowing and wise susan miller!
this such a cute picture! i want a copy! somehow! so funny to meet you as i was ordering scrambled eggs on a roll!
it's a political statement. should say something, soon
they really should.
checking to see if the new character count feature is in effect. also, a brag about my desk swag...
appears to be working beautifully. desk swag =
chopping onions got my eyes watery as fuck
what you cooking
obama just jumped the shark! personal insult to his legacy? the black community is treated like sheep by democrats.
how much longer till we don't see this man ever again?
. you're a fucking disgrace
what is this was your kid?!
@ me next time
nah you're an angel
why are black ones more money than white ones?
black ones cost more to make lmao
oh i thought it was because your client cut off at the m
oh no i already know that my client isn't updated for thsi new feature yet
what you need to do is take a nap and refuckinglax.
lmao u ain't even lying
being able to not shave and it's not a huge deal.
that's incorrect. lol
dog ate mt beauty blender and now he threw it up hahah lil shit
i saved you the piece he threw up
saw the same thing. not dirty... but ouch!
big break for the eagles but a terrible looking injury
do the things you enjoyed as a kid. eat your favorite foods. sing your favorite songs.
i wanted to be an artist as a kid, so i spent all weekend dancing in the car, giggling in public museums, &amp; eating treats with my beau...
random ios 10 tidbit: wear and tear on flash storage from nsuserdefaults is down about 75% on average. mostly due to daemons using it better
(it's entirely typical that efforts to optimize frameworks are dwarfed by changing clients to use them differently. so it goes.)
just bought this off amazon to store my weed in. excited would be an understatement.
like a myst puzzle irl
this dude is hard as fuck
he need some milk
over 100 yea but cops out here wouldn't, i went 102 and had 6 people in a 5 seater and the let me go with a ticket
dude was trippin. i was going 93 and he told me that
he also got sucker punched after some bullshit punches too
when you see a threat you eliminate it. that sucker punch saved the lives of at least 4 people.
some fairly intense looking gens d'armes floating in tiny boats around the un today.
there was also a little black spot on the sun today.
everyone here is from li it's weird
my whole feed on insta is ppl from your school that i went to hs with posting pics with farm animals
you made me watch this boring ass video for 2 minutes
you a tweak that was really crazy
this is why hillary will lose. she has the same "i am better and smarter than everyone" complex that you seem to have.
so you'd rather be dumber with trump? that makes sense.
right there with you ken. all about people. imagine if we could remove the silo walls &amp; truly connect
are people. quarterly number?
if she didn't have all that lipstick on her teeth,perhaps i could take her seriously..
something wrong bout her!!
what's your solution? if it's sitting during the national anthem you care more about attention than change
you're a fucking moron if you think this is about attention. don't @ me anymore. insensitive prick.
idk with that mohawk he could be hippunksheamus. lol
how about hippo shemus?
are you traveling domestically or internationally? ^jr
hi jr, domestically. but i paid about 300 more for 1st class and usually that allows you entry into the lounge at least.
do you ever feel like your consciousness has just been jammed into a semi autonomous meat drone that just ... does stuff?
tom...tom...tom...jesus yes...all the time
essentially it's great if you're not a purist and just want to get something done
i guess. haven't come across anything that strikes me as being easier, there. only thing i want is org-mode
anyone got a recommendation for a good, casual iphone game that requires no network? need something to play when bored on the train.
i've probably played a couple hundred hours of the the ascension single-player
i tried to commit suicide today smh never doing that shit again i almost killed myself
whaaaat are you okay?!
you made me watch this boring ass video for 2 minutes
mother nature is no joke
you like my pizza when its for free tho right?
you like anything when it's free
what is he showing her, that he revives?
oh, i hope so! as long she doesn't have the same effect on him as
ohhhh moyo went to blue bottle!
she got cocoa not coffee though...
so obvious the moronic mayor couldn't put 2 and 2 together
: it took him a while, but he finally was told by a sanitation worker and kindergartener that it was terror
. what do you know of racism?
all colors here, ma'am. our communities have been torn apart by the policies of the clintons.
it's been 1 yr since this q, so women/marginalized folks in music--have things changed for you in the past year? wh...
i retired from music but/and have been pumped to see more women have platforms on all sides of the industry and be loud. growth.
i wanted to be an artist as a kid, so i spent all weekend dancing in the car, giggling in public museums, &amp; eating treats with my beau...
i'm so bright it's blinding.
get out of bounds there kid......don't be a hero....
the entire bar just went oooooooh
fans! have a question for ? we're talking to her on tonight @ 11/10c! tweet your questions now!
does shannon realize all she does is say "are you kidding me?"
well yeah. she didn't push it because it was obvious bs. trump on the other hand made his political career based on...
that's exactly right. she never even came close to this garbage. and yet they keep lying about it
bo is weird xd
i love him. in fact i'm wearing his shirt right now coincidentally!
but that shit takes a toll on your body and your mind!!!!!!!!!! mentally and physically draining!!!school becomes as exhausting as ur sport!
but us athletes push through o ya until we literally cant go any longer you bet your ass we'll keep pushin
whether he served or not, he's still better candidate for babies 2 survive pregnancy in the safest place on earth: womb.
complex issue. glad you figured it all out.
(it's entirely typical that efforts to optimize frameworks are dwarfed by changing clients to use them differently. so it goes.)
wait, someone had to write nsuserdefaults???
. shatters gop records by "empowering the grass roots &amp; railing against the elite" via
"railing against the elite?"
tfw none of the new starguardian skins are mids
i know. that makes me sad.
"all that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream." edgar allan poe c
wonderful photography
reminder: suicide squad officially outdoing winter soldier at the box office doesn't mean it's a better movie
wait what it did?!?
there's a reason why some of us are leery about women doing certain jobs but progress or something.
because male cops haven't been quick on the trigger?
they just hadn't reformed enough yet. lol!
no, they just didn't follow the perversions of the zwinglians to create a new sect of christianity. lol!
if you cough/sneeze/spit loudly in public, i will move away from you
yes its because im disgusted but if you sneeze its cause im not tryna be sick in these streets
tom...tom...tom...jesus yes...all the time
my next thought after sending this tweet was "i should probably learn react"
your qb ain't thrown for 4000 yards since he was with the broncos. and has made 1 pro bowl
tweets &gt; facts. numbers and accolades dont tell the whole story.
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
your dad let the guy who blew up pan am 103 pitch a tent in his yard.
or i could write an entire blog explaining how abugidas work vs standard alphabets, with diagrams
both? seriously though, i would love help with pronouncing names.
yahoo! sports: brissett now needs to prepare for texans on thursday (the associated press) -
we new that yesterday
anyone got a recommendation for a good, casual iphone game that requires no network? need something to play when bored on the train.
and it's a dominion-style deck builder!
what happens when you assume? you get burned.
the way you assume all new yorkers live in a bubble? i've lived in midwest, and out west. but you know better. cuz you're you.
loves me and i think that's really life goals
who needs boys when we have each other
2/2 don't be rude just because you are. also i struggle with twitter limitations lol!
i would disagree that i was rude. have a nice night.
right now there is a very tense phone call taking place between a social media intern and a mid-ranking skittles/wrigley company executive.
"wait, that's the reason we're trending? oh dear god..."
it'll be a high-noon showdown on for our opener oct. 1:
9am, fellas!
the sleeper skittles are pretty obvious tbqh no need to put all the colors thru the ringer
purple yellow and orange.
there's these group of high schoolers at the waterpark flipping their water bottles over and over and screaming ohhhhhh every 2 minutes
that's low key me
this depends on the type of the observable (hot vs cold)
it actually doesn't. a "hot" observable still does nothing. its data producer is alive, but the observable itself is just a function
so much nostalgia! bebop and rocksteady! the technodrome!! the old cartoon theme song during the credits! cowabunga!!!
haha right, you've got the nostalgia going on in here :o but i loved how they featured all of the classic tmnt stuff!
stolen from ...awesome piece by that i definitely would have missed otherwise
also thank you from whom i stole it
send me some to my gmail at yungmoneyusa4
hey hyd chck these beats
netflix and chill.. today has been crazy.. photoshoot/editing/k2k stars/bootcamp xx
phootshoot and teaching ugh how do you do it u lucky girl
i've been going through each blu-ray watching at least one commentary (some have 2) &amp; special features.
i have the original motion pic coll. need to bring em back out. love st:iv voyage home best. "double dumb ass on you"
thanks for stopping by
my pleasure bud. it was fun :)
i am so ready for her to find out though!
i'm enjoying her not knowing right now...
just to maybe make this fandom a little bit more bearable !
preach and so true
2/2 you will receive an email with tracking information. did you have any other questions about your order? *eag
when it ships, is it sent overnight mail?
why is national treasure 3 taking so long? america needs it. what else could nicolas cage possibly be doing?
working on the google chrome nicholas cage extension
any other changes / optimizations you can share that you are particularly proud of?
thread starting here
right now: "skittles" are trending. one week from right now: first
adding phrase "taste the rainbow" to my debate drinking game.
lol only my own i guess
same, &amp; with infinite potential to ruin it even better!
it's super frustrating to see regina's relationships determined by a marriage that she was forced into and had heavily
this one most especially
jurassic falls jarrod castaing via
absolutely beautiful
the mind reels...
jr. is a sick and deranged sociopath like father like son.
bad enough to be thrown in a figurative basket as "deplorables". you pull "racist" charge out your arse.
well, if it talks racist, and it acts racist, and people cheer mightily at its racist ideas, it's probably a duck, you know?
now i know it's totally worth it to make the drive.
it soooo is their holiday stuff is so amazing this year hands down best ever imo!! always remember you can sample most things!
this might legitimately be one of the most moronic things ever tweeted during this election cycle. top 5, at least.
we don't blindly grab immigrants in bundles and throw them into u.s. w/o background checks. dumbass comparison.
sometimes it's a good kink+art dj too and i'm just like,, you got me this time, blmatsu &gt;:'^( now stop!!!
i'll just make kink art of generic anime
ios10 lockscreen is trash
i stay swiping right feeling like a fool smh
i was just there! the moma is amazing too :)
sorry that we missed each other! the moma is on my list!!
distraction after distraction after distraction sis s.
oh no!! that's not good...by the time you see it, episode 9 will be out! lol!
i get your point. and respect the thought. but don't they want him alive for information?
i'm glad he was taken alive. it's the other case that's the problem.
automatic faucets that actually give you time to wash off the soap.
i always find the one that never works anyway
stairmaster misery. i'm a badass. ugh.
i'm sweating seeing those stats
yes its because im disgusted but if you sneeze its cause im not tryna be sick in these streets
people who spit in public are people who use the bathroom and dont wash their hands
i find the visual glimpses of hell more interesting than the full film. it's been years since i've watched it
i was at a movie marathon where that was the last film. sadly it didn't start till like 3am. couldn't stay awake
i hope this is a hockey reference.
it happens to me every month like clockwork.
in honor of bi visibility week, i want to pose this question: what's one issue facing the bi+ community that doesn't get enough attention?
that literally no one talks about bi men
apparently it's not possible to have a mobile report and a paginated report of the same name in 2016.
what about power bi files and excel files? just curious.
i'm alex nice to meet you we only fux w l&amp;b out here
i'm jay aka jaymoney from ridgewood queens nice to meet you as well! we should def go on a l&amp;b date !
happy monday from salmon!
god damn it, now i have to deal with two keesler's and their "good morning / happy monday" shit ?
i'm so bright it's blinding.
to me that's equally a part of self-love as spending time alone. love yourself enough to do things that you love with people that love you.
i mean you could have totally just stayed
i was so close to doing that you have no idea
google/apple/facebook or elon musk can one of you please make smart contacts that highlight sentences and phrases in my physical books.
i tried to press my finger on a word in a real book to define it but it didn't work
woof. bad timing for an ad.
perhaps they chose an awful name for their company
tell me where this is so i can go there every single morning when i'm there
i've never been to blue bottle in japan but apparently they have several locations...i don't know where moyo is
@ the plain white dudes in tech who call every other app "revolutionary":
if you move to the us absolutely come to the ny tech scene. sf is full of dongs touting things that violate this
kind of a waste of good skittles, tho:
my understanding is, there might be some bad ones in there, so it's important to throw them all.
thotty autty
stop calling me that
i'm told after the debates.
too bad trump is refusing those...
i had it listed on ebay. anyone had a shot at it. :-)
i know.... i know.... (just havin some fun while our lose... sigh)
1 year after planned parenthood exposed selling baby parts, have we accomplished anything?
all your love for the unborn has not gone unnoticed! knowing that your labor is not in vain in the lord. 1 corinthians 15:58b
data connection you mean? exactly my problem with the 6s. got better after a week i guess.. not sure.
yeah, it drops and doesn't come back until i restart the phone. sigh.
our first year anniversary dinner and we can't get in because the president is there
thanks obama
all these people keep blaming me. i didn't bring up burt reynolds! ok!?!
i didn't either!!
i just finished off a 4oz bag of m&amp;ms all on my own. so i guess you could say things are going really well for me.
you should write a true crime article on that! ;)
so fun to share exercise activity on but what does it say about my life that the only ppl i'm sharing w is...
it says everything!
people out here recommending the big bang theory on netflix like it's not on tv more than kim kardashians ass.
the get down!
it's 8pm why am i still in class
you're class is 7-10 don't complain
oh no!! that's not good...by the time you see it, episode 9 will be out! lol!
or at least . lol!!!
i said will be, didn't say now or soon
played 6 quarters of nfl football and he's john elway
well at least he got his 3-4 week reigns as wwe world champion...
true...but that was terrible lol
was it your thought though really? or were you just there when it happened?
meatself is tired
to me that's equally a part of self-love as spending time alone. love yourself enough to do things that you love with people that love you.
...as i eat this cookie &amp; watch a cartoon movie.
what's up with ucsc alums in comedy? merrill college in the huzzouse
all glory to doug holsclaw
ever notice every 4 yrs the libs start their racist rhetoric? been going on for decades. think a...
and the only ones it hurts &amp; does no good for are the black american's
does it have to be fully upgraded toget the new one orwhat? i never got rid of mine.
it will be the upgrades version.
and it's a dominion-style deck builder!
in portrait mode, there's lost cities
or at least . lol!!!
not at this pace lol!
a2 (cont.) i decided against going to law school once i realized it wasn't what i actually loved.
yesss! in undergrad i applied to 14 law schools &amp; i had to let that go. it just wasn't for me
the diamondbacks moronic front office shifted the future balance of power in the nl. dansby swanson is going to be a superstar.
wrong total scrub
just a reminder that the board of supes hates transit and shouldn't be allowed anywhere near the sfmta board
not all supes hate transit. we have no bigger supporter than i see him on muni all the time
dance party before school! and ava
shes exciting
all colors here, ma'am. our communities have been torn apart by the policies of the clintons.
we don't need to call hrc as an individual racist, non-racist people do racist things all the time.
i wonder how big of a change it is system wise/api wise. like images not counting doesn't sound that impressive w
i think some third party clients just have a hard limit so that's why they did this for backwards compatibility
this sounds like something i should know about already
it's our new way of flowering people in sf now
yall be talking about white ppl and whoever else and i'm just like
im screaminggg somali men and bengali men look exactly the same too
barry o bomb a
that's precious. did you think of that yourself? bless your heart.
100% of newborns can't read or write. why should we subsidize their education?
i'm forced to subsidize other people's kids.
totally get that. i would say disciples are those who would be concerned w such things. interested in how ppl define
yeah, that's exactly the unhelpful, passive thinking we've been talking about. that doesn't change policy tomorrow.
lawrence, this link better outlines our rules and regulations: ^jr
will reading it help me get into the club lounge cause i'm a first class customer? like every other airline allows?
i'm told after the debates.
last i checked anyhoo. *reads*
but twitter always announces these things as though they're announcing a new iphone
it's kinda annoying but eh clients will update eventually
you lost me at the first thread
they r slightly different
pro of having stretch earlobes: it looks cute con of having stretch earlobes: it smells like unwashed vagina
i sound so dumb cause i didn't add the ed after stretch
ooooh! cool stuff! i need to get some wraslin shirts haha.
which would you get??
at around 1 year old babies naturally speak avatarese
dude, it's called navi.
!!! thank you i'm so sorry that's all i can give u guys for now but this just shows it's truly truly on its way!!!!
i give up on u
more people should take discrete mathematics because the first thing it teaches is "'if p then q' is not the same as 'if q then p'"
sufficient and necessary, god
that better not be ranch fucking dressing i see there.
i don't use that shit man, it's there for plating
i wish most people thought this way! hashtags are misused often.
i can't make other people do anything so i just do what i do as best i can
pretty sure i lost the glasses though.
yer still the babliest babe tho!
haha. not a good night to be a mets fans
but a way better night to be a fan than a fan lol
where's the weed when i really need it
you don't need it
just saw this..fresh as fuck.
ayeeee thanks!
exec: most lyft rides will be in autonomous cars in 5 years
i guess we won't need those rapeugees after all.
then this happened after a very grey day in . ...
beautiful and i missed it
and it's a dominion-style deck builder!
and there's also the sequence
we the people need 2 take a stand against ## hillary! enough w/the lies! enough with the shenanigans! sen...
her lawyers should be disbarred &amp; along with her it men s/b arrested.
rice and eggs for breakfast amirite?
you copying me. amiright
hillary is a criminal, a liar, and a thief, as is her husband. trump loves america, will enforce immigration, and is decent human.
i'm not a hillary fan. trump is last thing from a decent human. oh, and he's lived in that "bubble" u call nyc his whole life.
acne can lead to deeper infections as well. srs can prevent suicide (suicide rate in tg people is double)
can prevent through increased quality of life
well now i need several drinks. thanks a lot, .
just in time for the high holy days. lets drink wine and eat apples with honey, i fear a trump presidency.
i should've won you cheat
hell no. you haven't beat me once. i should have won!
why is anyone even listening to him? much less repeating his statements.
i'm torn between ignore=tacitly-condone and denounce=more-audience
who wants? x
i'm there for you gf too clean out both creampies during &amp; or afterwards,the deeper in the better for both of us ( c ;
1 more reason not to vote for trump, is junior's penchant for pontificating using stupid, absurd metaphors-- like g...
aren't you in florida? if so, we know you don't want trump...so just come out and endorse hillary already, please! :-)
no smile at them silly bear
no it doesn't work that way
glad plans shared by each candidate at va. candidates forum. thanks ...
say hello to my fellow student association leader for me.
hard limit huh. that sounds like bad design on the client part w
yeah lol but i've seen some bad code so..
wtf! the new roi raid weapons are just re-skinned ttk weapons. seriously the raid weapons are supposed to be unique. that's just being lazy.
and you wonder why i don't care for raid stuff
gigi hadid asked for netflix recs on twitter and of the first four people who responded only two listed anything that's available on netflix
this is the moment i realized how hard it must be to be famous
my mom is so adorable she's such a blessing
stop acting like you're the favorite
explain how
racism is not &amp; has never been just name calling, it's always been backed by a system
marina is subscribed to my moms facebook updates.........
this isn't normal??
i got a prime ass good morning tweet locked and loaded, everyone is gonna love it.
i'm not even lowkey starting to look forward to them.
or when your to scared to say it
that only happens to you
no smile at them silly bear
petty af rn
i don't want to help them with their messaging but a better analogy would have been if there were m&amp;m's randomly mixed in
*peanut* m&amp;ms
its lit, everything about it is better
needs a dark mode fam.
time to call in an expert
or you could just ask her
this dude has nikes therefore no children are dying
"christian." smdh.
that's it? i'd think it be a higher multiple
- "ez pass allows almost twice as many cars through tolls as human collectors"
when you realize bo dallas has more wins in 3 weeks than bray wyatt has all year
that's seriously so sad...it should be the other way around
definitely fit it's on me tho
nonono the first date i'll pay then the second date we pay half half then the third date you pay
what's good
i'm looking for a really good pair of headphones price range 150-250 bucks flexible tho
hillary is a criminal, a liar, and a thief, as is her husband. trump loves america, will enforce immigration, and is decent human.
it's funny how u can denigrate an entire city and forget that your champion has lived his whole life here. he's a libtard, too.
listen to smoke on the water
six feet under
lol some confidence in the session room " ..we dont do it for the prize, we're heroes..." haha what the-?
haha confident!
it's my bday in 2 weeks guys so feel free to start shipping your gifts now. will also accept cash deposits
i was thinking a set of floaties...??
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
you are the worst human
where did ya find these photos!?!
i took it!
ok sure gender's not a factor. i'll be pc for pc sake.
so, gender is sometimes a factor, but race never is?
actually i was gonna correct that b4 my phone died . legend is a lil stretch . both artist up to par
you got it right the first time lol, fab a legend. his mixtape resume at least, album not so much.
if nothing else i feel like we're getting some insight into the dark, lethal games of chance that take place on halloween in the trump house
or worse: "then... some idiot turned on the lights."
can't wait for the 3rd movie!!
same here, too bad we have a while to wait for it though!
dude was throwing judo chops. gotta come at him with everything you got.
you think he got that low to the ground in jest? he was preparing for a spinning back fist.
how do you know api.ai isn't aquihire?
absolutely could be, and not sure api.ai products will live indefinitely, but fills an important gap vs fb &amp; ms
maybe you should not judge me.
she's gonna be judging you forever.
ahhhh fall in san francisco-when the whole city is sticky, and smells like tire fire.
smelled on my walk to&amp;from office/caltrain: rotten food, pee, weed.
if someone with a migraine is in a dark room, do not under any circumstances turn on a light.
i know that feel. i hope you're better soon.
we live! i'm on till 10
damn slight technical error, had to end early
going topless today
absolutely gorgeous allan read.
difference is billy went to a foreign country &amp; is considered a draft dodger, different than an exemption.
billy went to law school. that was draft dodging to a degree, but at least he didn't get 3 exemptions for boo boos on foot.
sleeping and sleeping. i swear about 11 hours every night after a day of doing nothing
maybe you should be tested for mono
i'm so sorry! i wanted to come up and say hi but i was too shy!
next time then!
totally get that. i would say disciples are those who would be concerned w such things. interested in how ppl define
again, a distinction without a difference which leads expanding the text in ways that're inconsistent with exegesis.
i'm in new york until thursday! it's time to explore
yay! i hope i randomly run into you!!!!
your avi is slaying btw
wow thx love u bitch
"relentless pursuit of perfection". dude has 5 nfl quarters under his belt.
hasn't even thrown a td pass against an nfl team and he's john elway already
i'm in that thang boo
yassssss everyone is coming so come with or lol
i just want everyone to start the day off right, that's all.
good morning america !! with your host, kellan
training camp starts today! lets see what i can do with a month
its a work out training camp
dude i looked up 8 o'clock and forgot the "l"
i don't get it lol....
i swear jehovah witness stay knocking on my door and they do not stop talking lmaoooo
they tryna save u
only going if i get to hangout with you
i'll be there
right now there is a very tense phone call taking place between a social media intern and a mid-ranking skittles/wrigley company executive.
after tonight i bet every on twitter will send out a "if trump mentions our brand" crisis management how-to sheet
could you link me this song please im dying on the plane tryna find it
mag.lo - team
we should stay right here, we should lay right here, cause everything is okay right here...
you should stay right here, we should lay right here, cause everything is okay right here.
so how many months in advance does it become appropriate to start planning/getting excited for ur 21st bday
i planned a year in advance. do u boo boo
to hillary's dismay delivers a crushing indictment of the chaos obama &amp; hillary have wrought
i just cant get it in my head that ppl are really supporting her...
gigi hadid asked for netflix recs on twitter and of the first four people who responded only two listed anything that's available on netflix
someone even told her to watch the 1d doc which is not only never on netflix in my life but also rude!!!!!!!!!!
that means he's ten times better than you
negative cause i'm better than you
i've lived in ny. i don't assume. i draw from experience having lived all over in military family.
but you know who i am b/c of where i live. you have no idea who i am. and you started that argument, babe. i didn't.
browns to sign charlie whitehurst
lol what a loser franchise.
geographically that would be hell of course
there she is. :)
a toe-tally riveting, sole-wrenching series
truly incredible :,)
the mind reels...
insane asylum. american psycho
he'll show. but he's already calling foul play and saying he'll be treated unfairly.
well. it is pretty unfair to use facts at a debate...
i really don't know what the bears would do without alshon
be shittier
not all supes hate transit. we have no bigger supporter than i see him on muni all the time
sorry but i didn't see do anything to help us keep mission red so....
so u r in the thinking that racism started w/ the clinton's? get off twitter &amp; get a history book.
her brand of racism is institutional. crime bill? welfare reform? quit being so condescending, geez.
is this good?
congratulations! thanks for making a difference.
the (hopefully) impending libel suit from the skittles people should be a soothing distraction from this shitshow of an election
honestly surprised these aren't m&amp;ms, we all know that things of color all look the same to him...
it is if it's funnier that way, but i was thinking more personal growth
personal growth is the worst.
friendly reminder that booth arrested brennan once. not so friendly reminder we never saw it. but we do have this a...
this one i remembered but the picture when he is handcuffing brennan font remember at all.
here's their other 1. i know they had a part in natural born killers too.
oh shit! forgot all about that one! saw it a few times way back when, but don't remember much about it. gotta check it out.
hated gays...
he hated gays!! just like the rest of supporters. so it stands to reason that trump supporters r terrorists
there's gotta be a side of black beans on that plate, as well.
chef's special, take out your fronts.
. so, wait...explain to me why the family needed asylum from a country that they went back to and visited...
it's a scam -perpetrated by the refugee industrial complex.
i wanna girl who can spoil me &amp; support my dreams
but i live in ct so nvm
the trailer of law &amp; order svu first episode of the new season got me like
thought u would enjoy
enjoyed your imessage write-up, we built a weekend project that lets you draw your own stickers, ha:
thanks. will check it out.
same people who hate ethnics take offense because of hills email issues
and what are hill's email issues? and how is she different from bush or powell, who did same thing
points are points, but the eagles have had more stalled drives through two games than is ideal.
but i thought carson wentz was the new bart starr?
i hung all my clothes in my closet. am i an adult now?
i live out of two suitcases &amp; wore swimsuit top bc i couldn't find a bra yesterday, so by my standards you're killing it!
"you want to give me a good send-off? go vote." -barack obama:
lol blacks are leaving u by droves. u wanna keep them in chains like obama did. he did nothing for his own folks
get upto speed about with me at &amp; learn some cool amazing facts!
wonderful photograph. what inspiration allan read.
sorry but i didn't see do anything to help us keep mission red so....
really? i thought he would of. i'll let him respond
sitting at in the waiver wire in a redraft league. i have gronk and virgil green. is pitta worth the ?
i'd take pitta. if he can stay healthy can be a solid starter
i miss the attitude era. fuck pg. *still watches wrestling religiously*
": i miss the attitude era. fuck pg. *still watches wrestling religiously* " i too miss mideon.
rt to help my guy win the roberto clemente award
follow me nick
our government at work... asleep at the wheel as always.
~isn't it time for you, your siblings, to start puttin' together your run to unseat "king".?!? jisaxin'!!
ok, this should be fixed now. let me know if the problem persists.
i see it up now. love the service -- looking forward to paying for it!
create-react-app's lack of less support makes me explore inline styles - very positive experience. classes named "active" just goes away.
i personally find less and sass to encourage over-specification and over-generated nightmares on large team projects anyhow.
but.....why?
for the coming of our giant alien savior in 2020 obvi
on to the 8th. 7, 2
mets are going to blow the wild card lead too, typical idiot mets
looking forward to this talk on dropbox database
thanks sarah!
how trump could win the white house while losing the popular vote:
getting nervous are we ?
what i wouldn't do to be in najaf on this night
send me some money and you will be there
got it!! is hard online with or without 140 characters!! ;-)
i can't blame my bad on length restrictions
the guy at the top "mark" killed himself like 3 years ago and i been putting him in my routine lately and then th...
everybody felt bad for him i was more concerned about the train
random ios 10 tidbit: wear and tear on flash storage from nsuserdefaults is down about 75% on average. mostly due to daemons using it better
huzzah! photos app's faces processing downloads resources entirely in memory, bypassing nand writes in ios 10 :)
ooh, we love zadie smith! have you read white teeth as well?
not yet, but now it's on my shortlist!
gotta make some killer memories together b's!!
we will for sure!
might you not be willing to set aside your fears and open your bowl--carefully, with diligent security measures--to the suffering skittles?
if suffering skittles are being used for future cheap immigrant labor, no, i wouldn't open that bowl.
"the day i realized it can be smart to be shallow was, for me, a deep experience."
not just today, for me that's the scariest picture i've ever seen !!!
i was going to let the break the story but i have to be my biggest cheerleader so here goes. i'm verified...
congrats! :)
this looks absolutely delicious! are those tomatoes from your own ?
yes indeed! some of the last of the season.
lurking from 38,000 ft in the sky... how is my bh familia this evening?
excited to be in nola in one month!! getting my themes together # nkotbcruise2016
i miss the republican party that was implicitly racist instead of explicitly racist.
i'm convinced this isn't even its final form.
girls. in. cars.
problem: my kld-only girls in cars prototype is 70 cards. i haven't looked at the rest of standard yet.
interesting--you "laughed your ass off" and bad mouthed an alleged bunch of mets fans, but can't find any examples...
this guy needs a new hobby. jesus christ.
just watched !!!
booooooooooooo
sporting my live at the forum tshirt today so... still gay.
love this! my mom is obsessed with :)
. "a man of genius makes no mistakes; his errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery." --
that's no one u recognize
what is the meaning of this
hype through the fucking roof!
ohio is like the nickelback of america.
thought that was craig for a hot sec
do they really
..you don't even know what position that is! lol
not my first pick, my pick of choices available. calling ny liberal and elitist is true, not denigrating.
it's not true. i don't think the mexicans i work with are elitist. or the muslim guy who i buy coffee from. how about the taxi...
so that if they want to start another war the populace will back them up
exactlyyy more people need to catch on!! at this point i trust nothing the government or media says so i question everything.
it's really funny that this commercial is trying to convince us that ben affleck is smarter than us
same guy who effed up his marriage to lovely jennifer garner? yeahhhhh, no.
trump is racist you blind fag
he's not, but you're a homophobic asshole.
yall remember tomori?
who doesn't remember the voice cracking legend
i wanna know so badly who killed jonbennet ramsey
my head was spinning after the dr phil special. so confusing/so many theories
i really just want to be a personal trainer's guinea pig. like if i had the money i would pay! i'm just a broke girl tryna gain some weight
try some ensure &amp; lots and lots of carbs
i miss you too... we gotta get me outta smyrna
the amish have had you for too long....
sick hillary's it guy is going to prison. his immunity deal with not cover his reddit posts. multiple felonies!
jail? no! -i want this sumbitch to sing like a canary
we're happy to answer any questions you have around coverage. dm us when you can. *tjjones
already spoke with you that's why hoping for john to take a look. or some engineer in pa state on twitter?
i know. it will be a tough wait.
it sure will be, but in the meantime at least we have the other movies + the cartoons :)
don't kno who said any of that but ok
sounds like it based on what i'm reading on twitter. good lord.
i'll never be over that fic leslie recommended me i read it often i was so stressed it was beautiful
omg what was it
not my first pick, my pick of choices available. calling ny liberal and elitist is true, not denigrating.
drivers? are they elitist? oh, wait. u mean white ppl. cuz they're the only one who matter, right?
friendly reminder that everyone should stop using "just" when making a case (e.g. it's just that..., i'd just like to say...). be bold!
i use a gmail add on that scolds me when i use it in an email. very handy
of course not. i'd send them and their families back to die in a bloody civil war. like i do with all my candy.
playing candy land just got a whole lot more grim.
i'll be 21 in less than a month and i'm not as excited as i thought i'd be
bc u already do everything a 21 year old should begin to do at that age lol! ur tweet isnt shocking at all lmao
you know gouda cheese is your bae when you start singing love songs to it...
very gooda.
huzzah! photos app's faces processing downloads resources entirely in memory, bypassing nand writes in ios 10 :)
oh and macos sierra does the same too.
the allure of reach robs most digital marketers of depth.
not listening robs most the chance to get their message out
ltc shaffer: "this was a dry run. this was something [ahmad rahami] was trained to do ... this was not a lone wolf....
but, if it was a sleeper cell why was he sleeping in a doorway?
is hillary clinton a corrupt bitch and is trump a dumb fuck ?
poor choices. hillary is all of those things.
agreement is in law. shouldn't hv to be spelled out to a businessman. pastor knew law, he didn't.
you said they broke " their" agreement what was the agreement. not what you think it is. fact
the left reviles conservatives, christians, pro-lifers and gun owners but demands tolerance for islam. .
tolerance is deserved only by muslims who live in this country &amp; love it,&amp; have assimilated. unfortunately they are trapped
actually more than i thought it'd be
no one wins, we all lose
pls rt - major henry segrave got the lsr on 29 march 1927 - 1st run ended up in the sea on beach ;)
how incredible. thanks major oli morgan
good samaritan brings starbucks coffee, treats to nypd and fdny to thank them for their work at 23rd st. explosion.
what's his @
just had to get the thought off my min but i'm good now
come home me &amp; miss u lots
- now the press helicopter is here to reporters
that was fast.
i do -- and it is a game-changer.
it's amazing. life changing experience
all eligible customers must be traveling on an international footnote 1 itinerary or on a p.s. premium service flight. ^jr
well im on an internal is flight that cost $1100 for 2 first class tickets and i can't get into the united lounge. it's just crazy.
cheers to another year of adventure! i can feel that 25 is gonna be my best year yet (thank you guys for all you...
happiest of birthdays, aileen!
legend is a big word g hov , eminem , nas , dre , puff, ice cube , these r legends
poll results speak for themselves bro
judging by my timeline skittles are highly divisive ...even when not deployed in an appallingly racist advertisement
nobody will admit that the green ones really do taste like limes but they do. limes just aren't as great as people think.
do people really feel hillary is better in a terror crisis? i just don't understand it!!!
i dont either, i cant get it in my head and in ny she will really win??? oh lord!
ryan i was literally fucking kidding relax dude
this tweet wasn't about you
muslim migrant youths' reign of terror in shocking footage, europe's growing civil war via pamela ...
look what happened in nj / ny. same is happening in the usa. can't get out of office fast enough.
tfw two of your coworkers are watching videos of a famous *lt-r*ght spokesman unironically :|
pretty sure tf is rage.
go to cds in sf
coming from sj for work i'm trying to drive less than 10 min lol
now imagine the presidential candidates are skittles. one of them is poisonous and the other one is really poisonous. which do you eat?
the one who isn't going to use "skittles" as future cheap labor.
. ok, so that was stephen dedalus in "ulysses"--but you know what i'm sayin'.
"i k ow nothing!" sargen schultz
a lot of scouts i spoke to felt isaac seumalo projected better at center than guard in nfl.
geoff, they still have wisnewski, right?
things i have done in college so far: got my hand stuck in an ice machine fallen out of the shower and halfway out of the stall, naked
been on your school's snapchat story while drenched in rain
in race news: "creating the wire still doesn't give white guy n bomb privileges," say actual black people.
only can render a proper verdict on this. i'm in the "never for white people" group fwiw.
nope but twitter is
thanks for letting me know. why not?!
porcello 21-4. who would of thought
cy young candidate ? has to be
pence seems to think trump, who has a derogatory nickname for all of his rivals, doesn't do name calling.
pence must have read new book "the art of the lie"
unfortunately yes. season 12 will be the final season
that's so wrong.....
omg can u give the breakdown of the at home workout u did the other day, i forgot to screenshot :(((
she did like russian twists crunches sit ups planks
im about to expose these cats like meek did game bro lol
fuck it sometimes you gotta get in ya bag and get ignorant on these niggas
you'd know about this rt : the only guys who buy flowers after cheating are guys who get caught cheating..
you're spam
my game keeps crashing when i go to launch it (galaxy s5)
thats because you have a galaxy ... cmon guy
still can't believe that's what you guys call it
it's great - no quoting of coworker names
the singularity is near.
it's here. you missed it
was feeling spontaneous &amp; risqu so i bought a black see through lace bodysuit. the question is will i ever wear it?
maybe i'll make it more haley-like by putting a large comfy sweater over it
hah: airline attendants announcing that nobody should use a samsung note 7 on this flight.
they did the same on my last two flights
well, in the case of cajal, that would be true hahaha
and every other study of the auditory and vestibular system....
unfortunate that you had to do that for a slow device afterwards.
have read that performance improves over time-- fingers crossed.
if you're cuban &amp; allow your other latinx friends to make fun of your country &amp; you. literally. love. yourself
i'm speaking from experience. i have allowed that shit for years &amp; they would joke i was the only one worth it bc i was quiet
verrette in mets waving the white flag
no doubt about that
oooo, what class is that??
hspm 148! it usually fills up fast but try to get it before you graduate
so when we having that baby ?
when ever im come to bx
i want a balor club shirt. *swoons*
good choice. jericho has a "gift of jericho" shirt now. might be my next purchase lol
did anyone else flying recently have their flight attendant announce that samsung note 7 phones should be turned off?
they kinda explode
theres one in fremont too
i need the $10 fluorescent light garage special
kuznetsov makes it 3-1 russia on 4-on-4 hockey. live look at the tna bench:
that 3rd goal is what makes me concerned as a pens fan....
thanks for sharing great ideas like ! so happy to back such wonderful people!
thank you so much for your appreciation and support, allison! &lt;3
the al mvp is no doubt a member of the red sox. either papi or mook
probably the cy young as well with that performance from porcello
really, capcom?
also content warning, the mas chart has tatsh rolls(tm)
i hella did my homework off the wrong textbook edition on purpose so my teacher would extend it... she did.
why not just do the homework off the proper edition if you're going to do homework? counterproductive isnt?
so she has appeared before?
it's her job to protect him. his companion from hell, went with him.
does this mean that they're gone
they didn't stand a chance
and i have an old-timey camera that makes everything look like the 1940s
an old timey iphone?!
pls rt team &amp; i are humbled &amp; honoured to work with the best engrs building
outstanding
i wish i could pin this tweet
gonna just retweet it every day
warren argues trump suggested violence against clinton
, trump suggested disarm her security force. no threat against clinton, except in spin minds like yours.
nah ur right that's mad work
it really is
taps foot impatiently
streams were great!
i had to make a short hike at this campground for call signal because hate reading that without twitter would've been too sad
i enjoy being away from web connection as much as anyone! it just doesn't make me more human or special as sullivan/turkle/etc argue
out of everyone in the world, he chose me and i chose him.
i was talking about foxley.
ditto! mary just hangs them out there to be knocked out of the park.
a lot of people tell me that...
did guliani just say he had a city to save? pardon me rudy, we didn't need you saving us. nyc survived despite you.
you ungrateful wretches! my husband nyc firefighter held this city together-deserves respect.
yeah but tough to change cs in mid game
understood.
score! grass-fed ground beef is $4 off per lb at right now. does anyone have any cool recipe ideas for ground beef?
which one?!
"no amount of screening of the parents could have prevented this terrorist attack." -
well gov't should have rejected them all. one lies, all lie
ubereats is my means of food until there's no one left to help me obtain free meals.
get groceries for me, you &amp; and we'll cook for you
let us know how you really feel!
i know. i'm just so shy and retiring. :)
got mine! where's yours! incredible read!
love this. necessary read before you vote!
how about... def leotard
that's gold! can i just remove a letter? because grateful dad sounds endearing
don't make me unfollow
this gif fjfnfnf
no offense rex... i've been shouting about this for two weeks... and ignored
nothing is ignored , just takes time. you cant snap your fingers and its fixed
so many more variations on that. so many. i would be very afraid if i was on that board.
i'm not sure what norway's judicial system is like, but they're a practical people (usually)
i feel horrible. i just dipped into my savings to buy clothes
treat yo self
it's so easy to relate to country music
thank god you learned
don jr is seriously comparing america's refugee program to a bowl of skittles:
this was a stormfront meme and the skittles represented black people in the wake of trayvon
the fact that white people think racism is nothing more than name-calling says so much so much so much so much so much so much so much so mu
hey tr could you please check your dms? it's kind of important. thanks!
lots of love to all of you ! miss you !!
miss and love you so much
remember tebow plays baseball now.
leave tebow alone. let him be a met lol
for this metaphor to work, process of eating skittles would involve years &amp; years of vetting skittle and then people still whining about it.
i don't like a metaphor that frames immigration as cannibalism
tfw you invent a new olympic event and you realize you're the best in the world at it right now.
destined to be a champion boxer!
therefore he already has oakland with a non viable proposal, get it?
ricky lv is going down
really? i thought he would of. i'll let him respond
in general i agree - most of people in govt drive cars to free parking &amp; think public transit is for people who can't afford cars
scene partners for the day!
hes cute but im afraid of dogs
watch: a friend says ahmad khan rahami underwent a "shocking" change after visiting afghanistan. here's part of she...
the shias of afghanistan have been facing the brutality of these terrorists for many years
waiting for to have a clever tweet like
whoa. my advice is to just stay low. really my advice on everything. republicans buy skittles too yanno. lol
why does she need to be called out as a "black female founder"?! just refer to her by her name!
you read the story?
what's it about?
i've been mia due to old job. same thing medical billing but now for a hospital
the mole shoots and scores!
he is shook
i've always loved the guy. just hope he can stay healthy
its worth it. ravens will be passing a ton and flacco will get him targets.
attn ed fanbois: henceforth you'll be treated like advocates for chupacabras, unicorns &amp; alien mind control theories
-snowden is a disgusting worm of a "man". why are so many on the right (and left) fooled by him?
i'm speaking from experience. i have allowed that shit for years &amp; they would joke i was the only one worth it bc i was quiet
your friends ain't shit if the make fun of your ethnicity/race/religion/sexuality u deserve better
what do you think?
i think he's doing his job.
excited for tonight, hoping to snap a few on film with this little guy borrowed from...
yes. so glad you're going and extremely jealous is coming to the ville and not nyc for this tour :(
do you care about this kid?
i care abt all kids. what's your argument i doubt you have one
i know right we might as well call ourselves the raiders at that point
nah that sorry ass team needs two more superbowls to come anywhere near that name
yes! and . one of my favorites marc. "i'm so inspired, i wanna reach a little higher..." love.
but can we talk about the background vocals?! "nevah, nevah come agaaaaaaain--wooo--nevah, nevah come agaaaaaain."
happy birthday brandon! have a great day with your beautiful family
thank you i appreciate it brit
this is you
never seen something more accurate
pls rt - fab pic of master mechanic - dave tuffs - cutting access holes in chassis
each day brings you all closer
that's bc she hates police. read crisis of character by g. byrnes &amp; you'll see she hates all le
worth reading crisis of character!
i want my friends to be friends. let's see if this works. hey , have you met ?
no i have not!
back when i was in middle/high school my brother showed me bands like valencia, underoath, chiodos, thursday, and story of the year.
i wish i appreciated his musical advice then as much as i do now.
can we get mandatory jail time for people whose vehicles stop on crossings where they're bound to be hit?
it's frustrating i know.
happy bday pretty girl, miss uuu and our crazy summer nights xo
thank youu! love and miss you so muchhh
nelson agholor with a grown ass man catch.
who is this guy
i found my senior quote
pssst what is it ? because i think i found mine too
power is out, makes it hard to do online study
did you send that tweet via carrier pigeon?
rt! yo! go check out my boy anygivensunday5. dude is killing it in mut 52-3! cool stream!
guy is a loser
i think i'm going to. hate wasting that wire spot though.
gotta use it eventually. as season goes on harder to find those breakout players.
memo to america: new yorkers have lived through a lot of this. we no longer respect guiliani. we absolutely do not want trump.
speak for yourself....
remember tebow plays baseball now.
wait, so what did the 8'oclock thing mean??
murray couldn't stop a beach ball this period
what about the sloppy play by team na in their own end?
i'm not even gonna fake modesty, i'm super proud of these tweets and y'all should be rt'ing. and praising...
submit it to the group.
i have no idea why she fired but she was scared for some reason maybe it was because he was black &amp; outweighed her?
but many (not all) of these unarmed-black-men-shot cases end with male cops saying "i felt threatened."
the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. we must put .
you are right not to go there you do not have a great record in marital history
very nice -- can't go wrong with it. do you get sushi often?
yeah i love it
more tes??? thats plenty
dennis pitta if its bigger than a 12 team league.
shaffer: "it's not a lack of...understanding of how radicalization happens...it's policy decision to not do right thing to get ahead of it"
perfect conclusion!
ugh my two angels
nannnyyyyyy
will be selling my full global kanye 350 yeezy site list before the drops start limited quantities 199.99 each
googledotcom for 2 bills? you can do much better
put it this way: if d said it was ok he's be the first black dude on my tl to feel that way.
it's interesting he would even choose to do that at all. he has enough people to bounce it off just in case
. had me all excited to see for her screening and now they like nah....
was hurt when i read that email. i cleared my schedule/canceled all appointments 4 it.
. has reached her breaking point with simon. idk if this is fixable
therapist gave great advice! work it!!
is this real life?
i'm sure loves being part of this.
the ice-t commercial makes me giggle every time. and i'm not apologizing for that.
me too. love that commercial.
you just love to ruin my day
i smell a gg/jules brawl coming on
i want a baylee headband too haha! i plan on getting some stuff with a paycheck one day. :d
always check the home page. they have surprise sales sometimes. clearance sales. i got this shirt and new day socks for cheap
playing live: new york, ny - sep 15 at mercury lounge
come to sf!!!!
is the man. only guy i trust on the oakland raiders stadium progress. we will get it done in oakland.
don't tell that he truly believe lv is a done deal even without having a location yet nor stadium costs
but hey, at least the gop is now going after "dangerous" skittles rather than fear-mongering about m&amp;m marriage.
actually real gop officials are not allowing "skittles" to be used as furter cheap labor.
oh for fuck sake. all things she has apologized for and has put forth policies to reverse those.
the peoplethat control her ascribe 2 this same brand of racism. i may pose question, what do u know of racism?
"you {obama} conned the " ... watch/listen the black community is pissed
and hillary follows right in his footsteps!
were you in uh? o.o
i was! the whole time. the only time anyone's commented on my artifact was one night elf (ghost?) in val'shara.
no matter how bad things seem, just remember, i used to wear read skinny jeans and drive a civic.
lowered civic
photos and (short) videos
and assume no one just uses a desktop
didn't the hick huckabee also?
they are all meant for each other. horrible beasts.
you ain't loyal b... i was still waiting
i'm dying rain check tho
youtube parcs and rex bloopers. it will change your life
parks and rec*** that was a wild typo
i would never take a handful of skittles because skittles are trash candy.
this is a good tweet.
it did have a delayed opening this morning, you haven't gone crazy ;) that said, refurbishment has ended
thank you :)
looks like the jihadists got
seems that way
i would so love it but the here and now promoter would have to arrange since i'm exclusive to him this trip!
how are you
i need yall to light it up tonight!!!
please. i'm on the edge right now.
tom cullen. he's the lead in the upcoming thc series knightfall. the ep is jeremy renner.
who will also make guest appearances. cullen looks good with a beard. been with taslany for a few yrs now.
when is hillary lol
i think tonight if i'm not mistaken
this one is from an app called snow. it's not the same ):
nope that's different. maybe you haven't seen it. i've only seen it twice
if medicine was like fantasy football, and doctors were the players, what metrics would be used to keep score?
if there's a metric for "i hate metrics", i might competitive
my father volunteer for ww2 along with his 3 brothers he was f4 just because of a crushed foot 2 yrs before.
that's a tribute to your family. ww2 a lot diff than vietnam, of course. i don't blame anyone for not going. but i don't...
the "follow your passion" and "build what you love" entrepreneurship narrative is laced with so much privilege
*society's narrative. even just having the resources to think freely is an incredible privilege.
$95 for a 4 day infield/stadium wristband, or $103 for the same thing with a hat. well done daytoner
gonna be buying mine in nov/dec i think
currently at this airport and this terminal.
i hope your safe and okay
ain't nobody got time fo that. just wanted the whisp mount for my lala and i was done gorl
i love the light up and jibanyan!!
but who would sell such a beautiful gaming system
hopefully someone ungrateful of its potential. i'm dying to play guitar hero lol
i do, however, reserve the right to someday write a book called minimum viable body that will spawn a movement by the same name.
i go with minimum viable physique just so i can stick with mvp and confuse the masses...app or gym, no one knows...
don't miss your opportunity to w/ &amp; . oct. 6 in . register today.
i wish i could attend! i have a lot of book-related travel the rest of 2016....maybe next year! :)
no no no: it's mediocrates!
you called me what?
themselves probably
yes. themselves. in times square. new york times sq. ring a bell?
wait, what's a high top?
one too many hits of poppers
fuck is that and why should i care?!!!!
just a lighthearted interview. much needed in this current political climate, if i'm being completely honest.
remove the l and look at the word
8 ocock. now what lol.
they have a nice liability waiver, but gross negligence on a policy is unlikely to be covered by a waiver :)
if it were in the us, someone would claim fursuit as "safe space", as if that's legally binding :p
telling me to stop being condescending while you add a stupid hashtag isn't helping you at all.
sorry, just tagging in case others want to see
fighting pair nearly run down petaluma officer
help identify them!
my father volunteer for ww2 along with his 3 brothers he was f4 just because of a crushed foot 2 yrs before.
think finding a way to not serve your country is a good thing for someone who aspires to be commander in chief.
i can play tomorrow not tonight
ight bet lmk when you on let's run park
a guardian of sorts i would call her
yes, his protector.
i worry about the future of undergraduates who ask me things i know nothing about but can answer after a quick web search.
is your friend...
i think you two would get along fine.
whys that?!
okay you were 12 in 2014
he just messaged me and called me a cheater for going for 2
this is funny
my cat likes to sit on side of the tub when i shower. flicking water at her causes a furry streak
but still true!
no worries and i agree. your assessment is still true.
oh christ you're gonna make me feel bad for the guy
imagine him hiring aravosis as his spox, all the mommy stories they will tell
triple trouble - crossing gates stuck down in rwc
is this real life?
no matter how bad things seem, just remember, i used to wear read skinny jeans and drive a civic.
also spelled red wrong. goodnight
so good to be back at again for my 2nd year!! xx
you what your taking this seamester
i could not care less about the world cup of hockey. too engrossed in football.
missing out bud
anyone dumb enough to bet against the texans on thursday? let me get your money
$200, all odds in your favor, 3rd string qb, no gronk, no dante hightower joey me take your money
dude, like for real...i really loved those colors in your last two instagram pics. solid! (esp. the greeeeeeeen!)
thank you very much bro ! trying to spice it up
candy corn.
hands down no questions asked.
no suburb and no applebees. there go ur assumptions again. ive lived all over and traveled more.
so it's only okay if you assume and say "in general, overall?" great, now i know the ground rules.
tbt i dead wouldn't share my friends in the past
i still can't &amp; its annoying i be getting upset and all lmao
hi there, can you help a stranger (me) with some feedback on a news app i built?
bring it on!
but we're "deplorable". ugh.
i guess it's the pollocks
it was 102 here today and humid i need out of here!
in socal?! rip to you! i ain't about this life anymore
the have signed charlie whitehurst. clipboard jesus is back!!!!
man there has to be a better qb available than whitehurst. can't believe that dude has a job.
i'm trying to avoid checking luggage for fantastic fest &amp; am using a small bag. as such, an announcement: i am not bringing pants.
i repeat, i will wear only short pants in austin. you wanna see horror movies? drink in my bare (and bear!) legs!!
take the l out of clock dear.
ohhhhh....so just cock lol. i thought 8 had something to do with it lol.
that's awesome! how long have you been interested in crystals?
since 2012...i've been using them in meditation and grids lately, and carry them with me on a regular basis!
actually more than 3 but everytime time introduced 1 the gop blocks it that's a political fact
it's sad most of the time ppl ask what has he done for ppl, it's really what has he done for me.
okay you were 12 in 2014
dam sunday used to be the homie ... throwbackkk
lawrence, we understand the frustration. we can't override the policy. ^jr
i understand you can't jr, but it should be referred to the ceo has it's a bonkers policy. don't you agree?
whatever an audible shutter is, i just did that.
uch shudder. but you get where i'm going. don't want to think about that ever.
china's reactions to arbitration ruling will lead it into battles it won't win good analysis by
already seems to have won a major battle by establishing permanent military foothold in
im so proud of u
can you get me a soda on your way home
this. all the time.
the 60's and 70's were neuroscience's golden years.
poor pretty eddie (1975) perfect blend of arthouse cinema &amp; redneck drive-in sleaze. this is a brilliant cult film...
but those photos show so much emotion. i need to check it out soon
this is jason falconer, the hero who killed terrorist &amp; prevented deaths. thank you for your service!
god continue to bless &amp; protect our warrior officer falconer. thank you for doing what was need and just! praise the lord
$200, all odds in your favor, 3rd string qb, no gronk, no dante hightower joey me take your money
fuck lol *let me take your money
omg two guys mugged his bomb! i love new york so much. take your lectures about getting tough and shove 'em.
it was manh.could've had cash,guns,or food these 2(streets covered in ppl neway)went&amp;drank aft.only a big oper could do a9/11
i mean if the same cop did both u have close to a point rob
yes, but blm folks point out -- fairly -- that non-black mass murderers often get taken alive.
don't worry folks i screenshotted the david simon n-word (but with an "a" at the end) tweet
oh thank god i was worried
i agree i was just curious
i thought so that's why i included the pic for a better understanding lol
if my team put up 3 points against the rams, i'd be spending monday morning re-configuring my home network as well.
boom, roasted. cc
i just realized we're getting new miley stuff every fucking week.
imagine when they go live!!!!
just beat the team in the country on the road lol
ain't questioning the quality, 6 wins in a row versus fbs teams. don't get the crossover though, they're d-1 aa
i'm so happy nobody has let being famous on youtube go to their head!
oh snap fam who you subtweetin
the exchange between and fox on trump's charitable giving is amazing.
a 9year old would say about the same thing. clearly dump is dumb and shady &amp;so are the ppl around him.
closing out our pretty years play through hour 2 opens with the contributions of and to devinyl splits!
will forever be honored met me there and let me release something that meaningful and personal
lol no he didn't in any way. gore running as a republican and picking a corporatist as his vp did
you just don't get it. stay in your abstract idealism, your choice. but realpolitik says otherwise.
fossil youth is tight
i agree! i've listened on spotify a few times. what song is ur fav?
few days ago i lost my keys in the back seat of an ; the guy refuses to give them back. good thing he doesn't know where i live
if he has property that's not his and refuses to give it up that's probably illegal
fuck yeah! damn only on first fridays though? my homegirl was tellin me about something in berkeley but didnt elaborate on it.
i think it's always lit but first fridays it's lit
., on men who found bomb in nj: "authorities say those two men are not only lucky to be alive, but ma...
they saved untold numbers of innocents!
no, the police &amp; firefighters held it together. he takes credit for their hard work &amp; sacrifice.
needed a leader to hold it all together! rudy was that leader.
just in: jim carrey responds to allegations in wrongful death lawsuit following the suicidal overdose of ex-girlfri...
my consolations go to jim for his and our loss.
where's my avi?
ricky lv will soon come to an end by either the governor or nfl owners
usc was going to start 1-2 no matter what. almost every person called that.
stat wise.. sam is pretty good.. so we need to respect what's happening and let it play out..
liberals r freaking out, they don't want hillary either
there not freaking out enough...she is still up and i just dont get it!
score! grass-fed ground beef is $4 off per lb at right now. does anyone have any cool recipe ideas for ground beef?
hamburger stroganoff from :
be the first kid on your block.... ;-)
i can even afford to look at it.
me when sarah be roasting people
dead ass with the walmart uniform on too
i'm there oct 9-16 going to da nork for sure
jealous. we gotta get out there again next year though too
thanks sooo much!! &lt;3 (((squeezles)))
it's so freakin' adorable!
this chart shows why a product may be okay (safe) for one person but not another via
thanks for the share! have you read my book "hooked"? happy to mail you copy. email me where to send: nir at nireyal dot com
isn't this a cool emerald green tree boa?
make sure no one puts around neck except me! make your neck hot its way to defeat such sneak
outside of ny (east coast ) , fab popularity not that heavy g
idk bro i know niggas from every region that fuck with fab, but you know.
here's our postmortem ping with any questions.
thanks for following up. fun bug!
unsaved number r confusing af .
especially if you've deleted the thread .
16 minutes in and is playing robyn on . i think he's gonna be okay, y'all.
and now, the healing sounds of carly rae jepsen, only on (and other places, too).
that's a good pun. 10 points for that.
is that 10 regular points or canadian?
. signs aipac letter telling obama not to support oppressed palestinians at the un
and sinks deeper on my shit list "progressive"
but zabdiel can rock the bandana too...
this this thus
nonsense. obama created isis about as much as dubya created stability in the middle east
hillary snuffed qaddafi. they knew that would break the back of the region. generals all begged her not to
let's have a conversation about the album
why does it touch my soul ?
a guardian of sorts i would call her
liar, liar, wings on fire. i think he just lied... can angels do that?
is this real life?
\_()_/ maybe for the people who are delayed.
this is like something bill &amp; ted would say to socrates to lure him into the time machine and help them pass history
this is deeply psychotic stuff. what a disgrace of a person. definitely worse then his father.
part 2 of . are you watching ?!
ladies. i'm watching too. i was also just in boulder for the weekend and was really freaked out
never doubt the tarasenkshow
tarasenkshow was rob's fantasy team name last season
i did another thing.
what'd you do?
we are about to choose one lucky supporter to fly to new york and be at the first debate. enter right now to win!
wow !! i get a chance to see the next president . count me in !!
when was the first big broadway huddle ? me &amp; after the league cup final started it ??
there was a couple martin before instant social media. but aye you guys one lit the torch
ain't nobody care about the past i'm talking about rn
you can talk when they get a win
nonsense. obama created isis about as much as dubya created stability in the middle east
she did it anyway, for financial reasons.
tweetbot does political content analysis now
what's your, sammy's and clare's?
mic is bad again
did u see the meme they posted today tho
out of pages in my journal... what now?
get a new journal ????
like the man--used to love him--but he's become a touch less interesting in recent years, partic on twitter
guy is still a genius but i just don't see the need to do that.
it makes zero sense in almost any context.
it makes sense if you're someone who doesn't keep track of immigration policy/reform &amp; just sees terrorism on the news...
honestly, that's fucking mind blowing!
right! nature
he freaking charged a cop that had him at gun point
please tell me where the video indicates that.
not releasing tax returns and giving three contradictory excuses.
being held accountable for unknown and illegal extraction of federal records.
my new favorite text exchange.
literal lol.
why would this information be reported in the newspaper???
jon is obviously reading the strip he is in.
can i have a promo please i want more mutuals i am allie and i love watanabe you and i write angsty fanfics a lot
i've been following you for a while, would love to get to know you more, also a big you fan =)
wheel of fortune is all about tonight and it makes me so excited.
that is so cool!
i know and i thought blogging would win because it could out-vox vox before vox existed by always having experts...
i used to read iraqi and iranian bloggers, thinking those would replace the world desk.
is it me but it's ironic how all these bombing happen before or after a person gets shot to death by a cop ??
i don't think that's ironic but it's fucked up that they keeping footage of the bombing when the suspect is in custody...
god bless those men who found the bombs n saved lives bravo!!!!
we need to know who they are n start a gofundme for them to get them a place to live!
i'm not crying, you're crying
crying at a baseball game. thanks bro.
every fuckin day this nigga be musty asab like bruh how smh get ya mans
lol that's your homie
have my bot call your bot
your bot will get me. and i'll ignore you lol
its early....but he looks promising
absolutely agreed.
i understand that... but at least would expect an acknowledgement before two weeks have passdd
maybe the just found the issue.
i don't even feel bad about cutting people out of pictures
luv that ink
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
that is statistically incorrect on a huge scale,
just downloaded mad apps i don't need because 128gbs.
you got the 7? lol
guests are enjoying mixed reality demos on vive at thanks to and .
were you guys streaming this?
nonsense. obama created isis about as much as dubya created stability in the middle east
good grief. read motherfuckers. we have a treasure trove of verified,leaked emails.
nyc @ new york city - upper east side
eat at ippudo!
1000% agree. still like the confidence i'm seeing from darnold over max. don't expect him to do much better tho
he's more mobile apparently, so lets hope that pays off. he knows his butt is on the line
our own was on location in dekalb for the big win! we need to have a talk about these receipts tho...
i enjoyed this
what's the point now?
i think reid is still holding it down
thank god you fixed it though
i live alone and computer keeps me company.
so mom was tortued and is bisexual? what have i gotten into?
it's rather confusing...
the trailer of law &amp; order svu first episode of the new season got me like
watch after class.
fantastic, but is it not cloudy in nyc anymore??? seemed to be all day. what settings?
it's dated 2014
no suburb and no applebees. there go ur assumptions again. ive lived all over and traveled more.
that whole "elitist, liberal" tripe is so tired. and inaccurate. but it's a great way for ppl to overcome sense of inadequacy.
bye cheater glitcher nano'er i'm reporting you
y am i talking to some1 whos team is 1-1 cant relate
general napping unit
i think i resent your implication, given recent fsf developments
first things first, rest in peace uncle phil
cole too real
your life is obviously not a country music song. how's the truck &amp; wife?
david allen coe "you don't even call me by my name." that's my country song.
hmm, raiders went from 31st to 20th in team value &amp; team has improved, next!!
ricky you dummy
should the fire department only help those making enough to pay taxes?
should i be forced to pay for fire departments in other countries?
this pic of joe jonas at music midtown here... see now i wish i had gone lol
i can see why you wish you had gone lol....joe's been looking good lately
you have a point. on your head.
that hurts, ctr bot.
i don't think that's ironic but it's fucked up that they keeping footage of the bombing when the suspect is in custody...
but won't show footage or much news on the police shooting. smh
due to unforeseen circumstances, has been cancelled. we apologize for any emotional trauma this countdown has caused
this feels like the ending of lost. disappointing. unresolved. but i still love the characters.
thank god i've been planning since my sweet 16
when's your birthday?
third ave in midtown/kips bay neighborhoods completely blocked, cop cars everywhere
what happened??
nypd uses cell phone alerts for the first time in its hunt for bombing suspect
and they got him.
"comes off" steve, "comes off'.
1. save your editing for your magazine mate 2. we live in an autocorrect world, read for context
avoid pushing your facebook to twitter. always use links + content that provide a seamless ux.
i less it's a . those belong everywhere
they just lie and lie and lie. the modern gop is disgusting.
today, in outright bullshit from the gop presidential candidate.
do you know what team took the most ftas in a season? the play index knows!
60s in the must've been rock bottom
oh fern, that's a good thought. that happened to my aunt. mono is no joke when you get it as an adult.
that happened to me was misdiagnosed had tonsillitis and hepititis by the time they got it
shout out to everyone who wore black yesterday. never where white to home games. silver and black. notice there's no white in there either.
folks were coming in towards the end and after the game just exhausted from the heat. we aren't used to that here! &lt;-helped
jules they are egging us on for their own entertainment! i for one, am ok with it.
it's therapy, remember?
maybe gender isn't an issue. seems odd to exclude it and solely focus on race.
fine having that be part of the conversation.
i love the stickers on imessage
so much fun
ur opinion. hillary is a sick old lady, a liar, criminal, and money grubber. those are facts.
actually, they're not. but even if they were true, u r supporting the worst candidate in the history of presidential politics.
i went to turn on my computer in my english comp class and ended up grabbing a half eaten king size kit kat someone hid
too bad it wasn't a crouton
you dont even remember the beginning of this debate lmao
truly amazing.
you know it's a good session when you don't take that many pics -- by
absolutely gorgeous
the media is bent on calling ahmad khan rahimi an immigrant. as opposed to "us citizen," "28 y/o" or "nj resident."
he is a islamic terrorist end of story
trump is attacking the military for killing syrian troops. it was a mistake, but this is a war. he wants to be comm...
. josh,you forget.... trump is on putin's side.
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
except skittles aren't human lives looking for protection from a civil war ??
come thur have some fun get something to eat and drink @ studio 735
tell em mike they dissing me they can take the stand i back ppl up tho what i get egg shell lemonade
for some reason i think her "friend" is chloe's daughter. she always responded to her.
i think so too. children don't judge and they are honest. she needs that.
thanks to all the nyg fans that came out today, great job cheering and screaming my first home game was rocking.
youre playin great ball janoris! 2 great games in a row
what is he holding?
crumpled up t-shirt. interesting guy. pretty cool, but again, kinda dangerous.
nice shot! i don't get why people think they can beat a moving train.
people are stupid &amp; don't pay attention around the tracks.
jim kallstrom: "we don't know what comes &amp; goes in this country. we really have no control over our southern border whatsoever."
it's a disgrace how unprotected america is. can you say sitting ducks?
yo, i just wanted to know how much he paid to get in lycan :/
not only did hollow steal designs but he sells roster spots smh when will people learn
or that some smart world desk would just put good local bloggers on retainer
kind of like media outlets have done with econ and law bloggers
don't bother, dear. i don't argue with trump supporters for the same reason that i don't argue with my kid's hamsters.
treasure trove of leaked emails. read some.
it makes sense if you're someone who doesn't keep track of immigration policy/reform &amp; just sees terrorism on the news...
...then hears an analogy like this, so simple a child can understand it... of course you'll be terrified &amp; ready to vote trump.
ummm, we're 3-0.... cheater
panthers retard
wow! where'd you find that picture of me before laser hair removal?
christ. how do you deal with these subhumans?
yeah. got it today.
smh. regular or plus? t-mobile playing games with me
it's not even 10, and my face is numb. mission accomplished.
do you do the teeth test? if you can tap on your teeth and not feel it you're drunk
i was just thinking that if i sold all the rewards i would get profit
what rewards ..... you cant sell the jerseys
not after this weekend bitch
fuck yeah every weekend coming up shauuuu, al cien y pasadito mija
tip: remove "just writing to let you all know that" from every email to save time and increase impact.
just fyi, while i agree with that assessment: i tend to think, in my opinion, that (hypothetically speaking of course) no words are
sweet. i wish they hadn't nerfed it tho.
they buffed it. an pulses of its archtype
thanks you can checkout my youtube page for more music
sure i will. please check out mine
10 team haha
yeah, i can't add him in 10 team leagues, yet.
welcome tulsa police department you've been caught on camera murdering a human in cold blood try and spin it all you want
killer cops go target shooting smfh....
not being able and avoiding are two different things and a doctor is the only one to make that decision not the msm
keep thinking that. those, what were they, bone spurs, didn't seem to keep him from doing everything else he wanted to.
was hurt when i read that email. i cleared my schedule/canceled all appointments 4 it.
i put me a lil outfit on layaway at and everything.
hey coffee !
hey sweetie! good to see you hanging w/ the crew tonight! you were missed, my dear. and no, i am not behaving. tee hee!
"excuse me!" catching up with vickie guerrero
send her our love
it's hard being on a diet when u be hungry
eat what ever you want just exercise and burn it off you know when you walk you burn calories
wow! is that your writing area? beautiful!
thank you! it is my reading corner. writing i do at my desk but once in a while i will be naughty and bring the laptop out
when are you going to restore the three east village stations you've removed? impossible to park a bike in the area now.
which ones? they might be up for street repairs and will return when work is complete
if you really think trump is hitler 2.0 you'd realize fascism never comes to power lawfully and can't be beaten at the polls
i thought hitler was elected chancellor?
now that is a good joke!! thanks!
you're welcome.
for the moss fans in sticker pals, he made an early appearance in a wallpaper last year:
second favorite wallpaper, second favorite sticker pal. didn't make the connection. :)
it's literally bout to be a month and my order still hasn't even been shipped
he finessin
a bunch of skittles just tried to shoot me while shouting "fruit is great!"
radical fruit skittles. there. i said it.
in unfiltered web, just removing the l will get you pictures
seriously?? oh my lol.
singing hard rock songs empowers me in a way, an outlet for my stress
an "ex revenge" kind of good feeling
.: "it's hard to believe that no one had any idea what [ahmad rahami] was up to."
yup, very hard to believe!
bleu the day i brought her home vs bleu today.
so cute!!!!
hiiiiii. cafe colette in williamsburg.
yay! lmk if you need recs while yr in town. if anyone treats you bad tell them to effouttahea and fugeddaboudit on my behalf.
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
once again someone i told you was ok - putin - turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people.
talking fast and loose about nuclear weapons.
she has ...and has acted in same manner ...no need to imagine.
anyway, enough sappy shit
cracks pints. way to go my friend. i'm happy you are excited and happy
you have only been working there for not even a week stop
im sad because i lost my wallet
...then hears an analogy like this, so simple a child can understand it... of course you'll be terrified &amp; ready to vote trump.
it's the type of argument that used to only work on fox news' upper class elderly. now that immigration has been tied to...
he styles himself a pusher of boundaries and sometimes people like that (even when great) are just gratuitous
he'll wake up tomorrow and realize it was really offensive and stupid, then apologize
i'm on my phone way more than my computer.
is that why you never pick up? lol
i'm surprised you were allowed to bring it back into the us. they can be so picky about that stuff
i was so stealth.
wow he's this big already ? old
venzi hope the whole clan is good!!! he's i'm old!
they be key catches too
dropped a td this week and last
lara i have two words for you: "keymaster" and "gatekeeper"
listen i'm just in this life hoping that ben and jlo get back together bc i'm brand loyal.
rt to win: morphe 35t palette (must be following me so i can dm winner)
fuck yes omg please
date just offered to come over early to help me wash my hair bc i can't lift my right arm above my head still i'm
what did you say?
like the new pic and bandana!!
thanks , duanermann !
tell me why luis laughed for two minutes straight just bc i said "how i'm pussy though"
this reminds me of those pics of drake laughing way to hard at rihanna
unpopular opinion reminder but i liked treme better than the wire.
i disagree with your coffee take, but i agree with your trem take.
from all the collectibles you get you can get 4 elite color rush players and 90 todd gurley
not even close to worth it
liam, hurry, we need you! so pleased we have you tomorrow.
can't wait. you guys have been killing it. i think you have a talk show in your future.
i'm trying to watch football and increase my brain matter, then penises *come up and....
for the record, i didn't mention them either lol.
but really, how much longer is chris berman going to do this?
'til he dies in his chair on air.
why do people pay so my h to live in san jose? it isn't that pretty+ the heat is disgusting.
cause they get paid
get those lawyers on it!
right!? i imagine they bust down the door and say "taste the rainbow!"
the next time i take anyone serious someone slap me&amp;&amp;tell me it's a bad idea.. pleaaaaaase. lol never again until i'm 30.
this one had you fooled tho &amp; that takes a lot! shaking my head still tsk tsk tsk
today we found out my dad was actually born in october &amp; a few years we found out my mom doesn't know her real birthday
can never truly vet refugees! see my point.
you been a dub for that big ass nose
suck a fucking dick your mad annoying witchu wanna be black ass nigga bro gtf off my timeline
i think if a trade were to be made, almost any opiate addict would gladly trade heroin addiction for kratom
no doubt. possibly s/b used in a controlled environ to this end. dangerous to let anyone/everyone at it tho (imo)
i feel like connetqout gonna b17ch at us if we rock these tho... still mad clever
who cares lmao fuck em
nah. i just go by how numb my face is.
ohh, that's what we would always do. my face never really got numb, maybe it's time for that facial tattoo
yep, that was the goal :) i want to build one of those one day, too
oh, that would be awesome. is there a small community of home-build split-flap displays?
some nights, it's hard to find the biggest douche on the internet. this is not one of those nights.
what a imbecile
i have that book but i haven't started reading it. how is it?
it's sooo good!! but be ***warned*** it will make you wanna go and hurt somebody when u really grasp how much a sham ..
it's been like a month since the last time some stupid secondary made me spit up bile but here we are again
this has to be a troll
........when you see a girl you graduated undergrad business school with "liking" trump propaganda on facebook........................
the "american values x y and z are being stomped on, can we get 5,000 likes to uphold the truth?" style of propaganda..................
oh hey i'm a grammy voter now.
me too! as of a day or two ago :) congrats!
this is the happiest i've been in a long time.
you're welcome
bruh your fighting for my country i can't do you like that
that's cute af lol alright fine, $20
redskins lineman became a us citizen &amp; clutches american flag: "i can finally call myself an american"
...congratulations to the newest american citizen!
i know how to turn it off (haven't yet) but does anyone know *why* apple implemented "press home to unlock" in ios 10?
also, please direct me to the thing labeled "home"
if i recall me and ryan had a long convo on why cats are superior lmao
i mean cats are chill and just as cute but there's nothing like a good pupper
this is weird to see
whyyyyy? can u imagine this yuppie douchebag rollin in a svc dept. "can i get an oil change &amp; a half caff decaf.
i put me a lil outfit on layaway at and everything.
and i was supposed to finally meet you for the first time after how many years of knowing each other via social media? geez.
people on team instinct have the best names
thanks for today's workshop- a lot of thinking &amp; reflecting
you are welcome. always a pleasure working with your team.
exactly so why fire?
i'm confused as to why guns were drawn in first place. car broke down; he hadn't committed a crime.
woohoo! my game's rating went back to "overwhelmingly positive" on steam due to the recent changes! ...
we should start an interactive stream with this. =p
yeah, that's a good point. i wonder why it's limited to those coverage areas. maybe it's harder to fake expertise
nah, higher value audience.
yeah totally, just wanted to make sure the dude didn't think he was michael jackson and there was a living thing involved.
no no, it was one of those having a few pre-game drinks and wanting to do something weird moments. majority of people in section
lurking from 38,000 ft in the sky... how is my bh familia this evening?
lurk over here. i miss the outta you! see you on the boat... one month baby!!!
a group of us want to . if you also think needs work, hit me up, include the hashtag &amp;we'll keep you in the loop
i have a few deadlines this week so i can't do much, but i'd be curious about progress
if only the people had a vote, keep trying to convince yourselves through me,
pssh you know what killed sheldon &amp; marks lv pipe dream greed
well i was gonna read and review yes roya tonight but scott won't give it back.
write the review together!
i've had alcohol at every live podcast i ever participated in. usually campari.
def drink at takings since there's a bar in the room itself
i have that book but i haven't started reading it. how is it?
our judicial system is.. like i feel like people have a sense.. but to actually read and see and begin to really grasp.. smh
always good to hear.
u know it cheers
why do the cute boys always have to be short
why do the cute boys not go to our school?
uhh yea sure
do you have an email where i could send you guys a copy? :)
no no, it was one of those having a few pre-game drinks and wanting to do something weird moments. majority of people in section
were filming him as well.
someone runs it for him....
i don't think so...have to give him credit for his own humor
i assume you've see columbo and miss fisher's murder mysteries?
yes but good point, i could go back and watch more columbo :) miss fisher's mysteries are excellent!
happy birthday stranger xo
thanks love
mary's next tweet: "when i try to do it, it gets hard."
lmfaoooo!!! gg got jokes.
yup, and if trump isn't enough of a reason, your self-righteous condescension will surely convince em!
damn right!
thought about it but i havent yet
i'm trying it out,so next year i might thinking about starting my own fantasy league
nah, higher value audience.
advertiser wise, of course.
damn that was a pretty ball by wentz.
he's our savior
seeing some chatter that it's an old stormfront meme
i hope it's something because, and again i freaking hate it, it's effective. esp. for his mouth breather followers.
that's $40 million for senate and house.
fix, explain to me again the 1st amendment differences between speech and buying influence?
i have that book but i haven't started reading it. how is it?
i literally got teary eyed a few times.. they are railroading us. legally.. smh
hmmmmmm, i think paris might beat london.
i loved the paris underground as a younger man, but i haven't ridden either paris or london in 10+ years.
once i got 711 coffee spilled it all over my dashboard then drove to another 711 cuz i was too embarassed to go back inside
one time i went to the grocery store, realized i left my wallet at home, went to the car to "get it," left
yes, have this guy control our military and nuke codes. he's perfectly sane.
why can't hillary gain momentum? he says such stupid shit &amp; she can't seem to gain momentum from his assholeness.
nice 1 brian! i'm in vegas i'll start 1 on the famous strip after alloa
some man mate aye brilliant
just good material
true rep's are not allowing "skittles" to be used as furter cheap labor.
a5: when on mobile, i try to remain "in-the-moment" with posts.
if not on mobile, can i still be in-the-moment?
because it's whack
i've never fought anyone in my life, but here we are.
ugh srsly? i feel the bike rising just thinking about that comix. sounds perfect.
put that bike down, sacks.
absolutely a lie. spread by nazis. you're a fact denier. typical.
powerful read at the link, thx i never heard of this lie and i'm irish.
when i get on adkins, i can lose some weight. i think bacon and pork rind is a food group so that helps.
avoid carbs.beef and pork one should cut down.only fish &amp;grilled chicken.lot of greens.don't over cook vegis.
i won't let that moment go
epic facepalm. :s
bro that's crazy
lmao last try
haha! no...i think it's cool. now if you add some drinking to that...well?
damn girl new beer drinking game nice
why would u say that
edge revenge
if only the people had a vote, keep trying to convince yourselves through me,
oakland will be 2-0 v.s relocations
arrived at the restaurant. got a table for at least 4 more people.
i think we are 6, 7 if you have a +1 as i think you said on friday
adds the word "racial" to trump's quote. deeply irresponsible. crosses the line.
can not help themselves.they know that 1/2 of amer.will assume he said it anyway since they drunk the lib koolaid
not sure how i feel about this.
omfg "waits patiently for new video tomorrow"
i might be able to forgive for not know about , or is, but he thought he heard .
is only , i trust on &amp; . is gone get us !
on his therapy sessions.
unfortunately for him, i'm a lousy therapist. i usually suggest more sex and drugs.
where's that at?!
i know it's in ny, ny. when i stayed in manhattan, gany and i hit that up. the buns are to dieeeee for. i love them so much
seeing them tomorrow night! stoked!
gonna be so good! enjoy!
no doubt. possibly s/b used in a controlled environ to this end. dangerous to let anyone/everyone at it tho (imo)
then again so is alcohol
those are some of the better side cutouts i've seen this year, though, which kind of says it all considering
the cutouts are good. i think illusion netting would be unnecessary there.
would be 9-8 if tonight's score holds.
there is not 1 player who i like on the braves, they all sicken me
both is cool with me, tats are amazing because they are permanent , it says a lot without having to say it
getting mine wednesday
i read that users have an 8 second attention span. be quick, creative and relevant to engage via mobile.
that is so tr..
lighten your load and relaxxxxxx
there's no relaxing in comics, sacks.
based on what i'm receiving via twitter right now, i'd beg to differ.
prejudice is different from racism, if you log off twitter, there it goes. poc can't escape racism
love being home alone right about now
if anyone's missing their serial killer...he's probably in front of my house
should i keep growing my bangs out or go back to my classic fringe?
grow them out so that if you get a post baby haircut it will be super dramatic
devastating news: attacked in rural . we're shocked humanitarian workers have again suffered the brutality of conflict
why aren't you identifying the attackers? what's the point if you don't say russia?
where's that at?!
there's two locations also
london, no contest. nyc also great.
i bought a $20 nyc two weeks ago card and then didn't use it at all; hopefully i'll get an opportunity soon!
red cross urges blood and platelet donations during national preparedness month
so it's september that's preparedness month?
that's super weird.
that's fantastic! hi honor...thanks, joanne. love the dartmouth connection.
. interviewed people in chelsea: they're more afraid of donald trump than terrorists:
i second that
i think it's just skin. she rocked it
if it's just skin, the look is fine.
it's the type of argument that used to only work on fox news' upper class elderly. now that immigration has been tied to...
...islam &amp; the "pc" debate, it's been outsourced to donnie jr. so he can win over young edgelords &amp; breitbart/milo y types.
i won't let that moment go
what's the plan if he says something like that the next time we cross paths?
here's $800000 for you esther.
ha.. that is corruption.
la feels like an earthquake is coming anytime now. animals acting weird, completely silent out. one of those weird things you just feel.
i get that feeling as well sometimes. strange energy.
.: "christie is either lying or he is so misinformed that he has no business appearing on television"
. lawyers taught to argue both sides. stunning djt surrogates do it w/video saying otherwise.
now you are only a 6 hour car drive and my kids want to go to mall of america. me, nicole, you and need get drinks 1
when we come up that way. 16 can watch 10 for a bit it will be fun. 2
i finally had a listen to your podcast and it is fun and i'm in a perpetual state of swooning.
thank you!! :) xoxo
if you asked me a year ago if i'd be looking up whether home depot had an api i would have laughed. but i am...and they do...
overall i am pretty impressed by their app as well. they even have an in app chat that is super responsive.
obama has bombed 7 predominantly muslim countries in 7 years. other than that, though....
bombing countries doesn't curb terrorism. try offering a vision of a world where ppl aren't just cogs in a wheel.
fun night in the city with . a story for the ages, too!
never get that invite anymore
q6 please share some success stories.
i was stuck in the desert and still attended
surgery and missed a lot of time for various injuries - willing ...
to be she took something more than tylenol
angela . 1 of the pleasant side efx of diverse nominees r that these women r finally recognized for slaying the red carpet
she is gorgeous and one of my style icons. always looks so damn great.
dinner with
hey beauty! noticed you are in london for + have an urgent q - best email to contact?
when fascism comes to america, you'll be too embarrassed to read the details.
i stopped watching that show. i wish everyone else would and get them off the air!
everything you've ever dreamed of will often show up in different packaging than you were envisioning. - brenden dilley
love this! and so very true
wait a minute. you're upset that i used a nickname for a guy who makes up nicknames for
no.i spent five seconds on the email and-as usual-it was childish.dont remember what it said
because they shouldj't lose to bad teams even if they're resting.
well, true. my guys (holders of the "most wins" record) got swept by the twins. shudder.
obama has bombed 7 predominantly muslim countries in 7 years. other than that, though....
oh and ix nay on the bombing stuff. they tend not to like that
hrc political machine is just hoping to push her across the "finish line." they can substitute some else then.
no, it's a jihadi version of "weekend at bernie's." the prez in fact would be the muslim brotherhood's .
remember when got mad there were security guards in the outfield over in sf?
i do! they almost screwed up a play!!
why is there no traffic in the south bay right now? 85 south is a breeze, lawrence is relatively light. wild.
overturned construction big rig on 280 south in los altos hills, only 1 lane open at 2p and all lanes closed at 4p i think....
i am going to bridget jones's baby by myself tonight ama
would have 100% gone with fyi next chick flick hmu
i'm not sure there is. mike vick or jeff garcia might be the next to get a call.
that's crazy. being too lousy to start but barely good enough guarantees a nice paying job as an nfl backup qb.
happy birthday jew
thanks loser p.s. im catholic
"emily, don't play shit that scares white people they're most of our customers" -my boss, watching me scroll through suicideboys on spotify
fuck imin love with you
how many times can we use the word weiners
that's what editors are for.
(she's from mr robot)
ah! the dress is great, and she looks great in it.
haha! i actually don't have any of the short brimmed ones. i thought they would look silly on me. which one are you looking at?
embarrassed to say...
that song is a karaoke hit. you will ignite the place.
hope they have insurance then!
if i give up on the jet black 7 plus i can see shipping times of around 2-3 weeks. 3 guys at work have theirs already
my boss ordered the jet black,he said he won't be seeing his until november lol
this terrorist is going to get better health care than some of our veterans. dare you to report that fact.
he needs bamboo shoots under his finger nails! why does this bitch deserve any mercy before he reveals his sources?
me too!! next article should be coming out this week!
wow. that's terrific!
you wanted more ref cam, you got it
are we gonna get it in the nhl this season?
*cough* zac efron *cough*
suck my left tit sam don't put me on blast like that
because they shouldj't lose to bad teams even if they're resting.
sorry, "joint holder," with the cubs of 100 years ago!
i miss buffy the vampire slayer
we're probably under 5 years away from a reboot.
picture me staring at bill &amp; daggers shooting out of my eyes at him.
can you say fuck and cover???
yup. and if we lose to utah, clay and tee should go
i'll fly out to utah myself to fire them on the tarmac
i need this
damn need a barber who's as thorough as this
i did not! what generalization?
sorry, this must have been another "white-femimist".
is he still jack bauer in this?
no, he's jack bauer before he has a snickers.
surgery and missed a lot of time for various injuries - willing ...
to bet sharapova took something a little stronger than tylenol
the teachable moment capturer has logged on
the one from july where he was drunk on the laguardia tarmac or did he do it again??
that shocked him, lol
can't stop laughing!
the time fidel castro asked fdr for $10
he would say at times he didn't and didn't speak or understand english. typical gallego. i can say it, half gallego.
wanna bring it to the white house? (yes)
we should inspire more shitposters like you to science. it's what makes america great.
isnt this what i sent u before?!!!
yes! thats why i said wheres esther im crying
idk figured you were talking about me hahha
no you are my bestest friend
rt or like if you don't own a palette or glow kit! i wanna surprise a bunch of you!!
notifications on 24/7
yeah i guess. but your rent and everything is more expensive so it kind of balances out.
it really does balance out lol but more opportunity i guess? for some. silicon valley!
rick porcello is the first red sox pitcher to win 21 games in a season since curt schilling in 2004.
and we all know what happened that year.
trump: "we're gonna have to start profiling. and it's, you know, i don't know if it's that bad. but certainly it's...
fox news is soft on leather jackets with blue eyes!!!!
we were just talking about this..
grinding to dubstep just isn't a thing so idk why creepy guys try to make it one... do less
happy birthday to one of my best friends love you jazz
love your bff
if puerto ricans and cubanxs don't give each others shit then who will? meanwhile dominicans in the back cheering both of us on
delete this or we might get the dominicans in our mentions again
yo who's active rn?
your boy is
i'm gonna need a sweatshirt or long sleeve shirt btw idk what your school colors are but you can choose that
omg of course i'll hook you up
lol the nfl's ratings have skyrocketed in the last 5 years
cbs 10.2 rating for its nfl 13% drop from fox's(11.7) last year a 9% drop from '14 cbs(11.2) lowest opening rating in 7 years
analysis: mike pence's vp role model is dick cheney
this disqualifies pence for vice president!
i'm so weak
lol i'm so serious.
the gopro hero5 is finally waterproof
im not cool enough for a gopro
god of wonders by third day via
thanks for the post sister! great song!
what's the plan if he says something like that the next time we cross paths?
i have an idea, but i won't mention it here.
you're a bills fan and a red sox fan. please pick one city you bandwagon
um, what?!?
raider nation is crazy bruh lmao
drunk as hell
but have you seen rami's twin brother?
the world is lucky to have two maleks.
he will eat her for lunch come debate time
built a wall around trump's star on hollywood blvd.! lol
wait a minute. you're upset that i used a nickname for a guy who makes up nicknames for
why don't you spend your time worrying about other stuff than peevishly whining for $10/hr
coming down with a cold but i'm so bored &amp; want to go to the gym but that might make me worse in the long run &amp; i d...
get some rest. take two of anything and call me in the morning, lol..
there's a queso lupe...maybe. we only had 2 days to learn the dance, no time to learn the name! vote!
rico suave !
ohhh?? what's going on?
check the trending topic will blow your mind in, likely, a bad way...
we should know better than trusting the bears
they'll win
ordered a new phantom 4 drone through , got an opened box. returned item for new replacement, got another op...
protip: if you ever buy anything online that's expensive, record yourself opening it and inspecting the contents.
its really good
im sure thats why i need a listen
oakland this week working on details that satisfy the nfl, goodell speaking out again, land appraisal done.
ricky has lv got anything done besides the recommendation?
"ben, you really shouldn't vape so much." [affleck goes out for vape juice and never returns]
you guys are sick af but also where can i download their breakup song for the gym.
stop making me want to support donald trump.
this language suggests that deep down inside, you have a soft spot for trump. lol
you made me zoom in...lol she is super preggers
yup. and is one of those women that makes pregnancy look enviable.
thanks for the invite
yo im trying to meet u
twitter banned tonight. a terrible loss to frogtwitter and the deplorables.
his account isn't suspended
i was really emo bc i thought cemi was going to take the kitten from me
shes so sweet
cash it russia vs north america u23 o/5.5 (bovada) hope u tagged along world cup hockey6-0
killing it ..!!!
what's troubling you espiata?
everything i'll be ok tho
getting ready for my sance at chipotle
u better fkin cum tonight
kettle chips: moscow mule.
this is the weirdest part of 2016. i can't handle this.
running over the same old ground what have we found? the same old fears
wish you were here
could it be?
love amy !!!
twitter poll: tomorrow night, i should:
these things do not need to be exclusive to each other.
actually, i think his contract is up this year.
oh please yes.
i might be making a scoop into a sea monkey. i love crossing the friendship streams :)
does that cause total friendship particle reversals?
she's on mr. robot and is quite stunning on the show as well.
she (or her stylist) chose a perfect dress. simple, but striking.
enjoyed this weekend in dc. great founders day with at
ollie surfaces!
i don't think you realize what they fucking did to me!!!! i'm shoooook!!!!
they used the thing that makes your muscle twitch right? haha so you could flex your quad ?
adds the word "racial" to trump's quote. deeply irresponsible. crosses the line.
boycott boycott is what a majority of ~supportersdo 2 &amp; they r down in 3rd place now
'jeb!' emmys kick off with surprise 'uber driver' jeb bush - was he funny?
f-i-n-a-l-l-y!! a job commensurate with .'s abilities!!
nonsense. obama created isis about as much as dubya created stability in the middle east
i'm pretty sure you don't read much of anything. readi...
my guess is the 82.5% of the work the w1 chip does is workaround bluetooth nonsense. the w stands for "workaround".
i'd love to hear one day the background story on how that chip came to be and just what it all does
obviously you have never marched or ran in combat boots. back then we didn't wear tennis shoes. we walked &amp; run everywhere in boots
i have done both. i served 6 weeks of boot camp. graduated with honors.
no really. show me things that do this other than islam. plz. go ahead. citations too. ...
ahhhhh trump does that every day! lol
so i'm going to send you to the emmys next year to do a live after emmy show to analyze all the ensembles.
lol, i would just die.
gotta find a shawty that love me as much as i love myself
which will never happen
everybody just tries so hard to be weird like why?
tbh idk what weird is anymore
rt ildivoofficial "rt divodavidmiller: well hello everyone!!! i am at the airport and headed to !! tomorrow is opening night of the ...
glad your starting the american leg of tour. we are really looking forward to this show!
patriot nation needs to accept it: you're not winning the next 2 games with jacoby brissett.
manish, first i wouldn't bet against the patriots; second the goal is to win the super bowl.
side note, finally saw tmnt2. fun movie, a few disappointing moments / non-funny comedy scenes. sheamus and gaw killed as bebop/rocksteady
i got to watch it one day
gotchu bb your avi sexy af btw
me? naa i see that shape up on your beard how many panties you dropped in the past hour? fuck man
i'm hoping to get a tryout in the next couple weeks.
hell yeah. get some guaranteed money, hold a clipboard, run the scout team, paid travel, sounds good to me.
what is this cover?!
ikr, "a storm of swords" more like "it's a few swords and some other stuff"
not even surprised.
i knew they weren't going to last
i miss the days where you would just roast me tho
deadass, still do on the low. you damn man stealer
he still hasn't shot anyone in the face on live tv
i mean, that would at least be an act of something. all he's got is birtherism and a bad tv show and a pile of debt.
let the record show that in 2004, my 4+ years in sf comedy got me a b+ in his class.
lolololol (i got an a-, no standup experience)
amazing. it does look a little odd, but i guess not different than a cycling cap?
that's what i'm thinking.
yeah i'm definitely going to start reading it! i let my cousin borrow mine but i'm going to get it back! i can't wait
talking to u about it made me mad all over again.. lol
i have no idea. i've only read one article on it but i didn't read a compelling reason why he isn't alive today.
sadly, tulsa is home to one of worst racial episodes in history.
try that with bone spurs
he never had bone spurs. he had a friendly doctor.
she'll probably extra loyal though and as long as she is willing to learn and has a good teacher then what's the problem
not everyone will be willing to teach
all bryant does is 2k this, 2k that, like where is my attention.
im dead ily if you cant beat em join em
hi . great to hear from you. was feeling slightly neglected.
cnn like fox has sided with trump.never talked about trump's problems.all the frauds.then they hire trump's handlers.
i've rec'd a lot of messages lately &amp; after a hard day, felt compelled to share. &lt;3
im gonna hug the shit out of you at twitchcon.
you think goodell gaf about some black dudes, md hasnt talked to oakland in months
that's what you think ricky
"millennials" don't self-identify as "millennials" (except sarcastically). only pr hacks and corporate strategy types actually believe that.
are you a millennial? if so, you definitely missed that memo, we def define ourselves as millennials. if not, maybe talk to one
this just arrived addressed to me. i threw up in my mouth a bit. quite a bit, actually. ok... i needed a bucket.
did someone fall into the tab key? wtf is that alignment?
this is absolute bullshit. i don't owe you a response if i don't fucking feel like it. manipulation tactics don't w...
his tweets were all a variation of "hi" and "what are you doing right now" which i don't want to reply to who the fuck cares
i know people hate my preoccupation with sproles as a check down but seriously he can change the entire game.
between rivers and brees, there shouldn't be any argument to the contrary.
kettle chips: moscow mule.
what do you think of it?
my heart goes out to shannon on this one. she has a bad mother in law.
monster in law is more like it. id slap with a restraining order!
try that with bone spurs
still got my military boots in my parents' garage.
is it rude to tell someone to shut the hell up when they're talking nonstop during football? no? ok, good
carry a golf club
sorry, was feeding the baby. still waiting for these dozens of mets fans hating thor
i bet you don't even have a baby.
amazing. it does look a little odd, but i guess not different than a cycling cap?
now i just have to decide whether i have such a casual relationship with money that i'm willing to spend it on an ice cream hat
bahahaha! you can take my 700 a mont payment, too?! i hate it!!!
what kind of trucks
how much you need to make babe?
ugh usually like $100 on a slow night ;(
u.s. marine on life support after being shot in the head while on weekend leave in los angeles, authorities say....
fucking muzzies
and roughly 50% of the american electorate!
imagine if his tv show had been good!
let the record show that in 2004, my 4+ years in sf comedy got me a b+ in his class.
mary got 1 of 2 straight a's he gave. doug did not play.
what's the betting line on a conviction in this case. yes, i know, you can stop laughing now.
i think you meant sobbing quietly, not laughing ...
core american values are apparently, too soft and girly for the republican candidate.
and it seems facts and the law are above mr trump to bother with as well...
never once worried about that or the subway or anything. giving into fear is the true mind killer.
i do my best to keep my head on straight and fly right dude
as a central jersey guy i get the best of both worlds. if you're going for a sub, wawa is the move
when it comes to subs, it's wawa and it's not even close.
rocco was delighted today by a surprise present from (and is well rested thanks to his new t&amp;n bed).
thank you!!
everyone! i wanna play ' blubblub so bad. please help make it a reality!
we feel you!
just wait until they get fernandez in the winter...
how? trade?
that moment when you show up for a meeting scheduled for oct. 19th on sept. 19th and lobby security asks you if you want to take a seat
get it together fairchild
i like that shirt they are wearing!! enzo and cass.
it's a good one too
if anyone hears someone blasting old school justin bieber in killingsworth that's me :))))
yo i fuck so hard with old school jb
did you take this on an
more like a fancy dslr camera i want, but cannot afford
isn't she the friend in mr. robot?
she's in the show (confirmed by others). i don't watch mr. robot. (i know, i know.)
video released in fatal police shooting of unarmed oklahoma man his car breaks down &amp; he's shot dead. so disturbing!
interesting how a helicopter was there to catch all this?
i wish i appreciated his musical advice then as much as i do now.
if for some weird reason you are unfamiliar with any of these bands, change that immediately.
this is absolute bullshit. i don't owe you a response if i don't fucking feel like it. manipulation tactics don't w...
i'm not being selfish, i'm actually quite a nice person but the audacity this dude has blows my fucking mind
you know the nap was good when you wake up not knowing what day it is
it ain't a nap the pipe game just too good you passed out
thanks for being top engaged members - have a great week :)
my pleasure, sweethart!
what tools can companies use to make advanced applns easy to integrate with your existing environment?
good article!
and with this i now begin my grind. let's get it!
how'd you get the pro badge?
i post a political opinion ones every election and you are the "good".
actually that seems right.
yeah, she's a real patriot!
at least she did not go one russian television to tear down american politicians and press.
mine just says bachelor of science as well...not the field of study.
weird, okay. i feel like this could be a problem when applying to jobs.
fun/sad fact i have not had an all american burger yet.
that must be corrected. recommend the double double
any chance the top 3 teams at the top of the draft are the browns, bills, redskins?
who bills take if they draft that early?
good morning, good evening, if your raving and misbehaving has got the tunes sorted x
brand new tune bender
fact check: what a prosecutor argues they will prove is different than what a jury or judge might decide they proved
but since rnc speech was a political charge, it's all good!! ;-)
iphone 7 already has its first 'gate' scandal
at least they're not blowing up
good morning, good evening, if your raving and misbehaving has got the tunes sorted x
brand new tune
you're really stupid aren't you,what else can they do @ this time?
before the recommendation you dumb country hick
thank you for signing this - wonderful colleague and friend
great seeing you at tonight. thanks for sharing this!
there's a lot to like about millennials ted
this explains your love of agile
damn, this looks identical to the m&amp;ms meme i stole from the feminists and made about muslims.
very true. like dirty harry said....well punk, do you feel lucky today? do you?
josh, stay in ur lane! asking that of mr. trump is beyond ur scope. u just lost a fan. very disrespectful.
the man insults women, mexicans, our president and thats disrespectful?!
right now the bigwigs at are having an emergency meeting and i bet it's exactly like that movie margin ca...
i bet zachary quinto is there too
i guess it's just me buying them now.
your entitled - we don't judge
fyi. my buds getting out of the hospital tomorrow after 3-1/2 weeks. my wife is in charlotte. gonna bring them home!! yees!
that's good to hear, dave! how is he doing overall?
put yourself in matt stafford's shoes ---- why should he stay in detroit? curious as to what our followers tweet us
love for him to stay he is a trooper. but i'd like him play for another team so he can get the respect he deserves
the internet is forever, full archive. will the kill him?
oh, come now... but i hear he might be very depressed
yup russians smh they said i'm gonna be doing that almost everyday :-)
hahah that's crazy, thank god i never had to experience that
ooh! unofficially racing you :)
well, i just decided that spikes are my friend. oh spelunky.
narcissists unite.. tv ratings: emmys log all-time low 11.3 million viewers as cbs' jonbenet ramsey special pops
huh?! oh emmy's? wow! when are they on? gee don't wanna miss the trump bashers!
that makes 2 of us i hate everyone of them
from freeman on down to tyler flowers lmao
it didn't air yet, but i'm definitely going to watch and support my ex-tv hubby ;)
it was , but there's only one
: i have someone who would benefit from . can she still join?
yep! she sure can
thank you so much !!!!!! my favorite things :33
wow that umbreon charm is huge
at intermission. i give it a b-
you ungrateful child
when i see videos like this it just confirms i shouldn't ever come back to madden lol
realistic football
i am just so proud of you no one deserves this recognition more than you ...
i omg that's kick ass incredible!!
who do you most want david simon to say nigga to
slim charles
once i saw this girl @ the brow place &amp; i dead couldn't figure out if it was her or not cus she be lookin tan &amp; contoured &amp; shit on ig
nah but really. i know someone like that too. i'll dm you tho lol
do you think wear and tear on flash storage is a big factor causing old ios devices to slow down ?
i would be moderately surprised if that were the case. it's more of "let's avoid breaking peoples phones" optimization.
literal lol.
but seriously, i need to know where to go for that apple cider sangria.
when ' pr manager finds out why skittles are trending...
this makes me soooo ! ! , !
it has been 54 days since trump held a formal press conference
even in those press conferences he just answered the question which he wantedto answer
a week from now we'll be watching pander to trump &amp; ask clinton why nobody likes her i'd bet $ on it
i think trump will bail.
you kno what time it is
lmao yall 2 doing the most on twitter but it's cool y'all a good couple
if i win the presidency, we will swamp justice ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
praying trump wins, otherwise we will lose america to a liberal supreme court!
actually so stoked for thursday
youre going?!? we all need to meet up!
how does a new yorker not become a giants or jets fan?
a lot of new yorkers are like that it's not a rule to root for your hometown team
deleted that tweet since it had my address in it, but i'm honestly stoked to do this.
im going to ddos you know xd
or how about a program written in a free monad over a configuration algebra? use abstractions, not machinery!
"configuration algebra", wanna see a definition...
he was drawn for an older project which ultimately was shelved, but i'm very happy his design held up for a return appearance
me, too! thanks as well for the enlightenment wallpaper and fugu.
oh boy ny. is back saturday november 5th with a show themed to give the election the happy ending it deserves. more to come.
more to come lol
apple should make a macbook pro with the same black finish as iphone 7, right?
jet black or standard black? i would largely prefer the standard black one.
yeah and probably by 3 just to mess with me
long way to go
. 's tribute to his late wife was hands down the most heartwrenching moment at last night's emmys...
the real tribute is 102 days later. check that out.
they ad like farts. always funny unless you're in an elevator.
lol!! true story!!
ninety years ago, come on rob. i mean race is probably a factor but it has more to do with current events.
just noting a historical fact.
getting high for my birthday
lol happy birthday william!!!
what is up twitter, i'm going to japan at the end of december
hey there are hella new year lives you could go to
good morning, good evening, if your raving and misbehaving has got the tunes sorted x
brand new tune kadondo
the most unbelievable part is that it's true...
absolutely true....
hide everything. :p
must disconnect my apple tv from my porn
is it me, or is it a thing that bdsm-affiliated san franciscans end up working on distributed systems
distributed lash tables
natasha brought the attitude this dress needed. love this look on her.
how much fun is she having? &lt;3
that's not really what i meant. i hate the rush to judgement. lots of isis guys leave and can be deprogrammed
is this before or after they rape u &amp; then pass u around to the other isis fighters?
here's what was just talking about
boy that says a lot ..if looks could kill ...
w/ jonathan's quips ... guys are at least 50 percent funny
oh wow, just saw this again after searching for particular markings on 's forearms.
complete back catalogue of david suchet's poirot
hahah funny you should say that! i have been reviewing dramatisations of the stories in chronological order:
thank you for following. and for mesmerizing.
you really are amazing!
i'm drinking a couple beers at the show in nashville and that is it.
have fun! when is the nashville show?
i don't even hate it as a concept, i just hate that other people eat it up. huke's alter cost 20k yen. 20k!!!
imagine spending 200 dollars on something this fucking ugly hahahah oh my god i'm so sorry for you people
i gotta flex up in some cashmere/velour sweats this fall/winter.
that's a fact
holy shit i won an yesterday. it's just now hitting me. sorry everyone.
congrats on the - long overdue!!! been a fan since 92- i met you in sf - your roommate was my friend tina's boyfriend.
donald trump isn't rich enough to be batman
or smart enough or brave enough or fit enough.
what did he say?
a post about his 5 year plaque lol
just in: cnn announces town hall with obama next week
what is he running? and, isn't he running away from his presidency to play golf? just admit it! it is a damage control4 1st debate!
you dont send your actual diploma in! chuckle. and after 5 years you likely wont send a grades transcript.
my hospital asked for a copy of my degree, not my transcripts.
yup yup yup. where do i sign?
*hands you the paper*
that is some avant-garde tweeting tbh
the bottle opener!
unfortunately...none of the other providers have apis...so no real comparison possibility
i guess you could webscrape. the data is fairly structured in the pages, but probably more work then a weekend project.
they've created a whole system to keep us satisfied with little so we don't question the lot. as long as we move a step up..
soo very true. give you just enough to not wanna go further. the minute u do...they make everything in ur life uncomfortable
: client appreciation party in
shout out to &amp; for the delicious food &amp; drinks! ...
and he sings too?!!
of course...
im on a pilgrimage &amp; no one can stop me
the purge: mcdonalds
is that a pokemon
yes. hail goomy
you're right
..lol wow
guess it's time to actually start my 5 page paper that's due tm
someone kick me in the face why do i do this to myself
do these boot when put back together? i find removing cpu can be a problem.
haven't tried it but now i'm very curious! next time!
yo my main niggas birthday is today! happy birthday brotha
you're white
imagine spending 200 dollars on something this fucking ugly hahahah oh my god i'm so sorry for you people
it doesn't even look like saber outside of her fucking hair and the sword? what the fuck did you spend your money for?? the idea of it?
i'm trying to study for my sat and my family keeps hammering me about college questions as if i'm not stressed enough luv it
how do u study for sats wheres the study guide at
if my man wanted it bad enough i probably would
and be like see you in february lol
amen. i committed psalm 91 to memory. i pray it daily, covering my family &amp; loved ones. god bless you
best psalm for god's divine protection. storm clouds ahead! much tribulation at the door. keep safe under his wings.
happy birthday you a real one
thanks you the real one
is really this ignorant of the subject he covers, or is he being cynical here?
each and every part of this narrative has been bulldozed by over at
other than another cover song (of metallica, no less), i love the crap out of this gears of war 4 launch trailer:
ahh c'mon. that was a nice cover lol
classes in general are rough
hahaha exactly i can't do it anymore and we just started
finding maise with the pyschologist suspicious
it's perfect!
watch: trump calls for clinton's "bodyguards" to drop their weapons and "let's see what happens to her."
a dangerous sociopath
its not a feminist issue imo i just dont care. same w sexy fox news babes, voluntary burkini/burka wearers...nothing against bw
and yet you felt need to call me disingenuous regarding an issue about which you don't care...
if you block her they won't try to force her on you :)
im just laughing that tbry have the nerve to say "like masayume85" in order to entice me
and if larkin were a resse's pieces, and athanasiou were a pretzel m&amp;m, and darren helm were a aspirin you mistook for candy
but i think cleary can help...
i miss my kira puppy who passed away at home thursday.
we will all miss her
jericho insults travel agents...still tags with them.
shh....you'll scare creative with logic
that's a fact
sneaker corner got the velour fila. gotta get the navy jawns "for the culture" lol
i'm on my 5th slice...oops
you're winning.
icymi: hillary campaign accused of fraudulent charges to low-income donors' credit cards
she is an equal opportunity thief ! she will steal from anyone!
my cousin out of nowhere, to my mom: wait, your husband died because of drugs, right?
cousin what the heck
im sick that day
im sick the rest of the football season.
nobody questions what they're withholding from us. smh
and we are wrong when we start speaking up..why? cause we should "be grateful" o, bs.
catching up on ep 1 now, on a slight delay. meag, cbs version is the least scary. seen them all. call me linda arndt.
i have also watched all! we definitely need to discuss. the id one freaked me out the most
how about you let me debate him instead ? giving him 2 hours to lie and bash trump before a presidential...
what is he running?and,isn't he running away from his presidency to play golf?just admit it! it is a damage control4 1st debate!
it doesn't even look like saber outside of her fucking hair and the sword? what the fuck did you spend your money for?? the idea of it?
why does the armor have fucking, decals on it? is it mecha armor? what the fuck how can anyone think this looks good
lol, first pitch of the night? what about his guns over bombs comment. i wouldn't read this book if u paid me
do you even know what you're talking about???
gary preaching the truth about the no-eraser scorecard pencil. truly the worst.
kept a big eraser in my bag when my kids were little &amp; liked to keep score
probably the best explanation.
oh, also "wait, that accent is a total red herring! they aren't all way smarter than american
hahah funny you should say that! i have been reviewing dramatisations of the stories in chronological order:
it's a work in progress :) i've seen them all before but an excuse to watch them all again &amp; listen to the various narations
even charlie was hooked during the sugar ball!
omg is he purple
idk man this definitely looks like a salt shaker
it's actually an orange
i can't wait to see and . they make me miss home
i miss you too!! we'll see each other sooner than later
remember that time michelle obama used bill clinton's cheating to say hillary shouldn't be president? i do.
make sure to retweet! obombas hypocrisy is as bad as the clinton's?! i salute the gruber stupids!
wish i was still a flyer
chin up girl. bigger things ahead.
what do you often do that makes people around you uncomfortable?
bring up concepts they haven't heard of and / or go into too much detail.
video shows unarmed black man shot with hands up by oklahoma police
title is too misleading. he kept on walking back to his car and not following commands. he could of easily of tried to pick up a gun
oh you're not on the bisexuality level where you're unmoored from the spacetime continuum?
what the fuck nobody told me i had fucking powers, i just thought i was inherently indecisive and slutty
bruh! and the rice is white! you don't play fair
are you guys vegans? what's that on the left? looks like vegan duck
how could i not have known that whenever i'm happy it definitely means something is going to go wrong...
why do guys think that the side hoe isn't gonna find out ab the actual gf lol
ru ever going to add them back in? or vice versa?
i get the sense pikiell is open to it once he gets the program back on its feet. don't worry: i'll keep reminding him.
thankful my grandfather was allowed into this country and not compared to a poisonous skittle
thankfully didn't use my parents as future cheap labor.
what do you know and think about this?
nothing yet! thanks for the link
another good christian pastor probably pushing
another. man some christian pastors are wicked! blame all? not
i liked a video true body pillow radio
i am your host, the waifu they call ghost.
oooh!! what day is that one?
it's the last stop on the tour. november 12th!
yes i saw that! wtf?
now we'll be in hell waiting...
you didn't revolt with the rest of the country? the anti-pumpkin spice revolution?
gotta say, i really don't hate it!! as long as its more "pumpkin and spice," i'm sold
maybe if she gave out free tacos and skittles she could get some people beyond paid staff to show up at her rallies.
less politics, more junk food!! since palin once campaigned for cookies (anti michelle obama) i anticipate bipartisan support
the internet won't let chinua achebe rest in peace. this man has been dead since 2013,and people are just now sharing news of his passing.
yeah what the fuck is that about
i'm not sure anyone over-reacts more than the nfl world on a week to week basis. win or lose.
there are plenty of college fanbases who are much, much worse.
would like to thank all the hard working men &amp; women of law enforcement who have worked around the clock to apprehend rahami
what about ?
cousin what the heck
i'd understand if she asked like 5 years ago just she's just coloring on her boogieboard rn
everyone needs a nick pro in there life
fuck that kid
on to the ninth. 7, 2
unacceptable loss, especially with the mets "big ace" on the mound, rip wild card
ueibic stop i thatwas so tragic/iconic
they made no sense at all tbh
ok i play rock whats ur move xd
my move is gun so i automatically win xd xd xd
how many times have you listened to that one chainsmokers song with halsey?
no shame guys be honest
then why is mark &amp; badain in vegas,
i like how you add twitter names to your bio my boys &amp; what ricky do they intimidate you
lol why the emoji
i got my top 5 reasons
if i remember correctly his rant went on the whole west coast roadtrip
yesss didn't help that sny kept showing that corner, i think they were teasing him .. lol
thanks muir homie! it's cool we'll take more pics from now on lol
the only video i have of us is our sex tape fam
i impaled myself on a tiki trying to rescue the pug in 2-3 :( where'd you get the jetpack btw?
in a crate on 1-1!
what are your thoughts on the belt, sharon?
i think it's the only thing he has that hangs low
why pull over push?
intrigued by that as well.. (keep it coming manu, sounds like an awesome conf so far)
oh, you mean that exact strip? it's a recursive thing?
yeah. jon arbuckle probably reads 'garfield' in the paper everyday.
i'm reading bluets and having all sorts of feelings !!!!!!!
i still have to read that !!!!!!
does kanye play blood on the leaves on the saint pablo tour
he changes the setlist each show, but yes
i have internet on this plane.
you can't smoke doobies though!
why does the armor have fucking, decals on it? is it mecha armor? what the fuck how can anyone think this looks good
and what is this pose? this pose isn't even dynamic, she's just standing there? she looks like she has boss borot tube arms this was $200!!!
'sound of music' actress charmian carr dies at 73:
...rip ms. carr. loved the movie!
each and every part of this narrative has been bulldozed by over at
"clinton's campaign didn't attack him" did you just sleep through this? or were you only paying attention to trump...
in full-scale over imagined attacks against muslims instead of real ones they just committed.
lots of rubbish being spread here!
oh using travel agent ?
oh no.... or i dont know. my dad took care of it all so xd
haha! can you imagine?
i'm thinking so much fun
skittles social media team panicking
what is going on
obama has bombed 7 predominantly muslim countries in 7 years. other than that, though....
this is inaccurate. he has done so often (not always) w support of people and govs of those places
thanks eastbay. easy restock.
congra still cooked 0 banned lol
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
. maybe you should make the time to read. the mythical connection between immigrants and crime
i love that show and it definitely didn't get the attention it deserved.
it could have gone on at least 2 more seasons.
in atc there isn't a tremendous amount of dialogue per panel, so hasn't been the case. a more dialogue heavy project though
gotcha, thank you so much for the feedback! i appreciate it :)
love seeing people achieve their goals
need to go fishing man
so where is the next meeting for handwara attack? or waiting for details? pak almost attack on india and like alway...
why don't they seal the damn border,towers should be installed,fully equipped missiles.can't worrybomb.
thanks ladies, that was fun!
looking forward to next time! . will be rewatching!
i'm sort of obsessed w her bc she's marrying my hockey crush &amp; i saw that dress &amp; was so meh about it. it's not memorable at all.
she could do so much better.
well they half and half...like that makes any
when all your th11 mod 3 stars, you're a modding clan
how do you even become a "senior advisor" to a presidential candidate? have they been president before? where are they getting their advice?
i think staying at a holiday inn express te night before helps.
i may be wrong on this but i could've sworn i read how she hated that character or holden and lumet wouldn't let her act.
whatever the process was, the results were astonishing.
which presidential candidate would be the best at protecting ?
maybe you should ask which of these candidates would be the biggest threat to .
uh, liberal, get on board with pedophiliacs you intolerant pedophobe.
whoa! so you agree conservatives are sexual deviants? i'd say from personal experience yes!
looking back to my first day as a nyc taxi driver. scared to death and wrapped in yellow, i proudly plied the city...
welcome back to our jungle. which is at it's worst. too many cars playing the taxi role.
on to the ninth. 7, 2
and they face terhan tomorrow, so thats another loss, good job mets
does white privilege still exist in the united states?
can y'all vote it's for school thank u so much now
the one next to my house, fremont
ohhhhhh nice! lol i'll come visit and be like train meeeee
our gov being more concerned about my sons rights than his sisters rights...they can fuck right off
. just looked @ the comments on the werent lying when you said itd piss ppl off
yeah, but that's a little much for a side-project just for my sis :p as much as i love her
yeah, it's not a small task. i guess it al depends on the error rate you are willing to live with.
i am psyched to play, ! what a great idea, have you signed up yet?
thanks ajit!! and you guys are going to have awesome advantages living in ohio :d
half way through this book and it's only been a day. i have a few questions if you don't mind me asking...
of course! tweet me or email me dave @ likeable dot com
that was 5 years ago and i let you beat me up for it
yeah like once. there was zac, mike, harry, i know there was more you're just lucky i forgot
going with if you go to greece
girl lets go!!
do you know if any of the first eight principles were edited after they came out in 1996? i don't know their history.
good question worth exploring;i dnt know. must be poss, tho- from evrythg i've read they weren't designed to be unchangeable
i think that qualifies.
yeah. need to hide way too many sex toys too.
are you in town?
just moved back
it's great kp, oh but it should be "" not "".
oh! thanks. i made it sound like another person was excited. lol!
hi! looks like a great event tonight. joanne is my bestie. i introduced her to miranda! (taking credit forever.)
this is a small world
ahhh which flavor?? i've already tried orange and mango
lime and coconut!!
i swear i've watched every documentary on her and i'm watching the one on cbs now and i just have no clue
it's a mystery that will never get solved i swear
back after a week in woods
pretty legs but where's your face
i was going 95 and i cried to the cop so he wrote down that i was going 89 hahaha but i still got a ticket n traffic school
i should've cried and begged fml /:
i honestly love dance sm and couldn't be happier with my new studio
but i still miss my dynamite family
i keep focusing on the headline below her....
very sad that he didn't live long enough to win the award in person.
i know but it's something that actually makes me happy now
you keep telling yourself that
wow, did amazon give you any trouble?
yup. looking not so well right now.
maybe you can answer this jerry, but why have an exhibition vs. d3 a couple games in already?
princeton can't get anyone to visit jadwin and they want to play a game at home. literally, just about no one will visit them
my name's mihrab and i try to roast other people to hide the fact that im cancerous huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
wow man you told me ;-;
should do an angle with seth and rusev where snowden leaked rollins dick picks as part of his deal with russia.
agree. leak them.
quarterback, either way they will bust
saying terry and kim clean house? don't see it
fancy toast on a tennis court? that's the whitest thing i've ever seen.
some shirts vs blouses shit
oh yes they fucking have. i was just attacked by several black people acting like black on black crime isn't real. wake up.
it's funny how you talk about violence when involved in a extremely violent sport...
hey everybody! how are y'all doing??
pls tell us about ur day
i never kept anything quiet about it, brah
it's nice to be reunited
i told you it was about kids too, not just rape
bet the kid was raped
drumroll... commission on presidential debates announces topics for first debate 9/26 ...
hillarys record as well as trump....will annihilate her
ready to gain some followers? like this
hey .. ifb
the funny part about you replying .. @ me is .. i'm not talking about you at all. so please hop off.
oh right it's just a coincidence that we happened to be having that conversation the same time you tweeted this u right silly me
happy birthday dude ! have a good one
thanks my nigga i appreciate it
wow that's really mean
u blocked for this
i do get cold when it's 71 degrees out and i do take quite a long time to order a sandwich
nora ephron is writing your life from the great typewriter in the sky, sammy
why arent we dating already omg
damn i lowkey thought we were
the winter olympics is the only international ice hockey tournament i care about. wch is a meaningless overhyped money maker for the nhl
and you know someone's getting hurt
i wonder what people in other countries think about the us. sometimes i think you all are holding back out of politeness.
they for sure are.. also just like not having time / energy to get into it all i think.
my glasses never really allow my makeup to shine but whatever, it looks nice today
the struggle
a's/astros: last honest and n let's see the a's take care of n kick some ass..go a's
homestand dummy..lol
my first class tweet with an f-bomb. worth it.
honored and humbled and other suitable h-words.
happy birthday !!! i hope you had and continue to have a great day dude
thank you i appreciate it
yeah, it's not a small task. i guess it al depends on the error rate you are willing to live with.
might make a nice library. "unit normalizer". feed it a string, get back a number with a unit.
love the pun
ty! i will have to tell my son he is rubbing off on me.he loves puns!
i don't remember which of you it was that said gruden was going to slobber over wentz, but you were right.
i don't even know what half those words mean, so no, not me.
jordan matthews with the stellar drop. shocker.
hey you know what!!... you are exactly right
my attempt at deep viral marketing for in a michael's arts and crafts in tallahassee
's favorite store!
hope i'm not too late!!!!
you're clearly not falling
hot fire track by dropping soon
star is out on itunes
about time someone wrote this! hallelujah!
watchmen takes top billing
man i guess that "cracked" version of the game was just the damn demo :(
but i now know i want to buy
help for our vets. vote on : call 1-800-868-3410 or visit
ted, keep a low profile unless or until you come around on supporting djt. do it for texas. do it for us deplorables
type of pervasive attitudes towards "foreigners" that'll do lasting damage regardless of who wins this election. scary stuff.
yeah,chances of the gop recovering seems unlikely--neither their tea partiers (cruz) nor moderates (kasich) could beat trump...
i want a corned beef and pastrami sandwich on toasted rye bread with spicy mustard, pickles and salt and vinegar kettle-cooked potato chips
me2! sounds awesome!!!
let's try to remember that it's moohamed, the moslem pedophile, who claims he waited till she was 9. we don't know.
wow the mother lode of islamophobia. stay under your rocks. we in nyc love diversity - no one forcing anyone!
thank you so much i miss you too :-)!!
you're welcome
230k views and 3k recommends on a post with zero hot takes or ... i think i broke medium.
well deserved. so educational. thanks for writing it.
waiting for hull/chelios intermission feature on how teams should properly destroy their hotel rooms after a disappointing world cup finish.
that was the olympics
let it be known i spent 10 minutes making this gif.
lol lol lol.
they really were popping tf out over nothing cuz we didn't say anything bad?? the reach was truly there
we were just saying cuba &amp; pr share more culture than with dr &amp; they were so upset
we left new york for a better place not a dying place
strange way to confess that you are not a vegetarian let alone vegan. rise marvin kill and eat
i can't wait to dress my puppy up for halloween
if you do post a picture on our facebook page look for our costume contest in october
i haven't followed bridgegate very closely. could governor christie actually end up going to jail?
second sentence not necessarily linked to first.
steph doesn't even know how much it warms my heart every time she cooks me dinner &amp; tells me how much she loves my hair
like who the hell needs a bf?
saying "i called it first" after a terrorist attack.
would be nice if could get anything right, let's be honest.
great point!
thanks for tuning in!!
good question worth exploring;i dnt know. must be poss, tho- from evrythg i've read they weren't designed to be unchangeable
the saa put out a great edited volume detailing the history in 2000
15 an hour to babysit
i need to start babysitting again tbhhhhhhh
. and, that little devil can sing....
yes he can! that was a surprise!
17 but my mind is older
69 years old to be exact..
this is exactly what i needed to stop grabbing fast food in harlem when i'm rushing, but hungry the hunger can wait...
fast food every where should be a crime and nyc health dept needs to be a bit more serious
capri i love thee
i must see that one day. wowwww. my heart is soo happy for u both.
awe how sweet of him
he's still a prick
lot of lt in caff. i remember those utep games well... that was the 406 game
406 or as christian calls it, 3q vs. usc
sheesh well than...
this provides a little more background richie if you're interested
are you on this week? i have my tia daisy visiting from miami and would like to take her 2 see the show! it would be my 3rd time.
yes! may be out tomorrow due to singing tonight, but yes.
genie out of bottle already
this book is really fun look at ai driven autonomous car warfare
at long last. bought them out.
idk if you want the first one with the red label too, it's thicker. it was the only one tho so i grabbed it.
i wish i worked at a video rental place
imma go apply tm
throwback to the time i got strep throat, sun poisoning and poison ivy all over my face within a 3 week span lmaaaaooo
as we're googling peppermint tea reactions in your bathroom while your face was puffing up
aww, yeah, the latest update is that she's actually being released at the end of the month? it's all so confusing!
i've only got 3 pops so i don't really keep up but i need ahsoka (&amp; smuggler's bounty &amp; proto fetts, hopefully sabine too)
"clinton's campaign didn't attack him" did you just sleep through this? or were you only paying attention to trump...
was on vacation when his own employer ran 16 negative stories on bernie in one 16 hour period?
and what is this pose? this pose isn't even dynamic, she's just standing there? she looks like she has boss borot tube arms this was $200!!!
look at how good these imas ones look so good and only ranko is 16k, the rest are 8k-11k. dynamic pose, colorful ba...
do i have to start blocking? because i will .. *please untag me*
i want out of it to im wioth the hamster
hate to admit it, but eagles have found a quarterback. wentz isn't quite dak but he's shockingly good for a rookie starter.
you just cursed him. well done
for me, it was all the xenophobes who are suddenly experts on new york + that frog that i don't understand. back in yr baskets!
i missed the xenophobes. i'm doing well at insulating myself
i will never not enjoy achieving my move goal while sitting on the bus. i did work out earlier-but it was this bus ride that put me over!
oh wait till you achieve stand goals while on a plane
if someone wants to hit me up with a stewart's milk shake that would be cool
make it 2 and then deliver one to me.
screen grabs of those good/bad examples, please and thanks.
(i did catch "helped a hermit crab find a new shell," which, lulz.)
come to tuscaloosa and talk to my class. oh yeah, see your sister and niece and nephew, too.
i am a case study in what happens to people who don't go to j-school!
yeah,chances of the gop recovering seems unlikely--neither their tea partiers (cruz) nor moderates (kasich) could beat trump...
...and with david bannon full speed ahead on the republican ticket, people aren't just going to forget alt-right mentality.
don't you love when you hold the door open for someone and they act like you're invisible. they're called lady!
sam it's because you're so short and she is so important. sorry.
my favorite butthole/eyehole/who know what else hole he is capable of artist of all time.
that's the sweetest thing anyone has ever said to me
you sure? if you need a psychiatrist i got you
thank you! i really appreciate it
you must be at sarah's house lmao
nah these are my tickets
you were probably an adorable 8 yr old. bet you don't remember that. how have you been, dude? how are you feeling in this stage?
i would work in the garden with me father in my little pink overalls and he'd always wear a bolo tie to work
yes idk but call me crazy but sometimes i feel like the government cover up so much they'd rather report bombings then deaths.
oh yeah dude forsure. media tries to distract people from what else is happening, u learn more from internet research tbh!
&gt;,&lt; dammit, this is why we cannot have white things
this can't be a real ad
truly honored to be one of the top digital influencers who are participating at
felicitaciones!!
some people get divorced because they've outgrown each other &amp; marriages run their course. some end when husband's pull kitchen knives
having a crazy ex wife personally, you might want to talk to mutual friends instead.
could somebody explain this ios jetsam log to me? what memory was pcalc using when it was killed?
is that the complete file?
you gave it some weird ass cryptic gimmick name and i was just like alright. good shit tho.
lmfao literally all i ever gave y'all was ww and endo.
that's doxing not ddosing you fool
forgive might michael spinetta mccarthy
i miss my friends wah
i mish u my wuv
ive had fl 12 for like a month and still aint use it
ever since i got mpc ii havent touched it except for arrangement
i like the shape but the yellow with that deep red lipstick doesn't work
i kinda like it. digging the unexpected red lip.
tv saying why that wasn't pass interference?
according to gruden letting them play, except when they called a ticky tack on jeffreys
all good. i am getting much better at negotiating with leads so we walk the neighbourhood at least once a day!
ha monty will want to swap mummies have you been down to the big puppy park by the water yet??
how many times have you listened to that one chainsmokers song with halsey?
while on this topic can we just talk about how lit the drop is in nick jonas' bacon song? also makes me hungry
how dare you never invite me to this jason
i was wondering why you never joined thought ya knew
i'll have u know...u replaced jessica biel on my home screen, and that's a rarity.
yesssssss i feel honored tbh
lol. this is so you
he hasn't seen the crazy me yet
good. nevertrumper's cruz supporters are very devious and underhanded. they're as bad as any commies or muslim
ya lets not be afraid of their threats &amp; call out their actions im trying 2 look at truths (major &amp; minor premises in context)
...and with david bannon full speed ahead on the republican ticket, people aren't just going to forget alt-right mentality.
the dems will need someone decidedly less "power politics" than hillary in 2020, whether she wins or not. she's experienced...
i need to start babysitting again tbhhhhhhh
it's honestly suck an easy way to get money
we old as 69 but u got me on three days... i aint gun lie
wish it was only 2
sorry but i'll drink both of them :/
but i had my tonsils out and i need one...
oy, i can imagine the bug reports now
might make a nice intro project into machine learning. self contained, yet still more then just a play tutorial.
big day for the coalition &amp; xbox! has gone gold! thanks &amp;...
that is awesome! got my pre-order in today
maybe burning the house down is a faster alternative?
true. i wonder if my insurance would understand
.: during this commercial break, go online, subscribe to your local newspaper. actually pay for it. your country needs you to do that
why would anyone buy a newspaper subscription today? just asking.
"the issue is that these emails involve the private email address of someone you'd recognize." wow!...
thank you, mr. c.
congratulations, but yes, mine has the field of study. ??
thank you! i'm being told it's some east coast/west coast thing? east coast doesn't list it but west coast does. i'm unsure.
. crazy megyn, why do u keep having this jerk off on ur show?
ricky, why are you afraid to hear other points of view? fair and balanced, right?
okay, i get it, jaclyn hill is the bomb.
after years of just swiping past her, i finally gave her a chance, and i get it. i stan now lol
"he's the republican obama": shatters gop records with small donors | getty
i'm proud to be one of those donors. i have never contributed more, and plan to keep it up.
love having one on either side while i laze my evenings away watching house of cards :-)
love that series!!! give them a cuddle for me
share the love - high value members of this week :)
"and this gospel of the kingdom will be preached in all the world as a witness to all the nations,+then the end will come math.24:14
most fgs from 53 yards or more in eagles history akers 3 sturgis 2 parkey, franklin, ruzek, dempsey 1
useless star of the night
ladies, just checking, maybe vegetarian chickens are an east coast thing? i need to visit a local wf to validate..
our chickens adore prying a juicy worn out of dirt, catching bugs, pouncing on grasshoppers
me and econ!
dawg that a one of the worst subs to have that experience in
well now you know, and you can support one good news in the world that is living hard times
very true - thank you!
how dumb is this? all his life this guy rahami was a muslim--now obama &amp; hillary must declare he isn't truly islamic
consider your two sources! one's a dumb n, the other is a liar-
mayor giuliani: "i put the responsibility for isis completely on &amp; ."
this fucking idiot should go away
they are yummy and make people happy.
i'm a three musketeer man.
i love obsessing over fictional characters. okay. i'm really gonna go to bed now. i only slept 4 hours last night because of the essay
and i'm still thinking about more things i should add to it
goes to show how much this govt fears the !
if the government feared us so much they'd send assassins to your house.
piper is very ready to leave the hospital. up next she has a surgery, to close the gash on her back &amp; then she'll...
poor baby!!
i can respect your position. appreciate the civil exchange tonight.
fact that we can talk civilly about this is something we should all salute.
the dems will need someone decidedly less "power politics" than hillary in 2020, whether she wins or not. she's experienced...
...but in over her head trying to make sense of the nihilistic streak running through modern conservatism.
it's honestly suck an easy way to get money
fr i used to babysit this rich family up the street from me..$15/hr for two kids
&amp; you also forgot how many i talk to right ? ha
@ them too then
.: during this commercial break, go online, subscribe to your local newspaper. actually pay for it. your country needs you to do that
oh wait, because 99% are extreme left leaning.
hahahah you guys i made her smile thats why she said stop
ahahah right she was hella blushing
wish it was only 2
then the celebration would be wild and ur bday would be the best gift every year
night guys! always fun.
you guys are awesome!
most fgs from 53 yards or more in eagles history akers 3 sturgis 2 parkey, franklin, ruzek, dempsey 1
useless stat of the night
and you believe it, ok she on a blood thinner for a what and if she has a bloodclot why is she flying
she doesn't have a blood clot. she's been on thinners for decades. many people are on thinners for daily use.
i think it may have been who may truly be the commentator commentator of our times
when he tweets out a gif, it's like he's tweeting out what's in my soul.
such stupidity is unforgivable
wow ok how should i take my life
that last rt from shows you the moronic anti-immigrant fear mongering the trumps love. immigrants are not coming to kill us.
they already have retard.
6 weeks ago i was cleared... each week i wait, the more frustrated i get. i feel sorry for the person who's going to see it's all about me!
i hope you're going to and
the cast of at the la premiere event!
why does daisy look like someone that's pissed
the saa put out a great edited volume detailing the history in 2000
(and i think it may be an edited update of an earlier volume)
time for some with ! tune in here:
hang in there! i was mad at ya but we all got regrets &amp; u didn't deserve what happened last week. in "protest", u got my vote!
millions of black men don't have twitters to see us black women have to manually bring our issues under bm's noses to see us.
just like there's millions of black men who have sense and actually care for all of us who're affected by injustice.
i hear he dj's sometimes we have to find out where and just show up lmao
that sounds like a plan
read on terrorism "exploding in the news with much more success than the actual bombs:"
this is absolutely ridiculous! people were injured and could have been killed!!...
bout to steal a horse and buggy and bust outta here
whatever it takes
kk im with my girl rn so its all good
i hope she likes the way i taste
look at how good these imas ones look so good and only ranko is 16k, the rest are 8k-11k. dynamic pose, colorful ba...
this felt really good to get off my chest but good god i hate anime
yeah and i'm in better shape than usain bolt.
you're not?
that was fucking great
why do i see you doing this
the fbi kept no file on recently deceased nwa manager/ruthless records cofounder jerry heller
or the truth was too deep to make public...
aaron ekblad is "day-to-day," team north america gm peter chiarelli says on .
panthers fans gotta be elated that he'd be considering playing again in this tourney.
everything did/does is intentional!
we also need hearings on muslim brotherhood terrorist being at state.
and there is no reason for you cussing ,
i cuss because i'm tired of the stupidity and ignorance from republicans.
that in the hasbara handbook.. please try and be a bit more original next time.
don't need to be original when telling the truth. facts aren't up for debate. only 1 democracy w/freedom for all in mideast.
oy, i can imagine the bug reports now
especially if the library made order or magnitude errors. that would be *hilarious*.
fast food every where should be a crime and nyc health dept needs to be a bit more serious
i trust the bodega with a b more than a famous fast food restaurant with an a
my old roommate making moves at !! congrats
adevils start next month when am i getting the invite back north
how interesting! i have never heard of that. i think you need your degree need there! not fair to you at all.
i'm going to call them tomorrow. it seems odd to me.
needs to be a lowercase "a" in ave. broken otherwise.
ty reading again, fresh eyes/heart. let's do together.
drake also was acting in a major television series at like 16 years old lol
ik that but the lyrics just apply to certain people's situations
92 bars might be my favorite song by the game ever this beat knocks
me when i heard it
so ... fuck today. and life in general. more detailed bitching to come.
i'm pretty sure everyone on here had a pretty horrible day today. hopefully tomorrow is better
check in for amazing gospel music now on gospel hour with &amp; . started off with some
brand new tune star
were you reading my mind?oh i hope not, for you'd be one of them. the blood soaked smiles,youre too innocent and pe...
omg big mistake, you are too perfect to touch in real life, not perfect to touch lmao. that came out all wrong
lol sameee. end up with a bunch of unfinished masterpieces
i think i'm better off working around people instead of by myself because more ideas give more creativity
so question, what cool giveaways you have?
and more. come next year &amp; see 4urself
fr i used to babysit this rich family up the street from me..$15/hr for two kids
my cousin is paying me the same for three and they all just play on tablets
6 weeks ago i was cleared... each week i wait, the more frustrated i get. i feel sorry for the person who's going to see it's all about me!
can't wait for your return, but is where it's at!
i would be engaged and amused by you calling out the bronzer abusers and the pale lips.
oh, man. we could have a wipe station and a lip station.
i don't understand why none of our so called flamethrowers hasn't drilled freeman yet,cause the dude flat out loves killing mets
cus they are all robots, pitchers these days just do what is called to them, it's like they can't think of themselves
and his son aditya with an impressive talk on and minecraft. you'll be seeing prs from me soon!
awesome, will be looking forward to it!
-i want everyone to be focused on....... "me"
i know, right? not sure it ends well for the "winner"
let's try to remember that it's moohamed, the moslem pedophile, who claims he waited till she was 9. we don't know.
the bible is full of the same .......... and worse!
millions of black men don't have twitters to see us black women have to manually bring our issues under bm's noses to see us.
if you're gonna speak blindly for the ignorant, speak for those who actually know better and act on it.
chris messina wrote something that got a lot of circulation
thanks i'll check it out
especially knowing a staffer will just toss it
right, right, right. best to let it go. so. hard. to. let. it. go.
yep if you can't prove it, it has got to be a crooked doctor. nothing to gain or lose in this conversation have a good night
good night. i'm just basing it on every self-serving action trump took between the ages of 12 and yesterday.
like piece of shit father, like piece of shit son.
from "best metaphor my grandfather ever mixed was saying "the apple doesn't fall far from the scumbag""
yes: whoopi goldberg wore vetements on the view this morning
i cant with you right now
boooooy ima forever say that lol
i'm coming to texas next year you better have that same energy
i don't know which tweet of mine you're referring to but, um, thank you for your sacrifice?
lets not rule out your rush tweets
i loathe with passion,advertising like ars &amp; msm,words without accountability or responsibility
total buzzwords . many well dressed people shopping there
rafael montero with a scoreless frame. 7, 2, mid-9
he should have started today!
that is super neat! the first one (chronologically) is great - the flower on the lapel - but a tough kickoff episode!
i've seen them all before but never keen on that one, i've still got concussion so i may have been more harsh on the complexity! ;)
mid october the latest
mother fuck. take me back sooner. screw supply. i'm done with it.
26th annual convention&amp;expo
excited to attending! thank you
struggling through the day. aging is real you animals.
wouldn't be able to tell by looking at you. is this your 25th birthday? happy birthday
this horrifying video shows a fan attacking women during a parking lot brawl
you see this?
because they are the only ones who bothered to go beyond the media narrative and get facts
no, it's that altering the best memories of their life can't happen because that would mean it was a lie.
muslims do not act in terrorist attacks! however, donald trump is offending muslims, causing more terrorist attacks. not by muslims though.
killary is defn on something????
hot fire track by dropping soon
brand new tune kadondo
trump's new tax plan screws the middle class
your 401k the day after a trump victory
"in 1990 the top 3 carmakers had 1.2m employees. in 2014 the top 3 firms in silicon valley had only 137k employees."
after vehicles put truckers etc out of business maybe we'll talk
read on terrorism "exploding in the news with much more success than the actual bombs:"
so because the bombs didn't have as much "success" as they could have its not....
terrorist puns are not funny. if a comedian told that joke, they would bomb.
i can't go for that (no khan do).
i thought it said bestfriend
that makes more sense then
the other one you might be interested in trying - the old campion tv show with peter davison?
ooh good recommendations, thanks!
so glad she was able to come!! blessed to have her!!!
who that
yo also twizzlers are pure ass we could fight if u want them shits taste like birthday candles
most outrageous thing i've ever heard
i need advice. what do you do when you are starting a tech team but none of the teachers are working with you?...
reach out to pln to join you.
valencia st in the mission today looks like chestnut st in the marina ten years ago.
except with people biking.
nah neither are "great" vocalists but had hits is the premise
i beg to differ. i'm not saying bobby brown is luther vandross, but he has a greater range than keith sweat. keith can't sing
jill stein insists trump is less dangerous than clinton - and attacks bernie sanders as a dc insider
... there's mercury in insulin &amp; bad mojo in gmo &amp; she's lost flocks of small elections but she knows where to keep her email,
i wish i could tell the story of which big personality in our industry just showed me their new interpretive dance in a leotard. jesus.
what keeps you from doing that, and how can i help get that out of your way?
not surprised, that paragraph formatting! wtf!?!
even his signature pisses me off. i need booze.
lying polls
i hope and pray your are correct....
so it's in korea now? and it had a moment to taste us soil...
mine hasn't updated in a while...
why did it take me this long to realize that gojira is the best fucken metal band on the planet?
but you clearly haven't checked out megachurch then
anything else ?
nope.... i've learned a lot thanks
remember when someone i was close to told me (19yo at the time) not to have sex w more than 20 ppl cause then i'd be a slut lol
i shoulda threw hands. like i'm gunna do whatever i want and experience things and not hate myself afterwards like wtf
my cousin is paying me the same for three and they all just play on tablets
nicee!! the kids i babysat actually wanted me to play with them 24/7 so actually some work
omg stop! he asked to come in lol
nope, don't remember that happening
did you write that darren? it's very good!
yes dennis. in my head just now. thanks my friend. so glad you like it! :-)
you're going to hell amd so am i for laughing
and* djbfbf
live on : live from the set of ! watch this thursday 8pm
dude you are amazing! i love all of your work. you are down to earth and hilarious
you wavy that's why
i'm deadass reg, shit crazy
i miss you too i'll see you one day
i seen you at six flags working lol you made mine and paula's funnel cake i couldn't say hi you were busy :(
"i'm this done with school lunches"
it's that time of year again
read on terrorism "exploding in the news with much more success than the actual bombs:"
that big of a deal?! wake up people! this needs to stop!! if you care about human life...
while was drugged up this weekend, slashed this man at a mall!
wants to do to the u.s. what merkel has done to germany.
except with people biking.
and holding tennis rackets
this is surprising, said nobody: "cnn edits hillary's response to nyc attack, removes the word 'bombing'
...shame on cnn for editing hillary's statement to eliminate the word "bomb"...
i've watch you &amp; a shit ton of other men grow into these all-caring black men.. but that is really just a fraction of the whole
so then i ask that you don't downplay what "we" are doing to highlight an enemy that you may not be seeing, sis.
fun co-presenting on ca govt &amp; politics to pepperdine public policy class w/ jon fleischman.
will tell the truth, has to cover up all the rampaign corruption in politics
having never spent a single day in public service before running for president.
having spent her life in public office while not holding any conviction; rather for personal gain.
counterpoint: aren't all skittles essentially poisonous?
pretty sure not the green ones.
thank you donna...always appreciate your kind support. hugs &amp; blessings
have a wonderful evening dear friend. always
nicee!! the kids i babysat actually wanted me to play with them 24/7 so actually some work
yeah i'm kinda bored when they don't need me tbh
watching tennis, particularly serena williams.
serena only consumes my time during wimbledon and uso. i literally do nothing those two week clips but watch tennis
i cant u would scream if i threw them at u.
tbh i would cry
yea i definitely get a lot more done with a seasoned producer around me.. the feedback &amp; instruction helps
that's good !
i have to imagine millions of dems are uncomfortable w neo-stalinists and their islamist allies controlling their party.
yes but too clueless to recognize the truth!
most rewatchable flims 1) any thing by studio ghibli 2) joe vs the volcano 3) big trouble in little china
lets watch the campaign for the pugs.
you already know that's my sister lol
lol you about to be my brother in law
just seeing your in ny now. congrats!
thanks!! hope all is well in fresno : )
thre is a huge rob thomas party on october 1st with all the fans who are coming for the show
it's a party that fans are putting together?
read on terrorism "exploding in the news with much more success than the actual bombs:"
how could you even downplay this?!? so heartless!
tremendous work great work supporting the !!
thank you austin!
it may be in the next week or two honestly. we already have your replacement it's just a matter of when your days are done
let me trace back to the first day i tweeted my countdown then. i'm sure i've hit my 90, or i'm about to.
thanks for everything, and see you thursday for !
. thank you for joining us tonight. look forward to summit thur sep 22!!
bey has writing credits for just about every single song she has go to bed swiftie
because she steals them. that's why.
yeah i'm kinda bored when they don't need me tbh
damn that sucks
thank you all soooo much for all of the love, i am so overwhelmed!!!!! here is the song if you wanna listen again!
awesome. thanks!
coming to america has aged very well even with the fashions tbh u should rewatch it i am serious
it's so good.
don't hate on that irish king!
i only know one irish king, and he sired me!
wells fargo ceo stumpf: 'i accept full responsibility' for unethical sales practices
then he should be fired. you don't get paid $14mm a year to screw up like this.
if you knew better, &amp; acted on it, you'd be correcting your peers &amp; bros, instead of 'ing me.
but who says that i'm not doing both? i hold my brothers accountable the same way i can do the same for you.
gallup: trust in media at an all-time low, writes
... does anyone wonder why we don't trust the media!
i don't think it's gendered. the cw is that the goo are better at natsec. not that i believe it, but that's 40 yrs old.
gwb was tough and obama is weak, even though obama caught bin laden
. preboarding families shouldn't be a "special request". if you cared about making family travel better. you would allow this.
i love how stubborn aa is being on this without offering any kind of logical reasoning behind the policy.
wanna join a club so bad but wt my schedule &amp; my classes? it won't work wt my gpa
you should join one it's good to be involved on campus
i wouldn't call this yiddish....
it's the yiddish, it's still yiddish but not the real yiddish of the majority yiddish speaking population cc:
dozens of these sorts of tweets coming my way today. sharing as a public service.
would you mine putting this on?
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
if someone handed us a bowl of shit that is your nazi father's plans but 3 of them weren't going to destroy america...
what's a wavenet?
it's a deep learning technique used to generate human sounding audio a couple weeks ago
can't wait for my hunter boots to come in the mail
omg so excited for you! i love mine so much!
but which ones
check eventernote for whatever you are interested in
when is that ?
october 7th
this is (intentionally?) also a great observation about the importance of abstractions which capture the properties you desire.
not intentional! could you elaborate?
is the decline of the phone call the reason everybody has the same ringtone now?
when i was in college i had a ring tone of quint singing fair spanish ladies that i recorded off of the tv. didn't get laid much
looking for feedback on these lists.
that bant deck
impending grilled dinner. also rice. and veggies.
that looks and sounds amazing. i love lunardis!
you tagged me so therefore you were talking to me too
yea but i replied to his tweet
cross platform contact management is the bane of my existence. literally 20 entries just missing from icloud suddenly
likewise, whole thing is a mess no good contact solution.
read this. i might not agree 100% with cain's conclusions, but i do agree that can do better to advocate fo...
you don't agree with my conclusions?!?!
they wouldn't know what info would drop next in response to such an action.
oh shit son.
gotta water up before bed. can't have a hangover tomorrow.
it's only 10 pm and you're on vacation. you're weak
also these days coffeescript looks like a bunch of twilight zone-ass alternate universe es6
i want a "i hated coffeescript before it was cool to hate coffeescript" patch.
deadass i hope my parents let me switch to online schooling
it's your senior year, enjoy it while you can
libtards don't know when they are supposed to support pedophiliacs and when they aren't.
ohhhh, poor little henry. can't help his need to prey on kids cuz he's inca...
annabeth asked 4 proof that her phone conveniently breaks every time a new iphone comes out but she's had 3 upgrades since march 2014 lmao
march 2014: we all upgrade to the 5 cuz her 4s "broke" &amp; our contract was up. mid 2015: her broke "broke" she gets a 6
i need someone to talk about finding prince charming with...
it is a mess of a show - interesting watch though
that a have a career, that soon i'll be working and making good money, and that he's very proud of what i've done..
the feels
until this election i had no clue how much anti-semitism existed in this country. scary eye opener.
&amp; coastal cities are bubbles. you learn a lot inland
ur deadass a mook bro you wrote gang
deadass tho lmfl
amazing to meet you this weekend! thanks for listening to our story of brit &amp; our 66 kids!
it was great meeting you too! i wish you continued success with your amazing work!
thanks loads!
no problem. if it helps, you will get the hang of it around year 2 or 3!
"knowing what must be done does away with fear" -rosa parks
praise the lord and say it again!
1) glad i don't have kids in this climate. 2) the current politics is the reason why i found myself without them.
i'm worried but
proof that it does get better.
time heals all wounds aka my nails life
paris: threee algerian muslims gang rape french teenager at eiffel tower
will charge2 act humanbut they'll let theislam free like they letgo&amp;hedrovetruck into
are you in the bathroom
the shower actually
can we jus take a moment to admire how great she looks with this hair
i mean i'm a fan of the natural curls too. looking beautiful!
march 2014: we all upgrade to the 5 cuz her 4s "broke" &amp; our contract was up. mid 2015: her broke "broke" she gets a 6
last week: iphone 7 released. her 6 "broke" - she buys a 7
ain't it great? used to share a house that was built in 1899 with 4 guys. as soon as you fix one thing, something else breaks.
this one is 1903 not to far behind
this backpack oh no ;___;
omfg this is so inappropriately funny
when is that ?
jk october 8th
my psych textbook referenced iambic and trochaic meters and used a combined probability equation to explain how babies learn language...?
we are all one subject... the human subject...
adelson commits $45 mill to darling of country's emboldened anti-semitic movement
adelson places his financial interests over those of his tribe. shameful, and vichyist analogies apply.
my brain literally went "if it bad it spoiled throw that shit away--oh thats not what she meant" my brain's not to be trusted
lol. it's not out of the realm of possibility that i would eat a real bad thing. i have gotten food poisoning before
"knowing what must be done does away with fear" -rosa parks
sometimes you just have to go for it!
check out these search results:
truth hurts, i guess.
kat is the best &amp; the cutest
this is so cute!!!! you're so cute!!!
caledonia. followed closely by on the porch.
hands down the correct answer
when fridge needs a new compressor,it's usually best to get a new fridge.
crazy thing.. its 4 years old.
prepping meals for this week
that's wassup what's on the menu
i think it'd be cool to see some raise their fists but unfortunately jerry richardson will have them sent to the glue factory
my candidates are and hell even
i thought i had a long wait . i see them oct. 28!
almost halloween, though...perfect timing for you! and yea, i'm dying... but i did see them perform in long island in april
can i ask why? are you a huge murder she wrote fan?
huge fan! plus she was voice of teapots in beauty &amp; the beast!
at least you'll be getting extra cash for the effort
always good in the end.
no i mean he called me that he was coming in!
ooooohhhhh maybe we can do that rescheduled vincent's next week
we're going to have to go to the liquor store again tomorrow.
good lord. just go to a discount store and buy in bulk while you can
thank you for your high value member "award." what does that mean?
ask ledrew sister. all i do is comment on the posts as i'm lead by our lord. for some its some sort of contest?
and why aren't u..
that blunt would've never made it into the bag
just read this: "john was close thru the years to his pilot, mike archuletta." same last name as 911 operator.
that doesn't mean anything. i'm from colorado 1/2 the population is hispanic. i know at least 5 archuleta's not related
john frieda is out of my price range :x ... &gt;.&gt; also i probably don't deserve my hair considering how i mistreat it xd
yeah, i usually only buy when it's on super sale at duane reade
dozens of these sorts of tweets coming my way today. sharing as a public service.
shocking!!!!!!!!!!! it is time for hate speech laws with $6 million fines and prison to shut down these anti semitic frogs!
its been like 7 years right???
and counting
can i please get 5000 rts for my poem collection "the crying poet got no tears" it... by via
brand new tune star
leviticus 13:12 those who are without cheating on their significant other, let them delete turnover from apple music their library first.
this series is important to me
you had me at the cover art
stoner metal instrumental 3 piece, with 2 bass players, that uses samples from megachurch masses as vocals
it appears you can't buy a team north america hat online. great work by the nhl.
you can however be mad about it online. great work rl.
really bruh smoke the blunt, hit the dab. hit the dab, smoke the blunt.
not trippin tho these dudes are still just getting that just doing the most
always wanted to go there.
you should. one of my fav towns ever
. points of view, sure. democratic rhetoric, nope. if he had a view, i'd listen to it.
got it. so you don't watch , all rhetoric, fact free zone? is first rate economist
tfw you've come to terms with donald trump taking over your party
this is a cry for help
no one should be prosecuted for exposing human rights violations. :
:yes, it is your voice jeopardizing our nation interest and putting your fellow citizen at risk!
people! when someone says they have a 4-yr-old, you don't get to ask when they're having another baby. it's not your business. it's not ok.
similarly, if you're talking with someone with no kids, asking if they're thinking about it, or suggesting they should?that isn't smalltalk.
reese's stuffed with pieces
that is so meta.
do you feel there is a stronger chance of the fed raising in sep if so do you think there will be consequences
he's been saying the fed will lower rates and do qe again before ever raising again.
easy: yes, i would. i love skittles and i would love to die
it's literally the most ridiculous campaign ad ever made
i don't trust anyone who can resist skittles. there's something wrong with you if you don't eat the whole bag, whether they're poison or not
or ppl who buy those mini halloween treat versions and don't eat seven of them in a row
i have the navy leather case and love it.
i had that on my 6s plus!
guys, i'm looking for day job. one that has no responsibility, risk &amp; low work hours, &amp; will still allow me to continue writing 60hrs/week
web cam shows, im sure there is a sff writer fetish some where out there.
its actually a really good analogy, regardless of who said it
i'm not super into broad generalizations.
okay i have a review class in the morning but i can come out after
that's fine, game doesn't start until 7 you tard.
this has been my favorite hitchcock film since i first saw it in 2nd grade.
i didn't see it until college but it is my personal favorite as well.
here come the mets. 7, 3, bot 9. 0 outs, runner on second base. ... pinch run terry!
too little to late, as usual
it's cuz i gotta see what ur up to without bugging u.
that's true, you have to stay slick.
i actually have a lot of things planned for this break i'm excited. like clean my car, repaint my room, give away half my things, treasure
island flea market w the girls, champagne &amp; trader joes party lmao
awesome 8 pitch inning giants
lol - first pitch, fast ball swinging like you said earlier???
lames has not been terrible the past week.
just in time to sit the good first baseman for no reason
aloha . nice to be back at your peaceful resort on amazing lava fields! love my outdoor shower and ocean view !
glad to welcome you back!
do y'all remember that pink penis balloon thing?? i just randomly remembered it right now
we should've taken a picture with it
: they said she was on blood thinner coumadin for a dvt, which is a blood clot,
no what they said was she was on coumadin for past dvts and that dvts are known to reoccur unless u take thinners
now the most dangerous thing, is when skittles intermarry with m&amp;ms
once again cheetonazi jr dog-whistles. skittles?
i'm confused. are you suggesting that i am so fat i'm bigger than an ocean? that's silly--i am a person! you are a silly goose.
"poisoned like the mall?" what.
good. nevertrumper's cruz supporters are very devious and underhanded. they're as bad as any commies or muslim
&amp; stand w/truths like a rock always especially when they mislead others cuz then folly gets bold reply &amp; wise questions not1s
we are about to choose one lucky supporter to fly to new york and be at the first debate. enter right now to win!
is that what's known as winning the "booby prize"?
what is great sounding about this? it's terrorism fantasy right?
the concept of the designated survivor is a great starting point. that's why i said i worry about the execution.
why is everyone tweeting about skittles...?
of course, why wouldn't skittles tweets be about that... sigh
analysis: mike pence's vp role model is dick cheney
. better radically increase your grease intake and replace your heart with a leaky car battery
lmao!!!! oh geez i'll do both
oh boy ... can you imagine you on "the dating game" game show? ';)-
important charts from siena/upshot poll - shows why cutting off all unlikely voters can impact your poll.
heavy reliance on voters that have to be dragged to the polls should tell you something
bringing them to the west is like mixing oil and dirty water
is that you on the right, by any chance?
don't answer them. they're scum.
yeah, we got bigger fish to fry
superheroes take break from day job to surprise young patients at hosptial in chigaco.
that's easy for you to say
goodness! 2016 is the year of babies. my network has exploded with births and announcements! (while i can't commit to getting a dog. )
dogs (and babies) really curb the wanderlust...
i've already downed a dozen shots. and a six pack.
i fall asleep after 2 beers now of days. take me back a few years and i could polish off a bottle no problem
because walking away from armed police ignoring their commands when parked in mid of the road is what u do.
so you are saying that if you are unarmed but walk away from police, the government has the right to murder you?
we live in a beautiful world
yeah america
says quoting the quran is islamophobic if it hurts culturalmarxism
all right snakes. i work in the morning. you know joined society? earn my keep. always good to see what i'm fighting against.
about to sing "torn" by natalie imbruglia at a piano karaoke bar, pray for me
it went well. it is so much faster in piano than in the music video (lol) thanks for your love and support
niggas be tryna do the most w that twax shit !
4real it's just crazy cuz its made me realize there are hypebeasts in the cannabis industry
my math teacher is giving me a kitty!!
you're going to kill it
what is great sounding about this? it's terrorism fantasy right?
if they fall into the same old terrorist plotlines, then they failed in execution.
when my mom died, i promise that some days, i reacted in ways that'd look "odd" if scrutinized. because i was 12 &amp; traumatized.
i know you're talking about years ago now. but i'm so sorry this happened to you. also, yeah, kids are so weird.
"celebrating your bringing to the joint fight, today and everyday!
... my dad was a naval aviator in wwii, korea &amp; vietnam. miss him all the time.
my nyc extended family - all out for dinner on my last night in harlem
we love you mary and travel safe! hurry back.
what about the tier 2 ones? telegram, kik, kakao talk, etc?
i would replace whatsapp with kik in that group.
time for jay "i give no fucks " cutler to step on the field
the off-season work out of cigarettes coke and hookers doesn't seem to be working great
unfortunately it is all too fresh in my mind!
it's been awhile thankfully. iirc it was a major pain just to get the server set up right.
then you are showing your ignorance
so you are the one showing your ignorance. i'm fairly adept at medical knowledge and dvts which are the most common clots
honestly i'm waiting for time to heal mine. i just wanna have cute as hell nails, bro, like damn.
girl me too i need to make these nails last i don't have a job, i got an interview but no call back yet so no means no i cry
just signed up!!
yay! thank you!
*knee and hip
we're all kinds of fucked up
safaree is actually a nice cat....maybe that's why y'all say he corny
i think he's a nice guy, too. women dont want a nice guy until her vagina looks like roast beef, then she all up his face.
girl, which target? this is serious business.
hesparian and they have a poppin dollar section rn
kind of hysterical how the philippines gained independence from the us on july 4...
us did it on purpose. philippines wasn't having it so they usually celebrate it june 5th, haha.
. celebrating as official car sponsor of webster broadway series.
nice look. nice shoes.
come back, plz. also,
haha its cool in my book i promise move 2 ny where you'll prob be promoted to dm in like a week. bring too
like audioguides for people who don't do audioguides
would love to brainstorm with you about it sometime
ostracize them for life at least 7 nfl teams had one or more players protesting anthem on sunday
i stopped watching
if you feel the breeze gently caressing your skin and tousling your hair, you know you've arrived.
fantastic photography
to be honest i don't use fb like ever. social media as a whole is foreign to me. i only joined twitter for nat lol
i had to get a break from twitter so i created a happy page lol
can i please get 5000 rts for my poem collection "the crying poet got no tears" it... by via
brand new tune
ha! i'm convinced he sits by the front door waiting for you. i need to vacuum the hallway!!
ha ha yeh it dosent take long before the carpet is mental!! the vacuum is in the laundry i think
definitely not seattle but you should probably consider the emerald city regardless!
know any good companies in the market for a product manager?
it's not the dog in the fight size, it's the dog of the size in the fight dog.
wise words, wise words.
she had music from main street playing in the car too lol
so extra and so thoughtful i love it lol
2/2. road but he's healing up faster than they thought. can't wait to see him when i go home in 2 weeks!! and her too.
well, hopefully he'll continue healing quickly. sounds like he's doing pretty good. enjoy your trip home.
what anime devin san
it's called hunter x hunter, it's dope check it out
this is good and normal. this will not create undue conflicts.
not sure who cheetonazi has to suck off first- adelson or putin. this can't be good for his 70 yr old knees &amp; acid reflux.
the dude who does research on pitcher injuries was right the have bunch of starters who are really closers or setup men
yeah that is very true
come on, admit this is beyond parody!
we live in an age when women are astronauts and prime ministers, but child thinks only boys can be pirates?
posey was the only one that actually took a fucking pitch
the only way sfgs stay in this is if they sweep both sets with la.....
the mole shoots and scores!
obama the molemmender in chief!!! vote mole!
terrowrist - mook (killbleach diss)
fr tho young nigga got a job interview tomorrow if i juug properly i might start working by then yfm?
is anyone here good at orgo ?
you need help bro?
also, way to rip into that contractor. he deserved a u-lock in the mouth, honestly.
we in the business call that . ;)
and now, a reminder that even the hashtag woke-est of white dudes doesn't want to be told that some words aren't hi...
that's wild
the voice shared this beautiful photo of dana and our niece savannah!!!! wow i'm in tears
aww tell her congrats that's friggin awesome
nvm its gonna be ok
im trying so hard not to lose my mind man but im losing it
oooh down! i'll be visiting ucb in a month if you are close to that!
i'm in the city but it's just a bart ride away so we can meet downtown!
random friend appreciation : always seems to know when i need love (and which kind) and gives it to me.
he pays attention to people. the thing any of us really need from each other.
actually, with none out and a four-run deficit, suppose it doesn't really matter.
you should become the mets manager!
it's the yiddish, it's still yiddish but not the real yiddish of the majority yiddish speaking population cc:
i suggest the should translate it in the yiddish dialect that's most acceptable in nyc and present to cc
okay bud will do
can we please mike?!
kickstarter's community wants your next crowdfunding campaign to be successful (with of ):...
ooh, looking forward to giving this a listen!
this is insane/offensive/ignorant/deplorable/an official trump graphic
and the dehumanization of calling real people with real loved ones, *skittles*
some of these are already on my reading list. you suggesting a book club?
yeah, kind of. would be fun!
tldr: if i win, dial the torture up to 11. we'll praise you for it and send even more weapons.
the princess bride should be a cautionary tale for despots that try to take the torture level...
need to download some movies to my ipad for the bus. i could use a few suggestions.
good internet connection. maybe try netflix which streams instead of downloading entire movie
wouldn't be surprised if kendall jenner has permanent ankle damage from this pic... like girl, you are not on your...
not ok with this
i'm letting you do you but lowkey on the side re watching ur snaps everyday yo!!
it's honestly not anything out of the ordinary.
i almost bought that mika when i found one while i was over there
that is a good ass mika but i'd probably spring for a large base shiburin if i could only have 1
let me know
i started june 20th. i'm done tomorrow exactly.
i'm only confident now that my eyebrows look good af
can you lend me better eyebrows
what she did ?
word what she do
the brown properties in monopoly always seem terrible til you see that one person who gets them, hotels them, and totally wrecks
the orange properties are always my fave monopoly to possess tho.
whenever i hang out with my richmond friends, i have to step it up.
take it back to hour college days, funneling beers is always fun
omg okay i feel a little better! eddie you're the reason i do this!
if only we could have had a mixed tag match with you two, oh the possibilities!
can i please get 5000 rts for my poem collection "the crying poet got no tears" it... by via
brand new tune kadondo
nelson why why why
was helluva play by bears defender
wine is for crying
my life is an eternal sob inhibited however frequently by hiccups and gasps that let me know i haven't died yet hence, wine pls
i met alex, joel, iman, and sam today and they're all amazing and such babes omg i was not ready
h, i didn't know u had a sexy ass voice. like i was lucky my mama came to save my ass
fr tho young nigga got a job interview tomorrow if i juug properly i might start working by then yfm?
i heard bout ur little urban outfitters gig bro proud of u &lt;3 just keep saturday night free lol i'm sure they close by 8
german magazine cover with trump and the word wahnsinn meaning "madness"
if he is elected, the us will become a laughingstock. is that what we want?
malkin plays totally different for russia than he does for the penguins. that hooking minor was in the d zone.
if he blocks another shot, i'm driving to to tonight to "ask him to assess his priorities"
check out music by ... ... ... marion :-)
you are such a sweetheart. thx for sharing. greetings from sequoia!
a first round pick needs to catch that every time!
good recovery can't blame nelson 100%
amen brother. god's angels are on divine assignment. we are covered!
amen! for our citizenship is in heaven, from which we also eagerly wait for the savior, the lord jesus christ. philip. 3:20
together, we will make america safe and great again!
they got that fucker in 24 hours,while you were talking tough! the old weak police and nsa,you're week and a pussy!
chad is not all there in this last episode of . check out our recap below!
your team names were much better!
why was everyone else's day terrible? have we had another massive national tragedy that i haven't seen yet?
nope, but it just seemed like everyone had shit hit the fan for them
yes please --- drone i need you
i think you should do the first "comprehensive review" of the
i need that kid size
take it, i'll be driving around the city in the am - afternoon, just lemme know
i'm gonna plan to do a big girl's night sleepover. games. wine. girly stuff. more wine. movies. and of course, i'll cook lots of food
i'll wash dishes for an invite
hi mary, the mets are currently playing so our newscast is pushed back until the end of the game
ohhhh thanks!! ;) lol
wentz is still getting the ball there, catch it
that throw was trash lol he was open by 5 yards
don't worry they play pittsburgh sunday
hopefully the bears could beat them tn. if not they gonna get crushed sunday
yes def do a skin routine!! also does the stuff you put in your tea have a taste? is it bad?
doesn't have much of a taste of the tea is strong enough!
need to download some movies to my ipad for the bus. i could use a few suggestions.
the little prince ...
honestly though, these would probably match your skin tone better than that pink stripe you had the other day
lmfao it was purple &amp; it matched with ma hurr!!!
the tr*mp campaign appropriating the poisoned m&amp;ms metaphor that was popular for explaining "not all men" is a strange twist indeed
i thought this too but thought it was a different side using this metaphor.
is there any dope original unsigned artists out there??
thanks for the follow. can you help me promote my music production. check my website
please share any documentary recs you might have! ++ if they're on netflix. +++ if they're true crime/spooky shit
omg cc me on this b/c i'm jonesing for the same stuf
this is the view that never gets old...
you're not stryker sonoma anymore. stop tweeting under their name
doesnt matter the immigrants not being screened, medically or criminally its all about transformation
typical trump supporter when you corner them with the truth all of a sudden it's " it doesn't matter"
is he beautiful or is he beautiful.
he's definitely beautiful!
they slowly build them up, taking rent from you a little at a time. the next thing you know, you broke as all hell.
they turn out to be killer, i learned my lesson today coaching to trade her brown prop away
yes lol i said that jokingly and you get all hostile and subtweet
hostile? it wasn't at all and thats a subtweets to everyone lol you're not special bro
yup like all the police conveniently blocking the dash cam, or the fact we yet again assume the police were in the right.
i'm not assuming anything, would be nice if we were given all the radio comms or the actual police report.
wentzs stats should be a lot better than what they are. he's making nearly every throw look easy.
he's under thrown the last 2 deep balls though
basically he's going to die
he is bugging for that
for some reason this reminds me of you miss you sis
omg that soooo is love you pls come visit me soon
good to know! we were all actually unaware of that. lmaooo
i think he's the one momo
haha! oh definitely fun...with lots of laughs!
now we need to come up with rules for who drinks and when
let's have a conversation about the album
the direction you took on it was great man. awesome album.
good. nevertrumper's cruz supporters are very devious and underhanded. they're as bad as any commies or muslim
sure appreciate you being bold w/such powerful responses connecting facts in relevance/parallels &amp; w/what is going on agreed
i need some free beats
lol and producers want free money
at the dinner where alberta premier is at the head table.
alberta?!! i fled calgary for nyc 34 years ago and now pat's at a bling dinner hyping alberta???
wait where are you moving?? what's up?
i am moving to where you are
i never did that. i started out with the hard stuff. i didn't appreciate beer until later.
i learned how to chug the beer, hold the funnel and pour the beer while laying in the backseat of a car.
i have to go to dances this year and i have no money for tickets or dresses
ill go instead
it's been hit or miss for me. dropped calls pretty easily in the past.
yeah it's not a seamless transfer from lte to wifi i've had many dropped calls.
gotta give a shoutout to for the perfect treat for my night off from anatevka! every flavor i try, i love!
l have to say, your voice in particular shines in . can't wait to usher this week!
again. the grown ups are talking. sit down.
i'm going to bed. i'll leave you two to stew in your bubbley broth of fetid imaginings. adios!
cuomo and de blasio at odds again over use of 'terrorism' to describe chelsea blast
what difference does it make. guy attempted to murder and seriously hurt many people.. now caught. focus on seeking justice.
a true artist. how did the picture turn out, andy?
almost as good as it tasted.
possible imaginary friends: shawn and gus from because, even as imaginary friends, they come as a pair...
now i want sam and dean from as my imaginary friends.
martin hits a high fly to cf on a 3-2 pitch, stranding a pair. to bot1, let's see how estrada looks.
wasted opportunity. seems to be the theme of this shit team
yup like all the police conveniently blocking the dash cam, or the fact we yet again assume the police were in the right.
you don't have 5+ units respond to a simple 'car issues' complaint. and you don't arrive brandishing a taser for no reason.
got broken up with by my bf of umpteen years, who wants to move to another country for work
oh gosh, i am so sorry. &lt;3
anyone have any good big sur recommendations?
nepenthe, mcway falls, eat all the pepper plant sauce you can find.
imagine a bunch of crazy hormone-driven 21 year-olds pounding four lokos and dancing to skrillex at 3:28am that was 2011
man. what. a. time.
haven't heard that one in ages.
i wanted to see them but sold out
cruiserweight eddy died from years of steroid use to get bigger. fuck off.
did neville come back or something
doonesbury 1999 on trump. and the media has learned nothing.
"the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over &amp;over again, but expecting different results". -einstein
writing journals last year has changed my whole perspective on writing essays
all these people stressed about a 4 pg essay due in 2 weeks &amp; i'm like...lol i used to write that much in a 50 minutes last year
so many acts of treason have gone unpunished by this pos
unrequited distain sucks as bad as the idiot we hold it for!
i'm not as funny as i think i am
you're way funnier than i'll ever be. i try but everyone thinks i'm serious all the time.
wait until yall see this safaree infomercial.. use the hashtags for all the question!
can wait to see u..,looking good! can wait to see my my glasses look like
i love downloading from a good server on a good network and seeing 114 megabytes per second download. over 90% theoretical maximum speed.
all my server downloads are 7e2. two stop bits.
and she looks comfortable
she participated in a triathlon the day before. how.
ahmad khan rahami's contribution to the american experiment (apart from jihad): rahami found "sleeping in a hallway of a local business."
ya do have a good point
wentz is getting destroyed by the bears, what's gonna happen when he faces an actual defense?
the giants defense is both excellent and
happy birthday to my queen, hermione granger
mi esposa de chica
passionate for justice? and you support hillary? oh, where to begin...........
please don't. i've heard enough lies for one day by your ilk!
ah yes, a group of teens of various ethnicities were spotted eating frozen yogurt 2gethr. racism is over folks
can i put on my resume that this tweet got more rts than her original tweet n that we r officially twitter enemies? exaggerating- me? never!
this is gonna end either really well or really poorly. also i got the 70d coming in the mail next week
the internet is a crazy place. and that's awesome! you'll have to let me know how you like it !!
sometimes your favorite things come together like on and it was
thanks! this should be bobby's catchphrase
yo and fuck having to prove to the system that you're "trans enough" not everyone has the "i knew when i was from the womb" narrative
its not just "the system" tho. i've been criticized by trans people bc i identify as trans but not trying to pass.
don't know who they'd have lined up by the time the next election rolls around. both parties have been pretty badly exposed.
i think the 55+ legacy candidate approach is done. dems would have to go semi-socialist (warren), while gop tries paul ryan.
marion fiedler - ~ because love wins! ~ 3:52
i amm sending you very happy greetings from sequoia national park in california!
parking permit has been confiscated, he's not getting another, and speeding ticket paid
amazing response! thanks for being a model precinct and fighting corruption - keep it up!
i be straightening my hair on 450 smh. i need to fucking chill
curly hair&gt;
say you had a bowl of skittles on a train traveling from boston to new york at 60 mph and 3 poisoned ones on a train leaving philly at 3:15.
so bob eats a poison mnm on train 1 at 3:30. when does he die relative to alice on train 2 and relative to mel at the station?
if gary johnson and jill stein weren't such clowns i could wrap my head around people gleefully willing to throw their vote away.
no ss, no dept of edu, no epa, no federal entity at all, but johnson knows where to store his emails,
i could eat at ramen ya everyday
fucking same. so sad they dont have one in san diego
so she has blood clots
no, the coumadin is to prevent further dvts jesus fucking christ you republicans are the dimmest people on the planet.
"punish" is goofy. rnc chief says he will punish candidates who don't back donald trump. he can't.
sadly, for the gop and the country, goofy is the very best can muster. no better word.
assuming (wrongly or rightfully) he was, 6 police were within 3 feet from him and now he's dead.
cooler heads always prevail, let's at least hear why shots were fired before screaming for arrests.
come on, you loser. make jeff wilpon proud.
swung at ball 4 twice
you tweeted it after...nvm lol have a gn sir
like i'm just hoping you don't try me over a tweet cause thats lame nigga shit tbh
lovely marta!
thank you so much!! it is always an to see the sky change everyday.
i've been caseless all day... well. for the last 10 hours on this flight.
such a daredevil lol
all these people stressed about a 4 pg essay due in 2 weeks &amp; i'm like...lol i used to write that much in a 50 minutes last year
so basically ib kicked my ass many-a-time but now college writing is a lot less challenging so yay thanks north
ok fine, you did it twitter. i bought skittles are you happy now?
who are you
finished narcos, the night of, stranger things. what new tv series should watch next, from netflix/amazon world?
cc who might have some suggestions
great memories. just like any time he goes to burlesque.
i've gotta see that some time. if only i knew what my schedule was.
not sure why everyone used braves and easy schedule on same sentence. all braves do is constantly kill the mets
exactly, no idea how this team has 90 losses either
aka x patoranking - special fi mi via
brand new tune star is on itunes
i just want to know why there's a syringe in her donut.
it's filled with chocolate
she chose miley.
well that sucks. lol. i saw a tweet and i thought otherwise.
if u think the us healthcare system isn't fucked just look at all the gofundmes made to support trans ppl whose insurance doesn't cover shit
the result is that i don't come out to anyone. not even trans people.
it's soooo worth it. i found the pdf online but i have to buy it because i need it for always
gonna find it and check it out tomorrow because i feel like i end up liking a lot of the art that you like
homegirl is missing many eyelashes but trying to shame another woman.
i have not nice things to say but god is really working on me
if you support trump despite his unconstitutional stances, but say you want to take the country back...what are you *for* exactly?
not for refugees to be used as cheap labor.
they have a similar one at h &amp; m
urban outfitters is littered with em
he smacks him with the laptop
teachers are always walking out on fights instead of stopping them
i'm her brother and i'm 44 bruh like come one
at least you're on the list.
i'm also not gonna doubt the timing of the king of timing things out right
i mean i knew it before but ur tweets confirm it
can skittles sue for using their name in this horrible ad?
...actually, possibly.
i would totally invite myself if i wasnt on vacation omg kinda pissed
wish u could come!
i think the 55+ legacy candidate approach is done. dems would have to go semi-socialist (warren), while gop tries paul ryan.
beyond that, i got nothin'.
you tweeted it after...nvm lol have a gn sir
and you took my subtweet serious after i say don't take twitter serious lol smh
a clean cut is cute i'm jss
kid he has a woman calm down horny
"if i was white they'd call me a civic leader" -- rose pak. who died sunday aged 68
racism is alive and well, thanks for that tidbit mam.
bloopers from jimmy's open with &amp; more tonight on !
i love this it was oddly sexi
tryna cut down on shoes hmu if you interested both size 12!!!!
cherries gone still got grapes
ahmad khan rahami, suspect in new york bombing, known as quiet, reserved
hated america and homosexuals
at in , what a great event
glad you enjoyed! thanks for joining us!
punch him next time
i gave him the stalest face he didn't even believe me! like why tf would i lie about my name
nyc peeps: times square? really?
i love a couple blocks away and kinda regularly go through there en route to other places. not that terrible.
11 months
spent really well
rip to both
a big rt to that.
i haven't put a case on since i got it friday. it's a bit slippery though!
i was literally having a panic attack for the few hours i had to go with out a case.
the only reason i go back to nyc so much is honestly for and
honestly i'm so happy u come back so much
it went well. it is so much faster in piano than in the music video (lol) thanks for your love and support
this is apparently what i looked like mid-performance. lol.
this hella reminded me of u
me as hell
we know the feeling.
don't lie to us, you already have both: problem solved!
forest path originally blazed by walt whitman worn down by over a century of travelers
check for ticks
hey did i miss your birthday? i hope you had a great one!
thanks david!!
the next time someone asks me how the candidacy happened - i will direct my friend to the answer:
had no clue stockman had a new book out; ordered.
wow, ... the future of the org?
lots of good publicity for a guy down in a league where they see if they can teach someone baseball :)
i've never been much of a sipper. that's what always gets me in trouble.
i was a trainwreck from the age of 21-22. so i don't really drink anymore.
ritz crackers, i hope :-)
lol! darlin' what ever sits better on your ritz...
do you feel that paterno`s religious affiliation,catholic,had any bearing on his willingness to look the other way?
i'm not sure. i like to believe he might have been less callous and cold-hearted than just wanting not to know. willful ignorance.
or you do because protests have you scared, and you let your nerves get the better of you.
protests in tulsa? non-existent before last night. no reason for nerves and 5+ units all en route to scene with lights/sirens
its okay im here for you
thanks i'm going to need it
the truth is we out here
my psych book is... one big meme
they are literally playing the imperial march on the organ as the giants walk out in dodger stadium
the yankees get that regularly--at home. evil empire and all.
if anyone knows any good books please lmk :)
sweethearts idk who it's by but the end made me cry
. that was a dark day in history
lmao it really was
november 9 at barnes &amp; noble (union square). event with at 7pm
super i'll be there
about to call [powerful ny cable internet company] to cancel my service and switch to [better cable internet company] please pray for me
is this about verizon? it's gotta be
if trump is a movement of white racial resentment, what is it that white americans stand to lose, exactly?
the ones in question have already pretty much lost it all. read rustbelt. no income no self respect. karma's a bitch. hell 2 pay
yeah it's an absolute nightmare
and the soup i waited 20minutes in line for sucked.
wow! man i'm sorry that's crazy. you need anything?
i don't my brother. but my family is doing what they can while they can.
can you really go to jail and get your car towed for going 90?
i got pulled over for passing a cop cuz he was going slow. i wasn't even speeding
emmy winner's purse stolen from seat while she accepted award; not theft; just redistributing the wealth of a 1 percenter.
lol. your are very sharp my friend. i wanted u for potus. pls help trump be presidential
yeah just hit the mic next to space. you have to enable dictation
yea i hit the mic like before but u mean enable in settings?
that's almost a good deal
please im dying from the lack of milkshakes... and friends.
he's been added to the bae list. :d
he used to be way more bae when he was younger. he looks like he's had a rough few years. but he still looks good
agree on needing bike share info. i found the "transit" app to be incredibly helpful for that
recently returned to , app is far superior to where it was in 1st year.
thanks for aggregating for me.
this has me so confused. seriously...
what's the best email client for mac? i'm using outlook and it's just awful compared to the pc version
if you find out please tell me. i stopped using mac mail in favour of gmail but need a native os alternative
side note: saying "i have a thick skin because i've been doing oss for a long time" is a pretty shitty statement on oss, but there it is.
not necessarily causal; i was doing oss a long time but i got worn down with way less flak than you've gotten.
thanks for the invite
can we go to friendly's soon plz thanks ily
it's true. but unless he always knew they'd suppress our votes, he should have shifted.
agree. he lived through it too. confusing.
there are many people in minnesota glad that their protest went nowhere
yes bad never works long term right?..
i was thinking i'm going to divorce you real soon
but who will be my xmas tree? haha!
i never post selfies on here and i love snapchat filters anyways so
yes girl work
mvp of the day: schumann
why cause you threw your backpack away in that class?
you mean when cops blocking the dash cam can say he was going for a weapon and shoot him from 3 ft out?
that's possible but the chopper cam and vehicle evidence should provide a clearer picture.
what he did was uncalled for lol
facts!! lol. that was childish.
silicon valley - where your writing presentations in the birthing suite while your wife labors.....
so, any update?
i hear a v8 outside my house
that's my fart
"retard" is an offensive term, try "sophomoric" and "lack of critical thinking".
i'm glad that's how you describe yourself.
----&gt;&gt;&gt;-----video: gbangucci ft. olamide - baby boo nwayo reloaded -
attention star is out
why do you ask
because i mentioned you in a tweet as "claire" and was like that's not it at all but also is that even her name?
the mole shoots and scores!
the mole is at it again
still beautiful
and you're still so so kind
okay but why aren't i kissing someone right now
come to upstate ny ;)
link is not available. could you help us out with it? thanks! :)
please try this:
have fun! i am at sf meetup and will be there (hopefully :)
hurry. i am eating all the food.
ironside is a fun one, and it's set in san francisco.
oooh that's a good one! i've only seen a few episodes of that!
im always a little sad that i wasn't into wrestling when he was around, everything ive seen of him is so cool
he was just infinitely charming. he turned a storyline about his ged class prom night into a genuinely sweet scene.
i'm not getting anything out of this, so why am i doing it?
you better not be talking about volleyball
my new favourite thing
keep this stuff up and we're gonna make the mom bod and dad bod a reality
failed to comply with lawful orders. he walked away from police after being told to get down. dumb move.
he put his hands in his vehicle and stood there. kill yourself
nigga you the one who got mad and said "like i care" lmaooo my joke tweet clearly got you upset
how is that being upset? you're childish and i said "lol like i care" when clarifies i was laughing... upset while laughing. k
above your head. i knew rev. jim jones, went to his church. he was as charismatic as any isis leader
did you know?
i understand why is a little off in his delivery.he's probably as choked up as me from the tribute to our friend eddie.
it's understandable. he was your friend and he lives on through stories and memories of the people he met
didn't you say it was in september after ponycon?
it wasn't too long ago.
i was a late bloomer. didn't get corrupted until 23 or so.
well when i use to walk into work with a hangover atleast 3 days a week i knew it had to end
now start working on that transcontinental wine pipeline that i've been dreaming of
good idea! like a wine hyper loop! haha
want facts this clown has been to w. house almost 100 times
deflect deflect deflect. you have no answer for producing yrs old images n saying it happened today
instant street cred: me: whatcha reading? teen: girl genius. it's-- me: oh yeah, phil did the intro to the digger omnibus. teen: *blinking*
that's always fun.
congratulations you're the lucky winner in 's daily contest! collect your prize tomorrow...
thanks!!!!!
is this about verizon? it's gotta be
matt dont switch to verizon they are as scummy as the bottom of the ocean
why does nbcny have an advanced storm truck? yes it can help with severe weather but big severe weather outbreaks are not common in nyc
hahaha nyc could use some. mobile dopplers
no matter who the president, he/she has to make out with saudi and israel
because.... ?
righhhtt.. we believe you
is it too soon if i use a zorak pic?
here's a good comparison: our property taxes are about what our food bill will be after geek moves out, &amp; we eat some organic)
mine are approximately similar. either number is vastly out of reach for my gf if she weren't living with me.
good gosh, man. redskins, trump voters, "all lives matter", name your applicability.
boom -- you're right. it's the be-all, end-all ap -- for confederate flag supporters, for concussion deniers, everyone.
when u back in sf? in palo alto now. be in sf tmrw and menlo park tues evening / wed.
i'm back! let's meetup in mp. shoot me a cal invite at pete.ai
need some trap beats send em to my email : montanaomw.com
ii gt beats type in bites
oof. no matter what, we have some really bizarre years ahead of us. fun.
luckily, even if trump wins i doubt he gets much done. even most house republicans can't stand the guy--dems go without saying.
yep we don't hit him when thor pitches we have to win those games smh
yeah i got a feeling we will blow the wild card lead
future multiple lady byng winner connor mcdavid whistled for an impressive backcheck. rest, sweet prince. save your energy.
the counter it negated, too....
so bob eats a poison mnm on train 1 at 3:30. when does he die relative to alice on train 2 and relative to mel at the station?
oh, skittles. i lost track of where one ridiculous metaphor starts and the other one ends.
i get it but this some dumb ass advice. meek should throw his life away over a fraud?! nah
yeah man that was such a stupid comment even for gillie
when your uber says "arriving now" but it's actually still three blocks away
the eye roll no you didn't
hey guys!!i'm happier with my body now as i was at 20, because the body i have today is for which i worked. i...
love the outfit.
hows about ? ( but i'll also send you an email :)
looking forward to it
oh. i guess they did it already. small group of hazees: suarez, okert, law and blach.
got a photo of all four?
police capture suspect in new york-area bombings after shootout
high five to law enforcement for quick capture. they brought him in alive..wow! so suspects don't have to be killed
"oh, miz is still champ of some bullshit belt."
"ay yo. dontchu know how important this belt is, chico?"
but i worked so hard on this belly
i mean other women shaming women! men do it by default
side note: saying "i have a thick skin because i've been doing oss for a long time" is a pretty shitty statement on oss, but there it is.
anything new i release is gonna be licensed agpl and possibly marked unmaintained from the start to limit the amount of randos
i'm still amazed that the braves beat thor
the mets are always so scared against the braves no matter who is playing. why the mets don't fight back is beyond me.
it's still kinda cool from an engineering and programming standpoint.
admittedly there are some cool aspects. the conspiracy theorist in me thinks they're trying to do away with reg cars
oh, skittles. i lost track of where one ridiculous metaphor starts and the other one ends.
i say we ban all candy until we can give the mars company a proper investigation! it's only sensible.
plot twist: the cat is a cybernetic android made of metal
regardless if he was metal or not i still want a stray cat !at least a plushie of him 2 cuddle, that arc made me cry so bad
lmao i'd be so nervous hahahh
dude, we definitely gotta do a dating show game show nj! do you put out on first dates? ';l)
i think bum is tired of hearing have his number. one of his best innings in a while.
he thinks it's october!
i also make beanies for the menfolk $10
i'll actually buy a beanie lol
----&gt;&gt;&gt;-----video: gbangucci ft. olamide - baby boo nwayo reloaded -
brand new tune kadondo
question: as an lgbtq+ individual in america, what is the most important issue to you right now?
stopping donald trump.
they are not going to win every single game. there will be more losses along the way
tonight's loss was unacceptable with noah on the mound and a scrub with an 8 era pitching, unaccountable tonight
i don't know if i quite get the question?... but before 2011 it was well-off w/o having many fancy/trendy restaurants
spago was swanky in its day
well, that too. (btw, how bad will the us team get drilled tomorrow by canada?)
call me cynical, but i think beats tomorrow night by the score of infinity to negative infinity. roughly.
is it too soon if i use a zorak pic?
never too soon with elvis.
forgetting performance, how do you compare the old r8 v10 &amp; new in terms of design. which do you...
i like the new style.
you saw that? no, for letting me sleep:/
yeah, how could i not there was a backpack straight chilling in the trash can and you came in with two and left with one
luckily, even if trump wins i doubt he gets much done. even most house republicans can't stand the guy--dems go without saying.
but our sociopolitical discourse will be stuck in the toilet. hillary will get gridlocked too... but it'll be less painful.
jay mcnabb completes a pass to the ground...hey he was open...
i once heard cutler could throw a football through a tire. then i found out the tire had to be on the ground.
full house at + arduino workshop! check out the table of awesome shirts
i had such a great time!! thank you for supplies and hosting !
is a magical creature made up of laughs and insight. we can't get enough of him:
this is wonderful, sir! :)
but they said they went in july
it got extended.
guys, tonight i met the (the creator of sabrina the teenage witch and a great writer/ director) and she was so funny and amazing.
also, she told me that sabrina producers shared an office with buffy producers
the quote tweet may be one of the best features we've created, especially for political commentary.
crazy to think we lived so long without it... how fast we adapt
----&gt;&gt;&gt;-----video: gbangucci ft. olamide - baby boo nwayo reloaded -
brand new tune
did we have hw for pankratz
just to finish that annotations. for the two articles.
finding articles online is my least favorite thing about school
what's school?
it clearly got to you if you instantly subtweeted lmao
nigga yes you made me think of the tweet, but it directs to everyone who follows me like you can't b this weird
you always try to stop me . you should've seen me at thespian banquet during the prayer. people started staring at me.
dude yes &amp; ur dad would stare us down like forgive us for being unholy but when was the last time u stepped in a church sir. sir?
ok but rob's commentary is so funny
i've actually never watched it with the commentary i've only seen those gifs about his collar but i'm sure it's gold
part of my ongoing campaign to redefine male corporate casual
just leaving this hear without comment or any claim to know what's in fashion:
i agree i loved when geno would say ni$&amp;&amp;@ cotton: jesus christ geno i'm right here.
miss my man
old ideas repurposed in new ways always works! just read a chapter about how that concept worked for 's frozen.
doesn't need to be original to be great :)
they tweeted. i responded. they blocked.
wow. more brittle than i expected.
forever jealous of the girls who have rocket bods and diets that are 99% pizza and burgers
like i breathe near a bag of potato chips and i gain like 334343 pounds
he treated the situation,institution over people,much the same way the catholic church handled the same situation.coincidence?
possibly. i mean, penn st. honoring him on saturday was like the catholic diocese of boston honoring cardinal law for good works.
and this picture lol
and this one with special guest star
big as shout out to gabby, for staying to help me out with my car. ment a lot
any time young loops
while dems quibble over wordplay, rouses massive fl crowd w/speech on nat'l security &amp; defeating r...
trump's speech was like a nazi nuremberg rally! i fear another shoah of the 6,000,000!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what's going on? why still no water?
pipes are broken down and full of lead. takes time to get new pipes.
it totally doesn't feel like the are winning this game does it?
this is shit football all the way around
when you reach the point where you can't live unless you're drunk, high, or maintaining a constant nicotine buzz, you're already dead.
this seems pretty deep. you good bro?
i'm not missing the point. you said: "a bomb in a dumpster is terrorism." i said: "not always." you said: "jesus, t...
if pressure cookers had not been inside dumpsters and both had gone off, maiming dozens, would that have fit your definition?
"third time you've called me today, whaddup" - the way that had adjusted to my antics
there are so many ways i could answer your phone calls, thank god there are so many of them
the mets have been so good at beating bad teams recently too. guess that's just baseball.
the mets could be spotted 40 runs and the braves could only use one player and the braves would always win.
i changed shoes before the evening celebration lol.
good choice.
i cannot tell a lie
i didn't delete any emails
my undergrad diploma just says "bachelor of arts"
so this is acceptable then?
is just started with ...
at an further undisclosed location...
the mets have been so good at beating bad teams recently too. guess that's just baseball.
so... fuck the braves always.
paige boobs cute
paige you are very beautiful when you pose for pictures your eyes are gorgeous. please write back, bill hoegler.
i had afters this weekend at chain fest and asked me if i sucked off a smurf
lmfao your shit was dumbass blue my dude hahahah. i mean we were down south so i guess it's appropriate hahaha
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
then tell your father to end his silly campaign
so proud of 's leadership. without an education there can be no hope ...
thanks for all of your support for the !
thanks. i think that it still hurts me is why this bothers me. if he's being unfairly analyzed...he's a boy whose sister died.
yes. i've noticed an increasing unwillingness to allow for kids being kids.
if i leave a comment for student on an answer will i get a notification if they comment back? using comments for re-take/feedback
joseph, you are 100% we need to include a notification system. we will work on that.
i'm so sorry that happened to you. i hate bullies. i know what bulling is like bc i'm bullied alot.
my advice is to always stand up for yourself. never let bullies take you down.
i want more nautical horror.
well ghost ship is slightly a remake/rip off of this pretty boring movie
it was triggering
its okk. now u have experience
i never loved you, i just didn't want anyone else to have you..
is this about a rat
meh bose all the way.
can't compare. i just know sonos sounds good!
this guy dresses up as his mom to buy alcohol
dude i totally think u could pull this off haha
i came home earlier &amp; this foo was all tucked in wtf lmfaoo
trying to wake me up in the morning
i don't expect organization the wants to privatize to function properly. they want private schools, prisons an...
. but didn't hillary clinton take a crapload of $$$ from private prisons?
he wasn't 10, he was 13. and the night mcquerey saw him in the shower, he wasn't abused. at least according to him
my god, man, you guys go to earth's end to minimize child sexual abuse, grown men taking showers with kids. surreal.
any team can win any night. so twins should of won yesterday cause ynoa era was 15.00
well to be fair ynoa only pitched like 6 innings, this scrub had like 15 starts lol
how warped is this, though? we pay (the cops' salaries) to get killed.
officers should be suspended without pay on questionable shooting
snowden will not be pardoned, and deluding yourself into thinking it's possible demonstrates a profound disconnect
that's the difference between reality and hope. hope exists where reality is absent.
&gt;but there's a /lot/ more poisoned candy in that metaphor
ok but we're presupposing i don't want to eat the poisoned candy
i will not bow to you useless, racist black fucks because you don't like to hear the truth.
handle my lightweight
lmao, if you're trying to provoke convos just own it bro! don't do this hmmmm this is interesting for that church! lololol
this makes catholics sound like socially awkward middle schoolers basically, which seems not quite right
nars radiant creamy concealer or urban decay weightless complete coverage concealer? makeup gurus please help
i like the naked one
even if you're not a military dork, this article is fascinating (and terrifying):
first order of business: ditch the brainwave control system.
i don't even know you but this tweet made me smile. i'm glad you're doing so well :)
thank you so much! i appreciate all of the love and support
i want a drone to fly on my balcony..
never on my balcony much since i've quit ciggys :-(
----&gt;&gt;&gt;-----video: gbangucci ft. olamide - baby boo nwayo reloaded -
brand new tune
amazing rally in florida - this is a movement! join us today at
trump need to close his mouth about law enforcement don't mess with the nypd/nycdoc backoff
pretty nail life is hard, girl. hard work and money. neither of which i can sustain.
i'm saying. i regret quitting my old job but getting paid $8.05 &amp; only getting 11 hours weekly wasn't doing me any justice so bye
just classic tbh
at least joe walsh capitalized "skittles"
yeah. jon arbuckle probably reads 'garfield' in the paper everyday.
in the same way that r.kelly almost certainly listens to r.kelly all day long.
thanks for bringing a smile to my face this morning with the hashtag i love you all
you help bring a smile to our faces so it only makes sense if we offer it back!
~oh jeez, senile ?~ link: oracle is starting a price war with amazon - business insider -
i'm encouraged that someone beside softlayer is offering high perf bare metal as a service. different buyer than aws...
wow i really missed glee, the early glee...
me everyday
when your gym teacher threatens your grade
oh my. it's like when i saw men's speed walking in the olympics for the 1st time. i watched it on a loop!! lol
what is stranger things about
watch and find out
omg i'm so sorry i'm in tears hearing this. are you ok? i'm so sorry. that's terrible.im sad this happened to you. i'm sorry
yes! that's the moral of my story! i am okay and it does get better! the darkness doesn't last forever!
what are my alter egos? (the names i used to have instead of sebastian rivera)
lost boy, punk
aw, suprise you had money for two cons in a row.
it was an exhibit, not a con.
hahaha, nice plug buddy.
retweet buddy!
charleston has a large jewish community. my end of the state not so much.
it wasn't the size of the community so much as the atmosphere as a whole
i want more nautical horror.
well ghost ship is slightly a remake/rip off of this pretty boring movie
apple should make a macbook pro with the same black finish as iphone 7, right?
i think we are all collectively over "space gray"
that's not even trying to be clever, why are greentards such dumbasses?
it wasn't meant to be clever. that further show hillbots like you are the true dumbasses.
i wanna church gurl that go to church
and read 'er bible
----&gt;&gt;&gt;-----video: gbangucci ft. olamide - baby boo nwayo reloaded -
brand new tune
i've had it happen 3 times since i moved back
terrible. i am tired of uber and giving them my money.i think they noticed because they have started sending me 50% off rides
well, they weren't built to score goals, so lombardi and torts would consider that mission accomplished.
and, honestly, why would you build a hockey team that could score goals? i mean, that's crazy talk.
where pure beauty resides, some efforts are completely superfluous.
which face masks do you use?? beauty secrets please
so basically u want a tpm?? :s
no gah, i eh mind that but no
lmao that was a fun night
lol yeah we had our futures told by a beach hobo
pretty sure brett hull and chris chelios just made fun of kuznetsov's english during the second intermission interview.
yup! and props to for trying to work past it, but hull kept going with it.
absolutely thrilled to talk all things strategy, brands and tomorrow at ! read more here
glad to be here. it's boo!
this makes catholics sound like socially awkward middle schoolers basically, which seems not quite right
i mean this can't be a universal transhistorical catholic issue
don't worry. useless said it's not terrorism. just someone placing bombs around nyc.
... mayor deblasio is a jerk/idiot.
when tells it like it is &amp; fearmongering supporters spew ignorance.. read
it's the height of something to lose a rigged primary &amp; then ask peeps to vote for the "winner". wtf?
aight twitter, i just finished tales of zestiria. what should i play next?
picross 3d 2 amirite
bay area traffic today was insane
280 south?! i'm going crazy and now i'm 30 minutes late for my dinner plans
yes he also did moltar
c. martin croker, the adult swim legend.
that's not even trying to be clever, why are greentards such dumbasses?
it's also further proven by your wasting your time trolling stein's site. adorable.
who's trying to come over after school and play 2k with me and nic
stay for soccer tmm
yes he also did moltar
we need an adult swim hall of fame.
real or rumor: swing to be deprecated in java 10. thoughts?
deprecate it like most of the date class. it will be around for years but deprecation tells new devs to use javafx..
dang. shipped from amazon or 3rd party?
direct from amazon.
requested by popular demand: blaze
look at that baseball bat of his
i know it's like this every single year so i shouldn't be surprised, but there shouldn't be so many blue jays fans at safeco. ridiculous.
the cascadia match yesterday probably didn't help any.
i am not sold on that offense at all. i think packer opinions would come in on all sides.
think cobb will start to play better? or is this what we can expect?
what about my ingram for charles and ware? ppr
yeah, i'd do that. i think jc will be the clear lead back in kc relatively soon.
she's also from san francisco a pretty cancerous place
land of the gay, home of the hyphy
somali muslims harass american citizen on minnesota street
...shameful situation.
so beautiful! great captures
thank you! i was lucky to do so!
help me represent
i'm voting for you!
and i've been reading your tweets and your story and you should be so proud of yourself
thank you, love! i am it was a long road of self hatred and self doubt but i finally got here!
at , but i don't plan on singing tonight. just quietly celebrating
nice bar. been to that and one on 3rd ave
q3: how do you manage spam in comments?
especially when they leave links to drive to other places without conversation first?
yeah, fdr was in tip-top shape. and lincoln was a pacifist.
fdr's mind was in tip top shape, unlike hillary. and lincoln was no interventionist: terrible false equivalency.
hey, we're just taking a look into this, since it's so large we're going to message you via customersatisfaction.com.
okay thanks
wow. more brittle than i expected.
we can be quite fragile, as you know!
convinced that *part* of trump's is to have ppl debate race and deflect from the very real fact that his policies r trash
this is the case for many government officials. it is what it is!!!
how can you write the wire and do something that i'd imagine the dad from modern family doing
at least during the turkey coup he had the excuse that he was drunk at laguardia
it screams metroid, it's what federation force should have been. also seems similar to jet force gemini.
maybe rare through their 2 cents in. that's why recore came with banjo kazooie lol
i haven't been paying attention, but it's kiefer sutherland &amp; terrorism, right? what reason is there to think it might be ok?
true. the latest batch of commercials are pushing away from the terrorism angle, but i'm still worried.
hometown // fall away (hq version) ((full version coming soon))
this is lit fam
i just love horror on the ocean. i'll have to check that out
there was a great time in the 80's where they had a few nautical/underwater sea creature flicks that are really fun
bloomberg reporter asks clinton if isis, or russians, staged terror attacks to help trump because it's 'widely seen' they prefer trump.
the msm is now officially hillary's pravda
i use both but lyft has been better lately
uber and lyft so cheap in the chi. i loved it !
he gave up on math because he's gay
i always knew he was gay
grime rapper from manchester he's proper sick lad x
all i wanna know is when you're gonna hook me up with a url
how did wendy mix monsters with beyhive
she calls every stanbase beyhive or hive fjfnfn
going through my iphoto has me missing college
release those for the tl. we tryna feel nostalgic too
i'm weak thou...and i am in tears wishing that non of this happened to you you are a good person. and when-
you are not weak! you are so strong! you just haven't believed in yourself enough to realize that.
he gave us our spirit animals lol
lol yeah, and then you ate shit while standing on the swing
yea but shut up no one cares what u have to say u are just an inferior woman
hey wana see something cool
ur so pretty stop
have you seen yourself?!?! you stop then ill stop
lol ily this is seriously me w/ my nigga though i miss you too bro, how've you been?!?
we must catch up lol
hey guys!!i'm happier with my body now as i was at 20, because the body i have today is for which i worked. i...
beauty is in the eye of the beholder. never compare or let anyone compare u with anyone else. u r perfect just d way u r.
no. i havn't been there. my coast is allright thoug, :)
how nice!!! where is that?
reminds gruden of alex smith? i was hoping for better than that.
there's a compliment in there somewhere
think about this: the bomber got into a gun fight with officers but he is still alive!! i guess you don't have to die if you don't comply
now if only all other cops acted this way. don't cops have to pass target practice? they can't hit an arm or leg?
we about to pull up into church blastin wu tang cuz our uber driver is legit.
me as an uber driver
based on an extremely convenient sample of app screenshots in the search results, no.
also, holy hell look at this f'n monstrosity.
so, more serious matters. we've never discussed this. a1 sauce on your steak or nah, my ni...friends?
a1 is for burgers not steak.
ironside is a fun one, and it's set in san francisco.
oh wait there is a new series, do you mean the old one or the new one?
okay but did her album go triple platinum with no features?
michael stop!!!!!!!!! this is actually not okay. oh my gawd
this new ben affleck movie, if it came out 10 years ago, woulda 1 starred george clooney, w tom hanks as the cop 2 woulda been 1000% better
well i know what you two are doing
no that's not it. it's because it doesn't make any sense! dig deeper! not holding my breath. media is all about joe blame game.
joepa didn't commit crime. but at the very least, he didn't want to know. best you can say is he was so willfully ignorant
yeah i get it. i'm on i-10. i heard you the first time. lol
i-10 is that san antonio area or am i way off?
i'm not a one of the guys type of guy
dope pic, can't even see the selfie stick
i will be interviewed on the - tonight from florida, now. enjoy!
so what
the "sinnerman" apple watch synch is good, but it really just makes me think of the thomas crowne affair.
tangential subtweet: the miami vice movie is underrated.
i can't wait to watch this show
greatest thing ever
i really wanted to like notd, but the humor didn't work for me. that bauhaus dance scene is amazing, though.
try watching the sequel. it doesn't take itself seriously at all
would like us all to vote trump, and bring back internment camps. ::bangs head repeatedly against wall::
dear god, that samsung thing almost made sense. i'm going to go drown myself in the tub. hope your date is going well.
shit i just realized im only 3 in dog years
i know you corrected yourself but this is still funny
hillary says offending muslims causes them to act in terrorist attacks. but she says muslims do not act in terrorist attacks. i'm confused
you can't blame her, she has dp. delusional pneumonia. if you're delusional, she has pneumonia.
lol he nice for that !
very clever
yes. i've noticed an increasing unwillingness to allow for kids being kids.
not just cute, childish kids. but overwhelmed or anxious or confused kids with distinct but still-developing personalities.
far from over. they are not going to win every game, giants and cardinals are not good
i don't know your opinion on this, but i think if the mets are in the wild card game, i'd go colon over noah, what do u think?
twinnn what am i reading. my eyes
close your eyes if you don't like what ur reading
cheating isn't always kissing, touching, or flirting. if you gotta delete text messages so your partner won't seem em, you're already there
try not to let it bother you. you are just a bit scared.
i haven't been paying attention, but it's kiefer sutherland &amp; terrorism, right? what reason is there to think it might be ok?
they've been pushing the "i have to rebuild the government" angle now. that could be interesting.
leo, 10, feels that he's both a boy and a girl, &amp; hopes people will not be rude about that.
why are these parents subjecting their child to this kind of publicity? do they have an attention-seeking personality disorder?
leftist ny times skips abortion protests, but loves indians against a pipeline
.. the times forgot their theme "all the news that's fit to print"; instead they are now dem sold man.
overall that would make driving safer. there are way too many stupid drivers. lol
many, many stupid drivers. it's freedom issue for me and i'm not sure i'd trust them. computers always fuck up imo
i deff think it's the brother. did you see how he acted about the bowl pineapples?
oh yeah it totally was him... he just had an interview on dr phil and he laughed through the whole thing.... sickening
stop by my shop during lunch
i'll stop by after i get my check out paper work. i'll text lelli tonight.
you're extremely gorgeous
aww thank you
when i saw this, i googled "skittles racist memes" because i figured skittles was a crazy dogwhistle. i was right:...
yeah, ever since trayvon martin, iirc.
i mean this can't be a universal transhistorical catholic issue
like "fellowship" is a gross word but surely this applies more to midcentury rcs in md than to 18th century italians
or try a test conversion which you can then track and remove from the system afterwards?
ah, good tips! thanks so much, i appreciate it.
a2: smiling means so much. being happy &amp; wanting to be with their children-feeling privileged to work w all.
smiles are powerful
if a person is serious about their faith,their church is almost exclusively what drives their moral compass.
i believe in happy valley, penn state football was the church for many people -- and it still drives their moral compass.
why are the mets incapable of beating the braves always?
well, the good news is that the cubs can't beat us, so we just gotta hang on until nlcs
i love her so much
sounds about right.
crazy rooster crowing midnight balls of lightning roll along
where was that gig?
yeah, that's never fun. especially when dealing with the public.
coworkers would complain i smelled like cheap booze. how rude
this peckerhead thought he was gonna be a hero. he posted it thinkin of his dad's face when he struck out as a kid.
my voice is gone, but i got a hearty air-laugh out of "peckerhead." can you moderate a debate?
should i buy pbr and go to the world trade
now attempting phase one
haven't met either of you but swear i understand your conversation. i've had it so many tim...
look at that angel!
i wanna do the same thing
you guys don't have the balls
no, i gathered that your normal replies won't work any differently than they do now. everyone will see them only if you rt yourself.
new rules say you nip longer need to do .@ because all tweets beginning @ will go out to everyone automatically.
the most depressing song.
not depressing. i actually have m.a.s. in my solo show lol
yea i do, help a brotha out
start watching videos on clutch prep on youtube, skim chpts 1-7 in second language and her slides.
loved ur interview | this is a gem // "i simple want to serve as an example of what blessings in action look like"
thank you for reading!!!
. so a vote for you is a vote for "resistance" then? if that's the case why even vote? non-voting is its own type of resistance.
it's tangible resistance as it shows the dems the cost of rigging primaries for corrupt warmongers. they lose progressive votes
visible satellite image of hugo as it made a beeline towards charleston, south carolina as a cat 4 w/ 140 mph winds.
the outflow channel extending from hugo over the southeast will forever be seared into my memory
rt to win: morphe 35t palette (must be following me so i can dm winner)
it's literally shook
what did you just say? tl;dr
hahaha ... most believable. are we there yet?
"what if someone died with their dress on and then there was a skeleton in a dress?" -- my 4yo, future level designer.
what if they had to communicate a written message-a dire warning, say-to future passersby, but no writing implements were at hand
do you need me to fly in, or???
lol! right!!! because people sleeping on my yelp elite events
if michael jackson was white, couldn't dance, couldn't sing and smoked heroin, he'd be corey feldman. i think.
you are right sir
within 9 mins, he went from praising law enforcement to saying they failed
why haven't they hung him for treason!
anything new i release is gonna be licensed agpl and possibly marked unmaintained from the start to limit the amount of randos
it's probably more honest to call it unmaintained anyway since i will maintain things at my own pace, not on-demand.
all he wants is a slice of pizz. cmon.
he is a very good pup i mean he's earned it
can't edit itineraries built from actual receipts - sometimes true destination doesn't match airport, but you can add a city
getting the same thing with my own trip now :(
extremely thankful for the people in my life.
you're welcome
pucker up // 36x48 // acrylic on canvas // contact: michaelturchinart.com for pricing info...
omg!! so love this!!
dashcam records fatal moment in china when autopilot sends driver head on with truck
i predict that will remove autopilot soon. it's really autodeath!
held that man hostage &amp; told him to clean up his own shit lol
damn right...he caught him in the act he not going nowhere
yea i do, help a brotha out
i'm busy tomorrow with my dad and meetings for the club but wednesday i can def help you in person
is this about all those times i talked shit about
i wasn't gonna call you out but yes.
okay but you tried that shit and you have to admit it was bomb
true bruh that shit was lightweight good tbh hahah
"punish" is goofy. rnc chief says he will punish candidates who don't back donald trump. he can't.
the and its chairman blew up already worse then the bomb in nyc, it blew up all over the nation in his face.
right? there's more ways than just scoring more goals than your opponent to win a hockey game, right?
i mean, there's having more grit than your opponent, more jam than your opponent more blocked shots and...
an aging grandmother who can't get over being old should be allowed to have repeated cosmetic surgery on the taxpayer dime?
i'll fucking get back to you when it's a real problem, not now when people with faces smashed in have to beg.
i shed one single tear
i cry for summer 2013 in sayville every time.
wow for real? should i look that up sometime?
i haven't seen it in a while, but i remember it being very sweet! it was supposed to be about a heel eddie seducing chyna
yeah, fuck those dudes. during it on our night too. they sent me friend request &amp; all the homies too.
wow. if it makes u feel any better, id go to yours over theirs any day. also, fuck yellow card
*we* were the jury. well, i know i was judging at least...
well, they'd better pay me day rate then :)
who was thinking about the game prior to this? he wrote this long shit, get on camera so beans can see say all what was wrote!
that's what i keep saying when they last time you heard somebody say "i'm listening to the game"
clinton called racists deplorable, and it led to a media freak out. trump jr. called refugees skittles. can we expect proportional response?
when media further explores trump's bigotry, ties to russia, bribes, taxes &amp; melania's shady background, to name a few, maybe.
i only fw the imessage features
thats why i want it!! fuck it imma do it
who dat?!
this. so wonderful to see you!
ayy another subtweet haha ur mad or something bro?
why do you assume i'm mad? nigga i don't care about your opinion these tweets are not directly straight to you or else id tag...
i love the quote on her instagram from call cause in her way is the danger zone
that wasn't the actual quote i just put it that way to see it follow rosemary on her instagram and also on youtube
love the look of these images!
thanks gerry. that one shot might have made the whole film effort worthwhile. definitely creepy/cool.
ryan mathews must've done something really mean to someone
oh is he still on this team?
haha damn bro this was against me, i honestly couldn't believe how lucky i was getting
my tweet @ u earlier was out of frustration, thats just on me and i didn't mean it, my bad
been on this dating site now for a cpl mo's &amp; its horrible..what gets me the most r these guys who ask for a pic of my stick. i don't get it
you should send them a pix of a va jay jay
no more sorrow ft with ontop
new tune star is out
in collaboration with we're humbled to work w/ our peers in support of sustainable development....
what say you about skittles poisonous refugee trump comment? be global call it racist and bad
you clearly don't understand the trump philosophy. rt : this! it's called "the greater good"
they need to watch star trek when spock sacrifices himself lol
hilary clinton destroys trump with a presidential response to chelsea explosion
according to hrc's response to the nyc bombing may have killed her campaign.
sorry. too dangerous to play chicken with trump right now. you guys haven't picked up enough momentum
sorry, too dangerous 2 vote for a corrupt warmonger like hillary after the millions she helped kill in iraq, libya &amp; hondurs
tried monterey 2014 pinot noir before. tonight i am tasting the one from sonoma coast.
huge fan. feedback please
firefighters escort intoxicated suspect off roof, ending standoff
another example of overused swat.....it's as though it's like practice....thank god he didn't get shot trying to kill himself
i think the fuck not!
they're chic ur wrong
the white broccoli
i o most ate one to barbara and sandy house i wanted to cry
shut up harry
lol wow a fan parody account. so mad on line
chick fil-a sucks b
you take that back
gianfranco rosi's fire at sea obliterated me.
you have to be careful with fire, bilge.
lol. i don't get that gore lost more voters to bush than nadar? it seems u don't get it
nader cost the democrats florida. what don't you understand? you need help brother.
carson wentz is gonna need a tylenol
maybe a wheelchair instead of a tylenol
hi, can you help me out with a news app i built? i'm looking for a feedback that will help improve it
which? i don't recommend news apps to anyone
by the time faux-logic melts away, the person this is aimed at is already afraid which i think is all he wants.
oh yeah for sure. it's obviously not intended as any kind of conversation.
and if reddit does have that user data, obstruction of justice becomes a fact and not theory.
they have nightly backups bare minimum, likely more frequent. and will honor the preservation request because they aren't crooks
you tweeted this same thing four days ago. amy
no you shut your mouth that is the worst thing you could say to me!!!!!!
if all we get is more sprawl and more carbon emissions, how many lives will self driving cars *actually* save?
do you have a good sense of the answer here? i see potential trade-offs in either direction.
wow for real? should i look that up sometime?
to get a competitive advantage, but he was way too sweet and goofy to boo.
i hope you got everything you asked for
still waiting on that penthouse apartment and manservant. but otherwise, i sure did!
im so sorry to hear that, but i'm glad you're okay, always love to read that, just prove it to myself how strong we are+
thank you, sweetpea! we are strong! we just have to believe in ourselves.
voice is chat's next battleground via &gt;&gt; looking forward to ur thoughts on this in 2 weeks
wrote about this a while back - - not without challenges but huge opportunity.
and is giving out his new book to
well he was lacking some android skills :p
i've thought about giving it a try. i felt like its a series that i should like
i remember not loving notd the first time. but multiple viewings and it grew on me. but i love the sequel
why is crowd fucking dead
it's tennessee, dude. 99% of the people there suck
ottawa to impose a national carbon price on the provinces
bullying tactic, disgusting.
fat boys were the shit back in the day! yes, i'm old!
i know - i use to watch that movie called disorderlies back in the day
jay cutler you are a sad man. i'm going to have to cut you. for the love of god do something in the fourth.
he's going to make america great! and throw a pick
last friday was my final day at rittman mead, and i wish the team well for the future. time for a new challenge, and at all this week
all the best in your new adventure and thanks all the things that you've made for the team.
even not knowing it, we just need to breath and go ahead
exactly! i'm so happy that you've come to that point of realization. it's such a good feeling!
that mean right bench?
you know it.
road trip to pennsylvania on the saturday
temple i believe all six shows sold out
media, this child rape case is going to court. explain ...
no other nominee could get this ignored
oh i'm deplorable. i admit it. nobody cares. i gaze into your eyes and i have you! no need to be nice. no need to tell the truth!
a strong america is a safe, prosperous, independent, highly educated, common wealth of free spirits! trump!!!
dear carson wentz, this is how you slide ...
tweet of the night
i hate seeing this picture because i know they didn't use a tripod.
praying for my guy that took this picture.
im on the fuckin mandy and bucky lad its 3:30 i'm not urling shit mate i'm fucked just youtube it
too much british speak in that sentence how about i just give myself a wank in bed alone and we call it even
let's go back to the sideline reporter so i try and figure out what the hell he's trying to get out.
jets are way better than both these teams
is it just me, or is doug pederson a pretty damn good play caller?
shhhh...don't say that too loud.
i can't wait to rewatch the remake... i remember being thoroughly entertained by furlong.
i rewatched it last year. not bad, but i don't view it as a remake. but in the same world
yes it is for mb20 fans getting together who are coming from all over like red rocks
cool! that will be a blast!
i saw an electrical fire on a pole while riding home &amp; called 911. bursts of flame with a loud noise that left smoke marks on the pole.
i everything about this post
how can i remember brought me home from halloween last year but not how to factor a perfect cube
ify i'm doing the same thing
i am pretty sure the train goes all the way up there. would just have to figure out which station is closest. maybe one day.
best option would be around next summerslam. they haves meet and greet of some type the day before and the day after. i--
idk about this one bro. i kinda remember you selling me some demon weed one day or some shit lmao
i remember this too. shit had me facedown
in the same way that r.kelly almost certainly listens to r.kelly all day long.
i'm looking forward to your review of this strip 20 years from now.
thank you! good luck with the rest of rail safety month in california!
thank you for the good wishes!
now i finally understand rabi's perspective for the banner ww #
omg this is the first time im seeing the cover art for these omg
kasich was nice. i'd tell him to fo
i think he did. did preibus and trump remember kasich is ohio's gov? do they know what that means?
i'm pretty sure i still caught a shoplifter though.
football tackle?
disappointing. flying through iah has burned me too often. i'll look at or . hopefully you'll reconsider.
one bit of advice. it would have been nice if you notified your 1k flyers who use this route a lot ahead of the suspension. (1/2)
5 takeaways from content marketing world via by
thanks for the share
the are champions, taking the decisive game 5 against river city, 1-0. first title sin...
still waiting to see if they got docked ten games for no reason...
leo told us he doesn't want people to think he's a boy or a girl - he feels he's somewhere in the middle.
aren't there any professionals who can help this poor child to ground herself and stop this unhealthy sense of disassociation?
i have this really bad habit of going off script when i talk. like, why write 5,000 words if you're not going to use them, meredith?
i eventually surrendered &amp; went to usually riffing off an outline ;^}
no more sorrow ft with ontop
new tune is coming soon
trump unofficial ad: one love
loving this song it will be in my head all nite!!
but i'm tactful with those who are kind. you've been kind.
as have you. honest and kind.
getting the same thing with my own trip now :(
also it changed "airlie beach" to "shute harbor" when i add it manually. "whitsundays" turn into "long island" lol
i see you talking about all kinds of cool stuff you do w/yelp.
they have yelp elite in st. louis.
shouldn't (ideally) your unit test tell you?
ideally, yes :)
robert parry cites the us airstrike killing scores of syrian soldiers as another case of america's global impunity,
robert parry "..troubling reality..times, post other..have glibly applied 1 set of standards on 'enemies'..another on..usg"
at least i didn't get a ticket lmao im happy
whatt?? luckyy he wouldve gave me one.
life lesson: if something cost $100, and it is on sale for $75, and then you decide to buy it, you did not save $25. you spent $75.
this doesn't apply to necessities
": he's the only candidate that will keep us safe!"
no the men and women in law enforcement will not you fool nypd/nycdoc
spent my entire contracts lecture reading about fairy folklore. im slaying the law school game, guys.
ive ready enough folklore to know contracts and fairies are skills that usually go together. letter of the law tho...
i am pretty sure the train goes all the way up there. would just have to figure out which station is closest. maybe one day.
met rollins the day before summerslam last year before nxt. this year new day did a signing but it was pretty pricey so --
ryan matthews is really going to cost me this week in fantasy
i'll shut up now
who got ms white
i already gave you my essays hoe what could you possibly need
so no positive argument for 3rd party candidate, just a means of punishing the major parties. completely negative appeal.
i never said that, fool. i answered your tweet the positive is we help develop and build a progressive party embracing the ..
firm believer that if you are white and are trying to push the envelope by saying nigga, run it by a few niggas instead of being righteous
was he pushing the envelope or was he demonstrating the depth of the absurdity and inappropriateness of that which he was mocking?
ryan mathews must've done something really mean to someone
and there he is!!!
happy bday lil bro keep grinding in skool nd stop thinkin to much life ain't about worrying about what sumbody else think enjoy it !
thanks for advice big bro, keep getting to that money
one bit of advice. it would have been nice if you notified your 1k flyers who use this route a lot ahead of the suspension. (1/2)
i assume you have this type of analytics if you were able to run the numbers and see this route as unprofitable. (2/2)
the one small problem is, i'm a pen and paper person. not sure i want to subject anyone to my scribbles.
darn. this is why i can't bring myself to use a physical notebook, even though pen and paper is so lovely
i don't care about myself bc..i'm fat, ugly, dumb, i'm an idiot, i'm a cry baby, ect. i believe the bullies..
love yourself! you are none of the things you just called yourself. you are beautiful and you are you. you are enough!
so no positive argument for 3rd party candidate, just a means of punishing the major parties. completely negative appeal.
..progressive ideals the dems have abandoned. so, try again.
i did not have sexual relations with that woman
i did not just fuck your bitch in some gucci flip flops
so glad there's a podcast where diplo explains the student debt crisis to me. i hate this goddamn election.
what podcast is this
you forgot to say that he's an angel in that tweet
he is an angel....i'll have words with anyone that says other...just like sid.
i swear the bears are mediocre because they cut urlacher that offseason when he wanted to keep playing for one more season.
that's very generous to even call them mediocre. they suck.
yaaaaay!! i really think you'll love it
i'll keep you updated! i'm excited
stop buying t shirts in my size
stop stealing my style
lol we cant watch in so cal
dodgers fans don't watch past the 5th inning anyway so
this has been my dilemma for like a year. lmao
lol same except now i can somewhat afford it hahaha
but i care about everyone else and you more than myself
it's okay to be selfless; it's an amazing quality to have! but you also need to love and take care of yourself.
spooky. so spooky. love that image and it might have made the whole trip worth while.
i feel the same! thanks bwj!
when i want you i be quick with my replies
hey im ur long lost cousin
screw that. bless hella nice nails, though. i'd do just about anything for some long, pretty nails, tbh. it's been so long!
girl same they actually help prevent me from biting them so, bless up.
drew bledsoe has hilarious response to twitter question about potential pats return via
right now brett farve is looking at his phone thinking, "ring, ring, ring".
i was charged for a ride during commuting hours in nyc but i have the commute card. i sent an email for help but got no reply
hi there! i'm a reporter at columbia journalism school looking for sources who've used uber's commute card. care to chat?
being acknowledged by queen while dancing my ass off during rolling in the deep is the best bday gift.
even if did sing happy birthday to someone else.
yall's experiences are on a whole other level.
they are but some of look lit!
so no positive argument for 3rd party candidate, just a means of punishing the major parties. completely negative appeal.
and youre voting for a corrupt, incompetent sickly warmonger who helped kill millions in iraq, syria, libya, &amp; honduras. negativ
i know i'm late to the party but i started stranger things it is really good
also why does the theme song sound like it belongs in a witch house compilation
today trump proposed an "extreme" vetting process for refugees-unless he means waterboarding, we already have one
this is a made up "stat" in trump's tweet plus, this bowl of skittles would be vetted by multiple agencies for mon...
nah got off to smoke and study
so in reality only to smoke
i'm sorry she involved you
i'm just trying to be switzerland and stay neutral af okay
lol welcome back
is the worst of it over?
is it just me or do the commercials get longer and more frequent all the time?
seriously its a mini movie
making history
... holy shit! something smells really rotten in america.
facts you understand :)
i never match cuz i'm always miss matching but i wear a color that compliments the next
i will watch this every time it comes on my timeline. ive seen it about 50 times already.
this some shit u would say
really hope is litigious...
is this in response to this? because i was thinking the same thing.
yep, i saw them on cdjapan and i was ?!?!? they didn't even share them on the official twitter
i was gonna say, did i miss a tweet or something?? lol
doesn't seem like cyclist should have any regards to the law of passing flashing school buses in our area. children had been inj!
i always stop,and sometimes even place my bike sideways so others cant pass.
why tf does my little 7year old brother get brand new beats but my family wont even buy me tampons for my vaginaaaaaa
buy your own its your vagina right
how about a follow-up piece on this?
thanks for sharing!
...to the wonder had more stuff going on. who are these movies for? who is expected to sit thru nearly two hours of this?
i made it through - there's stuff to admire, but yeah, the whole barely plot just doesn't gel at all. wonder had some thrust.
i love you too baby
awe goals :)))
but i mean, really, what's real? it could all be a simulation... and this could have happened 10 times over..
for real or for fake who knows
.: "reality is optional on the left. it's not about truth, it's about their narrative."
good one, reality is an option for the left
felt good to be back in the gym
i see you at the gym put down all the fried chicken and crispy cream donuts it aint the best major heart attack alert lmao
rt world we live in: people upset when a black man takes a knee, but unaffected when a black man takes a bullet.
something we agree on. peace.
lmao dude put an american flag in her face
"hey you can't put your anti racism banner here! i'm gonna cover it with an american flag!"
he said the other day he wanted us navy ships patrolling the oceans again. shoot me please
i'm a defense contractor, wtf does he think needs rebuilding in the military? doing just fine, thank you.
in the bay area? i can, at the very least, understand your bloviation and ridiculous non-vote won't help turn your state red.
i would vote for stein in any state. the only ridiculous vote is your vote for corrupt, incompetent warmonger hillary
in the land of lobster dinners and church buffets, a jewish memoir finds a receptive audience...
i am reading treyf and reserving my views until i complete it
you have two weeks. you should binge watch the first season.
it's very funny phil and it's a short season. you could do quickly.
eh but then we would just destroy them as well
i disagree. we would be making a new civilization, without the baggage, but with hindsight. a fresh start.
true, not a full-on remake..
if it had a bigger budget it could of been done better. but it is what it is. they tried
or perhaps i could've been fitted with a little bell that would've jingled when now-missed opportunities first presented themselves
shouldn't we all?
cannon's video has over 300k views!
i shared the video. have a great week cassie.
i'm going to wrigley for the first time in two days. what food is really good at that park that i absolutely need to get
if it's anything like sloan, authentic chicago hot dogs
wow that's 2 reporters in 2 days. this fucker is mimicking putin with every chance possible. how does he control his minions?
actually, i just looked at the date. it's from march. sorry for the confusion.
more hearts than the opponent, if you have a time lord on your team. am i doing it right
team usa has hearts in...spades. related:
you should be more confident in declaring what you're doing !!!
thank god someone said it, i've already used up my making fun of kyle's tweets for today.
missing my dad extra tonight.. don't know why
sorry for your loss
mary is a "twitter patriot" and a "twitter christian" ... she had to note both in her bio or no one would have the...
well there is no jesus like twitter jesus
i keep thinking about age of apocalypse and like. none of the characters have had development. they just keep re-learning the same lesson
have you seen the deleted mall scene? it is the only part of the film i accept.
actually it was your shitty candidate who said that the rationale for voting for her was "resistance"
and i showed you she was right. the only shittly candidate is your corrupt warmonger hillary. man, she's shitty.
nah, shoulder grab. scared the crap out of him.
oh i do that to strangers when i grocery shop to scare them anyways
steve kroft's interview with the libertarian ticket
now please do me a favor and interview dr. jill stein. thank you!!
he lost it more to bush, in way of more democrats voted for bush. what don't u get about math?
you're just an argumentative, stubborn and close minded twitter person. i'm done here.
half now half later type shit
word only way you seeing me is if that deposit is there and i need the rest upfront
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
hay asshole law enforcement is fine don't mess with us nypd/nycdoc
i was thinking a fair deal about that episode a few days ago...mostly from the 'implied borg' angle, but also yes, this.
we never really saw the whole "planet-scooping" again after next gen, did we...
watch rock out in minneapolis right now:
brand new tune star is out on itunes
an investigative look inside the private prison industry that profits directly off mass incarceration.
hey kamala, still opposed to parole bc you need prison labor for firefighting?
not just cute, childish kids. but overwhelmed or anxious or confused kids with distinct but still-developing personalities.
kids are in situations totally out of their depth. like death. or sex. and we're shocked that they behave strangely. really?
going out on a limb and saying this eagles/bears game is the most boring football game i've ever watched.
that seahawks/rams game was a snoozefest... and i only saw the redzone coverage
i know this is a wild theory, but wrestling fans come to wrestling shows for wrestling. damn a storyline.
this crowd sucks
next episode is in 2 weeks. gotta avoid the presidential debate next week...trust me, the wait will be worth it!!
it better be. but, good program planning. so i guess i appreciate the delay.
me: *posts a feel-good picture on fb of me having fun* my very african father:
obviously this tweet was before i knew he was scolding me on fb. gotta love dads, i guess
i admit now that i did not know how the kosher system worked until nika couldn't eat the lasagna i made with my bare hands
that shit was good as fuck bruh
thank you for that never too far reference
i was thinking of you (but when am i not)
now attempting phase one
calling an audible. we're going for rolling rock
actually it was your shitty candidate who said that the rationale for voting for her was "resistance"
a corrupt warmonger who can barely walk and coughs everywhere. that's your hillary.
you know...you ain't half bad rt : twizzlers are delicious. and so is candy corn
i'm documenting this for blackmail purposes.
when you finally figure out his icloud password but they start asking you security questions
when i read this i thought of you lmaoo
short videobut one of my faves. is literally talking to no one but the media! all
so much for a hillary rally!
i beg to differ.actually top sirloin steak, pork loin are very healthy low fat.
i eat every thing,but work out very regularly,if you have wt.problems,the best way is no carbs.
now you're torting!
.'s reaction to this news:
hussein is the who is the . he has in his nsa
... scary; i believe it.
i just ordered a jet black iphone 7 for myself, but don't think that finish would work on something as big as a mbp.
yeah agreed. i'm using (matte) black 7 now. jet black 7 plus coming shortly. think i'll end on (matte) black 7 plus.
that shit was good as fuck bruh
chili bomb as well b
[r5] 2v2 prime vs ttinyy and aquafy
starting now
as seen on on i-5 south. .
the driver is 100% correct.
jcp party kicking off while sun is setting...
we gotta meet man, it's been a while
anyone confident the bears are coming back?
i'm not. and i stupidly laid the 3
somebody just tried to use explosives to kill a massive amount of people? the problem is guns
lmao don't forget about the okc bombings
again it's not about the bears. just watch the qb. plus his division blows on defense.
love frank reich as oc - old bills kgun playbook on roids
just announced: montclair, nj - nov 4 at the wellmont theater
hey jim, i'm there, man! is this strictly stand up? or you gonna head bang some raising teenage girls?
that's good your not with and you know who no more
well i sorta am but not all the time. drives me nuts.
berkeley greek theater could be '85
ahh that seems right - good call!
exactly, but i'm hearing he has an album about to drop so there is the reason he is doing all this
yeah i don't think anybody knew bul has an album coming out until yesterday ctfu
this. this. this!!!!!!!
i got to be honest i had no clue who he was till i read ur tweet gabrielle. this is so sad. prayers
"the source of our problems is a middle eastern ethnoreligious group whose members act in concert towards global do...
"you know, the thing about cancer is that you can't remove only part of it. you need what one might call a final solution."
the fact that they're already skipping next week doesnt give me a lot of confidence in fox's handling of this season.
politic thing next week. :( rather they skip then preempt. fingers crossed is around for a while.
is that kevin?
lol no kvn is much more slovenly. and wears actual flannels.
actually... kinda yes.
also, the actual sex &gt; the orgasm imo
she's clearly on my side dad lmao
i'm not gonna be poland and let you walk all over me.
et ate reese's pieces. conspiracy?
deplorable indeed.
kettle chips: moscow mule.
showed me this photo and i guessed . so much shame.
seriously. why the fuck is there no airplay solution for apple music?
besides the airport express? say more
i'm sorry but if you don't think limousine is brand new's best song ur wylin
bye..... you stay saying it's not the sun when did you switch to limousine
anyone confident the bears are coming back?
that pick was so awful it's bench worthy. yecchhh
i feel like you should have just stood up and told everyone on the airplane not to see it.
a person of color standing up in an airplane and yelling warnings is definitely bound to go well
i need more . 2 not enough
i eh recall asking you that
watch rock out in minneapolis right now:
brand new tune
i forgot to take lunch today and it's 10pm now so frosty mini wheats here i come
but on the bright side i got my whole to-do list done
dude i wish i could dm you like you have no idea what this does for myself + others to hear this
dm me anytime! i would love to hear all about it
for those of u who have heard it, are u liking ?
oh hell yes
all these pl pics makin me miss the
i still shouldve been in pl
sometimes people can be wrong. in this case ryan it could be you. i'm an immigrant to america. so i don't like w...
legal immigrant i presume?
don't bother trying to answer you will only make yourself look really ignorant..good night hope you have a good evening.
me thinks thou dost protest too much. nothing like ignorance &amp; arrogance from someone who thinks he is educated on a subject.
need to download some movies to my ipad for the bus. i could use a few suggestions.
"concussion" "miracles from heaven"
i have 4 granddaughters 4 grandsons and it scares the hell out of me if she's elected
she cares about herself and if this refugee thing she wants happens it's game over buy guns and ammo
it gives me and others so much hope and thank you so much for sharing, so proud of you!!!!!
it was my pleasure!
this is crooked hillary at only 11 p.m. does she have the stamina to be our commander in chief?
not only stamina, but she looks sickly. although she came back from her strange illness, she has never looked so bad! ???
or i mean instead of doing that maybe just take one step to the right and not walk over the vent...
have y'all been to new york city? not possible.
i hope you're proud
more than proud
yet again every station in the area is full causing a crowd of people to miss their rides home. just threw away my fob.
happy to help. can you tell us where you are trying to dock? did you go to the kiosk to add an extra 15 minutes to your trip?
and i have 0 friends at school and i don't deserve any friends
you deserve the world. you just need to start loving yourself!
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
you are the biggest asshole in the world. billy carter redux. the kind of dope who kills unkillable family businesses.
watch rock out in minneapolis right now:
brand new tune kadondo
are you on drugs?
high on facts and evidence, yes sir. guilty.
i am hard as fack
your mad weird
no offense but about 65 or 70 of you have merged in my mind into one white guy in his late 20s/early 30s with brown hair and a beard
i accept this
actual question. if someone lies to you i hopes of "teaching you a lesson", do you call them on it?
depends. if the stated lesson was "you should know that i'm not a nice person," then it might not be worth the effort?
bossy by is one of the best pop songs of our generation don't you forget it!
stop touching me without permission
hillary clinton's it consultant ('stonetear') has been erasing his secret comments from reddit on redacting her emails made two years ago.
turn your attention to trump, please
great question, tho! we watch everything on the web now, so it's all just...series. we prefer 'original series'
what are your thoughts on the term: "streaming series"?
fuhh you should see him in math with travis ..
maybe it's cause they both wear hats, i think that's what makes them gay
this little shit pranked me and i started crying bc she told me she couldnt go but she can and i cried even more
this is true friendship
okay okay - 31st. 32nd goes to any browns qb.
carson wentz was supposed to be a cle qb
neither is impossible to get.
instead of asking for free beats buy them and you make money selling the song
dear small accounts, i have 17.5k followers. my plea for help has been rt'd by 211(amazing) people. we get ignored too. hang in there. xx
some of us may not have retweeted, but did contribute
watch rock out in minneapolis right now:
brand new tune
omg i listened to it twice today, sis
she was the pop star we deserved and never got
i think you mean guns in oklahoma
no i talking about how bombs do as much if not worse damage and using okc bombings as an example
lmfaooooooo!!! you all the in dirty jersey
all the way*
now i'm jealous. how is it?
it was a powerful two days! loved hearing from on
we all loved and father frank from season 1. wanted keep that energy going - a person of faith that the devil can challenge/respect
that was my nbr 1 episode of last season. cried when fr frank died, then lucifer crying out to the heavens!
new court lads
how'd you get this bro?
lmfaooo guilty the special ed bitches with a mean mouth &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
lmfaooooo what?
u didn't think that until .5 seconds after a high end brand told u they were
ya that's how fashion works /:
i love it when boys flirt w me but i also hate it bc i don't feel like i'm in that place so i always say i'm "involved" w someone
when i know damn well there isn't a man in my life right now lol
how was your moto class? you buying a bike now?
it was fun, i passed! but no i'm getting a 300cc scooter lol
i take it your medical specialty isn't pediatrics. have you met a lot of 16-year-olds, dr. stein? they're awful.
if anything it should be raised to 30
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
hay asshole there were no fatalities get facts straight. let law enforcement do our jobs nypd/nycdoc
first high card show
rip mike varley's crazy high card celebratory glasses.
.'s "we fire people" post ( hung a target on their back. esp. b/c the app's a janky, buggy, confusing mess
i've never even heard of before today. or if i have, i've forgotten. (totally possible). recruiters should take note tho
chelsea bombing suspect is apparently a united states-hating homophobe
b-b-b-but hillary told me islam is peaceful
oh me? i'm just cruisin' the land o'lakes wikipedia page trying to figure out if i can call them a liar about the amount of lakes.
not lyin' about the lakes (unless minnesota as a whole is), but i did find this out which is pretty rad:
black women copy white women's hair? why would you catch me rocking iowa straight when there's brazilian wavy
i don't wear weave and i'm feeling this
this is awesome stuff that i could watch alllllll night long!
you would enjoy then :)
any non-fiction?
all non-fiction, focus on management, cognition, history or political economy
happy birthday you continue to make everyone's lives better by just being yourself. hope it's a good...
couldn't have said it better myself!
thanks so much! an honor to be there!
you were marvelous!
classic aline
i mean it's exactly the response i was expecting
just don t check untapped
norwegian wood is my fav so far
cleveland clinic: don't retweet articles everyone cannot read for free. wsj requires membership
actually, you can sample our stories via social media. did you try to click?
i used to watch this with my grandparents...
and friday night feature creatures. it was a weekly tradition...which has left me scarred for life.
calling an audible. we're going for rolling rock
damn, he didn't let it slide. we still got chips tho
getting my whole body waxed tomorrow just to be prepared to get dick down.
and also threat myself for working so hard.
i do, but when theyre at the store and run out they cant pick me up some likeoh???
just give them the money the way u tweeted it seemed like you were a lil jelly
watch rock out in minneapolis right now:
brand new tune
haha! yes!!! before the drinking starts.
take sip go through hoop if miss three sips if make it tosser takes three sips
thanks for the support
glad u back on twitter! that song w/ u nd . is still my fave what i want
it's a possibility - though there are some other theories still out there. has one about it being a title.
unlike blue and ffc that use mindmaps, i use onenote to compile info. i will be making a page solely for dredgen
this team has heart...i'm proud of my team for playing their hearts out for 60 minutes
warrior poets all!!
well, feral, when the police to tell you to get on the ground, get your black ass on the ground.
what a disgusting hateful racist thing to say. the only ferals i see are murderous cops and their apologists.
when you say hangout...
hung out with her at greyhound till she caught her bus
let me know the dates so we can schedule a team dinner out in the city :-)
october 4th to 8th
fuck a wendy's
why you gotta fight with me at elmont deli you know i love to go there
header 2d clean abstract design concept by looking good bro, keep it up!
why you stalkin me
definitely dead.
i bet something strange happens...like she splits town, but show up to someones court hearing to testify lol *shrugs
part of me wants this to end, yet never end at the same time... (by )
it was only a matter of time before this inevitably needed to get updated. thanks, .
hoping i don't run into anyone from stanford today because i look like a bruised potato
whenever i see anyone with a stanford shirt i duck away and hide because i'm a mess
our country has 2 start thinking defense~the war is here &amp; it's up 2 us 2 keep r families safe~we must teach everyo...
actually fran. we need to go on offense. degrade isis to such an extent that they can't attack us here.
wentz to burton for the touchdown hell yes!!!!!!!
trey burton=the paul turner we really wanted
i think i got too many movies at , but i have
looks like your evening is all set.
eagles looking real nice
until they play the giants
done and done
i don't mind losing to you in
i didn't ask anyone for anything. &amp; definitely thought of doing so.
the tweet said i need free beats
oh, why does this not surprise me?
is walsh trolling dtj for copping his tweet style?
biggest piece of shit in the country right here
i know i'd stay away from anything orange...
gorgeous us cover for words in deep blue thanks and allison wortche
ahhhhh it's so beautiful
makes me sad and so very angry that a person who has fought so tirelessly for everyday people has been so demonized.
it's infuriating.
i whisper a prayer 4 u 2 my dear. hope there is some relief 4 you
that is appreciated.
i never mistake people to be friends. one person called me when that bomb went off here in nyc. nuff said.
same, only grandma held it down
proofreading fluffy's tweets.
i need to make more grammatically challenged posts for you
but what's her @ tho?
she doesn't have twitter.. yet..it was nice just being with her n talking
young voters of color are essential to defeating trump. question is: how do we get them out? with respect.
and no "you better" or "how dare you" or "what's wrong with you?" - unless we want disaster.
hmm .. in diego's case, he's gay even w/o the hat but valid point
that's true, they also are the only two that wear hats in class so that's why they're attracted to eachother
happy to have accepted my first job as a dental hygienist although its part time im excited to get experience &amp; be back doing what i love
so happy for you
yeah sturgis is hurt.
i cringe when kickers get injured
an example of comments deleted by hillary clinton's it consultant posting as 'stonetear'
thank you! funny fbi couldn't find this!
i'll have to check that out i would of never thought a titan could be dredgen i alway though of him as a warlock
oh believe me, that yor could be a hunter i find extremely annoying. yor as a hunter seemed so natural to me.
post edited: twitter enables longer tweet, removes 140-character limit via
brand new tune star on itunes
"donald trump's birther event is the greatest trick he's ever pulled"
what a conman
it's not on vh1 yet ?
idek. lemme check lol
oh yes i rediscovered it the other day and was shook
she could literally release it tomorrow and storm us.
lies like a child trump's wedding was in 2005 "gifts" to clinton foundation were in 2009-10
odds of being killed by: refugee: 1 in 3.64 billion falling down stairs: 1 in 246 car accident: 1 in 100
keep your eyes open, a ticket for msg show migh turn up
true i'm on call back list
the lanyard business is ripe for disruption. would be nice to move beyond these things.
add your twitter handle too.
man who has surveillance video of someone trying to steal from his garage says 's ignoring his complaints.
i can definitely say that definitely ignores citizen's complaints as a matter of course
good cha boi; sucks being away from my girl and home though
oh snap you got a official honey now? sheeesh that must b hard lol
good evening to you all from sheldon
i would also like to note that tonight, sheldon and i were cuddling and he crawled up my sleeve into my armpit and it was a situation
waiting for an iphone 7 case with a headphone jack parallel to the bottom and a lightning pass through for charging.
i was hoping apple would make it with their battery case. seemed like a no brainer
i think u cute i think ur avi cuter
obsessed w/ u
:/ brainwashing ......
fashion is a cult get over it!!!!!!!
you're gonna pull through this one. it's going to be okay.
my bio is literally about to be " tweeted at me one time"
petuniaaaaa i miss you and it's only been one day
fuck you and your fox hat you pinche paisa
jay cutler isn't bad . chicago doesn't give him a team to be good
they run game ain't bad at all
i'll have to check that out i would of never thought a titan could be dredgen i alway though of him as a warlock
oh that yor could be a titan i find extremely annoying. yor as a hunter seems so natural to me.
that's it you've peaked
i cant breathe
easier with finland, the land of a thousand lakes. they have like 188k of the buggers.
i love that - finland, "land of a thousand lakes" with 188k lakes; minnesota, "land of *ten* thousand lakes" with around 12k
police in tulsa feared for their lives had his hands up he probably was getting a gun out the sky
. people who are afraid when someone has their hands up can only be classified as cowards.
hbo is playing san andreas (2015) while i'm in san francisco... not worried much...
seeing places that you are there hour ago flooding is cool. ask
so there is public transportation, i'm just saying
ima need to teach mel how to make churros so she can make them for you
i don't deserve anything thou. and my i wana hurt myself so badly..., i'm sorry. i'm sorry 4 every thing..
do not hurt yourself.
2. friendships- patsy, angie, any positive women friendships example: a-force, hellcat, fearless defenders,
howard the duck
brush your teeth before you go to bed and we will see you tomorrow with a brand new east side dave show ...
i will be paying a visit
wut on earth? did you have scarlet fever as a child?
i actually have had scarlet fever and i still know candy corn is garbage, so it is no excuse.
trey burton 5-for-49 with a td. this kid had three career receptions before today.
paul who???
damn, he didn't let it slide. we still got chips tho
we will overcome
ok i've got the vegan place for you: fud. yummmm
yes, went there last month too!!!! really enjoyed it.
rule : never trust a kid that wears gas station sunglasses
so sorry what was rules 1,2 &amp; 3 i must've missed them!
what are some of your favorites from this year?
i liked the combo of the fractured republic and the inevitable back-to-back
. leads clinton 45 - 42 in new in key state of georgia.
romney won ga by 7.82%. this is not good news for trump.
yes.believe me i know what you've been trough and i know how terrible it is,
it's the strength that we come out with in the end that matters n
look at that! a former browns qb steps in for cutler. it comes full circle, dude.
garbage
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
this is fear mongering
october takin forever
ur birthday coming up bihhh
i don't honestly agree. use of the wrong racial vernacular was precise intended metaphor for use of wrong racial interlocutor.
this is a moment where you might want to tally the white dudes supporting you and the black folks saying "not cool"
my sisters dog is missing :( she lives in patterson, ca please rt :( her name is lily
she's beautiful. i'm so sorry, praying for the best
it is! they've just sent around evaluations for feedback from us, asking how can they improve. i'm excited.
good to hear!!!!
when we moved here my first small panic attack was that i couldn't get land o lakes and i didn't know what butter to buy
what'd you end up with?
definitely learned that lesson. this is more, "stop being so difficult with your life situations or we won't help you."
even this little bit sounds unambiguously awful. sorry you're dealing w/it.
on the subject of consistency checking, *this* leaf is the one that's off model
photoshop it to a marijuana
savid dimon on the ruined by having twitter list
glad i ditched him after he said some dumb shit about freddie gray and beat the rush
the streetlights are off along the whole stretch of market street. it's...eerie
are these the historic ones wants to preserve to keep traffic and transit miserable?
sturgis is injured
kickers don't deserve to get injured
lmfaooooo im fucking crying
lmfaooooooo haitian old men dress like this ok
my grandma thinks i created house of cards
keep the dream alive
rolling in the deep. what a great concert!
what time did it end ?
so you want a serious vibe
no, i want a boyfriend that's not my boyfriend
we have cracked the code ! we deserve a nobel peace prize or some shit
an a in math and no homework would be nice
that offensive line is trash
facts that why you needa enter the draft
forget it jake ... it's .
would paramount or any studio make it today, unless cruise was attached? maybe a mid-budget indie or a cable film.
update: fuck it
brew install fuckit (no seriously)
i stress over trying to figure out who took this god damn picture
the single friend
when asks me to go to the bathroom w her @ the club
bundled down to our boxers
have you ever been to israel the west bank and gaza?
all 3. lived there. so i know what i'm talking about. have studied it extensively.
this is the most intense battle between old russian men and north american kids since red dawn
don't ask your tween friends about this comment....
these are spectacular
thanks man
you're the only one who likes my fro
i'm the only one that matters
but i was relying on you for the proto and lisbon tip!
i can give you suggestions but there's soooooo many cool new places since i lived there!
post edited: twitter enables longer tweet, removes 140-character limit via
brand new tune
it is! they've just sent around evaluations for feedback from us, asking how can they improve. i'm excited.
i accidentally just unfollowed you. but i hit that follow button quick
omg are you there!!!???
hi... it was amazing!
my demon is dubbin me
that's her being mean sis thought you was into that
yes sheryl i will be there for the museum opening activities. are you coming?
- i wish ! will you be broadcasting ?
rip mike varley's crazy high card celebratory glasses.
hahaha i totally forgot about those
it is! they've just sent around evaluations for feedback from us, asking how can they improve. i'm excited.
how many reviews you got now?
when life gets rough, just do what you love ((and get better at it))
hey where's the one where we all face planted :/
so uh hoyer is in...
i consider that an improvement
why would you not want to?
i've had a few issues with calls dropping/echoing
when a man screams in arabic, asks victims whether they are muslim, and then starts hacking people with knives, it's islamic terror.
gee, yah think! wouldn't want to jump to any quick conclusions!
but not oreo swedish fish. which are a huge mistake
what in gods name is oreo swedish fish?!
every time i see this i just think about how insanely unsanitary this is.
lmao it's sanitary though, everything looks clean and they're in the corner
i am watching the voyager ep where they go to the nineties / it is weird how star trek time travelers are always flummoxed by punks
both spock and tuvok have been wait what sarah silverman is in this?
yes bitchh! im still beastin to see you fucker
what you doing for your birthday??
i can't stop thinking about hurting myself....at least i wouldn't hurt you guys
don't hurt yourself. call a hotline or try some coping methods.
me and my family know the pain of crutcher family. tweets, national-anthem gestures, faux outrage don't fix it. enj...
your struggle is with waking up.
punk ass bears. letting a rookie do this crap to you.
a storied franchise at that.
amb. woolsey on wh saying us in "narrative fight" w/ isis: "wad up pieces of paper w/ a narrative on them &amp; throw them at the terrorists?"
oh god megyn.....you're kidding with this tweet....right?
love it when my sprint button doesnt work
thats how i feel man .-,
i actually just did that
and you got the snapchat filter as an avi, you really is a hoe
what happens in the greyhound stn, stays in the greyhound stn
nothing happened guy's..we talked and that was nice hanging out
caught up now. agreed on that 9/7 ep but this last one i loveddddddd
i haven't seen... gonna watch back to back with the finale probably :o if they stick the landing, of course i'm still in for s3.
fucking ice queen stabbed strand alicia needs to get her revenge. i have an idea how
so about that butterfly knife...
nah, it started decades before
i misspoke.should have said racism in trump's campaign started with..
cutler couldn't resist being a dick head for this one game
he's a bitch!
together, we will make america safe and great again!
we make america safe nypd/nycdoc don't mess with us
so cruiserweights...?
kendrick though
i just want to wish my pops a happy birthday, instead of taking a day off of work he still went to go grind it out.
never takes days off, that's why i have so much respect for this hardworking man.i'll follow in your steps and be like you
you doing more harm by not voting. think of all them old ladies not doing anything with their day. voting for trump
but trump an idiot and hillary a back stabber lol bernie just came along at the wrong time . she screwed bernie ion trust her
wow. what a hockey game.
better than the monday night football game
or that it freezes randomly, needing a hard reset?
yeah i had to do exactly that over the weekend.
cody parkey still out there?!?
he sucks too
really want to go on a run tonight if it still isn't hot
it feels good outside i'm bout to do the same with my boy martin
i am 1000% sure that had something to do with this:
i'm definitely inclined to believe that. who else could explain it? :p
in utter shock.
this is me. all the time.
didnt kodak have sexual assault charges as well? or were those dropped
i think theres still a case going on abt it
lauren london is the ultimate thot
truth!!! i can't even believe it smh!
will trump release his tax returns? billionaire pledges up to $5 million for veterans if so
this generous pledge works for me on all kinds of levels. hope the donald will rise 2 the challenge.
will your roommates be there?????
well they live here so.....
quite the first question from michael savage to trump. not exactly a question.
surprised he delivered this message over radio and not as a flickering hologram projected by a quirky droid.
it was his convoluted plot to expose kermit's baffling inability to swim.
she made gonzo wear the hat
you're not going to like this, but carson wentz, is fun to watch. makes watching an eagles game worth it.
blah, blah, blah. he's an eagle. therefore, he's on my list
they are set to sign him around training camp
hmmm i've heard this story b4. you mean, thats when they would like to sign him lol
i want to build out a world class messaging system by feb 1 -- excited abt the opportunities
finally i get to fund and work on that idea. only took 2 years!! excited to get started!
week 2 last year
were the other 2 not this year???
why can't i airplay from my phone to an apple tv and an airport express? why does it crap out 100% of the time?
ah, simulcast. good question. i've noticed more stability with the new oses \_()_/
ummm... i think vicki should take a break from dating for a while... a long while!
i can't believe the sex talk omg i would never
much respect man. i've recently found you and you've became one of my favorite designers fast. your style is so unique and real
thank you so much man. &lt;3
it's funny that no school in lodi will play us in boys basketball?
get em hitt
hi guys! hope you're having great days!
"it puts the lotion in the basket..."
so this is happening.
what time did it end ?
c-130 hercules landing, isn't it?
probably. not very big on models of military planes. there is nasa airfield over there, so it's plausible.
you doing more harm by not voting. think of all them old ladies not doing anything with their day. voting for trump
neither of them ain't pay no respect to that man who just lost his life they don't care about black ppl
y'all ready for this?
but fear not; dr. warner spitz's hairstyle remains on point.
just had this for the first time, like everything i've had by prarie
i bet that one is great. have only had regular bomb
those will be released at a later time
the suspense thooo
i don't want this show to end!
what time did it end ?
i just don't know how to ship anymore. i don't fuck w domestic violence or attempted murder. they've destroyed julian.
yep even tho he looked the opposite in catching alexis. they f'kd up big time
lol word up. you going to the chargers game? i was at the home opener yesterday.
yeah probably.. me too..just tailgated tho but i had fun
me in europe this fall trying to stream the bruins game but the wifi never actually existed to begin with
maybe nesb will make their own streaming service someday so we don't have to miss out on tour
some cracking pictures brian.
cheers colin!
jay cutler is heading to the bears locker room. brian hoyer is warming up on the sidelines
another phony injury he always seems to get when not playing well
this metaphor grossly underestimates the conditions under which i am willing to eat an entire bowl of skittles
. especially their new orchards line.
you doing more harm by not voting. think of all them old ladies not doing anything with their day. voting for trump
and they both know they can't win the election without our votes
i'd rather have robbie gould play qb right now than cutler
if only we had released cutler &amp; kept gould... if gould was shitty instead of our leading scorer he might've had a chance :(
don't talk to me unless you've done bmx in an abandoned pool set to fall out boy
an actual insult in this movie is 'pariah carey' your tina feyv could never
no lol because they all usually suck! lol
i appreciate the honesty. i didn't wanna put out $10 for the double whopper meal if you then weren't gonna put out ';)
post edited: twitter enables longer tweet, removes 140-character limit via
brand new tune
happy birthday i'm glad i asked you about a ouija board 3 years ago. i love you
haha i love you imy
what's that g
what i want
groups with a "code of silence" better known as "the blue code of silence" is a gang. so let's say all pds!
you are right. this is beyond belief. their silence excuses murder.
stop with the automated dms! you'd never walk up to someone in person and tell them to read something at the first interaction
truth. also really hate automated linkedin 'congrats on your new role' messages
okay, i need to get used to unlocking the iphone now
?? bought the new one?
guys we're noticeably nervous and cautious but kicked it into gear in the last few minutes. swann and cedric really stood out.
kendrick was the weakest out there, but he should have a fun match with tj
current fave thing - cis people freaking out over being called cis. does not compute. do they think it's an insult?
or they do not identify as such.
according to an article i read, he really does!
does he play the piano too? i'm thinking of the epidode s1 when he played piano with fr frank .
aaron went to ulta for me to get the 21 days of beauty item haha
he's seriously the sweetest lol
on a night flight most ppl sleep...but not the guy behind me! he talked loudly the whole flight about stuff you shouldn't talk loudly about!
you should have booted him in the face!!!
i miss early 2000's music
golden era of white boy music
holy shit i won an yesterday. it's just now hitting me. sorry everyone.
bwahahaha, congrats, patton, very very well deserved.
omg i'm obsessed with this
my mutuals literally slay
delivering a stray dog to the animal shelter because they didn't know when they would be able to come get him.
also, come on san jose. the best you can do is "we will try to send an officer to find him again later."
i shouldpost a tb from when we went to halloween horror night in 8th grade
please please please
both spock and tuvok have been wait what sarah silverman is in this?
as is ed begley junior / is this episode real
heard the little homie
don't disrespect me like that dog
follow everyone who replies "ifb" to my gain tweets to gain faster!
ifb let's go !!
crap pisses me off. didn't want these bastders being 2-0 with us.
i know right we just need to take care of our business.
court in the morning:) guess i'll get drunk
that's the spirit
oh yeah. big island. plenty of room hope the seals are friendly ...
bloody awesome!!!
watched snow white on the plane. after 27 years of thinking it was "it's off to work we go", i discover it's "it's home from work we go" ??
i...i thought that's what it was too...well shit.
if you put your snapchat in an insta story you a hoe
lmaoo why everybody doin that
we gotta meet man, it's been a while
where you at?
i'm fine with kendrick as tjp's first challenger, but they really ought to do a second cruisers match on the ppv to showcase others.
nah. can only have one match from them on the show, man. gotta give time to let other storylines breathelol
lol bullied all 4 years, it was a living hell and i couldn't wait to graduate but once i graduated life has been fab
im late but im going to start high school next year...it really as dreadful as everyone says its going to be?
congrats to bono, whose tireless work with the &amp; has benefited millions of people.
sylvia lee-huang nyu should be honored finding pregnant women have powerful aids weapon
that's a pretty hot take
you probably don't have cops aiming guns at you when your car breaks down.
i used to love jay cutler, in part bc he went to my school, vanderbilt. but i just can't defend him any more. not sure he really cares.
that is surprising, considering the most famous story about him is called the don't care story.
voting third party this year bc you dislike clinton is like refusing first aid bc you don't like the ambulance.
clinton as a protest vote against trump clearly a stronger option that jill stein vote as protest against humanity
all right:-)
i messed up..the one that doesn't say 2016 isn't the original music..don't worry about that one...just listen to the 2016 one
at some point in my life i must go back to thailand. needs to come with. take him to the full moon party &amp; end his life.
i'm with it for sure. you've edified the hell out of that party hahaha. though you already know i want amsterdam
hold on to the ball cutty
wait. you charge money and you took the bears?
clinton accused trump of enabling islamic state fighters with his rhetoric and hinted he may be committing treason...
lock her up
could you please dm me your e-mail address? (i can't dm you.)
it's jwthornton at gmail!
so, how will voters rob mike trout of the mvp this year? column:...
reminds me of how they always robbed pujols...
ahhhhh it's so beautiful
i'm updating the goodreads page yayyyyyy
if i had a playlist for my life, this would be the first song. tbh
thats funny i was just thinking about this song
then there's your future
brighter than the sun
she was bad in atl though
new new lol!!! she's pretty but has hoodrat tendencies
i would love to do a graphic novel of my dad's time in the service. i think it would be hilarious. reminder to interview him soon.
sounds almost like maus, although probably less holocausty.
no way. off 1 bad start. bart is good against young inexperienced teams
not just based off tonight, i fear teams will run wild off him, especially in the playoffs
on our way to bharath bazaar to buy some samosas
uncle and mummy ji
&amp; she better wear that dress
i wanna see a picture of her
, thought of this earlier when i saw this picture and saw how she is on pointe
it's painful to look at
i, too, revisited the original blair witch project recently and i also still love it. it's so intense, so well done.
i thought it would have aged badly but was definitely wrong. it's frightening as all hell.
the emu? lol
you think she accomplished that without references?
did he pay for your gas then???
no he told me i was too beautiful to be pumping my own gas after asking me to be his wife
n stop actin like a baby back bitch
tru lets tu when u get off work
because jay cutler!! must be your fantasy qb
lol hell nah. just amazed at his awful decisions.
": he's the only candidate that will keep us safe!"
no he's not the men and women of law enforcement do nypd/nycdoc don't mess with us
in sacramento, we don't have rain, or tourists!
just watched a movie where jesse plemons complains the whole time about moving back home to sacramaneto from nyc
what if you offered a cogent rebuttal instead of begging me to stop telling the truth?
"a fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool."
cool dope, we'll try to link up.
that would be cool
this is why i want to work on skycranes
oh yeah? wait do you really want to work on sky cranes?
a pigeon has found a 3-square inch gap on my neighbor's roof from which to roost. the amount of crap it produces is mind boggling.
is there a survivors group? i have two roosting between my deck and the folks below me. and everything is white-ish now.
i understand and appreciate it. i am doing everything possible. recovery can be slow when there is nothing to grasp onto.
what do u mean by nothing to grasp onto
after a few days with the iphone 7, basically the same as the 6s but absolutely the most refined iphone experience (i love the home button!)
you see much difference with the photo quality?
pastor, read rev 2:9 &amp; 3:9, quit serving the synagog of satan &amp; fornicating with babylon.
kindly take your fucking bible and shove it up your ass and kill yourself
terror attacks complicate obama's refugee push | ap photo
typical for the obama administration. act now since something happened instead of preventing it from the start.
howwww is adam so sexy
you were watching too?!?!
just got home from the pharmacy. ear and sinus infection.
nuuuuu! *throws medicine at you.*
and 0 turnovers. amazing.
but dak hasn't done really much of anything, good or bad, means he's better right?
is 128gb iphone 7 plus enough or is it worth the extra $100 for the 256gb??
pretty sure 128 gb is more than enough space
doc, given the mad scenario in sub-continent, india's hands are completely tied.
modi or no modi, india can't do anything except launching diplomatic offensives. and pak knows this.
call it what you will but we are at war. we don't have a choice. if you see something, say something....
libs better hope there's a deplorable nearby to report something that doesn't seem right, cause libs won't speak up,not pc!
what to get in my ice cream please just fucking answer the question
oreo and reeses
i don't want 2 word this in a way that makes u think u have 2 but in order to dm u gotta be following me as well ily tho
oh right of course!
wait, an actual functioning human being wrote this campaign ad? fuck, i hate that half of america!
and another did this lol
excuse the fuck outta me! hello gorgeous
thanks babe
wishing i was going to see queen tonight with .
it's nearly a year later and i'm still not over it.
craw breaks up the no-no... giants owning kershaw fasho-sho!
somehow the second inning doesn't make me think of a no no.
it's over...russia wins 4-3....gaudreau misses empty net..gostisbehere post..wow...shots were 44-25...incredible game..
that was insane last minute. thought they had one there.
jungle by on
brand new tune star is on itunes
lol 99% of these bitches in the industry are the fakest people you'll ever meet yet hoes are surprised everyday
god bless syd for having the guts to keep it real. and for having the brains to know how to really say it.
at least chicago has the cubs (first time anyone has said that in twitter history)
their hockey team ain't bad either lol
"what's he hiding," asked the woman who deleted 30,000 subpoenaed documents, used bleachbit on the disk, then destroyed phones w/ a hammer.
really? how can she even see over that mountain of emails!??
damn. trey burton. this is fun as s**t. doug pederson has called plays of a massive variety.
but jason he doesnt know to work a radio
you might want to explain the meaning of "cogent" to a lib. you're just confusing him
maybe. maybe not.
literally this close to quitting my fucking ra job i can't take these people any longer
i had to check your profile to make sure you actually tweeted this
ever have to pee but can't so you hold it in and then forget and then you have to pee really bad at a very inconvenient time?
long story short i'm peeing on the side of the robert moses causeway
let me guess...steel cage match ends with........ interference?!
calling it, rusev rips the door off and gets speared. seth jumps from the top.
which is more difficult to choose?
the results of this are upsetting lol. you win
is it too touristy?
yea it is very touristy, which means if you have common decency it is very slow going.
think i'll go get the 7 plus tomorrow.. anyone get it yet? i have the 6s plus now
i have a flip-phone.
trying to decide between having to deal with another toxic brazilian team or the optic fangays at esl
damn dude there's not even fangays in the cs world for optic it's just cod
current sunset in lincoln city.
are you crying
on , lists the three questions he'd like to ask right now:
how about do you think bleachbit is a good product? this why he blocks you guys
i'm really a nice person, stuff like this should be happening to me
woah *shouldnt
i'm really confused. my "reminder" is apparently to be awesome...
girl, you don't need a reminder for that.
hey they finally showed the back of the heads of 3 jurors. i was thinking there weren't any cause they couldn't afford any extras
probably poor props workers dragged out and back of their heads combed lol
western conference roster shake-ups set mavs up to compete, says
yeah it they got harrison barnes.
he's actually whitesplaining to every black person who says it's offensive why it's in fact not offensive using lan...
guy needs to cut the losses and just say he's sorry for doing it
i just mean because sturgis pulled a hammy
how the fuck does a kicker pull a hamstring? go do some yoga.
for my lacs majors out there, come show us your creative side
let me at it
hey , what are some of your favourite business related books? :)
i only read fiction :)
trump: "and i will help women, because we have the women's health problems."
i'll help the womens, with the blood coming out of their whatever.
celebrate reviewer dana miller who is "tenacious in championing undervalued ideas and fields and pushing for those...
that's awesome. where did the quote come from?
aha yet another shill of / earned a block, yes you have!
you're keyboard warrior.
is obama's giveaway a criminal conspiracy?
i sincerely hope he is indicted &amp; prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law for acts of treason
thank you..i'm sorry
don't be sorry! be safe.
a4: saw one school where entire staff built bird houses in teams. was low risk for everyone, but lots of teamwork!
cool. free little libraries for the community would also be cool.
def chick just gets checks and cashes them from her baby dads
bird!!!! they are all the same! starting with khloe kardashian
tune in to tonight to see quickstep!
omg what are you doing with the muppets?? love it!
read about salesforce einstein ... seems interesting
yes, this is one of the projects i'm working on since sometime :)
together we'll !
without a doubt truism always wins
taking a cab to the airport. "mrs. o'brien, why do tv networks give so much airtime to white supremacists and hate?"
this is called white man's club.cnn,fox&amp;msnbc all were involved appeared like media was competing,trump covered
its a struggle! go to slid and just crouch mid map and get destroyed
bro exactly ! literally got asked why im teabagging in respawn i was like bro im trying to run and slide lololol
today is fun bc i'm sitting on a bench in union square park loling at everyone's reaction to acorns falling on their head.
fall is coming
weird that the raw story title refers to him as houstonian. wonder if they just called rahami new jerseyan.
good point. another example of bad reporting all around.
you coming to bruh?
when is it, and where?
the govt didn't know rahami traveled to pakistan &amp; afghanistan many times, but you can trust it to vet the refugees.
love this! you can trust us with your safety....said no one to the government!
hillary lied to congress! fbi director comey confirms in his testimony that hillary clinton lied
and yet she is running for potus! why james why?!
so confused rn
i started w the first pic just tracing over and then i used a white layer as the background and the...
love you papa she's a great fit for you
she hits me like how you used to
because elon musk wants it, the government must make it happen. expect high taxes soon.
he's behind this?! my opinion of him went down
also, i don't care for the new ios. there. i said it. i feel lighter somehow.
but have you sent your imessages with lasers or confetti?!
my bad i said try... i'm obviously here
it's always a competition with you.. if i let the people decide you might get your feelings hurt
eagles ass too
facts they suck but i still got bread on them
i have a vid of it
email me .j.geller.com
i'm a musician &amp; when i 1st heard of this i was fascinated at what it might do for my music.
it's something i grew up with so to me is just life
jungle by on
brand new tune
someone come get her phone
she lowkey reminds me of mia
it's the rocky horror picture show/mcu crossover event you've all been waiting for. hulky horror? rocky thoror? who...
magenta witch and riffsilver? man, they shoulda put me in charge of this.
weird that the raw story title refers to him as houstonian. wonder if they just called rahami new jerseyan.
*misreporting
then everything is terrorism.
calling something a thing is a different activity from classifying it as something from a governmental/jurisdictional view.
ws fuckup&gt;&gt;&gt; meaningless april game. not to mention ur quality is worse than duda's ba hold this l
lmao i would say murph is doing ok for the nats.
omg i love the first one !
thank u! i messed up but it's ok
carson wentz line with :53 left in the 3rd quarter: 18 of 30 172 pass yards two crucial drops, one of which would have been a 35 yard td.
he's playing well, if his receivers improve, and they add a cb or 2, the eagles could be a legitimate threat next year
6th time seeing him &amp; i finally got to meet my favorite lyricist ughhh
what the fuck!!!!! where?!? omg...dude i wanna cry i'm so jealous
scroll past it real fast... this aint look like a no good shirt? lmao
lol deadass almost ... i've been thinking about redoing those shirts
when i see this all i can really think of is that story about van halen contractually requiring their concert venue...
dtjr is the brown m&amp;m
can't put gold on a ship because it will slow you down just go to the island where the gold is and set camp your girl will be waiting-father
father gave me that quote after i told him about my dreams and aspirations.
but that's when it gets good
my point exactly
i honestly didnt see it, whatd you say? id be pissed too, but if it was an attack on me not sure why, i didnt do anything lol
i just called u trash thats it lol
we're gonna feel pretty dumb if our weird obsession with state department email practices leads to ethnic cleansing.
the people who believe the emails are important will just dig their heals in.
on , lists the three questions he'd like to ask right now:
truly pathetic what is on the screen. got ratings?
what a twist!
had a feeling she was going to kill him
come to the dark side! it will help you have a safe and fun america
i can't see in the dark, so no thanks.
she's on the counter with her pants off next to a stack of dominos. i'm almost certain her juices aren't dripping onto the floor.
i see a spill rag in the back they good.
wwe need to realize why smackdown the 2 hour show beats the 3 hour show pretty much every week,.
aint shit on on tuesday
i just mean because sturgis pulled a hammy
i'd rather go for 2s the rest of the season
a fucking look baby
thank you
i've got 10 days of antibiotics, some nyquil, cough drops, and a humidifier. just wish i didn't have to be at school.
oooh. hope it passes soon. boo on that last count. *hugs*
father gave me that quote after i told him about my dreams and aspirations.
and this one jawn i was stuck on
dont you want to open classes here in sudan !
i wish he would...
yesss, yo i hate that trick she look like a old kitchen sponge in the face for real!
idk why tristan thompson is smashing that. too many dudes been in that already
o-ok i-ill habeas a shower ii thnk
make sure there are no razors around you and remember to take deep breaths and make sure the water isn't too hot.
instead going after police and lumping them all together go after the individual involved in the incident.
with all do respect , i disagree. we have a systematic policing problem in this country. ...
every time i think nfl fans can't be that dumb, some % of them gets dumber.
there's a few of us out there who have lost zero brain cells and still despise york/baalke
not sure could be any more incompetent if they tried!
i'd love to know how i can get approved for a card with you, then be told that i can't use apple pay because i'm (cont)
i thought i was so cute lmfao
ur always cute
i wonder: what if locked-room puzzle structure could be applied to an actual (not imagined) problem?...
yes!!! change the world and have fun
now that went well! fritz seems thrilled with his new job.
omg now that's funny
i thought all football games had halftime shows
they all do. rarely are they televised though
shawshank and goodfellas for certain. well represented.
predator, die hard, interview with the vampire, princess bride, major league, 5th element, fight club, any lotr, b'fast club
spicy. is right . the truth often offends the mind to reveal what is in the
i use "spicy" to describe food.
i can't tell if the eagles are actually decent or the bears are just that awful.
bears are obviously awful
dude is so bad its highkey upsetting. hello, can we hang out with out our damn star trek tunics one day?
uh yes. i love you so damn much you angel. please take me to do cool shit w/ u
too bad duda isn't for the mets
better than loney! not that it's a high bar
back at my hotel &amp; i had the best 4 hours w/ laughing so much. had lots a fun with u lovely. sorry i leave n a few hrs.
thank you for everything. i legit peed my pants tonight - i couldn't stop laughing - love ya - safe flight tomorrow
. trump is acting outrageous because he doesn't know any other way to act. he's not normal.
i think he has a form of tourette's. seriously.
boring af lol
same in high school fam
easy to look great against the browns and bears
but if you watch his film he's great, he improvises, adjusts and is accurate...
we can skype tomorrow if you want?!! i am funemployed at the moment heh
oooo wait you don't have the cam yet? get it gurl
ashish gupta went off!!
the definition of leaving me shook
but....you also do good work. once i pay someone upfront and they bullshit that's the last coins of mine they'll ever see
which is so dumb because your name is still on the line why sabotage that because you already got paid ... backwards
a soldier for isis stabbed nine people, but what really cuts is a possible backlash.
zabsolutely ludacris to worry about backlash! execute the pos!
i'd love to know how i can get approved for a card with you, then be told that i can't use apple pay because i'm (cont)
'not verified' when i've already sent in documentation twice, and you still haven't verified it. and after i've got the card!
when someone lights a cigarette around me
don't you just love the smell of cancer?
i wanted to buy a lot today but decided to get a few things lol but thank you!
it's hella hard to resist right?! haha you're welcome!
i mean....i just can't imagine any point i could make with that word that would be worth hurting people, doing harm.
an example of usage i was okay with was randy newman "rednecks," only one that comes to mind atm
i thought i was so cute lmfao
follow me so i can show u true love
he called for a revolution. now he's trying to reform the democratic party. reformation is not revolutionary.
a revolution has many different roles that people need to fill. we each have our part, and our best way to contribute.
probably. ;)
- actually, sounds exciting. do it!
"experts" say the damnedest things.
so they formed a pack!? most packs have 4-9though a 2-3 wolf pack isn't unheard of(per wikipedia)
when i was a young bastard i used to poke holes in the air bubbles of my brothers nikes
u ruined lives. i don't kno if i can ever dap u the same again. lol
hey , that's the point i made last month. glad you agree.
~ and you both have the personalities of poisoned skittles.
i'd say there's a &gt;0% chance president trump would put together a task force to identify twitter accounts that talked shit about him
usajobs is gonna have a new category : "internet libel officer."
i can't tell if s1 jonah or s5 jonah is worse but all of them make me nauseous in the best way possible
holy shit can we be friends
i did cry lmao i was so nervous! &amp; in oakland cause my show was tonight
how did you find him...literally going to stalk him tomorrow. i can't believe ittttt ahhhhh
loney&gt; duda
at hitting singles and making errors, yes. at everything else, no
ion even got those so wassup?
lmfaooo i'm not having a debate with you tonight .. we're 3-1 i'll let you have this one
'not verified' when i've already sent in documentation twice, and you still haven't verified it. and after i've got the card!
seriously, you could not make this up if you tried.
i used to love jay cutler, in part bc he went to my school, vanderbilt. but i just can't defend him any more. not sure he really cares.
he's getting a fat pay check, so no he doesn't care. feel for hc john fox. sure when he took job he wasn't expecting this.
harry potter's childhood 'privet drive' home from the movies is for sale in the uk:
i would buy this right now !
can i pls let u know when iim ddone pplse?
yes dm me when you're done.
i have some mid thirties japanese history/encyclopedia volumes, if you like.
those are likely to be full of interesting and illuminating lies, but my japanese probably isn't up to it (yet)
no but david is the homie
i think he still has me blocked
had you for a zagnut man myself.
i was thinking cow tales. who knew.
i haven't used a headphone jack in like a year come join the battery drain future
me either. but it's still dumb. when they removed the optical drive usbs were popular. this feels 3 years premature.
is this on the news in va or ny? lmao
nah idk what ur talkin about, we were just on a manhunt for a bomber in ny
amy that is by far the tweet of the night
cutler=quitter
made the sat registration deadline with three hours to spare
oh shit.. haha yeah i don't feel like rushing so oh well
happy birthday bro stay slumped and blessed
thanks brotha appreciate it lol i'm gone rn
show me a 16 year old who can microwave their own hot pockets first. then we can tackle that voting thing.
i was working at 16. some of us needed to leave school n work...
the longest day / forever flourishing
as busy as i have been &amp; stressful as things can get, i am truly the happiest i've ever been in my whole life. fucked up ???
we should accept that pakistan has become the terror capital: sudhanshu trivedi, bjp
this is the time when dialogue will not work but corner pakistan from all front.india must use military, strategic and economic
donald trump jr. dismissed as human equivalent of black licorice, the foulest of candies, for graceless and block-headed statements.
black licorice is exquisite &amp; substantial by comparison
man1: ooh, nice bag! man2: eww, there's a bomb in it! man1: gross. but the bag's a keeper, honey....
be a long time 'fore i forage for furniture on the street. remember this? imagine it with bombs.
nothing motivates me more than being the most underdressed person in the room
seems to me you're in the right room
who's watching on tonight!????
haven't seen you yet but i'm watching! :-)
is this true
lmfao you have to watch to understand
actually room 785!! oh wait ....no
stop it you know how much i wanted to be your roomie
true story! lol!
did you make that?! that's good!
today: "there are millions of law abiding, peaceful muslims in the united states."
so if they are so wonderful, why doesn't she let them move into her hood?
need to call that dumb beaver lax
amber rose is another thotty
he was literally just standing in front of the venue for 40 minutes chillin lol. get there early!
ok i will!!! ahhhh have so much fun!!!
all boys do is lie and cum fast
when u not a boy
did you also see the neighbor's house? the funny dude lmao /jelly me d: where exactly is itttt/
the neighbor's house has a wood fence so we can't see, probably was shot in a different area
if you want hillary clinton to block you on twitter, just tweet relentlessly about how she doesnt pay her interns?
top tip: start paying your millennial interns before you write a stump op-ed about how america needs to listen to m...
looks like horatio - he sneak out on you today?
i love that people keep sharing this with me! it makes me so happy!
this is y'all's fave, right? oh. okay.
it's not his finest hour.
night made! first live and then i meet and ! best part? a hug from !!
the best part was watching dance.
back to dubai tomorrow
you always in dubai bae, if there's any single men who like black men tell them tweet me
scoring with the incomparable ! hope to see ya sunday!
of course!! hope you will also be able to see on sunday
happy monday a hip hop a hippity me in the bang bang boogie to be
wow!!! [ 108 rts ] . 179 likes!!!! omg ppl many thx .
if you want to see all of in 2 minutes, here you go!
i'm literally dying how funny
i think my aunt just asked me if i want to keep a teen under house arrest?
your aunt texts in a frightening way
camden yards sounds like fenway park tonight
we called it fenway of the south. when the o's were terrible from 07-11 camden was mostly sox fans. v easy for cheap tix
when a man screams in arabic, asks victims whether they are muslim, and then starts hacking people with knives, it's islamic terror.
oh please, can't you see this is an act of civil disobedience protesting attacks on muslim culture? ~~~ &lt;cynic-in-training&gt;
yet they still came back down 3-1 and lebron led in almost every major category..
icymi while cavs fans were eating shit, this happened
i just watched 10 cloverfield lane and basically i just want to fight
besides that weird ending i thought that shit was amazing. i'm a huge fan of part 1 so that shit threw me off odee
confirmed: all clubs adding the new era logo to their on-field caps, deal begins with 2016 postseason details...
well, i'll never buy a on-field cap again. now please excuse me, as i go rush to a store to buy a lifetime supply w/out logo
no i miss you too it's ok
awe but i miss you more
thank you! we're swinging for the fences!
and we'll keep supporting by buying and reviewing it i speak for both
i'm hella cheesin my eyes are like closed haha thanks babe!
you look beautiful!!!! and so does he hahah
no i don't, but i'm mainly focused on calling cops(racist/murderers or not) terrorists, i don't think it fits the definition
they gun down innocent people and create terror in their communities. that is exactly the definition.
we should accept that pakistan has become the terror capital: sudhanshu trivedi, bjp
military, economic and strategic force to crush pakistan and all the terrorist camp in pakistan.
when you tell her "slow down" but she heard "show off, do tricks and start wilding tf out"
joce this weekend
just submitted my first college essay ever!!! too bad i wrote the wrong professor's name on the paper. fml
better than getting your own name wrong like i did
it doesn't play in 2016. tone deaf.
and especially bad on twitter, for sure.
what is this??
muscle recovery at -210 degrees fahrenheit for 3 minutes.
"yo i make beats too, what do you use?"
the culture starter pack.
get out of my phone you lovable bastard!
asking not to gremlin your phone is like asking asking nicolas cage to have reasonable hair in a movie.
lol! brah i was in 1st grade
well how do u feel about urself? lol like really think about what you've done.
don't understand the point of your article about king charles iii. play hasn't even opened yet. will there be a real review l8r?
it's a preview blurb. i read a bit of the script in order to write it. review to come later this week
you are very talented darren! have a goodnight tonight.
aw, thanks very much dennis! :-)
to confirm: we're available saturday. let's do something rad! we have somewhere to be 10:30 am on sunday (early!)
how do you folks feel about laser tag? cus tbh could be fun. drinks before/after of course.
luck got robbed of roy that year. took a much less talented team to the playoffs year 1 was enough for me
totally agree they won 9 after only winning one the year prior!
the only thing duda has over loney is sucking dick. duda is amazin' (get it hehe) at that
ah yes a creative insult. a big night on line for you.
worst part is, now i'm thinking about how good skittles are
i'm going to get some sour skittles on my way home. they do not deserve this.
i know we'll be discussing tomorrw.
my instructions would be "cry under blanket with bottle of wine for the rest of the week"
can't believe it's finally over. thanks for giving me something interesting to write about
well this looks mighty interesting!
and it was about how mean and boring chess is!
well, in retrospect, i should not have used the official hashtag, as now i am being retweeted by a lot of bots.
ok have fun trying to vote in a dementia patient that will let illegals come here to kill you
i love how all you trump supporters assume i support hillary. ya'll need to work on a different angle.
corey tryna finesse me for my discount lol
speaking of ur store... y'all getting the yezzys
i don't remember cloverfield at all. i should watch again. i really enjoyed this one though. there better be another film.
yeah i hope so too. part 1 is so different that you'd think they have nothing to do with each other
says the 5h stan
tori is too talented to open for ariana
i want someone that i can put all my effort into , just can't find someone who's willing to do the same
it's the pony tail man
you're welcome, gregory - i may not remember the sermons, but i always remember the sweet music he used to feed my soul.
i'm sure glad that our lord loves music! and so do i! it gives me great joy. singing+making melody in ur heart to the lord
it's a good plan until someone calls a getter inside drawrect or has always been calling a getter inside drawrect
there are no getters inside the -drawrect:
the truth would be so refreshing. sigh. the success of the voter fraud myth
what a disgusting piece of ridiculous propaganda. shame on you crappy nyt
settings&gt; general&gt; accessibility&gt; home button&gt; tap "rest finger to open"
omg thank you! i love how apple was like nope sorry can't help
oddly enough did a video on something like this a few days ago
what nolan said the process is called bonding connections
yeah i'm honestly so proud of their work in mob psycho this season, i lost faith in them for a while...
wha?!bones's like 1of the best studios w/ the most consistent line up of gr8 shows!!my hero academia and mob in consec seasons!!
why is anyone friends with me i'm such a messi literally disgust myself but hey! if you put up with me for more than a week...buckle up fam
because you're amazing. but why are we friends with that kaitlyn girl?
are bluetooth adapters the way to go for older cars without aux cables? i can't stand listening to the radio anymore. .__.
cassette to 3.5mm aux. 5 bucks, max.
i'd say earthquake is bigger than rent. one can kill you. the other means you can't live in sf anymore.
then again, some sf hipsters would rather get crushed by a rack of fixie bikes in an earthquake than have to move out.
should be posted on our website. let me know if you can't find it
i will do anything for the link last night 10pm news segment on chelsea explosion, aired between 10-10:15pm . thanks zachary
why i will never, ever, ever own a self-driving car.
i'm excited to own one, but yeah, less excited about one owning me.
i actually completely ignored that option haha, will have to look into that
they cost a pretty penny but definitely worth it!
says the 5h stan
its like chanel opening up for a walmart
jk that was mean i'm in san jose and i miss you so much
thanks for hanging out w mw maya smh
2-0 baby, thank you
he didn't really "go off" but he got the job done
yeah i started getting mad when they started shoving the bottle , i wish the fuck u would
bitch i was watching this sad as fuck for him you seen the regret on his face when he was done
okay thank you
glad you caught it
new farro recipe alert! you have to make this. so good and so easy!
farro is so the new quinoa
read this heartbreaking rebuke of by a mom of the aurora movie theater tragedy. puts things in perspective.
wow. very moving
what do you think they're gonna talk about banning next?
common sense
for those of you wearing a jacket outside today, you need to get your internal biological temperature sensor recalibrated.
seriously. i do not understand.
yep...looks you're gonna be right and me wrong about them. i didn't think their o would be able to be average and it is.
i think wentz is further along than anyone thought. he'll make some rookie mistakes, but he's not bad.
i need 2 more beats to finish this project! send me dat evil shit
ii got beats
who is the kicker next week:
sebastian letoux
eccentric orbits is a fabulous story about , w/innumerable events &amp; players plus rockets &amp; science, def...
somebody wrote a book about iridium? hmm. i've spotted many flares, work in sunnyvale. i may have to read it. :-)
does mean girls have hot gymnastics coach jeff bridges in a goddamn drop top convertible? no
that this movie is sporting 33% on rotten tomatoes is a national disgrace. i'm writing to obama
i bet you have good opinions about this what bedside reading light should i get that is a dim, warm light? not harsh blue leds.
mmmm most small lamps at ikea have a warm light. i used one for a long time &amp; liked it a lot! i'm actually not sure though ha ha
this team is seriously breaking my heart. really needed something to distract from the socio/political shitstorm that is 2016. this ain't it
2016 can go to hell as far as i'm concerned. looking forward to hockey season at least.
shabbir just told me my horns and my fangs just came out because i yelled at him
update: he said "they always come out when you're angry"
having someone like you, like you. sometimes it is true, differences help us appreciate each other more.
we are both scorpios. i meant this thread as compatibility between two scorpios not with any other sign
convicted palestinian terrorist's wife to speak at global initiative dinner
: the clinton's have always favored criminals. bird of a feather.
somebody come pick me up off the floor please. pretty please.
right???
haha no worries, one of my favorite shows. i'll find it online
same, which is obviously why i named my fish schmidt
i know but it seems like they were trying lo fi is intentionally intentionally shitty
lo fi is like "haha yeah vintage" this they're like trying and it's shit
wow drinking on charter...if i would have know. you would have been handled by the main man
doing a great job kelly!!!
i feel you. but they always come runnin back after u get fed up and leave. it's a good feeling to tell them no
it is i agree. ugh everything just sucks :))
question of the day: should we start surveilling on mosques in new york city &amp; elsewhere? share your thoughts using .
: absolutely yes
yo super scared corncutt, how bout a bet: loser shaves their head? stop takin selfies &amp; take antibiotics. i'm gonna...
not gonna lie... either of you with no hair has me curious!
going on a date with someone shorter than me supposedly he really likes me so i am going to give it a try.
his dick size makes up for it so yeah like that matters but still a factor.
how to better [infographic] by
thank you for sharing! have a great day :)
his username is the best part
honestly that's the only reason why i retweeted
6. make the time and effort.
7. don't lie. keep it 100. we find out anyway.
jim robinson lived in a friendfield plantation slave cabin. his great-great-granddaughter lives in the white house.
i love it! but who had slaves you moron
klim is still available in singaporean supermarkets. and yes, the undissolved lumps are the best.
: glad you agree! wonder if there is still any klik?
i respect you, not your shitty opinion though
i respect your beard, not your choice in who you would want talking the helm of an offense
should've never took that cab there fam
i'm here only with one beer because i refuse
icymi: green is the thing:
i greatly enjoyed this post - forest green is my sig
there's about 12 people on twitter that if i were to unfollow my feed would be empty for days
follow more people
is there a trailer anywhere for "mute"?
yeah! check out the teaser &amp; more at:
"rock solid." from : cruz spares no words and blasts obama's un speech --&gt;
are you still here. didn't you and heidi ride into the sunset. your base chose a lying, bigoted sociopath more extreme than you
this shit is so op i luv it keep them comin
she really had me heated telling me i couldn't substitute my side for another biscuit like i haven't done this every time already
thanks serena, hope you have fun this school year!
thank you so much! i'm having a fun time this year. we'll definitely arrange a boba party in december.
yaaaaay!!! it's on!!! let's this twitter thing!
i'm on the east coast and it was great!!!!! miss michael and cote, but the new cast did a fantastic job!!!!
remembering the innocent lives lost
gay saudi prince 'murdered servant in ferocious attack'|via
no such thing as being stuck. we're always moving. just have to recognize which direction.
word. deep. what a guy!
tratior of harami starts campaign to save pakistan
to all the jaichands of india.india has supersonic brahmos missiles,pakis destroye
if anyone has seen this bobblehead please contact me or
you lost it!?
council member emphasizes that he thinks this was a large problem, with challenges, and council came to a good solution
council member rick jones says he echoes the sentiments of . says he is hesitant to pare back program before implemented.
look, if you live in a house w/me, sooner or later you're going to be the only student in an impromptu class on the history of fleetwood mac
in my defense, if you claim you can only name one fleetwood mac song you're bringing it on yourself
this is wild - campaign going nuclear on a reporter who has absolutely nailed the story
a sociopath liar and cheat. ugly and despicable low life
this is absolutely insane now bro
its been insane. i legit can't even walk past a cop without getting tense. people shouldn't have to deal with that.
"pull some sweet stuff" oh god, we were so young
yeah. now i would say "sick stuff"...
is v4 all wcag aa now?
was looking at a couple components last week, quite a few contrast violations. example
i don't even fully believe my shit. im open. if you're certain in your shit, it worries me
generally anyone who claims to have all the answers is in my mind, an asshole, and not to be trusted.
so in dubai would it be 3adi to dress the way i would in the us or nah?
unfortunately yes
plus how often is your car parked in a place where no one else is around?
parking garage, suburban street at night time, overnight parking lots
please help me
def like the aqua one but the camel will go w/ more things
i just don't understand how i brand on twitter can do so many giveaways and market their products so much, but can't keep up with shipping
their items on time. why sell so many products if you can't make them in a decent amount of time? at least let ur customers before buying!
sorry little more interesting people to scan. u r not werth more time lmao gth
depression setting in, oh yeah try spell check
i mean, 40% = worse odds than many casino games, and over a long period of time, it's proven to be quite profitable for casinos.
casinos have a turnover rate much higher than 8 years...
happy birthday and many thinks for all. david from burgundy
much respect
it's very important that you understand the poor gdp and workforce participation numbers. both are unacceptable.
i am aware of both. given world economy, us is doing very well as our most-tho not all-americans.
*then get it right girl
ok you have no right to correct me remember your essay
oh my god, this is my dream outcome! rt : statistics seem really hard
i think this means that everyone voted for the green party multiple times.
collin powell:israel has 200 nuclear bombs illegal under law to aid any country that did no sign the nuclear n...
to you and your administration i give you this
interview clip of gov. mike pence today in norfolk. often in role of defending
funny, he shakes his head "no" when he talks about trump. that usually means someone doesn't believe what they are saying.
commentary from tays 2015 journal :
"grow up bitch" "go fuck yourself" "if anyone finds this, plz shoot me in the head. i'd rather die than live with the embarrassment"
what i'm the flying fuck does that mean?! brooklyn is ny
right? whispers.. i used seamless coupon i stead
the slap heard 'round the world... trump aide: bush 41's support for clinton a 'slap in the face'
ahh and what a sharp ring that slap has.
bring back !!!!!!!!! i know he talk alot, but he nice at what he do!!!!!!!!
haha. thank you my friend. i'll be at genesis 4 for sure
are fucking kidding me?! tulsa cops: pcp found in terence crutcher's car via
it appears you are just seeing this or hearing about it - straight b.s. they murdered him.
being a sexual person who's also picky af is the worst
b less picky then
nope. but i love the irony of someone making a lazy error while accusing others of errors.
i humbly apologize i thought you were full time at nyt - yes i agree the irony is delicious
even after i responded lol wow hes dumb
's not doing himself any favors acting like an idiot on twitter. he's going to lose us as followers soon...
the fact you can say bad things about a country is a good start
v good and relatable point
just not on the note 7. i'll pass on the explosive achievement lol.
lol acid burn 100 gs
this is how long it will take for me to get a green card.
hat is insane
it's very important that you understand the poor gdp and workforce participation numbers. both are unacceptable.
if you're not, it's my sense you're voting for trump. not sure why but it's a free country
in part this is because i dislike the platform and company, but it's also because pictures there would be tied to his actual real name
i haven't been on facebook in five months
hey genius, enforcing existing immigration laws &amp; restricting refugees from coming thru our
don't be so defensive. this isn't an attack on you. it's an attack on these fringes
donald trump is still lying about birtherism, writes.
compulsive liar
i can't tweet betsy benjaminson's blog either! is it against twitter rules to do so? is it highly controversial blogspot blog?
trolls are hired by automakers to make sure public doesn't find out about toyota defective software..
bad job by espn not mentioning the kessel tweet
take it back
yes. just like uf fans shouldn't compare cats to tebow or au fans shouldn't to cam or texas to vince.. those guys special.
i think dre is special. we wasn't comparing golson to jamies.
brad and angelina are no more, and very, very clearly we must find a culprit to blame - becky with the good hair?
so bleedn' corny and so over done the beck bit is.
can we teach tj rivera how to catch?
it woulda been nice if palwecki coulda taken that role of hitting but we'll see maybe he'll man up during the final stretch
this is about it.
nor did they know he was slightly crazy.
generally anyone who claims to have all the answers is in my mind, an asshole, and not to be trusted.
let alone those who claim to know the will of "god" because they're without a doubt the most full of shit
thanks so much for sharing my article, marina!
you are always welcome, dorie!
thanks for representing the kingdom
many thanks dear. just doing my job but am as we all are, more than glad to do so for tonga . we're making progress.
so if i don't like obama i'm somehow now t-party? obama can kiss my arse, he's done nothing 4 aa
hey also has/had no plan to eradicate poverty, and never even said the word in 2008. why i left dems.
lol i saw that video it was funny but i'm not a fan of his music i just know of him from videos lol
lol word i feel it. he is pretty funny and random. his music kinda starts my day.
re-release trailer for newly restored canuxploitation classic 'the pit' introduces a creepy...
holy hell. just got overwhelmed by a flashback of watching this movie decades ago. had not thought of it since.
damn, that's high praise.
wouldn't say it's as good. just feels that way with family dynamic stuff
the road was only turns!
yup i remember!
she comes across stuck up and condescending
i totally agree, but there is something about her that i like i like lydia also and not a lot of people do
close wild card race huh?
yes...yanks are out though!
and i won't drive myself crazy anymore trying to figure it out. people are just no good
ppl are shit
best i can tell, mauro never mentioned japan tonight on .
that's a lot of vanity searching on twitter dot com.
omg yes i am ready...please dear gawd make it stop.
vote against poop!
yeah at least let us get our work done then. i'm already getting no sleep as it is &amp; i'm sure it's the same for others too
oh yeah im dead. im so empty dude and its only the first month
she comes across stuck up and condescending
gina is my favorite.
i didn't ask. but they did say the lady cop was on a paid vacation.
don't you just hate unsolicited two cents ?
the buildings will collapse the next time putin saber rattles at that level of softness!
that's why i work at an undisclosed coffee shop.
thanks girl don't say that, he knows you exist
your welcome girly and no he don't
i've never met a kevin who was satisfied with his life
kevin hart for sure isn't
trump's 'scampaign' is classic. birtherism was his foot in the door. the rest was like selling bibles to believers....
trump is sinclair lewis's babbitt on steroids, devoid of conscience and bereft of soul
let the ws continue
the streak came to an end very fast
i sat in college classes while blacks stinking of weed disrupted everything. they got jobs after taking easy courses. i compete with h1bs.
i've heard this from many people. why put blacks in college just to fill quotas? only the most qualified students should attend!
as much as i hate eagles fans on here i have to join team wentz. it's way to good for the brand
you love me
kanye west is married to a pornstar and he took a finger up the ass from amber rose, he's definitely
no he ain't homie
now i want overalls but i'm trying to not want overalls. my fashion sense is compromised by fond 20yr old overalls memories
lol overalls fit with my ~overall~ look lmao but i understand
cam talks a lot about hillary's body. there is something going on there.
really? troll.
first it was athletes, but now, even cheerleaders are kneeling during the national anthem
cheerleaders are athletes you dick wads
ha! and , i am back in the ! that means i can now follow and attend &amp; ! :d
yay!! where are you in the usa?
but as this woman struggled and pushed through the poses i thought of my mother and how she would have loved the challenge.
by the time we went into savasana to transition into our floor poses i found myself laying there in tears.
i would have given you an a- if you'd worked in "celery"!
better at haiku: short-fingered vulgarian that great epithet courtesy graydon carter
i miss victor and he dosent awnser my calls :(
what calls tho i don't get anything ?
...no more, but i'm gon wait until you finish so i can talk some more
about me and my things my car my living and how i'm giving it up again
since this is a new twitter account, i think i need to redo my "food i dont like" thread (-:
what do you eat omg :')
you know what happened?
correct me if i'm wrong, wasn't a black dude shot by a cop?
i have sent out at least 20 emails to people looking for roommates. all of them eventually just stop replying to me. is this what dating is?
whatever it is it's super depressing and ensures that most of my days end in disappointment, so y'know
bow # # #
good content
first full day home has been wonderful. how are you?
stoked for you to be in hv currently on page 216 of my book wish me luck
border is not giving up my liberty as a us citizen.
you clearly let that quote go right over your head. but, thanks for playing, gurl
a real pleasure to have you on today. news-wise, this brazil story is, unfortunately, the gift which keeps on giving.
i know. turn your sights on venezuela. colombia: big day oct 2. i was in colombia a couple wks ago. happiest story in latam
i will not vote for a corrupt politician who has pledged to harm my employees and customers and destroy my life's work.
no idea what you mean. hillary won't destroy anything. what do you think she'll do? trump is an existential threat to the usa.
not even close! people are good at it.
no kidding. (we lost with a score of 51. the winners had 56. tight race.)
fuck anyone who says that shit about my brother. if anything, his show only scratches the surface of what he went through.
they don't know down the hill, or how the spanish mob saved shop-rite.
to this day, one of my producers calls me gary just to keep the wound from healing.
good story, brian.
[insert pepe meme of choice.]
when you can't take the msm crap anymore
pry them from his stubby fingers. this, more than net worth foreign entanglements, is the deepest embarrassment.
to standard variety conservative christians, jesus did charity so they can skip it. &amp; trump has your charity for you, right here.
have you ever seen a baby pigeon ?
they're ugly as fuck bruh
not even close! people are good at it.
(i got the theodosia shipwreck question right though, so thank you for that!)
pcp? what blk person uses pcp?
pcp is still around? makes you think the worst - evidence room pcp.
don't let mike pence get away with this. he has nothing to back up his false assertion that the trump foundation is a fraud!
you did not press mike pence on his false statement - stay on it! that s your job!
35 retweets and i'll ruin the streak
look at that ugly ass android emoji
because how much does it help most of you for me to write out "n-methyl-n-tert-butyldimethylsilyltrifluoroacetamide"?
it's actually fun, if you say it with rhythm, and add "boo-ya!" at the end.
absolutely, my friend. and my friends, who don't hide behind fake accounts + anonymous messages.
no one meses with my fiona.
i really love my short hair
get short hair
you people are all nuts. jadzia is way better and way hotter.
strongly true
ooof, ikea scares me
lol i figured you's say something like that :p
i liked the overall story arc of mad max fury road but i wasn't crazy about the aesthetics of the whole shit
i am on the opposite end of this spectrum
i asked you if you represented 100 columbia street, the waterfront district. if not who does. its important to me.
- hey, i did answer. brad lander represents columbia. his handle is - good luck, hope al...
skill testing does not mean hard. it means bad players will lose.
that is a good point but people use skill testing in similar ways to hard. thanks for replying.
shhhh! i am a super freak and a bad mf-shut your mouth!
whachu talkin' 'bout. yasssssssssssssssssssss!!!
crap.thought we were talking about ariana lol
oh yes well i agree with that about her also haha
it's team building time! our new cohort are meeting their standup groups for the first time and building towers tog...
miss this
except eric staal was stud throughout his career.
i mean jay bruce has historically been a good player
media's on total lockdown over hillary's disappearance tonight. something must be up.
i feel like we need to change the hashtag to
where did u grow up? i've never heard that accent in jersey!
- i annunciate all the wrong syllables in words!
my vs world series prediction is becoming more and more real. those two teams dominate like no one else.
what? cubs v indians. come on om.
are you going to c-dunn smash??!! we must know
nah imma sit this one out
let alone those who claim to know the will of "god" because they're without a doubt the most full of shit
any rules that extend beyond the golden rule seem superfluous and shitty to me. like carlin said. "don't be an asshole"
'hillary's coverup operation': bombshell e-mails from her it geeks ...
&amp; 's supporters are hacker's until she's defeate...
has anyone else realized that the entire world is coupled up rn and i can't even get a boy to text me more than once a week
i was thinking this this morning
doing 210kph in a cab to loud house music on the way to the airport is one way to wake up for your 06.20 boarding call. oh, germany.
damn. heading that way thurs. will miss you!
i don't get famous dex someone explain the appeal
knew this fool was trash
i miss watching films in the park, in nyc!!!
was my first time - i lost my outdoor screening virginity w/ifp
yo! i'm witnessing a get lite kid riding the bus. son, i thought they all lived on train !
deadass wow
when and where do you usually listen to podcasts?
broad ? but any/everywhere. subway, gym, while working, in the car, any place ill be for awhile, day/night
emily laughed at the thought of directing in season 12 and look where she is now......fricken directing in season 1...
i love her, she is so adorable.
got his mop award got his contract cj wastes no time giving back with his first nyc basketball camp!
you could meet him bro
ikea scares me more than trader joe's
you're silly
haha, you prove my point
try again, i have you against the ropes just quit
help a chinese guy out am i right
someone give him an m3
so stupid let a nigga beat her ass for cheating on him she goin be the first one pleading a case
man they wanna make fun of it until it actually happen to they ass
ikea scares me more than trader joe's
ikea is great
other countries have way better commercials
fuckin goals
idiot forged in fire is on
facing suge knight now on
happy birthday to the best writer in the world! i hope that you have a great and beautiful day... all the love!
thank you
once this is done on a priority basis all our problems to be solved.india will truly be on the road to din.
vaastu wise west is supposed to be heavier , next big mission for ms. lekhi and company.... move himalayas to where thar is
of you're going to it then why did you add "lmao" at the end?
get yourself some tix pretty sure they're still widely available
look at that sun
sinkin' like a ship
and why are his followers so quick to swallow this lie and absolve him?
why did germans and austrians accept, follow and obey ? and italians ?
is atlanta that good?!
yea the show is super engaging, quirky and engaging
well at least i was honest in mine unlike you
what do you mean i am a friendly person
"life doesn't always fit in a neat little box." i'd have made it the headline, but otherwise this is lovely.
i'd also delete the second-last paragraph about the 'solution', where it slips into marketing-speak.
dating is like that except you come to understand what you're really missing out on (if you have love and joy in your heart)
yeah but what i'm missing out on is a goddamn place to live that won't bankrupt me
for like the full week.... we were like little kids who didn't want to brush their hair lol
omg and leggings/sweats, remember people would be shocked when we wore jeans that was so bad
did you drench yourself in steak sauce?
whiskey only. also he hates steak sauce. give him the steak!
my choice is hillary better than celery the rest has me stumped but better than trumped
burma shave
why you trying to lool big with that 1.8l engine
i will race you. you won't race me. you are a pussy.
failing american indians again
guilt as you see filmed on non-existing virgin trains??
there's a dude wearing a harambe shirt. i think we've gone too far.
rip harambe.
wait, nbc attempting to report on drumpf? even challenge some of his statements? where'd u stuff lauer?
i see you're unfamiliar with the work of &amp; . you should watch sometime.
question of the day: should we start surveilling on mosques in new york city &amp; elsewhere? share your thoughts using .
absolutely!
this is what happens after a full day of it talk. cucina
where are the margaritas?
together, we will make america safe and great again!
hay asshole never say cops are scared were nypd/nycdoc strongdon't mess with us.
loooove these ones
yeah i really like the back of these!
thanks for following:) please subscribe to my blog the wiyatt go to: get posts &amp; comment!
will check it out!
oh my size go fast too
see lol 5s don't really
i really want to take seriously but then you get a guy like this named kit fisto
he's just a dude whose happy doing what he does.
some rights are absolute, some are relative, balance must be struck between the rights of two individuals...
you think men's rights are absolute, women's are relative, apparently.
hillary clinton is playing the biggest trick on the media, controlling the narrative of the debate by letting trump continue &amp; staying mute!
i hope you are right!
look at that ugly ass android emoji
okay just one retweet and i'll ruin the streak
two copyright claims on one video? it must be my birthday.
i ratted you out!
ughhhhh stop guilting me into spending more time on twitter
oh god don't make me admit how much time i spend on twitter. nvm, keep doing what you're doing.
dating is like that except you come to understand what you're really missing out on (if you have love and joy in your heart)
what really crushes me is visiting an apt, roommate seems chill, saying i'll take the room, and they're like i'll get back to you
can someone bring me krispy kreme donuts? it's that kinda day.
i would if you lived in the south bay. side note: move to he south bay to get free donuts. and croissants. and burritos.
fell bad for petti those women gang up on her. lydia can't fucking stand.
not many people like lydia, i either love her one week or hate her another. but i really do like pettifleur
you just called trump supporters "paranoid &amp; fear mongerers". that absolutely is an attack on me. and if ur
that's not what i said. i said "his campaing is based on those traits"
really who messin with u?
people in general.. but i'm not worried
what's heavier?
they are the same wait, wtf is this an attention check for your followers?
what really crushes me is visiting an apt, roommate seems chill, saying i'll take the room, and they're like i'll get back to you
and then i see them relist the apartment next week on craigslist
after just 2 games in the is headed home. first mistake? hire john tortorella as the coach.
couldn't agree more. tortorella is a complete loser. players do not and did not want to play for such a d-bag!!!
steep tech or the white girl furry lookin black shits
i was wearing a causal weightless thermoball jacket
and the fact that women are getting killed in their homes is wild too!
it is of course. but you know... people dont care about stories they cant spin ;(
thanks for having my back. as big as it is.
i've been waiting for this follow for the entirety of my internet life enty
hillary clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. sleep well hillary - see you at the debate!
please you could not win a debate again me.
there is already a target on every cops back &amp; you wonder way they're so jumpy. white people are not your problem
no justification for using deadly force. rules of engagement must be followed
idk fight for it
she's gonna win she has dylan shes cheating
that was my least favorite required read in hs but i still remember talking about the symbolism of the pickle dish in class!
i had utterly forgotten that. a very "teachable" book, in that it has lots of obvious symbols(tm) in it.
so it's just about the statues and not about the actual experience of using the rest of the park?
sometimes you need storage space for park equipment. the were installed with no design thought.
someone watch the halloween tree with me
do you guys even know what the halloween tree is? genuine concern.
when is next
. city council meetings are every 1, 3 5th tuesday of every month. 5:30 pm. you can stream tonight's
and why not?
yet another troll!!
after spending a couple of hours with the htc vive i'm really excited about the future.
felt the same way. also terrified.
on second thought, i've decided that the brandon crawford slide never happened. everything is ok. everything is fine.
how are the flames.
well, it is nice to see that agents of shield is still as boring as ever. i like some consistency in my life.
and the thing is, i like most of the characters on the show (which is why i watch). it is just so poorly written and dull.
sweden is now considered the rape capital of europe, incredible increase, was muslims
sweden has large definition of rape but # of offenses hasn't skyrocketed as claimed
haha, you prove my point
dude, i got blocked by 3 spineless liberals today!! what...
marvel's agents of s.h.i.e.l.d. s4e1 the ghost review. that's a hell of a start!...
i think that one dude referenced him as "ghost rider" when he told daisy about him though.
i love the mobile first approach y'all have. but i can't seem to find a way to customize the email and create a standalone signup
if you have any questions or suggestions for our newsletter platform, feel free to email us!
something about sending witches to the fire feels less "fun" than the usual lifetime imprisonment of the phoenix wr...
it definitely gives the trials more urgency. the end of this trial is the games big mic drop.
until we stop killing people for simply being black, the entire country should take a knee when we play the national anthem.
thanks dave. the point of that movement is to create ripples and conversation. we need more ppl w a platform to take a stand
this just is not right...
be you. be strong. be loved.
it's no coming back meek is dead!
take your foot off his neck
yep, the light went off by itself the next day. crisis averted for now. ^^
haha, yeah same... ran the vehicle health report &amp; it was called out, but then light disappeared after a day or so
protecting the constitution can be uncomfortable and difficult. shows of patriotism are simple.
jingoism even easier.
other people are always around or at least in ear shot
being within ear shot doesn't help. u can't see if it's your car and u can't see if it's an actual emergency
i need this. been getting barraged lately.
have you tried this yet? curious to hear how functional it is
and then i see them relist the apartment next week on craigslist
jesus i said i'd take it wtf is wrong with me you're a goddamn social media guy for a beauty company how am i not cool enough?
that team is fucking stacked
yeah not too much we could have done about that one. this is canada's tournament to lose
are skittles gluten free?
just a like! always a like never a retweet.
indian givers...young, neil
did you fix the lyric?
friend:so masons are like a cross between a club, magic the gathering and a religion? like, is there alcohol??
me: falls about laughing
vocals can def make or break a tune
or lack thereof
such a great opportunity - thanks!
loved meeting you all!
spare the noble dumpster it knows not what it does to the historic landscape
storage containers. tell me what you know about managing parks...
may i never see diana coming at me looking at that i'd run, girl. i wouldn't fuck with you.
i don't like it when my friends get hurt. so of course i'm gonna get my hot sauce out
i've been trying to work up the nerve all day but i can't watch this video out of tulsa.
don't! i never want to see anyone die irl. especially like that. can't unsee
what's heavier?
they are the same weight. is this an attention check for your followers?
tonight i went to dunkin after practice and my total came to $2.33 and my card got declined because im that poor and i just awkwardly sat
at the drivethru window looking st the cashier as he stared back and he was like "if you're a regular you can have it for free" and i was
ok i just saw the video of the unarmed man being shot! what is this fuckery and how many times does it have to happen before we do something
hold a protest in dc, we will all come
damn dude. jc has some really, *really* inexpensive places if you can stand to live in relative obscurity, far away from work
i want to be within a 30 min walk of my studio tho
brad is just like julia roberts in the runaway bride!
thank you! right?
trump is sinclair lewis's babbitt on steroids, devoid of conscience and bereft of soul
trump's resemblance to sen. buzz windrip in it can't happen here is uncanny. "the senator was vulgar, almost illite...
gaga could never.
oh i didn't know you were counting the mexico ingles charts...
hey indiana! what exactly is going on with your spotify? we'll do our best to help you out /bh
on chrome when i search for music on the web player and select an artist, the ui doesn't render, everything is blacked out
obama talks about radical islam as if it's no big deal. yet when he talks about trump you can see the anger and hatred in his heart. scary
that's because trump calls him out, for all of america to hear,about what an abject failure he has been as president!
by the time we went into savasana to transition into our floor poses i found myself laying there in tears.
i thought if how nice it would have been to take the class with my own mother and how that's never going to be a possibility.
cause you can't draw and i can? lol like a ghost writer but for drawing? nvm haha
ive never heard the term ghost writer but ok its good
note to self: there are so many shows i wanna start watching, included but not limited to veep transparent the people vs oj simpson
there's also winter
. and i just broke the brangelina news to and it was amazing
i'm so behind i didn't know the news and missed the twitter hazing. what will happen next?
its not nike tech so its not valid anyway
lol it kept me warm so it's always valid, can't wear nike tech to work
wow my sister is going to philly without me wtf
come with me!!! it's my dad and i
so excited for my friends for securing their b1 series. they are helping solve the traffic paralysis in mx
will succeed in the third transportation revolution?
insinuating that trump supporters are nazis &amp; members of the kkk then you're the fear mongerer &amp; a liar.
again i said certain "fringes" and that's just the truth whether you accept it or not
very nice congrats
thank you sir!
if you're going to throw the bat, buster, at least throw it towards mary hart...
must i see her face every la game :(
yes!!! so happy you enjoyed it? how many times did you watch it??
watched it a few times. i dig the premise but i worry that the last half will only be explosions and narrow escapes.
i don't think you want me to go off about
let her rip
decided to make it an official contest!
already following all of those cuz i love you!!!!
the fact that agreed to be my boyfriend for fall and made a pinterest board of cute fall things to do &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
literally so excited
i want to be within a 30 min walk of my studio tho
literally running out of options though
brian williams' one-on-one with gop vice presidential candidate softball questions from a list w/o follow-up sad
softball questions with no follow up very disappointing interview
those very people need a damn life so they just living through you!
i'm not that fascinating..lol
wanted to draw 's werewolf. they actually have a little kickstarter going to get plushies of this guy....
thanks man!
also how long does john torterella get to live off his cup win in tampa..repeated opportunities..repeated failures.
true that!! he's a total loser!! an embarrassment to hockey.
you getting money? shit funny cause that ain't you
on the block like you hungry, but that ain't you
stem majors are getting good jobs. humanities majors, not so much.
yeah, but tbh humanities majors are *way* more fun to work with.
not if they are of age
how many troye stand are of age
i was highkey just like "hey wanna go to denny's w me?"
denny's is my happy place
god, i love our team
with a passion
i get so pissed off when ppl denigrate . it's like they're messing with my mom and that shit don't play.
what the he** is this! she is a criminal, a disgrace how sad you must be
literally running out of options though
i have 10 days left until i have to move out and i have none of my stuff packed or anything
have you watched the last episode? when lydia complete abandons pettifleur 2 the women's attacks and p was defending lydia.
no i have not watched it yet. i have it recorded. i heard something about it though.
y r there 12 roses.......
there is only 1 sadly
so much. versatility, insertion of pics, ease of use. so very very much.
:) versatility?
coloring book my man. feat. rmtw and da kohen from lublin
i like when established artist take up and comers on their albums
hey guys remember when everyone pretended to like zack galafanakis
bro. thank you for always being on a point.
at the drivethru window looking st the cashier as he stared back and he was like "if you're a regular you can have it for free" and i was
like "haha ya i'll be back". uh hell no i'm not going back. not only am i a broke college student i'm now an embarrassed broke college kid
i'll be in venezuela reporting for newsday early october
too bad u won't be in colombia on oct 2. that'll be the biggest story south of the rio grande. on vene: bring food.
a network tv show pulled off a damn good ghost rider in 40 minutes than two movies. we've come a long way.
who the hell was the ghost out of the box? (bathrobe lady)
im sorry! i was literally on the treadmill when i saw your tweet.
i'm. not. mad
now we're watching the sunset together
now i know where you are
facts i want a mfing 8 piece, extra crispy with a side of mac and cheese and potato wedges and dont forget the fuck...
i want a jack and coke, a dozen jamaican jerk wings, and some fucking corn bread yahurd
trump tells twc in north carolina re: george hw bush voting for clinton: "well he didn't say that, but i wouldn't b...
and how does he explain all the other gop adults who would rather vote for the opposition than vote for an unfit candidate?
an honor to be selected by china business news to the top-50 business innovators list in .
congrats and well deserved!
lol at her face
what about benefit show for abused and homeless animals.
i thought if how nice it would have been to take the class with my own mother and how that's never going to be a possibility.
it's weird how the loss of a loved one can hit you years later in the most mundane moments if life.
on chrome when i search for music on the web player and select an artist, the ui doesn't render, everything is blacked out
i tried other browsers and they don't have this issue but they do have other flash problems so not a real solution.
with brad pitt and angelina jolie divorcing the last power couple remaining is... mr. salt and mrs. pepper. god bless.
i'm done with you sir.
started reading a poem in 's there are more beautiful things than beyonc. it hit me in my spirit so hard, had to close the book
thank you and i'm sorry!
i can't digest seeds, beans, fiber, corn, mushrooms, alcohol, nuts, chocolate &amp; pretty much everything. lol
i thought i was the only one, feel better
now, that gives me a warm fuzzy feeling.
just in case anybody thought the guys in uniform could be relied upon to defend democracy or be apolitical, or something.
aww! i like how red looks dressed up too! and that's very flattering! i'll be sure there's more pics for ya!
heck yeaaahhhh sorry for being rando weird
digital journalism's fatal flaw is that it *still* doesn't get tech. it rushes to embrace the unproven while failing to implement essentials
honestly, i think we have a complex. in the early days old men with typewriters told their industry 'the internet will never be a thing'...
although not stated figaro is still a cat...
, deep disney world cut, and i love it.
good point.... i only know of 4 and i am one of them
me too and ari
just landed! heading to washco, eta 11p come!
keynote tomorrow, unfortunately.
everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing themselve.
aye *dabs uncontrollably like one does at school*
that was an imaginary quote
you are the next aaron sorkin
lol at her face
there are plenty that don't get love like urs and mine
this world is passing nothing is ever gone or lost. souls live forever.
i stand corrected. you have a point my brother.
breaking news: chris christie knew about the scheme to close george washington bridge lanes, prosecutors said
can someone dig into the $25million tax break he gave trump &amp;that pay for play? stop letting this fall through the cracks
did you show him my messages?!
lmao of course, he needed the whole experience
damn dude. jc has some really, *really* inexpensive places if you can stand to live in relative obscurity, far away from work
hell, i'd even appreciate it if they told me why i'm not getting the room.
the offensively handsome wholefoods dude shaved &amp; lost his looks. went from brad in legends of the fall to old man brad in benjamin button.
who the hell is the offensively handsome wholefoods dude? i googled it and some farty lookin guy popped up
love it. the orange one is fire too.
i had that one yesterday! i'm hooked now and i don't drink soda either
yep, the light went off by itself the next day. crisis averted for now. ^^
dog help you if you have pushbutton ignition &amp; proximity sensor key fobs break: about $300 each, &amp; both wore out at once! x.x
yes, mine as well. noir in color.
made me see red when titanic won so many oscars that might have gone to la confidential.
my mom telling me to wear my brugal dress from my promo model days to bbdr
i mean...you should either land in it or leave in it.
so williamburg is the nice part of brooklyn?
yeah nice and expensive.
i just published "future blog topics"
feel free to add your own suggestions for topics in the comments , or vote for any of the topics i listed if you have any favorites.
cnn just doesn't care anymore! falsely added the word 'racial' to trump's quote about...
cnn is trash, on 1/20/17 when we kick obama's ass out, kick out the media with him
shannon bitch??? how unusual. not
really, her famous line she was saying. "bring it on". it is going to be on after the commercial she is never happy.
insinuating that trump supporters are nazis &amp; members of the kkk then you're the fear mongerer &amp; a liar.
my mistake. so correction. not "insinuating" i am asserting that some very racists people are supporting trump.
&gt;exploring goodneighbor &gt;find the vault-tec rep &gt;"why does he sound like colonel campbell" &gt;look it up &gt;it's actually campbell's voice actor
oh shit lol i had no idea!
please, &amp; &amp; i ask you a moment of silence bc we won't be seeing on this tour. crying corner
outside of the fence. we are together, we watch the tour on youtube together!
"my dick like the mississippi river, my dick as your bitch what's for dinner"
lmfao i can't wait for friday we're blasting that song all night
is 4 episodes deep in its untested first season and has already been renewed. that's fucking wonderful.
(from what i recall had 10 ep ordered with no pilot)
haitians are angry hillary, bill and clinton foundation cheated them.....
key words just bc 4 years steeling &amp; lying-damage is done-too late mind is scared all fake now even
wrong. steel is heavier than feathers
ah, you are trolling! carry on then :)
i just wanna know what she did????!?!?
she was gold diggin lmao he bought her hella expensive shit and she cheated on him
i turned it off after three minutes. i was more disturbed by mandy moore's oddly small baby bump for someone having triplets.
it was a great curve ball i didn't see coming....
blm activist have shut down a highway in protest of the killing. when will the rioting and looting start?
u r black &amp; voting 4 trump??? i think u and are the only 2.
yeahhhh bro i dropped an ep of my beats today check me out! i'm gonna check yours out
send me a link in the dm and i ll do the same
that is awesome!
whoaaa are you going to dress as a forsworn or something?
feel free to add your own suggestions for topics in the comments , or vote for any of the topics i listed if you have any favorites.
or reply here if you prefer. i'm going to probably tweet ibooks urls to the recommended reading for each of the big topics i listed.
trump campaign "responds" to story by attacking him.
answer your own charges. instead of pulling the diversion tactic.
howd i go out?
a whole bunch of us were in a mini van on the high way, somehow u got on the roof to dance while the car was moving, hit pothole
going to therapist tomorrow. a lot to talk about.
gl. hope u have a good session.
if you want people to use the mobile version of your site, don't hide crucial features. example: github mobile website doesn't have search
github workflow on mobile. opens page --&gt; finds "desktop version" button
hey, i don't think you're weird at all. its something we both enjoy, right? xd
that's very true
, we are very sorry for the delay with your order, it is now in transit and the ups tracking number is 1z1y12910369705321
for some reason your company decided to ship just half my order. thanks loads! the rest of it had best arrive tomorrow!
hrc has received millions from google, using a spinoff to run her campaign. her tech team consists of google lobbyists.
you are complaining about google. who freaking cares?? it's politics, trivial. do you have the first idea what trump has done??
how many more cops have to be "caught" on video of over using their "power" before change happens??
i don't know. the situation seems intractable... imagine if that hate merchant con man gets elected president...
about nixon or my sister? love nixon for his face. my sis's bday is jan9,too.
did you see this documentary? the clintons are political mafia. they had millions murdered.
trump spokeswoman: bush's decision to vote for clinton is a 'slap in the face'
it was katrina pierson, enough said.
you got tickets that close?!!!
i did, but i paid alot for it. but it's worth it, because it's adele... the one and only ... lol
pinkie dislocation not the worst possible injury. can be playable per pain tolerance. fortunate it was glove hand.
crawford ought to talk to nuez about that sliding hand protector.
our new web producer, . give him a warm welcome.
this makes my long day at the office totally worth it haha
.: the african-american community has been extremely loyal to the dems, but the dems have not been loyal to...
they switched parties once, they can do it again!
but i read multiple tweets how this fsu best defense ever and 2016 was the year y'all was looking for revengeeee..
loooooooool oh we still gon beat miami. we all know that.
this pitch is presumably why the only people's money he can get for his businesses is putin's.
those sentences. could you imagine a founder who talked like that in a pitch? jesus h.
she shares in the sadness of the choice, too
anti unicorn lol
take the dub. you right lol
thank you
gs is 1 point ahead at the game, what org is going to score next?
thanks! not done yet. but with the insanity of vg inter-season moves, i wouldn't discount anything.
here we are again in sf with the amazing
miss you all!
everytime we walked in school the oxygen levels would decrease drastically due to people gasping if our pants werent elastic
omg i'm crying this is so funny we literally didnt even dress up for away games bc we had those travel suits
in that respect dating is actually a little better in my experience
cause they tell you why it won't work out?
sure thing sweet cheeks u should probably learn how 2 clarify yourself if u wanna keep playing on twitter
no baby girl you need to learn how to read with comprehension you're not always a victim
, we are very sorry for the delay with your order, it is now in transit and the ups tracking number is 1z1y12910369705321
if i do not receive the rest of my order quickly, i will have no choice but to file a bbb complaint and demand a refund
don't know what it is. will watch
it's one of those movies i've watched multiple times a year since like 1996. def watch it
mcgregor vs alvarez? i say easy win for mcgoat
they're not fighting
is denying systemic racism???
that man should not be allowed anywhere near the wh. his running mate shoud be kept away from sharp objects.
a walk occasionally is as good as a hit. but that's too long to chant.
but obp is walks plus hits
epic crossover show meets thanks &amp; for jumping in with us
enjoyed it man , good to see all the talking out of stuff. your show is fire btw, enjoy the crew
and the thing is, i like most of the characters on the show (which is why i watch). it is just so poorly written and dull.
just annoyed that i watched that when i could have been watching another episode of farscape.
wish i was creative, id have so much more to offer
you're good just the way you are.
i, personally, love to simultaneously crave both human interaction &amp; extended periods of isolation, it doesn't frustrate me whatsoever, ,,
omfg this has been my entire life lately, been spamming ppl on dm complaining about it
reverting to journolist tactics, matty? 'call them racists' how "journolists" tried to suppress the news....
i get the feeling seems to identify a certain bad race too. the sjw fast-track to media influence.
wearing dress and booties to the premiere!
i just died from cuteness - death by your cuteness
lost so many pens today..
that was hella funny, you could've picked them up
blm activist have shut down a highway in protest of the killing. when will the rioting and looting start?
guess u never bothered to learn about trump history. his dad was arrested at a kkk rally. im sure your grandparents must be proud
i had my first stone crabs tonight guys n gals awesome dense shells tho
yay i had my first in miami on fns
the iphone 7 costs apple more than you think via
dan the issue is overall margin is still 38%-40% for $aapl. the estimate given by $aapl for the 4th q is around 38%. :)
how is that possible unless this person grew up in north korea or something
he was wrong, he just hadn't realized any of the songs were by fleetwood mac
thank the lord i never faced this mess
my bumper sticker reads "i survived pre-nerf france"
twilight breaking dawn part 2 edward cullen collectible blanket ...
you can sleep under edward!
yeah. now that i think about it, not the most necessary thing.
at least it's not at gratuitous as true detective?
my prayers go out to , he just called me from a pay phone. he hasn't jerked off in like 3 months
this had me crying, gianni of all kids
i think this is too good for trump. he also needs to lose his hair
and have his tax record subpoena'd straight after the election.
anyone up for a grand slam? i know, i know. i'll pipe down now.
stop it. rolling bunt is fine
i'm starting to feel like the old mainframe assembly programmers watching cobol take over. i bet it wasn't fun for them.
what are you watching as taking over? js? pfffff that's gonna bite everyone in the ass in a decade or less.
lmfao yo way to give away the game plan for this week
he's talking about ohio state idiot
what a vc tells me how well a company is doing, but doesn't share the arr. well usually i'm pretty skeptical
but engagement is off the charts! arr is so february 2016!
or reply here if you prefer. i'm going to probably tweet ibooks urls to the recommended reading for each of the big topics i listed.
i just added "climate change &amp; environmental policy" as on my topic list, separate from and related as the final topic.
who's cares. it's cool as fuck
wont be able to see how cool it is if you use the damn thing
you won't like lydia anymore after the way she treated pettifleur after defending her. p left table crying in middle of gala
oh no. will have to watch it tomorrow.
damn fareal? i'll take a listen.
it's really savage like. murder music but it just feel right. no heart is my fav to start the day.
i came to sf to change my life: i found a tribe of depressed workaholics living on top of one another via
just fyi, this describes almost no one i know. maybe only under-30 folks?
the trump campaign's response to angrily denies his reporting. it doesn't disprove a word of it.
here is the archive, including his vital reporting on the donald j. trump foundation. read it all.
get themmmm
lol i wish that's my rent
happy birthday to my mentor ,can't thank you enough for all the good things you have brought into m...
why this traitor is still in india,like mullas &amp; pakis.should be thrown out.
may's new team is beastly. gonna be fun watching how they die this season.
that fight between may and the short-haired latina agent is gonna rock so hard.
i, personally, love to simultaneously crave both human interaction &amp; extended periods of isolation, it doesn't frustrate me whatsoever, ,,
it's maddening cuz i got out of a relationship which prevented me from having either of those things+now im
it was fun talking games and shooting the shit with everyone!
yeah i had to bounce , had to set up a printer for my mom.
has your car alarm ever gone off?
don't think so, only by my own accidents (trying to open it when it's locked etc)
she has pledged to regulate isps out of existence. and mine, being small, would be among the first to go.
now there's perspective. you're going to vote for a narcissistic psychopath, utterly unfit for the job, because of isp regs??
wapo 'might' be the most biased news on the planet? it's not journalism it's entertainment!
no that's fox.
how many games
tonight was the first time since game 5 of the world series.
have student debt? planning for college? see how much money hillary's plan would save you:
it's refinancing. hardly anything revolutionary.
having a hard time figuring out how to do life
you got this! also avi is
u hit it on the nose
lol ayeee
yesterday my new boss said i look/sound/remind him of miley. today he called me that all day lol okay
did you end up getting that position you tested for!?
i, personally, love to simultaneously crave both human interaction &amp; extended periods of isolation, it doesn't frustrate me whatsoever, ,,
overwhelmed trying to find any kind of balance uugh
i love enough at this point that even if he burns the country down i might not complain...
it would smell like maple bacon, and that's still pretty awesome.
what a shame
you had like 6 people go to your wake in my dream lmao
next time you're down this way, i'll have to let ya see me like this in person! i'll serve you coffee and snacks! xd
oh goodness i'd die of blushing. that sounds like the best idea ever
. what a pleasure running into to you at event your smile is contagious!!
great seeing you!!
they have a .667 win percentage when i'm in attendance...or .66666666666666666666666666666666.....so i'm basically...
well in this case the devil is good.
this is maybe the dumbest shit i've seen this week
boi you better respect boy meets world
californication ending ruined my obsession with objectifying david.
sucks because david and i are like bffs
baby write me to laylasin.com i will write you the address
deareth layla, goddess of all sin. i worship you and the lottery, but when will i ever win? ';),
haitians are angry hillary, bill and clinton foundation cheated them.....
we're capable of helping recover &amp; help itself completely overcome the bc &amp; can even jail corrupts
how do you feel about animal rights in the u.s.
u might want to look at a website called the accomplish a lot of good for animals and civil rights
nah, brotha. lift yourself up and then lift up everyone around you
exactly. once i realized that, there was no turning back!
i wish i only had 400 a month lol but damn i just wanna know who wants to go!
same rnic. when u going?
at least they have the decency to lie to you
man i've just felt like garbage for the past 2 weeks cause of all this lol
received the phone. haven't done much other than backup old and restore on new. first reaction: 7+ is 'huge'
yup, not a small device. we're you coming from a 4.7 or 5.5 plus?
if it's like that then don't get mad when i do it
nobody should get mad but of course they will
it's coming along nicely and looking great # newmodernfacility
thank you for the compliment! we strive to make sure our patients get the best care in our new state of the art medical centr
thanks for the advice. fruit bars, pot noodles and toilet paper already in the suitcase !
sad. colombians say they are a poor country. and that venezuela is the richest poor country in the americas. probably true.
prob about her mil again. i wonder what his side of the family is saying about this whole thing.
i am sure there is plenty to say. shannon is a vile bitch.
bro i call atleast 3-4 ppl on ft by mistake a day... shit gets mad annoying
make that 5... just today
buying my gf a b-day present
the fuck you are
i hate this
the most facile take, the world's most lukewarm topic: a thinkpiece by andrew sullivan
glad we gotta play the game.. i'm gonna be drunk as shit yelling in my seat no matter what.
lol no doubt i might go peej if we lose to y'all.
some nice sunset shots coming in. here's the view from our tahoe skycam. show me your sunset view!
let me upload mine from the rail yards that i took tonight.
indeed it was. the cop was black but that doesn't matter. the guy had a book, not a gun
are you fucking kidding me, this shit is getting out of hand
he plan is only 35 years behind the times. but better late than never.
most companies already offer 12 weeks paid maternity leave.
i hate to say, but i still like calling them 'fvar fonts'.
how do you say 'fvar', i guess we could pronounce it like 'fever'?
i'll scream if we don't score rn
i'd scream but we're in the library
what did they say that averaged out to? 17- somehow that just doesn't seem all that terrible. it sounds like a good safe full...
i wish i had 17. only 3 at the moment.
tfw you log on to twitter and people are saying nice things about a director, and you immediately know it means they died.
rip curtis hanson, director of one of my very favorite movies, l.a. confidential.
what are you doing
watching this boring game for now! sfg
why haven't we seen this? i demand an inquest into this injustice
it was on last time i looked
hey blue! dont look at me! that was not a strike!!
wasn't a strike but too close to take.
alexis and i always just casually have two different conversations going on through snapchat and twitter
for reference
why would he lie tho.. there was obviously a reason to do that and he took his phone back from her like she took it...
he stated that himself, or did you get that information from twitter.
yes, i do. he's a scoundrel. but so is she. our country can survive either, but we would not survive her.
no. he's worse than a "scoundrel". that sounds cute. he's dangerous. poison. and she is neither. she's arrogant but honest.
trump jr.'s skittles tweet: false, dehumanizing, plagiarized, and rooted in anti-semitism
the apple does not fall far from the tree. all bigots.
thank you for reaching out to us, lisa. have you attempted resetting the modem to see if your connec...
i have. is service restored to my area?
donald trump: 'i'll overturn the shocking gay marriage decision - trust me' this. then vote your conscience
stop trump!
thanks for joining us! what did you think about tonight's ?
freaking flipping awesome!!!!!!!! can't wait for round 2!!!!
that's true but last season it was funny. i didn't laugh much this episode
denise was my girl last season
everyone else here is agreeing with me &amp; don't patronize me. i eat jackasses like you for breakfast.
i don't give a shit what other people agree on. you do you baby girl. vote for you xenophobic cunt of a candidate
when you're listenin to a cd you made w/ your band in high school &amp; the lyrics still apply to you. should i take advice from teenage me? o,o
release the tracks and let the internet decide! (said no one ever)
still the same thing they said for years shannon a crazy fucking bitch.
and they are right.
. : the trick w 21st century conservation is that "we have to restore ecosystems into the future."
oh hey i'm here too
i havent heard it is that bad
um yes. listen to all of anti!!!!
i am down for a cotf gathering
i just wanna know if there's gonna be food at this gathering
ooh, so you're saying important people with more power aren't questioning him like you believe they should?
no. i'm saying that they are catering to the less popular opinion to not offend a fraction of the population
bring the babe to coffup?
seriously. think you'll bring hudson?
ha! thanks hoala...great time chatting today-
yep same here keep in touch. aloha
lmao!! it was worth it!!!!!!
its all i reference now. also- did mariah make up oop?
how ironic the vegetarian chickens had to be slaughtered 4 non-vegetarian people.
even sadder that the chickens were forced into a life of unnatural chicken vegetarianism to feed non vegetarians
woah my brother is opening up for 2 chains lol
ok sooo where are my tix at tho? hook it up
ideal weidman v romero cruz v garbrandt woodley v wonderboy khabib v alvarez dc v rumble
how do you not have conor on that list? the fk?
- why should the taxpayer subsidize bastardy?
family leave is now paid by the employer 12 weeks. married or not. no difference.
asked by brian williams to name inaccuracies in 's reporting on trump foundation, mike pence is unable to do so.
he should have done what the trump campaign did, lash out at the media and hillary...
fremont city council passes mission peak neighborhood parking permit fee program, five ayes, zero nays.
council member motions, and member lily mei seconds, while adding a request for a progress rpt within one year.
this is a valid representation of our spirit animal
honestly i can relate so hard
time to start season two of . it was a long journey to get here but i finally caved into the hype
i still need to start season 1 ugh
fortune cookie seems to disagree with my creepyweird "pick three characters" choices.
but it does describe your appearances on
you two have a thing for confetti
who doesn't? ;)
the only good thing about brangelina is it took most of trump/hilary off my tl for a day.
are trump and hillary getting married?!!!
aww! i'd enjoy it too. i like doing service stuff when i'm dressed up!
that's really cool!! wish more folks were bold/secure enough to do this! you're awesome :d
i ordered sauce on the side at a chinese place and the motherfucker was scalding hot... spilled it on my hand.
hope it heals quickly and the burn wasn't too deep. a burn heals faster than a broken metacarpal.
it darkens you just have to flip the shade up and down manually, it's a really good mask lol
i wouldnt know you just said it doesnt darken so i was thinkin it would make you blind
"you cannot call your mother a fucker!"
preach it girl!
lol ill listen to that first.
savage mode is the album you gotta get into. it's lit
jealous you had a concert experience without encountering annoying people. what are you, some kind of a wizard?
i'm shocked, quite honestly.
i hate this
the most facile take on the world's most lukewarm topic: a thinkpiece by andrew sullivan
rip curtis hanson, director of one of my very favorite movies, l.a. confidential.
l.a. confidential is the only movie i've bought 4 times: on vhs, dvd, special edition dvd, and blu-ray.
only if it's worth it.
idek right now
best feeling ever you took away my parking lot but i'll still find a way to watch them land
you into video games and your into plane spotting. that is very cool.
don't worry put a pretty face as its force that means its all good plus ivanka said so
she can fling the bs just as well as he can.
her corruption will sure lead to more bad things -- not just destruction of isps and the internet.
hrc is not corrupt. 30 yrs of scrutiny &amp; zero findings of wrongdoing. she's arrogant &amp; entitled, but caring &amp; has integrity.
. campaign just put out a statement. icymi, here were the q's i sent them for my trump fdn story.
did trump donate the $158k to greenberg, or to a charity selected by greenberg?
....work burger??? i'm sorry i must be late
no you're not late!! i listen to so i'm up to date with some next level bronx slang
there he goes again... brings back from a bygone era :)
well...we were opening a new playground with a sports field that functions as a water-capture sponge, bob!
you can see it in the video.
that doesnt prove anything lol,all the video proves is he put his hands on her, not why
3pm tomorrow. summer temps, but autumn dewpoints. at least less humidity is a step in the right direction....
dewpoint usually the easiest way to identify fronts.
where do you see slavery in america?
the racism part not slavery now..
there will never be a decade with better music than the 80s. fact.
clearly you haven't heard toxic, recorded by american singer britney spears for her fourth studio album in the zone (2003)
everyone else here is agreeing with me &amp; don't patronize me. i eat jackasses like you for breakfast.
enjoy your party of deplorables agreeing with you
the history of corn flakes is pretty weird actually
see graham crackers for a similar tale.
they must have seen your tweet
.1% chance. less than
here we go again. "he didn't have a gun" "you killed him for being black"....etc. a black officer shot him.
still a cop!
very sad that most tweets mourning curtis hanson leave out his best movie (and one of my personal favorites...ever), in her shoes.
saw this opening weekend because i had *loved* the book and was 14 years old, a gem!! cc
it's weird that they're playing berlin the day after tomorrow. of all places...
very wanted band
if someone invites u over to their house to have a popcorn and movie date&amp;u walk in&amp;they have black granite countertops what do u do
lay the pipe on the countertops and leave
"i'm tellin' ya, it says it right here: 'big mulder/shaggy sex scene'. so you need to shave!"
corey wins hands down, give him the prize!
i thought you was in a serious relationship lol
me and my guy have understandings but we both not a serious relationship tho
does anyone still use solaris os this day in age???
yes, university's. usually solaris 9/10
u want em now justifiable
where i'm gunna live when i can't pay my rent?
nothing will ever be able to replace my precious pocahontas overalls
that's how i feel about my tees and sweatshirts (and bathing suit which i cannot find a pic of)
101: is the key to
love it! can't wait for your prezi at !
idk who famous dex is.
too many of them to keep up
not trying to throw shade.. but is ever coming back... it was 1 loss...
maybe for 207.
in your 20s? good time to develop new habits and set goals.
true that...
l.a. confidential is the only movie i've bought 4 times: on vhs, dvd, special edition dvd, and blu-ray.
it came out at just the right time for me, and i won't deny my nostalgia. but i think it holds up really well.
i've had friends refuse to play new games w/me bc takes me longer to learn new rules.
being competitive must put the pressure on to get them right. i just roll with confusion
i just added "climate change &amp; environmental policy" as on my topic list, separate from and related as the final topic.
on an unrelated note, i was complaining about the ios version of the app recently seeming to use a lot of ram. seems better now.
as a kid, i learned the difference between desserts &amp; deserts because desserts is stressed spelled backwards &amp; food makes me less stressed.
i learned "you always want two desserts"
i'm happy you guys got to spend time together, you both work so hard you deserve down time
thank you
come to li for the cotf, stay for the bagels &amp; pizza
you had me at bagels and you won my heart with pizza
the outcome of this game will determine whether or not i buy postseason tickets...
you're serious? you still think they're making the playoffs somehow??
yea i think jimbo would have got in dre's ass for acting like a little bitch on the bench
yeah man i've seen him say way worse that's who he is. he acting right now.
yes, js is a big one. in a decade i'll be retired from computer stuff and will make sawdust and shavings and won't care.
or yoyu could be making a killing migrating shit away from js, like the cobol guys in y2k
in retrospect this is a little basic
cmon really? w/ that cute little accent? (ahem)
she has no storyline--so now she thinks this will get her somewhere--pffffit
both her &amp; david r desperate 4 a storyline. it is just getting pathetic.they r giving her to much air time
listen to her
nahhhh lol but i have few tricks up my sleeve.
what exactly does stand for?some sanghi stuff?
integral humanism.... singularity by pt. deen dyal upadhyayay who preceded as leader of jansangh
's jeremy goldberg says they are laser-focused (on ) and have a very global audience.
thanks for the rt. your looks interesting.
talk to job candidates openly about past employment. notice a pattern of negativity towards past employers? don't expect that to change.
so has a great anecdote along the same lines about asking new people in the ward how their last ward was
no you don't sneeze while asleep
thanks bill nye
i was 100% wrong. i thought y'all was gonna win by 20+.. can't wait to see louisville at clemson.
no i mean bout jackson though.
yo i think if we start a twitter thing about these cansona ass females we'd trend
we prolly could. but that's a lot of work
how do people pretend to be a ray of sunshine?
why are they pretending?
famous dex's music is already trash n now we found out his personality trash too
delete this
mike wallace or edelman
shit joe flacco or jacoby brissett
there are millions on food stamps too. hrm, really makes you think.
wtf are you talking about!? lol
i was 100% wrong. i thought y'all was gonna win by 20+.. can't wait to see louisville at clemson.
i got louisville winning that.
yes, university's. usually solaris 9/10
it only just occurred to me that os still exists :)
when asked what i do i say i often "have drinks" with people
is that a euphemism for book club?
lmaooo yea that was me ahha
i mean i know we couldn't talk but good seeing you! :)
i'm not going either :(
we have a crew now
true ,what you think of game's diss joint though compared to mills &amp;friends ?
i think game's bars are better..but i think meek's music is moe exciting right now (dc4 should have at least 3 or 4 burners)
l.a. confidential is the only movie i've bought 4 times: on vhs, dvd, special edition dvd, and blu-ray.
(i just remembered i also bought the soundtrack on cd. which was all old jazz standards. i was obsessed with this movie.)
one thing i am proud of is that there's a lot more support for the concept of democratic socialism today than there was before the campaign.
socialism will be the death of the world. venezuela!!!
3pm tomorrow. summer temps, but autumn dewpoints. at least less humidity is a step in the right direction....
dewpoint usually the easiest way to identify fronts. projected dewpoints between 6am and 3pm tomorrow:
i gotta see who agreed with this shit rt : y'all take relationships so serious. we young as hell
lol you old as hell tho you should take it serious. the 18-28 range still need to see what life is about
we prolly could. but that's a lot of work
then would have to deal with feminist twitter ...
this is misleading flyer i've received from big soda about how the soda tax will harm poc.
i'm very against the soda tax but that propaganda is so outrageous and patronizing it makes me almost want to vote for it
why? 1 run lead? doubt it...hope not, at least. just win the game.
you could say the same thing about this inning probably wasn't intentional but you never know. same thing can happen next inning.
it came out at just the right time for me, and i won't deny my nostalgia. but i think it holds up really well.
and i'm going to go watch it again now.
well, in a year will it matter? if the answer is yes, put your pride down. no? then keep it pushing
i can't even answer that question...maybe i'll just sleep on it later tonight
take a look at the box score. been saying a long time hits and blocked shots are overrated. goals are slightly more important.
you should email jimj.org and tell him that
you can't just pinpoint caste system as the main flaw. there are a lot of things we shouldn't do or believe but we do anyways.
it's not a "flaw" it's the entire reason our religion was made. u can't call urself a sikh if u believe in the caste system lol
probably should let or host next candidate forum and keep lauer on the coffee talk circuit.
hope you caught b-will with pence just now.
has no problem exploiting this for all its worth. took a note outta tamra playbook use and abuse whoever 4 $
maybe davids business would not have suffered if he focused less on be a television star. creepy crawler
underground music has always captured me
send app link
i want a new yellow ferrari from the 90's in the driveway
my thighs could feed a small cannibal country
sorry to inform you but your friends have just voted we are all leaving you
god damit i knew it was too good to be true
have you heard camper van beethoven's cover of tusk (the whole album)? i love those guys.
yes and yes!
yeah it's very much making me frustrated. can't get the balance right. can't be there for myself or others.
right??? it's so fucking hard
i'm not sure. they could be waiting to make a bigger announcement of it? we'll have to wait and see!
hmm. i thought that said was confirmed as narrator. how strange.
destroyed the ghost station, so i'm ready to head for the final battle.
it's still a half-assed hd remaster, but at least it plays nicely.
jesus, forgive me for laughing so hard. the old man's screams. i'm ashamed of how much laughter this has brought. s...
lol white people
takes money from the gullible who can least afford it.
former texas official says he was told to drop trump university probe
found it! hope it is big enough to see
thx! i wonder if this means irrigated or rain?
they believe there is no judgment for them, such wicked, arrogant souls!
they are above the law because they have immunity. le doesn't care they are part of the problem.
then would have to deal with feminist twitter ...
they can't even talk shut about guys tho since they think we always hoeing around and never love anybody
what's cristian music
idk andrew it was a typo buddy
how does one learn to toot her own horn a bit more? and no, this isn't a euphemism.
asking for a fren.
all i wanted was noodle bar. we drive to noodle bar, it's closed. this happens every tuesday
once i crutched from the tavern to a taco truck, and the taco truck wasn't even there
mike won't let me touch the phones.
ask about the underage studio 54 of essex county nj.
ok well when an alarm goes off and it's close proximity to your car you go and check if it's your car
are u saying every time u hear a car alarm (and your car is near) u go check on your car? didn't know ppl did this
yeah it's very much making me frustrated. can't get the balance right. can't be there for myself or others.
i finally carved out a night alone tonight after literally a week, thank fuck
did snopes tell you that?..they like pushing kkk propaganda
nope dipshit. do u know how to read?
i am too happy i'll be seeing drake sunday and then banda ms in october
where is the banda ms concert at?
i'll deliver. fastest in the state.
set it up boys, the people would pay handsomely i'm sure.
sf and oakland pd's are being blamed for human trafficking, racism, etc. i doubt you've done anything.
i know-we are experiencing ethnic cleansing &amp; the usa doesn't even understand that.i'm not the one ur angry @ but i'll take it
i don't like either. but i surely won't vote for one who is so corrupt that she would destroy me to enrich a corporate donor.
how is hillary clinton going to "destroy you"??
it's a celebration here with we made it a month with
into ? know is there
omfg i'm never going to safeway again the weirdest shit always happens
this asian lady told me to go back to my country bc at asia i could be a prostitute, i almost swung at that bitch how is she wtf
why you wanna see me for
you swear that's you
i wanna go back on a cruise in the worst way
literally like once a month if that was possible
. slime really weird
where u but it
are u saying every time u hear a car alarm (and your car is near) u go check on your car? didn't know ppl did this
i'm usually like,,, wow whoever's car that is can you shut it
what's your preferred way of figuring out the root cause for an incident?
support ticket is also an option
"it can't be over! it can't be! i'm really sad, i loved that book."- my 6 year old
there's another one! the sequel is out! it's not totally over! :) (ps this is the cutest pic)
her hips and legs too.
alycia's hips. alycia's legs.
they can't even talk shut about guys tho since they think we always hoeing around and never love anybody
it's always the hoes that be talking about niggas being fuck boys breaking hearts the most too
bush 41 reportedly will vote for hillary clinton in november
who really cares who that sob is going to vote for
lol pretty much having ya cake and eating too..
backing up what im saying. we young as hell, what's all this serious shit about? 9 times outta 10 it fails. patience. &gt;&gt;&gt;
hurt after diaz rematch,heard out til feb on medical suspension. only matchup he should have is aldo in early 2017
he's going to beat aldo again. alvarez fight more dangerous. i didn't hear he was suspended
watch lin-manuel miranda's musical based on donald trump's tweets
i love but did this first!
shut up, moron. i'm black and pro trump.
pipe down u dumb cunt
if donny jingles doesn't collapse after monday i'm writing off this nation as full of idiots.
you and i will be frustrated if he wins. we won't be the ones his gestapo are locking up or deporting.
it's always the hoes that be talking about niggas being fuck boys breaking hearts the most too
lmao when in reality they stupid as fuck believing every word that be coming out a mans mouth
are you driving down some long-lost highway in oklahoma right now?
yes i am, and it's 1952...
omg
i know so cute!
look what's going on in small-cap biotech... $vtae and $tbra bought out for sweet premiums. a name like $ontx soo oversold is attractive
are you buying $ontx? thanks. stuck with 24k shares at 3.40
yeah you should of
truly sorry
uday and qusay
was eric raised by wolves? he has a primal, feral look.
i don't believe you'll never call me.
gonna call you all night while yr at work and leave dozens of obnoxious voice mails don't @ me
why on earth do 9.5 million people need almost 150 million guns?
what does it matter to you? last i checked, this was a free country.
manaea is through 5 scoreless innings, 3 hits allowed. just struck out side in the 5th ... 0-0 game
go a's break up no hitter. let's get some of those hits from road trip. no hitter not allowed ..
you can't call yourself a sikh if you drink alcohol either no?
that's a value, you're not supposed to but you're still a believer of the faith even if you do. not the same w the caste system
when says "i don't really associate myself with the come up" he actually means "everyone on oss thinks i'm a douchebag"
oss is aboutta body augie now i cant sleep gotta see adam wash him
they believe there is no judgment for them, such wicked, arrogant souls!
i can tell u they r miserable men putting on a great act. all addicted to power, yet they stalk us thing @ that
this morning there was a bidding war on my cow skull now someone is tryna drive down from ct &amp; pay hundreds of dollars for a taxidermy boar.
the boar was always gonna sell for $$$
no on ur shirt
why are there 4 gospels? hmm idk mark google it.
when puts out a release about your friend's latest gig, you can't help but be proud. crush it, !
thank you, friend! can't wait to share our journey!
coward letting another day slip by without sharing his with voters. think of the sleaze hi...
never apologized to victims. he'll get to do that on witness stand late nov.
get lost in the sauce
get lost in the sauce man
it's always the hoes that be talking about niggas being fuck boys breaking hearts the most too
but when a loyal ass nigga come thru that's when they wanna play with a niggas feelings. turning us into fuckboys in the end
put this sticker over her face on the tv...
lmao!! mary hart really married for $$, didn't she?! her hubby looks ancient!
i think theybgrab location data from facebook
bingo. found the problem. i was always confused why the addressed always showed up right, but wrong on the map.
basic is a state of mind baby girl. rt : i'm basic if i go into barneys for nikes? they got some
you right
russia bombed aid convoy in major threat to syria cease-fire, us claims
do we really trust our gov't anymore?
is he dressed appropriately for work ? ... i mean .,what do yall think ? .........
lmfao wow ok i actually hate u
im referring to the storybook negative reframing of the narrative. "threatening" "fear" "bad dude" "drug addict"
they were saying those things as they were killing him...
dark money by jane mayer is the book to read if you want to understand the money behind the us right-wing ideology.
dark money is specifically about what i would call the koch brothers / ted cruz / wing of the gop that hates the environment.
barons and yaks trade goals in the second period. 4-1 yaks heading to the third.
tell the trainer pumpin pistol pete to grab some skates and get out there
the president signed a bill making crime against police a hate crime. now we need a bill for police crime against citizens
fyi: president obama never signed the "blue lives matter" law.the governor of louisiana did.
should be locked up in a basement for ever....
jeff rooda is a racist asshole. how dare he. shame on all of us
&amp; that other guy is hella you!!!
all this up in here hurt
we basically used to see him before alfredo cut his hair smh lmao
right!! he needa make a strong comeback
rare huge waves smash seaside road in 's yantai as the coastal city braces for great tide brought by typhoon...
-a preview of the future effects of global warming on the coastlines.
remembered what i needed in manhattan! that eros book!
only copy is in the bronx. amazon will just have to come through.
well it is my belief that they are not about divine law.
they abhor christians, super special sperm as they see it or saw it.
how is the city by the bay?
it's good, thanks! how is it where you are?
feeling so much better 2day! dodgers beat that team! and it's taco tuesday! *ckthehaterz
that's a gorgeous pic..damn you are so beautiful.. looking fabulous
go to homecoming!! highkey regret not going :(
i want to go really bad but idk
my dad's burial is tomorrow and my mom's got jokes. don't worry, she fixed her autocorrect.
jess - i'm sorry for your loss, for your family. that's all, nothing smart to say. love.
well at least torts is great in a press conference
the only thing tortorella is good at is being an idiot. horrible human being! embarrasing !
if you don't have a father, brother, husband, son or loved one serving in the indian army, shut up on war mongering from your cozy ac homes.
war cries are by those who have no soldiers in their own circle and for whom lost soldiers are just a statistical #
yeah he did. still have questions bout protests tho. what happened when the astros protested that terrible call n cleveland?
they didn't protest. it was a call they weren't allowed to protest.
that means you went to the wrong one
i've been to more than one, friend.
it only took us 8 minute to decide we are disowning you
crap!! it's not the first time
if you who consider yourself a semi-policy/process wonk, the is now discussing general plan prioritization requests.
this is the 1st set of prioritization requests to come through this screening process. planning comm, now to council
outside of joystick and buttons. i would suggest either te2+ or tes+ because of touchpad functionality and they're newer
te2 just obsolete at this point? sounds like people are really split between te2+ and tes+.. ima have to test these two out
a little bit ... you learn as you go
exactly, no need to be serious with everybody lol
time for sick hillary, who had to cancel event today after another "episode," to release her full medical records....
it's pretty obvious hillary is sick both physically and mentally end of story
hillary must break decisively w &amp; obama on this to have any chance. surely bill knows this.
less than half favor open door policy.
remember how cute bradley whitford was on the west wing
thoughts on danny tripp?
nicole: there have been six bb winners that were female. it's about time there is another one. paul: it's about to still be six.
bwhahaha and fyi there's only 5
the trump campaign's response to angrily denies his reporting. it doesn't disprove a word of it.
if 's reporting is "peppered with inaccuracies," , could you be more specific? what did he get wrong, precisely?
that voice is incredible. try this one-
known her since she was a little girl. she's a sweetheart.
romping in denver. looks like need to win to stay in playoff position.
sadly it's necessary to score runs to win. also necessary to close games to win. otherwise they have a shot.
is this a biking thing?
no, it's a self-confidence, self-validation thing.
:). not me. good luck!
not gonna lie, this definitely sounded like something that could happen to you.
and this is the man you fools want to elwct? just no report: trump used thousands from charity to settle lawsuits
wow is that real?
. wore a gown while attending the 's 2016 fall gala tonight in .
oh dear if ever there were 2 design concepts in a bodice &amp; skirt that never came together this
home runs in bp? piece of cake for :
call him up
go for it. i can't check them anyway.
like, ever?
i will be attending the x xiii unveiling event on oct 28th!
can't wait to see ur vid on this
has no problem exploiting this for all its worth. took a note outta tamra playbook use and abuse whoever 4 $
she was just talking crap about kelly, vicki and her mother in law. the usual.
but when a loyal ass nigga come thru that's when they wanna play with a niggas feelings. turning us into fuckboys in the end
and when they turn a nice into a fuck boy, they wanna say we've been a fuck boy since the start and we're shady
i heard that a week or 2 after the rematch. who knows. rather see khabib get a shot at alvarez and conor w aldo
fair enough. all interesting. but 205 will sell 1/3 of wat it could have with conor on card
right he know he got the middle of the got damn field
gotta play more cover 2 or let joseph go up there
what happened with your poll boy ? deleted by i told you do not mess with pakistan
this will remain your dream for ever because pakistan is hard nut to crack. instead india will be in
well done, tike!!!
thanks, adrienne!
with banks retrenching &amp; facing tighter regulation, la developers look to debt funds &amp; foreign investment
apartments, office, &amp; industrial easier to get construction loans for. condos &amp; hotels, not so much.
any chance you guys will omit usernames from counting towards the 140 character count as well?
they already did
unless they're shelling out bucks for ramos, there's just not a ton out there unfortunately.
yeah, there isn't much at catcher in general, let alone what's available next year. they almost have to hope tda finds himself.
...who puts skittles in a giant bowl?
trust fund racists it would appear.
i don't like either. but i surely won't vote for one who is so corrupt that she would destroy me to enrich a corporate donor.
how is hillary clinton going to "destroy" you?? you've said it repeatedly, but i have no idea what you're referring to.
i liked a video from beat hxstoryy joined beat
we out here bro
cue my whisper "that's what white ppl do" but i didn't say that out loud
"if it makes no sense at all white ppl started it" makes way 2 much sense though
coming 2u on oct. 7th: "wishlist in the bio" @ kinfolk 90 hosted by the coolest thots u kno music by ,, &amp;
lemme dj except there's no lesbian emoji
read blog posts and twitter feeds of mediocre white men?
there are so many!
wow all the invites i didn't receive
you're never down anyway
looking for a sweet new treat? grab a scrumptious oreo churro at california churro &amp; satisfy your cookie craving!
get that baby out so we can go!!!
if im investing time ain't no wasting tit ..we gon be serious or not,ain't no need to play and waste time,but different strokes
you in a relationship ?
and really, in the pettiest of ways. no grift too small to be worth trying.
sure. rip off 9/11 fund for $150k. hock other people's steaks as your own. like a 4th rate mamet play.
we wants to touch, but we mustn'ts to touch
agree - what a precious wee beastie, with most excellent eyes and feet
finally closed this beauty! brand new build in hesperia. ...
congratulations amy!!
that's a genuinely unpopular opinion.
not to mention absurdly wrong. jpod, how much time to you spend listening to people broadcast baseball games?
why doesn't the world allow us to unsee senseless stupidity
the world is a no no
she likes her own pictures
oh my god i didn't even notice. all of them.
anyone know how to delete msm stories about deleting vip emails? i have a very high profile client who needs to cover up a cover up.
yeah, you use cnnbit.
lol where does it say that?
in the guru granth sahib................ lol
hahaha! mine is quite anxious today, he's also been fed.
turns out he wanted his food mounded up. \_()_/
yassss
for the most part i'd prob laugh it not when i'm suicidal :)
you got a lil somethin on your shoulder
just a lil something no biggy
but when a loyal ass nigga come thru that's when they wanna play with a niggas feelings. turning us into fuckboys in the end
and go on twitter rants saying all niggas are the same shit fuck boys\assholes, but end up dating the same type of niggas
my dearest when will you join me on the radio again?
it's a pete dominick vision quest
he is so creepy===don't even know who would have an affair with him unless they thought it was for $$$
could give me enough money for that. vomit.
i have a friend that swears by them.
they're amazing they helped us get our couch last year!
sometimes i read something from libs and feel like i'm in the twilight zone
sometimes i read things from trump supporters and feel i'm at one of their "gatherings"
couldn't get you to finish a drink with me
yo. i dead babysat that drink the entire night
hate that i'm gonna have photoshop w/ newhaus for 3 periods tomorrow
more like 3 and a 1/2
who says nipples?
people with a brain?
yeah, baby!! what an amazing treat to be with you!!! love you, girls!
please rt to tell theaters that they should not sue mass shooting victims
when things are tough, you must be tougher. that's aldubnation!
have a nice day everyone
that voice is incredible. try this one-
ooo. that's smokey how i like it. didn't know that one! yum. the voice.
our new commissioner addressing our officers today!
great speech!!
night class is only fun cause i have and apples
ur the of my
my contract is not guaranteed. espn option for next season.
it should be!!!
i only wish i'd taken the opportunity sooner! lol. thank you kindly dear!
there's always a next time better late than never
but when a loyal ass nigga come thru that's when they wanna play with a niggas feelings. turning us into fuckboys in the end
you know what's wrong with these females they don't know how to evaluate their options
new york is great! booming out of control just like sf!
i was there the other week. it was a lot of fun but hot.
i'm long it, looking to add, but don't love the action so waiting on the adds.
what's your cost? forgot that i had 15k more shares on the other account lol... same cost
teach me how to draw and do makeup and create things on the wheel teach me how to art pls
ms. laina, the art teacher?
lol where does it say that?
the single most important value of sikhism is equality. the purpose of the caste system is inequality. they contradict.
my girl just left to riverside and i feel so lost without her. i'm sure gonna miss her
mas puto!!!!
just to be clear, this is not meant as a positive.
but that copy of uncle adolph's speeches on trump's nightstand says this may still be a proud retweet in the morning.
serious.. live together kids and all .. it ain't perfect but it's us
lol well y'all have hella kids no choice but to be serious lol.
mickey mouse c/o magic kingdom lake buena vista, fla. thanks!
the whole thing was started by a mouse. he runs it all.
new girl season 5 on netflix? sign me up. haters gonna hate.
wait what when did this happen???
oh, i know they do, these are satanist, they are not godly, they hate righteousness....more than life itself!...
right light shows their dark but they don't care they want to see suffer live in the past the holocaust we will pay!
i feel like i'm the only nigga that puts jelly on his bacon egg and cheese
nah u a real nigga for that
i mean can you blame him its 100% grade a beef
with two big italian meatballs attached!
it came on yesterday
was fish on it?
just think, all this trump to hitler nonsense started because some rich privileged white chick at the emmy's told you to feel a certain way.
missed white chick, noticed trump as hitler like when i first thought about where his inspiration came from.
this is the 1st set of prioritization requests to come through this screening process. planning comm, now to council
the tldr version: it's a screening system to see if projects line up with city's gp objectives, and then have them ranked for staff.
it really helps, doesn't it????
mine is a skinny soy latte mocha
is it weird that i see emails from certain people and just think 'time burglar"?
valid thought if someone is wasting time u should filter such emails. i call it - "to be read later" and later is undefined
the police get away with murder.
the police get away with murder.
when your grandparents refer to weed as "dope"
same with my mom
more food probably
he wanted it mounded up. it is a scientifically proven fact that cats cannot eat concave food. convex only food allowed.
when was the last time you got laid. i'd sew my vagina shut before sleeping with you. you look like you have hiv an...
ewwww who the fuck would wanna fuck u with those stupid afro puffs from 1973??? try again bitch
reacting to stuff:)
yay okay cole i'll be there
i feel america's temperature rising. injustice without a fair and compassionate resolution is a recipe for anger and bewilderment.
america has a problem and it's not going away anytime soon. we are not 2nd class citizens nor are we animals to be shot down.
please vote in this poll. which presidential candidate do you think would be stronger on national security?
-i am kind of suspicious that the bars switch places in this poll. is it up and up?
oh, man. he was marc gasol before marc gasol.
slightly worse defensively. but offensively he was far better imo. esp before the knee injuries.
last chance to win a pair of tickets to see the mick fleetwood blues band plus meet &amp; greets! enter here:...
why are there no east coast shows
lol nah the pro player got the potg, and i got to 2945 almost diamond
i haven't played overwatch in forever. too addicted to dead by daylight. and i hate playing solo q.
this is on us for letting torts coach. shame. shame. shame.
way better option for a coach
dresses for inauguration day
she's done with the game
totally using itnow
good to know all our bank accounts will be empty in the am.
and now so am i.
i will find her
first day of student teaching tomorrow...
try not to be mean to the kiddos
likke what console are we talking bout?
every one, gta iii, vice city, vice city stories, san andreas, iv, v and the others
yeah, there isn't much at catcher in general, let alone what's available next year. they almost have to hope tda finds himself.
six catchers have a 100 or higher wrc+. it's an offensively devoid position.
seeing so many innocent black lives taken and being justified after the fact is astounding.
and notice: i said innocent, not saint. some of those innocents are saints, but it doesn't fucking matter. all police see is another target.
obama admin says you're "racist and intolerant" if you believe in religious freedom
obama has transfor.am. into an ungodly nation do not be deceived, god is not mocked; 4 whatev.a man sows that he will also reap
only asuaje?
wait till friday.
when she yelled out "cmon motherfuckers", i couldn't help but to bust out laughing lol
never gotten farther than 10 seconds on the video
thank you again for more great photos!
just amazing photos
congratulations on winning your division, teaminpuddin. keep running, my friends.
congrats to you guys too, hopefully see y'all on a ragnar route again soon!
the clinton foundation has accepted money from foreign governments and corporations in exchange for official favoritism.
no, they have not. that was an accusation. an accusation is not the same as a proven fact. trump has do...
is there a feed to whats going on?
i found this:
guessing dr moon doesn't treat hysterical ?
i don't think he treats anything. look at her she is a mess. she should get her money back
my contract is not guaranteed. espn option for next season.
it should be a for !!!
season 1 dvd out dec 6th! here's hoping it will include an epic gag reel!!
doggie woggie
as president, i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you, the american people!
there is no way i would accept a bigoted, delusional, narcissistically evil person, such as yourself, as president.
ghost rider &amp; moon knight in one video nice
. thx, my homie of the long box
when is our book club meeting btw
you mean "bring a book to margarita night?"
w/bernie out is now the best choice for trolls must stop her
i agree 100%but think she'll leave race 1st.
this is us
wearing some right now
i second that emotion!
that looks delicious &amp; fresh!
why not just a blog?
funnily just came across 's new piece. he talks about what i told you.
right light shows their dark but they don't care they want to see suffer live in the past the holocaust we will pay!
they have their own greater cause it's $$ and political. they mock and laugh at the spirit.
that voice is incredible. try this one-
that's a keeper! love it.
great kids! i know that you are a proud mama!
aww, thanks! my younger kid went through so many challenges to become a professional cook, started from the bottom...i am proud!
can't wait to hear what you think? enjoy!
oh my word! cynthia erivo as celie and heather headley as shug avery were
why am i missing you guys so bad? it's either you visit here or i come there
yes!!! we need to go there soon
. breaks hearts in haute couture:
can she just chuck smack head eastern block sex traffic worker look it's not doing any of the gear in editorials justice
who has white spray paint
everyone go send a heart and some love for hookin it up
and notice: i said innocent, not saint. some of those innocents are saints, but it doesn't fucking matter. all police see is another target.
being a saint is not good enough to guarantee saftey if you're black. but being black is enough of a reason to be killed.
i left my fledgling on the flight home from !
oh no! time to start another one. think of it as your first draft :)
nice win tonight staring with and the relivers and good team efort
hey. that's job. he gives the nightly update.
my life's work, savings, employees, community would be destroyed by clinton's regulation and nationalization of the net.
that's just nuts. nationalization of the net?? hrc will prob win. how much you wanna bet this doesn't happen??
this is so dramatic yaaas
she reads every sign to filth in the most incredible way
reality cmg is that it's 2 expensive. really a burrito and coke for 10 bucks. add guac and 12 bucks. maybe in nyc or sf. but not anywhere
wasn't too expensive prior to health scare issues. growth was good.
this isn't true but it has 42k retweets... you guys are all retarded
federal court records say otherwise
every day i say "i'm going to go to bed at a reasonable time tonight" the at 11pm, i get in the mood to watch a movie. sigh
closest i ever come to reasonable is 1 am
briwi pretty much just nodded at all of pence's lies, as per media standard operating procedure during
is awful. he does not push back at all.
why are you going in november
my dad has work there i guess
that's because you don't say cute things
i say cute things all the time. when am i getting invited back up there?
i heard that if you fuck someone with a tattoo by the same gimmicky instagram tattoo artist, your tattoos automatically disappear hell yeah
shit u got a dolphin tat or what
i/2 re:ac 40 039 4461428 customer loyalty agent mr david refused to renew my internet service at previous promo rate.
1/2 wrote to senior vice president of customer experience, a representative from his office emailed me
yess! the set's actually been complete for a few weeks, i'm faffing about with printing them at the moment (as actual cards)
i want it too, holy cow
so i'm on watch all night, uncle joe says he has his camera on me, nice, real nice.
you get into the dates again or just the usual mayhem?
as promised for hitting my rt goal some free pics! see more and win a date with me by going here --&gt;...
so beautiful
yup cnn was on it earlier. special tupe of
ppl put in money for charity and he used it for himself? that's messed up
netflix exec says it's "absolutely inaccurate" that aussies get "screwed": via
well, he's probably using a vpn
what was that about being a racist?
peter, you are a grown man passing along memes with fake quotes on the internet. i'd reassess your situation in general.
sorry i blocked him so if he responds to this thread i can't see it- but i love and miss you more and more every day
the fact that you blocked kinda makes this funnier but
no, gary sanchez can't do this over full season. yes, he can hit .280 w/ 25 hr &amp; 80-90 rbi. that'd still be all-star starter level.
why limit him.
look, i'm as big of a mcgregor mark as you're going to find but khabib nurmagomedov deserves that 155 title shot. he's earned it.
he hasn't fought any top 10 comp in about two years
big thanks to the team for hosting the sales meetup. super dope office supplies too!
anytime. our office supplies are your office supplies.
that shit truly fire
lmfaoooo it relly is thi
when was the last time you got laid. i'd sew my vagina shut before sleeping with you. you look like you have hiv an...
"living in poverty. you dont have jobs" trump mustve been talking about u
kroll show noted this exact trend:
this is great!
lips, cheekbones, jawline, eyes, hair, little ears......
lip freckle, eyebrows, shoulders, collarbone, kneecaps...
being a saint is not good enough to guarantee saftey if you're black. but being black is enough of a reason to be killed.
and that's an insane way to live if you take time to actually think about it. but most white people just turn a blind eye.
all the kids were like ohhhhh
that's it ?!
"please" and "thank you" are more than just words. they're fundamental in showing appreciation to your fellow human being. be kind.
i agree &amp; teach my boys to use them. it is sad that as a society, we seem to forget this basic showing of respect
buy your socks &amp; wear em out like me! use code hunter10 at checkout for a gift:
what is it about this man that makes him so sexy? it is like liquid gay just drops from his pours.
i need me a mans that knows how to dance
not this rembrandt erasure....
btw he's giving me the stink eye
be still my
i'm sooo hyped to be heading to the bay area this weekend. after this odd ass week, i need to leave town for a few.
omg what are you doing here girl?!
oh hey, it's the internet coward. go troll the mayor or something, dickweed.
there's a mayor? well that's the rumor...but i don't believe it. btw how many beers so far bernie?
most definitely are apart and they do protect the higher ups who are behind this awful program!
well u don't understand they are god' who would doubt them? they control the world now all they need to do is control us.
mhmm! that's so true! the important thing is i'm happy now &lt;3
indeed!! :d
imagine it? i live for it!
so do a lot of people
and the winner is.....
where the fuck is he
they keep *starting* to be no hit... hopefully it won't actually happen tonight
won't happen positive mojo. feel it. break it up bottom of 6.
"wickens"? what the hell are "wickens"?
dickensonian waifs?
how does bein feel y'all got raped on national tv lmao an ya spot got took, they on the rise an fsu falling
lol but we still ahead of them. ok.
"investors are loaded with money. let's take a chunk and build stuff without risk". they even milk saudis in the same way!
btw talentbin was a brilliant idea!:)
nobody is allowed to have fun when i'm around! i'm the non-fun guy!!!
dancers did the same thing when free people did a ballet ad they're literally so pretentious
girls is ending so soon &amp; i need a therapeutic hobby. polite suggestions welcome. also, what is a hobby?
start cracking .
latest tweetbot for sierra is licking cane toads i think.
i saw that and it just fixed itself after restarting
shawty wild
fr that just blew mines like why would she do that smh
we have 2 kids &amp; kids don't mean we have to be together lol tf
lol it don't y'all prob just made a situation work
my uber driver is listening to the power love hour. ain't tryna hear jodeci omw out.
my driver is nicaraguan see, and is listening to "canciones de jesus cristo". i'm listening to trap in my headphones. ay ay ay!
any luck with your tickets?
no. i got really good seats but only when i tried for the vip packages, which i'm not paying for lol
the tendon itself is a little more swollen. if it is more swollen after today, decisions about wrapping will occur in the morning.
you on any kind of analgesic cocktail?
happy birthday to the most perfect person in the entite world may our snap streak continue forever
hahaha you would use that picturethank you tho ! i wish i could be as nice and happy as you are every single day
i wouldn't say he's trying to be in a serious relationship, probably wants ass
doesn't matter though.
thanks for watching the premiere of with us! there's more feels where that came from next tuesday at 10/9...
what a wonderful show! i absolutely loved the twist. congratulations and thank you.
r u sure it's the right size?? b careful i worry!!
it is!!! it's prob just the heat and strain of my job combined. thank you for your concern tho bb!!
thank you noo all the way in seaside but seeing the beach on the daily is worth it! i guesssss.. lol i'm so sour about gas yo
awww well at least you live in salinas and not gonzales anymore! haha yeah i'd be too with that jeep
scares me that my ex works w/ girls all the time. hope he never puts them at risk the way he has me &amp;my boys, by outing me.
that's fucked up. sorry to hear this!
bro i just finished watching fahrenheit 9/11 and i'm thoroughly convinced that george bush did 9/11
if y'all haven't seen it i highly recommend watching it 10/10
i am completely crazy. never forget that.
ill take that as a threat. and report u to twitter.
on tulsa shooting, pence says it's "offensive" when clinton &amp; others "refer to implicit bias or institutional bias" among police.
wow, ok pence
she's amazing
when she opens the library on sarah, just... the shade of it all. krystal is queen.
i literally have to reboot my phone to hang up
say no more, prepare for 75 voice mails
i get to live here, and every so often it's important to remember that i'm lucky to say that.
for some reason i thought you lived a lot further away than that. \_()_/
he wont' be going that far without dropping in to .au ;)
i'm still waiting for you to make up a good excuse to go to au. get to it! :)
def way too wasted for a thurs
tuesday jackie its not thursday
don't know off hand with my account not open, but i was buying above $3 slowly. not a big position for me
heavy manipulation here, i'm out at break even, market doesn't like company reputation i'm guessing
i did extensive research to make sure i never imagined these cookies because apparently no one sells them anymore,...
where are they hiding these bomb ass cookies
lmao forreal ppl od
lol like it's not that serious
the scariest part is that assbag has a cult following that agrees with everything he says.
yeah man. i'd ignore him if he didn't have one of the highest rated cable news shows in the country
panderer to power by frederick sheehan ($22.99 on ibooks) is the story of alan greenspan's disastrous tenure.
i'm moving on to the books i bought on google play that are more difficult for me to link to than searching for the same books on ibooks.
ohh you do?? what school you go to??? and ohh of course. we not close like me and jaz but you still lil the sis! lolol
fairleigh dickinson uni in teaneck. idk if u know where it is lol. but yea i feel it! plus it's nice to talk to someone from home
did you use to trade mix-tapes back in the day? i have a feeling we made a trade or two.
yes. 1-2 decades ago thru snail mail, early online newsgroups and chat boards. did we trade hip-hop or other stuff?
i leg pressed 900 pounds seven times.... life really comes at you fast while you in the gym
moe why are you not chilling
love you stay strong baby boy
thanks jhan. i love you so much and appreciate it all
that's crazy! do you have to claim cash tips or is that only the credit ones?
cc, which are 80% of my tips. no one carries cash.
alibaba +50% from ipo price just over 2 years ago $baba
up almost 100pct from past 12 month lows
i liked a video prince buster tribute (reggae vinyl spotlight )
he really knows his stuff!
apparently, you do not know much about her. her closest advisors advocate nationalization and extreme regulation of the net.
you told me all about that previously. even if it were true, it is trivial compared to other issues. trump &amp; nuclear codes?!?!
ps. get a better pic of us. one that i don't look like an overly domesticated fuck.
haha that pic is from my graduation...we'll get a better one on my bday
is the only writer in comics that makes me think "he/she might be the best writer in comics" every time i start a new series.
even like brian k. vaughan can take some time to get rolling and totally grab me (like with paper girls), but with lemire...
i'm home safe and just spoke with an officer. thank you for all these messages and support. really means a lot to me.
what happened?
if i didn't get you, everything would have meant nothing, lauren! welcome to !
tonight's show gave me chills!
i'm moving on to the books i bought on google play that are more difficult for me to link to than searching for the same books on ibooks.
i'm trying to split my love between amazon and ibooks as far as sending clicks their way. anyway, greenspan was a true ayn rand acolyte.
vc is a horrible way to f people out of money, given alternatives. most vcs i know take their fiduciary seriously.
true, they need to raise more, it's nothing like govt coercion. so a bit of a stretch.
donald trump jr. posts graphic likening syrian refugees to skittles.
2 escaped cons in nys was big. woman helped escape was incarcerated. any 2 of the syrians murderers? lock up govs who let em in
god got their number, the joke will be on them!
we r responsible for the input not the outcome. that's a bitter pill sometime. it's all good death is closer to god
please talk me how a book looks like a gun. lord people we have got to stop. i am tired of seeing this
i never go anywhere without a book. if a book existed that looked like a gun, i'd have found it by now. this is bullshit.
excited to finally get the cookbook from but it came damaged.
ask for a replacement from amazon
better say it everyday for the next two weeks cuz ain't coming. oh yeah and 63-20 pussy!
jerseys are cute though.
what harm was done?
was it illegal?
we made what works for us work ..
i think that's what everybody do lol. some just more serious than others
finally got around to it last friday. it is very very good.
ahhhh fuhgit i may jus go now then
i look forward to never hearing them!
you can release them on an unplayable cassette when i die
the officer who shot him was black
when i say most white people i don't mean officers. i mean citizens who turn a blind eye and remain silent.
appreciate that man! you game?
haven't gamed in a long time, but still appreciate that hustle
obama signed 2protect cops, penned letter of support 2cops &amp; now demands aa's vote 4 hillary 2protect his legacy
this is ridiculous. hillary doesn't care about us!!! we will not be brought to heel. , now carolina.
it's okay because i still love everyone
&amp; we all love you back beautiful
sorry folks, not even the scots themselves can be true scotsmen.
guess i'll just have to keep eating grass seed then.
i'm trying to split my love between amazon and ibooks as far as sending clicks their way. anyway, greenspan was a true ayn rand acolyte.
he allowed the dot-com bubble to blow up in the 1990s, enabling a few people to get wealthy, and bankrupting others who didn't pull out.
the iphone 7 costs apple more than you think via
ben fox $aapl iphone rev gr last yr was 52%($101b-$152b) &amp; 2016 will be close to 10% down for 6s &amp; 2 yr. avg. gr of 20%
scooplet: don king will campaign w/trump in ohio tomorrow. king was barred from gop convention by (who now looks like a huge beta).
he was definitely at the gop convention:
it's going to be a great day
i hope so because this weeks been
should we even be surprised at this point? you are an
look what you created.
today i ran into someone that said trump's racist &amp; famous from wwf!!!
liberals are fun!! blm was founded by obama
23 years ago today, prince recorded . but 33 years ago today, prince recorded .
it sucks that the former song is so hard to find. it's only on an out of print greatest hits collection.
vc is a horrible way to f people out of money, given alternatives. most vcs i know take their fiduciary seriously.
this is true. let's not get it twisted. being a doubletalking db is different than being a vapid, inciting asshole.
i think i used to enjoy reading but it's been six years since i read anything for fun. what are books like now?
this is literally me rn
all things being equal, you can get a larger valuation from a larger venture fund why this is makes zero sense to founders
binary outcomes.
even like brian k. vaughan can take some time to get rolling and totally grab me (like with paper girls), but with lemire...
i can sense his excellence the second i start reading. finally read black hammer , to clarify.
again, i do not deny that trump is a scoundrel. 99% of politicians are. but i will not support clinton.
your priorities seem very skewed to me. i'd urge you to think more "big picture". you're looking thru a pinhole.
thousands of girls are locked up for talking back or staying out late-will congress do anything to stop it?...
this has been going on for decades. it's so sad.
sunshine and drinks... sounds pretty good to me!!
being in sunshine with you would be perfect medicine for us!!!!
guess i'm not getting a job anymore lol
you can work for me
imagine cutting your boobs off just to be somebody you're not and living with those huge ass scars
like why ? you think somebody gonna love you with those scars ? its disgusting . be yourself
when i say most white people i don't mean officers. i mean citizens who turn a blind eye and remain silent.
the officer being black is just a sign that the police system is fucked, not just random individuals within it.
"if you were going to design a house, who would you want to be the lead, the builder or the architect? "
thanks for the retweet. some good conversations have stemmed from this quote and i don't this it's a binary answer. any thoughts?
so mike pence is saying implicit and institutional bias doesn't exist in law enforcement. but we have nothing to lose voting for him?
he said this? and was serious ? smh
the da vinci apartments from the 110.
same developer planning to build on the opposite side, which will put them on 3 of the 4 corners of the 4-level int...
yea... about that.. i seem to have misplaced my calendar of all my important dates... when's your bday?
it already passed
been galloping and bucking in the pasture, jane... back off! *roaring*
you need a shit if this!
that's one of my faves. most people can't believe that that's george clinton....and then, you get kim burrell.
george! funkadelic. sweet stuff indeed.
glad tom cotton isn't afraid to speak out against foreign enemies. india is "our" strongest ally in that...
glad congressman ted poe additionally slammed pakistan. it's about time. don't forget is a the heart 2
he don't got twitter
soo how can you tweet watch him if he don't got twitter ? lmao
this is at ur smegma tweet
ah well glad to see you enjoyed it
1. 7/23/14 gowdy committee confirms deal to get hrc records 2. 7/24/14 hrc tech asks reddit how to strip vip's email address from archives
can you link to a story about this?
. calls outrage over 's skittles tweet "remarkable" | getty
that remark not to cool
only gmail and trello. otherwise fantastical (app), slack (app), discord (app). no fb or twitter open all day. :)
do you use discord for non gaming group chats?
if i'm not the coolest bus driver in pennsylvania idk who is
that shirt tho
bucket list item: hunt dinosaurs with meryl streep.
you too. good luck with that.
he allowed the dot-com bubble to blow up in the 1990s, enabling a few people to get wealthy, and bankrupting others who didn't pull out.
and then he enabled a second bubble with the whole housing bubble / cdo / debt leveraging scandal that obama &amp; bush bailed out in 2008-9.
honestly lol
have to thank god for the good and bad things he bring in our lives
it pains me to know how badly people want to ruin my life. i hope it brings them happiness and helps them sleep better at night.
you're one of the sweetest nicest woman on the planet someone who wants to hurt u must have no life for themselves
i would never refer to them as god, my belief is in one god and it aint them, they are using tech to play god...
that was a figure of speech evil permeates from every pore. i got shingles from being around one. my bodies defense
ted - can you let me know if you're on latest app build?
thanks! it hadn't auto-updated, so i just forced updated to ver 6.62.1. but im still seeing tweets w links after installing
all things being equal, you can get a larger valuation from a larger venture fund why this is makes zero sense to founders
binary outcomes. whatsapp and google and facebook irr's were not valuation sensitive in early rounds.
you need a shit if this!
ooops! not shit! shot! "roaring!!!!!!!"
they're not booing, sports fans. they're saying "nuuuuuuuuunez".
playoffs!? playoffs!? what are you talking about playoffs!! i just hope we can beat the dodgers... channeling my in jim mora sr.
marlow, you are a young man filled with inexperience. read the fine print of what i showed you grasshopper.
your experience has taught you nothing. i'm sorry you've wasted your life up to this point. but maybe you can turn it around.
meek mill just bodied game on that diss tho
game destroyed him. he dropped a 6 minute diss lol
again, her closest advisors all advocate it, and her published policy statements advocate regulation that leads to it.
who cares? big deal! compared to what's happening with terrorism, trumps complete and total incompetence &amp; dishonesty?????
i/2 re:ac 40 039 4461428 customer loyalty agent mr david refused to renew my internet service at previous promo rate.
2/2 rep unable to put me on my existing plan offered expensive than my existing promo plan.fine.other options r there
i'm a soldiers daughter,i've seen closely tht army lives knowing death.my heart breaks for those who hd 2 face it &amp; their bereaved families
why don't you morn those kashmiri children, women and people killed by the coward indian army? they also belong to someone
we are completely doomed ladies, this woman owns our a**es
whipped. me
4real? this is some slimy shit you're peddling bro! u got daughters? i forgot-u work the dems now...
the victim claims he liked her because she looked like his daughter. he's also been quoted as saying...
i've already had one and have another tomorrow
damn good luck bro!
let's take a vote: who is terrified for me to chaperone my 13 yr old niece to a softball tournament all weekend? her playing - me adulting.
not me :) you'll be amazing and fun ;)
being the first is a very lonely yet courageous place to be sometimes
"it's lonely at the top" anyone breaking cycles of anything needs to know they are a warrior &amp; worthy.
a great deep dive on how twitter is going all-in on live events, in some ways becoming more of a media company.
great now if can convince wall st to f themselves,nope they're still f-in him
ready to pop my pussy all over this arcade
they carded at the door? :/
yea i might switch to abelton in the future, like after i've made some money from beats lol. but yea logic and fl is the wave
try mpc once you deal with that you wont want nothing else fl is the worst out of all of them
sounds like me with hair ties
lol it's actually the exact same with hair ties for me as well lol where do they go? why do a few stay?
new tapestry!!!
from where i want dets
you sound like a douche
against trump? you better fucking believe it
gorkys has crushed two balls, one to right, one to left, both finding gloves.
got home just in time to see hit it out of the park!!!
well make it happen! haha it's my year of twenty fun so make me as drunk as you so i piss on the floor too
fuck you lol i'm not going now
can you link to a story about this?
ah. here we go.
oh man those two @ the korean spa is incredible
that scrub!
i was a pawn in the wells fargo multiple accounts scheme, and boy am i steamed :(
was right. the bank execs responsible for lining their pockets with millions at customer's expense should be investigated by doj
a president is mostly a figurehead. an administration is a big team. no more worried about one than the other in that respect
omg. you are wrong about this. the president has sole authority to launch nuclear warheads, and trump can't wait to do it.
when your son comes home from a meeting and you realize he's totally grown up.
he has your great looks!
and then he enabled a second bubble with the whole housing bubble / cdo / debt leveraging scandal that obama &amp; bush bailed out in 2008-9.
bailing out gm is one thing because they actually make cars (&amp; they actually turned the company around, apparently) but wall st. bankers.
ayyyee u hip
of course . he's one of my favorite artist . he's actually doing a sit down up here this month i think.
the jay bruce video is actually atop the mets page on espn site, but the direct link is not functioning. click here:
real pro. handled it perfectly.
saw a shooting star while driving home &amp; i feel like it gave me the strength to make it through this week like that's how powerful it was
i need that in my life rn
my ...goodness. ok i'm about to do something that is snide but justified--make life easier for me, you and your thr...
quietly chuckling at home. ray your the best.
thank goodness. now i don't have to make up an excuse not to come
its in november and you already promised...
i flinch so hard every time a bug or bird flys past my windshield, i can't be the only one?
birds yeah, but i fucking mow those bugs down with my car
pto finna be used tomorrow ...my bday must go on
happy bday bro
this is me in a hand grenade
does your beard grow into your eyes? asking for a friend.
the other day i realized how my niece has impacted me because i saw a lil baby girl walking and said "que linda" out loud smh i hate babies
ur turning into a full blown hispanic dad
ahhh it's funny because it's true.
this is the best exchange on twitter.
agree. i don't even think it's a tough decision. this year is a complete freeroll at this point. look at the active roster!
yeah, and having cheap conforto and rosario will help for other reasons.
pay day &amp; melissa followed me !! wow that made my day a lot better
it's cause your litboyz king
no its jick, as in jickie ask what my name is
oh my bad i'm out the mix
we will see softballs lobbed at criminal hillary but full-blown nuclear attacks on fight the evil!
they will only be preceived as soft ball because she knows the answers. all questions are hard for dt
i did it first tho
hair so fresh
&gt;tfw 13 mutual fb friends with the
makes sense. you're at columbia right?
be that as it may, the argument you're promoting is still invalid. the constitution isn't a nice to have. can't have it both ways.
i'd love to do a podcast with you two fellas on this issue--and add in a few others. it's an important one; little understand.
ayyy ma... my homie over there says "what's up you got a man?" *looks over*
you see. we all got one or two of them homies who chicks be after years later. accountants and lawyers make $$ too.
ahhh it's funny because it's true.
but i can relate to cate's struggle.
i texted you days ago!
you texted me like a few hours ago, i just saw it. was at a concert
pls don't let nez score the only run. again.
up 1-0, bottom of the 9th, what could possibly go wrong?
a president is mostly a figurehead. an administration is a big team. no more worried about one than the other in that respect
have you studied what was accomplished in the obama presidency? the bush w. presidency? it matters who's in the white house.
caught the replay of the first half of the arsenal after happy hour and will visit for rest. xhaka, damn.
is xhaka gonna do this every match? lansbury's hair is sad, dog. and jon champion describes failure like nobody else. see: bendtner's career
joey better than kendrick? you trippin lupe
what you talkin about man? joey got straight like eminem
it's a bob seger kind of night, night moves, fire lake, still the same. great tunes, from a great time!
...out past the cornfields where the woods got heavy, out in the backseat of my '60 chevy.
i'm piggy for other things
aren't we all?
super exciting day. ups just delivered our new book!! check it out at thank you...
i've had mine pre-ordered since july
has he done that once this year?
lol no but he'll do it vs y'all. death. taxes. dalvin going for 150 vs u.
meanwhile, im here in my head dreaming of the day i'll get to show my own flaming skull head character..
show it, you won't.
does hillary have any events planned for tomorrow? i mean other than dialysis?
we know it's not indictment
any team that traded for lucroy better be damn certain it feels confident in this year's team. cuz he's gone after next yr.
yeah, i agree. especially with how expensive he ended up being, prospects-wise.
is brilliant. thank you
yooooo but that 3rd episode when he's broke but they're on a date is way too real
the pilot was sooooo good. full on tear jerker too!
i know i cried a little but happy tears. lol
roh returns to pay per view fri, sept 30th 9e/6p on all major providers, fite tv &amp; more!
can't wait for next friday night
i know i'm back to san francisco when a cute little beagle officer comes to sniff me at the international baggage claim.
welcome back!
here's another interesting rain fact in the desert. check this out.
really - what are you the science guy on pbs? jeez, when does the bar open?
blow it up, team usa. blow it all up from top to bottom. this reeks.
it's called the torts effect, us vancouver fans know it all too well... go canada though!
is there a feed to whats going on?
here's a better live feed:
what's it called? i ain't know he came back that quick
the game - peat control
is there anything can't do? i will try these poses!
maybe not solve world hunger but everything else, pretty much yes :) how familiar are you with doing yoga?
"just one drink" turned into me belting the run in needed me behind the bar of an asian fusion restaurant
it's only tuesday
hear from , sr. strategic partner manager at , 's virtual conference. rsvp:...
excited to participate! looking forward to talking with everyone!
our salute and respect for kashmiris who are courageously fighting against indian state terrorism for their azaadi.
you must also grieve for those innocent people that your army killed in kashmir
what's it called? i ain't know he came back that quick
the game - pest control*
lemme tell you from experience it doesnt work lol
im fucked then
and yet, it shipped. how that happened is a mystery.
"exception: uhhhhh we're like the only oem left that isn't about to die"
oh my goodness. want
yes! so want to be there!
won't happen positive mojo. feel it. break it up bottom of 6.
woohoo..a hit now 7 -8 more will work.
senioritis is when you have a 100 page notebook for all 7 classes
yo this is really me right now lmaooo
and that's an insane way to live if you take time to actually think about it. but most white people just turn a blind eye.
"but the cop was black!" that is just a sign that the system is against black people, not just "random individuals".
is that an offer?
i wish...still trying to get and to collaborate with me
he never kissed duke . or called him his mentor. . actually he denounced his endorsement. huh.
and yet he gave him a press pass to the convention
that was a figure of speech evil permeates from every pore. i got shingles from being around one. my bodies defense
we have to defend ourselves with his grace from evil. they are evil, mere mortals we have everlasting life.
no matter how bad the day it always gets a little better when i come home to my kitty
after tweeting i walked into the bathroom to see that she had pulled the tp off the roll &amp; shredded it all over the place omy
i don't care,was drafted &amp; fought 4 this country but won't pledge allegiance or stand for its anthem. is no justice 4 all
worst part there's only 350k of "them" and 361.5m of"us dumbshits"should've been quick,but 361m can't identify?
we really do ,
im gna start the gallavich now ! :0 i wont look at any of ur boards at all to keep this unbiased .. ps my snk board is a+
73 days away counting em'
so happy i'll be there live
i can sense his excellence the second i start reading. finally read black hammer , to clarify.
and total props to dean ormston, a new discovery for me, and dave stewart, whose coloring is always inimitably brilliant.
clinton is likewise incompetent and dishonest.
completely disagree. hillary clinton is extremely competent. everyone who ever has worked with her supports her. &amp; honest.
you do know ap is done for the year right ??
nah bro torn meniscus, worst case 6 weeks in my opinion. he's not done for the season
today, i went to the gym for the first time
baby steps!
but then the realist part of my brain taps my optimist part on the shoulder, and then punches me in the face
testing times for the optimist sides of our brains for sure
do it! i saw it by myself too. no one wanted to go with me. (where were you, gavillet?! )
why is everyone so scared of it ugh!!!
just watched the perfect illusion music video
thoughts...hmm what are my thoughts on it
hahaha you got that after rotating your device?
nah. it's happening even in portrait mode.
-yes,your right, but too bad he cannot keep his shirt on around gabi, apparently he has forgotten abby, and is ready tomoveon
he hasn't forgotten her. he mentioned her when gabi came to the house.
meet who is there. design nerds unite.
oh no, i didn't catch this in time! thanks though. :) well, hi paul. ever go to other type/design events?
no man-thong costume. can't see that ever happening now.
that was his default, how can they just drop it.
by the time ai is good enough to auto report well-researched cogent relevant stories from smart dust-input capitalism will be over, ok?
there are no consumer-market-ready vr devices. until there are any vr reporting you do will be an exercise in art, not a revenue source.
mad o, the later years.
set for release fall 2017
center fielder and catcher are the two positions that i can see really being upgraded in the offseason, and idk how they do either.
(cf much easier, obviously)
pro tip: if you want to get accepted at a conference run by a french-canadian, don't say to his face that you hate french-canadians.
why would anyone hate those cute stylish french-canadians?
be still my
people still think it's my cat
found all of these in a drawer walked to alex's cube and said look at los lonely boys
used to love that band
sometimes i forget what i'm talking about mid-sentence and so i just finish what i'm saying with "so yeah idk"
no one liked ur tweet but i didn't want your feelings to get hurt so i got you
another hero has fallen...
he died by peter's business right? i saw the little homie, if i followed you guys on mon, i'd have shared. r.i.p.
resources for teaching about the activism of
looking forward to seeing you at and hope we get the intersectionality conference acceptance too! tour!
i can't wait to see vs. for the roh title!
me either but steve was that u in the back talking to someone?
i swear my dad always mad at me at 6 till i sleep what did i ever do to you im just doin my own shit i got hw to take care of and chem test
on thursday, history on friday, and spanish tmr
your photo filter is boring don't come for god... rude.
hehe see the problem is that i love gaga so much! i always expect more of her. i hope the album won't be on the same level.
terrorist's creed: fanatical and the human need for - r. griffin.
(that one isn't on ibooks). i was thinking of rereading this next since it's not too long, and &amp; are in the news.
some of my friends dj w the horizontal wave forms on serato and i'm always so confused by it
can't fuck w that
ewh that almost looks like his daughter tf
victim claims he liked her because she looked like his daughter, who was the same age at the time of alleged rape
your savage and he's a man hoe! i love you!
i love you more
i think i know which book i wanna read next.
great book. the author commit suicide by sticking her head in an oven. she had a beautiful mind, definitely recommend.
but clinton's team is committed to destroying the net as well as me personally. won't let that happen.
i'm boggled by a one-issue voter whose issue is the net &amp; who thinks the president is a figurehead. i really need to fold socks.
got a big mouth. can't wait to shut it &amp; take the roh title from you baybay
going to be awesome
the iphone 7 costs apple more than you think via
ben fox check this article which shows just the material cost for iphone 6s is 211.50.
serious business
lmfao that's so weird you weren't kidding
i tried showing someone what sea monkeys are on google
feel like the second picture is the love child of the two in the first picture.
he was injured and doesn't fight during ramadan but there is no denying his worth. ferguson pulled out can't blame khabib for that
true. not saying he shouldn't. but other fighters have been more active fighting top tier competition. think khabib wins though
i am very much looking at the big picture.
have a good evening.
you know what's real? the dreams in your eyes. that will be you're only reality. you just have to be fierce &amp; go af...
as you are running in india
i've got to do something with my platform. i've got to do something with my life. i can't just stand by, i've got to be a voice for change
u can and u will!!!
lol. right cause they be doing too much over there.
i'm making a list of shit i can't do over there lol
mike pence's defense of the trump foundation: "well, i think the foundation will be able to lay [errors in washingt...
so according to pence, the bigger issue in a story about wrong doing by trump is the clinton foundation? really?
should i hang glenn's ripped pants up on my wall like a chill shrine?
wait... i threw those away in your garbage. :|
"all white people are devils"
can a man grieve?
" supergonorrhea outbreak is out of control" shock warning from health chiefs
wait until the muslims start raping women they bring hiv tb scabies et al
he never kissed duke . or called him his mentor. . actually he denounced his endorsement. huh.
your cunt of a candidate peddles xenophobes and racism with his anti-everything not american or white
i hope you'll watch tonight.
2 escaped cons in nys 2015 was big. woman helped escape -&gt; incarcerated any 2 of 12k syrians murderers? lockup govs who let em in
i feel like you word a lot of your tweets begging for people to complain in response.
no, people just programmed to complain. haha
how about this one-
says it's not there. ????
we have to defend ourselves with his grace from evil. they are evil, mere mortals we have everlasting life.
try and enjoy life, read and stay in the word. this world is all preparation, they too r a test. we r being stretched god
back in the us?
yes, and raven and i were just talking about you, in fact. time for a touch base, i think.
you not deadass
tell bro unblock me so i can see his tweets lol
i've had my eye on this flash sheet for like years and he finally restocked who wants to buy me brand new flash?
i wish the brand new flash were sold separately and not as a set. like $60 when that could go to an actual brand new tattoo
breaking news: after some failed experimenting i've concluded that rice cakes will never be a great substitute for bread
but are they better than packing peanuts?
excellent. 60% my battery is for ello. 30% peach and 10% yo.
there's only like 100 developers on the twitter ios team. what do you want?
alert! jihadist handbook: isis urges muslims 2 cut off beards &amp; wear crosses in order 2 slaughter infidels.
this needs 2b rt millions of times
physician capacity to treat opioid use disorder w/buprenorphine-assisted treatment in
does buprn really work? doubters are warranted
now i'm thinking what was you doing when i ain't sleep with you?
a boogie ask again please
i just finished the cuckoo's egg, it was engrossing. love the spy yarn, the derpy berk/oak story, and the outdated unix security practices.
such a great book!
halp. i think i have a date tonight. what do i do.
i want a full report on how this date goes.
it's hard to fathom.
that's the problem-how can one fathom german society voting to support and allowing murder of 6 million jews/gypsies/ and "other"
take me back to this weekend and the psycho adventures.
wait this is cute as hell
yeah you ran away and left me and emily to be cornered by a man in a mask with a sword
then there was a creepy possessed girl with a taser crawling on the floor and i told her i was going to hit her
(that one isn't on ibooks). i was thinking of rereading this next since it's not too long, and &amp; are in the news.
speaking of &amp; on a nuclear war scale, command &amp; control by eric schlosser is a very scary read.
it was out of love im sure lol
she went to tx town
he never kissed duke . or called him his mentor. . actually he denounced his endorsement. huh.
that's why he has the david dukes, the ann coulters, and other deplorables as his supporters
find the women in this photo. i'll wait.
would you want to be around kane if you were a woman?
is this real??? can you get court name and docket number??
here's a link to the federal court case
my life is a message -mahatma gandhi
love the photo. very soulful!
try and enjoy life, read and stay in the word. this world is all preparation, they too r a test. we r being stretched god
will pull us out as he never gives us more then we can handle in 1 day.
y'all don't even live in wichita wtf are you doing ? leave be gone.
wtf is a witichita?
im dead this is so cute and she's right
she's the only person i know that's best 7th saga with all characters.
wait, if we are generalizing people into food can &amp;a those that share his views be a kraft single?
they look like real good, but they are really full of trash, aren't good for you &amp; have no backbone.
hahaha you got that after rotating your device?
most of those alerts are broken for me. all that "redesign" of the apple music's ui still feels weird. big font sizes etc
happy bday bud i'll take a lipper for ya what do you prefer
last time you're ever getting a happy bday from me
rich hill out of the game for the dodgers. howie kendrick to ph.
blister issues?
me: *takes a horrendous looking snapchat* "i'm the creepiest person on this planet" : "sometimes" thx
she wasnt lying
it's hard to fathom.
but if we can't fathom it. . .its going to happen before our eyes. . .
why is nothing on tv about charlotte riot????
the lamestream media has screwed up priorities. they'd much rather talk about angelina &amp; brad's split. smh
what a night of revelations lol
lol we need to hang out soon para el chisme
thanks can you try one last thing for me: can you try hard-closing the app and relaunching it fresh?
i did twice, but no change. see attached. i'm just glad to hear this isn't the desired functionality. i c...
thread of my favorite vines!
5.) ya fuckin fat tub of lard
it was out of love im sure lol
she went to tp town
a guy cant ever like me without someone accusing me of doing brujeria on him
i'm just asking whatever you did to do for me too
tag yourself i'm the mom
i'm the moms lip piercing
colin kaepernick is making 114,000,000$ in this country but won't stand for the anthem &amp; respect those who give their lives to protect it...
his career is on the downside so he's just trying to make himself relevant one last time.
ive been having too good of luck lately im so sus on this
tables are turning bby you deserve it
amal clooney announced she wants to take isis to court for genocide and crimes against women while i packaged a dinosaur at work today.
she is also housing a yazidi woman formally held as a sex slave by isis, and has offered to delightfully prosecute assad with the un
whenever things are going good and you think you finally caught a break, life just decides to step in like haha bitch you thought
right lol... it never fails!
my flaming skull head character. my boyz. ill get you in your comic soon. just sit tight. papa working hard.
shiiiiit, you actually did it
hahaha you got that after rotating your device?
but i'm really liking the service tho.
the slaughter continues
so what team north america's national anthem? i want to look up the lyrics... for a friend.
you right, but you gotta say, the eyebrows excatly the same
fight me little bitch
.: often those who benefit most from globalization have used their power to further undermine workers.
another lecture from the incompetent telling the unwilling and uninterested how to do a job no one understands.
followed your story for awhile now. did you move to sf because of ?
thx! we did not. we've exited cf, and our 2nd company since. working on some new things. we should catch up sometime too
hunty dew it when he pass his fingers on it he might see a titty or two
lemme update my phone
the twist was spoiled for me before i watched, but i think it still would have made me angry. it's manipulative in such a gross way.
45 min later i still have no idea what that twist was supposed to accomplish (besides surprise)
i think it's past your bedtime
yeah u got me fucked up nigga's
i'm peg legging it over to my since 's antsy!
it's still hit up here and the giants are playing the dodgers. makes me want to drink.
mike pence's defense of the trump foundation: "well, i think the foundation will be able to lay [errors in washingt...
doestrump has some specific details about wrong-doing by the clinton foundation that he's failing to mention?
meet icon william f. buckley...
buckley's pragmatic racism v/s james baldwin (1965) via
earlier tonight i saw a man spray a cockroach and it didn't die. just turned the lil guy silver.
then maggie and i are talking about the roach in our apartment (last week) and as we're discussing it one comes in from the cracks!
now maybe i can get some comic work done maybe possibly but probably not
dude, get to work on that comic.
adding "gif" before the word "youtube" in the url allows you to create your own gif with the video.
really? cool!
it's better when it's natural
love this outfit
thanks for tweeting my article! :)
one of the dopest articles i've read
hi, step by step , with screenshots, specifically for setting up a-record and cname with 1and1 :
you're a lifesaver! thanks!
dear african-americans, obama was never working for you! proof: he is insulted if you don't vote for clinton!
if trump wants black support a) apologize to obama b) support reparations. otherwise he should focus on his base-whites
thread of my favorite vines!
7.) holy jumping jesus on a breadstick
mom: "don't choke on your carrot. i'm too drunk to drive."
connie rocha it is tuesday
no please no
lmaooo it said it will taste the same
obama administration rolls out recommendations for driverless cars - wsj
more lost jobs
been on replay this past week
just listened to this yesterday and i'm hooked. btw when i'm in sf in finding you
one of her best album tour if not the best. sn vs 1989, its very hard to decide though tbh. haha :d
i agree!!! hahah
if you need more $ for college check out a scholarship lmk how i can help ^st
i applied to hella scholarships but i didn't get any, am i dumb
you probably didn't read this today bc two famous people who fucked for a decade announced they were done fucking.
it's pretty important! arguably more important than two rich celebrities announcing their non-fucking in court.
feels good to be catching up on comics again. interest waned for a couple months, returned to find that paper girls turned out great...
black hammer's as good as i hoped, current batman's going well, and wonder woman's great. as excited as i've been about comics in a while rn
dispatch from kenansville, n.c.: "african-americans are in their worst shape "ever, ever, ever'":...
this is based on things trump has heard.
wow...who are these developers? unreal $$
g h palmer, the downtown developer everybody loves to hate
then maggie and i are talking about the roach in our apartment (last week) and as we're discussing it one comes in from the cracks!
so currently in separate rooms. we sprayed entire apartment with raid and shoved towels under our doors.
if i have twin girls, i'm naming them mya (pronounced mia) and zoe
that's like the smartest thing i've ever heard lol
the tldr version: it's a screening system to see if projects line up with city's gp objectives, and then have them ranked for staff.
steve cho, former 2-term council member, and 2 time mayoral candidate in fremont, shows support for the centerville presbyterian project.
never read the book, was talkin bout the poem by rudyard kipling
whoops it was a poem lmao guess i didn't remember that well
the hostility is terrifying
no this is the actual version. in the version that aired, kellyanne said she hates women &amp; used the n-word.
everyone on instagram thinks molly is a cat :(((
is that a cat
going to be a shame if the giants can't get into the playoffs bc bumgarner and cueto as your 1-2 should be terrifying for any nl opponent.
i'm looking at you,
having a local bar is essential.
absolutely. lmk next time you're in palo alto. ( )
loved meeting you a few moths ago! i was star struck!
aww thanks luv
make me. defend your position, coward. find some facts to go with that anger.
hahahha. you just got schooled, chris. facts hurt, huh?
something nice about this video
i love having matching jeep wranglers
i think i've regressed into the bad habit of taking on too many things at once. it's tough when you always want to do more and help out.
let me know if you want out.
my baby fucking opened my snaaaap
i am fucking gonna cry!!!! on my way to marrying ur brotherrr
awww. angelina and brad are pfffttt. it's none of my business, as it is none of yours, but i liked them as a couple and am sorry it's over.
only thing i agree with. hate to see their business trashed in the street by yellow journalism thugs
a few times i've seen williams let reporters share their info,then he lets trump people lie abt it &amp; lie abt hrc.
that williams spot on!
how do you know a nasty word like that?!?
we're these town naming people drunk or something? yikes!
they're both basic imo but gigi looks like a cat n bella looks like she has a learning disability
idk what a learning disability looks like, but how bout you keep your ableism out of my mentions, alright sis?
will pull us out as he never gives us more then we can handle in 1 day.
his ways r not our ways. his timing is perfect they sit around and talk @ politics, money and how to get their hands on
you're icon is pretty cute there
right when you twitted this i change my profile picture ....
josh reddick is picked off first by johny cueto and then punched in the head by first base umpire manny gonzalez....
that's exactly what my 11yo said
i hope never recovers from hiring this piece of shit.
what i just read was essentially every trashy racist meme that your dumb uncle would share 5 times per day on facebook.
lol nah theres a book too tho
hmmm now i don't remember which one i read
the fact that suicide rates are rapidly growing among white working and middle-class women in the us feels related .
is that true?
word. i'm thinking about maschine, but i want a new daw too. other than the maschine joint. and 9th uses fl so it's ok lol
but do you know all the shit he invested in it? fl comes with nothing mpc comes with 1000s ofdrums and 2-4 gigs of sounds
if you know me you know i hat liquor but a lil something for my santa monica trip tomorrow
takin messiah on his first beach trip
list of islamist nations who gave hillary $143 million in august 2016 alone is unreal
dear : please stick to fundraising. may you attain more wealth than - but please
all of 'em cowards like you?
my brother is a complete tool...
steve cho, former 2-term council member, and 2 time mayoral candidate in fremont, shows support for the centerville presbyterian project.
referred to in city reports as centerville pioneer project. essentially, build townhomes for pastoral and youth staff of the church.
when took ketchup packet
legit me this morning
body count means a lot , especially for girls. it all comes up to self respect. you cant be fucking 50+ guys &amp; expect tony to respect you
damn cut the girl some slack
not all five?
you can load a profile on the moments tab too but it displays more like a modal and you lose access to the tab bar
wouldn't a cook book be fun? i might start periscope while i cook
that would be awesome!
it's still hit up here and the giants are playing the dodgers. makes me want to drink.
hot i mean hot - those gd is and os!
sure. just like with mrs. trump's immigration
melania is going to have a press conference about that "in a couple of weeks" i.e. never.
i mean, is there anything this woman can't do?
and she has george. but he's just like icing on the cake cause she was i-n-d-e-p-e-n-d-e-n-t long b4 clooney. you go girl.
whoa tim, not just for himself. he used it to seattle lawsuits against his business. on more than 1 occasion
wow reading now
i think my favorite ratemyprofessor comment i've ever read is probably "i worship the ground this woman walks on" like.. how ridiculous
but also i'm amazed this didn't come out of my mouth
sick. sick. sick. obama compares 'refugees' to jews fleeing nazi germany.
he is absolutely disgusting.
such an iconic derek shepherd quote
it is coming back thursday
i loved the hoodoo gurus in high school &amp; later got mocked for liking them in college :(
dc punk/metal guy who was also a pretty good bassist gave me some grief about it
lol, yeah i re-read and had to delete.. can't be out here looking like i can't read
lmaooo why would she post that even tho??? like???
i can't wait to see it come together
is there a way to edit things before saving them to ur board some of these have cheesy captions
where is she? she deserves a music contract.
according to the comments betty wright has been in contact w/her. she's from st louis i think. and yesss!
is a happening place with filming
i would give anything to watch it being filmed shout out to my dominic west he's the best
why u always gotta put me down
dont think of it as a put down think of it as advice
referred to in city reports as centerville pioneer project. essentially, build townhomes for pastoral and youth staff of the church.
this project would be placed snugly on the vacant space of the pioneer cemetery on bonde way in fremont. right next to taco bell.
watch red carpet premiere tonight on facebook live
so awesome olivia!
most people don't know we went 2 viet nam after french defeat n '54. ike got suckered n2 what he warned us about.
100% ike was last pres on own.jfk was a coup d etat for those silver notes he printed
heard too many complaints already... anyone else holding off on updating to ?
haven't updated and don't plan on it anytime soon lol
jerry rice and ray lewis, real quiet tucked in on that high thread count.
yeah, they're tucked but still in there...let's give it to them twice:
come see logan v moreau vb game tmrw after school in the pavilion, frosh , jv , &amp; var see you guys there
dub , thx for coming out &amp; supporting logan girls vball we stay undefeated in mval w no sets dropped! see you guys @ the next home game
stepping in for the ' first at-bat of the 2017 season, eduardo nuez.
i support that.
watch lin-manuel miranda's musical based on donald trump's tweets
you want a disabled mentally ill president? wow you're sad
trump's campaign manager just noted, for some reason, that george h.w. bush is 92 years old
sounds like she too is deplorable!
where is she? she deserves a music contract.
i'm swaying. seriously.
the wifey &amp; i doing what we do best
stunning beauties
really regret not starting class this semester
we on the same page
limerick number three of the day (160920):
you're good at this...
this should be talked about much more. 's family are all operatives for the , so is she
i think huma will be secy of state if clinton is elected.
i mean, is there anything this woman can't do?
and she has george. but he is just like icing on the cake cause she was i-n-d-e-p-e-n-d-e-n-t long b4 clooney. you go girl.
it is amazing how isolated we are.
the only time usa is not isolated is during a disaster...sports is divisive...u r for or against, few r neutral
our reaction poll is here-and we want to know your thoughts on the season premiere:...
it was good but not as mind-blowing as some are making it out to be. i thought the twist was really obvious half way through.
guys, yall hit women?
rt ": guys, yall hit women?"
. why are you stealing money from your foundation &amp; cheating taxpayers? makes it seem like you might not be so rich.
transparency
thread of my favorite vines!
11.) cocaines a hell of a drug
i'm glad interviewed &amp; made the world realize he's a human being too. via
but damn is lance a competitor. compare to kobe, mj &amp; others in his intensity, rare to find.
so what if it was a black cop? he still shot him for being a black man.
what the holy... narrative starts with whites are racists. now it's whites and any cops?
his ways r not our ways. his timing is perfect they sit around and talk @ politics, money and how to get their hands on
anyone else's. it's all about getting over sneaky and liars they use anyone they find vulnerable. christian? enemy u pay
multitasking with catfish in the background and they are checking out someone's twitter and really concerned about it being stalkerish.
kid is sitting next to nev in the front seat and goes into his ear "i wanna say to her 'you seat on a throne of lies'."
well, in that video, he said all whites are devils, so that's one; how have you experienced racism?
what have you lost by being called a devil? how has it altered you life?
fr every single time i see this nigga he walking to class all into his phone
negative lmao nah cause outside of class is where i get the best phone signal in class i don't get shit lmaoooo
be sure to tune in beginning at 4pm as has a weekend reality check
wish i was able to watch
that '' was so shady tho lmfao.
wasn't the intention to be shady but i see how it could be...
now 6-2 tor still in the 4th oak has bases loaded and 1 out in the 6th. 0-0
i feel dirty pulling for these teams darren
you're a bird
go fly in the v shape homo
it was great!! i'm seeing him again tomorrow! i didn't invent a pet or vomit!!!
yaaaay!! that's great!! back to back dates? that's awesome.
brb rewatching all the queer parts of degrassi
paige/alex 4ever
will do, you need a housewarming first
word this shit is exhausting
please knock me out
i love you wow date me
a real headline about the republican nominee: "trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems."
trump used this fund for all most all his expense.
i'm done with you , you really need a dictionary or autocorrect cause you can not spell
yo, lob the link for the obituary next week
jeff zucker defended lewandowski hire at employee town hall
is he supposed to be that orange? what's with these guys and spray tans?
so currently in separate rooms. we sprayed entire apartment with raid and shoved towels under our doors.
now i have these by my bed to slip on when i pee in the middle of the night.
our reaction poll is here-and we want to know your thoughts on the season premiere:...
in fact, i thought the twist was so obvious that i'm kind of shocked by how many people are confused by it. are people really that dumb?
who wants 2 b on my free guest list for my birthday party in san francisco this weekend? we're all getting v turnt...
sounds lit..it's weird to see you with dark hair lol
talkin' to vet today who never served in war time. he thought we went 2 viet nam in '63. no it was 1954. b4 jfk/lbj
and that mess was always unwinnable.redux of apocalypse now has french portion explaining their colonial reign
who in the hell do you think you are?punk
get one of your wrestling heroes to come after me. by the way i loved watching u on honey boo boo. say hi to her for me
lmfaoo. this is my first one idk wtf i'm doing honestly
just be gentle with him!
clearly nobody at monitors their own newborns with withings home. this is an infuriating experience. time to go .
advice: only go homekit. trust me.
donald trump has to go 90 minutes with the most qualified person ever to run for president. hillary clinton is also a skilled debater.
but he is not normal. look at the nonsense during primary debates. policies weren't discussed. it was all insults &amp; avoidance.
what is this and can we do it?!
the cooking class? it was for a team that requested ityes we can but dates are hard and you would need budget for it. we can. chat
people are all about fb and ig stalking but let's talk about venmo stalking cuz that's how u know what's really going on
underrated pleasures
pokemon theory: stay in ur lane
protect the precious boy
that's a cute doggy
thanks she is a rescue , joined our family just over a week ago
.: "what we've got are people who hate us, and we let them in. we're suckers."
suckers no more. any way 2 stop b.o. redistributing jihadis n usa deadly crimes against usnprogress. anything judge?
when you get your hands on a bunch of resources that are going to pump up your ability to create quality content.
i love this gif. tony gardner was the man.
i love 'ain't my fault'. zara did that!
we agree once again!!
i don't like people who drink from a water bottle and put their lips around the whole thing
finally someone says it
no let it flourish. it's such a heel offensive move.
it's trash, straight up.
kid is sitting next to nev in the front seat and goes into his ear "i wanna say to her 'you seat on a throne of lies'."
there was nobody who wasn't uncomfortable.
thread of my favorite vines!
13.) give you cool robot arm
you look rly ugly in that pic js. jk ily and imysm girlfriend
honestly i do but so do you ugly
i would also accept "chinless dildo"
yes vastly more accurate than my description! i bow to you madame !
whats your favorite emoji?
painful to use it now but: are you on ios 10? that guy used to have the same mouth as
. i wish barbara bush had a twitter account so i could thank her, profusely, for these words...
sadly irrelevant. but that is the sate of this election.
fool misses every shot he takes
get badges you'll be the best shooter in the game
averaged 14 and 14 with 3 blocks in the playoffs...not too bad
defense was never the problem. it was offense. 14 not bad but not enough to get attention of defense
one of the best, this was incredibly remade in the stand alone complex series:
worth watching the remake?
yasss we out
kidding drake has my heart
ugh they are the worst
dude i'm moving back to oregon. i never had to worry about anything. especially not bugs. do u get them bad?
it's a state, steve!
i'll probably be the first one to get stabbed just pull out the knife
whatttt? how many you use to have?
i started the year with 5. one passed of old age. one was a bit of a hunter. my cat pissy i don't know. &amp; now my cat bucket:(
i'm pretty well behaved...i promise! i'm 75...going on 30...going on 16. it's fine.
and i'm the exact opposite honestly lol... not even joking haha
land of desire: merchants, power, and the rise of a new american culture by william leach is excellent.
those books are on my list for the topic of the of throughout the developed world (wherever smartphones are sold).
agree! sad we didn't get a full obama/trudeau term, i feel like they work together well
trudeau/sanders would have been amazing.
sameee my shit be on 1x or no service, i swear they put mmhs in the middle of the fields on purpose..
they said these niggas ain't gonna have no phone signal so they can pay attention in class lmao
bradcox from deerhunter is asexual, he's a great character too. only seen s1. saving it for when i need it i guess.
great winter binge watch shit. just that type of mood for me.
idgaf im wearing all red and blue tomorrow
that's right
there are screens everywhere at adele concerts. large venues demand a whole lotta wide screens.
i appreciated our screen! and they didn't use it 100% of the time, which actually made it more of a perk somehow
phil shirts need to happen after that epic tweet.
just a picture of his face on a goats body with a screenshot of the tweet above it. boom, money maker
i just think it's disrespectful to pies to use a store bought crust. if you can't make the crust don't make the pie.
if you can't take the heat get out the kitchen hahahahahaha
what's a booty pic????
something we enjoy
i'm sad tonight. feel like every move i've made in the past 2 years has been the wrong one. still here post-cancer, but feel i lost so much.
hang in there!
that makeup look like something you'd steal from ur mom, and something id see on a stripper
dont you dare criticize my makeup bitch its better than you could ever do
i can only imagine. plus, my 3rd grade teacher was named mr. palmer. he should not of been teacher. he was sure mean! lol
lol maybe they're related ;)
that sucks! i didn't know taxes were that bad but i try to tip in cash, i thought everyone did. must be where we grew up.
you keep up the good work. cash is king.
finally exchanging my thermonuclear device for a functional smartphone i can use on an aeroplane.
good luck getting the faa to believe that.
i'd rather not belong to a species that thinks flying planes into buildings or hurling gays off buildings is just b...
all the best philosophy is on linkedin from tag heuer employees
i need to watch!
i just started!
by the time ai is good enough to auto report well-researched cogent relevant stories from smart dust-input capitalism will be over, ok?
can we just start with automated fact-checking?
like fuck if you think calling me fat would make me lose weight estas pendeja .. pero bien pendeja
also dont tell me what to fucken wear if i want to wear a crop top let me if i want to wear a bikini fucken let me
sept 21 is . join &amp; honor those who can't remember for themselves. post your pic...
big fan for years may god bless him
not sure of the cause but people just advise opening in a new tab. lmk if you figure it out.
happening to me too, any fix?
i would die for a hot fudge brownie sundae from abbots right now
bro why would you do this to me and and mr s rn
cats, cupcakes, candy, booze &amp; music. it's not like my friends know me well or anything.
just seen it was your birthday. hope your day was a great one
always remember this
but thanks be to god, who gives us the victory through our lord jesus christ. 1 corinthians 15:57
nbc adds racial to profiling also. trump never said racial. not once.
:cnn, the leader of the dry stream media, aka the clinton news network.what can we expect from commies, except lies?
my brain just thought "orphan black meets sailor moon" and now i'm concerned that i'll never think of anything better than that ever ever.
sarah is sailor moon cosima is sailor mercury helena is sailor mars alison is sailor jupiter krystal is sailor venus. you're welcome.
gonna make him fat is what i'm gonna do lmfaooo. he's already spoiled.
yaaass fat cats are the absolute best. give him healthy cat food and clean bulk him up lol
i cant get jiggy with brolic . i get scared lmao
i'm about to move on to fat men.
u can edit the pin after saving it but idk if u can before ?ni never change the captions bc i'm lazy
uncool...this is gna be such an emo board
tk change your name to don pablo now.
weak af at this now
it's about a family of fallen tanuki in kyoto and their interrelationships with tengu and humans. from what i've seen.
their names are shimogamo and they are from kyoto.
why does this remind me of our snapchat conversations?
i don't know? lol
really?? this surprises me! is that kinky? now i her more
hi christina, i may have exaggerated just a bit ';), but elena is definitely a kinkster :)
"he's a lowkey trump supporter &amp; you know how that goes"
building the wall !!
nah i don't actually. it's def a good investment. i'm torn between maschine and mp tho. native instruments doin their thing
i am telling you fl studios coes with shitty sounds u need other vsts with mpc or machine you get way more and its better
a growing number of ohio republicans are willing to overlook their differences with ...
not so fast especially with the recent news of his misuse of foundation funds looming
brandon belt strikes out looking with the bases loaded vs the hated dodgers. giants twitter will handle this with grace &amp; understanding.
lots of "get em next time" tweets on the horizon
oh. so it *is* a euphemism. ...i find gin helps.
it's a euphemism, but not a "euphemism".
that's odd and sick. i doubt the victims families would be cool w/ that.
why would they have a problem? after this weekend, it's relevant.
not bad, given the site.
. cheapest 2br is $2475, cheaper 1br $2075. for brand new construction w lots of amenities in downtown la... really not bad.
great event at !
gotta love the hustle from
i miss the fuck out of all my friends
on my way to fred rn
i'll never forget when it launched. everyone downloaded it but the entire app was blank because no 2 users were in the same exact location.
i always remember the domain costing a boat load of cash too.
if she's alive tell her to lob shneck to me &amp; i'll be at east high tomorrows
bitcch more dead than terence crutcher
those books are on my list for the topic of the of throughout the developed world (wherever smartphones are sold).
a deadly wandering: a mystery, a landmark investigation, &amp; the astonishing science of attention in the digital age:
yeah what happened to ? he seemed to pick the wrong projects
he's made many good films since. memento, the proposition, animal kingdom, the rover, hurt locker, etc
did the gaga album leak?
no babe she had a listening party in the city
one of the illest to do it,, next times he's in town you gotta roll with me to see him yo
yo, i'm down as all hell!!!!
keep electing democrats and that's the shit you'll get out of washington...
what's happened to you?
when she aint got no initials in her bio
the actually video is funny as fuck lmao
thread of my favorite vines!
16.) so much puss
you've met her all this time and i didn't know??? fake fan smh i'm sorry
we first met when i spoke on behalf of heforshe at the un
directed by: ...
2 of the most stunning women in the world
i don't object to immigration, but dhs' incompetence is stunning.
much worse in the other direction
tho tbf jen seems kinda like julia in runaway bride too! maybe they are the ones meant to be
it is so hard with them to tell between being matched and imitation.
lol when you're on tinder and a hot guy on the train says he likes your phone case
and then the hot guy's having a conversation with this older guy and the older guy asks if you think the hot guy is handsome
why would they drive a crane across the country vs renting. doesn't add up.
not for a smaller crane like this. some specialized equip maybe, but i'd imagine cp owns one of these themselves
literally i say one thing and u attack me
true but you still here you still my main
the president said that hate speech "tolerated" in mosques helped give rise to "mindless medieval menace" of isis
mr.president, in america we don't limit speech that we disagree with.
but, but, but i thought ms was going to spin off xbox...
lol! i remember those days. funny now looking back on
wow the first video i ever made for them blake and gwen
to this the most recent video i made for them
crawford has dislocated left pinkie finger.
cut it off!!!
it's red lyfee she go off
ohh lord i forgot you were from the east coast
me, too. you got me started, friend.
no you started this! ha!
dick with no future trademarked and copyright by
d.w.n.f is a very real threat, it must be identified before it's engaged
nah i don't actually. it's def a good investment. i'm torn between maschine and mp tho. native instruments doin their thing
ive used machine, ii have mpc and ii have fl studios and i was fl junkie but mpc blows it out the water
i don't know when, how and where, but someday i will meet you, i promise
i'm melting this is adorable
kinfolk on friday, brunch, bk flea record fair, kearnage on saturday! there's 36 hr techno party going on that weekend too
see you at kearnage
trump's resemblance to sen. buzz windrip in it can't happen here is uncanny. "the senator was vulgar, almost illite...
trump hasn't read a 'book' longer than cliff notes for all quiet on the western front, yet it seems as if he's stud...
thread of my favorite vines!
17.) bamboozled
it's gona be a strong pass for me.
bro you have to wtf
thank u to every1 who reached out about my love he has the best drs.&amp; trainers to get him back fast! he said he'll be back soon
praying for a light speed recovery.
happy birthday josh thanks for always putting up with me at lunch! love you even though i was forced to clean your...
lol thanks carly !even though you always mess w/ me i'm super glad we're friends :)i know who to call when my shoes get dirty
literally me af
p e to the t t y
judging they don't get killed when they have their hands up, i'm not sure the point u want to make
hmmm...well if they don't have a gun i guess they can't point it..can they
a deadly wandering: a mystery, a landmark investigation, &amp; the astonishing science of attention in the digital age:
you can read the synopsis of that book from the wikipedia link. the more famous story in socal was the metrolink train collusion.
every td should end this way.
what about how upset the other guy was that the kid got the ball!!
so...tomorrow we've been on air for exactly one year! it. has. flown. and to celebrate(?!?!) i'm off sheep herding with .
happy anniversary, you guys!!! sending love and congrats from northern california!
cnn falsely adds 'racial' to trump's comments on profiling |
it's like cnn has a random -ism generator that it plugs into every trump quote
your wcw only buys clothes off ig boutiques.
at least she buying and not borrowing
happy birthday to my favorite author, she deserve all the love of the world
thank you
get larry tribe
...i'll work on this. need to find the right moderator who can help us go deep with it. any recommendations?
someday team usa will realize quick is the most over rated goalie in the tournament
yea in 4 years since there out
just scared the maintenance man
think this is my cue to leave
can i get more details of the event please
go to , you will see all the information about this event .
i'm a (grad) student and i've been using python and r with my stats, but i might not be the example you're looking for!
what stats does python allow you to do that would be harder without it?
there was nobody who wasn't uncomfortable.
oh shit, the guy (who got catfished) sent dick picks to the catfish while in a relationship with a girl he said he loves.
give him ur money too..he bankrupted and destroyed a diverse community in atlantic city
go to sleep
geez: this video of a cnn reporter breaking the news of the divorce to george clooney is something else...
is that when outted himself?
a deadly wandering: a mystery, a landmark investigation, &amp; the astonishing science of attention in the digital age:
you can read the synopsis of that book from the wikipedia link. the more famous story from socal was the deadly metrolink train collision.
d.w.n.f is a very real threat, it must be identified before it's engaged
lest your back, mind, and life will be blown....... out
it was just a perfect moment. i wasn't even bothered by the woman elaine-dancing right next to me.
i was totally elaine-dancing too.
nigga asked what year it was lmao
time fucked up bruh
mandy moore is a rare ww fave of mine. she's so cute.
she can actually act, was great in the film saved. wonder why her acting career stalled?
april showers bring may flowers
honestly, bless you.
i'm pretty sure this isn't a completely accurate description of the plot of dirty dancing...
and this is currently my biggest takeaway from my reading for class tomorrow, because i am a great student.
hill pulled after 77 pitches and a solo shot. i do not like the national league.
just get to giants bullpen and it will be fine.
what a season! so proud to be a part of this journey with the !
good shit boi! start off hot next yr &amp; you in the bronx in no time!
oh shit, the guy (who got catfished) sent dick picks to the catfish while in a relationship with a girl he said he loves.
scandalous.
you can read the synopsis of that book from the wikipedia link. the more famous story from socal was the deadly metrolink train collision.
don't conduct a commuter light rail train and text at the same time.
i will probably just stay in my bed the whole time listening to music
me: donba i'm getting stabbed you: what's for dinner?!
my contract is not guaranteed. espn option for next season.
can't imagine not renewing!!! your fans are all-in! no one gives us better coverage than you!!!
tried to wash my babka's dishes to be nice... broke her favorite shot glass she got in greece :-) i. fucking. suck. bro.
she cried i hate myself
i won't get there till later and i convinced to accompany me
wait what
i'm bringing you to nowhere bar when you're here
yes! i honestly need to arrange a few months for me to retrace my louisville steps but in a gayer way.
waking up to music in the morning makes a difference &gt;&gt;&gt;
wicked wihged wigga wigy
fox news: sean hannity won't appear in any more trump ads
hannity appears in nightly infomercials for trump on faux news. how are political commercials any different?
why why why why why why just why
what is she doing. what what is that
hurt locker. guess im thinking of the time machine
he had a v. bad stretch where he fucked up a few good novels in time machine and count of monte cristo
of course all the other fights in ny have been meaningless haven't they ?? the heavyweight championship of the worl...
i was at that one. szpilka pissed himself. it was crazy.
it was bound to happen dude
i hate everyome rn hahahaha
"if we see anything from you, we will come to your school" diss track ruined. :-(
he called the cops on you?
hey you guys how come your not answering as many twitter questions as you used too??
phones have been busy
tell me about mr. sinatra, tom.
tom, what's new? "it was july 1968 &amp; mr sinatra was out of whiskey. had to leave my wedding early &amp; make a booze run for him
yes! i honestly need to arrange a few months for me to retrace my louisville steps but in a gayer way.
(nowhere is a gayish bar, right?)
i don't even care about offense. just control the run game and you're ok in my book
i'd agree with this a lot more in the al. having the pitcher in the lineup complicates how i view the other pos.
now mandy's best friend is dating wv.
minka kelly?
david, wow set to the same frequency my friend. a powerful group of words there.
it still give me chills. and inspires me beyond the "haters" as u mentioned. it's up to us to inspire others.
trump statement on story doesn't deny anything in the story.
. keep poking : trump funneled $100k to . but 501(c)3's can't freely give to 501(c)4's.
i entered the contest to be a co-host with kelly ripa.....wish me luck!!! ...
good-luck tony! keeping my fingers crossed for you!
the allegations in the insurer's letter denying the claim may provide a clue. someone allegedly messed with the hol...
but why would the trump golf course mess with the hole if it wasn't the one on the hook for the $1 million?
i mean every word!
i was blessed! was one of the authors that got me into fantasy!
'scream~unlash' single now available in many regions! amazing vocals from ! ! bu...
cd love the physical ep with autograph, still call you zuma from now on.
so my sister ran me over and while i was on top of her car she accelerated and her dog fell off the car seat while i almost fell off her car
and then she said "omg penelope!"... moral of the story, she cares more about her dog than me
wow, incredible.
yep. a green beret. known locally for his skillset.
between 2-3 out?
1st and second. 36 minutes. horrific.
is this any worse than midousuji
oh what the hell it just expired from cr?
just a beginner but i am a lot more flexible and calmer than 6 months ago.
that's great! keep up the practice. if you need help with programs, you might want to try our app.
so if no one uses bc... why bother talk about it for 212 pages... damage control is real over there. gaf am cry
i like it more than i thought i would. replaying deus ex was great before the new one came out, red dead redemption, etc
all of the time
come on, you're much hotter than monica belluci, simply because you know how to check someone into the boards like a badass
we're committed to rebuilding trust with our customers and the public.
how can anyone trust a bank that uses hourly employees as while the masterminds of a go unpunished?
that sucks! let's work to get you a new pair. and we can take 50% off. ^lk
put that on moms
don't conduct a commuter light rail train and text at the same time.
don't text and drive a car, or any other heavy machinery. even handsfree voice calls can increase your risk of accidents while driving.
i want to cuddle with you! especially with your amazing butt!
same. i wanna cuddle w her butt too
well... we lost the plot again this morning!
listened to this live while in a darkened bedroom here in calif., trying not to wake my husband by my giggles. so funny. xxx
maybe its how you standing
go away nicholas.
irs chief apologizes to congress for lost information. inaccurate statements, by
another gov. rat looking to keep his overpaid job after being caught lying!
1/ the invisible world is first detected in the visible world's failure to close. [for et al. a tweet storm try.]
is this what you mean by "some assembly required"?
clear cut case of slander. maybe a punch in the wallet for millions will slow their roll
and this is why we need to broaden libel laws.
is the web app down man?.. i can't get that thing to work for me..
yea it's down
haha. i just switched to android actually, the dumber=funnier to me. the is good everywhere, can't beat that
well i am in the market for a new favorite emoji.. froggy could be a contender!
i'll never forget when it launched. everyone downloaded it but the entire app was blank because no 2 users were in the same exact location.
unless you were in inbred san francisco
fast? what do you mean by 30 days? 30 days after acceptance, after publication, or 30 after the promised pay date?
highly variable but i usually get paid eventually. never been good about tracking those things. cost me $4600 with op.
that's twice valencia didn't run out possible close plays.
needs to hustle. sometimes he looks so slow when we know he can run. hustle needed.
ho chi minn was our ally n wwii. we promised him free elections after war but french &amp; british wouldn't let go.
greedy.same way hamilton sold us back2 crown in treaty paris&amp;we're still a commercial protectorate like bahamas
i really pray that i'm not.
you are absolutely 100% not. trust i've met some rotten chicks lol
in a moment. in the twinkling of an eye.. yes, we shall behold him!
for the trumpet will sound, and the dead will be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed. 1 corinthians 15:52
your colorful language isn't shocking or intimidating btw. it makes you sound ridiculous . big tough guy
that's the way i talk everyday and i don't need to justify my language to you or anyone else in the world.
want interesting people to follow on snapchat. what are some of y'all names on there?
victoriakuang
i like it more than i thought i would. replaying deus ex was great before the new one came out, red dead redemption, etc
i just wish ea would make me 2 and 3 back compat
is still getting killed by half a point on the last play of the week every week?
he had the good fortune of blowing me out last week!
female-focused zexal episodes: fighting over a boy, giving up your career to have babies female-focused arc-v episodes: plot progression
nevermind that "female-focused arc-v episodes" is sort of moot anyway because there's no need to "see what the girls are gettin' up to"
i want this to be played st my wedding
fuccccckkkk yeah oh hell yeah thats my shitttt
zero production cost journalism is inherently self-defeating. the question is how do we produce and signal quality profitably right now.
legacy established news orgs have to rebuild reputations with new tech. upstarts have to build trust from scratch.
it's not a campaign, it's a movement. and we're part of it. i give you 's new ad: "movement"
: we are all getting a injection of what it is and expected to be proud americans, including donald trump.
agree! sad we didn't get a full obama/trudeau term, i feel like they work together well
would've been n. american block party: knock down borders- canada brings beer, mexico brings tequila, us brings weed
yeahhhhh niggas is sleeping on my guy !!!
shit gonna be
unless you were in inbred san francisco
oh cool. 3 pictures of the google bus
yep, they are spying away! but at the end of the day, they have to do dirty underhanded things to try to seem better...
of we r a threat what @ the bad guys? ever see the day were clean ppl got stalked? j-e-s-u-s romney looks good haha
whole album is perfection
and that's a fact
birthdays done right. hbd to the one and only aussie magician,
jam out to some inxs, mate
if you're a producer and you "sell beats" you have one job answer your email you're missing money
real producers have 24/7 automated stores
your colorful language isn't shocking or intimidating btw. it makes you sound ridiculous . big tough guy
last time i checked there's no language police and the first amendment is still good law.
my little one is gone and my heart is broken. bebe was not just my dog, she was my best friend,...
oh no! my heart! sending you love,
oooommmmmgggggg!!!! lmao how did this happen! is he tall? cakey in person?
we live in the same neighborhood. he's 6'2 &amp; huge with amazing teeth. and a great attitude!!!!!
omg get out of there please!!!! cannot believe they have you guys in the thick of it. be safe!
agreed--not a place i would ever want to be!!!
the hell you doing ?!
just a likkle lift
did this just happen is the sweetest!!
your favorite!
how come you don't you call out on twitter as the partisan hack he his?
not necessary. everyone knows sean is a trump fan boy.
phone won't charge and i've been on 3 percent for like 3 hours lol
is it dead yet
keeping my fingers crossed for a snowy birthday in nyc this year. (never had a snowy holiday season tbh)
when is your birthday?
nothing. it doesn't affect me. so why do poc argue that it affects them if they are called bad things.
that's what you hear when black people decry racism? name calling? "are you familiar with the term "systemic racism"?
is this guitar for sale on your website? it's sweet! is it a 2017 gibson? thanks!...
the s series is not available yet on our website and is part of the 2017 usa line!
. with his weird robot
i think that's just another attendee wearing a red tshirt
i can't believe classes start tomorrow. rip to me!!
goodluck youre going to do great
i used to love her music and a walk to remember is one of my fave movies.
better than it ever had a right to be. because of her and shane west's great chemistry.
why fsu fans always so damn worried about um? y'all got your ass spanked. worry about that shit not um
cause you the little nigga!
i have no doubt about that. i find our immigration system's crappiness to be deeply embarrassing.
it's funny bc the society is fairly welcoming but the systems are a disaster
finally watching suffragette &amp; all i keep thinking abt is how i would've liked this more if it were a dope biopic abt sophia duleep singh.
also where are my fellow gays in this british period drama rn.
drop weapons - the public news project
i'm sure it wasn't a "drop weapon" like many military units keep. they don't come home and implement those same sops
didn't like "perfect illusion" at first but now i feel like it might single handedly get me thru this breakup lol. i can't wait for joanne!!
literally ur song
thread of my favorite vines!
23.) we are fresh out of ass boys
ain't no party like a muni party
because a muni party's always stopped....?
if you have plans to go to a wine &amp; tapas bar just don't
thx for sound advice
i have used a python script to calculate krippendorff's alpha, a measure of inter-rater reliability.
is it fairly easy to build calculation tools like that one?
because my husband works to protect you and this country and doesn't get paid enough to make my dream come true.
we r your friends because you are an example of how to be a good family to us
omfg the clown sightings have reached maryland. its clown criminals here in maryland where i live. i live here, where the clowns are
i'm in a group chat about this whole clown thing
because i have no self control in my life.
second empty ice cream bowl this week. and it's only tuesday. feel ya dawg.
i am not a "tell the timeline you gave a homeless man a tshirt" kind of person so this is really awkward for me, not looking for praise
it's okay to cheer for yourself! you did a great thing.
yea i def don't use stock sounds. i'd have to use an mp for myself to make the change tho
so much freedom and so much control and the sampliing on there is so exact and precise cuz of the knobs omg
your colorful language isn't shocking or intimidating btw. it makes you sound ridiculous . big tough guy
as for late term abortion. i'm not a woman and it's none of my business what a woman chooses to do with her body
she canceled her nc event. do you know why? do you do journalism or just snark?
. she is having neurological problems associated with her parkinson's.she has no natl security role
i'm so over having obligations during tailgates like i just want to funnel a couple beers with my homies that's all i ask
funnel one with me at homecoming
and this is currently my biggest takeaway from my reading for class tomorrow, because i am a great student.
like, first of all, dirty dancing was set in the 60s. also, johnny's parents aren't in the movie and i thought he was in his 20s?
mine broke freshman year at buff smh
every time people tell me stories about what happened to theirs i get depressed that shit means a lot to me
or the 90s way
lol yes, or that
cheaper than new construction in arts districts for sure
also it's a legit 2br (2 baths &amp; common area) so not bad w a roommate
go look it's gone lmfao that little bitch!
i checked! i don't see your ig
if we r right then they have to be wrong. i wonder if we distract from isis i mean really.
of they watch us who's watching the bad guys? oh silly me we were
agree! sad we didn't get a full obama/trudeau term, i feel like they work together well
at same time, global warming drops when all the hot-air blowing conservatives jump in the oceans
i've actually never heard a song but i think ge famous
oh i've never heard of him but he's all over the tl
can we talk about how gop billionaire donors and former gop representatives and presidents not endorsing trump isn't an act of bravery
like it's that hard not to endorse a man who literally wants to deport 11 million people and ban a religion from entering america
girl cheat on him.
with me rt : girl cheat on him
is this who we've become?
sadly, i think it's what we have always been, and the sight of black man in the white house reignited years of semi-dormant racism
who produced all that matters ? every time i hear it it softens my heart and makes it drop
i remember when he preformed it at the 100 billboards shit, honestly cried. so beautiful
hold up....$80?!
i would honestly spend this much for food lol
wore a "barb deserved better " shirt to
(barb's not necessarily dead, tho)
would you believe former gay porn star mark dalton (aka jeremy rock sons) is support donald trump for president? omg
-but daddy, i loved him! no! he's a bigot, you're a mermaid!
yeah i probably don't see as many movies as i used to...
haha nah, he definitely has made some odd decisions and should be a much bigger name
watch that video. that man was a dead man they minute police arrived. guns were out. attack mode.
what part of having your hands over your head like did,is "not complying"?
oh no! i am sorry to hear about the other two's. but pissy how long he/she been missing?
way over a month. maybe two ? :'(
fuck that i hate him with such a passion he's so annoying he's even worse than carl from the beginning seasons at this point
what episode ru up to
nevermind that "female-focused arc-v episodes" is sort of moot anyway because there's no need to "see what the girls are gettin' up to"
"hey girls, whatcha doin'?" "literally what have you been doing this entire time we *are* the plot"
just for fun and good practice. a work in progress/ david`s transformation - "an american werewolf in london" tribu...
wow these are very cool! i want a set!! you selling?
and you're just a coward.
clowns terrify me.... i'm man enough to admit it bro.
like it's that hard not to endorse a man who literally wants to deport 11 million people and ban a religion from entering america
and as if form bush administration officials and billionaires are really in any way moral authorities on anything. their opinions are trash
this would be a good time to start our business together
definitely the best time to start it
your colorful language isn't shocking or intimidating btw. it makes you sound ridiculous . big tough guy
why do people give shit what others do with their bodies or who they fuck or marry?
jew are non white have more incoment whit arbic and gypsie
what? are you illiterate or just esl? try again.
you did it again this album is
agreed. the album is crazy dope.
lmao dude when da fuckkkkk did i take this picture love you toooo perrita
bruh idek i have some random ass pics of you in my phone
of they watch us who's watching the bad guys? oh silly me we were
it's the criminals watching the police (us!) role reversal.
not your concern! move on
lol. here's some correct the record troll banking her $0.17 for a pro-hrc post. gonna need a bigger basket!
that's a great one. i've never heard him before. how about this one-
not a fan of that dramatic singing stuff. sorry. not my cupo'tea.
it's been proven that most rapes are committed by someone "close to" the victim.
yes, they are usually so close they penetrate.
i met some new latinos for trump who are ready to help maga
yay! welcome brothers and sisters! l-o-v-e u!
your colorful language isn't shocking or intimidating btw. it makes you sound ridiculous . big tough guy
what consenting adults do with their bodies is no one's business but their own.
the base of dem party is poc and sanders did incredibly poorly with them.
agree. sanders pretty much flopped with rank and file dems. especially bad toward the end.
if pizza can't survive here why am i here
let me clarify: this is a terrible pizza place that i rely on to live
helllllloooooo torres and quinn
welcome now tham
i suck too so without even basic decks i'm fucked
lol then that makes two of us
hillary talking about the trump foundation just makes people think about the clinton foundation even more. not sure why she's doing this.
because there are real crimes attached to the operation of the trump foundation, and nothing tangible in clinton's case
if you could open your eyes a bit more, you'd realize that blacks are always committing crime
you're an idiot. and a racist
right, let's crack through fleabag.
oh, that were reef good.
and now my fav thanks to simply_flawless_427 grabbing me and telling...
thankyou for pulling ya window down to chat with me even though i was outta words wish i had said more
if i told you i had a basket of deplorables and just three would kill you...
"if i told you i had a basket of deplorables and just three would kill you..." move along, now . no...
this would be a mix between real world &amp; survivor
and celebrity death match
"i know we are at the un where you met w/ the president..." i feel like "she's a humanitarian..." should have included \_()_/
well, she is the un refugee ambassador
thank u to every1 who reached out about my love he has the best drs.&amp; trainers to get him back fast! he said he'll be back soon
praying for brandon's pinky.
thread of my favorite vines!
27.) chocolate milk
also, i am wearing a gorgeous kimono
here's the pinner
has twinkies
....where? i didn't see them...i can always spot twinkles ...
you can never take treatin yourself tooo far!! treat yo self! lol
you right, you right
they are out here killing black folks and people are saying "but".
no buts, yall need to get it together.
i havent seen the 1st couple episodes now im lost
you have to watch
trevor unpacks donald trump jr.'s skittles analogy.
according to we can't say 'unpack' in this context any more
that would be nice, but tech not there yet. we can improve to heavily machine-assisted fast fact checking. would be an improvement!
the difference is journalists need to be literate enough to push the tech where it needs to go for journalism.
all i did today was talk about chipotle
tbh ur my soulmate
trump vp: i "strongly disagree" with bush's decision to vote for clinton
at this point in time pence is wishing he didn't join this ticket. he was very uncomfortable answering questions tonight
you're too lit up there bro lmao
mines in critical condition it's on the verge of breaking
is a 2 br 1 bath not legit?
just harder to share i think
....where? i didn't see them...i can always spot twinkles ...
was dipping the carrot into a one.
havent been there in a while. thats weird though. whats his first name?
jose. i guess he shoots too. he just told me he met you at a mob.
i wouldn't depend on ferguson or howard for anything
alright not going to get too smart and self destruct
should win for best portrayal of a super predator in "i don't feel no ways tired"
: hilarity is no ways honest. where did honesty ever get her. we'll never know, case she's never been any ways honest.
your colorful language isn't shocking or intimidating btw. it makes you sound ridiculous . big tough guy
when someone tries to tell what i should or shouldn't do with my life, i tell them to go fuck themselves
yeah, her name is mary jane. pm me and i'll give you the number for a doctor who introduce you. just say anxiety.
mah ninja, what's good? speak hood? if so, dats good. if not, u should. it's america, if we wanna talk like gangstas that's ok.
love u. check in and say hi ...wanna know you're safe and happy! i sure do love you
i love and miss your milf self you and lyss need to make me a visit
hey are you around to actually talk
sure! what topic?
conflicted. what do you do when someone who did you so dirty (professionally), now wants you back?
. keep letting them drowned in the ratings
would you believe former gay porn star mark dalton (aka jeremy rock sons) is support donald trump for president? omg
-but daddy, i loved him! no! he's a bigot, you're a mermaid!
dope! gonna be a fun year!! lmk if you end up wanting to sell any!
mostly in row 11 and 12. nobody wanna sit there. but i promise if i can't go to one the tickets yours. i appreciate your kindness.
bone can u not
i think this about sums it up
spicy chicken, dan dan noodles, clams with chives, with . i recommend the whole experience....
i want what you're having
it's the criminals watching the police (us!) role reversal.
they thought we were it was so obvious the toxic energy was radiation. so now we pay, we pay for being who we are. god help
i still think my comedy peaked with schrodinger's boi and ever since then i've let america down.
i didn't see that?
this why i likes men that weighs over 200
i'd never deal with a man less than 200 lmaooo yuck
happy birthday
thank you
girllll you scared tf outta me lol. ty?!
lol girllll, hella bitches my age having babies rn god bless them -- not for me haha
lol that's funny but u right tho!
i deal with it everyday lol
thread of my favorite vines!
29.) i was gonna burn it paul
coming soon @
so excited
happy birthday
thank you
any ideas on how we can do that? i build digital platforms, so
it's worth seeing who else would join us! if we can bridge info. access/security/language/locale in 1 place...
you can't... that's how i missed my flight home from hawaii
i called, i can. tsa just has to screen me
neil young "after the gold rush".
: you are correct sir!
sorry you're having a problem in our app. have u seen it happen again? does it happen when reloading the story?
nope, haven't seen it reproduce. first seen on ios10.
it feels so good to spend a whole day playing a game you love, esp when you spend so much time with your nose to the page.
thanks for continuing to surprise and delight me with engaging, well-designed, well-executed content in . i love you.
i wouldn't depend on ferguson or howard for anything
it's mainly because my 2 main receivers are alshon and aj green and i have 0 faith in alshon
cat. fraud .
damn but me on blast
are ya sure? you sure do talk about suckin cock a lot
that's because i do suck a lot of cock. have you been to new york? tons of queers. it's heaven
that one is quite hard, which is why i found a script someone else wrote. i don't think it can be done in a spreadsheet.
interesting - thanks!
if he say daisy is his favorite brand new album, he ain't shit.
if he say deja is overrated he also ain't shit
remember: this november you can help elect president donald trump just by voting for gary johnson or jill stein! happy election year!
thanks for the reminder. all this 3rd party bashing nonsense has convinced me to abstain this time around. good call.
that would be nice, but tech not there yet. we can improve to heavily machine-assisted fast fact checking. would be an improvement!
but yeah, machine assisted fact checking is what i was thinking. aren't we pretty damn close to this already?
just for fun and good practice. a work in progress/ david`s transformation - "an american werewolf in london" tribu...
wow very cool! nice!!
they really gonna headline msg with eddie vs. khabib?
phew i was actually going to try to get tickets. i can just stream this one in.
also where are my fellow gays in this british period drama rn.
or my fellow anglo-jews?
was dipping the carrot into a one.
oh...ew...that defeats the purpose...*laughing*
my family who claim to hate the bush family are now like what that's good, if only vampires could see their reflection.
it's like the people who are against fracking and gmos...but support her. insanity on a new level
shout out to my brain! after a party night and only 3 hours to sleep, my man wakes me up one minute before my alarm.
this is called a and it's of my brain, circa 2014, for anyone curious.
unpopular opinion: congratulations is my favorite mgmt album.
popular opinion: merriweather post pavilion is my favorite animal collective album.
damnnnnnn throwback a f . proud of these boys
on when you had a tiny trimmed beard, low key miss this look tho..
finally about to take off~ be back to annoy you guys during my layover in denver &gt;:3
have a safe flight
what an incredible sunday learning from the great eoin finn. a big thank you to my mentor ann...
hugs and smiles
lmfaoo already got him on blue buffalo. wanna try other ones though. i hear that one can be iffy sometimes.
i thought about it cause they say it's like real meat and shit but i was thinking science diet kibbles
look for clinton to use this to attack trump she can firm up her base with sanders / warren wing of party.
why in god's name would hillary want to "firm up her base" when her entire strategy is to make it a referendum on trump (rightly
sweat pants 2
please contact to me bb,i m robert from ny
they thought we were it was so obvious the toxic energy was radiation. so now we pay, we pay for being who we are. god help
us the oppression is similar to... oh i can't say it we became our own mideast.
we have homecoming and winterball this year bitch
fr ???? who tryna ask me to homecoming &amp; winterball
trump hasn't read a 'book' longer than cliff notes for all quiet on the western front, yet it seems as if he's stud...
from sinclair lewis's it can't happen here, buzz windrip, running for president, presents 2 points, on jews &amp; negro...
like i feel more with him &amp; alex
they got that fire
giving speeches at a campaign rally is not the same as taking questions from the media. not close.
precisely but need outlet just continue to allow him to sly &amp; then give him free advertising spewing lies.
i didn't see that?
was he both coming and not coming at the same time?
tybg for late start every wednesday
omg thank you for tweeting this .. every week i forget and the night before something always reminds me
mcqueary's story is full of holes!! referencing him as credible is the journalistic equivalent of "wishing" a story was true!
not another truther. you know what i forgot? joepa let jerry travel with young boys to bowl games. and he didn't look the other way?
new music video soon "blokk" prod. deleon got waves
where it at bruh
:no profit and gaining strong no wonder only expected $168m ( down $41m in 2 days)...
i didn't even realize hitachi was a competitor. glad you are analyzing us david.
just sitting around the house tonight w my dog. felt like i should be doing something important, but couldn't put my finger on it.
sitting with your dog is important
this sounds so pathetic but i've been going to the gym every day this week to impress this guy in my class but it's the best motivation
i wish i had this much drive to do my homework that i should be doing right now
trump is the candidate of peace, love and inclusiveness. go to the source not the state ran media.
lol yeah sure
i haven't had a day without crying since the day she went to the hospital. i'm so tired of crying.
i cant think about my grandma without crying... youre not alone
tune in to at 11pm et for brian williams' one-on-one with gop vice presidential candidate mike pence on...
hmmm no thanks &amp;pence
you hoe i'm the only one who guessed
well it wasn't the right answer
i should be going to bed early for work tomorrow but instead i'm going out for drinks
who did you go out for drinks with water drinker!?! just kidding you have to adult early tomorrow so i'll let it slide
i think the first places i will travel when i'm older are iceland and thailand
ill go to iceland with you hell yeah
transit nerds in sf - is there a site that shows places halfway between a and b, considering transit lines?
none that i know of, but i may take that idea and run with it.
i haven't seen any for exclusive rights yet
click the beat and you pick the lease or exclusive option
yayayay. if you have any form of id and your birth certificate than they'd let yuh as well
it's found though! i just have to get it in tracy so i'm in business :) i'm soooo juiced
whoa... this is amazing.
right?! i'd be so happy i always get grilled cheese which is just a burger without the patty:/
"grab yer gear... all of you" i like this.
i love when he said that
saw u-tube of lbj's mistress saying he found out about assassination plot night b4 and was furious, but got warned!
you saw this secret service right?
it should anger republicans to the core that hillary has a 55% chance to win considering what an awful candidate sh...
i can't argue with this. she is a terrible candidate. and i have to vote for her.
you think we worling at sequoia for free nigga? get your self a pug nigga its on the company. (just show up this saturday)
this saturday?
nicole to paul- i dont think they will give it to someone that was straight chillin. i dont want them to think i was
but you were, you were chilling for 10 weeks straight in the corner of corey's bed.
ok who do i talk to about the out of control rat infestation on the uws and in ? it's dangerous for us and our pets.
almost 1 yr later: today we had to remove our son from playground due to big
happy birthday buddy
thank you my partner in thirst
that's weird...this was maybe april?
looks like buffer pulled the wrong link, have corrected- technology
i went to high school with easily 70% of the people who work at bww
hot wings &amp; camel toe
lmaooooo i still find this funny
omg i watch this video all the time too! the reporter guy kills me when he says "isis is the niggas"
you're just one deep clean away from having to do minimal upkeep, if you're disciplined it's only 10 mins a day!
guess who isn't disciplined
why am i here
because you are amazing and not a fake fan
mcqueary says that he heard (and didn't really see) "something." he talked to his dad and joe pa and was still "confused?"
man, come on. man works for you for 30 yrs. assts. talk about jerry. you give him keys to showers after a 98 investigation.
canada doesn't have this delicious substance.. for shame canada
i wondered what this was too. it looks &amp; sounds delicious
psych, criminal minds, scrubs, 90210, new girl, baby daddy, new girl, stranger things, the 100, gossip girl, ooh american crime
lol i finished the 100 it was good
what are some drawbacks to using react.js?
just worked on this for us - tagging him in :)
ordered all my pc parts :d
what did you get for s video card?
it wasn't about finding an agent that your team needed. it was about finding an agent that needed your team -quinn...
beautiful show
. presidential forecast, updated via
. i still hate u from my dank, empty soul worst coverage of this election from major outlet. boo
akai should give you a check. you making a compelling argument lol
thank you brother
or my fellow anglo-jews?
i think this movie just turned into an oscars ceremony b/c meryl streep is on a balcony &amp; everyone is worshiping her? ?
slack is a new one for me.
slack is a great way to work w teams!
had no idea that of built a bookmarking tool called hotlinks in 1999.
have you listened to internet history podcast?
our story: used charity $ to settle his businesses' legal disputes. now w/statement frm trump camp
it's about time for total transparency. release the taxes now!
this is spectacular! congrats, .
i hope she gets a little time on joy read one day.
i didn't even realize hitachi was a competitor. glad you are analyzing us david.
seems like we are on everyone's mind these days.
what about lost
i watched it until season 3 i think
twitter has removed this video four times!! watch before its taken down again!
: hillary has always been a klan enthusiast. remember she said, "we have to get those black youth to "heel". like dogs?
hillary will give you neither liberty or security. trump will cut your taxes and your over regulated laws.
lol great comedy, man
i've been at school since 1:30 today lol sooowy i'm drained af
lol i feel you, 5 classes back to back. from 9:30 to 5:30 with no breaks
it was wonderful and fun. on a side note, can i get that dress now?
yours for the taking...
yes!! or cheese whiz ?
either way, both orange!
i put it down for one sec to get mustard and someone took it smh
praying for this fallen soldier
a black cop can be more dangerous than a white cop.
the feeling of having something to prove can be a dangerous tool.
paul- i think his (james') vote will be fair. i havent tried to entice him, i havent tried to do anything. nicole- same
his vote won't be fair because nicole bought it for 10k
"if" i heard what mcqueary heard, *i* am responsible for what happened to that 10-year old (that night and thereafter)!!
so, close your eyes for one sec. really. do it. now imagine 10-year is jay paterno. you think he'd say his dad did enough?
google domains is absolutely terrible. don't trust it with anything.
um, i just finished moving my domains there. what happened?
nice! what's your recipe? i've had good results with this:
i'm trying recipe 1 in the josey baker book. focusing on technique, since my bread was never all too good back in the day.
see something, say something--then get ready to be called an islamophobe who profiles muslims
are you aware of icann give away? obama selling the farm to international community, whatever that amorphous thing is...
all i'll be waiting for tomorrow is tacos por favor
update: tacos por favor was a1 tonight
fucking ... i hatched at least 15 10km eggs.. but i haven't gotten a lapras, snorlax, or chansey. i don't want 10 magmars
bro hatched lapras during repairs at the tiger rabbit ride lol
yes how can you leave that cutie?
tough choice
reading through old chat conversations with friends
: that sure turned out to be an understatement eh
up late can't sleep thinkin about the shoe roast again
what the fuck
xo we can hang w ur uncle xo
jesus fucking christ
fucking ... i hatched at least 15 10km eggs.. but i haven't gotten a lapras, snorlax, or chansey. i don't want 10 magmars
who's your poke buddy?
yes, of course, which felt to me like a half-hearted "so um does that excuse me asking you in this environment?" as i watched it.
haha i mean look he's gotta ask
oh so why you made a reference to gone are the days of "college is just a scam"
the amount of times i heard that to justify why ppl arent in college is ridiculous. sooner than later a set education minimum
really wish i had time to take pretty pictures
just take one of yourself???
the son of china's richest man gave his dog eight iphone 7s
i dont see anyone doing this for a cat checkmate
"hey girls, whatcha doin'?" "literally what have you been doing this entire time we *are* the plot"
meanwhile "let's focus this set of episodes on anna's character development, lol just kidding it's another reason for yuma to fight barian"
just heard all of and omg. i'm shook. i love you so much and i'm so proud of you. thank you for tonight,
my short synopsis: no matter what you think it sounds like, you're gonna be surprised. perfect illusion was the best choice for lead single.
thank u to every1 who reached out about my love he has the best drs.&amp; trainers to get him back fast! he said he'll be back soon
what happened?
some really fake people out there
like you when you said you'd call me back
he act like we never beat them 6 years str8 lmao o yea they new to winning i for got
garbage ass niggas ain't even got a acc chip. trash.
thanks tried to register online form but did not work
please , send your information to adayinriyadh.gov.sa , and , i will register you . you are welcome
haven't played with slack yet. so many great tools not enough time!
you will have to check it out when collaborating w a team!
more gotta get on your level
thank you brother
the beautiful, charming launching the "health systems heroes" award ceremony
thank you! i really enjoyed chatting. enjoy the rest of
isn't it insane? after all these games they've released and their engine still runs like hot garbage...
i'll be interested when they actually start caring about their animation. telltale characters are so wooden!
what's up with this new coconut-flavored superfood?
what's a "superfood" tho
dislocated left pinky for crawford.
that's painful.
paul to nicole- i'm glad you're as confused as i am. i was thinking if this girl just bones me last minute, i'm going to cry
please don't rely on her, win pt3.
i meant to say abolish, so it is the right word.
the conditioning of believing police are necessary in society runs deep.
so,pwd naba c zhu ting tawagin best in the world? kasi sinabi nyo nung rio na kyk still best player in the world
highest paid doesn't mean best. gamova was the highest paid for the longest time too but wasn't the best
she released music. no one bought it tho. maybe her teeny bopper image still haunts her.
i wanna be with you. still in rotation on my ipod to this day.
giants 1, dodgers 0
it's early... ;-)
*i noticed, those who claim everything is predestined, &amp; we can do nothing to change it, look before...
[stellar tidal disruption] *...hawking simply produces electricity with bird puns. toucan play that...
i'm familiar with the phrase. never heard an actual example of systemic racism today. could you use examples of how...
as a leo, being so afraid of black men you seem to forget how to deescalate a situation so you shoot to kill instead.
no worries.
to be continued! i'll be thinking. keep teachin' me!! have a good night. zzzzzzzzzzzzz.
more than a few lmao
i always know when you're fucked up bc that's the only time u wanna facetime lmao
if you're hungry, paine 202 is open for customers
so much yes in one pic
or they sleep
that's true .. just something right?
well that mr. potty mouth we can agree on.
i know right. i wouldn't want to be anywhere else in the world.besides alexander skarsgard's bed...but i digress
who will face more severe penalties?
make them mud wrestle each other!
white people need to sit down with white people,and talk about *white people*. i never thought i'd write that,but here we are.
doing it on the daily, like drops of water smoothing a rock - takes too much time.
i shouldn't need a pick me up at midnight.
i was just thinking this.
the host of amy goodman joins us tonight on to discuss the controversial dakota access pipeline
why does rose get an whole hour and you only get 1/2 hour?
"pantsuits to hide various attached medical devices."
how to tell the truth
bryan is teasing a no dq match w/ nikki and carmella at no mercy.
....... meh
the amount of times i heard that to justify why ppl arent in college is ridiculous. sooner than later a set education minimum
is going to come into play and those that decided to skip the investing part of their life will either sink or swim
sorry to hear. what exactly were you trying to buy? at which point was it failing? were you using apple pay?
trying to buy iphone + apple watch dock. initially tried apple pay. that offered me free shipping but failed.
nicole to paul- i'd feel comfortable sitting next to corey, knowing that he is going to beat me and i'm just there type thing
we've been free from type thing for so long now why are you doing this
. no - the rinos have joined the pro-hillary to ensure drugs &amp; muslims keep pouring into usa.
no. actually we are voting for hillary for only 1 reason. stop an asshat liketrump from becoming president.
the question is do you believe god?
now may the god of hope fill you with all joy+peace in believing, that you may abound in hope by the power of the holy spirit
jesus. what is this wonderful movie???
oh it's phenomenal. i have the screenplay if you want it.
theres one thats sponsored at the spartan races thats way better than all of them. got samples for brits dog and he loved it
ur cat is going to be yacked if you put him on spartan race dog food he's going to have striations on his shoulders and shit lol
but if no one go then they gonna cancel it
lmao that's what happened last year
my curls have never ever been effected by heat and ive been getting my hair done regularly since like 7th grade
can't relate/must be nice
photos the washington post
.realdonaldtrump sons kill animals 4 fun. his daughter pays nanny 2 raise her children
agree. i'm worried about sogie coming back next season. lot of potentials at 2nd.
believe he has options remaining.
i was actually sobbing lmao
i hated that scene because it seemed so forced
while i do have sympathy for your pain and anguish, i do have to say that mcqueary is not credible at all!!
i appreciate your kind words here. i'd just rather focus on helping right now than trying to save joepa's legacy.
aj reed hasn't played since sept 11. is he hurt?
no. a lot of fringe players aren't seeing the field. going with marwin at 1b
i don't think the house would survive a day
we're already forming teams
life, ah, finds a way (podbean makes the logo look more gorgeous anyway)
liked for the jurassic park quote!!!
i. am trying. to break your heart.
that's the site of my first job, movies, popcorn, pop....
why is in siri smart enough to know that the new york giants are playing right now?
you should stop by and see how easy building conversational interfaces is :)
perspective.
sad! very sad!
it's the dance party. full of fun and festivity. hope you enjoy the drink
thank you !
back in the spring i predicted barbara and laura bush would end up appearing in an anti-trump ad. that still might...
sadly irrelevant. but that is the state of this election.
you are welcome to kisan ekta's 5th national convention in december.
thank you! watching with great interest. best wishes.
i didn't even realize hitachi was a competitor. glad you are analyzing us david.
seems like is on everyone's mind these days. endless barrage of tweets from legacy it companies.
us the oppression is similar to... oh i can't say it we became our own mideast.
good night going to delete these if they missed it well sleep well god loves you tomorrow is a new day
currently drinking lighter fluid disguised as rum
you should definitely go to !! they have all the rum drinks and are ridiculously wonderful people.
when you miss your friend already but things are going to be alright.
that's the most romantic thing i've seen on twitter in a while.
yikes that's literally a full time job lol
haha yeah but it's only 2 days out of the week
sorry to hear. what exactly were you trying to buy? at which point was it failing? were you using apple pay?
then tried traditional checkout but also offered me free shipping and failed. ultimately succeeded paying $7 shipping.
don't know where you went but try any l train vintage shops bc i have bunch of pieces from them that fit my fatass
i went to one and it was very disappointing
probably thinks pharmaceutical patents last forever but like who's gonna tell him
i mean look at the guy's facebook. if i were intelligent he'd have a better resume lmao
yeah, we're pretty fast now with it, but neither experienced nor integrated enough to be certain. we'll get pretty fast this election
i wonder if it involves a blend of a factrank algo and trust network. the thing is it feels like "facts" are melting away.
name one song from adtr "common courtesy"
stop im cringing
thanks girl
ppl always wanna say its gonna be ok but fuck that. it takes time! cry as much as you need and just know shes ur angel now
do you have kids? i'm constantly weighing "stay and maintain stability/don't give up" vs "protect my family".
i don't, and if i did i think i'd feel very differently.
a fit? he was throwing a shutout with 10 k's. what u smoking?
nothing to w/ altercation w/ puig, so you're smoking so much you forgot you were smoking.
i can't support or can you? these candidates are unpopular among 75% of us a++
as long as jill is 3rd prty, she never gonn b prez. period.
i just asked kenzie a question and she's completely didn't read it cuz she replied with "yes i know"
what question lol
happy birthday my son
in the name of lebron, kyrie, and the holy hennessy, amen horrible puns on brand tonight
understand the weapon, understand the wound. charles darwin's great grandson in the spanish civil war. pass it on.
thanks so much for retweeting this! it means a lot to us.
is this real
here's an article by lisa bloom
as a leo, being so afraid of black men you seem to forget how to deescalate a situation so you shoot to kill instead.
spectators, even after seeing a video of a bad shoot, preferring to damn their eyes and err on the side of the police
remember when macos updates cost $129 &amp; you installed them &amp; got a whole new computer? now they're free &amp; all you...
: remember when macos updates took six years? now they're annual and provide largely iterative improvements.
there's no witness fly your soul through the windshield
is this whole song a car crash lyric? jesus
if i were to tell you that every one of these were poison, would you still vote for it?
i wouldn't, but we live in area that will vote for poison for two reasons 1) democrat 2) woman.
thread of my favorite kate vines
4.) her giggle is everything
i really liked it. i'm shocked.
that you liked it so much?
yeah! on it right now
if u get another book for free, i'll buy the damaged one off u. lol
i don't think the house would survive a day
day two at the casa de coheedland
me: text your other hoes him: ok i will me:
i can't stop laughing
ohhhh, u ain't get the lyrics right on this one
lol get me hip then
life is a rich tapestry of experiences but an uncanny number of them involve fungi in some integral role.
may your tapestries never contain fungi
emotional tommy
bruh. ''twas a mess. smh. goal of the night was met tho. lol
mm, shinigami for halloween seems like a better idea. i'm gonna do that
bleach or death note?
thread of my favorite kate vines
4.) her giggle is everything
i don't want to pack lmao i'm pissed
i'm nervous i don't want to leave this place
sorry to hear. what exactly were you trying to buy? at which point was it failing? were you using apple pay?
all good btw. it's the first day of apple pay on the web. it's shopify's code. just doesn't quit work yet. still love y'all.
i meant was the comment really on food
ella clear aagli antha ne picture haakiddu. let the interpretation be yours and not mine
that's the site you have your beats posted ?
yes they are here sorry if i put it twice wanted to make sure you have it
what is this mess??!?
last great space movie i've seen with a white lead. sam rockwell in moon. this one, pass!
i'm going to clean my room.
pls don't forget to clean the closet this time
babe i could not care less. for real. i love gay men. but it's very contradictory to support hrc as a gay man
my life is perfectly fine. i've never felt safer. in fact, i've never felt unsafe to begin with
the evils that men do. i am so sick.
i wouldn't have grasped it if i hadn't directly observed drop weapons. glad they were never *used* by those i served with
supposedly endorsed leslie pool. if true, this is statesman endorses pressley level here, gang.
ya boy put $150 to pool campaign before the bond was cooked, too
would you rather have hands the size of baseball gloves or feet the size of chicken nuggets?
hands obv next
why do we ignore others?
cuz we lame as fuckkk
one time we tried on the same pair of pants
u guys are my favorite duo
obviously- who needs academic journals and their pesky academic standards afterall...
tomorrow morning if i was sedeo i'd be like * loudspeaker crackle* dr zepha
have you joined my official site yet ~ 127 vids 23000 pics 27 sites &amp; shows free
if i do than what
i don't believe this is me. i look so different even from like a month ago. it's crazy.
the grapefruit technique works wonders
where are your .... nvm
i have none
gon after the first heaven's arena match: oh my god i'm ripped
not as ripped as adult gon
i was tagged by the dazzling
you are the most adorable
i know this is crazy but we have an idea in america called, 'innocent until proven guilty' also police unions. thus paid leave
trigger happy cops caught on tape but u come for me while innocent black lose lives daily. phew, at least someone's protected.
stay tuned for the final project coming soon
yeah me and sarah were actually on fire but it's cool... told y'all to stay tuned
is this supposed to be funny and/or threatening? cause none of the above.
o!!!! ok! thx for litmus read-out
i cried today cuz he told me he was moving away but it turns out that it was a prank and he surprised me with this
shorryyy, hahaha! i had to do it again. but i love you! hopefully the presents made up for it
u kno i have trouble with words bubble butt lol
francis has a bubble butt? who knew!
good one. nothing like those '70's cheating songs-
oh fu*k yeah. love this jam. swaying again. damn.
just listened to lady gaga's new album with her in the studio. i'm crying so hard. thank you thank you thank you
guys the album is amazing. i can't stop crying this was a dream come true. can't wait for everyone else to hear it
i truly believe these commutes from hell are having huge impacts on the health of people who do it. not good
i agree 100%
guys, sorry i can't cast tonight. stressed about being so far behind on everything &amp; i gotta take care of it before i lose my goddamn mind.
i know that feeling all to well, cleanse the mind
season five of new girl on netflix? hahaha i'm out
im not ready
noone ever goes out of their way to remind me i'm important to them and that just makes me realize noone got me like i got them
i really be showing genuine appreciation and concern for people who don't even care how my day went or how im feeling. shits sad
yeah, we're pretty fast now with it, but neither experienced nor integrated enough to be certain. we'll get pretty fast this election
or the realm of indisputable facts is shrinking, and everything else is just crude caricatures of reality.
sorry i called during class.
it's fine. i was on break. i'd always take a call for you.
trump hasn't read a 'book' longer than cliff notes for all quiet on the western front, yet it seems as if he's stud...
from sinclair lewis's it can't happen here, buzz windrip, running for president, presents 2 points, on jews &amp; negro...
some think the tyranny is not that bad as they aren't dealing w/persecution and other aspects of being targeted by...
keep the focus on yourself. i know they work hard at causing chaos imagine how happy they are
how do you not have nipples you cut them shits off?
are you dumb or are you stupid
i'm certainly not saying it excuses resorting to reactionary and nativist politics, though.
i know you arent saying that - i don't know what to think
wow honestly that is a cock
that means so much to me
poutine on the ritz!! (happy birthday )
so you're saying he went where flavor sits?
babe i could not care less. for real. i love gay men. but it's very contradictory to support hrc as a gay man
and by the way, my vote in november is in no way an endorsement of hillary, but complete rejection of trump.
no. for example, an officer can't just pick a random door, knock, then demand your id.
understandable, i had a situation today with chp in san leandro and from the jump he wanted my id, ran my plates and all..
what do you see is the future for car dealers? selling autonomous vehicles to fleet managers like uber &amp; google?
wouldn't it make sense to cut the middle man out and just buy straight from manufacturer? no point to have dealers imo
11:34pm no pants no shame watching mistaken for strangers because i don't love myself
i don't think i've ever related to someone through film the way i do with tom since david from sfu
lmao im wating chipotle rn im def gonna try that moes
do it. it's way better than chipotle
found the record today. somehow ended up in a stockholm monsters leave.don't know how ha
always how it happens haha...
black ppl get murdered for no other reason than being black &amp; most white ppl just go abt their day like nothing happened
my boss made me feel as tho i was under performing today b/c he read my hurt. white privilege trumps being human?
us errs, grants citizenship to 1,811 mideastern deportees but muslim-funded hillary wants more admitted!
this would never go unresolved intrump admin.he would make sure they were found &amp; citz.revoked. u r fired!
ultrasonic cleaner sounds like a got dam skynet
jesus christ
that's interesting... i wonder if it's supply or demand delineating the coasts?
supply. the whole east coast will be red within 15 minutes.
when u tell ur moms friends to enter to see the chili peppers live bc they like them and they'll take u. plus theyre older than 18. lmao!!!
theyre so excited hahahah!!
the forest stumbling scene was just so dramatic!
whoa. this season 6 finale really just took a turn.
catch me @ the gym tonight
dude take me with you i wanna start going
god, this piece about hari nef, a transgender model is perfect in just about every way.
you really don't want to miss this. ignore the trump piece in the same issue if you are only going to read one piece. so good.
i've been 15 for 364 days too long
shut up youre not 15
obviously- who needs academic journals and their pesky academic standards afterall...
tomorrow morn if i was boss i'd be all *loudspeaker crackle* dr zehan to my office pls
systemic means it's buried in the law. if you are referring to police shootings then use the term, "anecdotal oppression"
the criminalization of black people is buried in the constitution. see the 13th amendment.
i wouldn't, but we live in area that will vote for poison for two reasons 1) democrat 2) woman.
went add hashtag and autofill has (#) crookeddonald listed first
50 days out, hillary cancels an event in a major swing state and we have to read about it thru new media cuz the msm is covering it up.
the more they try to hold their blanket over it, the stinkier the fart grows underneath. now our anger is explosive
wee willett 1.0 scored a perfect on his "constitutional convention &amp; u.s. constitution" test! *bald eagle scr...
batman approves.
it has had good reviews but haven't read it. lots of stuff on algorithims coming out now
been a longtime cathy fan so i can only imagine goodness inside... can't wait to dive in
i can't associate with him until he deletes that omg
its deleted boo
i did that in 8th grade
i called my professor "dude" and she told me i make her feel young loll
a guy tried to bring my friend home the other night and i asked to see his credentials lmfao
should i carry my resum around in my wallet just in case from now on?
lmfaoo they make cat food too. i wouldnt put him on dog food
you should get your cat mad brolic lol
trump says 'places like afghanistan are safer than some of our inner cities'
lol, probably safer than newark
meanwhile "let's focus this set of episodes on anna's character development, lol just kidding it's another reason for yuma to fight barian"
i know that the jury's still out on how effective ruri and rin will end up being besides being "ladies to be saved" but a5 has already -
mayor release after 12.2 will have no legacy db s anymore only multi or single tenant
who told that?
you out here
its my last night for a while with my bro!
it's beyond horrendous.
here's the federal court record for this case
this must be a trick question
the answer is: both.
i forgot you had a night class.
only on tuesday's. it's okay.
that's a good point. i'll probably mute him soon, but i like to debate people so the others can observe. indulge me...
i also think the argument that is real and our biggest challenge besides perhaps dealing with north korea.
you're special
i hate sugary cereals with a passion
you're welcome to your opinion but you're wrong. i bet you think is a bad idea too.
the state of the union: from the a new birth of freedom so happy fo...
about fucking time
where's this from!? is it out already? i need details!
i'm about to blow a blood vessel from cringing so hard
remember when he found his dream girl
seriously though this is such good composition i'm dying t_________t
(i'm gonna name mine teen wolf cuz that's clearly exactly what it is)
this guy was saying some gross dumb shit to me and i just kept saying i couldn't hear him even after he was yelling at the top of his lungs
"all the ladies love it-" "i can't hear you, speak up" "all the ladies-" "i still can't hear you"
i put near a hundred hours into the game before taken king. i'm interested but it's been so long.
i think it's the most well designed multi of the gen.
dedicated to
going to kill you
watching this inning like:
thank goodness. now hit the ball. pretty please. maybe angel will work.
systemic means it's buried in the law. if you are referring to police shootings then use the term, "anecdotal oppression"
systemic racism is exhibited in law and policy. leo policy is based on the false criminalization of black people.
wapo reader spotted this: the portrait bought w/ $10k frm charity, hanging at doral resort in june
maybe it's a traveling photo. from one golf course to another.
where's to whip me back into soul cycle shape?
you know i'm always down
chris hairston talking smack on twitter is interesting.
if i was a pro athlete, last thing i'd have is any kind of social media acct. any profession in public eye actually.
fiona apple - waltz (better than fine):
i would still let her be careless with this delicate man.
but like how good is it cole?
better than not having any dirty dishes in the sink
any1 interested in should listen to pros 's duo here:
thanks for the shout out! we're doing a mix of advice, interviews, and cool science stories.
bruh we don't give no fucks when it comes to the lil sis
lmao make a niggah wanna come to the games just to cheer with y'all. osrs
you haven't heard any speech of trumps. you'll talk all day about how evil he is but you won't take 10 minutes to listen.
i have listened to his xenophobic speeches. he is on tv all day long. specially on foxnews. i don't like any of his policies.
imagine saying that anywhere other than socal
*fails class in ohio lol
keep beating the drum, only hillary cares about it, as the polls bare out.
actually a poll about tax returns, majority want them released. even gop voters.
i'm at the kfc/taco bell on guerrero/duboce. ama
so close to zeitgeist. so close yet so far.
any1 interested in should listen to pros 's duo here:
you should listen to our latest episode on meatless burgers. it's a fun one!!
two police shootings since fop endorsed trump. but notable (and maybe hopeful?) how quickly pds have released videos and put cops on leave.
paid leave.
yes, its on my lap rn!!!
and i bet you have 1000 pictures of it on your laptop too!
katie couric faces $12 million defamation suit for 'misleading' gun documentary edits via the app
i guess she's not so perky now!
i wont be there but my secretary will she'll give you your check
i won't be there either have a appt have your secretary give it to my secretary sir!
hold on tight. it's going to be a nerve-wracking final week and a half of the regular season. for the second...
jay bruce needs to be dfa'd
hey man, not anymore no, sfdc pulled that product into r&amp;d. i have implemented it at a client recently however, need to talk?
just curious how it's been doing in the healthcare industry
i swear i'm destined to be single.
"i swear im destined to be single" thats bc ur profile pic is a dog filter u pussy
this thread &gt;&gt;&gt; can't agree w/ u more. educate n advocate
girl i'm just tired of asian american apathy to the oppression and routine killing of black people
omg i'm happy. how the fuck did that happen?
happy for *you*!
nah l3on and palmatoro are a better love story than this :3
perhaps, they need to up their twit game though.
i know that the jury's still out on how effective ruri and rin will end up being besides being "ladies to be saved" but a5 has already -
- had women rescue other women, women talk to each other and act on their own, and women encountering major plot points before men do.
it just blows my mind. i know it's possible, but i don't know how people live w/themselves. but that's true about lots.
i know. it's hard to wrap your mind about the things that people do to cover themselves. cya culture is the worst
no no no no no (well ) but he's cake is all over his ig. it's a fair question.
yhe things do matter! those buns are plush!
froggy is kiiiiinda my thing you could make the skate your thing pretty cool, right?
haha ooh i see how it is
where you at?
idk what just happened to my internet
if you are in the bay area, go go go! whatta great event! hope to see you there!
thank you for allowing me to share time with you &amp; fundraise for our youth!
clinton foundation to lay off dozens of staff
specially w/ , paul combetta, caught looking to modify . separate from aides uses of
trump brags about using 'other people's money'
on the day news breaks that he misused foundations funds further confirming that he's truly a conman
of course, the statistics as they pertain to black on black crime are inflated &amp; conflated because: what is the black incarceration rate?
&amp; black ppl get arrested 4 shit yt ppl do all the time. so ofc b-on-b crime may seem high but yt ppl just not arrested 4 it
not only did i flip theme song, the song has a lot of references to his career.check it out please!
this is awesome
i'm familiar with the phrase. never heard an actual example of systemic racism today. could you use examples of how...
redlining, hiring practices, interest rates, housing, what's old is new.
if mandy moore dies, i'll be livid and i'll never watch again! until next week and every week after until the series ends.
wait mm is in this?? i started watching after the voice and had to turn it off after five minutes tbh
wow. taller than i thought. he seems like he's cool people.
he really is. he was more excited than me. i just wanted a pic for you. and he's a goof ball.
agreed. i like all of them so far. it was a perfect pilot. i just hope it's not cancelled too early. lmao.
i didn't expect the twist either, well how they did it anyway.. the task will be to make both sides of it interesting.
i'm a hockey writer. and starting immediately, i'll be one with .
oh damn, seth's the jam!
dripping is now up on my manyvids profile! best video i've made so far!
you have gorgeous eyes
i'm not denying he's playmaking and electrifying ability. i just think guys like him are generally overrated
but what about ai specifically is overrated. just his %'s only negative? that's it?
i'm sick of everytime a fcked up muslim commits a terrorist act this bastard mentions freedom!
he talks so much bullshit
what's gross is heterosexual people these days literally sell themselves as this -poly-fem-faggy-lezzy-party bisexual cool hunters
i said this yeaterday. it gives a "blackface" t
wapo reader spotted this: the portrait bought w/ $10k frm charity, hanging at doral resort in june
the one purchased with
. causes uproar on social media by comparing syrian refugees to skittles
how how hilarious would it be if that was the actual reason people were mad?
agreed. i like all of them so far. it was a perfect pilot. i just hope it's not cancelled too early. lmao.
i'd be shocked if its not a hit, its got alot of buzz
bro that's us
fuckkkkkk
why is she so chill about this i need backstory
it's best that you just ignore her!
to delete seems a bit cowardice, but it is your prerogative....
it's not cowardly it's to much ppl don't understand i don't want to give them space it's toxic
nasa says that antarctic ice is increasing, but that doesn't make up for global sea ice losses. ...
if you combine the south and north poles then that statement is wrong. and the second part of the statement is false, too.
puuurrrfect i'll start packing tomorrow.
you know my door is always open
did this fucking twat really just compare himself to ? good way to get stabbed.
lot got dan
cutest lil pup in the game
not as cute as you babe
this is such a gross pic haha happy birthday matti
a) why did you save this b) thank u
do whatever the fuck u want and fuck the rest of em \_()_/
this is why i love you
gimme a minute my memes are being held hostage by windows update
what a pain in the ass windows update
thanks sweety
i hope you meet them soon love
i'm just going to start throwing a grip load of money towards my car to make it nicer
throw that money @ me to make me nicer
can't do a musical without a moon...
is that like the inability of designers to portray cold without artificial snow?
do whatever the fuck u want and fuck the rest of em \_()_/
one of the many reasons obvs
i wish it would just happen for me already :(
shit just keeps getting waved in front of my face then snatched away
and are a year apart in age, both 6"4 and born in april. why am i pointing this out? because they fine af
husband goals right fucking here
grateful to &amp; for their valuable time tonight. great discussion! cc:...
i'm already hearing the value from employees! thank you
the heart knows today what the mind will learn tomorrow.
***thanks, adam.***
adrianza is a bum. has been for too long. those who think otherwise can unfollow, block me or @ me.
you spelled his name wrong. it's outrianza. and i agree with 100 percent!
me when anyone tries talking to me when i'm in a bad mood
why is this us?
no he has 1000 of kyle get it right
no..you got that wrong....its 1000 x 1000 which is 1,000,000 !
i feel like the artist did the best they could
this is a masterpiece
isn't it dartlang is a completely a new language compared to ts which is a superset of js?
yes.. dart is a completely new lang which target web, server, iot and mobile (android &amp; ios) ;-)
"call any emotionally coherent collection of truths, values and habits meaning."
here is another attempt at defining meaning: "connectedness, pointing intensity, effects of removal"
if u got that whip lash, u did it righhht \m/
whiplash, bruises, scrapes, and soreness everytime ive seen black sabbath haha shit
ceo faced accusations of fraud and calls for his resignation today from critical senators at a hearing.
he promoted a culture of fraud throughout the company then blamed the employees and had them fired. and praised the div mgr
you fucker, now im hungry! lol
how amazing does that look! i made myself hungry too
shit just keeps getting waved in front of my face then snatched away
im real fucking over it and i just want out.
sal is a good lookin dude tho
i've never seen the impractical jokers. i watched a couple of sal interviews on youtube today
v mild reservations about it, but it rly doesn't matter because those of who do aren't the ppl who would be particularly interested in this
omg please dm and spill the beans!!!
that's an image i'll never get out. thanks a lot
my eyes
amazing chinese black batflower
my new favorite!
why do people think they're entitled to talk to you? lmao
not like a casual conversation.. like talk talk
haruna is the western fandoms reaction
look at her squealing in the corner.....she ships it
do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning.
what's wrong princess,she's not suppose to have a plane like who's been out fund raising by a woman
what about java based ?
i'll take one of those also.
hahahahhahahahahahahha this nigga! i heard food from pc almost kills ppl
yeah the first day there i almost died
how how hilarious would it be if that was the actual reason people were mad?
mr. , i am no skittle! i do not come in a variety of delicious fruity flavors!
same i saw him @ endless summer tour so when i saw that he got arrested i was like...... wth no way..
yeah i just seen him like a few weeks ago i'm shocked lmfao
ew who tf likes twizzlers
i love twizzlers actually
negative, no one should be beat bruh
shit happens tho
fox news electoral scorecard: 2016 race tightens in key battlegrounds via
vote,especially in battle ground states, counts!we can't let libs run this country any longer!
i will give arc v credit for this much in huge retrospect
it's something i noticed really early though. ep 2 has yuzu defeat yuya (never happened before in any series), yuzu picking up -
what an amazing event! congrats &amp; ! so wonderful to talk about issues w/ such a diverse &amp; talented panel
thank you so much for everything, angela!
was hoping to get some verbose output from pkill, ran `pkill -9 -v process_name`. ho boy.
oh goshhhh that's an amazing mess
thank you so much hope its going well for you!
it is! thank you
are still in the hunt. didn't see that a couple of weeks ago.
4 back with 11 left and 2 teens to climb asking a lot
you one of them , gassin on her sink booty
lmao i'm from texas gassin mean " pumping her head up " not talking about her
at least we wear deplorable with pride! next thing you know, they'll be calling themselves the deplorables.
will say anything to be elected
elaborate why meh? did you want the cage?
cage would be nice, i just don't have faith in a no dq women's match...no knock on nikki, i just have low expectations
i'm not "coming for you" you asked for an explanation and i provided one.
w/snarky tone yes. unions, i get. mass killings, no.
it's why i stopped making beats "seriously"....it's fucking annoying to deal with ppl who disrespect beatmakers/producers.
ii feel you ii give them the link if they click they click if not its all good im not gonna stop my gift becuz of them tho
my dad is the most hard working, kind, and generous man i know. something you will never be. you're insecure coming...
he deleted his tweet wtf, wondo 4 life
i wanna get high and eat till i throw up.
i feel like doing the same thing!! omg!! i've been wanting to for days since it was my last day there...
understandable, i had a situation today with chp in san leandro and from the jump he wanted my id, ran my plates and all..
just an odd situation i encounter from time to time, right on tho
never said she did. she did do a lot of other illegal things though.
do you have proof that no one else does? you should probably share that with the gop witch hunters.
this girl would've blown off her 1 year anniversary for some random good looking dude im sick
lol these are so staged bruh
for all the people in high school at the lunch table who said texans are weak know what they can do
them eagles tho
looks like we got a second season on atlanta. so happy
and congrats on getting a second season, happy for y'all!
especially dealing with faggots who think they should get beats "no1 has heard" for free at that.
right brother
sorry about that
could've warned me
i'm trying to get my life in order support me
my life is falling apart love me
it's taking me forever to do the fictional char tag bc i can't figure out who i want to represent my awkward weirdness
the problem is it's not cute&amp;quirky! weirdness, aka every character, it's "i was a social pariah in grade school!" weirdness
ladies, rt with a selfie of you wearing a choker.
hellooooo there!
happy birthday! :)
thanks jen!!
bridget jones's baby i admit...i'm a sucker for colin firth
also, colin firth? great in a suit.
go eat your kale and seaweed. i'll eat a nice sirloin burger with cheese.
demand? lol. they can get fucked.
this is great &amp; important
you're great and important
pretty fired up the cueto apparent groin injury came straight after that wholly unnecessary adrianza error. celebrate good times/come on!
here we go again.
it's an app! but you gotta know your time of birth and stuff.
oh, ok. i'll check it out.
it's something i noticed really early though. ep 2 has yuzu defeat yuya (never happened before in any series), yuzu picking up -
- on important plot details and getting involved about 28 episodes before yuya actively steps in to run the plot.
once again if he was a felon open carry is useless
he wasn't. have a good night.
you promised me a bigger box! pic via
moooommy....it doesn't fit!!! you have to take it back
turn up but be safesies
i'm in bed lol
if a tale of two cities isn't your life wyd
early modern lit and french revolution is one of the most interesting literary periods tbh
yeah. it's gotten a lot of publicity so hopefully it stays a while. lol.
serial tv on networks has to be really compelling cause its not a jump on show whenever.. but i think it will work
mind dm'ing me the email address you signed up with? gladly find you and make sure you get the invite to professional :) cheers!
sure! care to follow?
sounds refreshing!
maybe we've been doing it wrong the whole time?
the actual deplorable !
a perfect leader for womens rights, what a joke! shes all about the power grab, no sincerity what so ever!
great podcast with as a ny latino to hear he gets confused with the salsero is a question i'm glad was answered.
awesome glad you liked it! thanks for listening willie's a great guy.
ridiculous first day of never stops! thank you &lt;3 see you tomorrow morning!
i'm crashing i might call it a night good first day 355 titan my other two are well on their way too 350.
always a susan lucci, never the egot
haha, that was a hella long setup for the draft kings commercial
yea how about both y'all play me in rugby for my rocawear sweater
i got a nice fubu sweater ill like to play for in tennis on the basketball courts
wanted to publish another video yesterday, but i keep adding to the "script". around 3,000 words. hoping for this week. it's berserk related
recently watched all of the '97 berserk for the first time than 3 eps of this year's adaptation. only 3, which should hint as to my opinion.
people try to say he's a top 3 sg of all time and i don't see it. unbelievable icon. absurd highlights
hmm.. nah. he's possibly in convo of top 5. i would have to think that. mj &amp; kobe are definitely up there
i want to go to barnes &amp; noble but nobody likes books like me or is down to go
&lt;&lt; she does
i remember you now without sadness.
tweets of the year here ..
a is oc. but he didn't care that his white tux got all dirty. pag-ibig
bakit now ko lang nadiscover ikaw? follow na kita, bes.
heres what this old man tells his sons: "did someone promise you life would be fair? if they did they lied."
do i get a participation trophy?
the airlines are serious in saying that you can't use a samsung 7 under any circumstance on the plane, can't even be connected to a charger.
charging is the most dangerous thing you can do to a defective battery
cueto's limping off after 5 1/3. giants had better keep an eye out for asteroids at this point.
or hemeroids
cry is just the best song ever. she is so underrated imo.
she got lost in the shuffle. xtina, britney, jessica simpson. plus she didn't sex it up, like her peers.
from the start. he done fucked up
omg finally someone besides my mom agrees!
" im tired of women being treated less because we are stereotyped as weak and dependent on men .the fuck i dont need a man to live a life. "
" and fuck these white privileged men who rape innocent girls and don't serve their time. " briana going awf
with all the solo rumors going around we want to know what sound you'd expect from each of the boys if they went forward with solo projects!
niall: pop with a celtic vibe harry: rock with orchestral arrangements (horns, piano, cellos) liam: pop with r&amp;b &amp; soul
it was nice knowing you world. rip to me at sa inyo ng lahat.
! bwahahha! haaang lupit!!! be still my heart muna ako
it's all those blunts u smoked.. lol
..between there and richmond, i'm so good off blunts.
chels i have genuinely never seen anything more you in my life
i know im crying
vin scully going in on the giants bullpen
i know cueto hurt out of game, bullpen..
frankfurters in some areas than many would suspect.
yes. it's complicated. but note that i'm a liberal conservative in the american sense.
i have literally already seen "she's a woman and so she's less able to engage hand to hand/she was at greater risk/couldn't de-escalate."
making police more diverse gender or race wise hasn't &amp; doesn't change that the system itself is racist &amp; violent +
exactly. it's just weird seeing these rappers act entitled about production exclusivity without proper business tact
yes oh dont get me started i asked a guy what genre he want he said the beat on my pro and i ask what genre is that
are you giving 90's film recs, tonight? more please! out of stuff to watch.
don't know where to start? welcome to the dollhouse, bottle rocket, true romance, goodfellas, pulp, clueless....
thanks for listening
you're welcome it is a killer song
questions: 1) did they see this alleged pcp from the helicopter or from behind the car? 2) when did they "find" th...
i didn't know that pcp still exist.......sure that wasn't a stash from the evidence room?
who me? oh i'm just watching live footage from civil wars concerts and crying
hes going to be at hardly strictly
just blew my mind. thanks for putting together an incredible all female composers program without calling it that.
yes!! sadly i was already booked tonight but i was super psyched that the event wasn't billed as a thing.
people try to say he's a top 3 sg of all time and i don't see it. unbelievable icon. absurd highlights
sure there is someone else higher than ai. but ai is def not overrated and is amongst greatest ever
so currently in separate rooms. we sprayed entire apartment with raid and shoved towels under our doors.
raid ur apt but stop using shampoo. makes sense
way to diss banacek, there fella!
eh, it was no "crossing jordan" honestly...
hopefully she's asian so at least their would be a plus out of it
or hispanic i think i need a crazy girl in my life
god, this is unbelievably insufferable.
on your way to fearmongering in supposed opposition to fearmongering, i jusy want you to know.................
literally me but with shorts
eric i think u own every vineyard vines shirt ever
and mean it.
i'm not saying you'll definitely have a kid one day, but you'll definitely have like a hundred of them.
lmfaoo never herd that before
well get hipped
this city manages to always leave me breathless.
i have a cousin in windy city.
slick and sick.
the whole crew is. helluva aggregate iq all going in the wrong direction.
screams interference finish.
that too, someone will return and we will get a wet blanket finish.. i'd also like stakes to this match..
just bought a youth nfl jersey. cause i fit in it. yeah for asian small genes.
they make jay cutler youth jerseys?
don't for a second think trump hasn't already inflicted serious damage on this nation.
it's not like we weren't illegally doing this in guantanomo for the last 20 years. not just trump at all.
all they ever do is deflect. please, show us the inaccuracies in 's findings!
releasing taxes can clear any discrepancies
what about idiots that get out of a car with a gun in their hand around cops. not a smart move.
is that what my tweet was about?
the epa and every other world government science body says is real &amp; manmade.
1/ the global average temperature increased by more than 1.4f over the last century.
cueto staying in as again turn to scoreboard to tell fans to "make some noise."
they're not bright. i mean they do the wave and all. obviously they don't know how baseball works.
she's new !!! she's in the kitchen lmao
there's like 3 new girls in kitchen
making police more diverse gender or race wise hasn't &amp; doesn't change that the system itself is racist &amp; violent +
it some ways more diverse pds make the system more defensible by ppl who don't want real change
no doubt my cousins husband is a professional body guard. he has no media acts and stays low key.
rivers is smart. he can't make the mistake of saying something potentially "offensive."
more fallen police officers this year too! where is the outrage for that? nope, i won't kneel. sorry...
i kneel for them too. kneeling isn't against cops, it's against lawmakers who won't act to protect citizens, police or otherwise...
aight let's do it !! first man to touch another mans nut automatically wins
wait a min wait a min. what's going on with this gay shit?
dodgers fans booing an injury are fucking scum of the earth.
hard to imagine cueto will be ready for his next start...
it has taken me four sets of headphones to realize that my phone is the issue... i hate myself
i'd like to take this time to formally apologize to zo for throwing out her headphones that were perfectly fine... rip
we would've definitely gotten raped if we didn't run
i thought his name was scare or something the guy with the shaved eyebrow
this made my night!!!
lol!!! i heard that on the radio earlier! great!
love you, megan. i promise you'll be the first to know if anything ever happens, but i'm pretty sure he's over it
but i just wanna know whooooo, i've been reading the whole story for so long
but she got perfect skin and hair so i deal with it
i can't she bothers me od
can imessage app developers get access to the camera? seems like a whole market for snapchat-like filters.
yep check out truth truth lie
okay and yes
what's for dinner sweetheart
media may call trump names - but he says what most americans think via
while there's distinctions b/t being non-pc, assertive, aggressive, or just being a plain ass. dt in good standing.
the little one
dude shes always staring at me like i don't even know you
god, i spent a half hour on a problem w/ my code executing &amp; was 3 layers of solutions deep when i tried a janky fix instead &amp; it worked
yeah i just did this too only i spent an entire month on my problem
love how people automatically assume i don't speak spanish, surprise
i just told my nail lady about this/you on sunday lol
my one and only angle. my brown hair is fading to red. also- do i look like this in person i really don't know
yes. but even hotter.
these tweets are not about him. you're smart, you could probably figure it out!! but if you do, pls don't name
of course i never would, love you bb
tot ziens . we had a blast. see you next year at 2017
indeed was great
1/ the global average temperature increased by more than 1.4f over the last century.
2/ according to noaa, the decade from 2000-2010 was the warmest on record, 2010 was tied w/ 2005 as warmest year on record.
saw that. got sucked into the hoax. quick recovery tata!
the lazarus effect!
i'm actually like the avatar but instead of mastering the elements i have to master waking up before 2:43pm
this is so corny omg
anything to help me not feel like nanobots are crawling out of my scalp. having an extra fun psycho day
sorry, was cleaning up from dinner. how do you feel about the concept of canon in a creative space?
goofballs are fun!! now i gotta visit
and he got a monroe piercing.
in my future book on how great a son i am, chapter 11: "i gave my whole family strep throat"
funny tweet, but literally the worst. get better if you aren't already!
just got done dirty in a dream ...again
least it wasnt real
malfunctions are fun too hahah photo by
can you believe nat invented looking flawless all the time??
the fuck? jesus christ. man i've had ppl who rap that don't know what trackouts are. it angers me.
wow wow i say what genre they say drake type beat lol i say thats not a genre they even think type beats means copied beats lol
how come no one talks about how extra farah dhukai is
yo she does every remedy in living breathing existence. how many of them does she actually do herself consistently
republican dont whant you to know about trial 11/28/2016 yes its true
dont worry-trump will make a contribution from his foundation ($ contributed tax deductible by some1 like adelson) &amp; poof gone
this is why domestic terrorists can hide comfortably among cops in police departments -they get armed and get power...
he was a disabled black man reading a book a book in his car &amp; waiting for his son at a bus stop. get out of my mentions.
my heart hurts, my head hurts, everything hurts
hope you're okay
.black people are waking up! i want to see that hot sauce liar! ...
and you're contracting
my fucking guys
we miss you
when you randomly get kicked out of the groupchat..
because you a bitch ass bitch
me ether i was writing that out and i was like fuck i cant count that high lol
1,000,000,000,000 ....wait that's only a trillion........that is still way too low!
when you never even respond
you ruin the moment a lot
seeing talented employees engage w/ customers reminds me what a powerful combo brain power &amp; computing power is w/ business.
admire your leadership - i'm surprised how many employees traveled in 'packs' &amp; tried to win @ our booth. they should engage more
i wonder if a new manager arrived on june 2016 and barked "nobody cares about that junk, stop writing those!!"
i hate this new weird world of no release notes. facebook is the worst offender.
"your music sucks" richie is such a prick
he was right though.
2/ according to noaa, the decade from 2000-2010 was the warmest on record, 2010 was tied w/ 2005 as warmest year on record.
3/ ...before 2015 beat the old record and 2016 is going to beat that record. link to 2010 record:
tell that to ck! that's not what he said in his first interviews...
he's not the only one kneeling...
anyone who truly understands the importance of freedom for all americans will get on the trump train!!
you jest! again trump has made un-constitutional 'suggestions' as to treatment of people he deems unworthy. bad!
foo she'll touch me from the back like bitch !!!!!! gtfo of here
she probably has a crush on you too
couldn't say no to my fav boy using my fav movie as his asking theme :)
can't get over how adorable this is
this is a bottle of wine in a cup
if you look closely you can see your impending hangover
or the realm of indisputable facts is shrinking, and everything else is just crude caricatures of reality.
or, in part, that the bullshit is growing exponentially faster than the facts.
ready for you to come home so we can go get brain freeze at jeremiah's together
awe !! i come back oct 4th, if my mom doesn't kill me for chopping my hair.
you should bring your furry ones down to this amazing event! i will treat you to a picture with one...
r u from the carolinas? have a kennel down south, by chance??
this is why domestic terrorists can hide comfortably among cops in police departments -they get armed and get power...
he was a disabled black man reading a book in his car &amp; waiting for his son at a bus stop. get out of my mentions.
d'oh. of course you aren't. sorry - that cartoon plus a bomb threat at joy last night have really upset me.
that's terrible - big hugs from here
just ate the best shoyu ramen at ken ken in the mission. that braised pork belly and creamy broth... photo didnt stand a chance.
you gotta try mensho best in the city
only confronts teen accused of driving drunk and hitting chp car as she leaves jail
i saw her earlier that day walking down los coches. she was drunk and or high then.
didn't toot this on the weekend because i was wrecked, but guess what's got a thumb and a coach rating?
so, i guess once you do enough miles jumping, you can get a business class rating?
automatic knockout is a field goal for the los angeles mets if they hit a touchdown
thats why the eagles couldn't win the game because the football went into the basket instead of out the park
let the harambe memes die pls
delete this post
how am i suppose to buy dope while saving money while paying off my mfing student loans.
ok awesome sommelier blogger - try this - won't be sorry! checking the blog
al does a 20-tweet-long storm on jet blue losing his bindle
al giordano tried being the taco al pastor man, but kept eating the pineapple
also, 1 in 20 in congress lacks a degree.
roughly twice as many people in us don't have degrees vs those that do
we you despite the dad jokes.
this is why we call you bitter...
so i need to watch , yes?
yas and if you don't like it, i'm looking for a new girl
just started to watch rhnj with my daughter. she's a fan, i wasn't. i'm only watch since your on. you speak the truth!
- thank you so much!!!
no problem. always glad to help the sore losers of the world.
just wasnt a big fan of them on . sorry we cant all like the same "music"
i'll await a post on the matter, if you plan to do one.
time. but yes
anybody else sobbing that michelle will be leaving soon?
yes both will be missed but like stephen said i'm sure they will still be doing good things after leaving th white house
i am so sick of seeing a new hashtag for another fallen black person. so sick.
as much as i prefer for peaceful protesting to solve our problem, it's not working. they are murdering us
haha totally i legit feel badly for both men here (and that one person in the shot who looks like a befuddled clooney handler).
haha, definitely confirms that pitt was blindsided by this shit if he didn't tell his best friend, too
3/ ...before 2015 beat the old record and 2016 is going to beat that record. link to 2010 record:
4/ if you think nasa's primer is gibberish, then you're being intentionally obtuse.
that's a three-run eighth. 4 atl 5 | end 8
if your initials are j.b. even if you're jason bourne, the need to avoid you like the plague.
icymi, many members of oakland unified school district honor band, playing national anthem before game, took a knee during anthem
they played the anthem on one knee?
can y'all think of another song with a wrestler rapping about a wrestler? i'll wait.
great that is great
yes! they have a store in texas, i want to visit.
if only my wife &amp; i can get our bakery noticed imho we have a better story on how we started
or, in part, that the bullshit is growing exponentially faster than the facts.
ugh, so true.
crawford out with dislocated finger, cueto limps off with injury. not sure if this is edge of cliff, but u can see it from here
such a mess these days....
michiiiii i'm just trying to be like you bro... like literally see you soon doug
congrats! more to follow!
now way lowrie makes that tag.
love wendle's fielding. it's not just "not-lowrie/not-callaspo" it's legitimately excellent
i'd love to be excited for an extension store and a per site level zoom.. if only we were still in 2012 :( i miss t...
oh... and you have to restart your os for a browser update! yeah \o/
wondering why server side events never really got any traction, no support in ie but there must have been other issues. cc
i have the answer coming soon :) great question
in a time where the terminology is important to know from rap/producing to even engineering...
yes you are right thats like a basketball player not knowing his calls
4/ if you think nasa's primer is gibberish, then you're being intentionally obtuse.
5/ the only way we're going to stay out of trouble if we do nothing about emissions is if all the models are wrong.
buying that mt. davis debt would be the lynch pin. would be curious if it will be done.
i take pause cause this is part of the same group that is trying to buy the arizona diamondbacks stadium.
not enough lipgloss or pink fur
well this video is a lot different then i remember...this whole time i've associated laser dots with it i...
damn imma bout to ice this bun
my mans tweet slept on
cuz i don't fuck with these new rappers you know this
but ain't you a part of the g eazy fan club??
i'm just being me!i feel we should lift eachother up rather than pick eachother apart as women.i also love good hearted people
- heart and soul is everything!
raid ur apt but stop using shampoo. makes sense
lmao i still use shampoo. but what the fuck else am i supposed to do? i was in a panic.
id rather hitch my ride to 3rd party than be party to corruption or fascism.
exactly what people said in 2000.
terry collins is pinch hitting for jay bruce -- with eric campbell. wow.
no more j.b.s, please!
just got home and i'm still shaking because of joanne.
going to smoke a bowl and calm myself down while i finish watching transparent.
nuke the valley. or at least get blocked/muted by it. same thing.
that was a very strange interaction to witness. most with him are though.
bored of these hoes
hoes everywhere
why?why?why? not cueto!!!
he will blow it as usual
i hate trying to make plans with people that don't actually want to hangout
i really truly wanna hang out!! (just come to santa barbara )
as much as i prefer for peaceful protesting to solve our problem, it's not working. they are murdering us
they are not going to stop unless we turn their lives upside down. until we raise hell. until we truly retaliate.
or we can get her, who wants to put together another ground war... not sure who is better.
everyone must vote stein she's only one said she'd get the bank families/bis
ill choke you out wit yo blue flag you faggot bitch
somebody get this fake abercrom...
dearest dudes, don't use your phone while at the urial or else you drop it and pee on it like the guy next to me just did.
d'oh boy!
let me shower and you'll find out when you get home
i'm not hungry anymore my side chick fed me
have you seen this? i just found it and blew me away.
no i hadn't nationalist that understand culture norms
took me over an hour to get it to load !
just finished on one, and about to finish on the other!
very inspiring conference today from in sf!
to buy book i used a 'soft promise' since couldn't use bitcoin cuz phone died &amp; i don't carry cash. sent address via dm. just paid
right!! perfect analogy!
ur real cool in my book thank you
...about truth. &amp; they leave out video of him reaching into vehicle. i don't know if shooting was justified but i'd appreciate some truth.jg
truth doesn't get you click
"practical" in our case is still enabling corruption.
no, it's electing the far less corrupt candidate.
but someone filmed mama swift coming to get us and hugging us on the last night of the red tour. where is that footage i need it ??????
i'll forever wonder if that would have shown up somewhere on a red tour dvd
ill choke you out wit yo blue flag you faggot bitch
nigga wearing forces and bootcu...
idk i just rlly love grouplove's new album rt this and ill take you to a music festival!!!!!
doubt it, but it's worth a shot
are your ready for the movement to be at your city? let us know where you would want a ...
push growth via web and you'll see a whole new world of opportunity open up!
sav ass bunny!
right? i thought she was gone for good &amp; then she randomly shows up lol. there's freakin coyotes out here lol
saw an address for a town called floyds knobs, indiana. even funnier if you say it aloud. or visually, if you parse indiana just right.
toad hop, in is another fun one (also especially if you parse indiana that way)....
what do you think west coast?? brock and cassidy.
the hand scene
here's my review of nbc's with kristen bell. it's actually good. airs tonight.
thanks for recommending good place, the freeze frame on good/bad scores already has me laughing. plus kristen bell.
5/ the only way we're going to stay out of trouble if we do nothing about emissions is if all the models are wrong.
6/ the current warming trend is...very likely human-induced &amp; proceeding at a rate that is unprecedented in the past 1,300 years.
we luv both of u. when did u become my italian brother, my grandparents born in italy? always luv both of u. j
yes, my grandparents were born in italy as well!
how weak do you have to be to think donald trump is strong?
well you have to be as weak as a democrat who thinks hilary clinton is strong. why not wake up and vote for johnson or stein?
i jerked off too much now i'm dead
that maxie holy fucc
desk coming together (note the crystal, the feeling wheel, the sanitizing wipes, and the...
girl, feeling wheel? ima google that now!
have to admit - that was some serious precognition - 1 whole year in advance. great scott!
i'm feeling seriously stoked
they are not going to stop unless we turn their lives upside down. until we raise hell. until we truly retaliate.
i really don't condone violence but i don't see this problem truly being solved without a war on cops.
just getting to the internet &amp; seeing the news. bc it is news - "today shall go down as the day love died," -vogue"
oh, you mean bradxit!?
we've been sorry for a decade and they still couldn't catch up. too late now
couldn't catch up? the series is 31-29. y'all up two bruh.
not all of them, but some of them. aric crabb has a shot of it.
no tuba players, i presume
i got an insane prank idea shit should be funny asf
come to santa monica tomorrow &amp; blog ?
so, this preorder is going pretty fast, fyi... surprisingly fast.
bah. still waiting for b2.
seems drastic. but okay.
the likelihood of you not liking it..... okay i'm not sure but its really good.
dude i do lol everyone makes fun of me
it's hella embarrassing bending it hella bad it class jaja
dream come true for me today.can't describe putting the shirt on and entering the pitch on my first competitive game.
congrats! more to follow!
any comments?
here's the federal court record for this case
why am i watching this?
morbid curiosity my friend.
what kind of relationship u get in? lol i don't think i've ever stressed being w someone i like, just gotta keep it simple
the wrong kind my dude lol
happy birthday to my boy who has the nicest shoe game in his school district and the nicest shot at hardwood palace
hahaha got lots more shoes to get and lots of things to work on in the gym...much appreciated tho
happy birthday!!
happy birthday man love you and what you do for all of us around here
i'm pretty sure gays get paternity leave as well.
not under trump's proposal. read it. it's on his website. lesbians do if one gives physical birth, but if they adopt? they are out
only one i like is when that dude airs over this couple to back 3
or that nigga that did that huge ass ollie
"i don't know how to drive. i don't know how to do something teenagers can do, and i'm proud of it. that's how much...
i'm gonna be 50. i've made nearly 800 short films in 10 years by bike, walk, transit &amp; maybe a cab. i don't know how to drive!
hit a pr today that's been my demon ever since my shoulder/wrist injuries. i am happy, but not satisfied
and s/o to for not letting me die
eh. .idk about all that me being cool shit. i just hate rappers. most of em are morons and disrespectful to producers.
lol i hate the so called rappers real artist know the business i knwo both sides its aggy at times
new trend i'm seeing in the comments. ponys don't care about consoles anyone. they are going to pc gaming
they all own pc lol
love instant hit!
we love the way you think!
wtf! just put him in the game! how dumb.
if they did that nobody would buy this dlc
i found this tho lol
this was over a year ago no way
also getting really close to my apartment...
stay safe, brother.
shoutout to the portly gentleman who hopped into this muni train, released an awe inspiring fart, and hopped back out as the doors closed
reason number 37 i now commute by motorcycle.
i had a good talk with the doctor about my shoulder today. we discussed cortisone shots and surgery. i haven't made a decision. we agreed...
how about physical therapy?
it was! i'm excited to see how the two storylines play out.
your fave was milo's character right? lol
question of the day: should we start surveilling on mosques in new york city &amp; elsewhere? share your thoughts using .
100% yes on all mosques!!!!!!
hillary clinton says donald trump's rhetoric is aiding isis
but does she think the "like" her any more than they do him!
yeaaa i want to! let's go together!
yes! i have practice that day so i was gonna get there by 6:30
6/ the current warming trend is...very likely human-induced &amp; proceeding at a rate that is unprecedented in the past 1,300 years.
7/ that's a quote from the last report. the most recent one's even more dire.
happy bday!!!
thank u stop cooking for antonia and instead send food here
she's literally huda kattan's lil sis i'm v annoyed
i can stand huda cuz she has her own brand and stuff but farah is just there
effectively: 240 million of the 250 million cars we own are useless. 2 trillion dollar yearly car economy.
i'll like someone to bring up the figures with reference to toasters.
to buy book i used a 'soft promise' since couldn't use bitcoin cuz phone died &amp; i don't carry cash. sent address via dm. just paid
interesting use case on how bitcoin expands trust.
when is best for you?
not sure, since i work literally everyday and george moves back home in a week but i'll figure something out
yall dont respond to these ignorant ass conservatives/racists. its pointless to argue with stupid ass ppl
they always hijack every trend containing to us im sick of it
anybody know any acne defeating secrets? proactive has stopped working
i know that it's gross but scrub your face with an egg yolk and brown sugar concoction.
woof. lucroy, ramos, posey? who are the other three?
realmuto, molina, and martin. that's it. the next two are vogt (93) and perez (87). it's brutal.
i notice that, while j miller asserts that the contains errors, he doesn't describe any specific alleged errors cc
to which there are many, three prior error ms already corrected. weak and sloppy work
really you know all the facts yet? you protest when whites are shot????hmmm mike= joke
only excuse is if he stumbled upon it and is struggling to get by as a freelance photographer so whored his tweet
i feel u but how u gonna slide to 3rd base if your cleats dunked for a 3 pointer
im fucking dead that was good
take another l an see ware u ranked at lmao an y'all was tf how far ya expect to fall bih
i was thinking we was gon be 17th or 18th honestly.
i only have love for you kels
same, hence my concerns
is it time for me to go back? startin' to think so!
take me with you
delicate hands
donald trump's hands are 'childlike'
your beats are dope as fuck tho. i like the sampled soul ones you got.
good looking brother
thinking about ipod socks
was at apple for 3 yrs while they were sold &amp; only sold 1 set ever to a kid who had a $10 gift card and wanted the cheapest thing.
had my first ever strim ever today, everyone is still alive in rimworld and is a mighty fine shot!
glad i could be there for your first stream and shoot squirrels for eatin'!
come back to cali and kiss me
on my freaking way i love u
only excuse is if he stumbled upon it and is struggling to get by as a freelance photographer so whored his tweet
which is probably exactly what happened lol
realmuto, molina, and martin. that's it. the next two are vogt (93) and perez (87). it's brutal.
those are the top eight catchers in terms of wrc+. that's bonkers.
it's a free country. what i do have problems with is a guy that has no idea about police work and spouting off.
it's a terrifying an impossible job and the good ones don't get enough credit, which is why i rt your police news too.
it won't help to just tweet more empty words to more
lemme see if i still have an account. haven't downloaded in a while
7/ that's a quote from the last report. the most recent one's even more dire.
8/ so what you have to ask yourself is: are you more informed than the consensus of the world's climate scientists? i'm not.
after wk2: 1 td 3 int 78.5 pass rtg "there's some concern about kirk &amp; the way he's played."
rough start but he'll get it going
dirty thong, pee in a cup, bloody tampon in trash can in bathroom, period on bench, guy peeing in fitting room.
mine has to be in men's fw when that guy was cutting sensors and i had to clean up his blood!!!!!
nobody wants buns that's all over ig
i like to see what i'm ordering before hand.
new ad plays like a horror movie: "don't let hillary clinton leave you defenseless"
don't give that terrorist group more free press. they're the definition of domestic terrorists
a bush will vote for a clinton, reports a kennedy. once again, how an anti-trump story can easily be repurposed to serve trump's interest.
looks like rfk's family lost their best guidance years ago. still a bunch of brats. who personally tweets that??
done with keekay
your version &gt; version
thx for follow back! look fwd to edg meetups in oct!!
looking forward to connecting next month! :d
i didnt even get it they only have 7, you have tmobile?
yeahhhh nahhhh lol
. so called "refugees" are the enemy and you just lost me as a customer, permanently.
that's okay i need to cut more sweets out of my diet, their pin is construed as advertising
take another l an see ware u ranked at lmao an y'all was tf how far ya expect to fall bih
but they was like nah we can't put miami over them. hell nah.
i'm about to go drink a whole bottle of nyquil so i just sleep for the rest of the week tbh
got this personal was gonna down it but henny don't cure the pain no mo
wow can you believe hannah hart invented being adorable
it infuriates me
i never got around to welcome to the dollhouse. true romance is a fave.
"i know i'm pretty... but i ain't as pretty... as a couple of titties"
's talk was easily my favorite of the talks i made it to at
aw thank you so much! that means a lot to me!
today's dose of kilig is brought to you by gummy worms!
hahaha makagamit nga ng gummy worms hehe
i know me too but will reunite thursday! lol
can't wait
you blame the police for doing their job and give a pass to those who break it. the dumb butt got what he ask for.
his crime was?
yes because the endless coverage about family and his disability really works with this quote right?
you ain't watching all the coverage and you missed another black man killed yesterday who is being criminalizes.
trump jr.'s skittles tweet: false, dehumanizing, plagiarized, and rooted in anti-semitism
trump being into ivanka was a red herring - it's don jr!!!
pete &amp; i would never steer you wrong. unless there was some sort of wager involved.
do i need to buy other things to make it do connected stuff? or just the bar connected to tv?
it's a free country. what i do have problems with is a guy that has no idea about police work and spouting off.
but the bad eggs needs to be stopped just as the bad people on the streets need to be stopped.
happy birthday my dude
thank you my guy with the rational fantano opinions
send location
wherever the hell this is, brooklyn, ny
i also note that the j miller's allegations about the clinton foundation are supported by no evidence
great observation. wait 'till story gains traction.
or you could tell them to stop breaking the law.
are you serious???? please leave your ignorance off of twitter
my dad, a lifelong raider and cal fan, really doesn't like john elway. below, he references a game in early 80s, wh...
little known and somewhat ironic fact... elway married a raiderette.
i've talked with her a little about it. i don't push twitter.
just so we could all follow her and get all this good stuff she shares!
our "lights out staff" doesn't meant shit if every single turns into a triple
oh, agreed, it's a major issue. but if the guy can't hit, that handcuffs the offense a lot. that's two easy outs.
aww mi yesy, show her love peco
tu peco me tiene olvidada but i still adore him tho
love is taught through actions. we as america can help love
but be doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving yourselves. james 1:22
oakland considering sweeping changes to parking requirements for new developments
was just thinking of you. did ya see??
looking for 1-2 kind creative people interested in talking about having a place in new orleans together in a time share kinda way.
interested. been thinking about nola in that way for a while. also, doing something similar now with 3 others on a boat. interested
no problem. keep doing your thing tho. you doing it right. you not kissing ass or cheapening yourself for a placement.
thanks ur def right about that but i personaly know some signed major artist so ii be chilling they are normal to me thank you
yooo if yall dont have on snapchat youre missing out on the funniest shit!!!!
add me () i need more streaks
so thankful for such an amazing support system that made me work so hard this summer so i could achieve my goal of...
omfg youre literally goals, congrats girl!!!
it's a free country. what i do have problems with is a guy that has no idea about police work and spouting off.
having bad cops doesn't mean there are not 10 x more good ones, but having good ones doesn't mean the bad ones don't exist either.
ohhh lmao i've always wondered what it was and i could never figure it out
bro same lol, at first i thought it was a word &amp; when i said it out loud i was like .....nah doubt it
do you have a set top box in your room? we have range extenders that connect via coax and sync with the main router. ^jra
the setup isn't in my room, but i'm literally like 15-20ft away from my verizon router. is that too far?
aww mi yesy, show her love peco
tu peco me tiene olvidada but i still adore him tho
ugh i have such a soft heart why can't i be a bitch like
i'll take that as a compliment
this might sound retarded but i feel like my body's haunted
lol but why
story time!!!! and i decided to bring our famous instagram group chat with liam payne back so we started talking and i guess...
he didn't like that i brought up his girlfriend
looking at the hs level - how do you engage girls in stem ?
hmmmmmm...... not a 140-character answer.
okert was put in tough spot against padres, got beat. other than that, he's been pretty good. strikes out puig/hernandez to strand runners.
totally agree. they added some pitches after he went on the dl, didn't they. he looked great since he came up.
tbh i think she's always blown por eso lmao
i went blown once to work and nobody noticed lmao
that's an old story about last week.
the story said pneumonia returned and she canceled fundraiser for tues. this updated news.
have student debt? planning for college? see how much money hillary's plan would save you:
the american taxpayer will not allow this! help us!!!
somebody is happy to see his mommy
thats how i am everytime i see you lol
glad to be joined by my friend on tonight!
the best of the best together! you both give your all for us!
just got out of ...
whatever you do, don't look at or . wait until you've processed the movie a little first.
would still like to see knicks invite chalmers/cole to training camp, no assurance randle gets the job done as 3rd pg, need proven players.
we just re-signed lou amundson we are at the max 15 guaranteed contracts looks like randle, baker, &amp; tokoto r headed to d-league
so proud of paraolylmpian cisco's joana calado in the 100 meter breaststroke, finals at 13:36 pacific time today!
and 5th place overall is something to be extremely proud of! you go girl!
so many terrified cops. all of 'em, fearing for their life. afraid of cds and taillights and cigarettes and toys and things only they see.
and now, reading a book.
stranger things kids performing uptown funk at the emmys
they need all the love in the world
not in 9.x.
what about on 7.1.1 with a display card 824gc? not going off-card for save/restore could be a speedup...
i'd love to be excited for an extension store and a per site level zoom.. if only we were still in 2012 :( i miss t...
oh.. and you have to restart your os for a browser update \o/ yeah! wouldn't it be fun if you had to restart android on every chrome update?
really great hands especially. haven't seen his range extended too much but definitely better than advertised
seeing him in person was really impressive. his range shows up in a way you can't see on tv - he beats the camera to the ball.
i still want to have a game night like said way back when lol
we talked about that over a year ago :( still has to happen tho
trump campaign "responds" to story by attacking him.
no surprise. trump spins everything &amp; i'm sure he'll find someone to take the blame. his typical mo
i can't stop laughing at everything in
best meme of 2016
and will stop thrusting a bundle down our throats when?
you mean you're not interested in a triple bundle with landline phone service and 150 different cable channels???
lmao!! *spreads some positive energy your way*
thanks i needed that
i swear the second pic is my laptop wallpaper from ios omg
i think it is bc someone else said the same thing
i'm excited!
oh.. you might cry tho
honestly such a great game ladies
you too tay :)
fact: hot dogs are better when you slit the wiener (ouch!) so that it can fold out perpendicular to the bun into a flat surface 4 condiments
eating a hot dog the conventional way is ridiculous because u got bite-sizes of hella bread and no meat on the sides!!!!!!
too long passed to have a red tour dvd. i heard one of the main reason is that because its "expensive" to make one. hmm..
yeah i gave up on that chance a long time ago! i've heard that too haha.
it's a free country. what i do have problems with is a guy that has no idea about police work and spouting off.
either way, i'm more upset with lawmakers at this point than i am at any given individual. this shit is systemic.
terry collins is pinch hitting for jay bruce -- with eric campbell. wow.
means ! you're trippin' and combustin'
minorities are not lying about being murdered wholesale by cops across this country. are you really so blind that you don't see it?
so then, why are whites statistically more likely to be killed by cops than others? curious.
new york restaurants aren't sustainable because it's too much fun to lose money:
sounds like napa wine. it's just as good from sonoma or mendocino or paso robles.
come to sf instead? :d
i'm sure i'll find my way there for more than 12 hours soon! i still need to try that grilled cheese joint!
that she can barely remember
your just gettin at my life today huh
if does his job djt's goose will be cooked permanently the first debate. if he protects his job @ nbc djt will escape.
lester holt is no match for donald trump.
eating a hot dog the conventional way is ridiculous because u got bite-sizes of hella bread and no meat on the sides!!!!!!
and the way you apply condiments makes it so that it's all only on one side!!
i don't even remember my last sleep over that wasn't with my boyfriend. like the last time i had a sleepover with other females
i think it was my birthday (which was in february)
a girl on my team interviewed when she was 12 years old. like, what????
better journalist than i'll ever be
so mad because you don't take me to these places
do you know how much time volleyball has taken from us in the past three months hahahaha we will soon explore!
sorry super late but what's the demographic of twitter users? i feel like its probably more skewed than academic institutions?
i think it skews towards young/urban/college-educated, but not actually by that much
title made me think you were gonna barrcast about the konmari method. would have been fun to compare notes:
!! we can still compare notes - i did a quick write-up a while ago (thru a product design lens iirc)
molly picon, 1 of many yiddish theatre stars discussed in latest from :...
just adorable. never saw her as a young woman!
kicked off with !!
and you get me with my hearing aid turned off
singer-songwriter, recording artist, producer: . new cd muse now on itunes. watch &amp; listen:...
thanks for the love! groove on! my new album releases 10/21 - new video &amp; single this friday 9/23!
i have trouble telling any of them apart. not my area of expertise
they all do look kind of round faced and squiggly mouthed, according to artist renderings i've seen
run-ons are my biggest grammatical issue in essays. walls of text with tiny sentences is my issue on social media. livejournal/facebook-wise
the run-on thing makes me feel like such a scam-artist when writing newsletters or tutoring anyone
those are the top eight catchers in terms of wrc+. that's bonkers.
i'm actually a fan of vogt. his offense went down from last year, but still good for the position.
it's been just a rough year. nothing seems right. i'm going to go to sleep. enjoy this picture of my cat trying to...
that's a great picture!
girl tells grandma she's gay "you kiss her hole?"
this be you britt
i'm pretty sure gays get paternity leave as well.
i'm sure ivanka had the best intentions there. i applaud that. but it came short. not sure why.
how is that place??
yo it's lit. the music was good too. v ratchet, like me
all i do and its great
same with the school and starbucks, i just need a job lmaooo
wow, thank you so much dude. i really really appreciate this :')
you deserve it my man, much happiness and blessings to you
awww. i liked her, too. i loved them all, tbh.
no one got on my nerves, it was played realistic, and it was funny! these type of shows aren't my thing lol
killer cops are what created the divide not their victims. i am all grown up, pussbag.
killer cops? all 12 of them? terrorizing millions of people? im sleeping with my light on!
and the way you apply condiments makes it so that it's all only on one side!!
so then u gotta rotate it so the condiment side is on the top and even but when u bite ur get that shit on ur lips n nose
didnt know. they were born in abruzzi region, near naples &amp; mt vesuvius. jay
mine from basilicata.
goodnight &amp; god bless (:
have a good wednesday (:
so then u gotta rotate it so the condiment side is on the top and even but when u bite ur get that shit on ur lips n nose
n the weird sensation of the meat and condiments pushing up to your buck teeth and roof of mouth!! flawed i tell you!!
who's your best friend, tf??
i was subtweeting you
beautiful shot
thanks!! keep up the great work!
this dancing gif has made my night.
the "hawkins hustle"!!!!! love it jen!!!!!
another reason hill should've stayed in: kendrick doesn't ph in the 5th, then he bats against okert in the 6th.
kendrick would've been the perfect guy to have up there.
don't tell me what to do
this is the most autistic account of all twitter &gt;&gt;
there will be good games there will be bad, it's only the beginning of your career, mess up now to be even better later :)
i know but it's just i've already been told things as well i just gotta improve
yes, because compared refugees to ... a delicious bowl of candy!
i got off a plane today with over 100 refugees coming to america from europe. deal with it bitch!!!!!!!
do democrats want trump to win?
agreed in so far as the complacency in the face of is astonishing
or the best years either
new one on me, there.
wouldn't recommend, then?
i wouldn't, but ymmv - lots of others seem to love it. i think the trailer is a reasonably good approximation of its vibe.
near christmas!
and you've never had a snowy birthday?
thaings that describe hillary that begin with h hitler hell hillary hypocritical hoax half dead hack horrid hatef...
hypochondriac
nah im on it just fine right now
its only on the east coast i guess lol cuz i cant get on or pablo and a few people i know who are from ny cant get on
i do too but make a man feel special and a lil exclusive
dont let them twitter rules leave u desert dry.
i canceled my service.
wait on the lord; be of good courage, and he shall strengthen your heart; wait, i say, on the lord! psalm 27:14
i almost got ran over today doing that
it takes talent to be able to do both.
no amount of ad spending can make hillary appear honest. because she isn't, and never has been. not
preach, dan!
yall both look like shit.
lol damn where that come from
winner of the 4v4 snd am with thanks for everyone who came and watched the stream
can i get a link from anyone on that squad 30+? 2v2 3v3 4v4
night naps always leave me so confused. like did i sleep a couple minutes, hours, days, years? i guess we will never know.
ur avi still cute doe
naw i think paul wins over james lol n james wins over nicole imo
no i seriously think james would beat paul
it won't help to just tweet more empty words to more
figured it out. sent you a request
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
let's not talk about candy anymore let's talk about how sick hillary is with her head bobbing issue
he beat his girl for cheating
i just saw the video, he's wild for that
yeah, he's not a bad option at all. i'm intrigued.
he is going to be 32, but if you monitor his games behind the dish, it can work out.
it's not raining, snowing, or cold. it is the last trip. a campus shuttle that runs on 45' eve headways is awful!
i'm my experience here at stony brook the evening buses are almost always empty, but still run on 5-15' headways
this should be required viewing for every single mba student in america. the shameless stupidity of greed has an ev...
the only one who gives a crap for the rest of us. while bs election roils, she works!
the trailer for this is us continually annoyed me, so i knew the show wouldn't be for me
tbh i didn't like the trailer either but it got such positive reviews that i gave it a chance against my better judgment. oh well
microsoft added some api changes that's delaying the chrome launch since the api needs to "bake" for a bit:
you wouldn't consume uncooked vr would you?
i'm shocked you even watched it then. lol.
i wanted to try to check out every new show... the one i didn't record was bull lol
b/c before arc v aired i read an interview where there are actually two heroes for this story: yuya and yuzu, so naturally this
yuzu even gets her own lady rival (but not over a boy) in s1, which ends up intersecting with important plot-related situations.
sorry i'm confused about what happens. do i become 15 years younger?
once you managed to download snapchat first, we can talk old man.
didn't think i'd be where i am right now
stay up brotha
yea i was about to go off . i know damn well i'm good
ay chill, relax, simmer down. i was at work and didn't get to do full scouting report.
optimist supporters work against big odds in north texas | nbc 5 dallas-fort worth via
you don't have to say "optimist" anymore you can just say "high"
forza horizon 3 preload available and it's 60gb holy hell
niceee i should buy it
agoff - rob my bitch (music video) shot by
proud of you jorge keep it up
it's not that far but the construction of the home and other wireless devices can affect your signal. ^jra
can you send a link to a good wifi range extender?
i thought the iphone 7 could go 30 feet underwater but i put mine 4 feet and it's all fucked up haha
thats the apple watch only haha
that's my couch
we love your couch :)
the next generation of chat apps is users babysitting a conversation between two bots
apps that tell you how to feel
he is going to be 32, but if you monitor his games behind the dish, it can work out.
he's played 1b too, so he can be insurance there as well, which is always nice.
oatmeal is a delicacy
homemade kind is crack
american bernie storie: my broanoke nimmare
directed by nathan lane
excited to urge city councils from and to support tonight!
. says he strongly supports measure a. $950m bond will benefit all cities including .
count me in!
bookmarking for future purchasing reference
happy birthday. don't die in ny
it's looking good on the not dying front, the bank account isn't tho
this just in.
... and it really really doesn't matter
always a bl(ass)t watching the sister play
hold up, why are you home lol don't you have classes? you literally just left
my face
when you come home to food after your practice
that's fucking lit. advise him to steer clear of millwall, arsenal, chelsea, west ham, everton, &amp; man united fans.
lmao he dont watch that sport
goodnight &amp; god bless u all (:
have a good wednesday u all (:
im still doing this!
omg hey!
you guys got this!!!! easy money, study study and you'll have nothing to worry about
thank you!!
to be read in conjunction w just published piece on android
this is all true. but does it really matter? not sure it does.
you are the worst. you are my fried chicken plug that gives me no fried chicken
had a chicken sandwich and fries tho....u mad?
that isn't what wholesale means in this context. they get paid, they kill minorities &amp; then get a paid vacation.
i wanted to be a cop and that was outlined as a perk in the union brochure they gave me. *rolls eyes*
us is in such terrible danger. black people shot on the street; crazy white man close to oval office. wake up.
another. i'm overcome and no longer feel i can believe anything the police say.
wow i was just sitting in the wrong class for 30 minutes
not surprised tbh
some more optimizations are coming in v7 that'll basically make the perf argument invalid.
:cool: i'm slumming it in 4.x and browsersss
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
this drowned baby invalidates your (horrific) argument.
yeah its the sweet spot. an very sensitive area
but it ism its the sweet spot for guys. should never be afraid of something fun
where is the boat?
liberty landing marina in jersey city. we use splitwise, shared calendar/docs folder, whatsapp group for whole operation
blue ice anastasia glow kit and marc jacobs gold yellow cut crease
love your hair!!
i think i just got aids why do these people exist
armen youre so hot
to clean my room or read my book for history... hmmm....
definitely sleep. or eat.
they are going to look back at this time 50 years from now and remark on how profoundly racist our society was
they'll note how fragile &amp; mean we were: quick to attack &amp; slow to forgive. we'll look like monsters.
and the lesson of the video is, "just comply". don't walk at an officer.
oh i totally agree with that! people need to comply. period.
after heavy investigation, i'll now accept my pulitzer. thank you v much.
you lost me at carson wentz is a great player.
riots in charlotte nc thanks obama for your racism &amp; hate for police in usa. hope your communist agenda is rewarded
lol this is ridiculous. obama can't be blamed for everything that happens. that's just intellectually dishonest
i've seen vogt give up on low pitches so many times. throwing it back to the pitcher before the ump gets a look at it.
it's so frustrating when he doesn't try to frame a pitch. like he's too honest, and he thought it was a little low.
isn't it great that we are paying 200k per hour to fly around so he can campaign for terrorist...
who is paying for michelle's fly arounds for dumbacrats?
this is where "15 minutes" narayanaswamy got his coaching from :((
looks like the clip is dubbed by some rss fellow..dont believe it ..
fellas with beards... are you supposed to shave them up to your jawline?
if u want a stronger jawline then right to the jawline but if u got a chubby face then under and want a neck then under.
. says he strongly supports measure a. $950m bond will benefit all cities including .
j mcalister says measure a bond will create jobs and provide across santa clara county.
yes i turned off two-step verification and enabled two-factor authorization (great naming there apple) and now have separate passwords
i went through this today. once it's off go to icloud in system prefs and go to security tab in account.
lmfao bro i dead forgot about the rides. i was talking bout the scary people in costume
lmfaooo they give you a whistle to blow if you're scared and they should leave you alone
yes, because compared refugees to ... a delicious bowl of candy!
hate skittles as refugees, but loved them when they got trayvon martin killed by george zimmerman
trump, jr. is coming to boise to campaign for his dad. if that event's caterer doesn't provide bowls of skittles, i'll be disappointed.
don't eat the orange ones
you're my favorite human being
she's not human
just once i wanna crack a rich guy's big safe
call me when you want to sniff a big guy's rich crack
today, on our 1 month anniversary, happy to report that i still love .
gross. get a room.
i disagree i think he could easily get day, paulie, zakiyah, and nicole's vote tbh and he already has vic's
id love to be able to prove my theory lol only time will tell
marion cotillard is a "9/11 was an inside job" filth
cotillard a step up from jolie but has global warming fever
steven okert at-bat. rare september chance to text your friends.
heartened yo see this, glad to see your sense of humor in tact
happy birthday youre the best and i hope you had a great day
thanks drea ! super glad i've gotten the chance to become friends w/ you deff !
do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning.
see, you aren't that special after all.
live a life you are proud of.
that is what matters the most! totally agreed! :)
white people are the bane of humanity. they commit atrocities on a daily basis &amp; have murdered more people than any other group.
lol. in the face of facts, they block. lol.
thanks! blm leader learning what it's like and seeing a whole new side of things.
i watched and have seen a couple of these and totally agree. i don't think all shots are bad shots! i just think some very much are.
in other news, brad pitt and angelina jolie are divorcing. we did not see that coming.
na sad ako ng beri light. vindicated ba si jen?
thanks boo! my collection of word vomit is now on display. glad you like it!
yes!!! btw speak is interested in having you feature in october!
it wasn't a question
it was a poorly inflected one. as in, "you are within stumbling distance of zeitgeist &amp; yet not there. what is wrong with you?"
quoting thatcher must mean something very different here than it does where i come from. but i also saw a life size trump cutout today, so.
mum wrote a postcard with the address as hong kong, china. that's the equivalent of writing glasgow, england
"i guess i was..."
you said -.-
probably? but i got good ol' forte.
you know he plays for the jets now right?
yeah, i went capo over esso. there are lots of lek-less solutions.
hey are you guys still fighting? let me be the judge here
hmm that's not totally true. you can build a building w 0 parking spaces but you still have to do ceqa.
bc virtually everything has a discretionary decision at some point? this just removes ones.
if you honestly think trump isn't going to throw white supremacists a very large bone indeed--or rather, a hill of them--you're an idiot.
and don't delude yourselves, stein supporters. you will be remembered only as complicit in the horrors trump will allow.
oh, really? everyone at my school had then but you only needed to buy one pack to share w friends
i mean, it was 09-12 so they were def on their way out. i assume most of the kids in the area i worked had iphones instead of ipods.
last week, i locked myself in the garage before helen woke up. b was up, and i'd put her in the exersaucer.
so i used my phone + sonos to play bruno mars' locked out of heaven to wake helen up to let me back in.
sad you have to resort to shaming - let's see how handsome you are lil monkey mike ? btw where is hillary?
fuck off. another candian trying to insert themselves in us politics. build a wall on northern border. no snowbacks!!!!
yes it is. you'd think that great sjw would jump in and yelp about it, right?
seems like bw has moved onto bigger and better things. a real moral compass this guy.
the only thing of that i'm pissed is that masumi would've made a more better lancer b/c she had more involvement b/c of yuzu
it's true, keeping masumi around would have been neat. i'll take what i can get.
no wonder trump campaign was nervous about this investigation.
yep as the plot thickens but many already suspected that trump is a professional conman
yeah but donald trump jr. tweeted an offensive skittles meme.
they are desperate aren't they?
and the lesson of the video is, "just comply". don't walk at an officer.
i think maybe you don't know that my dad was a police officer at one point. i'm not anti-police at all.
ava, phantom, webpack, babel. all build, or non-runtime things. coincidence?
i think not!
yee i bang why what's up you got a problem foo?
yeah i do hamie post up loccdogg
i saw the supposedly it's fake
here's an article by lisa bloom
happy birthday internet stranger (:
thank you comrade
bottom of the ninth, tied 1-1, semien at the plate.
quit swinging at bad pitches. ugh
what's good with you lately
haha i'm on a rampage
people these days... but that squarebody
what the fuck??
i don't remember being taught any grammar at school. all my reports since middle school were covered in red marks and that was it.
like, teachers would note all my run-ons, but i was never taught how to remedy or prevent those habits, and so i keep doing it over and over
josh is way much prettier than that
yeah he is *nods*
debating if i should use my last $30 to buy a ticket to the top of the empire state building and jump off
but think of all the dru- i mean school supplies you can buy with 30!!!
thank you beb ily and miss u sm
i will come visit you again ok
i just thought of the time i was in sf &amp; i was on the muni. i didn't know it was about to go so i wasn't holding onto anything or sitting..
i landed on this couple next to me....
thank you for the math lesson. you just confirmed that we still lead
you said couldn't catch up. we caught up. and gon lead after the next three in a row.
that and the check swing thing. it's like, these are the easiest things to fix. make an effort
yep, exactly
it's a really weird gym
kanye goes there tho
we should all be movie critics, take our talents to the big leagues since we clearly know how to pick em
sophistication like ours is rare
i think maybe you don't know that my dad was a police officer at one point. i'm not anti-police at all.
i am anti "very clearly the officer isn't complying with his rules either" though...
yo shit got real! url/smack
made it to the big stage. i guess they finally paid attention to the body bafs around u boii.
you can't chose! tim burton is too iconic
your amazingly true
oh, gawd. i don't know if i could keep up with all the shows. i'm stressed out.
i'm going to hit a wall when i have to watch more than 3 different shows in a day. i know it.. but easy so far
need weekend plans? watch these episodes of the original macgyver before the series premiere
i hope the reboot is as good as original
title made me think you were gonna barrcast about the konmari method. would have been fun to compare notes:
did any of it resonate with you from a cs perspective? as a non-programmer i found tons of connections...
everything in the south bay is so expensive, like around tocayo ave and coronado ave, like why? this place sucks lol
look more north.....
happy birthday find a house
thank you, these landlords don't seem to like me tho
tal chalozin speaking on vr at . excited to hear his ideas about two-way communication.
i sure hope i lived up for the dream! thanks for the support!
first time to call 911 on someone. why was i shaking? was it from the blood i saw or because it's freezing outside and i'm wearing shorts.
i was disappointed about a couple of things though. there's a queue for 911 and had to wait several mins for the paramedics to arrive.
remember when emin was being so fake me and brendan resorted to talking shit about him right in front of his face
wait this is actually a cute pic
where is the boat?
that plus airbnb listing / local manager to nola house and we're operating smoothly
his speech will make him win.
the fact ishe dont want totake james cause he dont think he can beat him lol
20+ million black men in the us 0.02% killed in criminal homicide 0.012% suicide 0.011% car crash 0.00078% self defense &amp;by cop
i'm black frustrated&amp; afraid. not sure you are either but what you will do is stop trolling my page for a fight.
righestouly every nigga think they really be making metro boomin type beats
they sucking massive amounts of dick
tomorrow. 1v1 snd 1nd 7pm est 2v2 snd 1nd 8pm est 3v3 snd 1nd 9pm est $3 payout free entry signups:
where the 4v4's at?
the scent in the air reminds me of bali, but it's really the smoke from the vandenberg fire. there is nothing romantic about that.
welllllll maybe the thoughts of fresh growth come springtime...
the president said that hate speech "tolerated" in mosques helped give rise to "mindless medieval menace" of isis
if , and other us presidents didn't destabilize the middle east this would of never happen! free oil looked ok!
wow how does everybody know everybody i'm just trying salad over here.
i don't know you but hi
we adopted briggs. (we were fostering him but he managed to talk his way into permanent resident status.)
like every smart immigrant. congrats on the gorgeous addition!
or we can just go out for drinks like adults lol
i don't like to classify myself as an adult
he aint lying tho
michigan fans are just insecure
like, teachers would note all my run-ons, but i was never taught how to remedy or prevent those habits, and so i keep doing it over and over
i didn't know until 20 minutes ago what a contraction is and that it's actually frowned upon.
lit come drive 20 hours and we can all go
golf is lame lol
i love jill, i was going to vote for her but hrc must be stopped, only trump can stop her, unless its totally rigged.
it's totally rigged
@ girls who react to brad and angelina divorcing by claiming "karma" &amp; saying how ang "got what she deserved"..how does it feel to be a pos?
i have absolutely zero time for women pitting other women against each other &amp; generally being nasty mean little girls
do you listen to bad with money? i learned about at xoxo and i'm super into the podcast. ep 2 has a financial therapist!
oh that's awesome! i missed that talk but i should look that up!
fade on sight puto i ain't scared to pull ya know what mean call me sleepy foo
i mean yeah they call you sleepy because you get knocked out all the time
[mixtape] flexx kapone - already major
free promotional pack ...
wow how to distribute devices vr too!
so excited you loved it!! it's an amazing world out there. :)
i do too, however, if all life was precious we wouldnt be having this conversation.
i tweeted an expanded explanation to my following. investigate if inclined. if not, peace be with you till we meet again .
when she goes to drake and future, kanye, big sean, and now the damn bahamas. where you getting this money from?!?...
you, your sister has to be doing illegal shit. like bruh
how about ya all fuck my girl and stretch her pussy out so i can go inside with my body
i guess this kid isnt on the same time as us
i'm watching the voice rn papa i gotta watch this shit and eat my bomb ass posole
bet bro that posole gotta be red af
8 different shows came on for me tonight. i'm not gonna make it.
whoa... were you all caught up?
hahahahaha omg i can hella imagine that and im crying
probably the most embarrassing moment of my life
ticket draw closes tonight - make sure you check your inbox and spam/junk folder for the notification email tomorrow! good luck to all!!!
will this be the last drawing?
fade on sight puto i ain't scared to pull ya know what mean call me sleepy foo
you're lucky you're my boy and i never fade you in class
thank you for the fact check on my retweet.
my pleasure.
it's my 8th night sleeping in a brand new dorm. it's also the 3rd night that my roof is leaking. i don't live on the top floor.
how about we fix this for good instead of "fixing" the problem by simply draining my ac?
there will be on saturday
figures, i work 2-11, but i'm trying to change my schedule, but won't happen til about 2 weeks from now
let's go shopping
my three fav words
listen to my new song called i do
free promotional pack ...
thanks jim, you're a peach.
hope he's not out too long.
fuck all of my "friends". i don't have no friends. fuck all of y'all. all y'all niggas hypocrites and don't really fuck with me.
that's real shit
1st time at today! i had spicy garlic boneless w/ blue cheese dipping....delightful happy t-mobile tuesday!
spicy garlic are the best! &amp; a match made in tuesday history!!!
b i warned u bout them people up der meng. shits a whole 'nother social world up there meng.
it really is b. they hate us and we hate them lol it's real up here.
beautiful basement snek is now free
i trust you two exchanged emails and will have lunch next week to discuss the experience?
i live an equal distance between taco bell and zeitgeist. sometimes it's a difficult choice. sometimes it's easy.
burdian would be proud. or sad. or something.
honestly she had more motive and more reason than shingo.
i like shingo for comic relief, though. i honestly like him more now than i did in s1, even though it's time for him to step up.
it was a degrassi-type show that lasted a season a decade ago.
ah. i love random shows. this is one i wanna find:
lol i've only been working at csc for 2 weeks now and i already hate it...fuck
what is csc
only one i know off the top of my head is lil yachty and i'm ashamed to know that
i know him because of the hair. maybe one of the others is lil uzi vert? seen people tweet about him, idk who he is though
fair enough. like i said, my issue isn't the kneeling. it's punks like ck that kids look up to spouting bs. media eating it up.
all causes have their poster children, but your point is fair.
i want chucke cheese pizza what's wrong with me haven't had that in years
here goes the cra... nvm.
i have absolutely zero time for women pitting other women against each other &amp; generally being nasty mean little girls
i hope u realize that u are playing directly into the negative stereotypes that men/society have placed on us for centuries
best part of the doc is the interview with the photographer
on that part now!
never buying a designer iphone case again them thangs trash
givenchy cases weak, marcelo burlon cases weak too
why is 'into you' such a bop?
it just isss lol
goodnight &amp; god bless u all
have a good wednesday u all
it's a buyer's market in right wing souls. supply overwhelming demand.
your girl is eyeballing tax increases. save up!
hell no. i just watched 2. i can't do all that shit. lmao.
hmm guess who's gonna be the new tv encyclopedia :)
there are no favorites only those who bring me goodies
i'm that case, i win
she knows she can't beat any of them lol
lol i dont care what happens i just want james to win lol
we're done. for today
well for the record, lek is legit. as are most currencies.
b do y'all even have a beach or sumin?
too cold to go to the beach lol it's near us too haha
limerick number two of the day (160920):
can i play? i love !
grey ghost...told you that we had really bad service at calexico :-(
the detroit guys are working on it, don't give up on us yet!
got my c100 today. so naturally i'm nerding out by watching tip videos on youtube before shooting with it tomorrow.
!!!!! jealous! can't wait to see all the things you slow-mo with it!
there's a phi sig who graduated from sonoma state in 2011 in my anatomy class like what a small world
ssu nursing program still causing her problems almost 6 years later
i hope u realize that u are playing directly into the negative stereotypes that men/society have placed on us for centuries
all i'm sayin is, be better. look out for other women instead of standing by shitty men. just a thought.
fair enough. like i said, my issue isn't the kneeling. it's punks like ck that kids look up to spouting bs. media eating it up.
my issue is the systemic injustice more than police shootings. i think if the culture were not so racist, that would even out....
bringing the moves to tonight! shoutout to the fan who caught his jacket!
that person is so lucky!
yh great day for xbox fans. fh3 90+ metacritic, gears 4 soon then dr4. shits gonna be lit!
shit is lit my friend
join gibbs' team in : hidden crimes! find it for free on the &amp; :
i think you hit a home run with the 2 new additions. excellent premiere episode
yeah but donald trump jr. tweeted an offensive skittles meme.
skittles are candy says candy co
that would be great!
hey would you mind emailing me your mailing address so i can help make it right? dave.net thanks!
when school starts late night gym sessions will be a routine..
link up with
always &amp; forever!
link up for lunch soooooooooon
tried to do laundry woke up on the basement floor an hour later covered in drool. lest attractive birthday of all time. fuck jet lag.
this made my evening haha. thank you!
love able to reach to our parents to let them know about city wide alert to make sure everyone stays safe. they appreciated it!
hope everything is okay?
maybe he paid the media off? this will be the fourth alleged rape case toward trump.
here's the federal court record for this case
president obama called on the world to do more for today
in the spirit of pres. obama's refugee summit today, i'm doubling my goal to $1,000 to help feed dc's hungry.
man up, i'm literally ashamed of u
i'm wide awake though. something u might not neva know nothin' bout
just so everyone knows, i'm not advocating rape, just a thought to process. you figure someone would say something sooner.
read the affidavits, they're in the thread or search my name &amp; affidavits
go for it. i've watched enough shows. lol.
i don't want it if you don't... lmao
nice language, jordan. good to see you haven't changed at all.
you know me mr. mcgiveron i'ma always be that same nigga from 6th grade.
cloning machines aren't a thing, there's only one of me.
sorry to hear this, maybe next time. next 2v2 am i can see you winning. haha
yes i did. women said lbj was warned not 2 b n car w/jfk.
wtf w/secret service?if i was the officer told2 get off bumper i would've shot myboss that told me2 immediately
tried to do laundry woke up on the basement floor an hour later covered in drool. lest attractive birthday of all time. fuck jet lag.
also happy birthday! hopefully tomorrow is better!
maybe they call me sleepy cause i'll knock your ass straight to sleep what's up
i mean if you wanna get pedigreed to the ground and shiih
all im gunna say dont get two jobs itll burn you out
i don't think i have time in my schedule for 2 jobs anyways
hey matthew how's ny for you?
pretty good the nice weather very clam how is everything in yoru area
it's okay i hate being cold tbh, but spending the holidays in snow country w bae this year for the first time ever
it makes me think of that disney movie where they steal the weather machine &amp; try to make it snow in la
hooray! time for ice cream!
cookies and cream ice cream is the best!
see how your favorite stars spent their first days on set
welcome quinn!! looking forward to your stories this season!
moms got deleted off the book though
bc she asked you to buy her food or what lmao
here's what you can expect on the season premiere of : | sun, 10/2 at 9/8c
love the hell out of madame secretary.
that sucks. i think someone steal them. what do you think about that?
yes. that hurts my heart.
love to all you wcs peeps! have a great conference
awww. can't you come??? we'll miss you
a lady in the streets .........
a freak in the sheets!!!
rivers.
rivers rivers rivers rivers
who's in my mentions?
your literally in my mentions again.
all i'm sayin is, be better. look out for other women instead of standing by shitty men. just a thought.
ok honestly thank u &amp; if anything he got what he deserved bc cheater &amp; is losing his family so
know its 2 early, but have gr8 wednesday &amp; gr8 wknd coming up. fall starts tomorrow. jay
yes, its wednesday here now and autumn starts on thursday at 10:21am est !
what's the one book that changed your life?
the plague, by albert camus.
this reminds me of how 'make -j' will set the number of jobs to infinity and lock up your system, because that is a good default
remember the original unix's "killall" command?
the craziness
screaming at that shoe at the end though.
the games in la &amp; oakland were going at roughly the same pace until the 5th. now a's are in 10th, dodgers starting bottom 7th.
the power of pedro baez. and an injury.
j mcalister says measure a bond will create jobs and provide across santa clara county.
. council agrees to formally support and endorse measure a. !!
alright. i guess we will re-visit this on oct. 8.
of course like we been doing the last six years. i ain't join twitter till 2011 though. lol still didn't win then!
woohoo! we're glad you're enjoying the perks that come with your status.
it wasn't just the perks! it was the kindness your hotline reps had when i misbooked a ticket. they made it all better
that's what i have so i just pay for the phone and switch when the new ones come
same ! but i don't want the 7 tho lol
i'm low key mad as hell bc i just got sick out of nowhere and my roommate was like "yeah i've been sick since school started" bitch
like you really couldn't warn nobody? we fucking live together!
if you have to be up at 5 30 in the morning whats an ideal time to go to sleep?
u only need 4-6 hrs of sleep
honestly why is this actually us doing stupid shit at every practice
and people think we can dance....
tim tell this fool how sick the owns are
yeah it is real full of owns!! the first one (olympus has fallen) is also ownful
rt + follow us for a chance to tix to jack's 11th show feat. jane's addiction, the cult, garbage &amp; more!
please broes i have 2 hands addiction tattoos i need thisssss
well, there's this thing called jury management.
something she didnt think of lol
when your line match is your roommate... oh hey, where are you off to?!
oh my god that happened to me a few weeks ago and it totally freaked me out haha!
goodnight &amp; god bless u all
have a good wednesday u all
ok honestly thank u &amp; if anything he got what he deserved bc cheater &amp; is losing his family so
ya like honestly its just pissing me off that i see other girls saying shit like "oh the whore got what she deserved" like..wut
half of my followers are !
i am a woman, secure in my feminity, smart, educated,talented, and i love and support donald trump for president!
girl you k n o w i will be waiting in golden gate park until he arrives
ima be there with you c r y i n g
you really can't trust anyone these days..
cause people end streaks for no reason like it's nothing
i just hope you got this same energy in person
i don't know what this means. but your avi look like u got phones for sale. how much?
they use to try and say we like cousins ok but we not
they tried y'all.
my new laptop doesn't have an hdmi out port. frustratn! i have to buy a usb-c to hdmi dongle. i hate dongles
sounds like you had a bad day
ok honestly thank u &amp; if anything he got what he deserved bc cheater &amp; is losing his family so
i keep tryin to go to sleep and keep seeing so many problematic things on here ugh
.: and get every into this year. you promised. now deliver.
.: and get every syrian refugee child into school this year. you promised. now deliver.
we gotta go to a diner. i need cheesecake and tea
ooh yes a whole lot of tea
rt + follow us for a chance to tix to jack's 11th show feat. jane's addiction, the cult, garbage &amp; more!
broes i need this i have 2 janes addiction tattoos pick me :'(
i was in the airport and they were calm but when they saw that the guys can't take a picture the mess begin
crowding and blocking them from exiting is not okay. they didn't ask you to wait at the airport..
.: and get every syrian refugee child into school this year. you promised. now deliver.
.: and get every syrian refugee child into school this year. you promised. now deliver.
she didn't give them to anyone, they were inside and people just took them with them
gey gaga told me to take mine so
ya like honestly its just pissing me off that i see other girls saying shit like "oh the whore got what she deserved" like..wut
literally!!! and saying how oh jen must be so happy i mean she's not a mean lil girl as u so perfectly put so prob not??
long bart ride home and 46% battery, ama
guessing the is on its way? ;)
as a member of this world i have to voice the truth to save the world. monkey boy are you a paid seat filler for the dnc
u dont have a say in shit! stick to canada politics fuckhead. u sneak in our country and wish u were american. hillary 2017-25
bigger things to complain about!!!
like bitch its a burger joint! go to a vegan house &amp; stfu! lmao
she didn't give them to anyone, they were inside and people just took them with them
gaga told me to take one so i did
happy morning everyone. keep the love on fire -m
goodmornight aldubnation hello bibi girl n bibi boy!!!
moving tomorrow...think i'm gonna throw up
pics or it didn't happen.
i keep tryin to go to sleep and keep seeing so many problematic things on here ugh
my entire life story
.: and get every syrian refugee child into school this year. you promised. now deliver.
.: and get every syrian refugee child into school this year. you promised. now deliver.
that's what brings in the kids.
shameless pandering to the masses.
follow my ig klnpoetry and give me some love
i really like your theme for this instagram tbh its so aesthetic af
totally! i just signed up to be notified when i get it, that's a nice feature.
i signed up months so, this better give me some sort of priority. but it probably won't
my favorite thing about working on video games, is that you can justify design choices with "the result is more fun".
i think at its best, did (does?) this as well.
how did he even got in there?
why is this something i feel josiah would've done as a kid
live on : let's have a drink
.... i didn't even get a notification. this is bullshit!! ... maybe doesn't want me to watch you
that nature tho. where was it filmed?
davenport, ca. just an hour away from silicon valley :)
bunkerville. now bundystan. old days. happy days. gone days. 1921 tommie gun ad.
that depiction needed a lot of indians and tons of buffalo strewn about
.: and get every syrian refugee child into school this year. you promised. now deliver.
.: and get every syrian refugee child into school this year. you promised. now deliver.
no offense but i'm crying bc thanks for reading random shit i put on twitter and saying this
i love you so much and dont degrade urself . its not random. its pure genuine raw art .
awww. just watch it without him. lol.
i will and i do.. just more fun.. he needs shit to explode and guns lol
they person this white boy will ever cross up. and he didn't break ankles, that's dem hips bruh
fuck my fat ass thumbs and auto correct only** not they
whenever i'm bored i always start to do my makeup and i start with one side first but then i get lazy to finish the other side n i be
sitting here with half my face done
omgggg i don't think i've ever seen that movie but now i want to
haha, i found it on google:
literally!!! and saying how oh jen must be so happy i mean she's not a mean lil girl as u so perfectly put so prob not??
exactly like, celebrity aside, i would like to think she would feel for ang. why are ppl so vindictive lol this aint ur life!
divisiveness is a tactic. why united we stand against tyranny. right to arms is 2fight govt controlled society.
so you feel controlled by the government? i feel very free. the fact that we can talk against anything is proof
oh god you to with that show.. pops have been telling me for weeks to watch it
lol it's worth it, give it a try
sara documented the exact minute like 75% of us lost our voices this weekend, 100% worth it
no!! rin is the best!!
feelin hella empty :(
it'll be alright man at least we have each other
what we know about the terence crutcher police shooting in tulsa, oklahoma:
everyone is very quiet on colin kapernik
goodnight &amp; god bless u all (:
have a good wednesday u all (:
rather than working hard to protect americans, obama is once again looking out for himself and his "legacy"
as it's been for 7 years, it's all about obama. he doesn't care about america!
i bought the $100 ultimate edition just because it comes out earlier and because season pass lmao
tell me if it's worth okay?
yeah dude scaryyyy stuff! be careful driving in the rain!
yeah will do! but be careful ashurri! cant have ya die on me
absolutely ridiculous to let pence attack clinton foundation. rein in guests before they use yr network as yet another commercial
totally agree you were too soft. hold them accountable &amp; don't allow deflections. enough already
my sleep playlist
please tell me you're going to slip lavender town theme in there for halloween
fall starts thursday. sorry 4 misleading tweet. jsy
you were technically correct for me since i am in ny! :)
so excited to welcome our brand new class of 2016 apms to twitter. more details on how to apply for next year's c...
don't forget to follow them!
i'm for sure face timing my dorm and everything, i'm gonna miss you so much bff. love ya
love you too
it's more important to me having more people with my products than to have more money.
i volunteer to be one of those people
yeah, i get that too. honestly, the photo comparing one thing with another is a crock though in my opinion...
i know you feel that way. i think it's apt though, which i am sure you know too.
nice work maer!! what was your time?
dude, it was hell. i ended up doing the regular wod (5x10), managed to finished it in 7:02.
divisiveness is a tactic. why united we stand against tyranny. right to arms is 2fight govt controlled society.
i think the chinese, cubans, venezuelans, middle east... they are controlled and oppressed not us.
halloween horror nights worked out with all five of us im so fkcnnd excited
the day will start out with four of us squeezed in the backseat and all of us dying at the end of the night
real shit who used the fuckin red plate in suite 506
i'm tired of being attacked
lmao!! now i want in and out
me tooo !!! with a shake
who's on the account right now?
couldn't tell you that
what if... is iris? maybe ali would go straight?
!humaygad!!!let me be iris fairy godmother! even for a day!
yeah, i get that too. honestly, the photo comparing one thing with another is a crock though in my opinion...
i'm not trying to change your mind, it's just how i feel about it.
going away party for your boy tomorrow at 930 be there
so you did decide on a going away party
i think obama should . so does , , . don't you?
what does trump think? isn't he the guy you're supporting?
that is disgusting. never show that again.
"christian"...lol
goodnight &amp; god bless u all (:
have a great wednesday u all (:
exactly like, celebrity aside, i would like to think she would feel for ang. why are ppl so vindictive lol this aint ur life!
glad u understand n honestly feel bad for ppl like that bc hate n anger is so exhausting so
i actually enjoy running
you need some holy water? i got plenty to spare
i know hella messed up lol still is
lmfao frfr!! but he bigggg mad !
kessel's injured you guys always forget but okposo or ryan or johnson or bonino all could've replaced some of this roster joke.
he wasn't hurt when the initial roster was announced...
what show should i catch up/focus on?
agents of shield left me emotionally traumatized for a week do it
fair enough. then the argument should be re-framed. i'd respect that. that is not how it is played by blm or the media today...
i agree! but it has to get into people's minds somehow and nobody thinks lawmakers can be changed... except bernie. :-)
lmao! d'aww. that's nice that you watch shows with him. lol.
that's how i started my tv addict days.. back in 2001 watching 24 together lol..
did any of it resonate with you from a cs perspective? as a non-programmer i found tons of connections...
reading our posts, i think we landed at a different places about why her method matters. ps konmari at...
how putrid is hillary? 68% of white, working class voters will not vote for her. that's what happens when you embrace wall st, gut labor.
that is a massive sweeping generalization considering how how this election has gone and trump's platform.
another trump shoe drops report requires moderator to query trump on foundation and refusal to release taxes.
where did potus get the $$ to set up a sub rosa organization to defeat bibi last year?
stop being a coward and speak up for once.
you get respect that way and that's just it.
because you are brainwashed, stupid and wrong.
i'm sorry, i'm not into name calling, god bless and good luck.
goodnight; know that tomorrow, you are the hamster and your day is the carrot
(this may be a little brow-furrowing for a second but think on it)
we all knew he wasnt over it, my poor baby
look at his face
based on the past few weeks, they have a 67% chance of winning if someone failed at no-hitting them. we will win!
well it does not look to promising at the moment. come on win at home.
damn! that's exactly what i needed to hear
you're welcome elena you deserved to hear that it is all so true (:
is the ultimate contest between irrelevance vs apathy vs disinterest! who will come out on top?!
is so obscure no one knows what these useless tweets are about
honestly. i haven't watched a tv show like this is us in a very long time.
its not my thing usually but i really enjoyed it, felt real but not depressing.. think i needed that
its official.. 10 days until my birthday! yay
happy 23rd bday beautiful
maybe i'm biased bc i have very few instances in my life in which men have had positive impacts. but i just love supporting women
and it makes me v sad to see some girls who have learned to hate and shame other women instead of find kinship w them
omg thank you, jasmin said that too but it wasn't even aesthetic on purpose, i just wanted an even amount of poems and photos
well.. the aesthetic came to life tbh
life is simple, it's just not easy... good morning all
good morning! life can be happy if it stys simple
omg thank you, jasmin said that too but it wasn't even aesthetic on purpose, i just wanted an even amount of poems and photos
i wish i was this clever i'm
how difficult was it climbing up that ? looks tricky to me .
i had sticky gloves and it was definitely concentration
because it's terrible for you and you should never take it
and inconvenience the world with an offspring rn? chill, sis
sharing: the ultimate test of friendships everywhere.
specially when it comes to chocolate! not when it comes to chicken pox.
fair enough. then the argument should be re-framed. i'd respect that. that is not how it is played by blm or the media today...
and i have black friends too who would say it's just as bad the other way coming from conservative media... which is dominant.
so excited to welcome our brand new class of 2016 apms to twitter. more details on how to apply for next year's c...
don't forget to follow them
happy 16th birthday ! so happy i could spend a few hours with you today. love you so much
i love you, thanks for coming to see me
ugh i love luke bryan, sam hunt, blake shelton, garth brooks, cole swindell, thomas rhett, &amp; dustin lynch
i knew i was forgetting one!!! my bby
what if they're made of kombucha scoby?
i would rather not contemplate the idea
happy birthday!cutieeeehonestly sweetest person i've met!
awh love you!
bochy says relievers need to earn more responsibility. (okert raises hand).
about time bochy give the kids a chance, the vets certainly aren't up to par. perhaps now is the time to find the next big 3
fair enough. then the argument should be re-framed. i'd respect that. that is not how it is played by blm or the media today...
no one is right here. the more people dig in though, the less likely we are going to able to fix it.
what is a virtual chain? i take it filecoin will be a app token on ethereum?
yes, i don't get the "virtual chain" part? filecoin will be a token issued on the ethereum blockchain afaik
which phi phi's song is ur favorite so far?
a tie between i need you and battle scars
i don't even know how it started for me. lmao.
i didn't even have the internet back then and i wasn't making lists of shows,just random trailers. pops more a movie head tbh
happy birthday to this queens/o to you for always keepin it real baby, love you
thanks mamasita, te quiero
just got my package from england. the american editions don't have these updated covers or design
both covers suck. neither looks anything like derek jacobi. sheesh.
is this how jennifer aniston really reacted to brad pitt's divorce from angelina?
she must be saying yepee with glee
of course i have a dick pic on demand
looks lovely dude. kudos!
listen, i always wants the a's to win, but i don't really mind the astros. if they get to the postseason, fine with me
i am rooting for cubs this year. sorry going national league..
i'm sending all my bush signed pictures and christmas cards back ...
makes me sick
i'd like to have words with the person who decided to put jumping puzzles in mmos.
the mountain is awful i died 10000 times today for one dumb dormant virus cluster argh
i want korean bbq so fucking bad
me too let's go
all excellent, stellar. we need to reward them, the journalists who are wading thru the shit to get to the truth
agree, i thank them every day! let's keep it up
kardashians...brangelina....a possible president trump...this is how it happened...
i'm interested, elaborate
one thing i hate is when people touch up on the negative things in my past that has nothing to do w em...
i'm an emotional ass person and everything i've been through still affects me
that was you who ended it tho
not this time hoe
and it makes me v sad to see some girls who have learned to hate and shame other women instead of find kinship w them
like literally instead of girls saying oh wow im proud of ang for standing up 4 herself, girls are calling her a whore????
also, no way you put lek there, right? i mean ... right?
yeah definitely can get around that
on my body. so open ur fucking eyes
eye spy gross nails and bare shoulder
back in san francisco
1. awesome picture 2. yay! see you tomorrow?
what's your favorite slackbot you use? why that bot?
send emails to slack. reply all is where good convos go to die in the inbox. love pushing an email to channel and discussing there.
your eye makeup looks bomb tho!!! bless
awww ur the sweetest it's a mess but thanks
they might get it when throwing gays off roofs and beating women for going outside is legal
and only then that will be an issue. i don't base my life on what-ifs, or fears.
you were able to complete a lap? i always get rammed off the road by an ai a few turns in.
i did whatever the super beginner stuff is (go karts?)
that will be my next phone. but probably a year out or so. i like the 6. and my headphones.
too bad isn't playing nice with my . btw, i love my wireless and can't wait for the !
like literally instead of girls saying oh wow im proud of ang for standing up 4 herself, girls are calling her a whore????
v problematic and worrisome. alrighty folks that's all for tonight off 2 bed i go
i see this suggestion and i raise you a walmart in rural nc at 3am.
yeah but are you there right now?
not with an attitude like that i'm not
oh please let's all be good spore-ts
ha! bernie folded to hillary like a limp noodle, then got money from her! don't think i'll vote for trump though. libertarian.
that's good! libertarians are a reminder of why we, as a country, are who we are in the first place!
it's so cool how you made that picture lol
it's so fun i can't stop
goodnight &amp; god bless
have a good wednesday
funny how fast i dump knowledge when i transition from one project to another. - "how does..." - "i don't know." - "you wrote it?" - "..."
which slays me. "hey, do you remember what you were thinking when you wrote this in 99?" "i'm lucky if i can recall lunch"
as soon as the queen puts that sword 2 your shoulder &amp; u become a knight of the round table u get all the tues u need 2 protect the kingdom.
tues are funny, knighthood is funny, the uk is laughable but still no one likes this joke
name the members of got7
i don't listen to k pop..
fashion week may be over, but there's still the wicked funny and fashionable novel "the knockoff"...see my review a...
thank you!!!
means nothing today. y'all just took one of the biggest losses in program history and were ranked in the top 10. po...
and how bad is it gonna feel after a 7th straight loss knowing we lost to somebody by 43. gonna suck.
how conservatives treat their senior statesman, when he dares to disagree.
trump is mob connected just like his buddy putin.
beyond excited bout to be so lit
i'm gonna be standing on a table at liv with a bottle of d'usse goin brazy brazy
never set on just one coverage. i like mixing zone and man for blitzs..
definitely, just talking in general
her generation destroyed the economy so her ankles had to pay the price
this looks like if someone illustrated the back of an and1 shirt
but the photo is obviously creepy and i wonder what the context is.
trump was delivered a subpoena for epstein's child rape cases but after meeting they "felt" he was $afe
the office!
i saw an episode of the office a few years ago where they made these folder pancakes
i'm an emotional ass person and everything i've been through still affects me
so if you touch up on that shit that's sooooo low of you. specially if you claim to know me so well
"invented optogenetics, an experimental method involving the use of light to make neurons fire one at a time, opening new vistas to understa
nd the mechanisms behind depression and other psychiatric illnesses"
me trying to fix my lbz lol.
for real
trump was delivered a subpoena for epstein's child rape cases but after meeting they "felt" he was $afe
epstein was asked about his relationship with trump at his trial and he pled the 5th
what do you do when you wanna be blonde forever but you're gonna go bald
flax oil + living in denial :) my weakness is the flat iron
house 2 maybe? reanimator?
which "house" had that old cowboy? my vote for least scary scary movie
it was alriiight i lw hated clarke
i thought the show was cool in the beginning but towards the end it got more and more boring
when you ask me what i'm doing today and i say, "nothing"...that doesn't mean i'm free. i'm literally doing nothing
this is important
the announce a four-year player development contract with the modesto nuts () of the high-a c...
it's a lot cooler than bakersfield and closer to the bay area
republicans failed when they chose trump as nominee.
don't be a sore loser. get on board with our republican nominee. trump!
i'm in concord, ca and i can smell the gas.. who do i sue?
stay indoors
dear god, even timothy mcveigh was entitled to due process.
of course he was. it was never an issue until these clowns came along.
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
that is exactly how i feel about your father, you, and the rest of your family. you are disgusting.
the problem with pepe, as i see it, is that it's a niche meme that when co-opted, most "normies" had no idea of its origins.
you're the one that has been co-opted. pepe is a meme of love.
so if you touch up on that shit that's sooooo low of you. specially if you claim to know me so well
literally you're opening old wounds, and that shit is the most painful
awww haha, pa la otra i hope he gives y'all a shoutout.
goals if he does but dude you are part of us you, me &amp; ruby were the three musketeers
play antidote at my wedding
this is my weddings anthem
did they credit you as the author?!?! i remember reading his tweets with you!
what the what. your password questions were one of the highlights of and my road trip,
new yeezy reserves wya??
you know the grind
we'll give you jered weaver and cj wilson
orrrrrrrrrr kole calhoun and trout?
at , egypt's sissi urges palestinians to look to egypt's 'wonderful' example on how to reach peace with israel...
israel does not control the sinai anymore as it occupies the west bank and east jerusalem
this boy that i'm texting literally just sent me this......
i just threw up
i always feel bad after work that i can only lurk and listen to my favorite streamers while i get house stuff done. :(
i'm here for you baby..
it's either raining outside or someone is peeing directly outside of my window and has been for 20 minutes please go to a doctor
its not raining wtf is that noise
whenever i tell ppl i used to be a twin before it died before birth ppl be so sad and giving me condolences and shit
maybe i'm just a dickhead but that shit doesn't make me sad lmao i'm happy i made it out
here's the federal court record for the case
and here's an article on it
too bad isn't playing nice with my . btw, i love my wireless and can't wait for the !
that said, i just got the chargers that rock! wish it works with the .
lead story in tonight's letter: staying mum as he preps for the 9/26 debate
i like lester. needs a bit of a personality, tho.
we're committed to rebuilding trust with our customers and the public.
our trust is broken i closed all my accounts with today . john you should resign, and give back all money you took
between donald trump, the fake "all lives matter" movement, and police brutality the us is taking major l's this year. i'm embarrassed.
i told my anthro teacher about your marc video and several other people i love your knowledge
if only that response was without "try" &amp; "hole"
at least you got a response. lmao. does she still have that farm somewhere
. seriously? what's next, crank calls to ask if her refrigerator is running? {facepalm}
well is it?! the people have a right to know!!!!!!!111
*scratches head *
lol we all been there
thank you ;)
looking good &lt;3
i'm sure i'll like it and have a good cry!!!
i always will have a good shoulder variable for you, freckles
i'd like to have words with the person who decided to put jumping puzzles in mmos.
it's just, like, two words, right? and one of them is "you"?
i love this family. i love this family. i love this family.
we love you. we love you. we love you.
power rankings since arrived in la: 1. bumgarner (pre-incident) 2. nunez 3. cueto 4. (with a bullet) shaggy stevie overt
is all business
these are soooo good!!!!
ahhh thank u cathi;;; everyone seems to like these despite me not liking them very much
write me one
maybe when im famous
lol. yeah. idek how i used to keep up before i had internet. i guess on demand saved me. lol.
2001 we didn't have on demand lmao
you have the same birthday as my brother!
that's amazing
do they do this during nighttime on the upper west side? or just south harlem? ...
are you saying they don't do this on west 73rd street at 1am?
so i forgot to show you what i picked up this weekend...
\o/ yay!!! hopefully you enjoy it :)
don't got to tell me twice, i've been meaning to knock you out for a min now
i wanna see this , $100 what's up
can i just hang out with the dog pleeeaaassseeeeee
that dog is so fucking cute i actually gasped
had a stupendous dinner at today thanks to first time tried every variety of wings on a single day!!
best part only charged 18$ for 4 beers amazing experience
can i pay one of u to log into my email and open the 428 unread ones so the notifications go away without deleting them
settings&gt;mark all as read
new photo for my meme album
i look like satan in the last one
did anyone ever tell the backstreet boys why?
no, but i did hit brittney spears one more time.
ima watch the rest tomorrow when i get off work buttt yeah that show is really good.
its about to go down
begging ridiculously?
wut wut lol
i saw it in kuwait (so parts were cut). i liked it... didn't learn a lot new about govt surveillance but learned more about snowden.
thanks! i'll probably get sucked into seeing it.
nootropics for everyone boyz
do not spoi our announcements please.
you always spell something wrong
he really does
fuck being there anymore
lol i'm for damn sure not that girl no more i got me a keeper now
friggin' eating this up! these are what actually matters. from 's the subtle art of not giving a f*ck.
i need this book asap
did he notice that he himself is copying memes and cites from white supremacist web sites?
ooh wish i would have added that.
looking for a web designer
we are experts in services in . visit our portfolio email to leads.com
thats cuz my brain is good
its cause were freakingmexicans lol well im half lol
packed house this morning at the sungard availability services exhibit booth at oracle open world
not surprised, you guys rock, congrats!
yep. anyone know how i'm supposed to dispose of this thing?
stab it with a knife. (don't do that. recology has a battery collection. most tech stores do as well.)
. but maybe it could gather underlings and admin would have reasons to support them
i think a personal conversation w admin w a benefit sheet could be a way
nbc does a story on drastic ratings drop and doesn't say a word about anthem protests...
nfl could require anthem protesters to do it in locker room and emerge only after its sung but they are pc conflicted
folks who are interested in long term relationships, what relationship dynamic would be ideal for you?
me him no rugrats
you mean you couldn't hear it from home on those winter nights with your windows open?
apparently not!
"omg you have a huge bonus!"
they say size doesn't matter but having a huge bonus does.
heads-up: girls make games hit its kickstarter goal, but you can still help 'em out (and score a rad t-shirt at $30...
oh hey thank you! appreciate the shout out :)
i was about to say bitch!
i mean i would go swim but i have no energy left
this what you gotta tell your girl after y'all get into an argument
worked perfectly
this how i know u white smh
the fray is for the people
aww no, he secretly looks at your tweets ;)
how knows if he does but i wish he do tho :/
whattt show is this
it says it at the end of the video
bill bixby &amp; mariette hartley sounds winning to me.
found 2 episodes on youtube posted in '09 by someone who apparently was a follower of harold camping. hasn't posted since '11.
is not sucking up. is realizing that hillary is toast. sucking up to the new president.
sharon enjoy your new president (if elected). don't need him for anything! money, education bs, i own.
he would've been top 5 in the league right now.
at least 8 chips
i don't know what's going to kill me quicker; the mets or diabetes.
at the moment the mets! all too familiar unfortunately
well than stay ignorant. don't say things you know nothing about
lol, i'm ignorant, this coming from a deplorable
well, on a traffic stop you are required to produce identification. it's a good question though, even passengers need to!
yeah that's reasonable but always wonder why all parties must provide identification?
either the one with norm or the one with cliff
yeah, looks like it was house 2: the cliff one (and bill maher!?!)
only black mark was huge. blown save against sd last week.
tough high leveraged spot right after he came up...&amp; who doesn't have a blown save in that pen?
i seriously hate that word , i will look at you like you fucking stupid
y'all i slapped my lil sister one day for saying that
we must be doing good tonight. lots of spammers!
thank you for your dedication &amp; taking on this role!
i just broke up with yo bitch ass
lol you can't break up with me if i already broke up with you
the voice coaches are my favorite
seriously it's sooo funny to watch this season
eric trump is my boyfriend now. *swoons*
lol. just keep your claws off don jr.... i can get ghetto.
we all learn from our mistakes&amp; make a better selection . i got me a keeper as well
definitely. happy for you mama it's a genuine feeling!
well, on a traffic stop you are required to produce identification. it's a good question though, even passengers need to!
yeah he asked for my identification while changing a tire lol, real odd
do i really need another messaging app on my phone? who am i kidding i'm gonna try allo just to see the design.
timing of allo release *just* after ios 10 massively enhanced imessage feature set seems unfortunate though.
as an american living in china, maybe this is a silly question, but can you define "candid discussion"?
candidness about the many wisdoms of chinese civilization, ofc. nota bene: the number "64" is unfit for candid conversations.
umm who tf are you to give me attitude bruh
like that is so irritating . we ain't shit so don't come at me w/your bs like especially if im trying to be nice
there's a restaurant that seems to be serving good poutine i should try it
poutine, tho i've gone to canada a couple times before,still need to try it.
of course haha homie taught me some a1 honors geometry
how the fuck he find me aj wtf bruh.
duke: where we goin'? coulter: north. china spring. duke: where spring? coulter: relax, ape. he's white. jones: i need bathroom! now! noww!!
i thought 's trump conversations would peter out. i was wrong. greatest political satire since early-aughts doonesbury
meet the players 2016. looking forward to a great event tonight!
hopefully forbort's jersey gets spell-checked before the season...
nothing you could possibly say could make me excited about voting for hillary.
regretfully voting for hilary is sorta like conceding your right to vote
that's what gets the dick hard.
that's what get you blocked
so help that comes after other help is judged as less helpful even when more help is needed? or did watt fix everyt...
i don't understand what a protest against police killing people has to do with "helping the community."
i could have sent axew, but i think it's way too "op" for anyone to handle! xd
omg lol one rock smash = shattering the world into pieces
i thought we discussed this to death already
i missed the past discussion, soz.
mine would fail to unlock if my arm was below the desk/metal drawer.
d'oh, my bluetooth wasn't turned on. thanks, bub!
hillary clinton, who tells dreadful lies via
start running ads of hrc yelling "what difference does it make" about bengazi, bury her 4 good
that's what gets the dick hard.
and that's what gets you blocked
tbh i don't know, pray to god or something. you are going to be lucky if you survive 5 seconds in their presence
how am i gonna survive the whole weekend with this beautiful cast i just
"if my frnd was in dire need id b there no matter what" says while mkng no attempt 2 plan a drive to vicki's hospital.
oh &amp; kelly never drinks beer. i call bs! i couldn't drink beer no matter what the situation is. she's an alcoholic (kelly)
let's start making people understand this
say it louder for the people in the back.
so help that comes after other help is judged as less helpful even when more help is needed? or did watt fix everyt...
unless kaepernick should be helping educate police on how to be less violent.
we're committed to rebuilding trust with our customers and the public.
john gerard stumpf you should return all your personal earnings for the last 2 years and then maybe we can trust .
the only upside of trump winning is if we survive it, nothing like him will ever be allowed again. see: nazis.
the problem throughout history is that we never learn a damn thing without many, many people dying first. if then. but usually only then.
ahha he peeped you roasting them ugly miami fans
yeah it was bound to happen.
come to instead!!
also does not have iphone 7plus. tried a lot whole from friday. finally gave up.
y'all can thank for ruining the celebration
. wait i had an idea. this is why they pay me the big bux
conspirators being new york are nothing. nothing comes from ny but the song imelda sang en route. if they are in langley, you have a problem
excuse me but we have the best bagel and cream cheese for desayuno!
it's not compatible?
yep, looks like is already working on their chargers. not sure the dual cameras work with the form factor.
check out-"jfk to 911 everything is a rich man's trick' on youtube. it's a good one. bunch on gwbush &amp; jfk assassin
i will thanks. listened to interview w/grassy knoll shooter on you tube still in prison ,but now dead maybe
give that tram some sand
some traction.
revelation 18:2 fulfilled
this is truly creepy
y'all can thank for ruining the celebration
. wait i had an idea. this is why they pay me the big bux
yes, i learned about vantablack yesterday and can't stop thinking about it.
all vatablack everything
me: "i'm so tired of her bro. swear i'm done with her idgaf. i hate her" her: come thru i miss you me:
at least your real tho!!!
my brother's always mentioning one of his friends from preschool &amp; i asked if that was his best friend &amp; he said "no ur my only best friend"
this is so cute wtf. marcel where you at, why can't you be like this
they are in nc standing up for voters rights
the occupy people saw they were being played by the left and the dnc and are voting trump now.
to the 9th....
that means an l
like that is so irritating . we ain't shit so don't come at me w/your bs like especially if im trying to be nice
like i thought we left off in good terms but fuck you
another thing about monument kids: just because y'all live in the mountains doesn't make you a professional photographer chill
like i don't mean to get all "i go to art school so i would know," but like focusing our camera on a leaf doesn't make it art
thanks diana that's how i like to be treated
we all know who really wins
lmao crazy thing is you begged for me back and we got back together
bruhhhhhh like everyone can see the tweets when you said you wanted me back and i can post the texts too
dodgers fans. booing an injured pitcher. sure.
giants fan being a giants fan. sure.
any that can make it to las vegas in a couple of weeks, and i would love to have you!
my colleague will be there!
aarkus was my first suggestion, but wanted something from the marvel era (post-ff1).
my initial ask was poorly phrased.
i hate inconsistent booking lmao how did ambrose go from booked like a jobber to superman with no character change/nothing different? keepit
lol @ character changes in wwe 2016
should you be playing
i need a gaming pc
what do u think nicole is going to do take paul or james. i think she takes paul now
she take james why would she want paul to think shes taking james
man. life is really too short to not say how you feel about things.
today really magnified the concept that goes so overlooked.
believe it or not a two party system makes that happen every 4 years also johnson and stein are retarded
wait so like you're saying we don't really have any significant influence on our country's leadership???
2 more days of the field
god bless brotha
guy in the gym changing rooms telling his mate how much he's charging people for pt sessions and how it's piss easy and he's rolling in it.
(i pay $40)
like that is so irritating . we ain't shit so don't come at me w/your bs like especially if im trying to be nice
like i thought we were coo &amp; left off on good terms but umm fuck you
if ya mans supposedly hoops why this nigga ain't go d1? lo i'll wait
trust a bih.
yeah i was at the one on sat too but i wasn't working that night. they doing a kodak black, kanye and i think rihanna
but ur work is gonna be on display!?i'm excited for that
twitter what outfit should i wear today
why wasn't my ol shirt that cute wtheckie
or some banana muffins from the student store lol
they don't know about those my man lol
so me thi ng ne w ha pp en in yu me cast, guys.
wait what's going on??
good night. i am always left feeling great after chatting with all of you! hope i get to see some of you in napa next month
i will be there w and looking forward to it!
imy2 ty
your still 17 here i would text you but i'm on twitter. i'm a peice of shit
this is not going to go over well. disrespecting a woman.
i think if you were publicly plagiarized, floppy-haired brent, you'd feel the same way.
anyone can file a civil case for anything...and this is ivanka kissing her dad.
don't try to justify claims of child rape, especially when someone has a history of sexual assault. sad
like i don't mean to get all "i go to art school so i would know," but like focusing our camera on a leaf doesn't make it art
like what is the message behind your art. please not another bible verse about how beautiful earth is. like cool go religion but like no thx
the 2010s are the 1960s of the 21st century
i been saying this
you're just gay and i'm not gay so bye like yuck
okay then stop asking me to send you pics of my
how many times i gotta tell that ass to come over??
i ain't get the text boo
potus obama's un speech is not only a national disgrace but a historical embarrassment as well. its all about him....
what's new he always is an ah who thinks he is god's gift
samsung is now displaying this message every time you turn on or charge a galaxy note 7. next step will be bricking...
imagine if apple did that.
fun exercise: search for a google app on app store, scroll to "developer apps" and marvel at the sheer amount of ios apps google has.
like what even are these google apps?
nobody in america should have to forgo a higher education because they can't afford it.
isn't this govt speak for saying the trillion$ student loan mess is a failure so let's throw $ at it from another angle.
damn okay rachel sending me snaps of her stripping
i had to use the restroom and was complaining
if your phone keypad doesn't have a + then 00 should do the trick
i forgot my own country's trunk code
like what is the message behind your art. please not another bible verse about how beautiful earth is. like cool go religion but like no thx
and like if it is based on religion, that's cool, but like please don't take a pic of the sky and ~caption it like this~ and expect praise
"it's some sex shit"
taking me on a journey
will there be somewhere at nyc to have a call or do some work if they were oncall?
there are no private work rooms, so you may want find a quiet corner. there is a lounge in the expo hall, but not private.
why sae???? don't you have a cool ssr or not
i was raising fans for her and picked a random song to play;;
how do u do that
turn your phone to the side to type and it should pop up
ours sucked too i didnt even ol that year lmao. they had extras and put them outside vasa last yr
wth not fair
i want to smoke so bad but i can't and my brother rubbing it in my face isn't working
good job stay clean
not for nothing, seeing downey jr and tobey maguire in that bed together at the end of wonder boys was a big o_o moment for me at 17
there were a lot of good ones along the way - even in her shoes is good - but downey's terry crabtree is pretty great &amp; underrated!
i see u lit smh!!
lmao my buzz gone now. i filtered it out
and like if it is based on religion, that's cool, but like please don't take a pic of the sky and ~caption it like this~ and expect praise
and if you see something like that and think it's cool, that's great. but like don't give it artistic value. the binch took it on snapchat.
amal clooney wants to prosecute assad and isis for war crimes
what about netanyahu?
i remember that too ! i wonder ho thor ended up there
thor was there? they were probably mine
shouldn't have been murdered. if you can arrest a white kid who shot up an entire school or movie theater
this shouldn't be a white black issue the issue is police abusing their authority
okay then! guess i'll just be excited til christmas waiting to see this movie!
wasnt the trailer crazy?
i thought the s in sbin was for staticly linked
i believe you are correct, and the reasons for choosing static linkage for those particular executables are now fading from memory.
hey , this is one of the millions of children you compared to a poisoned skittle today:...
surprised? no! will lead charge to pick at gold fillings from the bodies of those his father kills
this looks about right.
i said daria, mrs brisby from secret of nimh, &amp; meg from disney hercules
hella hard to eat with a face mask on
girl i know what you mean !!
friends. it's live. launching with 2 design services, more coming soon.
congrats man!
go oled if you can up the budget
oh the budget..!
weird / fitting timing. the league just lowered their standards / let me in. first dating app i've turned on in at least a year.
we'll see how things go. but i'm not surprised they send new users the longest message about how to use the product. we'll see
does age even matter? petty ass ad hominen if you tell me.
bill de blasio follows her. do you really need to know anything else?
heh, rdar://18697726 is still broken under sierra. c'mon , you must know someone that can prioritize this super critical bug ;)
i'm gonna call this an edge case. sorry, my friend. :)
fact : most girls in the fashion industry aren't looking for boyfriends they're looking for lap dogs and errand boys.
why do you subtweet about me like that
i tell you i'm the only kind you need
that's why you my baby
well he charges 22 to one guy and 25 to another apparently.
this isn't the locker room fantasy i expect of you
i'm on 20 days no soda. would love a sip of that sperm right now.
i'm so sorry for this
and if you see something like that and think it's cool, that's great. but like don't give it artistic value. the binch took it on snapchat.
i just feel like monument kids are thinkin they're super creative and artistic and praise is so embedded in the white culture that...
your right just know how convincing paul is. just worried
corey already told her to take james she said she dont want a broken heart taking paul
i bet mike birbiglia and i would get along well if we ever got the chance to hang out.
100 per cent.
this cart plus 4 others on the 1 train headed uptown with no ac for a week already. please contact me on this!
it's beyond discussing on this train. there must be hundreds of trains in the depot but yet this 1 is chosen for the last week already!
maybe next week we can devise a plan for a fall cue meetup of some kind. like a fall ldi checkup coffee/icecream/taco/hike thingy
yes! that would be an excellent idea.
hey , this is one of the millions of children you compared to a poisoned skittle today:...
if poor kid ever had dental work would try to take his gold fillings. . .even while he was alive
to fund the development of the ipfs protocol. thats the point of most *all* ethereum based tokens
not just to fund, also to incentivize nodes. the best crypto tokens serve a purpose beyond funding
it's been 10 months since i got lvnlifeinla off the bleach. ...
absolutely gorgeous esther!!
i would think that having the training help people understand just what repercussions there might be once a trigger is pulled
we can't even keep our police level headed. how do you think some moderate training for civilians would help
73 retweets wth are you famous?????
i dont know im so confused
your right just know how convincing paul is. just worried
plus it would be a great season watching paul get boned
rotflmfao she said "i'm living for us"
lmao and that's a figgedy fact
am i the type of girl to postmate mcdonald's rn
wowwww i am gonna add you to the mcdonalds group chat for this one
since today was so awesome i'll follow some random people tonight! who wants one?
meeee follow meeeee lol
i'm screaming
this is how i felt when u were talking abt disney
i re-upped our cable, for kids' favorites and a few mainstream, non-premium faves like hgtv. a comparable apple package would be quick sale.
we cut the cord long ago but if we could get hgtv and cartoon network on apple tv we'd shell out big bucks
yep. variation: enjoyable job, comfortable and not wildly $$$ apartment, stable relationship
i feel mostly happy in all areas, but stretch my days both early and late and still can't keep up
thank you to for having me and in their pool pit at genbeauty!
love this
infographic: the day marcos declared martial law (september 23, 1972)
it's about time for the malacaan to invest on good data journalists and provide compelling, well designed infographics.
you ain't smoking nothing w nobodys girlfriend
i hate you
he's performing rn
i know i saw it on someone's sc
i just feel like monument kids are thinkin they're super creative and artistic and praise is so embedded in the white culture that...
...they think it's something with meaning. but there isn't meaning. there never is meaning. you take a pic of the sunset for instagram likes
i wonder if and how many basketball players are gonna sit for the national anthem once the season starts
basketball players tend to be very vocal, will certainly be interesting to see their takes
tbh if y'all dm the bham confessions page y'all savages lmao some one better press someone i wanna see fights on twitter
there's a new one? lol
if someone cute ask me to prom or homecoming i will fosho go even tho the 3 last years of highschool i had said i will never go i want to go
but no one will be down to ask me so im fucked
the blank nameless building that's an attraction
oh no, how can they do that
passed out on flight. reached 4 bathroom, woke up on floor by cockpit, surrounded by flight attendants. 1st for everything!
holy shit! feel better
so great to meet you guys! fun game to come to, too, i would guess.
guess we needed three.
how does that work? are you copying and pasting or what bot do you use?
check it out:
there still isn't a good one, or evidence that people prefer using bots over apps
unclear if this way of interacting with services gets baked into apps or reduces need for them
an episode of *where are they now*
i always think this when i run into really old friends
...they think it's something with meaning. but there isn't meaning. there never is meaning. you take a pic of the sunset for instagram likes
i know how it is. i've lived it. but don't like expect credit where no credit is due and don't give credit where none is needed. that's all
one of the realest reads in awhile. thank you for sharing.. if you have 15 minutes, please read.
why i love sales. why i am a face to face, conversation confrontation being.
if i don't get asked to hoco, i'm asking just so she can look pretty and feel like a queen in her cute ass romper
you just made my night!! but hushhh you'll definitely be asked you gotta boyfriend dork
sorry hillary already tries that message, didn't work out well.
what about seat? can she be pushed out, too? please say yes!
when you see my face hope it gives you hell
yo my band is covering this song on saturday
where is he from anyway?
middle of nowhere pennsylvanian :p
please consider giving. 100% of your donation $ will go to pregnant women &amp; babies in syria.
thx so much for supporting women affected by syrian crisis. glad to give to this wonderful group.
does anyone know how to get rid of skunk smell?
1quart of hydrogen peroxide, 1/4 cup baking soda, and 1 tsp of dish detergent!!
how to turn dusty enterprise -&gt; tech co 1) identify big costs 2) build software/hardware for yourself 3) sell as service to others 4) profit
instead of doing themselves, many get vendors &amp; optimize core biz. that's why they're not getting that amazon-&gt;aws money + speed.
slaving through thermodynamics homework while minh plays call of duty for the next 24 hours
you got this
this month in a graph _____ \ | | |___ \_ as u can see everything sucks
i change my mind there should be an up part because shapeshift with me came out
george h. w. bush tells kathleen kennedy townsend, daughter of robert kennedy that he's voting for hillary clinton.
two things: 1. this is all hearsay. .2 who cares what george hw bush thinks? 3. he does not speak for...
i'm now preparing to be bombarded.
happy birthday to you hope you have a great one (:
full details on charges against alleged explosion defendant
prayers adt agent for 5 spring st is not murdered for protecting us. r.a.cohen prop had his sis car bombed. may have lost sis.
migos - bad and boujee ft. lil uzi vert
when you performing in
all this gorillaz talk got me listening to my favorite track from them
the correct answer is tomorrow comes today via
hey whos up yo
my eyes are shutting but me i guess
you guys are too cute! is this your first time in ?
thanks. yea it was our first time. great place. will have to come back for sure!
. who cares.
never thought marilyn manson was warranted attention. copied alice cooper but without the wit.
there's truly few things i love more than dbl quarter pounder
my order.... 10 piece w fries, a mcdouble, and an oreo mcflurry...... extra sweet and sour and barbeque sauce
is everything all good?
yee just needs focus on school atm
aeo and i are thinking this may need to be a "creep" instead of "lurk".
and now it is swcreep. can't wait for it to go live! (p.s it's shareable!!!)
did you watch ? did you love liberty? well i sure did. was phenomenal and i cant wait to see whats next!
thank you for the amazing compliments and hashtag:
case has been thrown out multiple times and the filer filed with false addresses and phone numbers multiple times.
the case was never thrown out, it was dismissed on a filing technicality. she changed her number after death threats.
your needs are our needs
i blame auto correct.
shoutouts to and so happy to see you guys making your way up :d
couldn't have done it without your help :d you've done a lot for mid level players like us :)
trump who ? like you deadass
twitter niggas love attention
catfish belong in the lake not twitter.
probably the best thing ive read tonight.
case has been thrown out multiple times and the filer filed with false addresses and phone numbers multiple times.
here's the federal court record for this case
just read the corey's angels requirements. yeah, i take it back. fuck that guy.
i think he's probably quite mentally ill!
this guy, , is my best, best, . the scenery doesn't hurt either. ;-)
if i'm your best medicine, then you're a whole pharmacy of wonderfulness
iphone 7+ camera worth it so far? waiting for mine still
without question.
it's the loveliest thing i've ever heard
truly so depressed how ppl turned on azealia and she represented herself so badly
i that was fun lol. i'll send out the dms now, the last few were easy so they're gonna be band account dms!
do you want us to screen shot it? i see some accounts do it just so people know it isn't a scam
he asked if i had family, i was stupid enuf to tell him i lived alone. 2 hours he picked apart my car &amp; purse to find a reason to arrest me
if he didnt rape and murder you, you should consider yourself lucky. . .im white-the treatment you got was what i expect all cops
do they listen to radios? clinton tries to persuade millennials to jump on board via radio ad per .
you will report her decision not to continue &amp; encourage sanders to take on trump publicly. soon;) sage diplomat exit
thanks bro i'm trying
gotta get a job and shit
the midwest called, they want their dinner back
where was my invite!? yum.
ok that makes me happy bc i know 0 people who like her
a gif of her is literally on my tumblr description.
where's yours?!
i had a plane but too common.... i just massively upgraded.... refresh!
donald hasn't given his own money to the trump foundation since 2008-but it's still paying his bills.
deport trump 2 russia
sweet baby lu listens to classical music while showering in case y'all were wondering
classic noodles
the deer filter is the best filter snapchat has ever come up with
this one was my absolute favorite lmao
double standards never seize to amaze me
duh. they're afraid of looking dumb or stupid to their friends, they know their people gonna talk
the real question: does think they are so dope?
yea they are!!
but i was the only one
so i was the only lonely one
what do u do when your parents don't support u with anything that u wanna do lollllllll
say fuck it an do it anyway
take it back all night
we lame af
you should've heard the noise i made
please recreate it the next time we see each other!
so its an embedded consensus using this "mining"? ala counterparty? not sure i follow
haven't seen the spec yet with the details, but i'm assuming nodes in the ipfs network earn filecoin
imyt my son
soon ill see you my love
so i was the only lonely one
preach baby girl
can't imagine any obama voters voting trump this time around and i know some mitt voters switching, so i guess turnout is really the issue?
there's a solid chunk of middle america democrats who feel obama failed them b/c they can't use their homes as atms anymore.
my 6-year-old is advanced for her age. she reads like she's in 2nd grade speaks like she's in 3rd grade and whines like she's a teenager.
my 7 yr old is going through midlife crisis
which one! ?
it's in pleasanton , in the bay area lol!
so if it's the same why don't people keep their old one and update it instead of spending money for the exact samething ?
it just be minor changes but it is what it is
looking for an efficient web designer/programmer to set up a basic site for a friend. anyone looking to make some easy $?
hi, if you are still looking please contact us.
yes and still doing epic typos. still listening to paranormal radio still working. still can't believe how intense...
cool, glad to hear your still functioning with your daughter....
i would let will smith start the ninth. partly because that might mean a will smith at-bat in the eighth.
i would like to see him in the 9th because he should be a candidate for the committee. i figure romo/smith?
jut gotta keep living it cause you never know if tomorrow will be there.
yes sir that's the motto
maybe it added a space at the end mine did that
just delete the space it should work
if the last few days are any indication, new york city is lucky to have &amp; at the helm.
rashid adt agent does not deserve to die for protecting disabled tenant. 5 spring. 10012
gonna be what, 16, 17 now right?
15 actually but i'm glad i look older!!!
i've seen suspected terrorists get more benefit of the doubt than terence crutcher got. how compliant can someone be?
attitudes, training, tactics, and procedures of police are totally divorced from the actual threat level:
absolutely ! blacks are fed-up with the democrats -
you're practically translucent.
vin scully bobblehead night + michelata
good night for ya jimmy! bobblehead and a michelata! have a great night...
then again, i will say this until the day i die... they always come back sooner or later
lol my mom says the same thing. and that is usually what happens
whats happening now mom and i left at the 7th stretch ..
extra innings a's lose
victoria's chocolate will give you an a+ on your next test
buy chocolate from meeeeeee
stoked to be performing and hanging with on the tonight. tune in 12:37/11:37c on cbs.
thank u for waitng until to tell me
right! i could cry when i think abt what could've been
she's not dead yet.... it feels like it though :/
whoever said this dumb as shit
read the people in the replies they are even worse
eeeeey nice job my bros! :d
thanks man :d
there's a solid chunk of middle america democrats who feel obama failed them b/c they can't use their homes as atms anymore.
...so they'll vote instead for a guy who's entire business model is grifting opm b/c he says he'll make them "great again".
can't win the big one. what if apollo does? how does he take it?
apollo just got murked by big banter. dont see that happening
i would let will smith start the ninth. partly because that might mean a will smith at-bat in the eighth.
not to mention if he became one of our "closers" it sure would make that trade worthwhile!
as a side note the problem led me to an article (via a coworker) that is pretty cool:
i'd be happy with just c1k most days.
she's not dead yet.... it feels like it though :/
like what happened with slay z? iconic and no one cared
this is just indefensible on cnn's part. who benefits from this? not cnn, not the viewer. no one but lewandowski an...
cnn has become "the fox mini-me".
wtf?!!! no public shout-out for saving you from your archenemy, sir onion?
it's true, she did. what was i thinking?
preach baby girl
why'd you call it love.... when it was nothing?
trump flack katrina pierson for a second consecutive fnc segment with robert zimmerman calls him george zimmerman....
neither obama's stale cliches, nor the conniving lib'media can curb trump's appeal. like &amp; , the us will speak
carry me :d
i was gonna say the same to you... lol
bro rosas chocolate will kill you and give u acne
bro i'm throwing u in a trash can tommrow.
you guys have never heard ay bay bay???!?? what the fuck
white folks gangtas annem thugs ay bay bay
i was a host :/ if i was a server i probably would've stayed, but being a host wasnt worth it
ahhhh understandable. are you working somewhere else?
s/o to for alluding to one of my alltime favorite comics in "onion gang" -- person waving hand to close eyes of presumed dead guy
you noticed
we were called to a special meeting to discuss adventist world church finances today. search starts to cut costs....
good thing they just spent all that money on artv!
ryan blocked me and now i have no will to live
im like really sad ryan is so cool fuck
yeah, looks like i'm getting trolled by a failed radio sports reporter.
creepy that a 60 yr old dude is googling me at 10pm. be more mindful of what ur tweeting is all i ask
the docs for both nyc and yargs can be far too dense, i'm wondering what the answer is; perhaps targeted tutorials?
chewy example apps all the way. show typical usage, in detail. with annotation.
happy birthday to daphne from scooby doo! hope you had a lit one today! 16 and salty!
ew ihy i look so bad but thanks b
we lame af
i've been blastin this all summer
my friend just texted me this lol i would like for all of you to know my friends call me this all the time its an...
i hate that i hae to do a disclaimer but in this day and age..
it's not friday that's cheating
aight i gotchu on friday then
i have to go book shopping very soon.
shoe dog by phil knight
why'd you call it love.... when it was nothing?
if this was not love then please tell me what was it?!?!?
did the guy playing the piano leave eventually?
no he was still playing when i left he was playing with no sheet music though he was pretty good haha
how many more kids will grow up in the evil cult of islam? how many more muslims will kill and be killed? stop
that's your response to a frightened baby? go fuck yourself.
back in the saddle again
such a great picture of you and jerry! keep smiling and enjoy every moment of filming!
there needs to be a contender.
um... welp.
why is using existing crypto for payment not sufficient?
using existing crypto requires a significant upfront investment
dodger stadium emptying out after the 8th inn of a 1-0 game against your biggest rival when you're counting down to a playoff berth.
especially since the giants have been a disaster trying to close out games - the 9th will be an adventure!
we won't allow any new yorker to be the subject of racist or homophobic threats:
rashid our adt agent hero protected disabled senior. death threats for his race and tenant as disabled.
quick ps i really appreciate all likes i've been getting, i just miss having actual conversations and feel shut out :/
i don't like people's tweets most of the time. i use my likes as bookmarks for reference. definitely prefer conversations
made a promise to god i won't drink till december and i made a promise to myself that i won't cut my hair or shave, let's see how this goes
baby face chuy looks so different
shoutout to mom for making me these bomb ass chiles rellenos
my mom made that today too omg.
i can't wait till but it also reminds me that i have project due on that day..i want for the day to come but then i don't
what project
i played mystic messenger for exactly one day and stopped haha
i started over and now i'm into it all over again lol it's fun tho
actually, the point is maybe we should be profiling white men btween the ages of 18 &amp; 50 while we're at it
stop selling guns to men and violent crime plummets.
i can't believe i've touched nick jonas twice in the span of three days
i can't believe you got to hang out with my mom.
how to pronounce benghazi
how do huma and i keep a man?
just found your scotch and patents podcast. it has been so fun and educational thanks for making it!
thanks for listening!
the black dahlia: the most confusing plot i've seen in some time offset by an absolute ravishing aesthetic and mood and true seediness
god that fuckin' movie...
blessings back to you all as well
you're welcome love xoxo (:
still haven't listened to blonde in full yet lol. is it a good album overall?
yesssssss i bump it everytime i shower lol
according to my 24 hr fitness account, the last time i went to the gym was on august 4th...... haaaaahahhahaha bye abs
last time kobe played basketball was on april 13
awww yess, i hope he shouts us out then
i'm hoping for the same thing to, we're gonna be fangirling af
happy birthday!!!! you're such a nice person and i hope today was just as great as you are ily
awe thank you so much kyler!!!
what the heck syd what the heck omg
sis i dont even know im real life shook aanao
i don't like people's tweets most of the time. i use my likes as bookmarks for reference. definitely prefer conversations
feeling shut out too sometimes because lack of interests and interaction plus time away... we both need a break
do you want us to have matching icons cos i will match icons with you
i................. if u want omg sure
can't wait to spend next year with yanize at louisville university
jk i'm withdrawing my application
nah lmao i was hella ahead in math so i took a break, i'm taking that next quarter
shit lol i was going to ask you for help thank you though!
how's everybody's night going??
so ready for a heck of a good night's sleep .. been way to long . how bout you aaron?
no accomplishments? i'm a staff writer at 23 with two book deals.
whats a staff writer. sounds like ur poor. also when the books coming out lol.
just finished listening to and i'm shook
a crucial acclaimed work for the ages?
ipfs is quite self-contained, i think it can use any incentive one wishes by plugging them in.
they would have to buy btc and pay it out. it's cheaper and more efficient to issue new token
huge thank you to for the awesome pc for my streaming setup. one of the most generous things anyone has give me :) thank you
hope it serves you well!
seriously.. dang. well, i had a fun time with my mama and got a new scarf so im happy.
that's what counts!
in the middle of writing a post to convince cal to rescind clear bag policy. should i keep going, or is it too unimportant/petty?
do what you think is right.
this is some heat
'preciate the love.
you are being way too sweet!
just spreading the love
dude how did i miss that one
it felt like it was only there for like a week. but it was the best week of my life
yea just cancel it all now
i literally just cried cause andrew didn't fix the rug in bathroom when he got outta the shower i'm so through
"he threw his book" is the new "he should have had his hands up" racists, find your humanity. no, really. it's required to live on earth.
they have no humanity &amp; plenty of hate cuz jesus is just around the corner 2 forgive them anything-evangelical bullshit
i played mystic messenger for exactly one day and stopped haha
like i'm a big fan of choose your story type games but for mobile i never found any good ones? that are also practically free?
were you in a kiddy pool while you did this? i hope so.
no i was in front of a post office wondering how 21 pilots beat out kse for valors theme
i fucking hate white people
you better be including armenians when you say that
there's someone outside screaming and raging and they might be turning in to a werewolf
you sure you're not at a con? ;)
is looking for someone to help with the website. we are also in search of sponsors to work with.
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
we're friends but he deleted my facebook friend request twice. he says "call me" but hes busy &amp; never calls back. move on from fake friends.
i'm wrong about this. and i admit it publicly. so i retract this statement out of respect for him.
jewishthats your reply 2everything ive saidok you guessed.. i am jewish &amp; proud..now whatwont stand 4 ur hitler bull
tremendous amount of anti-semitism out there in cyberspace cher. i get threats as well. am yisroel chai (the jewish people live!)
what do you mean
sorry just saw this - so giants offense is similar to gb's scheme. mcadoo comes from gb. and the talk around
calvary pentecostal church my uncle marlow hall's mother is the pastor and his choir which i do sing in it
i'm not sure... that's thanksgiving weekend... i don't think i'll be here... plans to be away that weekend.
haha i'm jus saying what they say... "it's a brotherhood"
you right , but also... know a part of it is getting to fuck bitches who are paying for the same shit lol
so to clarify, you're ok with it. got it.
i feel safe in nyc. stats show i could get struck by lightning twice b4 being a terrorist victim
for gives a live reaction to the trailer for the sci-fi film "passengers"
thanks jacob!
what do you mean
the nfl now is that gb is becoming too predictable on offense. hence the drop off. wondering if it's more
so tired... tomorrow school...
*me trying to tame my thoughts so i can sleep before my class at 9am... it's currently 1:20am*
justin: you'll miss them? jen: sure. but i'll see 'em. justin: yeah? jen: there was never a problem, y'know? we just needed some time.
this twitter dramedy is the best part of my night, tied w/ the fact that i had spinach and artichoke dip for dinner.
and on this day, joshua kanoa ohara was born
much love will !you're a great volleyball player and a great friend so i'm lucky i got to meet you in hs forsure
ask the liberal city.
i live in the liberal city. trump is not a racist sir.
i should block him he contributes nothing to the tl
don't lift a finger compatriot he's gonna build the block!!! with his money!!!
check out what i found. 1938 1st edition john cornford a memoir hardback book socialism communism via
hi we want this book. john cornford was my husband's uncle. can you ship to the us?
what do you mean
scheme related or rodgers' unwillingness to make throws in the middle of the field (risky ones) that could
flakers like this need to be shown! more than willing to close the deal....
ppl retweet this type of nonsense. shits a joke. who would force u into that so hard? i swear u coulda "gotten" for a happy meal!
i wonder if a new manager arrived on june 2016 and barked "nobody cares about that junk, stop writing those!!"
saw this today too and it made me sad :( i love release notes! the world needs more release notes.
a children's book in which a mother tells her son that it only takes one jew to destroy an entire people pl...
lots of jew hatred out there.
what do you mean
lead to ints. rodgers likes to go outside the numbers a lot and back shoulder type throws.
family problems , 2 essays due , online test , got a college balance &amp; broke :
my fucking generation... smh
would you fuck a bowl of raisins if you knew three of them were gay?
we talking the california raisins?
where he busts &amp; what it says about him
lmaooo ur retweets are real af abby
hay boo how's my cat
wailin but cute as a peach
what *do* the newsrooms at the nyt, wapo, et al look like these days?
a bunch of people slack jawed at the headlines about brangelina while videos of black men shot by police play unnoticed behind.
magician penn jillette had to work with trump: "however bad you think he is, he's worse."
can this magician make ur ridiculous comments disappear
if i were interviewing her i would have to just leave the desk. still waiting on someone to really stop her in her tracks.
tried. gets away with verbal murder.
i may have to watch this again
definitely worth revisiting.
wtf so jealous !!!!
she was literally so cool and down to earth
when i was in mexico last may my cousins would ask me "don't your police just kill black people there". i was like
cuba too, it shocks them
flakers like this need to be shown! more than willing to close the deal....
it's sad because they get these like 12 year olds who take their parents credit cards and probably swipe em. they don't care either
orlando ts, ps4 ts inv blutzy_
still need 1?
blacc chyna gets on my damn nerves.
hahaha on me with her ugly ass
it hangs up if you don't press star within five seconds
btw the number i called from rings my desk
if you look it up there's a lawsuit going on because of it haha i guess it happens to a lot of people
i'm tryna cash in on this wtf
the left has found a new low
low is being a defendant in a child rape case and having a history of assault
all the best ones are only there for like a day
right! but the deer one has been there for awhile so you're good!
so what do you recommend for chronic pain?? and i mean chronic!!
kratom. works like miracles instead of pills.unfortunately corrupt dea is banning in 10 days
we're friends but he deleted my facebook friend request twice. he says "call me" but hes busy &amp; never calls back. move on from fake friends.
i'm wrong about this. and i admit it publicly that hes not a fake friend. so i retract this statement out of respect for him.
baby you're not perfect, but you're pretty damn close.
who u talkin about
unlike the trump foundation, the clinton global initiative has numbers to prove its worth:
you are embarrasing yourself mr cuban
fam there is a fat spider in my room send help !!!!!!
if he;s not paying rent, evict him!!
it's not hard lol....unless you got no game "bruh"
watch what you say, your girl gon' kill you lol. jk! but you ain't lyin' . . . to each's own though.
security chalk talks: iot security in the age of
great talk, thx for sharing
everything about her irritates me honestly lmaoo
hahaha me too she's a gold digger fake and just not good looking to me at all
"""what happens to the fetus during abortion - body parts are being torn, then the head is being cracked
this what happen when afemale get abortion
haha, fair enough. i just found it funny because it worked up through 10.9 :)
so you're saying that because it worked at one time, no software ever gets broken by changes? what color is the sky in your world?
actual lol "oh john! he's working on it, ok? baby steps"
tonight's segment on skittles etc was pretty good
wow i was fr about to join the debate club, but my brother joined and he is begging me not to do it
join!!! and fight him
still don't get where your getting this dick pic thing from
go use ur hand some more@
real life: don't ever hop a fence if you're karla
my ankle may be broken real talk /:
dude...this dlc looks incredible. wish i had a ps4 so we could play together.
imperial officer uniforms!
a reminder of how racist trump is ahead of his fox news-hosted pitch to black voters:
this is not for black voters. it is so his white supporters can tell themselves they are not racists.
someone was like "can't believe you thought nicki's verse was rihanna" no i said i thought the pre-verse was rihanna before nicki okay
i thought it was all three of them, not just ari + riri lol what a shame it would be if i didn't know nicki's verse smdh
flakers like this need to be shown! more than willing to close the deal....
scumbags $ should be ur name on this. ur the lowest of the low. ur terrible at it too!
the first one comes out may 2! i'll send you a galley
lmao this highly anticipated work promises to be an instant classic. good luck with sales
recently, my close friend's brother sadly passed away at 19. every dollar helps. thank you.
thank you so much
go use ur hand some more@
i really don't know what your talking about i didn't send a dick pic
hella long lol but it's goood
i can tmrw too but i got school at 6 i don't don't get off till 9:40
watch what you say, your girl gon' kill you lol. jk! but you ain't lyin' . . . to each's own though.
kinda like paying for music , you know you can get it free but to them it feels better to pay for it and "support"
no, they started with north korea controlling all of south korea
i paid too much for this history book to be lying to me
not sure i follow, wouldn't it be even easier? using common infrastructure?
it requires money. you can either buy btc or create your own token
of course! you were great and i have high hopes for liberty and bull!
thank you for your awesome enthusiasm and hope re: &amp;
i like discovering music on my own, i hate being force fed.
understandable. but forcing is a bit extreme, maybe more of a suggestion.
because like the down part before the full verse happens sounds so barbados
yes i'm still talking about this
jewishthats your reply 2everything ive saidok you guessed.. i am jewish &amp; proud..now whatwont stand 4 ur hitler bull
i am jewish and am subjected to anti-semitism quite frequently. it is not easy
need a web designer if anyone knows any tag below
we are experts in services in . our portfolio email to leads.com
i really don't know what your talking about i didn't send a dick pic
keep wishing i'm gone. the genie in the bottle will do some great magic for ya
no mate just looking for a new challenge thats all
i'm trying the horizon 3 demo right now. holy shit that looks good.
because like the down part before the full verse happens sounds so barbados
"down part" aka dick bicycle amirite
i was about to
but you didn't sooo
stronger breeze tomorrow=the will experience below average temps! w/ your forecast next!
- by a whisker, pay brian more in san francisker!
dad and son meet because the internet.
i had a pretty bad day, and this just made me smile...thanks
possibly the most pernicious poison narrative art offers is the idea that story must be based on conflict &amp; without conflict there's nothing
in other words, when conflict is not happening, neither is anything worth writing about which teaches us not to look
a nice acid shower with a glass of bleach after is nice too
i'll take this into consideration
keep wishing i'm gone. the genie in the bottle will do some great magic for ya
first of all i didn't wish you were gone
so you can visit me and !!!
that's definitely on the list for upcoming trips
in 37 tests for england, he scored 1,800 runs with his top score of 156* coming in 1998 against sri lanka. happy bi...
he and chris gayle
saturday: in fresno, ca sunday: in port hueneme, ca
dude! you are going to be in cali during folsom street fair weekend! any chance of getting you to...
- question : can you cast jaby n achara in any of the tvf short videos?
they need not come to india. you can plan some script which they can shoot in la itself!
heard a preacher today mock "secular counseling" as leading people away from godly guilt.
that's stupid and things like that piss me off
donald trump's physical health may be fine but his mental health is what i worry about!
start shopping for some new luggage! there's a sale on at macy's
i love that this is still keeping you up at night. cc
because now all of my friends think that i don't know nicki from rihanna and sry but i only have so ma
. how long before you take the guns of muslim americans? we wont let u destroy the 2nd amendment !
lol.um you are embarrasing yourself again,trying to agitate and start a feud, thats why he is pres material u r not
i will be in the bay area more than portland over the next few weeks, so maybe we could meet up!
sounds good! too
what's your favorite comedy movie?
friday the 13th, jaws
you can say what you want about the , but at least they've been better than the over the past two months!
agree with that one and very happy they have been. only thing is giants may actually when one tonight. but it's not over yet
cnn is so embarrassing.
are lynch mobs always wrong?
black cop shoots black man. brother of says "all white people are the devil" how is that??...
twitter not showing this video!!
because now all of my friends think that i don't know nicki from rihanna and sry but i only have so ma
ny characters in these tweets
tilt your head. dicks out.
bars harder than alcrataz
who is he what is this i need the whole video
lmao he plays for the giants and his thing is giraffes brandon belt
you remind me of the color blue
ok taylor swift
hi hits. happy humpday
hello girls! hope all is well
if one more person tells me to smile during this shift i'm gonna punch em in the throat
you should smile more
"imma highlight my whole face rn"
"normal people would be like you see im addicted to drugs, is tht cocaine? no it's highlight."
i usually wouldn't post about this shit. but this shit is just cruel.
that's so rude!! don't let those people get in your way, you should be v proud of yourself
thanks for putting the meetup together tonight! was a lot of fun!!
thank you for coming! i don't think i had the chance to talk to you, so hopefully next time?
. how do i filter out movies where a dog dies? i do not want those movies.
best to just avoid them altogether just to be sure
. o'donnell is by far the most ridiculously biased excuse for journalism that the world has ever produced. and a boring show too!
there is no bias if he's dealing in facts. which he is
i am very approachable, but you should definitely be strategic about how you do that and anticipate the sass
lol ya sas is wavy tho
when babe works at a gun range = asian hick
wait where?! let's go
hey i just got here someone lead me out of my perfect confusion
my guessing game is strong lolol
will do when i turn up i'll take a shot of water cos i don't drink no more
fasho! its the thought that counts lol
dude why didnt you say hey
i know my bad! had to leave super quick, wife in east coast and i must take care of tonite
that happened. i swear.
yup....they r going on a win streak now, karma has changed...book it
and what it serves as is hope when your heart is heavy from reading bad news, and as fuel for fixing the things around you that need fixing.
the news has been very bad lately. i can't watch anymore. trump depresses me.
sorry. im a clutz
this is fucking gold shobe
you don't have all of your facts right.
not "her facts" she sign posted 2 the local article online-lots of major-minor premises 2 make point in sad but
damn told this bitch to come thru but her n her friend lied to me and i'm just like
someone does this to me, who could it be
you're lucky my love runs deep for you especially when you play that garbage (country)
hehe least you tolerate it!!
brandon belt strikes out looking with the bases loaded vs the hated dodgers. giants twitter will handle this with grace &amp; understanding.
he's a chump! part of 2nd half failure.
oh crap, i wasn't supposed to use meyerson foundation funds to fix the brakes in my volkswagen?
and i thought that $$$ i donated to your foundation was going for the greater good!!!
kellyanne conway is making bank at the trump campaign. her company earned $128,000 last month, categorized as "polling."
not bad for being the spinner or defender of lies. she can face the mirror with that check in front her face!
she keeps making weird noises too sos plz halp
........ i was having fun stop it
kiabot is alive and well
ha hagood to hear. that's how jordan first introduced me to kia and it still makes me chuckle.
or sales, streams, certifications, grammys, chart positions, and first week sales?
poor ppl got nothing but time.
nobody likes to be ignored &amp; that's the number one reason for females being ignored around this time
niggas ignore bitches all day and it's not just cause of video games
i don't believe you!
lol, yeah im beat. i think it's just my legs doin the tweetin'
can't put fingerprints on it cause it's so clean
it all makes sense now
a reminder of how racist trump is ahead of his fox news-hosted pitch to black voters:
has trump ever laid out his detailed plans to help underserved communities? ever? i guess they'll be released along with tax returns
overstoker for halloween already
candy corn!!!!!
agents of shield?
i just heard they've got ghost rider driving a car. what's up with that?
so sorry for your loss...have sons &amp; feel your pain..your fight honors him...he's proud...let me know what i can do to help.
thank you for your kind words. give your boys hugs, i can't do that.
i have 8 apartments to see tomorrow
i'm sorry i can't help
kratom. works like miracles instead of pills.unfortunately corrupt dea is banning in 10 days
kratom is all natural leaf. sold ground in 2 powder. mix a few teaspoons in oj, shake&amp;drink. 30 mins pain gone
oh wow. could be fun.
british always do it better. in london during bombings, signs next day said bombs present. nyc never say that.
insurance run sure would be nice ?
ask and ye shall receive
i'm suspicious of everything trump
-so am i! wonder why....:)
who cares about raping ?? what's important in this country is the emails feeds us!
shouldn't they both matter?
finally won a damned poker tournament 10k.
congrats you playing 300$ 100k tomorrow at borgy
if y'all could go like my recent on ig @/emmamacisaac i will spam u plz!!!!!! :(
i just requested to follow uuuuu
i played mystic messenger for exactly one day and stopped haha
surviving high school back in the day got me into the genre but i never found any good games like it after that
who trump turns to for foreign policy advice
now that looks good on trump
did they come to visit you?
no they live here too
man bro those were the days and i appreciate that
fasho fasho
red world by... adnan.
beautiful photograph. have a lovely wednesday
feliz cumpleaos a mi amigo just make sure you vote the correct one!!
no comment...those choices are both wrongbut thank you justinaka one of the best athletes at whs
blow them bitches off boo. we love you!
its not about that. people need to be accountable for their actions
wasn't dissing on y'all in anyway
but you did though
iphone 7: fast as macbook! maybe they're slow to release 4k display, because they're perfecting an iphone dock!
the macbook is surprisingly underpowered, afaik it's a mobile cpu with a massive battery for the screen. old mbas compile faster.
why couldn't we have done africa or india or somewhere cool, love usa but we already had a spirit day for that /:
there was a meeting today at lunch to vote on the hoco theme that was open to the entire class
but whatever their calculations, they only used physics from this universe. so how could they know?
your absolutely correct.. another example of man's foolishness..
tom hanks backs donald trump, destroys hollywood libs who criticize him with these 9 heroic words -
this, of course, is a hoax.
me - "the opposite of limp bizkit is erect sausage" interviewer - "the question was about international banking, and no it isn't"
can't stop laughing
seriously how are we back at a point where xml and server rendered html are a good thing?
remember .shtml ?
anything is possible.
holy shit what's your workout plan? deadass i wanna get on that
good lord, it's 10:30.
it's 1:30am in nyc
lmaoo i heard a few songs they was aight. what's ur favorite ?
nike white ferrari solo ( reprise ) godspeed seigfried
so &amp; were twinies tonight at . apparently &amp; i did too. shoulda had all 3 in tran...
salmon flip flop
the division seems so overrated
it is high key gotta grind hella long for a boot kit
play controls should be here. there's no benefit to having them in a separate tab.
seriously, there's so much chaos in ! what about the cluster messaging tab with stickers, live camera, kitchen sink?!
a reminder of how racist trump is ahead of his fox news-hosted pitch to black voters:
since fox keeps giving trump regular hour long infomercials, to be "fair&amp;balanced" when does hillary get hers?
my guess is that such a line of questioning would not have made the evening news :)
i know. also hoping for the 10,000 word blog post.
really want too try shooting on film, any recommendations?
just start with anything you can get your hands on and go
there's so much hype for this new field at sc high. if y'all don't win by at least 60 in the first home game imma be disappointed
set the bar a little low so when we get it higher we look like savs
i love that you two are literally live tweeting tree removal. you're officially mom &amp; dad
i'd agree with you *if* we lived in the suburbs and elected for this, but yes i get your point. but jeff it's 10:28pm...
then do something
there's nothing to do
i'm good just need to someone to talk with (:
i'm always a message away
on your own, like my little bit of sunshine feelin' more love in your heart if only you could open up your mind
let's link up this week for sure!
there's only one person in mecklenburg registered to vote named brentley vinson, and he is black. *could...
yes seattle paper confirmed officer hope he's doing better also-tough on other side praying 4 peace 4 family loss too
mixtape with this krazy ass nigga coming soon prod by me
hardest tape coming, no bs
tommy emmanuel, "the bug"
love this tune. i see him on 12/14. really hoping he plays it.
best feature of macos sierra so far: auto-unlocking with the watch.
why not the phone? :(
here i am performing a piece called "i love this iced tea"
was the tea good tho?
moccasin game too strong
me when gaga swings the microphone around again
i got a fish! what should i name it?
fuck mcnugget for the win! :d
asked my ouija board who the giants should pitch in the 9th..........it responded no
yikes....if they lose 2 night kuip and kruk will need tomorrow off or the dog catcher will ropem in
donald trump is not an issue. he's a distraction from the issues.
agreed but he's gonna be an issue if he wins.
devs don't need to buy btc? you mean the users? they have to buy new token?
if the ipfs devs want to incentives users to run nodes, they must buy btc to pay out or do token issuance at protocol level
don't be! if you need advice, my dms are always opened for fellow darlings any time ^^ i'm a 4th year now~ i wish you luck!!
thank you! my first day is thursday, gonna try to survive, hahaha, i will message you if i breakdown completely
is this a plea for help
is this a math problem
fuckin white trash sarcastically clapping for my car lmaoo
ur rims worth more then their entire years worth of rent lmaooo
limerick number three of the day (160920):
hahaha! i love it! !!! limerick
i thought you couldnt come to my bday cause u have practice how u coming now
i do im comimg after
fuck off cunt, i'll laugh if i want.. i'm telling barb
drive off the golden gate
. help me understand can lead the league in assist but not be 1st team? how? sue always gets over looked always
well sue is quite good at passing the ball; the person who edged her out on the first team was who she passed to.
thank you, so far so good ^_^ i'll post a pic when she's here
stay alive you baka! &lt;3
but if you compare this era to almost any other, i mean can you say the 70s were better, or the 90s or 80s or 60s or 50s...
up &amp; down. it's always two steps forward one step back.
you're one of those. now i see.
probably a paid hillary troll. they are super obnoxious.
my boy andrew found a sweet old tee shirt
i thought that was josh peck
i definitely have already beaten you before soooo.... but anyways you're welcome buddy
well we will see now in 2k17 hint: ima be better than you (once again) hahaha
i played mystic messenger for exactly one day and stopped haha
mystic messenger is an otome game but it has a cool layout like that did so i'm enjoying it a lot already
artist. entrepreneur. scientist. educator. athlete. anything. (anything except young.)
aka yolo bitches i do whatever i want or what i see on mtv.
not really, someone asked me if you're vp will i get my band cut for yiking or will i have to go to og to have fun.
there was no point for hating on og promote yourself and b done
do you want to visit ua too?
i'm suppose to go for a weekend but i barely know people in there
oh my lmao while i took this you're like "delete it" now u postin it smh lmao
stop exposing me
you need to watch skin of evil
you really...you really don't
i just wasted my time ***
same girl same
this is fun.
i miss the rain. maybe it will rain soon in cali.
i hate senior year bro
once you come back from christmas break it'll be so much better, trust me
part of the reason trump even got a voice is because we have this dying 24 hour news beast that wants to take us all down with it
that's why they don't call him on anything. they need the "race" close to feed the ratings (&amp; thereby the revenue).
when u hit up all your plugs and every single on is dry
they ain't plugs then. you only need them at like 3am
if you're really a cop you have to tell me k?
deifnitlye not a cop *winking as my badge falls out my pocket*
made this flight with two minutes to spare
have a safe flight
hey do you know if the apple store 5th have the same price that apple online ? thanks
call the store maybe? i believe the prices are variable.
i suppose some foolishness is okay to learn from though...
seems like a way to get confused, besides being a waste of time...
who is excited about the upcoming rolex central park horse show, sep. 21-25, 2016! we are!
beyond excited to be performing there for you guys.
and because knows what's up
duhh, i get you! even though i'd choose something better, but that's not bad to start off with!
plus! some of the stuff is simply not at a publix. it's so deep into particular poc's cultures that it won't be in a chain store at all.
i found the same thing in fl! got all of the rare ingredients i remember from where my fam's from. also great for health of pocs.
read more fiction?
i assume this is used in legal reasoning.
eat that cold. still working
ooooo, what you working on??
the only one he uses then spits out!
malted milk balls to go with his cheetoh dick...
you know all about unnatural looks
this is my queue to get off of the internet for the night.
i'm the one usually hosting the block parties. don't use my name in vain, sequester
lmfao. i never said who was who, but i know this exact situation went down in sonora more than once
we cannot hide from life with thought, and freedom must be won, not bought... john cornford 1936 refer to "nancy wake" peter fitzsimmons.
thanks for this!
but if you compare this era to almost any other, i mean can you say the 70s were better, or the 90s or 80s or 60s or 50s...
the video from oklahoma destroyed me today.
do you think we should lump this in with tutorials that include the code, or separate website section?
imo tutorials to explain specific bits in detail, then examples to pull multiple topics together in real-world usage.
asked my ouija board who the giants should pitch in the 9th..........it responded no
5 rows of seats r empty behind home plate, the bottom of 9th is coming up, it's tuesday night and they shut down the viper club
why tf this nigga buggin out man
who lets run up on him
happy birthday!!! ur the best josh (at math, spanish, basketball, sushi, shoes, life) keep being awesome.
thank you alannah i'll never be as awesome or as smart or cool as you though (this is a really nice picture btw haha)
my cousin has better hair than me , the fuckery lol.
not no more. braids have damaged my hair hellllllla
guess which city she's guessed it, san fransicko,the most evil vile lowlife filthy sick city in u.s
hey that's where i'm from! :)
hey any y'all smoke marijuana cigarettes dms are open p.s. i promis i'm not a cop
i'm just 100% into the drugs just like you kids no problems let's do them together and talk about who exactly we got them from
i only see this on twitter. has tv news been kept in the dark regarding this?
i haven't seen any play on tv either
learn the difference between "open carry" and "brandishing". thanks.
confetti hasnt read the multiple articles w/key major-minor premises confirming points &amp; brandishing
jake looks so done haha
lmao yeah
"cut to zero now. spread the prosperity more evenly. batten down the hatches for a rough human ride."
oh, ok...
google translate to the rescue!
haha, i just noticed that they translate general instructions on the back of the tickets, but not what t...
&amp; are smart for staying up late and scampering on the last night! , wake up!!
its got nicole thinking about taking james so it works for me
omg have you found out if you're having a boy or a girl?
we're having a boy thankfully. a mini me would be a handful and definitely my karma
curtis hanson was more than a craftsman, he brought intelligence and style to every movie he directed. his stealth masterpiece: wonder boys.
also chabon's stealth masterpiece.
that feel when one of your friends doesn't recognize the lyrics to september by earth, wind and fire... looking at you
she dont remembah!!!!
new fandom game, how many hops from reylo is any given work. (for ex random flannel!zarya overwatch pic? 2 hops to reylo fic.)
how do you hop? author? tag?
yeah, i just couldn't do this one anymore, even with lizabeth scott.
she was wearing a lovely black snood and matching choker.
i'm guessing if the app will scrape ur emails directly for trip logistics, why link partner? one less step for users, no?
yes, concur's tripit and other apps already do that. just wondering what the travel apps builders are thinking about this.
all the funs. all of them.
i just think we look our best in this one
you have no idea.4days i've been getting pics like this.they all came from trump supporters.ppl wake up
hurts even more as my grandparents met their end at the crematorium at auschwitz
100%! that's godfather territory. bravo, , !
that's the cinematographer of, , my fav tv show.
highkey miss playing ball
highkey miss ya
you can use google translate to take a pic and translate.
not sure it will translate the real meaning of legal lingo, but i shall try. i am surprised at how low 2 of the tickets are...
the best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched they must be felt with the heart
beautiful and true. happy wednesday
there is nothing in this world that i love more than ice cream
maybe pancakes but it's a very close call
i screeched
i have been patiently waiting
any twitterati in know a man named zied chrabichte? if i copy links, his name pops up briefly via
interestingly a search for 'zied chrabichte egypt' returns 0 results but quite a few more
still in the making, waitin on perfection
ayee i feel and well my real question is do i really come out in that ?
how is the policeman supposed to know that?
ya is sad but many officers loose lives to disabled folks-my grandfather state trooper &amp; it happens
i love you sm
you're literally so hot and i love you x a lifetime
the premiere or like season 1?
whatever is on netflix
my notebook from paperwalls.
their best album
trump voters try to tamp down expections for next week's debate, claimin' hillary loses if isis don't surrender durin' her openin' remarks.
they don't need to tamp down anything because no one expects anything from trump which is the main problem
so much merchandise. still think the rotj mug is the best.
sorry, but no. the correct answer is...
haha ty the upper part is a stray pixel mess.. gotta fix the clamp when i re render it
those characters are perfect and i can never say no to a giant ball pit hah
like one of y'all better start cracking up or its fade
really tho sometime i be thinking like was it really that funny should i say it again lmao
lowkey concerned for 5sos bc i don't think they're gonna handle mexico
like everyone is so pissed about them getting mobbed yet the fans there are chill about it bc it's normal to do that there
happy birthday dude
ty
i dont see y its a crime to wait...as if ull die or somethin
it's b/c ppl aren't willing to wait anymore. it's all about instant gratification. we want this &amp; that now it's sad smh
*goes to sf to talk about feelings face to face* hold on a while longer before things fall into place love you bry
i shall be patient
very cool! i'm interested to see what else + come up with in this space.
yeah same here. i'm sure it'll be cool.
i don't think devs plan to finance the ipfs incentives directly, you will need to pay for what you want to persist/distribute.
i believe it will be a combination. this is the fundamental problem a crypto token solves - the bootstrapping problem
block party host, madden champ, monopoly deal king...you were none of those b
i hold title of monopoly deal . no debate.
wait. this insecure dweeb is 34 years old?
why did u bully me out of nowhere. no provocation!
lowkey concerned for 5sos bc i don't think they're gonna handle mexico
it's not okay but that's the "norm" in mexico
that thing, that thing, that thiiiiinggg
how you gon win when you ain't right within?
donate to &amp; we'll match up to $1mm in contributions.
how about offering discount vouchers for airbnb for every donation
i'm gonna miss you too! but i'll be sure to send plenty snaps to you and the girls
yay can't wait too see the "black"
trump voters try to tamp down expections for next week's debate, claimin' hillary loses if isis don't surrender durin' her openin' remarks.
we need to expect much more from him than the pointless, gibberish, racist, lying garbage he normally spews
i really wanted to see mana today !
should've told me i got tickets for my dad
anybody wanna hang out in new york on oct 7th? i have all day.
what are you interested in doing?
happy birthday carlos!! hope you enjoyed you're day brotha!
fuck my bad , your* lol
im so excited to develop this roll
2nd picture is beautiful as a negative
celebrating a special day office. it is definitely .
great! what is special today?
love gaga, but queen needs a steady-cam
i agree. not a perfect illusion.
that's fucking funny
me being the dork i am ... and you girls meltin' my first little boner.
it's not okay but that's the "norm" in mexico
hope trump don't see this video bc then he's gonna go off again about how the wall is necessary
i splurged on shopping way too much today oops.
my life
play controls should be here. there's no benefit to having them in a separate tab.
strongly disagree. glad i can flip to audio mode and pull the quick menu up and down without accidentally hitting anything else
is the ghibli studio museum on your list
apparently tickets are all sold all for the time we'll be there :(
sorry... photo evidence!
here's the federal court record for this case, but there's more info in the thread.
why tf is it raining?!
let the weather be man
the midwest called, they want their dinner back
oh man my mom cooked that all the time growing up so good
fixing your twitter bios
african jackie chan, can i also get a song, preferably about my love of crack. danke
at least you didn't pop ur knee out of place!:)
i have, &amp; meniscus/acl surgery twice :(
i mean, i may be wrong, but that's the only model which i've seen these projects take, and it has properly aligned incentives.
if users will pay for the service, you don't need token. but token solves bootstrapping problem &amp; creates stronger incentives
~ coffee time &amp; fall ~ let's me know what you rate this picture 1 to10 it's amazing give me the tru...
absolutely beautiful. a perfect 10!
lmaoo you'll be the first one i send it too!
see that's why i like you you're the best i swear
r.i.p to the little boy jeremiah that got hit today praying for his family
prayers up! praying for you too.
okay so if you live outside of the us please dm your colourpop wishlist and full shipping info!! only if you're international!
can't wait for a us
i think i just got the nicest "welcome back to sf" hug. i mean i wasn't even gone for long but i guess that's what makes it great. nice&amp;firm
i'm such a hugger so it's a big thing
we did a terrible job playing basketball in nba 2k17, but the face scan worked fine
how long until michael jordan in geralt bathtub
open carry state. fact smdh
that was pretty bad..praying here maybe the big thing
props to hype woman ; w the coconut rice skills; veg chopper pro; &amp; dat sauce doe!
datsaucedoe
some lady just ordered her steak as rare as possible and i think i'm puking
sounds delicious
how much cheese is too much cheese?
there's no such thing. this is a dumb question lol
are you kidding??? parroting dt, taunting to try and get her to talk to you? are you kidding? ...
i'm assuming this woman is drunk full time or busy hooking for trump. otherwise i just have no explanation
i always wanted to return to 5th grade. now i'm there! thanks captain of industry!
you understand she started it right. sorry i ended it lmao
do you know what my shirt is made of? boyfriend material.
i thought it was made out of cotton
you would blatantly cheat!
*improvising. not cheating
things i wonder baseball players talk with glove on face: "dude, my butt itches."
you know they do say that.
you don't understand the amount of happiness guys get from shit like this
who's the dude in jean shorts ?
we choose peace. do you? take the pledge that you will observe 24 hours of non-violence on sept. 21st...
i really understand your point. and i'm a white woman in rural northern ca. every day is non-violent so now what?
i know i'm back to san francisco when a cute little beagle officer comes to sniff me at the international baggage claim.
welcome back home.
we need your help in austin!
awesome let's chat!
hi tweets u r taking the day off "sleep well" he'll see you at the debate. prove him wrong call into ?
andrea is a drunk trump whore.
future family guy episode idea: bring back stewie's old babysitter and have brian date her
i'm always overflowing with ideas. hire me as a writer for the show
no idea why it's not up for preorder yet, but i expect it to show up soon
600 minutes! 10 hours. yes please!!
so if it's slowed to the point where you can't load anything you would still consider that unlimited data?
you can definitely still load things, including almost all major media sources.
happy birthday cuz !! hope you had a good day. keep up the hard work. hope to see you soon
thank you ! i know you've been ballin as well yeah hopefully i see you soonhope everything is good w/ you :)
that happened. i swear.
go to bed murph..i got this..easy peasy
there is freedom within, there freedom without
there is*
back on ship tmrw till the 23rd
you guys are getting back on?? wtf
somebody just said they're happy with mongo as a ha data store solution. this is why i don't go to meetups anymore.
it's my understanding that ha was never in question. but consistency though...
anyone know anyone who works at paypal?
we offer outstanding payment gateway solutions! visit our website:
chels is gona be really sad
awwww that was her fav celeb couple??
it's hard to get overly concerned about losing a made up tournament when you remember either trump or hillary will be president
all things considered, there are two teams essentially called team millennial and team leftovers, so your judgement is valid
check out the purple speak up cup that allows you to write in the candidate or cause you are passionate about!
good to know. still would like to see a green party, recycled paper cup one day!!
how everyone is feeling about the split...
you should have known melody...
you have no idea.4days i've been getting pics like this.they all came from trump supporters.ppl wake up
may i suggest that you report this to the anti defamation league in ny. it is headed by jonathan greenblatt, formerly worked for potus
halloween squad. oneysc spazkid
haha adorable
im surprised you still even try with these people. they live for it.
yah we've all had different backgrounds this is tricky 4 some &amp; emotional at least everyone here is talkingread
scream queens is still awful pass it on.
oh thank g-d you agree. i read a quick recap and my first thought was that keke palmer and billie lourd deserve better
crazy. (the 5-of-5 on 4th down really made a difference though)
was the difference in the game. not often a team rushes for 250-plus yards, is at least even in to battle and loses the game.
watch the music video:
gaga even though i could listen your new songs and your security didn't let me in, i still fucking love you!
please donate to support the beautiful komleva family &amp; keep them in your prayers
thank you love
why don't you just them on 360 lol
i got em, just having the 360 hooked up feel redundant
my homeboy teddy wanted to tell everyone good night! xoxox
peace out pup
a rare clunker from syndergaard and another strong outing from teheran throws a bit of a wrench into the easy schedule narrative.
it's just too bad that those two events couldn't be combined into one awful night instead of two slightly less lousy ones
tamar ain't going back no matter how much they offer nor how hard they try
(you not about to get me in trouble tonight lol for saying what i really want to say)
bruce bochy has never lost a postseason series? that's wild
he lost the 2004? world series to the yankees. he hasn't lost one managing the giants
succumbing to the comedy and following you might be one of the best things i ever did on twitter
thank you dear
don't think no one finds it funny but giants fans, i understand tho.
like you said bro, not that serious. villareal tomorrow doeeeee
650 supporters joined us in the pouring rain in williamsburg, va. virginia is ready to elect !
god bless him! rain or shine these are great supporters of a dedicated team. vote for change! trump/pence
fuck no lol idk y everyone started laughing too
what happened to your avi
three fictional characters...
i expected 3 images of palpatine
white people ruin memes
sorry for my contribution to the memecide but i didnt choose the meme life, it chose meme
i need to find a side hustle fixing household computer/tech stuff. i'm good at it and i usually don't hate doing it.
fix my notifications problem with my phone. i'll pay you in a twitter
i still wanna know how trey songz got away with making smartphones like he literally says "i'm gonna lie right to her face" lmaoooo
"idk what i'm gonna say, but i know that i'm gonna say whatever it takes" that's dead how y'all think huh?
how come no one is talking about rex reed's glasses in "tab hunter confidential?"
rex &amp; jiminy glick have the same optometrist.
i've been very busy today taking photos with an iphone 7 plus.
i'm a believer
cespedes was trying to hit that ball to laguardia.
try newark airport on the ~75 mph pitch. on a straight 4-seam he could've hit westchester with that swing
sergio romo is the first man out of the bullpen in the ninth.
he's done that before as i recall.
it's made out of our future
uhm.... well i have a lot of shirts so you can keep yours . . .
they honestly do
and poor john stamos. poor, poor john stamos. give me him as jean hamm in galavant over this swill any day.
all you dumbasses jumping on board to pick on a random girl on the internet are beyond pathetic.
did u understand that she started this fight
im writing a paper about how i experience literacy and damn books have really shaped my life?
i have a list of books that i feel profoundly affected me academically and emotionally like a mile long
dear equal space in ? the other side of the story. equally unconventional cardiologist....
thanks, interesting piece. enjoyed watching your debate with dr. malhotra the other day.
i think the original tweet was referencing macbook pro? definitely aware of the 12" macbook slowness (i own one) (still a fan of it)
that would be super impressive if the iphone 7 can beat the pro.
we're urgently looking for experienced &amp; / to work on various projects in our v.busy studio. dm us please
we have good experience in website design/development. our portfolio: email: leads.com
go to sleep
i'm about to. this was lindsay's fault but i guess it doesn't matter.
i heavily fuck with my job
i heard theirs a opening in day shift
start today and save 73% off!
i joined didn't get a date..so screw off eharnony lol
that's probably what i heard tbh lol
still a goat coach tho
and that's what the cops said so of course we know it's 100% truth, right?
that's a lot of initial key confirmed facts &amp; will only get more there with weapon trace etc yet ur rt-sometimes
your little boner is the cutest
add a pair of thick glasses and i'm your guy.
can you guide me towards a typed language that also has a rock solid set theory stdlib?
on the surface python is really great, but there's a whole bunch of stuff that's burning me.
oh god, now madbum is looking right at me, i swear i didn't initiate the eye contact, please don't murder me madbum
he's licking his chops coming for you!
i'm a sex positive person. i believe sex is positive and i'd like to have more of it.
you must have turned 39!
... people do that??
school id, through on campus police!
what must ut do to win sat?
be at least plus-1 in to, play a much cleaner game than 1st 3 games, commit to the run (with dobbs) and put heat on appleby.
my phone screen cracked more today. it's super frustrating to text/tweet now. i wanna fight
lmao you fight? since when?
oh have you seen the babadook? i really like it. it's like a creepy movie that makes you feel paranoid and exhausted
yeah i thought that was a really cute concept
the ninth inning belongs to sergio romo.
sit down yasiel!
i'm gonna be on medical leave for carpal tunnel for the next two weeks so lmk if u wanna hang out especially if i don't have to use my hands
hey, good luck. hope healing goes well!
here's an idea: lose the damn studio audience at the debates. no one cares about hearing their circus noises. treat it like kennedy/nixon.
i kinda agree seth.
hmm maybe. basically i have a bunch of shape layers that i want to composite into a single matte with alpha...
not sure for an alpha on that... precomp and blast the desired color into black or what and you've got a luma though
u are, who questioning this
myself lol why are you in victorville b?
omg no way! i thought you just went straight to the dmv and purchased another one for like 20$
it's for my school id, on campus police station will help out with that if you don't wanna pay full amount for a new one!
my dog peggy have two benches in the park where she loves to sit on it ...
what a beautiful &amp; sweet girl. hugs
can u say winning trump shatters gop "grassroots record" $100 million from "small donations"
honest money from dedicated n hard working people that want a better future for their families. trump/pence.
so the lady gaga video was ok but it is a far cry from the effort she normally puts in her previous music videos.
the song sucks so...i totally get the video.
where the fuck is will
on the other side
a tweet from you would make me feel better .
don't make her cry tho
they were in the cocaine import business together, too.
who could forget the boys on the tracks?
i think cli's everywhere would benefit from a --yolo option.
what would that do? random mix of available args?
i better pass this philosophy exam tomorrow
boo it's nothing 2 u
stop trying to guess my age! lol
not guessing. women reach their sexual peak in their late 30s. it's science.
on the other side
all jokes aside bri, he was part of the cast too.
andre ethier still plays baseball?
lol i was thinking the same thing!
how is reaching out to african-american voters? , &amp; deroy murdock weigh in now on .
by not apologizing for his 5 year run as a birther. african-americans will never notice
art trade with d0nut on fa of their awesome weredog character, hunter
ooo this looks really nice :o
ur sc story has me
hahaha it's hella funny
tried allo. so disappointing... looks like they even removed the fun slide up ux to make your message bigger?
ahhh thanks guys. just wasn't sliding on the send button. appart from that tho, pretty boring messaging app.
why have hella irrelevant shirts in your life when adrian got the perfect shirt for you
i have like way too many shirts i don't want adrians
do i know any app developers?? i need someone that can develop an app on a professional scale. real money. real work.
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app. our pf email to leads.com
did you say this before cueto getting hurt? if so, i blame you
everything happens for a reason my child
dear equal space in ? the other side of the story. equally unconventional cardiologist....
ps i did write a feature on a a vegan cardiologist, kim williams, abt his vegan advice to patients
avocados are really good for the hair , sounds crazy but it works magic lol.
i've heard about it but i've never tried it
nothing makes me trust muslims more than a muslim stabbing non-muslims specifically.
great point!
. another black thug with nothing to do. maybe he should have gone to school so he doesn't have to sell dope and get a job.
what a horrible thing to say. you know nothing about him or his situation. you sir, are the problem.
no me first
hey guys i got questions for both of you!! if you would like to dm
thank god that's over
the season or the game
of course. bravo!
-the entire world must get on this bandwagon to deny the government of russia legitimacy! it has proven it is not!
.: "[] thinks he's the president of the world, when instead...he's a failed president of the usa."
mr 9-9-9 is back. what a brilliant character witness.
lmfao you already know we rocking for life, ti
fashojust had to make sure we on the same page lol
i get so excited about buying people gifts and spoiling them... like i can't wait to give bella her gifts tomorrow
i feel like i get 10x more excited about giving than receiving.....
that entire cast deserves better, even taylor lautner (okay, maybe not him)
preach, my beautiful bearded man. (sorry, just binged galavant, i'm in a bombastic broadway kind of mode.)
how old is utley now, 60?
he's jerkty-six old i'm sure.
im so stressed
i haven't even started classes yet but i'm soo hella stressed lowkey
he didn't know at the time, given the past week that's where his mind went
it doesn't matter even if the cop was white. how is that a defendable response at all?!
me- "what you said just said made my heart hurt" - "that's why i said it"
i still love your wounded heart my sweet friend
7 more sleeps until trip to twitchcon :)
i've only got 2 ;)
so you can never feel like a 3rf wheel again .. we need to find you a friend lol
lmfao im never 3rd wheeling chentes always is!!!!
where are the website designers?
we have good experience in website design/development. our portfolio: email: leads.com
now the favorite time for fans: the 9th with a lead. ...
prayers answered.
myself lol why are you in victorville b?
wildin out here
wish that i could hangout with on the regular
i wish too pls come to ny soon
phewf. show me a picture of me and tell me i'm pretty.
i'll try to find one for on insta
on the surface python is really great, but there's a whole bunch of stuff that's burning me.
e.g. i'm trying to use weakkeydictionary and i have to subclass immutable sets for _no fucking reason_.
what if cops lobbed canisters of weed smoke into the crowd instead? the whole country needs to chill.
let's do it!! sorry couldn't find emoji bong snap
kubo was such a good film. someone help.
loved every moment of it
he deserves me
neil, neil, you can do so much better. how does a nice jewish doctor sound? (or your fave doctor. whichever.)
had to delete that mirror pic as per request of tweet subject but if u wanna see it hmu
i actually didn't care anymore once i realized my legs look really good
go show my insta pics some love for 100 extra entries in all giveaways
id actually die
i didn't know i was allowing my intern to have interns
what the heck y'all need to go to sleep
nooooo i'm so sorry tom ! (also my regret was that it was a really disappointing donut and i don't want to eat one ever again)
good doughnuts are hard to find. diets are awful thanks for your sympathy i'll just be here dreaming of all you can eat k-bbq
*ahem* donald trump
no, that's wrong. the answer if you
producers!!! send in your demos to apekofficialpromo.com to be featured in next weeks episode of !!
i'm almost ready to send you something... jordan helped give some tips for this track i'm wrapping up :)
oh ok... people do that too? lol
lmao yessss to get a discount cause yo girl ain't tryna pay full price for a new id
yeah it's not johnny blaze, it's some new kid: wears a mask over his flaming skull...?
it's too confusing.
the reason msm won't cover it is because it's a private matter and the woman will not talk to them...bs
he's threatened to sue any publication that reports on it.
he gets down !
lmaooo, u been peeping the gc?
*ahem* donald trump
no, that's wrong. the answer is you.
do you have any swamp-ass remedies? i've tried numerous techniques, yet my ass will still get swampy sometimes
dude rub some baby powder in there
i'm looking for a web developer to help me finish a website i started, if any of you are interested just dm me. please and thank you :)
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
was 's solution for extended tweets to link app users to read the rest of tweet on mobile web? because it's an awful experience now.
if you're still seeing links to mobile twitter from the app, get the newest update and/or force quit the app &amp; restart it. thanks
loneliness is real. i do not fuck with this
you can be surrounded by people and still feel lonely as fuck
why spread lies?
here's the federal court record for this case
there was a pirate party tonight and people in pirate costumes ran through campus knocking on our doors to follow them
too bad it wasn't lit for me
i'm so excited that is becoming a reality because we literally live in the basement.
girl, you better watch what ya say on the tweeter!
you should be loling the giants for their pathetic 2nd half.
5 games. 1 up in the wc.
the giants, mets and cardinals are tied atop the wild card standings. please direct all tiebreaker questions to
love the finesse of that move! great play alex!!! i'm hoping the cubs make it a mute point.
it's 12:01am in indiana. where the fuck are my birthday wishes
happy birthday bb!!! - new york
why does he look high in this?
he look like he don't give a fuck
i guess, but do other programing languages have a concept of javic? phpic? perlic? r'ic? not that i know...
i think so. in ruby, for example, they have a thing called rubocop to enforce code style
at the top of the bay w my cute ass bae we were @ mt. tamalpais
his shirt is dope af
i am determined to get the best. michigan fans yall know the drill
come on now ... playing with jabrill, now that't playin' with the best. go blue!
the downside of working all day is there's no time to fix leaky tires. thank goodness for bk's 24 hour repair shops!
the tread is unevenly worn and almost bald on one side. you should have the car's suspension checked out. bigger issue there.
giants gonna win because i'm watching
you're welcome
get off his dick meek violated the game
booo!!!! that nigga violated odeee two tracks straight
final: 2, dodgers 0. after last night? well, i'll be a gosh darn monkey's uncle.
this is huge!! any update on craw or johnny?
sometimes u feel like a nut/ sometimes u don't / almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
only in anime you can make something terrible look beautiful.
am i trippen or is this not mcdonald's ? i am pretty sure that mcdonald's logo is an m not two nn
it was more of the budget dropped because of the credit cards, it wasn't my intention to drop it
got it. interesting you saw so much variance between payment types then.
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
before you spout off, you might want to know it is legal in nc to be armed with a gun. fact so even if he was. what's the crime
now that's silly chair got 2 follow conccarry &amp; gen. guidelines for key reasons as such ur land/shootrange
come to watsonville!!!!!!!
ugh i forrral need to make a trip over there and see you!!!!
miss you and brandon i'll be back soon!
brandon said "he's super dope" and im gonna cry ok
when a man screams in arabic, asks victims whether they are muslim, and then starts hacking people with knives, it's islamic terror.
thanks for accurately naming the enemy ideology. there is no radical islam, or islamism. only islam.
tonight's podcast:
i did miss it. wtf did you pull it from ? guess i'll be listening to a different sports podcast from now on. \_()_/
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
sure! her experience and attitude remind me of steve jobs saying how paul rands only made one next logo and no other options.
so that works if you're an individual contributor that is so sought out that you are your own brand w/ a unique design voice.
want to go see anthony green in oakland tomorrow but don't really wanna go alone lol
last time i went to metro opera house so many people got their car broken into
it was more of the budget dropped because of the credit cards, it wasn't my intention to drop it
i've used both a manual budget in excel and ynab recently, both have helped me view cc and cash equally
effect. i'm sorry...i can't stop myself. it's a problem. you know i love you. i'm gonna go read your book now.
yes, you are right. damnit
who knew the answer was the guy with 80 career saves. three-way tie for wild card.
too easy i guess. he's looked great since coming off the dl.
playing video games is healthier than scientology. you get my point. it costs a lot of money to be hypnotized into paying more money. evil.
or you can go the route to spend a lot of money to sound like a stoned hippie without taking the drugs.
@ decades of ppl mysteriously dying,hillary stands for corrupt manipulating lying career politician liar
sure let's pick the xenophobia peddling candidate instead cuz that's better.
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
madonna should be mad. this gaga song sounds like papa don't preach
are you for real? nothing at all like it...just stop!
9th inning for fans
giants close one out
happy birthday
thanks steph curry!
a much appreciated retired lawyer who is watching the trial
i figure mumford is mentioning finicum and adverse, knowing objections be sustained, but hoping to plant questions in jurors minds
that's you bro lmao and thank you man i appreciate it
lmao enjoy it bro. by any means hennecessary
when asks you go gather 100 people in an hour, you do it.
ask her to please do something special for us san francisco fans!
or you can go the route to spend a lot of money to sound like a stoned hippie without taking the drugs.
i'll take the drugs, myself.
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
that sounds like something i should have done.
ugh so pretty
great to meet the 2016 tso apprentices. good luck guys!
thinking about you and i wish i attended your session!
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
idk what is is about pigs and dogs but they get along so well lol
it's so cute
it was more of the budget dropped because of the credit cards, it wasn't my intention to drop it
theoretically, that is. i've never gone 100% cash to see how it'd be. i'd like to think it'd be no diff, but can't say
enjoy the journey, don't stress about the destination; trust you'll end up where you are meant to.
so wise wife
this and kessel sums up the night.
holy shit that's brutal. glad
wooooohoooo we needed that win desperately!!!
it was soooo needed. i don't need more stress in my life b.
i was strutting around the fashion district and central park in nyc today, but i didn't see you, selena
lol strutting? hope you brought some libations, s loves that
let's take care of us first-house our homeless-feed our hungry-school our kids-rest later
we can do all of that without trump. i'd rather get hit by a train than to vote for him.
35 days until 2016-17 nba season!
is just jumping on the train to win a chip
he can have a gun, isn't that a gun in your photo. should you be shot because you are armed, would that be acceptable to you?
that's crazy michka appreciate ur heart passion but that is a little crazy-not reality what you're saying rethink??
hey remember that one time when romo struck out like 8 straight hitters but kept being used in the 7th while casilla blew save after save?
for all we know romo blows the next save, but shocked bochy hadn't gone to him months ago
wildin out here
stop being a callejera. i bet your mom can't sleep with you in the street
don't worry about them, the love of your huge fan base over rules the few haters out there, you got this! love you
thats not the point. people should be accountable for their actions
macos sierra all the things
once the 4.77gb download is complete this sweet icon looks so great.
happy birthday
thank you kylie :) whitney dance is very lucky to have someone as good as you !
oh. my. god. tony bennett in la
wow! sing it tony!
swear it better not rain i'm trying to skate tomorrow
farreal its my day off tomorrow too im tryna skate
it's 21 on network. 100 mb off network then data frozen til you're back on.
's website currently says throttling begins for top 3% of users which is currently 26gb.
evidently its common to dream of turning up at an exam without preparation. never had this dream, more like reality:
experienced it many times
says the person who is playing basketball rn
finished my term already wbu
i'm grateful for this struggle.
it'll feel good later on in life knowing i've experienced all things over the pendulum.
wait. what? a save!
i almost forgot what those were...
ok, that sounds definitely even worse...
it boils down to maintainability and life of code. when you code alone in the dark it doesn't really matter. in a team it does.
tb to when i was bald
what that mouth do?
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
says the person who is playing basketball rn
finished my mid term already wbu
what she really means: britts not here no more to give me rides and buy me food
no one to talk to when i'm lit
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
are you okay jiggly??? people can be so cruel. ):
i'm good i'm just looking to make sure people understand all actions have consequences n should pay
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
im sorry but how on earth would that be good??
i never read the original so i don't know if it's different but it was good and wasn't abusive as much as people said after was
the president picks a team, which then does 99.9999% of the work. a clinton white house would be run by google lobbyists.
run by google lobbyists! wow. martians in the west wing, too, maybe? this is too nutty.
anyone else just see that huge flash of light and hear a loud boom?
what was that
great fellowship, great food, great friends! congressional black caucus prayer breakfast!
i am sure they all loved trump's non-apology for 5 years of denigrating obama. none of them realized that birtherism was racist.
any of y'all joined the basketball team cause y'all miss me??
yeah i made the men's basketball team geo
still 5 games up. this has been , thanks for following along. see you tomorrow for game 3. goodnight.
the goal:obviously win the division first,but do it as early as possible to set up the pitching for gm1,2 indc
stop being a callejera. i bet your mom can't sleep with you in the street
my mom out here wildin w/ me
it's right here
i'm crying i'm laughing so hard
. . . thanks donna
thank you kent for sharing such beauty and lovely words. have a wednesday full of happy memories.
if brad can cheat on the absolutely stunning jennifer and angelina, don't think your dude won't cheat on you.
really? i was shocked by the news yesterday!
gl reign... i mean ... sirius! insanely strong roster. let's see if you can beat tsm in autumn
hah, ggwp and challenge accepted, sir.
what's a good series on netflix?!
gossip girl, how to get away with kurder
would be crazy if it finishes this way a week from sunday.
&gt;&gt; playoff to play in the playoff
ocean eyes (astronomyy edit)-billie elilish still wild-la mar thru- vallis alps hostage-danrell x smland
thanks girl! gunna listen to them and let you know how i like them!
jordan will you shut up and believe in god for 1 minutr
god made pickle juice for a reason
telling a man who should kill himself that he should is a friendly, helpful suggestion.
opinion has been registered thank you lol
i find it irritating, to say the least! clicked on the links a few times and then have started avoiding them like the plague!
yes twitter should keep its individuality
against me! &amp; screaming females, 6/17/2011. the cutting edge of punk rock at chicago's essential venue, metro.
omg that was so good, and so much fun. was it really that long ago?
my film teacher said anyone with a camera can make two shots look like one just by editing them together, so it's not impressive anymore.
the amount of work to make two shots look like one takes loads of time and effort. it's not simple. she keeps giving the class wrong info.
or you can go the route to spend a lot of money to sound like a stoned hippie without taking the drugs.
how would you rate the guy at 0:34s from 1-10 for his creepy pickup line dating factor? cc
i'm fine! life is fine! everything is going great!
why are you awake
your ppl been killing blacks for centuries. let me know when a white man is hung for looking at a blk woman.
dee that's kind of crazy wild statement there-not that others dont generalize understand emotion but?wth
herman cain: "people are not believing when he says...that we are safer &amp; people are more prosperous. no we...
i agree mr. cain, we are not safer
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/ almond joy's got nuts/
my data is back on and tbh wat doesn't kill u truly does make u stronger
i've become way better at problem solving and thinking on my feet.
the hell is a mute point? a quiet assertion?
the cards face cubs at wrigley next. face arieta &amp; hendricks
but its from the app. if its fan made she posted it on there
yes, the app version is not fanmade.
sometimes. i'd have to bribe him by telling him i would take one with him
i knew it couldn't have sound as bad as it seemed
a good boyfriend is one that kills spiders for you
a good boyfriend is one that captures the spider in a cup and lets is free out the window. he knows you wou...
definitely the other guy. dude sent granny scrambling for life alert.
yeah but everyone is expecting the grandma to fall. you had a competent teen in front of you.
hmmm, bin laden's brother lives in trump tower and paid millions to trump
lived. not lives. in 1986. try again.
um i said cute &amp; i wasnt lying you rly are
it wasnt just you it was kristina too shuhssh
you have no idea.4days i've been getting pics like this.they all came from trump supporters.ppl wake up
thought you'd be interested.
want my nose ring back
will get my nose ring back
*fill in the blank* don't stop _____!
anyone who used the word "even".... you are the reason why we are losing
billie's show, "scream queens" debuted tonight...she was awesome..&amp; not just because i'm her mother. see 4 yourself
how many children do you have..she's lovely . got your flare
he's a has-been anyway. no one cares what he has to say.
trounced his son in primaries. if loses, jeb is 2020 frontrunner...
i love gshs and everyone at it! stoked to be back!
i love you too and im glad your back!
tweets are failing when ever i add a pic and crop it. if i add a pic that's cropped in the gallery it works...
were working on that one. i'll keep u posted
man cayenne lemonade is so crazy, such a crazy thing... like it's sweet and spicy and sour and delicious???
kinda reminds me of us.... hardcore and metal and fusion jazz and delicious
but i thought veggie pizzas were good for you :p
predator pizza though. don't go there.
hey hanging with at
this is why i couldn't answer my emails ;)
slide to red at 9am
im down if i can wake up that early
in every reincarnation they never end up happy thats my bread and butter
god ur the worst
p.s. -- if someone holds a knife to your throat, that immediately becomes the issue you care about.
"knife to your throat"?? your fear is 1) exaggerated 2) not based in fact. hrc will not nationalize the net. not gonna happen.
awesome talk as always sorry for not noticing the and ghosting out.
no worries! good to see you!
sick of all of this unrest, terrorism, violence, attacks on police, each other. what has america become?so much division.
america is being fundamentally changed by our pospotus just as he promised 8 yrs ago. some of ya'll voted for that
listen i love python's set impl; it has the most user hostile weakref impl.
also, fuckin' leakin bindings out of list comprehensions? that's amateur hour shit.
i'd be like "ruuunnn!" then i'd tell security "go catch his ass!"
no mamess. you really are an instigator then
4 years ago | clowning around with and his pal
hey eric, what's up? i was just thinking about you.
dang! most dedicated sfg fan goes to you lol
i'm not even a fan but i appreciate it!
kinda reminds me of us.... hardcore and metal and fusion jazz and delicious
tell me i don't know some shit about fusion jazz and i'll spit spicy lemonade in your eyes and play you some tracks
ahhh thanks guys. just wasn't sliding on the send button. appart from that tho, pretty boring messaging app.
ok just played with the feature with a friend, there's some good ideas, but not sure if i'd actually use it
anyone else get themselves super worked up @ 2am looking at their credit card statements and wondering how your gonna pay them?
also add figuring out what i'm gonna do about school to the list
"why did i take a picture of me" -
still confused
love your hair!!
thanks love
this is all the reason why you should!!!!
with this and my friend who cosplayed urien, i'm having so many doubts of getting my cosplay ver done now...
galton, an open source isochrone server using osrm, turf, &amp; concaveman! awesome work by the folks at ...
per my custom of sending all things isochrone your way
i totally agree but most internet trolls are just too cowardly and idiotic to do so. it's best to just ignore them
no that's not good enough. it's a crime
my mom just told me i have to put my dog on weight watchers
well meg when she's trying to eat a hot dog out of my goddamn mouth while i'm trying to eat it still, she's got some issues
i disagree on the analogy to rands. edna based her design decisions on usability testing, and communicated that to her client.
was it usability testing? or huge technological advantages like invisible cloth. that would be like rands making the computer.
getting slammed with your boy andrizzle
if you can up broooo haha
i hate michigan state people, with like a passion of a thousand suns.
patience grasshopper. we'll get em this year!
with or without?
both adorable in their own ways.
star wars is absolutely amazing. watch that first. the prequels are bad, but the original trio is fantastic.
megs never seen the prequels don't listen to anything she says about them
this is all the reason why you should!!!!
also you need a jewel on your forehand next time you stream
white house says it holds russia responsible for syria aid convoy attack
like putin will ever admit to that
matt moore pitching tomorrow, a lefties for you guys. puig will start. see what happens then
moore is a nice guy he won't do it. you know another pitcher would get him for that bullshit
true but that kid gets bonus points for being a savage.
also: who did this?
being a hopeless romantic stuck in a hookup era is a special type of hell.
you'll find a happy median
how are you bub??
i though i tweeted this..
you okay baby? if anybody comes for you i'll snatch their ratchet ass weave
lol i'm ok. i am just going to be vigilant in protecting my friends n family. this needs to stop.
tweet me! what are you eating for dinner tonight??? (we are family friendly ~ keep the alcohol related tweets to yourself!!!)
. i had a burger w red onion, tomato, romain lettuce. ketchup and mayo!
the mean one?
if that was what you were , yeah
they're used in compatibility mode for the new tweet payload that exceed 140 chars w/ attachment urls.
apps must update to get the longer text and offsets (has been documented for a few months, so h...
i feel like i glo'd up so much since high school and if you disagree you can suck it
shut up you were always gorgeous
took down a level 9 gym solo because the area is pretty imbalanced with mystic recently. there goes my potions lol
and of course mystic tries to copy me lol. nice try ;) that cp12 charmander was pretty intimidating lol
recently watched all of the '97 berserk for the first time than 3 eps of this year's adaptation. only 3, which should hint as to my opinion.
3,506 words. longest thing i've written in a while. going to try to make the final product a mixture of scripted and rambling.
idk if there are laws but i'm willing to fight someone if they're bullying you. you don't deserve that bullshit.
i'm a scrapper but when you're fuckin with my people is war
honest question: why drop a pretest? it's not like they're penalized for a lost protest
astros didn't benefit from call in long run, so doesn't matter.
when you gladly risk it all.
- thanks for the retweet bro.
baby, you're the only light i ever saw
fuck my ex boyfriend. he gives legit mixed signals and i thought he was my world at one point.
everything always leads back to php eventually...
btw am i up too late or are you up too early?
you asked me what my tickets were
that was a compare and contrast thing to see how much shit i was in tho
what about a nice jewish doctor who
i feel like this should be a category for "seeking" on tinder and okc.
finished reading a book about a priest who gets sodomized by aliens and also all of his friends die. real uplifting stuff borat voice not
you forget to mention that coffee is crack perfume to the aliens and the people eat alien babies.
how would you rate the guy at 0:34s from 1-10 for his creepy pickup line dating factor? cc
having seen the animated gif so many times w/o sound, it's gratifying that he's going "bwooa...bwoosh..." like it looks.
i finished how to get away with murder already
come out new season thursday on tv!!!!!!!!!!! but watch gossip girl knows what's up
wouldn't it be a good idea to push that to the map? you still get the data, but still lower attack surface
each item could be an app, but the reverse of the large attack surface is a large third party dev surface. trade off
except whites don't blame blacks for white-on-white crime. but 95% of blacks murdered by blacks and it's whitey's fault.
blacks don't blame whites for black on black deaths. and let's not act holier than thou. whites kill whites at near 90%
this is going to get confusing
i know maybe i'll change mine. to what i gave before
i completely agree. being rude online isn't cute or funny.
it goes further than that. is actually a crime punishable by law.
btw am i up too late or are you up too early?
also double by the way i just got done hanging out with
i feel like i glo'd up so much since high school and if you disagree you can suck it
shut up you were always gorgeous
elaborate please. can't see down under
meaningless now
we need a 24 hr apple store in atlanta like new york
losing a macbook charger will ruin ur night. the worst.
hah, ggwp and challenge accepted, sir.
btw by reign i believe you meant vega*
i don't have a tv out here lmao who's ??
hahahhah same gossip girl is on netflix
have student debt? planning for college? see how much money hillary's plan would save you:
.......another reason to become and vote for hrc.... never trump
what brandi song is this? it's entirely too hard to hear over the crowd at this moment.
where are you right now?
well, maybe not usability testing, but learning from past mistakes? capes were clearly bad design, as they caused many deaths.
very true! she did iterate eventually. all i'm advocating for is to sound knowledgeable without sounding like a know-it-all.
day 7 calling you out brother, ...
looking emilio, you're doing great keep the faith guys ml&amp;r to you both
short film i helped produce + make. puttin da final touches together 2 submit 2 festivals this week. can't wait 2 share!
oh nice! how exciting! :d i can't wait to see
i suck at being a gf
i thought i was the girlfriend whaaa
same. i keep a big thing of hand sanitizer in my car door &amp; sanitizing wipes in the trunk. lol
i need to keep some in my car! i'm always disinfecting my whole house haha
its called emotionally abusive
okay i'm aware. but what i was told about the original was rape and abuse. i'm saying it's not like the original
hmmm, bin laden's brother lives in trump tower and paid millions to trump
and please stop believing everything you are told. do research and think for yourself.
can't front this concept is actually a dope idea!
smurf is the nig for this
taking applications rn will take islanders too
i can't with you guys
// you're too pretty, we've gotten really close this year again which is pretty cool (:
thankksss boo ;)
hey since u like tragic couples so much u should read fushigi yuugi genbu kaiden it also equally makes me wanna die
can u dm me a link to where i can read it? or u can just tell me where!
what about hush? look it up on netflix. it's like one of those home intruder movies but it was really good
is that the one with the masks
having seen the animated gif so many times w/o sound, it's gratifying that he's going "bwooa...bwoosh..." like it looks.
i don't want to make assumptions about the gender that donna is supposed to be in that sketch, but i don't want either of them near kids.
no biggie, just a new logo and new site - and i'm totally :cat_with_heart_eyes:. see for yourself -...
new - congrats &amp; team!
lmao why are you dragging leo at 2am, cant he mourn brangelina in peace like the rest of us
no he can never shine!
lefty millennials are by far the dumbest generation ever to live in america. completely useless.
agree 100%they're spoiled, entitled, know it alls who know nothing, want what others worked hard for by the age of 25 instantly
does anyone wanna be creative tomorrow .. i feel like being around a human
me. what do you need
southbound was
haha yeah i saw that one already. i want to see red white and blue but they don't have it.
locked outta my house again
go get a burrito!!
maybe thursday when he comes out. banana hammock time
don't forget your jewel on the forehead you should stream like that now
this . happens . every . time .
lmaooo this is too cute
you just got nationally embarrassed by louisville and you're talking? you nole fans are incredibly stupid
beat us then talk.
after a rainy night in from the early morning warplanes's shift is on now on the besieged city.
thoughts and prayers for the syrians in and all of
it is 100% legit awesome. so incredibly cool.
i'm in. really hope it gets funded. thanks for the tip!
hey from nz! who's your fave kpop groups?
big bang and 2ne1
i guess that means yes, all guilty...
guilty of what? read the quran, meathead. then we'll talk.
monterrey airport, with ignoring me
this is me on so many levels
i don't want to make assumptions about the gender that donna is supposed to be in that sketch, but i don't want either of them near kids.
donna's incompetent as an astronomy teacher &amp; the other one's super creepy. i don't watch a lot of tim &amp; eric bc i don't like cringe humor.
its on twitter lulz
there's no rain near me lulz
so, the announced their biggest crowd since 2012. i'm guessing 15,000 people came, got there vin bobbleheads, and left.
why do you say that? did it look empty? people leave early to avoid the traffic.
about time. they were so close when theo was a kid.
i think they still are. but for whatever reason the writers refuse to show that.
i back up everything i say , i'm built different fr
i understand.. but i done been where you trying to go after hs and being cocky make you look weak bro boys not go respect you..
oh that makes more sense ok questions now, how much of a discount? and how much does an id cost for you to be needing a
the id cost $22 and the one issued with the police is $6, i want the discount because i also need to replace my ca id
i miss your shy account
i'm done being shy
this coming from giants beat reporters....
it was def mad bum's fault. worst part is we fucking lost that game
wait till 6pm when the new totw comes out and the glitch magically "disappears" for everyone. i would open your packs then btw
what was the glitch?
thats why i said also open them
the reason men open the door is to make sure the woman gets in the car okay, as the protector and as a gentleman.
press releases: illegitimate duma elections in occupied : (from )
-the duma illegitimate! the world must tell the truth about russia!
ok, time to get a bit of drawing done.
add a bed and that's my whole space
ohh well i don't know. i have only read the first 2 books
i like them even tho there's emotional abuse i've read all of them the persons that i read made the 4th different
obligatory back me up here
computers are gay, 3ds is bae
this is how i find tucker when i get home every work day waiting on me.
wonderful tim. tucker is a real sweetheart. smart too! happy wednesday
we want in the ...
i count at least three grammatical errors in your lil picture there.
i suck at being a gf
actually no you're not but i'll tell you what you are is crazy bc you the bestest and ily
lowkey was going to but the bakery was closed.
gonna start slanging burritos
donna's incompetent as an astronomy teacher &amp; the other one's super creepy. i don't watch a lot of tim &amp; eric bc i don't like cringe humor.
but that one is palatable to me. they're both just so awful at what they're trying to do. they both have the steve jobs black shirt, too.
thanks rozzy. yr here is up to where he is on trial for the jack impersonator thing &amp; was at work. why did he fire michael?
michael tried to sabotage victor's defense
anyone switch from dual screens to an ultrawide 4k? thinking about this lg monster...
yup. curved lg at work and a similar samsung at home. love 'em both.
ohh well i don't know. i have only read the first 2 books
if you don't mind can you link them to me my friend wants to read them and i can't find completed ones anymore
democrats are in full panic mode cnn is giving jihadi obama a full hour 2 bash trump b/c sick hillary is losing in...
hopefully the obama anti-white video comes out soon .
i will continue to work with our manager &amp; chief on officer involved shooting. we are reaching out to community to ask for calm.
if you don't treat police that commit crimes the same was as citizens, you are only on one side of it. take action.
right. best to make your client think they had the idea, not you :p
exactly! it's the inception approach. sometimes i act like columbo and ask dumb clarification questions that make my point.
discount in the first place omg and what school lol
so instead of paying over $50 for two id's i can spend like $30
i feel i know who this is about.its so sweet that you're taking action. nobody deserves to get death threats.esp.over a show
even if it wasn't phi. i think it's gone too far. way too far.
soundcloud is such shit now. i used to spend all my time on there. now it's just internet rappers and tropical trash
and people who wear pastel hats with emojis on them
dude i get buckets and i'm nice! where they at though?
don't take advice from ryan
life without you is like a broken pencil, pointless
are you a dictionary? because you add meaning to my life.
any alumni interested in some freelance web development work? looking for php and/or graphic design. dm or e-mail me.
submit your details here:
5 exams in 7 days came out of nowhere faster than cudi jumping back to the man on the moon 2 flow
bruh im hip!!!! shit came out the cut for me too.
excited to see what people build for google assistant. that's potentially the killer app for allo.
feels like allo, alexa and siri are closest to the solution, given their accessibility. especially siri....
wing me sometime i'm tired of getting costed
i'm trash bro whut
aw it's sold out wish i could see u
we didn't say it's sold out we said it could sell out if you don't buy advance tix
anyone switch from dual screens to an ultrawide 4k? thinking about this lg monster...
oh wait misread that. thought about it but went with ultrawide. no regrets.
hope to see u there tmrw with ur girls my 2 can't wait
that's the only downside to an amazing trip. next time, i promise! but gr8 to hear you're taking the munchkins
that confidence tho lmao
thanks for knowing the difference
i made a comment - i had no ideal i needed a degree in black history .... ignorance is a voluntary misfortune -
pro tip: minorities don't generally appreciate people in the majority speaking for them.
belt you fuckers!!!!
i've missed that tweet. good to have it back.
let's hit a beer run lmao it's been a minute
it has been a min haven't done one since like a week or two after edc widdit thoooo
are you a dictionary? because you add meaning to my life.
i may not be a photographer but i can sure picture us together forever
looks just great that she took a bribe &amp; kept it.
hahaha! right, what kind of logic is that?
he didnt even start out as a republican but now hes milking the people loyal to the gop for votes
why would anyone be loyal to the gop? they sold us out which led to trump. we are free to vote or not.
--now now no need for that-let yourself be loved separate from the leftist hate!
just cuz i oppose everything trump stands for it doesn't there's hate. unlike some of his support
ghostbuster's new starring actor. practicing the skills i need to catch
spread the love and retweet and favorite my posts plz
sorry for q's. how did victor work that out?
i actually can't remember! but somehow it became obvious michael was gaslighting him
aww ruby i don't get your notifications but i love you girls
we love you more kim and were def the three musketeers of kevin
constantly in awe of the discography, no matter how many times i listen. britney has my heart always. my . but madonna is truly the queen.
i'm in an american life week.
i didn't expect to like find my teenage students so unannoying. some of them are so genuine and sweet and are really trying.
i feel like i was them like yesterday but really i've grown so much.
6 ecu students nabbed after trying to steal dog for revenge, police say via
lmao they jumped straight out of a tommy bahama ad
parliament outlaws newly elected duma, its acts to be deemed as illegitimate...
-the duchy of muscovy's duma is the illegitimate government of russia!
come to the gym soon!!!
i miss you and ghost so much
but super predator was clearly racist.
still don't get it
lol same turns out, i actually made it to the game
i'll black u out homecoming, like last year
exactly! it's the inception approach. sometimes i act like columbo and ask dumb clarification questions that make my point.
about half the time, the questions are simply consensus-building. the other times, i'll learn something and iterate again.
are you a dictionary? because you add meaning to my life.
you must be religious because you are the answers to my prayers
do you know a wordpress expert who may be looking for a full0time job as a support person for my software company? hit me up!
please give us a call : 212.209.1537 to discuss further about your requirements!
i fully support this, get that money
forreal i ain't tryna spend more than i have to cause i still gotta pay for graduation
functions help more to the maintainability than a specific style and programming idioms...
and that's recommended too. the style guide aims to make code more readable too by agreeing on arbitrary decisions. true.
it's 2am and not a single birthday nude yet smh
they can be recycled, i don't care
go to seafood city and get that good lumpia if ya know what i mean
oh lord!! on friday lets just go to every filipino shopping center
i think apple health is busted right now... at least i hope, because i suddenly have no data recorded at all in there, anywhere.
it's like you don't exist. maybe you never existed. maybe you're imagining me saying this right now
uhh community college? lol csn!
i'm heated i hate my school for playing us like this lol
is there even the slimmest possibility of adding set theory methods to the spec?
i'm bummed that we don't have `set.prototype.{union, intersection}`, etc.; too lazy to have to evaluate userland for that.
ball is life
i knew someone was gonna say this, it just had to be you
behave! shouldn't you be doing your homework?
here is your assignment read stolen legacy then come back with an intelligent tweet
pretty good start to the season. looking forward to more.
yeah. i was pretty happy with it. robbie is a badass.
i'm just tryna be down for one person and one person only but girls play games too
if someone's trynna play games then you gotta go, that's up to you whether or not you let them be played
missing someone is the absolute worst
missing school is the absolute worst where were u @ today
that is an awkwardly-worded and over-specified event being described.
its pretty unusual for a team to lose in the ninth after leading the eighth; its epically rare to do it 5x in a month.
life without you is like a broken pencil, pointless
i without you is like a sentence without space, shoes without laces, and a nerd without braces
give me a break. i haven't seen 2 protest in chicago, or st. louis, or new orleans to stop crime. but if cop does his job...
that's because you're not paying attention. so.
yes, because compared refugees to ... a delicious bowl of candy!
oh cunt coulter.. always being the spinster bitch you were born to be
!!! can't wait to get it!!! congrats on finishing!!
thanks so much!! so relieved &amp; excited!
leopold ii: as brutal as hitler, just far less known
"dr. livingstone, i presume you are providing christian cover for genocide"
sometimes i take the aux strictly to test if i'm in a car full of real ones or not.
whatchu be playin with the aux sis
project is mostly based on time (+frustration) spent using browser dev tools to do this; hope it helps!
now i want to compare implementations with this one originally from
functions help more to the maintainability than a specific style and programming idioms...
but once agreed it gets so much nicer to read other people's code, which is the point. that being said, peps are not mandatory
gamer girl joey, i'm 1/7 heroic and 2/7 normal. whats good?
congrats, blocked.
happy birthday matty your present is me not driving to nyc and suplexing you into a pile of trash
tbh would been hilarious if you suplexed me into that pressure cooker bomb
i'm so in love with this new season of !
it's going to be crazy
you must be religious because you are the answers to my prayers
you must be an expert thief because you stole my heart without even realizing it
lol why you think i dipped
congrats
no the noles beat the hurricanes you don't play
whatever you wanna say bruh.
bahahah ha are you sure
carter?
dang thats hella crazy
i was watching her for a koo minute like damn she's really smoking that shit rn
better then the people i play with i'm already down like $10 today gettig costed all day
yo join rn we can run 3s
. of is building a community playground in long beach this week. we talk about :...
slightly late with this tweet but great interview w/kind-hearted oosterhouse and congrats to you being verified!
im crying! he not chilling on you at all. its 2 am and he treating you like this
am i lying though?!?!?!
you're damn right it's infuriating.. i thought that was the joke at first
man you've got it rough
seriously this me trying to find evidence you play
lol you have a player as your avi.
i post things on snap, things i really hope people aren't taking too seriously like i'm just being funny
i love your snaps!
f u. didn't you just say the same to angular &amp; react &amp; ember &amp; &amp;. great to hang buddy. next time a burrito w/
haha i get you, though i think there's a difference between talkin' shit about your local grocer vs bashing tesco.
royal colors news: monte carlo: deep rose red, with a crisp white star, tiny cranberry throat and wide petals.
absolutely beautiful. great photograph
i'm really tempted because i'm literally the smartest in that class lol
woah that shit cray
you must be religious because you are the answers to my prayers
if i could take the alphabet and re-arrange it, u and i would be together
haha i get you, though i think there's a difference between talkin' shit about your local grocer vs bashing tesco.
(i attempted to localize this for y'all)
late night for davieshq in sf. as wolf blitzer would say, stand by.
we've been to the theater.
i lost full im done bro maybe tom i'll be on all fucking day bro
sheeeesh aight maybe bro
i was watching her for a koo minute like damn she's really smoking that shit rn
its hard to see ppl so low in life, like that lowkey hurts to see. esp. that nigga enduring her idk
we have to pay for graduation too? no manches
$100 just for the application, not including cap, gown, ribbons, sash or tassel (all separate)
great meeting y'all tonight!
likewise! always cool to encounter twitter people irl
: "next best place to sell fracking", "where to start a war", and "which corporations give the biggest donations?".
which crackpot antivazxxer conspiracy can i tout today?
okay bby thank u for the motivation
ofc love you and your makeup
i hope so .... just irritated at everything now
pray, and trust in god and all things will go as planned
what's the proper way to quit a job lol
walk up to your boss and put in your two weeks lol. that's what i did.
thought it was time for a change, finally changed my twitter pic after 6 years!
that's a big step lol
what do i do? i'll wake up at 7 &amp; run 6 miles, eat eggs for breakfast, read the paper, watch texas chainsaw massacre &amp; work on my book.
...and at 8?
you guys with iphones, get this
that set costs money
true i've been sick :(
i feel it :/ somethin's goin around, thas forsure
yeah i dont claim to play with them and why are you even talking about miami this is why you clowns are lame
cause you can talk when you slap somebody for over half a decade.
...and that's how we miss out on self improvement
this is so true! unpleasant truth=lamborgini whereas comforting lies=honda/toyota where did u find this doodle, tota da? this is
i promise i'm going to make them respect me especially if they another basketball player , i got a heart of a lion...
do that bro just don't be cocky like these other dudes on social media just save it for the court and leave it there...
shrapnel from chelsea bomb, including ball bearings, imbedded in bone. force of blast knocked car driver unconscious
its a miracle more weren't maimed or killed in each instance. our lord was watching over us. he has hope for us yet. thanks.
the fact that i'm legally an adult is hysterical
good, now you can take care of me
has 20 cameras in his face. not normal mindset
the woman he's with seems to agree, as if they already felt this way.
do u ever fave a video tweet that u kno u wanna watch but cant bc u don't have headphones so later u just go through ur likes &amp; watch it lol
this makes sense right
boo sometimes you have to say fuck people!!! or just...fuck people...
no. that's tolerance for it.nope no longer.
i am working on an illustrator project ft. the killingest crossdresser on planet. is there a file 4 the font on yr shirts?
this font/image file. any chance you got it? xxo
when the last text you got says "just got off the bus" but it's been 4 hours so you're convincing yourself he wasn't hit by a car.
rly though any words of comfort/tips for toning down the crazy are appreciated.
omg he added me too but i didn't accept
you sont understand, after he followed me he went and followed just about everyone i follow, navy people and distant fam...
instead of focusing on what's in front of you by the way usf is fucking good you rather focus on us
lol who's focused it's a guarantee we beat y'all. like don't act new to this.
agreed. would love to see that costume for rider but i know you've said that would be a lot of work :) may have to get the tu.
we talked about it, we just didn't have enough time to do a robbie enhanced costume the right way. still possible!
pink and black make a good combo.
my two favorite colors. black being the first. former emo/scene chick here.
: a of the minority. by brian whitmore, via (rh)
the government of and its duma is no longer the legitimate ruler of russia.
mailbox and package thefts caught on video at a pasadena condo complex. now victims fear identity theft. 11pm
saw the story. surprised packages that don't fit being left on the ground. shouldn't notice be left in box or on resident's door?
nah but he followed me too
bruhhhhhh he followed my little bro and younger cousins...
chuck yeager is still arguing with pakistanis about the pakistan/india war.
he was fun to follow for a bit but then...
yeah i feel you. it's happened to me all throughout high school. i'm glad it's a crime bc it really hurts people.
that's the problem people having to just go through it. no more
name a song on channel orange better than nights.
crack rock bad religion pink matter
nothing fails.
the nothing fails/nobody knows me ep is a religious experience for those who aren't religious but feel such love they want to pray.
it's called evolution, dummy. animals evolve to be superior in their local environment. adaptation.
you a waist you know dun nuffin -
trump could be in deep trouble over foundation's spending
could? you got to be kidding. now whose the crooked one?
i feel like i could cry myself to death
god the book is worse than the movie
twitter friends: looking to get a module built - any recommendations for indie devs or agencies you know / have worked with?
submit your details here:
those are great hashtags
full disclosure, i'm kinda
you'll be able to spot me bc i'll be that loner surrounded by no one bc i have no friends.
i'll be wearing all black so hopefully no one notices me
man....come on i'm just trying to live my shitty life in peace....
gon have to live with that forehead to bruh bruh
24 minutes to select 68, the best number
binary search reveals twitter poll bias
i honestly can't wait for
when and can i come!???
i've never been more tired in my life says me every day of my life
guess u need a foot massage the next time u get a pedicure where u do your nails
. can i be in your next fashion show pls
p.s i'm sorry i'm wearing nikes but i can't get my hands on yeezys
why is this on my phone?
i'm so smashed i can't even keep my eyes open.
only if they're cuteb
oh god lmao!!!!!! yeahh they cute boo! so go get them tacos !!!
yup facing the same problem
an app update fixed 's problem! are you on latest version?
: "next best place to sell fracking", "where to start a war", and "which corporations give the biggest donations?".
. you really are in your own little world, aren't you?
i can hella picture you doing this
yup that would be me !!
it was an amazing speech. we've watched him grow from politician to statesman. it's a shame to see all that experie...
was awesome &amp; we will miss him a lot!
it's more important to me having more people with my products than to have more money.
it's my bros bday this weekend i mean he doesn't do makeup but at least someone would get a gift
no hes not. jeb is a laughing stock. no one takes him seriously. done for at least 10 years.
hopefully...
now i want to compare implementations with this one originally from
the blockbuilder search literature review
ain't that the truth
you left me on read last time i checked
it's more important to me having more people with my products than to have more money.
im kidding i'm getting him what he asked for lol
i just want an ice cream cake for my birthday
preferably chocolate or vanilla, or oreo
i miss you too! the team misses you!!
i'll be there next tuesday and i'm going to try and start coming more often again ! i don't wanna be an alternate
there must have been *some* irony intended by the bodybuilder i saw wearing a t-shirt printed with the full text of "ozymandias", right?
the good version or the forgettable one? (i guess we both already know the answer)
i think these can be added, best if based on extant libs. cc:
i would love to put forth some proposals for this.
i'm gonna try to keep it that simple but idk my manager is cray and she'll ask hella questions
don't give her any answers lol. just short and straight to the point. unless you really want to lay all the cards on the table.
great listen, i have always respected
wow you said that prrfect!!! love you!!!!!
obama has gone too far with "his people" giving them complete access 2 everything we r supposed 2 have~don't want h...
these people are unemployable and are here to kill us. these muslims left their women and children to fight a civ/war!
hasn't it been at 3 to midnight for years?
used to be 5
please report this guy. keeps calling our nonprofit org and making threats.
i can't believe what i'm reading!he is vile &amp; clearly disturbed.both of u shouldn't hv 2deal w/this.reporting now!
pro- party wins parliamentary election
-does this look like a photo of two guys who think they have won? the russian duma is illegitimate!
your managing is the only reason trump has a realistic chance of winning. you've done way better than manafort ever did
manafort was just there to whip up the delegates and leave cruz in the fetal position at the convention. job well done imo.
so i fell down some stairs today
this happens to be on a regular biases
bruh just skip to the end. i'm literally crying because i cannot
i saw this before bro the shit looks like a damn blow dry
the duchess of twitter
that's a definite fact!!!
of course not! (but we hope it comes true.) what kind of cake did you have?
one was lemon coconut and the other was vanilla and chocolate.
idk, they aren't coming up, i have to go to my tl to see them.
i'm having the same problem with my notifications and i gotta go to my tl in order to see it
of course not! (but we hope it comes true.) what kind of cake did you have?
i hope my wish comes true too!
yeah... i started when i was ~22 and was just part-time for fun for next 2-3 years while finishing school.
does the comparison ever fill you with regret? "imagine how much smarter i'd be if i'd started earlier."
fucking passage of time and whatnot. i still think of screaming females as that new band i just saw
good grief me too. i also feel like i'm new to new york, but i've already been here longer than i was at a couple jobs there
i've yet to be mistaken for a student at my placement!!! it's probably the sensible heels and the i've got things to do attitude.
i need to stand out somehow since half the kids are about a foot taller than me.
when did you guys get to wa? where at? i gotta come visit! or you gotta come visit me! :d
not til next year, just looking up stuff :)
i know i'm very excited to meet majid and jordan themselves!
yes!! take hella pics!! excited for you my love!
not sure i fully understand, please elaborate.
that is okay my robotic friend
better look again.
thats a single poll. the upshot is a forecast based on several polls it indicates lo...
the f-35 just proved it can take or chinese airspace without firing a shot a2/ad
-we need more of them!
im getting you one strawberry cupcake, ok?
ice-cream cake
if you find your soulmate you're honestly lucky af
i'm right here
every domain i own is now set to expire in 2020. very satisfying. will also be crazy looking back at this tweet in 2020.
i have finally started to let go.
my only goal is to make sure it's not completely awkward
it's only as always as you make it lol. what are they going to do beg you to stay lol?
i have to watch- has he done any new covers i should watch for?
no new covers
do stores like sephora and mac only sell their products or do they have other brands of makeup too?
mac only sells their products and sephora sells a lot of different brands including their own
that's a relief
scribbling over and over "mrs. angelina cooper". with hearts over the i's of course
howard university cheerleaders kneel during national anthem
police and isil.....only difference is that the police kill more americans
okay then. he dropped the mic. now if we can pry the pen and phone from his hand, we might stop the lame duck damage
what a complete jerk
that's fantastic! we bet they were delicious. how long have you been growing your own garden?
a couple years now. this year was a tough one for tomatoes.
tbh i'm thinking abt that time kyung roasted taeil bc his single didn't sell well...maybe he's jealous zico actually pays attention to taeil
wow why was i so rude this morning! i didnt lie tho
when can we hang out? jonathan don't lose ur freakin phone again pls
free tuesday and thursday's
you know if you lose this game you better deactivate you funny to forget who richt is wait you probably don't even know....
richt has never won shit so next.
your home boy, your block that you're from, boo boo
lil hoes you went to school with, boo boo
god the book is worse than the movie
okay i just started crying again thinking how hard sirius's death was &amp; all the painful ones to come
these birds games are like tyson's punch-out. get incrementally tougher as u move along. browns = glass joe, bears = von kaiser and so on.
that's one comprehensive perspective
"i'm going to withhold judgement until all the facts are out in the open."
isil is killing you? i will withhold judgement.....
e.g. spent a lot of time in education and social sciences which pays off big time for product design.
that's true but i'm thinking of people who first coded when they were, like, 10. that's a lot of practice!
if you did you would have respect smart noles do dumbasses don't...
you want me to respect the 1980's? ok i do. y'all suck now. next.
precedent, even :-p.
i'm so mad about python's variable binding leakage and weird weakref'ing i'd rather try to fix js's sets
money laundering scheme from $1.7 billion leaded by obama
can anyone imagine how much money this p.o.s has in secret off shore accounts.
i always hate flying but now that they managed to fuck up this bad im fucking livid. how are you in business
must have been shit. i hear people rave about how good they are.
so ghost rider is basically like a discount punisher, but he's still cool.
ghost rider is cooler in the comics that punisher. just sayin'.
the kanan man the ghost man the fifty man the o man
don't trust kanan bro he's setting you up!
what a bunch of sorry $&amp;@$. i can't believe let those damn . i want to cry.
hate the game, not the player
my best guess is a transformer explosion. my dad and i went searching around the neighborhood, but didn't find anything
yeah, that makes a lot more sense than my own theory that nick randomly decided to set off 1 firework.
that's true but i'm thinking of people who first coded when they were, like, 10. that's a lot of practice!
i get so much better at coding every *month*. hard not to imagine how much further along i'd be if i'd started years earlier.
do you have a link to support that claim?
do you have a link to support the claim that is staging a peaceful protest in nc tonight?
run that by me again....
here's the federal court record for the case, there's more info in the thread
same definitely wasn't my firs time lolll
i mostly fall up lmao i never bring my foot high enough
how cute are these seriously tho
rolling up in da pokmon center like dis and them lasses be hollerin'
i'm pretty sure lesbianface isn't a thing... (scrolls up thread)... yeah, "womanface" isn't a thing either. that's a ne...
(last tweet should be read with "cisgender" as an adjective and not as some weird verb like someone mocking it would do.)
love how you included the ,ca
u know it bud
no we didn't please delete this
nah it's not meechie or anything but she got tempo and i'm sticking by that
i'd love that
we can get those huge ass milkshakes and i'd protect you from the subway rats
photos on canvas by local photographer john cornford. selling like hot cakes. be in touch if you'd like to reserve one.
which john cornford was it?
we all agree that tricky was the handsomest man that ever lived right?
my friend briefly dated tricky. true story.
i'm so mad about python's variable binding leakage and weird weakref'ing i'd rather try to fix js's sets
can't wait 2 fight w/y'all at tom-collins-39
man where's future? i need another project from him
like where's the motivation ? wya
been days for me but from what i remember it's some dope af
ya you were pretty happy
cueto said it felt like he got bitten by a crab. seemed to be in a good mood, is hopeful mri brings good news.
ya like hopefully he doesn't have crabs
1/ m3 *at least* 215 miles options +bigger battery +awd +superchargers no dealers
bolt will be out in 2017, m3 will be available beyond first few cars in 2019?
if they really changed the horoscopes,,, i refuse to believe in them tf.
horoscopes are a scam lol
how about an utena au
no sad aus plz
mein hawa bhari hai, takes on a new meaning when you find 5 chips per packet on opening both packets.
lmao. this is so bad. stop making us pay for air. it's only 2016.
is his wife a terrorist too? or does she have the right to a life free of judgement from others..
when she stands up and denounces his terror she can have a right to live free untill then no
among other great things, will bring back jobs- don't you want to make enough money to pay off school loans?
iol my finances are none of your business or trump's
he gave you idiots a heisman wow you didn't even know that you aint even a fan probably some dumb bandwagoner
i'm talking bout after us faggot i know we won when he was our offensive coordinator. what'd he do when he left us? nothing.
what sorcery is this? are you serious ?
here's the federal court record for this case
where james could of had a make out sesh if he wasn't playing up to the cameras!
what was the timestamp on that
fact: donald trump used his charitable foundation to purchase *multiple* six-foot-tall paintings of himself.
i don't mind the anti trump rhetoric but would love to hear more pro hillary
miss you bro, wish you were here to suck our dicks.
miss you too fucker, i'll find my way back in the mix eventually. congrats on a good first night!
the tc story is deeper than you know. it's fucked up all the way around. society has changed.
well nike thats a unique statement-ya we never know everything but stress management while around cops&amp;viceversa?
what about intersection/difference? seems even more interesting than union
if you vote brianloveswords for president i can promise all the set operations.
wow you're a bandwagoner ok goodnight lol don't even know who richt is and you a nole
bruh what are you talking about. i know who richt is. what i'ma respect him for when he ain't do shit after the left us?
i would definitely have enjoyed programming as a teenager so do kinda regret not starting earlier. but can't do much about that now
indeed. i think we're doing alright regardless :)
that boy don't wanna kick it with me thoe
aleman hates all of us mane
casey admitted to some annoyance over this
yeah he did.
nice ballad. nice black jacket, too. listen to by issac dang on .
icymi: more . that's a big skateboard. listen to love in zao wu by sue on .
i can't believe i missed that!
a one time only engagement. you didn't miss much.
conclusion of russian : no freedom of choice. no opposition candidate elected. complete kremlin political control.
-the russian duma and government can no longer be considered the legitimate ruling body of russia.
looks intriguing, but then so did the equally slick &amp; starry but ultimately unsatisfying prometheus, which jon spaihts also wrote.
i'm worry that the 2nd half is just going to be them running from one crisis to the next.
any melb .net devs i know looking for contract work for a few weeks? hit me up. warning, it's with me.
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
if the giants make the world series and are one out away from winning it all i'll watch tbh
no you won't cause warriors' season will already have started.
indeed. i think we're doing alright regardless :)
and in ten years i doubt it will matter at all
my qb &amp; outside receiver connected on 4 touchdown in 1 quarter last game... four td's
acknowledge my trade
among other great things, will bring back jobs- don't you want to make enough money to pay off school loans?
trump is nothing but an opportunistic cunt who xenophobic rhetoric has awaken and given a voice to racists assholes.
the people who know you the best can tell exactly when you're mad.
.. so true...&amp; a true friend will always keep it real, regardless if it hurts or not...
jk ur penis is thic with four c's
thank you scream that out my window next time
aha now that's news.
i am just trying to do what the msm will not do. expose islam.
haha even the 6 year old i babysit won't wear his cleats on the cement
these girls were in high school and wearing their full uniforms and stuff like wyddd
oh yeah definitely a great feeling
until it doesn't work out like what happens 95% of the time at our age:///
...and we know virtuous white womanhood has been a trope that has driven criminalizations of racialized bodies...
taking the wages...
tony doesn't do la.
didn't think so! rats!!
he violated
honestly one of the better disses i heard the past few years
not sure where you've been over the last two weeks but the is in a death spiral that just keeps getting worse. :-)
you really shouldn't call melania the whore a soulless hag.
icymi: more . that's a big skateboard. listen to love in zao wu by sue on .
many english-only speakers don't like chinese rock/pop music because of the tonal languages. i want to learn more mandarin, so i love it.
i was tangentially aware that he was ill. i hadn't watched his work since l.a. confidential which i loved because of his directing
i'm a big fan as well
is meant to look fair, but 's worry is whether the numbers look legitimate:
-the election proves beyond doubt that the current government of is .
"2000% or bust!"
that's because it partly got capitalized into higher housing values, shoved tax burden onto newest, youngest homeowners
there goes that first round pick!
1-15 is doable lol
is there any laws on cyberbullying? i really would like to start pressing charges.
yes, i believe there is! couldn't agree with you more!
many english-only speakers don't like chinese rock/pop music because of the tonal languages. i want to learn more mandarin, so i love it.
cantonese is tricker, i think. the most difficult language of the ones that are actually popular that i've tried to speak is arabic.
i want even invited into the gods picture in santa cruz
i hadn't seen you bro :( slide thru nov. 4th!
my in the lonely hour is scratched or something idk i'm heart broken
if that is an album i might be able to fix it. used to be pretty good at that back when i was on radio.
last chance to see on the big screen is thursday 9/22 in chicago at !! tix:...
loved the movie, you looked gorgeous tonight
omg i love milkshakes and that sounds lovely. h8 rats. aren't bagels a thing there lol
yeah they are, okay come to ny rn and we'll get bagels in the morning
i look forward to seeing bigaddy.
when the time comes, i will perform.
i'm so sorry babe, it's always been obvious how much you love your dogs. rip
thank you, they're the best friends ive ever had.. i just can't accept it.
hella ironic everyone on this show is turning 36. i'm 36 tomorrow.
happy birthday!! you're such a talent &amp; inspiration as a boss woman musical mom out here. much appreciated
money is a piece of paper that decides things for people before they are even born
i see you studying for that econ test
look closely, looks like old ace bundy's targets are mexican visitors &amp; their mounts. saw one ad w cowboy gunning coyotes
oh wow. now i'm looking at your man's life magazine cover. "give me back my arm" lol
"he's just pandering" nah, donald trump been talking about retargeting wealth to inner cities since the 80's.
that's called gentrification
rather than donate founder equity to arbitrary charities, why not share it w/ direct stakeholders like users &amp; workers?
it would tend to raise difficult questions/consciousness of how equitable are biz models
this is just indefensible on cnn's part. who benefits from this? not cnn, not the viewer. no one but lewandowski an...
cnn "rigged"
spot on analysis by . once loved . now? meh via
-putin is no longer the legitimate ruler of russia. it's about time the world recognized this fact.
facts bro he covered everything, a1
he started naming the west side niggas he could bring in too! i was like woahhh
her rock girl friend finally got into her huh
cat and rock......
is this your way of telling us you want to go
u guys like these events so i figured i tag you in it lol
he tryna fuccccccck
hell yeah he was
im confused how she is banned from the library wifi. i understand what she wrote but i'm confused how they would even know.
campus wifi is all one network. this happened to a friend of mine and is legitimate
cantonese is tricker, i think. the most difficult language of the ones that are actually popular that i've tried to speak is arabic.
but cantonese would be a close second. i listened to some arabic, hebrew, cantonese, mandarin, etc. &amp; i have an easier time with and .
bloody hell, cat, i went to the bathroom and you literally stole my spot in my own bed!
yeah but... well... you made the bed all warm and comfy! ^_^
vote for news!!! saudi owned globalist george h.w. bush endorses racist criminal hillary clinton!
i heard george h.w. bush did not endorse crooked hillary. he has alzeimers and is not talking much?????
sounds like trump's shutting down 'unfriendly' press for rest of campaign...going full teleprompter to run out clock
news fox gives you plenty of reporting, always biased
ima be down there fsho
aight mane, i'll make sure to get a pic wit u this time! g.o.d.s
botswana!? it's illegal to be gay there. bravo.
technically correct, which is why it's a good thing they took a stand, attitudes are changing slowly but surely.
just found this epic soccer defender highlight real and must share!
when's the next poker night? :-)
i need an excuse to wear my cowboy boots
that's every weekend with me
i infer from the dialect that this is from a show filmed in the easily recognizable nation of...brazil?
sherlock feldman they'll call you
but cantonese would be a close second. i listened to some arabic, hebrew, cantonese, mandarin, etc. &amp; i have an easier time with and .
arabic and cantonese have a quickness to them; arabic has a lot of guttural tones, and cantonese has abrupt end consonants (so does korean).
did you see this?
sounds familiar.... a lot of that goin'round these days.
we are looking for 2 professional php/mysql developers asap. email me clinton.co. only uk based developers please.
we have good experienced development team in opensource mainly php/mysql (lamp) based applications!
omg i have been editing this zine for a month-ish while traveling and after 2 full days at home working on it i think i'm done!
it ended up being 134 pages long! for comparison, the previous longest zine i've written was 104 pages
they can deal
they better ;p
today i had the honor to speak at conference in boston invited by "from to "
wow congrats
but it was not shown until now.
chad and theo's closeness? it was shown at the wedding and a little bit after that. but not much.
u seen hilarys america? slavery no o u need the lesson. since we never saw school records. dems did not release slaves. rep did.
i've reported on the clinton foundation before. my story tonight was acknowledging slavery's existence itself.
arabic and cantonese have a quickness to them; arabic has a lot of guttural tones, and cantonese has abrupt end consonants (so does korean).
arabic also looks quite difficult to learn to read (same as farsi): i'd have a much easier time learning to read hebrew. chinese is harder.
pls. but seriously one day i will. it's much cheaper than flying anywhere else lolol
this is true, i haven't flown anywhere but to chicago in over 3 years
i created a google sheet for keeping up with baby feeding/diaper data...can't wait to liberate that data &amp; do something cool w/ it.
wife and i highly recommend :
the briefing: one-party rule and a new
-putin and his party are no longer the rulers of . this fact is already quite apparent.
where's my bb carm imy
back in sj
illegals voting is a serious problem which can decide some swing states.
yes very serious in that manner also:need to interview many non-citizens now b4 election as facts
lmao he went in on his fam too, another l for meek
"you riding dirt bikes wit some ass on ya nuts" lmao he so petty i'm dead
that's why i got the car gps, you can break in all you like, no one gonna stop you, but if you steal it, i'll find you mofo.
maybe car alarms should have human voices like, "i see you, mofo! you better run because i just called the cops."
hit them with the *new phone who dis* ios 10 "deleted" your contacts
oh shit... ok ok. i can work with that lol
same way people have a starbucks name, i need a fake country for uber saying i'm from bosnia leads to less than optimal conversation topics
what's a starbucks name!? i feel left out... saying i'm from maine has never gotten me anything either.
what is your app version? please click on todoist in the upper left corner beside the apple icon &gt; about todoist.
updated to 818.
omg i have been editing this zine for a month-ish while traveling and after 2 full days at home working on it i think i'm done!
congrats!
the only women who would be allowed into the current police system would have to prove they're worse than the men.
hrc for sure.
arabic also looks quite difficult to learn to read (same as farsi): i'd have a much easier time learning to read hebrew. chinese is harder.
even there, you have to learn more characters to read/write cantonese than mandarin. at least mainland china simplified their characters.
"the cross." "no, the cross just freaks them out once you start jabbing at them with it."
i see him and i think about his last bbc show. : d
i'm glad to see you giving yourself that right. to me, she has nothing to prove.
glad to know that terrorism is ok by you. thank you for your time.
baka di ako makakatweet while watching . it's the birthday of my dad!
happy birthday tita dlp!!!
he did hint it would get better so hoping it does. i want to see some jack in him
yeah i didn't expect it to happen right away when j.j. got back. that would have been a little too unrealistic.
--good night david--let go of the hate-vote trump!!
fuck trump hope... but i'll fuck eric
flash sale 15% off when you spend $15 3 uses
why do you and keep having sales i get paid tomorrow y'all
this jordan i'm fucken weak
lol blood don't come at me w this,look nothing like this don't get at me
baka di ako makakatweet while watching . it's the birthday of my dad!
happy birthday tito dlp!!!
i'm putting baileys in my milkshake
im right behind you on that, wine drunk but instead we'll be milkshake drunk
you gotta be a cool person for me to eat breakfast with you, that's the best meal
i respect this and agree heavily
i started when i was 9 i think, just not with js. flash (as1,2,3) then java, c++, c#, scheme, php. js only when i was 19-20.
jealous! i tinkered with html stuff in middle school but never touched a real programming lang until i was out of high school
what that account lookin like
lol goodnight its like 3am for you
even there, you have to learn more characters to read/write cantonese than mandarin. at least mainland china simplified their characters.
hong kong (like taiwan &amp; elsewhere) uses traditional chinese, and they have extra characters &amp; different grammar from standard mandarin.
haha. but for reals, i hate when i'm a smitten kitten, but it does feel nice to reallllyyyyy be into someone.
it's the worst and it's super annoying lol but probably one of the most enjoyable things.
dude it's all white supremacists and power just because they are cops
only in america can a white rapist get 3 months in jail but a person of color get bullets in his body when hes asking for help
he did hint it would get better so hoping it does. i want to see some jack in him
unless he somehow found out that abigail was alive and didn't tell chad. that would have explained his 180.
i guess im the 1% of black population not voting for cuz you not calling me a superpredator and getting my support
that's good. stand up for yourself.
i'm hecka late but happy birthday to the one and only !!! hope ur day was as fab as ur shoe game
haha better late than never right ? thanks savannah ! aka the track and cross country super much love :)
here are the preliminary results for catch up with our live blog
-only 35% turnout of eligible voters putin's party got half of that or less than 18% of russian voters!
hate-all that bitterness must weigh heavy-do you share the burden with ur leftist friends-i understand they oppose hate
i oppose racists, sexists, xenophobes like trump
ugh i work those days
k guess we're not friends anymore bye
it ended up being 134 pages long! for comparison, the previous longest zine i've written was 104 pages
i could go on for much longer but i stopped myself
totally should have been amber and maksim i hated their game of thrones dance
jenna and jake were so cute i wish the older people would have gone home ! lol
maybe car alarms should have human voices like, "i see you, mofo! you better run because i just called the cops."
or timed responses like, 2am: "hey everyone, uhh sorry to wake you but sarah in apartment b, someone's breaking into your car!"
they better ;p
but still so nervous ;-;
my bf lost my fave jeans, &amp; someone ate my carnitas i've been saving all day. i'm having a horrible day
bruh wears gf jeans or what lol
duh girl im hoping shit over here getting old
girlll it's a few lessons in life i'm learning, i need to keep the things i learned by my side so i don't make the same mistakes
chinga tu madre pinche marica
sorry i've been watching to much narcos
i think it is an adv when you started later though. takes a lot to unlearn all the crap (inheritance?) from older languages.
hmm, maybe. i think adv of web dev is you're constantly thrown off guard by some new framework or paradigm. keeps you nimble.
finally started watching stranger things so now i'll be up till 5 just to finish this. team no sleep once again
sooo worth every second
incredibly rare double-faced calf born in kentucky via
one cow two minds
one of life's toughest choices comes when you're trying to decide which sentences you will put the "" in.
the correct answer is to put it between every single word
i see you are a self entitled bigot of the highest order, but dnt u ever feel entitled to short judge me. brainwashed yank.
you still haven't denounced it. i'm still waiting... not brainwashed when bombs explode in my area.
conclusion of russian : no freedom of choice. no opposition candidate elected. complete kremlin political control.
-and legitimacy!
yes the 20th thank you send nudes
we were almost birthday buddies i'll see what i can do
well aren't you a lucky one !
ehhh in a way because this had a bad ending lmao
i kid on a bike stopped and saluted me as i ran past him on my run
when are you gonna start the beer mile training?
so! 840 marksman hunter lf guild! previous us top 100 in bc days. prefer pst, two nights a week, adult crowd. lemme know. :)
come raid with me, and and ! i promise we won't act weird!
love your header so much, i had to steal it
it just our smiles yo
this kid said "erase the night, and you know....continue it." i hate these kids
was he high tho?
their items on time. why sell so many products if you can't make them in a decent amount of time? at least let ur customers before buying!
lol never going to order from this place again i don't want to @ the twitter but forreal that was straight bullshit
that's harris teeter though, they're a little high
why not go to sams or costco
illegals voting is a serious problem which can decide some swing states.
can be gr8 convos on neat things-we're all learning things/skills-can share but videocitz=novote
lmao im lit like a mf candle sus
lol me too over here at work loaded
most valuable pitcher for astros this season
there is a case
don allison is our guest tonight, we are talking about his book i met a ghost at gettysburg
i'm always a day late &amp; a dollar short pffttt o?
if it helps, you could get some hair ties (avoid ones with metal clips) and just rock a ponytail
hmmmmmmmmm. i need to do that anyways so
"it's just my opinion, but i know i'm right." ladies, gentlemen, and everyone in between, your republican candidate...
oh that isn't recent. still, proves his though patterns.
come raid with me, and and ! i promise we won't act weird!
ok we are weird, but the good weird! like, "the healer rp walks on fights" weird
any guesses on what our october toy of the month might be? ;)
a jack-off-lantern? :t
no idk how i can only view it from the email
get the app
going into this procedure like a - love to you all ...
i can't wait to hear you're ok i was thinking of you &amp; saw this it's not batman but su...
here's some music, icymi earlier. listen to - girlyparty by on .
for those who don't read japanese, like myself, informed me that the last song is by shion miyawaki.
yeah it's gone like the wind
true it's been really hot lately
the israeli-palestinian conflict is not 'the world's' problem - nitzan horowitz
no we know why nothing gets done
pleasure to meet you this evening!
you too tike!!!
hey i wanna say thank u 4 all the beautiful messages of ! its crazy but it feels like the world has:
proud of you. it's good to be you and it's good to reinvent and take bold chances
cops have killed 68 people in 22 days since started protesting. 68 in 22 days... have no words
how can we stop this? i don't think cops need to have firearms on a normal assignment.
this song is just so intense it's one of my favs
it really is! so many feels
that must be some powerful sin
how cute was he?! o:
let's color our world with love and peace, for peace is find within.
what about peace in syria? :(
is that liberal logic again? has reflected her ph.d. long b4 this election.
yes, she has. imagine that.
in a nutshell
-the fact that only 15% of russians did vote for putin's party despite threats to do so?
bro ill deadass kill niggas for you that's word to 233
always my brotha much love till the death
please pickup the dogchewed basketballs onthe whitehouse lawn beforethetrumpfamily visit of their newhome&gt;someone could trip
the lawn does provide a short-cut to the dept of corrections,where officers of the trump"foundation"will no dbt be dwelling.
wonder how many voices will be in her head, i mean ear piece - for the debate! gearing up now!
no ear pieces aloud this time! ha!
'it's like everything's being dumbed-down': cuban blows up on media coverage of 2016 race
who cares what this idiot has to say.
mrs. 's pervasive secrecy is not good for the american presidency. transparency works best in a democracy. try mr. .
lying and bullying are preferable to secrecy? given the right's need to distort her record secrecy is appropriate and smart.
it was a super continent -- before it was divided!
clearly these animals evolved in their environments.
y'all, it's time to be honest. i have reconsidered my opposition to trump.
dude. you know very few read long form pieces to the end. it's not nice to fool your readers with that lede.
yes you've said that already- empty words-based on lies--i won't stand for lies-it's too bad you do! peace brother
he wants to ban people because of their religion and nationality. that's xenophobia.he is a fucking cunt. islamophobic cunt
stop saying "black bodies". michel foucault has been dead for thirty years.
and it was creepy when he said it, which he only did because it sounds cool in french
my face keeps breaking out and it really upsets me stupid stress
hang in there!
looks suspiciously like a trumpster that doesn't want to b his poorly educated
if that's what you see, you're part of the problem.
my one and only chance to heckle, though. :p
only my singing.
it's still here, so i thought i'd link to something a little classic.
that muzzle prosthetic looks familiar!
better than garlic bread?
ok college is the second best thing then
yes you've said that already- empty words-based on lies--i won't stand for lies-it's too bad you do! peace brother
and i'm not your fucking brother. i'd rather die than be associated with someone who pretends trump is not the cunt he is
literally all that heat on her hair for nooottthinnn
obviously it's not heat on her hair if that's what it look like lmfaooooooo
it's 100% the liberalisation of foucault. pretty much everything is foucault in mainstream left discourse, unfortunately.
also comes from a huge cast of postcolonial dorks clamoring for tenure. disingenuous academic rigor mortis
trump's words: i love the poorly educated.
he loves america and all who belong here. all races, all attitudes. even you.
"grown to 22?" we got 30, and . look. (and here's the movie...
31. you didn't count me in :)
day 17- a plant with &amp;
i feel like i'm left out of this challenge simply because i don't draw. discrimination, i say! ;)
1. i proved i can survive a day without coffee 2. on a related note, acl 2.0 is underway in my knee 3. task 1 was b...
good luck on both fronts!
go to bed you crazy teen
no i'm busy w my hobbies ;)
between 15-17% of individuals coming through the refugee stream are isis
there are about 90 % men and have left their wives and children to fight a civil war?????
just moved to the west coast. how have you been??
congrats! where??
never again
stop the confusion . is safe for bebe?? fasspass??? no, i go in now.
ayeee first rap album i bought!!!!
really ??! lmao mine was the blue carpet treatment by snoop
things to do in chappaqua while your husband is dicking bimbos
i wanna be dicking eric trump... possibly, the only good thing has ever done... and last.
want to try living in a different city? join this nationwide community of house swaps
an interesting concept. are there certain locations where it's doing better than others?
6:30 this morning i made this lmao '' by notoriousjd3 on ?
like it up on soundcloud for me
always ruining everything gtfo my mentions
i'm trinna figure out who you talking to....
he's my best friend &amp; i love him lots
brody's the best. and a girl needs to get sappy every once in a while your good ari
the bush family clinton's are all globalist, will do away with our freedom. called socialism!
the first time i heard "new world order" was from old man bush &amp; the book of revelation.
i unfollowed her yesterday. lol
i give you major credit for just "yesterday."
nope, i meant chad and kate's but the same thing applies to chad and theo
oh! sorry lol.
totally right. the stagnant, parroted language of lazy academics from the 90s, taken for something radical.
it totally seduced me when i was 19. it's pathetic to watch full grown adults ape the jargon for various forms of cred
are you local? sign up to volunteer with !
republicans for teachout faso is more of the pro-war free trade crowd that is part of the problem
yes very serious in that manner also:need to interview many non-citizens now b4 election as facts
my neighbor who's dad got his citizenship big picture on community wall he's not yet &amp; said would
you guys don't have like fish sandwiches ?
okay chicken sandwiches? no go to canes or chick fil a
do people still play pokemon?? i'ma sell my profile, level 11 w/ no team hit me up
why you gotta diss nico and me like that
last game of the season covering the was tonight, thanks to all who made it a good one, especially
we should have taken a photo to commemorate the occasion
lmao well now you're asking for a lot hah
lol see that's always my problem
i need a good cry but i can't bring myself to do it
i'm tellin you that's the worst feeling, when you know you need it and you can't
annyong! what's up!
just rewatching and thought of you; sweet, huh?
i admire foucault as a historical figure but by god has his influence in the academy been limiting
foucault was great, but both he and deleuze need to be retired for at least a decade
the bring bernie back thing is tiresome and ignores the multi fronted threat of trump who doesn't share sanders' valuesperiod.
and implicitly shits on the millions of women/poc who chose hrc.
i only ever got to see them once but fuck i miss agitator. r.i.p.
same. definitely a big inspiration for me.
i sure hope not. that would be cruel.
i agree it would be. but sadly i wouldn't put it past j.j. knowing how much he hates chad.
did he just say feral?
our class is paralleling modern news (unfortunately)-the danger of a single story
the 2% male muslim population in sweden is responsible for 77% of the rapes nationwide.
its a lot higher then 2 % ! how about 15 %. the liberal msm will not tell the truth! sweden is f_____!
and implicitly shits on the millions of women/poc who chose hrc.
the message is that our votes shouldn't matter, and that we were just too dumb to pick the right guy.
i sure hope not. that would be cruel.
and blames him for what happened to abby.
my neighbor who's dad got his citizenship big picture on community wall he's not yet &amp; said would
said he'd video w/me 1st w/his paperwork &amp; video if they tried to take him 2 sevral-vote-sites etc
are you fucking kidding me ?!?!? im stuck here for a month help me
download holablocker
i thought i was the only one!!!!!
me too don't know why everyone likes them lol
fox news' sean hannity is now literally campaigning for trump in new campaign ad:
a very independent news organization, not a mouthpiece of the
son of china's richest man buys eight 7s for his dog
-only eight iphone 7s why not eight thousand? that conspicuous consumption will turn around and bite china.
have you guys checked out nix 56 yet?! voting season is around the corner! read more: via
what's your opinion of nix 56?
wow, how did you come up with such an intelligent response? smh
like i said shut the fuck up.
i want a femme queer tv character to do this when they come out but nooooo
i can't believe it never happened on the l word tbh
i hope i never have those. just another excuse to suck more money from you for no reason. what's wrong with a regular ol' key?
no idea, i didn't have the option for one in my car, tho it has one for the door... just not the ignition :p
trump's surge prompts new crystal ball map: clinton 272 electoral votes, trump 215, toss-ups 51....
"and then, everything changed." trump surges. updates electoral college map.
probably not
i laughed way too hard at this same girl
hell if he doesn't! tony bennett
i believe what you say over anybody!
so where do people go for hotdogs?
five guys has hot dogs. also there are a bunch of local no-name places
, but savage muslim refugees should go to savage muslim countries!
barrry is friends with the despots in thse countries!
also: temescal alley (don't miss book/shop), mountain view cemetery for all the oldest/richest markers (lettering) &amp; view.
so many good tips! thank you! i will report back with photo evidence.
lol i'm just the best so you have to fuck with me
dude go to bed
the host of a show where meat loaf once violently screamed at gary busey because he thought he stole his craft supplies might be president.
what if the apprentice was secretly how he will select his cabinet?!
what is the food you are most embarrassed to really love? for me, it is definitely cheez-its. (it pains me to write it now, but it is true.)
sour patch kids.
five guys has hot dogs. also there are a bunch of local no-name places
i mostly just buy hot dogs at the grocery store and eat them at home though
when u have two mfa degrees and need ppl to know
can i shove him into a locker and take his lunch money please
must be nice ...
what song was playing in the background?
my wife and i are shocked and saddened by this latest celebrity break-up. thoughts and prayers go out to all incredibly attractive people.
i'm still upset about lucy and desi, when my world fell apart.
i hope hillary brings this up in the debates.
here's the federal court record for this case
so many good tips! thank you! i will report back with photo evidence.
hope that is helpful. was randomly checking 's twitts and was sad no one gave you any tips. east bay is cool!
which is ridiculous since ben is the one who caused her ptsd and chad saved her and got her back the job he
i agree. if it wasn't for chad ben could have and probably would have killed her.
usa hating muslim saboteur barack obama always looks at home amongst his fellow stink muslims at
can you even imagine the kickback barry and john got$$$ guess who paid for john kerry's daughter's wedding to the muslim?
twitter is extremely new to me but i'm so disgusted at how many people lack minute compassion for otherness.
you can't let the trolls get to you. you have to ignore it and move on bc people will say anything on here
i'd like to go to bed at a decent hour tonight so let's not take all night with this!!!!
oh yeah 2-0. let's keep it going!
did some shooting today. # goodness i love this city. (pic ) new vlog...
this is tightttt.
donald trump jr posted this message as he decried the "politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first"...
good analogy from .
i hear this often. i'm almost guaranteed to get a permit
i heard deportation force
i have to ask liz permission to kill myself
and the answer is always no
exactly. i see the academic supremacy of both as accompanying the abandonment of a genuine class analysis / radical movement.
totally. i never know if im using the word sophistry correctly, but according to my understanding this kinda shit is just that
where should i email to contact you guys? (haven't had luck finding an address on the site)
this is the site right? looks a bit out of date (last post july 6th)
hope that is helpful. was randomly checking 's twitts and was sad no one gave you any tips. east bay is cool!
i concur! staying with my mom's college pal so she might supersede with her own dinner 'recs but lettering tourism is best.
i think sometimes they think that lol
maybe we are some fools then
which suburbs are going to become more 'carbon neutral'? hint: it's not ones with increasing poverty
does that q claim lower-density places may be able to be locally carbon-neutral before cities?
why can't i turn 21 instead of 20
not fair that all my friends can go bar hopping while i stay home
i think it was all the uncle grandpa you were exposed to
lol oh man that show me and justine just sat there for like half an hour watching it bc we couldn't look away
shout out to whoever assembles those release notes.
release notes are the new "high quality" metric. :)
president obama's daughter is caught showing off her ass
so she showed her ass. big deal.
2015 corvette stingray
show me something that isn't basic your name on the insurance or registration
do you honestly think the majority of scientists are purposefully denying creationism?
that's about 480,000 living today
dad of terrorist sees something;says something. fbi sees nothing and does nothing. why bother? we're on our own when liberals are in charge
must've went thru comey again
i always like what i hear on soundcloud
you follow me?
less negative political impact but i was 90% joking
keep politics out of food 2016
watch 's new video for "never swicth up"
did his spirit make you spell switch wrong?
does the ice cream machine break after 10:00 every night or what?
they're doing you a favor. guarantee they barely clean that shit. the soft serve machine where i worked at was disgusting
less negative political impact but i was 90% joking
i wanna eat a mcchicken and not feel guilty about it
i concur! staying with my mom's college pal so she might supersede with her own dinner 'recs but lettering tourism is best.
i am in rockridge. feel free to message if you need any help.
ur my right hand, ur my go 2
alright you guys are mad cute tho always posting the cutest pics
funny story: my friend was down in hollywood taking headshots of actors and he was hanging with a famous tv actor who shall remain nameless...
...so i don't get him in trouble with his agent. he tells my friend he's going to introduce him to his friends he called "the hollyjews."
13-year-old unarmed palestinian girl shot and wounded after refusing to stop at west bank checkpoint
when we remain silent then we are culpable
i never even liked the lethal weapon movies.
they were good at the time...
then you need to eat it in 1975
look to your left
need one for tomorrow if you're interested :3c
deal. where should i send my info?
the only thing positive about hillary is that she's not trump.
well,there's the free college she worked on w/bernie,ending ,racial&amp;gender equality~
i have accepted that apparently sleep is no longer for me
:( i hope that might change soon cause sleep can be helpful
another night of no sleep whoop whoop
iron lords need no sleep.
...so i don't get him in trouble with his agent. he tells my friend he's going to introduce him to his friends he called "the hollyjews."
so my friend is like, "that sounds kind of antisemitic and he says wait until you meet them." so he meets them at a bar and it was one...
then you need to eat it in 1975
i mean your right now
i hate to say it but my new living room really could handle something even bigger...maybe 77 inches or so...
i don't think you picked that tv size accidentally.
this is sooooooooo coool!
hehe thank you! def one of my favorite costumes ever other than tripping down some stairs bc of the heels lolol
backed. :) he's a cutie! &lt;3
thanks a bunch! ;u;
outreach, which everyone rightly sees as pandering, is not going to work w/o acknowledgement &amp; apology.
then fuck them. i'm not interested in apologizing for winning. and the sexism reeks.
so my friend is like, "that sounds kind of antisemitic and he says wait until you meet them." so he meets them at a bar and it was one...
...self-deprecating jewish joke after the other between the two of them. which is a very hollywood thing. so i asked him to give an example.
if you're an ios developer, you're eventually going to need this as you figure out display p3:
how the hell did i not know about this?
...self-deprecating jewish joke after the other between the two of them. which is a very hollywood thing. so i asked him to give an example.
and he says, one of them would talk about making a deal and the other would say to the first, "did you us them down?" and i was like, huh?
a bed all to myself btw ;-;
awww :c *flops on*
hahahahahha...... take that as a compliment ma'm..... ur not alone
i was just legpullingi actually liked reading the piece, much to learn from u
my mom dragged my abuser so hard today on literally all his biggest insecurities w/o even knowing it &amp; it really just gave me life.
fucking yes
and he says, one of them would talk about making a deal and the other would say to the first, "did you us them down?" and i was like, huh?
and my friend explained, "you know, like 'jew them down', but they're both jewish, so they'd say 'us them down.'" i so hard.
all muslims must wear a bacon grease dipped .45 slug in their head...
you're a bad person
"our worst enemy can be our best teacher " richard gere
great photographs! have a fantastic wednesday
our class is paralleling modern news (unfortunately)-the danger of a single story
his single story was told almost immediately
and my friend explained, "you know, like 'jew them down', but they're both jewish, so they'd say 'us them down.'" i so hard.
talk about reclaiming a joke. i was like, yeah you have to be super self-deprecating jewish guy to make that joke (or it doesn't work).
open carry state. fact smdh
of course the bad thing for clarity was that confetti thinks open carry is like this &amp; that that is a talking point
i need new streaks
i know who u could streak with bihh
cannot sleep knowing i have to wake up at 6am and basically burry heart into the ground
then go to work right after
i can't do this lol. the writers of this show are making her do the most
i know, it's irritating but they pick on her vulnerability &amp; unfortunately it keeps us entertained
well,there's the free college she worked on w/bernie,ending ,racial&amp;gender equality~
1st chance to take back in 20 yrs&amp;make positive change 4 generations,or be cursed by them~
aww 10k tweets - that's cute ;&gt; (congrats!)
thank you! who would have known that 8 years later i would be getting paid to tweet.
presented without comment
speaks volumes
wow!!! i can't believe twitter is deleting comments and shares on this video!!! if you see this share it please!!!
looks pretty bleak for the liar. hope she &amp; o go away soon.
yelled at my roommate's dude friend for always leavin the toilet seat up. now he never forgets. i'm a psycho bitch and i love it
don't ever stop yelling at idiots.
yah we've all had different backgrounds this is tricky 4 some &amp; emotional at least everyone here is talkingread
and asking questions &amp; looking for the facts trying to step back &amp; look at each case based on facts ?hopefully?
have u seen the vine where someone shouts that at her &amp; she's like "let's make it happen!" cause she thinks they said "president"
lol yeah that's what i was quoting
talk about reclaiming a joke. i was like, yeah you have to be super self-deprecating jewish guy to make that joke (or it doesn't work).
self-deprecating jewish humor is a big thing in la. it's a big thing wherever there are jewish people. but "us them down" was new to me.
action movies just aren't my genre. they bore me, ironically.
yeah i see your point, they can be really heavy. watch the man from uncle. it's not just action movie but it's clever.
my highest game was like 120 or something
you're game looks good compared to my average 70:-)
sorry, . at least i got your wife and kids. i was amazed that your eight-year-old got to tiburon on a bmx bike. give him my congrats!
will pass him your congrats. will replace his bike with something more suitable next year. he is a strong little fellow for sure.
i guess that's fine, but is it worth making a president trump more likely?
right back at you n
catch + train your fav mon 's stop near 240 madison st. on 9/21, 4-5pm by our award-winning digital...
why bring this crap to nycha for the interest of money for nycha only and not care of its danger
i guess that's fine, but is it worth making a president trump more likely?
right back at you.
ooh sweet! i wanna be here listen to the ensemble!
hello love - long time - ck us . send music , get our freeapp ok? cheers .
i've loved every band he's ever been in. truly the best.
should bug him to get a twitter account. swami_cool_dad_1968
"i don't recall ever seeing a pattern of self-dealing that encompasses so many different kinds of self-dealing."
this blows my mind
got one more for ya but it'll be funny lol
omg can't wait
self-deprecating jewish humor is a big thing in la. it's a big thing wherever there are jewish people. but "us them down" was new to me.
i'm going to have to steal that as a self-deprecating white person joke. "hey fellow white man, , did you us them down on that lbo deal?"
how's san francisco treating you?
i like it! it's colder than la but i can wear all black here. good signs, good mexican food, public transport &amp; pacific views: a-
i was going to watch that, now i'm questioning that
it's amazing. 11/10. worth the hype you must watch. i just bawled my eyes out no big deal haha
and the sexism argument is completely false. look how passionately we support teachout, etc.
never in the history of primaries has there been an expectation that the winner would apologize.
when u smell poop in the club
what how why
we're committed to rebuilding trust with our customers and the public.
tell your ceo to resign and to pay you more for having to clean up his mess by responding to tweets
i do the same. dogs from kroger but i buy to go boxes of cheese from goldstar which is insanely cheap
megan also found a copycat recipe for their chili online, so sometimes we make that at home (w/ cheese ofc)
psa: i only tweet positive things about my relationship, if i say something negative it's not about my boyfriend
why people always assume smh
i like it! it's colder than la but i can wear all black here. good signs, good mexican food, public transport &amp; pacific views: a-
but i've also been here less than 12 hours so far soooo \_()_/
tired of doing math hw i'm over it
i havent done any hw yet lol
i struggle with the don't take things personally one.early stage writer over here appreciates the tips! keep the tweets coming!
yeah i struggle with that one too haha
tough decision!
i trust you'll make the right one, son
actually because duo got here a day earlier than back home
ah interesting. didn't know that.
and asking questions &amp; looking for the facts trying to step back &amp; look at each case based on facts ?hopefully?
?hopefully? for their sakes &amp; just total betterness of all by digging into things that'll help each our livess/
never in the history of primaries has there been an expectation that the winner would apologize.
she has made unheard of concessions. things that were never dreamed of in '08.
my sociology teacher probably bought his degree off cuevas
who you got?
she has made unheard of concessions. things that were never dreamed of in '08.
you bet your ass it's sexism, and we see it.
protesters stare down officers one holding a sign "it was a book" family claims the man police killed had a book, n...
they look like human hand grenades.
fbi investigators take items from terror suspect's home and family restaurant in elizabeth. the latest on
good trump is right again and again its time he is president wake up america trump is what we want not a hill
but its like... these trolls represent the thoughts the strangers have sitting next to me on a train, puts it in perspective.
it lets you know you're not alone in your own ideas as well
i'm going to have to steal that as a self-deprecating white person joke. "hey fellow white man, , did you us them down on that lbo deal?"
i apologize to my fellow white people who were offended by that tweet, but we did kind of steal the americas from the people living here.
this is fucking me when i drive and my dad is trying to calm me
no fucking lie, that is the most accurate representation of me when i'm driving
i got some raid bug spray today, i'm just here waiting for one of them damn centipedes to try me. if u live in canada..... u know the ones.
omg i forgot about those demons
no i'm not where do you watch it ?? fuck now i'm gonna go home and catch up.
netflix has it up to season 10 &amp; then i watched season 11 on project free tv. lol
artificially reduced supply to create the appearance of high demand. my order went in at 1:35 am for delivery 10/25.
are you still wanting a stainless steel apple watch, btw? i'm selling mine.
it's such a beautiful day
i wouldn't know. i stay indoors all day :(
12 hours of nailing it! i hope you have a lovely visit in my home town. :)
didn't know you were a native-that's another good sign to add, then!
there's like a mostly blonde raiderette squad this year. one has hair that looks like top ramen
it's bitch trying to leave this bar. lol
someone help me write a cover letter
foreals i need help rn
current anxiety level
hang in there!
funny when you drop a few more kills and we lose, it's others fault lol. your not worth my time tonight
idc about kills it's by tdm the way you play search in this game just gets me aggravated cause you don't care
i need a website. any suggestions?
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
isn't a racist. he wants to stop radical islamic terrorism &amp; make us safe
with trump one day soon the world will be blessed to see this beautiful woman's soft &amp; lovely head of hair.
thinking of starting a website for my photography. any recommendations?
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
doing homework in order of least bullshittable to most bullshittable.
as funny as this is, go to bed.
greetings to everyone on this international day of peace! may every heart be filled wi...
guruji your great teachings bring peace and happiness all around..!! may peace prevail all around..:-)
big 3 cities, added avg of 1 housing unit for every 7 new jobs. job/housing imbalance is a threat to growth.
where is this slide deck?
idc about kills it's by tdm the way you play search in this game just gets me aggravated cause you don't care
i guess when we play i need to come in with the mindset were gonna lose so we can be on the same page
and yet you shill for her way more than you should!
yeah i honestly don't know half the time whether she's being sarcastic or seriously shilling
i don't like any type of "meat sauce". spaghetti or hotdogs. such a gross creation
oh well. i do! but yeah the cheese is the real draw at those places
you honestly make no sense.
last wager well play on this game
sad to have to explain why shonen knife is not only better than nirvana but one of the reasons nirvana ever was great.
i'm so glad that you like shonen knife
still looking for my high school english teachers @ so i can slide in those dm's
let me clarify the teacher when i went to ev
okay i could do friday night into sat morning/afternoon work at 5 pm fri/sat
i would have to leave on last train but i could maybe swing friday
who's yours?
its geoffrey hutcheson
season 10 is that the season when sam came back from hell or am i tripping ?
i think it was season 6... don't take my word for it though, but it's def not in season 10. lol
gotta love this!!!
just ordered a copy, i think this book is exactly what i need to be reading right now.
i wants it tooooo
download all?
i would love to, but the budget has no room. :/
may just try the good ol' craigslist. selling it for $250 means i'm taking a $401 loss. _
there's like a mostly blonde raiderette squad this year. one has hair that looks like top ramen
larry has pot and these frat girls won't leave him alone lol
thank you for being my very first dream catcher catching my nightmares
you're so welcome! hopefully you'll be able to have some amazing night's rest coming up
i have an exam in a few hours...
you're going to do fine good luck
i wants it tooooo
download apk?
it's 2am and not a single birthday nude yet smh
3am my hope shall not wither
it's the fucking rapture
now what you see is not a test
. took notes on a talk by , on sf homelessness &amp; how to help through voting in nov.
"session did not highlight innovative ways to deliver units": but chron did:
global: 2 love gems jp: 10 blue scouting tickets, 5 green, 100 lovecas
literally exactly.
buy your beats today! no tags! no waiting! just downloads! visit now!
backwith the spam?
alright, enjoy your loss.
@ i know being petty is fun, but "is it worth making a president trump more likely?"
how does one become best friends w flume
i'd love to know the answer to this question
god, the oil slick was metamucil and printer's ink, ew
that whole damned shitpile of an episode is made even worse when you learn the concept art for armus was ki...
thanks for a great show tonight. you were a blessing to us.
our pleasure! thanks for coming out?
get it from apk mirror. i've been using it for a few hours now.
what do you think?
let's not get overly emotional or personal.. no propaganda..very attentive to facts..no more gope's or supporters!
let it go.your comment was fallacious, hence you could not possibly have been attentive to facts on the issue.
i bet you can draw better than me lol
that sounds like a challenge.
cuban is purposefully seeking media attention to run in 2020 as america's 1st jewish president
tell him good luck with that.
an anyone make me a website ???????? would be amazing :d
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
happy birthday bestfriend love you forever &amp; always
thank you bestfriend i love you to pieces
i fucking hate costco's new milk jugs
the one with the dog food lids? lol
i'm going that day tooooo!!!
i just remembered i saw this but ayeee lit lets go together
dead should've known tbh he never did seem hungry so i guess he was keeping the meals to himself
nah he was dead manorexic
i apologize to my fellow white people who were offended by that tweet, but we did kind of steal the americas from the people living here.
i also apologize to my jewish followers who were offended by the self-deprecating jewish agents. true story though. too good not to share.
"session did not highlight innovative ways to deliver units": but chron did:
: offering all units needed, fast, $1k/mo if over city parking, else $1200. c/
i also apologize to my jewish followers who were offended by the self-deprecating jewish agents. true story though. too good not to share.
believe it or don't. i told my friend he really needs to watch bojack horseman now that he's been soaking in the la/hollywood experience.
does it learn only from your typing history or it a centralized database of responses?
the blogpost says both no?
happy 20th birthday to my baby u da best
i love you baby!
usc is imploding. hc clay helton punched in the face?
never hire an interim coach from the last head coaches staff. lynn sean needs to clean house
the first thing my roommate said to me was "i snore a lot, is that okay?" needless to say, i didn't sleep much.
lol your roommate likes to randomly hang at our apartment a lot
believe it or don't. i told my friend he really needs to watch bojack horseman now that he's been soaking in the la/hollywood experience.
he said "x and his actor friends are all alcoholics, but they get parts, which is good. they do cocaine so they can drink more."
can i meet your roommate? tell him i'm hitting the gym everyday from now on!
come visit him then
:d power of billion+users
yeah i also love the smart reply.
why wassup?
just wnna know when my lil savory eggroll will be blessing me with her presence on campus. i have class at day.
he said "x and his actor friends are all alcoholics, but they get parts, which is good. they do cocaine so they can drink more."
my friend has never done cocaine and neither have i but he was really surprised by that. i said that's like 1980's style, nothing new.
kelsea ballerini posted this via snapchat and is rumoured to be a taylor swift song or a collab with taylor swift.
what's her snapchat
just got off work tired af
you and me both
another sleepless night
go to bed puss wagon
my friend has never done cocaine and neither have i but he was really surprised by that. i said that's like 1980's style, nothing new.
anyway, we agreed that with a lot of actors, they're either alcoholics or recovering alcoholics. they seem to toggle back and forth, sadly.
dyk there is a real human skull in the alien head &amp; it's lips are condoms
why must you spill my beauty secrets :(
i'll take the blame for my brothers if it means keeping peace, but don't accuse me of shit that doesn't happen and not expect me to speak up
you're drunk shut up
this sounds very...wife battery
i think he meant "with love and respect like all women should be"
the debates will be the first time for many voters to focus on the election? which approach should trump take in dealing with clinton?
that was a toss up i lost by 1 % point. interesting split.
im about 10 behind, so you can always catch up
i'm a musician now. my periscope streams are my submissions. think i'm about 12 behind :)
you worked on it?
work in this little part of google called ads
signal boosting so this gets a little more love. :) could you guys use a little buddy werewolf? &lt;3...
thank you ;u;
i apologize for the snapchats ... but tonight was the definition of brazy!!!
so jealous
sounds like a female asking to come over lmfaoooo
nah haha. this dude is coo w my roommate but i don't like him
was that you again yesterday? b/c if it is, i'm just going invite you for a drink next time we cross each other in the neighborhood
third time the charm lol! saw you again at the dropbox cafeteria last week. coffee?
thank you for your very inspiring tweets.i look forward to them everyday i wake up here in fiji island. god bless. keep it up
what are you doing in fiji? efurun way way better than there
anyway, we agreed that with a lot of actors, they're either alcoholics or recovering alcoholics. they seem to toggle back and forth, sadly.
there's a good but depressing season on netflix about recovering alcoholic slackers in venice, ca, that reminded me of that. also bojack h..
everyone in a relationship should just end it. bc if they can't make it... no one can
12 years. my god. when they got together i was still tryna lose my virginity
: offering all units needed, fast, $1k/mo if over city parking, else $1200. c/
uses current main strategy, master-lease, but scalable, &amp; hi-qual new units c/
alicia keys looks so pretty without make up
she really does!
this purple gun in this bungie-made game fires rounds that explode after sticking to their target
of course it does. someone ar bungie must have one idea that he uses over and over again.
lmao, i'll see you at work right?
nah i got mondays and wednesday's off
pro tip: if you wanna get twitter famous, just tweet " twitch lirik livestream follow " and collect free bots
wow that guy has 100 youtube subscribers
can we talk about how cute he is tho?
oh can get it for dayyyyyyyys.
how i feel about the election tbh
yes, me too.
there's a good but depressing season on netflix about recovering alcoholic slackers in venice, ca, that reminded me of that. also bojack h..
flaked is the other netflix series. i hope they do another season because they end the first answering questions and leaving others hanging.
you're blatantly lying. neither snowden nor i had any control over what the nyt did or didn't publish
sounds like in the interest of shaping a certain narrative the central subjects biased the story around privacy
is it? it seems like refusing to apologize &amp; falsely blaming sexism is petty to me.
electing a fascist because the other person hurt your feelings sounds petty to me.
9/20/16- legacy/ lies- mfg will reduce world pollu... 8min.vid.
what he stated in the video is straight forward &amp; true. this needs to stop. corporate-state tyranny of technocratic fascists
lmao i just tweeted that so lets
he is literally the ideal. i will accept nothing less than his pocket cub perfection.
who is shocked
canci go with them also will u go
shills are going to ruin it for her by refusing to point out what she needs to do to get progressives.
we are progressive, bro.
oh no... what happened this time?
team usa lost because kessel wasn't on the roster.
ever put this bullshit on my tl again and im slapping everybody on my fuckin momma
man it feels like it was yesterday... because that's all they ever talk about, everyday.
i absolutely will if she acknowledges pty division &amp; starts working to unify rather than mollify.
literally what she's done since winning. she gave him seats on the platform committee ffs!
what exactly do you mean?
because its os everyone thinks they can run it successful, mistakenly assuming os = simple software
harsh but fair
get a life,stop worrying about the beliefs of people who don't threaten u.if u weren't punk,you'd be attacking islam
illegals vote because they won't be caught anyway.
ya but says there's never any voter fraud?-ha but is a serious crime voting illegally
i highly recommend not getting by w auto stop
hahahahaha!!! that's hysterical.
sexism isn't petty, dismissing ideological differences as sexism is. like if someone argued you were sexist ...
do i need to use smaller words? demanding an unprecedented apology and concessions is sexist.
wanna go to hawaii? i wanna go to thailand too. flights prob the most expensive thing, but i heard it's pretty cheap out there
i'm down to do anything! we just got to save save save
i have no idea where i am but this is pretty
reminds me of a garden in san fransisco for some reason
man not gna lie im getting that freshman 15 but ive been going to the gym every night for 2 weeks so i hope i keep it up
girrrl that was jr year! i miss my body that time i'm hella fat now &amp; you'll get there! i'm tryin to get a gym membership too.
guys o'brien and keiko are having breakfast together for the first time the day after they get married.
have you seen these?
still ---&gt; donald trump owes president obama and the american people an apology.
a sincere apology..... if that's ever even possible!
more black lives have been taken by police in america under a black president than any other in...
thank you for noticing that. not sure it's his fault, but it's all of ours m
who makes websites? need a website made. will pay money. recommendations most welcome please rt thank you
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
they need to rest dammit
i'm saying. don't let that 3-1 comeback distract you from the fact that cleveland is a garbage city lol
assuming all merchants would accept : why should i hold a currency that can only be used nationally? that also gets debased?
that's held by bankers promising your dough will still be there in the future while you can keep it yourself?
it ain't that easy
come out to dicks sporting goods in melville i'm processing freight. i'd chop off my nuts to lay in your bed right now
she made more concessions, more gestures than any other primary winner in history.
for a primary that wasn't even that close. she's bent over backwards.
more black lives have been taken by police in america under a black president than any other in...
thank you for noticing that - not sure if it's his fault completely, but things must change.
i haven't had my car for 2 days and i feel so hopeless inside
i haven't had my car for two weeks
i use aztec secret indian healing clay...shit is for your skin
for your hair too, mix it with apple cider vinegar... defines curls &amp; makes it mad soft
homie will probably get a cabinet position if he wants it. what the fuck more can she do?
drop to her knees and beg. or something.
i miss bentley i think i am gonna cry
they had therapy dogs on campus today to pet n stuff and it just brought back all the memories of bentley :(((
you should have bit the head off would have been lit
i was thinkin about it lmao
i would say this. if you gonna rap use words. you gonna sing, hit notes. a culture divided: hip-hop's generation gap
i can barely stand hip hop anymore and i grew up listening to it the state of hip hop nowadays is sad smdh
i'm such an awful person and i'm so mean.
stop........ now..... you the best
the world is filled with beauty when our hearts are full of love. thank you lord for all the love in my life.*.*
have a wonderful wednesday dear farah. beautiful
once again: if leave fails, you must not blame the leavers. it will always be someone else's fault.
no surprise they blame someone else. but dear god why expect the eu to be friendly when in essence we've said bugger off.
illegals vote because they won't be caught anyway.
&amp; people will get arrested cuz will be witnesses w/evidence=prosecution:
you mean potential criminals that are blatantly disobeying police orders? okay, bud.
disobeying an order should not be grounds to be shot. killing should be last resort
but we're talking about the general now, against trump! her problems lie w/ millenials &amp; leftists.
and you're apparently cool with that.
they taste like shit *all the do not want in one bite*
doritos locos were a big hit at taco bell. they were just trying to jump on the bandwagon. :)
i just got in trouble for being up too late and playing my ps4... i don't see why i have a bed time i'm almost fucking 18... i'm sleep
not to mention the fact that i haven't had a mention for being late in like 3 fucking years.
illegals vote because they won't be caught anyway.
i dont want that for people cuz is serious charge even for an illegal &amp; will be enforced by more16
i need to create a website so i can sell my art
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
but that doesn't matter right now, the point is how to beat trump in the general.
you don't want to beat trump. don't lie.
she went in.
wow, she really did. amazing
why am i so unmotivated this week
i gotchu fam i will be your motivation this week lol
i just got in trouble for being up too late and playing my ps4... i don't see why i have a bed time i'm almost fucking 18... i'm sleep
tf i need sleep for. i toss and turn all night any ways. why can't i just play ps4 instead?
happy birthday kid
drink a handle of jager for me
what publications will pay me to write existential recaps of the voice
av club might
why can't you add an image to a quoted tweet. weird.
two cards in one tweet isn't supported. you can force it but copying link to the tweet you wish to quote. only 1 appears previewed.
cheese puns are the worst puns.
no, sausage puns are the wurst puns.
enjoy the little things, because one day you`ll look back and realize they were the big things.
beautiful photo! happy wednesday
i haven't been dancing that much ever in my life, lol! (to clarify: i usually don't dance at all)
and the pictures?
the majesty of alcohol!
sure, we can call what i'm doing "majesty"
coolingfool hello hi gif 6
coolingfool hello hi gif 6
das a blessing though
thank u nicole knows
hello were you aware of the me262 before engaging one?
i'll never wash this cheek again
no, i'm not jas a lefty. i'm jas a libertarian. i can do more than call people names, dumbass. fact: t...
jas libertarian;hill could teach classes on how to lie;no one could catch up with her.but crooks like her are scary!trump!!!!
ugh what are these ugly new whatsapp web emojis
yeah switch to allo.
kaepeenick is a bit late to the game. has been helping the community for years. welcome to adul...
nice to know that jj took care of everything and that no more help is needed by anyone.
if you do / have done freelancing and wouldn't mind being interviewed (over email) for a short article, please get in touch.
i more than don't mind. i'll take that interview.
illegals vote because they won't be caught anyway.
praying someone speaks of the law clearly w/a warning not to even try it even if coerced w/bribes?
omg can't believe you found this lol thanks babe
enjoy, nothing but blessings
this no headphone socket business is going to take some getting used to
getting used to mine - happy the adapter works well!
are really that &amp; to think we don't need to help prevent...
not racial profiling. vetting.
covered only by : regular people who capture police brutality with their phones are also harased &amp; jailed.
regular people are also the ones often caught up in a police action
contact laws? the ability to purchase liquor? use a bicycle? ride a horse?
onus is solely on the seller of said liquor/alcohol to not sell/serve to an already drunk person.
it would be better if it brought you coffee
yes colleen!!! now that's an awesome idea!!
he just funded terrorists with billions of $$ i mean are you serious? he funds terrorism. holy shit
yes holy shit;obama is scary!
interesting aim parallels: they didn't realize what they had
note that here you could be talking about buzz, wave, reader, or gmail as well as gchat. it's as if google is under a curse
i'm sure taco bell at least know what cheese flavour is. these things were slightly sour tangy with a mix of dirt and off doritos.
trying to avoid a lawsuit, i guess.
holiday flights booked see ya soon nyc &amp; pa
when ya flying to
it is just another whatsapp clone it isn't better at all. no cloud sync even no web or pc app !! that is very disappointing
it will come in time, but probably not soon enough to matter
when the last text you got says "just got off the bus" but it's been 4 hours so you're convincing yourself he wasn't hit by a car.
he's alive wooooo.
situation on i-85 is only getting worse...this is an out of control nightmare.
is this to investigate the terrorist attack?
contact laws? the ability to purchase liquor? use a bicycle? ride a horse?
i think the horse would have to be on public land or right of way, for a rider to be in violation
it's not about me, i'm talking about what to do in order to get progressives &amp; millenials to go to the polls.
you're not voting for her, what do you care?
companion sale now on. fly direct from san jose to london. book by sep 28. terms apply.
hardship clause anyone ?
i think we can probably come up with a few other times it was worse. white crowd again
i like democrat girls they are willing to lie to you about your size
thinking of afterlife /diff dimensionals &amp;how there's no other explanation, deffs there. energy can't even be destroyed it's always reused.
i mean what else lol? probably don't need to be afraid of death if we never truly leave, but just change into diff forms of other energy?
my allo review: google should have spun out gchat as a messaging app in 2010
the only thing i admire about allo is the chutzpah of google asking you to rebuild your social graph from scratch in september 2016
i think the horse would have to be on public land or right of way, for a rider to be in violation
police certainly could not enter a private ranch and attempt to arrest a drunk rider.
that was nothing, they steamrolled progressives during platform meetings &amp; convention.
hillary clinton has been a progressive longer than you've been alive.
marshawn lynch on his support of colin kaepernick taking a knee for injustice in america. via
police homicides - where is the outrage?
raw sore throat and chills two days before i moderate the d5 sup debate. send me your cold treatments, s'il vous plait! no voice = no good.
korean cold remedy: baesuk.
onus is solely on the seller of said liquor/alcohol to not sell/serve to an already drunk person.
but if a drunk person can act sober-enough, they surely can find a place to purchase more alcohol
what a guy. super cool of you to do that man.
there are so many people that just need one thing to push them to the next level; we gotta help each other out =d
martin luther king, muhammad ali, caesar chavez, and others protested in ways that their contemporaries hated...
exactly! hated then, hero's now. king has literally been white washed
had known what meant, he'd have spared &amp; told the to fuck off. he wouldn't have cared...
what christ meant by what?
we didn't mute you when you got married last year
hold on....... we need answers aneer
right, but sad to say, you have a gun, that's a right, i have a gun, and the narrative changes, suspect/armed.
is hard 2 put across a clear message in 140char in a way that really clarifies but power of heart/mind helping...
do you not watch the news, it is happening, all over europe
except i'm in new york and it ain't happening here.
good morning twitterworld
good morning! happy wednesday. great photograph
the all-electric chevy bolt costs $30,000
looks like a great car. needs faster charging though.
flaked is the other netflix series. i hope they do another season because they end the first answering questions and leaving others hanging.
anyway, i hate to even tweet such phrases as "jew someone down" even as a quote about the slur because searching people's names plus slurs...
marshawn lynch on his support of colin kaepernick taking a knee for injustice in america. via
please read this:
i really wanna experience the tequila hype... who's gonna get turnt with me? lol
ewwww tequila is nasty
it's a hamster eating cake. for your birthday!!
i just noticed his plate is a poker chip
toronto friends, one of my oldest friends is missing, please keep an eye out 21, caucasian 5.6 130lbs, blonde blue...
-i do hope she is found and ok!
anyway, i hate to even tweet such phrases as "jew someone down" even as a quote about the slur because searching people's names plus slurs...
...like racial or sexist vulgarities, is a good way to find out people who hold really racist views. i sometimes like self-deprecating humor...
standing by.
um...taylor... senpai noticed us...
my roommate always puts this song on blast
that song hits you hard right lmao
it's so refreshing to see one of my fave finger tutters posting content again. gimme dat inspiration &lt;3
got a link?
you are absolutely right and no one is laughing either. lock that up now! vote
no more ! vote
man, his thetan must be all screwed up over this! "jason lee no longer a scientologist" via &amp;
this is genuinely good news
2016: last call for working class whites?
especially if they continue voting against their own interests by voting for gop candidates
...like racial or sexist vulgarities, is a good way to find out people who hold really racist views. i sometimes like self-deprecating humor...
...but it *really* is a case of knowing the audience and following the same rules as to why white folks should avoid saying the n-word, etc..
yay !!!!!! we cant forget
we won't! i have it saved to my wedding board!
if you're lying, just say so. no need to deflect.
i don't know what trump's exact poll numbers are in nc, but i imagine that by tomorrow morning, they'll be a few points up.
sept 21, 1942:1st flight of boeing b-29 superfortress. i was in pilot training. b-29 was the aircraft that dropped the x-1 just 5 yrs later.
ever engage an me163 komet? any technology from it lead to the x-1?
apparently allo claims to exist now. i still don't understand why i need yet another messenger to talk to a google bot. with big text.
i am already stuck using imessage/facetime, skype, facebook, telegram, slack, discord, hangouts, irc, and sms. don't need another one.
goodnight everyone wishing james the best of luck tomorrow
goodnight bestie james for the win !!!!!
police giving protesters warning to leave i-85
black cops killing white guys? nah! but read this anyway...
so many things wrong with this video
lmao can't forget this
...but it *really* is a case of knowing the audience and following the same rules as to why white folks should avoid saying the n-word, etc..
the actor friend of a friend with the two jewish friends who were both agents who constantly made self-deprecating jokes wasn't will arnett.
that's simply a myth. hrc &amp; stein supporters &amp; non-voters are pretty similar.
yes, dear. we get it. you're voting for jill, unless you stay home to wank to old copies of jacobin.
when crazy enters your mentions, all you can do is smile and nod.
lol, you the only one that worked in a fo, but you're not an insider
i can get 100 women. that's not a fucking problem. there's nothing to be happy about. who gives a fuck. the problem is connection that lacks
i'm just trying to find myself again &amp; thinking about the memories is what has me so fucked up. i'm a mess
thanks, crappy rich suburbs of the bay area:
the 3 big cities did only somewhat better, but have far more capacity, transit, &amp; abag-designated pdas
just occurred to me that i can't remember the last night i didn't hear sirens go by at least once. weird the things you never notice.
i used to live next to a hospital in japan, where they run the sirens all night long. got used to it surprisingly quickly.
hillary clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. sleep well hillary - see you at the debate!
take two weeks off, then quit.
hi everyone, i just saw captain america: civil war. it was very good. sorry for being so late
dean pelton was in it!!
this needs lots of recognition. the world needs more people like you bro. good one you for being se...
selfless? no no - the plan is for dom to now make millions from this newly acquired device so i can have u...
i legit hear footsteps on my roof right now wtf
little raccoons?
hi we're from big g we just made a whatsapp clone 5 yrs late that doesn't integrate with our other chat systems, but you can spam yr friends
its got stickers tho
he's electric
he did tom jones tonight
the actor friend of a friend with the two jewish friends who were both agents who constantly made self-deprecating jokes wasn't will arnett.
but someone roughly equally famous. not the "a-list star w/ wife &amp; kids who's rumored to be involved with a child sex ring" either, fwiw.
i liked a video from i miss making daily videos! [cc]
thank you for the tweetery! hugs!
what a sick joke...thomas jefferson would not be amused either pete
all tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent. thomas jefferson
happy birthday have a good one axperus
merci axpers
i don't know much about megan, but i do know she'd eat him for breakfast.
i don't eat breakfast, only dinner and liquor
hi we're from big g we just made a whatsapp clone 5 yrs late that doesn't integrate with our other chat systems, but you can spam yr friends
i installed it immediately
i find it depressing that i've seen more people i know talking about brangelina than the wells fargo hearing.
all a conspiracy. i'm sure other banks have had similar shady business practices. is just the first one caught. :)
but someone roughly equally famous. not the "a-list star w/ wife &amp; kids who's rumored to be involved with a child sex ring" either, fwiw.
jewish humor sometimes doesn't translate well to non-jewish audiences because they don't quite appreciate the irony.
anyone know why finder can't copy xcode via file sharing? copies via rsync work...
hmm. is there a radar for this?
hit them with the *new phone who dis* ios 10 "deleted" your contacts
it was my girlfriend!!! she got a new number. that bitch...
i'm just trying to find myself again &amp; thinking about the memories is what has me so fucked up. i'm a mess
crawling in my skin. these wounds, they will not heal....this lack of self control i fear is never ending
and for being such a terrible game, it's certainly getting a lot of playtime hours.
as austin walker says, it's like a good twitter bot.
you never invite me to anything flux ;_;
you can come through too bring strongs
"when does a book equal a gun?"
"when i look at you, i don't hate you! but how many times do you expect me to look the other way?"
just a reminder of how much ur friendship has meant to me all these years. i'll miss you so much but i know you're...
thank you so much veronika!!! you guys are the best
happy burfday
thanks roland!!
don't just go to bed, be the bed.
your make a good bed :)
will be regina, gretchen &amp; karen this halloween slutty af
i'll be an "ex wife"
everytime says something i feel her on a spiritual level. she just has such positive,chill &amp; humble vibes. i love her!
but she basically says the same thing every time she gets someone.
good news is one of the best gifts you can give
or admission to the school gym when you lose your wallet. thanks garrett :)
try to live it up a bit
im just here to travel with my grandma because home girl cannot travel alone
crawling in my skin. these wounds, they will not heal....this lack of self control i fear is never ending
against my will i stand beside my own reflection. it's haunting how i can't see. to find myself again...my walls are closing in
sept 21, 1942:1st flight of boeing b-29 superfortress. i was in pilot training. b-29 was the aircraft that dropped the x-1 just 5 yrs later.
the b-29 fifi is cruising norcal right now - monterey last weekend, next modesto, and then sacramento. i hope to see it
is hard 2 put across a clear message in 140char in a way that really clarifies but power of heart/mind helping...
.with stress management/wise second nature best ways 2 stop any mishaps for all equally in almost all situations?
white men are still whining about being beaten by a girl while black people are getting shot in the street.
i cannot wait for white men to become enough of a minority in the dem party that we can stop making concessions to them and their feelings.
jewish humor sometimes doesn't translate well to non-jewish audiences because they don't quite appreciate the irony.
there's an interesting historical reason why so many jewish people came to hollywood besides the vaudeville heritage &amp; talmudic humor...
its about to go down
i'm ready for season 2!
oh damn! you're in town? for how long?
. i'm just here for a quick work jawn. i'm out tomorrow :(
lmaoo somebody get they mans
weak at the fact that yall still talkin bout this
blocking i85 will really garner sympathy. i would hammer down one of those 18 wheelers like the snowman &amp; fred.
with how many trans ams running blocker?
there's an interesting historical reason why so many jewish people came to hollywood besides the vaudeville heritage &amp; talmudic humor...
...that involves patent law too. i think tim wu's book the master switch has the best rendition of the story, but basically edison &amp; a group...
i'm honored for such a high opinion omg!! it's not as smart as it possibly can be, unfortunately, but thanks! \o/
np! they are well designed, i just need to get better at understanding their configurations
hot take: pokemon the movie 2000 has the best soundtrack ever
all i remember is melody kissing ash and misty has the face of someone being cucked
i re-upped our cable, for kids' favorites and a few mainstream, non-premium faves like hgtv. a comparable apple package would be quick sale.
does sling carry what you want?
this weather is my favorite
sameeee, i'm a winter baby
y'all. this is charlotte. 9.20.16. we are at war
armed citizen shot by police officer.....why are you at war?
russia becomes a heaven for criminals
-russia, as proved by the recent duma election, is not a state, more just a lawless "region".
any app developers out there
we are experts in mobile app development services in nyc. our pf email to leads.com
.with stress management/wise second nature best ways 2 stop any mishaps for all equally in almost all situations?
things can be wild in this world, but have confidence in you to be able to live above &amp; be safe/wise always
. if you guys don't have this internet issue resolved by this weekend, we need to talk money...
shouldn't have to be paying this much for internet that doesn't work and for the extra data i'll have to use
: offering all units needed, fast, $1k/mo if over city parking, else $1200. c/
i think this describes the political issue:
...that involves patent law too. i think tim wu's book the master switch has the best rendition of the story, but basically edison &amp; a group...
...of east coast bankers, who were wasps (white anglo-saxon protestant) &amp; anti-semitic had bought or invented the patent rights to projectors.
"good news! trump is now polling at +95 percent in nc "..why would you tell that lie then?
it's sarcasm. some folks don't get it. but then, it's said that white people are the devil and we lie, so then there's that.
excellent work from - the syrian children working in turkey's shoe factories
they should be in school and out playing but, syrian children lose their childhood. the world turns &amp; forgets.
tf nigga you the opposite of small
it's a retweet i found it funny.. still small, not 's yet
...of east coast bankers, who were wasps (white anglo-saxon protestant) &amp; anti-semitic had bought or invented the patent rights to projectors.
and movie cameras and so on. so they had these strict rules about how actors should be interchangeable parts and not featured as "stars".
yes, that's what we are objecting to. any other questions? btw, blacks dont kill other blacks cause their black. wake up.
black on black crime is egregious in america.
web developers and app developers needed on-location, dm with details, bootstrapping stage
if you are considering agency, please visit our portfolio: and share details to leads.com
i've just spoken to the where i raised issues like security council reform and promoted 's campaign.
i'll help in every way i can just ask
and movie cameras and so on. so they had these strict rules about how actors should be interchangeable parts and not featured as "stars".
and nobody could import all the great foreign films that were being made and all sorts of other restrictions. so hollywood was basically the
shouldn't have to be paying this much for internet that doesn't work and for the extra data i'll have to use
grad student here, who has homework due tomorrow, yet can't access the internet.
it's on sept 25 season 2 this sunday it's...
season 2 is gonna rock you're in it too, which makes it #! ml&amp;r
all she said was hi back lmfao
lmfao and she followed me kid
love this photo of the beautiful from last nights party (photographer ?)
this is perfect
: i had coffee with a trump supporter-heres how i left him speechless
killary isn't a successful anything, she's a fucking crook. stick that in your coffee.
fuck no..... you mean to tell me i have to come out side with my head scarf bc once that mf is on it stays on
yes girl lol that's what my ra told me , i'm gone be lookin a hot ass mess
and nobody could import all the great foreign films that were being made and all sorts of other restrictions. so hollywood was basically the
...farthest away from new york / new jersey (where wall street &amp; edison were located) that the founders of the hollywood studios today got:
all my coworkers are indian and they thought i was indian too and the forget to speak english to me 6/10 times. cant wait to quit.
where do you work?
i know this might kill you but please read donald trump's art of the deal book. it explains it perfectly
trump didn't write the art of the deal (like he frequently claimed he did)
what is the big deal with ? who cares
some people are into haute culture, and was hoping to see mr. &amp; mrs. smith ii come out. nothing wrong with that.
and nobody could import all the great foreign films that were being made and all sorts of other restrictions. so hollywood was basically the
...furthest away from new york / new jersey (where wall street &amp; edison were located) that the founders of the hollywood studios today got.
i'm just gonna jerk off and go to bed
ain't no pimp ever said that
...furthest away from new york / new jersey (where wall street &amp; edison were located) that the founders of the hollywood studios today got.
to stay ahead of the patent lawsuits by the edison cartel who wanted to churn out movies like chicken mcnuggets: in standardized shapes.
excited to watch kick off tonight!
good to see you tonight &amp; 50 other friends - back soon for creativity
lmaoo somebody get they mans
malichi is a real foo
me rn at 12:34 am
me in the morning
to stay ahead of the patent lawsuits by the edison cartel who wanted to churn out movies like chicken mcnuggets: in standardized shapes.
a lot of them happened to be jewish, but that's how the american movie industry ended up in hollywood. because edison got too greedy.
the only wall in society that i'd want to see built is right on top of that line!
sigh everyone talking but not listening. and those of us that listen, when we speak they ignore.
a lot of them happened to be jewish, but that's how the american movie industry ended up in hollywood. because edison got too greedy.
of course a lot of the hollywood moguls ended up just as greedy. it's human nature after all. that's why it took outsiders like netflix.
anyone know an app developer familiar with apple and ios devices in winnipeg?
we specialize in developing native mobile apps (ios and android)! our portfolio +1(212) 209-1537
i think this describes the political issue:
aspects. but local code for factory-built hsing makes little sense. c/
a gun pointed at you isn't your life in danger? don't be a bullshitter.
if the gun is already pointed at him he's not gonna go to his hip and try to out...
cmon man everybody know dreads are originated from black ppl, that's a racist rule
dreads are religious not cultural . know your facts
nah forreal i got boyfriend applications that need to be filled out
i'll show you what is like to be loved but i can't be your boyfriend :/ is there a different application?
things can be wild in this world, but have confidence in you to be able to live above &amp; be safe/wise always
my basis for belief is:hebrews9:13-17 (hebrews8:8 - 10:10) &amp; facts of so many doing right:
waking up at 8:30 in the morning in london is as far into the future as i've ever been. nyc is asleep.
sam i'm still up buddy. what does wednesday have in store for us
is the worst thing that happened to my bank account but the best thing that happened to my affordable wardrobe
if you're willing to wait forever for your stuff
of course a lot of the hollywood moguls ended up just as greedy. it's human nature after all. that's why it took outsiders like netflix.
and youtube &amp; amazon. i have friends who worked for sony's digital internet divisions (this was 12 years ago when it would've been useful)...
how many friends you got that join allo now?
idk it's still not even available in the us app store
watching 's off the rhekord and i got so excited when i heard doubt by playing in the background
thanks to for getting me hip!
yes already the largest bank in the world but threatened employees with joblessness + screwed customers
sadly the ceo denied everything. what a liar.
i just wanna make a whole album rapping over piano preferably davonte swang on the keys.
you in la? hmu tomorrow lets get up homie
aspects. but local code for factory-built hsing makes little sense. c/
i'd say let , make proposals, public can compare costs, time, etc
and youtube &amp; amazon. i have friends who worked for sony's digital internet divisions (this was 12 years ago when it would've been useful)...
...but it took until other tech companies, many but not all outside of los angeles, and all outside the existing studios, to really succeed.
kristy mcnichol, mark and nathan at the premiere of the michael jackson movie "captain eo"!
i worked that opening weekend at disneyland!!!!!
...but it took until other tech companies, many but not all outside of los angeles, and all outside the existing studios, to really succeed.
one thing i credit steve jobs for that was featured heavily in biographies of him is that he understood licensing songs and tv and movies.
caption this photo and your caption could be on the show! x
feeling like your literal soul is going to fly out of your body &amp; selena is as chill as a cucumber.
also not used to having it in black as opposed to white. really like the illusion of the screen disappearing into the phone.
black is the "correct" screen color for that reason.
people were passing out left and right ambulances everywhere dude
security was kicking everyone out left and right )-:
stealing travis fimmels pick up truck. oh ps. he's genius in vikings
i wonder what has to say is an epic series, you should definitely it! ml&amp;r to y'all
this kid is when he was younger
highkey tru )-:
one thing i credit steve jobs for that was featured heavily in biographies of him is that he understood licensing songs and tv and movies.
and he put together a drm system that the studios and record labels all approved of, first for ipod, then video ipod, mac, windows, &amp; ios.
me: uses up half of the fuckin hair oil shit after one shower because apparently i don't believe in haircuts
you've been tweeting about hair cuts a lot lately
me rn at 12:34 am
me in the morning
and he put together a drm system that the studios and record labels all approved of, first for ipod, then video ipod, mac, windows, &amp; ios.
google hasn't done too bad for themselves either. but my point is that sony, warner, universal, and the other legacy studios were clueless.
y'all, i need to find an ios developer to work on a very simple app as a part-time project and i need a personal recommendation. any though...
we build ios apps! our recent work: please inbox details to leads.com (212) 209 1537
did you say concession stand?
of course! where else do i get my movie news, grog and popcorn covered in contestant blood? oops, crossed streams...
why g-baby so fine??
i think the same thing all the time
my basis for belief is:hebrews9:13-17 (hebrews8:8 - 10:10) &amp; facts of so many doing right:
so many doing right in so many different situations gun popularity needs to come w/key "education" hope 2 agree
good morning arsenal fans, i'm assuming you're all hailing wenger the great this morning
not realy the wob still calling for his head lol
you can teach how it works, the way people are elected, checks and balances, basic government
yeah i took that class in 12th grade unfortunately not everyone listened
well thats a health breakfast
breakfast? this is dinner. ^_^
caption this photo and your caption could be on the show! x
james: that bean and cheese burrito was a bad choice. selena: shoulda had micky deeeeeee's
&amp; helen. just watching open mike show with this great man as guest
a wonderful man! we'll have to track down the show
google hasn't done too bad for themselves either. but my point is that sony, warner, universal, and the other legacy studios were clueless.
sony didn't even know what to do when north korea (allegedly, but i believe it was probably them ) hacked them. google &amp; xbox streamed it.
i need someone to help me create a website
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
sony didn't even know what to do when north korea (allegedly, but i believe it was probably them ) hacked them. google &amp; xbox streamed it.
(it being the infamous movie about american tv celebrities interviewing kim jong un on a secret mission to assassinate him, the interview).
there's no sweets yet
you just calm down now there lol!! best got eat some yourself and then send me the pics
stupidity at its best!
hillary knows democrats are morons with not enough money to support her cause.
exactly and you proved your statement. you lied. you were not being sarcastic, you have nothing more to say so you lied.again
it's dead time now and i have to get back to my dark arts... i can look up trump's poll numbers and get back to you later.
so many doing right in so many different situations gun popularity needs to come w/key "education" hope 2 agree
on some things &amp; discover things etc want u to feel free to teach me on this hebrews9:14-17 (5x will &amp; testament)
uh pretty sure that officer had nothing to do with the shooting
he asks him out of frustration &amp; despair to respond as a representative, a human being. he loves his country &amp; needs an answer.
to save your life against an unknown assailant? gtfoh with that dumb shit
a gun is pointed at you! you go to your hip, you die. time to be a gentle giant...
thanks but also my dream i was playing international cricket to pakistan .i'm a leg spinner right hand batsman
you will get ur chance in sha allah, dont worry
(it being the infamous movie about american tv celebrities interviewing kim jong un on a secret mission to assassinate him, the interview).
"the interview" only got a 52% on rotten tomatoes. that's still not as bad as "the internship" about hollywood-fake-google: 35%. sad!
that's like the equivalent of saving "remember when adtr made shitty music?"
not since homesick
"i just wanna thank god for letting be faithful for 3 weeks"
where da bitches @?
impressively dumb that people who 'hate politics' are so passionate about a guy who promises to solve all their problems through government.
-yet one who has no definable plans for how to accomplish any of his promises.
i need that hat where did you get it? i saw ppl leaving in the 7th.
i got the hat in san francisco either last year or the year before.
san diego needs to stop trying to have fall weather, like stop raining when it's 80 outside. summer is ur thing!!! do ur thing san diego!
i liked the rain tho :/
if you're upset over - this might help. the video is finally here!
this is so good
i want to congratulate myself cause even after the mess of today i still came home and did perspective studies. challenging but worth it!
i'm not sharing them cause they are a glorious mess but i do feel like i am learning!
"the interview" only got a 52% on rotten tomatoes. that's still not as bad as "the internship" about hollywood-fake-google: 35%. sad!
35%, coincidentally, is almost exactly the % of devices running lollipop (5.0 or 5.1). only 18.7% on android marshmallow, sadly.
and people are worried my generation won't vote...
wow that's awesome
it's just too hot if it was like 72 yes please rain
okay ya that's true
35%, coincidentally, is almost exactly the % of devices running lollipop (5.0 or 5.1). only 18.7% on android marshmallow, sadly.
i'm going to start writing "sadly" instead of the trump-style "sad!" because that's how i would normally write. same amount of irony though.
these spiders got me fucked up, everytime i'm trying to get some rest y'all gotta come and invade my space. ihy
fuck that i hate spiders
yeah your right. "tailored this result to you" sounds much better. is that what you mean?
just confirming
i need a place with good baked mac n cheese i've been wanting it for so long!!!!
like country mac n cheese
four aid worker died by air raid on 's rural.
are they the young men from uossm? so sad. prayers
so is this what you did in africa ?
exactly like that
sonofabitch my tv is being blocked by these bitches. just left at 2:30 am. p.s. fuck lg, only lasted...
your tv might be finding a home in charlotte tonight.
a pub in nottingham has put donald trump's face in a urinal
just where it belongs!
my theory on why we naturally grow out of being afraid of the dark: we're not stupid anymore
and are susceptible to the somber atmosphere that makes us reflect on how shitty our lives are;
and are susceptible to the somber atmosphere that makes us reflect on how shitty our lives are;
and in light (pun intended) of that, fear of monsters pales in comparison :-(
college got me feeling guilty when i'm breathing cause i could be doing homework
never read anything funnier in my fucking life
all the sudden i got people showing how much they truly resent me
they whole demeanor just spells envy, they trynna tempt me.
i'd say let , make proposals, public can compare costs, time, etc
by when at what $ could goal # units be avail, &amp; what's best use of city land / air c/
im boutta bust u this week
fuck both y'all niggas
i see protesters saying "it was a book" then rt'ing about "open carry" laws. which is it, guys?
what do you think about many of the responses to this tweet? curious because i see your pov
rising house prices are encouraging developers to convert pubs into homes. now there are fewer than 51,000 u.k pubs...
-still, there are only 65,000 bars and nightclubs in the u.s. which is a much larger nation.
it would be wonderful if the establishment media disappears completely. social media can more than compensate in their absence
yea, until hands the internet over. say goodbye 2 free speech &amp; alt media on the internet.
idk why i put she* just ignore that
but majority of her speaking is "i felt you in it," " i felt your soul"
didn't that hurt wtf
lol some did but most came off hella easy... i'm weird i know
but we live now and we should optimize for what exists, not on guesses about what might exist.
how else can long-term planning and investments be done?
im boutta bust u this week
yo i honestly thought you were the indian matt for so long
encouragement is the only way to go. momma kaite you got this!!!!!
thank you my dear
ok so i got 3 guesses as to the apparition identity. i think nightstalkers fans will be going nuts credit to on the calvary one shot
that totally prepped me for / may's newish role with shield. while i'm here, agents of shield 9 on sale in 4-6 hours.
this is a jailbroken iphone 7.
nice plz rlase unthreaded
who is this? and wow.. he bought the new cap.
a musician, that's about all i know
love in a box!!!!! sooo good!!! gonna beat my brains out!! mmm.....mmmmm. 's 's yummy!!!
wtf? you lost your mind?
u believed in me first during my 2008 comeback. may u rip chris jackson, my coach, my supporter, my friend. my hea...
i'm very sorry for your loss.
oh well nice dinner. only missing beans
i am an adult! ^_^ honest!
why tho lol
i've been sick for three days. bored outta my mind. i sit and watch tv and play with my eyelashes. they started coming off.
i feel like texting her and just saying "i miss you" but i know that would just ruin everything i've worked hard not to do this past week.
all i have to do is press send. and if i do i feel like i failed, and if i don't i'll feel like this silence is all my fault.
php / magento developer needed for contract starting next week until mid-november working in c. london. email emma.co.uk
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
when your housemate jokes about depression &amp; you have to tell her it's not funny. ask me "how are you doing?" not, "aww are you depressed?"
discussing depression is triggering as it is.
with on a contract in required today for an agency
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
we really need another wordpress ninja to help elect hillary clinton. if you are or know one, please dm me asap. thanks.
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
moscow again trying to pit ethnic russians in northeastern estonia against tallinn
-don't they realize that if moscow took over, their lives would be dramatically impoverished?
i take pride in that title
i take pride everytime i manage to id what the guys are spinning i need to step my game up.
i was watching danny phantom and then the power went out
did your parents try to turn on a ghost dimension portal?!?!?
in about an hour, i'll be over at (at 9/10th &amp; mission) to celebrate my imminent funemployment; come on by if you like.
sorry i missed this!
ugh i've been having shakey hands all day. i really need to get my stress under control.
breathe. steady. in your mind you got this. let it out in one burst. breathe again. then because you are you. no one else.
is out at select cinemas in today, hope some of you get the chance to see it
this movie was so good
wait till u see this vidro
okay we haven't played all day down tomorrow?
header giveaway (choosing 2 winners!) rt &amp; follow to enter ends today @ 3:00 eastern
this one is fresh af
nepa; isn't my area, but i suggest you try getting in touch via good luck!
hi paul, appreciate the response, thank you!
i am looking for a good web developer and social media marketing company as soon as possible
submit your details here:
look and ! a whole new generation! thank you! this is my son
that's the most adorable ever
aww you got weak ass xbox, smh tap in when you wanna run em
all the real niggas is on the one bruh bruh lol what park u in?
obama has a 60% approval rating now, without total control of media and parliament, and without starting a rally-ar...
-putin's party "won" with only 18% of eligible russian voters!
more i use the more i think its not that great.
it's like a nice, quick fire scout. prob decent in pvp. ballerhorn though. i liked that quest :)
11:11 ; stop being an asshole
oh yess
hahah okay that totally makes sense now.
i'll get a new set and know not to fuck with them. i'm just weird. it's like w/ acrylic nails, once ones off, they all gotta go.
"in we trust." premieres tonight at 10|9c.
eeeek so excited
buffalo chicken fries about to be on
currently witnessing the eating rn
are there any professionals available?
we have good experience in website design/development. our portfolio: email: leads.com
shes dropping me from the class yall. its serious. why she so mad.
lmfao what even happened?!?
where are you at? :)
we have good experience in website design/development. our portfolio: email: leads.com
makes you feel like you can do so much less in the world.
this. this is why, as ex-military and with family in law enforcement, i felt not speaking up has hurt police. now it broad strokes.
uri attack probe: terrorists locked soldiers in cook house, store via
interestingly, one also done in us to help strengthen india's case against pak in united nations
u can sub me now lmao
already did
this. this is why, as ex-military and with family in law enforcement, i felt not speaking up has hurt police. now it broad strokes.
open season has begun yet again. people on all sides, last chance to wake up.
i'm definitely going to cry!! i absolutely hate frogs and my brother let one go in my room
update... it's under the bucket
she behaves worse then donald trump by calling a quarter of americans irredeemable she has a better opinion of terrorist
nobody is worse than donald trump.
open your arms to receive all of the goodness that is flowing to you.
wish i could come to your angel intuitive in maui
you're not even talk show host? that's funny you could have fooled me and i listen to the show quite a bit
oops what i meant to say was if you were not a good host i think i would have picked up on that by now
lmao bc my photobucket is giving me some major tb
honestly wished i took more pictures when i had my lip piercing haha. oh god i'm dying at myself
they cancelled roadies today no season 2. it was a period in my life that will be with me forever. it tricked me into being happy again.
. love roadies. you are a perfect wes. noone could have plsyed wes better. .
thanks, and . very pleased with your purchase. it's dirty, but very cool.
wot? i wasn't there?
in many programs don't h8 me cause you ain't me
boobs &gt; cars
you pour milk in before cereal too huh?
the only good thing about wingstop is their fries and ranch, the sauces are trash
breaking | dozens of protesters are breaking into the walmart on north tryon street.
looters not protesters
and were they in the australian outback, where that one aborigine w/a stolen satellite phone franchised out..?
hate to ruin a meme, but that looks like the front of the outback :)
stop lying you love us
the worst lmao
i am paralyzed. i can't even drink my coffee. time to hibernate.
whoa, that's bad! should we set up the funnel?
out of curiosity, do you models prefer members to stay out of your room if they have no tokens? what if they've tipped you before?
i never get upset at someone for coming in my chat room and not tipping unless their being rude. i love the company!
it's quite terrifying actually.
got that right. now i walk on other side of street seeing cops and then worry that i looked suspicious avoiding them.
bww sauce is trash. you only go for atmosphere miss me with that
in your non-existent opinion
lmfaooo that's why our waitress loved us
she was just working for her tip
. this is our brain on drugs. - any questions?
my drugged brain makes me think this looks like an egg owl. who... fried me?
for those not in america that is awake hai
we in amurika and we still woke :+) check out these shoes i created bro
don't know who for sure yet but i have many options so we good :)
must be nice to have options lmao
yes was done in by chiftikhar aitzaza funded by raw
his demise was getting pak out of imf clutches
i only knew the first verse i had to look up the rest im not a real fan :(((
i can sing along but can't recite by memory i'm fake
!???!?!??! where?!?!??!
playing football :t
it's this one guy i see all over glendale and comes to every meet. it's orange and has like a 2016 sti wing on it
ohhhhhhh ya ik which one
delighted to announce we're bringing on board as thrive global's managing editor. welcome, callie!
great news!! (and two wonderful reasons for ruby &amp; i to come visit!)
femto is playable in berserk and the band of the hawk. not too much of a surprise.
i was hoping he would be. now i'm waiting for serpico to be playable.
you not getting that i'm needy and i'm waiting for the other part of your message to arrive
you not getting that there was no 2nd part to that and you have to reply
can i crash with u in sf or what
nigga u the one w options
what park you in?
sunset ballers nigga already know
we want the police out of the politics ~ they are there for member rep ~ this is out of their territory
police/fire dept union is akin to a 4th wing of the state, police in fact are contract employees with greater job protection
this episode of atlanta is exactly how a majority of y'all are
or the trolls
niko why .. just because you didn't feel their soul doesn't mean you gotta hate lol
i wasn't saying i wasn't feeling them, but i think some of them should have been on other teams
sc taking special interest on dance bars... sc permits three dance bars in mumbai to operate under old rules
: dance bars are permitted, but height of govindaaaas are not !! what makes a better society ? dance bar or janmashtami !!!
damn nigga i got roy and ray it's good smh
annoying you don't wanna stay w him
please kill him his a burden
learn to speak and spell english.
pouya so slept on its sad
not even close
i always think of us when i hear this
lmfao what?? am i forgetting something here
where?!?!?!!? pics?!?!?!?!!?
a couple. *looks through magazine*
as national symbol, we should replace the bald eagle with a big fat chicken
a debeaked big fat chicken
i've been released by rangers after hours of interogation. but the question is why was i taken into custody? just b'coz i'm a mqm worker?
well said. they are think about it. we are stand for
over ,and over......
ever get to tn.look me up,and ill lick u up.
okay i'm done with you we sang this together
we sing lots of songs (horribly) how am i supposed to remember!!!!!
okay it's 1:12am and i'm here trying to watch ahs 6 .
idk who i think i am i'm sacred ...
this guy keeps fucking texting me one word replies and now he says he needs help. i'm getting mixed signals... and... i wanna block em...
so block them :p
senior catholic figure questioned by police over paedophile priest
don't let him in a public toilet..
then let's talk about the food we will get! haha
yes please!! :) we need to catch up!
microagressions have been coming up a lot in everyday conversations.
i'm mexican and black and the disrespect i have received from both cultures growing up is wild.
microagressions have been coming up a lot in everyday conversations.
i'm mexican and black and the disrespect i have received from both groups growing up is wild.
lmfaooooo i peeped and was like idk them then i read it over and died
he's probably like who tf are these pretty brown bitches
when ppl copy ur ideas, go celebrate. ppl can copy ideas, but they can never copy ur passion &amp; talents.
unfollowed for being obnoxious
good morning. i'll tune in 6am-7am. project paws alive:
bill, after you retweeted this, this tweet got close to 1,400 impressions.
can i start packing for cali now? oh, &amp; question! do i provide the daisy dukes &amp; bikini top or does someone give th...
a custom cut fitted to ones liking is highly recommended.
lastest from
yes trump is ahead in most polls now; and he knows what allepo is!!
i work using two screens. for two days, i've left a firefox window on something like a newtab and worked on my terminal. 1/
but it's recorded the newtab as my time. :-/ . any suggestions for fixing this?
i'm mexican and black and the disrespect i have received from both groups growing up is wild.
i think now, i face less microagressions as a latina than i do as a black woman...
good god man it's baseball! i've been tweeting tony bennett on road games for 3 years!
yes! you certainly have! was here!!
i think now, i face less microagressions as a latina than i do as a black woman...
anti-blackness and anti-black rhetoric is engrained in us through media, education, societal norms etc.
there are no answers. in the tc case, people called 911, stated a man was on drugs, he wasn't. upset abt the car
ya-know protocol &amp; when saw video him moving-leaning down toward door etc-knew notgood praying 4 family &amp; leaders
ohh and on ner'zhul
oh shit i think that's where my belf hunter is from wotlk ._. i forgot aj asked me about wow before too!
it's actually petfinder get your facts straight
pet tinder***
oh wait!! my class is cancelled so at 1:51
ok i guess i can sacrifice some of my nap time
hahaha - i couldn't decide
alpacas do that and we call it pronking
should i feel attacked...?
can i pleeease watch you eat pizza tomorrow
anti-blackness and anti-black rhetoric is engrained in us through media, education, societal norms etc.
this means anti- blackness exists in black and non-black communities.
i need to plur you
i'm gonna plur the fuck out of u
there are no answers. in the tc case, people called 911, stated a man was on drugs, he wasn't. upset abt the car
appreciate you being open-minded to deal with things based on facts w/a heart. i am too &amp; others on all things!?
look at the shit going on on i-85 rocks thrown at moving vehicles trucks looted. and you justify all that
can you justify the graphic below?
so that justifies it?
can you justify killing of these unarmed victims?
golf f/w 2016 lookbook is now up:
pretty sure i'm dropping half my refund check from financial aid here thnx
i tried eating it yesterday...i didnt finish it..
wow and you didn't send me a pic
this means anti- blackness exists in black and non-black communities.
growing up i heard anti-black rhetoric from the latinx community and was constantly persuaded to distance myself from blackness.
i finished my homework for the entire week and i'm ready for bed at 10pm. this is living :,-)
the amount of jealous i have rn is unreal
we need more estrogen-based coding!
don't-forget estrogen-based redefinition.
are you assuming most ppl agree with you because the majority of our nation is ignorant like you
justify these?
my job is to cover where the end up if not los angeles. there are capable reporters in nevada who can cove...
"cover the actual policy".... dafuk?
please don't kill me but i love you hbd beautiful (she actually pretty af)
omg always with that second one love you era
growing up i heard anti-black rhetoric from the latinx community and was constantly persuaded to distance myself from blackness.
being a part of the latinx community, it is my responsibility to educate my community.
my two cents on this matter (that i can't believe is even being debated)
but considering that i've been in many classes with this jack fellow in my life, i've gathered that learning isn't really his forte
where in ceres are you lol
k mart off hatch
i'm on episode 3 of stranger things and i'm still confused
trust me, it gets better. like the first few drag but then it sucks you iiiiiiiiin
i speak for the majority, not for the feral.
the majority understands there is a huge freaking problem. who's the feral?
my brother got his phone taken away in class today after my dad sent him this text
wow this tweet was a real winner
disappointed that my baby changing bag zip broke after 2 months of use. such a shame because it was such a beautiful bag
hi! we are very sorry about this. please contact our customer service at contact.com - have a nice day, thanks, s
being a part of the latinx community, it is my responsibility to educate my community.
i guess according to terminology from dr. ibram h. rogers (kendi), i consider myself grassroots altruistic, rather than ladder altruistic.
where is deray?
he was in san diego last night politifest.... shocked that scott would give him such a forum.
jam sessions with our awwwdings.
yessss im excited
i want to play that smt iv apocalypse game that came out, but i've never played any other ones.... lol &gt;.&gt;
gotta at least play smt4 apparently. this is a sequel or a side story
i guess according to terminology from dr. ibram h. rogers (kendi), i consider myself grassroots altruistic, rather than ladder altruistic.
if you don't know these terms i would look em up
that's the worst idea in history.
ha, that's one of 's least stupid bad ideas. she also stole it from season 6 episode 17 of the west wing
wow i've come a long way.
is this now ?
the world cup of hockey is pretty much the nhl all-star game divided into more than just two teams. pure awesomeness.
what about the swedish?
are you assuming most ppl agree with you because the majority of our nation is ignorant like you
ignorant? who's makes a choice to be ignorant because they won't admit th...
if you don't know these terms i would look em up
anyways, i'm not putting blame on anybody, but be aware of your language and micro/macroaggressions.
"? in my ?" it's more likely than you think. free frozen waffle check!
now this is the sort of alert we should be able to receive on phones. or better yet, smart fridges.
are you at the k mart?
ill send you the address
it's mind boggling that some don't see it as an issue. it's not a red flag. "busy" is an acceptable, plausible reason
i feel like it's because we have our like burst of social interaction and then burst of cold shoulder or lack of acknowledgment
this image describes my brain in one post....... the ideas and connection and implementation of...
it will all fit together like a big puzzle
anyways, i'm not putting blame on anybody, but be aware of your language and micro/macroaggressions.
i would do some research on these aggressions as well, which are not limited to racism but also sexism, homophobia, transphobia, ableism,
and he better fuckin make you laugh the whole way home to turn your night around girl.
she already know i'm hella funny lol
i feel like it's because we have our like burst of social interaction and then burst of cold shoulder or lack of acknowledgment
idk sometimes we just go mia on people out of nowhere and it's like dude i just need my space rn lol it's not personal
me: editing my selfies brain: i hate chris brown how can people still like him me: i like the flower filter on sc better brain: fuck him
am i the only one like this?
he was being sarcastic, right?
trump changed his party affiliation seven times-guess that's his idea of sarcasm
on my atl bullshit - this star roof is always a selfie starter shout to one of the realest out...
hi guys enjoy your music making
arrest the accused, no problem. but don't harass entire muslim community in that street by your anti terror raid.
sorry for the inconvenience!
thank you. i will check it out.
ok thanks. we look forward to receive your requirements for further proceeding.
i would do some research on these aggressions as well, which are not limited to racism but also sexism, homophobia, transphobia, ableism,
islamophobia, xenophobia, etc...
waldo needs to go home so i can go home
on the bright side, i made a new friend
poor trams getting short shunted :c
you mean sort-turned?
badass header my boy
this tweet is about you my boy
she already owns the electoral college, its a sad fact. there was never a need for an election cycle. what can we do?
thx avan i followed u-feel free to folme anytime also im always available-no bad time(s) 24/7 be well,
4th show added for perth friday 18th november at 3:30pm.on sale thurs 29th sept at 9am.
just have to say i watch you with my 18 month grandson and we both just love to dance along and have fun
hey guys, where i live is about to get hit by a big storm so my internet reception is gonna be really shitty. i'll post when i can -shaina
send it to cali we need rain. but i wish you the best and stay safe
how about i sit on your face, douchebag
hit them with the heiiiinnnnnnn.
raise your hand if you have even a half of an iota of a hot buttered damn to give for what mike pence finds offensi...
as has been the habit of nearly the entire gop, they seem to find the truth offensive.
a few of my exes really influenced me in setting the bar high when it came to how i set my standards of dating..
regardless of how it went down, those relationships were really filled with appreciation, affection, knowledge, insight, awareness, ect.
u dont care about blackonblack crime, unless its part of your agenda to bash obama/clinton. find someone else to do that with
pointing fingers when u don't address your own problems. obama would be proud.
the world should realize what kashmir wants
you don't need to be a kashmiri to stand with kashmiris. you need to be a human.
regardless of how it went down, those relationships were really filled with appreciation, affection, knowledge, insight, awareness, ect.
coming from that..anything less than that just looks like a person isn't trying; regardless of proximity.
in other news, my mom called me on tuesday (yesterday) so i told her about my shelter doggie dying of old age heart &amp; lung &amp; other problems.
she said he'd been coughing a lot more than usual, and i said yeah, whatever finally got him took him quickly, but he'd been getting old.
the player to watch was salut salut. suspected wallhacking. watching his perspective, how he randomly looks at walls and knows everything
he must be a pro ted, no way he cheats on csgo lol
coming from that..anything less than that just looks like a person isn't trying; regardless of proximity.
although i do not long for any of my past connections in any shape or form, those experiences..
you know how you know someone who is mad trifling and uncouth - you think "man i am glad he doesn't have any children..."
but that's always who has 50-60 kids. and i'm like "how?"
she said he'd been coughing a lot more than usual, and i said yeah, whatever finally got him took him quickly, but he'd been getting old.
anyway, she mentioned since he was having heart trouble &amp; i mentioned he'd started acting really confused, she pointed out he may have had...
although i do not long for any of my past connections in any shape or form, those experiences..
along with what i know now &amp; how i love myself..have the bar set high when it comes to "relationships".
are you speaking to folks on the ground or just trying to make protesters seem like looters...?
bitch cantchu read?
along with what i know now &amp; how i love myself..have the bar set high when it comes to "relationships".
p.s- you can't yell or talk a penguin into flying. it's just not in them. i mean that metaphorically.
a misty good morning from pitlochry.
looks like a painting mandy. how's mom?
got lost on my way to hugh hardy's house yesterday! had to pull over and take a shot on this...
lyric, it's amazing in life. what you can sometimes find. after, getting ,lost. get the picture? haha :...
nope, shunt. stop in the middle, switch a short shunt track and go back
i'm aware of what shunting is, but since it's in service the proper term is short-turn service.
anyway, she mentioned since he was having heart trouble &amp; i mentioned he'd started acting really confused, she pointed out he may have had...
...a stroke in his poor little doggie brain. it's too bad &amp; get old like people, except faster. we gotta get some science on that.
(finished listening. i don't know what to think yet.)
it's okay to take 4 years or more to process your thoughts lol but listen/watch endless too!!
. is a diss track blackbelt
most definitely
if you're in los angeles and didn't see the rain for 20 minutes yesterday, congratulations, you missed out on our winter. pay attention jerk
dammit! now i gotta wait a whole year to end my drought? fuck.
...a stroke in his poor little doggie brain. it's too bad &amp; get old like people, except faster. we gotta get some science on that.
anyway, i was recommending to my sister, who got in the car, that the new iphone 7 sounds good &amp; my sister with the 5s on vzw can upgrade.
p.s- you can't yell or talk a penguin into flying. it's just not in them. i mean that metaphorically.
p.s.s- i'm just tryna chill. dating is too much work for me (currently) &amp; i got other things to do.
i would set up a bitcoin donation address but i'm not a pedophile
ill donate $1,488 if you do
i been claimin it since 2015
you really have tho
that just shows he is a fish out of water and flip-flops like a dying carp. i'm not a fan of carp.
trump was a democrat (2001-2009) longer than he was a republican in the last decade
at least the pumpkin beer craze is burning itself out, those are some gnarly brews/not in a good way
ew that sounds aaaawwwfullll
i'm praying for my family back in charlotte and the carolina kuz these folks won't understand what we face daily
many do not as i'm looking at some comments now. tragic, on so many levels.
anyway, i was recommending to my sister, who got in the car, that the new iphone 7 sounds good &amp; my sister with the 5s on vzw can upgrade.
she has an iphone 5s; she must be able to trade it in for the new 7, even if she has to extend the contract. they both want to stay on vzw.
lol it's just joooookes, he funny, he funny. since day 1.
yup you a real one
lol @ me for throwing up
not like i was supposed to stay till 5 or anything :))))
i couldn't ever wear makeup to the gym wtf
lol i've gone to the gym with my makeup on cause i'm lazy af &amp; just getting myself to the gym is a workout
keep forgetting this shirt is still for sale! go grab your own today!
why does mike have a sex smirk? xp
she has an iphone 5s; she must be able to trade it in for the new 7, even if she has to extend the contract. they both want to stay on vzw.
or the iphone se if she wants to stay with the smaller size. but the 5s is still pretty good. runs the latest . sensor.
true for so many xs: "as newly minted scientists, we are not trained in x. nevertheless, x becomes a significant portion of the job."
x = using photocopier
not sure why, finally am trying on my and it only works 1/4 of the time :/. missing the swiping feature to punch in code.
. should improve the more often you use it. or else you can try wiping the sensor with a cloth, or deleting &amp; re-enrolling.
nope, shunt. stop in the middle, switch a short shunt track and go back
it's the same operations here in sf too. especially with our modern trams &amp; double-ended trams having 2 cabs
once obama won, a switch was thrown and trump decided birtherism was his ticket to political fortune
important to understand this about trump's birtherism
"email. email. email." part of why clinton's trust/honesty numbers are so dreadful:
yes, multiple republican investigations worked. but the fact is she's been cleared of any wrongdoing. email email email is ignorance
50 syrian youth are building their capacity as leaders through yala academy &amp; doing all they can for peace against great odds
that's amazing. young people are likely 2 have hope. have u found that many syrians are giving up or do they just carry on? brave!
finding a place to get married is proving harder than i ever imagined so thought i would...
thats a nice venue . my cosuin is doing the exact same thing. shes looking for one here in long island
you were in my mentions first
had to say wassup to ya
google allo chat app is smart, but enough to break though?
i can't even get chat, that was very good, to work any more. i can't find a way to get around damn "hangouts".
12 officers hurt, vehicles damaged in charlotte shooting protests, police say
this headline perpetuates racism and fuels the hate.
got lost on my way to hugh hardy's house yesterday! had to pull over and take a shot on this...
lyric, it's amazing in life. what you can sometimes find. after, getting lost. you get the picture. hah...
how late is too late to start packing for tour?
way too late
how late is too late to start packing for tour?
depends when are you are leaving
do you mean more recently than 20,000 years ago? if so, look at this timeline. before, human society wasn't around....
when you say "profound cycles of heating and cooling", you're not talking about the same earth sustaining 7 billion humans.
when you say "profound cycles of heating and cooling", you're not talking about the same earth sustaining 7 billion humans.
because the earth has never before in its history been able to sustain 7 billion people. only through modern agriculture.
30/hr sure was worth it. i need to have my own tutoring thing happening fr
tutor me. i want 87's on exams
i would love for you to see my latest music video for "the one you run to" check it out and comment, like, share!
very nice! the idea and the voice are great!thank you for being here with us:) cheers:)
because the earth has never before in its history been able to sustain 7 billion people. only through modern agriculture.
so we have a couple of different problems. if wants to pay for some walls, we could talk about sea walls like holland.
right now i'll have a full recap of the deadly officer involved shooting that set off overnight protests
please help by giving factual information on air today, so the people are fully aware of the...
don't worry this is all your missing out on
these are all the drafts i never posted at 3am
so we have a couple of different problems. if wants to pay for some walls, we could talk about sea walls like holland.
because we're going to need a lot of levees in a lot more parts of america than we do now if the sea level keeps on rising.
"to the ones who doesn't" say it out loud
if you read my first tweet then read the other one it makes sense
about to go see sully with ryan at the movies! does anyone know if it's good?
i loved it. it is one of my favorite movies of the year.
i would love to go abroad. but it's very difficult with my older family members. great suggestion though x
what about some where in northern italy.
zootopia is on netflix im so excited
so i'm coming over rn and we're gonna watch it lol
i think you're missing a word in that tweet. maybe "not?"
tweet is accurate. watch video
if this happened
co red? don't if that's possible
memories? that shit hurts! :|
better future ahead
minister for justice apparently unaware of the good friday agreement
the british pm hasn't heard of it either so it is in the in thing.
i don't care about brangelina splitting as long as kimye exist
i want them to be married 50 years from now, flipping off haters on the barren apocalyptic wastelands
i'm not afraid to argue with people with pepe avatars about the reality of and the absurdity of being racist about iq's.
i'm also not afraid to block people or mute them if they bother me enough. like creepy scientologists or stalkers.
okay, this looks clever: an time-travel rpg for mac that changes graphics styles as you travel through time.
it's a pretty fun game so far.
i'm also not afraid to block people or mute them if they bother me enough. like creepy scientologists or stalkers.
but i repeat myself. the person earlier telling me i looked ugly in my avatar was a first. i mean, i'm not the most handsome guy, but still.
a predicted 1.3% rate of human violence would make for one mighty safe life experience.
i appreciate what you are trying to do, but your source cites murder rate as 4.5 per 100,000 - 1000 x lower than 4.5%
but i repeat myself. the person earlier telling me i looked ugly in my avatar was a first. i mean, i'm not the most handsome guy, but still.
i don't know that i'm hideously ugly either. it's a flattering photo of me, regardless. that's why i often use it.
dude i used to be at the library til 1 or 2 last year but it be harder to get my friends to go w me now and i live far lol
lol i feel it. my friends be tapping out early lol you more than welcome to rock wit me i'm there pretty much every night lol
u slander a good man because he does not agree with ur politics,i grew up in bklyn u wd have lasted 2 days in nyc.esad
read the making of donald trump w/44 pages if sources. if u show any error i'll correct promptly. i report hard facts.
"a man just died. why are they playing an uplifting shanty?"
because buddy didn't fall though ice.
barb. bush on trump: "he's said terrible things about women... military. i don't understand why people are for him."
man of us don't understand either mrs. bush. your son, jeb, would have been a much better republican nominee. hillary must win!
"you only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." - mae west
enough for...???
i appreciate what you are trying to do, but your source cites murder rate as 4.5 per 100,000 - 1000 x lower than 4.5%
of course rate of terrorism and other crimes among refugees is much much lower than 1.3% . don jr grossly distorting statistics.
last game of the season covering the was tonight, thanks to all who made it a good one, especially
he's a stud.
great scope this morning, boop! ron keeps spamming the comments though haha jk
she ignores me anyways.
i don't know that i'm hideously ugly either. it's a flattering photo of me, regardless. that's why i often use it.
i just reset my twitter header photo to a recent photo of a google self-driving golf cart i saw around mountain view.
he is a guy who speaks his mind without hypocrisy calling a spade a spade even when others against it.
read the making of donald trump &amp; see if you still believe-- cheats workers &amp; vendors, says wages 2 high
great scope this morning, boop! ron keeps spamming the comments though haha jk
like , boop ignores me.
i will die attacked by a zombie. discover how you will die! sign in:
these guys kept posting this on my account until i revoked their status. it was getting to be a pain in the butt.
bill clinton has literally raped women. where does that fucking rank?
you trump supporters really are deplorable. bill never raped anyone.
accusation isn't a case. bill has molested numerous children as well.
another bold faced lie! you are vile.
i wonder how many people will go to jail for this...
people like this don't end up in jail.... they end up in public office
in the third grade i was obsessed with michael jordan so i carried a cardboard cutout of him around for a month
the photos are so clear hfs
welcome, new followers. if you haven't read my older blog posts, "beyond cd quality and true color" got 5 .
i just changed my url from to and now i want to write some new posts, too.
hi . how are things? i was wondering why is so effective at preventing the use of nbc's olympics foot...
woah, nonononono.
i just changed my url from to and now i want to write some new posts, too.
i thought the "beyond true color and 16-bit audio" was relevant now that iphone has gone all lightning &amp; wide color gamut lcds.
better footage of the looting and arson by protesters for in on i-85.
america looks like a middle east hell hole! wasn't that your plan all along, ?
i thought the "beyond true color and 16-bit audio" was relevant now that iphone has gone all lightning &amp; wide color gamut lcds.
and android has gone beyond 16-bit audio for several releases, although you need a recent version to get latency approaching ios, sadly.
haha i really don't. i love nothing other than the feeling of cold hard cash. and expensive business cards. and murdering hookers
i don't think your joke landed!
and android has gone beyond 16-bit audio for several releases, although you need a recent version to get latency approaching ios, sadly.
low audio latency is the sole reason that ipads &amp; even iphones are so popular for musicians for realtime audio effects and midi instruments.
trump's doing a town hall on black issues hosted by hannity. per , 1.5% of hannity viewers are black.
i hear a chicken squawking! must be trump!
met a drunk ass dude at a party and i took him back to his dorm just bc he's filipino like me (lmao)
what's this??
low audio latency is the sole reason that ipads &amp; even iphones are so popular for musicians for realtime audio effects and midi instruments.
android has extra layers of java to deal with, which slows down the latency, but they've made great efforts to improve it. linux is better.
android has extra layers of java to deal with, which slows down the latency, but they've made great efforts to improve it. linux is better.
but i don't even want to touch the tricky question of what distribution of linux to use for pro audio, if ubuntu's own .debs aren't enough.
trump campaign manager kellyanne conway hints that george h.w. bush endorsed hillary clinton because he's senile. s...
is a mercenary no less vile than trump. she speaks softly &amp; wears the weight of her dead soul effortlessly.
but i don't even want to touch the tricky question of what distribution of linux to use for pro audio, if ubuntu's own .debs aren't enough.
i'm still waiting for lcd screens with actual deep color (30-bit rgb + 2-bit alpha), not just wide color gamut 24-bit like the new idevices.
trump will stop this abuse of the american worker.
there should be no h-1b visas issued until every american who wants to work is employed.
take care of it and you'll have it forever. some of the best gifts my parents have given me is just pans of all kinds.
that's so cute x) i feel that so much! the best material possessions are the ones that are practical and a lil sentimental.
i'm still waiting for lcd screens with actual deep color (30-bit rgb + 2-bit alpha), not just wide color gamut 24-bit like the new idevices.
baby steps, though. does anyone on the apple developer side know if/when they're going to switch core audio on ios to use floats &amp; 24-bit?
nope, private sector.
so you believe you have a job because of obama and not your skills and effort?
i've lost over 43 lbs since dec '15, combination of less/better food &amp; exercise. i have a fitbit, to monitor, it works!
good for you...that's great congratulations
baby steps, though. does anyone on the apple developer side know if/when they're going to switch core audio on ios to use floats &amp; 24-bit?
the apple sdk i read recommended for third-party apps to use 32-bit float audio samples only for and 16-bit integer samples for .
he is the founder of the workers' party, which has governed from 2002 until early this year when dilma got impeached
are the workers doing any better in brazil? or did he strike gold meu amigo?
the apple sdk i read recommended for third-party apps to use 32-bit float audio samples only for and 16-bit integer samples for .
but i just recently upgraded to xcode 8 so i need to still need to read the core audio docs and see if they changed anything for .
but i just recently upgraded to xcode 8 so i need to still need to read the core audio docs and see if they changed anything for .
after all, if you're getting rid of the built-in dac, it doesn't matter that it was only 16 bit in the earlier iphones, or if earpods are.
totally agree. my parents, especially dad, love to cook so i know they give me stuff like that to share that passion. love it
i love food. especially becoming vegan, cooking is more magical than ever. magic.
well that should be easy because 12 sucks
did you play international version? game was way more fun that way
are the workers doing any better in brazil? or did he strike gold meu amigo?
like hillary, dilma, scrates, mugabe &amp; many others, they lie and take advantage of the people to drive dependency
dion dublin is the host of homes under the hammer!? play on playa
tfw the paternity leave kicks in.
after all, if you're getting rid of the built-in dac, it doesn't matter that it was only 16 bit in the earlier iphones, or if earpods are.
my attitude has always been that 24-bit audio sampling &amp; mixing depth is a very good idea for pro audio. 96 khz sample rate, ideally.
funny definition of always. i do 130+ giants games
it's been a rough second half.everybody's being evaluated.
my attitude has always been that 24-bit audio sampling &amp; mixing depth is a very good idea for pro audio. 96 khz sample rate, ideally.
for playback, everyone uses 44.1 khz because that's what audio cds used. i wish the 48 khz dat / dvd sample rate were more popular, sadly.
it really is. food is medicine and cooking is love. you and myself need to go eat vegan food!
that would make me happy face. *happy face *
might you have any suggestions for swag in uk shipped to london? need some stickers and print cards for oscon london
as in created ?
happy titty tuesday lovers. i am lounging around the house relaxing for a bit
very beautiful picture
for playback, everyone uses 44.1 khz because that's what audio cds used. i wish the 48 khz dat / dvd sample rate were more popular, sadly.
i've tried playing back music on my expensive steinberg 192 khz / 24-bit adc/dac box, and it sounds best at the original 44.1 khz.
like hillary, dilma, scrates, mugabe &amp; many others, they lie and take advantage of the people to drive dependency
brazil if continues on its path of socialism will end up like venezuela.
blaming everything on torts is so fun
i didn't follow him during his time in tampa, but damn, how did he win a cup?
i've tried playing back music on my expensive steinberg 192 khz / 24-bit adc/dac box, and it sounds best at the original 44.1 khz.
which is basically what you'd expect. it doesn't sound worse if you use 96 or 192, or even 48 khz, because core audio's good at resampling.
since joining 5 yrs ago, my main probs with twtr haven't changed :wanna show all those people i about that i love em with so lil space
another main problem is that i'm overly-sensitive to what people do - my feelings are are often not recipricated.....
which is basically what you'd expect. it doesn't sound worse if you use 96 or 192, or even 48 khz, because core audio's good at resampling.
but it doesn't sound better, either. arguably, it might sound worse if you had dog or bat hearing and could hear the aliasing above 20 khz.
i don't think of the console as 'the dash'? ^-^;
i didn't know what to call it -_-;
not enough cons i wanna go to in chicago. i will create my own. the murder, she wrote con.
lol it would be awesome if you could get angela lansbury to goto it!!
but it doesn't sound better, either. arguably, it might sound worse if you had dog or bat hearing and could hear the aliasing above 20 khz.
but unlike the sampling rate, core audio on mac os, and similar pro audio stacks elsewhere, uses all 32-bit floats, so 24-bit depth helps.
lol yea i probably got that from him man we were dicks in high school...
who is charlie i didn't go to hs in sf lololllllll but yeah
a big thanks to for caring about all of 's nyc/ny area fans during the time of these attacks.. we are all safe
i'm up at 5am because your overseas fans are making sure all are safe from what happened in nyc lately you &amp; your fans rock
but unlike the sampling rate, core audio on mac os, and similar pro audio stacks elsewhere, uses all 32-bit floats, so 24-bit depth helps.
that sounds strange because you're playing back 16-bit audio, right? but if you use sound check (which you should) or the volume control...
lol i was bad too but somehow got voted "friendliest" in the year book one time. just remembered that wtf. lol.
lol gangster sg13 got voted friendliest jig is up buddy, we all know you're hella nice now hahaha
another main problem is that i'm overly-sensitive to what people do - my feelings are are often not recipricated.....
so i'm reverting back to the style &amp; actions which i think work best : rotate my pro pic &amp; billboard to include as my as possible.
that sounds strange because you're playing back 16-bit audio, right? but if you use sound check (which you should) or the volume control...
...then your phone has to multiply all those 16-bit samples by a floating-point multiplier. if you use the soft parametric eq, even more math.
charlie "the turkey" gurke was my jazz guru. my jazz yoda if you will
"my jazz yoda" pfff both of you so cool and yet, such nerds. no wonder we're friends
...then your phone has to multiply all those 16-bit samples by a floating-point multiplier. if you use the soft parametric eq, even more math.
so doing the intermediate math all with 32-bit floating point math is speedy on today's cpus with simd instructions, and also very precise.
ahmad abu salo', from , we received info confirming his in gov detention center, sep 20.
may he rest in peace. thoughts and prayers for his family and friends.
so doing the intermediate math all with 32-bit floating point math is speedy on today's cpus with simd instructions, and also very precise.
and while i believe you can buy pro audio dacs that can output 32-bit float samples directly, the noise floor is such that 24-bit is good.
seriously. think you'll bring hudson?
probably not. maybe next time though?
and while i believe you can buy pro audio dacs that can output 32-bit float samples directly, the noise floor is such that 24-bit is good.
anything more than that might be voodoo, but my point is that i know for certain that going from 16-bit to 24-bit adds 8 bits for rounding.
back home fl tomorrow
go back in nov bihhh me and mika got our flights already. nov 20-26
why does trump quote mike tyson? " everyone has a plan 'till they get punched in the mouth"
this was taken the day she collapsed, real pic.
so i'm reverting back to the style &amp; actions which i think work best : rotate my pro pic &amp; billboard to include as my as possible.
i am respectful of other people's wishes; if they unfollow, even if they block, i will still care, luv em...but will pull back.....
real talk tho me and sean didn't hug until we were 30 years old hahaha
welllll now you're friends forever and allied warriors of making dance floors pop so deal.
anything more than that might be voodoo, but my point is that i know for certain that going from 16-bit to 24-bit adds 8 bits for rounding.
so when you're listening to that super-compressed edm or k-pop song you love that's +8 db too loud, you get all 16 bits after sound check.
waalaikumsallam, good evening from indonesia,
thanks dear friend.
after ten weeks of eating bay area burritos i'd have to gordos is my favorite so far.
taqueria cancun the best tho
yeah looking at might be the most economical :)
yes definitely for that kinda stuff it works out better.
i hateeee that song.
lmfao that whole thread
retweeted muhammad nadeem khan (): central model school celebrate peace day junior kids...
dear i mail send you for work with your derby uk school but your side not response us dear guide us when you start this
donald trump helped spread birtherism. now he can't stop it.
trump can't stuff his magic genie back in the bottle time 2 pay the consequences &amp; all of us are ready.
i am respectful of other people's wishes; if they unfollow, even if they block, i will still care, luv em...but will pull back.....
not appreciating my efforts, feelings, caring is their choice...just of people who are placed on pedestals by our media.
i ain't fuckin with rudy's lol
whhhatttttt do tell
they be failing lol
nooooo wayyyyyy don't make me sad i haven't been there in too long, what's up with rudy
they be failing lol
no but the emeryville branch is the business tho, i hope that's legit
please rt! seeking a good developer who can pimp a blog site? cardiff based ideally.
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
hmm i'll have to check it out.
you've never had it? oh man, you're missing out then
alright all this making me hungry i'm gonna pass out, later fools
alright alright, saturns it is ;) love you both. i'm gonna do some dishes -&gt; ttyl. thanks for cheering me up :)
yeah, it just took forever. everything seems to be in working order now though
oh rad! did you just downgrade and make an emunand or did you go whole hog and do arm9loaderhax?
did u happen to see the grilling she gave wells fargo prez today?
yes that's my point. after all that to take selfie with literally the biggest recipient of wall st $$$ in congress is odd
the only way to stop a bad guy with jihad on the brain... is a good guy with a gun. here's a real hero...
, be the biggest star in politics again . take your back from the corrupt machine
the post match meal doesn't quite look to be at the cutting edge of sports science
that's how we won it!
go back and look at those primary tallies, more were against than for trump. we, kasich, bush, all have freedom of choice too
wow, such dishonesty! if trump had lost and were now saying what you say, how would you react? shame!
if you're a wordpress plugin developer - i would love to chat!
please give us a call : 212.209.1537 to discuss further about your requirements!
did u happen to see the grilling she gave wells fargo prez today?
cory booker during 2012 election chided obama campaign for saying private equity was bad.
she owned you thom. owned i tell you
i'm grateful to be the catalyst for some office fun with thommy, the sweet boy
you gonna be on? what about blue? i'm tryna get that winning streak
facts brody
four ticcets to the dodgers vs giants game tomorrow for sale hit me
how much for 2?
resident evil/silent hill were always my favorite games growing up. nothing since has been able to recreate that feeling for me. re7
have you played fatal frame? or condemned?
ha never noticed that before!!
magic! check next time you pass
congratulations to police commissioner on your appointment the 6th is ready to work for you
we pray the gun violence end at 5 spring st 10012.
wake up...polls have turned again, gotta stay awake and keep you eye on those polls. 50 days to go
lol!! contradiction! how many more times will they turn for him? he's behind by less than 1.5, in august it was ten!!!!
there are literally people playing ping pong non stop every single day. like its 2 am and i can still hear the ping ponging.
horse shoe is a daytime activity
an update from a friend in hebron. but sure, it's "incitement" that is driving palestinians to hate and attack isra...
it sounds as though it must have been truly beautiful? does he have photos? maybe he could sit back w/them &amp; write his memoir.
hmmm...interesting choice of words...whose attacking whom here?
facts are facts. you want to defy the clear choice of gop voters. trump got way way more votes than any other candidate.
disclosure: last tweet was promoted but i approve of getting the word out about the ecological dangers of our excessive beef consumption.
beef is also by far the worst animal for water use &amp; greenhouse gas emissions. chicken, fish, or pork are all healthier than beef for earth.
never played fatal frame.. but i did play the condemned that came out for 360..not sure if that's the one you mean?
yeah condemned criminal origins. both 1 and 2 are great games. i suggest playing fatal frame 2 asap. it's more similar to
never played fatal frame.. but i did play the condemned that came out for 360..not sure if that's the one you mean?
the older sh games in tone and mechanics but is very unique in itself. ff2 is one of the scariest games i've played ever.
i did the arm9loaderhax thing since it was the most comprehensive guide i could find
awesome! it's kind of a pain to set up but now you're p much set for life wrt the 3ds
you know, some of you monsters really baffle me.
no matter what she does, some of y'all are never satisfied.
the bush family's lament via | getty
legacy of failure. one term hw, dubya ends in laughable disgrace, jeb! blown away like lint. next?
i did the arm9loaderhax thing since it was the most comprehensive guide i could find
oh also is your friend code the same as it used to be?
no matter what she does, some of y'all are never satisfied.
at this point, why are y'all still fans anyways?
my lock screen screen pic is cooler than yours.
i dunno, mines pretty bad ass
what lippie is this?!
thanks mama.. i forget now.. imma check and send to you.
an update from a friend in hebron. but sure, it's "incitement" that is driving palestinians to hate and attack isra...
that way, he can always carry it w/him. it will b in his mind &amp; in his heart. is that something that might help if/when he's ready
where can i purchase server wipes?
clinton foundation
no shame in my uni game. photo from breakfast last saturday in sf.
um, where does one find this breakfast special?
i was gonna make a masturbation joke, but i couldn't cum up with one
you have to be honest with your partner that they are not satisfying your needs and if they're a pussy about it, that's great.
20 s! your tweet has been liked by 20 people.
i think i'd rather see the world blow up! think your right! good one!
challenger bro. everyone has mustangs trust
im sorry but a challenger looks disgusting
who knows how to create a website that requires login and stuffs. please dm me thank you.
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
please tell me i'm not one of the only people who actually like the new animation style for the pokmon sun &amp; moon arc.
kirbopher likes it, i think. i like most things don't care that much,, so i don't see why people hate it so much.
director of , has arrived in new york for . full programme ahead.
i watched the beautiful, courageous &amp; bittersweet film. it was deeply moving. thank you for all you do. heroes!
im sorry but a challenger looks disgusting
theres a reason niggas rock with the mustang
happy birthday to you my hunnie dumpling
thank you so very much lover!
google allo - smart messaging by google, inc. version 1.1 (55.5 mb) for . going to give it a try.
i took a creepy selfie of just my eyeball. this app is very much like the quartz app for ios, but slightly friend...
happy birthday hope you had a great day love ya
love u too amanda
guys i need help!!!!! i need a dark green glitter eyeshadow!!!!
dark green chorro
can be played without needing to play the first one?
yeah. each fatal frame is a stand alone story. they're all great but i think ff2 : crimson butterfly is the strongest.
following daddy's lead: trump jr. compares to deadly skittles
too nice a analogy for terrorists imported illegally and un vetted by president obama..
williamsburg rock scene in late '90s was very rock. drummer is sam from interpol. original main drag in background.
i fondly remember skipping class to buy weed on bedford for super cheap
if she did she would be done vote for honest leadership and true change. vote trump
is our only chance for real change &amp; security for the country.
i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies. let's make america great again!
the media and elitists trying to prop up hillary.
i took a creepy selfie of just my eyeball. this app is very much like the quartz app for ios, but slightly friend...
i don't have any questions now for my news google agent friend who's like a smarter siri. but i may check out this:...
"no one has the right to immigrate to this country." -donald trump during his rally in florida today we disagree.
and should! this is not fun and games and pop bands singing on hillary's behalf this is real....get out!
finished? :d
naw i'm on case 5, but i pretty much felt it already.
models are never inconvenienced
oh yeah? how bout you try eating nothing but celery and boca burgers?
i don't have any questions now for my news google agent friend who's like a smarter siri. but i may check out this:...
i set a poll earlier asking how excited people were about . i was prepared to be disappointed, &amp; i still want to improve, ...
of course all the pain was worth it to live in the future
the best part for me? it spins on "unlocking with apple watch" for 30 seconds and then demands my password
i just pulled names out of a hat to see where i should move and got chicago but jokes on u too cold i'm not going anywhere near
i did the same thing once and got 'lauren' ugh
i set a poll earlier asking how excited people were about . i was prepared to be disappointed, &amp; i still want to improve, ...
...and i still don't think i trust google as much as yelp or other more trusted review sites for restaurant &amp; similar reviews, but this looks...
&amp; i used to talk about this very scenario. what will turkey do? we now know their answer.what will we do?
it's so bad dod backs 1 group &amp; cia another - they even fight each other
that's lowkey the time too put the 10 toes god gave you, in the dirt an face that mfa head on ... onna real
all facts cuddy real shit tho
...and i still don't think i trust google as much as yelp or other more trusted review sites for restaurant &amp; similar reviews, but this looks...
...very nicely optimized for the location-based commercial as-sponsored and user-generated (scraped) content that google's good at indexing.
what if we wrote tools that helped us learn and understand software? (my talk from strangeloop)
good job with this
&amp; i used to talk about this very scenario. what will turkey do? we now know their answer.what will we do?
to many sides to many agendas - this thing is impossible. i have no answers
...and i still don't think i trust google as much as yelp or other more trusted review sites for restaurant &amp; similar reviews, but this looks...
...very nicely optimized for the location-based commercial ad-sponsored and user-generated (scraped) content that google's good at indexing.
the had jordan-hare looking spectacular last night!
even the deity upstairs had goin on ...
...very nicely optimized for the location-based commercial ad-sponsored and user-generated (scraped) content that google's good at indexing.
i will definitely keep you posted if i use to find anything that i wouldn't have used google search for.
come on blizzard for fucks sake get some real ddos protection for the love of god
companies are under constant ddos of varying strengths. don't underestimate how hard it is the recover from it.
. called on nations to "welcome the stranger" to rally support for refugees | ap photo
are these the strangers you want to welcome, president obama?
hillary trump he wii meet with killer man sisi if trump with him you will win to be president usa
time to go back home now sir or learn how to write correct sentences thank you
damn working his evildivide
how about you blame this on the police who kill citizens and the justice system that enables them?
opposing political views were the funniest at my family dinners you have no idea how many times my dad made his wife's mom walk out the crib
by speaking negatively about obama... pretty much every time my step grandma came over
summary: black cop shoots an armed black man, bunch of thugs take opportunity to riot &amp; loot.
the thugs are the cops who kill citizens. riots are the voice of the unheard, according to mlk.
"no one has the right to immigrate to this country." -donald trump during his rally in florida today we disagree.
are these the immigrants you want to welcome, ms. clinton?
hmm, sure you are not thinking of bam?
hope that the fact that he won stake race while testing pos. is being looked at.
jesus christ what
"our servers are down, and so has your house burnt"
heck,no regrets! except maybe the whole getting up between 4:30-5:30am lol
i'm not even working right now and get up at the same time...lol...well you get out earlier right?
sixteen drivers. one sprint cup. there is no second place. the chase comes to new hampshire sept 25th!
try putting real brake lights on the cars...
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
the said at un we must welcome immigrants. guess he means these, for instance.
...and have always enjoyed your work!
here's my autobio comics series - very harvey pekar - dean haspiel influenced.. free to read here
good afternoon
ga virat &amp; all hagd
. yes! needs her kaine!!
press props up hillary to no avail..
it's a shame curtis hanson didn't win best director instead of that jackass james cameron.
i think aliens and the two terminator films are sci-fi classics fwiw, but agree hanson deserved it
omg!! be very afraid. those that support trump have made a deal with the devil. it can't be rationalized.
there's multiple devils in this race. it all sucks.
...and have always enjoyed your work!
my 'greenpoint of view' comics have been featured in
obama describes the muslim immigrants as "women &amp; children" red cross: 72% are men of fighting age. typical oboomer...
send them back to syria with a rifle ..
yes, but you're just going to be harassing some poor sea org slave (and i mean literally being human trafficked und...
so that kind of takes the fun out of calling any of the numbers. or emailing them. their minds are closed. they took the pill.
im mad bc i want 2 go to bed but i cant stop thinking abt all the people that dont like me!!!!!!!!!!!
hey that's me every nite
: new consul general of us reaches pib colony to meet farooq sattar of mqm
america should keep its nose away from internal affairs of pakistan. mqm had been involved into terrorist and anti state acts.
riots in charlotte nc thanks obama for your racism &amp; hate for police in usa. hope your communist agenda is rewarded
you know in communist countries police rule the streets and beat/kill ppl with impunity. that's what we're fighting against
dude that would fuck my world up even more!
that would be legit sad, but i doubt it would ever happen
or if your looting...the stores people are stealing from aren't owned by the police...
thank obama for the last 8 years jackass. he probably saved your job.
: i-85, - it's one thing to protest. it's another thing to act like law breaking thugs.
zackly what . is paying for!! the more destruction, the better!! "why do they 'shit' in their own backyard?" paid to!!
we all care for our overseas friends even though we haven't met personally. and ny/nj are special for us.
thank you so much we all care about you guys very much so and i hope all are safe over there as well
black girls book club are very proud to present our very first event please rt
wishhhhh i could fly in for this!
there are a lot of filipinos living in those states. i have relatives there too.
have you been in touch with them and are they all safe as well?
lmfao!!! no, he actually downsized the military...obama hasn't done shit...
sequestration cuts were bipartisan... educate yourself.
in retrospect it was so ridiculous. "while you're here hugh will you present someone with a voucher for the club restaurant thanks"
he turned up at a freshers' party when he golfed in st andrews. ditto bill murray.
it's...it's raining outside
...and it's over.
" good morning christine happy wednesday
good morning charlie!!
yesterday i saw a spider in the kitchen and i didn't kill it and i was like fuck what if it gets in my room...
that mf is in my room rn and im so stressed bc its too high up to kill im so scared
yay!!! proud 2 say music in this fantastique film congrats ira
i'm proud of our collaboration. as godard says, sound+image=cinema
be sure to tune in tonight agents!
are you going to do a recap of the pts? it's smack right in the middle of my work day. 1:00 in new york
now that twitter lets you post photos + 140 chars text, i wonder when the gab microblogging app for the lets them add free ((())).
sorry, bad joke. i'm just horrified, having known enough jewish folks to know they're pretty much just like us goyim, about antisemitism.
that mf is in my room rn and im so stressed bc its too high up to kill im so scared
now i really can't go to sleep like spiders are sent from satan i believe and i can't have satan in my mf room while i sleep
his whole message. that he was both son of &amp; came to proclaim a new just not the kind the expected...
you say this, yet make fun of and mock a intactivist who shared her feelings?
i know your point and somewhat agree, but surely you agree a good caddie can transform the way a young player sees...
having walked with players and caddies inside the ropes a veteran caddy makes a huge difference in performance.
sorry, bad joke. i'm just horrified, having known enough jewish folks to know they're pretty much just like us goyim, about antisemitism.
i'm not religious myself, but i have a great respect for all of the religious traditions that respect human rights, to the extent i agree.
trump is not a friend to black lives people wake up!
trump likes to make mockery of black people.
usually home before 4pm. i only live 2 miles from work also, makes my 45 min lunches great too!
totally worth it then
i'm not religious myself, but i have a great respect for all of the religious traditions that respect human rights, to the extent i agree.
i agree with judaism and buddhism in a lot of ways. i'm sort of a steve jobs buddhist, you might say. how anyone could be a neo-nazi is wtf.
going to ottawa to present "set them free" . i have high hopes ,but the problem is gargantuan one animal at a time
awesome trip
yeah get back to rubbish manhattan with no sweeties
inorite?! sweetless shithole
sure the relevant nj authorities are doing that. no reason for anyone else.
it impacts his body of work for the year..it's big!
i agree with judaism and buddhism in a lot of ways. i'm sort of a steve jobs buddhist, you might say. how anyone could be a neo-nazi is wtf.
or how people could think there's a cabal of jews running things when donald trump, the bushes, the clintons, the saudis, ... aren't jewish.
oct so busygoing back out 4 hillary,going 2canada 2speak about our animal-rescue charity. then announcement,la &amp; round-table discussion ny
thank you for speaking up, your word means a lot
or how people could think there's a cabal of jews running things when donald trump, the bushes, the clintons, the saudis, ... aren't jewish.
it's a conspiracy of rich people controlling ostensibly democratic (and ostensibly theocratic, like ) governments to do their bidding.
i don't think it was. there really wasn't a need to any of it
a lot of things we'rent necessary, so how about just just block me too then if u don't like what you see
many years ago i realized those people i care bout, love, did not have to feel the same way bout me for me to continue caring, loving them
but to me this also proves i am a better person than they are....for them not to show any appreciation......
it's a conspiracy of rich people controlling ostensibly democratic (and ostensibly theocratic, like ) governments to do their bidding.
there's no religious aspect to it. all of the supposed quotes from the talmud that say stuff like "cheat all the goyim" are hoaxes, fwiw.
there's no religious aspect to it. all of the supposed quotes from the talmud that say stuff like "cheat all the goyim" are hoaxes, fwiw.
while i'm laying out my sympathies, i'm pro-israel as well, except to extent that they're building illegal territories in the west bank.
san francisco subpoenas developers over sinking millennium tower
8/2/16 i tweeted: i hope it's razed to restore our view of the bridge, light on, and winds off our street.
i heard that about bill murray but i'd have never put hg down as a sesh ledge
picture in the local paper with his arms around a few women. and the murray thing is him being an outright alcho tbh.
while i'm laying out my sympathies, i'm pro-israel as well, except to extent that they're building illegal territories in the west bank.
i don't support companies divesting from israel, even though i think the palestinian rights activists mean well. it's not quite practical.
i don't support companies divesting from israel, even though i think the palestinian rights activists mean well. it's not quite practical.
for artists, maybe, but israel is really really valuable as a high-tech superpower. they know chip design, security.
remember when it was called marvelous marin (1930's and 40's).
yes, but i never knew why. still don't even though i've been there at least thrice this year.
yup! like the app street view, just put that in google maps! but oh well...
i get the modular approach, same example but you want maps but not the bloat of streetview
stairs parked at the candidate's plane though. maybe we can hitch a ride!
anyone have any more oranges?
every chocolate bar in america has the exact same components distinguishable only by the order they're written in on the wrapper
"i prefer when they say peanuts before caramel so i'm going for this one. and this other one. i'm american."
trump used $258k from his charity to settle legal problems
bankruptcies, islamophobia, infidelities, jingoism, racism, misogyny, slander, lies. non-tax payer? president?
you didnt have to drag me like that :(((((((
don't try it
thanks to trumps progeny i can no longer express my dislike for skittles without sounding like an arsehole.
these are trump skittles.
if i don't replay mass effect soon, the witcher 3 is gonna take its spot as the best game i've ever played
because i know you all care so much
for artists, maybe, but israel is really really valuable as a high-tech superpower. they know chip design, security.
most israelis have have been in the military, and many of the computer geeks went into the mossad's nsa equivalent.
wtaf? this happened after updating tweetbot, so i followed the instructions and now my avatar looks like this
i hear you need to reset your account cache [in tweetbot settings] &amp; relaunch if you're exhibiting the broken images.
do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning.
so petty. you are a joke.
i really need to get direct deposit bc i legit lost my last paycheck
i'm literally in tears right now
when calls out wf its has a lot more weight than when who endorsed does!
president bush bailed out wall st and banks instead of consumers..taxpayers were screwed over.
most israelis have have been in the military, and many of the computer geeks went into the mossad's nsa equivalent.
i should try to get some sleep later. it's afternoon in the middle east. i feel bad about sharing the "us 'em down" hollywood jewish joke.
headlines this morning - more updates through the morning, plus full show at 7aet/12pbst
nicely done hannah
feeling so much better after visiting my doctor again, doing boob exercises and setting them free out of that bra!! woo hoo!!
they were amazing to begin with.
rnc chief priebus warns gop who won't endorse trump. "those people need to get on board."
on the next threat, priebus needs a waterboard.
i should try to get some sleep later. it's afternoon in the middle east. i feel bad about sharing the "us 'em down" hollywood jewish joke.
true story though. that was probably the least offensive of whatever other self-deprecating jewish stereotype jokes they had to shock folks.
@ the bush family loyalty is to the clintons not the people who where loyal to them we will never forget
they are using his senility. he may have never said that..
when your eyes are almost as crooked as your foundation
face the facts hillary your facial expressions reveal the truth but ur policies have failed. truth &amp; justice not corruption
true story though. that was probably the least offensive of whatever other self-deprecating jewish stereotype jokes they had to shock folks.
that's fine with friends, but some of these trump people who don't know any jews overhear stuff like that &amp; think omg illuminati nwo jews!
president obama warns americans against walls and nationalism at the un via
this guy sounds more like a leader of another nation
what is it with you leftards? under the law a person doesn't have to have a weapon on them before you can shoot them
. continues to ramp up 'allegedly racial' incidents!! still "grasping-at-straws!!"
large and in charge, my new twins. you'll see them bare soon i promise, when the scar heals
they look great
that's fine with friends, but some of these trump people who don't know any jews overhear stuff like that &amp; think omg illuminati nwo jews!
like you know they might not get the irony. i'm pretty sure my friend who met these two agents was embarrassed by the way they were joking.
they realize that we djs don't play the song all the way anyway.
it's a rat race in the rap game and the quality is so subpar.
we have octa core phones nowadays haha
but "unlimited" data isn't real. you open a map and the streetview preloads in background
it is time that my demographic, white middle-age males, stands up and shows moral leadership instead of reactionary insecurity.
i know, acting like set upon victims. we're better than this, better than richie rich and brood of charlatans.
just landed in new york. work is going to require at least one gallon of coffee.
praying for you. i'm currently on no hours of sleep, work in 4 hours.
when ur failing a class and ur teacher just watches u suffer
positive energy only. no one can invent that students are lynching eachother. it's quite a silly amateurs concept.
youre great, yeah thanks, dyke
you have such a way with words
like you know they might not get the irony. i'm pretty sure my friend who met these two agents was embarrassed by the way they were joking.
or to what extent they were joking. anyway, if you don't know hollywood, &amp; you watch bojack horseman, the humanoid animals are not real...
i just told my roommate that he's the best freestyle rapper that i know, but the worst dancer that i know and he's not happy about it
it's so weird cause he has so much flow to any beat, he just can't dance to nothing
people make mistakes. why end his career as a form of punishment. learn to ignore and forgive. may you have good karma.
thats not a "mistake" that is an attack!! you are part of this nations problem if you want to let people like this go unpunished
or to what extent they were joking. anyway, if you don't know hollywood, &amp; you watch bojack horseman, the humanoid animals are not real...
...but a lot of the other stereotypes and the neuroses of the major characters are not exaggerated. or only a little bit for comedic effect.
forgot i left a razor in my makeup bag. reached in for my night time skincare and my finger got cut up - blood everywhere. oops
i feel bad for ya, but i'm still lowkey laughing.
i disagree with that assessment. one race and the split sample is not analysed yet.
it has to be considered. major embarrassment to the int.trot if pos.
can't stream weekly idol so i shall radio.
radio where?
with the music trends, rock, reggae infusion &amp; rap/hip hop have come back to mainstream...so can we get some marc anthony / santana stuff ?
that maria maria vibe would be dope.
these are crooked's friends. birds of a feather.
president bush should have bailed out consumers and the economy would have roared back.wall st &amp; banks let crash
.: "my whole life has been about creating jobs. thousands and thousands of jobs."
8/6/16 i asked: how many people working in atlantic city today are at jobs trump created?
watched some fifa videos since i'll be playing fut for the first time ever this year. you need a freaking engineering degree to it out lol
yea that shits complicated af lol
...but a lot of the other stereotypes and the neuroses of the major characters are not exaggerated. or only a little bit for comedic effect.
you really get the full hollywoo experience with bojack.
"my sunshine does not come from the skies, it comes from the love in my dog's eyes." ~anonymous
yes, yes, yes! how true it is!
exposed !!! lied to american people again! ransom after all? source: ...
"again...? .....again...?!? shud be ...still lies to...."
what specifically was inaccurate or omitted? asked the campaign about the reporting earlier and have yet t...
the first paragraph is a little libel-y isnt it? plenty of proof clintons havnt "enriched" themselves
flat tires aren't as prevalent as they once were, but they do happen. learn more.
my dad was a grease monkey and i can win a contest changing tire. clem and bee safe!
trump still paying fomer campaign manager lewandowski as consultant:
lewandowski is just a snapshot of the type of person trump would bring to whitehouse, porn wife, crazy advisers, tax evanders &amp; con men
wasn't he shot by a black officer? it's a tragedy forsure, but i don't think it was racism...
the race of the officer is moot. the structural racism, the implicit bias in law enforcement perpetuates these shootings.
the 62 is toast.
hit the serato forums. maybe one of the og rane reps may be able to point you in the right direction.
absolutely fuck yes
what if the lives you save end up posting on 4chan though?
"macos," of course, rhymes with "tacos"
macos for dinner and coreos &amp; milk for dessert!
i bet this guy gets comments from so many nerds.
lol, i know enough chinese names to get the reference long before the guy showed up.
approximately 12 officers injured. one officer hit in face with a rock
ain't nobody dead so boo fuckin hoo
you know what would clear this up? if released his tax returns, which would show how much he gives...
if you believe kellyanne conway, i have a bridge i'd like to sell you.
i always wonder if i disappeared tonight, where would people think i went?
idk but i'd have to come hunt you down
idk if i still have your correct cell # but wanted to text you yesterday. came to nyc for the 1st time since we came in 02!
almost 15 yrs ago! thought of you!
all of them are a mess
lmao so true, but she annoys me the most, &amp; the russian chick.
hi catherine. i'm a bbc producer. don't suppose you have an email or similar for lois schwoerer do you? please dm if better!
hi, afraid i don't but you could try or
and of course "coreos" rhymes with "oreos"
just so :d and indeed they're very sweet, building all those nice low level technologies for me to nom on
a little announcement... how the hell i've kept this a secret i have no idea. via
aww congrats ruth!!
lol, i know enough chinese names to get the reference long before the guy showed up.
i'm pretty sure i figured out the deal before the last "adam levine's halloween party" reference of that episode.
my tuxie watching with me. had to cheat on the photo a little to put him closer to the tv, but he was tot...
my dog was glued to the tv too. all my pictures came out really dark though lol. love this show!!
absolutely hilarious and chilling at the same time. a sick candidate, detested for her corruption and mendacity, is...
propped up by media and elitists
hilarious! shocking proof that hillary clinton rally in greensboro nc is a fake.
clear evidence of .'s expected coronation!! why shud she have to campaign.. the ofc is hers!
most of the ladies that are going "yeah! bra free!" do not have a decent sized chest so i respect it, but ya girl needs a bra.
just get a really sexy personal assistant to walk around and hold them for you. they can feed you grapes during downtime, too.
thank you very much for being our great guest -- wonderful conversation!
my pleasure! onward nation is a great show!
i'm available for contract senior frontend developer positions in the central vancouver area. get in touch!
how is it going? i did not realise you moved over there :-) i spent a few days in vancouver mid-july!
these two have looted like thugs
they have deliberately promoted evil...
hey how's it going?
is going, don't know where, but is going.
today on newsone now: tulsa police claim pcp was found in terence crutcher's vehicle. the doj investigating &amp;...
they're trying to show the narrative to include drug possession. inspired by the 911 call? this is disgusting.
if an uncut penis hurts her, sad. but modern tech &amp; counseling might have helped. as it is, her hubby's been w/o fo...
no, she was saying a mutilated penis hurt her, not an uncut natural penis. are you even a woman?
this guy needs to fuck off . what a cunt
someone's doing the exploding...
i'm at the airport flying home now
oh shit ur coming home td lmao i thought it was next week
so... a new shiny version of spotify is now available on the ios app store you say? yes indeed.
thank you! spotify provides the soundtrack to my life.
good morning, east coast. good afternoon, europe. good evening australia. i'll wake up los angeles in 5 or 6 hours.
here's how i set up my world clock.
not that often these days. but when they happen i turn to linksprinter and
agreed. i also have a beloved fluke networks cableiq and nettool- both awesome
spent 45 minutes climbing the peak with my friend good times
light 353 can't beat this fucking nigjtfall.
other than cables that are too long. i find that cables either work, or not. have several continuity tools and verification tool
i see occasional jacks gone bad over time, maddening
what developers would you guys like to see on the show?
please bring my boy ,been wanting him on the show for a while now
watch the money in trump campaign. a lot will be falling off the truck. it's a seal team six of sleaze.
campaign pays big money to vendor and they charge less for other services to his companies. opm
spent 45 minutes climbing the peak with my friend good times
i just want to beat the fucking nightfall.
my birthday is on thanksgiving this year
mine on a monday
there wasn't a single reference of flights from san jose to london when i clicked your link
i did not see sjc flights either.
... or save yourself a traffic ticket. stop for pedestrians. is enforcing . ...
rape death threats niece grace rolek is a target of the 5spring st slaughterhouse gang. she is never suicidal
as a prominent black man do u ever fear that u could lose your life at the hand of cops, seeing that they shoot 1st then ask ?s
never felt that way, ever. then again, i am the son, brother, cousin and uncle of cops.
here's how i set up my world clock.
just added one more tz for pyongyang, north korea, since they decided to be 30 minutes earlier than seoul &amp; the hat...
i can't stand you
the feeling is sooo mutual
says 'places like afghanistan are safer than some of our inner cities' via
this is the ilk of a trump's follower's . one guy wants to "get to the bottom of why obama was not in his office on 9/11".
it's a tired, pathetic dodge of responsibility: "the other side is worse so don't criticize my side."
not when one side is literally leading a fascist movement (do i need to say which side?of course not)
just added one more tz for pyongyang, north korea, since they decided to be 30 minutes earlier than seoul &amp; the hat...
there's not much going on between moscow &amp; mumbai that i care about, and all of china uses the same time zone, amazingly. no dst in e. asia.
love this set... thanks ugly ass libram for making this amazing belt look like shit... :/
you have a human pally???
icymi: here's what i posted yesterday...
have on your show!
preordering this now. if says its outstanding. then it's outstanding. valentine's day is so far away though
sooner than you think!! maybe i'll have to schedule something abroad...
there's not much going on between moscow &amp; mumbai that i care about, and all of china uses the same time zone, amazingly. no dst in e. asia.
dst = daylight savings time (in the us) rules for advancing the clock one hour in the summer months. it's kind of a weird/questionable idea.
1m achieved! push to 2 million tweets!
pure and genuine kiss
i wish every tour we did was with
american tour plz i beg
cnn is now normalizing fascism, openly questioning the rule of law and the civil rights protections enshrined in th...
cnn is now just an extention of fox tv station. fox is not a news channel. station full of hacks.
nope today, sal would have a heart attack if i was gone another week
lmao u right &amp; guess im going to the airport as well
&amp; the terrorist shot &amp; hit the police.
thank you.. an entire shoot out.. even injuring two officers.. those cops need to be fired &amp; charged immediately.
apparently you have never been there.
wouldn't set foot there for a million bucks, all the tea in china, or a leprechaun's pot of gold!
a no of sikh groups met me. they want rcr to be named after sh guru gobind singh ji.
sikh groups will meet ji for this. why they are meeting you????
aristotle would probably rt the meninist account
lol. so true. n vote trump.
precious mystery &amp; romance
when i smear patchouli oils around house i think of u...tht a lil' sandalwood &amp; citrus mix. i know how u've always been 4 it
obama today: "in order to realize the promise of the un, the us must give up freedoms" why hasn't the military arr...
"why hasn't the military arrested him?" cuz we have the we paid for!! =shitbag obama enablers
he was disobeying commands, he walked back to the car on his own
then disable him, he had no weapon, so what are cops so afraid of? also get him to the ground, then check his car.
don't mind if i do again..
did the tomato offend you or something
trump does this much before he rolls out of bed at 4 a.m. hillary's the pol equivalent of bo's shovel-ready jobs. h...
the same way she has surrogates doing her campaigning shed have them doing her job if pres.
who made the coffee this morning?
guess it's u.. black &amp; hot please
4 ft away from him &amp; shoot to kill, a terrorist gets a shoulder &amp; leg shot from a distance!
just doesn't any sense to kill him. none! zero!
i'm a yankee fan. and he's right. better vibe, less mauling you for a buck feel &amp; they have a cooler outfield area
tim, you let me down. first eric and now you.
thanks for the rt, donna! hope you're doing well.
sounding great! hope to see you soon!
top of the morning
well well welll lool who blessed us wit his presence
pretty much the discourse that i'm critiquing in my thesis.
would be interested to read it. what's the title?
when i first saw this i thought it was a joke - sadly not!! i love my "boys" car (bmw420d msport)
that's awesome! i have a bmw 335i coupe 300hp 3l inline 6 twin turbo. 6speed manual. vroom vroom!!
elizabeth warren called wells fargo ceo 'gutless.' then it got worse. via
elizabeth warren is a national treasure. this lady would clean up wall street if allowed.
donald trump jr. has become a hero to neo-nazi websites
all the trumps are draft dodgers.
word of the day - afflatus: inspiration; an impelling mental force acting from within. at
sounds to me like brain fart !!
improvement in the 'do point' today thanks to decreasing humidity. should be easier to get the hair to behave today.
good morning! hope you have a goodday!
happy birthday cuzzo, i do hope you have yourself a marvelous day...
thanks much cuzzo! i do hope so myself
but still a lot to do... why no gzip? easiest performance win.
yup totally, it's on our radar ;)
how to purge sanders' supporters from voting rolls
hilarious, but true. sadly.
morning ants!!
good morning !!
we're coming to a town near u!! n. american dates over here
please please please play save the population when you get to ny!!! happiness and wonderful things ensue !!
today on newsone now: tulsa police claim pcp was found in terence crutcher's vehicle. the doj investigating &amp;...
if you could run video of 's comments on this from yesterday's ...
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
kiss off u don't care about anyone but yourself
what's the intro/outro song and where can i get the full one?
i think it's a homebrew from play.it.
apparently you have never been there.
i wouldn't set foot there for a million bucks, all the tea in china, or a leprechaun's pot-o-gold!
i gotta give it up for the typewriter.
that typewriter is missing more than just 1 and !. it also doesn't have &lt;&gt;, [], {}. but it does have 1/2 and 1/4, @, &amp; . and &amp;.
you know is on tonight right?! tune in, all about the !
i love it...when your on your knees ur really smashing guys faces. who did the work, friend? can't make it out
hey, we should hook-up, i'll be @ the today.
same here. would be there at 11ish
'we're like the !' charlotte citizens riot after police shooting [video]
need better 'teasers...' ". thugs destroy shit after police shooting" closer to truth!!
first time you will vote in ten years? disgusting.
hahaha! what member of a crime syndicate should i have voted for judgy smurf? romney-whose net worth doubled in a bad year... 1/2
up early? dig the new w/ operation avalanche's matt johnson.
also this episode: breakdown of star trek: discovery's sched change + ethan phillips' dirty joke!
well done to - up for 3 awards in the wa media awards. two with his great mediscare get...
onya very special for canberra bureau to have two noms in that category, even if you are a magpies/kbush fan
i gotta give it up for the typewriter.
you had to do "l" for 1, and ' backspace . for !, as far as i can tell. portable manual typewriters scrimped on the type bars.
7am et on : tulsa cops claim pcp was found in 's car. the doj is investigating the shooting incident.
i don't believe this. this is on the heels of the release of the 911 call where the caller insinuated that he was high.
i don't get it. people throw their money at new phones but will complain about paying $3 for a game/app/tweak.
well that's because they have no choice! if people can get real iphones for free,don't you think they'll do it? wouldn't you?
with one answer trump reveals that he's terrified of debate moderator anderson cooper via
it's pretty obvious that anderson cooper is going to be a good moderator, trump is "bad mouthing him"
i am always so horny in the morning, this can't be life.
tell me about it smh i have move my morning wood around lol
you know is on tonight right?! tune in, all about the !
franklin and lincoln?
livin' the pop tart life. lol.
yr such a g :)
you gonna be streaming that larsson match?
tapped out early but slattttt
where do i sign !! have always wanted a new camaro to park along side my 85 irocz
was watching last from motor trend the new 1le running the laguna seca. 1 sec behind the gt350r!
first time you will vote in ten years? disgusting.
...or obama whose job experience was as 1yr in senate and prior to...?candy striper/"community organizer"?both are clearly corrupt
was such a good connect! thank you! university of melbourne lecture and panel:
where is best place to buy "the good immigrant"?
it's so confusing that there are 2 different brandon marshall's in the nfl
and one doesn't stand for the national anthem.
again, disagree.
i commend your loyalty but the int.trot doesn't need negative press either.
many happy returns of the day sir. looking forward to working together more n more .god speed !
thank you so much for your leadership and support to
y'all, it's time to be honest. i have reconsidered my opposition to trump.
whacked out stuff here. didn't realize u were religious nutcase.
most people don't take education and a career half as serious as they do relationships and it's sad.
smh shit crazy
i remember the speech where mlk said "torch your communities, burn your neighborhoods"
it wasn't their neighborhood, it was police cars and a highway, but, hey, details. unless you count the walmart
question is who is the rick james, the habitual line stepper?
a man named charlie murphy has a story to tell you
first time you will vote in ten years? disgusting.
no. i'm sick of voting for weak,carnal people who will contribute to expanding the money laundering...
used to feel like that too but i be appreciating the alone time these days
nah bro i be dead bored
i am totally the opposite i don't like anything pumpkin!
good morning pumpkins !! what time is it in texas ?
you had to do "l" for 1, and ' backspace . for !, as far as i can tell. portable manual typewriters scrimped on the type bars.
if you have the to buy a used one in good shape &amp; don't mind the weight, an ibm selectric typewriter is very nice.
sorry about not jumping into ow last night. finished stranger things and i had to be at work at 5. &amp; -
. but i'll be available tonight for some if you guys are. need my fix.
backbencher laughing at a newly admitted student who is pretending to be studious on the first day of school.(1997)
ohhhhh...alright.....got it
counts my steps at lunchtime and helps my golf game too
that's great
first time you will vote in ten years? disgusting.
you will see that the voting machines in key states are rigged.wake up.hillary has no chance of winning but she will anyway
molly cyrus in the taco bell drive thru
to this day
i have an affliction where no matter how early i wake up to get to jfk, i get screwed over by transit and miss my flight.
you should probably book later flights
was it the racist black man that killed him?
no, the racist policing system that employed the black officer. must be nice that your skin color doesn't make you a target
if you have the to buy a used one in good shape &amp; don't mind the weight, an ibm selectric typewriter is very nice.
and with replaceable type balls, you can even print different fonts and pitches. later non-ibm electronic typewriters were often daisywheel.
. mike- i enjoy your show thoroughly; if you were a tree, what type of tree would you be?
you must be stopped
that'd make this guy's day!
thank you we hope he can get even just a wave.
playtime a nice day all
same to you, enjoy your wednesday!!
i don't have a problem with him until he starts going on about his religion.
he's already made "islamaphobia"a jail-able offense-but that's twitter rumor.
dont is this even verified wth lmao
no he's really dead bro
man i know it, you know i'm still watchin, prayin, and supportin you god ain't done with you, and ima keep saying...
bless up
but does it actually have a lion with dragon wings?
no. just a goat man and some kind of ape creatures.
and with replaceable type balls, you can even print different fonts and pitches. later non-ibm electronic typewriters were often daisywheel.
daisy wheels are probably about as fast as selectric type ball mechanisms-or slow, depending on how you look at it. they came in cartridges.
i think it'll be vorm, tripp, toby, ccv, davies, wanyama, winks, sissoko. lamela, son, janssen
kw should hand in a transfer request really bizarre cutting your nose off to spite your face stuff from mp
we are so excited to welcome on october 4 thanks to and
oh my gosh! amazing!
daisy wheels are probably about as fast as selectric type ball mechanisms-or slow, depending on how you look at it. they came in cartridges.
the wikipedia entry says that later daisywheels were 2-3x as fast as ibm selectrics, so there. dot matrix is faster.
a man named charlie murphy has a story to tell you
. these extended interviews with him always kill me
let's hope the people of new jersey send this fool packing...time to vote his ass out in 2017.
chris christie's political career is over. he &amp; giuliani are clinging to trump in hopes of a job.
not going to block you because i don't want to end up in your bio
so then fuck outa my feed
2. she has some lovely moments in it, not playing marilyn but being cherie.
bus stop is like comfort food for me. good performances, some great lines, &amp; so romantic. love that ending.
im tight as fuck
in the butt or?
this is why liberals demanded an end to the analogies section of the sat. they don't understand analogies.
i do. ann coulter is like that ugly pig you see at the farm.
im saying..at a loss for words fam..
this type of shit going to cause a civil war. if black people were a little less fucked, it surely would.
go see this wednesday night!
i love ur advice on the mmp to guys when they break up with there gf/wives is get the nfl package...classic bill love it.
catherine murphy, green party: "we have to have the courage to deal with this issue in this country" press conference
catherine martin!
i just wann know what being non vilent gone solve???? have u not seen what we have been thru,aint no justice so why peace?
wants them to keep bashing our heads in
didnt even realize that was a feature. must get
search the app store, you have to subscribe but so worth it
every day there's a new hashtag for a different person dying because of the same issue that lingers in our country, racism
this is just sad and infuriating at the same time because people want to continue to brush this off and find something else to blame
. says i'm a expert now. listen to at the river by groove armada on .
apple still supports genius lists in so i'm listening to one i made from daydream in blue by i monster.
wow and early in the day too !
i like to get my craziness out of the way so i can relax the rest of the day
what developers would you guys like to see on the show?
i'd love to see on the show.
i need to see this
there's 30 minutes of it total, charlie can kick it
yesssss send feedback plz!
only feedback: would be cool to delete ones i don't want to see (understand why that's hard tho)
feds have charged ahmad khan rahami w/ planting bombs in new york city and new jersey.
nooo really!! i'm shocked! i thought they would just give him a ticket for littering
what a fucking asshole. for once, hillary clinton was right.
this is one guy...she can't speak for 50 million ppl...that's absurd..she screwed herself by insulting half of the country
guys i think i don't want them winning anything ever
who are the biggest fuckboys in the nfl?
yesssss send feedback plz!
and it's not make or break at all
why silence now?
witing for this to break..october surprise...perhaps
amazing news! we are now part of the famous birthdays website. it gets over 12 million unique visitors a month!
hey guys! . .
last year: 75th anniversary: this year, it's the 76th anniversary of a destructive storm:
wouldn't this be the 78th anniversary?
. ... the first choice of the kluckers, truckers &amp; duckers ... plus putin &amp; isis ... "make hate gre...
i went after don jr and his swarm of white "power" inbreds have been on me. fascinating group.
hmmmmm, let me think about that.
the same place where my white hood is probably...lol
summer rain, whispers me to sleep then wakes me up again, sometimes i swear i hear it call my name you wash away the pain my summer rain
listen to summer rain by carl thomas on .
this is the scariest thing i've ever seen in my life
the fact that she isnt even 1/2 way up on her box is killing me
donald trump did it and look where we are.
did what? she's a hypocrite and is a proven racist...that's been proven over and over....
"i identify as a woman in a way that's significant to me"
this isn't a joke. holy shit.
the greatest 404 page of all time
my favourite is the ft:
big fan we meet at a premier many years ago
it's about the art it's afu business but your good people b
fox says sean hannity won't appear in any more trump campaign videos:
what's the big deal we already know that george zimmerman's buddy is an outspoken racist gun nut.
needs frequent reminding he is not king of the united states of america. pathetic tantrum throwing brat. loo...
...but he's [.] our fool!! time to [politically] 'squash-him-like-a-bug'!!
donald trump did it and look where we are.
donald trump has nothing to do with a police shooting...
okay so what's it when your nose is a faucet and you've got a fever and your hips and shoulders ache?
you call in sick. oh wait
. always great to see one of the hardest working cm's in the boro...
thank you!
im sorry but i will not update to that dastardly music ui
it actually is so much easier to use now
words* are a pretext. it is the inner bond that draws one person to another, not words. -rumi *tweets
"bread does not nourish me, dawn disrupts me, all day i hunt for the liquid measure of your tweets" (neruda)
best bet would be get in contact w jordan's great great team in dc. i'm sure will be able to help out.
thank you, andrew &amp; of course we can help. hello, please email me the info at:
you're most welcome. now google arthur daley.
"stick it on the slate, 'arris."
what would be the email address to get in touch for marketing collaboration? thanks x
hi! please send an email to elodie.flochlay.com - thanks!
imam muhammad siddeeq: "there's more extremists &amp; terrorists among the jews than among the muslims, according to th...
but most of the terrifying attacks have been perpetrated by christians, not jews, muslims, hindus, other godfreaks or atheists.
just tell us when and where
saturday at manchester's airport be there
6yr disney-versary is today and i can still sing the boo to you halloween song.
i was just thinking about you last night! are you going to be at the southern tier festival this weekend?!
"human-caused climate change is not a belief, a hoax, or a conspiracy. it is a physical reality"
thanks your editor for accurately describing as misogynistic racist xenophobic liar.
watching stranger things on netflix on fervent recommendation of . anyone have thoughts?
originally pitched with the title "montauk" it's based on real events on long island. (don't google till you're done!)
just in: fbi director gets subpoena over
these morons have nothing better to do with our tax payer $$?
went to the store for milk, came home with this
good morning pretty michelle
(screaming from an outhouse, shitting uncontrollably) sounds good jesse (continues to shit)
some lady walked past me as i had this stupid look on my face from laughing at this. thanks
i gotta stick up for abby not that you know anything about that
by what, defending her through my subtweets? because you are the queen of subtweeting people
what would be the email address to get in touch for marketing collaboration? thanks x
hi! please send an email to press.com - thanks!
awww. angelina and brad are pfffttt. it's none of my business, as it is none of yours, but i liked them as a couple and am sorry it's over.
no divorce is ever easy.when you live in the spotlight what else can you expect? especially when children are involved.it's sad
yeah as much as i would love for you to come sal won't let anyone else come. even dalia was turned down
we'll see about that
apple music has a pretty 3d map mode. here's what it looks like when you zoom out and it has to load satellite map...
here you can see antarctica, i mean the shield wall that surrounds the and keeps all the oceans from spi...
good news! the new update is available now, and everything is online,and lot of issues should be resolved,for any questions please email us.
need to subscribe to you guys but you didn't open it for public yet, eta ?
the obama administration considers arming syrian kurds against isis
about time!
usaid funded this ridiculous tablet with 'ten commandments of an mp' to dispense as a gift in ukraine's parliament
is there a punchline in there somewhere?
here you can see antarctica, i mean the shield wall that surrounds the and keeps all the oceans from spi...
i don't know if you ever moved the cursor around by the north or south pole in google earth but it spins all around...
why is no one concerned about the fleet of children they have acquired?
don't worry they are filthy rich .
fun projects from my new book "crafting with feminism!" cc ...
nice, bonnie!
the obama administration considers arming syrian kurds against isis
so they are the next faction to fight usa
see there is the show, the american opening a can, the russian tv man making blinis, and the spetnaz dude chopping...
sign me up. i need a make up woman and at least five g's an episode. ;)
play controls should be here. there's no benefit to having them in a separate tab.
agreed. who changes night shift more often than music?
no damn excuse jackwagon. no excuse! what happened overnight is indefensible! you hurt your own cause when that shi...
but shawn... their 'cause' is the paycheck provided by .! rioters don't give 'two-shits' about what's goin' on!!
you don't want it
the day has finally came where u decide to challenge me t lol , whenever you wanna lose
khawaja izhar breaks into tears in sindh assembly
killed 1000s innocent in kri and trying to be innocent. this mqm made karachi a living hell.
i don't know if you ever moved the cursor around by the north or south pole in google earth but it spins all around...
good morning, south america. i don't really believe in the theory. i think it's ludicrous. so i like mes...
have a lot of other materials but not sure what the archive collects. can't get approval to submit after closing.
i'll get this going now.
+1 whenever i need political insight, i turn to a rock star who's made millions singing to haves about havenots
you got that right!
does this mean you prefer not to be tagged?
i don't like it when people tag me in tweets directly to writers/actors when i didn't initiate it. i don't tag writers/actors
does this mean you prefer not to be tagged?
unless i want to say something to them.
there should be some sort of law against working out in the morning.
there is. it's called the law of gravity. it keeps me in my bed.
i disagree. that's my operating room block time. i do my best work at night.
i enjoy operating on traumas overnight! saving lives 24/7! i'm a night owl.
same with trump. so we're screwed either way.
well hopefully if she gets elected she doesn't pass another 3 strikes your out law,or tell blm supporters to get a job..smh
good morning, south america. i don't really believe in the theory. i think it's ludicrous. so i like mes...
one thing you might not realize your phone is even doing is converting magnetic north to true north. it's a compass...
surfing netflix and find this show that looked interesting. start watching it and whoa look who i see ...
which show was it?
so i'm just not gonna say anything other than that alex deserved better as a fan &amp; as a person. d, ricky, his team &amp; fans did him so dirty.
what do you mean
on my way to the zoo with my 3yo. got any advice, besides not letting her fall into the gorilla pit?
--- a nice bordeaux for waiting for you when you get back. ;)
i hope you're all downloading the whole internet, because it is getting scrubbed hard. all the best is being binned, just gone. poof.
yes. it's f**kd up. i'm getting followed by corporate things all the time. twitter bullshit i've never seen before.
same with trump. so we're screwed either way.
or laugh and tell them they're a joke because they don't care when blacks kill blacks...i can go on...
i'm giving away free $$$ if raiders score a defensive td this season.
you should be so bold as to say a free car
i really don't mean to retweet all of 's tweets, but they are so on point tonight.
thank you!!
long story short , take a cab to work kisha
i figured someone might need the heads up...
yes hop on a plane and go to the phoenix zoo &gt; .. other than that monkeys
--- some people have a fear of clowns, i have a fear of monkeys.
illegally elected kenyan bashes u.s. at u.n. while claiming the world is safer b cause of his alinsky driven policies!
... is campaigning for "u.n. shitbag-general" after u.s. destruction!!
solid space sciencing right there, innit
who are you going to belive: some guys who've walked around up there, or a woman who's visited with her mind?
as india-pakistan tensions mount after kashmir attack, what's next?
what's next is same old same old
jew and gypsie have same ancertory
what is "ancertory"? i can't find it in the dictionary.
is it me or is the world cup of hockey pretty invisible?
yep. barely knew it was on.
jesse jackson endorses donald trump! via businessmen sued by low lifes all the time.
yesh, you didn't actually respond to the fact you are factually wrong. trump has been called a racist for decades.
i won't be there, but i did just tap pumking and that's kind of like its own fall festival!
mmmmmm that's all i'll be drinking saturday!!
good evening, east asia. i don't know how recent apple's high-altitude satellite night view photos are, but they're...
i cropped that one where i did because the sun is up to the west of that region, so you get the daytime satellite view.
ok, fire, quaking, zephyr one landing.... &amp; vfx team just loves making look badass!!!! thank you!
season premier of was just awesome &amp; of course you're kick ass hotness
helped her out a little but she's the one doing amazing work for simon community. she's a star!
they're lovely!! i just put onto last week.
backers call it a first step in assisting the tens of thousands of households struggling to pay rent in denver.
...you have folks struggling to pay rent...you hav something terrribly wrong w/this picture
could india and pakistan go to war?
possible but i doubt it, more proxy battles will be fought esp balochistan afghanistan
jesse jackson endorses donald trump! via businessmen sued by low lifes all the time.
and the video is from 1998, so what does that have to do with this election? try to keep up.
ok, fire, quaking, zephyr one landing.... &amp; vfx team just loves making look badass!!!! thank you!
is official on . going to be a great season
reminder: this is a protest. what happened last night was a riot.
good point! . doesn't 'buy' protests; only riots!! remember black lives got millions from the nazi!
you are in seattle?
can't be that close. restraining order doesn't allow them to be in the same state.
thank fucking god i'm not a goddam capricorn. ophiuchus really threw me for a loop there for a minute
i'm even more of a virgo now!
job sending us to ied/bomb recognition class. is it getting that real out here?
welcome to my world
can't get the discs out of the building and to an expert, and can't get the paper hardcopy out of the county. it is what it is.
here you go - the collection, and then i'm running a script to make the front pages preview.
this idiot still walking free. told u they wouldn't do anything to him. secret service has failed us
- are you referencing or donald trump jr
good morning from nairobi! didn't sleep last night, may take a few days to adjust but i feel amazing. looking forward to today!
good morning babe have a blessed day
can't get the discs out of the building and to an expert, and can't get the paper hardcopy out of the county. it is what it is.
things work in batches, so it will be a few minutes to add them. i can throw in more as time goes on for you.
i like the one on the left
good to know...
if any of you were worried about anything at 3 in the morning, you could have saved yourself the trouble, as i did it for all of us.
thank you! xo
my sister just asked if i was going to clt to protest. that would be a no. i was assaulted by a white anarchist last blm protest i went to.
physically or verbally? i remember you saying something about that a while ago. sad to hear
update: he's slurping his drink now someone take me out of my misery jesus christ
find him! i got connections with the mob! we don't tolerate that shit man.
these r genuine tears who is facing the music from all quarters for mohajirs whse politicial identity is mqm only w...
aesa bani jisney apney logon ko zaleel kardia
best customer service i've ever experienced!even told me "atleast we know we can get it to you this way if nothing else" mazing!
that's amazing!
hillary needs upset like this in north carolina, virginia or florida to galvanize black voters and give her the win.
agreed! but~ isn't . making inroads w/black voters by dialogue, vision? i think blk voters fear retribution!
have a lot of other materials but not sure what the archive collects. can't get approval to submit after closing.
we collect basically everything, by the way. good metadata always welcome in the process.
i'm a new fan now
thanks man...new video coming today
watch: black pastor tells msnbc host joy reid that hillary started the 'birther' movement. reid flips out!
this msnbc reporter does this to all people who tell the truth about hillary.
my sister just asked if i was going to clt to protest. that would be a no. i was assaulted by a white anarchist last blm protest i went to.
i've heard rumours that sometimes the ppl doing the most aggressive instigating are sometimes undercover ppl
my sister just asked if i was going to clt to protest. that would be a no. i was assaulted by a white anarchist last blm protest i went to.
that's how the union protests were the ones calling for violence turned out to be agents
what a fucking asshole. for once, hillary clinton was right.
that dude is a white nationalist and a complete douchebag...i read some of his tweets...smdh
chelsea bombing suspect ahmad rahami charged with using weapons of mass destruction
that changes my idea of what "mass" actually means. maybe iraq actually did have some afterall if pipe bombs count.
&gt; bill clinton laughing at ron brown's funeral. died in plane crash witness to china gate cor...
what a disgrace
if any of you were worried about anything at 3 in the morning, you could have saved yourself the trouble, as i did it for all of us.
... and g'morning!
great opportunity to see the team in action!
thanks for stopping by!
i don't know
i heard he died of aids
agreed...and they still managed to wrangle 'solution' in there...
yeah, that paragraph has to go - see my own comment on that post!
unfortunately can no longer run away from eating salmon. crunch time
just make sure it's cooked well done! it's great babe hehe
happy birthday to my sister-in- law love you lots
thanks bby love you too
this cut crease better be bomb i really didn't wake up early for anything less...
if this ain't me
mylan ceo's mother used position with education group to boost epipen sales nationwide via
don't know who that woman is, but it's not gayle manchin.
happy birthday emily crowley i love you
thank you love you!!!!
the classic song. listen to little fluffy clouds (7" edit) by the orb on .
i probably use more broadly than it should be strictly applied. electronic music. the orb is more and not dance .
wore my christmas dress, taught me well
lol.. rock it hard babe..
searching for a front end developer in lexington, ky for an iconic enterprise organization...contact hunter.smith.com
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send your details to leads.com
i doubt this will reach u but i think i hv helpful info. i want to send private. how can i? i doubt rsp
it might seem odd, but i truly do &amp; would like to pass it on.
in modern history it's funny how much violence educated white guys with suits and uniforms have committed but no one apparently fears them
they're political affiliation and religion is of no consequence.
happy birthday to the best i love you so much girly and i hope you have a wonderful day!
thank you roach love you too
most of trump's supporters are like that. you're not. but many are. too many
of course but she has no right to speak for half of the country..also many are voting for him because they hate hrc so much
this morning i woke up to an excerpt from the gospel
we should all get the raises we shoulda got last fiscal year
i just looked up the price of that flight. you don't have to work much, and i hate you. or i need to move to the east coast.
right? so cheap!!! how could i not book it?! $188 rt!!!
they're political affiliation and religion is of no consequence.
man woman and child, animals, no one is safe. however they get the pass of a lifetime.
yup, here, i knew it. your phone. :d
impressive research skills!
this is tweet from somebody who is running for president.
we've set the bar extremely low. it's excepted from him
wore my christmas dress, taught me well
tears of joy.
i'll be on cnn's and on the this a.m. to talk about 's foundation. tune in!
your reporting helps , distracting from temperament, where he's weak, focusing on $$, where clinton weak.
today was one of my best days as a rob main. i understand robs style more and realize he actually can be viable in the right hands.
when you gonna show everyone that d3 viable too
isnt it weird how foxnews is conservative bs, yet they are simultaneously airing the mostprogressive melodrama on tv
and even tho it's feminist, the screen shot is the silhouetted couple, kissing, rme....
yes 22nd aug is condemnable in everyway should not have happen !!
22 aug was just the final event, this failure in leadership took a long time to develop, from 90s onwards
happy birthday cuz !
thank you
these kids really get me up &amp; out in the morning n im grateful
making a morning person out of me n
i was watching a video on smt soldering, and he was calling components "guy." i could barely stomach it.
unnecessary gendering is unnecessary.
...u r like myself up in the dark, quiet predawn hours of the day.for 5-mins form a phrase or mantra for the day begin now
...thank you gods and angels, we hav all that we need. special shout/out to our motherearth &lt;3. prayer 5-mins begins ur day
senior: vote for
come on, people!! last believable kennedy was assassinated!! this~nothing more than . eyewash!
pretty much
it's more like "deviation from the norm will be punished until it is exploitable". they still teased him.
yes 22nd aug is condemnable in everyway should not have happen !!
when you create a culture in the party like you are a hitler or stalin then don't expect roses to be showered on u
suspect ahmad rahami charged with using weapons of mass destruction
if a pipe bomb is now a wmd, i'll wager iraq had some then. problem solved for bush and the war is validated.
it's way too fucking early for this. nobody talk to me. nobody smile at me. not in the fucking mood.
genuinely hope your day gets better. prayers up
wapo reader spotted this: the portrait bought w/ $10k frm charity, hanging at doral resort in june
so? charity free to lend it, doral could have bought or leased it. innuendo discredits you.
people arguing with me at 7 am about why it's bad to say "fuck the police" because "not all cops are bad"
same mofos who are screaming "deport all muslims! if black people behaved they wouldn't get shot!" fuck outtaaaaa heaaaaa
conservatives the most intolerant americans just disagree with them and see how they react.
are you talking about "tolerant" liberals who go ballistic whenever you disagree with them?? you loon.
part of it...race matters but use of force and being trained to de-escalate and deal with threats also matters.
you need to see 's remarks about this on yesterday's .
editorial: jasmine's case shows departments need to police themselves.
...let cops drive smart cars. i want to see
should we start profiling mosques in the us? imams mohammad ali elahi and muhammad siddeeq join us next with their take.
yes yes yes
there was a woman on jeopardy last night name dorcas and i'm literally a 23 y/o baby and laughed every time alex said her name.
name shaming, soooo mature.
same mofos who are screaming "deport all muslims! if black people behaved they wouldn't get shot!" fuck outtaaaaa heaaaaa
but but but i thought you couldn't condemn an entire group for the actions of a few?! hmmmmmmmmmmmm
media &amp; reporters being asked to leave the protest scene.
can that be done?
not only good day n blessed day but a good night n a blessed night n a blessed life
we r blessed ..live the moment..bring happiness in everything everyone in our hands
cheers! did you have some oysters there, too?
just the lobsters
wow that's crazy because i've tried those over here and it hasn't worked for me. have they worked for you?
where are you right now?? because it works for me with my people in london and also in australia and canada so idk
set the table, lit the candles, poured the wine, and ate croutons for dinner
not illegal and totally ok that you did this
great hire cnn!
he comes off as a misogynist thug in every cnn appearance.
you don't realize about a lot of things.
really? please explain
its funny to watch nail after having the dnc at the wells fargo arena and the most notable investor is warren buffett
-we need to do more to expose the muslim brotherhood's influence in our country
and the prospecting for oil in that basin...? mere words that even him nor his audience believes.
ma'am, the president has not and didn't mentioned anything about oil. please stay on the facts. thank you &amp; have a great day
inside 's secret startup machine.
google searches on reveal other interesting info which i haven't started reading yet. going to read this story first, though.
is a slow clap in order? i have these moments hourly. i am a walking, breathing, sometimes laughing idiot!
proud to be in the same club. what's your name again?
i can show you better than u can tell you
lol and you know why
called for decades? so everything hillarys been called for decades is true?
oh! i get it. you don't understand how words work.i see. you posted meme that said trump was never called racist. 1/2
get well soon khan. hospitalized due to low platelets count. remember him in your prayers.
get well soon.... who gonna make double century against wi ...
because you say do. have you ever heard of evidence? you saying so is meaningless
try reading studies by aclu, splc, howard university &amp; others if you doubt the criminal justice system oppresses the poor.
this senseless violence needs to stop. if people can't even protest peacefully, what else is there to do to even start resolving the issues?
or the fact that random lives are at stake just for walking in public bc sick-minded bastards want to terrorize innocents. disgusting.
yes with two different professors too
sometimes people are too smart@
i asked my cat to marry me and he started licking his asshole. so that's a yes, right?
whoa whoa whoa! let's take things slowly...
oh! i get it. you don't understand how words work.i see. you posted meme that said trump was never called racist. 1/2
i responded that he was called a racist by fees and folks he wouldn't rent to, pricing your memw factually inaccurate. 2/2
under the brooklyn bridge, the new photoville via
from two different angles (both in silver).
we have the best knowledge of all in order to not get shot by the police, though - don't attack the police.
attacking the police doesn't mean having your hands up ready 2 surrender + cooperate. is a great example
commute started with a cancellation &amp; getting to work an hour late. ended with me getting off my train to find my car radio had been stolen.
not the greatest of days
i am serious. 99% of black males being killed are because the black guy attacks them
attacking the police doesn't mean having your hands up ready 2 surrender + cooperate. is a great example
literally same
pay so much for a phone and it barely lasts 2 years lol
apple ios 10 now mimic's gmail's style of threading. seriously? anyone else miserable?
who uses apple mail?
trump says 'places like afghanistan' safer than inner cities
is this his plan, send all those unfortunate black people to afghanistan?
would be good to catch up after the panel
i hope it went well, please can we get a meeting booked in for next week when i'm back in the uk?
- can we stop the "trump can look presidential" crap? a crash test dummy can "look presidential."
. . . if i throw a suit and tie on a crash dummy it can "look presidential." and trump is close.
i responded that he was called a racist by fees and folks he wouldn't rent to, pricing your memw factually inaccurate. 2/2
damn it, he was called racist by feds. stupid iphone. regardless of typo i was right... you were not.
hey anyone happen to know what i want to do with my life? asking for a friend
stocks? idk, hearing good things
i'm here for this
don't be. you can't take judy serious
does trump plan to bring up hillary's marriage issues in the debates? he tells us tonight on the factor, preview:
need more emphasis on exposing influence of muslim brotherhood in our government
damn it, he was called racist by feds. stupid iphone. regardless of typo i was right... you were not.
and what's with the shouting? if you want actual discourse, use manners.
i wish black lives matter activist would be as upset about blacks killing other blacks as they are with white cops...
blm activists won't be rightfully upset until . 'pulls-the-plug' on rioters' paychecks!!
this would be so weird if were not a major party's nominee for president.
does the post have a reported dedicated to getting was you are dedicated to getting ?
we have one
all good homie next time.
lol thanks. i'm just not a morning person
still hope your morning gets better. prayers already up tho so it will
rarely! we will take it!
but, you still listen. you love him, just admit it!
this would be so weird if were not a major party's nominee for president.
have you ever investigated the way you are now investigating ? if not, comment valid.
need a good ugly cry? is your new show
is it like parenthood? cried nonstop with that show
multiple reports second ny device a pressure-cooker bomb like boston bombers who used inspire magazine of al qaeda.
please help in exposing the influence of muslim brotherhood on our gov't
because you say do. have you ever heard of evidence? you saying so is meaningless
accused of stealing a backpack, didn't have $1,000 bail, 3 years in rikers, just waiting for a trial.
finally
are you waiting for me ?
if any of you were worried about anything at 3 in the morning, you could have saved yourself the trouble, as i did it for all of us.
i have a ton of medical bill i can't pay
sheriff joe arpaio: i'm still investigating president barack obama's birth certificate.
those right wing nutters
is this out i thought this was coming out later this week wtf did i miss it
oh nah i have my 3ds hacked and unlocked all the dlc at once
microsoft fulfills its social responsibility by conducting research to discover how to solve cancer through computer science.
if you could tweet out the article, that would be great!
man woman and child, animals, no one is safe. however they get the pass of a lifetime.
all these "americans" praying we all come together. guys we are past that it's not happening. king tried.
it's not just darrelle revis' on-field issues that are causing the jets to worry
they are jet/met fans so they must worry. part of their dna.
with an mi should you give oxygen first or aspirin?
check the scene for safety first. could be flying dinosaurs in the area.
brb, prepare for the oven later
stop ddosing, just wanna play some overwatch
when will obama figure out he basically created trump? from his speech (h/t for the image):
i'm thinkin' n-e-v-e-r!! . only thinks of himself... and~of course~his negative legacy!!
oh sh*t i just realized "85" from alien 3 is del preston from wayne's world 2
this is actually a really hard realization to stumble upon
steph says hes still not over game 7 which is good because we're also not over the "blowing the 3-1 lead" jokes. still great 3 months later.
followed you for a reason :d
someone explain to me why an at-risk triplet pregnancy was not a c-section from the get-go. with even twins it's almost automatic.
ha!! see my timeline from earlier tonight.
lol yes so we will use your mb to watch it
i'll watch it before i come
i'll take a champion on a show that isn't a chore to watch.
ok.....papa shango, the club,austin aries, tye dillinger and....
come on paulie it's not even fairlife? support the guy man
they don't sell that out here.
oh gotcha how was it
not done yet! but pretty funny so far
the questions i sent 's folks for trump fdn story. nothing yet. note my q mis-stated mar-a-lago fin...
would be more professional if you stated how much time you gave to respond before printing story.
nbc sports - prohockeytalk: tortorella defends team usa's roster, blames loss to canada on 'self-inflicted' mistakes
ah yes, the tortorella backpedal, so familiar
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
only if you leave.
anyone else on allo yet?
if you're referring to the tv show allo allo i watched all the episodes already.
*live look at bianca at chainsmokers show*
haha i have great dance moves. they would probably bring me on stage
you read comic books for a living! nuff said! lmao. must pay great aahhhhhh!
wow, your comprehension skills are lacking. but thanks for checking out my profile. i guess you really do care.
hi, i see you like gary vaynerchuk - my mentor in life :) can i ask you what is you've learned from him?
hi. am learning that i need to focus.
some days i worry the social justice outrage educators show here won't transfer to action in schools. other days i worry there is no outrage
i'm thinking a lot about what action looks like. wondering if we need to write a few social justice units for people.
today's the 21st!
not scared.
i hope you got my response! you should be all set for tomorrow
i got back to you and you never responded. the team is very disappointed.
today's goals 1) main story complete on characters 2&amp;3 2) 365 minimum light on all three 3) nightfall cleared on all 3 after obtaining light
you'll have nothing left to do lol
forget slavery: says "african-american communities in worst shape ever, ever, ever"
what people aren't getting is that donald sees his fantasies as if they are reality. belief is reality.
lol rt : microsoft just unveiled a new nokia phone
lmao what the fuck is nokia?! this isn't 1999
fwiw, i rarely sing the national anthem out of protest. i've been doing this little protest for years because of our incarceration rate.
it's a silent protest. no one notices. it's really just me feeling sad whenever we're supposed to sing about "the land of the free."
that double espresso really kicked in and now i can't sleep
i hate when that happens.. usually when that happens take a long run..
i wrote about how trump's birtherism, and how he gaslights people to get away with lying. my latest, for .
jamil.please check out what hillarys good friend sidney blumenthal was saying about the then senator obama!
imagine having to wake up for hs right now lmaooooo
hard to imagine when i'm actually doing it xd
'what is the statute of limitations on destroying government documents?'
i don't think there are no statute of limitations
key policy documents from today's bank of meeting...
very weak response? little action, lots of incantations. i don't see how this moves the needle on usdjpy in a meaningful way.
i'm just wake up for the job and i have sleep very well, sorry
what's your secret?
nerding level: 1 trillion. "dune" is on goodbye everyone. at least until they pull it.
when you see the baron remember the tooth!
was i happy to see tonight - oh, maybe just a little!
love this pic!
trump will fix poor subway service.
no neither of them will lol.
i wish every tour we did was with
when is the wedding?
the world's end fish and chips in edinburgh are award winners
thanks so much. plan to go over next year.
it's a silent protest. no one notices. it's really just me feeling sad whenever we're supposed to sing about "the land of the free."
i'm proud that we live in a country where people can protest. where people braver than me can take risks and tell us to be better.
i can live with that.
hoax media at it again this morning..criticizing cops,praising hillary,killing trump..it's just another day for liberal media.
describe yourself in three fictional characters:
2/3: i'd replace westley with vizzini ;)
other than why didnt you just do what youre told!? idiots
so u get shot after you've been tasered? there are 5 cops there. excessive force clearly
trump didn't serve in the military so we should totally hold wages down by flooding the country with immigrant labor.
trump found a way to avoid serving on 3 diff. occasions, but now talks like a hawk. absence of character, integrtiy.
are you listening to this disaster?
yes. it's unbareable.
trump didn't serve in the military so we should totally hold wages down by flooding the country with immigrant labor.
trump himself hires illegal immigrant labor. is anyone forcing him to do that?
i'm proud that we live in a country where people can protest. where people braver than me can take risks and tell us to be better.
... even if it hurts to hear it. especially if it hurts to hear it. we're failing terribly at some things. that doesn't mean we're a failure.
hey i hear ya, and i would love the chance to discuss. send over a dm, and we can chat. *alexsemsch
ugh why are people who ordered after i did getting tracking numbers for their orders and i haven't?
clinton foundation aids program distributed 'watered-down' drugs to third world countries via
aids~like cancer~is profitable, thus no cure!! sees this as just another profit-center!
... come to think of it, maybe it wasn't such a good idea to post a screen from a dlc case that technically isn't out...
please don't send screaming lawyers to my house
then again maybe this convo just needs to move to my dms
handle these
this should be mandatory daily viewing.
thiiiiiis made my morning. i feel energized to start the day. also send to lingzi or i will steal your thunder &lt;3
the minister says we ratify at cop22. i thought signing d agreement ends d process and not begins it.
then you should have asked. you don't make such statement with out fact. you can do the needful
protesters clash with police in charlotte after fatal shooting of black man. . another dead black man.
i just installed the guardian app on my iphone &amp; the first headline was this story by about . mistaken identity.
the dallas morning news got influx of newspaper subscription cancellations after endorsing hillary clinton...
if should win will experience the exact same mass subscription cancellations.
the trump campaign's response to 's scathing reporting is pretty weak. doesn't even mention benghazi. z...
show us the tax returns. show us the books.
once again, the smart money continues to be on rick stansbury in recruiting.
very interesting word choice there, jeff.
i just installed the guardian app on my iphone &amp; the first headline was this story by about . mistaken identity.
another dead black man who was perfectly innocent, not wanted for any crime, who was mistaken for another man who had, and killed w/o trial.
"triangulate" has a negative connotation to me but otherwise totally yes.
meant urban planning sense, to build relevance by locating in proximity to related activities. not the kissinger sense :)
mmmm...ok. i upgraded macosx to sierra. besides siri, don't see one other interesting feature. you?
all the sori functions
kurtz: over the line? says giving 'aid and comfort' to isis
. hrc is either hallucinating or lying again ! she has no shame!
- can we stop the "trump can look presidential" crap? a crash test dummy can "look presidential."
if media sets bar for trump so low that he wins debate because he's wearing a suit, we all lose.
only one candidate has a plan for a booming economy.
two candidates? i see one candidate and one clown lol
unsure if im being loved or tolerated by people but im trying to accept it either way
loved, more than the stars above. i mean what's a decker without her tiegen?? a lizzie without her miranda??
you and your comic books live in fantasy land
well, some are and others are written by rep. john lewis about the civil rights movement, more fact, less fantasy.
acc to hire contractor for 3-way tie in atlantic division:
well louisville holds the obvious upper hand right now. clemson has to pick up their game to improve their overall strength
listen to critical mass by nuclear assault
if i may fuck'n awesome
maybe because so many companies are now releasing stuff. so many collectors are backing out bc its too much
i know i've had to dramatically cut down. i only pick up dw titles and stuff that blows me away
west papuan demonstrator locked up. will never be free until is free.
...want to come switch places you can protest in usa &amp; i'll protest in
anyone have a good recommendation on coffee shops / equivalent to work out of ny? (pref in les)
ground support is pretty good in soho. see also and
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
a movement of ignorance. how do you not remember slavery, and the period before civil rights? how can you make us great?
um so, do you ever look at your "save for later" amazon cart and don't recall putting that stuff in there? (1/2)
heh, no but i look at the packages my doorman hands me and think "interesting choices, drunk lauren. prime is dangerous."
september 21st 2016: the office of general pervez musharraf shared this video link. please view and share
love your way of telling india stay in limit
well, some are and others are written by rep. john lewis about the civil rights movement, more fact, less fantasy.
that said, i notice you've given up arguing your factually inaccurate meme and have moved on to personal insults. 1/2
live on : is hillary up?
gma this morning quote hillary was busy campaigning on the phone yesterday..i can't!
in ny the dudes opened the bag, broke the bomb, threw it away, and then stole the bag. dont mess with us. we're nuts
it's more we are all about recycling, why not 'repurpose' a perfectly good bag left on the corner!!
the toooooth. the tooooooth. (echo-echo-echo) the toooooth.
i have always loved gurney halleck and duncan idaho.two of my favorite movie characters ever.
you've been telling me bye all morning what i do ?
you play all day lol nobody has time
what would be really amazing is if it turns out brad cheated with a nanny, i am so ready for a new nannygate scandal
had this exact thought yesterday
there was a democrat who did trounce , but gashed his cheek &amp; chose .
you can call her a crook, but have zero actual proof. conversely trump has a history of fraud.
this is causing me physical pain pls explain
the only home game is on a week with monday off and a half day or something along those lines
ground support is pretty good in soho. see also and
grey dog has lots of seating, i can't remember if it has wifi tho.
debate audience breaks out laughing when former florida gov. charlie christ calls hillary clinton 'honest'
charlie christ is an idiot plain and simple hillary is a liar and dishonest
yeah, this season is the worst! the russian chick needs to be slapped!
yesss!! lord, help these people.
noted mets enthusiast reports that the 2-2 pitch from smoker to markakis was not a strike.
but the veteran pitcher would have gotten the call
is there room for another messaging app at this point? confused why this isn't part of hangouts and it's own app
where there google, there's room. re: hangouts, depends on if allo supports google apps users.
me: is given 2 weeks to complete all necessary work for the week also me: leaves it until the night before when it's due at 8 am
it wouldn't be college if you didn't do work at the last minute
that said, i notice you've given up arguing your factually inaccurate meme and have moved on to personal insults. 1/2
i guess we're done here. thanks for deleting the tweet calling me a scumbag cause that really lessened tone of discourse. 2/2
must read potus wants to give up control of internet be4 election- why that's nuts/dangerous
congress can stop it problems is too busy thumping and all internet moguls$ support giveaway
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
can't wait for that little girl to sue you for refusing to pay her for her lemonade services.
tried 's brown rice bowl idea from 's blog. a+. easy and healthy tofu, avocado, spinach and gr...
yum!! how was it?
why did you choose those three? what about them appealed to you? (question to get to know you better - not an accusation).
they were brave in the face of great adversity &amp; significant to me throughout my life - knight, queen, apostle.
who is the third person in?
the formerly proud
do you know the answer to this question
not that i know of...
i'd bet a million bucks this guy is not a liberal.
uh i wasn't referring to his politics.
coming home at 4:30 in the morning, i can imagine it was epic.
haha, why you haven't been there?
if i had to describe myself in 3 fictional characters, they would be...
not a single resident of 6151 richmond street, miami!
george h.w. bush to vote for hillary clinton
. it's called sore loser.
i hope that means you loved it.
yes i replayed it
currently watching 'janis: little girl blue' she was quite the legend. x
she gave a talk at my school last night and left us all in tears.
bono: donald trump is potentially the worst idea that ever happened to america
what's the difference between god and bono? god doesn't walk the irish countryside claiming to be bono
'you can sleep tonight knowing the klan is awake.' fliers like these are showing up on lawns across the u.s.
we hav a particularly special relationship, the klan and we. but they'll hav to take my land "legally" this time contracts &amp; mortgage
happy birthday twin!thanks for always making me do things i don't want toly lots
i love you twin
what really bugs alex denis? find out on
i promise, , if we ever have lunch together, i won't chew with my mouth open, and i would never lie.
you have no plan, . not for safety, not against isis. just talk. the truth:
but...dumps gonna build a wall!
good stuff, john. did you catch some wheelchair rugby? tremendous sport.
i did. lot of fun. the gold medal match was great.
why i love israel and everything it stands for;
thanks katie for the support
thoughts and prayers
sodom and gomorrah
i know and like the original story, but that was still a bad movie.
i saw it opening weekend....was the only one there. what a dud of a movie
oh darling.....just do what i want to do. vegas. see ya
bachelortte party in vegas and their wedding chapels
science tells us why girl's nipples get hard
as long as they do!!! we love it!!
why the delay? that was a question. you seem to take it as a defamation. anyways, my apologies for any inconvenience caused.
thank you. have a great day
trump would have us living in fear, dismantling our constitutional rights, and going crazy...
anyone with half a brain is living in fear of a possible presidency &amp; of the nutjobs he's mainstreamed.
so this guy famous dex beats up his gf in a video &amp; this is how some men responded
this trash ass nigga is not a fucking legend. i wanna punch that nigga in his mouth so bad after seeing that video
'you can sleep tonight knowing the klan is awake.' fliers like these are showing up on lawns across the u.s.
isn't this hate speech?
pls can someone explain why we have children of ngr pres. sitting at the unga?
the pics is not photoshopped, but there's nothing wrong having the kids inside the ga
also she's touching me
mom she's looking out my window take away her electors
donald trump jr. steps in it again (and again) via
clinton news network at it again
can david simon use 'nigga' to mock racists?
singer/songwriter used the n word 2 make funn of it... lyrics " jimi hendrix was a n...jesus christ &amp; grandma too"
trump would have us living in fear, dismantling our constitutional rights, and going crazy...
trump would rip apart our social fabric. his voters would demand he "crack down." others will not sit idly by as he despoils u.s.
have a good humpday ij family!
can't watch that without thinking of q.
everything? says a lot about yourself to be fair.
the kid in this picture was killed by a hamas bomb in gaza. read
help our friend's dog get emergency medical care please share
have your friend go to dr reda east islip vet. he is the best and will surely work with them financially!
how'd you get the dlc if it's not out?
my 3ds is hacked and i can install apps and dlc as i want pretty much
donald trump, jr. makes controversial comparison of syrians to skittles
what's the problem?
one photo doesn't explain a whole conflict and who's right or wrong. get a grip.
that kid in the pic was killed by hamas missile.
experts say seizing &amp; isis oil = . says, "it's not stealing, we're reimbursing ourselves."
it's a good thing george w. bush was only foolish enough to invade iraq and not to seize their oil as well.
have student debt? planning for college? see how much money hillary's plan would save you:
google (make rochester great again) this is the kind of hatefulness trump attracts as followers. it is deplorable.
north korea's internet only has 28 websites but they sure are sweet
strange how these websites by n korians for n korians have so much english text. :) also interesting to read the headlines.
donald trump said 18 false things today.
thanks for this.
&amp; a gentleman..met him @ the 94' world cup
a scottish gent. not many around!
i'd love to become a cook! nassau county
. in the meantime, keep cooking and sharing the goodness on instagram with !
also me when i watch you flop
the shade! lol
breaking protest erupts in , glass bottles were thrown at police. i pray for the peace for our co...
. this is the party's . time to show them the dorr
savage behaviour [instagram: aidan21w]
once you step onto the court grandma there ain't no forgiveness
by not naming the enemy we protect jihadist, not americans. o's ridiculous dance around the truth.
yesterday at un was the first chorus of incompetence confirmation swan
how'd you get the dlc if it's not out?
all the dlc is downloaded in one shot but the unlock keys are put on the eshop weekly so it's on your system, you just cant use it
that sounds like when the japanese developed a square watermelon &amp; i never believed it till i saw one with my own eyes
now we just need for them to add peanut butter to that watermelon's center and we're set.
dude i knoooooow. my chicago trip left me super broke so i'm just gonna cross my fingers that a 2x hoodie lasts til thursday.
i really want the hoodie but i can't spend 47 on a hoodie
if you have a very heavy pluto or scorpio influence in your natal chart you'll be intimidating naturally you exude a powerful energy
sun conjunct pluto in scorpio. 4th house.
why doesn't your tweet say black police kill man - why race on victim but not police?
because it's not about race. it's about policing strategies. shoot first without evidence or take risks?
re ties to russians spending billions in nyc market among other things.may prove to be biggest con man since bernie madoff
wait until cheetonazi tries 2 screw russian "bankers". in russia there is no chapter 11, only ak-47.
in this case would our account manager from be able to help?
yes, please reach out &amp; if you still need support, i'll help!
"everything you need to know about brangelina's divorce..." nothing. there is literally nothing that the public *needs* to know. yuck.
meanwhile everything needed to be known about the tulsa police shooting: literally everything.
if he has investors, yes, since it's his job to make profits, not to be altruistic.
he is a privately held company....
me n khalil are arguing rn so imma make this official: who is the best rnb artist of our time
bhris breezy honorable mention
shawty lo died wtf time to cry
i used to run around my house to dey know wtf this is heartbreaking
shaoxing | travel china tip: right-click and select "save link as.." to ...
hi,im from shaoxing
we traded camby and nene for him, it was a terrible move
yes but at the time most people liked it.
food for the next scala meetup? .
speaking of. thanks for pitching in the beer last time!
are you ignoring the more obvious on purpose?
steps in an airport = sobs, i think?
another forest diiieeesss!!!
another oil spill
1. yesterday's speech by president obama at the u.n. general assembly represented another precedent-breaking politicization of a platform
it was like a campaign speech, not dignifying at all and the audience showed it. no applause, they were just looking at him
following the results of his mri, rb doug martin is expected to be out about three weeks with a hamstring injury, source said.
&gt; 2 weeks in , injuries start piling up, &amp; need to agree to increase roster sizes.
i'm sorry but you're not making a good deal of sense here.
dude, if u can't see all the things wrong with trump,, i'm not going to spend my morning helping u. i'm just glad i'm not u.
watch out though. i'm getting some serious push back from squaretrade on my iphone claim.
good luck. they always were great. i hope it works out.
thx 4 sharing skills w next week. u r global leader
- thanks, can't wait to see what's new, especially the light path!
order a from
pretty eyes,,,,you should come to the us
monterrey airport, with ignoring me
what the fuck is this omg i needed this, this morning thank you
2. previously not-politicized by a u.s. president for the purposes of attacking domestic political opponents. i discussed this this morning
i was inside the general assemble, the speech failed flat to the audience cos they can see in between the lines.
are you this bitter and angry every day?
me? angry and bitter? not at all. you assclowns r a great source of mirth, an aquarium of idiots
nate's behavior has changed dramatically over the past year.
*citation needed*
jeff van gundy has told me before that they tried to convince patrick not to request the trade and it still hurts him to this day.
ewing couldn't come to grips he wasn't what he once was and needed a bench role. oh well.
hobos find bombs and save new jersey. the united states is now protected by the department of homeless security.
good one! btw, your vid re difference between men/women shd be required seen by hs seniors
because i believe cake is a great breakfast
i'm glad we are still talking about cake
hottest month since ... ... 1880! remember all the cars on the road in 1880! why was it hotter in 1880!?!?!
they had cows ! cows fart a lot!
resolve tested positive? when!?
allegedly hambo day.
we're committed to rebuilding trust with our customers and the public.
how can you rebuild trust when you have same greedy and dishonest ppl in power????
never trust anyone named pitt, especially a conniving, sniveling liberal,,,
"if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left." - margaret thatcher
who hasn't seen la confidential?
most people under the age of 25, i reckon.
same time , otherwise it wouldn't be our mets
very true. heart aches all the time lol these last games....
goodmorning
youre up early :/ or late :)
hillary takes the second day off in a row. she cancels rally in battleground state north carolina. something is bad wrong.
good but maybe debate prepping
of course: cnn turk reports that the attacker at the israeli embassy in ankara is "mentally unstable." (ynet)
of course anyone who try's to attack someone/thing is unstable
some assholes just don't know how to mind their own business. shoulda pulled him down with.
i thought the same thing cracking up . he has to start all over.
ah, mary magdalene, the apostle...subversive...i like it...
they were all a bit subversive.
bad dude is what he said..how that's racist i don't know...he observed him not complying ..what was he doing
this is you - reaching; i chose jason because he keeps coming back after you thin...
women shut themselves away to avoid harassment in sweden
a very tough existence
is the general assembly a gathering of any president's kids? is that its purpose?
few presidents have visited the ga with their families at least once. its just 4 fun
can't handle the truth. even if you wanted to.
white jeans look so good on a great butt
ewing couldn't come to grips he wasn't what he once was and needed a bench role. oh well.
yeah there's a lot to but yes
i smell......mommy issues. it's ok russ, i'm sure she loved you and didn't mean to hurt you.
this guy has no respect for women coming from what he said to u,&amp; supports blm, a terrorist movement against whites
no one ready for this old people fit today
told you so.
that's true of all projects everywhere. but you're implying some kind of corruption. i don't know of any.
see for yourself. excellent blog post today from metrics director on
jeff van gundy has told me before that they tried to convince patrick not to request the trade and it still hurts him to this day.
ewing off the bench for 20-25 minutes would have been a big help. could have reinvented his career. knicks sucked anyway.
i smell......mommy issues. it's ok russ, i'm sure she loved you and didn't mean to hurt you.
not surprising anymore
caught an incredible acdc show last night with axl at the helm. last show of the tour. brilliant...
love it! you &amp; axl are a legendary rock&amp;roll team!! thank you for filling our world with epic rock&amp;roll!!
is the general assembly a gathering of any president's kids? is that its purpose?
they have a place 4 first lady's &amp; special passes 4 them, i guess they wanted them in
similarly to the , some heads of states really don't know what's required of them
they are ambitious goals and everyone needs to act quickly!!
something to pump you up! our marines singing "days of elijah" =&gt; the lord &amp; his people are a comin' nov with trump...
this is beautiful
you were at etsy today?
yes! you work there now? i was visiting :)
did this boy just make a musically with his dying grandpa and said 1 like = 1 prayer or am i trippin
when you actually make your grandpa lay in a hospital bed for views
new trailer of the very gorgeous and please rt and follow
that was a great parody :) and pretty hot to :)
prince charles condemned over 'totally inappropriate' visit to bahrain
not a very good example, with the human rights violations
[yesterday] &amp; meegan among the audience of the last ac/dc show of the rock or bust world tour in philly.
love the brotherhood !!
listen to in the light by led zeppelin no don't go to the light
nice track bro
why are they so "afraid" of us? why?!
because they've angered a people they no longer control
shameless patriots troll. works for the ny post.
ahhhh, okay. so he left twitter?
damn that is so true, but we can't live with fear bro! sounds like an utopia but it is true, our fear is their win! cheers \m/
true can't have fear good day too you brother fred
just found out is singing on . and i didn't think he could be any hotter.
so left field that was.
i be giving weed out
facts you do
tonight at 11/10c: birtherism, bridgegate, trump's charity: is there anything skittles can't explain?
it's not the first time has used this analogy.. he did the same with peanuts last year
yes &amp; nyc lets these app comp run wild then handcuff the industry with so many regs that it's impossible 2 compete
don't forget the green cabs. the new ones also getting hit hard.
awesome johngood night everyone
morning jeanne and all its hump day
george clooney "very sorry" to hear of angelina jolie and brad pitt's divorce
who's next? ?
is stoking this..she's losing the black vote.
u know it! did you hear what she said on the steve harvey show mavis?
all we ask is for 1 thing, justice. we're tired of this, but it won't change until other people are tired with us.
next time..... hands up when the police say so
it took apple linking my desktop files to my phone for me to get around to deleting all the garbage screenshots on...
i can hardly bring myself to delete some of them.
i just generally don't buy licensed hoodies because i can't remember the last i saw one that wasn't $50.
plus it's a hoodie i would only wear in the fall. sooo 50 dollars a few months. can't do it
we agree! some grt people working
thanks so much for your appreciation!
a reddit post about israel was not a smart read at 7:30 in the morning.
i found reading reddit made me a more cynical, angry person so i gave up. one of my better decisions.
you messaged the wrong "fitzy". i'm in australia and i know/care nothing about the pats. it happens a lot nowadays. :(
sorry about that
en transmara base ko mulot igotuon tondet ak otestaa onetech omi present agoi 9:30 pm rotich ainamoi.
i don't think i can make it by 9.30. how about 10?
then will come "dad, have you seen star wars" and "have you heard of the beatles?
they've already seen some of the star wars. somehow the older ones feel more tame than hp
why do you think developer (gender neutral) took hold but sysop/ operator didn't?
sysadmin (then) and ops engineer (now) are fine titles.
stiff neck is stiff. i have a horrible cramp and i hope the ninjas attack me on the left side this morning. otherwise it could be trouble.
i'm just saying. i mean, worries about me. for that reason. ninjas! who knew?
wait, the big tomato?
i know. look after a couple of craft beers all these emoji look the same.
these are so accurate! oddly enough, i am truly struggling on this one for myself.
i'll message you when i get in. we'll figure this out together.
do other ladies of digital world also have specific nail length preference for work? (for those who typing is job. i.e writers and coders)
when i was a pianist, a bunch of my friends would talk about this a lot
cafeteria worker quits after being forced to take hot lunch away from student with unpaid balance:...
if i have to pay they have to pay. buy less beer and pay ur kids lunch bill
how is it different from the pb cup? just size?
a jelly filled donut with (i imagine) reese's pb filling.
alina's favorite thing to do in minecraft is to put beds outside for the bad guys so they can...
anwen required a lot of reassurance recently that the pigeons we're going to be fine without their own beds
and next week we are doing a juggling contest...
don't these wackolibs realize their era of brainwashing is soon over ?
so thrilled to meet you too here's link to original photo/tweet:
love it! enjoy your new bookshelf, stacy :)
i'm on way to right now. on wsh.
well, how was it?
investing in contraception for all is one of the best poverty fighters. i'm happy to help, i know what works
according to the mayor's office survey, contraception is the 2nd most important factor for working age women.
first time i have ever had an driver ask to delay my trip as he desperately needs to stop and pee.
one time this happened to me here in nyc... except the driver just like peed on the street in a corner too the side.
jehovah's name, as witnesses we comfort bring to morning ones cause them to sing... what a privilege we certainly have!
so forward we will go until jehovah says no more, persistent we must be to help others to see...
that's normal in a crisis. assets become cheaper due down turn - you invest and value of them goes up
thats what i'm thinking. dunno if those numbers include net worth or investments. can't just be salary. i doubt salaries are up
when the gangs about to buy drugs
when the gang does weird inside jokes in public
how is this anyone's business?
"let's blast medical information she obviously kept to herself. doesn't matter she's dead.
there are but 11 games left. the strongest line-up has to be out there every day now, end of.
yep. and unfortunately, that does not include travis or bruce.
with trump regaining north carolina lead, hillary unexpectedly postpones local fundraiser "without reason"
has been in a panic-funk since receiving 25 wicked questions from .due 10/15 to a judge. trapped
caught an incredible acdc show last night with axl at the helm. last show of the tour. brilliant...
also thank you for keeping fans connected thru social media! hoping for another screening contest before sa leg, if possible
!!!!! so excited y'all (ppl with aesthetic objections, take note that yubico is offering limited edition white one.)
does this work with the github yubikeys?
i really need to at leave /r/politics and /r/worldnews. any post about israel eventually turns into "damn jews!"
politics and discussing it on the internet never, ever ends well.
yes i am! lol just up early, i have to leave for the airport at 6:30.
ahhhhh,,,ok. i would have given you a ride if i had known. im doing uber now $$$ :)
thanks chump, i will
happy birthday!!
mets miss playoffs there is zero way mets can bring terry back
ive said that for a few months. but they still might.
donald trump jr. steps in it again (and again) via
he would have been great at training the hitler youth.
so just saw a stat showing wainwright with 16 rbi. tda with 14 as full time player. that's when you know bench has your name
he has had an awful year. and there are no signs of it getting better.
dear trump supporters, when did murdering innocent civilians become "american"? yours truly,
oh lord, don't ask
losing 5 straight to braves is baffling? can it just be they are in mets head?
they haven't lost 5 straight to atlanta. they just took 2 out of 3 at turner.
chinatown power broker rose pak unapologetically lived the life of her choosing obit by brings back memories
. my mom went to college with rose pak. here's how she looked in 1970
exclusive look at ps4 version.
...i have a pc so dont know what point you makin
why is pete carroll not viewed as a cheater the way belichick is?
thank you mike! amazing how carroll gets a free pass. what he did at usc was criminal. you are spot on here w/ media/league
dear trump supporters, when did murdering innocent civilians become "american"? yours truly,
...i think you mean when did we *admit* that murdering innocent civilians is "american" :-\
i remember trying to download songs on limewire and if you'd download the wrong file, clinton would come out like
i did not have sexual relations with that woman.
don't understand the debate on how this affects bruce. how much worse can he get?
its not that he can get worse. its that with the season on the line, his struggles get more and more magnified.
[trump's] ability to repeat false statements with seemingly few consequences has become a point of political...
politifact: since aug 15. 91% od trumps statements are false.
my family of 3 routinely flies for under $500 r/t. lucky spot.
that's insane!!!
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
bowel movements aren't campaigns either!
who faces freeman then? edgin?
of course. go by the book, win with the best soldiers on the field.
friday morning. my dahlias are making me happy though everything else in the...
my friend v's dahlias from her garden adorning the windowsill above her kitchen sink. glorious dahlias!
how did the c-section become america's most common major surgery?
because doctors are lazy
right its not like ppl with lives hold that occupation or anything ffs
great. so if all lives matter what r u doing to help black americans in this country ....i'll wait.
. you have balls the size of the rocky mountains
7:50am and you two are already starting shit....
tom steyer giving $15m more to ground game efforts. goal: knock on 5.3m doors
he is my hero. where are others like him?
there's and active shooter on camp lejeune right now ...
hi nicole. melea from nbc news here. are you on base? do you have any more information about the alert?
divine knowing-spiritual intuition-is an allowing of someone else to know in us, through us, for us, &amp; even as us!
shakti prana!! this life force feels like 'other' sometimes me, other times marry east +west!
thank you!!!
we should see today. i will need your help. please plan to be at the nigerian mission at 3pm. love you
. you have balls the size of the rocky mountains
no comment... lol.
any way to get a reminder without retweeting?
just retweet it bum
well but you know that graphic design is more complex than what web developers thinks is easier...
it's much less "what is easier" than "what is performant," but an easily understandable css spec will no doubt help adoption
he had a gun, you people are something else
as opposed to all the other incidents where unarmed black men are shot dead? where's proof?
it's almost 5 am, no wonder i'm so tired.
i spent the night going through a ton of bookmarks of mine, reading the contents and learning what they had to teach.
in the usa cops have killed 800 in the last 10 months whereas terrorism has killed 100 in last 10 years
.... another lie 800 police officers were not killief in the last 10 months....
any other suggestions anyone?
did answer it in a talk. iirc a googler added z to a url to avoid a conflict and it stuck/became convention
better get some coffee
i'm gonna need it if i'm going to be a bully today
trump has a clear pattern of being racist, from law suits to comments.
shes weak and an obama follower. that's not what the american people need
worth noting: hillary clinton is a white supremacist. so is lindy if her writing on black culture if any indication.
would be sewing eye holes in klan hoods if there was money &amp; power in it.
tweet like you don't give a flying fuck.
but i do about a lot of things.
i really need the construction on ridgeway to not be a thing
literally been there for 2 years
maybe a very tall ?
sure looks pretty close to that - but four times taller! maybe some cousin? or a flesh-eating mutant hybrid? everybody run!
just a personal preference i wonder if sometimes it's part of the license agreement
most likely. that's how i feel about some art prints. then they slap the name on there it ruins it
grey dog has lots of seating, i can't remember if it has wifi tho.
oh and it can get busy, but mcnally jackson is also a great place. might have more suggestions
i spent the night going through a ton of bookmarks of mine, reading the contents and learning what they had to teach.
i'm really, really trying to get over the whole "i'll get to it" mindset. there's so much to ingest that i end up having it pile up.
you'll be hip, just less "happening"
hip and happening is a trendy saying ok
trump-clinton probablity of winning lines touch again. will this lead to another "bounce back" as the status quo ra...
this what happens when hrc decided to "run out the clock" in august and do nothing. completely lost her lead and floundering.
up early today talking about -- tune into this morning!
sorry anthony, but i love tou markkkkkieee
jay cutler's sprained thumb could keep him out until october: (via )
its not even a real injury
its not my job to help black americans what makes u think ur entitled to my help do i owe u something brother?
but u said all lives matter? y not help someone in need. i did. military 8 yrs. i see ur stupid. uninformed. and a waste of space
together, we will make america safe and great again!
who will keep us safe from you &amp; your army of brownshirt shitbags?
doing it right now on my ipad. if it's ok, will do on my phone tomorrow.
so far no real hiccups. still learning my way around.
. i just overnighted "siracusa" (blue rider press) from amazon and can't wait to dive in. how are you? ...
let me know how you like it.
after 10 years together &amp; two married, angelina jolie files for divorce
should have gotten married?
1977 paying homage to its best known industry, nashville elects 2 cal its minor league baseball team the nashville sounds.....
..the owners of the nasville sounds are conway twitty, jerry reed, oak ridges boys &amp; richard sterban!! thats pretty cool stome
they were serious about doing the lethal weapon tv series, they should have got tom hardy and donald glover to play riggs and murtaugh.
the first commercials were god awful
more tickets released: be the first to see at carnegie hall in nov.12....
please release more tickets!!
i almost never encountered overt anti-semitism in the us (abroad is another story) my whole life. since trump, it's routine.
hard to imagine. go to small towns, at least in my early years quite common.
i don't have class till 12:45 i better be able to go back to sleep
u r so fucking lucky , i fucking wish
he tweeted last night about the patriots never having a black qb until now but that's not surprising bc it's boston.
wow. glad he's gone.
this could be interesting and a little cheaper than normal if you need renters / home insurance in nyc.
funny how that tweet cuts out all relevant info about product/co in favor of beyonc reference
i don't know who this jackass on is but we are not a nation of refugees, founded by refugees who want to chop off heads. idiot.
....yes we are....nobody here iz a native of north america.... that makes us refugees...
it was such a cult &amp; commercial hit. it never got credit for it tho.
no, it didn't. but, the notebook gets the credit.
still need to plug those leaks at downtown 81st st b/c platform, . the rust on the (weight-bearing?) ste...
kate is the uptown or downtown side?
dude they're so backwards and weird
they're just like... unbearable
am i tardy to the party? what happened to you on snapchat
what happened to me kn snapchat?
it was such a cult &amp; commercial hit. it never got credit for it tho.
no, it didn't.
how do i wipe a server? with a cloth or something?
ask hillary
you know they gave free game time for the amount of downtime they had at wod launch right?
and yet wod was still shitty doesn't mean people should demand things for things blizz can't control
what is "po" short for?
"persons operating?" "people of?" "patriots offense?"
is the general assembly a gathering of any president's kids? is that its purpose?
the truth is that the president can come to the unga with just 3 delegation
confirmation?
- go to her website.
this mother runner pumped breast milk while running a half marathon:
see what docs and runners say on breast milk!
kate is the uptown or downtown side?
downtown -- lower level, so theoretically not coming from outside. upper is dry(ish)
good luck! good news!
thanks alex
doctoring. looking after others' loved ones at the expense of yourself and your own loved ones.
happily so.
power moves little
makin moves doin thangs
fox electoral scorecard: 2016 race tightens in key battlegrounds
of course fox played same game in primaries saying trump had no path to 1237 but cruz did even behind by+400
liberals brutally mocked for playing down nyc explosion, claiming locals were eating gelato via
also lied it was not a terrorist attack..
check your tweets pokemaster!
yeahhhhh cleaning the vile taint now goddamn it
instead of sleep you can actually binge re-watch cosmos and it has the same affect. betting on this to be true.
the original sagan series? or the new series?
yeah, this bullshite. its fucking stupid, yet its happening again ohboy.
it's not just that though. ash looks very different. he looks softer and squishier.
if you'r asking if wl sold russia 20% of us uranium reserves, then no, that was hillary.
no, i asked about wikileaks links to russia, stupid.
is the general assembly a gathering of any president's kids? is that its purpose?
outside the president, every other person here is spectator, except if u have a side event
downtown -- lower level, so theoretically not coming from outside. upper is dry(ish)
oh god the mta has to do something, by the way how is the tracks down there
new startup in santa fe looking for a php developer. are you a php developer or know anyone? this is a great...
we have good experienced development team in opensource mainly php/mysql (lamp) based applications!
sorry i meant 5 straight losses at home. thanks for correcting me.
its burning them. what's funny is, they're 7-3 at turner this year, a place which usually bites them.
want to know how to make via for free? it's waiting for you @
thank you, tracy.
harsh. but funny.
i don't usually go the kid route but bart has a way of bringing it out of people
wondering what happened to wells fargo ceo john stumpf's hand. he hurt it playing with his grandkids.
i seriously doubt that is the cause of his hand injury. probably related to his rage
this is typical of the bizarre nature of most clinton foundation reporting, long on insinuation but with zero misco...
curious to see if taibbi can explain why this matters. no wrongdoing or even implication of it.
shamefully, i'd never heard of her and i clearly should have read her work before. any suggestions for where to start? old filth?
yes, definitely old filth
and what does it say of a man that comes with about 60 delegates? media aides, ministers, govs and kids for crying out loud!
thats just insane imho, all these pple are just wasting the scarce money, seating in high priced ny hotels doing nothing
now the whole world thinks you've seen my stones.
nope!! let's make that clear right now lol.
happy birthday to my dear dear friend, mentor, old editor, swami who is a great blessing to so many
love you, cal! (and you, too, pk-the-magical-capricorn) &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
"no harm. no foul" he was just a "home-grown" angry citizen not related to islam in any way." keep fooling yourselv...
deblasio needs to go he was put in by the globalist and we need to take our city back
yeah, but it doesn't look bad. like you said, it looks softer. is that bad?
i think its just a very dynamic change in art styles that people don't like because it is change.
you may choose to look at it however you wish, but remember we are in a recession, govt "cutting" down cost of governance.
i totally understand. the moral case should be that they dont have to waste the scarce resources just to be at the un/ny
don't worry folks! this company you've never heard of is trying to change a law you've never once thought about.
here's to the crazy ones!
checklist: -dnc memo on how 2 deal w/ -endorsement fr michael bloomberg -ties 2 bill bratton (teneo) -praising reagan +
but she did tell an ame church "i am in no ways tired" in a hokey southern accent so that makes her malcolm x
's stephen scharf on trends in ahead of : microsite:
more from stephen scharf for on communities &amp; preventing online attacks:
only in america. insurance for your insurance. sigh.
that "90% have deductible over $3k" is wrong, unless excludes subsidized, who are half the market. 1/
"i'm from new york, where, in lieu of avocados, grocery stores put out six hundred petrified dragon eggs.."
i just died reading this...so true!
you're definitely having dinner in san francisco when the men beside you mention: periscope, snapchat, industry acquisitions, vc gps, etc.
all in one dinner? yowza!
the know they have a qb sitting in their wr crew, right?
he's the emergency qb, settle down
guy: can i buy you a drink? me: come up with a smarter pick up line and i'll buy you the bar. guy:... me: that's what i thought...
buy me the bar and i'll give you a drink. ;)
clinton-backers could shame trump better for not holding a press conference in 56 days if she'd not taken 270(?) between hers
good boy sam - lets give another pass. the media's 2 favorite games - played by trump &amp; ignore trump transgressions
and while in a recession, shouldn't the president be cutting down the number of spectators?
definitely. all these people here does nothing, absolute nothing. he can come here with just 3 pple &amp; everything will be fine
send help i am on the last two episodes of the office
"please don't send dwight"
i would like to do something for learning ally
shall we link up next week? mkinsey.org looking forward!!!
yikes! please email us at gethelp.com with the store location. we'd like to assist,
just sent an email last night. thank you.
that "90% have deductible over $3k" is wrong, unless excludes subsidized, who are half the market. 1/
2/3 of marketplace enrollees either have cost sharing reduction or gold. none of them have deductibles &gt;$3k. 2/
before i officially upgrade to sierra, just please confirm that the empty trash sound remains the same. otherwise, i'm out.
they added an extra "crumble" but the paper making the noise had a bug, so they abandoned the task. you're good.
i was sad when i read the title last night. then i read it and was relieved.
neither of these ppl have a vision. this is a grudge match 4 empire crumbs.
happy 21st birthday to me
happy birthday cutie
oh god the mta has to do something, by the way how is the tracks down there
there's standing water, but that's been there forever
so important that those first workouts back after a long injury don't trigger fight or flight response.
i haven't done a workout in a year. any suggestions? they all terrify me. and tempos do not feel safe!
was doing mythic+2 maw last night and was about to do last boss with 18 minutes left and servers went down so we missed it feelsbadman
mythic maw +4 with bolstering and your shaman says "brb door"
have you or "a friend of yours" ever stolen a bike? we want to talk to you! get in touch: tipline.com
.... oc md chronicles
crooked question of the day!
nice portrait. what did that cost?
it's obvious why folks are kneeling in protest. the question is what kind of reparative justice could be done to invite them to stand again
sometimes i read one of your tweets and think "man i miss seeing him regularly." keep it coming.
goddammit brain, i don't need a whole new novel idea clanking around in there.
and it's starting to come together. i don't know if i should be pleased or pissed.
how have you never heard of fleetwood mac where have you been
i don't know but ever since calum tweeted about dreams i've been listening non-stop
come have a seat american tax payer, let me tell you how your bombs to israel destroyed my home on my land are yo...
sure. also tell me how the pa, again using taxpayer levies, pays a monthly pension to the families of terrorists.
it was consensual skinning!
*covers eyes* consensual..... skinning.........
california dreamin' of ever closing their pension gap even tho market at highs...funded ratio stagnant. hmmmm
how would calpers and other plans have evolved if these principles had been understood circa 1996?
show me someone who has done something worthwhile, and i'll show you someone who has overcome adversity.
your words of wisdom are usually right-on but this sentiment is less so. like other generalizations, not true in all cases.
also last time i checked underwriting profits aren't at all the norm across the insurance industry (tho of course varies)
pure nitpicking. think bigger
most likely, but its still annoying. atleast its not like ttg
i'm not quite familiar with the acronym and search results are yielding diverse possibilities. care to enlighten me?
the event has begun!!
tweeting from ...
you've been too far up luke's ass to know who fleetwood mac are lololololololol
hey, i know about a lot of other bands no one knows about! *sends scroll*
inspirational speech from
and : the foundation collaborate to increase the income of 300,000 farmers in
...the infection got into my blood stream and is causing me all kinds of problems.
..luckily i caught it cause you can actually die from this, so i'm on all antibiotics
link (german): ...
guenther froebel:
in playbook: trump gives ukraine the 'cold shoulder' at the un -- no meeting!
just send him a dollar and a pierogi
i need someone to make me a website..
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
check your tweets pokemaster!
oh your avatar is animated! i never see that on my phone!
is it bad i just made a hamilton reference bc you said "non-stop"
of course
1/ mike rothenberg allegedly wired $5.2 million from silicon valley bank without investor permission via
2/ didn't anyone simply do the math and ask where they were getting all this money
that's a thing...? weird.
...not a thing.
are some officers stupid enough to shoot more unarmed black men despite everything that has been going on for several years now?
i feel like the cases are less but people are more aware. how can people be so stupid with all that's out there.
is that a construction fence (the blank wall)? what's with the tall metal fence? high security area?
i think just to keep everything on the freeway out
i mean, i get the dream &amp; empathize with ending the 2-party monopoly. but like, the potus ballot is a terrible lever for that
exactly. i've voted for greens (who won!) for the water reclamation committee and whatnot. that's where it starts.
jimmy carter offers syria solution in nytimes: stop the killing | that's the extent of his basic proposal
from the peanut gallery........
seriously what's wrong with her? her eyes, her expression. something is going on with her.
parkinson's.
no! the death sentence was for not complying and being a immanent threat to the officers safety.
that's why they kill so many mentally ill people. another death sentence if u call the police. better off sending the fire dept
you fuckin lying
i said the same shit till it was confirmed smh.
(i'm a little skeptical of all these mars mission plans when we can't get the sound to work on a video...)
and the tech hasn't advanced toward fixing this issue for 35 years.
of work that darren's pr shouldve been doing. something along those lines
i went and saw. i have a lot of opinions. but i'll keep them to myself. i'm glad he did what's best for him tho.
mom calls cops on toddler who unbuckled her seat belt
...so, my friend called cops bcuz bthrm break needed &amp; man w/key would not comply
outside walks are much more fun anyway. treadmills are dull.
except when you live on top of a ridge and there is no flat ground. all down &amp; back up. need more conditioning
no that was in nyc i wasn't born yesterday the problem today is no one wants to abide by the laws of us
no that was in north miami while the unarmed black man was calming his autistic patient
2/3 of marketplace enrollees either have cost sharing reduction or gold. none of them have deductibles &gt;$3k. 2/
median deductible in marketplace is under $1000. higher of course for unsubsidized &amp; off-exchange. 4/
oh good grief .. you need a lesson in gifies .. what the heck is that .. a link to a gif phffttt ...
--- blow it out your pie hole, bitch! just now getting my coffee. . . so, booyah!
feign a sneeze and hit him with an elbow to the jaw.
would be great to use my hockey experience here.
emily blunt is in a new brief clip from . for more:
oh how i wish i could see a screening of this
hey hanging with at
the world is small. and full of belgians . enjoy guys!
i think cast away was the last movie he was in that i cared about.
i hated that movie so much
referring to a race as animals is racist!
there are civilized whites, blacks, asians, mexicans, etc... then we have terrorist groups like blm.
that article is filled with falsehoods. check out the comments.
ok. will do. thanks for the heads up about the article.
yeah. largely hot air. nothing all that exciting... yet.
the boj is practically begging for a fed rate hike... be careful what you wish for.
very cool. tough to compete w/ fb messenger though.
it's a wild west right now... imessage is going to be tough as well. love this space. should be a fun ride.
cricket south africa issues new racial selection policy. &gt;
...what the capitalist world is trying to simply say is "would you please hire someone else besides your 1st cousins!"
his grand plan worked for half a day domestically, but didn't fool the rest of the world's investors. he's flailing in dramatic fashion.
he's begging for a fed rate hike. just be careful what you wish for.
update: man wounded after trying to enter israeli embassy in turkey with knife
don't believe the father he wants our sympathy and he wants us to think he is on our side don't believe it they r good actors.
movie was crazy! what's crazier is, i can see that happening in real life
...it kind of is already
the girl sitting next to me in college level english just asked what language they speak in london....
now she's talking about he she dated at 24 year old at 14
and still in it.
*syndergaard
frustration just reached a new level. sorry to vent, but man this is over the top today!!!!
// truly sorry to hear that. hope you're able to get settled in your new digs soon.
well, its a tropical region with the story being ash is going to school. seems like another soft reboot.
my point i people don't like change and this is a dynamic change, so the negative reaction is natural.
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
america will always be great!
2/ didn't anyone simply do the math and ask where they were getting all this money
3/ with all the smart people in the valley and advisors how did nobody raise the red flag
median deductible in marketplace is under $1000. higher of course for unsubsidized &amp; off-exchange. 4/
for entire aca-compliant market, median av is around 75%. guessing median deduct $2k 5/
i feel like i'm at the front end at ! this beautiful display here to celebrate their 120th!...
somerthings missing....... yankee doodles
displaying the temperament of a 300lb bull lesbian with blue hair is a fine indicator of how amused you are
dance for me, monkey boy. i'm not amused nearly enough. please continue.
salpal with the specs. now evvvverybody wants to be carson wentz
soon everyone will be wearing them to make it look like they know what they are talking about!
"if an investor's framework doesn't match with ours, we won't take it. we'll say no. it's just that simple."
...would you all puleez hire someone else besides your first cousins please
smack the phone out of his hand, then when he instinctively tries to get it pull his shirt over his head and commence punching.
.....and get arrested. hahaha.....thanks joe!!
class started at 8 it's 8:06 i'm giving ol girl 2 more mins to walk in this bitch or i'm out
she gets til 8:15 at least bro lol
my point i people don't like change and this is a dynamic change, so the negative reaction is natural.
also worth noting some of the screen capped images are not zoom-ins of the background. some close-ups and inbetweens.
great job! wasn't sure what i was watching! - thought your phone was hacked.. ;) glad you're feeling better
thank you so much mr. g! think i still have long way 2 go 4 a tv career. i'll stick 2 doing pension,401k for aea mbrs!
i wrote this comparing khadijah (older woman as wife) vs aishah (used by clerics to justify child "brides").
also she was the mother of fatima, she spent her entire wealth on islam, shias consider khadija much higher in stature
time to hate watch scream queens i guess.
i really enjoyed the first season. but the episode last night was ok. didn't know where they were going with it at first.
never seen otherwise-smart people in so much denial about something as they are about trump's chances. same mistake...
also-predictwise is supposed to be the gold standard? really?
if you kill anyone in avoidable cos they don't look like you, even if the human court of law doesn't convict you, heavens court will.
if you kill anyone in avoidable circumstances or out of racism &amp; the human justice system acquits you, remember, god's judgement awaits you!
i hope you're going to edinburgh. so much hp irl
oh yeah, one hundo!! i love the city. any must check out harry potter places? haven't thought much about that part!
just in: doj opening independent investigation into use of force by tulsa police department in police-involved sho...
3 cops one a drug recognition expert (she get high?) total surrender and watch them do their own inspection. murder cold blood.
listen to this world by zero 7 on .
speaking of the u.k., is too expensive there. $9.99/month is ok. the family price is ok. 9.99/month is not so affordable.
. why did you and treat with such disrespect? where are the funds raised to rebuild that country?
she wont help haiti. she'll only "help" herself.
omg. bush was president you dumb ass.
i am enjoying every character you write lately. hilarious!!!!!
speaking of the u.k., is too expensive there. $9.99/month is ok. the family price is ok. 9.99/month is not so affordable.
but maybe they have to include vat.
following verbal instructions is so easy even a cave man could do it. it will same many lives, black, brown or white.
no it isn't. not when you're in shock. yeah, that happens sometimes.
its just been so widespread, though, for an anime/cartoon meant for kids.
it's so common though for adults that are fans of things aimed at children to point out flaws and take the fun out of it.
i know that and i appreciate everything that you and jessie has done for me and my kids
if you did that why would you do that than and don't say that you don't know because you know exactly why
oh boy i'm people have been praising this case and i immediately love where it might go
yeah case 3 is kind of what had me feeling this game the most
that looks like in the background!!
haha! doppelgnger! i am clean shaven atm
....i left my water bottle in the cinema. why do i live.
hey time to go shopping again
i wrote this comparing khadijah (older woman as wife) vs aishah (used by clerics to justify child "brides").
she was the prophet's most beloved wife according to shias, sunnis say it was aisha
the pentax k-1 has the world's most over-engineered lcd display
are those pistons???
dad always keeps me up to date on current events
lol. your dad is beyond cool!
but maybe they have to include vat.
apple needs to be paying some taxes in the u.k., but if they're passing it on to their users by charging 9.99/month for streaming, ugh.
do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning.
hillary is a fraud criminal and a globalist she needs to lose and lose big to send a strong message go trump
i'm dead tryna find that video of the dude who kissed the girl on the cheek on twitter so i can laugh right now
that was so dumb and sad.
for real? when i left work yesterday there were a ton of cops there. looked like a meet or something
yeah bro chump told me he said the bodies were rotting
good morning friend
goodmorning friend. hope your day isn't as disappointing as the dark depths of your soul.
displaying the temperament of a 300lb bull lesbian with blue hair is a fine indicator of how amused you are
also, your bull lesbian thing cracks me up. i suspect one stole your girlfriend, hence your view of them.
have you ever considered the possibility that men and women dress differently because they dress like they want?
they are living in a marxian state of false consciousness
done and done. thank you for reaching out :)
ok thanks. please check dm.
yea u can leave after 15
she gon get there at 8:14 and mark that ass clean absent
this is very good:
the trump campaign creates fear: fear of muslims, mexicans, blacks, democrats, hillary clinton, so they can "save" &amp; control us.
nothing frustrates me more than people that don't take me seriously as a youtuber. i get it...i don't have 1000 subs..but still!!
only a matter of time.
i had pizza for the first time in almost a month and it wasn't as delicious as it should've been and i'm worried something's wrong with me.
conspiracy theory
this is typical of the bizarre nature of most clinton foundation reporting, long on insinuation but with zero misco...
strange grimaldi didn't try to report on impact of haiti network. report:...
what was your longest "digital break" you ever had? would be great if you could answer.... thanks!
three days in patagonia in 2014.
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
thanks for the rt dan. love that you shared it with others.
i have a very strong dislike for the eagles
and seattle
i was just in a bad plac please believe me
kiara you always use that as an excuse you need to stop because let's be for real
oh my...ahhhhhh! no!!!!
most evil snap chat ever? kind of like villian in new mask program.
hey . now that the ink is dry we can work on having getting your head back for you and adding...
shut up already. you both suck.
do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning.
go trump please don't give up on ny
ex-extremist: bombing suspect's pakistan trip should have 'raised alarm bells' in us
but it never does so you should pursue the whys
tweet me sexual gifs and i'll retweet them
you naughty girl
no it isn't. not when you're in shock. yeah, that happens sometimes.
having several guns pointed at u isn't the same experience as a typical traffic stop.
not sure scotty bowman could've done much with this group.
if only kessel could score he probably could have made the team
the opening scene was the biggest batch of bullshit insanity.
i hope it's not like ahs where they feel the need to come back because of ratings.
no matter how many times i brush my teeth, the mets always leave a bad taste in my mouth after games like these
i was at the game son...i was tryin to throw hands with any braves fan i saw
smack ass month is lit dude
facts, but only in middle school
it's true, your guess is as good as mine!
sometimes there are answers.
sg ban ki moon congratulates the 29 member states that have signed the
when will nigeria sign the paris agreement?
haha nope, i just woke up! luckily so did my ride
just wanted to show you want the key chain look like
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
thanks greetje for sharing my story. i hope it helps others.
yeah i guess. it's so much overkill but also so awesome
does it feel as fragile as it looks? curious why this route vs any number of previously effective designs...
fuck me hard and fuck me deep
only if we can film it :)
grifters stick together! donald trump stands by chris christie despite revelations in bridge closing trial
they make a cute couple.
ok fine i was on drugs i did meth and heroin ok is that what you want to hear huh i'm a fucking addict and i need help
well maybe if you would have came to me i would have helped you and your ass knew that
couple of questions about the shooting: did fb actually disable his daughters page or did she take it down?
couple of questions about the shooting: what's the truth about him being armed -- not that it matter nc is open carry.
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
ivor thanks for the rt. i love connection with others who love to compete at work and outside. i hope my story will help.
was reminded yesterday that i've already bought a cream turtleneck for f/w so all that torture over the rl was useless.
thank god, i couldn't sleep last night worrying about this.
hate when i don't want to wake up from a dream, because it's just that good that i want to continue being in it, but then i wake up out of
nowhere and can't fall back into the dream
i think it because i still follow fadiakader so i don't see any stories that's why i said i must be tardy lol
oh ig story happened :: /
remember this ...
i remember, after saved that family on the bridge
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
thanks don for sharing my story. awesome that you did so. :)
give a double and put it on my tab. tough loss tonight.
timely knocks by our bats! thank god!
built fortune entirely on fraud it's more likely than an audit that irs is investigating trump for...
yup, all smoke and mirrors!
i stayed at an amazing in split if you need any recommendations!
also i think it was like $50 a night??? and as nice as a hotel.
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
love it nguni. hustle away and thanks for sharing my story. it was a little hustle and grind as well.
who knows how to create apps bc i just got a really good idea for one and idk how to do that stuff lol
yes, we can certainly help you in creating your dream app. share details via
it is too early for class
its too early to be awake
still i wonder, does that mean you've got access to the 2nd dlc outfits? are we getting those too?
oh, nah the sengoku outfits didn't unlock :(
get them sista!!! proud of you
thanks ollllz!!
ooh love a trip on the staten island ferry, did you get off and straight back on ?
me too! this was actually taken on a seperate boat trip that takes you right past. we did get off in si and stayed a while!
i know you would i fucked up ok how times do i have to say sorry
sorry not going to cut it
woke up knowing that was you god. new beginnings.
good morning beautiful
yeah, but again. this just seems bigger than usual.
that's only because of the circles you're in. in the grander scheme of things, it's not that big of a deal.
cant wait for the flood of moronic "its our game" tweets
ha i truly enjoy trolling those tweets and letting them know hockey is more loved in nashville than quebec.
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
thanks for the rt accodex. awesome that you did so.
sorry for their troubles, but i'm just happy i don't have to hear the weird name ever again.
ha! don't worry, the press has many weaknesses but they're great at inventing irritating tags like this. wait for the next one!
don't worry. secretary was fired on the spot for that typo.
your managers would never have done a practice schedule with a typo. karl fogel blasted me once for a typo in practice sked
i can never afford them until they go on clearance. thankfully, clearance makes everyone happy.
clearance is a gift from the gods
if you're not into big fat cases i highly recommend 's airskin.
thanks omar! i've heard of spigen and love their products, but am def looking for a slim option. do you own one?
so i might get a ticket in the mail that i ate a light... but it was yellow wwww and the flash still went off
you out here rubbing lights and shit lol
we never have class on friday and she brought us breakfast today
i'm we we're all wondering. glad we know now.
emerging trends in , part 2 with executives from
would love to check this out, but the link doesn't appear to work, can you please post a new one?
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
fixing healthcare, and stopping government from stealing social security tax money to run government is correct. not repeal
congrats and team...
thanks! and thanks for being there!
never seen otherwise-smart people in so much denial about something as they are about trump's chances. same mistake...
please stop with the brexit comparison. it's so lazy. the united states is not britain. this was always gonna be a close race
i never thought in the usa so many would celebrate being deplorable.. is a lying thieving liar
lol..wow..do you understand the true reason behind that or nah? i can explain further if you'd like...
that "90% have deductible over $3k" is wrong, unless excludes subsidized, who are half the market. 1/
source of error is avg silver deduct, but that's w/out csr. 90% of mplace silver enrollees have csr 6/
what would the secondary bread be? a nice rye, perhaps? a pumpernickel?
in manhattan a good secondary bread is marble rye!!
its too late i made up my mind and shes dope quit hating please
ha! she said it best, stop being a haterrrrrrrr.
please........ keep me in your prayers
this math test finna be the end of me
the star ratings disappearing feom ios 10
ah, yeah, they got rid of it. sooooo upset.
host and fan will be on . reply with questions for him, and we might ask them live!
i love but your guests much better. same casting director?
i was behind the scenes at for "member berries," which came within 1 hour of not making it to air.
member the first episode of south park?
report on raphael guerreiro's flying start to life at borussia dortmund, with thanks to ...
i'm not overly enthusiastic, but i did suggest that they should just give him the ballon d'or before freiburg match
you're too beautiful fr i watch your sc story and 's everyday hoping to see you in there too im dead serious
thanks love
right? i love this version.
did i get y'all into petal back in january?
couple of questions about the shooting: what's the truth about him being armed -- not that it matter nc is open carry.
couple of questions about the shooting: were the involved officers wearing body , if so where's that footage?
"rising terrorism fears" cc rt "'multiple' explosive devices found..."
ponder this milady: his ilk did 9/11? wtc 1,2,7 down in their footprints?
that is absolutely not ok. please send us with more details about this incident and we will follow up shortly.... 1/2
are you following up on this?
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
thanks michael for the rt of my story. i hope you have an amazing day. :)
you mean freedom fighters ?
sure lets call them that. are the irish freedoming you?
dear , pls do you any young nigerian doing work with the ? or any one of the 17 . plz hit me up cc
you can check our feature on the site!
your hero trump's in court for child rape on oct. 14th and federal racketeering on nov 28th
don't but the hype!!! hillary sold u and ever american out she and bill r thugs 42 deaths surround them wake up man
hah well except the pinky now
man can live without a pinky. it's the thumbs you don't wana lose.
"bucky bleeping dent" have you read the book by ??? great read.
what happens as that fateful moment happens is brilliantly written!
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
mr. trump, you must make a strong statement condemning russian aggression against un civilians.
nothing worse than twitter during basketball season.
you got a month and some change before its lit again
pence gives no specifics on why trump foundation story is inaccurate
sure was just as surprised when this news broke. not a good place to b discovering that his vp ticket is w a conman!
robbing a walmart is a form of protest? protesters break into walmart after shutting down part of i-85
racist!! nothing says social justice more than a new 60" led tv, and a few 40s.
that graph only goes to 2025. look at projections to 2100. the moderate one is 5f (3c) by that year. not 1c....
. click the "climate projections tab" to see the three different options depending on how much we curb emissions.
may it be hypnotically pleasant
well thanks
cheap hits then scrum/facewash ..announcers and fans get gitty over the "intensity" ..what a joke ...but hey no fighting so progress
as a die very hard fan nothing made disappear quicker than some leather to the face.
hah well except the pinky now
i got a guatemalan friend that'll give you his pinky for about $27.45
honestly i don't like the whole multiple title reigns=greatness to me its how long you hold the title not how many times you get it
if done right it can be a mixture of both
look: teacher stomps on american flag during class
teacher should be fired and fired quick send a message to these liberals
supporting bae &amp; her nyc adventures! ilysm
awwwwww i'm so flattered!! love ya!
the charlotte, nc, cop whose killing of a black man prompted protests is also black, the mayor's office says...
black lives r becoming a pain in the ass. just obey the fucking laws and this won't happen
. click the "climate projections tab" to see the three different options depending on how much we curb emissions.
i was born in 1977, so i might not live to the year 2100, but my niece &amp; nephew when they grow up might have kids who should.
when i'm in europe, doing conf calls, i noticed sf ppl wake up two hours before boulder ppl. makes a difference.
they're just in nyc :)
you're killing me tara. ha. just trying to make a point
haha. i just think the guy's had his name spelled wrong enough this year.
one doesn't need to be a rocket scientist... sanders was told what to do &amp; complied. as did almost all in our corrupted gov
i don't think he had a choice. lol...no one has done as much as bernie for the people
tony perkins slams charlotte mayor jennifer roberts for refusing to repeal her city's ... -
total ap bullshit.just like our congress, mccrory attempting to ride his bigoted agenda on another's back
i never thought in the usa so many would celebrate being deplorable.. is a lying thieving liar
3 strikes your out, super-predators, blacks should come to heel, told blm she'll only talk to whites/get a job/ i can go on..
i expect continuity from when it comes to going for the 16th title. jon stewart needs to at get involved at .
lets face facts that its gonna happen...maybe not at no mercy but its gonna happen
&amp; then there's this: a house museum of alt histories (which doesn't exist, so far as i know, but should!)...
i love this idea!
need me a smart boyfriend
but you have a smart girlfriend wyd ?
i was born in 1977, so i might not live to the year 2100, but my niece &amp; nephew when they grow up might have kids who should.
anyway, if got elected and "unsigned" the paris climate treaty and moved backwards &amp; china followed, it could be worse.
guess i can't trust nobody round here.
this looks amazing. so excited already ready for season two.
i'll be here in artist alley! who's coming??
i will!! any cool prints this year?
thoughts on gender and ?
definitely not promising at a glance, but like any study i prefer to see the data first hand to understand the numbers
need to make an app
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app.our pf email to leads.com
also, i've been watching good morning america for 23 minutes and they've yet to mention any of these police involved shootings
they only talk about them once riots and protests have commenced.
i'm in government rn i should be paying attention but no i'm gonna tweet you about how uncultured you are
i am cultured! you should see the people at my schoolgo back to class child
today is a good day! thx
soo jealous of storme once again chatting with kiefer this morn. loving the conversation! cool guy!
it just took me 5 minutes to order a plain bagel with cream cheese and bacon over the phone at the cow.....
shocking of course my order was wrong to :))))
may have found a fix. toggle "most recent messages on top"
most recent messages on top fixed it
you're wrong. we created the entire mess were in by silence is complicency
you don't even have a real name or picture up. i see..so you're fake profile is helping with the silence? please..
my friend pointed out that i'm in this video a few times, that's cool
nothing like a nice morning flex!
someone should build a service that makes it easy to lookup anyone's passwords for an email address. let's shatter false sense of security.
would be a nice addition to
of course to busy to be in nyc too busy to see my love
i'm here all week, dear!
overheard yelled on street in new york (with no irony whatsoever): "you know the song brown eyed girl? that's about a girls's butthole!"
i always thought it was about a girl into analingus. "she got brown-eyed"... that kinda thing.
thoughts on gender and ?
in my (largely u.s.) experience, women are dominant in the science-art field
fuck all deplorables.. funny thinking trump owes nothing except 650 mil to china &amp;millions to russia.ur duped
lol..you support a globalist who is owned by wall street and foreign donors..how does a public servant become a millionaire???
wow, you really aged
hahahaha. sorry, i should've clarified--that's his mom.
my phone translated it to "how many can you name?"
it basically is asking do you know how many people are in this pic.
i'm mad at cops so let me steal a tv from walmart..it makes perfect since.
it's the non family unit and grandma raising 6 kids.let's talk about the 1% of bad cops ...
need massive housebuilding+public housing, not "housing tax credits." need a gbi, not the wishful thinking of "job creation." so outdated
we've been automating+offshoring for decades, yet a prescription from our pols is "create magical good-paying jobs"
if u don't know by now what's happening the result will b why 259 holocaust museums were built. not to remember the dead
you can move along now.:)
curb alert!! i took the tub of aquaphor but the rest is still there.
relevant: a 2 bd apartment in my neighborhood costs $1,000,000
ppr rankings aren't showing up. just std.
fixed thanks
i am so so sorry. at least it's friday. oh, it's not?? awwww fuck :(
right waking up was like satur....nope....fri?....nope ugh
hey guys... hey guys, guess what day it is? iiiiiiiit's... wednesday. i've always hated that joke.
reading this tweet makes me feel like i got
omg this conversation
you both inspire me for different reasons. i'm spongebob. mostly happy but when i'm sad my eyes are floodgates
as you should. these guys have been killing us
5-8 in the line up isnt producing. bruce has to go
so erick won't vote this election, is that right? erick, god allowed trump for a reason. pray again bc you missed it
yes tenia he missed it. obama addressing the un last night bashing trump was deplorable and i cried
how do i eat something almost as big as my head?
great seeing you!
. and go after each other on terrorism.
ah the new america. after 9/11 we came together. now tear apart.
samantha bee condemned nbc and jimmy fallon for putting donald trump on "the tonight show"
samantha bee is a bee, a little bee
need massive housebuilding+public housing, not "housing tax credits." need a gbi, not the wishful thinking of "job creation." so outdated
we will *never* be able to create those in the *numbers necessary* to give people a decent standard living. never.
anyway, if got elected and "unsigned" the paris climate treaty and moved backwards &amp; china followed, it could be worse.
the cmip3 climate model data (2007) projection to 2100 for high growth (a2) is a rise of almost 7.5f (&gt;4c) by 2100.
15 years ago today, started the healing process.
i was there and i'll
arab deaths matter depending on who killed them
and when arabs kill each other there is nothing.
it's better to be slapped by the truth than kissed with a lie.
yes!!!! keep it real... always
central banks seem to be coming around to the idea that crushing the financial sector's profitability is probably not economic stimulus.
definitely not for manhattan real estate...
the japanese dwarf flying squirrel
hermosas !!
buccaneers rb doug martin (hamstring) expected to miss three weeks, reports
big injury for our matchup
thoughts on gender and ?
i'll be interested to see what happens next year!
macro fox and macro falco receiving a hero's welcome form citizens of corneria. (mayar's commission arts for me.)
hero's welcome? they destroyed half the town fucking each other.
fuck randy he's been dry for the way 7 years
i hope brock concusses him again
we will *never* be able to create those in the *numbers necessary* to give people a decent standard living. never.
the harsh truth that many people will have bad jobs or no jobs and will simply need to be given money for life is too much for many pols
the cmip3 climate model data (2007) projection to 2100 for high growth (a2) is a rise of almost 7.5f (&gt;4c) by 2100.
and if you look all the way on the left of the climate model projection with historical data, you can see the dip from 1990-2.
this bash is a bit like a graduation event... shake ban's hand, pose for the parents and then head off for a beer
maybe a bit too early for beers though...
let congress and senators have only treatment at the va ..drop how quickly it improves..
see how quickly...
no one gets fired?
nope. seems like a job in u.s. bureaucracy is a "till death do us part" job.
so asked about the "three kardashians" he claims to have slept with
brand new tune star
no lie this actually happens to me a lot
its hard out here for a glitch
big injury for our matchup
i have charles simms
twin pines this morning.
morning charles!! beautiful picture!! so peaceful &amp; i' am sure quite, wish i was joining u 4 a cup of jo &amp; some conversation
my cat has discovered a reliable way to get my attention: start chewing on a random electronics cable connector.
my baby starting doing this before 6 months. smart lil critters we've got.
the harsh truth that many people will have bad jobs or no jobs and will simply need to be given money for life is too much for many pols
still stuck with the "ability to have a decent life must be earned through the market" thinking, even when the market cannot provide for all
yes, it is. and to speak to your question, he would support police, yet work hard to support african american communities. problem?
my imagination must be more vivid. i imagine him responding with brute force and enflaming the situation.
..field. ezra could benefit from a more aggressive ride from carmouche. 10-1a-11-7 closes the day in the 9th.
i'd watch the track at philly for sat the last couple penn derby cards they souped the track up.i don't get why tracks do this.
bigfoot ft rae - moonraker rmx on live from nyc #
brand new tune star
and if you look all the way on the left of the climate model projection with historical data, you can see the dip from 1990-2.
the koch brothers and oil companies lied to you by sowing doubt, but 99.7% of climate scientists agree with .
mother of god!
can i buy this off your store?
many years ago i learned not to use the same username on multiple message boards. "stonetear" is learning that lesson today.
what a bunch of shitheads.
join &amp; myself tonight 9/21 for a great game at ! 6:...
hmmmm where do giants get their fur from?
about to interview . any q's for him?
the twitter thumb makes chair look like big booty.
. on "three ways industrial designers are like ux designers"
hey. thanks for the retweet. i meant to give you a heads up on the pic first! :)
red state haters, is trump too narcissistic to realize that others are counter-punching him?
thanks for the mention! please follow back! visit us for good music, books, photos, ideas at
birds of a feather!! scalawags!! donald trump stands by chris christie despite revelations in bridge closing trial
600lbs of bs right there!
thank you to everyone who nominated me for best twitter account named after a rochester neighborhood &lt;shakes own hand, buys myself a coffee&gt;
i can't think of anyone who deserves it more!
number of homeless in the streets up massively under mayor
three were sleeping in the hudson river park entrance on 12th street this morning as i went biking
been thinking about using react router v4 as a replacement for state management. ex: modal windows. now i can keep that state in the url
vs having to track that state in redux or component state. this simplifies my code, makes modals, menus, panels accessible by typing a url
i have charles simms
you can have jesus it still wont help you
i've done my rehearsal and am in the speaker lounge at so i guess it's too late to back out!
if you come across my peeps and say hi!
congrats! chosen for 2 support .
thank you! :)
taper section at the dead c
one of those was me!
"we're driving gold-plated rolls royces, but it's the west's fault that you're poor and hungry." 'yes, this makes sense.'
good thing americans aren't so easily duped...
wizkid, tekno, yemi alade &amp; more get mobo awards 2016 nominations, view full list @
brand new tune star
i made if you want to try an alternative?
i've been looking at that actually. does it get around the issues with fieldsarray that redux forms has?
more freedom to be me on twtr than fb; fb small but have lot of fam, close friends; twtr big but only 2 ppl know me outside social media....
1 is my niece who lives outside atl; other person who knows me is , who sez i inspire lunacy (in good way).
this promoted tweet shows walls built in melilla - spanish city in africa - and also that walls don't work to keep...
unfortunately, fear mongering works. america is the land of using fear to preach freedom.
scientists say queen's "don't stop me now" is the most feel-good song ever written
ah, those were the days. when rock n roll fashion left little to the imagination.
how many people at wells fargo are going to jail? zero. but if you smoke marijuana in this country, you get a criminal record.
that's because wells fargo execs clearly on crack
source of error is avg silver deduct, but that's w/out csr. 90% of mplace silver enrollees have csr 6/
correction: about 80% of silver enrollees in marketplace have csr. 90% of subsidized enrollees do. 7/
today's cover: jennifer aniston knew brangelina would end one day
you guys are pathetic
the koch brothers and oil companies lied to you by sowing doubt, but 99.7% of climate scientists agree with .
if you want to argue about percentages, it's at least 90% of professional scientists.
civil war ii is astounding
bendis can't write an event to save his life.
maybe because it would be a bit slower as you would need to unlock your phone as well?
ah so it's not just proximity.
the judge who performed our courthouse ceremony looked exactly like laura roslin and i felt the lords of kobol were...
perfection.
i wonder what this was once used for......?
beating attackers, on the street?!
i am curious to how you go about handling this situation.
play the tournament in late august, with finals on tuesday-wednesday-friday of 1st week of sept
oh dear, we hope they got this sorted quickly!
s'all good. impressive hustle by your staff to clean up. no dramas.
shout out to and for making some of the best tech events in nyc happen. key players in the growing ecosystem.
was a good time, thanks for getting us involved
check out by here &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
star is out
yeah, it's a format issue. i have the same problem -- send to my mac, export from quicktime and re-upload
hmmm-- it is just a short 18 sec video taken with my iphone and on my camera roll. shouldn't that work?
not this time got an 86 beyer for winning the iroquois yesterday for . a half brother to liam's map.
i guess to get fast times but who wants to bet when every horse is wire to wire..makes it hard to cap then jocks gun to lead.
i've been looking at that actually. does it get around the issues with fieldsarray that redux forms has?
namely getting values in the tree (possibly rerenders, have to check it isn't me)
three were sleeping in the hudson river park entrance on 12th street this morning as i went biking
it's out of control. the difference in the last few years is astounding.
obama asked gop voters, "are you happy with your candidate ?" hell yeah, are you happy with yours?
- thank you for your service. it would be an honor to stand with you any time sir.
sometimes i consider starting a private twitter/blog/something, but then realize it'll be pointless at the beginning (0 followers) and then
once i do start to get a few followers i'll become super self-conscious of who is following me and it'll affect my account.
check out by here &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
star is out
this is 2 gnarly i cant believe betty just dipped on me. im almost giggling coz she left me so prepared to master life
baby, my deepest condolences! i'm so sorry for your loss.
update: totes do hate myself
push through
. claims odds have shifted; puts chances of holding senate at "better then fifty-fifty." ...
ok david this is the same man who predicted a romney win in 2012 even after votes were counted was in denial!
today turned into one of those days where i wish i had someone to hug me on demand.
that's what s are for.
it works on our end? :/
not here :(.. nyc
here's the 2nd
heres product page
who gave one person the power to change the dates of the zodiac signs and ruin everyone's lives forever
it's not real!!
woman sitting with her pet cheetah having tea at a caf, paris, 1963.
cheetah looks miserable.
rockur! "if you want to be happy, make others happy!" dada vaswani
thanks for the mention! please follow back! visit us for good music, books, photos, ideas at
innocent until proven guilty, but a judge didn't throw out the child rape case after a 2nd hearing
really a democratic judge again if true hillary loving media would be all over this lets we the facts
fall is here- last chance to put on our hiking boots and explore before the snow sets in! do you enjoy hiking?
only with you!
imitation is the best form of flattery, and i must say i'm very honored.
yo did you ever peep the ad?
it fed on xenophobia, but didn't sink to the level of suggesting that an obama presidency would be/is literally illegitimate.
"so jumping to "she started birtherism!" is just paranoid extrapolation. this bad thing is true, so all bad things must be true.
drew logical conclusion based on yr risible statements abt ppl unlike u,scare quotes
your tender concern for yourself,however,is duly noted.
really looking forward to yours!
thanks, looking forward to catching up.
no. iphone apps. can't recall why i made this statement tho.
ah, just remembered.
breaking news: i've consulted my extensive army of close friends &amp; insiders - and still don't have a clue what really happened.
where's when you need him?
i'm interested! btw looking forward to this weekend.
thanks bob! the show is going to be awesome.
if you lived in biblical times, you'd be calling jesus a false prophet and calling for us to disavow his oppressive teaching
i would disagree. jesus' teachings were the opposite of oppression. what teachings do u think i'd find oppressive of jesus'?
wednesdaywave to all my fab re tweeters
thanks for the mention, folks! please follow back! visit us for good music, books, photos, ideas at
neteruai kartah are not representative of orthodox jews just like isis not represent religious muslims
new discovery: arafat paid off neturei karta leader
. shows where his priorities are, delays visit to bombing site so he can workout via
at least it wasn't a full hour. he didn't use the steam room today!
good morning! happy wednesday. thoughts on the day? suggestions? don't forget about sronline tonight right after -busy day
the conflict in syria has always been a proxy war between usa &amp; russia. why is america supporting insurgents?
come to florida, it's been weird here for years
well it would be the 20yr anniversary since i "rescued" my sister from there and got her to move back to northeast ;)
max was pretty excited about his first day of school this morning! he starts in the casa...
so handsome!
are you planning or willing to have a concert at carnegie hall? if so, i'm coming!!
of course, you had a plan!
how's that? do you mean journos benefited by feeding their respective press machines or actually getting fees waived?
journalistic entities, not individual reporters benefiting personally in any way.
"so jumping to "she started birtherism!" is just paranoid extrapolation. this bad thing is true, so all bad things must be true.
and yes, that belongs in the teeth radios column, along with "she has secret illnesses" and "she's been a ghost the whole time!"
i got home at 3am, go to sleep, and randomly wake up at 6am craving pizza......the fak?
i crave pizza all the time. how could you not?
. the answer to... the things we worry about or the joke that she'd call some guy on the internet?
i don't care about the guy on the internet do you?
neteruai kartah are not representative of orthodox jews just like isis not represent religious muslims
what sickos. neturei karta leader attended iran's holocaust denial conference
we have to represent
brand new tune star is out
feeling this:
a little boost as i start day two of jury duty:
she's a traitor
are we surprised
you rock! thank you so much!
my pleasure! such a wonderful organization.
you?! white pizza?!? i'm putting on my surprised face too!
it's cheese! i love cheese lol.
good morning! happy wednesday. thoughts on the day? suggestions? don't forget about sronline tonight right after -busy day
those moderate insurgents we armed in syria are now the isis we should fear most. how is that smart foreign policy
human desires may be infinite, but the need for human labor isn't. pure automation + complementarity means *fewer* workers. that's it
you don't need to automate/complement/consolidate the whole workforce for "job creation" as the answer to poverty to become nonsense.
it's cool that hillary is talking to white people, but yo. i'm so sick of hearing about good honorable policemen
who cares about "good, honorable, cool-headed police officers" when police continue to kill black ppl indiscriminately
what a great way to celebrate a wedding anniversary! god is truly good!
great picture of you and your beautiful wife charlie!!:):)
long story short, i've gone through a handful of mental hurdles in the past year related to motivation and want to share my advice.
i'm well aware that my advice should be taken with a grain of salt, but there always is the off-chance that something i say helps someone.
i need the best web designer ever! i built myself &amp; i struggled thru the entire process.
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
no response ! pl send me ur contact details on my mail vipintyagi145.com or send a mail id where i can share my num
hi vipin! we will follow up with our customer service department !
i was walking around campus for maybe an hour and a half on a saturday and saw it at least 3 different times
bruh it's literally the dumbest thing ever lol
| shawty lo killed in hit-and-run accident.
gotta play this on repeat today.
only girls out there hating on fashionnova are the ones whos parents &amp;or boyfriend pay for all their shit, some of us pay bills.
who hates fashionnova ?! i love everything
basically, the theory is: your failure to wear a suit says you aren't moral enough to deserve or demand human rights and equal protection.
i'm convinced that they are coming for the suits next...
we have to represent
brand new tune is outstanding
and we should only give the vote to rugby players
and this is direction from the judge right? as opposed to lawyers trying to weed out people.
just in time for the end of mission... wine! :d
i would save a bottle for another 6 years till 67p comes back ;)
first the ecb leaves it unchanged now, the boj...seems like they know something we don't
yes, the boj's shift in priorities from the yen to banking sector health is incredibly telling.
islamic terror suspect known to fbi uses ied to injure 29 and psych damage to millions in nyc. obama praises the reactive arrest as success.
- i said obama was a dangerous man 8 yrs ago. every day i warn people, check out my profiles les stowe / lloyd stowe facebook
i can live with that.
hillary confirmed to speak at 2pm est in orlando..will it be broadcast anywhere?
true patriarchy does not involve violence and injustice. stop using straw men.
patriarchy always leads to injustice, &amp; the exclusion of women in certain opportunities. if often leads to abuse as well.
also grabbed an amazing big foot t-shirt from . it's, uh, augmented reality. you have to see these.
thanks! i appreciate the support
a little boost as i start day two of jury duty:
also: you should probably be following on sc.
you don't need to automate/complement/consolidate the whole workforce for "job creation" as the answer to poverty to become nonsense.
just needs to be a critical mass of jobs, and i'd argue that we're already past that point. j
oh man, the feels with this album! this is a must every year for me.
yes it always is that time of year
as an oop-person i'm quite offended by that illustration &gt;:(
it seems twisted to me, but that may just be my blind-spot speaking
just needs to be a critical mass of jobs, and i'd argue that we're already past that point. j
job creation will never again be the answer to poverty.
who can make me a website something simple but quick
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
who cares about "good, honorable, cool-headed police officers" when police continue to kill black ppl indiscriminately
it's maddening to have to hear all the caveats about how good police generally are. nah. fuck that.
anyone know anybody who can make a bomb website?
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
i want to create my own music magazine/website. who would be interested?
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
brian. dean. john. thank you for your service. but it's time. waaaaay past time to get new thinking into usa hockey.
happy that coach cappy was kept off the bench..far removed from the blame.
updated my website. tell all yer friends who have $$ &amp; need design work that i'm around
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
i don't think fallon should have dehumanized . that's being obtuse. what i dislike is he didn't ask tough que...
nobody asks tough questions if anyone. matt lauer grilled clinton on emails, interrupted, &amp; also didn't ask trump tough q's.
thanks. hopefully i won't need to lawyer up. i know this isn't as big of life crisis as other are dealing with so...
// it's all relative so your frustration is understandable. let's hope for the best.
2. is that the end of the analysis?
well, in the absence of any direct evidence, your reasoning kind of just sounds like one of those videos about "false flags."
. no matter how much knowledge i accumulate, i still prefer &amp; .
the discression of common sense by a man like will work (he's never hated muslims he worked with)
i don't think fallon should have dehumanized . that's being obtuse. what i dislike is he didn't ask tough que...
nobody asks tough questions of anyone. matt lauer grilled clinton on emails, interrupted, &amp; also didn't ask trump tough q's.
great picture of you and your beautiful wife charlie!!:):)
nothing like memories my friend!! i wonder where have all those years gone! like a blink of an eye!!:)
good morning! happy wednesday. thoughts on the day? suggestions? don't forget about sronline tonight right after -busy day
for president obama to consider it an insult if we (blacks) refuse to vote hillary is actually insulting to blacks
live now: secretary participates in the un entry into force at . watch:
mr kerry we the american ppl don't want any refugees wake up man u represent us the american ppl
6/ same growth can be achieved with much less capital, driven by the efficiency of the first few million in rev (can't spend fast enough)
i don't think this is accurate. there can be one time setup costs that distort the initial period.
it's maddening to have to hear all the caveats about how good police generally are. nah. fuck that.
police shootings are not the product of a few rotten eggs, police shootings are the product of a fucked up system of violence
i appreciate the rt &amp; , friends! we have goodies! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" at:
i'm grateful for another rt &amp; , folks! we have good books, great pics &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra:
tony's everyday hero
september is national childhood cancer awareness month! much love from a mom of a survuvir.
it means a lot. thank you. i couldn't have done it without all of you not unfollowing me against your better judgement.
to be fair, the eternal winton road construction has us reconsidering our support.
the same magical thinking afflicts those calling for "small business entrepreneurship" as the answer. it isn't.
it's got many of the same weaknesses as "job creation" and is in some ways an even worse answer, as even more risk is individualized
can someone help me make a website please? thanks.
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
absolutely not!! you don't beg or whine, you're just kind &amp; helpful. you're fan!!
oh i have zero howard shame im begging on my knees
who is that?
he's a rapper
this is reaching, boring and likely cherry picked like no one's business. just more drivel.
it's obviously cherry picked, stupid. that's the point, to highlight false statements.
i'm going to agility today! its my best day of the week!!!
dats tewwific! how long yu been doing it?
the conflict in syria has always been a proxy war between usa &amp; russia. why is america supporting insurgents?
the inner cities are in rubble &amp; decay. president obama looked the other way only to come now to scold us to vote
police shootings are not the product of a few rotten eggs, police shootings are the product of a fucked up system of violence
all police are implicated &amp; guilty in this system. a few good police officers mean nothing. abolish the police
i think may bee my new favorite show. is freaking amazing!!!!
i loved it myself!
i don't think this is accurate. there can be one time setup costs that distort the initial period.
also, you're doing the math off a small base. could easily be distorted (eg got lucky early, first deal was large etc)
i don't know about summer bodies but i'm almost always prepared for winters with a winter body. (layers and layers of fat to keep me warm)
same. zombie apocalypse, hybernation, end of the world, you say it and i am ready for it. *fat belly drumming*
you sure do. especially when there is a string of weekend murders. that chicago argument they make is faulty anyway.
it's a deflection.
this is not suppose to be happening every week. thats not normal people. i mean damn why have tasers if you just gonna shoot a mf!!
nailing it! nc needs investigation. ok clearly manslaughter. she was "afraid" because of blatent racism. cant lie away that video.
it's got many of the same weaknesses as "job creation" and is in some ways an even worse answer, as even more risk is individualized
it's like people don't want to accept the idea that economies of scale for a vast majority of goods is actually done better by big companies
journalists/consultants overstate importance of political ads but this is pretty striking.
. super pacs/camp mgt that spend enormous on ads r diverting self &amp; others from improving policy positions.
we have to represent
brand new tune
react-modules - - code splitting as a component - isomorphic / ssr friendly - ya rly
can this handle loading redux stores dynamically?
about trusting white ppl
i remember when he was part of the cast ?
judge has just had to ask defence: are we ignoring all your diametrically opposing and glaringly inconsistent statements then?
in some countries or perhaps in a certain country, judge could be shot if not falling in line.
thanks for the follow &amp; , sherie! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll at
your retweet &amp; are appreciated, sherie! visit us for good books, photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra at
we are looking to re-design our website can someone reccommend a reliable company to use?
we can help you in re-designing of your website at reasonable price. submit your details here:
tfw you realize what life would be like if you're actually elected president
same face with :
panthers safety speaking from the heart.
why don't we wait until all the facts come out before rushing to judgment? for once!
why on earth do 9.5 million people need almost 150 million guns?
they don't need that many guns. they want that many guns. don't like guns? don't buy guns. respect the constitution.
no first aid training, no side arm. simple.
this feels like saying "can't swim, no sailing around the world." barely 1/100th of the training that should be required...
this is supposed to be the land of opportunity to find success, not the land you have the opportunity to be violated by the liberal left.
you should move to scandinavia. tons of startups and higher social mobility.
i might fire my cat for not being able to kill the fly in my apartment
we're convinced the dogs have befriended our apartment fly and have named him "steve"
live look at usc this am:
where's the rutgers ad having a beer in front if it?
well, that didn't happen.
you need someone next to you to nudge you in the morning.
no more parties in la changed me
it let me know of one of the reasons girls use instagram.
the clinton foundation will lay off dozens of staff | getty
they should start with bill clinton
trump faces backlash after saying african americans are "in the worst shape they've ever been"
the answer is yes. the inner cities are in ruin, &amp; many if not all of them are under democratic new plantation. nonsense!!!
it's like people don't want to accept the idea that economies of scale for a vast majority of goods is actually done better by big companies
many fetishize small business for cultural reasons: homeyness, authenticity, "local feel," perceived honesty. promotes magical thinking
well, in the absence of any direct evidence, your reasoning kind of just sounds like one of those videos about "false flags."
"anything that makes us look paranoid must be a plot against us."
just because i love you to death, and miss you more than words can explain.
matty im tearing up i love you so much and miss you!
still dark outside but the airport has a line a city block long. currently convinced at night lax becomes a mystical city
need some dunkin' donuts - nice fast line - alas, that's why i don't live in california lack of dd!
*extremely john goodman in oh brother, where art thous voice* see ya in the city papuhs, boys
ah man we should rewatch that soon
lay down your sticks and stones
sticks and stones will break my bones but whips and nae naes will never hurt me.
anybody know anybody who can create an app??
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app.our pf email to leads.com
that means your brain is growing. yes? maybe? (or what r u seeing?)
auctions bids going down in price
many fetishize small business for cultural reasons: homeyness, authenticity, "local feel," perceived honesty. promotes magical thinking
just like government size is a red herring, so too is business size. the size should be what is necessary to serve people, not arbitrary
been there, same question!
right??? also can't believe i wasn't following you? i knew i used to be!
just keep on coming. the show has officially been renewed for season 2!
amazing show. can non actors apreciate that julie bowen cameo? subtle genius cracking me up!
i only liked season 1. where are you in the show?
just started season 4 lol season 3 was so good.
update: this tweet inspired me to buy a daddy yankee candle and listen to gasolina on loop until it bur...
father yankee
does anyone know an easy web-building app? i am tired of spending hours wrestling with inflexible wordpress themes. need asap. thanks!
reach our expertise @ and we will get back soon
whats the issue?
we can't upload gifs that are under 3mb to our maker page
happy birthday to my literal gf i love you so much good luck
thanks baby love you tons
so how long do you think till i get to meet amy? i've been on the waiting list for about a year &amp; only group 62...
hey ken. let's have brian take a look and shoot you a professional edition invite on next batch. cc: :-)
and gun nuts wonder why people say they are paranoid
why are you questioning the motives of citizens who choose to exercise their constitutional right to bear arms?
that's beautiful i teared up a lil bit
it's got such a good weight; if you're looking for a lead holder then 10/10 reccomebd
am i taking your money at the poker table thursday night or you got muffins on your mind? does your dad play?
going up to visit timmy at pierce
i threw as much twitter snark at them as i could, just like the guy in front of the tank in tiananmen square.
someone needs to photoshop tank guy with phone, captioned with him saying "just hold on a sec, i have got to post this."
never seen otherwise-smart people in so much denial about something as they are about trump's chances. same mistake...
nate, do you think your models lag the prediction markets? hillary has seen an uptick in the markets the past few days (1/2)
when people bring out the best in you. that.
absolutely!!!
at this time, we know nothing, but that's not stopping racists online who have never set foot in ny to go off on muslims.
care to update that tweet?
finally got another credit card but very afraid to use it
just trick on me it'll be ok
our 7 yr old's school bus driver was wearing a trump shirt today so the kids asked him why he liked trump. he said "the wall".
i presume he is a native american?
i'd have thought the whole world was in mourning over the loss of brangelina to worry about anyone else's existence
6 children under the bus. divorce is the most prevalent &amp; subtle form of child abuse. work shit out. don't quit.
the wants your ideas. winners will partner with mcwl to develop their ideas into reality. submit:...
heartbeat sensor.
check this link for tips to identify phishing emails questions? let us know. we're here for you.
this isn't a phishing email. this is an official response to a ups shipping inquiry i sent from their official site
never seen otherwise-smart people in so much denial about something as they are about trump's chances. same mistake...
but she still is dropping in your models, i think b/c older good polls fo her are falling out. any thoughts on that? (2/2)
his for real or playing stupid he left jennifer to be with her was only a matter of time! they look unhappy 4 awhile
who's getting the last laugh now
if ever you can call a film haunting, it would be "moonrise". great change of pace for allyn joslyn.
~ yes! ( yes on joslyn ) - also loved rex ingram. i felt that movie for days. must see it again to see if it still affects me.
can i get a new mom cause like wtf was that
lmao leave her alone!!
exactly! says he loves to use "other people's money" and a crowd of moronic "other people" laugh and cheer!
least republican statement in past 18 months going to move operations to trump hotel to collect rent?
imagine telling your 1997 self that one day you'd be able to get up-to-the-second info online about trump, hillary clinton &amp; jonbenet ramsey
sure.. but if you added chumbawamba to the list you'd be out of luck
just like government size is a red herring, so too is business size. the size should be what is necessary to serve people, not arbitrary
we know scale is necessary for many public goods (health care, due to pool size.) same goes for many businesses!
looking 4 example rubrics 4 argumentation, explanation, and models/modeling rt to spread the word thnx
you can find our explanation rubric here:
i gotta stop believing what i see on the web... i signed my nba 2k player's shoe endorsement with adidas cause i thought i'd rock yeezy's
me too and now i'm stuck wearing damian lillards
crash is a terrible movie. it is like barney meets seinfeld.
but it fixed racism
honestly the best part of the 7 is that i can fit all of my songs on my phone
ur such a finance bro
still dark outside but the airport has a line a city block long. currently convinced at night lax becomes a mystical city
by the way, highly recommended for you for a plane-ride listen... you will appreciate, i promise.
also i think it was like $50 a night??? and as nice as a hotel.
also. this was the view:
funny that say people shouldn't care or talk about tebow. then, they talk about it. you're playing right in to it, guys!
if it's a good story with interest.... they can't escape!
sooo...torchwood ya?
i don't know why sites are treating this as a new development. bbc was clear from get-go it wouldn't be like sja.
if you'll read the art of the deal.
this man is a monster much documentation on his racists views and scamming people my father knew him well
we know scale is necessary for many public goods (health care, due to pool size.) same goes for many businesses!
so just calling for "small business" in an era of massive oversupply is misguided. it's based on romanticization and silver bullet thinking
why are you very against the soda tax?
many reasons, but if we're going to decide some foods are "evil" and should get a sin tax, let's start with meat. also, sends...
did it ever occur to you that robby mook would not answer a policy question that might be asked at the debate?
be for real dude - you gotta do better than that if your on a campaign - that was a joke
why are you like this? y u du dis?
lmfao 6th graders tweeting or ultimate trolling
we are working on the english subtitles as i type this.. you could be russia's next big star ken!...
id love that. i can use a second career! i'll promote the show when im in mockba in october, if i can afford the damn visa!
note. if you buy 5.000,000 followers, have the decency not to speak to them in half truths and innuendos, that defame their accomplishments
100 % pure wisdom! fools buy followers lo cheers
is it too late for a free poke'coin?
you'll get nothing and like it, spalding!
obama's father was muslim, his stepfather was muslim, his name is muslim, in his heart hes muslim.
see those the facts wake up b4 its too late for all of us
why are you very against the soda tax?
...the erroneous message that being healthy is about not drinking soda, whereas being sedentary is way more of a factor for most.
mohammed was a pedophile
fuck mohammed he was a ghoul
my charity run for the last 11 years! please donate $$ before the event next month!
hey handsome!!!
it's a regulatory doc. try the public realm plan and recent mhpac presentations.
do public realm &amp; mhpac have changes re: harbor plan 9/8 draft?
anyone else get a little nervous when american history x shows up in top movies on itunes? hmmm...
the tony kaye renaissance is in full swing!
there you go again, mariana, being a good friend! thanks for the rt &amp; ! we have music, books, pics
ta-da! another retweet &amp; ! true coolness abounds, mariana! thanks so much. visit us for goodies!
i've fallen in love with d way d wind whispers your name, as if it breathes for u too. ~ a.r.asher ...
beautiful cosmo's
so just calling for "small business" in an era of massive oversupply is misguided. it's based on romanticization and silver bullet thinking
all ultimately comes down to the fact that "paying people to be alive" is still too abhorrent an idea for many. just world fallacy runs deep
1) outcry over trump normalization via venues like snl not spurred by ideological disagreement but by manifest danger of trump presidency...
manifest danger is exactly right.
seems as if you planned to gang upon robby mook this morning. what gives?
he was so unprepared to talk about the foreign policy question - embarrassing
morning bad boys. there's room in the tub for two if you like getting real close ...
oh boy :) should i bring my rubber ducky?
any good tips for an ecommerce store?
know more @
. goes to a trump rally to uncover the hottest new conspiracy theories around hillary clinton and pre...
no, this can't be real. good lawd.
looks like that sick fuck was real. ppl are terrible yo
the sick fuck and no good judge dual combo. lock em up!
if you value black lives why aren't you mad about the killings in chicago?
so you're saying black lives matter only when taken by other black people?
you are so very pretty
thanks terry
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
your a hate merchant and not for the people
they are really fucking trying it. blatantly...again
these cops be the real gangsters &amp; thugs, they really don't give a fck
i wish i could love something as much as this guy loves the red hot chili peppers.
he saw us taking pictures, held his phone with selfie cam out the sun roof, then gave us a thumbs up. my boy.
countless black men/women are murdered by cops all over america for doing nothing and you want to talk about a cop...
countless? ease up on the hyperbole. it's a quantifiable number that isn't as high as you make it out to be.
with all the real news happening, including the possibility of trump becoming president, this is what the daily new...
sighhhhhhhhhhhhh
also: you should probably be following on sc.
this sc profile?
kiara what is up with you
her problem is that she uses she is in a bad place as an excuse
which is easily dismissable. problem is, so are the legitimate complaints about clinton's deception. waters, muddied.
easily dismissible, and yet so seldom dismissed, amirite?
direct all future questions to . that guy is a pro.
first few times always take a bit to get used to! it'll settle more in secondary.
this morning on on campaign manager robby mook was ambushed.
wasn't ambushed - he was unprepared period
that's just fucking sad on so many levels
it really is
everyone better watch out! that's a dangerous woman!!
yes i agree she sure is great job guys
listen to fl debate crowd's reaction when charlie crist praises hillary clinton for being 'honest'
the fact that crist would actually express that, in public, should sink his electability for whatever he's running for.
yesterday i fulfilled my ambition to get someone into the fall who was unfamiliar: guess what song did it?
my brother raised me on a strict regimen of echo, joy division, and the fall. you're doing right to this world, jon.
hey jenn how are you
im good and u how many twitter accounts do u have
it's 8am. i've already read all of 'man's search for meaning' and started designing an rpg for the british left. jet lag is one fine drug.
loved 'man's search for meaning'. powerful.
advice for those going without aguero: find a quiet place. sit down. think long and hard about your life. log in to fpl. buy aguero.
patience. aguero for zlatan in two weeks, just before man city return home after two away games.
direct all future questions to . that guy is a pro.
if your are particular to really clear beer, i cheat sometimes with a small washable metal coffee filter when kegging
backfiring on her crooked ass!
she called out all white people to improve policing..wtf!
this sc profile?
that's the one!
terrible return on investment here: "clinton campaign raced through $50 million last month"
r u glad hillary will keep allowing u to collect unemployment after nov 8
you do know black people kill more black people theb white cops do.....right?
that doesn't jibe with their narrative. to these morons cops are the problem...not the criminals.
he is, he's option 2
ok i see the choices.. we voted
anyone good with wordpress ? like the back end of it
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
morning bad boys. there's room in the tub for two if you like getting real close ...
you have very sexy legs :)
music question: looking for new artists like city and colour, iron and wine, alexi murdoch, singer songwriter/folk ? suggestions?
all those artists inspire me, but always listen to
extrodinarily shameful --he was quisling begged british not to leave india &amp; declared 15th aug 47 as mourning day!
is this true totally shameful!mr.pradhan,u hv proved u r hv no spine.
the pentagon believes in climate change, so do insurance companies.
it's all hype for the government to take our tax dollars. the earth had been evolving since inception
why should robby mook give away answers to debate questions? you all let kelly anne do it for weeks
b/c that's the difference between hrc and - she should have answers
stealing travis fimmels pick up truck. oh ps. he's genius in vikings
i needed a show to get into after sons: i needed a break. show him how we roll...lol
well , people recommend webpack and react and those docs are
absolutely. said they're investing a lot of energy improving then though
these cases are so small compared to chicago it's not even close
so it's a small thing when a government official takes people's lives. interesting perspective.
well, no. but hrc has a habit of lying. catching critics who say so w/a false accusation is a common pr technique
in this case she's not falsely accusing anyone of anything. her detractors, all on their own, are believing trump's bullshit.
four months from today, our next president will walk into the oval office. help make sure it's not donald trump:
trump will actually move operations to his hotel to collect the cash. will be american budget!
i'm looking for a simple website to show the rebuild work to correct my home (vids &amp; photos)
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
anyone have a good web designer to help me build my page???
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
that's my halloween costume sorted! thanks benedetta.
omg that picture is funny . steve you make a pretty girl
i found me a ! much awesome
did you work w at 451? he's one of them :)
spell check did not recognize it as a word.
i see it in the m-w (online). the writer dug deep 4 that 1. that was fun. have a good day.
i feel like needs his own podcast
that would be interesting
damn twitter, all of a sudden my feed is half ads...? wtf??
this tweet bought to you by and the stay puft marshmallow man! stay puft with our ma...
the protest vote vs lesser-evil debate should be understood less as a moral dilemma and more like an intractable math problem
people are sick of the two party system and only the people can get fec funding for third parties through the popular vote.
thanks it took 1.5 hrs for me and its a success
i think mine was about the same in total. plus extra for all the other apps that needed updating afterwards.
thanks for the retweet &amp; , maggie! visit us for good books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra at
, grazie, gracias, danka, merci, spoceba &amp; thanks for the , maggie! we have music, books, etc.
the gang's all here.
i would follow this boy band anywhere!
unexpected added bonus on middle east trip: china's terracotta warriors
kind of you to include on this tweet but he has predictably lost his phone again so he will never see this
cracking wee treat in the post this morning from . looking forward to having a blast of this little gem...
another good jambo. nice work building relations in the community, stott
what happened to the chromecast tab on the web feed? it's not there anymore.
the player update removed it. it's being reinstalled
agreed but exercising across town at 10am while the rest of us are working looks bad.
i could care less, the city is doing well and where it's not has nothing to do w/the mayor's exercise routine
absolutely true!! yet nyt is so tepid on reporting this blatant racist references, i simply smh
media including nyt is so scared of trump, they will throw his side softballs all the way to armageddon.
and then consider whether a white person should use it in any context.
can we agree that blaming all "white people" for crimes of the past or injustice committed by certain groups today is unreasonable?
workout done! 30mins hiit treadmill &amp; 25mins weights training! i'm increasing the intensity of workouts for next boxing
wow! i'm just got to the studio round 1 starts at 9:30
and that was my original point. not to suggest some radios-in-my-teeth plot, but instead, typical negative campaigning.
your logic is still running in one direction, rather than acknowledging itself as a feedback loop. by which i mean:
bill clinton's fbi director says nazis would win wwii under president obama's anti-isis plan
yea he would if the nazi's were made of play dough!
remember when shawty lo had beef w/ t.i. &amp; both they crews had that big ass brawl at the ozone awards, niggas got maced od lol
i forgot the diss track shawty lo had for t.i. but when t.i. responded to him on what up what's happenin'? son went all out
hi ameya, i work for cnn. did they block off that entire block? what's the exact location?
42nd street.. between 8th and 7th ave is blocked. i overheard an officer say, bomb squad needs to get here.
wait mm is in this?? i started watching after the voice and had to turn it off after five minutes tbh
she is she is
they are currently available on our website but not in store.
. i don't wanna be a pita, but is it possible 4 me 2 pickup at the warehouse if i order qty 3 today online?
i caught the narc leaking pictures of our tech: turns out it's our set designer .
very snowdenesque
anyone have any experience with samcart to replace a wordpress woocommerce store selling physical products?
submit your details here:
sorry to hear it's not syncing! a reset of your cache on both the mobile app and desktop should fix this for you!
not a sync problem i dont think? notif badge count goes up fine, never down. gotta update on read as well as new.
1.) college and bone spurs? totes a draft dodger! 2.) ...as if you actually care about or respect military service...
as if you know the first thing about me....
why after my prayer tweet i ended up becoming a track star to catch the l train does that mean imma still struggle ?!?!
- lmao i think it means you still have to fight but will succeed.
2016: the year saying "hello" to a stranger is sexual harassment
sick people in this world
texas is way more into football than alabama so i was hoping to find one here lol &amp; you better have said auburn
gots people very near &amp; dear to me in rainbow city - near gadsden birmingham....they into many decades...they my fam.
southpark season 20
yeah but south park is classic. incubus as something "classic" feels like all my complaining was a waste.
i hand-picked to take over my job when i left 451 :)
ummm, i want to like that 1000 times.
we're grateful for your &amp; your continuing support, cj &amp; tj! have a great week! visit our goodies!
, grazie, gracias, danka, merci, spoceba &amp; thanks for the , cj &amp; tj! we have music, books.
yee! first college test and i feel confident af! plus, it was stats! (:
i did really good! wish i tried a little bit more.
"qqe with yield curve control" sounds like a weird shampoo
or the much demanded sequel to speed 2: cruise control :)
beat it yesterday bad sequal in my opinion. 6/10
liking it so far but its clearly not better than hr but not bad
your logic is still running in one direction, rather than acknowledging itself as a feedback loop. by which i mean:
hrc not having a press conference to announce she has pneumonia-that doesn't vindicate the people who think she has parkinson's.
who takes 2 out of 5 days off work and gets paid by you to do it except campaigning for ? vote
barack hussein obama. more play than work. doing what he loves. campaigning on our dime w gas guzzler af1
trump campaign reporters will no longer travel in his motorcade
- except for
i should definitely run for president.
i should run for president for 2032
i'm not reading that. lol but keep in mind the actors are professional trolls.
i heard someone we love will die. or was that past 6 seasons?
this dress looks cool but i'm gonna need a full audit of the code before i wear it anywhere other than a sandbox
if you find xss, you could walk into a bakery and steal all their cookies!
billy don't worry my guy i'm with you, but it all depends on how you solve the problem. if you distribute or not
make sure y'all show ya teacher this equation and i except an apology
people who have a great blog or other published thoughts seem to be excellent podcast guests.
i realize that not everyone feels comfortable participating in audio conversation.
midnight on tuesday and this hits me like a ton o bricks
totally forgot about this
why the fuck not
kiara you are so dumb we not holding nothing against you you holding against yourself
with them beautiful legs god gave you just bring it around the corner
i'm a real life eastsider now
i should run for president for 2032
i should start a gofundme to raise money for my 2032 run for office
if someone is too thin to find, i can't blame the spouse if they cheated or drank 2 much.
can't wait for that rationality in your next stand up special.
i miss you too &amp;i you know i got you bbyg.. hope you feel better
yeah i know. and you know i got you too always. we litt next friday
future is ass tho his music just meant for you to get hype
thank you lol he make it seem like it's cool to be a fien ! drake idk what he be blabbing about lol
making a name for his self!!!we all start somewhere!!!! espn3
that hit!!!!
one last hair check before going live w/ on !
congratulations simon!!!!! look forward to seeing you in long beach in april!!!!!
"today less than 4% of haiti's forests remain, and in many places the soil has eroded right down to the bedrock." -- natgeo 9/08
yeah it's a huge problem. here's a great smallholder farmers alliance post.
perhaps he would feel more patriotic living in another free country! one less controversial person blaming everything on race
i'm getting mixed messages, but i'm hearing you're angry. is this anger towards his protest, his making $, or his patriotism?
these are extremely good ears
right? they're for cooling off in the desert! david attenborough told me.
your follow is appreciated, benjamin! good luck! visit us for good music, books, photos, ideas at
i'm grateful for your , benjamin! we have goodies! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" at
trump campaign paid $20k to 's firm in august. seems awfully long after his firing for him to be collecting old fees. cc:
typical distortion and meaningless by ineffective cnn
here come the horns...lol..
you're a racist...lol
pac backing gary johnson says dick cheney 'supported gay marriage sooner' than hillary clinton. true.
yes because if his daughter. much respect for him for not turning his back on her!
people who have a great blog or other published thoughts seem to be excellent podcast guests.
maybe i don't follow a wide enough group to see the full mix of people having conversations.
i think it's safe to assume that brad pitt is a method actor.
studies his craft. moves methodically. lol!
milestone this am: down 17.5 pounds on the year. crossed a weight threshold unseen since march 2014.
yay matt! it's a great accomplishment even more so w your travel schedule!
well we all know donald steals others' ideas. she says it - then depending on his rate of uptake he says it. sad.
just like there false equivalencies for the candidates, mook should have been much better - he was embarrassing
i'm his 1500th subscriber! congrats brother!
followed
discussing now on : the clintons trample on poor people at home and around the world to enrich themselv...
so very eloquently put dineshdsouza
oh whaaaa!? nice! thank you everyone! i do love my toasty!
you and thorsten are an incomparable acting partnership b&amp;b is suffering greatly and needs to reunite caridge now
emails for specifics on trump's claims are routinely ignored. i'm still waiting for video of 1,000s of muslims cheering in the streets of nj
have any statement had any facts. back example for kids learning how to right research papers.
did you take take that, sully?--it is a beautiful shot.
yup. that be my front door view.
thanks to everyone who tweets me with kind words after every game, good or bad. happy we got the win today. have a good night guys.
rookie of the year? i'm sure your not thinking of it, but the baseball community is.
you tell them! stick it to the man!
lol. it just blows my mind they'd gate off upgrades.
hi, can we use this photo on air? we will give you photo credit. thank you!
yes sure. you can use this photo.
thanks. my boulders are majestic tho. much like the rocky mountains.
that's some information i didn't expect to acquire today
hrc not having a press conference to announce she has pneumonia-that doesn't vindicate the people who think she has parkinson's.
it shows that the real stuff and the nonsense all gets thrown into the same blender. we're not just victims. we're participants.
.: "we're supposed to now take in 100k+ people &amp; think it's all going to work out well? i think ppl are hesitant to do that."
: 2 families have moved into my bldg in the past month. new furniture&amp; clothing and bikes, and i'm struggling.
debate in a few days. perhaps did not want to say anything.
there are about 200 better ways to do it than he did it - i'm voting hrc but that was terrible
how many of yall knew shawty lo was in laffy taffy &amp; d4l ?
just learning that
cellar bid, we value your &amp; your continuing support! have a great week! visit us for good stuff at:
thanks again for another , cellar bid! we value your support very much! visit us soon &amp; often at:
these two pins together describe my grad school experience so far
spoiler alert: still true in post doc (at least for me!)
if someone doesn't appear as former vice president dan qauyle then your show has failed
we've already got that covered!
can you link me to the issue?
i'll find it in a bit, but the fact that values are not passed to fieldsarray in v6 (just path).
have an amazing time!
i'll be in today!! head out tonight :)
terrible return on investment here: "clinton campaign raced through $50 million last month"
100 reasons trump will never be president he gives me 2 more reasons daily
real talk i need to pass by luch for a new face wash, mask, and moisturizer. dont judge me
no judgments at all! it's always good to take care of your skin. i wanna try that lush coffee scrub actually
it shows that the real stuff and the nonsense all gets thrown into the same blender. we're not just victims. we're participants.
all this "she's lied in the past so we have no choice but to believe all bullshit always" stuff just doesn't hold any water.
there is a dunkin donuts here now.
i was in costa mesa 3-4 times a year up until about 2012 and there weren't any. obviously i need to return.
these news outlets make me sick. then they try to slide in that terrence had pcp in his car. so what, how many meth heads are taken alive.
it's a slap on the face.
i know you're disingenuous in your arguments
i know aids doesn't make you go deaf. and you're calling me disingenuous. go argue with someone on your level.
thanks for the , kristl! visit us for good books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music:
there you go again, kristl, being a good friend! thanks for the ! visit us for music, books, pics:
you all really get upset about looting but silent about cops killing folks.
for heavens sake, would you prefer all cops just allow themselves to be shot? cop killing now a hobby
something's definitely up
this season of game of thrones blows
i'm gonna go with the more knowledgeable candidate. that would be hillary.
she will be weaker. then obama!!!!!
then he should have said that not stood there grinning like a buffoon.
for the party that boasts intellectual superiority, that was not so good
a new thing to look out for. senran kagura, jasmine's elephant! (jasmine herself is also great)
i'll on the lookout but so far not much merchandise on her
great fellowship, great food, great friends! congressional black caucus prayer breakfast!
where are charter scools built for inner city kids last 8 years nothing was done hillary has plans for refugees not inner cities
i'm gonna be that guy and ask how did you get the ability to watch people while you're asleep at the same time
why you gotta ruin everything
you need someone next to you to nudge you in the morning.
true, but i think if i made someone else my alarm, i would begin to hate them intensely. i love my sleep lol
are you ladies gonna go for it !?! to meet sam?
i'd love to but it's a long drive for just a small chance
thanks, crappy rich suburbs of the bay area:
1 to 7 is pretty goddamn horrendous too. but wow.
morning kosta, opinions on my recent banner?
you're improving really fast. looks nice.
guajardo: "the relationship with mexico will go on regardless of who is president."
american companies builds in foreign countries, they should be held to american standards,taxes, epa, workers
you are right about what proves what. but, known gratuitous lies make fabrications more believable
i don't give a fuck what's believable to people at a given moment. only what's actually true.
i'm waiting for him to panic and bring back quincey.
haha,yes!my brother been playing golf w/him recently,trying 2 get info on where going or if called by kh
shawty lo dies and rasheeda becomes a trending topic.... never change, twitter.....
i was wondering y she was trending
one awakes to yet another day in the killing fields of north america, where those in blue harvest black life as their crop.
just like cambodia here..
a friend from high school, who was also really great at twitter, died over the weekend. this is a fitting tribute:
i was wondering what that naked guy was about. in context it's kind of sweet and makes a lot of sense. how sad.
we definitely are just hope that day is a success and your happy, you deserve it
me too baby thank you
if you said fried rice over chow mein, i need to question our friendship. you know who you are.
team chow mein!
mera tou crush tha us pe
hahaha aur mera tm p :p :p
all i'm gonna say is when a white guy is wrongly shot, nothing like this happens
white guys don't usually get shot unless they are pointing a gun in their face.
did john fox and the chicago bears coaching staff destroy jay cutler's career? tweet us &amp; we'll read responses duri...
jay cutler sucked long before john fox became involved.
she ain't noways tired! she's just zombified!
if she wins, she'll rest n leave driving 2 whomever is willing.kaine? sharpton advisor? huma,child of muslim bhd
if you need ups to look into a shipment, please email our team at help.com. ^ml
looks like things are fixed now &amp; the package is moving again with only 1 day's delay. thanks for responding.
i know that this is the first election in which the left has cared about draft dodging.
i'm not from the left. i just hate trump. i hate phonies. have a nice day.
we don't disagree about this
so then: let's not believe that she started birtherism without any evidence whatsoever that she started birtherism.
out today in the : 's speaking fees correlate with clinton foundation donations on multiple occasio...
no surprise here as truism always wins! u already know that donald trump is leading in the polls. lies do not win.
4 old economics dude, i inspire much lunacy, funn! sure hava lotta nicknames - fave is ; give a lot too...thinkin 4 ?
.... not jus anotha kennedy....... ya know, the kennedy family &amp; baker.....
think of how hot their children will be
they have two daughters already! named esmeralda and amanda so yeah i'm sure they're beautiful
i've had a traumatic morning. i saw a goose with a broken leg &amp; i pulled over for 10 minutes trying to decide if i should help him or not.
then i thought to myself..... what would i even do for a goose with a crippled leg???? bring him to the hospital????
wells will defeat warren and the dims. the free market will win.
is your free market the one that bailed out the incompetent banks?
if you'll read the art of the deal.
read it doesn't change the bigotry and hate and referring to refugees as poison skittles not nice people
yes, appears he only dislikes killers &amp; crooks...no wonder he's the opposite of ?!
(impressive &amp; responsive) listens to currents on tough calls &amp; may change opinion with
you going to watch designated survivor?
i get enough apocalyptic presidential situations from real life...
the booties i'm wearing are more unstable than my life rn
hey you were in my dream last night
donald trump seizes control of ohio ground game from john kasich - breitbart via
if kasich has to run again, gop better start grooming someone if they want to keep the governorship.
come over to my play i will give you a little bleach to get it out hurry!
if i wasn't already in the car driving to the ceremony i would!
where have the times gone
baby it's all wrong where are the plans we made for two
so then: let's not believe that she started birtherism without any evidence whatsoever that she started birtherism.
and let's not assume that suggesting the above is a sinisterly incepted idea, meant to viciously discredit brave twitter people.
then i thought to myself..... what would i even do for a goose with a crippled leg???? bring him to the hospital????
so i just sat in my car and cried while i watched him hobble around on his one little goose foot.
anyone know of any (reasonable) website designers?
we have good experience in website design/development. our portfolio: email: leads.com
a 2 yr old is 100% self-centered. development means wider &amp;wider perspective. trump still has world view of 2 yr old. as our president?
in case your followers need any more evidence of why trump will never be president ever....
it's probably not worth trying to come to a middle ground with a guy who resorts to insults &amp; memes. but the follow...
or a woman. i don't like to assume people's genders, but the lesbian transsexual pegging fantasy projection sounds like a dude wrote it, .
that doesn't help with some issues with barplots, like potentially arbitrary axes and the implication that surface=importance
of course, not. but nothing helps with all issues, except plotting all data. and that's often useless (for non-trivial data)
i heard you say "motherfuckers dont listen" i think the numbers you would do would prove otherwise
if i do it one day i will be reaching out to you
armed black man shot, riots ensue: how blm destroys american unity, puts cops in harm's way
"american unity" - good one.
&amp; foreign partners are working together to fight human trafficking &amp; confront the sex trade in southeast asia
stopping the crime is important but how to remove the incentive to cause it?
accuweather says today is a sunny day. my sky says we are about to get hit with a big ass storm. unless darkness at 7:40 am is new normal
don't tell me different. weather reports are always right. besides, called out from work;beach getaway!
as we well know. the revolution just might be televised.
live on news12!
. grilling robby mook, the campaign manager, about syria. ridiculous. he's not a policy guy.
he's the guy on the campaign - needs to do a lot better - they were pretty basic questions
ahahaha. did you go around looking for that?
no it popped up on instagram lol i was like heyyy! our convo! lol
hypocrisy much?
blatant pandering of a whole group of americans gop would otherwise disparage, for a vote. hopefully they see.
happy bday to the homie
&amp; my baby share a xo special day 9-21 virgo season spoiled ppl xoxoxxx
traded my galaxy note 7 for a samsung galaxy s7 edge. people at took care of me and made it easy. thanks!
glad you had a good experience. enjoy the gs7 edge.
george hw bush will vote for hillary clinton, sources say -
she's shoring up the "rich white guys who play it safe" vote.
it's not just bluster that kept trump's campaign afloat through scandals. it's a strategy that could change politics
maybe not gaffs but the recent revelations that he's actually a conman artist might just do him in!
i think jesus would do a lot for mikes team
i agree danny he would put up some mean points
hmmm-- it is just a short 18 sec video taken with my iphone and on my camera roll. shouldn't that work?
so incredibly frustrated by this! do you know if there's a way to solve via iphone?
waittttttt what about the 518???
they're changing the are code!! it's going to be 838 now
i can feel the pain brother, when you have to play sorrow tune after ur friend becomes a martyr, this feeling can't...
. why do i feel his pain?
shouts to
thanks so much griff! friend &amp; :-)
is that all you got? obama and hillary are the biggest frauds that have been perpetuated on the american people. th...
trump has not stolen or been in governance n played the pay to play game. trump has not cheated haitians hungry n living in tents.
any looking for new project? dm me
we have good experience in website design/development. our portfolio: email: leads.com
&amp; foreign partners are working together to fight human trafficking &amp; confront the sex trade in southeast asia
gender imbalance is obvious even in usa. women need assurances of their future and employment. men can pay for sex.
this is a better answer than your attitude merits, but here you go:
. deviating drastically from expected/established behavior provides a poor riser experience for library consumers.
i agree danny he would put up some mean points
na what team is he on
that doesn't help with some issues with barplots, like potentially arbitrary axes and the implication that surface=importance
also "potentially arbitrary axes" are a problem of any plot =)
or a woman. i don't like to assume people's genders, but the lesbian transsexual pegging fantasy projection sounds like a dude wrote it, .
what makes them think i would find something like that humiliating in the first place? enough projection for a movie theater with that one.
madame tussauds does not mess around. "studio assistants move apart the wax figures of brad pitt and angelina joli...
why do they need to wear aprons, tho?
. deviating drastically from expected/established behavior provides a poor riser experience for library consumers.
. what did you expect by flip flopping (as per your answer) twice over the course of a year? keep it consistent.
i was just trying to explain this to people yesterday lol
it's so painful &amp; my head hurts so i think it's because of irv
much like vince neil, my life's like an open book, for the whole world to read.
did you put the chapter about your purple mountains majesties in braille?
i appreciate your , allen! lorry's lens: central park. lorry captures its great beauty. scroll down:
allen: thanks for your &amp; your continuing support! have a great day! visit us for lots of goodies!
waittttttt what about the 518???
they're changing it to 838!!
yes, but leo also has the right to explore his gender as he chooses.
too bad she doesn't have a right to do it in privacy, since her parents and reporters have chosen to exploit her.
&amp; foreign partners are working together to fight human trafficking &amp; confront the sex trade in southeast asia
the sophistication that surfaces from the competition in this trade is horrible!
i should try this...
go for it babe. sometimes we out too much value on things that don't really matter.
what's a thick lip?
it's too much lip but it's not juicy. it's hard p
don't expect a response if you ask me how many sets i have left on the bench while there are 4 empty benches next t...
probably cause you had all the damn plates...
could hb2 end up before the nc supreme court?
interesting piece. hb2 challenge is in fed court tho.
why do they need to wear aprons, tho?
seems gloves would be the appropriate safeguard. i digress.
that screening process worked wonder for ny and minnesota huh nothing to do w islam it was workplace violence
sorry how many syrian refugee families were involved?
good morning &amp; still tho
gm..hope all is well!
if i realized that i'm supporting the candidate of these folks ... i'd be re-thinking my vote. rt
nothing else needs to be said!
good to hear from you!
wait--educate me.
educate you my fair lady style? ? i'm not sure we can turn you into a proper lady. you're too far gone
i, for one, remain appalled that sanders forced clinton to give paid speeches for a bunch of hated companies
americans need to let go of the whole "speak it, be it" thing if that's the name of this rag.
(impressive &amp; responsive) listens to currents on tough calls &amp; may change opinion with
when chose safe words of neutrality, i disagreed he modified acceptably
let's keep working on this. do other verizon people have this same issue? what device do you have? ^ap
yes i've seen it on other verizon devices at the same time. i have an iphone 7+ but this was also an issue on my iphone 6s+
if i realized that i'm supporting the candidate of these folks ... i'd be re-thinking my vote. rt
but deplorable!
so careful they keep setting bombs and stabbing people but who fucking cares as long as i'm not racist.
no, believe me you are a bigot lol
thanks for the rt lisa!
you are so welcome. love the gif file!
once the hottamale is all patched up
facts this is us
so this happened. .
yusuf the guy who supported killing salman rushdie.
are you going to jelly_or_jam? that is his new account. took me a while to find it &lt;3
i have it it just can't see private
omg i know huh... im bad...lol
yes and deplorable..lol
bryant park is not a well-known place for basic tourists but it was one the places i loved the most when i came to nyc. :)
so grateful it existed after a walk down the avenue which brought me to tears. the people, the traffic, the high raise:too much!
we rt grow your own heroes like this abundance of beans. legumes pollinated by our . thankful
nice pair of eggplants/aubergines for those across the pond:
had been shot by a neighborhood thug, none of y'all would bother to blink an eye.
we expect "thugs" to kill innocents, not police! *one of y'all*
. deviating drastically from expected/established behavior provides a poor riser experience for library consumers.
. as for what my "attitude merits", feel free to exercise your ability to not respond.
the joys of commuting hope it's a good day, gregg!
at least i only have to ride the train 1 day per week!
thanks for the , tenacious! we have goodies for you! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" at:
tenacious: we appreciate your ! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll at
then don't use the hashtag and continue talking about the importance of registering to
unfort using the hashtag is how i got people to look at my tweet. gotta rope them in to the real issue. then they stop &amp; think
our latest polls-only forecast gives trump a 43% chance to win the presidency:
keep sleeping, hillary.
loving these matchups this week.
hmmmm should i start jeffery in dfs this week since cutler is out?
know any gamers? can i help you at all?
i know a lot of gamers i'll send them your way
simple question, are you denying the rape epidemic in sweden? because it sounds like you're avoiding the topic
not going to keep repeating lists, but how many syrian refugee families were involved?
seriously. so good. and we've got another one coming out soon. probably tomorrow!
bonus clip at the end was insane! was listening to it while washing dishes and yelling "amen"
really want some pepsi nex now
can i have some
&amp; foreign partners are working together to fight human trafficking &amp; confront the sex trade in southeast asia
it is inter-disciplinary: commerce, family systems, gender, socio-economic, etc.
such bad form...
yeah.... it really stinks when people do this!
see me sometime this week if you wanna do a bulldog rumble event!! we're gonna win this year
now that the back to back champs are gone it does seem more likely for you.
this make me curious about the economics: has licensing studio content become so expensive it's cheaper to make their own?
continually renewing those licenses = $$$. the game is having your own programs now. people go to nflix for
will there be a that we can follow if not able to make it in person? i'm very interested in this topic.
there certainly is! and
def not the $. being a pro bball fan, that would be hypocritical. seems self gratifying and disrespectful.
i agree it comes across as a self thing; he clearly did not think this over. but it has people discussing- goal accomplished?
true, but there are alternatives that beat barplots in terms of issues...
here's an argument for barplots: simplicity. for many, they are easier to read (&amp; often there's no info loss; so just check)
i used some clean-up app on bad advice and lost so many tweeps unintentionally! i think i lost you, too! gah!
a beautiful reunion then :)
that's ! best cosplaying shiba on the 'net!
ahhh this shiba is amazing!! you've made my day :d
i was so happy for the kid when that happened man
almost cried dawg, he was treated like shit basically discriminated because of the fox. yet know one knew his pops was a hero
. deviating drastically from expected/established behavior provides a poor riser experience for library consumers.
. but not expecting user's frustration when they have a poor experience when using your library is unrealistic.
find something else to do
the black bra?
last day of summer
good morning!
continually renewing those licenses = $$$. the game is having your own programs now. people go to nflix for
original shows, movies, etc. it makes sense and it's been goin this way for a little while
8% dividend hike not as big as past, but still ranks $msft among the new tech 'income darlings' via
$msft and other large caps do not offer that's why credit spreads more crucial than rates....
yes, but leo also has the right to explore his gender as he chooses.
she will never feel the same sense of freedom to change her mind and truly be herself now that she's been on the bbc!
i had to run this back a few times..."bad mon love"
nice mi want a piece pon that
when chose safe words of neutrality, i disagreed he modified acceptably
an executive who respects the constitution terror needs changing solutions not rhetoric
hbd to the only person who has kept me sane &amp; happy throughout all these years. i love you w all of the heart that...
always lots of love hay :)
all systems are green on our end. would you mind trying a different browser/connection?
maybe a dysfunction in our network, sorry for the inconvenience. thank you :)
mad girls talk shit about it theyre just lames that need labels because they got no style
realllly? everyone i know loves it. i'm expecting an order in today lmao
true, but there are alternatives that beat barplots in terms of issues...
not that i'm a bit fan of barplots, haha, but some of the critiques out there are naive &amp; overblown.
why "combinatory play" is the secret of genius - einstein explains how his mind works in a letter to a colleague
yeah....and some just "take" from others &amp; "combinatory play" = changing words a bit....then getting patent..such einsteins!
awww, thank you so very much i love cats. i hope you have a great and blessed day too my dear friend xoxo
you're very welcome dear kim. thank you so much! it's a *joy* everyday i hear from you :-)
. deviating drastically from expected/established behavior provides a poor riser experience for library consumers.
. as shitty as it is to be a service provider the proper answer is always "i'm sorry your having a bad experience, how may i help?"
usually a person that has an appreciation,respect for animals are kind,but in your case you are a journalist
i love animals; i respect good people who respect others &amp; do not discriminate; i am my brother's keeper; i am not journalist
when i see the twitter thugs in person... "so wassup?"
this made me die lowkey
"if this callous attack is found to be a deliberate targeting of humanitarians, it would amount to a war crime."
how isn't it all "war crime"?? the annihilation of a whole country of people, but this one act is a "war crime"?
just cause a girl was with you when you didnt have shit.. doesn't mean her loyalty's guaranteed
&amp; if she mess up.. just leave, no hands involved
over the line? but can say that obama and hilary are the leaders of isis?
and its known that he housed bin laden's family in his hotels.. so yeah
(playing "clue") 5yo: "it would be easier if we just looked in the envelope."
the 5yo is not wrong!
how does amazon nickel-and-dime its customers? this socket wrench set reveals all:
what would be more interesting to us is learning how amazon treats suppliers, esp. as amazon displaces traditional retailers.
if i showed up in your city and ran a hands-on workshop on advanced automation (cf. - would you / your team go?
not sure if i could afford it atm but i'd love that in nyc
just up late at night rearranging my furniture and updating my west elm wish list.
they are having 20% off site wide today!
divya, i appreciate the ! we have goodies for you! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" now at
we're grateful for the , divya! visit us for books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music:
std::string str; ... str += ' ' + foo.c_str(); find the bug. (second time it happened to me this week...)
. two defects inherited from c: char literals look like characters, but are integers; and c "strings" are (or decay to) pointers.
*american history class* student: "do we need to memorize dates?"
"i am an ok writer. for me writing is wack"
mann i hate pretentious "artholes" who feel the need to cut down someone else's craft.
they are so trash man, but that's what happens when you're winning and they losing
. deviating drastically from expected/established behavior provides a poor riser experience for library consumers.
. source: myself or anyone else who has ever provided a service.
hewwo!!! wow. i wikes yer costume. pwetty neat
fanks! dat was fer pirate week. m didn't change it back yet!
so we had a test in my speech class and the professor said if you weren't prepared to not bs but instead write her a letter
the entire class wrote letters as to why they weren't prepared she played herself
happy birthday i hope your birthday is as great as you are ya tennis star
aw thanks ava you make me smile pretty girl :))
that's a great idea! i bought 9 bottles, so i should be able to keep one unopened until then... surely?! ;)
find out which one could be aged best. red type. not all wines are good for that.
husband goals right fucking here
your list of husbands just keeps getting longer and longer
double standard / no standard for trump surrogates
. morning joe commits again
lmao nope they still getting unfollowed
both of ya just tell me you muted me.
hm it might be worth trying to remove and re-add the adding? did you change your password recently?
no, haven't changed password. tried removing and adding to no avail. just getting 503 errors :(
gop had . now we have to put up with donthefibber?
took his girl out and stiffed her for the meal ticket
his pops was that nigga , it hurts so much they didnt tell him that off rip . he could have grown up differently i feel
yeah, same. i guess it was for story line purposes or even because he might have been "targeted" at a young age to protect him
's campaign manager will not even answer whether she supports a no fly zone, despite her past statements saying she would.
frustrating isn't it? difference is has repeatedly stated her position. wait for debates. she's ready.
another melissa perri mistakenly put my email in her toys r us orders and i'm getting confirmations for baby cribs ordered...
what are you not telling us?
have a safe trip, do your thing out there!
thank you !!
lieberman is quoted here too! lieberman! of all people!
reporters know they can get an easy "what clinton is doing wrong" quote from axe. it's too easy.
the charlotte, nc, cop whose killing of a black man prompted protests is also black, the mayor's office says...
the color of the officer doesn't matter. it's about who's being killed! you have no clue the issues.
mommy promised the thunder boomer would be over soon. i'll just wait here
oh yu so bootiful. i hate boomies too!
we should go to sixflags next weekend. what else are we gonna do, get drunk?
and you are?
looking for a freelance, remote website manager that can take on adhoc website content uploads as and when
if you're considering agency, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
smoking a thai stick with today will good a good day
y'all couldn't wait for me
his pops was that nigga , it hurts so much they didnt tell him that off rip . he could have grown up differently i feel
everyone thought nothing of him, so enemies would have no interest or aware of him. hiding in plain sight
need new friends asap cus nah
don't even see the point in telling you this lol
looking for restaurant recommendations for . any hot tips?
love lolo's seafood shack, taco mix, original patsy's
we must make colleges and universities free for students whose families earn less than $140,000 a year.
this is part of family planning. parents often save for their children's college education.
i have the same thing lol
you using anything for the pain? this shit sucks
why do sites have them at 43 then?
these are the numbers at one lv sports book: i didn't make anything up
both boys and girls can enjoy a wide range of interests without having gender questioned. leo, however, did question it
how do you know if leo's questions about her gender are more intense than other child's? all minds are nonbinary, most minds,not
assuming they have any money left after all these stupid ads.
bite your tongue!
now master obama is trying to shame blacks into voting for hillary. only look to his 2008 campaign to know what he...
he fooled most americans who were cheated by a false press who deliberately unvetted this man and covered for him. all data sealed
seriously pisses me off hearing the whispers and giggles behind me in class
focus. there will always be distractions
always with the isles, but right behind in second: go pk, and go preds go.
you have to wonder if the trading this guy ends up on par with the red sox selling ruth. just confounding.
seriously? a fast food challenge? i have over 7,000 check-ins, you should know me bette...
ah, challenges aren't customized to users and we switch them up regularly so all users can play in categories they frequent
my new whittle sister annie. we been busy playing and cuddling.
yu haz tiny puppy sisfur? wow. i lufs puppies! my sisfur twinkle waz one wen she came to us, but now she gwew up!
i can't wait for an illegal to stab one of these robots.
/ showing a complete failure to understand how society will operate once we have the demographics of .
thank you you truely have paved the way for
thank you! it was both my pleasure and honour
dude myob. gonna tell them to "calm down"? oh okay then. bye
you're on twitter anything that decides to pop up on my feed is business. now like i said , calm down with that word u ignorant bitch
kim, we're grateful for the ! please follow back! visit us for good music, books, photos, ideas at
there you go again, kim, being a good friend! thanks for the ! visit us for music, books, photos:
ha, that's awesome. i know he was working out in colorado last week still in his wings gear.
apparently he has a place there still. plays at the club my brother runs
hyperbole does get attention these days though ;) and it's good to at least check if the plot does represent the data...
absolutely (on both; especially: always check! researcher should delve into complexity &amp; decide whether audience needs to, too)
still gotta hit the stripclubs though
ha! u tryna be lit!!!
mommy's going to tennessee to get my new sister. she's a 6 week old catahoula pup
wow she cute
we must make colleges and universities free for students whose families earn less than $140,000 a year.
it should not be "free" but responsible and available.
when is it ever specified when a white officer shoots a black man? its never the first line
it irrelevant and the media has been the one perpetuating the racism and hate. it's about who is being killed
robby mook didn't take the bait. a campaign manager is not there to explain complex policy to you. ask about the campaign
are you serious? then why is he on tv? stay in your hole if you can't answer the questions
let's just acknowledge that bagels exist only to be vehicles for cream cheese
i've always said that too!!!!
trump calls first debate moderator a democrat; records show otherwise lester holt, is registered as a republican ....ducking and dodging
trump is a know nothing fool. holt should be on guard for any trump sneaky tricks, then vote for hillary, the better candidate.
shawty lo died?!? what is this world coming to
niggas gotta wear seat belts brah smh
try to nominate someone next time who isn't a leftist like trump?
stfu loser! u say this with a straight face after u voted 4 gwb of medicare exp, mccain amnesty king &amp; mitt of romneycare
. mobilizing women's rights orgs across africa to hold their govs accountable to co...
very nice good work
seriously? a fast food challenge? i have over 7,000 check-ins, you should know me bette...
eg last month was coffee shops and i think there was a taco joint one recently too.
if your argument is so good, you should be able to educate us deplorabled
if you haven't been educated by now, you never will be. your vote is visceral; it's not based on logic.
considering making instant oatmeal with coffee instead of water. will this work?
depends on the flavor of the oatmeal.
stun gun for anyone in the family that sings all night. ...
thought that was chris walken,
the knicks - not gsw - have attracted the most bets to win the title at the westgate super book, per . nyk is 80-1 to win it all
the most tickets. a lot of $5 , $10 bets. golden state has the large majority of $$$
looking for a talented ux/frontend developer, send me your portfolios
we have good experience in website design/development. our portfolio: email: leads.com
the bush family detests the gop nominee, and now have become his foil | getty
we owe debt of gratitude for flushing supposed "establishment"
i wish people had bigger hearts.
literally bigger hearts.
well the record sounds amazing - congratulations!
thanks chelsea! glad you dig it.
wcw steiner was a lot more fun
mate, steiner is always fun.
we must make colleges and universities free for students whose families earn less than $140,000 a year.
family planning also includes the disciplines for study and skills development. do the low income families plan for this?
gooood morning nerds!
good morning
don't fall asleep on the keyboard
i'm going into the bathroom for that
well these 2 little cunts are irritating lmao
lmaooo. you have to learn to ignore ! they dont effect your grade so fuck em.
i seem to be in the same boat as you. ug.
any chance the time difference is messing up the ordering? (i.e times are local to the area)
pull a carrot from the ground on a small farm it is covered in dirt but is it clean? rip food what is food
food is a social construct
when is it ever specified when a white officer shoots a black man? its never the first line
stay focused, keep pushing the facts.
we must make colleges and universities free for students whose families earn less than $140,000 a year.
that is how mom probably rose out of the dust to her wealth.
"dear old pip, old chap, i and you was ever friends." -joe garagery
oh, how much i hated pip's sister.
special report: this poll of the us military has tied w/ in the race for president...
thank goodness the 'military' only makes up less than 1% of the country.
you don't sleep when the sun goes down?
not last night
i'd wager there are 20 ppl in line before 7am.
i'd wager you're right. i was for the sak's event
i know this is a duh statement, but a slight adjustment in footwork will make a huge difference. everything else i...
he's so panicked he can't let his body get lined up. problem is - he's been panicked ever since coming into the nfl...
we all play a role in protecting our environment. what are some things you do to help?
our dyehouse is oeko-tex std 100 certified. we run 0% landfill. we process many traceable, sustainable, or recycled fibers.
denada - no way
brand new tune star
was just saying yesterday i gotta get more cutlery.
i thought i was being a good adult... but with all these forks missing, idk what life is
beautiful pic you shot duckie, duckie, duckie!
thankies!!! tis wednesday!!! and ya know what that means!! tis doughnut...
yeah bats went cold smh
there's always tonight.. well have a good one!
nra working to run up trump's margins in rural areas
rednecks are their ppl
brooks strikes again. any of y'all struggling that jt plays for canada? anyone?
he is struggling for content....he should be at the world cup talking to his old buddy torts.
happy birthday brian!!
thank you molly
okay, 80s kids: name the movie! cc:
over the top!
yeah i know. but maybe she just wants to.
hey, i watched tarzan....and not for his swinging vine qualities...
counting down the days until i stop caring about sweating and wear boots and a leather jacket every day again anyway.
couldn't agree with you anymore.
this sunday is social media sunday -- post a pic or comment from church!
wait, isn't every sunday social media sunday?! ;)
just 120 days until this a-hole leaves office.
the choice in this election has dampened my enthusiasm
because the opinion/actions of one person define an entire race? believing that is the literal definition of racism
let's see when and if it affects you directly you'll feel the same. i watched ppl jump from the 110fl of 1/2
morning harry!
hope everything's going alright!
and my path is filled with poo. not figurative. literal poo. sometimes in diapers. sometimes on the couch.
momlife is the best life tho!
he fooled most americans who were cheated by a false press who deliberately unvetted this man and covered for him. all data sealed
now they're doing same thing w hillary. ignoring her failures as sos n senator;cheating the donors in the cf;playing pay 2 play.
weekend free?!
yes ma'am is anyone else down for shenanigans?
how much of what kills kids' love of reading is done to them at school? unsettling reflections by :
truth: "i make time to read because i love reading." yes.
there is one on 34th, might have to pass by after work
yeah i know i pass it everyday. i'll prob do the same tomorrow
his hair wack, his gear wack, his foot stance ...wack
i can't stop watching this
nothing with python so far. been doing a lot with , though.
oh, interesting. using it for statistics specifically?
new tomato vine candle?
small world, it's made by a store from hudson!
couldn't help but think about this
1917..586..2333..ambrose..1917.586..2333
congratulations on growing internationally and presenting events in canada and au...
is there anyone in the industry with as much love and passion for wrestling &amp; its fans as ?
our pop-up runs deep doesn't it? we first met at a pop-up event &amp; our last day working together was at one! miss u friend!
it sure does! i consider it a life-changing moment of fate
in the words of the late, great whitney houston, "i learned from the best, i learned from you..."
maybe true. i wouldn't take bathing tips from whitney though
fuck your dumbass turnstiles for taking $10 out of my metro card i just refilled. every time i swiped it said swipe again
then it wants to say i got $2 left like i just had $12 and change on it
hey, just checking- isn't bribery of a public official a criminal act for all involved?
why wasn't trump jailed?
i was this close to 3 years ago. time flies.
me too! ahh! except in the front row, this looks like bstage?
the charlotte, nc, cop whose killing of a black man prompted protests is also black, the mayor's office says...
news is about reporting the facts! because obviously mainstream media aren't getting the proper training, s...
i've never picked it up, but i've heard good things. what am i missing?
basically it's 'something something 80's/nerdy reference something something'. which admittedly carries it for a while.
trump retakes the lead in north carolina as clinton unexpectedly postpones local fundraiser (via )
john roberts dishonest in adding word racist to his trump reporting
this says more about trump than hrc....military always goes gop
so true. i guess they like fighting in illegal wars
whenever james franco does anything!! it automatically becomes a look you're nuts
i've always had a preference to dave anyway
because the opinion/actions of one person define an entire race? believing that is the literal definition of racism
the wtc b/c of these filthy animals, until you witness something like that keep your stupid mouth shut!!2/2
can't recommend this article enough, even though strangely silent on the more devastating side effects of t
this link didn't work for me?
future makes me feel weird things and questions life choices??
lmfaoooo *pulls out pf driveway 40 seconds ago*
nutrient arms race. general mills ceo says company will pump up protein in yoplait yogurt given greater competition
endlessly hungry. general mills exec says people searching for "satiety benefit" - foods that will keep them fuller for longer.
it was bstage!
such amazing memories from this night!!!
silence disco interview
haha the whole interview no sound
mike pence wows press with speech in pouring rain at virginia rally ...
what press? they sure as hell won't talk about it openly.
remarkable on 2.0 shoutout &amp; the rest of you &amp;
" is a visceral encounter with some of the most important ideas of your faith" -
i thought i did too
guess not cause i was gonna message cause no one else is on and im bored as hell
i'm broke and hungry and you not trying to help my situation all because you want to keep moving around
i have your notebooks you never came to get
oh nah i would be rushing that to lol i wanna go there so bad
yeahh, heard it's nice
next semester i'm only taking class 3 days a week and no earlier than 12 bc honestly i'm tired as shit
it doesn't go as planned lol
basically it's 'something something 80's/nerdy reference something something'. which admittedly carries it for a while.
but it's not really well plotted or written, and the characters are annoyingly flat. i'm hesitant to call the main guy a gary stu..
"workplace equality gets a seat at the c-suite" - we love this initiative. great move &amp; !...
why not have lead and put out goals for diversity numbers? pr &amp; talk are not enough
so your only counting rapes that were a family affair?
i'm a little worried about that response. we're talking about syrian refugees. none involved? cool. bye
that's from a book i'm reading called the hidden life of trees but it also describes..... me
ugh i want to read that
trump campaign response to 's great reporting is to attack him and not dispute one specific fact.
and wait for tdrump's taxes. finito la comedie!
"as if you know anything about me". i dub thee, mr. disingenuous
and i dub thee, blocked. bye.
thanks for remembering. my piece on how clinton's campaign recognizes it needs to make an affirmative case for her:
her nyt piece today won't help much. pablum.
this kid just invited my roommate and i to a movie night in his dorm and guess what movie he wants to watch?! nanny mcphee
you're living the college dream
holy fuck this is a staggering level of willful ignorance.
y'all just have to believe in "magic dirt" theory. it's our only hope.
torch your chest with the sled by starting with your arms bent and push sled away from you to full arm extension, dont run
saw on instagram story few days back
i'm cancelling everything to go to the book signing tomorrow.
fuuuuuck so jealous. enjoy yourself!
i hate being the responsible one. can i just let go and be careless for once?
yassss boo u can
yes! why don't trump supporters care about his constant lying? and they lie for him! what is that about?
even better is that they claim to want a "winner" yet stand behind a flag of "los...
indian journalist writes open letter to fawad khan, tells him to return to pakistan
yet the indian journalist wants to ignore all indian atrocities in kashmir
how did we at ? by busting taboos with our
the is still one of our favorites
" limousine " ft " terserah boy " on
brand new tune star
poor joe scarborough got his feelings hurt because robby mook wouldn't put words into 's mouth.
then why was he on tv?
for 4 mins, clinton campaign manager painfully dodges qs on syria policy - asks "what're you here for?"
and he keeps laughing
never seen otherwise-smart people in so much denial about something as they are about trump's chances. same mistake...
have both noticed this and can't help think the volatility of polls plus is problematic. more reactionary than presented?
torch your chest with the sled by starting with your arms bent and push sled away from you to full arm extension, dont run
saw on instagram story a few days back and oh my god
great piece by zucc. i remember hearing we may sign "mza" in 8th grade and couldn't find out who that was. love him
i was on the espn rumors page that was behind a paywall and hoping to get enough info from the title. one day i read that 4 teams are
which is kind of a shame
like slinging dirt over a brick wall onto your enemies
but it's not really well plotted or written, and the characters are annoyingly flat. i'm hesitant to call the main guy a gary stu..
but it kinda fits. i went in expecting to love it and are kinda disappointed by it. that said, the movie should be good.
leading wapo: "trump may have violated laws against 'self-dealing' with charity money."
will he be in handcuffs at the debate?
woot! is off and running. if you'd like to watch me awkwardly wheel across stage see for a live stream
i have no idea how you can do that organizing devopsdays is close to too much. break a leg
i bet 100 they don't
only if you bet 100$ that utah won't finish top 5 in the west
former jeppe student speaks out about that angry teacher
brand new tune star
it's obvious the answer is janet's "love will never do (without you)" or janet's "you want this"
that's 2 answers
i'm italian( and white), i don't know (sorry) but i can tell her that even from here i stand with...
well said, brought tears to my eyes.
why does no one ever talk about paint you wings
first song that came on shuffle this morning, how u do this
lmfao so i've heard. my schedule is all over the place this semester
yea and especially since u a freshman u pick classes last
everybody mad at robby mook for doing exactly what trump &amp; his surrogates have done for 15 months.
hrc campaign needs to be better than
i was on the espn rumors page that was behind a paywall and hoping to get enough info from the title. one day i read that 4 teams are
in contention to sign mza. detroit nyr, dallas and i think la. i was getting hyped, i was 12 at the time our top center was christensen
urban outfitters staff miss the class on non-binary acceptance via
little girls are so uncool
interesting, yet good reply
that proves it
that's if you believe trump that he is now pro-life and will appoint originalists. i don't. he can't be trusted.
did you feel same about mitt who was a pro choice &amp; in govt to implement his views vis-a-vis trump who was a private citizen?
when i say text i ment lyrics
les miz is a rock opera, as are phantom and jc. even some opera can have spoken dialogue.
former campaign manager/current pundit . got another $20k in august through his llc from trump for "strategy consulting"
throwing anything against the wall since they have zero and field's remains irrelevant yet beautiful
should i now own myself w/the "how do you do, fellow kids?" meme? b/c i think i should.
only old people try to self-burn on social media.
thanks bby, (it's the meaning behind my paper airplane tattoo)
girl i already know
always on the look out for a platform to start that photographic narrative i've been threatening to start, since forever.
i hear that a lot come take a look!
bring more to a presentation than you could use
i would be interested in hearing more on this particular topic?
we'd love to team up and go over what's happening with your iphone and ios 10.0.1. to begin, let us know if you've tried anything.
updated all apps and have rebooted &gt; 10 times. i tried to record a birthday video in fb but touch button wouldn't work.
as trump assembles the gotv armies of mordor, samwise actor visits ohio to deliver precious electoral votes
i'm sure will use that next
patience jonathan won't go scot free if guilty - efcc chairman -
brand new tune star
hillary caught using green screen to fake audience again is everything clinton ever does a lie or cheating?
cnn didn't superimpose 's audience? she is now copying everything trump's doing.
what specifically was inaccurate or omitted? asked the campaign about the reporting earlier and have yet t...
here you go. report this.
in contention to sign mza. detroit nyr, dallas and i think la. i was getting hyped, i was 12 at the time our top center was christensen
i spent days finding who was this "mza" in hockey before i looked through the shl website. once i found him i spent so much time watching
'old firm' victory for sevco! via
sevco lead the eay over east end rivals with spectacular delisting display
coming up! joins us live at 7am/et
this guy is a fraud
find an nwp sticker on your campus and take a with it for a chsnce to win a free nwp tshirt &amp; free entry to ou...
spelled chance wrong kill me now
when i say text i ment lyrics
who said is not a rock opera? if anything more opera than rock.
why do i suspect you won't apply that principle universally?
-1 difference is that was killed&amp;kidnapped after a ceasefire &amp;he wasnt attacking anyone.
guess what he's had balls deep in his rectum...
it never takes long for the bigotry, racism, homophobia to come out from most trump fans. thank you for this.
no, i'm on season 2!!
cool, you will be really surprised when you find out who it is!!
spelled chance wrong kill me now
n im not deleting it because i dont wanna retype that shit
i enjoyed the finale since it was so bold with its reverence to the 80's and it was fun.
i'm at the halfway point. where the plot suddenly stops so we can find out about his rig/masturbation habit.
yes!!! and i am finding peace within the water of happiness.
finding peace within the water of happiness!!
a 2 yr old is 100% self-centered. development means wider &amp;wider perspective. trump still has world view of 2 yr old. as our president?
can you influence the press to stop covering his rallies till he gives up his personal taxes. no press is trump's kryptonite.
"essentially it()'s propaganda. is a ." -
" is a manner of being didactic about something... &amp; if that thing is good, there's no problem with it at all." -
dog parenting day two: my dog just took a shit over an open air vent in my apartment
sounds about right
we must see his tax returns he's involved with a lot of bs &amp; i'm sure christie is involved too!
yup and they continually let him slid...
nooo! i'm not done with the beach yet
well you have a few more hot days...like today...lol
oct 12 needs to get here quicker i'm dying to finish my sleeve
you went already ?
guess what he's had balls deep in his rectum...
people filled with this much hate really just hate themselves. look in the mirror. you're a failure. it's no one else's fault.
wearing you're "i survived ap chemistry 2015" to your organic chemistry class is making you look like schmuck
wow so many mistakes in this tweet
milk is nature's no. 1 most perfect food, contained with the most essential nutrients for a healthy lifestyle....
brand new tune star
i spent days finding who was this "mza" in hockey before i looked through the shl website. once i found him i spent so much time watching
his highlights i think i watched it every day. he's now not only my favorite but an overall organization favorite. zucc is a cult hero man
but over 40 years your chance of being stabbed in a st cloud mall is one in ten bazillion. yay!
so, if they just steal your car -that's ok
makes them harder to find in the dark ;-)
that outlet is the look of getting caught when the lights come back on
she's ridiculous! hillary tries to hit trump on his foundation, trips and lands on her proverbial backside instead
, your d-u-n, toast, ill-equiped, not qualified. , call in the 'b' team or forfeit.
if i find one more rattata in my apartment
gotta catch them all?!
third rail coffee in ev is probably the best i've found. everyman espresso is a big spot as well if you need to spread out.
perfect. i like to take fully extended naps in sf coffee shops to make people think about our homelessness issues.
you can rt my stuff but not text back? oh okay
lol sorry main . i be thinking i be texting people back but i never send the message
na ima need my dj homies to start playing fuck up the club &amp; tourist more often
been playing out fuck up the club for a few now. great song
tatyana volosozhar and maksim trankov are skipping this season because volosozhar is pregnant.
i'm not sure how i'm going to make it through the season without 'em.
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
yeah a bowel movement.
another day, more shootings, and another new hashtag. one more example that black lives are not valued.
1) maybe the hashtag blacklivesarenotvalued is the message we need to push forward for positive change to occur.
having the hardest time deciding whether to study abroad next semester or in the fall
well hurry up and decide bc i'm waiting to book my flight
if you cant schedule 2 fundraisers, or handle more than one email account, how can you lead a country? she is unfi...
no candidate would forego fundraisers, .she must be having one of her bad days. imagine: missiles on route to la, she's napping.
i hear you. just one of my favorite things about 4sq is how well you know me. this just feels off to me.
would you rather not see the challenge at all? remember swarm = coins, 4sq = personalized recommendations
milk is nature's no. 1 most perfect food, contained with the most essential nutrients for a healthy lifestyle....
brand new tune
i find it hard to associate the word "biblical" with anything trump or clinton does.
reading through your twitter feed, i could say the same for you so remove the log from your eyes... u know the rest
i'm letting you flip a coin. 2 options from one source. it counts lol
then i choose to have an s club party instead
since '28, only once in history has the s&amp;p 500 moved b/t -0.03% and 0.03% 3 days in a row. it was in apr '43. could happen today.
lol highly doubt it's today
no, sir, this is most surely not the united states. this is , something as far from as you cou...
bo's domestic legacy (see iran and russian reset for foreign affairs)
pope: we don't cover up the light of god: via
doing good is not an offense. it is an act of construction. in other words it brings benefit for all.
sheriff joe arpaio in arizona is still investigating president obama's birth certificate:
why do the people continue to vote him in - such an idiot
perfect. i like to take fully extended naps in sf coffee shops to make people think about our homelessness issues.
also i dropped into a place and thought their beer selection was actually an $8 coffee selection. ny is crazy.
now if only we could write nix expression describing hr/vendor information (encrypted) to automate hr/vendor on-boarding. nixhr anyone? ;)
i want to hear more about this fantastic world!!!
just discovered i'm running dangerously low on ghostbusters twinkies, but at least now i can hunt for new stuff!
i have some stored away with an extra case of ecto cooler!
i know people in the lgbt community in dallas who plan to vote for trump which is total madness.
very difficult to understand. against own interests.
that is not true. the real problem in america is racist white people. give the land back to the natives and go back
white man make america heep good
reminder: downstein, lipton, kimmel, kosher, jasper kane, third north, palladium will close at 2:30 pm today
these locations will open for the nyueats event from 5-8 pm
. on vetting process: "is it perfect? can it be perfect? can it be foolproof? probably not, no."
this is a total tool
milk is nature's no. 1 most perfect food, contained with the most essential nutrients for a healthy lifestyle....
brand new tune
handle on my laptop bag broke over two weeks ago. still have not received a response from customer service
hi matthew! we are checking on this now. we are so sorry. can you please dm us your contact info?
alex showing cats, giphy stats and tools, first up @
nice seats you've got! i'm at the back
i've been given the (rather velvety) boot. it's been a pleasure to work with you.
great working with you as well, looking forward to your next adventure!
which song is this?
the remix to michael jackson's wanna be startin' something.
even better reason to accept muslims and not alienate their religion. we need more understanding in this world
is am has no tolerance you fool
. i'm pretty sure the camps bay police department has asbestos gutters and ceilings. surely not safe?
asbestos is chill until it gets removed... that's when the little particles break off to be inhaled.
i think should've been doing something important tonight too
i don't know what's in worse shape right now; men's us soccer or usa ice hockey
*hugs* if wanted
thanks love i'm gonna light up my incense and pray
waiting for the flight. heading to new york this morning.
have a safe trip!
wow. posted by a black student at the university of north dakota. ()
ugh. trump america.
did alessandro michele just become incredibly self aware
some of these clothes are not good! or am i being rude?
man on the moon cudi was the best cudi
maybe the best is yet to come
lt. gen. flynn is going to make your hostile enemies implode. godspeed
he has the right fight for donald and is smart enuf to confer w all the great generals that left o.
motion to bring back aim
can't wait to make my profile
charlotte police shooting: protests erupt after cop serving warrant kills man
very sad news
london's muslim mayor tells new yorkers that terrorism is "part and parcel of life in a big city"
that is not the way i choose to live
what are some really good falsies
model 21 for you fob bitches
team meat based.
vegans like this drive me crazy... people cant just do their own shit
it is, i'm just being silly. how are you
i know.. lol.. i'm ok..at least it's hump day
the time for talking the talk ticks down as the season for walking the walk draws nigh
heidi prophecies
my column on fleabag, a nasty-funny, brilliantly structured heartbreaker about a single woman in london:
i watched this last night. actually a very good show, albeit a bit sad. if you loved ...
well, clinton has lied to us during her presidential campaign. that is actually true
i think you're imagining that as a much more damning charge that it is for, like, any politician.
flipped some big ass tires last night. never did that before. that was pretty cool.
nice. where?
bad science screwed millions with chronic fatigue syndrome. ron davis to the rescue: via
this is a great example of how patients can be gaslighted. good for cfs sufferers &amp; professionals for banding together.
you should come to the east coast and chill with us!
everyone get your asses to the port chester show!
video: becca - beshiwo (feat. bisa kdei)
brand new tune
no one begrudges mayor going to gym. people question if it makes sense to drive 12 miles and work out mid-morning.
today's post story is not about the enviro impact of his work-out
it is also actually true the clinton conspired with the dnc to fix the democratic primary
genuinely: i know the dnc preferred clinton and achieved their aim shadily. was not aware that clinton participated actively.
my nine year old daughter: "trump means 'fart'. why would anyone vote for a fart?" exactly.
? five year olds are good authorities for dems. probably brighter.
same reason kelly ann conway and mike pence goes on tv
hrc campaign needs to be better - those two are clowns
i mourn for the lack of accountability you must have as a leader in your church.
oh lord, he's a pastor?! amazing how often those that put "deplorable" in their names are actually so
"i can't speak to the decisions that they made at the time" on report hillary rewarded top donors wi...
phoney slime ball
do you think criticism is fair for his mid-morning gym schedule?
it's like criticizing for taking a shower before a meeting. exercise is for health, not vanity. childish but par for the post
who is us president barack obama most likely to pardon for transmitting classified documents or other crimes toward the end of his term?
it won't be hillary because she won't be convicted.
good morning
fat piece?? why does it have to be a fat piece?? can't he just be a regular piece of shit? more intense??
a nation without borders is not a nation at all. we will make america safe again! !
a list of your lies.
gope not interested in stopping obama. gope is complicit....
very true listen carefully what the agenda is if you closely hear what o said at un
a show would be must-see tv, right? wsj says nbc parent $cmcsa may want to consider buying t-mobile. $tmus up 2% .
thought comcast had jv w/ att for wireless?
who wants to talk about practical fashion of engineer (nail length, importance of pocket, headphone+makeup, etc) with me on podcast ?
it's very important to wear the right engineering socks
nature puts on the best shows on earth!
love your cover photo! so peaceful!
basically: describing how are winning the culture war &amp; fight against :)
" would pickup the duty that it used to have &amp; that we've neglected because of certain misfounded ideas"
in the wake of violence across the country, obama's spokesperson said the u.s. is in a "narrative fight" with isis.
, a 'narrative' fight isn't even, on par with, a pillow fight.
on my podcast this week says more smart things about creativity in 1 hr than most do in a lifetime.
really is the man.
the video is simple. i think she could have done something more creative and got people talking about the song.
yea, but i think from her....the video being simple is symbolic of a new era. usually her visuals are...insane
happy bday to my pops rip..3rdward solja military all his life ...promise i finish what i...
thought weezy was your son
nope...it's french...they call it "faux"!
stop fauxk'n around
thanks for featuring us! it's going to be harder for the next few years with united changing its redemption routing!
they never make it easy for us! thanks so much for contributing =)
lool i see it working tho..and if it doesn't, cut it low and still blonde..could never go wrong with that style
you're bugging the fuck out if you think i'd cut my hair
"i should really add my left thumb to touch id" - me for 6 mos after upgrading
don't do it. accuracy for primary thumb greatly decreases
i updated runtastic from
ok i guess i am still waiting.
wow i'm so glad i brought home that french toast cc:
bring it to meeeee...
excellent on talking about birtherism's impact on african-americans. best explanation i've heard.
i miss on cable news
or drunkenly crash into you or rape yr daughter, who cares, odds are super-low right?
...or retard your child's schooling because his teacher is dealing with the esl's
genuinely: i know the dnc preferred clinton and achieved their aim shadily. was not aware that clinton participated actively.
even if it was "fixed" (which is a stretch), she didn't fix it. hiring the lady who did do the fixing was a terrible move, mind.
winding down 3-monther at spark this week. amazing bunch of humans. next stop: the us just in time for their dreadful, stupid elections.
where in the us?
ill choke you out wit yo blue flag you faggot bitch
ma still missing? bitch dead like shawty lo
at . resisting the urge to drink fresh hop at 6 a.m.
i knocked back 20 ounces and a burrito on sunday night. red-eye prep!
" would pickup the duty that it used to have &amp; that we've neglected because of certain misfounded ideas"
" should be one of the tools by which we improve our art should be didactic."
end of my street. looks promising for tasty factor. vegan kosher, though - that's pretty easy to do.
and smart so they can cater to more than one clientele. it's very important for kosher restaurants in places like salem &amp; pgh.
i'll take the other side of that
shouldn't that say .3% not .03%??
thanks for the subtweet
omg and other countries
waiting to get sworn in as a real lawyer! (note, brooklyn appellate division courthouse lawyers' lounge has only me...
also, for some reason men cannot have bags with them when being sworn in, but women can.
how did donald trump jr. become even more loathsome than his dad?
- easy, he just watched his dad in action and added his higher level of stupidity to the mix
video: becca - beshiwo (feat. bisa kdei)
brand new tune
i think general criticism throughout has been the timing and traveling to another borough for the gym, not the exercise
it's 30 min. if the post hadn't gone with express purpose of writing that article (after a stake out) no one would have noticed
this is one of the most vicious prison beatings i've ever encountered. inmate suffered broken bones, collapsed lung
one guard took inmate's ripped out dreads as trophy. then officers tried to cover it up by making it look like the inmate attacked them.
my dunkin donuts coffee tastes like chinese food. either i'm sick again or this is just nasty.
what did you ask for in it? hot or iced?
loved '4 simple steps to anticipate customer needs'. quickly identifying the trends is quite important indeed - great tips.
thanks! glad you found it helpful!
thus what is believable at any given moment matters. candidates ask us to trust them
i'm struggling to figure out what standard you're applying. when do we have a candidates who's never lied about anything?
nuke the valley. or at least get blocked/muted by it. same thing.
haha oh shit, who blocked you? andreesen?
or drunkenly crash into you or rape yr daughter, who cares, odds are super-low right?
...or raise your health-insurance costs. why is so fucking stupid?
finally says if anyone self deals on foundation they go to jail but trump?his campaign says inaccuracies but cant explain them
1) economy 2) military 3) borders trump! trump! trump! citizens want to feel safe. wake up!!!
very excited to be producing this great new work!!!
are u performing?
nope...it's french...they call it "faux"!
fauxk'n french
david, you use the 10 word liberal vocabulary well. hrc would be proud, except ur a white male.
don't need her to be proud but to win in nov. only two people i wanted to make proud already are: mom &amp; dad
it is not mandatory to show ur taxes. it is mandatory to keep this current. do ur own research!
no, it's not mandatory. it's only something every major party nominee has done for the last 40 years. except one. so far.
why isn't it?!
i genuinely cannot fall asleep it's not like i stay up all night on purpose
i think every single one of my rbs are hurt. ap, woodhead, abdullah, foster.
and stewart...
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
if you're deplorably committed to our country and people, count me in! trump/pence
trust you gregory but yes let it be also keep his sense of humor no exams lots of good music and hymns god is god ofmelody
trust in god. he is the one who makes things right and beautiful. thank you for sharing your love and concern.
put away that phone young man. you're in school. lol
lol! i'm currently learning "the mathematics of getting around."
am i right in thinking that ios "rich" notifications only work with 3d touch? so my iphone6 can't archive mail from lock/tray anymore?
somehow works on my se? kinda drag it down
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
you would take us straight to hell. you are an evil hateful person.
new wwe 2k17 gameplay video feat. charlotte vs bayley highlights!
join &amp; subscribe this list..
'old firm' victory for sevco! via
the desperation is taking things to a whole new level
think jt would have undressed leddy the way he did the other two last night?
umm nope...he would have gone after his partner..
agreed but i can appreciate simple with a creative plot
i agree. i would have preferred a creative plot in the lyrics....def didnt get that. but...whatevs. lol
big day for science at today: countries are ratifying climate change &amp; discussing
while we've passed the countries threshold (60 of 55), we're still waiting on the emissions threshold (48% of 55%)...
our 3rd season together
my fav season too
if ever takes questions from the press, i'd like to see him asked how he would respond to the attack on the relief convoy.
hopefully we'll never have to find out.
trust busting: the dangerous contradiction between economic reality and political rhetoric
and this one
i immediately thought of you when i saw one
ugh you have such a special place in my heart
cant wait to see both &amp; today
i must be chopped liver
the beneficiary of the cheating didn't have any role in the cheating? who are you trying to convince here, me or you?
i'm saying we don't know either way. she had an interest in participating, but did she, in fact? is there info i'm missing here?
i'm seriously contemplating switching banks. really lost my trust.
never had a problem with !
you reap what you sow...
nfl and owners are schmucks.keep the kaepernicks in locker room til after anthem or better,teach them american history
i don't get why she would care though? am i missing something lmao
i'm sure she doesn't care - i find the entire situation as karma
lol and we were nervous it was gonna be hard ...
glad we don't have to worry about absences when we come
i am not a scary monster because i am "mentally ill."
also if "i am mentally ill" then why do people treat me like a criminal? illness requires care and love.
thanks! about 4 months now! i'm getting super speedy!
oh cool! twinkle just started sunday!
now available all time low - straight to dvd ii past,presents&amp;future hearts(cd+dvd) idr 320k
brand new tune star
curtis hanson was one of my favorite directors. l.a confidential is a masterpiece, but if you haven't seen wonder boys, treat yourself.
la confidential was one of favs, too. will check out wonder boys!
left: 90 minutes ago. right: 60 minutes ago. sensitive! (h/t )
also check out that app review!
the "killer skip spin" streetball move! share if you think this move is crazy! how to do it:
folks talk about the 3pt shot changing the game but allowing players 2carry the ball while dribbling has helped the offense 2.
i'm not fond of the whole premise - flashpoint was a terrible idea to televise.
thing it's it won't last very long in the series however it's cool to see wally west in the costume
just days after muslims attack new york, new jersey &amp; minnesota, nyc mayor is calling for more muslim migration!
defoggg, clueless warren.
time to get rid of my everlane purse away. too many people have it.
the tote bag? i swear i see 50% in my neighborhood using some version of the oversized leather tote.
its raining
im not crazy then wtf
the entire class wrote letters as to why they weren't prepared she played herself
she was standing there receiving "dear professor" like...
that's my school lmao.
oh really? maybe we met in a past life.
when you hookup w/ someone then realize they look exactly like your sibling... -
brand new tune star
this is something i dislike abt her...she says women should have each other's backs but is always bashing angelina
jennifer a. is her bestie .. plus when has chelsea ever gave 2 fucks?
this is exactly what i cannot stand about this country sometimes
it's normal. i love apple products, but there are limits as to what i'll spend on them!
you and are the youtubers with the best color grading imo. every video pops. glad you're now following her!
thanks dude. yeah i'm trying to collab with her! let's do it sara!
. hasn't released his tax returns, but these people think he did...
they also don't care that is a pathological liar. a short list:
the capital is not the hard part. and successful investors (by definition) are not willing to give money to bozos.
2 points: 1. depending on who the individual is, capital access can be a 100% nonstarter - we all know the demo stats.
i'm saying we don't know either way. she had an interest in participating, but did she, in fact? is there info i'm missing here?
it's baffling that we're all so stuck on this when her opponent just engaged in textbook quid pro quo corruption in public view.
yes yes, i'm the stupid one because you can't grasp a fundamental concept. bye.
fundamental concept you can't explain hahahaha! this is a typical from a liberal
islamic terror suspect known to fbi uses ied to injure 29 and psych damage to millions in nyc. obama praises the reactive arrest as success.
success is trump in the white house, everything else is more damage to civilized america
i am not a scary monster because i am "mentally ill."
it is a great way to learn how to approach what seems like a "monster" differently...with care and love.
ugh. where nyt treats clinton and trump anti-terror "plans" as equals. (hint: he has none)
that bias towards hrc is the reason i will not buy the nyt! trying the whpo.
reasons no. 2 of 11 from larry summers why the fed shoudn't hike today.
he actually listed10 reasons in 11 tweets. 11th: not going to hike before election when democrats are the incumbent
the most optimistic peanuts strip of all time!
this one is optimistic about president johnson at the top of his term in '64. he will be drafted and...
i don't know how to do this. someone mirror the image and paste on
you asked, and you shall recieve
everyone get your asses to the port chester show!
you must've missed the convo where we all tried to kill each other lol
okay then. he dropped the mic. now if we can pry the pen and phone from his hand, we might stop the lame duck damage
he's such a little girl, it's embarrassing
what a play by texas rangers pitcher nick martinez -
dp of the year
finding peace within the water of happiness!!
kobaa thalpe booking.will message on my lunch break k. hectic day for me.
watch live: japan pm abe says his three priorities are 'the economy, the economy and the economy.'...
shame abenomics has failed then...
okay but have you watch scott pilgrim yet?
*butts in* *waves* you should definitely watch scott pilgrim.
the most unthinking of the laymen can take it literally, as a real event involving real people.
religion also identifies and enforces your "in-group", it prevents atomization which is the goal of managerial liberalism.
this image says it all.
- outstanding
2 points: 1. depending on who the individual is, capital access can be a 100% nonstarter - we all know the demo stats.
2. the 83% failed investment industry avg means a lot of (successful) investors are giving a lot of cap to bozos, bad ideas.
man 101... soil composition and top dressing my yard
nice tutorial it was entertaining, informative, and timely keep'em comming
you must've missed the convo where we all tried to kill each other lol
yeahhh.... you can do that after the show i guess
wow i feel so bad
why lol i don't really complain i think it's more of a joke
word? rt : gucci mane will be performing in dc the same weekend of hennypalooza we out?!
tell kam corleone to make that phone call
i don't see the live stream on the pm page
don't know if there is a live stream but checking on it for you
idk why this didn't tag you
ily thank you
i am sorry. some people are so singular you just can't imagine them doing normal stuff
singular and ready to mingular
my friends only know how to be chill if it doesn't involve swallowing their ego i hardly hang out with anyone now
shut the fuck up
they need a game where the defense and special teams wins them a game. like the giants did last week
with a $20m qb who people swore was underpaid surrounded by these weapons, offense should score more
i'm dead trump's son just blamed stagnant wages on syrian refugees
whoever made this nailed it
currently it is 8:20 am we are an hour behind you.
thanks, i knew it was different !! you've been feeling ok ??
like i said they'll continue 2 go 4 ratings over substance did say if true he'd b in jail but wont press 4 answers
that's exactly the point. why aren't they? i would like to know. he trying to be the president of our country.
yep. it really does dho?! all the floating kothalhus be damned!
and some unknown oddities.in shapes never seen before!natural selection perhaps!
seems like an emergency situation when you are signing charlie whitehurst..
it's always an emergency at the
guess what? donald trump lied again today. a lot. here's a list via
thanks! been retweeting - super great reminder. list that is far too long and that the media ignores.
yes this is good
how is your son doing sister?
downtown brooklyn: old dude chomping on a cigar actually just shouted "hey, i'm walking here" at a car. it was glorious.
and yes, he somehow did it without taking the cigar out of his mouth.
ukraine confirms trump stood them up here in nyc.
maybe he's running scared!
is the crew also going to london? might be fun to set up some meet &amp; greet for all of us over here
only dottino and i will be there. rest of the crew holding it down at the shop back home.
at least i don't vote for baby killers like you do. clinton is your hero. now go jump in a lake.
hero? not quite. i wonder who has paid for more abortions in their lives...donnie or hillary? you're a mark getting conned mike
black ppl can swag anything out
he was more into turning up than actual singing. gospel choirs for the win.
live: the radio program
brand new tune
room for refugees to register to host refugees in your home..
let obama and clinton host one on their homes, chesea has a nice big pad &amp; 2 kids. lead by example.
whether you like 'em grilled, steamed, or chowdah'd, you can't go wrong with these clam recipes:...
looks delicious! we'll have to give some of these a shot.
live: the radio program
brand new tune star
mcgregor in ny
i'm rolling with eddy on this one
you been talkin about this mixtape for yearsss alley you been frank oceaning us and we don't appreciate lol
that's how i know your real tho. you been around to hear about my mixtape for years!
the fascinating thing about jew-hatred among the trumpkins is donald trump has legitimately not incited it with policies or rhetoric.
"the media elite" is whistliest whistle
my agenda tells me it was just 5 years ago
the yearly un summit!
in the wake of the split, here are 10 more shocking celeb break-ups:
how the hell is this news?
sleigh bells albums are female power fantasies that have nothing to do with being sexy or desirable. more transgressive than you think.
they're about blood and guts and revenge but not about being hot, in an industry that packages lingerie as empowerment.
you been talkin about this mixtape for yearsss alley you been frank oceaning us and we don't appreciate lol
but it's my first. can't rush the production.
that one time. @ new york, new york
wonder if you remember me
hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured, get well soon. we need unity &amp; leadership.
already trying2scam&amp;con sheuses hurt2prey on them in time oftragedy&gt;evil
sleep paralysis bro. ask him about the time he got it while we were driving to ny.
yeah he was saying he did, im gonna add that to my claims
if i would put down $ im putting big money on the over what about you?
id stay away from betting because of the unknown here, which is health
have both noticed this and can't help think the volatility of polls plus is problematic. more reactionary than presented?
so the issues aren't how close things are now but how heavily favored hrc was so far in advance of the election.
thanks dom. glad you still enjoy us being asses to each other
hope he's on the next cruise joe !!
nutrient arms race. general mills ceo says company will pump up protein in yoplait yogurt given greater competition
rough quarter for general mills, maker of cheerios, yoplait, progresso
thank god for another day of life
listen to some shawty lo today for the culture
2 points: 1. depending on who the individual is, capital access can be a 100% nonstarter - we all know the demo stats.
always admired that published his deals in the red. such an inexact science, esp early stage.
at least 12 police officers have been injured and several squad cars damaged in ...
we have known for eight years the anti america, anti white and lack of unity and leadership have brought america to ruin
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
your movement hits the water ever morning around 7am
hello there! please let us know the exact error code or error message that appears.
nightingale, canary, baboon. i got a bunch last night
"you should resign. you should give back the money that you took." elizabeth warren calls wells fargo's ceo a crim...
- 1 million percent agree with
live: the radio program
brand new tune
the same typo again :) its 384 gb/s mem speed not the amount of memory (if this was a serious tweet after all)
no it's early
how is this real. how.
i refused to even think about this.
she cannot lock me while she denies my right to bds.
how exactly is hillary clinton preventing you from b, d, or sing?
all i want for my birthday is a follow back from
or maybe for my birthday i could try getting a happy birthday from .. it failed last year
short flight from vancouver to sea is already included in my ticket. although i've to check out in vancouver and go through passport control
and it is tough after a night on a plane!
does anyone else pretend to write down reference numbers people give over the phone by repeating them slowly but really you just don't care?
i do, but i phase out so bad i often repeat them wrong
thanks for the knowledge! i consider myself to be a student of life. any afro-american history books you recommend ?
destruction of african civilization chancellor williams amos wilsons black power
this is cute, lmao but in not in highschool anymore so i can't get asked to homecoming anymore
you still can actually
. &amp; i will be live on facebook at 10:15am et tomorrow to discuss women's empowerment &amp; . what questions do you have for us?
how do we accomplish these worthy in an era where internet &amp; access are not assured? [pris .org]
when i think of as a potus contender i stop and think, "no. america can't be that stupid, can they?"
can they??????
she is planned parenthood's goddess and you are a dimwitted fool. now shut up and run along before i slap u upside your head.
haha fake pastor also fake tough guy (sorta like the fake businessman he idolizes). hilarious you actually think he's pro-life!
live: the radio program
brand new tune
if you missed my questions for ceo john stumpf on his gutless leadership earlier today, take a look.
"if you missed my pandering for votes"
my prof brought her hot husband into class to talk to us and every girl in the class is taking his picture
the only reason im not is bc this dudes head is in my way
related: &lt; 10 pounds from losing my pivotal weight. after that we attack my vmware weight.
ok i'm in! i need to shed that pivotal weight. can we cheer each other on?
if the win the world series with this roster, it will be one of the greatest postseason runs of all time. impossible, no. likely, no
don't get to excited about that, but it's a nice thought
that is bandwidth not amount of ram.
yes that's what i meant but it's the interface
good morning everyone
morning shawty
maybe he should get off his knees and really do something about it like be a cop not a benchwarmer
like be a cop? the kind that shoots unarmed minorities? he already donated $1 million to inner cities &amp; so did
they're about blood and guts and revenge but not about being hot, in an industry that packages lingerie as empowerment.
granted, derek is the primary songwriter. i do wonder if a female solo artist could get away with it. (closest example: lorde?)
bedtime story time or time to eat a book, whatevs.
books are yummy too!
i love this video of us
if we're being honest i've been exposed
i will make all that happen for you
if you don't get me a gun by sunday i will be highly dissappinted
live: the radio program
brand new tune kadondo
iced coffee inspo
jean shorts inspo
i always try to give ian a fist bump or a high five but he just totally ignores me
yeah me too
it's nice not having to clock in
i can't wait
well, there were a few mistakes made. we have had success with multi game projects before, though.
the world can't handle that much tc
to be black is to live &amp; fight through tragedy after tragedy, a never-ending nightmare. ...
athough i am white i still stand with you in the matter of this racial profiling has 2 stop!
the situations in tulsa and charlotte are tragic. we must come together to make america safe again.
what are you going to do to fix it? what are you going to do about these rogue cops? i'll wait....
if you missed my questions for ceo john stumpf on his gutless leadership earlier today, take a look.
those bankers did steal, wf held them accountable. they opened accounts without consent. they stole from people...way to deviate
the lady who just openly discussed wishing for the death of her sister's husband might've just saved my morning. she had style.
sounds like my coworker. she says shit like that daily
any statements by anyone on here that folks do not suffer from abuse, personal and family intimidation is aff their heid. not fun nor funny!
do i detect a billy crystal raging on the howard stern show reference ? ts not fun .. not funny
fuck yeah, one of these days
u can be everyday
granted, derek is the primary songwriter. i do wonder if a female solo artist could get away with it. (closest example: lorde?)
lorde's album was more disaffected than angry, though. you don't see women expressing power through means other than sex in pop anymore.
whoops i triggered garden girl. i never promised her a rose garden
tsk tsk, feisty. i don't imagine you're losing anything at all.
. ceo john stumpf should resign, give back the money he took while the scam was going on, &amp; be criminally investigated.
youre an idiot
good news! because of the missing light in the only room with a mirror, i don't look tired anymore!
ahhhhh that hair though!!!
i told you don't trust govt!!! trips to afghan. father calls him a terrorist. mom is in turkey. # nevertrust
they didn't have this information on monday. they're not mind readers. they uncover it as the investigation proceeds.
yay! so excited. proud of you, sis. i have signed up. will make a plan to stay awake.
&lt;3 miss you tons, sis. time for a catch up chat for sure!
thanks! i will check it out. although the table trick may win over this time around !
if you're near the end just keep going, good luck!!
be careful what u wish gor
be careful what u wish gor indeed
the bush family detests the gop nominee, and now have become his foil | getty
sore losers. he whipped their little boy, and they can't take it. sad ending to family of failure (one term, wmd, jeb!)
i think i would totally dress up as tata for halloween if i find somebody to dress up as pablo
hell yeah she's so pretty and classy i love it
some christians are so refreshingly inspirational
he's a fake pastor who self-identifies as deplorable (correctly so, though, so credit deserved)
the charlotte police officer who shot and killed is also black, mayor's office says
and !!!!!!!!!!
as someone who's aware of your background and experience, that's especially sobering.
and particularly scary...
how exactly is hillary clinton preventing you from b, d, or sing?
also, lol at bernie the former kibbutznik being pro-bds
die hard but with obama is definitely a film i would watch.
i prefer reluctant hero with obama
what's for dinnr chicken
what's all tgat yellow stuff, military rations or something?
the last story mission and its location is epic. as is going back there on patrol. the scale is amazing. although i could not get back out
i don't think there is a way back out. i did survive the fall the 2nd time :) there are two clusters &amp; a ghost down there.
today's cover: jennifer aniston knew brangelina would end one day
how the hell is this shit news?
aces is goood!
k gotta go when u come!!!
.: in the arms of via
impromptus? really?
clinton, trump foundations hit with new allegations
november can't. come to soon this djt is so sad
a bank cashier who steals $20 would be facing theft charges, but wall st execs never hold themselves accountable. not in 2008 &amp; not now.
did stumpf open fake accounts or did dirtbag bankers who now work @ chase, citi, boa open them? accountability has no income line
no one begrudges mayor going to gym. people question if it makes sense to drive 12 miles and work out mid-morning.
but more importantly, why does it matter re: efficiency?
not amount of ram but the bandwidth that's on impressive 384 gb/sec, it means more faster than gtx 1080 (gddr5x)
maybe it's the interface ,
you can call 511. whats the emergency?
i tried to buy a weekly but machine kept telling me my zip code was wrong. so i tried again two more times and it still said ..
lorde's album was more disaffected than angry, though. you don't see women expressing power through means other than sex in pop anymore.
anyway point is: sometimes you really need a soundtrack for female anger that isn't sexy female anger. nice to have it.
the tulsa cop in the helicopter who called crutcher "a bad man" is married to the woman cop who shot crutcher. this was playtime for them!
how could he know the guy was on pcp? he was setting up the narrative.
as long as black people are killing black people and black people stay quiet about it, they will think it's okay to kill black people too.
but those people are...not smart
. looks like you were dropping some nice knowledge earlier! great quotes!
thanks jonathan! when am i coming to wb to drop some more quotes?! ;)
lol this is news to you?
yes! i thought it was like dried pumpkin or something
well, that's quite a bit more than their "more than 320gb/s of memory bandwidth". the ps4 has 176gb/s.
yeah think it's a typo or meaning interface
vegas sets win total at 38.5. do you take da ovah or da undah?
i'll take the ovuh. but if they wind up unduh, then "i nevuh said dat", ughkay?
you can call 511. whats the emergency?
that it was wrong. then i checked my online banking and i got charged 3 times for a weekly. and card still not working
well that's a bit biguer than the bandwith of a gtx 1080
might be interface
7/ there is no "magic soil" in north america that creates freedom, economic expansion, etc. the magic is in the cultural substrate.
culture is a phenotype.
wait a min, i will always love this
yes, that has been mentioned numerous times.
i have a college degree that says otherwise. it's still not my job to explain the difference between
right! have a nice day.
i am not sending out the compliment page, i'm just letting everyone know i think you're amazing and i'm thankful for all of you
you are too jaime !! continued good health !!
you can call 511. whats the emergency?
it was at machine 5401 on 96th and broadway
yes indeed, see for more info.
so comprehensive!
you guys are getting back on?? wtf
nah just our guns and i'm the driver so i have too lol
if its " 384 gb/s" then its memory bandwidth. if he would have said "384 bit" it would be memory interface.
that's what he meant
examples? because hillary's mentor senator robert byrd was in the actual kkk. confusing enforcing existing laws with racism?
byrd confessed his sin byrd repented his sin byrd atoned for his sin things no republican has ever done. ever
he puts sarah palin to shame as the master grifter
palin's surely regretting she never ran when she sees funneling $547k a month to himself.
"get used to eight years of a new world with them in charge." what a horrible thought.
no one is spared from his hatred.
here comes another sanghi with his jhooty story
here comes another pappu ka papplu
some of them are not good!
wait they look a lot better in still photos than on the livestream
you'd think my being a walking encyclopedia of pop culture would have made this an easier task, but i only got one so far.
i've got two possibles for you, but one is totally gonna overlap w/what you have. i have faith in us though.
makes sense gs would attract most money....if your gonna make any real money on 5/7 odds you have to lay alot
right.. i was unaware of the total $ numbers until david pointed them out
with my lil titties and my fat belly my lil titties and my fat belly!!
they still can get sucked on
no, but i'll check it out asap
sooner is the best track, so i'm an idiot for linking the title track.
searching for slew lace-up bootie in 9 or 9.5m in black. will pay premium for pair in good condition
will you send us a dm with your contact info? we'll see if we can track down a pair for you
we need to know: what are the books essential to understanding the american west? give us your favorites from 19th, 20th &amp; 21st centuries
across the wide missouri by bernard devoto
congrats, a! have them do a style piece on me! only half tries but successful i just woke up in '97 look
'97 looks great on you, never change
at dev day? you complimenting the plugin?
i wasn't sure, i think you are. interested to know who demoed it. have them tweet me
i fucked wit his whole album
feels good to be here. that was the name of it
no, it's about him spending 3 hours on it - including commute both ways - and leaving brooklyn gym at 11 am.
do we have any indication that there's a correlation b/w routine and efficiency outcomes?
.:hillary clinton asserts -- is it true? -- trump "has actually said that wages are too high."
if people can't get jobs, one possible reason is that employers can't afford to create jobs at the going rate.
well damn, i'm heading out for a wedding thursday after work. are you busy tonight? beers must be drank.
beers tonight
mafia3, re7, outlast, bioshock co, fighting games. will these come to nx, or should they even?
technically plausible; my bet right now is that none of them will come. but all depends on positioning of the device.
type his name and watch the video
it's fucked up bro
today marks 1-month since i gave up sugar. after 10-12 days, the headaches ceased and my c...
good for you. it is so poisonous to me too.
it wouldn't be college if you didn't do work at the last minute
yea but...after it hit 2 am i was pretty much hating myself
right where i belong. can't get enough of these saskatchewan sunsets.
breathtaking!
heading to , watch how karen pedrosa was able to for star
major kudos to the dedicated coaches at the parks &amp; rec center who were always there 4 the kids.
i hear but if youd have to bet what would u put the money on?
but it would be a $5 bet lol
actually pix11 might be the best one because i almost cried
isn't the moral of the story "don't mug people with phones" ? victim shaming, really? is a victim.
i guess you didn't like that much haha
feels good to be here. that was the name of it
what'd i miss
got caught on camera beating the shit outta his girlfriend smfh
just discovered the tag line of my favorite water. i like it even more now.
so elegant they named it twice
do we have any indication that there's a correlation b/w routine and efficiency outcomes?
my level of care on this is just so low, so many more legitimate areas of critique, this feels small bore
.'s definition of "accountable" is to push blame on low-level employees who don't have money or pr firms to defend themselves.
thats the biggest crock ever...what about the bankers who didnt cheat? youre excusing low level criminals n pandering to sheep
evan mcmullin: anyone supporting trump is 'not too committed to the constitution'
finally a clear message for the patriots hopefully they pay attention!
don't sit there and tell black ppl what an appropriate protest is. that kumbaya, put flowers in the guns pointed at us shit don't cut it.
"violence begets violence", well america was founded on violence so i guess we'd be staying true to our ideals then, huh?
i really want to! but my daughter's friends are having back to back birthday parties &amp; ruining my plans lol!
i think you will need some wine after the birthday parties.
randomly tonight both me &amp; my best friend had sex listening to your song! so thank you for getting us both laid
hey no problem which song??
when you hookup w/ someone then realize they look exactly like your sibling... -
brand new tune
my complaint is i have to tweet a link for all you non itunes crazies.
uhh hey big cat, some people have jobs for a living and can't download itunes onto their computers
how about a shot glass gun ...
does it shoot real bullets
where is it??
boontunes on october 13!
ex-best friends are bigger deals than ex-lovers.
which is why gay girls, ime, are way more likely to have amicable splits.
if you want me to rt you, mention me. if you want me to mention you, ask me by tweet. must follow me first.
i want for christmas!
donald trump said 18 false things today.
wish you'd hashtag these so we could keep them daily with a search by hashtag. keep up the good work - these are great.
what series to watch on netflix now?
sons of anarchy
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
please november get this man off the stage
story of my life
smh they think our tweets define us
cup noodles updates its recipe as diners strive to eat healthier (via )
it still will have to be full of salt.
true, although i think a lot of players don't necessarily carry they just get real close to having the hand halfway under the ball
understand! in my day refs were so hard on great dribblers especially if u had uncanny speed &amp;change of direction moves. tough!
when you hookup w/ someone then realize they look exactly like your sibling... -
brand new tune
this is typical of the bizarre nature of most clinton foundation reporting, long on insinuation but with zero misco...
what do you expect from matt taibbi?
i want a book of your arctic pics :) going to publish one?
. maybe there will be a book of my arctic images at some point! thank you!! ( )
we treat girls and boys differently on a daily basis, even if we don't mean/want to. please acknowledge that. then...
boys and girls are different. just not in most of the ways people act like we are.
i think he did this to keep himself from getting cut
2 minorities unarmed killed by white cops in last 3 days... he did it to make a point.
i do, miss you, hope you are doing well! been having the best convo with spellman people as of late.
i miss you too! i hope you're good wherever you are. how's mom? i spoke to elvin the other day the baby is so cute !
quick question! what time will the new ticket sales open on thursday? (hopefully i'm not in the middle of class! )
it will be around noon. we will send out an eblast so make sure you're signed up on our website!
no human alive today has lived through a hotter month of august.
but... snowball in january.
lmfaoooo *pulls out pf driveway 40 seconds ago*
too early for this
i want to see every college in america that is seeing an upswing in petty kids spouting racist, dangerous hate speech to do something.
my college is going through a lot of problems right now because a professor used racist tactics to promote his play. disgusting!
let's end stereotypes. if you can be aware of what you're thinking, you can open your mind and realize everyone is different.
never thought otherwise
plus i survived peer pressure since my dad and practically all my friends are gallinas.
where did you go wrong then?
when you hookup w/ someone then realize they look exactly like your sibling... -
brand new tune
hi weather! it's me, amelia! how are you? i'd like to be able to dress in fall appropriate clothes now. please and thank you!
what do you mean it's perfect!!!
hey check it out... discount code
thank you tina!
i'll have to look up where that is and try and come out!
that would be awesome!! thanks!!
when you hookup w/ someone then realize they look exactly like your sibling... -
brand new tune kadondo
i think he did this to keep himself from getting cut
we can have differing opinions but he got the highest selling jersey in nfl right now &amp; are defending him 2
welcome to the fam
nicee! congrats y'all
"i'm leaving you for my brother who knows how to show his love for me the right way, brad" - cersei lannister
fuck i mean *angelina jolie*. my phone can't tell the difference between incestuous women
i've gotten cheated on before. and i really think this hurt me more. i just feel so betrayed by this
this just goes to prove that it's even if you look like an actual goddess, men still ain't gone be shit
floating piece of junk
well it would blow a nimitz out of the water, head to head imho. so idk about that.
i've decided looks like doing eye makeup, but not using the fantastic product i found that reduces under-eye bags
have to ask: ooo what product?
early mornings, are all regulars, if he's betting, he got there!
late night kid solid player. i was 800 he was 1k+ thinking he never cr turn then donks river knowing my rep
your queen hillary is surely not pro-life you moron. get lost.
right. exactly, genius. at least she's not obviously lying thru her teeth to her followers like your guys is to you. get it?
he the worse producer don't do it
oh shitt
thank you!!!!
of course!!!
redo this whole poll, justin
his was past 10 years, not all time
i don't get why she would care though? am i missing something lmao
brad left jen for angelina and now angelina filed for divorce under speculation that brad is cheating amongst other things
institutions of higher learning have a responsibility to teach our youth, and that extends beyond what's in their text books.
i love this and you! as a college student i totally agree! thank you for saying the things that need to be said
thank you kenansville, north carolina! remember- on november 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a...
word of the day that describes you trumpery
do they have a booth in little italy?
yes. go check 'em out.
is kevin abstract trying to be frank ocean?
yes i have said this many times
check out 's tweet: please "favorite" do not rt
can we get some help
only parker or wallace
thanks for your time jake
twitter you mean?
yeah lmao, i'm really tired sorry
does this make you more or less irrationally upset than the reveal of hiddleswift?
haha. you know...at this point i would attend a seminar hosted by both of them about how to keep your life private
super heroes - the script real music
brand new tune star
my daughter's first day of student placement! ...
wow!!! congrats
i'm curious what guyer's splits vs. lefties are... have to be higher?
guyer's lhp splits are .314/.426/.510 with 4 2b, 2 hr and 8 rbi in 51 abs.
you are friends with bjork?
aren't we all
he has no shoes
but this time he has shoes
impassioned o wants blacks to vote for h to preserve his legacy. right, forget inner city poverty &amp; jobs, it's all about you, mr. president
all it's ever been about is him and his muslim brotherhood!
she is planned parenthood's goddess and you are a dimwitted fool. now shut up and run along before i slap u upside your head.
btw genius, your guy (cuz of his daughter's influence) defended planned parenthood earlier in the primary. miss that?
least give us an option. i know it'll never be a meat free world but at least give me an option besides fries &amp; a salad lol
right? like idc if other people eat meat but give me some choices in this meat filled world lol!
just ordered a venti pumpkin spice late with almond milk. anyone know where i can send my man card?
you can hold on to it because manhood can be anything you want it to be.
the focus was on my belly.... but yes i don't disagree
stomach can get gripped on as well while i'm sucking them
that hoe aint even a drug lol, more like a life changer
i mean technically speaking it is a drug lol
i keep almost ordering an iphone 7 and then not doing it because my phone is fine.
scratch black is the only reason i'd get the 7
does ever say anything that's true? why is this hack still on the air? why are his lies newsworthy?
because isn't interested in truth reporting. their lack of journalistic integrity is appalling!
hey remember when we tried to make that terrible fucking twitter account that only tweeted jokes? haha fuck that was stupid
i cringe just thinking about it haha
but i should.. i really should
lmfao stahp it's only cuz we laugh at other ppls wack channels
from 2005-2013, eli manning didn't record a single game with 365+ yds, 0 ints &amp; 78+ comp. % since 2014,he's recorded two such games
not surprised. it would be hard completing 78%, and 0 ints in a game in hufnagel/gilbride's offense. lots of low % throws
wednesday at 10p et: goes on the road in ohio with for an exclusive town hall event!...
two men who equal one big trumpery
i heard it was the most fun she'd had on a movie. heard her say in an interview she loved being in a comedy.
interesting. i'm so accustomed to seeing her in a diff sort of film that i was disoriented. i kept waiting for her to kill someone.
but i should.. i really should
i really like this dewy finish cuz it's dewy
milk is nature's no. 1 most perfect food, contained with the most essential nutrients for a healthy lifestyle....
excellent tune kadondo
a firehouse buddy of mine is involved with the great cause. please take a look.
got it !! also q 104.3, great station ! thanks colonel darlin' !!!
the great new york state fair !
this is an act of civil war!
help but then it is our job to seek out ways that will help. our job to read what's already been written. to share+
wondering: many times the resources for t's around social justice and anti racism are books, conferences
if you missed my questions for ceo john stumpf on his gutless leadership earlier today, take a look.
warren buffet wells fargo a disgrace. he endorsed hillary
however, despite how much i love a good cigar i don't like the smell of my clothes after.
we should smoke them in swimsuits then
hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured, get well soon. we need unity &amp; leadership.
let's get people jobs so they have a future and don't have time to waste on a false narrative protest by the media...
it's trash. \_()_/
i like you, garth. you're a straight shooter.
i can see " you park at villians parking at mk"
lol that's probably the only time i would like that
yes i read the book on this one. try this on for shocks
i know, crazy
aurora.exe will be broke. *cough* hi . *cough*
only for a few seconds. followed by a case of 'what the heck happened?' at work. i'll be on after.
why she cutting ur ass all the time
why you always worried about me cutting him?
"as young people in the west we have a duty to help." new blog from ' :...
we love this! young people can really change the game.
can't wait to listen. it's in my podcast queue!
caught it in my (almost) daily 10-1 pod window. forward to sam amick w steph today.
hope to catch ya this friday, 9/23 when starts:
;) is there a media tasting? ;) no matter what i'll be enjoying the shake this month.
i heard they were looking for a new "most interesting man in the world." they should make it a goat. :)
we have better beards, for both boy and girl goats!
i'd love to know whose brilliant idea it was to convene 193 world leaders in a city of 8.5 million people
is that what was fucking up all the streets!?
troy davis was executed in the state of georgia 5 years ago on this day, despite doubts over his conviction....
was really the first time i saw the influence social media could have on the issues.
the apple fritter at starbucks is about 75 percent smaller than it used to be. yet, somehow it's still 460 calories.
i want to send scully old photos of washington heights, i grew up close to him. any suggestions. pics of paterno's gardens etc.
morning everybody! be informed. be vigilant. be proactive. watch fox news.
fox news is the dumbing down of america
help but then it is our job to seek out ways that will help. our job to read what's already been written. to share+
or are scattered websites of resources. as a t i have to have the privilege of time and/or $ to access.
and a set of twins and a divorce later
2 divorces lol
when you remember has a bye week this week
that's how i reacted
ramp-up to the clinton-trump debate evokes the publicity before ali-frazier i? is hils smokin' joe? trump tassels-on-shoes ali?
i live 5 minutes from where the 1st debate is taking place
fox news: sean hannity won't appear in any more trump ads his entire program is a trump ad!!
trump gave $20 million of his own money to his campaign in august alone. you said he wouldn't. you were wrong. apology?
another spotlight winner today !!
enjoying my morning coffee. thanks
careful justin, you're starting to sound like a fan. :)
palpatine was, too.
out here a bottle of water costs the same as a can of coke and as a can of beer.
a single budweiser is $14 at the oracle arena.
and there are just so many ways to start. i think we sometimes fear doing it in a way that will hurt instead of+
perhaps if we collected units people have written. text sets. protocols. practical day to day stuff
half the captions in my feed are either raving about the iphone 7 plus camera or wishing for one. is onto something obvi
all of my instagram feed is other people's dogs
read this exchange, decide who gives a rat's ass about poor kids:
hard to say. he doesn't say anything about poor kids. real question is why b'berg, waltons hoard rat asses
won't be cheap. how abt shorting cocos?
8x return for an event that has at least a 40% chance of happening... i'll take that bet every time.
ok, timdog, what does that mean? how does that compare to current? i'm not very savvy on this.
sounds like he was talking interface , takeaway it could mean 12gb of ram. either way it's a typo or scorpio still a beast
the trump letters &lt;-- this
really? trump gave $20 mil to his campaign in august alone. you haven't reported, much less apologized. cabal!!!
why do your tweets to ph say "my thoughts on" and when i get there it isn't your thought on those things.
i have no original thoughts anymore?
the closest i've ever gotten to meeting taylor, one of the best nights of my life mama swift made us feel so spec...
also the night these magical photos were taken. i'm in the bottom right hand corner i couldn't stop crying
when you're about to hit play and transcribe a 48-minute interview...
this year, i had two that were nearly 90 minutes long each. legitimately considered joining the priesthood.
naw, but actually.....
step into my inbox! oh wait, you're already there.
typical homophobic hillary supporting faggot right here.
ur dumbass will be miserable come nov 8th... hillary 2017-25
also if u think there will ever be a better album cover than this, step to me so i can flex on you
it's only a matter of time til that guy is an actual gameshow host.
surgery day for laney at !!
best wishes!
okay bye. chill fam. i've got someone to do that for me
suck a dick don't get hype ma
very nice ground service by air canada. just learnt from sep 30th we need the visum thing for canada too. then called eta, easier, cheaper.
have a nice flight
congrats on the book, btw. where is the next stop?
lo, we just had the release party in brooklyn last night. off to richmond and on saturday.
cc with whom i was just discussing this...
it's the year of c-commerce
when i tried this i ran into some headache. back button would pop up dialogs and such. i love the idea but it got messy.
seems like expected behavior. why was it a problem?
every goal scored at the is your chance to win! details:
score~ loui erikson
leonard cohen - you want it darker (audio) via
anything post-the future doesn't get me all that excited but this is absolutely cracking.
help but then it is our job to seek out ways that will help. our job to read what's already been written. to share+
and the used our voices to spread it. a padlet?
but would the next 2b coming online start with allo or whatsapp? also if allo is only avail in us, not targeting next 2b users
starting with the stock apps on android.
is that what was fucking up all the streets!?
yes. it's gonna be like this the whole week lol
isnt that you on drums?
yes it is haha! good times
thank youuu &amp; defiantly maybe this weekend ?
yes!! i took off this weekend
charlotte pd doesn't require their officers to wear body cams
ooo i thought all nc cops had to wear them except swat, geez so we'll prob never know what actually happened.
scientists hope discovery of human remains could unlock 2,000-year-old shipwreck's secrets
warren buffet wells fargo a disgrace. he endorsed hillary
. hey, me too!
looking very happy
i don't care about the guy on the internet do you?
not so much, no. but it was just a joke and that was kind of the point.
how can you possibly stand to live with yourself 24/7 as a faggot! better you than me rofl
enjoy nov 8th hen trump loses yuuuuuge!. u got 8 years of hillary
rapper was killed early this morning in a hit and run accident! condolences to his family and friend...
i hope they find whoever did it!
lol jess still hasn't realized that i blocked her
update: she found out
just announced! catch me playing here!
who's that charismatic guy on the poster? :p
it's good then? i've got it in my tbr, maybe i'll bump it up
yep. it's a bit slow and more about the build up and sense of dread than a true mystery, but well worth your time.
say off hempstead turnpike that day.
tell me about it
this would be the greatest thing ever if it were true tho
god killary is just the pits, i'm gonna go out and spread a rumor that makes her seem 10000x more cool
believe it or not polling higher than on terrorism fox 47/46 q- poll 49/47 which candidate has best plan to defeat isis?
warren buffet wells fargo a disgrace. he endorsed hillary
in unrelated random news why luda wash t.i on "stomp" yrs back for no reason? he was pissed
oh there was reason...they had been beefing for a minute then..luda blacked and tried to end his career with one verse
my high school wardrobe was not complete without my ataris hoodie. (or mxpx hoodie)
don't forget nofx!
even if true, is death by firing squad the penalty for drug possession? where was the imminent threat to cops lives?
he dindu nuffin!
psa: if you ask a woc to explain something to you via dm, text, or phonecall and she says "no," how about you stop calling/texting/dming?
boundaries: respect them.
key term: aberrational occurrence &lt;-- all statements made were at standard 8th grade reading, literacy levels, except that one
i hadn't thought of that, but the phrase did jump out at me. aberrations/anomalies are my "scientific speciality".
have you tried the reeces pb cups w/ the reeces peices inside them? f'ing awesome
nope. that sounds awesome. and not something i can eat.
trump 'diversity' adviser defends silence on cops killing blacks: he's 'waiting to find out facts'...
what!? he's waiting for facts when it's cops killing blacks but had no problem talking out his ass during the chelsea bombings
reading ian frazier's essay, i'm suddenly wanting to go and see her today. unfortunately, don't live nea...
what is the color of freedom?, asks artist byron kim, as quoted in the piece.
more people need to know this site exists! tons of resources for all grades
this is great.
the feeling of eating your woman's leftovers while she sleeps
this almost gave me a violent flashback lol
they all bow eventually to their bearded lord.
if he can play like he did thursday more consistently i'll stfu about him. he was on fire!
bad girls and ride are from the past 10 years
no one's gonna pick bad girls. there are no m.i.a. stans.
mitt romney didn't show his tax return until september 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by harry r! a bad messenger for estab!
so its a dumber, sorry, summer thing? damn auto correct... we can expect some truth of your existence 9/22?
cnn pooh-poohs latest clinton email bombshell because it came from reddit:
i pooh-pooh cnn because the suck
i should write my code in slomo then
css transform :d
you too darren, you absolutely make my day dear friend
aw,thanks kim. so very *happy* to know that. you're wonderful! someone should make your day!. every...
it's only 8 in the morning and i'm already so pumped to watch game tn
can't wait to see you there
ghost rider on the login screen looks so freaking epic!!!!
my art team is killing it right now. chris frenton &amp; company rock!!!!
i think shes epileptic-had an uncle who acted the same way-sad but true
my friend, the judge, has epilepsy. she does her job just fine.
well shittttttt rt i wiseman once told me if you can't wait for it to be friday you hate your life
it kind of makes sense..lol
i'm only coming to hollywood to watch you get your first award. hurry up. ;)
im beginning to feel some pressure. is that what you trying to do? lol
that stat on the homeless tho...
beat you to the punch, vnl. ha!
i spent 8 years defending bush against the left now he joins them in support of against &amp; we the people
same here. now they are acting like babies b/c jeb proved to be a lousy candidate! very disappointed in gwb.
hey! did i miss anything? lol jk the world is on fire here's a thing i made
welcome back!!
sos its 6:31 am and im haveing car trouble :(
sos the key wont turn to turn on the car :(
they lied about called us racist + sexist told us they don't need us rigged primary + wonder why...
the only problem w rallying against clinton is that ur rallying for trump. no 3rd party has a snowballs chance
that experience woke me the fuck up! i was totally powerless. he was crazed, making up stories too long to share here...
altho white-i grew up in a neighborhood without whites until 8-i never even saw a cop/conflict-they didnt patrol where we lived
i would be honored. i don't gotta keep reminding you that i feel you could be the voice
i have some ideas and i'm out here in the street already with a great team, gonna do my part to change narrative. salute
also i question your use of "easily". i can go couch to gate in 30 mins. :)
haha i'm less than 2 miles from the airport
. spox (huckabee's daughter) says trump's given over $100m of his own money to veterans. really?
monopoly money. you know, the board game.
i learned so much about fort bragg's little-know air defense artillery soldiers today. story soon
six suicides including officers. smh. what about the hospitalizations?! why aren't more being relieved?
i wouldn't feel confident in it but then again he is alston jeffrey.
he has a brother???
that's a fair point, but i think we disagree about the significance of trump's vileness
as in you think his racism/sexism/etc is less of an issue than hillary clinton's frankly pretty run-of-the-mill politician-ness?
all i did was him a simple question smh lol
it's early and i assumed you thought my ufc fighting skills took a day off
ken! i took that picture when you refused to relinquish your throne you were kicking and screaming
i remember. how embarrassing for the truth to be revealed in such a public forum. : (
thanks for the amazing feature
you're very welcome! your dress was absolutely beautiful. congrats!!
i'm gonna be on medical leave for carpal tunnel for the next two weeks so lmk if u wanna hang out especially if i don't have to use my hands
gdi i really am leaving with the worst timing
the have done extensive preparation over the past few days to get wr julian edelman ready as the backup qb. it may actually happen
go ahead &amp; risk getting that mfer hurt.
its just different with you. you don't act entitled &amp; are super grateful!
i have my moments but thanks
"trump, you said 'let's see what happens.' you meant: shoot her. you meant kill. you meant assassinate"
that is exactly what that pos meant. he can't win fair, so he calls for hillary to be assassinated.
that experience woke me the fuck up! i was totally powerless. he was crazed, making up stories too long to share here...
saw 1st hand once we moved away how money/power/influence controlled "the law"-i was 8 years old and a witness-never forget it
hbcu life was too lit... the only reason im going back to school next semester
i want to visit you
rt : watching on
an educated dog is a happy dog!
waking up to all of the love surrounding the premiere of has been just amazing!
obsessed with your character! loved
the mcdonnell douglas burden shifting analysis applies here. alas, that discussion can't be reduced to 140 character snippets
i'll go ahead and give that a google, in the meanwhile.
that's twice as many in one day as the united kingdom had in total during 2015.
yo you gotta do that as a quote tweet or it can't be retweeted easily. why are you harshing my buzz
joe lieberman urges clinton to let go a bit on the negativity to focus on how she'd work across aisle &amp; end gridlock
joe lieberman is not exactly an expert on winning elections.
i mean when were all wasted
i know! it'll be one hell of a night. i can't to see before and afters.
that experience woke me the fuck up! i was totally powerless. he was crazed, making up stories too long to share here...
but, it was all about $ back then - not about violence used against us - but i never trusted a cop from 8 years old-what i saw
a few hours late on this,but the has been largely non competitive &amp; rather uninspiring. many lopsided scores. not buzzworthy energy
watched my first game last night, kinda hard to tell that was two line-ups full of nhl all-stars and future hall of famers
for whatever reason, i just watched some of my old videos and i'm both inspired and frustrated.
i feel the same way where i watch my old videos but i'm glad that i stared yt when i was young. it gave me time to practice.
.... mike pence why were the funds from trump foundation used to pay off lawsuits... you'll have to ask the donald trump
you're trying to equate the campaigns to each other - hrc should be better
when i show mom all the amazing tweets she is going to cry. thank you for being so sweet to her she has a huge heart!
yes, your mom is amazing, would love to have her as a mother in law
maybe it was protein shakes? something easy and light?
maybe cut up fruit?
lies, i don't even like coffee &amp; my newspaper is my phone
it's because you a bottom
americans are dying. pigment of skin doesn't matter. american people matter.
tell that to the people killing them. cause it seems like pigment matters to them.
the uk is a cesspool. it is lost, will soon be another mideast country.
have you considered a map?
there is a perfectly good gym next to gracie and i think there may be one inside it
ok, but looking at the mayor's efficiency as a whole, is there a relationship?
that experience woke me the fuck up! i was totally powerless. he was crazed, making up stories too long to share here...
was always careful, private, truthful but never volunteered anything. . . i have stories and stories. . .its part of my writing
trump: african american communities are now in the worst shape ever. even worse than slavery and segregation.
so let's segregate and enslave and "make america great again". wake up people!
hulu (maybe netflix as well) solve this by allowing you to login on your computer with a device activation key
same for netflix. better security too since it's revokable
that experience woke me the fuck up! i was totally powerless. he was crazed, making up stories too long to share here...
which may or may not see the light of day. . . doing so many other things. . .we'll see.
the eu might be getting a new country
who in their right mind would wish to join a failed and morally bankrupt institution like the eu?
doesn't obama have a job to do... you know like be the leader of the free world? we're paying him $400,000 this year to campaign for hillary
every taxpayer should be able to write off his campaign costs as a loss.
so you catch your girl cheating and you beat her up? that's what y'all telling me?
rt ": so you catch your girl cheating and you beat her up? that's what y'all telling me?"
hey &amp; you guys could dramatically increase timeshare sales on if you bring ...
u look fantastic
this tweets a waste of time
slowly getting there lmao
it's a 'good afternoon' here! : )
goodmorning
excited to be attending for the evening
hope you enjoyed it!
word to the jets have never beaten the eagles
cool story how many rings
exactly. which makes me think manning's numbers overall would've been better had he played in a west coast system day 1.
eli would be known as a great statistical qb if he played in wco his entire career but maybe he wouldn't have won 2 sbs.
oh, the mountains of springsteen we're going to be force-fed for the next few weeks.
the aurora is rising behind us.
(c) is written into its constitution, and many people feel that it is absolute. no exceptions.
those people, however, are utterly ignorant of history.
that experience woke me the fuck up! i was totally powerless. he was crazed, making up stories too long to share here...
i dont think any of the ones i met were crazed. . .they just understood their power/used it/felt no guilt/were not doing right
orange pekoe: enemy in sight, what should we do? darjeeling: some people like their cucumbers pickled.
other way around. pekoe is going nuts because darj gives movement/gunnery commands solely in idioms and sayings.
weird, the "establishment" seemed to prefer him over cruz.
not that weird. is smart guy but lost me on us debt
my coworker was like, i better see a's at the end of the semester. and i was like "it ain't that hard, the most difficult class is precal"
instead of being nice like oh thanks for caring about my success in school you hit them with that!? same ol' memo!
trump campaign manager says "he gives press availability every day by doing these rallies." that's not "available."
scared has to contend with a list this extensive &amp; a racist birthed candid...
what other countries may have had airplanes/drones in the area. since drones can be used to deliver strikes.
i watched the available videos, and i'll admit i didn't get the impression of airstrikes. what was the heavy-mortar gun there for?
mazel, let's see it grow and hope we can get in on the action once we finally get salesforce!
ha thanks man! i know alden is pumped for that too
the new republican party. same as the old gop, just unashamed
that's their voting outreach program speared headed by a bunch of people using deplorable handler.
1. thought experiment
this is tolerated because people buy into the "liberal media" myth
wow, that's super empathetic of you
do remember . less tacky to focus on what hillary will do right than what he's doing wrong. seems to be more about who's wrong.
i no be cheesay ah
what is it ? correct me
i'm sure we'll be back in a couple weeks for another edition of "twitter and the park slope y."
i'm thinking we need to have a beer summit about it, at barbes next to colson's...
van ness brt threatened by preservationists who want to keep historic streetlamps, poles
in fact, i believe it is the lamps that are targeted for preservation, not the poles.
stop looking at my instagram and they mind stop
haha shut up guy, your contents not that bad
i like wally in the costume - hate the whole destroy all existing relationships part.
yeah that was a selfish act i kinda got it i've experienced the same lost as barry but yeah selfish
get the 4chan man off my flix
been too damn long since 2/10/08 d:
i found you in the lbs playbook. i have a free course on starting a side biz doing home organizing...
yeah! shoot me an email at ryan.com
taking look at indy -2.5. books under estimating allen+woodhead injuries ( ~150 recep last year). also has me thinking buy back on under.
should we consider that the charger o is just a plug and play offense?
rapper was killed early this morning in a hit and run accident! condolences to his family and friend...
was it a car accident or a hit and run accident? reading stories of a fire.
winter is coming.
i welcome winter. call me king of the north.
eli would be known as a great statistical qb if he played in wco his entire career but maybe he wouldn't have won 2 sbs.
he might be viewed right now as more of a phillip rivers.
god killary is just the pits, i'm gonna go out and spread a rumor that makes her seem 10000x more cool
we've got to find a way to keep trump out of the white house... let's tell people that in his 20s he was gay with marlon brando
nice $etsy upgrade today. deep learning acquisition makes perfect sense with millions of items on site without skus
we've spent at least a grand on there for our wedding this weekend.
it's good for you
everything that dies someday comes back
ukraine confirms trump stood them up here in nyc.
can't piss off bosom buddy and puppet master putin, ???
when the ghost breakers airs, family phone tree gets activated: daddy's fave movie; 2nd only to they died w their boots on
how does daddy feel about martin and lewis?
my life with from september through february... eloquently described by
just come over, we don't have cable!
we'd love 2 share our 200+ stories with yr readers!
that would be a fantastic addition to our series!
stop looking at my instagram and they mind stop
i think they hurt from when you were in my lobby on ffa a few days ago and you killed me mid trickshot. oh the disrespect.
i was born with 12 fingers, who wants to see?
no one wanted to see
good looks bro! you gotta lemme give u 30 in ball one time. i'm a solid player no flex lmao
lmaooooo whenever you wanna hit la fitness we
select trump campaign spending in august: $2m on rallies $643 on payroll $547k on trump cos. $420k on hats $81k on strategy consulting
are these three drawing paychecks from the campaign payroll?
thanks for this picture. different perspective.
thank you for the updates!
bravo troops, a slackbot for sales, raises $7 million via
thanks brendan
facials and massages alllll day errrryday
i'm actually just looking now. wasn't sure if today was even gonna be worth waking up!
lmaooooo whenever you wanna hit la fitness we
could ball up
donate box of cereal = meet &amp; greet with ! see you tonight at 991 fulton st, bk from 6-7:30pm for booker's...
do i have to bring an item to be signed or will there be something provided?
you wouldn't leave your wife if she cheated on you??? you're buggin
just because you're not with your child mom, doesn't mean yuh stop check fi di yute, yuh jus nah deh wid di mom
maybe: the blade halted inches from raiden's nose; oil glistened along the edge and gave the steel a greenish cast. ?
its only a first draft (and cut to fit ) and will be polished on the next read. ;) thanks tho.
this shit is tite tho
i actually really want a blazer with a back panel too!!!! i just do !
charlotte police chief says officer involved in shooting of keith lamont scott has been placed on administrative le...
why demonstrate in shooting, why not , this weekend. for thugs, black lives don't matter. just attacking cops.
it was terrifying how he lied &amp; manipulated. claiming my animal rescue stats was a ledger of my drug sales. it was surreal
am very supportive/know the people at bestfriends - follow me and be incommunicado for 2 mo but good later
not an investor, but big fan of these guys, congrats and team!
we're a big fan of you bud! loved seeing the unilever acquisition recently : )
i mean when were all wasted
oh i know! i can't wait to see our before and afters. it'll be great.
i will be on on in the morning! god bless america! !
you can see why trump campaign chose you.
troops.ai launches to public today, featured on slackbot for sales &amp; cust succss teams that makes it easier to use crm
thanks ash!
i don't know, we don't have non-going-to-park-slope y to compare him to
also hard to isolate this variable w/o building an efficiency function
26 october 362. christians have burned down the temple of apollo in daphne! they will pay for this outrage!
hey so uh you're gonna leave the jews alone, right? just let us do our thing, innit?
omg. is this from anything? it's so cute.
i wish i knew. i adore her immensely from this.
had asked before using me in her attack ad, i would have insisted she use these clips instead
who are you voting for?
why????? how????
i don't go to school until later today so all my alarms are off
do you have any spare promo code for primordia on ios please?
sorry we do not.
lol you're so northern...
omg i feel so horrible for laughing cause this is serious
what other countries may have had airplanes/drones in the area. since drones can be used to deliver strikes.
, also, one would think us &amp; russian satellites would have covered it, if nothing else.
y'know, some have called me the songbird of my generation
you know it is actually this weekend... so much room for activities.
every mexican mom ever
dominican moms too
funny how republicans act like this idiot was never president!
compared to the current nominee, gwb looks like lincoln. :...(((
a gem! just curious, which advice resonated the most to you
jones you're awesome! thanks for all the shares
that'd be courage! remove all possibilities to show (stupid) imperial system units on ios. what an idea!...
tbh i don't think it's ever going to go away until it's exclusively taught in schools
the magnificent seven remake is a cool movie about seven guys who save a town by murdering everyone in the town.
they're freelancers, right? always felt peasants of "7 samurai" were like staffers. freelancers save day, but lose.
must be an issue with the gif that our system is rejecting. maybe try creating and uploading with a diff tool
good call, fixed!
charlotte, nc: -unrest after fatal police shooting -12 cops injured -cars destroyed -situation ongoing live aerial...
this is not protesting this is violent scum looting and destroying personal property.
conan o'brien looking a little run down today.
fucking tbs.
i'm in a peaceful place. i don't want problems lol
you said hands would be waiting for me, you thought you could send that tweet and shit not escalate?! really?!
i love this so much
stop i loveeeee it
what's missing or what would you prefer?
less name dropping . rule companies fail when chasing coattails. "we are like the ____________ of the _________ industry. = "l"
ep 81 &amp; myself
who's denim jacket is that ?
literally only slept an hour because i had anxiety i was going to over sleep and miss my flight.
understand have a good flight xoac
great! and what's the link to the product page?
fixed it, thanks man!
some people have a problem with his tweets. i just don't get why. nakakainis lang.
they're selfish! tweets ni db issue agad?eh yung mga bashin' tweets nila kay a ndi pede maging issue? tsk tsk
agreed there. i listen to it at least once a week, easily. seeing you both live still ranks as one of my fav shows.
awwww that makes my heart smile &lt;3
the original is fine and just needs more editing but whhhhyyy
i quite literally did not think this could get worse, but as always in this league, i'm shocked
this fall fest line-up is beyond delicious!
cupcakes, beer, and chicken? all it lacks are waffles.
my ecuadorean sistahhhhhh lmao this tweet made me die laughing - i love you
i'm glad it did, my ecuadorian queeeen!! i love you more. never loved singing those words more!
nilsz the don
always and forever!
he always wanted to be apart of my social media , and be apart of everything i do but he couldn't because of all of...
stay stronght
all out looting happening in complete chaos people starting fires zero police
is that a jew? the "white" one in a black-shirt throwing stuff...
"there's a praise in every bite !" better crunch for her...
that's my pia
guys the wait is over... our is now officially on &amp; other social media! follow
hmm finally after a long long time on a twitter....hope your new movie is coming up well.
depends on the attention youre seeking. i like stains but they're mostly matte &amp; glosses can be sexier. the shiny gives ideas
i like mattes bc they don't catch every dust particle that flies by my face ;) but they tend to dry out my lips
yes! and more enterprises are figuring out the need to address those...
i was thinking about our conversation the other night when i saw that!
an extra pinky on each hand?
yeah but with no bone or nail. but i got them removed so now they are just nubs
i think saying i hate my life would be pushing it.most people like me usually wait for friday to have a day off and have fun
i definitely understand, he was just basically preaching love what you do and do what you love
boxing promoter don king, who has murdered two men, will campaign with donald trump today in ohio.
don king stomped sam garrett to death on cleveland's cedar avenue in 1966, all over a $600 gambling debt. that prob...
i can get through ancient greek philosophy today.
just think of ms chapman and how proud she'd be
thank you all for the birthday wishes, it means the world to me !
ongbgirl happy birthday
. hasn't released his tax returns, but these people think he did...
stupid people
i hate to say, it's worse than you think, but this list of endorsements and predictions is extremely troubling.
if trump wins, these groups will take credit and become more vocal and emboldened
girl mine too . omg . i'll find it and send it to you
lol we tried
nah. likely if a lady cheats on me it's because i ain't keep her happy anyway.
fuck it's hard to rebottle that
they didn't include what i said about the diversity of the panels, but they did include my admission of fanning out on poor salman rushdie.
i'm sure he was delighted
i don't think randy is racist, just ignorant or misinformed.
yeah. it's how it usually is. these types aren't racist, just dummies.
psa: if you ask a woc to explain something to you via dm, text, or phonecall and she says "no," how about you stop calling/texting/dming?
"how am i supposed to learn to respect your humanity if you won't serve me right this minute."
not for that.. i meant for saying 'shorty' and not 'shawty'
hdjshshshsh i hate you
strange, it's like they've done this before. the cast of stranger things owns the e! glambot.
when does the tour hit nyc? take that show on the road!!!
eli would be known as a great statistical qb if he played in wco his entire career but maybe he wouldn't have won 2 sbs.
remember after '13, several "experts" thought he would be a bad fit in wco cuz he wasn't an accurate passer which u have to be in wco
i love a false alarm, but who leaves an empty suitcase in the street in times square? smh
tourists fleeing sweaty elmos
. says the free market will solve climate change. what planet have you been living on, gary?
it's the planet where he has no way to profit on global warm up, so he isn't into it.
hey thanks for the event invite! we love working with you guys and are ready to
thanks for joining us last night, and for being such awesome customers. hope you enjoyed the event!
good morning hope you're feeling better than yesterday.
morning hun. yes feeling a whole lot better today. hope you have a great day
yup. it was always going to happen but sad that it now has and others will follow...
it defies belief that asset prices can remain ignorant of this "realization" for much longer.
don't see it chris. am i missing something? looks like a slight uptick from a very low rate.
yep. mostly energy exposures. significant given flat earnings. credit costs trending up
i think brock lesnar is probably sleeper racist as hell.
ultimate warrior
i support this if you can provide an in-the-air personality synopsis too. "5'1", cries during every movie" &lt; "6'4", just works"
yes! and it would be opt in only.
got it! we were making the comparison, not google to be clear :)
yeah the fact i had to double check already makes it murky waters. for your protection as well. thanks for being a great sport!
i wasn't even paying attention lol, i was either streaming or just watching some youtube videos lol
idk it was on takedown and i realized you were in the lobby at the end and was like "no way real orbit lagz killed me mid ts"
this is too must.
haaaaa you are the master of the one liner.
this puzzles me. inflation is low. and unemployment is low and has fallen for seven straight years. why doesn't thi...
b/c most models of elections use gdp per cap growth rate
wow. powerful insight
especially from sam bee, noted school integration protestor
i would guess that on average we're more likely to have a friendship w/our partners than straight people are, simple because
men/women, friends, harry, sally etc. so breaking up isn't just losing a lover. i know at least 3 people who lived w/their exes
coming soon: dvd of the ballet mata hari with music from , played by !
i've just recevied a copy of the dvd: the orchestra sounds wonderful!
unplanned rest days are good for the body and the mind. took more of a mental toll on me than i realized the day of.
same same. the humidity was brutal.
and bloomy got savaged by the media for going to bermuda
a little, but he kept going and everyone dropped it
someone buy my extra global citizen tickets omg please i dont wanna go dm me!!!
i want the ticket! :)
please pray for my grnddaughter 6 yrs. old.she has concussion that's not getting better.doc said she's losing brain activity
jesus please touch this precious sweet girl lord with your healing love and heal her injury we place her in your hands amen
i hate to say, it's worse than you think, but this list of endorsements and predictions is extremely troubling.
this election is not just about trump. it's whether we are going to give voice and power to the deplorables out there.
idk it was on takedown and i realized you were in the lobby at the end and was like "no way real orbit lagz killed me mid ts"
you were doing pretty good tho. i think you hit a faded quad or it was just a triple lol
nah. likely if a lady cheats on me it's because i ain't keep her happy anyway.
actually no! women are more greedier than men, and more sneaky too.
this is beautiful
heather is great and has done artwork for me and a lot of chase's stuff
i feel you on
hope your day is not as long as mine will be!!!
my new favorite word is "caucacity".
as in "the caucacity of this white person is crazy".
"narrative fight?" have you looked around? people are dying all over the world is not a "narrative."
*woosh* right past you, captain obvious
getting mic'd up ready to open in 10mins! talking marketing in transition &amp; what is doing
global trends per of : people living differently moving south &amp; east digital revolution env...
without taking a side in the issue, i noticed that hrc's first dip in the polls occurred after the dallas cop shooting ...
seriously ? what a thing to say not taking a side lol my ass
got it! we were making the comparison, not google to be clear :)
and you need any dev help i'm that guy! happy to oblige! have a great day mate.
getting them good pets tonight
oh god the happy skritches face
last day at work and i'm thinking of sneaking into the jew director's private bathroom and leaving an upper decker.
i envy you leaving at present we are trying to find out who keeps shitting on the floor in the common toilet
"say something" thank you for making my point.
susan rice sunday performance was a result of cia doing cya. have always wondered about their role.
donald trump's self-proclaimed business expertise was casually demolished in a sentence
and his supporters claim he's a "winner" yet stand behind the flag of "losers" - ironic?
come to so you can sign up for a session with me on wednesday sept. 21st
meeting with you :30 today!
babe straight up got me sick tho. sore throats stuffy noses. the works ugh.
oh no! drink tea with honey and lemon, soup, medicine( if need be) and some mj. feel better babe and take it easy
hillary clinton: my plan for helping america's poor via
the dems plans always involve helping bureaucrats more than they involve helping the poor.
actually no! women are more greedier than men, and more sneaky too.
you can give a woman the world and she still won't be content
men/women, friends, harry, sally etc. so breaking up isn't just losing a lover. i know at least 3 people who lived w/their exes
i'm still friends with every girl i've dated. my straight friends tell me this is unusual in their world.
satellite session for dublin mdp. organised by the mdp students themselves.
glad you're watching! do you have a question for the pm of jamaica? tweet it using
we've cloned a sheep and yet we still can't figure out how to get wifi into the union sq station
they refuse to do anything to make that hell hole remotely better
whats that?
gargling with coconut oil for 10-20 mins daily. supposedly it's really good for your teeth and gums
what part of that tweet is anti-semitic? you are lying shamelessly. he is just anti-israel, like orthodox jews
this is attached to a whole articlle. read the article 8 did not quote this tweet!
just spoke with family of man who police say an officer shot and killed. they say he was unarmed. police say he had...
that should be a very easy debate to solve. release the video of the armed and dangerous.
efficacy&amp;safety of cangrelor in preventing periprocedural complications in stable angina &amp; acs pts via
please share &amp; join us for the tweet-a-thon: 9/24 at 4:00pst
and bloomy got savaged by the media for going to bermuda
no one has made an efficiency argument so the critique is mainly about taste
interesting nugget in nyt pollster piece: those who relied on self-reporting alone to determine likely voters found...
goes to whether or not you believe trump reshapes the electorate by increasing latino turnout or not.
well he's dead so you have a hard time ahead of you making the case that he's currently active.
his terribleness lives on
nah. likely if a lady cheats on me it's because i ain't keep her happy anyway.
i have a wife and a yute she cheats on me im out! that's a disrespect!
not a bad combo, if you ask me.
hahaha i just like that they all have the same face, really
i've been fortunate to travel all over the world. institute of culinary education is the best school the world...
thanks for your support, timothy! we're so glad you've enjoyed your experiences here and hope to see you at ice again soon!
people seem to hate me for this tweet so here's some more to make you puke on your keyboard
you're a national treasure and should probably be killed
oh, and also..the cop that shot him was apparently black. so..is that still racism?
they blm as far as i'm concerned just wants to create anarchy. it's a way to rob, loot these businesses. ppl jump 2 conclusions
trump evp michael cohen, who in the past labeled himself the "pit bull" laying out the case for donald trump that he's not a racist
u might better define as the man that said "u cant rape your own wife"
understood - can't help myself sometimes. i liked your word picture very much :-)
well it does say "editor" in your profile. to be expected. here have an m&amp;m. ;)
boxing promoter don king, who has murdered two men, will campaign with donald trump today in ohio.
don king stomped sam garrett to death on cleveland's cedar avenue in 1966, all over a $600 gambling debt. trump won...
you look so cute! i miss seeing you around!
thank you so much! i know i will have to come out and visit soon!
don't tell me you actually ingested this thing posing as food?
you need to try new things!
i have a wife and a yute she cheats on me im out! that's a disrespect!
especially if my kid is a girl, how you gonna loook ur daughter in her face and say " ur mom a bird "
i enjoyed your article on the indians. just a quick note: marlon byrd was suspended in june &amp; almonte can't play the postseason
thanks. stupid.
so i suppose i'm advocating for a collection that's organized by gradeband?
agreed. grades and also... pedagogical structure? like "whole class novel unit on..." or "reading workshop unit on"
no other network issues. trying to figure out if i should remove master tracking from the config.
you don't have to have master tracking. only need it if you want to prevent flapping. not a big deal with master cont.
driver: "i think there was some fault in the car - whether the throttle stuck or something."
why is this link removed??
mike pence told brian williams the latest wapo story on the trump foundation had inaccuracies - when pressed to nam...
pence has demeaner of an ass-covering middle manager. in truth, he is a willing participant in destruction of america.
a few wks ago did a survey finding 70% of riders expo line r new riders, b 1 of them, get out the sched !
i ride the metro every week... great way to travel!!!!!
we blacks 4...
the uneducated ones.
yeah, because you can totally tell at what point in their lives &amp; financial situations someone got a tattoo
i read that tweet as a joke poking fun at people who complain about that thing (since it's impossible/ridiculous to sell tattoos)
it's a mf trump sign. why stockton why
did you see the manikins of hilary and trump?!?!
especially if my kid is a girl, how you gonna loook ur daughter in her face and say " ur mom a bird "
and if it's a boy you can't even look your son in the face... because his mom s bird and she hurt you deep
niggas don't really grind, i was a 56 in 2k took me 3 days to get to a 69 then i stayed home yesterday now i'm a 75 the grind is real
the grid is really real!!
ur negative cynicism is funny at the end. but wondering how u live with it. must not b healthy.
the art helps. as magda said, "art heals". i'd prefer to be more optimistic but the tide hasn't turned.
a unit that utilizes connected readings, videos, writing, discussion ideas. i know... it's lofty.
i'm craving as many pacing charts - day by day plans- as we can curate. i will draft a blog post this week
rt : good tuesday all!
good wednesday all!
i'll email you shortly!
hey, i didn't receive anything from you. would love to chat today.
it's difficult to feel a sense of righteous anger about the death of anyone when you see these rioters destroying things.
this type of behavior is why this stuff happens , these are looters and criminals not protestors
tweet us how you feel about brad &amp; angelina's break up! tell us how you feel using and you may be on air
who the fuck cares
oh, and also..the cop that shot him was apparently black. so..is that still racism?
no, i don't believe its racism. ppl need to be in a cops shoes 1 day &amp; see how fast events unfold. only seconds 2 react.
great work - you got my vote + i'm sharing with a few friends that have done medical work in haiti.
thank you! that's so awesome :)
niggas don't really grind, i was a 56 in 2k took me 3 days to get to a 69 then i stayed home yesterday now i'm a 75 the grind is real
the grind is really real!!
that's very true. because then it won't feel like you're just working for a check you're actually having fun doing it
yeah exactly
a unit that utilizes connected readings, videos, writing, discussion ideas. i know... it's lofty.
can i run it by you guys? i'll also reach out to a few people in my camp and see if it sounds good to them
brilliant. don't know who did this, but brilliant.
i am reminded of
cnn commentator lewandowski remained on trump payroll in august
jeff zucker gives not one hoot about ethics.
yeah, but best friend breakups also rip your heart out.
def--which is why we avoid. i can be friends w/someone even if i'm not sleeping w/her. it's apparently unusual in straightland.
i'd agree that many americans are politically illiterate but to call all of them (us?) "tone deaf" is incorrect.
some are tone deaf. some are desensitized
can i please get the client on iphone to manage all my school and student
hey! can we clarify? manage student iphones or access the admin portal using your iphone? ;-)
we didn't have the opportunity, but he's my tag partner for life.
honored and proud.
called her boyfriend out on his homophobia &amp; now the award for sour grapes goes to...
petty and petulant. sounds less like a goddess and more like a payday princess.
everyday i wake up sick as fuck that we let bernie sanders slip thru our fingers
warriors still gave up a 3-1 lead in the finals
strike for chief whaler at brooklyn bowl thanks for the party !!
nice form! thanks for celebrating with us last night, and for being such great customers.
i was so excited to watch scream queens last night, then the devastating truth hit me as i tried to tune in..we don't have fox.
anyway we can get fox?
that is amazing! haven't had rice pudding since i left the uk!
they have tons of flavors like ice cream, frozen yogurt, gelato... and funny signs everywhere.
i disagree. we need their input. they have to give voice to make it better.
nope, i stand by my original tweet. certainty "can" but not "obligated to" or "have to" offer solutions.
anyone have a good map of the contraction of isis territory over recent months?
look at the file history of the isis map on wikipedia.
probably not. maybe next time though?
cool. i was thinking of bringing mine if you were
is "mooning" the new ghosting? yup, and it's probably happened to you. my first piece for :
many thanks to for making me sound smart (the art is also bomb)
already trying2scam&amp;con sheuses hurt2prey on them in time oftragedy&gt;evil
n had 30yrs&amp;8yrs w to help but onlyhurt them, h cons u
what truly palliates? do we choose or do we allow the patient to choose?
wow! right question. can't wait to read the link. hats off!! thank you, kevin, for swimming upstream bucking the traditional views.
ms.chapman is probably an astronaut now
yeah true she's prob visiting mars or something rn
on the program. maybe a hint "driller mike" might be the name of the tunnel drill machine.
what time is announcement? better run the tools.
i'm literally jimmy's side hoe now that jay catsby came along.
it doesn't mean anything to me i love you!!
doctor strange is gonna be the best marvel movie thus far. mark my words.
i'm with you. that trailer was crazy.
sometimes i make problems for myself just so i can talk to representatives online
this may be a sign of true loneliness
wanna come spin me on this subject? i am soliciting sources to come meet with me on the si ferry today
would love to, but i gotta work! seriously, park slope beer summit/debate society!
like to laugh? check out hilarious, energetic at . her spit-fire, happy-go-lucky nurse character had me loling for hours
haha thanks for coming!!
i can't hit shit on takedown ffa, always get split or stolen :(
honestly takedown is one of my fav maps. i tried out hydro too yesterday the one with tsunami's or whatever and i actually liked it
my friends really suck...
fix your phone, your phone sucks!!
huh. i just realized i read something in quora (sometimes in email, but often on their site) every single day.
that digest email of theirs. epic and on target.
listen to only girl (feat. steve lacy &amp; vince staples) by kali uchis
shouts out to all my virgos, y'all some beautiful people.
hey! did i miss anything? lol jk the world is on fire here's a thing i made
i believe the expression you're looking for is :
same. unless it's my bf
i can't stand when people call me &amp; sometimes even text me. lol leave me alone b
spent week down there analyzing his meals, golf! (steak, slow play.)
we have to analyze the coverage as a whole not in pieces
when you buy iphone 7 off ebay
lol good one
interesting view on obama
yeah he did his job
you right, my bad. let's be friends
i'll tell you how i feel after this yoga class
my guess is that it's still being sheared by that upper low to its west (likely more than the models are analyzing)
. the funny thing though is that pretty much nailed intensity for now (last 20 runs...
heather is great and has done artwork for me and a lot of chase's stuff
that's awesome! i'll have to keep that in mind! it's all really great !!
you'll learn so much
"..and pay a little more attention to washing your hair." why would you need..ohhhhh..
a lady in my office who complained about not being able to lose weight is having a big bag of potato chips and coke for breakfast.
lol! there's a secretary here who's always voicing the same complaint &amp; every time i walk by her desk, she's eating m&amp;ms.
yeah xmas is business for anyone not just retail.
im trying. i'll see what i can do.
! seeing 5g tests faster than 12 gbps &amp; 4 simultaneous 4k video streams. huge for consumers....
wish i could test
got a free pair of shoes widdit so call me mr. lonely
teach me your ways
happy bday to my old friend i think he turns 54 today!
i thought it was 64...
apple of my eyekeep watching bhootu.
little butu is super adorable, bituramkaku is too
thank you!!!
of course! keep up the incredible work
i'm okay!! i was just in a funk last night!
okay! just wanted to make sure :)
hey...is everybody following me on instagram?
of course cutie!
sounds like we know who are the real racists.
pro wrestlers.
injures boosted my squad heavy
your team is lit
fwiw, the audience at these general election debates is very small and urged to not become a participant
fwiw it's not fucking thunderdome. any audience is an audience to play to, instead of talking about ideas/policy.
working 9-5, circuit all to myself.. this place is something else!
put in a slow, clumsy, scared shitless lap just for me, mcwill
i herd ur voice yesterday after so long at ur throwback .. miraculous..
thank you so much! means a lot to me!!
- this is everything.
i had heard about this! epic news!!
janoris jenkins picked up a blocked field goal and scored, now he picks up a special teams player of the week award
should be hankins instead
takedown? you mean takeoff?
yeah i mean takeoff wtf we've been calling it takedown the whole time were idiots oh no dude
more nyc inner-city students will receive music education in 2016-17. would you be interested in receiving a news release?
just wanted to follow up &amp; see if you would be interested in this story-etm is providing music ed to 50 schools in nyc
coming soon , , , directed by
yo stop playing drop that shit can't wait for it like a junkie in da trap :-)
this problem is more than just added training for police. must carry weapons to protect themselves, but the inciden...
pour taken, but what if they need guns b/c they keep creating the conditions that compel police to use guns?
you're really good with kids maybe you should do something around that area
yeah i want to but then i wanna study other things
hey! be sure to submit your video questions in advance for the q &amp; a... by via
yes! see you there!!
what even is that group chat name
my sister and aunt made a dubsmash to that song and they named the group chat lol
this nyc -&gt; miami flight appears to be filled entirely by people who i do not recognize, but assume are djs of some sort.
ok, they might not all be dj's, but i bet most of them are really into japanese culture.
ur negative cynicism is funny at the end. but wondering how u live with it. must not b healthy.
btw, did you make it to the fair? look forward to your selections as usual.
when the are playing but you're stuck in class.
-- it's way worse when you are teaching the class and can't watch --
you're openly gay, write for , diss trump, and somehow you didn't think you'd be t...
is a scared little man; wants to support a "winner" yet hides behind the flag of "losers" ...
when you listening to with talking about race and you the only black guy in the office
i'm with you in spirit though
3 corrections officers at a fishkill, n.y., prison have been arrested in the brutal beating of an inmate in 2013
. when will this stop?
odds that romney was richer and paid more taxes than trump?
someone leak a bogus trump return showing he paid no taxes...force him to show real one in defense
i like every map but yemen and turbine, i've only gotten quad feeds on those maps ever lol
vertigo ffa sniping man, kill chains all day and yeah but dude raid is so shit to me now. i hate it.
i'm listening some of your songs for the first time and i think you're amazing and very talented
you are amazing! much much appreciated !
i cannot breathe
he proceeded to ask me if he "said something wrong". boi......
yup. u should see the comments on fox 46 charlotte's fb page. no 1 wants to consider for a second that the family may be lying.
up, cuz y say he had a book. i get it's an open carry state, but u can't aim the weapon at police. &amp; cop was not undercover.
this is moving micron!
u think that low life gary evans knows nat gas , that sob ,,
martin? yes. lewis? can't stand him.
ha. i usually feel the same way, but jerry made me laugh out loud last night. maybe i was in the right mood.
i just want to return to my uniform: rotating a pair of black jeans and blue jeans and a few tumblr sweatshirts
i just have multiple pairs of black jeans, it's part of my thing now \_()_/
happy happy birthday hoodie!!!! i love you so much and i hope you have an amazing day
thanks lys &amp;&amp; thanks for making me famous
lol how many ugly white girls got sad when i told them madoka was snuff porn of little girls tho?
ppl act like madoka descended from the right hand of jesus to fix magical girl anime.
i do not fuck with america
i get it straight off the boat
i rarely have nightmares but the two that i've encountered was a wakeup call
in a way i feel that the universe is telling me to look beyond the surface of relationships with others
badxgen by and is now live in cydia and looks even better than before, looks...
thank you sir.
waiting for proof that i'm racist. "she condemns riots, she must be a racist?"
the correct response to being called a racist is: "...and?"
miss you too. come to iowa soon.
thank you micah! i totally will!!
, i know exactly what you mean, like how the how if they are on my face do i get them dirty all the damn time.
exactly. and is it my face thats dirty even when i wash it? lol. like what other explanation is there?
when the homies don't believe you're peter pan but they bout to learn tho.
play over your head and the sky's the limit
my critique is its extraordinarily bad politics for him. he should be able to see that
the man has a minor indulgence, i say let him have it
here's a tip to feel better: go to navy pier. you can catch a lot of pokmon.
can i get a lapras, porygon, or snorlax there? only ones i'm missing
6/ what was your net income that you claimed in each of the last 5 years?
can't answer because he's really a failure.
the world can't get enough of the story. we're honored and inspired to help you share it at
thanks sarah. really looking forward to it
we are here at to hear our very own speak about tax avoidance and privacy in the digital age.
full audience. lots of press members here. should be an excellent talk.
wow 5th dlc for bo2 came out?
yeah it's pretty beast tbh. they have a map ft. to show tribute to harambe
what?! omg the chocolate peanut butter and the oatmeal raisin tho
i'm gonna go on friday ok
10 reasons you need to exercise with your bodyweight
yep, planks, side planks, etc are my go to!
a gorgeous sunrise greeted us on our run on the last day of summer
summer is over. finally! let the fall races begin.
and i think that the vileness of trump does not bear on the assessment of clinton. they can both be villains
but this is the crux of it: they aren't. at the absolute least they're on vastly different scales.
of course joe scarborough doesn't want to fact check, it would completely ruin how he views the world
just let trump lie about everything, including attacks at hrc. it will go unchecked. he can't run the show.
in solaris next and or s11updatey?
in "the next big release"
"sthkip sthkip!" someone at coach this illiterate monkey how to speak properly.
yet you're still watching just to be a racist troll
if you haven't listened to yet, where have you been?! download the new album now! you w...
thank u thank u!
omg fuck apink teasers sound like it's going to be song of the year
i heard only one teaser and saw the album trailer it sounds great. ding dong is a standout for me too and boom pow love.
thanks for a fantastic tuesday eve fiesta!
and thank you for joining! hope you enjoyed the event.
there's only in times of need. poke
ugh so true i'm learning
but this is the crux of it: they aren't. at the absolute least they're on vastly different scales.
hillary clinton has done a lot of good stuff, and also some awful stuff. "fraught relationship with the truth" is trump's brand.
accidentally stumbled into this woman's instagram via a geotag and i'm now obsessed with her
i've more than doubled this woman's instagram followers and she will probably never have any idea why.
today's hair &amp; road report: &gt; / say it's less humid (finally!) &gt; street closures continue on the east side
my hair thanks you.
good morning. yes, all trains are stopping at times sq. ^jp
thank you =)
to be fair, i have also seen some brutal and dramatic lesbian breakups, but i see where you're coming from.
it happens for sure; i just think in general we're far far far far more likely to redo friends that het couples are.
cardinals are rebuilding yet contending. guess i won't complain. (fire matheny tho)
i have the mets @ phils series at end of the month, will be wearing phils shirt w/ my stl hat. lol
when your boss schedules a meeting for lunchtime so he has to buy you lunch so we're getting unos
before you scream at me i got a small buffalo chicken salad with no dressing i'm being good i promise
hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured, get well soon. we need unity &amp; leadership.
. no, we need the fucking cops to stop killing unarmed citizens.
my friend 's album future throwback is out! support him on itunes here:
thank u duder. hope to see you very very soon :)
so an african american man gets shot in charlotte for not dropping a gun, then protestors proceed to destroy the city and injury 16 cops...
and they wonder why people say black lives matter is a hate/destructive group
come on. don't give up so easy. you have priyanka and deepika for inspiration.
i came before them, they're not a fare comparison.
good morning everyone. it's 9:04am in istanbul and already i've decided today, people are stupid.
even in un, everyone babbling about it
partner calls asking how to get software and licenses for his lab. pointed out the joys of . lab plans changed!
x 1000s of partners, that is some crazy productivity and cost savings...
kyoto for 350 c02 now 400 &amp; temperature &amp; temp &amp; dire predictions did not happen notice temp fluctuating on...
. i told you already. that chart only goes to 2025, which is only 9 years from now. think longer term than that.
there is not one thing that i miss about living on campus
getting your bathroom cleaned for you
what game is that?
bioshock dawg
i've more than doubled this woman's instagram followers and she will probably never have any idea why.
to be fair: she only went from 16 to 38. she deserves 38,000.
photo on tripadvisor shows portrait bought w/charity $ hanging in resort.
a beautiful portrait. the best portrait. michelangelo would wish to paint a portrait so "classy".
after 4 days of drinking i just had an amazing night of sleep ! my bday weekend was a success
happy bday vona
like 4 people have already replied, "just legalize marijuana!" ugh. okay, sure, but you're missing the point.
it's always more complicated. weed could be legalized, inner-city grandma will still call police for pot-smoking loiterers.
the new iphone 7 is a fantastic, awesome, incredible, and spectacular... but it has no headphone jack.
if you ask my teen daughters, they say it is the worst thing in the world. not sure what they know that i don't.
create your own fairytale
- that is right jen!!!
professor calls for fighting systemic ignorance that leads to islamophobia in the classroom...
thanks. would love to read article on teaching against islamophobia
do not play monopoly to pass the time. 1 in 10 games results in a homicide
and the stats are even higher when played with family
several studies have proven the damaging impact lifestyles have on our health
my biggest question is how to motivate my students who say they "hate exercise". this is the real challenge
happening now: our weekly press briefing.
you're normalizing a fascist who's about to take over us (already took over your party). how does that make you feel?
what's the collective noun for the jameson bottles i dump into the recycling every week?
an election year of jamesons
so exciting for this styling @ saks tmrw
i'm excited for you, keep doing the damn thing
you've inspired me more than you will ever know. i'm a sahm looking to pen my first book! so nervous yet excited! thank you!
- so happy - jumping up and down for joy!
how is everyone thats part of that organization such a predictable shithead
same people who roll coal ...
koi toh ..fit c hi bna do
chai pi chuki ab tum i think
haha what is this
haha these are actually pretty funny
mine are always me working out conflicts that i can't work out in my waking life. hope what's on the other side is peaceful.
i wish i could say they were peaceful. it's more like encountering the scorpio version of me
do a minor!
thats what im thinking about. for next semester si dios quiere.
cue "no one reads the ny times anymore bc they have some wacky vendetta against me" tweet from trump any hour now.
even with this romantic vision?
edelman in ppr - wallace in standard - it's a volume play ... wallace odds 2 score vs jax - strong, but w/ fewer targets
wallace is a top 10 receiver coming into week 3, and edelemans burnt me week 1 2. now brissett? i'm startin wallace
best non-english language film of all time.. (tournament) top 2 advance heat 2 round 8 (mostly english titles)
tough, tough choice...
nice arizona state shirt! what's your connection to asu? go devils!
lived in scottsdale in two years.
not fun without realized $ gain screenshot...
yah show the so we can live vicariously.
edelman in ppr - wallace in standard - it's a volume play ... wallace odds 2 score vs jax - strong, but w/ fewer targets
till brady gets back. then edelemans time to blow up
exactly. and ya know what..i'm willing to admit the cops may be overreacting in some instances..but purposely targeting blacks?
i'm sure as w/ anything, there r bad apples, but no i wudn't say they wake up w/ that thought process.
this pencil appears to be broken but still has a point ????
bc someone broke it ?!1?1!
tony blair's plea to america: dont turn inward, the world needs your leadership.
"leadership" means more oil wars.
they are matte but wear like a cream lipstick. not transfer proof tho
ugh - cannot abide lip stains all over my glass wear. makes my go bonkers
in case you wonder why i'm semi-anon here, driver tried to kill me on purpose, his attn. used social media posts to victim blame me.
didn't know the second part. jfc
susan was putting out a narrative to cover for a failed state department foreign policy, one of many.
benghazi was at least 70% cia, by personnel. classified arb report never released or leaked, so i think that we are in the dark
carmax quarterly profit falls 5.7% as used-car seller's revenue misses forecasts
lol that sucks
here's to those who inspire us and don't even know.
beyond beautiful! love
car accident. he was ejected from the car and died at the scene. 2 female passengers escaped before the vehicle caught fire
damn, thats scary and very unfortunate. thank you for the info.
i get all my exercise by getting lost over and over and over again while on foot. also, maps in nyc are a cruel joke
also, past me was a harpy and a bitch and a sadist and i repent from all my sins and will henceforth be a nicer person
i wish i could say they were peaceful. it's more like encountering the scorpio version of me
and it's scary knowing what i'm capable of, but that's why i try to keep it leveled.
omg omg just folllowed me!!!! thank you so much todd. your album is amazing. i love the song "light her up".
you are so welcome thank u for listening!!
i'm going to get some coffee now :) you're welcome thx for the rt's
they closed down times square for a bomb scare and i told someone do not come tonight.
that tweet was from 09.
tweet is 7 years old already ... that's crazy
when will you come to spain? i need you here
that would be amazing!!
mark cuban: "trump is an immediate and present danger to the security of this country"
and he forgot a professional conman!
like no shit you're an hrc supporter whedon but you're not gonna bring in the ppl she still needs, just the folks she already has.
nah, he might bring in some of the obnoxious bernie or buster's
coming soon to blu-ray &amp; dvd!
. and it's a region zero-encoded dvd, so viewable worldwide!
clinton is gaining in that la times/usc poll, though still 4 behind trump.
which translates to roughly 3 ahead
watch this and enjoy it thoroughly as eileen and i did.
thanks for the edification. i probably should have waited till after breakfast though.
thanks for the balloons !!
happy birthday!
regretting only getting 1/2 peck of apples! i plan on taking pie class on
homemade pie? i'm so impressed. excellent and such a treat!
i believe maine will vote gop and so will wisconsin and minnesota.
"it's not who votes that counts, it's who counts the votes." - josef stalin
i'm not really sure i get the joke. but we were definitely all thinking it.
basically, it is a jab at them because my vote actually matters and theirs really don't that much.
zero sacks or qb hits. 529 total yards. 46 points. the were beasts in week 2, and earned o-line of the...
this is what my need :(
look at this idiot. he has no idea that don king is an infamous murdering pimp. trump is surrounded by con artists,...
ok. so now he has four african american votes.
state dep. has been dem controlled 4 eight years. objectively look at the results and it's clear. fail.
that's too long a discussion for twitter.
i've discovered the cake batter chapstick last year &amp; i love it
girl, that sounds nasty af
oh hey beautiful, happy bday hope your having an amazing day, continue being pure gold!! love + light always
thank you ! next time i see you we're celebrating us.
haha well maybe you should take the stage and see if anyone notices ; )
i'm sure no one will notice
good morning from , where i woke up like this.
enjoy for me! look forward to your pics and stories!
i really never got a super loving vibe from brad pitt and angelina jolie's relationship. anyone else?
all relationships are not centered around love. jackie o, married onassis to protect her children. angelina still loves him.cont.
george clooney at the un to give obama advice on immigration! he's married to a muslim. but that has nothing to do...
advice from an actor...i guess those fictitious roles qualify him.
well then, big shot. see you at the movies.
except i came with blank resume and blank bank account
even if he wasn't cooperating (though i'm not seeing that in the video) when did that turn into "i'm killing you"
, nc police chief says he exited car with a gun, does that mean , they couldn't just wound
happy birthday to dominick buffalino who is 35 and bob hamm jr. who is 50
this past saturday he had a great run.. happy bday
are you mentally ill? or are you just trolling?
blacks are made fools everyday, kaepernick is a newly converted muslim
thigh jewelry..i am here for this.
this is such a look but my thighs would snap these in half if i sat down :')
caught in un traffic trying 2 get 2 2 promote &amp; futile attempt b...
no one told you that during un general assembly you must use the subway???
susan, so sweet getting a chance to talk to you. your hard work is evident! i had a great time, thanks for this can...
when 2 awesome forces meet !!!
happiest of birthday days to you ! hope your whole day is filled with puppy kisses. lolly sends best wishe...
thank you thank you thank you! :)
do you have the issue on desktop too?
not sure. trying to post short video from my iphone camera roll...
right, i suspect it's a major differentiator of success vs failure
avoiding silos can help a lot, 2 heads are better than one
i love sam hunt so much lol i need to goo!!
me too!!! and jason aldean is headlining!
ok i'm honestly really tired rn
i need coffee but yet again i remembered that i dont drink coffee oops.
breaking down travis d'arnaud's struggles at the plate.
1st: he's in the lineup.
all of my instagram feed is other people's dogs
i assumed
not too long ago holds his own peace rally but is now publicly threatening other artists, are you a good example or na
he just an attention whore
bunlar arasinda top 10: 1-werewolf, 2-catfight, 3-christine, 4-autopsy of jane doe, 5-tereddt, 6-all i see is you,...
... 7-park, 8-lady macbeth, 9-home, 10-manchester by the sea.
that's definitely on my list! but so is the amalfi coast/positano/sorrento and croatia!
last vacation i had was croatia!!! you gotta go!
i need coffee but yet again i remembered that i dont drink coffee oops.
all i need is hype music
a good read about why trump citing israel as an example of effective profiling is actually apples to oranges:...
fact-check scientist sopan, malus x domestica (the apple) &amp; citrus sinensis (the navel orange) are more similar than different!
is on there? it's going to be an awesome game!
never even heard of it till just now
party photos are up! here's me and and
it was a blast, . i'm so glad i got to meet you!
actually i was talking about uks loss of western culture and its islamification.....
aren't you guys like 87% white lmao
indiana teen loses game of russian roulette but survives gunshot wound to head
maybe he shouldn't have. thin the herd. he shouldn't reproduce.
p.s. why is there no salad emoji? they don't want us to eat healthy
was supposed to come out in ios10 but i guess the leaves will suffice
best non-english language film of all time.. (tournament) top 2 advance heat 2 round 3 (mostly english titles)
ap, loo and city of god are each among my fluid top50 list...last two brackets have six such films to choose from. minchia
keith you are clearly not very bright. you ever wonder why you can't hold down a job? you are a liar
no, he's so bright and truth-telling that he's too incendiary for msm.
ok here it is finally i had to think a lot, whoever else wants to do it enjoy!!!!!!
bonus: me doing group projects
right now - ratings are down so far this season, is there a reason you aren't watching football as much this year?
and not allowing police memorial sticker.
lmfao all loved matter but drug dealers. not all cops tho
never all cops
maher is a 4th grader. he is also a syrian refugee who recently came to the us. he is not a skittle....
despicable how you push children out the front to further your agenda when we both know th...
make no mistake - is a racist. a bigot. a traitor 2 women. &amp; she does not care about black ppl in oklahoma.
called a "racial healer."
smithfield hall on west 25th
ahh yes, i know smithfield. seems like a good call.
i managed to arrange the meeting in birmingham so for once work facilitated the match
well done! weird how because of taw i feel like i know you all.
even if he wasn't cooperating (though i'm not seeing that in the video) when did that turn into "i'm killing you"
him, they shot the bomber suspect in the leg and arm??? and he actually exchanged gun fire with them, this man in nc didn't
make yourself a priority. at the end of the day, you're your longest commitment
when i properly provide for myself, i can better provide for others
i know there's nothing worse than other people's sunsets but this one was, sincerely, the most spectacular. i wante...
i was always taught that if you don't have something intelligible to say, you shouldn't say anything at all.
new painting on view soon in the american masters show, salmagundi club, new york. "narcissus" 15x20
cc when is the opening reception?
happy birthday to my whole heart, my bestfriend, my nugg for lyfe. 'sday
love you thank you boo
dean merit e. janow introducing the panelists.
students and faculty from bocconi university also tuning in live via video feed.
adam wainwright: 2nd p w/ 4 rbi in game this season (noah syndergaard) 18 rbi this season, most by a pitcher in dh era (since 1973)
more rbis than the travis d'rnaud
could someone paypal me so i can get another tattoo today? thanks
my email's right there in the bio folks
no, the further out you go, the more uncertain they are because it depends on whether we curb fossil fuels or keep...
i don't normally call people morons, stupid, dumb, or even "racist". i do often say people do foolish things or are ignorant.
but not securing our nation's secrets, and american lives, makes you qualified, oh that's right, no intent
encouraging an enemy state to engage in cyber-espionage is borderline treasonous. settling lawsuits with foundation $? illegal!
have a great day
thanks mom, you too!
if you're in manhattan, smithfields. it's where the ny penya meets. in brooklyn, .
i've never been to woodwork (when i used to live here i was a horrible manhattanite).
on my birthday i'm still about the schmoney
happy birthday you fine little ting
open carry means you can have a holstered weapon, not that you can hold it in your hand, stupid.
you're right. if you've got a gun in your hand around a cop, you're gonna die.
cool. do you recommend any type of tracking?
i don't. i also don't use preemption unless i'm playing in a lab. most issues i've seen are network related
all tweets are about israel embassy. there is no single tweet containing hatred against jews.
however, why attack me. go attack the article. your language to me is unacceptable. period.
really just this one
does the blood feud with you and popper go prior to assbott
everything is terrible but being back on twitter somehow makes me feel a little better. this is a holiday car...
wow. what a fab friend you have that knows &amp; cares. love this drawing: it makes me glad to know snow-bat is out there.
this old fossil is darth vader w/o the mask and cape. he needs to be caged.
there is evil all aorund us that comes to destroy what is good attack people who work for their money
i generally hate stiff like that but it's like icing
precisely why i just cannot - ack! - icing and i are permanent enemies
hm it might be worth trying to remove and re-add the adding? did you change your password recently?
this might be more descriptive of the underlying issue. looks like a server side issue.
they need intel from rahami... for all we know there could be wayyyy more bombs, catching him alive was a priority.
people dont use they heads foreal
my email's right there in the bio folks
support starving artists!
so yeah, as long as you guys will have me and have a spot for a hunter (or eventually a tank)... :)
totally! we're on drenden, and the guild's name is tsu tain guu faita. there's a story with that...
again, i'm confused and waffling on getting rid of it and letting it stay.
is this musing, or is this an invitation for random thoughts? :) &lt;3 (either one is cool) :)
people all around world have different views like who has in this picture (but we dont...
yes, this is disgusting. and, i shared article about this as well.
my email's right there in the bio folks
fund artists
12 gb ram at 384 gb/sec (gddr5x).. if this is true than damnnnnnnn!.... you want power? you'll be blown away by it...
eurogamer also said that it speculates 384 and 12 gb of ram by placement of ram in original video
and vita?? believe when i see it!!!
believe it!
remember ted cruz? he just burned obama's un speech to a crisp
good. it was a dire speech - although a fitting testament to the failed and unpatriotic policies of obama.
according to ups, the iphone i ordered keeps flying back and forth between zhengzhou, china, and icheon, south kore...
they're aging it.
charlotte protests erupt over police shooting
- great photo - the words on the bus are what these cops have turned into !!
don't worry needs someone to watch since their ratings are in the toilet, along with your fucking brain.
so that's why you're watching &amp; hiding behind a fake account get...
i thought that was snow at first
you're high
are you ready to be disgusted?
i wouldn't get on twitter if i weren't.
no wonder. this is the man that made a living as a kid looting the jews &amp; outing them to the nazis.
yes but crooked media will never say too much
make no mistake - is a racist. a bigot. a traitor 2 women. &amp; she does not care about black ppl in oklahoma.
temporarily halted all national guard health benefits in order to stop same sex couples from having access to them
let's hope the adage "history repeats" is accurate in this case
let's hope not. lot happened between his writings and his hanging per link
you're the one who called people property and told me to go drink starbucks. racist.
take the . stop fighting it. the internal paradoxes of your beliefs will drive you insane.
i don't remember the media freaking over don king's 50 year-old crimes when he backed obama in 2008 and 2012. but now that it's trump...
i don't recall mr. obama having don king appear at events with him. no evidence he sought the endorsement.
every year i sort of hate watch the newest netflix available season of and every year i swear i'm done forever. and yet.
&amp; the worst thing is they fool me every time. at this half season, i was like, "new town! trade! finally this is about commerce &amp; trade!"
how in the world do i lose my car key
you got high and you lost it
students and faculty from bocconi university also tuning in live via video feed.
professor will be facilitating the panel discussion.
hillary clinton has done a lot of good stuff, and also some awful stuff. "fraught relationship with the truth" is trump's brand.
clinton-as-president, with pressure from the real left, could do good works. no reasonable person could think the same of trump.
michael cohen: "not only is donald trump is not a racist, he believes all people are part of one race - the human race."
good one. how about the rest of his lies.
anybody currently in the heart of new york city? what's it lookin like?
83 and party cloudy, beautiful day in nyc
watch us live on talking to &amp; about our work w/ !
tune in. is on live now!
its been confirmed he asked to travel with ab and dez idiot. coaches said no
lmao. pay him 75m to not even guard the what a waste
you've got this
many things, but, alas, not quite as as i'd like to see myself. . thanks for mention.
lol..i'm just really done with all of this garbage.. i can't take this planet anymore.
it's depressing, &amp; if we dnt wake up, we will be destroyed. muslims r mass producing kids in order to take over the world
adrija in back on fire..again conspiracy..beware my ..always with ur fight.
thank u sweta for being so diligent in sending daily updates! so nice of u!!
going to saturday, need lunch suggestions
check out chef larry's flatbreads at intrepid marketplace on our mess deck!
trump is clueless
this was not written by
party photos are up! here's me and and
it was a blast, . i'm so glad we got a chance to meet and hang out!
winter is always a bit calmer but fall is always a fresh quarter to get things out of the way lol
that's exactly what i'm struggling with! lol it could go both ways
he is not too well today and we are not out of the woods with the situation but i lift my eyes up on my god
amen sister! glad you are drawing your strength from god! psalm 121 praise god!
ok here it is finally i had to think a lot, whoever else wants to do it enjoy!!!!!!
also leaving these here!!! leslie knope is too pure for me overall but these are all accurate.
joe arpaio and cronies from flagstaff to tucson show the ugliest side of america. only a state filled w religious nuts wd elect this fascist
lived in and loved arizona in different ways. mostly though i learned the heartfelt depth and true goodness of mex. people.
you keep saying this. in fact, models are always tested on historical data to make sure they work with it....
show me this "totally failing to predict the temperatures" you keep talking about, again? you keep repeating the same gifs.
its been confirmed he asked to travel with ab and dez idiot. coaches said no
confirmed by who lmfao? pay him 75m and not even cover the . he better cover obj next week
first purchase after arriving here in copenhagen... my favorite and the display of donuts is amazing!
really? land in the city that gave the world danish pastries, and that's where you go? lol!
&amp; the worst thing is they fool me every time. at this half season, i was like, "new town! trade! finally this is about commerce &amp; trade!"
"may there be a whole episode abt negotiating for livestock &amp; also somehow there are zombies! let's plant veggies!" nope. i'm a fool. duped.
i leave my house around 6 am everyday don't get home till 8 pm i only work for 6-8 hours a day lol
and i go to high school &amp; the gym. i have it easy. perks of being 15 lmao.
nice! lettuce is in town tomorrow here....wish i could go!
get your butt out there &amp; see !!
in 1944 pvt. john r. towle earned the medal of honor for heroic actions in holland....
god bless you and stay beautiful ya'll!
i have to be there on 1/15 to get my first lin bobblehead. i wonder what hair do the bobblehead will have lol.
bobble head on my birthday!
you're the one who called people property and told me to go drink starbucks. racist.
take the red pill . stop fighting it. the internal paradoxes of your beliefs will drive you insane.
u cant be that dumb. when a kid in the ghetto gets shot they arrest the shooter dummy
my point is why is that life less valuable than one getting shot by a cop
been to the bar with the "crack" yet?
back nah..got twatted in grenwich village last night thou. bonny state this morning.
be kind to others and others will be kind to you.
that just made me stop and say omg! love it
i'm on 42nd already waiting in my moms job
when your mom is a hick and has to tell the world she's cuban every single day
wonderful keynote address by prime minister holness of jamaica
"how do we achieve sustainable development in view of high resource commitment to debt repayment?" prime minister holness at
apple of my eyekeep watching bhootu.
little bhutu is super adorable, bhituramkaku is too
what is going on at cnn? not sure hurling insults back at twitter followers is the look they should be striving f...
it's chris cuomo; he shouldn't be on the air at all. he's not the sharpest arrow in the quiver.
don king now introducing trump. everyday is something new.
the "lucky number" salesmanship of don king when he was selling his mom's pies in cleveland is the entrepreneurial spirit we need
i have a lot to be embarrassed about
sarah, that sounds like piles of shitty interactions with others' stridency. all my sympathies.
eat everything in the freezer
that's the trick!!! and head for the nearest luxury hotel where they generally have back up generators - the rich cant sweat
i have a question for you, if that's alright
i'm all ears
8 of california's best bubblie producers! via:
cheers to that!
i have the best siblings??? they're always sticking up for me and making sure people use the right pronouns for me and do a great job (cont)
educating the people around them to ensure that i'm respected and so are other trans folks. they even call out family members that i'm(cont)
professor will be facilitating the panel discussion.
: "europe and us have a great deal in common: love for democracy, human rights, and accountability."
why would someone care about these comments? who are these people?
yes, but i shared an article. i did not write this. and, yes, the person who attacked embassy also had tweets like these.
we aren't comparing vegeta &amp; frieza. we're comparing dr. wiley &amp; sigma
exactly! sigma is a mindless turbine of destruction. dr. wiley is a weasel who tries with mixed results to do worthwhile things.
bette midler stars in the money-making broadway revival
check out like and share our facebook page
trump's newest surrogate
who is this guy?
don king now introducing trump. everyday is something new.
amazing to see a con-man rise to such prominence on world stage. nice to see don king there too. he looks well.
alllivesdontmatter if blacklivesdontmatter. no matter what u think that is our reality. some good intentions lack...
it's mind boggling that people still don't understand that concept
and so it begins... high level meeting on kicks off in new york
. sg ban ki-moon: resistance is a fundamental threat to human health and to sustainable development
be good now*.... *please don't do anything racist
the absolute state of him.
since i was 10 in england and i am 75 next the americans gave up christmas gifts taught us generosity
praise god brother! amen! thanks for sharing!
show me this "totally failing to predict the temperatures" you keep talking about, again? you keep repeating the same gifs.
. "the climate models, far from being melodramatic, may be conservative in the predictions they produce." so it could be worse.
we remember
guys great show today- as always. todds a pisser &amp; lens dead pans are great.
lol..i'm just really done with all of this garbage.. i can't take this planet anymore.
ppl dnt want 2 believe that, but u can see it happening b4 ur eyes. look at sweden, france, london, it's being taken over
educating the people around them to ensure that i'm respected and so are other trans folks. they even call out family members that i'm(cont)
too scared to confront and it's just so incredible to have such loving and supportive siblings they're honestly the best
. i can send you more if you want, asshole.
thanks. i needed someone to have my back here: how refreshing. you rock the house down, imho.
guess what tomorrow is
the first day of fall!
invitation! i'm super confused and welcome any and all thoughts!
so, i see in your bio that you have depression? (i ask for clarification because i just don't want to assume)
far left uncw prof washes trump chalkings from sidewalk - brags about it on facebook via
this is supposed to be ok.
exactly! sigma is a mindless turbine of destruction. dr. wiley is a weasel who tries with mixed results to do worthwhile things.
not saying it's a choice that we should be stoked about. just that, given this choice, it should be a very, very easy choice.
oh lord..why did i see this. i am hungry now. looks yummy
haha it's almost lunch time for you guys
do they represent turkish society? if not, what is the point in reporting their tweets?
a) i did not report these tweets, i quote an article. b) of course there is a point, if only for the record.
morning, again you attack in the night. i will defeat you one day. possibly in a cave or maybe canada.
canada is too polite to defeat the morning.
. "the climate models, far from being melodramatic, may be conservative in the predictions they produce." so it could be worse.
you may call it hysteria and point at some emails you think show the whole thing is a hoax, but you're fooling yourself, imho.
hey! did i miss anything? lol jk the world is on fire here's a thing i made
&amp; he's back! yeahhhhh! well hello hello hello! kick some ass today my fellow comic book fan.
thanks so excited!!
youre such a bad girl,,,i love it :)
we remember
tell sugar ray martel.. johnny from sheepshead bay said whats up! lol. i used to rant every night to joe b about my jets!
michael cohen: "i've lost count of how many times the disgusting liberal mainstream media has attempted to label [trump] a racist."
hahaha how about the rest of your birther candidate's words?
who am i!!?
i don't know but the mercedes i know can't possibly love math ! no ew
he is without any excuse one of the most buffon and biased troll i ever meet online
real piece of shit , astroturfing scumbag who accuses other's of doing it and banning them lol
pre-sale is now live for the december nyc dates. for access to your pre-sale code, make sure you are signed up at...
i was there at 9:59 and williamsburg instantly sold out how????
nice photo of a nice evening, did they win ?
they did! mets fans were not happy! they were nice on the '7' train though!
nothing like having an ai disorder and always being sick. when people tell you to get away from them instead of telling you to feel better
thanks! i feel awesome now!
three were sleeping in the hudson river park entrance on 12th street this morning as i went biking
we have two homeless women outside our office with a camping tent and gear.
does spotify have a permanent private session feature? because i'm not planning to stop listening to embarrassing stuff any time soon.
this is a joke as well as a real question.
when you say "islam stands for ____" or "muslims believe in ____," my islamophobia radar goes off. islam isn't a monolith. nor are muslims.
a failure 2 observe broadly-true generalities about groups will get you killed (but you dont really believe what you're tweeting)
at what point, after how much bad press, do you just decide to maybe try the treadmills at asphalt green and cookies &amp; coffee at glaser's?
gyms are also pretty interchangeable. it's not like it's a community center.
in 46+ cities around the us, tomorrow is calling for an end to rising rents and evictions...
thank you for shining the light!! kicked off ystdy. rising!
happy birthday matt longacre!
happy to share a birthday with matt!!!!!
yes, that's right. also anxiety.
so, here's my thoughts: i call myself crazy all the time, because ... that's how i id. i think we ownvoices mental illness-
clinton will not be moved by any pressure from the left. tim kaine, fighting every issue on the platform, just 2 examples
if sanders makes good on keeping his newfound base engaged, then they'll keep exerting policy pressure as he did in the primary.
never seen titties that perfect
deadass them are goals
dm me for a custom video ...
you def need to come for a visit :)
i was delusional and hallucinating and i edited in footage from nosferatu and shots of glowing skulls for no reason whatsoever.
sounds like it could be a hit at cannes.
my brother told me he woke up around 3 &amp; that i wasn't in bed??? wth where was i omg
you were out in the streets flipping bars and ounces
they do many great things, but nyt downplaying trump foundation stuff because it's a wapo story is newspaper parochialism at its worst.
not the first time this year that nyt passed on a story for reasons of pride. same with panama papers.
label sez: "giant dickhead" i can see that now.
. trump wanted it to say "giant dick head" but they made a typo.
so, here's my thoughts: i call myself crazy all the time, because ... that's how i id. i think we ownvoices mental illness-
folks can call ourselves whatever we damn well please. also, i think there's a big difference in me saying "i'm crazy" vs.--
she is bought and paid for by her donors. she will do whatever favors they may buy that are politically possible,nothing more
you're describing deep and very real problems with the system, not ones specific to her.
a failure 2 observe broadly-true generalities about groups will get you killed (but you dont really believe what you're tweeting)
you're just virtue-signalling to your academic in-group. tenure-review time already?
truth is, no one wants me around for very long, and that's just the way it is
forget those people, they're not worth your time...!
police are installing fear in every black person, living their lives in a free country. you can't be fearful and free.
having a license to kill is causing open season on blk ppl everywhere being free will soon be non existent. wakeup ppl rise up
we remember
rays a great guy. real personable. a mench!
: title edit for an apple 2 game on the title is apventure to atlantis, not adventure to atlantis. :)
but in the meantime, i fixed both copies that said adventure to say apventure (the item identifiers are still "adventure", will fix)
why hasn't she released the speech transcripts? in part to keep vain hopes like this alive
no clue what you're referring to here.
i miss the days when ahmadinejad or chavez would show up and make a meme on the spot. just not the same now.
this needs to be a meme
and/or for that look right before he silently tipped the wooden duck off the bridge in that flashback.
ugh, and everything. he's so fantastic.
folks can call ourselves whatever we damn well please. also, i think there's a big difference in me saying "i'm crazy" vs.--
someone saying "that racist bigoted weirdo orange republican candidate is crazy" or otherwise using the id as an insult.
the officer had a duffle bag of guns to plant on someone he'd just killed.
didn't think cops still used throw away guns, since connor v. graham and tennessee v. garner legalized killing civs
: "europe and us have a great deal in common: love for democracy, human rights, and accountability."
: "important to make sure that open market is also for them [those who feel left out]."
not for the faint of heart...
inconsequential tweeter here
no child should ever go hungry. right to lifers, where are your protests for this? oh yeah there are none.
we know. not chrstian. just racist.
woah. this is real.
&amp; 4 some reason it keeps getting buried on fb, etc. 1 would think character is important to the leader of the free world.
i'm so done with this country and it's bs
right there with you. been done actually.
what part of that tweet is anti-semitic? you are lying shamelessly. he is just anti-israel, like orthodox jews
i expect an apology....
although the runs from last week showed too much sw flow. so it wasn't perfect...
. not perfect, but was only guidance fcasting status quo intensi...
can't see that emoji lol
lol have a great day anyways
does spotify have a permanent private session feature? because i'm not planning to stop listening to embarrassing stuff any time soon.
this is a joke as well as a real question
it is a treaty. that the us hasn't ratified. so it doesn't apply to us. but if enough other countries have ratified...
i get that you hate obama &amp; clinton and think all the stuff is a fraud. but who benefits? scientists? really?
nope manage my mosyle school trought the app to be more mobile to debug
tks for your feedback! we're already discussing this with the devs and will reach out to you with any updates! :-d
'flip flopping' genitals cited in fcc complaints from olympics viewers
that was my favorite part \_()_/
thanks so excited!!
you only into facials? how about anal and dp? squirting?
so, does anybody have opinions on the best place in nyc to watch barca v atleti?
oh, also hey nyc, i'm here. missed you.
settlement 4 trump's 80 ft flagpole in fla was 2 b his foundation making a $100,000 donation 2 a charity which he did.dems trying to twist
its amazing how they could make an issue of things like this n keep quiet over hillary's pay to play foundation. hypocrites.
fuck chick-fil-a, bunch of conservative nutjobs selling "fancy" fast food. oh, you asked about the sandwich. no clue.
not here for the politics, just for the things to stuff in my facehole.
how do you remember it? 2
u be on the mandela effect too
a cute guy just saved my number on his phone as "oxford comma".
i guess this was easier than referring to me as "ugly, unnecessary and illogical".
someone saying "that racist bigoted weirdo orange republican candidate is crazy" or otherwise using the id as an insult.
"crazy," like "queer" can be self-description, or it can be a way to try to smear people. "that's so gay" vs "i'm gay!" frex.
hbd hood ((: tennis is always better when you're there &amp; i hope your day is as great as you are
thanks kenners!! love you so much cutie pie
i told u ur foot too big for those!
your head is too big for a lot of the hard you wear but i let you live right?
today would be a good day for to release his tax returns.
loved how you shut down trumps adviser last night on
after the scandal, do you feel like you trust your bank? how's your relationship with it? may publish replies.
scandal is cigar sex is criminal act the ? sb will executives &amp; employees b held liable
to continue showed us love accepted us we also accepted them but together helped where no one would lv tou
i'm so glad how god is working in you+through u. praise the mighty name of jesus! the name above all names!
today is my first session appointment for my tattoo sleeve and everyone keep telling me to wait not yet
are you going to dr?
in other news, a year ago i listened to for the very first time and my life was changed forever.
idk, this changed my life forever
its dead ass facts yo. he crashed his car
my stomach hurt
: "important to make sure that open market is also for them [those who feel left out]."
: margrethe vestager, eu commissioner for competition talks about fairness and equality, while still maintaining open market.
that's rapefugees and the fbi is still looking into it even though the husane admin is barring them in many way
gtfo with your racist rhetoric. come back when you've emotionally matured.
why on earth do not get the message? spamming me directly will not get them any sales
they ring me on my skype number once a month too - i ignore it as i know its them.
1am thoughts: would stickers that say "use protection" for the sfmta open house be too provocative? i know, i know, the answer is yes.
please do this
do you know what documents you need to use when applying for car finance?
fica has been the most unpleasant experience with you guys, i just bought a new house and you refuse to accept any of my poa.
which borough?
i'm in manhattan but willing to drag my ass elsewhere.
hillary launches 'latino outreach' with... wait for it... illegals!
if they're for her, its ok for them to break the law. what kind of potential potus is this? same as pay for play
i get that you hate obama &amp; clinton and think all the stuff is a fraud. but who benefits? scientists? really?
being a climate scientist is a rewarding job, but come on now. we see the sea level's rising. i have nothing more to tell you.
"crazy," like "queer" can be self-description, or it can be a way to try to smear people. "that's so gay" vs "i'm gay!" frex.
anyway those are my thoughts and obviously only my thoughts. but....i would keep it because i call myself the same thing.
yes we need to stop bill krstol,bush41 and the rest of the right-wing nut jobs. who are they endorsing again?
if it's a choice between the bush 41 right wing nut jobs and the david duke right wing nut jobs, i choose bush 41
i'm not going to a blog called timwise.
. that's his actual name &amp; he writes frequently on race matters.
was digging through some of my previous millennial coverage &amp; came across this story. still so relevant now.
hee hee... as an older milennial (1982) i got a good laugh when the interviewee called us a non-judgemental generation
the portrait one
i'm hoping my hunch is right
so... a black cop shot a black person, &amp; a family member of the victim stated..... "white people are the devil!"...
the result of years of liberal pandering and political correctness!
. city points do carry over to future seasons!
awesome - thanks for confirming!
they taped me
wow smh lol
we were the only people in the theater when we saw it too.
i understand what they were trying for. but either make it a horror love story or love story with zombies. market it the right way
by getting your hopes up and letting you down at the very last second.
lol i just gotta feel the defeat myself
that's why i need to settle down lol
not in a strip club you won't
poll time for patriots fans because i'm genuinely interested in your thoughts: all health being equal, what do you do in 2018?
buy a house, get married, eat hot dogs, wear . not in that order.
i love my eyes...they brown n sexy ...fuck y'all lol
yeah they are, goddamn!!!
even worse when they don't let people leave the train before getting in
the most annoying thing ever
calling him a hero is a little bold i think...
heroes that initiate a discussion about social change often do so with a small gesture like his. though he's hardly rosa parks.
rather be "busy" till they finally drift apart. successfully avoiding hurt feelings &amp; ruining the possibility of a rekindle
i agree with the avoiding hurt feelings part like that's always my main concern lmao
i hate when people say african american when they mean black. black isn't a word you should be afraid to say or identify with.
all black people aren't african american, stop thinking the two are interchangeable.
with that said, defense has allowed fewest points in the nfl so far. and carson wentz looks like a stud. birds have a chance.
never bet against a red head
long battle for karachi's control awaits the city.
whoever delivers on karachi issues will get the vote
being a climate scientist is a rewarding job, but come on now. we see the sea level's rising. i have nothing more to tell you.
muted. i liked the insults though. apparently i want to be pegged and humiliated by transgender people and i'm also...
hey husband, i don't even know where to start...
what happened to the kudu steve now?
lame. seriously?????
right? lol.......
today @ 10 am -&gt; will examine allegations of misconduct &amp; articles of impeachment filed against irs commissioner koskinen
do u have a link to view?
meet the horde of neo-nazis, klansmen, and other extremist leaders endorsing donald trump
and they say that trump isn't like hitler! he is hitler reincarnated! intrinsically evil!
i got tunnel vision for the mission
and my palms are itching palms are itching
"hey siri, where are you?" just helped me to find my phone around the house.
lol did this yesterday and he said "i'm wherever you need me to be, sommer".
thank you for your thoughts! they mirror my own quite closely and it was affirming to hear it from someone else.
gotta stick together :) my pleasure.
mian sahb brings his extended family to un by our tax money. how is this gonna help kashmir cause?
.its call what the fuck moment
if you aren't going to fuck weird aliens stay the hell out of starfleet
(and if you are, don't forget to visit the james t. kirk center for the treatment of exovenereal disease!)
protesting criminals would be idiotic. they don't care about protests. good police work can stop them but the cops...
crime is at an all time low
long battle for karachi's control awaits the city.
regardless of who wins they will have to cooperate to deliver else they will be rejected
yes come home
i want to!!
an unarmed black man was shot by cops in tulsa - don't look away
good article. last year, 10,000 people in america were killed by cops in america by sept. in that time,1 was killed by cops in the uk.
not how they are trained, anywhere.
well with all that has been occurring, they need to explore that avenue
i'm pleased to announce that i will be joining titan for the autumn season!
great choice, max - best of luck!
has anyone done research on the threshold size above which it is inevitable that porn spammers will infest a social network?
(i just got a porn spam dm on of all places)
curtis with a beard?
nobody speaks : dj shadow feat run the jewels
muted. i liked the insults though. apparently i want to be pegged and humiliated by transgender people and i'm also...
it was almost like chatting with a bot.
and my palms are itching palms are itching
no i can't waste my time can't waste my time
not worse than pats fans sorry
preach ive never met a pats fan that was a fan before the "tuck rule"
you are spreading a lie and expecting apology? ridiculous. period.
i shared an article! this is outrageous!
hi there! we can assist you from here. please follow us and we will send you a dm. thanks!
i'm waiting.
no brunch bounce for me lol
but still if you are going away somewhere sunny why would you get a tattoo
took a terrible l last night, my 1st game of 2k17...
art imitating life?
why is it when you have a hospital appointment they ask you to come 15 mins early but your still sat there an hour later?
blah i hate that shit so bad.
modi uri misadventure is turning into a b grade bollywood flick. terrorists buried within 24 hours without identification.
and timing right before the un gen assembly
me when i follow baby anons and they have the nerve to not follow back
aka why i don't they're all boring anyway
no i can't waste my time can't waste my time
i gotta stay on my grind
hey husband, i don't even know where to start...
what happened to the kudu steve now?
protesting criminals would be idiotic. they don't care about protests. good police work can stop them but the cops...
why do you think cops are failing
"everything and everyone"
guess we need to update that list...
any child w a decent brain can be turned into a prodigy. the special sauce is a demanding parent w no regard for damage &amp; trauma.
do you reject the notion of general intelligence and the bell curve?
so this is what it's like to be a ticket mule..
wow you must really love anison
i'm trying to use go for a trip where i leave in 10 minutes, but when i hit go it tells me to leave now for bus coming sooner.
am i doing something wrong?
both clinton and trump had their best fundraising months yet in august breaks...
trump is getting all his funds from russia, that's why he won't release his taxes.
i agree, but if they want to go that route with the woman here then duane needs to be just as bare.
i'd be more than happy to see that...i'm old and believe in what's good for the goose...lolol
not really a fan of having lazy collections in realm... breaks simple code that uses map on results and passes that to filter.
maybe you're referring to the auto-updating nature of realm collections rather than their lazy behavior? lazy shouldn't impact.
fwiw, the audience at these general election debates is very small and urged to not become a participant
no need for a live audience. we want to hear what the candidates have to say not some idiot in the audience.
"transit 4.0 updated with real-time trip planning" thank fucking god
the pregnancy metaphor was kinda weird ngl
okay let me know. i will feed you! found an amazing place!
texas pizza ?? better than new york pizza ??
michelle obama unleashes hilarious impression of barack
saw her last night, she is just
world traveler
i have not left the country since well before you were lounging sea side in turkey.
today's shark smiling for the camera!
i always say it: the muscle mass of these animals is incredible!! great shot you guys captured!
this is old when it was 320gb/s since it is now 384gb/s i feel that the ram has been increased from 12gb to 16.
i think ap flubbed
the eagles won their first two games by at least two touchdowns. every team since 2003 to do that has made the playoffs.
there has to be a first at some point.
i just used apple pay on the web and its so much better.
btw, i bought this neat dock from :
but a majority of college educated whites do not agree with this, so this cultural schism continues: cc...
did you ever consider that us is a scumbag country that deserves a scumbag prez. obama was an aberration
my body is feeling it this morning.
guessing he really turned out to be 9 inches? :/
"that awkward moment when trump says the debate is rigged because moderator lester holt is a democrat then finds out holt's a republican."
too funny. just like this was.
: margrethe vestager, eu commissioner for competition talks about fairness and equality, while still maintaining open market.
: professor mario monti: "disagreements b/t eu and us anti-trust commission are the exceptions, not the rules."
so has convinced me to try bullet journaling. this (made by !) seems like the right notebook...
i just joined the community!
i blocked all of them immediately not even trying to hear any of their nonsense
i eat meat for gains.. i dont eat lettuce for gains
i might have to watch one mississippi. have to dip my toes into your amazon video world.
it's sooooooo good. we could even watch it together :)
new oots! , over the edge:
good one in the last panel!
it's time: background checks and waiting periods for buying a pressure cooker
i hear you and your company is broke. good.
trump loves to tell black people their lives are awful but refuses to criticize the police for killing unarmed black people
&amp; tell his supporters he's going to give cops the power to do what they have too. that'll go real well
watch out for our production workshops! for inquiries: bea agbayani (09088156814) or marika dayrit (09175825936)
posters so amazing
hello, we can share your tweet with the branch manager. please feel free to provide the branch location. ^mm
42nd &amp; 10th. and this is a conversation we've had with them maybe 20 times. so good luck i suppose.
since my job wants me to be here so badly i sneeze with my mouth open, i don't sanitize and i made a pile of my tissues.
if y'all don't care that i'm sick, i won't care when you get sick
384gb? they increased it?
no it's the interface ,
join me on the official donald trump for president app: and give me credit by entering my invitation code: ev7ar
you think we are on the right path,then you are part of the problem.
who are some of your fave black creatives that you're reading or looking at? bonus if they aren't in the us. (researching for a project)
sylvia williams 1973 curator african art ; first woman to head a smithsonian museum ; graduate
why would he lie?
not saying he's lying it's just a terrible source
"every white woman should cast a vote for donald trump." -- don king
said king after trump's check cleared.
the la times poll is the same 3000 people that can't make up their minds. any negative breaking news results in 2-3 point shifts
can i get paid to be indecisive?
sensing some sarcasm lol
how'd you guess? lol
(i just got a porn spam dm on of all places)
protip: just don't build dms if you aren't focusing on the chat experience. nobody will use them anyway.
never trust a girl who doesn't smile in pics
lol i guess that's a problem for me lol. have a good day louie
i'd rather not see challenge. coins don't mean much to me. i only use swarm to feed 4sq algorithm. am i missing the point?
not at all. checkins feed 4sq but so does just bringing your phone to a place and staying there 3-5 mins :)
in manhattan, i tend to go with 11th street bar or legends football factory. berry park in bk is my favorite tho.
yeah i've heard berry park is solid, i've never been.
but they are specific to her. they're also systemic. but that doesn't mean clinton isn't bought and paid for.
pretty much everyone currently in our political system is "bought and paid for" on your definition.
by default, it is less safe than , which makes dangerous for non-experts.
while u have some free time enjoy my blog
episode 10 of ! and
hear talk about his take on on
we sent multiple, detailed inquiries about these neo-nazi/klan endorsements to trump campaign. it disavowed none.
they are trumps base!
i'm probably gonna die today lol just saying
i can't die before camping
my home is so caucasian with earth toned furniture and walls, and fake leaves and pumpkins everywhere.
my family is probably so tired of my shit.
this was such a relief to me, i can't even tell you. i was thinking "was it creepy for me to invite her in? was it the right thing to do?"
i know how you feel. it's obviously the right thing to do, but people can be suspicious.
atlti's official supporter bar is carragher's on 39th btwn 7th &amp; 8th. those guys are fun.
this is good info!
i'm referring to the transcripts to the speeches she gave to wall street. was an issue in the debates
ah yes, i do recall that. yes, she should do that.
where are her bewbs?
she's 15 dude
i blocked all of them immediately not even trying to hear any of their nonsense
even thooo i love vegan dishes toi
the patriots success is 75% tom brady and 25% bill belichick. undisputed is on now on fs1 until 12 et
are you serious skip?
disagree. lie detector tests? hall passes? silly acronyms? methinks it could be
ha! thanks. :-)
maybe they ran out of coffee beans!
whatever their reason was, it started my day very poorly
they gon fuck around and wake a "sleeping giant"..
show is!!! one that's been sleeping for 400 years.
trump promised $5 million to charity if it were proven obama was born in the us. so will he now pay up?
. that would require him to have $5mm. or a donor to use as one of his foundation pass-throughs.
we have a critical mvp must get done list seen here
thanks :) will take a closer look
this is phenomenal. i laughed so much i cried... and then i sobbed.
shoot, her body double would still get more electoral votes than trump will.
just had a flashback to when i had a parking ticket and i turned on my wipers to push it into the wind...that one's coming back to bite me
dude they take down your info and fine you more when you dont pay
clinton's intransigence isn't on sanders. she is actively opposed to the left, because her donors have paid her to be
didn't say it was on him. just that there were noticeable changes in her stances during that campaign, partly because of him.
don king says trump's opponents are trying to "ridiculize" him.
american's say that the (aka sopan) are a "ridicule" to honest journalism!
hi there, random question but are your moonlight tix for the 10/3 screening? if so, would you be up to trade for them for 10/2?
my tickets are for 10/2. sorry!
guessing he really turned out to be 9 inches? :/
ohhhh god i would be in a hospital
to be fair, with regard to taylor, she specifically invited that speculation with the liner notes capitalizations for whole albums.
i just want more relationship gossip from rap albums rather than "this rapper has a beef with that guy"!
when people are so mad about your existence they feel obligated to tweet trash about you, know you're doing somethi...
or the need to comment on everything you post with something shady. it's like
trump campaign paid trump's companies over $500,000 last month
i guess he has made running for president another one of his businesses. hopefully, it will yet another failed venture
*tries to read both left and right wing news sources for balance.* "you're stupid!" "no, you're stupid!" *feels tons more well-informed.*
yay politics!
ventured out of the house for the first time post-surgery to raise a glass to the champ() so...
two great guys!!!!!
we did it! edgewonk 2.0 has launched. check it out
can i import trades programmatically? (via rest api or similar)?
top 1 position on god
on god i'll have a baby for this ..
this puzzles me. inflation is low. and unemployment is low and has fallen for seven straight years. why doesn't thi...
i'd wager it's more related to subjective perceptions of the economy rather than objective measurements.
maybe rather than trying to rebuild everything as decentralised blockchain wossits, maybe we could just build some institutions to trust?
power corrupts.
how is it possible this guy has only 14 rbi's? that is unfathomable to me.
i only know it's possible because i've seen all of his abs the last month.
you look like a building super, leave me alone!
i'm 2k i ain't shit, in real life i'm really good
hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured, get well soon. we need unity &amp; leadership.
... which is why you shouldn't vote for f**kface von clownstick.
. is moving forward with plaza thanks to the efforts of &amp;
this is a great, life-saving project.
do you ever speak on the importance of listening at senior levels or even how to do a listening tour?
yes! in october!
installed it on my 6p last night, so far so good. feels snappier..... good luck!
so far, so good...
dude has lost once in seven games. gotta get dem clicks doe.
despise the media...this isnt one of those trashy euro papers either!
he thinks niggers go to heaven
i'll smack the shit outta you boy
i think you changed list and results to adhere to lazycollectionprotocol in the most recent release?
map and filter are still available though? if you need up-front evaluation you can pass the output to array init?
now being shared. hillary clinton makes fun of the homeless, now we know why her team kept her in hiding for so lon...
all she does is criticize, trump, his supporters, the poor, homeless, list goes on and on n she goes down and down.
they really should stop calling them brewpubs and start referring to them more accurately - family fun kidzone w/ beer also.
my nightmare
i don't get how people don't get value out of 3d touch. takes some new muscle memory, sure, but it's the new right click. super convenient.
i liked it when they first announced it but i honestly didn't think i'd use it as much as i do. don't give me a mbp with 3dt lol
need a tpc stickum, please
they're up on our sticker mule store!
how long you in nyc?
couple weeks.
panel: relabel "marketing" mindset as "connecting" to build authentic brands panel
love it, just changing "marketing to "connecting" refreshes branding purpose.
breakfast these days: waffle w/ low-fat ricotta, , or both
sounds beyond good if i could eat dairy. but wow!! excellent combo!!
i would agree with you if he'd not have said it like he did as a question. hopefully/maybe can clarify it !
can deduct enough from it. it's not gonna be 384gb of bandwidth
other examples to illustrate: opposition to single payer, opposition to free public college
those are both issues that i can see a clinton administration coming around on, or not. trump, *absolfuckinglutely* not.
v8.0 starts downloading tonight. release will be gradual to make sure there aren't small regressions. many car configs, many environments.
always impressive when a perfect car bought in 2015 becomes better than any other late 2016 car. rebirth sensation.
solution is simple. disarm police. allow only a few well trained units to have weapons.
we should be addressing the underlying systemic issues too but this is so obvious, makes you wonder why it's not already happening
shark sightings in the chesapeake bay. looks like a possible bull shark. what does everyone think
after looking at the other pics, especially the one where he's about to surface, it's a bull shark.
gl on sunday to my fav giants fans
this hurts me
oh wow twitter is dead today
like me on the inside
idea that questions asked of mook this morning were too aggressive is silly. they asked for policy points.
and when goes on shows, she refuses to answer questions &amp; is not pressed on her lies
charlotte police shooting: protests erupt after cop serving warrant kills man
please make it clear that the warrant was not for mr. scott.
spinach hemp pesto + white bean dill dip, a match made in heaven!
ooh white bean dill!! love that!
listeners: tweet/call-in with your questions on for from 212-433-9692.
what would the standard be for age a child can be alone in a driverless car?
the situations in tulsa and charlotte are tragic. we must come together to make america safe again.
i could shoot someone in the middle of fifth avenue &amp; not lose a vote. sad!
it was a new low, even for him
i'm not a patriots fan, but my son and parents are. and it doesn't matter, that's a really shirt i thing to say. glad he's gone
no pressure or anything
;) (thanks dude!)
nothing like takeout from a 100% gluten-free restaurant! tried so many yummy eats from today!
great spot i feel so safe there!
a cop is not going to try and disable someone with a gun. they didn't sign up to die to appease blm.
understand that but something needs to change and don't throw at me, i am married to a retired nypd (1)
today is a great day: is making my dreams come true and it's not even 11am.
she is good at that!
impossible. i thoroughly enjoy my ny proper pizza
and you never know, maybe one day i will enjoy some texas !!!
maybe, maybe not. but ubiquity of a problem does not clean clinton's dirty hands. plus, i can think of one guy who ain't
i voted for the guy you're referring to in the primary. i'd rather we have him in the race. but we don't.
great discussion going simulation
we are so excites that this training is happening right now!
i'm not a patriots fan, but my son and parents are. and it doesn't matter, that's a really shirt i thing to say. glad he's gone
shitty not shirt.
coughed up the twice in week 2. but jerry jones still stands by his rookie rb:
forgot to mention on pace for 1,000 yards and 16 tds too
trump, moments later, taking the stage: "ah, there's only one don king..."
ok, making progress. recognizing individuals and not generalizing about groups. too bad he can't recognize same about refugees.
just cause i don't have my headphones on people think it's okay to talk to me...like please don't.
i will talk to you all i want, kajhel. there is nothing you can do about it
most certainly. it just makes the code a bit uglier. guess i'll have to live with it, then. :) thanks a bunch!
previously it wasn't possible to keep lazy behavior using those methods. now you have a choice. closer match to realm's semantics.
let's talk about goats, baby. let's talk about husbandry. let's talk about goat milk, goat cheese, goat mythology. let's talk about goats
this is a very good twittering
hillary canceled nc. off the trail resting again. was it even a week since last medical episode? selfish not to step down. corrupt &amp; broken
cancels then shitstorm in nc i don't believe in coincidences like this
dear lord this is hilariously sickening. had to laugh tho...
a shame has gotten so unwatchable. is a saving grace, for sure.
waking up and seeing all the support from the community just keeps me so driven. thank you
no, thank you. :)
clinton campaign manager robby mook bombs on morning joe
what because he said let answer those detailed questions? aren't we expecting too much from a campaing mgr?
i would've happily partaken in that convo
honestly so many things go into a mac and cheese. no one was interested in debating this last night
i voted for the guy you're referring to in the primary. i'd rather we have him in the race. but we don't.
and my point wasn't that the ubiquity of the problem exonerates clinton. my point was people overstate the case with her.
obama slams trump's wall in final un speech... but paid $75 million to build mexico's wall
his speech writers should check his history so he doesn't keep flubbing his lines.
both clinton and trump had their best fundraising months yet in august breaks...
trump is get his funds from russia, that's why he won't release his taxes.
trump was telling the truth when he said he doesn't settle lawsuits. his "charity", using money ponied up by other people, does it for him.
i'd love to be reading by . it will win the next
good accounts to follow etc
thx i got the whole set.
borrowed things :)
guess yore doing the right weddings when mr and soon to be mrs let you raid their stash
going to have a day for myself
or we can smoke some weed
list and results filter can no longer work with straight map because of that, as nspredicate doesn't support it. crashes runtime.
this i don't get. could you file an issue please?
i'm with this!!!!
lmao i was trying to debate what makes a good mac and cheese. we'll have to discuss this
well, you don't have to wear it
lmao shut up ... it looks nice ..
black bear sighted outside acton school!!
can use this photo on all nbc platforms with courtesy to you? thanks!
let me say this again: long distance relationships suck
i've been doing it for almost 5 years. it absolutely sucks. :/
a cop is not going to try and disable someone with a gun. they didn't sign up to die to appease blm.
(2) and have numerous family active law enforcement, and we all agree , changes have to b made or lives
and my point wasn't that the ubiquity of the problem exonerates clinton. my point was people overstate the case with her.
i really, truly, genuinely struggle to understand how people come to the conclusion that she's less honest than the average.
they need to put vending machines that accept credit cards
deadass since they ass wanna gentrify every damn thing, gentrify that!
now we actually have to see this through or else the elders of matrimony will have our heads ;)
awww beautiful photo! congrats!!!
woo-hoo! today is the first day of our september class! what are you most excited for?
yay for the new class!!!
dog astronaut: houston, we have a problem nasa: what is it? da: we ate all the food n: it's day 1, why would u do that? da: we're dogs
. my sister left a big bowl of cat food for her cats when she went on a camping trip and i was surprised bc .
great talk! thank you for putting this online!
thanks! you won't know if it's great until you watch it.. ;-) see you on the stream in an hour!
all of europe is lost. soon they will be throwing gays off of buildings and shooting up gay nightclubs.
cool story bro.
huffpost ryot announces first-ever comedy series and world news show in virtual reality. details at :
can we (please and thank you) get difficult people in vr?? are you guys in the huff post office? i'll be right up!!!
"i came across your profile on github and am quite impressed." there are only private repos on there...
they are impressed at your secret-keeping
the scariest phone call to receive is that a best friend got in an accident
the cop low key looks like brit
ominous background music could be making us afraid of sharks via
ya think?!?! the "jaws" theme is like no other!
ending the weekend with raw vegan carob chocolates with quinoa, macadamia and blueberries. from
i love that carob was used!
trying for a gelinaz sf ticket today? by any chance would you know what the price range is?
well, i see momofuku seiobo's tickets are $200ish (not including drinks, taxes, fees). aiming for atelier crenn with 2 others
pre-sale is now live for the december nyc dates. for access to your pre-sale code, make sure you are signed up at...
love when people scammers already start putting up tix on stubhub while real fans miss out. so bummed.
meet the horde of neo-nazis, klansmen, and other extremist leaders endorsing donald trump
it's ironic they say they stand for "winners" yet rally behind the flag of "losers".
moderater are making this conference so much more enjoyable (is that even a word?)
thank you! we just got started :)
aircraft on kuznetsov have shorter range due to lack of catapult. go away
yes nimitz has better aircraft but kuzenetsov has sheer offensive weapons. kuze is a battle cruiser
yup, you see the same thing in the military, there are so many steps before they came use deadly force.
do have a "use of force continuum" they are supposed to use but they zoom through it under guise of "split sec decisions"
a cop is not going to try and disable someone with a gun. they didn't sign up to die to appease blm.
(3) will continue to b lost on both sides of the spectrum, and as we r seeing protesting is not
we love celebrating our birthday week with you! what's your favorite thing to do on your birthday? tag in your response
love to indulge in sweet treats on my b-day!
this's one reason will not release his taxes cuz it would expose the crook he's, illegally using c...
the foundation's data is on the publicly available 990 and wouldn't be on his personal return
i got myself ion need shit.
looking for a new crack plug. dm me if you know a guy
ditto. i have tried to e-stalk you on skype. much love &amp; respect, always
updated operating system on laptop. see skype not open -- will go make adjustments xoxo
can you lowkey be obsessed with me
good morning
please stay safe linda.
yeah...thx....life goes on....we move on...
scientists may have solved a key riddle about antarctica via
antarctica is both getting colder and gaining ice mass.
i'm going to go out and hunt for pokmon. it's sad that my little buddy mickey died on monday. he was very old and sick. i don't think the...
...vets could have helped much if i'd brought him in one day earlier. it would've cost a lot of money &amp; i think even then it was too late.
this man has got 2 be african
this nigga looks like all my uncles in one pic
there's a statue of bill clinton playing golf in ireland (seriously). someone put a trump mask on it ...
. asks "who did it?" "gerry adams," one fb commenter writes, naturally.
i've swapped chairs. it was a big decision.
it completely unclear as to what seat you changed to
on your side (aka the right side) here. i'll drop a note...
respect, i appreciate that. just feel it minimizes the work and craft of the photographer when stuff like that gets done on
that's exactly the problems we had.
what a bunch of hacks
and an annual brenchel update
kys now brenchel updates are always welcome
...vets could have helped much if i'd brought him in one day earlier. it would've cost a lot of money &amp; i think even then it was too late.
and two weeks before that he was coughing more than usual and slower than usual but they probably couldn't have helped much then, either.
a cop is not going to try and disable someone with a gun. they didn't sign up to die to appease blm.
(4) accomplishing much of anything except that it needs to b addressed
happy birthday rubo best wishes aper
thank you
the "strata" that is almost completely absent in canada? the one that is far from homologous? the many that dispriv...
now i know what is so deplorable about jesse...his science.
hes mad i put him on the list
i didn't even put him on one yet. he seems more ignorant than hateful.
respect, i appreciate that. just feel it minimizes the work and craft of the photographer when stuff like that gets done on
team/league sites and channels. players and individuals can do what they want, think what they think is cool. groups? idk.
30! we can easily do fkb vs hmwhc and catch a body
you can't beat me in ball fam
you weren't a fan of last week's episode?? i'm kinda with you on that.
there really wasn't much to be a fan of, like it was so vague and hard to follow at times at least imo. it wasn't bad i just dk
another year, another nomination for as the best place to meet singles in rochester
i know there are 2 places on that list that i wouldn't want to meet singles at.
the list is missing jessie
godderz has become like the movie showgirls to me, it's so stupid but i like it lol
so my settings app is asking me to sign into icloud again. then prompts for 2fa code, but none of my devices give a...
that's a screen passcode it's asking for, not 2fa
idea that questions asked of mook this morning were too aggressive is silly. they asked for policy points.
there's double standard employed by media as to how trump &amp; trolls are treated compared to clinton
pre-sale is now live for the december nyc dates. for access to your pre-sale code, make sure you are signed up at...
love when scammers buy tix to put on stubhub while real fans miss out. so bummed but i'll try friday
the arb was a political shit show.
i have done some local security from my time in iraq--and the last person you want making security decisions is the secofstate
time for sick hillary, who had to cancel event today after another "episode," to release her full medical records....
every time someone gets her excited she goes wonky and her eye go zippy , that guy that yelled hillary for prison
but women cheat just to cheat, you can give them bitches the world craig and they'll still suck off another nigga....
and then kiss you in the mouth... now you wonderin why you got a cold sore in the middle of summer
life just keeps throwing tom foolery my way but it's okay
honest to god read "tom hilfiganer"
kids, do keep an eye out for $ttd trade today, it will pop!
$ttd just opened at $30 - representing the largest pop for a us listed this ytd.
hes mad i put him on the list
i usually save my racist list for the overt racists that know and are proud.
and two weeks before that he was coughing more than usual and slower than usual but they probably couldn't have helped much then, either.
so i'm glad he didn't suffer much, and i'm not beating myself up too much for not going to rush him to the animal hospital on monday. sigh.
. - no way meeting at trump tower had anything to do with this morning. nah...
was trying to nail mook on saying something wrong so that they could get it on record. he did not.
i just pitched you and your journey to an education consultant, who also happens to be a woman! :)
thank you! let's keep crushing the stereotype of gender inequality, one story at a time!
turns out the guy haight-ashbury is named for was quite racist.
+a lot of 1800s figures in san francisco. nativist racists dominated early ca even as pocs like madame cj walker prospered
you're welcome i'm not a piece of shit like people make me out to be
lmao no one thought that good sir...
i don't get how people don't get value out of 3d touch. takes some new muscle memory, sure, but it's the new right click. super convenient.
i liked the idea initially but hate the implementation. always comes up when i don't want it and can't get it right when i do.
he's a hater bruh
hella funny lol the guy must have a lot time in his hands
update; still wish a car would hit me on my way into work
not hard just enough to give me a day or two off
hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured, get well soon. we need unity &amp; leadership.
bullshit,what is your position on cops shooting unarmed blacks.oh,you're only an expert on blacks shooting blacks! fraud!
lol i don't really know but
i don't know this for fact; i was just talking out the side of my butt.
lmfao us as hell
we're gonna be so bored and just starting shit.
i really can't believe this is what was chosen after the previous day's of hell, despicable
brotha, i'm surprised you expected anything more from the ny post.
praise baby jesus, the world has been given a shot of jess' bare bum!
does this mean your team jess too?!
he also makes it seem like a vital component of his mental health.
if i miss tuesday night yoga at 7pm i am a basket case
hey there! have you looked into our trade in offer? learn more here for our trade in process. ^evanr
ok i just want to make sure it's still going when i get my phone by 10/14. i see that it ends 9/30 in puerto rico
i'm moving to new york next week!
really! awesome! so, next time i am here, i'll get to see you!
i do too that's why i'm questioning myself
i transfer them to my computer. so technically yes?
i always forget that those 3 are mid 50s;;;;;;;
yeah they have like thirty year worth of fans
you're missing the point. canada deep enough to field two teams if it wants. usa not so much. that simple.
the united states left 3 of the best players it has to offer at home on purpose. soo
who is responsible 4 more death bill kristol bush41 or dduke?trailer trash with no power or people who start wars?
electing trump will be giving "trailer trash" the power. so in other words let trailer trash catch up?
in the world we have today thank god for shows like blackish and empire and fresh off the boat and all shows that center poc.
blackish was filming the day i was at magic kingdom and we couldn't go on splash mountain.
so i'm glad he didn't suffer much, and i'm not beating myself up too much for not going to rush him to the animal hospital on monday. sigh.
but at least on the bright side, now i can go on longer, faster walks. mickey used to tire me out but he just got slower and slower. aging.
a woman belting out "shorty got low low low low low" ruined my snapchat video of birds eating corn on the cob at the farmers market.
ruined? sounds like she's trying to help.
a lot of people do
those people are trash then
opens door, sees bear, goes back inside.
work from home day?
there is video of gronk, big ben and edelman hitting bp homers before mlb games. sign those guys up too, i guess
*breaking news*
but at least on the bright side, now i can go on longer, faster walks. mickey used to tire me out but he just got slower and slower. aging.
waiting for that anti-aging pill. we might actually get one in my lifetime.
it was very strange. i kept rereading it
lol okay so it wasn't just me who was like "where the fuck is this coming from?"
halloween has the best treats...but we all knew that right?
i need 300 of those
. - no way meeting at trump tower had anything to do with this morning. nah...
kellanne can say ask the candidate but robby can't?
you're one of my favorite dominican girls fam.
you're spam
.: "clinton and obama derelict in terror fight" via
i think u r very wrong
no idea. i know there's a lot of voltorbs and magnemites
merp :/ hopefully i'll get lucky then!
ya tu sabe !! shits gonna be bonkers
this one is going to be insane
dr, joseph lin? nice touch! i love emily lynch. how's the 7th book coming?
i was tempted to use dr. jeremy lin. i love lynch, too. book 7 coming along. lynch even more intriguing in the new one.
i think is somehow partially to blame. he worked on a dphil strange market setups.
interesting, i thought they might be chandelier bids
if it rains i'm going to be pissed
that would suck for you
bitch im white and no one is jumping you welcome to twitter this is mild af
yeah... only one list, not a curse from me... we haven't even started yet.
dr, joseph lin? nice touch! i love emily lynch. how's the 7th book coming?
please remember to leave customer review at amazon.
or should i hoop? idk
do poi so i can take that shit from you
he just told his wife in the most natural manner he was going home.
moose cass, it is much more appropriate than "wife" kudu steve!
great shot! did you take it? this is kirsten from nbcny--would you give nbc universal rights to share/use photo? thank you
hi yep my shot and happy for you to use it
a few are being produced upstate, but why is no one in rochester capitalizing on this trend?
i know we talked about that on the podcast we recorded but it still surprises me
stop it libby rejected that just like i said, hey pinche
what?!? ricky lay off the crack son
totd: i alone can not change the world, but i can cast a stone across the waters to creates many ripples.
you really do belong in a club called .
i think the huge amount of porn on tumblr might be one thing holding them back.
tumblr is pretty much trashy material now
why is white space so scary to people?
everyone wants clean design, but we just need an email signup here. and a carousel up here. and our recent tweets over here...
texans are like the drunk uncle at the wedding. please don't embarrass yourself in front of everybody.
oh hush up, those receivers will make this a long night, i'm gonna be holding my breath every throw
i just rolled my eyes so hard i may have torn all of my optic muscles.
the first 100 iterations of the program will kill the patients...but after they get the bugs ur...um... features worked out...
and let me guess, wegmans is not one of the two...
hahaha. i wouldn't choose that place either. how's that song go? 2 of the other 3 are not like the other? lol
it was very strange. i kept rereading it
lol i was literally joking with her&amp;she brought up some shit from like april that i completely forgot about lol
i agree with that, but it is not a one way conversation, despite what liberal idiots think.
exactly, but there has to b change and these police departments need to accept that it's going to have(1)
omg i'm in physics come say hi
lmao they like escorted me to the door i couldn't
good luck demo-ing today. you'll crush it!
thanks bro! cc
obviously you have never been in an executive position of responsibility, strange she has plenty of spare time to run a "foundation
it is an excellent report about what happened on the ground. we can differ on the two-level down dc part.
i meant . but there's not an edit option...yet
delete and retry the tweet?
thanks for tip. i'd not heard of and just purchased both books. cooked my 1st recipe, loved, excited for more!
ha, , you've converted another to the bright side of salad. you should be on commission!!
honestly besides cringeworthy pandering to millennials, the only response to sanders campaign is that half measure college bs
and the minimum wage thing. and her position on the trans-pacific partnership. and gun control. and and and.
and don't let you break that chocolate for bottles with the alchol in them,cooking/cooked me out/down of hand sanitizer for residue!,whuut-?
and perfume and cologne along w/other cosmetics out of the nail and hair polish salons you know all about!
that's, wait for it... super nice!
this guy.....
who's the adult in the room now, kasich? trump taking power in ohio from weakling traitor kasich!
he's establishment, notice how they team w/ dems, as / are in change mode.
not having cable tv means i miss some momentarily "big" stories/debates. silver lining: 95% of that stuff is worthless distracting garbage.
. mainstream media's only good for covering events. discussing and investigating real issues though, talking heads don't do that
you could have just embedded my tweet.
about to embed my foot in your you know what!
it's happening !! es
there goes paris!##
over/under on this guy's level of education. i say he peaked in 5th grade and has been coasting ever since
he's a whole idiot g.
we can easily make this happen
you made your high school team fam? lol
oh please. you're a cuddly teddy bear
i am. poke me though, and i'm grizzly bear. or brown bear.
i just happen to hold people who've fought for the nation in a high regard. i'm not trying to debate anything.
you assume i or protesters don't. you have your assumed opinion and i have mine
donald trump on his running mate mike pence: "i never want him to get the crowds i get. because i'd get angry. and jealous."
ok, let's all go to the next pence rally!
omg great site name this is a totally healthy obsession you have keep going with it big things coming
brook-lin is great alt way to spell borough &amp; name for pnr with lopez. brook-lin scores!
today hillary is giving a speech about increasing opportunity for disabled americans &amp; trump is campaigning with convicted murderer don king
his crimes weren't an issue in 2008 and 2012 when he backed barry o tho
improve your day by pronouncing "icymi" as "ick yummy."
thanks! this is actually working for me.
i agree with that, but it is not a one way conversation, despite what liberal idiots think.
(2) from them too. too many incidents where they have been dead to right wrong and they walked
being super active, liking and commenting on my instagram also gives extra entries and sometimes i send giftcards....
hook it up babe
come see color purple with me and on 9/30 tho
ok did u buy ur tix yet?!
lol how far is tht nearest spot? you in ny still right
yeah lol sorry so late
my favorite new feature is the always-on max temp control for keeping kids and pets safe from overheating.
this is excellent. people who do this would be well advised to consider posting a sign "occupant air quality management is active"
wish would scratch him off too. will never watch that 6 p.m. show!!!
aaahhhh!!! i want to scream like the sound out of 's box, when i hear his voice!!
kellyanne can say "you'll have to ask the candidate" but robby can't?
i guess after that meeting with trump, joe is in love again. joe is another racist also.
when life comes at you at fast always remember
vintage dorn right there
...the players saw this as nothing more than an opportunity to get in shape early for the season
i was surprised to see even the crowd was dead. i guess i was expecting more of a vancouver olympic type of experience:(
what i found
that's in lions?
woah what? as someone who's only taken them once in a blue moon, that's crazy
right? just now i got off and i'm walking now. he was going all over the place.
i have no idea who you're talking about but there is a girl on here who flies in from nowhere to argue.
weeeeeee might be talking about the same person. we might be.
let me clarify: this is a terrible pizza place that i rely on to live
i tried to buy pizza at 10 pm in the bowery last night and literally could not. nyc is over.
might be wearing the exactly same thing... i thought i looked good
i thought i looked good too but i am no fashionista i just looked like a scene girl aka 7th grade
got an orchestra ticket for bon iver at kings theatre in december so i'm ready to have a sad time!!!
also seeing bastille at music hall of williamsburg in a week and a half so i'm seeing lots of new venues this season
anyone on macos sierra yet? thoughts? stable? issues?
no issues so far. and for once didn't mess up any of my dev environments.
thank you for this great shot from sidewalk nyc! and for letting us have a slumber...
it was my pleasure you all rock!!!
say hi to melissa and meg for me!
will do! also going to finally meet janet and chat about
what are youuuu
nooooo jacqueline people jaywalk sooo much here like it's actually a problem. they totally disregard the traffic signals!!
together with her upcoming spotty army!!
last year i met a mum with her 6 cubs... today i still wonder where co...
making care packages for the troops with members of congress
...i make those too. not with congress, but with fam shn
isnt it funny that if julian edelman is the backup qb for tomorrow, hes already the best qb in the afc east?
calm down ace, fitz ain't that bad lol
it's because she lies all the time and mocks people who state that fact. also, the rigged primaries. it's really simple.
there are legislators literally rigging every primary via gerrymandering as we speak, and shamelessly lying about incarceration.
yea...cause orlando gay nightclub never really got shot up by muslims. france prolly never happened either....
the whole country?!
stop using trump logic. democracy means something not shooting with pallet guns n guns
do you realize that the police and the innocent but violent protestors are locked in a vicious circle?
i cannot describe myself in three fictional characters. i need like five or six....
1. jo march 2. freddie (a different world) 3. marie (the aristocats) 4. sailor mercury 5. belle (beauty and the beast)...
they're so vile, can i send or are u out and about
i'm omw to work but send me lol
they hate us cuz they aint us
every melinquient should have that shirt
i almost never encountered overt anti-semitism in the us (abroad is another story) my whole life. since trump, it's routine.
it was on the rise before trump, trump is the symptom not the cause.
get a grip lady.
learn how to use twitter!
thanks for answering. (a) not disproportionate to crimes committed by black as % of pop, (b) so, so minuscule
black people don't commit more crime , they are arrested at a higher rate. very different.
top end only beaten by bolt unless you count john wall but omg dont do that lin is so good he should be an olympian...
lin olympian? i kinda like him better in nba. first step is huge key to his game.
1. jo march 2. freddie (a different world) 3. marie (the aristocats) 4. sailor mercury 5. belle (beauty and the beast)...
and maybe squeak from the color purple.
so it's 2016 and this is how they're drying the court in tokyo *smh*
but they have a roof?
ok, not too bad i guess. thinking of crenn as well. meadowood, maybe less expensive because out of city? *** though...
meadowood is a nice venue, but it would be a little difficult logistically on a thursday
girl if i can smell your perfume from 3 feet away you are doing too much
or maybe they just don't wanna be crusty
i'm sad to admit that i've djd for twice. played golf a group behind him once. seen him hit his son once.
. i'm betting he hit his son better than the ball.
site is getting slammed but looks like everything is running smoothly. let me know if anything isn't working:
another top notch release, stoked to add it to my ugmonk anniversary collection.
tesla keeps temp below 40c/105f by automatically venting cabin &amp; turning on ac when needed. can do this for up to a year on a full charge.
up to a year?!! amazing!
the situations in tulsa and charlotte are tragic. we must come together to make america safe again.
why?because police got caught on camera shooting niggers?you just can't get yourself to admit it's not black on black crime
kerry: how can people embrace a regime that drops chlorine gas again &amp; again &amp;again. are you supposed to sit &amp;have happy talk in geneva
many cite u.s. atrocities in iraq &amp; say stfu. paint all rebels as "terrorists." ignore stats as biased. defiant alternate reality.
dammit got me to read the damn shriver speech for a damn comment on it and now i need 9 million showe...
you're only reading it now? i'm sorry.
my lil' buddy the gr1
nice. i also love backpacks. i'm rocking the icon slim:
best movie i've seen all year. i lost it when i saw nixon in the pool.
you guys weren't disappointed by the ending?
can kissing be more intimate than sex? tweet us your thoughts.
i kiss everyone. hell whoopi!
there are legislators literally rigging every primary via gerrymandering as we speak, and shamelessly lying about incarceration.
there is intransigence in congress preventing the supreme court from being whole, and from any useful bills at all from passing.
there is a complete disregard for the rule of law in some communities and that is the problem.
(1) the majority of these shootings have been unjust hence these protests, and not for nothing have been
it's . tell us what you think needs to be done to achieve world peace.
. let's invade fewer countries and topple fewer governments under the pretext of "democracy".
having wahlbergs daughter sit with you during the interview. awesome stuff
thanks. good kid. i thought it might spice things up.
*very and1 mix tape announcer voice* oh babyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
i read it as a freddie mercury bohemian rhapsody
swarm coupons seem like a great idea.
seriously so glad they were able to roll this out, hope it helps the core business
2016: ballet twiter (???) is real mad at kendall jenner for doing a ballet-themed photoshoot for vogue spain.
ballet twitter might be even more insane than gaga twitter !
inappropriate musicals:
why didnt u run thru london with me to save gorillas. please rt to help me raise $
im only kidding haha. now if it was jimmy g id be telling the truth.
who made the patriots ? brady or bill ?
there is intransigence in congress preventing the supreme court from being whole, and from any useful bills at all from passing.
there is real corruption, and real evil, and all the left seems to want to do is eat their own for not being far enough left.
teacher stomps on american flag during class
ok, and he did this in the south?
why did i think it was the day valley of the dolls and beyond the valley of the dolls were released on bluray???
because it is. the official release date is the 27th.
nyc emergency rally for today @ 7pm union square ...
...7pm et rally shn
michelle obama reportedly joked about her husband being boring. does your partner ever bore you? do you tell them?
i tell him the door is to the left.
and perfume and cologne along w/other cosmetics out of the nail and hair polish salons you know all about!
what you know about baked apples and car paint-! between the chinese and the latins i can't ask who knows what i'm talking about;you know!
don't know her but i know the destination
we had banging crepes at this one place. casual cafe like. so good.
where do i buy these jorts
if you find out tell me
omg ur totally right rose is the face of the knicks not porzingis or melo definitely rose great point
porzingis rocks! love the kid. he is face of team for future. did you know i covered knicks 19 yrs for newark star-ledger?
here's why i say, if trump is elected president, it will be because white people are selfish.
as it stands, trump is who white people see as representing their voice. while hillary and democrats push liberal agendas that continuously
what is that ?
basically cross platform imessage ...so android folks can text like imessage with ios folks lol
i took the rudest part last night. that came late. was suppose to be 10, was 14. wanted all separate checks. and shorted me. on $270
mind you i picked up this shift. and didn't leave until like 11pm and i never took a break. fuck me right
that tap to unlock with fingerprint is driving me crazy.
same! what the f&amp;$! is that?!
if i ever dm'd you in the past please forgive me, i was just being thirsty
smh lmfaooooo
there is a complete disregard for the rule of law in some communities and that is the problem.
(2) going on for two long and not being addressed, i agree when there is criminal activity yes, they
1) espn radio station attacks me. 2) i obliterate them on air. 3) i officially end the war....
who are you? who are these people? why is this a thing? who cares?
the $64,000 question: name this woman
to you i know all 90s brunettes are the same! so it matters little whether we distinguish b/w tripplehorn/ormond/mastrantonio
charlotte police chief, the facts: keith scott had a gun, he was repeatedly told to drop the gun, he wouldn't drop the gun. he was shot.
what's your opinion on tulsa?
comment below your favorite drugstore brand makeup items
nyx contour corrective cream palette
the fact that people a part of fan site couldn't get tickets because they all went to stubhub immediately is disgusting
but also the fact that the face value was $55-$105 and now the cheapest is over $170.
that font is kinda amazing
yeah, i love the cover design.
they do, counting the indie days........ i'm devastated josh!!!!!!!!!!
there there. look at this adorable thing
uptalk just came in the mail and i am alive for it.
you can and should get your own uptalk at
6 years in the making still have my day 1 notebook. back when was the talener group.
congrats kim that's great!
omg ur totally right rose is the face of the knicks not porzingis or melo definitely rose great point
when willis reed was knicks hc i covered his first practice &amp; after he asked me to shoot horse with him. omg.
actually, scratch that. not unsettling. honestly, it scares the shit out of me that the largest police union is coming out hard for trump.
scares the crap outta me too. something is very wrong in america
movie was fantastic whole way though
i really loved it, but something about the ending left me feeling hollow. can't put my finger on it
hi! you/your employees should come by our 50% off ! (we're neighbors.) vintage! modern! tees!...
sure thing! if you need help moving, please contact our account executive stewart feitel at sfeitel.com!
i am sad about frayed jean hems coming back into style
no way. this is a joke right? this can't be happening
respectfully disagree but thanks for watching and listening.
it's the nbc way.
... a dude thought i was you. apparently we are dobbelgngers
i don't know who that is, but you &amp; i do sorta look alike!
was genuinely upset when 's snap story ended tonight
haha we're you expecting more?
there is real corruption, and real evil, and all the left seems to want to do is eat their own for not being far enough left.
that's my frustration with the anti-hillary drumbeat. at best it's misguided. at worst it plays into the hands of true villains.
i'm doing this right now with my home network
i avoid cleaning my home this much?
still buzzing over last night's show. in the midst of wonkiness, 5 powerful storytellers reminded us...
you and me both, ! i love me some wonkiness but those stories last night were incredible.
lmfaoooo i got a whole wife rn
nigga was feenin
love this obt listicle: "10 places in south america you never thought to visit (but really should)" via
well, i've done seven of the ten.
got a new piece in amsterdam
we pigeon pals now
there is a complete disregard for the rule of law in some communities and that is the problem.
(3) have to take whatever action necessary, but that is not always the case as we've seen too often
mind you i picked up this shift. and didn't leave until like 11pm and i never took a break. fuck me right
when i say rude, they were yelling at me. never said thank you. ordering out of order. when i brought the bday desert "that's it??"
songbird 5-2 fav, beholder 3-1 second choice distaff early odds by daily racing form. full drf coverage 2016 breeders' cup begins this week.
at 5/2 i'm emptying my bank account!
many cite u.s. atrocities in iraq &amp; say stfu. paint all rebels as "terrorists." ignore stats as biased. defiant alternate reality.
i've been lectured about gas, barrel bombs. so what? dead is dead. my "indiscriminant casualty" argument didn't sway.
probably my favourite thing about myself is my unwavering commitment to the never tweet agenda
i tweet like once every three days at 11pm and feel so goddamn superior because of it.
video captures violent fight between student and teacher
teaching is an underrated profession.
tip: a good way to know when it's time to do some repairs on your car is that you finally have a tiny bit of money in the bank.
the upside is that the man who fixed the car was wearing a melissa etheridge tshirt.
. 3rd day in a row your montclair boonton train has stalled out at msu causing upwards of 5 mins delay. what gives?
5 minutes! totally unacceptable ;) we don't even get out of bed until it's about 10 minute delay here.
who, me? oh, nothing.....just drinking a chilled double espresso out of a martini glass.
pinky out? who would have thought you would go all hollywood on us....in italy....
bolt's avg mph gotta be wrong. how can "avg mph" higher than "top mph" ?
i chart-challenged, along with other tech/analytics data. i'm not one to ask. ask
stop using trump logic. democracy means something not shooting with pallet guns n guns
for democracy to work, people should use democratic means of protest, which is not the case here!
dear twitter. can someone explain to me why greenletexit decides to inherit from baseexception and not exception. thanks!
not actually familiar with it but were they modeling it after signals a la keyboardinterrupt rather than normal control flow?
when i say rude, they were yelling at me. never said thank you. ordering out of order. when i brought the bday desert "that's it??"
it was every servers nightmare. if you don't have money don't go out to eat. if you don't have manners, stay home.
part of the real evil is in the democratic party, and trump has nothing to do with that moral rot
actually he has a lot to do with it. he was one of the buy-and-pay-forers, for years and years.
good morning dub nation it is now 34 days until we'll be seeing our warriors on the court again.
if yesterday was kevin durant time. (35 days). then today is shaun livingston time.
i'm that raccoon, and that little chip is the ticket...........
*in trembling voice* "pls gimme josh..."
god, i would have loved to have seen some of the twitter hot takes during selma if it was around then...
"how dare mlk and his thugs hold up traffic! what if an ambulance needed to get through? show some respect! this is not how we do things!!!"
me too tbh i'd rather have them laugh at me than just shoot me for no reason
be careful with this distressed angry white boy from florida. i'm sure he dreams of shooting innocent people too
happy birthday ruboo! wish you the best &amp; hope you get bigger and bigger each year! luv youuu
lmfao thank you
wow, it's in an airport!? how cool!! thank you for letting me know. =]
yes! terminal 2 at sfo!
gutless leadership is my new favorite band name.
i look forward to your first album "pushing blame"
i thought he could be but they wanted him with u24's. not 100% sure. would know
yeah usa asked for an exception for eichel
nice! any idrive is always welcome!
thanks! definitely enjoying the ride!
congrats to &amp; team! excited to be a small part of this journey. it's going to be fun!
congrats to everyone involved.
slain man's family disputes charlotte police account of shooting
this piece of shit should be arrested for inciting a riot. he had a gun. not a book
do guest lists serve a function besides providing the moochers an avenue?
i think gl are good for friends/colleagues. but, overall, yes they provide moochers to take advantage of nice people.
shit man, fingers crossed you get it. i'm still waiting for the black 128gb plus stock with the upgrade plan
domt get me wrong, i already have the 7. but just looking for that plus upgrade. //
man what is u doin
kaela don't like this logic cause she a cheater
yeah, for sure. hoping that might make getting a ticket little easier. but this the bay area after all so who knows : )
if i end up as a 4top, i'll let you know. the other two are master foodie jedis, world travelers, etc.
you hear no evil; i see no evil!!!
i think that's my 2nd favorite ever, right after !
day off. time to go out and do errands
extremely sexy and hot!!!!.
boxing promoter don king tells white women that trump will be their savior, don't let the media "ridiculize him."
he's ridiculous.
my thing was...if you were legitimately coming for her or whatever... why not take it to the dms
that's the thing, tho: i wasn't and never would. especially because no money exchanged hands nor was anything ordered. i joked,
it was every servers nightmare. if you don't have money don't go out to eat. if you don't have manners, stay home.
i still made $160 fuck your money. but if you're broke at least be fucking nice. y'all treat your waitresses like we're not human.
not even 2007, that was iphone os
an iphone os truther appears!
there is a complete disregard for the rule of law in some communities and that is the problem.
(4) the longer it takes for both sides to come to the table with a viable solution, worse it will get
the month i dread at work...
santa claus is coming to you hause
these are the times when i miss chappelle's show the most.
, i really wouldn't have expected that. well, not in the real world. too bad this is real.
did you get a ticket
yeah i have a whole drawer of tickets, i'm gonna have to put my coworker on payroll, he fights one every month for me
now: new giant keenan robinson talking trash about his time in dc. what do we think of his comments?
ex girlfriends do this all the time because they are hurt. if the skins had kept him, he would have stayed.
dude the drivers out be speeding down the street when we're walking across like there's noooo rules of the road down
righttttt like wheeeere is everybody going that's so damn important like okayyyy
best predictors of trump/brexit support aren't economic; they're racial/cultural attitudes.
economic anxieties are inflaming tribal signaling(i.e. "race"/culture)...as they always have.
fact: donald trump used his charitable foundation to purchase *multiple* six-foot-tall paintings of himself.
fact: hillary clinton left 4 americans behind to die on then lied to the dead families faces.
my exes need to not reach out to my family and friends. my ig and twitter are public. i'm good. i promise.
you mad cold hearted lol
most of the time is because they actually think you not shit and just want to get away from you.
you're always so mean to me.
!! check out my latest article !! comment like share share share &amp; follow for more updates
i may or may not have teared up a little
watch it buddy!! always trying to bait me onto the twitters.
haha! just looking for more quality content.
we understand delays are frustrating, romn. what flight are you on today? ^cc
flight ua 345 to chicago :/
if it's who i think it is, she's muted
who do you think it is?
sorry you're going through this, lovely.
kaye's stuff from last night pushed me over the edge, but it's all too common isn't it.
i kove this movie more than i should.
does this movie come before any given sunday?
. thanks natasha! i'm glad you enjoyed it. how do you practice reciprocity with your community?
can't always be about what our community can give to us but what we (values, inspiration, etc) can give to our community
history teacher's lesson includes stomping american flag in classroom /// are we surprised anymore?
i think that teacher could've made that point another way. really f***ed up.
i didnt' want to be cliche and spell it gangsta.
of course not. now pick up those sagging pants and get moving
thank you for reporting this condition. we have notified supervision. reference # 160921-000177. ^bd
i first noticed the situation yesterday and it remained the same today. it creates a risky situation on the stairs.
where do we go to make an appointment with you to get nails done? i'll be on brooklyn and like your work n waned 2 go 2 u
dm for the contacts
when you realize you didn't charge your phone overnight and your entire world falls apart...
i have a charger
so based on this new zodiac sign.... i'm no longer an aquarius. i guess i'm a capricorn now. thank goodness i never got a tattoo of it.
an infidel in this, but how did your sign change? not the same birthday anymore? :p
as it stands, trump is who white people see as representing their voice. while hillary and democrats push liberal agendas that continuously
push for equality. putting white ppl in compromising positions when conversations about racism and oppression are brought up.
oh mah god if this is "a thing" suddenly going around in ya...i can't.
i've seen three instances in the last week? bananas.
i guess trump figures,other republicans have used america to gain personal wealth,so he'll milk it now for his foreign accounts!!!
you have disease.
trump's campaign manager just noted, for some reason, that george h.w. bush is 92 years old:
that's disgusting. needs to explain this list of her racist birther candidate's lies. ...
the mcchicken video
ahhh i might do that
i wonder what's good on tv tonight??
svu missed you, like the more responsibility roll for fin! when is ice &amp; coco coming back?
who wants to see what came in the mail today
this bitch what up
how is cudi aboutta let a fake ass artist like drake talk down on him
first of all doubt that's real second of all i might have to hit that unfollow again
making you wanna go back to bed huh lol
hell yeah, eyes get heavy as fuck
i need to spend some time in ny and la where people are more serious. too much competition there for people to produce anything but quality
ud be shocked at how many people our age are not serious in la... trust. there are few
wow i really did that
omg that is so beautiful
the only thing i liked about it was how it was shot. i hope you're right about tonight's episode. we need answers!!
i think the theme has potential too!
stats revamp! read this development update from lead systems designer michael mann, and tune into twitch at 11am pt...
i might consider coming back to start fresh with a new toon. when does this update arrive?
react to de'arra and ken .. any prank video (if you haven't)
okay cool i can do that
keep youthful! sample rescue skin travel 2-pack rescue skin offers regenerative and preventative products
+ see this wk's riteaid health/ beauty/ photogift bogo deals sitewide + &gt;$34.99!
who's a judgmental bitch??????
me apparently
wow, it's in an airport!? how cool!! thank you for letting me know. =]
the first lines have already destroyed me: "they spoke and worked and loved and died." you can mop me off the floor, i've melted.
i always knew this would be how i'd be in twitter moments
big congrats to you
"us as celebs"? how is celebrity an "us" situation in this case?
as soon as you add dj to our twitter handle you become a celeb.
fbi director gets a big wake-up call from congress after letting hillary off the hook
comey has corrupted the fbi and all but removed the word "integrity" from its motto. all to protect hrc. amazing!
trump voters will prove this is a lie! tim kaine guarantees hillary victory at hollywood fundraiser
he's probably leading efforts to manipulate voting machines, need voter id!
you guys know we always give some free yeezy slots out. i think it's about that time
please hit me with the opp!
"how to make hard decisions" by
this was such a good piece. gotta learn how to write well from nathan.
the upside is that the man who fixed the car was wearing a melissa etheridge tshirt.
also? he had just unwrapped some swiss rolls for his breakfast. he thoughtfully gasped at my total.
depending on how fresh these talks are, this could be huge or old news.
important point in ft apple/mclaren article. and reported on this shift back in july...
wishing you the happiest of birthdays! my person to have one-too-many martinis on a tuesday night with. love you al...
hahaha best comment ever!!! love you virgo twin!
remind me to think before i open my mouth next time
lol. oh how this conversation has progressed. gahaha.
. yo happy birthday man this is the best gift anyone could ever give you
someone stop this man
push for equality. putting white ppl in compromising positions when conversations about racism and oppression are brought up.
in trump, they see an end to these conversations and a return to a time where minorites 'knew their place'.
come watch greys with me &amp; tomorrow you supply wine i supply the tv
i'll also supply the tears
can you honestly believe anything she says christopher stevens and three did --how did that go
in 1975, hrc was fired from the watergate committee for lying and unethical behavior by the dem chairman. history liar!
just ordered my new camera setup and so could not be more stoked
oooooh. what you getting?
nope im not no where near
oh now you're not...lol
sure bill put together the finishing pieces to a solid defence, ty law, bruschi, mcginnest, lawler malloy.
nowadays he just wins with anyone tho it's mind blowing
though, i think it's actually the official release now and not beta:
downloading! i was misinformed :p
what to do with people who said they were vegan then went back to eating meat, actually.
yeah like they gave it a shot... the thought of trying shud count
"we may be tiptoeing into gary johnson territory." hillary clinton campaign manager had a meltdown, unable to answer questions.
"unable" is a nice slight of hand. "unwilling" would be more accurate
i confess my recollection of nes mega man games is sketchy at best
wiley was a good guy sometimes, although he usually wasn't very good at it. you wandered into a better analogy than intended. :p
how wonderful, did you get a side shot of her? if yes, we can identify her for you.
yes i have, but to be honest she was in masai mara. wherever it happens is magic!
in trump, they see an end to these conversations and a return to a time where minorites 'knew their place'.
a time where their voice was the only voice that mattered.
meadows festival?
i will check my work schedule and get back to you
george clooney is visibly shaken when told of brangelina divorce
aww, poor baby. what a dork!
happily won lottery of a drone at the &amp; cimt stand of !
wohooo congrats howard!
something super underrated about is using the generators to *remove* things. it's really nice!
thanks to soon that will also remove the directories it creates!
plus me! thanks . inspiring.
you rock, thanks again tony!
$hg $copper break of these chart support levels opens up next targets. 230 holding strong.
230 for copper...too ambitious
mark cuban: "trump is an immediate and present danger to the security of this country"
because god knows we take our political cues from mark f''ing cuban.
made it to glasgow! my friends said many thanks for the hospitality and a big hello to the girl from drog...
pleasure mate! the lassie left for ireland right after that day!
this is the newest mess but there's an even worse one ill send after
omg one of them is clearly trying to be the beyonce of the group. the one with black hair. carmella?
kicks on court classic // vince carter's nike shox bb4 pe
those were my 8th grade basketball shoes.
evolutionary biologists are not interested in dialoging with aig because their religion is proven false
while the religion of aig folk has been proven false, that is not the reason biologists don't dialog w/ them.
it's no normal distribution. it's a savage power law &amp; our rent seekers are desperately trying to both enslave &amp; d...
it looks like exp() w/ threshold minimum. like baseball? 80mph+ may apply. underlying normal
exactly just keep making your moves and don't even worry bout no hater ass shit bruh i see you making progress
i appreciate it, bro! thank you for the love! back to you
thanks to everyone who made my bday the best yet in and bringing that cake lol
happy (belated) birthday!!!
why is it so easy for leftwing blogs to get their silly complaints to be the news of the day, whereas a huge anti-hrc story is suppressed?
certainly, there could never be a usegroup where "journalists" would attempt to coordinate coverage across multiple outlets.
cops will not simply stop patrolling our communities because we prefer an alternative. they'll need to be driven out.
...legislators will shout their accord!! but have no clue how to work with the folks...
what minimum wage thing? you mean falsely taking credit for the $15 an hour thing in ny? you mean her tepid half measures?
i mean her advocating for a raise in the federal minimum wage, despite not advocating for it to go as high as it should.
"we did it for 2 reasons - and they're both attached to maggie geha"
did they at least use some stupid magic plant serum plotline so it makes sense in-story?
now this is cool! from this month's rachel ray everyday. looks like they're getting in the halloween spirit too!
if the quote wasn't there i would frame that
true. but i doubt he's as good a dj as that 3 year old scammer that won sa's got talent with his fake dj'ing.
what is sa's got talent?
a time where their voice was the only voice that mattered.
if trump wins the majority of the white vote and the election, it will be yet another slap in the face to minorites.
and yes u r right they don't. atleast brangelina stayed 2gether 4 12 yrs
they prolly just stayed together that long since they have 6 kids - stuff like this is sad 4 the kids though
i'm still not over how cool ribosomes are
this is why ily
migrating more folks to the new digest this morning. get yours at:
this is very well done ryan. i love them. ph going back to its roots.
looking for experienced magento developers. to apply, dm/reply to my tweet
submit your details here:
these are the times when i miss chappelle's show the most.
hilarious. agreed
very interesting (yet unsurprising) polling data - countries most closely dealing with asylum seekers the most pess...
. although, poland and hungary should have better institutional memory on refugee policy
cool. i was thinking of bringing mine if you were
he's not the biggest fan of just sitting there, and his jet lag situation is still being worked through.
encourage for the mamabears edition. 4 years ago around this time my baby was almost 3...
god is good. omere is a blessing
&amp; over such a minor thing! all he did was call an entire organization racist. the 1 that used their 1st ever pick on... a black qb
haha i can't believe he deleted his twitter. seems unlike him to give up after being so vehemently wrong.
- he should know her basic positions. embarrassing interview for campaign manager.
it was more than a basic position, they're just looking to make news and it's bs.
and i'm assuming canada did the same for mcdavid?
it's not been reported. i don't think they would because they do have a complete roster already.
that's the o part!!!
i'm supposed to be paying attention in a mtg right now but this is way more fun.
this new payments page on is really fantastic. even gets a plug!
there's a big one at the bottom of too!
i'm just shocked the authorities actually followed through on their warnings. very shocked.
that truly is new
keith lamont scott. terence crutcher. too many others. this has got to end. -h
good morning madam president! you are simply the best and most amazing woman!
alas, this conversation is better held over beers than across the inter-webs
much agreed. not sure when i'll be in california next. you in new york anytime soon?
debating whether it will do me good to have two workstudies plus my fulltime job
girrrl, that's a lot of work
great podcast. paterson is the town i live in. i remember when they where filming. finally a movie about real america.
going to take me months to catch up on all the films they saw over the course of a week. many thanks for listening.
and we couldn't be more proud of his accomplishment". - jamal slappy of the
stanford was in to see jamir harris yesterday and he was gonna visit there but pitino and kimani closed the deal quick.
look: teacher stomps on american flag during class
hey, citizens, this is what your tuition and taxes pay for. shouldn't you have a say in what your kids are learning?
what's happening friday night?
going to see in concert at msg!
4th tier x-factor clone
well, i haven't seen x-factor either...
do they have savings in other off book places? other forms of liquidity?
i'm pretty sure they don't. most likely barely staying above water.
at 11:12, is asked if she will root for ward over kovalev
so said she'd know in a week or so about her next fight
the , but also the . both have been used illegally. &amp; . that's why
there is a difference. the accusations are most false
let's stop talking about the anthem, and focus on the issues at hand
that kaep sucks? lol!
literally shattered my phone screen on the fucking carpet snapchating just now. does any other fate wanna butt rape me cause for fucks sake
wow on the carpet
as trump rises, clinton's cookie cutter campaign is making dems nervous, including pres obama
voters are getting serious. they know trump is the right answer.
i agree! i hope the potential comes to fruition though hahaha. freak show had major potential but i felt i was let down.
freak show was literally awful
kuznetsov will be destroyed long before getting a chance to use the weapons.
you seem to be completely forgetting the extremely capable su-33 air superiority fighter on the kuznetsov
so awesome meeting and chatting with you last night! beautiful job!
great meeting and chatting!
motivation to keep blogging: "i have lost count of the number of times your articles and blog saved me. thanks for all your hard work."
it's so nice to get feedback like that.
update: sf bay ferry vallejo morning departures serviced by shuttle buses due to a potential oil spill.
hi, has ferry service been restored? can you confirm? thanks
man i'm so sad about it, would love to do it i'm just not going to be here :/
no worries man! that's what i get for planning so last minute
in which i cheer the durability of 's marketing and 's product ...
jon thought of the definitive guides and wrote the first one. i was handed it to design when i arrived. his genius. :)
members of congress &amp; staffers build care packs &amp; send messages to our military.
...yes indeed we do that too. (if only that thing they call a "war" was less complicated...)
not for . goal is to suck you in, waste your time, and demoralize
getting rw trolls in my mentions who obv read&amp;contributed to borber threads to manipulate yr hatred.
i wish i could. i love old york!
we are looking forward to your next headline performance at wine and comedy.
i'm fully aboard this btw...he saved me from going 0-8 gambling and it's great for the brand
i resisted for so long but how could i hate my doppelgnger/franchise qb?
just thinking about the 2 laps i have to run in like 45 minutes :(
bro i was laying in bed thinking about those laps when as soon as i woke up
and as if only the cop's fear matters.
(off-topic: your name is amazing.)
isn't it just! certainly brought lots of fresh ideas to our strategy meetings
be the entrepreneur that your business needs you to be.
keith lamont scott. terence crutcher. too many others. this has got to end. -h
keith lamont scott had a gun and posed a threat to police... stop spreading cop hate
all those other men were practice for me, for me
girl you look good wont ya back ass up
yes for raiding.
i thought you only had a blood elf paladin. interesting...
important point in ft apple/mclaren article. and reported on this shift back in july...
ft saying mclaren would be valued somewhere between 1 and 1.5 billion pounds. that's less than $2b. pennies for apple.
nairobians, finally you will see your taxes in use.
the fact that raila still wants to run for president is just mind boggling. as in how now?
ya right, the office is not powerful all by itself. djt as potus=dysfunction nothing more. hrc in =endless wars1/2
1st, dysfunction can cause death. 2d, trump is no dove, and his advisors aren't either. also disagree w/ hrc=war
he's too good for all those scrubs on team na, imo
he is but it's a different situation. plus his coach in edmonton is the coach of na so it's chill.
good thing we are only a few weeks into school and my grades already look like shit
senior year baby!!!!
most cops know what to do. but that's not enough. most communities trust police with good reason. that's not enough...
i disagree, since many minority communities are distrusting of police
what's up with your links showing up as web these days
, this is happening for myself and others as well. it must be a bug of some sort.
it is finally happening! the very first statement! music night will take place on the 19th of...
that's awesome! congrats!
hey, douchebag jr, what flavor skittles are these syrian refugees?
i'd you can't understand what he said you must have an iq of 7. statements like that prove it.
as the article suggests, i think a lot of people adjust their spending upward accordingly whenever their income climbs
oh, yeah. which is crazy to me! i know making more means being able to afford a little more, but there's still...
bono: donald trump is potentially the worst idea that ever happened to america.
bono so articulately describes the genuine angst many americans feel at the thought of a trump presidency.
im still up studying. what is life
you got this! you can do all things..
dr, joseph lin? nice touch! i love emily lynch. how's the 7th book coming?
just saw your review! thanks. my goal is to get film made. all of them make good films or hbo/showtime series.
pull the race card classic we r u used to it
okay..dont care lmaoo
we do not have a live date. we expect it to be the next thing to hit the test server.
np, great job with update!
it pays to have a fiance who gets free mags. would've never even known! and yes, it's getting added to the noes collection!
if i didn't have a burning hatred for rachel ray i would buy it.
oh that's cool
lets just hope the tentacles are not included
it's a show where people win based on a pity vote. previous winners include a deaf dancer and a street cleaner.
like idols? where people cry because they don't get instant fame?
pause. can we talk about this game diss real quick?
lol i was done when he came for beanie
when the snow falls and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies but the pack survives
when dead men and worse come hunting... you think it matters who sits on the iron throne?
what's think of brad and angelina's breakup?
this we are going to have to work at it !
understandable.. stay strong man i hope nothing happens to you
eh, nothing can happen to me. i am very badass. total sherlock shit. thanks tho.
how much do y'all think getting this as a tattoo would cost ...
depends on where you go and the artist. maybe 100.
don't get muted for complaining on the tl
it's too early for that negativity
as the article suggests, i think a lot of people adjust their spending upward accordingly whenever their income climbs
loans and what not to think of. f and i still go on vacations on the cheap. just because we make more doesn't...
2/2for an unregulated wall street.but ya guy's in white sheets yelling whitepower scares me more. save me hrc lol
yep, as a non white person, giving power to that does scare me more.
sure, but that's different from sucking? it's not a new social graph, it's trying genuinely smart things
i don't think adding a glorified search widget to chat is going to improve anyone's chats all that much
wow. yo. people like this exist
i just looked at her twitter and it's so pathetic. such a try hard, the epitome of arrogance.
it's always the preachy vegans who end up not sticking with it
i have a few specifics in mind
trump fan david duke greatest tweets compilation
hey what line does this vile account (followed by david duke) have to cross before it's shut down?
i have 2 of them
wow how do you manage to keep them well geared. i barely keep up with 2 rogues
is this going to become a daily thing if so i'm not complaining
if i can keep on thinking of them lol
what happened?
suspicious package on 42nd st...heard nothing since..just another day here..all is well..thx
when in doubt, sing your way out
if not, well better luck next time
president george h.w. bush is voting for hillary clinton ...
he doesn't even know what day it is. sort of like
as the article suggests, i think a lot of people adjust their spending upward accordingly whenever their income climbs
mean that i feel like blowing even more money on, say, a hotel bed.
as i read it i kept trying to picture what the scenes would look like on screen. the heart beat...very intimate touch.
i wrote screenplays for 8 yrs &amp; my whole life been monster film fan. seen thousands u.s., japan, france, eng., sweden, italy
how many touchdowns does he have (i could google but this is a setup for a teddy troll)
3, but he had an easy one dropped against the bears too.
nice mention of by russell miller
mixed feelings about the book, but admire what the author and booksellers went thru: heroes.
great pitch today by did you proud.
thanks andy, catch up next week
mom: did you find the cat me:
this gif is so specific i'm just so happy it was put to use
kelly ann conway has no problem talking policy. outclassed.
kellyanne talks no policy, she talks generalities and lies &amp; has to bc trump is an imbecile.
truth got exposed
she acting like i wasn't talking about her being one of the rare ones smh women
"structural racism" is collective blame.
a blood libel you might say? oy vey!
we are still investigating this and working on a resolution. once we have more info, we will be sure to update you!
why is paper delivery so difficult? it's been almost 2 weeks. maybe don't offer an option that your company can't fulfill.
the school year hasn't even started yet we got our first noise complaint
you better get straight a's and hop on that honors program habibti
she's gonna have fun!
she's going to oktoberfest i'm so jealous
show us the figures you can achieve with the sl6 ... don't be shy.
will send you a screen shot from the demogrounds :)
lol i think she's hot
from what i heard she's a total bitch in person, treats her staff like trash. i had a feeling you think she is hot
truthfully most cities don't care much about providing bike infrastructure until people start dying. like this year.
exactly. the revolution that altered the netherlands' path sadly came out of a string of deaths of children, among others.
failed voice input followed by text input would be hugely beneficial though
that you can do... tap any existing siri query while it's on screen (ios)
kelly ann conway has no problem talking policy. outclassed.
mook has a candidate who's smart and can speak for herself.
even prof joy ogwu and amina mohammed missing? so many women to pick from. looks like our nass!!
there are many bilat that is ongoing for nigeria. don't conclude base on info you see on one bilat.
trying to find out more about coil, as i find it a great example of social collaboration, are you the right person to speak to?
possibly!?! send me a note via email or linkedin and we can look to chat about it.
as i read it i kept trying to picture what the scenes would look like on screen. the heart beat...very intimate touch.
when i write, i see the scene in my mind as if it's on film. cinema infiltrates my books.
mystery: what was going on with hillary's eyes during philly speech?
its scary and that crazy head shaking routine. what is that all about?
like idols but for anything that counts as a "talent". so basically any old shit.
like the talent portion of a miss universe farce?
it's on days like today that my thoughts turn once again to the period john mayer wore a silver and turquoise native american necklace
guys, he turned his passion into a business!!!!!!!!
peanut butter
lol cannot go wrong with that
big congrats scott! rooting for you guys :) let me know if i can help spread the word - would happily have you on p...
thanks man! let's for sure do one soon!
i guess big men who can play appreciate self-less pgs who feed them the ball.
good point.
germany - police swoop on refugee praying for islamic state in fifth arrest in a week
germany needs to quickly shake off its 70 yr old nazi guilt, recapture its culture &amp; traditions, &amp; shut its borders to muslims
i don't disagree at all. but when the black community riots over the mike browns of the world i have no respect
the ppl of ferguson did react w/out all the facts in the mike brown case, but after a investigation into (1)
i'm learning, so probably my own fault ;) how do you test preemption?
if it's enabled then you can just modify the priority to make it failover
up early to do my makeup for the first day of class. this is gonna die down later in the year watch
or the next week
i was supposed to go this weekend too! then i got deployed
where you get deployed to??? i thought you were getting out already ?
also, you're doing the math off a small base. could easily be distorted (eg got lucky early, first deal was large etc)
this is not about the first deal but rather the first $4m in revenue. time gap at that point will have a big impact on cap needs
really cool tech coming out of ny! congrats
thanks man! appreciate your support
bookies owner issues apology for 'insensitive' facebook rant about tulsa shooting
.....he could have kept that apology.
i have no idea, therefore here's a picture of a baby bunny that fell over.
i am in my happy place now.....
i have one productiv hour evrey day and today i spent it on buyin a doughnut
i just wrote an essay and began it with this quote !!!
such a pretty photo!
thank you!
corey lewandowski suspended by cnn this am after the net learned he's still being paid a salary by the trump campaign-not just severance.
i'm hearing this is inaccurate and he will be on air later
dodged two ex's that ended up having multiple children before the age of 20
they fertile out here bro
we will win with better ideas for america, and a candidate that can actually enact those pol...
she will be too busy collecting money for favors to do anything for the american people.
. did the fallen, who are aliens, develop wolf idioms based on the wolves seen in the rise of iron?
that wizard came from the moon.
y'all gotta stop clutching these coach purses so hard like somebody really wants to steal it
omg. i just choked. u gotta go sit in a corner somewhere. lmao.
need coffee
story of my life
god gboard is awful for ios. would be so good if they'd make it for android though
i love gboard on ios!
we are a customer! congrats!
thanks chris!
not one woman in sight on the nigerian side despite amina mohammed being on the delegation. sigh
sign too. do you have any idea how many bilats are for nigeria with other ga duties? sigh!
18yr olds stormed normandy beaches in 1944. now they need because they're decorated like my little pony
in the 40's 18 yr olds were men and heroes. now they can't figure out which bathroom to use.
asian teen gets creamed in the face for her birthday. love for the birthday wishes and all who drive me to be the b...
i look so disappointed in you in that first pic
hot question: what's your take on angelina jolie filing for divorce?
they don't pay my rent
recent articles state the flouride levels in the water is why everyone is a nutcase, depressed, or anxious, maybe even obese. thanks gov.
no they don't lol
if this doesnt describe us at panera i dont know what does
they needed is more than we needed them
i'm honored to support the candidate who stands up for all americans. ...
excellent so glad you are doing this!!
hey trent dilfer, kate upton and all you others who so quickly slammed colin kaepernick. why so silent now?
your article had opportunity to prove a point for kaep but instead you chose to go in a different direction
you'll love it! what studio do you take class at? we can let you know if there is a flybarre studio at that location.
i shuffle between the uws and lincoln square. i go to the gym and i've added spinning so would this be too much or a goof add on?
nice sky in the mission this morning.
'scuse me while i kiss the sky
if i was at home i'd photo my trophy cabinet and tbf i didn't know loads when that was recorded!
please share ;) my main q is brilliance a trap? seems great but hard to keep out esp vs. con removal
my stance is that he used to convert them consistently around 58% and now is hovering around 40%. it's a decline. i...
but he was never a finisher
who would he replace?
i think okposo is better than oshie but people are busy sucking off his sochi performance if no eichel then t.johnson
mine has a lot more foliage on top
love that foliage
las vegas set nba over/under win totals. which is more likely to happen?
fewer dumb ass
wayy too much money was spent last night rip to my bank account
we get it, you're in a fraternity
you love an app that literally prevents you from opening your keyboard like one out of five times
they fixed that
nobody at whs has or had good weed tbh .niggas broke and and lagging on their come up or something ?fools need the pack
shut your fucking mouth with those lies
my friends and i made this game and would like to send you a comp copy cuz we think you're great!
do you have a po box or somewhere we could send you a copy? it's a fun game! like cards against humanity, but shakespeare!!
i don't remember the media freaking over don king's 50 year-old crimes when he backed obama in 2008 and 2012. but now that it's trump...
you dam right obviously king has lost his mind, and you need to mind your business
happy birthday!
thank you
of us are trying to move in the right direction under that song and flag
it depends on your perception despite the facts as ball players live in fear of losing their position/income r life
can't stand for the anthem, so neither can i.
it's not supposed to be this way for america's children.
2/2for an unregulated wall street.but ya guy's in white sheets yelling whitepower scares me more. save me hrc lol
and trump's/ryan's tax and economic policies are pretty scary too.
sounds great, i hope they had bigger audience than the ladies event
the mens tour is much more popular than the wta tour. i went in 2010 and it was packed when nadal played.
finally meeting f2f, thanks for organizing!
looking forward to it!
's pov on myths and truths on ai!
thanks for sharing, leena. xx
just witnessed a driver clip an elderly woman on yosemite by floristan as she tried to cross. is not a safe place to walk.
i helped the woman back to the door to her apt. i let her be after a "thank you, bye now." my spanish is bad i hope she's ok
nah fuck this nigga . n both of y'all look like bitches
seen all ya mothas at the club w/roy hibbert
"that awkward moment when trump says the debate is rigged because moderator lester holt is a democrat then finds out holt's a republican."
"i knew by simple logic the debates were fixed and would've proved it had they not pulled the cain out of action" (click-click)
i voted 4 president obama in 2008 + 2012! i have voted democrat for 20 yrs waiting 4 promises 2 the poor to be kept! enough!
but you'll now vote for a professional conman who never cared about anything else but himself first. unbelievable!
my team just had an employee appreciation breakfast hosted by our senior manager...
and it is very apparent that the members of our team just don't like each other. lol
i don't disagree at all. but when the black community riots over the mike browns of the world i have no respect
(2) their police department by the doj, years of mistreatment by the police and courts there to ppl of
ft saying mclaren would be valued somewhere between 1 and 1.5 billion pounds. that's less than $2b. pennies for apple.
also, just saying, foreign acquisitions are a great way for companies like apple to use their hoards of offshore cash.
i think so. anyway if u want to ruin ur eyes look at this...
the chorus is super cute but fetty wap ruins it all.
yo. if you've ever played my music on your radio show or podcast, thank you very very much. means the world to me.
i don't have a podcast but i've played it loudly enough to annoy others in traffic.
so you're saying don king found something to like in a sociopathic grifter with famously ridiculous hair who promotes himself for a living
only in america!
i need this nap.
when are you coming home
in the event that trump wins this election.... get right with jesus immediately!! get right with christ! run to hi...
finish your sinning before nov. 8th
this is right up your alley
going to need that immediately. think it could arrive before vegas golf weekend?
wow. yo. people like this exist
if you feed a vegan to a cow is the cow still grass fed
guess who's in my playwriting class
gf are you okay. do you need help?
archbishop desmond tutu supports a free west papua.
...and a also
stfu. you just mad because you followed your horoscope and got fucked over
lmfao girl. you think the day your born determines all of your traits and attributes. lmfao can't relate
you guys are literally going to die when you see my snaps today, &amp; turnt up &amp; gettin fancy
um - sounds like the beginning of a horror film ... i don't want to die!
. is pretty much at this point.
well, guess thats the way they see it. next she'll be playing basketball w obama.
did i die? my ten year old autobiography jumped to number 1 on amazon audio books:
comedians. so hot right now. also an excellent account of solid work ethic and persistence.
i bet you weren't in an uproar when he was backing obama
did he campaign for him? did he use the n word?
i imagine other woc have it worse.
"worse" is relative, i think. i bet the things you see are...just...ugh.
"modern-day slavery": in $66 million legal claim, teen accuses oakland cops of using her for sex
taking bart from s.f. to oakland is for the time being a relief. immediately upon exiting bart in s.f. my breath vacums out.
the way i look at it, these guys are hall of famers regardless
doesn't mean they played the game the right way
i realize this is a luxury but still: we could be *the people in this article*
which is the flip side of all this. how much of these people's income goes to paying school loans?
why do i get the sense that president kiefer sutherland won't even have much of a housing agenda
what about education secretary, which is soooo gendered (which i guess is the point in battlestar galactica)
thanks for the tweet!
you're welcome!
ahhhh look at these custom kitty macarons from the bf
"these look nothing like me. is this how you see me?"
sometimes feel like i'm the only person in the world who liked age of ultron.
if i wasn't married to someone who enjoyed the hobbit movies, i'd be the only person i know irl who loves those. so, i hear you.
fact that our regular spending hasn't climbed along with our incomes, so we get to save more
(and you guys don't have 2 wallet suckers aka children.)
yep. it's amazing how many people become "experts" in their own minds though after taking these courses.
the biggest irony is that if these people actually majored in the subject they'd find it's all complete bullshit.
i think so. anyway if u want to ruin ur eyes look at this...
ugh disappointed in mamamoo's snorefest of a single. they need to switch it up.
the mens tour is much more popular than the wta tour. i went in 2010 and it was packed when nadal played.
1st time he played milos!! i remember that match!!
techies seem to think i'm out of touch for being upset about no 1/4 jack, but i think it's a real problem for normal people.
you're anything but a normal person, tbh. doesn't invalidate the argument.
we have a complete lunatic activist praising "allah" as the only god in charlotte &amp; saying even though we have no facts we must fight anyway
wow! odumbass didn't waste any time jumping on charlotte.
my friends need to stop sending me nudes when i'm in public settings like in church or on the train
or standing right next to your mom .
of us are trying to move in the right direction under that song and flag
i have seen fans toss foreign objects at people who do not stand, some get death threats
investors bet $7 mil on nigerian tech entrepreneur jessica matthews' uncharted play inc. &gt;
...see no face-approaching person or cruisers in this photo.!!
i guess so? whatever regular modules would let you do.
tried this method out using react router v4, doesn't seem to want to work:
who the fuck am i fighting
if i knew i would definitely tell you
i don't disagree at all. but when the black community riots over the mike browns of the world i have no respect
(3) color it is no wonder they erupted. but moving fwd that was the tipping point to start the steps needed
thanks a lot esther. please share some of those cos already apc shortchanged women overall in their appointments!
well, this is unga. not political meetings. i will provide info based on what is allowed to be shared
another great episode for sad , stop being lonely: *on point*
thanks shannon! what resonated with you on this one?
it's also a travesty that there isn't a single citi bike station near a subway entrance at 86th &amp; lex.
that's criminal. such an important express stop too. ppl supposed to walk 18 mins from york?
i don't care what you want to call him. he's finishing less and less at the rim as the years go by and he's a c
i'm all for the debate but wait &amp; see on that part of his game. good offense = easy hoops for him
podcast out today?
later this week.
on sept 24 is having a trunk sale at macys newport island 10% of proceeds benefit
join us sept 24 for our trunk show newport island 10% of proceeds benefit
hillary's campaign manager bombs on live tv [video]
a babbling fool just like
the brexit studies cited by vox show immigrants to britain have triggered racism in native brits. the economy isn't a factor.
we seem to be interpreting the studies differently. immigration is a function of economics which is a trigger for tribalism
i thought i told you about it - getting old sucks! anyway - thanks! - couldn't have done this app without your hard work
you probably did. not all of us age as gracefully or as well as a fine chock!
this beat-down almost makes you feel sorry for this guy. almost.
not at all, he pocketed $200m &amp; blamed employees.
absolutely right my lovely girl...
......and at the beach too. how perfect. thank you angeliz.
mixed feelings about the book, but admire what the author and booksellers went thru: heroes.
i remember how hard it was just to find a copy back then. culties would deface all copies
all scott family members are racists? duly noted.
my mama says the da foozball is the debil
the point of food is to eat all of it
there are few things in life that make me more upset. eat the whole damn thing.
guys, he turned his passion into a business!!!!!!!!
the definition of insanity is selling a suede mini-purse branded with the initials "j.m." for $125
joking around about fantasy football with my friends at work. "fantasy" is right - it would be a fantasy for my team to be any good! ha
good luck with the team
a good reminder. continuous delivery (always shippable code) != continuous deployment (every 'green' build automati...
funny, i just talked about that yesterday ;-)
they shot the terrorist lmao, there was a shootout bud.
a black man fixing his car was shot and killed... why
just last night, beb told me how proud he is that i work at . so here is a pic of him eating funnel cake. hap...
that cutie deserves his funnel cake!
i helped the woman back to the door to her apt. i let her be after a "thank you, bye now." my spanish is bad i hope she's ok
crossing back, i could see that the sun was in the eyes of the car drivers. hey drivers, go slower or not at all w/the sun is in your eyes!
sick of you
delete this account
205 billion emails will be sent today. here's why you should stop proofreading them asap
i don't know about this. are we so busy we should downgrade our own standards?
joining at 6am on : 's steve rees .
thank you so much for this oppty!!
keith lamont scott. terence crutcher. too many others. this has got to end. -h
if the hateful trumpers have their way racist killings will all be justiable. that should scare the world.
say it loud and proud
big dicks onlyyy
of us are trying to move in the right direction under that song and flag
even as i write i am aware of people who disregard court orders in our schools
i have pencils if u want some of those too
im not taking any maths abut thank u!!
we have partnered with goldman global arts to turn into a vibrant, monumental street art experience
block me back bitch
i don't disagree at all. but when the black community riots over the mike browns of the world i have no respect
(4) but again nothing, except being swept under the rug so to speak, and each incident thereafter
hse dem caucus vice chairman crowley on terrorism incidents: it's amazing how quickly those responsible for the bombing were tracked down
...thanks to nys (undeclared) finest...the rag &amp; bone men and the homeless folks. shout out!
obama misses a huge opportunity to focus the un on a five year crisis - while pretending a cease fire is working.
cease fire? well then, who is bombing who? what kind of cease fire is this?
media jumps to conclusions before facts when black person is shot by cop but when muslim commits terror they stay hushed
disagree! media does not jump to conclusions w these events. only cnn msnbc abc cbs &amp; nbc jump to conclusions &amp; they are not media
any specific error?
no error, just no code split
do it! fascinating stuff.
do they have twitter in it tho?
they likely would replace parise with saad if he wasn't u23 or if they want a powerforward game someone like kreider
i'd say foligno but i hate him he's so overrated
because women can be trusted.
thank you, senator. two thumbs up.
if hillary said half the things donald did, she'd be crucified. we let him lie and brag, not because she's a woman but because he's a con.
exactly. and here's a partial list of lies.
happy . how will you be more today?
if the weather clears in chicago and we get into the air from lga.
do it! fascinating stuff.
or will someone sit by the side and read my tweets for me
that note, again. - adele
mariah's whiste at 4:02
the best way to spend one minute: watch our latest video and learn how to fill out a pdf form on mac
what happened to spark for mac? it seems quite delayed.
all of michael's children. i love this series.
thank you
lmfaooo tew early
wayyyyyy too early lmfaooo
hussein, could you shoot me back an email when you have the chance?
sorry. will do. computer crashed on weekend. just getting it back.
i don't disagree at all. but when the black community riots over the mike browns of the world i have no respect
(5) is more heated than the last, something has to change.
bill kristol bush41andhrc responsible for the death of more "non white person"s than dduck&amp;co yet you support why?
under your scenario, i shouldn't support anyone. but we have a government and a process. i'm not an anarchist.
we seem to be interpreting the studies differently. immigration is a function of economics which is a trigger for tribalism
in this sense, brexit is no different than what we see in nations world over who need immigration to buffer their economies
ask me how many exams i have in the next two days.
i've got as many tests as the bills have super bowl victories. which makes me really happy and really sad at the same time.
remember that time i rode every ride at the fair alone instead of going to school
i remember this vividly
hello felipe which tool did you use for visualization (map+query)?
did, just a google spreadsheet
no you go with nick
omg will you please come?? it's oct 7th
congratulations to clancy blair , one of the awardees of the echo study
delighted to be partnering with you on one of two pediatric cohort centers!
from a window at from my favorite window to the world - on way to this am
so many great memories of the revolving restaurant there!
investors bet $7 mil on nigerian tech entrepreneur jessica matthews' uncharted play inc. &gt;
...see no fast-approaching personnel nor cruisers in this photo. yay!
i saw screenshots from that. the turntables weren't even plugged in. now that's talent.
i assume the judges were celebrities?
the shooting of people have to have a solution on both sides thoughts and prayers with everybody
shooting on both sides that's why human beings sad what this turn into the thugs breaking into stores and stealing
trump is doubling down on his false claim that started birther controversy
nice try but there is plenty of proof out there. who cares anyway. birther vs emails &amp; bengazi she loses. done
anyone who has ever wanked about qal or his solo career should listen to the hong kong interview. then stfu!
carry on adam,you're doing it your way &amp; it's brilliant !!
. because no human should have to confront this kind of crap when dealing with their own loss.
horrible. thanks for sharing.
new travel tracking app from , competes with ...
looks great for leisure trips, biz trips...let's see :)
bolts numbers are not correct... top speed 27.4 mph
he always seems to start slow then turns on jets. lin beats him off blocks &amp; 10 yds
alicia and swiss beats, lil mama was even pregnant at the time...should we talk about that one too?
i mean we could and i'm not excusing them....?
i can just see yormark excitedly trying to draw up a "lop3z" shirt of some kind
i'd be interested in buying that. they need to make a shirt with chewie rocking a blo jersey first
yes. i thought it was very low-key for a us/canada game that espn was clearly trying desperately to hype
maybe because we were on the usa home ice?
bill kristol bush41andhrc responsible for the death of more "non white person"s than dduck&amp;co yet you support why?
and in my view, hrc is better than trump. no question. people in power make decisions that have consequences.
"don't worry, we're terrible."
"we don't want to alienate corey's teen fan base."
has anyone written anything about late 90s/early 00s pre club mix "culture"? is there anything to write? was it p much just mainstream?
one time i listened to sandstorm, same thing?
anyone in park slope see a group of "complete brats" (aka teen boys) with this sculpture saturday night?...
what about those two teenagers who said they found it in the woods?
the majority? spare me the hysterics, that's a complete bullshit claim. the vast, vast majority are 100% just.
well that's your opinion which u r entitled too
5g should be in consumer handsets by 2020
another attempt to deflect criticism about the crappy state of its network today...
anyone applauding for her diplomatic cred should stop and think. her arms deals fuel isis support.
it is likely the loathsome salafist saudis are allied with isis in yemen against the shia.
trump, forgetting slavery and jim crow, claims black americans have never been worse off via
not surprising given his long list of lies.
that moment when is being angelic and not peeing on the floor
look at that regal snout!
cantaloupe is better than honeydew
oh god you're turning into larry king.
i never get tired of seeing people do serious work face only to then realize they are either on facebook or online shopping
some of us suffer from resting serious work face.
the madhatter teaparty: rescuing your characters from endless cups of tea
great article, kameron! i would love to have tea with you and discuss whatever plot we're tangled in.
among all the people i know, i legit know one couple that entertains frequently. my sister always has people over, so her house is perfect.
everyone else i know has people over maybe 1-2x a year. we can all mingle in the living room, y'all don't need designated .
what about them gyrating in those cheap swimsuits...
the black one gave me life but i mean do you see the square shaped one? i've never seen a body like hers no shade.
and of course, two minutes later when i click the link, my size is out of stock. this just turned into a dud, and kinda down now
we will fix. send your size to support.com and we will make it happen. sorry for hiccup.
christ. just re-watched the bojack "you were born broken" scene. brutal:
i think it speaks to a lot of us. it would be a harsh thing to hear but it makes a lot of sense.
bill kristol bush41andhrc responsible for the death of more "non white person"s than dduck&amp;co yet you support why?
i believe the consequences from trump's decisions will be vastly worse that consequences from hrc.
is making me proud to be atlanta-born. her talk at makes me a fan of hers and her work with
thanks for much for the atl love!
simply put, aa are very similar to jewish experience except they'll never, ever be accepted into the "melting pot" due to looks.
never, ever is long time. i'd leave it at "any time soon."
amazing that the social darwinists can talk about things like simple purchases of goods and services in such brutal, machismo-tinged terms.
"if we don't force people to work to find the toothpaste with the lowest price, we're weakening the species. how will be fight the aliens?"
i'm thinking hard alcohol and a punching bag
heh, seriously.
i just asked a question. mute away.
you overflowing the tl with negativity. it's too early
i'd really like to revisit your absolute horseshit claim that the majority of these shootings are unjust.
we agree to disagree,
in his final u.n. address, president obama pleads with world leaders to keep global borders, markets, and minds open
keep them innovative by the way.
good morning citi friends. it'll be my pleasure to assist you this morning. we'll be here till 9pm ct. ^mg
please help. urgent matter . i've seen other banks flock to help out their customers -- sad!
as an officer i am so sick and drained of some cops doing things like this. you are making us all look bad. stop.
there's hope. thanx for being sincere &amp; making us feel that we're not alone. not all cops are bad some give good cops a bad name
. is there a scheduled posts calendar view in the future?
thanks for asking, hania. this isn't in the plans at the moment, but we appreciate your suggestion!
the autumnal equinox is tomorrow, this 80 degree weather needs to pack its bags and leave
it's so nice out what are you talking about
5/9. missed richt, chryst, kingsbury, odom. still forgetting that richt is at miami
yeah. the odom one is really tough too.
haha. im not the 4th on the alumni list from my high school cuz of him lol
can u let them know dearza catches that ball in centerfield last night
quite sick :( dealing with allergies
i hope you get well soon
the autumnal equinox is tomorrow, this 80 degree weather needs to pack its bags and leave
the breeze is fantastic
i hope i dream about making out with this boy that i like. phew
just following up on this, how did it go
hmm now to find a salient episode for non-pts ...any recommendations ?
the episodes on sex w/ : episode 224 &amp; 206. episode 209 w/
my grandma just said she got kissed by a llama
much cuter than a camel for sure! :)
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
hey donald just tell the country " if your happy with things vote for her if you're not vote for you"
is 11 tracks for an album good enough?
yeah man that's plenty
have you added the babel-plugin?
yes, i previously had code splitting working with rr 2:
happy birthday!! u bring lots of joy to my life and i'm definitely glad you were born. i hope your day is amazing. be safe
aw ily moet thank you
omg i like this let's all be best friends okay thank you
heyyyy i love her my cute coworker
is this a thing? we're fine with this being a thing.
dubs wednesday. now it is!
comfort women of the japanese military
the right type of sexuality is kryptonite.
bill kristol bush41andhrc responsible for the death of more "non white person"s than dduck&amp;co yet you support why?
also believe hrc's policies will be better for the country.
also, if you aren't following and , do yourself a favor and bless your life with truths.
so much love to you.
this is how ur wedding is going down
i literally was just about to tag kelly in this and then scrolled up and saw you just did
it has been 56 days since trump held an open press conference. why the hiding? is he afraid to speak to birtherism &amp; his foundation scandal?
no stamina for job? need private jets for short rallies. no press conferences? maybe a health issue? ya' know, people are saying ...
so you really believe trump isn't a globalist?
do you know what a globalist is? doesn't sound like it.
yeah, hbr! have to keep my headphones up when i'm banging that, because the people in my office aren't ready.
wooord to hbr. economist drops hot bangers too.
i could go for a bowl of lucky charms rn
i literally was eating lucky charms last night
"modern-day slavery": in $66 million legal claim, teen accuses oakland cops of using her for sex
marin county officer admitting me to a psych. hospital aware of my transition w/ sandbox military &amp; brushed my private area.
have you seen this ad?
yep, i tweeted it several times yesterday. thanks.
false. still getting blapped with my stuffy nose
then u not putting in no work lol
good wed. morning all playing catch up have a great day!
great day beth &amp; all
new graduate program. get an m.b.e. masters in business ethics with uncle warren and charlie.
when it rains it pours.
mariah's whiste at 4:02
"introducing, ladies and gentleman, mary jane holland!" (don't @ me) 3:11
uh-huh. dashcam video, please. with audio enabled.
unless he wanted to commit suicide by cop or didn't realize they were cops i can't see that happening
thats too much sauce
what you $$$ for a feature my nigga
no, not a lie. there's real kentucky bourbon in there.
why is it in an apple juice bottle?
twitter eggs and randos on the internet are mainstream discourse?
ahh yes, these ppl aren't real. just a couple kids messing around..keep playing defense for trump's worst zaid
twitter eggs and randos on the internet are mainstream discourse?
ahh yes, these ppl aren't real. just a couple kids messing around..keep playing defense for trump's worst zaid
winner of stage 3!
as always you are the man.
he is a super star athlete, he could have chosen any other platform.
any other platform would have fallen on deaf ears. how many athletes are great humanitarians and never go recognized
family trip to the big e today!!
a family trip is the best!
hmm now to find a salient episode for non-pts ...any recommendations ?
episode 221 w/ on , episode 230 w/ on how to stand out in the crowd
so you're doing grammarian role play now?
punctuation role play. he was a total ampersand.
. think basic athletic measurement (bam) transpose the avg and top mph for bolt graph
speaking of measurements i'm told by someone who knows lin is really 6'4, not 6'3
first place, none of it would have happened. respect police officers, and they'll respect you. threaten them, you'll get hurt
i respect them 100% but there was no need to kill him... they could have shot him in the leg or somewhere else
train tickets around the uk are not cheap! same w/ germany. can easily fly around europe for a similar price.
people have really different preconceived notions of who is or should be traveling to games for euros v olympics.
i'm trying to help you &lt;\\\\\&gt; *tentacles flopping everywhere* ahhhh qaq
q////////q why are u touching me like this q//////a//////q
other adam still watches it so i have seen things and know what's going on. (nothing interesting has happened.)
this season has gotten quite good, but you're entitled to your opinion! (i'm more generous than you are.)
which has absolutely nothing to do with the complete and utter fabrication of hands up, don't shoot.
u don't live in these inner cities to know anything first-hand of what goes on, except what the media is(1)
police are investigating a fourth alleged sexual assault that took place on campus on sept. 10.
...telling you those folks hav a randy reputation...
$ttd just opened at $30 - representing the largest pop for a us listed this ytd.
eff ! official open is $28.75 = +59.7% pop vs twlo's +59.9% open
it's the same song on repeat fuck
i guess it's the live version
either way it would be a new tidbit of info. i only would be happier if they would correct the statement!
doubtful as that would show spec, but easy to ass
there are more than just minority communities and not all communities feel same way. problem is real of course
that is why i said "many" and not "every"
thanks for coming to tonight. great talking bbq. good luck w/ the weber smokey mountain.
that shirt is
it's funny when you support people when they ask you to like their fb page but they can't do it for you.
the worst -_-
been testing apple watch series 2. overall, i like it. what questions would you want answered in our review? let me...
is the apple watch 2 worth the upgrade from the 1st apple watch?
which easy-to-use software would you recommend? thank you!
for digitizing cassettes? it's all about the hardware. for software you can use anything from audacity to ableton live
5 days till the harvest gala on 9/23. pumped to have join us! 30% off tix w/ code "hf tweet" here:...
3 days till the harvest gala 9/23. pumped to be emcee. 30% off tix w/ code "hf tweet" here:
number of unarmed blacks killed by police is something like .002% of black murders.
(2) feeding you,
humpday is going to be a long one
nice tweet. everyone cares
been getting lots of angry tweets lately from pizza eaters. i have the same name as the ceo of dominos.
was just about to angrily tweet you abt pizza
that's your big 10 coming out michelle!
practicing for this weekend...lol
sign presentation by :
wow, nice find sergio! :)
i'm including myself here. thanks
i love this!!
yes, but t "orange juice incident" was a deadly threat scenario. cops are suppose to be trained
"orange?" how did trump get into the conversation?
if you are in nyc i will gladly sit down and talk with you.
no reply to setting up with a meeting with me in person or a call?
did you even read the screenshot in that tweet you just retweeted?
you're a monster regardless of whether that tweet showed the depth of your monstrosity.
i got nothing to do til 10:40
find yourself that east bay emo hunny until then.
no, he isn't. clinton still in lead. trump didn't even know what the nuclear triad is, for christ's sa...
trump knows what "c" is on classified docs;don't tweet with people who take lords name in vain;blessings and prayers for you!!
the potus by himself can't do anything about tax code. problem solved djt=dysfunction hrc=war and wallstreet crime
trump will have house &amp; most likely senate. and wallstreet crime will be cleaned up by trump and war avoided? agree 2 disagree.
hi is there any angular 2 final course ?
i'm working on an update to my course for final now. lots has changed so its taking me a while. :-)
thats been refuted by many scientists.
this article says there r other hypotheses. so? no one says god
russia also upgraded its su-33s, equipping the carrier-based jet with svp-24 air-to-ground targeting system.
interesting. their air superiority fighters, soon to be replaced. why upgrade this? i guess they wanna test it in syria
but i'm really bummed that was not on
next year, we'll make host a recording at tiff
3 days till the harvest gala 9/23. pumped to be emcee. 30% off tix w/ code "hf tweet" here:
two days till the harvest gala 9/23. pumped to be emcee. 30% off tix w/ code "hf tweet" here:
can it be "omg yes apple is making million-dollar super cars"?
in your dreams. though jony is a fan of nice bentleys...
thank you andrew!
of course, future ! ;)
: nms is a terrible game, but a really fun toy.
that sounds about right. i've been treating it as a bit meditative.
one day is a bad day. next day is a perfect day. hmm
arabic saying: "yom asal, yom basal." one day honey, one day onion....
rep. nadler (d-ny) calls the hearing a "sham." mr. nadler, accountability and restoring public trust are never a sham.
dem. nadler does not care about public trust, integrity.he just wants 2 keep a dem in power to continue feeding at public trough
you may want to get addicted:
bye bye
ive spent almost $40 on food in the past 20 hours i hate myself
new york city living
your mcm doesn't know popeyes gives you more food when you ask for it to go
there's gonna be one in west paterson i heard.
they think we're exaggerating and that being killed for being black isn't a thing
exactly. &amp; that's a problem in itself.
there is only 1 presidential candidate who smile while the man introducing him says "nigger" in a church.
there is only 1 presidential candidate who smiles while the man introducing him says the n-word in a house of worship.
i looked so cool last halloween.do u see buddy? no? he was next to me, but he got eclipsed by my charisma! .
lol!! aww, great costume, lil' buddy!! i am sure you will have a great one this year.daddy is mr. fashion
what? *is actually using tentacles to get ketchup from fridge* mein &gt;\\v\\&lt;
how long has that fridge been there? and why was it conveniently behind me?
hell yeah, shit been here 2 years.
congratulations are in order!
i meant us! what about california people!
oh i really love cali people!
someone wants to rig &amp;make us feel guilty for wanting laws. &amp;call it racist. it's racist to thin...
there's proof hillary stole the primary. why wouldn't she try to steal the election from trump?...
went to a 7am yoga class and am feeling elated.
keep it up!!
and are 2/2. what i love is how any one with even the least bit of sense can take so much from their talks.
have a beautiful day. salute.
for the love people. if you have a complicated container architecture, don't not use something like k8s because you think it's too hard.
because invariably what happens is, you slowly cobble together crappy, undocumented scripts to do the same stuff.
this means war
bring it onnnnn
hmm now to find a salient episode for non-pts ...any recommendations ?
there are lots of episodes on w/
join in posting image every hour i care what he's hiding! hold accountable
why so you can make a mountain out of a molehill? do us all a favor hold your breath waiting for them.
as an officer i am so sick and drained of some cops doing things like this. you are making us all look bad. stop.
you are the epitome of a great cop, and there are many others like you. all the best to you and your family.
my enthusiasm for boys for pele is well documented, so this news makes me quite happy.
heard caught a lite sneeze for the first time in ages recently. it sounds great!
but im a weekend guy now. you know our industry are weekday guys lol
which refinery
i put my shirt on one leg at a time. just like everyone else.
rofl!! that sounds like a monday morning for sure!!
but is it unethical to buy stock in car companies when you write about cars in any capacity?
no, but lack of transparency is.
i was only 20 when i ate 2 boxes of cereal after taking an ambien, getting hungry and falling asleep in the kitchen
this was last night
respect to anyone who can face a phillies blunt. that shit is rough
they'll get you cooked though
kissing ass? you know he's an amazing worker and you can't kiss ass to get titles?
that's what does
home made energy balls, double espresso and i'm flying
would you share a recipe? they sound amazingly delicious!
congrats you made an observation!!
guy thinks stitches is actually a good rapper, don't waste your time trying to reason with him
just found and sent your essay on to my kindle. thanks for sharing. thrilled to discover your work
awesome! thanks, julia!!
on point. would i like to go on a hike? a hike? do you know what we call a hike in new york? we call it walking.
waiiit this is fucking hilarious (but you better move back here)
friday is supposed to be ~88 degrees~
just because it's hot doesn't mean it's tropical
so i guess this means the next need for speed i play will feature an apple f1?
"we're announcing our new automotive chip today, it's called the f1"
hmm now to find a salient episode for non-pts ...any recommendations ?
and leadership episodes w/ and
is there any great ethnic food in the sunnyvale area? i'm thinking recent tech immigrant street food maybe.
dish n dash @ 736 n mathilda (mediterranean). ruby's taqueria and the panadera at borregas/ahwanee are also good spots.
one of these days we gonna have to have a soulja boy appreciation day
we'll do that when he stops acting like a reality star fuck nigga and starts acting like the legend he is
listeners: call in with your questions or comments regarding trump's personal use of charitable foundation funds 212-433-9692.
it's a bit meta, but in a future segment i'd love to hear breakdown of how clinton &amp; trump respond to controversies like these.
when the book is a bible or birth of a nation. quran qualifies too.
by that equivalence, there are millions of other books to be burned.
question: who's "they?"
bitch who know who "they" are don't play dumb
...is this maturity...?
update: i held my breath during discussion about recent police brutality &amp; let my south african sista take the floor
big props to david goldstein, farm manager, at the institute of culinary education.
david is fantastic! we're so happy to have him with us to cultivate our farm and educate our staff and students.
i remember how hard it was just to find a copy back then. culties would deface all copies
author was freezoner, attributing magic powers to hubbard &amp;scientology; still brainwashed.
for the love people. if you have a complicated container architecture, don't not use something like k8s because you think it's too hard.
the worst part about this scenario is that you and the other 2 guys that worked on it "know it" and are fine. new person is _screwed_.
i bumped into mr h too (behind the scenes) and was in a scene with cat
who is mr h?
no, it's not my opinion, it's based on statistical facts.
no those r not the stats, if that were so this would not b a boiling pot issue.
yup, but we ain't get any pressure on cam
none at all, it's gotta be tough preparing for that team you gotta sacrifice one to get the other and cam can still make you
it's something i had thought about doing going forward if this doesn't get worked out
would be cool if we could get one tailgate in each lot and promote if it doesn't get worked out...does it even have a chance to?
nah you got the juice bro
this place has to inspire us with all of it's inequality and fuckery
"modern-day slavery": in $66 million legal claim, teen accuses oakland cops of using her for sex
a trial as a innocent man, years of abuse in mental health &amp; uncovering forced impregnation, the source began to surface.
i'm ok, i couldn't log in to twitter but it's all good now!
oh my that's happen to me few months ago that's a pain!!
v8.0 starts downloading tonight. release will be gradual to make sure there aren't small regressions. many car configs, many environments.
just picked up my s90d only dissapointment is lack of deepr iphone integration. lots of owners want carplay or siri hands free
that was a movie....!
hell yes. i've seen it many many times.
has anyone looked at the best day/time to submit oss prs? i.e are prs submitted on monday morning accepted more/less than sat eve?
ooh, i'm not aware of anything but that's an interesting q! cc
... you're joking, right?
.....yes......
depression is killer. i'm glad i have wonderful friends and family who are patient with me while i'm like this.
you are your worst enemy. believe me, i know. keep upright head up, lil bro!
storage containers. tell me what you know about managing parks...
well, obviously, first you need a lot of room for cars, nyers love their cars
kissing ass? you know he's an amazing worker and you can't kiss ass to get titles?
you telling me cena by coincidence was chosen to beat
whenever i go on social media and see how everyone from my high school getting engaged and married; for some reason i get such bad anxiety
i start to overthink and i feel like i'm not where i should be and constantly compare myself to where they are in their life i knows its bad
haha, yeah. we're hoping our college fund for our nonexistent kids ends up being our boat fund
niiiice. invite me on your boat.
if you can be killed for being 12 &amp; playing w/a toy gun in a playground or for reading a book or not putting out a cigarette, we aren't safe
i am sad and disgusted. i cannot imagine. listening to recordings such as "he looks like a bad dude" made me sick.
waking up to an email saying that class is canceled is always a sign it's going to be a good day
my class was canceled too
hillary will make college tuition free 4 families making less than $125, working hard 4 middle class
how is she going to pay for it?
hmm now to find a salient episode for non-pts ...any recommendations ?
i guess there are a lot of options that are not specific to physical therapy! thanks for making me review! that was fun!
exactly :-/ remember how i was telling you i could go all day about some damn atl music? lol
lol i already know you know ya shxt bro, gotta give you ya respect on that
girl you look good wont ya back ass up
you a fine motherfucka won't you back that ass up
what's a good appeal argument for getting your kids in to the good school in the area other than "that's the school i god damn want them at"
go into the meeting like this
. thankfully republished it for a new generation to read
it's something of a rambling confused mess but so brave of him to expose
i just accidentally liked token republican fb friend's racist status nooooo
hope you just did the speedy," unlike"
congrats to gateway team ( )!
cart before the horse. article has to be published
it's a bit meta, but in a future segment i'd love to hear breakdown of how clinton &amp; trump respond to controversies like these.
it seems like people view clinton as liar partially because on record so much about some of this stuff, to try addressing it.
on days like this that i am grateful for the strong voices demanding accountability that i heard today:
thank you for caring enough
i was jus bumping that song with him yay and 50
facts he was with the squad for a bit lol
what ur saying is you are a right-wing pro war tax the poor tax breaks for the rich f'em their brown kind of voter
i did not realize trump's policies would bring peace and prosperity to all. maybe i should rethink all of this.
just know there's high levels of weird in this video
he trying to be michael jackson? smh lmao
haha, no :)
nope don't think that's a good idea :)
*cracks her knuckles, sending a shock wave that cracks all the knuckles within a two mile radius*
"moon cosmic power make up!" *turns into an anime nerd* fuck
dubs wednesday. now it is!
awesome job today lady
it may sound blasphemous but i recommend taking a sabbatical from listening to . when you come back? it's whimsical. christmas morning
i'm doing that at the moment.
cuteness of the day!
thanks pal
except , who, as helped us discover, has a room without a tv for "entertaining".
sarah is the hostess with the mostest.
performing at aids walk new york with ...
i was there too
thanks for broadcasting this. is there anything you can do to up audio?
try our periscope
do you have to go to law school to become a lawyer or prosecutor? could i read books &amp; just take the bar exam?
unfortunately no a long time ago that was possible
it seems like people view clinton as liar partially because on record so much about some of this stuff, to try addressing it.
whereas the trump campaign has been simply refusing to answer qs at all, &amp; outright attacking reporters like david fahrenthold.
i start to overthink and i feel like i'm not where i should be and constantly compare myself to where they are in their life i knows its bad
but literally everyone i know is having babies and getting full time jobs and getting married and i'm here sleeping till eleven all the time
on a side note. keep killing it, imma come see y'all play this friday
thanks man appreciate it!! we actually play away and on saturday this week which sucks... but we'd love to have you at any game
sharpe. use the ranks though, the answers are in there.
thank you sir
let me know if i can be of assistance, if you have any events and you need a speaker lets chat i love raising awareness:)
hi meet you two must connect! we'd love your support in raising awareness for ck it out!
i also can't hear in english,am listening in french...if you speak another language, those streams work!
thanks! try our periscope too
do you think we can rent a theater? get netflix involved? i don't have any space on my calendar to spend with criminals.
you have plenty of time to tweet, so it seems like you have a lot of free time. tough guy on twitter but not in real life.
practice what
my team(psu)plays michigan,2 big 10 teams.gearing up..lol
if we want to survive we have to fight for our lives. if we want to do more than survive and settle space only our own high trust remains.
the non-american - yes that means white european- non american, low trust alien cultures should run for their lives. now not later
in december in spain , desiring see
hi everyone
except , who, as helped us discover, has a room without a tv for "entertaining".
but seriously, she could entertain me in shower stall for all i care. i just want your food, sarah!
this image says it all.
hey asshole a tax return doesn't show wealth. where do you people come from?
nah fuck em, we don't need them
i haven't talked to either of you cunts
trying to get through this without molly ivins or nora ephron is pushing me to the brink.
in my case, murray kempton, art buchwald and russell baker.
don king drops the n-word as trump's attempt at african-american photo op backfires via
you sound real credible with that headline.
"our nation is better and smarter than to fall into the trap of breeding hate and division." -linda hartke of
you mean like the hatred that results in the murder of unarmed black people on the streets right here in u.s. by police?
was struggling big time yesterday cos i was blaming the person who has brought us pain-but it is not flesh n blood we fight
amen! finally, my brethren, be strong in the lord and in the power of his might. ephesians 6:10 keep the whole armor on. amen
i know! i hate that we forgot!!!
but it was awesome to see you. i can live with that.
but i have to remember i'm dealing with people who think sandra bland was murdered.
don't recall discussing sandra bland with u, and from that remark alone u r , don't assume shit(1)
whereas the trump campaign has been simply refusing to answer qs at all, &amp; outright attacking reporters like david fahrenthold.
perhaps that goes to your point this morning about how clinton's controversies seem to stick, whereas trump's strangely don't.
the wording of this tweet reminds me of nazi germany. the whole tone. don't step out of line, uniforms are great.
yea and looting and burning and throwing rocks at cars with children in them is just great
hi strazzere, are you planing to share your poc of cve-2016-3862?
i will be releasing some none rce pocs at
this turned out be one of the most unforgettable traffic stops in my 10 years of producing the segment.
wow. that's just terrible!
i'm sorry :-) next time an infographic?
at a minimum please and some sort of directors cut audio too please....
if the u.s had bagged milk then that'd be p dope
they're called udders
if any of you were worried about anything at 3 in the morning, you could have saved yourself the trouble, as i did it for all of us.
thank you, but i did it anyway.
big news! we have added another special guest to our grand opening breakfast kick-off event at ... guess wh...
cole trickle?
what do you think he would have answered?
i think you would have thought it was dirty.
1 more thing. if you run out of milk for cafe, my chem. engineer wife taught me that a lil coconut oil has similar fatty acids. s'good. bye.
i've learned a tbsp of butter is another good substitute
was it at least a good dream
it was the best dream
"modern-day slavery": in $66 million legal claim, teen accuses oakland cops of using her for sex
i feel dennis herrera may be involved however what's clear is i can't enter san francisco even being a s.f. civic leader.
the police use of force project, launching today, is the kind of research we need to bring down police violence
spread this far and wide
i definitely think democrats &amp; republicans are both parties founded in white supremacy. did that change?
no, it didn't. i guess what i thought you were expressing and what you were expressing were actually 2 different things.
why can't i find gucci bandana in my itunes
cause soulja boy was on it i prolly deleted it
yep, i def want a 1-year-subscriprion &lt;3
did you make that fresca image? it's cool. :)
gm gday bro and all
morning bro wazz up hi all
hillary's outspending fails to sink trump: she's "disliked &amp; distrusted...the past and relatively dull" via
its partly that but, given her millennial problem, it's also the medium. proof? johnson doing better &amp; he's mostly on social
da hell wrong with don king, bruh?
you mean don coon? what an embarrassment!! what an idiot! i cannot believe this!
or maybe those who've been screaming about fascism, mass extermination, and such don't believe their own rhetoric:
lol. or maybe if it's been conjured by them at last they're losing their nerve. that they desired this beyond any contradiction.
i can't believe it's 2016 and siri still can't read me messages with mixed hebrew and english.
lol, target audience for gay kind of this is about 200k people :) why would they develop this?
u like stalking my twitter bruh?
trust me we didn't have to go too far back to see stitches and melt our brains further
and they do so of their own vole-ition.
well played, enrique.
no, it didn't. i guess what i thought you were expressing and what you were expressing were actually 2 different things.
(go figure, 140 character limit, lol.)
hillary's strategy is accuse of everything she herself is guilty of.if you're still you...
a thief always accuses everyone else of stealing.
it'll be okay
thank you my excellent son
if your "different opinion" is antisemitism then that makes you a bigot. it's very simple.
i didn't even have to scroll to find a misogynist retweet on that dude's timeline.
of us are trying to move in the right direction under that song and flag
we are living back to the pre-1960s in so many ways and it's by intent and design under cover of law and custom
this guy was just hardcore picking his nose at a stoplight, saw me looking at him and mouthed the words call me... i need that confidence
that's something i would do
i want to like it because i love him! but i'm still teeter tottering on this one.
lol, i was thoroughly impressed with this one.
but i have to remember i'm dealing with people who think sandra bland was murdered.
(2) about me, u don't know me, just from your tweets i could jump to a bunch of about u, but
yoga in spanish 4 pregnant &amp; new moms! ...
my pre-natal yoga studio (that i love) is offering free yoga in spanish for moms! ...
bless your heart. i wanna try it but iono if i'm ready
honestly just stop cold turkey trust means the slowly ween it back maybe like once i week but im fine without it
nothing gets me saltier than a fidi salad for $12. like i'm tryna be healthy but also i'm tryna have a budget
when fresh rang me up i starting screaming no
(go figure, 140 character limit, lol.)
i have an extremely knee jerk reaction, given that it's election season, to people saying there's no difference b/w the 2.
this ? it looks good.
this came with $20 activation fee so i went for a 5gb month long package without activation fee!
ahahahhaa. coming from the unemployed tough guy with an ankle bracelet living in his mom's basement
i forgive you for being a jerk. i know some people need to bully to feel better about themselves. bully all you want.
is the really mean court officer there? he removed a woman when she gave a little sass for mangling her name.
whoa! na no one like that!
6 inch isn't a good song.
tell another joke
together, with hundreds of activists, is educating about .
what is the current action that amnesty intl is taking against the violation of human rights of unarmed blacks by police in u.s.?
according to us state department, india have been the top recipient of us economic aid for the last 68 years.
pakistani politicians still sing this song "pak - us " friendship
and congrats!
and thanks!!
when fresh rang me up i starting screaming no
idek if that's the right name of the place i blacked out
have u listened? let me know when you do please.
at age 7, was up at 5 am doing roadwork!
perhaps equally important; are they willing to put their own lives at risk and stop taking israeli medicines!?
good idea, i'll do the same.
or maybe those who've been screaming about fascism, mass extermination, and such don't believe their own rhetoric:
the left are kids who were playing with the oujia board chanting "nazi, demon of the past come forth." it has. we'll see play out.
good lord, has more boob shots than a 1990's issue of playboy
because it's the best movie ever made
mutiny on the bounty is probably 7th though i'd like one with a female lead.
then i'd suggest mad max fury road. imperator furiosa was a total badass.
how can the killers of be part of the ? out. in.
...let's exchange protests you come protest to in usa and i'll protest and
i'm deadass. nigga who put u onto shit when i came back, before y'all graduated???? lie now
mel i been bumpin 2 chainz since 10th grade i been on the atlanta music early lol
happy birthday lil bro hope u have a raw day much love!!
thanks bro bro
this dick bag likes to try to drive in the bike lane and run cyclist off the road.
but with a bumper buddy, it must soften the impact...
but i have to remember i'm dealing with people who think sandra bland was murdered.
(4) choose not to.
we'll make it your first case at the aclu! congrats and welcome!
haha, there was a women's room in the hallway, but i thought it was notable nonetheless :)
here is a partial transcript of what don king just said with donald trump behind him.
deplorable!
happy birthday lil bro hope u have a raw day much love!!
thanks bro bro love you too
it saddens me the bushes have taken this path. it's now what we will remember of them--that they betrayed us in thi...
on top of their love for the establishment, i'm sure they're also bitter that trump wrecked their baby boy so badly!
preciate that fam, shit got me feeling some typa way this morning
it's sad as hell man, i remember he was sick so i thought that's what caused it but to hear what really happened smmfh
super controversial that the bush family patriarch is voting democrat.
its not. it just proves that dems and reps are all friends as long as the money is coming in.
yes is leading the way! but more importantly, what's for lunch?
i will check and report back!
surprises in october?
, agreed there will likely be more false flags building on russia paranoia.
no i mean, do your babel plugins include 'react-modules/babel'?
im using an ejected create-react-app for this particular project, not sure if that has any effect on it.
lol i learned this v early but that's cause i'm always fighting congestion when it gets a little cold. &amp; head doesn't cure it
getting or giving ? cause if u getting ya throat violated u gon lose all ya congestion lmao
this (null) thing apple
i got the same error installing the gm build. glad they took my report seriously
that tracking exercise was epic! very entertaining. :)
ha ha ha! it was! just click apply!!
this is youtube 2016 friends. the place for positive vibesz and sjw's
corporate curated content is always going to trend this way. this is why net neutrality is a huge deal.
218 million americans have dangerous levels of chromium-6 in their tap water, group says
you know this article is complete bs when you read the words "it was featured in a movie starring julia roberts".a movie is the source!
jank lf margot cf myers 1b renfroe rf schimpf 3b hedges c asuaje 2b sardinas ss pitcher
i like this too.
ahahahhaa. coming from the unemployed tough guy with an ankle bracelet living in his mom's basement
i'm willing to have a conversation with you in person to see why you feel the need to tweet so much about me... tough guy.
luke cage featurette establishes defenders timeline via
i want me some luke cage and black panther on the streets of u.s. right now in defense of unarmed black people.
sept. 21, 2001: mike piazza homers in mets' first game back after 9/11
first home game, not overall wasn't it? didn't they play in pittsburgh first then come home?
you. guys. im auditioning for avenue q im so excited you dont even know
break legs!
i haven't been able to say anything about because i'm so tired of this that there are no words (for me) right now.
how can you look someone in the face and say "all lives matter"? do you mean "all lives except his, and hers, and his..."?
idk why wearing someone else's shirt or sweater or jacket is so satisfying and comforting but it is
the thought of you in a lucky man's big shirts is quite a vision
has he got a ferret down his trousers ? just asking
baby ferret
more to come on this score - with specific tips and recommendations. stay tuned.
darwyn cooke's new frontier on that list?
we in cae have our second wind today at - how about you?
we're on our third wind... should be a great day!
via : 'you should resign': watch sen. elizabeth warren grill wells fargo ceo john stumpf have you, senator?
. this is the face of liberalism. warren, who stole much less $ but minorities future's, has the audacity to lecture about honesty
surprises in october?
ps: do you mind sharing what site that's from?
which, unless it was going to launch this coming week, was already becoming obvious
not true! they could have also delayed it further. the company previously suggested an earlier launch.
i hope you enjoy the upcoming wars started by your vote for hrc. with anyluck u to can make money off them like 41 &amp;bkristol
thanks. hope you enjoy your internment camps and authoritarian government.
xenophobia, always a better alternative to fact-based discussion.
it's not xenophobia when they do it, though. it's social justice!
seriously doubt that, mika hates trump lol
true and that means trump is doing something right....
don't you love it? greatest city in the world! lol
wouldn't know how to be anything else but simultaneously annoyed/fulfilled
the chelsea bomber thought he was fighting against 'oppression'
he should have just attended an nfl game and knelt during the national anthem, duh.
lauding print's success over ebooks ignores both issues of access and accessibility
sweet. sent to my history dept.
happy birthday lil bro hope u have a raw day much love!!
thanks bro bro love you too
jank lf margot cf myers 1b renfroe rf schimpf 3b hedges c asuaje 2b sardinas ss pitcher
i'm torn on who to start between janko or dickerson.
i said what i said its horrible
that's an exaggeration. one of her best vocal performances
i have an extremely knee jerk reaction, given that it's election season, to people saying there's no difference b/w the 2.
i see one as a very active and immediate threat, and as there's no alternative strategy in place to defeat him, i'm voting.
my mom's going into have major surgery this morning. she's tough as hell, but we could use good vibes today.
mom just got out. doctor is very positive about the results and my mom is doing well, albeit drugged up. thank you all for your kind words.
swift-3.0 is what i use
i think i made `3.0.0` up meant `3.0`. swift doesn't use patch version (or semver for that matter...)
i swear to god, just said that the tulsa cop "choked." choked? what a stupid thing to say. b4 knowing the facts. stupid.
choked? to use a word for shooting 3 for 19 regarding an obvious murder ? yeah, stupid.
u have pink hair ur irrelevant
nope i just do my research before i talk shit.
i think ioannidis 2005 was also an important milestone.
yes. in medicine definitely
terrific sign after mysterious condition. sneaky good rb2 option given recent carnage, if active.
right, ivory is going to solve the jags offense, riiiiiiiiiiight
wed's featured shows: w/ &amp; plus
thanks, as always, for including
even have to be saying, hillary has never said that before, she knows she losing so she's flip flopping
she say s that with a straight face because she is a sociopath.
2011: marked death of &amp; welcoming &amp; to nobel women's initiative.
...my nephew's daughter loves her
it worked with integers or indices before, now mostly just integers. here's what i mentioned above:
mind if i queue this `unicodescalar` extension for (will attribute of course )?
i see one as a very active and immediate threat, and as there's no alternative strategy in place to defeat him, i'm voting.
but i also believe you can engage in politics as a voter without signing off on the entire system--
wtf!!?? breaking hillary clinton foundation honors wife of convicted terrorist &amp; bomb maker!
seems reasonable...under the isis flag. hrc supporters are outraged by skittles and this is ok! stupid is cool
i love when you post pic like that there is so much music i still don't know about thanks to you love heavy metal &amp;...
cool glad i can help so much great metal out their old &amp; new
33 years old texting a 17 year old talking shit about all your coworkers??? and you have the nerve to call me immat...
tell em ruth!!!
leaks already after one bad week! embarrassing!!
who is the stupid one
well, we hadn't taken off yet. we still haven't. so, totally normal for
afaik departure time is when the door closes, not wheels up time.
because blm is more than just about police brutality it's also about racism towards black people
obviously all lives matter but we're talking about black lives rn that's like going to a cancer rally and saying all diseases
i still have elephant parts on vhs around somewhere.
i do too, somewhere.
nah, the reason being, american racism is based purely on looks. a person can be "white" as long as he or she "pass for white".
so how do you explain black success &amp; acceptance?
you can assume the police murdered someone, but i'm not allowed to assume anything? isn't that special.
your assuming is part of the problem. there is a problem and both sides are equally to blame.
poll: wealthy voters abandon republican party for hillary clinton
yes,they're all afraid of losing money,control,and prestige!!
and of course i discovered it through my so called life
we should rewatch my so called life
i take classes in the ues and when i leave, it's so beautiful because i walk out to brownstones. i pretend i'm leaving my apt.
i live &amp; go to school here
thinking back to my chronicle tribute...
that's awesome!!!
u can but that. how do you think joe feels about trump?
turn on the tv and see what dems. have done for blacks in charlot. nc.. nothing is the answer ..wake up
but i also believe you can engage in politics as a voter without signing off on the entire system--
i have to eat the food that's in my fridge right now if i want to have the strength to plan and execute the feast.
not quite. this government has &amp; continues to make black americans and minority's 'victims'. google systemic racism.
lalah, this person doesn't have the capacity to understand what ur saying. it's nice that u tried tho
and the lake of representation of new political party due to majoritary voting system ?
lake of representation no more! it's water under the bridge, now!
salma and i went to high school together in jeddah, saudi arabia. we will have a reunion in nov
i went to jeddah prep back in the day!
that's a steep price but not awful considering how bad hoffman looks right now
yeah i lold at what you said about freaking out in the scout's section :p
it's something of a rambling confused mess but so brave of him to expose
can you imagine back when the evils were unknown, able to ruin lives?
good morningthe ocean has beauty inside &amp; out which is a priceless quality have a wonderful day
same to you, enjoy your wednesday!!
report: cnn suspends trump puppet corey lewandowski after learning he's still being ... -
sounds like another trumpian scam -suspension means he'll b/c a very public trump campaign aid-like &amp; zucker planned.
we don't forgive you for being a scumbag criminal. now go back to the sofa with mommy and tweet away.
curious why you are so obsessed with me. again, willing to meet or talk/facetime with you about it.
honestly, the clinton ad in which we see romney/graham etc attacking trump might be the cycle's worst. feeds right into his brand.
how so? undecided voters haven't expressed to pollsters they want to hang the "establishment/elites".
thank you for posting this. it's finally allowed me to cry
let me know if you need anything crystal. sending hugs
honestly i'm not but he is a very good looking male. is it wrong to appreciate
he's indeed a very charismatic bloke, this is from san jose fan party .
there is going to be a ton of pressure on lin to perform at near all-star levels this coming season......
so? you know lin is always better under pressure, in crunch time, game on line. true competitors thrive on pressure.
mr. trump's stupid excuses: monica lewinsky tripped, and her mouth caught his penis to stop the fall
@ if clinton tells you the sun is about to rise in the east, it's probably wise to keep one eye on the west!
where is the room for leftists who find problem with clinton's policing of the middle east, droning, and defense of capital punishment
in the voting booth quietly voting for more of this apparently
hi philip
have you ever been to the states lily?
and no touchdowns either.
oh so when tweet the same no one cares gg
no, you have been brainwashed. southern democrats created kkk, jim crow laws &amp; fought against civil rights.
feisty is absolutely right.they also refused 2 vote 4 the civil rights act n others passed bygop. mlk was not a dem, ind
when brings u a chocolate bar with a love note ily
hehe ilym
where is your research and facts on that statement?
9/11 gave me all i need to know about the filthy death cult of islam that contributes nothing but hate &amp; death to humanity
do you ever get side cramps and what do you do get them to stop while running? can use all advice for my 1st 26.2
all. the. time. sometimes i stop and scream f words and walk. mostly i try to correct my form and breathe into it. they suck :(
when all yur clothes fit in two nike duffle bags that's how u know u need to go shopping
all your stuff fit in two duffel bags?! dude i would need like 80 duffel bags by the amount of clothes i own
because science and also tentacles can reach pretty far very helpful especially whenu loose remote
gurl you just spilt the ketchup
they need to hurry up and make a season 2 of the get down. that show was really good.
i been tryna watch! but im so stuck on this csi miami shit n im only on season 3 smh
you putting money on the game...
lol.too nervous as it is..we're gonna get our asses kicked
kiki with me about all stars too
omg yes girl let's gossip about it!
there are foreign rebels, but they aren't as numerous as assad's foreigners, who are main part of his army
really? u got stats?
you coming to new haven wit the gang lol
that's a facto !
mas amedda is chopped liver
he established nothing, and abandoned everything. he's a fancy hat imperial...
that's a steep price but not awful considering how bad hoffman looks right now
since it's a keep forever dynasty i felt senzel's upside and floor is what i'm looking for. my 3b rn is ryon healy
must have went pretty far considering i haven't tweeted about him since june bruh
it takes 5 seconds to go through pictures, but i get it, you're 14 and don't know how it works
today is 9/21/2016
time to release those taxes!
serve tiny yogurts. under the lid, it reads, "that good smell isn't salad. you're at a burger joint, ya dope. now e...
there is a meatless option... lettuce, tomato, pickles, onion, on a bun.
do you stay away from all vehicles, mr. g moola?
pick up a weapon and defend your country.
yet another google social media app without an externally facing api. in 2016.
no spam tho
thank you, ! nailed it with team usa..needed just as much skill as they do grit. failure also lies in how team was built.
how is phil kessel not on this team? can we stop with the tortorella is a good coach talk?
can you imagine back when the evils were unknown, able to ruin lives?
remember vividly the crimes and harrassment documented
i can't seem to delete my old account, and support.com hasn't replied to me.
so sorry about that andy. i will escalate.
sec. of state spokesman john kirby says it's their goal to admit into u.s. 85,000 refugees in 2016. translation: we don't care about you.
where are ryan, mcconnell to speak out against bho? where is his constitutional authority to do it? why isnt this challenged?
2nd group of aternity employees arrived at logistics center. sorted potatoes, carrots, beets for needy families.
teach a gardening class, root vegetables are easy to grow
they r human beings that want 2 kill us.if they were zombies would u let them eat u alive?or
u gun nuts are killing more americans than isis is... 33,000 per year dumb blonde
sept. 21, 2001: mike piazza homers in mets' first game back after 9/11
i remember that shit when i was diehard mets fan.
to be fair, that was just mark zuckerberg buying one huge 26b dollar diamond.
don't joke! his wife can't lift her hand because her ring is so heavy. it is actually very sad.
don king also said during his speech: "i want you to understand, every white woman should cast their vote for donal...
and average/everyday americans hear this genuine call for unity &amp; we reject the bigotry of the elite media to divide us!
crooked hillary has the chairman mao fashion down.
she's not hiding her goals. the outfits the, keep your guns wink wink, flipping the scotus all part of the plan.
thank you president obama for your kind words and endorsement!
his endorsement is killing your campaign. stupid is as stupid does.
hq photos: dakota johnson attends gucci fashion show via
kill me she looks incredible
well the bridge is the only good part imo
well your opinion is trash and your ears must be clogged with wax, for you not to recognize ha lower register
p.s. i'm coming to la with my drummer/co-writer end of october. any shows?
up in the air at the moment but it's probable!! i'll keep you posted for surrrrre are you playing when you're here??
i'd really rather you said thank you and went on your way. otherwise you should pick up a keyboard and type a pun.
should i or should i not follow the advice of the galactically malicious
the wife recently was on a kit for iranian films. we watched a few. not bad, but the kids hated them. too slow, not enough action.
this generation of kids makes me wonder: will they have the patience to make the right decisions in life. who knows.
my life looking over my shoulder, waiting for something to happen. you're more likely to die in a car wreck
one of them could take you out... 2016!
fall doesn't officially start until tomorrow, guys. we have no chill.
none whatsoever. plus sbux released pumpkin spiced lattes before labor day this year, like wtf
- i believe it too. love that song! i feel extra good watching paul rudd lip sync and dance to it on fallon
i feel like it's impossible to be anything but happy when you hear that song. even if you're angry or sad when it first comes on.
danny brown, zeelooperz and maxo kream are coming to buffalo all on the same night...
i was standing next to maxo kream during the concert in ny
related: is the escapists any good?
i knew a guy who loved it.
"... i cannot, almost as a rule, trust anybody who has not tried a variety of mind altering substances." -
haha pretty interesting convo!
nice summary! we loved this: must play a role in lifting people out of
streak since summit last week c
that also made zero sense to me. basically, this entire tourney is a huge wtf for me
exactly.... i can't even see it being a successful money grab with the way they butchered the jerseys
new attraction near shake shack?
yeah what is it? i saw it yesterday but not close enough to figure out.
and i appreciate that. but it doesn't change the fact that people are rioting in charlotte based on a lie.
were u there as an eyewitness, no, the facts are not out, individual was in possession of a firearm, (1)
as much as i love my country, there are days where i'm just plain tired of it.
me too dude. me too.
anytime i love ur podcasts they r all very unique. same here started watching a few films yday from tiff i still got like 25 to go
ty sir! i definitely try and tackle a wide range of topics with hardcore film freaks who are ready to geek out.
how can you look someone in the face and say "all lives matter"? do you mean "all lives except his, and hers, and his..."?
in case you missed it: my skin is not a weapon. my skin is not a weapon. my skin is not a weapon. my skin is not a weapon.
bruh i get more girls then u in one night then u haven't gotten guys in ur entire life
you are illiterate goodbye
interesting seeing some activist fatigued w/ the cause of feel like your individual agenda is overshadowed exit stage left
do understand isn't activism for some of us... it's my life, since i've become an adolescent cops looked at me differently
hillary clinton is a failure at fighting terrorism - -
we've had sooo many cases since 9/11.
hope it's fixed soon. so far shinobi links are the only ones doing this, other people i follow work fine.
, anyone who uses up 140 and has links &amp; graphics seems to get this.
yup... i've not seen many italian films. but, this one is my favorite so far... "allacciate le"
you never saw films of the great felini or rosellini? omg.
hi tweets u r taking the day off "sleep well" he'll see you at the debate. prove him wrong call into ?
why should hillary call into you so that you can vilify her.
crazy busy...and my week is nuts :) have a good day
is it every day your day is nuts
im taking full credit for this
this mean you as well!
a year ago today we dropped hamilton on npr and were in the world. i'll never forget your kindness that...
that drop changed my life! and my kid got a 5 on her apush exam in large part due to u 4 making it!
dickerson off the bench for lefty pop
i like that but his bat is better than just a bench role going forward. we possibly have 4 good players for 3 spots
don king accidentally drops the n-word while introducing trump via
on the other hand, king didn't beat anyone to death this week.
trump's generosity to veterans, beginning way back in the 1980s (1 of 3)
i'm sure he meant tax paperwork to prove it not a news article.
if u havent seen paterson highly recommend it with all these fast paced movies out there is great to watch one that takes its time
every jarmusch flick will always be on my list of flicks to see.
was it a legally purchased gun?
doesn't matter. sort of problem u have with open carry. finding out when people r dead is too late
they got more tracks coming out together?
oh my bad i thought you were referring to the weekend at first - was in the train couldn't see what u were referring to
with each extrajudicial killing by police officers, the need to rebuild our entire system of law enforcement from scratch grows more urgent.
we basically spend billions to ruin people's lives legally
i love heavy metal but there so much out there!!! i'm glad i'm following you
cool just followed back
clinton email wiper appears to have asked online how to hide 'vip' info via the
yes, thejust keeps getting deeper
top 6 storylines this week: 6) the bills have never lost to the cardinals in orchard park. 1-5)...
last time you guys played the cardnails at home was on my birthday sadly i wasn't born yet
i don't think i'd ever date a guy from high school, they're all too childish and immature and naive. they don't have complexity in them tbh
maybe none of them feel like sharing that side of themselves with you
feel bad for the employees but this is a beautifully constructed tweet.
the little people i don't blame, but if you're earning a handsome wage screwing sick people out of money then you're a shit
his parents gave him all the tools to have the best name in hockey. but he chose football... what a shame
sounds like the next slapshot movie
lmao i used to get so hype when that song came on, and chickened out when it came to getting tatted
bruh. tell me why this song had my ass at touch of ink off perkins, getting my first tat the week before our graduation
. on african-american voters: "the poll numbers have been going like a rocket ship."
the spacex kind that blows up, having not ever left the ground?
i am using them for both. for instance, i am wearing them right now at work with chinos and button down
i should be getting a commission. hahah, i swear i have sold more allbirds than they have. lol
i think it was in 2nd grade
you were really about that life lol
who trynna link for halloween?
yerrready knw im there lol
per investment group including offer to buy in hopes of keeping in...
it's a start!
ur tweets concern me. pls click &amp; send ur acct type/country if help is still needed (no acct #/pin) ^sg
thank you, will do that immediately.
where is hillary clinton? campaign 'postpones' north carolina fundraiser - breitbart
in your head
and i appreciate that. but it doesn't change the fact that people are rioting in charlotte based on a lie.
(2) so situation is iffy, but tulsa situation, even their police chief said it is disturbing,
curious where that overlaps w/ opportunity. willing to bet pass attempts per game were significantly less for rw
sack totals were also incredibly high in that era though.
y'all ain't bout to push this into black on black crime territory. no. all cops are under scrutiny, regardless of r...
white people love responding to evidence of institutionalized racism with "i don't know how this turned into a big ol' race thing." lol
you too beth and everyone.
what's up keith and all
that doesn't mean you should ignore commands to drop your weapon
depends if the officer was in uniform or not
what's wrong cis-
*bro. coughing, sneezing, sore throat, headache, body aches.
what about ?
he went to baruch
does anyone else clean to clear their head or am i just a psycho
i get all my best thinking done in the shower. so that kinda counts.
astonishingly awful piece blaming 's millennial issues on ...gasp...telling the truth!
so insulting! as though we are robots &amp; he has written bad programming
wait. public urinals?!
as in, not enclosed behind a door. like most urinals in men's rooms.
but even non-liberals will regret electing an incompetent clueless conman. it is a real job (not as real as advertised, but still
that's a different issue
it wasn't positive news, unfortunately
nothing is happening in oakland.
in honor of the tonight, here is a of me signing my contracts in nj!
looking forward to it!
and i appreciate that. but it doesn't change the fact that people are rioting in charlotte based on a lie.
(3) was unarmed, so someone has to b held accountable for that.
family will be able to prove them wrong with autopsy. i highly doubt he was on anything, let alone 'pcp'
...im old enuff to remember dallas 1963 and the hot debates that flew then
that is actually a good idea for contest for graphic designers--bathroom icons that don't reflect gender stereotypes.
should be run by !
i thought i would catch the non us pokemon in europe but had no wifi or service anywhere but london where nothing!! so sad.
i wish i knew what i knew now while i was in tokyo! would've went looking for farfetch'd!
when the bass is just too f'ing much.
that phone case tho
ahmad rahani's father sued local police alleging discrimination and anti-muslim bias, case has not been resolved.
best way to get a person on the edge to commit to radicalization:take away their country.
florida people: love. california people: really love. yet again...nc folks are chopped liver. story of my life.
pretty much. except . i like him.
q1: have different is branded content vs. sponsored content?
a1 the same but w integrity u can use branded as a way to tell a story that sells ur brand value rather than a product
no never philip,but hope to sometime
i've met patti last week in nyc.
this is my new twitter bio
it doesn't do much for "parenting styles," however.
in case you missed cybertech's sept newsletter - it's here
thanks for the retweet
truffle linguini with fresh tomatoes, anchovies and basil
thanks for sharing!!
dj logic just joined the musical line up for rockers ball. tickets are going fast. get yours today:
thrilled to perform as auctioneer at with for
let me be clear: it is completely inappropriate when don king uses the n-word in a church and everyone - including trump - laughs.
i cant believe a con artist and a murderer is even celebrated as a surrogate to the trump campaign. wtf?
whoa, 16 yrs after my mom used to cry along to 12-yr-old billy gilman's cd he's now openly gay, 28 &amp; on .
he was really good. i am glad he selected
there was desert but the entire thing wasn't physically in a desert
well, then neither was "work bitch"
could be the innovation we've been waiting for? weighs in:
thanks for the mention!
about to leave fuck class standing outside queens hall for most of it are we ever going to go in? probably not
lmao this is bullshit
i'm doing this rt : i better see some pablo escobar costumes this year for halloween....
you need the right wig. lol
also my ep of has passed my embarrassment filter... we're fun and talk about politics and do jokes
you just.... you gotta listen first and make sure you didn't totally make a fool of yourself you know!!!!
pretty weak actually
extremely weak and makes laker fans look bad. competition makes everyone better
if there's a fight today im going to kms
why cos ur ass stayed home
can't believe i missed this shit
too bad the practice rooms in the basement don't have windows!!
might be able to see it!
word. hopefully you can
coming this fall on the wb
hands down one of your best tangents to date.
do understand isn't activism for some of us... it's my life, since i've become an adolescent cops looked at me differently
the day i was frisked on my block in front of my family &amp; neighbors and gun drawn (while complying to request for id) my life changed.
anyone has experience with products like soylent? how was it?
i've been drinking half a bottle in lieu of breakfast for about a year. it's very ordinary and i feel fine, good signs.
y'all cheap as hell
so why dont you pay then
playing around with ios development for google nearby. installs one cocoapod. i will never again complain that npm is slow.
ha the way they abuse github for their pods it's no wonder it's dog slow. they need to re-architect.
just like they murdered 5 police officers in dallas based on a lie.
very very unfortunate and sad about dallas police officers who lost their lives, based on a lie, not to (1)
great news man.
yes sir. thank you.
hmm... that's a great question! we don't know how you couldn't possibly love them!
i wish disney would go back to making glassware from blown glass. i love that store in the magic kingdom
seriously is this a fire drill or an actual fire or something ?
idk but this is a drag
salty !?!
no i'm just wondering who taught you english, your cop family?
this cover... honestly
i was cracking up when i saw it this morning.
wow. you sound like a ton of fun.
you sound like a major nightmare!
aren't all donuts happy? are there sad donuts in this world? what do you think it would it take to make them happy?...
true, donuts are always happy, its the people who get sad after they see the calorie count. :)
there is a war against whites! so is white! how does that work?
officer was black as well. police chief seems to be black too. but oh well, race war yata yata
l o ! l o ! they know they know !
you're sc story this morning tho .. where's the fuckin blow man
great insight . have you checked out sap's digital future series ?
i haven't yet but will take a look
whiskey &amp; whisky are both correct spellings. i actually prefer it with an -ey, but i ran out of room.
....interesting.
you as well gregg and all.
yeah hi all friday is near
usa? england? ireland? - sunderland's california native lynden gooch talks about decision
should definitely play for ireland
if anyone is wondering, i liked doom patrol . especially the artwork. it's a lovely, lovely comic.
*nervous chuckle* well... u.. um... have fun with this week's episode! *pulls on shirt*
wht bothers me abt touting opportunities/rights 4 disabled black minorities lgbt women girls etc is tht they have to
the fact politicians hve to tout equality &amp; mke laws to protect diff grps of ppl black women disabled lgbt is the problem
i don't think that exist save for a few professions. obama is always black even when half only, because he'll never pass for white
agree on obama. think you're way off on few professions. you need to do some research on that.
good morning... i like ur cheerful avi..
thank you babes :) its a reminder that you always gotta smile :)
this is the absolute craziest rumor in the world, but sure-i'll take an employee discount on a p1 please.
that said, as a formula 1 fan, mclaren is definitely the most apple-y of the car world. just watch any mclaren mtc tour on yt.
day five without bread, dairy, sugar, and processed foods. starting to not miss them so much. except cheese, i miss cheese.
kudos, i could never
thank you teamkeys-the people who can type that must not have had enough hugs from their mama...
it's a real joy to be able to interact with you guys- so dissapointing that a few bad eggs try to really stink up the place
.why the fuck is it cool to want to be a mermaid? you're gonna wear your iron maiden tee with your mermaid hair?
i've been wanting to be a mermaid since the tender age of 5
the indescribable and inexplicable greasy rancid funk that permeates and fills the already...
find it worse on grand street or canal. nauseating
i'm curious to see how die-hard sketch fans are when figma and xd become readily available with their key features.
i'm really excited to try figma (it's sitting in my tabs right now). the biggest deterrent is the cost of switching mid-project.
last chance to rsvp for the 1st ever free event on 9/23.
already rsvp! see u friday!
i'm excited for bearded men
look no further, girly ;)
any chance of a world tour in 2017 ? plans for australia ?
and asia???
i would blame the listener more than the speaker. "i'm so hungry i could eat a horse" doesn't need a fact check.
sure, but i'd note that he surprised everyone before by insisting seemingly hyperbolic stuff was _not_ meant figuratively.
i've never even eaten there yikes
i live for them but maybe not anymore. i'll stick to any other sand which place that doesn't just remove my meals!
true, donuts are always happy, its the people who get sad after they see the calorie count. :)
you still here today? i'm heading to demo grounds this morning, would love to say hi!
i asked how you were diagnosed, don't know why you can't or won't tell me.
it is not acceptable to badger or anyone else for such personal details. also: they have books &amp; a website.
i really hate the display of apple music that came with the update. it's aesthetically displeasing.
feel lost in the app, the previous version had a cleaner lay out
the face down motion makes it worse &amp; guys rarely stand up for it.
yeah i can see what you're saying. but im talkin bout when like man making u gasp for air. that'll make u lose ya congestin
, ',' and the possibility of a new study shows that rocks formed by the grinding...
(cont) these pseudotachylites - fine grained rocks - are from the british isles.
if you have edelman as a wr on your fantasy team and he plays qb, do his points from passing count?
i feel like antonio brown definitely got points when he threw for a touchdown i think last year or two years ago
i've never even eaten there yikes
(legitimately upset this happened again...lmao)
.: "becoming the nominee of the party of abraham lincoln has been the greatest honor of my life."
enough of the pandering &amp; would have denounced u like the rest o...
post-apocalyptic community seeking leader. must be organized, brave &amp; radiation resistant.
hahah, yessss, i play this all the time
just like they murdered 5 police officers in dallas based on a lie.
(2) the shooter, he in his messed up mind was tired of seeing ppl of color shot and he lashed out
disappointed with telling me over the phone that i would get my phone on launch day, only to have it slide further each week.
said i'd get it on launch, then it became the following week, now it says october 10. really annoyed by inability to estimate.
"you can imagine the type of player he is, fit is an understatement &amp; he can play too." keegan on new boy lee chin;
terrible interruption of shane keegan's interview.
office 365 comes with 1 tb of onedrive.
another point to consider is if you want an app that backs up photos from your phone; consider dropbox or google photos for that.
finally got a program from the weightlifting coach
where the download link at?
so blessed to have seen my '06 hs classmates in hong kong tonight for dinner!
hey! i didn't know you were a fellow pa grad! i'm class of '94.
student: brangelina is getting a divorce! me: .... they were together?
you know, that was my gut reaction too? can't bring myself to care, sadly
hillary in 1993: let's double the gun tax. a financial gun ban, without calling for gun ban. poor people? too bad.
yeah, that's ok to attack gun owners but voter id is voter suppression
i have always depended on the kindness of strangers, and is the strangest of all:
oooohh excited to read this!
you keep this diet up, and you won't have to worry about any terrorists, my g! ;)
what's hiding in your closet? why don't you join the winning team and go for the big win!
what does a tattoo of the internet look like?
these 4 computers used to be the entire internet
pretty sure that's intended, for mic purposes right?
if what says is true, i don't think so. it is happening even for the normal camera when taking pictures.
my first published poem, from the oak creek, wi newspaper in 1997
&amp; stops players with a lickens is fantastic tbh
keith lamont scott. terence crutcher. too many others. this has got to end. -h
i agree . what do you plan to do about it when we put you in office?
he's pandering 2 black people. i hope black people don't fall for the okie dokie.
once again i will say it boggles my mind how any person of color can vote for
examples of recalls and safety concerns of toyota in china
twitter why are you posts belong to betsy ???
how about we get it up on the blog? we're on it!
perfect..i nust need to know where to find your blog?
i think i can do like once or twice a week with meat but dassit
yes because moderation is key but chicken is life lol
musharraf exposed.
well they weren't separatists
thanks . i so enjoyed the lightning talks yesterday!!!
and, of course, too. thank you!
happy birthday !!!
thank you!
i taught myself
makes sense. maybe you should go back to middle school young boy.
whatever happens happens
so inspirational. i'm crying. i feel so inspired.
the only complete solution to the java deserialization bug is to not deserialize untrusted data. and it's hard.
how about using json, protobuf ,_insert data structure format_ instead for moving objects over the network?
"cantina," tim. come on. ;-)
good point paul "don, welcome to the cantina...you are at home here"
yup... i've not seen many italian films. but, this one is my favorite so far... "allacciate le"
huge classic by desica: the bicycle thief
call me big daddy won't ya back that ass up
girl who is you playing with back that ass up
i really make myself laugh. shit is super corny.
cropsey ave bulbed up last night dry meat blood 3 slice pecan pie sara lee takeout sunkist fire
why would they listen to a student?!? bad news.
when has the district ever given something long enough to know if it works or not?
wonderful, just followed linda on here. let's email each other linda.com
. great! and if you plan to be in ny on oct. 18, our dare2tutu event is that night. :-)
i would blame the listener more than the speaker. "i'm so hungry i could eat a horse" doesn't need a fact check.
having done that, i can't blame reporters for not wanting to ignore things as figurative that also could be falsehoods.
just like they murdered 5 police officers in dallas based on a lie.
(3) the only way he knew how, and no i don't condone what he did, but until this issue is resolved
me, but for the a*teens classic "floorfiller"
come clean by hilary
the problem is that subcultural elitism is an obstacle to this objective
1) bee convinces the convinced 2) this sort of cultural subelite solidarity may alienate those who don't share all norms
no kidding. i need another messaging app as much as i need another credit card. amirite?
that's where you're wrong. if responsible, it never hurts to have another credit card and the points associated.
wht bothers me abt touting opportunities/rights 4 disabled black minorities lgbt women girls etc is tht they have to
the real question is why is that necessary? are disabled ppl not americans? r they not automatically covered by bill of rights
keith lamont scott. terence crutcher. never coming home. black lives matter. god help us, black lives matter.
heartbroken. rt keith lamont scott. terence crutcher. never coming home. black lives matter. god help us, black lives matter.
thank you teamkeys-the people who can type that must not have had enough hugs from their mama...
it seems so simple "if you don't have anything nice to say don't say it at all' - boys like that give males a bad name
. russell miller was never a member. are you thinking of cyril vosper ("the mind benders")?
oh. i must've read it 20-25 years ago. i am probably conflating author w primary accounts
i tell a joke or two
, i see what you did there. smokey's tracks of my tears is one of the best songs ever written.
clinton's real millennial problem: young americans are less loyal to democrats
that's a crock of shit
sorry u know our net
bes rated pg to? haha wala pa nako gi watch
bah. another amnesia tale. i have to admit i skimmed most of that one. still not my favorite trope.
you know, this came up in the winner's kiss and i was like, oh god no. but she made it work, the relationship needed a reset
should be hillary clinton
its about trumps strengths. if candidates had no name or affiliation. trumps agenda wins.
what do you call it?
still relevant guys
i'm good. headed to the er to check myself and the baby. i'll post updates.
great. sending prayers your way.
i'll remind you that you too were repulsed by the savagery of the fo, before you sold out to them.
context helps. once i had that, the truth was clear.
...you need to go over any details. we're here to help any way we can. *emmanuell 2/2
y'all aren't helping someone who has been upgrading since day 1 with y'all get his phone it's not cool. i was ordering at 12am.
nfl ratings drop faster than colin kaepernick hearing 'the star spangled banner'.
the nfl is not allowed on my tvs. if you want to watch it go to a bar.
does anyone still use an rss reader? which one? something good for mobile too, obvs.
i use greader. you can upgrade to the paid version to not get adds.
which essay?
self-dx's are crucial for many who do not have access to $/insurance or bc gender biased tools. cc
hillary wore prism glass over wandering eye ...
getting better. wandering eye, shaky legs, shaking head, sleepy spurts, great attributes for a potus. c'mon this is serious
, your odor is causing respiratory issues. might be time for a shower.
thank god the mystery is solved.
thank you teamkeys-the people who can type that must not have had enough hugs from their mama...
they'll never win though
versa loves these type of snapchats. versaisbray just in case you wanna hit him with more inspiration.
indeed i do. you know the snap name
the day i was frisked on my block in front of my family &amp; neighbors and gun drawn (while complying to request for id) my life changed.
i say that to say this... if you don't truly have black folks interest at heart, then you don't think
oh wow! great for you and patti i've met a few
patti is as charming in person as she is online
and among his peers he was lapping the field. if era was different, reggie was still blowing everyone away
i see watt and white as super similar. actually working on a piece about it.
you love the story how it all got started...., started out in the ......
welll!!! some will say grand wizard theodore. oh yes there are some who will disagree. all hail the kings and queens of hip hop
fa sho. besties. also, when do you want to take america back to?
america is freedom, protect us from false flag of globalism!
did what ya said and changed my racist settings lol
haha good..some people have nothing better to do but troll...i tell them to get a life..lol
wait, it's 8mm.
you haven't seen the sequel?
mark lol ur killing me!! i have called u a few times in the recent past. im a retired cop and i actually had you cracking up&gt;
about as much as i have ever heard you crack up laughing on the air when i called you up after the video of that dopey cop&gt;
hey you won go to my link
fuck your fake ass account don't tweet at me
too easy. i would smack him so hard that some of his teeth would come out.
on second thought, probably not.
if you're not 1000x long fintech after watching this then you should probably watch it again
lets see if anything actually happens
y'all aren't helping someone who has been upgrading since day 1 with y'all get his phone it's not cool. i was ordering at 12am.
bad i realized y'all would mess this up so colossally, i would have saved myself the trouble and gone elsewhere.
getting super close to when we leave for japan. give me all your tokyo travel tips.
also, what book should i buy to read on the trip?
straight up, people that run &amp; love it are a whole different breed. god made them different.
at wolfpack practices, didn't like it when we got the option of suicides or something else. i always vote running.
pakistan better start dispensing off the likes of hafeez saeed, syed saluddin and masood azhar before drone strike eliminates them
add the sipaha sahaba clowns in there also
i am so sick of waking up to the news of another innocent black man being killed by the cops, racism alive and well in this country
but at least we know we'll be in capable hands after this upcoming election...
shit is really another wake up call that life is flimsy and we gotta just live 100%
straight facts brother
five dollars, hoomon! five dollars. latte's make your pants tight. for
hi der herman!
just thinking about you this am and wanted to give you a big hello! :)
:) you bring a big smile on my face!
prob ur a dumb liberal prob gonna have no job and feed off the government !!
are you even old enough to vote?
the gucci set looks straight out of a dario argento movie. and they said my film studies degree wouldn't be useful.
that really is a gorgeous set.
thank all for the kind words remembering the 9-21 hr. also, a special birthday wish to my wife alicia.
i've been to many mets games, but this was easily the most memorable one i've ever been to! 9-21-01
nice thank you, it's hard to find people that like the same music i grow up listening to heavy metal
i grew up on metal but theirs a lot of great metalheadz here and they all
so it's more like a regular monthly plan. don't forget to cancel if it renews automatically.
cash payment so now way of them charging me again
just like they murdered 5 police officers in dallas based on a lie.
(4) unfortunately ppl gonna continue this reckless behavior and innocent ppl r gonna suffer on both ends
can i pay someone to untangle a necklace for me please?
oh the frustration
automatic by aubrey o'day
nothing in this world by paris hilton
i summarized my literacy narrative to my english class this morning and my professor's only comment was "'merica".
i'd say that's a success
i'm here
*on conference call
i agree the rhetoric was quite strong, but the lack of any concrete action was also quite telling.
they can say they will expand the bs without limit, but at some point the market will impose one.
it's like me kicking you square in the nutz, telling you it doesn't hurt because i dont have nutz and i didnt target your nutz specifically
and maybe if your nutz didn't act like that or act like that they wouldn't have been kicked
and why doesn't know the congressional report was "locked up" for 5 years?
gotta watch and they go out of their way to learn facts.
"you know what the best part about gta is? the whiskey bottle never runs out"
also the bong is always packed
if you add 's jail time to the rest of the 's it's longer than america has been a country...
all who are freaks creeps and bizzarros you have their just like his campaign
bad i realized y'all would mess this up so colossally, i would have saved myself the trouble and gone elsewhere.
your company dropped the ball handling my preorder three different times. i don't care about how much volume there was.
nah, i'm good. thanks for the offer though. are you running to sign up today?!
i did my time in the service so you can voice your opinion. bless the us. better b a backseat driver!?
congrats! but, who can i pitch to at salon now?
and thanks!
props on the v. good tunes on the office sonos today cc/
agreed! it's all today. except for the that was .
just 10 dude we can do thissssssssssss
plz grt married already
putting your flights in us in a more comprehensive perspective, right?
ha! (woman in burka sitting next to me) "terrorist!" (woman pulls out galaxy note) "oh, that screen really *is* big. can i try?"
i'm running the vassar lgbtq center social media now and tbh i'm not used to all this power
thanks for the follow babe
i'm from lindenhurst, will be in ny thanksgiving week. will stop by and try a slice. thanks.
meatball parm hero is no joke either
i love seeing teachers who are passionate about their subjects and teaching.
it's refreshing
about as much as i have ever heard you crack up laughing on the air when i called you up after the video of that dopey cop&gt;
surfaced of him ripping the uber idiot. anyway, i called u today because i was pissed about the traffic in the city. i heard&gt;
when dudes get beer muscles and try to pick me up during the reggae set at pizza zoo
*no beer muscles needed*
nice thank you, it's hard to find people that like the same music i grow up listening to heavy metal
know their stuff from glam to thrash from classic to death from power to
don't.... please....
apple would be better owners than the bahraini royal family.
i'm glad i'm into 's new album as much as i thought i'd be
"new world" is a fucking banger
what's the eta for android nougat on unlocked htc 10? is it still 3 months after the official release?
what's our official nougat update plan?
i say that to say this... if you don't truly have black folks interest at heart, then you don't think
means we are important well before we become hashtags...
never said that, only going by her trackrecord of killing brown people for profit.there are others to choose from.
no there's really not. just like there weren't others to choose from in 2000.
yup... i've not seen many italian films. but, this one is my favorite so far... "allacciate le"
rossellini's great open city:
votes from renter's have grown faster
underlines impact of rising
or do you prefer the fun of the great depression of the 30's?
did you enjoy the bailout of 2008!? no one helped the people just businesses
wish i could take credit... is this you buddy?
we can take requests... cc:
and are enjoying the morning at the of
so happy and proud. some will say grand wizard theodore is the father of hip hop. um just saying. lol
your company dropped the ball handling my preorder three different times. i don't care about how much volume there was.
if you had people actually handling the call i made at 12, or when i dm'd y'all the first two times, it would've been resolved.
it's absolutely a point about hrc's pearl-clutching for gop vs people who give her money.
i respectfully disagree, as i don't believe your reading is supported by the text, &amp; w/o that, it's a disproven factual assertion.
yeah there's been delays, leave an hour earlier !
i don't take mta to work
man, that sounds good. i can't wait to be a man in a forest with some books and a wood-burning stove
i can't wait until lunch
god's been painting again tonight...
what a great picture! can we possibly share this in the future?
well, that's not confusing at all apple...
figure it out? it's a bit of a pain if 2-factor isn't already on.
wht bothers me abt touting opportunities/rights 4 disabled black minorities lgbt women girls etc is tht they have to
way politicians use disabled, black, women, lgbt americans like they're doing'em favor by givin'em rights they s/alrdy hve
so glad i didn't go to school today
finally... thank god
why are you running for a seat in the train when you get off in the next stop?!?
yes! this morning
surfaced of him ripping the uber idiot. anyway, i called u today because i was pissed about the traffic in the city. i heard&gt;
commenting on the un and the fearless free world leader grid-locking ny.well i heard u say something about hillary to me as i&gt;
while we've passed the countries threshold (60 of 55), we're still waiting on the emissions threshold (48% of 55%)...
for those who want to follow the discussions, the live stream is here:
we do our part to train them. they sat through "driving miss daisy", "the straight story"....
hope you're right.
nice thank you, it's hard to find people that like the same music i grow up listening to heavy metal
black metal it's all here so many awesome metalheadz great community
i would like this more if it was a short dress.
for me to wear, i would prefer a short dress. on her, it makes her look glamazon tall. well done dress.
nys personal income tax continues to disappoint, $105m below financial plan. is it a sign of things to come?
will public authority budgets (backed by pit, sales tax, etc...) be amended as a result? probably not. imagine even more spending tk.
gets up with new resolve to eat better. goes in to work &amp; finds chocolate chip cookies and candy corn in the breakroom.
little rewards are okay in moderation, imo
huh, seems like you wouldn't have ran such a shitty candidate if it was that big of a deal.
she was my senator,fought rs for 9/11 funds-remember zadroga bill? not the rw cartoon you happily believe in yr echo chamber
for we walk by faith, not by sight? 2corinthians 5:7
why the? so we fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is unseen. for what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is eternal
i have a constitution to fall back on and two parties that hate the man. potus alone is almost powerless
except somehow if potus is hillary, then she's unstoppable with her diabolical, evil plans.
cnn suspends lewandowski after finding out he was receiving payments from trump camp separate from severance pkg
cnn should be ashamed of itself because "severance" any way you slice it was money from the campaign, he was a paid trump shill
some cheap hp one haha it's really only to do things on the go. been looking at some better ones tho, any suggestions?
i really love my surface book but something art friendly on the go. razer stealth. also all the hp support says call them. lol
how many times do we have to learn that you can't immediately accept as gospel everything the family says after one of these shootings?
i defend members of the nypd for a living; if what families said about members involved in my cases was always true then we'd
if you had people actually handling the call i made at 12, or when i dm'd y'all the first two times, it would've been resolved.
but y'all have my money; i'm stuck waiting for a phone that i tried to order at midnight when y'all messed up over and over.
of power rankings: cespedes granderson de aza nimmo johnson spot start conforto lagares kelly ruggiano on the dl bobby bonilla jay bruce
theorist starting referring to jb as joker bruce today. not good
i studied psci and within 2.25 years have worked in architecture, fundraising, and communications; corporate and no...
show me blueprints
do you want to make america gr8 like the racist 50's &amp; 60's....
let them all in and open your home to those people. no thank you!!!
my nutrition strategy is to only read articles that say that foods i love are good for me.
has been talking about this/trying it.
yah you working with some ass yah your back yah
girl you working with some ass yeah ya bad yeah
just chillin out today gregg beautiful day here.
here as well enjoy your day keith
whatever it ends up being, remember that now, as people report bugs or shortcomings, that we're not all clickbait-seekers. we're customers.
more damaging overall is how buggy apple retail is. my last three visits (genius + 2 iphone pickups) went pretty horribly.
carlos hyde's career yards-per-carry average (3.9) is identical to his career yards-per-target average (3.9).
do you think he's a starter in a 12 team ppr ?
happy to be spending today learning at . excited to experience what has been up to!
tell us what you learned!!?!
assuming trump is appearing with don king to finally launch "simpsons guest stars for trump." it's literally the o...
this is a+ work. will retweet all simpsons related trump slams.
absolutely not
alright just trying to help :-/
good morning come check out my session 'microservices for mortals' in parc55
have fun, try not to offend anyone this time. actually never mind, go for it ;)
all we have done so far in this class is watch a youtube compilation of football players getting tackled
and i love it
i'm not a dumb blonde first of all ignorant liberal! i scored 1450 on my sats,have a degree &amp; iq of 164.hyrocrit libs
just like trump tax returns u cant offer proof of what u say
mainly out of my shop in ri, i travel sometimes but it has to be worth it
i'm looking for something customized, i'm willing to
laser scans unveil a network of ancient cities in cambodia
...ya think
to the coffee shop!!!
are those moons?
fbi director gets a big wake-up call from congress after letting hillary off the hook |
you guys dont appreciate the govt not prosecuting someone w/o evidence? guess that's only true for your idealogical buds.
how many times do we have to learn that you can't immediately accept as gospel everything the family says after one of these shootings?
never have a justified or "clean" shooting. trust me most end up just that way
ganda ? downloaded it na. havent watch it pa lang
super tita!! watch mo!
commenting on the un and the fearless free world leader grid-locking ny.well i heard u say something about hillary to me as i&gt;
was saying good morning &amp; thanx. lol u said "this guy sounds like hillary! well i have some smart friends &amp;we all listen to u&gt;
watching trump laughing is disturbing.
it was very disturbing and flynn behind him was just "cracking up".
i'm going back to my mac for the day. too much stuff to do deal with "my browser won't work without some custom gpu flag"
what linux did you install? i usually only have wifi issues with ubuntu
tell me what i'm supposed to think when people are still lying that mike brown had his hands up? it's bullshit.
ppl have moved on from brown, bcuz every time u turn around there r new incidents
any scum who supports lying criminal hillary is criminal &amp; should be deported. simple enough?
i think you should read this when you get a chance.
there is so much data. so much. so much.
much of wikimedia has terrible apis, but it's worth looking at wikidata too, which is just the coolest dataset
the feeling of crossing the finish line with your best half marathon time in 4 months -...
nice! i will be looking for a fast finish in brooklyn.
lmao she wanted to be us tho!!! she mad a convincing argument about how great legs are!
ain't that how it always is. curly hair wants straight hair. freckles want no freckles.
slept on my neck weirdly again!
wow now that's a talent!
my ex followed me on ig awhile back but then his gf unfollowed me but he requested me again
i guess i am that ex you'll always miss
these don't inspire much confidence in support. if it weren't for the bad grammar would think bot replies.
same crappy response when i complained about charges for trips i didn't take.
im going back to dragon ball z, while yall talking about pikachu, ill be talking about goku
which goku
but i could just read it aloud to myself, right?
no! that is a copyright violation punishable by fine and imprisonment. buy the audiobook.
yeah don't worry we don't like you either
it was a joke but ok
we very much appreciate our existing members, and do plan promos that you'll be eligible for! stay tuned for upcoming deals.
thanks for responding. really hope so! it's a whole lot of $$ now but trying to make it work since i do love it...
every nigga in your school is fly af hater
boggy salty cause he dresses like that everyday
"back in my day, we had the smell of urine on the street ..... and that's just the way we liked it!"
don't forget the crack pipes and needles!
i will need to check them out.
the list. all giants of film.
means we are important well before we become hashtags...
i ask all so called "allies" of for respect. don't care how much money you raise, how much "work you put in"...
lmao she wanted to be us tho!!! she mad a convincing argument about how great legs are!
the bitch had autism tho. brushing her hair with a fork and shit
but y'all have my money; i'm stuck waiting for a phone that i tried to order at midnight when y'all messed up over and over.
unless you had 3 reps drop your order &amp; disappear on you, i'm not sure you're in the same boat. my problem is your bad service.
huge thx to demos from
thanks for having us!
. chipotle is to jordan as freebirds is to spencer hawes chipotle is coke freebirds is sweet tea
don't you dare disrespect sweet tea like that
wanted: male for the shooting homicide of a 20y/o man at 452 gates ave, brooklyn. call with info....
i didn't like that, sorry. cc: man wanted for shooting homicide. brooklyn.
was saying good morning &amp; thanx. lol u said "this guy sounds like hillary! well i have some smart friends &amp;we all listen to u&gt;
i want you to know i am a huge fan of yours and now my friends are tearing me up! do anyway.. good job, simone. maybe u can &gt;
one of wisdom teeth broke skin. how soon do i get them out?
soon as possible it's going to be hurting soon too
anybody knows curry assists to turnover ratio in the finals?
there were no finals. log off.
some of the visitors were very beautiful stringed instruments from collection including the francesca...
thank you for letting us use the media lab as a rehearsal space!
well my point is this: ppl treat white ppl one way. unless black/asian are seen same as white wo needing looking white,
sick country.
i have a tumblr where i collect all my very favorite ios games. i'm updating it with a bunch more games this week.
will corrypt be on it?
do people receiving texts need to install nimoji as well in order to see them?
nope! it copy and pasted as an image.
yeah! terry mickens was my favorite player even though he was never more than like the 4th wr on the depth chart.
i feel you. my favorite players on the bulls are always people like jud buechler-- although my all time fave is scottie pippen
say "lowkey" around me and you can enjoy getting stabbed with a knife
you're thor's adoptive brother aggressive
can't always be about what our community can give to us but what we (values, inspiration, etc) can give to our community
agreed! would love to stay connected xo
i would not fuck with my cousins/uncles. but that's just me. i can't see my mom being a crackhead by way of family.
sometimes its not by way of family, but u cant glorify your family and then hate hate others who do the same thing.
obama is the professional conman. u happy living on the plantation collecting ur welfare check?
i see there isn't a lack of ignorance in trump's camp. bless your heart!
i tried both mint and ubuntu. both gave me various issues.
what hardware?
here are 6 problems america has that are worse than
...my troll seems to be early 20's this shift. calling names...tantalizing photos of diet things. stay strong!
unless you had 3 reps drop your order &amp; disappear on you, i'm not sure you're in the same boat. my problem is your bad service.
my problem isn't the wait. problem is how y'all didn't treat me like a customer at all, but rather an annnoyance to begin with.
you want sympathy from me, act sympathetic. i don't want people to die, but i don't glorify criminals either.
did i ask u for sympathy, don't think so, believe what u want, your right, when i see these cities (1)
clinton campaign memo to supporters: everyone relax and stop panicking
bem! borders-economy-military trumps strengths if candidates had no name or affiliation.trump agenda wins
i think no one can handle me
aww pobresita
do you think it's the flu? or a common cold?
cold. hopefully nothing more severe.
your alot nicer than i am...lol i use those deplorable words like start with f...hahahahah
i swear like a fucking sailor lol..but i still don't swear around my parents..it's a respect thing :)
: "error ...: client is newer than server (client api version: 1.24, server api version: 1.22)", is this what we want in production?
you can set the docker_api_version env variable on the client
chris christie on radio says trump's given away "tens of millions of dollars of his own personal money." literally zero proof of that.
there's not even proof trump's given more than 10 million dollars to charity in his entire life. let alone "tens of millions."
i ask all so called "allies" of for respect. don't care how much money you raise, how much "work you put in"...
that's all we ask for... signing out.
"come on over" at the drop of a hat. how they do it with a 2 and 5yo in the house is beyond me.
i wonder how my sister's entertaining will change if they have children.
clueless congressman called hillary "honest," the crowd laughed him out out of the room
that was hilarious
a dress that is right under the knee lol
aww that's weak. i love to see me a nice knee
let's plan to be in brooklyn at 3? so maybe meet up at 2?
fine with me
marc,just think of all the good you and roddy could do with $500mm+ behind you.chickens can wait.
i think i am doing plenty fine starting fires where needed.. i will leave the 500 million to others
spoke with larry bird this morning. he said paul george is a max contract player.
the sky is blue too
hmu with questions you want answered on the podcast. recording now
it seems like grandex eats a lot of barbells in the gym. what are the team's thoughts on distance sports, the ultimate pg hobby?
there are no fewer than two club bangers in tomorrow's . i am so excited for y'all to hear this one.
we horny for this one.
to attend ohio pastors meeting featuring anti 'prophets'
...you call it call it "acting out"? at any rate, keep a safe distance
i have heard from multiple, multiple people they were not interested in that deal
you mean vivek wasn't interested in that deal?
girl you working with some ass yeah ya bad yeah
girl you working with some ass yah yo back yah, make a nigga spend his cash yah his last yah
some days i want to go back in time and punch myself in the face.
while you're there, kick me in the shins a few times
my lightning earpods only work one way...flip the lightning connector = nope.
i have the same issue - have to unplug and replug in to get them to work
trump mocked romney for not releases tax returns until sept. 21 - today
the president is a person who leads by example.
corey lewandowski is the kind of company trump keeps. an attack dog looking to enrich himself without moral compass.
cnn should be ashamed of itself because "severance" any way you slice it was money from the campaign,he was a paid trump shill
...we really do appreciate you having to deal with it. *emmanuell 3/3
i don't think you do appreciate it, or else y'all would have fixed things the first time. i'd have been better off elsewhere.
i gave it on my dvr. will watch later. did you catch strut last night?
i didnt. i recorded it tho. i usually record stuff and watch the next day cus evening time i only watch stuff hubs likes.
"why are you trying to not know the things you already know." - my therapist. to which my reply was "i don't know"
a heightened sense of awareness &amp; understanding of the things happening around u can be taxing. such are the struggles of a jedi.
ya boy got glasses
lmfao flop, uncoordinated eyes
we were skyping all night tf lol
you fell asleep, and can i miss you?
you want sympathy from me, act sympathetic. i don't want people to die, but i don't glorify criminals either.
(2) continue to settle civil suits with these families, tells me they r owning up to guilt. have other
so we got cool new joint papers, i mean, oil blotting papers at work.
lmao this is wild
i gave it on my dvr. will watch later. did you catch strut last night?
and new stuff i like to watch by myself. lol. alone so i can focus.
sound. stories. music. announcing the lineup for our new show with ! tickets:
bought 2 tickets this week, can't wait!
knew that was coming. if an officer can't remember which side their gun is on versus their taser then they don't need to be on the job
unreal. 4 of you with helicopter support and you can't look down to make sure you're pulling the right gun... lock her up man
huh. i guess it must be a matter of what channels i'm watching or what's in the national cable buys, i don't see these.
they aired that ad very frequently, nationally, during the nbc olympics
you have been doing non state wars for years. we will do state wars..
you should join a comedy club :)
donald trump and i thank you. our bone spurs just wouldn't quite allow us to be the brave man you are...
there are other ways to serve your country. support the troops.
yessssss. wizard and glass is one of my favorite books ever.
cc you're a fan, right?
the deadly thing about this is that once committed to inner group struggle, one loses any way of fighting outgroup
this is a multi-level selection dynamic
it's absolutely a point about hrc's pearl-clutching for gop vs people who give her money.
(even adopting your reading of it, btw, not convinced why that'd change that this is an attempt to assert a falsehood as a fact.)
morning all
morning bro wolf
i swear rv is really a one of a kind school!
we're so lucky and privileged to be here like honestly
don king disgrace to the african-american community you use the n-word in the white people in the background laughing it's really funny
that is why don king did it: to grant them permission to laugh.
in the end it's not about hits, hrs, wins, or even championships. it's all about relationships. thank you
us fans miss you aj
awaiting celebratory $cxrx 4-handle tweet...
i will leave that to you
this man just let this dog lick his mouth after the dog threw up. i'm done
white people...
cnn edits hillary's embarrassing response to nyc bombing - fixed it right up
no words for cnn
you want sympathy from me, act sympathetic. i don't want people to die, but i don't glorify criminals either.
(3) things to handle, it's been real.
. -addressing jewish leaders "don't be driven by fear.."
is there an invite list?.
what's wrong with wanting to fuck them
you don't speak to ladies like that mate. no netflix and chill for you ever!!
y u on every taylor thread. lmao haters r so obsessed hahaha
to get you pressed bitch
white girl tweet
wasn't even me half these tweets aren't even me
democratscan'tstop islamicterroristkillingblackamericans in u s awe are voting for trump!
what makes you think trump can?? he has no plans. our last rep. president got us into this mess. watch the debates and see.
i did this quickly probably should use better colors and put in same order
this will do. i'm sure you're busy. we all thank you.
chris christie on radio says trump's given away "tens of millions of dollars of his own personal money." literally zero proof of that.
one time we checked when trump claimed he gave millions to specific charity the total was less than $500,000....
i want you to know i am a huge fan of yours and now my friends are tearing me up! do anyway.. good job, simone. maybe u can &gt;
understand the magnitude ny radio star just about saying the worst thing in the world he can say 2me-a devoted simone fan!
- thanks for the follow. see you at the gatsby party.
excited to have you attend! :)
need to up the polygon count
or less jpeg compression.
with the un security council engaged all week, the east side of midtown manhattan is a high-security cop-filled bumper-to-bumper nightmare.
but imagine how much worse things could be without all that beefed-up security.
i don't think it'll happen, but apple does have the money...
i suspect the design teams are fundamentally incompatible. mclaren much more radical and more performance oriented.
rumors indicate the mclaren deal would be an acquihire, and the mclaren employees put to work on itunes
itunes, now with a new, dedicated odometer tab. sync your odometer with your ipod for some reason!
i was hella ugly pregnant
no way!! pregnancy makes everyone way more radiant. i felt extra beautiful and strong. you were too!!
people would never false flag. youtube uses the honor system
yes. and inflating rape statistics is unscientific so no one would do that.
highlight of my day, walked into class and my teacher brought his dog with him, it's a wiener dog btw
only person i know that gets excited about wieners .... smh
earpieces banned for presidential debate but not for hillary..."ear pearls" allowed
matt lauer is not in the tank for trump. rumor started to insure his appearance at debate in the tank4 hillary.
ohhh we're letting everyone in? not just select individuals who have been vetted?
not vetted well enough. the just gave 800 deportees citizenship because a glitch!
entire hollywood movie industry &amp; actors r hyprocrits that used gun violence 2 make mils of $$$,how many lives have guns saved
shut up cunt. stop tweeting me
i'm always trying to make other people happy and not myself and i'm done doing that
let 'em know
i hate the "i'm a happy dog nothing in the world bothers me :3" attitude a lot of furries have
likewise, forced positivity is bullshit and damaging
you'd be see through clear right now if you got yourself a haitian king
haitian man gave me the worst pimples of my life
cena &amp; new day,&amp; back in the era, its sad how grew up watching wwe &amp; how austin the rock trish lita &amp; everyone in the era help keep wwe for
when you think about what the company has become its pitiful
first high holiday briefing by new police commissioner of new york james o'neill
and the invite list consists off?
poldark is back filming in cornwall! and yes, captain ross is here! more pics here:
great photos! thanks for sharing.
i'm in the o lounge with like this on sunday when that henny hits me
lolol nah that's really you
while i believe i could, i'm sure i know others who could do it better.
michael.burns.com is the best way to reach me for this.
one time we checked when trump claimed he gave millions to specific charity the total was less than $500,000....
trump also took credit numerous times for donating a million dollar building given by his dad....
when you gonna be in kc again?
beginning of october!
i'd suggest reading the following article about private registration &amp; the public whois database: 2/2 ^m
if you know that these bad things happen to your customers, why do you charge them to avoid it?
i know the story of issac woodard, sparking the civil rights movement.... but read this great thread if u don't!...
hanks for sharing
story of my life the first episode looks intense
i haven't watched trailers or anything i'm nervous
othello wore a hoodie. donald trump audio played between scenes. and that description was better than the actual play, and cost you nothing.
woke up still angry about how bad that play was. low point: just before the climax, they paused to ask audience about our thoughts/feelings.
remember that cuomo, a democrat, doesn't really do much to boost democrats in the
that's because as a smart pol he's protecting his left flank.
it's bc he's attractive &amp; rich lol
lol. tru. can't be dealing with peasants.
trump is about people who are frustrated with the way the american dream has played out in their lives
yes. he's got the angst right. but his solutions are only going to make things much worse. "lower taxes on the 1%". nuts!
with the un security council engaged all week, the east side of midtown manhattan is a high-security cop-filled bumper-to-bumper nightmare.
still, if you have appointments anywhere in midtown manhattan, give yourself an extra hour.
no i understand that. but i, personally, wouldn't glorify it if my mom is a crackhead. idc who selling it.
true but i think its also the fact that some devalue their mom after drugs so that "mom feeling" isn't there
loved the video dude. too bad hibbert doesnt go for much but klay does :) :)
thank you so much, t!
idk im so down and mad at shit atm just when you express emotions that arent positive on here people stop fuckin with you kinda lame tbh
i know exactly how you feel, dealt with this so many times
these will kill you with cleavage
&amp;what are they gonna do with dead body?
lashed out? he shot a dozen people? you are doing exactly what i accused you of, making excuses for savagery.
no i am not making excuses, he spoke of these police shootings,
kyle as edmund tyrone in 'long day's journey into night'
great play! great actor - kyle soller!
. is the only human i've ever met who's said the phrase "amiright" and then promptly answered his own question, saying "i am."
i tweeted about this myself, so clearly i'm not ashamed.
glad u see it too. frustrating feels like no one is opening their eyes. when u see it everything makes sense
also, bho and , using to distract people's attention from: 1. illegal t...
affordable rehearsal space for brooklyn musicians. yay!
thanks for sharing!
to the men who follow me, how do you feel about pegging!?
good stuff
an insightful, interesting article on and : via
thanks for your kinds words
i'd like to take a moment to personally thank whoever invented the mcgriddle
i'm boycotting mcdonald's until they start offering it all day
i had the chance to visit at their hq this week. looking forward to their relocation!
my borough president. i can't keep up with you! you're every where in a day! you're doing the work. palante'!
hope tomorrow you feel better!
thank you. i do feel a little better. i hope you're doing better too!!
understand the magnitude ny radio star just about saying the worst thing in the world he can say 2me-a devoted simone fan!
so lol thank you because my boys are killing me!!! and i am a pretty hyper guy. never been confused with withdrawn! be well!
protip: don't install a new os version on a weekday before work. ah no, i didn't do it. i'm the pro, giving the tip.
you are so prudent and wise
no i understand that. but i, personally, wouldn't glorify it if my mom is a crackhead. idc who selling it.
if that makes sense
taking over this afternoon follow and send your questions using
how did the whole sliding into the grass after you win routine originate?
yeah what is it? i saw it yesterday but not close enough to figure out.
it's a spaceship.
she sucks dick and gets jizz showers for a pay check. she isn't allowed to support my country.
ya can't shame someone for being a porn star dude, that's messed up
where you making magic this week?
do you believe in magic ?!
good day to be in the south
always a good day in the south!
i been under wayy 2 much pressure new music
new music dropped last nite turn it up
it's going to be great! you find someone else?
not yet. possibly just a few polaroid cameras and maybe a canon and a remote trigger for my jacket pocket :)
skill include excessively tweeting whilst hungover
you're def 5till drunk
same to both of you
um yes time n place im there
this little fucker is going up fast, isn't it?
every dayish another floor can be seen from union square. it's insane
i don't know how some people can play pubs on cod for so long. they honestly make me wanna kill myself.
like some people honestly grind that shit so hard.
whaaaaaat?!?!?! jealous!!!!
he needs to come to twitter hq!!
plastic-nika is nothing compared to taylor, go check album sales, tours grossing, charting, grammys
check talent.
if you don't know what hillary's going to do as president, then that's your fault for not listening. she's put it all out there repeatedly.
if you don't know what hillary is going to do as president, , then that's your fault for spending all of your time on trump.
if you see something, don't tell obama or hillary because they will call you a an islamophobe &amp; target you as a domestic terrorist.
good one! so true
that's about the dumbest anti-trump argument i've ever heard.
emotional reasoning at its finest! or worst, depending on if a brain is present.
looks like is a real original guy.
coincidence lol. i do not follow that guy.
corey lewandowski is the kind of company trump keeps. an attack dog looking to enrich himself without moral compass.
all of his male surrogates,corey, boris epstyn, come off as the douchy guy in the bar, to bump into you &amp; say "you wanna go"?!
thanks bro you too be safe.
likewise bro and all
breaking: anthony weiner carried on an online sexual relationship with a 15-year-old girl -
huma's father: dude's pure sharia, we love him!
i'd suggest reading the following article about private registration &amp; the public whois database: 2/2 ^m
is your normal service just a trap that users click by accident and you expect them to know they should be private?
omg what happened to this cat
i hate it when my purchase gets stuck in the vending machine.
i was so close to liking this tweet until i read the last 2 words :(
the lyrics are brutally bad
armed police in bluewater with huge guns. not sure whether to feel safe or concerned
bomb squad in times square outside my office. guess i'll go another day to drop off chocolate. what a week!
so come back as soon as you can ! only 3 hours flight
whenever the next gig calls, i'm there. (convinced me that st. marten is merely a pit stop en route.)
woke up still angry about how bad that play was. low point: just before the climax, they paused to ask audience about our thoughts/feelings.
note to directors: never do that. especially near berkeley. typical opening from audience member: "well, as a writer..."
everything i say is interesting, savannah.
actually, no. you don't indulge me very often. you don't always do what i want u to do. when you tell me no, i am uninterested.
hello purrr devotees: would you use a map_ifelse ? i certainly could use it. i think.
that's returning the second thing if the first thing is true?
and do you mean winning like charlie sheen did a few years ago? cause that's not paying off much now...
don't worry mommy will let you live in the basement 4 ever.
in serious need of a massage &amp; some tacos right now.
i can help with one. not the other.
anyone stealing $258k in charitable donations from other people to use to pay a legal settlement for their business should be arrested.
his cult doesn't care. they excuse whatever he does, no matter how ridiculous (or fake)
working on the health wonk review. got a recent piece you want me to include?
thanks, louise. 2 candidates: or
it's a love-love relationship w/ the new for $5. tap into more deals w/ our app!
no, there is no love. just heart disease, diabetes, and environmental catastrophe.
the only way he knew how? what the fuck is this, somalia? in what society is murdering people the only way?
um u seem to have a problem articulating w/out using profanity, i'm not with that, too old for the disrespect
trump says the officer in tulsa choked. his solution to shootings of unarmed aas: police have to get "better and better and better."
now that's what i call true leadership. how does he come up with these incredible insights?
guys! next sat we're recording w/ a freakin psychic &amp; a wine goddess i v much call 323-450-7408
this will be an iconic episode
gore lost because he was a crap candidate with no fight in him. more dem votes for bush than nader in fl.
point is there are only two candidates that will become president. there are only two choices. i choose hillary.
that's awful. i really don't want notifications from apps i don't even have. i barely want them from apps i do have.
"i barely want them from apps i do have" truth
this is in response to "ppl are offended by kap, but not by photo/video of scene" tweets. we don't need to remind ppl of these traumas
if this is about my tweet i disagree, ppl who hate on kap obfuscate&amp; make it about the military, need to be reminded why he protests
i'm almost done with the last season and omg the crying i did is out of this world
i miss derek more than i miss anyone i've actually really ever lost in my real life
sadly,these men were killed because one had a substance abuse issue and the other had a gun. guns and drugs kill, not cops.
you're victim blaming
well, yes, but that's not the question. i feel that in general there is an equal level of hatred directed at each co.'s service.
cell service alone verizon has been great. customer service is a crap shoot with any carrier i've found
i don't think you missed anything, but it sure seems like the "protesters" did. lol
how many of them got arrested yesterday i think the number is 0
my only rule is it can't go further down than my elbow, but also i'm too fat for stomach tattoos or anything and yeah i'm limited
ok but stomach tattoos are beautiful on all body types they are great
market basket newburyport!
you need to be at camp with us
keke wyatt is one of the best singers i've ever heard. i knew this when she was singing in her dressing room... while changing shoes.
sang her face off!!
bathing in a hot spring or a natural geothermal pool is an icelandic tradition! have you tried it yet?
sure did! several times. rocks!
-the power of his might -yes :)
amen sister! not by might nor by power, but by my spirit," says the lord of hosts. zechariah 4:6
i hate when this happens
it's a long story and it's too stupid to even get into tbh
it's confirmed they really sold out already?!
you can buy them on stub hub. the ticket master tickets were $105 and stub hub is around 700
if you don't know what hillary is going to do as president, , then that's your fault for spending all of your time on trump.
if clinton has had to spend too much time focusing on destroying trump, it's because the media has spent all their time legitimizing him.
big, beautiful wines deserve large formats, and today's eletter has gaja's gorgeous '08 sugarille brunello in magnum.
today's eletter offers mags of a rare wine that derives from 100-year-old aligot vines and offers a compelling lesson in burgundy history.
lol i know ive seen you go off on a few...hahahah but family i wont do it in front of. respect is right..
trolls are fun because they're too easy...only 1 person i know that can even hold an intelligent debate..and he's a friend lol
best quote of the day!
its the wrong kind of change
lmao what's up
put cha girl in check , ima bout to slap her
liberals demand that they talk and i listen. that's not how this works and i won't be quiet about the hypocrisy.
speak on, so shall others, let us hope a solution is near w/out anymore blood shed
holy shittttt! i bet within 48hrs. almost all of us will be dead now. 100% fact!
let's kiss and be friends
[whispers in ur ear] problematic beebee
groping a girl on top of the eyeful thrower. i feel disgusting now
i had a hard time riding a boat fm cebu to bohol omg i give you props
well we hacked a 7 night cruise so we good hahaha
... i had a disclosure revoked recently. i mean that's what i was told after exiting the "forgetting room".
"the forgetting room" sounds like the name of an upcoming bill cosby biopic.
cnn spox just told me lewandowski has not been suspended, as being reported. still trying to figure out what exactly is going on.
appears that cnn is becoming fox news, unwatchable.
don king used a racial epithet when introducing donald trump today
lighten up. all the white people thought don king was hilarious!
lol omfg i can't stop laughing look at his tweet i love jatt twitter
lol look at my tweets i request to for launch a new app ( i love twitter ) holly molly
ovo shop now available on the app store.
eveything they say to drake comes back to me. now i got that fake mainstream media love
is that a don't touch me i'm scared yaoi fanfic
greedy, to succ all those,
i think i just liked how his name sounded like what he was
luc longley was also a favorite!!! &amp; yes his name sounds very cool
today's a struggle and it's only 8:30. furious, sad, spent.
real talk: da real mvp but y'all already knew that
quite aside from ethics, it seems a mad business model to sell $10k acne cream, given the consumer demographic
. some ft commenters suggesting a $10k tube of acne cream could become the latest bling accessory for teens :-)
hi all gday
good day sharon and all
this is the school i go to
and i can't find a job
for those who want to follow the discussions, the live stream is here:
and here's a nice chart summarizing why there's a high-level meeting on today (via...
because she will have all the pro wall street dem and repubs behind her. remember the bill kristol and co endorsement.
ryan has endorsed him and the neocons may not agree with his stance on russia, but will love his take on iran
i'm still like over the twist in . is this the 1st show where transracial adoption is a major plot point?
i missed it! hoping that i can catch a replay online somewhere
atlanta rapper killed in car crash
rest in peace.
ferry officials telling riders coast guard has asked them not to run ferry because they don't want to disturb mysterious sheen on water.
i know about martin, charlie, and even emilio, but i have never heard of mysterious sheen
when your favourite producer plays an impromptu boiler room on a tuesday night, you say "why the...
thanks for the invite.
chicago police are being trained in the art of de-escalation
de-excellent? news analysis--&gt;why so late?
say what you gotta say!
. never will we let our not be heard!
donny and i would love some suggestions! i think he's still looking for his route to serve...
time square recruiter nyc just do it. join the navy no guns to carry.
i mean, isn't that the whole point of transition? to look good in evening gowns all the time?
that and the ability to wear a whole new range of bad hats.
now is the time to sow artichokes,climbing beans,beetroot,cabbages,carrots,chillies,cucumbers,peas,potatoes&amp;tomatoe...
what is a climbing bean?
i'm not moving on from mike brown, nor will i. the whole blm movement is based on a lie.
well u need to take up your feelings re with them, not me
if that's truly the case, i apologize. hope your mom feels better, sir.
yeah man. i'm not trying to steal other people's stuff. that's not me. appreciate the kind words.
meeting with people who gave money to your foundation is far worse than taking foundation money for your personal use.
how? if that money's being used to help those who need it
i don't know about that. big 10 meet and who knows
i just hope it's close....not holding my breath tho..lol
follow back
i just seen this and i just followed you
lol! we watched last night. it was interesting. one girl i can. not. stand.
uh oh. im worried. i wanna support cus...fashion, trans &amp; whoopi. lol
check out my true speedtest on at&amp;t on 4g in mountain view, united states via .
it was peaking at 75 mbps downlink and 41 mbps uplink. that's impressive.
no i am all for people who want to do that and like honestly good for them, i just personally do not feel comfortable with that
yes valid and true. sorry for getting so invested in this i love tattoos
burnout paradise finally going to be bc on xb1? yes plz. (rt)
paradise the goat
adrian - mind telling me what the intro song was on your china chalet mix was? before art department kicks in?
like those first 20 seconds? don't know, was just mixing into that! i can ask!
jessica laurie from is at to talk about and . how they bring the physi...
sorry, jessica lauria. wish added an edit button
storyline been killing me all season tbh.
feels like they just been winging it. but i'm too invested now lol
a dem on actually apologized to the irs commissioner for the hearing over the impeachment resolution.
what a bunch of jokers
time to put on dan patrick. get rid of the racist lebatard. stugotz &amp; a fartbag would b more entertaining
fuggehdaboutit
same to you
why thank you mamn
crushing up m&amp;ms into coffee is kind of amazing.
wow this is genius
the clinton foundation has become a clear liability, as bill clinton mounts his big defense
"clear liability".
ok... so what's the plan?
woke tweets. that's the plan.
is that a new novel?
new collected essays, everywhere i look, from
my 3rd great grandfather didn't fight in the civil war to free the slaves so i could be called a racist because i'm white
yeah.. you did know lincoln wanted to send blacks back to africa, didn't you? spare me self righteous bs
my dream come true!
i was just saying to myself "she needs a vacation"
if that's truly the case, i apologize. hope your mom feels better, sir.
i even just checked. that guy has me blocked. no way i would have seen it.
that presumes he answers questions
forcing him not to is another outcome.
in every case, they lawsuits are being settled by democrat leadership. that does not mean guilt.
right let's just throw money out there for good sportsmanship.
not me. can't avert my eyes.
like watching an auto race...you're just waiting for the inevitable crash!
at 20-something i wanted a disco ball. don't judge me! times were different back then :)
and i would totally vacuum all of the dust off your disco ball!
my morning turned into yoga with and suddenly all is right in the world
we truly namaslayed!
dafuq?? after answering all those questions trumps wants a donation?
he has to pay his legal fees somehow - skip the donation. i did.
rioting and and taking people's lively hoods from them is not the answer either . not a big fan when thugs come out to hide
no thugs were involved when an innocent was gunned down in the street
imo "checking fantasy teams" is the most patriotic thing you could have done
in my heyday i ran no less than 24 teams at a time no time for girls when i gotta focus on "jeff blake awakening" playoff matchup.
if all you want to do is argue that they're wonderful then you must love our country because this is the logical result.
you don't have a country without law and order . and i do love my country i fought for it what have you done for it ?
what's his @
look at you all jealous you didn't get no dm action
why was you playing on my phone this morning i was sleep.
i couldn't figure who's number that was
because people would rather live in a bubble than be slightly motivated to care
a sad state of affairs. how are you doing? hope all is well.
ikr.... they bitch but watch. just change the channel dammit... lol
yeah they must be the type of people that complain about every fucking thing.. omg..
today the skepticism against is less says gen(r)amjad shoaib in watch now on news
everything seems to be going wrong
------ | hello | | it's | | me | | __| (\__/) || () || /
yay i've missed you
wonderful. while the house judiciary committee is trying to get to the bottom of the , rep. lofgren is attacking trump.
what a laugh bunch of jokers and we the american ppl r paying their salaries shame on us
and what would you call our current state of affairs? "applied genocide" perhaps?
lillian, there are people dying and legal &amp; peaceful protest seems to do nothing. your suggestion??
wait is that yours tyler??!
it's my friend's. literally was in a cup of water for 20 seconds. home button not working, screen messed up, camera broken
pretty skeptical too.. but apple's pretty good at making products at scale and mclaren knows how to make engines
well making combustion engines isn't useful cause a new car would be electric. i guess they make and sell high-margin cars
get it understood yeah, it's all good yeah girl i know it's real cause i've been around it
you only want what's real, you just never found it
official scoring change: brandon guyer's game-winning double changed to game-winning single vs. royals.
i was thinking about this last night. not right. player shouldn't be penalized out of a double just because he ended the game.
police getting gunned down tends to make me considerably angry. but i apologize for my potty mouth.
apology accepted. have a good one!!!
i just watched for the first time, and realize i know nothing about $$$, even with explaining shit
yes! that film was so fantastic!
i'm worried you may be hiding in my closet at this point. i know you're at least in some closet. ;)
join me mikey i got checks cereal...
heading down to the senate floor to talk about my resolution with to block the most recent $1.15 billion arms sale to
my god bless the both of you for this noble deed!
feeling super discouraged today. no project i create is good enough &amp; i probably won't get reaccepted into this program.
stop that. you good. you loyal. you smart. you got this
wow, ! *meanwhile...* "6% of $$ goes to charity." - &amp; -
no, this is not the case.
it was peaking at 75 mbps downlink and 41 mbps uplink. that's impressive.
the sign said 714 yuba drive. there's a big high voltage ac tower &amp; some people doing construction, but i didn't see at&amp;t towers. 5 bars.
re bad police %s? what happened to the "bad mojo" formula? isn't 3/1,000 bad per bowl the breaking point?
we're a gun-happy culture but we exempt the instruments of killing in discussing every shooting. i haven't drunk that koolaid.
if i told you i had a basket of deplorables and just three would kill you...
what the skittles tweet by should have been.
u the real mvp if u made it to wrk!
you know i did i'm here now
it's shameful that if it's legal it's okay... no morals involved in politics! americans expect politicians to be corrupt.
power corrupts! our politicians r angels compared to other countries!
this isn't right
it is not.
under koskinen's watch, the irs erased 422 tapes containing as many as 24k of lerner's emails--despite a subpoena &amp; do-not-destroy order
he should be sent to jail for obstruction of justice
you always look like a dumbass
aw :( true can't help it
do you oxford comma when you also use &amp;? bob, lob, &amp; low or... bob, lob &amp; law
iirc ampersands are used for joining names and partnerships (not lists) i.e. "the best law firms are x &amp; x, y &amp; y, and z &amp; z."
not true lol its a lot of r&amp;b artist out of atlanta. maybe not in this new music era tho.
right. new era? eh not so much.
at the same time, ukrainian american communities are recieving new overtures from his campaign. schizophrenic
also follows appearing in kyiv promising weapons sales
please, try walmart at midnight on food stamp days
i'm imagining a sea of sweatpants
get it understood yeah, it's all good yeah girl i know it's real cause i've been around it
don't give them no more chances, oh girl they had their turn
yes, check that too, taylor isn't the best singer, but yes she sings good unlike nicki, she really can't sing
lmfaoooooo nicki sings better than taylor and has a wider range. nice try tho
i have subscripted to quickbooks and turbotax self-employed package. what do i mark my apartment/office rental payments as?
i know i have a deductions due to using a certain part of my apartment as my office. according to quickbooks it's $500.
but that melody though!
is identical to nearly any new justin bieber song...i dunno, doesn't everything sound the same now?
even if someone is carrying drugs the punishment isn't execution without due process
not that i believe this pcp story my god how transparent are you
you only want what's real, you just never found it
don't give them no more chances, oh girl they had their turn
oh snap that's what i'm gonna look like in 10 years.
hope ruth likes lincoln...
aww, that's so kind! i'm sure you would be the first to know, moms make the best snacks and always have neo-geo on deck! ;)
awe yeah samurai shodown 2&amp;4!
fuck why not. now i'm sure manufacturing cocaine isn't legal, but what do you think they'll make with it.
"coca yes, cocaine no"
meeting canceled ?
. this video is truly a game changer in terms of how to re-think time management
do you oxford comma when you also use &amp;? bob, lob, &amp; low or... bob, lob &amp; law
definitely no oxford
got a real night's sleep for the first time in three or four days, feeling vibrant
i got no sleep but using some dope ass highlighter so still looking vibrant
the cops said the same thing about oscar grant.
is this a different incident from last year?
and it is still being done. with impunity. without concern for anyone involved. except cops.
the only real answer? use (or don't use) our only real power: money. relentlessly. strategically
i hope you had a wonderful trip! can that flight please pick me up to go to iceland? what a beautiful place!
- place it on your short list of "to-do's.". it's a beautiful country.
can you spark me up pls
meet me at the field i'll spark you
was your mother upset that you woke her up so early to have her record you making those wicked dance moves in the above vid?
i got a tripod
happy birthday to me
happy birthday to you!
what is ? a google app that records every message you ever send and makes it available to police upon request.
i'm only using imessage from now on. end to end encryption. what do u think ?
i'm just mad he's a mets fan
and islanders so i'm cool with him
christie: clinton's comments on tackling systemic racism "a disgrace" like her
what does cc know about being a disgrace? er, oh right.
she's a fucking raw nerve, or maybe a live wire. touching her, this morning, felt like inviting pain. she makes me anxious; not beautiful.
so she successfully managed to get away again, &amp; i'm fine w/ that, but you see the hurt &amp; loss, the wild, in her eyes, &amp; it breaks my heart.
not that i believe this pcp story my god how transparent are you
if you've carried drugs raise your hand. if you're raising your hand you're still alive.
watch grill koskinen and decide whether to hold the accountable &amp;
he should be held accountable and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law oh wait that's a joke
if clinton has had to spend too much time focusing on destroying trump, it's because the media has spent all their time legitimizing him.
if trump wins it will be in part because the media has spent the greater part of the last 30 years tearing her down.
where is your "systemic" evidence? oh yeah; derailed by the factual details.
the war on drugs de-escalation training deindustrialization of baltimore, chicago, et congress cutting funding to education
sunday essential - sizzling sausage grill. easy + photo
can't find one where it live ...send me one please
"africa's rise is not just important to africa, it is important to the entire world."- at ...
stay together, people! our future is in cooperation. wars bring dead bodies of children &amp;parents &amp;god forbid
trump's generosity to veterans, beginning way back in the 1980s (1 of 3)
even using the word generous is laughable and you know it steve. it must be tough to look in the mirror these days.
i'm tired today so condescension will get you blocked quick. i'm not asking for something odd. i just don't want to die in the streets.
yes. there is no way any person of color can feel safe. our precious people need protection.no one is safe unless we are all safe
i know i have a deductions due to using a certain part of my apartment as my office. according to quickbooks it's $500.
so if my rent is $1350, do i split it 500 business and the remaining as personal?
happy birthday!!!!!
thank you stu!!!!! the big 5-0!!!!
does this look familiar? from me or ?
was so hot they had that hack-a-snakk going and we still won
nation of islam activist calls for economic boycott of charlotte
wtf he had a gun. don't come to a gunfight outnumbered. idiot!
did u peep definition in her shoulders/arms?
yes. i see she works out too.. just a well adjusted family.. pretty basic.. like that about them
is that what was fucking up all the streets!?
i used to think the un was a secret organization that met in the middle of the atlantic ocean
i don't want a boo like this.........
smh. looks like a 10 year old went shopping for groceries.
lmaoooo idk why i feel the need to @ ya every time it's like ya my gamexmeekmill day ones
lmfaooo still bumpin that meek diss tho
we don't want you to be upset with us and we realize it's nice to know ahead of time. our team will provide more info soon.
thanks i'll patiently be waiting for a response
we don't care. he still the police ain't he?
seriously. wtf. what does that do for anyone who is dead???
of course .. i'm taking my change and go buy a bag of skittles...
i prefer sweettarts, myself ;)
thanks for the invite.
sorry ! was the 1st person i could think of that shares the same kind of love for nico as i do. see you at dynamic?
remember italy's red brigades? 1 fugitive sentenced for 4 deaths &amp; kept in brazil by lula's exec. order now worried.
cesare battisti's case similar to patty hearst's in the "i didn't shoot anyone" excuse.
guys, i'm so pumped for this new 40 watt sun record. new track streaming here:
i refuse to listen until the album is released because i need a safe, quiet place to cry. cannot wait for this.
we don't care. he still the police ain't he?
seriously. wtf. what does that do for anyone who is dead???
"at the time" fuck u i am still mad at martin luther
i barely have a dog in this fight and i'm still pretty sure god only speaks latin.
here it is... my thoughts on saratoga, keeneland and appealing freudie anne -
way to pat yourself on the back you fvcking limey
so she successfully managed to get away again, &amp; i'm fine w/ that, but you see the hurt &amp; loss, the wild, in her eyes, &amp; it breaks my heart.
because when you look at her you should see her as wonderful &amp; viciously alive, not this cruel habit of seclusion collapsing in on itself.
type on any bluetooth device, at any time. are you ready to meet the ?
to order it, you have to chose speckled v. non-speckled. what does that mean? the pictures look the same.
*questions that keep me up at night*
these are my best friends, tbh
we don't care. he still the police ain't he?
this is not okay. people are not supposed to be afraid walking down the streets in their own goddamned country.
you'd probably love that, wouldn't you mr. hiding-in-closets!
i learned for you and that date rape drug you used in coll...
i deleted my tweet. i meant to say using donor money for personal use is far worse than meeting with donors.
ah! now that makes sense lol
any book of mormon fans?
my friend hasn't seen it. the show did play to packed houses in salt lake city, fwiw.
from cnn spokesperson on lewandowski: "no he is not suspended. he will be on our air later today."
conflict of interest. have been saying this for months
see movie in select landmark theatres on 9/23 and by 9/27/16 for a chance to win a prize pack! tix:...
can't wait for !!
my favourite part of 'do you wanna come over' is when it sounds like she's opening a can of pepsi.
there's a moment like that in slumber party too
we can debate all day about greatest qb of alltime. but peyton is the greatest when it comes to athletes and commercials (madden, top coach)
has the potential to be the next great one, if he so chooses.
[bullhorn] "i have bullied my hair into being slightly curly"
bring back bullying
i hate how fucking stressed i am when i start a new job
what's your schedule foolio
what? models made out of belgian chocolate with magnum stamped on them?
they are making fun with
i just had my laundry done at a hotel for the first time ever. they returned it with a slip that catalogued each stain. never again.
i don't even like my therapist being that pointed
it's working but sometime making me feel a bit seasick ;)
thanks jo!!! we are working on a new streaming system now.
we divided your country. ..hahaha. now u will be again divided
jo divide parast hotey hain wo insaan parast nahi hotey
it's worth it my g!
ima have to cause alot of heat is coming out
people aren't dying. black men and women are dying. we are being slaughtered in the streets, and you would rather c...
you would much rather back your racist husband, who doesn't see race, only american people, which is racist.
my colleague will actually be there today, but he'll be cornering the coffee bar, too. ;) ~ashley
happy to meet, jillian... i'm the guy in the ceros shirt (surprise surprise)
don't give them no more chances, oh girl they had their turn
everything for a reason, there's things you had to learn from them
i prefer sweettarts, myself ;)
actually...i luv them too...the grape ones especially:)
listening to john mayer and driving with this view. doesn't get much better than that.
such a faggot
this is a great read!
*hearts for eyes* ty for sharing
wow last night i felt like death to the point i emailed work &amp; said i couldn't go in. i never do that- minus when i had food poisoning
that's how much pain i was in last night
i swear scammers are obsessed w. my girlfriend
they're more obsessed with me than you are
listening to john mayer and driving with this view. doesn't get much better than that.
speed it up
cesare battisti's case similar to patty hearst's in the "i didn't shoot anyone" excuse.
except patty hearst was protected/pardoned by 2 presidents, clear sign of privilege. battisti's privilege comes from left.
do you oxford comma when you also use &amp;? bob, lob, &amp; low or... bob, lob &amp; law
no comma before the ampersand. not even a question about it
at least it wasn't dey know
lmao just for talking shit, my spotify just disconnected from my comp and played on my phone and that song was next on my cue
don't fall for it!
i'm the last person to support that guy lol (or any politician)
you could try being a badger...
i want to cat.
agreed. i'm doing well considering. lots of writing and work on my journal. you?
too much real work. not enough writing.
you would much rather back your racist husband, who doesn't see race, only american people, which is racist.
you would much rather say all people are dying, rather than admit that black people are being murdered by police.
documenting as the unofficial staten island ! follow her here &amp; on...
, is brilliant, queen of all media w/o question. but all i see is that nasty screen. please, someone, clean it.
keith lamont scott. terence crutcher. too many others. this has got to end. -h
ist will end with you
i was told that my voice sounds like kim kardashian's by , and i don't know how i feel about that. lmao
lol, she don't sound dumb she is dumb.
everything for a reason, there's things you had to learn from them
but when i get you to myself you know what's going down, what's going down
prayer circle around trump:
why are they treating him like the messiah? will they wash his feet with oil next?
my mom said she likes trump and i said well he hates you (as in he hates all women)
so that's upsetting
oh , will you look at this beauty! polish sausage on pretzel roll with caramelized oni...
where did you get that?
me walking through the rain in a white shirt
where's the rain my dude
any update on another or raddysh?
not at the rink yet, but i plan to ask on both and jamie murray's status as well
so if my rent is $1350, do i split it 500 business and the remaining as personal?
is the $500 tax deduction per year or per month?
vagina johnny...nothing more pathetic than a male hillary supporter
you must not own a mirror, troll.
sued for. plus he received money for 9-11 it went in his pocket
i know! disgusting!
's family and the naacp talk about what the police should do after this shooting
national association of always complaining people
ha! meeting and team right now.
hah! , take good care of my neighbor.
what kinda lunatic rings the bell and pounds the door at 02:30? i was about to go out the rear window in case it was assassins or something.
that's what you get for being a high-ranking executive in a covert organization.
never on the history of usa presidential election a candidate was accused of rape.
i have been so frustrated at the for not dealing with this. you should be toast,. and you will be.
together with princeton university, we're developing new ways to collaborate on solving tomorrow's energy needs.
clean energy to use, clean air to breathe, &amp;clean water to live. cc:
have student debt? planning for college? see how much money hillary's plan would save you:
not to worry as the taxpayers will have to pay it and not hillary
hmm, would you consider that a good or bad thing?
i think it's really impressive to work at a decent size company and be able to put something so polished out.
i'm surprised at the people shocked at his gaffe in yesterday's game. that's jay bruce in the field. he's horrible in the field.
i thought it was grandy's ball, but either one should've made that play. it has to be made.
having all of the help that you need. can you tell me if the your concern is regarding vzw or vz fios? ^vm
not sure you posted a link and it didn't work.
idk if this evacuation is a drill but that's some fucked up shit if they did a drill right after a bombing here like??? we gon die
if this is my last tweet i just want y'all to know i love
in that case i'm wrong forgive me . i really not a race guy people are all equal
they are. they should be. that is why this is a problem in our country: the injustice for people of color everyday
you guys adding ssl to those website anytime soon? :d
has ssl. ap... yeah, need to deal with it.
don king stomped a man to death 50 years ago on cedar ave
as don himself is fond of saying, "only in america!"
our mid-20 bodies can't handle it anymore.
listen, arby's is on point. when you don't have access to them they are all you want.
i can't imagine how nyc people feel right now. stay safe linda
honestly we are very resilient....and take it in stride..until we don't...
can i request every1 wear either a denim jacket or vest
yo! good idea, hopefully it's back in the low 70s again
i used to wake up in the middle of the night tired af, letting you lay back on my chest while im sitting up just so you can sleep.
although it made me mad cause i had work the following morning, it also made me realize how much i loved her.
mike pence on trump's name calling: "he and i have different styles. he's new york, i'm indiana."...
thats dumb. i grew up in racist indiana, and i moved to new york. trump is racist, and they call people names in indiana.
i drove by the closest waffle house to my house this morning and there were no lights on. sos.
the fema waffle house index?
fact: donald trump used his charitable foundation to purchase *multiple* six-foot-tall paintings of himself.
can you ever tell the truth or have you been lying so long you believe your own lies
so breitbart is now openly pushing alex jones, which is a terrific look
yeesh. you know you're a fat loser when even cenk gets the better of you in a verbal exchange.
you should stop by and see how easy building conversational interfaces is :)
i will brother how's thursday or friday
because apparently while they are extinguishing .
yeah bluelivesmatter now is like saying soldierlivesmatter if a battalion massacred innocent kids
who is screaming in council chambers? stop screaming just because you want to drive fast.
people who are so ludicrously opinionated and defensive of their lifestyle choices just tire me out.
man i hope this really does happen
when was the last women's hardcore match? or ladder match? or tlc? let's see what they got!
the late great minnie...
he was a real personality and excellent player. did many things well, including being hit by pitches.
you would much rather say all people are dying, rather than admit that black people are being murdered by police.
so, go ahead and protect your flag that represents a country whose rooted in systemic oppression of black people.
i second this, keep being everything
y'all are great
come to rit
u prolly right
adam. should i eat the chocolates now leftover from dessert at ?
here are the
yes very disgusting. but his supporters don't say anything about it
i think they're deluded
a real headline about the republican nominee: "trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems."
when obama can't get his way he turns to the illegal way
do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning.
all the great ones do it! you're amazing to follow in such well respected footsteps!
i don't feed trolls or argue w fools. shit i don't even block them at this pt. lmao
hate to block the trolls bc it gives them satisfaction so instead i mute and they don't exist to me anymore
this is crazy!
lol i wasn't phased (priorities)
having some trouble with the playsinline attribute. with more than one video, only one plays. example:
but please file a bug at or with your use case; we'll look into it.
there's a cute guy in my french class and his name is alex are you kidding me i'm so triggered skfkdksjddnamsldodsjagagdxixksjabakfodnwakdbe
another faker?????
when your grandparents refer to weed as "dope"
i thought i was the only one
so i just do the first thing (only on cases matching the predicate) then do the second thing on everything. not v satisfying
hmm. maybe try: ((predicate &amp;&amp; f1) || f2)
i hope you have a beautiful day my lovely
thanks bb! it's the first day back to school. hope you have a lively day as well!!
a friend of mine and i are trying to find orgs strategizing around police abolition? do you have any suggestions?
obviously, only if you have time and if you know any off the top of your head-- otherwise, i will google harder.
you're at the right place :)
your staff by the way at this location ..super sweet. thank you for having them
sorry for the confusion.
no prob! lol
let me know folks i can recommend some books. *hoons off*
luckily we were car experts before we were apple pundits.
i have heard half he definitely has radio banter
i have everyone at work listening to it now
uh-huh. dashcam video, please. with audio enabled.
788 people killed by police in us in 2016 57 in *september* alone uk police killed 57 people over *37 years*...
ive been craving some oral electrolytes myself
shit betta cure this hangover quickt
*snaps* thats good pastor
come on somebody.
the pun there - intentional?
definitely ;)
i think national cable buy is entirely anti-trump, yeah. not surprising for narrative setting, though.
given recent push for millennial outreach, wonder if we'll start seeing policy stuff more often on hulu/youtube/etc.
four months from today, our next president will walk into the oval office. help make sure it's not donald trump:
it most vertainly will not be you, the one responsiible for all the riots. remembr how you and obama supported black lives m
what's the best example of a cash-rich tech company successfully spending a lot on capex to disrupt an existing capital-intensive business?
why even bother doing this if it would shrink margins
when i'm working on a mega-story involving dozens of files and tabs and don't shut down my computer for weeks, she get angry.
onetab helps with the tabs half
on this day in 1973, tennis champion billie jean king defeated bobby riggs in the "battle of the sexes."
and we care why
mclaren sells 1,600 cars per year, assume avg sale price of $225k = $360mm in annual sales. thats 0.16% of $aapl's...
a mclaren purchase is inconsequential to $aapl, period.
how wasteless home cooking can help solve our food crisis
we thought you might enjoy this!
classic new york shit
jennifer even said this herself, that the media needs to focus on what's going on with the world instead of a divorce
this was us trying to find each other all ezoo weekend and then randomly finding you hours later
lmfaoooooo literally!! i always got you by your hair too
yes sir! waxwork is great!
can't wait for that waxwork bluray
from sep27 to oct3, we are happy to have lightning talk at tech events in west coast. we wait for offer messages.
nice! will see what sort of event falls in that range
i needed this little miss sunshine today. also, i need to go call my dad
agreed i needed this as well thanks.
"you can leave this ad muted-there's nothing to hear." -
you ar pretty cute
heugan - he must be around for another scene
you know i am more into tobias menzies not so much sam h
oh no! we don't want you feeling this way. is there anything we can do to make this better? lets chat in a dm. *naej
figure out why you as a company dropped comms with me three times on preorder night, then told me "we're in the same boat."
are you mentally ill? or are you just trolling?
you got to go, you can't even demonstrate simple communication skills
ball is life
why is a bench player saying this
next thursday. my birthday party, on my birthday. can't wait to be around the ppl i love.
it's going down
simply: realm.objects(a.self).filter("id in %@", realm.objects(b.self).map { $0.id }) crashes w/o compiler error unlike nspred.
yeah, anywhere where the difference between lazycollection and array matters (like passing to nspredicate), you'll be impacted
de-excellent? news analysis--&gt;why so late?
responsible judges, politicians, journalists, lawyers,think-tankians, community leaders, police chiefs to be incarcerated?/;o)
the season of summer. today is the last day.
i thought you were gonna say your classes start like tomorrow i was waiting for that response
it's gross that left has come to mean "advocates for basic civil rights" and only that to both sides of the aisle.
that's the default, it's gross and weird that that's considered enough to be a full throated agenda.
this seems like something would be into
that is a chill shirt. you think i'd like it because?
that's how much pain i was in last night
but now i'm feeling like 90% better and still have time to go into work but i could just stay in and sleep/ work on my assignment
this constant ridiculization has got to stop.
i fear it may continue even after november 8th.
how wasteless home cooking can help solve our food crisis
- we'd love your input on our new video!
trump's calls to torture and mistreat prisoners go against the very values we are fighting to defend. we're better than this.
why not they kill us
when you're on the same bart train as but she doesn't see you
reveal yourself!
go find it lol i think the site is or something
don't worry - i know it very well
trump is on me????????? what the holy fuck? fuck fuck fuck you
stay true to yourself. facts don't lie. msm has given a free pass.
it's confusing to review scheduled posts that aren't in the chronological order of when they are scheduled for. can you do anything?
we completely understand &amp; appreciate your feedback. we can have your account manager reach out to discuss further.
cool venue for demo day. getting off to a great start.
that's where amy schumer does her show's standup.
but now i'm feeling like 90% better and still have time to go into work but i could just stay in and sleep/ work on my assignment
it's only an hour but watch me get worse again at work
kiefer sutherland's in a movie. brangelina is done. there was an elimination on dwts last night. coffee is healthy.
love the recap can this be a daily thing?!
exploding pressure-cooker with wires &amp; cell-phone is not a bomb, and a crowd looting, destroying property &amp; starting fires isn't a riot.
having an xy chromosome does not mean you are a man.
yea bro isn't that crazy
i fucced w shawty lo ode bacc in the day smh
this is perfect but omg you are not plant egg lmao
she was the closest i could get to someone who was off-puttingly awkward and not quirky~ lmao but we've been compared b4
shalom muthaf#.. this is the stereo podcast. listen &amp; learn
you're crazy for this one
donald hasn't given his own money to the trump foundation since 2008-but it's still paying his bills.
you really and truly don't have a clue what he is or is not doing
when you've got too much money *and* too much of it parked overseas...
half the apple execs own mp4s
isn't she ethereal?
thank u my beautiful bbs
yeah, anywhere where the difference between lazycollection and array matters (like passing to nspredicate), you'll be impacted
if we had considered this when reviewing the change, we likely wouldn't have merged it just to avoid breaking users code. sorry!
corine mack, the 's charlotte branch president, just made a key point on : it isn't about whether had a gun.
if scott did have a gun, mack contended, it's the police officer's job to de-escalate the situation. instead, he did the opposite.
clinton campaign is complaining that is against them. ha! plus, i am asked about policy all the time....
is so pro hillary it makes my stomach turn. she has tears in her eyes everyday hating on trump.
what so you can diss him and praise ggg or another white fighter??
thats wat he do man always dissing blk fighters
i will be moving away from the bay when i'm financially straight trust i'm outta here soon as i get the chance.
you ain't going no where
but it's literally us every time we try to diet
lol key word try
sandyhook was a hoax 2 further taking guns away.im from ct &amp; had friends kids in monroe&amp;newtown tht had kids who went there.bs
u stupid fucking cunt. 26 ppl died at sandy hook/ rt sandyhook was a hoax 2 further taking guns away.
"thanks, but no, thanks. i'm from new york."
"would i like to go on a hike? a hike? do you know what we call a hike in new york? we call it walking." &lt;3
please listen carefully to what had t say this morning about the man shot while holding his hands up. listen carefully.
said, "he looks like a good man. but, maybe i'm clouded because i spoke to his family earlier." wtf?? he says one (3/3)
if yanks somehow shaved 2.5 games off the o's 2nd wild card in the next 9 games vs tb, tor, bos. it'd come down to the last 3 games vs bal
. this would take sweeping the rays, taking 3/4 in toronto, and taking at least 2/3 vs boston. so yeah. 2017
throwback to the highest point of my unemployed life
i need to know which picture you chose for this bc i know this and i wanna see his ear piercings again please it's urgent
8 yrs of gop kleptocracy into 8 yrs of gop obstruction &amp; 's take seems to be "gee liberals sure are bitchy these days"
and djt is punk rock ??? tf ? that was a clear miss -
not of you
that's not whatcha girl said ...
the neocon are endorsing hrc (seebkristolbush41fordetails).ryan only lip service to try and show some sort of party unity.
their dislike of trump will not keep them from cooperating with trump on issues they agree, i.e., taxes and foreign policy
ex-sen. lieberman: un should treat rouhani as pariah, not honored guest
us govt pours $ into this boiling cauldron of jew hatred. then potus deplores israel while praising himself.
fluoride in water 'linked to hypothyroidism', new study finds via
firstly let me say i appreciate you do indeed have a source for your claim and thanks for sharing!
easier said than done love
i know but try lol
stop 5 out of 8
getting out early :)
this looks delicioso (as they say in peru), when's the release?
look out for it in mid october. draft and 16oz cans.
hey, . your traffic is absurd. literally kill yourself.
i'm on vacation in nyc. a. chicago, worse than socal, b. ;)
it's time to tell that wall street works for main street-not the other way around.
it is also true that you have gotten several donations from wall street
but if you both can and can't do something then you're free!!!1!one
*sobs* i don't want to be free, i just want to do the thing!
please try this in terminal: rm -rf ~/library/containers/com.tapbots.tweetbotmac/data/library/caches
we're all set; love you guys.
team meeting..
permanent mission of nigeria to the in collaboration with invites you to a side event on ...
you're hands down my favorite person on the internet
that is truly an honor :')
so, go ahead and protect your flag that represents a country whose rooted in systemic oppression of black people.
here's: an example. the wwe, 90% of the executive staffing are white. the majority of wrestlers, are white.
i'll be back in one second
reemerges 20 mins later w a piece of toilet paper stuck to my shoe
if trump wins it will be in part because the media has spent the greater part of the last 30 years tearing her down.
the gop with media's help has propagated lies upon lies about the clintons for decades. don't be surprised when many people believe them.
really hope charlene barshefsky is "china czar" under a president clinton
i really hope there is a president clinton
he could have just gone and found the person and be like "say my name, yo."
ack yes i hate it when the plot is contrived to make characters misunderstand each other
new: used more $250k+ from his charity to pay off legal settlements of his for-profit businesses.
can you prove this
about a month ago i reversed into moms car and now i just used her car and reversed into my car :/
in my own driveway like u good???
said, "he looks like a good man. but, maybe i'm clouded because i spoke to his family earlier." wtf?? he says one (3/3)
thing then immediately takes it back with his next statement. he's good but maybe not??? (3/3)
did not expect that ending
really? i did i can see any twist from a mile away
live on : panel one: bots for dummies
make sure to stream the demo!
you can't speak sense into an ignorant rat who's married to a racist rat.
no, i'm gonna show them, they're gonna have to see this.
if we had considered this when reviewing the change, we likely wouldn't have merged it just to avoid breaking users code. sorry!
but it is more correct imo. and now that it's shipped, i don't think we'll be reverting it.
good track. i saw an apple bus. listen to inside my mind (blue skies) by groove armada on .
but i couldn't start the microsoft camera app fast enough. 1gb ram is sad!
how wasteless home cooking can help solve our food crisis
- we thought this might interest you!
gonna try and make one of them "real talk" commentaries later today.
oh snap. tease me!
memorize the notes in back of chapter then underline their points during lecture ,can't know a whole text book!
you have to know the whole book in law school
that's why she gets awarded that much for it, right?
144 awards? yes. for her rapping, not singing. also she is not overrated like others...
google predicts i'll arrive by 11am but i always beat google. either google isn't personalizing or i'm converging on the speed of light!
google alway beats me in the car, but i smoke that lady on my bike
driggs, idaho. pop. 1,657. tiny, store-front, public library doing diversity &amp; taking my recs! ...
you!!!!! you absolute treasure :)
lady gaga is now on the level of demi lovato, fifth harmony. please stop comparing her to big artists like beyonc, austin mahone, adele etc
honey, austin mahone isn't even in he level 5h or demi, at least they have albums. have a seat.
when evaluating using a new lib or service, consider how you'd do it yourself. then judge based on how much extra complexity they impose
and i guess that's a compelling reason to know data structures, algorithms, and the magic behind existing solutions.
for all those curious. i was in the hospital last night that is why no video. i thank you guy but some of you need to chill.
everything okay?
breaking | dozens of protesters are breaking into the walmart on north tryon street.
undocumented shoppers, if you please.
. coded an incredible performance last night at
mind blown seeing this the first time!! awesome stuff.
i find that "not provided by comcast" is at the top of my list of things i want from my internet connection.
they're very behaved and value competitive in sf - too many viable alternatives
why are some white people are scared of black people ? what is it that scares them ? the skin color? what?
based on tanning they love the color maybe they just don't want to be on equal standing with us
and every country america has ever bombed feels the exact same way
what do we have here, a little child of the anti america propaganda machine? america is the only country tolerating yr bs
first pitch-last scene together: roger remembers don's definition of happiness, and leaves him with that wish...
that's awesome... thanks!
another unarmed black man was shot in a police incident. this should be intolerable. we have so much work to do. -h
you and obama started this whole thing. you both supported back lives matter and now look at what is going on
at least you can't see the croissant crumbs that were def in my hair when that pic was taken
that's just a practical way of saving perfectly fine croissant crumbs for later. screen thing is unforgivable.
don king uses the n-word while introducing donald trump during an event in a church
its not going to work this time. enter the ny subway and u see folks refer themselves as "niggas" so its not new. stay on msg
today we discovered that the classroom guinea pig in nina's new school is also named "nina"
also "ruby the snake" is "back from vacation" but now she hides inside a "fake skull"
here's: an example. the wwe, 90% of the executive staffing are white. the majority of wrestlers, are white.
the white wrestler, randy, in ring with the black wrestler, kofi. the white wrestler gets frustrated at minor mistake.
i thought the bet was loser wears a vote for hillary shirt
omg that's torture...i'd rather wear a michigan shirt..lol
i was hoping someone would go there ;)
i'm so hungover i didn't get the innuendo. i need to call it a day. you're a bad boy james
clinton's campaign manager tangles with joe scarborough
it would been nice if go this hard on trump about his tax returns and gv specifics to his policies
you can see the glaringly empty areas on my map here: anyone have more impressive maps?
i wish i could say my map was as full as yours. you should give aus/nz a try though.
the neocon are endorsing hrc (seebkristolbush41fordetails).ryan only lip service to try and show some sort of party unity.
trump advisors, both economic and foreign, are not doves and friendly to the poor. hrc's policies are much more progressive.
the gop with media's help has propagated lies upon lies about the clintons for decades. don't be surprised when many people believe them.
for all of trump's claims of media bias, they've only just begun turning on him. they turned on her in the 90's. there's the bias.
another unarmed black man was shot in a police incident. this should be intolerable. we have so much work to do. -h
what about the white people that are killed by balcks, we never hear that
because there'd be as many sources for a flag incident at a soccer match as there'd be for an event like that
yet you went with a story with a single source you clearly didn't bother to check.
iphone arriving two weeks early on friday so i can break it at the drake concert on saturday. lit lit lit.
that is mos def peterican style
fluoride in water 'linked to hypothyroidism', new study finds via
now is among certain uk "gutter press" papers. they cash in on sensationalism
the white wrestler, randy, in ring with the black wrestler, kofi. the white wrestler gets frustrated at minor mistake.
the white wrestler goes and complains to those execs who are again, 90% white.
people actually do shit like this?
ive witnesses
i can tell harley is having trouble breathing because of her pneumonia. half of my possessions are flooded.. chris is in sf... why me
probably, but she's a mix of dog breeds that have breathing problems genetically
if you missed my questions for ceo john stumpf on his gutless leadership earlier today, take a look.
i dream of consulting you for the most effective way to take economic action in protest against racist murders of unarmed blacks
ooooh! a better question might be what's your favorite cocktail?
a perfect old fashioned.
how fast is hurd gonna run? i feel like he'll surprise me with his 40, but when he's stretched to the sideline it feels like slo mo to me
it's weird that he has been purported as such a freak. i think he's ok but nothing special.
trump cannot be trusted with his own charity, but we are supposed to believe he can manage the nation's treasury?
llook how long it took you to release your foundation
you gonna have to find yahself a new habibi
haha i've never met her so imma dead this. when i do though
trying to send video to you. check 1st video on my page plz. about trump rape case
ok i will look
do you oxford comma when you also use &amp;? bob, lob, &amp; low or... bob, lob &amp; law
i don't. and i'm a hard core oxford guy.
oreo is a literal waking brain &amp; she hates statistics lol so it's not just me
so ima just assume it ain't get any better, huh
theory: moved to gracie mansion because his conscience couldn't take his security detail taking up 2...
two spots to help save the neighborhood from the indignity of parklets or citibike seems like a worthy sacrifice ;-)
fluoride in water 'linked to hypothyroidism', new study finds via
i'll defer to our friend the chemist, but as a layman, i know to be skeptical of daily mail...
the white wrestler goes and complains to those execs who are again, 90% white.
those same white execs, pulls the plug on the black man receiving a push, because his white counterpart complained.
girl you look good with yah back that ass up
you a fine motherfucka won't you back that ass up
people probably think i'm weird when i walk around the arc instead of going inside. naw nigga, ima fail if i walk i...
i should delete this before black women call me dusty for slandering them
i'm so used to them i either work 7-3:30 or 3-11 hahaha
nope fuck that haha i only do this shift on wednesdays
the stadium or your dog?
lmao she stadium
where are you located? facebook link not working
state st near frontier field.
gang gang? word? that's how we rolling on sunday? lol
you know we gotta fuck it up lol
but the es6 spec seems to be too complex to have an abridged version of
yeah, what i'd like is some kind of links between spec language &amp; the es-discuss threads and / or meeting notes that produced it
i think it really depends on the venue. the value of q&amp;a diminishes as theatricality, scale, heterogeneity increase.
at a small workshop, the unrehearsed interactive part at the end is often the best part
you a fine motherfucka won't you back that ass up
call me big daddy won't yah back that ass up
you don't want these problems sterling! these hands work!
yeah for patty cake and numbers. that's about it.
"our identities do not have to be defined by putting someone else down but can be enhanced by lifting someone else up" - at
oh yea tell that to the black mobs that are causing havok all oover the usa. whites are loosing total con
good morning loves!
good morning! great post. have an amazing day
you're in manhattan? nice
whereas i spend most of my time in .
call me big daddy won't yah back that ass up
girl who is you playing with back that ass up
the dispossessed, or bloodchild (short stories collection) (ursula le guin, octavia butler) - both sci-fi though.
have always wanted to read something but either woman!
those same white execs, pulls the plug on the black man receiving a push, because his white counterpart complained.
only to return later with a gimmick given to him by the wwe, as happy, black, shucking and jiving, pastors.
i busted your balls a bit about the rangers last yr , but i need a hockey team . mentor me
welcome aboard. pre season starts sunday
tbf, jerry porter was a dick and deserved it. he also had issues with callahan. porter was the common denominator
let me just butt in here and say fuck jerry porter. i can't stand that guy after what he did to the black hole
if we are dealing with dogs who don't understand peace. and use terrorist they don't deserve humanity
same dogs killed 80 innocent human beings in kashmir recently haina?
well i'll be down in the city tonight i need to see yo face
yesssssss!!!! for freaking sure, tere and i will meet you up wherever you're gonna be. where are you going?
holy crap! i love this game so much. the potential is incredible!
i've only played for a bit. haven't had a chance to really dig in yet. but so far i like it!
"no one has the right to immigrate to this country." -donald trump during his rally in florida today we disagree.
especially the khan's
i hate you yonkers females lol
your avi&gt;
nyc edition this thursday? any chance you'll are free. i'm nyc bound tomorrow!!
i'm down! :)
oh noooo! is it just your tv or the whole aircraft?
the whole aircraft
remind john berman that larry wilmore used the n-word at the white house correspondents dinner &amp; call berman a hypocrite.
didn't think of it. but there is a "pass" that certain people get
i started outlining stranger things fan fiction to ' i feel like ten men, nine dead and one dying
this might have something to do with their show at the fillmore tonight
don king the man, not the myth! powerful words and endorsement for trump.
don king doesn't do anything without being paid - and paid well.
of course it is appalling. that is the point. reason hasn't worked. talking hasn't worked.
lillian isn't at risk. if she was jewish, gay, latino, native american, black she would understand
last time i saw don king he told me he thinks reince priebus doesn't like black people
guess $$$$$ speaks volumes &amp; changes opinions!
but the es6 spec seems to be too complex to have an abridged version of
there are many specific requirements in es6 that are enumerated without motivation or details
the worst fighter aircraft of all time
worse than the brewster buffalo?
pls tell me this news is fake!
we'll be reading "you can now buy a mclaren in rose gold"
when peterson missed bulk of 2014, mckinnon and asiata combined for 277 carries, 1,108 yards, and 9 tds. not too shabby.
mckinnon, by all measure, is most athletic running back in the nfl. just very raw and underutilized
only to return later with a gimmick given to him by the wwe, as happy, black, shucking and jiving, pastors.
because all black wrestlers have to be happy and dancing. why? because..racism.
doing good work and enjoying friends from around the world in so paulo!
so proud of all of you!
not his money
right.trump was given opportunity to avoid a fine by making a donation &amp; did it with other people's money
so, i'd never advocate for mass flagging. like ever. but i'll make an exception for this nonsense.
maybe we all should flag this initial video until something gets across? doubtful.
"you want to give me a good send-off? go vote." -barack obama:
my send off to you is for you to go to hell
hahaha....gilmore's wife is hilarious.
what she said? he the best cb in the league?
this dude never sent beats ordered from him so beware
you should shop with me ii have instant delivery
ok, sell me on your stuff. looking to get this bad boy nice and soft.
damn, i have a ton of catching up to do
you are so bad you're good!
hahaha! that's the scott-effect: ouch!
fluoride in water 'linked to hypothyroidism', new study finds via
so let me point to a very important line buried in the article. it could be...
realizing after this session at just how much antigay bullying as a teen hurt my relationship to fitness and my own body.
we are honored to restore and heal that relationship. you've been an outstanding client my dude
hey . you keep asking yourself how to work on equity. try reading this article for starters.
. and of course i know that poc are a part of your staff. doesn't change the fact that we aren't represented by your actions.
and then don king dropped the n-word ...
i have posted it before. is owed a shit load of royalties for this election cycle.
like dem nuh knw the diff between royalty and mere peasants
this was my actual face lol
the fortenbaugh power ratings. up next on
*broncos should be 2-0, panthers 1-1.
does weiner even care anymore that the public is going to find out about this stuff?
he enjoys it. it's called "exhibitionism". a pleasurable sexual perversion
'locked the black b*tch out': north dakota students' racist snapchat exposes dorm harassment
trump nation!
if u wanna see a fucking war look up tito trinidad vs fernando vargas
bruh i remember those fights. tito was a savage. vargas was one of my favorite boxers.
why is putting your major in your bio relevant?
thank you.. and/or relationship status
today we passed 1,500 5-star reviews on ! thanks to our fantastic colleagues for keeping our valued cust...
we would love for you to participate in so we can rt your reviews onto our page &amp; showcase your biz :)
the thing that keeps getting to me is this: we all know how slow publishing moves, right? and how long manuscripts take to even write??
so how the f*ck did angela thomas write this however long ago and it's. still. relevant.
so you just want to switch places? so you can be the killer? gimme a break.
again, lillian, i hear no suggestions from you. what would you propose to stop these racist murders?
nobody in america should have to forgo a higher education because they can't afford it.
do you even realize that the things they do most is to party and they hae no responsibility
notice no comment from michelle...lmao
my bf would throw me out of the house...bet or not..lol
voter registration deadlines are quickly approaching. don't miss out, register to vote right now!
i wouldn't vote for you to take the farts out of my bedsheets, you worthless, useless piece of trash!!!!
police sources: school officials verify pressure cooker but say it was science experiment
- i live in glen head and i want to say thank you for the updates!
i know real parents tht didn't know the known paid actor parents, tht kids didnt c anything &amp; brought a therapist 2 brainwash
i wont even debate this with u u stupid fucking cunt. i pray ur family is murdered and someone calls it a hoax
dab and blunt to the face
thought you don't smoke fool
same that hurts a nigga. he be like, "what you mean enjoy life ?"
lmaoo d.a they be so hurt like you deadass!
fluoride in water 'linked to hypothyroidism', new study finds via
given that a mountain of respectable studies and experiments exist, it's probably not a thing.
now donte moncrief out 4-6 weeks with shoulder injury. phillip dorset needs to be universally owned. superb start this week against sd.
traded james white for dorsett yesterday, full ppr and i'm the moncrief owner. good trade?
tbh not really sure yet but i'll head down earlier just so i can see you first !!
okay baby just let me know we'll finally get to burn at central park if anything haha
for anyone unaware: happy , your annual reminder not only that we exist but also that many of us aren't even succubi or bond villains
i would even argue that *most* bi folks aren't bond villains. but i don't really have any empirical evidence.
i'm wearing sandals and just washed my car:( life hates me
i'm literally in shorts
this is probably the most ignorant part of trump's campaign. nafta has significantly improved the lives of almost e...
nafta undercut the bargaining power of us workers, which had driven the expansion of the middle class since the end of wwii
barack obama said progress is on the ballot this november. this economic data shows he's right.
did he really say that or are you just telling us another lie as that is all we get from you
. attends a trump rally to catch up on all the hottest conspiracy theories.
uneducated white male!!
we're excited to have you onboard - welcome to the team!
thanks errol
why is he (kejriwal) so insecure that he prefers one-time mla to contest polls &amp; not a four-time mp, ask the sidhus
bjp fail2install roadrage acusd mole did uor anyother "journalists" q why madam navjot kaur still in bjp?
quick poll: raise your hand if you know what an "escape room" is slash if you've ever been in one before
we have been planning to go to one with work, but never ended up going yet.
big thanks to for giving us robbie reyes, and to for rocking him ...
never ceases to be my favorite avenger.
uk police generally don't carry guns so the 'ability' to kill is far less. not that that's an excuse.
proving the prevalence of guns in us is a big part of the problem
so you just want to switch places? so you can be the killer? gimme a break.
lillian, ebonstorm said he's playing devil's advocate to get you to see the forest for the trees.
welp, this is how she looked when i put her on the bus. this should be interesting.
shes freakin adorable
if i stayed up playing vg all night i wudnt have missed my plane.
put me in coach.
obama's half brother is backing donald trump
he's known obama was a phony from the get go!
trump on tulsa officer: "did she get scared? was she choking?.. people that do that maybe they can't be doing what...
presidential candidate afraid of press conferences or disclosure of tax returns - "maybe [he] can't be doing what [he's] doing."
because all black wrestlers have to be happy and dancing. why? because..racism.
so now, go take care of your husband. it's clear he hasn't recovered from the elbow the other racist gave him weeks ago
fluoride in water 'linked to hypothyroidism', new study finds via
but my next step would be to read up on the reactions of people who know much more than i about this
lo, we just had the release party in brooklyn last night. off to richmond and on saturday.
wish you the best, but booooooo!
george hw bush announced that he will be endorsing clinton. poppy bush. grandpa. the skydiver. unbelievable.
. the nazi collaborator and financier
so how the f*ck did angela thomas write this however long ago and it's. still. relevant.
this pain is unbearable, how long have black people born it? not just months, centuries!
every so often i think about veggie tales, why did we need a cucumber and a tomato to explain the story of samson?
to this day, i sing "oh, where is my hair brush" every single morning
you don't even know what bigotry is. take your bs liberal utopian fantasies for a long walk off a short pier.
lmao you are a fucking idiot us cops kill more people in a few days than other countries do in years
giants injury report: rb rashad jennings (thumb), rt marshall newhouse (calf), dt robert thomas (illness).
what is the deal with robert thomas?
if you haven't tried salsa on eggs you're prob missing out.
that's awful
not sure. so many vendors already.
tell me something one can bring to pakistan from the us and sell
the media bias against hrc and in favor of trump is beyond shameful and deplorable
true. a great read. sad.
oh my god this is brilliant
skittlesbabi11.
didn't need my alarm this morning. was woken by thunder claps that only took two mississippi's to shake the house.
that's like the one thing i miss about wisconsin: the thunderstorms. (and rain in general)
can you read, that proposal was , stated she isn't dealing with lott without involved &amp; md dgaf about 510
ricky is a fucking moron
trump has disavowed david duke. per , there are many more racists and extremists whom he hasn't.
anti-abortion crusader troy newman is another extremist whom trump hasn't disavowed. we should ask him about that.
so, this is horrifying.
dude needs serious help, and likely incarceration.
shutting down the government isn't very popular with the american people. you'd think the republicans would've learned that by now.
funniest thing you've said today. they still won't admit causing the recession in 2007. but they hate we are recovering.
by the way, what are you doing next saturday?
lol.. usually don't plan that far ahead, but so far nothing
i judge compatibility with someone based on whether or not they're a part of the vaporwave sadposting facebook group
you're welcome.
not to be "but my community is better" or anything but an example of doing that well is rustlang.
i think it's a lot easier if you bake that kind of thing in from the start (&amp; also aren't shipping huge spec changes)
those human being where being poisoned by your dogs. you do proxy war. you want publicite but won't implement 1st
un will decide who is poisoning who
nafta undercut the bargaining power of us workers, which had driven the expansion of the middle class since the end of wwii
nafta's result has been 20 years of stagnant wages and the upward redistribution of income, wealth and political power.
well, if that was yr first doom patrol story, i can see how you'd be confused. but, i think that was the intention.
paul! comics shouldn't be confusing! paul! why are comics hard!? i don't get it so i'm mad! just so so mad! (i'll try , tho)
it's almost october and i can't name 10 great rap albums that dropped this year. i can barely pick 5. hip-hop needs to do better.
i felt more excited last year. thought it would open up this year. but that mumble shit hit hard breh.
fluoride in water 'linked to hypothyroidism', new study finds via
imo in general, one can almost ignore single studies sensationalized in the press, doubly so.
says that moving a data center to the cloud allows about 25% of the kit to be retired as it was used to just r...
actually i never said that. i think you're the wrong ctp. :)
black people are instilling fear in police officers.they know that much bigger chance of dying when dealing with a black.
really? i guess that probability would justify killing a man. he's black, go figure! take several seats please
find out how much hillary's college plan will save you:
boo hoo mo one forced them to go. in my day if you couldn't afford it you just didn't go
milwaukee inmate dies of dehydration in jail operated by sheriff clarke
this repugnant cretin hates black ppl so much, it was only a matter of time that he'd start exterminating us in his jail.
&lt;screams silently&gt;
not so silent. just cracked my screen.
hahaha! that's the scott-effect: ouch!
jennie, did u watch pence spoke in rain last night? very powerful and touching! pence 2024!
story of my life :(
it's annoying af. like he'll just call me when to go in
reviews are important for our business and we're overjoyed with the amount of positive comments on :...
thanks for sharing! be sure to post more like this every week on so we can rt them on our page!
shan has improved my life a lot but by far her greatest contribution was showing me the it g ma remix
paak's verse over everything tho
just want to hear goo goo dolls "iris...
definitely taking credit for that one.
i'm sorry you had to suffer the cancer of democracy, human rights, personal freedom and science.
fun fact, in most societies, you would be killed for speaking to a man like that. still cancerous? nah...
reason i love idtheater: the ads and are the most supportive ads i know.
love you too tira!! thanks for being a
"she wasn't better, just different..."
you know all about that.
i'll say this because i'm fair and it's true: i [mostly] agree with trump here.
it's weird that in many ways trump is very moderate, and in many others the hitler comparisons are not inaccurate.
you joining the ps4 family bruh
it's only right. a few weeks from now. but i don't know if i should back track 10 years of gaming of just start off fresh
maybe we could each get a subscription? from
yeah - what app?
maybe because india would never want ns to step down, hence they divert the attention, just maybe.
oh come on this isn't how it works
until you type your password into slack accidentally because your muscle memory thinks you need to unlock your mac
pretty sure i'd never pushover straddle derrick cogwheel frogman
the go plus doesn't do any kind of distance tracking for eggs dude
i've been using it for the last couple days and it seems to be tracking distance in the background for everything up until then.
oh i'm down for that. i'm off at 7 where you gonna be around?
most likely either central park or the food festival, either one babe but i think the food festival
there is a magazine in italy just for men of a certain age. i've seen it with my own eyes.
and for 'fantastic' men too
and it is up now: cc:
i've just been corrected...hotz claims he's using a 16mp forward camera.
helped me decide to get started on the kind of work i want to do now instead of waiting for someone to hire me to do it.
love it! keep on creating!
why donald trump's 'blind trust' plan won't work by
this should just disqualify him period. conflict of interest.
huh. tbh, i'd never heard of him before this morning.
converted qb from gsu in 2014. pound for pound best athlete in the nfl at the rb position.
my 3ds is getting a lot of play time this fall and winter!
that was some nice money i had once.
i diss billy joe saunders and canelo and they are white fighters
they spanish not white u stay dissing blk fighters mayweather an so on i watch ur videos an at times im like this
go to and register to vote today. register your friends. register everyone you know.
i will vote for the first time, voted for bush, but i am going to make sure i vote in this election
network relationship co mobilize raises $6.5m: | via
congrats!
the weirdest part about designing props for tv is that they often have to look like everyday bad design
loving that city word lockup tho
i steered clear of college and creeps like you for this exact reason.
love is sting with me.
how long should we wait before say: hey, maybe you should stop killing us now? we don't like it.
here's a little article for lillian, to show her why we have to fight:
here comes twitter
last wk: twitter streams nfl this wk: twitter streams prez debates reason to be long $twtr: they're moving again
more like a ~yawn~ mower
this is a bad tweet
and here i was thinking people didn't like track because it was too tame.
lol, hilarious
u face terrorist attack each day in pak. yet u support them.. they killed ur 100s of children in peshawar
lo ji i face terrorist attacks yet i support them also? what logic is that lol :)
it's a trivet
thanks lol. i meant that there was a mickey mouse one. haha
dope. we have something in common! you can ask your mother, she calls me a human tripod. ;)
for little boy!?
my family is so cute guys i'm finally 21
that is so cute!! happy birthday love!
game prolly dropped the greatest diss record of all time
most unwarranted as well but still the goat
copy, say less my mans.
i really want tacos now tho.
happy to host in and looking forward to welcoming you in november
we can't wait!
hard to believe that, in future, it will be possible to create massive value from publicly available data. proprietary data is everything.
data only matters if you act on it, regardless of the source
leave me alone and go sit back on your uncle donny's knee like he asked!
your new daddy.
i diss billy joe saunders and canelo and they are white fighters
this uncletom ass nigga dissing blk fighters for views smfh at u hommie go bleach ur fucking skin
cleveland also about to do this right now: "avenue where don king stomped man to death to be named don king way"
my god. what is wrong with cleveland?
u face terrorist attack each day in pak. yet u support them.. they killed ur 100s of children in peshawar
indian raw leader already admitted that india is funding the taliban
you have no idea whether that's what happened - none of us do - that's the point, and your tweet not remotely relev...
police work for isil....they are paid to kill us
well, i'll give it to max, i haven't seen this approach before...
cmon pete, let's get this kid a leica!!!
oh really!? wow,i never knew that. fuck that dude then.no wonder he doesnt come back to the raiders alumni dinner
he still lives in alameda man. if i ever see him i'm gonna make sure to let him know he ain't a real raider.
it seems like your image uploader for cards isn't working
update: it works after turning off adblocker
if james/nicole are f2 will they be the worst (game play only) final 2 in the history of big brother?
bb15 f3 will always be the worse, imo!
rudy giuliani tells us how we got here. via
rudy is certifiable
casey brinke seems to be the reader's stand in so to speak, so your confusion mirrors her's as a character in the story.
true, true. she's the new character in the doom patrol story, right? (though i felt the end of the issue was a bit forced...)
. i am entirely sick of him and this especially considering how similar rod is to..
charles dean bryant, who has been arrested for the violent murder of a young woman, their ig are so similar
the default reaction of our community to jump down the throats of anyone reporting problems isn't good for any of us - customers or apple.
agreed, although i do think that "reporting problems" and "tweeting" aren't always the same things
i hope that's the least thing they're worried about right now they need to provide emotional support to the kids
i hope so too. but best believe he didn't leave behind a will. so they definitely have something to worry about.
sorry haven't watched the movie yet but i'm sure did an amazing job wats hareems role? don't c her in cast on imdb
tell me something that can be sold in pakistan from the us
- she screws up. he should be far ahead by now! 3/3
kinda agree his lack of polish early hurt
i know, i know. but still!
i'm just saying. if i was a business owner i'd do the same. makes sense for them. not for us.
thanks for sharing my story!! can't wait to and share story...
we have never seen this! can not deal with this gif - it's awesome! imagine in a tut...
"i put my pants on just like the rest of you -- one leg at a time. except, once my pants are on, i make gold records."
christopher walken on blue oyster cult, but, also applicable to . congrats, my guy
for what it's worth, since i started chatting with him i've been learning how to use force lightning
stop telling people!
i was thinking me - but now i'm also curious what you'd say for yourself.
i fear i don't know you well enough. but, i didn't want to just fire off 3 for me and disappear.
your working with some ass yah you bad yah
girl you working with some ass yeah ya bad yeah
this whole corbyn leadership challenge debacle has been p fun, thanks labor party centrists!!
i'm s'posed to worry about p-tics in other nations as well? i'm gonna break out with worry warts.
ivory tower project ( ) - guilty (you're the one) :: tune in:
tyvm: 4the +
i'm leaving my spot between the benches, to be right beside you today bucc! holy jumpin!
where is going? between the pipes?
sorry, i plan to defer at least 5 times, just like our idol, the magical &amp; brave mr. donny!
man up already. he's 70 so do it for your country.
cc can u confirm the load in/out is no good?
speaking of chi, that bg show at lincoln hall was the best. that (impromptu?) "one more set" intro to start set 2 is so fun
haha! its okay i understand. when looking for where i first seen the statement, i noticed all stories came from uk
it's fun to engage with a young, inquisitive, concerned mind! i'd like to hear from more experts in these fields
u support murders of ur own children..shame on u.
you support those who murdered my children - shame on you
angelina jolie has filed for divorce from brad pitt... he wants the china; she wants pax and maddox. #
you fucking racist
you are assuming. and you know what they say about assuming ?
you support individuals who openly flout existing criminal statutes based on idea logical grounds. that's not an assumption.
from sep27 to oct3, we are happy to have lightning talk at tech events in west coast. we wait for offer messages.
here's one meetup on 9/27 in sf with people
jatras: usual pattern: instant accusation of guilt nevermind weighing who might have done it. cui bono? via
jatras intervw characterizes us media, adm on &amp; has fresh perspective on how it's being covered
hahha! let's see this kid put some skin in the game j remember saving up for my first camera, not starting a gofundme.
so many better ways to save up for a camera and get one for cheap. kids these days...
it often feels like the apple ecosystem has become the same convoluted mess i left windows for being.
we need a new os then!
i feel like that's not healthy and you should get that checked out tbh
yeah my whole leg is on fire but i'm a guy so you know guess fuck it
location, safety and (non) strangers in gay men's narratives on 'hook-up' apps -
i wish i still had the ability to get journal articles for free...
in these challenging times, there is always more that unites us than divides us; chief among them is faith. our prayers to tulsa &amp; charlotte
mike pence is dick cheney,...they give christianity a bad name
charles dean bryant, who has been arrested for the violent murder of a young woman, their ig are so similar
like thank you for calling out this behavior as not funny, not okay, and dangerous because it really is
this pain is unbearable, how long have black people born it? not just months, centuries!
remember how all those books about gay folks being unable to marry became dated within a couple years? don't get me wrong, i'm glad, but.
i want brianna to ask why she's blocked so i can send her a screen shot of her slandering title fight
she told me to check ur twitter to see why she was blocked
brand new sign on san antonio near our house. i guess the person hanging it was asleep?
either that or we're going to be:
with me not be bored never.
i'd be ready for round 2
ok and. i didn't tweet that josh did.
bro chill out it was a joke no need to get all salty
(fortunately it was the private slopes slack, which only has me as a member (allll byyy myyyy seeelf ) )
wow, do you get a lot of utility out of a one-person slack? i guess i do messenger myself quite a lot as a sort of airdrop.
100% agree! but there definitely room to right the ship if folks involved are properly motivated.
given the length &amp; complexity of es6's incubation, it would be a lot of work. there were ~10 long threads for `super`.
cauvery dispute: tamil nadu hails supreme court verdict as historic, asks centre to act
cauvery dispute or any other irrigation water dispute is weakening national bindings tears are of gods for food for all why qurell?
looks like a great party!
yes, it was! i hope you can attend next year.
unintentional skeuomorphic v. flat design in apple music.
a candidate for
ever wonder what it's like to be the 'designated survivor'? me too!
there is a great segment on about designated survivors. give it a listen too.
that i shall continue to do. mama raised too much of a gentleman
some females take advantage of that.
shit hit fan huh. one show left
yea im all caught up now..... p.s. since when u been on twitter?
look at the numbers of shootings in chi this vs all of uk. you're comparing apples n oranges
yeah, reduce all of it. apples all apples
unfortunately still don't think tennessee is gonna beat uf tbhh
they'll get them this year.
love the organic pattern. is that something you planned out or did it form naturally?
not planned. very organic process. you never get exactly the same result
it's good once i leave here we can fasho match
just text me when you leave
this is my favorite broly cosplay lol
that ain't no cosplay!
good song to hunt pokmon to. no link from the ios app. sad! bug! listen to everybody by shinee on .
sadly, i had to turn around because i forgot to put sunscreen on, or bring a hat. at&amp;t internet works great on stevens creek trail though!
i am on the beef johnston bandwagon! ?
you say hillshire, i say farm. hillshire! farm! go meat!
the fact no one is horrified by this,not the potential next president,not a "pastor."in fact they're laughing at th...
you sound so surprised tara!! haven't you been watching this "deplorable" man for months. will not change. he could win.
hahaha i love you.
and i love any member of the echelon family
that being said i am david, nate, and ruth fisher
claire, brenda, david over here
important question: does sfo have a popeyes and is it open?
also an important question: does bangkok have an location?
i will find and watch now. thank you!!
i have a link on my facebook. my facebook link is on my tweeter! :)
girl you working with some ass yeah ya bad yeah
i know he messed up but let a real nigga make it right, let a real nigga make it right
ooh, i'm interested in the pumpkin lasagna! got a link or something to the recipe?
it's in a vegetarian cookbook i picked up. i'll take a pic of it for you
100% agree! but there definitely room to right the ship if folks involved are properly motivated.
and that doesn't even include the 3 or 4 presentations to tc39 f2fs about it in 2015 alone
requiring de-escalation training of every young underclass black male would reduce black on black crime immediately.
you sir are a coward. you have the platform to put a stop to this but you say nothing but what benefits you. shame on you!
but honestly do it. and give it to me as an early bday present
ur birthday passed ok my birthday is coming up sooner
that's when you know it's real! plus, things are sweeter when you get to share, right?
totally! 30 days until the wedding! it's getting real
how would you suggest i try to verify that claim
not that hard ..
trivia question: of players with at least 550 plate appearances in 2016, which has the lowest wins above replacement?
does he start for the ?
i can definitely understand this. i'm still very upset that montella got rid of menez (again)
just so ready for new ownership to see if teams rudderless ship takes any direction
where do i find the red, white and black ones?
the nike app would be your best bet on release day. they all come out within days of each other smh
i hope so man, i see it as really a toss up and tennessee always finds a way to blow it lmao
true but uf has zero offense even worst than usual
trump says america has been lifted from some of its darkest moments by "the miracle of faith"
the darkest of all, of course, being donald trump.
im not saying this is gonna be the best movie of all time but i am saying it might be.
not sure what the argument that this won't be the best movie of all time would be exactly
and what if you are a steppin' and fetchin', self-hatin' soul-sellin', do-anything-for-a-dollar n----....
karen don king hasn't ruined and rape more black men and athletes than drugs. massa and mafia house slave
i've had as many papers to write in the past 2 weeks than i had to write all of last year
welcome to college
happy birthday
pls go away
you know if you want me to, im over there in a second.
you be having other priorities.
it's showtime! this fall's must-see comedy premieres tonight at 8:30|7:30c on abc.
looking forward to the premier!
i'm serious about this .. from time to time i'll ask stupid questions don't mock me ok
i would neva!! there are no stupid questions when it comes to hockey. unless you're cooner
right?? doing great man! you?
yes sir. really good. your son is growing up dude!
apple's not making a car, they're making a fleet. why call an uber when you could call an apple.
why stop there, maybe they should start farming bananas! why buy a chiquita when you could buy an ibanana.
today a whole bunch of hicks started chanting trump's disgraceful name directly at me
omg !!! now i would have popped off if that happened to me.
yeah u good. shit i been to court high as a kite rt : wait, is it safe to go the drs office high?
oh alright thanks, i don't wanna be bugging.
been telling myself for years that i'm going to go to the mothman festival. thinking 2017 may finally be my year...
i didn't realize how far away it was. i wanted to go last weekend. then saw how long the drive would be
they need to be held responsible. we shouldn't just accept corruption, that is idiotic.
theyre peo not gods &amp; we must be realistic that they make mistakes, fall prey to temptations
this bong costs $65,000:
the original jester graffix?
meeting canceled ?
to anyone reading this i highly recommend using pomodoro time. really puts you in an efficient mindset:
we shared an article . you clearly have an opinion on. but to assume how we feel about the issue is still an assumption.
i repeat, you openly support lawbreakers, based on ideological grounds. in most cases i concur, but that's not the issue.
he woke up with me for a morning snack and then fell back to sleep
such a difficult life for the doog...
absolutely. that's why i ask all my friends and family to send me those emails. :-)
i have a huge family. need to get them to send me emails too!
something about you is a great thing for people who are trying hard not to be alone but they just say you have something good
not sure if my auto complete is ok lol
plus, without access to 30k deleted email, we don't know full story on . no transparency. no equivalency
serious question for a journalist - have you spent *any* time with the 990s?
. perhaps someone can help. i am an advisor and i and interested in speaking to someone in investor relations. please advise $tlnd
hey carter - we can certainly set you up with the right contact. will you send us a dm?
here's one meetup on 9/27 in sf with people
if you are curious at all about , this meetup with on 9/27 looks fantastic
i can't watch those videos. it's nothing but pure fuckery. unsubscribed and stopped watching months ago.
yea im doing that now this dude is a fucking coon an syraight fucking clown its fucking sad when u need money
well they're at least both from the 90s... (grasping at straws here)
yeah that doesn't work with music.
we'd love to talk to you about it, can you send us a dm please? *vickip
alright. sent plenty of text to y'all. again.
he,moss &amp; sapp r the only former i dont consider real raiders.larry brown is more a raider than them lol
i totally agree, although my problems with sapp come from after he retired not while he was with us.
woop woop! hi from australia, aurelie! hope you're having an awesome night -paul
awesome! i ll say hi when i come to australia
monday i did upper body/core/cadrio today is lower body
"light cardio"...?
the cologne i'm wearing today reminds me of last fall so hard. the feels, tho.
which one?!
today is going great...
ever try them frozen?
not that hard ..
or maybe waiting for a photo.
can someone teach me how to do ratios (some type of math) i have a really important test coming up. i'm a quick learner but i'm lost
lol better head over to youtube . they have everything up there
i grew up on my bike. i love riding one. but holy hell i hate cyclists.
when i lived in a nearby college town, there were always bikers downtown and they never looked before crossing streets. awful.
and what if you are a steppin' and fetchin', self-hatin' soul-sellin', do-anything-for-a-dollar n----....
name one black boxer who will say don king helped them become rich and stay rich. don king black pimp
nowonotdradio ivory tower project - guilty (you're the one) -pls buy a song
tyvm: 4the +
tweeted the day the trade was made.
wonder what all of them have in common...
a green battery icon lets you tell a new "safe" note 7 from the recalled models
what color was it before?
i hate taking the train cause i fall in love like ten thousand times for like 5 secs
working in soho was impossible for this reason
the fact no one is horrified by this,not the potential next president,not a "pastor."in fact they're laughing at th...
i can't believe that people are supporting this disgusting lunatic.
where does her food go?
i guess inside her butt cheeks
what does that have to do with the repotted flag?
that bigot is your source.
i can't watch those videos. it's nothing but pure fuckery. unsubscribed and stopped watching months ago.
that bad that i have to diss ur own people for them white an spanish fighters straight fucking coon
didn't you say u were in natural resources
i was. i'm in career exploration with mr. smith now. i just went to visit mrs. abbott real quick. mr. m is not here today.
but! even if you don't dig this version, you should still read morrison's run. because it's the best comic ever.
okay. okay. i'll trust you... this time
psa: stop eating popeyes because why is there plastic in my chicken
it was recently reported(nyc)that a cust found a fried rat head n his/her 5piece-so ?got the other 1/2 of the fried
it's basically a real-time event log of everything i want to know about slopes
ahhh, it's you and a bunch of robots! makes sense.
you enter the raffle at champs in valley fair?
nooo didn't even know they had one lol
pretty sure she seen the photo before it was posted by her friend.
you're right but ultimately it was her friend who took the picture and thought of the
sometimes i totally understand this
yeah. sometimes i really want them but then i'm quickly reminded that all children are really tyrants out to ruin our day.
are you watching these movies on dvd?
paramount vault is a set of youtube videos (us only) with complete free movies from the past. i'm watching all non-horror.
finally reset my twitter password lots of things i wanted to tweet but it's ok i'll get over it
tweet more things
if by 'this' you mean any tweet that criticizes that a+ mower tweet, then we're in agreement
oh i don't even know what mower tweet you're talking about but now i would like to see that content
no ir spot unfortunately... and he's my 4th/5th rb. so not killer, but need to make a move i think.
if you do drop abdullah, remember that the lions have flexibility to bring him back under new ir rules. i.e. he'll be back
this is one of my dorm decorations shipped from japan i am so excited to show you guys what it is and what it does
so you put that in your butt
seriously i look at every pic from high school and kinda miss the blonde
i watched this video on fb today!!
"the silents"
that lead me to a "simon" of null objects.
you think james/nicole played a better game than spencer/bigot/andy?
andy &gt;&gt; the players listed but i don't think bb15 f3 is the worst because of gameplay. just the worst group of trash ppl
second evolutionary stage! week 13 evolutions - aunt beru! here are your odds too.
it's like i'm and all in one! (don't worry, just some weird anomaly, i'm no...
i know he messed up but let a real nigga make it right, let a real nigga make it right
let a real nigga make it right, you deserve that much let me put something in your life
this is important stuff so squint if you have to.
i have a migraine
what about worthing here in the uk? i know we are small but come on!
lots of uk love. i want to go there!
i don't care about race i diss fighters when they are messing up
naw nigga u diss all the black fighters i watch ur videos an u stay dissing blk fighters
what does that have to do with the repotted flag?
no photos of said flag and the word of a bigot.. great reporting .
wow, i hope your day went as well as it could when you have that kind of step count.
it didn't, but thanks
abolitionists frederick douglas would be proud of me because he disliked dumb-ocrats too. they were racist then and...
the democrats of yesterday are the republicans of today. make no mistake , fd would call you a free slave.
you're right but ultimately it was her friend who took the picture and thought of the
caption, im not saying its okay bc it desgusts me but i feel bad that shes getting bashed
nothing like finishing the live demo code just 3 hours before the preso. nothing can go wrong now!
been there,done that, seen it (go wrong ;-))
-and the decline is just beginning. has lost the respect of the texas majority. bad decision.
missing the part where the editor doesn't regret it
no, i completely agree with yours. i take issue when graphic photos/videos shown. black ppl shouldn't have to see that unexpectedly
if we don't share videos then how will anyone know about the consistent and vulgar brutality police inflict on the black community?
there is no need to put that out there b
merry christmas
i'm having a gathering for my birthday next saturday, if you have no plans that night you're more than welcome to come
can i bring my clone?
for what? lemme find out.
to get rich lol
what have i missed ??
everything.. u outta twitter jail?
from sep27 to oct3, we are happy to have lightning talk at tech events in west coast. we wait for offer messages.
if you are at all curious about , this meetup with on th 9/29 looks fantastic
happy belated birthday from little old england
thank you billy!
for the next 10 wks, kids will make fools of themselves on the in the name of school spirit. yessssss.
school spirt and national tv? ... hell, in my day we'd a done it for a bag of ramen and a high five.
"there is no race problem. stop making it about race." ~usa
and my response, in kind:
can i kick it?
yes you can
we shared an article . you clearly have an opinion on. but to assume how we feel about the issue is still an assumption.
not to mention the article is factually incorrect, slanted, and biased. so you're out of the 'journalism' category entirely
happy wednesday, friends!! :)
thanks! we hope everyone at is having a wonderful day!
she needed a father figure! damn my pecs look good there.
how many people are furiously tweeting at you, mistaking you for a non-parody acct?
jep, he is.
most definatly has a 1-3 frame invulnerability
logical to leave room for chance.
i suppose if there's a surprise drop of shawshank 2 then phantasm might not make it to number 1
all i do when i'm not home is text my mom pictures of what i want for dinner lol
plot twist when she tells me she'll buy me the ingredients so i can make the food myself
between school, work and homework where do people get time to dress up and take professional ig pics
i guess there part time models
the person who i do events with at work stresses out over them. i've done so many events it's not a big deal. it gets so annoying
i can whip together an event for 500 people in a day. chill the hell out
but like why promote this guy?? arent there gays doing good things in the world
holy shit this is bad
via by would be lost without my writings, provides clarity making the move from side...
thank you!!!!
i am cautiously optimistic that the worst has passed, but i'm ready for this to be done and dusted. and im going to volunteer soon.
phone banking here
caption, im not saying its okay bc it desgusts me but i feel bad that shes getting bashed
when she didnt write it or post it
sign of peak $aapl fanboy: when you think they can just enter any market and dominate, because "they're apple."
remember when apple saw the social opportunity and destroyed all the incumbents with itunes ping!?
just found out i won the critics choice award for radio personality of the year by the fort worth weekly. quite...
congrats shayne!!
majestic: if you vote for trump, then screw you via
he summoned his inner harlan for that one.
marshawn lynch gave his thoughts on colin kaepernick taking a knee during the national anthem.
is 1000 times more likely to be shot by another black man than a cop. doing nothing good.
me too! aren't magical - but they can help you build small bits of movement into your day.
so true small steps, lasting results
lmfaoooo the accuracy
"phone died, oh well they will find me" um us always lmao
dumb-ocrat party sees me as a runway slave from the plantation of progressive politics. the slave hunt for me is on.
i see you as that slave while now free opts to stay behind to make sure masters family is okay.
india support no terrorist. we have been asking to eliminate all terrorist. but pak military support all terrorist
its recorded on video so sorry to bust your bubble
would rather have period hormones than pregnancy hormones
lololol was gonna go get coffee but if i drop it i might kill
building at with this awesome panel. rep. harold mitchell...
we must build wealth within all communities empowering solutions for social and environmental justice!
cauvery dispute: tamil nadu hails supreme court verdict as historic, asks centre to act
all these rivers are of nation not of states jurisdiction but states and nation is same parts of body so must start find solution
twitter needle mover? wait and see
i can't wait to see the live reactions (tweets) from people watching.
twitter trolls, making "fat" jokes isn't gonna make me feel less about myself. i'm fat and cute so try again boo
fats not a bad word imo! being fat doesn't make u ugly or stupid. i used to be fat &amp; was still smart &amp; fine &amp; loved myself
withdrawing is a common symptom. remember, true friends will understand and sympathize what you're going through.
i can only put up with negativity for so long before i have to avoid them. i'm optimistic and creating a happy place for me
mandatory attendance unfortunately .
da fuck kinda college u in
india support no terrorist. we have been asking to eliminate all terrorist. but pak military support all terrorist
i think you also forgot the boat and train incidents later found out india themselves did it
just don't see how tennessee gonna score but hope you're right.
dobbs and hurd can score they just couldn't stop uf last year.
that's not a slam, but a fact: between cannes and tiff (open to public) at least 1000 people have seen it now
if you say an acclaimed movie is out of the oscar conversation 6 weeks before it opens, what's "the conversation"?
learning about for @ radisson blu hotel, berlin
thanks for coming by
i really want some hot chocolate rn
with a croissant
with honey!
i coated it marijuana
sending some love to for keeping us on the hook &amp; running the show in slack! have a great weekend!
omg just saw this, you're the best!! thank you!
would you buy this book?
i know, i know, it's actu an interesting philosophical problem, but c'mon
whatever it ends up being, remember that now, as people report bugs or shortcomings, that we're not all clickbait-seekers. we're customers.
this sounds like a less effective version of mel gibson's battle cry in braveheart.
no she's mccain.
gah... 2008 was 8 years ago. right. dammit, time is moving too fast.
trying to listen to all my hoes
bye that's my friend lmfdsiofjsl
can we fix homelessness?sunday, 9/25,9:30 am.the forum w. , , &amp; ken reggio.
so glad to know about this.
i wanna give sonic cd a hug
yesssssssssssssssss
my parents cars got broken into too!!
did they take anything?
"be open." empowering advice to future leaders from of the . she is keeping it on and off the court
great meeting you today and thanks for the shout out!
yup, it's a hike. that's my only hangup.
i mean i bet there is things to do on the way there. but i'm determined to see the mothman if i go. i will find it
i said i'd never cut my hair short but i've honestly been thinking about it
do it! it'll always grow back! :p
sf uncorked in terminal 3 has decent craft beer selection.
owe you a beer, friend
if there is a hung jury and the state chooses to retry, will arochi remain in jail while awaiting retrial?
yes. what's more, he will remain in jail even if there is a not guilty verdict. he still faces a sex aslt of a child charge.
more people becoming accepting of kaepernick's cause, seeing/reading about kids kneeling &amp; a donation component; new ice bucket challenge?
but not at expense of disrespecting our flag. i'm all for social awareness on important issues but flag/anthem is off limits imo
ivory tower project () you can see it in my eyes
tyvm: 4the +
you and fernando homies????
yeah lmao i've known him for like four years
did they play part 3 yet and if not are they playing it tonight?
it'll happen tonight
3/ startup ceos &amp; their co-founders give themselves a serious pay bump - 70% on average - when they raise their series a.
is this something you advise/support? seems like most founders probably under pay themselves before series a
es on tonight i hope you're ready
season 1 for me
her site has an app for targeting states for phones
sorry to intrude on lawyertalk
my new game, merge dragons, is now available in the us &amp; uk for ios! it's likely different than anything you've seen
and really clever and fun! definitely worth the download :)
la rent similar price to nyc? asking out of curiosity.
it's much cheaper but you need a car
also, "the horse and the lamb and the butterfly shall lie together..."
and on a drawing none the less #
that is crazy... i've gotten it on what's app personally, didn't know it was a problem on fb
there are some good bots in there! customer service, news, etc.
i have a full day off... where should i take my dog????
take him to walls wharf in bayville and walk him on the beach there it's a great walk and beautiful day!
and charlotte wonders why they have chaos in the streets? americas education system is in shambles - vote trump!...
yes, agree, take away the lifetime pensions and you will het tea hers who realky love teaching
how anybody could vote for this man knowing what his supporters are like drives me insane.
the people of this new "alt-right" movement will vote for trump.
no way &gt;3&gt; *hides with ketchup* he's trying to steal my baby q//a//q
oh no she covered me in ketchup q//3//q
god forbid what what he will do to our country to ensure he makes a profit at our expense.
you know it. how much is he making selling "i'm deplorable" stuff to ppl who want u to know they r deplorable?
you have to seethis robby mook meltdown to believe it. wow!even crew shocked at his cluelessness!
moron! probably over paid!
there's an argument on fb rn where a white man is furiously claiming that unintentional racism isn't as bad as "name calling" racism
whatever people can do to make themselves feel better
ayo foh u doin every line yo
this my movie top 10 best hood movies
i told on air in august vikings would miss playoffs. why? " the wheels will fall off of adrian peterson this year."
great...ur the best
is there any drama? or is it just mushy hallmark movie like crap? and did you just watch for adam?
and for milo ventimiglia! it's really well done. funny, touching, real story, a twist.
dude you follow us . you know what to do .
dude.doood. do you really want to exist in a sycophantic echo chamber? man/woman up, ready up, defend your ideas.
how? then...why?
i cannot see any way to make trump sexy
england, france, and belgium were all great to visit.
i heard rolly, nc is pretty this time of year. ;)
that's why i stopped watching. i can't handle
i'm with you! i've sent them several messages about her. nakedly partisan.liked nicolle wallace better. more balanced &amp; v smart
true. but at least stick to how users are using channels and not spamming me with what looks like circular ads
for sure... we need to think less about ads/tactics and more about user experiences!
yes, this. conference organizers, please don't set the expectation that there will be q&amp;a after talks.
to be fair there are good ways of handling q&amp;a. does the best i've ever seen. diff industry but relevant imo
lmao son... i need so much when i'm sick. not even purposely. i hope i grow up too lol
lmaoo yo tell about it. honestly we might not grow out of it but its okay, they gon' have to love us for us and take this l
best series. fucking love damian lewis
i wish there was another season, then i feel bad cause that means i want them to go back to war
yes. but they aren't public urinals nor are the stalls private. that's also a lot of words to read when you really gotta go.
sheesh. tough crowd! thoughts on improvements?
those were my favorite scenes of the whole episode
they were so good, so steeped with history
thanks! the ipad mini is not compatible with the ios 10 update. check out the compatible devices here:
that seems silly
consider it an early holiday present. season 2 is coming to netflix dec 9.
meh. wake me when returns.
wow. in her book, hillary clinton claims that tim kaine would be a "terrible choice" for vice president!
called would be a nice job
she was probably like i want all of it out. my ribs my intentes. everything
lmao my fucking heart cuz it's taking up space too.
i think lives in palo alto
this is accurate.
i'm honestly more bummed about you &amp; not digging all star batman 2. snyder brought back the kgbeast for this story!
hey, it's not that i didn't dig it, it's just that i think i need this story in a combined volume.
he's not the biggest fan of just sitting there, and his jet lag situation is still being worked through.
you are so close
great news! , can you provide details?
he's too busy cleaning up his bridgegate issues.
read---&gt; two ex-spies and donald trump
a must read!
, can i add additional admins to the site that are in my google classroom?
do you mean like a co-teacher?
. we're journalism students . what's your best tip for covering breaking news?
be calm. step back for a second, and look at the bigger picture to provide some context. good luck !
so namiin, , and i are baby, daddy, and uncle were-shark respectively, on steam, but we main diver....
omg you guys are so cute
[cosplay] i think these homemade jade shoes turned out okay
they look fine just be careful near a set of steps leading from one floor of a building to another.
put something in your life, you tellin me there's only been couple other people that you've been with
i'ma trust you i'ma give you the benefit of the doubt, and i'ma love you
yeah you can tell you i was in it lol but all i got from jj was luke was digging her out lol
well duhh thats his future wife and baby mama
send in the clown: internet supervillain milo yiannopoulus doesn't care that you hate him
of all the gays and even white gays to pick from you choose this racist supremacist? messed up
i'm honestly more bummed about you &amp; not digging all star batman 2. snyder brought back the kgbeast for this story!
don't get me wrong, i like the idea of everyone trying to kill batman (thanks ), but i'm impatient.
why is seo difficult? rt
hey thank you
thank you kenansville, north carolina! remember- on november 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a...
are you afraid to debate ? do you like the ?? aren't her plans better than crooks and lies ???
strange animus toward right now for showing v close race. reluctance to see this contest as (horrifyingly) tight is intense.
no kidding. shows trump ahead by 7 pts in fl
that lead me to a "simon" of null objects.
okay i'm going to riff on this a bit more. a nattering nabob of null objects.
just pick one (that the guides are already using) or use the standard vmw one :)
it takes a bit more than that. it's more important to get good content out there as soon as it's ready
i would but i'm broke and i don't think the polar bear is capable
sounds like you're just afraid to take on a challenge for me ..
i think you can make a living as a writer. now what that living entails and what writing you do varies from person to person...
if you're trying to be a freelancer, you better be disciplined. like...i'm serious.
stop caping for these idiots. he has the right to freedom of speech, but he we also have the right to object his st...
reject*. public figures are subject to public opinion. deal with it.
we continued constant in prayers for you and your work for the lord. amen
rejoice+be exceedingly glad, for great is your reward in heaven, for so they persecuted the prophets who were before you. mat.5:12
maji hiding in the closet from her mother
she cut school? cause ima call her mother right now
i had to do it...
you're a clown
why has the middle east and africa struggled to establish strong, successful states?
could be they don't give a damn
college is not for me
i tried to warn you
if one more white person tells me how their precious morality guides them to vote 3rd party despite what trump will do to poc, so help me
a 3rd party vote=trump. women's rights taken away, no raise in minimum wage, no help for climate change.
vait. vhut? you're starting on season one or this is the first season you're watching?
starting on season 1
links 2 articles/content warnings. agree white ppl need 2 be reminded, but must take into consideration context/potential audience
that's certainly fair enough
prague is amazing. don't remember specific places cause it's been a decade, but you'll love it.
thanks man! we have a few friends who've been there and said the same thing
if hillary is elected president, we must remember to completely separate the nuclear button from the lifealert button.
love it. how true
no trip to the city this year ?
lol sadly no, but it's okay!
good lord, how much darker can the anthony weiner story get.
seriously. it's like, what, cannibalism?
we stand here together this morning in support of all around the world who are being targeted....
thank you so much for joining us!!
"gender inequality: let's rewind" by
thank you for sharing that, tosca. i hope the insights help us empower each other meaningfully and equally.
anyone have any strong feelings about a particular brand of pillows? side sleeper opinions would be great.
they are weird but i really love of buckwheat hull pillows ( is the one i have)
is this a challenge?
why yes, yes it is. go!!
ask: up for including "a1, a2..." in your answer tweets for each question? we'd love to include your an...
greetings! tweeting from the big apple! my fav is buffer ofcourse
was already so high on my death watch.
loving her channeling eddie izzard at the end there. hahaha
i've loved your g&amp;s (and other) ukulele videos on youtube. thought you might enjoy my attempt at one:
some more info, and tablature here:
great read from a great guy about his band's evolving stance on sponsor dollars.
my own contribution to the genre, starring my daughter's existence:
yes, wkend was lovely. went to farmer's market and bought breadfruit chips &amp; dragon fruit. delicious! what's new for you?
headed down to la tomorrow for an intl children's film festival...vacation time...
liberal lame-stream media is sensing that i am making a difference for . the attacks are increasing. bring it on!
classic narcissist
well i asked for colder weather... this is what i get lol
same but i'd like a little warning! /:
they are weird but i really love of buckwheat hull pillows ( is the one i have)
definitely not for everyone, my partner does not like them at all, but for me they are the best.
the new school: where my lungs come to die
i dont believe the 'our generation smokes the least' crap are u kidding do you know how many people smoke here my dude
this is simple use objective tools to measure the outcome of policies based on evidence.
.. or and scram .. enjoy
you're putting out a new album? will it be like the last one or will it fucking suck dick
stop bullying everyone
imagine you didn't know anything about dentistry and decided we don't need to brush our teeth any more. that's noops.
"i just pay a dentist to take care of it for me, and i don't have to think about it any more"
oh no, may his lil soul rest in heaven... got me hugging my babies extra tight... dayum ofa moe lotu
hella sad. the kid is same age as my son. i cant imagine.
lmaooo ohh u pussc rt : now i can't go back to sleep cause somebody corny ass bm wanna wake me up talking bullshit
nah she pussy she gon block me after i bombed her shit
get more of what you love. follow the accounts you care about to see what's happening in their world.
have you ever considered renaming this account "for morons"
new album cover / title shot by nabil
he finally got a haircut
the fact no one is horrified by this,not the potential next president,not a "pastor."in fact they're laughing at th...
the msm never speaks of outrage for anything trump says. they have "normalized" him. shameful!! i am so sickened by this.
apparently justin is going to perform 'one time' (just a rumor)
he's so unfair
don't you dare. whenever asked, i always said "you."
whoa wait let's all calm down pls
cuomo: there should be a business conference center in every airport.
don't we want people to leave the airport and contribute to local economies?
i dont believe the 'our generation smokes the least' crap are u kidding do you know how many people smoke here my dude
im choosing to sit outside tho i have no right to complain lmao
queen of hydration
except all those are dehydrating so actually in walking around lik a very alert raisin
tackling the important problems, i see.
yes. seriously. why exactly is this important?
first rule of hockey club .. the islanders are a bunch of cock lickers
that we can all agree on
non stop tree climbing action
what is this
thank you we all enjoyed it, so much that i forgot to announce the next educator! so sorry.
no worries!!
it's not even funny how ignorant some of you are
i know right? crazy how stupid people are to think a cop is more dangerous than their neighbor could be.
they just found a lil 2 year old tongan boy at the bottom of a pool last weekend... so sad
thats is hella sad.
jesus fucking a goat. you're in for a ride with the murder house. enjoy my friend.
i'm already fucked in the head this house is mean
everyone thinks i'm lying when i tell them my eyes are real
or they always think i'm wearing contacts like no dudeeee
just performed a 28 point turn with to get out of our garage. the things we do for food
could have done it in 26
tom dooley, in viacom farewell memo, says it's the "right time for new leadership"
hang down your head
that said i'm no expert and did 3 minutes of internet research here.
definitely feels non-linear in chelsea - my estimate here is 2-3x over the last two years
everytime i click to like, i wish you a good morning, goodnight, a good day &amp; a happy birthday all in one fantastic like! ;)
i appreciate that.. thank you
facebook. buy twitter. worst kept crush on the planet. it's like those two friends who won't get it on and y'all know they will.
my kids read my tl. give an 'earmuffs' warning first!
i'm about to give no fucks and watch greys anatomy at the lantern
literally me rn
four brand new designs available for purchase at ! get shmizzed today !
where's johnny cheese
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
they're idolizing the golden bull .. nothing serious
let's go together
omg yaass!!! we can go with my friend too she's a stan!
remember when a white man still shot him anyway?
and hoover's fbi did its best to destroy him?
cannot believe paul ryan is expressing sympathy for criminals, not crime victims. when did this become conservative?
like you express sympathy for bad cops instead of having the balls to identify bad ones allowing all cops to suffer.
great come back. i used to use that all the time. when i was in third grade lol. when i grew up i found facts.
why argue with you when you're clearly delusional? have fun amusing yourself.
maybe after finishing its car, apple will work on a computer
are you sure it's the car and not the stroller?
i think that is bcz it went on for such a long time-gives ppl a chance to find it &amp; tune in. wonder if there's an ideal length.
not just length by any means! the students were truly knowledgable &amp; well-spoken!!
at the protest in dc!
good turnout?
clinton ppl knowthey dont need toprepare bc alltheir interviews aregentle. askin actual questions&amp;he panicked
what a joke
tell me about it. 3.5 years old, preschool, growing at a shooting guard pace (fingers crossed). your girl is killing it ball btw!
thanks dude. she's a little lazy on the court tho. no sense of urgency. i bribe her w/amazon shopping. her form is all me tho!
this is a rly sexy photo
2 hot 4 twitter
what does that have to do with the repotted flag?
are you trying to say you didn't know mr.69 was your source ?
as much as i love it, breakcore is dumb as hell, tho. like, who would want to listen to this shit?
i hear it and i'm just like, "oh grow up."
omg it's me after my finance schooling next year (is this a compliment???)
i'd ask him out on a date tbh
kinda like how i strongly suspect that you like incest with your female relatives?
naw, i leave that one to you asswipes. gotta have those damaged chromosomes keeping that retard bloodline pure.
thanks for the help mate! yep just got it working :) i genuinely had no idea authentication was out / newer / more secure than veri
the new 2-factor is nice. it was half broken when i first enabled apple watch unlock with the pubic beta though.
i love how kristi answers tweets but not texts
water gunfight
i'm a little nervous that it's finally being shared with the world. i'm not used to sharing my story or being vulne...
telling our stories is hard. it's painful. it's awful. but it's cathartic.
this had a chance to be the longest 1-0 game in baseball history. and then brandon belt had to screw it up.
love that loop!
hold up, you're adjuncting now? that's awesome! how did i not know this?
yep! social media for journalists
first hour is dressed to un-impress!
i miss spirit week! i'm still in pj's bc i'm lazy
nah. you tried to paint me one way when it be another way.
i'm talking about strictly when we had lunch and you bounced back &amp; forth until eye picked the place! twice!
"my teeth stay clean on their own. why would i brush them?"
"i just cleaned them right the first time. what??"
happy birthday u super cute thang
thank u pretty lady!
wow. had a lot to say about and the flag. kinda quite about another unarmed blk man being killed.
i find what she did to be disturbing and unjust. excuse me for having a life and not keeping up with what's going on.
just in the last week, amazon bought a bot, google bought api.ai and launched a bot platform, salesforce and oracle launched bot initiatives
crazy, isn't it?
didn't think it was possible to lose my vote, but you just did! respect, obey and follow the law!
the ny/nj bomber did not respect, obey or follow the law and he's still alive. terence did nothing wrong, he's dead.
black man fatally shot by charlotte police was armed, chief says after night of violent protests
what do you thing would happen? how's that justifed for looting and burn down a city? stupid animals
bathroom art i think will appreciate.
awesome. perhaps we need to create a art completion? or a cartoon series a la
watched a video of a thing called the mac and cheese burger and reminded me of
of course
i was considering trying one out...thanks for the rec!
if you decide to get one, definitely experiment with how full you want it - i removed about two cups worth of hulls from mine
that was supposed to say don't assume my temperature smh, can i get a do over?
what is this
come to temple
lmfao, i really would.
a mclaren purchase is inconsequential to $aapl, period.
the crisis that apple faces is a lack of growth; buying a premier supercar maker doesn't fix that. $aapl
trump, clinton raised record amounts of cash in august
question is how much will donald put back into his companies. he is a thief.
. is right: we cannot let this happen again. we need to stop these cash payments to .
stop the cash payments to , and whatever ..
"he didn't drop the gun" is not suffice in why is dead. we need more. unfortunately, we will only hear the cops side of it.
and that's the thing isn't it? we never hear from the victim in these altercations. it's always from the cop's pov only.
24 percent of likely voters thing they would be a better president than any of the candidates running.
only until you add into the equation
1. bed bugs 2. subway with no a/c 3. having to go west of 9 ave or east of 1 ave for a party 4. rent increases 5. gentrification
this is the realest. my office is on 11th ave.
event[0] sounds/looks incredible. can't wait to play.
dm me gavin and i can help with this....
welcome to 2016
betcha the dogs name is trigger
i wondered if the "my life is dope and i do dope shit" kanye west quote on my site was unprofessional. i guess not.
only if you can't back it up ;)
why is this dood wearing moccasins????
whenu goto catholic schools thats what u have to wear.. dress shoes n shit like that.. mocs are comfortable
dismembered nate silver found in dumpster behind gallup headquarters
wow. that's dark. even for you.
but here we go again - republicans are threatening to shut down the gov in days unless we ban disclosure of corporate political spending.
not a great tactical move on their part during election cycle, but the voice of their donors is stronger than voice of people
late night texts with friends.
it matters!!!
no notifications of what contacts also have allo, spammy sms messages to non-users... hate to say it but wondering if it's doa.
agree. feels like a product that doesn't leverage any of the strengths of g.
you're like a day or two early
yeah we're not great at dates, that's why we're still single zing
the us cannot afford another term of the same disastrous governance. rt if you agree.
check your numbers. gop left us in reession in 2007. dems have been recovering ever since. it's slow because gop blocks us in congress.
i was destiny grinding with friends from stream, i helped with their strikes they helped me find the khvostov win, win
i need to find dat thing!
keith lamont scott. terence crutcher. too many others. this has got to end. -h
... then you shud speak to your cohorts . promotes racial strife at everyturn! . pays for racial strife!
in sf? try and if you go there, go here too: (though not for drakes/almanac)
just a layover. last stop is philly
she looks 12 lol
always will be in my heart
like i said about you long ago:
stfu ricky you don't know shit
okay well that was you so
he meant when you jumped off my bed and fell
its a small syntactic thing that some people wanted. personally i don't care either way.
seems to me there's bigger fish to fry, but i don't write real code anyway.
and don't care about haiti. they care about black americans every 4 years is because...
1- .. no shame here ..they'll do anything for $$$a buck
my brothers lay in these coffins. their color is red, white and blue. they'll never enjoy another football game
the flag represents all not just soldiers or cops who freely choose these career paths .
literally watched this yesterday...
that pretty much happened to me when the rep screening for the mother and the whore was announced.
i was thinking me - but now i'm also curious what you'd say for yourself.
i think for me: 1. jim holden (the expanse) - my ideal self. flawed, optimistic, ultimately good, a tinge naive.
rev. crutcher asked for nan &amp; i to come to tulsa and help secure justice on behalf of his son, terrance crutcher.
the whole situation is outrageous - thanks for supporting them
and here's a nice chart summarizing why there's a high-level meeting on today (via...
back on , sg says it's done. still -7.3% on co2 but uk, aus, canada, korea, arg will ratify by end of 2016 = 2x threshold
i got class at 11 what am i supposed to do now?
bring me starbz cause you love me :))
the pr and crisis management teams at are among the busiest folks in corporate america this week.
or at least other agencies on their behalf are ;-)
did you hear about the soy sauce kingpin who was busted for fraud he was running a ponzu scheme
i am salty about this tweet
curious to see whether weiner stories get any traction anymore now that he's expelled from clintonland.
if it were like previous ones, maybe not. but sexting with a 15 year old would get attention no matter who the politician was.
"more than 11 million bots have already been created on messenger" -
its over 11.000 not million but that wont take too long i guess
not a good decision in using a con like don king . once again donald trump proved his friends are a bunch of cons .
cons hang with cons!
hi! this is happening and i couldn't be more excited. come show love
so excited to catch this in brooklyn
my daughter is 2 yrs old... hits hard when you got babies
it really do. it will kill me if this happens to one of mine. i feel sorry for the family and i hope they will be comforted.
fujifilm's new gfx is a giant camera sensor wrapped in an accessible body via
that's how i think of myself tbh
need the old drugged up explicit weeknd back
house of balloons possibly my favorite mixtape ever
i encourage everyone to stop using "balls" to mean grit, guts &amp; courage. i favor the spanish "huevos" as it flatters heroism in both genders
omg! it take huevos to marginalize (to not flatter) the infinitude of tumblr genders! :(
naa it's perfect for girls with big booties &amp; thighs. it rides up when you walk but not as much so you don't have to worry lol
uh huhhhh. sounds too wavy to me. u prolly make a midi look like a super mini then
cops sign up to be cops. they should be held to a higher standard. try being black and getting pulled over.
lol says the idiot who's never been in a situation like that. go to hell and take with you.
motherfucker who thinks he's smarter than the rest of the world
if your blanched ass has a problem w my asian-ess the please go to hell
think &amp; grow rich, napoleon hill start with why,
ted talk on the golden circle is incredibly clarifying too.
i was thinking me - but now i'm also curious what you'd say for yourself.
2. larry darrell (the razor's edge) - seeking to do things special to me, that are tough to explain.
i am only up to 11... lot of work to do....
i have faith.
not really sure i like this new iphone update....
you'll get used to it. lots of good little changes in there.
mr. robot finale theory: darlene will appear throughout, but we'll eventually learn she died in the shoot-out and elliot is imagining her.
'sup i'm now super anxious because i'm convinced this is what's going to happen and i love darlene so goddamn much.
same for their defense of women getting raped. only white men can rape you.
"if white men do it it's not rape. also, woc can't be raped at all." -conservative logic
. and i are deeply committed to ensuring that the voice of faith in america is free again. inspirin...
we have always had freedom of religion. what are you talking about?
the 13th regiment of the ny national guard holding a dress parade, 1883. fitzhugh lee (nephew of robert e. lee) rev...
do you know which armory this is located in?
best coffee in the world!!!! slowly spiral pour the water for the best results.... i can smell it now.
trick is to pour along the sides of ground pile &amp; work to middle. that way all ground coffee is used together at right strength
crooked's biggest advisor married this guy.
and divorced him.
take it back
i wish i could.
insulation from accountability
some people are liberal just because they are trying to convince themselves they aren't conservative
i shouldn't be allowed to go into bookstores with a wallet
i have two storages full of books, one in ny, the other in la
just 1 correction, not red brigades but armed proletarians for communism (pac) still 4 killings ...
of course! thank you
| sec charges hedge fund manager leon cooperman with insider trading
seems like a pretty cut and dry case of insider trading. still, expect a huge court fight.
in fairness, that's more my reaction to nj and ewr, newark is actually pretty great as a city.
i want to go hit up some of the portuguese spots one of these days
really smart piece
the issue for young voters isn't ideology it's authenticity.
back on , sg says it's done. still -7.3% on co2 but uk, aus, canada, korea, arg will ratify by end of 2016 = 2x threshold
yeah there's a lot to keep up with today
yes we will definitely meet up and pregame!
bombay in my crotch sis, that's what i did for formation
eat a dick hoe
you're a joke. its actually funny lol
stop slacking uncle nat! get to the story!!! (hides behind )
you're totally right. and i'm starting to write now.
its over 11.000 not million but that wont take too long i guess
oh lol! guess i'm just very forward-thinking
it was an implicitly pro-conan column, man!
conservatism is a total failure. why do you think a fake and fraud so easily took over. people finally realized the truth.
dan, sorry we weren't able to help you with your contractor loan, would the standard loan not cover contractor costs?
more complicated, started out as hero loan contractor ref by them but loan cancelled c using non appr said bec i wanted now??
...and meaning that people actually heard it
caught up in these mention wars
crazy to think that u are trying to justify killing of unarmed black people . just keep it real and say u are racist
crazy to think no one wants to talk about the real issues facing black americans blakck on black violence &amp; broken families
scary to think what else and are willing to overlook in their pursuit of political gain
uh she divorced him.
or just make it good. honestly, i slept through most of it.
i've only slept thru 2 movies in the theater. lord of the rings and the shining
there's another one?!?!? and just as big? this is beyond ridiculous. fuck you, nature.
dude move why are you still talking mooooove
my other pages aren't. they going to stay in there. and i was never in twitter jail on this page
oh... let me unfollow them fmmfao
that was klaatu? of everyone to choose?
the mysteries of topps.
i was thinking me - but now i'm also curious what you'd say for yourself.
3. ben stone (knocked up) - well meaning, flawed, idiot blow hard.
i was rfk's speechwriter. now, i'm voting for . here's why:
perhaps he can explain which of these lies got his vote?
remember italy's red brigades? 1 fugitive sentenced for 4 deaths &amp; kept in brazil by lula's exec. order now worried.
not the red brigades, pardon me, but the armed proletariat for communism - pac
if you're trying to be a freelancer, you better be disciplined. like...i'm serious.
but writing is a job. listen. writing is a job.
on sunday, would you rather watch:
the opening ceremonies of any nascar race
my other pages aren't. they going to stay in there. and i was never in twitter jail on this page
what's good? i'm gonna come to your page in a minute. you have been mia
unless they establish that this precog is racist as fuck, this is a bad look.
god damn it, this better not come to pass.
i dunno, the people i hear talking. the people who talk about this stuff. them.
i think what most film followers know is: it got good reviews; it opens soon. and that's about it.
i'm so excited/nervous ! we must discuss...
very into the idea of this show. i hope he makes repugnant moral choices like jake but w/ out the action.
y'all do more shining than grinding
on everything be owing mfs and some moe shxt
cubs fans, i have a very tough question for you. if the cubs make the ws, you have tickets &amp; someone offered 20k, you selling?
no! once in a lifetime chance that money can't replace.
the heart is still beating however. i will not rest on defeating this until a stake is driven thru it's heart.
your job is to protect and serve . so protect , servant.
??? facts are facts...deny them all you want
islam has no tolerance and unwilling to fit in with american values and has proved it many times. muslims must leave or get gps i d
the president is at my job &amp; security and secret service right now is ridiculous. i should've called out.
police gonna ask me why i'm here. you gonna put in my 8 hours or?
and that's the thing isn't it? we never hear from the victim in these altercations. it's always from the cop's pov only.
cops are capable of apprehending someone without taking a life.
great news! , can you provide details?
yes, but would chris christie ever lie about anything?
spending the day in prayer with my journal and burning sacred herbs (sweetgrass &amp; copal) to honor my mommy. i miss her very much.
today is the anniversary of her passing. i am going to try and get to the water later on so i can write her a letter &amp; release it.
heads up for todays potential postseason ticket sale. goes live at 2pm eastern time....
ready for 2pm! nlcs &amp; ws tickets next week?
i don't wanna work for white people anymore
so work for me instead
in sf? try and if you go there, go here too: (though not for drakes/almanac)
actually en route to nyc to see , among others
get me a swisher and you got a deal
fuck lemme see what i can do , i bet bengi ain't workin rn either
talking of splitting up, i told a ba air hostess that i had been with tania almost 40 years and i'd given her the best two years of my life.
, laughs, thats perfect. you don't mind if i use that for my 30 year relationship?
don king says trump's opponents are trying to "ridiculize" him.
his friends are doing a bang up job too.
yep there's no issue at all in amerikkka. just shut up and play ball right?
he doesn't even play which is funnier. but why not talk about real issues?
"switch" by chip &amp; dan heath. methodology for causing change-used it from external negotiations to leading to parenting.
i'll check it out. have you read getting more by stuart diamond?
i need a pretty little homegrown hometown girl with a ribbon tying back those waterfall curls i've been looking all over, all over the world
i loooooovvveeeee this song ugh
spending time in a precinct is one of the most entertaining things you can do in new york. i'm not kidding.
will you get conjugal visits?? if so i'm busy that day?
you concern me
it's just some jim jones stuff nbd.
group b/c are rough while group a is cake. d is the biggest question mark
vp theoretically should wipe the group
i've been wanting to drop a freestyle tracc but the beats i've been hearing have not been motivational at all
try these beats
hopefully it helps!
geometry expressions?
omg but i'm going to go damn near naked! btw ball style
you can drink this liqua' from my cock bitch
don king drops n-word during trump church event, delighting campaign advisors
deplorable come all colors and sizes
when your teacher says "if it was up to you guys, we'd still have slavery".....um what?!?!
meaning our generation or your class? because both are false.
trump's use of charity funds under scrutiny
add it to the list.
were you able to return your vehicle? which location were you renting from? -collin
i left the car and kept the keys. they'll charge $55 daily until i return the keys... the worst service ever
we as black know these are issues so u don't need to tell us that but you are deflecting but okay . leave me alone
you came at me not the other way around.
are you trying to say you didn't know mr.69 was your source ?
or you didn't know that mr69 has a long history of attacking nycfc sgs.
i lost weight
i gained booty
kids in my class had to write reviews on my speech and out of 10 reviews all of them were good and one was just the complete opposite of
what everyone else said someone doesn't like me very much jeeze
loved our visit from !
anchor chart ftw!
in sf? try and if you go there, go here too: (though not for drakes/almanac)
however, we should get some mw sf folks together at some point. i'll fly down for that
you better! (:
second dad agrees.
if your blanched ass has a problem w my asian-ess the please go to hell
your ignorance is the reason why the world is suffering. what a shame. bless your soul.
brexit/trump suportrs r no mor likely than any1 els to hav bn hurt by th economy. they r mor likely to b bigots.
mostly agree. unfortunately, history &amp; present show humans more likely to dehumanize when under economic stress-real or perceived
how wasteless home cooking can help solve our food crisis
hey , this seems right up your alley!
fucken nice bud fuck
we got nothin but fuckin hacks boys. we out here
don king says trump's opponents are trying to "ridiculize" him.
. oh yes! we must ridiculize, not normalize!
if endlesswars and unregulated banking tax breaks for the rich and a weakning of socilal safetynet is "progressive"then ur right
just one more question, if it were obama v. trump, would you vote for obama?
to paul combetta/stonetear, it n00b, deleter of emails and bdsm fanfic enthusiast: ya dun goofed. video evil hillary
1 , point of clarification, he didn't want to know how to delete emails, he wanted to delete/replace..
if you think we have a strong vetting system, you're insane
that must explain why there have been exactly zero domestic attacks from refugees...
nope it's the lady i'm at the mini mart rn
hahahaha fuck fdb man. hold up. i'll figure it out rn
the crisis that apple faces is a lack of growth; buying a premier supercar maker doesn't fix that. $aapl
$aapl trades at a discount to the s&amp;p500.
greatest vine ever
i'm just picturing all of us at denny's saying this
mistyped 1 char in sampha tix order at 12:00 and it didn't go thru can u help me
please i was literally on at 11:59 and just missed 1 fucking card character
icymi: continue to climb in latest nfl power rankings! view:
i wouldn't feed too much into this it's only week 2.
another great of . see it today on &amp;
we're watching "nothing without you" whit so far so good!
you fuckers love being in last place in the news ratings don't you ? your falling just a quick as hillary is i...
- take a big whiff cnn
i have this huge urge to go on a an adventure
join the military.
$aapl trades at a discount to the s&amp;p500.
compare to $googl, which trades at a premium.
the rocket band stage. 9:30pm poolside. be there.
sorry i will miss it!! hope to see you at world of watson!
thanks, bob. how'd you know i love carbs? my dad used to work at the barilla plant in avon, too. love pasta.
really? i'm so proud of that plant. if we buy major label it's always barilla.
remember, civilization can come crashing down pretty fast.
karma's a bitch. combine populsm, relntless econ stress &amp; 30yrs failed educatn systm then lemmings rule.
i'd rather stay in bed in a onesie than work today
this isn't the situation every day?!
lmao in 20 years honey pls.
lmaoooo you know thats when im gonna open up and let go lol
oklahoma is equal to ohio in places i'll probably never go.
kd too apparently :)
the entire city of shelby, nc mourns the loss of officer tim brackeen. we all mourn with them.
enough is enough you should have taken a machine gun and mowed down everyone of them
they send me this link, here man! :d
thanks buddy!!
who has enough hits for their own playlist? (don't say ti, bey, rih or t-pain)
toni braxton, kirk franklin,three 6 mafia/project pat, usher, tity boi, yo gotti, wayne/hot boyz, whitney houston, aretha
tim cook right now.
well played
i refuse to upgrade just yet to ios 10. and low and behold. my phone's acting all slow all of a sudden. hmmph.
yeah my phone wouldn't even charge until i upgraded to ios 10.
motherfucker who thinks he's smarter than the rest of the world
if your blanched ass has a problem w my asian-ness then please go to hell.
lol trump said "black community in worst shape ever"... did he forget about slavery?
i better head home and check on things. guess i'm worse off than i thought.
when you're trying to get ga pumped up from behind the barricade...
fml she looks so good
the 97 question ultimate content promotion checklist
seems like way too many questions
where are you when i need you most.
boo! upper west side!
i coined it! tell reddit!
men are from mars, women are from venus, obama is a muslim from nibiru who answers to the lizard queen
i'm not suggesting 538 is more correct, just that anger at its different model/prediction strikes me as odd
totally understood. just offering more evidence on the horrifying closeness and what it says about the country.
oh pleaaaaase!! i hope to go there too! hihi bdw, do you still know how to speak tagalog?
oo ate! hehe
thanks suz. luke is home now. no incidents so far. (for anyone seeing this, school bomb alert raised in...
crazy world...glad everyone is ok
if your blanched ass has a problem w my asian-ness then please go to hell.
your ignorance is the reason why the world is suffering. what a shame. bless your soul.
more arguments to move to a content-first approach regarding web design
actually, it's content-first for all content, regardless of whether it is presented on the web, print, braille, or read aloud.
presidential campaign managers job is to execute a winning strategy to secure 270 electoral votes. not make new policy. know the difference
all wanted to do was to have robby slip up so that joe gets a sound bite.
this is why i feel i need to get my pilots license - flying in burd fursuit just seems logical!
y'know, i'm looking into renting a plane at mff and taking fursuiters up for shenanigans, if you'll be there :)
brexit/trump suportrs r no mor likely than any1 els to hav bn hurt by th economy. they r mor likely to b bigots.
many are ideologically tribalist/racist. others tempted-and seduced-by these ideologies given stress.
describe yourself in three fictional characters.
goku is probably interchangeable with michael scott
"if clinton loses, blame the media": analysis of media coverage of trump vs clinton
sorry. the media should not be expected to call out evil. if the public can't recognize it they are doomed to elect it.
looks like something may be up with your twitter...
ugh weiner is such a classic perv, it's depressing
when you're a 15-year-old girl you want so much for someone to pay attention to you and you're also totally defenseless.
don't disrespect the homie lucas
lucas is rational to a fault and mike is in his feelings all the time. dustin jokes, but he doesn't lose focus of the bigger pic.
well that didn't take long. first flight with iphone 7 plus. pulled out bose headphones, realized adapter in other bag. sat dejected.
buy extra adapters. put it on the bose and keep it there.
. am i? can you give me one thing that is 100% risk free?
i know, diphtheria! oh, wait.
i actually really hate that this show is turning into "2nd chances r us".
i actually don't mind that, as long as it's well-balanced with 1st-time big shot folks. as long as they're talented, i'm good.
well that shit can't be unseen...
you think that's engraved in your memory?
just got out of a meeting and saw this!!!! opening packs like a madman.
don't hurt yourself.
well deserved!! congrats!
and to you, ben.
fuck ios 10 im gonna smash my phone
stfu you idiot.
could you please send me your email to contact you?
you can find my email on my website :
this right here is some vintage .
and losing to the braves is some classic mets
(hands up) i dont want no problems
like duke breeze say it's a stick up
yes i'm pretty excited. still trying to sort out my inspiration though... any tips?
basics. look at the relationships in yr life and see which need mending.
what's their position on honey
they hate it and think its the devil. how dare we keep bees as prisoners!!!! (doesn't matter that they pollinate veggie crops)
what will trump rename washington dc when elected president?
burg is way too jewy.
paul combetta, hired by to bleachbit her server, admits to having full access on reddit in 2014. wo...
so hrc gave complete access 2 her server 2 someone w/o clearance? good with it?
waiting for to withdraw their support for prop l after yesterday's unanimous l taraval vote at sfmta board, go lee hsu!
seriously, we need a lot less &amp; a hell of a lot more &amp; (don't feed the trolls)
how did we end up with gay bachelor? lots of other gay shows i would watch before that. gay survivor. gay iron chef. gay fear factor. etc.
gay amazing race would do it for me
as trump rises, clinton's cookie cutter campaign is making dems nervous, including pres obama
considering gop lost its mind and nominated a fascist &amp; mainstreamed overt racism, yeah, traditional playbook is out.
does he think this is a joke?
i'm triggered when people reply, lol or lmfao instead of sgeheueieiejsbsns9di
what book is this?
liminal thinking by dave gray
workout boxing training done! 20 rounds!
awesome job!! round 2 for me will be done tonight @ 7:30
*waits for to see my unhappily married white woman tweets*
i cant with you i just woke up
london fashion week shit on nyfw
tea is served
first full bit of trump saying, "what do you have to lose?" in cleveland:
really an idiotic argument for almost anything. why not jump off a tall building? "what do you have to lose?"
i don't think i could look any cuter this .
pretty darn cute peggy!
: a few examples of transatlantic slave trade impact on our african identity (undiluted lang&amp;culture):
what's unique to america is that we have almost no culture that isn't manipulated
1 , point of clarification, he didn't want to know how to delete emails, he wanted to delete/replace..
2 an email address from the emails. the video is excellent. mind sharing what tools you used to make it?
i don't disagree at all! flag/anthem aspect seems to be ignored/overshadowed by the "movement" in a "me too" society.
that same flag allowed those being disrespectful a very rewarding life. protest people's action, the justice system, not the flag
it's sad that today my nephew was born today and i didn't even get to see him before he passed away
omg i'm so sorry sweetie ):
when ever i need to smile, i just imagine saying "antsy in the pantsy" and all is well.
service with a , courtesy of in the .
i'm going to wrigley field for the first time this weekend. any advice on where to drink and eat would be much appreciated.
werd let me know too im planning a my yearly yankee road trip to wrigley and to pittsburgh next year
really? i feel like its constantly pulling the floor out from under me and changing what does what
hear that. for me it feels like it's changing as it should depending on what you're doing
everything except the bottom 3
the black toes are tough
: a few examples of transatlantic slave trade impact on our african identity (undiluted lang&amp;culture):
those other countries you named they still have a culture independent of their oppressor
if only we could send food over the phone. but you can always order online!
i know i know;) thought maybe the generosity gods had some bbq sauce samples hehe
i understand how this could seem trivial to someone that never has the issue!!!!!!
no, i feel for you, i've straightened out a few bad tangles in my time, they are a pain in the butt!!
one of the few wall street analyst calls i am excited about for quite some time! subject: m&amp;a
is someone planning on acquiring you ;)
chris christie should have indicted himself in that stupid mock trial. hidden: 9,428 emails
let's see how much coverage this gets by msm.
wow we literally just talked about this. was tim cook listening through my new phone or...
i'd be ok with a 675lt in an apple store
truncated octahedra are nice. they tile space
but those aren't octohedra, . i see pentagons and squares, not 8 sides of triangles.
could you provide a list a books you feel we all should read relating to history? specifically ones not widely available
i will take a pic and send it to you when i get to office
i'm going to the bank ladies
you can rob a bank sis? you're unemployed ass has no business up in some bank. save that for the whites
are you in school for it !! fuckin bomb ass set kms
yes i am!!!
let's see what bruce miller gets for his fiasco...
white privilege gets him off in 2 months if that. probably just probation.
i was skatin thru east harlem yesterday, &amp; a kid and his group of friends noticed me while walkin from school. that was so lit who tf am i
found the lil niggas too
another instance pot calling kettle black. are racist.
if said that no one would know about the riots. msm would only report trump
are you guys ok with ppl you commission uploading personal work at the same time? like especially if you know they're working??
i think it's ok to do both! i honestly like seeing both personal and commissioned work. :)
what if you don't qualify for low-income housing? how is her plan going to help you afford to live in high-cost metros?
if she proposed any solutions to that you'd rightly point out that the feds can't do a whole lot
live on : let's be an auto worker. or store clerk. or something. in vr.
if you don't follow you should fix that right now. his vr broadcasts are
condolences to tv voice bob fitzgerald whose wife carol died from pancreatic cancer. in her honor please donate to camp kesem
:( very sad
hey. you folks ever check out the alternative housing scene?
in the sense of walking by tent encampments under overpasses, or...?
truncated octahedra are nice. they tile space
but those aren't octohedra, . i see hexagons and squares, not 8 sides of triangles.
new shark stamps coming soon rt usps previews 2017 stamps cc
ooooooh, where can i get them??
yeah, what's this gif, exactly?
opportunity to present...fumbled
goodluck out there
fasho thanks
on the topic of names, if you have a podcast or show, consider adding your name to your twitter! for example, jane @ gameexplanations.
so what the heck should i do? ;)
that's me when scalac throws a fit because i didn't hold its hand and there's an extra comma.
i wasn't aware we were writing javascript?
great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. ~eleanor roosevelt
my high school calculus teacher always shared this quote with us
mark, are you not going to join this conversation once you've seen the films in question?
once they open, yes. before that, i think talking about rising/falling momentum is overnarrativizing.
last night i dreamed i was in london and dj khaled was my dad. we got to stay in cool places but then he through my girlfriend off a balcony
oh wow that went from 0 to real quick
irony &amp; anecdote of panel cutting into time of 'hottopics in ' i.e. ...
great observation! one of the hottopics speakers dropped out, so we had the time to go a little longer &amp; answer more questions.
r rt: wow. facebook is actively censoring this meme. right now.
funny. you didn't mention that it's true. :-)
bye. so what we doing today?
idk i'm going to the doctors .. imma ft u when i'm there
challenge dormald drumpf to take his dong out on camera. i bet he won't. he talks big but he's a chicken
... then have a "non affiliated" superpac take out an expensive tv ad about how he's too to take out his
wells fargo: customers "agreed" to arbitration on accounts the bank fraudulently opened without their knowledge
amazed that people who must be somewhat well educated seem not to have heard of the french revolution.
i know y'all not sleep
boochie gang
neely machine's 1st rvp - love this guy and hope you have a great birthday
thanks!!!!!
hangouts is making real headway as a product, it just doesn't make a shred of sense to add *another* platform with fewer features.
ultimately comes down to use case. allo will probably integrate google assistant and api.ai acquisition.
thank you board of supervisors for your sept. proclamation. presented to caol boa...
thank you for the board's proactive support of . thank you vice chair ishida for the proclamation presentation.
the us cannot afford another term of the same disastrous governance. rt if you agree.
yeah, b/c things were so fucking great under bush- 800k jobs/month lost, we tortured, 20m fewer w/health ins, dow 50% of today's level.
into the madlands - 20 september 2016 - wild dark on |
round 3 today
when you're a 15-year-old girl you want so much for someone to pay attention to you and you're also totally defenseless.
talk about an imbalance of power and a lack of responsibility
fighting for women's rights in the slaver state of is real feminism, so bans it to appease investor
. feminists where are you ? tweeting about toilet seats left up?
i know you're not supposed to wear white pants after labor day but sorry this outfit was too cute to pass up
i'm pretty sure i've worn white everyday since. do you baby girl do you
i liked nicole as well, even when i didn't necessarily agree with her i felt as if she could see both sides
my "view" as well! bila/faris make me cringe but r good markers of viewpts like theirs in the wider public.but not mine!
totally unrelated: you know those sneezes that seem to disconnect all your joints and put them back together badly? ow.
one time i yawned so hard it made my throat hurt.
literally this whole class is partner activities and my partner is a moron.
this sounds so standard for you
that beautiful white shark smile. this one was a little unsure of the judging by the lowered pectoral fins.
great close-up!!
him: "you still got an attitude?" me: "you still got an attitude"
never seen a tweet more you hahah
listen. i don't ever want to be on the opposing end of elizabeth warren's ire. not. ever.
fooler. i'm watching her take down stumpf and it's giving me the vapors.
perhaps the bowl's material is 1" thick...
sort of an inside and outside diameter? doesn't look it, but makes mathematical sense. :-)
i'm really ready to release this rap god i'm tryna wait but whoever i don't feature or get beats from i guarantee the next one we working
ii def got beats
ultimately comes down to use case. allo will probably integrate google assistant and api.ai acquisition.
feels cart before . bu perhaps foundational for new announcements with g home.
bobs burgers new season is coming out the day after my birthday. what a great present. i'm so happy
remember all we did in miami was watch bobs burgers lmfaoooo
this tweet is about you
good to know
will h.e. dr. hakima el haite be presenting today at ? was looking forward to hearing about implenting &amp; ...
sadly not, had to cancel. :(
dead horse beats - single people is an amazing album and you should listen to it
also i think there was some weird label drama with the album and now its backso thats great viva dhb
next time then.
i'm filing all this away
leon cooperman to obama in 2012: "capitalists are not the scourge that they are too often made out to be"
life comes at you fast
why didn't google just fix hangouts instead of making a new thing that nobody is going to use
if they just updated it that wouldn't be d i s r u p t i o n
my latest on : halak is showing why he's still the ' best option in net. read
great read because it makes sense of the islanders reality and best chance to succeed!!
check out my true speedtest on at&amp;t on 4g in mountain view, united states via
that speed test was just a little bit to the west of pamf, where the onramp to ca-85 north is. impressive! i can see the towers, too.
dunno what's with the new fad of ending a tweet with "..." &amp; link to "the rest of the tweet" but trust that i never click. keep it short folx
it's the change that doesn't count pictures, links, etc. it breaks the app of course. v annoying
dunno why people are feeling sorry for brad and angelina, he fxcked over jennifer for her .. can't nobody tell me karma ain't real
omg same!!!! this is why we are related
you said it :) you slinging coffee this a.m.?
always, my friend
and whiskey.
rub it on their gums for teething pain.
oh lol! guess i'm just very forward-thinking
yes you are and thats a good thing
omfgbshddnen
i used to play the clarinet
i don't know about everyone else but i'm tired of sweating my balls off and need it to be flannel season
if ur account wasn't private i'd retweet this
just one episode of criminal minds then calling it a night!
we all know you watched like four more
once they open, yes. before that, i think talking about rising/falling momentum is overnarrativizing.
like, if loving was "up" at cannes and is now "down," will its opening be a "resurgence"? to me, that feels made-up.
having you as my son &amp; your dad as my amazing husband is the best gift ever!! you all are the gifts that keep givin...
happy bday my sista. i know you will enjoy it with the best people around you.
has anyone told benji hom about the creepy clowns on the loose terrorizing people in the south, because i feel as though we should not
what he doesn't know won't kill him?
in fact, i insist on them being dimes and pennies.
i'll throw in my two cents.
joescar smacks down clinton campaign manager for dodging on syria (video)
for some reason, kellyanne can say "ask my candidate", but clinton campaign cannot. another bullshitter news outlet.
...lack of parenting, obama's victim-mentality, blm's socialist anti-police agenda..
you know how many dads have been locked up because of the war on drugs? and its not a victim mentality
trump talking don king at the top of his speech today in cleveland, minutes after king dropped the n word in church:
not surprising that one of the very few "celebrities" who appears with trump is a convicted felon, manslaughter and bookmaking.
under koskinen's watch, the irs erased 422 tapes containing as many as 24k of lerner's emails--despite a subpoena &amp; do-not-destroy order
emails on tape? wtf
on mark faber stated, we could see a 40%-50% pullback or 100,000 on the indu, ahhhhhhh welllllll
he has all his bases covered
zero chance they indict betty from the school bake sale! don't expect justice this time around (not that we were)....
even trump says there has to be something wrong with her. feds will indict.
now my dad is sleeping and my mom is watching tv. i don't know what to do or what to say.
it happens, they will both be in your lifes but they are not meant to be in each others
...lack of parenting, obama's victim-mentality, blm's socialist anti-police agenda..
the issues i pointed out can be undone
college in six seconds .
"moving on" annoying
but how did you get the skin and the silver already?
went through strike, skin is from radiant treasure. silver from it as well but you can dismantle the augment for silver.
a video of my bird riding around on my hand while i type got removed from tumblr for being sexually explicit. really tumblr? really?
this website needs to burn to the ground.
i'm gonna facetime you in a little, just gotta hit the bank real quick.
i'm at twerk..... see u later ?
what do you mean by no png/jpg? there are a lot when viewing in the inspector
i'm talking about the homepage ;)
anti-abortion crusader troy newman is another extremist whom trump hasn't disavowed. we should ask him about that.
i'm one of the because i stand for gender equality. there is none without full, unadulterated reproductive rights and access.
nothing annoys me more than videos that use chocolate chips instead of actual melting chocolate. and i blame my mother for that.
on a brighter note, at least i know how to make almost every kind of chocolate there is.
mark, are you not going to join this conversation once you've seen the films in question?
btw i have not seen loving and have no stake other than that i hope it's good.
obama directs secret service to "keep the press away from trump" - allegedly wants to reduce publicity for trump
interfering with our rights to an honest, educated electoral process. we deserve access to all info we can.
today would be a good day for to release his tax returns.
this is the day that romney released his, right?
i didn't even know you had a twitter. like wtf peep my tweet from earlier lmaaooo
youre the one that found me!! tf
if you have some time in nyc this is worth taking a trip to.
thanks for the suggestion!
um were is it!!!
in patchogue right by me!! come and stay over my house!! you too
ready for day 2
where's my luchador?
jodi and loren always makes beautiful collages
thank you very much sabrina
tbh i mainly wonder how this "movement" took so long to coalesce
the revolution will be 150 proof i guess
...lack of parenting, obama's victim-mentality, blm's socialist anti-police agenda..
and i dint even mention obama. you did, the dude was not my savior. just the status quo
dumber because something now seems so obvious that i think -- why wasn't it obvious to me? i must be dumb...
we all dumb. stay curious, and be picky on who you seek truth in reading.
still can't believe that ame &amp; dixon boat party this weekend is more than $90 for only 6 hours .....
will never do a boat party again unless its open bar
1st off he walked up to car..not even sure it was his..didn't to get on ground...his intentions were unknown
stretch armstrong over here
we are under review. should be accessible shortly. thanks for the support and the link!
awesome! thanks a lot.
prof. thomas patterson examined coverage and found trump quoted about clinton policies more than she was; clinton c...
patterson didn't touch on it, but coverage that consistently hints at corruption, even if it doesn't find it, has an impact on the polls.
so you're going to self-embargo what you see at nyff?
in terms of awards? absolutely.
anybody can be a racist. however nobody should aspire to be.
nope. according to (main reason i'm not one) i'm a minority therefore i can't be racist
i'ma trust you i'ma give you the benefit of the doubt, and i'ma love you
you can even call me daddy give you someone to look up to
are you a sexist or a racist? such a class act like hillary
hysterical how he calls you dumb, then in the next sentence calls u the c word and hopes you die of aids...very intelligent
made that million grow into billions, can't overlook that
billion, that's a b boys!
i was going to say, "we had two visiting recently and i think we're good."
whatever, fuck it, it says "dog". hacked the system and made it say "dog"
i wouldn't be surprised if facebook drops the "bot" word altogether in favor of "apps". if so, that didn't last long.
we've just learned that we need to build an "app" in order for our "bot" to function.
.....i may or may not have that very song on the playlist i made for writing this
i would *love* to see a yehenni playlist!!!
congratulations on a year sir!
thank you justin!
happy ! rt and tell us your favorite moment from this summer for a chance to win a box of pumpkin f...
baseball game with my family!
wow. posted by a black student at the university of north dakota. ()
the white girls took her phone n posted
nothing annoys me more than videos that use chocolate chips instead of actual melting chocolate. and i blame my mother for that.
but at least i know how to make almost every chocolate bar and candy
what is really cool is that it's not just that can be used in . i have begun experimenting with...
*cough* blog post *cough*
it's cheaper than murder
not necessarily. depends on your tax bracket.
oh. for some reason i thought he was from philly.
depending on where you're from in delaware it's the same damn thing
black man fatally shot by charlotte police was armed, chief says after night of violent protests
what difference does that make? nc is an open carry state. even if he had a gun in car, as nc law is now written it's legal!
well it's legal to be topless there,so tell em to fuck off
i just stare back &amp; they get the hint
. announces new album 'starboy' &amp; unveils artwork
great artwork!
it was not.
kind of the answer i was expecting, glad that lined up with my expectation
who the fuck cares about brad pitt when we have real issues like radical islamic terrorism and nobody doing anything about it facts.
it's terrorism .. sadistic criminal terrorism .. caused by pharmaceuticals mostly .. and militarism .. pushed by ziollywood
so you were always awesome?
heh, i was always a dork. :)
patterson didn't touch on it, but coverage that consistently hints at corruption, even if it doesn't find it, has an impact on the polls.
that's why the race is tied, even if trump is now drawing negative coverage. by now, the "both sides are terrible" narrative is baked in.
talking to rep.john lewis, andrea mitchell says "i know you're a supporter 4 clinton but can we have a fair dialogue " etc. fuck u andrea!
is a hateful person. she must really have a miserable life.
i was supposed to go, plans changed..
well there's always next time
i don't recall seeing you later ..
start bringing your ass to school
gmorning. make deposits toward someone else's happiness today. call a friend, ease a burden, donate time/$/space. you'll . promise.
my cynical heart shrinks, shrinks from your positivity... *takes friend to lunch*
just announced 11/5 x ft. onsale fr...
we need to go
sorry i didn't tweet last wk but have job obligations. i watch @ 3am on loved ur look!
thank you so much! hope you were able to rest after your 3am viewing. hope you enjoy the season. so many talented designers.
amusing to read twitter conversations among nyc film critics who think all film critics live in nyc &amp; nyc is the only place movies play.
i saw a movie in portland one time but it just wasn't the same.
lmao slapped that nigga soon as he got a lil bit over that railing
why bruh in the white sneak four good ones on bruh
true. i just think she is a great artist constantly producing interesting work and the price does not reflect this level of quality
separating value from price is made difficult by the market, so i hope you take the longer view of your interest.
aside from comfy mattresses, what helps you sleep at night? rt to
cool temperatures!
i am sooooo sick of photographers &amp; cosplayers with delusions of grandeur.
wait what happened?
jon just gave me your card this morning! safe travels and we miss you here!
aww glad you got the card! miss you all too! thanks for the well wishes - i'll be heading out to miami tomorrow after training! :d
yes, we will fix it!
thank you!!
not good news! on new chemo will know if theres any chance 2 hope in 1 month thanks for the well wishes
sending purrs and pawhugs. xoxox
i'm so confused why all these people just followed me?? huh
i leaked your name my b
thanking god and for you and your love and prayers. we continued prays for you.
god gave you a beautiful thriving ministry. he is using you mightily. it is a good think to pray for one another. praise god.
thanks for the follow. i'm lookin for beats. kiddauno.com
check these beats out
what does the future hold for as a digitalized platform for payers? via
thanks for the mention charlotte!
in my other dream maralina's hand got eaten off by an eel of some sort so...
well, fuck...
i'm curious how your bank uses and engages on the snapchat platform
lets have a chat so i can explain
best boat party eveeerrrr! and it was more than 6 hours
fav party of wmc for me
while we were fucking with connor cook we co...
lol let's see how he dies
did you say free coffee
its at my school lol
yassss that will be like in 25 years from now
29 for me lol u scared me
"arsenal fan giddy in september shocker"
did you find him?
thanks, adrian! stop by for another soon?
oh yeah. you guys are the best.
has run one of the most disastrous campaigns in history, reeking of badly told lies &amp; tarnishing ev...
:evil is as evil does. crooked vicious hillary is on the destruction train of the world as she designs it from a nuclear bunker.
true. i just think she is a great artist constantly producing interesting work and the price does not reflect this level of quality
the $6k you might spend will support her work and her venue (tho you may not be able to re-sell for a long time).
watch on : approves landmark reforms: rly budget to be merged w/general budget
good step. go ahead. do lot reforms and bring railway in good shape
also reminds me of antonio martin, shot by police near ferguson. no aid was rendered at all. he bled out.
and tamir rice,not helped til a fed drove up,&amp;housing cop in ny who called union,not ambulance
the most pain will either be your prison or your platform.. your choice..
code orange messages were so fire. don't miss the moment!
is actively working against just said she's having trouble with aas. do you look at polls?
this lady has to go. she is such a negative asset to this station. i hate this lady.
come to sbd004 to see baggage demo with cx in moscone south
come at 11 am to moscone s 304 today @ mte1913 data-driven ecosystems res 753 for 3airlines
i signed up at every show.
you definitely deserve to vote 30 something times
if there's anyone in your life that doesn't like ohio is for lovers, delete them.
ohio is for herbertttt
i don't read that rag anyway. last time i did was...
actually, i didn't know time was still published...
hillary's outspending fails to sink trump: she's "disliked &amp; distrusted...the past and relatively dull" via
- no mystery - hrc is the biggest criminal to ever run for president in our history.
that's why the race is tied, even if trump is now drawing negative coverage. by now, the "both sides are terrible" narrative is baked in.
that's why gary johnson is overperforming, especially with millennials, who have been dining on "both sides are terrible" for over a year.
moar filter!
there is none
the "vp of no" and getting 15 departments internally to approve a social idea. thanks !
tnx laura was fun sharing some experiences!!
me during your nyff tweets
i'm seeing a three-hour romanian movie this afternoon. stay tuned!!!
send me a picture of how its connected and did you link it youtube twitch or something
appreciate the answer almost an entire month later sold that shit, was garbage
had shit on lock
this the shit you was talking about?
3rd straight day with a gap open higher and a rinse of &gt;10 points off highs
buying weekly otm puts has worked incredibly well. of course if the fed raises will be even better ;)
druid you get my text this morning?
did you send it to 8335
cause i'm holding onto my youth as hard as i can, unwilling to grow up like a pathetic peter pan
i'm opposite that. been lowkey elderly all my life.
aloha - i wrote about joan didion's political essays &amp; the way they reverberate in politics today for
aloha and mahalo to you.
i wouldn't personally not because it's a 1 v 1 but because it not realistic in my opinion
so one of the 2/3 would stay back ?
ethan just asked me who sings love on top so if anyone needs a sublease we're about to have a vacancy
ill take it
team: together everyone achieves more. great teamwork and 3 more points! now lets focus on the game vs hertha bsc
once again, great game marco! we are proud of you!
he threatened to sue my parents when i first investigated him. still makes me laugh
. your serious well check on cnn trump with king as speaker he lost black voters
i have not visited you guys since the revamp (or management changeover) definitely need to get down there soon
would be a thrill to have you! give us a shout when you can trot down to the les!
so, &amp; runners go 4 a run w/ the app &amp; use or &amp; run down this week!
will be at home run tonight with coach julia!
it's disappointing that fucked up my order and won't even acknowledge they did. i just get pr bullet points.
when a customer tells you they don't feel valued or important to you, the correct response is never "this was a big launch! so many orders!"
clinton's "deplorables" comment (which many pundits scowled at) and health issues are both at the very bottom of th...
still 44% though
no more dots in front of your reply, just retweet yourself!
i mean this isn't new new, it just took me awhile to get used to and now i secretly hate people who use the old way.
n.p u a cool white boy that loves blacks lol
*pulls out laptop* so do you like to travel ? do you like to make money ? wanna own a beamer within 6 months ?!
wonder if huma knew this was going to break.
i don't know!!! it's too terrible
wow, missy. i'm proud! hahaha we should have a convo where we only speak tagalog. i wonder who's gonna give up first. haha
it will be me i can understand it but when i speak i have to realllly think about it lol
we know this.. thanks for nothing
they're suppose to protect, not kill. black ppl kill black ppl and white ppl kill white ppl but a cop?! that's not ok
mtv true life: i am literally obsessed with netflix hit series narcos
it's over !
who says music videos aren't still necessary in hip hop.....
video is more important than ever
i was trying to insinuate that you actually did have a deep conversation but it was about soup and you left us on a cliffhanger
damn i wish, i'm 100% on-board for a deep conversation about soup!!
also i think there was some weird label drama with the album and now its backso thats great viva dhb
oh word.... there's a reworked version of young adult that's wayill can you confirm?
i'm not seeing your album on the itunes store yet. gremlins in the system?
it hasn't been loaded into their system ... amazon just decided to do it early
sounds out of this world. can't go wrong with . is robinson's your favorite spot in the area?
first time in the area, and a first time visit to robinson's (a local's favorite)
wait, faber is negative on the world but is calling for the djia to hit 100k.
purely based on supply/demand imbalances for liquid investments?
this will always be the best part from the proud family movie.
literally you
i felt it was important enough for myself, &amp; for the benefit of others, to spend my own time on it.
i wasn't impugning you spending your own time on it. but people write sloppy enough crap code without this.
sometimes you can't change being sad tho
that's true, v true
of course, this was then followed up with part of my dream being about fucking guys &gt;_&gt;
dreams: they are weird
. i led my replies with dots after it was cool....
jokes on you, it was never cool!
isn't that just called eating?
like when you are hungry, boi
i'm 1 of those customers (20+yrs), . - that unethical bonus or i'm movi...
am hearing much of the same!
nothing more pathetic than a male hillary supporter.
you like repeating yourself. an excellent sign of vanity &amp; senility. or maybe you were just a dumb fuck all long
fuck off you dumb cunt. i hope you die of aids.
wow...hill needs to see how deplorable her supporters are, does your mother know you talk like a sexist pig?
lmaoo yea iight
wanna see ? lol shorty mad as fuck and i didn't even do nothing
starting to fill out software development process description document for new hires cc
i love me some classic mortgage driven development.
it's been an eventful day so far:
don king is a former bookmaker who killed two different people including an employee whom he stomped to death.
just read almost half of 6 figure earners living paycheck to paycheck because they live in gotdam la, dc &amp; ny.
lol bro these new apartments in my area cost like 30k a year to live in...
the bluetooth headphones hung around the neck seems to be the new tech fashion statement.
as an example, at every brick and mortar cell phone store all the salespeople have headphone necklaces
guess you missed this?
drat, foiled again!
and 27 for me 54-27 =27 54-29=25
ok good. so we both got lots of time to practice and gather more music :)
aww happy birthday i hope to see you soon beautiful and have a wonderful birthday!!!
thank you gorgeous!! will be seeing you soon!
america doesn't need muslims to drive hate against america it's citizens have been doing a fine job for hundreds of years.
let's say it's true. really want people who hate us and america values on welfare try to kill us?
supposedly made a donation to the charity of my choice.
analysts international?
the looks in this video are such goals but most of all the look of listening to dnb on a sony minidisc player
the only successful whiteboy dreads ever
resisting the urge to write a multi-account google authentication server that auto-refreshes access tokens. surely this already exists?
could use passportjs and a join on users and logins. push the refresh onto a work queue within user.findorcreate() callback.
and a little juice on the side
absolutely! nothing wrong with that(especially at our age)
seatbelt hands is honestly one of my all time favorite songs. uhg i love your taste in music
seriously we are musical soulmates haha
i can't wait for eggslut to open in glendale, because i've been meaning to try it in dtla but ain't nobody tryin to drive there
it's all hyped
that's why gary johnson is overperforming, especially with millennials, who have been dining on "both sides are terrible" for over a year.
bottom line: buckle up, folks. it's gonna be an ugly, close-in slog to november 8th, complete with aggressive voter suppression too!
- why does fox continue to have julie on? so freakin obnoxious, doesn't let anyone get a word in edgewise !
and so hateful. needs a sock in her mouth.
but seriously... huge congrats on 1 year as the ceo. the game just continues to improve. excited for the revamp.
thanks beast. you in particular are going to be thrilled in a couple months....
my school got obama, hillary clinton, nick cannon and next is tina fey. wbu?
we got the prime minister of kosovo, at least until he canceled-- beat that
who the fuck cares about brad pitt when we have real issues like radical islamic terrorism and nobody doing anything about it facts.
don't you like the .. would you rather send in a bunch of guys to get shot at? , ??
you mean the fbi is actually doing some work. they'll question them, let them go then, go do something unspeakable.
at least they have a file on them once something serious happens...
thx so much for watching. go
congrats doug! now i'm wondering what motivates bull...
smh i got my charmander also send me your mail thing so i can send you the bite back hoodie
truuu idk uet but i will once i find out
hi will in july '17, tecsup non profit institute of higher ed, will do a conf. on ed. innovation, we want your participation.
awesome! can you e-mail me the details? will at willrichardson dot com.
google allo: will you be using it on your iphone?
nope. 1) i don't need another im app, and 2) it has creepy privacy implications. i'll stick to signal + messages + siri.
"i went to that restaurant after i broke up with my super ugly boyfriend - omg he was so ugly" -girl in sorority attire who sits behind me
such ugly words.
why don't you find your way to la next month - we'll scalp tix to k's show at the troub and fan girl all over the place.
i'll sell you some at a good price
this is just the fees for the charge backs. -$75
what the fuck
lawyer says he'll sue cbs over heinous t docuseries cover it up again? too late~shoe fits you!
appearance on did not exonerate~quite the opposite. all puzzle pieces fit now. corrupt da, daddy's money etc
in scotland, hearts announce that midfielder perry kitchen is now the team's captain. at 24, that is a young age for the armband.
if he plays against ross county on saturday - which is likely - he'll be the first american to captain the
djing a class in la tonight!! need some help putting together my set, what are your favorite tracks of mine to work out to?
def include your help remix!!
i'd want minimum of two there to at least be able to develop play from the back if only 1 then no one to develop it with
of course i'd like the same. but i was thinking going forward attacking in numbers?
haha true but i think i saw tennessee's defense is banged up and ufs defense is still ufs defense ya know,shld b interesting
lol they out 27 on uf last year. sound familiar.
one of the hardest parts of my job is remembering to write "whilst" when editing stories from non-americans
i mean uses this all the time, so i just sneak it in there when it comes to my stuff! come on america!
i'd never use it without end-to-end encryption, but i'm not sure that leaves any of the compelling features availab...
hah! i read this right after i sent the last. yes, this exactly. stripped to its secure core it doesn't seem to offer much.
when you're a good influence
if only that worked for everyone
the new looks at the pain and pleasure of scaling your team, with darin swanson from :
thank you for having us! cc
happy birthday gilbert. fire up and fire out!
thank you coach!
thank you! thanks for listening!
lol and i remember ur a huge pats fan. dnt thank me, the shows great!
re:zero's ending just left me pissed off "yeah man, just be a waifu-idolizing 'nice guy' piece of garbage, everything will turn out okay"
yeah, it depends on what ending you want. it was a safe choice to give what people wanted than leave it on a extreme cliffhanger
it is "miss", correct? i'm sure no man in his right mind, of any race, could deal with your brainwashed mind.
yawn. so predictable you cretins. hitler had a micropenis, so. what are you trying to prove?
trump goes from "what do you have to lose?" to "what difference does it make?" re: african-american vote:
i would reply, 'are you kidding?!' but, sadly, i know you not.
never thought id see trump defend black people
what a strange reply to my destiny comment
they still exist???
yesssss i love em lol
why has the middle east and africa struggled to establish strong, successful states?
corruption. lack of acceptance of a moral value system. and so the list goes on.
can somebody that gets a response tweet about that number and get an answer gaf is actually positive wtf?
it's 384 interface he flubbed the numbers i believe . means 12gb of ram
america doesn't need muslims to drive hate against america it's citizens have been doing a fine job for hundreds of years.
wanting to change your culture based on a death cult lacking tolerance in anything who treat women like cattle hate gays
happy b day gil ur one of my best bro's. got so much love for you have a good one
thank you bro much love for you too !!
vox's legion of ex-cato sophists are at it again
it is fascinating to see this idea, which is still so dominant. it's the essence of neoliberalism.
what did i tell you about coby fleener? he is struggling mightily in new orleans.
yeah not looking good. snead tho
oops looks like in her open letter forgot to thank wells fargo for that $120k speech, $250k from do...
looks like wells fargo plays both sides of the table with their bet - moeny for clinton and gop can not lose with that move
well, this is pretty cool, eh, ?
yup. set to become the first ever american to captain hearts this saturday when they face ross county at tynecastle.
mom's been sick and not on twitter today. we miss everyone and hope to see you tomorrow
sending mom lots of love. thank goodness you're there for her mandu!
was it me or was there a weird smell wafting across the train this morning?
it was like someone took a shit on my face.
thanks heaps man, anything online to learn the basics? i've been searching but haven't found much besides the coursera course.
coursera is a good start. tangent: when you're a little further along i'd also recommend checking out kaggle write-ups.
her housing fact sheet specifically mentions land use barriers
honestly best thing the president can do is to steer the judiciary back to activism on housing segregation
taking my son to his first baseball game
wait you left without me i'm still here
i think that jay cutler makes tony romo look amazing. thank you jay for being a complete woman.
cmon man is one of the best things ever hahah
you're a bad bike. a bad, bad naughty bike and i'm putting you away now, for both our sakes.
did the bad bike hurt you? show me where the bad bike hurt you.
i mean i'll take the challenge if you pay for it
bih you know im broke
sexy nightmare was my fighter pilot code name when i was in the navy.
mine was "don't shoot."
how not to bloom fast and die young-grow your company w/ control, zest. talks with of .
this was fun!
have student debt? planning for college? see how much money hillary's plan would save you:
you pay for all of it. they are your promises and don't expect for taxpayers to pick it uup
david backes said it's disappointing that former usa players were critical on social media last night. "distasteful and aggravating"
so was watching them play
she'd ask the wealthy to contribute more, but 's tax plan would have little effect on middle incomes.
can't she just do some more speeches and pay for her bloated government plans with the proceeds?
i'll show you. i'll actually put the effort into completely debunking olbermann. hang on.
take your time. you want to make sure you let all that hate come out.
jodi and loren always makes beautiful collages
thank you sabrina
it's that or another anthony weiner story! come on!
not exactly an "either/or" thing here...
introducing the hammers kinetic autumn 2016 vainglory roster!
nice, gl guys!
don't waste your vote on the corporate agenda-vote for jill stein and the greens
a vote for the greens, at least in any swing state, is a vote for trump.
trump goes from "what do you have to lose?" to "what difference does it make?" re: african-american vote:
yes that really is amazing, that anyone would consider an idiotic slogan like "what difference does it make?" and vote for trump
those what the 1s garbage.. im grabbing those true blues and jams tho
i'm not really feeling them either
in 's cover issue with nylon it is confirmed superlove, company, stay the night, and no contest have made joyride's tracklisting!
no contest is such a bop
it don't matter if he held the gun legally if an officer tells u to drop it you drop it.
assuming he actually was armed. police credibility is questionable.
dominicanos usa great job registering voters!!!
thank you! we will be in paterson doing voter registration again very soon.
lmfao remember when we met james franco and he was hella rude
i heard he's a prick that so tight real nigga lol
anybody know how to fix this?
delete the app &amp; re-download, that's how i fixed mine
donald trump ally sheriff joe arpaio won't let birther myth die
who cares? we all know barry soetoro wasn't born here.
do you have any knowledge of the world outside of blm propaganda?!
says the faux news junkie i'm a award winning author &amp; social entrepreneur. way above your pay grade
hey i'm doing it too. it sucks. but i can't pass up that gif.
you're gif greed will be your downfall. either that or you'll be caught drinking at a rutgers tailgate.
batsignal for saving decade-old lesbian/bisexual pop culture site that's closing:
got it yesterday.
when's the wedding?
tomorrow and you're not invited
this guy's got it.
we will vote... ...against all democrats and rinos including .!!
does crossing the bay bridge count as travel?
yeah, but it's also a commute. not so much about distance as circumstance. ;-)
was the surgery to remove your sense of humor expensive? do they run that out of new york presbyterian?
my sense of humor only senses actual humor. pitiful attempts at humor, like your tweet, sadly don't register.
yo me too lmao where they at now tho still poor
big fax but the top 1 percent of them the creators i mean is caked the fuck up cause of these idiots
when you get a chance to listen to your discover weekly and it starts out with devendra banhart, you realize it was just trying to warn you.
always listen on monday, basically. it's like going to a clairvoyant.
someone needs to stop george soros barbaric nazism
soros was a nazi &amp; his citizenship should be revoked
do you think this change encourages sloppy code?
yes. trailing commas are the kind of garbage and copypasta refuse i expect to see in javascript, not scala.
have student debt? planning for college? see how much money hillary's plan would save you:
thank to your policies of free stuff you will be putting taxpayers at risk. we an barely make it now. how much more are you
youth should take up the role of accountability for results and constructive change
track progress and hold leaders accountable youth
i was trying to look for it!!! such a good lil routine
i think emily cayea shared it! haha it was so funny i still laugh 3 yrs later
don't be jealous
love triangle via twitter ends in brutal murder suicide
smh i fucking hate broke niggas
dude your out of your mind if you think core water is the same as tap water
lawyer says he'll sue cbs over heinous t docuseries cover it up again? too late~shoe fits you!
that little girl deserves justice t and the truth!!!
[new post] how to write content that will get read -
great article. its a keeper
confused why any of you think it's ok to carry on a convo for 15+ tweets in my mentions. take me out.
someone threw you in there. wasn't me. done.
i think doing that is fooling ourselves -- those are also the people most likely to vote. polling is pretty reliable.
i have to be optimistic. anxious, but optimistic.
how girls over react
this video had nothing to do w men not loving themselves also it was adorable and not vicious.
this'll work for yourself
i wanna be rolled up and hugged like sushi
the grand gelinaz shuffle is powered by this year. worldwide. pretty amazing experiences available
would be awesome if it would work. setting off my fraud alerts and i can't get around it &amp; complete purchase :(
you guys know we always give some free yeezy slots out. i think it's about that time
would be nice to get a "free cart" never had one before... how does it taste?
watch the music video:
i'm so heartbroken i couldn't come to your party i waited so long and i love you so much just to be turned away
it is fascinating to see this idea, which is still so dominant. it's the essence of neoliberalism.
the socialist/leftist analysis of course is that the nativism is in service of the capitalist impulses, not a reaction.
that man is mostly known for one hit, beefing with t.i. &amp; putting d4l on. don't make it bigger than what it was.
you not from atlanta you wouldn't understand what he meant to the city.
so good, must play again
have you played it already, thom?
i have a solution for "police brutality". when an officer tells you to "stop" and "let me see your hands" just do as they say. it's simple.
if your gonna reach they will have to teach
"why the boj bothers with appearances... doesn't just fix the yield curve to whatever rates it "feels" appropriate"...
and with just one retweet i get a record page views. thanks mate!
skittles are great though
ugh we have opposing views on candy friendship terminated
excited to announce that has closed $16.5m series b led by
congratulations!
saw your ig story, visit galleria de borghese before you leave italy. this dude scipione borghese had a crazy art collection.
it's located in rome, one of the few places in the world with caravaggio's
yours too dear sweet suzanne
gods blessings be upon you
damn, i'm gonna miss them this weekend
cancel all plans. worth going to that show.
i believe this boils down to "you stand with trump; you stand with nazis."
you stand with trump, you are trump.
they play. king has called trump "my rich n word" for 30 years
he also killed two people, but hey, who's counting
"legislation will def slow self driving cars" "but it saves thousands of lives" "where can i sign?"
the federal standards will do a lot to help avoid a patchwork of state by state regulation
finished stranger things in a day.. i don't know if i should be impressed or upset with myself
i did the same. definitely depressed
we need these why? put this tech into keeping flys zipped instead.
"need" is a strong word.
i've always wrestled with the balance of being open and protecting my heart. i just don't quite know how to shut people/things out.
this opens me up to a lot of abuse but i also don't know how to have a smaller heart. feels like my rib cage can't contain it all.
right so babies aren't free/cheap.
this is only the beginning
that's the trade-off. fortunately the committee agreed with me on the cost-benefit. which is awesome.
i will defend to the death your right to have your opinion, but it doesn't make you...
they are. ppl also want to end this. but goi killing everyday civilians. if there is a killing there is anger
separatists refused to meet a parliamentary delegation; it shows their will, or lack of it, to restore normalcy!
n ya still frail
your imagination runs wild
cousin* imy2
hey you have 2 reasons to come up here
proof of math theorem by generating 200tb file of all possibilities feels...unsatisfying.
i think it's awesome, as the data itself *could* provide more insights than a single direct proof
mike pence on trump's name calling: "he and i have different styles. he's new york, i'm indiana."...
what does name calling have to do with what state you are from. has to do with your mental age. trump is at a 9yrs old level
"if you saw the movie before i saw the movie, you are wrong about the movie"
not saying you're wrong. just saying that the line between covering the conversation and creating it is blurry.
listen2ivorytowerproject- currently no.1 on ...
tyvm; 4the &amp; + 4the
the lady is correct. edit her out please and thank you.
done. don't know who added her. i was just passing by. (and who are you?)
pls stop ruining my hilarious jokes w pragmatism
squid stop with this logic and sensibility.
man josh gordon was so close to getting it right this time
eh. not taking a paternity test is just maury level lol. nbd except for he's probably not the greatest guy (surprising none
the county should do something to help those displaced due to trion properties' greed:
the above yelp review was of trion in los angeles. here is a report about what they are doing in redwood city
we're getting married at the olive garden in times square.
breadsticks
lots of sessions and meetings at today - but must admit my highlight will be ;)
we cannot wait for tonight!
bizarre &amp; dangerous: voters are abandoning as serious questions mount about .
sad.very sad. maybe she owes so many favors for all the "charitable donations"that she has to continue or else...too sick to run
hey all, i'm here at taking your questions now!
what's your favorite restaurant in nyc? favorite chef (not chef )?
america doesn't need muslims to drive hate against america it's citizens have been doing a fine job for hundreds of years.
muslims eat your garbage, get your dog pregnant and want anal sex with little boys and throw gays from rooftops- you want?
sf uncorked in terminal 3 has decent craft beer selection.
i have mandarina, thanks to you. here as well
whyyy would anyone want this also, what are you buying me
i actually had to resist the temptation to buy one
elizabeth warren fired a big warning shot to hillary clinton at cap just now:
tries to straddle
miss lilia's lines arrived by post today. numerous numerical errors and written in red! simply not good enough.
i nominate miss brown to take charge of everything
has anyone actually gotten this to work? it still doesn't for me
this doesn't work either
i raise my kids to be independent and then i freak out and panic when they exhibit independence.
you are not alone on this one
police may be violent in the us, but they don't literally go around drive-bying black people.
almost. it only took 47 seconds for cops to kill . was essentially a drive-by too.
please respond now to to show how senegal is leading on water and sanitation.
for healthy and sanitation
it is an outrage that not one major wall street executive has gone to jail for causing the near collapse of the economy.
yet you campaign for the very cunt tired to all this kind of big money.
raining outside and under my duvet
super envious. i miss rain so bad!
don king uses n-word while introducing trump at cleveland rally
so did larry wilmore and everybody including the president laughed and was happy. whats your point?
this opens me up to a lot of abuse but i also don't know how to have a smaller heart. feels like my rib cage can't contain it all.
i need to learn to draw the line, more clearly and thicker than ever.
i think it could be cool? but only if its to stop steve from doing something horrific.
plus in a weird way, it's a reversal of everything that happen with ult. parker's "death".
look how much more fun last year's labour leadership contest was compared to this one.
eagle tried to soar into the sky, but rapidly came crashing down to earth!
yeah lmao u can't knock the hustle, fat joe doing some swindle like that too now u heard of it?
nahhhh i haven't. what's it about ? can't knock a bronx man hustle doe. il join his team lmao
we can't afford another four years of the same people and policies that got us into this mess....
more guns is probably the solution. definitely more guns.
learn from the pros tune in to learn from of !
slightly hawkward.
nearly 10m?
yup. pretty good start, it will drop from here but hopefully stabilize
april is my bday u little witch
come with
u know i tweeted this and i wasn't even in the lantern lmao
honestly i saw your tweet about watching greys so i put it on ...
haha did they wait up for you to tell you that? also, being 32, im still proud when i help the dish robot do the dishes for me
they were really proud! only two pots, two cups and, a bowl for me to wash after being away for 3 days.
i pray to jesus i dont need an ambulance in ny cause they be getting stuck in traffic
ill fr be dead by the time they get to me
my parents think they could say sexual jokes in front of us now because we're older...
ew i just threw up
unfortunately i live in constant fear of being killed. by police, by street violence because of lax gun laws and historical racism
prisons are filled with yr friends. no worries yr on yr way!
the burning question is- what is don king doing in church, anyway?
based on his "decorum", he has not been in church in a long time. no "church etiquette".
okay, but if a group of gamers call themselves the "master race" is this really a stretch judgement to make?
i don't know the origin of that expression but i hear it most often from non-pc gamers
we hear that! what's your go-to sushi snack?
shrimp tempura!
apocalypse puppy
he is awesome!
hahaha, isn't she very rich? how gauche, a wealthy old "progressive" making fun of poor activists.
"i wondered why they made an effort to speak &amp; be heard, but i never bothered to listen or learn anything."
so many like this scum have come here to raid our system and kill us! and obama bringing 110k more this year! hilla...
revoke tgeir citizenship..
cousin* imy2
hey you have 2 reasons to come up here
the county should do something to help those displaced due to trion properties' greed:
here is what trion is doing to some residents in redwood city: it's all about money, isn't it?????
happy birthday ! thanks for putting together this fantastic talk against all the odds!
... properly edited i hope.
humanities is a weird ass class
are you in class now
you heard it - four days until the return of !
omg my life is complete
yeah, but there's the whole utterly tone deaf take on recent social developments.
bendis is writing it right? he hasn't always stuck the landing with big events, but the spideys are his pet char
missing my little dude, kinda. i took him out for food after he saved me from getting ran over by a bus on our bike...
even though he's the reason i almost got ran over haha
remove from the until he publicly renounces the vanderbilts and makes reparations for thei...
- the fudge pucker is unfit to hold debates - cnn gave $ 722,000 2 clintons
end of work here, you made me want to listen : it will be the soundtrack of my evening; thank you !
it really is a great option :d it is my soundtrack at work today!
'no new date will be rearranged until after the fa cup first round' - that means they'll play it on second round day if both teams lose.
would they move the cup match to midweek to ensure the league match is on a weekend?
pastorius played on joni mitchell's hejira, a never-since-matched fusion of poetic lyrics with stunning instrumenta...
yep, never matched. cotton avenue on joni's "don juan's reckless daughter" is also magnificent, though.
if you're black. if you're a white militia guy staging an armed takeover of federal land, it's all good.
or a terrorist planting bombs in garbage cans. they always come out alive.
aaron, thank you! nah, i am "just some guy". a crazy one. alas, i would love to fit in, but seems few know how to fit me.
i'm working on it ;) payments learners are how the industry &amp; world changes, payments experts are how we stay the same.
haha did they wait up for you to tell you that? also, being 32, im still proud when i help the dish robot do the dishes for me
and the young adult was proud to have fixed our internet issues but, really - that's the one thing i can count on him to fix!
yeah right coors field
that's so funny. cigarettes =cancer weed=munchies priorities
new blog post! celebrate through illustration. is one of our favorites! ...
thank you so much! what an honor!
communities are already experiencing the effects of climate change-we can't afford not to act. take a look:...
yeah the impacts are very obvious: higher taxes, bigger government, more regulation, fewer jobs. no thanks!
kick off of our fall season is today! insurance in the age of a shared economy: a primer and a view of the future impact
awesome networking with some fabulous industry experts!
what is a good ass starbucks drink
green tea lemonade its so fucking healthy i drank one every day last summer and shed lbs
for those curious: i use "you guise" cause it's not gendered &amp; so feels more inclusive, and also because can i ever know the real you?
i'm not actually joking, i think about that a lot. i don't really know anyone, only what i imagine about you based on what you present.
literally dying
i watched the whole episode. it had me dying
absolute horse-shit. the very core of propaganda is based on marxist, postmodernist lies from &gt;
difference is i actually know the women who started the hashtag good people doing good work in the community
nah i get you one and then you're on your own. gl
that is literally how dealing works :)
you can even call me daddy give you someone to look up to
where my girls from the 504? you need to drop it right now need to drop it right now
hey, will you join our growing space community, and post your tweet also at ?
u folks totally rock!
stay connected at home and on-the-go. switch to verizon wireless &amp; fios and get 50% more wireless data for life.
i'm a current vzw and fios customer, do i qualify for the 50% additional data for life offer?
nobody believe me when i say i change my number every 3 months
therefore catch me when u can
losing is hard.
lol yup,now that his support from blacks is over 20% they're losing it.
health crisis: something is wrong with hillary. her doctors owe america an explanation.
so this is the deal. 4 her benefit someone step up &amp;help.
unfortunately the sound drops out around the 22-minute mark. sorry about that.
but mysteriously comes back, yes?
if u will be fair in ur opinion n know some impartial history of kashmir u wouldn't say thia
have lived in xinjiang, china and can say confidently that india has been quite generous to kashmir in comparison.
the band all laid down during the encore because it wasn't easy for nick to get out from behind his drums.
this is great!! thanks for posting!!!
gluten-free cheerios, yoplait with pumped up protein. how general mills is navigating changing industry via
general mills exec notes sometimes it's as simple as making cocoa puffs "more chocolatey"
no rhonda mickey can't. because there isn't anything. notice how he never answered your question?
gave her some news articles she said "no thanks" what else is there to do?
james, i was mocking the woman who said divorce and rape were the same. no judgement, my friend,. be happy.
sometimes its not a match... people change...
breaking: judge tosses challenge to n. carolina law that lets magistrates refuse to marry gay couples due to religion.
wait did the judge toss the law or the challenge to the law? you've tweeted both things now and they're very different.
your stunning! do you take cucks in real life sessions?
yes i do. send me another dick picture and there's a slim to none chance that will ever happen. ;)
i'm guessing this hipster priest is also teaching catholicism without the guilt. that i can get behind. lol
that may be a functional and important thing. hah
me and the homie going in to my trapping all i know song oh yes i'm buying beats to...
check these beats
those "hiking" shoes
they're boots!
oh: "wtf is that...!!?!"
virus emerging deep from the underground, unleashed on unsuspecting attendees.
reading a long enthusiastic thread about bullet journaling and just that much info is giving me a small panic attack.
looked this up, got to "draw a circle for this, a triangle for that, a square for another thing," and i'd rather just not.
thanks baws - your camp not looking so bad itself!
we're not scared, that's for sure :) i mean, now that velocity qualified. moving pon to velocity was smart on your part - +1.
.: "what we've got are people who hate us, and we let them in. we're suckers."
your legacy is embarrassing, do you really think the americans are so stupid and angry?
listen2ivorytowerproject- currently no.1 on ...
tyvm; 4the + 4the
hes white what the fk!!
missed this on msm? yeah i know skittles rule the headlines.
i wish this were tru lol
same... i get severe migraines almost every day and i do all of those things :/
philly used to love meek sooooooo much more its crazy
right when he got signed to mmg and started making money they all started hating
tensions are high in the architecture office but im not sure why bc i didnt go to architecture school haha
also my desk neighbor is dutch and his accent is very entertaining when describing "voodverk"
brb writing my new kids' book: alex and the sensible squid
will buy immediately for my nieces
sometimes there are cat gifs (here is one:
haha i like the unconventional nature of this
i need to learn to draw the line, more clearly and thicker than ever.
i may be hella sensi right now but i've said it once and i'll say it again: you fuckin' with the wrong bitch.
absolute horse-shit. the very core of propaganda is based on marxist, postmodernist lies from &gt;
all that you know about is regurgitated through the media &amp; a racist belief system
be my knife
be my snife (snail wife)
this boy walking down the block screaming oouu
the entire song yall
this is a bfd. cc
huge. absolutely huge.
unfortunately i live in constant fear of being killed. by police, by street violence because of lax gun laws and historical racism
mommy and daddy taught you to get a gun, hang in streets. you get in trouble cry slavery, liberal's will come running 2 help
i'm going to a theme party and i need a costume help!
the easiest fix is to order the "a girl has no costume " t-shirt. then just look like you could kill anyone
i hate how suggests total strangers and groups on the can i block that? stop suggesting people !
i thought you quit using haha
hella just gave away all my personal information to all these random shoe websites
dude i know they are looking
poll: what's the most offensive thing obama said at the un?
his apologizing for usa, as though the people are sorry for something, he should run for pres of the world, he's got frances vote
i was too slow, glad you got properly hydrated. if you have a card that gets you in, the amex lounge has almanac too.
for future reference. has a nice selection, though
sources: apple in talks with uk carmaker mclaren for an acquisition or strategic investment
deal will inevitably collapse over the compaq lte 5280 mclaren uses to service the f1...
i was there yest but i didnt play i just went to walk/jog. i did see that it was yellow. all i opened my app for was squirtles.
i'm gonna play in san jose today. hackers aren't that common out here.
problem: trump is no longer taking reporters' questions.
new campaign strategy. continue to use the media but don't let them confront u.
netflix reveals 'fuller house' season 2 premiere date when re...
yes!!!!!!!!! can't wait!!
so ap could have played final snap as vike. fire up eliot/ap rbbc rumors in dal next year. min should send 2018 1st...
spend two first rounders and get sammy bradford and demarco murray. yikes.
shows shows shows ! shirts shirts shirts! it all starts tomorrow when my brother, derrik , mo niklz &amp; i perform...
finally going to be able to get a ceschi shirt
holy shit, , is a masterpiece.
thanks, thom and glad you enjoyed the game!
yup b4 final! so much clean up to do lol
glad we can help with that. 1 approach is just call your banks, report cards lost &amp; use for cleanup
well, that sounds promising! :d
well it underscores the importance of having a plan - you know what a plan is right rocket?
trivia which 's code is ? find out at 11am [mte1913] in moscone s 304 today enabled
can 's &amp; technologists help run better? find out, our 11 am session at moscone 304 s mte1913
no rhonda mickey can't. because there isn't anything. notice how he never answered your question?
if you don't even see him a racist a little bit... than you are cause you think the same way.
told y'all..... a sista was ignored af.
of things don't go your way is cause you're trying in the wrong directions darling
maybe its different for me as someone who's only been interested in stem but i fail to see how private school is vastly &gt; public school
resources, smaller class sizes, more invested teachers, resources, infinitely better support system, r e s o u r c e s
my favorite thing about reading justice ginsburg's dissents is that she is just as petty and throws just as much shade as me. arguably more.
she is the shade queen.
i usually hate myself for that
you don't have to. smile baby sun
i'm sure she's rethinking her support as we tweet.
wow. i was so busy looking a flynn cracking up......out of this entire event, folks will remember the n word.
aww thanks harry
you're welcome as usual..just speaking the truth!
i only vote for people who represent my own morels and beliefs.i might not pickthewinner but itwill neverbe my flaut they got in
do you think obama/clinton is just as dangerous as trump?
angela merkel finally admits that her irresponsible open-door policy has been a disaster.
what the heck took so long.
not bad this !
it's decent yeah quite like it. what ages do you have ?
oh wow, that would be so cool i know my would love that too since he plans on getting his pilots license someday!
let's do it. i just need to find a flight club to rent from lol
best health &amp; accident insurance agent in new york. learn more at
hi . check out our open positions at
unlikely mqm mna's , mpa's and senators will pay any heed to announcement from
if they don't resign then they will be resigned from this world most likely
david donatelli compares private to snowflakes, everyone is different.
we love this analogy. =
some thoughts for 's cabinet.... white house press secretary....and secretary...
gets my vote
my uber driver just revealed my low passenger rating, and then said, "you must have pissed a few people off!"
hi lina! free to chat about your uber experience with the post?
who am i supposed to send memes to on instagram :/
groupchat of memes
got to make a decision in your flex spot? send your dilemmas using so our analysts can help you navi...
t.sharpe or p. dorsett
thanking you for your kindly words and love of the christ and prays. amen
therefore encourage one another and build up one one another, just as you also are doing. 1 thessalonians 5:11
i want to see him open a pickle jar.
dudes, the answer has been in front of me this whole time
seems 60k visitors? either them or us has a bubble ;)
crazy. who are those people? lol
oh, didn't know about it.
a text is headed your way.
absolute horse-shit. the very core of propaganda is based on marxist, postmodernist lies from &gt;
to maintain that black lives matter is neither marxist or postmodern. it simply means black. lives. matter.
trump: crutcher "looked like a good man," did everything he was supposed to do, what was the officer was thinking. then adds, i will fix it.
that's better than "he looked like he was asking for it."
altaf hussain dissolves mqm party structure and all departments, asks mqm pak mpa and mna's to resign
altaf ki najaiz aulad..get this this fact.there is no difference between mqm pk or london. they hve killed 1000s in kri.
no no no 'nation of islam' you can't use this kid 'donkey cartel' as 'victim' he pulled a gun out in a m...
hi honey! i need an answer! the fact that i have zero compassion that he is dead makes me
i recently ran out of hair product so if anyone wants suggest a brand
shea moisture
the ones in pgh may have been fake. not sure tho
i'll hang w pizza rat no need for me to leave
happy birthday to !
happy birthday josh hope you have a great day be easy
david backes said it's disappointing that former usa players were critical on social media last night. "distasteful and aggravating"
sure he was talking about , not reaction to coach &amp; roster decisions? those were simply "disgraceful and agrravating"
...here is this
look at this dude next to the russian statue of liberty. er wait, i think maybe that's in platform shoes?
right so babies aren't free/cheap.
i'd like to know more about the $6.
we have heard it pronounced both ways in the wild... but there is a double meaning when pronounced "silence"
well that's how stuart mcclure said it at where i am, so i'm going with "silence".
how many naps does the president of the united states get.
she has to rest up to deal with people who can testify against her.
don king the man, not the myth! powerful words and endorsement for trump.
oh the safe spaces that will be needed, i feel for college campuses today.
good news. it's now real. 60 countries ratify paris climate change treaty, passing key threshold
i'm subtweeting the rude "impeach obama" person who tried to tell me that is a hoax (with insults and not much else). sad!
so grateful i got to see your rebecca again even better than the 1st time esp loved your scene w/ the champagne
hahaha it was the best scene ever! thank you!
that woman who called, about &amp; 's .
has made me so i was gonna about giving my .
u literally put the comma in the wrong spot go back 2 first grade
i know i did leave me alone vinny
you know the white person is beyond a defense when even racists are defending the black person..
yeah seriously. people's heads must be exploding everywhere!
i went to private school then switched to public school and socially i was bullied a lot less but academically it was shit
each school, irrespective of public or private, is gonna be completely different in terms of bullying
lmao just ignore the fact that cousins is trash and can't hit a open target
max i swear every time jay tweets about the redskins you comment on it.
the use your apple watch to unlock your mac feature isn't working for me. :(
when i repaired my watch to my replacement phone, it started working regularly. when i dock my mac, it sometimes takes 4 times tho
why it's fake.
you need the bible mijo
so, who or why "are the facts not yet revealed?"
well since i don't get it, i'm sure you don't want me to explain it to you.
welcomed to today &amp; congratulated them on behalf of ...
congrats mo and elisa!!
do you think obama/clinton is just as dangerous as trump?
just as or more (didn't want to assume that you would think they weren't more dangerous)
same machines, same batch.
so you think i should throw mine out?
haha. of course!
really? last i checked you had half a plan.
cheers! cat cora is the other good spot to find us. staying in town or just passing through?
an hour until i board for philly. looking for more of your brewery's time down the road, though
clearly.. i was just being really straight forward lmao. sometimes people can't handle the truth
i think 95% of time people can't handle the truth lol but it's just because they're deceived by it. one day they'll learn
meanwhile in white america.
so you can plant bombs, walk around strapped, even shoot at cops...and live. unless you're black, unarmed or reading a book
i'm sure ms. spatz is a cal berk or cal poly sci graduate. almost guaranteed.
cal berkeley with honors and a 3.9 gpa. go bears
responsible judges, politicians, journalists, lawyers,think-tankians, community leaders, police chiefs to be incarcerated?/;o)
sorry! typo_---&gt; "responsible"--------&gt; irresponsible !!
which strike??
siva heroic one me and my clan did. we got one after that
pisses me offff soo much
and jen is happy and married enjoyed the memes though. let's not forget jolie kissed her brother on the lips
nah it really is that bad and almost ruins the first one retroactively. third one is good tho.
maybe it's because i'd already seen 3 so i knew how it all ended that i didn't mind it? i mean, wasn't as good as 1 or 3
i miss the food your fam cooked on your birthday
did u have the 4 cheese mac n cheese?! i forgot
obama today: "in order to realize the promise of the un, the us must give up freedoms" why hasn't the military arr...
have him arrested for treason
when i presented 3-team tiebreaker scenario yesterday, i omitted that mets technically could choose the one home game over two road games.
the should've played better and won their division instead of hoping to back into the playoffs
i need to learn to draw the line, more clearly and thicker than ever.
don't ever say anything out loud about someone you wouldn't repeat to their face, without edits.
doing style at event sat 1st oct. see
i love sam leith on rhetoric, inspired my masters dissertation!
are cramps really that out of hand ladies?
they say it's like getting hit in the nuts for us that pain we feel in our stomach
wish i could go to sleep every night at 10:30
i was out at 930
happy birthday gilbert , you're such a cool guy ! have a good day , love you g
thank you elizebeth love you too
i'll give you the second cutest puppy ;)
tell louie to get on that shit bcuz i rlly want a puppy
2/2 rep unable to put me on my existing plan offered expensive than my existing promo plan.fine.other options r there
be aware customers.after your period contract ends, expect to pay 2/3 times more for their service.
white america should thank god for the black church because by all accounts blacks should be just as angry as isis for the the b.s.
sharpton obama be nowhere with da poo dumb black who doesn't stand up and say" i been lied to by self serving blacks -whites
i start school tomorrow and i am so very scared/excited!!
where you going?
u know pizza sucks on this side of the mississippi
i couldn't live out there lol
same machines, same batch.
my use by date is 17oct2017.
very nice. definitely my go-to spot in sfo, even if my gate is far off.
i'm just around the corner, so it's perfect
a year ago today we dropped hamilton on npr and were in the world. i'll never forget your kindness that...
the world will never be the same!
nothing like a keynote al fresco!
looks perfect!
the stress i've been having is literally taking a tole on me ...
well no more stress drafting tomorrow chels! vacation is here so get excited
.: i'm turning it over to . me: i'm changing the channel.
yep, i turned. it's bitchell hour. all she does is vilify hillary. she's wrong.
each school, irrespective of public or private, is gonna be completely different in terms of bullying
like imagine being a minority at a public school in say, south dakota. shit'll be tough.
i'm subtweeting the rude "impeach obama" person who tried to tell me that is a hoax (with insults and not much else). sad!
they said the wasn't a "real treaty" because the us senate hadn't ratified it. that just means we haven't ratified it yet.
now in gif form
elena never has to be worry about being tall enough to ride the cock ride at the amusement park.
cnn should not suspend corey lewandowski. they should fire him. via
thug is not a commentator, he is a worst hire ever.
is that sonic pi?
it's called sonic foundry
i feel bad for people who are so brainwashed to believe there can only be two choices. wake up america!
gary johnson's 26% sales tax is incredibly regressive &amp; wld devastate poor &amp; middle class. the obliviousness of ppl facing fascism!
maybe she'll get another movie out of it.
yea but they have 6 kids...now she's gonna punish brad? terrible. plus...he was blind sided..again..put kids first
other thing to note in this unrealistic debate is if you chose to wait for home play-in game, you become the road wild-card team if you win.
the wild card is ridiculous. time to get rid of it
me the fuck too
yeah ://////
another drugged up idiot rapper
who assaulted a woman
oh onika stan.
you back in my mentions? you really don't give up
well no more stress drafting tomorrow chels! vacation is here so get excited
starting *
famous dex beat up his girlfriend for reportedly cheating on him
loook yordy your favorite bum ass rapper beating girls.
i'd like to know more about the $6.
honestly, me too...
good post from emphasizing that it's on hrc and dems to win the youth vote
that she is the alternative is another nail in the coffin for american exceptionalism
in her defense you do pronounce your name with a t in there.
when have i ever said my name to you haha?
ap deleted a tweet about a judge upholding a n. carolina law that lets magistrates refuse to wed same-sex couples. the judge tossed the law.
i don't think the judge toss the law, i think the judge tossed the lawsuit challenging the law.
i was split between them too
i'm glad i'm not the only one
awesome women's boat to gaza cartoon by &lt;3
is there ever a time when doesn't capture perfectly essence of events
ahmad khan rahami, suspect in ny and nj bombings, was inspired by osama bin laden, charges filed in court said
this restaurant's name kills me!!
first visit to colorado my dad and uncle tricked me into eating them. i was so sick when i found out
lol!! my dad did the same thing to me except with calamari. told me they were clam straps lol.
cry baby bitch boys
cancers aren't bad
that guymelef guy is the most salty people i ever seen on neogaf.
what a piece of shit
is a in order? i think i noted this based on your recent post referencing your birthday if so happy birthday!
it was saturday and many thanks.
thanks lovely
of course , no one should ever treat you like that
save the date! "time and cosmos in greco-roman antiquity" opens oct 19!
super excited for this!
trump is asked whether religious groups will continue to have access to him in the white house. trump wanders off i...
so many words in search of a coherent thought.
the obama legacy: so often. never ran a thing, including a lemonade stand.
he is a proven failure. apparently as a peace loving man as well as a man with convictions. he is a manchurian candidate
how to get usa hockey back on track
we should start by never having tortorella as the coach, he was terrible...next, play some defense already!!
you think us share is growing? eu certainly isn't
not growing vs. dropping 30% is a large differential...
i'm real tired of "progressives" regurgitating 25 yrs of gop propaganda. did she kill vince foster too?
no but her hubby went down to arkansas to kill a mentally impaired, lobotomized black man.
someone, yet no one at all.
aren't we all?
i basically haven't had coffee in a week. mostly we're out of coffee.
imposibruuuuuuuu. check the caffeine shelf again.
we just had a hero in the studio... great to see and mum . interview on ou...
this is brilliant jessica, i love that your getting publicity u deserve it for your awesome efforts
they said the wasn't a "real treaty" because the us senate hadn't ratified it. that just means we haven't ratified it yet.
they need countries that generate 55% of total greenhouse gas emissions for the treaty to take effect. i doubt the us will ratify this year.
yeah, but there's the whole utterly tone deaf take on recent social developments.
yep. especially after something like this
if that's not appalling... nothing is.
as usual, msm will not find this appalling. media has helped trump be what he is today.
if anyone tells you spontaneous caviar and champagne at bemelmans' bar at is a bad idea, they woul...
though considering the hefty price tag for said hedonism, could learn a thing or two about service, sans eye rolls.
yea nigga because they complete trash and over hyped because the division was shit now it's decent and they suck
not really that division is still wide open
whens the last day to drop/add classes?
hey chris! unfortunately the last day to add/drop a class was 9/6.
why am i getting dick bids in my dms
are you actually?
recording tonight w/ auction winner tonight! "cover songs" tweet us your favs &amp; we will try 2 play them. use
foos: baker st u2: dancing barefoot green day: quick one fnm: easy audra mae: breakdown
yay! we love reunion stories!
follow on facebook ( at least 5 a month!
have we forgotten? 9-11 commission said "they were at war with us, we were not at war with them" y can't hrc and obama say "radical islam"?
cuz you want them to and you are a schmuck
took bart in to work today, it wasn't the doom and gloom everyone made it out to be. didnt even make body contact with the people next to me
i never thought i'd *miss* nyc transit. the day will come my friend.
a woman just snitched on this other woman for not paying fair to the bus driver.
the bus driver's response,"look i ain't the police. i just drive the bus safely." she looked defeated.
come to howard
lol together we would be trouble
my show from last night is up now on tracklist coming soon, check it out
09.19.16 featuring + more...
i really need to crash at a friends place today. they remodeling my apartment and the fumes and noise is beyond annoying : (
just say the word fam. you know i got you if need be
best airlines to fly london &gt; new york that have good wifi on-board? , others?
virgin/delta are the way to go.
much love homie
always! can't forget a nigha like you.
yeehah, i decided to come on for the ride
welcome to twitter
every time i decide to wear my jfk softball windbreaker mallory decides to twin with me
nigga it's always on accident
the mandate they have belongs to altaf ,so technically they should resign and contest again.
technically to bahoot kuch hona chahiyea, but they can claim that they were mandate all along since altaf wasn't even running
sweden is the rape capital of europe all because of islam
you are troll so i won't engage your obscenity. if you visited any museum, you'll see beheading
big, beautiful wines deserve large formats, and today's eletter has gaja's gorgeous '08 sugarille brunello in magnum.
big, bold and beautiful, dal forno 1990 amarone is not for the faint of heart. get the decadence in today's eletter.
anyone i know want to wager?
aye we said 1 fool 20 mins
want to get turned into compost after you die? i do! and i wrote about why for
huh, pacific standard uses medium
you're in manhattan? nice
where are you?
return it to the store.
and start googling listeria lol!
yeah, honestly i've always assumed they're all like that. emotional drug abusers
some not all but when u have $$$ like that people think they can do what they want n get away with it
and i'm not willing to cede the federal level or the chance to finally fix scotus because i dislike the candidate.
ah yes, . really gave that fight a boost with a milquetoast moderate
haha yeah , times goes by way too fast. i'm just here struggling what to do with my life, i keep changing my mind
you'll eventually find something. just sus it out for the mean time. no rush
snap a pic of your little techy on the go to enter to win a kurio watch from !
my boys would be so excited to have a smart watch!
holy crap i didn't know anyone else knew that movie existed
it's amazing and a remake would be amazing
niggaz was arguin w me like fuck wrong w ya dat nigga talkin on the beat he bars is sketchy idgaf what he said
lmao fr tho
i got a freakin raspberry danish detective zorn!
is it too early for a vodka, tonic and lime??
took bart in to work today, it wasn't the doom and gloom everyone made it out to be. didnt even make body contact with the people next to me
do u mean people gave themselves space to do some mirin'
my mom doesn't have a basement so i've no idea where to live. i have a basement, but no one lives in it.
i gotta go throw stuff out of storage. it's bulk garbage night in brooklyn. hope i find something cool
idkkk i was thinking about it! trying to get twitterless mike to come with me
if i dont have work friday night as well
u know samsung is getting rid of the audio jack like apple did already been shown on s8
yeah pretty stupid idea, just more cables to deal with.
bridgewater patch: lance bill to crack down on scammers advances
crack down on .. '
thanks for sharing, heidi! so glad you love the cover as much as we do!
it's just lovely :) well done, team!
the mandate they have belongs to altaf ,so technically they should resign and contest again.
so legally they don't have to but ethically they should
thanks for sharing, heidi! so glad you love the cover as much as we do!
on both of them!
i could rob me a rapper fuckin wit
they see the glow up
they need countries that generate 55% of total greenhouse gas emissions for the treaty to take effect. i doubt the us will ratify this year.
31 more countries just ratified the on so the total is now 60 countries, over the 55 nation minimum.
my b, ant said he will be ready in like an hour and i thought you were still sleeping. i respect it, call me soon
alright gotcha bro
great pic, thanks for it.
glad that you liked it!!!!!
bean me back into that hot tub!
you work out, bro?
do guys not use toilet paper when they use the bathroom?
i'm the only female here so niggas stopped ordering toilet paper
she the devil to you hahahaha
just call hr bro lol
can we get 1/3rd of that audience. lols
tuesdays has very little competition for smackdown, most people who watch ncis i doubt watch smackdown lols
or you'll just learn to put the seat down because they have to put it up lol. it's pretty even
i never thought of that youre right
and people ask me why i live on a boat in redwood city
also morally grappling with my role in socioeconomic displacement was taxing, to put it lightly
at rnc, said gave to sandy relief fund run by ms. christie. turns out, trump didn't.
say it every day until it gets widely covered and has inpact.
yeah i mean he's lucky he's funny cause that's now how you support your fan base
well me being part of his fan base knows that he's a narcissistic prick and would have probably laughed and said fuck you
lol u really have no love for her...we need a female point of view these days, they now have good knowledge and anita is all in
we can do a lot better than her.
fact the obama administration's additional concessions to will fund more terrorism against the west.
check out conman "fund everything" who told us "refusing to import unvetted muslims, is not who we are"
those are only applicable in context. not a command for modern day christians to follow. find relevant scripture
cherry picking...translation: "i only follow stuff that i agree with in bible &amp; stuff that confirms my prejudices"
breaking | dozens of protesters are breaking into the walmart on north tryon street.
they must be looting for clothes to wear to the funeral...
like wtf
fucking idiots
i am, and it's super to hear from you! everything great with you?
yep! all good these days. :) your book 'the end game' looks awesome! congrats!
yo! why isn't anyone doing an after party after at @ brooklyn bowl las vegas on friday 10/21?!
we will be there on october 14 after ;)
when is there going to be a liberal "no seriously you guys" rock the vote uproar amongst well known actors, musicians, athletes, etc.?
oprah? beyonce? tom hanks? lebron? tom cruise? will smith? jennifer lawrence? meryl? phelps? ariana grande? kanye? kim? taylor swift? em?
when finds a 10 hour youtube of sandstorm and refuses to turn it off :rage4:
it'll turn it self off.... in under 10 hours
wouldn't it be dope if spotify came out with its own little in app shazam? like you "shazam" the song then just add the song right there?
you can already do that
voters have figured it out...
clinton is definitely not the slight favorite one in the race she is sinking like a rock
that woman who called, about &amp; 's .
i wante to ! &amp; his , punch in the &amp; !
white america should thank god for the black church because by all accounts blacks should be just as angry as isis for the the b.s.
even kaepernick is using dumb blacks, he's a newly converted muslim. look at him , he doesn't give a damn about blacks
smart critiques of clinton actually help her candidacy. because she can answer them. unlike trump. and she needs them to be better...
because she's running against a psycho doesn't mean she gets a pass and is the progressive savior.
it's just so horrible to see a relationship that has been spanning for over a decade end.
it happens it's better for them to happy
got hands on with new dlc. looks like has some more streaming to do.
excited about that!
can we get 1/3rd of that audience. lols
at the same time, i don't see 3 million viewers..for us
31 more countries just ratified the on so the total is now 60 countries, over the 55 nation minimum.
but those 60 nations combined only count for 48% of global emissions, short of the 55% threshold that they also need to pass, as i said.
thank you for making me look good ...
i just pushed the button. you did the hard part!
this man, like trump, is not a clown. he's a very sincere piece of garbage. don't photograph him as bozo please.
but we've been known the gay press is full of shit !
if only people would use love as their guide instead of religion... the world would be a better place
i just hate how people internalize certain sections of the bible. you either live sin free completely or u stfu. so much hate
thanks dude!! miss you so much!
i miss you too let's try to hang next weekend yea? hope you have a wonderful bday
trump's favorite disney movie is frozen because a hot blond chick makes her kingdom all white.
hahahahha........this struck me as so straight-on and insightful that it took me off guard. brillian...
-- 's ratings lowest-ever for week 2 -- 4th straight year of decline
- what caused the spike in 2012?
this is me all week so far b/c i either 1. stay up late witting 2. stay up late reading.
writing****. typos run at an all-time high when you're half awake folks!
looking great! do they post the results of these days publicly?
i don't think there are some results. just a meetup ;)
as citizens of america we have a choice. we either choose this or we choose . it's completely up to you.
i choose contestant
the more journalists i meet and the more journalists tell me about journalists - i can see why nobody trusts the media.
have i ever told you that i met lou grant once?
do you have the us stats?
no but u could probably figure out in a few minutes if u want. just google global gdp
in a game with $1m majors, $250k lans from esl, dreamhack, mlg x-games, etc
in a game where ppl still show up for locals regardless of $
they see the glow up
i been here before that lol
.: if doesn't think things have changed for african-americans i invite him to come &amp; walk in my shoes
ok trump you got a personal invite on tv
i was like that before i joined the crew. we're all mates really and the funny thing is thinking of all the games we've been...
love the derby county show the other day, enjoy the day, up the reds
rudy giuliani tells us how we got here. via
"forget political correctness" is a new label for "racial profiling" not in america. thans but no thanks.
that's your best? omg
this isn't a game
marty was the one who got away imo
trash like this show
hey beats from here! btw josh, is now open on state...200' from my office!
hooray for hour
?! what's in sac!
um how come we haven't seen each other
i've had great success with dell xps and linux, used to have a lenovo x201
i've had the xps developer edition, but it forced crappy broadcom wifi (= poor linux support) &amp; battery-eating touchscreen on me!
at what point do news outlets stop writing big stories to say that anthony weiner sexted again? when does it stop being story-worthy? never?
when they run out of puns
that's the problem with public educators today. they teach the weak what to think, not how to think.
oh stop generalizing. i teach poor people how to research &amp; document their lives &amp; life in their communities
oprah? beyonce? tom hanks? lebron? tom cruise? will smith? jennifer lawrence? meryl? phelps? ariana grande? kanye? kim? taylor swift? em?
are they all just squeezing their butt cheeks together and hoping hill will squeaked out a win? are they worried it would cost to speak out?
hope miyazaki stays the fuck away
i hope he stays away forever
don't read leftist huffpost scum--totally biased. trump followers not comparable to rabid dem zombies.
the article is written by a neuroscientist and explains the rise of trump and his appeal. interesting read.
10. remove raw logs: 11. tests fail again with another error:
dropping this link on all toolchain/ci issues:
i'm honored to support the candidate who stands up for all americans. ...
2 icons wow
ya'll will make great stay at home moms one day
but will they tho????
someone stop me with my memes
no tysm for the memes
i have a brown duramax you can buy :)
maybe when it runs ?
three weeks ago...
ever hear of 'stay together for the kids?' same concept.
designers &amp; wfh people: you gotta buy this footbath thing so you can soak while you work lol.
screw wfh, i'm bringing this into the office
this woman is a complete lunatic.
omfg! they're all written by the same asshole! cc
the day died
to what is this referring?
. is on a roll at
nice picture on the screen!
what is your reason? for me, the aesthetics are weird. also seems the purpose is different, but i just learned that
in that kind of list situation, i think the ampersand makes the separation of elements clear, so no need for the oxford.
it feels like the "sid blumenthal started birtherism!" stuff has quieted since asher failed to back up his story. weird.
dave, given what was revealed by the journolist kerfuffle, there's a reason many of us don't trust journalists. doing it again.
i definitely have way more confidence
everythings better when you feelin a1
bro eagles and giants aren't shit like last year and redskins are still shit lol but in wentz we trust lol
yea wentz is doing great i'm surprised but idk the giants beat the saints off a blocked field goal that's pure luck
best of: 1) manchester by the sea 2) la la land 3) toni erdmann 4) the handmaiden 5) paterson 6) arrival 7) aquarius 8) loving
we give you a shout out in our latest ep of and your encounter with .
ep 81 &amp; myself
you don't dress like you're from here rory. and i commend you for that. lmao *slow claps*
i really can't decide if i want the iphone 7 or something else but it doesn't even matter because i can't afford a new phone anyway
the camera is the most attractive feature to me on the iphone 7 but there are so many downsides
i mean finders keepers these guys aren't really "thieves" per se
basic rules of nyc property: if it's on the sidewalk it's fair game
i love going through old stuff. my mom kept a lot of toys i had. it's fun to rummage through the bins.
just stuff i haven't been able to get to. promised her i would today. i hope there's good topics to troll while i am!
boutta win the lotto today first thing imma do is call up my lawyer
the imma cop a ounce of pure blow for $4,500+ n hit up n down
that's right. the thought police are alive and well living in hillary and her ss
did you make a twitter account just to talk about trump and liberals? i think your obsessed.
hpost scum &amp; all america haters &amp; anti-trump scum will burn in hell--hopefully soon!
why are you so angry??
. wasnt even really a nude.. thats was just, ughh ! god bless
wouldn't post a full one on here lol
meanwhile, back in the dustbin of history, beleaguered aussie dietitians invent "mindful snacking", ffs.
you can't make this stuff up.
the best way to get back at someone who's abuse/hurt you is to just live your life and be happy, move on and forget them.
harboring ill-will and negativity and hate towards those ppl will allow their negativity to manifest within you and you'll never be free
ari so thick
girl we be eating good we don't miss any meals over here
i've had the xps developer edition, but it forced crappy broadcom wifi (= poor linux support) &amp; battery-eating touchscreen on me!
in contrast, lenovo x1 has flawless linux support, and offers high-end models without silly touch! love it.
that was a "bitch-smack" is what that was!
oh yeah it was!
before wrapping up event in cleveland, church members pray for
he needs it.
remind me to show you my kuwabara dub impression
whenever i see you next
if we could knock out pond scum johnson we'd see trump is trouncing clinton far worse. is clinton paying this vermi...
it's likely. egg mcmuffin was unleashed to grab utah and skim a few votes from the few states where he is on the ballot.
hey my friend said he met u at fl
oh yeah lol, i met that fool hella randomly. he started talking to my friend and me. cool guy, good music taste.
the imma cop a ounce of pure blow for $4,500+ n hit up n down
lmk if you down for the movement because today dreams come true
the crib in san leandro, wyo early morning
i got this 8.40 a.m. class b we gotta link up today while you're on campus fanly
what color is the sky in dumb cunt fantasyland? lol.
i see you're trying to show off your intelligence again...idk what color is it in fucktardville?
bro i made it the other day, i can deal with it but like def prefer steak or something
yum i could always go for some steak
poll: what is your favorite harry potter film?
i wonder what it's like to be wrong and not say the prisoner of azkaban.
put some respek on his name. thanks.
oh shit my bad. *the weeknd
go back and read your comments. all you do is call people names. there never was an argument, point or discussion
i know what i said. the man is legitimately a scam artist buoyed by white separatism and nationalism. you dense?
here's video of don king accidentally dropping the n-word while introducing donald trump at a cleveland church
using the word negro is not dropping the "n" word...
maybe too tall! lol i'll get whacked in the head
hot dog: $1 daring this guy to torment this lady: $100 her expression: priceless
and i couldn't be more grateful!
completely agree!
the moscow metro wifi login asks me to choose if i'm a man or a woman, with the following ridiculous stock images
security strong enough for man but made for woman
waking up from my nap and finding out one of my classes cancelled
you just tweeted 5 times in one hour
this man, like trump, is not a clown. he's a very sincere piece of garbage. don't photograph him as bozo please.
it's the mainstream gay press that's clown-ish and laughable, tbqh.
i'm so stressed i need the hold up/countdown mash up she did at the fwt.
what is this picture ?
no? then it become wcw with creative control every does what comes from creative or they don't have a job its that simple
creative doesn't always mess up was undefeated for 4 months
no? then it become wcw with creative control every does what comes from creative or they don't have a job its that simple
creative doesn't always mess up was undefeated for 4 months
cheers! you can find our beer in philly. pro tip: visit our friends at
great spot! will try to go tonight or sunday
that's the problem with public educators today. they teach the weak what to think, not how to think.
they document &amp; learn then create legislation to remedy problems &amp; injustices. that is independent thinking
did you make a twitter account just to talk about trump and liberals? i think your obsessed.
who goes back 3 days to inject themselves into a conversation where no ones been speaking for three days.
in that kind of list situation, i think the ampersand makes the separation of elements clear, so no need for the oxford.
though i probably wouldn't use in that context, either. feels weird to me outside of a small set of uses.
trump =dysfunction nothing more. obama has killed more people of color than trump or any of his supporters.
in other words, you think obama/clinton is more dangerous than trump.
depends who you're asking i guess, i say yes
omfg will you live a lil sonny!
trump says republicans not supporting him should be ashamed of themselves. says "never trump" movement is on life s...
just like any white person not joining the kkk should be ashamed of themselves.
i highly agree because the methods of the old school is highly inept
includes financial education!!
nfl top 10, after 2 wks: 1- patriots 2- panthers 3- steelers 4- cardinals 5- broncos 6- bengals 7- giants 8- vikings 9- seahawks 10- packers
thoughts on the knicks over / under of 38.5 ?
like i understand not all use the money for its intended purposes, but some do and that's enough for me
you're a good person no regrets gf
trump on terence crutcher police shooting: "it looked like he did everything you're supposed to do."
he still insulted him. "he was a good man, but i might be clouded because i spoke to his family."
i fuck with him he just be chattin and his assignments go too crazy
his assignments are dumb crazy . he tried to fail me saying i didn't do my work. he go crazy
i'm writing a post about this. i worked for 9 months on a big update to my app. all i saw was bug reports. it does things to you!
it definitely does! looking forward to reading your post
i wish. lol i was driving on a curve
so am i on the 101.
when was this released for public on aws? today?
we launched it on sep 16!
dude i just so happened to listen to this whole album on the way to work and jamed out !!!
we've got that telepathy going on!!
exactly what i thought when i watched. has landed on an outstanding prime time show and good for him...
ikr? has found a true gem! this show is like a warm piece of apple pie, sweet &amp; heartfelt...
not ignorance; blind obedience. why is it a "betrayal" for a black person to not vote dem.?
1) never said that i was just responding to a previous comment. let's not get ahead of ourselves
i was losing out on sales bc amy would recommend meetings 3-4 days out when people wanted next-day meetings :/
don't be shy to tell her the urgency. "amy, please set up a 30 min call for the demo tomorrow"
i wish you a most speedy fall chill to remedy this and a happy happy holiday season
umm how do you two know each other?
major league baseball at the olympic stadium next summer? talks with underway says london mayor .
. as an american millwall fan, last thing i want to do is go there but as a local ny mets fan, i like it!
- your reply has fantasy football written all over it.
yeah it does . 's season ended when ap's did.
proud of joe pa???? how could you not know your friend was doing children...really stupid....
excuse me? joe pa was doing children lol..and you're calling me stupid...you're a fucking moron...foh jackass
i have the iphone 7 ain't had no issues have the 7 plus on order i like it u adapt to it
i guess you can adapt but it is still one more cable you have to think about and could lose it any time...
dammm. this how you know times are hard
it's so hard i tag univision on it... but yo retweet it
hillary clinton is a failure at fighting terrorism - -
what have you been doing to help? pick up a rifle and go get 'em!
buggers!!
i've been a target for jokes since i was young lol
i'll try.... our msm is a bought propaganda machine that geobbels wud admire. its "revealed" if u bother to research
your assumptions about me are annoying. i know exactly what is up with the media.
oke. what did i do wrong??
positivity will remain negative for negative souls.
but that's never gonna happen! just gotta dig through the coals to find the diamonds!
agreed! half the time you can't even understand what these singers are saying - it's not even words lol
join us! starting soon on : global digital call edition w/ afshar
great session ! any concerns of bias against those that are not as digitally fluent? e.g., in hiring.
i actually ate before work today and feel pretty good. what a strange concept.
it happens to me too. just roll with it... role?.... roll.....right?
i love me some trashy fmv games, but the bunker is worse than bad, it's boring. so much wasted potential....
man, not a single mention of adam brown, the main character in the game who starred in three hobbit movies? poor adam.
you are such a neutral balance for the morning crew. your even keel and perspective are greatly appreciated
thank you so much for the note, doug.
but we totally can. if there's 10m homes that tuned in for 10pm show, there's viewers they can win over w/ consistency.
eh, i have feeling that 10pm show was mostly made up of females..that's a difficult demo for wwe
thanks, eddie! can't wait to show you all our drone shots!
i see a couple in the trailer already. look forward to seeing them all! congrats on turning your dreams into reality!
my player 6'5 with trex arms im guarding kd and andrew wiggins this shit not fun i feel like i gotta make a 6'7 pg to keep up
i just want to shoot 3s with no remorse and they're making me work on my post defending
sooo many cute wintery clothes i want in vans but they're so expensive
i usually get vans clothes/shoes in thrift stores cause i'm constantly broke
quick search through 2008
there is prob a wiki that has 2008 and 2015 and would be easy to calculate % of total from that.
jokes write on they own
say something. go ahead
why does ios10 suck so badly
do you consider this oversized bubble design to be sleek and streamlined? feels like using a beta version of droid. woof.
hackers are able to control tesla car from 12 miles away
hacks can drive you off a cliff.. or deliver you to a mugging or 'hit'...
well, i thought you looked bitchen' in your bathing suit reveal. you go gurl!
thx sweetness
i agree! there is no way in hell i would ever see him going back to daytime. amazing show!
is so rich... so many different layers to be explored and this is only the 1st episode
the dangerous, damnable assassination dog-whistle of - volume 6 of my series watch:
. very well done, keith.people have to be reminded just how prevalent guns are in today's society..
nothing less attractive than a girl who's too skinny imo
well ok. if she's got a history of violent felonies towards bfs, that's less attractive
double d asks is the fed's "game over?"
got a funny feeling about this one. will yellen withstand dissent to prove a point?
odell beckham jr. vs josh norman fight night round 2, coming to you live on sunday
who are you putting your money on for this one
ugh, same! making sure i rack up vacation hours for that.
good cuz i gotta make more bread to buy her shit dawg
send in the clown: internet supervillain milo yiannopoulos doesn't care that you hate him
you will never see another dollar or another click from me.
i'll try.... our msm is a bought propaganda machine that geobbels wud admire. its "revealed" if u bother to research
the 1% who own hrc own the media and control everything.
seeing this saturday is this real life?!?! i really hope i'm not an awkward mess when i meet her
we will have fun!!!
big news from ! so excited by how far we've come in the last few years.
wow congrats!!!!
i started in september finished in november. it takes time
how many words? mines suppose to be 600
my favorite book in the series!
this feels like a dumb question, but have you read insomnia?
i think favorite can be a different choice from "the best".
yup. i'm that kind of asshole.
but we totally can. if there's 10m homes that tuned in for 10pm show, there's viewers they can win over w/ consistency.
is the wwe audience there for 3m? yes but i think its more overlap from raw than new viewers
because blm has been inciting violence. cops on edge and the guy wasnt listening to instruction.
they tasered him and shot almost simultaneously. it was a female officer. sad
hi kate scott moved to utah miss your sports coverage
aww, thanks robby. hope utah is treating you well!
lmao i love that you knew who i was talking about. and they sent me some nasty refried curly fries that were orange...
- gross. and they never send knives and forks. i hate themmmm. i need trellis already!
q1: what do youth have to offer to the global strategy for women's, children's and adolescents' health?
facts from experience, energy, passion, creativity to finding solutions, wild thoughts &amp; imaginations
so that means beat her up? the pussiest thing i've seen all day
don't steal where i'm from wether boy or girl you steal from someone they got all right to do you how dey want
i need to fix milo with his dick sooner rather than later
i have a man now i cant
hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured, get well soon. we need unity &amp; leadership.
we have a right not to...
well, anthony weiner is an awful human being, jesus what a creep/ i think he needs a major time out as a free citizen - seriously disturbing
lol isnt the story like 3 weeks old?
oh really?! i thought i was just a shorter way of saying "and". hahah
seems to be the accepted answer on se
2/2 i know you've received a new device but when did your signal issues start happening? is your hd calling currently on? ^tw
it's been happening consistently at the same places for over a year. i'm not sure what hd calling is, my wifi calling is on.
you do realize more white men are killed by police than black people as a whole. let that sink in.
yes i know. there are 8-10 more whypipo so that makes sense. what are you doing about it? what is doing?
does this fool think his words make something magically so?
apparently. for the gullible saps who follow him, they do.
famous dex doesn't deserve to use maaly raw, any of the 808, sonny digital or metro boomins beats
he paid for them so he can use them
been informed a few times over the past week that hot pod is being used as reading in classrooms i am so, so sorry
hahaha. just saw this. you're not required yet in my class, just recommended. :-)
now boarding zones 5,6, eagle faced members and fox faced members...
talk about a nice bag of lunch, mmmmm, yummy.
don't be shy to tell her the urgency. "amy, please set up a 30 min call for the demo tomorrow"
you and me are obviously (and ultimately) at the mercy of the guest. should they not be equally eager :-)
hey , just curious. have you ever been on cover of ?
no. the gay press has never shown any interest in my work whatsoever. not sure why.
do you think hillary clinton will make it to the debate? tune in and hear what callers think:
if makes it, she will most likely have to sit throughout the event. or, she will get sick and leave early.
way too sensitive and needy for my taste
by needy do you mean "have the need to always lick your butt" or "come lay with me so i can lick your butt"?
it also makes it easy to do funny voiceover cuts as well
sometimes it doesn't even need help to be hilarious.
surprise. celebs don't write their cookbooks.
i shall be rushing straight away to to get my copy...
haha! well, maybe there's another film that perhaps some people may like subjectively more. does that count?
i hope not ;) but i'm sure that there will be
are they used for partitioning? sort of departments being individual chains and the business's being derived?
accenture wants to use it for "extraordinary circumstances" where they may need to edit the data.
i'm old not that old tho! lol
sadly, i am.
i wish i went!!! small world
yeah it was random as fuck. he found my instagram and saw that i knew you and we just started choppin it up.
i really felt sick for the whole day. . i'd eat them now tho
maybe it was the altitude.. lol
relation found among and galaxies challenges current understanding of dark matter
(cont) types of galaxies (credit: nasa)
i get to see tomorrow omg so many emotions
beyond jealous
y'all wasn't sampling like outkast, using beats like luda, gettin crunk like lil jon, and dancing like us atlanta niggas. we made this shit!
ny producers always been better
i'll try.... our msm is a bought propaganda machine that geobbels wud admire. its "revealed" if u bother to research
if you knew anything about media, you would know bernie's messages have been consistent even after he was forced to endorse hrc
i haven't even read this and i'm thinking "some editor came up with this idea and someone struggled to prove it"
theyve got an article scheduled for mid november titled: "how hrc losing the election means the left is really winning"
sorry to hear that. fraud alerts are set off by your cc processor / issuing bank, not tock. pls check with them to fix...
whew! took 4 cards and 45 min, but success!!! :d
something is telling me not to go to work
your unconscious mind son listen to it lol, it's the other 90% of the information your conscious mind cannot catch
oh look, he's done it again. but *totally* not a member of the alt-right though...
your father raped your mother. it's in her autobiography. + a raped 13 yr old.
donald trumps usa roster vs hilary clintons usa roster. let me see it
folks. i do not repeat myself, i do not repeat myself. hockey canada will pay for our defensemen folks. i'm tired of them sending their
digital currencies: the big picture
who is the vp of the argentine central bank?
the broadcom is annoying... i just went with a higher quality non-broadcom wifi card.
great! i lost confidence in dell because they sell the xps de as "officially supported for linux", yet give you broadcom wifi =(
french vanilla iced coffee from dunkin' is my go to.
dude the cooladas are pretty bomb
this place is standing room only ppl. it's incredible the for mr.trump and r movement
is this live, now thanks
was it something i said?
no. you were collateral damage. my apologies sir!
fausto puglisi has built a church-jail for his presentation
i'm seeing a pattern politics and religion throughout all fashion weeks
so cool to meet and see her 17 medals at ...they are heavy!!
awesome photo tatyana and simon!!!!!
dudes, the answer has been in front of me this whole time
... whoa, they stole my idea and applied it to mark ruffalo
relation found among and galaxies challenges current understanding of dark matter
(cont) types of galaxies (credit: nasa)
in these challenging times, there is always more that unites us than divides us; chief among them is faith. our prayers to tulsa &amp; charlotte
we have a right not to be disrespected
i don't have the patience!!
what a loser
i don't feel as tired as i usually do today
i take that back i'm sleepy as f right now
was tentacles a spell check?
ya know, after i sent that, i said to myself "nice job mare, you left that door wide open"
no, is just a buffoon who thinks he knows everything. you're better off ignoring this guy.
you're allowed to see my tweets. please don't interact with me unless i give you permission. thank you
joss whedon assembled the avengers and a "shit-ton" of other famous people to get out the vote. (not for trump.)
in particular, is on fire in this video. see what he says about a minute in, then tell me he's lying.
... which is a good example of how difficult it is to actually prove that technology will necessarily make our lives better
well, crap technology, sure.
season was released on netflix on sept 16th, i believe.
nope it's definitely september 22 for
leave my cars alone
cars me too
i just published "ethics and innovation"
nice. i think one question is the assumption you automate people out of jobs is false if demand is high, which it is in it
the true hearted show in san jose on friday won't be a real san jose show unless half of san jose is kicked out of the show by the 3rd song
lol shut the fuck up
this is more bs from berners who'd rathe trump win so the can say i told you'd i under the delusion we'll all run 2 the fringe l
at zephyr teachout rally when bernie spoke they all left. they now realize bernie was a phony.
so that means beat her up? the pussiest thing i've seen all day
end of the day i've never hit a female but for his point of view do what you gotta do
i'll try.... our msm is a bought propaganda machine that geobbels wud admire. its "revealed" if u bother to research
and when he has the opportunity he will be able to speak freely again. until then his hands are tied.
thank you for following us too carlos! have a great day!
you're welcome! have a great day too!
if you're outraged at kaepernick for taking a knee but not by cops shooting unarmed citizens, you are part of the problem
did u watch charlotte pd chief press conference at 9:30? smarter to talk after you watch it.
lol isnt the story like 3 weeks old?
who knows - i just read some of the details &amp; i was just disgusted - he's a major weirdo the carlos danger persona is odd
i been under wayy 2 much pressure new music
rt this if u got alotta shoes
ooh, an experiment! you can chalk the extra 200k results to recent articles implying th...
, you got the bug. can't pull up graphics from the web either.
rih's father
i know but what's happening there lol
accenture wants to use it for "extraordinary circumstances" where they may need to edit the data.
a good portion of the digital currency community will equate that to allowing for bailouts
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
you may need to disqualify yourself. your blind trust idea isn't going to fly. game over.
this science... this ... money taker!
so much going on
oh matt. me thinks you dost transfer your own maladies!!
who's matt?
4:30am to usually 9:30am/10:00am or so. not sure about days though.
atta boy. those are man hours.
but opening the door to this:
i think they might have started there then saw gcf as a needed step, couldn't resist tying in anyway
i looked him up..i dont know him.
he was on the original gilmore girls
who knows - i just read some of the details &amp; i was just disgusted - he's a major weirdo the carlos danger persona is odd
oh shit i just saw the new story from todayt. eesh
mary ate tentacles and single g ate testicles
yes, i ate tentacles. g is the lover of testicles
lmfao i suggest you don't.. and this is coming from someone with a 3k limit
he doesn't know how a credit card works lol
. being listed as the no. 1 starter on the ' depth chart is favorite thing on the internet to...
he's number 1 in my heart. and that's all that matters.
my heart would melt if i found out someone talked about me like this
missy. i talk about you like this. cheesus crisps.
to work you have the right but not to the fruits thereof. from to ! thank you
congrats a super trio. u don't need to be in the 100 cr club you are 'the club'
ugh both of them make me want to eat glass.
well considering one of them looks like they're regularly inhaling it...
ugh, friend sent link to this skirt... it is now ordered, with three other things.
do they make this in a men's large?
no my mother taught me to work harder than the next man and anything i get i would have to earn.
that's a good thing. why does ultra liberal bill maher say " the more you know of islam the more you will be terrified "?
she like my shoes everytime she look at my shoes igot new shoes
rip shawty lo
email me sampled beats i repeat sampled beats has to be dope send them to stefthakid.com
hey hyd check these out
they are in worse shape than the lions, injury-wise.
*for now. depends on length of ziggy and levy.
same. dad told me he use to make screen doors for submarines. i was gullible . uncle fought sharks
are you blonde????
i would laugh wildly, but i don't want any of my piss to overflow onto the floor
i am certain the department of renal impairment has rules about such things....
demand for a life saving drug w/no substitute is nigh inelastic. do you econ bro?
right but what should the price be? peer-pricing makes sense to me
wait till we have to pull out the old angular coders ;-)
i'm betting on technology collapsing before then
the only living girl in new york (who didn't get sexted by anthony weiner): a memoir
i feel like richard at the end of the secret history: i know it was all awful and immoral but i can't help but feel left out.
the general reaction to his slip of the tongue is ... interesting.
this is the best clown trump could get? where has sarah palin been lately?
when your first class is canceled so you just sit here and listen to the les mis soundtrack
now i have to too
ew! sucky!! it's setup 3 meetings in two days. it's nice to have when coordinating w mult. persons.
alex. 3 is good. here's what you are chasing ;-)
there was no sound for the 1st 60 seconds of the stream. do you know what happened?
i didn't know! thanks for telling me..
joe pas coaching buddy you fucking idiot....get your story straight.....
go fuck yourself moron...i'm not debating some clueless prick that refuses to hear the truth...get the fuck out of my mentions!
today's cover: jennifer aniston knew brangelina would end one day
we have a right...
lol isnt the story like 3 weeks old?
then he's taking weird photos with his kid? how the hell do we get duped by these politicians - he was elected like 8 times!
after reading this article, i'm convinced that has never met a woman or a millennial in his entire life.
why do you think we call him cardinal douthat? false moralizing like its 1950"s.
i'm going to destroy and then pick up the pieces and put her back together because she's my friend
half expecting a sloppy make out sesh instead of an actual fight
i still maintain that giving terry collins manager of the year in '15 was like if they gave linus pauling's fridge a nobel prize.
excellent comparison! i was like "what?!" when that hsppened.
shut up you lost to the rams who cant score a touchdown
they always beat us i came to just accept the fact the rams play their best game of the year against us.
good morning..here's a peek in that pink silk you love
mmm, would love to rub your boobs.. i mean biceps... hell, they're both tempting!
it's been happening consistently at the same places for over a year. i'm not sure what hd calling is, my wifi calling is on.
my lte settings are on voice and data.
she was talking about calamari, but i thought the same thing.
of course yous did, why would today be any different?
sorry to hear that you experienced issues once again. we look forward to replying at safewaysocialmedia.com. ref ur tweet!
done - its a shame that you guys didnt reply to my email, i guess thats the power of twitter :)
when from likes your tweet!!!! now i just have to go see you &amp; ryan on your fall t...
it's meant to happen
trump will make great trade deals that put america first!!
will put trump organization first. blind trust will not work. he just needs to step down.
returns will be mean-reverting for msft/goog/aapl because of sheer size. there's a lack of the next gen in the public markets
i see what you mean, but have hunch that since opp for tech is larger, the ceiling is higher for valuations.
lmfao i'm going back to work cheers!
have fun g!
hey i'd be honored to send you a new copy, signed, from my author stash. you still gave me the best review i've ever seen.
if you want, just dm me your address and i'll put it in this mail this week :)
which is in stark contrast to the peace &amp; creativity in my mind. it may be time for some hardcore tl curation.
fight. always fight. never give in.
why isn't it illegal (anticompetitive) tying when comcast charges more for internet service than internet+tv? (asking for a friend.)
does it matter? just don't connect the tv cable. like.... order a mcdonald's combo and skip fries
breaking: rizin will broadcast in tv. (usa, japan, south korea, czech rep, croatia and brazil.) more details soon.
with the goods!
then he's taking weird photos with his kid? how the hell do we get duped by these politicians - he was elected like 8 times!
what sucks is he's a legit good politician. like policies/effort etc. but he's got some serious personal demons
happy birthday vane!!! lol jk i hope you have a great birthday
smh lmao thanks araceli!
did donald trump really just use a convicted murderer 2 attest to his character? another first in the bizarre presidential election of 2016.
yes, and reince argued with donald and successfully kept n word using felon from attending rnc.
proven track record of killing people and bending over for corporate interest. trumps an ass hrc kills people
i just want to clarify, hrc/obama will be more dangerous than trump?
right so babies aren't free/cheap.
"usually you spend $6" is a miscategoriezed combination of $43 spent on mexican food in 2013 and our yearly credit card fee.
oh shit i just saw the new story from todayt. eesh
anything that involves kids really to me is point of no return &amp; ya need to be incarcerated - he's fucking sick in the head
they are responsible for everything not just the good you know that yes?
yeah i blame them for that deplorable face run had
happy birthday to my great friend happy birthday from me and all of us. ...
thank you from the bottom of my heart!!!!!
what you were there? i want to meet you!
ah, i had to leave early since my class starts at 7:15. but yes, let's meet!
q1: what do youth have to offer to the global strategy for women's, children's and adolescents' health?
facts from experience, energy, passion, creativity to finding solutions, wild thoughts &amp; imaginations
yeah maybe in the 70s when hip hop started all the way until p diddy got washed up
na since then and even now atl got some talent but ny producers are the best no one can touch araab muzik from the south
it's going to be weird when almost immediately after the election, donald trump is on trial for fraud.
maybe rape also?
same. some time back when i asked her certain questions, she blocked me.
have caught this accnt do objectionable things many times, making fun of tipu sultan once
[extremely 20-year-old sec college republican from dallas suburbs voice] "so here's what martin luther king would think..."
fuck that guy
yah it's a quick trip to see char--i'll let you know how the itinerary shakes out
aw cute! yeah lemme know if you get any free time--i'll be hanging around. no worries if not!
she lives in a pseudomarxist fantasy world. viva la progressive stack!!!
comments like this is why i called you a drama queen. your histrionics are hilarious.
i see what you mean, but have hunch that since opp for tech is larger, the ceiling is higher for valuations.
what this means is that tech companies that'll ipo at later stages in next few yrs have that much more growth left in them.
one of the most influential speakers
thanks gary, i didn't want to be the one to correct that
i liked a video from venus ferrari - alpha girl (official music video)
tyvm; 4the &amp;
fade of this range has been the trade for few days. a close outside after fed gives us something new. $spy
this was discussed in our am meeting. the way i traded was via 212 &amp; 210 puts expiring friday.
as i think about it, don king's speech today was definitely in the top 10 of "wow" moments from covering this campaign.
if trump and king combined for a duet of "the snake," that could have been the topper.
love the book loved the film too
damn good read. i was a big fan of ellroy's black dahlia as well.
excellent [ps -- how's the situation on site??!?]
i am covering from afar so hopefully - i know boss was
you guys are the worst. but uncle foojee is here!
i can contribute 1 game per week :p
the situations in tulsa and charlotte are tragic. we must come together to make america safe again.
what are your plans?? martial law, racial profiling?? what??
kissing my hands or rubbin my thighs
rubbing thighs is sexual woman
kshama sawant says it better than i can.please watch there sort vids
i would have supported bernie against trump, but bernie is not the nominee.
child goals?
cutest thing alive!!!!
that's true, but sometimes amy will suggest 2 meeting times for tomorrow that don't fit the client's schedule
i hear you scott. you can always force her to do tomorrow only. it's just a bit risky imho (sales wise).
what sucks is he's a legit good politician. like policies/effort etc. but he's got some serious personal demons
he was - it is just another example of "ya don't know these ppl at all personally" - none of us do
why you gotta cover name up names?
really?!?!?!
a good portion of the digital currency community will equate that to allowing for bailouts
i think as long as the market can choose its currenc(y/ies), build whatever weird blockchain you want.
isn't it time to retire the term "his and hers"-as in "his and hers bathrooms"-from real estate listings?
yeah but we need to come up with a different way of describing it. "double toilets"?
bruh that's just bad bro 9-3
i know our o-line is shit but we all know the seahawks start off like shit this happens every year.
trying to find cute bras to fit my tits is a major pain in the ass!!! ...
i like you in blue and black.
not everyone can be or should be mocked..u can
you're not mocking... you need to produce substance to mock. and you're not a troll you just try to insult like anyone cares
i'm not worried assuming you're a white american male. you're an endangered species. your witness is becoming trivial. 2020 minority
hate will always find a way into a life without a god- i could be a middle aged thai
im gone fuck you so hard boy, your tight smooth virgin hole gone get the bareback fuck of a lifetime!!...
fucking unretweet this shit are you hacked
what is funny about this trailer is that they announced the main actors by starting with kevin costner ._.
i didn't even notice that...
and fifa
everyone smashes me at fifa though
okay, y'all can have , even after the election when she tries to come back. we'll take that megan rapinoe...
watching scott, king etc....i'm learning that you should never ask trump for a favor --the payback is awful.
i call shenanigans on 20 questions nvc... that was a "monumental" hint you gave them lol
i definitely give too many hints.
me too. irish. would vote the shit out of it. would vote so hard lol x
irishamerican. 2nd generation. i'm voting &amp; tossing holy water on the machine. couldn't hurt
a bit of dancing.
get roginsky off the show.
thanks for following. break a leg at fringe fest. your new baby will have a blast.
thank you!!
can you help find his opponent scott garrett who lies about superstorm sandy support &amp;avoids debates
garrett lies about zadroga - proof right here -
just a took the best nap in my car
that car is so comfortable
aww boo hoo honey pie...better ask your husband....lol....fucking dumb cunt.
haha you're fun..u have quite the limited vocabulary...typical hillbot..your momma must be proud
lmfao @ face to face and hebrew
yeah i have no idea wtf happened there.
what this means is that tech companies that'll ipo at later stages in next few yrs have that much more growth left in them.
which, btw, if you control for inflation and market %, isn't going to be a higher percentage than it was for top tech in 90s.
how much did that cost us?
$220 million in tax breaks and grants.
we've found our debate-viewing option
nice. tho i still think a bar (gotta be some right?) would be fun!
starting in 15 minutes! hope to see you there.
missing yours for
remember when megan t fell like three times in a row playing third ?
yes she's so clumsy
09.19.16 featuring + more...
shout out to
mine was due is 10/4-10/10. then told 9/23. then told today. it's currently in south korea.
i should point out i don't live in south korea. i live in brooklyn.
....before we knew each other. parallel lives now joined. it's weird. best one my 2004 encounter with a 17yr old
yes,i'm sure quite common with match going reds! it's a marvelous podcast,helps me feel connected to supporters
at work 9:30am. log in to meeting invite sent 9 pm last night for an 8am meeting today. reply back to the organizer "you serious?"
cuz, unlike apparently most people, i refuse to put my work email on my personal phone. want me reachable 24/7? give me a paid for device.
thinking about syria: would lincoln or sherman have bombed civilians in atlanta if they had the technology?
no. concept of creating (vs avoiding) massive civilian casualties was not common before ww2. they went to the field to fight.
also this is interesting
interesting. we'll have to wait and see. still a valid discussion
cops say vic had gun. where is video? state law says they don't show it. have no body cam. why not? transparency is key
please boss, can you trust the cops.
she lives in a pseudomarxist fantasy world. viva la progressive stack!!!
come on just say it. black.lives. matter. . doesn't mean your life matters any less.
maybe shut your mouth for good..!
what is wrong w u?
i hear you scott. you can always force her to do tomorrow only. it's just a bit risky imho (sales wise).
having the sales meeting altogether tend to be of greater priority to having the meeting tomorrow only.
still the best thing my friends and i did in high school.
yo u see these fuckin projections? make me click bait and give me millions of us dollars!!!!!
millennial here. argument invalid, i enjoy occasional whiskey but no beer these days - has too many calories.
and gluten, which us milennials hate
2 an email address from the emails. the video is excellent. mind sharing what tools you used to make it?
i see. video was by ?
i'm in fit so it was through the suny app, and it was at different prompt. it was up to 750 words
that's funny cause i'm considering fit as one i'm going to apply too. that's wassup, good luck girl
here's what my battery looked like after hiking either 6.8 km (if you believe apple health) or 5.92 km if you belie...
it was 8,023 steps either way. i had either pokmon go or twitter or opensignal running with the screen on the entire hike.
mikehappy wednesday friends! mom says that i'm cute!
mom is so right!
of my top ten concerts of all time leonard cohen is # 1 and he might be &amp; as well.
i guess you never saw prince.
the worst thing you have on trump is something that's not even a crime, keep trying
lol, bribing the flo da to drop the case is as criminal as it gets, in politics. (and the tex da)
i hate videos that have that grudge thing come out
like i really thought that video was going to be a kid dancing
opinions of politicial scientists or economists ignorant on the fundamentals of bitcoin &amp; blockchain, will eventually become worthless.
satoshi's ideas on authority, decentralization &amp; trust have shaken these social sciences to the point of turning all past notions esoteric.
any listicle that calls ken jennings funny sucks
what if ken jennings was black tho
-i would enjoy if gamescoop had a new segment called "fan mail" where fans can submits questions via or
we answer fan mail every episode.
thank you i really do appreciate it
of course, your welcome! have a great day!
ooh, actually jango is a good one--without legends he's nothing
new franchise - 'mandolorians: a star wars history'
: i saw s/o request adding a call to sync in a code review, bec. "you never know when your app will quit." accurate in ios 10?
inaccurate as of 8. sync does not cause it to become safe faster. caveat: unless you're calling exit()/abort() yourself
nice talk this morning at on devops-15 ways to fail by . beyond tools, cooperation first!. cc
thanks for your feedback, glad you liked it!
waking up and realizing last night actually happened - i can't wait to marry my best friend!
omg congrats lady!
6 things that happened when i tried meditating every day for a month - prevention
did you really try this?
my little old man
yoo what u doing tomorrow
still a bit of space left in refactoring to java 8, continental 1/2/3. starts in 10 mins!
dam, wish i could be in two place at once. btw i recognise some of those faces in the audience ;-)
shopping will solve all of my problems
i am so in love with
if only there was some fantasy strategy that benefited from running back injury chaos. (hey, i was late, too. hail ).
i drafted simms and mckinnon, my gem mining team salutes you
gonnnna explode with excitement
its a possibility but not set in stone :/ ill keep ya updated!
tyron makes that look far worse than it is
yeah - if the edge gets sealed, elliott gets outside and frederick's block is fine.
focus on the good. the happy things, both big and small.
easy ready to go, complete . good &amp; happy things
warm bday wishes , , ann sorkowitz, david mcarthur, (3/6)
thank you mr sherwood !
let us know the next time you're in town for more than a layover
p.s. the mandarina is wonderful
this is a verbatim transcript of something trump said today. if you think its a hit piece, its because you disagree...
at least frank is articulate.
you're not tupac shut up
yooooo when i come down ima beat ur ass
yea they also gave her the title
for what 3 weeks
my poor ume baby isn't feeling too well :,( the worst part about traveling for work is being away from mike and my...
meowsers will be resilient, don't worry!
inaccurate as of 8. sync does not cause it to become safe faster. caveat: unless you're calling exit()/abort() yourself
(it lets you delay calling exit() until the right time; sort of the flip side of getting to disk faster)
most of these progressive minded people are weak. in many ways. it's unfortunate.
weak? my comment is factual. 89% of white murder victims are killed by other whites. mostly men. most rapes too
do you know what episode it was?
not sure, i can't actually remember the episode number nor can i find it on the app, but it's the first big show episode.
new driverless highway would ban non-autonomous vehicles during peak hours
we want to encourage autonomous so i "fixed" the graphic ;)
this just showed your age boy! lol such a baby!
quil....we are literally a year a part, probably less than that. don't flex
i just don't care about the adventures of corran horn, tycho celchu, crinckle cut, hinckley cankle and the rest of the squadron.
kyp durron tho.....
a paid-for device and an on-call allowance to compensate for the extra work you're expecting
that too, which is another big reason i noped out of my last job.
you don't even cover transgender issues responsibly, but you put this in your pages.
. wait, so they edit out fucking, but leave in a trans slur? christ on a cracker.
ktvu question of the day: do you support legalizing recreational marijuana? why/why not? this question is on california's november ballot.
because locking people up for using a generally safe and naturally occurring plant that was made illegal dishonestly is silly
most people i know just aren't financially responsible (me included) the more you make the more you spend, the more you have.
a lot of people don't understand that the more money you make, the more expensive your lifestyle becomes.
we got on the wheels today 3p - 5p
can i listen in or i gotta come by?
yea they also gave her the title
not to mention that one night tournament where they basically handed the championship
i am seeking to expand the police force by 150 bodies, as well as 81 public safety positions. (cont)
and what your doing by trying to expand the police force should not come out of the public pocket how would like if your family
hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured, get well soon. we need unity &amp; leadership.
get well soon? wow what concern. bs
: 'did covenant come out with a new album???'
that would be "as the fish sing the chorus as the water grinds the stone as birds of the sea."
my iphone 7 plus was originally due september 23. then was told sept. 23 to oct. 4. now it's on truck for delivery. time travel is funny.
my watch was due on the 30th. then the 23rd. now it's supposedly coming tomorrow.
it's. smith machine not impressive rt : white girls are evolving
yeah thats literally nothing. i mean maybe cuz its a girl? i guess its impressive if most girls can't do it. i duno
awww, you have no idea the week i'm having-thank you
hi patty. i hope that things straighten outsoon
a paid-for device and an on-call allowance to compensate for the extra work you're expecting
i relented and let them put my phone number into pagerduty, but i did not disable auto-silence at night so it never woke me up.
which, btw, if you control for inflation and market %, isn't going to be a higher percentage than it was for top tech in 90s.
one example: may be near all time high in absolute value; but not in % of value of nasdaq.
to the living legend
thank you so much :) hope you, greg, and my lil friend are doing well in my 2nd home :)
how much did it pain you to say 'was' instead of 'were' in yesterday's mailbag question? they need a grammar check for questions.
i usually make those fixes when i transfer the mailbag questions for air - i must have missed that one.
i swear quiande looks for reasons to argue . like i didn't know who he was and i asked a question , he could have just told me
instead he got upset . like who hurt you ?
pt 2 bc we're so much cuter now
my bracescwere disgusting
thread of my favorite vines!
35.) i ain't got no sleep cause of y'all
most of these progressive minded people are weak. in many ways. it's unfortunate.
i'll state it again: as a white woman, the biggest risk i face is from white men. from data and life experience
let's see, photo of corner of california and mason; you're staying in scarlet huntington. about 8th or 9th floor, ne side :-)
correct, 12th floor :-)
i am seeking to expand the police force by 150 bodies, as well as 81 public safety positions. (cont)
was the one to pay hefty fines esp everything going on in this world i don't live in nassau but my grandmother died and your cops
when i started calling a liar 5 years ago he threatened to sue me. why hasn't he threatened to sue ?
didn't he say something dull like, "but that's for later.."
totally let her off the hook. gave her multiple outs. can we please get some serious journalists?
the media outlets act as if they are afraid of trump and his surrogates. but they vilify hrc all day
big fan too - and of the topic more generally. must have been a fascinating thesis.
looks pretty interesting, haven't come across it before.
my mom really wants to leave southern california within the next year.........
where we going ??
does out magazine have a habit of issuing trigger warnings, or just for scary gays like milo?
milo isn't scary. he's a troll. like him, they want attention but hide behind facades.
great news! , can you provide details?
and we all know this guy never lies.
a monk in japan vowed to climb the same mountain 1,000x to achieve nirvana-reviving (/revising) an ancient tradition
quitting was *not* an option.
boxing: do you like any current boxing writers? are there any you despise? why?
there are very few truly good boxing journalists left
i saw this in firenze and thought "he never mentioned he had a museum"
i like to keep it on the dl, don't like to brag
banks is laughing all the way from the deck of a gsv somewhere.
&lt; sigh &gt; hope springs eternal. we live in the future, but it's a shitty future.
won't answer questions for 122 hours but will pretend he's sensible *sigh*.
read your tweets. you don't say anything that maters. you haven't said anything in defending your view of god because u can't
yes, yes! happy birthday brother!
thank you my titan!!
exactly, they decide to use only the hateful parts of it but completely ignore the parts about loving your neighbor
either that or label homosexuality as the biggest. as if there's some fucking scale on which sin is worst than the other
i am seeking to expand the police force by 150 bodies, as well as 81 public safety positions. (cont)
at nassau some can be real jerks but ignoring a claim she put in for lost jewelry
: 'did covenant come out with a new album???'
played frisbee golf with covenant, after an hour eskil was so drunk he thought i was someone in their band.
owner pretends to collapse to see his dog's reaction. a dog's loyalty is second to none.
i hope rues now like this lmao
the 'abstract thought' scene was definitely one of the most clever things i've seen in a while
that scene immediately brought the thought visualizations in to mind
thread of my favorite vines!
36.) i ain't got no sleep cause of y'all
can we do this let's reserve a room
reserving it today
...yes. but are they threats? no. this is a case of two politicians no one likes trying to get votes.
i agree that you can say he isn't threatening her life directly. he's not saying "shoot hillary", obviously
in darden's book he's totally upfront about wanting to date marcia but the circumstances weren't right etc. it's great.
can i borrow it when you're done?
this is a verbatim transcript of something trump said today. if you think its a hit piece, its because you disagree...
katy, i fear for you too esp wherever you are on nov 8.
if you had $1million to spend on health what would you spend it on?
1 million goes to seed grants to youth led organizations for sustainable social enterprises
most of these progressive minded people are weak. in many ways. it's unfortunate.
the only weak-minded people here are you two, if you refuse to acknowledge the facts. google crime of proximity.
lol i don't fear islam most blacks don't white america has been far worst.
then you are blessed
out mag does know that featuring a black person is not the same thing as featuring someone who loves black dick, ri...
someone tell me what it's like to be openly hateful and yet have a publication salivate at the thought of featuring your racist white ass.
old money californians are the worst. i couldn't read much joan didion for that reason.
becky is a midwesterner iirc
donate to &amp; we'll match up to $1mm in contributions
propaganda tell obama to give up his salary
well you need to use proper context even though it is twitter... so people see what side you are on. i erased it
no, i don't. if you realized its not your job to correct every grammatical error your life (esp on twitter) will be better.
i saw this in firenze and thought "he never mentioned he had a museum"
legit though, super jealous you're in florence! my family get their name from the ponte vecchio,i've always wanted to see it
i'm shocked at the dearth of materials on how to effectively run early stage research for startups, including needfinding.
it's extremely hard to get an audience with potential customers who aren't consumers.
most societies? you need to travel more..
apologies, i meant most non-western countries, since that was the topic at hand.
i'm no doctor but i think the us has the means to do that surgery here.
maybe rb would rather him get treated by the doctors there in leipzig?
screams internally and externally i cant deal rn blessssss
im so excited
- i went deep down the rabbit hole last night
i'm still waiting on the big quint review of isiah rashad's new album
i want to build a service that sends an awesome long-form article, from a variety of different topics, to read before you go to bed.
my instapaper and nuzzel have become too noisey.
it is not in the main house. this is in our central courtyard.
that makes more sense. thanks!
yes! i'll watch it here too i need a little aaron tveit in my life.
i second that
i'm shocked at the dearth of materials on how to effectively run early stage research for startups, including needfinding.
what market segment are you targeting?
she has clearly defined agenda. all may please be watchful b4 allowing her a foot hold.
agreed, agenda is to ridicule army and make us believe kashmir is a lost cause
twenty-one pilots in february and rhcp in march 2017 lookin good so far
omfg dude me and cam are going to both toooooo
such a good debater you are! ;)
need a break the level of retard is high.
yo it's birthday!! the man who had a huge helping hand in this summer's projects! cannot tha...
omg thank you so much whitney you're the best
where does trump find these idiots? these people will say anything for money.
kellyanne plays dumb most of the time. whatever you ask her, she will give a negative clinton response.
hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured, get well soon. we need unity &amp; leadership.
you need to drop out. blind trust won't work. conflict of interest. you need to sell or drop out they are your two options
well this is garbage
it was deleted...
well then can we make a suggestion?
of course you can!
great scene, love the look on spacey's face; years later, lana's daughter stabbed her mother's gangster boyfriend to death.
that's the official story but i've heard and read that lana did the stabbing and then the daughter took the blame.
shoutout to for coming to my school and performing for my birthday weekend looking forward to the concert man
can you get people.putside the school tickets?????????
my housemates blew a fuse and now i have to shower in the dark
the one housemate who wasnt awake fixed it by himself. wtf. i left without food or coffee and he just knows how to fix this ish
we're recording our pod tonight &amp; field reports from you on sunday! send us your aos reactions to level7accesspod.com!
outstanding. quake &amp; ghost rider together was something i could have never dreamed of 4 years ago. perfect!
happy from jake! goofy pretzel position! happy day, everyone!
he knows how to sofasurf!
happy bday from me and all of the kardashians. we you!
thanks so much k you too
did we know that weeks ago?
reported weeks ago.
these people are incredibly dense
i can see you be that reporter lmfaooo
very much so - and i'm hoping the "payoff" is to advance it.
did you look at the comments though??
tory lanes sings the song "luv"???
i didn't even think of that dude lol
anyone other than the oppressors and the uncharitable.
there's a lot of christian lefties diametrically oppsed to the evangelicals. but i guess they tend to be meeker.
change it to my fav pic
that's what it was before, i'm tired of it lol
...yes. but are they threats? no. this is a case of two politicians no one likes trying to get votes.
but when you say things like that, it puts the idea in the listeners heads. and that is enough to endanger her life.
avg rent for a 2b in seattle almost $2k and if you make less than $80k you're in the minority. affordability is a crisis.
can't believe i rented a 4br house in haller lake for $2.2k/mo this last year. owners ratcheted it up to $2800/mo after i left!
celebrating my 26th birthday in bat-style! can i get a happy birthday from the real...
happy batday dan, have a great day!
how's it going? hope all is well.
hey dude! doing ok- just busy as heck. how are things w/you?
thread of my favorite kate vines
6.) i put the junk in junket baby
my instapaper and nuzzel have become too noisey.
hmm should it be an app or email list?
andddddddd peterson is done for the year so there goes any chance i had...
you took his backup from me i claimed him
they took the money my dad had laying around in his car but in my moms car they just threw the stuff in her car around..hby?
same thing! they just trashed my car and my dads and broke my dads rosary beeds and took his work phone.. such scum
to be fair you are openly hateful and i salivate at the thought of seeing you every day
just realized i am your milo
funny how leftwing people rush to defend the press, always -- while claiming press is not leftwing
guys, if journolist taught us anything, it's that journalists don't coordinate messaging
this comment was a bit much. i don't imagine tony robbins teachings support this kind of response.
literally typed in the word "dumb" in the search box &amp; that's what was generated. i chose this because this is dumb
not everyone can be or should be mocked..u can
nobody takes you seriously you only attempt 2 insult but can't defend your beliefs. it's sad you must believe out of fear
bc what's supernatural without the bromance??
demons...and nothing else? dunno.
now an more positive press?
hillary gets a lot of unfair free passes.
omg you are so kind. thank you so much still ordering a replacement copy.
you are the kind one. i will never forget that review. plus...you were carrying my book on the train these months later? &lt;3
s&amp;c coach most likely to lecture you about proper nutrition while inhaling an entire bucket of chicken wings...
cultivating mass.
you as a human.
i need to be this human for my life to be complete
this is my the greatest app, it's just a tribute:
i just watched your video. i'm glad you're back.
in livelier news, told me we're doing red carpet . (walking ...not filming). i got my dress.
must share pics.
anybody know of a site where i can watch episodes of basketball wives: miami?
hulu.. they all are on there. if you don't have it sign up for the free trial!
it would be a different situation of dex had a trash tape trust me
by now he woulda been witch hunted but nah man hes on the safe zone
humans are strange. activity trackers may undermine weight loss efforts
so the lessons are: don't eat more just because you have a fitbit, and don't stop at the 10k steps/day threshold.
oh fuck yes.
it's gonna be a good day
what's your point? hillary is racist? please.
hillary is a racist! how blind and bias are you? she is an elitist pig
siracon. you should go. tickets are available, available now!!!
they should hold it somewhere that isnt north carolina next year :-/
professor jus stopped class n said "any time i talk about grammar brandon's eyes gloss over like he's thinking about anything else" tru
when sempai notices the little things
i don't need a yoga book i don't need a yoga book i don't need a yoga book i don't need a yoga book i don't ne- *clicks buy*
it's only money!
me all the time.
maybe it's a capricorn thing right now
the first comment was meant to be interpreted that 2nd amendment voters come out in force....
that may be what he meant, but that's not what a lot of his followers heard
anthony weiner, you are one sick dude! 15-year-old teen comes forward! via
this wiener guy!!
lmfao i hope they're not having premarital sex or else they're going to hell too
my point exactly like how you gunna pick which parts of the bible to obey... (literally hate people)
i really shouldn't be surprised by how much i love those early seasons of supernatural. bro-mance, bro-pain, inner demons, anti-heroes.
i don't think i've seen seasons 4-5. now you're making me want to! the bromance is the best part of that show.
a title run is a title run you seem to forget they didn't care about the women till a little over a year ago
and for 300 somewhat days the title meant nothing
how's the holiday?
fantastic thanks! currently in yosemite park - scenery is stunning. on to san francisco tomorrow for the last leg.
db developers meetup is on its way. head over to john collins now!
feeling old and left out. this is where the cool kids play. but hey, they got t-shirts !
thread of my favorite kate vines
7.) lets get down to business
nice! you know that is an import from canada? how was it?
all the best things come from canada. was amazing!
when you wrong you gotta apologize to your girl
when you right you gotta apologize to your girl because you're wrong for being right during the argument.
trump supporter angrily called mcmullin's indian-america spox . you'll never guess what happened next....
he seems nice
yo if you guys make your drinks into bottles with caps that would be a seller.
we do!! tallboys, shortboys, pet bottles, etc! check 'em out on our website.
some random bitch pulled my hair while i was walking to 3rd
some pe teacher gave me a nasty attitude
announcement today :)
what do you guys think it is?
hey man, any luck? was taking a test and logged on little to late. missed out on the two tops.
yes, i booked a 4top. i ran it by the others, and they seem ok with you joining. 8:30pm
q2: who or what stands in the way of enabling youth leadership in the global health response?
difficulty 2 embrace change even if it's good. youth leadershp in e global health response needs a revolution
okay, anyone care to vote? :) left photo or the one on the right? thanks in advance!
the right one for the "clear" choice. ;-)
slow progress is better than no progress! in 3 weeks i've lost 5lbs &amp; several inches
yea you're face and your boobs look smaller
coming out okay?
eh, neither here nor there
does someone need to catch these hands
yes someones about to catch both our hands giiiirlll we have a lot of catching up to do
hey man, any luck? was taking a test and logged on little to late. missed out on the two tops.
will you be in the bay area any time soon?
these images... these voices... they plague me everyday. all day. i may seem strong on the outside but my soul is screaming for help.
hang in there. it'll be alright. you'll be alright.
representing at diversity and inclusion career fair
so glad i can be a part of this!! thank you
weird!! sorry about that. can i ask what country you are in?
that's ok, i finally worked! i'm in the us, in san francisco
the problem with liz spayd is that she thinks like a metro news editor in 1996
her main concern seems to be avoiding angry emails from sensitive older readers and turning off the times' phantom conservative audience.
look at me! im deplorable! weeeeee!!!! lol. youre a fucking ignorant cunt.
weee i love it as do millions of others, cunt cunt cunt cunt..4 times now..still don't care..lol
. on : "what he needed was a helping hand and they gave him a bullet in the lungs."
thanks for covering this story, the truth need to be told
off topic question, that guy grinding on your snapchat... is that your boyfriend?
no but he was in one of them
hi can you greet chuck a happy birthday? please please? his account is indominuschuck thank you.
happy batday chuck! have a blast today
*frantically presses buzzer*
what exactly is geometric about a squirrel?
have lost their qb, rb and lt already. can't remember any team ever losing so many pieces so early.
pats lots brady gronk and solder. for short term tho.
why is it that every time i want to buy something i have no money.
and every time you have money there's nothing you want to buy
things i'm looking forward to next weekend: seeing and beating in pokemon testing my tabletop all of gx4
oh is that this next week? oy.
cop get shot by black person - blame black person black person get shot by cop - blame black person. this is such a weird country.
cop gets shot by white person, blame the white person. white person gets shot by cop... oh wait, that rarely happens.
i'm proud to say that our hillary victory fund event was a huge smash &amp; raised $10,000!! thank you to everyone who attended!
i knew it would be
i literally wake up, open snapchat and go watch snapstory like everyday. new york drag is so cool
you're welcome!!
i'm confused
he's playing the detective trying to solve the murders
we're gonna have to use the broncos strategy from last year
that is not a sustainable strategy. margin is so damn small unless bradford is a top7 qb. ap put us over imo.
don't be stupid, you know exactly what i mean! just like a liberal!
obama eliminated bin laden and reversed the recession. period.
oh ok. never been there!! so i think i'll do that one. gracias!!
carmines is good!!
i loove your newest video! my fav advice from you is to always believe in yourself! &lt;3
thank you so much mama! im so grateful for your love and support ps. when are you coming to ny again !?
what's up with this fucking bozo in line behind me trying to stand directly next to me and read my screen
i straight up tell people back up or i let them go in front of me
i drink so much that it has become apart of my clothing style
you got any az merch?! check it out on our website!
rob just told me what it means to slide into the dms... i get it now.
dont worry fam you are not alone on this one i had to urban dictionary it too
are you holding into the conference? i've got ptsd from novovax.
yes, holding until it's acquired
the situations in tulsa and charlotte are tragic. we must come together to make america safe again.
maybe you can tell us at the debates. to say: we need to get tough, doesn't cut it. specifics please.
fauxminists, first time seeing that word.
since they are not really for women's rights, instead self-victimizing, i like to incorporate "faux". i like it
but you can't control what other people interpret. then you start treading on the first amendment.
after the outrage that started, the least he could do is clarify for those who may have fallen behind that he didn't mean it
how do you peer-price a unique product? you lose no customers until death is pref to price.
there are a lot of life-saving rare disease drugs that cost up to $1m a year. this drug 25k 1x
cool joke, bro, except he's married to 's top aide.
kasich supporter but thanks.
i lived in rockridge, too, but somehow that was 15 years ago
next time you're in town let's have coffee at cole's and swap stories.
hope you don't have to wipe too much
ugh, the worst. and ur just sitting there like how much longer is this gonna be
i have tears anytime you post this pic lol
would you believe me if i told you this was on a launch day? lmao
oh btw, imma text u 2morrow some items and tell me yes or no
okkk i will be looking out for that !! i'm excited lmaoo
you as a human.
meanwhile i'm not human at all...
thread of my favorite kate vines
9.) this one speaks for itself
to the tweet? no but i did now. what do you mean?
to karen's tweet. the first five i looked at were about how hot she was. i stopped reading after that
i really do wonder what happened in these type scenarios when ppl w/ cameras weren't the norm like they are now. scary when u think about it
that's a good point but also consider that people in these videos are full of adrenaline and often forget cameras are there
i don't know that their decision to be out of tv ads has been a bad one.
they have barely spent $ on ads yet are leading in oh, nc, co, ia, nv, me-2 and tied in fl.
tonight at 10p et: goes on the road in ohio with for an exclusive town hall event!...
am a staunch republican born in la jolla, ca no silver spoon handed to me. worked for it like djt
ok i had a dream that featured a literal rando from high school's sibling and i woke up to that sibling adding me on snapchat? i'm ill
ur a prophet
ive never been to a san jose show and that's a damn shame
well friday should be a treat
donald trump has pledged to create 25 million new jobs. all of them in the profession of fact-checking.
hillary was unclear of the question and said "email me"
but you can't control what other people interpret. then you start treading on the first amendment.
you can't help how people interpret things, but you can do your best to explain yourself. you want to be on the same page.
it really is tho! i was slumped in the school parking lot for like an hour and a half
smh get to class
today, is our . starts @ noon. hope you join us.
enjoy arguing with julie. i wish she would not on the panel
where's tuxie's barn?
over at kelly's dad's house on the mainland.
i got my foot back, nomore cast
time to get back to work!! be cautious, but push yourself at the same time! can't wait to see you back in action.
trump so easily dispatched with 15 solid gop opponents because they, like most gopers, just sounded like they were pining for the 1980s
part of trump's success (in the primaries) was that he was not reciting from the same, boring, stale true con script everyone knows
definitely! (so far have been taking care of dog with cone of shame and doing all those "get around to it one day" things...)
ugh i hate those things. i fear the next time i'm funemployed, as i will actually have to do them...
when are we getting our motorcycle gang up and running?
just gotta get those ludivine jackets. and motorcycles. ;3
welcome to the twitter chat. today we are discussing how to prepare when a disaster strikes. thank you for joining us.
hi! great topic!
today, is . see you at 12pm et.
he certainly doesn't support you
you're right, the plot happens in 24 hours, you try to work the mess of that story out
i own 3 ac games: verdict day, last raven and 3
no, but i think it would help. but if the pedometer is the same step count either way, it's weird the distance difference.
. the fitbit app has access to my motion &amp; fitness data but calculates the distances differently from appl...
trump's given us many abominable firsts , hard to keep track. monumental first is trump, himself, gop candidate.
a "short" list to remind us. tho his supporters don't care. or that he's an isis e...
they have barely spent $ on ads yet are leading in oh, nc, co, ia, nv, me-2 and tied in fl.
hillary has spent $60 million and is trailing in the rcp average
trump so easily dispatched with 15 solid gop opponents because they, like most gopers, just sounded like they were pining for the 1980s
simple relief at hearing something different - of course, what we were actually hearing was something even stupider, but hey.
maybe it's a capricorn thing right now
i totally think it is. besides being overly amazing. we can be extremely moody. i know that's me 100%.
new - "tell me what i don't know"
hot damn paul white is out of his damn mind with this production. this album...man, this album's sounding crazy...
haha had the worst shinner just below the knee. might have heavily chipped it and cracked it. anyone got experience?
heavily chipped
since they are not really for women's rights, instead self-victimizing, i like to incorporate "faux". i like it
they fly the feminist banner to further their infantilization, and call on the patriarchy for protection from ideas
her main concern seems to be avoiding angry emails from sensitive older readers and turning off the times' phantom conservative audience.
basically, she epitomizes every problem goes on about, which the rest of us thought were mostly dead and resolved
.'s says that people share their stories on social...&amp; a few people who have "cures for michael"
then uses this content to help fuel powerful ugc, highlight charities, and help clear up misconceptions
i think it was related to the changes released yesterday or today allowing links to not count towards 140 limit, as you mentioned
yeah. himself was nice enough to walk me thru steps to resolve it :)
while i understand follow/unfollow isn't a big deal, i think this crossed the line &amp; is disrespectful.
look back to the origin of this thread. minding my own business
a 1953 headlock, horse-drawn carriages in brooklyn, and live beer commercials. great read.
"the one part of the rivalry that has gone unchanged and continues to be the finest in the baseball landscape is scully" --
fox news' catherine herridge reports nyc/nj bombing suspect ahmad khan rahami was known to authorities.
lets bring more muslims here so they can kill us. and you want more here than obama, the idiot, does
there's an actual poll asking who you think is "healthier" clinton or trump. like.....we've had a president with fucking polio. who cares.
and one die quickly of pneumonia. (god i hate when the conspiracy theorists get any factual footing)
that's cool. any difficult to choose the ai answers?
there were only one or two suggestions so it was pretty straight forward
love it! i'm not sure i agree with the cte piece as i believe schl s/b dsgn 4 thinking not creating jobs.
i grew up in hungary where that was in place, it has its pitfalls and challenges, agreed!
down to 8 messages in my inbox... but all of them require a bunch of thought... does that happen to you as well?
happens with my todo list more than email. 'sclub
how can you not like thursday. they're one of the best bands on this planet.
it's really easy
meet . even trump is not racist enough for drew. and yes ladies, he's single!
i'll pass. we have vibrators after all.
jorge ona triple to cf in first ab.
how much will petco suppress his power tho?
you guys won with ap doing virtually nothing, though.
1 game! rodgers had his worst game ever possibly and we only won by 3.
the fbi wants to speak with these new york bombing witnesses
so go get 'em. what's the point in spying on all us citizens via nsa if you're not going to use it to catch scum like this?
new record label in full effect. send beats, songs, and whatever you want...
check these beats
here's link:
thanks for the link!!!
oh fer fuck sake, he lost fair and square because he and his dudebro army were dismissive of everyone not white.
oh ffs, he lost because the dnc conspired with the press &amp; clintons lawyer to poison sanders to voters
there's nothing wrong with him. he knows when a ballpark is a ballpark the stadium is a whole different thing
you sound a little like me....biased! i give citifield and the mets credit, it is a beautiful park. pnc is
warning: if you get into an accident, a moose will be over shortly to lecture you on the dangers of texting while d...
you will also turn into a messed up star of david
do you still make the white cranberry apple tea?
we're not completely sure what product you're referring to...do you mean blueberry white tea?
im so freaking hungry uggghhhhhh i just might steal a customers food at work today
just kidding that's so fucked up
just had to.
you're so cute with glasses!!
and if it has, probably not a rapper as good as killer mike
my hometown has the bouncing souls so i feel like i'm pretty happy about it
thread of my favorite kate vines
13.) you should take a photo
more reason to avoid lenovo. fun. "lenovo reportedly blocking linux on windows 10 signature edition pcs | zdnet"
oh... is that all? i won't run linux anyway.
*any travel outside us in the past. shit holes everywhere now. why we must
i agree with you! it's sad because i've always wanted to visit london and paris.
i totally think it is. besides being overly amazing. we can be extremely moody. i know that's me 100%.
same. my mom used to tell me all the time that i was moody &amp; i used to get mad but now i'm like "yeah, you right"
abject nonsense. the idea that unless we find documents we won't print isn't a deep dive.
they did print though. they did lengthy investigations looking into it and told what they found.
actually i started a week ago
lmao daniel this was in reference to us pioneers at csu east bay.
what are you talking about?
creative has made into a complete mess
behind the scenes at nyfw with
thanks for the share!
fuel for monday note...
hmmm... carbon fiber mfg process. let's wait a bit.
been thinking about what city i'll live in after new york.... leaning towards sf. how's the music scene out in the bay??
feel like u would like oakland more than sf if ur thinking west coast. big cultural differences btwn the 2
@ beautiful cover! i can't wait!
@ thank you!! i'm so stoked for this book!
they did print though. they did lengthy investigations looking into it and told what they found.
being upset investigation was inconclusive isn't the same as not doing.
definitely yes mosques should be bulldozed or turned into bbq bacon joints if i had my way islam is a fore...
absolutely should of been done years ago!
what are some of the ways we can provide information to young people, esp. in rural areas?
from experience radio reaches the unreachable!
i agree with 2 and 3 at least.
it's not social-it's brain wiring.thats my take, so far
praying that today goes by fast, bc i hate closing.
i close every night i feel your pain!
i said optimism
ok ok... good thing is this is the nfl. very doable to do that for 3/4 games in a row.
september is national preparedness month where we have been discussing ways to prepare after a disaster.
i can't wait to learn more!
i've only used netflix..never tried out hulu before
hulu is literally better!! all of the trash tv is there! lol. all housewives, bblwives..flavor of lovee!!!! like.. bruh
radiant lights is more pink then the description, i have it.this is the brand with udn3 dupe.
also this highlighter reflects red but it is subtle and i want it too
oh: mclaren certainly oozes 'cool'
oozes is definitely the right verb
'it ain't that serious' is the new basis of my ideological thought process.
it's the only way to be happy lol
our military stands with trump! trump - 49% hillary - 20%
military families, don't support this walking insult to our military! sen mccain is a pow hero...
i don't disagree, but my point is simply that the media has taken comments out of context.
absolutely, you're right. but if all it takes is some clarification you need to act on that before people get the wrong idea
do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning.
seriously? this is all you have to say? but hey she didn't copy your speech!
if u are currently 38% of the population &amp; rising, how can u - under any definition - be considered a "minority"?
i have all kinds of lingo to get around that but none pervading msm. yet.
its looking gop red to me
i got a few jabs in before i blocked him...lol..so classy...nice mouth, he's obviously a child..god god
more reason to avoid lenovo. fun. "lenovo reportedly blocking linux on windows 10 signature edition pcs | zdnet"
that said. you may want to read the update. lenovo is not blocking linux install.
yes and that's why we love you
the point is i stick my tongue out a lot.
i don't know how i graduated i still don't know how to factor
shut up u prob got a 4.0 or at least a 3.89
hell friggen no!! smh trying to get me to give up my rb1 for a running back that will be on the bench after next week hahahaha
not on the bench haha, he is still going to get alot of usage, the first trade i offered was a better one imo hah
one of the suggested quest motivations is ethnic cleansing
the swastika represents the temple of strength
q3: what one thing should be done to support youth leadership in the global health response?
invest in youth leadership programs such as capacity building &amp; mentorship
i am totally a hillary repub. honestly never had deep political interest till trump happened.
thanks pat. now can you talk to my stepfather?
lol you're scaring me now.
it taste like what it is. raw uncooked fish with rice
i'll answer for her: it's definitely pity city.
stay out of my mentions bro
i made the switch to verizon. sorry t-mobile. your customer service screwed me.
thank you. we appreciate having you as a customer.
oh fer fuck sake, he lost fair and square because he and his dudebro army were dismissive of everyone not white.
he also lost because the dnc conspired to give hillary a substantial fundraising advantage:
just an early reminder that if you're not already a laker fan it's not too late to switch over.
only 14 days till our first game. if you switch over now you'll have just enough time to buy a jordan clarkson jersey.
one more class today then back to the studio .. send me beats w/ hooks cuz i got writers block beatz4landry.com
check these beats
omg it looks so so good i haven't had arizona in so long because they dont sell it locally :(((
where are you located? email us, we'll see if we can help you out! info[at]drinkarizona[dot]com
white people fears all relate to each other lol.
what about us asian folks, or do you purposely discriminate?
uh huh. all that cloud hypu, got wrecked by ike :p leave for the airport yet?
they're now, and you didn't beat my cloud
didn't live up to your expectations?
nope. my phone does what it does better and the device only adds possible connection problems and extra headache. minimalism.
a title run is a title run you seem to forget they didn't care about the women till a little over a year ago
i prefer the three times made that championship marketable over today's crap
for people complaining about hating the town the live in....move.
not everyone has the privilege to get up and move its not that easy????? js
i'm seriously beginning to think that kinnear doesn't know quakes games are available on film for him to review.
oh he reviews the game films. he just falls asleep after watching the first few minutes just like the rest of fans.
my sis told me her friend found matthew on bumble last night so you bet your booty i downloaded the app on his phone to delete his account
it was when he was sleeping so when he woke up i let him know &amp; he said he didn't know he had to delete the account took care of it babe
hell friggen no!! smh trying to get me to give up my rb1 for a running back that will be on the bench after next week hahahaha
you get the wr1 for det, for the wr2, but i need an rb as well lol
anthony weiner: sexting with 15-year-old girl!!!: just when you thought anthony weiner couldn't sink any lo...
i have learned he can and will always sink lower.
the way my child acts now, i shouldn't have any problem with him as a teenager because we will have been through it all before.
oh heavens yes. glad we're not the only ones.
i got 4.5 but i still dont know how
omfg i didn't even know that was possible
colored animations are hard im proud of u!!
thank u u the best
man i miss all the important stuff out here.
i think he's ready for his presidential run.
i don't write java code... i'm a php guy! besides, saving the best for later, aws in vegas
bah, learn some java bro. it's what all the hip kids from 1970 are using ;-)
dreamt i was kidnapped in japan but i was also able to snuggle with a fox to i guess it was kinda a wash
don't let the otters know you're dreaming about foxes. could result in some kind of totem animal chaos.
what's the name of that african singer we listened to in a taxi?
sidiki diabate', he's from mali. listening now.
no way in hell the giants get eliminated in an even numbered year
good luck with that!
downtown brooklyn: old dude chomping on a cigar actually just shouted "hey, i'm walking here" at a car. it was glorious.
in honor of this guy i'm getting lunch at blimpie.
weird: google photos recognises my father from when he was 10 and from last week, but splits me into 4 different people.
they can't tell my identical twins apart. to be fair though neither can their teachers.
thank you kenansville, north carolina! remember- on november 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a...
did u clear your statement with the gop first?
she's a heel you're supposed to hate her
come on her dad wasn't even this hated
i may or may not be hyperventilating (i am)
it may or may not be my new header (it is)
wow, why do you want to see more black men incarcerated in america's overpopulated prisons? you're racist:
you're an idiot.
couldn't hold out for christmas. looking forward to reading this ...
to the kindle store i go!
don't feel bad, they treat mgs the same they don't discriminate with rudeness
it is so sad how they treat people with opposing views. sorry if you go thru it too. &lt;/3
so what if he had pcp? why can't we be imperfect with our life still in tact? where is humanity when it comes to blacks?!
pcp is bigger than an suv. it was visible from the sky and several feet away.
above all: meaningful involvement of young people as interventions are designed, delivered and implemented!
... and evaluated!
how will , and support on its journey to 100% renewables?
. more collaboration across our organizations and raising awareness on biz case for renewables
haha i'm glad somebody's got an easy course. have fun!
but you're doing college wrong if you have an easy course
women: we don't do anything we do to impress men
also women: men are the blame for our insecurities! why do you think we get plastic surgery &amp; wear makeup all the time???
thread of my favorite kate vines
16.) sing the chorus and it goes
"this is not just an election, it's a fight for the heart and soul of our country" -
for every single american america lives together
that's every idiotic persons solution " if you don't agree with my idiotic explanation of what the anthem represents, get out this country"
ok but i think you should at least stand on 9/11
an interesting development: all the trashcans on the east river by the governor's island ferry have disappeared...
it's a good day for rats
wat. the road to decent-ish is clearly a 5 game a night hustle! :)
not when you have foojee! winning 1 game when queued w/ him is enough elo to counter 10 losses :0
don't talk about yourself like that jb have some confidence
yeah don't be a little bitch and just start doing gram dabs
you ever thought about writing a book about the black experience in 21st century america?feel like it would be of great value
i have don't know when my life would slow down to do it though smh
i had a dream last night that i was still in masters and that me and the team were waiting to go to event force
what a nightmare lol
hiking w/ my grandparents! gonna take a lil break.
enjoy your time!
tonight we wrap-up our series against atlanta. [ preview ]
hopefully with a win
i am totally a hillary repub. honestly never had deep political interest till trump happened.
my disabled housewife sister age 54 in n charleston has never voted. she is this year.
important piece on how in police shootings like the cutcher case, those shot often denied immediate medical care:
an abundance of caution :(
lol that's like balut i don't think they're really that old they just preserve them in vinegar and some other shit
they smell nasty af let me just tell you!
which book was it?
the goldfinch
honors classes in highschool, im like failing now tho
i ain't talkin weighted averages ok don't play me missy
"i never fucked anybody over in my life...that didn't have it coming to them." tony montana -scarface
"i make art till someone dies" jack nicholson as the joker
gives you assistant that no other messaging app is giving.
and that values me how in a chat app? i see value in an assistant, but another chat app?
nothing better than drive home w obama comes in apologizing 4america &amp; leaves doing the samething bye bye o!
yes buh bye obaminators or as i say to the dems obama your mama!
oh fer fuck sake, he lost fair and square because he and his dudebro army were dismissive of everyone not white.
and the ones who had the dudebro army was hillary. her campaign manager paid for one:
omg, dismissing the murder of an unarmed man with car trouble is unconscionable. not fit for duty is on the police...
stop the madness. we are better than this america. get really mad
time to look into tiebreaker scenarios?
this should help:
last lunch in ny? what?
moving to sf
polling whipsaw continues. new monmouth poll of new hampshire: clinton: 47% trump: 38%
is this normal or is it an indication of unreliable polling
wow, already?
poke a dog with a stick long enough and he is going to bite you really hard.
they should make him president of a west wing reboot.
in which he also solves crime while cracking wise.
really?! why didn't i know this?? i love trash tv! lol
listen i'm just tryna be like jesus! leading people to the highest level of self possible! go forth and binge watch myfriend!
make sure you've uninstalled your ios/tvos/watchos beta configuration profiles if you don't want to accidentally end up on 10.1 overnight
that screwed me over. :(
i need to catch a higher jiggly tho
mine was a 427 and it evolved to the wiggly in the picture. have powered it up yet
and i have this thing where we just send each other funny pictures without context &amp; the one just knows what they mean.
the basis of our friendship is liking each others insta post and sending each other photos
new album cover / title shot by nabil
new album?!
apologies. i don't try to get too political on here.
i don't either, it's no problem! once in a while, i hear something that just is too much for me to hold back
lololol i just pictured the entire thing in my head. but i'm glad you lived to tell the tale.
i can't with you
they don't even live in the same country
and they still together godbless tho
request to switch desks lmao
lmao i just moved here today haha she is finished with her eggs but like white people are loco crazy
my r data structures game is weak-i'll have to read more about environments in advanced r (and their connection with formulas)
i saw there was some recent r packages released with associative array properties. may be time for a benchmark... :-)
wishing you all a very happy
thank you! same to you! a gorgeous cat!
there's a better way to talk about men's rights activism - and it's on reddit
you know who might be returning 2 reddit, paul combetta of platt river networks ...'cause is gonna lose immunity.
so easy. give the first 3 any day of the week.
&lt;-- one more person i'm glad i don't know
she did nothing and you're supposed to hate her not her dad
today especially smackdown proves all you have to do is have a pulse and you get a championship
the girl in the middle does not have curly hair.
right. she's as curly as a golden retriever
here's link:
omg!!! i just got the twist! smh! i was wondering when the dad ran into the man from the fire dept duh lol
*hulk hops over to yer neighborhood* yo
yes please, thank you very much &lt;3
same. my mom used to tell me all the time that i was moody &amp; i used to get mad but now i'm like "yeah, you right"
lmao. i think i was always proud of my anti-social moody-ness. lol
if you were designing a new supermarket aisle layout, would you organise it like other stores (familiar), or more efficiently (better)?
it has nothing to do with being familiar. they're laid out to optimize purchases. similarities simply mean that's the optimal way
seeing a lot that transcripts are absolutely necessary for podcasts. is there a service that sponsors transcriptions?
we use - they charge $1 a minute, turn around quickly and pretty accurately.
where are you getting this bs? russia has one of the world's riches sources of uranium. us imports. nice try.
it's not bs. the clinton foundation sold uranium to putin for millions:
you lost both of your games.
"lost" is putting it mildly. maybe backes can re-live the disgust we all felt with the re-run of can-us on nhln now.
"if you want to understand human beings, you need to do more than just watch them. -
you need to pay attention to what they themselves are watching."
i like that coppinger guy
i find him to be wc!!!!!!!...lol
lol so he can't wish him the best now?
he could've honestly did that in the first place.
i'd argue they're helping the one true patriarchy.. abrahamic religion, by ignoring abuse because "culture"
that's one patriarchy, yes, but i think it's more that they perpetuate the idea that women need protection...
i saw a thing that said "keep calm and bacon" two weeks ago and i'm still upset about it.
what does that even mean?
we call it revenue now.
this thread gave me a great idea for a spec fic novel. a us govt ai so good it pays out $50,000/yr to everyone. distopian ending.
how long have i been lied to? i just peeled back the half and half plastic to reveal this. why you do...
it's 100% ap. we're simply repurposing unused, pre-printed cans to be more environmentally conscious.
nyers from buffalo to the big apple have been victims of cyber scalping. i wont stop fighting ticket until my bill is signed into law.
senator, is there not anything important to do today in washington
welp, my airplane bathroom isn't quite as nice as 's
you can technically still take a shower
but it isn't clear who would have the time, motivation, resources to do the work. 2/
yeah, that makes sense. it'd clearly be a ton of work. thanks for the reply!
visiting at davis, a business unit of (4th largest seed company worldwide), meeting a great te...
the team of in davis creates 3000 new varieties of vegetables each year! ...
i replaced milk w almond milk too. i want my cookie
same tbh i fuck with almond milk
thank you leila for supporting !
my pleasure
did a lot of the preliminary budgeting/planning for maybe adding a dog to the house in winter. can't budge til after a holiday trip home tho
exciting!!! :)
look at how north is looking at it in the first pic lmaooooo
'mommy, it's time to change your diaper!'
around 2:30!
i work at 3:30 i can prob swing by
russia pumps at record pace as supply talks with opec near via
investors underestimating the "us moment" global producers can have especially old soviet tech
rt if you agree the clinton's should return the $260k they earned in connection with work...
why not it is like the government of the people gets a tax refund check . spread it around in america and watch things grow.
we'll see what we get in wisconsin shortly, but battleground state polling recently--in nh, nc, fl and pa--looks decent for clinton
ohio?
i wonder if cnn will ask hillary to disavow her top aide's husband, anthony weiner. which basket would you put him...
well if it were me, i put him in a scum bag and skip the basket! perv!
i'm definitely gonna check it out lol
cool. it's worth the $7 investement eventually.. but starting out i just kept changing emails.
there's certain days/holidays where you definitely should, but i'm talking about the people butthurt over peeps not standing daily
yeh i agree with that
when says she's going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free, you know what? that's a very big deal.
doesn't help me if my schools keep ignoring my iep and i can't get to a university
the mans followed my whole family up to my grandmother smh
he followed all my navy friends, coworkers and family including my 11yr old brother...
that's one patriarchy, yes, but i think it's more that they perpetuate the idea that women need protection...
... and need a patriarchal figure (universities, governments) to protect them from anything they disagree with
how you doing my name is shawn i need some beats
check thse out
thread of my favorite kate vines
18.) (be careful playing out loud; there's nsfw moaning)
has a new flagship office in ! excited to be a part of this community of innovators &amp; co...
hi where is it located at?
damn. last night was so fun if not hella nervous-making with 4 innings of bullpen action. really like this park.
it's a great place for the baseballs
mark regula - (,promo)
tyvm,: 4the +
found a suit that i bought for my first week at google 13 years ago in my closet this morning. still had the tags on it. silicon valley
. where was it from? and did you buy it in store or online?
to be fair, he warned that he was probably gonna say it...
this is the journalistic qualities that we need in the press! is a who can't report the whole story-sad!
murray i aint got patience for ur shit this morning
in all honesty though
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
translation. wishes he could sue, but can't, because the is safe printing the truth.
if there's anything you want addressed on the podcast, tweet me or tyler or email us at podcast.com before thi...
my question: why do you hate my team?
last night, instead of torturing myself with baseball, i watched life aquatic with steve zissou. it was infinitely more enjoyable
the portuguese bowie covers alone are great
thread of my favorite kate vines
18.) nsfw//moaning (be careful playing out loud)
it's the last day of summer, and as usual, it went by too fast! what's your favorite memory from summer 2016?
seeing the fireworks up close by the east river during 4th of july
do you have a list that should be read by us to educate beyond what we were taught about black history in schools?
info will send some in a pic when i get to my office
q1: have you ever been affected by disaster? what happened?
a1 5 years ago the town where my husband works was completely flooded, he couldn't work for a week.
... and need a patriarchal figure (universities, governments) to protect them from anything they disagree with
it really boils down to the infantilization of females, which is highly counterproductive to women's liberation.
so sorry for their loss. they are in my prayers...
rest in peace and thank you for protecting me
actually yes. i love rereading books. especially ones i've connected with and love greatly.
&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
because she's running against a psycho doesn't mean she gets a pass and is the progressive savior.
also it's good that the bush fam may vote for her but i don't know why so few people aren't reading it for what it is. power supports power.
thanks! i'm pretty excited about it, too. :)
did you get my email re: paso press trip ?? :)
is he mad about kessel's joke? or the constant smack talk coming out of guys like roenick &amp; hull?
wrong former hawk
may be over generous than hitler but is that what you think justifies indian atrocities.
let's talk about the most recent case. was killing a militant (wani) an atrocity on the people of kashmir? (1/2)
but he has clarified - albeit in an egotistical manner, but he did state what he meant. media just hasn't shared that info.
if he knows that the media won't address his response, then he needs to learn to rephrase his statements in the 1st place
trumps stand with all branches of our military!k
except pow's: "he's not a war hero" military families won't actually vote...
did it ever get a screening 10 years ago?
wasn't is straight to dvd?
hot new property!
are you out of your mind? please stop spamming the hell out of sucks !
official cold war kids concert review: there was way more tambourine than expected.
that could be really good or really bad.
watching game 2 of the '13 nlds.
only one brave from that night's starting lineup is still with this. guess who.
nicely done
.'s super pac is doing exactly what hollywood should be - using fame &amp; storytelling skills to advocate, inform.
i have the best followers. this shit is making my day
do you have it going on instagram?
when your 2 1/2 year old claims the shirt you picked out is making her tummy hurt...... control freak!
a rare tweet
nah, had to put him in his place first
put him in his place? yeah no. you're trippin' like everyone else. i digress though.
amongst my endless list of mistakes at redef none haunt me more than not having a cofounder. to partner. to lean on. to do what i can't.
definitely high beta like a marriage. but my best friends today were my cofounders
exclusive: in corners of congress &amp; fbi, talk of re-opening hillary clinton criminal email probe rt
did platte open iphone of santa barbara terrorist murderers?
q1: have you ever been affected by disaster? what happened?
a1 we realized how fortunate we were and started collecting for those affected
this chalino was straight up disrespecting this girl next to me and she didn't even say anything back wtf
you should've told him to shut up
give us something punny! what would you name the "burger of the day"?
the israeli good burger. comes with tahini and cilantroversy
oh fuck this an optical illusion but why are y'all like this?
wow these pants are actually really cool
thurmond had a black kid, was still a segregationist. lol tho that milo, mr anti-sjw, still needs to believe in his own racial innocence
who's milo?
"...happy once happy twice happy chicken soup with rice." ;)
ha! is that a real thing? anyways, already feeling better now thanks to my refreshed perspective.
listener q&amp;a
since im home sick today - imma spend the day catchin up on ur casts...downloaded them all...
trump is a egomaniac and he knows how to get free coverage/recognition without paying for it, branding 101
over 200 high level republicans not endorsing
these a good look
yeah those are fire
where in canada
toronto airport
"i'm on blackbelt status when it comes to beats. i could rap over 2 pots scraping each other... i could rap over anything and make it dope"
check these beats out
cairo loves his kitty best friend a little video
they are so adorable! the kitty loves him too!
honor flight bluegrass, en route sdf-dca. my 101-year-old dad's aboard.
awesome! my grambird did it this summer, seemed nonplussed by att'n-especially the japanese tourists taking her picture.
that depends do u want a vegan cookie cuz i can provide them
vegan cookies are good too, i had one the other day for the protein
i wish so bad that i had this problem
right, i'm over here like... spike my coffee too, please. lol.
it's just one course. you'll have enough opportunities to bawl your eyes out and have an existential crisis in the rest.
yes. let's hope it comes to that man.
thread doesn't show me anything abnormal, maybe it doesn't go that far back. either way
i have screenshots for documentation. this final tweet is me exiting this topic....
the guy definitely tries to screw with people. but during to deflategatee he was awesome.
he was funny in the beginning, but somewhere along the way, his jokes got old &amp; eventually jumped the shark
uh oh, did the season start without me again?
season opened last night. i'm barely catching up this am.
it really boils down to the infantilization of females, which is highly counterproductive to women's liberation.
real world example: trigglypuff is not empowered. camille paglia is empowered.
because she's running against a psycho doesn't mean she gets a pass and is the progressive savior.
also it's good that the bush fam may vote for her but i don't know why people aren't reading it for what it is. power supports power.
send in the clown: internet supervillain milo yiannopoulos doesn't care that you hate him
. you, too, should be banned from twitter (and publishing, generally)
b2b solution of the week: trends and successes in martech stack building
nice picture too! did the tinkertoys reference play into it?
that moment when chromos can't spell "honestly" correctly.
lol. i type too fast my son
may be over generous than hitler but is that what you think justifies indian atrocities.
separatists used the incident to spark protests. from my perspective, kashmiri blood is on their hands too. (2/2)
i like the idea of the universe always listening so i want to see this
they shot this the block over from my house in bk
oh, so columbia presbyterian? that makes more sense. thanks! glad your surgery went well! have a speedy recovery
i wish i was like you. easily amused.
no, but there is a different brough game coming up.
order is restored.
plugins that will surely optimise your database [ via ]
as always, thank you cc
so when don king endorsed obama in 08, he was cool, but now he a murderer and thief? lol
he always was that.
i'll wait to see if comments on what i tweeted earlier before i speak futher.
i don't give a damn how you judge what i say ... u think i have to answer to every single person on earth? why?
so- my question is: would people be able to enjoy the show, having me sing lower and less throughout the set- and would you sing along...
i think i speak for everyone when i say there's nothing that would stop us from enjoying your music. get better soon :)
this is great
reno 911 is the
we use to be in bed dying until we fell asleep. the new bed i got out here is way better then the one i have in seattle tho
those chronicles were lit the heater used to blast that whole vibe is way better than new york &amp; houston idc don't @ me either
just asked apple store manager this question in person and he said yes.
i purchased a verizon and sprint model. both worked with at&amp;t.
never give up on your wildest dreams
yes! this makes me so happy!
q2. my boy went to jail, and never snitched on me; i look after his wife &amp; family. now i'm in love w/ her. what to do?
walk away bro. you can't say you held your boy down but took what was his. be a noble man and walk away from that situation
look, if we're shopping british car companies, i can think of one that's known for contract chassis design and a lot cheaper than mclaren.
simplify and add thinness.
thanks so much for volunteering with us! we appreciate your time and hope to see you back soon!
my pleasure!
you bugging you just mad it don't take place in rochdale
lol not even it just felt like i was watching one of those cheesy disney movies
how the hell ya know each other??
danny your cousin has been my baby since 2012...... just know
i'm worried i might love that.
like, if you controlled a triceratops the size of the hadron collider, wouldn't you be super-chuffed with yourself?
they not attached lmao the cut off piece just sitting there
aw man, if only this was a functional look
can't wait to stay here on our honeymoon
that's awesome, congrats!! :) can't wait to show you what hotel zeppelin is all about!
lol girl calm down i'm just teasing you for your urban street punk boots in the desert
sorry i'm so fashion
rex is so clueless good lord
this is rex ryan football in a nutshell
jackass. this is serious you jackwad. you should care about anyone's fundamental civil rights being violated you mi...
he is the captain the la raza team and chief apologist for the dems.
1:14:58 i live in monroeville,al... s/0 to !!!! be safe tho!!
my dad and that side of family from there if you know a montgomery it's probably my kin folk
travis on his savage shit this morning
that teacher is the man
i love the handwritten messages they make me so happy
you should read the griffon and sabine trilogy if you haven't already.
how do you figure that?
heath slater need i go on
hey new phone (7plus) and went to add my video today but no orange box. enter flux mode and nothing coming up?
ios10 bug. we just made the fix live on the app store like 10 minutes ago. should be available for download very soon! :)
wow: the fujifilm gfx 50s is about the same size as the nikon d810. we updated our hands-on article with more image...
can't wait for the fuji / hasselblad mf shoot-off
lifted straight from wikipedia! ;)
im no longer impressed,
today i walked past a group of workers and one dude started singing "isn't she lovely" and then one other dude joined and then like 6 did
they all took off their construction helmets and held them to their hearts &amp; one was swinging off a...
no coincidence that all my favorite movie quotes are richard pryor movies. man y'all younger people missed out on some laughs
im sure im near ur age...i tend to quote eddie murphy clips...lol
we're doing a facebook live at 2 pm et. please consider submitting a question here!
why do they run the pigskin on the first of downs. works better to huck it deep! thanks you
there isn't a way to customize the checkout to remove that field, sorry about that.
i'd realllllly like to recommend removing it or making it possible to remove. it invites people to enter all kinds of requests
you can be pretty sure that policemen who use a golf cart to run down &amp; kill a dog are also the ones who have no problem shooting people.
that deserved a rt. when you see everything as a nail ...
there's a special place in hell for those who love violence.
like the
yes. i have a few paraprofessional's that i'd love to add. i see so much potential with this site after only 1 day of using it!
wow! thanks! the co-teacher is something we need to explore. not available at the moment :(
how do you figure that?
what a joke but what do you expect from the jokes named commissioner and general manager
known wolves: accused bomber latest to have fallen off feds' terror radar
so much for vetting immigrants! makes me feel so safe cause they are vetting obama n hillarys incoming! god help us!
my question: why do you hate my team?
srsly though, any concern at all about his time in boston messing up moncada?
my best friend got accepted into the american university of rome today!! i love you so much &amp; i'm so excited for you!
i love you so much!!!! thank you my son
and your foot fetish
oh really??
happy bday bro bro
thanks my boiii!
"let her be angry. let her be rebellious. let her be resentful. let her be hard. and soft. and sad. and loving. and silly."
"let her be wrong. let her be right. let her be everything, because she is everything."
how dare don king drop the n-word! the nerve of some people ! i swear , the left just makes it to easy!
some are more equal than others.
in toledo, a trump supporter has dubbed his f-250 "the official trump truck." i wonder what thinks of this a...
dear chad, 's f-250 made in louisville, ky! that location is inside the us of a! their move to mexico is the problem!sad
that's y i wish u know some political history of kashmir. a good chat someday wid u may change ur opinion
the history of kashmir is well documented. why don't you point me to specifics?
first cups coffee shop to add one of these to the menu wins a gold star
i'll take that with a cupcake, please. :)
hey nyc!! tomorrow will be madison store 3.30pm come say hi! first 20 in line join me in photo booth, che...
come to rochester ny its long 6 hrs away please
don't disagree. but he also shouldn't be subject to greater scrutiny than clinton or any other candidate.
sure &amp; i think she has. she got hit hard for the basket comment. i think there was some truth to it but she needs to clarify
how did they sound
10/10 would cast in a musical
awesome what should this revolution look like?
a conflict of ideas on all platforms &amp; strongwillingness 2 make e desired change happen
how pray tell are sanders hands tied? lack of a spine?
you must live under a rock. hear of seth rich?
oh hell yeah bitch
k i'll be waiting
milliner is still on the ir. in order for him to be a fa, he must reach an injury settlement. hasn't happened...
could he be brought back this year like abdullah from detroit
think she will back out?? conservative rumblings=&gt; hillary clinton may cancel debate on monday
i said it a loooong time ago. practically a guarantee.
no. white cranberry apple.
oh gotcha! didn't look at the gallon sheet. email us, we'll see if we can help you find some. info[at]drinkarizona[dot]com
thank you for joining me on reddit - this question kept coming up so here's the answer: i'm voting for gary johnson for president.
i will only vote for candidates who speak of peace and unity &amp; whose actions represent these, is my choice too.
hmm, maybe. i'm heading to tartine manufactory with family right now. will be there till 11:30.
ah, enjoy family time. i work near sfo fyi. will dm you the details about gelinaz.
people just gotta hop in a conversation and start shit.
ikr, he's blocked..i've always said joepa should have done more but he's dead now, guess that's not enough..smh
i notice democrats can't defend hillary's blatant corruption &amp; so immediately change the topic to
thank you texas for opening yours eyes. now 49 more states need to adhere
you sound like an artist coming to town to perform lol
same thing right?
my rooms a mess and it's just stressing me out more
i feel the same way!!!!
mclaren: "we can confirm mclaren is not in discussion with apple in respect of any potential investment"
investment... but what about acquisition?
lol jk just checked out his profile, kids got a phd he can endorse my skills all he wants
lmao phd stands for pretty huge dick dk how that makes him able to endorse u but ok
hell friggen no!! smh trying to get me to give up my rb1 for a running back that will be on the bench after next week hahahaha
and you have like 6rb1's lol
i'd realllllly like to recommend removing it or making it possible to remove. it invites people to enter all kinds of requests
like "please gift wrap this" or "leave behind plant at front door" -- adds a layer of confusion that is totally unnecessary
only playing anything post-2020
at this point i expect the club to be so deconstructed that it's just loose bricks and steel beams
and hrc is not a real progressive or a lefty or whatever you want to call it.and that why the real progressives are walking away
i don't agree with bernie on a lot of things. he is definitely more progressive than i am on all issues.
im going to take you to costco to buy you two chicken bakes for your birthday
you can get s churro too
q1 again: have you ever been affected by a disaster? tell us about it. prize: a go-bag....
a1 we have experienced flooding and blizzard's but we are always ready!
altpassing: this is scarier than any david lynch film
someone i follow rt'd you. hey girl
"pakistan practically survives on us aid"
if u expect the us to declare paaki a terrorist state , think we r living in a illusion it will never happen it their buddy
he swears he's leaving america if is elected. every rt notifies that he should leave 2day!
i'd leave before they fill michigan with skittles
i see trying to grasp at relevance. burn along with the pile of garbage you chose to cover.
i feel bad for people who think this is a respectable publication
how do you feel about him so far ? wentz currently has 468 yrds, 60.6%, 3 tds, 0 ints.
i feel fine thx 4 asking. good against jv now sun vs varsity defense true test
in a game with $1m majors, $250k lans from esl, dreamhack, mlg x-games, etc
also the timing of this lol
hard partner to have when we can't agree on basic facts.
foreign policy mode: smoke n' mirrors
and keanu reeves' good-bad facial hair.
are they, like, muttonchops with holes in the middle?
landed in san fran and immediately took this terminal's gym! can't wait to check out the new tracking system...
ey you in the bay area maybe we could meet up or something possibly a fan meet up
it doesn't even though. there a ton of opportunities the casinos are missing by not jumping on this. it's foolish
i agree. but they probable want a cut or something. just speculating. they'll get it. it's all about $$
that's awesome
lol no it wasn't i had to park 3 blocks over to get parking since the had trailers everywhere
anyway, i digress. i can't stand either of them. i'm going to write in for president.
as i said yesterday,
like "please gift wrap this" or "leave behind plant at front door" -- adds a layer of confusion that is totally unnecessary
customers' expectations of small stores are often that they work the same way as, say, amazon. but, like, i don't gift wrap stuff
fact-free protests.
bad guy with a gun tries to shoot cop! fools riot! ridiculous!
let concentrate on this
i don't give a fuck about that
hi there - here is what the speckled keyboard looks like.
thanks! i couldn't tell the difference on the web.
today, i get to play a daring round of my favorite game, "do i really need this merch?"
i am currently playing the same game. "should i buy the world of final fantasy collector's edition"??
i don't agree with bernie on a lot of things. he is definitely more progressive than i am on all issues.
however, he's more aligned with my beliefs than trump so in a match up with trump and bernie, i would choose bernie.
published on medium for the first time. some how had 6k followers there already. not a fan of 3rd party platforms for my writing tbh.
you should see the following you have on
when i go to stores i only see the cans and jugs
request them with your store manager!
thank god that's exactly how i pictured it
it was a movie scene
it'll go away on its own after a bit, or you can scroll down a few pages on a search and restart the app.
i did the scrolling, restart, waiting, etc. it worked for the messed up avatars but i still am getting blank tweets. any help?
no it was not. ppl r not protesting against his death but the deaths dat followed.
what a scheme! create protests where more people die, then protest those deaths and the circle goes on!
mook meltdown on msnbc - clinton campaign manager can't answer basic questions
these questions are hanging change-ups. judicial watch/judge 25 questions are killers. real reason for hrc campaign panic-funk.
we wanted specific answers about how she did everything. not just," i'm a success!"
for details on how and why succeeded, read her book!
thats obama's america, everything is much worse than it was 8 years ago.
either you haven't looked at stats or you are blatantly lying. that statement is false
our other least favorite joke while slating: "hi i'm _______ and i'm 5'6, 5'8 in heels." .
i didn't even know that was a thing!
you and me both! and one with the new wide gamut screen!
seriously apple. stop hanging around the mclaren dealership and to work
all that "i grind everyday" shit is so played. nothing baller about not having leisure time
i suppose it depends on how it's valued
i just got my copy of . if you are a wanderer in mind, body, or both, i highly recommend.
thank you! what a wonderful thing to hear
customers' expectations of small stores are often that they work the same way as, say, amazon. but, like, i don't gift wrap stuff
or have any control over where usps drops a package. people would not think to make requests like that it that field wasn't there
it's very true. some people think they can project their way of life onto you. if the "receiver" isn't receptive, they go nuts
i've had that happen with me because i am a christian, bi, and with lauren. people lose their minds over this.
yep. maurice sendak's chicken soup with rice, nutshell library.
amazing. i feel like i'm living in a sendak book now. talk about a bounce-back!
thread of my favorite kate vines
23.) i used to be scared of the dick. now i throw lips to the shit. handle it like a real bitch.
are there tools out there that give you recommendations on "who to *un* follow"?
search vote trump from people you follow.
want a shot at a free limited physical disc of thomas was alone for ps4? rt this and follow +...
followed. retweeted. when do i get my copy??
oh shit you tweeted bout sumthin different, congrats
lmao who are you ?? are we even friends ??
i love this. how big is it?
if i had a nickle..
sorry, did you say bbq tofu sandwich?
if that was given to me for free ill eat it! wud rather grilled chicken
how do you figure that?
people can give me shit about a call list but mahal getting called back before is a fucking joke
was thinking mine was only 230 but its 430 cp lol
then you'll have a stronger one than me
dats y i said smday will chat. i cant describe history of 70 years in 140 characters
post some links that cover your perspective.
how many times will class continue to get cancelled
one time i didn't have class for almost two weeks
only way to survive blakey blake. also, have i told you that every time i see your screen name i rap your own it freestyle?
lmaooo you wild lee. every time i see yours i try to say it but i can't lol. ill put some new joints on my sc this week btw
i feel the same way. dave you have made your own career with your gift of music. metallica was a stepping stone.
and made it right.
last night i dreamed i adopted a beautiful old dog named xerxes and now i want to make this reality
weird, i dreamt my kids wouldn't put on their socks and shoes to go to school. one of these dreams makes a better reality.
traveling for business while sick: the opposite of fun. if you find my body on the street around dc please ship back to sf.
look at you! committed to getting the job done! congrats! (also boy does it suck. sorry to hear you feel like shit)
i've done preliminary experiments topic indexing some tc39 meeting notes. conclusion: huge amount of work to complete.
to be clear: my expectation was never that you would be the one to produce such a thing, given all else you had to do
how many times will class continue to get cancelled
and then i had one class and skipped the next
dope but the 20k lan already passed so my point still stands
i know your point, i'm sure it can be considered but we haven't discussed any hype plans for some time
trump trolling us is his way of not wanting to be in this race. but whose ego won't let him be tagged "quiter"---tr...
been had said that from the beginning: this is all just another publicity stunt (albeit 1 that's spun outta control)
should've just went to molloy or liu post, i absolutely hate nassau
or just wish i went away
where should i eat lunch within a couple blocks of penn station. thank you for your time and assistance in this matter
graet cheap gyros at gyro ii on 7th ave across from penn or bon chon korean fried chicken 38th &amp; 7th
thanks for writing that kickass article on how to crush it on !! have you seen us yet?
love it! upvoted. can i test out the gear?
eddie's career went on though. richard's did not
well i wouldnt say that...it wasnt like richard didnt have the ability...and he did work for quite some time...
i'm only here for like 12 hours :(
rip it was worth a try though
best is that blimpie survives even though within a stone's throw of shake shack
though i do miss the old blimp logo.
people don't get how hard fast food work is and those who have done it tend to forget.
anything service industry can be quite grueling.
"well, you're here to speak for her, robby. so, you haven't discussed that all?"
gotta be bad if they criticize hillary!
last night concert at norshingdi
sayfurrahman2000.com sweet cont with me
yup. is exactly same phenomena as trump but hard left instead of far right. dangerous as fuck.
what? the left? i need to learn more about that. sounds like bernie sanders supporters who are voting now for
slater is fantastic becky is a great performer and aj styles? come on are you serious
aj ok slater is a former champion and when it comes to the women's championship
mark's gonna get his dick out! is here! i am thrilled to finally share this with you all!!!!...
vote early, vote often, vote ruffawang.
am i the only one who's absolutely mind blown that it's been almost a year since petit le monsoon?
my helmet still has a very special funk smell from that weekend.
rex is so clueless good lord
probably stopped by because he saw an open box of donuts
so basically the same as this year. i would like to see some other circuits in stead of argentina and silverstone.
silverstone is gone, being replaced by donnington park, argentina is a great track?
in line for artificial intelligence assistant to schedule my meetings. join the evolution:
this is the most rob thing ever. cc
that's what you call modeling....girl....
@ me when you don't look like this thank you
however, he's more aligned with my beliefs than trump so in a match up with trump and bernie, i would choose bernie.
i have two options. trump is not an option for me. hrc is someone i think is more aligned with my views so it's easy for me.
this the most genius thing
it works lmao! they see the yellow slip and are like nvm she has one already and then i'm good
yes, i see that the russian govt has now circulated this new "fact." i'll wait to get more details, but im suspici...
video i saw: autocannon fire at high angle at ground targets. drones do not have. syrian helos do, though.
slater is fantastic becky is a great performer and aj styles? come on are you serious
i'm choking on the 4 horsewomen
lmao me at that age
lmao still me
my beloved sadistic optometrist retired but his friendly successor has a new machine that takes cool pics inside my...
the old method
found it. t y! 4 recommending, he was soaked, flags were soaked, he didn't miss a beat!
y very impressive to watch it through.in the beginning his shoulder pads then entire suit!
i see that it's a first draft but on the second line "i looked myself in my room" - locked* - good luck w/ the essay
hey thanks! i wrote it at like 2 am last night and its a mess
perfect name for this mook!! what a joke of a campaign.
"it's moop" "mook!" "moop"
bull shit!! of course you'll forgive an outed racist if he's a fucking liberal! once again, i call bullshit!
so that 40 odd years of not acting like a racist were just a front? only in wingnuttia.
cash the 1st game in denmark $$$$$ in 57th minute!
as usual early $$$ when you on the job
a probe will unearth 1- why no action was taken after the intelligence inputs 2- to find out the role of any insider or local
revive the covert branch of the military , in full swing , gujral screwed it big time , disregarding our security jai mata di
it's true tim! xbox 360 had 512mb of ram and games are barely better with this gen that has 8gb! still 720p games coming
not whe you consider texture sizes etc, more ram always better than less. maybe see it in 1st party titles and vr
oh god.... this is all you need...
i can't believe this isn't being served in america, yet...
it's going to be weird when almost immediately after the election, donald trump is on trial for fraud.
fingers crossed.
thinking about starting a business abroad? let ryan spiegel's book travel deeper get you there! via
thank you! i appreciate the retweet.
well hopefully you're there when i go out there and we can cuddle sip wine and laugh all night like we use to
the wine from 711 lmaoooo okay i'm done
i love that on page 2, in transcribing scalia's remarks they include "[sarcasm]"
that strikes me funny. always enjoyed listening to 7th circuit &amp; i liked read scalia's opinions.
i didn't necessarily mean you :p
i don't know that now, do i?
sweet thanks mate!
if that doesn't help, let me know. there's a couple of rare ones we're still tracking down. just got the 7+ so starting to test
i think that's dancing on a pinhead. surely you can't acquire without investing money.
fair enough. just thought i'd point out the possibility of word play. :p
but she's still leading in polls - work to be fine
she's leading in "liberal controlled" polls perhaps. plus many trump supporters don't poll
q2: do you know what an ice card is?
a2 in case of emergency it is an info card that helps with basic info in case kids get seperated
gotcha - can see how that would lead to some confusion! happy to pass your input along to our team to keep in mind.
i'd appreciate if you would pass it along! it happens routinely and is a giant bummer
as everybody knows, i hate donald trump. if he promises to stop saudi arabia enslaving women, i'll switch.
why'd you believe him? at least clinton went to beijing in 95 &amp; (politically) bravely said women's rights = human rights
thank you! i'm thinking of all of you everyday. y'all deserve the best robbie we can make and we're going to contin...
thank you so much for bringing the definitive to life on . i was awestruck watching you &amp; chloe.
. currently at a chic fil a in indiana. i am a hound dog of all things southern.
eating anywhere "north" feels like such a treat.
i'd appreciate if you would pass it along! it happens routinely and is a giant bummer
and thanks!
thanks for beating me in that game of robby boi!!!!
i'll never try to win another tournament ever again. picking at the top never works out for me.
i love this. how big is it?
17 x 12 i think have to double check
i have two options. trump is not an option for me. hrc is someone i think is more aligned with my views so it's easy for me.
but she's unacceptable to you as trump is to me. i get it. i just don't agree.
north philly mom admits to planning to abandon kids for isis via
honestly it sounds like everyone wins in this one.
where my girls from the 504? you need to drop it right now need to drop it right now
all my girls from the 504 need to drop it right now
"took what was his" as if the woman is a belonging smh
i think that would be a play on my words. in no way was that statement meant to suggest such.
&amp; your inform comes fr whom?! bc no one in clinton adoring media demonizing trump for everything possible
please you buy that crap about the media! they've built up trump &amp; let him lie.
for good reason. y'all know the situation better than i do, just pitching an idea
would be nice but we wouldn't want to just throw something together, that was a problem in the past
she's the one that doesn't wanna come back
never said she doesn't want to come back
black condor: yay, nah, indifferent?
have always loved the freedom fighters, and this look in particular. just not much substance to back them up.
they say a person's true character shows in dire times hajji were more important than a martyr.
look at the quality of these worth less desh drohi , so called leaders -aka mumtaz begum jai mata di
they did not.....
sadly, it is true.
i've started it, but never finished it. i know it has some dt tie-ins.
the last 200 pages is all dt tied. still a standalone, but heavily tied.
win out, salvage yr and keep coaches who should be fired or lose a couple more unforgivables and cut dead weight?
option one works.
backes used the words "disappointing" "distasteful" and "aggravating" when talking about twitter comments from nhl players about team usa
somebody get that man a mirror
do we know this ?
yes we do!!! happy birthday rob and to many more!!!
hopefully it doesnt have shit attacks. whats the best for it?!
hyper beam us the best but play rough is also very good. dazzling gleam is the worst
investment &amp; acquisition are two different things.
indeed. that said so are newswire tweets and company spox quotes.
it's 3+ hours from me or i'd go more often.
i thought i had all these notifications because i was cool but it was just you two talking
"took what was his" as if the woman is a belonging smh
however when they became married.. they became one. she is of him. he is of her. they are in a union.
and because we occasionally like to use our powers for good - check, please! is awesome. check it out:
i need help with some shirts we bought at sdcc 2016, they turned into a sticky ball after a washing. who can help!&gt;??
not scolding. hillary will (hopefully) be president, making her odds of implementing liberal goals 100% greater tha...
stein is polling at 1%. gary johnson is taking for more votes from hillary then she is. so why punch left constantly?
you stfu, he's a gemini
lmao i like how everyone likes to blame everything on astrology. bye, ma'am.
protest take place everywhere. not everywhere ppl get killed. fire dat shud be directed at feet r shot on head
not everywhere, people pelt forces wd stones. where they do, like recently in bangalore, unfortunate deaths happen!
in case you wanna get your ball on today :) hosted by
ha nice. i'm not athletic enough for blogging though ;)
she's the one that doesn't wanna come back
i spoke to on and she said she'd be open to come back
the question isn't "if" but "how much" of the cash given to iran ends up in the hands of terrorists.
i know! all of it!!!
hmm ok i'll keep that in mind !
to elaborate, it's a love story told exclusively by handwritten postcards between the two protagonists.
i think it's expected behavior to a developer, not to a user. eg: open a modal, add a user, close modal, hit back button.
i think you could create a modal that when closed, would either replace, or remove that route from history.
the official hashtag is though!
well i wasn't going to read much then was i!! thank you :)
ignite is the best of ! highly recommend attending and speaking. it was my first ignite and really enj...
me too! glad i made it to the stage in time
it's apparently illegal to offer opinions on twitter....shut er down boys!
lmfao this chick is nuts
yep, you should go watch it &amp; see what i'll tell you..
it's on youtube ?
meee tooo. and when they bought a toxic asset.
fill me in on the toxic asset? was that oil or something else?
so you're statement is therefore invalid !!!
can a girl just b cheesy
have never been more amused with a hater via internet than this morning pls dude relax
dude fuck what the hell
a: ios 10 face recognition doesn't sync between devices, isn't in backup b: my ipad and iphone have 10% delta in number of faces/person
and if you combine faces to teach it, you'll have to do it on every device.
imagine eating pizza from anywhere but new york city
literally don't even talk to me because pizza just sucks here.. i can't deal with "decent" pizza anymore!
meee tooo. and when they bought a toxic asset.
they lost money on the oil.
i think it's expected behavior to a developer, not to a user. eg: open a modal, add a user, close modal, hit back button.
haven't tried it, but history.replace might do it:
i never thought i'd be this excited to go to albany
best news i've ever heard
we knocked out of the park with 4 sell outs, 21 shows, &amp; countless memories... who was your favorite?!
dave and tim! should be a yearly tradition!
can't wait
what's that ??? you're coming home for toc???? okay sounds good
if i could dm you i would. yes on ballers.
hey! i got my answers - just some characters q's. thank you!
many never drink espresso. the best drink 3-4 shots a day. i drink 10 shots a day. most don't do this.
10+ shots gain you access to the religion
even when there is no clinton story, you guys make up one. why is it up to her campaign manager to create policy.
kellyanne says "ask my candidate" all the time and you media folks say nothing......i'm tired of the double standard.
i managed to get one of the extra-pages ones when i renewed last year, right before they stopped doing them!
so annoying that they stopped that!
"took what was his" as if the woman is a belonging smh
if she is my wife..i am her husband. we are eachother's.. that's the vowes that were taken before god.
thats my mood right now as the is out in british columbia.
yes! i'm also relistening to his closing party set from yesterday. you should listen to it! it's fire
thread of my favorite kate vines
25.) she's too precious for this world
did trump smile and give thumbs up gesture?
you would have had him do what, otherwise?
another great macos sierra feature: built-in quicklook &amp; preview on files, like mr ray from finding dory:
that's awesome. i love when quicklook works the way i expect it to!
so you are voting against your own interests with hrc for what reason then?
trump is more against my interest in my view
kudos to john (jon?) bellsprito for knocking down stereotypes and attempting to be the tough gay kid.
lol years ago he applied to my job and i stole his application so he never got hired. i would've killed him
according to nielsen, 2% of fox news's audience is african american
many nato countries fail to contribute 2% of their gdp. that 2% is yuge &amp; your belittles people. !
tram is so much better than aal, fight me
still think tram versus trioscapes is a more accurate comparison, members aside
browser tells me there's malware and won't let me open link.
me too - is that
is that travel? meals? bribes?
effort spent gathering and rationalizing input, reconciling concerns, and sharing the ramifications of potential paths.
only because i was too lazy (time-poor) to investigate youtube's capabilities for organising them into lists!
we understand. you're still working on publishing the schedule
i thought asan and tsan were supported for objective-c, but are disabled for us claiming it requires swift 3?
that sounds like a bug. i use both in objc
do you have a jacket in m? :)
possibly - come see me
gaze into the eyes of a car looking for a vague form within. cars without this animating homunculus / spirit are dormant and will not act.
this is my car. old bluey. an incredible soul.
yes and yes :)
you're in croatia?
thank you. i didn't wanna be the one to say it
ofc, more people should !!
. your interview w/ on creative habits, i.e. flow or autopilot, reminded me of 's last book.
thank you! stay tuned for more, as always :)
i mean i'm not even complaining. haha. i slept at 4 in the morning.
maybe one of your coworkers watches ur stream and did u a favor
i wish my team would blow a 3-1 lead in the finals
i see you had to add on "in the finals" because they did in the wcf
i need beats only fire dont hit me with the 25$ 100$ beat package nonsense. you know if u got heat. send to my email rucdajackel.com
hey hyd ii got beats
congratulations to our brother for officially getting into !!!
thanks boys!
i trust an educated person to carry out his own unbiased research
and i have and believe the outrage in kashmir is managed and manufactured!
i don't much care about don king saying "nigger." he preyed on our communities and killed two people, so he's done much worse by us.
don king saying "negro" and "nigger" wasn't nearly as interesting as the message he gave about black assimilation. it's boilerplate for us.
is that travel? meals? bribes?
also negotiating hierarchies in some types of orgs.
i am. i'll check it out thanks
i got this and played this morning. great rec!
newest sextee told him she was writing a book abt him--"you're my hannibal lecter"--and his response is to send her a pants-less photo 2/2
the documentary is nothing short of jaw dropping. an insanely up-close line of sight into his persona and home life
wow i'm honored! thank you! and nice analysis and report!
nice! congrats sui. hmm gankstars and iraqizorro not on there, even bigger reach.
i want to open a restaurant called thanksgiving where u can get thanksgiving food family style year round except on thanksgiving
on thanksgiving they serve lobster
i need beats only fire dont hit me with the 25$ 100$ beat package nonsense. you know if u got heat. send to my email rucdajackel.com
sorry here is the right link
if i was really balling i wouldn't have to work everyday
you might enjoy this article on it give me a minute to find it again
bought new monitors before editing the new g2 doc, turns out they were far too bright hence the dark interview shots at points :(
calibrating new monitors after you've spent months (or longer) working on old monitors is the worst &gt;_&lt;
i've been using the regimen for a month now, and my face still dry can i use the aha?
it's time! yes.
frank ocean thinkin bout you remake on youtube rn
ok this is genius
now you're in love w/ her? nah bro, you've always been in love with her. don't have ya boy get out and go back in f...
i agree 100% pretending thia just happened. he saw a way in. if this was your "boi" this wouldnt even be talk
the democratic answer to injustice, poverty, and crime is more of the same. don king said it best: give power back to the people!
don king was a smart man! power to the people, not the government!
wow, near-perfect morning of weather in nyc.
agreed! i was pleasantly surprised myself!
she's the one that doesn't wanna come back
never said once she doesn't want to come back where do u get your facts from
:) thanks! as a tiny little company in a flyover state, it's pretty satisfying.
oh, i bet... really glad to hear of this +100
not all staten islanders are narcissistic barbarians, but all the narcissistic barbarians in the office are from staten island
try living on that island with them
yet they turn video off or destroy tapes. to no consequence?
is it like deleting confidential emails?
larry ellison talks about insights at an impressive speed.
&amp; i was there when he launched oracle data warehouse &amp; said the same thing :) faster &amp; better now!
she said no for the draft
she's doing other stuff u stupid idiot
"nobody will pay for roads"... so how do we finance public information infrastructure and transparency into government proceedings?
it's almost as if every citizen should pay some kind of fee proportional to their income that is spent on common infrastructure
when you said papa johns during the olive garden competition, was it bc of ? (was listening to podcast)
very possible that slipped into my mind. i was watching the food review they did w/ night before
why keep asking queen and adam if there going to do an album together when all three have said no???
because ppl want want that badly!
earliest a vote can happen is february. it's a very shitty time to be a dfs player in nv
we put up with it in ny for a while untill a month ago.
here's the article: that url came from tweetchat's url shortener. won't use again!
what's the latest on ca's balance billing near-law? gov hasn't yet signed?
you big bitches got to stick together
"we're all in this together"
can i start using the aha+ on the 3rd week of the regiment?
if your skin has adjusted to the treatment then yes. many people can start with aha at week 3. sensitive skin needs 4 weeks.
she said no for the draft
check her twitter i beg you
ugh, what a day. at least tomorrow's friday.
you're both bastards
still dreaming about
wow, i cannot imagine
not that i'm a bit fan of barplots, haha, but some of the critiques out there are naive &amp; overblown.
i totally ranted about this too:
on social media. 44% attending this seminar don't have a twitter acct. that will go down after today.
i'm already seeing new people on the hashtag feed!
yes, i can hear you dummy. what up captain
listen to baddest dj on tha planet! let's go!!
no worries, been there plenty of times. having a second person read it over is always incredibly helpful.
im having a bunch of people look over it when they can, but i just wrote it haha :)
thread of my favorite kate vines
27.) current fave song + kate = a whole lotta yes
just another product for them to abandon
bring back wave
1/while everyone fixates on don king blurting the n-word what's missed is what he said: no matter how high you climb, you're still a n---er.
this is not the language of a true american heart. we cannot let this racist disrespect continue.
wonder why this isn't on the news ....
the federal court record for this case
i only like meat on those paws no bony fingers
when are you gonna let me squish you with mine
totes. also, amusing it's still paper-based...
i have an appointment at the passport office tomorrow. that will be fun!
did you see (or listen to?!) this week's episode of ? you really should.
as someone who works for oculus the vr topics are always some of my favorite videos..keep up the good work man!!
babes, i'm going auburn soon. who is your hairstylist?
i wish i had someone to recommend but kim's no longer and she would dye jobs . rn all i go to salons for is cuts
if you were the pm of india, what you would have done after the uri attack?
hammer the paaki- dogs ,.on a constant basis &amp; destroy and divide them jai mata di jai hind
my mom just called me a yankee
i think cool northerners should be called mets.
grifters gonna grift... bill clinton 'furious' at attacks 'smearing' his foundation legacy
hahaha his legacy is rape, impeachment, dishonesty, graft and sexual immorality! oh, and hillary
how do you price that out? no snark intended ...(well, not a lot of snark, admits to oneself)
estimating the work based on communicating with many stakeholders, gathering input and feedback, and sharing potential solutions.
she said no for the draft
one she had a walk for breast cancer and other appearances
google photos unsurprisingly seems to have better recognition than ios 10. but (also unsurprisingly) the ui is opaque &amp; confusing
the photo recognition in your photos app is the photo recognition you'll use
5. scout 4. ? 3. ? 2. 1. ? the top 5 mid laners at this year's league of legends world championship...
everyone knows faker is top dog. leaving the top spot isn't intriguing. it's silly.
oh shit, duh, forgot about
yeah but has and honestly, that much cuteness is simply too distracting for me to read their site.
is miocic going to flip out if they show struve's tko before ufc 204? someone warn the countdown show producers.
stipe pulls up in the manchester arena car lot...
in the hopes that we can still have some incredible experiences together?
of course. i've seen you perform while totally sick &amp; it was still one of the best shows i've ever seen.
lunch today with my friend jake . check out their wonderful sale this week:
and if you're in new york, check out classes:
so you are voting against your own interests with hrc for what reason then?
i also don't agree with the premise that hrc is against my interest. i support most of her stated policies.
my morning workout has me sweating so bad. especially my tits. forever wishing i could run naked.
thank you for beautiful view
she said no for the draft
if anything they're waiting
ya'll still don't wanna eat ass? grow up.
exqctly licking n literally kissing ass should be norm now
i be like girl i ain't never heard of that religion before lol
thought i was tha only one
larry ellison; "customers don't want to integrate 50 different apps from 50 different vendors"
but they are doing it unfortunately - biz led the way to scatter their apps as they jumped up to cloud for necessity
did you say all this when he endorsed obama?
endorsing is different than being an actual campaign surrogate.
actress lisagay hamilton: why i am on the women's boat to gaza
maybe they will have time to pop over to syria?
how does she come to the # $1b? sounds like she threw out a large number and is playing reactionary politics
i don't know! i do know that she initially made this proposal in the summer of 2015.
how do you price that out? no snark intended ...(well, not a lot of snark, admits to oneself)
value based pricing works to capture that usually, because the value of the process and outcome to a complex organization is high
i'm grateful for fans on ! and i have prizes! fans who tweet using by 9pm et will be entered to win!
let's go o's!!
glad to see the media isn't blowing this out of proportion
right!? meanwhile a man is shot by police because his car broke down. but hey, let's talk about famous people getting divorced.
oh joy - great user experience - but thanks for heads up i thought it was because i wasn't technical
i tried that several times but they said there was a sort of bug with ios 10.
yes "big boys and girls" can choose to give their content to you for "exposure" but that doesn't mean they should.
gary's reply kinda hits the mark, there is a difference in doing something you believe in vs needing payment
best? no way
not funniest, best quality 100%
ohhhh you didn't know? did you see when yr guy fell asleep and the family pic was behind him? so brilliant!
i missed it lol this makes the show even richer now!!!!
btw got two videos for y'all today... they're a bit late, but worth it.
oh how you dishing out treats today. loving it.
in the hopes that we can still have some incredible experiences together?
the music and the story that you've built is a standalone entity that we can all appreciate regardless of circumstance
join the apg community rick and you won't feel lonely again!
who is this guy rick that you speak of captain nick?
chicken caesar salad undefeated. like how could you mess that up? it's perfect.
u put ranch on that?
what about a trip to the jushie?
only if they pay me to perform cowboy before the 300
where is melania trump? no show for weeks. if elected, will trump just lock his wife up in wh basement? will ivanka be flotus?
will she be at the debates.
bahahaha this is a joke right?
come on now. you know me lol
have these people read any rap lyrics?
relevant, well, only if a rapper was running for president. is trump a rapper now too?
3/ "platforms" are a side effect. and core product needs to be working before forcing platform growth. cc
how do other messaging platforms deal with cross-app, cross-bot, group privacy contexts?
happy birthday to the one and only ! have a good one!
thanks mc chicken! when was this photo taken?
is miocic going to flip out if they show struve's tko before ufc 204? someone warn the countdown show producers.
stipe pulls up in the manchester arena car lot...
thank you simon!!!!
so deserved ben, good luck!
when did you start eating eggs?
i've eaten eggs since i was 18, after i learned that my mother mistakenly told me i was allergic to them when i was 8. love em!
turns out i can't unlock my computer with my watch so i guess the future is shit.
apple: 75% of the shit we announce actually works.
babes, i'm going auburn soon. who is your hairstylist?
i play with my shades a lot , the only thing i could recommend is what use to keep it shiny which is a treatment from dr
how do you price that out? no snark intended ...(well, not a lot of snark, admits to oneself)
if an organization has high complexity and the work does not have commensurate value, do not do the work.
but who will tweet for frank?
:) doesn't he have a sister?
about last night
i literally walked into my home with a $10 bag of ham saying i got a pound bc everytime we get half its gone within a fucking day
happy birthday i hope you have a wonderful day!!
thanks carmen.
is there a reason its like this? everyone cant make up their minds at the same time?
looks like hillary's big lead has evaporated in the last week, after her "basket" comments and her illness
every student should be able to graduate from college without taking on any debt.
that's great and all us have pay more again i'm not for people not getting but everyone else ends up paying ends up paying ?
she said no for the draft
the draft was for active roster members she's on the call back list
promotion time! is going to become ! call up becomes official march 2017.
congrats! just in time for a invite.
in his eyes the white man is better and we are all n's no matter the status or job ect. what a clown.
don king has always been a clown! i could stomach him!
i did this in 2008 where the cash at!!!!
"bonkers" still the best hip hop song of the last 10 years!
this is your last chance!!!! get on the boat!
excited to do this raffle
the cool thing about night exams is you have all day long to worry about them!!
i totally miss my undergrad wednesday 7-10pm exams. comes with two practices, a lift, and classes all day!!!
woah are you okay?
not mine, is an artist.
i gotchu bro, gimme like 2 monfs
more like 2 weeks, nigga, i gotchu
why do think he's always being sued, bankruptcy, audits investigation of fraud, and divorces. it's because he's jus...
you're absolutely right!
the photo recognition in your photos app is the photo recognition you'll use
(eg the modern ai version of the camera in your pocket is the best camera you have)
how can anything happening in journalism be distracting for a woman of your calibre?
kind of you to say... it is unfortunately in my contract....
oh "tell me all about your fancy container config, i know all about the perl script that runs yo shit"
discussing do_evil.sh, fix_all.pl, parallelized distributed root shells, other world class infra practices w
woah are you okay?
thanks for checking in though!
starting to believe they "leaked" for press tho
i have been thinking this since the jump omg
., i just may have had a couple extra to bring into the office today ...
yo ... look what brought for us.. ?
at what point do we stop pretending "jihadist" terrorism is a problem rooted in muslim culture and not rooted in ou...
you have a very poor grasp of the middle east an area plagued with sectarian violence and jihadist
heard next update activates the hidden iphone 7 aux port
i just realized how big a deal always having to carry an adapter will be. never can you take the aux in an uber with ur buds
really don't think a 26kt wind needs to be 'battled'! the a330 limit is 40 kts!
it's airlive. they steal news and exaggerate right, ?
a guy who busted up a bunch of red light cameras is running for senate against
sounds like my kind of guy! where do i sign up and donate?
time to boycott cnn as they are not news, they are dirty like donald trump!
what makes that funny 2 me is, i hear people call 'clinton news network' every where else.
so you are voting against your own interests with hrc for what reason then?
i see this as a choice between hrc and trump only. in my mind, that's an easy choice.
do u have a uk supplier? i really want i to try your products but the shipping is a little pricy
sorry we do not at this time. if you find anyone reselling it there, it is likely fraudulent, so heads up on that.
don't normally respond to these but this is so out of context &amp; unfair. what aired b4 &amp; after are important.
love watching u . ur like the black version of honey boo boo show. keep it up buddy
made a pilgrimage to brooklyn &amp; the holy grail of hot sauce shops. the knows where it's at. cheers guys.
, cheers for ensuring our reputation preceded us!
sorry. not raging. we'll have to see is all. i don't think we'll make a dent after hrc is potus. you're good.
i hope you're wrong about dents i know you're wrong about me i want stein's positive influence to grow after november.
lots of "look what i'm gonna do!" posts, but none abt what they did b4 this-even tho it's been dialogue 4 a while on twitter.
a good point. i hesitate to name the actions i've taken as it seems self congratulatory though. fine line.
shannon beador's mother-in-law donna claims she pushed david to an affair
someone think about the kids and the fact they see all this
i was in the scene with tobias and cat today
yeah u saw the set pictures , but sam wasn't there
think i need these jackets in my life. (even if cupertino isn't ready for such style).
you might cause one of the buildings to drop off the face of the earth.
also, money in politics has been eclipsed by technology. consuming advertising is voluntary activity now. pointless spending except on olds.
why you trying to make me lose my job ??? :(
all the ones i had graduated so you doing better than i am lol
at least they didn't come to college with u and then dubbed u cuz they are fake like i would rather them graduate
as i tweet from my computer like a fucking shmuck bc i brokw my phone
how do u even do this
thank you for bringing my confidence back! cleared up my face pretty quickly.. thank you again!!
all right! good to hear. if you haven't added in aha+ yet, that will take you to even new levels of perfection :)
yes lol the boxed one 2.99 ones yassssss
sutter home ? lol bye bro
don't know if anyone's noticed but right now hillary aint "powering through" a damn thing. where is she?
hillary is at home resting, seizing and seeing double! sad but true!
thanks! i'd worried whether you were still eating.
not eating? i don't understand. i don't think those words go together...
you live in a fortress armed with cctv you'll be aight
you have to have that to keep the barbarians out
don king saying "negro" and "nigger" wasn't nearly as interesting as the message he gave about black assimilation. it's boilerplate for us.
king said that no matter what we black folks achieve in society, we'll always be just "niggers" to some. old lesson that we've all heard.
why do i dream of this all the time - i wish i was at flor de mayo rn .
i would eat lomo saltado with beef fried rice no vegetables; keep the tomatoes along with a pia colada for the rest of my life.
i kept saying how i wanted to see a will away soon and now they're on that run with tmp which i have a ticket to already so look at that.
although i wish i would've known about the amh date before i bought tickets for brooklyn. but it's cool. i'll just go to both. lul.
fbi releases image of men who took luggage from bomb that didn't explode
um, english language much?
inaugural's gonna be a laugh riot. michelle obama mocks melania trump
imagine the firestorm created if trump went after the moose?
well remember the evil one on it too.
i'm trying to block her out
do you repost this every time you turn down an offer to leave square?
every time i see some weenie tech guy in my timeline write a blog post about leaving his job
gearing up for a run.
show us the gear! tight mesh perhaps?
bringing baltimore to harlem in november
thats dope!!!!!
hey thanks for the follow bud
i appreciate your podcast. keep it up
5 more days we can do it
as you sit in school with no wifi... you're the one to blame this month!
i'm seriously sitting waiting for class to start trying not to cry
and this is just the album cover and title smh at me when the actual album is released
putin's man in chechnya embraces the new chivalry
cool hat,where can i get one?
. says 'scares the s--- out of me'
jealous much ?? take ur $10m &amp; your shark tank &amp; stick it where the sun don't s...
safe to say the boston photography scene is at its lowest point...
i'm not sure what that means, but i'll be there soon ;)
i'm also a weirdo who shops at camping stores for everyday things. it's built so much better. cold water from a canteen, man!
initial report is it keeps it nice and hot
everything star trek stands for is the opposite of what donald trump stands for.
you're obviously forgetting the ferengi.
the "free-time paradox in america" resonates. busy as a status symbol.
i reread this article once every few months, and vow (try?) not to befall the busy trap. so on point
i see why the players may be upset about the tweets. while it's obviously directed at management it does technically ask why wasn't i there
instead of player x (abdelkader). these guys have pride, of course they're offended. they did everything they individually could've.
ultimately, no. imessage forces this: user a sends user b something in imessage. user b says "i want that." user a says...
"just get it from the app store." on you'll just interact with brands (previously called pages). non-brands will be...
the best electric bass player who ever lived, jaco pastorius, died tragically 29 yrs ago today. thanks, jaco.
his high school was up the street from where i lived in florida
when did you start eating eggs?
's always eaten eggs as far as i know. she's pretty ovo-lacto except now the lacto f's with her system. like, fff's with it.
these shameless pakistanis wont leave india,we need to boycott films and music featuring pakistanis
mr.thackeray please do something kick these paaki-dogs from mumbai &amp; send the three paaki khans to fuckistaan jai mata di
the debate around immigration is an important one (when had sensibly), but the stat is nonsense.
debate not spoken a/b in terms of real agenda, which is elite looking 4 cheap labor.
its not just one game. teams have been able to gash the middle for 3 seasons. lol
louisville and who else. ga tech and maybe houston. who else?
adrian peterson can now spend more time with his son bonding over how to heal from injuries.
this is a real easy paint by numbers joke but i don't care. fuck that guy.
- we sure do! trump will not have a teleprompter with speeches written by others to go off of! can't...
i bet part of the clinton prep team are psychiatrist.
played my first pro game today yo you'll be seeing me soon, only a matter of time, s/0 bethel high for never letting me play
4-7 today triple,2 doubles and a single... oh and 5 rbi's
or at least have them marked so that they would re-download - such a pain!
i didn't realize that didn't happen. thanks for the heads up. hamilton re-download commencing.
photography is a pretty niche community. it's for celebrities and memes.
hmm. i don't follow any celebs on ig or see memes! twitter is where i see jokes. then again, i don't follow celebs in general..
why does my order say it's going to arrive next thursday?? i ordered last sunday and at checkout it says 3-8 business days.. wow
please contact support.org or call 1-800-773-7803 for support during us business hours. they'll help you sort it out.
story on my dad for those interested i prefer this to obit.
my grandmother was in the camps - and i went to grad school in framingham. small world
hey it's my bff's birthday so let's fuck jt up. we didn't hang enough this summer because this is the only...
also happy birthday lol
ugh got me bent i hate when i print something and i see a mistake after i printed it
i'm not gonna spend another 15 cents printing it whatever i'll take the grade deduction
i don't know why my customers try to ask me out on dates when i can literally see their bank account balance is negative
sometimes i think about this tweet and crack the fuck up
ryan that form needs some work
we in nyc love you ryan but agree with lachina on your form. watch the leg. lol!
my aunt found my twitter &amp; followed me
how does she know whag twitter is
except that today's proposal is all of the goodies without any of the offsetting savings we or others have proposed.
. be nice if a little fraction of this largesse could land on aca marketplace subsidies.
love your app, but send to plugin for sketch is causing sketch to crash under mac os sierra. any fixes in the works? gracias!
we released updates to the plugin and the app last week, have you updated?
that looks interesting erin. did you read it?
i read it this summer for . it's the story of pixar's success as a creative powerhouse. definitely recommend it!
blake griffin's path to musical bliss | 30 days in la
i gotta watch this tonight!
it that for me? :d
it's empathy.
also happy birthday lol
this was so lackluster jesus im sorry i just woke up
*lifts ya onto his shoulders * any place ya wanna go?
*clings to your big broad shoulders* i dunno this place is pretty damn fine~
i dunno; probably never work. i mean, can you imagine everyone paying for stuff whether or not they use it? for example, healthcare
or the military
"the nra's new anti-clinton ad is scary. it's just not accurate."
of course it's not accurate - was not intended to be - just part of the massive program to lie ...
playing shawty lo shit all day
thank me later bro
i don't like how ios 10 forces you to use the home button to unlock
go to settings my good man you can turn it off
designing a health care product is hard. so is earning user trust. i wrote a bit about both:
upon a quick scan your post reminded me how great and clear your thinking is. hope we'll get to collaborate again one day!
instead of player x (abdelkader). these guys have pride, of course they're offended. they did everything they individually could've.
they followed the coaching plan (another problem) and did whatever they can do as the group that was assembled by management.
this is happening everywhere around the country despite the msm attacks and outright deceit. ...
in spite of, on average 2 negative stories a day at the ny times
which sounds prob pretentious but w/e, i just mean extreme metal &gt; alt rock, torture porn &gt; ghost movies, etc
i hear that. mostly agree, although extremity can be subjective. i find ghosts way scarier than torturers.
that's great and all us have pay more again i'm not for people not getting but everyone else ends up paying ends up paying ?
more in the end
moreof right-wing wallstreet typedemocrat. pro-choice republican ismore you klling brownpeople 4funandprofit that sort of thing
i would peg me as a realist, but ok, sure.
josh is under contractual obligation with another facility...
my agent might be able to get me out of that contract
12% of likely voters say they won't vote for either clinton or trump, will not vote or don't know yet.
how can "likely voters" say they will not vote?
i swear i look so much better with crazy colored hair than normal hair lol
in love with ur hair rn!!!
it was hard to go in for a club that no longer existed - and if you remember, a club that was relocating to houston
than as club moved to houston, and doesn't look good in orange :)
it was sarcasm. ;)
reallly? "because now we're apprently saying it whenever we do it." that was archer. and also sarcasm.
damn they offering 5,000$ for information on who beat that cop up in long branch
shit comedy
dear twitter, send me links to packages that provide "associative array / hash / dictionary" functionality in !
i know about hash, but i remember there being some interesting packages on github?
so dedicated !
i haven't watched him for some time. he is getting better, sharper in msg&amp; higher in energy
i did a restart and now everything is working fine again.
glad to hear it!
thank you very much. shall i call you trink or trinket, or something else?
my name is lindsay
hi if you make beats or whatever send me them pls thanks.
hey hyd check these beats
. it really works .
it sure does :) if you haven't tried aha+ that will take it to the next level as well.
sorry. no. this is not your song.
unless this is a low key endorsement of hrc in which case you are brilliant and can totally share fight song
really really
they're the coolest people i swear
that is the biggest l i will be taking. however there's a % of the time uber doesn't have aux and another % where i connect via bt
connect to bluetooth on a strangers car? doesn't that usually require the car to not be in motion, &amp; is sometimes confusing
here's another good interview. also shows all the reveals most of us missed! it only clicked w/me w/cigare...
i knew the cigarettes were important but i hadn't put it all together :)
seas? bah! you're thinking too small!
anthony prolly shouldn't be allowed near his kid. it's pretty fucked up.
this dream was my birthday gift from god himself
it was obvi me riding the pipe like a bike
"just get it from the app store." on you'll just interact with brands (previously called pages). non-brands will be...
thought of as "apps". is an "app" in rather than a "bot". i think.
where's my goddamn man from uncle sequel?
never happening. at least we'll always have that moment in which cavill and hammer bicker over vikander's paco rabanne belt.
a good point. i hesitate to name the actions i've taken as it seems self congratulatory though. fine line.
but there is vibe of "all talk no traction" on twitter esp from white edus. i am sure myself included.
i think the exact same thing about industrial music.
worst music except for all the other kinds of music. i mean, jazz? fuck outta here, nerdz.
i gotta try the lomo from there see what the hype about
the best i promise you'll start dreaming about the lomo from flor de mayo.
i could have sat on this panel all day long.
you all were fantastic! thanks for a great afternoon
when u back out i should get off soon
less than a month
but it is weird how that stuff changes over our lives. always thought of it as innate, lifelong. perhaps not.
that is for real. carla was fine with lactose until about 6 months ago. she got very sick, and then never tolerated it again.
america is at the crossroads: submit to globalism and terrorism, or make america strong again.
time to change directions!
starting to hear a few people trying to redefine the "c" in from "communications" to "collaboration". doesn't fly, imo
time for epaas or ekspaas - everything and the kitchen sink platform as a service.
unless this bitch got 2 of those shirts then my bad.but i doubt it who the fuck wears every class. i have 3 classes with her
oh....it's a person who died from cancer. why do i do this to myself . fucking idiot
my 96 year old wwii war hero dad died last nite. 3 silver stars, 7 combat/invasion medals his quote on war to follow. proud to be his son.
best wishes and sympathy to you and your family at this time. clearly an amazing man.
!!! wow! thanks for using one of my s in your latest post, !! you all made my day!...
you're such a rockstar with your kendall shades
thanks man i appreciate it! it's good on itunes but i think it sound sound better on channel 83 haha
haha i don't have nearly the pull around the office you think i do
picking up trades? here are the new books we got in this week. check out our staff's fantastic picks!
's fantastic pick makes me very happy
king said that no matter what we black folks achieve in society, we'll always be just "niggers" to some. old lesson that we've all heard.
king's argument is that african american assimilation is impossible because of racism. but he said that in front of trump, whom he endorses.
how pray tell are sanders hands tied? lack of a spine?
and btw, you start a movement from nothing and run around the country doing rallies for thousands? or just complain on twitter
take it easy with the name calling lol you're falling apart here were just chatting is all mate
melina is a sensitive subject
officially in love with arts writers &amp; editors cc
the admiration is mutual!
"just get it from the app store." on you'll just interact with brands (previously called pages). non-brands will be...
thought of as "apps". is an "app" in rather than a "bot". i think.
no. 8 michigan state vs no. 11 wisconsin saturday at noon in b1g opener. debut at 10:30 am. spartan fa...
may the best team win . go green!
psa: do *not* click on the anthony weiner trend. you're welcome.
what else can you expect?
has run one of the most disastrous campaigns in history, reeking of badly told lies &amp; tarnishing ev...
amen. shows her true character
crime pays. will , , and care? ...
crime pays 4 rich&amp;powerful not 4 poor. country/world is run by rich/powerful
funny how the media and liberals didn't knock king when he supported obama in '08 &amp; '12 elections.
remind me again how many times obama invited king to speak on his behalf.
send a little digital story through imessage with the new sticker packs for ios 10!
love this shannon and love you and hagan - !! we are addicted to sending bits of back and forth :)
ugh! i had no idea she use to dye your hair. she did an amazing job each time.
thank you i was very blessed .try to get your hands on this . there's one more i'll get back to you on
phil kessel overcame cancer! what more do you garbage goblins want from him???????
yeah but he ate a hot dog so he's a bad person
take it easy with the name calling lol you're falling apart here were just chatting is all mate
she's on their calling list just like
hillary's economic speech today to focus on higher wages for people with disabilities, other plans.
. well, i don't really trust her when it comes to social values. look at her donor list and you'll u...
at the 311 concert at the fair. lol.
okay. now i remember.
you're sincerely retarded and i hope you get help :)
you're sincerely blind and i hope you get help
with two black men shot dead by cops this week, this is a great reminder of who new york papers truly represent.
yep. and no mention of the new ruling that nypd now have power to prosecute protesters. shit is about to get real dark.
none of the above easily make more sense. i hope you have no family of draft age.
none of the above still means that 1 or other wins. i don't c trump as a safer bet than hrc when it comes to military conflict.
well, this is amazing
wow! i really need someone to come over &amp; give me twitter lessons. i don't even know how to do weekly thank you for fav tweeps
why can't we just put a taco stand on every corner and make mexico pay for it?
. mexico could probably make up the difference with tips.
now i want to hear why you use it, and how it's been wrong. lol
i kinda used it similar to fb =\
feliz late birthday rat rat love you b
thanks cho
take it easy with the name calling lol you're falling apart here were just chatting is all mate
why do you think they pushed return back
"anthony weiner" changes his name to "anthony pederast." to be followed by "anthony prison-wife."
he's has kinski's sins, without any of his "charms."
send a little digital story through imessage with the new sticker packs for ios 10!
love this shannon and love you and hagan - !! we are addicted to sending bits of back and forth :)
totally. he's producing oscar nominated films, she's in king fu panda 3.
no but real talk more often than not men are drunk assholes so shouts out to angelina you do you girl
i was in the scene with tobias and cat today
will you go back for more days ?
totally agree im not paying someones way to twitchcon screw that
yea, it's just sad to see that shit
i used to look out for people ... now i just look out for people.
yeah what eves nigga
my bad i mean the 8th!
damn i'm going to be in disneyland that weekend
i need like an 8 person van lol
lmao my nissan may not make the cut
well, if it's anything like me and scotch in college, she'll be able to drink milk in about ten years.
well, she didn't get sick by taking a metric shit-tonne of scotch to the face, so it might be a little different...
early morning compliments to put a smile on my face.
u should recieve compliments always
alert! this is how hillary clinton would spend your tax dollars. like a drunk on a bender... ...
wow! no words to even say!
i will never tire of saying this.
definitely a good rule to follow. thanks for the awesome session content!
thrown out of court because she did not come to court. are if it's real. waiting to see before spreading ugly rumors.
wrong. it had been dismissed on a filing technicality in ca, then refilled in ny with an attorney
so we're playing some gigs in november, we want to play a lot of new stuff but what do y'alls wanna hear?
the whole new record :)
if they didn't install all the citibike stations maybe someone would have a place to park
what about people who can't afford to own cars? where do they park?
oop cap seems to be getting most press, but expanding the existing low-income programs &amp; cutting cost-sharing in ha...
killing the waiting period for disability medicare a pretty big step, too.
new: fbi looking for 2 men who allegedly took suitcase that was holding unexploded pressure cooker bomb near chelse...
you forgotten term " unlicensed" pressure cooker
in sure this is a list you just have in you back pocket?
no it was online
fletcher hanks was an awful man who made insane comics. worth a read when that handsome complete edition comes out.
i hope the comic essay from the first collection about meeting the author's son will be included, very moving
how pray tell are sanders hands tied? lack of a spine?
people like you have no business whining about bernie. i mean at the very least, just shut up.
shockingly, the alt-right trump campaign has decided that mocking black people &amp; getting a black man to join in is...
despicable joy. i wish you were moderating the debates too
have a never ending snapchat banter w judging his culinary choices across the us
the best choices
so long gene wilder - here's an tribute :-(
childhood hero.
your videos are so nice! i subscribed, check out my channel if u want xoxo
thanks girl! i loved your video on the wet n wild fall collection! how fleek is your love is the best!
test worked :)
apparently i'm in oakland. i haven't been there since 1983.
what is this hashtag i see you use a lot about?
it's from the film friday
my favorite kind of hero is the rich boy who by starting a company thinks himself superior than his peers at the country club.
thus peter thiel's san francisco (virtuous) vs new york (corrupt)-dichotomy.
season alert!
good thing costume design scrapped the skirt idea for season 5. whew!
as it appears i get to buy a new stem &amp; saddle for my bike, i would appreciate your recommendations for making those things harder to steal.
in nyc a bike chain inside rubber tubing affixed my seat to the frame. i put wax in my handlebar nut. both seemed to work.
sorry but all residents should have input not a select few
so why is there a muni meter parking in front of my apt. i didn't get to weigh in.
every student should be able to graduate from college without taking on any debt.
the fact that people come in from other parts of the world and given to them on a silver plate
it's easy to tell which news sources are in the tank for hillary. they all have exactly the same headline. "drops n word" based don king!
hahaha don king is a smart rich man !!!
i kno you've never bought a gun, bc you're wholly unaware of what is involved in the process.
from land of "i know how things go based on anecdotal experience &amp; supposition" as opposed to how
what's her last name roni
it was a mistake
so that might be why i'm willing to believe the many witnesses, victim, &amp; all physical evidence.
i don't know what it means to "believe physical evidence", as dna is always circumstantial.
we knocked out of the park with 4 sell outs, 21 shows, &amp; countless memories... who was your favorite?!
always the best
trump appears with pastor who questioned if obama was muslim
thanks , , and many 07-08 assholes.
love . keep up the great work, guys.
we appreciate the love. keep it up with the dodgers social! looking great
crazy chatter: yellen had everything tee'd up for a hike until brainard threw a monkey wrench into the works, stalling for team hillary.
c'mon, jb - more conspiracy theater?
without pa, trump needs nh or co to have a path to 270. no evidence that any of those 3 states are close.
emerson has trump up 2 in co.
wish i could make it, if you fancy doing this in europe let me know :)
next time i'm over there maybe!
reminder the entire bush family remained completely silent as obama fundamentally attempted to transform america!...
so disappointed in them!
i kno you've never bought a gun, bc you're wholly unaware of what is involved in the process.
things really happen in ways he doesn't want to admit or acknowledge.
i don't know what it means to "believe physical evidence", as dna is always circumstantial.
dna doesn't tell a story, so there is nothing to "believe". that's why it's circumstantial.
i'm honored that this paper has a link to my "obamarnn" experiment/data-set :-)
have you tried to run seqgan on obama to see what the samples are like?
and is it the same murderer that backed obama in 08 and 12?
i didn't know that. when did obama ask king to speak at an event. link?
supporters protest gary johnson's omission from debate
absolutely no reason he should on debate stage-not a true candidate by any standard
in which david backes admits that team usa's canadian obsession made them totally overlook team europe. ...
so, torts did a great job then?
so why is there a muni meter parking in front of my apt. i didn't get to weigh in.
yah like the select nimbys who apparently don't have jobs/lives and r able to make cb meetings
king's argument is that african american assimilation is impossible because of racism. but he said that in front of trump, whom he endorses.
trump's idea of assimilation centers on submission to eurocentric ideals. don king made an argument today for why that never works for us.
they followed the coaching plan (another problem) and did whatever they can do as the group that was assembled by management.
the roster certainly left off a bunch of players but the issue is they got absolutely embarrassed in both games strategy wise
we'll think of something
he hasn't asked me for permission to hangout
tamper with artifacts w/o prpr respct shit happens. ask finicum and the siletz woman who showed up. her gson hung himself.
that's an interesting thought though my scientific world view isn't compatible. (1/2)
great to have you in!
thank you. both places were great. see you again soon
great idea to do a follow up!
i'll be at sunday if any oakland chapter girls are avail to interview about ?
thats obama's america, everything is much worse than it was 8 years ago.
personal note, my life's better since '08: i can marry who i want, i can be me openly in the military,
both. the noise bothers me more than the flicker.
true. has to be a really shitty one to have the noise in residential / not industrial setups though. like dorms!
to many liars on this one
you consider having a witness who worked for the codefendant (a convicted sex offender &amp; friend to trump) not worth believing? smh
too good: hillary's e-mail wiper went on reddit for advice on how to hide a 'very vip' address...
funny how ordinary citizens found this info!
so you thought, "let's put him on the cover of our magazine?!?" what's wrong with you?
he's not on the cover.
but do you have your own symbol?
you're so generi, there's like 5 other people and a tournament that can say that too
no, it's on the front page of a tabloid.
lol my teachers in school used to always yell at me for pickin up the post. he use to be like grab the times dammit
you two would like each other.
will do! thanks for the rec :) any friend of unusual chickens is a friend of mine :)
i really be laughing at these cornballs
or poo putts, your pick.
cats cash out on these beats not even thinking about licensing fees for that obvious sample in the beat.
the fee for a sample comes out of the sales not out of your personal pocket
do you give all "loathsome troglodytes" a platform in ? or just the white supremacists?
did you read the piece?
the roster certainly left off a bunch of players but the issue is they got absolutely embarrassed in both games strategy wise
even with this roster they could've at least put up more of a fight if the strategy was different. i really liked reading
don king: "every white woman should vote for donald trump"
another coon has been looking for 5minutes of relevance, ask that fool would the same ignorant convo b coming out his mouth if (1)
are you sayin' ghosts only haunt the home nearest where they died? that does not explain passion-based haunting. :/
not nearest where died i think they just have to pick host but could b like person or object
yes! i talked about how girls tend to aspire to tv sports reporting. would love to see more writers at all levels.
or producers! would be shocking for some men to find out some of their favorite sports shows are produced by women...
dna doesn't tell a story, so there is nothing to "believe". that's why it's circumstantial.
if dna (i.e. semen) is found inside a woman during rape-kit exam, semen is not 'evidence of rape'
i thought of you
wow this is so accurate
true story: when i'm streaming music at work, i skip j hud songs because i feel like the weight of her voice requires too much bandwidth.
not trying to have it all up in my inbox.
and yet you go and give one of them a platform for white supremacy in . interesting.
did you read the piece?
canceling your boost subscription like any other in-app subscription!
how do i cancel, i cannot find it in the app
can someone explain the world hockey championships to me? why does canada and usa have teams but there's a north america team?
na team is 24 &amp; under.
- thanks so much for following! have an awesome day!
hi! you too!! look forward to engaging with you on here
to raise $ &amp; awareness for ! donate to mase's page ||...
in case you were wondering, too...
i think general criticism throughout has been the timing and traveling to another borough for the gym, not the exercise
sure, but what's the pt of general criticism? sometimes he's late so... he's a hypocrite, a bad progressive, unable to govern?
shit like this makes me want to close down this company alltogether.
i dont get this money. i pay it to designers. what am i supposed to do ask for the money back?
first heard via
man, that and the jet set radio soundtrack are some of the best game music ever.
adding an flagship makes strategic sense for apple, when viewed through the prism of dropping "computers" from the brand name.
they needn't sell many to make the point they are more than just a computer company.
the us cannot afford another term of the same disastrous governance. rt if you agree.
so agree 100% time for a new direction!
not nearest where died i think they just have to pick host but could b like person or object
i don't think they could like just up n b like i feel like goin to greece tbh
you're gonna trust everything that's online just cause its someone you like?
if they're going to call back old talent why not call back
jordan that wasn't a dream...
felt so good i thought it was a dream
if dna (i.e. semen) is found inside a woman during rape-kit exam, semen is not 'evidence of rape'
the semen cannot tell u how it got into the woman. i'd presume she spread her legs.
writing this article esp as an older lady who had to navigate gatekeeping gamer culture as a relative outsider was cathartic
oh no, are we calling women in their 30s older ladies
even with this roster they could've at least put up more of a fight if the strategy was different. i really liked reading
brainstorming how they should've deployed certain players for neutral zone responsibilities. the roster is one thing, the coaching decision
tactically, how do you beat a team as fast as tna? turn it into a trap fest? or go balls to the wall and counter with more d-men on rush...
turn it into a track meet and hope hank&gt;&gt;&gt;gibson? so interested to see what the swedes do
now i wonder what his/her name would've been
will* be
that's an interesting thought though my scientific world view isn't compatible. (1/2)
(2/2) but three people committing suicide in a small govt case and watching too many action movies = wtf in my mind lol
gotta hear both sides
what is this i don't even
would be similar (at the very least because of the month-to-month persistence in pdsi)
ok, thanks.
supporters protest gary johnson's omission from debate
supporters? there's more than one?
the semen cannot tell u how it got into the woman. i'd presume she spread her legs.
'physical evidence of rape' would have to be evidence that establishes actual legitimate-rape.
kurt angle said himself that they don't take him back cause of health risks
tommy dreamer said no because of money luckily doesn't care about money
you guys are doing amazing work. looks like it was from the same person. just win that dispute
credit card disputes are hard to win. they also take the money out immediatley and dont put it back for like 2 months
so ready to get my hair done tomorrow thank you goddess
dm me your # :)
sigh. the whole thing makes me very sad. i feel bad for his little kid (he's gonna lose the kid, btw.)
did you watch the documentary wiener? highly recommend.
the bull pen...the bull pen...the bull pen! giants aren't dead yet.
i hope the giants bats come alive that's what it's going to take
sad ending to a great series =[
in the end there was no tomorrow joe
why black jeans gotta fade so quick
wash them inside out with cold water the color last a little longer
don king: "every white woman should vote for donald trump"
(2) ali were still alive and he was still riding his coattails.
i haven't watched the video. kinda scared to
tbh i got the message he was making it wasn't bad lol i just know it's not sincere. you'll laugh
fight, fight, fight! (more on the crispr patent battle)
:( in my experience, george really hates getting involved in fights... of course, i suppose it's the world's tiniest violin here
yes not everyone can ride bikes i depend on my car to cater for my elderly father
and not every1 can afford to own a car. if you need it then pay for it and don't expect others to subsidize u.
thats obama's america, everything is much worse than it was 8 years ago.
so if obama could &amp; were running again, he would most absolutely have my vote.
how many voters will reconsider after watching this condescending video?
i don't listen to hollywood when voting for someone so no it would not change my mind.
brainstorming how they should've deployed certain players for neutral zone responsibilities. the roster is one thing, the coaching decision
is an entirely separate thing to dissect. tortorella helped choose this roster 100% but he clearly misplayed them. arguing these issues
you'd think that by now would have found a way to not require flash for their nest cam web interface. ugh.
appreciate your patience. transition away from flash is taking time due to live streaming/low latency req.
domino will see internal medicine specialist tomorrow for epi, but is doing much better.
glad he is doing better! also, zee has really handsome brothers!
life update! things have been a little crazy lately, but i start a part-time job as a production assistant at comcast sportsnet today.
i'm interning there! hope to see you around!
trump surging the crooked one sleeping
- i know your a bot but, just in case here's a message for...
did you watch the documentary wiener? highly recommend.
if you suspend judgement, he comes across as a guy who actually cares about real issues facing his constituents.
not sad, karma. this is a woman who has hurt and destroyed people all her life. she's a monster and everyone knows it.
her defense of rapist, her bashing the victims of bc,all make her despicable.i am rape survivor,i cannot believe she's candidate!
wtf did they do now?
put milo front and center and let a racist crack jokes about trans women and lesbians, while presenting "all sides."
!!!! why do you literally know every artist i like hook me up
matchmaker matchmaker make me a match
been copped already smfh yall sleep
i'm copping tn maybe
i feel so bad snitching but please don't bring animals to class omg????
did you kick them out?? omg
"it's time to change the narrative." charlotte police chief says the police shooting is not what it lo...
. police shot/killed someone, who lived in an open carry state and who was not a crime suspect. that's how it looks.
literally missed class bc no parking
just remember what you said "perhaps you have plans"
&lt;? for being old youre not to wise. have a kid look up fl election results for you
a vote for stein is a vote for stein, a vote against hillary and trump, and a vote for neither. end of story.
'physical evidence of rape' would have to be evidence that establishes actual legitimate-rape.
evidence establishing legitimate-rape: strangulation marks on neck, bite marks, vaginal trauma.
i honestlyyyyyy don't even know
goat : greatest of all time
weren't you a lil high school senior a few months ago
you always tryna argue someone down sheesh
republican voters are unifying behind
yeah, right. i mean alt right.
thank you for being honest, i admire that. you're brave to not just agree with online vegan bashing.
i mean she can preach the vegan thing differently.. u get what u give ya know
i can't w/ anthony weiner. as someone who had a deeply wrong online relationship w/ an older man @ 15, all i say is...let the poor girl be.
i know exactly the kind of predator anthony weiner is. i spent way too much time at that rodeo as a teen and i'm scarred permanently from it
when i said "you're good" i meant i understand why you're tired of fighting about this. hope that made sense.
thank you for that. i took it to mean something hostile and snarky about how my dream of thwarting change will come true. sorry.
you know i love you!
love you back...wait till i see u.. been saving up mad compliments to unleash on u
democrat publicly berates military service; i have two words for him...
this man is a disgrace!
it will be aldub's 62nd weeksary in a few hours. also the anniv of an episode that extended to real life. (1)...
happy 62nd aniv. mainchard !!!
of us are trying to move in the right direction under that song and flag
blue states are centers of usa culture &amp; intellect but brute power and authority is in the red states
is an entirely separate thing to dissect. tortorella helped choose this roster 100% but he clearly misplayed them. arguing these issues
together would be a category mistake. both issues must be dissected. how should torts have deployed guys like kesler now that he was picked
crime pays 4 rich&amp;powerful not 4 poor. country/world is run by rich/powerful
crime pays 4 rich/powerful not 4 poor. country/world r run by rich/powerful who by governments. our is "best money can buy"
imagine if white people overreacted like psychos any time a white person was a democrat, like leftists do for black folks like don king.
lol you win the idiot award today. i was a toss up between you and the guy who misspelled "the" twice in one tweet. congrats
damn. why dis me and u heohohoho
lol henry is the one in the passenger seat and alan is the angry one
and there it is - knee surgery for adrian peterson. expected to miss multiple games.
if repaired, look for 2-3 mnths 2b lost. if cleaned out, three to four weeks.
the same as any bt headset?
i mean does voice control work? or does it just say "siri not available connect to the internet."
&lt;? for being old youre not to wise. have a kid look up fl election results for you
the ones who voted to help trump were the hillary voters who rejected sanders who polled much better against trump than hrc
plus, i think the data is bad. when i take a case for a flat fee, it looks like i only billed for 1 hour.
i take everything on flat fees. makes solo life that much more awesome.
obama, hillary, kerry should be prosecuted along with any other politicians who used taxpayer money to fund jihadist groups in libya, syria
lets arrest soro also. round up all of these bandits
are richest couple in , hidden asset at least $100 billions, only 5.7% to charity
not to mention watered down drugs handed out-
haha the payment plan is lit lets work for sure. give me a bit and i'll exlusively buy 8 or 9. i'll find the ones i like
alright you pick out your beats and check out with paypal and pay with paypal credit it is instant delivery
it's just that there is so much stuff in design that i want to do
go for it! really! i got a bfa in graphic design and interned in books while i was in school. it's such a fun job.
how does one go on with normal life after adele
i know right? i'm glad you had an amazing time while you were here, heather!
i want to do a furs photo series for the fall. type photo essay
tag me in... i got fur pillows too
deadly erection inducing spiders!!!
this is creepy beyond belief!
i dont get this money. i pay it to designers. what am i supposed to do ask for the money back?
not to mention the $15 fee per dispute
you been in new york too long
hahaha i'm coming home for the fair. maybe
i do not see the bush family rushing to condemn or refute the statement. do you? have they endorsed trump? their si...
their silence is deafening!
not sad, karma. this is a woman who has hurt and destroyed people all her life. she's a monster and everyone knows it.
all her other lies, crimes, i believe murder, she will never get what she deserves in this lifetime, but she will get it!
live combat sports schedule: 9/22 - 9/25. ufc. invicta. rizin. kunlun. road fc. acb. fight nights....
is phil heath fighting for kunlan fight nowadays!?
random morning joe thought: is yamiche alcindor of the nyt related to kareem abdul jabbar?
actually no, but he is related to seymour yamiche by marriage to seymour's sister sadie
obama: mad bomber for - using us military as isis' air force -
sounds pretty sick
how you doing from shawn g i need these beats for real i got nine of them i reall need them can you get back at me now
im right here ii will send you a dm right now
chocolate with strawberry or black cherry topping.
omgosh!!! deana this sounds scrumptious !!
trump's idea of assimilation centers on submission to eurocentric ideals. don king made an argument today for why that never works for us.
for trump, assimilation is about erasing your cultural self. it's more borg than melting pot. i wrote about it here.
coming from someone with hoes in their name, stay classy hoes
the "hoes" is satirical, much like the "think" in your profile.
chris "baby" brown's performances on this christmas made that movie what is to me.
this christmas
you remember when we first met? madddd years ago... i was mad quiet
now i think bout it your right...took a min for u to come out the shell..u barely spoke..
the semen cannot tell u how it got into the woman. i'd presume she spread her legs.
in order to presume innocence of the accused, we must therefore presume that the female consented
failures of jacobsian planning theory, from :
hm. writes like the entire 20th century of affordable/cooperative housing dev that made jacobs's nyc didn't happen
i brought her a box and was like hey.. please deposit your hamsters into box 1 but she refused and just.. went home?
omg,,,,,what the heck,,,,yikes
seriously?????? ... confirm these shenanigans.
oh come on. now. it's me. i usually say he's playing jake lol
hahaha well if you are trying that makes two of us except you probably actually know where to start who to ask haha
keep trying buddy
together would be a category mistake. both issues must be dissected. how should torts have deployed guys like kesler now that he was picked
hockey is mad fun to watch, you can learn so much from watching the other 9 guys without the puck. if you have time watch the strategies
seems like a hackers dream. lots of edge cases when history is mutable
totally. sounds like a backdoor!
i just told my roommate that he's the best freestyle rapper that i know, but the worst dancer that i know and he's not happy about it
if it's jason were talking about he shouldn't even be allowed to do either
this christmas
try a little tenderness
i'm clearly full of that. and opinions.
obviously all the cool people are on "the twitter" welcome to the place to be!
. well, i don't really trust her when it comes to social values. look at her donor list and you'll u...
samuel, there are 2 choices in this election. you don't get to vote for your imaginary choice, alas.
speaking of idiots endangering lgbt people, any sign of ?
in that same vein, i haven't heard much about callum lately either.
what is this nonsense
yes he does
but who will tweet for frank?
oh so many believe me lol maybe i'll make it so! :)
i feel 100% in charge!! to argentina from
so happy you have them!. you look great. 1 of our people.
fda finds herbicide in u.s. honey -
lets kill everybody on this earth- just call monsatan
littt ass night
imma be set for tonight, and i got 2 essays
all were failures....
- i'd say you are probably the failure at life ... so here's a message for you ...
why do ww love these bangs that stop halfway down their foreheads
. this is not a subtweet. my next tweet is about to be tho.
alert the medics! new poll of military voters might send hillary clinton to the er
can you blame them? smart
a vote for the greens, at least in any swing state, is a vote for trump.
wrong, it's a vote for stein, against hillary &amp; trump, and for neither. we were neveer going to vote for warmonger hillary
the fact that people come in from other parts of the world and given to them on a silver plate
system has to be fixed my niece just went through the whole process sad but worked it out thank god
so that might be why i'm willing to believe the many witnesses, victim, &amp; all physical evidence.
"the many witnesses"&lt;-if alluding to case, there were only two witnesses, not "many"
damn had no idea about this.
we still have tables available! please join us!
i gotta change my shit. my ex boyfriend from like 9th grade gave me the name. shit is highkey played out lol
change it to liana legend lmao jk idk good luck tho
oh no! so sorry to hear about the delay. pls follow/dm your confirmation # if i can be of assistance via twitter. *ng
you guys were fine. i canceled the trip and got a refund.
15 years ago today, started the healing process.
i am proud to say i was there and it was amazing !!!!!
miss having you at gigs to bitch with xox
miss the whole seaside indie pop cru x
books published in 2004 by cisco for their certification program != "plenty of documentation on bgp"
i'm trying to remember how i learned about bgp and coming up short. one of the addison-wesley networking texts from the late 90s?
can't believe it's been 2 years. we've had signs from our many times since. we hope you're doi...
hi chris!! showing signs to all! xo!!!
the likelihood of slam dunk never being reanimated by madhouse or even getting a movie on the sannoh match has me so sad
i'm rereading the manga bye
don king is a real black person, not like that don lemon on
more like real convicted murderer. suits trump to have him up there. expect no less
thanks for the love brotha!
yee! ya'll murked it. was worth the wait
a vote for the greens, at least in any swing state, is a vote for trump.
wrong, it's a vote for stein, against hillary &amp; trump, and for neither. we were never going to vote for warmonger hillary
you host and i'm about to take a shower my nigga yuh
lmao why u make me wait for mad long i deadass don't get it
i never said nothing was true lol
besides with them unsure what they are going to do with they need the depth
if you suspend judgement, he comes across as a guy who actually cares about real issues facing his constituents.
except, after the latest revelation, hard to suspend judgement :/
globalist george h.w. bush backs pro-war, anti-gun hillary clinton live 11am-3pm cst
she's family
when is the sweetest person ever
omg i love you and this gif so much
a gay is not technically decent. they do not contribute positively to the species. they are a biological, resource squander
oh so we should test men and women for fertility before granting a marriage license then?
i was in the scene with tobias and cat today
btw mr h has been here in nyc since saturday
joe, you have great articles in your posts. i hope it's ok i called you joe.
joe it is. and thank you for the nice words. what are you working on now and how can i help?
you're basically covering david duke when you do this, but it's ok because he's gay.
they cover straight men all the time. now they cover racists/transphobes. i don't see why they shouldn't invite him on next.
if trump wins, i'm moving to flavor country.
did you add us to your rider (cc: )
hi kenneth. recording a tv show for tv camara this afternoon. will comment around 5pm. would that work?
sure. direct message only
and on wednesday, the sf rew team is going a littleeee crazy ...
it's because we like the folks
hrc proven trackrecord of wanting to start wars.on record sayingshe willgo towarwith iran&amp;russia.but why let facts getin the way
trump has no record, but he has rhetoric and advisors and neither are doves.
king gave a really good speech today about
id love to see your list of "great speeches" so i can mock you further.
i doubt myself way too much..
don't doubt anything
stoppp fuckin playinf with me
lmfao i'm not 100% sure on it but over the this week and a couple weeks after i will find out for sure
i was wondering if once again if you can put me down on another sticky note? i sure need a prayer
all done xo!!
irresponsible and insulting to everyone you passed over to put a grotesque on the cover.
he's not on the cover.
can you get back to me i have nine of them beats
i just sent you a dm brother
today, you will finally experience jet lag
one time i flew somewhere and returned to the same gate less than 24 hours later. that fucked me up bad.
i love seeing the beautify of a full moon at noon ;) btw you going to folsom?
heh thanks, stud- unfortunately we'll be missing out on folsom this year :[
bruh i got four tests next week i should really start studying for
college is great
if i ran a pro offense, i'd junk macho power stuff at the goal and spread the field more often. but you suspect vikes will power-run asiata.
the spread offense qb draw seems to work often when attempted. feels underutilized.
don't come for me.
who's coming for you? need me to kick some ass?
we were talking about interference w/school policy, .
"interference with school policy" is not a criminal offense in any capacity.
take a lonely trip into space with the 'passengers' trailer -
i read a noir comic a long time ago with the same premise. i'm betting the twist is going to be the same.
im actually low key worried name dropping my schoo like that
oh wait ill unretweet srry
this is sadly most universities. :( since they're for profit business, they protect them$elve$ and not their students.
such bullshit they rather protect their reputation then their students.
lolololololol... would make for a lot of $7ac fun on twitter.
u know it!! i'd love it
i just need this soup, a cuddle buddy and a new show to watch on netflix to get through this week
go watch the man in the high castle on amazon prime it's fuckin insane
not sure if fidgety and bored or too much caffeine. maybe both. ok, probably both.
caffidgety.
the energy black out for about 3 minutes!! just when the "lady" was freaking out . may be better loose it
it was dreadful! it was very unpleasant. !
how are you integrating the into practice?
we are working specifically with water, as one of the sdgs. check for more info
will do man thanks any suggestions of who i should reach out to??? i hope they enjoy a good # wolfpackwednesday haha
it's run by siriusxm. i don't have the plug
+1! there's so many think pieces or "best practices" out there that contain mostly vendor-specific marketing
yes. it is taking me more cycles to find anything real, so i can cite and share. even if i know it exists already i can't get to it
samuel, there are 2 choices in this election. you don't get to vote for your imaginary choice, alas.
. there are actually more than 2 choices. there is also , and a bunch of other independents.
thanks for coming to visit it us at !
great group with great questions, thanks for the time!
-i don't care for this woman. no time for a protest vote!
it's a perfect time: the candidates are a racist buffoon &amp; a corrupt warmonger. and it's not just a protest vote.
they don't exist
why would anyone want to waste money on you?
very, very proud i didn't burst into tears on finding out how many students nominated me for teacher of the year for 2016. *thanks*, y'all.
wonderful. congrats! (how many??)
do you have 8 friends who play games? throw a party, serve food and play inheritance.
alternatively, murder one of your friends, then play captain sonar :p
i thought this was someone tweeting at me about grey's again bc there's a character named april
you need a live outside of that show
a big thank you to rolling stone for naming this account one of the top 25 funniest accounts on twitter. it feels great to be recognized.
when i declined the invitation to dox myself they asked for a rec and i couldn't help but think of you
redwood city please
only if it's to move you off the boat
no industry wants to be told to accept lower profits. developers want price levels as high as market will bear.
of course. need better zoning, land use and subsidies to create more affordable housing.
rooney mara to play a pop star in drama 'vox lux' with original music by sia.
excellent actor!
love him too, dude, this doesn't make the pic any less funny tho
going home after work, balotelli jersey going straight on
they don't exist
you dont even play sports
if you feel women are generally incoherent, you lack the communication skills to get consent.
just like everyone has an asshole, everyone also has their own opinion.
okaaaayy well i'm happy with my team, but if you have any other offers lmk
i want marvin from your bench so anyone you interested in on my bench?
. there are actually more than 2 choices. there is also , and a bunch of other independents.
both of whom are worse choices than clinton, and yes, i've looked. thanks.
bad news guys... just got off the phone with mr. worldrecord and he says that i'm just not a rad enough dude
aww dont take it so hard...you are clearly the best at sucking ;)
attention, everyone who went gaga for rainbow highlighter: wet n wild is launching one for $5. via
l will literally never use this but boy oh boy am i gonna buy it!!!!!!!!
not too late to turn it around. can't wait to see the bird celebrate!
that's right...just need a little !!
were going to be needing up to date tees from you when we open, too!!!
let's do this!!
you are an idiot.
i second that!
cancelled another event today? sure hope the demonic parasite she made a blood pact with in return for unlimited power is doing ok
"demonic parasite" i like that. i'll use it
comics and coffee? two of my favorite things!
we'll have to swap favorites!
that dey know remix was fire back in the day
facts bruhh nigga had luda plies jeezy and wayne on the remix every song he made in 08 was fire af
i don't know about all that. honestly don't recall
well, brush up. kinda important. the man killed two people. ran illegal businesses with mafia. smarten up.
if you're 22, love yoga and think trump is disgusting &amp; dangerous, a vote for stein is a vote for hate.
wrong, and that doesn't describe most stein voters.
jared looking cuddly is so important to me
i really want those sneakers!!!!!
i seen another sellout to his people just my opinion
if this is wrong, can't be right for black comedians, rappers, etc to use the word in public settings though.
thank you i am a big fan of &amp; now hooked on the moisturizing mask!
our pleasure - we're so happy to hear that! enjoy
support clinton but don't feel smug about being a good liberal. you're choosing clinton's bombs over trump's bans.
glad you wrote this
don king: "every white woman in american should vote for trump." if anybody knows about women's safety, its mike tyson's former manager.
let us not forget convicted of 2nd degree murder himself.
ummm... you know there's nonverbal consent right?
drunk women can spread their legs in order to non-verbally consent.
anthony weiner reportedly had an online relationship with a 15-year-old girl:
how horrifying and sleazy
i feel like i am the one guy that never has problems with delta
i usually don't. fly them all the time, have a ton of miles. this is an atypical experience
nothing warms my heart like being warned that the plate is hot.
great use of location tag
obama jabs trump over wall at u.n. (failing to mention usa helps fund walls in iraq, mexico, and jordan)...
shut up obama you are done - leaving behind a shit trail for a legacy- thanks for nothing
i do try to "game" my morning basal hr measurement with breathing exercises, so ya...
hah, i love the oxymoron of "competing for the lowest stress level"
i'm going to dm u
if you're open tmrw ~2:18pm-3pm i have a safe space for u to peacefully bask in james spader's glory...
for your opposition to transit?
and because he's been friends with the career political operatives on it's board since college.
animals have no time for sugar coating, its hard to see this abuse &amp; see just how little ppl care
i know but then u backtrack when people come at you playing the victim.. u have to expect it
lebanon hosts between 5-10% of the global refugee population. more resettlement places are needed
if trump wins110,000 suffering syrian refugees scheduled 2 come 2 us will b forced 2 wait for years
i think it's an internal battle between ur mind and the demon for control
so....where do they battle
i will leave it to u to conclude
thanks. frankly, i am willing to discuss specifics but hard to rebut global statements!
oh then that totally fixes everything. can't wait for your inside feature where you glam up kim davis in ballgowns
my views on him are evident. you posted the link to them yourself.
every student should be able to graduate from college without taking on any debt.
this exactly the way to get people better jobs. this is investing in human capital.
i'm rereading the manga bye
i wanted to reread it when i actually owned all the volumes but its like 30 books and i desperately want to revisit it again i miss them all
trilogy is my favorite album tho.
beauty behind the madness is mine
don't be fooled, the money has to come from somewhere, it will come from the american taxpayer
i'd rather my taxes paid for education than racism, war and lg. paintings of a narcissist.
i don't know about all that. honestly don't recall
something something uneducated voters love trump.
i was all but set to vote for stein, but when i learned she was wishy-washy on the efficacy of vaccines, i backed out.
she's not wishy-washy on the efficacy of vaccines. she's decidedly pro-vaccine:
i hate all of you and everything
added to my lewd sounds playlist.
can we talk about this? this is an actual exchange with a presidential nominee
other than its absurdity - what does sports have to do with this? - pretty sure he referenced general patton ...
this week in we learn that we need serotonin to have successful siestas. see this and other findings...
that's a really pretty cover!
lmao when i'm seeing you tho? you free this friday? link!
yeah fri im def out 100% we can do that..got lots of complimemts to unleash ya way and make u shy again
how bout my college roommate's men's league hockey team's backup goalie is anthony weiner.
something tells me if he gets into a game, he is going to get run big time.
yeah. mommy brung her home for me 2 weeks ago. can't wait til she's a growed up
dats so nice hazel! momma brwought home twinkle &amp; kessie 4 me! we play fite like bandits and cuddle like angels!
all i wanna do is go to big skate parks in nyc and flirt w messy lookin skater boys. i just wanna go to coffee shops on carmine or 6th ave
skate kids from ny are pure evil please do not inflict this pain on ur self
so you're so saying that you're moving to the sun where you've belong for the past 75 years?!?!
you're dead to me
then don't fuck any women at all! remember guideline ? if in doubt re: consent, don't fuck!
i don't know anything about "in doubt". i never implied there'd ever be "doubt" if she is drunk.
i mock/despise those whose precious principles are more importantly than reality of trump impact on minorities
morality is more than just than 1 issue voting 3rd party when u know the damage trump will do is immoral
is there a full video of this?
i'm not sure, i found it on vine /:
"...kills hillary brown, who is attempting to rob one of king's gambling houses." is that it?
and he beat a man to death with a gun in the middle of the street. he was convicted. is that not enough?
nah i know parenthood is the shit to a lot of people, y'all included. not my cup of tea tho.
kevin did you every try this tea tho
idk man... i live in a democratic state &amp; talk to ppl all the time. only a few that plan to vote for hrc, all females &gt; 50.
i wasn't talking about hrc?
so if yall hit us it's alright?
no. i'm saying the exact opposite.
so everyone who owns a car and a house gets subsidized parking? lol, and cars aren't literally left on the street?
i pay property taxes thru rent to landlord. and i pay more in city taxes than you. where's my free parking spot then?
feminist theorists are perplexed that heterosexuality still exists because they believe it is socially constructed,...
may be that women's studies attracts more sexually-fluid people, who then assume their experience is the norm
nah i know parenthood is the shit to a lot of people, y'all included. not my cup of tea tho.
kevin did u ever try this tea tho
i'm very defensive with him. always rising, usually recalled, sometimes wanna see a trick.
i was consider wings of darkness in nb but doubt he even needs it?
"...kills hillary brown, who is attempting to rob one of king's gambling houses." is that it?
trump let him speak, would you let him in your house even? lol
hillary killed innocent americans in benghazi, but i don't see anyone saying shit about that.
do you have information that the witch hunting gop didn't? you should probably share that with them.
i didn't think about that; you're not wrong; just think it's increasingly silly since he's so long out of gov't.
we're talking about a 15-year-old. he deserves jail time. i'd be upset if the media didn't cover.
although my words may seem harsh, that's often what it takes for individuals to see
noones going to entertain the thought if u shove down their throats..let them want to "try it"
if you can't tell the difference between a woman who is extremely intoxicated &amp; one who isn't,
"extremely intoxicated" is subjective. as is "not extremely intoxicated".
i really have no girl friends to go to new york with me this sunday. wah
put fire under they ass to go
great meeting at the booth just now!
. it was really nice to meet you! thanks for the advice and info.
it finally happened. i read a take so hot that the glow burned my retinas. i am blind.
trump will relax tensions with russia by taking putin's phallus lovingly into his mouth, who can argue with the methods
pretty even overall, the tie breaker honestly is personal preference. i personally would rather have arob, but not...
feel the same i have arob in one league already so not really sure i want all eggs in his basket
need a piece of fruit by end of today or i might die
here's hoping all fruit in 70mile radius disintegrates
colangelo denies aggressively shopping noel, okafor via
guessing he also denied the existence of global warming....oh wait
i was joking please don't loot or riot over a joke
i don't get this joke either, are u insinuating black ppl loot and riot when we're upset?
i think the alumni need more especially the recently graduated ones right
you can visit or email alumni.edu for all the fall upcoming events.
then don't fuck any women at all! remember guideline ? if in doubt re: consent, don't fuck!
guidelines for whom?
affirmative action for entertainment? how about the best man gets the job?
you're telling me household latino comedians like george lopez or wouldn't be best men for the job?
new video: the shocking truth about hillary's october surprise -
i put nothing past the clinton machine! absolutely nothing!
this is normal. this is everyday this is accepted this is expected this is the real police procedure. not the crap in the manual.
just googling"police slang"tells you what's usual,such as"testilying." btw,obv you know good cops,me too.but they know this.
jamaican model . his physique is perfect
this jamsica model i like so,please contact to me now
don't you know girls are the prettiest when they smile lol
aww schucks
that reminds me...if you have any cake just laying around don't hesitate to pack it.
just made your fresh batch of blueberry dough
for her to group terrence and keith together is inexcusable! completely different scenarios.
they both died by the hand of the police that's the scenario. period. police and community must get closer.
"...kills hillary brown, who is attempting to rob one of king's gambling houses." is that it?
is that it? you guys, just wow, amazing.
jihadists are definitely getting dumber, the only new trick they have learned is false flags but they are so stupid...
50 years of inbreeding
you weren't saying that back in 08 when he endorsed obama were you?
anyone can "endorse" anybody. being an actual campaign surrogate is different. you'd know this if you had common sense.
lemme just net this out: apple has like $200b in the couch cushions, gonna talk with a lot of folks about vehicles...
especially if (like mclaren) they can purchase with pre-tax non-us cash, no?
the weeknd new album!
can he feel his face now?
laws which, as i already pointed out, vary by location. hence i gave you handy guidelines.
you have not cited any source that establishes drunk sex as a criminal offense.
rnc has outraised the dnc by $55m this cycle &amp; has a $30m coh advantage. great job by , &amp; team.
yeah, great job backing an ignorant racist.
going to naija around christmas/new year. we outttt
i'm wrapped then after and in the new year definitely
"your storage is full" thanks, apple. i'll go delete some photos of people i love but i feel better knowing i always have the stocks app!
your storage is full = name of my debut album
i pay property taxes thru rent to landlord. and i pay more in city taxes than you. where's my free parking spot then?
and by "you people" you mean your neighbors. i have a family. i walk, ride, bike and even drive too.
maykadeh on : i was in town for work and a local recommended that i dine at this persian restaurant. i'm so h...
yummy. the food looks good too.
i am good. just tired as hell doesn't seem like i can get enough sleep. and we have way to much shit
glad you're feeling good. tired is to be expected with all you've got to do !! is seth ok ?
what about those of us who believe is a thing? jill stein doesn't believe in real science. why vote for a charlatan?
stein believes science is a thing &amp; u havent shown otherwise. hillary believes in harmful fracking:
sources: apple in talks to buy lit motors, a startup that makes a self-balancing motorbike
*tim cook walks onto stage* it's lit fam
it would look like what we have - rich people and foundations a growing source for news
rich people have always controlled news publishing in us &amp; u.k., no?
a limp always helps the bad guy!
wish i'd thought of it sooner...
- where can i buy my 'more bloody homes' badge?
bloody difficult woman!
happily, your blatant misogyny does not change the laws against raping intoxicated people!
i never said anything about "raping intoxicated people". i wasn't even talking about rape.
heavy whipping cream with brown sugar for pegging pain
good to know
quit your job. you'll respect yourself in the morning. i promise.
that woman has no shame!
you must be feeling inspired on the way to the office.
yes, but i can't quite put the finger on it.
i could care less who spoke for barry or any of his minions for that matter. dum dum is a disaster!
lol figures. just say it, obama wouldn't let that waste on stage. period. it's called class.
ugh the view..show us documentation of your claims....the view is one sided ...dim view..loud talk doesn't make it true..document sources
oh the view is so completely bias &amp; closed minded it's. bunch gated community has beens telling americans how they shld live!
you guys need to quit college and come live with me.
you know i still live in lindy right
blasphemer!
which one of us?
does anyone care about this?
not enough people!
today i am 52. my eldest sister is exactly 60. my second eldest sister is exactly 59. all 3 born on the same day. my parents did new year
happy birthdays!
both of whom are worse choices than clinton, and yes, i've looked. thanks.
. that clinton is the lesser of two evils is what the mainstream media (timewarner is also a donor btw) wants you to believe.
we pay gasoline taxes and property taxes. you people leave bikes all over the street
citibike has greatly enhanced my family's ability to get around brooklyn and cheaply. much less uber since we got them
yea kinda foul but he was forced to do it
i guess lolll... anymore recommendations? i know you virgos are the movie buffs
i rwad your article about inner hate coming out. excellent!
thank you! that's a throwback.
just tried to play all the ff songs for the show in hollywood next month. anyone know how to play/sing these songs? may need you to sit in..
i can sing all of them but i'll too busy be crying on the floor
such bullshit. gonna get one last ride in before it closes?
heading in october~!
i never said anything about "raping intoxicated people". i wasn't even talking about rape.
also, drunk women are not "intoxicated". drunk women consent.
forgive him lord, he knows not what he does!
lol one thing is to oppose his policies. another to blatantly lie about his record.
lmaoooo it's still a great song
fr bro, lmk when you're in town we'll hang out
that's you when you fall
hella disrespected me in front of all my peers dude smh.
thank you for joining us today!
looking forward to participating in tec edmonton health accelerator summit panel this afternoon...
citibike has greatly enhanced my family's ability to get around brooklyn and cheaply. much less uber since we got them
and all u care about is free parking which is so precious and valuable we give it away for free
yes, although not sure that tax burden is top of their list to worry about tbh.
sure, just icing on the cake.
hi there, you cannot leave a review after 14 days but your host can ask you to provide a reference for their account
it's not fair that he reviewed me and i can't do that to him. i want to review a customer, why is so difficult?
so when a woman forces your penis inside of them it's not considered as them raping you under law
i don't know what "when a woman forces your penis inside of them" means.
parenthood? yes. this is us, no, because it's like 12 hours old.
i was talking parenthood. last i had spoken to you you'd never watched parenthood so i was checking
i could care less who spoke for barry or any of his minions for that matter. dum dum is a disaster!
all live matter? he's a murderer. it's ok to like trump and still be critical of him.
why weren't you with eric today? i like when your there to keep him grounded.
it was his day with his woman - weeks ago i told howard of them sleeping together and i provided staff w/ all pertinent info,
why am i not flying to arizona for 8123 fest
come to colorado with me
may will undoubtedly go for a hard brexit
you assume uk will be poorer. yet all the initial doom and gloom forecasts of brexit were completely wrong, sooo...
krugman in 2010: peak oil has "arrived." latest west texas discovery: 2 billion barrels:
why not tag ? shame is powerful.
maybe a figment of bernanke's wealth effecting imagination (even though we all know its about manag...
it's an equal opportunity bubble spread across all asset classes.
left lots of room in my suitcase to bring home souvenirs and stuff from the con. wait, can you pack tacos?
you think the tsa will let you back in w/ tacos fr across the border?
rt : no. we call them gay.
i've never done that lol
lol these annoying boys next to me keep tripping over my backpack and i'm just laughing so hard
but also don't touch my stuff with your gross ass skin
that drake and able reunion better be glorious
pnd or quintin gonna write some heat for frizzy i'm sure
"when did my life become a series of countdowns?" this song is
just scored 's 10th-anniversary film! we're big fans &lt;3
tinder is compatible with ios 10 don't worry
what're you trying to say!?
agree 100%- but wld rather see a "blm" tweet &amp; no convos today -ppl making time to be on front lines, not twitter.
i see that, absolutely. i do think both can happen, but i can see that pov clearly too. let's keep working.
no it was redefined in 2013. it's still inadequate as the penetrator is still seen as the perp
"redefined" according to whom? in what capacity?
that will open ways to party members getting rid of "for life leaders"
let's hope so it brings reform to other parties as well
wrong, it's a vote for stein, against hillary &amp; trump, and for neither. we were never going to vote for warmonger hillary
obviously you know nothing about the electoral college
i have the house to myself this weekend so lmk
oh damn tu at cats i'm there
dirtiest player in the history of the game.
he or hines ward?
- great piece...your song ~ "september"..i hope we don't see u2 "october" via
many thanks!
keep supporting them instead of wrestlers with talent
i mean come on wwe is plugging a cereal for $12,99
my team qb flacco, dak rb mccoy, ingram, williams, gore, langford wr julio, evans, maclin, gordon, enuwa te walker who is cuttable?
are any of these players cuttable in a 12 team standard league? rawls was just dropped..
those size 16 hats are insane
they use to belong to bruce bochy but he out grew them
is it really necessary to spend next 6 months pointing out that "criticism of clinton" "support for trump"? just get a different tactic.
i wish i could pin this to my profile.
and all u care about is free parking which is so precious and valuable we give it away for free
we should at least have resident street parking permits. at least 10% are out of state plates in park slope.
insanely difficult to be funny when there's innocent, unarmed people getting murdered by police officers because of their race.
it's ok, you were never that funny...
you suggested the absence of a silent majority, most directly relevant to the upcoming election. hrc is the democratic candidate...
point still stands; mmaj was used as a pejorative against proggs to indicate they were others/unamerican; 1/2
the truth sure does upset you, doesn't it? you folks should just accept that you're terrible bigots, you'll never get better.
you look just like trump. anyone ever tell you that? you an make a killing being an impersonator.
somewhere out there jennifer aniston is like...
i can give 2 s**** less about hlywd breakups but this is great! i hope angie baby is wallowing in heartbreak!
his base is 40. his base doesn't care, so he just runs out clock on this and taxes. but at election time he will st...
there are way too many stupid people in this country
. "bravura" is an adjective? or is the novel about bravura?
mwahaha they changed it
there is a reason hillary's "top aide", a plant choose to marry sex addict, anthony weiner.
yeah, as if any normal guy would marry some muslim broad.
no it was redefined in 2013. it's still inadequate as the penetrator is still seen as the perp
a perpetrator logically must possess a penis if said perp is committing the act of rape.
point still stands, you only hated don when he supported trump. if he didn't, you'd have no problem with him.
no, your point doesn't stand. i just explained why to you. you're just too dim to have the obvious register.
q5: does your child's school or daycare have a plan if a disaster happens during their care?
a5 yes they absolutely do and they practice emergency release drills during the year
you suggested the absence of a silent majority, most directly relevant to the upcoming election. hrc is the democratic candidate...
obvi given potus's approval rating, that concept is bunk; it always was, but we have even more proof of it now.
yeah, democrats truly care how they win
i can't believe you're defending this prick.
greens are not democrats. go find your own voters.
spoken like a true arrogant hillbot. hillary doesnt own progressive voters. she told them to fuck off when she hired wassrman
omgggggg wat next!!!
always something
hey nyc!! tomorrow will be madison store 3.30pm come say hi! first 20 in line join me in photo booth, che...
don't worry my luck i'll be the last on line
what the headphone jack and mclaren tells us about the new direction of apple
i would like to subscribe to your newsletter.
sorry, not sure what you mean...
no worries, there's a bunch of new twitter features/bugs, just trying to figure out what's going on.
thinking about those lovely summer days!
love the hat. very elegant looking.
"trump, you said 'let's see what happens.' you meant: shoot her. you meant kill. you meant assassinate"
great commentary. you nailed it as usual. miss you on msn.
just saying stuff like this falls into line with continual concerns over his maturity
eh if he continues this throughout the season then there's issues. it's still slow offseason.
so is having a show on my birthday &amp; i thought id help him promote it
happy early birthday
once upon a time we ( cuban, bahamian, jamaican, puerto rican, dominican, haitian) were happy and pure we didn't know evil nor malice
no thanks to white people
"my boyfriends a cop." personally i wouldn't bank on jj for protection lol.
herbrothers a cop too and the two of them together still wouldn't make me feel safe
you suggested the absence of a silent majority, most directly relevant to the upcoming election. hrc is the democratic candidate...
re: hrc, i don't have much to say. i'm going to vote for her for the health of the country; she is more hawkish than i am tho.
you, - don't you understand that vi is the path of darkness and anger?
i am darkness and anger incarnate. i *know* we've met, brian
would be very out of character for her to cast a dissenting vote, not to mention the timing for her 1st
optics wouldn't be ideal.
no it was redefined in 2013. it's still inadequate as the penetrator is still seen as the perp
i don't see how a data-collection definition is "inadequate". inadequate to whom?
me + being president &amp; vp of 2 academic orgs but my hair isn't done
i had to make time. i had a migraine and all.
one more pic ofs my magnificence becoz i know yoo has all missed me
so gorgeous!
i hate getting my qb pummeled and sometimes those plays are easily tipped, but they are effective with the right guys, no doubt.
indeed. after years of the slide, qbs going head first is en vogue, another macho thing. stop those, save for the end zone.
chemistry is my shit
maybe cuz you had a really good teacher
think wilf saw the bleacher report one?
once it's on the internet, it'll never be gone
yeah i love this sorry not sorry buddy
see he is just like every other man, grabbing their junk all the time
quick stop on this morning before rehearsal practice
i never knew who u were ... until i opened an saw the accident an read it and i like fast cars
so much love for those vegan chats with !
yes!! so happy to find fellow likeminded people. makes us all seem a little less crazy
seems like a good time to remind people about campaign zero: :
please consider the campaign to
sad news about , but the jennifer aniston supporter in me is like:
i must admit my heart is happy!! take that angie!!
would love to see her on
is one of those who said why do they need her he doesn't believe the list
i don't see how a data-collection definition is "inadequate". inadequate to whom?
why does it matter how data is collected? relevance?
now, now, no need to be rude. my point is that w/ hrc we don't even need to ask; we already know. deal with it.
go away troll. the conversation is about wikileaks. if they have link to russia? you are stupid.
why is it so damn hot out today...
the sun is out
big thanks to and for an early xmas present! maybe it'll help me get organised...
we're excited for you!
there is no case for a hapless, inexperienced, disingenuous, unelectable candidate who isn't even sound on medical issues.
stein is very sound on medical issues. there is no place for a corrupt, incompetent sickly warmonger who might not last a year.
i was gonna come see you tonight but idk now
awww babe i'm trying to help you and trade you a decent running back!
vi is not a sin, it's a penance. (intellij is a sin.)
what does that make my current editor? intellij with the vim plugin...
not speak backed him, endorsed obama
right, and one annoy control who endorses who. it's called class
awesome.. what did you win? how do they send the prize?
i won a barbie i am putting it away for christmas for my youngest, they send it in the mail.
we should at least have resident street parking permits. at least 10% are out of state plates in park slope.
you should want my last suggestion. would free up some parking spaces and crack down on insurance fraud.
cracks in the wall of gop's "law &amp; order" candidate.
then, there's the trump university case which he managed to have pushed back until after the election. grrr!
saying you should tell racist lies all the time isn't "political correctness."
trump spreads lies the way terrorists plant bombs: 1 goes off, &amp; when the 1st responders rush in, there's a 2nd or even a 3rd
who tf want this prod. by
need to kill this
i'm saving myself cuz all these niggaz aintshit.
that was lightweight my first thought, but i'm trying to be changed.
are you even reading my tweets anymore lol
i make it my goal to ignore ignorance
wtf is that
a new style boot i guess
thanks so much for your support &amp; encouragement!
you're welcome!
wow this shit i open to twitter too, lmfao
omg someone's on my twitter hahaha fuck
i think of jazz (good jazz) as acoustic idm. it makes way more sense that way.
that's the nerdiest thing i ever heard in my life (which i say with a healthy mix of derision and respect for nerddom)
v8.0 starts downloading tonight. release will be gradual to make sure there aren't small regressions. many car configs, many environments.
possible mine already dropped? model x prompted me to download the update this am (which i did), haven't looked @ the car since.
not speak backed him, endorsed obama
you do need a change, a diaper change.
don king you are an embarrassment and a disgrace to every melenated person that has ever walked the earth!
don k has been a crook and an embarrassment for a long time. ask iron mike.
wait what happens when they dont pay the full amount?! that's so fucked up wtf
my manager voided it but usually we have to pay
i don't know what "when a woman forces your penis inside of them" means.
logically, the uncircumcised penis would have an erection, so i don't see how she is "forcing" anything.
"as charlotte pondered the problems of an off-white dress, i couldn't imagine any issue with an all white press."
"and as samantha realized he had bust and then ghosted, i had my sights set squarely on ghostbusters."
if they really want to go after tesla, some of the best chassis engineers in the world. in fact, tesla chassis was ex-mclaren people
you know why, won't sell. only a huge misstep by $tsla would change that.
how does nolan not know ryan's favorite color tf
lmao i guess i need to know that tho
can we talk about this? this is an actual exchange with a presidential nominee
ps, trump wins at sports? the new jersey generals, usfl and nfl would like to have a word.
massive. forumla e race in redhook! how many magnums should we get?
oh it's lit
cause you yeeeted it and i died and i know if i was with you we wouldve laughed for hours
lol we for sure would have.
honored to be named a friend of the farm bureau! farmers are a cornerstone of our economy!
farmers must really be thrilled about .. eh? and gmo .. how fucked up is our government to let it happen !!!
aight! don't forget. you heard of trap karaoke? dolla wanted to hit that up on friday night
heard of it but im not built like yall to get twisted in the evening hours..u guys hittin it up?
girl i'm boutta text you about my birthday
bet bet i'll be waiting lol
influential german philosopher arthur schopenhauer died in 1860
yes, but the death of the individual is an illusion
who's matt?
no literally your entire timeline is just politics do you really have nothing else going on?
only for 30min
30 min w you?
condolensces to bob fitzgerald and his family. via
awful, prayers and best wishes.
bad news guys... just got off the phone with mr. worldrecord and he says that i'm just not a rad enough dude
i think you're pretty rad
my awesome coworker made us richard butte pins!
lol! my pleasure! don't worry we won't mess up your button press!
this is photo of rahami family backyard. it looks like a scorch mark in grass. feds say rahami tested bombs - maybe...
hey jess is this your photo or did you get it from someone?
i had the best fricken sleep ever like seriously nothing can ruin my day today
you have to read 30 pages for 1c
so my photographer friend wins the getty images instagram grant for his work on jharia coal mines. what a proud moment.
congrats to 'photographer friend'! saw the photographs, each frame is a story in itself, thoughtfully clicked questions!!
and finally
fashion. inevitable.
xcode is literally gibberish to me and i have no idea what i'm doing, but i'm having fun, so idc
fun+learning+coding equals good time
nah i was actually talking bout when you fell last night
wow lmfaoooo yooooo im crying right now
it is on you to always get consent for sex you are seeking. thus it's on you to notice.
that's why it helps to get a woman drunk before obtaining consent for sex.
have a great premire mate! all the best!
thank you !! will try not to forearm smash the kurwenal this time...
here it is - the team to face northampton in the ...
my boys and !!!
watch: bill clinton's speaking fees overlap with project in haiti
more dishonesty!
will a vote in 2016 lead to a world in 2017? the evidence is mounting at...
no it won't. you are spending millions on useless pac. sad!
i prefer my candidates to believe in science.
stein believes in science. hillary, however, believes in fracking, cluster bombs &amp; questioned vaccines:
just walked past an office where there were 8 people circled around a whiteboard that just had "25 dogs" written on it
team offsite planning
they have miami ,fl ranked in the ap poll.
woohoo!!! rocks!
badminton time!
shroppy is ready for a new adventure!
these are your children these are your children on fox news any questions?
"you can never truly be free, until you can sell yourself into slavery" is honestly something i heard in college
yea. clearly skipped over the history of blacks in the u.s. from 1619 to 1970. geez this comment i...
do we need anymore proof that he's cares nothing about facts?
heading to loch ness tonight for a sunset boat trip. crossing my fingers for a nessie sighting! :) i need to cross that off my bucket list!
i tossed some bread crumbs in the lake when i was there. no dice. maybe try bacon?
i receive a "new customer" account offer from at&amp;t pretty much weekly. the kicker? i've been an at&amp;t customer for ~6 years.
i get stuff about my bill from att and have not been a customer for several years
ummmmm.....thanks??????
definitely a compliment! if not, i would said "for an msu guy!" ;) seriously though, good job!
what does that have to do with anything? wall street has donated millions of dollars for her speeches/campaign
hillary is worth the money,she doesn't need to use her foundation to spend money,trump is broke.took$$fr9/11fund.
tell em it's free shots for the bitches
nah none of that
morici: why donald trump remains a long shot - breitbart
i disagree trump definitely learning &amp; modifying..the wall isn't a trade issue its a security issue.educated women see choices.
just acqui-hire segway, bring in dean kamen to run the motor division, and call it a day.
would be all about that.
lazy journalism at its finest. if you're not from here do some research before writing inaccuracies.
yeah! are you even from philly, max? sad!
i just hate that they take up a spot from someone when they've already had a successful career. but the voice loves its gimmicks.
see, i just see it as people coming from different places. if it were all 2nd-chancers, no. but a mix is ok. just not all kids.
if they really want to go after tesla, some of the best chassis engineers in the world. in fact, tesla chassis was ex-mclaren people
oh you mean mclaren for chassis eng, price tag would be insane if only for that. unless mclaren split its business?
. reportedly readying her answers for two trumps at upcoming debate
let's hope it's not too hot under those lights, otherwise she'll faint...
this dr sebi diet is no joke i'm going to turn into a plant
i'm struggling with it, seems like i'm working with 6 ingredients
is there a good resource on hll error rates? trying to understand what impala docs could mean....
see the error method here: (and the comment). guess they don't say the size of the hll.
obviously you know nothing about the electoral college
obviously you don't, since you can't show how it disputes my correct argument. nice try.
q6: have you discussed with your children how they can also be prepared during a disaster? do the .
a6 yes we have talked about it a number of times, my oldest has most concern for our pets.
loved making those old comics.
and kotor comics are so fun to make! made this one earlier this year:
are there any cities looking into autonomous ride sharing as public infrastructure instead of letting private co's have the market?
some city in colorado (boulder?) recently experimented with using lyft for "last mile" transit.
one thing i love about it my college is that they're always giving free banging ass food
but i wanna eat healthy so while people are eating bbq chicken, cheese burgers, hot dogs, soul food i'm eating watermelon
"i made this setup!" "does it beat dps?" "well...no" "not worth it" .....
i mean if i can just dp out, i don't care about them setups.
both of whom are worse choices than clinton, and yes, i've looked. thanks.
. she's corrupt. i recommend you to read this:
might be hard to ignore yourself then?
like i said you will be just like all the others kissing ass when she comes back
*no army can withstand the power of an idea whose time has come. our challenge is to look forward, t...
*i noticed, those who claim everything is predestined, &amp; we can do nothing to change it, look before...
"he admits to being a nurturer, perhaps even with a bit of a christ complex." ... "responsibilities!"
not my story, chris.
i'm nopt defending him. i'm pointing out that many of the things you say about trump/gop can be said ab hrc/dems. have the
the degree of difference b/w the two is so large. i mean, you're white and lice are white, but that doesn't make u lice.
it is on you to always get consent for sex you are seeking. thus it's on you to notice.
who said that a man "didn't notice" consent? if consent is present, then it's a moot point.
q6: have you discussed with your children how they can also be prepared during a disaster? do the .
a6 we tell her to get herself out first, the animals know what to do
someone please give me context on the skittles thing
overall: trayvon martin had skittles. fuckers think that's funny :(
a thing i've said:
yeah, i literally call it "hot plate mexican"
pakistan wants peace with india, says pm at general assembly
this is what we always says.. want peace with india, with afghanistan... but in return they bark at us in harsh way
would love to see her on
so would every wrestling fan
"why should we hire you over another potential employee"
why he look like you
after three years i've decided to leave google. i'm excited to announce i'm joining the awesome folks over at !
... i think i still remember how to write javascript.
that's about the dumbest anti-trump argument i've ever heard.
ben,you've been in the desert too long.come back to the flock.i have an ice cold glass of kool aid for u.it's on the trump train
it's pretty sad when wikileaks and reddit are better at investigating than the fbi.
three cheers for katica
i likeeeeee marv tho your bench isn't popping out to me. yeah
we play each other this week too lol
that's why it helps to get a woman drunk before obtaining consent for sex.
because a drunk woman is more likely to consent to sex.
considering hillary has defended paedophiles in court before, one being in her camp isn't really surprising.
yuck. just yuck. shame on you
omc this is epic! ": just in case you were wondering what it's like to wake up next to me.
a tiger is landing on you!
"you can never truly be free, until you can sell yourself into slavery" is honestly something i heard in college
yeah, the kid was serious about repealing the 13th amendment. 20 years later we have the alt-right &amp; dark enlightnmnt
this backpack is my go-to bag for wherever the day takes me!
i see little isaiah with mommy. little toys guns in backpack
what happened to him!?
he got sentenced today.
reason why it be eggplant fest
there be bitches u just hung around the eggplants on the deck.
you sure are dumb and angry. it's going to get much worse until november. then much much worse. :)
i'm not angry. why would i be angry. you deplorables amuse me. like how the spice girls got their name. cute even.
panegron: rt thomasbernpaine: **sources unnamed** #...
this is alarming!
my boss half seriously suggested i could work remotely full time and now i can't stop thinking about working my sf job from the adirondacks
let's open a co-working space in saratoga springs
intellectual honesty to admit that and maybe i'll take your incessant, daily rants seriously. we get the point: you hate trump.
and i'll keep hammering that point. and stop following me if you don't like it. this is about america's soul. it's not an election.
bernie lost and now supports hillary. he does so because trump is a scamming polluting plutocrat. deal with it wit...
unlike hillary voters, we sanders supporters arent cultists who obey our candidats command. &amp; he lost because of dnc rigging
didn't think it was possible for anything to make me angrier than the orange one running for pres but then i met tamper resistant outlets
they are definitely tamper resistant. this is because they are plug resistant.
it's the podcaster. very good for the $. portable, and connects w/ usb so i'd recommend it
nice! i'd be curious compare quality. i have an audio technica at2020 with usb.
thank you - a brand that cares. the new flagship phantom is launching soon, and yours truly got it!
gossy show us the way now.
who said that a man "didn't notice" consent? if consent is present, then it's a moot point.
if she did consent, why does it matter whether he "noticed" or not?
it's at night tho... like go home shower and head back out type vibes
ill do my research i think my guy low does that event..
no one wants to be your friendship diversity hire! don't be fucking weird!
ok but what if youre mixed and the other person is mixed and that's part of the attraction and u got married?
i know i'm sooo nice
yes, yes u r.
they are definitely tamper resistant. this is because they are plug resistant.
it is impossible to tamper with something that does not function.
need more storage? get up to 20% off mobile memory, usb drives, card readers &amp; more for ios &amp; androids! limited...
see mobile memory at leefco. ~ storage + battery life unite ship
we are coming!
my life is complete
i dig the body work being shown here.
"nice body shot to the body"
sinful. the c of e accepts all editors which are not proprietary, though obvs there is only one path to true enlightenment.
i know it's less than ideal - though not truly apostate - but intellij is apache 2...
us trade mission: day 6: , we kicked the day off at the chelsea headquarters of !more here:
great blog!
so my photographer friend wins the getty images instagram grant for his work on jharia coal mines. what a proud moment.
congrats to 'photographer friend'! saw the photographs, each frame is a story in itself, thoughtfully clicked dialogues!!
yes. thought it was &lt; $2b. got a whole bunch of cash in the eu they need to spend.
ahhhh tax evasion which means free money. that's why you're bd and i'm not :)
hi! my team won a hackathon in stamford ct last weekend using blippar, source here: blippar rocks!
congrats on winning the hackathon!!!
the internship program pays $1,000 a week! that why 3,000 apply. but students get in!
*part of why* also because it's the !
if she did consent, why does it matter whether he "noticed" or not?
if she did consent, &amp; he did notice, then fine. if she did consent, &amp; he didn't notice, so what?
point me to the direction of mac and cheese that's way better than this tysm
okay put me in a kitchen then . jk but i have a couple places that i can think of
where can i get that coat tho?
beautiful right? we gotta go upstate and look
do u got sum extra headphones even if they broke
lmao i have some you can borrow that work lol
i dont want to talk about this video anymore -- watch what it's like to fly in a $21,000 first class plane seat
more comments than you thought you would get?
if you had more time to level up in any aspect of game development, what would it be?
graphic design
top issue diving your vote at this point:
supreme court must be a priority for constitutionality.
mook did the right thing by not answering. was hoping he'd say something wrong.
when kellyanne says "ask my candidate" you guys give her a pass. what a doublestandard
bernie lost and now supports hillary. he does so because trump is a scamming polluting plutocrat. deal with it wit...
and sanders is a corrupt incompetent sickly warmonger. not voting for her is dealing with that with pragmatic intelligence.
......*sighs* whitegayze
they're a publication that charges $20/yr for a subscription. they're desperate for any attention they can get.
remember both parties hate him dysfunction is all he can do.hrc wants to start wars that's why bkristol and the rest support her
were you a bernie supporter? are you still a bernie supporter?
to receive a love letter at an age well over 27, one that stops the heart and sends the blood rushing, this is no small thing
who sent one to you?
how did i miss with leaf coneybear/waldo homage.
i didn't even think of leaf! that's funny
dare i say it, i've received an early christmas present to help me plan my upcoming campaigns. cheers
who doesn't love presents?
they don't support that why would they? they rescue hundreds of animals a year, care for their animals and teach
then why are they associated with ?
i never said anyone had to stand for national anthem!! check your fax
sorry i felt like it was implied lol
i just don't understand ppl supporting him. i watched last nite &amp; that helped explain it.
i missed it last night. i still don't understand why people have no interest in his taxes! :(
weekend update is going to be real math heavy this year, huh?
outsourcing most of the writing to various wikipedia pages.
is deleting an email the same as deleting footage of a killing. enjoy your false equivalences elsewhere champ.
i guess american soldiers were killed
fun fact! is an actual real life angel sent from the heavens
i love u and i miss u so much
pretty sure i have a thing for beards
i got the best one
if you could be comfortable with yourself and your work, then art wouldn't have to be as much of a struggle
being comfortable isn't a prerequisite to art. and i dunno. i've waited too long waiting to be comfortable
this the first time you actually tweeting facts on the tl
i'm always tweeting facts, you're just a casual that can't see that
i literally walked into my home with a $10 bag of ham saying i got a pound bc everytime we get half its gone within a fucking day
i can't fucking handle this
noticing in macos sierra there's a gentle bit of resistance around screen edges and window borders when moving around windows, which i love.
omg i remember seeing the feature proposal for that but i forgot to actually try it out. that's really nice :d
unlike buggi &amp; lulu running around in the garden, polly is happy to lie in. she's a little sloth
polly knows how to relax!
- go bestfriend !!! you can't move thoo :(, i'm going to miss you hella and i'm glad i got close with your dumb ass
go bestfriend that's my bestfriend imma miss your dumbasss toooo friday's my last day so better make plans with me
if your eyes pop out when you watch a ghastly ghost film, you're probably a horror fan!
that gina davis is quite the looker!
this barely ranks compared to the stuff kobe, shaq and phil used to openly say about each other
then again those guys had way more clout
lemiuex, murray called him out. he fought them. danny jacobs called him out. he's trying to make that fight.
vane is just trollin
just a little info. "clinton cash" the official movie!
lol i've watched that right wing propaganda. doesn't change obama's record. &amp; i'm still voting against
interesting choice of band mates.
the aspak is dead, long live the aspak
youn better shake his hand weak obama, thats the only country that has r back is israel !
fuck israel.
in the brain! duh
sounds like a quick way to get a tumor lol
city xi vs. swansea: caballero, zabaleta, kompany, stones, clichy, fernando, garcia, navas, angelino, sane, iheanacho
wait. where the hell is angelino gonna play? in david's role?
i can't take someone seriously who forecasts the death of woman based on gop propaganda. you have a lot to learn.
she never did that, and you haven't shown she has. so, you surely have lots to learn.
for the fed meeting i am long bullshit and short truth. i am going to kill it.
sounds like a good pair's trade. what exchanges are those etfs on?
shoot it
so wassssup
took bart in to work today, it wasn't the doom and gloom everyone made it out to be. didnt even make body contact with the people next to me
mornings aren't too bad... mostly mostly spread out. it's the 5pm commute home which is rough.
not to win the title
how do u know rhyno is tag champion
how is this ok??? corey lewandowski continues to be paid by donald
- i actually think knows this but is looking for a "news edge" with an "insider" and does not care
better i didn't see . how was last night there?? was a deal??
yes. very good episode. food &amp; food trucks. you'll enjoy it one day.
when speaks at the this thursday 1000s of will gather outside for a to say: bibi! not in our name!
you are a moron
yes, is an "occupying force" being forced to defend the israeli homeland it occupies.
christians do not recognize a "jewish homeland".
did you know it is important to include an out-of-town contact on your child's ice card in case communications are down?
absolutely so important! other family members are crucial!
here's the editor of ---&gt; tell him how you feel.
he (me) is not, actually.
i claim platinum dibs on presentation of the results of this!
"alexa, generate tweets!"
hi! i miss working with ya!!
hey!!! do u still have my number?? text me maybe u can help me on my next film!
i'm so proud of my brother in law for his hard work and dedication for his charity!please support the for !
one of the best charities for kids we have i feel
sen. chris coons: donald trump passed on a meeting with the ukrainian president
gee. i wonder why?
yeah had 19's with 30 series tires and air ride suspension so i could pancake it
yeah they def ain't putting a boot on that shit
christichat: rt kassydillon: that moment when he says "all white cops are fucking devils" but a black cop killed h...
- you point a gun at a policeman - you get shot - end of story - no more bullshit from black lives matter !!
haha the payment plan is lit lets work for sure. give me a bit and i'll exlusively buy 8 or 9. i'll find the ones i like
thank you and it stretches over 6 months
ironic you're advocating trump as freeloaders will be the first in his target (that whole foods $ you scammed won't last forever)
you have me confused with someone else - never have been a freeloader, never collected any type of welfare and never got wh $
california college students call words and phrases like "man up," "crazy" and "stupid" hate speech - watch:
they won't survive 10 minutes once they get into the real world...
not to win the title
all of a sudden you're you know what he's going to do
i am so over this clown. you have no idea. can't imagine the $$ going into this nonsense. he's got to go
stop. i saw your endorsement listed on his website.
here's how the world's worst singer made a career as a musician:
i am so proud of rihanna
this kid owes me 10$ but he's a broke bitch. should i beat his ass or just let it go
it's petty shit and he's legit broke he just disrespectful and unappreciative. so idk if i should let it go or not
magen kelly - so full of herself. a failed actress trying to be relevant. who says 't &amp; a' doesn't equal brains? right, mygen???
kelly is an attorney. she hold of jd degree!! what level of education did you complete? 8th grade!
i wonder that same question
we are externally and internally lacking of tranquility. although i still close my eyes &amp; envision a better world.
insurance companies have one job and can't even help their customers who aren't at fault in a wreck.
insurance companies are greedy and it's disgusting
ironic you're advocating trump as freeloaders will be the first in his target (that whole foods $ you scammed won't last forever)
oh and dummy
sushi dates with my main one.
better take me to that spot lol
a lot of his speeches are just jazzed up ambiguous incitements.
yeah, he's definitely not at the same level of intellect as bin laden, but his propaganda work in the west was so powerful.
to enhance heath slater
a bullet can't even enhance
not the bits that people actually use, from what i've been told. but if you're on the free version, that's of course ok!
i use the commercial edition occasionally too , for the play support. but i feel bad about it when i launch it.
sorry was just listening to bieber....did you say something about how many great tracks are out now a days?
you might be listening to the same song over and over without realizing it...hard to tell
*wheat* is going on here??
these r some swheat puns.
.'s is proud to announce free membership w/ . come run with us! ...
great post! great job! nice going!
what racism do you think your tax dollars would be paying for?
google make rochester great again, these are the deplorables, or maybe poison skittles in the basket of trumpies.
yeah idk why it's not talked about??
here's an article
extreme third-party vaccine deniers siphoning votes from dems will elect trump. stein is as bad as those on the far right
since a vote for stein is also a vote against trump, it's siphoning votes away from trump to help hillary, fool.
i'm sure people have
haha i don't think so
gary calls the 6 degrees of separation the 6 degrees of kevin bacon and i have no idea why
france is bacon
yeah, he's definitely not at the same level of intellect as bin laden, but his propaganda work in the west was so powerful.
still is so powerful. he made joining aq seem very hip and the thing to do.
imagine using war as a legit "stat"? scary
the people living in their parents basements still think war is a relevant stat?
thats just not true
he told me to lie.
has anyone told trump about the treaty of westphalia?
i feel like if they did, he'd just go "so many restrictions on ham. sad!"
you're both forgetting pixels
in that case put jack and jill on the list
here's to a very merry christmas and some great work with - not sure of my santa selfie though!!
we think your is on point!
this girl behind me keeps gnawing on her gum w her mouth open &amp; popping it, im about to choke a bitch
i turned around and looked at her and now shes chewing even louder!!!!!!!
tried to explain to this guy how racism and capitalism go hand in hand and of course he says to me "nah i need my money"
this is what's wrong with y'all niggas. y'all don't want change fr. y'all don't wanna go thru discomfort for the greater good
turning 18 doesn't mean anything for me lol except i'm legal and i can go to jail
fuck shit up now fam
remember both parties hate him dysfunction is all he can do.hrc wants to start wars that's why bkristol and the rest support her
the gop does not hate him. ryan will work w him 2 get a tax plan &amp; kristol will bury his "hate" when trump agrees to bomb iran.
thanks for joining us!!
felipe did u meet the currys???
forgive him lord, he knows not what he does!
btw, a "lord" doesn't need to forgive me. imaginary beings in the sky have a tendency to umm not do anything..being imaginary
when we were young is at nineteen peeps!!!! keep it going. woohoooo
rooting for you billy!
i miss that class! i was prepared to be a stepfather
bro like she made that class fun when there was like no political shit going on at all, rn it must be hella wild like erryday
researchers just found a nazi time capsule from 1934 but it was supposed to have a documentary film inside...
got to it first...
government's top priority must be security, which is why will withdraw from the refugee resettlement program.
why don't you just secede from the union? the rest of the country hates you.
would love to hear how you suss out the ones w good content vs those not
no secret sauce yet. reading everything thoroughly. having air gap between when i consume and when i publish. review. edit.
...wc???????
who cares...lol
i have an extra ticket to in nyc!! selling it for face value
is the ticket still available?
shawty lo died. d4l: iconic dey know: one of the best songs of the 00's dey know remix: had all of us in our cool whips, inside jello
on dey know remix lil wayne compares his car's paint job to a white person with blue veins first time i heard i nearly cried at the poetry
then again those guys had way more clout
but none of them had ice in thier veins.
trying to relive allepo, but that was actual candidate flub, not cmp mgr.
exactly. "aleppo" question was targeted to a candidate. mook not a cand.
i can already tell this gaga era is not going to be that successful. i am fairly certain i will enjoy it though.
i'm going to buy the album regardless, but i hope it's better than this damn single.
happy b-day have a good one bro!
thanks! i appreciate it.
if you say so. imo, specific problems with team performance call his approach into fair question.
if jay had spent 4hrs watching film and not playing golf on his day off, they wouldn't have sucked, right?
we've just replied to your dm with more information. thank you.
still hasn't resolved my issue. sent another dm. please review. thank you.
trump in primaries.
that's one example where they were wrong that they have spent much time discussing why they fucked up :-/
heaven could be a lot like my experience tasting bubbly at iron horse, and i would be very happy!
ah. thank you so much for the lovely words.
i wanna fight the best middleweight in the world
and if you don't get the fight with ggg then u gonna say he's duckin u huh?
going from the iphone 6s to the 7+, the best thing so far has been the battery life. no more charging in the middle of the day.
yes! i haven't gone into low power mode yet!
i've bought enough snacks to last armageddon.
i had the snacks for one day and now they r gone
% of hispanic newsroom employees at: - nj herald: 0 - baltimore sun: 1.9 - ny times: 4.5 - wapo: 5.2 asne report:
i thought that % was a # sign at first and was so confused
is it not just for phones incase people bootleg the film?
it's all press and critics. not quite the crowd to do that lol
the latest women entrepreneurs daily! thanks to
you're welcome!
@ wdfx2eu5 he went off on you 3x for that one. must've hit a nerve through his faux thick skin.
yeah, it was impressive. even got a stormfront guy (with a pepe emoji) chiming in with a picture of trump flipping the bird
i can't take someone seriously who forecasts the death of woman based on gop propaganda. you have a lot to learn.
and i ca't vote for a corrupt incompetent sickly warmonger like hillary who questions vaccines:
mr. trump's stupid exuses...always blames president obama for every challenge we should be facing as a united count...
he'd never have guts 2 say any of those things 2 president obama in person he'd panic, just the way he did w/aa woman pastor!
remember when had no idea what the 13 stripes on the american flag represent? colbert in 2008:
he looks so much younger in that clip.
in a shopping mood
me too bud, i've been itching to blow money
yes make it happen wubsy! i would seriously if it came true!
i'll give ac a call later..we are likethis
im stoked u live in san francisco. stay there.
away from racists like you? aight
i dont recall losing
that 30 point gap gave you amnesia bro?
i feel like my mother knows better?? but hopefully we'll never have to test that out.
my mother only knows the business that i tell her and she's the same with me and we're damn good with that.
"you've got to try to emulate and imitate the white man and then you can be successful" said don king. white men like trump. *gag*
...said the morbidly-obese scouring pad.
best wishes to adroll team from and its mascotte :)
ha! best yet!
happy birthday to your mama!! virgos forever!
merry birthday to you and a happy new year of life!!! ur growing up so fast! !
in other news, if i see another major publication name a white cisgender lady as their diversity aficionado i may actually vomit in my hands
we may need to borrow some of your spare ya white tears vats for this bullshit.
you can't spell "craft" without "art"
you are so right i spent all morning artfully swooping colourful paper.
so far the only thing i've learned in spanish is to ask for a maxi pad in 2 countries
that's really all you need to know....
large gotv advantage might add 2-3 points, much of which won't show up in polls.
polling is so weird these days not sure we'll have a clue until election day.
also, drunk women are not "intoxicated". drunk women consent.
if drunk women "are intoxicated", then i think u should ban women from drinking alcohol.
trying to relive allepo, but that was actual candidate flub, not cmp mgr.
joe got pissed because mook did not fall into the trap.
q7: how do you plan to create or improve your family's disaster preparedness plan?
a7 by making sure we have food and water, a first aid kit, and ice cards!
it is rediculous to call someone a sell out cause he doesn't agree with majority of his race..stupid
hate when blacks call other black men "uncle tom" because they don't agree on things.
honored to have my jersey on display at - a place that holds incredible memories. i'm cle...
rad!! so well deserved!
hey jeff, when did you become "deplorable"..just kidding. me too. hillary is despicable however.
i will relax after november 8th
you have no chill
i didn't know lol this chick wore that shit everyday this week
never said that either lol that's why the dudleys came back that's why anyone is being called back right now to enhance
and unlike every one else won't complain ala
reppin the a's at lake merritt
you goin to the game today? i got a ticket sec 123 row 23 for $10
i did!!! are you going to the saturday show?!
yes! yay!!!!! can't wait to see you!!
"i must not anyone see my true identity, for i am darkwing duck"! and keeshshnack (sp?)
i am the terror that flaps in the night!! i am the politician that triples your taxes!! for i am darkwiiiiiing duck
she sorta kinda hates her first name but yah
lmao it breaks my heart to hear that
it's gonna be great! lmk if u need anything
thank you sis! i'm for sure gonna need you
you have not cited any source that establishes drunk sex as a criminal offense.
in the us, drunk sex is not a crime. it's fine to get a woman drunk before sex.
what does that even mean? lol
he's fucking horrible
which one would that be?
i believe it rhymes with hype
fbi agents tell us lynch and hillary struck a deal on that plane omg
of course they did!as of we all thought otherwise! and what happened? nothing! with the clintons,its drip,drip
. she's corrupt. i recommend you to read this:
i commend your idealism, but if you think i haven't read that article and many others, you don't give me enough credit. cheers.
i don't grasp fully what you mean. i approve of sports as good for people. politics of them, well, corruption grows.
investors mixed nationalism/military with sports to increase box office
send us more music!
check your inbox! sent some more your way!
what does that even mean? lol
he hasn't been relevant since nexus
. police shot/killed someone, who lived in an open carry state and who was not a crime suspect. that's how it looks.
the race of the officer isn't relevant. implicit racial bias, militarization, and bad training, are systemic problems.
lol barely moved in and i might have to move again
what happened??
"extremely intoxicated" is subjective. as is "not extremely intoxicated".
also, it depends how u are subjectively defining "intoxication". do you mean she's in a coma?
just turned it over to in time to see a journalist basically say "yeah, we're going to continue to cover this like clueless assholes"
they keep basically saying trump is a "genius", but they have a handle on what he's a genius for. they're just too lazy to check it.
from the cowbow wally show now available at
finally!! i was looking for it digitally before my trip 3 weeks ago. the timing!!
i think we could. we are doing digital plan check. i'll have steve mcharris work on this
awesome. would be huge for "easy urbanism" of building our future!
baby it's hot out here
where is this suit from!?
can't wait to go home and watch this is us!
omg it was so good
could not be more excited to see after hearing this thrilling review from .
that statement is very accurate
i want to land a position at that company.
heehee what company? dunkin donuts? :p
get you a girl who prays for you.
i always say there aint nothing wrong with a praying woman/man.
your takin an l once i get to sh. tired of the bs
i'll see you after my class tonight
there's the problem, ur generalizing! ur 1 narrative of police force is stealing valuable time away from bigger problems!
police and community need to work together. period. have a great day!
it's just a meme, you can do what you want
"what would roger the alien, karen walker, dw, and pepe do?" "okay so here's the 20 fictional characters that-"
in 2012, liberals could tell themselves "well, nate silver says we're still good." then came umpteen "trump has no shot at the nom" pieces.
hot take: even smart people get things wrong now and then.
ever stop and question why you don't have the r.kelly discography?
almost incessantly
i think the last time i saw him was at avery's custody hearing.
i think it was with elizabeth, bitching at her about jason
white gays being violent: "a professional mischief maker and provocateur" girl, put your editors note in a fleet b...
this article glamorizing ignorance does literally *nothing* to make a safe space for qpoc. complete trash.
hey james, hope all is well! just wanted to check back on this!
i just wrote back, my man
can you afford to take an entry-level salary? (alternate question: can you not to?) via
thank you so much for sharing!
we're live! watch the reveal of our new multiplayer dlc for :
just gimme that coop
i don't care if you stand for the flag or take a knee... that's your right
hell yeah i fuckin agree!!
when you buy a last second flume ticket
omg see you there
i don't know anything about "in doubt". i never implied there'd ever be "doubt" if she is drunk.
young women go out binge-drinking in order to find sex, &amp; to be able to consent to said sex.
walked into my brother's room to find him playing while in the shower. we won this battle.
bruh it was on shuffle bruh
here it comes! finally!
some things are always just marketing claims and the actual project or product creation or service never happen.
fear sure, but what about the perception that blk ppl are violent where u think that comes from?
it comes from the media and big time billionaires. why do we have such a hard time...
finally got my twitter account working again! wooooooo
sunday!!!! can't wait to dance baby!!! woooooo
right right well thanks and glad you enjoy the show!!
your welcome! keep it up
when u tired but u gotta save the world from rita
so damn excited.
frames are bad, use iframes if you really must oh wait
first of all fuck you
every steve hofstetter video on youtube is just him "destroying hecklers"
hecklers or "people that didn't even realize they attended a comedy show being taunted by angry comic for not listening"
out of surgery and recovering well. thanks for the well wishes!
have a speedy recovery dear!
then buy it! and join us at the android side. we got all kinds of treats. kit kits! lollipops! and rarity! o_o
suuuuure. use fashion pone as bait. :p
us kids were convinced we saw a ghost. my brother in law thought someon broke in. or that's what he said at least.
that reminds me of the time my parents convinced me santa was real via an elaborate hoax...
the election is a shit show i've checked out not sure i'll even vote
oh, you've gotta vote!!!! please vote. pbo said the other night that every vote will count.
lol since i was a baby
i peeped- birthday celebrations at flor de mayo.
thank you for sharing - sorry to hear about this. pls provide us with your itinerary info so that we are able to report this.
september 20th. ny to philli. 3pm. schedule number: ppp2147
you libtards are the dumbest of the dumb lol.
here's the federal court record. but you probably don't care about child rape.
omg what happened to shawty lo
died in a car accident. :-(
i'll be hosting a weekly live fantasy football show for deadspin. did the first ep today, and i think it went well:
tommy do you do the draft kings and if so what do you think of waffle sandwiches
everything i've said is pretty specific to boobs though. soft tissue in general, it's hard to find things with x-rays.
that honestly makes a lot of sense o_o wow i had no idea!!!
thanks for the follow, god bless, protect and continue to anoint you for his purposes, in jesus, name!
amen my brother. also to you and yours always. in his service
be afraid. be very afraid. to help them
trump supporters must register, got out on nov 8 . we must win in a landslide t...
it's funny when you folks think you can hide your childish nonsense emotions from your betters.
sure mr last word. you got it all figured out. so much so you hide behind a pic of trump.
am hoping will recall. brought me to so many. i knew better than to leave out that deet but was too excited!
. t'was at books inc. betches!
that's one example where they were wrong that they have spent much time discussing why they fucked up :-/
if anything his treatment of being wrong in the primaries is proof of the opposite. he didn't double down on it
the blessings you bouta receive gone set u up to knock down whatever obstacle you facing folks, frfr
i appreciate that brodie you kno how it go tho 1 eat we all eat period.
i got my ducks and eagles going undefeated in league. what y'all think ?
just a little worried about beating uw
great that he likes luke, and yes byron was obviously bad last year but iunno how good it is for a 20 year old to o...
you'd think he'd have learned that some things are best kept quiet
damn.... album "i told you" is ridiculous. get on it
yea shit is lit have to agree with you on that
hey everyone. i just reinstalled build 14393 (clean install) because the insider builds were too unreliable.
i was concerned because the system file checker ("sfc /scannow") was failing on me. i did save the event viewer crashes for tiworker.exe.
also, drunk women are not "intoxicated". drunk women consent.
also, if u insist that drunk sex "is rape", then the drunk female logically would be "the rapist"
living in the metro area, i find it amazing how does not have a functional brewery yet
there's , right?
fear sure, but what about the perception that blk ppl are violent where u think that comes from?
...being shown in our positive lights? why aren't we shown as the original architects
.: bello plays politics. so what? that doesn't make his announcement less worthwhile....
kudos to adam bello for his professional due diligence in finding and correcting problems left by his predecessor.
what are they saying/doing on their 'white supremacist' website, that is so deplorable to you?
the whole ideology of white supremacy is deplorable to me.
personal hygiene is encouraged on caltrain, especially the clipping of fingernails!
i think i just threw-up into my mouth.
5 tech trends to watch: .
5 tech trends to watch: .
this is profile right now: promoting a transphobic white supremacist while exploiting a trans woman of...
they're trashhhshehdhdjhe
there are girls out here wearing dresses and im freezing in a sweater tf
i'm the girl wearing a dress while everyone here is freezing lmao
which one won?!
they're both winners.
of course u are , ima tell luis to fucking give u some food and a little letter
tell em i'll give you his number
concordia $4.87 -4.88% friday's low @ $4.80 1 yr -92.68% ytd -87.35% nice work marc $cxrx
thanks... it's not over yet... it beats where it was when i was sued
oouu what he do
didn't do shit
if anything his treatment of being wrong in the primaries is proof of the opposite. he didn't double down on it
he spent a lot of time examining what went wrong and why they made those mistakes so they don't make them again.
yaasss i'm all ears what are you doing saturday
nothing! its reserved for you now though
after a certain amount of time, it doesn't show a specific day. we can pass the feedback to the team that you're looking for this!
anything more specific than this?
these drives are my fav. about to get a 4tb....filled up the 1tb in 6 weeks.
would highly recommend this. 4tb and about the same price. never had an issues traveling with it.
wouldn't it be easier just to categorize your eggs depending on it's km by color? via /u/manual_cicadas
this aint yoshi story
also, if u insist that drunk sex "is rape", then the drunk female logically would be "the rapist"
if drunk sex "is a crime", then both participants would logically be co-perpetrators.
i was a silent writer on the latest ep but in not too long i will be singing for you ;~)
!!!!! i loved akio's vocals so much but i did miss your voice a lil :'-)
when u posted almost the same shit on facebook at like the same time last night
i don't have a facebook hahaha only my artist page
for my birthday, i'm hacking up quaich (scala + aws lambda) support for alexa (amazon echo) skill plugins, and amaz...
happy birthday! :)
what i'd rather be doing this morning...
let's go eat b
he spent a lot of time examining what went wrong and why they made those mistakes so they don't make them again.
that's the exact opposite of punditry imo
nice chat conference with smart folks from and today.
enjoyed your session! thank you!
lm probably
but then navas and san... i mean, whatever, pep's got this
please share
i could go on and on about the world cup of hockey haha no one wants or needs that
i was concerned because the system file checker ("sfc /scannow") was failing on me. i did save the event viewer crashes for tiworker.exe.
it was a crash in the 64-bit servicing stack dll itself, so i don't think it was really corrupted, but it looked bad. avoid the fast track.
a lot of fans don't realize the knicks didn't want to trade ewing he demanded a trade
that's a fact
67% of manufacturers are investing in and industrial |
just what we were discussing at last week but in context of !
i'm such a big flirt i'm so good at attracting attention &amp; flipping it. i can't imagine being somewhere and not making extensive eye contact
teach me how to flirt
lol ok stop @ ing me you obviously have no idea what you're talking about lol
beat teaming up with anyone from to nikki can have lots of use
i commend your idealism, but if you think i haven't read that article and many others, you don't give me enough credit. cheers.
. but don't you feel bad for voting for a criminal?
you have black entertainers perpetuating the image of black = thug via music, cinema and tv
oh so white americans don't show themselves at that too?. what about charles manson?
back when boxing was the shit. both those guys were my favorite growing up.
i hated de la hoya cuz he beat vargas lol
on that note, who in albany would like to adopt me for a month?
i don't eat much and i'm nice
yesss i have already forgotten so much
me too it actually makes me sad when i can't remember a sign!!
young women go out binge-drinking in order to find sex, &amp; to be able to consent to said sex.
young women know exactly what they're doing when they get drunk &amp; have sex w/ strange men.
anyone know what company this is? saw on 101
i saw that car also one day but have no idea who they are.
is that guy kidding?!?
he's occupying a space that is reserved for assholes who don't know their ass from a hole in the wall!!
i think 1 of 3 things every time i check my insta feed: 1)ppl r getting sexier 2)ppl r getting better at photoshop 3)i'm getting uglier
um if sexy people are on your feed, why are you not following me?
hey the government is winning man they want all of us divided...it's working man
i agree. media loves this race war shit.
people can't read contracts then get mad at their stupidity
reading comprehension is important
ohhh my gawd
isn't it sad? i wonder how his children are doing.
we're talking on snapchat, text and here lmfao good to be back
lmfaoo tell me bout it!!! i miss this haha
biggest roadblock he's having is comprehending why people would show up early to a sporting event just to hang out
im american and i don't understand that
have heard that a couple times now, looking around for tooling. doesn't exactly embrace k.i.s.s. know what i mean?
totally. that's the "simple" part. npm bundleddependencies, pack workflow is not.
interesting! i did a kind of nebula look (turquoise, blue, green, purple) for a while but i felt like a clown. ;d
i have that look for a character. androgynous space vampire politician
and i'm honestly tired of tweeting about it. feeling helpless in this country. racism is still a major issue.
it's fking unacceptable on every level.
- is evil now
he mentions canada. you mention venezuela. so much straw you should be watching corn fields.
can we get another female winner this year ? watch out women are in the...
i'm ready are y'all ready? girl power activate
same to you imma come back and visit as soon as i can for sure!
yes please come back soon!!!
sounds very spicy, enjoy
with 20 food stations, we have something for everybody. even the new improved juice/smoothie bar. freshness 4 u.
did we just become best friends?
charge your phone you bum. it's not even 2 o'clock and you're below 20%
the long-term downside of reading people's email...
yep. no one believed, but isp sysadmins didn't sit around reading ppl's mail all day. both would eat your soul, and who has time?
true, however have you seen many of the so called community leaders? therein lies the problem!
oh, i definitely agree with that.....local and state is often the problem before even gets to the top. don't change ur vote
it was a crash in the 64-bit servicing stack dll itself, so i don't think it was really corrupted, but it looked bad. avoid the fast track.
i'm going to delete my windows.old (i saved copies of my old home directories) and then install the rest of my apps, after an sfc /scannow.
well, you can't buy results like that!
imagine what would have happened without the ads...
don king has always been a clown! i could stomach him!
i cannot stomach don king i hope he returns too the hole he climbed out of. shameful!
man if you were the ghost in that house you watched my cousin and i masturbate together a lot, you pervert. d:
reminds me of my family gatherings.......
you have black entertainers perpetuating the image of black = thug via music, cinema and tv
ozzy osbourne? kiss? natural born killers?
psst...as a special thank you to my fans, my entire collection is 25% off today w/ code: shayvip shop here...
yay placed my order
- is evil now
more straws than a shake joint.
what? it's android 6.0 marshmallow... android 7.0 is nougat
you. shush. it'll be hours before i get lunch and this ain't helping. t.t
no actual brewery where ppl can congregate
gotcha. anything in the works, locally? kind of amazing.
history of 's aggression: a 6-second look |
what about ksa in yemen.
i'm going to delete my windows.old (i saved copies of my old home directories) and then install the rest of my apps, after an sfc /scannow.
which is now 62% complete, so that's good.
we think our richard deserves an apple watch don't you?!
let me check with santa.
weird way of you to phrase "time to relentlessly sexualize kuro"
look here, only one of us here has finished prilya and it sure as hell isn't me
this is so you
you're so right
even in the case of he who shall not be named, this is sad. this is the reality for many queer people. i empathize...
not saying there's no blame to be had. adults control their actions. but young queer kids getting treated like shit? that's never on them.
- is evil now
so much straw man you're looking for a heart with a preteen, lion, and a tin man.
i'll be uploading new beats to youtube soon. they might be ripped and stolen but that's a risk i have to take (i'll sue if i find out)
dont be stupid just pay for a beat site
fbi searching for two more men connected to new york city bombing -
they can't find orlandos terrorist's wife
yeah gotta be the best group chat namer ever.
lol i put it on my resume too no wonder so many ppl didn't hire me
if you can't tell the difference between a woman who is extremely intoxicated &amp; one who isn't,
it's not a man's responsibility to subjectively determine whether she is "extremely intoxicated".
sharing some birthday cakes ...
such deliciously sexy curves
need some for snd money 8s drop psn's using party
nyspaz i'm in a lobby now bro
i wish will improve its analytics platform soon. pretty useless right now compared with
what are the problems you're having / what would you like to see?
what's my favorite part of roi so far you ask? ooo ha no ah!
my favorite part is watching my twitch family having the times of their lives can't wait to do them private matches
this isn't brain surgery this is an easy problem to resolve if there was the will to do it
so give us the answer since it's so simple.
you didn't buy the air bag. you bought the car which you probably use often. are the gym one would argue that
my point is that "frequency of use" is ambiguous. i realize value by just knowing i have a working car in my garage. same w/ airbag.
entitled and lazy parents outsource parenting to the criminal justice system with devastating consequences
and since much of the system is now outsourced to contractors and subcontractors, it's intensely profitable to keep the system this way
15 years ago today, started the healing process.
i was there
so trump makes a 2nd dog-whistle to shoot clinton but a tv clown says it's ok-it wasn't as loud as the 1st vol.6 vid
i'm starting to get the impression that you won't be voting for donald, keith.
after all the new guns &amp; mystics...u mite wanna check on dude gonna commit suicide on next u4 live stream lol
i dont even know whats going on. what nd did now?
but is a shorter url to remember tho
moreover it was a really cool url that i'm amazed they managed to get!
the guy with a cross on his head hahahahahaha
"issa knife"
yeah, of course, but the market for medium-format isn't that big to begin with. unrealistic even for dedicated amateur photographers
price wise yes, for now...
pause for a moment in time to listen to this beautiful message
this is so beautiful! thanks for sharing. one of my all time favorites.
russia invading ukraine, involving itself in syria war china creating alternative global economic architecture bigger concern is..?
if trump elected his bro putin will stomp all over eastern europe again
the fact that places will hire immigrants to pay them under the table an unlivable wage way under min wage is fucking ridiculous
people come here with a family to support and are working longer hours and harder jobs and making $7? how is that acceptable?
deplorables love to defend their "savior". now, thanks to weiner, they have something they can fight back with.
not really tho
how was the star trek exhibit in the end?
. was great, you missed out did a great job on
i want to fund some indie games. anyone have anything great that needs funding?
(more specifically, we have this)
and what are the chances that one or two pledged delegates could yolo &amp; vote for a 3rd party?
very dumb
i think we need to watch all of these
idk what that word means
our can take some getting used to but once you do you'll fall in love! clump free, long and beautiful...
my mom used the one made by maybelline in the 60s. i'm so happy that i can now have my own thanks to besame.
thats with sefo's status up in the air. their defense is uh... not good.
o line is also young, beat up, and not great to begin with. devon allen is out. freeman might be out too.
currently on that med-school --&gt; doctor route. but i'll keep that in mind in case my current plan doesn't work out lol
if i may : busy nuff....
i loved your scope today!!!! you read the cards so well! it was exciting to see someone work with the deck!
thanks so much love!!
i'm so sick doctor, i need a vacation so bad
nfsee shofoo hal doctor
if she had met a john in the past or present, does that excuse the act of murder, or make it any less...
if her killer was a 'john', then it's relevant as to how they came to meet.
weddings ain't cheap. helps you steal the show without going broke on 's
girl never go with the discount makeup artist. do it your damn self. i've seen some tragedies.
i hate when i feel mela for my mother and father cause i hate them
i feel overdone mela for my mother n father since lastnight
it's worse than you can imagine. alleged sexting relationship w/a 15-year-old. job prospects diminished to dairy queen janitor.
jesus christ, weiner. that's fucking jail time. i dearly hope.
it looks like under ideal conditions i can get 77 mbps download and 40+ mbps upload on at&amp;t's lte-a in mountain vie...
that last run was only 25 mbps upload, perhaps because there were cars near me and i didn't have a direct line of sight to the towers.
glad to be back!
good to have ya! even more excited for sunday
stop this right now vincent
that class is way too high, you need to cut it!
yeah it's yerba buena garden i think. i just had no idea how i ended up there
i saw it from the amo building when i went to see a directors invite of kubo and the two strings. it's very pretty
here are the various national tracking polls vs. a week ago. maybe a gain of 1 point for clinton, not more than tha...
the upi v reuters contrast is fascinating.
no it wouldn't. why n how was someone killed.
how did the two cross paths?
clean-energy breakthroughs don't happen by chance. we need long-term investments in r&amp;d:
please check projects, ideas and researches towards clean energy, waste to energy.
nah we get called faggots and gay though. seen that alot
i've never done that though
adrienne bailon addressed rob kardashian's cheating claims - see what she said:
never thought it was you
if so, very very subtle, especially when it comes after listing food stamps and aca as helping people in poverty - but not tanf
definitely subtle. a wonk dog whistle, perhaps?
so sex with a dinger doesn't count?
probability of babies still greater than zero. counts as sex. unless mixed with correctly used contraceptive meds ????
how do i do this - no upgrade in the apps store
delete app, re-install and event catalog will be updated
anyone who doesn't use squints as 1 of the 3 is disqualified.
squints and garth
why aren't hindu men being shot at the same rate? ask yourself that question then look at perception
where do da majority of hindu men live, not here they live where they r not oppressed
i'm about to start bringing blankets to school cause these classrooms are freezing
meeee i fucking feel u, i did it last year in hs since my hs was broke and couldn't afford any heat
looks great man. congrats on continuing to push the industry.
thanks rahz!
that last run was only 25 mbps upload, perhaps because there were cars near me and i didn't have a direct line of sight to the towers.
but i get the impression that the network is capable of even faster speeds, but is throttling down to 75 mbps down and 45 mbps up, or less.
dear - and i will be lunching at bergdorf's shortly fyi
!!! plz send me snaps
you're only as good as your last screenshot
change the lyrics of this to "poison skittle"
i really need to crash at a friends place today. they remodeling my apartment and the fumes and noise is beyond annoying : (
come throughhhh lol it's fumes here too though
we do sometimes take turns playing "dumb cop" on conference calls but it's short-lived.
you know the folks i'm subtweeting. paid to be dumb.
attendee registration for northern california facilities expo is now open. register for free today:
is in attendance stop to see tim reilly at booth 424!
hey guys varg did something racist again. guys? hey this is super pertinent. he's being racist in tabletop games. a...
i haven't had my fill of racist varg i guess
happy birthday ! you've made doyouremember fans smile since fresh prince of bel-air and we love see...
i see this and tom jones' it's not unusual pops into my head. lol.
mornings aren't too bad... mostly mostly spread out. it's the 5pm commute home which is rough.
ahh got it. i usually work until 6ish so hopefully it thins out by then.
is that the damn lgbt room i swear
it is lmfao
after much deliberation and consideration here is the conclusion i have arrived at...
this took you so dang long
i haven't had a topo chico in over three weeks. i don't even know who i am anymore.
a friend sent me like 10 six packs from mexico couple weeks ago. so good.
donald trump weighs in on the recent string of police-involved shootings in oklahoma and north carolina.
he was still able to insult though. "he was a good man, but i might be clouded because i just spoke to his family."
big fan. this seems like a half assed idea though. that being said, i'm still very excited for the movie.
i mean, the ideal solution is still a full book-by-book tv series, but if any of them deserve a miniseries it's book 4 imo.
lionsgate needs to cut the bullshit and just put out a trailer already. people are geniunely curious about this flick.
what's the release date?
can i ask you a mtg question please.
my friend, please treat me as an oracle of magic knowledge.
per-usual looks amazing at the queen katwe movie premier. we saw the movie and did a quick review on ...
not only is this movie everything, but it keeps giving us red carpet look
gfs has been consistent the last few days showing a possible tc in the carib headed wnw end of month/early oct.
**ty** 4 your always awesome &amp; reliable updates:-) best, rr
excited (read:nervous) to be speaking at in a bit about building inclusive communities and !
s/o to the women of , who have taught me so much. we are also .
bruh i didn't know colin kaepernick was this real
what am i looking at here idgi
spoart's are fun if u get fucked up first
yeah but i don't have to freeze my ass off in a stadium parking lot to do that
how did the two cross paths?
he could be trying to establish that she had been sleeping with several men.
what is with filipino people &amp; the name elvin ... why
i have a cousin elvin
ha ha that's funny doesn't make my statement untrue
it doesn't, but it's still completely and totally irrelevant in this regard, and in most regards.
also said "might be on something." it was pcp
so we shoot and kill people for being on drugs now?
donald trump appears with pastor who claims he personally stopped a tsunami
trump continues too pull garbage from the trash bin and the media keeps eating from his little hands!
if you love good music check out "drugs" by and
i hate rap.
tbh i like complex english reclists but that's just imo
well i don't want to make it too complex that no one can pick it up. it's like making a language almost
see , &amp; think all folk are as &amp; as as ,
why is anyone shocked had no problem throwing cop ?
thanks for your interest, josh+dontspammesteven. i will add you to our list manually.
hehe, thanks. put my real email in there too (modulo spammesteven) because i trust y'all. :)
totally. that's the "simple" part. npm bundleddependencies, pack workflow is not.
to use two discreet flows, you could leverage `node_path`. though.
i.e. i covered my eyes during the scenes where the girls graphically make out
oh sure, mr. i'd fuck king arthur if he were a high school girl and but for some reason a tan fuckup hero is too much
i'm deciding pbo wasn't so great yeah lots of obstruction just one of those people whose life did not improve
i'm sorry for that. it has not been perfect for everyone. but how do you think it'll be with a trump presidency.
out here in nyc feeling nostalgic af
i need my keys fool.
i'd be curious to know how many votes they've actually cost her
it's more about the dirty tricks, unethical and illegal behavior. is her own worst enemy.
did someone photoshop kylo's hand into that?
lol no i think it's just someone there
new guns that mite be broken...n a bullshit shield mystic
the shield protects from bullets?
i use non-p cis on bar plots for binary data - is there any better soln. other than v. silly scatter plots?
can use lines (esp if iv is continuous) - but summary for plotting is necessary
ha ha that's funny doesn't make my statement untrue
medicine is expensive. you chime in with "oranges are orange." yes, that's true, but also useless
"i was wrong because the un was already fairly boring."
's is doing his part to make it boring. he is v. diplomatic as he take national interventions from the floor.
yes &amp; i wanted to see how the altercation ended
next time i'll document from start to finish
just a little bait and switch shenanigans...ah well the path to get it will make you appreciate it
but imo i'd rather earn my gear vs waiting on rng or just given to me thru a pre-order
happy birthday!!
thanks ian!
the hollywood walk of fame will shine all the brighter with a new star, . congratulations on this hono...
love her! well deserved and long overdue.
there used to be a mercy hospital. everyone went there when they wanted to keep something a secret.
they are sending them there now
agreed, but we can choose to rise above too. obama has been a huge setback to everyone in this country.
no he has not. he wasnt great (drone program, tpp, etc) but gotta give him credit where credit is due on other things
been working my ass off all day, and as soon as the big boss comes over to meet me i'm on my phone...ain't that some shit
lmao happened to me before
my...... butter fly ;)
ur butterfly, my best friend, all these bf's man
why thank you for changing my life in your small way that you did!
you're very welcome austin!
donald trump cheats at golf, cheats his friends, and cheats his own charity -
looks like he cheats on his diet a little too.
not saying there's no blame to be had. adults control their actions. but young queer kids getting treated like shit? that's never on them.
i don't care what kind of monster you grow up to be: children should be protected and cared for. period. (and fwiw i hate kids)
bud, i can't stand trump; but she's pulling the country apart &amp; she's disrespected terrence's legacy by generalizing.
i ask that you look at all her policies, not just one generalization. she has life changing policies, trump does not.
has anyone had any luck getting painter to work? using chromium 1.1 w/ vive. renders fine, but controllers are stuck at 0,0,0
turn on gamepad extensions in chromium config maybe?
new video: "starting my own talk show?!" ft. &amp; tons of celebrity guest stars:
oh my goddjfjsbsj im so hppy for youujdkdd
yes! :-) rt : hi everyone. ready for some down &amp; dirty discussion about laundry.
hi stacy! let's get this going!
is clueless about integrity she's proven that by the relentless lying she does for
i can't stand watching her, she is almost worse than katrina...
i still suck tho but it's ok
ms all county
did you have a chance to check out this episode of 's podcast? we talk about some cool stuff
thanks for reposting. after almost being lost n the hunt to find it. i'm honored that you shared your story with me!
just keeping you in the loop dude. if i don't, no one will.
just keep on keepin on buddy!!!! you got this!!!!!
i think we should nuke the middle east with out tax money
angry zombie mentality. go back to your xbox kids.
political friends: if you've been pulled over for a dui in the past year don't have a fundraiser at a 'bar &amp; grill'
do u remember that case where the midtown bar over-served a city councilman, and he went right out &amp; killed people in crosswalk?
excited to announce that i'm joining the cast of ! on nbc!
now i have to watch
don king just introduced trump at a rally referring to michael jackson and a "dancing and sliding and gliding n--ger." what have we come to.
the bar is so low that it's disappeared. sad.
did you ask when you'll be able to dance again?
crutche5 for 4 week5
can i have it
marc already claimed :(
the probability that a perfectly formed &amp; fertile sperm pops out of the quantum fuzz into an ovary is greater than zero.
the log of the probability of that number is so small that it's closer to zero than any number you can think of
can you provide more details? what device is this occurring on and with what event?
iphone 6s when using google cast. fs1 channel
not in the dc universe before the shitty reboot, dude.
a: not a dude. b: yes she was, 04-11 she was 15-16 c: this is for rebirth, where again she's 15. stop creeping
just listened to on npr for last hr while driving discussing trump found. he is very sharp and great at investigative reporting
fahrenthold is my new hero
it's wonder woman today
the crown's a bit off, hope you adjusted it
i don't know why my siblings look at me funny when i still tag along with my parents whenever they go out its not that boring, really
especially when you don't use any money and get to be treated like the only kid (that i was suppose to be) again
that video
she's so freaking awful. i actually miss the way she was during her first season.
i mean, elastic band skirt and you boys don't have hips... so i think you are good.
we might just have our wedding reception outfits!
thanks for the tweet
you're welcome!
feeling old and left out. this is where the cool kids play. but hey, they got t-shirts !
what's that with people leaving a presentation after 1 minute and 12 seconds? too stupid to find the correct room?
how about active and disorganised?
that's better, but i'm quite happy reading my book in the sunshine!
just keep on keepin on buddy!!!! you got this!!!!!
if christ allows for it, it shall be.
i hate sharing body wash shampoo n conditioner like that ones mine stop i bought it for myself
my stuff lasts me 10 days but with u on my back it dosnt last me at all chogus mah
not much!!!
oh gosh really? i bet he's pist because nobody wants to pay him more than lin gets paid. that jealous sob
stop thinking you're heroes you jackasses will be the first to scream impeach if hillary is elected
look at those two! wouldn't you like to smack those smug looks off their faces? plotting to destroy america....
rocket raccoon returns this december in his own series from and !
the talking raccoon gets a series but the young avengers have been dead since 2013?
today's front page: shoulda never gotten married! experts say tying the knot may have doomed brangelina...
give me a freakin' break.
wanna learn more about custom controls in nativescript?
. why is ns using xml based controls versus pure html5/javascript/json?
how about that film equality, ladies?
cinema is not dead. it just needs a pep rally.
23c is so much harder to get on a wheel in a rush than 25c! got both wheels done in ~5 minutes but i'm covered in black shit.
on that note, i'm $150 down replacing tyres &amp; tubes for this ride. still $250 short of minimum. deadline tomorrow
bravo, , i'm already hooked.
same here!! by the twist near the end, i was hooked!
quizlet's userbase of 17m us users could have a real impact on the election.
largely high school students?
any of my twitter peeps build commercial public use or healthcare facilities in ca and work with oshpd?
sorry, i'm an attorney that defends police officers in nyc, pretty much the opposite of what you're looking for.
all my girls from the 504 need to drop it right now
need to drop it right now all my girls from the need to drop it right now
i'm sure there's people who sleep with a bowling ball or something....
why did i say that i can't remember
as jon stewart used to say, and now your moment of zen
new favorite account!
how you know sony fans are shook
wonder where the interviews were when sony was taking much more serious shots at ms in 2013
i feel you! but the story spotlights creative practices of oakland natives/poc, not white newcomer artists
a fair spectrum. mostly poc, also lobot and ghosttown. and the doom is coming from way upstream of all of them.
in an interview, akira toriyama stated that dbs might show bardock in some past events. i hope they do. he is my...
why put fake news out there?
swimming on the first date
as if waterproof and setting spray isn't a thing
and my t-shirt valuation just shot up another 50%. thanks, janet.
i just found the best way to trade the fomc meetings.
did hitler have great designers? can good design be bad design? what do you think?
i think ethics in design should be brought to the table if we dont want to have well design things that hurt people
then you haven't been paying attention. (it's all really racist since before anyone heard of him)
i know, i'm not a big metal guy. pretty much as soon as i learned of burzum (from metalocalypse, lol), i learned of varg
where's elizabeth??
in bed. waiting to be moved
saber is 25 but just looks 15 because of magic so don't try to lump me in with the lolicons *deliberately avoids looking at miki*
alright if you want to play that game technically chloe is ageless so
my life won't be any worse yes i'm being selfish but i get to be selfish on wednesday's between noon and 3
i think life would be worse w/ trump. in fact, i guarantee it. trump will be another bush admin, but worse.
trump used others people's charity donations to illegally settle private legal claims and buy two pictures of himself. people trust him why?
and i would bet that it won't make a difference to his supporters.
how you know sony fans are shook
the guy asked so many questions about tweets by marketing and all this bullshit i couldn't believe it
i think this is when they started getting closer but who knows i just think its weird how she was bac...
do you remember when nick said in an interview that she was his celeb crush?
where is hillary clinton? campaign 'postpones' north carolina fundraiser - breitbart
she is dealing with latest carlos danger episode, says carlos is not "deplorable"
maison ikkoku: kozue poignantly set to the tune of the 1967 hit "georgy girl"
reading maison ikkoku is probably my fondest memory of my summer living on chauncy st.
let me tell you how much i love cardi b!
i was living like cardi b for a while before i knew who she was, when i discovered her i was elated
mystical that puts you at full health and your damage taken is reduced 75% but you walk slower
but we already have the stones add something else and 75 less damage. you better be super slow
"donald trump packs arena" it's obvious the left has been lying and will continue to.
:the left believes that they can control the faith of a free people by lying thereby keeping them ignorant 2 reality &amp;true facts.
oh great, a person in longfellow is receiving threats after putting up a blm yard sign
omg. these are the people that only support free speech for white people. sad to see this in minneapolis.
i don't care what kind of monster you grow up to be: children should be protected and cared for. period. (and fwiw i hate kids)
obvi i think trash clown is trash &amp; by all means continue to drag all the live long day. but as a human, consider that part.
that users don't use often. habit requires frequency of use, as well defined:
only till habit is imprinted. after that frequency of use matters less. can you ever forget how to ride a bike?
daddy duties that brought a smile to our face today. "you're doing great!" (via )
she let daddys know more grease and he did a fantastic job to cute adorable
"that looks like a bad dude, too." -an officer flying in a fuckin helicopter
bad dude is code for large, black male. he sees from 2000 feet what we can't see on cam at 5 feet?
i want to like but need to be able to receive response sms in app and kimoji, obvi
first world problem
then we need coffee and chocolate
-or maybe just cocoa?
its a beautiful day to have a beautiful day!!!
you're beautiful ;)
my friend's brother took his own life last week. he was a veteran. his family told me must win
unfortunately this is a subject all too familiar with me; our thoughts and prayers are with you.
soon as you have all the answers your no longer teachable.. q: everything!
i'm pro obama for sure nothing changes that. and i'm not voting for clinton in nov. i'm voting against trump
did hitler have great designers? can good design be bad design? what do you think?
check out ethical design manifesto by and this talk he gave
but we're talking about much higher concentrations than those found even in area that fluoridate the drinking water
thanks! here's a favorite example of correlation not equal to causation. jim carrey movies cause auti...
that users don't use often. habit requires frequency of use, as well defined:
this article explains it nicely.
chan zuckerberg initiative announces investment to cure disease breaking, more details soon as they're announced
like... all of it?
charlotte police chief says officers gave armed man keith lamont scott 'loud, clear, verbal commands' to drop weapon
sure hope they stop burning there city and they stop looting and destroying private property and property of others
hi gemma my friend saw you yesterday at a womens meetup + mentioned me to you. she said you needed a mobile app designer
hey john! great to meet you. yup, we sure do - you can find the details here.
mannnnn idk what that is it was a joke, she's gorgeous
ohhh gotcha. and yes she is!!!
i would out hit him cold turkey in 50 at bats.
mets 2017 starting lineup: wade at catcher, tebow in the outfield &amp; cm punk at shortstop
ms being confident has them shook
so when you said 4k did you mean 4k and how does sony feel, and when they had a checkmark gtfo here
back to my roots
we get it my roots are bad fernando
lmao yo i don't even be trying to show id anywhere
i'm about to forward him my selfie from earlier
i had the chance to visit at their hq this week. looking forward to their relocation!
fresh direct is nice but we also need to encourage more meals prepared at home - from start to finish.
hey! we have a new board for computer science, would you post your tweet also at ?
congrats on being a little less spammy than the rest. but this trend of tweet boards is pretty spammy. please don't...
is crazy to be following them w/o alerting the police of their presence
stop it, that would make too much sense lol
you dont read youre own tweets?! lol you were bitching like it was the talent who decided what happens i told you were wrong
i do and i don't try to bury the greatest female talent that ever loved
soon as you have all the answers your no longer teachable.. q: everything!
my only goal this year is not that clinton wins cuz she's the best. but that trump loses cuz he is a threat
janoris jenkins said giants haven't decided whether to join in protests over racial injustice yet "but if we do, we'll do it the right way."
there is no right way, it's a racist demand for segregation by ppl who dont know any better. hollow ignorance on display
a1: laundry rooms have evolved into zen-like spaces that exude calmness, organization and heavenly scents.
can you send someone out to make my laundry room a zen-like space?!?
ms being confident has them shook
the whole interview was about pro basically
thanks man, its mostly after effects actually - i suck at photoshop
using free ios apps this is the kind of stuff i can manage. it would help if i could draw.
making a scene is back! our emmy nominated series. be a part of the new season! go to the fb...
pulp by charles bukowski good enough to be a movie?
amazingly considerate, insults me w/multiple f bombs &amp; than blocks me. shows character does it not?
i blocked &amp; reported him first before he did anything to me. dave rubin is right about the regressive left
says his "what do you have to lose?" message to african-americans is resonating
driving dems and libs mad
things ima ask on a first date. do you like kanye? do you like basketball or 2k? are you into fashion or shoes? if not..."check please"
do you love this shit? are you high right now? do you ever get nervous?
missing the aguacate and the queso though. v important
i know i thought about it after the fact very disappointed when i know it could have been an even more finessed meal
donald trump cheats at golf, cheats his friends, and cheats his own charity -
trump ain't shit.
but in more important news: you cheating on the snap with ig stories?! been a face-mask, karaoke snap drought out here.
hahaha omg. snapchat is dead :( ig video is what it is now!!!!
and that it was creative who decides
i do i just don't choose to bury the greatest female talent that ever lived
in 5 days, hillary clinton and donald trump take the debate stage. we'll have live, comprehensive coverage on...
i'll be watching
you goin to the game today? i got a ticket sec 123 row 23 for $10
nope. unfortunately i got stuff to do
yassss my favorite when it was 2 for 3 dollars haha. i wish there was a 7/11 outcheea
they have them here in new york but i never go to them just the bodegas
how about we get back to each other after this week, hopefully i kill u
hahaha sounds fair enough, bmarsh better be playing otherwise ill have to play my wildcard :o
ah, i see you've added it. that version worked. welcome to our preview list :)
woot! excited to try it, thanks y'all!
how does this even happen: itunes (seemingly) randomly does not respect "repeat this song" now. \_()_/
"i don't believe in acceptance tests."
i think this is the worst i've ever been in my life and where is my best friend???? lmao exactly
stfu thanks
hey john! great to meet you. yup, we sure do - you can find the details here.
i'm not the hiring manager for the role, but i have let her know you're interested.
so you do believe someone can be trans? then i agree 3/3 which does not happen often with us.
yes, i do. do i believe there are 32 genders?nobut yes-i do believe someone can "be trans". gender dysphoria/wiring is real.
q1: picnic in the park, front porch or basking on the beach? where's your favorite spot to sit a spell?
a1 love a picnic in the park!
and that it was creative who decides
by saying i don't care
deli's below 96th street are crazy
i just paid $7.02 for a sandwich that costs $3.50 on my block. this is a joke.
it's jen lmfao i'll get fired if i tell the boss to "stfu"
then just politely tell her to stfu....use please and thank you.
yassss my favorite when it was 2 for 3 dollars haha. i wish there was a 7/11 outcheea
the fact that we did that i am ashamed lol damn
the diggity dang show
there's my baby boy
i can't believe republican leaders would support this man for anything, much less president of the united states.
habe you lost your mind;your family needs to get involved. trump 2016!!!!
you guys, i have like a realllllly tough problem rn... ::
i mean, i really just want like a light blue .... is that so much to ask for!? ::
i'm not the hiring manager for the role, but i have let her know you're interested.
recommend an application using the form at the bottom of the description page.
no bro i respect ggg man nothing like that brother
aite cool bro. thought u was just being a troll.
cool story, bro.
who's to say who it was who 'initiated' sex?
yea native 4k for first party games as an option is pretty clear
so pro is gonna have an advantage being cheaper and magic 4k albert can you come close to cheap price
yep, it's that time of day again. i segfaulted the debugger.
but who debugs the debugger?
my ex keep calling swear that he be in the way !!!
this is probably not only a lyric lol
the ios 10.1 beta activates iphone 7 plus portrait mode. i had a chance to test it out. it works!...
it made you look tiny!
my tattoo really hurts because it's not done healing and i slept on it smh
put tha cream on it fool
it's alive!
well done mate! congrats to both of you! //
q1: what are you excited to watch this fall? new shows, returning shows, special events?
a1. new: notorious. returning: tbbt. no special events i'm really looking forward to.
stupidity was never encountered by me, i have a site set up, promotion is mainly the benefit of youtube
youtube shits get ripped why go thru that for nothing
listen to some of the old timers stories. these guys didn't gently disturb stuff. they trashed it. in doing so they earned wrath
having grown up with some cool cherokee people, i have more reverence for what you're talking about than a lot of things lol
sounds legit.
i think it would solve a lot of problems in regards to regretful drunk sex.
report: trump used family charity to settle lawsuits against his businesses surprised?
at this point i think trump was right when he said he could shoot someone on 5th ave &amp; not lose any votes.
okay, what's the worst vanity plate you've ever seen?
well used to have a swedish chef plate. "bork*3"
we must break up wells fargo and the other biggest banks which have assets equivalent to nearly 60% of our nation's gdp.
"too big to fail" is just another way of saying "too big".
yeah our actions are dispicable. burnin down our neighborhoods, smashin cop cars, lootin. white folks are the worst...
have a nice day .
buy my spot in the bus lol
friday&gt;saturday
did you here me i just sent you the nine song its
i got them and sent you a dm
please help make this meme available 2 all of our black brothers &amp; sisters to reveal the real !
trump was rt'ing mussolini and hitler blindly last year. they're both abhorrent people.
yea native 4k for first party games as an option is pretty clear
i couldn't believe the line of questioning lol i wish albert flipped a table and said see ya at e3
u should rent out space on that big ass thing.
but check out my podcast bro
so you do believe someone can be trans? then i agree 3/3 which does not happen often with us.
i have two friends who transitioned in early middle age. one is sharon. the other is still "joe" to me-i've never said that before
the same kkk that was founded by the democrat party to keep the black people in line? one that hillary's mentor byrd was in?
you act like youve never heard of political realignment before
when is the conference resuming back online....
we're back online now ...
if trump wins will the fed raise rates in december and risk trump accusing them of trying to sink his presidency
one thing you can be guaranteed of in a trump presidency is new heights of whining and blaming everyone else.
and yes, i might have some notes with some bullet points. :)
it's all part of being in finance...
so what! for all we know it's a man, n i wouldn't want it to happen to him either. ppl need 2 quit blaming victims b
if she was a pros, then he may be arguing that another one of her johns killed her.
happens to the best of us
&amp; i'm here wondering why it's not working
soon as you have all the answers your no longer teachable.. q: everything!
when trump ceases to be a political threat then i'll reexamine the options. now it's all about getting him out.
she could be your little sister
lmfao! look at the legs on her omg
happy bday to me!!!... goodz s/o to all the people who are fans of what i do... i appreciate...
enjoy virgo just had ice cream cake with my son's class guess 4 u mo henny love xoxoxxx
still a lot of uncertainties and a distinct lack of an identifiable alpha, but we're getting there.
i know a lion who's a pretty good alpha.
gemma i already applied. please let me know if i need to do anything else.
fantastic ! that's all we need for the moment; our recruitment team will take it from here.
west point doubles down on controversial boxing requirement as army completes gender integration...
who cares? transgender should not be allowed in the military.
glass or recyclable plastic? what's your preference?
glass is always better but it's hard to come by these days!
tomorrow! join us for the launch of jon day's cyclogeography: journeys of a london bicycle courier ...
big thanks to who will be our bookseller for the evening!
of course not. he is exhibit a of what they think of our people and directly in line with what their followers beli...
- trump will not gain aa support by presenting clown shows too mock us. trump laughs at us!
we should hang out whenever you come back! with bailey too!
yes yes yes sounds good to me
so what! for all we know it's a man, n i wouldn't want it to happen to him either. ppl need 2 quit blaming victims b
it's not about "blaming victims", but recognizing that prostitution is dangerous.
vr crew: i'm looking for women &amp; poc working on vr user analytics or measuring usability in vr, please dm me &lt;3 (and rt!)
: or might have some recs!
no it isn't! this is only his latest... goes to competence and decision making
yeah, and that's why she divorced him. it was a stay together for the kids marriage. once the kid was in a pic....
at what point does anthony weiner become a crime story? via
no !!! he would really enjoy himself in prison...you know how much pedophiles are admired inside
well used to have a swedish chef plate. "bork*3"
borkborkbork~
i love you for so many reasons! the truth comes from wise ones
and i love you too! maybe in due time i'll forgive them but now is that that time.
this unusual owl has the most mesmerizing eyes you'll ever see
such a cool little bird!!
so you do believe someone can be trans? then i agree 3/3 which does not happen often with us.
in "joe's" case, i do suspect severe mental illness as other issues have gotten more severe, not better.
i need specific scenes of people with shrinks or having overt mental illness moments, on any tv show, ever. mute me if you want to escape!
noel episode of the west wing was an eye opener on ptsd.
3 years ago today i saw twenty one pilots open for patd and fall out boy as coheadliners and my life has honestly never been the same
i remember being the only one who knew the words to tp and also the bands were my emo teen dream
how many people do you think are there? would there be more at say 6pm? just curious.
crowds showed up for the press conference at 1pm
thing is, i'm not 100% sure if i'm being snarky or sincere here.
i was gonna say...the spy museum?
i don't need to ravp on fb for free cover do i?
no rsvp just show up.
did you get them beats i want hit me back
yes i just wrote you in the dm
breaking: federal reserve keeps rates unchanged, signals one hike by year-end
i predict that if hillary wins, rates will remain the same. if trump wins, they will go up to hurt the economy.
i admit i was wrong about wanting to trade noah syndergaard, i wonder if others on twitter could do the same.
i was wrong about not wanting to trade darnaud.
at catcher? ido about that lol
can i get an rt on my article? i dunno if mets will sign you, but maybe you can throw out the first pitch
hi gz and all:)\m/
good evening ay
that show was beautiful even if just because they did things like name a supermarket after finntroll.
the first season is really excellent, the second a bit less, haven't watched any after that
how many women really want a guy with a 10" horse wiener? honestly? i've heard it reduces the female dating pool in...
all those cynical, pessimistic future predictions reflect so sadly on the people who wrote them. self-pity party.
today we're talking mentorship: how to find it, where, the good &amp; bad. first, let's roll call. who's here?
stephanie silkwood checking in here!
a1 a trend is making a laundry closet - hides the "room" from guests
those pull out racks and baskets are key!
i just spoke with my mom and told her what you all said and she cried &lt;3
what who said me? :)
so you do believe someone can be trans? then i agree 3/3 which does not happen often with us.
but sharon is sharon and i'm not sure how i missed it for so long.
i see you. i see you eatin the old food off your floss dude. dude i just saw you do it.
ewwww that's gross lol, some people are gross. my brothers eats floss that has old food on it.
starting my day off with a pixellated orgy in imessage with
thanks to for letting me know this exists.
oh, say can you seeeeeeee that the us can't play hockeeeeeeyyyyyyy go canada go
either the sweeds or the youngster are going to whop canada.
update: i did this to become healthier but now im just eating chips bc theyre the only things w/o meat
its day 3 and i've discovered that vegan burritos are very good. this aint that hard anymore.
our next public poll will be a national one tuesday-wednesday after debate, and then we'll let you vote on a swing state for next weekend
which state in your opin. is the most important this cycle ? ohio ?
considering it is an actual statistic that white men are more often shot by police, there is no reason to let it sink in.
and that is bc there are 8-10 times more white ppl than black. proportionately cops are much more likely to shoot black ppl
so so so close to top ten on keep spreading the love!!! keep downloading!!
getting it!!! wow, you found yourself, and it is the way to live. you go man!
thanks to for letting me know this exists.
thanks for the pixel dicks, mike.
the question isn't "if" but "how much" of the cash given to iran ends up in the hands of terrorists.
no, that is our"friend" saudi arabia
hi there! we'll be happy to have you in our sprint family. learn more on our great promo via this link ac
don't get sprint, they are totally bad! trust me i have 4 lines right there and i'm so regret about it
so you do believe someone can be trans? then i agree 3/3 which does not happen often with us.
these are just my opinions but in my observation,gender is in no small part, brain wiring.
cant see straight but on the brigh side that just came in the mail
i wear two pair of frames
anyone trying to see at on december 14th?
uhhh yes i didn't know this was a thing!!!!!!
"sit in there big dog"
yep that's exactly what i'm talking about. he has the ability to look down field. trust the force.
be you, be different. submit your look to be featured in the next from see more here...
give me yeezys
they're both pandering to the ignorant; it's an embarrassment to democracy and to our flag.
hrc is not pandering. yes, she needs votes. that's how you win. she has worked hard on policies that will make a change
why he flaggin red on the left side ...???
you know how them chicago niggas be like bruh
no rsvp just show up.
figured, just saw the facebook thing and i deleted my fb lol see you at like 6
the 2nd assassination dog-whistle from : 'i pity you trump, that you have so little of humanity'
you are a complete moron 2 think 's comments amount 2 an assassination attempt on
its day 3 and i've discovered that vegan burritos are very good. this aint that hard anymore.
oh yeah im savin money too bc a cheese quesadilla is way cheaper than a quesadilla with meat (:
watch: why obama wants to destroy america by: dinesh d'souza
the fact that some ridiculous person would even tittle something that the prez "wants" to destroy america is just so pathetic
so you do believe someone can be trans? then i agree 3/3 which does not happen often with us.
take it fwiw
so now don king is a coon? anyone who doesn't play victim is a coon? this was lil wayne last week. is he a coon to...
listen to the whole clip. he says it exists
the must-win states:
something's off in nm. 20+82 &gt; 100%
so like say my gf and i want to play a few casual games against each other, what boxes should we buy?
an excellent question! how familiar are you both with the game, and how much money are you willing to spend
just wait until and i show up there
gonna be all "assman," all the time.
i'm an astronaut. deal with it.
then stay in your lane. i'm a political economist so racial justice is part of mine.
lol that would be epic, sites are lucky they get any interview at all.
they are asking this type of bullshit to albert but not a question about hdr claims on 1.4 for ogps4
u are ignoring the upside of scheduling tough nonconference then winning. gives u benefit of doubt 4 later loss
that's what we don't know. yet. remains to be seen how committee views tho
thousands of in-n-out fans want the chain to add this item
add turkey burgers &amp; ice cream thanks
this poster (which is better than the ones from prior seasons) almost makes me want to return to the series. almost.
yes..come back!!!
good morning
did you bleach your hair???
yall look at this shit
no... we don't believe it.this is unreal
what do you think of my bandana
i wear those too. for the slobber
done with 4 seasons. was wondering what's left for season 5 then someone told me abt the 14th episode ozymandias. the best tv episode ever.
got was refreshing imdb a lot after their season finale to beat this. nah. it was at 10.0 but then dropped to 9.9
dead! imcalling metro or child protective services cause it looks like your still not getting fed
now i'm really bouta have to whoop that ass next month, it's so bad
it's not the greatest cam, but why not offer live stream to fb to clients? with two you can cover ceremony.
an extra thing that i don't need to do. doesn't interest me. who would watch? everyone who cares are there as guests.
i predict that if hillary wins, rates will remain the same. if trump wins, they will go up to hurt the economy.
the feds are as tainted as the irs, fbi, ins and the ag. they lie, meet in secret, manipulate the media and make us all pay for it
i need specific scenes of people with shrinks or having overt mental illness moments, on any tv show, ever. mute me if you want to escape!
there's an early episode of mash where sidney hypnotizes soldier to twitch hand when contemplating suicide.
don't say anything just rt
it hurts to watch.
thanks for the pixel dicks, mike.
but more importantly, unicorns. and more more importantly, butts.
obama today: "in order to realize the promise of the un, the us must give up freedoms" why hasn't the military arr...
: the question s/b why hasn't congress ordered his arrest, for treason &amp; war crimes. the man is demonically insane.
they're both pandering to the ignorant; it's an embarrassment to democracy and to our flag.
hrc has been in public service 4 decades making the needed changes for families and children. as potus she'll do even more
do the temples/shrines have dress codes?
not that i remember (i went in long sleeves weather tho) just stuff like take off your shoes
i've helped 7 freshmen find their classes already and it ain't even 8:30 yet
i lost track at 15 freshmen. i know there was more but damn it's cool to see the campus hella active. i love it
how am i supposed to freak out about interest rates when i'm stuck in jury duty????????
maslow's hierarchy of needs' kicking in ?
this girl really yelling out the wrong answers &amp; my professor thinks it's me
lmfaooooooooooooo i'm crying
i just wanted something nice to happen to you because you deserve it and stuff, you silly billy
well, that's very sweet and as a gesture, sure, thank you. but no, i'm not being silly here
i know a lot of montgomery's..... fam to most!!
my dad was henry montgomery jr and grand pops senior also daley family my uncle sunny lives there still
reviewers don't seem to like duel decks or clash packs or whatever
those are actually pretty good for casual players. i own the duel decks kiora vs elspeth and it's fun
gosh darn it. how did i mist. extra sighsicles
they slayer longsleeve
the view from inside today's clinton press bus in orlando. rough.
is 's campaign lame or is the and reporting of the lame? both apply! sad for you!
watching from the stands tonight cmon boys! bring home the bacon!!
bacon!!!!! that's why you're my fav striker!
watch: why obama wants to destroy america by: dinesh d'souza
it's pathetic and laughable. i wouldn't even have said of w bush, and he was a demon.. lol so anti-intellectual and just sad
can we just move on already? damn. bell been writing quinn all over the place from deacon to liam to eric. stop it!
tell me about jump from one man after another
happy birthday, from scotland with whisky
thanks! i was regretting near end of last week's lake district trip not making time for scotland. it's been far too long.
also they found it in his car. we'll see what the autopsy says
even if he was high they should not have killed that man, we saw the whole thing - none of them were in danger
experience disney this autumn at the !
don't get rid of the electrical parade!!!!!
i'm an astronaut. deal with it.
two words for you: razor blade. i find it hard to believe they let astronauts have all that facial hair
dang! the parking here gets full so quickly!!
parking here is a mission.
first season was awesome. i don't know what happened later but it was probably similar to what happens to most metal bands tbh.
s2 was a little less consistent but had a few episodes that were absolute killers
i'm excited to join the awesome team as senior writer/video host, beginning monday from nyc &amp; relocating to sf later this month
would love to connect with you on some
they're both pandering to the ignorant; it's an embarrassment to democracy and to our flag.
for decades, trump has looked out for himself. now 50 days out, he wants votes.....now that's pandering.
"you feel it shawty" man those freestyles with gucci, shawty lo, frenchie and waka were classic ! and oj da juiceman ! lol
"ay you feel me shawty" i remember riding around to "dunn dunn" like in 2010. have it on blast today
when do the shirts come in?
i'll have yours soon
happy birthday, from scotland with whisky
i hope the family is well too!
quinn &amp; wyatt is the same dialogue all day long. on and on and on and on.
these two board me
y'all think aj westbrook just shit the bed and nutted up in a huge game, or y'all expect him to suck going forward?
idk he knew he was starting since monday and pulled that. idk what to think.
i just wanted something nice to happen to you because you deserve it and stuff, you silly billy
i think a lot of us imagine we need to be perfect before we begin. i know i do. and i am trying to learn to break from this
culture is set by the founders &amp; the founding team. why diversity &amp; inclusion shld be part of your day 1
my thoughts exactly!
*me walking in crosswalk* *old man on bike almost hits me* me: what are you doing? man: ohhh hoo hoo ~sorry~ *punches d-bag in stupid face*
jk on that last part. not in the mood for rack up more assault charges.
yummy hot peppers from a coworker!
prepare for ring of fire! lol :)
so you do believe someone can be trans? then i agree 3/3 which does not happen often with us.
i hate judging whether or not someone is "really trans" or is caught in other issues. it's not for me to say.
nancy your 2 followers tell me that not many people think like you do. smh. shhhhhhhhhh grown up are talking
just started twitter yesterday. not a big fan of social media, i prefer real conversations. you suck as a human.
like the simplicity of allo. kudos for learning from hangouts!
and the assistant is awesome!!
teaming up with scientists. $3 billion over 10 years from chan zuckerberg. introduced as lead scientist!
first investment is biohub: team led by joe de risi and steve quake . also partners at . amazing.
what's that with people leaving a presentation after 1 minute and 12 seconds? too stupid to find the correct room?
did someone mention adf this week at ? it seems adf is the new oracle forms ...
a1) and of course we think easy-to-maintain, durable tile is the perfect surface material for laundry room floors and walls!
speaking of...love a tiled wall in a laundry room too
anthony weiner reportedly had an online relationship with a 15-year-old, and it got gross:
he's gross.
possession of pcp not a crime where you live?
not one punishable with death.
a 2 yr old is 100% self-centered. development means wider &amp;wider perspective. trump still has world view of 2 yr old. as our president?
he's actually an emotionally and intellectually stunted adolescent for whom there's never enough attention or money
hey a *very*happy employee of midtown comics received a signed trade of lazarus today.
correction, two *very* very happy employees received lazarus trades.
maybe. i guess i just feel like if you already had a record deal and were nominated for major awards, you have a huge advantage.
totally see that - i spent most of last season super bored &amp; annoyed by t alisan porter hoopla. guess 4 me it's all likeability!
hehe. the good old "restart to update". will do. really appreciate you took your time to make this update. gamedev fun!
if update isn't up yet it should be by end of day pacific time!
sadly velocity conf was not to be for me.
we'll have to catch up another time
my thoughts on modern as a format. please keep in mind that i've already heard most ideas to the contrary.
right now my issues with modern are fast mana and phyrexian mana. i think if dredge is good it's a sign of an unhealthy meta
are you concerned about the national debt and our economic future? tweet at hillary clinton to ask for her plan.
wow i'm imoressed. can tweet her economic &amp; nationaldebt plan in 140 characters
you would be a good alpha. but i don't think that'd work well over such a distance.
well then you know what the solution is, right?
so you do believe someone can be trans? then i agree 3/3 which does not happen often with us.
but in my limited experience, this is real. it's rare, but real
just in: weiner traded lewd messages with 15-year-old girl for months: report
like hillary, he is probably denying it until he can reach out to those that cleaned/ smashed her electronic devices
hella debating about this
do it!!!!!!! its a hassle but it will def give you more choices ina future
well done on .
many thanks!
great story. my graduate thesis was on role of verification in ac talks. i love seeing the amazing work on this.
agree - verification needs to be better equipped and developed, not an excuse for "we can't"
congrats boo
thank you babe
i've never had so much paralysis of choice in my life as i have trying to buy a new keyboard/mouse for work
use monoprice! buying computer parts anywhere else is robbery
i just wanted something nice to happen to you because you deserve it and stuff, you silly billy
which means i need to get out of my comfort zone because it's not where i should be anymore
there's a youtube video of me doing musical theatre that has almost 13,000 views. feeling v famous.
is it "musicals that made a difference?"
holy fuck botan!
wearing a top contender for the single greatest look ever worn, both real and fictional
kenneth montgomery drops so many gems . we need a book if you haven't already
maybe one day salute
pwnt having an "imma let you finish" moment.
lol sorry, didn't mean it that way. genuinely curious about criteria/algo. deserved by sui!
beloved san francisco political activist rose pak dies at 68
i dunno anyone who "beloved her" but i respect the fact she owned responsibility for foisting the incompetent mayor lee on us
fran hat will be at kumoricon cosplaying a spoiler from persona 5!
oh wow, it must be tough cosplaying 127 hours of life sacrificed to another fucking dungeon crawl
if quinn wasnt pushing ivy to liam with all that makeup to change, she would seems 100 genuine.
she wasting time by quinn and liam
iran parades new missile with message written on transporter vowing to 'destroy tel aviv'
leadership that apparently thinks of nothing but death and destruction,certainly aided by ready cash from usa to fund terrorists
hows this for, a card bidtch
it's not working, does it have a chip?
historical, documented examples?
seriously? let's see, how about the thousands of years women have been excluded from church leadership? that's one example.
whatever, dude, i don't really keep track of the ages of superheroes. but, apparently, u do - which is disturbing
i'm not the one sexualizing her, i'm the one telling you why it's creepy that you are.
*me walking in crosswalk* *old man on bike almost hits me* me: what are you doing? man: ohhh hoo hoo ~sorry~ *punches d-bag in stupid face*
jk on that last part. not in the mood to rack up more assault charges.
as a developer tools devotee, i would *love* to build or work on an ide at some point in my career.
we have an nyc office that has some development tools work :)
judging from your profile pic, safe to say you're ready, you're ready, you're ready?
always ready
but it's okay for some comedian to call president obama one on live tv
not at all, but was the comedian on the campaign trail? that was my point.
san francisco... is that near darrington?
yes, take the left fork, then dogleg back. you can't miss the cruise ships.
jackson is an 18 y/o qh with navicular looking for a retirement home
what a cutie!
is such a cutie
is such a hot tamale
not necessarily. i encourage you to consider the plight of our brothers and sisters in these nations.
your missing my point i know we are globally oppressed that would be stupid deny i think i said
. but my spock talk is in plaza room b at the same time
and my talk was also at the same time!
jeff-off to the penalty box! ewwwww...too early!
the california contingent was up late last night...
working at is literally the best because everyone takes it very seriously to make sure i am supplied with coffee
that does sound nice. i sometimes force myself to go to the library to code.
this is me in a hand grenade
there is always money in the hand grenade.
hope you are feeling better by now too!
almost healed :) thanks!
nope. unfortunately i got stuff to do
bummer it's good value! $32 ticket for $10. know anyone that's interested?
this wont end well. especially when queric break up. it will be huge mess!
please break up already
cnn is now seen as a hitlarian propaganda wing of the wh that's totalitarianism not democracy
control or dominance of the media is the hallmark of all totalitarian states. like n korea. how we doin'?
is there a way to tell i'm happily married and not interested in all the fake bride trash?
tweet more about your wife? haha wait nvm they'll retarget you w/ more wife ads
i missed you afterwards!
so sorry i had to dash! you were terrific! can't wait for tomorrow evening.
jesus changes everything~he makes all things new :)
create in me a clean heart, o god, and renew a steadfast spirit within me. psalm 51:10
he says "i guess" like accordingly to all the bs you guys say
you havent listened to any of his music have you? "georgia... bush" "my heart races on" i can keep going lol
now you're just lying.
black lives matter dude. they just do. why is that so hard to admit? do you not believe the lives of black ppl matter?
that doesn't sound too bad, i can't drink this straight though
same but i love it with that
is this the topic for the next one? i'm in!
an official chat title is coming... expect to talk empathy!
if i were not working from home today, the cat would: - be dead of starvation - be trapped in the house because that one door is closed
thank glob you're there the alternative is unthinkable
not necessarily. i encourage you to consider the plight of our brothers and sisters in these nations.
i was simply speaking about the unique experience in america. only a fool would deny we are globally oppressed
muffins are the jorts of breakfast foods.
woah, woah, woah, no muffin slander.
dumb. those can also come from consensual activity.
if you say so:
detroit black radio host pulled from air for being a trump supporter
it's an outrage! if killary is elected all conservatives will silenced or worse!
though i am loathe to insults others, let everyone know this person for who...
i'll send that screenshot out as a general reminder to everyone about this behavior
at the eye specialist again, will be off the computer for the rest of the day so will be a delay on ogtees and twitter replies ttys
how about them yellow tinted glasses uses?
has actually moved heavy-duty truck production back to ohio, while small cars go to mexico.
too bad they could not have added american jobs for an iconic american company! thanks for the update.
it's so much easier to talk than to do... except when you're saying things that reject doing what everybody else is.
sorry, no. saying unpopular things is harder than saying popular things; still easier than actually doing something thoughtful.
anthony weiner is so disgusting. i hope he's charged. no mercy for child predators:
huma is hillary's saudi puppet handler
confirming that have agreement with chase buddinger
nets would be the best team for montiejunas. work your charm with the nets front office mike!
anthony weiner reportedly had months-long sexting relationship with 15-year-old girl
. this guy just doesn't know when to quit.
bummer it's good value! $32 ticket for $10. know anyone that's interested?
i really don't.. if i would have known about this earlier i might have gone
is there a way to tell i'm happily married and not interested in all the fake bride trash?
it's like the amazon ads retargeting me with the same product i *just* bought - no i don't want another
and you thought we just made the gas.
ps...tell your multimillion $ pr company it's "farther", not "further".
america's racism problem never went away. klan hoods have been hiding in plain sight for decades.
see this article from :
so true. i have two book picks on conspiracy theory psychology. a culture of conspiracy by michael barkun. ...
voodoo histories by david aaronovitch is also very good. a few years older.
is there a way to tell i'm happily married and not interested in all the fake bride trash?
show me something complimentary
this wont end well. especially when queric break up. it will be huge mess!
thank please break up
ya know how some people really dislike batman cause they can break down his power fantasy into component parts which are awful?
that's how i feel about danny on game of thrones
i need more than 140 chars to explain. realtime, complete list of user devices, speed datas just to name a few...
david.com, send your thoughts :)
please name one thing hrc has done for children. just one. that she did herself. can't do it can you.
i can name plenty, but based on your tweet attitude....i don't have to w/ you. enjoy your day!!!
today is admit you were wrong day on lets go!
i haven't been wrong about anything so i can't participate
wtf rayray was awesome game 1??? please explain
he's out for the season with a torn pectoral muscle.
damn this artificial bokeh looks good:
my mindset about apple is slowly shifting. from hopes of awesome speeds and screens to hopes of a dslr in my pocket.
donald trump has a paid-maternity-leave policy, it's just "not written down" yet:
not written down yet? how long has he been in business?
karen (.), an inspiring entry for folks to familiarize themselves w/ research [&amp; person!] of...
stay tuned! we just interviewed for our podcast. will be posting monday!
there's a men version
who says i don't like a gigantic swooping neckline?
flex to the left, throw some money outcha hands
do the john waaaall
thanks for your follow successwithteamwork!
we look forward to future projects with +her incredible team! teamwork makes the dreams work
, , and others may be free from the european oppressor's rule. sure but isn't unique. that's all i'm saying.
there are nuances with every scenario they have their uniqueness and america has theirs i'm not saying anyone has it worst
i'm gonna tell my grandkids that i have had 20000 people wait for me while i pooped.
probably had a donation come through as one dropped. food for thought.
ahhhh yes. good ol qualitative, social justice "research."
damn right. academically rigorous. my assistant was a doctoral candidate now a professor. open your mind, learn something
but i can't even get a text back
maybe if you started mcdonald
we keep the review process very fair. the guest and host are both given 14 days to review thank you.
that's not true. i received 1 today &amp; i'm not allow to do the same. i'm very disappointed with this situation
.: "we're supposed to now take in 100k+ people &amp; think it's all going to work out well? i think ppl a...
where are all these people going to live ?? money? jobs ? usa does not have enough for vets and homeless???
refugees are human beings whose misery created in part by inhumane, shortsighted u.s. adm, which trump would copy.
jennifer,are u saying trump would copy obama/hilry refugee program?? keep it together jennifer
i'm pretty sure i'm reading about brangelina just as a neurotic distraction from the horrors of the shootings of innocent black men &amp; trump.
i can't stand it when they ask us to "respect their privacy." they didn't say that during the wedding. we own them! morebradjolina!
q2: how do you primarily find out about new shows? subway promos? traditional ads? online marketing? pre-roll on youtube videos?
a2. i generally find out about new shoes through social media and sometimes ads on tv.
what. is. this? a pro/con list about "is slavery always bad?" is bad enough and to make it worse the answers are s...
dude who posted it said he goes to a xtian college &amp; its part of a project. pick a global issue must have biblical context.
lucia and aubrey have replaced angela with an adorable dog? tonight at genghis cohen! 9pm!
is that the banj?!?
voodoo histories by david aaronovitch is also very good. a few years older.
what i like about the other book, a culture of conspiracy, is it's from 2013.
amelikites no longer exist. earth is populated. but homos are still around. some is relevant some isnt. fuck off
still an ignorant, racist,bigoted, homophobic little piece of shit i see, tweeting from your parents' basement.
had baylor beaten a good power 5 team in nonconference in 2014, they probably would have gotten in over ohio state.
maybe so...but they also would have gotten in had they run the table
it's just one random guy
i wonder if he'll get an agent now. agent: we can pitch you as a black panther election observer. get you on fox. interested?
i posted 3 photos on facebook in the album "op-ed art"
that page showed well then pop-up came: to see more from luba lukova on facebook, log in or create an account.
with making news, talks how unethical banking creates profits at the cost of a slap on the w...
great information!
i am so done. if you disagree with what i say about bigotry, get out. if you disagree with the way i say it, please follow the first group.
the only people mad about this are the people who never listen when anyone speaks soft. we're hurting, we're angry, we're sad.
what's hilarious is that you're desperate to peg me as histrionic, while fanatically trying to win my approval.
i don't need or want your approval. this is practice
.: "i don't believe that somehow the refugee policy is going to be that major in striking [...
they can live with you clinton
q2: known for main street charm and mom + pops, where is your favorite small town? why?
a2 chatanooga tn!
but snapchat is better lol
negative. you'll see
a ground stop is in place at due to volume / compacted demand
a ground stop for is no longer in effect
wait wut??
he was at twitter for a meeting and i shamelessly asked for a selfie
nah not sarcasm i didn't know they combined their name that's weird is it for like a movie or some hollywood shit?
she filed for divorce and everyone is freaking out
yoo was i the only one that just felt the earth shake!? felt like another bomb had went off in queens and leveled the block son wtf was that
nah i gotta move outta new york b i can't fuck wit these terrorists
she's been directly related to the white house for nearly 25 years, is the country better now? be honest to yourself.
yes, it is. it's on record. my life is better. i have been blessed. enjoy your day jeff....
how? a compliment to someone isn't a shot at someone else. : lol, did you just take a shot at us?
if the shoe fits, bro
the only people mad about this are the people who never listen when anyone speaks soft. we're hurting, we're angry, we're sad.
if you don't know why, you haven't been listening, if you haven't been listening, you don't care. you just don't care.
i'm with her tambien
boom. new campaign slogan.
blessings to your new endeavors, get yours outchea
thank you love.
i wish it was only hillary that merited distrust but the evil we face is systemic and she is only a part of it.
the whole government..
thank you! we need more guys like you on the forefront.
everybody gotta do their part
nyc/nj: want to know who these men are. they are possible witnesses who can help in the investigation
maybe that's why times square had to be evacuated today. they're finishing the plan.
obviously can't hold candidate responsible for every supporter. but would be nice if trump campaign disavowed this.
would be nice if hilry called carlos danger "deplorable"
trump runs a business. that is a good thing. and, all politicians pander. part of the job description.
enjoy your day!
killing "unarmed man with his hands in the air this is unbearable &amp; needs to be intolerable
its outrageous
sad isn't it, that this election is bringing out the worse in america? we all deserve better..hence our support of
it is. it sometimes brought out the worst in me since i shouted at hrc and trump supporters for calling me stupid
what i like about the other book, a culture of conspiracy, is it's from 2013.
the 2nd edition is from 2013, so it talks about the birthers and other conspiracies. both good books.
i need specific scenes of people with shrinks or having overt mental illness moments, on any tv show, ever. mute me if you want to escape!
felicity and dr. toni pavone, first appears in mid-season two. my favorite tv shrink.
is it a thing that some people just never come in to work again without letting any of the employers know?
yeah. it's a shitty form of quitting.
protesters stare down officers one holding a sign "it was a book" family claims the man police killed had a book, n...
amazing coverage of the protests. can we use your photo with attribution on a news package we're doing for social?
my mindset about apple is slowly shifting. from hopes of awesome speeds and screens to hopes of a dslr in my pocket.
in another 5 years how much of a dslrs function could be faked with tech. cool to think about.
omg. the rear projection tv! my best friend in grade school had one, and it was amazing compared to our boring crts at home.
this was in reference to last night's halt and catch fire.
how are you gonna tell me what i said? don't "he said, she said" my own tweets
so what the fuck did you say then?
me at the palace of fine arts theatre in san francisco. double decent! photo by .
spencer! how long will you be in san francisco? i go to san francisco state university
still got some nino in my blood...
nino with that hi tech cellular phone. and today is good topless driving weather.
"the flyers su-" [gets pelted with batteries, snowballs, and ed snider memorial bracelets]
/goes back in time to get young 'rocky' to beat you up
here's an evidence photo of the bruising delaney robinson suffered from alleged sexual assault (per her atty)
"dumb. those [strangulation marks on neck] can also come from consensual activity."-quote:
jk on that last part. not in the mood to rack up more assault charges.
jk again. i only have murder charges. ... you know, for murdering the competition in da game of lyfe, sonnnn!
"you can take any system, no matter how complex, and make it much much better than it is today." -mark zuckerberg
thx for tweeting this!
there's all kinds of creative ways to tell people about veganism, not just one "approved approach".
so how she went about it is okay? thats insanity lmao
that's because the majority of crime is committed by black people.
um, no. not overall. murder yes, mostly each other. almost every other category = white men lead, per fbi crime data.
tweet said trump supporters are racist. that's true for both sides, but gop gets the bad rap every time
i think it'd be pretty tough to listen to what he says and support him if you're not somewhat racist.
making this my avi so people get an accurate representation of what they're gonna get if they decide to become friends with me
where do i sign up?
and now here's mark.
"can we cure all diseases in our children" mark zuckerberg
lighting to die for. iphone 7 - midnight via
not shot on iphone...
right, ? denise did a great job on that...and it's not expensive to do what she did. just a little imagination!
i can pass on seeing another traditional farmhouse style laundry room - something like this is design to the max!
i honestly believe the fed is so stuck they just stick with what's working. at some point you have to ask...how is the economy better?
come on now. they aren't going to make a move until after election.
inspired by and for breaking the mold!
thanks guys! it's an honor.
slowly starting to really like country music. don't judge me.
country music is the best so it's okay
tort your friend
ummm sry don't recognize u
if you don't know why, you haven't been listening, if you haven't been listening, you don't care. you just don't care.
it's such a slap in the face to see this stuff from friends. if a friend called you hurt and crying, wouldn't you listen?
cld someone w a budget/staff please start writing about the fact that in us-israeli arms deals (most of) the $ comes back to us arms indus?
agreed! hugely important missing piece of most analyses. been hoping someone would write it
i didnt even think of holiday inn,thank u!! fyi, love ur show and that u are as obsessed w/ as me.
thank you!!!!
this cold is so weird, my jaw hurts so bad from all the pressure in my head that i feel like pulling me teeth out
this happens to me every time i get sick...i know when it's about to happen bc my jaw starts to hurt
car no matter what you think, yeah?
i spent a year in la with no car. it was painful.
the winning team! winner of excellence award 2016 - opn program solution:
congratulations to the team
this is college level work?! i'd flunk a 9th grader for this. the "reasoning" is awful.
pray for today's youth girl.
q2: how do you primarily find out about new shows? subway promos? traditional ads? online marketing? pre-roll on youtube videos?
a2. i generally find out about new shows through social media and sometimes ads on tv.
maybe there's secretly burrowing humans. mole people or whatever
hell, who am i to say theres not
you've always got a space in our office! :-)
ok i'll bring my cat.
that's sad shit ain't it
it came with a photo
"dumb. those [strangulation marks on neck] can also come from consensual activity."-quote:
i don't know about u , but strangulation marks don't look to be from consensual activity.
perhaps it's my background in legacy, but i like the idea of older formats showcasing a few design mistakes.
i play more legacy than modern, the difference to me is legacy has a way easier time punishing people for over reaching.
when your best friend helps you persuade your mom to get a dog ..everyday
she has to give in soon
the fuck? if he didn't like bush then we have something in common
there more to the song than just the title brethren, i suggest you do more research before you post stuff to fit your narrative
what do you call it when you do something not on your to do list, then you add it to your list just so you can scratch it off?
reward-conditioning, i think. important skill.
do you ever notice how trump only brings out omarosa when he 'needs' a black sidekick? never see her otherwise.
think he stores omarosa in the same man-size vault melania is hiding in?
nyc/nj: want to know who these men are. they are possible witnesses who can help in the investigation
i wonder if a scare was the reason the green&amp;red lines were halted yesterday.it wld be great to be told the truth
you're not a proponent of any kind of justice, can it with the delusions of grandeur, you fraud.
you're such an angry white guy. what's your problem? google my name. my work has improved the lives of millions of people
some pictures i took of tonight
these photos are really powerful. can we use them with attribution as part of our news package for social media? great job!
excited to announce that i'm joining the cast of ! on nbc!
what did you sing for your 16 bar audition cut?? / where is the video?
i smell desperation no hashtag needed thinks icann is better off deciding free speech
i would let this skittle in no extreme vetting needed, dude gets it!
but here we go again - republicans are threatening to shut down the gov in days unless we ban disclosure of corporate political spending.
i wonder what they are so afraid will come out, like the sales receipts to their souls, perhaps??? ...
accidentally swallowed a piece of my hair on monday and it's still stuck at the back of my throat. if you need me i'll be laying in traffic.
at least it's your own
cueto said it felt like a crab was biting his groin. what a free agent addition.
the next question should have been 'do you have experience with this sort of thing?'
don't need a katt williams situation on ur hands
they were much bigger
someone buy my tickets to the chainsmokers tonight
hey are they still avail
i think you already did
documentation is needed
it's such a slap in the face to see this stuff from friends. if a friend called you hurt and crying, wouldn't you listen?
if a friend said they were in pain and angry, wouldn't you care? if not, fine. but don't pretend we're cool.
i will be starting as soon as i can chase away from the monitor! :-)
. that's because i had too much awesomeness to show.
move my entire pack to san jose? that'd be very expensive.
just sayin. a group of gay computer nerds basically describes 80% of the bay area.
aren't these valid questions? have you seen video before of traffic stops turned into shots at police? they can't take chances
isn't that apart of cop? they're supposed to put others before themselves, before they can assess risk they're just shoot?
happening today! meet us at the library! details in the graphic!
i'd love to, it'd be a dream come true but i'm at my current job, is there anyway i can schedule a meeting?
move my entire pack to san jose? that'd be very expensive.
several of us in a house, get engineering jobs at the places nearby. boom.
you're not a proponent of any kind of justice, can it with the delusions of grandeur, you fraud.
in the meanwhile, you're on twitter bitching at &amp; harassing people who don't share your questionable opinions
no one has ever said that though... about me being a stripper lol it was funny though
first time for everything...lol
ladies, if you're looking for a way to get guys to leave you alone while you're walking down the street, just start carrying a clipboard.
i hate when they bring the clipboard on the first date.
"can we cure all diseases in our children" mark zuckerberg
can we cure all diseases in our children's lifetime? asks zuckerberg. hopes that yes.
their statement contended that she was at a party, drank, became incapacitated, was sexually assaulted. they haven't said more
she would've had to have been unconscious in order to be "incapacitated" from alcohol.
search earthquake on the search bar and see if anyone is tweeting about it lmao
yoo i'm not bugging. others here felt it too!
hugs sis! how are you?
super duper how r u ??
literally inspires me to become a level 100 multitasker
can't wait to see your bitchass friday
there is a fan in sanfran who dms them locations they want cava to open up nearby. totally doing this w/ in nyc.
you scout'em out, we'll do the rest
yasiel puig is giving madison bumgarner his very own shirt. ...
sorry ass dryers..lol
he was trying to make the point that we need to teach kids how to code, because code is the future, not playing music i guess.
i work in silicon valley. there's no music except for big and/or expensive venues for big names. sf is too far.
i'll agree that it's incredibly cynical. but you can't claim that it is false. it might be. but it might be true.
then i'll claim it, since i'm the friend. it's false.
the of win content marketers of the year for keeping their brand in the spotlight almost year...
congrats to the team, well deserved!
loaded question. nice. great indicator of your intellectual honesty. why not ask me when i stopped beating my wife?
more appropriately if you stopped
a smart version of youtube without ridiculous term and no drama on it
referring to kingdom hearts 2 but that too
send in the clown: internet supervillain milo yiannopoulos doesn't care that you hate him
he is not a joke. he's a monster and a threat to our community. why give him a platform?
you're alive!
i was phoneless!
let's make jumping pictures together. will be at the red tunnel 6:50pm today. it will give us 20 min to jump :)
i will try to make it!
anybody feel there house shake in vs?
yo that shit happened to me too
the is perhaps the most corrupt 'foundation' we have ever seen --- so the media goes after donald trump's foundation.
wounded warruors and red cross
it was the henry street (brooklyn city) armory, demolished in 1930. the 13th regiment moved to the sumner armory in 1894
thanks. never knew there was an armory in brooklyn heights at the corner of henry street and cranberry.
i'd love to, it'd be a dream come true but i'm at my current job, is there anyway i can schedule a meeting?
also, i have experience in the industry as a budtender and believe its my passion to provide customer service to patients in need!
it's alive!
any new info on final release date? has been postponed multiple times until now.
allo dead on arrival. no body wants or needs this.
yeah, especially didn't enjoy the 2010 facebook style injection spam when trying to send a message to someone :/
no i don't work at the apple store i just enjoy wearing all black.
nerds.. all over the effin place.
their statement contended that she was at a party, drank, became incapacitated, was sexually assaulted. they haven't said more
strangulation seems to be the means by which the rapist controlled her.
h&amp;m has cheap all those things
they look pretty cleaned out on sweaters right now.
gday ws and all
hello my brother hi fam
cool, i just ordered a pack. eldrazi vs something
that one looks pretty fun. shadows over innistrad block is really excellent as well. looking up dbt
hi livvie! i'm on vacation. lake house!
wow herman, iz yu weelly on dat boat wif mamma?gud hebbens!
u kno what they say "always play easy mode"
wow, you and i have the same life coach, apparently
strangulation seems to be the means by which the rapist controlled her.
unless she was unconscious, alcohol is inconsequential in this case.
sincerely contemplating how difficult it would be to change my career to be a broadway star right this minute
but also not underestimating the talent/ hard work of actual actors
dont want to waste my skill earl manigault, known as the goat,when he jump he float,prob better than jordan but didnt hav the heron antidote
i gota me better than wack miller
love it! first time there?
definitely not the first, but it was for my boyfriend. we loved it! i took some great shots (-:
what is your proof he didn't?
. the fact i've looked into extensively and been unable to verify it and found contradicted claims....
i am enjoying my day more because you can't name one thing hrc has done 4 kids. no one seems to be able to
i actually can, but i'm not going to debate w/ you. you have your candidate, i have mine. have a nice day
she would've had to have been unconscious in order to be "incapacitated" from alcohol.
drunk women are not 'incapacitated'.
my boy got suspended for having flags on his truck? norco high admins are a joke.
your catchphrase on the flag g
then the body guard came back w/ one of the most swift kidney shots i've ever seen and walked away after
forreal a good shot to the kidney
oh, josh norman plans to follow beckham wherever he lines up on sunday? (except the slot?) big day coming for obj.
if you could run an unbiased account for even just a day, i would be astonished.
jfc it shouldn't be this hard to find a good purple suit online
that's an oxymoron
melvin says davis is still under the weather. unsure if a pinch hit possibility but doesn't sound too likely.
sounds like me today lol! hopefully a fun game for you to watch and cover this afternoon!
why were u so close to them vernon?
the cops were standing right there i didn't think it was about to pop off
counting down the hours until tonight. last week was just too good.
i've been a loyal fan from beginning of ahs on fx and i can honestly say the start of season 6 wasn't the best
lmfao how many times
tooooo many
got two tickets to bon iver's aphex twin period tour
which night
if a friend said they were in pain and angry, wouldn't you care? if not, fine. but don't pretend we're cool.
so if you think we'd do better speaking sweetly and softly, i point you to the fact that you didn't hear me then. maybe you hear me now.
literally every day he gains 10 pounds
kind of sad i missed his early teen stage - he's practically college aged now
oh, lol, of course i didn't get it, don't play it
missing out
are your employees engaged? the cost of companies losing valuable people can be as high as $188 billion per year.
yeah, wedding prep can be a real distraction from productivity.
that's not even what's offensive. look at boy jean jacket. its bedazzled.
the jacket type fye not gunna lie
my mind is open, not so much that my brain has fallen out, like you.
yawn. typical white guy tactic: result to insults (typically about looks) &amp; name-calling in lieu of facts or ideas
update: still haven't found my remote. we still off these random viceland episodes.
update: found my remote. my dog got to it. looks like it's viceland forever now.
we have a mouse problem right now and last night i wish i caught it with my bare hands and killed it
it turned out to be a mouse???
this election cycle is crazy
this feels very katie holmes vs. tom cruise circa 2012.
i'd fail the fuck out of her
straight up
he got it wrong because he injected his opinion into the data. that's punditry.
yeah, but he recognized it and recanted... like that's exactly what he's not doing now so i'm confused?
a1) we injected style in this with gray cabinetry and gray w/d a2) went with here for big...
i love this! is everything!!!
ancient words about the seasons of our lives: "a time to weep, a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance" truly timeless.
and a time to mutilate with a effin frappuccino
it's in shield games hub, right under featured :) we just had check for ya!
i'm seeing it.
what would you do to me if you made me your bitch for the night?
put you in a leather harness, a collar and a jock, attach a leash to the collar. you would remain on all fours..
we apologize for any inconvenience - did you have a question that maybe we could answer?
and if you try to call them it's the same thing
this is horrifying and amazing
"what makes you think she has aids?" "way her husband used to be" "so you think bill had aids. how.." "prob messing around w/ magic johnson"
dusty also said harper couldn't throw when he was out with the neck issue, so if he said shoulder it was "mistake" and that is why.
and here i thought it was only the front office who lies!
people are starting their first day of college and i'm having my first exam today
my first class is tomorrow..
please note that the call centre is temporarily unavailable. we will inform you when services resume. we apologize for the inconvenience.
still waiting for the study permit. please make it quick so i can start school on time.
what do you call a sausage party when it's all old white guys? a pink salami party?
vienna sausage party.
would anyone buy this for $3?
make the background black and i'll buy
so if you think we'd do better speaking sweetly and softly, i point you to the fact that you didn't hear me then. maybe you hear me now.
i am not on the side of your comfort. i am on the side of the folk fighting for their lives. if you want to join us, we have good food.
sigh. its from a classroom.
trump u classroom?
"describe yourself as three fictional characters"
looked at this tweet, didn't know it was yours and was about to tag you lmao
a train ride away
lmfao a lirr train away!
on the latest , the kiriakis men unite against the villains.
why have deimos here, still haven't cleared that bo kidnapping &amp; his death? wth??? he's still a villain. you guys are idiots.
nobody negotiates a deal like you
give me $20 and i'll find someone who can!
i'm so tempted to gooooo
give into temptation
johnson might make this race a very easy one for hillary.
i would guess the more rational folks in ne who would vote gop go to him but in other parts hrc losing some to him...
learn it, live it....love it.
and own up to it
and all super hot just like you with that attitude
you're the best. i miss you. i love you.
it's more disrespectful to call the president one and have him laugh about it. both wrong in my opinion though
both are wrong, but i'm white and my black friends used to call me that as a term of endearment....i didn't return the greeting
me too lol going to scare these people at the office .
lmao you were playing either haha. i'm going to get all in the mix rn as well. have traders saying bankhead
coach chip kelly: blaine gabbert is not solely to blame for accuracy issues (54.9 completion pct.).
i'm telling you put kap in before its too late
going on my 4th year of my kinesiology degree and still couldn't spell exercise on the first try if my life depended on it.
i literally have to write it out 3 times before getting it right
i was questioning if i should (sic) that but just seemed formal for twitter.
here's dustin hoffman teaching warren beatty how to say schmuck
you've bowed out with grace; all the best to you, kind sir.
i'm a kind m'am....but it's cool. you and i had a great dialogue. i knew where the other person was going.
a hearty combination
it's so weird to see a waffle cut into individual cells
i will we have so much to do over there
come!!! just not on midterms or finals :)
nice dodge. you're intellectually dishonest. deal with it.
you're an angry white guy. deal with that. bye felicia. i have better things to do.
anthony weiner making plattsburgh state not so proud
you have weiner... my alma mater has bill o'reilly... pick your poison
interesting. cc
thanks so much just mentioned it on the podcast
i feel like you should ask vib rouge members if everything is okay and if they're having problems at home or in their social life
so i just became a vib member things are okay it could be better but its not that bad. yet
was also eyeing the newest deck builders toolkit l, wasn't sure if it's a good value though
if you have cards then the deckbuilders toolkit gives you more options, here's the contents
hillary is very, very sick --&gt; both physically &amp; mentally!
donald trump died years ago.....from syphilis.....this guy is an imposter
horrible way of thinking
idk what that says cuz im blocked but hes a terrible human being anyway
what would you do to me if you made me your bitch for the night?
then feed you my shaft and tease you for a while before sitting down to watch a movie, with you laying down, head on my lap
the fed will cause hyperinflation (2009) --&gt; we are definitely in a recession (2011) --&gt; the fed will never raise rates again (2016)
contacting my attorney re: this copyright infringement ;)
looked at this tweet, didn't know it was yours and was about to tag you lmao
yeah literally who else would it be
nearly 10,000 living people are mistakenly declared as dead each year in the u.s. here's why that's hard to fix
totally amazing.
i read that he may flip for the prosecution.
, guy better have stashed some usb drives with friends as insurance. same lawyer as hillary. ...
been talking to it about this since february. (seems to be purview of cuny central.) maybe &amp;...
what's the prob? you get phished?
the hostility is terrifying
against these? of course. you have to keep them away
this was.. the most deranged thing ive seen
tbh i dont think their his fans i think they just didnt have anything else to do
this has got to be one of the stupidest, most ignorant things i have ever seen in my life.
absolute foolery !
forever killing the sock game
those tough.
"as samantha left to give a black man head, i wondered how was a white man supposed to get ahead in this country?"
"while charlotte awaited her gay at the gate, all i could think about was gamergate."
just curious; do you/others get compensated for guest appearances on pods?
no not at all. i wouldn't take money for them. it's just fun to chat.
wow, that's terrifying! very interesting theory. horrible, but would make sense to him.
it definitely gives him something to talk about and distract from his tax returns.
how bout me :)
**wow** ty dear dabuh 4 explaining all in such wonderful detail. much appreciation dude:-)) r u on ?
could not disagree more about the home button. i love this thing.
agree, i absolutely love the new home button.
same but it's been happening for weeks now :(
. strange! what is going on? someone make an app trying to map every phone number in the us...?
okay, meet me in the trap. it's going down
lol k ill meet u in oakland.
i want to see the sub button,thats my goal.
that's mine as well man. i hope you have a great semester bro, were gonna miss you around the stream
describe yourself in 3 fictional characters.
very into this.
and this is why you don't accept friend requests from strangers... i'm just what?! i'm sweating with anticipation t...
seriously every time i approve a male stranger friend request against my better judgement this happens
i liked last years happy birthday, but thanks bro
i don't have him anymore but i have this.
we need to find some of this.
i just hope they have cookies &amp; cream
was also eyeing the newest deck builders toolkit l, wasn't sure if it's a good value though
you might also look up lots on ebay, you can snag a lot of cards for not a lot of money
wow so it's a conspiracy
well, if you believe the fbi report &amp; the fact that cops are admitted kkk members...
wooooooow lol. that is rich
i dont have a victim mentality yo. im sayin we need common sense policy (ending war on drugs, stop job-killing trade deals, etc.
what would you do to me if you made me your bitch for the night?
finally, tug the leash and guide you to my room before breeding you nice and deep.
he truly turns my stomach. "anthony weiner online sexual relationship with 15-year-old girl" via
he is disgusting !
this is great news. , can you tell us abt any specific gifts that haven't already been reported?
just realized, many non-answers re charity could've included the rounds of golf. but conway said "cuts checks". rules golf out.
now boarding zones 5,6, eagle faced members and fox faced members...
you could call this your thanksgiving dinner surprise, and serve her with the turkey ! ?
is it just me, or is this a very oblique mea culpa on welfare reform, from hillary clinton
omg a tim kaine mention in the news. what underground bunker is he hiding in ?
never mind! bloom was right and has since showed me the light.
glad you got it figured out! say hi to
perhaps it's my background in legacy, but i like the idea of older formats showcasing a few design mistakes.
i think modern rewards aggression too much. it has faster games than legacy often does.
gender: premium naturally aged
gender: horseradish
don't understand theme nights at stadiums -- regardless of the team or the theme.
"you know what would make this soccer better? being in a chewbacca costume." - someone, apparently
the ios 10.1 beta activates iphone 7 plus portrait mode. i had a chance to test it out. it works!...
does it work for foreground too?
i'm at the hackergarten - prepping for session 3pm parc 55 market st room
see you there.
my favorite tweet so far today!
mine, too! have a fabulous (and peaceful) day.
of course you're our daughter
she can be the flower girl
i don't have him anymore but i have this.
now that little fucker is cute
oh lord! i eat this i will have starve for the next week or so to make sure i do not put on more than 10 lbs!!!
yona as the resident foodie what are your thoughts on this concoction?
hillary would never hire a murderer and a man who stole from black people himself as a surrogate. bonehead move!
hillary is a murderer. lol. she is part of the rebel alliance and a tra...
counter: we are one hour away from day 463 of no trump tax returns. rt and spread the word.
- this sums up pretty much what the orange skittle is all about america ... right
last one i read was the big battle with the gotg. so i'm pumped
all the tie-ins are killing my pockets
putting kap in will signify the seasons over. last time i checked theyre 1-1.
gabbert doesn't have it .
hi! the civic center team is sending you a message, now. we wouldn't want for you to be in sf without a jacket!
thanks a lot!!!!
what would you do to me if you made me your bitch for the night?
after which.. hmmm. play the rest by ear. but you'd get at least two more loads that night.
i'll let you touch it tonight when we see you at pinky's. :p
oh thank you you don't have to swap it with mine but i appreciate.
we have joint goals my friend ;-) let's smash it this year
sounds perfect to me brother :) great stream last night brother. so great seeing you on 150 viewers
we are externally and internally lacking of tranquility. although i still close my eyes &amp; envision a better world.
i wrote something off this tweet.
just realized, many non-answers re charity could've included the rounds of golf. but conway said "cuts checks". rules golf out.
before this week, had campaign folk previously referred to charitable giving as "checks," or is that a new detail from them?
tesla is having trouble keeping norwegians happy with 'insane mode'. they say the hp is too low. via
tesla says you can go from 0 to 100 km/h in 3.1 to 3.3 seconds, so what are you complaining about? that really is "insane" acceleration.
isn't the corning museum amazing?
it was absolutely wonderful!
hello. have you looked at a picture of gina torres recently? allow me to help.
my mother looked very much like she does...gorgeous
i ordered swimsuits from them and got expedited shipping and still didn't get them until a month later.
did they email you or anything? pretty sure i got one last time i ordered from them...
she would've had to have been unconscious in order to be "incapacitated" from alcohol.
logically, if she claims she was incapacitated (unconscious), she cannot testify that she remembers "being raped".
i got the corniest sremmlife 2 track on repeat so shameless on this bus ride smh
that album is so good. black beatles on repeat
exactly what i've always wanted. it's just a question of saving to rebuild my own older model or buy a new one right now lol
truuue. but they just look so much meaner. lol
i'm two hours away! having fun?
not really. it's a lot of fucking annoying ppl, heat and walking.
i bet you feel like an idiot. america doesn't need another 'race-baiter-in-chief' you started the riots w this bs....
so why aren't you saying anything hrc about terrence scott who pointed a gun at officers in charlotte and died?
in piece. yes.
sorry i have a chrome plugin that removes urls so i don't have to read the articles ever
when i said don't punch right, i meant it.
no enemies to right. just different comrades. we're all deplorables.
talking with the jazzman about music, megalomania and matters conscience - bono
i just rewatched interview with bono. i didn't think i could admire him more than i have for the last 35 yrs, but i do.
your a san francisco fan enjoy another 4-12
sports r dum
oh that's right can never come close 2 making sense....i forgot lol
exactly hehe
sad to report rapper shawty lo died in a fiery car crash, leaving behind 11 kids
11 kids? ..did they even know he was there father?
let me just @@@@ you in all my tweets
thought we already agreed to do this???
just received these exclusive statements from the jury on who they are voting to win bb18.
please let day repeat those same exact words tonight
one of my favorite professors!!
that's my girl i love the way she teaches!!!
don't worry, she was fired: video of virginia groomer abusing client's dog goes viral
i hope she don't have kids because thats a dog what about if she has kids sickening to watch
okay what's next?
yes! keep em pushing.
just ordered my 2nd pair of boat shoes in two weeks
thanks for shopping with us and being a fan jon!
tesla says you can go from 0 to 100 km/h in 3.1 to 3.3 seconds, so what are you complaining about? that really is "insane" acceleration.
i'm not sure how you would measure the 700 hp they're demanding since the top speed is so low on a tesla model s. only real weakness.
if you can get this stupid "deep" feelings shit out my tl paco
it's about you bruh
nate silver gives trump his best odds of winning yet:
god help us please!
i'm so excited to announce my new denim brand !!!! coming october 18!!
i hope these jeans fit perfectly on us girls w. thick thighs/ big butts so we can all stop suffering
bryce is so horrifically cold right now that when he breaks out, he will literally carry the mets. i'm calling it, jay bruce, nlds mvp.
ooooh, i hope you're so right!
it's difficult being civil when others are rude, however it shows our character, as it reveals theirs. keep being you!
as once said, "you are the first you, not the next anyone"
you can't see it but on the front it says "go noles" on garnet. crazy comfortable
man being nike would be the only thing to make them better.
logically, if she claims she was incapacitated (unconscious), she cannot testify that she remembers "being raped".
so the 'incapacitated' claim will actually hurt her case against the player.
so was studying "music appreciation" in college. at 40 years old. what was his source of income?
go back to where you came from
you relied on nypd to protect ur well being against rowdy teens? smh. you ain't lived in this city long enough.
i'm not sure why you're making this my fault but smd
u know how i'm coming
everytime
oh wow - sultry! sometimes i actually miss high dps... as long as they last only briefly. definitely a big drop coming up.
me too! high dps mean thunderstorms and balmy nights (t-shirt and shorts wx), both of which i miss here in ca
i started with kibgpins heard his was the best. spideys was weak so i dropped it lol
the x-men and inhumans tie-ins are the best in my opinion
hey, i tweeted you!!
it was an out-of-context joke. maybe.
*anthony weiner, 51 sexting a 15 yr old=sexual predator *mohammad, 51 marrying a 6 yr old &amp; raping her when she was 9='messenger of allah'
he fits right in the family!!! him and bill are twins!
got to 250 at one point ;-) we have good times ahead though bro. you, me and
that fires me up man! it's well deserved :) and i hope we all do
if you have not checked out our latest video this is the type of reaction we get
u r so fantastic that i'm sharing your amazing information on our nassau county cert members fb that i manage. u totally rock!!
this is what the new army wants its dss to look like.
but her shriek is most painful....
exclusive: uri avenged, spl forces cross loc; kill 20 terrorists
confirmation from the defense spokesperson?
what do you guys think of our exclusive, "so long"?
it's super groovy, i love it! you guys sound marvelous.
perhaps it's my background in legacy, but i like the idea of older formats showcasing a few design mistakes.
true the fastest legacy decks are faster than modern but most games are longer. fyi i tend to play miracles or sneak and show
throw raising at him
i don't have one hahha
only 3 ft? unbelievable
in fairness, concrete floor
my friggin birthday is in 2 days
i hope you send me that gif
don't forget to when you hear him on the radio! (and follow him too!!)
dont just the old days
i dunno danny- i got burned last time thinking polls were wrong - hope you're right
that's true but this feels like a whole different kind of election. hope i'm right too but not holding breath
if these features are accurate that trap album we wanted might be here
word but im pretty sure its fake, he quoted a fanpage tweet kinda debunking it then deleted it mad quick
feels messy all around
it still normalizes his behavior regardless of their claim that it isnt "their views"
i bet you feel like an idiot. america doesn't need another 'race-baiter-in-chief' you started the riots w this bs....
until you have walked in the shoes of a police officer, shut the fuck up with the criticism.
there are many who despise their own government, until it's their own rights they want protected b...
no donnie. we love that the first a allows us to call out your racist misogynist nonsense.
what song should i cover?
boys to men i'll make love to you
yeah we can't catch him. he's been shitting all in my closet and behind the fridge and stuff. putting traps everywhere.
glue traps. also keep an eye out for more because when there's one, there's usually 7 more smh. good luck though!
mm, 40% of our users are 18+
nice. and american? might be good figures for the press release
the other day i took a selfie on devins sc &amp; right after a girl snapchatted him (unlike most of you i didn't flip out on him)&amp; she wanted
to tell me how good my makeup looks and it genuinely bugs me that girls don't hype up other girls like that
yall aint gonna believe what the white chick in my class decided to present
please tell me you made this up. or that you live in texas.
that time the supremes got back together...thanks for the "conference" &amp; ...
"ain't no trump train loud enough."
do they just call in and say "yeah... i'm not coming back in ever bye." ?
the only times it's ever happened to me, i never got a call from the employee. it was just no call/no show.
statues are built for the explorers not the dwellers
i feel like this is a subtweet directed at my cave-based lifestyle.
ya and i'll marinate it in organic vodka
wrapped in lettuce
our mean princess chelsea to meet with local officials, stop by phone bank while in flint
do these guys look happy to see her????
dramatic personal news: so, after six extremely happy years, this week will be my last week at cnet. *shocked emoji* [1/4]
ces and mwc will never be the same...
my inhouse apps -- this was warned lol oh well
living on the edge =). but since they're ih you can bug ppl to update them ^_^
where has the time gone?! can't believe it's already the finale of tonight!!! who's taking home the 500k?!
if the jury is voting on strictly gameplay then paul should win hands down.
so the 'incapacitated' claim will actually hurt her case against the player.
because 'incapacitation' is mutually exclusive with memory; both cannot be true at the same time.
the bx praise that shit like is top 5
lol facts tho
btig survey of consumers planning trips to disney world: ~46% either canceled trip or decided not to plan trip specifically due to zika $dis
and then we'll hear how strong ticket sales are come eps
happy birthday lars!
happy birthday lars!
probably making a mistake here.
yea u need to stay hydrated
homework is going a lot better than anticipated today
you have no clue how jealous i am! i wish i had my rabbit with me :/
trump campaign manager on clinton's debate approach: "so lengthy" and "so lawyerly" | ap
so fact filled...
just walked past an office where there were 8 people circled around a whiteboard that just had "25 dogs" written on it
waiting for someone to start a meeting, we just projected image search results of goats and stood around looking very thoughtful.
join next week to hear my good friend and wiz-bang consultant talk cookbook patterns.
wiz-bang is going into my c.v.
attract soccer moms
having kids sounds weird. count us out
this story is way crazier than i expected it to be and that's saying quite a bit
im screaming people are sick
the only times it's ever happened to me, i never got a call from the employee. it was just no call/no show.
i imagine if something happened to the person you might hear from the family. or you can give them a call + leave a message
i have yet to know how or when to use this
what?! it's amazing. i left my debit card at home and i paid for my meal with my phone
don king, "he will lead us to the promise land." ...
a---m---e----n!!! go
that animal picture... it did not work, probably i am going blind
it is a giraffe!.. keep the pic very close to your nose and then slowly move it back... once you see it you cant unsee it!!
i'm not sure how you would measure the 700 hp they're demanding since the top speed is so low on a tesla model s. only real weakness.
if tesla added a second high-speed gear to the model s, like a bmw i8 or something, it could go really fast. as it is, it's fast enough.
i do try to be very present. i'm just learning not 2 be so emotionally affected nothing is forever. good or bad, ups and downs
yes!!! that's so true, sometimes we dwell too much on things. we gotta remember to push on.
stop i literally just told chelsea i'm booking a trip to iceland for january
no way! who are you going with
[will every single atypi member reply individually?]
[it was intended to do so.]
lrt; feel like all my ff buddies don't really play anymore ;; if folks wanted to raid semi casual i'd be up to trying to set something up
i need to move a character back to greg... but i doubt i'd have any time to try to do something regularly =\
well i'm for that. i just watched a documentary about a man doing 13 years for a fcn joint
a lot of problems can be solved with those two things tbh. baltimore, chicago, and detroit are an effect of failed policy
it's a beautiful city. very walkable and also very touristy (with all the historical stuff you'd expect that)
if you tell me you're also going to naples i don't know if we can be friends anymore....
when you want to make tacos for breakfast but you have questions and mom doesnt answer her phone so you gotta call grams
how could you have questions about making tacos ?????
my column on writing a book so unpopular, libraries don't want it.
for the record: i bought it when it came out and have not sold it on any secondary markets yet.
awesome watching jp speak about an excellent product (about 53 mins in)!
thanks for sharing!
hey , this is one of the millions of children you compared to a poisoned skittle today:...
- and dumb donnie jr, here is an extension of what your father is in relation to the skitt...
btig survey of consumers planning trips to disney world: ~46% either canceled trip or decided not to plan trip specifically due to zika $dis
and then we'll hear how strong park attendance was come eps $dis
it's just the patience i lack
be like danielson! lol
trump says he understands african americans have been discriminated against and he wants to make it right
come to jesus moment (now that i need you...)
it's so cool that youre so interactive with fans of the show! i didnt think this many people would be noticed. especially me.
thank you! we'll keep in touch as much as we can
q2: how do you primarily find out about new shows? subway promos? traditional ads? online marketing? pre-roll on youtube videos?
i cut the cord, so no commercials for me. i find new shows via social media and entertainment blogs.
i assume every baseball player is a republican until told otherwise and make fun of schilling extra hard to make up for it
every ball player likes randy jackson too
because 'incapacitation' is mutually exclusive with memory; both cannot be true at the same time.
she was either not incapacitated &amp; thus can remember, or she was incapacitated &amp; thus cannot remember.
q3: what are your current viewing habits? watch when it airs? catch up later with dvr/hulu or just wait till you can binge?
a3. for sports, , &amp; , i watch it live. any other shows, i record it via dvr or watch it online through apps
q3: what are your current viewing habits? watch when it airs? catch up later with dvr/hulu or just wait till you can binge?
a3: i don't always have time to watch live or dvr, so i binge-watch on . plus, i get impatient...
. if u think analytical philosophy is the only correct thing that has ever existed, more power to u my man.
also there is no proof of rocks on mars. it's smooth like a swimmer's ball sack
followers are fading. that tends to happen when you refuse to ignore injustice or dwell in fantasy 24/7/365.
come hang out with me. the only fantasies i deal with are sports related. and i know you have the same issue.
every ball player likes randy jackson too
and randy travis
i have always sought to escape the ways of this world. to stay in awe forever. to keep my soul in tact. yes, i may...
not insane, matt. peace can be elusive.
i just hate being lost and late to wherever i'm going. that's when i'm stressed the most
it would be dope if you had a device that you could put in a place and it gave you directions. lol
don king drops "the n-word" during introduction of trump:
deplorable!
holy mother of disingenuous there.
i remember robin saying this.
i'd like to loop in my associate
does he need info too, there are more tweets in this thread
what about next weekend lol
im not sure yet
or: saying something that might trigger progress is better than serving mostly yourself making something rote.
it's also ok for different people to have different priorities.
she was either not incapacitated &amp; thus can remember, or she was incapacitated &amp; thus cannot remember.
she can't have it both ways. she can't claim to have been unconscious, yet also claim she remembers being raped.
this must be why they left him out of the voting...
haha guess so :p (again i'm truly thankful they did)
well i'm for that. i just watched a documentary about a man doing 13 years for a fcn joint
this is a bipartisan issue, not a democrat or republican issue. both played a hand in creating this
don't we have enough to worry about? ok fine, what's now? save the sand.
that most of us aren't nearly worried enough about the future is the crux of the problem.
empty train cart can only mean 2 things: either the ac is not working or someone is stinking the shit up.
which was it
police are insisting that was armed, even as family says he was not
wait. does that matter in an open carry state. am i missing something??
he might have a really good reason. some things just don't sound good on vinyl/pressing plants backed up
maybe that true, but the pressing plants are definitely backed up i hate that lol
targeting state laws to deny black voters is perversely undemocratic. must ask candidates how they w...
...i stay in murderers row. 2944 mlk jr way 94703. come visit. u scared? it's only human ?
ah i see you did your own research- not! little msm 3-5 word talking hit points! never a racist!
yeah i interviewed trump personally he said he was a total racist dosnt get why everyone's upset
john kirby: our goal is to admit 85,000 refugees in 2016 |
black americans are congregated in our largest cities ! hillary, open borders, anthrax, pressure cookers !?!?.
so when don king endorsed obama in 08, he was cool, but now he a murderer and thief? lol
he is a low life thug dressed like a pimp..
but not needing the waterproof enclosure condom thing on the new hero 5 is super sweet
how's the audio recording sound? the waterproof case muffled sound on the older models.
"i'm not running to be president of the world, i'm running to be president of the united states." ...
then you should try learning about it.
figured as much
as soon as i saw drake i could tell
yep sure i'm on route state side too. for me. yep your welcome anytime to our studio on
have a good one, hope you had a good show today.
omg!! yes i heard that. no idea what it was!!!
i thought i was going crazy!
omfgfgskfkdj is performing at my next show for i can't wait
rsvp here to see me in tomorrow's show
ugh! car shopping is hard... blah.
it doesn't have to be - we'd love to help make it easier for you!
their statement contended that she was at a party, drank, became incapacitated, was sexually assaulted. they haven't said more
her statement has a major flaw in it. if she sticks with that, i see the accused possibly going free.
jesus fucking holy christ i am actually seeing red right now
i felt physically ill.
here we are !
. you guys are too freaking cute!!! so sad to have missed this...
i hope you understand the subjective nature of your position.
i do. i have tried to add think and wants to all my tweets but character limits. i hope you understand that.
happy birthday
thank you so much!
trying to make chelsea come with me lol
that'd be crazy lmao definitely convince her, so much to do &amp; see there
when will the bloodshed stop? the epidemic of police violence against people of color is an outrage.
...it my troll lets this thru, i stay in murderers row 2944 mlk jr way 94703. come visit
i imagine if something happened to the person you might hear from the family. or you can give them a call + leave a message
i've also seen someone leave for their lunch break and never come back lmao
same thanks babe you too
when we're not sick anymore, i'll come see you
she probably felt judged so hard by you. poor girl she just wanted to be supportive
i didn't say anything to her &amp; she can be supportive just don't wear the same shit everyday. monday through wednesday is weird
donald trump says he's "very, very troubled" by oklahoma police shooting
and i am very, very troubled by trump
your mom is so hot i can't
thank you!
why wait? you can break free now and start this friendship check this out: *valeriep
because to go out from it's a big conflict they are cheating on my with a item which they told me was free and it's not.
i'm part of this. alexa is on the verge of refusing to set anymore timers for me, i can feel it.
my 2.5 years old says "set timers" to her imaginary apple watch
smh i can't believe the teacher even allowed that.
someone should have tackled her.
greatest show of all time being prepared right now. tune in to 98.7 espn ny and yes at 3 pm to see if i'm lying.
see you at 3 kay would not miss it for the world best show in ny
that's a shame cause u missed an interesting night at the gym
i went this morning at 730, what happened ?
omg i need it
i have had it for months now, but my video card isn't good enough and it won't rum and it's maddening
not sure what to make of this one...
if you don't like whats being spoken about you can just leave! go back to where you came from!!
imagine if racism was treated the same way as terrorism in the good ole u.s.a?
imagine if we (and maybe amnesty international) realized the brand of racism that u.s. police departments practice is terrorism.
keep being fool! she's on video wkkk "mentor" she wants blacks 2 heed on video etc whose the racist
yeah that's why drumpf is supported by the sounds good and isis
i feel like your snapchat said other wise
haha i actually borrowed friend's wrk phone bc i smashed it day 0 of but obvi still needed snaps
think about the impact of securing the border and stopping the drug trade at the source. that's what i'm about.
i look at if we legalize marijuana, we can cut into the drug trade. and we can also stop disproportionately locking up blacks
redditor says he's consulting with financial company that keeps "pretty much everything" on evernote....
why is this surprising? evernote's been trying to do enterprise for years.
"judge rules that rose accuser must reveal her name publicly" via app:
is it because it is civil? i guess i should read it first. be right back
maybe it's better if nobody can see my tweets
do you delete tweets? if not, im seeing whole threads where im replying to nothing/talking to myself (i searched for our convos)
happy birthday to this great man. he definitely deserves a spot in the school board. make sure you register to v...
thank you danny! i appreciate the support. it's because of students like you is what motivates me to run for school board.
all life forms will temporarily increase, then diminish, then cease a behavior that gets no reaction. don't weaken my dogma.
problem is, while it's possible for the content creator to ignore them, they will still harass community members.
oh boy. what happened this time? seriously, the twitter trends thing has become the scariest part of my screen
sexting with a teen see daily mail
the list of gop lies and false attack ads in this campaign is getting pretty long...
- basically and trump are not good for america
they should be better qualified to do that than i am!
yah, but she's a lady in distress, perhaps being neglected by greatclips
if ever becomes dad, will his joke level increase to a point of criticality causing him to spontaneously combust?
we will find out soon
is your current lease finishing up?
yes and to continue our lease it is an additional $800/month. plus half the building is under construction.
yeah ok he said that! lol
honey boo-boo keys he totes said it.
she picks and chooses who she wants to respond to. telling us to get a hobby but she arguing right back
yeah, because her and her husband lack brains.
i have a 7cd razormaid boxset thats worth a ton of money
i have had that in my "wanted" list for a lonnggg time
it's quite beyond description how much i love my bestfriend
the heart emoji suffices
i saw this on facebook this morning, it did make me laugh
this is so funny - i saw it too
sanctus - a new fashion editorial shoot w/ ana dari. full set available to view here: enjoy...
lovely! what is that site built on?
i hope you understand the subjective nature of your position.
in the end the biggest differences i see between legacy and modern is modern seems to have more questions than answers
still can't accept this. i mean, i didn't ask for anything, and i haven't done anything to deserve it.
so clean bro.
happy birthday
thank you!!!
. from a teacher in
it is a disaster. forget buying a home...many bartend or drive at night to teach our kids
@ people who are embarrassed about telling their friends they love them: why?? say it as much as you can. we all need more love.
exactly! all the love to everyone all the tim
do you delete tweets? if not, im seeing whole threads where im replying to nothing/talking to myself (i searched for our convos)
like this! but maybe you just delete replies and im an idiot lmao
we're in the early development stages with apple to enable homekit for future generations - stay tuned! :)
sweet. i really want those lights now! but i don't want to wait! tell me what i should do, all knowing kuna!
former rams qb ryan fitzpatrick is afc offensive player of the week.
former every nfl team qb.
americans are dying. pigment of skin doesn't matter. american people matter.
we're no longer friends
poster 1969 san francisco musical w/oscar brown jr &amp; ted lange muhammad ali was in it on broadway
text from "what do you want me to fight?" at w/link to survey
same time period?
if only that worked for music associations
did you preserve the really creepy-ass fanfic based on the barney wolfenstein mod
it's on the floppy
*commences celebratory twerk* yessssss!! proud of you!
thank you!!
nope something strange is happening with my account.
yeah didn't get notification for this. also weird:
joakim soria is tied for third in baseball in blown saves with seven. he is tied with former royals pitcher ryan madson.
straight trade ya for casilla and you gotta throw in a couple hos bobbleheads
psychedelic rock is the best music genre ever. don't @ me unless you're gonna say it's ska
i miss you so much i'm fucking bitter come home and get stoned with me
where are you moving?
somewhere in western queens-- astoria, another place in sunnyside, woodside or jackson heights
the harvest is ripe but the labourers are few. lk.10:2
so then neither he who plants is anything, nor he who waters, but god who gives the increase. 1 corinthians 3:7
zuckerberg: we need to fundamentally change how we fund research. (how?)
cori bargmann () is leader of chan/zuckerberg science! "basic science works!"
she woulda got ha ass tore out da frame. it'll be a mud hole the size of texas in that ass.
seriously. i'm legit heated looking at it so i know i would've bugged on her
they were so late with it!
let me know how you like it! sighhhhhh. all i need is one good review.
hrmmm. maybe check forever 21? their stuff is cheap and you can find good basics sometimes
they're at least close. i wish h&amp;m wasnt 45 min away.
people always think i'm dumb until they read something i've written
i still think ur dumb
earthquake ??
nah it felt like another bomb
so then you're voting for donald trump? he is the only one besides sanders who supported common sense trade deals.
one issue is not going to get me to vote for trump. this whole election is a dumpster fire to me
my iq is probably about 20 points higher than yours (if yours is the average for your race). nice try, though.
the capacity to empathize has nothing to do with intelligence. but if that makes u feel better idgaf
starting my yearly watch through of the greatest show to ever grace television. love it when the t1000 gambles away...
i would have been cool if davey scatino had the same mannequin from the t2 mall in his store.
hi, chris! so sorry for the delay. looks like julia's been chatting with you and our engineers are looking into it!
yes, chatting with her today, thanks.
cut the crap. crooked hillary is no different. a fool you are for supporting a refugee master and lying bitch of all things.
you truly are deplorable if you think you have the high ground with an alleged child rapist... get back in your basket sicko
recently listened to a podcast on reservoir dogs and much was said about how imitators were terrible because of lac...
what confuses me is why people who don't know what they like choose to make stuff! maybe the thing they like is made already?
it sucks when you want to cry but like, can't
poor little lion. you're always welcome to bury your muzzle in my mane if you need to. i won't let go.
who can name the station? like this if you pass this on your light rail or bike trips ...
i wanna say river oaks but i could be wrong
the widespread speculation around a rate increase made for some of the worst, most insular, stupid business journalism ever. stop that.
i feel like this has been true for several years now.
not the most robust hat selection for the nba fan over here based on what i've found so far ...
not even warriors colors...
. i'm sure you were outraged when don king endorsed obama in 2008, right?
seriously, do you have any common sense? obama doesn't control who endorses him, trump hired this man as a campaign surrogate.
every student should be able to graduate from college without taking on any debt.
has a better plan
this high profile figures and current msnbc contributor was on obamas 08/12 campaign trail as well
you're really reaching for a connection. have a nice day
and again: if u wanna remix things, hmu!! i have stems and there will be a remix ep that might be included with the physical release
i would gladly take stems and i'm gonna say there's an optimistic 20% chance that i would finish something of a remix nature
lindsey graham: blocking saudi arms deal would be "ass-backwards"
agree with you - we need to look beyond the stupid trump rhetoric
dad's in a medically induced coma and on a ventilator.
hey jaimie - send prayers and good vibes your way.
debating on a new series for youtube. if you have the chance, read below and let me know what you think.
+5. just cut out all the duplicate mistakes.
think about the impact of securing the border and stopping the drug trade at the source. that's what i'm about.
that also leads into the policing problem we have in inner cities. we should be focusing on rehab and making people productive
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
more of a bowel movement
sry. are you caught up? i stole the tweet. thats why it say "to" somone in the first few letters. i i retweeted orig/then stole
, highest form of flattery. you can be sure i'll be ripping off right &amp; left.
wow! kellyanne conway calls out 's bias to erin burnett's face.
as we all should...
roasted cauliflower salad with feta cheese and rocket for breakfast! roasting cauliflower with coconut oil and butter!
ooh it sounds awesome but what is "rocket" :)?
apple can't even make my iphone go a day without a charge, how are they going to make a car go that long?
i hooked up a power wall from musk to my apple watch and got another 18 minutes.....woohoo!
hi, i ordered the bragi white dash as gift last january. it's mid july. when will we receive them pls? thx order
hi, i ordered the bragi white dash as gift this past january. when will we receive them pls? thx order
any teams up for a friendly tomorrow night vs sporting reserves 8pm @ evander childs hs in the bx? scheduled team cancelled.
ask chris from /metrocity
the bleak industrial bay shore station
planning ahead for a bright future?
current status: not killing vibes
nice. i'll listen to anything by
i'm vertically challenged and mistaken for intern sometimes
i am short. and loud. that that pisses people off
second time i bought a pack of gogurts only to have several of them already broken open inside box.
that's definitely strange it happened twice. can you please dm us your contact info? we'll have someone reach out.
it looks beautiful and i need a vacation
and seeing the northern lights &gt;&gt;
and it's totally fine to not like modern. it's the cries for an overhaul of something that's working that i disagree with.
i play modern a lot too. hell i play a nya deck that has 3 four drops and 2 sigarda. magic players just love complaining
when your best friend sends you this and you send this back...
ew what even am i
1 this piece on the end of the is why calls "tiger beat on the potomac."
2 all inter-office gossip and sniping at bill while fully enforcing the clinton rules. i.e. if the clintons do it, it's sleazy by definition
ooh, i think a coworker visited them recently. help me arrange a play date!
that i can do. send me an email :)
bobby knight being an "ardent" trump supporter is the least surprising fact of the election.
trump is essentially an asshole-magnet.
keep listening to really epic and sensuous music at very bland times of day, but oh well, roxy music guys:
i surprise dove into a pool at night while a cassette of this album was playing over outdoor speakers last month. a+ cinematic moment.
understandable but u must think positive! god testing u lol
god has been testing me before i cut out of mother love
just download all the gunit radio tapes. and this:
good looks on that..bout to hit the wifi and trap out the bandwidth
trump is holding an "african-american" town hall that is full of white people via
- of course, what aa in their right mind would attend a trump rally !! even with bozo king at his side
tag that one friend who desperately needs to be cut off.
this wasn't killary's it guy?
wait...is this a change of heart im reading from you??
it was never like that, i just agree with lynch 100% .
which track would u like o:
i'm gonna say boundary b/c that's the one new track i've heard so far and it's pretty amazing
and my comment, also posted ten years ago, for context.
is the talk online anywhere? it would be great to watch it now.
if were really dems, we'd be arguing over which of the two libs running we were going to vote for.
stein / johnson ? let me guess write in cruz ? almost want hill to win just to watch the guns taken away from yas
how come you can't open a simply bottle?
my hands are to slippery
what about the kids pitt ???? sorry had to share its about your johnson u can't help yourself in film game get it but !!!!
actors become the character they are creating get it but not just u any more
anything for pure vegetarian?
how about stir fry tofu, build your own ramen bowls, housemade veggie burgers, caprese sandwich, indian station?
so, the best case for allo is that it's for the next emerging market without an indigenous messaging player, yeah? india, africa, latam?
even as an unabashed google fanboy, it seems like allo offers me ~nothing, doesn't integrate with anything, and demand a lot from me to use.
1 this piece on the end of the is why calls "tiger beat on the potomac."
3 that includes running a hugely effective charitable organization that actually helps ppl instead of paying its namesakes' legal bills
is it as shiny as it looks? very pretty
the ends are shiny because of the mulberry silk. matte on the rest of the scarf
hey m.j, we can see that a member of the team has been in contact and we're currently looking into your case.
it's so weird tho bc we've exchanged so many emails already and yet nothing has changed or become less confused
he didn't cheat thoe...
i stay loyal that's all that matters.
when u go to court cuz u think ur being framed for murder but y'all friends threw u a surprise music party
that is not how a melodica works
i'm a loyal fan, as well, and i think this is going to be one of the best seasons yet!
i will remain a loyal fan, i'm hoping this season will step it up but regardless i'm in for the long haul...
tomorrow wednesday, september 21st, 2016 11am-2pm
how's the event? who's there so far
y'all talk about "'ruining the magic'" but you've got the most generic as fuck characters and think that you're special as fuck. chill.
i don't know why this is a thing.
because is such a heartwarming show?
i will fucking ball my eyes out
no i pretty much never delete tweets. i think maybe i've been shadowbanned? do you have your quality filter on?
haha yeah no notifications. and i just turned it off. try again??
10. why do we always follow mlk and dubois types even though they always end up admitting they were wrong?
do you want to talk about malcolm x for a while too? every body admits they were wrong at some point. it's part of growing up.
here's what we heard from don king a few hours ago: spoiler alert - he used a racial slur in a church
this two-time killer is the most notable african-american trump can find to speak on his behalf.
best chopped cheese i ever seen,watchu put on it? ock made it look lovely
ock odeed it had lettuce tomato cheese chipotle mayo peppers &amp; bacon
multiple reports of an heard throughout reported to be in the area. mixed reports or
heard it hear in south jamaica.
worked, thank you
they fixed now. mine is working either.
randy orton literally ran and told the papers, here.
you know when else ran? when he went awol (twice)
i'll be in britain on guy fawkes night and i'm unclear as to how many things i personally am permitted to light on fire with natalie portman
14 i think. definitely feels like there's something with 14.
phone died, call you as soon as it turns on!!
i was wondering where you went merman
love the lord your god with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind and with all your strength. mark 12:30
"you shall love the lord your god with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your strength. deuteronomy 6:5
fate/kaleid liner prisma illya film announced:
except the projector lights up and "all of you are under arrest" and it's not the movies, it's actually prison
i already submitted twice and there was no response. thanks.
thank you for your submission, if there is a fit someone from our production department will contact you.
we are targets. shot down dead like dogs in these american streets. art by adrian franks
to quote mobb deep there's a war goin on
is that your spirit name? joking
.... moon river ... or as i'm more commonly known as when i stop by the old hags home, gold digger ';)-
q4: have there been any marketing campaigns for shows this fall that you've been impressed with? will it get you to tune in?
a4: i was already going to watch , but they've been using lots of to tease the new season
we want to come up and tour when we can eat and meet u also hope soon
you are always welcome. i heard you visited the nyc cafe and had a great time!
the blur could be a lot better, would just be too slow for most (probably). i've used great after effects plugins.
yeah, lens blur is mad slow.
well, that's a mental image i never wanted
i guess i never pictured it as an accessory, but that's just as unpleasant.
no, even if arrested, i don't think a tulsa jury would ever convict when white male cops never are
they might throw her under the bus (like they did asian cop in nyc) but she's using racist threat o' black man
i'm so sorry, heidi. you're an absolute star and shouldn't have to make yourself shine less brightly to make others comfortable
"shining" is a nice way to put it but i definitely feel like a megaton of burning gas these days &lt;3 :d
you should really be here now.
still trying to work out a business model that supports the travel i'd like to do ;)
just an american flag? i don't think so &amp; neither did my dad! thank you for speaking up!
randy orton went awol from the marines twice lol
you fascist loser in the new world you'll be schlepping communist propaganda leaflets on a street corner
jeeeeez...that didn't even come remarkably close to making any sense. it's okay, lesser being.
all lives matter... people fail to see the bigger picture here.
the bigger picture is
wahammer40k too? how will they learn to serve the emperor?
i approve. no nerds allowed in pennsylvania's finest correctional facilities. prisoners getting too soft.
this woman is insane and it's sad cause he will turn on you as the devil did hod himself!! shameful
i'm finding it difficult to understand how anyone can trust someone who has conned ordinary folks.unbelievable
when all else fails, just assign deborah eisenberg again.
this is when i fell in love with you.
still trying to work out a business model that supports the travel i'd like to do ;)
feel free to channel me, and/or make referrals, in my absence ;)
i don't know why this is a thing.
if you decide to fursuit, accept the way it's done. if a fursuiter doesn't care about breaking that, nothing you say matters
"broccoli humous' this version is raw. i cook my broccoli but not too soft.
it looks great but then what do you use as your protein with this?
*i noticed, those who claim everything is predestined, &amp; we can do nothing to change it, look before...
*....it is an object containing so much mass concentrated in a relatively small space that light can...
thanks for all the happy birthday wishes, you guys. getting old kinda sucks, but this makes it better. and hey, 69's the new 68!
my pops is 73 and still going strong!! 'cept for the hipsurgery,10 bottles of pills&amp;sitting on the recliner all day w the dogs.
i have posted many many really positive tweets on and now spoilt by a rubbish app :( - still the delete and reinstall worked
it is a bug in ios 10, but you don't complain about wifi this year. it is great!
it's not without
i am being a responsible adult over here...but since we are talking about multi-funct...
wait...is this a change of heart im reading from you??
i just didn't like the way kaep went about it
friendly ass
i take that as a compliment
wow you're an idiot! look in mirror &amp; tell yourself how dumb u sound-isis? another msm made up narrative &amp; do we gi...
no you're the idiot
1 this piece on the end of the is why calls "tiger beat on the potomac."
4 i've been to that "glitzy gathering" five times. saw a lot of celebrities. know what i saw them doing? working to solve world problems.
athletic spinner deepthroats cock
hey ... speaking of cards ';)-
at least it's not a home-made pickles dessert!
groan! that sounds like an episode of masterchef!
are you high?
i love my country! i'm a true proud american! if you don't like it you can go back to where you came from!
terence crutcher's twin sister: "an officer of the law pre-judged my brother ... he didn't have a chance to live."...
- we have a stupid untrained police officer who got nervous and shot - scared and didn't think ...
who else in south jamaica queens heard that giant explosion???
heard that @ 182nd street
easy for you to say when you don't have family members who have served in the armed forces like me &amp; orton do
randy orton went awol twice lol
she needs to be tested... rt yall aint gonna believe what the white chick in my class decided to present
lmao this can't be real
i'm mindful about time mostly. i won't text too late or too early
i do that anyway no matter their status. not texting anyone after like 10 unless we "got it like that"
guys! i'm live! next tweet in roughly 60 minutes!
just have your xbox one been getting alerts that someone is streaming all day. kappa
my godson has come all the way from california. give him a drink.
still due back week5. and give me a break. he smoked weed.
you're not in any position to skateboard my brother
obviously not now lmao
excellent choice of gif
i actually thought of you when i posted this. also obsessed with gifs now bc of you!
wow you're an idiot! look in mirror &amp; tell yourself how dumb u sound-isis? another msm made up narrative &amp; do we gi...
i thought you guys weren't in the business of name-calling? so peaceful and non violent.
notes from current meeting on cbe.
important face-to-face instruction!
lmaooo you don't even wanna know
fuck that nerd ass loser
once again, congrats from the whole ph team. let me know if we can help with anything else.
all good man. fwiw i emailed and tweeted you guys starting on sunday
we're getting reports of an explosion-like noise in queens near jfk. we're trying to track down the source. anyone hear/feel it?
yes, 182nd street and 147th avenue
oh no i'm a person who yells at a brand on twitter, help
i've seen others complaining about this too
we also need parameters on what a "win" is.
film don't lie, not knocking norman, but he's a much better zone defender than in man shadow
james tackle to win possession in the back third.
hip packs are really quite convenient if you think about it-they don't deserve the bad rap
*throw the bottle to the floor* ..... :3 gud
m-my drink.....
shame to see that infused roster split...
wait. the team that just signed already split?
a3) can someone innovate something that ensures that i am not the only one doing the laundry in my house?
ha! when it's invented, let me know. i'll buy two!
everyone add me on snapchat!! chase.chrisley
ok but can u add me to your friends list here? :) thanks!
havent found anything to replace it i feel you so much
where do ya'll find time to even do thisss :-( i have sooo many shows to catch up on ughh
don king and his intro of donald trump...is this presidential election really happening???
it's friggin obscene.
i could literally hear lol'ing behind me.
if only i was comfortable sharing this video with the wider public. but yeah, i'm dead!
wow i think andy is just calling bullshit out when he smells it
he sure does awesomeness!
what's your point?
just stating facts of the incident as i saw them from the video. why? did she see something other cops didnt?
don king: is the spirit that says "yes i can" for women, minorities denied their rights.
omg i saw this and thought it was an snl routine.
i'm tryna put my man on, but he ain't came home yet
ur inside take off the sunglasses
i mean...you had some pretty tough words for kaep lol
i agree with him i just didn't like the went about it, kinda contradicting
1 this piece on the end of the is why calls "tiger beat on the potomac."
5 yes, it's a 'see and be seen" event. people are there to see and be seen...i repeat...solving world problems!
in the "faith in humanity" side i've only gained followers in the last 2 weeks so.
maybe more people are done. or less people care about sweet talk and just wanna learn to do better.
"don, i'll pay you the money..." -- last words of sam garrett, who was kicked and beaten to death by don king on a cleveland street in 1966.
at least bobby knight never killed anyone. he just terrorized and abused his players until he was fired.
it would be revolutionary for a hypocrite like to start telling the truth
bobby knight says he was a history major [he graduated in 1962] &amp; probably has studied history more than anyone else
i want bart to be functional in future. current board and measure rr promote that goal. this article tells me to vo...
although, it tends to be a real problem when employees become the primary constituency for such boards.
you think the gope has terrifying ideas? oh, children, let me break the seventh seal and show you terrifying dank...
a brit-cuck with the "marbles-in-the-mouth" accent who blocked me a long time ago. i assume it was some witticism about liberty?
subscribed.!
appreciate it
i think it's arugula over in america! :)
sorry i didn't read this tweet so rocket is arugula ok.
"we're struggling with white women. let's get some data on who can best make sale for us asap" --1 week later-- "...
seriously. what the hell 2016?!?!?
blessed to live another year, bless to have an amazing family, bf, &amp; friends. celebrating my jordan year 23
happy birthday
ashley is not holding back when it comes to her cheating sis-in-law! you're not interesting. you're not special....
how the hell is ashley no better than they are? she slept with victor while he and nikki were married. sit down somewhere.
big day, ! congrats.
thanks bud!
morning digest: republicans are afraid they could lose all three marquee contests in north carolina
democrats must vote 2 get gop out of office!
i thought you guys weren't in the business of name-calling? so peaceful and non violent.
the only joke is here, is that when you're giving evidence of racism you instantly dismiss it.
i had a very realistic dream that i went to my 8 am.. and then i woke up and it's 11:30.. i didn't make it to my 8am
aww the tech guy from the photography department just told me happy birthday, he's a day early but still.
still pulling gems from the hagakure every morning
i really wanna start committing to starting the day with "genius" in the morning
this article created within me a desperate desire to move to chicago.
i wish i felt like more of what he's saying about new york applied to me.
i'll keep an eye out. i heard he hangs out with tony gunk
if he's not chillin' with tony he's probably on the corner with jacrispy.
i love that apple's use of the word telephoto is driving the camry nearest crazy
"camry nearest?"
thrilled to partner w/ to empower sales teams through chat
right back at you : )
janet yellen tries to explain why donald trump is wrong - fed press conference live feed
yellen can't find her way out of a paper economy and she thinks trump is wrong. she's a marshmallow in a safe space.
hi since we haven't heard from you we will consider this issue resolved. we are here to help, &amp; thanks for reaching out. ^bd
all set. thanks.
it's really a cabinet door that swings out and the laundry machine is behind it?...
yup! with the small-home trend, you gotta make the most of your space for what really matters
q4: have there been any marketing campaigns for shows this fall that you've been impressed with? will it get you to tune in?
a4: overpowered any other campaigns i might've noticed, but i'm glad they did because last nights premiere was amazing
stevie g. not the only englishman who likes it animal style
suboptimal burgers, crap fries, new mib sponsor?
president obama's half brother is backing donald trump, because he's a "humble and honest guy"...
still think barry's not a muslim? this guys not wearing a cowboy hat, watch cap or a fedora. he does have common sense.
:3 g.d.o *grabs another drink open it easily and hand it to her*
*looks at the bottle* that is not my favorite flavor
thinking i prefer the "cheeto jesus" moniker
who said that? there have been some good ones...
a bad lip reading w/ subs imagine you&amp;me happy adn! labyu ol!...
creative adns whose goal is to unite and bring joy to the nation.
it was love is what it was
the hair was trash
what aisle did you find a whipwreck?
the one next to the tajiri
that was when the guys really liked each other. glad they're still friends.
they are family.
always a colorful clientele on the bus
still beats fung wah
at&amp;t uses ca to quietly bring lte-advanced to chicago (2014). with 15mhz downlink spectrum, max 110 mbps downloads!
at&amp;t added new york, san francisco, and dallas to their list of lte-advanced cities in january 2015.
ashley is not holding back when it comes to her cheating sis-in-law! you're not interesting. you're not special....
but i do see where she's coming from after that scene so
that digital gong, tho
i remember life b.g. - before gong = no bueno
congrats stefan &amp; thx for leading great session @ "how to build an inspired customer community"
thanks for coming!
lettuce is the difference between a good sandwich and a great sandwich don't fight me on this
agreed! wet lettuce is disgusting
and that's assuming that we even will get to retire. :d
some of us might not even make it to retirement age
the only joke is here, is that when you're giving evidence of racism you instantly dismiss it.
and look it up. the kkk and isis support donald drumpf. why is that?
thanks for asking! that was helpful :)
you're welcome. :)
nope, on about their cod team
ok good. i was about to say
rt if you think this is naan tandoori, like if you think it's cheese pizza
replying cause i think it may be a hybrid
when bae doesn't answer back in five minutes.
this happens everyday tho on both ends
happy birthday too
ah phetz, happy birthday, to you, to-day
yo the dudes that pranked us from the show was and he also battled in front of lux
and lux and whoo kid both said they sucked lol
woot! changing job?
nope... just moving ;)
1 this piece on the end of the is why calls "tiger beat on the potomac."
6 there are "swanky parties and high-minded discussions" and a lot of money is committed to launching projects that, again, solve problems!
meet sophia, the newest member of the warring triad to arrive in ffxiv 3.4
sure is ff6 goddess
yo!! i was like they trippin until i seen the hands holding the baby in the back lol
ahhhh yeah there are hands
we were just saying the same thing. a symptom of in sept?
i think it's just a symptom, period.
hi diego. we're checking with our mac developer as we speak and we'll get back to you with updates soon.
looks like the latest version works fine, but i'll keep testing it. i tried it many times on a plane weeks ago and didn't work.
of course i like it, born american, patriot to the max, what the fuck is your beef with me?
born american?! show that damned birth certificate! i'm proud to be an american!
why you gotta start girl why you gotta start ?
i know we make times for the things that we want
....ok *drink* what it's yours favorite flavor?
its fruit punch
you can have 650 650s
jitka that's very kind of you but that's too many. i'll take 5
yeah, i'm just bummed about the lack of the drawing of the three. that's where i left off. haven't finished the series yet.
dude. wizard and glass is great with a capital g. and the last three have their faults, but book 7's ending is perfect.
well either way thank you....don't know why th volume cute out but i said thank you about 252 times!
sending to luscious, delicious, delightful, and magical and majestic &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 !!!
omg u know hell mad hot right lmaooo
don't give two squats either that or voodoo this boy has to go
clinton speaking soon here in orlando
how many 1000s of people are there? why is the press so close to the stage?
love this from and the team at troops! congrats on the raise!
appreciate the support bud
it really isn't a joking manner
until we find out exactly what happened it kinda is
where's the split for content?
hmm.. i guess that should come out of my politics budget
dude. wizard and glass is great with a capital g. and the last three have their faults, but book 7's ending is perfect.
you're in for a treat.
yeah definitely not. youtube, ladies and gentlemen.
oh man, seriously? that will sincerely hurt youtube creators. i can't believe they allowed that.
the notorious trump loving site daily kos elections has clinton at her lowest pt yet with a 63% chance of winning the election.
give them points for being clear headed and honest
just shattered my phone thanks to the dumb ass teenagers outside fighting
i did find a new plug on the walk home though
got his tat removed n changed his name
bruh i honestly thought it was 21 but who better 21 or 22
prince dismal, at your service
that's your next collaborative album with iron+wine
doin' stuff
that is one happy dog.
top rank's success with their 2012 olympic class is eye-opening. it's proof of quality over quantity in who and what you sign
hasn't it always?
. to at their meeting today: "israel has no greater friend than the united states of america."
it's about time... bibi has been so unpleasant, but he now knows who his friends are
i need to learn to draw the line, more clearly and thicker than ever.
brb trying to figure out how to have a smaller, harder heart but in reality i can't so you're stuck with me the way i am
1 this piece on the end of the is why calls "tiger beat on the potomac."
7 and a reason the continued for more than originally planned 10 meeting is that it was more successful than anticipated.
a1 a trend is making a laundry closet - hides the "room" from guests
the good thing about this setup is people can't throw all their dirty clothes all over the laundry room floor.
it's actually your github
my github is really quite boring
good evening bro
hello petra hi everyone
2 big reasons facebook messenger is the wrong platform for chatbots via -
disagree completely. these are literally the same arguments for 25 years of new products.
love it! for bonus points, have everyone change their avatar colors and names to what the boss uses and see when they notice.
anyone locked out loses the round :-)
only dead and down wood can be cut or collected for a campfire. this is not acceptable.
summit of slide mt in the catskills
you know your superhero vs. superhero event series is crap when it takes 5 issues to get to an actual fight.
get that money! get that cash! tack on that extra issue! cash that check!
how long have you been food blogging for?
feels like forever... i think i've been writing about food on and off for about 15 years
i did too many integrals today please end my life
so you're saying that you'd like to be disintegrated
draft trump memo from mocks clinton for extensive debate prep, calls it "hallmarks of a career pol...
has anyone asked to maybe name even one of those so called new solutions he mentions in last line
me, 2am: why won't you let me fall asleep? my brain: because fuck you, that's why. me: but i didn't even-- my brain: love shack baby love s
someone mentioned train in a podcast i listened to yesterday, so i was up half the night listening to "drops of jupiter" in my head.
i dont even have floors right now. this is mad annoying. deadass.
come thru. i'm home
tom has some thoughts on the new album. bless his little facebook heart.
i think this is my favorite review ever.
sonnnnnn this is like an erotic novel to a bronx nigga
lmao no funny it was the best thing i've ever eaten
you got fly me out money?
i'll sell my body to the local female elderly we'll figure it out
at&amp;t added new york, san francisco, and dallas to their list of lte-advanced cities in january 2015.
all of which is nice, but 15mhz isn't a lot of spectrum, even for lte-a. is offering up to 400mbps down.
for vegas this is a good thing
hi jj hi all
bobby knight says he was a history major [he graduated in 1962] &amp; probably has studied history more than anyone else
briefly showed rally before joining showing clinton rally
share your -- what you would spend your money on without !
i have 2 meaningless degrees from heald, a defunct school. i owe 13k in student loans. toward a down payment?
a1) laundry areas now have multi-use possibilities | a good mud room location!
i've often thought about doing this because then the dirtiest clothes don't even come into the house at all.
we'd like to turn thing around for you. plz, dm us &amp; explain the situation for us to help you. mc
i did it, but to talk with you guys it takes forever
oh ok. wouldn't read much into it. lott&amp;co focused on raiders so far. a's have trump card via lease. but schaaf still wants a's dt.
please don't ever us the words "trump card" again. thank you.
live and let live dude everyone needs to chill out
p-much. i mean. i have my own views, but it's not worth the drama.
college republican took too much molly and is calling his gf crying aesthetic
reminiscent of
last night, i had the age old nightmare about showing up for class &amp; having a test for which i was unprepared. really? still?
still have it (as does my mom)
. is use of ur song alongside humans something u endorse? it's ur right, i just don't like it. notfunny!
do you think refugees want to be refugees?
in which class do they learn to tip someone without a compendium, dogebutt-style?
masters degree status
perhaps not justified, but easily avoidable, when officer yells "stop", gun drawn.. stop.
lol saying this like she's justified. police have a job of restraint &amp; judgement, she failed she murdered him.
they don't want to be killed.
this is a good account idea man. probably doesn't further provoke a situation that's tense enough as it is, yanno?
well, since stations are sporting that pd &amp; fd don't see evidence of anything, maybe it was a sonic boom...helicopters searching
quite possible. i actually thought that a truck hit a post in the warehouse downstairs.
we did had a great tour and wonderful lunch!
my friends were glowing about how fun you guys were!
all the earbuds i own are cutting out in the left ear. what did i do to deserve this
i'll fight them
well that's your right but as a black man you of all people should realize how much this country needs reform.
yeah but trump isnt it to me. dude wants to commit war crimes, default on us debt, and is horrible on regulation
best thing about being back in ireland so far....friends ! personalised airport pickup yday, then bed, board and food this week!
please have some garlic cheese and chips for me?! i miss them everyday. also, come back now.
for a single non-gatefold lp with a shit one sided insert. shit pisses me off so hard. 25$ is pushing it.
seriously! i love when records are 10-15$ that's too rare now
ok *search for one* fak, give me a sec. and maybe i'll buy me some cigs brb
no cigs bro! u drop my snapple!
class action lawsuit alleges rodents chewing, eating car wiring | nbc southern california
sounds a bit ridiculous. i was under the impression it was just a great place for them to nest. interesting nonetheless :)
1 this piece on the end of the is why calls "tiger beat on the potomac."
8 that's why it was bill's "favorite showcase". it "showcased" his involvement in helping...say it with me...solve world problems!
depressing that amazon is showing the tv series fleabag in cinemascope ratio, but most cable channels won't show 'scope movies that way.
i hoped after hd came along and people got used to seeing scope movies on discs that the tv aspect ratio wars were over.
so if you're in the lowell area and like mediterranean/halal food, i can personally attest that has a pretty good kefta sandwich
the worst thing about living in the burbs is missing my halal from a truck.
then again, why would i want to read someone's blog who finds me deplorable simply bc he disagrees with me. he probably won't win.
i don't find u deplorable. i just don't understand the logic of cutting off one's nose to spite one's face....
troops, a slackbot for sales, raises $7 million. congrats and team. via
thanks buddy!
i'm highly considering it
i would highly recommend it. i constantly use it
not to mention issues w/ the water and a/c that have seemingly plagued them.
yeah, they look so not worth it.
he's a flop
hes blade he could never be a flop
that's my gov name though
lol i'm just messing with you
like, if someone is actually a chosen, messianic figure? bored now. but if they're deliberately using people's belief in one? interesting.
an other cliche or bothersome troupe is...my father was a great man so i am a great man. what if anduin was kind of a lump?
tom has some thoughts on the new album. bless his little facebook heart.
probably could have written this same review for every album after farmhouse lol
me crawling out of my cage to come drag people online
i'd say you're coming and of your cage and you've been doing just fine
o wow, o my word, heavens to betsy, jumpin jehosophat, bless my knickers, holy toledo, gee wilickers, what a cool device
some great deep maccuts for the fans at home
any chance this is going to be recorded/viewable online at some point?
yep, we're going to be recording and releasing it for sure, unless i screw it all up!
then again, why would i want to read someone's blog who finds me deplorable simply bc he disagrees with me. he probably won't win.
nor do i understand anyone taking it personally that an attack on trump is an attack on the gop. he's a democrat. he's using y'all.
when did he convert. you talk a lot but none of it is based on fact. tactics of an idiot
everyone knows he converted and his gf put him up to this nonsense- search man search
my favorite thing to say to my kids is "you got me confused." lmao
one day i'm gonna slip though
okay yes i'll take 30 boxes of your most sarcastic cookie
for a second i thought that was you on the package.
1 this piece on the end of the is why calls "tiger beat on the potomac."
8 it's too bad it has to end and it's too bad the layoffs were handled badly although what company ever handled layoffs well?
bobby knight: donald trump is not just an american, he is a world figure
yes. yes, he is this world recognized figure:
. reprised "i don't know my name" at the and her journey came full circle.
.'s is proof that kids rock! support future 's w/ :
beam me up scotty! of a particle of light 6km distance record set for a...
(cont) a group of physicists have successfully demonstrated teleportation of a photon over a straight 6km.
true! let's just hope that that laundry doesn't end up blocking the hallway ;)
i know! as i was writing it, i realized i should know better. ha ha ha!
i haven't read today's comics yet please be mindful
someone probably does a thing be on the lookout
dear , if you stop listening to your creators and pull too far away from supporting them you will lose them...
it's important for them to know that other services can and will replace them if they go too far!
every student should be able to graduate from college without taking on any debt.
what about the people who do not make that much which is all of amrica
yes a job can refuse employment to you for having dreads. this is real. america always finds ways to read between t...
aka yes we know dreads are mostly worn by black people. but we're not racist... but we're still not hiring you. but we're not racist...
q4: have there been any marketing campaigns for shows this fall that you've been impressed with? will it get you to tune in?
a4. i found the ads for designated survivor interesting since some of it looked genuine.
paterno was never aware of 98 investigation, which btw turned up nothing.
thank you for being the latest wanna-be criminal defense lawyer from happy valley.
no mention when a white man is almost murdered either,funny that...
you don't mention it either so shut the fuck up
thank you for having me on bi-part leg panel on business challenges in nys!
great to have you!
and there goes the oil money!
yikes! that's what happens when i adlib.
happy birthday to my brother al !! can't express how grateful i am to have him...
happy birthday!
doesn't mean u hate on normal size ppl k
she swears lol my fault my
let's be real. racists been apart of gop for a while. alt-right is their new pr approved named. i refuse to call them that
i agree 1000% with you!
everybody better than my ex rt
lmfaoooooooo that's horrible
hey seth wants do a story on sushi rice harvest and we hear you're the guy to talk to. interested?
. sure love to promote the industry
ah nope! difference she supported byrd kkk leader &amp; isis does not support trump- so ill informed! go learn...
lol where's you're research? did you fact check yourself? have you talked to hilary yet?
not on the uk store :(
check out that blog post for more info
can someone come over and just like, dig their elbow into my shoulderblade really quick
use tennis ball against wall
paterno was never aware of 98 investigation, which btw turned up nothing.
i'd like to implore you to contribute to before you send me a tweet again. thank you.
cherish the small things.
isn't this you
not only heeney and both smiths are struggling
d played very well late last season with heeney and m. smith. this year's problems deeper than individuals. talent is there.
the chun zuckerberg initiative to cure diseases is vague af, but that money is going to help some researchers.
who is this "chun"
hillary claims isis using trump as propaganda 2 gain people (that's their against trump) why do you think that they...
they want him to win silly.
if he wins, i think there a chance he won't serve. and republicans in congress will probably move to impeach within 6 months.
u hear me rail about wall st., welfare, here, too. demi aren't all my cup of tea. but trump is so vile, so against all usa should be
. reprised "i don't know my name" at the and her journey came full circle.
.'s = proof that kids rock! support future 's w/ :
why do i look so angry in my before pic?
you can do ads online for before/after weight loss pills.
if you're looking for the email client we mention in this weeks episode, it's -
really nice podcast, was great as a fellow designer to hear about good freelance use cases of nylas n1 :)
every student should be able to graduate from college without taking on any debt.
why are you supporting police now. remembr, you and obama supported black lives matter that strated this entire riot mess
viva blue chip.. it just shows you what hard work and dedication can do for a kid from chattanooga !! road to the w...
viva wheel your wheelchair to you know where...lol ....lol
my reading choices for storybook day at our school. titles by &amp; more.
that is so awesome. thank you for including me!!
hillary claims isis using trump as propaganda 2 gain people (that's their against trump) why do you think that they...
no one is afraid of trump besides the ppl in this country
truly the dawn of a grand new age
it's like finally. i can eat my fucking night cereal proudly and without shame.
also i'm difficult to get off people's carpets
do they match the drapes?
all of which is nice, but 15mhz isn't a lot of spectrum, even for lte-a. is offering up to 400mbps down.
it looks like the supports the same lte technology that is bragging about in their press release.
gorgeous! i this photo!
thank you so much!
now thisssssssss
on mommas it always happens lmao; it happened twice this past weekend
this is appalling.
not surprised on the nj herald... they didnt even call me back for internships lol
rest assured we can be friends still. after here it's bologna, verona and then on to saltzburg. no naples. yay frands!
man that's really amazing... also enjoying the trip updates on snapchat haha
paterno was never aware of 98 investigation, which btw turned up nothing.
i don't believe joe paterno could have been found criminally negligent in a court of law. morally repugnant, yes.
i am sick and i am making tea in the microwave like a barbarian don't @ me.
real winners fire bend that stuff
fact: donald trump used his charitable foundation to purchase *multiple* six-foot-tall paintings of himself.
why not talk about yourself...you can't because of your crooked ways
to all the self-righteous white progressives lecturing don king (an african american) on his accidental use of n-word: get over yourself.
yes, especially considering how many people say it all the time....every single day
if you're looking for the email client we mention in this weeks episode, it's -
we'd love to survey your thoughts (ha :)) on the upcoming features of n1 and where it can improve!
just watch obama pardon thousands of criminals and release them upon americans to do harm and injury.... he'll do it.
mumia abu-jamal my bet will be pardoned because he's a cop killer.
red onions make me happy.
they make me cry
best buy blessed me with store credit on this apple watch, got 370 back. now i have to decide which of the newer watches i want
they did that for your old apple watch?
it's always best to go green :)
absolutely. it's a huge priority and rightly so.
what's worse: stumping for trump, or that jacket?
so much to unpack here.
just in case after you buy thiel's house you don't want to see the help
or if you're indicted and want to escape into presidio park as a 3 letter agency is pounding on the front door
ladies and gentlemen: donald trump's "black outreach."
actually, it's not the alt-right, and what's more outrageous is the pervasive shaming under umbrella policy, pc.
i used to think that ydksab guy was the most retarded person on here. i see some ggg fans fake news account tops it.
whatever happened to him we had a couple lively conversations
an artist from new zealand found a dead cat on the side of the road and turned it into a handbag!
ewwww-yuck-poor cat
four months from today, our next president will walk into the oval office. help make sure it's not donald trump:
i am going to make sure he does walk into that office
this shit really got me dead
its my life
aww what a nice pic!!
thank you! love my kids!
if you'll read the art of the deal.
your donald is speaking bout taxes now and hillary is speaking bout the murders of blks and police hmmm
wildin i luvv it !
you already know
there is a hall and oates emergency hotline: 719-266-2837 that is all.
when i was a kid i pretended hall was my uncle. feels good to finally come clean.
hello brother, would you be able to speak with my 11yr old nephew, we live close to fordham u
i'm at the law school at lincoln center, sure
1 this piece on the end of the is why calls "tiger beat on the potomac."
9 but one reason it's ending is that sniping village journalists keep retailing stories that treat possible conflicts of interest as...
oh hello, i am a real lady v curious
woo! added!
aka yes we know dreads are mostly worn by black people. but we're not racist... but we're still not hiring you. but we're not racist...
black people are criticized for wearing their hair natural,dreads,braids. so basically change who you are or pay the consequences?
everybody rt this and tag and
show some respect.
thank you! you'll see me running around the auditorium doing the same there!
you're brilliant, having audience questions is a great add to
mother is very intense tonight
all these retweets are making me cry i love it!!!! she's the best mama. you should print out all these tweets &amp; give them to her!
the board team of myself, and tiny cacti
everything we do we do for them
trout: .318/.438/.555, 175 ops+, 10.0 war betts: .317/.358/.542, 131 ops+, 8.9 war this is not close. at all.
wow there are several bad responses to this comment. trout should win unanimously. sad that's a minority take
why do i look so angry in my before pic?
wish me luck. i am also on a 6-month weight loss mission (in america - coz america runs on dunkin)!
who dis? his lips are bomb
nvm guise! i used that google drop thing they use on catfish
allo arrived, and yet it can't do the one thing that made imessage so sticky in the first place: be my default sms app.
amen to that, cole. is it even forced onto all android users?
contact us for details on this , !
how can we make certain residents don't waste water at the glenoaks villas
ya see mickey she can't wipe the server clean on youtube or the entire internet-she has a bad past - make no mistak...
and i'm sure you use to throw rocks at the spanish kids at school.
it looks like the supports the same lte technology that is bragging about in their press release.
they put that out the day before the reveal, so they couldn't mention that it has 3x the lte speeds (up to 450 mbps) as .
it was unopened and i had the receipt
ah damn i thought you had like a trade-in value for your current one haha.
it's you that has the conspiracy theories. we aren't truthers, we just now how to read and investigate.
let's say, for argument's sake, you're right. and joepa only found out in 2001 - despite employing jerry for 30 yrs
oooh are they cute?
lol can't be sure. it's twitter after all.
thanks i love your accent
what accent?
every year since 2013 for me has been gradually worse and worse and i want to die because of it
i've got a streak since like 2008-2009 :(
often as stories, or "like x but y", but without any real identity of their own. sometimes without any mechanical ideas, even
people do that in film as well! it is hard to get through one's life without analogies.
q5: netflix/hulu/dvr means that you can avoid seeing most ads, what can advertisers do to get people to actually watch spots?
a5. for netflix/hulu, they could air ad before the show starts. for all 3, product placement on the show/tv guide
you entered my space at wrap retarded speed like a bigot comet enterering the trump atmosphere
this is so cute!!!! i love cup!
nvm guise! i used that google drop thing they use on catfish
y'all should really get familiar with that
google's penchant for abandoning interesting products so they can instead fail to copy facebook never ceases to amaze me.
if anyone else has downloaded it and wants to poke at it with me, let me know. we can look for the value!
good morning, ohio! hope to see you tonight in oxford. event is student-focused, but open to the public:
nice pic of you guy! very sharp!
4 hour art class wtf is wrong with me i don't even like art
thats mad fun tf
1 this piece on the end of the is why calls "tiger beat on the potomac."
10 worse than running a fake university that bilks veterans out of their savings and survives lawsuits by bribing state attorneys general.
what will achieve by not attacking it? nothing. what will you achieve by attacking it? some probability of peace. a...
quint reporting surgical operations killed 20 militants. pakistan had to declare no fly zone..
if you were the lady in the coma i would have done the exact same thing
i'd name yours meiosis and mitosis
mr. trump, why are you still pushing the birther conspiracy?
what? he's not pushing any such thing. hrc is doing the pushing. people are dying! focus!!
i don't even know what is being said in lrt, but i love this.
yeah, same, heh
he's an awful terrible person but sitting in silence doesn't really help you get to know someone
there was something about this ep that made it feel like chunks of their story was missing
it's you that has the conspiracy theories. we aren't truthers, we just now how to read and investigate.
now, close your eyes. imagine the kid in the shower is jay paterno. you think he would say, "my dad did enough."
why do you presume he's white and a guy?
his photo
bummed to miss the analyst summit for the first time - counting on tweets...
i am not there but carl is - paas exec 1-1's for me
cause what school even is this &amp; y r they that broke
ci but it's fake a teacher made it for his class as a joke
q5: netflix/hulu/dvr means that you can avoid seeing most ads, what can advertisers do to get people to actually watch spots?
a5: netflix users skip 158.5 hours of ads per year, so you're better off with product placement
everything we do we do for them
they're what get me through each gruelling day
and i'm sure you use to throw rocks at the spanish kids at school.
and it's not like trump had ever done anything wrong model citizen.
what about line work :) ?
rough inker... now you all my secrets
the whole clip, to the point where he explains that a white cop saved his life.
one rapper "guesses" racism doesnt exist = racism doesnt exist... got it lol
whenever we are outraged at a police shooting of yet another black man, here come white people telling us how to feel and react.
or even worse you get the non black people of color caping too. "my people suffered too, you don't see us rioting"
so of this girl - planning comms activity for around the world! stay tuned
way to celebrate our talent way to go
and it's not like trump had ever done anything wrong model citizen.
another white guy probably not paying his taxes
...can't scrub their floors, watch their kids, cook them 42-course meals, this makes me feel guilty. but here's what i know...
congrats on your new mentors. "cory leo, i love her!"
hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured, get well soon. we need unity &amp; leadership.
hillary should have had support for police officers before she started to to run
that dog is one smug sob
its what happens when you become a billionaire pup
get real: some nyers claim phone alert made them feel 'less safe' &amp;now fear it'll lead 2 'racial profiling'
this is the age of nuclear, chemical, and biological pressure cookers. mostly blacks live in the target zones.
ovo x's restock on the ovo app
there's an ovo app?
inspired from your article
is it alright with you if i blog about this plz?
yes, i know this well,
i know you do
briefly showed rally before joining showing clinton rally
stops showing clinton rally just before does they are showing rally cnn is talking about
it was long overdue really. but also the kind of societal advance you can barely dare hope to see in your own lifetime!
i'm happy my children will never have to know my embarrassment, the years spent crying into half-eaten night cereal bowls.
these are must haves for a gay porn star.. give me five... what is: a mark henderson photo twitter filters/photoshop pair of adidas truvada
isn't a mark henderson photo and filters/photoshop the same thing? and fyi i don't use/have either
my guess is these photos have already been stolen and put into banner ads by now.
wouldn't be surprised at all.
i'm bummed about the night of monster men running through multiple series, i'm not digging the solo batman book
i'll be honest, i think it's pretty terrible so far. i'm 5 issues in and i'm not feeling it at all.
cho has this one toy that she sleeps with and brings everywhere she goes. it was in the washer for an hour and she was straight up suicidal
she's sentimental so cute love her 10/10 would recommend
i just find it funny that those most willing to use race as an insult, are the "anti-racists"
that's your interpretation. which is at the core of your problem. with , progressives, women
trump campaign manager responds to reports that george h.w. bush is voting for clinton
globalism rules! get your squad on fleek too
what about line work :) ?
rough inker...now you know all my secrets.
suggestions for dealing w a bi-polar person when they're talking in circles &amp; being irrational? leave em alone for a few days? need lipptipp
ppl cycling through depression and/or mania are difficult to be around. tbh, save your energy. meds work if they're willing.
i have no idea if this is real or satire. it's her level of unfunniness but ... conference call? too perfect.
i'm confused, is she suggesting that racism is the problem with contemporary liberalism? if so, i agree!
city playing?
yep swansea
hey had to double check the byline on this i was so sure it'd be yours
great neurotic minds
need to drop it right now all my girls from the need to drop it right now
girl you back it up then stop
are you living the sierra life?
let me unlock my macbook pro with my apple watch and check! you?
josh norman will go "anywhere odell goes...except for slot" in sunday's game against the giants. (via )
. i have been waiting for this about a year now
not sure if you already watch it but omg i can't
oh yes ive seen this but its still so cute &lt;3333333
need some graphics done! can anyone help me out?
yea with what, i gotta go to work, 4-9 shift but i prob could finish it tomorrow
instead of you u guys guaking at me
i didn't say anything about you when i was at the wash nor did i take a picture of you sorry
could make a case for kat, maybe jokic or porzingis. that's about it
favors deserves more disrespect than being put next to dar... plus you never know if video is rolling.
is donnington confirmed? because this year the should have raced there. i'm not a fan of the argentina track.
not confirmed yet because i think silver has a few months to renew, they should be racing at brands but will never happen
blows my mind that still receives hundreds of messages every day. /cc
do you need to, or want to, get involved in the conversation? or just leave the bot to it?
that time was john wayne at the halloween party.
u know , served our country too! he always was a true american hero!
or even worse you get the non black people of color caping too. "my people suffered too, you don't see us rioting"
sis, this ain't the oppression olympics... we ain't out here competing to be the most fucked over by wp. stfu with yo stupid ass.
typical liberal .attack the person, when they have nothing else to talk about.why are you on my timeline?
you tweeted at me.
1 this piece on the end of the is why calls "tiger beat on the potomac."
11 . meet to see how journalism is supposed to work. done for now
we have two names to add to a long list of african americans killed by police officers. it's unbearable, and it needs to become intolerable.
it's both sides it's human beings being killed it's how it's portrayed and worded not helping it creates the thug stealing
they put that out the day before the reveal, so they couldn't mention that it has 3x the lte speeds (up to 450 mbps) as .
the iphone 6s could do up to 300 mbps, which is twice the iphone 6's top download speed of 150 mbps. good reason to upgrade from my 6 plus!
aw ur only free in the morning?
yeah i have training at my new job
why am i so angry all the time?
b/c people suck?
brexits impact on fashion from the weakening pound
it's so cool that how brands are started considering this part of the fashion business!
typical liberal .attack the person, when they have nothing else to talk about.why are you on my timeline?
but maybe you were talking to matt?
if i were you id either pay your designers immediately after purchase or transfer all funds immediately into another account
i dont understand how that solves the problem. and i do pay the designers immediatley
guys, i fucking love . he became one of my best friends in a short time, but i really miss drinking on my...
and all the talks that kept us just a little more sane. i miss you, bruhdda. hope today rules for you.
you would
isn't this fantastical?!
do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning.
she was listening to you and coming right back after you and disputing whatever you siad
your best bet would be to check in that kmart plaza
in waterbury?
is that at calpoly?
no its at san diego county credit union
happy birthday beautiful
thank you darling!!!
not seeing it on either the tablet k1 or the tv. neither under featured or new releases. it's not region-based is it?
where's when you need him?!
someone: rachel isnt that a little hypocritical given how you discuss aos me:
i just got called creepy for telling someone not to sexualize a fifteen year old character
you could easily be hispanic.
hispanic is an ethnicity not a race. latino people come in all colors.
the president hopes to fuel minority turnout by stoking anger, fear and resentment. ...
trump is blowing it away in ohio right now
not sure if you already watch it but omg i can't
also this is in russian ;) eli doesnt speak ukrainian
aww but hey u go girl!
yes yes of course! next time tho
i voted 4 president obama in 2008 + 2012! i have voted democrat for 20 yrs waiting 4 promises 2 the poor to be kept! enough!
i hope more people will follow your lead!!!! go trump
if trump were a flavor of ice cream, he would be whatever flavor you enjoy the least!
this will get a lot of traction during the debate
when we leave people out or write them off, we not only shortchange them and their dreams, we shortchange our country and our future.
talking about yourself again
you should come see skerryvore tomorrow!
we would if we could!! too much to do with
first i'm hearing of it, looking now.
people reporting the president leaving on air force one and accompanied by military style helicopters etc
who would have thought destiny's hardest boss would be its physics engine as you try to bunny hop up a mountain
it wasn't that hard....but super stressful as you got closer to the top...also it felt like destiny chan...
justice shoutout?
omg just realized that. maybe good thing it didn't get picked
so loses platinum status and suddenly the entire mocs system is revamped? coincidence?
fun fact: i top8d the first monthly and never once used the platinum qualification criteria all season.
thank you so much!! i appreciate it! i hope you're having a wonderful day! :)
thank you :)
oooohhh! whereabouts? kinda digging it.
it's on the stairs between douglass and rush rees.
....not enough dead hoodrats!?!
ohhh i find bigotry here! do i win this round??
what are we doing???
finding women who are interested right now, more to come!
this is a disappointing piece. no examination beyond surface, no critical thinking about what lies behind the words.
worse is out's claim to be doing this because they cover all queer people no matter what. they def. don't. that ed. note smh
trump: "she doesn't understand how democracy works, believe me."
omg. i almost fell off my chair laughing at that one. then reality hit... he is just like my mom.
sis, this ain't the oppression olympics... we ain't out here competing to be the most fucked over by wp. stfu with yo stupid ass.
what we're not going to do is act as if racism in america is gone and we aren't being targeted and executed by our skin color.
real n*gga hours who up i just cried in a savers parking lot
i've also cried in the savers parking lot
new hampshire is the lynchpin in trump's win-without-pennsylvania plan. w/o it, no path to 270.
lol trump will win via landslide google trends predicting cafepress sales
i was watching a sweden video and they said the pakistanis were the ones that rape children.
so much evil. who knows what's accurate. we need to sort our own 1st. so we can see clearly.
unidentified man adjusts orlando teleprompter
are there any reporters there you can ask?
. let's be fair, sugar's minutes went up 12 per game, pts went up 6 per game. she got better opportunity too, right?
i believe sugar got the minutes bc she produced not the extra minutes helped her 2 produced. bottomline a great year!
together, we will make america safe and great again!
that is how it should be
building an inclusive economy is another reason we've got to break down systemic racism, including under-investment in communities of color.
the only thing that will be broken down are your posters and signs!
sell your clothes on depop
bree then i'll be naked :-/ i don't own a whole thrift store like you :-( *remains broke*
yes, probably over all this week. can't trust watkins, and sharpe is the only one i'm debating about
so if you had to drop one in order to pick up and start -- whom would that be?
breaking: new hampshire hrc 47 djt 38 gj 10 js 1 ayotte 47 hassan 45 sununu 49 van ostern 43
&lt;---- caught red handed for their fake polls - too funny !!
is there an equivalent from the and 's safari teams? /cc
it's not an issue in safari technology preview
there must have been a golden age of tv that was as forward-thinking, informative and diverse as podcasts are today.
public access buddy! still going strongish ;) but access to means of distribution are the difference.
can't wait to try it darling. let me know how you get on
the consuming of it w/straw seems counter dumpling intuitive darling
triggly is also a young adult student whereas paglia is a mature, and much older professor
this is considerable, definitely, but not an excuse for infantile behavior, or the perpetuation thereof.
dansby swanson, the 22 year old ss for the atlanta braves
solid prospect....decent fielder, line drive hitter, bottom of the order type guy
no photoshop literally just found it...definite doodoodoodoo
scary.... now find jamie, lol
i thought you were done seeking validation, boo? were you lying that you had better things to do?!
you're my coffee break back to work now. i know you'll miss me but oh well. deal with it.
dick cheney mike pence wants to be like him? mike you have no shame!
you are right, pence has no shame!! i wonder what cia agent he will out as his "role model" dick cheney did.
feeling high energy! checking my biorhythms:
the energy is flowing! fights at pool today. i left! no t no shade!
"trouble fox" would be my secret service code name, no doubt.
oh yessss so good!
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
i'm with you 100% mr trump!!!!! make america great again
is there like a pre-prepared "talking points to convince your elderly southern grandmother not to vote for trump" that i can snag
have you tried telling her that he eats pizza with a fork and likes his steaks well done?
. on : uncc gathering for keith lamont scott shooting
facts first y'all
they were selling for $15 at shows. truly insane
damn that's fucken dope :(
new hampshire is the lynchpin in trump's win-without-pennsylvania plan. w/o it, no path to 270.
more metrics app maker: trump will win election trump wins over democrat
thank you for checking in yesterday, marshall! how was everything?
wonderful. first time will not be my last. :)
"i don't believe my son knows how to navigate in life being a superstar." -ezekiel elliott's father
he wont be a star so dont worry stacy
i miss you so bad. love you brother.
love you, mane. i might cry today.
is donnington confirmed? because this year the should have raced there. i'm not a fan of the argentina track.
i would love to see laguna again, watkins glenn us would be insane, mexico2018, lausitzring, hockenheim.
i am going to tweet this before the board game gets popular and you have to say it all the time. you're welcome .
i think we will be ok ;)
yellen: most participants agree 1 rate hike is likely this year.
oh froldy la
just want a bad bish that's all
where's bootaytay when you need her
leaving armenia for london
safe travels big guy.
what we're not going to do is act as if racism in america is gone and we aren't being targeted and executed by our skin color.
it's really upsetting bc a lot of y'all can turn off your tv and be done with it but black people have to live like this...
no but fr i have 3 closets
yeah, yeah, but no i have three closets
steph, obama doesn't care if 74% of americans disapprove of his refugee program! he has a dictator mentality! paul...
come to think of it, paul ryan runs things like a dictator too;he needs to become a democrat!! trump 2016!!!!
have a crazy scoop with about dark money likely arriving by dawn.
be a little more dramatic dude
@ indy, la's vegas &amp; boise should all be tomorrow from what i heard. depends on promoter and venue. sorry wish we had more info.
thanks for your help; i know it must be tough to keep up! we sincerely appreciate all that you do!
yeah go for it! just give me photo credit
thanks so much! we will send you the link!
we have no defense lol
we have no goaltending. everyone is scared to approach that topic.
yellen "our decision not to raise rates does not reflect our lack of confidence in the economy" - ftmfw
i'm lying of course since we have a negative economy and what difference at this point, does it make! - yellen
my mom likes to do this thing where she'll text me during school and encourage me to just walk out
wish my mom did this
for a succinct summary of what went wrong in the middle east watch first 4 minutes of peter berg's film the kingdom
skips over the iranian revolution. different world had the us been willing to shut that down.
calling shenanigans on claim of `ridiculously fast ui` - beachballing and unusable scroll performance in a 52k commit repo :(
have to shut off remote branch tips/virtual branch tips in order to make it usable. hard to search for commits this way.
netherlands? ireland? or scotland? but i don't fly. could i kayak?
technically you could, but i doubt the kayak would hold enuf provisions for the trip : (
im mad bc i love the juniors and im not a junior
story of my life
he was such a precious kid it hurts to see these flashbacks
so what do you make of reiju?
a writer for out is currently arguing with me because "the advocate had putin on their cover!" this is that cover.
. they sound just delightful.
i think microsoft crowing about native 4k is going to bite them in the ass next year.
maybe they went to companies like cd projekt red or those who make bigger games &amp;got input on what they wanted
lucy, those 1st graders were all about hungry lion! ;) the 4th graders gasped at the end of hat, jon.
that makes me super happy! thank you for letting me know! it's weird to think it's out in the world!
nyc, i'm here! my album premiere show starts tomorrow at the beechman theatre on 42nd st and...
yessss!! see you on saturday
really? bottom of the order? he gets on base at a high percentage though.
like a hitter, he's not really fast, maybe
when i finally get back home from my 7:30 am class
lmao this is me
hillary covered for bill clinton raping women
says a lot doesn't it. ambition above people
24, but i hate them trying to find a better gym that isn't too pricey lols
i pay 20 each month
breaking: florida hrc 46 (was 48 in aug) djt 41 (was 39) rubio 47 (was 48) murphy 45 (was 43)
&lt;--- caught red handed for their fake polls for hillary - too funny !
will i do that.
only because you asked so nicely
mike pence calls dick cheney his role model for vp //all you need to know.
if the evangelicals wanted to pick a phony role model, they got it with mike pence. anti woman &amp; people of color. lies like a rug.
it could be at some point. kf98 is compatible with xbox one, so you know snk playmore is on board
i don't see kof 98 it in the official list
if i started an advice column, would you be here for it?
i would. (also, let me ghostwrite when you go on vacation)
right... you should have thought that one through... haytch d.
it's actually pronounced h so
there was a bomb in queens ? deadass ?
had to be cause i felt a big ass eruption that shook the crib just a couple mins ago
nah ashlyn's bougie come to penn state lol
lmao, wow, you know me too well.
yellen: most participants agree 1 rate hike is likely this year.
oh fraldy la
just felt a massive shockwave that shook my home - and my wife felt it across town too. hope nothing serious
allegedly sonic boom from usaf.
child marriage permitted in 117 countries, report finds:
also used to be common in the middle ages. at least we have evolved.
building an inclusive economy is another reason we've got to break down systemic racism, including under-investment in communities of color.
then why are you available for fundraisers w/ hollywood, hamptons, captains of industry, i.e.,1%, only ...not we the people?
i'll send someone 5 beats for that rebirth of a nation shirt thats coming out soon
or 6 beats for $100 today only
i don't understand why y'all so pressed about this pic?? it's not shit wrong with it.. some ppl need to grow up
what's wrong here?
curious about you saying war crimes and default on debt, can you explain i don't know what you mean.
killing civilians, torture "even if it doesnt work", geneva convention "is the problem"
building an inclusive economy is another reason we've got to break down systemic racism, including under-investment in communities of color.
then why are you available for fundraisers w/ hollywood, hamptons, captains of industry, i.e.,1%, only ...not we the people?
new hampshire is the lynchpin in trump's win-without-pennsylvania plan. w/o it, no path to 270.
even more why a trump victory in november is a virtual certainty
i really don't.. if i would have known about this earlier i might have gone
got my neighbor to take it. he's and old dog like buiss..
my gma and mother hate weed so much they think that the reasoning for the bomb threats it's cause of medical marijuana
they wild'n
head over to our snapchat for a chance to win 2 tickets to 's ! : whitesox
who wants to win those tickets to see the sorry ass non contender white sox , they can't play &amp; sorry ass hell
maybe you could defend on some level once this hits? there will be breathless reporting without...
yeah, i'm so personally conflicted on this that i'm guessing it's pointless for me to write about it. but i might anyway.
. wrong. no emails mentioned paterno. none
curley email: "after giving it more thought and talking it over with joe yesterday, i am uncomfortable with... next steps."
ending 50-year occupation &amp; establishing pal. state may mitigate hatred &amp; will help to secure israel's future in any case.
how'd it work out when israel withdrew from gaza?unicorns will fly above b4 there's a functioning, non-terror palestine
i'm trying to make a way without living in sin.
aye check this shit out right here. dis dude right here is my nig, mane. &amp; im not givin a fuck how ya feel about it.
no more clinton-obama! obama tries to address his failures with final mideast peace push...
no way he can promote peace! he hates israel and loves muslims!
i wanted to tag in something on fb but i couldnt find you on there
i don't have one anymore send me when you were gonna tag me in ! lol
biology isn't as bad as people make it seem
on a scale of 1 to 10 lmao
the fun has yet to begin haha
lol oh stop you're gonna be sitting by the craps table with the grandparents
welcome thank you for the follow :-) have a great day!
same to you ! support welfare when you thru
i know you got another nigga trynna play the part
just cuz he got heart don't mean he got heart
. would leave americans defenseless. americans deserve better.
so very true! maga
big shouts to my friend and hero thank you for your continued for all!...
my cgi partner can't wait to see you in la!
"grace" - danny golden. ..is a friend of mine. this is his first single. so talented and a lovely man.
lovely song by danny golden. thanks for sharing, john. no doubt he appreciates your support and holds dear your friendship. x
"i don't know if you saw - 50 to 1 in advertising and i think we're actually winning," trump says, referring to clinton ad spending.
aside from being wrong about winning and being outspent 50 to 1, trump would be correct.
in response to accelerating growth globally, four communication security experts join the koolspan team
congrats to you all as well!
this is amazing i'm dead i can die happy having seen this oh my god
also kate as ann romney in the background throwing rice on them
thanks for posting that.
it's crazy that there needs to be explanation for some people. and by crazy, i mean utterly ridiculous.
looking fwd to the primer, ! watch our live interview w/ 's ceo @ 11:30 a c...
thank you!! do you have a lync we can use to advertise this awesome opportunity?
the post-referendum economy: data defies gloomy uk predictions
it's almost like those predicting doom and gloom were people who wanted a different vote outcome. weird!
be a little more dramatic dude
at dawn he hit publish and world was anew again
i just checked out your about having nothing but politics you win! i have lots of interests read?
no you don't. what did you just check the last hour talking to this other guy who might as well be you.
i'd name yours meiosis and mitosis
that's been the plan all along haha
thought jasons 6yr old cousin n i were bonding co-writing a song on piano til she announced, ok everyone, jellin and i have written a song
lol jellin what was the name of the song?
always the first in line for my brothers in ...
and kelly t lemieux you guys are here in spirit. can't wait to see you guys back in the road!!!
the president hopes to fuel minority turnout by stoking anger, fear and resentment. ...
he is looking bad love that retired look he had jumping out of air force 1 yesterday
your czi article typos "nobel" as "novel" fyi
thanks! fixed
new stock ticker symbol idea for the googs: fomo
reader for g+, voice for {nil}, treat hangouts as a slack analog while doing two disconnected consumer messenger apps. oof.
sunshine i know we talked about this but i seriously thought of a vampire story to this song.
i love that.
please un-@ me from this thread
will i do that.
lulz - just posted that to company chat, didn't know rachel did too!
hmm, i am not sure if some your colleagues appreciate hearing about me on flowdock (unless it's on non-sequitur!).
it's really upsetting bc a lot of y'all can turn off your tv and be done with it but black people have to live like this...
we have to live with a fear of the people meant to serve and protect bc the wrong one could cross your path. but we can't even say that...
in the words of mark twain "the reports of my death are greatly exaggerated." will be on today during the 3:00 pm hour. tune in!
mark twain would have excluded cnn.
you wrote watch the whole clip, i did. sure racism exists, everywhere, white on black, black on white, all colors.
i never said it doesnt exist among us. were getting into the weeds here tho, lets stick to the issues
or i could be lying, daniel.
or... you may just be "all that", michael !!! who is to say otherwise???
in the words of mark twain "the reports of my death are greatly exaggerated." will be on today during the 3:00 pm hour. tune in!
mark twain would have excluded cnn.
stops showing clinton rally just before does they are showing rally cnn is talking about
leaves speech to interview (though keeps up image of for a while) covering
egotistical people become like and . ...
thank you!
we are now at the conference!
, and well represented at the !
could be standin in the field but he still ain't in the field
if anything should change then i thought we had a deal
finally! i did some last minute shopping for twitchcon, got some little extra's like a fan and plasters :3 and. i got socks for
what kind? i'm picky af
i fervently pray the campaign isn't taking advice from joe lieberman. is trolling?
you can take the candidate out of the dlc, but you can't take the dlc out of the candidate.
im no longer impressed,
3-space is pretty braggable though
if you don't like the policies of a restaurant (e.g. no photography), don't go there. don't pretend to comply and break the house rules.
do that many places not allow photography? they are usually super nice when i bring my camera...
trump says limiting admission of refugees to the us is "not just a matter of terrorism but a matter of quality of life"
quality of life for all the refugees and descendants of refugees already in the us?
neighbor says 'no way' was chicken shack terrorist acting alone via
hey where is noor salman! the accomplice in the orlando terrorist attack?
this isn't even the nerdiest thing i've said this week, that's the crazy part.
thank you for inventing sustainable agriculture.
is there a *good* time to go to the san francisco dmv on a thursday, or is it just going to be agonizing no matter when i go?
i should have been more clear: i'm not a dmv n00b; i know about appointments. next available as far out as sacramento is oct. 24th
everyone has been emo. even if it was only for 30 seconds.
lol babes i'm emo 24/7 it's okay tweet it
happy birthday beautiful i hope you have a great day today! if you have a party lmk lol i love you
aw thanks bby!!! i'll let u know lmao i love you!!
.'s love letter to 'suits,' a comforting dose of blue-skies luxury television
i'm willing to die on suits island with you... or at least become very emaciated from malnutrition.
music hall - you goin' ?
chloe and i are doing the 10th at hammerstein
tomorrow is the day!
im so excited oh my god
if you have a code. wc and ds not sold out yet. any unplayed games will be refunded.
got mine!!!!
you work for atlassian?
yea i am apart of the bitbucket operations team.
my skin glows in the dark shines in the light it's the color that holds me tight
really beautiful
this is so me
the first pic is too many layers for me
brands hatch.?. its too dangerous for bsb never mind a gp bike. silverstone is clearly the best track for it.
it would never happen, not disagreeing on that. hockenheim can though
really? bottom of the order? he gets on base at a high percentage though.
braves suck anyway except when they play the mets...lol
but i get why people are triggered by the word "anti-pattern." i don't like being told what's best for me, either :d
i find anti-patterns are like code smells - they'll show up, &amp; aren't bad by themselves, but too many and it's a sign of problems.
i'm excited. how far into house of leaves are you?
about 90 pages. the explorer team is investigating the hallway. i'm savoring it, bit by bit.
i wish i could give a gift as great as the one he gave me happy birthday!
what a cute bear
supergirl is too much sometimes. a journalist just got access in 30 seconds to all of the traffic signals in the city lmaooo
let it be known that the entirety of the episode involving the internet is utterly ridiculous
he earned that, so no i don't begrudge him that, but i can't find anyone else who did that. heh.
he's an innovator.
cannes is going to be nuts.
baumbach will probably be sundance. curious if arp will try for dfn.
it's nice to know that u think all muslims are guilty...
what does that have to do with my tweet? i never said all muslims are guilty, goofus.
so trump makes a 2nd dog-whistle to shoot clinton but a tv clown says it's ok-it wasn't as loud as the 1st vol.6 vid
omg keith! i loved today's closer! love them all so far. how i wish you could say these things to trump's miserable face.
we have to live with a fear of the people meant to serve and protect bc the wrong one could cross your path. but we can't even say that...
without being called ungrateful or anti police . i'm not anti police, i'm anti murder. i'm just trying not to die or turn on my tv and see
q6: does social come in to play when you watch tv? any shows/networks doing a particularly great job with their social strategy?
q6: not at all. if a show has got me hooked, my phone is nowhere near my hands because i don't want to miss a thing...
can't wait to try it darling. let me know how you get on
it's kind of soup dumplings from outer space. on first look i recoil in horror but eventually i see the dumpling
you've nailed amy's expression, i've never seen her captured so perfectly
i feel attacked
nooo i drink the rawest of coffee blends like its nothign i noticed it was a little strong but i thought it had chocolate lol
makes sense tho i feel like concentrate a lil thicker too but praying for ur resting heartbeat
not sure what to make of this one...
arrived! you must travel at the speed of light!
without being called ungrateful or anti police . i'm not anti police, i'm anti murder. i'm just trying not to die or turn on my tv and see
someone else die with there hands up. i don't want to get used to that.
i know i'm pushing my luck but if we could get a picture i'd be so happy.
let's try at the end of the program today. i'll meet you by the stage at 5.30p.
i just did this. arrive at 7:10 and you'll be 15th in line. twiddle thumbs for 45 minutes then get seen almost immediately at 8
that's good advice except 7:15 am
your trumpians keep finding me in a tweet you linked me in
so i have to deal with it and now so do you
paterno did the max he could with the limited information he had at the time he had it.
i know you believe that, but the willful ignorance joe &amp; others showed is why sandusky wasn't arrested till 2011.
thank you!!!!!! i miss y'all sm
miss you to see ya in nov
well, , does solar need a brand? via
a so-bloody-lutely. particularly at the consumer level where it is still defined by a 45-y-o wikipedia def.
thank you for being open &amp; having the courage to speak on it. much needed.
welcome a.j. appreciate you reading.
"[hillary] doesn't understand how democracy works." -
she only understands power and domination! subjects not citizens.
what's the correct answer
knowing how cheap ass... mr pibb.
do that many places not allow photography? they are usually super nice when i bring my camera...
most allow and encourage. some don't. like brooklyn fare (with very rare exceptions).
ya damn right, just hit a nigga up with a day's heads up lol
strip club and dollar bills
someone didn't tuck in their tail all the way &amp; have got a funky cheese fold going on
funky ass cheese fold lmao
geez! i ended up having to turn off 2-step security, sign out/back in, then enable 2 factor.
i didn't the same, but still nothing. i've rebooted all devices involved as well. no dice.
another "knapplc is old" joke.
no this is a "knapplc is making ridiculous claims again" joke.
anyone that tells u smaller venues are just as important as arena rallys are losing their shirts
and losing their minds!
2016 would a good time for anyone who ever respected mike pence's integrity to rethink their whole life.
those who respect mike pence, what you are seeing is the real mike pence. he has no political credentials, he's a rw talk radio nut
it's nice to know that u think all muslims are guilty...
never dais that, moron. but if you read the quran. well.
just had a gate agent get physical w/ me. refused to print my ticket, raised his voice, covered his name badge so i couldn't see.
told you that "thermonuclear" wisecrack was gonna be trouble. or was it spelling of "aeroplane," which can get you deported?
who arms "isis"? is it true that 75% of weapons come from the us?
possibly you can answer that question by editing out "of ." business is good.
i totally feel this since sanji was never one of my top mugis i'm glad odas expanded on him
my favorite moments with sanji don't involve girls at all lol
trump says he has to "turn out the doubters, cynics, and naysayers." those were many of the voters i met who liked trump in the primaries.
and more important, turn out the under-educated.
i think the link is broken on the be part of community tweet :)
thanks for reporting. not sure what happened. it is up now.
have trump fans actually attacked anyone? cos so far all we've seen are sjws attacking trump fans - and trump himself.
many have. like this 69 year old woman assaulted in nc.
you are thinking about it wrong. it all depends on the definition of "cure".
get humanity to extinction and problem solved!
thankful for
thankful for
the president hopes to fuel minority turnout by stoking anger, fear and resentment. ...
your audience is unenthrauled
it proudly hangs in my office. first thing i hang up everywhere i move. :)
you'd rock again if you pre-order her book -you can ask her if you're in this one ;)
this is my better one, getting the hang of it lol
yeah i need to learn how to do this lol
hey that's low
no, being absolutely serious. had 2 cut her off via state supreme ct 12yrs ago.
if u bet rangers coming at del i think he's coming down was much the best but did impede the 3's path..
got that one right..tough beat rangers coming shipping from the spa grass breeding great price to bad if u bet to win..delaware
happy for you and your new murican life!
thank you! it's coming together:))
did sick hillary's top aid huma help find underage girls for her husband, anthony weiner?
how truly sad and just sick and demeaning !
it's not changing, it's just for people getting new phones
phone numbers*
well, , does solar need a brand? via
no one has defined solar and its meaning to the consumer...until today/tomorrow. watch this space.
no papu blockchaincrypt es la posta
first they laugh at you, crosa... remember. ;)
honeymoon 2016: aka stumping for across italy, clarifying that hillary and trump are not actually mostly the same.
don't stop when you get back to america!
i have to duck out early to go drink wine, i mean, see a contractor about a bathroom...but i am just going to leave...
ha! i might have to "see a contractor" soon too!
bruh what the heck....
!!!! what is this
u forgot the king of all bull shit artists
you worship oscuma and killary and call trump a bullshit artist? lol! god, you're an idiot! lol!
ah, so, apparently when you create a new firebase app you're now creating a new google cloud project?
yep. you can also import it the other way around.
this fit ok???
thats so cute on u omfg
no its just that hiss that lets you know something is very wrong with your dairy (u know the one)
yeah the hiss that lets me know that there is a snake in my perfect milk
dont worry. i retweeted it. give it 10 min
kt to the rescue
make sure to check your tires you dont want to go of a cliff like last time while pullin up
inch last time is not arman
when you suddenly get the feels for
glad to know i've made a lasting impact!
or maybe a better question is when did the internet actually start to _matter_ to you? was there a specific community or platform or thing?
metafilter, a list apart, and . maybe 1998? 99? idk.
*....it is an object containing so much mass concentrated in a relatively small space that light can...
confession time? impulsive meditation. fermat's last theorem. i open sourced a plot. a private dic-tator.
buy me food
only if you make me food.
live on : this rally is so freaking small. omg.
hillarys rally's are more like tupperware parties in someone's front room!
rudy giuliani tells us how we got here. via
if you are relying on giuliani then kellyanne, you're dumber than i thought. do u know how disliked giuliani is ??
historic! congrats to new salinas police chief adele heidi frese, the 1st female police chief in salinas!
she's a mother of 4, former us marine, highly qualified &amp;made greenfield pd 1st to implement police body cams on centralcoast
:goes and buys 30 more socks:
im going to japan, you scream at the sock merchant
most likely trump is meeting with david duke...
really? show me the photo, meathead. here's your racist, doofus.
getting inspired by art makes me feel great because it reminds me that i still got it in me to create
damn even more creative, this rhymed
are u charging alot??
no they are reasonable
almost 1/2 of wi ds/ d-leaning independents say they'd prefer as d nominee. among them: 15% back gary johnson, 9% jill stein.
perhaps they can help welcome president trump...
this is dope
heard it on one of the sonder mixes..i've been appreciating it ever since.
it's both sides it's human beings being killed it's how it's portrayed and worded not helping it creates the thug stealing
some people see it as opportunity to take a a vantage of the situation and ventilation of hard working people
all traditional brick 'n mortar banks are desperately trying to compete with digital. won't be long, gonna miss my...
i haven't used a brick and mortar bank for over 10 years.
did you get a quote? i have not seen anything from your name. can you dm us with your email address if you still need a quote?
i've received nothing... i'll dm you right now.
them were the best days lol never had our licenses but always on the road and didn't need anyone else to have a good time...
lmao true we drove around forever without license
loose lips sink ships. learn something.
- i learned the hard way by telling secrets to pinays.
something went wrong....as usual
hillary is all wrong, not just this clip!
historic! congrats to new salinas police chief adele heidi frese, the 1st female police chief in salinas!
i look fwd to working w her to build stronger bridges between our police dept &amp;the community to strengthen community policing!
describing myself w/three fictional charactes...
mine would be kyle rayner, jon snow and paul atredies
we have two names to add to a long list of african americans killed by police officers. it's unbearable, and it needs to become intolerable.
really, hillary?
tonight!!! my carnegie hall concert w/ climate week! ...
hope it goes well. jack of all - many trades.
please un-@ me from this thread
your trumpians keep finding me in a tweet you linked me in
girl you back it up then stop
babygirl, after you back it up and stop yeah, after you back it up and stop)
and the blue eyed ones all have eyes the same shade as the ocean they'll drive you to drown yourself in.
what car are they driving me in though?
when i call the elementary schools they say "sorry, we don't have one. we are an elementary school." that's unacceptable...
kids should have access to the performing arts even at that level of education. i did!! and now i'm sad.
1 this piece on the end of the is why calls "tiger beat on the potomac."
13 one of the celebrities i saw at the was matt damon. this is why he was there to "see and be seen"
your the cop, gun drawn, yelling "stop" man walks to car, begins to enter. what harmless motive would explain this?
cops don't know his car is broken down, he could have been trying to flee, point is her life was not in danger
seen them? looking to locate these two for questioning on 27th st suitcase
looks like so many people in nyc. i'm sure we will find them. that's 7 blocks south of my office
counterfactual:1.taser misses, no shot fired, man jumps in car, speeds away. high speed chase results in fatalities
would have been unfortunate bt the correct way to handle him getting in his car. also we still hav road spikes
wow (almost) ever commit starts with an emoji
yeah it's great he might have a script for certain categories?
personally conflicted in that you don't believe in it?
nope. in that my wife is relying on it. conflict of interest.
i got in so much trouble for taking this lol
awe it's hilarious tho
find them suspecksss
chill lol its full of secret service lol obama in town
where did you hear that
on twitter of course
i had a whole talk w/ them about how you made the book &amp; when i told them you used crayons to make it, their eyes got so big!
lol i love that! i just bought a new box of 64 to work on the new book and it feels so fancy-sharpener on the back!!
hey there! don't give up on us yet. can you dm us your account's email address? we'll help out /mv
i think the last straw for me is the inability to turn off "deluxe" (read: "99% useless and awful") album tracks. fun 6 years.
neil gaiman hasn't managed to invent hyperblack clothing yet so he's still aspiring right
maybe it's a typo, dc is going to choke off their creativity and they meant to say "aspirating writers."
you unfollowed me?
i don't remember doing so but yes i just realized too
it's a very good line
but you are running to be a world leader, my friend
trump will promise u the moon, no different from any other politician.
ah! ha! ha! ha! from a president pinocchio worshiper? ah! ha! ha! ha! classic comedy. lol!
isn't the pta in production? or have they not started filming.
i think i ready it will be ready by fall. will probably play nyff or venice.
state dept admits: terrorists posing as refugees -
we already know that.thats why we needtrump as president to stop this craziness
what the hell, ? interrupts clinton's speech to offer commentary and talk about trump at a black church? jesus christ.
that's because the media is a bunch of ratings whores. they couldn't give a flying shit about the public interest.
personally conflicted in that you don't believe in it?
nope. in that my wife is relying on it. conflict of interest.
a few more fun office shots from our press event last night - i need one of these aprons stat.
so cute!! can't wait to hear/see more!
we're giving away a signed jersey on oct 1st! follow &amp; tag to enter! w...
team nort america
the next time the cops claim someone had a gun, remember this slmpd cop planting a gun. i told y'all they plant guns
a childhood friend became a st. louis cop years ago he told me that all keep/use hold out guns r knife in case
so infowars is fully on board with trump, huh? they're all gathering in one place at least.
oic, that youtube video is a girl from infowars
uh oh: report suggests clinton flack david brock is laundering money through media matters
clinton chickens!!! are coming home?... too roost!...
building an inclusive economy is another reason we've got to break down systemic racism, including under-investment in communities of color.
amplifying a bad situation not helping just adding fuel to a fire
i can't believe you posted this, you're nuts
hey i left the name out
easy, why's no-one done it ?
the "shit" part is technically involved but we are recruiting the best brains. everything else is easy.
uh oh: report suggests clinton flack david brock is laundering money through media matters
is he "deplorable" ??
tfw you tweet a joke about tax evasion to him
seems a little silly to just scream and bull rush with your hands down don't you think?
not sure if i'm more excited about coming to my apt tomm or the ridic birthday gift i just commissioned for
i'm a few blocks!! happy to see you! traffic no so hapoy
carrick still got it
carrick goal
1 of the only qualities i genuinely like abt myself is planning ahead because things rarely fall through for me
happy wife makes a happy life
this is keith lamont scott. the man, a police officer shot and killed, in charlotte.
something similar to him and . they are large dark skinned men. nothing scarier...
you are thinking about it wrong. it all depends on the definition of "cure".
get humanity to extinction and problem solved!
oops, i should have said cum shots *and* intimacies they're both in there! xo
i figured! thanks for the shout out :)
. you might also like this short video on :
cool, thanks!
every year since 2013 for me has been gradually worse and worse and i want to die because of it
hi i love you &amp; you are my best friend
so infowars is fully on board with trump, huh? they're all gathering in one place at least.
oic, that youtube video is a girl from infowars
i just did the same thing! lol it's too hard to decide for yourself, for sure!
literally all i could think of is sheldon cooper, it there's so much of him that i'm also not
i want to hear from my day 1 fans. tweet me your questions.
yeah we have a few ..........
but i've been kind all day. why you hate me
definitely don't hate you! was watching greys and derek said it to mer always love you boo
trump in ohio: "the washington insiders, they're panicking... this wasn't supposed to happen... but it's happening."
yup, including the bush clan! sad
fuck dome tracks, go straight off the reference
said the a&amp;r
$15 shock mount for yeti
nice. thats same arm i have right
poochie is still teething, and has an affection for toilet paper. he's so cute tho.
very cute. thankfully they usually get over the major chewing issue as they mature. usually
this is keith lamont scott. the man, a police officer shot and killed, in charlotte.
something similar to him and . they are large dark skinned men. nothing scarier...
can i ask you something... if you gotta man, why you riding my dick?
same reason you are
i help by retweeting and getting youtube streamers new subs and also give advice to ways they can grow their channel
got it. well check out (streaming right now) and keep up the work sir!
christie blasts clinton comments on police shootings: "she's a disgrace"
hillary is pandering for the black vote-she is a disgrace &amp; hypocrite...
- how is it possible for me to be so rich, and still have yellow-brown colored teeth?
what can i say --spewing shit leaves stains.
lmfao you be right with us so don't laugh
yup right with y'all ..! because i took the picture
new album from all get out up for pre-order,
placed my order for the light green inside white variant. thanks for the heads up! turning on notifications what a great idea.
!!! here comes a new challenger !!!
they biffed it with the sesame extending to the dog part of the bun.
we were chatting on blowout, might be easier to send pics of my prizm on here. give me a follow and ill send some pics
thanks for the easy deal!
yup and they just released this mount too. i'm not paying $60 for that other one. competition is good!
oh thats not the official one. whats the name of what you using
what's tea?
girl look at the tweet before that.
and, remind me of how many products has made in the usa???
trump has no track record creating american job. supporters hope
me and david thought this was you!
well we know you could never do that but same hair and similar eye/face shape
i'm unclear on what you're talking about here...
whatever you want it to be
i can't put my bookshelf together because we don't have a hammer... or a screwdriver, or a drill lmao fml
bitch i have a hammer downstairs
happy birthday to the number one madrid fan ! have a great day!
thanks alex. they're playing right now. i hope they win.
this is actually really cool and something i think you need
super cool, although knowing me it'll still take three days to decide which edit i like best.
really enjoy knowing i'm the only single one out of my friends and only one that won't have a date for homecoming
can you be my date
and hope hates aiden for lying but gives deimos a pass after she murdered the wrong guy. ok
hope &amp; deimos will be celebrating thanksgiving dinner soon! lol!
exemplary work - done all alone - by this officer today in nyc amidst chaos on 6th ave. thank you. ...
headed to ?
everywhere else is 25+
this is some bull
best chromebook. go.
oh oh i got it: no chrome book?
bills &amp; adpro sports hs coach of the week | inside the bills
so proud of you eric. keep it going. go mustangs!!!
i would kill someone for some dior thigh-high boots
-screams in broke-
u forgot the king of all bull shit artists
lol! i can't believe that killary calls you stupid (you are) and you bring up trump. lol! only an obot! lol!
honeymoon 2016: aka stumping for across italy, clarifying that hillary and trump are not actually mostly the same.
trump is our version of berlusconi
hey best of luck guys, sending you all the positive vibes that we could muster up. show the world what you can really do!
thanks so much!
this is keith lamont scott. the man, a police officer shot and killed, in charlotte.
something similar to him and . they are large dark skinned men. nothing scarier...
i'm hella confused rn, the king of the super duper hyphy, why?
y'all crazy.
but i've been kind all day. why you hate me
definitely don't hate you! was watching greys and derek said it to mer always love you boo
trump out of context: "boom, they have a problem. boom."
there's that out of context thing again. usually irks me, but this one is pretty fitting. still works 4 him.
edinburgh/london/paris
few places i enjoyed
dear thank you for not messing my order just once but twice. what's good
oh is your phone still out of commission? i texted you
it's going to be so great! hope to run into you sometime!!
definitely!!
uh oh: report suggests clinton flack david brock is laundering money through media matters
sorry your trump ad appearances came to such a screeching halt sean. remember ailes the harasser is gone.
wall street has warned theresa may that us companies will need a 'long runway' to prepare for brexit...
. translation: go fuck yourself and the marmite swilling yob you ride in on.
this morning i noticed whirlpools in sink drains were turning clockwise does that have to do with the autumnal equinox?
plumbing. "there are three kinds a pipes..."
i need more promotion than money at this point. without awareness the money won't come regardless
you can pay for it n results will come
so for my internship i have to call around to school districts and ask if they have a drama club/department and what really bothers me is...
when i call the elementary schools they say "sorry, we don't have one. we are an elementary school." that's unacceptable...
i just fainted!!! mucho amor para nuestro vicente!!
omg i've got the video on repeat all day - love it!
for , wrote about the mets and their strange season
you gotta find a way to compare it to bachelor in paradise.
report: more than 24 banks financing dakota access pipeline via reject banks backing global ruin
is citi one?
known cowards: several terrorists were under investigation before they attacked |
but we've been told they have been totally vetted!
the blog is about to go up with the next three robert mcginnis covers at you want to see them?
you asked if i was ready, and i said i was ready, but i was not ready. those covers are simply made of dreams.
it's not even my money!!! it's getting charged to my work card lmfao shopping for my job
lmao best kind of money... not yours lmao
obama had his chance in israel/palestine. he blew it. why meet with netanyahu today? magical thinking? me,
obomb nobel from hell mass murder pillager baby killer bush on steroid unaccountable
middle finger edition - michael conlan signs with top rank one month after famous post-fight meltdown...
ok once was funny...stop while your ahead
so infowars is fully on board with trump, huh? they're all gathering in one place at least.
infowars? what's that gotta do with the links i provided?
i believe sugar got the minutes bc she produced not the extra minutes helped her 2 produced. bottomline a great year!
the future is very bright for williams, rogers and hill, which is great for the wnba. congrats for o/s season.
hellyeah's chad gray doesn't know if mudvayne has a future
dudes balding.
q1 welcome to the 5-year execution anniversary power hour. to begin, who has heard about troy's story? what do u know about him?
a1 was executed in georgia despite serious doubts about his guilt. a would prevent more troy davises
please masterpiece.
chp69 taming a trouser snake:grasp firmly w 1 hand, pet head gently..
lol don't worry about projections...they lie. and i was trying to get vereen off waivers, but somebody...
those projections lie about how close it'll be bruh, you right
behavior like his won't bring more anybody into poker. he was acting the same way towards male players too
i don't doubt it but didn't give those as much airtime &amp; made her seem his target. selective editing makes "great tv".
fuck em, live emo, breathe emo
see, i support this.
whether it's coming from a high school or broadway, it's still the same art. the same message is being broadcast.
l in general, bad idea to cast a race/culture-specific show when you know pool of actors cant represent either
i love &amp;supplementing w plant based protein powder. but key is cutting calories.
and we love you lady!!!
find them suspecksss
chill lol its full of secret service lol obama in town
i'll be on twitch in a couple hours in a public card game store ^-^
i originally followed you on your twitch account thinking you where predominantly a twitch streamer :p the more you know
thanks for sharing your childhood story. it is bound to help many who silently struggle.
vince, i really appreciate you reading. thank you.
counterfactual..officers on scene don't have benefit of hindsight, this was perhaps bad at time, easy for us to say
bullshit, the military is put in these very situations 100 times a day &amp; they do way better than . try again
clinton campaign literally starting to implode 48 days out. this is ours to lose now.
/ hrc's cm was so smug two weeks. now a few reg. questions and he has no comment? disturbing
im ok w/everything in your post, thugs need 2 b held accountable though. trump has incorporated much of that into his policies.
he will literally say we should let assad handle isis, then 30 seconds later he will say we have to th...
one last phone thought before i leave this bad boy and take my tiny work phone to work. this thing is huge.
is that the new one without headphone jack?
known cowards: several terrorists were under investigation before they attacked |
but we've been told they have been totally vetted!
why is every seat in chipotle hard to sit in?
lmk if u need any more hands on deck in re this investigative journalism cc
i think this is the actual right link. now i'm leaving to make fire with sticks like my generation does
welcome back to the internet !
who wants to win those tickets to see the sorry ass non contender white sox , they can't play &amp; sorry ass hell
aberu is right to cust out the sox team members cause they're fucking horrible ass hell
which never happened. the dems just scapegoated and found new ways to use blacks... and i see it's working.
im not voting dem nor republican, so your assumption is null
why it's so rachet there
the school lol, just to visit make a road trip
first question to men about their careers, first question to diana amini "who are you wearing" we can do better...
. that question was about diana amini's career with h&amp;m fdn. &amp; not sexism as you were implying. you can do better...
no. no. no. completely unacceptable!!! no place in a presidential campaign. none. nothing funny abt this nonsense....
i blame the msm.they have accepted trump's behavior as "normal" for him. anyone else would be a disgrace.msm are the disgrace
clinton campaign literally starting to implode 48 days out. this is ours to lose now.
/ hrc's cm was so smug two weeks. now a few reg. questions and he has no comment? disturbing
get me on that with you bro...
once work picks up, i'll try. they're laying guys off right now.
my stepmother also gave me a "a little" food for the plane. it was both dinner and breakfast.
the only filipino food i think i'd pass on is balut. no. way.
dolan's english language premiere is gonna be there to most probs.
he said he's not submitting it to cannes lol
is anyone surprised that lied?! the term clinton news network was coined for a reason. ...
good! lying pos's. can't believe even the weather on cnn!
known cowards: several terrorists were under investigation before they attacked |
but we've been told they have been totally vetted!
a biffa is read-t
i look forward to your reviews
i try so hard not to start shit on facebook, but people are so stupid and ignorant and like, do you not having and friends who aren't white?
they probably don't
i can't believe you posted this, you're nuts
hey i left the name out
editing all day and finally listening through the new local natives album. so dang good.
might be my favorite album this year. every song. so good.
i'm in hartford, ct! nice here today!
(it's nice here in the shade)
"all roads." hah. nice.
can't wait.
raised by wolves new collection is weak and boring as fuck
raised by wolves is kind of a boring brand
we knew years ago that fed would fall behind curve and go thru time of soul-searching... dissents reveal this.
yellen would have had a triple dissent from the doves had she managed to push through rate hike. mutiny on the fomc.
in most states, poll watchers must stay outside of the polls and may not approach people once inside the polling place.
now guns are even invited in depending on state. hardly a peep from news.
he was entitled af. he offered me the job under the guise of "helping a friend." then switched up real quick.
the true definition of a "fuck nigga". sorry you had to go through that.
so infowars is fully on board with trump, huh? they're all gathering in one place at least.
oic, that youtube video is a girl from infowars
before anyone else asks me, no, i would not pick up ronnie hillman. i'd rather have an elephant step on my testicles.
so we'll put you down for 99% against?!.....
known cowards: several terrorists were under investigation before they attacked |
but we've been told they have been totally vetted!
birthday tomorrow!!
thanks so much
i think the music man and rent are the worst musicals ever written.
way more upset about your inclusion of the music man here.
metra releases , but a week later @ board mtg provides no update for riders, yet praises safety record.
so outside of that vre option...nothing else to improve or replace the quality of locos...
1 this piece on the end of the is why calls "tiger beat on the potomac."
12 sorry. just thought of some things i have to add...
but i've been kind all day. why you hate me
definitely don't hate you! was watching greys and derek said it to mer always love you boo
rat. 100 per pair?
yes. 50/ticket. 100/pair
what the hell, ? interrupts clinton's speech to offer commentary and talk about trump at a black church? jesus christ.
that's because the media is a bunch of ratings whores. they couldn't give a flying shit about the public interest.
.: "the african-american community has been extremely loyal to the dems, but unfortunately the dems have no...
the best proof of a bad economy 2 me is the # of minorities willing to face a cam &amp; lie 4 obvious carny barker trump
for the past few weeks i've pretty much not listened to anything outside this screen right here
my chemmmmmm. also yes mountain goats.
when your dad used to leave us his truck and we had to pretend like we knew how to work it
i don't know how i didn't end up crashing that thing
what the hell, ? interrupts clinton's speech to offer commentary and talk about trump at a black church? jesus christ.
that's because the media is a bunch of ratings whores. they couldn't give a flying shit about the public interest.
"i am for america...america first. together, we will rebuild this country beyond our greatest dreams." -
you are a sociopath first. a kkk first
so infowars is fully on board with trump, huh? they're all gathering in one place at least.
so you're saying she's not credible? she was just out interviewing people, granted they were mostly democrats!! lol
have fun guys! i strongly recommend here: although they only have two beers. great fun though.
on the list!
3 fictional characters: ivan, dmitri, and alyosha karamazov.
just kidding, maybe more a bit more accurate
it's 320gb/s. i mis-spoke. sorry for causing a ruckus!
hey atleast you aren't going around promising fake hdr like sony's been doing. we appreciate the honesty dude.
i think the most disappointing thing about that piece is that it normalizes a supporter of views that would put lgbtq rights back decades.
settle a debate: if usain bolt is returning a kick at you full speed do yougo high or low? i say low bc up top would kill you
don king is asking white women to vote trump. we will. you can count on it.
ummm no we won't.
i peeped. clearly she has twitter beef with everybody behind that egg avi.
sucka ass!!
i'm thankful there are big trucks parked in the lot today - they're easy to hide behind, thus avoiding the annoying parking attendant.
i didn't read your column yet. did you write about annoying parking attendant?
i think the most disappointing thing about that piece is that it normalizes a supporter of views that would put lgbtq rights back decades.
settle a debate: if usain bolt is returning a kick at you full speed do yougo high or low? i say low bc up top would kill you
in most states, poll watchers must stay outside of the polls and may not approach people once inside the polling place.
what got me in the gun game was ga's gun everywhere. they only need to be 150 ft away from polling plcs.
a's minor-leaguer sean murphy died of heart condition: via
was sean's condition undiagnosed as well? i was born w/ congenital heart issues, but was diagnosed early. (a miracle in 1962)
going through the guest suggestion now...there's a lot of them!
cough cough digimon tri english cast
in most states, poll watchers must stay outside of the polls and may not approach people once inside the polling place.
what got me in the gun game was ga's gun everywhere. they only need to be 150 ft away from polling plcs.
whoa! didn't expect to see my name in this
anyway... this a great explanation of the motivations for
*apparently, ya know iphones come with spell check
hold up why even trying right now kyle this was 2 guys. and cait for got to leave out i spelt it 4 diff ways when she texted
somali refugee who attacked 9 at minnesota mall 'was former part-time employee' via
somali refugee? you mean somalian terrorist!
you saw me and didn't say hi....
i think you've reached your me quota for the week
metra releases , but a week later @ board mtg provides no update for riders, yet praises safety record.
if they were smart, they should've had a backup plan instead of relying on the state (since they won't change until '18)
and you didn't even try the bacon
me right now
patricia bought a tote bag. i bought anathem by neal stephenson, station eleven by emily st. john mandel &amp; the little friend by donna tartt.
lemme know which one of those you like. i'm still working on dark matter currently
why would you do this
i love hearing unpopular opinions! don't be mad.
cops sittin watchin,they stalking so no talkin,mockin them cuz they cnt locking,stay dodgin cuz my record popn,tryin to giv out time watches
beat a1 , fed files
the dallas morning news,endorses hillary; people immediately cancel their subscriptions
go for the people boycotting the paper.
*apparently, ya know iphones come with spell check
hold up why even trying right now kyle this was 2 guys. and cait for got to leave out i spelt it 4 diff ways when she texted
*apparently, ya know iphones come with spell check
hold up why even trying right now kyle this was 2 guys. and cait for got to leave out i spelt it 4 diff ways when she texted
cops sittin watchin,they stalking so no talkin,mockin them cuz they cnt locking,stay dodgin cuz my record popn,tryin to giv out time watches
beat a1 , fed files
1 this piece on the end of the is why calls "tiger beat on the potomac."
15 they were having a "high-minded discussion" about their work trying to save the oceans.
i step off the bus and a happy lil pitbull comes and licks my arm and greets me
i just imagined pitbull as in mr. worldwide coming up to you and licking your arm omg
you don't believe sesame should be on top of a hot dog bun ever?
maybe if kimchi on it. but in general nah. it's poppy or nothing for me. sesame is too assertive for the subtleties of a weiner.
gotta say i really liked daniel radcliffe in "how to succeed."
sad that i missed it. i heard nick jonas was also good!
reading men explain things to me by rebecca solnit on library lawn and a man stopped by to explain something to me
just got it! starting it now!
i truely don't believe he is a racist. i could bore your videos of praise by sharpton, jackson, ali and so many others.
sharpton and jackson are not the black spokespeople yo lol and ali disavowed trump before he passed. not racist, but a bigot
you forgot to put the period at the end of your statement.
lol it wasn't needed to understand my thought
autumn is almost here! what is your favorite part of running in the fall?
beautiful foliage
report: more than 24 banks financing dakota access pipeline via reject banks backing global ruin
is citi one?
this is keith lamont scott. the man, a police officer shot and killed, in charlotte.
something similar to him and . they are large dark skinned men. nothing scarier...
october 2 i believe maybe i'll see my older friends there
lol this should be fun
what is zellous saying earl?
not sure but probably was pulling 4her teammate sugar 4mip. williams had the better yr but didn't want to see sugar's yr discounted
first question to men about their careers, first question to diana amini "who are you wearing" we can do better...
. that question was about diana amini's career with h&amp;m fdn. &amp; not sexism as you were implying. you can do better...
personally conflicted in that you don't believe in it?
nope. in that my wife is relying on it. conflict of interest.
trump telling people to knock doors, phone bank, learn more on his website. that's normal campaign speak but not oft heard from trump.
interesting that you never mention trump's small donors! which he hardly ever asks for...
wonder if we will hear him justify gov intention for chinese to built 1000 m/watt coal plant in jamaica.
barry i hope he discusses this at the townhall as well as goat island project. plan to ask him if doesn't
is it bad that as soon as someone bumps into me during rush hour i start plotting ways to kill them?
every morning.
in most states, poll watchers must stay outside of the polls and may not approach people once inside the polling place.
what got me in the gun game was ga's gun everywhere. they only need to be 150 ft away from polling plcs.
understood! time constraints can make it difficult to get into details too. each person could've been a stand alone talk
yes! they were horrified when i gave them 5 minutes! kudos to them for rolling with it and really engaging with each other.
looting walmart because a black cop shot a black man is a macro-aggression.
. because there is no bergdorf goodman in the ghetto
you are absolutely right. i'm proud of you to admit defeat already in such a classy manner.
i left that open for you and you took it predictably. i got you and your team read like a book
the universe at work. do you work friday?
yes. i'm working 2-10:30
my managing editor from my days just checked with me about the separate horror and ghost stories bisacs for my backlist titles.
what if there's a horror story involved in the publishing process? does that count as horror?
the fun part is that there is no context bruce was just hiding under harvey's desk because he was already in his office when gordon came in
and also harvey just wants to hold hands in public
excited to announce that i'm joining the cast of ! on nbc!
this keeps getting better and better
if the public had been watching the fomc meeting on tv today, they would have changed the channel. (except those reading this thread.)
you can never go wrong adding friends to a punchline.
,her snitch got immunity taken away cuz of perjury....she goin down...see anonymous
i missed this....when did this happen?
that annie baker doesn't have a show is a tragedy yes i know hbo was going to make one w/her why did this not occur justice 4 this project
give annie baker all the money all the greenlights
i've been a child of god this last month...once october hits tho...
*searches for pictures of you at escape 2015*
2 grx 1080s in this machine. more gtxs being installed in a second, slightly older machine.
why no titan xs?
my assumption is accurate since you actually believe in the realignment myth. who you vote for is irrelevant.
why would a black individual in the 60s want to be a part of a party with open racists? you sound ignorant man
biohub to be located in 499 illinois, mission bay sf... will soon be a neighbor!
inside illumina building??
easy, why's no-one done it ?
the "shit" part is technically involved but we are recruiting the best brains. everything else is easy.
hey, usa! not to tell you your business, but take a look. regards frustrated electronic device user
imagine a day where you can plug your device into the wall and the plug does not slide out of the socket.
bernie allowed us guns bernie gives jobs globalist trade deals steal i go4trump4peace w/russia
trump kkk mental illness. warmonger hrc wars and crumbs.
woke up feeling blessed, until i found out there's no milk for my cereal
didn't you tell me you ate cereal with water one time
journalistic note: the article quotes the comments. assini may have changed, but his words are not "allegations".
reader note: always best to go to the writer or headline writer of the article. thanks :)
it's nice to know that u think all muslims are guilty...
never said that, moron. read the quran if you think it's the "religion of peace." it nice to know you're an idiot!
what is zellous saying earl?
not sure but probably was pulling 4her teammate sugar 4mip. williams had the better yr but didn't want to see sugar's yr discounted
"all your base are belong to us" ;-)
iirc it's used as prime example of engrish
ok serious question how tf am i supposed to go to class when there's literally no parking???lol
i rlly wanna know yall. this shit is impossible
sell ur cars, buy toms truck
tom has a truck i didn't no what is it
next time in london :-)
you will love what we have on the bill for next month ben, possibly worth a trip to nyc for...!
i've never cared for rent.
is that controversial at this point?
love this....because yes i did need something to brighten up my day
"you're doin great!" he should save her voice saying that as his ring tone!
thus far, hillary has cancelled more events in september than she has held.
she quickly penciled in a rally at the frontline outreach ctr in orlando. small crowd!
"we are safer when communities respect the police and police respect communities." -
hahaha....too little too late. you have pandered to blm and the lawless for too long! maga
hanging out with on the hudson
better late than never
who is high light and can carry me at omnigul :p
hit up my clanmate he is 364 right now and grinding is ass off for our worlds first attempt psn: bmx4life_72597
lol oh i'm like there's not much there
lol more for my fraternity really, not for the actual area lol
. will be taking over our account soon! ask him anything using
what's your go-to snack before a race?
hey thank you, i'm doing ok one step at a time but i'm feeling more positive, i want to help others in my shoes
glad 2 hear ur feeling better
the changed the art for the us version, making it less cartoony.
why is frodo dressed like david bowie
i hope they're masked up. our prosecutor just charged a protester from ferguson 2 years after for that
a part of the plan make trouble then arrest those who stand up 2 cops. collecting id, prints from water bottles
. will be taking over our account soon! ask him anything using
what's your go-to snack before a race?
are you ready for the season premiere of ? so happy your tweets made me watch. i'm obsessed now
when is the premier? the hubby and i were tailing about trying to get caught up.
journalistic note: the article quotes the comments. assini may have changed, but his words are not "allegations".
reader note: always best to go to the writer or headline writer of the article. thanks :)
it's nice to know that u think all muslims are guilty...
btw moron, don't you think all repukes are nazis?
w/ lights on or off for jed-eye during sex &amp; what does jed have on her sides ;)
soft candlelight
only 4 hip-hop albums "certified" in 2016 and it's september? just a sad sign of the times i guess.
if there was better quality hip hop out there maybe more albums would be certified
i'm nominating my hardworking teacher friend who always thinks of others
nominates hard working dad that just completed his masters!
this is keith lamont scott. the man, a police officer shot and killed, in charlotte.
something similar to him and . they are large dark skinned men. nothing scarier...
in nyc! anna mentioned you might join us at a client party after!
i would love to !
it's horrible saying this but if we would of let assad handle the savages we wouldn't have this issue
but trump has not said that, as a non-interventionist. im not for trump
powered by girl brings the serious talk about girls' activism [ty ]
we should do a round-up of all these posts and crosslink! pt1: and pt2:
as opposed to republicans who are trying to take their voting rights away.
no not taken away....just to be sure there not bussed in and pulled into voteing booth to vote for hillary
wednesday slay:
so want that dress is rocking
on day 1: -review &amp; remove excessive reg's -end trade violations -cut taxes -repeal &amp; replace obamacare -suspend syrian refugee admissions
love every one of these!
at first i thought kelly was overreacting but i def see now that she at least deserved to know what was going on
right, it's not unfair to at least want to know what's going on with a show you helped build.
love this....because yes i did need something to brighten up my day
"you're doin great!" he should save her voice saying that as his ring tone!
i think the most disappointing thing about that piece is that it normalizes a supporter of views that would put lgbtq rights back decades.
settle a debate: if usain bolt is returning a kick at you full speed do yougo high or low? i say low bc up top would kill you
*apparently, ya know iphones come with spell check
you don't even follow me and you don't even like cait
hey folks! we've got in for a twitter q&amp;a later. get questions in now using
how do you approach these next two races? cautious or aggressive?
going to the spa no more twitter today bye bye!!!
i know that's right!! enjoy!!! take care of yourself!!
known cowards: several terrorists were under investigation before they attacked |
but we've been told they have been totally vetted!
ven a washington tenemos ardillas
i saw the biggest squirrels i've ever seen in my life in central park
they havent been running the ball that much, so he hasnt had the chance
yeah which is confusing to me because all the offseason talk was oh eddie lacy this eddy lacy that, and how he lost weight?
you sound unsure about that
im unsure ab everything:-/ hashtag tumblr
in most states, poll watchers must stay outside of the polls and may not approach people once inside the polling place.
what got me in the gun game was ga's gun everywhere. they only need to be 150 ft away from polling plcs.
she was looking up words on translator
i spent an hour on 2 problems that she got wrong
trump in toledo: "we're going to take care of the miners. who's a miner here?" *silence* trump: "the farmers! we love the farmers!"
*silence*. can i get a school teacher in the inner city? holler back.
the real story should be..don king is 16 years older than hillary but he's much healthier and can walk up stairs.
and beat a man to death.
what is zellous saying earl?
not sure but probably was pulling 4her teammate sugar 4mip. williams had the better yr but didn't want to see sugar's yr discounted
the universe at work. do you work friday?
yes. i'm working 2-10:30
. spoke out about recent officer-involved shootings in tulsa and charlotte.
this is a back handed slap to our police - &amp; everyone knows it. hillary has 0 respect for the law or our borders.
is there any way to let a mac know a wifi network, but not auto-join it? i have test networks and my machines keep jumping over to them.
you can re-prioritize them in system preferences -&gt; network -&gt; advanced, but otherwise i don't think so.
they havent been running the ball that much, so he hasnt had the chance
the man needs touches
i will forever love science, but this is like my 10th time being lectured on cellular respiration/metabolism and i'm over it
the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell
wonder if we will hear him justify gov intention for chinese to built 1000 m/watt coal plant in jamaica.
barry i hope he discusses this at the townhall as well as goat island project. plan to ask him if doesn't
and i asked usenet if i could download a copy and comcast looked at the file size and softly said, "nein."
hey remember when isp's were great and gave you your own 10mb ftp folder and usenet access?
too busy rise of ironing huh
i only played for an hour yesterday and 13 the day before, i'll have u know
wonder if we will hear him justify gov intention for chinese to built 1000 m/watt coal plant in jamaica.
barry i hope he discusses this at the townhall as well as goat island project. plan to ask him if doesn't
where's the sign up sheet?!
come to our booth in the quarry this and next week
it's homophobic that i don't have a tony
tough but fair.
celebrate your half birthday! that's exactly 6 months before/after your b-day. if your b-day is 3/21 then today 9/21 is your 1/2 b-day.
so when is mine if my b/ day is 8/24
"all roads." hah. nice.
can't wait.
in some ways i do prefer the pure sanctimony to stewart's "i'm just a clown, guys" shtick.
well, if anyone would know. btw: see the penultimate paragraph. perfect.
it really is the dumb leading the dumb in trump land.
all dumb are equal but some dumb are more sleazy than others.
is lack of humility about the complexity of disease a disease?
first we need to cure narcissism.
a sonic boom? lmaooo
yeah from obama military escort lol
this stuff is horrible.
it's just like a watered down version of the original
"i love war" remark reminds me of the duval line in apocalypse now, "i love the smell of napalm in the morning."
. the "i love war" line coming from a draft dodging sycophant like trump who never served or protected our country is ironic.
in nyc! anna mentioned you might join us at a client party after!
i would love to !
when packing 4 a location scouting trip means making sure ur squad all has elf ears. ...
customs officers must love you. o_o
that's honestly still happening - fifty years after civil rights act? unbelievable.
very different on many levels. but we are murdered everyday because we simply have a vagina. it's all bad. &amp; woman of color get
hey guess what!? just found out we were dropped by found out at the dr's office! ...
happening all over america! sad
it's ! so we decided to bring you a from the world of light. did you know we glow?...
why am i picturing this?
i'm cuffed but luckily she still about it
wtf since when? ya valio
the universe at work. do you work friday?
yes. i'm working 2-10:30
thought all lives mattered? he's a sigma, what do you expect?
it's funny to me that a nigga from mississippi born in the mississippi burning times believed that shit
"all roads." hah. nice.
can't wait.
she's providing balance &amp; that's a good thing.
balance????
some mayate really tried to fight me in class over my mozzy shirt
you lying lol can't wait to hear about this on ur break
hey thank you, i'm doing ok one step at a time but i'm feeling more positive, i want to help others in my shoes
if u want a good laugh watch this - models in heels - i almost peed my pants watching this
when your dad used to leave us his truck and we had to pretend like we knew how to work it
i don't know how i didn't end up crashing that thing
partisans have selective outrage when it comes to losing civil rights.
stop oppressing me! oppress that person instead!
i went to brush my teeth last night and the girls across the hall told me to come in and get a temporary tattoo. i guess this is college.
bruh im tellin yah, they tryna holla
the word is out to all presidential debate moderators: don't get "lauer'd" translation: take it easy on hillary
what a disgrace!
woosh. right over the head. i hope cards get beat down too though. big win tonight. let's go
i have this tendency to be a concrete thinker. it's my ocd.
trump will propose nationwide stop-and-frisk to address violence in black community 2nite on hannity:
i'm guessing hannity will love that idea. internment camps next?
i wish they didn't make stricter rules for the piano rooms. i don't want to make a reservation to play music.
playing music comes spontaneously, if i had it my way i would go to the piano rooms every day without restriction.
one of the reasons i gave notice
i can't believe the office is not offering that still
q2: on average, truckers book about 105,000 miles each year. about how many do you drive?
between me and my husband, we drive over 250k miles a year
i actually paused when i typed it. but also still think trump would love a's owners' business approach, fwiw.
trump and lew must be frat bros
clinton's on the other hand, are racists, no doubt in my mind. their 40 + yrs of racist words and actions is well documented
i dont care for them much either because of that lol so i agree with you. neither had a track record of ideas i agree with
leftists don't like black trump supporters using independent thought. who do these blacks think they are?
thinking, feeling, smart americans!
"i love war" remark reminds me of the duval line in apocalypse now, "i love the smell of napalm in the morning."
. the "i love war" line coming from a draft dodging sycophant like trump who never served or protected our country is ironic.
the therapeutic aspects might be good but it paints a different picture to those reading it and it made cat worry
well, don't worry.
america's choice has never been more clear. ohio is ready to elect to the white house!
awesome - thank you ohio!!
going back to the drawing board.
hmm whats going on. what are you trying to do
good things about midtown: 1) the taco truck on the corner 2) jimmy's corner 3) the midtown seagull. 4) ?????????
4) halal guys truck 5) reasonable walk to central park 6) rupert jee's hello deli (but not really for the food) 7) the e train
i hate the waiters' gallop in any and all forms.
i'm sorry you're not in dolly.
that was t rally where ppl ran sjw gauntlet. she attacked blind old man from behind who instinctively defended.
send link with that info. because nobody reported that. making shit up like trump. that's cute.
i'm quiet and stay home mostly because i'm shy, so i wanna thank those people out there who speak up for me when i can not.
miss u fresh!
i think the most disappointing thing about that piece is that it normalizes a supporter of views that would put lgbtq rights back decades.
settle a debate: if usain bolt is returning a kick at you full speed do yougo high or low? i say low bc up top would kill you
journalistic note: the article quotes the comments. assini may have changed, but his words are not "allegations".
reader note: always best to go to the writer or headline writer of the article. thanks :)
online petition calls for meatless, sustainable in-n-out menu option
ya know..in-n-out does one thing. just leave it alone. go eat someplace else.
trump will propose nationwide stop-and-frisk to address violence in black community 2nite on hannity:
same old shit, this started the mess we're in today. what an idiot and a total fool.
last five years is overrated im sorry
you should be.
i missed this gem by while away: viral drone video exposes luxury getaway of putin's pm medvedev...
that's it? i think my house might be bigger. though he has more acreage. and that little gazebo is pretty big...
at first i thought kelly was overreacting but i def see now that she at least deserved to know what was going on
right, it's not unfair to at least want to know what's going on with a show you helped build.
the therapeutic aspects might be good but it paints a different picture to those reading it and it made cat worry
well, don't worry.
lol oh i'm like there's not much there
lol more for my fraternity really, not for the actual area lol
"the voice of your vote is the greatest voice we have." -nyle dimarco
jeff buckley was pretty good too
running late for work. was washing work clothes then said fuck it will wash everything. was going to toss items on bed but decided to fold
should have done it yesterday with my day off but i just wanted to have fun instead.
the ios 10.1 beta activates iphone 7 plus portrait mode. i had a chance to test it out. it works!...
so it's giving you the option to get the non-portrait one too, or are you shooting dupes?
i'm quiet and stay home mostly because i'm shy, so i wanna thank those people out there who speak up for me when i can not.
miss u fresh!
chris long says julian edelman is biggest loser in team's handsome debate
mit offers handsome lessons
thanks , we use booth and :)
whew - thanks!
at first i thought kelly was overreacting but i def see now that she at least deserved to know what was going on
right, it's not unfair to at least want to know what's going on with a show you helped build.
nah, could say 10 paragraphs worth of words, and only 2 sentences would make any sense.the insulting parts ;)
-the world would be in constant discussion as to what trump "actually" said!
you ever meet someone so perfect and you're like "how can anyone, ever mistreat your kind &amp; caring heart" ...
aww i knew you truly honestly love me
makes since. we need to work on our country and not worry about others till we are back were we should be
exactly my friend
that's honestly still happening - fifty years after civil rights act? unbelievable.
extremely sad, our most fundamental right. what really tells me misogyny is at par w/racism it took 72yrs 4 women to vote.
"i want to go into the neglected neighborhoods...and unlock their potential for all of our people" - donald trump in toledo
would be awesome! we never hear the press hoping that for the american people who read your words!
lol oh i'm like there's not much there
lol more for my fraternity really, not for the actual area lol
nothing like a good drink with a nice quiet environment and miles davis' "blue in green"
love that one. jazz is great because it instantly upgrades any environment into a sophisticated, relaxed, pleasurable one.
dang. that's a pretty big oversight. are you left-handed or just testing it out?
i'm left-handed and wear my watch on the right hand. to use your left hand thumb, gotta be able to flip that face!
q2: on average, truckers book about 105,000 miles each year. about how many do you drive?
my husband and i drive over 250k miles a year
i just woke up and class started 25 min ago..
hate when that happens :(
what is zellous saying earl?
not sure but probably was pulling 4her teammate sugar 4mip. williams had the better yr but didn't want to see sugar's yr discounted
exactly. all the best political leaders have funny names. the austrian prime minister is called mr van bellend, y'know...
shame ed balls never made it
you ready to drop out yet
lol i'm in it for the long haul.... but i can tell you 100 other things i'd rather be doing right now
leadership skills on point
hey it worked
no that doesn't exist here. soju is awesome and docile though, she got along with ex's cats. just don't want her jealous eek!
got 6 cats if the resident cats know new cat is important to u they adjust. lot of hissing @ first, firm reassurance works
so i ran into on the movie set and i asked him about and he said... it'll have to wait...
another movie without me? :( i do film something next week for a big time cable network. congrats david..
*apparently, ya know iphones come with spell check
hold up why even trying right now kyle this was 2 guys. and cait for got to leave out i spelt it 4 diff ways when she texted
poll time. what is the most you'd spend on jeans?
10 $ jeans is a mega lick where tf?
never wrote that they were, the point was is that they are prominent black leaders that have a long relationship with trump
then why did he become a bigot all of a sudden?
can you fucking imagine. we could have had bernie out there making trump look terrible. instead we have clinton slowly failing the election
yes i can and it makes me sad
haha, probably because i'm seriously terrible at tweeting. i tweet maybe a couple times a month, at most. bffs now, though!
i used to do that too until i found out how awesome science twitter is! we can be science twitter bffs for sure.
body builders like and ... and ?? - all
wb the rest of the ones who arent vegan
because women's rights are a big deal?
well no shit. everyone's rights are. but no ones talking about it as much as other topics.
i'm watching the $myl hearing now hoping it's as good as the $wfc hearing was
no elizabeth warren this time so don't bet on it.
your bias is showing
ha. that's amusing. i'll take survivors of sandusy's bias over fans/alumni bias any day of the week
presume so because death was mystery until today. medical records private so no way to know. family hasn't said diagnosed before.
what a shame. i'm actually working w/ my cardiologist on a foundation concept whose chief goal will be awareness of the issue
at least it's not a can of worm-based hot dogs
my mind immediately went to "can i make that tho?" and yes us the answer
you saw me and didn't say hi....
i think you've reached your me quota for the week
federal complaint against bombing suspect scrubs jihad journal's isis references: what further proof do ameri...
sharia compliance has its tentacles in all areas of our gov't. we need trump to reverse this disastrous course. vote trump!
"how many juggalos are in the marines now??" "not enough for me to feel safe in the world."
i work with marines. trust me, they suppress the urge to claim juggalo
to me all of sondheim just sounds like people blandly narrating their lives to fussy orchestration
i faved this because i'm faving all replies, but i literally think less of you as a person now.
live on : axe throwing social
is that how team member appraisals happen these days at twitter?
. will be taking over our account soon! ask him anything using
what's your go-to snack before a race?
. will be taking over our account soon! ask him anything using
which track you wish was on the schedule?
i think that might kill the romance vibes but maybe next time
nah you guys have been dating for three years, the romance is already gone
isro launch cadence is picking up. good to see them making progress with pslv and rideshare.
i really hope they clean off the rocket after the scatsat launch
at least it's not a can of worm-based hot dogs
my mind immediately went to "can i make that tho?" and yes us the answer
excited for this one.. taking the main stage with jerseys very own . we're about to flip upsid...
its gonna be a movie!
that's honestly still happening - fifty years after civil rights act? unbelievable.
the lowest blows. boy it sounds like white privilege. we're non ghosts.
live streaming for 10 minutes before the big surprise!
gonna get first comment on the netflix!
what's something "unnecessary"you own or do that enhances your life (even if it's just having an unabashed love for it)?
too much sparkly nail polish. you can't get *too* mad or frustrated if you traipse around w/ fairy...
i'm long by how is that bullish?
it was a low volume day shares were shorted to trigger panic than buy cheap
"american hands will rebuild" the country, "not the hands of people from other countries," trump says.
because hands of people from other countries never built anything in this country? my god, what didn't they build?
when is it coming out?
idk bro, he put up the album cover on his ig
so i ran into on the movie set and i asked him about and he said... it'll have to wait...
another movie without me? :( i do film something next week for a big time cable network. congrats david..
*apparently, ya know iphones come with spell check
this is not even your battle why r u startinnnnng
well, your uncle is wrong. i got info from multiple investigations includ8ng emails on the subject
if you don't find curley's email damning for everyone, including joe, i don't know what to tell you
bet you ain't get shii
my brother is going to pay for it and then my friend is going to pay for another one for my 21st. bitch i am
i'm quiet and stay home mostly because i'm shy, so i wanna thank those people out there who speak up for me when i can not.
miss u fresh!
leaked doc - monmouth university is rigging polls! "the polls aren't rigged" proved false ...
/ and fox news ran with a poll all last night up until 9 pm. crooked polls crooked hillary corrupt media
oh no. what was terrible?
it turned out to be a hostel (which they didn't advertise and i could have gotten cheaper w/ hostelworld). also: no windows.
more than double! nice.
the money we make is nice too lol
d: translate this for me!
they're looking for beta testers i believe.
so i ran into on the movie set and i asked him about and he said... it'll have to wait...
another movie without me? :( i do film something next week for a big time cable network. congrats david..
that's honestly still happening - fifty years after civil rights act? unbelievable.
very different on many levels. but we are murdered everyday because we simply have a vagina. it's all bad. &amp; woman of color get
getting airpods too?
probably not. i'll have to try them
it is really helping me get the motivation to leave the house but getting out more is making me feel healthier!
i've been asking around about it and a lot of developers i know seem to like it. too bad i'm in lockport.
no emails from joe he didn't use email but was referenced.
curley: "after giving it more thought and talking it over with joe, i am uncomfortable with what we agreed were next steps."
hanging out with on the hudson
better late than never
as a rule, yes, i do not regard infowars as credible.
too many metrics favoring trump plus we have election guru helmut norpoth saying in march that trump will win easily
cops shooting tear gas at protesters in charlotte but they're fearlessly kicking canisters back!...
bring buckets of water 2 dump tea gas canisters into vs throwing back at gas masked cops buy, save wear rubber gloves
trump will propose nationwide stop-and-frisk to address violence in black community 2nite on hannity:
dare i even ask what's drugs these people are on that made this a good idea?
hey it took a physical toll to 100% that last planet on nms
go outside and look at nature, sir lol
searing take down? it is what it is. i'm willing to do it, but fire safety guidelines say otherwise. 1/2
i'm willing to do it but for liability reasons i'm not willing to tell others that's how they should. 1 fire=lawsuit
body builders like and ... and ?? - all
wb the rest of the ones who arent vegan
strong look
and the mask protects you from "those other tigers"!
love this....because yes i did need something to brighten up my day
"you're doin great!" he should save her voice saying that as his ring tone!
now get back to college for a substantive useable education
lol...you're for trump. like he's not exactly the same as hrc.
is there any way to let a mac know a wifi network, but not auto-join it? i have test networks and my machines keep jumping over to them.
you can re-prioritize them in system preferences -&gt; network -&gt; advanced, but otherwise i don't think so.
to all the self-righteous white progressives lecturing don king (an african american) on his accidental use of n-word: get over yourself.
and harlan as i heard it the word was negro....not the ugly "n" word!
civilians are always going to get hurt in war. we wouldn't have won ww2 if we didn't have the atom bomb.
dude, if u say "we have to take out the families" of isis- thats murder. imagine you get killed because your brother is wrong
i'm watching the $myl hearing now hoping it's as good as the $wfc hearing was
no elizabeth warren this time so don't bet on it.
microsoft basic for altair?
-- good thought but no...
no that doesn't exist here. soju is awesome and docile though, she got along with ex's cats. just don't want her jealous eek!
just gently intervene if soju gets aggressive. for a week or two leave new cat locked in a room when going out. -)
agree -- been a little too cozy post-jay
it's like everyone in late night is still in post-leno happiness
agree -- been a little too cozy post-jay
it's like everyone in late night is still in post-leno happiness
the therapeutic aspects might be good but it paints a different picture to those reading it and it made cat worry
well, don't worry.
"i want to go into the neglected neighborhoods...and unlock their potential for all of our people" - donald trump in toledo
would be awesome! we never hear the press hoping that for the american people who read your words!
"i want to go into the neglected neighborhoods...and unlock their potential for all of our people" - donald trump in toledo
would be awesome! we never hear the press hoping that for the american people who read your words!
. will be taking over our account soon! ask him anything using
which track you wish was on the schedule?
searing take down? it is what it is. i'm willing to do it, but fire safety guidelines say otherwise. 1/2
i'm willing to do it but for liability reasons i'm not willing to tell others that's how they should. 1 fire=lawsuit
is love even real if bradgelina is over
wait drake and rihanna are together now so yes
your 3d models from will now load embedded on ! via
your gif game is strong.
i'm watching the $myl hearing now hoping it's as good as the $wfc hearing was
no elizabeth warren this time so don't bet on it.
just read your blog...if you like it's porcello, e-rod, price in that order for the playoffs
stop with erod over price
agree -- been a little too cozy post-jay
it's like everyone in late night is still in post-leno happiness
i'm afraid so. it's actually movie(s) . thanks!
you're welcome. keep up the great work. here's a shot in 70s' costume from my fitting
i enjoyed giving keynote for a full house &amp;
i really enjoyed your talk! you are an inspiration to women everywhere.
no that doesn't exist here. soju is awesome and docile though, she got along with ex's cats. just don't want her jealous eek!
just gently intervene if soju gets aggressive. for a week or two leave new cat locked in a room when going out. -)
i just voted for a woman to become president of the united states this is one of the coolest days ever tbh
is this a trump diss ?
the only yoga crooked hillary ever did was twisting the truth, contorting the facts, and bending reality.
hillary doin in btwn diaper changes. it doesn't seem 2b workin judgin by her...
unreal the team looks a different composure with carrick playing its bloody unreal! actual forward penetrating passes and vision.
they're gonna lose
agree -- been a little too cozy post-jay
it's like everyone in late night is still in post-leno happiness
a shame due to smoking bans aimed at tobacco, inhaled cannibis won't be allowed in medical treatment. (tobacco prot...
someday everyone will learn that the for-profit cancer industry knew all along that smoking protects against cancer.
tf you mean india and pakistan are starting a nuclear war against each other
my fave is all the tweets from people saying their country will wipe out the other a nuke war will wipe out everything dumbass
you got him fucked up ari
mike his shit was crucial like i wish i could've taken a pic
since yellow ended up being a varadol song, what if qop's debut single become another player song
remember when we got varadol songs
lmao it's really the wrong time for streets in new york to be shaking
lmao i was about to pull out that airport so quick and just go home then i saw secret service and his damn motorcade
wednesday slay:
so want that dress is rocking
is there any way to let a mac know a wifi network, but not auto-join it? i have test networks and my machines keep jumping over to them.
you can re-prioritize them in system preferences -&gt; network -&gt; advanced, but otherwise i don't think so.
i think the frustrating person at work is coding me as a woman and not an engineer.
he keeps repeating himself while not hearing my reasoning for things and just has a condescending air about him.
when you perform your heart out on your godmother's big day
yo mom this is my tribute to you please notice me
i oscillate in preference for .5mm vs .7mm ballpoint pens. sometimes i want a crisp thin line. sometimes i want a smooth writing experience.
i know what you mean! i oscillate between 0.33 and 0.5.
tnx4 rt the latest women entrepreneurs daily. you rock,awesome profiled
it's all about supporting each other! and you're most welcome!
mcdonald's lays off 70 us accountants and gives their jobs to foreign workers
/ boycott this place. that's the only way they will get the message!
you're welcome, world.
its so good
san fran has created transit-only corridors - delineated in red paint - to enhance efficiency and reliability.
do you know of bikes can ride in those lanes?
sugar was good but new york is also deeper than the dream...better bench than the dream
yes and williams was awesome in the middle. believe she was an all star and has unlimited potential.
*apparently, ya know iphones come with spell check
and that's why you were fuckin shy on the low as soon as you found out your girl was pregnant fuck outta here kyle
. will be taking over our account soon! ask him anything using
which track you wish was on the schedule?
saw guy on the phone with the headset mic literally -in- his mouth and i wonder if he knows how loud/disgusting that sounds on the other end
i always want to tell people doing this to stop, but never do
my brother we want to hear what you have to say, but it would help if you used arial font
he's eating his own dog food with
oh yea, an if i remember correctly jd kimball was in this band
you are correct sir
yup. if i had a second one would be bedroom
i'm stilling toying with the idea of getting just one.
a reminder that as of sept 21, 2016, you probably still haven't seen my neighbour totoro sequel mei &amp; the kittenbus...
on the plus side, since i refuse to die without first seeing mei &amp; the kittenbus, i am, ostensibly, immortal.
so angry right now when you come home to find your son has been bullied and kicked at school for being a fan this world is crazy
wow that's ridiculous. and sad
what is zellous saying earl?
not sure but probably was pulling 4her teammate sugar 4mip. williams had the better yr but didn't want to see sugar's yr discounted
*closes laptop, stares out the window for an hour*
that is one damn bold pitch.
whether one agrees w/ the initiative or not, the use of words "ratting" and "snitch" seem inappropriate in this context.
what does the east bay express style guide say about the use of "snitch"?
what a cutie.
i'm glad the pile of dirty clothes on my floor aren't in the shot.
looks cool, what's the elevator pitch?
can i mail you? i'm a little cagey about putting the details out publicly just yet :3 but it's a tactics rpg with a twist or three!
wish i could. i fidelity does all the heaving lifting but need local bank vault; when you're old, you gotta lotta c...
i use usaa. they're really a great bank.
as a rule, yes, i do not regard infowars as credible.
too many metrics favoring trump plus we have election guru helmut norpoth saying in march that trump will win easily
to me all of sondheim just sounds like people blandly narrating their lives to fussy orchestration
i faved this because i'm faving all replies, but i literally think less of you as a person now.
oh yea, an if i remember correctly jd kimball was in this band
you are correct sir
you know... at this price i'm thinking about it. a hardcover guide, a 240 page journal, poster, and decals... maybe.
i can't tell if that's a book or the vault. it looks like a cupboard.
presume so because death was mystery until today. medical records private so no way to know. family hasn't said diagnosed before.
also puzzling that all professional athletes are not screened for this common issue. maybe a's could be innovators in this?
looks like so much fun! what's your favorite spot in little italy?
ciao! i've been to puglia ristorante and a few more in the past! . i need to visit more often!
that's insane
yup. i'm right outside the airport and that shit shook the streets bad lol
strong look
and the mask protects you from "those other tigers"!
"love sosa" might be this generation's "no woman, no cry."
"black beatles" is the 2016 "before i let go."
thank you gina
m my grandmother hailed from wales, and i am a life long"dwarfer". feels like home to me.
my opinion is "hell no" - consider the "sha-1 + pos" hell in ca/b forum
do you have a link about this? would like to understand
"i want to go into the neglected neighborhoods...and unlock their potential for all of our people" - donald trump in toledo
would be awesome! we never hear the press hoping that for the american people who read your words!
i guess it let's just walk in house today.
i guess so the most annoying thing ever
lol oh i'm like there's not much there
lol more for my fraternity really, not for the actual area lol
aren't you happy
the pros do not outweigh the cons
too early for that considering first season is in brooklyn.
i didn't even know that! you know these sort of basketball games are normally played in hs gyms right?
wish i was going to jason aldean and thomas rhett tomorrow
get a ticket and go!
you're welcome, world.
its so good
i'd go as far as middle seat=window seat.
middle is closer to bathroom and aisle access.
i already know the results of this i ain't going to heaven
y'all i don't think there's a right answer i feel we are meddling with questions we don't really want to confront
it was $20,000
no, found the smaller $10,000 painting larger $20,000 painting still hasn't been found
mayor mark sokolich, alleged target of revenge plot after he wouldn't endorse gov christie, continuing testimony today
public suffers so politicians can play games with each other. need a rule: if you are a child you are not allowed to hold office
a special thank you to for our lawmake...
one more photo!
ur invited to lose
in ur dreams
this suit is really cramping my hardy boys. it's no mystery.
we'll always have pedro o'hornys
you're in the army now? . j/k. lookin' good though.
thanks.. nah just wanted to shave the sides one last time before cooler weather starts. :)
looks like it was just the jets.
i wonder if the daycare felt it lol so weird nothing in nyc lol
send link with that info. because nobody reported that. making shit up like trump. that's cute.
find that link yet? i'll wait...........
don't. buy one. like now
emm. ok then :)
wish i was going to jason aldean and thomas rhett tomorrow
get a ticket and go!
you're welcome, world.
its so good
q2 did you know that false witness testimonies have led to the wrongful convictions and executions of innocent people? ppl like
a2 like making a murderer's whose murder conviction was just overturned rip
guys hate saying they need a girlfriend but want girls to sleep next to and do cute shit with. like grow up...
thats not the real issue thats just an after affect of the true problem
lol nah that's how they started interviewing after they hired you
oouuuuu shots fired
plus generating confusion - read doubt is their product
sugar and oil cause cancer, while smoking cures cancer. the confusion is beyond comprehension.
it's the middle of the day.
of your day. i've been up since 11pm.
nope, only have plans for halloween weekend. but foreal bruh, we gotta do something, it's tradition lol
it really is. i'm down for whatever. you should come to vegas for halloween. i'm finna be out there
who wants to come give my talk for me tomorrow so i can see 's grpc talk? :p
challange *not* accepted :-)
not just him, either!
but what does he say stepping up means?
love your outfit! is that your boat??
thanks! nope, i wish! it's the water taxi on keuka lake.
4 years ago today i was dating chelsea cox
four years ago you almost got trapped
fbi dir. comey testified in front of congress saying sec. clinton did send and store classified information on a non-government server.
therefore, sec. clinton broke the law. frmr. pres. clinton then met with atty. gen. lynch.
what is zellous saying earl?
not sure but probably was pulling 4her teammate sugar 4mip. williams had the better yr but didn't want to see sugar's yr discounted
i assume that's default irrops policy since any was airport is interchangeable for ticketing usually
i've had it allow any airport within like 50-100 miles several times. not sure about the return flight tho.
it's homophobic that i don't have a tony
tough but fair.
i'm watching the $myl hearing now hoping it's as good as the $wfc hearing was
no elizabeth warren this time so don't bet on it.
loving my new toy xox
quite deliciously sexy offering(s) gf 4 a lucky someone(s) 2 lick &amp; slurp out.mmm,i'm wondering if there's more deeper inside
i'm watching the $myl hearing now hoping it's as good as the $wfc hearing was
no elizabeth warren this time so don't bet on it.
and you only knew you were successful if you had a web counter or got slashdotted.
us old timers know whats up. that and consumer reports. they'll get you back usenetting in no time
*apparently, ya know iphones come with spell check
this is not even your battle why r u startinnnnng
i oscillate in preference for .5mm vs .7mm ballpoint pens. sometimes i want a crisp thin line. sometimes i want a smooth writing experience.
i know what you mean! i oscillate between 0.33 and 0.5.
oh yea, an if i remember correctly jd kimball was in this band
you are correct sir
i'm watching the $myl hearing now hoping it's as good as the $wfc hearing was
no elizabeth warren this time so don't bet on it.
no bitch its cue
those dam near have the same meaning tho were both right
to me all of sondheim just sounds like people blandly narrating their lives to fussy orchestration
i faved this because i'm faving all replies, but i literally think less of you as a person now.
*....it is an object containing so much mass concentrated in a relatively small space that light can...
time dissipates to shining ether the solid angularity of facts refresh the page &amp; restart the memory stellar tidal disruption
in pennsylvania, they need to be outside, but they can be close to the door. have tussled with a pro-birther at my polls.
oh dear god. we have two sets dems and repubs. no id cards. simple, pleasant.
premier li met with his pakistani counterpart wed. in new york, hailing progress in made china- economic c...
-care will have be taken that this corridor of trade does not do double duty as a corridor of terrorism.
sugar was good but new york is also deeper than the dream...better bench than the dream
yes and williams was awesome in the middle. believe she was an all star and has unlimited potential.
predicting winners is a hazardous science, but ' 2016 tips are now out anyway:
having said that, has got to be a strong shout for this year's , no?
i oscillate in preference for .5mm vs .7mm ballpoint pens. sometimes i want a crisp thin line. sometimes i want a smooth writing experience.
i know what you mean! i oscillate between 0.33 and 0.5.
18 u.s. code 793 directly forbids sending or storing classified information on a non-government secure serves.
fbi dir. comey testified in front of congress saying sec. clinton did send and store classified information on a non-government server.
trump's campaign manager used to be a lot more honest about trump's record
amazing what a paycheck can do for some.
therefore, sec. clinton broke the law. frmr. pres. clinton then met with atty. gen. lynch.
then, all of the sudden, the doj decided to to press charges or further investigate the issue.
the way cam newton types just made me damn near have a stroke
i developed a migraine after the first word
i also eat non-egg things, so please, recommend away. many thanks! i love everything but mayo, so no limits.
, little serrow, and all their sister joints, capriottis, bar mini
some reports identified. so to me, it was more so make yourself easier to talk to/work with and you'll be kept in the know.
oh, i had never heard that. but even still it might've been better than to have her go on the lamb for like 2 weeks.
nothing. yet.
remember the words of spider mans late grandpa: with great power comes great responsibility
the camera is . will report back after a few days of having it, lol
i heard camera and i'm sold! patiently waiting. lol
so angry right now when you come home to find your son has been bullied and kicked at school for being a fan this world is crazy
wow that's ridiculous. and sad
i'm texting you shut up
my phone ain't ding in 20 mins how you texting me?
he has, does not support nafta ortpp, wants job in us including inner cities, school of choice, health care
he has not said how. he did say the government will pay for healthcare though
the way cam newton types just made me damn near have a stroke
i developed a migraine after the first word
trump proposes change to immigration policy to reflect "american values,"says blocking refugees not just re terrorism but "quality of life."
did donald specifically describe what changes he's proposing?
plus generating confusion - read doubt is their product
they had to add thousands of carcinogens to pure tobacco before they could get it to harm lab animals.
so angry right now when you come home to find your son has been bullied and kicked at school for being a fan this world is crazy
wow that's ridiculous. and sad
i guess it let's just walk in house today.
i guess so the most annoying thing ever
impressive and brave. thank you for writing it!
thanks michael. i don't take for granted you reading it.
time dissipates to shining ether the solid angularity of facts refresh the page &amp; restart the memory stellar tidal disruption
a wise one echoed- don't argue with a fool- cause another one from a distance- can't tell who is who!
what you should know about the tulsa officer who shot &amp; killed : via...
you definitely just put a target on her back by posting the photo. crazy people out there.
. on campaigning for hillary: "i felt [a need to] finally just open my mouth and say what i thought."
jamie, please take some time to go to fl before election and speak about hrc!! we need your voice!
what's everyone up to? :)
becoming a iron lord
i want all u mothafucks off my netflix account how do i sign everyone off
change your password
eli manning on "they're a good defense. they've done a good job of getting pressure to the qb." they have?
he's a lying liar who lies
it would be kind of romantic to die at my post were my post literally anything but "software engineer."
i've already forgotten, c.f. joy and love.
today's starting pitcher, .
have a great time today...since i'll be watching from home instead of rf in oakland...stupid flu bug!
if it helps i'm beyond confused myself.
i should have added terrified. terrified and confused. but really, really confused.
thank you babe, i wouldn't say better but learning to cope with it
sometimes you just need to breathe &amp; just take it as it comes have faith in self-there is always light at the end of the tunnel
bigot is a strange word sounds a lot worse that its meaning. a person who is intolerant toward those holding different opinions
when you say you wanna ban all 1.8 billion muslims from entering the us, that is a bigoted statement
happy to be back home with this lot charlie loves his new he was so happy to see me the perfect welcome...
aww that's amazing ian bet their glad your back
shut up u stupid feminist nothing i said was racist
i've got no problem with being a feminist, i just have a problem with neo-nazis.
i was in a meeting tf had good news but fuck you bye
wtf don't start. how was i suppose to know you ain't tell me.
therefore, sec. clinton broke the law. frmr. pres. clinton then met with atty. gen. lynch.
then, all of the sudden, the doj decided to to press charges or further investigate the issue.
my doctor is giving me flower extract to relieve anxiety and reduce panic attacks :')
what's it called!!!
searing take down? it is what it is. i'm willing to do it, but fire safety guidelines say otherwise. 1/2
i'm willing to do it but for liability reasons i'm not willing to tell others that's how they should. 1 fire=lawsuit
this is offensive
omg you always take things too seriously!
i am so pissed, how did st. john's think an chinese international student was going to help me with my homework
she was looking up words on translator
but when don king endorsed obama in 08' &amp; 12' he wasn't "a murderer" ? y'all loved him then smh
you're a black woman voting for trump....that's sad
the whole point he made is to torture family because they know the truth and terrorists are selfish and only care about theirfa
dude, there have been papers released saying torture doesnt work. they give false info just so the torture can stop
new front cover of . - i know my players are staying focused!!
such a great town to visit. lovely people. well-deserved
my 2nd "woman crush wednesday" goes to my beautiful; amazing; best advice giver; humble; genuine; creative; rolemodel
you forgot me!!! lol
old white women love mari
they love mariano with a fresh cut
another radical cruzer who rather see the country destroyed by hillary.
please stop including me in your ignorant rants, they only hurt the cause and help hillary
i'd be heated
i'm mostly just fucking impressed
this was not btw.
it's funny you had to clarify...
regarding don king and the n-word. some people are funny.
you've got to be careful noticing things like this. the men in black suits might show up at your house and you won't remember!
then, all of the sudden, the doj decided to to press charges or further investigate the issue.
what is there to be confused about? she broke the law, potentially put us at risk, and wants to be trusted with more responsibility.
thanks to for donation of various splints and rehab supplies for the high schools affected by flooding in louisiana!!
we love too!!
that's usually when it's hunting season on black males.
no it can't be why is it happening on obama last term and when you have this election season like never before
did donald specifically describe what changes he's proposing?
"american values." donald trump, the man who can't complete a coherent sentence is going to codify what "american values" are?
how many times do i have to tell my vagina to stay off facebook?!!!
hate myself for lol'ing at that tbh
live from orlando, hillary discusses her plan for americans with disabilities. for cc, watch hillary's speech at:
the only way to get change is to vote for someone who is against corrupt washington and thats donald t...
it's homophobic that i don't have a tony
tough but fair.
live from orlando, hillary discusses her plan for americans with disabilities. for cc, watch hillary's speech at:
you must not get the news in orlando that hillary is a lying member of the corrupt washington establishment.she will do nothing
you're welcome, world.
its so good
looks like twitter moments is getting axed from android ui. interesting idea, but it read like a tabloid and was ab...
and it's back a/b test? graceful degradation? who knows...
q3: has been rated as one of the top trucking companies to drive for. what company has been your favorite to...
i've only been driving 2 yrs so this company is the only one for me so far
like all your other followers, he follows you, like flies following excrement! back for sanity in america!
a vote for jill is a vote for trump
that's honestly still happening - fifty years after civil rights act? unbelievable.
the lowest blows. boy it sounds like white privilege. we're non ghosts.
fbi dir. comey testified in front of congress saying sec. clinton did send and store classified information on a non-government server.
therefore, sec. clinton broke the law. frmr. pres. clinton then met with atty. gen. lynch.
impressive and brave. thank you for writing it!
thanks michael. i don't take for granted you reading it.
look wtf this muslim saying i think talking &gt;&gt;&gt; transfer no more free speech .
couldn't leave office fast enough. the most un american speech i've heard. americans are not in favor of globalization!
the ios 10.1 beta activates iphone 7 plus portrait mode. i had a chance to test it out. it works!...
so it's giving you the option to get the non-portrait one too, or are you shooting dupes?
you're not alone. millions of supporters are going to show up at the polls and put an end to this horrible...
sure will. my mother's church group has committed to ea - taking 4 people to the election polls with them. 47 days to go.
thank you babe, i wouldn't say better but learning to cope with it
sometimes you just need to breathe &amp; just take it as it comes have faith in self-there is always light at the end of the tunnel
we had same problem here with getting women the vote, but never discriminated (voting-wise) based on colour.
true that. i have seen the odd tweet the 19th should be re-voked but that's non-sense.
...as easily hired someone who already knows spanish...?
yes!! and the fact that of course the only white character the one who doesn't turn ""corrupt"" like nah.
lmao it's really the wrong time for streets in new york to be shaking
lmao i was about to pull out that airport so quick and just go home then i saw secret service and his damn motorcade
idk because they know i'm the jealous type and i will go off on them. that's what happened with one of them
really what happened
. reports the loud explosions you may have heard over queens/long island were f-22 jets flying over
someone is getting his/her wings taken off
kenji, i'm eagerly anticipating the searing take-down re: oven safety and beans.
searing take down? it is what it is. i'm willing to do it, but fire safety guidelines say otherwise. 1/2
in pennsylvania, they need to be outside, but they can be close to the door. have tussled with a pro-birther at my polls.
we've even bitched @ george farenthold brother of blake, running for vllg of office for standing too close of polling plc.
oh yea, an if i remember correctly jd kimball was in this band
you are correct sir
maybe the old war office on whitehall could be renamed the old make love not war office too. just a thought...
can it fit a bed for him and diane to protest?
nasty nigel looks like the past while rapping like the future
reppin corona queens
when are we gonna see the tantrum?
hate to say it..but he will make several incredible saves and they will come back to win.
it's 7:30 am and it's already a bad day
3:13 and still hasn't improved
one month ago today...
about two months ago
wow, white male guardedness is on fleek dis week
women bee colonizing like
let me find out u r an eagles fan! i knew i liked u for a reason
haha, yes!! i'm a philly girl living it up in ny but i still bleed green
to the moon! ...and beyond, here at doing of
sad to miss it! puts on a rocking-good conference.
it seems that the nyr have hired a new amateur scout. kim gellert. former sabre scout and development coach of the kelowna rockets (whl)
you can find him here certainly wasn't part of the staff last year if you look here
hi, you can understand the upset (i know you do) . also bbc news today: paradox uk increases aid to ye...
thanks for your reaction.
we need to go back to how health care was. not this socialist stuff.
well that was straight from your guy's mouth lol do you man
$14/hr was money when i wasn't paying bills.
but with the creative path that i chose to take
beautiful is the woman who has let go of the burdens of her past, released the baggage, and found a safe harbor to heal &amp; move forward.
a beautiful saying it is!today some of my burdens tried to knock me down...but i am up and pressing on..
trump proposes change to immigration policy to reflect "american values,"says blocking refugees not just re terrorism but "quality of life."
lets call this trump's "no poisoned skittles" policy.
fuck off sweaty
i have the biggest crush on sal
what advice would you give to your younger self?
don't fear math: it's a beautiful discipline. money is an illusion: pursue the bigger dream. foolish is cool, arrogance is not.
what's your favorite thanksgiving side? i need ideas for dinner tonight.
mash or mac and cheese. keep it simple. keep it safe.
i oscillate in preference for .5mm vs .7mm ballpoint pens. sometimes i want a crisp thin line. sometimes i want a smooth writing experience.
i know what you mean! i oscillate between 0.33 and 0.5.
she also said she had never been more scared in her life. but she had the gun. he was just a slow "man on drugs" with his hands up
if you think someone might be on pcp, you could try talking to them. this whole thing is terrible. she needs to be put on trial.
as a one-time only - theres one model i'd consider bottoming for, but he'd have to bottom for me too. any guesses?...
... isn't short?
trump decided to turn over a church pulpit to a felon with no political experience. what could go wrong? (a lot.)
stupidity &amp; incompetency are voting for are you one of this group?
&gt; booking the day after tuesday voting off work so they can celebrate!! (i'm buying the champagne!!)
spend at least $40.00 please oh please let her win. i can't wait for the first debate.
i need to practice my listening more i know, overload of cuteness with that video i should've followed olga long time ago
hahaha yes! she shares so much cute stuff and eli is often included cause theyre so close &lt;3
ummm your butt hole is too tight and that offends me greatly. you should probably go sit on a fire hydrant
a bottom doesn't even need lube with you eating their ass out, delta comma bravo- that's just rude for us with lube fetishes
whatcha getting?
oh nah not in that way, just from ios 9 to ios 10 lmao
we're getting so close!
only 209 more days!
this girl encouraging her dad as he does her hair is the cutest thing
they should get honorary degrees in daddy-daughtering
not really his sound but werk
ctfu it's fake hype: cancelled
today is a good day.
you're a rapist. your victim will spend the rest of her life trying to find peace. you deserve none!
lean and that loud pack.
if ive already bought a ticket am i precluded from the aforementioned 'perks'
oh nah not in that way, just from ios 9 to ios 10 lmao
i would love to upgrade so i could have more storage tho :&lt;
do you prefer alw to sondheim? bernadette's mama rose over patti's? respond to this with your hottest, most controversial theater take.
cast recordings from the '70s are unlistenable-to, why is everyone shouting.
i find kelli o'hara bland, passable, and unexciting in everything i've seen her in.
you are not the only person to feel this way, but even in bridges come on.
as a rule, yes, i do not regard infowars as credible.
too many metrics favoring trump plus we have election guru helmut norpoth saying in march that trump will win easily
what are you going to do if/when the conceit of the movie does explain why the wardrobe is what it is? apologize?
the point is that there is literally no reasonable explanation
who is this guy rick that you speak of captain nick?
. pedestrian excuse for missing shows: i fly 747 freighters around the world. doesn't everyone?
acorn knight
i love it! he is adorable and awesome
oh bitch who tf is that cuz wassupp
girl she hiding behind that egg, over her!
what the fuck happened to dinah's face?
what about normani's?
if i become a founder again, would be in . cheaper, smaller, more powerful:ble chips, sensors, batteries, cpu create endless opps
yes but definitely don't do it on the clinical side. fda is still an innovation-blocker.
i'm watching the $myl hearing now hoping it's as good as the $wfc hearing was
no elizabeth warren this time so don't bet on it.
speaking for myself, that is not true.
and i certainly don't think that's true in jelani and jamelle's body of work.
work, school, then countdown for the bday
god cancelled class for his favorite today
is there any way to let a mac know a wifi network, but not auto-join it? i have test networks and my machines keep jumping over to them.
you can re-prioritize them in system preferences -&gt; network -&gt; advanced, but otherwise i don't think so.
anthony weiner allegedly sexted a 15-year-old high school student, too:
there is something seriously wrong with this man. i understand sex obsessions but after public humiliation? don't get it
all good &amp; you?
you know me
*closes laptop, stares out the window for an hour*
that is one damn bold pitch.
ask and ye shall receive.
thank you house of starkey
you forgot to put the period at the end of your statement.
lol it wasn't needed to understand my thought
don't fear math: it's a beautiful discipline. money is an illusion: pursue the bigger dream. foolish is cool, arrogance is not.
(i hope to still qualify as young although turning 33 in a couple of weeks and tech is a bit like sports hehe)
hey ! if you want to enter our giveaway to win an awesome headset for your company, just fo...
justin.i dont get this.is it just the coffee ppl who win?
if you think someone might be on pcp, you could try talking to them. this whole thing is terrible. she needs to be put on trial.
that's skipping over the question of why you would jump to that conclusion out of the blue. let's think: was it his skin color?
don't under est therapy value of video games music sports 4kidswdisabilities cognitive criticalthinking multistep movement
most importantly don't under est value of therapy focused on daily living skills stairs cooking mock hygiene opening foods
happy wednesday!
right back at you!
he hasn't fared much better since his return either.
the writing is terrible but miller is a complete dud. no writing could make him jason.
i respect that lou. you're realistic when it comes to these things. matt thinks the mets are gonna win the world series
going to game 4 of the world series last night may have been one of the saddest nights of my life
a wise one echoed- don't argue with a fool- cause another one from a distance- can't tell who is who!
confession time? here's what i got. weapons of math destruction. i~open~sourced a-plot. a private di...
see?? like why?? that's the ugliest name.
it reminds me of some sort of filipino lord of the rings type character
it was my usual lycra
anything tight on your body is always welcome.
no way!!! where did you get this?!
it is super cute!!! it's my favorite thing.
are the eagles really going to try running back-by-committee?
that's cool and all, how about we just don't put in the smallest one in when we're on the 1 yard line trying to pound it in.
live from orlando, hillary discusses her plan for americans with disabilities. for cc, watch hillary's speech at:
hillary will do for florida what she did for new york. lose jobs lose companies and never deliver on her promises.
i know i ran out of adderall because my shirt was inside out till 3 and i want to nap in my grave.
it would be kind of romantic to die at my post were my post literally anything but "software engineer."
well i don't live in nyc per say but back home in li wed go to chinese/indian groceries and save a lot on produce
maybe local shops in murray hill and chinatown
to me all of sondheim just sounds like people blandly narrating their lives to fussy orchestration
i faved this because i'm faving all replies, but i literally think less of you as a person now.
time dissipates to shining ether the solid angularity of facts refresh the page &amp; restart the memory stellar tidal disruption
a wise one echoed- don't argue with a fool- cause another one from a distance- can't tell who is who!
"i am personally against the petition to the fcc. " - voip pioneer and founder of
seems like i support their petition
you're the brown michael scott
lol pretty much
wow, white male guardedness is on fleek dis week
sam bee colonizin like
yeah, don't watch it!
what's that supposed to mean?!
you're in the army now? . j/k. lookin' good though.
thanks.. nah just wanted to shave the sides one last time before cooler weather starts. :)
but because of the actual workout it won't last. eye didn't get hard, but it was a mixed crowd.
where is this class?
stop and frisk was ruled unconstitutional in 2013
not with the trump scotus.
yeah it was some report that she secretly has a tiff with michael because he travels with a large group on the daily.
attitudes aside, she built the show for a number of years, they could have dealt with this so much better.
to her defense tho, the timing of it all was piss poor.
they totally should have waited until the damn season was out for all this. idk.
everyone hits rock-bottom, but elizabeth webber just does it more often than others. lol
when does she hit a high? lmao
taking 19 credits was not a good idea
dam i can't even handle the 15 i'm taking
don't know if anyone's noticed but right now hillary aint "powering through" a damn thing. where is she?
omg what happens if she dies?
you mean my blog? no. i tweeted about the guy last week. told me plane spotting is a stupid hobby, then talked my ear off.
yes i remember we had an exchange about that and yes i meant your blog
you think so ?
what did u think
..and that they are scared to death (thus more likely to shoot) because we have way too many guns all over the place.
this is the leaflet nobody is talking about! everybody has a damn gun! nobody talks about this yet it's a bug issue.
only been awake for an hour and i already feel like i need to nap
i feel that each day.
nasty nigel looks like the past while rapping like the future
reppin corona queens
don't be too jealous because now she's going insane
my rabbit would, too! pets are awesome haha. ugh now i miss him :/
the point is that there is literally no reasonable explanation
the fact that it's 2016 and we're still finding sneaky ways to make women sex objects in children's films is grotesque
but how many shkhkreli ones?
ahh. how to count it is the real question. i'm counting shrelly, sha kreli, etc
hahaha!! live buying. this may be my new favourite thing
that was fun! had to squeeze it into my handbag for i'm heading to a business meeting now! (btw, i'm your brazilian editor...) :) x
just spent 25 minutes putting something together in word. it then crashed and i lost all my work. i thought we were past this as a society.
i hate when that (still) happens, even in a era of cloud computing.
can't find ? we know he is going to to this to see &amp;...
hell yes that is going to be 1 helluva i'm with ya buzz!
i'm conflicted because i want to but , he plays too much
i know he does but like...it's really good. but, personally, nothing will ever be better than channel orange
fbi dir. comey testified in front of congress saying sec. clinton did send and store classified information on a non-government server.
therefore, sec. clinton broke the law. frmr. pres. clinton then met with atty. gen. lynch.
live from orlando: watch hillary share her plan for building an inclusive economy that helps everyone get ahead
nobody will get ahead.hillary lies for votes. just ask obama. when will ppl wake up.btw her economi...
you are getting dangerously close to calling girls soft
wait...what?
so why is it needed for you to understand other thoughts...lmaooo..
because reading run on sentences like this make me scratch my head
yea u right i was cuter and nicer back then tho
you mean as heck now lmao
having said that, has got to be a strong shout for this year's , no?
also, thompson reuters predicts a for , but not for charpentier &amp; doudna. wtf? (yeah i know it's based on citations)
if team north america beats sweden in regulation, they clinch a semifinal spot. if sweden gets a point, they're through.
any link to full scenarios?
what the heck did he say?
that's what i'm saying... i'm asking myself "!?!"
ok if you are retarded and need people to google for you i will do it. i'm public spirited.
nice touch with the ad hominem attack. very trumpian. full of shit, but very trumpian.
i wish ian would do me a favor and die already but i'm not that lucky
get me a single lady then we'll talk
dear will you be live tweeting at speech koenders tomorrow on gender, peace &amp; tomorrow? sincerely
i will be in different meeting, but please follow
sugar was good but new york is also deeper than the dream...better bench than the dream
yes and williams was awesome in the middle. believe she was an all star and has unlimited potential.
full disclosure i also own one
they are amazing
you have a bunch of bachelor fans living in your old mod! come tailgate at mod2b
you just made my day! please don't be surprised if you have a visitor
"american hands will rebuild" the country, "not the hands of people from other countries," trump says.
where do foreign workers building for trump pick up their american hands? is there a vending machine or something?
and stumpf made himself rich too through fraud. your point?
-&gt; u obviously have him confused with the clintons.
i need one of those! -whit
did you earn one, whit? - we're onto something!
i have already donated to several organizations thank you.
good for you. have a good day. we'll agree to disagree on whether joe did right by those kids.
my mom and my sister got me mf krk rokit 6's for my birthday im so excited also u guys have two days until my actual birthday to top who gon
literally u asking to get topped
'avengers,' other celebs star in anti-trump ad via the app
just who do they think they are. could give a dam what they think. will never watch any movie they are in
trump: "i want to go into the neglected neighborhoods and give people" hotel and restaurant jobs. ps - these are s...
maybe $7.00 per hour
""i would bust that tight p-sy so hard and so often that you would leak and limp for a week," weiner...
he's the comedy gift that keeps on giving
at 17:28 hear talk about eating only enough to make weight as a 7 year old
so had to make weight. what weight? 75 pounds, or less!
ok. i respect your opinion. but do you really think torture doesn't work? because it does. and we wouldn't have won ww2 w/o it
it does in some cases. also, a lot of people in gitmo that are there shouldnt have been there. we cut deals with dictators
willfully ignorant? by doing what was right? sad.
ellen, for once sec. close your eyes. do it. really. now, think if little jay paterno were kid in showers. did dad do enough?
in the : a buzzword or the real thing?
"we tend to overestimate the effect of a technology in the short run and underestimate the effect in the long run." - roy amara
. it's a 24/7 business world, but you can't register for before 8am. lots of rent-a-cops, no one here to help. 'llbelate
i suppose digital transformation implies work in progress... but agree, what a pain!
hello football
tell her i say hi
actually, we are limited by sponsors and players' privacy. otherwise would disclose all payments happily. free market is best
you know you can always dm me before spreading rumors and jumping to conclusions, dragon. nothing but respect for you.
. . . . do you confirm played important role in ?
this certainly played a role, connected to move to cities from rural areas. but conflict too complicated for one reason.
the way he always looked like maybe he just woke up in the most alluring possible way.
his mouth, in general! (sorry if i took it to a weird place).
you mean my blog? no. i tweeted about the guy last week. told me plane spotting is a stupid hobby, then talked my ear off.
i'm probably heading to spot after work today. woo hoo!
trump is blowing it away in ohio right now
telling the truth
another thing i hate is celebrity couples referred to by a single portmanteau. brangelina. jitney. dictoria. jayonze. all of that nonsense.
shoot. i need to rethink putting "chrison" on the towels i'm getting for your wedding gift...
your bias is showing
ellen, have a good day. we'll agree to disagree on whether joe pa did right by those kids.
this is trump's response in the week two innocent black men were murdered by police officers: proposing more instit...
note that trump isn't proposing national stop-and-frisk to find more bombers. he says it'll lessen crime. that has been widely disproven.
you're welcome, world.
its so good
don't be too jealous because now she's going insane
my rabbit would, too! pets are awesome haha. ugh now i miss him :/
'avengers,' other celebs star in anti-trump ad via the app
just who do they think they are. could give a dam what they think. will never watch any movie they are in
i hope they ready.
it's gonna be poppin'
dean jones sounds like he's trying to project over a subway train.
the man just died, have some respect.
impressive and brave. thank you for writing it!
thanks michael. i don't take for granted you reading it.
anthony weiner's only mistake was asking her age. it's not illegal if they don't tell you it.
fucking creep
can u make a 2017 nude ladies calendar? with these ladies
&amp; put these ladidies -
rory's boyfriends, from best to worst: 1. jess 2. logan 3. dean i'm on , though.
know that i love you for this tweet and others. (my husband will be disappointed)
happy we have 2 teams we can cheer for. there jerseys tho. haha kinda lame.
yeah. the young guys are awesome though. so much speed and high end skill. so fun to watch.
"looks like quarterly projections for nihilism are at an all time high" "i don't care" "me neither"
. that dude looks like a young
this is beautiful
thank you for reading it!
it'll only get better
not for him! he's a rapist. he deserves to suffer the rest of his life
you're the brown michael scott
lol pretty much
i'm at a loss as to why you jumped to talking about bodybuilding. but i showed you vegan record-holding body builders.
because these people eat meat as well nd they arent unhealthy... if the meat is raised right its fine... everyone eats meat
hey bro and all
half way to friday
mike, plz stop..espn is giving u a forum just like they r hillary..u kno 5% of the truth about joe
egg avatar guy, have a good day. we'll agree to disagree on whether joepa did right by those kids.
also, thompson reuters predicts a for , but not for charpentier &amp; doudna. wtf? (yeah i know it's based on citations)
ah, i see charpentier &amp; doudna were predicted in 2015. weird
no way!!! where did you get this?!
it is super cute!!! it's my favorite thing.
i have pictures of various . the most worksheet like - a more detailed write up -
i guess it's more concept map than canvas, until you put it down on paper / board. there's power in sketching your own though.
we should try that line with our wives.
so, if she's 15 it's not really a fantasy right? pretty sure that's called statutory
great piece! one point - "as it happened, he solved insulin in 1959" i think you mean hemoglobin
yup, that's exactly what i meant! thanks for the catch!
this celebrity-packed political ad eviscerates donald trump
has scott baio fired back?
someone tell jarred to get off my twitter lmao
it was on my feed shit was funny asf tho
so when is this weather going to go away so i can wear my sweaters boots and leggings?
and moccasins and flannels
yep and we all need that reaffirmation - daily.
amen to that, marty.
well, time to wrap up the tour. i've finally got enough hotel soaps to last me for a while.
finally living up to your name ;)
i'd rather have down syndrome and be skinny than be fat"-
this was a joke :(
what do you know about peace?
he is literally a terrorist. his victim will live in pain and terror for years, if not her whole life
the same reason he became a racist all of a suddent, he chose to run against hillary and her intollera...
dude he has tweeted false statistics abt blacks, said ban all muslims, and called mexicans criminals and rapists from his mouth
cookie lyon is back for her family. returns tonight at 9/8c.
on a countdown until 9pm!!
if they were exclusively to use as fancy toilet paper i'd be okay with it!
now there's an idea!
again, i just want my qb to shut up.
he's a fucking buffoon
don't under est therapy value of video games music sports 4kidswdisabilities cognitive criticalthinking multistep movement
2 often ots pts become complacent, stacking blocks &amp; moving objects frm point a to b has its place but grow w kids needs
i'm glad it's being worked on. that does sound long for a migration though. do you have an incident id i can check on? ^nate
30302670 is the incident number ... the first i've gotten one was today. maybe that was from you?
nope! but i come to nyc on the regular if you'd like to grab a drink.
i'm only here for a couple of days, but i'll let you know next time i'm in the city? cc
i was so extraordinary this week that i even surprised myself!
that's awesome to hear!!!!
hi greg and all
how are you bro you good hi all
because hillary is such a sucky candidate and america so full of ignorance, i now think trump could easily win this thing.
makes me scared.
no way!!! where did you get this?!
it is super cute!!! it's my favorite thing.
you're welcome, world.
its so good
the left-coalition seems much more willing to have nuanced look at what inspired an isis recruit than a trump voter
speaking for myself, that is not true.
new front cover of . - i know my players are staying focused!!
such a great town to visit. lovely people. well-deserved
guys hate saying they need a girlfriend but want girls to sleep next to and do cute shit with. like grow up...
thats not the real issue thats just an after affect of the true problem
thanks everyone for your well wishes! just a few photos from last night
oh shit that's awesome congratulations!
searing take down? it is what it is. i'm willing to do it, but fire safety guidelines say otherwise. 1/2
i'm willing to do it but for liability reasons i'm not willing to tell others that's how they should. 1 fire=lawsuit
solved the problem of the smelly office fridge.
about to test out this solution.
live from orlando: watch hillary share her plan for building an inclusive economy that helps everyone get ahead
nobody will get ahead.hillary lies for votes. just ask obama. when will ppl wake up.btw her economi...
any word on your visit? i definitely excited about it!
don't laugh, but can you remind me again what lvc stands for?
too early for that considering first season is in brooklyn.
i didn't even know that! you know these sort of basketball games are normally played in hs gyms right?
what you should know about the tulsa officer who shot &amp; killed : via...
you definitely just put a target on her back by posting the photo. crazy people out there.
oh my. is this quote accurate/confirmed?
i believe it is
i don't know what you're arguing. people eat cats, whales, horses &amp; dogs - that doesn't make it okay. the human body is amazing.
because vegans make it out to be that u jus eat meat nd die lmao my head hurts from this
kelly price singing "as we lay" at a church expo lmfao
singing about hot sex with your married lover in front of sis. jenkins &amp; pastor wilkins
nice. you get to the ball scene yet?
noooo... the less i know about it, the better i'm sure.
i doubt i'll ever meet justin :( for me it will forever be a dream of mine. but justin just know i'll always love you near or far!
i'm determined to meet him i'm not waiting any longer
much of what was broken about harlem has already been fixed. he still lives in bonfire of the vanities.
yeah. but trump's been in the limo driving past urban problems for 5 years - that's errol's point.
i think most of we understand about social science belongs to a particular time. they are in no way axiomatic.
very true. it's breathtaking to realize that satoshi has given mathematical foundations to understand institutional reality.
ipad air 1. apps won't update.
it seems that they finally have updated after about an hour of trying.
it took courage to share your story. being victimized stays with us for life
boom, you got that sharon. colors everything in your life. overcoming is a great thing. thank you.
impatiently waiting for to drop sumchin new.
no rush . where's that d***m ep
boo u are only 17. surround yourself with good energy i promise you'll be good
oh nah she put ur legal on twitter
bruh you zoomed in on that one tho! no way you made that pic just swiping thru ya tl. so funny lol
i really didn't zoom in thooooo! i was just reading it and looked up. a man eating booty has very distinctive positioning.
i have something that's a blaxploitation cowboy bebop meet blade runner
i like that idea. can see chadwick or michael jai white in it.
donuts are sad because we punch holes in them
and with that response i think you earned yourself a donut!
of course not why would it
that would just be too simple
this is managed in subscriptions in your general iphone settings.
still can't find it. can you provide screenshots? can you update the app to have 1 click move to settings page
note that trump isn't proposing national stop-and-frisk to find more bombers. he says it'll lessen crime. that has been widely disproven.
reckless expansion of police power has always been on 's agenda. me, on the central park five ad.
and whats the real problem
nobody wants to give the next person a brand new start cause we got girls screaming all niggas are thesame and guys yelling all
tom ford- first male fragrance (explicit, fresh, used ... -
a sexist bit of str8 guy trolling. less of this crap and more male objectification, please.
q4: the average age of is 33 years old. how old were you when you got your start?
i was 45 and got my cdl on mother's day. quite the gift huh?
we are the r.a.f.
rad as fish?
when you find out you have whiplash
tbh i called it since the first day, i knew i had whiplash.
why de aza and not conforto?
you might see it stay this way if deaza hits even a little. probably the best defensive alignment.
i feel like i've watched all the crime drama out there, anything i missed? happy, episodic intrigue w main character buildup, justice served
thanks for all the murder mystery recommendations! i just watched the pilot of and i'm hooked!
this is blasphemous. in-n-out is crushingly disappointing
. i will add this though- animal style and the "secret menu" specifically is definitely overrated. ain't...
gotta learn to grow together.
yea . exactly
ahmad khan rahami is currently receiving treatment for his wounds at a new jersey hospital
that i'm paying for
happy birthday - to the united states air force!!
what did you buy them for protecting your golf courses?
saw this, thought of you
yeah, mouth friend! that's the one!
inbenta raises $12m in oversubscribed series b. congrats
thank you carlos!
i guess i don't see shorts and a t shirt as oversexualized? are midriffs bad? maybe they are?
yes ur right i am terrified of belly buttons that's what this is about
you guys need a 3rd?
i'm at work sadly but i'll shoot b a message i know he is off today grinding.
the hits just keep coming...
not to mention tweeted from an iphone, created by the son of a syrian migrant.
here you go pal
thx. so it's an article about a lawyer, hired to handle media, and they're defending their client
as a rule, yes, i do not regard infowars as credible.
so you're saying that video is staged &amp; trump doesn't have tons of democrat support? anyways this election won't even be close
wish i was going to jason aldean and thomas rhett tomorrow
get a ticket and go!
you shouldn't have to show them off.. everybody would just know that's you
that's what them twitter ppl be praising...show me off....let the world know i'm yours lol.
can you teach me how to be taller
itll be our little secret
nobody wants to give the next person a brand new start cause we got girls screaming all niggas are thesame and guys yelling all
girls are the same and shit everyone need a fresh start
you're welcome, world.
its so good
ain't shit to do but go sit in the pool smh
splash life
it's awful the sprays are just too strong
seriously! when you come up for your tattoo, wear something better
i already wear my moccasins
hahahah me too but i just so happen to wear them when it's still 90 degrees
inbox: 'the west wing' cast to campaign for hillary clinton in ohio
. we need a petition to make perform the jackal
why do i lose every pair of glasses i buy less than a month after i get them.. every time i get new ones
at least your not as bad with them as me
i'm just gonna put this right here to let y'all know.
i always knew. it was you. it was you all along.
how could this even...."29% of those earning &gt;$150k have less than $1000 in savings."
perhaps they all live in single bedroom apartments in sf?
maybe the old war office on whitehall could be renamed the old make love not war office too. just a thought...
can it fit a bed for him and diane to protest?
im so fucking lost
i'm super tempted to make a "fastest way to get everything and leave" tutorial on the woods.
i turned off into the woods halfway through because evry song was just some variation on "blah blah blah/we're in the woods!"
what the fuck is wrong with you jesus christ.
indy scream park saturday tho
not even skary bro
me too, i was supposed to meet him june 29th, i had a meet n greet but then he cancelled em :( so my hope is gone.
same here mine was may 7th what package did you get
is the minion doing a book signing then?
she should!
nice! what's next?
i'm hoping new zealand next but anything is fair game =)
my fans are the r.a.f.
royal as fuck
oh yea, an if i remember correctly jd kimball was in this band
you are correct sir
if u take from govt, don't be surprised when they remind u. "u didn't earn that, some1 else did." 8/18/12
i worked 46 yrs. am now on ss, i get food stamps b/c my income is low. i am not ashamed, i paid into system all my 1/2
thx. so it's an article about a lawyer, hired to handle media, and they're defending their client
a dozen witnesses saw attack, but there's one guy who claims other. ok thanks.
his policy is to temporarily ban all immigrants from terrorist nations until proper vetting can be accomplished. seems smart
so people that do business with the us shouldnt be allowed to come in? way to bite the "oily" hand that feeds you
what about pecan pie?
pecan pie rules!
live on : house oversight committee holds hearing on rising price of
you need to put on your channel line up. has it now same company. we want
reality and invented realities. that is key!
"from each according to his ability, to each according to his *reality*".. cryptomarxism here we go! :p
if you were thinking the first reply would be a negative statement about dan girardi, you would be correct.
this apparently was not true on the facebook post, however.
don't under est therapy value of video games music sports 4kidswdisabilities cognitive criticalthinking multistep movement
parents pt ot speech whtevr therapy ur kid gets carryover therapy at home school &amp; everywhere is a must to get full benefit
oh yeah of course they just gotta keep throwing curve balls our way because fuck it
perfect way to put it, bc fuck it
q4: the average age of is 33 years old. how old were you when you got your start?
*around * mother's day not "on". stupid auto correct.
something went wrong....as usual
no one showed up.
who do you like in a trade between kelce &amp; gates?
kelce for the season. but gates for this week.
again, i just want my qb to shut up.
he's a fucking buffoon
you know you love alice stop fronting
yeaahh no doubt but she just looked mad funny in that video
hayden is not the author of this piece. your tweet should be corrected.
my apologies.
kaepernick on reaction to his protest: "there's a lot of racism in this country disguised as patriotism"
are black cops targeting white civilians? are steroids making cops crazy?
for the first time in nearly a decade
word homie word it calls for celebration
(1/2) great hearing from you brian! while we don't have a separate product offering for agencies we do have regular access
(2/2) invite the agency and assign them in greenhouse. we're looking to improve some functionality for agencies in the future!
what u selling broski
sneakers lol
please see above
no need to point me to that. i saw it before it was published
i keep hearing amazing things about you two! i hope to meet soon!
hey thanks! i moved to sf bay area, but would it would be fun to meet you when i'm back in mn!
is it true whites have recessive genes?
no, that's retarded
to her defense tho, the timing of it all was piss poor.
they totally should have waited until the damn season was out for all this. idk.
by "nice" do you mean huge n real? :-) lol
i wonder would u ask a man the same thing ? is your dick big n real smh
of course everything your tweet are 100% accurate. lol policies have evloved, you need to catch up. messages sharpen, evolution
i feel you man, but i cant excuse what he has said before. like i said, hes a con man, and will do what he can to get elected
yes u also accept indians fund terrorism via afghanistan... peshawar attack terrorists had indian made weapons
yes bin laden was a fantasy,26/11 terrorist sitting in paki is a fantasy,ca terrorist being from pak is fantasy!
i had no idea this was a real place!! ...
i saw this pic. super cool haha
i've been obsessed with lately. glad she's joined twitter
omg i love her so much!
planning to make some outrageous kill frenzy shirts. who wants some?
is it you thats nude or
you should check with them when you can, after a certain amount of time they should let you upgrade your phone for cheap!
:o!! omg i didnt know u could do that holy shit ty dad
like june 29th was supposed to be my 1st time ever meeting him. so close yet so far. sadly it will never happen for me.
i meant what package did you get and same here
do you prefer alw to sondheim? bernadette's mama rose over patti's? respond to this with your hottest, most controversial theater take.
i am in my late 20s and spring awakening means nothing to me
new ad. pls note the prominently featured biometric safe:
isn't going to do this. there's the castle doctrine. they're poking their sickest followers.
anne marie waters: left has 'completely turned its back on women, gays, and jews' to defend islam via
you find this a big surprise? i sure don't
it was you who said you wanted crane as a lawyer! lol i found a denny crane bobble head today!
i need a denny crane bobblehead!
you know you can always dm me before spreading rumors and jumping to conclusions, dragon. nothing but respect for you.
seeing as phoenix never disclosed anything about payments, it's unlike you to make hypocritical accusations.
september used to be my favorite month. not anymore, september, october is looking better and better.
september definitely fell a few pegs for me. now october is where it's at!
robby mook didn't take the bait. a campaign manager is not there to explain complex policy to you. ask about the campaign
wanted to get mook on record for a challenge. is smarter than joe
"nothing will change if you vote for her," trump says of clinton in toledo. "you will be happy if you vote for trump, that i can tell you."
wow! this just made my day! an actual factual tweet from the failing reporter! so proud of you! !
release the video. no, we don't trust what you say. we trust what we see.
but you'll claim its fake if it doesn't support your claims. so it's a no-win situation here.
should i be studying for the two tests i have tomorrow? yes am i watching new girl instead? yes
just started reading kill the boyband. when are you gonna?
what's up bro hope all is well...i just recently moved to the atown. i relocated to atlanta. been busy getting settled.
bravo j ck out . we always here j your music welcome always ....
this is hurting my soul because i know exactly which actual japanese sentence they mean lol
that's why i'm laughing so hard! as soon as i read it i was like "wait, do they mean.... oh aaaaaaaaaaaaa"
more thc!!!
postpone that i'm thinking alcohol
the camera is . will report back after a few days of having it, lol
i heard camera and i'm sold! patiently waiting. lol
we need the leaders of and to get together
to be a governing body?
for those asking how iphone portrait mode handles glass (and whiskey). taking one for the team.
how does it handle beer shots?
fish and chips at the desk
fuel for the launch it
i've been to a lot of marketing conferences and set a new bar for what a gathering of marketers, thinkers &amp; dreamers can be
best of all, so many opportunities to continue to grow the size and quality of the experience. see you at
the new issue of my dc comics' cyborg is out today (wednesday)! if you read only one issue of my new cyborg comic,...
with cover art that amazing i think i will
clinton in orlando, on the deaths of keith lamont scott &amp; terence crutcher: "it's unbearable. and it needs to become intolerable."
kate, did the charlotte pd report that scott had a "book" in his car or just a weapon? might seem that would be a reported fact.
trump: "without the farmer, we won't eat, and that's not good. ...thank you, farmers."
. we went from an incoherent to an eloquent president. now we're on the verge of getting...i don't know what the hell this is
what an interesting post, thanks for sharing! we look forward to the next installment!
thanks! stay tuned, &amp; keep an eye out for my arrow + certified application. got a few things to do before applying.
youtube heroes is giving me the worst feeling :/. why youtube.
"inform on your friends. valuable prizes to be won" -red dwarf
the kings would love that. that also just isn't happening
found the blogger who started the rumor
there are some seriously amazing changed coming to :
can't wait to to hear your analytical breakdown
ladies and gentlemen: donald trump's "black outreach."
i just want to cry. everyday trump divides the people of the country more and more. going backwards, not forwards. peace!
i also made a version called the count duke-ula last halloween and pretty sure did some permanent d...
that sounds incredibly intense
investment spending is weak because of regulations... come on. even my neighbors dog knows that.
did the regulation cause wells employees to commit fraud, or uncover it?
for policy details refer to his web site. his policy content is head and shoulders above hillary's
i hate the fact that when i talk to hillary or trump supporters they always divert to the other 1. dont do that
hillary said she was proud to be the senator not just from new york but also from the indian state of punjab
wow! worth the read! despicable! anti-american!
thank you, how when can we do this? i'd like him to see pos images of black men. he swims at fordham u
i teach trial advocacy at fordham law on monday mornings 930-1220
y'all should see the venting i need to do in order to put on the "customer service attitude" before i pick up a phone or talk to customers
usually just a bunch of deep breaths, parody phone lines, and cursing. my boss finds this hilarious
all my depression ass shit gets retweets ):
its relatable because we're all fucking sad
the allure of learning swift, and the whole university-level-degree worth of new programming idioms, is an impediment to shipping software.
we still expose too much of the language nerdery to programmers. some of it's appropriate for fwks people, but that's it.
we know you can't even with us and we can't even with you. one more to laud your mistakes:
well - that just happened!
ahhhh gracie baby coming to the high school
so exicteddddd
how to do well in columbua
no everyone is a try hard they read here
ukraine confirms trump stood them up here in nyc.
trump's boss, putin told him not to go.
ughh i've literally bought like 4 just this year &amp; lost them all only weeks after i got them
i'm getting contacts let's see how that goes
i'm convinced everyone went through an emo phase in middle school.
underoath
got my emojis! add them to your keyboard with this app from pic.twitter.com/2isws0
lmao your trying to win tickets lolll
i contain multitudes, okay
so, legion from mas effect is one.
episode 10 of ! and
at 17:28 hear talk about eating only enough to make weight as a 7 year old
hi while i'm in surgery can everyone send me snapchats of them dancing to work from home? that's all i want. thanks
you're in my thoughts i don't have your snapchat so i can't keep you entertained
one direction: what are we here for the irish high court: you're being sued for your lies one direction: which on...
the irish court: "little white lies.
your gonna volunteer your time too huh. to go help build it hahahahahah
fuck that, i got school lol \_()_/
i want to watch a game there.
it's a nice park. opacy is still the best, but it's def a top 5 park.
dems... always expecting others to do their work for them. :o) that's yer lot. use your own brain in future :o)
i started convo with a link. so lose the, you're doing me a favor bs
ahh thats why the tweets are flowing.. keep up the good job at work my queen (im assuming its going well)
yes it is!!! we got most of the product!
the allure of learning swift, and the whole university-level-degree worth of new programming idioms, is an impediment to shipping software.
most programmers couldn't care less about the type theory concepts. they just want to do things.
soon we will only need an iphone to drive cars - is $aapl the new $tsla?
meanwhile, $msft is buying back 10% of its float, what's good bill??
been waiting 20 mins for a burrito
our burritos are all made-to-order (crispy fries a must!). thnx for ur patience :) we'll get urs out asap!
can't sleep, so i've been cleaning my 12 gauge w xanax and bourbon.. be vewy vewy quiet,i'm hunting wabbits...
i'm very concerned about your well being
it's hits freedom of speech weather i or you agree with it or not
if you'd like to argue first amendment let me just inform you that on federal property, those "rights" can be revoked.
just keeps becoming a bigger and bigger dick.
it's not that big haha
new ad. pls note the prominently featured biometric safe:
the same 1s trump has asked 2 assassinate for him. dangerous stuff. gaslighted or not all u have to do is hint
hmm, not seeing here - delete dt and re-add?
fixed. moved from 3rd party utils folder back to applications. now system sees it fine. is there a thing as too much security?
so, legion from mas effect is one.
...mass effect. damn keyboard.
you know who deserves respect? college students! they have to fight hard against the tyranny of liberalism more than most!
liberalism is the opposite of tyranny. progressive is the opposite of conservative.
congrats to my bestfriend on passing her road test !!!!! beyond happy for u love u t...
omg thank you so much bestfriend! love you! cant wait to continue our uber services
yeah but delphox is way more kickass
but she's so uglyyyyyy :c
what is there to do at gap overnight? inventory?
yep that's what it is smh
excited to learn of the secret nasa microwave
it's wired into all the walls.
yes! i was so hoping it would be this one on the day!
hate you so much
everyone in america should live in an economy that works for them.
and since pretty much she's an extension of oscuma, it ain't going to happen under her.
trying to read the next message in a thread in ios 10 mail by scrolling up.
god i could possibly be part of the same thread.
hadn't even thought about this! uber rides downtown are abt to be way less lit
u can play spotify in your uber...no?
i feel like thrifting. i wish was in nola
lol i'm coming back for a few days in dec
i guess those 1988 world series champions t-shirts have faded by now?
it is a rag .. need a new one
raw roster was already full of guys that wrestle like cruisers, i'm sure 'toning it down' won't mean we'll see a drop in match quality.
the guys that aren't wrestling as cruisers need to stop wrestling like cruisers tbh
dems... always expecting others to do their work for them. :o) that's yer lot. use your own brain in future :o)
what about these?
truth: i spy on all the sexy girls cams to get me horny before i turn on my cam on ^.^
hey pretty please put in oil overload &amp; she does a dp oiled up put mandy muse in gangbanged
i was just correcting the auto correct idk what else is going on
kyle shut up you know what's going on luis is your boy.
ok guys. if it were between too much to dream vs that's so us....... which would you want to see on my next record and why?
thats so us hands down. i relate more tbh
"you have 47 days to change the world," trump says in toledo
trump supporter love eric clapton. if we could only change the &amp; media! there's hope!
hey friends! my next single is coming out on label next month.
let's go croc
w/ parent's circle, israelis &amp; palestinians who lost loved ones in conflict ...
the plan is to exterminate palestine and its people and is advanced
huh?? what the fuck. tell me this is an actual thing. fffffuuuuuucc ckkkkkk.
oh yeah it's a thing. it's an exclusive 13min film that only screens at the ghibli museum in japan.
this lady just told me i'll never be fat
was she selling you something?
and then, if a really big homeowner's association got too powerful, we could defeat it by banding together in a sort of federation of hoas.
have any of these people ever actually dealt with a hoa, or co-op board?
how does this embarrassing person/party really exist?
would love to know
catch us if you can!
the wastebasket idea is a good idea. not sure why we never thought of it?
i mistakenly over-fertilized my potted plants with urea. i changed the soil and washed roots but still not revived. any tips?
here is an article with some tips:
waves (upstairs for another hour)
great seeing you this week! thanks for showing me around campus!
i skipped the frigging elevator and have to find my way back rip
what you can do is find the shortcut meant for the shadows then open up both elevators that way. it's on that bottom path.
you can't succeed without failure and you can't keep failing without eventually succeeding.
hate to burst your bubble, buy you can fail continuously by chance alone (however slim the odds)
i was just correcting the auto correct idk what else is going on
and you need to ask your boy why he still with her trashy ass if he thought the messages were me
trump's campaign manager used to be a lot more honest about trump's record
amazing what a paycheck van do for some.
left view, misguided as it is, should have a voice. 1 in 5
yes i agree bt it is her attitude that digusts me.so mny others
when i went to franklin, we used to sing the national black anthem after saying the pledge of allegiance lol good ol hempstead for ya
facts i went to elementary school in the dale tho
who the hell makes these? lmaoooooo i'll make a facebook just to give it up
you wouldn't want to live there? i'd love it.
youtube heroes is giving me the worst feeling :/. why youtube.
me to. it looks legit bad
ever see any movie ever? he's the black guy
the sam l jackson
i've ordered so many things lately to revamp my drag
send me anything you don't want
i think it's salad; in france, we also say roquette
yes i saw a tweet where he said it was arugula which i do eat a lot of thanks!
i was just correcting the auto correct idk what else is going on
because i was that bitches bff she told me a whole lot so wouldn't i know
-the world would be in constant discussion as to what trump "actually" said!
-confusion exacerbated by the fact that trump himself doesn't know what he actually says, and worse, what he actually means.
i skipped the frigging elevator and have to find my way back rip
although, now that i think about it, explain the geography of the place is already a shit show in itself.
pshhh no need for her to confirm. that's what i'm here for
i plead the fifth
forget it. when you make the decision to betray your country you must live with the consequences.
the irony of us doing the same thing to england in the pursuit of freedom is lost on this guy.
good inside perspective on the fed.... looking good too!
why thank you!
can't even lie! norfolk audience is the littest so far! laughter level is off the meter!
can't wait to see you
it's... it's lit
kyle. no, really. kyle.
heard the kid lmao
lmfaoooo whenever that is
terrible return on investment here: "clinton campaign raced through $50 million last month"
stock is plummeting
he's deplorable, but let's call a spade a spade. its a big dick.
it's big for a child. that's what the girl was
the final episode of "the west wing" aired in may 2006
it lives on in our hearts
if ur wondering how every terrorist is known to the fbi but magically 'slips thru the cracks' here's your answer!...
are we at the beginning of the end?
awesome! thanks for sharing this &amp; hope you had fun!
yes it was good fun thank you.
even after each of the bubbles burst the blue line never touched the orange. makes you think...
could be biblical if it ever happens.
you're welcome
please
rtdrjillstein: the community response in charlotte is an understandable expression of anguish &amp; represents the unmet demand for justice. ...
on police homicides, racism and the reason we have some bad cops...
world, let's be honest with ourselves. chicken noodle soup smells like cat pee.
i'm about to eat chicken noodle soup
wow! veteran stands front in center in toledo, ohio during the national anthem
love it and love america!
who should pay fines if coastal commissioners are found guilty of breaking rules? them or taxpayers?
does bjr apply for public entities?
whether or not to take out enemy terrorists is one of the hardest decisions a president can face. just agonizing.
any fool knows that isis will kill millions of new yorkers with the anthrax virus. sitting ducks, goddam idiots
when are we gonna see the tantrum?
hate to say it..but he will make several incredible saves and they will come back to win.
"twitter people" lmao
yea twitter people = people on twitter who care more about what's done on twitter than in real life lol
meeting begins with showing of facebook video of arrest last week that drew so much attention.
most of city council, rpd chief ciminelli among those in attendance. about 75 people here.
your head hurts!?!?!?! imagine how the animals feel!! that's the whole point. go vegan, save animals.
well this is just wrong
try and apple tree market for our most recent voyage to ne quadrant.
no love at apple tree; will try goodbeer next. thanks for trying!
it was produced by he's pretty much the best
aww shucks, jon. thank you! isn't he a great storyteller, kathe?
b-but.. the raw images are also useful...
i'm sorry, but is there an "rm" in there i missed
i don't think gypsy is as great as everyone says it is
this is objectively wrong, though?
it's daunting trying to follow swift news/trends, and facing mind-shattering patterns/terms left and right. i'm trying to adopt gently.
daunting's a good word. it raises impediments to learning effectively. languages need progressive discovery too.
not looking forward to monday tbh
you deserve everything you get
when traveling and lose power charger and mall and hotel are useless (and primenow doesn't have it) deli...
yes, and amex calls your husband to verify the charge
i want my september back.
who do we cal to get a redo?!
you mean the war mongering us? add up how many years we have been at war
240+years. 240+ wars or squirmishes. and it is always to "save" people
when you get out of a car with a handgun visible in your hand &amp;are asked to drop it and don't,you can count on being brought down.
these people want cops to wait until one of them is actually shot before shooting back.
you mean my blog? no. i tweeted about the guy last week. told me plane spotting is a stupid hobby, then talked my ear off.
yes i remember we had an exchange about that and yes i meant your blog
bc i like androids too. lol and i think the android photo quality is so much better.
aw, dang lol. i mean.. you can have two phones? one for the plug and one for the load hahah
here's a partial sampling of don king in toledo. put on your seatbelts and stick around for the references to "whit...
don king is speaking for donald trump? guess he's more coherent anyway.
do you pay?
only if it goes well
inbox: 'the west wing' cast to campaign for hillary clinton in ohio
most of them are actually from oh...
omg they fixed the duplicate song bug in . thank you !
great choice in music! both of them! c:
what's the trade
larry fitzgerald and jacob tamme for odb
why? vodka is for cleaning wounds and giving to guests who don't rate the good liquor.
vodka is the only alcohol you dont mind losing when you are making molotov cocktails.
non-whites are hell bent on dismantling western civ. as it represents values to which they don't aspire &amp; can't achieve.
thanks for making me laugh today. keep it up, champ.
nick leddy too.
why is albekeder on the team? cant believe shattenkirk did not make it. hes a star.
best maybe. but silverstone is sooo damn boring. i'd love to see imola, paul ricard, or nrburgring.
nurburgring gp would be intense, turn 15/16? long straight, left , right, isn't safe imo
by your compliment. thank you.
harris is a true professional. her reports and show are well thought out. should be on prime time
is it possible to use different gpx files for each test?
you would need to have a separate scheme per test to do that. then only select those tests for that scheme to run.
gotta wait a little bit for the kinks to get ironed out. esp. when it's work stuff, internal tools tend to break
yeah... i was eagerbeaver on this lol
say what you want about me, but at the dentist's office i snuck a peek at my chart and one of the notes said "very interesting person."
attn i have discovered that josh is an uncovered social media genius
the skittles photo was stolen from flickr, copyright wasn't respected and the photo was taken by a refugee. amazing.
also the photographer's last name kind of sounds like "skittles"
well he finally found his soul brother, convicted killer race traitor don king...
don has no respect for the struggle of men like my father who had to take literacy tests to vote. dad would never use n-word
is it possible to format drives as jbod for the shuttle xl?
yes, there is a pass through configuration in the g-speed utility, thanks for the assistance on this one
answer: no. he never said no fly zone.
it's beyond frustrating. putin's hands are just as dirty as assad's. they've both committed war crimes &amp; against children too!
. wants to build an economy that values americans with disabilities.
the warmonger hrc will be potus
"best korea facebook" - only has "like" buttons, which you are required to select. lmao
it almost sounds satirical.
hey i'm a artist from chicago i need help for my promotion i need a team with me
ight ii def can help out sorry fo rthe late hit back was cooking
-the world would be in constant discussion as to what trump "actually" said!
-international diplomacy would become like one big mad hatter's tea party, with putin serving the tea.
dc with a faint british
you've been checking my twitter profile. :p
i'm glad cali and the world get to see the potential i always saw in you keep doing your thing my brother
i appreciate it bro, you already know
yeah, recovery from ocd fully was in 2005 , spent the last 11 years raising awareness of what ocd really is about. it's been a pleasure
envious of your recovery but happy for you! you help so many people it's amazing
grad program in neuroscience at nyu now accepting apps! .
happy to answer questions -- especially w/those who might not otherwise consider applying. please e-mail me.
here's my facebook page if you're into that type of thing
kitty we will do . . . thx 4 support all ....
nat'l academies' study: $500 billion immigration tax on working americans ...
immigration is breaking our backs!
well, time to wrap up the tour. i've finally got enough hotel soaps to last me for a while.
why does this not shock me even a little? :p
i so admired bob fitzgerald for his ability to do his job as his wife battled cancer. and wow, did she fight. condolences to bob and family
oh my goodness thankyou for informing his fans. may her memory be eternal.
???!!! no it was so cold. the ac was up to like max. everyone who came in was like damn it's freezing in here.
you're gonna end up like jack nicholson in the shining after one day
i am sorry i am trying to delete them as quickly as i can
do not worry, you are just a red panda, how much can we expect without opposable thumbs?
hutch loves yelling at me
he likes me
twitter for me is about the election, which at this point time is trump and clinton, it's one or the other
you have a point, but discriminatory practices are only gonna add fuel to the fire.
not my fault. i went to bed and woke up to it.
g started talking about bull oysters or whatever they're called lol. not me
what are some foods your parents forced you to eat when you were a kid that you hated?
nothing i was a spoiled brat!
haha! that might make it into a book tho ;d
well then, if i can serve as inspiration, i'll have the chainsaw ready for your arrival, my beautiful sweet sadist !!!!!
they were good for awhile
lol well in my generation, it was just a huge trend (boy bands and girl groups lol!) so we were obsessed haha :-d
and do you know what their definition of "talking about" is?
ask the algorithms.
thas you doing that high note ?
def lol turnt off the flat
'17 mini john cooper works clubman: when fancy needs to be sporty.
this makes me miss my mini cooper. sure, tesla is nice, but damn it i want my mini back now! seriously.
palo alto has really dug itself a massive hole. won't build housing + commercial rents out of control:
- is trying to digs us out/fix the bug he is pro-housing &amp; pro-small business
did someone mention adf this week at ? it seems adf is the new oracle forms ...
there's a(nother) browser based ide in oracle's developer cloud service ... for
money's the ultimate aphrodisiac and rowling's swimming in gold ...and breathing.
which makes tolkien the most fuckable. he'd be unresisting and dtf
i threw the little bitch in her room.
hope you literally did that just chuck them in there like a sack of potatoes
tonight at !
do we have ? and or any other new surprises?
someone just tweeted about cookout, and i literally want to take a drive to petersburg, va so i can enjoy that banana pudding milkshake.
i'll pay for gas and tolls
any good techno parties in baltimore?
love your music and now this is another reason more to like you; you like techno! come to new york!!
i mean, come on, , the "look at the goodies the campaign gave us!" bit is kind of ... i don't even have the word for it.
"first they gave us popcorn and i said nothing, because i was hungry"
not my fault. i went to bed and woke up to it.
yeah, because you have a face of innocence lol.
y'all don't understand that this "freedom of speech" was happening at a school property which is federally owned. just like a school can
enforce dress code, no foul language, etc, they have the right to not allow a confederate flag on campus &amp; punish accordingly
whos fucking w you
two raggedy ass hoes
how much does it cost to park a car in nyc for 4 days?
a few hundo in a garage, or your time of moving it for street cleaning 1-2 times.
tom rogic put aboot 5 wide
tooooooom rogic
this has to be a trick.
re-arrange the letters? cake pile pups... mystery solved.
you know how they say rid yourself of toxic people? latently racist; silent &amp; complicit or all lives matter yt friends are quite toxic.
so are the soft shoe negroes who "weep" for "our communities" like a bunch of protracted rectums on legs spitting diarrhea. septic tbh.
real sweet for a budget phone
the lg g stylo
"can't install, restart now" *restarts* "can't install, restart now" if macos wotsit has hosed my imac i will be distinctly unimpressed.
at least you get an intelligible error...
twitter for me is about the election, which at this point time is trump and clinton, it's one or the other
and, youre right. the reality is that those two are gonna president. im more focused on legislation
anthony weiner reportedly had an online relationship with a 15-year-old via
because that isn't gross and creepy. mr. weiner is 52. by the "age / 2 + 7" rule, he should be trying to meet 30-year-olds, at minimum.
i'm unable to read "the demise of kodak" article b/c im not a wsj member, is anyone else is having trouble?
thanks for letting me know! i am going to include the link here. let me know if it works!
i know... i'm sorry.
it's ok. i mean you're in the majority! note that someone else tweeted at me about how much they loved psycho as a hot take.
love you brother, very proud of you.
love u too mane i can't believe we out of the high lol it hit me 2day
yeah it's rly hard to juggle twitch right now with my current ambitions. maybe later on in the middle of next year :)
i totally get it you're doing great :) i'm just happy to see you making time to twitch stream. im trying to get a stream going :p
his presence in this game means he's already been dropped
i would bet money he won't be
just because something look "picture perfect" don't mean shit is. people gotta focus on the actual problem not the image
right. fuck how it looks. how is it really....?
you're welcome for the twitter avatar
speaking of which, he's back. dammit.
lady just told me she's never shopping here again bc we sell trump hats
i've had like 10 customers tell me the same
someone in my office just asked "what are your thoughts on brangelina?" me: nothing there are more important things going on in the world.
them: "oh?" me: literally people are being killed every day in this country for the color of their skin so... them: "oh shit. duh. fuck"
speaking from experience: this only pushes african american voters away
but if the goal is to lure suburban white voters .....
8 years ago today i was entrusted with running imore. this summer, thanks to and team,...
love your work, keep it up!
what happens if new england is out of qbs? it's julian edelman time baby!
he was a quarterback at before that.
. thinks 's killing isn't race driven:
seriously ray what news are you looking at?
good point. maybe it will be &lt;1 (or zero). yesterday cured cancer. joking aside, clearly an important in...
that someone who can is trying something new. won't see order-of-magnitude changes by incrementing the old system.
cherabog . waiting at school for my son. color time
wonderful colors!!
your boyfriend is a lucky man
no boyfriend! thank god for right now! lol :)
very sad, that this is news we must remember.
we must remember + fight back against the dysfunctional system. californians should vote in november!
making up the news: how the western media misreported the syrian convoy attack -
the people are completely dumbied down. see how who they consider for potus, passing sanderd
great job ! love hearing your great ideas!
awww thank you so much!! appreciate it!!
that's exactly what i said.
i say it all the time now t
"we love you, buddy, but what are you here for if you can't answer basic questions?"
bcos he knows nothing or they dont have any plan. thats why they have spent millions in add and is still winning
new baby is due any day now and my wife still refuses to consider the name gojira.
she said no to godzilla?
hey all. so, given the situation at sunlight, i need to raise money to apply for a new visa. if you like my writing:
good luck, i hope you make your goal!
mike francesa lied right through his teeth, again. "i told you the would sign cespedes." let's see if that's...
i love it ur the man!
celebrate demise of the 'botox queen' cristina kirchner and welcome new president mauricio macri
happy brexit, guys! salute from diego
flat earth seems to have trouble with pluto for some strange reason.
is it a planet, dwarf planet or a disney dog....the nwo &amp; can't seem to make up their minds...very suspicious...
overly effusive stories, dumb hilite vids... the whole thing. you're all over kids like they're the 2nd coming and it goes to their heads.
i was on campus for terrelle pryor's official visit in columbus and it was a bizarre circus. look what that lead to down the road.
cast recordings from the '70s are unlistenable-to, why is everyone shouting.
how dare you shade elaine stritch like that
i just wanna stop watching it ... it's too painful for me
but michael is the one for her i mean... i think so.
days left until the nba season begins!
also . shaun livingston.
civilization v turns six years old today! what is your fondest memory with the game?
accidentally nuking the aztec capital when trying to see if it was in range of my nuclear sub, good times
the real words most of us would use for t..rump can't b written or spoken
in polite society, that is. #!!#####!!
you called it. i should never doubt you. obvi.
framing that tweet
homeschool!no kids! no schools! no gov in your business! no bureaucrats
we need to abolish public schools and contract education out to the private sector where incentive still works.
pray for me y'all. i'm about to take a test
you got this
and one my dear friends these fucktards want suspended. i won't stand for it.
psst ash, time for the new name
and my hometown, elizabeth, nj in the news again. not the kind of news any of us wants but he handled it well.
thank you very much and all my friends enjoyed your book since the visit when you launched in your hometown
we literally talked about it today!
they're getting to you lol my life has been a mess but it's getting back together
the case for pardoning is pretty damn strong tbh
he shouldn't be pardoned. instead all charges should be dropped immediately.
lmao i can't even imagine that, your legs are so long
it's majestic
at orlando rally, clinton decries shooting deaths of unarmed african-americans
is it not a lie, saying that keith lamont scott in charlotte was "unarmed?" you mention in article, but don't challenge? sad!
i hate school because y'all are all so inactive can i fight school!!!??!??? step up homie
fight my college please
too much water in most of them.
once watched a friend power his moped with some high proof rum. ah, the glories of youth...
you know, i like spaghetti; it's all tangled together and fun to play with ;)
-that describes trumps words to a t. he dishes out the spaghetti let's everyone else untangle it!
hey, jayme! were your burning cuz i was talking about you? are you going tomorrow?
lol nope. too far to drive for a mere chance.
very sad, that this is news we must remember.
we must remember + fight back against the dysfunctional system. californians should vote and in november!
if you can embrace your inner dowdmistress, land's end stuff is usually decent quality/reasonable price.
i do like quality!
hi guys! they say that the curves are what today, so many women would like to have a voluptuous...
lovely outfit.
when you trust with your phone. 82 pictures later
you're welcome
john boehner joins lobbying firm - the former speaker has landed at squire patton boggs. ...
obomb will most likely join arm dealing firm. the warmonger got contacts
this week is gonna consist of several mental breakdowns i can already feel it now
breakdown of the week &amp; it's wednesday, doing better than i though
agreed, but the balance between rights and safety has never been easy or painless for those caught inbetween
i had my candidate. it was bernie but the dnc/msm rigged it. i only disagreed with continuing the drone program
they were talking about rumors of kids being responsible as well as other early rumors
i thought you meant his attempt to make it look like he was being put through the ringer because of who he is.
and now proposes taking nationwide an incredibly controversial policy at center of civil liberties debate
our great leader taking the lead on stop and frisk. he is unstoppable! telling it like it is. no fear!
the remix &gt; og
wayne and beyonce on it flamesss
t-minus 41 hrs until v7 makes their way to the !
have fun! we had a blast last year!!!
he gotta android...he type like how snapchat looks for androids
i ain't never seen nothing like that in my life. even when kids used to type like that, they ain't go off the deep end like that
i know my hoe had hoe tendencies, but i been over that, word on the block is your nigga be sucking dick....whatsup wit that ?
where's the proof? because he's with me everyday he ain't suckin nothin.
american book barns.
thanks for sharing!
you're more creative than me haha
na. on a different note. watching aaron rodgers this year is 2x more fun wondering what family is thinking back home.
the strength you showed was almost incomprehensible, mike. wishing you all the best in your healing.
matt, that means the world. thank you.
that's debatable. he's been seen unloading halal tuna in the warehouse. suspicious behavior.
hmm it does sound fishy.
i know my hoe had hoe tendencies, but i been over that, word on the block is your nigga be sucking dick....whatsup wit that ?
at least my man ain't in florida telling me he's with his mom
mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan aim to 'cure, prevent and manage' all disease
start by eradicating "trumpitis."
if they don't turn the heat on by friday ^^^that will be me monday
that actually me everyday. like i actually bring a big giant scarf everyday
so i've officially started making my arkham city harley cosplay and im pumped i've been so busy recently so it's nice to have a project
i hope there will be progress pictures
omg! rfc bringing the scorching hot takes to premiere day!
i'm starting to get fired up for the new season!
your outrage (your tweets, your jokes, your attention) is *exactly* what m*lo wants (this is not meant as a defense)
that's too easy - publications need to be taken to task when they make a mistake. this isn't just about milo.
says a big problem in oakland is cops have a culture of not reporting (i.e. "snitching") on each other for crimes.
the cops call it snitching. some condemned figueroa as a snitch when he momentarily looked like he'd be chief.
lol the bone-in look hella different from bww
i only fuck with the boneless @ wingstop but bww smack though , only been once &amp; i didn't get full
did ppl say that if someone else buys the cd for u that ull be able to go on friday?
there are like 115 people here rn and i think you have to buy it on your own
excuse me, i have an announcement to make !!!
you can now save drafts on instagram. amazing
as long as everyone behaves
i found true hearted on some blogspot when i was like 19 and i'm so pumped to finally see y'all
i go4trump4peace w/russia i cannot do +kill ur family &amp;alluever knew irradiate environment2...
trump cant mke peace with self. got personality disorder known as sociopathy
in case you missed twitter this year: bvs was too dark, your friends are affirming their dislike of trump with gifs &amp; brangela is no more.
very little about curtis hanson's passing yesterday. :(
streaming again tomorrow at 7pm ct! what game do you want to see?
i guess i'll go with dk64 if there's no chaos edition...
5 hrs down 6 more to go and i'm losing steam
those are a lot more hours...
when i was a kid i thought the black market was a physical location one went to fill up their shopping cart from a bazaar of illegal wonders
then you learned it's called canal street
this is the best - my name on
tyvm: 4the +
must read: "donald trump: the leader who will take us forward" via
still boycott cnn. the clinton news network! only common sense tells you what we all see. it's time for a post change!
no chance, unfortunately
i'm willing to work for your editor as the man on the ground - a neutral observer - if required!
gloria steinem campaigns for hillary today in nv. does she know about hillary's abuse of her husband's sexual assault victims ?
the question is....does she even care bill is a rapist and a mysoginist ??
i remember when we were 14 now you a woman. i'm so grateful i have you as a friend! and happy 18th
lmao i hate u thank you obinna
no one person can offer us anything! it is up to "you" to make the decision or "choice" to let your "destiny" "happen"!!!
i just posted this thought on twitter. i think it can help. hope you like it. make it a great day !!!
yeah!!! amazon. com package!!! "criminal minds beyond borders" season one ...
haha. you both are too cute!!! love it!!!
i think she's referring to the typo happened*
whatever same difference
$4993 of new money in the pick 6 at indiana grand. bodler kicks off pick 6 with 13/1 upset in 3rd race.
speed track there today..
i can't quite figure out what lady gaga did to her face
cheek implants and a nose job.
that's that real shit, maybe people don't wanna know about that, maybe it's too deep lol
i'm all about the deep shit. remember my video, "shit really be deep, some shit ain't that deep, but shit really he deep" lol
sounds fun :p
i actually got those flashes while on the last mission in xcom 2!
huge respect 4 you &amp; that was prob your finest column ever. thanx 4 taking the time 2 respond 2 tweets even when we disagree
thanks man. civil disagreement used to be the best thing about this society. now everybody's got a pick a team. i appreciate you.
you are going to be sued for slander. you are added to the list of
if it were false, which it's not, it would be liable. it's true &amp; public record
anthony weiner got ahold of huma's quran and self radicalized. how did we miss the signs?
you are absolutely right. she is a hypocritical bitch.
worlds largest solar plant im single location @ kamudhi, ramanathapuram (2500 acres) producing 648 mw will b dedica...
r u sure it's for tn, not like nlc! and how much we're paying for adani per unit.
i had my candidate. it was bernie but the dnc/msm rigged it. i only disagreed with continuing the drone program
now it looks like trump may become president. and that is nobodys fault but the dnc propping up the most corrupt
but think about the future
lol yes dre; hair grows my boy
i'd hate for people to fear reporting criminal activity for fear of media calling them names.
i'm much more concerned about the delusion of ending demand. it's called the worlds olded profession for a reason.
upgrading to ios 10 has made my previously-great bluetooth wireless headphones barely functional. coincidence?
had the opposite experience so \_()_/
sure, if you want to kill cyclists, hiding them behind a row of cars is even more effective - run over at the next intersection.
that's not true ingo. have u biked nyc's 2nd ave lately? or bike paris? munich? cph? bike lane design is solved
slice em and oven roast em with herbs and olive oil. good in pasta, salads, spread on bread, intense pizza sauce...
thank you so much!!
i'm grateful for our law enforcement who put others before themselves every day in the line of duty. aren't you?
greatest respect for law enforcement!
i go4trump4peace w/russia i cannot do +kill ur family &amp;alluever knew irradiate environment2
she is a warmonger ut she knows well no one attacks russia w/o ww3
i can't find an option for that. any tips?
try latest build from and check chrome://flags
34 days to go...
can i twitch my nose to make time go faster?""
i don't feel like going to shows anymore.
i say this all the time and wind up going anyway lmao
and lower clinton's support among aas.
how would that happen if, by your calculus, it would drive aa voters away from trump?
sincewhen do we legitimize losing our constitution rights?!
legitimizingtrumps insanity is nuts
working with the database, either as an admin or write sql scripts etc. workon enterprise dashboards for data representation
please apply and do not hesitate to ping me if you need help.
dang it erica i wish you were playing here
aww man i know!!!
*student jumping from the wall to the desk* me: please review our safety rules student: safety my asshole
i was honestly impressed. he's 6.
i have mind control over hydrocell. lol i actually have control over his mood and attitude
you have acne all over your face and u were in spawn every round it's just facts
all of the edits are done on my story for a children's book. now for the illustrations and then off to the printer! eeeeee! so excited!
how cool! have you decided on a name for the book yet?
i'm shocked y'all even got back together because all you do is. bring her down.
do you not remember when you almost made her over dramatic self kill herself 2 years ago
currently working and listening to for the first time. hilarious and enlightening. they cute too!
welcome! thanks for listening!
"scrutinized in bad faith &amp; beyond all reason for her entire camp... i cannot wait to vote for hc!"
i'm with you &amp; all in for
override on special interest tax breaks means more budget cuts necessary.
tax and regulate i-poker prohibition doesn't work
this fool character from "in living color" makes more sense than ray lewis does.
more 3 year old grandson makes more sense than ray lewis. i really think we need dave chappelle on this case.
i'm shocked y'all even got back together because all you do is. bring her down.
y'all is mad for eachother.
hillary clinton speaks in orlando on her plan for helping america's poor
offering more entitlements and telling minorities they have to vote for her is not a plan. she will change nothing
sunday at the theater!
love this musical! great songs.
this is dope!
sounds interesting
fo real! if i do slide to dc, i might have to make that move.
we out
what happened to the 80 something degrees it was supposed to be today?
i told the sun to chill
i'd hate for people to fear whistleblowing for fear of libby starting anti-leak hunts.
this exchange is so close to becoming a rap battle.
be good catch your breath we will see you soon
i'm back. but if i disappear u know where...
sincewhen do we legitimize losing our constitution rights?!
what you people are doing is legitimizing nazi era thinking
old dirty bastard? if it's odell beckham jr , whoever gets obj is winning by a large margin
yeah i'm the one with odb. any suggestions with line up? this is what it is now and then the second...
it's a club at my school lmfao
that's hella dope. i didn't know that i thought it was just a bay account i was gonna throw a video up for the culture
gibbs just told me that "there's too much sauce" and i have no idea what the fuck he meant
it's a song
i love it! he is adorable and awesome
kinda reminds me of tree knight actually
agreed, but the balance between rights and safety has never been easy or painless for those caught inbetween
politician in recent history. trump wouldve been a cakewalk for bernie because he cance...
so great to see science issues at the top of the list at this year. solving &amp; needs everybody
of course whether the commitments made at today will translate into tangible action, we'll see. we have to keep pushing.
i just finished reading 'black wings had my angel'. i thought it was great. seems up your alley if you haven't read it.
done. it is now on my kindle. looks great. thanks!
is anthony weiner getting ready to flee? have u heard this?
first i'm see of this story.i'll get back to you bc no 1 likes a weiner in the wrong location
had the opposite experience so \_()_/
glad to hear it, actually. no planned obsolescence, just a buggy software update.
i do too, but idkk, i'm just tired hahaha
me all the time
45 mins for the yeezys
guarenteed cop or nah?
sincewhen do we legitimize losing our constitution rights?!
you should all be ashamed.
how dare you shade elaine stritch like that
girl elaine stritch was just a shout in a hat.
oh i still don't think that is his kid.
i think claudette is manipulating nathan.. it's obvious.. she's so desperate for his attention.. to thirsty.
trump do not value america or americans. he panders to blacks while tearing them down. he has not rspc for hispanics and muslims.
djt "panders" to the black community because that's what democrat politicians do.yes, i said djt is a democrat.
that's too easy - publications need to be taken to task when they make a mistake. this isn't just about milo.
this is also a direct result of trump's candidacy and opportunism and the media's lack of responsibility
same goes for this one; how does this address any salient point being made, or were you just trying to be a dick?
i wouldn't say he was "trying"
people are so rude to other fans. all of us are equal. it doesn't matter how many times you've seen them, or how much money you send on-
them. people express their love differently, and you don't have the right to judge that.
gov and the honor this year's super teachers.
tax and regulate i-poker prohibition doesn't work
u worry abt kasmiris/assam/deccan/maoist/redcorridor/gujrat/tamils forget about us...
in 20 mins speech ur pm spoke 15 mins abt india &amp; u say forget abt us!wish emojis could help ur failed country!!
plot twist; nicole back stabs paul, takes james. james win bb18. twitter loses their shit
works foir me
did he really? like for real?
did he what miss?
can't save the world dog. start at home.
exactly! at the end of the day that's all we got, home and our family
yup both of those are facts bro. do you feel better now?
no you need to get better tho
and y'all both play eachother what is that shit. that ain't love. she just came back to you because of nala and so she could
wear your supreme and cause she got bored of cory because he was too clingy
, : really enjoyed your webinar today. logical methodology. very well done. .
thanks so much ray for the feedback! glad you could make it.
sorry to hear that! how long were you on our site?
a few months
watch lay out her policies for creating an inclusive economy:
yeah tax the middle class and the rich. that plan has been around forever and doesnt work. trump will help
god bless . harry reid would never even play this game just for the optics.
no! absolutely not!
he used to be all his new shit seem like he trying to hard
maybe his new movies but not him . lol i think he's just naturally funny.he has a new stand up comedy movie that seems funny
glad to hear it, actually. no planned obsolescence, just a buggy software update.
also noticed that bluetooth reliability is much better on my 7 than my 6s+
rpd chief ciminelli now speaking.
said process of collecting, reviewing video has taken time. includes body camera footage from two officers.
well. there it is.
can we start w 's immigrant ancestors please?
joe you told him to unfollow tell him to follow again fuck
lmao, please follow him back bryce
the 8 million americans abroad almost never vote. this dead easy tool can fix that but only if we make it famous:
you assuming that majority of the 8 million have no brains like u bots &amp; willing to vote for the liar and war monger crooked hillary
how a massachusetts couple saved thousands from nazi death camps
watched some of this last night. they left their children to help save jews. imagine doing this? truly amazing.
no you need to get better tho
like in real life and cod
refugee terrorists? texas to drop out of feds' program over security fears
good for them!
stockholm syndrome?
lying syndrome.... they know percentages and rates. they just keep repeating the lie
racists are making it obvious they want trump. the msm is 98% white conservatives they are all in for trump. ...
you can definitely tell by the coverage of trump. it's trumptv all the time.
any plans to be in dublin ? would love to have you speak at a meetup.
unfortunately not this trip :( hope to get back there soon though!
if she leaves me on read one more time that's it ! i'll call luis to take care of some business
you left me on delivered
if we want to save not only our nation, but our planet as well, we have no choice, but to stop the gluttony &amp; greed of corporate predation!
we dont. we are warmongers. we never ever worked for peace. dont be fooled by end of ww2, it never really ended
flat earth seems to have trouble with pluto for some strange reason.
tesla had an opinion about pluto, that was suppressed by for decades!
interview at 13:30 today hub area of pavilion
i'll be there.. on time
two weeks addiction free thanks to
proud of you
very surprised you're so low (iq) on michaela! she's one of my winner picks along with chris. why aren't you impressed??
i may just be extremely biased against southern accents but she doesn't sound intelligent to me. i like chris though.
that's too easy - publications need to be taken to task when they make a mistake. this isn't just about milo.
i agree!! but think it's also important to consider the larger context in which that critique is made &amp; how it can be used
first time i've tried to have lunch and i have no vouchers- full pass???? so if my tummy rumbles in my session sorry
probably you dropped somewhere, it should be with the back of reception event card.
i just finished reading 'black wings had my angel'. i thought it was great. seems up your alley if you haven't read it.
that cover is awesome --
my apologies if you already know this.
thanks for the info! lol i have no idea what i'm doing, actually. never made it before.
my son on his death bed
lmao why mine got the same crack on the charger not the strangle of death u got there
chris christie calls hillary clinton a "disgrace" after her comments on police shootings
pic.twitter.com/srfnhpuof
hillary wants to shutdown the coal mining industry, leaving thousands without a future ...
yes she does. she admitted it!
us on our way to san pedro?!
yall down!?
"i've kept it bottled up and to myself in the cellar kept for my ever-changing mental health."
why did it take me this long to listen to touch amor
what are we trying to say?
ohh, nothing, lol.
i know my hoe had hoe tendencies, but i been over that, word on the block is your nigga be sucking dick....whatsup wit that ?
and luis you can shut up because werent you trying to have a threesome with me and cait (i mean thts what ur boy hd told me)
so- my question is: would people be able to enjoy the show, having me sing lower and less throughout the set- and would you sing along...
by all means, take it easy &amp; tone things down if need be. we'd hate to see you hurting for the whole rest of the tour. :o
who's the first one?
olivia dunham, from fringe.
the irs commissioner belongs in prison
in prison and made someone's prison beoch and slapped repeatedly to rid him of that smug obnoxious smirk.
we are the r.a.f.
real awesome forks?
this is why i have so little respect for . they should stand up, say no to the network.
their shows are great. lawrence has been speaking up.....the station is not listening.
you are in our prayers. reach out to your elders &amp; other family to help. agencies have help too to give you a rest.
yes brother baker you are certainly in our prayers, jehovah will not leave you, sending christian love to u all
shipping will just be charged once! great question!
great question and great answer :)
does this mean christians or just white folks?
if you hear "american values" and it doesn't include people of color, then maybe you have the problem, not trump.
twitter would suck so much without you bro.
literally and physically. suck that is.
i have no idea what you're talking about, im just making sure you know what's up. called stat...
hey ... no wonder our don't know geography....what's next - rewriting civil war outcome?
a new major. i would've studied this
i would've definitely majored in this. data analytics parsing through big data is becoming big business
yeah, it's possible, but not too possible, k? we're not racists or anything. whatever you do, don't call us racists.
so obvious it's laughable to even ask!
i need to get my shit together
baaby you're the highlight of my lowlife
ik it's crazy how pro player hydrocell loses to people like rawski42 now
i never lose to you unless you lag your host which u just did
it was most likely obama who planned it... just like 9/11 when he went out for a "vacation" and wasn't working.
lmao yo that video hurt to watch
last night, at the premiere of hurricane bianca in
do you have any personal email? i want to share something with you,
this can't be controversial in our circles, but miss saigon is a far, far better show than les mis.
i mean, it's definitely a more racist show.
squash casserole or fried squash are the preferred methods of squashing down here.
fried squash? shut the front door
yemenis are slaughtered so that us economy won't collapse.
obomb mass murder pillager baby killer bush on steroid unaccountable
i'm getting old. new life motto: "that's right, put in work move your ass, go to work. eat your salad, no dessert. get that man you deserve"
i say this after having cake for breakfast
sf politics means an overflow crowd for an obscure commission's discussion of bus lanes in an outlying neighborhood
that's why you got there early to get a seat inside like i did yesterday.
apple not being revolutionary anymore is overrated. they just changed my mail delete option from trash to bin .
finally moved out of the city? (...)
black outreach ---&gt; don king:donald trump :: cornel west:bernie sanders
but i take bernie over trump any day!
lol my book has received its first pro-slavery amazon review
guy was such a close friend to eugene genovese that he remembers him writing time on the cross
hope to see that note repeated every day
definitely!!
dnc is soley responsible, the gop owns it as well.
ive actually gained respect for the rnc, at least they openly disenfranchise me and dont hide it lol
whether disco sucks or you love harry carey, open a beer and enjoy the sox and 1979 steve dahl joy! via
i'm firing this up. i'll be busy for the next 3.5 hours. whatever you do, don't open this door!
my fav cereal has a candy bar version of itself, it's amazing (can't find it in the us ;[ ). heaven is real
jane on larkin has oreo, cap'n'crunch, and corn flake cookies. they are amaze.
you don't like it?
i love it niggas just don't deserve it
it's linked to this tweet don't wish that bullshit on me!
i just called pregnancy bullshit. jesus christ
hmm that would be very wrong!
yes it would be.
your courage 2 speak the truth is an inspiration! [video] via
truth is power, ones own story even beyond majestic!!
more nuanced and complex than you are presenting. too much telling niggas what they want to hear instead of the actual law
we were not talking about cases. really don't have any idea of what you are talking about at all on any level.
hey, can someone tell my why my new hdmi cable isn't working? here is a picture of it.
seems like all the other ones i have hooked up around my place. i recommend taking it to the store and shoving it in their faces.
i never lose to you unless you lag your host which u just did
welp dirty i'm going back to blocking you lmaooo gl with your face hope u get it fixed one day
francis scott key wrote the star spangled banner... which says "land of the free" but he was a slave owner. isn't adding up at all...
it never will!
very interested in this person who seems to fav every time someone disagrees with me about anything. what's the problem sis?
lmao i hate that
must read: "donald trump: the leader who will take us forward" via
/ still boycott cnn , the clinton's news network! it's time for a positive change. trump pence 2016!
when you connected like the city lights.. things work in your favor
lmaoo, oh please...
interesting that it only starts at size 6. why?
if they used tabs instead of spaces, everyone could have their preferred size...
you're not. i also don't see what the big deal is about olive oil. i figure avocados are good for texture, at least.
i do enjoy olive oil. most of the stuff you get in stores has very little flavor, but you can get some really nice ones for $$$.
just think cuddy mfkas be gavin bills n expenses shit who really has time to save the fucking day
survival...all we tryin to do at home!
dm me your address! i'll mail it to you!
ha ha - thanks! but, i don't want to steal your bobblehead!
my brother saw me with makeup and told me i looked like mia khalifa..... why does he know who she is
the million dollar question is do he fantasize of fucking mia khalifa.. and if so does that mean he fantasizes about you?
trying to achieve the exact same types from database to the frontend seems like the wrong goal. instead, agree on an edge representation
i've decided i just want the same 'codes' with two interpretations. ref for a client is a url, for the db it is an int.
hi darren on the phone late last night. my little buddy's great gmom passed last night. helping a friend.
so sorry to hear that jon. hope hunterl is ok.
you seem cool brother...but as an attorney you go to do better on these podcasts like taxstone. you know these cases are
i don't care about being cool and you have no idea about the cases i represent and we are not talking about my cases.
hillary got on steve harvey radio show and called white people racist . she said white people .
as a white person i guess that would include her, the stupid bitch!!
"aspiring writers" aka people who write mtv shows and peabody award winners
i got curious about who owl goingback was and it turns out he has the most goth website of all time
and so the strange new respect i earned by being anti-trump this year evaporates, like tears in rain, or humor in a john oliver monologue.
ross you talking to yourself. not healthy.
shit they are already regulating weed...why not sex work!? oh wait this is their way of regulating
it's an awful way of regulating. the should hire consultants from new zealand.
i just looked it up and there could be some connection made haha
same shit, they both build pyramids.
when bitches try to correct u n end up being wrong
i wasn't wrong bitch
more nuanced and complex than you are presenting. too much telling niggas what they want to hear instead of the actual law
and i don't know what niggas you are talking about and i'm not telling anyone what they want to hear.
i'm at work sadly but i'll shoot b a message i know he is off today grinding.
i think he messaged you just not to this chain
what do you think?
build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete.
and what's wrong with being gay?
i don't care who's what. straight or gay, but i believe it's wrong and most of the world does.
to be fair: don king attended a fundraiser with hillary clinton and harry reid in 2014...
this is the part where msm start devaluing black men that support trump.
i don't mind aging more than the next late 30-something. but i find gray chest hairs particularly distressing.
i was at most handsome around 45 when my temples went gray. unfortunately i turned into an old man at 50 .
why the fuck would i want to go to a piece of shit state? texas is goat.
not as goat as cali lol
wow. this is my fortune today.
play those numbers! lol
our program is called it's stem-teractive. tshirts, supplies. legos, knex anything you can help us with
we can help on that mission meeting tonight actually let's discuss
nothing like a little teamwork is there. enlist in our patriot army at the usfa awaits.
he did not have sex with that woman killary, not one time...webb did and maybe vince.
happy birthday!! hope someone someone sends you some nudes in celebration lol
thank you. i hope so too. these niggas owe me.
*takes off glasses* pains me to say it. you know i've loved cam since auburn. *skip silently nods* but we gotta get him the fuck outta here
lmao stephen a. gotta do it for the culture
i had the same problem giving my "unsafe" mustache rides.
the solar panel for my sex machine never generated enough output to make the conversion worth the expense
ankole-watusi is a strange breed of cattle originally native to africa.
that doesnt seem comfortable, or fun
cut the news into pieces is this the last report? it's confusing no segues don't give a fuck about lottery numbers
i've never had more respect for you
a great man once said, "we must protect the worst among us to protect the best inside of us." (fyi, i said that. i'm the great man.)
if you were fdr who also said that it would be true.
what's an interesting angle you are taking. trying to really light an ember there eh? i applaud you for showing backbone!
i hate choo both
our coach today recommended "working out loud" by and i said: yepp, i know this smart guy. greets from germany, john.
tell your coach i said "karsten is awesome." (it's true. your contributions on our esn were so generous &amp; helpful.)
if only i had seen this earlier, i would've tuned in to see the ethical bankruptcy of
has who illegally brought a gun &amp; ammo to congress commenting on &amp;
if sweden loses and russia beats finland by 3, sweden doesn't advance right?
russia is not beating finland by 3. that will be a tough game. probably decided by a goal.
1 - personal update: my mother's husband passed away yesterday, which changes my work schedule going forward (i'll be dealing with it all)
sorry for your family loss.
12-8 shifts are annoying cause your not closing but your dead at work the whole day
and 8 really means 9:25 smfh
dam vegas?? i might have to lol but fosho i might want to do something small just the close homies and hit up some good bars
i'm always down for that. i might have to stay out there tho cuz i'll prolly be too fucked up or tired
we'll look into this. sorry it passed you up. bus could have been full ^ck
please do look into. driver made eye contact and i was standing right along the curb
rocking the middle hair part today
u could literally go bald and still look good
i made a gif and tried to send it to twitter directly from the app but it was sent as a photo
then ai saved to device and it just disappeared?! lol how do u export?
just responded to you. i'll let you retreat back into your liberal safe zone.
stop embarrassing yourself- your lazy ignorance and parroting of drivel, makes it obvious you do not understand liberty,
so nervous for the interview i'm about to do that i'm just sitting at my desk practicing how i'm going to say hello
who who who (if you are allowed to say)
quality podcasts. host is a practicing clinician, has an advanced degree &amp; loves her profession....
thanks karim! appreciate that coming form you!
but lgbt press not same as lgbt mission; we're not glaad and mission is to tell the story, even when unpalatable.
aaron, you don't need to tell a white supremacist's story in your magazine. no matter the attention it gets.
our fr child has gotten so big
how is she so big now she used to be so smol
i understand people may think i'm one of those but it takes months of saving+prepping and some of them are like in maldives next stop dubai
pit stop in bora bora. shit is crazy
ah, gotcha. thanks for reading the blog! there's a chance i'll have a nee post up later this week, but probably not until next
i don't want to mislead you that i read it much, but if you let me know about it i will.
keep swiping left we'll get to him eventually
honestly i would cream my panties
finally got my iphone 7 plus
lol i'm sensing some apple worker violations here if i ordered mine and still don't have it
delete this
you can't delete that blonde hair. so nah.
what's the best movie you've seen recently?
"don't breath"
only reason to believe turner's innocence is his denial. which contradicts all other accounts &amp; ev
those "other accounts" come solely from the two bicyclists, &amp; they have their own perception.
damn you were in my top 8 on myspace but after this tweet ima have to take you off bro. smh lmao
lmfaoo! i'm used to the abuse bro but i take it. gotta be a fan no matter whose pressing you, but i respect it.
come next week for our anniversary show!
i will try!
legal rebellion in michigan over refugees could help trump win state ...
it's about time!
the problem kaepernick wants to highlight has continued.
but what about the white guys being killed by black cops???
they've been sitting around for a decade in my garage; came from a school in virginia
do you have an fc5025? you can do many of these if they're one-sided.
ever tried byobu? it helped me use tmux more often. builds in top of it.
cool! i haven't heard of it before
note to self.. always ask where they are from before buying stuff for someone... lol gotemmmmmmm
money exchange rate too op?
rpd capt. korey brown said that intersection is an open air marijuana market. said it is so obvious what is being done there.
brown said 4 officers initially responded to 19 hollenbeck for reports of drug sales, gambling.
omg i went to the beach like two weeks ago and still have this awkward titty tan haha, i'll show you when i get there
dude my tan lines are so gnarly, i think there's a few nude beaches in sf i may have to go to even it out lol
aaron, you don't need to tell a white supremacist's story in your magazine. no matter the attention it gets.
that's a choice that is made - to tell that story or not.
'we're going to protect our kids': sign at texas school warns teachers may be armed ...
love it!!!!
as some one who loved the idea of the zoo , i have really started to rethink it as i get older.this is whole other level of sad
,as a young boy i was fascinated with whicha but i am still a christian
c2 otw cant feel my faxe ft. da$h (prod. by hnic) by robb banks on
i downloaded that damn mixtapez app for nothing lol
why does everyone wanna be a redneck so bad? this is a weird time to be alive.
this is so funny
yup, i have an elaborate studio in my basement that doubles as a and tons of world destinations..
so when you met that was all virtual?
my dentist told her asst that i have "real new york teeth" what does it mean
straight facts b
she presses hard because hillary's in trouble. understandable.
yes bt again its they way she presents herself. jst dnt lke her
but this new major seems much more like what i wanted to do
same here. i'm in public policy and this would've been perfect before my mpp program.
why hire consultants when you have professionals in town like myself. we have great talent here!
you, , and a large chapter of . city hall needs to start listening to you guys.
humans was just ok, seconded. a view from the bridge was flat-out bad.
love the humans more, but a view from the bridge was one of my favorite plays last year.
lmfao that's actually happened to me before! imy
well duh great minds think alike aka act alike haha and i miss you too baby!
hitesh is happy not because of the salad, but because he is a metadata lover
there's some data about this recently discovered salad data that we'd like you to look into.
bernie would have been a better choice than hillary, but then of course hillary supporters would be neverbernies
yeah but i cant cry now, unless hubris hillary drops out (she wont), youll get to "enjoy" a trump presidency
there's still a big if there.
you know how i think..optimistic ...if's don't matter
look at huh! condragulations again mama ! letting all of times square know you made herstory!
love the emmyenema condrags gift too lol (cancelling my gift order, or should i?)
i don't? i need you around
be on i hid the truth there
celebrities say vote for &amp; will show you his dick. why not ?
shouldn't weiner be offering this vote bribe ???
brown said 4 officers initially responded to 19 hollenbeck for reports of drug sales, gambling.
will be showing blue light camera footage that shows entire incident, not just 4-minute facebook video.
he's at the heart of the most turbulent political movement of our times; not sure why we can't interrogate that.
perhaps you could interrogate that if the writing was any good.
only reason to believe turner's innocence is his denial. which contradicts all other accounts &amp; ev
i don't know if there is 'innocence' per se, on either party's part.
proud to be a published med journal author abt strategies to advance consumers/clinicians preconception care in us....
very cool accomplishment.
where are you guys moving to?!
jersey city or hoboken.
i think i've got one - post-1970 bernstein (mass, 1600 pa ave, a quiet place) is better than pre-1970.
this is such a mark opinion.
what's the overlap with people whining about ads on a free download?
the same overlap of people who complain when you promote your patreon
have you imported routes/overview statically anywhere else in this file/elsewhere? that can defeat the code split
negative, haven't
in case you were wondering, hanley's 8 hrs in 11 g was biggest power surge of his career. he hit 6 hr in 7 g (6/4-6/10/08) for marlins
what was his power surge last year like, in...april i think?
i don't? i need you around
only comedians and hashtaggers in feed
i don't know if there is 'innocence' per se, on either party's part.
maybe he did "drag her out of the frat &amp; pull her behind the dumpster", ya think so?
thanks so much mike. i wish i could've written more, but it's just one piece of our big african american museum preview.
one of my favorite columns i wrote at was this one on rafer in 2010:
is you ready?????
my feels ain't ready fam. just take my money
i have no hot take, other than reading these replies gave me hot flashes and also hives.
same! it's fun, right?
my blonde hair was fire, you even liked it. that tweet will always be trash tho
square up when you see me. on sight.
whaaaaat but thought u have classes rn
starts tmrw
do you attend coalition meetings? 2nd wednesday of the month from 10am - 12pm - city hall
i've heard pro-legalization advocates get dismissed and dissed by csec folks routinely.
after seeing this i sit in my car crying after work for ten minutes. being black in america is bad
hey love! don't feel that way, gave us the power- say it...
remember when burning businesses down and stealing all their inventory were crimes and not a political movement..?
this is their mo. don't understand how this helps their cause. perhaps can explain??
and my battery dies really fast.
the thing is, i knew it would make my phone slow. all the other previous updates have done the same thing &amp; i still did it
"ramblin round this dirty ol' town, singin' for a nickel n dime.." (first song learned on guitar 30 yrs ago !)
alright,julie!here is the first song i learned to play very well on guitar.i had a very good teacher.
it was halfway funny maybe once. try releasing it again today. or 75 years ago. i'm not a baby humor guy.
i revisit it frequently. funny as hell.
this guy should write for the economist.
hmm he appears to be an um interesting character
i physically cannot watch anything pertaining to animal abuse. not much makes me cry, but i instantly start crying when i see that shit.
i did my senior thesis on the flaws in sea world's pr campaign after blackfish came out for crying out loud!
i'm not sure.... im definitely anti-dean, but beyond that... i like both jess and logan!
dean is def the worst! but logan is partially at fault for the great lorelai/rory split if 2005, so i have to go team jess!
local tv news wasn't rife with conspiracy theories. it was never nearly as bad as facebook.
but let's be real. there wasn't any actual news either.
magnificent! anouk, when are you back??
toronto during invited by (giving a talk at fitc)
lmaoooo you have the smallest head im crying pea head
lmfaoooo deadass like nigga really reaching for that. you might as well just ask for my number
do you prefer alw to sondheim? bernadette's mama rose over patti's? respond to this with your hottest, most controversial theater take.
carolee carmello should have been cast as mother over marin.
you know, i like spaghetti; it's all tangled together and fun to play with ;)
-the problem for me is that i thrive on solid logic, only fuzzy logic can sort out trump.
idk why but the thought of spanking me ran through my head just now
i want more than just a spanking from him! :)
thanks for following, have a nice day, happy to connect
you are most welcome dear friend.
44min for 1.1 miles?!? i'd walk lol
yes...i would never. just showing how crazy the traffic is.
i don't know if there is 'innocence' per se, on either party's part.
was the female under the age of 21 when she was binge-drinking at the frat?
its a long season my friend. well see whats good. hopefully we see another pats giants superbowl. you know how those go
we'll see if your boy eli throws more tds than picks this year and lasts the season lmfao but you right
great start by the queen eh
6 breakaways for na in the first period...and a penalty shot
done with players throwing their dummies when the manager isn't happy with them, leaking shit. no! if you're not happy, leave. simples.
don't blame them, rivals city and liverpool get to work with football geniuses and they have to deal with the useless one mou
i love and if she was into black men, i would marry her.
only daytime show i watch, always have it on while writing. funny, clever lady.
thank you , lady!
unexpected joy shooting with you in la last weekend too. you're killing it!
yes brother baker you are certainly in our prayers, jehovah will not leave you, sending christian love to u all
sister michelle im praying for you to get well soon as well as many other friends, we need jehovah's kingdom
hearing $mack may or may not have news ah or pm tomorrow.
well, that may or may not be good news.
i am a fancy cake
i see what jr is squinting to look at
that was a terrible api even in obj-c, but my guess is they just didn't get to it yet.
i seem to recall it being changed in the beta then changed back. :(
i'm in level 2 at the pit! i missed sign ups for the ucb one i can actually take after work.
level 2 sketch or improv? i haven't looked at the pit but i've heard good things.
anyone has experience with products like soylent? how was it?
been drinking soylent for breakfast every day for over a year
i dislike the phrase "positive impact." what does that even mean? how do you have a positive collision? did it raise a welt?
our modern business culture is constantly in pursuit of more gentle ways to say things that shouldn't need to be made more gentle.
the tutu project $100,000 to
tx for the rt we all appreciate it! now, how do we get you in a tutu for ? :-)
beyond kaepernick: mizzou players threatened to boycott a year ago. who's next?
how about a fan walkout in solidarity with kaepernick?
why thank you!
you're an inspiration in dark times
no, please tell me!!!...it'll may take u awhile to read his writings &amp; speeches (not clips) &amp;study his life. i'll wait
again you don't know who you are talking to. i majored in history. i think you have only read white washed cliff notes
trump will propose nationwide stop-and-frisk to address violence in black community 2nite on hannity:
papieren bitte! (or papers (without the "please"), if you are a trumpist... :)
that was a terrible api even in obj-c, but my guess is they just didn't get to it yet.
also, that's one of the most common functions. don't tell me they didn't get around to it. :p
probably not. but they are super tasty. :)
my avocado experience is always soft, slightly cool mouth feel.. nothing else. boggles my mind how much it tastes like nothing
that cover drew me in like a magnet in my elementary school library.
same. plus the 6 or so illustrations inside the book kept me entranced for hours.
2day i've had 3-4 facebook posts aimed becuz im fem/egal. accusing me of watering down the gospel, etc. we are in this 2gether!
yes we are! no backing down.
not being swept away is always a plus.
indeed. it happened to me once, dragged into the ocean. a little scary. but one must take risks for art, no?
what consultants are you referring to?
the new zealand model of regulation is preferred by many us sex workers in favor of legalization.
if you don't five dollars that mean you got no turn up and shouldn't be going in the first place
ayo ion got ya mans number no more but tell him if he come there and try to ruin the party its ending bad for him
no but you can be sadness
but i'm too happy to be sadness
she found it &amp; he censored her name bxndnsns i'm shook . no one is safe
how do we know she saw it
carolee carmello should have been cast as mother over marin.
unfortunately we can never go back to before.
spelled it just like the twitter handle bro...she ain't trippin
right. still wrong but
do not embarrass the brand.
no promises.
spent most of my day trying to disable icloud keychain on my mac. ama.
can we be blood brothers?
i know what my dream is but i'm terrified to pursue it
start today.
. it's those who didn't work that should be ashamed to take.
i know, just making my case for those same ppl.
i dislike the phrase "positive impact." what does that even mean? how do you have a positive collision? did it raise a welt?
my favorite is literally "a gentle reminder". just... say "reminder".
agree. i could see it get to a point where he is attached to the child and then we find out griffin is the father.
yesss griffin is the father that's perfect..
not work but classes deadass
it sucks especially on a beautiful day like this but you gotta do what you gotta do
ayo ion got ya mans number no more but tell him if he come there and try to ruin the party its ending bad for him
the nigga in ya avi
wait wait what. phillip and the nanny got a "fix upgrade" but santiago ortega is fine?
you need to whine on the forums, not twitter sadly lol
democrat controlled cities ie.. milwaukee, chicago, ny, detroit and so on have definately been disenfranchised.
i disagree- causation does not equal causation... theres waayy more factors than a city run by democrats
sounds like you're not gonna have your head in the game
i recruited some interns. paid full in beer and hamburgers.
where did it go?
it ran away :(
continuing to hope megas aren't in sun/moon or at the very least not accessibly until post-game.
yes please... i liked the designs but kinda hated the mega thing overall hahahha (not too fond of the z-moves either but i'm old)
watch how you talk to daddy
not on twitter you done blew my cover .
the two cities more alike now than in the '80s, when new york was still wild. toronto was clean and polite. now they both are
~ wait? both are the same now? i dunno.
osa................................... you will be the death of me
i feel this on a very personal level, especially today
yeah, i have one, but i know how much you like ripping them
yeah, but you could do all the ones you can and it'll be well on the way. i have a large backlog of these, and some need help.
tesla! you know, he's still alive. we keep him employed hosing out the breeding pens for the interns.
you risk much keeping that 160 yr. old man alive,what if he escapes? would mean free energy for all &amp; end of globism
i hate that this is even a take but "the fortress of solitude" was one of the top two musicals i've ever seen.
i love this show so, so much. i can't believe it never got the love it deserved. i can't believe it never transferred.
follow more people? that's the most obvious way. although ritual sacrifice might do it...
i was thinking latter rather than former. creative
100 today who wants it
name ur price 2day
just so good. where can i get this scene to post on facebook?
i actually had to use game capture software to pull it straight from my xbox.
lemme see you do that yoga - janelle monae
you see me bwoi!
hopefully we will all get to enjoy a trump presidency. there are so many challenges ahead of us
we'll see man... we'll see. its been a pleasure talking to yall
actually be there when i die to bring me back to die again lmao
filming it of course lmaooo
i'm so proud of you!!! i been rooting for your slay, congrats queen
thank you lovely
has who illegally brought a gun &amp; ammo to congress commenting on &amp;
the clusterfuck on is getting even worse hopefully video of this segment will be available
hey seattle! playing a living room gig w/ my good pal chris brokaw this sat night. 312 51st ave. music starts at 7. come by!
greg, you should go to this.
trump will propose nationwide stop-and-frisk to address violence in black community 2nite on hannity:
nailing down the black vote
is global games lost because of the split?
probably. still would be worth it.
tomorrow night. first round's not on me
what about second?
these are amazing!
wow those sound delicious. i will make them and report back!
five goals, a handful of breakaways, a penalty shot and plenty of physical play at world cup today. now that's hockey!
i should be watching this!!! this is hockey!!!! not the crap usa put out there twice this week
i've had this cramp in my butt all day wtf
need new shots
original timeless classic low as $24.99
friend i think you've been hacked.
perhaps you could interrogate that if the writing was any good.
a refusal to report on him wouldn't help us to better understand the how&amp;why of milo, true, but...
honored to share ideas with , &amp; on how to move to b2b2c ...
always nice to share the stage w/ passionate marketers!
just not for me. and i absolutely hate pulp fiction by you know who!
sounds like you and i are into different flicks, lol.
no, please tell me!!!...it'll may take u awhile to read his writings &amp; speeches (not clips) &amp;study his life. i'll wait
and just fyi doesn't spread hate. he spreads the truth. not whitewashed, revisionist history. try it. don't try me
unexpected joy shooting with you in la last weekend too. you're killing it!
ooooo! who did you shoot?
can you explain why not?
not 100% sure but seems it could be construed as confidential business information.
is global games lost because of the split?
in reality more than likely what would happen would the us may still get an invite and/or the iqa would crumble.
thanks danny i'm in charge of the social media for cali club so this was my idea
if anyone's going to teach everyone out there how we do it here i'm glad it's a hyphy queen. i know you'll make us proud
i just came up on $80. today is a good day
ayye tho
when i go out i be standing on couches like..... me in la
lmfaoo yo why was la so wild
is global games lost because of the split?
which..with how bad the iqa is isn't a bad thing so it can be rebuilt.
if its a war you want its a war you'll get. you'll be hearing from me again.
fuuuck i'm dead
im good, you?
u know it brother all good hi all
well, sure. but the objective was to translate apis automatically to swift, and that's an outlier that requires manual tweaking.
yeah that's true.
yeah he is doing well. confused by why we aren't going to the sitter and is bored being around the house
yeah, he's probably confused. at least he's well !! i'm waiting for my touchup !!
would i like this one? i'm wavering on it
it's pretty dark. i'm intrigued b/c the premise is so different. but you don't really like fantasy so it's hard to say...
so i guess it's gonna rain everywhere in cali besides chico
it's not raining in sf either
i love seltzer omg
same, but only from the can. none of this seltzer on tap bullshit
a brilliant presentation of the real problem - believers who are willing to strain out a gnat and swallow a camel.
explained: worried that trump called a bimbo a bimbo (gnat); allowing hillary to take the white house (camel)
a dare? over a thousand and you......
hmm does this approach work when you have no shame?
this is the hottest take
i was like, how long until laura finds this and replies oh look she did.
people like you are a disgrace to the christian faith.
you do know that satan is the accuser, not god? you sound like satan.
he's at the heart of the most turbulent political movement of our times; not sure why we can't interrogate that.
he's racist and transphobic and you guys gave him a glitzy shoot.
she's weak. just a news reader.
i am curious. why do you say that? i think she handles herself adroitly &amp; professionally.
heading to alamo drafthouse first time. favorite beer on draft?
they have the watermelon gose at
does anyone else put tajin in their cup of noodle?
wtf is this peasant shit
bruh i die laughing at every single convo we have we cant be friends anymore
you so mean to me
i have! but i'm keeping that to myself for now.
ooooh! fun and mysterious! i can't wait to hear all about it once it drops! :-d
how? a compliment to someone isn't a shot at someone else. : lol, did you just take a shot at us?
i was thinking the same thing but thought now andrews gotta build a relationship with dallas peeps. #
plus read this - how the clintons "exploited" the earthquake for their personal gain
you're such a fucking philanthropist, i bet you and donald did a lot for the victims
not that young.
he didn't mean you're "the youngest" just the "youngest dad"
i might quit my job sooner than expected i can't do this anymore
just become a stripper that's what i'm doing
anastasia beverly hills sundipped glow kit review -
omg this is awesome! i'm on sephora's website right now about to buy! thanks for the amazing/helpful review!
then there's all this stuff
if you don't get to it before i can take it in, i'll take it in.
barry, come on. my point is donald jr. with his skittles takes the same false view of life as this guy.
ok, but perhaps you shouldn't get in political dialog under the auspices of an official account
a refusal to report on him wouldn't help us to better understand the how&amp;why of milo, true, but...
jameson this rhetoric is too easy, come on!
dude i already have the story plotted out how it would come out.
i like that..
give me rebanaditas or give me death!!! has been killing it in the mexican candy department
my childhood!!
i just found 100$ on the floor.. what a good day
thats mine i dropped it. give it to kyle to take of my tab goodlooks
guys i feel like we finally need to have a national conversation about fresca
but actually tho i love fresca
look at his eyes
if this bear was born in the wild he should be rekeased
t-t-today junior! takes over the taps at ! 12 super awesome draft lines and a cask
i want to be there
europe's telecom reform: do you use telephone numbers or not? interesting discussion on impact of new regs on voip...
to be rank honest, i think the question around the future of phone numbers to be silly. they're here forever.
this is the hottest take
i won't apologize. i would say it should have only ever been christiane noll but that came later.
ay hold up i'm highly disappointed with how this guac taste at the ev location ima low key take back my tweet
lmao!! fake guac. their sauce is fucking their sauce on a la vic's quesadilla
his last words were from a billy joel song?
two bucks, condom, ...expiration date 1997. and a picture of his grandmoth- ...nope that's uh ...nancy reagan
i've been drawing my mascot pokemon non stop since the day it leaked, but it's time i did it justice with this.....
omg its so beautiful! i love it
dude these are awesome
thanks homie
some of my favorite chris verene shots: pam and dan's trailer, 2002 farm cats, 2001 candi's house, 2006
leslie and greg, 1994 nico and mercedes, 2006 travis's house, 2006
making history! for 1st time, presidents &amp; pms discuss progress on for people at special event hq
wish you as my fellow champion could be with me at session to talk issues
hey bro! when you'll update badxgen?
will be doing an update soon prob in the next week getting more icons done and some added stuff
*gasp* this is fantastic
appreciate it hun
good, nathan. i trust that i will have it on my desk by 5 pm today. ok?
ha! i just filed it with likely he'll post it later today, or thursday or friday.
santa fe .. idk cousin been going their all my life they ain't shit no more feel bad after eating them too
hell yeah, i'll eat em like once a month or every other month hahahah
why is it that the instant i buy new chap stick, the old one magically reappears?
it's a case of out of sight, out of mind. as soon as someone else is in the picture, they show up.
but cant even give # of andas on epi products, w/o naming names?
not sure. but there's an awful lot of opacity going around and it's not helpful.
a profile doesn't have to take a side. a profile is just supposed to capture how someone lives
a profile has political implications whether you like it or not.
wes from htgawm is such a cutie patootie pie
season 3 tomorrow.
akb and i saw the final performance at the public and sobbed. a flipping *light cue* made me cry at one point.
act ii destroyed me. is brilliant.
when the person god has for us isn't who we want (part 3) with on...
it was a great show i loved but even if we make the wrong decision or choose the wrong person he still will bless it!
so, probably dumb hrv question here. why would a "abnormally high" hrv reading be interpreted as a sign to reduce workload?
it's actually a very good question with no clear answer :) sometimes a spike might mean you are "too parasympathetic"
hi guys! i missed this till now. looks like a great pile! my book is naked, but nbd.
if i'm having anxiety about presenting in a room full of people i usually picture your book naked.
it sounds like a lack of commitment, almost. there's no meaning in it for them except the buck smh
seriously - very uninspiring
wilmer tried swinging today but the wrist flared up. he's unsure about what they can do. said it did not feel good.
oy. somebody owes this guy. at least now he'll always go feet first.
when u die face palming in front of a boss tho
i once died to a boss because the motion on my controller inputed a gestured and i couldn't roll out of it.
yes, downloaded the epub version. still excited to read this during my trip next week! &lt;3
always do the pdf, the epubs are awful.
i would have to take him out of school. i'll go to bk if i have to one weekend if ur free, won't take up too much your time
no problem in the weekend we run a mentoring program in brownsville at mott hall bridges academy bring him 10-2 on saturdays
when the person god has for us isn't who we want (part 3) with on...
he's just that awesome
sudden realization that are back this week. bookish friends...be prepared for comics interruption...
this gif is awesome. it's a perfect representation of batman, the old sourpuss.
q5 how will you remember and honor the life of ?
a5 this is such an epic election. we'll be asking californians to vote + !!
what's your vertical monitor? like it? (might be in the market for one)
it's it's absolutely awesome. i love having an additional vert.
i liked a video from struggle actress aunt viv demands that i take down my video or else
she deserve all the likes and tweets in the world for being genuion.infinite unicorn power
inbox: "if you have the courage to reply, i will write back and let you know why you are a smuck and obviously are stupid as well."
"because with a name like smuckers, it has to be good."
i'm surprised to hear it was changed to something better and then changed back though - that doesn't make much sense to me.
i could be mistaken. i know at least a handful of things went from "that makes sense" to "this again?"
there sure are some delicious offerings on tonight's i loved the sound of the choc/pear pastries
spoilers!! it's like forever before they are stateside :(
useful but missing line is us debt which has grown 5 fold
facilitated by uncle sam's friendly neighborhood central banker.
rt if you remember the section in our weekly mags!
i met one of my oldest friends there, we still talk 31 years later.
mass flagging by users? this seems like a huge mistake. "contact youtube staff directly" should not be something w...
i agree this is going to be a huge disaster!
intrusive tone of some chatbots &amp; ai tools brings out human snark &amp; sarcasm spiraling shadow play = not our best work cc:
i thought was the tone we used with fake chirpy human service reps reciting from ring binders, too!
their opinions shouldn't matter smh
they don't .. no ones opinion matters to me
it was at henleys!!! her old house
goooooood times
i trained as a pilot and it seems much easier to develop a pilot less plane than a driverless car. or is it not?
i have been assuming so. also to scale up drone-style vehicle to human carrying capacity. waiting and wanting.
i want one! you pre-ordered yours yet?
i probably won't get one.
i would not. rt : i would totally watch some of y'alls sex tapes.
some of the mens on my tl got me like...
and by worst i mean it's still great but it's his weakest i guess
you are wrong, but that's fine!
houston copies us in everything it seems, even getting injury prone players
it kills me that would we should have 4 championships lol
had a fantastic time meeting russell bridge donating the track fab with the independence fund
we are in communication with this warrior. thanks for your of in our
buy one with me
ha ha ha *uses stipend for baseball game*
pence calls outrage over trump jr.'s skittles tweet 'remarkable'
this fool makes jill stein look sane.
like how you capsized satan and not god.
may god have mercy on you, brother.
goooooood times
happy birthday tay!!!
my piece of shit roommate has been getting so much stuff mailed here but is too fucking lazy to bring it upstairs
this is me, but at work
so, probably dumb hrv question here. why would a "abnormally high" hrv reading be interpreted as a sign to reduce workload?
i interpret it statistically, meaning that abnormality = not good, both for very low and very high scores
if/then makes me laugh, especially some other me. sorry. just.. i can't.
(this is not a controversial opinion.)
best thing as extension author: you can add any feature you need for client work ;)
just because you can doesn't mean you should!
watch: rep. jason chaffetz lashed out at john koskinen after the irs commissioner said impeachment articles against...
sh'd be jail time.purge the government cronies that are not doing right by the people! obstruction of justice
that young lady said this young man typed a printer error page. and i'm simply inconsolable.
he plagiarized the entire red section. he owes a dot matrix royalties.
i don't grasp fully what you mean. i approve of sports as good for people. politics of them, well, corruption grows.
please reply with a question and it's context
i'll be there.. on time
we might no be able to start until a bit later 13:45
is she not attending?
no she has been pulled into a meeting. :(
i'm playing hide and seek with zoe. while she's walking downstairs i hide in a closet or the shower or behind a door.
she runs upstairs and when she finds me, i jump out and scare her. she loves it and does it again and again.
yeah always good
that is correct young lady
guy was such a close friend to eugene genovese that he remembers him writing time on the cross
damn he posted the same 3 incoherent paragraphs as a 'review' of slavery's capitalism: i don't feel special anymore
like? i mean it's not like the guy won a nobel...
as did william shockley. look it up. giaevar has no clisci chops.
. are you going to the show tonight or you workin?
which?? haha i am working though
if they were going to make a twilight zone movie today, my four directors: chris nolan jj abrams duncan jones rian johnson
my 4 picks for tz movie director: joel coen david lynch dan gilroy john sheehan
happy 82nd birthday to the great leonard cohen. i'm your man.
"hallelujah","one of us cannot be wrong", "in my secret life", "everybody knows"
serious or kidding around?
i would never kid about a trade...
lots of attendees checking twitter at this goldman sachs investor conference. $twtr should be making more money off of wall street!
i didn't realize they were attending. are they speaking or just a booth?
hillary is vitor belfort, a head case front runner who immediately and literally collapses when things do not go her way
there is only place you can find hrc/mma similes. this is why i come here.
oak won't listen to advocates 4 sex work.it's abt 'children' as they say.
there needs to be a well moderated forum that doesn't intentionally exclude any pov on this.
pandas are so stupid and silly. i love them so much. how are they even real???
he's not going to be able to get down, is he? :)
cosette in les mis is goals if i could snatch the crush of a girl who bullied me as a child i would in a goddamn heartbeat
plus eponine is a whiny brat.
nice red dress you wore on cnbc. maybe that's why fed didn't raise. no other reason. they've running out of reasons.
well...dr. seuss does tell us that red means stop. maybe i'll wear green in devember. green means go!
it will, but only when you're least expecting it.
just my luck it'll blend in with the leaves and i'll overlook it.
my first and only love is wings
only if they boneless
i interpret it statistically, meaning that abnormality = not good, both for very low and very high scores
someone is using the app here? :)
i wish i could just take my dads advice and be like okay happy thoughts, positivity,everything is going to be okay
everything will be okay
track dome reference, go straight off the fucks
now we talkin my language
they even need to bring it back
would never do that because all of guys would go work for wcw
fast replies are bomb af
"bomb af"? what r u stick in 05?
i wanna suck frank ocean's voice out of his dick
i'm not sure if i could understand this sentence
interesting take, but still huge minority view in climate science
key is that his views are in no manner "in" climate science.
it was only a matter of time before i got these.
wait, this is a thing that exists?
i woulda gave her 12 kids and moved to an island far away so she could never leave me , niggaz was sleep on her
lmfao! now she has a wealthy man
i have no friends i am a ghost
space ghost, casper, the poltergeist...tsk, tsk.
bulletproof. keanu reeves is back in - hitting theaters february 10, 2017.
can't wait. can you get him back on the podcast?
i'm 5'3 and this happens to me way too frequently
deadasss? oh nahhhhhh but you're sooo short compared to me i thought anything below 5'4 would be safe.
who knew a key 2 gender ldership balance is as easy as getting2know each other 1st
yes! agree!! lol...who knew?
can they do that alone? i don't think it's possible. thanks for good discussion.
sometimes the whole system must be deconstructed. i liken it to abusive relationships, no good comes of staying.
transit is dead and envy on the coast is alive what even is 2016
2016 is the upside down
happy to see featured two of our favorite : (, '11) &amp; (, '16)
also to who complained about me yesterday in the drive thru for being short with them. smd, your in the fucking drive thru at in n out
and no the fuck i don't want to talk to you
"i'm gonna take a break from findom" one hour later
howwwww teach me lmao
congratulations mark zuckerberg &amp; priscilla chan on the $3b gift to fight childhood diseases.
no one should have that much wealth, it creates destruction your trying to repair. hide behind your pr. we see you %
costa rica was the poorest country in southern america in 1869. planting only coffee.
they abolished the army and invested in education for their people.
ig stories, snap or both for the post tonight?
i say both! it's easier to interact on ig but it's fun to watch you walk and talk through the recipes
yeah we can go saturday!!!
where tho my car takes synthetic and i'm not going to jiffy lube they blow up cars
the best part is when you get to snares and you have trouble telling the good from the bad until you find a really good snare
it's true, sifting thru hundreds of snares and eventually finding that gem is super gratifying
i haven't stopped laughing at this.
it's maybe the best thing to come out of this thread.
psa to the girl walking right up my ass right now: don't
i dont know why i'm laughing so hard at this
i would try to get watt in there against a rookie qb who will be scared. also , i don't ever carry 3 qbs ,brees alone is sufficient
any hot f/as i should swap for the bench players
cnn asks whether terror suspect, a u.s. citizen, 'deserves' due process | huffington post
has turned into
want proof that silicon valley is insane? here's the $43 martini made out of fog
sometimes you need a little karl in a cup, i guess.
ok then, i will attend another talk about java9 right now and try to find you around 2, okay?
i'm actually going sightseeing with at 2pm
apparently that he can't legally say
yes i tweeted too fast.
we call on justice dept to end impunity of police officers who violate our most precious human right - the right to life.
can't we wait till the officer has a say in court? are we still not guilty till found guilty in a court room?
what a day! former head of defense intelligence agency/trump supporter + wikileaks deleting anti-semitic tweets
trump adviser, former dia head general flynn-who once tweeted an anti-semite-reacts as don king drops n-word
you wanna fight about it? let's go. but let's do it right, in a dojo.
are yui sure about that? don't be surprised if it ends in a knockout.
once put me to sleep but i'm pretty sure i'm not the only one
correct. i also fell asleep at once. (love the movie! the show is not good.)
i bought these for my mom and i thought it'd keep her busy til the new season and she finished all three in less than 2mos
they're addictive!
i'll be cheering you guys on from college park!
it would be better if you could be here managing snapchat and instagram, tbh. but i'll take it!
you can now save drafts on instagram. amazing
look at my adorable attitude having 10 week old niece ft. said draft feature
can i come over with nothing?
yes. it makes the whole experience better. but just so you know, i'm a bit of a joiner...
oak won't listen to advocates 4 sex work.it's abt 'children' as they say.
oakland can't unilaterally legalize it, but they can curb damaging law enforcement practices.
the only reason i was ever jealous of my brother was bc my mom washed his sheets and cleaned his room and never did mine bc "i'm a gurl"
lol i want my sheets washed too tf
absolutely not.
have you ever been inside a strip club?
crowd-sourcing...if you had to choose one interactive web map/viz that illustrated great design for display of stats what would it be? go!
map of the market was the 1st tree map ui i saw. not sure if it's still around, but was great. so much info in one gui!
and sadly we will worry about you! wake up america needs trump!!
ain't nobody gonna worry about her she'll be leaving when trump wins, hope she's not a liar like hrc!
me thinking about how they didn't play riding the bullet honestly fake band
"this is a song off our split with man overboard!!!!" *plays please head north*
eeeeek i am going to barre at ! is it the last one at bryant park?
yes!!! also just signed up for hella classes at
they abolished the army and invested in education for their people.
they protected their environment and put environmental sustainability in their education system.
i've sat my ass down in the middle of amygdala by accident and cried
like seriously. i really wish there was a setting to turn off the motion sensor gestures. gets me killed so much.
as you read it, let me know how heavy the fantasy is!
i still can't believe you gave up on torch.
we might no be able to start until a bit later 13:45
no worries, my turn to wait now
billy eichner joins hairspray live! via
how about a production of marat/sade?
carousel is unwatchable
uh no. this is too far.
its cause she is haitian. rt : rt : yes her name is dawn richards , but she claims it's ree-shard *crumbles*
i know i was referring to the phone call aubrey made
this is why i dropped the j5
i had to add him. i hate him, but my situation called for it.
good afternoon, i would like to know if your foundation would be looking for volunteers for your fall gala?
unfortunately our gala is fully staffed. please email info.org for other opportunities to get involved!
curley went to tsm after this
good luck against michigan, ellen. i appreciate your civil back and forth.
hi there! we can't make any promises, but we'll be sure to share your request to see difficult people in virtual reality.
thank you so much love you!
so, probably dumb hrv question here. why would a "abnormally high" hrv reading be interpreted as a sign to reduce workload?
last comment: abnormally high requires more distance from the mean = quite rare event
that was the fastest l ive taken all my life lmfaooooo
on a good note. we just saved ourselves $220
plenty of people. recruiting for amazon if you're interested.
whats the schedule for amazon?
. thanks. they just said it on the show, lol.
ha! i missed a few minutes of it.
when technology gets it wrong...
they think a brief break and some nice scenery might be enjoyable.
mosca - done me wrong
lone - backtail was heavy
rt this if u just took the mean l
bruh and do you see the time
the student graduation speaker at my high school was a refugee from sudan. trying to remember when he hurt my quality of life.
did you finish second?
he's a danger to all of us, not just people of color but i do get your point
didn't mean just poc, just speaking to this one issue alone.
currently waiting on the side of the road in selden waiting for a tow truck hbu
oh &amp; my air isn't working
it hate when i miss classic moments wit my kids.
facts my daughters became 18 and 20 this month and act like they too fancy for old dad smh ,
right? i was reading nightwing recently &amp; he's just so bleh. don't be bringing my dick down!
i hope that little bruce on gotham doesn't stay so serious, but he probably will. someone needs to take that kid to a party.
bernadette was miscast as annie oakley and should not have won the tony and yes i know i am biased because of carolee but shh
is that controversial? it shouldn't be.
traveling on with trump from toledo to dayton: bobby knight don king omarosa.
the heavy's?
he wrote the perfect joke and hit tweet and then *poof*
no wonder you're still alive
(shakes head in amazement and buys you a cold drink)
any idea how you were so lucky as to get tagged, ?
absolutepunk actually likes a tbs album too. amazing
what the.....
this is big. let's end .
u think koch cabal and trump will match this objective....nope they wanna get more $ treatment and scam than cure
rt this if u just took the mean l
0-every single release
oh no :(( so is the day ending earlier?
yes, we're going to finish 30 minutes earlier. so i'll meet you after the closing remarks just before 5p.
call in now at 1-800-242-0100 be on the show now!
never heard of this. what is this??
unscientific poll. how many of you are buying a 7 plus on the basis of the camera as the driver?
i prefer the larger size but not its larger price. the iphone 7 plus camera clinched the deal for me.
she has been a heel twice and face who know how many times, she has to figure it out, she is to talented a wrestler...
naomi is "too nice," as seen on . perhaps she can be the black bayley? i am a fan and want to see her do well.
new fanart on roger, jemmy and brianna.
that's lovely is rocking that pioneer/colonist look
will be showing blue light camera footage that shows entire incident, not just 4-minute facebook video.
correction: i thought video would be shown. doesn't appear that it will be.
ever think it made,them do something instead,of nothing?
are you out of your mind? they were required to report to state authorities. curley broke the law.
welcome the dancing bull to the everchanging korean food scene:
omg yes. they're
i think that's what i did when i was in new york but ended up not seeing you. are u gonna be at web summit lisbon?
not this time.
but actually jk because penises are gross
i've never even seen one what are they like
what about the swedish?
the swedes will forever be great, and beautiful at the same time
i love ppl who love milk, lk damn this lactose intolerant world
that's me i love milk
mood:ughhhhhhh whhyy does school exist
i'm in core ughhhh
so forensic 'experts' aren't required to demonstrate proficiency w double blinded tests of samples??
they just need to sound persuasive to judges who aren't scientists.
i totally love the score, it's my kind of music, but noooooope
i know! i remember thinking, great score, solid performers, why am i falling asleep?
ugh theres literally nothing good to watch on netflix that i havent already watched
power, white collar , new girl
will be interesting to find out, for sure. will note, nba is starting in countries without them outside of aus, at least.
they should have them here too cut out some of these fly by night operations
"read up on your history. it matters. we've got to get people to vote." -:
hillary clinton have .my vote yes
i understand. . but its what london is like. if only we had a different society. . ..
we should not tolerate such conditions.
asked dal colle if he's ever seen hands as good as ho-sang's. " is pretty close"
hes gunna put on a good show tonight at
deray and the gang was never a group i was drawn to. gotta be careful with the movements. however, i won't discredit them.
me and my homies say this often,
apple and mclaren reportedly in acquisition talks
no chance. maybe apple buying saturn could happen.
we're getting reports of an explosion-like noise in queens near jfk. we're trying to track down the source. anyone hear/feel it?
felt it while on duty at belmont park
people can't drive
ppl can't drive anywhere in the united states man smh
i miss them. i'm gonna jump off a moving train
me fuckin too
just wrapped up filming next weeks episode!! top 3 top secret digital millionaires, saucy shootout &amp; a all new suprise buzzword!!!!! :-)
super excited
that said, frustrating to learn that some povs are not being welcomed or heard. gotta do bettr
there's a bitter divide there. it needs to be addressed. points need debating. or ebx should host.
curious if her $18m salary is really the "middle" (average) of pharma ceos. someone should do the math!
here is story on the matter from earlier this month
when you really need to get a point across, say it 4 times in all caps
you know what i meant
hahaha this would be you
lol whaaaat prolly that's cute
how many consoles were sold during one week in japan recently? xbox one: 156 ps4: 96,433 that's not a typo.
microsoft = rich indeed to keep putting money into that country
have or half, either or
he's thinking "do i have a mind, or only half a mind?"
a poke bowl for the gods.
queen of the right number of ice cubes in your bloody mary come thruuuuu mama
heading towards soylent green??? creepy!
o, were way past soylent green, baby.
bill would bar cities and counties from contracting immigration lockups
anything that can be done to keep illegals from america is a plus, including dismantling sanctuary city status
been there at the dojo, already did that
yeah well i ... uh... mootools... uhhhhhh.... *closes wikipedia tab for javascript frameworks in frustration*
does anything ever come from these hearing or are they dog and pony shows?
nothing ever comes of it. ever.
and luis you can shut up because werent you trying to have a threesome with me and cait (i mean thts what ur boy hd told me)
why don't you ask caits dad since you don't believe me?
there is, but i don't live there so technically it's not for me ... but im about to go do it there now
i was bouta say u still go there so fck it lol
a little montage of the bike life. let me know what you guys think.
yikes, twitter posted such a low resolution video, and only let me upload 2:20 min max
the pen i want is $30 and the planner i want is $60. great.
$90 to keep track of things?
chris christie calls hillary clinton a "disgrace" after her comments on police shootings
who cares? did you also report that he lied about bridgegate &amp; destroyed related emails?
i miss them. i'm gonna jump off a moving train
gonna wait for the outbound train to crash into the ocean
we're finally getting around to drinking the very kindly left us! thanks patricia
and during this festival prep time you need those caffeine/flavonoids.
this is concerning to us and we'll hate to see you leave. please let us know why you feel this way. rb
i was assured i'd be paying less, my bill doesn't reflect such. also, sprint has failed to return device to as promised
what leaves, josh? no fall in sf.
there are like 20 of them, blowing all around the neighborhood. it's chaos.
man, she is really desperate for elevated black turnout
pandering only for their vote. then she drops the blacks like flies. hellary only looks out for hellary
from a while back.
wow! where is that?
"when you can't help but flake" by
gorgeous light in this picture
productive day of paving on sussex street. no one even showed up. good thing no one was allowed to park...
i have escalated...to be honest email is much easier than twitter for this...
mizanin and cena were advertised w/ ambrose and ziggler. i say 2.9, would be shocked if they hit 3.0
power of cena if they hit 3
are there any good but short quotes about coffee this aren't "but first coffee"
my sister has a sign that says "you can do it" - coffee lol
he's trying to buy tna, lol
i'm ranting about people disrespecting if you don't mind
does anything ever come from these hearing or are they dog and pony shows?
besides frenetic twitter activity of course :-)
- it exists and i am eating it right now.
what's next? a giant reese's piece with this inside?
bought a bunch of shirts with weird patterns. might go for a new, terrible look.
crop top and mc hammer pants
i'll take your advice, you've been doing this longer than i have
it's just advice, but you're speaking for a community under ; clearly you can say what you want. $0.02
i'm working my way through the back log of all your episodes.was wondering if i could get some advice
email us at listenmoneymatters.com
check out the fine illustrations of
ace work on the . it's as if adam west was still alive and with us today! (he's not dead but i wanted a good compliment)
well, that's what they want you to think. wait. we're they. we don't want you to think that! oh no! loop initiated!
switches the goblets when big they is confused....
dear donald glover, i would love to be apart of atlantafx. sincerely, lil boat
you'll ruin the show fuck off
indeed. i am uber aware of what the ocean can do, but she has a way of surprising even the most experienced
indeed. i'm very respectful of the erratic sea.
pretty sure i just saw kid cudi driving a truck
not like an f150 type, but a trash truck
don't even get me started...imo if all the pieces were still in sj we would have been very early to the "first to five" party.
definitely! if only..
i haven't done this, but it's be interesting to see current players' 5-set records. who loses more? who wins more?
we know rf has the worst record.
the swedes will forever be great, and beautiful at the same time
but that canucks front line tho
here's smaaart on what's coming + what activists on the left and right want to see in the debate.
thanks for the adjective bro
happy birthday bby
ily baby!!!
don't miss on tonight 11:35 est on nbc
i want to help get you on the walking dead
just heard a dude laugh that sounded exactly like the laugh in the opening of "wipe out" and now i feel bad for all that dude's friends.
his friends are the luckiest people in the world
cam newton's chicken george transformation is complete. now we just wait for him to realize he's massa's son.
omg! what is happening?! cause this is funny af lol
pre sale begins tomorrow
thank you my love
he look cute don't be hating
he look like my foot and you be tongue kissing that
when you paid a lot for that microsoft office suite &amp; you're trying out weird fonts just to get your money's worth
reading this gave me a seizure
nice! i just popped in smtiv:a last night! pretty sweet so far.
i've gotta finish up 4 first. i was almost done but never finished.
not be mean either cut. hope people don't get offended. i know all the world problems. i can't fix them but home life i can
an that's all we can do cutt, we got control over that, we got no say in the world shit...god got that
that's my cue to villain-laugh and rub my hands together.
ma'am. there is no need for this level of cruelty! ;)
give a man a skittle and you feed him for a minute, give a man a bowl of skittles and some of them will kill him and his family.
we must remain vigilant at all times against...skittles. liberty!
haha we're designing new cases work and wanna do a coffee one
i gotta buy one soon they're so cute
lmao this is you but i ain't letting our streak die
i send u other shit too
of course it's ok! but really i would like for you to edit me again someday soon :)
amen to that!!
crazy energy in downtown philly today. lots of police. new york and charlotte sending out waves of unease. after shocks. 2016.
be safe! it's crazy though. nyc is fairly unchanged once you get away from 23rd st.
innocent. do some research
innocent isn't the same as found not guilty. by that logic oj is innocent too.
do austin gas stations sell beer
one would think so.
who needs a follow??? i got you homie
hi oni chan! pleasure me with your diss tracks :))
their brains stopped functioning around 1956.
are you sure? 1956 is giving them too much credit. 1856? sign me up!
thank you! it's working on my phone so i'm sure it will work on my computer later
great to hear!
it was inevitable cam newton, colin kaepernick would speak about that picture. here's what they said
if i told you how many yankees, giants and 49ers games i have been to since late 1950's where we did not stand faint?
got my eyebrows done by someone new today which i knew i shouldn't have, i fucking hate them
that shit always happens! whered you get them done?
i'm not ready for those ages. mine are 10 &amp; 3
god bless u bro u still in the early stages, i'm in the beat the boyfriend up stage
learned new tricks today - cherry-pick &amp; intellij merge. no more vi. :d thnx
you're welcome!
just when you thought there couldn't possibly be more drama...there is.
that lying bastard!
i still can't log into on my main. i did everything it says. any ideas ...
i need those packs and daily reward! please fam!
very important!!!
well written
thanks . humbled and grateful for your support!
humbled? i'm humbled that i don't get random notes from girls at korean restaurants.
btw, if you want the daily update early, sign up for my email list at
i would sign up but u hate trump. for me never hillary is voting for trump.
you are messy because he asked both of us
&amp; i said yeah i'll go home. then your bitch ass just had to scam your way into going home instead
my country rap songs i call " crap" finally have paid off. royalty check, i'm spending it recklessly , whooooohoooo...
bmi check. it's a very cool milestone/achievement bigger than $$$.
what in the actual hell man
what am i looking at excactly
omg when can you come over???
but seriously let me know when you guys want to do this. i can fit one more geek/nerd in as well!
we have the most annoying door bell ever,hearing it makes me mad
lmaooo is it the bird one
haha its hella funny tho
what is that from lmao
portland! seattle! chicago! minneapolis! detroit! dallas! houston! austin! we're coming for you, and tickets go on...
you do realize that you set yourself up to receive a million emails saying why you no come to (insert name of city here)!!??
hmmm want to talk about followers?ok good.first i don't give a flying rat ass about number of followers
neither do i...you brought up me not being "defended" lol my point was you have 2x as many as me &amp; only i liked your tweets
lol, how could it not be tweet worthy ?
i dunno. just that most of my non-cosplay material doesn't get much activity
what are the advantages and disadvantages of speaking through soliloquies?
it provides insight on the character's inner thoughts but a disadv. would be how the other characters won't know the situation
in the context of a comic, it doesn't mean the opposite either though... (hence the confusion and the long tweet string)
i feel like a comic can just be how you feel at the time. it took me 10 minutes to make
my current stance is focused on question of how immediately transferable scientific advances are to unethical applications.
needs more real training data? lowethics
well u start at home instilling the respect amongst your family and kids n people u invite to your house
yep you know how we run our houses!
i liked a video from space raid - zaxxon - homebrew release (atari 2600)
glad you liked the video. the game is a real treat to play.
holy shit that is an amazing fossil
that guy's feed today is great.
what cereal should i eat? vote and rt
tip on forster flakes the less milk the better
right now on wfsb: dr. oz on the impact of the brad pitt angelina jolie divorce, followed by your evening news on...
totally shattered. life as we know it is over. at this point what difference does it make?
how long are you home for?
2 whole weeks!
opening event 9/21/16 @ 7:30pm est ps4 | 2v2 1nd | s&amp;d $10 prize -----join ...
need one for the 2v2
shark fin cove. up 1.
not shark tooth beach?
like it. but its jinxed man.
nah, dixon didn't have the 1, still jinxed.
this is worth reading as we get ready for college application week 2106.
we're glad to hear it. thanks randy.
yeah but i was responding that same spoiler so....
i do love that line, too bad we don't get it till doa, writers please leave that in!
just got tested.. getting my dresses hemmed.. mani, pedi.. then off to set
post pics please
versatility as in the style of the shoots, they all look so different, ones colorful and the other is edgy, etc.
i know she's awesome i'm just being shady
if they hit 2.9 i say mizanin's influence. they hit 3 it's cena.
they hit neither lols
right? i was reading nightwing recently &amp; he's just so bleh. don't be bringing my dick down!
dick grayson's butt always cheers me up. (also - who is this guy??)
no charges filed in shooting death of , baltimore county prosecutor announces.
...prosecutor delivered xxx decision.rated.salacious provocative.obscene.we want to see more of that prosecutor don't we..
i agree but don't think it's the sole basis of oppression. subtlety appears to be where my opinions differ with some.
you can be oppressed and be a man, but you can't be oppressed for being female and be a man.
50% of my secondary sources for this story are people of color. the reader can decide if i'm fawning or merely reporting.
on what planet is this paragraph - all your words - not fawning?
also follows literally every single attractive man i follow on insty including like str8 guys i was in college with 10 yrs ago
ugh what a nerd
i found the original london cast of once profoundly better than the obc.
currently talking about how boring once is with .
"how could a goddess ask someone who's only average for advice?"
kanye was gassing kim from the jump.
those shoes look so fuckin good
ugh i love you
if you've seen my gifs lately, you know this is right up my alley.
90s tv was weird
nah we need to do it all over again.... and when i see my ex bae again you will not stop me from acting a fool lmfao
lmfaooo wow we actually saw him both trips
yes dude i literally pressed it right when it said , wby?
same lmao i legit thought i had a chance. shit is rigged
who is ready
and they couldn't have done it with out sdot . . .
ap: police say an 11-year-old tennessee boy is safe after driving his family's truck to the next county....
andy williams!
james in a ppr would you do gurley and dt for cj anderson?
matthew in a ppr &amp; 6 pt td would you do gurley and d thomas for cj anderson?
so has formalized this idea of "cores", and one of them is open source. good to see it made explicit. cc
wow, that's awesome to see!
wow great news, i heard the vendor file increased in size. how big was the increase for you?
the growth in vendor was like 15k or something. and is working to mitigate/remove it
really wish i had someone to help me shop
i'd gladly go with you but there is a land in the way :(
chicago pd to hire 970 officers as part of plan to stem violence, superintendent announces.
who's gonna stop the cops' violence?
flights booked for aka my first comic-con! anyone else going?
i'll be there!
you were tortured in high school by a weiner??
he literally broke my arm in half. pretty much every day for 3-4 years.
bingo. but what you do what you can have a voice.
i know at the end of the day all i can do is pray that this ends...
will chan/zuckerberg science succeed in "ending all diseases?"
just posted this same poll to will report back with stats from u.s. millennials in 24 hours.
aaip was the worst thing i've seen in my billion years of seeing shows
i liked it, but i don't feel passionate about defending it.
yankees losing sight of big picture by benching tyler austin
would like to see austin play more often. that's girardi though.
my roommate told me that she was planning on hating me because i said i'm from "socal" instead of "southern california"
it's okay i hate people from socal too
yeah, we got the short end of the stick. in some universe the quakes won 5 by 2012...quakes just gotta focus on the here and now
it'll make the 3rd championship that much sweeter
i bet there's a well-funded startup in "leaf generation for rich east coast transpants" busienss
that's it: uber for fall! hey ...
why she cheating on for fuck that bitch
it shows how weak a nigga really is.
the growth in vendor was like 15k or something. and is working to mitigate/remove it
other growth might be related to other deps being bumped?
i may reference some things from/related to this thread in my talk. that ok with you?
for sure, i'd be honored. and thanks for asking!
also would you do sims, gurley, sanu, dt for anderson and ingram? same ppr format and 6 for td
also would you do sims, gurley, sanu, d thomas for anderson and ingram? same ppr format and 6 for td
i'll allow it
i feared that people would think "san fran". but it was too good a name to pass up.
no charges filed in shooting death of , baltimore county prosecutor announces.
---salacious, provocative, obscene xxx-rated prosecutor "decision" makes us feel nauseous. u hi-jacked the u.s. justice system
hillary clinton has been evil her whole life,the evil within her is reaching a breaking point,hillary is quite tota...
hillary is evil! she is pathological liar! she unfit to hold any position that deals with the public! corrupt!
one great thing about twitter is that some op-ed columnists are only worth reading at 140-character length.
some op-ed columnists are best read on their blogs, where you can see the details of their argument. 800-word op-eds, as a form, suck.
can't we wait till the officer has a say in court? are we still not guilty till found guilty in a court room?
we need to end the mob rules.
how? mine still says checking availability and sizes.
maybe because of my show size..it's pretty average lol
i have spoken to dozens of trump voters over the course of this campaign.
i think that was conor's point! that you *do* have a nuanced understanding bc of that.
who wants to buy a ticket to get the new yeezy boosts
which state u in ?
let the girls @ school wax my arms for my first time
i'm gonna wax my arms for the rest of my life , goodbye shaving
lmao must have some pretty looking feet then
i do they lightskin and don't be ashy kinda like paul
there's a street preacher dude with a little pa out front warning against the perils of the "coliseum lifestyle" and it's amazing.
"ownership is a succubus amongst you! cast them out!"
porridge w whiskysyrup this morn on skye and is bucking&amp;tearing across lawns
what's with donas can't he behave in front of company
same , all the freaking ppl the bots f adidas
i have a grip of raffle tickets &amp; im doing way more today so hopefully lol
the most fun i've ever had on periscope.
highlighted my highlighter yo
we need a good rap song dedicated to porn stars
nvm found one in the itunes
and of course this would happen right before we leave tomorrow!
use your anastasia brows to fix them your awesome at makeup
thank you for everything you do for everyone else! happy birthday
feliz cumpleanos senior benioff!!!
well i got tix to the wild card game...
that's just a positive outlook. i like it
the yeezy boost 350 v2 reservations open today. who's ready?
finally copped a w
aww man, cena was advertised this week too wtf
new fall tv took bigger hit than i expected
what would it mean to have weak opinions, strongly held?
moral relativism, i think
but shawty lo was a founding member of d4l
i'm supposed to know that
someone make me a jordan crying face with the yeezys plz
lmao i had 6 people do it for me even in different states and i didn't get it. this is some bull shit
here's to not making disparaging or presumptive remarks about others, especially other femmes, trans folks, and artists
work on yourself and stay in your lane girl!
describe your imaginary boyfriend in three fictional characters.
shit, this is hard.
put your game face on
the crazy horse?
cancer-causing chemical found in drinking water of 218 million americans
and is not the answer.
terry collins says the level of concern about wilmer flores is at defcon 4. the mets "are really worried about it."
oy. fire up the diamond injury chart.
lol you were way too late bro, u had to click it in literally milliseconds
you got through?!
dwayne washington and kenneth dixon in that order
start washington even though i got riddick playing?? and why dixon, he'll be coming back from a bad injury
there were boobs.
straight men are disgusting no offense. (gay men are, too. all men are gross.)
my plan to pay off my student loans is to just die before i have to finish paying them off. lay me down with my debt bb who's winning here?!
i say this to myself literally every day
gary johnson: wired should have endorsed me for president
i love that the response is a byline. will he place bylines with all the other pubs too? who does this even...
it's an amazing story -- how sheer pettiness, the cool kids ganging up on the nerd, could elect a de facto fascist
the msm continues their malpractice by using "untrustworthy" to tag hrc when we all know...
"american hands will rebuild our nation. not the hands of people from other nations." - donald trump
and yet much of our nation was built by the hands of immigrants and enslaved people of color.
writing. lols
the big drop in the demo tells me more of the audience was watching fall tv then i expected.
trump should just steal from le pen and start going with "america for americans!"
i'm telling you, he's 1-2 weeks away from appearing in full nazi gear &amp; quoting hitler, probably after hc whips him in debate
every time they talk about the post and your "obsession" i always think of woodward and bernstein. you're carrying the torch.
glad you are carrying the torch. great reporting!
if it's on a weekend !!
well i'm going to both of his concerts lol he has on a wednesday and one on friday ( technically during the weekend)
then leave?
you can delete this
what is saying about black on black crime then? *crickets*
so because there is black on black crime it is okay for police to kill black people. that is your logic
the amount of hand drawn genitals that i am receiving via the updated imessages is alarming.
it's what it was meant for. you can't stop the future old timer.
are we already eating each other?
in a manner of speaking. psychically, we are.
a profile doesn't have to take a side. a profile is just supposed to capture how someone lives
we also didn't need this profile to know he is an idiot, so i wonder what the purpose was
rahami unconscious after multiple surgeries following shootout, sources say
is president obama going to pardon him? give him welfare, food stamps, and a home in canada? i know this man was just misunderstood
neither do i...you brought up me not being "defended" lol my point was you have 2x as many as me &amp; only i liked your tweets
so no i don't want to talk about followers. but out of the 1000 tweets you sent i think only i put likes on em.
u.s. lawmakers grill mylan ceo over epipen steep price increases
love it make that money! this is america!!!
hour seven at work with no internet, but i can't go home...
what do they have you doing? climbing a giant hamster wheel to generate electricity?
looks like the view from the cafe balcony?
it is indeed! the view of blue mountain lake from our lake view deck.
please come back to me i tried to text you the other day it wouldn't go thru
no phone rn :/
no smh. my thumb didn't come thru for me
gotta cut it off now. it failed you. thumbs can't get you yeezys, what can they do?
"i'd like to get to the bottom of that." trump supporters....the gift that keeps on giving.
"the double digits", as in i.q.s :)
*flips in mirrors* my muhfucking hittle!
bro why did twit reduce my video quality
nope. generally just "shark fin" or "shark fin cove beach" if i'm being specific.
i was ecstatic when i found that spot, but bummed to see all the trash &amp; graffiti.
no, no, no. brett hull is awesome as a cranky old guy lecturing team usa and talking intl. hockey. we tried him on...
it works well like that in canada with don cherry.
to all of you fake fans out there. odell beckham jr. is a dirty player! - all of his fights &amp; cheap shots v...
and this was just one game.
*flips in mirrors* my muhfucking hittle!
how do work around that
when you give up trying to get the perfect thumbnail
why is this my favorite thing ever? lol
making a difference in the lives of our youth starts with you. time to be the difference!
check out my free workshop for teachers..by teachers for teachers!
this is why y'all didn't cook
you in jersey now?
matilda is far superior to kinky boots and deserved the tony
haven't seen either, but i definitely want to see matilda before it closes for lesli!
clinton camp fears debate moderators will "lower the bar" for trump
-it can't possibly go lower than the floor, where it now lies. can it?
well done amazing piece on the vin scully...
and if wasn't an "insider" article!! jayson should be commended just for that!
hey sorry to bother you. was there another band opening last night ?
no worries. yes. sons of texas opened.
trump is now whining about the debate because lester holt is a democrat. in fact, he's a registered republican. the lying just doesn't stop.
he's a pathetic little man and his supporters don't care.
animals have as much right to live in this world as we do.
become a voice for by supporting thru
what is that? a pc tower? whatever it is, it looks really sick.
it is! it's the rog. it's what the new titan armor in roi reminded me of
i've come to grips with the fact that i like the new teenage mutant ninja turtles movies where they look like roided-out green fetuses.
have you come to grips with the brad and angie split?
i agree, keep the cops out of chicago's inner city and let them police themselves - good call, paul !
i'm sick to death of violence.
did this tweet just blow your mind?
it blew thats for sure.
my best friend is a rock star
thanks friend!
met an exceptionally rude ba man at heathrow. really not like me but i'm so wound up i'm going to have to make a complaint
i never fly ba anymore after similar bad experiences a couple of years ago and appalling follow up by them!
his name is william patrick hitler. what a name.
i'm dying william patrick hitler
that's a big drop off.
i underestimated cause no big sports events.. but you had network tv getting over 10m during those hours.
power vote, they want this to out. deadline september 23,2016 kim is good to go1
power voting rights now
in case you were wondering, the mylan hearing has mostly consisted of pointless grandstanding
lots of suggesting this is all the fda's fault. of course, no discussion of why epipen cornered the market when there's already adrenaclick.
all i want is some fast food restaurant to start serving tofu nuggets or fake meat. nowhere to get stuff like that late night / on the road
they all serve fake meat!
a psychic just stopped me and told me she felt a great energy about a job opportunity for me in nyc or sanfran coming my way this march!
hope it's ny
hillary giving state department jobs to donors like....
you mean dementia don't you? she has many of the signs and no one is talking about but me! hillary (queen) needs medical help!!!
. the police kills all races, not just black people. it's just that the rest of us don't raise hell over criminals.
tamir rice and sandra bland were criminals?
inflight wifi is totally worth it if you are a geography junkie. dig these crazy river bends and wacky state borders
from yesterday
had kind of hoped to stay home and work all day, but doggies planned otherwise.
i hope they feel better!
i never take my ring off when i take a black lover. i love how it caught the light from cuckies camera.
the ring being on makes things a little hotter
and karma still not done doing her job , she got more waiting for you boy.
she got wayyyyyy moreeee cominggggg
who is coming to ? we'll have prizes from ! 7 pm edt
we may take a break somewhere between la and san diego!
already lowering expectations - interesting strategy given the production investment and marketing.
seems to me these type of stories would work better as a tv show.
i got a bit of luck and my main account is ok since 6 pm uk time...already have 10k
i can get on console just not the web app . i'm trying to save my 10 hours
wtf is going on at out magazine. really, y'all? really?
and w such a lameass take. "he doesn't care that you don't like him!" jfc what outdated moronic nonsense.
so whatever i'm allergic to in dc autumn just started to kick in yesterday afternoon
i am world's biggest evangelist for allergy shots now. amazing.
his name is william patrick hitler. what a name.
(it is well known among my friends that i have a weird amusement with the concept of 'a hitler')
they bout to take those "home of cam newton" signs down in south fulton so quick.......
doesn't seem like he's literate any fucking way, so it might not make any difference to him.
same lmao u live in brooklyn tho thats so lit i wish
lmaoo it lowkey is tbh but l'm used to it
4/i'd love to know what 's fdn put in its ad. if you've got a copy, dm me!
fyi, i think your twitter settings have it so only people you follow can dm you. may need to adjust those to get tips in dms.
"u probably ugly without all that makeup" bitch where
you literally have make up on both
dude sleeping 4 hours is not the business.
went to work, mission peak, and tailgating on 3 hours quit complaining
favorite character from a book day so of course she is moon girl
this is amazing. what a super fan!
omg is that annie's brand?
yah my mom got it. i just saw a bunny and thought of you lol
they do it on purpose to make you buy the newest model.
most annoying thing ever
i forget what the restaurant was called. the pizzookie is split into 4 quarters, 4 different cookie types.
was it this?
well maybe not, snog a celeb and post the picture if you want to be shameless
shameless but not common
yessir, homework binge then
sounds like the scheme
nice job on today-was impressed w ur composure dealing with hosts -our trading desk had a less professional reaction
i think i'll take that as compliment.
that's so cool brooke!! but i really meant how did you resist from singing bleeding love in front leona lewis? lol
oh sorry it was veryy easy cause i would've butchered her angelic song right in front of her
don't! skittles are full of coal tar dyes, they're actually all bad. have smarties instead!
smarties in the us are very different to what you are thinking. fyi
sounded good
thanks!!! it was so fun!!!
i hope and pray that i can one day marry this man
i really can't take it
2/2 continued - several us, israeli, turkish, saudi, qatari and british officers were killed in the attack
this trump/putin "bromance" could turn into "treason" charges...
do u think is ducking ?
no but i would love to see them bump heads
good question. how many people are killed by cops, and how many by the criminals in chicago? do the math, let me know.
the worst is that cops help create the desperate situations that push people to violence. it's a sick society.
obsessed with reading about my brother in the paper i'm such a proud older sis
that's me with baylee and basketball! lmao
i want to read them eventually. she loves them because a lot of it is different from the show.
yeah, they're a lot different from the show.
dc's writers workshop class - man, why did they even bother making this public?
no one is making a big enough deal that there's someone in that group of people named "owl goingback"
his name is william patrick hitler. what a name.
(but that's a long, rambling essay for another day)
if and only if .
well said! you need to broadcast that one everywhere!
also unlike u,i don't follow more people than the number of people following me.becos i'm not as desperate as u are :p
lol i don't care about my following to follower ratio
salt ur hashes not ur hashbrowns
salt both tbh
et tu, ali?it's a huge spoiler that bree even meets those dudes.
best twitter conversation today
you said from the south???
sorry for the dela but no producer from the south is better than araab muzik they are talented no doubt but not better than him
i think it's my lucky day.
my app is still checking size/avaiability
yeezy confirmations just went out and ppl are already resell prices// nah bro
did you catch a reservation though?
today in 2004, played here on her live &amp; re-wrapped tour. it was her first tour in eight years &amp; sho...
yes! i took my dad. good times
aaw, thank you krysten, very kind:-)
you're so welcome! :d
is fake af. lost our snap streak
i gave you 10 years of my life
nothing funny about 17years of war, assassination of a sovereign head of state, putting in dictator, spreading isis terror
nothing funny about a racist, con artist who only got where he is with daddy's money. he's part of the 1%...just like hrc.
i watch old fear, nv and xtravagant videos and literally everyone at the time was retarded
wasn't much to do except learn the spawn traps
yeah, it's gotten worse. it makes me furious. it's mostly out of towners. panther beach is awful with graffiti and trash 2.
i always pick up trash on the beach, but won't carry all that crap up the cliff.
who eats skittles with a spoon?
it's so you don't have to stick your hand into the bowl to grab one
hopefully you all are having a nice day
my client won the 5th race at belmknt so my day is ok.
this weekend's theme has been chosen by : farewells, partings &amp; endings!
ooh, love it!
the tick pilot is still up for some reason! watch it! leave a review! i tried, but mine was inexplicably rejected!...
i watched it. but like presidential elections, i waited too long and can't actually vote because of indifference and sloth
blessed was just awarded a scholarship, happy wednesday yall
congrats sista
where is elizabeth warren screaming that heather bresch should resign &amp; be criminally prosecuted? conspicuously absent. $myl
it's a house hearing though.
it's close to the met...have been wanting to go to the costume institute display...
if there were a peakers get together or sam wanted to hike the park with peakers i'd be there in a blink
see you have ray rice, drop him for dixon , you are getting dixon now because may not be able to next week
yeah i picked up ray rice hoping the vikings would pick him up.
venezuela's govt -owned oil industry collapsing. socialist state now buying american oil.
you thought the democratic-communist-progressive party was dead? they are alive in queen hillary encampment, and venezuela!
be careful tho read all your fee schedule, disclosures, and monitor your accounts
yeah okay i'll double check
i do not like it when messes with the search results appearance. no. no. no. no. no.
is this a new thing? why?
that line up though
girl. i need to be there
see you have ray rice, drop him for dixon , you are getting dixon now because may not be able to next week
should i start washington this week?
lilponyboi tha tape coming soon
droppin so much legendary music on this shit
trump is an authoritarian. he admires dictators, and consistently expresses annoyance at due process, checks/balanc...
similarly doesn't like a free press, our courts, or seemingly much of the constitution. you can have all the guns you want though, at least.
why you getting so angry? we haven't said anything other than an opinion, that shows a lot about you my friend
kids awfully hot headed about other people's opinions but hates when people bash his own
better or worse than trump going into the old postal building
pretty close to equal in my book.
isn't wanting to see blacks succeed liberals feeding lies to blacks because they think we are stupid enough to believe it is racism
all white christian americans see our black brothers and sisters as our family in jesus christ, want all succeed
lmao .... let's see how adidas wanna act saturday
i don't want to hear about your "problems"
.:honestly this guy would bow to the .what is wrong with this ?
's big on 'respect,' just not 'respect' of the united states of america, or it's citizens.
so when does everyone start enforcing the laws of this country and hold people responsible? why a free pass for dc?
only the democrats get a few pass! obama and clintons folks
you're obviously referring to the clinton's taking money from terrorist nations &amp; ripping off haiti's relief $$.
show the proof &amp; not just the typical right wing propaganda
don't believe ethics will ultimately change anything. economics trumps ethics every time.
the other worrying thought: military industrial complex + "prevent american military deaths" likely overpowers much of ethics debate
today we announced that additional funds have been made available to support the baltimore homeownership incentive program (b-hip).
this funding includes initiative booster program.
aww we need to hang out!
i've been wanting to try peet's, i think we're due for a date
same problem... been 10 minutes plus for me... i'm just not touching anything
yeah, still sitting here on that screen. gonna be really dissapointed if i miss out because of an app error
you're not even giving it a chance.
i've tried candy corn before. it's the worst lol
thanks. i checked it out.
thank you too for following me ! hope you will get a positive feedback :-)
perry kitchen is only 24?
agudelo is only 23? amazing.
i don't fuck with espresso but the rest of that is on point
mmmmm chocolate almond milk soaking chia seeds ahh mah gahh!!!!!!!!
here's a really simple way you can get actor babe mark ruffalo fully naked.
i like mark ruffalo, and i wouldn't turn away from a nude scene, but couldn't we get ryan gosling to agree to this?
and keep them in my camera roll
right everybody think they gotta broadcast every dam thing !
the left-coalition seems much more willing to have nuanced look at what inspired an isis recruit than a trump voter
(interestingly, we are learning that socio-economic explanations for isis recruits perform poorly)
clock boy's ripple effect: woman finding ny bomb thought it was a science project
people are such morons
'he's not a businessman, he's a con man': robert reich stuns trump fan into silence
-a lot of americans having been through the recession can't distinguish between the two, in their minds business man = con man.
here's the only take on that guy you need: "he wants to be famous. hates that other people who are women, poc are. makes them suffer for it"
that's what fleibarft goes after leslie j. so hard. he can't stand that a black woman is adored in hollywood. he wants to have all that.
yea psychology making me learn a lot about the way different people act n stuff
psychology?
the ultimate nightmare on elm st. 3: dream warriors freddy krueger in stock on neca ebay &amp; amazon stores...
look at how cool this is!
these r the people that go to trump rallies. omg!
know what's funny? these aren't 1/2 among trump voters. this 1/2? .
fluorescent pink and orange i nominate you!
strong performance
i like mark ruffalo, and i wouldn't turn away from a nude scene, but couldn't we get ryan gosling to agree to this?
don't get me wrong, i like ruffalo a lot, just add in gosling.
you're quite assumptive. not a healthy sign to believe you know anyone... especially a complete stranger
make absolute no sense. and actually you're repeating something i said earlier.,
vancouver + vegas + oakland + san francisco is going down this weekend!!
looking forward to your guys' return to the bay gents!
friends!! how much are bus tickets from syracuse to nyc??
about $50-$60 for round trip. closer u buy to date the more expensive it gets
psychology?
wait jk yeah you said that already lol, i loved that class in high school
those "other accounts" come solely from the two bicyclists, &amp; they have their own perception.
not only are they foreigners, their biases color their perception of the events.
he's trying to buy tna, lol
feel free to read my rant
this funding includes initiative booster program.
over past 5 years b-hip has aided numerous homebuyers by tripling the # of annual incentives provided, providing &gt; 3,500 incentives in total
gotta check this out, heard its good.
it's great! can't wait to get out of work and listen
for drawing or something else?
would like to get into drawing but i handle plenty of graphic edits and things i would rather have more control over than a mouse
looking forward to tonight !
, we can't wait!
chris christie calls hillary clinton a "disgrace" after her comments on police shootings
chris christie is a disgrace.
someone who was as mature as they claim wouldnt post continuously in caps &amp;then post about an attempted suicide that was told in confidence
totally confidence yet you posted in tweets and on snap
first slide of my presentation: sorted.
the resemblance is uncanny!
chan zuckerberg initiative pledges $3b to wipe out disease
socialist billionaires never die they just give away billions and receive tax credits and publicity! more bullshit, new day!
we believe that everyone has value. we believe that everyone's created equal. we believe that love trumps hate.
" nice play on words ... "love trumps hate". better to bring people together than to build walls. over war.
freedom is ______________
fill in the blank:
that's what fleibarft goes after leslie j. so hard. he can't stand that a black woman is adored in hollywood. he wants to have all that.
and any of you lazy ass "reporters" who interview him and don't understand/communicate that aren't worth shit. fire yourselves.
9/19 - 2.684 million 9/20 - 2.292 million surviving vs network television is not easy
dvr numbers have been over 300k every week.. this week will be interesting... i had on my dvr to watch after cause of sports
you're quite assumptive. not a healthy sign to believe you know anyone... especially a complete stranger
how about he's pro fracking and pro gmo. just like hrc. and will soon be pro tpp. tpp strips states rights.
it's that time again. what should i do?
is both an option bc
tyvm 4the &amp;
tyvm; 4the &amp; + 4the
you know the drill. submit your college hoops questions and lets not have anyone be working from 4-5 out there.
gamecocks in the nit again or nah?
but so they bid an insane amount and then try to pay less?
they dm a lower bid, when i say no they create a fake acct, activate the buy now price &amp; then delete acct so i have to relist
dude you'd go down in history as "that guy" who dabbed
no id be "that idiot" that dabbed and ruined the photo lol
fallenatics, start screaming!! fallen trailer is here! and it's fallen-tastic!!!
looks pretty good! i love the selection for !
btw has it really been 10 years?!
i don't know but i think so
who are these anime characters
they are me and i am them
i love the art in this tweet: the old post building, rip.
how are you holding up? you do know we love you, right? :)
only if he brought back food or something
amen to that!
you don't know what you're talking about. ray lewis was ultimately charged w obstruction or justice. don't be ignorant
yes you right. he told everyone his clothes on that night were too nice to have murdered or help anyone murder.
is it bad that i'm looking forward to hearing "goats bray" and sissy (insert last name here)?
looking forward to hearing it too
me for the last 6 months going on 7 lol what happen to your car ?
lol i gave the title to my car to a homie and expected either the car or some money back pero like nah lol
only reason to believe turner's innocence is his denial. which contradicts all other accounts &amp; ev
presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.
i just posted this thought on twitter. i think it can help. hope you like it. make it a great day !!!
please see my tweet that is "pinned" to my profile on twitter. had you in kind when i was inspired. hope this thought inspires!
i ordered my couch over 6 weeks ago and it's finally being delivered monday!
can't wait to come see the new place
no biggie, just a new logo and new site - and i'm totally :cat_with_heart_eyes:. see for yourself -...
looks awesome
funny as i am lookin at this on my desk
some good choices!
she's sharp &amp; gets it. that's why her recent fervor &amp; pandering has been so disappointing. she knows she's stooping.
wouldn't surprise me if sen aging eventually does their own hearing, which would feature her...
until i am able to tell my own story, i'm at the mercy of people "helping" w/o all the information. they mean well but muddy the waters.
i know exactly what you mean, but keep at it! you'll get better and better at it
lovely evening tfriends from americas
very relaxing view, have a great evening!!
im in a swing state and im writing in "larry website"
i'm designing a jeremy corbyn 2016 shirt
before you go to sleep tonight, i challenge every single one of you to do something nice for a complete stranger. our world needs that.
bravo bo no here
over past 5 years b-hip has aided numerous homebuyers by tripling the # of annual incentives provided, providing &gt; 3,500 incentives in total
i'm committed to increasing homeownership in baltimore, &amp; since 2011 my administration has committed $22,225,500 to homeownership incentives
third till u came to troll(get killed)i wasn't often on twitter.yet in 5 days of trolling u i have gained over 43 followers
because people think you are a mental case... you don't get any likes because you are taken as a complete joke...
mbn it's so pretty out there
ima come clean with you, shit ain't what it seem. lol this shit trash
if you're screen is still "checking availability" you're probably getting a pair.
i hope you are right because it's still saying that on my iphone!!
not all women should be cops due to physical demands. thank affirmative action quotas, politicians root of problem....
you can apply that to all the policemen who've killed unarmed blacks. physical &amp; mental demands &amp; biases are universal.
cant u use more then 1 account? like 10 more hours
not unless you buy ea access
i've never used the dot before a leading name, thought it was meant for organizations to announce things.
until recently, if you didn't do the period, only people following both you &amp; the person would see the tweet.
trying to believe he didn't do it goes so far beyond reasonable doubt it's in another galaxy.
"trying to believe he didn't do it"&lt;---believing he didn't do what? what "did he do"?
(george's role in "help" that is.)
forget it. i'll switch to chris gaines.
can't wait to come see the new place
omg i can't wait to have you over! it's almost ready for you
similarly doesn't like a free press, our courts, or seemingly much of the constitution. you can have all the guns you want though, at least.
so when you ask trump what makes america the greatest country in the world, he won't know what the fuck you're talking about. trump tower?
at rnc, said gave to sandy relief fund run by ms. christie. turns out, trump didn't.
and if you believe that, i've got a bridge in new jersey i'd like to see ya.
deluxe edition is available for pre-order w/ 21 bonus songs &amp; 4 unreleased! pre-order:
reminds me of the kids my mum used to babysit: "ooh, that looks good! our mom didn't feed us today...."
hello! is this open to uk artists too?
indeed, you're more than welcomed to participate
whether or not to take out enemy terrorists is one of the hardest decisions a president can face. just agonizing.
where the hell do you live? 4 men/sons are dead under her watch....
yes... i'm against putting a felon into the most important job on the planet. you're voting for her because of her gender
can you read? where did i say i'm voting for hrc. waste my time.
yes, but it's clear you do not 'follow the mass' as we normally see from articles posted in international news.
i follow my own way. its worked for me for 17 years: boston globe, wall street journal. forbes. three places. all brand names.
i'm really sorry your life sucks aubrey. but you just fucked with the last friend who stuck around for your sorry sociopath ass
who said your my only friend? i'm friends with everyone. and a said life i live on my own in new york with a lot of money
well, you're rockin' it. so, how long does it normally take you to put your makeup on in the morning? not long?
usually up to 10 minutes
bet. you in nyc?
i'll dm u later this week i'll do this tho
you are live on the social hub
wow, i am honored! thanks for the support! cheers xx
show was great
so worth staying out pass my bedtime.
you're hurting my feelings a little.
sorry to break the news to ya
all phys ev including bac, injuries, debris, documented unconsciousness while hospitalized, etc.
bac is not evidence of anything other than that she consumed alcohol.
two shows you say? let's tear this shit up!!
two show day here at the broadway theater-crush it!!
i'm hearing the worst sound of my life and i want to murder the sound bearer
were you hearing yourself chew?
yeah they had you bruh lol.
smh yea i got caught slippin
i'm really sorry your life sucks aubrey. but you just fucked with the last friend who stuck around for your sorry sociopath ass
and i drive a bmw and stopped stealing a while ago so who's life is sad
gave up on twitter for mac after fighting through daily: - hangs - extreme cpu usage - horrible scrolling - autoplay video - delayed clicks
also using the website is a non-starter. there is no information hierarchy, in addition to unresponsive scrolling / interactions.
he gonna come with and iphone 4, talking bout they ran out.
lol bless up
hot topic - the search, social and content marketing trifecta - chris attewell &gt;&gt; register now!
progressive-communist-democrats sooner or later get their rewards. may this one and queen hillary get theirs soon.
barbara walsh is a far better joanne than patti (and sometimes i am in a mood and want to say better than elaine too)
she is a great joanne.
all phys ev including bac, injuries, debris, documented unconsciousness while hospitalized, etc.
what "injuries" are u alluding to? what "debris" are u alluding to? leaves in her hair?
dozens of kids die each year in hot cars. tesla made a feature that could help prevent some
we should include this technology in all cars.
hoping i live to 40, just so i can be an airport guy who wears khakis, checks his watch frequently, and scoffs loudly at all announcements
it really is as good as it sounds
cum and find out
mmmmm lady &amp; gent yumminess mixed together ~~( c ;
mls gonna pass a rule saying brothers only take up one dp spot.
well if decides to pursue stars regularly like jds/guardado/vela i'm going to hurl.
bad day for the "why don't those kooky kids in silicon valley try to solve the important problems?" trope.
ah yes but it's a good day for "silicon valley is so arrogant, thinking it can fix everything!" trope :)
the "time on the cross" thing is a tell that this must be a highly abstruse act of trolling
that might be one way to describe the guy's entire career
you know a bitch is insecure when she goes and posts something as private as what happened two years ago.
2 months. i auto corrected it for you boo
update: we tested two more outlets that didn't work on the molinari. finally found one that does: in the snack bar. cc:
in my experience boat outlets have always been spotty--even before the alleged ferry fisticuffs.
this hack may help you eat less the next time you chow down on .
also keep in mind portion control and some common sense on toppings and you can enjoy pizza...
nice shirt, rings too bright?
that won't win a world series
best thing i ever did, record epic.awesome.videos.
wow and you didn't invite me over to watch it.
all phys ev including bac, injuries, debris, documented unconsciousness while hospitalized, etc.
1. they cannot "document unconsciousness". that is merely a conclusion, not a fact.
get out &amp; its ! tournament making a diff to kids w/heart defects!
would love to hear more about this event do you have a link?
well if decides to pursue stars regularly like jds/guardado/vela i'm going to hurl.
but at least the and their puppet coaches would have a built in excuse not to call guys in.
want to learn how to take your community management career to the next level?check out this article
thanks so much rochelle!!
barbara walsh is a far better joanne than patti (and sometimes i am in a mood and want to say better than elaine too)
boost this yes
i god damn love voice overs @ the beginning of inspirational rap songs - you know what it is, this is my time...always grinding..,we made it
me too. andre 3000 is probably the king of that. i freaking love intl players anthem.
that did it! thanks. didn't realize you had to enable gamepads. now, any idea how to get multiplayer working?
no multiplayer at the moment (other people or myself are interested in hacking it in though), but you can make derivative works.
the first-ever queens beer festival is coming to long island city in october, and we've got a discount for you!...
": the first-ever queens beer festival is coming to :
all phys ev including bac, injuries, debris, documented unconsciousness while hospitalized, etc.
2. what you conclude happened at the hospital, is irrelevant to what occurred in the alley.
this is a pic of the nice note that the sent me to commemorate my 20th anniversary as a christian minister.
have you seen the letter that was sent to me? pretty nice of him! that just must have been a big understatement.
was out of breath, i imagined singin to you from afar at the top of my lungs of heartbreak. connected w/ u &amp; free.
funky, unique and gaga.. the illusion is "perfect" ..rock on!
ohh i forgot we aint friends its cool, lol i'll buy you a drink to make peace
no, i thought i had real actual sandz!
peace out , i will definitely not miss you. maybe if you cleaned up the place occasionally i wouldn't have cancelled my account.
i've been a member of the pc crunch for two months + i'm already considering going somewhere else bc they have one squat rack.
depressed, unwanted dog 'frozen in fear' at shelter via
that breaks my heart!! :(:( poor baby!!
keep this in mind when police say or any other victim was armed.
why do cops drive around with spare guns
this one goes out to coz you always send me the most interesting trivia on ...
great stuff.
wala nyan both dito hahaha! hanapin ko online
go! i think release nya sa 2nd..
the divorce might just be the catastrophic event that propels trump to the white house.
thanks for the like dima!
that has what to do with the subject at hand? you seem less intelligent with every tweet
less intelligent? well those words are from ray lewis himself.
god this is so fucking depressing
"he has beaten me, he controls me at all times, he alienates me from everyone. i want his child and to buy a house with him
the question is do you pay much attention to the opening seg? becky vs alexa was the seg that opened
very formulaic.. but i figure people would stick thru to see cena main event.. or come back
no riddick will get you the points this week, washington is more of a wait and see stash
alright thank you and dixon is already taken so who else is there to get?
i hope that you ask, do not accuse anyone without the knowledge and i do not lie thank you for your
as i said, and your word is meaningless.
did y'all hear statement on these latest shootings? actually not bad... at least he isn't pandering.
i don't trust it. he never apologized for trying to get the innocent killed. probably listening to pr reps
| congrats . tweet or quote using + eddy kenzo + to vote.
+eddy kenzo ++vote
just develop his laugh and i'm sure he'll hire you as a pr doppelganger
great profile pic, btw
cam newton is the perfect example of a black person thinking that their wealth/status makes them colorless. just li...
and you see what happened to o.j's self hating ass *sips tea*
did they pull you over because they didn't see anyone driving the car ?
one day i'll find the humor in your humor...one day
no argument there
see i read it as "hey, the process is uncertain. start before you feel ready. that's how you have to start"
all phys ev including bac, injuries, debris, documented unconsciousness while hospitalized, etc.
there is no fact of "unconsciousness". there is no "documented unconsciousness". cite your source
so it's ok when don king supported obama in 2008/2012, but today the democrats/liberals r having "stroke"because don king on the trump train
strokesigns face arms speech time = stroke is happ stroke signs in infants toddlers kids are affects stroke happ
to be honest, i didn't even know there was a new until the announcement for this show. thought it was still johnny blaze.
you never read books with dan ketch?
why so many empty seats? vacations?
that was taken before the meeting, bob. and it's a committee meeting. not every council member is on this committee.
that didn't advocate for due to legal reasons but shared others exp such as porn,street, escorts
i have a friend who did an "ask a ho". listening to them and their peers is why i jumped in just now.
much better starter without breaking the bank
ah ty, def gonna check this out
i am not responsible for that booth title! i just want that to be very clear! :-)
you were not a suspect :-)
trump wants nationwide stop and frisk, where any black person walking in public would be stopped by police and searched. madness
maybe we can stop him and frisk the tax returns and charity $ he owes out of his ass
it's jenna! nbc should upgrade her. she knows more about bike racing than some guys commenting/hosting
. srsly though... she knows more than some of the guys racing too!
black america has been disregarded by the democrats for years!~don king
all veterans and active duty military fight to!! free foreign people from oppression. we do not want to see this in usa!
all phys ev including bac, injuries, debris, documented unconsciousness while hospitalized, etc.
that is all circumstantial.
tension btwn it &amp; biz is forcing a new approach to delivering gets povs...
lets hope so! hah / analytics for everyone rich! blend it with some hops &amp; come see me in bend!
it pissed my off when they shot king kong.
i cried when i was a kid.
holy shit at game grumps going to be in chicago during mff
that's exciting! i totally want to meet them
guess what ?
whatt?
way interested to know how you go about selling a concept. just a few key screens? moodboards?
i have no flow, it's whatever is best. i'm super casual. usually text, email, or over coffee at a cafe. quicker the better.
wish u would bitch
run their shit
via , ny/nj bombings are the latest attacks carried out by a person who had been on gov't radar.
shariah law muslims love to do this type of bombings. anything, but standup and fight like men! ball-less!!!
busy day today some nice people some not so nice people
it's always a mix. hopefully more good than bad
i'm having fun, how about you, jess?
i don't know these stunt queens!!!
are we there yet??
oh yes, we just got here!yaya
i was just talking about this on fb. i brought a dslr on vacation but didn't take it out because the phone camera was sufficient.
i'm hearing this a lot from prosumer photographers like you.
so, how many hours of sleep do you need to feel rested
more truthfully it's definitely at least 6 but ill usually take more if i can get it
have you seen the letter that was sent to me? pretty nice of him! that just must have been a big understatement.
the letter from ?
just in: trump proposes expanding stop-and-frisk
u getting way ahead if yourself
at least you got 15 seconds of hope i got like 5 seconds
we ain't shit.
send me beats torch only beats4lilluck.com
i got beats
is amazing and i'm loving it. is also amazing and i'm loving it as well. these awesome expansions are killing me!
omg this is also my struggle! :o
sex scenes can be awkward. make the person you're doing it with feel comfortable by saying... "i'm really looking forward to our sex scene!"
also be sure to mention how comfortable you are with them and how natural it all feels, especially if they have a s.o.
yes he was also the 1st or one of the 1st cuban born baseball players
i remember him a few times in september being activated and batting then going to coach's box.
the snap peas r my go to
literally almost bought those yesterday !
silence is the best reply.
you deadass should send me ur header so i can get it as a tattoo
swift would not have allowed this.
still better than that time humans sent a spacecraft to orbit mars, and instead crashed because metric/american units :\
when all party witnesses, victim, 2 witnesses to act, voicemail, &amp; all phys ev tells same story...
the female complainant claims she "cannot remember". how convenient.
. instead of releasing records, they release statement 2 smear what does that tell you?
the smearee can't smear the smearer. just ask nixon.
not a fan of the white jerseys
the black ones are sick
just typed the phrase "unused condom shoved into one of its orifices" into a professional art world email
update: just typed the question "does it feature rastafarians smoking weed?" into another professional art world email
are these like worn sweaty fetish sneakers
nah opposite: rare ltd run... ugly as fuck but the kids in middle america that couldn't get em want em bad
on the subway aren't you
the office , but this would also target people on the subway
this is so precious omg
this was great i want a daughter so bad
here is an end zone look might be shades of blue not blue and white. guess we will find out at big blue madness.
looks great on the video. people need to chill out.
this is real . i am a medical doctor .
i know, dear mtn. we need more medical doctors militants like you, sweet babe.
they can be corrupt because we have lives/families jobs/responsibilities and we need an iphone 7 of course
wth do u do? i read everything, study history, volunteer &amp; vote for candidates i feel have most integrity
west coast plz watch premiere of on nbc in 3 minutes i'll venmo u each $15
twas brillig! so as good as the jabberwocky. venmo: jessicatanner4
do you know of a guide to the perfect cup size for espresso based drinks?
no such thing as perfect, it's what works for you
so, how many hours of sleep do you need to feel rested
though lately with how bad my depression has been i feel like my body is like just, taking what little it can get
i'm watching in south park :) @ colorado springs, colorado
who's got it better than you brutha.... v
serious question: is it acceptable to take a nap in the library?
there are couches on the 6th floor and i have
(not that i'm saying you should write orbital rocket software in swift. please don't do that... yet.)
whatever, eva suits run code from npm so i think rockets running swift'd be
he's trying to buy tna, lol
stay here it's about to get emotional
grading the giants' defensive additions through two weeks:
why wouldn't you write a blurb on keenan robinson who was a cheap coverage lb signing this off season and has clearly graded out well?
oh my! this is interesting
wow talk about slow motion techniques
they set this up so nice after everyone left , even tried to spell ya name out
i knew i shoulda wrote on mine
who owns the data? it, business leaders, or both? customers discuss at . tweet us your pov!
the organization / corp owns it! ask the cfo!
they're trying, but the budgets seem to be the issue. but find someone like netflix to help with production... then...
if syfy could do bsg the i think disney could do the same. more story driven with bits of boom and the bang
i love the art in this tweet: the old post building, rip.
your superlative journalism made me subscribe to the post.
is there any way to let a mac know a wifi network, but not auto-join it? i have test networks and my machines keep jumping over to them.
have you've already tried to use the preferred network list, syspref-&gt;wifi-&gt;advanced, where you can set the order you prefer?
when all party witnesses, victim, 2 witnesses to act, voicemail, &amp; all phys ev tells same story...
the evidence does not "tell a story", hence its classification as circumstantial evidence.
the greatest yes song still better than the best dk's song.
well, i don't pit bands from wildly different genres against each other that way.
using osx? ? want that json you just copied tidied? alias pbtidy="pbpaste | json | pbcopy" # in .bashrc
nice!!! i think you can also do pbpaste | python -m json.tool | pbcopy (no need for dependencies)
a big thank you to my sponsors who supported me in my last fight !!! make sure to check them out
i wanna see the rematch with anastasia! that fight was outstanding
that's why quarter hours are needed.
obvs wasn't a big enough spike to really help. i should have expected this lol
spent $645,000 more per day than &amp; lost a virtually "unbeatable" lead. now she's behi...
:hillary don't care how much money she spends. it is not her money. it's somebody elses always.
team trump complains about h.w. bush's 'slap in the face'
righto trump. go after him and jeb and george will also dump on you. assholes.
.: we're frequently told that our eyes are lying to us. asks: how do we do something differently here?
.: would classify it as an attack on a black woman by cops. ciminelli vehemently disagrees.
can you supply a link from fox instead of a bullshit biased rag? name-calling and lack of source proves my point
- my answer ...
the racist left now see don king, quanell x, malik obama, alveda king and louis farrakhan as "coons".
and stupid black ppl still vote for democrats. always have and always will have a plantation mentality.
| congrats . tweet or quote using + eddy kenzo + to vote.
+eddy kenzo ++vote always the best
lmao. nigga that's baby talk. i work 12 hours. commute. take 5 classes. squeeze hw. workouts. and time with friends. daily.
bitch you do not work 12 hours daily
. spoke out about recent officer-involved shootings in tulsa and charlotte.
no body respect queen hillary and willie boy clinton. if their mouth is moving they are lying, lying, lying!
i knew what the content was like but the whole experience is pummeling. the volume, the tempo, the graphics.
and it's designed to be a constant, thrumming soundtrack to your day, which it is for many ppl! it's terrifying
this is amazing! which bridge is this?
thanks so much! it's the george washington bridge!
just walked in on a guy using the bathroom
i did it again and it was steve
pretty awesome celebrity endorsement for voter registration
when i looked this am it had more down votes than up. hmm.
halloween is coming!!
hell yeah halloween is coming!! &lt;3
what does hamlet learn from the ghost's speech?
nothing because the ghost did not talk (yet)
probably going to get pitchforks and torches coming at me but i can not fucking stand 99% of gay culture
i've never seen you shit on people for such, so i hope no one comes for you over this.
keeps me up to date on those. i get weekly chromium bug reports too
this is good, anyway:
matte black, you smarrrr
lol juhurrd. i always have a case anyway so it coulda been space gray idc
i have a friend with arthritis who can't use her hand grinder anymore whilst traveling, any ideas on a portable powered solution?
i have not seen anything, it's a unique problem that i've not come across, sorry
you should definitely try to guess which (completely separate) games they were originally from
i have no idea, so i'm going to guess gta and zone of the enders.
oracle vp, discusses key trends in with customers and experts at
geez richard you need more panelists :)
please take note of what is happening
well aware and not good.
hey i have a q: for game scoop, i preordered a ps4 pro, have a 4k tv, will i be dissatisfied? even jumping straight from ps3..
i cannot speak to your personal satisfaction. everyone's different!
you are an amazing commentator, you killed it on but please go easy on the pop culture references please
lol! not a chance.
holy guacamole that stuff suuuucks. i had my two front teeth capped like 10 years ago and they were filed down.
they hurt like hell to. not bad enough to make me buy meds, but pretty bad.
freedom is love irl
when i answered it on fb. ps if you don't yet, follow adam. he's in my friends list.
lee, this was the original thread.
i'd be more than glad to donate my book. patrick, i "followed" you so feel free to pm me.
3 surefire ways to undermine your leadership development - by
good stuff. i see this in my church. lots of misses with our young leaders which leaves them feeling undervalued
my 10 year hs reunion is scheduled for thursday, dec 22nd...really?! most people will have to work on the 23rd.....
i already spend my thursdays drinking and saying things i later regret, i don't want to add traveling to jersey to that mix.
wish i was there! speeches hitting home on the big issues to address - by all - for rights.
you are with us in spirit will! thanks for all you do for
will you teach me about um?
prank calling mark. i think i'm into it.
like, the halloween ones?
are there other orange ones?
nobody seemed to notice you could also draw on the side of this thing. i took full advantage.
i'd love to meet you. stop by the booth!
earlier today brother of calling white people evil. video here
feel the love
far better than my wacom pen &amp; touch!
a tablet is a tablet. i know artist who have bamboos and fucking kill it
i imagine mein kamf explains how to demonise a people for taking control of the masses. i don't know, because it's a banned book
i didn't realize it was banned, i'll go download it immediately!
all phys ev including bac, injuries, debris, documented unconsciousness while hospitalized, etc.
i would tend to think that anyone who goes behind dumpsters for sex, might get debris in hair.
times coon roman. wow.
the best one yet lol
leading int'l affairs experts weigh in on the state of world peace and what we can do to promote it.
yes we need to find a better way to promote world peace, improve human rights and reduce poverty levels worldwide.
hi stephen, been loving the coffee subscription for ages. my espresso machine just broke :'( any recommendations for a new one?
depends how much budget you have, how much you happy to spend ?
"fact-checking" with is like cops investigating themselves. advocacy journalism, !
cite daily caller, follow drudge, support nom backed by breitbart &amp; alex jones but poltifact's "untrustworthy"
stream ' new lp 'eat the light' &amp; catch them on tour, including a philly one-off with tycho ()...
nice coverage
thank you so much for listening. it brings me joy to know that you took something positive from the discussion.
of course always
wow really? show what i did 2 koscheck, condit, kim, lawler, daley, hieron. the disrespect! also tell about the trt exemption
i agree wtf. why would they promote this now.
also using the website is a non-starter. there is no information hierarchy, in addition to unresponsive scrolling / interactions.
7 seconds of loading before you can tweet / scroll.
i just realized i don't have the mega yarn yoshi amiibo. i have to look it up.
i'm not even into amiibos and i've wanted that one forever haha
gotta love it, cheers! ..going home for thanksgiving &amp; can't wait.
when is thanksgiving in canada? i forget
intel 4c core i7, 64gb ram, 2 gtx 1080s, 2tb hard drive. liquid cooled. it's a "starter machine" :-)
that's awesome, :) dual 1080s woaahoo
fantastic! :&gt;)yo
enjoy our song &amp; video gold filmed in ! and our 6 other !
the folks at chabad cannot find a copy, unfortunately.
maybe they will tell you who they use to print event programs? that business might have paper or digital copies?
new data: trump's racism has lead jewish donors to abandon the gop.
i can hear trump now. couple jews? who needs them?"
api and service are still there though.
didn't realize, sigh. go away game center!
thank you kenansville, north carolina! remember- on november 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a...
duke wiki stop the gravy train much better people will be. no more free rides no more handouts let america work for america
what % of consumers sleep with their phones? ... 71%! (= 3% in hand, 13% on bed, rest on nightstand)
that's much more than i thought... do you happen to have the source? (not questioning it, may want to use the stat)
i wish i had one. lucky
this tablet is kinda eehh. the 13' is waay better. but whatever tablet u have just make use of it. they all do the same thing
prediction: hillary up by 7 among rvs, 4 among lvs. anyone else wanna try?
given the majority of polls i'll say it will say +3 lvs and +5 rvs
trying to believe he didn't do it goes so far beyond reasonable doubt it's in another galaxy.
well, our galaxy is on course to merge with our neighboring galaxy very soon.
hi who wants to be my friend
i cc'd some dimmer fans
., merchants discuss lack of maintenance by mta and landlord zee n kay management on leffer...
issues include electrical, plumbing and other structural issues. merchants say they're paying out of pocket for these costs.
why do you think that?
handshake w/francis. it was hrc"escape hatch"n case she couldn't win. it's a stronger deal for the people.hers meant no change
thank you so much for listening. it brings me joy to know that you took something positive from the discussion.
god led me to this ministry for something so i know i really need to listen
please stop using terms you do not understand thank you
provide the citation for "documented unconsciousness".
mark zuckerberg, wife priscilla chan commit $3 billion over next 10 years to "cure, prevent or manage all disease."...
-no doubt that zuckerberg is from california, where we believe in the idea of living forever, downloading our brains if necessary.
i sincerely believe that this man might drown while looking up during a rain storm.
maybe he's referring to 9/11/2012? (jk. he's a moron.)
ohh cool. that disney $ is real. let's link up soon bruv. also you're also sending out dm's btw
noooooooo! argh. damn twitter spam. sorry about that. yes! we should! been way too long!
god i could possibly be part of the same thread.
thanks for saving my life!
i can't do this election anymore make it stop!!!!!! i hate this!!!!
yeah, too much shadow world stuff. impossible to live there.
comedy central orders 's weekly talk show 'problematic' to series
congrats to our !
| congrats . tweet or quote using + eddy kenzo + to vote.
+eddy kenzo ++vote excellent artist always
listen we gotta build this bridge and get over it for once, how can i make it up to you?
can get me a drink, food always works
whats gotta do with black committing more violent crimes?
you can be whatever you want in this country. as long as i identify with a race, thats all i have to check
great to see you!
the movie was fabulous!!!
very happy for yesterday. successful on
im in nyc, just saw it !!! j adore !!!!
the only thing better than is sofa market with a puppy!!! ...
wannnnt!
i'm probably gonna go on a whim to buy more sexier clothes. and no, it's to reward myself.
and by sexier, all of my clothes need to be in black.
maintain eligibility for advance payments of the premium credit by filing your 2015 tax return asap.
":maintain eligibility for advance payments of premium credit by filing your 2015 tax returnasap. "
haha laugh now, but wait until they get a bunch of kids and make a netflix series in about 10 years time.
i was listening to a podcast today that started talking about the shopping patterns of gen z, and how m...
we believe that everyone has value. we believe that everyone's created equal. we believe that love trumps hate.
hrc u r an idiot &amp; liar! in nc black man had gun &amp; &amp; was shot by black police officer. he was trying to kill the police!
got twice as many likes.then u did a whole lot of liking urself.i complained bitterly about u liking and imitating my tweets
i only liked your tweets that made me laugh out loud
omfg it's actually the last day of summer
but at the same time....
.: we're frequently told that our eyes are lying to us. asks: how do we do something differently here?
ciminelli: we need to have these conversations.
heh. true dat. turns out we already have matter, so i'm starting that :)
djan seriy anaplian is one of my favorite culture characters. i think you'll enjoy this.
i wish you'd been there, too, w/
we're saving you a seat!
"[hillary] doesn't understand how democracy works." -
her husband knows how charities like the clinton foundation works. 90% for clinton's, 10% for charities. bs! bs!
prediction: hillary up by 7 among rvs, 4 among lvs. anyone else wanna try?
i want to ask tho, at some point, like mid oct, don't folks have to poll just registered? if you arent reg by then its to late to
i wish black people camped.
are we going camping?
2 testifiers seems remarkably unprepared to give answers (bresch, intentional?) or why they cant answer (throkmorton)
for $myl hearing today's we among others
and daughters are so much more fun to dress up than sons lol
yooooo if i had a daughter wed be rocking matching outfits its so lit.
florida is in the bag!!
hillary +5 in fl. is that in the bag?
did you guys know that you can set up something called a "medical id" on your iphone? this can be accessed even whi...
- yes ali, however in the apple 10.0 software it moves it to health. i was at dr office &amp; couldn't find my med list, it moved
last day of summer can't believe i never made it to the beach
damnnnnnnn that's a first
please stop using terms you do not understand thank you
it'd be like saying that it's documented that the female complainant is/was promiscuous.
i'm literally making the sissies choose for me right now.
i was thinking of a twitter survey but i can't even narrow down my options lol
color me intrigued. has he written on this?
' great new piece on how blockchain can save globalization:
i need to do his route. i've only done jumins so far ;3
i'm so in love with yoosung. i'm crying.
i'm trying! hope u r feeling better &amp; no more steriods! have to have my 2nd session 4 the day in now....
ty, how nice steroids done.rash gone. wishing u feel better soon. meds are challenging necessities at times.
umm no. disheartened that some believers think it's ok to endorse wickedness in order to defeat evil.
so, say, you go to church with some abortion voting democrats. are you "endorsing wickedness?"
acclaimed but low-rated slattery's people (cbs, 1964-65) w/richard crenna premiered 52 years ago today....
i remember that show as a kid. haven't heard it mentioned in years.
people love to be angry at stuff.
bring back the power k curtis
this is why i said that trump's "disavowal" of the birther theory meant nothing to his supporters.
it was a total *wink, wink* moment.
it'd be like saying that it's documented that the female complainant is/was promiscuous.
"it's a fact that she was promiscuous"&lt;--that's how u sound.
talk to john slenker at . lots of retirements as baby boomers age out. difference labor force than past.
thank you for the contact name.
wow really? show what i did 2 koscheck, condit, kim, lawler, daley, hieron. the disrespect! also tell about the trt exemption
i guarantee you that fight pass would not promote remeber when ronda got kicked in the head lol.
not this beach house moment in ! donald glover better stan!
"do you know if you can block someone on a flip phone?"
w/bernie out is now the best choice for trolls must stop her
trolls need2 attack brain deadtrumpsters that crazy believe he's4 them
loved hanging out with both of you
it was great to finally meet you!
i welcome any soccer to oakland, especially with warriors/raiders leaving.
what do you think about possibility of an mls team east of the bay? sj is an hour + away, no?
exclusive: performs "alright".
thats one of worst most annoying songs i've ever heard
. biden, who's done so much 2 promote lgbti rts, speaking next @ highest level un meeting ever on lgbti equality.
thank you ambassador for your amazing leadership on rights at
i've actually been on his show several times. haha
oh my ggggg where have i been ? that's great- thanx 4 the heads up - we need more voices !
it rained for 30 seconds today and homegirls are wearing full on parkas and wool-knee-high-boot-socks
the same kind of girls that drink:
"we have shit in our holy water." if you know me, you know i have tremendous love for the city of charlotte. this h...
kudos for having the guts to say "shit in our holy water"! you've lived in both places and have the cred too!
happy birth bud, stay lit
thank you!!!!!!
it's not my comeback. csec task force said it.
the illegality of sex work sets up an irreconcilable power imbalance that makes abuse inevitable.
why 's airlines are struggling to survive
to suspend flights over 'economic reasons'
just thinking about all of the victims of police violence who's stories do not make national headlines.
how do we support these families? how do i better support my own cousin who loss her fiance to a police shooting. i am so angry.
can u take off buy it now??
yeah, buts the difference of $150 :/
"hillary clinton won't even say the words radical islamic terrorism." -
dementia does that to progressive-communist-democratic candidates. she needs obama's protection from jail!!!
what are your feelings on the murders of and ?
good will eventually overcome this dark period in our history. i'm sad but hopeful. we cannot let evil win.
guys work 12s take 4 classes 3 hours long each still do homework and still hangout with the lady and friends
this nigga counted more than 24 hours in one day
what happened??
no biggie, just read someone casually mention j's answer to lemonade would be, like, the apocalypse or something
lol, honestly speaking it's an illusion. but the pads are traveling faster and further than her actually gloves.
oh i see, so realistic she isn't making any damage with that. more like reaction time?
lol ok then at least make the references even more obscure
nothing obscure about them.
it's outrageous that would a guy for posting public records! free ! ...
we really need to come up our own non-profit open source social media.
what do you think about possibility of an mls team east of the bay? sj is an hour + away, no?
i'm kinda surprised there's no sf2 talk, given the ny2 and la2 trend
watch as sean rod talks with the guys on the rundown about his potw honor.
this is so awesome ! i really hope the make the playoffs
hey lundqvist, your jock strap is hanging from the ceiling rn
hey jack, your life is hanging by a thread
you can be whatever you want in this country. as long as i identify with a race, thats all i have to check
thats wild. all these tweeting takes up my whole twitter feed
ahs is tonight
i already have plans to cuddle &amp; watch ahs but come join
people who are into that can be victimized also,but her accusing him makes that unlikely
an accusation makes consent "unlikely"? not according to due process of law.
yeah i have to find him some kids his age to play with. that's awesome. i so want another tattoo.
christmas with your cousin right ?
made another acct. i blocked him when he said bill cosby was the only role model black ppl had. lol
so that's his new handle?
right? i thought i was misreading at first.
hey guys, not fair. reason clearly has more words.
| congrats . tweet or quote using + eddy kenzo + to vote.
+eddy kenzo ++vote his the best in ea
w/bernie out is now the best choice for trolls must stop her
painfully obvious i'm afraid that stein is the only hope2 break banks.
amp-fresh will keep experience quick with caching while preventing staleness with a max cache age. ...
what's ux like with amp-fresh? will the page re-load? or will content sneakily update on the fly?
breaking: new hampshire hrc 47 djt 38 gj 10 js 1 ayotte 47 hassan 45 sununu 49 van ostern 43
i can't believe the nutjob sunnunu is winning
i have been marathoning games constantly when i'm not at work. my poor eyes. i'm wearing my gunnar glasses all day now
hahaha, yeah... &gt;&lt; i played wow for hours last night and then jumped right into destiny at too late an hour
df in full sony defense mode. pro isn't really 4k but that price...
yep seems like a lot of mental gynnastics going on to make ppl feel better lol oh well
wtf why would you do that lol what did he say he was gonna do ?
fix it//sell it ended up getting fixed, sold, and broke all over again so watevaa
sjb deserved the tony over patina in 2013
this is the content i am here for laura
i'll be real - i've had 1 or 2 flashes of sympathy for anthony weiner over the years. not after this.
i felt for him after watching the documentary -- but this is beyond.
where's the best place to have a conversation about technical leadership for wordpress core?
this thread
literally lol w/ this searchable djt tweet archive. , he's been tweeting about you for 4 years! he's obsessed!
, sorry he sucks so much : ) i just wish he'd go away
omggg i wanna swim with you!
you should have taken advanced swimming this semester!
i didn't say he didn't say it. i asked you what it had to do w you calling him a murderer. are you that stupid?
do you know what you are talking about? he was charged w murder but it changed to ooj after his was willing to testify.
for the first time i let my nails grow out... how the fck do you ladies live with these idk
my nails. you get used to it, ive had em for a year &amp; i literally cant do shit without them now lmao.
what happened??
the consensus (especially from young'ins) is: time's up hov.
hr professor urged men to "be careful" because women are "overly sensitive" to sexual harassment
fuck that!!!!!!
i cant wait until october
i cant wait until you come out of the closet...owait u already did jkjk
i definitely still prefer my slr for portraiture, etc and if i know i'm doing archive-quality stuff. but for day to day life? phone.
you're on an android phone, right? two-lens camera system?
rough wednesday for injury followup. peterson (meniscus repair), abdullah (ir-foot), moncrief (fractured shoulder blade) out multiple weeks.
what are they calling abdullahs injury? i'm curious cause i want to look into it. i think ryan kelly from duke had same injury
i'm speaking at the national conference in austin, tx next week-hope to see some of you guys there:
i know i've tweeted you before about this but i would love to find a way to bring you to walnut creek, ca! it's on my mind!
i'm so pissed someone took my spot in phil like wtf
like i had to take someone else's seat because you're a shady mf
do you know what you are talking about? he was charged w murder but it changed to ooj after his was willing to testify.
we can talk about the justice system if you would like
"no. it's the citi bicycles that will herald our aesthetic apocalypse." via
doug, they would never do something like this in paris. a place that cares about public monuments and art!
thats true, because it's directly related the victim &amp; her killer. her sexual history is not.
but if her 'sexual history' involves prostitution, it could be relevant.
shuhei throws nms under the bus fair or foul... thanks to for the title pic
anytime man thanks for the credit lol
americans totally split on whether --trump *was* lying about birtherism --trump changed his mind --trump is *now*...
i don't think i'd have any way to answer this polling question. who knows?
it's becoming incredibly challenging to remain empathetic, even to those who choose to ignore/misunderstand our plight.
i stopped being empathetic a few murders ago.
holiday season oreos reign supreme.
the red ones
thought so .
spank me already
if you like keeping your head on to preserve the integrity of your character, power to you. your standards are your own; they aren't rules.
as a long time fursuiter i do feel there is merit to the other side of the argument as well.
has a special guest visiting today learning about the &amp; missions
very cool! david cook &amp; friends !!
"don't vote for hillary, she's killing black people" couldn't agree more.
omg are u kidding!! makes me sick to see any black person supporting trump
i hate to tell you this... but... your wife has been seen with another man in glasgow - sorry
r there any pics of this
the time trump hinted he'd help pay for an autistic child's service dog, then stopped responding.
-well, you see, service dogs cost money......
u ever correctly predict who's gonna like one of ur tweets
is this about me
lol stop you snapchat me all the time you silly goose
i am thorough
that picture of krissy i posted here yesterday was from my s7 edge. works perfectly well.
oh that does look like a nice camera.
good to meet you the other day! was sure i'd locked the tardis. you must have clicked yr fingers. ;) loved the jacket.
lol! pleasure to meet you as well and thank you!
negan's just begun. season 7 premieres 10.23.16.
oh, my god!!!!!! "negan's just begun. 10.23.16."
what's ux like with amp-fresh? will the page re-load? or will content sneakily update on the fly?
oh wait - is answering my question right now. sounds like updates on the fly, so hide or use hierarchy?
i blame all canadians for nickleback
well that's a different argument entirely. that's why we need a wall!
uh, i'd rather zuck keep his $ on research and avoid turning fb into google and its moonshot labs.
mark &amp; his physician wife have plenty molah to spread around. with her as a 24/7 consultant, zuckerberg has better chance than $g
man with proof god doesn't exist can't multiply 521 times 2 rotfl
rounded obvi didn't feel like doing the math or cared but 888 is close enough! u should have more interaction then me, &amp; u don't
here's what you need to know about the fed's decision to leave interest rates unchanged.
if they raise the rates, the wheels fall off of the little red wagon called "obama's" legacy!
how do we support these families? how do i better support my own cousin who loss her fiance to a police shooting. i am so angry.
i feel like i'm not doing enough but i don't know what else to do.
foam n wash in thornwood u do it yourself
that's deep but ty i'll keep it in mind for the future!!
love the spot each week with on francesa, brought to you by
hope your posting this, ron darling, and of cawse alan from queens.
in 2016, toddlers have shot more people in the us than muslim terrorists have
i have 3 kids and i can assure you that totters are terrorist'
we would advise you to discontinue use. you can file a warranty claim at or email info.com
was i supposed to know meridian would damage my phone? when should i have discontinued use? will lenmar pay for phone damage?
ikes or burrito factory !!
i think you just made my choice haha
shuhei throws nms under the bus fair or foul... thanks to for the title pic
some ppl don't ask , sometimes ppl forget, or just don't know but still respect you asked. my friend did it , i can't do that lol
these used to gross me out so much bc it reminded me of the yogurt bits my hamster had as snacks
lmao they're hella good
um actually thats a fetish
"um actually thats a fetish"&lt;--if you say so....
| congrats . tweet or quote using + eddy kenzo + to vote.
+eddy kenzo ++vote he deserves all awards
i read that he may flip for the prosecution.
will mr. combetta testify? doubtful.
i have the hottest takes. you snatched my weave with your ragtime take.
i'm doing a heinous creep of your legacy tweets and i am beside myself please let's revive parade
runners up: the log lady, pippi longstocking, jo march.
ramona quimby, louise sawyer (from thelma &amp; louise), johanna morrigan
remind me why i decided to go to fashion school. i cant remember?
lmao i hate fashion i question why i even like it sometimes tbh
i've probably done every beauty trend/owned every makeup fad ever. if anyone wants my opinion (lols) just ask i looove being helpful
ive been considering buying the glamglow super mud cause ive had breakouts. have u tried it/think its worth the money?
today's tournaments 1v1 snd 1nd 7pm est 2v2 snd 1nd 8pm est 3v3 snd 1nd 9pm est $3 payout free entry signups:
anyone down for any of the tournaments
this effect is going to drive me batty; the *foreground* would be blurry were this true shallow depth-of-field. loo...
it does blur the foreground too. but it's a beta so some photos will look off.
i have never been more disgusted than i am right now in my entire life.
who tf is that
does logback integration support release tracking ( +
yes, instructions can be found over here:
a bay area apartment building "rebrands" by evicting low-income families to clear the way for facebook employees
how is this legal in the state of california?
we should have a pa ny meet up
i think this is an amazing idea! &lt;3
because you're a dolt who doesn't understand basic language.
at least i don't falsely claim that conclusions "are facts".
over 60% of adults with disabilities aren't in the workplace. we have to fix that.
well expanding disability benefits for the worst of the disabled would be nice to.
.: calls this a trend. says he is basing his observations on the viral video.
ciminelli: first man was struck by officer (with a jab) when he was allegedly resisting arrest.
seeing a lot of elitism in the furry community lately. there is no single "correct" way to be a furry.
it's not eliteism. it's more traditionalism.
if i were in a church where some abortion voting democrats felt comfortable, i'd be looking for a different church.
are there democrats in your church now?
mqm mna from na247 sufyan yousuf has resigned following orders from mqm london . sufyan says mqm mandate belongs to altaf hussain
now what after resigning, that's the real question
also here is my dog
scannerdog is looking pretty good.
pumpkin whoopie pies are at whole foods and i am no longer afraid to die.
the whole foods is a beautiful place and i am no longer afraid to die
smh should've hit me up . so he fucked you over sold your whip and kept the money?
nah i was broke, he paid to fix it and sell it to get the money back w. some for me but it broke down on new buyer
he was the most beautiful boy i've ever seen, the most beautiful boy i've ever met
i see him tripping running falling covered in dirt. i see a lot of these things lately i know..i know none of it is real!!!
the new oracle essbase cloud service provides access to your favorite essbase capabilities plus more
long live olap - hey what about oracle express? :)
i'm doing a heinous creep of your legacy tweets and i am beside myself please let's revive parade
oh god don't get her started.
i wanna rt this forever
i feel your pain
i've probably done every beauty trend/owned every makeup fad ever. if anyone wants my opinion (lols) just ask i looove being helpful
also what lipsticks do you swear by- preferrably not liquid because im a total clown fiesta at applying those....
over 60% of adults with disabilities aren't in the workplace. we have to fix that.
that said many severely disabled like me are very intelligent, college educated but are so limited it is hard to find jobs
i'm so slept on on twitter. irl tho that's a different story
some old dude tripped over a police barricade checking me out today when i got outta work so i guess you could say i'm a big deal
hence my initial confusion. guess there were no pro bono proofreaders on hand.
a+ for the simple-but-elegant web design, though.
wat! npm - are we talking about node package manager
aww yeah, space suits run javascript:
october is one of the best months
you're finally gonna be 21! so we can go get some cute drinks together
candy corn is absolute garbage
it's not even in the top 50 favorite candies
i am so disappointed in myself for trusting someone who is such an incredibly incompetent person.
don't trust anyone. you did this to yourself. good bye cait.
epic many hours rail journey &amp; a few stops to oxford yet. change at wolverhampton. anyway, now planning my retireme...
!!! you're building one?
smh should've hit me up . so he fucked you over sold your whip and kept the money?
gave him the money back and let him keep the car. bad motor so fuck it
great. first zika, now recommending american women not get pregnant for 4 years pending an outbreak of
cool, it'll be like children of men and we can get stoned with michael caine
yeah. anytime a machine doesn't see the main network immediately, it goes on down the list. happens a lot, especially w/ phone.
possibly turn on the pref to require admin auth to change network? don't auth when prompted to give a chance to find preferred 1
watch: on "women who work;" empowering campaign celebrates modern women.
thank you ivanka, your father finally gets "free stuff" promises gets votes, you nailed it, a little more
i'm gonna make a contrarian prediction here that the chan-zuck initiative will have less real impact on the world than the carter center.
far be it from me to tell anyone how to spend their money. but chan-zuck sounds more like technologist dreaming than operators' needs.
happy 85th to your mom! my mom will be 90 tomorrow. she loves mike too maybe we shoul...
i feel another shutout coming up!
trump cons people by employing them, educating them and providing quality healthcare? what a tyrant!!
what about all his cons like trump u; contractors he never paid.been following trump since the 80s &amp; not good
. another snow job
granted she may have overplayed an attempt at even-handedness here, but she's not andrea mitchell.
if you don't fuck with peanut butter you can suck my dick
real talk my dude
bc your childishness reminds me that i don't have to grow up too soon lol
my selective and intentional childishness?
hot take: you do not need cheese on that food.
alternatively "hot cheese: you do not need take on that food."
to be reckless and you may keep your bike inside kudos for you the streets are a mess
you're tweeting at a guy who records all his rides and rides with his kids. point is, he's not a reckless 1
hey guys ? for u? are you going to be in lynnfield mass? i saw a billboard ? old time hockey rules! ty
nearest on the schedule is providence ri
over 60% of adults with disabilities aren't in the workplace. we have to fix that.
intelligent or not. 1: you can't pay for college on 900 a month disability. so getting a proper degree is impossible
my app still says checking sizes/availability, what does this all mean?
mine too :( where are you located?
lame excuse.my trolling made him laugh yet he begged me to stop lolz
nobody thinks you are clever... you are a joke lol
yeeeee let me go pick you up
for sure i'll wait here for 6 hours for you
oh good lord the fake depth of field on the iphone is awful
i think it looks good...
what you like scrap, boo
ur not even hispanic tho????
hot take: you do not need cheese on that food.
gouda point, weaver.
i understand that you don't want to breach your ideals, but it'll be harder to stick to them in the smouldering ruins.
it's o henry irony that folks who complain congress won't compromise will risk trump because they won't compromise their vote
la this sat. 9/24 8pm set list returns to w/
i have 2 get back 2 la bf i move 2 maybe u can bring &amp; 2 next year
is it out yet??
not yet! announcement will come soon
"fish labelled as white tuna has actually been escolar, a succulent buttery fish known to cause explosive diarrhea."
rule - "if you cant see where the fish was caught, dont eat it"
"i don't really fuck with art." -
kid is literal cardboard he is so boring
steven matz is scheduled to start against the phillies on friday, terry tells reporters.
which means on thursday morning he will go on the dl. right
u ever meet people who cube their mangos? like what is wrong with u who hurt u
haha that sounds amazing
jersey win an authentic uniform. 1. follow us 2. like/rt &amp; tag 5 friends 3. jersey size...
gimme a large usa mcdonagh so i can rep my boy at msg!
you're only as strong as your weakest link.
so i guess now it isn't a "publicity stunt" huh haters? stay strong colin!!!
good lordt he's beautiful
what's his snapchat?
well... it is a jungle out there!
where is the undo button for that tweet of mine?
hot take: you do not need cheese on that food.
erin, please brie reasonable about this.
i hate the argument that it would "kill" decks like ad naus to ban ssg but it's so disruptive for such little gain
in what way is ad naus a good deck for magic? or would modern be a worse format without it?
do i know anyone who can put me in touch with god?
the fec would also like to know:
just saw this "real-time customer mapping over a retail floorplan is the holy grail". why is that?
especially how that reconciles w/ :)
you mean spoon feed you information you're too damn lazy to look up yourself? i think not. i'm neither right nor left, don't try
insults are very becoming to trump supporters i see. bless your heart!
side note: it's fascinating to hear that the most controversial stories (the ones we clean up) are rarely the most read
i've mostly made my peace with it, but i still get taken aback sometimes
it would be cool if hollywood wouldn't blow up d.c. my take on abc's new drama, designated survivor
kinda like real life with the deplorables taking over in november. you will still get the same hotel rate no worries!!
congrats. pretty good chance you're the strongest attorney on that list of suits
i do my best to hang with the big dogs!
dammit, i feel a cold coming on, and i'm going camping this weekend.
bourbon. bring all the bourbon.
is it true that the words to the thunderbolt fantasy "whoa-oa" theme are out there,and how can i see them
100% positive they'll appear in the cd booklet. they'll also be in machine translated german, and it'll be a summary of the show
if you could do the same, what advice would you tweet your younger self? tell us using .
don't buy that wii u in aug '13, despite what they said there will be a price cut in sept and you will want ww hd bundle.
smoked 7 two nights ago nice try
yeah and i chugged a whole bottle of hennessy
i just spoke with the doctor. my partner had a successful surgery and will be able to go home as soon as today. i want to cry with relief
i'm so happy to read this. *hugs* and &lt;3s to you both.
yes i do know what i'm talking about. he and his two friends were originally charged w murder. the knife found at the scene
he was only one who didn't do any time. pretty strange how that happened. and where did his "nice clothing" go. hmmmmm
hot take: you do not need cheese on that food.
sounds o-queso to me.
only if you have 6-8 hours to hear about it
i would very much like to be excluded from this narrative.
i wish i had like 5 identities so whenever i have a problem i can just disappear and become a different person for a while
give it a while, after a few decades and moving between several countries you'd be surprised what doesn't follow you around
larry wilmore calls obama the "n word"...white liberal crowd laughs don king says "n word" in a black church with...
its official, liberals are fucking morons. case closed!
illuminate store in soho is almost open at 168 bowery go check it out until 10pm tonight guys ...
i'm so mad lol just let me be happy and tweet about the video instead of making me upset i can't go to this show in my own city
maybe, but slippery slope to running moonshot labs while u lose focus &amp; competitors pass you by.
give the zuckerbergs some credit for being very noble - they are doing a philanthropic act without saying so. no diff from gates.
muslim rape gang coverup keep american children safe...
and they rape boys too
who are the broadcasters for the a's/astros game rn cause i want them fired smh
the astros broadcasters
questions: 1) did they see this alleged pcp from the helicopter or from behind the car? 2) when did they "find" th...
how can they test pcp so quickly when labs need three months to review body cam tape, dna, ect
uhm, no, thanks... population in central europe is dense enough for my taste.
if we were thinking of them as settlers, we wouldn't be sending them to central europe. we'd be looking for places they could own
hot take: you do not need cheese on that food.
agreed. i'm feta up with people overdoing cheese.
over 60% of adults with disabilities aren't in the workplace. we have to fix that.
2: even with proper degree most businesses don't want to hire disabled because they aren't aesthetically pleasing.
israeli pm netanyahu to president obama: "i know you'll continue to support israel's right to defend itself."
what about the rest of the world obama? america could use a little support, but not from you!!!
let's play guess the fruit. just found this in our kitchen behind the microwave. (fyi, it had been there a while.)
can't tell the true size...could b a melon or a sort of lemon????
me &amp; has been friends since i was in the 9th grade . smh talking about thats almost 10years
yessss !!! definitely
when he gets in office he will surround himself with experts &amp; i'm confident he will listen &amp; make intelligent decisions
hahahahaha. ok...there he has a track record...not intelligent.
has been in the public eye since 80's &amp; not once was he ever accused of racism or being a con until running agnst hillary
that's what you think maybe you need to do your own research
you need to see this 7-6 romanian prospect's highlights.
sean marks.. u got space for one more on the roster, right?
what plugin are you using that gives those annotations? that's amazing....
love it soooooooooo much (i could add 3,000 more "o"s)
same thing honestly. "one true way" thinking is toxic.
in certain contexts. yes. in any culture there are norms and taboos
a 100% chance, for my part.
apple's gotta prop up demand for their ridiculously sized phones somehow!
had none of rays dna. his two friends were seen buying knives earlier in the week in atlanta while lewis was signing autographs
do you atlest see the irony of this man going on tv and talking about bonb crime when another person has died at hands of the cops
perhaps if deltas do well could sneak in as a option
if you thought building a stadium within new york was hard...
why is clinton ahead by only 3 in wisconsin. why
because she decided her base was an imaginary republican stereotype dreamed up by aaron sorkin
far be it from me to tell anyone how to spend their money. but chan-zuck sounds more like technologist dreaming than operators' needs.
someone made up the term "cell atlas" like, last week or something, right? how about we solve diarrhea and malaria first?
icymi: our friends at are giving you the chance to win tix and tix! ends @ 5pm today!
will acltv have doyle bramhall ii on the lineup after his rich man album drops on sept.30?
wow, i wish you could of blessed me with your beautiful smile
kissing ass because you called me a thot?
oh and those gold ass js look ugly then a bitch
nah you tripping. i don't think they are ugly at all
worked on a beast last night. we did it in a garage. i didn't think it'd fit (it sticks out some)
cool! what were you repairing on it?
fast and furious put semi-automatics in the hands of mexican drug lords that killed americans - should answer all questions.
like what does this even mean djt? lolol. ur so stupid! hhahah
hot take: you do not need cheese on that food.
oh cheese (read: like 'geez' for the pun), people are crazy.
hes lettin the fame n girls change him. no longer cares about the commen folk. havent herd him prey in months
god noticed russell getting laid and gave him a high ankle sprain
pillowman was... fine.
you're really going to enrage the pillowman stans with this one.
optimism flourishes in a rich compost of denial
hence the appeal of compost toilets. they always seemed so un-existential. now i see shit piles up, exits &amp; clears the way.
don't argue with people on facebook cato
argue with people on facebook, cato
via , ny/nj bombings are the latest attacks carried out by a person who had been on gov't radar.
- the govt was saying he wasn't on it, now they say we're?
"would you try a hamdog?" creds:
could we make this ourselves??
because stop-and-frisk's effectiveness isn't questionable and doesn't lead to more fraying of community/police relations and mistrust.
without opening that link something tells me his pal rudy put the battery in his back on that one. bc stop &amp; frisk was so successful in nyc.
still loading after 20 minutes, can i get a bit of help here?...
and still stuck on the "checking sizes/availability" screen at 35min...
it's like a cactus sliding down your back with aloe vera
cool thanks
possible, but most often has issue when booting, and many of these devices are headless.
use ethernet.
i haven't read ross's column but i side with him by default
i will always ride for ross
| congrats . tweet or quote using + eddy kenzo + to vote.
+eddy kenzo ++vote he is one of a kind
she speaks for about the last 1/2 hour. today in orlando.
whoa sorry about your notifications, my phone just freaked out and liked/unliked on its own.
neither of these are presidential decisions or responsibilities and one is a state by state decision.
uh..well gmo labels have already been stripped from states. and fracking has too in a few states. tpp overrides all law
americans with disabilities deserve the chance to work alongside those without disabilities-to do the same jobs for the same pay &amp; benefits.
i agree but most importantly, we deserve to get the same kind of college education as everyone else too.
heard a rumor that was an alumnus...
. you are correct! he's a class of 1988 grad :)
i cannot help wondering why russia even pretend to be in the game when a single american company is half its economic size?
's economy is the same size as (comparing annual gdp to market cap)
in response to woman being tackled, ciminelli said there are 40 pages of documents that he must go through.
ciminelli is not answering specific questions about the incident. he keeps referring council to a packet of information he gave them.
why your name jade but you not green
y u holdin a baby in ur avi thas not even urs????
it was an honor to be featured alongside these incredible artists
ahh, this was the shoot!! soooooo good!!!
you bet! buncee is on my play with this list for the year. you've got a great team - i trust your company's instincts!
awww thanks sean, thinking about you all the time as i listen to the soundtrack ! last song is a killer
evan, this is my life lol i'm so determined to make sense of it all, though
3 number interstates are always branches off of the main so they start and end on other interstates.
neither of these are presidential decisions or responsibilities and one is a state by state decision.
the right to pass gmo labels has been stripped from states.
unarmed black man: big and scary white convicted rapist: star athlete sick of it
i know! white people can be big and scary too! i'm glad his family is shining a nice light on him though &amp; getting attention
//paps you no gonna lie jumin is the reason i got the game i was determined to woo hot cat dad.
i will admit to getting into the game 'cuz yoosung looks like adrien
figuring out how to live single again is hard. (marriage fine; 's job has her living in another city during the week.)
ouch :| ... but she is in denver, best i can tell? my birth city and home state :) not sure that helps but yeah
also there's some decent editing apps now for android. and of course one can always port to photoshop for advanced detail work.
have you messed around with adobe's free photoshop apps for android? the ios ones are excellent.
is it just me or do you also suffer when the game is on mlb network cause the broadcasters always succ
same but i'm in the building today
penn staters are also leading the charge to change state welfare system
jeffrey, that's awesome. i really salute you guys for that.
if you could do the same, what advice would you tweet your younger self? tell us using .
buy the wii u ww hd bundle in sept 13 b/c 3 years later in sept 16 it will still be the same price $299.
the one good thing about the ppw lawsuit? i made the acquaintance of at the first court hearing.
so true! we were cross-tweeting.
i believe it's clear that he did read your stuff and gave very specific criticisms of it.
. good golly! blocked me! my life on twitter is ruined!
melvin said that mengden, unlike cotton and manaea past two nights, won't be working with curtailed pitch count today.
so, valencia shoulda had the fly ball, right? crikey!
i will say , this made me take pause and prayerfully do the same.
glenn, i have followed you for years, misguided now about trump, but still my hero! keep up to good work! no hillary!
he probably didn't do any time bc he didn't commit the murder? just a thought.
charged with murder, willing to testify, drops to ooj and everyone else goes to jail. strange
i suspect because of my terrible luck that you own a ps4
yeah, i play it on ps4. i love my x1, but the ps4 version has more content &gt;&lt;
hopefully it's people realizing zuck is bonkers thinking he's a prophet and is now making outlandish elon musk statements.
it's like the billionaires have all committed to a series of escalating dares
"yay, the fascists gave us popcorn!"
but three of them could kill you so don't finish the bag
suck my dick anyways bitch
i didn't know you could suck a vagina
i just shared this on facebook trying to be funny and there's a dickfest in my inbox...
what else would you expect
so in love with your wisdom wednesday emails, todays comparison topic was well needed in my life
ahh so happy to hear that love i appreciate you!
i should make a locked account with no followers where i post all the "i disagree, but not in ways that ultimately matter" drafts i delete
you could call it thatswhatishouldasaid
"you know dis boys got his free taco"
hahahahahahah hahaha danny instantly came to mind ahahah especially with that hair cut
lots of negative posts lately, heres a happy one, i bought a car recently :)
the 5.0, good man!
i just realized that i bought 2 binders and 3 books and they don't fit in my backpack, now i have to carry them while riding a bike.
sit on them.
i found her so not believable as an italian woman and her accent totally laughable
faving so i don't cry.
funny that your account is called "madonna nation," cause i constantly see tweets/rts about gaga. add her to your bio, boo
funny, you only see what your eyes want to see. go join a gym and get a new therapist. sorry about your situation. *flush*
the only downside to that job is the rent in nyc.
i hear some landlords accept beer in lieu of cash
i agree- with the caveat that a religious person ought to be working to change the state of the world.
yup. that was the follow on tweet. thanks for support.
here i am in the library laughing at all these funny ass tweets when i should be writing my five page essay. i need to do better
throw your phone away haha
u need 2work on your arithmetic. he made orders of magnitude from pennies on the dollar. he personally earned his wealth
his daddy gave him a million to buy property in nyc. that's how he got started. lol. learn to read and you might know this
someone made up the term "cell atlas" like, last week or something, right? how about we solve diarrhea and malaria first?
$600 million for latrines. literally, that's it. just proper latrines, everywhere. roi. it's not sexy, but global health isn't, really.
i haven't had a notice from twitter in a hour.
that's because i've been holding it hostage. willing to offer an even exchange if u send periscope back.
this effect is going to drive me batty; the *foreground* would be blurry were this true shallow depth-of-field. loo...
as someone who uses a f1.4 lens for the bokeh, this will bother the hell out of me too.
i love giving people working out loud book
and i love people who give people "working out loud" :-)
so why label all drivers as reckless?
are u familiar with projection? you're accusing others of what you've been doing. not all drivers r reckless
rt if you're in the states, favorite if you're foreign. tweet me where you're from
... the city by the bay!!!
no i do not. black on black crime and police killing innocent black people have no correlation.
exactly. which is why it is fucking bush league to bring it up when you have a powerful voice on tv. this is a real problem.
lmfao yes, i use to wonder howwwww
i made a long list of autocorrects lmao
agree, agree and agree! still, putin's hurting, &amp; if some1, any1, would display a bit of brass, he'd topple over?
-it would be nice to know who comes next.
portrait of a kissass -j
changed my mind. joel coen david lynch rian johnson fred
is your awful ass really lagging your host to that point
just to try and beat me
do you prefer alw to sondheim? bernadette's mama rose over patti's? respond to this with your hottest, most controversial theater take.
fun home doesn't live up to the hype.
not enough chris hemsworth.
this is a continual problem with my life
are u familiar with projection? you're accusing others of what you've been doing. not all drivers r reckless
but harm from reckless drivers is exponentially greater than harm from reckless bicycles.
just another legend visiting today! thanks for the pic !
i bet karem could not get the basketball away from u
thats a repeat line of yours. hungover again today?
when the shoe fits dummy ....
do you prefer alw to sondheim? bernadette's mama rose over patti's? respond to this with your hottest, most controversial theater take.
they never should have recast alice rickey for kerry butler in little shop
i have the whole day off in san francisco tomorrow. what should i do?
alcatraz tour!
on i am truly grateful for those that inspire me to travel &amp; achieve my dreams! thank you!...
ooh! thanks for inspiring!!
you are spot on about kids custody and withholding from ex. dealing w awful circumstance right now
either i'm a bad judge of character or your ex is awful. so sorry dude.
": you are a very handsome man" i know, but the haters and losers never give me credit for that! too bad.
hey america listen up! djt needs credit for his damn good looks. credit where credit is due please!
my good friend and i have something very hard in the works
produced by
trump call for expanded stop-and-frisk quickly denounced by nyc city council speaker
lived in nyc 28 years. we are heavily"overcopped"right now. if wall st had been held accountable in '08 we'd need 2/3rd's of that
really wanted dual titan xs. hard to get right now. couldn't wait.
yah, bit pricier for it's value. just don't do language translation models, sub-sampling w/ the 1080 memory will be good to go
current struggle.
mine too, where are you please?
u.s. lawmakers grill mylan ceo over epipen steep price increases
poor girl has to listen to these monkey asking her how much you make! how much does he make?
i'm very concerned about your well being
i'm ok little girl. haha you're the next
she loves me more yo
lmfaooo you woulda thought
lets start debate on monday by asking each candidate. "i want you to say something nice about your opponent or we cancel this."
i think she's far more capable of doing that than he is.
and while we're at it, let's chuck out a country album each, eh and ?
i do not support this idea.
bruh i can't believe i just watched a video of don king saying the n word &amp; donald trump laughing about it
i can believe it, tbh i was t surprised
but harm from reckless drivers is exponentially greater than harm from reckless bicycles.
&amp; in fact, most of us brooklyn bicyclists are also drivers! including me. i just don't own one bc parking/$
nothing more cowardice than an anonymous account messaging you stupid stufflittle do they know i have so many people on my side
not mas we hate you
as for your question. it is a good idea with warriors leaving to sf. demolish oracle, get investors and do it
do you think sf'ers would choose an oakland team over a sj one? (maybe if it's a "bay area" name rather than literally "oakland")
tesla keeps temp below 40c/105f by automatically venting cabin &amp; turning on ac when needed. can do this for up to a year on a full charge.
i never thought a car could do that. really impressive.
those would be fighting words to some people! i hear austin is a pretty cool place to visit from quite a few folks.
ah yes, the diamond in the rough that is austin! haha
i made a whole nola bounce mixtape under the name "hoochie boots"
woooo my ass is jigglin at the thought fjsnddjfh
would i ever? nah
i meant "ever" as in, would i sleep w/someone who has *ever* slept w/a relative. perhaps if a long time ago w/a distant relative
same thing honestly. "one true way" thinking is toxic.
besides. dealing in absolutes is also a slippery slope. isn't your statement imposing your view on others as well?
white collar?
love white collar you may also like the us program leverage or the uk program hustle :)
nah my internet must just be lagging or something idk it says your 4 barring
inv me don't let that shit lag like that again
at least it wasn't trump...
too true!! crazy bastard...
this was from the same show dumbass it's a old picture
you either wear that shirt every day or have 7 of them 1 for each day of the week
if your love sick from being away from me, i understand. i know the cure to fix it
how'd you know that's exactly what it is miss you too much
q1: so spill the beans! are you a closet ?!
a1: we just got into using binoculars (kiddie ones) but i being able to have a different activity to do too
fbi opened previous inquiry into bombing suspect rahami - abc news - via
how did he get into the country. what attorney helped him get in. look at that. it's the immigration attorneys
happy bday pretty girl!!
awh thank you :)
well it's not my fault i was in the middle of an argument
ur always in the middle of an argument. even when we do speak u have her on the phone!
app don't work. i haven't gotten any reservations since yeezy came out.
lol same here. 20 secs and it's gone
this was posted directly after commenting on toms gofundme link saying "it hit the goal why is it still up" i will powerbomb u
i bet this person owns
well, you know what they say about assumptions.
you know what they say about ocd busybodies more happy to talk about how to do things than get things done
reports of an explosion-like noise in queens near jfk. we're trying to track down the source. via
defiantly heard and felt something at jfk
do you prefer alw to sondheim? bernadette's mama rose over patti's? respond to this with your hottest, most controversial theater take.
the london recording of secret garden is superior in a lot of ways. most ways.
it was soooo bad. but i also realized what fun home meant the other day
fun(eral) home
binge watching past couple of days. so appalling how things were back then
pablo escobar was the 7th richest guy in the world at one point
i'm all for it if they can actually get somewhere though my common sense says it's doubtful and just for press.
i'm actually kind of optimistic. i don't think anyone spends $3 billion just for the press
loretta scott: only video public can see is the one on facebook. when can the public see the other footage?
ciminelli: there are three hours of video. what has to be reacted? unable to give specific timeframe. as soon as it's feasible.
to anyone defending out/milo because "journalism," this is a magazine that mostly puts muscely straight guys on the cover b/c they are hot
all of a sudden they are the new york times, telling the big stories regardless of politics? give me a fucking break.
best practices vs minimal practices of care based on environment available. great question from
great answer from the golden rule of development is context!!
so what do you think about my feed then? not allowed?
except for cuz his feed is dope i think he's talking about gross promotional graphics on ig cuz ew
did you know foursquare is an official sponsor of ? tap to search participating dine out restaurants.
you guys have really made an app that is beautiful, functional and easy to use. just thought to drop a line.
window regulators and some other trim issues with the doors
ah. window regulators are a pain. how easy was it to remove the glass?
this is a fiftwen minute walk from me im shook
omg lily he is so close to you
like a dunkin donuts in the subway
more roo to move in the subway. also, just kidding. i was in a line to wait in line for a taxi.
he never stated that bonb crime had anything to do w the killings. he said they both need to stop. you might want to rewatch
i saw the clip. he did that is why he is talking about it.
we did about 45 min of racquetball last night and my body is sore but none of my problem areas hurt (feet/knees/lower back). love that sport
it took me a long time to find a cardio workout i didn't hate (running, cycling, dance aerobics, etc) but i finally did &amp; it's amazing
today in 1970, a's rookie vida blue previews his dominant '71 mvp season by firing a no-hitter in just his 8th majo...
intimidated by harmon killebrew, he walked him 4 straight balls.
i love wearing black but i always get asked "how many pets do you have?" 'cause i always have pet hair on me.
aww lol i would wear the fur on my shirts with pride when i used to have cats
here's video of the national anthem standoff that delayed the start of the rockies-cards game this afternoon.
my favorite baseball stunt. a rare and fantastic treat.
there's a whole disc dedicated to windows clocks in there
well, all of these size in at a hot bundle of 360 k, so it's going to be a pretty small group
ues, les, or midtown? (i'm not much help above 14th st tbh)
preferably below 14th (like everything in my life) but open to any!
my shit is still checking for sizes and availability
you took the l too? lol
trump call for expanded stop-and-frisk quickly denounced by nyc city council speaker
cops are in a bad spot currently.they are facing social trauma over what fraud wall st's responsible 4 &amp; still wont even admit!
"k" is usually short for "fuck you"
i knew that was what k meant...never liked k from the first initial
it's sad isn't it
nah bro do you. lmk when u have a cleared spot in ur schedule. i'll make an appointment
picked up a new sketch book and supplies today! tired of holding myself back from doodles when i don't have my tablet on hand x3
yay for "doodles"!
we'd love to connect with you at javaone. swing by our booth, 5601 :)
(^_^)thank you so much!!
ha ha ha rt : how to make iced coffee: take leftover coffee from morning. pour it over ice.
i don't even use the ice :)
counter: we are one hour away from day 463 of no trump tax returns. rt and spread the word.
-we need to see your tax returns trump! what are you afraid of? that they show you are broke?
there was a credible suspicious 911 cal to hq.
no shit. what did you hear? did anyone report it?
puerto rico power system collapsed. blackout began in central aguirre.
is the blackout a result of this fire?
candidates worry you. us buying $1 trillion in new nuclear weapons to destroy earth really worries me, no matter who's in charge
it's the fragility of what we've already got |..that causes me existential angst.
i really don't understand how there are 15 million active users in overwatch but it sold less than 3 million units
game sharing.
twig ass white girl probably never walked anywhere in her life which explains the underdeveloped musculature
my arm is probably thicker than her thighs
you missed under bot frameworks and deployment platforms- here's our ph link
thanks for the comment. probably there are more missing platform as well. btw the info graphic is from oraill
it took me a long time to find a cardio workout i didn't hate (running, cycling, dance aerobics, etc) but i finally did &amp; it's amazing
and everything i've ever tried chris has totally kicked my ass but i'm actually pretty good at racquetball so finally i don't feel pathetic
sucks to suck. no violations here i ordered mine at the wake up dawn
give your customers a chance ... what kind of genius are you ???
pitt-eh! nooo....we don't say eh
sorry. i'm an american. all we do is stereotypes.
my friend curtis hanson passed away yesterday. he directed too big to fail. he won oscar for la confidential. wonde...
so tough to lose a friend they are so hard to come by r.i.p
that awkward moment when it dawned on moses malone that musburger was holding him like they were dating.
probably gave him fo' seconds to remove his hand.
mengden retires first 10 men he faces before gurriel's one-out single in fourth.
was he throwing 94 when he came up the first time? i don't recall that.
historical figure or group that has inspired the best collection of films..? top 2 advance round 3 heat 3
crossing 44th street and 5th nearly get winged by a bike, and in process hit in error option below mafia.
boy my ass was schleep
cut ya damn nails
very interesting read:
as a newcomer here, i know it's important to think abt my own role in this story, and what i can do to respect&amp;preserve oakland's culture
do u see what this can says? since 1783. quality for almost 300 yrs. pains me to see trash like la croix swoop in...
all of a sudden a new brand with a french name and brilliant product branding makes its way into whole foods and suddenly seltzer is trendy
tell me why !!?
i just don't get it...is it that hard?
very true. we're proof.
cheers to that buddy
thanks! but please don't get my hopes up
i'll let you know the truth!!! how much was it online?? o:
a1 after i started hiking with kids, i found myself to be more of a birder as i had more time to watch nature closely and slow down
it's amazing how much slower it gets with the kiddos wanting to explore more on their own at their own pace
steven matz looked good in his bullpen session today, per tc, and he's on track for now for friday's start.
so that means in 15 minutes he's gonna be out for the season with elbow surgery
heyy! morning for you too yasss, let's enjoy today more games upcoming, i'm excited.
thank you buddy:) .. too bad i missed all the games today. but i am gonna watch the replay ;d
shut up you all love me
me when you pull-up
loser!!!!!!! looking forward to paying off the bet on this week's show. so, so disgusting.
either way for me it's a win win this is going to be hilarious
hope superman sleeps him
and he fights the winner of kovalev/ward in the spring
super b-day to guy lafleur, seen here enjoying a nice moment on father-daughter day - hang on, being told that's gr...
looking more and more like princess diana's long-lost twin.
there was a credible suspicious 911 cal to hq.
this morning, they evacuated times square at w42nd
somebody maintaining finder deserves a cookie for that (we noticed!)
when that landed i sent a personal thanks to the guy who did it. one of my favorite little changes.
i saw the clip. he did that is why he is talking about it.
he also has gone on rants about blm about black on black crime as if they don't give a shit about it.
this is a continual problem with my life
confession: i can't keep the chrises hemsworth, pratt, and pine straight in my mind. have to google to remember who's who.
yahoo survey says 44 percent of americans report a likelihood of shutting off nfl games should players continue to kneel for national anthem
u both should do a survey to see how people feel about the tulsa shooting or why people actually take a knee
you do realize she was talking about you... right?
too late. too lame. practice.
and everything i've ever tried chris has totally kicked my ass but i'm actually pretty good at racquetball so finally i don't feel pathetic
i played a lot of tennis when i was young so a lot of things just come back to me easily
bridge the gap between 2 cultures. how do we meet?
by supporting content creators who live that gap
the main problem farooq sattar &amp; his confidants will have is that apmso &amp; workers are still loyal to altaf hussain.
but they won't have any half decent candidates left to run on their ticket except for loyalists who are not as experienced
what if you're currently dating someone, and you find out that they used to date/mess w/one of your relatives? would that bother you?
if i/we didn't have any way of knowing it before, and my relative could be mature about it.
confession time? here's what i got. weapons of math destruction. i~open~sourced a-plot. a private di...
[the most dangerous game] *...first one ignores me, then one laughs at me, then one tries to fight m...
un chief "proud to pay political price for supporting equality: many activists pay a far higher price."...
we have an amazing leader who stands with community-proud to be champion
all of a sudden a new brand with a french name and brilliant product branding makes its way into whole foods and suddenly seltzer is trendy
ask any og seltzerhead what they think about that battery acid la croix. let's call a spade a spade; the cans are cool
never understood the dislike for this. how else am i supposed to compare scores with my friends?
scores with friends isn't the issue, actually working has been more so my concern.
i wonder how they will reflect on it afterwards, if the bad shit happens
i watched the musical assassins recently. made me feel better about the election because...
same here. did the screen change yet? its been 40 mins.-_-
no man, nothing changed yet. still reading the same two phrases.
we're so excited these zines by (tel aviv, israel) be in the int'l art of zines show &amp; sale we have com...
these look so cool
whaddayasay, ? did bill murray shank this one? the william murray golfing caps are kinda boss.
who doesn't love bill murray?
u x whateverhisnameis
no we both tops x
douthat's column was bad, i don't find sam bee's show funny and it's weird that her husband is fighting to segregate their school
it's not that "weird" (unusual) for rich new yorkers who still want their kids in "public school" to be doing that rn lol
ok i just sent an important fax. the fax machine did its stuff and then it beeped. did it send? probably, i have no idea. the worst ux
read receipts for fax, though when does it end?
i played a lot of tennis when i was young so a lot of things just come back to me easily
plus smacking the ever-loving shit out of that ball feels so goddamn good. whack, motherfuckers.
i don't get why everyone who doesn't deserve them got them reserved
to wear with their trash outfits
secrets are always safe with me. i'm a vault. ;)
- aha! i'll keep that in mind next time i need to deposit a secret.
cam newton is the zodiac killer
fodijhufgyaadsuia rt cam newton is the zodiac killer
alisan porter was the same scenario. i mean, she was great, as is billy, but the years of experience gave her a huge advantage.
yep. and i got super sick of having her shoved down my throat. so far, i like billy.
yo if you're a senior and haven't taken your senior portraits yet..dm me so i can schedule you your appointment
phhs, inde, ah, evg, yb, og, and jl only
this bugs me. the (sad?) fact is that privacy is what _some_ people want. others want ai magic, and the latter may...
afaik google is pretty good at user research; their concept of "what people want" is probably valid, you're just not in their target group.
i know! she was one of my top 3 for 4th semester. darn!
there's always at least one that gets away! post-grad!
as a newcomer here, i know it's important to think abt my own role in this story, and what i can do to respect&amp;preserve oakland's culture
right now, i want to learn as much as i can about this place and it's history, the people who live and lived here.
whats the number to text? i already know the code word, but i was laughin at the gato part!
lol it's 80787!! good luck dude!
q2: do you have any favorite apps to identify birds or birdcalls?
a2: nope! but give me all the deets
who watched my awesome tv ex-wife/evil queen, , on last night?!
you mean magdalena and robot girl were the same person?! no shit!!!!
10 years ago i thought that if i wasn't careful, i'd end up exactly like jimmy mcnulty.
now, i see i'd need to a shit-ton of luck to end up half that successful.
there's a crossfit trainer getting his oil changed at this jiffy lube that won't sit down because it doesn't burn calories. he said that.
, of course he did. *talking* about burns calories. apparently.
obviously doesn't know the diff between state &amp; federal governments. unless he plans on having the army patrolling??
i think the doj does oversee state and local law enforcement. but s&amp;f you'll remember was deemed unconstitutional
i don't know why it's lagging didn't do it on purpose
i'm really not about to sit here and play on this
we have two names to add to a long list of african americans killed by police officers. it's unbearable, and it needs to become intolerable.
what steps exactly will you take to correct this?????
what's ping
game center for music.
first set of videos nearly completed for the next magazine - day off phd to work on final...
you are brave!!! thank you xx
little girl, she has paved the way for you &amp; all women for years. show some respect for your next president...
why are people like this these days?
my current stance is focused on question of how immediately transferable scientific advances are to unethical applications.
also, the transfer is likely bidirectional: they could have used minecraft for research and still have it transferable to doom.
roberto clemente signing autographs for kids at jarry park in montreal. what a great player. what a great human bei...
had the greatest arm i've ever seen. not too shabby on offense, either.
i don't know about *just*. but yeah, i admit it.
naked as part of the crew of serenity
if we're talking benzos, i'll say yes, right up there with drinking plenty of water and using a good daily moisturizer
i've never done benzos because i'm too clean cut
i'm really not about to sit here and play on this
i jump n my character jumps 2seconds later
me when i see how people react to the new circuit. i feel bad for people not being able to adapt to new systems.
i love the new system just not the international bfl. i understand why it's the way it is, but they can't reward cash cows as such
. tells mylan ceo he isn't buying her argument. "do you have a guilty conscience about anything of this?"
no one seems to be buying her argument
ok new icon. what, you think you cute?
i was just about to tweet about his pic too.
transitioning to fall...the struggle is real
it's so elongated
thank you for getting me into photography again.
that's awesome, thank you!
i watched the musical assassins recently. made me feel better about the election because...
...1) clinton will win. but also: 2) we've had horrible, reactionary backslides before and survived.
i am not used to being this (relatively) thin. it's a weird feeling. i almost miss my gut. but only almost.
congratulations. keep it up
the time he got water ballooned from the new stand and went on like he hit with a nail bomb
keep em coming....
thats awesome!!!!! im omw
to the bender or the classes hopefully both but i'm only at soho on fridays now everything else new spot
lowest db burn rates (thru week 2) bradberry 38% claiborne 38% brandon williams 43% porter 44% mccourty 44% newman 46% c harris 46% drc 46%
janoris jenkins hasn't given up a catch for 15+ yards how is he not on this list?
why not just go to private lol
i assume partly self-image, partly just cost. but i mean, everyone wants to feel "real" here or w/e now
how much trouble would you get into if you tried to cuddle a police k-9 dog? asking.......for a friend...
ask for forgiveness not permission
rizz bone will be just fine. he's a seasoned vet and is well acquainted to locker room etiquette thanks to people like yourself.
lockeroom etiquette is cock out ten toes the fuck down mouth shut real recognize
so excited to work with and the rest of the team to build something great!
thanks man! we are equally excited : )
i just got 1 tat on my forearm, gonna continue from there
that's good though
trump call for expanded stop-and-frisk quickly denounced by nyc city council speaker
t going back2 failedkelly's mo proves he doesn't evn livehere or never walks streets ever.instead watches frm dad's sponsored twr
warning from robert kagan - gop now the supine instrument of american fascism. time to call it the us fascist party.
could there be a civil war if either candidate is elected? each side fighting for a way of life
. hid a video for almost 5 yrs. it shows a cop plant a gun on after killing him:
...now do you understand how 'significant' a deathbed confession iz in some cultures?
u know what i mean god dang it
i do. i'm just making an ancillary point, not an own. i would never try to own you, online, buddy
legit have been googling all day trying to find this hipster runoff article full of his old bro myspace pictures - i give up
i hear he enlisted the government to get them taken down
america's favorite topic now has its own network.
because nothing's better than the real thing!
feels more like a movie than an netflix tv show
lol i agree
look i deleted that tweet i'm grown i don't do the twitter shit that was just impulse you entitled to your opinion. my bad
and i don't either you know that. but you good.
the eminem verse on this gyno's hold music are super encouraging
i left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom
go flip the desk
dude it's like one of those long tables my whole table is looking at me like tf why are u sitting over there
but it does matter how the debates are moderated. trump intimidating moderators will have an effect, even if moderators deny it.
i expect/hope that hillary won't allow that.
i turned them off
you judas motherfucker
great to see more awareness around non-traditional topics.
thanks! that's what ivy ready is all about. check out a global map of our applicants
you fail and fail. then learn to succeed. mr. chad makes sure i may get beat up online but never on the street....
it looks like you get beat up in class though! just playing chris, keep punching and knocking out all the trolls.
at ? about to do a panel on ops in the time of serverless containerized webscale with &amp; friends!!
also doing book signing for "database reliability engineering" with at 6 pm in the o'reilly area, come by!!
...any update on the weekend?
none yet. hopefully tomorrow. how's the gas situation now?
she was cleared by the senate and the best investigators on the world the fbi! is mishandling and robbing hi...
not indicted is by no means cleared, extremely careless with classified docs! "scrubbed" a secret server, ??
right now, i want to learn as much as i can about this place and it's history, the people who live and lived here.
of course, i'm doing my own research. but if anyone on here knows of any good sources, send them my way!
holy shit jamal smith
i'm gonna show you how to do the tornado spin
let me clear up some lies re: racquetball. you know those movies where dudes play and have serious convos about deals/business? all bullshit
you cannot understand one fucking thing the other person is saying when you play bc of the echo in the court. it is not possible.
it's interesting, i'm trying to decide what is a canvas and what is a model, like a 2x2
if i take 's model for service cycle and make a worksheet out of it, it becomes a canvas.
ask any og seltzerhead what they think about that battery acid la croix. let's call a spade a spade; the cans are cool
product sucks
tweetbot is rad. it usually takes less than 24 hours to update when twitter changes a feature.
i've used tweetbot for years on mobile, but waited until now to use it for desktop!
so instead of focusing on the actual problem you're choosing to focus on what ray lewis has to say about it.
ray lewis is on tv i tweeted one thing about it you tweeted at me i tweeted back this convo
it is with great sadness &amp; shock to post that leonard haze, the legendary drummer, and a friend for decades, passed away in his sleep at 61.
he was the master of the 3-piece drum kit &amp; was great in the old videos -
one constant for apple over decades of ups &amp; downs is a solid base of customers (ok, fans) that always rush to buy...
apple's solid customer base also lets them release beta products (watch, new macbook, etc) and still rake in huge sales.
dust in the wind, but for dots on a map
all we are are(?!) dots on a map cc
...1) clinton will win. but also: 2) we've had horrible, reactionary backslides before and survived.
err... bad phrasing on my part! number 2 is if she doesn't win... oops.
like for what why did you hit me again do you seriously think i'm going to change my mind with that attitude????
even worse when it's a dude that has your number and texts you something and then says "k" or "guess not" when you don't reply
stop being bad at twitter and i'll reconsider
nah, my twitter's extremely good, as my vastly superior follower count proves
chipotle doesn't know how to listen bruh
i say a little bit of mild and this bitch gives me the fattest scoop
a2: i have a friend who is an ornithologist. i just text a pic, she can always identify.
so lucky to have a resource!
via , ny/nj bombings are the latest attacks carried out by a person who had been on gov't radar.
our fbi is a mess run by a clown why don't they put a agent to watch these guys 24 hrs a day
you dudes crazy to even think games relevant lol
you're stupid if doc2 wasn't the top 3 album last year, i'm not even following this beef shit wullah
fuck it, im going to fantastics as a senior
well carlos ig u gunna lose with the seniors too
wow! what kind of chicken lay that egg
whatever it is it's got a huge ass
like for what why did you hit me again do you seriously think i'm going to change my mind with that attitude????
they'll never learn
one of the gt people designed these:
no fuck that. no trigger warnings for the patriarchy. they can suck it up.
is this pun intentional?
hahaha! i'm going to say "yes" because obviously i'm that clever and it wasn't a total accident.
both jay bruce and travis d'arnaud are out of the lineup tonight.
tc has made a decision, he wants to win!!!
i swear if this like is related to the bi- prefix... ...nice.
it wasn't ... but it is.
why do people use the website ? doesn't everyone use a client?
i have a feeling we'd both be surprised by how many people would rather use the website version.
because 's campaign of hate opened the floodgates. a campaign wouldn't have looked like t...
is that who you supported first before trump won the nomination?
's style is powerful commentary on blackness in america: (by )
is the blackest thing has ever done (via )
i feel like these last few weeks twitter's community jokes have been pretty close to nightvale openers
imagine a taco truck on every corner, in every home, under every bed, breathing into your ear as you sleep...welcome to nightvale
ios 10 macos sierra. trying to be fair; did i miss anything important?
window snapping is new in sierra. new emoji are both. siri on sierra, lots of pdf improvements. kernel/coreos improvements.
we outchea... x
congrats bro
when you're bored at work
the thought of as lucille frank brings me to immediate tears
that moment when i ain't foreign
everything but you
make an official report of water waste here: thank you!
will do! there's a lot more awareness needed here.
aaaw &lt;3 that's very sweet! but don't do that haha
i know a few folks that do ps4/x1 double duty &amp; i kinda envy them. so i'm in no hurry, but if i see a deal i'll prob jump on it :p
yes, i am posting a picture of my pumpkin spice latte on social media. ;)
ha ha, aw, all i've got is this big grey cloud and he's been plagued by fleas all week so i barely see him
ohhh yeah, you too!
im pretty excited. this is going to send my sex life flying.
haha thanks! i had to defend my ig rights for a quick sec but i agree. marketers can be so tasteless
your feed is a portfolio which is different from what i'm talking about cuz eww
thanks raj. bonus points if you really finished it. it's the most words i've written since my bar mitzvah speech
i sure finished and need to read it again. it's a masterpiece!
today, in london: guy canvassing for a charity blocked my way and tried to take off my earphones so he could "talk to me for a minute".
i trust you inserted them where the sun does not shine?
i say a little bit of mild and this bitch gives me the fattest scoop
i said extra rice and she gives me a baby scoop
mrs. clinton, what is your favorite detergent for laundering money through your foundation? tide with bleachbit?
this is so creative-needed a good laugh today! trump 2016!!!!
phhs, inde, ah, evg, yb, og, and jl only
business hours are from 10:30-6 and the latest appt is at 5:30
congratulations to the september 2016 akademia music award winners!
thank you so much from billy chrissochos and ! we won best rock album!
cnn had pundits on all day saying trump lacked the 'stamina' for debates and will end up saying something 'divisive' ...that's hillary
these clowns, i mean pundits, should all thank trump. it's because of him they even have a daily job.
so what did i miss?
boobs, beer, bacon, regret. the usual.
she lost wi to sanders by 15 points. i'm told they dislike her there!
and that's post fraud 15. i am in the habit of deducting 5 points from her numbers in any primary state due to fraud
bill cosby havin' fun with jimmy fallon
ew. is that what it's called now? "having fun."?
i try to vote for least slimiest but we really only know what they allow us to know
sorry if i misunderstood. yes i do same
dawn with the potriorchs!
this amission is opolling.
are you listening ? i see an article in our future. ha
yes please with birdseed on top!
i believe it's clear that he did read your stuff and gave very specific criticisms of it.
. thanks for sticking up for me. i did read the piece. 3 times to make sure it was as shallow as i thought .
who are some good people to follow on ?
that's madd perverted bro but i'll say if u have a hot milf next door maybe
ios 10 macos sierra. trying to be fair; did i miss anything important?
the list of bugs marked "feature" for sierra overflows the query i ran (capped at 2000), but most are small/behind scenes
you cannot understand one fucking thing the other person is saying when you play bc of the echo in the court. it is not possible.
especially when the ball is hitting the wall/racquets. so all those 80s movies where men talk serious business during games lied to us.
live photos are dumb. they're like gifs, but take ergonomic effort to play. only apple.
they accrue value over time. i constantly revisit old memories on my commute home
you are what now?
shook is slang for "scared to look" lupita's outfits are so beautiful that her light burns our eyes. "shook"
retweet because all i want in life is to be a guest judge on .
i'm % behind this idea please !!!
curtis mayfield at making me cry. that and the italian cured meats sammich, which is boffo with hot peppers
"move on up/to your destination"
so,yesterday i tripped, and fell right on my shoulder, causing it to pop out of place for a second.i couldn't get up, i was in so much pain.
holy smokes! glad it popped out only briefly because you would've had a 2nd shock when a doctor would've pop it back into place!
coming up on !
will be listening on my way home shout out hi nanci
he probably said that because he always lose vs villains..i guess he blame it all this time because his not tall neither
this coming from the guy who got killed by 2nd form cell.
anytime. i honestly use headphones 5 times as much since making jump to bluetooth. we'll see how these new ones are
i got some bluetooth headphones yesterday, these are way better than using regular ones. great call.
team harvey all day jessica the goat suits forever
donna the boss!
we outchea... x
you deserve the best
not necessary here. prop glass fully up, drill rivets. throw everything rivet-related away &amp; install new with bolts
oh nice! not to hard then.
this guy i sat next to is cleaning his feet with a rag and i feel bad moving bc i don't wanna hurt his self esteem
i literally moved n this bitch next to me starts cleaning her feet too .. bye
that's true. at long as you can hit that rhythm, it's all possible!
i know. i heard that genzoman used a bamboo tablet before. and hes amazing. like jesus christ
again remove this nigga from philly.. he is no longer needed lol old broke dude
he always so bitter
yes you are a good
wow i would like one and exactly one beer please
ok some one already checked this dude and lies. system worked unless you talking oj and ray. ..then they mad.
the system has failed so many times. how many people are in jail for pot, or took a plea deal. what are you talking about?
not to brag but i started that dream casting and it's the best thing i've ever done. she's the perfect lucille.
i spend so much time thinking about bright star and carrie that i'm stunned it never crossed my mind but bless you my child
so many dudes love white chocolate mochas
the double entendre is strong.
i agree that your cute
thank u cute pointy pizza friend
hmm, have you seen what timothy hutton did before that? nero wolfe. that's a rather neat detective series.
ooh i'll look into that one
why not? that douchebag appears in hillary attacks ads
brian, thanks for the laugh! very funny!
alsspirit, this tool calls me ricky too. lol. i wanna be ricky!! i'm ricky!!!
this is coming from a guy who twitter account is dedicated to balls
who doesn't enjoy a good dad joke
savages, that's who!
i don't support any , i'm just saying with any of the other noms we wouldn't have this ugly of a race
that is correct
reading, studying and volunteering isn't going to change the government, we all have to give up everything and start fresh
give up what do u suggest would help
honestly, yeah. internally now, externally later????
definitely the right choice, covers all the bases
face tough task of holding down ground attack
murray. henry. walker. i don't want to watch.
100 percent chance wilmer flores, friends fan, came up with the idea
maybe he'll go into the map.
"move on up/to your destination"
bon appetite!
no one gets between a mamma and her babies
. ck this :)
you right since it's a frequent hustle,on a daily basis, not an occasional one like a yeezy release. thanks for reminding me lol
what y'all talking bout
ah, so, apparently when you create a new firebase app you're now creating a new google cloud project?
some firebase products run on gcp, like firebase storage. you also don't need a service account for node unless...
you arent arrogant. when i was a kid i saw you at a billy joel show @ shea . you were so open to talking to me and my dad
always wanted to thank you!
when i was a kid i thought the black market was a physical location one went to fill up their shopping cart from a bazaar of illegal wonders
and dark, very very dark. transactions by candlelight.
you didn't ?!
no man i was rushing to get there. and i'm mad i left early
one of the more striking themes on : "you won't believe people waited this long to get this checked out"
here is another "you won't believe someone waited this long to get this checked out" [graphic]
getting back to good eating,no booz/soda, and lots of sleep starting tomorrow. maybe get some situps into the mix every morning and night.
push ups help too!
if you come we gotchuuu !
we? nahh... you! don't bring this burden to ya chapter lmao
in other news, patsy's in hell because of a man. continues to be intensely relatable.
that is the most damon hellstrum thing ever i swear to god
so great to meet you yesterday igor!
likewise, charlotte!
i'm in sales, and i blow out my quota every month. he who sells doeth as he pleases :)
then you can appreciate that i took the initiative to ask ;) 'sforclosers
don't be a victim of there are those who have forgotten you supported them way before the
. ck this :)
white people want to live around white people so of course they view immigration as a quality of life issue
for a lot of white people, you don't have to go back many generations to find immigrant ancestors who were a "quality of life issue"
some firebase products run on gcp, like firebase storage. you also don't need a service account for node unless...
you need to do token verification or custom token minting.
big money's influence &amp; the realities of citizens united are on full display. demand reform now:
anything up w/ ur investigation ? would b awesome 2 find out what happened @ 120k voters!
ohhh. let's say it's a close relative and it was less than 5 years ago
i think i'd need to figure a few things out. but if i really liked the girl, i would still consider it.
but if you got a bf/gf why not just inform them?
cause i ain't got time for their morals interfering with my cheating.
one of the more striking themes on : "you won't believe people waited this long to get this checked out"
here is another "you won't believe someone waited this long to get this checked out" [graphic]
2016 has been pretty trash for media gigaom dies mode dies layoffs at ibtimes ibd, etc :/
and that's not evening mentioning the scary new precedent set by peter thiel...
black community ought to love that
when they say he's reaching out to the black community, it means telling them what white people think they need to hear.
:"our current policy should help move the economy toward our goals of maximum employment and price stability."
yellen is dreaming the interest rates must be raise to 5% than savers will have extra money to spend &amp; the economy will tak off
in related news, i'm *exhausted*
in related news, 8am mimosas!
getting sick of gma pushing the trump family in our faces. what happened to equal time?
got an on / off switch? now there's a thought
the situations in tulsa and charlotte are tragic. we must come together to make america safe again.
trump, just go fuck yourself. you're a piece of shit that loves tragedy for political gain.
for a lot of white people, you don't have to go back many generations to find immigrant ancestors who were a "quality of life issue"
point being, the hypocrisy is disgusting
i really couldn't imagine living in 2016 and thinking without a shadow of a doubt that frank ocean is better than the weeknd
jesus what is wrong with you
y'all r scammers and i respect that
they announced ye was performin @ they lil festival then put tickets on sale then aftr people copped they said it aint happening. joanne who
sorry that i wasn't following ya i'm leo from today's lunch!!! it was so nice meeting you!
no worries, it was great getting to meet ya!!!
knew i could rely on you elizabeth
i saw all but the first phantasm in the movies. i can't wait to see the last work of angus scrimm....
my mans was killing it on the left
he was killing the game!
when we do 'ask a ho again, like 2 have come thru instead of csec. it's for working pros.
i hope you can pull that off. sadly, as with weed legalization, cops often just don't want to hear it.
this is how bad things have gotten for . someone actually posted a meme that asks for d.j. hayden to s...
this is why i hate everyone when i meet them until they prove me wrong
oh but unnecessary because of point 1, right? right??
yes exactly! i totally messed that up, which is why i can never hold public office
sandy hook truthers may be the only nutjobs more vile than 9/11 truthers.
i bet there's a lot of overlap in that venn diagram.
his arm just looks so fucking smooth i would also awkwardly massage my bicep if i were him
his hands drive me insane. so incredibly sexy...and now my kink is expanding to his arms
for a lot of white people, you don't have to go back many generations to find immigrant ancestors who were a "quality of life issue"
my point being, the hypocrisy is disgusting
what californians have: in n out what new yorkers have: memes, jayz, chopped cheese, real bagels, chill ass rats,and chopped cheese
we got water
doug frobel looks like he's seen a lot of shit for a rookie.
looking a lot like madison bumgarner, too.
rehabilitating violent offenders is possible. why aren't we doing it? via
...what is the first step in the process
don king and his intro of donald trump...is this presidential election really happening???
what is up with his vagina lips in the background?
but means "included" a complete ords installation as well? or do you need your own web server to run ?
it's all in there. see
i webscaled so hard i ran in to a container with at
oh "you're like a walking rainbow!" "of doom." with my co-panelists
i'm taking these freshman college courses with all 18 year olds and i'm 22. yet, no one can tell because i have such a baby face.
i was the same way since i joined the army after hs. when i came back i was a 21-22 year old freshman ^_^
help i've got a new classroom and it came with a broken printer! what model is it &amp;what do i need todo?
hi jonathan! it's an . feel free to call us at (949) 478-2933. one of our technicians will assist you .
is this performance art
this goes in the book for why ceos should have their wealth redistributed
the same type of person would clap when the plane lands
when they gang up on a girl :///
we'll be at tomorrow's ! come stop by say hello to fall with us!
can't wait!!
i already bought a ticket to the one near me but i'm also talking to somebody about buying their lpl ticket
what's the one near you?
disingenuous is a much too generous descriptor.
i feel you. it's gross.
is that you ?
lol. you need to get your eyes check abeg.. :-)
cannot wait to be here and hopefully find time to pop into this fine bar for a drink!!!!
hope to see you cheryl.
who's balls? what?
i see you changed your banner pic and bio just like ricky
trump in crazy 2011 interview: "i'm very proud" to be a birther
the nuts 2011 radio interview that explains why trump can't just drop birtherism
please the only job she only worked is for her con artist daddy
so you jealous ?
fbi direct says he covers his webcam - and that you should too via
...we wear a bandana over 1/2 our face
gizmodo spells "mclaren" wrong every single time in this post
yah we did. corrected (and embarrassed)
it's what i do, ma'am. 8 years &amp; still waiting for obama's utopia that never came, but somehow criminal hillary will provide lol
so it was all fault. the do nothing congress since 2010 had nothing to with stopping progress right? unbelievable!
feds everywhere bc kids want to leave school now well isnt this great
and teachers aint showing up
how are y'all gonna type lol and not say what the joke is
just @ me fool
i thought he didn't break tackles? no vision?
he definitely improved a lot
happy survivor day!
where's our fantasy league rock??!
just a quick heads up; it's mclaren, not mcclaren.
yup, fixed. embarrassed. thanks!
are the evil flowers good for anything or am i just crazy?
no they lower your sanity
shut the fuck up
he is beautiful and so so sweet
so happy for my girl for getting the bid she wanted
love you sm!!
wow she's heated
calmed now though.
on twitch! in the description of all of my videos haha
well then lol. i'll be there
he is who he is. i think ms is being clear that their console will be a native 4k machine - i dont think they...
when you have articles like dave pushing does xbox have a choice ? lol gotta laugh
jesus i did not prepare myself for all of this walking
if jesus walked on water and you bouta put him in your tweet about walking, you better get to steppin
this effect is going to drive me batty; the *foreground* would be blurry were this true shallow depth-of-field. loo...
all the photos i've seen look obviously post processed to someone who's shot w/ a nice lense.
you were the first person that came to mind but you're far af
*cries in the city sober*
haven't seen either! i'm gonna try the us because it was filmed nicer lol
oh yeah. and honestly between william c macy, emmy rosum, and jeremy allen white the cast kills it
who is us president barack obama most likely to pardon for transmitting classified documents or other crimes toward the end of his term?
killary of course. he has to save his legacy which will be in president trump's toilet!
who's that qt
fuckin leo pic
go courtside with community manager to learn about the new gameplay updates coming to
oh snap! an reference in the latest courtside episode ?!?
a poke bowl for the gods.
oh wow i want to have this in my face at all times of every day
are you mad cause you got exposed for calling multiple guys ricky?
exposed what bitch please
update: this start up is currently supporting me and another person full time!. crazy!!!
i really like seeing the difference in dates. doesn't happen over night.
why does think anyone wants to watch comedy and news programs in ?
i have gearvr. it's basically 90s cd-rom "experiences" all over again. huge new tech but noone knows what to do with it.
hi, are you looking to replace the scooter you mention with the benz in your recent tweet? : )
nice one. my scooter fits all cars.
expire knocked loose stray &amp; styg in nyc
nah i wasn't planning on it. i haven't been to the city for a show in a long time actually hahah
dishonored 2 is having an event where u can play the game early and win prizes and eat themed food im screaming
im 100% skipping class for this i'll see yall in hell
but to your comment, how about the golden state raiders sc?
idk about adapting raiders directly, but i would not be surprised at all if a "sf bay fc" or some such rolled thru
for all the talk of hillary going to jail, it seems like should be a lot more worried about whether he ends up there.
from your pink, furry lips to god's ear.
we're not just whining when we say we can't figure it out anymore. we really can't. firebase used to be easy to use!
what says is true. if you're just using the database it's nearly the same api with a different initializer.
when will you have batch caption, tagging of photos? it's overwhelming and time consuming doing photo by photo.
if you use lightroom, you can caption and tag there, and retain on upload. /cc
if people are coming from hot beds of terrorism where that exists, we better be able to vet those people- thank u for saying it
the usa should not let any people from those countries in hell with vetting it is that simple
nice ! what'd you end up with? always in the market for new ones. give it a couple weeks too, you'll never turn back
a $25 ayl pair, don't really trust myself not to lose expensive ones
well...no secret they're building a car and from what i hear, mclaren might be the most streamlined (low capital) investment
apple has categorically denied all of it. we'll see...
, i don't talk to some of you, but i put you there anyways (i'm v sorry if i forgot you)
hottest one there bye jkjk
hey emailed you asking for some career advice! not sure if it went through
let me check. been super slammed lately
just saw a woman walking down fulton with a full glass of white wine in one had and the rest of the bottle in the other. you go glen coco
a literal million for you
this new theme is pretty rad- it's free too!
still won't download for me
nyt: "it's not too late for mr. mccrory to come to his senses and take the only way out - admit ignorance and error and repeal the law."
to quote philosopher carole king "well it's too late baby..."
therefore trump was funneling personal money into a charity used for personal reasons and dodged taxes w/ it.
and dodging taxes is a no no
october time whoop!!
maybe catch a game
a query: what the hell does a former soviet spy have to do with connecticut?
i mean, they made patsy go to alaska and put blue marvel in nebraska- they didn't care
titans g chance warmack is having finger surgery and headed to ir.
warmack likely a flexor tendon that bends the finger. 3mnths+ rtp
bc you fine af &amp; he wanted to look @ ur ass
you're too kind
it was beautiful frederick &amp; finally i can sit on my balcony after the tree surgeons sorted out the massive tree protruding onto it
glorious views!
i'm swiping but nothing is showing up
send me some so i can try thx
...they took shots at upscaled 4k. ots not like they said "native 4k will make you a better gamer" or ...
yep media including dave really made a big deal out of 900p vs 1080p
q3: what is your most favorite thing about ?
a3: as a newb, i hope for it to be an activity the kids will ask about like they do w/geocaching or making mud pies
that would be fire,
that's what i'm saying, trying to speak it into existence.
take your b.i off f.b . not a soul needs to know how you move
lmfao u so right. let me get on that
you wearing your stewie pajama pants to the next day wave?
i don't own em
i'll watch even though i dislike juan williams! you make him palatable. (kim, eric, and greg try)
i find him difficult to watch-he is so pro liberal and never objective.
this thread will be around for a while, i've got a hunch
i've got two hunches.
they are literally the same exact thing just different ends
that's what we call horseshoe politics
"big z" is always spot on.
that game didn't matter and lets not bring up halak vs hank we all know how that goes
we want to take you behind the scenes of twitter for business , what would you like to see?
have another idea? tell us!
i've had so many arguments with editors over the years re: readers are not as ignorant as you are/you think they are.
seems there is a contingent in every field that believes the consumer is incapable of analysis.
the best example being: they give same importance and coverage to minor clinton issues to balance trump's constant bigotry.
amazing how after being in the limelight for over 30 yrs is suddenly 1/2
yea. screw them, they know what they are doing.
such a solid argument. it could be used to defend any deck or card from banning. bring back dtt,drs and tc
start 1 min in to this video. there's the solution.
nah, i'm saying it's so much work and possible headaches for 3 people to see a live stream. not worth it at all.
in ny. i don't think it went all the way up to the supreme court
prob. i don't wanna google r n lmao but regardless like its just mad reasons why its a no
i had to say it bro
i feel that but it's not worth it. not like beating her ass gonna undo it, then you could get locked
why does every european train feel like the track was leveled with a laser?
becase proper tax policy.
"distributed ledger -- another lit movement -- is the new bae of fintech."
"come cloud compute and chill with x's new platform, launched today"
then all these kids are a reminder that all of my 7 abortions were good investments.
you're def getting blocked.
's utter lack of knowledge or experience or solutions would be bad enough. but what he's actually doing...
ignorance is no excuse for the law.
thought this was a drawing of mgs5 era ocelot at first glance.
i have no idea what taht is *^*
i have the whole day off in san francisco tomorrow. what should i do?
california academy of sciences in golden gate park, they have a rainforest and an albino alligator, what more do you need?
thanks i kinda needed that i'm feeling down ,the kid at christmas who ask all i want are my two front teeth
so am glad i was able to help.
do not text me right now or i will punch you
i got 4 texts and was real upset but played it cool, too cool.
there is no way i can make a video about the special report today, so i'm taking my time and will go in depth tomorrow when the pts is live.
a lot of big changes
does this mean u agree w me? let's protect bianca
she needs no protecting, she is fierce
hey amelia, can you meet with paula?
at the booth.
have you tried eating jack fruit? this tree is in chiang mai (credit )
l cooked one of these recently! can't wait to try one from a tree in thailand in dec!
huh... for some irrational reason, that makes me less excited about creating a new firebase app... :-/
firebase has features that run on gcp, like firebase storage which runs on gcs.
anyone upgraded to sierra yet? seeing any issues? wondering if it's going to fk my web dev set up?...
tabs in sketch is kind of amazing
lmao. good one!! i might consider that!! nahhh nigga too broke hahaha. but who knows i might go back to using apple products
i mean it's not being broke if the bills are getting paid! you're handling your business
wants to visit them, too. no longer. criminal a&amp;/" holes now.
makes you mad, right? my family came from germany. i'll never get to visit there.
hey nyc!! tomorrow will be madison store 3.30pm come say hi! first 20 in line join me in photo booth, che...
is balfe going to be there?
you better believe it!
have you had a chance to receive ivy ready evaluation?
cut-off was 'slam winners :) kei is 14-5, borg: 27-6, agass:27-21, sampras: 33-15, connors: 27-15
that's why i was depressed after us open 1980, borg lost 1st and 2nd sets, and it went to the 5th
q3. slowing down! it's the perfect hobby for all generations - kids and grandparents.
yes multigenerational.
why do girls fuck guys who won't go down on them? love yourself. don't settle.
": why do girls fuck guys who won't go down on them? love yourself. don't settle." i love this man!! preach!
fuck frisbees man
i need to know the story behind this
i misss you baby i need to go visit you too
yassss, you guys needa come over! me &amp; ilse were saying we wanna go again but spend the day w you guys
please stop stealing my poetry and stating that it's your own i've worked really hard on 1000+ of them
plagiarists suck
now who's going to clean up?
man you need some nyc pizza desperately
i feel that but it's not worth it. not like beating her ass gonna undo it, then you could get locked
so you just gonna be the god nigga on my shoulder telling me to do the right thing? i fuck with it
are you at the booth? i probably won't go.
no excuses, you are coming
the best example being: they give same importance and coverage to minor clinton issues to balance trump's constant bigotry.
referred to as a bigot. started hen he started running against the bitch. coincidence???? idiot!!2/2
it used to be so easy. now it's a total mess :'(
would love to hear your experience and how we can improve. it seems that you're mostly having a docs issue.
with the crew we have on offense, no reason why we can't run the table
need more pressure on the qb. d-line is really young unfortunately...
from at emory career fair 'confidence is key when approaching employers.'
so true! thanks for stopping by, natalie.
the chipotle tabasco is lit. i go off at chipotle.
wait u live in la and u go to chipotle!?
..."1080p 60fps or give me death". its just "interesting" what he chooses to point out. but its his choice.
how can i take this guy seriously lol pushes agenda one day, switches up the next.
my second favorite soccer player is younger then me like 5 years younger then me
in 11 days he is going to be 6 years younger then me :scream:
good lord.... bacon? so vegetarians don't fit in with american values? or is that just a jab at islam?
i only had a 140 characters to work with. ugh. fyi,everywhere else vegetarians are poor ppl that can't afford meat.
this girl just hit me in the face w her backpack
the makeup on my face rn is worth way more than her stupid bag
so this is how make her awesome slides - hand drawn on ipad pro!
that's a skill i really admire, wish i could do that!
song title? lyric, at least
just reality unfortunately
what kind of injury is it? lisfranc? how devastating is it?
yes. lisfranc likely. fix w plates n screws ~8wks rtp
i do try to get things done. for example, here's how win95 disk 2 gets written to by setup:
hooorraayyyyy
i couldn't narrow down my choices for the three characters meme because even without frank there are four leads in always sunny.
i hope this means two things 1) it's always is actually set in the dcu 2) you are drawing it
- thanks for coming in and love s/o too! stay a while ok?
no prob. keep up with the free food and you won't have to beg lol
new : colorado voters believe legal marijuana good for the economy.
fact: it is good for the economy
doc, could this bother him in future years?
years from now, can lead to arthritis
whenever a progressed planet moves to the 29th* (especially sun, moon, ascendant) it will be a noticeable time of change and new beginnings.
cool beans! my prog. jupiter aquarius, in 6h. (opposing my ac leo), going over natal dc.
thanks lovely
i can't wait til next month daphne have a beautiful day sis much love to you babe happy hon
how is it, being new to york?
no! i live in new york city! of the united states of america, perhaps you've heard of it, in the hit broadway show hamilton!
yeah, let's not bring up halak vs hank. dang, whose got the far better resume? let me think...
too bad he's been stuck at the same crappy job forever
i'm sorting out my clothes for fall and i just realized i have 5 leather jackets and 4 bomber jackets all in different colors. wtf
help pls. i need a personal stylist to expand my wardrobe pls. i wear the same shit
is hillary clinton healthy enough for the presidency? click here to take the poll now:
of course she is. she has obamacare, she'll be just fine!
i have the whole day off in san francisco tomorrow. what should i do?
have some grub at the
you leave every time i win a round lmao you weren't even lagging last round u bursted me
that round i wasn't then the next round i was
this isn't tech
life is tech, tech is life
it's all about promoting islam and sharia. that's all it is!!!
please stay in your bunker
all women are suffering by virtue of having to deal with men amirite
of course your wife would like this tweet
my doctor: your torso says you're 4'11" but your legs say you're 5'7" me: am i short or tall doc: you're 5'3"
same i feel your pain
coming up on !
looking forward to it. could juan tone down his hatred for all things republican &amp; try 2 be more objective? please?
you gave a racist shit like milo a fucking platform? fuck you, fuck your magazine, and fuck your whiteness.
they're literally a whole mess and they don't care.
can't figure out how to get ableton from old laptop to new laptop sos anyone got a dl or somethin
i bought it so can't it be installed on multiple computers? i'm not great with this stuff so please advise
everyone waiting for you mr
won't get in until tomorrow morning unfortunately enjoy!
finally!-interviewers are so impressed with conway's professionalism that they give her a pass, but not burnett (th...
~ (1.) saw douche boris epshteyn w/chris matthews. chris looks constipated &amp; pained talking to him. why have trump trolls ...
so you just gonna be the god nigga on my shoulder telling me to do the right thing? i fuck with it
lmao facts and dex gonna be on the other shoulder
q4: what the biggest challenge when with kids?
a4: when we hear or see birds, my littlest gets super excited and wants to find more (complete with sound effects)
next tweet is gunna be a too faced giveaway
pick me this time
omg. i just discovered that i can do this. right. which is your favourite of the first 4 robert e mcginnis covers?
anansi boys - resembles late 1960s sleaze pulp (not that it is, but still...)
it got too memey
you are what you tweet
i have a simply pizza dough recipe: flour, water, yeast, salt. can i swap for "gluten free flour" and have it come out just as good?
from a friend who has celiacs.
you were exposed by others before me. lots.
really please show me where dude your fucking dumb
remember when obama was in hot water for campaigning with reverend wright, who famously kicked a man in the head un...
exclusive: did bill ayers write obama's books? we know that he curbstomped a bookie in '66 for shorting his vig
lots of old movies are being made into new shows this season. which one will make your onepass cut?
macgiver was a tv show, not a movie.
still writing this (intentionally provacative) talk i'm giving in two days.
no, the"owl"ate our souls in commerce and it wasn't cute&amp; fuzzy.hope you explain after it we'll b facing seizing prod&amp;distr
ello might still exist.
it does, because they scored a big series a right before everyone realized it was stupid
. brought up the fact that heather bresch's mother strong-armed some school districts into purchasing the
she is letting her have it and im loving it
is it worth?
heck ya, get walking dead season 1 and 2
i'm a good person through and through
i will testify to this.
having one of those days where i feel like i have nothing to wear
ok i'm good now i went shopping lol
phhs, inde, ah, evg, yb, og, and jl only
mp as well lol sorry
is this going to be an rts?
it was a resource management space sim on facebook some years ago called lucky space
i don't hate the giants, so i'm hoping they stop the shenanigans and make it to the playoffs. shh, don't tell other a's fans.
lol.. my boyfrjend us a diehard giants fan..so shhh that i am rooting for the cubs.
feeling at home surrounded by bot enthusiasts at demo day. thanks to and
how is it? give me cliff notes, couldn't make it :)
yessss now ! how much you make is your business . all they need to see is pics &amp; links to your show .
lmfao that shit was getting likes way too fast smh they was on it
read a book while walking today felt great
love doing this
i want to be a professional tweeter.
watch out, i'm coming for your job.
founder crush (with badass interviewer )
. founder crush on - i so agree.
spotify plays...
the world needs to hear this before i die
doin' stuff
what kind of car is that?
this is just basically admitting that he was using the foundation as a personal slush fund to avoid taxes. insane.
and probably thought he would never get caught.
pacquiao won a robbery against marquez and got outboxed by erik morales but still got awarded the fighter of the decade.
thats the bullshit it should have been mayweather
you were exposed by others before me. lots.
exposed?!?
"is your refrigerator running?"
well you better go " in the kitchen" and check!
i'm going to come in every thursday with a riddle. whoever is the first to get it right gets....the satisfaction of knowing they're clever.
now it's an official
but yes, i know, no one will care...
yup. don't care.. but.. the antenna is blurry when it should not be. (apple calling it 'portrait' mode is really key)
corey lewandowski was paid $20,000 by donald trump's campaign two months after he was hired by cnn
cory was fired,but his original contract stipulates he gets paid till the end of the year.djt honoring the contract
-politifact/tampabay times endorsed/donate to hrc -google "selection bias" enjoy that narrow-minded bubble!
for such a "biased" site, they seem to track both true and false statements. but that would constitute a
i've taken more naps these past two weeks then i took all year last year
bull. you stayed sleeping! every time i call or facetime you be putting me on "do not disturb"
what crappy job? the one he's getting paid millions to do? when it comes time to pay tavares, we'll talk.
2 more years at $5.5 million
here i am wearing the experimental rig described in the lead to my feature on doppler labs' here one earbuds....
it looks good on you.
nicely done with the lotr reference, &lt;butt pat&gt;
stop then butt pats. you're setting women back years.
find you one who looks at colleges in your town but also is willing to do this
does anyone have any info hmu
as long as u don't become a gay lifestyle guru
shit scrap the whole thing
not just racism. revolting anti-semitism of bannon-inspired alt right trump enthusiasts, boosted by donald jr suppo...
all trump's kids except baron are married to or dating jews all grandchildren are jews. israel supports trump and vice versa!
things don king has called donald trump as of 2:29 p.m.: - "doctor of humanness" - "the only gladiator" - "a spirit" - "a john the baptist"
wonder what trump has on don king
lol everything isn't a conspiracy and everything wouldn't be recorded for your *photographic evidence*
and i should sit here and listen to shit from a pornographic site, why? please exit left. thanks!
came across this &amp; cracked up bc they could've got looking less high
lmfao!!!!! right wtf
-john *3 chefs spit it out* lol i'm dyinggggg
bahahaha omg dead
really? that's what you chose to comment about?!?
too many things to comment on in just 140 characters
it'll be nice if they take advantage of people's anger about their beloved teams leaving but i'm with you eurosnobs will win
maybe if it takes awhile, winds will change &amp; trends will switch. i sense we're at an inflection point with the euro-fc aesthetic
hillary clinton blows $50 million on anti-trump ads in august - drops 10 points in polls via
it's not nice to mess with future president trump
i have tried to get interesting release notes for about a year now... &amp; know
oh i know that battle so well...
is that a thing?
found one last night. surrounded me in a bubble like barrier and then had boncing mines pop out &amp; kill me
another little-known fact. connie mack devised uzr and defensive runs saved on an ibm adding machine.
remember vin grew up in ny as a giant fan. wonder if sf will give him the good bye he deserves .
ask ya brother what he's cooking.
something for his wife foh
if i was doing a quantum leap reboot movie &amp; couldn't get backula back i'd got for ruffalo as dr. becket
actually shit, how about ruffalo as becket &amp; rdj as al for a quantum leap movie?
-politifact/tampabay times endorsed/donate to hrc -google "selection bias" enjoy that narrow-minded bubble!
"narrow-minded bubble" to one cites daily caller, drudge, trusts breitbart &amp; a candidate cozy with infowars.
do you prefer alw to sondheim? bernadette's mama rose over patti's? respond to this with your hottest, most controversial theater take.
the music man is awful
perfect illusion 2016. single by lady gaga
go the fuck off loco
i saw 1, 2, &amp; 3 on dvd in a charity shop on holiday a few weeks ago, but hadn't got any money on me.
i hate when that happens. i need to see them all again, maybe get them on bluray.
pres and mrs obama don't wait for marine to get back in position as they step off marine one returning from un/nyc...
they heard trump re-instituted stop &amp; frisk back in the city
men r the worsttt
no that's aaron burr
finally!-interviewers are so impressed with conway's professionalism that they give her a pass, but not burnett (th...
(2.) why aren't the hillary supporters on as much? the head of msnbc biased or what?
new airplane / travel / poolside reading arrived today. taking a break from skymall ... ...
cramer's addiction is underweight cocaine and hookers and overweight in intelligence and markets
-politifact/tampabay times endorsed/donate to hrc -google "selection bias" enjoy that narrow-minded bubble!
so right back atcha, puddin'.
me too!! heather bresch is a slimeball. rt : she is letting her have it and im loving it
and the connection with her mother trying to get it into schools. wow
i hope barca lose again.
why u hating on barca so much, ek? :(
this is why i think $etsy can work- $amzn already tried to "amazon" them, half-heartedly, and it didn't work.
i'm applying the same logic to grpn
maybe if it takes awhile, winds will change &amp; trends will switch. i sense we're at an inflection point with the euro-fc aesthetic
(which, incidentally, makes me worried that rbny will "get it" right as it's going out of style.)
mine too ... does that mean it over with
dunno but i'm about to give up unless adidas sends me a batteryboost
bts podcast and uncut podcast now available to patrons
bts is a lot like behind the counter of star bucks. i don't care how either are made i just want my stuff
new low: disgraced dem anthony weiner sorry after texts to 15-year-old revealed
what a perv
how do you tell someone who is so different from you that you unironically want to know every little thing about them without being creepy
do it anyway.
no, not me. i'm a west coast girl.
ok.there's married cpl in s. carolina, i blv, train dogs, tht go4 $200,000 each somtms!! bt, dogs r phenomenal
oh, my god...it's like tim burton created a nightmare in puppet form.
with some aggressive punning
i actually screamed when his hands were playing the piano on the big projectir screen at my show "it zoomed on his...
oh god...i would die if they do that at my show. death by tyler's hands.
for 6-8, literary essays combine elements of argument and information. is there a good blended rubric for this?
ahhhh someone wrote one up let me see if i can find it in the abyss of gmail archive
breaking: neighbors for better bike lanes drops ppw lawsuit, blames it all on hillary clinton.
this is an indeed incredible "cry-baby" press release. "we were right, but we can't win. boo-hoo!" wow.
right . . i was like damn they see the amount &amp; liking it lol
lmfaoooo right!! i'm like wait this mf never liked any of my other shit
so what do you all think of brett eibner? full time player? potential?
yes, like him. but we actually have alot of good young players. will be really interesting next year. canha &amp; fuld also come back
the one on the left gets me sandwiches and the one on the right makes sure i always have a cold beer. *sniff*
now that is what i call friends!
post reportedly appears on woman's twitter account after her dismembered body found
little girls, young women being raped &amp; murdered throughout the country. who's raising these maniacs. what's wrong with the u.s
looks like i've got a writing partner now, buddy
you inspired me
its funny how burke ramsey spoke just at the same time that tv show indicated that it was probably him
let jonbenet rip whoever did it did. they will have to face almighty god when the time comes.
there's a history of racism behind donald trump jr.'s skittles tweet
good old fashion horse sense spun into racial invective is indeed becoming the new art form.
last chance to reserve yeezys, u can secure urs on friday details: via (even...
wtf vip members get a head start on launch countdown timer? fair. ps app already crashed on me. this is gonna be fun.
don't kinkshame the d/l slices
oh my fucking god
right. it's all kinds of politics in boxing. that shit is crazy. freddie roach kept winning coach of the year too cuz he sick
cuz they he white an they hate the mayweather family
all i want is carvel ice cream rn and it's killing me that there aren't any in nyc
lol i feel ya. so i settle with ben and jerrys
la croix had the flavored seltzer game down tho. look at all the flavors!
i don't drink flavoured seltzer. lemon / lime in the most dire of situations
can't watch it in my country. great!
spoiler alert they shop at the same sneaker store
future - maybach on street certified radio
the world needs to hear this before i die
caribbean wave.
i decided to call it vertical hold, but i like your suggestion! too bad i didn't see it earlier ;-)
lmfaooo years later and this is still hilarious
lmaooo high school was too funny
...gas seems fine. also think we could of gotten the game in tonight.
of course we could have.
exclusive: did bill ayers write obama's books? we know that he curbstomped a bookie in '66 for shorting his vig
obama hammered over slimy slumlord tony rezko's questionable practices, like using his foot to separate a man's head from his body
i thought you already were?
this is the correct response
lmfaooo years later and this is still hilarious
oh happy birthday lol
unless you intend to read it, just downloading it is an empty gesture.
we'll see, i doubt it's a fun read, but i'll skim at least
simple ship 2d tutorial part 3 coming soon :) if you missed first part,
hi mika :) not sure if it's just me, but i think your site is down? looking forward to the tutorial!
should it also have some flavor text on the side, maybe "troy"?
no, you have to be the b in subtle
u need tech to go viral
i only go mega-vi these days
you have too many opinions about water.
i drink around a 12 pack of seltzer a day, i think i'm entitled
i hope you use the speak text function when you tweet
i tweeted that once i was at the gym buuut i don't use that function i know i'm trash
guy's a biased ass. now very pain for all to see.
how bout this one ? the truth comes out man lol sensationalist to now this lol
wouldnt be a ny nigga without at least one under his belt.
'i've got to speak...*flourishes* to crack man!'
. says you can speak up about politics &amp; still be cool (by )
the world needs to hear this before i die
yes! we need more in the automotive space. please see my guest post on:
- michael, your post is great - and thanks for introducing me to the work of steve farber: lovely.
i think i literally just miss a game !!!! maybe you could replay the 5-1 game or something
lol aww that's a shame.
i think the real question is are you drunk
lack of sleep... so basically yeah
i originally thought you lived in the uk bc you post a lot of labour related content.
i'm just such a fanboy for daddy jeeza
since 2009, the obama admin. has carried out policies designed to destroy u.s. immigration law enforcement. watch:
because he is a globalist! not an american! he's also a traitorous pos!
it's your own fault, you called too many ricky, it's on you.
because we all know its you ricky always creating new account like a loser that you are
you talking about the one by classic burger
yeah bruh, they're the shit.
is nannying goals. "can you not play in the bathroom? okay, i'm gonna walk away."
it's hard in these streets.
just the 37 shots on lundqvist through two periods.
what the fuck
no. i will not!!!
you don't have s bunker, do you? just stay in your hole
bonifided psychopath lacking any empathy blued eyed devils
that cop is chinese, but in general i take yr point.
website is coming along lovely. still working in the back end.
how can i get involved
oh no! i'm sorry to hear your account was compromised!
i was a bit confused, but i know it can still happen. love your product!
clinton on police shootings: "too many people have lost their lives who shouldn't have" via
hillary says this as she leaves a trail of bodies behind her..............
the haptic vibration synchronised to your ringtone is pretty neat.
i wish it worked with custom ringtones.
not quite but how ever you see it is fine i guess
nah chill. we need to end the hate for our respective races... rn. truce?
today's my birthday &amp; last season i used my wish for steve to win. today i simply wish for paul to make the f2 *blows out candle*
happy b'day hopefully your b'day wish comes true.
meet the real hillary clinton: first degree rape laughed about getting off rapist of 12-yr-old
sad. victim still lives in fear!
yes. perhaps google what that means dummy.
exposed to what you moron cmon ricky
good lord.... bacon? so vegetarians don't fit in with american values? or is that just a jab at islam?
vegetarianism is only a thing in the us. elsewhere that's a sign of being poor.i visited many poor countries;truth.
finding random screenshots in my camera roll is never not funny
aside from your family, looks like you and nick cage have a really close relationship
nope, sorry. what's up?
too bad, would have been nice to meet you at velocity here in ny.
plenty more where those came from
he is like the happiest camper of all time.
rapradar: new music: ft. , &amp; "this big"
the world needs to hear this before i die...
please meet janaye ervin. navy intelligence specialist. 8 year veteran. on monday, she took a bold stand against...
oh hell no! they kill navy intel shaun!!! william cooper case in point. he knew how banks (bis) finished a us pres "off".
enjoy infinite ocean views and endless cocktails at . ready to see the improvements next month?
cannot wait
this was my response.
900p cutscenes truth comes out to that damage control
after two years, then what? islanders don't have that kind of money.
grabovski and kulemins contracts expire at the same time, $9.5 million of additional space (on top of jt's $5.5 ending)
q5: photo brag time!! let's see your awesome pics shot while !
a5: this was at our local rotary nature club. tons of birds come down to bathe and play.
been hammering don't on radio, go cop that
thank you for the support brutha
a quick word from ios 9 as it stoically departs your iphone by
weirdly this will also work for your "a quick word from a character in " article.
pope francis called it "inexcusable violence"-the murder of two mexican priests is an outrage-mercy does not sanitize evil, but condemns it.
pope francis made a huge mistake criticizing trump's proposed wall. vatican city has a wall around it for centuries.
i love it when it he goes on a political tirade.
i love how he actually have evidence to back up his statements
yup, i could post a link to the top white supremacist website, but not a link to my blog that is anti-racist. what the fuck, ?
i tried to reply w/ a link to your main blog page, no mention of the particular post, &amp; it got blocked...
kerr the first white coach to acknowledge what the protests about as opposed to deflecting to ?
that's a q. i'm curious cause all i've seen is deflection or straight anger
spotted on the way into the donal ryan event immediately thought of you
is it just in the hotel lobby? wow!
.: the release date, tracklist and cover of 'intruder' //
the world needs to hear this before i die
please don't retweet. my family struggles with bipolar disease and schizophrenia. i do not. great to see you doing so well. :)
keep up the good fight!
unless the clintons are smearing trump as a racist, they quickly run out of talking points.
sorry guys but i'm unfollowing trump supporters
when your gf's a nerd
this niggas talkin shit
doing so well love!!! miss you tremendously how are you?? almost done with school i believe?
glad to hear you are doing well! yes almost done gracias a dios! how about u?
setting up as a datastore for a node app was such a hassle, that i decided to make rockets instead.
what went wrong? anything i can help with?
you gotta be a dickhead to be that clueless
lol hey shit happens
just keep introducing them to to diverse ways to get outdoors and they'lll gravitate to what they love
yes we always try and mix it up!
deadliest lie: without 'lone wolf' lie, u.s. could have stopped nearly every attack
we need to vet and investigate better than we are!
i drink mucinex socially.
in all the years i've been a fan of your work i've never been more disgusted by something you've said
you didn't do the "we're the *insert interesting duo* of tech for mon or tues on . that made me sad.
we were apples and oranges yesterday! i'll come up with a better one today.
you can configure, whether you want to hide-until-fresh or update-when-fresh.
nice! thanks for clarifying that for me.
oh no!! how did that happen?! dm us your shipping address + we'll send you a few freebies with hummingbird seals :)
it says you need to follow me for my direct message to go through
when govts. throughout history have enslaved and killed their own people. americans stayed safe. why? we got guns!
over 1.3 million americans have been shot by americans since 9/11...thats safe to you....thats crazy to me
hey ...remember when you said trump supporters were unfairly smeared as racists? thoughts?
she also said she won't work for a liar and we all know that's a lie
"bagel wednesday is tomorrow" me:
the gif gift that keeps on giving (gif-ing?)
so there's more damage to adrian peterson knee than previously thought, making it even more difficult for him to return this season.
even w his track record of healing, unlikely to be back this session
just saw this! short answer, no
long answer, there are zillions of types of presbyterians, from superconservative to superliberal
i dont think the rich is completely to blame, there has to be some community blame aswell
i'm not blaming the rich. there is fault on both sides
don't you just hate it when a two-run double only counts for one run
it's the worst
. if you're going to quote me, at least get the quote right. i said "about skittles." you left out "about."
dem liberal writers not accustomed to "anology" or accurate reporting. give em a break!
went to tutoring and watched the tutor spend 45 mins on one probelrn cuz she didn't understand either .... bye
send me the problem i can do it
about to buy this bot for saturday
thank you i can't wait for saturday
and if you're from la don't act like you didn't grow up saying 'vibes' unless your parents sent you to flintridge preparatory
finally - someone had to say it
hello harvey, luckily the fee only applies to tango bookings within north america! /nw
which is precisely the type of booking i made. i feel i'm being nickel and dimed.
that's why i was depressed after us open 1980, borg lost 1st and 2nd sets, and it went to the 5th
i assumed he would win, us open and then go to australia and win the grand slam.
when govts. throughout history have enslaved and killed their own people. americans stayed safe. why? we got guns!
when an american kills another american....the dead american is considered safe
omg. i love kendall but this is so cringeworthy. you don't tie your pointe shoes like that and you don't ever have...
hahahahahaha the perks of knowing about ballet
i honestly want to understand where the benefits are. it does not seem like blockchain/iot is general, but only specific for a few things.
see the edge processing power is increasing
a lot of people have asked me about it and i'm excited to say that this week sponsor play is back as checkpoint. ne...
but what about 's checkpoint?
chip kelly: "we don't try to operate at a very quick pace." - inside the 49ers
haha naming the obvious!
we lose money on everything. except podcasting. still pretty good at that.
that you are and i enjoy learning a variety of things re:money. i just won't take your advice.
like what the heckin!!!!
oh i miss this baby
do you remember all the bb winners of ?
add victor to that list after tonight
i actually think chip has been pretty good.
thts right... tho he hasnt mentioned what protests about as much as backed the right of kap to do it
spinklers in studio ceiling bucket of sand handy got marshmallows
for the record, he tried to return it last week and the at&amp;t store would not let him.
much love to for naming me one of their influential dj's and composers now back to the tunes!...
fucking legend
problem is even if there was any drugs in his car that still doesn't change the fact that they shouldn't have shot...
with back turned and arms in air. isn't that "compliance"?
lemme know. is the sauce like an alfredo? like on vegetable lasagna?
just the ricotta and parmesan. no sauce
a cry for help: are you an email person with time to help because i'm dying of anxiety and overwhelm?
i'm an email person, if you still need help.
samantha bee, john oliver and trevor noah. when will foreigners stop stealing our cable comedian jobs?
bee and oliver at least imo were funny once... noah was/is awful.
better software east conference
you know it is for techies when people have to explain the title. (the agile manifesto.)
media makes things look worse than what it is too
ehhh yes and no, media just throws gasoline on the race wars and ignores the real problems tho ur right
he reports on what he or his target readers find interesting. factually he isnt incorrect.
sensationalist reporting right? but now we are a taking a different tact. truth comes out du...
how to get to ricky's heart -
tell me this is true lmao
the new yuri on ice pv snatched my edges im fucking screamingggkf
victuuri is real and sailing victor is more daddy and bae than i couldve even imagined god is real i cant this is my aoty ive been waiting
just found out you can get tickets from footlocker for reservations. so much easier that way.
really? didn't know that. do you have any link please to share?
state dept. admits that isis terrorists try to pose as refugees to get into u.s. time to fix this.
wow, what a stretch!
great connecting at last wk ! looking forward to ur talk w/ on at
absolutely! thanks for the shout-out, we are counting down to our chat!
time is an illusion and is just a creation of the world we live in,therefore all that is true and real is god
yes god is real, and true,
exposed to what you moron cmon ricky
i like how you're bitch ass is following me thanks
"but what if they think it's a tort or tart instead of a sandwich?" "well, there's a photo" "just to be safe let's...
"you can also use pork (meat from a pig) to make these great tacos (open-faced mexican wraps)."
peterson has what is known as "bucket handle tear." i'm told that's a minm of 3-4 months out &amp; up 6months usually. again peterson has faith.
timeline correct for repair. long road ahead. age doesn't help
tv shows i've never watched: breaking bad, game of thrones, stranger things, peaky blinders, or the great british bake off (+ more)
+ more? cliffhanger
he'll learn his lesson when it burns in his pocket or in his hands. just return it. nothing wrong with doing that
he tried. they wouldn't take it at the at&amp;t store b/c he wasn't the main account holder.
hey i see you're coming back to the chi, def want to see you two while you're here + . let me know if you have time.
no plans to head back to the chi. where did you see this?
. responds to every negative story about by crying about trump. she never really answers a question
as i've been saying, when they have no cogent answer it's deflect, deflect, deflect.
obama hammered over slimy slumlord tony rezko's questionable practices, like using his foot to separate a man's head from his body
saul alinsky created headaches for gov and now the clinton campaign, after he repeatedly stepped on a man's face so as to murder him.
"the world trusted the clintons to help the haitian people...and they were deceived." - bernard sansaricq...
sad to steal from the worlds poorest!
tammy just put her in the corner like a toddler. stammering and stuttering like a fool
that was beautiful. she deserved everything she gets
i'm starting to think floyd had 2nd thoughts about wanting to take on lefty conor mcgregor who can box, take a punch &amp; is little crazy.
sir, really, no offense, but i see no evidence that you have ever started to think, period
people who change their opinions are totes weak, i wish everyone would just stick to their guns on everything ever
*people who change their opinions without sufficient evidence aren't likely to hold any one opinion for long* - fixed it for ya
but his topics of choice ofen feel slanted in a ps4 favorable manner. its free, he can do as he pleases.
yep and i'll expose his bullshit too, i mean guess the guy forget what he been pushing since 2013 lol oh my
jesse makes fun of my advances on him...
it doesn't matter now. i was clueless and stephen won you over. my chances are crushed.
"three ways industrial designers are like ux designers: and three ways they're different"- great piece by
thanks for the share! high praise coming from such a well done book on the same subject.
well that's why la croix is killing the game other people want flavors man. us ogs only roll with the seltzer
yea man it pains me. there's nothing more pretentious than carrying around a purple can of pamplemousse flavoured water. c'mon
haha i dont know,i hate them even since beckham still playing for madrid.maybe is bc they're a big rival of madrid.haha
but you know once again real madrid will need to get past archival barca and messi for the la liga crown. u know this. haha
do you prefer alw to sondheim? bernadette's mama rose over patti's? respond to this with your hottest, most controversial theater take.
last i heard has not seen west side story - what's more controversial than that?
the most horrible detail rt : and the connection with her mother trying to get it into schools. wow
and she had the audacity to ask that her mother not be brought into it
still cannot believe blue team is not nyy sc
it's actually really smart -- they've channeled that vibe/legitimacy without having to make it the literal name
hi guys i adore firewatch,played it on ps4,i want to know do you have a release window for ps4 free roam and audio tour update?
audio tour is out now! free roam will be coming to ps4 and pc in the next couple of weeks.
man,i love that resonator you got there!!! miss mine badly....tom
thank you brother!! it's a great ax
i just wanna go back to my normal weight... i can't believe i let myself get this skinny
i used to be a photographer. some models were so thin i wanted to throw a cheeseburger at them.
it's becoming increasingly difficult to distinguish your bot from your human.
people are cattle.
red sox vs. nfl ratings: thursday 9/15 bills vs. jets cbs- 9.3 sox vs.yanks nesn 6.8 mon. 9/19 eagles bears espn- 5.7 sox orioles nesn- 9.3
not sure if that's good or bad
q5: photo brag time!! let's see your awesome pics shot while !
a5: birding? and muddy puddles?!
who needs two tickets? hmu
i need two
when looking at a person's wikipedia page, what section do you read first?
apparently, my followers are nosy. also me:
wanna talk about this? everything okay?
you don't listen to music enough lol
i killed 7 flies today &amp; i want to take their tiny heads &amp; make a necklace out of them to show the other flies not to come round here no mo
you're a fucking freak matt
and it's not just tweetdeck! a slack post, forex
was that pasted in or from an integration?
omg. i love kendall but this is so cringeworthy. you don't tie your pointe shoes like that and you don't ever have...
hahahahah when you used to do ballet but i agree with u haha
what i'm on about it is that i love how we play our youth when possible. palace and west ham more concerned with winning/business while...
millwall are out there playing the youth and turning our youngsters into footballers
game over? yaya toure's furious agent blasts pep guardiola during vicious rant live on sky sports news...
he left barcelona because of pep now he will leave city because of pep
i found these old messages between me and the devil and i got depressed just looking at them. i hate this time of m...
when you talk yourself into your feelings
donte moncrief has a fractured scapula, out 4-6 weeks per pagano.
look for imaging to b done at that time to eval healing.4-6 wks is reasonable expectation
what are you using instead?
tweetbot! been a long time mobile user, finally bought it for desktop. perf seems great so far!
i don't and i'm so confused omg
i eat attention to survive
exposed. look it up dummy.
did i ask for the meaning you fucking dumb ass no! what did you exposed?
i just dont follow or go to we cant get mad at sony fans for expressing their viewpoint.
yes i don't too but still if someone in media is being a complete hypocrite i'm well within my right to point it out
"brew install julia" (for 2 hours, tries to build gcc 5.3 from scratch)
why not just get the prebuilt package?
damn man im gonna go either tonight or tomorrow to put out another candle
ok i wanna do that too. make it more personal this time bc i really keep thinking bout him like i knew him personally
this is so cool loren. i love this.
thank you
what's funnier is when we don't show up this weekend..
shut uppppppp
sip on 's pacificana sauvignon blanc - it's extremely versatile to pair with whatever you are craving and head...
i tried this wine for the first time last week. very tasty!
in macos sierra gm feels like i'm using some sort of beta or employee dogfood build.
never see this issue... btw, why using gm while office version is out there
it's in tread scroll up
or please remind me
that looks fantastic! was that your first time to check out sweet maple, or are they a favorite of yours??
first time here. always saw a queue outside on weekends. i decided to try today. happy i did
damn man im gonna go either tonight or tomorrow to put out another candle
it's everyone around me that knows him close and seeing y'all like this has me hurting
i genuinely want to do this and my email address is peyser.eve @ gmail . com
i'm tweeting this cuz idk where even to pitch \_()_/
girl, i bought him a watch. lmao im on a watch binge this year
nice! i was thinking of getting him accessories of some sort
breaking: clinton leads trump on being knowledgeable &amp; experienced enough to handle presidency, 60% to 23%, per / poll.
yet people don't care about that. what a world.
next is 170
good shit, just keep working hard you'll be there in no time!
show your bruin love and 'hang' with kevin at the rose bowl! donate $42 &amp; get 2 tix to sat.'s game:...
just donated my $42. great deal for a great cause!
and still stuck on the "checking sizes/availability" screen at 35min...
an hour later it, finally times out... great support
well that was lovely! thanks to everyone who joined in the tweet-a-thon! ha! see you all next week for another awesome !
thanks for a fun, speedy chat! til next time
tweet me questions that i can answer in my new vlog while getting ready!:)
how do you know when you've found real friends that actually care about you ?
about to start; audience filling up
any chance a recording was made? i am sure there are many of us over in the us who would love to listen/watch!
i just dont follow or go to we cant get mad at sony fans for expressing their viewpoint.
i mean mack come on here, the truth comes out because of a 900p cutscene to this talk? can't make it up lol
says the man voting for an orange con man.
as a supposedly person you're voting for someone who through her incompetence 1/2
thats your mans bro?
who dex or dun dun
based on the polling voters have made that decision and "wins" as most distrusted
not exactly a big stretch!
breaking: trump leads clinton on being honest &amp; straightforward, 41% to 31%, per / poll.
yet people don't care about that either. what a world.
your rating says a lot about you as a person
hi frank! working on a story for the post about uber ratings. free to chat?
"it works but we're not really sure why" is sometimes good enough.
as long as you can pay after you know it works...
stop generalizing every cop as covering for bad cops. it's statistically impossible to have no bad cops, just have...
you do realize it is very hard to prosecute cops, right?
well, clearly we can't be friends.
right. software is for silently correcting grammar. real friends tell you.
an hour later it, finally times out... great support
maybe i should just script it during the next release since clearly your app doesn't work?
jersey win an authentic uniform. 1. follow us 2. like/rt &amp; tag 5 friends 3. jersey size...
white na medium
san antonio has in the airport we just cancelled our return tickets
completely understandable and acceptable.
i always follow losers!!!
sure rickey whatever you say but thanks for the follow
breaking: trump leads clinton on being honest &amp; straightforward, 41% to 31%, per / poll.
wait, what? how stupid are people?!!
nah. i cant co sign name calling because of a different preference in console.
well i agree no name calling but last i looked videogamer wasn't a sony site but i guess your suggesting it is?
today : demystifying ai with of and sandy allerheiligen of
near term impact: transforming clinical trials by harnessing unstructured data in emr
no matter what he says he's gonna receive criticism. lmao
true but he's out here tap dancing for ppl who called him nigger and thug when he was dabbing in the end zone
horrible, horrible, horrible. and her father was like "huh, i don't know what y'all are talking about."
i'm surprised his nose didn't grow
known wolves: accused bomber latest to have fallen off feds' terror radar
what put him on radar? clearly something
says the man voting for an orange con man.
quite possibly could have put your families life in danger. i guess you're ok with that! well i'm not!!
you from the border of michoacn &amp; jalisco
lmao what no i live 2 hours away from jalisco
today : demystifying ai with of and sandy allerheiligen of
near term impact: transforming clinical trials by harnessing unstructured data in emr
i would pay so much money to see this
it could happen
if you are in , look for the blue shirts and orange vests. our chaplains are ready and willing to listen
blessings to you all!
brandon marshall knee injury is huge concern for sunday. enunwa / jalin marshall time to shine
decker and forte listed as questionable too smh
smarthome insteon products 10% off all with code (excl home installation kits/discounted multi-packs),...
(cont) 5% off home security cams w ~smarthome automation kits ~5% off sale
"papa knows best"
dustin's sprite is the absolute best. i had assumed the kids were the end of this project -how many characters are you making?
at least take nice pictures
they are. dont fucking deny it
without reading a word i can confirm this is the greatest book ever written.
the only thing better is if the e-book were narrated by bruce himself.... can you imagine?
at a thrift shop! $1. seriously if you want it it's yours!
ha ha ha! thanks! i can't replace my derek jeter bobblehead on my desk, though!
"why i play football" by 's , including studying and energy:...
you ever need an internship in the fuel cell biz, let me know!
true. i just loved that rant when blue team was announced
hah, yeah - nic fic! a good example of the need to leave the soccer bubble every once and awhile
you go girl! i blocked a moron today as well! clueless idiots!
so many trolls so little time
not what monica says in her ted talk
havnt heard it
do you prefer alw to sondheim? bernadette's mama rose over patti's? respond to this with your hottest, most controversial theater take.
i faved all replies, even those that were blatantly wrong, and it actually hurt my heart. i think less of a lot of you now. this was fun!
. . i'm telling you . ppl pray on others downfall .
so true smh it's sad, they don't wanna see us win
not in forest hills ya aids infested cunts.. nyc is blue..
time to distribute some stickers of my avatar here in neighborhood
strangers have come to the rescue of katie cutler, the lady who raised money for alan barnes....
days u, the male adelia rose
chasing dreams
must be nice
take my niece iphone than when i locate it your at the chinatown walgreens....
so did you get the phone back?
not great really, but that na team is so much fun.
the forward group rivals any national team that i can recall
on the other hand...ratings are down. someone's doing something.
yep. my kids and their friends are playing video games.
yep, me stuffing my face with food. so attractive
oh my god yes please stop i'm getting too hot right now
near term impact: transforming clinical trials by harnessing unstructured data in emr
long term hope: remove the cognitive drudgery from daily life
jersey win an authentic uniform. 1. follow us 2. like/rt &amp; tag 5 friends 3. jersey size...
2xl and a team usa please! the white jersey is pretty
don't have to be a fan of someone to acknowledge their illuminating an issue eloqentle
i enjoy 's film technique &amp; 's teardown of , but folks misunderstand
wouldn't this be violating tax laws in other ways? because trump isn't paying taxes on that money?
book him danno!!!! or al capone style. works either way.
i assume there's no access to the file system, so all files (custom js/css/etc) need to be stored in db
that's correct. you do have sql access though. so you can still use sql developer, sqlcl etc.
end this madness
i know, i need to take a mental health day after this.
don't think you understand the list
fuck you condescending cunt
the idea that economic policy = fiscal balance is so depressing to see coming from treasury
pretty sure the idea isn't coming from treas but some hack on the hill hell bent on fighting such pinko un ideas
"his bold coup"!! even sleazier than the nyt's support for 2002 venezuela coup
"his bold coup" is the band name (or podcast?) waiting to happen.
cannot wait to be here and hopefully find time to pop into this fine bar for a drink!!!!
pick yourself up one of these beauties as well while your at it?
the "you might like" section of my twitter timeline is 100% tweets has liked.
finally an algorithm gets something right
so white people??
fuckboy actually, but ok
clinton shoudldnt vie w trump for voters who think the world stinks, want to retreat to dimly remembered childhood.
"dimly". ouch! how about a double-time slouch toward gomorrah.
thank you toledo, ohio! it is so important for you to get out and vote on november 8, 2016! lets make america safe...
it is safe &amp; it is great. stop shitting on america for political gain you orange headed dummy!
how did dogs come from wolves if wolves still exist?
checkmate theists lol
i'm so amazed at what nice skin she has lol
i know like why can't mine look like that? lol
btw all of that excellent artwork is brought to you by
yes, the art is amazing!
the significance in resolution is much more drastic with scorpio compared to the ps pro. xbox 1 and ps4 is to close
yep but 900p cutscenes and the truth comes out
citizens of the world (eligible to vote in the u.s.), unite!
wow! non citizens voting in american elections???
who gives a 5 page front and back test in 40 minutes ajakajaj i knew every fucking answer but didnt have the time to write it fuck fuck fuck
this is why the educational system fails us, they care more about you speeding through shit than getting it right.
living in a day and age where i'm cancelling international flights via twitter dm. my other two options were facebook or linkedin.
you're canceling your trip?
says the man voting for an orange con man.
btw stop listening to the media, i worked for trump and he is the kindest most generous person around. 1/2
i'm julie killian. i can't take the corruption in albany and i believe we need to demand better from our elected...
that's why we're building the museum of political corruption. join us!
"a republican nominee who supported john kerry in 2004...how in the world would the bushes support that?" | getty
the black voter need to pick another woman to run for president hillary has no integrity
don't know how many times i have to tell you. you will wait for ur whipping until end of december. y r u rushing?...
nobody cares about this fight! we know who that is...
also, closer than ever is &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; songs for a new world
can't believe you've never heard my incredibly moving rendition of "life story."
let's play match jersey joe game! post your answer to wet _ . match me &amp; get a shout out! i'll post mine 5p edt.
and my answer is wet nap! no matches today, but lots of good answers. thanks for playing!
i think somebody is going to make it work someday. maybe at the wallis this fall
from your mouth to sondheim's ears! xoxo
oh wow really harry?? as the wheels if the bus roll over my head.
you know i appreciate you penny
either one?
yes and yes, how you feel? you swinging on shawty?
"i'm not touching you either because if you damn tazed yourself you might still be electrical" ---favorite part
"get your ass up off that floor before i beat the shit outta you"
here's my latest for esquire. it's a very important article about my hair.
yes, it is a very important article about your hair and it looks great after the cut! thank you for writing about us.
dropping science like galileo dropped the orange
haha i've got sort of a new age vibe rn
*drinks 2 cups of coffee* *starts to edit* *accidentally falls asleep for 2 hrs* what the heck coffee y u no work
that happens to me so often
anyway i just searched through a photo archive of churros being dipped into chocolate for the past 20 minutes.
excited to see future content from you inspired by this
taking commissions. pricing and info here
can i request a twitch layout ?
remember when we were talking about how we like when justin speaks french or german or any other language
i couldn't see it
i sincerely love joseph. it's my favorite alw.
my jewish day school did it, and i will always have affection for it. it's weird and fun.
"trumps not racist" doesn't smile in the video until don king starts saying negro, he enjoyed kings blacks need to...
so did the black guy in the audience. so do people at chris rock, chappelle, katt williams shows.
. absolutely ~ i'm all for supporting &amp; sharing artists, their works &amp; who share a common passion
thanks, we are big believers in the sharing community as well
"the identification of another left-handed neandertal" ab$
in no way is handedness limited to humans, why would it be? indeed, my cat is clearly left-handed...
yes sir. i had a 72 round neck dobro i played for years. love those guitars
nice!!! we got to get you another one
is a identity disc, hung around the neck on a cord to identify the dead or injured:...
snap it in 2 for the dead: leave the top part to identify the body and use the bottom 1/2 for record keeping, i believe.
what this teacher did to american flag in class will make your blood boil
disgrace! and taxpayers pat his wages!
difference between premier league and ... should i continue?
i much rather be the league 1 club in this situation. west ham more so lost the plot tonight with that lineup
how the fuck does anyone think trump is honest at this point? jesus almighty
i want to know what look aid they r drinking
i didn't know you could. -whit
at the next chiptopia rewards program meeting, suggest my shirt design. i accept payment in tortilla chips.
interview request. just talked "rigged 2016" doc with patrick byrne. can we talk about gary?
sure. where/when/how?
i got lawful neutral. also not surprising.
lawful good, which is somewhat surprising.
counting. down. the. seconds.
the wrath of chief dodds
i've probably done every beauty trend/owned every makeup fad ever. if anyone wants my opinion (lols) just ask i looove being helpful
i want to grow my eyebrows long so i can twist them while i'm thinking. like the old kung fu master in kill bill. fad or gtg?
your meeting with staten island borough president james oddo on the molinari.
that's a great shot! what light! great faces!
what do you think?
notes in my fav. books? 'tis my sacral duty, not to do that.
ah, simit palace, it's good to be back.
some parts of could do with modernising
says the man voting for an orange con man.
maybe you should try thinking for yourself, instead of being led around by the nose by the media!2/2
there's even a name for it "anasazi sickness".
switching back to scientific thinking for a moment, i wonder: is there a higher rate of suicide among the poots?
don king backed obama in '08 and '12-now democrats want to punish him for endorsing and wandering off the plantation
yup. not sittin down and swallowing party line for dems!
are you only operating in the us, any plans for europe?
hi shhared! just us for now, but hopefully soon to europe :)
ugh i never have anything to do on my lunch. i literally watch youtube videos for an hour.
i just walked to the disney store
i had a hard time narrowing it down to 18 pieces. don't make me pick just one!
ha ha! i can see why. and what great colors too ... ;)
when you get a legendary from a free chest
i don't understand a legendary what is that
i think the blank is stop
yes it never stops. not even for school children. kid in the way? school bus don't care. school bus don't give a shit.
a trump victory would be a win for a dailykos/netroots/howard dean "left." not a socialist one.
yeah but think of all the takes josh marshall would get to have. think of the unborn takes yearning to see the light of day
all eyes on me ... i need your attention
that makeup...wow!!! esos labios
clinton holds durable lead in breaking nbc marist poll, ahead by 5 among all voters, 6 in likely voters.
how the hell is it that close?! &lt;whimpers&gt;
thank you. luv the hashtag!!
mine too. enjoy his insight! he's terrific!
if you had a 100 starving children &amp; 3 may grow up to be terrorists, you'd let all of them starve to death?
to much of a coward to reply or take down that horrible tweet. typical bully.
i should've never dated that bitch fuck
why can't i retweet you
its my birthday!!
happy birthday!!!! i'm wishing you many more!!!!
lush strawberry fields massage bar is heaven on earth honestly
the best thing in the world is that my room smells like lush bc of all the things i have from them
this callout
it's for my 7 year old niece................
construction progress of the green street retrofit in !
paving looks great, but where are the trees?
you're in for an emotional roller coaster, as and i can attest
bradford will put you on on cloud 9 and then rip your heart out the next game.
apple allegedly in talks to buy yankee candle.
oh god.... the apple store's are going to smell so intense!
watching the hubs play wow. i could never care about wow after eq but i like watching him play.
have you tried it?
let's try this workaround: political correctness, bull murder, and trump (yes, there is a through-line here):
well, it works. also, hilarious...
i'm not watching!!!
we absolutely love football yet i haven't watched it since some of the athletes think they r bigger than the game.
. is perfect if you are living in nyc and you don't want to go in the same coworking space every days
wow thanks, arthur! we appreciate the shoutout have a favorite space?
if we replaced all the people who hate drunk people with more drunk people our home field advantage would be leagues better.
some ppl just don't know how to fall with style
lorenzo fertitta always promised a "ufc 100" type of fight card for the first event at msg. what will new ownership deliver?
i feel like were gunna find out a lot in the next 72 hours.
yeah, i was pretty out of shape for that.
i meant you are the guy on the left in the background
okay, that frees up space, but who'll fill their void?
plenty of prospects or free agents
if you're doing those things you don't need to worry. trump can't win when 60% + see him unqualified.
you won the nbc/wsj lv poll guess lol
ah! you are on the right settings, as those provide hd voice. under cellular data options &gt; roaming &gt; is data toggled to on? ^nn
no it's not.
people are losing it over weeknd cutting his hair lmao
your tweet in the article
that's why we're getting married duh
i just spotted them all off out loud to josh lol and kept going after i tweeted it
little one i'm coming to nyc soon... let's hang out and talk about how much we miss stabler.
yes would love to see you!!
it's becoming clear that python needs a new sequence type, written &lt;a, b, c, d&gt; that's mutable, but not resizable. don't call it a list.
can we also make it typed?
how did i enter the 5th circle of hell?!
oh you earned your place down here in hell with us lawrn.
thought that was a shot at palace.
it can be . you've had players hobble off, an overall miserable performance
.: "the real world is no safe space."
the world would be safer if ppl did what the police asked 4-compliance for the law
another good read breaking down def play
like this a lot. apple has been impressive.
it will net petty offenses like possession of marijuana, putting more men of color in the criminal justice system.
it's offensive, and completely pointless
how far are you willing to go for love?!! ...
congratulations greg &amp; rutina...the very best open..breaking all records
the latest the gen-next jewelers daily! thanks to
you're always welcome! thanks for including us.
when i have to work late and my mom is making a bomb ass dinner. something i wish none of you have to experience.
technically we all have to experience it bc we don't know what ur moms cooking is like .
i had an interesting talk with the guy who makes pizzas at my local pizzeria.
it's by lehman and this girl comes to get a slice and the guy ask me if i would smash but i had to tell him that the age of conscent is 17.
on the verge of tears after reading the responses to that tweet. i now have to quit twitter, in addition to theatre.
i got legitimately upset at some of them.
i think the most appropriate way to celebrate leonard cohen's birthday is to google him out. anyway good job.
these r the songs i heard. there'll be a long list of his songs in googlehe also wrote novels, one of which was controversial.
they would be scared and act intimidated by her because she black... of course they're shook
nooooooooo! shook does that mean that lol
just gotta get through the one more hour
2 more hours for me
check with me , a week before show!
you had asked me to contact you a week before your event to see if i could get 2 back stage passes. i would be happy to pay
is the recovery time the same for cyborgs?
he broke timelines w the acl (other knee).would be surprising if did it again
came back to my desk to find these beauties! could be a trap, but regardless, i love you mystery friend
they didn't leave ketchup?
technically we all have to experience it bc we don't know what ur moms cooking is like .
so stop tweeting dumb shit like this so u c an make ur moms cooking look good
nigga no she cheated (allegedly) not killed his mom gave him aids pulled a gun on him, thats wild ass.
yeah that's what i'm saying. it's not worth it.
worst day of the worst month of the year. tomorrow.
agreed. it's my birthday.
trump hits 270 with: - all romney states (basically: hold nc, ga, az) - fl + oh + wi + me-2 + ia *or* nv (269-269 tie if he loses ne-2)
hopefully the loses and goes back underground where we never have to see his ugly mug ever again.
patti's is far superior this is obvious
steven that's the point of my original tweet. i'm talking about controversial/unpopular opinions!
he said the same thing to me. like, why are you talking to me?
exactly. obviously it is and was personal
it's by lehman and this girl comes to get a slice and the guy ask me if i would smash but i had to tell him that the age of conscent is 17.
"17 to be on the team" i say and all he can reply with is "good boy"
he cut his hair
yup so u know it's about to go down
moving from the 1st floor to the 4th floor. nicer view. less heat. no bitch ass roommates named connor who cry when they're drunk :)
that actually made me laugh lmaoooo
it's for my 7 year old niece................
not everything is about you ;)
optionally. yes.
foo = int[10]&lt;1, 2, 3&gt; oh shit what have i done
there must be a sports bar in vancouver that gains or loses investors every time a new poll comes out.
is there one in toronto you know about? i do t want to change time zones here.
(8) surely no one would deny that a woman could reinforce systemic sexism/misogyny in workplace in terms of how she treats other women...
true statement. i've seen it up close. not pleasant!
mate the draw come on now
oh ffs i didn't even know
he got the exclusive flavors in there yet
nah i only saw the black ones in there this time. they need to get those vanilla and banana woods tho lol
all clubs who barely spend money do this, this isn't special
rather have a club of sid nelson's then bakary sakos
no it's not.
this isn't an issue w calling. it's an issue w/ data. my data is unusable when i'm indoors in many parts of this neighborhood.
i meant once the kids are on haha, screaming kids crying cos they can never get off bus hurtling around the highway kinda like speed
keanu was the bus driver. can confirm.
i'm hearing a strong segment of people i follow say blond(e) was trash and i might just deactivate
for real, do you have ears? no one with ears can tell me nights was anything short of fantastic
there's no way i'd vote for trump either, i'm still a conservative. how do you think he feels about safe spaces?
bill burr said he voted for bernie in the primary &amp; he thinks trump &amp; his supporters are racist.
i understand that angle because he switched up in a matter of months.
he keeps switching narratives so at this point he needs to shut the fuck up and play ball.
i knew you would. people only hate nickelback because it's a trend. those people need to be exposed
expose the fakes
king making clear who this event is targeted to: "every white woman should" vote for trump, he says.
i am a white female. i will not be voting for trump. not in this lifetime or any other. red flags all over &amp; don't stand for rep
we drew each other in the cup
get ready to be fucked by aleix garcia!!!!! nah good luck xd
the dog is off the leash. xbox pitbull!
am i wrong ? pretty clear cut hypocrite right ?
"refuse?" how exactly were they supposed to get around the out of control rioters without deadly force?
there are many ways to help people without using deadly force... one is to not murder innocent civilians =no protests
besides how they'd lose on the merits. but did they run out of friends in ps to piss off?
maybe a friend told them to just give up.
moved closer into force today. here's what agu's president had to say when it was adopted last dec....
i don't know if you're aware, but is trying to help in that area.
cachapasssssss
lol you would
does support authenticating with multiple google accounts for the same user? /cc
not exactly sure what you mean. can you provide a little more context to what you're hoping to achieve?
i predict in the near future none of us will be able to communicate ideas or beliefs w/o sexy bull stickers.
is this a dragon age sticker pack? because the iron bull stickers sound awesome :d
the a's are lousy but i will still miss days like this. last homestand.
the april-august a's were lousy. the september a's are terrific! it's going to be a fun &amp; exciting 2017.
so then what would you call my 4pm pizza?
afternoon snack
why couldnt lesnar say that during 200
he was so....close to it.
you hear illmatic and considering how old he was when that was made
started writing it at 16.
i know i'm saying that your tweet would fall like a tree in the forest without making a sound, for it is a universal truth
(a couple people responded to say they do prefer bernadette's mama rose.)
don't forget the dirty old man
oh hell yeah. and prince.
i just missed an opportunity for 20 extra credit points for not twerking in class. my life is ruined
i would've dropped everything and twerked on the spot
this makes you pee so much lmao
srsly but it's so good for your digestive system and skin
i mean, i know what i'd want to reboot if you were going to hand me a property, anyway.
oh my god this is the greatest thing ever!
them all yet am frequently at the station, brioche cafe and chai bar by david rio!
mmmm brioche, chai are two of our favorite words !
dreams come true! i'm in the october issue of with . get a copy b4 my grandma buys em' all....
congrats brother !
fitting what criteria? they come from many places with some commonalities.
good question and i do not know the answer. just struck by hearing about 4 suicides and arguably one suicide-by-osp
thanks and others for stopping by the booth to visit! :)
my pleasure.
breaking: vikings rb adrian peterson reportedly plans to have surgery on thursday to repair meniscus; expected to m...
ap w lcl involvement.season over.if posterolateral corner involved,bigger recovery
clinton delivers 25-min speech focused on disable-unusual for prez race. only mention of opponent is among last 3 words: "love trumps hate"
in order to win, that is precisely what hillary needs to do. she must show exactly what she is passionatefor
licensed but if ur not my friend don't ask for a ride
guess i won't be asking for a ride then
family emergency from hell
i'm sorry hear that, send you my love &amp; prayers
absolutely disgusting ....... another comment under this story was ........i am a retired...
this why there is no justice for most of our black men because,they commited these crime
"patacon"? pata con que? (i'm confident that i am the very first person in history to make this joke.)
pata con hogao
"i [won't] be pressured... to not say what i feel." this man refuses to take down his anti-muslim sign, and insist...
not legal to discriminate against someone because of their religion
i didn't realize my opinions were so popular. i was pretty sure most people hated all the things i love.
i'm upset that people hate heathers. and that anyone thinks love never dies is a masterpiece.
happy birthday i hope you have a wonderful day!
lolol where the hell..., could've used this :) thanks though justin!!!!!!!
was out of breath, i imagined singin to you from afar at the top of my lungs of heartbreak. connected w/ u &amp; free.
i love that you always know how to make us love you even more!
colts wr donte moncrief is expected to miss multiple games with a shoulder injury, per sources.
4-6 wk minimum for moncrief
some coffe before going to work :3
still love your candids best. you radiate happiness !
hoping i live to 40, just so i can be an airport guy who wears khakis, checks his watch frequently, and scoffs loudly at all announcements
of course you will live to 40 ... you're gonna live forever!
i like the burton version of sweeney todd more than the stage show [deletes twitter, removes self from internet permanently].
yes, this is a heinous opinion, goodbye.
fuck me right
it'll be our one year hahahaah be that guy that third wheels
"71% of the 80 billion government spends on it goes to *10* companies" -
...and to be clear, this is the us federal government only
wow she has gotten so big, she really looks like you. is she coding yet?
very soon! she might be a kotlin baby :-)
that's shit i used to get bare licks for.. then sent back inside the bathroom.
facts, getting called one stinking scunt to the next
hey there cowboys nation! i am so excited to be able to share my journey with you guys by my side!
you were the last rookie i needed to follow all the dcc rookies. congratulations on making the team and your dcc twitter.
lol i've always been told i should become a model
if you (or friends) want to be a model. the cal. dept. of industrial relations list all licensed agents. no listing, don't use.
danna was like "this better be worth 160 secs of my life" it was actually 240 but muahahahhahahha
yeah... 240 seconds that i'm never getting back
why wld u want to seem to insinuate that u " love trumps hate."? no thought whatever just meme after stupid hypocratic meme
who doesn't love, love trumps hate?
when the whole squad is off today but can't do nothing cause we poor
my hair started growing already i can tie into a ponytail again
smoke a blunt and jam out
hell yeah. best advice
brother i wish! can't afford one now. on disability.
understood!!!
that's insane
maybe they mean just for the past 3 hours.
+ bow. leds controlled dynamically from mic input. red=low notes, violet=high notes
oooh yeah, now put him on an escalator and long exposure that song!! :)
when your bf suggests to celebrate our two year anniversary by going to miami to see our fav comedian louis ck &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;. stokedddd
2 years already?! holy sheeeeeeet
oh dear. that's a tired (but cute) looking minion. how's she dealing with the jet lag?
better than her parents! i was awake at 4am, she woke up at 7!
big from new nbc/wsj: clinton +6 among whites w/college degrees. romney beat obama +14.
how about non college whites comparison btwn 12 and now?
so you would rather have a commander in chief that lies ?when we are young we make mistakes.did u ? did u?
insults and doesn't respect our military/pow's. vote johnson/weld.
note that observer *only* tracks 'render', which does nothing in your app. your backbone render should go in autorun probably
ooooh so autorun is different! i'll try that
vikings running back adrian peterson will be out 3-4 months -
ap w lcl involvement.season over.if posterolateral corner involved,even bigger recovery
. foundation raised $100 mill 2 build a hospital n haiti but d hospital was never built. where's d $$
perhaps their best video yet!!!you ladies always get right to the point
ya, that's what i'm doing. i need to auto-refresh access tokens for a desktop app.
have you been able to setup via a sa? or are you still running into problems?
seems like. and yet, doj's lynch has already said she rejects the report and will continue business as usual.
doj is not the judicial branch. this report gives defense attorneys a lot of ammo to question forensics.
what a sensitive little bitch stepfan is...
this team was saddled with torts then the deal sealed with cappy.
get out of my head
my morning jacket is great.
i have met &amp; he is a good bloke and actually quite positive on xbox, huge fan of forza horizon 3 too
i don't think he is a bad guy but this is clearcut. all there drew. from truth co...
cancer has taken carol fitzgerald, wife of tv voice bob fitzgerald, who somehow soldiered on thru years of misery. condolences.
my god. poor fitz. i can't imagine what he is going through. thoughts and prayers for him and his family.. my god...
couldn't see what?
what you posted to me
okay i'm going to riff on this a bit more. a nattering nabob of null objects.
a "mute" of null objects
both saskatoon and st.louis will premeir just waiting on the details. late oct in saskatoon and early nov in stl
we should be at one?
tea pots on the table , still have no idea
wait...dont say it...i know this place....
finally, someone less popular than the news media: putin. (via )
always dumbfounding to see a 22 point fav gap between bill and hill.
it's time!!!! you get a jersey!!!!
congrats!
my bad for cursing; i get fired up over some football. but seriously own 2 games and people are going crazy!
ass is fine.
i think the debates will be key. if she does well, game over. if not, it'll be close but she'll still be the fav.
i heard on msnbc that republicans might keep the senate. this is woefully depressing:(
can u even twerk tho
finish a bottle w me tonight and find out
more larry: "aws is more closed than ibm mainframe."
true re first, false re 2nd :) a bare metal cloud can be much more cost effective for heavy db workloads.
i was trying to look for that one!! but i couldn't find it btw tfti for last weekend you lost your discount with me
lolol like you would've came..aww!! and broooo you didn't even give me one last time!!!
this woman and her band of idiots are spending millions to try and defeat trump... not isis, not protect america......
the $$$ she has spent could have done a lot of good for homeless vets &amp; our poor/needy...
north carolina mob attack female truck driver - police refuse to help, desperate calls to media chopper...
the truck driver had all the right to get home safely so did
at least you have a homecoming dance
it wasn't even near homecoming last year
i have met &amp; he is a good bloke and actually quite positive on xbox, huge fan of forza horizon 3 too
pretty clear that resolution mattered from a cutscene 900 truth comes out sensationalism to that tweet lol
i'm.... okay with this?
u mean scared?
so basically i only have 16 units left then i can start working on the marketing emphasize of my career, which i'll do at puc.
she told me that if i keep going at the pace that i'm going now i'll be done in a year and a half with school like for good.
that's accessible by tap, too, even on 3d touch-capable devices
oh really, i couldn't get that to work for some reason
i didn't even see the heathers tweet, but heathers, though utterly brilliant, wasn't a hit.
it's beloved by many. but yes, i don't think it's a worthy target for a hot take. it didn't even transfer.
this being in league one &gt; premier league thing you're doing is admirable, maybe even you will believe it one day
getting promoted will feel 10x better than finishing 12th in the league x
today while walking on the sidewalk and talking about kites, one of my 5 yr olds shrieked, "don't step on living things!!! they could die"
when i asked why she said that she v seriously repeated "they could die"
a "mute" of null objects
a "cul-de-sac" of null objects
it's gonna be a long season of listening to todd bowles press conferences
i miss these
got home, turned on the tv and who's the first person i see? ghost gonna do it for me
the day is getting better!
someone on npr made a similar speculation. that he might actually be trying to win over women by appearing more compassionate.
oh, i hadn't thought about that, but i can def see it. i was thinking more about the paternalistic rhetoric.
men in designer suits at un(very few women)staying at fine hotels,eating gourmet foods,discuss yezidis, kurds, balochs,etc.as if they r pets
creating traffic jams, while stuffing their faces...
i really wish g eazy would make music like "runaround sue" again :(
i think he is. he is bringing back the oldies in some of his new songs
that might be true lol scary injury at that age .
yup, she won't be playing basketball anytime soon.
it's beloved by many. but yes, i don't think it's a worthy target for a hot take. it didn't even transfer.
also i will fully admit its flaws, but it feels like a weird show to hate everything about.
when will there be windows phone 10 support??
soon. this is coming next after we finish up some remaining ios 10 items.
development update: the stats revamp! if you have questions, we probably answered them in today's livestream:
definitely coming back to this game, the update convinced me lol great job !
they live among us...
i drove from seattle to vancouver and saw a lot of trump stuff on that ride.
now you see what i meant in that interview that we did. curious, where's the audio of the interview?
yeah, i see it. the audio should be up on the piece. lemme check.
i wanna move to nyc so bad
come to brooklyn bae
life is a journey,sometimes we go as we came.
i'm beginning to learn that now
schmilsson!
and his drinking buddy john lennon of course.
if brad and angelina can't make it, then what's the point of even trying?
i was just thinking the same thing.
geez. talking about pressure...
big game. big responsibility.
but will they? track record is not great here. and disturbing that doj wants to focus on winning convictions over justice.
if i were a defense lawyer, i'd totally challenge forensics with this report. and a judge is more likely to allow that challenge.
the veterans administration hasn't existed since 1989.
each scandal brings new meaning to veterans "affairs,"
i have met &amp; he is a good bloke and actually quite positive on xbox, huge fan of forza horizon 3 too
pushing an agenda one second and being quite sensationalist to then getting mad xbox flipped script?
donte moncreif to miss 4-6 weeks
that is reasonable. look for more imaging at that time to assess healing
here's my review. it's climbed the ranks and become my favorite racing game series...
psh, i have an older version of that car in real life, i'll just drive that recklessly.
on a day of african american "outreach" he advocates the most racist form of policing.
it's incredible - where's the outrage?!?!?
you can buy like 3 porsches like our regulars
or a beamer
being disabled myself your speech today highlighted exactly what you needed to do. be positive,
be positive, while highlighting the policies you will fight passionately foryour campaign is the campaign of families in usa
directed me to you guys when i requested a press copy of terry dolan's long-lost lp; can you fulfill my request?
email info.com - you'll reach the publicist more quickly that way
listen to !!!!! bruhhhh. lmfaoo.
this is too legit lmfao
i used the same "taylor swift" example, but in messages. maybe each app is different?
maybe. i was in easily do mail
do any of you have an iud? anyone? lmk
actually, yeah, i do
these guys must be standing on boxes.
i'm just short
tuesday ratings: = 3.6 mil; = 2.2 mil; = 15.6 mil; = 15.5 mil; = 11.2 &amp; = 10 mil.
loved this is us!
shawty lo was killed in a car crash early this morning
my prayers to his family and community..
- definitely! also, the new profile pic of you guys. , your hair looks awesome!
ah, thank you! though the only thing that's sticking is alex got to see you @ pax &amp; i didn't. hope you're well :)
i don't know if i trust this listing you guys
yeah. i get suspicious after 23 exclamation points too.
apple has lost ~2.5x mclaren's reported worth since the acquisition rumor broke.
mass market?
just finished and printed my stats assignments, i'm going to make the deadline.
don't care about what grace i get at this point just let me have this morning
left a crack for the light.
sud i google that? i m sure this will bring out some results of a list of songs or books
magic players: "reprint cards i need!" wotc: reprints cards magic players: "no! not like that! ugh /tantrum"
reprinting cards as master pieces is like reprinting the card only in a mythic rare foil slot
argh! then you missed free lunch
i accept cash.
mcsweeney's?
they don't pay their writers, but they do publish fun jokes about how writers dont get paid
hey, you are banned from tweeting about bake off, i am watching it at 9
i've had to timeshift too - avoiding spoilers!
sure his comment could have been worded as "odd how sony are now downplaying the importance of power"
didn't look like xbox had a chance with these kind of articles like the truth comes out. can't make it up
dude you gotta be kidding that was my 1st guess too i swear to god. damn!! i need to get in before 5 that's 3 in a row!!
you gotta play to win! lol don't forget caption this on monday, too!
a suspenseful trilogy directed by
im still a lil shooken up
crazy drivers out there too crazier than me lol
yes!when i drove cab yrs ago,,folks drive cray cray! run lights,stopsigns,&amp;cut u off not even looking.
i think the word you're looking for is "fangirling"
oh yeah, that too.
in other words...gfys
not my words! i like all three of you.
girl elaine stritch was just a shout in a hat.
is this a hypothetical "what would oliver sacks have named his books if he were openly gay"?
ah, thank you! though the only thing that's sticking is alex got to see you @ pax &amp; i didn't. hope you're well :)
other than your back of course. :(
. trying to autograph something for me n the rain! so kind and very beautiful! ...
she's so funny
i wish! he was so good at coachella!
yes we had fun i wanna go back!
i think fraser would be very much in that camp as well
true. and the head matters a lot for org culture. depressing stuff.
it's still legal to pay disabled workers less than the minimum wage and clinton announces her plan to end that:
thru obamacare u made sure that people lost 40 to 60% of their working hours, &amp; now making less $.
after 15 years of software development, mostly in java, i do not think i am good at all.
most people don't. do you want the only voices being heard being those people who think they're awesome?
i never thought rex won any press conferences. i'm glad to have him, he's just devoid of emotion. which is fine.
to be fair rex won his share of games too
when is your talk??
today i presented here at but toronto is april 23-25 2017!
busquets has gone, messi about to go it seems. not looking good for barcelona.
except for scoring
feelin famous today because friends got an email update about my show and i didn't know about it
i love that pic of u
i want every student in nj to reach their fullest potential.
why wasn't the entire phillipsburg high school student body in your presentation today?
went through my imessage history to clear space on my phone and yikes @ me ages 24-28
more impressed you've kept that many old messages tbh??
grateful to be in nyc with at for "sharing the gospel in contemporary culture." please pray for our time together
thanks . super helpful sessions. grateful for you.
the main reason i have trust issues is because my mom says she's coming but never does
smh wtf bro she asked what time to be here too
so glad i had the chance to take a train to . that view though! see you soon .
we love taking amtrak down to sd too. mission beach is really breathtaking :) hope you get some great photos!
obama hired van jones too. wasn't he a communist?
no he was just some nigger that obama used to hang with.
the fans response to his climbs up the ladder to the tv gantry were always good value too. another mind gif.
i'll never forget him on the radio the night waterford stayed up and cork won the league. he was in cork even
see, they should've just done this in the first place, completely unrelated to the awful first ones. good job
completing the smurfs trilogy
she's doing some live shows in uk. hopefully, a new single is coming.. she should do a dual single. luv me/ liar or...
i really hope so. there needs to be something. the albums too good to just...leave
yet another horrible story.... our world has gone crazy. so sad that this happens to anyone of...
this world is getting more eviler twice as more then over past 100 years
dude no russian was fuckin crazy
it was literally a mission where you were just spraying niggas
i knew it, i saw the reflection of your face all morphed, and i said "jonah can't stream today". 2 for 2
ha you're on a roll!
in the middle of mine.
try the spicy queso next time, it's amazing.
"pardon snowden!" -- jerry lewis, free speech crusader
you will never walk alone...
i am already stressing about returning home to play more obduction after my first session last night
i am trying very hard to like this game but i just feel dumber when i finally figure out a puzzle
they did this to me for a work lunch once. when we re-ordered, they messed brought the wrong food &amp; not enough
el had that happen once also at work.
why that wells fargo board hasn't fired the ceo or gotten his resignation is beyond me. awful elizabeth warren doing their job.
painful as it is, have to agree w her on this one...
after 2+ great years at business insider, tomorrow will be my last day. next month i'll join , and the team at yahoo finance
wait woah, just saw this, congrats!
good to know. my impression of his post history makes me feel differently. i bear him no ill will.
i don't either but pretty clear cut case the guy pushed res against ms pretty bad to now this.
new nbc/wsj likely voters, 2-way: clinton 48% trump 41%
why do people keep doing 2-way polls? they aren't relevant
we might not see rain again until december, christmas came early!
haha! i have literally not seen ca rain since march-and i was in san francisco. it doesn't even think about raining in moho.
yes sir. just enjoy the ride.the experience is worth it all.
very necessary to hear
never worry! we were temporarily distracted by a revolt among a squad of interns tasked with reading trump's speeches.
they were fine with cleaning out toilets after the taco fiesta party, but even for interns, this task went to far.
he should try to do it
he lightweight has
the fans response to his climbs up the ladder to the tv gantry were always good value too. another mind gif.
though he had been working as a "consultant" at waterford. when to'd (i think) mentioned waterford staying up
we're giving away a signed jersey on oct 1st! follow &amp; tag to enter! w...
i'm rooting for team north america now
for anyone that cares, i'll be at mcu park thursday-saturday for the wbc qualifier. and are covering the event.
great ballpark
still not feeling well, so all appointments today are cancelled. it's day-to-day. thurs/fri/sat clients are still booked
wishing you the best!
trump: sit down!
love love love this!!!!
it will be the pt.2 in the ... key info and dates:
aleix garcia will expose their defense
thanks for the follow today! tweet me anytime - i love talking social. :)
most definitely. virginians need to stick together...
just saw you checking in, couldn't believe my eyes. could you cheer up in departures?
i only is it got your message as my wifi was a shocker. what a good flight. i am off to england now.
nbc's chuck todd: 'who cares' hillary clinton associates pushed birther rumors in 2008?
chuck todd biased against hillary.
i've got 99 problems and most of them are dongles for my apple products.
sorry, i think meant to say this:
yes i'm sure hillary is trying to incite more violence. it's part of the plan. she should have been in charlotte last night night
u are what makes america bad again like the days of white bathroom only no need to respond disgusting pepe!
clarification on moncrief's recovery.
4-6wks then new imaging.if enuf healing rtp or else more time needed
i actually didn't try yet :) i wish someone will start a coworking in williamsburg
psssst rough draft is in williamsburg and it's amazing
this is a fun story from r/golf
// nice find, jon.
isis suspected of firing a shell with mustard agent at air base used by us and iraqi troops, us officials say.
this is so not good, what if they r able to bring that here
hemsworth = thor. pratt = starlord/andy from parks &amp; rec. pine = new captain kirk. all cute but... hemswo...
and where would you rank evans in there?
but she told me she's never had to worry about me, she said that if her day comes &amp; she can no longer be with us she's not worried about me.
she knows that i can do it and that i won't give up till i get where i want to be. then i started to cry.
"can someone give me an example of a specific protein" "milk"
bio 190, right
last reminder: join the open forum on africa alternative investment intensive sept 20th ...
thank you all for attending our very informative event yesterday!
the fans response to his climbs up the ladder to the tv gantry were always good value too. another mind gif.
and how dolan must be happy, he replied from the middle of a scrum of cork fans, "i don't care about
excited that is one of nine companies helping americans achieve financial health!...
excited that you'll be at fincon! we missed a chance to talk to you at banking disrupted. hope to catch you in sd!
now that you can post many pics thanks 2 &amp; have space i can show...
i bet that was downright amazing.
i think it'll end up an even 50/50 split. dems need to do a better job linking trump to gop senate candidates.
i feel like trump has been able to get away with so much shit. it's like he's teflon:(
you are aware that anyone putting their hands on you is abuse, right?
yeah i never said it was right. everyone should def keep their hands to themselves
woah! is so famous that made not one, but two wax statues of the actor!...
great actor
hey can i have a gjallarhorn code i never received one thanks!
cnjp-h8nf-l3ph
being disabled myself your speech today highlighted exactly what you needed to do. be positive,
i'd also advise that you keep that strategy at debateslet trump attk, say crazy shityou stay steady, positive, compassionate
the fans response to his climbs up the ladder to the tv gantry were always good value too. another mind gif.
waterford. this cork team, the team i built, has just won the league".
ms guys read the stories about how every game on xb1 thats was upscaled from 900p was complete garbage , they listened
they listened and they still get shit on? got it
the peterson injury forced my hand. i traded in today. no bridgewater, no peterson = no fun.
how bad is the injury?
i'm in the building i almost committed suicide in last year.
i'm glad you're still here.
family earn less than $140k? kamala harris says you should go to college free
our whole live show today @ 3pm is dedicated to sf tenant rights. ask your toughest questions. link
if there's a michael jordan of flinching so much because a cat might scratch you that you bash your head in with your own computer, i'm him.
this tweet is a slam dunk or a home run or a hole-in-1 depending on what sport michael jordan is playing.
what is the name of this song??
it's called faded by zhu
appreciate 's support of our efforts to keep the internet free:
lying ted! he picks up his bible and he.... thanks trump.
you're an angel thank you! i'm pmsing so hard i actually shed a tear
absolutely!! enjoy
like, comment, share and tag anyone who knows the answer to this question! ...
strength and humility.
coming this fall from elektron! analog heat: analog desktop effect (filter, dist., eq), vst/au effect via overbridg...
tap tempo? i hope they didn't leave that off!
the supreme blazers dropping this friday are pretty sick.
i showed you the shoes....which ones are sick?
guess what? bush isn't running &amp; we didn't elect the gop to replace him. but hil promises more of obama &amp; i can't afford her!
you could afford your retirement fund &amp; investments 50% what they are now &amp; annual 15-20% insurance hikes? wow.
- see you then
thats excellent news. i am in the ccr, new york. still, i'm sure the gatwick no. 1 (ie piss) lounge suits some people.
really happy to find out ap found another _cl to tear today. vikings gonna viking.
but wait there's maybe more!
walked into dunkin to get an ice coffee, left receiving a lecture from a hobo about the success of bloomberg's war on gangs idek
hot take: since he was wearing a grimy sanders 2016 shirt, he may have been a former bernie staffer for all i know
listen if y'all know this dude! i wanna give him tickets to the knicks game! he had me
can i cop some tickets too bruh
she told me she's so proud of me and the women i'm becoming. that this is just the beginning and that she knows i'll be successful and happy
i really owe all my success to her.
nbc/wsj poll: clinton 43 (+6) trump 37 johnson 9 stein 3 h2h: clinton 48 (+7) trump 41
typical of nbc to put out a bad agenda poll ahead of a debate. they did it every time during the primaries.
back in the spring i predicted barbara and laura bush would end up appearing in an anti-trump ad. that still might...
i thk barbara bush has forgotten who hillary clinton is married to. i've lost count of the women. dickingbimbos
i don't need to be hateful and jealous of you for this particular thing any longer!
omg yesssssssssssssssssssss &lt;3
in there like swimwear
you're gonna shit yourself for floss
that's my boy rockin them horns fab hat too thanks for sharing chaz
catch is on the show next week! listen to his new music! it is an honor to work with him!
it's a feature, actually -- if you rub on the pillow too much, you become toon-shaded
wow, anime is real
hey thanks !!
you're welcome! &lt;3
and where would you rank evans in there?
brb writing fanfic where thor takes over the enterprise to go fight thanos.
reunited with my daughter after the funeral.. my bff - feeling thankful at john brewers tavern
i'm sorry for loss. beautiful photo of you two
fucking whhhyyy its fake bro
are you dumb jason. the series has been over its voting for a streamy for a good series.
please ask my permission about sharing this
how was cuba/rio/china. did you raise a lot of consciousness
he did a good job with the players mangini drafted. he's been a disaster everywhere since those 1st two years.
when rex has had talent hes won, when he hasnt he hasnt like most coaches, the prob w. rex?hes selfmade target
being disabled myself your speech today highlighted exactly what you needed to do. be positive,
the debates must show just how polar opposite their choices are. people have always chosen a positive future as a choice.
some cute guy walked up to me &amp; asked if i could "fuck him in the butt" i told him i was a bottom but good luck on finding that dick lodkosk
sad that this is the first time i've been hit on by a cute guy in a hot minute
yes i'm sure hillary is trying to incite more violence. it's part of the plan. she should have been in charlotte last night night
what makes america great is the american indian the true americans not people like you
that tweet is shitty .
yeah, u receive what u give
i hear a "but.."
lol nope thats it
gotta get on that son , music is life
big l is not a better lyricist you got that confused with flow my mans
i swear! it's in oside
well i'm on my mountain which a head cold, as you know so maybe if you bring me nyquil &amp; pbr.. you can come over
now we have instagram aping snapchat's functionality, but it lacks the appeal because it's an unneeded add-on to an understood experience.
part of the participatory culture of snapchat is built into the learning curve required to use, you have to "win" against the ux of the app.
you're never too old to howl at the moon.
wow. that is the most stunningly beautiful picture. ty
fucking whhhyyy its fake bro
its been over for almost 6 months.
got em! purchase your copy today to see if any new rumours show up:
best thread 2016
love is dead. this is so sad
well what starts bad ends bad... he cheated and karma will always get ya!!! jennifer got that! boom
take zyrtec while you make an appointment for allergy shots. i find it's non-drowsy but ymmv.
when are you going to the allergist?
well i'm on my mountain which a head cold, as you know so maybe if you bring me nyquil &amp; pbr.. you can come over
with* not which heh
explain to me how tomato bisque is not just a cup of marinara eaten w/ a spoon.
it's grosser.
being late to class is accepted in college, i love college
being late? skipping class is accepted its lit lmao
missin u guys
love that show. come home soon peeps
i imagine i'm this cute when i sleep
when you're not elbowing me in the face
i find it ridiculous that lily forgave her con artist fraud husband, but refuses to accept hilary has changed.
but has she changed lol. just a few months she was jumping jack's bones. lily is usually right about people.
- see you then
i hope your flying skills are better than your sea legs. seeing you flail around with that rope was one of the worst nautical
hillcrest memory antioch electrical fire. should stay closed. new to tweet not sure what to do.
thanks for reaching out. i'll follow up on this. feel free to send me an email at kcameron.com
do lyft and uber drivers not have twitter? do they not see people tirelessly opposing the small talk?
about to text you from my new number. you could delete the old sh*t.
i don't even love trumps hate once
come on now, it's catchy. say it with me, love trumps hate!
cant wait to get off work so i can ugly cry.
much needed sometimes
2016 new york comic con exclusives: wave three!
alright, alright....
must be good weed in the boj conference room. kuroda now thinks he can control 10 yr rates will waste huge purchases of jgb w/no good result
what strain have you smoked recently that you like?
huh! but it has ads and takes forever to load and doesn't fit into one's workflow and edits what you see and is ugly and too bi
what if... what if most people don't know there is a better experience? might be a reason why twitter is having trouble
that might happen
i was tripping during hardwell and i swear i almost pissed myself. floss and hardwell are life changing
5 reasons not to buy the iphone 7
you repeated the same reason a bunch of times in there, and made up falsehood that people need to buy multiple expensive adapters...?
agreed. but you made me see the importance of pointing it out but doing in a way that still reps xbox &amp; the well.
i mean damned if you do damned if you don't ? i don't get it, sorry but i'll go after blatant hypocrite bullshit
you can't adjust sound on the control panel after ios 10, well done apple...
slide to the right mate...that should sort it
question: you're going out to dinner on a 1st or 2nd date. what are some rules both parties should follow? dos/don'ts, etc.
don't set the bar so high you can't impress them down the line.
and it is up now: cc:
fantastic article and details. cudos. oem radar needed on car to open required interface to brake controller for comma acc ctrl
the buffalo team he took over had a top 10 defense dar before. he turned it into one of the worst.
lost a bunch of players
this is hard. i want to rid the world of the hate of trump supporters but jesus tells me to love them. this is what...
i'm so amazed at the lack of empathy &amp; critical thinking. this election has opened my own eyes too.
she's never trailed. i don't think she ever will. election night will be over 10 pm est
well she trails by 2 in reuters and rass but there is an obvious shift back to hrc
playing in san jose tomorrow. it's going to b crazy. show times/ location/ tix here:
any set times ?
love your makeup. does cole have bangs now?
thanks no.....she doesn't. you just imagined it
it would really make my whole day if noticed me
amber control yourself you are a married woman for gods sake
loook u couldve had that but u chose to fuck wit black guys
lmfaoooo... nigga what.. i dated one black guy .. this was when i was 12
mylan pharmaceuticals ceo defends company's decision to increase price of epipen before congressional panel:...
she shd come down with a debilitating illness and not have the meds available to her
- see you then
displays i've seen (since monica &amp; i crashed the superyacht into exuberance).
brunch not blunch
this nigga really said blunch im screaming
couldn't be more proud of my dad . excited to see his remarks during the final meeting:
and gets a standing ovation
you should call yourself ''people with funny hats against israel''.
'traditional hats" you mean. i don't get offensive. i know that your granfather was wearing something similar.
so then i'm confused about ur original comment..
thats fine maybe i take the word survive to literal
i literally only deal with it to get quick access to secondary accounts. otherwise i wouldn't touch it! :( it used to be ok tho
yeah! sadly it was great until they moved to some sort of desktop web client (unless it's native and i just can't tell).
what is the premise of douthat's article? growing unease with us pluralism is emboldening a near nihilistic push back. correct?
the whole point is that it's not pluralism.
such a stronger game from him overall. the more he has the puck, the better he is.
that's jack's problem, his play without the puck. it's the most stark diff between je and cm. cm is a star without the puck.
black seniors lost their minds? &amp; , brother endorse ~
apparently so
who shot the narrative?
apparently a dash cam showing that libs don't get what they want when they get what they want as they wanted dash &amp; body cams
congrats on passing ur road test babe
i love you so much captain
.: "we're supposed to now take in 100k+ people &amp; think it's all going to work out well? i think ppl are hesitant to do that."
sean, besides the costto the american taxpayer, it puts american lives in danger.
- see you then
have a good flight to one of the three places the ba a380 actually goes to.
i read (drudge, eh) that she only has one fundraiser and zero rallies on her schedule between now and october 18th! all surrogates!
drudge is only as good as his links,imo. he links to some credible information and some non-credible,you just have to check.
she's never trailed. i don't think she ever will. election night will be over 10 pm est
however, that is not yet reflected in nc, nv, co or fla but i'm hoping next week we see that
yes, because douthat's column begins and ends with him.
a news hook is also not an endorsement
love the hat tilted smile makes me want more &amp; his rock on .kiefer is laying foundation
yeah, couldn't help but capture this! definitely rockin' new york style!
i thought obama did a crap job in that debate but i didnt freak out
andrew sullivan dont mean squat
. since that's how u feel maybe they can come &amp; live with u in your home. since u think they r all safe
ever consider uploading a profile pic?
if videogamer and its guys trash ms and xbox get the word put &amp; avoid them. unfair/unbalanced criticism wont be supported.
well dave was the last one left , can throw his opinion in the garbage too
retweet if you're also about to kick your grandmas ass in rummikub!
if anyone is looking for fake/sex accounts they seem to really like this old tweet of mine
just made eye contact on my lunch break. she smiled back at me. it made my life. nbd.
what i am so jealous is my idol.
simply one of the best reads. our september 2016 interview with:
i am very happy that you have relocated, shane warne will miss you, however, i am more than happy to have you
still perplexed that the lakers didn't end up chasing budinger. cc:
we really needed to harbor up our backup, backup, backup, pf slot.
hey i'm ready to move back to san fran to live with u
come back!!! ugh
one of these days i need to fucking remember that, when i go to a concert by myself, to not go early to then just stand around. ergh.
just calm down and enjoy a $9 cup of watered down bud light.
actually i don't even think people do like me
i was the 70th person to like this tweet
when we getting more uc4 vids?
ur not. sorry lol. im past that game
junior year is when everyone in communication design realizes they'd rather be doing anything else than communication design
and then ur stuck bc everyone says "well at least you'll make money"
they were the bomb
yess they were
a 12yr old kid today told me to vote for trump. like....... you bouta catch these hands boy
should've flicked him on his forehead smh
interesting. when my pastor gets excited about his message, i'm moody too.
when my pastor gets excited, i get an anxiety attack - or maybe it's shock that he's prepared
nbc/wsj's peter hart on what poll shows as election day approaches: "hardening of personal dislike and professional uncertainty about trump"
hopefully, empathy &amp; critical thinking prevail.
so you'd rather them not reprint them?
think of it this way. it's your turn to bring donuts to the office. you show up with two donuts. you did bring donuts....
right. i'd probably fall in the rory category
with specs of lane
black men may have cause to run from police, massachusetts high court says
not exactly a bolt from the blue
ha. at what point do you fb friend request someone? i dated a guy for like 5 months recently and we never became fb friends.
post engagment sounds right. *daisy and tom became friends. * 2m later daisy and tom are engaged. boom.
where's and his headass when you need him....
"cerebral is the corporate word for headass" lol
when we getting more uc4 vids?
game gave me enuff strokes and heart attacks
hold up is heading to top 15 at urban, currently top 20 at rhythmic, top 40 at urban ac
update: hold up is top 15 at urban
daily reminder that hillary suffered a brain injury so severe she used it as an excuse not to answer fbi questions.
it's a 6 year bout with pneumonia! she really thinks we're stupid. not for the reg. americans. it's time for a change. trump!
this morning's music is under the covers, from , and it's magnificent
i always knew you had excellent taste in music!
looked at the line-up!! screenwriter of seven will be in attendance too
hell yeah! the screenwriter of seven is the screenwriter of nerdland!
not to brag or nuthin' but in 35 mins i'll be seeing , , and in . + i just ate awesome paneer
you're bragging but with good reason.
pffff he gonna catch a cap for saying them vegan cali gays better than texas
ur missing out homie cali is fkn lit
oh man that's not fun, my mom and my aunt both had one of those
lucky i don't feel any pain. this going to be 3rd ultrasounds since spring
thanks but xray was negative?
yes but can be very subtle. my assumption given midfoot info is that it's a lisfranc
now. he just couldn't leave in place the 4-3 system that worked and had to have his system. it was insanity.
he lost a bunch of players on that d and when u bring in a coach u bring in a system, he was a bad fit 4 buff
latest national poll has clinton leading trump by 6 points | ap photo
guessing canceling her events and sleeping a lot did the trick
youtube uploads video about boosting the community with "youtube heroes" but turns off the comments? sending a great message
sounds about right
voice bob fitzgerald has lost his childhood sweetheart of 35 years to cancer. the family's 4 year ordeal was a symbol of dignity.
may her memory be eternal. god rest her soul.
glad to be joined by my friend on tonight!
. quality politicians, more of those please!
tee hee. is trending. just click on it here for a bit of a laugh let's seeoh holy fucking yuck.
the man's a mess.
thanks but xray was negative?
can be other things as well like a navicular stress fracture
why does coffee sometimes make me feel like i'm gonna throw up :(
too much caffeine always messes with my stomach if i don't eat!!
its like the last 3 years were a dream bullshit it happened and its not getting switched around
fix it and it's bad, don't talk about it , don't fix it and have truth comes out articles at 900p cutscenes lol hahahah
are you in the shchuna?
had an errand to do down here. sitting in prime sandwich getting a bite.
1 year ! best year of my working life full of learnings, excitements, friendships &amp; contributing to meaning...
happy twitterversary !
does kemp have a spot in this roster next year?
depends on what they do in offseason
i have fashioned myself a plate full of veggies and it feels like the best decision i've ever made.
healthy body healthy life
(there's no way pauly d is a real person)
my girl right here
enjoying training course today! skilling up for the frog field season!
no need for 4wd, c'mon you have the little red car
shook is what you should be feeling a little now.
lol bye! we put the definition up multiply times
oh no! what happened? speedy recovery... i hope this didn't involve an antonio brown td dance reenactment.
for sure! grand canyon accident actually :)
mclaren is only worth $1.5b? apple could buy 150 of them, but denied. cc:
jony ive wdc 2017!
i couldn't agree more... with hillary there is hope.. very good point.
i also think there should be a permanent disability status hillary so every year we don't have to keep doing these
when it comes to my personal values, i don't really care what anyone else does. as for me and my house....
"...we will serve the lord."
don't understand how rioting, looting and acting like thugs is a good way to protest the police profiling you as rioters, looters and thugs?
isn't protesting racial profiling, they're rioting because cops have the audacity to stop blacks from committing crimes.
the verge is really hanging their collective hat on this no-headphone-jack thing.
take solace in the replies all calling on this
awh i would've if i saw this 30 mins ago
i found out overlook closes at 2 so now i'm at lobos
thanks for rolling over and playing dead
means a clinch on our field. not what we wanted either.
recent poll reveals colin kaepernick as nfl's most disliked player.
strike two...one more unlike!
mark, i remember meeting you and feeling like i met one of the beatles (not ringo). it was always a pleasure workin...
thanks andy, really appreciate that. and i remember you also saying it was like meeting the guys from peep show - and i was mark.
my life when you aren't here
hopefully last night will last us till tuesday
our love is a special love...
that is terrifying! i thought you hated maniquins?! ?
if you look closely on your tl this tweet is better.
twitter status-line is a tweet too. first thing one sees in one's tl. not everyone's is as good as yours.
i have a&amp;p thursday and then clinical in the morning friday otherwise i would have already!!!
just go after a&amp;p! you know you wanna you and both get one!
combined forces to form l-squad...
is captain?
i can't believe you guys haven't had a pizookie before
ahhh! and i work down the street from a bj's!!!
i also think there should be a permanent disability status hillary so every year we don't have to keep doing these
these humiliating forms to reauthorize our benefits. simply put, some of us will always be severely disabled.
. &amp; i look fwd to 's 'conversations: the future of ' at 20oct. free tix
hope to be there too. checking on rearranging my schedule.
new song!! - discover ft. (yitaku remix) stream: ily &lt;3
sheesh.
support this wonderful organization and donate your $$$ today! still 29 hours to go &lt;3
thank you so much!! ^ ^
i hear they know a thing or two about receipt printers as well
star has the right printer for any point of sale need! :)
hahaha. this is your great socialist councilwoman seattle
i think its very fitting that someone as bad as sawant is making this incredibly dangerous argument
thanks , means a lot coming from the queen of douchebags
i forced myself to follow you
whoa gas is $9 a gallon, glad i don't use much these days
i'm starting to think that particular 7-11 was gouging, luckily i didn't need to stop.
curse the entire class out, and walk out
smack her and blame it on ptsd.. studies support that type of outburst in this setting lol
when you lose about 40% of your material to write about you get a little angry.
salty , sad i was ok with dave but well that was a bit much
so the beauty supply had a 0.30 cent sale on hair dye. currently awaiting the results of this purchase, prayers are welcome.
omg what color did the box say
ironically, i'm on a bus now on the ues
a shchuna of a very different sort but a shchuna nonetheless
my mind is blown! first day using the platform to save patients $ by using e-consults, and i'm...
we're thrilled that you're enjoying the platform!
"what do girls see in the joker?!" this mf this is what we see
i am less into the joker as a sex symbol and more as a lover of harley quinn.
thanks , means a lot coming from the queen of douchebags
already you picked up a couple because of me
superficial question to women, but i'm going to ask regardless; does melania deliberately squint or has she got rea...
who knows? where the heck is ? we've certainly seen "more" of her than any other potential first lady. why hide now?
my latest 538 piece, co-authored with . only 4% of jewish donations going to trump, vs 29% to romney
guess they're getting very leery of his palling around with anti semites:kkk, et al
update: still didn't get a yearbook
call them and lay down the law
this is the goat that mr had an affair with in 1994 east hampton
he looks older now but he was a spring chicken fall 1994, easr hampton
make it the 21 days of drunk
that sounds wonderful
the con man will never show how poor he really is.
how many alimony checks every month!? lol
guys like them are immediately surrounded by very serious advisors on $10k/month retainers helping to give away money.
there's definitely a limit to how much operational orgs can absorb. but these "start a giant research project" things... smh
it's official. i own my very own apartment now!
you bought an apartment?
i just tried to cat call and her curve game is too strong
i have my headphones in lmao where were u omg
that's so cute! we can picture max with a ton of other cute pups. how many outfits does he own??
maxamillion has quite a few sweaters. perhaps even more than some people.
nbc news polls: kicking republicans in the ass since 2008.
i hear cnn has hillary up by 100 %
dude, you need to park that thing, was yesterday
not big enough! xd
live at 5:30 where there's a growing memorial for who was shot &amp; killed by police, sparking...
be safe out there!
looked healthy, too.
did you get a good response to your mike brown question?
ooooohhhh a graduate of a class!!! wowww! guess that gives u right to distort. my bad
but he's not distorting anything. that was a quote by king
lmfao y'all dedicated as shit cause i don't see how y'all do that everyday
bro that's what i'm saying like i applaud the women who have the patience to do that.
demands veto "one-sided" un resolutions on peace process ...
talking about exerting influence
and people still go to her. i cannott.
and @ em' i'm like nahhhhh don't do that. i be wanting to blame lighting but nope. it's the talent.
"what do girls see in the joker?!" this mf this is what we see
i want someone to love me the way he loves harley.
i was on your flight tojfk from bermuda
and where are ye now?
mercedes or some luxury brand is developing one now. maybe within another 10 years
they got a car that flies itself lmao
i cannot fwu if you think that since i go to fashion school it's "easy"
or that "it's not real college"
should we keep asking questions?
where is the: um fuck yeah! option?
hs v college- hs: "i have a test this week ahhhh" college: "i have 3 tests 2 essays and a project i might nap then go party idk yet tho"
i don't know what you're talking about. thats been high school for me... minus the partying
...outlets. phil was right all along. be aggressive with your product and stay classy. eventually their arrogance will...
i operate the way i operate. if nothing is said some won't see, too eaches own, that's blatant bullshit hypocrisy there
thanks for being the force behind deadpool v gambit. it was a fun ride and a nice break from limboville for gambit fans!
it was such a fun series! &amp; nailed the tone all the way through!
by the way ricky, lv will never ever get the nfl!!!! you dumb shit ricky!!!!
stoped using the other account huh it's funny how you have almost the exact same followers as but claim otherwise
nice job on fbn danielle. if that guy towed the co line any harder he could pul an 18 wheeler with one arm...
right?? every american thrilled with the current state of economy? how do you say that with a straight face and sleep at night?
my homie is doing his dissertation about black pro-athletes and social alienation. he just explained these brothers are far too gone.
not or the other players that have joined him. fear of losing enforcements is real but do the right thing.
very excited to be back at columbia j-school for my "snapchat for journalists" presentation ...
thank you for organizing a thought provoking educator's symposium.
when you hit post 2000s kathleen turner, you've found the sweet spot.
i'll get some bourbon and a pack of lucky strike and start working on that.
i'd rather have sakura. that place is the shit
buffets are always good lol
like gates and others, there appears to be no thought to the appropriateness of the intervention.
i mean, i think research is really important too. but is this going to change paradigms? i doubt it.
i have no clue y they keep using it like that?
in nyc, which is in america "shook" means we are in awe. we can't explain this any further
romney is a sore loser, he went into hiding after his loss to obama!
what does that have to do with anything? he released his tax records. where are trump's?
in some cultures there is no wedding without family approval.
i think in quite a few. i was actually quoting eric. i loved when he said that.
i believe he's using prisma.
yep--the prisma app. ^_^
i'm trying trump will win michigan!!! there isn't a person i won't talk to about trump! if ur in my space i...
i'm from ny. pathetic sheep following the herd hear won't change.they like paying high taxes and getting little in return
this number explains why donald trump probably won't ever release his tax returns
true...very few could understand what was in there and those people probably haven't seen the sun in a few years. waste of a tree.
the question that paralyzed half of dc editorial at lunch: what is the best (i.e. least awful) video game movie?
probably mortal kombat, mainly for the theme song... lol
theres so many hidden swasticas here im crying
im serious i collapsed in the ground laughing so hard i ceased to breath
awww. angelina and brad are pfffttt. it's none of my business, as it is none of yours, but i liked them as a couple and am sorry it's over.
your right . it's none of your business!!!!
"he's just pandering" nah, donald trump been talking about retargeting wealth to inner cities since the 80's.
listen here!
: wrong. there's only one proper way to think. "both versions" discussions are literally hitler....
that kind of progressive puritanism is literally bullshit and part of what's driving trumpism to the forefront
i fasho would've came with a bottle it was because my boss was on register with me i hook up andrew all the time~
next time you work i'll come in~~ how much discount can u five
getting off the internet. seeking food. bye
i'm coming over !!!!!!!!!!!!!! hold tight
it wasn't even over a night,she arrived after midnight and left before 05:00am. paid almost r12k for few hours stay
- easy to waste public money!
a black market has developed in the panama papers. denmark states it will buy some for ~$1.5m. why? because less than 0.1% were published.
panama papers are a case study |..in how to hijack a leak. h/t:
can we expect that on october 12, you will reveal the star wars: classified series?
some time in october, for sure.
nbc/wsj poll by gender: trump +2 with men (romney was +7); clinton +14 with women (obama was +11)
where the heck is ? we've certainly seen "more" of her than any other potential first lady. why hide now?
(context isn't grammar)
lol, you must be a barrel of laughs. turn it around all you want, you're the only 1 out 160k that...
when jaszlyn thought it was okay to eat a whole ass meal with 1 hand
hahahahah shut up im a talented driver who can multitask.
bill clinton supports lower corporate tax rate, says reasoning for tpp clear it is super clear where this is going.
. we need to oppose this family entering the white house again. stop focus on crazy trump and instead focus on
this is not a debate. it isn't about hearing trump's side. "stop-and-frisk" is racist, unconstitutional, and ineffective. say as much.
if media doesn't want to wade into the racism of "stop-and-frisk," at least note the proven fact that the tactic is ineffective.
he asked dude if hilary was sicker than they said she was and homie said she probably has aids x______________x
and then when asked how she got aids dude said from bill clinton. then when asked how bill got it he said from hangin out with magic johnson
how do you know what i pay in taxes? really
maybe less than 0.5% of nyc pay more in city taxes than i. so it's a guess. i still cannot afford to buy in park slope
hi tim, that's very sad to hear. how did that happen? if so many smart people love and support sun, there should've been a way...
. not sure what's happening w/ . huge loss were they to shut down. maybe they'll figure something out still. ;-)
i prefer to focus on more moments like this.
that's galit, right? totally adorable!
or that "it's not real college"
because it is, im constantly in competition with artist like myself, am taught by industry professionals with high standards
i can use all of my 250 ricky accounts ricky! try and stop me ricky!!
i don't care what you do it's just sad
its ms and sony job to sell to their strength , its the medias job to unbiasly report it
yep isn't media supposed to call it down the line? or is this politics and waver to positions?
love u too mane i can't believe we out of the high lol it hit me 2day
ily and am glad we could help
this thread is a self-searcher's worst nightmare.
if anyone is self-searching, i faved all replies. i agree with very few of them.
you need to see this 7-6 romanian prospect's highlights.
he runs like a kid with wooden sticks for legs. lol
next semester or year?
lmao at this point either ya want to come?
congressman to epipen company ceo: 'they raised the prices to get filthy rich'
all that money and she can't smile for the camera?
the people listening to dirty msm don't know what corporate taxes look like. they think it's a one page form
what? do you think his excuse is to save the trees? produce them electronically then!
after the two weeks just had, this has to be tough news for the team.
her worst 2 weeks of the entire campaign seems this past week to be mostly silenced now.
the rest of us moved past it 9 months ago.
i think about it every day, like a love i lost at sea or a really good book i read in a parisian cafe!
i can't keep up fam lol
lmaoo u saw the booty pics?
la misma . i just found out that she was my girlfriend
nigguh i swear you have a new one every other weekend!
dude wasn't armed
the pd dash cam disagrees with you
can't wait to wild out w my bish tomorrow
what's tomorrow?
probably thinks being is an honor given to him in !
someone beat me to this on today's , but this gives us pres. pence; conspiracy? you decide...
what exactly would you have the h campaign do differently? she's calling out t's bigotry/etc.
get a better candidate who can win an election.
vikings officials say rb adrian peterson does not have a torn lcl; other sources say he does.
?lcl will make a big difference in his rtp &amp; long term outcome
why doesn't he go in with the main account holder and get it replaced?
i think he was just waiting for all of us to twitter-shame him. it's pretty much how the world works now.
this looks really delicious! is the hollywood cafe a favorite spot of yours??
yes it was delicious. yea a great little pit stop place for breakfast in san fran
umich, bless their souls, made a video about how my life experiences have informed my research &amp; policy engagement.
loved this. thanks for sharing.
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
fahd thanks for the rt of my story. i appreciate you doing so. have a great night.
also can you bring me cold cheese on friday? i'll tongue your face.
i'll see what i can do
longest and only relationship i ever been in happy 9 months bubba.
lowkey might have to delete this later cause she's gonna be mad lmaoooooo
truth is that whole stupid "xbox vs ps4, 900p vs 1080p" was all anyone talked about, not just dave.
yeah and ms fixed it and now they should t say anything? now checkerboard 2k is fine and dandy? that truth?
i came to this meeting 45 minutes early because i was so anxious about being late. so i'm just sittin here.
my entire life in a nutshell.
trump can say again look at my african american over there! yay! i got one! i got one!
he said my african american friend..... you missed that b/c you must have watched the cnn version!!
plus the fact the ny cops were prepared while a single cop was dealing with a split second decision.
there were multiple cops on the scene. and a frigging helicopter. for a disabled vehicle mind you.
especially bc i eat everything lol
nothin wrong with that
retweet. i think most things in college are hard (i mean it is college) ignore boo and go kill fashion school ok
i spent 7 hours in a library and slept for 2 hours last night. had an 8 am this morning and i have a night class tn so hi college
she has an eye infection and a cancerous tumor on her mammary gland
no way :( but she looked fine two days ago
the fact that you cant name 1 thing did does not surprise me at all do you support her policies? so u know them
lol, so you are saying if someone dies in the military they should only get 12k, not 100k? what an elitist.
the clinton school of believability?..he was probably an instructor..
i'm with you on that.
when your bestfriend leaves the next morning
this use to be me u n shan
hey rachel!
hey! nice to meet you! i'll keep you updated :)
i no longer want to be vegan there's a chick fil a down the streets scream for me
think of the life not the meal!!!
fuck nyc traffic. it's the worst traffic ever. fuck fuck fuck! this is coming from a person who lived in la. big fuck you to you nyc traffic
bold. how will nyc traffic respond to these allegations
tried to engage a "post-truther" with actual facts today and man was that futile. best of luck with your mediocre life, sir
mediocre man to the burn unit
please email our support team with your order information and we will look into this issue for you.thank you.
great because your phone support was zero help "i really don't know where your order is"
never know, maybe obama will move back to kenya, and become their king. king mohammad obama! lol
they are welcome to him! maybe he wants to start that job early...say..nov.9th???
right? the bonus room sounds great but that's a lot of exclamation points.
at first i read this as the bonus room is a closet, but what makes it a bonus? shouldn't it just be a bedroom or rumpus room?
after the two weeks just had, this has to be tough news for the team.
i believe the last 6 of 7 polls have shown hrc ahead 2 to 5 among lvs while reuters showed -2
$twlo trading at 19-20x last q's revenues! after setting a recent record for gaap losses!
if they seek a lockup waiver to do a secondary, short the stock.
bombing case points to gaps in donald trump's and hillary clinton's antiterror plans by...
there you go again. when the hell has trump had any plan? stop comparing the two. they are not equal
thanks for writing this, nerds! (aka [jk i love you for writing this {but you're still nerds!! &lt;jk&gt;}])
by the nerds, for the nerds.
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
bill thanks for the rt. love that you did so. hopefully it will help others overcome as well.
does g.johnson just stay high"all"thehe had no idea where &amp; what aleppo was&amp; was so happy no1 got hurt in ny bombings hhmmevil or moron
he is an idiot all the way
former rfk speechwriter is tired of war, so he's voting for the take-their-oil and kill-their-families candidate:
pound for pound whose decisions killed more in the last 15 years?
whats good at shake shack
smokeshack or the chicken sandwich imo
well, you know.
wait, no, i don't. did you buy or are you renting?
nothing gets my anxiety pumped up and gets me more irritated than feeling rushed.sometimes i'll get so irritated i cry lol
that shit's aggy
oh so, i went to nintendo world and played a wind waker hd demo and it was so good.
it looked really washed out in screenshots but in gameplay it looks absolutely fine. fuck i need a wiiu
now. he just couldn't leave in place the 4-3 system that worked and had to have his system. it was insanity.
one example in hundreds of coaches
$600 million for latrines. literally, that's it. just proper latrines, everywhere. roi. it's not sexy, but global health isn't, really.
here's an under-appreciated fact about global health: we've had all the tech we need to feed, house, care for everyone for 75+ years.
when and i announce our divorce, our wax figures will also be separated
i will be taking one and precisely one of these wax figures with me onto the open road
i'm not trying to change you at all. keep calling out what you see is wrong.
i let things fly a lot now but this was pure bullshit
the ending was sick too
the boat chase!
brother i appreciate you and what you do so much, right now we need you and people like you empowering our people, thank you.
peace it's going to take the community to undo this mess but it's doable
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
jmt you rock! thanks for the rt and the tips. glad to be connected.
why yes, i'll follow you back, .
cherry chocolate tweet
because it is, im constantly in competition with artist like myself, am taught by industry professionals with high standards
i put in hoursssss of my life in the library, researching, creating and trying to execute ideas to get into the hardest industry so stfu
q: will my "forget it jake, it's chinatown" reference go over the heads of a bunch of 23 year-olds or no?
if they don't get it entirely, they'll think of another jake, and that's okay.
after the two weeks just had, this has to be tough news for the team.
however the shift back in nat polls to hrc has not been reflected in state polls yet. they tend to lag behind by 1 to 2 weeks
today is really not my day i lost my water bottle and my teacher thinks i cheated on my test fml
how are you gonna cheat on a test with a lost water bottle wtf
excellent. want me to send some over? are you in the us?
welcome, to 4am island
: zero-sum game: someone wins, someone loses. one of the greatest non-zero sum games.
in a non-zero sum game, in order for someone to win, others have to win.
amazing. the numbers just do not add up.
the only large rally she had was her announcement, every one since then has been pathetic, how is she winning in polls?
daily reminder hillary clinton's it guy, the one who pled 5th and didn't show up to hearings, asked on reddit how to hide her email evidence
prob didnt ask reddit directions to the court
hillary is married to an accused rapist. or do you not believe juanita broaddrick?
who are you? and who forwarded this stupid shit
where's my harley? total look philippplein78 for the show!
you must be good friends with melissa satta
happy birthday to my amazing son christian, goaltender on the bentley club hockey team!
happy 21st, young man!
same here we are all excitedvto watch n po and we have already our ticket
oh hi! thanks! so i'll see you saturday it's gonna an awesome, exciting day!
but how do we know which camp we fall into if you only fave and don't reply?
i replied to the ones i had a strong opinion about, mostly. and i didn't reply to strangers because i don't argue with strangers.
i really think you should consider being an inner city police officer. you know, for perspective.
neither killing happened in the "inner city". maybe you should try getting accurate info, you know, for perspective
were the cases were dave reported on 900p resolution on xbox games not true?
they were but now ms can't tout it? what are you trying to say?
gurl you r too much. but i'd be down
you know you love me... next fall what you thinking?? we had so much fun!
just read your email. i love your new haircut. so cute.
thanks! short is a blast! love yours too!
these new shoes are a little tight but they're so comfortable.
that heat is bad on your cankles, you need a water pill.
the 1st and 2nd weekend of october i have my apartment all to myself. birthday week will either be a blur or filled with masks and wine.
both options sound the same to me
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
thanks folks for the rt. awesome that you did so. :) ride safe. ride strong.
he adapted to fit the talented rather than forcing the system he was brought up on.
helps to have hall of famers on ur team, especially at qb. steelers d hasnt been great in a while
were the cases were dave reported on 900p resolution on xbox games not true?
so ms fixes it and they can't talk about it,or they don't and have the truth comes out articles
i was agreeing it doesnt deserve a pardon. its the annoying kid going "look i'm not touching t3".
sorry took as meaning the other thing
these pollsters who ask voters whether they want a wall on the "entire" southern border are so dishonest -- that's not even trump's position
trump is killing hillary in wyoming
thomas sewell is an idiot lol you're dismissed
yes.certainly.go ahead and use name-calling when the facts are against you.
i put in hoursssss of my life in the library, researching, creating and trying to execute ideas to get into the hardest industry so stfu
and my professors are gay. they the most judgmental and don't care if they hurt your feelings by not liking your work. so don't talk to me
"and with every pass she completed,she left a thicker layer of tar for women less fortunate than she was." there,i fixed it
all of these white feminists have the exact same joan of arc complex they project onto hillary to feel powerful
i'm actually so mad.
a lot of people feel this way!
don shula changing from a run first coach when he got marino.
again, helps to have talent
here's an under-appreciated fact about global health: we've had all the tech we need to feed, house, care for everyone for 75+ years.
it really, truly is about distribution. it's political, but also about the hardest challenge of all: large human workforces in needy areas.
others at 5
and one is in your color
something surprising i'm learning via is that many coworking spaces have music or tv playing at all times
interesting observation! good? bad? neutral?
nice try....if my spouse sent out sexual pictures over many years.. i wouldn't be surprised by another...omg
lol you think she was surprised......
all a guy wants is a great salary, a dope ride, wonderful friends &amp; family, a beautiful, faithful wife, beer, &amp; a few championship rings.
that's a lot bro haha
my last bad day 7-11-01, my journey from victim to victor. youtube:
thanks robin for the rt of my story. love that you did so. happy to be connected.
i just thought of one and realized it was about someone who would definitely search his own name.
feel free to dm or text.
worst. buddy cop show. ever. rt ultimately, they deserve one another. a match made in....well, god knows where!
i heard they were remaking lethal weapon for television, i didn't realize it would be trump's new "reality" show.
you're like an oreo except somebody that doesn't drink water pissed on the cream
im crying this is beautiful
say it louder for the people in the back. plus you're having to be creative and get a grade on that. that's tough!!
ugh i just need a nap
would sign the tpp
you hear that bernie folks?
kind of voter "thinking" just drives me around the bend. trump brands himself a "truth teller," ergo, he is one.
fucked how his racism makes him seem "honest". of course the blacks are ....
keith jackson is my favorite announcer of all time. last call was usc vs texas natl title-the best game ever played
helluva game, yes. as a trojan i was haunted by it longer than i'd care to admit.
. you gave 's fdn $5m. was this, as suggests, a gift in lieu of payment t...
also when fdn satisfied his obligation taxable to him
cafeteria worker who quit calls student lunch policy 'shameful'
stop eating the kids lunches
but most new coaches take over bad teams where talent overhaul is need. wasn't case in buffalo or pittsburgh.
like i said, buff was a bad fit for rex
an open mic performance where i just stand and cry
this. this is gold. let me know if you want to make it a duet.
ew i just threw up
uhm you didn't have to hear what dad said to mom in front of us. you would have died
what's good famo
shoot me your number ima text you
were the cases were dave reported on 900p resolution on xbox games not true?
what dave is saying is we ridiculed you for it, now you flipped it, don't talk about it?
the life i love is making music w my friends
wanna be ffriends
filed under "blasphemy" over at .
perhaps there is no such thing as bad publicity?
um. i love every single one of these bands. hi.
youre both perfect please be friends omg
only men who use a woman's sexual hx as a defense for murder are serial killers. profile, after profile.
"as a defense for murder"&lt;--i didn't see that in the article. can u quote the passage?
waiting to get stitches on my hand
hope you are healing well!
why is it a good sign, is it guilty or innocent?
no notes mean they understand the evidence, it means they are still going back and forth. bad sign is note: "we're stuck."
i've been there couple times, but i don't fit in (too quiet)
ahh! we know of some energetic spaces, but not in williamsburg!
i think i'm allright at pulling off the crackhead aesthetic
you used a crackhead aesthetic because only crackheads play melty right
yeah i knew what vine u were tryna imitate thats why i was rolling lmao
yea shit has me dyin everytime! amar hella slapped me!
people like to chatter but opinions don't change shit; if he make 10 mil more in endorsements he can do more for the community
yea people get swayed too easy off a cut off segment or a headline, cam does a lot for the youth &amp; those in needs, can't hate him
you could win 2 tickets to heroes after dark! tell us your fave hero &amp; why with . rules:...
captain america, because he stands up for what he believes in. and language...
quit social media | dr. cal newport --&gt; i appreciate the irony of sharing this here...
so good. i was going to tweet this too but then i hesitated because of the irony.
have you noticed that the anti-trump hysteria is growing? the reason for the hatred is that the establishment thinks trump could win. -bo'r
stfu you ignorant racist asshole.
literally me dropping hints all over be place
as long as you promise not to lose stuff
and then ur stuck bc everyone says "well at least you'll make money"
every time i have to go to class i hear a sad womp womp sound
all this vegan talk makes me want to eat a deer
i actually would love some venison... dont know where to get it though
the bombing suspect declared that "the sounds of bombs will be heard in the streets" in a journal found on him.
this is what these people want, to terrorize and be a memory in everyones mind of the damage they created!
great movie!
fantastic film. i agree.
are u white?
lol girl we are black as they come!
have you seen that chris freeman left manorch :(
yeah, dude. i hate that, but he's such a talented guy. excited to see what he does after
why hillary's maternity leave proposal will crush our economy
your idiot daughter doesn't understand a lot, doesn't mean they don't work pitiful she hates usa &amp; doesn't think we can do it
i appreciate you for posting this, couldn't find it!
took me a while to find it too. glad it helped!
a woman's sexual past, regardless of what is, isn't a reason, excuse or defense 4 murdering her. period
"a reason, excuse or defense 4 murdering her."&lt;--where are you getting this from?
tyvm: 4the +
tyvm; 4t &amp; + 4t
ok. have i raved to you about monoprice's cheap eat buds? they're rad, and get better sound than the pods.
mmmmm ear buds
amber im saying two different things bruh like theyre not related lmao
ohhhhhhh i was confused oops
thanks for the rts &amp; likes! hope you're having a fantastic week!
days filled w/books and kids reading are always good weeks
i know some awesome women in infosec but they aren't on twitter. how may i put them in touch?
oh, good call! you can direct message me their emails :)
ok. have i raved to you about monoprice's cheap eat buds? they're rad, and get better sound than the pods.
mmmmm eat buds
. strange! what is going on? someone make an app trying to map every phone number in the us...?
me too. i trace them online and every single one has been classified as a residential landline.
welp, my xcode source editor extension was working fine, then it wasn't. i hate xpc.
random wonderings: are you using one or making one?
when they spent the last 3 years shovel dirt on ms as fast as they could
short memories we have to have a interrogation of ap on tweets with marks lol
don't think we know enough about him. pickford seems up to it
cheers thx!
it hasn't because the talent got old. but the point is ryan puts system ahead of all other things.
he lost tons of players, im done with this conversation call the show at six if u want
what's espn's concussion protocol?
i stand with skip
unscientific poll. how many of you are buying a 7 plus on the basis of the camera as the driver?
that is what made me go 7 plus over 7.
i got some wine if you need that too
that would be fantastic
proud to announce that i will be a contibutor for based in italy. you will find my photo archive in their blog
you gotta let people enjoy their lane with out you trying to come up off of it.
bold. how will nyc traffic respond to these allegations
with a solution! i'm calm now. thanks for the concern kaitlyn
its irrelevant.her sexual past didnt make him murder her any more than her banking hx made him murderer
"any more than her banking hx made him murderer"&lt;--i'm not able to follow your point.
we have two names to add to a long list of african americans killed by police officers. it's unbearable, and it needs to become intolerable.
u r a real kissass 4 the black vote! u need 2 apologize 2 white people who the hell r u 2 say whites don't do a good job!
it really, truly is about distribution. it's political, but also about the hardest challenge of all: large human workforces in needy areas.
tech helps! but we need teachers, nurses, cops, bureaucrats (yes!) who are paid &amp; do their jobs. not silver bullet white elephant moonshots.
i'm killing myself. my roommate found my id in the food pantry
lmfao how out of all places
like seriously lol he was like "he's gonna make america great again" i was like let me just walk away before i go off on him
lmao i would've done it honestly kids are so naive
the beating sony gave ms at launch is why xbox is so great now its why scorpio is a beast
so drew ms can't talk about it now? just say nothing ? i mean don't get dave thoughts
you show em, bae.
it was supposed to be peanut butter biscuits but i tasted no peanut butter. lies.
thanks man! big fan saw u in melb couple years back. guessing yr asian family not very supportive when first doin stand up?
i never told them i was doing it.
. i'm using a to get to your route suggestions from 57/br...
what a great idea!
shut it. what was your flavor? i'm guessing red. cherry?
cherry --&gt; lime --&gt; orange/lemon. but really, we're talking: 99/98.5/97
stupid ass cat jumped in my video i gotta re do
lmfaoooooo im jus thinking about all the times shadoo was in the bed while i was getting dick
ok well he's off to a bad start.
is this the part where i tell folks i'm available? because folks...i'm available.
hey ricky!! where's alspirit?? i mean me!!!
you can lie all you want sucka but don't lie to yourself man have some respect for yourself.
no. this was from when was here. i'll be there tomorrow for the media preview tho!
ohhhh i want a milkshake.
she doesn't get it. or she doesn't care. either way stop deluding yourself that your some great social justice warr...
god i love having the sjw to skeleton warrior extension installed because this tweet is so much better now
who's hot princess?? lol
idk somebody on soundcloud who keeps saying hi to y'all..i was about to tell her hot tail something but i'm a chill...lol
i wana b invited
you already know
obama today: "in order to realize the promise of the un, the us must give up freedoms" unbelievable.
the greatest day in american history will be 4 months from now when the traitor bho leaves the wh!!
i play hearthstone on occasion, i'm more of a wow and diablo fan personally. i suck at first person, so no overwatch for me. xd
bummer. i was hoping to game with you sometime. :)
4 the last time! no its not! if she was a prostitute-why wld she say no-not sure why u wld think diff- ruok?
"if she was a prostitute-why wld she say no-"&lt;---you tell me.
nah. movie time at 6. have me on again sometime to talk giants. but not tonight.
not surprised have a good night
okay there goes my appetite for the next week.
don't blame me take it up with your elected representative
fun fact about me: i always wanted to be a soap opera actress lol
there is still time!!
tabari is 2nd hijri century. and qurtubi is later. both are classic texts..
which of their work are you referencing?
75% on rotten tomatoes isn't bad
two thumbs up
"the best teachers are those who show you where to look, but don't tell you what to see." -alexandra k. trenfor
suuuuper true! i think that's why teaching is so hard
i paid hard-earned dollars for it.
i mean, i pay my hard-earned dollars for an apartment that i rent. you said you bought, so i was asking. truly just curious!
my attention has been drawn to the presence of buhari's wife and daughters at un general assmbly. stand up for our new un representatives
there is nothing wrong if the kids were brought in to see the unga. ojay u have been there, its worthwhile.
you can lie all you want sucka but don't lie to yourself man have some respect for yourself.
what part of oakland you from again?
great talk! thank you. is the blog post about telescopes photographing telescopes still up? couldn't find
thanks! yes the post is still up on our medium channel thing: cc
but they are not supposed to be lovers
lets rewrite the book!
4 the last time! no its not! if she was a prostitute-why wld she say no-not sure why u wld think diff- ruok?
you don't think a pros can or would say "no" to a john?
uses the n-word in front of , he smirks..
trump ate that up. and don king is a sambo dancing negro.
this chink really said nigga im screaming
im a gook ass nigga
first the speaker now this? smh? what's next giselle
49ers r ass too
worst. buddy cop show. ever. rt ultimately, they deserve one another. a match made in....well, god knows where!
the best thing is at my age i can respond to this with:
last resort? they try the legal system? no, let's go and steal some flat screen tvs. please
the legal system does not serve black and brown ppl. ask family.
its ms to sell us on scorpio just like it was sony job to sell the ps4
according to some you can't tout what other touted and you pushed for 3 years. lol unreal
ahaha! actually, my vodka soda was only 3. i'm used to high london prices, or brum prices. this was kinda cheap, woo!
ugh, the measured pour at uk bars totally bums me.
tech helps! but we need teachers, nurses, cops, bureaucrats (yes!) who are paid &amp; do their jobs. not silver bullet white elephant moonshots.
big, sprawling, distributed workforces are hard, no where more so than for poor govts with lots of land &amp; weak controls &amp; corruption.
just checked to see if jackie mason is still alive.
i saw him on the street once, but that was a few years ago
you don't think a pros can or would say "no" to a john?
it essentially sounds like u are saying that "rape of prostitutes", isn't really rape at all.
don't think like that. all positive vibes! we need all 15 to be successful! that's being 100
aye man preach that truth! everyone gotta be positive &amp; we gon eat!... what u thinking? 16pts 7asts 2stls a game?
tyvm: 4the +
tyvm; 4the +
literally can't even tell you how much blm has changed my perspective on black culture and how ignorant society is to their struggles
like i've never had to live my life with black skin. i don't know what it's like. i can't identify with it. i can appreciate it. that's it.
found out some of my family in france lost their apartment including my aunt's workshop (she is a sculptor &amp; painter) to a fire. heartbroken
oh no, that's terrible. glad to hear they're safe, at least.
best take on the u.s.'s complicated race issues i've seen to date
kareem abdul, mohammad ali and a host of others have been converted to black islam. draw your own conclusions
not one member of the state advisory commission is a rohingya minority.
right now over 120,000 rohingyas from myanmar are displaced and nyt reports of 140k living in 21st century concentration camps.
whenever i reach for monad-control i feel like the wheels on the cart have gone wobbly.
precisely why i avoid readert r io ...
how inquisition leverages zoomfusion to increase conversions.
... zoomfusion is a made up name. could be flushdelay.
last resort? they try the legal system? no, let's go and steal some flat screen tvs. please
you have rich bankers getting away with criminal fraud and poor brown kids getting arrested for beating a subway fare
no time limit 1 round open weight class, no judges
in an open field!
correct! that's why i oppose voting for a lying racist bigot sexual predator! here's his latest&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
mrs.clinton lies to the public and to the fbi and mr.clinton is a sexual
that lunch salad was so big i think my stripes might pop.
exploding stripes everywhere!
"snowden's repeated insistence that 'i'm not the story' gets more ludicrous every time he says it...his 'character' says it in this film..."
"oliver stone: history is not his strength."
tune in to - about to go live on aol build!
that was an absolutely amazing, sincere, hysterical interview and performance! i drove from rhode island just to see you ty!
no one is saying phil needs to protect sony's feelings.
house is saying that with his comments, can't even tout what you have it sounds like
just in: clinton holds 6-point lead in new national poll
breaking news! we don't buy it
tbh, he probably was trynna get me mad but that ain't shit to play with
probably. there's this little kid in my after school program and he was wearing a trump shirt and lowkey wanted go off
my phillies media meal concluded with an ice cream sandwich.
you were missed today. jr did finally show up!
not really feeling black lives matter went on the website and ehhhhh
feel like they not doing enough my opinion tho
..because making up is so very hard to do?
hey heidi you could use a real man call me
this is the snake video that trump is talking about. it is a must watch!
mike how can i get this video to play on fb without people needing to sign in to utube first? thank you. debbieg
4 the last time! no its not! if she was a prostitute-why wld she say no-not sure why u wld think diff- ruok?
"-why wld she say no"&lt;-- i didn't realize that she "said no".
nah that sounds good, get to see each other's hand and what not, what would be a dish u would make?
i wouldn't do anything too heavy because we'd share the kitchen, so something like an appetizer i.e. (cont)
don't give up we can do this! we can't allow the clintons back in the white house. if anyone can stop them, trum...
the in the tank media are saying your state is for hrc. you can't watch the news in the area. in the tank for hrc.
how about 20 years ago when trump fought to open marlargo to blacks and jews
juan wont remember that-or even acknowledge that has done anything remotely good-sad
look it up, he has told both oakland &amp; vegas he isn't selling, you gonna make him sell rj?
vegas will burn to the ground
i must be getting worse at writing talk proposals. thought i put together the 3 strongest proposals i've done in a while, and yet...
did you also just receive a rejection email for rubyconf?
governor has until the end of september to sign or veto the 789 bills sent to his this session.
789! izzat normal?
i really got locked out my house i'm so stupid
oh update: i found a spare key we all good in the hood
i think it is a leftover from the "heresy hunters" of the 70s &amp; 80s. the internet gave them a new platform w/o accountability.
lol, they are the ones that would literally burn someone alive for their "heresy" if they could get away with it.
there is not one piece of theatre that has made me shed a tear. ever.
i'm sorry you have no heart.
i saw it when nels retweeted it. i had the same reaction. but he won't change &amp; fanatics wont listen.
and i'll point out the hypocrites
trump campaign paid trump's companies over $500,000 last month via
these poor $200 and less donors...
that's always good to change up!! you'll be alright
yeah i'll be good plus i'll see you around i'm sure at some point
like i've never had to live my life with black skin. i don't know what it's like. i can't identify with it. i can appreciate it. that's it.
there's a difference between black appreciation and appropriation. you can love black culture without fetishizing and degrading the people.
what does not surprised mean? you knew i was a giants fan. i was a guest on your show. i like your current coach.
all im saying is that im not surprised and we will gladly talk giants
give me your tired, your poor, your white.
cool. let's withdraw federal funding from texas. new york could use the extra money.
nooooo, you sir, are clearly insane.
let's just say at halloween i got what i wanted at a bargain price.
the binary-ness of the adage-&amp; bob's reverse of it- of course lends itself to semantical ping pong.
you think because you give out the points you can mangle my language no i tell you no. get me a pop tart
i have the whole day off in san francisco tomorrow. what should i do?
go to dinner with my wife and me for her birthday.
if wesley snipes sparked me up like this i'd cry 1000 nights
the weeknd bout to make a whole album based off this roast alone
nah that sounds good, get to see each other's hand and what not, what would be a dish u would make?
(cont) scallops, the lapis bagels i created or it could be a situation where one does appetizers &amp; the other does the entree
hoops legend bobby knight: trump "not just an american; he's a world leader" | getty
he meant world clown.
and my professors are gay. they the most judgmental and don't care if they hurt your feelings by not liking your work. so don't talk to me
moral of the story is: college is hard regardless, pre-med, pre-law, business, art, fashion etc just do ya thang and don't forget to pray
i think it's about time that anthony weiner were arrested and convicted. what a vile and disgusting person he is. end rant.
he's such a disgusting excuse for a human being...he should be castrated &amp; then removed from this earth.
i second everything said
i love seth but i disagree with him so hard on these opinions!
he mostly destroys you guys and the mariners.
but really, we're the ones who get punished because it means a clinch on our field
cardinals are getting smoked, 11-1 in the 8th in colorado. so the mets can gain ground tonight. just have to beat the great atlanta braves.
you can make the argument their lineup is better than the mets right now.
daniel radcliffe: it's 'pretty undeniable' that hollywood is racist
that is why we need more orgs like call to action - get involved and help us serve more youth.
hi kyle, thanks for contacting us. do you have the medallion information and location? we license taxi + for-hire drivers in nyc.
unfortunately, the driver drove away as he said it and i was too stunned to think to look for id. thank you for asking, however!
lol i took a screenshot of your tweet and put it on my fraternity's facebook page. let's just say you're a hit, funfetti
ayyeee hook it up with a bid
i'm of the philosophy that if you want to take a nap, then take a nap. i'm also a cat.
thanks for the editor-ing, it came out better on the second try.
on monday, in uniform, janaye ervin made the decision to not stand for the star spangled banner. here is her offic...
oh hell shaun i thought she outed(intel) bis board member plans to assassinate some one or keep vatican ownership through jesuits
i'm not going to say this is inaccurate but y can't ppl leave me alone
also my posture sucks i can't look at this anymore
zuma: we are seriously concerned about loss of resources on continent through illicit financial flows from africa, about $50bn pa
- into accounts of dictators!
i was just going to write that
i'm done here, case closed not tweeting dave ever again, dude is done , the last hope at vg
for a good lol, paste this in your js console: for (var i = 0; i &lt; 50; i++) { console.log(eval(`0${i}`)) }
prefixing 0 is the old way of doing octals in js. 010 would be 8. however 09 isn't an octal (no 9s in octals) so it evals it as 9.
"hey maya what position do u play for soccer???"
hey look it's me dying at outside mid
you think i'd live in that fuckin ghetto warzone ricky?????
what part in oakland exactly?
same* my desire for this overtook my careful typing
where are the girls? how do i kiss them?
oof that is bad. but bet it will work better for normal things like faces.. like it was intended
i just saw a photo took of with the fokeh and it looked amazing.
i will never understand people who get mad at other people for discussing ways they cured/treated themselves of a debilitating illness.
"i was really sick w x and took y and my life changed-" "you are an evil person why would you say this?" i don't fucking get it.
seriously though - yuri on ice looks just as good as this cutie looks, and i'll tell you even though i don't need t...
how do you leave out the best pic
done. where's the video?
here you go. what do you think?
big, sprawling, distributed workforces are hard, no where more so than for poor govts with lots of land &amp; weak controls &amp; corruption.
gates, chan-zuck, etc - fine, great. but who's willing to fund boring, unsexy stuff like basic infra, and strengthen govt systems?
apparently is the only poster boy for the njic now
we gotta work on his finish line poses!! can i get a bolt point to the sky pose or something?!?! haha
i cannot write her a letter about helicopter trump it's too horrifying
not until we face political and aero physical realities will we truly embrace the metaphysical base of our existence
what part in oakland exactly?
because your claiming your from oakland right?
do you prefer alw to sondheim? bernadette's mama rose over patti's? respond to this with your hottest, most controversial theater take.
the opening number of bridges of madison county is a lovely song but a terrible opening number.
appreciate the share man
always bud. love the snaps from the lake.
*carthaginem*, i very much hope.
i think you will find i've already corrected my tweet. not fast enough for some, though.
i'd like to hear more songs today like little gto, a song that is merely a listing of car specs.
the world needs shelby gt350 songs
happy birthday!!
thanks diana :)
is my favorite site right now - nice job design crew.
custom illustrations go a long way! &lt;3
there's a difference between black appreciation and appropriation. you can love black culture without fetishizing and degrading the people.
in other words: do everything you can to uplift others and support them. the violence against minoritized people has to fucking stop y'all
slowly giving up on school/life
hurry up and give up, then the fun starts
and when scorpio is playing battlefront 2 in native 4k digital foundry will compare them
not gonna hit 4k on scorpio , frostbite engine
zuma: illicit financial outflows deprive countries from necessary financial resources to help countries with healthcare, education
- also wasteful gov expenditure!
ah man. i wish i would have hugged you guys. miss you both
"the woman with the tattooed hands" was like a hug
seems useful
thanks ashley! really useful.
should i go see a broadway by myself? i really wanna see in hedwig and the angry inch but idk anyone who'd spend to see :/
yes,go! don't miss this show. as is amazing. you will not regret it. i like going to theatre alone
"i was really sick w x and took y and my life changed-" "you are an evil person why would you say this?" i don't fucking get it.
i absolutely do not write or discuss specifics of my medical issues/problems mainly bc the abuse i've seen lobbed at ppl who do is...awful
i wonder if i'm the only one excited about the new south park tonight
such a vibrant color is your line green top cass, i like it
please rt if you think a photo id should be required to vote!
this's is the rule of law in every civilized country!in countries that are corrupt this does not apply
i know you make these faces too!! pahahahaha
i do a lot of this....especially at work...hahahaha
prefixing 0 is the old way of doing octals in js. 010 would be 8. however 09 isn't an octal (no 9s in octals) so it evals it as 9.
this is why use strict disallows this way of doing octals. in es6 the new way of doing octals is 0o10 to disambiguate this.
how awesome is it???
this was excellent! gb that person helping !
"ya mamma a pussy ass nigga" 2 chains on .....that was awkward
cringe worthy
over 100 birthday snaps to open thanks everyone
hey was that you in h&amp;m yesterday that i was helping ??? lol random question
from a youngblood reading to the most produced play in america. not damn bad. big congrats to
any excuse to post this picture again
wow--yes, obama-clinton failed farrakhan to obama: let trump do want he wants, you failed inner city blacks
holy smokes, don't know if i would want farrakhan in my corner, more of a punch in the face to obama and hillary
depends on your skin type--but there are a lot of other clay masks that have the exact same ingredients for less money :d
oh do tell! im combination with sensitive skin. oily forehead but dry everything else :( im currently foundation shopping too!
i've never seen so much damage control from sony fans.
it's a menu option still confused
a concept neither trump nor clinton could care less about: limited government. kind of important (until now?) in the american tradition.
could you or your colleagues direct me to data on the impact of limited government on wealth inequality and public health?
remember when fighting for change looked like this?
. yes and i imagine if he were still alive today he'd have this to say to you.
i'm recording a podcast with tonight, anyone have any questions/topics you'd like us to tackle?
pinkerton turns 20 this weekend. that's a good topic.
hey! did i miss anything? lol jk the world is on fire here's a thing i made
this is awesome and i have shared it. thank you! you rock!
appreciate 's support of our efforts to keep the internet free:
chivalry is dead
they should just protest by kneeling during a song, right? oh no, that's not acceptable either. *rolls eyes
it's not just a song. it's america's national anthem! i don't mind if protesters take a knee during a tune.
remember: make your buy low offers for todd gurley and allen robinson. also: seek the moon for matt forte
dude who took le'veon bell just lost doug martin. should i try to do lagarrette blount for bell now?
they're everywhere v just use your natural instinct when looking for them and kissing them you'll do great
it can't be that easy
that's dope. my mom is the same, she loves her some voting lmao
she's my son when it comes to this being american shit.
anyway i had paperwork for wf today and i start tomorrow i'm excited i already met like 3 coworkers and they r nice
hook up w/ them
you've told them now right? say hi to for me when u see him
no they still don't know!
do you prefer alw to sondheim? bernadette's mama rose over patti's? respond to this with your hottest, most controversial theater take.
cristin milioti should have won that tony over audra
they could never remake "the fan" today. the idea that an unemployed person could afford baseball tickets is preposterous.
fwiw i got tickets to dodgers at yankee stadium last week for $11 a piece
their tafsir (commentaries) on the qur'an
yes i understand that but i mean are you referencing a specific point in his commentaries or what?
frank goon, foreign policy advisor
tricia buryit attorney general
the opening number of bridges of madison county is a lovely song but a terrible opening number.
oh, i agree with this!
in other words: do everything you can to uplift others and support them. the violence against minoritized people has to fucking stop y'all
also, seriously, talk about it because our words are the most powerful influence we have. ideas can change the world i sweartogod
people who willingly choose regular oreos instead of double stuf are the people you need to stay away from.
oreo thins are what satan gives out for communion
interesting! i agree that i feel this way, but know some people love coworking:
yikes yes. i am a freak in a social office. my last co-worker commented that i was hella awkward in our office.
. to wells fargo ceo john stumpf: "you should resign...and you should be criminally investigated..."
is stumpf related to drumpf .... at least there origins appear to be german.... regulators please take away
whats thismean my beauty?
just means i've eliminated people from my life...that's all
hope they release for android soon!
if there's enough demand we will create!
best take on the u.s.'s complicated race issues i've seen to date
obama's book says when it gets bad blacks need to be with the nation of islam. that's what this is about. jihad
working with children&amp; moms today... . yay
hello ashley! thank you sooo much for the follow and likes! as well! so kind of you! have a lovely evening my dear friend!
my closest was at once, but i guess you were snoring when it almost happened.
i sobbed at the movie!
the last gunfighter is a shockingly good quantum leap western
haha, i kid, all of quantum leap is shockingly good
mets probably win tonight, but giants *should* lose.
if the dodgers can actually do something against a lefty. that would be cool!
btw it's a myth that a bisexual has to tell the truth when you ask if they're a bisexual or not.
but if i catch one, they have to lead me to their pot of gold, right?
i feel like everyone is now more involved with side projects. getting toward the end of manchester maybe ?
i honestly dunno. i don't really see andy stepping away though.
gates, chan-zuck, etc - fine, great. but who's willing to fund boring, unsexy stuff like basic infra, and strengthen govt systems?
you know who big shiny research projects in x donor's sainted name are really for? hint: not "the world"
i absolutely do not write or discuss specifics of my medical issues/problems mainly bc the abuse i've seen lobbed at ppl who do is...awful
i think it's mainly ppl who want to push back on the bs that ballooned from the antivaxxer movement ("all medicine/science = bad") but still
yikes yes. i am a freak in a social office. my last co-worker commented that i was hella awkward in our office.
but it's just because i'm introvert &amp; would do better having my own space. hello we are all different.
it might've been too abrasive!
oh my skins sensitive so thats a good to know then. i was tempted cause sephora had a holiday set for it xd
now with us sanctions lifted, several human rights experts &amp; activists are concerned investments in companies involved in the conflict.
during her un address, suu kyi says there is opp. from quarters of gov for peaceful solution in rohingya conflict.
lmao oakland????? claim i'm from oakland????
yes! you said your from oakland a few days back don't lie man
but that is why ill call out xbox guys when they do the same thing. res didn't matter but the same guys are hammering...
xbox guys aren't th media junky, media supposed to be fair and balanced. fanboys aren't
i thought this nigha was dead
i'm tweeting on behalf of my father's legacy
damnit. i wanted that thing. too late now. four bills is too much
it's pretty sweet, i might save up for one. i'm convinced that i like having a smart watch thanks to my zenwatch2
rudy giuliani tells us how we got here. via
i know rg had great success with stop and frisk but why would you let djt talk about it today of all days. not good
sadly it's better than a lot of other choices
lol. only little bit into it so we'll see
co-founder of agorism says you're no agorist:
you can't cofound something that has existed for millenia
i finally got to taste 's butthole today!!
how many stars you giving that restaurant?
the idea to go to disneyland for christmas is up in the air... please pray that my in laws decide that this is the best idea ever
me and nate went the week before xmas last year and it was so magical!!! not as busy as i thought too....
it isn't. if it was i'd be less alone so yeah idk what to tell you
damn this went somewhere dark
this needs to be the new twitch emote. garvgasm
ha-ha be careful what you wish for :p
i don't know bc i don't play;; i thought you would like the girl jumin is an ass is what i heard :,(
boo that makes me sad sobs. you should download it!
market expert scott martin on : trump is right - the fed is too political.
are you allowed to say trump is right?
the only thing i ever want in this world is more candles, so obviously no one ever sends me candles.
umm we have to send you one of our gift bags! they include feminist vegan condoms, fuckboy repellent and...a candle! dm me?
there's a billionaire in the race?
according to some accounts...
win win win no matta what
lol i was singing trey
learning how to create a animatic
super cute drawings. thanks!
omg this happened to me 2 yrs ago i hope they give u a voucher or something
they just deliver it to ur house i'm just praying they didn't break the lock
whatever scorpio hits its going to be higher than the pro
true but doubt we will bave sensentionalist articles lol
shoutout to excited to start this new workout
ahh wave! let me know how it goes bro.
: mrs. clinton, can you please stand up?
she can't. get the ropes out to steady her balance! wheedles wobble and sometimes fall down.
do you remembaaa, the 21st of septembaaa?
as the night falls...
no favorites on this tweet you should prob delete
i love fame
i don't think schwartz need to worry. by far the best burger in bath. best enjoyed anytime time.
by far the best takeaway in town
my son shares a birthday with you! awesome.
happy birthday to your son! it is also my anniversary-36 years!
just upgraded to but my camera is acting wonky , anybody else having this issue?
are you still having this? please dm me thx
date rape is real but i feel like getting drunk and having sex with someone, regretting it in the morning, isn't grounds for rape.
it's literally not 'rape', so no worries. a girl should be more worried about trying to cut back on the binge-drinking tho.
my allo experience in a nutshell so far.
nevermind, score one for google allo. it just suggested i say "how cute! " in response to a dog photo. machine can replace me now.
i've heard from people who have gone to the one in berlin and...well...it was naked people, public sex and lots of leather it seems
i've been. can confirm this account. at least that is what it was like years back. no idea if it's calmer now.
hahah garvey. thats sick. emote for sure. when do we see eachother brother ?
i'm coming out to london for several weeks soon &lt;3
they are asked which is best and rez was the only real difference
so fine keep it that way, don't get upset when now the other touts it, fair play
a "cul-de-sac" of null objects
a "black hole" of null objects (not even methods can escape :-)
honestly that sounds amazing please tell me more
well, be sure to come with an empty stomach cause you're gonna wanna eat it all
august 4th, 1979. i was there. so was most of the block i grew up on. the opening act was who were on the hig...
how many scrapbooks do you have filled with ticket stubs??!! love the devotion... you're definitely in the right business
facts lindsey
don't be mean to my girlfriend or no trop for you
if this was a film the rich billionaire setting up a research institute to cure all disease would be followed by the zombie outbreak
no, no, vampires not zombies. keep up with current events.
why isn't the alamo cube back in astor place? so many fake outs! :( any answers ?
we're hoping the cube will be back asap. it's restoration and timetable for return is managed by
date rape is real but i feel like getting drunk and having sex with someone, regretting it in the morning, isn't grounds for rape.
only actual rape is 'grounds for rape'.
pause the other argument for a sec. this is partially true
especially with poor roma people in kosovo
loved talking to about 3 of my favorite things: pizza, , and , obv. via
love her! great piece
why does my phone keep pausing and stopping my music
tip: do not shake your phone when listening to music bc it changes the song...i found that out the hard way unfortunately
ok i believe, but can you please show me where he has said that?
don't argue with ricky bobby it's a wasted effort
i'm living my truth!!!
love that about you.
daily reminder that hillary suffered a brain injury so severe she used it as an excuse not to answer fbi questions.
's stance with the , i suffer severe memory loss. admitted severely compromised. disqualified to be potus
what does not surprised mean? you knew i was a giants fan. i was a guest on your show. i like your current coach.
i dont like bowles btw
also has to do with religion. still can't figure out if ones here are "real" americans. are atheists?
yes,hinduism has a lot to do with it as well.i'm agnostic,but recognize that judeo/christian values are the bedrock of america
official announcement is planned in october, per sources.
there could be a ceremonial ribbon cutting sometime in oct with programs starting later
starting november 1st, i'm wearing 'trump red' through election day in honor of trump. will you join me for...
yes!! guess i'd better go shopping...i don't have much red...lol
if two people drink at a party, both are intoxicated, have sex, why is it only the fault of the man, in many situations?
it's not "only the fault of the man". where did u hear that? if she wakes up pregnant, it's surely her fault as well.
i liked humans! i thought king charles iii was the best though.
loved that, too!
i can't tell you how many random people chastise me for leaving the outer packet of my bag open and i appreciate the concern but like
all that's in there are tissues and chapstick
sharing that with dunks and marco!!
i should post the one with dunks riding shotgun with the body of adrienne barbeau from cannonball run
what a great idea!
does anyone need anything delivered so i can feel like a bike courier?
this very expensive global warming bullshit has got to stop. our planet is freezing, record low temps,and our gw scientists are stuck in ice
does trump ever watch anything but fox smh not even sesame street
well someone picked it up somewhere!
i saw this happen!
can someone figure out for me on what days do the play the most on this season? $1 to whoever helps me out
it ends with day i can tell you that for sure
...they set a class example im trying to follow...especially after our talk.
i'm just calling it fair, this is all fair play, i expect media to not play favorites and or have same standard for both
-technically- a trade, but you didn't pay for it ;p
since i totally didn't deliver on my end and felt guilty
i'm bored with 'no man's sky'. i like discovering planets and animals and stuff, but i feel like i want to build stuff now.
astroneer is what you're probably looking for
rsvp here to see me in tomorrow's show
open bar sponsored by i'll be backstage gettin a lil shmizz
ricky you are just a liar now!!! exposed again!!!! twice now!!!!
before it said swiss cheese california did you not have oakland california?
ha -- i live in largo , fl. been coaching hs baseball for about 20 yrs now. what r u up to?
wow-your old! i'm still the same age as back then!
just showing how talented i am...
special olympic s?
omg i don't know but can i have him?
we need to find the source of this gif!
great things will come of 's joe derisi codirecting biohub
congrats, atul! this is exciting and huge.
i have dreaded this day, everyday for the past three years.
thinking of you
good luck tonight bud, to bad we couldn't make it
thanks man! bummer you can't make it but next time.
do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning.
&amp; got good reviews she would follow suit.
and the answer to the question "what do you have to lose?" is answered. everything including your life.
how's the dealing with this. isn't this a contradiction? just saying :)
marketing timelines - write the blog post: 2 hours title the blog post: 10 hours name the product: 40 hours
let 5 people edit the blog post: 15 hours
every time man!
you know i only kid
comparing nas and frank ocean is blasphemy
i find those nas tweets amusing
trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems
maybe not potus, but grifter-in-chief.
it all started because of police brutality there's nothing on there to help young black men just a bunch of smoke
smh i think people just using or saying that to look cool..forget that what's the next move!
as a woman, if i get drunk and run someone over with my car, i'm at fault but not if i have sex?
no one "is at fault" for sex. the notion of 'fault' is a civil matter which is only dealt with in civil court (i.e. lawsuit).
roses are red, violets are blue, i got a headache, going to bed...
love ya buddy. feel better
ok the 'fokeh' on the iphone 7+ is worth the stretching on my pants pockets
i thought portrait wasn't out yet
mine is too yeah
this is not alt alexandra
my real concern is where do you stand on airhead flavors?
i think they're all pretty delicious. but, i haven't had an airhead in probably 15 years.
us watching teen wolf
and the occasional
you know who big shiny research projects in x donor's sainted name are really for? hint: not "the world"
one of the big reasons why i left the global health field was basically this. most is about donor politics &amp; image. not need-driven.
trump says syrian refugees aren't just a terrorist threat, they'd hurt quality of life
state dept says isis is trying to infiltrate syrian refugee groups coming to usa. so why bring in thousands more?
curbed sf is really bringing it on these omg posts
lol whenever you post these i'm reminded that someone at had a petty snitfit &amp; blocked me so i have to switch accounts
are arms supposed to be that long
honestly? no, definitely not
obviously and i'm fairly sure that's what all the articles will say come the time
when you have comments like this, it's like ms shouldn't say a word, and if they don't, move on from it?
yo like naa i really appreciate him now like i used to be a big critic of his but than i really noticed like he's so human
he doesnt put himself over us. thats why i fucking cant stand the right wing. all they love is their money
my real concern is where do you stand on airhead flavors?
therefore, i cannot really be precise.
apparently i had a girlfriend at work that i never never knew about
lol wasn't it exhausting fucking around with two girls? props to you nigga. you almost had them fooled. maybe next time fam
also school of rock was my favorite musical of the year
you misspelled "memphis."
lol, you must be a barrel of laughs. turn it around all you want, you're the only 1 out 160k that...
it was perfect, you don't have a sense of humor, obv, so you didn't p/u the sarcasm, (i guess) it was written perfectly.
i swear when i'm hungry &amp;/or tired the devil comes out
if i ever murder someone it's probably bc they bothered me while i was hungry &amp;/or tired
the caught in a massive, years-long scam. ceo john stumpf hasn't resigned. he hasn't fired 1 senior executive.
is he related to drumpf.... of course in scamming the people, govt and irs
what's your motto for san francisco? (that distinguishes us from la, seattle, new york, etc.)
a great place to visit
if you get drunk and run someone over. that's your action. if you get drunk and someone had sex with you. that's their action
no, as the drunk person is also participating in the sex, just as a drunk driver participates in drunk driving.
donald has only liked 38 tweets. here are a few that were worthy of his faves. these are the tweets that really cau...
this is such an important tweet
y'all let cam newton type like an instagram thot. and i have no idea why?
funniest tweet i read all day
which one? absolutely knows one (guessing a different one than you, jeff)
i'm sure also knows dawson.
i got tyrell williams on my team bio
thats a good 7-10 points
okay i think my french and creole is getting better life is good
what up zoe
what about amy schumer sleeping with a guy she said "passed out during cunnilingus"? she had sex with a drunk guy.
drunk sex is not a crime in the us.
the phone bank clinton has is so amazingly targeted.
and i think it crashed due to load
woman says popeyes served her a deep fried rat head!
well at least we know it wasn't treated with growth hormones and antibiotics
i did but i think the fact that it's timed events makes me too nervous too play;;
yeah. i actually was turned off by that since i can't be by my phone all the time.
i understand it's a security measure...but it is the worst experience to change my password so often...
hey there - this measure is critical for protecting consumers' pii. but, we will pass on this feedback to our product team!
i thought portrait wasn't out yet
did you install beta on your new phone?
michigan is in play big time. our ground game here has been phenomenal! we usually go blue. but not 2 many here li...
well all the best. pleasure tweeting with you. it's nice to hear the real story from real people. keep it up! keep in touch
trump's calls to torture and mistreat prisoners go against the very values we are fighting to defend. we're better than this.
what the hell are you talking about? did you fall down again? we need to protect american citizens in case you forgot.
anyway i love everyone i hate to see people get hurt ... i wish we all could work together on building more jobs and make our country great
completely agree!
met this gorgeous thing a few days ago!
now that is a pretty face, another canadian beauty
agreed! i'm the same, totally! i just like my own space. short term co working works best for me if i have to do it!
same. i like best of both worlds. i hope more businesses will realize these needs as they grow. just unfortunate for now..
it's officially that time of year for all social media feeds to be filled with pictures of couples apple picking.
i apologize in advance for my contribution to this trend which will take place next month
"my thank you letter to taylor swift"
we'll never fucking know what it says
with bill still dicking bimbos and anthony weiner sexting all over the place, hillary and huma sure know how to pick em.
those women wanted weak-willed men who can make their way into a lot of political power and be easy prey for blackmail.
see tim right there is the disconnect. you see media as it should be...i see it like it is. media isnt unbiased...it-
and i don't accept something being broken, i'll let these outlets know, at least then i can live with it and now swallow it
while on a rush hour train, i fully subscribe to the notion that children should be seen and not heard
also not seen. keep your child and your war-rig strollers off the subway until they can learn to sit
nooooo ricky! try harder then that you douchebag!
bs
nice statement
again with the name-calling.it's the modus operandi of people who have run out of factual argument.
teaching twitter about the perils of sloppy mode?
just having some js fun. i'm sure someone is going to ask this as an interview question now.
this comment from a reader of the ft puts it better than i ever could.
which article is this from?
if you get drunk and run someone over. that's your action. if you get drunk and someone had sex with you. that's their action
that is the most illogical thing that someone could ever say.
hi all. first and foremost, we want to thank the 1.4 million people who watched saturday nite! and more to come when dvr is factored in.
yes great movie hard to watch though brought back memories when my mom passed away but loved the movie
no meetup in these days? :)
we have something lined up for the beginning of october. please stay tuned :)
the most perfect yahoo.
this isn't perfect but i don't send it in because i feel it has to have been done by them before
goodbye drinks with the alien who is off to nyc for good &amp; has cut off all his dreads
what happened to your head!?
kiss land is such a great album ugh
only the first 5 records in my opinion
if you get drunk and run someone over. that's your action. if you get drunk and someone had sex with you. that's their action
sex takes two to tango.
i want over the thigh high boots but i'm so god damn short
lol every boot is thigh high for you
i also have all-star fed panel jon hilsenrath shah giliani please tune in
looking forward charles!
. oh yes! very nice blog
thank you for sharing!
coming up in 6 mins: the near full release of the new nbc/wsj poll. our first cut at a likely voter electorate as well
i call bullshit!! in los angeles all i meet is voters. is trying to rig this election .
have student debt? planning for college? see how much money hillary's plan would save you:
they r'nt going 2 save! these students start working they will b paying the 4ever tax it is cheaper to get a student loan!
watching the real. they all look nuts.
it's not working the way it is right now.
- hasn't been for decades on anything. media broke into groups to better sell you things. msn for dems, fox for reps...
and all that is wrong , i'll die saying it is wrong , maybe someday they will clean up , sometimes it happens
do you prefer alw to sondheim? bernadette's mama rose over patti's? respond to this with your hottest, most controversial theater take.
i knew donna mckechnie from the annie warbucks album a full decade before i knew her from a chorus line
i dealt latavius and sims for gurley in a league.. so if you believe it you can achieve it
yeah im trying to move sims too
careful, ted. he's a scorpion. it's first nature for him to sting those who befriend him.
do you really think trump wants/needs lyin teddy to be his buddy or support him in any way??
trump says he'd implement nationwide stop-and-frisk policy, forgets controversial tactic was ruled unconstitutional...
wow, he is going all putin, dictator on us. is this what you want?? throw all civil rights out the door.
for the love of god people, listen to the avengers!
"i mean they should vote because it's important" that was my favorite part
dacia, our specialty is helping families w/mortgages. good to connect! equalhousinglender memberfdic
hey get your chat-boy technology together.
**please be aware this video has ** lakewood: mva kennedy &amp; clifton
update: this man now on the ground ( possibly ) it's unclear at this time if someone did this to him or just passed out
the last announced is afp, well after part 3.
check hamsterwatch twitter there's a rumor vic won
girl, please!
i love heritage, craft and so many aspects of fashion, but some things you really just have to eyeroll.
hey m.j, we can see that a member of the team has been in contact and we're currently looking into your case.
hey just a lil confused when's someone going to adequately address the problem
if you get drunk and run someone over. that's your action. if you get drunk and someone had sex with you. that's their action
funny how u characterize a drunk female's participation in drunk sex as "someone had sex with you."
didnt you make that word up at osl!
i said a lot of things at osl that i don't remember
bs
bye ricky! remember derek carr is way better than teddy b
dude who lives in that 1 van that's always under a tree at the marina saw me dumping guts out n said his dog was wondering if i got weed for
the homeless and was like
why can't i find the fight clvb remix of cold water online
it's right here
really enjoyed this class and the class with your son
cool, glad you had fun with at
has arnab ever gone to such depths of journalism? he should be ashamed indeed.
brings journalism to shame. biased report'g, terrorist sympathizer, song &amp; dance on national issues &amp; agent of cong.
good things are in the air
the return of gravity falls
now that it's in all caps it's much clearer, thanks.
oh good. that usually helps with dumb conservatives who just don't understand the world.
but for real where is this magical place i must go soon
over by ucsf's mission bay campus. they had so much good-looking food. i'm getting the hawaiian bbq next time
hey just a lil confused when's someone going to adequately address the problem
by that i mean both charges, not only one
my favorite instagram corgi died and i can't deal
how am i supposed to get through my day when this doesn't come up on my feed anymore
jersey win an authentic uniform. 1. follow us 2. like/rt &amp; tag 5 friends 3. jersey size...
large, finland barkov
i'm glad found work making wwe video games but i'm not sure this is the right direction for the franch...
pushes plus memes minus pushes
funny how u characterize a drunk female's participation in drunk sex as "someone had sex with you."
she's actually the one who had sex with someone else. drunk women spread their legs. do they not?
i knew donna mckechnie from the annie warbucks album a full decade before i knew her from a chorus line
tim, you're supposed to be sharing a controversial opinion, not an endearing fact that will make us adore you more.
why we never used this i have no idea. please reconsider.
we totally did in one of the holiday videos!
hopefully we will all get to enjoy a trump presidency. there are so many challenges ahead of us
fresh off the press.... this is what i mean
haven't had a chance to catch either team this season, but traditionally a boring matchup based on defense-first playstyles :)
better game than michigan and penn state.
uptown day: (bronx) &amp; harlem
quirky lower east side
do you have a npo to teach coding to kids? do you have some links so i can get some ideas to start one for our home town clt.
absolutely, start with ?
careful, ted. he's a scorpion. it's first nature for him to sting those who befriend him.
and your tired and broadly based shot at trump is based on what factual information??
such a powerful moment. the most powerful being on earth is on his knees, finding solace, after taking a life to sa...
somehow louis magically appear wayyy across town...
report: latest anthony weiner scandal includes 15-year-old girl [video]
and a chicken
super mario 64 is 20 years old this sunday.
ouch. right in the feels
shit, blanking on this. anyone?
what is left shark?
best wishes to you, good sir. may the next chapter be the best one yet.
many thx sean!!
i've been too successful at training myself to feel shame whey my types demand more than my code needs.
probably for the best
a huge thank you to the bhs for buying over $54,000 worth of raffle tix to support our cause!
worth every penny i spent
if this was a film the rich billionaire setting up a research institute to cure all disease would be followed by the zombie outbreak
vote trump you say?
this is cali.
is that your dog?!
what about amy schumer sleeping with a guy she said "passed out during cunnilingus"? she had sex with a drunk guy.
"passed out" is subjective, so we have no idea what she literally meant.
actually "crystal" deodorant probably does work, because it has aluminum in it, just like "normal" antiperspirants....
doc deodorants or antiperspirants? thought al was only in anti-p's
we watch him play basketball, always making people laugh and like that's so important to me. other people are actual robots
fucking fills out an ncaa bracket and shares it with the world. he's not system made. just a dude from chicago
fellow pilot &amp; new yorker, is now a lear lr60 captain. wing-rockin' congrats! stay high, eddie!
very cool -congrats!
"for you to say 'let you go' means that i still got you"
gurl. that shit just melted my heart.
ah, that's right, you had a massive queue at the time and were loaded up on work. i know how that can be, haha.
yes, i am usually in that position. need to improve
i already read what's on this tab but i don't want to close it because
what website is this?
do you prefer alw to sondheim? bernadette's mama rose over patti's? respond to this with your hottest, most controversial theater take.
sheila should have gotten the job - not cassie.
please refer to my comment above. i am referring to their commentaries on the verses that are taken to refer to hijab..
which exactly? because i'm not even sure this is relevant to what i am saying?
eat me, xpath implementations that don't include axes.
"a full xpath engine is outside the scope of the module." then you fucked up.
dried up pens
i can think of 3 ppl immediately who'd make appearances
someone come over with their ever lasting friendship and also some loud
bicth i be runnin
bad news for the scientific research community. pentair no longer supporting basic research with aquatic housing systems.
for real?! that's terribly short sighted. starting when?
it will prolly be u
don't let people know my secrets, witness protection said it was flawless
so next year for edc my friends &amp; i are renting a house! if you guys wanna stay with us!
omg i'll let you know because i'm trying to save money rn but i still have a lot of time so we'll see
yes, but is loving really dropping or because pundits want other films to succeed?
a great movie is more likely than not to drop from oscars convo, so...
over a tweet like ponies did over an 8.8 score for uncharted 4.
i will put the info out there for everyone to see and they will do what they want: this is blatant
you are so polite saying please.
we all know charles' manners second to none.
literally all my friends make fun of my tevas but they're my favorite sandals. ya'll can go suck a stapler.
with you. won't travel with out them.
this was obviously said in sarcasm, and that hurts. that is a nice shirt
tru but i'm in sweats and a bad mood
only 50 more days til we find out who's our next president! last time i was nauseous 50 days straight, at least i got a baby out of it!
obama's a nervous wreck knowing he and hillary might be sharing a prison cell
just thought i'd check the menu for tonight. is this some kind of joke? jellyfish?
could you get that with a nice beer batter and pork scratchings.
people did that for art briles and jerry sandusky too.
so you're comparing jim grobe to sandusky over jim saying he didn't know what oakman looked like?
careful, ted. he's a scorpion. it's first nature for him to sting those who befriend him.
you nevertrumps actually would welcome hillary as potus &amp; her cancerous pick for scotus, which&gt;
just figured out what i want to do with my life
what what what
saw that and felt sick
peas be with you!
to make sure i understand. he passed out while performing oral on her then she had sex with him or are you referring
1. "passed out" is not a scientific term. 2. he obviously consented since he was participating.
am i really tho bc cold pasta is still good
yea but spoon though
stopping by an apple store soon? workflow is installed on the demo iphones - check it out and send us a photo!
don't forget costco, i would say that's more important. i mean who doesn't buy phones at costco
i know, the first thought i had when i felt it pop was "i hope i won't need to get it popped back into place."
you were very fortunate! i have never had a dislocation nor a broken bone but i can imagine they hurt badly!
this is a top 5 life memory for me.
it was basically just me laugh screaming trying to say it out loud
you should not see no one should see that even in your imagination
i have pictures of him and the goat tho
which one is your favorite?
oh man, all of the spaces have their own strengths! but for energetic spaces, is awesome, as well as !
he passed out while performing cunnilingus, according to the story she told.
maybe you should avoid using such figurative language as "passed out".
i didnt even go to one of my classes bc there was no parking
daamnn ahahah that's hella funny but that's crazy. i got lucky finding a spot but i was late af to class
had to get in that last while i'm back in
just be careful as the drive on the other side of the road
.....but he runs the label like a captain. i'd say emotionally he's a heart.
&amp; he holds it down with those records. definitely an anchla
yes he is, that's why it's important to talk about it. racism and hatred is alive.
we don't need a profile and a glitzy shoot and resources devoted to him to know he's a bigot
happy 25th birthday
thank you!!!
this clip is some scary shit that anyone is actually this stupid.
there's a shitload of them in the middle of the country. but not more than normals folks.
i like when someone is wearing a new coat and when you get close to them you can revel in the new-coat smell.
do you touch peoples fabric in the elevator too?
i saw dread zeppelin live too. they were surprisingly brilliant.
i am super jealous
mmmm hell yes!
the multi~talents of ladies never cease too amaze me &amp; that's why my mantra's been &amp; always will be ( c ;
dude we need to! i'm around a lot of the time and when i'm not i'm at elis so come visit!!
okay! i juuuust started at la boca so we must visit each others places of work and get littytitty
*forcefully enceoloped
a woman doesn't need to "forcefully envelop" a man's penis. the penis penetrates her.
so i think if i limit myself to those areas that cause me little to no stress (tib, discord) when i have time, that's the best.
i do hope you'll continue with the guides as well. i admit that i sometimes use you as a replacement for reading it myself.
reached my limit like already fuxk man
just be active to the people who are active to you lol.
happy to potentially present something, thinking from a historian's perspective too!
you should definitely do that. platforms don't have a handle on this - piece for nyt mag excellent
it's always an adventure with you.
same with you love
i can't speak for bosnia or albania. but in kosovo poor women are paid to wear the hijab. most are roma women, alb women to a lesser extent
the wahhabi groups that are in kosovo think this is a way to spread their version of islam.
i do hope you'll continue with the guides as well. i admit that i sometimes use you as a replacement for reading it myself.
i am deeply appreciative though :)
not liking gypsy that much is a shame that i shall always carry with me
as long as you feel bad forever.
he passed out while performing cunnilingus, according to the story she told.
a woman is not capable of "raping" anyone, as women do not possess penises.
"a full xpath engine is outside the scope of the module." then you fucked up.
sorry. i just feel like you can't ship a smear of mustard between two pieces of bread and still get to call it a sandwich.
i'd also say it's way too messy a spec to have it in the standard library.
yeah, no way
congrats! what color? i'll be waiting a while for my jb 7+...
black, but not jet black because i would have scratched it immediately!
careful, ted. he's a scorpion. it's first nature for him to sting those who befriend him.
would destroy this country going forward just to get ur used prophylactic-teddy-in office
over a tweet like ponies did over an 8.8 score for uncharted 4.
i don't tell anyone how to think, but i'm not gonna see blatant bullshit and let it fly, not me
thank you. take note
editor must've gotten wrong name on byline
it's for a 70 year old white billionaire to advocate a policy that preys on young people of color. trump is doubling down with his base.
he's personally broke. if we're going to discuss his ponzi (the "foundation")we'll understand a 501(c)3 allows you to tax dodge.
ty for the follow!
your welcome!
fri sat sun mon w tues w wed w
oh yeah and flying in for the first time so pretty sure you guys are coming to these
literally same like people will stop me on the street and i'm like there is a lipstick and 1 coin in there
like 3 people on the street have told me in the last few days and this last woman was so grave about it
today, i attended 2 talks. the first one was given by nobel laureate . the second one was given by professor rashid khalidi.
in other words, i got a chance to hear two brilliant minds share their thoughts today. amazing.
sorry your week was hell jess, but that's really cool, i hope you have some calmer days to come, miss ya
it's fine. i was just really sick and we had two big events in house
i need pink gloves because life needs a swift punch to the mug, who can help?
i hear is pretty great
are y'all having issues with your styling or is it just me?
hi there. this is usually caused by folks running ghostery or another adblocker which have global *.newrelic.com bans
hillary bounces back as hits a wall: clinton leads trump by 5% in new national poll via
she should be leading this election by a landslide. trump will throw all civil rights out the door. vote people.
but if there was a game like that right now that would be a common phrase, or other stupid names like that.
the thing that bugs me is like 99% of the references, they end up being meaningless. you could replace 'firefly' with anything
i still can't believe that i was able to do this... is amazing live and so great to photograph
luke needs to work on those squats
1. "passed out" is not a scientific term. 2. he obviously consented since he was participating.
3. "she had sex with him"&lt;--more like, "he had sex with her". it takes two to tango.
where is this happening?
it was in knox hall. so awesome
watch when drop me &amp; new shit finna turn it up a notch again!
farreal tho drop that shit kez
i think of howard w. campbell, jr. in vonnegut's mother night.
my ep just said "every time i come in your office you're watching an alex jones rant"
yeah, i get that, but i still don't think the revs are a team that has a shield if that makes sense. like teams that have a
i am against doing anything for the sake of just doing it. logo is outdated and embarrassing, i agree maybe not a shield..
okay tim, i'm obviously not going tell you how to react.
well you shouldn't to be honest , i pointed out the bullshit and we all agree it's bullshit, soooooo
hahahahah you just made my nose twitch with happiness pops
i just want my boy to be a baddie
when we need a break from conquering the great outdoors, we are cheap motel rockstars.
its amazing you could even fit him and your feet in the same frame.
caption this photo: at training gallery:
ahhh i wonder how my vines are doing back home......
money is the motivation
nah happiness is :)
i'm still waiting for hovering fridges that will come upon request while you're watching a movie.
once upon a time
actually been rocking all day
been watching sp videos for the last 30 mins!
it's for a 70 year old white billionaire to advocate a policy that preys on young people of color. trump is doubling down with his base.
and hillary gave bloomberg a platform at the dnc.
this just in-- rhm is releasing 's full-length debut lp on !
awesome news love this band !!
commenting can be valuable when done right, and the nyt comments i've seen generally have been good. this 'game' shows their approach.
you and i are reading very different comments on the nyt site
what about amy schumer sleeping with a guy she said "passed out during cunnilingus"? she had sex with a drunk guy.
i imagine she had sex with a drunk guy because consent is easier to obtain when person is drunk.
yeah, i get that, but i still don't think the revs are a team that has a shield if that makes sense. like teams that have a
...but it has to change, has to look professional- not 90s indoor soccer with zubaz pants and hypercolor shirts.
but if there was a game like that right now that would be a common phrase, or other stupid names like that.
else and have the same effect. i like nostalgia, but it was overkill for me.
i really like marvel's hela. for one thing, kirby's design is great and no one's really messed with it
she has a look that says "screw magic i'm just gonna kick your ass!"
this is the snake video that trump is talking about. it is a must watch!
wow everyone should watch this! drives point hone about open borders!
pitchforks ? no , do our best to make sure ms and sony are held to the same standard , yes .
that's a bit much the pitchfork statement, maybe he should tell dave to check his history?
3 months and i'll officially be single for a year lol i'm 26 is that too old to have no bae or babies?
half of the dating pool has kids the other half is ugly
fall is nearly here and my 6 months free offer for individual accounts at is about to hibernate. sign up today!
i just bought a 1 year -_-; can i still get my 6 months free addon onto that?
due respect to you, but that's what way too many americans said about jewish refugees in 1938. and when nobody else...
at every stage in us history, our govt has tried to keep its doors closed to those who need it most
joke: what is your favorite detergent for laundering money through your foundation? tide with bleachbit?
no tidal wave it good bye
update: got a new hat and am no longer sad
my eyebrows look rly good here
well, i don't either, but i had to defend prog.
the hippest non-yes yes-related track: donald fagen, eat your frickin' heart out. bruford!
yeah of course he does.
so players get money off nfl merch? i don't know i'm curious.
i've stories like that too that can't go on here.
dm us there adam.
related tangent: the first time i saw annie (on stage, 8 y/o) i rooted for hannigan.
no one is surprised.
our investigation did expose one self-confessed felonious double voter - he even has his own bio-fueled bus to driv...
he should be allowed to vote 10x's
that was probably the issue, i choked tf outta my feet mann.
there is our problem haha buy a new pair and lemme know it goes haha
before you fucking deleted it i saw the siri convo
yeah... i think i can find a number to get u the help u need
i can't even call myself an "aspiring writer" anymore, and the fact that i can't think of anything below that is sa...
this is such bs, it's like some 1st round nba pick being an "aspiring basketball player"
the consumer team at that brought you is hiring in !
the is a great place, as we demo clients of for iot and security projects!
nigga some dickhead tattoo artist tried ripping me off for 300$ on a small ass tat bc i'm a young kid
then i confronted this dude bc it was overpriced and he knocked 100 off it . like bro
lol, they think lying to a surveyor will convince the nfl to somehow force unionized sportsball players to stand.
this won't get really interesting until we get into the nba season. the nfl is like nascar; too big to change
idc ima still order my tenders!
me rn too eating my 5 dollar box not giving a fuckkk
it might've been too abrasive!
foundation ideas from either gals? currently using diorskin nude and considering the giorgio armani luminous silk
high quality games, pan entertainment contents and strong brand have been key to netease's growth this year. very interesting case study.
they told me they're going after global/western market too tho. busy crew.
is this a hypothetical "what would oliver sacks have named his books if he were openly gay"?
none of you replied so i didn't get to use my "uncle tongues in" joke.
the cool thing about being pregnant is i haven't had to hear some drunk guy in a manhattan beach bar sing bon jovi in seven months
no wonder torts made you hungry. one of the funniest things i ever heard. remember you were in biz law class??
how can we ask questions when details of city charters are not yet available?
citizens may be in for a shock if this sneaky tax grab is gifted by the province to the cities.
im super happy zoe made me watch stranger things, however i have a terrible migraine from not taking my eyes off the tv..ahs part 2..
best show on there
if i was about to die and i had a choice as a last meal between sarku japan and angelina jolie's fineeeeee self...i still might pick sarku
i would choose you
beautiful family photo!have a beautiful wednesday my friend! kerstin sweden!
you too my friend!
schneiderman asks cuomo to veto e-prescribing exceptions
escripts have to be an invention of pharmacy industry because now i can't shop for best price on drugs not covered by health ins
beautiful as always
both inside and out! keep up the great musical output and deeds! meanwhile, your fans remain enraptured...
it's false to label it simply a question of "regret", when she has no memory of any consent.
if she claims to have no memory. we don't know if she is being truthful when claiming "loss of memory".
never heard of hshtags before but saw the recent news and thanks for the rec. resonated with your blog piece too. thank you.
happy to share! you guys are doing great things in that space
except that you and your buddies called romney and every other republican racist. so enjoy the wolf, little boy. yo...
to say that the left's "crying wolf" on racism created trump is to concede that the traditional gop is now the popular minority.
jumped on the tobal train when u mentioned it on a vidja podcast (i think) that same week found it at a...
ooh, i didn't know there was a variant that didn't include the ff7 demo disc!
it's just a song, luv. it's some words and a melody, that's all. when your country stops allowing the police to
it's more than a song because heroes have died to give america the freedoms it has. this includes free speech!
yes. we don't care what those say at all.
nope they can kiss me my daughter booty
are we still on for tomorrow!
i still haven't catted lmao but it should be good
i think this may be my first keynote! eeeee!
if it is, then congrats!
oh i'll definitely keep doing the tib and wowhead guides
great to hear. :)
why would they lie 2 you like that coolby
i wondered why their pants caught on flames now that i think about it
grabbed some before the gym today. recovery is just as important as the session!
only if it is made of almond milk
what are you going to get?! we're loving our new chile mocha!
iced chai with almond milk
12 team leagues are the only way to go.
couldn't find 2 more willing to spend a full day (open to close) at a target if they lost
tomorrow, tomorrow...i have something awesome to share tomorrow...but tomorrow's another day....
ahh! the suspense is killing me
no, but can we cure all diseases in peter thiel's lifetime? maybe.
get that young blood. he's a real nutter
it'd be wild to see liberals get amped about actual politics the way they get amped defending the daily show franchise
this is a straw man.
and, last i'll say: never found angelina or jennifer attractive (or, gwyneth.)
i saw brad's stalker on a talk show once and she was cute.
silicon valley friends: how much stock do you put in glassdoor reviews? i'm curious
very little, in both directions. it's worth paying attention to a consistent trend of "work-life balance is bad" though.
the media caters to the winning team and has learned inflammatory headlines get hits...so they do it for the money.
media is dying off because of the bullshit and youtube &amp;xbox youtube is growing,not the only game in town, can and will speakout
what i'm loving lately: , and 's new book!
we are huge stranger things fans!!
if she claims to have no memory. we don't know if she is being truthful when claiming "loss of memory".
couldn't an accused drunk driver simply claim in court that they "have no memory" of driving drunk?
by the way, this coming from a supporter of an inefficient president who blamed bush for 7 years! the hypocrisy!
but the problem was pres. bush but deniers will always blame the black guy just saying!
ahh, that's awesome! thank you so much i appreciate it!
no problem allie. have a good wednesday.
i loved clip job. i felt like a house guest watching tv with america's happiest married couple.
think they could sit farther apart?
so i should assume that lots of hillary's supporters are self-loathing feminists? got it.
i vote whats best for america. if you think corruption lies and being plagued with scandal is ok...
dude it's mesmerizing. i don't understand why there aren't tons of thinkpieces about him.
he has been a longtime obsession of mine
safe to assume he doesn't mean native americans?
including the workers he brings in? more hypocrisy!
you get arrested and the cop tells you if you shoot him the fade and you win youre free to go. you lose and another charge gets added wyd?
im knocking that nigga out. facts!!
dancing all day today! teaching at 2 high schools then str8jacket practice.
you the real estate king j
but as mack has said media has always had its bias leans. last gen it was for the x360
last gen =/= this gen . this gen much worse, and media can be put in check. that is all here
i actually have a desk chair i hate. i write at my dining room table. it's the cheapest dining room chair ikea makes.
that's what i'm doing now. my poor flat butt
it is good for its prices!
yesss. we still gotta go together soon &amp; feast
lmao just speaking facts my brother. seeing ppl on here talking about 2g's of fire for $10.
like i got a gram for 10 guy, but the 2 grams for 10 niggas are outta control lmaooo. dealer gotta be your brother to get that
but if she physically can tell there's been a penetration but can't remember much else, it needs an investigation.
unless she is a virgin, i don't see how she could determine that there's "been a penetration".
big ups to for not asking about project based learning on the hs tour this morning cc:
oh i was so tempted though...
silicon valley friends: how much stock do you put in glassdoor reviews? i'm curious
positive reviews are commonly gamed, plus there's the general trend of "happy people don't write reviews on review sites"
fuck and i just bought bravely second
i was thinking about getting that too. eventually i will
umm... what's her name.. from last time? oh.. maybe on the return flight? 'sthelastone
i am in need of a vacation lol jk have a fun time on your adventures steve!
dancing all day today! teaching at 2 high schools then str8jacket practice.
you the realest king j
. same as her education solution. a price is artificially high because of subsidy. let's subsidize it some more!
i don't know about education specifically, but housing is deeply regressively subsidized. and you can't take
but if she physically can tell there's been a penetration but can't remember much else, it needs an investigation.
she should probably begin by investigating her own binge-drinking habits.
what did he do other than divide our nation, fan the flames, allow massive immigration &amp; find fault with usa every day?
are you kidding me? i had enough of your ignorant bs
in lovvvvvvve
let me know how they are!
if trump wins, what is the best theory of why? - marginal revolution via
1. economic &amp; social malaise 2. benefits accruing to narrow band of society 3. lousy dem candidate
we all know most "team jen" or "team aniston"girls that are posting on social media likely would not refuse mr pitt into their bedrooms.
i probably wouldn't either, to be fair.
i have to head to the airport at around 6-6:30pm
nooooooo i won't be done till 5:30 at the earliest :( next time bud!
. same as her education solution. a price is artificially high because of subsidy. let's subsidize it some more!
the upper-middle-class' subsidies. over their dead bodies.
diggin the @ name
appreciate that
dropping another music video this weekend
you gotta come to the bay bro
but i want it to be small, like 3 or 4 inches tall
lol don't mind me. i'm just a chicken shit. i've yet to get my first tattoo. will likely be on my upper arm when i do get one.
father of modern statistics argued smoking doesn't cause cancer-pitfall of being didactic on correlation v causation
a little bit of statistics is a very dangerous thin
awkward: clinton once wrote about how tim kaine, her current vp pick, would be a "terrible" choice for vice presi...
maybe hrc said kaine was a terrible choice b/c she had other plans for him (step aside for dsw at the dnc &amp; then her vp)
i've listened ~2.5x now on a loop. it's good. nothing really stands out though. shld have called it 'vanilla' instead
i had to sit with it for some time as well. i'm still not sure how i feel, though a few tracks have been in regular rotation.
father of modern statistics argued smoking doesn't cause cancer-pitfall of being didactic on correlation v causation
very dangerous thing lol
if i have a girl someday i wanna name her salem.
or salem elizabeth
zubaz is still a thing apparently, but i'd be in favor of overhauling to something based on the new england flag
that's sad haha...(zubaz not the ne flag)....
the prayer for god to bring wrath upon hillary followed by the announcement of the new app is particularly lovely
good thing that "no weapon formed against her shall be able to prosper"
like many, i think 's reporting on milo was transphobic and irresponsible. interview reflects...
i hate milo as much as the next guy, but how is the reporting transphobic?
if i have a girl someday i wanna name her salem.
i just love the name salem
i'm recording a podcast with tonight, anyone have any questions/topics you'd like us to tackle?
paramore potentially finishing their record . thoughts/hopes for their ~future sound?
it's false to label it simply a question of "regret", when she has no memory of any consent.
&lt;--she plainly said, "regretting it in the morning", so why would u dispute that it is indeed merely regret?
good news: you can now use your credit card to support artists on bandcamp! details here:
so great, anxious to get on this...
if your nfl power rankings don't have the troops at number one then buddy i don't even want to see them
the troops don't play though,
12 team leagues are the only way to go.
couldn't find 2 more willing to spend a whole day (open to close) at a target
drake lyrics really
my caption was gonna be gayer hahahah
usually seconds max, but we have a delay currently: we're working on it!
cool! thanks for letting me know.
jessica! maybe we'll share a signing table again at !! (fingers crossed!!)
i hope so! i couldn't ask for a more charming signing companion!
...ahh, the direct sales market has done so much good for the comicbook industry, hasnt it?
couldn't possibly be due to the fact that comics were $.75, there were no iphones, and video games were a niche.
berglund and team sweden win group b and clinch a spot in the semifinals!
what?? my stream is still going
also, i had zero interest in seeing bright star. and i can't listen to sierra boggess.
bright star was fine. carmen cusack is legitimately wonderful, though.
how have three years gone by
i know right!
that would be the only reason for defense team to use it.
or perhaps to present another suspect?
yay! mile run and shoulders?
ill workout my shoulders but i just ran two miles in the gym cuddi
come on, texas
oh no! seriously, why? why bb?
what's the slashed d?
it's ricky bobby i exposed his ass and he blocked me
beep, beep ! we're on our way to having the cleanest city fleet in the country w/ 500+ evs ...
and judging by sales the only purchaser of volts
trump will propose nationwide stop-and-frisk to address violence in black community 2nite on hannity:
"we did it in new york and it worked incredibly well"
or perhaps to present another suspect?
have u seen 'the night of'?
congrats on the launch! do you guys integrate in with ?
not yet. get a ton of requests daily for this though
if you haven't read this yet, read it
don't tell me what to do
&amp; now we turn up
lmao omg almost forgot about that text me
plus 'journalists' are allowed to write vent personal grievances for clicks (keza macdonald on the rare/lionhead hit piece)
ok but vent when you know your history. it's all there, you know it's bullshit called it bullshit , we agree, that it all
true. read with an open, questioning mind, the bible will change your life...if you consider yourself a christian.
correct. reading the bible is the fast track to atheism.
i'm still mulling it over. it's like a professional wrestler's name lol.
ok what about ashzilla. oh no there go a lib-er-al go go ashzilla.
much of what was broken about harlem has already been fixed. he still lives in bonfire of the vanities.
probably the last time he read a book.
i liked a video from mrenvelope plays minecraft |e76| -
thanks el herm
he appears to be one of the most arrogant people who ever lived.
i don't know, i think his arrogance is false &amp; hollow but his *douchiness* is off the charts
being on a diet is no fun because chicken nuggets still exist and i'm not eating any
tweet is so true and on point
i had never run anything before i took on the challenge of creating my own company and it's been a great ride!
have you ever buy organic from integral yogurt on 13th btw 7th and 8th avenues
if she's a prostitute, whore or satan, she can say no &amp; they do say no.no means no, regardless.
are u implying she "said no" to her murderer, and that's why he killed her?
oh no! i'm so sry to hear that! could you send us a txt/email and we can look into your account for you?
sent. please help. this has been so frustrating.
happy birthday emily
thank you!!
1st 2 years of the xb1 it was media members with the pitchforks
well that's why i point out the clear history . is what it is we all say it's bullshit. some say nothing
janet yellen has a message for donald trump: stop badmouthing the federal reserve
audit the fed
shameful confession: i had to google "dunsel." happy confession: the page i got makes it look like non-lin...
who could forget dr. richard daystrom's disastrous invention? hell, talespin had an episode based on that, "from here to machinery"
i'm always an advocate for leaving jobs that aren't creatively fulfilling. as long as you have a safety net, take the leap!
i'm going to do it. i realize that i'd probably be making more money working the same fuckass hours i am now. minuswhale.
at the airport !!
how long you in the city. you must eat at pacific cafe or at kabuto. both are in geary
funny how my fav author gets into quarrels with the other thinkers i like. such as , pinker and
dude seriously, read his debates... he should not be your favorite writer
when ur on top riding him and he says ur eyebrows and contouring are perfect
ladies: if he don't tell u ur makeup poppin, he ain't the one
do you think because a woman may have a past, she would never say no? if so, grow up.
where are u getting this notion of her "saying no"?
honestly fat boys was trash anyway
you know that's besides that's point bro. we spent hours in there throughout hs
wow that is hilarious! hopefully it was a good impression...
ha, for sure. definitely still hold in esteem : )
love me na pls
i'm rly laughing at my face in that photo ahaha but ok belated hbd and no stop lying i know i'm the best
murder it's citizens, maybe then your song may get the respect you feel it deserves.
i don't believe america's police are deliberately murdering citizens, but a few thugs committing crimes did get shot.
trump won't win. you can take that to the bank
lemme just pop in here to claim credit for coining "trump-curious"!
how do you guys afford all this or is ... central perk
comps, brah.
huge fan of night driving. ...
wow, great capture!
the "unlock my mac with my watch" feature in sierra just... kinda doesn't work? i have no idea how to debug this.
mac might be too old.
what people don't know about the clinton foundation is revealing in itself.
i blame the press for not doing their job
and excuse me wtf is "ily"
i love you * better?
doesn't matter, they should always come first
i mean technically aren't the patriots in first? i realize maybe there's some overlap there, but what's the different
no. please not.
are you harley and ivy?
second place, nice
still didn't win, "thats unusual"
hmu with one
got you just waiting on the next email with more
you might just be a meme after that 1
:( i had a quick recovery
def not complaining... just a hardware/experience transition period we are in....
i'm complaining about the transition.
happy birthday !! have a great one and jb always hehe hope you're doing great over there
thanks, rene!! :-) keep slaying over there woohoo
we need a president who sees the best in all of us.
more support for president every time you speak
i changed it already but damn you're fast! wrong link was up for 5 seconds. xd
haha okay, well i use tweetbot so it still shows up xd
and i'm not, so in that at least we agree.
and agree that it's bullshit too, react how you may and i will as i will. i'll never look at dave again
is the stinger still in?
it is, yeah, very clearly! is that bad?
oh i'm still in that dumb class. i won't be free of it until december
i know. and then the cpa exam.
what about the group mes? or you just leave them all?
apparently i'm the topic of conversation, so did really leave?
tell her to start snuffing motherfuckers it won't happen after that. sometimes you need to take matters into your own hands
she tried talking to the principle and they ignored her. that's exactly what i told her!
there's 2 things i hold to an incredibly high standard: my loved ones and chocolate chip cookies.
made by your loved ones... ;)
oh i like this. gansey (it autocaps for a reason), will herondale, damon salvatore.
this is overwhelmingly tough. am i choosing a boyfriend for 20's-amanda, or now amanda?
so yeah, let me know what fictional characters you would use to describe me!
pippi longstocking, the looney tunes bull, and i know she's not fictional, amelia earhart.
girl yes! i'm always at la boca! are you bartending or serving?
hosing and serving! still in training tho as of right now
what sites have you tried it on?
nordstroms, jcrew, etsy, , , , anthropologie... a bunch!
this is like one of those fake news sites where the headline sounds real but you can almost see they're trying to m...
...but apparently, sadly true.
i don't get it, why is the race seemingly so close then?
because trump is america's answer to terrorism. proof that the terrorists have already won.
there may be a version of hotline bling that i've written about how my dog is hungry.
i just sang rico is a pug to ramones judy is a punk
another excellent tweet don! now if i may, how does it feel to be an alleged rapist?
ask a convicted rapist bill clinton
do you know if pre-orders are sent out by order date? i see ppl are receiving theirs! calmly waiting for carrie &amp; the thing!
pls contact customer service with this question: info.com
he wasn't armed and he complied with police orders. that's why he wasn't shot.
young man ordered to show id went to car to get id, cop shot him in his leg. he complied
seriously. dems had the house, senate and white house 2008 - 2010 and gutless republicans have given him everything since
dems for only 2 years but expected to do magic from bush's mess then &amp; from 2010 obstruction since!
black boys still the best
say it again bitch
must say, alexis, i do admire you sharing this. not sure i'd be big enough to.
it's not an unreasonable point, but i'm still hosting a debate ;)
if you still smoke swishers.. idk what to say even
i have beef with the only person i know who smokes swishers. true story. all my niggas smoke woods
and i'm not returning shit. it's voluntary and i do not volunteer.
rest in peace beloved.
nobody's gonna bully my cousin and have all his friends try to jump her idc if you're gay that's not okay
what the fuck is going on???
also, these are still warm. no utensils, though! either way, very pleased with how quick is + how delicio...
you don't know if they're delicious you don't have silverware
i'll give you a big hug if you do...or promise not to hug you, whichever is more convincing.
when i showed our gmail integration against accounts someone yesterday was like...it's like in a messaging client!
hey, thanks, old friend :)
happy birthday, calvert! :) :)
can't wait for these to be out the oven
me and wifey coming over
just remember my brand: the liberal who didnt freak out in 2016. that and $2 will buy me coffee.
it has bought you my deepest appreciation and respect. we need cooler, more objective voices in political commentary. many thanks!
glad you guys know
ana does this to me constantly
damn. throwback to my salsa dancing days!! this was prior to crossfit and it was my obsession!!!...
did i tell you my bfs puerto rican....? he loved to salsa. he makes me look sooooooo white
make yourself at home. the massive 757 has a wingspan the size of a 3-bedroom house.
the transcon 757 is my favorite!
just the 10 or so goals that provorov and konecny score
you spelled barzal and ho-sang wrong
are you saying our troops are cheaters? rethink this
ok bud if we meet on the battlefield and the choice is kill cheating or be killed not, i'll take my foxhole
this is patently unconstitutional. the president swears to uphold and defend the constitution. donald trump is unfi...
unfortunately the same can be said about a lot of senators (see: supreme court) and we haven't gotten anywhere with that. :(
got to talk to today. could this day be any better?
and i had the great privilege to meet and speak with you twas truly an honor! keep fighting the good fig...
please tell me the answer is yes.
not yet but will clearly be added to the budget
they do!!! i think the chin brings that out a lot more, too.
the chin and the high cheekbones too! brilliant work, my dear!
cant be that hard to have custom made but i feel you...probably wouldve got it cheaper since it was already made
shit was $150 tho, but it was hardddddddd
. tough to compare. we know all about smith's history, but the pats ain't givin' up any info on their guy.
. makes me wonder if coach isn't too concerned about players long term health because golden qb will be back soon.
ted cruz endorsing the man who insulted his wife and father only because he's facing a tough re-election is quintessential ted cruz.
so its ok for bernie and warren to support hillary? she is against everything they stand for and she rigged the election
lemon water...good for your metabolism
so is the color yellow
everyone does free work. whether it's for a friend or just someone you admire artistically. we're here to make art whether or not we.....
...reap the benefits today or next year.
im going to ikes again what should i get
i get the gator and i add pesto, shits
are swirlies still a thing?
were they ever really a thing
what platform?
you redeem them on and choose the platform there. they'll send you an email with a code prior to start
it is controversial, but it did get ill legal guns off of the streets in ny city when juliani implemented it.
this policiy will do more harm than good. more will be locked up and people will complain about no black fathers
i advise not admitting this while in boston around bostonians.
you should visit boston in february when it's frozen and get a dunkin donuts *iced* coffee to warm yourself. really. so goood.
loves men !!!!!
you are going to give someone a heart attack one of these days angela bcz u r too beautiful
don't see why this is shocking...or why there's an 'lol' in this... what are you insinuating???
that ur trash at driving
janet yellen has a message for donald trump: stop badmouthing the federal reserve
just the federal reserve??
congratulations, dr. day!
- thank you!
what pass? you give them attention and revenue when you make an uproar about their articles.
hey you can make case if you don't point it out it gets worse, so those who choose to, choose
doesn't hoi iv get really repetitive and bland once you finish the main civs?
depends on how you play, really.
hot take: mighty taco is certified triddash
how coincidental that i just tweeted at them and you're trashing them now
yep, hillary really cares for the disadvantaged and impoverished .
they are disgusting and should pay for their crimes-
wow! must not like jessie powell's blogspot blog either! is this plunge off a nine-story parking garage con...
wow is continuing with its , what a feeling toyota of defective, runaway cars, lets go places.
they clinched with the point in regulation :)
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh got it!
again with this bullshit "if you have sex with a drunk girl it's not rape." is hitting people with your car while drunk not a dui!?
drunk sex is not a crime.
depends on how you play, really.
yo could make the same case for any paradox game
very nice, wish i had a personal tennis court
i wish i liked tennis
wow i wish i won that dollar
well eblank isnt responding so dm me your paypal
janet yellen has a message for donald trump: stop badmouthing the federal reserve
i guess trump couldn't get any dirt on janet yellen. good for her!!!!!!!!
portfolio i think bc i had sound check
i hate portfolio and they need to get rid of it. im still mad.
there's something viscerally pleasurable about the nonsense word dialect of rick and morty. squanchy, plumbus, meeseeks...
squanchy. admit it, it's fun to say.
it's for the cookie dough flavors anyway. i'm not that type of white woman.
oh i don't do cookie dough. i will say that banana pudding flavor is creck too. and i don't even like banana pudding.
the decision i had to make saturday, i don't wish on anyone. one more of these, i could run for president.
we knew about the explosions in seaside park, but do we put 60k people into a panic, &amp; clog roadways
almost there. practice, practice, practice!
because this isn't awkward at all [caption this]
mid 2014 here
and 2fa enabled?
now off to the airport! heading to bangkok with &amp; so excited!
enjoy thailand it is amazing
turtle head was in charge?
that is the question, isn't it?
happy birthday, cweezy!! thanks for letting me thirdwheel last time hehe hope you're enjoying your day &amp; god bless!
omg hahahah you shouldn't thank me for torturing u tbh but thanks, abby!! good luck w college :-)
i don't think it means, see a black guy or muslim, frisk them. anyone appearing suspicious or is a known threat
tell that to nypd who mostly frisked blacks and hispanics. he specifically mentioned chicago as well
in other, overshare-y news, i'm gonna get started on prep next week.
congrats! :d
startups options should last for 10 years or allow net exercise. otherwise employees often have to forfeit on departure. borderline scam.
oftentimes employees kept in dark about equity. some places refuse to disclose valuation etc even. see:
if she too drunk to give consent but you have sex with her anyway, its rape. very simple.
a woman is never "too drunk to give consent". lol
tight! should i play xbox or ps4 ps hook us if somehow possible.
yo play ps with me
i just slept 'til noon. i haven't been physically able to do that in a long time
this is great news. let the festivities begin!
how many of the 3000 thousand other victims murdered by criminals do you think deserved to die?
why make the issue black &amp; white? all violence is wrong. i'm not anti-cop, just anti-violence.
oh you finally took my advice
i knew someone mentioned it
it can't be that bad?
ohhhh yes it can
official ut transcripts just went up from $10 to $20 each. that means over $1mil for every current student to request a single transcript.
it's just sacrificing 2 . but
he wasn't armed and he complied with police orders. that's why he wasn't shot.
paint yourself black for one day and experience 24 hrs as a black man you may judge less
trump?! a con-man?!! hillary makes donald look like abe lincoln.
year right!
it'd have to be or
i have a feeling this will happen sooner than you think
this is humiliating
the most embarrassing 2 minutes of tv i've ever seen. she's a dictator&amp;robby's scared is what it tells
. on demystifying the presidential cult (hit the link for free! kindle copy of cult from )
. also - we elect a triumvirate not just potus to lead our divided government...
hang on, this would be the opposite, like a drunk person walking out in front of a car. not the driver's fault.
if driver were drunk as well, the driver would be at fault regardless of the pedestrian being drunk.
i'm waiting on your work. you think i don't remember?
i pulled out my sketch pad last night. i'm going to get cracking on it.
pre-run at . love business meetings that incorporate wellness activities!
nice to see you at this meeting... i should have introduced myself...
honestly, whats likelier: pats strike gold w/ every qb, incl. 1 of the 2 only good years cassel has...
wait a second. every qb? hoyer, mallett?? i already mentioned tebow. what's more myth is that every qb's worked.
given atlanta's hard-on for ex-yankees, just put ivan nova in a braves uni &amp; introduce him to waffle house already
and they seem to not be averse to bad contracts. i can think of a few...lf &amp; cf to start with.
here's that story...
hahahaha imagine reebok getting wind of his name change before he did it and started churning out more.
did the new link/tweet show up too?
yes, i just hadn't scrolled up far enough before replying to first one. twitter needs to get on that edit function xd
hang on, this would be the opposite, like a drunk person walking out in front of a car. not the driver's fault.
a drunk person is always responsible for their actions.
erics worse than brett favre
jordan you wouldn't last a day at our job
here's a "feeling my look even though today is garbage" selfie.
... daddy af tbh. super fire.
you want them to, plan, shoot, edit and post your podcast? so i'm clear on what you are looking for.
yup. i just want to turn the key. :)
someone's buyin em
fair enough. my guess is not many!
corey lewandowski reportedly suspended by cnn
cnn didn't care they just wanted a pro-trump voice.idiots. lost all respect for cnn.
please help report this bigot
couldn't be any one but a supporter...can tell bythe ignorant,backward tweet.. maybe 1of those with 1toothleft
trying 2 care less about awards but if this song isn't nominated for an oscar im taking my lil boat to england
what is this beautiful one direction circa 2012/marty mcfly/dead poets society/st elmo's fire/skins fever dream
this is how i met you
right! i was looking childish lol
yeah man longest intro ever too lol
i like, would love to see a community video like i used to try to do myself
are you telling me this isn't true?! idk what to believe anymore!
here's an article
my lady who has been doing my eyebrows since i was 13 retired aka i feel so betrayed, why would she leave me????
the new ladies suck, my eyebrows are ruined. rip to the eyebrows i used to know
is dc on your travel list?
unfortunately it's not for this trip, but maybe before xmas! seattle &amp; vancouver after here then home!
i've enjoyed being able to sleep these past few nights but i'm ready to give that up for american horror story tonight.
it's not even scary
you know that's besides that's point bro. we spent hours in there throughout hs
we really did that was the official meetup and drop off spot. when they had the pool table and arcade downstairs it was lit
ok cool. friends don't let mac friends name their 2.4ghz and 5ghz wifi networks the same
name the 2.4 one [network name] 5g
if she too drunk to give consent but you have sex with her anyway, its rape. very simple.
how do u know that the drunk woman isn't the one who is having sex with the man 'anyway'?
. how do you sleep at night after getting a child rapist off?
you know trump is accused of raping an under age girl, right?
bopping around the just me and a tote bag and a camera. : )
these look so nice omg
mysterious blob catching people off guard in stockton
": mysterious blob catching people off guard in stockton
hang on, this would be the opposite, like a drunk person walking out in front of a car. not the driver's fault.
it's certainly not a man's fault if a drunk woman offers herself for sex.
it's actually not.. every dollar is like 20 pesos.. so i could've bought 2 world tour jerseys in monterrey with wha...
i really wanted the world tour jersey but it was like $50 and i didn't have enough $$$$$$
happy birthday
thank you, queen!
ay fam give your ex nigga props from me too... had you fooled too till you saw it
i got 30 on dios! hella being an instigator right now
the fashion choices of jimmy carter and the littering habits of roald amundsen, on today's "kennections" quiz.
got the kennection on 3 of the clues. fwiw, you should accept 'trash can'.
"fleabag" is a terrific show that has no desire to be appealing to men and that is pretty fucking great.
this is also true of me.
happy birthday
thanks, erica!!
they arrived !!!!
bring it bring it bring it!
sultan knish: muslim refugee terror is changing america
daniel greenfield is simply an outstanding commentator.
"i bet 'deplorables' does no damage to hillary" is looking like one of my great moments in punditry. what do i win?
halal cart chicken and rice hot sauce white sauce
again with this bullshit "if you have sex with a drunk girl it's not rape." is hitting people with your car while drunk not a dui!?
it's "not rape" since drunk sex is not a criminal offense in the us.
yeah they did that but they had rerouted me to chicago from abu dhabi 2 so my mom yelled &amp;got us some vouchers, try complaining
i've been yelling and calling for days now but imma ask for vouchers cuz this is ridiculous
if money was no object, what would you do all day?
i'm very content with the things i do now. maybe travel to see the bf and do things with him.
what if nyc was infested with baby bunnies instead of rats?
i might think about rolling on the ground with them all day long
i just mean, aren't the idea groups fairly barebone outside of the major civs?
yeah. that's really it though.
hey bobo, i'm from the uk, are the mets a golf team?
the mets are a baseball team
father of modern statistics argued smoking doesn't cause cancer-pitfall of being didactic on correlation v causation
also the other founder of modern statistics -- francis galton -- invented eugenics
the polls say... what they're paid to say
not good-so sleezy-thanks for posting
(2/2) - threatening violence or having sex with someone who is incapable of consenting because they're drunk or asleep is rape
drunk women are not "incapable of consenting". lol
tmobile says they cover 99.7% of americans same as verizon does lies your service is ass and you know it. don't spread that blasphemy.
haha...i got t-mobile too...they're ok. what city
it's going to be excelleeeeent!
best news i heard all day
yeah so i got invited to go to this bc i'm a music tech major i'm. so excited u guys
omg lucky!! this is so cool when will my school ever
i officially start my last year in college this thursday
okay, i'm actually excited to go back to school now lol
even tho roses on clothing is basic now, idc.. that tee is cute af
it's so cute and different enough!
what about autoplay video? app started autoplaying video ads with sound. uninstall was swift and merciless.
hate that too. hate.
in case anyone wanted to know what sharing a locker with is like
how was there a mess already and i cleaned it up lmfao
...catastrophic happens with clinton which gives him maybe a 1-10% chance rather than the...
i'll happily sell u contracts 4 hrc win at $0.92, a 50% premium to avg price u cited
thats whats so sad about how the media operates today
each day they lose more and more credibility , ytube community and pods, facbk live, all eat at base
i've always wanted to open up a filipino bakery
and name it "hey puto!"
for a chance to purchase the yeezy v2, qt this then tag us, , two friends &amp; your shoe size . winners...
hey size 10.
the only argument before was ppv buys. punk's "superstar" status didn't even help break 500k.
kudos 2 u 4 saying this i have cancelled watching ufc in my house due to the favoritism of a wwe wanna be who lost in 1st rnd!
i hate you both
this was from like 2 days ago. wtf
were you ever kidnapped from a front yard as a child, gang raped, beaten, left for dead?
you sound more and more like a jew.
diana broke up with me today wow
you overreact ! call me back cause i won't this time!
truth and karma can be a bitch
!he's furious because his bloated cash cow of a foundation,his personal laundering operation is being busted
but they're also shady and not entirely transparent a lot - any seo vet will attest :)
negative talk about $goog is almost as bad as saying something about the etc. i stand by them :)
a very happy birthday to my main gurl, . may your day be a wonderful one with . &amp; i miss you both.
as far as days go, it was alright!
literally some boys tried to jump her at school!
omg what tf is going on in this world, let's fight them
well it's tomorrow so go tomorrow and see him
damn man i thought it was thursday today lmao
i come alive in the fall time
me &amp; you both!
my consumption of this evening will be in direct proportion to the time i've spent formatting pages in our company cms.
my favorite cms is a collection of markdown files.
happy b day to the only senior citizen that i know that can still get a hard on without the help of a little pill...
wow! thanks love!
only class i failed in college
just straight up walked out if my lab because my numbers were all fucked up
would be interested to hear what they are saying--although a nauseated sort of interest ;)
here's the video from today, skip to min 32
nigga where?
my prized possession!!!
and i respect your decision.
i respect yours but let's make it clear, i'm not telling you or community what they should do or think
do you have a podcast on fathering? spiritual father and son relationships
here is a series i did on that it starts with this message:
i'm sorry but every pic of him is perfect i couldn't decide!!
fair enough honestly
helps but not as much as the public thinks. definitely not a bad thing though
feel it. people don't realize how much shit they put in their body until they start counting macros or have someone do it 4 them
- shucks. if would like a ticket, send her our way. in the meantime, take care and see you around!
please , bring the ticket to booth or meet at afterwards
i hate that my car doesn't have an aux cord like how!?
mine doesn't either i have a radio transmitter though and it works just as good, there hella cheap on amazon
you on the case again tonight? potential is there visually (i'm in nw nassau right now though). s...
don't think i'll be able to today (maybe). not sure if anything can beat yesterday though.
trump's "african-american" town hall on hannity
poor black children born in rural mississippi, the lot of them.
ryan gosling and eva mendes finally got married
you gotta pick one!
about 7 of those 11 years had nothing to do with having our number. we sucked.
your words. not mine. and to be fair, gators have won 20 of the last 26 in the series going back to 1990.
i'm not your friend actually
glad we are on the same page, i just didn't wanna embarrass you
you see dante standing there with his thumb up his ass watching morgan hit the dr.? oh m g are you a cop or what?
i was so mad! guess it pays to be related to the blue. he didn't have to arrest him but sure should have prevented that!
heh heh....it's going to be very cool and very different. i'm not messing around over here!
i am super excited!
and i respect your decision.
i'm just pointing out the bullshit nature of it all and that's really undeniable . major bs
oh my gosh, i just remembered the time trump fought the pope.
this week one year ago.
i know kendal jenner not hanging with gucci shut it down
she's doing too much now. she can go.
the chronicles of nyomie
when someone fell and nyomie still went on recording zayn (also deja in the back lmao)
more who, people carrying ill legal fire arms, nonrecreational drugs, felons, thieves?
the war on drugs needs to stop. thats a whole other arguments. and stop and frisk violates 4th amendment
warren sapp just caught a fish that could probably eat him (via )
that's a big ass tune $$$
would be interested to hear what they are saying--although a nauseated sort of interest ;)
the techno hype goes to 11 on this for sure, why legible critique is so important
i say brady is replaceable and always has been, i think the past and the first 2 games this year shows that
btw, so when rodgers got hurt and matt flynn almost beat pats in foxboro, did that prove rodgers was a system qb?
someone who knows a good third party teaching website for physics and calculus please help
khan academy
really wish fb would stop notifying me when someone is live
i know! like we give a fuck if someone is live.
if one more person cancels on tonight's opening im going to pull my hair out
i cannot make this opening
hack implies a system was broken into. when a password is guessed w/o compromising a system, there should be a different word for it #take
is it called "breaking in" if someone enters your house trough an unlocked door?
okay but like my grandma is the cutest thing ever! what she said when i asked what she wanted for christmas...
can i get one too please
check with me , a week before show!
my cousin i would bring you gave positive encouragement to before he took the stage in la many years ago his bday 9/30 thx
. the show had me crying today and michael saying goodbye to teddy choked me up!!
it was so sad
thank you very much yonathan, you too - hope you enjoy the rest of it
hey bff, such a chameleon, you have so many different looks never would've guessed this was you th...
thank you for your support
im laughings
president pledged monday to increase inputs and take more measures to eliminate in china. (file...
as leporacy blighted, us '00'04'12'13'15 stillness byglobally important climate qi-gong(monticello for meeho)06420 strike.
shoutout to all my teachers and the fucking nurse for working together and getting me iss before the third fucking week of school. u hoes
how the fuck do u get kicked out of the nurses office lmao good job jazmine
shes been as real as it gets, she shared her feelings to james, the dr &amp; talking to other hgs &amp; livefeeders, people are cruel
yeah and corey flat out said he didnt want nicole to the guys yet they get more love i think its their obsession with paul
i propose a coalition between our hockey nations - finland &amp; team north america - as we attempt to defeat the russians. f'n tna
where's your pride in team usahahahahahaahhh.... i almost said that with a straight face. dammit.
islamic state militants may have fired a chemical shell at us troops based in iraq, officials tell american media
that's what islam does best
some thoughts on design research from my masters
great piece! loved reading this
puglia is the most magical place!
glad you love puglia check out my biz :)
ryan gosling and eva mendes finally got married
you gotta pick one!
any plans on adding it? sounds like something awesome! /c
we don't have any servers, accounts or user data, so dropbox is the only route.
dude looks different too.
what do you mean
here's another test tweet.
-i can see this tweet!
who is this? and how do i get the full video?
brotha polite
you are a shining star (boom - metaphor)
i'm coming home next friday i want to sneak into your class and steal all of your books
another groundout, this time by healy, another a's run. 5-4 astros. that ground-run double costing oakland a run earlier...
let's go a's win this one.
waiting is never fun. anything we can help you with, today? *davidmi
my new ipad is within my grasp. lot of people ahead of me. maybe a kiosk for folks to pay their bills in here.
which means there is a higher probability that blacks will be stopped and fisked. local cops know the bad guys
if you want to take their guns, take them. but dont lock them up. if they have drugs, let them have them
attractive waiters that got lucky after sucking enough hollywood cock are generally who i go to for political advice
thats funny!!! lol
unarmed black citizens are being killed by police and few are talking about the systemic racism within both parties
the us is racist, literally founded on racism. watching ppl call out each other as racist is just... weird
just found u and am a big big big fan thank u for this
hey you should also listen to 's new album its so good too like. wow
who's in san francisco this weekend for folsom street fair?
wish i could be there but wedding to attend :(
reach out and engage more with . i've been using twitter ads recently to promote my story &amp; it amplified my presence, so can you!
we're happy to hear you're reaching more people. let us know if you have any questions! we're here to help :)
i did too , epiphany had me crying
piph is the best. nails it every time. she's on fresh off the boat, occasionally and hilarious on it.
i hear back about two auditions tonight. love to be stressed.
one of the show has 8 parts, 4 male parts. 80 people auditioned.
from the desk of , the guys did not cover the most important topic from jeffrey gundlach, powerful call how important 2132 is
i'm sure he's still long gold though.
media needs to be held accountable and they have lots to be accountable for.
ppl say don't give them attention, i combat it by pointing it out and going on pods
talk to us, kristen! we can hardly wait to hear your story....
best cs when i booked my on wrong day &amp;had to change day before also gate called when was boarding 2 make sure i didn't miss it
+go and do that right away ;)
ha - that's fantastic! exactly what i want to happen! draw away - the book will keep...
new bodies not hawkeyes lmao sorry no shade here
asav. asav your car is annoying...
ah ok, but why does the mascot have a golf bal for a head?
that's what a baseball looks like it has stretches on it
simon cowell has offered to come up with a new bakery-based show for the
what? no! would not be as good, he's too americanized..
what do you mean? you liked that i was giving up my ticket!
i like you trying to give away your ticket, publicly! lol
[the most dangerous game] *...first one ignores me, then one laughs at me, then one tries to fight m...
*...believe in oneself &amp; all that one is. know that there is something inside one that is greater th...
you and everyone else were pretty safe just staying where you were saturday,navy &amp; coast guard just off shore, dozens of cops.
plus the fbi, &amp; nsa you didn't see, plus taylor swift's body guards who are all ex-military &amp; armed.&amp; the army flying over head
i say brady is replaceable and always has been, i think the past and the first 2 games this year shows that
cause add on not even a whole half, that's all we have on garoppolo if he's supposed to prove your point on brady.
be safe i love you if you did it and succeeded for lana then you will again for shawn
it's definitely happening thank you i love you
which means there is a higher probability that blacks will be stopped and fisked. local cops know the bad guys
we shouldnt be locking up people for what they decide to put in their body. we should focus of rehab &amp; education
1st advance review for "audacity: how barack obama defied his critics and transformed america" is up... &amp; it's good:
congrats! must be nice to have a positive start
happy birthday we don't have any pics yet but i'm so glad we are getting closer and i hope you have an amazing day!!!
i'm so happy we're getting closer too!!! thank you so much for being there for me these past few days thank you!!
media needs to be held accountable and they have lots to be accountable for.
it's a fact that ytube and other social media outlets are eating away at media base.
a high school history teacher stepped on an american flag to teach students a lesson
isnt about a banner or a , its about the , just as long as no one burns that we'll all be fine
that reminds me; did you ever assemble all the new computer parts your gathered? or is that still an ongoing project?
still ongoing, it got shelved while taking care of the house/kitchen (next week is bathroom)
ti really called don king uncle ruckus. probably the best insult ever.
damn that's fucked
beautiful! shall i get out my climbing gear?
you'll probably need it. i'd say that crystal was about 10-15 neds tall.
yes. i am doing my first proper rewatch right now and i am so sad for my younger self's jess love. they are all awful.
i just rewatched and had the same reaction. i do think she'll end up with jess, though.
important lesson - think before you speak.
true but some of the best one liners ever were on the fly.
so like, come join us! it's free and open to the public, just be sure to register and nab a ticket in advance
tickets have been acquired. as lord vader would say, "and now the circle is complete."
i'm truly proud.
yeah ok when u taking me out to eat tho
20-30 with a chance to surprise a lot of people because atkinson and the staff will impress a lot of people this year
you make me feel more sane with that tweet
as said it needs an investigation (to get close to the full picture of the events), easy as ... talk to witnesses.
how many "witnesses" are there typically when a woman has sex with a man?
nigga wtf for the f?!?
yay baby! i got the 2 5 dolla boxes one for me and one for my mom and the chinito plugged me
jimmy, you seem like a reasonable person by your tweets. but being a bulldog is not reasonable.
you trolled me, then i pointed this exact thing out, then you make it like it was my fault. take some responsibility,
i just love the name salem
also melody and briar
hey guys look at the tan aryan giant i used to be (the girl to the right of me is the same age as i am lol)
in case you were wondering we are dressed to perform a dance to rihanna's 'sos' for our camp talent show
. i did that too!! i was the whole show!! sabrina will be very missed!!
i really liked her
she took the target. i'm not saying he used her or anything. just saying he benefited too
they were both a good team she looked out for him just as he did her
i have them ranked really closely this week. i have no problem with you going snead over diggs in this case.
yeah i figured the handcuff would be the smart play. thanks
love the shirt!!!
thanks! but come home grace
as said it needs an investigation (to get close to the full picture of the events), easy as ... talk to witnesses.
i don't believe that every instance of sex between adults requires an investigation.
this is not the worst idea i've read today
i try to keep the bar high around here lol
the olympics might be over but officer cebulski can dream, can't he? with a 20lb gun belt, vest &amp; boots. impressive...
we love nypd!!!!
nah, i gotta load up on newsroom again
you just saw that clip with will blacking didn't you?
that's probably mvp rose's numbers. what's current post injury rose speed?
no idea. ask she's our resident numbers person
yesterday was one of the best days ever
was it packed?
exactly, he stood there and saw it coming. poor dr. joe hes just doing whats right..
and what anyone had to expect he'd do
hi trish. closures are needed in emergencies or for safety. we try to minimize impact on traffic as much as possible.
will it be closed all week? thx for the response!
media lacking the adjectives "falsely" or "inaccurately" in headlines about trump, which is what most people base opinion on.
that's totally true. they've been bad at that forever (don't want to seem biased), but no one's been as outright as trump
dottie is 50lbs and still this is too big for her!
i miss u greta r u gonna come back to fox please
jeezus but ios fights you every step of the way if you try to always use typographically correct quotation marks. fuck.
. gets curly quotes right, but really it should just be a system level preference. and *not* endlessly confuse the ios autocorrect.
stick with the quality polls - nbc / wsj &amp; wapo / abc are the 2 best - ras is bogus.
yeah i tend to follow marquette, marist and monmouth. ppp is ok yougov, nbc is good
i am a firm believer in that there's media bias. no argument from me there.
well we agree there
game of thrones: the college years would be absolutely indistinguishable from a documentary on american politics
carl... not like this....
so ! now that we can zoom on instagram ... how's this ? bri
well done zoom action !
wait wtf u can edit playlist covers??!:!:!:! is this new am i late
wait what? how/
your identity is the arbitrary circle you draw around certain perceptions to distinguish the self from the other.
both are mere implications...
such a disgrace if vic really did win afp... only because he came back twice &amp; won comps... but he played a horrible game
lol i cant see someone evicted three time win afp
you feel safe saying things like this online lol.
why shouldn't she feel safe saying those things online or otherwise? they. are. all. facts.
check on this for me?
ft says its legit...i believe it tbh
it's hard to market a gangster--hillary is outspending trump 4:1 but they're virtually tied in the polls
doubt it. he will open his baby lip mouth insert his baby foot in it along with that of his 2 sons dumb dumber and spoiled
family of terence crutcher, who was fatally shot by a police officer in tulsa, calls for national day of justice:...
that will mean obama will vacate the white house
as said it needs an investigation (to get close to the full picture of the events), easy as ... talk to witnesses.
if she is specially making a rape-claim, perhaps police would investigate, but u are saying to investigate all sex acts?
a big monster that ate toyoko &amp; had green scaly skin? i'm not digging it.
oh no that lib-er-al was insulting. go go ashzilla
love this so much. . .
this man's a glambert queenbert !!
i was way off!
i wonder how much they spent on that. 60-80 bucks?
new paper! physicians shared one of 2 distinct assessment impressions of same resident-pt encounter
great work!
. is something going on idk about? griffin and epiphany praying started me crying because it was so beautiful!!
no, i think it's just the story right now. i bet there will be a big celebration episode when it reopens!
. what an amazing ipo today for $ttd is this the first publicly traded company?
indeed it is. thanks for the kind words. and the team are great and citi did a v.good job
msnbc's huge pinchwitt says 'skittles' uproar is 'absurd' and will 'help donald trump' via
hewitt has history of always being wrong. going back 20 years he wrote books that were and still are a joke.
we're live!!! all money going to ! they're super excited to partner with us
information shared gigi.
on your way you go to beautiful ! safe journey to all! ...
let us know when you've arrived!
she &amp; i are both from denver though!
that i seem to recall ... perhaps discussing when i first met you ... that and :)
the tv saying something, about disaster in this world and...it made me wondering i'm going!
wrong song but good try
depends on how it's implemeted. probable cause or existing law. parolies are subject to stop and frisk anytime
for somebody to say they want to "restore law and order back in the us", it doesnt sound like he will be docile
fox poll has clinton +12 with hispanics in nevada - with an moe of +/-10.
why does that seem so low to me?
don't be. you've done your part, ball is their court. all you can do is put yourself in a position for good things to happen.
preach, senor
(and this wastes effort, when we have the same goal... at least in getting rid of trump)
if you want to make friends, you w/b "oops my bad" not 'oh, well, umm you should have written your tweet better, then'
poll: 44% likely to turn off nfl if national anthem protests continue - breitbart
've stopped watching since this is spreading.god bless jerry jones for taking a stand w/his team.
josh norman will go "anywhere odell goes...except for slot" in sunday's game against the giants. (via )
this story is a hoax just like that whore britt mchenry
it walked me through all of that when i enabled it.
not sure then. i didn't know the difference between 2fa and two-step verification until today. weird.
hi there! how are you?!
hi! amazing how are you??
ok so i decided to stay away from the builds. i'm making a usb recovery drive for the new windows 10 install i just set up.
i need to install an ssd or split my current windows 10 partition in two on the 1tb internal hdd that i've been sharing with ubuntu linux.
back in reality, trump's floor in the betting markers has been 20% and his ceiling has been 40%, because national p...
there's free money on the table right now buying into this dem panic on betting markets.
fantastic love his work
oh absolutely a super friendly guy and just so involved with his fan base
i just rewatched and had the same reaction. i do think she'll end up with jess, though.
(since they gave him a nice pr boost in later seasons.)
the way she looked out for him i think is seriously underrated
completely agree
not my kids' coach, otherwise, we would have a chat for sure...only one other parent there
pretend you're taking a video of him. keep your shades on.
burn it and it's good lol
i'll burn it tomorrow if you bring me some mcdonald's today
thats crazy darling. madness. how good can a dumpling be??
darling that is the very question that drives my life. as you know i hunt dumplings for sport.
yes... it just isn't. it's better to be open instead of hoping the truth never comes out
you know it's no good when even gollum points it out. etiquette matters
this video always takes me out
ok but his ass fat. i'd say yes daddy too
hey i know that guy
he's a freakin cutie huh
they're here! who wants to be the first one own a new jersey?
got any joe johnson jerseys to giveaway?
hey who do i talk to about reporting a child labor law violation at this bww that is clearly employing a 14 yo girl as a dj
what's your bww triv name and ranking?
a "black hole" of null objects (not even methods can escape :-)
a "void" of null objects (too soon?)
cnn hasn't had me on again. was it bcuz i destroyed their narrative &amp; have over 1 million views? ...
gee, you think?
there's an npm library for that
in scheme you can redefine anything including numbers
thank you , for the melodies
thank you for joining me!!!
what's a cd?
not to mention, "windows" and a "printer"
people (maybe bots?) have started arguing politics with my non-interactive twitter bot, . should i make it argue back?
bi-directional lstm... encode-decode both ways. source the learning data from subreddit/r/politics or r/news
brett is the shark whisperer
i heard him!
one of many examples
i don't think anyone would say it's not possible, but it seems rare enough the investor's background is the headline?
scary stories to tell in the dark 4
nyomie looks like she got caught up in some paranormal shit with ka lye in the back
achievement unlocked for , finally moved imessage into a group and telegram to the bottom bar (so it's alw...
when i loaded this image on my android phone, it made it look like i had ios running on it. this makes me uncomfortable.
head on over to the app to start submitting your questions for now!
beyond excited!!
gattis with his third hr of series, a shot off the back wall in dead center. wow. 6-4 astros in eighth.
ugh.. we score than give up run.
yeah make some shit up that u have important medical related stuff in those bags u cdn't bring on carry on&amp; is causing distress
yeah my sisters asthma machine is in the luggage that's in canada right now so imma do that hehe thanks sis
good american
american good but much better person and eyes, are able to outshine
aaahh glad shes out there working. i watched part of the first season of that and then left
i watch it when all else is reruns. she plays a lesbian bartender. the mom goes to this bar &amp; just thinks the women are all nice.
yeah no ifs about that i'm there maybe even the slam too
trying to see aj vs nakamura for that strap. adam cole vs jay lethal for the nxt strap? o_0
if adrian peterson does in face have a torn lcl and meniscus, how much does that change the timetable?
season over.6+ months
only egg chocolate chip is being recalled! it's all good guys!
that's exactly the one i thought they'd recall. the raw egg is the problem.
one of many examples
or, rather, rare enough it's news at all?
unarmed black citizens are being killed by police and few are talking about the systemic racism within both parties
bill's just pandering for votes for hill. cheap. it's not like he's gonna reverse anything or pay damages.
la times is a great poll. it's terribly skewed trump but it is 1st to show changes in electorate. just got to remember to add 7 to clinton.
agreed. definitely my favorite poll. i thought it was 6 though?
high 'not qualified' etc, will stop many from voting trump. and why? because 1. the ads do work 2. the birther stuff does matter and 3/
also becoming more obvious he is a jerk?
couldn't find 2 more willing to spend a full day (open to close) at a target if they lost
forgot the crucial detail that you have to wear a red polo and khakis
will u circumcise your hypothetical son
luv this topic
all of your fan carzy and you.i like this song.
you're my kind of crazy ;)
twilight provided to you by ... poison!
also by bam
. she was one of my favorites!! i wonder if she had a big fanbase?
i think it was pretty big. it's unfortunate they let the character die.
do you just use the base app, or something else? really want to get the full use out of mine
just camera app for taking, can't wait for "portrait" mode. prisma and vinci are fun for effects, and snapseed for tuning
i asked my mom to rid me of my debt as her form of zakat this year so inshallah pray for me
im screamjng lmk what happens
in scheme you can redefine anything including numbers
not cars with numbers in them, the 5 symbol
i've pledged &amp; so has my new teen driver.
that is awesome!!!
btw, do conversation data make their way to google now cards?
nope. don't think that much tech is there. may be google assistant conversations. but just my guess
missed this .... big sad face :(
dat replay life!
when your kids play with your shoes!! i just wanted to step outside for a minute ...
lol. it made for a great photo though.
add me into it
sorry, i don't wanna make it low quality
he goes outside!
spoilers: get ready for a lot of bird murder
. on : my kind of crazy
yes thank u!
sent me a new antibacterial dope ass box for all my sex toys so i'd say today was a good day
you are feeling the joy now! keepin it clean while you get dirty.
"hope your family sees the effects of a bomb over a gun 1st hand" -- comment posted on instagram under a picture of me and my family.
just deleted about 50 similar ones, mostly not as violent. nice folks.
it is soooo us hahahaha! always sharing each other's clothes ! i love you and miss u lovie!!!
i miss you too baby cakes :( :( i feel lost without youuuu lol
happy birthday friend, !!!! love you to pieces. (if you're celebrating, i want in)
thank you! i'm in the house for the weekend--mostly. probably will try something next weekend though.
the few times i covered nfl as columnist, i viewed pressers as set-up material for jokes. boilerplate deprivation hardship.
yes! if a player suddenly says real things, i am like, "cool! can just organize this instead of manufacturing bullshit!
we know. there is a large cane that his been blocking los to a core antenna for weeks. we are working on it now.
i've had no internet since 9:30 am with one 5 minute period working. i'm at fell and shrader. when do u expect it ip?
why not today lol and idk what my work schedule is just yet
cause i ain't got nothing to burn today
the inimitable formosa cafe
one of my favorite places to have a drink in la. classic atmosphere.
thanks for taking the time &amp; effort to stream and help kids in need- and congratulations on hitting your goal.
look were people now! que music!!!
november 25th
trash. email my ticket
a big monster that ate toyoko &amp; had green scaly skin? i'm not digging it.
i bet james likes it
fox news nc poll (likely voters): trump leads 45-40 burr leads 43-37 mccrory leads 46-43
sounds very optimistic for rs tbh
i need to install an ssd or split my current windows 10 partition in two on the 1tb internal hdd that i've been sharing with ubuntu linux.
one thing i discovered is i need a few drivers from the msi support site (the windows 8.1 x64 version since it doesn't list windows 10).
&amp; you never see ppl read nutrition facts on food these days. ppl think they got grape juice but it's just grape flavor sugar water
4 real!!! it's shit too cuz i guarantee people get diabetic "out of nowhere" and shit but they just get got \_()_/
you on the case again tonight? potential is there visually (i'm in nw nassau right now though). s...
scratch that. should be able to get some pics lol
nah you cool. i'm just tired of the whole "it's disrespectful to those who serve to not stand for the flag" perspective cause
yeah. i feel it. it's a lot of controversy over simple a american right. i try to stay out of it
i just idly thought "i want all girls in boxers to love me" but yeah
but i want to destroy the lives of every girl in briefs
he was an art student, so he was aware of visuals. i think he even commissioned the vw car logo.
he was not a bad painter. i've seen some of his watercolors (at an exhibit in nyc).
. en : my kind of crazy
yes! you're my kind of crazy!!
right now i'm not focused on making money idc how it sounds
i can't multitask, i have to put all my attention and work ethic into one thing... and rn that's school, internships, experiences.
. i worried that maybe it was going off the air or something.
i know! man, it had that feel, didn't it? i can't lose another soap! i still miss as a the world turns so much.
a must read!!
good stuff. thanks for putting that out.
true, i just don't see a spot for him
it's unlikely he makes the roster, but he'd be great for lin (the team not player)
oh man, that looks incredible. what flavor was that?
it was strawberry! so good! and it's not as sweet!
that sounds nasty af to me
idk why they wouldn't have thought to find a freaking egg substitute.
hey surprise midou is a girl but also she is perfectly healthy just needs some sunshine
midou??? a girl??? more likely than u think
i legit just told these two guys i was 17 so that they wouldn't bug me to donate money to put oysters into the ocean and they believed me.
i'm 32. the joys of looking young.
i get it, he is heroic in many ways... but ends up weeping and humbled. i think after a careful look at his characterization its obvious.
bro what the fuck are u
this is something the worst person you work with would do.
"hey, are you coming to my surprise party on saturday? heh heh, i'm not supposed to know about it. ssh! heh heh."
you want it to argue or you want it to burn things to the ground :)
haha!my first time i tried training char-rnn on a sample like that..ohhh..utter chaos! twas dark
the idea of natural birth is basically bullshit, but so is getting all huffy about it.
jamie do they still let you have a birth where they just zonk you out on all the drugs and you wake up the next w a baby?
what's their deal?
he's just not picking up on things he should by now, works slow, and makes hella mistakes. then i get to pick up the slack
one thing i discovered is i need a few drivers from the msi support site (the windows 8.1 x64 version since it doesn't list windows 10).
i don't "need" any, but the intel chipset driver is helpful because it's customized, so the device manager shows intel sata, not generic.
so don't play the military card with me sweetheart. i served as well and he's no hero to me.
what about his actions repulsed you?
i know! man, it had that feel, didn't it? i can't lose another soap! i still miss as a the world turns so much.
but i haven't read anywhere that gh is leaving. they just renewed the main writers' contract too. so, for now, it's safe
the fact that his poem eureka predicted the big bang theory (not the show) is incredible. hope ur well sophie x
this one is what i was told in boston by a historian.... incredible
i can't multitask, i have to put all my attention and work ethic into one thing... and rn that's school, internships, experiences.
much rather b working hands on gaining experience at school thru the resources i have than trying to make $$ just to look cool for other ppl
i don't know why people are angry for no reason all the time
i'm angry cus ur not sitting next to me :/
for those asking about tour dates.....
damn! i was hoping you and the boys would be back to ny again for another show
touch .. give you that..
i respect what you're doing but in order to make people give you their money your work has got to drop jaws. i think working with-
jamie do they still let you have a birth where they just zonk you out on all the drugs and you wake up the next w a baby?
and if so can you do that but if you're not pregnant and just want a day to zonk out and chill, thanks.
still think it's a travesty that owns doctor doom and star wars and has never had an out of continuity crossover.
yea. doom vs jedi!
watch: i spoke w/ about importance of making things in america again, right here at home in
almost sounds like "make america great again"
you can have some but i can imagine how sketchy it would look handing you a slab of meat outside of website r
have it cooked nd ready for munchin
every cnn reporter (or any reporter) would tell you that lewandowski still very much involved in the campaign....
is corey still on the trump payroll?
did someone really leave this on my windshield?
does this mean i can't buy it :/
i'll drive circles around the both of you
i was just clearing any confusing don't ever come at me like that again
. i hope you're right and u know there will be a huge celebration!! i wonder what will happen to liz?
i do, too. for now, she has to recuperate
also by bam
it's funny, i saw that. wanna?
kobushi's covering da di du de do da di. i thought that was a forgotten song. nice
im gonna cry i love that song so much
you can have some but i can imagine how sketchy it would look handing you a slab of meat outside of website r
the vegans would be upset
lmfao i'm on 10 smh i'm trying to hit with school and work it's not possible
were fucked lmao
yeah the fact that it wasn't campy and wacky is in and of itself pretty promising
what you think of the conceit tho
think it's amazing that out of the 350+ films at tiff this year, we *all* agree manchester by the sea was the best.
sadly i won't see it for months.
need a place for the meet up?hit me up
giorgie takes pics for me please. maybe either you or can scope it
i don't "need" any, but the intel chipset driver is helpful because it's customized, so the device manager shows intel sata, not generic.
the realtek audio driver is another package that was customized by msi for this particular laptop, so i install that for audio path names.
love this image by mua: hair:
great pic
that's not how you lower expectations!
hillary took it easy on bernie for sake of democratic party.
much rather b working hands on gaining experience at school thru the resources i have than trying to make $$ just to look cool for other ppl
when i have the career i want then i'll b doing what i love and making the money that comes with it. right now the paycheck isn't a priority
12"?! i saw sum of those, i want!!
yee! go on discogs! my favorite site lmao
a few pins spotted at
only saw hatter and "off with their heads," why can't i find the others?
to-- omnomomomom!! the days i got to be on !
really?? when was that?! and how did i miss it?!? link please?
ahh, that "tired, travelling business man" smell
get that image out of my head.
i respect what you're doing but in order to make people give you their money your work has got to drop jaws. i think working with-
the right people and coming together with other creatives can definitely exercise your abilities and it'll show in every shoot
how is pushed aside when it's addressed?"it's a hard pill to swallow"- eric july i was hoping the last...
it is hard to ignore racism when america was built on it, y'know?
the arts and crafts movement flourished in southern california design:
i coveted that light fixture when i saw it there a few weeks ago. and the table underneath it. and all the california craftsman items
that sucks dude i hate that. i hope it gets better!!
thanks!! me too!!
the fact that his poem eureka predicted the big bang theory (not the show) is incredible. hope ur well sophie x
read this one
how much for just the body?
$1500 brother
trump won't win. you can take that to the bank
stop. that. knock. on. something.
i agree that they're great, but original tweet in reference to seo industry stuff- what're your thoughts on allo?
. will check out the allo info, had no time today juggling other things, like educating again
if i get just an autograph from one superstar, can i take a picture with them as well?
unless you pay for a pic you won't get one unfortunately: (
pats o hasn't missed a beat without brady in 18 games without him.
until further notice (week 3 or week 4), if garoppolo counts for brady also, then flynn counts too for rodgers.
it's been a day since rise of iron launched. how are your guardians looking so far? send us your pics.
i look the as taken but higher light...oh and a new sword
if you come to la you're always welcome in class!!
yes!!!! i would love to actually! will try to fit it in when i visit
vcs invest to earn and learn. you can do both too.
hm. equity often immaterial unless you're early employee and co has material outcome. definition of material is important &amp; personal
when i pitch to others: 1. battery life 2. cameras 3. speakers 4. storage 5. waterproof
kinda nerdy, but taptic engine is making quite an impression on the non-technical people i show it to.
smh nothing you can really do i don't get how fans can be so mean on here either. never met james nat so
cause they think cheering on a guy who wants to punch women and call them cunts is cooler
available to join our chat?
coming in now
why do you support rape? do you call the teenage girls raped in germany and sweden by muslims backwards? you cunt
you are crazy
eh. let me know when north america takes on south america.
north america vs the southern hemisphere
a new fox news poll shows donald trump holding narrow leads over hillary clinton in three key battleground...
thanks bret- enjoy watching you as always. way before i was a trump supporter.
dyk? we work w/ + agencies to assess impact of emergencies on &amp; help restore operations
our emergency response team helps impacted by emergencies return safely, access free legal advice &amp; resolve insurance issues
you on the case again tonight? potential is there visually (i'm in nw nassau right now though). s...
scratch that, should be able to get some pics lol. doesn't look as great as yesterday however.
thank you oso blanco
whelp looks like i'll be in attendance when they clinch
"hope your family sees the effects of a bomb over a gun 1st hand" -- comment posted on instagram under a picture of me and my family.
love social media
others are in prison today for doing much less.
i just muted/blocked trump troll .
i think i'm 3 am i 3 ? 4 is too long
yeah your like between 2 and 3, some part 2 others 3
even if you love hockey, there's no way you actually cared about this right?
correct. just see seguin injury as to why.
it seems that hillary is more flexible, so there is a chance at least to get her to change. djt is immovable.
flexible if political winds change course (ie doma). decision process in order: 1. donor needs 2. political advantage
any luck finding the footage?
sorry, no video. turns out i was on foot at the time. it was going north on capp st as it crossed 20th st, around 4:45pm
do you have any names for us? this sounds amazing and we'd like to pass it on!
i wish i did :( but i was at the jax airport for the ladies that called me!
love louis c.k. even more because he does this. now, how to find a ticket. !
he is awesome! !
tickets on sale now!
the one weekend i can't go :(
love jamming w/ !! we don't talk anymore - charlie puth (vine by )
beautiful! wish i'd stuck with piano lessons now.
you want to deliberately miss my points, go ahead. idc. i think brady is the most overrated player in nfl history
what point am i missing? you just said you give me sample size and surge forth with 4 tds, flynn had 3 and 1 pick.
the realtek audio driver is another package that was customized by msi for this particular laptop, so i install that for audio path names.
the nvidia graphics driver is a bit strange because the newest version of geforce experience really wants your email address.
she's a busy chief (and a picky eater) but would love to meet your daughter! pm us &amp; we'll work it out.
oh, please follow up on this! gotta know what she won't eat!
good or bad not functioning
patron and weed type not functioning.
fr!! i have to carry a sweater just to wear in class sometimes lol
dude especially in the portables
welcome to adulthood
lmaooo bye
adam cole baybay!
thats my guy right there lmao. i love adam cole
nyomie looks like she got caught up in some paranormal shit with ka lye in the back
caption this
it seems that hillary is more flexible, so there is a chance at least to get her to change. djt is immovable.
but yes, certainly more flexible than trump. i'd agree with that.
i agree mr. trump needs to leave no doubt who's better
she is so worked up about it-she'll freeze
lololol 21 your whole life ?
nah 21 and 1 month. i met the one my first 30 days of living. she broke my heart and i ain't recover since
he too close huh
wayyyyy to close like stroke that thang nigga foh he humping the bitch
when we asked where the other hotel was, they hung up on us. it was several miles from where we'd planned to stay.
which hotel?
why do you support rape? do you call the teenage girls raped in germany and sweden by muslims backwards? you cunt
go get a book. but then again you probably can't read. claim back in the basket deplorable
i mean the roanoke colony is a great spooky mystery, i like the idea of using it in a horror show
the dramatic reenactment aspect is tripping me up on the low
i just don't get what's in the way of big sectors like pharma will be able to control the business, just safer ...
alcohol companies can get in the weed business too ... they have the money to invest ... doesn't make sense ...
always has been.
extra rocky relationship between us and phl. on the rocks. never neat ha.
ready for the ?! check out how connected deep sky vineyard in az! 9/22
we love this! email me please at vr-raymond.com
this isn't a competition, bro! i'm trying to save lyphes
8 yr olds dude(s).
jesus was the sun. all he did was give light. light is information and life.
the sunrise is when it's going up the sunset is coming down.
you want to deliberately miss my points, go ahead. idc. i think brady is the most overrated player in nfl history
also, brisett had a smaller play book with short passes/screens. sorta like prescott in romo's place. is romo a..?
bro sometimes it's best to just not look back lmao
that might be best
. i wonder if they ended it just in case their contact wasn't renewed.
i really think it's safe for now
does it come with a fire extinguisher ?
best battery
almost broke my heart today to hear my honors students tell me that they don't ever expect to live in a world without fear of terrorism.
i remember thinking the same thing about an impending nuclear war in the 80's.
guys who can speak spanish or french are so adorable
guys who can speak truthfully are also adorable lmfaooo
i've been to several of his shows.but one of my favorite moments was when he played random songs for folks on chat roulette
absolutely saw that on youtube awesome stuff
i know exactly what you mean welcome
it's the best feeling no depression can kill me now
tune in to at 6:30pe following the conclusion of this afternoon's action on mlb network.
jacob degrom underwent successful surgery today to "reposition" ulnar nerve in right elbow: ... ...
until the conversation becomes less polarized, resolution remains nearly impossible. that's the point here.
so as long as people remain uncomfortable w/ reality that race reaches into everything, we will be stagnate?
this is so real.
we've all been there lol
the nvidia graphics driver is a bit strange because the newest version of geforce experience really wants your email address.
not a big deal. the only other driver package i need from the msi support site after a windows 10 clean install is for the pcie card reader.
omg this is too funny
they took it off twitter
i think everyone should have a nap at least once a day, like it needs to be a law.
i really wish my life was chill enough for that to be possible
i think adding some lights to to highlight the trusses would look super cool. sort of like at oracle arena.
good idea we are looking into a lighting scheme as you recommended
super disappointed my math class is so easy...
easy a! woohoo! good boost for the gpa
i believe there is a bug in l3 - you've used /32 in first slides and switched to /16 starting from slide with containers.
re-addressing to make larger subnets is part of any l3 plan ;)
what should be done to stop police from killing unarmed citizens? we want to hear from you!
from an independent prosecutor to divesting from law enforcement, several reforms need to enacted. organize &amp; mobilize!
love how microsoft's messaging is now focused on 'true 4k' when it was downplaying the importance of resolution not that long ago
weren't u little hookers doing sony's dirty work about power and resolution years back? dont get angry when microsoft do the same!
they have no idea what they are talking about, nat protected james at all costs even throwing herself utb at times for example
yes she did
this friday and are rolling through to the bazaar, its gonna be lit!! tix:...
hey our keyboardist uses your rides lots.... good lookin out
why aren't i more famous
i am always asking myself, how can i be less famous
now that looks delicious! did you have a favorite from the selection?
i'm a big fan of the ika
just heard on npr with some details of trump's foundation nonsense (like the mar-a-lago flagpole). gop really screwed up.
oh he has this one sewn up. great work mr. fahrenthold!!
. i had 47 yrs invested in atwt and i'm still devastated!! idk what i'll do if it happens to gh but it def had that feel!!
27 years for me. cbs should bring it back! but i know they won't.
i have a good song proposition for you
oh yeah? what you got?!
globalists registering 8 million 'global citizens' to vote hillary
some should tell soros that these 8 mil "globals" have no electoral votes- jokes on him!
there is no hope
then our twitter and ig gonna blow up with greys season 13 talk and memes and we'll be like
i would snap the game in half
deadass would snap my xbox
usually seconds max, but we have a delay currently: we're working on it!
by the way, i might suggest you put crashlytics status incidents in a banner at the top of the crashlytics page!
if you are in your "notifications" feed it may be a tweet from him above - &amp; evidently he's blocked you
-that sounds great to me!
chapter 1: i thought the short line would be quicker
stop following me... can you swipe my card for the gas points?
...basically. i have to sleep with lavender sachets otherwise the smell is too much. but it's fading fast. so comfortable.
what does it smell like? actual fart? like, what did they feed the mattress before shipping it to you to make it reek like that?
i only get to nap once a week lmao! i wish i could nap every day all day... actually i just wish i didn't have to do shit
i love doing shit! i just have too much shit to handle so i cant do the shit i wanna shit
unfortunately, yes. can't have actual conversation when one side is at -100 and the other at 100.
something i certainly agree with in most instances. i don't like political dogmatism, but people are dying.
its right im a kind of crazy
you're my kind of crazy :)
free idea for : the clock app should have a bedstand mode in landscape, just like on the watch. see also handwriting mode in messages.
hm, how would you dock it landscape tho...
11-12ft ws just hit the seal decoy behind the &amp; bugged out.
guess those "seals" are scary looking!
for those of you who check out designated survivor tonight i hope you enjoy it as much as we did making it.
i can't wait any longer!!
usually they want to leave to set up something *more* socialist
look, next you're going to say that the whole republic of texas thing is an issue. are you just being too polite to say no?
! rt + tag a friend and you could this juniper rattan handbag for !
check out this gorgeous bag ! love it!
read my latest article - "the secret behind 's success"
we'd love if you could join us for our twitter chat thursday at 1 pm! can we count on you to be there...
at the start of the talk, ask the last person in the room if they're able to see your code. font size matters.
i agree, but what if they say no?
smart move by nascar that should remove the incessant post race inspection talk unless someone goes overboard and is rightfully penalized
can you invite on your show tomorrow? he's been preaching this for a while!!
what should be done to stop police from killing unarmed citizens? we want to hear from you!
offer several antidotes to this sickness in his writings.
i concur. and he actually is a very talented artist too. plus...free tats
naked smell-good tattoo fun does sound like the best meet ever
all over vikings, packers, giants, washington, cowboys, louisville, nl wild card, red sox, lakers, yankees. 5 min.
dtors found even more damage to adrian peterson's right knee done for the year.
all non-tautological statements are theoretical (incomplete). deduction, like apriorism, is a special case.
what about her orienting the discussion towards substantive(content) views, not degrees of belief(epiphenomenal) and testing?
not a big deal. the only other driver package i need from the msi support site after a windows 10 clean install is for the pcie card reader.
of course all the hardware also works in ubuntu linux out of the box, too. but i only needed the three windows 10 drivers i just mentioned.
founder rebecca mcdonald sharing our mission with lilly anne designs in australia. thank you for support &amp; commitme...
we'd love if you could join us for our twitter chat thursday at 1 pm! can we count on you to be ther...
welcome tracy. great to have you here!
great to be here! i'm doing double duty with
yep. in fact there's plenty of scholarship debunking "the madrassa myth."
is there? i actually thought this was correct after i'd read the siege of mecca. any links you know of? thanks!
haha you're either deliberately or accidently not hearing my point, idc which. cassel replaced brady, a full 16
i haven't touched cassel, but i'll ask this: that season he had in kc, you're saying brady couldn't have that too?
coach gallagher!! no problem at all, send me some trenton boys! just don't tell hope all is well!
i attended and coached at mercer ccc. my son played at louisberg cc. i believe they played you guys.very talented teams!
george h.w. bush wants anyone elected who will toe the line and cover up the neocon crime-wave of passed 26 years....
george bush 41 is voting 4 hillary how pathetic is that! bushes and clintons r drug dealing buddy's iran contra
"hope your family sees the effects of a bomb over a gun 1st hand" -- comment posted on instagram under a picture of me and my family.
everyone was so offended by when it was actually spot on. evil people!
dudes be complaining that females have so much drama but usually it's over a nigga
i think guys love drama lowkey some fiend for the shit
fresh produce from thearc farm is looking great at the minnesota avenue farmers market!!! ...
we'd love if you could join us for our twitter chat thursday at 1 pm! can we count on you to be there?...
during the paul fight, paul kept trying to put blame on james for why he was nominated and nat kept deflecting trying to take
yep shes the one that got super pissed when she found out paul was coming after james
i told my girlfriend if she ruins it for me. i'm shooting the ones with her lmfao
yea you'll kill her and her family lol , imma just turn phone off and live in my room and watch these last 2 seasons
san jose state, where people still wear their dream schools hoodies on campus.
that's how it was at my school!!
follow my official instagram for latest updates
free the surfer
make this go viral. a boy with down syndrome scores a touchdown as his terminally ill mother watches.
with all the negativity these years.put a tear in my eye. kudos to the teams coaches.class act!there is good in america
thanks for sharing your thoughts! you are truly wise, happy wednesday
thanks great being on the chat with you today. loved your wisdom as well!
wait, you can save match replays now, or...?
your ps4 automatically saves replays from online matches and versus matches. i was surprised it was doing that!
what about her orienting the discussion towards substantive(content) views, not degrees of belief(epiphenomenal) and testing?
which is congruent to what you've been saying, that the issue is that we only have the law of non-contradiction so go toward
yo. im never talking to a dominican man again. you are all wild and i can't stand your creepy ass.
was he a hick dominican or just dominican?
this national monument will protect deep canyons along the continental shelf &amp; a chain of extinct undersea volcanoes
obama doing something good for america? must be a mistake or a typo
of course all the hardware also works in ubuntu linux out of the box, too. but i only needed the three windows 10 drivers i just mentioned.
as opposed to the ten or so packages that are there for windows 8.1 x64 for this model of laptop, most of which are older or resource-heavy.
in sf? gonna need the address for this market
23rd and irving
haha you're either deliberately or accidently not hearing my point, idc which. cassel replaced brady, a full 16
and remember, cassel got hurt in kc, do i assume that happens to brady too? brady's durability = underrated.
ooh do the third one but with an actual photo of slyde that would be so cool /sarcasm
pumas has one of my favorite jerseys in the world.
clinton foundation spent 5.7% on charity; rest went to "salaries" and "other expenses"
5.7% is less than what most privately donate without a "charity foundation." the clintons are sleeze bags.
boxing promoter don king, who has murdered two men, will campaign with donald trump today in ohio.
2 sad peace of sh--ts 2 gether
because lynn marie latham and her ginormous ego stormed in and gutted bill bell's team like cods on the floor of a boat.
oh, ok lol. what s/l's were they known for?
yeah cause i wanna know who is texting all of us
you're the reason i get no hoes
apparently is presenting to the company i work for, today. they don't believe me that i know him.
you and me, seth. we go way back.
remember that creature you found at your neighbors pool
japanese flying beetle, smh.. go back to japan
agree on all but you yougov. they don't seem to push leaners or something.
i have to ask, why do polls do likely votersby mid oct everyone has to be registered right? wouldn't you then poll only registered?
an idea that's a bad idea is beers before therapy
but i will not be stopped
hope someday i will meet you in real life not just on the social media till that day know that i love you and love your songs
i would love that!!
doesn't work like that though
where will their votes get tabulated? will be a close election- winner prob wins e college- please, no hanging chads
it cost me but at the end of the day, i serve my community.
i'm heartbroken over this. thank you for all that you have done, impacted my life in so many ways. i'm gutted.
is this you guys?
hell yea. see you friday
never use for any or your mortgage or loan needs. constant run around. they have my mortgage but not for long.
you're right - i'm awaiting a form to sign that should have sent weeks ago - asleep @ the switch/negligent
we're stirring up a delicious treat. a new product is coming soon. can you guess what it is? tag a friend to help...
does it have something to do with cinnamon?!
apparently i got too much going on in my life besides this mixtape no one cares about so heres final tracklist
how many of these are about cocaine?
all the heat saying james had nothing to do with my decision when he clearly did she wouldnt protect him if she didnt like him
yeah she has no reason to lie people just cant stand the fact they like easch other
my conversation with and about the new autonomous vehicle policy guidance is now live:
is that damon who sounds almost exactly like adam scott??
happy to have connected w/ you. thank you for sharing your thoughts!
thanks enjoyed your insightful comments as well!
for anyone who's been around wall street a while, this is a shocker.
don't see why this would be particularly shocking, given the depredations witnessed on wall st over the past decade.
. you watched it half the time i did, lol. i suppose they never will. .
before that i watched one life to live. my mom got me hooked on it when i was pregnant with my daughter. then she got hooked!
i feel dumb in economics like i really don't understand
i passed with a 100 if you need help, never hesitate to ask!
richard sherman and jerry rice have come around/back peddled recently from their previous comments about police brutality.
broooo thank you for tweeting this. i thought i was tripping cuz he def was one who originally said that we need to police us.
everyone go tell my best friend happy birthday!!! she's 22 today!
thank you
muslim migrant boat captain 'threw six christians to their deaths'
should have 1,000's of rt's
everybody loves cake day
such deliciously sexy shapliness
if one more person asks if i want to go to halloween horror nights i'm gonna lose it. hell no!
hey wanna go to hhn so you can run away on the sidewalk lol
spoilers- playing overtime
hahaha! i love this one!
atlanta is great
it's a much better version of nyc imo
i may be alone on an island here but i'd continue to play jay bruce
hope you have a volleyball to talk to on that island
so pumped for this weekend
is it your bday already ? why was i not invited ?
media conglomerates have turned upcoming debates into profit centers reaping huge return from political titillation
i wouldn't want to see those two ugly faces even if they paid me.
oh, where do you go to access those?
it's located in player data from the main menu. it'll say replay data. it even records singles matches.
why not during the talk?
i'm doing it. what could possibly go wrong? /cc
spewing your lies and conspiracy theories doesn't make you correct. lies are still lies.
you should tell that to
another question. if the das font size went down by ~25% (as in today's/yesterday's streams) would that be ok? it leaves more space to work.
the text video quality on the stream was phenomenal, so you can prob pull it off
how 'relational energy' affects work performance via
great share! very interesting article
the childishness of the left is so ridiculous. join an adult organization - enlist at
has a problem with a meme frog!!!
hey chef. any unique ideas for oyster sauce? with typical midwest grocery store ingredients? lol. thanks in advance!!
add to stove top stuffing! great on burgers. add to deviled eggs!
it's worth noting that the screen and the camera are enough for me. too bad there's a 7 week backlog for the plus.
w1 is in the iphone?
also happy birthday to this cute bean ((i probably talk to you more than my own cousin)) lmao have a gr8 birthday bae
stop i love you so much thanks for being the best!!
is on at the "not living up to our potential" what has kept us from reaching our potential?? he has answers
where have you been my whole life? we need to meet. loving your twitter game
all unpacked and its not long til sunset so time to relax on the lounger outside our room!
were in the same time zone! enjoy your vacation!
wtf on fb it said it was my bad
lol. good shit
i may be alone on an island here but i'd continue to play jay bruce
without a doubt
haiti, foundation, money frm wall st.; despot countries, emails, server, benghazi, only140 char
nothing mentioned was any wrongdoing but trump's scans 2 ordinary people r all real plus foundatn
this is big news! we were appointed as 1 of 8 companies working with on design research over the next 2 years
bravissimo! congratulations.
hey doodle fam! we have a few new families that would like to hear your thoughts on prep school experiences =)...
we would be happy to speak about our experiences with jobi.
clinton outspends trump 5 to 1. yet, trump leads clinton by 5% in both nc &amp; ohio!
dirty money can't overcome the common good of the people! it's a time for change in america ! the people are rising up !
seriously, i make the best grilled cheese.
can i have some looks so yummy to eat it i love grilled cheese
may i suggest deleting the app
seems like a decent time for that
omg kev...it was a magnificent. i was waiting for hank to throw the net...
hank was amazing after the shaky start...he kept them in this game..i know..other ny team
happy 22nd to my super gorgeous bff! thankful i have someone who loves the universe as much as i do. i love you...
yessss, soul sisters! thanks and i love you stac. miss you mucho.
lundqvist didn't come through in the clutch? no way, that's never happened.
down 3-2 and tossing back to back shutout against the caps in 2013 comes to mind!
wonder how much influence current tsy head has with turnbull given he made parkinson head of pm&amp;c
fraser a key abbott appointments, so perhaps not that much? presumably pmo/pmc signed off on all this tho.
i'm gonna have to take them once and for all
theyre fucking huge i was like yall couldnt make these i to two small pills ???
financial advice for young lawyers in debt via
got this one right. paid off loans when i got huge raise during
dumb skank =&gt; now says trump writes checks for charities all the time --well prove it show us the p...
-writes check for charity, even photographs the checks for publicity, but does he ever send them?
it almost is &amp; how can you be invited to something i know nothing about
bae is planning it ? does he have any friends
when i see a model devoted to click bait and hyperbolic tweets, it throws everything in air.
what model and what tweets are you referring to?
worth a ton and a half for your
very special u - thank u!
fabulous lunch at don antonio trattoria w/agents kimberley cameron, &amp;...
brainstorming about the next big thing!
what's a "team north america"?
the ppl who want a build a wall at the guatemalan border
agreed. i still hold out the narrow hope for none of the above but it's likely jess, which is...fine.
i've decided my top choice is a character played by jason ritter. but, sure, jess.
seth's blog: big fish in a little pond
we'd love if you could join us for our twitter chat thursday at 1 pm! can we count on you to be th...
how i get pulled over in my own driveway
i hope you recorded it or called somebody! i may be late but i'm wishing you the best in however the situation plays out
rt : is time even passing? we can't tell anymore. can't come soon enough!
i'm so exited, waiting for these patients to leave so i can run home
the ps4 is more popular with its bigger install base. that's who they obviously cater for
and ppl can point out that hypocrisy, there is no rational for being a hypocrite tbh
it's been one year since i met and i'm very lucky that i did. happy online anniversary my little prince
awww happy online anniversary
lol i'm talking about the new tv show haha. but yes atlanta as a city is very lit
lmao i'm behind, i didn't even know there was a show called atlanta
we missed you jared! hope you're well. hh.
thank you very much! i really appreciate it bhoys and girls, should be better &amp; home by the weekend hh 2nd to none!!!
a friend just posted this quote: "in this country, we get unpaid leave for creating life and paid leave for ending one."
in nj you get paid leave when you have a kid. up to 10 wks i believe. my coworker just got back from said leave
trump will propose nationwide stop-and-frisk to address violence in black community 2nite on hannity:
from profiling advocacy to stop and frisk. trump is insane.
probably the ugliest photo you have in your library, thanks
hahahah by far my fav pic
join us on 09/28 for family make night. we will be making zip line racers:
we'd love if you could join us for our twitter chat thursday at 1 pm! can we count on you to be there...
so it's all about freedom of speech unless someone's speech doesn't sit well with you?
yup, remind me to tell you about an american legion post in trouble for making its members pledge to vote for trump or else
vernon who????
their mascot is the vikings
breaking: books are great! you should probably read more of them.
bookstores are cozy.
i like that skittles' slogan is "taste the rainbow" and that the candies immigrated to the usa from britain
we'd love if you could join us for our twitter chat thursday at 1 pm! can we count on you to be there?...
but its get better i woke up with her phone in my bed but not her
come record lmao i need to hear this
2). gaga also did this a few years into her career while madonna released "like a prayer"
all my to madonna, but "like a prayer" is definitely about sex not the best example
did platte open iphone of santa barbara terrorist murderers?
frankly your investigative prowess led me to ask you this question.as fbi won't say who did open the phone &amp; what they paid
das is in 4k now, so there are definitely enough pixels. i mostly worry that it wouldn't be readable on e.g. an ipad mini.
i just mean that the encoder isn't wrecking your stream, at least in source mode - i've had to fuck with that a lot
be a shame if they didn't win it
it was parlamee and fucking kozma ripping down there lmaoo. bring clint up for the next two weeks. fuck it lol
(refresh/revisit for new vibes each time)
lawwwd that shot of sitting unapologetically in her pink coat is just...
the ps4 is more popular with its bigger install base. that's who they obviously cater for
they are catering to it and they are hurting their own bottomline as ytube/fb hit bottomline
this makes me think of my fav louise hay!
yes and if you add affirmations it would really be like her:-)
thanks for the feedback max, do you mean within the crashlytics dashboard itself?
yeah, i was trying to test a crash using crash() and kept refreshing the page because i didn't know about the incident.
donate box of cereal= meet me at 991 fulton st, bk from 6-7:30pm for booker's breakfast assist! see you tonight.
i hope your event goes well
's secretary of treasury promotes investment.
we'd love if you could join us for our twitter chat thursday at 1 pm! can we count on you to be ther...
and the lord said to horrorist twitter recommend unto me thy chosen podcasts
russ roberts econtalk?
anthony weiner is so disgusting. i hope he's charged. no mercy for child predators:
huma's negative reaction is only because of the political "optics." sex with children is promoted inside islam.
that is a very nice jersey
the team logo is bigger than the sponsor, which i like.
das is in 4k now, so there are definitely enough pixels. i mostly worry that it wouldn't be readable on e.g. an ipad mini.
so many streamers have unreadable text in their editor, it's rull bad
yeah, i was trying to test a crash using crash() and kept refreshing the page because i didn't know about the incident.
or didn't realize that i was doing something wrong
downside to my new pointy nails : i just ripped a hole in my leggings
downside or forced high fashion? hmmm
i agree, but what if they say no?
i love the osx accessibility feature allows zoom to the mouse pointer control plus two fingers
it hurts me to see dogs in hot cars... in the one i just saw, the windows weren't even down
you're allowed to break the windows! it's a law!!!!
cannot wait to be back in new york
i can't wait for you to be back in new york
man, it was amazing meeting you again, we had a lot fun! i'm back in , sadly. see you soon!!!
thanks pal, the pleasure was mutual!
the cost is too high, when what's put into one bodies impact society. i'm for rehab &amp; education.
as far as guns, i think the buyback program should be expanded. not stop and frisk...
does anyone want to go to mexico city with me?
no lie i met someone today whose home in mexico was feat.on architectural digest &amp; he invited me to stay w/ friends
ya'll wwe tag team partners type shit
facts! you fuck w one of us, u getting both of us.. peathe
definitely unimpressed with i'm never going to close on time because they waited until the last minute to request info
yes - i'm not even a party to the deal (only a co-hoa neighbor) and am awaiting a last min doc to sign that they missed
edelman in red
jamie collins in blue weak decision soup even weaker by choosing red. goat#
if a video of an unarmed person getting massacred by a cop doesn't change hearts/minds, your logical tweets cannot. save your blood pressure
the nation/world watched the rodney king beat down on t.v. nightly; and they all walked. live murder-more cop lies/excuses
yeah, i was trying to test a crash using crash() and kept refreshing the page because i didn't know about the incident.
and i thought i was doing something wrong, then i got an email way later
friends! please join me on friday, 9/23 at 11 for a twitter conversation on the state housing crisis.
this sounds like it might be fun.
if you're a baratheon, you point out that they misspelled "whisper."
ain't got now time for spellcheck when you're out here killing everybody!
buffalo or st louis?
oh i misunderstood i thought oakland paramount when i saw you when we flew from chicago
you are the best. thank you so much for sharing my sardinia show!
my pleasure! i loved watching it.
slipping on beer . landing on my knees &amp; spilling beer all over their phones. great start to my shift
:((( wish i were there
yes &amp; yes the "events" are happening saturday
if i wasn't seeing rihanna i'd fly out
i like that strap!
ebay sells all sorts of things :p
i just mean that the encoder isn't wrecking your stream, at least in source mode - i've had to fuck with that a lot
so many streamers have unreadably blurred text in their editor, it's rull bad
happy birthday!!! you are seriously the greatest friend and i miss you lots, i hope you enjoy your bday because you deserve it!
ily christina! i miss you so much and please come visit me in sf so i can show you my beautiful city even more!
coming up in 6 mins: the near full release of the new nbc/wsj poll. our first cut at a likely voter electorate as well
. in new poll hillary shits on trump examines the shit and explains why her intestinal tract sucks.
if you're a gamer ms has the goods imo. gamers will try it. fanboys never will. it is what it is.
it is what it is and continually will be called out and ytube will grow xbox ytube will grow and dig into their bottomline
question: when log messages contain "&lt;private&gt;" rather than meaningful references, will a 95kg anvil be sufficient for crushing my computer?
well, it's a nuanced subject, but i feel pretty confident the answer is &lt;censored&gt;
"just like in my bed, there's room for everybody"
be right there
what the hell is this
what theeeee...
republicans just found a new way to harass scientists
-harassing scientists, that is certain to make "america great again" (not).
since attempted to raise awareness about police reform in america, police have killed 67 people. in 22 days.
we're reeling. so much disappointment deception and death. innocent ppl crying out for justice.
any recommendations on places to see/eat at?
if wanna see ny -- history, shopping, and experience -- walk broadway, from south st to the park.
i want to read it before i se it omg
it's amazing! i highly recommend it. and the movie doesn't come out for another 2 weeks so you have time lol.
0 chance... as an seo, shady is a nice way to say it ;) most people have much worse opinions
you can't blame me for trying however i completely disagree. $goog rules the world in pretty much everything.
that's a wrap: in prospect park
. looking like a homeless man you guys just found in the park
he's told people to ignore it.
... then ignore it? i pay l attention to polls plus.
yes! i have had grade 9 students find their passion that started with a video conference w/
when they can make a real difference they are inspired!! du
they package them in shrinkwrap basically-- so they can be delivered to your house. allthegassing once it's opened.
you should just fart on it a bunch. fight stank with stank. i mean, everybody loves their own brand, right?
need less institutes and more funding to people who already work on problems.
that's exactly what this is. funding for people and bringing them together.
you may well be right, marshall. but a lot of wall st old timers will be surprised.
or possibly thinking, "there but for the grace of god, go i"
how many cups though glenny?
not really a cup guy when it comes to hockey
threat of untreatable gonorrhea is increasing, new data show
cc and 's mothers
or just ask ;)
ask me what? i can't see the original tweet for some reason
prolly top 5 dumbest tweets on the internet
when they act like and fall intentionally , that's a bitch move on the part of the men.
i apologize for the obscene amount of tra$h selfies today
that made no sense
don't kid yourself fam it's always spooky time
this is halloween this is halloween *chants the spoop music into the distance while running in the night *
if u watch both videos, you'll see that the talking points were exactly the same. wake up. she's a neocon/likud.
the speech just so you know &gt;
love how i come to mind thnk u
now shes all hot n bothered
turkish airlines fucking rules!
this is insane
eugenics is a fucked up idea and i don't need to say why ? you are advocating stripping basic human rights &amp; will
you're advocating the state to choose who gets to live and not. how can i trust the state and what's the metrics
your hr people aren't retaliating against people who call ethics hotline or otherwise complain about practices if not coming from upper mgmt
my thought exactly. this investigation is going to be interesting to watch.
yeeeerrrrrrrr gather the troops! cc:
you know damn well we both work saturday lol ugh why are you like this lol
thank you can't wait to get my on your
was a pleasure to be in your home!!! you are adorable start to work on your dress!!!!
totally dissatisfied with . highly recommend avoiding pnc mortgage svc..
yes seems inept
when will i get a good microphone and do the drunk anime podcast?
that sounds fun
our good buddy is hangin' out in the studio with ! what do you think of "our town"?...
listened on the way home tyler is a funny dude! luv the new song bud...
nulljosh the canadian legend
the maple leaf with the most
when they announced this i was like "yuck fake bokeh"... but this looks okay.
the only downside is that the portrait mode uses the higher aperture lens so it's not great in low light
trump will propose nationwide stop-and-frisk to address violence in black community 2nite on hannity:
if he's elected - you'll see tanks rolling in the black neighborhoods soon after....
in 's new american future: - jobs pour in - immigration system reflects our values - tax code is simplified - gov't works
i can't wait! have been unemployed all through o admin. may i finally find a job in 2017!
mark it: if trump loses narrowly in 2016, he's running again in 2020.
god help us!
you are big-time skilled, my friend. great taste! are you ever in harlem to try some of our afro-caribbean food?
most definitely i stay in harlem 132nd will do
brady missed a full season, i have no fucking idea what point you are trying to make.
well, part of what derailed cassel in kc is that he got hurt, and even again in min. if i can't assume that for
i'm fact, long term funding of basic research is what's needed for cures, not this.
again, that's what this is meant to be. basic research. for several decades.
congrats !!
thanks girl. you're such a star and appreciate your support : )
..........i'm not laughing and trump is not a comedian nor on comedy central.trump continues to tarnish america!
you have to laugh to keep from crying
... then ignore it? i pay l attention to polls plus.
i don't understand this criticism at all... now cast is advertised as if election is today
new --&gt; the gang is getting back together: the cast of the west wing will campaign for in stops acr...
20 hours in america redux!
you're advocating the state to choose who gets to live and not. how can i trust the state and what's the metrics
you know who else wanted to do that the nazis
yes ma'am unless i get another one between now and then.
worth waiting for !!!
me: why doesn't anyone ever text me lol!!! me:
thr fucking icon im cryingggggggggggjej
ahh, yeah. fortunately, 3.5mbit is plenty for a text console. i'm also going to try animation mode next time to get even better.
i also was turning down frame rate so i could up the quality, dropping to 20fps or so still was fine
it's not a different topic, it's the topic i'm talking about. treating the daily show as if it is politics.
this sort of gets back to my original point about a strawman. there are lots "liberals" for example who are
great to be in today! brightest spot on the planet from . but here's a cool view during the day!
brighter than honk kong?
i've made many mistakes im ok w. but 1 mistake i made was underestimating the severity of trauma/issues of a black man in america.
i think men universally have a difference experience than women. they get support for their justified weakness.
grandma can catch these hands too
the whole family tree
praying for the family of the u2 pilot who crashed, passed away yesterday. great guy..
my prayers are with his family.
should i mix it in or just douse the burger?
either works. the sugars make for a nice sear when mixed in tho.
no i love her stop &amp; i actually like her family even her brothers are cool lmao . i usually something to complain about but
1st time shocker put a ring on it brody
not real friends tbh
this must be how drake simpin ass feel
i think it helps that there logo is just text, makes it much more flexible as far as the uniform design goes
an image, but i see what you mean.
false adverstisement, i sold one and only have one left now still need it?
damn well how much for the 1?
i don't understand this criticism at all... now cast is advertised as if election is today
it seems like it does a good job of estimating probability if election is today.
yeah, twitter needs to get on that.
pinche sucia.
to the former, technically yes. to the latter, it's called gin and it's awesome.
do they let you have gin in the delivery room y/n?
this massage intake questionnaire=stress i chose abundance but am starting to wonder (maybe mental clarity???)
abundance seems like a trap
this is happening..
i can hear the printer sound in my head o.o
kinda wish i had went with the tofu veggie stir fry but couscous was in the lead at the time :-/
damnnn well at least u know what yr having for dinner tomorrow :-)
i just sneezed and he said "bless you bro" is "bro" the only word in your vocabulary ???
he cares about your health :(
at this point i take it personally that anthony weiner never propositioned me online what, am i not pretty enough? is that it anthony
he propositioned me and i am a 52 year old mini-van dad
tell that lucky bitch i said happpy muhfuckin uhhhhhh birthday
got you boo lmao she'll see this
i probably should not be getting this emotional over taking my hammock down
maybe it's the music?
fox news host sean hannity stumps for trump
he makes it perfectly clear that he is republican unlike your host who make believe there neutral when there clearly in tank 4 hrc
y'all, i'm very good at tests but i get super stressed out when studying for them i'm a hot mess
update: i got an a on my map &amp; capital's test of n. africa, middle east &amp; central asia
. told the truth about and via
fjuan the only racist is you who loves hillary clinton senator byrd
it seems like it does a good job of estimating probability if election is today.
that's useful information to have even if it's not predictive of election day... right?
leftover beyonc lmao i feel you she has like a dusty quality to her
lmfaooo like a monkey beyonce. look at that eye shadow in that flic
i'd suggest having the ticket reissued as a 1-way. *ec
it ends up costing me $450 to do that :( i'm trapped!
had the best time talking to about life, work and why brilliant women always seem to intimidate small-minded men.
tell me this was for the podcast?!
are u serious bc i can make it happen
can we tag those vegans nd selfie with it? its only right
you guys have an awesome product! cheers!
thank you very much we are very proud of our dark n'stormy rum cakes cheers!
i fuck wit the beatles. never listened to radiohead tho
boss ur life
us when loves to snap behind the wheel
lmao well i always gotta drive and i miss out on some quality snap opportunities
hi tristan! just wanted to share our new article that discusses the methodology:
i am not totally crazy about you are implying that lean is firstly about low cost
congrats to &amp; hannah on their 10yr anniversary. 1st day of honeymoon was a game! i like the team...
thanks, ! you're a class act. go !
did you have to walk uphill both ways in ten feet of snow to get to the games? :)
at kezar i wore plastic to avoid seagull poop. you remember kezar? if course you dont. subway beats now.
my mom tried adding adding a light brown night table to my room and i immediately threw it out.....no one is messing with my all white room
i heard your room is gray
its like they will get some sort of satisfaction hoping james or nat hurt in some way, whatever they will be i hope its happy
i think james and nat will be fine just dont get why people attck their relationship
will do man really appreciate the input! always a big help
any time. stuff like this is the most validating work i do. and it's not really even work.
is this account official?
it's funded by david brock
.'s is dedicated to making insurance more consumer-friendly for every patient
thanks for the article profiling me and my work . happy to share my story and how will help
brady missed a full season, i have no fucking idea what point you are trying to make.
brady, how do i know he doesn't last in kc or min? or do i assume the one year then suck cause of conveinence?
. eh, shit follow anyways. not sure if you heard, but he sources reddit trolls for stories/slanders nycfc fans.
then refuses to apologize for that slander when lie is exposed
or just ask ;)
is this what you're looking for?
any idea when rome will finally be available? we have been very patient so far... but come on!! cheers
after we're finished mixing us shows.
id legit only go to disneyland for the churro
&amp; wishing you were legit at disneyland
can i hire one of you to be really tough on me and check in on me daily and force me to get in shape
like bully me into being healthy
that's good. nj is one of 4 states who have maternity leave though so.....
it's probably something that over time will continue to be approved in more states over the next 10 yrs or so
hey, someone, let's go get beeps burgers before we head to oakland tonight
nvm ash called and said we're gonna eat!!
so i have a ticket for tomorrow (friend got it) but i really cant go and now im so tempted to just go but i cant and ok thats all bye
time out...turns out i'm going. therefore - you're going :)
barcelona announce that lionel messi is expected to miss three weeks with a strain in his right leg.
maybe if he payed his taxes this wouldn't of happened
vanessa slayer steve.
cruel, cruel summer
the service sucks though
it doesn't suck in glendale tho
gomes didn't cause this .. mascherano did this
i am talking about enrique not the players
my beautiful lil ladies had fun at the philadelphia zoo today
they are so cute!!!! growing up way too quickly!
trans-pecos cdj sessions in effect -- inclusive space for women, lgbtq+, + young djs to learn and practice dj skill...
is there a schedule for this somewhere ?
not sure who that is, but damon is the one doing hosting duty.
actor, known for parks and rec mostly. good in hbo's party down as well and some smaller films
our apologies for any inconvenience. please follow and dm your record locator so we can look into this further.
thank you for getting back to us promptly! happy to report we are being rerouted to the space station &amp; from sp to sfo!
"how to get around in boston" really tho: bang a u ee
same in upstate ny.
negotiations between ggg and jacobs are already at advanced stages. well done jacobs, really wants this fight.
fingers are still crossed.
you mean the charity that they only donated 10% to charity?
. you are spreading a lie.
i just locked myself out of my apartment
i tried to get my cat to open the door but i think he knows he has all the power here
so sad for everyone impacted, writers &amp; readers, by the loss of such an important voice for the lesbian community....
this article says that is not being shut down.
things like this are more helpful than recipes. learning how to build/layer flavors, make your own combinations:
start w learning what makes good flavor combinations. learn basic techniques (sauteing, roasting, etc.) boom. you can cook.
yeah he said it was jaw dropping rt : roger ebert loved it! thats like a lotta cred right?
you saying that's not good?
we gotta go to victoria secret &amp; get you some!
ugh seriously!?
. learned value this approach when my dad was at ucla for cardiac genetic issue;global collab btwn docs gave us extra precious 18mo
that's great to hear how your dad benefitted. we had to decipher conflicting advice on our own btwn 3 hospitals which is not ideal
got in a substantial amount of proposing this weekend.
sorry you have to hear this via twitter. best wishes to h as she begins the search again for a trophy husband. rest easy, t.
back to 'murica i go. way too early.
feel free to swing by nyc whenever
okay this is a dead serious question... does anyone know what kind of dog kylie jenner has? because i need herrrrr!
it's a dapple colored dachshund! i have two and they're the sweetest
there are some updates i've sent over via your contact form; we have a new plugin at for wordpress!
would love to update some of this content on your posting to reflect our new plugin/installation.
happy bday!!! your tweets are always on point btw lol
aw thanks girl!!!:-)
my latest post at - about lying liars
thoughts on not being invited by the
same here. more of a regular season wins guy.
only sport i really care about chips in is basketball and football qb's. aside from that, fuck em
allo assistant wants me to enable my web history and location history. nope... not going there...
you don't want them to find your search for "should i vote for trump?"
it has been like this since rise went live. the issue is at bungie's end and is expected to be fixed soon.
phew. i thought the cryptarch finally had enough of my shit. thanks for all your hard work man.
knicks 82-0 now?
that tweet is from the knicks 12-13 season when they actually made the playoffs
oh boy double prizes
lmfao!!! how does that even work
they definitely move the needle!
for sure, love their style :)
i'm honestly done wasting time on this conversation. i've made my points, you ignore them, that's that.
what part of "cassel got hurt in kc, do i assume that for brady?" is not understood? ok, i have one more question
okay. i had someone factcheck us. turns out we're wrong. trump donations went to 501(c)3's associated w/ 501(c)4's. legal.
that has a non-profit &amp; what they did w/ trump's $100k is for additional scrutiny, but donation was legal.
she doesn't do it for free.
"high speaking fees" from a typical brainwashed liberal drone the professes to hate american capitalism.
it's not. it's deliberately disingenuous.
no it's not. it's exactly what it claims to be.
thanks so much, lexi!!
np hope you have a great birthday!!! :)
he is a vulgar ego filled guy who has shown no respect for any one including production
she might of missed some of the feeds dont think chatty nat support people like that
of this is true this is crazy and the media is silent!
one of the most powerful reports ever huge
after the first camp earlier this summer, based on the feedback we...
nice. hope you are doing well.
i feel for you. i have had the worst day in months.
what happened today? (email me.) sending
when will the virginia beach show be released?
already mixed, awaiting approval
i've never been so excited for a birthday. ever. but this year i'm planning a trip to disney and my whole family is coming with me
including my grandparents and they've never been to disney before
waiting to see at yale with !
with liberal orthodoxy being what it is young conservatives are the 21st centuries punk rockers
how ironic: uses an image of skittles bashing refugees, which was taken by a former refugee...
here's how and other brands turned criticism back on the critics: (by )
you mean the charity that they only donated 10% to charity?
88% of donations to clinton foundation go to charitable purpose.
flashback to the best meme, because we all want 8-inch
8" lightning, check!
listen, i don't know why catwoman is wearing a skirt. i don't have all the answers. it's just an homage to her ro...
offer is still on the table...custol deckbox for alter trailer park liliana of the veil's. make her the bud light queen!!
i can really identify with this lady drinking a corona on a bench outside the mall
bench/beach. it's just a vowel away, baby.
come record lmao i need to hear this
tonight?? i'm meeting this chick to give her the phone back
humans are baised by default and you know that but again someone who is advocating for eugenics will ignore that
this will only let a certain class of people to reproduce and that will eliminate any chances of growth or change
are we really better off paying cash ransoms to ? there's a for america to lead in the world.
yes the better way is stop spending the tax payers hard earned dollars on other countrys that don't like us stop now
no mercy... why has it not be remastered?
because wwe hates making fans happy?
why does cam write in blair witch font
this must take hours
i do not feel good so i will just watch. maybe or would battle?
i doubt that
i assume he wouldn't he hosting:-)
i would hope not.
i really want the jet black 7 but it's on back order til november, i'm thirst if i settle for the matte black?
matt black is real nice too
tonight! the museum celebrates 80 years. party in the garden 6:30 to 9:30pm. the tredwells request the pleasure of...
on the way!
8 days until i fly out to omg!! i can't wait to meet all of you
you forgot you already met me!
i would love to see what the students are sharing on those padlets. sounds exciting!
i think u might've been invited to the original one...i think built it
update: i got an a on my map &amp; capital's test of n. africa, middle east &amp; central asia
in yo face ^^
i'm honestly done wasting time on this conversation. i've made my points, you ignore them, that's that.
and i'm done. so using your logic that cassel would have same success, he makes super bowl in 2011 and wins 2014?
your jealousy is getting out of hand
now look who's being rude
omg what was said tell me the testimonials
we were discussing fieldston and how they don't change anything and pride themselves on actually doing work
so, wants to make nycs stop-and-frisk national? some things you should know...(2)
when will aa's ever be safe! trump and his minions fear us and if elected jim crow in some form will return.
you've read the tpp documentation in its entirety?
no just a good chunk 40%-50%. have you? you know trump or most of his followers have not. i take obama's word over anyones.
fuck it, ill do my own. lol
lady laura knocking it outta the galaxy !
love tell tale heart omg!! started me on my king fixation
meant its his birthday today
my insurance went up way more than 20% under obamacare. expect the same under hillary.
only if you're in a red state my premium for silver level policy has gone up 30% total in 5 years you get what you vote 4
it still amazes me that they let ur dumbass in one of those let alone drive them
i feel the same way about you when it comes to college
happy birthdayyyy love
thanks much love
i tripped and fell on the stairs inside the humanities building i'm screaming
update: i'm ok. thankfully no one saw my fall.
so how is this different from burning man?
it's mad max / fallout themed. less art more grime. less drugs and more commercial i think.
i have the whole day off in san francisco tomorrow. what should i do?
i'll hang out with you.
as leporacy blighted, us '00'04'12'13'15 stillness byglobally important climate qi-gong(monticello for meeho)06420 strike.
examine my page to read how the u.s. violates the geneva convention in the case of a permanently disabled minuteman descendant eho.
doesn't work like that though
please elaborate. how does it work?
so very excited to congratulate friend on her fabulous new job - global communications director :-)
rowing &amp; sustainability - must be cool :)
it's mad max / fallout themed. less art more grime. less drugs and more commercial i think.
it seems to have some similarities though.
happy birthday babyloveeeee
thank you cuzzo!
voxer is 1 i just cannot get myself into. i'm in the connected partnership group but it is not on my radar
it can get overwhelming, but it's an incredible resource
i know that feeling....damn amazon !!!
lol well it has good reviews so it must be the best umbrella 2016
just cause 3! rico is my new video game daddy.
is he a real dad. i need to know for my collection.
mmm and i love your avi
thanks so much
it's not. it's deliberately disingenuous.
that's like saying fangraphs putting avg and era on their website is deliberately disingenuous
one nation under ? check out the first website to expose this disturbing relationship ...
how much is soros paying you?
thanks for the link. besides having nothing to say i was also too lazy to search by myself. maybe it's because i'm french?
hah. according to american stereotypes, yes!
happy birthday catena!i hope you had the best day ever! i miss you so much i can't wait to see you!love you
happy birthday!!
unbelievable, nyc police commissioner miller made terrorism way of life!
mentally retarded hillary/her nefarious supporters are evils of america!
blessed birthday sir honorable, hope you live to see many more years on the
thank you kindly young buck!
omg i had forgotten about this part of high school in san antonio
why is this a thing?!?!
omg what was said tell me the testimonials
and dhari was like an example is roma and how fieldston said they were accessible for all students but that had to change
where is that?
700 4th st, san francisco, ca 94107
i was tagged by a bunch of people! current mood: where are the new pictures of jamie dornan?????
i haven't seen any new pictures today of him.
a light moment between the ceo of zenefits and the immediate past president of cahu.
got the biggest laugh: "i'm lactose intolerant so i won't be drinking anyone else's milkshakes". well done mr sacks!
lol don't nobody care about seein no pictures of me
you have been exposed not
yesterday i named my inner saboteur and now i'm trying to convince myself i didn't just decide to give myself mpd
embrace your inner diva chile
happy birthday . love you plenty plenty, brunch on me soon
love you naadia! thank you
right these options
like why is this important !?
happy birthday yendi! have a wonderful day
thanks much love
omg what was said tell me the testimonials
and fieldston had to get their shit together to actually make it accessible for you
great news the house just passed 's bill to help crackdown on iranian terror financing.
you called a racist. now show just how honorably tough you are &amp; call an iranian terrorism enabler.
lol, jobs eliminated due to obamacare, premiums &amp; deductibles mean no doctor visits or meds. it's bad out there now.
no jobs eliminated. economy has added 8 mil jobs since aca was passed.
please send us a note at and we'll follow up.
just did. this behavior erodes the ecosystem and is against the principle of rewarding courteous driver and customer behavior
is that your pro set up? ^_^
it's an amazon reviewer photo
"what will you say to vladimir putin when he calls to congratulate you for becoming president?" i'm afraid trump would say "thanks!"
no, he might ask his orders from putin.
duhhhhh
he was like "last time i got my haircut taylor said i looked better with it long so i said f you"
thanks i appreciate it
your very welcome
omg my brother might have a copy...of he does ill play it
it's $10 on steam if u dont i will buy it for u
lol don't nobody care about seein no pictures of me
you have been exposed
lmao hate when they do that
lmao word. my instant "nopes" are ewr, spirit airlines and southwest airlines. i rather stay in brooklyn.
trump is taping a town hall to discuss "core issues and concerns surrounding african-americans." moderated by sean hannity. this is madness.
c'mon stop making things up
so you can't provide audited financials specifically of the donations i referenced. got it.
. i linked you to all the audited reports. the burden is on you to prove your claim is supported by evidence in the first place!
mirroring one samsung ssd to another is one of great joys our otherwise dark future has to salve our wounds
fast write speeds are the opium of the masses
our housesit in costa rica is an awesome place to bird watch! ...
awesome! so far we've done housesits in canada and the us, but hope to do some more around the world soon :)
ayyyy tru did they pave the path under the arch yet
yes they did!! it looks gucci
happy survivor day!
oh god how could i have forgot about
it michael bay time!!!
waitamin....not sure what that is but i'm sure i hate it...
pre-tied bow ties are unacceptable for grown men btw
there's a scarface remake in the works btw
i told you not to do it bihhh!! your still adorbs though
miss you boo
how regularly do you attend your classes?
i never missed class except for history of creativity 2 and i only went 3 times
some of these punks might think i'm some asshole meathead jock but ha ha ha joke's on you bc i don't even know all the rules to football
yea, but you know the count out in japan is to 20
whew i was worried cable news wouldn't have anything to talk about for 4 years
well he also has a very good chance of being president of the united states
cuteness. and me on tour with the business intl singing...
i was just listening to that today at the gym.
fuck a real job i wanna be a carnie forever
that's the plan
that would happen to me too
right bro hahaha that turkey would scare me
it was actually you and like two other people favoriting this that made me think of it
don't go through my lines smh mind ya business hater
i dropped out dude they caught on to me
i figured they would
new / poll shows clinton up by 6
what happened? if you listen to idiot she was "down and out". we need journalists - not talking heads
aw good!! maybe i'll visit
you have to or i will die
we don't know who andy is, but this dinner looks amazing. is that a hot dog?
yup and it was delish
since when....?
oops meant dark lollllololol xo
burnt my corndog this morning thought it was gonna be a bad day but my last class is cancelled bc midterms next week
can't tell if that's good or bad ...
beard, covered in unnecessary straps, latino (i think?), guns, and sense of humor. take it to the bank boys this one's a dad.
i mean like. does he have a child.
this week's award for "creepy dude on the internet" goes to this guy...
this is terrifying. not cool at all
should be khabib vs connor.. that fight would be bigger than either of them vs alverez.. my opinion..
no one knows who khabib is. and his language impediments wouldn't help promote it. and he hasn't fought in two years. no belt.
it is the eloquence of trump supporters that most impresses.
lol, i love it. what a great commercial. i've heard the press saying they get the real nasty stuff from , only.
i love the way the late afternoon sunlight plays with shadows on a typical street in san miguel de allende, mexico....
awesome photo!
some days i really want a tattoo and other days i'm terrified of getting one
but we're supposed to get that one so
just told me she's singing our fav sara b song tn at her show and she's dedicating it to me... day=made, love you goodluck
ps so mad i have to miss the show for poly sci class
you should just fart on it a bunch. fight stank with stank. i mean, everybody loves their own brand, right?
also, i'm totally going to call my farts "off-gasses" from now on. thanks for that.
beard, covered in unnecessary straps, latino (i think?), guns, and sense of humor. take it to the bank boys this one's a dad.
"take it to the bank boys this one's a dad"
i don't want to set a bad example for my son
you have chosen wisely
you wanna grab a drink around there?
yep, maybe philz coffee
didn't dream about that ):
at least you are in hawaii
us senate greenlights $1.15 bln arms sale to saudi arabia
just what they need to kill more poor and hungry yemenites
no mercy... why has it not be remastered?
question....why oh why can't the dlc be in the actual game?!?!
my question for hillary clinton: i'm hispanic and i'm voting for trump. am i deplorable? via
no, just dumb. wait until trump's brownshirts stop you at gunpoint demanding to see "your papers".
hope you made a video for it !
of course m8 , editing now
mums? like moms? i'm not sure i've heard of this kind of teen courtship ever.
the flower i think
don't know what this even means but a lot of ppl are screaming about it..lol
it's really good news! she knows history, cares about the show, is excellent at story crafting.
his statement wasn't hypocritical it was just ridiculous.
same thing but i highly hypocritical
so you can't provide audited financials specifically of the donations i referenced. got it.
you don't get to make a bullshit claim and then insist that others do the research to prove you wrong. jerk move!
"twitter-based essays" is a nice way of saying "gets red and mad and nude online and posts 60 times an hour"
she does justice to socioeconomics by denying they exist
i'm about to listen to it
omg ily
"i don't call it "good news" anymore if a sermon doesn't include a sharp turn toward justice." ~jim kast-keat
these are the things you learn after a few years of having as your preaching mentor!
dude i'm trying. just need some $$$ and a visa so i'm thinking i'mma marry a rich american and kill two birds with one stone
i think there are websites for that!!!!
i tried to get my cat to open the door but i think he knows he has all the power here
i bet he's just dancing on the kitchen counters
he is just
he's so freaking cute
tracy &amp; karishma r part of the voxer chat too. goes through lulls but is a great place!
helps with the weekly questions
players: who do you all have as your pokbuddies &amp; how many km of walking does it take to earn candy for it? i'm curious!
i have a geodude. we get one candy per kilometer.
it's "talk like a pirate" day. updated my profile to my pirate photo.
i always knew there was something suspicious about u matey!
doing 300 push ups before i clock out
get that weight up
you can figure it out man
so far he's got no water, been driven around in a trailer for 2 hours and walked for one
this is perfect
actually, there might not be any words for how imperfect it is
the right type of sexuality is kryptonite.
... meaning the healthy type that was the prototype for sacred women and healers alike.
is it this guy
without the cape though, my man went mostly nude
cnn is now openly faking quotes and attributing them to trump to make him look bad. let that sink in....
racial profiling was invented by lawyers to get criminals off the hook!
i agree with you both . afraid with that team &amp; his age his time to win may have passed.
he has slimmed down to 185 lbs..making it easier on his body..he works hard for his team to succeed
i finally met at google today, which makes exceptionally jealous. great guy who knows real...
so great to see you in the flesh ! i loved henry, doggie barf and all. digital relationships are real!!!
haha what a a loser. when they told me he was a "rapper" i laughed b/c he looked pathetic to me..
not only that but look how he beat his gf ! smh!!!
this is an official cry for rescue from the waves of pioneer freshmen that have invaded my starbucks. please send help.
stay strong, sweetie! you were a starbuck's-loving freshman once, too!
hey . be proud of yourself no matter what happens tonight. you are so genuine and i love that about you !
nothing fake about that man hes got a heart of gold never stoops to anyone elses level of hate
kay was bill's chief protege. she was there from 1974-2006. sally helped create the abbotts and wrote a lot for lauren.
oooooo, like lauren when she was bitchtastic &amp; making snide remarks about tracy?? i'm here for that type of storytelling
just booked my first official, full on adventure, itinerary and everything press trip! can't wait!
awesome! hope you have a great time :)
omg he has it on his 360!!!
yes god boot it up
hey, have you evolved into the use of a gimbal to stabilize gopro footage? have any suggestions on manufacturers?
mannnnn, i would love one. expensive though. gopro just came out with one. i see alot of people w the feiyu one too!
inherited shifts over time, may have functional effects in and other tissues...
(cont) dynamic parent- and cell-type-specific dna methylation changes in the adult brain
if europe beats canada later just gonna assume next world cup will use a risk board to pick the squads. i'll put $10 on team kamchatka
well i went against everybody's better judgement and picked europe to win it all so i'd be thrilled.
obstruction? you are clueless! speaker boehner bent over backwards approving everything obama had a tantrum over.
bull shit. it appears that you are the clueless one. have a nice life!
it's the one that some chocolate snobs insist has no place in chocolate.
what grows together goes together; )
corey talking about their first date describing it? how adorable is that? &lt;3 :)
i know he also mentioned a baseball date
summer may be over, but is on its way. join the crew for the annual !...
hey look i'm on this lineup!!!!
.: our goal is to admit 85,000 refugees in 2016
stop it now if anymore american lives are lost after they are let in those responsible should be accountable
it surprises me that so many progressives actually believe that 75-year old bernie sanders would be doing better than hillary against trump.
- it was a dream at best !!!
a thing i learned is that the terrifying part is what oppression is made of and i should unlearn it
that doesn't mean i never feel it anymore. it means i know the people who make me feel scared are wrong and it's okay to do it
a year ago today and i think it sums up our whole relationship.
wow before the old @
every so often in the group text someone asks if it's a bad idea to rewatch blue valentine
ive never watched it.
. we already battled. this past weekend, in fantasy. he got jacked up.
*turns head, cracks smile* is this a rematch?
congratulations
thank you!!!
oh i know she's scary
first of all kylie that's the wrong sign bruh smh gang
three kiosks in downtown brooklyn all say "rentals unavailable at this kiosk" despite having bikes?
system is rebooting, we're currently experiencing connectivity issues at a number of stations. hoping to resolve shortly.
tom hanks used to be a curly haired man. is there a rule that older actors need straight hair or something?
sadly, curls often fade
was kaepernick actually a big deal i thought that was just a normie meme
i'd love to be that oblivious to whats happening in the world
any estimate on when service will be restored?
system is rebooting, we're currently experiencing connectivity issues at a number of stations. hoping to resolve shortly.
i'd be curious as to the answer, because i didn't get the feeling that was really much of a thing there.
read the thread for answer
"your mountain is waiting, so get on your way" dr. seuss ...beautiful morocco
great photo!
wow! 1.5 million people in puerto rico are without any power - i'm in san juan and it's hot!
keep hydrated &amp; stay safe!
first period in the books. no score. good pace. pretty physical. controlled early. flyers were the better team in the last 7 minutes.
warming up for the season
it's the one that some chocolate snobs insist has no place in chocolate.
vanilla can obscure nuances of fine chocolate, but used judiciously is also a delicious addition
incidentally, what's your fav dl library. i am with tf (mostly), but just wondering
i've been using torch, to which i picked a python framework. theano &amp; i'm literally about to make a 180 turn to tf.
you know what's delicious? safety.
there is a chipotle on my way home so i guess i'm going to get a burrito to go and see if they're as safe as they claim
watching frantically try to find his phone...as he's watching a video on it....
.....sounds like looking for eyeglasses while you're wearing them!
varsity witch casual
obsessed w this look
that reminds me, nicki's best album was post-safaree. as was her crazy run of features in 2014 (!) and 2015. so there's that.
omg i just had this nicki/remy convo yesterday and said the same thing.
i just supported my first campaign - blubblub: quest of the blob from . only 26 hours to go!
wow! we're honored! :) thank you for helping !! &lt;3
insult to king kong muslim obama not voting for mentally retarded hillary? get cancer w/your family!
smelly vagina collins can'tvote fortrump because of big balls/little penis ofobama!
why do i pay for an annual membership if you can't even keep your kiosks from malfunctioning?
there is a connectivity issue at the moment. we are troubleshooting and should be back shortly.
well as a woman of korean citizenship &amp; american citizenship (surprise!) i hope she does and shuts the nra down!
i do too. but what she is asking for now is common sense and the nra is lying to its people about it!
i just saw a trailer for a max steel movie. that can't be... that's not the max steel i'm thinking of... right? no... no way.
hellz yah it is, im amped
false alarm, it's the review today, thank goodness
wrote the 5 page essay in an hour, and the quiz got moved to online, due monday. so glad i went out last night
let's call them reporters or writers, they are not journalist. they don't fact check ever. good post btw
it's a shitshow
4 days off from the gym &amp; i feel like i'm back to high-school weight lifting.
how is that possible
confession: today i am feeling kind of guilty for saying corey feldman sucks on my friend's facebook post.
truth is i should be the last to criticize one man bands with spastic dance moves
in class we were discussing allopatric speciation &amp; i was like "yeah it's why exeggutor has a ridiculously long neck in sun and moon"
this connection honestly helped greatly on the quiz
is like 100% real, nothing fake whatsoever...and should also be filmed in a arena with screaming fans watching
that would be insane,i wonder what the championship belt would be
stephen hawking sums up donald trump and his supporters in one sentence /
trending on meaning of demagogue
hey philly who wants to be my date to an advanced screening of girl on the train?
when tbh bc i worked on that and i want to know if my name is in credits :-/
i think it's a sign...
it's a sign that it's spooky season
chris christie on radio says trump's given away "tens of millions of dollars of his own personal money." literally zero proof of that.
is in deep trouble at the bridgegate trial ...
so i'm the guy who demanded papers from the first black president and my new big outreach idea is to have the police randomly search people.
just how stupid can trump get. his poll numbers just went south! so out of touch w/aa reality.
if testicle cleavage was acceptable and attractive, i would have my nuts out like... all day.
or at least side testicle
i rather eat the three skittles that would kill me than see trump president.
eating poison skittles may be our best option if trump &amp; his neo-nazis get elected.
don't be afraid. go after what you want. at least you can say you tried, even when you fail.
"nothing ventured, nothing gained!"
. is down during rush hour
our thoughts exactly. we'll be back in action soon!
smh just when i thought i wanted to settle down
lmaoooooo stfu
when you eat too much and your skirt pops open during your scene
you can't go wrong as you are beautiful in every way and in everything you do august
appreciate him publicly saying this. he'll take a lot of heat. but he's so right. they've abandoned sound science.
got to meet him in college. he doesn't mind the heat at all. handled wacky questions no problem.
incidentally, what's your fav dl library. i am with tf (mostly), but just wondering
also, to mention, keras++! but tf will be my replacement soon for theano (lots and lots of bugs in that thing)
as far as i know, this is the only adaptation of beauty &amp; the beast written entirely on business cards (by me!)
that was wonderful!
there's a scarface remake in the works btw
i'm not a fan of spicy food btw
the open-ended classroom
instead of gvng hrder wrksheets to early finishers we provide materials to manipulate &amp; build with" nice!
great to see my friend in nyc!!
you are still in ny!!why don't you move in ny? or getting second house? it will be great!
why are apps allowed to have marketing events in public parks
because public parks are advertising spaces for experiential activity
thank you, too!
you're welcome.
where is hillary hiding?
- she's in your face !!
ok, but we used to have slavery and women couldn't vote...that is just the way it was
both of those took years of intense effort, and bloodshed, to change. casting a protest vote every four years isn't gonna cut it.
tryna be in this short film i'm working on?
im wit the shxts
lol. someone asked me this when i was running freshman circuit.
also, wait for the "mrs. burton" lol.
my ex told me he loved me and i said "no u don't" and walked away so close enough
that's fucked up, see i'm nice and was just like; "i'm not saying it back."
there are 42 million black people in america. trump couldn't even convince 5 to attend his event.
they must be upstairs in the suites
you are so consistent tracy. really want to thank you for your constant participation!
thanks! the questions are thought-provoking, and it's a great group of educators
that must have been an odd experience. trying to judge the art work of someone so horrific.
it was an odd experience. very insightful of you to say so.
facts except i've never had an issue with southwest that i can remember
honesty i only heard bad things about it. i never been on it myself. where you flew with them?
what you doing in my part of town??
i took my mom to the doctor for an appointment
i voted for obama. and he won my state.
doesn't matter who's pres, what party is your governor/legislature? and part-time economy goes back to bush 2001 crash.
and ask this?
you never really catch the dragon anyway... believe me.
i have nothing of value to offer. just wanted to say that i enjoy your work.
thanks walt!
: just cremate me, i want people to remember me how they saw me last ..
if it's the last way i saw you then you'd be twisted. lol. na we can go for small riot.
lose influence? you mean the muslim brotherhood's influence? ever heard of the arab spring? how'd that go for you and hillary?
deflection. but since you brought it up people will always want freedom. tunisia succeeded somewhat. changing govs is hard.
that being said, every single one of the black men who have been shot that i can recall were resisting arrest.
except that one guy laying on the ground with the autistic guy, but that was an "accident" lol
we can't have law enforcement controlled by politicians &amp; won't prosecute corruption or treason.
no intent, not a smidgen!
they didn't put you under me baxide.
no girl. i saw the drilling and everything !
tricky question! if you need it now, yes, but if you plan to upgrade, i'd buy used if possible. if you can wait a bit, do it. -
i assumed photokina would have some new a7 related stuff
low number of team members?
correct. henry said they would only have about 19 game-ready players
when ur friend is driving then they swerve and they say "lol my bad"
if this aint you guys when i drove my sonata..
basing my entire day tomorrow around greys and i couldn't be happier
omg can we please watch together
i do still think latavius needs to win more 1 on 1 matchups in the open field.... but people act like he's all the way trash. he's not
he was last yr
it's always the next democrat who will grab the guns.
i wonder how many total times obama has literally said " i am not coming for your guns" and he hasn't. yet the fear sells guns
your blatant hypocrisy of don't blame obama but blame away on bush, unreal. i have no use for bush family so not defending him.
it's time to block!
living in san francisco is wild
i can hear the lady sitting next to me on the bus music
both of those took years of intense effort, and bloodshed, to change. casting a protest vote every four years isn't gonna cut it.
if you really want change, get involved with a group working for voting reform. don't expect it to be quick or easy.
my spanish is a priority this year
so i did this
ever since this morning i've gotten notif. of people in my contacts adding me back as a friend when i didn't do that! help
you prob added from your contact list
justin speaking french is the hottest thing ever
omg yes it's my life
well sweetie, you klansmen tend to all show up at the same places in la
typical hillary biatch always pulling out a race card. time for u to leave the plantation mate!!!!
i know many nlp people have used torch, but i think sticking with tf is probably worthwhile.
yes! i couldn't switch earlier to tf,it was missing quite a bit of stuff, i'm writing a blog on that change nw between frmwrk
nyc people: i'll be living in your nightmare shithole dystopian megacity in november. if you know of a sublet, hit me.
i could kill one of my roommates
trump proposes reinstating stop and frisk at event aimed at black voters # via
truly hard to have words
toaster is an aerial observer today?
nah - read the wrong wikipedia push-pull article
i love losing fantasy on an eddie fucking royal punt return touchdown
still not as worse as losing because of stat correction
how did miss this....
did i sneak this past ya late afternoon on a friday?!
so, polls that have djt in a lead are legitimate. polls that do not, are illegitimate. gotcha. and jet fuel melts steel beams?
u need to come up to speed - got caught cheating - read it &amp; weep !!
hillary might actually lose this thing lmao
i will be getting so fucking shitfaced if that happens
small potatoes compared to hillary. what's your agenda?
time to block all this bs. all the best
if you really want change, get involved with a group working for voting reform. don't expect it to be quick or easy.
no one hears your protest vote. it sends no message. did perot's 20m votes change anything? no.
i do enjoy watching sanctimonious morons go down in flames. don't flatter yourself. the only person obsessed with you-is you.
if you aren't obsessed with me, why are you tweeting constantly about me ?
. i remember there being mum making parties, and being able to buy premade mumstrocities at h-e-b. it was wild.
texas is a completely different country omg
here is your gop at work. no vet bill, zika bill but military spending for israel? bring it on! is the debt...
what is the problem getting zika bill and flint assistance??
lets make it happen! please go to and subscribe to 's youtube channel
aww thank you so much lol
your website speed by reducing server response time via
thanks for he shoutout!
damn i don't wanna do it at home tho u want highlights or what lol
i don't have hours to do it here hell no lol hate highlights figured just a clean feathered bleach wash like last time lmao
playin my fav papi party sept 30 !! last one before a lil break :( whos tryna drive beep beep its lit...
yesssss so ready &lt;3
think my wider issue with any profile on you know who is that there is no new take. he's entirely one note. there's nothing new to be said.
yeah that's basically the entirety of the right wing
shit i can't remember where .. i believe the midwest .. i was fine
they're prices be too good to be true at times. that's usually the biggest sign for mw
your website speed by reducing server response time via
thanks for the shoutout!
u better be watching big brother finale
as soon as empire ends!!
have ye got at instagram sir?
not at this moment lad
this happened at my station and citi bike is racking up minutes after i ended my ride...can't wait to see my credit...
no, if you have ended your ride you will not be racking up charges. as long as bike is returned, the trip clock has stopped.
you bitches too bitch to write the tell all
only the hardest women writing the tell all
have ye got at instagram sir?
i'm having a wine
apparently, according to a certain liberal teacher from west supporting a candidate and standing up for what i believe in makes me racist!
omg who?!?!
now. where are we seeing you?
some time in the future
yeah. trying to switch to keras but for some tasks easier to stick w/ tf (depends though..)
yup keras&lt;3, i'm gonna try implementing seq2seq w/ attn in keras soon, because there is only 1 out there and it's 99% broken
so is hanging out with don king.
thinking about it bill clinton has really kept his hair. propecia, treatments or natural stud ?
get outplayed
not by you tho
shut uppppp your face is fine cut ur hurrrrr
maybe i will
happy birthday fam
thanks much broham!
that's my point!!! after the third time it happens and you do nothing---it's on you!
she divorced him and took custody of the child. you call that nothing?
cool shot taken at the guilford fair last saturday. who was there?
great shot &amp; great concert !!
its easier to be straight up
"sorry i only see you as a friend/brother" what nigga wanna hear that?
watching what i missed of last night. carmella had zero direction. turning her heel &amp; having her feud with nikki was brilliant
she's great. taking the heel role and running with it.
a call for a week long event built on the backs of other events with no offer of, or blueprint for, financial stability or start up capital?
sounds like a new wannabe sponsor for the fgc
yeah he pretty much got my reaction too
if you're ever at a covenant show they tend to party and/or pass out in stairwells. at least in brooklyn 10 yrs ago
so in the past 2 days, trump has suggested enhanced profiling and national stop and frisk.. .wonder what demographi...
the wm "cop" demographic? he must be trying to lose, i can't believe anyone running would say that, he...
oracle announces iaas generation2. what is it and can it compete with amazon?
what is it? nothing. can it compete with aws? no.
yeah that's basically the entirety of the right wing
i'm not talking about a presidential candidate, just to be clear
thank you sweet baby jesus for nightly backups
for real though.
if clinton wins despite her manifest personal flaws that proves how profoundly content with establishment elites the public is, right?
that's the question media is conditioned to pose by et al.. what it actually proves is that qualifications matter.
i'm insanely lucky to have as my girlfriend. she makes me smile &amp; laugh, it's crazy not to think of how...
*sniffles of cuteness*
to-- omnomomomom!! the days i got to be on !
eternal question: how much puking occurred after filming this?
everything in the world is not about race
no, but what this article about, and what these silent protests are about, are about race. sit down.
dodgers mock giants' pitcher after he repeatedly yells "don't look at me."
thanks to for a better perspective
thanks mooch. rant over tim, i'll get off my soap box. i think our community is levels better than the chuck...
that goes without saying tho, im not posting memes or making fun of his looks. just hypocrisy and it's valid
last night shaved a few secs off my swim time
doug would do anything for a friend
happy birthday to my brother, , creator of a web show currently being stolen by unscrupulous international media brands.
lol chris ! happy bday !
no, if you have ended your ride you will not be racking up charges. as long as bike is returned, the trip clock has stopped.
give us a ring later this evening and we can confirm for you 1-855-245-3311
fried chicken festival this sunday. see ya there
don't make me cry.
and ask this?
this almost becomes a marketing phenomenon..?
he'll be around when i get back
especially after those hot butt pics
no one hears your protest vote. it sends no message. did perot's 20m votes change anything? no.
and history tells us that if dems lose, they don't say "we should be leftier". they say "we should be more like the guys who won."
i read that in hs it's an interesting book
i love the way it starts, "for an instant he was happy in his dream, but awoke feeling covered in bird shit"
chinese baby boy born with 15 fingers and 16 toes undergoes surgery via
whom to decide which digits are suppose to be removed, can't they wait until he is grown
i really don't think a streaming service could curate a playlist the way that i make mine.
hey, great to see claye in there!
we're glad to hear our team was able to help. have a great journey!
well, they are working on it! we are still researching the problem! will report back when resolved! thant you!
i'm long overdue for a play. see you on thursday?
come through!! :)
he's an entertainer...like a bearded circus woman or a dancing monkey. nothing more.
i didn't know clooney could dance !
i'm not talking about a presidential candidate, just to be clear
yeah i realized that halfway through my tweet but still lol
anthony weiner and 's similarities are uncanny. minus the whole pedophile thing.
though i can see some similarities; i think pauly is much more handsome.
on the next episode of on the rag again:
should we holla at a sex worker or two??
taking in the views at a client event on the sony building rooftop. perfect night for it!
we can hear from ! who's playing?
your girlfriend is a star
yeah she is go hanny
wow! adm 'ace' lyons says what no politician is willing to admit. intro by
jaw dropping presentation undoubtedly sincere. it is puzzling..where have been the "deep throats" over decades to blow whistle
it would actually be really profitable for in-n-out! a lot of people want healthier options even if they're not vegan/vegetarian!
this meme is gold tho and that's what really matters
many do--going to war with them won't win them over. btw, i own bikes, not a car, and am user.
my bike commuting friends have been hit by people driving cars quite a lot, many twice. that's not a war :/
how bout a balayage
im down. my hair lifts hella fast tho rememeber
someone i went to windsor academy with just requested me on facebook. she has 6 kids now.
growing up in windsor terrace (or "the terrace" to some) was pretty rough.
so why is so much better than ? like why are they doing it like this?
to me, just better talent, right down to the announce team...
ross is right that samantha bee is terrible - she talks a big game about trump's racism but doesn't want her kids' school integrated
trying to form a theory liberalism is basically a polite conservative in denial
i just got this hoe and birds already shitting on it
that's good luck ya know
yeah i realized that halfway through my tweet but still lol
haha. well you're not wrong anyway, so.
but turkey dogs, chips, and guac will do!
to freshman year microwave magic
i know right
and the way it sounds
so that's what those are called? i thought they were called 'hair tubes'
they are--but this is from the same magazine that tells readers to mix different lube flavors or to watch out if men are too happy
my will to be away from fb is so weak
please come back, no one is active anymore
for the record, the purported monmouth univ poll memo being circulated is a photoshopped fake - and not a very good one at that.
yeah right !! your poll +5 hillary is so outrageous - u think we believe you - lol !!!
oooh, this'll be fun to look through
less whining this time, bucko; these are all bona fide sharewaritude
thanks to the bb community for making this another great season!! big loves to y'all
great job simon and dawg
nope, w1 headphones work fully with all their devices from the last couple of years.
then why would it be a reason to get iphone 7? that's a reason to get w1-equipped headphones!
has anyone ever used castor oil on their eyelashes or eyebrows?
i've done it on both, but wasn't consistent. do it and gimme updates
good. he is a terrorist.
you must be white
i hate this.
can't be at bad as this
that's the question media is conditioned to pose by et al.. what it actually proves is that qualifications matter.
and sanity helps.
wow ur bomb af
thought ya knew
this week at spirit week hs west, it's easy to tell which teachers are intolerant liberals by the judgement of what...
i dont even think it's allowed for them to say stuff like this
thank you all! i am so grateful for your love &amp; support. wish i could hug each one of you, but tweets will have to do. expect them soon!
huge congratulations, traci! i just saw the incredible news!
i listened to who was right about the growth of tf - look at the community. glad i did.
also yes! i just found out about the book writing :d! need a copy of that :) and true++
heard that brew and intellij won't work on sierra
you're forgetting i am dream team
fbi looking for two men seen unzipping alleged bomber's duffel
well there goes the lone wolf theory
always a sad day for me
but next week (or the week after) we're playing delaveaga disc golf course!!
does anyone have an extra ticket for sale to marie antoinette at on 9/27? i'll pay cash &amp; buy you a beer!
when twitter comes thru!! thank you, !! i can't wait!!
sat directly behind the lady observing my class bc i'm tryna do my assignments that i got due tomorrow (and text) (and watch netflix)
didn't think this thru, macbook keyboard very loud but there's no notes so observation lady's prob wondering why i'm typing so much
the news is holding huey lewis back. he should go solo asap before his popularity fades and whatnot and so forth.
has anyone seen hotel for dogs yet?
joey bats hits game-tying bomb in 9th. huge dinger. 1-1 jays and m's.
and no flip? waiting for the playoffs....
someone scratched "gary's bath water" above the urinal part of this port o potty. lmao could u imagine gary taking a bath in piss!
imagining now, thanks
this election will come down to voter participation, debate performance, and sheer luck, writes
broken link?
the bottom half of the mets' lineup: --undrafted free agent --guy everyone wanted dfad --cut by tampa in st --cut by tampa in st --colon
i'm gonna run over there to see that.
it gives u seats...we're lower lodge i think? not even together! suckkks...meet there yasss
arent we like 2 or 3 seats away tho? pretty close
yeah. but karate-chop and front shoot erase almost all shoots, including ice wall. it is so terrible(`)
very true. must be tricky with ice wall! :)
hey, i made preorder listings for laid waste and black is the color (2nd ed) on etsy. books ship in october!...
clicking on that link so fast i'm breaking my fingers
nothing triggers me more than seeing a 12 year old brat hit their mom/dad and having the parents say some shit like "no hitting, sally" foh
holy fck, my mom would murder me for just talking back man lol
would know.
audacity works great. you can spend a lot for worse.
contains the usual press error. elon said minimum 215 miles not set as the actual production range.
it's what's on their site, dude
i checked, don't see anything wrong:
sometimes wayback gets confused, especially with a bogus crappy robots.txt
especially effective because he doesn't live in a gold-plated penthouse in manhattan.
one of the biggest mysteries is how he pulled off not being part of the elite
usually the colbert bump has a bigger impact. at least you have a cool bear following you now.
that's all i really wanted out of all of this
yas his accent is so cute
i swear to god i want to make out with him
my question for hillary clinton: i'm hispanic and i'm voting for trump. am i deplorable? via
yes kellyanne you are deplorable. and i think you know it. how do you sleep at night??
sat directly behind the lady observing my class bc i'm tryna do my assignments that i got due tomorrow (and text) (and watch netflix)
didn't think this thru, macbook keyboard very loud but there's no notes so observation lady's probably wondering why i'm typing so much
i would love to see whitehead get the majority of the backup minutes
depends on which guard position. foye likely has first dibs behind bojan. so most likely pg until gv is healthy
&amp; got me signing up for radio 4 .great plug
you won't regret it i promise
they will live.
damn you're telling me my tweet won't be the downfall of a magazine?
she's not lmfao
i feel like a lot of the teachers try to sway our political beliefs to make us go toward the liberal side
growing up in windsor terrace (or "the terrace" to some) was pretty rough.
hate to think what/where i would be now had if my parents chose to stay there. side note: old towne east is crazy gentrified now though.
i bet you say this to all the boys...
hey sailor...
i used the phrase in august 2015 -- when did you first use it?
i think you may have me beat! not sure when i first used it. it's like inventing the calculus
can't handle being dragged
this is light i swear
yes yes hunny definitely yes
hmmmmmmm don't make me make a poll and prove you wrong
it was magical. charlotte- 09 or 10?
now how was that cuz i believe the tour he's doing now is just him and a piano rn was it like that when u saw him?
well guys it's getting late here so i bid you farewell. thanks for the discussion
all good , always a pleasure
facts i love you
love you too ry ry
glad you liked it! hey, we should have a listening session soon. you pick your current 4 songs &amp; i do the same. ...
i am all for that! are you on spotify by any chance?
trump foundation "self-dealing?"
didn't hillary just donate a million to herself? us low lives sort of think this is fat cat normal
i will be gone in a few weeks tho cuz i have theatre
theatre? is it fun :0
oh, good to hear! have you ever been by for a meal at our place before?
no i have not...yet! ;)
excuse me? she didn't say hello? was here...
i actually asked if you were around! i will be back next week!
i think by "honest" these people mean "openly racist, belligerent and insulting." sad that they think that's honest...
i'm sure that is pleased with this news
think my wider issue with any profile on you know who is that there is no new take. he's entirely one note. there's nothing new to be said.
this is not a trump tweet, this is a messy faggot tweet
the best thing about that is you will never ever do run up dp by sheer accident!
play naoto, run up dp by design
ellen's ping pong skills are second only to her dance moves. catch me on today!
are you going to bust a move?
i'm just curious as to why snapchat is such a terribly functioning app.
what's a snacphat?
growing up in windsor terrace (or "the terrace" to some) was pretty rough.
hate to think what/where i would be now if my parents chose to stay there. side note: old towne east is crazy gentrified now though.
new york post's cover features a laughing jen aniston - see it in full:
people stop with anderson she's not even like that
i can't imagine they must have spend to reconstruct the inside of the ramsey home for this documentary. it's kind of over the top.
i was glued to the tv watching that
this poor baby boy got herpes after being kissed by someone with a cold sore
a child in south africa died after he was kissed by a total stranger
lol i saw that discussion. didn't know enough at the time about the model, will revisit.
lol, i was slightly ignored &amp; showed myself out . the tensor function r diff between these frameworks, ts hard to replicate
yes please omgwuvshwgq
his deep voice speaking french
hush little baby don't say a word trump is going to buy...
hillary you cannot see in this pic she's under the covers
oh god no. please no let's not do this again.
then we gotta make sure he loses embarrassingly and not narrowly
!! this was a message i filmed for/about when he first left emblem3! nothing but love and support you...
lolol, i love this because it goes off the rails just like every drew interview ever. :)
we got a coca cola freestyle at work. strangely, no lime flavor.
oh my word that's awesome. unlimited?
guess who else thinks hillary is corrupt?
uhhhhh, a bunch of nutjobs? yes i agree.
would it be too much to ask to drop a few tweets during 's airing of kramer's madx4 tonight?
for you and , joe? no problem. my jumbo-size essay to whet your appetite
lmfao and he kisses like her hair!!! wtffff
cant stop cryim
john lewis calls for federal observers to be placed at polling stations on election day
got mom an absentee ballot so no one beats her up while voting. tho she has a cane &amp; will use it
*student jumping from the wall to the desk* me: please review our safety rules student: safety my asshole
it would have been so much better for him to say, "review my asshole" !!!!!! gosh have i not taught them anything in these 3 weeks?!
mercury is almost out of retrograde thank you teenage ninja jesus. get us out of this communication emotional dumpster fire finally.
i been counting down the days...
rotfl i had to google the name of the making a murderer dude. i was about to write eric avery instead of steven and it didn't sound right.
love that show too
trump has suffered 5 bankruptcies. four financial and one mental.
ha ha aren't you clever. with over 550 corps. that makes him a genius. thank you for your support.
neoreaction is altogether a very moral endeavor, we're definitely not wasting time, we're keeping a community alive that resists immoral
leftist discourse, and agitating them right back. so when you piss off a progressive, or a leftist, that's time well spent.
october 4th. it's a tuesday
i might be able to do that, let me get back to you asap :3
if i was getting a jersey it'd be slater in blue
poor decision making soup. goat#
it was but now its aight but ive been in 3 productions alreay so i might as well do throughout hs
what kind of stuff do you do for theatre
looks fine to me :-\
could you ping info.org to send to the wayback team?
lmk when your ever back in town!!! or maybe i'll come up for a visit, but no doubt gotta see you before you're outti
bro come up to cuse whenever u want homie, shits lit up here
you do realize you're responding to a simple statement of liking someone. it has become twisted. this is just great...
national peace day ain't working today
bring that ass here boi
stick to cod fool
i always want to go to denny's.
come back to oneonta.
the jackie robinson of tennis is....
damn straight billie jean king needs to get this done
my only regret is that i have but one mute to give to your dumb ass
that's not very nice
if you ask me, san jose is damn near its own section, ion care for it but as far as the bay goes it doesn't compare to the city lol
san jose is one of the biggest cities in the bay
one of my all time faves. superb direction, marvelous performances, great script. "rollo tomassi."
without question, one of the best flicks of that decade.
this is not a trump tweet, this is a messy faggot tweet
and i can say that because i am one
was suppose to watch basketball wives but i can watch it online somewhere else i guess
i still made it back in time whoot whoot
hey nyc!! tomorrow will be madison store 3.30pm come say hi! first 20 in line join me in photo booth, che...
have you found american whiskey bar on 30th yet?
facebook knows if your relationship will last (really!). here i explain how. from my book .
totally agree for a hub relationship model.
friends who like sewing/know fabric, would you use stretch frabic to make these? or reg non-stretch~ i feel like st...
they just looks like some modified harem pants honestly lol!!!!
i got suckered by this, which is probably my fault, but this pc adapter doesn't let you play... pc games.
this page is feels very purposefully misleading. sony fucked me again.
we tried to shazam it but you're too far.
hilarious!!!!!
day 2 of setting up shop with at allen west. come get a mug or poster! or both!
i know that's a 2-year-old tweet but how do i get swag? i really want a sticker or a coffee cup.
i could really go for chili's, a movie &amp; one of those conversations where you fuss at me the whole time to release some stress
i'm saying i haven't seen a movie in 3 months , but i'll call you in about 15mins
lmaoooo that's how ya girl was yawning the morning after
lmfaoooo... i wouldnt know, i usually leave...never mind....
my life this week
i've been dealing with this for almost 2 weeks now it sucks
friends don't let friends go to yeezy shows. period.
(i tend to agree.)
i wish i knew what you were talking about
shh what i should cover acoustically
when i find myself in times of trouble, mother mary dms her feet, thirsty twitter fefos, fave my tweets.
this is the prayer i utter when i load my rifle before going into battle
caption this, y'all!
sim has a shiny micropenis?
some of my favorite peeps
is that ? i can't tell.
captain dudley smith: "it's best to stay away from a man when his blood is up." ed exley: "his blood is always up."
brilliant dialogue. so many great performances.
brb getting married cc (@ shakespeare garden)
brb having a baby cc
tell me more about turing test?
ok. -sent by allo
go, ! we're so glad we could connect you w/ ! we think they're the is the best kept secret around!
. this is sooooo awesome! best part: they do the work to connect my ss to industry?
it's the ultra music artist showcase. :)
everyone in the office: but who?!?
"can you imagine if every time he spoke publicly,the public then got a simple, clear count of how much h...
the media must not let up on lies.
working on a quadratic equation lesson plan rn. mind if i slip this onto a slide?
yes but please put "" someone i want those followers
breaking: wr corey coleman broke his hand in practice today
sell the team. send them to vegas.
i'm wild annoyed rn at nothing in particular tbh everything is trash
i'm at my desk for no reason still bumping sky ferreira but now dudes debating if freeway's debut is classic or not so it's time to leave
that's label i wear with honor and pride.
thanks! she knew y'all would.
coming up in 20 minutes, play with and on .
fun with nuns
was told i looked 'morning after but in a good way'
more like, you look hot cuz u hot and that outfit is
*throws more logs into radar hoping they'll respond*
once i learned to write good bugs every radar is "please stackshot"
"new nationalism"
no, it's "old irrationalism."
bingo is awesome, no matter what age
i'm 36 and can verify this.
"i had to take a cab to work because i was too busy making jokes on twitter, it's my own fault."
lol this morning feels like sooo long ago... hard to believe i knew nothing about jewel when i hopped out that cab
weiner carried... online sexual relationship with a troubled 15 yr old
. it is pathetic when brief thrills of reckless horniness take priority over a noble public service career &amp; a beautiful wife.
if someone "ghosts" you, 9/10 it has nothing to do with you &amp; said person is prob working out some bs you don't wanna be involved w. anyway
. im speaking as someone who's ghosted and been ghosted lmao
yes, +1 on copy of book. look fwd to that.
i'm so glad he is not calling it the hitch-hiker guide to something, i'm looking forward to it :d take my :)
these girls at happy hour casually mouthing the words of destiny child's "jumpin jumpin" to eachother is making my evening.
they're literally just karaoking as if a rundown of their respective days.
looks like the security of intel sgx (assuming no side channels) reduces to trusting intel not to divulge their private key.
well that sgux.
new podcast! pre-debate chat. including what meal would eat before a debate. you won't believe it.
98% already made up their minds, this 2% will not change the outcome, just ask walter mondale and mitt romney
my question for hillary clinton: i'm hispanic and i'm voting for trump. am i deplorable? via
you are definitely deplorable kellyanne. your disdain for the truth makes you so. you misguided your latina sis.
my nigga can't drive
not when i'm on
lowkey future husband
i'm tired of your shenanigans ..: stick to ur youngins
and right before the election. consider the implications. burn up the phones, people. call your elected officials....
attention google facebook yahoo fans these internet giants and others want usa out&amp; un in charge
good to hear doug!i tried to listen to your kcbs update but didnt hear it. is it available online?
not sure - but a version of it is airing each hour
lil yachty and rae sremmurd, both sound like they got a swift kick in the nuts before hitting the booth. bring it down like 4 octaves mf
theyre like most hip hop clowns recently
be my guest
ight i made it , we'll know in 4 hours , if i win you owe me 10 bucks , k coo
amb. stevens' fiancee releases book, levels devastating accusation at hillary
13 hours should also be seen by everyone
the generation that manages to revoke human nature? i'll take the other side of that one.
there are different facets to humanity &amp; its possible our positive qualities may prevail over time...
you reap what you sow...
they made their bed, now sleep in it!
"strong relationships are built on respect, honesty and open communication (transparency)." --
ty for the rt! catch up with you soon.
my question for hillary clinton: i'm hispanic and i'm voting for trump. am i deplorable? via
no, it's the other she was referring to. hope that clears things up!
wrong! this is what hillary thinks of americans!
naming that which needed to be named only cements her standing with us who've wanted it for months!
the kneel during tonights national anthem
i'm very proud of these women of conscience.
we appreciate it, and look forward to responding as soon as possible.
still waiting...
i feel like dropping out of college and just live on with my life
i feel the same. it's a drag. big time
yeah iw at the one and possibly foye or harris at the two until levert is ready also
well depends who you ask. a lot see caris as a pg and isaiah as sg. pretty sure they're interchangeable except caris can 1-3
yes! although my laptop has since been plastered quite a bit :d
another one can't hurt...
is the goat
if i eat, all my niggas eat, ya feel?
apparently it's
we'll do our part to support such an important month for bourbon
when the pain of staying where we are becomes greater than our fear of moving forward, our path becomes clear.
girrrrrrrl! you got it right with this tweet!!!
met w/ entrepreneur i trust &amp; admire whose most recent thing got crushed. ended w/ me asking where i send $ for his next thing. i love this.
same thing happened to me when i was a founder: love those investors more than anything.
he's hot asf.. damn itttt
i know right my heart is beating
i thought this was da share zone and was sadly disappointed when i actually read it
i'm serious about my metal album covers
dogs in strollers..... doesn't that defeat the purpose?
he can't walk!
i really want some pho
go get some u live like 10 seconds away from one
i really dug the 1st! so tight. no extra shots, very minimal downtime. it's an action movie's action movie lol.
lol i get that. i need more storyline. oh are you down for a saturday cpl brunch? ms lambert has a tricky schedule these days
i find that i understand conduits easier if i replace the word conduit with channel while reading docs. is it just me?
chunked stream with interleaved effects works for me ... no no ... no not really but it should
police chief: officers gave black man multiple warnings to drop gun before shooting him via
that gun was planted on that guy by the cops. don't believe everything the cops say. we know they lie alot.
it is a valid criticism &amp; you called out the slant in his reporting. complain to candy banana ltd. (site owner)
nah i'll just keep doing pods that are growing, grow my twitter, have community aware, keep hitting their bottomline
i linked to the wrong thing :(
no worries. i saw the lego tweet and it's cool.
the latest the jeff daily! thanks to
thank you jeff!
it's so expensive how to do i make them blue again?!
i don't know! why is this happening! we can use hangouts or something
i watched their game with sweden today. first hockey i've watched in a while and, wow, that was a heck of a game.
yeah as long as you don't watch team usa it's going to be pretty fun.
im glad im not the only one it happens to
bet theyre writing it in the community watch group
incurable. and we'll all be stronger for it. the fact that you and w have the same initial says all
did you become this stupid or were you born that way. are you a criminal like ?
i'm pretty sure in the last 2 days i've slept a combined total of 24 hours
girl same here! it's been pure magic.
okay this is a dead serious question... does anyone know what kind of dog kylie jenner has? because i need herrrrr!
looks like a beagle dauchaund mix
the announce team is the worst part of smackdown. excluding mauro
lol yes. should be a one man announce team.
i understand this but to be fair why does black pride not?
because history. racism = prejudice + power. black historically devalued.
israeli soldiers photographed beating palestinian in hebron
how heavy handed
please stop whatever you're doing and listen to &amp; me pick the best movie trilogy w/ :
how did i miss this up till now? have subscribed. :-)
when i find myself in times of trouble, mother mary dms her feet, thirsty twitter fefos, fave my tweets.
i just make a joke about bush or something
hate when people try to tell me i have an attitude when i dont
you wake up with one ma
dumbasses. fine. we will clinch at your pit of a field.
i'll be there!
not many films hold up to the test of time. last night i watched when harry met sally and was reminded of one that has. in spades.
baby. fish. mouth.
pride and arrogance where a little self-awareness might do. clinton asks why she isn't beating trump by 50 points
because you're the worst candidate the democrats ever nominated to run for the presidency. that's why.
wall dividing journos from biz end "infantalized the newsroom," left journos with "no seat at the table," says.
what's better than the wall, asks. how do editorial and biz come together?
i missed where i said that
"can they be activists now" you're clearly saying that as a result of them "evolving" into better dancers, right?
our simulated universe is just one piece of a matryoshka doll of annihilation | motherboard
what if multiple simulations are identical
when you do everything in your body to hold back tears .. i did not need this today.
keep your head up, don't let the bad bring you down.
not from me. truly respect both of them despite our differences
feeling is mutual and in part due to our different positions in the world of art. not many talking.
. please let rod brooks know that we appreciate his beautiful, heartfelt words. as human beings, we are all hurting for bob.
i had 2go2 the bathroom @ work 2 wipe the tears from my eyes. so eloquently said.
hello, aaron. did this happen on your flight today?
yes it did. my flight from lga to mco.
for sure it's a suspicious package? i'm working on the corner and overlooking the intersection.
cups were clearing the streets for a package
this is getting serious. intervention time?
can we brief you on brad's personal content planning studio next week?
- plus she needs to stop looking at herself on camera. really???
she is so full of herself.
who wants to get verified today on twitter or instagram hit my dm for pricing and be paypal ready
hey my man. i just send you a dm!
benching bruce has to happen. my column: ...
i disagree. think he should be in lineup. track record too good
a perception of sin by juliet cromwell.
beautiful cover ... looks great!!!
i would say the same for anybody. if one hates something, leave it. i would
there's no possible way to "leave" racial profiling, discrimination and murderous cops, are you serious?
and i can say that because i am one
thank you julie klausner and shakina nayfack for giving us faggots and ex-faggots the gif-able content we never knew we needed.
misery loves company
if only it were this simple. that'd rock. :)
yeah just more hopeful more disappointed
i still can't help but hope. am i hopeless?
if you have a phd and insist on being called "doctor" then you're an insecure bhole who needs to mellow out and listen to more kiss records.
i know lawyers who insist on "doctor" because they've got a j.d.
chicago pd adding 1000 new officers following violent summer.
isn't enough police in world to solve problems in chicago. it's not a police presence problem. it's a heart problem.
oh hell no!!
i might if the address was a federal prison!
i need game recommendations, smth addicting
all the games i play are pixel horrors smh
cheers alex but true all he did was show his mates a custom controller i was made and all hell broke loose
sorry to hear that man. hope the little guy keeps his head up and bullies learn their lesson!
the entire indiana fever wnba team kneeled during the national anthem
touching moment for the crowd to be sure
totally get it.
phil how did team take in fh3 metacritic 91 ? i know you did expect a 90!
chinese baby boy born with 15 fingers and 16 toes undergoes surgery via
just look at his many toes and fingers, poor baby
i think each of them can do both but we shall see what kenny puts together
either way it's going to be a great season in it's own unique way. who knows maybe we'll tack on more wins than expected
you don't buy that they'd welcome utah or that he'd bond with them. the "firing in the sky" noooooo moment comes out of nowhere.
how about when they go off extreme-sporting and none of their sports have anything to do with disrupting financial markets. wingsuits!
the hell am i going to do for two hours in between shifts
go home you live close lol
no way damn that's crazy!
sos twin i miss you
her face is so bad i can't stop looking at it, am i the only one?
nope. her mean girl shit is beyond fathomable too. the way she talks to her parents... my lord.
where can i see the pitch video?
they'll be posting it after it gets edited - not sure when that'll be
still waiting for you to reveal my lies!
too much important stuff to do. i'll catch up with you (but don't hold your breath)!
but theres a difference i know i can have an attitude. but when i do not dont try to tell me i do. feel me?
yeah that would annoy the fuck out of me
highly anticipated post-surgery p4p rankings will be out later tonight. make your guesses now...
i'm real bearish on hott wedding chick this week
should i miss my classes tomorrow to see one of my favorite bands even though they are performing one song
katyn emily and molly you can't vote on this
wow, on behalf of humanity i apologize for that idiot.
it's comforting that the people who use "cuck" are also literally the only people who'd care about being called one
don't pretend like you were not implying that the lost click of a closed-minded crybaby would somehow hurt them.
it's true, i am certain the lack of 4-odd clicks per year will be devastating to their bottom line.
quick! shield yourself from others who have different opinions, before it's too late!
jfc, the irony
cmon man, why do you even ask these questions?
because is employing the socratic method to rationalize white supremacy. disingenuous af.
nooooooo this is the worst one
this was like watching a train wreck... it was awful but i couldn't look away.
lmaoo do better sis
first step. admitting
i just did hands down the most shit that's ever existed
you poopied on alex's boobies?
while discussing previous first days: 'twas fascinating for some definition of fascinating that might not converge with anyone else's defn.
expressed as a lack of ocular muscle strain is good!!!
i just found out that he was telling lies to people about me also. pathologic.
i found out he told pple i fired him because he refused to have an affair w me. no-not conceivable. he was fired w documented cause.
oegon town freaks out over astrology class fearing it will lead to 'satanism' &amp; baby sacrifices...
thought it was ok w thomas aquinas in middle ages?
. i'm guessing, "damn, i hope i never need to buy a gun to feel like a man."
it sure as hell beats feeling like a helpless victim. fact, crooks commit less crime when shot.
rt : rt and
one is actually taller
twitter always adding some unnecessary shit to their app when in reality it just makes things worse
what'd they add now
at this rooftop party like
who's playing rn? they're great! we work across the street @ the gersh agency...
yep just look at the news every day the tv is full of christians going bat shit crazy doing atrocities
take a look right here at home,
just read a good article on the topic. here's a link:
thank u, very informative for those that are curious due to exposure of products labeled
i been counting down the days...
same. we almost made it. almost there.
where is today's update zach?
no update today lol
that looks amazing! guessing this wasn't the first time you've used food to cure a hangover?
nope! but if it's my mother asking the answer would be "yes!"
ty for the retweet dude
anytime dude, glad to support
haha! it's extremely rare so make the most of me being on the same zone!! ha
we are both drinking at the same time
guys, you've always known i'm a huge fan of football (-inspired drinking)
perfect for our fantasy league parties!
you said before you were too busy to protect the american people.
yes too busy keeping out of jail.
phil can you put segways in forza
is that a young timdog?
who likes the sound of this? major league baseball could be on its way to london!
seriously one of the worst ideas i've ever read. i'm an american and love baseball, but i've also lived in england &amp; they do not!
wendy the slow adult and gary the conqueror go toe to toe in a rank out competition right now on !
listening now
the entire indiana fever wnba team kneeled during the national anthem
too bad nobody is there to see it
impeach the fool
impeach him? hell no, imprison him!
tonight's starting lineup.
a winning line-up!
accidentally discovered: force press and hold on a message in ios 10 messages app to add a reaction
the new messages stuff is a basket of undiscoverables.
islamic state attacks u.s. base in iraq with possible chemical agent
thanks hillary and obama
don't look him up on facebook. but congrats on the rest
just a little creepy but thank you
the espn panel of experts has voted and here is the new p4p top 10:
i'm actually ok with this list.
story of my life
lmaoo thought i was alone! like how am i supposed to share this on the gram or other platforms?! looks silly
today i confirmed that i ain't shit
how'd you come to that conclusion? welcome to the club
someone tell me where the fuck to find this rn
these are nike juvenates
if you want to remove the 'press home to unlock':
thanks! super useful, i might give this home button/fingerprint id a try though
the name of my memoir, "waiting for the a's to finish". of course the final out is under-review.
these are the days when i wish wasn't the flagship station of the athletics.
yooo just realized how this is my homie
lololololol this is not yo potna i refuse
cancer has taken carol fitzgerald, wife of tv voice bob fitzgerald, who somehow soldiered on thru years of misery. condolences.
prayers to bob and the rest of the fitzgerald clan,true pro in the face of terrible grief
yep just look at the news every day the tv is full of christians going bat shit crazy doing atrocities
and all these christian police tsk tsk tsk
waiting to get my 90 minute massage
i got a deep tissue and went for a run like an idiot
yep, you nailed it. i mean this when i say it man, you are as intelligent as the average pats fan. congrats
lol thanks, i think.
i think this is the only thing you got right.
i think you can admit defeat now the mets new minor league of has same playoff wins as ben in past 4 years
is it only for ps now?
yep. can you even wrap your head around that. i can't.
how do they do it? i bet santa claus has a higher negative rating than canada.
mostly because canada gifted the world justin bieber.
good fucking bye alfi
y'all need jesus
first 90 since gears 3.. hopefully a repeat with gears 4!!
and an awesome review by you guys, phil needs to check that one out
watch this! watch it! &gt; joss whedon recruits stars - watch video via
i did! very good!
facebook auto-enlarging short text-only status updates? anyone else seen examples of this?
yeah - i thought it was for updates that warranted an exclamation point but it seems to be all short updates
heard hissing and thought my car was overheating. turns out it was a flat
i thought you were going to say a snake haha
hillary's october surprise you must share this video and help spread the word before it's too late!
's october surprise is the 25 questions submitted by in september. read them and understand her dilemma.
can somebody say butthurt
"can somebody say butthurt"
officers scrutinizing everything within the cordoned-off area. two looking at phone booth at bottom center
any info on police activity at grand and mercer in soho?
i don't see bad. why bad.
this is why you're my hero
i didnt know justin was in pia mia's 'fill me in video' tffffff
it says austin mahone
i was just missing the guy shouting in front of moscone for the last 2 years. he's back again.
noticed exactly the same thing
i just watched this is us and holy crap i am in love. that plot twist at the end!
it was so good!
hahahaha so happy i chose to give ur bitch ass another chance &amp; guess whose already getting fucked over bc i m not a good friend for letting
u stay on my couch even tho that was never stated hahaha bye thanks for ruining my fucking day
canada eliminates us from world cup of hockey contention, 4-2
what did we expect
quick! shield yourself from others who have different opinions, before it's too late!
and now we've all said our bit, let's leave it at that. bye.
how about adding , from , to ? those eyes!!!!
i would. accept she's is married. i only give married actresses shoutout's when it comes to 's.
wow. that is abhorrent
it's in the fine print on that page but it feels purposefully obscured. this thing has no value at all.
extremely grateful for the people i surround myself with. someone just reminded me to keep pushing through. to always give it my all.
little did they know i needed that push. that positive outlook. it's so easy to get caught up in the negative.
the balance in space and time will be destroyed. that's what's gonna happen
and all we need to do i watch the game at the nexus of the universe aka the corner of 1st ave and 1st street
ipad's are always a great choice. there's always music freedom to listen to while you wait. *davidmi
picked up ipad pro. happy happy.
not quite as cool as yet, but this is what 70h+ per week looks like in practice.
and i should prob take gmail out of the productive bucket,
added some random arrow to all tweets lmao
top right corner?
some solid tips for all to consider!
appreciate the share! thanks.
everything that nike sells i'm selling and i'm selling it all for an affordable price just like before. nothing has...
what are the conditions in the factories producing your products tho? it's cool that it's affordable but do workers suffer?
my gut is telling me this season of is going to be another flop...
why do you think that?? last season was painful, unwatchable... they have to be making it better..
major league baseball says it held a "a very good meeting" with the mayor of london over playing matches in the cit...
pointless. as to quote any random brit off the street, "i'd rather watch 5 days of cricket end in a draw than rounders for dudes."
thanks for connecting liv! we look forward to following more of your projects and wish you and the team of the best
thanks guys, good luck with your film
canada eliminates us from world cup of hockey contention, 4-2
we tried and then failed because of those northerners
ok busy lady, be safe!
i got to pull myself away from this. my back is killing me! :p
fitz threw for 374 against buffalo.
go with a harder drink.. you know we play miami and cleveland right?
yo where you working bro?
wb mason bro
at 6pm w ....wonder what we'll talk about....
perhaps stealing the line?
the reason shit sucks is cuz y'all forcing fake activism on people that don't know shit.
y'all don't even know shit lol
colin kaepernick voted nfl's most disliked player in recent poll
i love the guy
any particular reason why other than the sensitive gloss on the latter?
i just personally find it more aesthetically pleasing. handsome and classy. but again, 100% subjective.
do they know they weren't actually in politics
you kill dreams
i haven't either. too much work.
it's not fun either! the snapchat filters are too good
may pretend the fed feels the case for a rate hike is rising, but it will never rise high enough for the fed to actually raise them!
although don't you feel they have to raise so they can lower them later ?
awesome. these people piss me off. so much a pain in the azz.
right by rangers pen
i got it 17.5
wow that is crazy, when and where
the first prime minister who opened up an airbase to a foreign country that ordered terror attack on that airbase is modi. hyper chanakya
what do you think about this report ?
i was just so rude where i needed to be compassionate. damn who's the president, where do i report?
yoooo that was me yesterday, my coworker overheard me talking about how much she stinks and i couldn't sleep last night
i was always surprised at how much kids can sound like a herd of elephants through walls...
i wish a herd of elephants would come through here
disagree with philpot and king why would we give them minutes over archer . greggers morrison
in the league cup/efl trophy, i give those minutes to the young guys
tonight's web series are
. glad to be on your lineup! excited to see the others!
they will miss us when we die in the leftist irony wars
i will live on and ride upon my steed to rescue all the wayward fefos from the normie hordes
gosh this is rly rly cute omg!!! and i vote for the one on the right!!!
aw thanks! &lt;3
an approaching upper-level low is expected to bring showers to the area, especially ne nv for the next couple days....
for my favorite weatherman
return it as defective and say it was misleading. i've done that before. (it's true)
it's in one of those packages that you have to destroy to get the item out. i think i'm stuck with it.
remember romney's "47%" comment? here's 's version:
dt has the numbers all wrong. it's 99.9 percent that carry draft dodging bums like him while he screws the planet up. vote 4 hrc!
"respect decisions"? what the hell does that even mean?
to be pro-choice sounds enlightened &amp; tolerant...until you define what the choices are...in detail. then, it gets ugly.
breaking: wr corey coleman broke his hand in practice today
they're truly cursed
everyone who comes to long island on oct 15th wearing a salad hoodie gets love tix at ****
im still poor
who on the nets bench last year was better than chase budinger?
seriously half the team from last year is out of the nba
why am i tagged in this
i found it through your retweets :p
yes! hi2thegovna.
yaaasss. just followed.
woooowwww i just got a car wash yesterday and mother nature decides to rain for 10 minutes and ruin it wow
i washed and detailed 3 cars/trucks by hand like 3 days ago. i'm mad as fuck too
anytime you bring up kyle caplinger someone always says "the last time i saw that fool"
i dated him when i was 11
i was just so rude where i needed to be compassionate. damn who's the president, where do i report?
we change presidents almost everyday cus apparently these ppl ain't shit
what is your relationship with the tendencies
i absolutely have a problem of holding on to things, esp anything w sentimental value. hard to separate a memory/person...
black guy gets killed by police and they remind us of his past mistakes. white guy rapes a girl and they inform us of his future potential.
literally talked exactly about this in class today. we hear you. we will not stay silent.
somehow people are still lining up.
i was there yesterday and there was a line looping through the store.
omg is that guy proposing?! lol
yes he did lmfao, she said yes
i effectively always take the on-curve creature until i have all of my curve filled. you can basically always get tricks later.
i generally disagree with people taking seemingly on color combat tricks &gt;off color better creature in pack 1 or 2.
thanks boo! she's like the only person i text other than my cousins
lmao good! it be like that but it's way better lol
loving my bromance with , hes sooooo sexy !!!!!!
@ haha stop pulling our d*cks you didn't really mean it then nor now-ok going to hide now
here whenever you're ready
great meeting you today. see you on twitter!
at the moment. have been doing the digital nomad thing this year. germany next week for oktoberfest :)
very cool. got some aoc guys going there as well.
just how screwed up is the tight end position in for 2016? vance mcdonald has caught three passes and he's the no. 2 te.
pitta &amp; tamme are all the rage this week as far as tight ends go but rudolph has just as much targets as the both of them.
these are all rinos jealous baboonsw/ smelly vaginasusan
we just realizedhow stupidyou are don w/dead mosquito brain! blacks vote trump!
please dm me pictures of your dogs. hahaha
lmao wait for real?
haha, when asks to use the photo, you don't say no.
there should be a word in publishing for when you're super happy for a pal but also insanely jealous.
that woman on ur panel is
trump is reaching out2blk
i was too nervous to ask for a picture but signed my playbill. next time i'll do it! my birthday's tomorrow, and she made it great!
ahhhhhh!! happy early birthday! and we need a photo asap
trump has suffered 5 bankruptcies. four financial and one mental.
do i have to explain it to you!
boys who cum in 2.3 seconds don't deserve to dream big when it comes to girls. sit down.
selfish losers everywhere
fort lee mayor says he lied about bridgegate in editorial
mayor bollwage accuses gov. christie of shutting down 4th largest dmv in nj for political revenge
and the houston astros never lost another game in 2016 again......
well you don't play us again, so it could be possible
quite a treasure! froebel gallery is proud to be part of the history of art in the capital district:...
from 1992 exhibit dedicated to m dietrich gallery then at 247 lark ...
who tf is playing on the sony roof rn (they're good)
it's sofi tukker!!! ultra music throwing a party on the sony roof. it's loud. i'm jealous.
it ends up costing me $450 to do that :( i'm trapped!
what should i do? i feel very trapped. seems like i have to pay no matter what i do :(
send it in! i don't think it's been done and it's a good one.
you inspired me. i just submitted it with a bunch of others.
...for all black strife." they don't have to do shit, but i'm going to call it out. thanks, bless up.
lmaooo worry about yourself then we might get somewhere beloved
my family and i saw the show on sunday for my dad's birthday. you were fabulous!!! can't believe how much you sound like gloria!
thank you so much! xx
i absolutely have a problem of holding on to things, esp anything w sentimental value. hard to separate a memory/person...
from the physical representation of that person/era. but i'm learning &amp; getting rid of things genuinely makes me feel lighter
car selfies are lame but my new hair and lashes aren't - thank you at and
such a babe much love
i feel sorry for you in your ignorance,
clearly you were looking in the mirror when you tweeted that
for same panel (&amp; thank you for tolerating brainstorming): looking for specific scenes from oitnb &amp; you're the worst about mental illness.
when lindsay says to gretchen something like "it's back, huh?" two second moment but the one that most resonated for me.
how long browns wr corey coleman will be out is uncertain for now. but not good.
coleman w broken hand.depending on location,bone, &amp;shifted pieces, surgery could be possible.if metacarpal ~2-4wks rtp
how do we get apartment 3f officially recognized as a location on ?
the same way anything is created, take will and channel it into action #
let me know how git is working for you, hipster!
i have siri! but she doesn't know where the party is...yet...
oh word? as a driver? i need a winter job , what's goooood!
come apply bro
corey coleman suffers broken hand at practice: (via )
i think the browns are jinxed
who tf is playing on the sony roof rn (they're good)
it's !!! looks like ultra music is throwing a big party on the sony roof next door. it's loud. i'm jealous.
nothing will be the same as a bunch of my college friends and i watching john wick for the first time and shouting "oh shit" at everything
i watched nightcrawler, john wick, and interstellar all in one theater-going and that was the best night of my life
i bet- tough to match yesterday. good luck!
remember when i said nothing could beat yesterday? well, i think it's happening.
also, dexter did great at the neurologist today :&gt; and they said he looks great for a 9 year old pug. shouldn't need an mri or anything.
best news ever! glad to hear he's okay!
i just wanna have a good bday tomorrow :(
you'll be with me ??! so u will ????
always a classic
ur a classic
listen closeeeeee.. get the message? or are you to fixed on the fact that i did this in my living room? ...
a new one for you sir
sam harris | the anti-trump (episode 514) - the art of charm via
thanks linda! new fan of aoc?
it should say standing &amp; sitting
or let it be a free for all, fine. it's just silly the way it is!
every girls first crush is one of these boys
maybe every girl that will never find a husband
from the physical representation of that person/era. but i'm learning &amp; getting rid of things genuinely makes me feel lighter
still face feelings of guilt when giving away, say, a gift i never use or a piece of my grandma's jewelry i never liked
15 dollars forever. i've made a conscience decision not to take advantage of people knowing shoes cost 5-6 dollars...
why is every shoe size 10.5 sold out?
who tf is playing on the sony roof rn (they're good)
it's !!! looks like is throwing a big (private) party on the sony roof. it's loud. i'm jealous.
this saturday at 6pm we play for !! doors at 5:30 all ages!! presented by
nice photo!
fox news poll: trump tops clinton in battlegrounds nevada, n. carolina, ohio via the /
/ check out your own reporting! trump up by 5 points in nc. i don't know if your polls are correct ?
ugh, she's awful he deserves so much better.
i dont think shes awful at all if anything the game caused problems for them
= unindicted criminal these corrupt gope do nothing &gt;&gt;
their inaction is equally criminal.
go on then, provide a demonstration of the descent of all life from an original form.
genetics alone demonstrate it, but fossil record also supports it, try google all the information is there, ignoramus.
trump is reaching out2blk
invite mrs.king 2discuss
&amp; great podcast -- check it out on itunes episode 493. teresa even threw in a hockey analogy!
ha -thanks eric!
if you go on a run but don't log it via a fitness tracker, did it even happen?
it matters 2x
i was wondering if you've actually seen this (on facebook). it's basiclly my immediate reaction after havi...
ahh, no! i hadn't seen this- thank you so much! your words mean the world. xx
no. not obama. just systematic white supremacy. ever present since 1619
remove me please
that's exactly the one i got. here it is with a can of guinness.
dude, you got almost the same tv as me, guinness and deus ex. are you like my evil twin??
still face feelings of guilt when giving away, say, a gift i never use or a piece of my grandma's jewelry i never liked
bc i worry that it somehow reflects how much i love/remember them. even tho i know that's not rational
. obama has to get hillary in ! she will do and keep everything! trump will chang everything! no obama care! give job groth
he want her in - so all his crimes will be hidden !! he has no legacy
i think it's all . the rest are the other things that justify imho
absolutely need iphone 7 in black/jet black, otherwise people might think you only had an iphone 6/6s.
we asked readers to tell us what makes them proud to be hispanic or latinx. here's what they had to say:
my mexican heritage is my pride;i'm so proud of my brown skin ,my family;my mexican food.muchomachomexicanonyhugoperez
sadly no xbone version so not for me. then again, that's probably weeks of my time i saved right there.
i think you would like it! it's a bummer there's no xbox one version.
me and the boys
blast from the past hope we see more of you!
nice! say hi to all our boys!
actually bringing a ball and sharpie this time!
good luck to tonight to this handsome devil!
love you jamesy,always a winner in my eyes good luck and i hope you win !!! go james
i love trees as much as the next person, but brand new tree, brand new sidewalk in front of renovated hs, really?
oh my!! that's a big
readers interested in kardashians can drive traffic, but regular readers into hard news are more valuable, says.
but do journos need to be aware of biz implications of kardashians vs city hall? not necessarily, posits.
hell yeah lol i love not having a lot of friends lmao bitches be fake
hell yeh, the smaller the friend group, the tighter the circle. i talk to like one person and family that's it
look at the bright side, at least you were real enough to tell her and she knows better
the fucked up part is i wasn't real enough, i didn't know she was listening lmfao ugh
i would say that ava needs redpilling but she's beyond saving
most are. sad!
also must give a huge hell yeah you rock to all the big brother fans out there this season sticking with us through...
we dont agree on everything but your always rock solid and awesome
facebook auto-enlarging short text-only status updates? anyone else seen examples of this?
i see it alllllll the time, especially in search results.
wish me n my nigga had a house together so i can throw his ass out
you'd be that bitch to throw all the clothes out the window while he outside in his underwear
the cutest crackhead couple is sitting across from me on the train rn
this the realest love i've ever seen
i would pass out so quickly lmao
i don't think i'll be able to get up
we should drink wine and commiserate.
i was just looking at these nine bottles of wine thinking i really didn't want to have to pack them
. is currently having a solo professional glamour shoot done. thoughts ...
this is beautiful. and the hand clap is perfection. lookin good gelbs!
"i didn't want you to deny my request so i asked somebody else and now there's a gaping hole in security please help" - my end users
"i know you can barely find 5 minutes' work in a week b/c of politics but i'd like you to be in the office more" - my last boss.
omarosa, ben carson, don king, bobby knight are among those who've campaigned with trump and pence in ohio on stage today. electeds? none.
who cares follow, follows !!!!
damn fine catch by the mariners player hats off
i like goins -on toronto i think he will be a playoff performer
i generally disagree with people taking seemingly on color combat tricks &gt;off color better creature in pack 1 or 2.
obviously that's very general and factors like staying mono color can affect it, etc. but point stands, imo
yea and feedback on load times which team is working on addressing. load time feedback is 100% fair.
it's a good game even with minute ~ load timestamp. really enjoying it
i was like lol thatssss true!
definitely thought of what i texted you asking you for help... lmfaoo
must suck huh
lol ik its part of the bay nena but it's so excluded that it shouldn't even be apart
what's happening there?
an island-wide blackout
anybody made a visual showing the concentration of wealth over time from incumbents to founders+investors in co's like uber, airbnb, etc?
i'm a fan of 's take on it, sounds similar to what you're looking after
1) isn't a good negotiator - he's a people pleaser. he gets what he wants through lying &amp; double-dealing.
2) us prez whose word can't be trusted wd be catastrophic. wd throw gov't into chaos, &amp; destroy our rep &amp; influence abroad.
don king dropped the n-word while opening for donald trump this morning. what is even happening
another clown move in front of a clown candidate in this farce of an election. it's a scene from idiocracy or a farley movie.
scooby doo and the gang found the true villain is actually jason bay disguised as jay bruce
soooooo perfect!!
well, this video is the best thing to happen to me today. thanks
happy, lonely, empty streets
yw most beneficial for me so far on were &amp; will listen to them again.
aw so happy to hear!!!!
waiting on the cuffing season overall rating
what're u looking for
new: reporter in toledo presses abt fdn. stories. 1st answer i've seen from trump himsel...
non-college educated white people across the nation have fallen hook, line &amp; sinker for a glorified used car salesman. *smh*
fox news poll: trump tops clinton in battlegrounds nevada, n. carolina, ohio via the /
check your own reporting. up by 5. yesterday you quoted the monmouth poll which was the worst in florida all others up 4
hey congrats!
thanks man!
thanks for the impromptu run date! great 3.5 miles of hills &amp; chat!
yay so fun!
i'm the president
okay michi you can be president tm ania called dibs already
and ask this?
it is a good video. i would cut to 30 minutes mx.
when a death eater hides in the hand dryer.
"pull down for bacon in your eye"
whattt timeee
8/9 central
at what point does society remove this wiener for its own good.
hes clearly sick.
there's a ted talk somewhere in this
it's a ted talk arguing for self-inflicted nuclear holocaust to eradicate the human race from the universe
i'm grilling with a cold beer in my hand. where's your dad?
only way grilling is legit
weird. radical right-wing terrorist bombmakers threatening to kill thousands not injured while arrested....
it's not terrorism bcz they are white men
quite welcome!..great blog!
thank you so much for the love!! you rock!
closed-off area of mercer street in soho looking north and south
apparently police are saying it's because of a "suspicious package"
yes, run by google lobbyists. you are apparently ignorant of what is going on. see
you already told me all about it. no idea why you weight this as more important than personality disorders &amp; national security.
ootd ty last weekend. forgot the name of the folks who made this, but it was in the zine tent. anus kapoor w...
by these guys!
so i hit him with a "you can watch my fat a** twist boy as i bounce to the next dxck boy"
thts all i took from tht tweet lol
thought you meant electoral college voting. they aren't supposed to be voting. california may be different but not legal.
double pew on you for thinking i didn't know how the electoral college works
ugh, my mind read rainbows and sunshine but it was magic, not rainbows.
somehow i totally understood! she's rainbows too, so that's probably why.
i was chased in my car by a supporter &amp; then blown off by the cops please share this
your page can't be found try to put it up again
sorry sport. you made the bs claim. and it was a real jerk move. now run along.
you claimed without evidence those donations went to purpose other than charity. prove it, jackass!
alert: isis attacks us base in iraq with chemical weapon. developing...
i have family serving there! prayers for our soldiers
"jay looks for a notary public" great jim jarmusch movie
great tweets guys
and ask this?
the higher theme is not explored yet but the practical is. what are they after? is it a delusion?
math isn't hard enough what if... all the values could just change whenever fives are now twos
while only a handful of langs let you do something like this, i wonder if there's an actual use case
ok. sorry....but i see tons of them in florida. it's a little strange.
yeah i agree, if the pup can walk, walk!
madison square and i have no idea
are they serving free alcohol because i'm currently camped out by a magical beer fountain
i ment to add after work. still employed here
still goals i been outta town for like a week now
even in my imagination i couldn't have foreseen this.
holy hell. this is way too grotesque and i'm not easily disturbed.
when isis commit atrocities they proudly say they do so in the name of their religion.
they can say anything, or use anything. so?
bro its like i wanna play cod but then again all ive been playing in cod are 2v2s and i despise thos, i play 4s and put em in the dirt baby
wing me in 4's dawg
respect for - he asks open-ended questions and then sweeps in with insight.
so do all my former profile subjects just hang out together now?
oh wow. i'm 25 in a month. that's old.
at least you still have a full month. i barely have less than two weeks until i enter my mid/late 20s.
and ask this?
i don't think angels are delusions but they need to reach a way to understand them. often understood biblically as females.
how about matt kalil, any idea what the hip injury could be?
details on known, but could be labral tear.
the tank is being executed to absolute f***ing perfection. these guys are geniuses.
what if philly makes the playoffs
this cold brew got me like
share. i'm out.
i can't own my apt so idc about it but my 3 series is mine. rims are always armor all'ed and wax is always fresh.
u remind me of my uncle he cleaned his car daily, i'm to lazy to clean my truck
what keeps me awake at night? the idea that humans may outlaw robotic labor so humans can have jobs. it's a disgusting way to treat humans.
so far we're pretty terrible at spreading the wealth. if we got better at it, this wouldn't happen.
all as well behaved as this one?
i wonder what his mother did for fun?
would love to have her with us at ! got approved but didn't accept yet :) looking forward to ur acceptance
i will do! need to get access to my mailbox :)
the 6 month trial applies to individuals accounts but not families/teams. did you sign up for one of those?
i am not sure to be honest, i was just looking for other options besides last pass. lol. and i really like yours how can i tell.
great day building bikes with colleagues for a great cause.
great day building bikes with colleagues for a great cause.
samantha bee: we should be worried if roger ailes helps with trump's debate prep
no, lots of people think he will crash and burn.
i'm watching bridge to terabithia i'm ready to cry
i remember one time the girl that did my eyebrows for me said i look like the girl from this movie
my hair back then
you look so good
tcm is airing the '25 wizard of oz on oct 2! discover all the awfulness here: (don't say i didn't warn you)
oh, i'd rather be tied to some railroad tracks! :p
through i met on web con in 2015, then &amp; team
the world is so small!
in all seriousness i hope not....i hope he finds himself and starts delivering all the way to world series!
we all agree!!! but for now.... rotflololololol
and ask this?
they are the other half in the identity of man.
geo's safety tips of the day: breathing in fragments of lead paint and walls built with asbestos is bad for you
i've been living my life all wrong
remember, folks... if you're white and a trump lover, it's sooo much worse to have a liber...
we all support the police with our taxs.
exactly lmao
trust me i would
blue bell is recalling cookie dough ice cream over listeria concerns
this is the same ice cream company that had this issue in texas about two years ago
come on now, it's visualisation not visualization.
depends which side of the atlantic you are ;)
graffiti in an abandoned mental institution.
it was someone's great novel in their mind,wonderful who?
different day &amp; location
there really s lot of fan pictures though really cool!
and ask this?
i don't think our nation has recognized the other half of man. only woman.
that's out of our hands and is irrelevant to the analysis.
so number one pick and a late first is watson and an impact defender, yeah?
is this the line for the giant dumplings?
i think so. this is a sign from g-d to go buy them.
if one represents you, knock yourself out. but seriously should reconsider slamming o for things trump does too
when did obama get into the conversation ? i'll be happy to slam him tho .. the traitor globalist he is
when you look at dirk by the numbers, establishing a prime is hard
probably mid to late 00s was his absolute consistent apex. always wonder what it'd have looked like if nash stayed
lrt @ colin: what the fuck hello
i love this picture
i can't believe my uber driver in detroit has a ba in sociology from nyu &amp; a degree from yale divinity school. this is insane.
did he sign up to be an uber driver because he could not get another job, or because he wanted to be a driver?
this is the first time that i have been alone away from my daughter and i hate it
so excited to meet her when i get back!
iowa is just one of those records that doesn't get old. you could put that out now and it would still be huge.
lived on corey taylor's block in high school.
predicting brangelina's split became a tabloid punchline. covering their divorce could get ugly.
here's an idea, let them deal with something so emotionally private, privately.
where is this from?
there's also part 1 i believe linked
welp, it's officially official!
congrats!!!! they don't make it the easiest process from what i hear so congrats on getting it done!
we trust trump, say two women who don't think he will do anything he promises to do
in my experience talking to voters there's a fairly large contingent that think big successful business man will figure it out
myles garrett and ask me again in april.
so myles over watson, huh? interesting.
stop calling songs "bangers"
fine, using choons from now on.
dude: "you like young jeezy and kanye. tuh. wait til u hear this" *puts on immortal technique* me: i want too die
i still listen to jedi mind tricks unironically
i finally saw a real life pregnant asian woman
pictures? because i've never seen
is it bad i still cream in my pants over the custom af 4wd 845 hp 1965 mustang video???
that's gross
we trust trump, say two women who don't think he will do anything he promises to do
certain cult of personality appeal much much more than muslim ban/wall, etc..
triple g and canelo need to happen
ain't gunna happen, canelo don't wana get knocked out
they need a show called kitchen raiders so i can go into ur kitchen &amp; eat everything i find
yo room raiders.. making me clean my room everyday since lmfaoooo
congrats bro. good luck
thanks homie
if you sign in at it's individuals. if you have a custom subdomain, it's families or teams...
aww its a custom subdomain :( what is the difference just that?
travis strikes out, and even with the successful sac bunt in the proper situation, don't score. 1-1 to bot10.
a microcosm of toronto's season: a lead-off double and a failure to drive him home. atrocious clutch hitting in 2016.
it was on my time hop yesterday u gave ur self a cuffing season rating...it was gold
ider text me that
no, seriously. do you wanna party with us on a large boat?? the adult swim tyrannic sails out of nyc 10/8/16.
will the food options be better this year? or should i still plan to eat before hand....
important lesson: don't just focus on making money. make time for family, friends, health.
what is it that you actually do for work? has a media company. i want to see if your all sizzle or steak..please clarify
not much, you?
same just going crazy over that justin spoke french
i literally refuse to believe that any of y'all actually like this frank ocean album
it's literally in lp form
trump reminds me of the character bruce willis plays in die hard. brave, heroic, rough around the edges with heart of gold, no bs guy.
why don't you two just get a room already?
hi ian - channel 2 news here. may we use your photos? we will credit. thanks!
with credit, yes.
well, im just beside myself. safari introduces picture-in-picture and you turn tail.
wait i haven't tried that feature yet
"obscuring nuances" could also be said of milk or hazelnuts. who cares, so long as the product's delicious in its own right?
totally. vanilla has many nuances as well as one of the only low threshold flavors enjoyable in large doses.
- if that's all the menu has, i'm not buying. i'll just keep looking, thank you.
i'm still in trumps camp i like my guns and scotus pics thank you
amy i'm dying this is going to be so cute!!!!!
aw thank you bb! i'm nervous bc it's such a big change but keep telling myself hair grows in case it turns out badly!
sorry we may have to miss tonight. my human is mia... he better come home later with a big bag of snackies...
i wonder if your human is with lady because she's not home yet.
i never clean anything. my car is a rolling dirt bomb
facts i've had my whip 6 months haven't been to the car wash not once
i imagine a rhinestoned chastity belt or golden strap on would be about right
i would think so too,i can see that
so appreciate you joining in, tracy.
it's off to a great start!
just found out that you can shop williams-sonoma's outlet store online so this will be dangerous...
so uh yeah, anyone have a good reason why i shouldn't get this for myself??
that's fucking ridiculous. host your old documentation.
i see you're still impressed (ahem) with go (guess whose favorite lang already does the aforementioned)
it's completely needed sometimes hahah
i saw jeremy n told him nothing happened and he was like uh huh.. and i'm like uh no fucking really lmao
like lighting crew takes care of lighting and sound crew (i'm in) takes care of the music and stuff etc.
//oh i actually want to be part of theatre now
lol what's that
just like a blog site. you're probably better off with tumblr though because of the age group you want to target.
intimidation and torture of a ln by threat of death to start with. allowed his troops to beat up the guy.
west shot a gun next to his head &amp; avoided an imminent attack on his troops.
i used (and loved) that service for awhile earlier in the year. luckily never ran into that issue.
yessss glad to hear! thanks david - we miss you!
wtf!!?? breaking hillary clinton foundation honors wife of convicted terrorist &amp; bomb maker!
i'm tempted to say unbelievable but we are talking about the dnc and killary.
im speaking in the third person. that's many people s mentality
my ex use to hate when i talked like that lol
recore is amazing phil should be a new franchise
i think even if it doesn't sell, reciepe for a good ip, make bigger game, better engine, will grow imo but risk
good evening. please follow and dm us with the account number so we may assist you with your inquiry. thank you. ~wh
thank you! dm sent
here's a little look at january from my 2017 calendar!! if you like it, you can pre-order here on !!...
thanks for reminding
i can't name 1 team in the playoffs
i can't name one wnba team period
a 9mm ruger was found in inside left pocket of finicum's denim jacket. gun had one round in the chamber.
is this the gun he was reaching for? why only one round, i wonder
checking in on mom and the pr blackout
lol had to check on my family to crazy shit
hey all, i'm here at taking your questions now!
come by sometime!
when you find out your husband was sexting minors while you were busy putting bread on the table.
even worse he's a parent. minors?? sick man!
try enoteca ursino pkg read reviews: /
what was failed n thinking of can't find w gps in daylight-good luck at night
well we all know how much you guys hate government issued ids.
yes, as fed courts held overtly racist gop voter suppression policies are reprehensible.
i love kaskade. always been about the music and scene. class act right there. he cares so much
not a fan of his work but i do respect what hes all about
i have excelled myself with my packing. which means i have probably forgotten most of what i need.
going on tour with nathan
we regret to inform you that you'll be this person forever
that sucks so much!
debate stage is prepared and ready
oh, snap! that's going on facebook! my passive-aggressive frenemies will love it.
most of them let you do it, just not with the numeric types in their core libraries.
ruby maybe lets you do that, as every int is an object with a unique object_id... but it would be super hacky
. is more than just a great running mate-he's a great guy to have as a friend, too.
are you saying you don't know much about the guy you picked...or was picked for you...to be vp...1sec from pres?
here's a video of hippos eating watermelons to take your mind off the terrible, awful, no-good state of us politics
i think at least one of those watermelons was pre-cut!
did you convince him to let you in?
nope just waiting for my roommate
i hate that obama eats well in nyc and in la he gets roscoe's chicken and waffles. i think the president needs to read the eater 38
i remember when he went to canter's. canter's?!
if the answer is "there's a fetish for that," then yes.
there's a fetish for that?
bored so in light of me getting a phone in two days/turning 20 in three i'm posting photo sets of the adventures i've had since i was 13
i was home for like three days over the summer
. on our efforts to deal with a dangerous world.
then why have you not funded zika virus med? also why no climate change work????
let my personal doctor break down all of the nfl's major injuries. he circumcised me last week
breaking it down every day/wk
i'm not throwing dirt on anything. i'm saying it shouldn't be about one race. it should be about equality.
which is what us blacks want, equality. we know all lives matter, others however dont see that.
sad that this is the first time i've been hit on by a cute guy in a hot minute
now more people are tryna talk to me?? my hair is in a ponytail, i look atrocious today. what's going on?
whoopi goldberg in vetements is my aesthetic
who wore it better?? 9/10 people get this wrong
and ask this?
then stop your fuckbuddies &amp; the military guarding the 97% of the world's poppy fields the us govt owns from slangin
thank you nevada, north carolina &amp; ohio! we are going to !!
have your dad drop out.
. is more than just a great running mate-he's a great guy to have as a friend, too.
b ready for monday, stay on message, provide the path for him to crash n burn. be ready!
if you're using families/teams and it's just you, go to the settings menu in the web app to switch.
is the individual plan cheaper yearly? cause ya i don't need a family plan. just one for myself.
. wormhole parade is honestly one of my most favorite songs of all time. dear followers, buy it
aw, shits. thank you for listening!
finally got baby to sleep to jerry garcia band bootlegs. this baby is taking the whole "i'm from san francisco" thing very seriously.
gonna blast him some television when i get there
lmfao!!! alex noo she "loves" you
bell please stop
come back soon
omw!!!! peep the location
just watched the end of a car chase that apparently started in san leandro and ended on redwood road in castro vall...
the car had a severely damaged tire, passerby said it was a spike strip.
i know, he's so cute
it's so attractive
6pm et ! join and his "angels"!
how about advising ppl how to make money e.g
join my schools. talk to me. come here bbu
i can't //i'm stuck in a highschool where i can't make friends
eeeeee!!! yes yes yes
you are one of my pixie hair style icons! &lt;3
ok but nothing looks good on my body since it is the shape of a stick so :)
actually same....
nothing. why?
i need you to do a shoot of me and my brother when he gets off work. you can use my camera, &amp; i'll position everything lol
ahhh you're one of those that jumped ship?
i just never got much into in the first place. don't share on ig stories much either.
would u like to have one???
maribel, where do you find these things, lol? i live in ny, and i don't come across this stuffstepford wives creepy
not wieners periscopes (which are probably full or rape fantasies) but periscopes
that would be watching child child porn if u watched wieners periscopes
i just finished this book. soooo good.
i can't wait for the movie! i'm almost done with
yeah but they're really nice donuts
masterpieces are great at keeping standard cards price lower. at least they were in bfz not the same thing what kns did for fetches
would you be interested in a collabo with wetransfer to offer the lb albums that aren't available anymore as a free download?
de la did it with their catalog, short term free download for the heads with big promo push by wetransfer to get it out.
it depends on if you paid full price or got it used or a $40 one with a slight chip in it from marshall's!
some friends got some 3rd hand....that's def more ecofriendly than buying new but idk re: anticapitalist lol
watched the most ridiculous korean horror film last night
the one with that doll or?
i hear the jet black is less slippery. thoughts?
yes, it feels a tiny bit rubbery in a grippy way.
here it is ! our first trailer ! via
this looks quite nice. is there a demo?
you will love her
so excited! i'll come over next week
this is very strange. the whole thing. any room in courtroom?
plenty of room, it's just a waiting game. but unfortunately you had to be in past security before 6:00.
bro what happened???
oh this is from when we got fired from bbv &amp; i didn't have health insurance, cool huh? it's more like $750 w all the fees added
nothing. why?
i need to finish this project i'm doing and need pics for it.
*...believe in oneself &amp; all that one is. know that there is something inside one that is greater th...
*...live as if one was to die tomorrow. learn as if one was to live forever. one who won't die for something is not fit to live...*
that's actually on the teleprompter he reads ... no joke look it up .. why? i don't know .....
i think obama was off the prompter today. that's when he does that the most.
i hate that obama eats well in nyc and in la he gets roscoe's chicken and waffles. i think the president needs to read the eater 38
maybe he should get chicken and waffles at howlin' ray's. after his presidency. when he has more time.
pressure cooker found under major deegan expressway in the bronx; bomb squad on scene (pho...
this is not a terror cell
the car had a severely damaged tire, passerby said it was a spike strip.
driver was sticking his head out of the car &amp; making a gun symbol at his head while weaving through traffic followed by cops &amp; a fire truck
whats your email?
oh we figured out the music thing a long time ago duder. our buddy took care of us. thanks though!
fryday! stay in the moment now/here
might get this in ink 3d style. thanks.
, ? now is not the time to get fucking about &amp; his guys 's
aaah yeah, ! now you know what meant by ! &amp;
lol and i'm good for putting it in a dumb spot so i can't crop it out
lmaooo wow, yes that's the main problem actually! gotta do better
but the thrill is gone too soon! lol
and that's when u order more lol
browns wr corey coleman suffered a broke hand in practice: no timetable on injury
when it browns it pours
the lost, but at least they helped the astros get one step closer to keeping the yankees and tigers out of the wildcard game!
just hope they sweep rangers this weekend. i will be at all 3 games and want excitement please.
the australian media, every few days for the foreseeable future: "one nation senator says mind-bogglingly fucked thing"
oh, did you upgrade to democracy america edition? hope you have a backup to run a stable version.
if i never see jay bruce play again for the it will be too soon.
what if he finds his stroke again ?!?
hold off until she thanks him for said friendship.
i assume his heart is true, and that he's a pal and a confidante
i never saw my neighborhood this empty!! this is so crazy
hey frankie, donie here at cnn. can you follow me to dm?
construction cost balloons by $3million after discovery of crumbling walls
this project will never end.
low low key can't wait to do a makeover with you
hit me with the contour hahahah girls night soon
driver was sticking his head out of the car &amp; making a gun symbol at his head while weaving through traffic followed by cops &amp; a fire truck
very disturbing, but it looks like it ended without lethal force.
two hour delay on my flight and now there is a mechanical issue with the plane. so how are you going to make this up to everyone?
hookers and blow?
nah, it's fine. just like playing wack a mole.
too freaking cute!
lol aww dang it your one of them
smh yes i am and proud
wonder if this was a surprise
...to everyone on trial at this point
this presumes people make millions because they work hard. ask a laborer: does hard work equal high income?
if hard work = high income, a million dollars would be an exhausting level of work and mean it's time for rest
that one time thomas friedman suggested we arm isis to counter iran
i mean aren't we doing something similar in syria lol
there are people who encourage and facilitate creativity and there are people who drag it behind the shed and beat the shit out of it.
and there are people who have sex with it when it's asleep then pretend like they didn't
yep! it's a little cheaper. you can convert if you like from the web app.
hmm i am not seeing where i can convert it. :( and i just paid the 59$ for the year how can i get that fixed lol
isn't that what decaf is for?
it doesn't give me the fuzzies on the inside.
i'm really tired of white people quoting mlk out of context to black people. if you love mlk so damn much, why did y'all kill him???
believe me,if we cldve knocked off ppl like evil lbj the whole world wld be different.sadly,i'd a done lbj but i wasnt born
is there something we can assist you with, matt? ^ty
please dm me
what if they were transition lenses??
remember??!?!?!?!
yeah i can help y'all out lol
ok i just told him let's hope he says yes lol
we need to get yo ass a chain wallet
xmas gift (':
damn i need to do this, i only get as far as "ooooo this ones dope" and then boom making a beat all of a sudden
i feel u dude haha. the task requires serious honor and sacrifice
why nerdy white herbs always love angry asian girls
is that his wife,
do u remembah, the twenty first night of septembah
love ew&amp;f. so sad we lost maurice white this year
mt : conference committee - !
leftist will be leftists,the problem is quisling rinos-like pukes mccain &amp; mcconnell accepting obama's idiocy
nash wouldn't have reached his true potential either
i did enjoy the year nellie played antoine walker next to dirk at the 4/5 w/ nash lol
the people spreading hate are either misinformed or just plain assholes and either way i wont deal with hate on twitter
there is no reason for it people hating on two of the best people in the house
this just cracked me up honestly
lol it's more common that people think. i've seen it and it's ridiculous
recording for the new ep
oh, i wish i were there! i'd play those drums like no other. i do play drums now, kaya. i'll always sing, too. one love. xox
why nerdy white herbs always love angry asian girls
she probably low matinence and loves anal
happy birthday ! hope you're having a good one, take a shot for me tonight
thanks cuz it's a must you already know
some friends got some 3rd hand....that's def more ecofriendly than buying new but idk re: anticapitalist lol
i got mine at one of the horrible discount malls, i'm pretty sure that's the least radical way to end up hee
if i dress up real nice can you take my headshot?
school picture day
best thing about is the picture discovery! love this
look at this crew!
hit me with new clothes
personal stylist coming your way
i still find it weird when my professor says "have a nice weekend" and it's 9 am on a wednesday
you didn't even go to your mining class today smh
i was home for like three days over the summer
switzerland with the fassa clan
keep your coffee cozy with a mickey coaster from .
i would rather hot glue gun my eyes shut than go through that process. ugh!
the jimi hendrix experience in billboard, december 1968
another time in our past
and they are going to make your friends jealous.
this is going to boost my confidence so much.
when oomf quits texting me and then snaps me and continues to not text me at all
get over it
hillary would be the worst prom date ever! and other political truths tonight on w...
but a grateful one.
had he simply surrendered and done what he was told, he'd likely be alive now
failure to obey a cop's directions is not cause for summary execution! the he'll is wrong with you?
"describe yourself with 3 fictional characters."
liam is my boy but he needs to know which girl he wants and stay with her. he should sit steffy and hope tell talk them both
hey, i thought was cool. just curious - how many sign-ups? are you looking for code contributors?
thanks! signups 6x'd in the past ~week, but still counting in hundreds. def looking for contributors
safest thing to do is arm both sides and you know i'm right
perhaps the truth is somewhere in the middle
i can't wait to receive u
i'll throw your hubby in the mail too
my rips end up at my knees
but do they start at ur knees tho
i tweeted this in 2014. how is this statement looking now?
relative to what? so much has happened in the past few years, complete change in nuts&amp; bolts of discourse.
an amazing night with beautiful people
i always wish ppl a good time with good ppl. i'm glad you got both! xo
never in my life
how's that trifling tho
i'm going make this clear everytime you take something or hold me back u look stupid &amp; i'll block you.
i'm gonna do it to u &amp; a younger u so give me my crap already &amp; get out my life! i dont want u in it.
i believe after this we'll need better trophy checkin methods
lmaooo wtf is going on in this gaming world
it can't possibly be worse than asn.1, which is in stdlib ... actually, scratch that, they are both pretty bad
there's a faq entry i wrote covering my views. asn1 should've been internal had it been possible then.
aaah yeah, ! now you know what meant by ! &amp;
yeah boy! now you know what meant by ! &amp; hoes
*...live as if one was to die tomorrow. learn as if one was to live forever. one who won't die for something is not fit to live...*
*never let the future disturb one. go meet it, if need be, with the same weapons of reason which today arm one against the present.*
recently had the "idk should i grow it out?" struggle and am so happy to be settled on this. it's my hair for life
it looks so good on you!
am i all of y'all's boyfriend? seems like i'm all of y'all's boyfriend. are y'all down with that?
. definitely 100% yes, absolutely
we need a president who sees the best in all of us.
what about those super predators?
i have soooo many feelings right now and i don't even know where to start...
my dms if u neef
raleigh nc that's where i'm from and at&amp;t is better than them i can already tell.
i'm in brooklyn and is pretty good. i think they're good in dense cities. not sure how urself is
who is hyped for this pack? over 1000 stocks, lighting, psds, ccs, tips, particles, explosions, and more!
lol my part is like 180mb dont get too excited for my shit guys
you know you're out of shape when you go to the beach and you can feel everyone dressing you with their eyes.
i say, rip those imaginary clothes off! be careful though, i've lost several layers of skin.
is he the one who also does "donald duck" voices to himself?
you'd better go out and listen what he says martin.
meet 16 inspiring women and alumnae of the fellowship program.
thank you so much for sharing :) we &lt;3 the wwc community!
shit man, i'm so sorry that blows...i wish for the best dude
yea it's pretty much bullshit. had to set up $20/mo payments so they don't garnish my wages. when it rains it pours right?
ok yep i wasny expecting this to happen
u just worked magic!! of course that would happen
may i introduce you to ocam's razor? how about if i introduce you to reality?
what is this "false flag" conspiracy theory bullshit? makes no sense!
to celebrate the nasdaq all time highs i have 10 questions each for and if they are game ....
10 is a lot. how about one?
wait.... you're not going to the bronx? where are you headed?
i thought i was!
i was being polite. did you just google the definition?
i did - i was impressed by your language skills ( for once )
or maybe a better question is when did the internet actually start to _matter_ to you? was there a specific community or platform or thing?
i only started making friends on bbses around the age of 10 or so... when the internet came around, it already mattered to me
heads up: get to radio. petros papadakis on next and he's piiiiiiiiiissssssssed off!
can't make it squishy! can't stand the dudes voice!
you were just there right? i need to check out your review!
yep which town are you going to?
saw that earlier. didn't see a spot for promo code. maybe i overlooked
should be a place to insert promo code on this page
the best kind to have! ...
yes indeed!
i swear by my tenderfoot camp fire badge, my mickey mouse club card, and my man from u.n.c.l.e. decoding device :)
wow! that is awesome!
if you didn't know today is the lady day to get chicken and rice. she won't be selling it anymore
this isn't real no way
i have no fear for you tbh, you are gonna rock the shit out of this it's so easy to imagine already. and yes, hair grows!!!
aww thank you love!
um... where is that your board?
in our new community product roadmap blog please feel free to leave your commentary here brian!
on tomorrow's , we'll be chatting with about players whose dynasty value is drastically changing. any requests?
lockett, watkins
my hired actor pulls off a great imitation of steve. you know. before steve died in july
there you have it folks.
from book 3, out today!
not gonna lie, this book is awesome. i absolutely love the colors!
i am absolutely disgusted right now. a customer just said that if a cop sees a gun on your person they have every right to shoot you and
i'm so over people. smfh.
do you remember all the bb winners of ?
jeff 2x britney frank elissa donny james
come to my country
baecation?
hey all. one of my students is doing a 24 hour stream hype for extra life!! good cause. donate now.
he's playing a video game live for 24 hours straight to raise money to buy consoles for children's hospitals.
yes, i will be clicking 's "happy birthday" button all day long for the s.
happy birthday!!!!
let's meet at breakfast tomorrow!!
absolutely!
thanks for all the happy birthday wishes, you guys. getting old kinda sucks, but this makes it better. and hey, 69's the new 68!
thanks so much for all the thrills &amp; chills &amp; scaring the life out of me w/yr great work! happy birthday. hope molly behaves
ahhhh i see it. promotions. thanks!!!!
you're welcome
low maintenance? lolllllz
out of all my women i've had my asian boo gave me the least drama
1 is too few ... how about 5
how about i will keep answering as long as i find them interesting (max of 10)?
earthquake, typhoon, or economy?
economic, isolationism, ripe for military beat down, population growth is horrendous. list goes on.
ugh. i'd rather lick someone's ass than eat this.
mash it up so its all ugly
no, they're not qualified, generally.
wow, you just laid your racism out there for all to see. holy shit!
switzerland with the fassa clan
me and nads running around europe
he was just like "can i be in the photo" and i was like "sure!!!" and was like damn whos mans....
oh my god wheres the pic
i still find it weird when my professor says "have a nice weekend" and it's 9 am on a wednesday
you didn't even go to your morning class today smh
sometimes i really want to open up on social media and talk about things that hurt or bother me but i know it isnt wise. it makes me sad ._.
isn't there an app for this called whisper? tbh, i thought about making another twitter for this reason.
can someone point out the difference between these gifs?
i see no difference.
graffiti in an abandoned mental institution.
someone's great novel, in their head...wonder who?
clearly not what trump thinks they like about him
yeah, i don't know how large it is and how much it's people just saying that instead of other stuff.
she really don't believe that i don't talk to anyone lmao???
i know you don't talk to anyone , i just have a feeling someone is gonna try and reel you back in
. shall we?
oh shit yeah!
had some alone time today ...so i went grocery shopping by myself if you want to know how naughty i can be
did you at least loiter around the cucumbers?
some old albanian lady called my hair beautiful :)
(and then called me cute i think she tryna fukkkkkkk)
the ny premiere of starts now! bless 's mom for taking selfies with fans.
omg wait i wanna come
i only had to tweet it 3 times to omit the grammatical errors haha!
our little secret
more white men are killed by cops then blacks look up statistics it's just this false narrative that puts blacks in news
that very fact should be a point of concern for you! and for us all. the police need to stop killing people
maybe we lay off the neo crusades for a couple generations i dunno
there was a pretty entertaining book by some right wing neocon a while back that was basically that
annnd i got a picture with 2x gold medalist &amp; team usa captain of womens h2o polo, , with her rio bl...
glad you were there!
ok i'm (embarrassingly) new to podcasts so, long on ignorance. thanks for letting me know!
overcast is also great, just to suggest another option.
grace jones sounds like it was rocking tonight. great day in the sun for mother and . it's harder to put stuff on for people to
go to these days but they've got the stones to do it, often for less high profile acts. fair play.
happy 18th birthday to my fave who's 263 miles away
my snap life is a mess but love u
once the ep is out i will save ya a copy. thanks for the support.
for sure. always! :)
feel like i'm fighting off all these middle school students to see the griswolds like hot damn can us senior citizens get priority please??
booooi the griswolds sf show is 18+ i'm so
does anyone know of cameras with lensing (even built in) that can be used directly for webcam-like streaming? hopefully without capture card
. we use a gh3/gh4 hdmi out with hdmi to usb for streaming, etc -
;) don't worry, i was only teasing (myself and all of us). le creuset stuff is gorg.
oh i know but i still feel the guilt! it does last a long ass time too
the sun at 30,000 frames per second
mercury transit? a very cool gif.
q: what changed on the birther q? trump: "well i just wanted to get on with, i wanted to get on with the campaign."
it took trump five years to figure this out. and he's going to deport 11 million people quickly?
make sure you steal someone's tweet and pin it so everyone knows just how creative you really are
mind if i "borrow" this?
stop-and-frisk (1) is already in place; (2) doesn't really work; (3) suggests trump isn't really seeking af-am votes
and then there's the whole ruled unconstitutional thing, too.
i love that she's au naturel - showin herself in different dimensions. &amp; i dig how's she's unapologetic goin ham in video.
i wonder is she has insecurities? she's fearless! something i need to work on personally.
white nationalists using russian social media network vkontakte to organize hate campaigns in us
once again, russia and the right intersect.
should we setup an 8 player smash event with and myself at /...
fuck yeah! that would be so much fun to watch!
lmfaoooo i don't want your gifts
y'all don't like gifts anymore, lemme take that off my list
maybe we lay off the neo crusades for a couple generations i dunno
the war after armageddon, it's hilarious if you want a fun/dumb read
i saw the customizations for sun/moon and saw two things. one, thongs. two, we can make junko from danganronpa.
the worlds are colliding and i'm not sure how to feel about this.
do you know what i would give for a remake of roger dodger with jay as the campbell scott character
as he was leaning against my sixth floor desk today, kang threw some ladies' man wisdom my way
. told the truth about and via
hillary does not no what the truth and she has no integrity
ahhh thnks for this. will def check. it. outttt.
you're most welcome. =)
only over $19 trillion in debt, this doesn't show the shadow banking debts... more like shady banking debts.
it's wed 89% to 13 families. once 361m americans realize that the bis will fall and so will this retarded system
don't wife a girl that drinks smirnoff ice for fun
it's the easiest to chug
video: smh: woman talking on her cellphone runs over three kids playing in the parking lot!
. fuckery and stupidity reign!!! doesn't even surprise me anymore...
if it looks like a ball feels like a ball i'll run with it
could be some serious underlying talent waiting to be unlocked there. future england rugby player maybe?
that's a fact. if the truth is racist, so be it. i live with them. do you?
yes. next door neighbors r black &amp; son arrested 4 walking while black.
chicago pd adding 1000 new officers following violent summer.
and mum is the word from anyone on the violence over there.
auntie: why are you saying i thought u were taiwanese. dont u guys say ? fuh ive been in mainland china too long.
if she were shanghainese she's say
oh cool. where was that?
here at . internal only, but i hope to expand it and give it at a developer conference soon.
quality assurance. so often a dropped ball in dev...as is training to maintain the system
tricky question: who manages qa? big job.
he is a globalist!!!! are all globalists!!! wake up america - should not be a big surprise!!
that family has lost all respect &amp; credibility.
donald trump has a long history of questioning barack obama's legitimacy to be president.
trump is an hitler wannabe
this is the last time i had short hair, about 5 years ago
my short hair cut will work perfectly with my costuming plans! halloween: eleven, december sailor moon art show: cosplaying as myself
(subtle plug for you to follow me spotify) (jk)
once im off mobile!!
good morning twitterworld
gorgeous view, have a great evening!!
my class ends @ 8:30 tho
dang it lol i need 7:15 lighting lol..i gotta do something in la this weekend but when i get back we'll do the shoot.
in refusing to back rome's bid for the 2024 olympics, the city's mayor said games "will bring only debt"
. smart guy
he's playing a video game live for 24 hours straight to raise money to buy consoles for children's hospitals.
i just donated $20. right now i have the highest donation amount which means i get to choose the color he dyes his hair afterward this.
i know i'm an old fogey, but i remember when nyc taxi cabs didn't have usb phone charging ports in the backseat.
in my day, our smart phone ran out of power on the way into the city and we liked it!
that damn blue line. gets 'em all the time.
didn't eddie westfall say there were darts being shot from the benches to cause that
i just backed re/collection - a short film on
thanks man!!!
. fuckery and stupidity reign!!! doesn't even surprise me anymore...
horrible like what convo was this important
this is awesome
no room for is that, meat sandwich or abuv the shoulders?
why don't you step aside and allow the more popular and honest candidate you cheated to return to the race?...
she's going to. mark that down i said it in april.
november is dangan time.
i can't handle all of this desbear.
kind of a compliment? lol
here trine start a price war tbh
i'm not sure if my private loans r eligible. anyway you slice it i have to buy a house (figuratively) before i can buy my own.
private loans tend not to be eligible. do you have any fed loans?
how do you do all the facial expressions? i can only do one, and its this. :|
i have no idea i just play around with the faces open the mouth really move it around try diffrent lines
reason for the low number of players?
injuries and they dont have a jv team. outside of that may be a bigger issue of not as many people playing football
found this airwave beauty a few weeks back. not sure on the genre tho lol
airwave is a bae amongst baes
a peculiar american cognitive dissonance is that people care more about not being seen as racist than not being racist
that's well put
a tribute to my best friend, my grandma, the nanz on
sending so, so much love. thank you for sharing the nanz &amp; her light w/ your readers, she was so special! cyber hugs to you
nice, i will look for that. we just adopted our 4th kid.... a busy season for sure. where is next year?
wow, that's awesome! congrats
rip rob ford
how dare aubrey tell at rih at the club
kind of a compliment? lol
here tryna start a price war rn
is this different from selecting "narrow" or an alternative fov other than wide in previous versions?
yes it's still a wide fov but lens corrected
that's the plan in november
oh the 29th of november was it? can i contact you in november? thanks sir!
$5 at grocery store &gt; fast food. i can make $5 wang
please give me a 5$ recipe bc i am struggling over here
these are amazing!
it has been fun! voice
preach em! jack you seem so much better than most guys i go to law school with &amp; i barely know you
guys your way too kind! thats standard. i would be stooked if i could be half as good as you all!
my day job is working w/ ceos of large companies. i haven't spoken with one who supports trump. he commands no respect in biz community.
made that clear at the convention
not at all haha. i didn't phrase my question well, i guess. i'm talking about the disrupted industries &amp; cascading effects.
ahhh, i haven't heard of anything like that, but i suspect it gets difficult to compare public companies to fantasy companies.
my class ends @ 8:30 tho
if not i'm just have one of my homies do it it's fine lol
proud to have board member presenting on besstech technology @ the investment conf today....
why is everything so orange?
snapchat it so everyone knows it's real
not basic enough bro, glad to see your alive after this weekend
i love max to death &amp; she's one of my favorite video game characters, but chloe.....is...i got a blue butterfly tattoo on her birthday okay
honestly, i was so upset for a split second when i thought your hair was actually brown. you're too chloe for that shit.
our cpm for game raven is $10 per cpm and we do 50k in traffic a month right now. if you're interested in advertising that's the baseline.
just writing that tweet seems surreal. 50k a month. just seems like weeks ago we were at 5k. thank you everyone!
*never let the future disturb one. go meet it, if need be, with the same weapons of reason which today arm one against the present.*
*...imagination is more important than knowledge. knowledge is simply limited. imagination encircles the world...* relativity
i just donated $20. right now i have the highest donation amount which means i get to choose the color he dyes his hair afterward this.
i'm thinking "monkey shit brown"? if you got a better suggestion, donate more than $20.
was feeling too to cook but i did make a sweet
very nice and healthy, enjoy your evening and dinner!!
what time are u on nowadays? between a's pre/post game &amp; the shuffle at i can't seem to find ur show.
i love me some dbruce, always keeping it
do i have to vote for trump now
do you want to jump out of a tank with a sword and murder "radical" muslims like they're zombies?
bill clinton calls cgi a 'profound advance' in philanthropy | getty
woman should be voting for any other female except clinton , those who vote for her have no integrity or standards
who won the 2nd roadkill comp?
i think frank won the 1st 2 rk comps
just sitting around the house tonight w my dog. felt like i should be doing something important, but couldn't put my finger on it.
we know what you meant . screw those guys
new low: disgraced anthony sorry after texts to 15-year-old revealed
he's sorry? his sorry ass should be in jail!
lolol they were cute together but it was akward/forced imo
yeah i think its what cbs wanted but nat wanted a real man
anthony weiner is sick. what is attractive about a fifteen year old? they aren't even formed yet. he's a really sick man.
i was "formed" when i was 12 just sayin
we are all we need is not a trance album tho but ya guilty
+1 waawn not trance, peace of mind and counting down the days come close but nope
in fact, we are very anti dust (outside of the pollen collection of course).
exactly! :-)
hmm festival this saturday the chance to see rihanna in central park don't know what to choose
festival,, rihanna over everything
sacramento people! restaurant tips on dinner in he heart of lovely downtown would be most appreciated.
pangaea (burger), empress tavern, and grange. all very different, and all very delicious.
whataburger and dc comics engage in legal discussion over logo
oh come on now, .
exxon in hot seat as sec investigates oil giant over accounting for climate change via
wake up - this is a totalitarian marxism operation dressed up as saving the planet - the puke ny ag should be jailed
one of my favorite movies. evar.
it was for me too...until it became real life and now it's just really, really scary
bartolo is off to a good start! no score as we go up to bat.
..he's our guy!
they're brainwashed
they're optimistic
ha. mine is reading comic books and watching comedies.
can't discount the gym either. it's become so important to me lately
me and nads running around europe
me dragging james to taos and he actually liked it
mark it: if trump loses narrowly in 2016, he's running again in 2020.
not after is done with him he's not.
car camping passes are already sold out on the toc website sheesh
looks like no ones camping this year
there's nothing funny about poisoning animals
literally, shut the fuck up.
just drove by oracle , ironic that there's several homeless sleeping on the same curb where limos are dropping off tech execs.
a clear and unfortunate sign of wealth disparity
for me it's not so much that they're flavorless, it's that the texture (which i don't like) overwhelms what flavor they have.
the texture took some getting used to for me too. speaking of eating, you, , and me need to grab a meal again sometime
we at the double tree not the the aria.
the only thing open is waffle house girl don't start with me
what the hell is wrong with you?!? disobey a cop with drawn gun, reach for something w/o being told or telling
tape shows he didn't reach! what's wrong w/you? defending cop w/o probable cause to even arrest, let alone shoot!
happy y'all.
i can't believe it's been a year. so happy for you.
not sure i understand that. doesn't change that i will not vote trump/clinton/johnson only or
francis owns planet through the bis in basel. the "handshake" was bern cutting "our best deal"w/devil
but here we go again - republicans are threatening to shut down the gov in days unless we ban disclosure of corporate political spending.
keep on fighting! you are the best thing that happen to we the people,
amal clooney risking life to sue isis with support of husband george
stupid and dumb. a pair of clouneys.
"damn who's man...."
you look pissed off omg
eatin lunch wit drip n trip skatin little tokyo who in la
i was jus there smh
in this country our leaders are bound by the rule of law. hillary clinton must be held accountable for her actions.
nodoubt jw's 25 questions to to be answered in writing under oath to a judge have stymied campaign and lawyers
ready for aids?
just post a selfie and that sir will happen
i think psychologists call this gas lighting.
i've always had trouble understanding that phrase but i think i kinda get it now.
trump has suffered 5 bankruptcies. four financial and one mental.
with over 550 corps. that makes him a genius. thank you for your support.
drug-resistant superbugs a 'fundamental threat' to humans, who says
the end is fly
most of the time it's in her sleep but it still leaves a bruise
i hate you both
preach em! jack you seem so much better than most guys i go to law school with &amp; i barely know you
i do really apprecaite your kind words! *blush city* lol
check out today's high temps! we got as warm as 85 and that is a good 10 degrees warmer than normal. who would know...
we know, but all is well, have a great evening!!
i'm super-excited that some hollywood guys are going to tell me what to do. let me get my notebook and a pencil.
if only people who think that america is a lousy place populated by lousy people could somehow tell me who to vote for
btw 4th and 5th
hope the cyclist is ok.
they're obviously going to win their last ten games. you're set!
love that positive vibe.
i liked a video from an introduction to nimble 4.0
thanks :) - what do you think of the update so far?
. worked in ny under guiliani great! sounds like a good plan. what's the problem?
the 4th amendment
south indian style
good to see
it's not cool to charge cancellation fees to those assigned to pools twelve blocks away during the general assembly.
i cancelled within a minute. you've gotta have mercy when the algorithm can't factor in the unga.
why can't i ever be on any of the good lists
oh shit i hope doesn't dig into your history. you wouldn't want this getting out.
30% of our presidents have been shot, shot at, or were about to be shot at. secret service should interrogate trump:
you are simply awesome!!!
ahhh, i haven't heard of anything like that, but i suspect it gets difficult to compare public companies to fantasy companies.
as in public companies need to earn revenue to distribute wealth, uber can cash out founders/investors w/ new private rounds.
read blog posts and twitter feeds of mediocre white men?
this made me lol
i love evo, and think we need it, but i don't think it can be our world championship if we want to be a titan in the industry
it's not about whether or not it's smash's world championship (although you'll be hard-pressed to exceed that level of play)
lena dunham looks like she eats mayonnaise out of a ziploc bag
mixed with semen
crutcher was not murdered! he refused to obey commands, reached into car.
not justified for failure to obey when no probable cause of any crime! wtf?!?!
*...imagination is more important than knowledge. knowledge is simply limited. imagination encircles the world...* relativity
*...no army can withstand the strength of an idea whose time has come. live simply so that others can simply live...* veritas
smh! vegas is worth it!
once you've done it once, the allure isn't as strong.
i wonder why... or your surname is not that?
i have red foxes like this in my yard. last year, one had babies.
fed chair yellen defensive against trump accusations she is manipulating financial markets to benefit pres. obama....
of course she is. how ridiculous can you oblabla clingon clowns be? smucks!
people be sleeping on me because of my accent. just wait and see.
your accent is cute
idk what that is
some extremely good shit
what is this crap???
what a [redacted]
can we please address that rahami is the worst terrorist anyone has ever seen but he's still a terrorist -- at least more so than clown guy.
. the fingerprints, the flip phone with phone numbers, the fried chicken -- everything. worst terrorist imaginable.
hooked up to a 13/14 ft ws. follow for details
can't wait to be out on the trip this weekend. save some tagging for us!
you draw moon girl?! &lt;3 may you live long an art like awesome forever.
thank you! i co-write and draw covers. is the genius behind the interior art!
oh shit i hope doesn't dig into your history. you wouldn't want this getting out.
oh no, what have i done?!
cmon nobody want to hear the narrator say everything you go to!!!!! how you turn it off???
hope this helps bro
this exchange between andrea mitchell and kelly anne conway would need zero edits to be turned into a snl skit
4 years of such indecipherable bullshit is what's in store if he wins
i love evo, and think we need it, but i don't think it can be our world championship if we want to be a titan in the industry
it's about the underlying exclusiveness you're calling for in your events. it's a general theme i've seen repeated often
with so many consumers interacting from mobile devices, media that puts social-mobile first will become leading advertising media.
it's called buzzfeed.
who else has sprint ?? my doesn't have service &amp; idk whyyyyyy
sprint sucks it's nothing new when i dont get service
a new national poll has clinton leading trump by 6 points ahead of the first debate
need to do some kind of poll rigging as instructed by clinton campaign to make sick candidate look recovering. can't fool us.
in 9 days, the obama admin will give away us oversight to an international body akin to the u.n....
what can we do to stop him from giving away the internet??!
39. michael's facejsnshsj
michael's face even works for this lol.. could not translate
"i'm heading to the dog pound." - referring to the dogpatch.
dogpatch is one word. so you got no words correct.
mylan ceo believes epipen price is "fair"
dear mylan's bitch; it's not fair. sincerely, every american with a heart and a brain.
is that the one where he rapes his mom or something
i think that's tyler the creator
i'm at the leftiest of lefty nyc benefits.
not even close to leftiest
dt but it's very very close
should i trade mark ingram for tevin coleman and deangello williams????
dude how do you not call out that republican reverend? you let him say african americans are liking trump? and you don't say
a thing about the fact trump just proposed national profiling in black communities!?
new truck on scene. grand st mercer st soho police activity
while we're waiting to figure out what's going on, here's an article about how we shouldn't live in perpetual fear:
will never understand how someone can look at a team in a playoff spot on sept20 and suggest the season is summed u...
on that basis, mike, i guess the 1987 jays, the 1964 phillies, and the 1969 cubs were not failures?
i love evo, and think we need it, but i don't think it can be our world championship if we want to be a titan in the industry
but that doesn't mean it's right or good. having a game that isn't smash at an event doesn't diminish it's legitimacy.
this happened at photokina yesterday.
fro should do a pro photog cheap camera episode on digital rev!!!!
same. and then the poor ops folk have to be on call for someone else's pet project :/
yeeaaaahhhhhh i'm afraid that's a hard no in my book :)
is currently experiencing departure delays between 16 mins and 30 mins due to wx:wind
departure delays are no longer in effect for
alcohol delivery? wow! download saucey and get $10 off!
. that was one of the best app and delivery experiences i've ever had! guests tonight...
may get a house this year but in january they put car camping passes back up
a house seems better to me ... count this hoe in
just tried to launch the game. idk what happened
looks like zombies got into your computer
i notice y'all are going for the older generation. coincidence, or...?
never know when those opportunities will be gone :(
amal clooney risking life to sue isis with support of husband george
stupid and dumb. a pair of clueless clowneys.
social media makes my life seem so much more glamorous than it is i feel like i'm living a lie lmao
but i don't want to talk about the negatives and complain about nyc when i fought so hard to get here
marc* yesssss, my babe is freaking preshhhh
ok ok so i was gonna spell it like that but all i could think of was marc jacobs lmao
how many simultaneous streams can it do?
we pull that in to and stream to youtube, twitch, facebook ...
dude how do you not call out that republican reverend? you let him say african americans are liking trump? and you don't say
are you a fucking reporter or a trump cheer leading hooker?
new commission painting...probably my darkest piece. christian bale from american psycho. ...
love this!!
i love evo, and think we need it, but i don't think it can be our world championship if we want to be a titan in the industry
but your piece strongly suggests that. i believe erroneously.
besides providing humans wih everything they needed.. jehovah granted them dominion over the lower creatures. god's...
only benevolent, but it also accords its subjects honor and dignity why a kingdom of god? see watchtower 12/1/07 p 21, 25
you're attempt to be clever has failed.
-&gt; no it didn't. you still took time out of your life to expend your energy on me. haha
if you get an early blowout then you guys will run in the 2nd half.
lets make that a bottle of whiskey
"our country is stronger &amp; more prosperous than it was 8 years ago." read 's letter on our economic progress:
right. u r a fool despite the fact thst they tell us u r black.
i spend a majority of my money on food.
guess what day is today??
heres a picture of me posting this picture...
oh! that is what you were doing on your cellphone ;) lol
what a beautiful parking lot
"just look at that parking lot."
seems to be the same all over. uk store shopto normally shift tons of ps4s, x1s has two top sellers ps4 slim just one.
xb1-s &gt; ps4 -4k game upscaling -4k blu ray -true hdr -best online -an actual holiday games lineup much better value
i have some really devastating, shitty news. in fact, it's the saddest news i've ever publicly...
sending so, so much love. thank you for sharing the nanz &amp; her light w/ your readers, she was so special. cyber hugs to you
we went from (his) and (hers) to peppermint (his) and camomile (hers).
put those chamomile tea bags in veg oil and warm on stove until aromatic. let oil cool and make chamomayonnaise. it's amazing.
please do come by tonight at 6 for book signing withme and
so nice to see you &lt;3
attention everyone: update your fuckin iphone so i can text you fun stuff. if you have an android... well
a good tweet
yes, that is a real peregrine falcon and yes, she is 22 years old....
a very handsome falcon, indeed!
typical trumpy. women, aa's, muslims, journalists, the poor...all need their lives managed by trumpy cuz he knows b...
yes, he only wants to allow in people who accept "american values" as defined by donald trump. a horrifying, repulsive idea.
video: release video of suspect in smash &amp; grab burglary
where in mv was this?
she's goals. everything goals. life goals.
i literally look at her pictures everyday hoping that i look like that days after i have a baby
step up and let hillary know you've got her back. add your name now if she can count on you in november!
i've got your back-if you do the right thing, turn yourself in and give back the resources you stole/pay restitution.
britain's greed for cheap oil saw them arm nigeria/support a blockade against biafra which staved children to death.
yes leftist drone- blame britain, blame america, blame capitalism -but never blame islamists who do the deed
it came to fix a 's at work. she was so happy when he came. i said "bet that's the 1st time any has ever been this happy to see u"
lol when your computer goes down n you got shit to do those guys are like greek gods when they show up!
dude keeps sending me dick pics i didn't know what to think
yeah definitely not me . the camera doesn't detect my bird
checking out . ... (@ palace of fine arts)
where are you sitting nancy?
i don't have like am actual recipe but seared cod, roasted green beans with sliced almonds and roasted garlic potatoes &lt;3
where are you where ur groceries are so cheap!! these nyc grocery prices are no joke!! it's so trash i consider cooking a stress
nothing wrong with it. you are who you are.
how was your birthday btw?
dude how do you not call out that republican reverend? you let him say african americans are liking trump? and you don't say
and the marquette poll has her up fucking 3 in the 4 way get it fucking right! augh!
stick to your nerdy ass political graphs
why would i, when i can engage in scintillating exchanges with you, danny? :-)
i wanna do this 'three fictional characters' thing but i don't wanna just post three different screencaps of oscar the grouch.
this was also my initial roadblock until i remembered cenobites
wed 9/21! join and for live taping of podcast featuring sarah sewall.
on cve: community resilience as vital to counter marginalization that can lead to radicalization.
looking for the second spur on the third leg to decide bet. hypoponera and brachyponera... so tiny it could be mist...
i don't see a second simple spur. where is it from?
undocumented immigrant new term for illegals
the great jimmy carter who believed ayatollah khomeini would be better for iran then the shah. jihad's stepfather
i don't have like am actual recipe but seared cod, roasted green beans with sliced almonds and roasted garlic potatoes &lt;3
reliever n having to worry about the cost of groceries is really blowing mine
barb. bush on trump: "he's said terrible things about women... military. i don't understand why people are for him."
and yet many republicans will vote for this idiot.
the weeknd got a haircut and i'm so in love
pic or it didn't happen
i'm thinking "monkey shit brown"? if you got a better suggestion, donate more than $20.
someone just brought us oreos.
dude how do you not call out that republican reverend? you let him say african americans are liking trump? and you don't say
jesus h christ. another fucking trump media bought and paid for asshole
stop fuckin with my phone
they tryna get us to buy the iphone 7
omg this is too funny
i've seen this before but it's worth a retweet.
i broke your ankles w my movement
i got a concussion after you stunned me
i remember the good o days when my mustache, chin and side burns were all separate from each other. they done glowed up
seor patchy :')
i'm tired of negativity and political bickering. like this post and i will @ you with a compliment
you always have such a positive attitude, and you care about everyone which is very admirable
i just got a friend request on facebook from my aunt's weird boyfriend. what do i do?
um politely decline. or block him.
shouldn't buses be banned from blocking the bus lane during debacle??
plenty of emergency vehicles cannot get thru as those buses cater to lazy employees!
when did i turn back into the person who drinks six cups of coffee a day fuck
this is your super power
this is literally us lmao who needs boys, let's delete their numbers and buy strap ons
omg dude this us 100% fuck those dudes they're cool but i like u more
correction, we'll be in wheeling on friday! cleveland tomorrow
hey steve i hear you are going to be on with thursday! looking forward t...
are you sure about that
i'm on my way to tiki
i disagree, that makes me a racist? get fucked!
there it is! personal attack that = concession you've lost the argument.
someone just brought us oreos.
they are single stuffed.
missing you more than usually. exactly a month until i can see that smile in person again.
miss you too! that's not too bad
anyone think the have a shot to win sunday in kc?
maybe but it is arrowhead.
thanks for covering today's sick hillary "rally," revealing it was practically empty. she could only speak for 20 minutes!
all the contrived ways they create hillary safe-spaces is so absurd only msm-protected dem can get away with it
how does one learn to toot her own horn a bit more? and no, this isn't a euphemism.
i was literally talking to someone about this two days ago. like how to be more confident but not over-inflate ego.
dude how do you not call out that republican reverend? you let him say african americans are liking trump? and you don't say
wisconsin: trump vs. clinton vs. johnson vs. steinmarquetteclinton 41, trump 38, johnson 11, stein 2clinton +3 fucking moron
how much do you think vanes would want to fight ggg?
nice lil fight but it's a step back for ggg.
so! today in being a woman: i saw a giant abandoned suitcase at 14th &amp; 6th. as in, 9 blocks from where a bomb went off a few days ago. but
my first thought? "no one else is saying anything. it must be nothing. i'm overreacting." so i kept walking. after a couple blocks,
i love it on my way to 1000gs on it!!
that's a gamer
"can't be friends" by trey songz is such a classic.
got me in my feelings while i'm making dinner
the y i just seen you
lol yeah the y and where at ?
gd luck and don't punch anyone lol
lol boss i got into it with a chick from this same team last season. they beat us in a semifinal deja by
boom! cabby puts us up 2-0!
a 2 run bomb! . cabby! cabby! cabby!
trump to on his birtherism statement: "i wanted to get on with the campaign."
he "just wanted to get on with it." that's not an answer. it's some words.
i wish i liked the gym more. i just go because i "have" to
well, i've always gone but now, in light of everything it's one of the few places where i can just relax my mind.
21 files changed. 21 commits. the stars have aligned perfectly
in basketball we call that a double double.
i love these videos
theyre scary
they are single stuffed.
guys. seriously. video games are weird.
stockton finally has express lanes. the city should start charging for the use of express lanes just like bay so the city could make money
wow just like the bay !!!!1!!11111
maine and iowa also big shifts relative to the national map
as well as georgia and arizona!
i hate stewart, but no one ever had to whinge and complain that people don't find him funny.
i like him but don't f'ing care the daily show has a new host.
get hip, if you aren't already, thank me later
got hip earlier this summer
really not sure if i should let you go or not
update i let him go and it feels great
im the only one in my row ;;
check messages
dawg, tony parker was married to eva longoria, and sexting his teammate's wife. won ships with this dude. that's real scumbag activity.
something wrong with him
where are the most consistent t3 kills coming from? infect. not grishoal or ad naus...
how many colors have one or even two mana spells that interact with veng or ad naus?all five have it for infect
they won't be able to useable for humans for like 5 years, but still amazing!
i'm glad your enjoying school friend. ily
for being called a coward after i went out of my way to be nice, i reported this tweet in particular and am now blo...
twitter certainly brings out the awful in some people. so sorry you had to deal with this. :(
there are far more than 100 great players in each class. comical when someone says i 'forgot' or 'missed' a particu...
probably the same people who are happy when the team loses but johnny has 4 gs
new: trump admits he only said obama was born in u.s. so he could "get on with his campaign"
lol! wants to talk about jobs, my ass! he wants to talk about "crooked hillary clinton." he jumps from one lie to another.
what happened?
is censoring all the trumpkins smh he lock my account yesterday
like in all honesty people are still gonna smoke, all the money is going to fund areas that frankly don't need funding.
yea i know. trust me.
omg we're getting so close to the airdate of the time frame of drake's injury... is it too much to hop this was all a publicity stunt?
here's hoping :(
i wish i liked the gym more. i just go because i "have" to
i go, turn on a podcast or music and for an hour/ hour and half i don't think if anything else
america's police situation is real. last night we saw a cop pull over a car and the whole street literally went quiet. we were all witnesses
no where. sad, people on with the power to make change are afraid to speak out.
is it that bad already?
nah it's great, mom did a wonderful thing today.
ah ok. makes sense. well ... i can't give too much away but this was not a scene in the 40s ;-)
i read all the books so i know what happens they are filming boston in the 1950's and 60's also
my first thought? "no one else is saying anything. it must be nothing. i'm overreacting." so i kept walking. after a couple blocks,
i decided i should definitely tell someone. hopefully i'd pass a cop. i didn't. so i thought i should call 911. but if i was overreacting...
on the subject of refugees and vetting (and police violence) - the police kill far more people each year...
. an infographic may help here. clearly avoid the red and blue flashing skittles.
use the thing between your ears for sumpn besides a hat rack.
that's all you've got. lol
would u like to have one???
dn't gv him any ideas. although,i cn't c him as controlling type, 2 ezgoin. bt thn agn,wht man wldnt wnt2gv it a try?
democrat. democrat. this is not even close to 2001. it's devastating. i'm glad it hasn't happened to you, truly.
1- sorry to hear people are still displaced. nyc had aggressive plan 2 fix economy. blue state s/have medicare 4 loincome
i felt bad for him after like, the first two. this is just ridiculous though.
after the first two what? minutes? lol.
yeah yeah, it was pretty funny tho...not for him so much but
lol if he's a decent it guy he knows his role... and he's prob used to it!
i got about 20 reasons on that why not
no one asked you tho
approx. 4:15 this afternoon a bus came the wrong way out of the er entrance &amp; wouldn't yield!
being a pedestrian, not a prisoner, i gave the moron the finger!
is there any amount of money hillary clinton could spend that would be sufficient to get her elected president?
only about 20 trillion dollars. pay off the debt and be our president.
tell u what ive not seen not seen "the watcher" for a while. do u still do it ???
now i do thwip! and the marvel minute!
i literally looked at my phone and closed mystic messenger after i checked i didn't have a chatroom. and a minute after starting to cut my
wig my phone goes off telling me of a new chatroom. will this wig for yoosung ever get done? who knows.
busy day ahead of . not opposed to porsche transfer at atl . ^j
too bad that's and not an or today. we're doing
trump odds 9/21: 538 polls-only-42% 538 polls-plus-42% daily kos elections-37% betfair-33% nyt/upshot-25% princeton election consortium-18%
the spread beta between 538 &amp; nyt is huge!
she's a hungry, messy, cute bitch category is: let's get filled can u relate mama?
i'm lit ur sister separated at birth
have we made fun of fred water on here yet? cc:
these are fantastic for planes. fits flat in the seat pocket. ended up buying a reusable bottle that copied their design.
ah ok. makes sense. well ... i can't give too much away but this was not a scene in the 40s ;-)
there are 8 almost 9 outlander books! not a big reader but i couldn't put them down !
., tireless warrior, will be performing on uk tv - and at a radio festival in chicago.
will you go to chicago?
any guess on the timeline?
coleman w broken hand.depending on location, bone, &amp; shifted pieces, surgery could be possible.if metacarpal ~2-4wks rtp
having goals, is the best way to keep your life moving!!
one of my favorite quotes.......
saa: if we don't fix it someone else will, deputy minister of finance warns
- privatize!
she'll bring you coffee in the morning but also steal your food. i love her so much.
i love you too
mark cuban: "trump is an immediate and present danger to the security of this... by via
cuban is just getting mad &amp; loud since most of the country disagrees with him !
is anyone homeschooled i know? i'm really thinking about it but idk
find the communities of homeschoolers. they'r chock full of practical info esp if you find one in ur 'hood. check yahoogroups.
i was literally talking to someone about this two days ago. like how to be more confident but not over-inflate ego.
didn't get too far, so lurking on the thread hopin to get some insight too.
angela merkel cites germany's migrant policy backlash for her party's defeat in berlin election
are you listening voters?
i decided i should definitely tell someone. hopefully i'd pass a cop. i didn't. so i thought i should call 911. but if i was overreacting...
i would be wasting their time. tried 311. it's impossible to get a real person on the phone. by now i was at about 20th. figured,
it's a true shame the king &amp; i revival didn't last long enough for a revolving door of annas. rebecca luker could have been next after marin
i don't mean to be the christiane noll police, but christiane noll
was sued several x's b4 recently started accessibility changes to schls &amp; starting only w k-5
for kids w for cities &amp; states 2 finally comply w laws bc they get sued like
no, there are theories of language connections. no actual proof.
and, let's not forget this theory.
did not know that... honored thanks!
i'd hold a conference or a meeting in that room any day. who's taking minutes?
are u both sure about that
it's gonna take me a while to get there cause i only have a bike
i'm loving my dark angel mask... not the kind of facial you guys want to see i know lol...
what are you doing to yourself
guys. seriously. video games are weird.
oreos are good, though.
"facebook owns the distribution," says, but doesn't do instant articles.
with respect to , nope.
. just explained dressage by saying it was "horses dancing as a sport" and i said "strictly come prancing?" she didn't get it
so this has nothing to do with salads?
happening now: beale afb answering questions about yesterday's fatal u-2 reconaissance spy plane crash
beale afb indefinitely suspending u-2 reconaissance flights in response to yesterday's deadly plane crash
my inner voice right now: "you're just picking up a book. do not buy anything." literally 5 seconds later. "you bought an entire series?!"
someone needs to give me a dog collar that zaps me in book stores but not in libraries.
this parent trip will be the death of me. why the fuck are they in a cab from the ues to the les at 7pm?!
(during the unga)
hmmmm if you can tell then this is bad.
chile i can't tell! i had to ask. if you didn't ask about frontals i would have no clue. it looks .
approx. 4:15 this afternoon a bus came the wrong way out of the er entrance &amp; wouldn't yield!
btw, those buses make lefts on the red @ 35th &amp; first regularly..there's a park there!
i may or may not have submitted a paper to nsdi. (double-blind reviewing.) when it goes triple-blind, even i wouldn't know the difference.
maybe they won't know it's your paper and ask you to peer review it!
...the cop beforehand, you can reasonably expect to get tased or shot, possibly killed. is it the cop's fault?
yes! the cop is an agent of the state! "shall not deprive of life, liberty, property w/o due process of law"!!!
do you ever just go into a store like michaels and suddenly wanna become a diy artsy human and buy everything
dang it i was gonna say the same thing
day2 &gt; great to bump into the one lady who doesn't need business card and : long...
lol.. long live flat shoes.. by the way ladies, i have your passes for tomorrow
omg yes pls
i'm down sunday
his newer stuff is blah, but everything atmosphere and before is beautiful. fire &amp; ice one of favorite edm albums ever
lick it is my shittttt
sorry, i meant how many simultaneous cameras. assume it can do software switching between them with ?
1 camera at a time per hdmi to usb device, however, we use multiple ones so as many cameras as usb ports
i would be wasting their time. tried 311. it's impossible to get a real person on the phone. by now i was at about 20th. figured,
there must be cops at 23rd. i'll find one there. no cops (???). i was dreading calling 911, because now not only might i be wasting their...
idk if this makes any sense whatsoever but here you go
this also works i think???
that moment when you get a call about almost paying off a bill and my credit score is high. yee!
the only upside 2 carrying debt like student loans bout to finish paying my car off this time next year then 4 more of school
meanwhile, all y'all are still single...
you're in the wrong seat sir i'm gonna have to ask you to move.
beware of dogg.
smdogg alert
right. you dumb as hell.
-&gt; "you're"
"atrocious clutch hitting" did jose not just hit a homer to tie it?
i guess what just happened in the top of the 11th doesn't count, does it?
did you guys know each other before today? i'll never forgive myself if i enabled this.
your fault.
oreos are good, though.
what else would you expect from something that has branded itself as a sandwich cookie?
tell your congressmen you want them to be pro-internet. my facebook post is here:
pro internet and pro net neutrality!!
only benevolent, but it also accords its subjects honor and dignity why a kingdom of god? see watchtower 12/1/07 p 21, 25
jehovah is an excellent sovereign, one who was lied about to our first parents and joined a rebelli...
also got this going in case i'm not feeling the red meat at midnight (unlikely), will probably put this in a sammich
using pappy's rub for both the chicken and carne asada, this shit is real y'all
true. the endorphins do help. i walk out feeling like i could body slam a rhino and take over the world.
best feeling in the world. but yo, that charlie brown thing is great...i just can't play it unless it's christmas time lol
. gave an excellent talk on creating inclusive spaces that hit me in all the feels and taught me about !
yay! thanks for coming, glad you liked it!!!
so dangerous whenever im craving food from sj bc 98% of the time i make the trip just for food
peep the location on both these tweets
not really it's just a photo
"bomb scare" &amp; full riot gear? it's dramatic. there's tons of people around there. you're making it more than it is.
ergo tip of the day: don't forget about your shoulders! armrest positioning matters for hand, neck, and back pain i...
unless you sit properly, you won't breathe properly! and if you don't breathe properly, you can't have comfort and control.
finally starting stranger things dont @ me
obligatory @ you bc i'm excited for you to watch it
i've got 99 problems and most of them are dongles for my apple products.
why? it's wireless....
not your mama's pot brownies. sweet bliss brownie mix.
absolutely loving your account!
it had to happen sooner or later. i suppose pbo is responsible.
yeah, "thanks, obama!" his fault for presidenting while black.
my latino studies class aka my favorite class is fucking canceled, im mad
think on the bright side, you don't have to walk all the way to hss!!
virginia lmaooo oh yea ny is insane
i'm still gna keep an eye out for ur snaps tho i'm always looking for new recipes
nilsson &amp; cher - a love like yours (don't come knocking every day) (prod...
i tell u 100000 times this is so ok ok .
it's been a day since rise of iron launched. how are your guardians looking so far? send us your pics.
not home but i post few pictures of what i got so far. i got also the leg armor from rol book but didn't had time to post it.
yeah, we heard your plan last night on : not improve police training. not change cj system...
i just don't understand how she's ahead nationally in the polls. does the left coast carry that much weight?
there must be cops at 23rd. i'll find one there. no cops (???). i was dreading calling 911, because now not only might i be wasting their...
time, they would probably think i was stupid for not calling sooner. thankfully, i then did spot (traffic) cops. i went over to them...
sent the mail to support.com regarding to get the status of read/unread message
with pubnub blocks and our counter method. you can get badge count for each user.
fans are lifting the vote in pittsburgh! where you at? bustracker
i hope we lift the vote for trump. like bernie, trump is the outsider fighting against the rigged system.
amped ip was sold when studio was sold regretfully.
do we think it's fair we still will be seeing killer instinct ? really loved what u did on season 3
wow just trashin abuelas advice??
my life is a lie
they are $$$$! i might bite the bullet. the gopro karma grip looks cool but feiyu, evo &amp; zhiyun models are also very good.
what have you read about those 3 different ones?
and when they didn't need to ask you for an address to map it but instead took you for a fare-hike ride!
those were the days!
"bomb scare" &amp; full riot gear? it's dramatic. there's tons of people around there. you're making it more than it is.
also, an all clear was just called, so there goes your credibility. you're not reporting news, you're reporting speculation
it's been a year since i saw in burly... love you guys
lost that jacket
i've been in some weird low eb the last couple weeks and i'm tired of it. i need a zen master to whack me with a stick or something.
maybe a zen master is whacking you with a stick and you're so present you don't know it.
peep the location on both these tweets
&amp; it's even worse when my bf goes "well ill be happy if u come n ill pay" i hate him
you're a dumbass all the time
i tweeted this and waited for you to say those exact words...
grand street / mercer street intersection is blocked off by . folks working late at are locked in the building.
do you if the street still blocked off?
yeah.. my brother wore those a lot.. when we were 8 lmao
right! that's when it's acceptable
trump's a 6thgrade school-yard-bully who'll back down when confronted factually.his name calling isn't novel or intimidating!
agree - trump cowers quickly when confronted - he can dish it out, but he can't take it.
oh no, troy! were you able to find a crewmember? which airport?
no.. and i just spent 8 minutes on hold to be told there's nothing anybody can do. there's quite a few annoyed (former) customers
and just as quickly as they showed they are gone...
in glad it was nothing. thanks for the update. the did take it very serious.
oh that's right let me delete real quick
i still can't believe they're suspending accounts
"congruency of color and tone" is not a thing
... congruency in both color and tone.
or extra cocoa butter. or sugar, for that matter. but vanilla is the whipping boy.
if vanilla is chocolate's whipping boy, pumpkin spice in coffee is the gimp.
a lot of the yeezy and bieber merch is trash as well.
the shirt jovany has is dope thoe lol the one of justins face! haha
today has been so pointless and exhausting, also i can't work because my voice sounds like i swallowed a kazoo :---)
i'm skimming my tl and missed the "sounds like" portion
companies laid off pros and took the jobs temp to avoid having to pay for health insurance. so many of us are on our own now
so go onto state exchange, get your own policy, do temp work &amp; subsidies available if income &lt; $40k for single.
and just as quickly as they showed they are gone...
i'm glad it was nothing. thanks for the update. the did take it very serious.
how was ittttt? has your life been irrevocably altered?
i will never be the same!!!
jennifer aniston's pal chelsea handler: angelina jolie is a 'f*cking lunatic' (video)
fuck all 3 of those cunts...it's a non-story &amp; co!
bad people in order 7. mortgage brokers 6. multilevel marketers 5. magazine editors 4. tv writers 3. architects 2. visual designers 1. chefs
dang ayn rand is rolling in her grave rn
yup. the days of "telling" are over. engagement is multidirectional.
i will file this together w/ general public is not an audience &amp; "your gut" isn't better than analytics
it was a real pleasure working with such an enthusiastic group of educators! i'm looking forward to next month's
sorry i missed it. can't wait to hear the feedback! i was in my own pd.
time, they would probably think i was stupid for not calling sooner. thankfully, i then did spot (traffic) cops. i went over to them...
blurted out that there was a suitcase, apologized for not saying anything sooner, said it hadn't really registered, apologized again...
was sued several x's b4 recently started accessibility changes to schls &amp; starting only w k-5
non compliance=parents hve 2 snd kids 2 out of zone elementry middle or high schools &amp; college choices r limited due to accessibility
what is happening.
rule 1. you assume the manuscript responsibilities of any editor you kill.
i think people are over-thinking why trump is competitive. he's the gop nominee and he's winning about 90% of republicans.
that makes you competitive! if you win a major party's nomination you've got a good shot to be president!
omgggggg your coming?
yes if i can find the correct date
look what happened to your tweet in just the last 45 minutes! can you afford a home now? (;...
wow, how'd you do that?!
oomf text me
the only person that texted me was mona... i thought i said "oomf" tho
how long has that been "out?" since uber/lyft?
what do you mean "out"?
huh, i didn't know woodsy was still around.
trump will take care of that.
so tomorrow: - they decide final marks on my master's degree - twc opens "recent histories" pray4me (not kobe) fam
however, mercury will no longer be in retrograde. small victories
peace and love to everyone!
same to you and yours my dear! xo
that's not all that close especially for fox. hrc 61% qualified; trump 46% qualified.
those are cross tabs. he is leading her substantially in nv, oh &amp; nc. voters prefer unqualified?
i don't think you quite understand what an argument is...then again, neither do most killary supporters.
this is what you want for president
das a long drive
yep. but not as long as the ones i've seen from states like alaska new york massachusetts.
thanks to for giving away prizes at the end of tonight's !
hey! tell to stay out of the prizes!
i really do dislike dancers
nothing worse
this suit. this was the moment i truly became aware of harry styles
it was exactly a year ago today. harry styles in that suit haunts my dreams. my dirty dreams.
tonight on , we'll talk with pastor darrell scott who hosted donald trump and don king at his church this morning. 7pet on
no bush back on scott's blatant lies. terrible interview
i'm 100% the same person i was in high school
poor ms herron
very easy to imagine it being in more broken decks down the line. basically modern legal lotus petal.
or to put in another way. ssg is never put in a deck to be creature or as a fair card.
the reason teaching is one of the great loves of my life you were tops on my list too china! hope you're happy
congrats!!!
this show is making me react. i just yelled at rowan at the top of my lungs. i'm certain my neighbors hate me
lmao! rowan ended up being wack. her husband was wack too. fuck them niggas.
nothing worse
the ease with the body...!!!!!
update: must've been a false alarm. streets reopened.
is the street already open?
this is what you get if you vote for trump
a person died in his jail cell from thirst.....don't give him too much credit.
donald trump defends saying to african american voters: "what do you have to lose" by voting for him.
what we have to lose, fix it donald, you don't need our votes to do that.
i wonder if you have teams instead of families. if that's the case, you wouldn't be able to convert directly to individuals...
i have the 59$ one lol.
hatch is visiting our friends at in the city today!
great to have you in the office today!
who is this john doe? your daughter's father?
john doe is his cellmate
i've loved every show you've done, just wish some were listened to more!
thanks, hannah
the really can't afford to be swept at home tonight. so i'm actually doing something about it. see you in an hour.
what position you playing? shake shack gobbler?
i did see that. it doesn't look like a hack, though. most likely option is that a kid created a fake class, and+ //
thanks for clarifying does seem to get used in appropriately in matters like this.
no surprise he's having success in pitt since he has a real pitching coach and a manager that can manage a bullpen
so by your account jon niese should have done well there then. why do you keep posting dumb stuff
blurted out that there was a suitcase, apologized for not saying anything sooner, said it hadn't really registered, apologized again...
and got on the subway. what's the tl;dr here?
today hillary gave a speech about employing people with disabilities - trump sneered at immigrants and giggled at the n word.
just wait till you hear what he says about stop and frisking. ugh.
odd to see so many "how can hillary be in this much trouble?" stories in the wake of a poll that shows trump at 37%.
if you're a reporter and your position is, "but this should be a runaway," you must have spent the last year refusing to look at america.
download this app
text doesn't prove anything... show us the shoes when u get it n maybe we'll believe u then.
here's to the new. to starting over, &amp; to 2.0's. now i'm excited to share my new: new chapter, new company, and of...
we spun down our startup a few months back. here's to 2.0 for sure. hyped to throw my name in the hat...
i am editing a document with someone who puts 2 spaces after a period. i am not handling it well.
help me break the habit. dammit. dammit. phew
and when you turn 70, it's the law that they give you a parade and everything is free, right?
happy birthday!
na son that's it no more pressure cookers for anyone. now everybody oxtails gotta take mad long for the greater...
naw. i need that quick
cause they are hateful human beings. can you imagine what they are like in their everyday life?
dont think i want to know lol
that's when i'm off probation
we need another sesh when you are off ! lol
we'd love that! did you come in this weekend?
i'll come by soon!
thankfully no but i'm missing my ride from the airport in mexico as well as events. three hours and still no idea of a flight time.
maybe you should start factoring in +12 hr ?
the amazing 's so excited to be celebrating her birthday ! ( you're the man for the great cakes...
happy birthday, e! xx
i think people are over-thinking why trump is competitive. he's the gop nominee and he's winning about 90% of republicans.
so he's competitive because he's popular. got it. here i thought it might be the other way around.
join as we talk heroin &amp; opioid
moderate measure each morning since silent meditation challenged in this climate:
vegans be like: me: *breathes* "wow i cant believe you'd choose a lifestyle that takes air away from animals they need oxygen too"
vegans on picture day photographer: say cheese! oh i'm actually vegan, so soy!
meet the new ghost rider
charger, very cool. but why not a gnarly norton ? or a smokin indian ?
i enjoy asking former bernie, now johnson or stein supporters, what the 2 stand 4. jackie gleason-style "ha-ma-na-h...
i always wondered how that was spelled
i keep saying it, this is a stupid video. it's the kinda useless narrative and rhetoric that birthed trump.
why is it stupid? honest question.
look at this dumb ass fucktard
do u kiss ur mother and kids with that mouth? don't bother re-tweeting already muted u. dumbass
me dragging james to taos and he actually liked it
kat's party. speaks for itself but i fell in love hard and met for the first time and did a lot of peyote
i wish i had this much drive to do my homework that i should be doing right now
he asked if i wanted to get burritos w him one day
thanks shawn!
''we were born to be real, not to be perfect'' you took the words right out of my mouth. i love it
yeah that and the bomber are flame.
oh yeah! dude i found a bootleg yeezus tour shirt today for jovany haha
said it so right! no matter what we do aa's keeping killed by police.
it is so fucked up! let him go. come back &amp; arrest later. they have tags!
police officers need black people training. you have to log a certain amount of hours with black people before you become a cop.
more like inner city youth need father training, school training, job training, responsibility training &amp; follow the law training.
please tell me where the monitor hospital is.
any tv repair place that has an old guy in it, i'll let you know if this one is good
i don't know what oomf means
i have no family
any thoughts?
gonna need a lot more $ than that lol
nigga finally caught something
buhahahahaha.. never.. i'm just trying to avoid getting stabbed.. aka
yeah that and the bomber are flame.
and a 2011 american idol live tour shirt for edie
why is whatever sportscar there trying to turn north on mercer lol
lollll i didn't even notice that
if they ever did a tv show about a talking horse, you'd be perfect for it
they actually have that already it's called bojack horseman
i like that everyone struggles so much with morality even after the fact. also the morgan episode was so deep
yoooo i just finished watching the morgan episode and cried for 2 more episodes it hurt me soooo much
idk 3x gold glove winner says otherwise
that shit so bland. white pants with accent stripes&gt;
1. farrakhan hates obama. 2. google "obama on louis farrakhan". he's answered it.
farrakan hates everyone but he'll vote for the kenyan and prisoner hillary
does he not know what clickhole is....?
i'm literally crying so much
breaking: trump leads clinton on being honest &amp; straightforward, 41% to 31%, per / poll.
yep, thanks media. after hearing about emails and clinton foundation (w/ no there there) i guess this happens
just inked a business deal, exciting news coming. looking forward to sharing with you
bring back to !!
9 bottles? that's a 3 day supply for me.
y'all i've had these bottles for a month. i drank one (almost all the way)
my mom hella fake she been talkin about the new iphone which apparently i signed for and some power beats that been on the table all week
meaning she didn't even care about it actually
look what happened to your tweet in just the last 45 minutes! can you afford a home now? (;...
thanks for sharing that with me. didn't know it was a possibility to look at those stats.
yo please. i miss our chopped cheese/bx science dates
lemme know when u free :(
just got approved a place and we're moving october 1st
congrats on adulting!!!!! proud of you girl
is so lazy idgi
but selfless i guess
i hated some of them so
me too. and the real kii is some of them weren't even allowed in. so they lost their accounts for nothing. nnnn.
hi! open your ios settings &gt; notifications &gt; belly &amp; adjust the slider button to turn off allowing notifications. did that work?
no, deleted the app and it's still there! fucking annoyed.
fall officially begins tomorrow morning at 10:21 am.
does officially use astronomical or meteorological seasons?
first shot is bananas
thanks my g!
alt-righters came @ me for apparently believing my tweet to out magazine re. you know who will have a serious impact on their bottom line
they cannot understand a succinct critique of an editorial decision that isn't explicitly stated because they have no concept of gray area.
think is giving sarah palin a run for her money with the word salad here.
donald makes sarah look like meryl streep.
you don't need maps in ny. c'mon.
google maps. yes i do.
the bestest news ever is all will debase themselves for a con man, and we'll still have killary sicking gubment on us next year anyway!
you're as pure as the driven snow ,steve.
thank you!! this was really great. and sorry i couldn't figure out how to put the link and the screen grab in one tweet.
i think he may've said the foundation is "there" rather than "rare." and i think "vets" rather than "that." thoughts?
i just got so embarrassed it is a unit, i'm trying to get used to it and make sure its blended right
don't be! i have been really contemplating a unit. i can't deal &amp; some bitch ripped my edges out for a frontal install.
why umd so wack now?
i wonder this n then i remember there are 25 y/o going back to flirt with freshman so idk...
hate is only ignorance disguised. it takes a wiser person to understand this.
we can't be happy for anyone else if we aren't happy with ourselves first.
are they letting you use tsa pre now?
and letting him in 1st class.
btw i was at the electron meetup last night. your talk was great. i didn't get the chance to say hi though.
i definitely saw you and then we promptly had to leave after the talks. catch up next time! thank you
when are you next playing in london?
hey alison! i'm doing a solo gig down at the basement bar on oct 29th...hope to see you! x
global warming/climate change is a hoax. wake up peeps.
please tell and about your amazing discovery.
you know, if we labeled black people as 'endangered' people might get in trouble when they shoot them.
as long as they do not have rich people dinners where they are eaten. i am down. "there she is, your komodo dragon"
s4 was such a letdown...
it wasn't the same, but still awesome. high hopes for s5!
when i was a kid i thought the black market was a physical location one went to fill up their shopping cart from a bazaar of illegal wonders
i thought "booby traps" were cartoon bear traps, but for breasts.
i just got so embarrassed it is a unit, i'm trying to get used to it and make sure its blended right
it's so worth it &amp; it looks great honey!
i cant check dms on my phone. will after the show ;;
have a great time!!
and got on the subway. what's the tl;dr here?
i've been so socialized to think i'm overreacting/to not bother people/to apologize, that i didn't report a potential threat for 10 minutes.
join as we talk heroin &amp; opioid
for those who do not live in cultures that support spirits/wine please do not place your rules on us!
i never know what to expect with your hands and don't need chop sticks but i like the french dip, chicken cordon bleu...
and you can kiss my a__ too
you know for a fact all 68 of them were innocent?
what does innocence have to do with it? there's this thing called "due process"?
me in 3 characters:
this is so good lol i love myself
"even if the minor refuses to press charges, the state can go forward"
throw this sick bastard in jail.
great job and very informative with tax stone once again
salute man you have good peoples
added some more grid examples to the docs
gonna be stealing all your gifs btw
i'm guna start following ppl who change their name 2 roy
ok but i did that so love me now pls
mixed signals... dating or finding a business partner?
aren't they one in the same when it comes to a startup?
right. a coupla hundred years of this crap &amp; we wouldn't be fed up our own
must be your family member
i may have been mistaken. 1 out of 2 words right.
except dogpatch is one word. so you got no words correct.
why do people hate on the blue &amp; black combo? blue &amp; black are so fabulous together!
as long as it's not navy socks with black pants, we are good
that commentating too
facts dude he was giving the play by play
i really do live in gym clothes.
it shows
im screaming at the article like bitch he did her no favors
the website isn't meant to be taken seriously tho but i'm really crying at the whole thing
nice shout out from arnold for the work of at
&amp; go back a few years - thank you to the governator for your ongoing leadership on...
i got lasik done today and i'm kinda hoping something went wrong with the lasersand i end up with some special power
if something went wrong you'd be blind jeffery.
reporter: explain why you spent charity money for personal use? donald trump: "the foundation is really rare."
just tweeted to the reporter, i think from the video he's actually saying "the foundation is really there---it sets out money..."
when u try to take a sneaky pic on the subway &amp; your flash is on&amp;everyone looks at you&amp;you're so embarrassed u just get off at the next stop
i felt your embarrassment from here hope the subway was headed to westchester
on the bright side, there's no eggplant parmesan hero emoji either.
so many foods not represented and it's really a travesty
wait do you not know what clickhole is though
i think he doesn't lmao
join as we talk heroin &amp; opioid
see the concerns that may have developed the other way be/c of lack of knowledge:
you have sold your soul.
. this is for you kellyanne. please sign.
i guess you have never devoted your life to something.
uh... right! you got me. i live my life very shallowly. my interest in the world outside of myself is proof.
this is from puzzle fighter right?
i wasn't sure if it was from that or another chibi sf game, so i just didn't name it.
i feel you bro. i'm doing the bowling ball effect in paying my bills. it works.
i've paid off a bunch of smaller loans just have one $75 month and $575 pay more or buy more alcohol/tickets after car
weber's awesome tech teachers
great to see you on twitter!
great appointment brian!
thanks it's about time we had a scotsman on our team
no but i'm working on it and having ice cream and wine for dinner in response to stress
it'll be fine, i'm looking for subleases
come hear and i speak about onboarding + 4 nights of awesome talks!
thanks for spreading the word my awesome friends!
is this with your phone cam?
these pictures? correct.
omg thank you for doing it to cold water. was on my list of songs to use for them. &lt;3
love it wonder where all the other showmance videos are these 2 are as reaql as it gets
it's either you're in my life or you're not, there can't be an in between.
preach bitchhhh
riggs would be proud. hot pizza on its way from ! confirm now:
help! i can't redeem my pizza
we need more people like you speaking the real truth of our situation. appreciate the words you laid down on tax season.
salute it's going to take a community and diverse perspectives but a primary ideology
i've been so socialized to think i'm overreacting/to not bother people/to apologize, that i didn't report a potential threat for 10 minutes.
and i'd bet every woman on here understands what i was going through.
it's so bad i bummed a square off the receptionist. nigga. i haven't smoked a cigarette in years.
love you boo.
oh yes you can. play it now!
this is the strangest pump up song in the world lol
thank you so much for linking to us! i can't tell you how much that means to me. i wish you all the best kim!
my pleasure! wishing you and the team all the best!
"since we're all 21 now, we should call our house the bad ass crew"- hon hon turned 21 two days ago
how'd you come up with this?
. causing controversy with this nfl qb list - no way romo should be that high.
all the way baby!! yes, based on the two games he has played!
you need more followers to mention me.
you need some mf intellect and respek to mention me stockton boy
happy birthday to you! i'll tell him:)
thanks! i appreciate it.
how's it going brother shawn? hope you're doing well sweetie.
well i'm doing alright, but i feel for the family of sis h. another innocent life snuffed out by....
the weirdest part of working on wow for me is that i no longer recognize "j. allen" as my name. i just wonder why it's missing the "brack."
you were my favorite content provider to the point i watched legendary with the guy who just didn't play wow
kat's party. speaks for itself but i fell in love hard and met for the first time and did a lot of peyote
new mexico, old rocks!!!!
but do y'all even know how lit the nba season is going to be with anthem protests! oohhhh.
wnba players know what's up.
how's it going brother shawn? hope you're doing well sweetie.
police brutality.
the bottle is instructing you to only use a ball as large as your thigh.
i've been using beach balls!
yes! i couldn't fit that
i think on the video he said "vets" rather than "that." just how it hits my ear, and it'd fit campaign talking points.
happy birthday baby girl welcome to the legal team.
thanks sister i love you
white people really taking this brad and angelina breakup hard. they acting like their dogs died.
racism at its finest. make a joke like that as another race and you lose your job. privileged brat.
don't make a hole you'll let the genie out
genie can't swim either
hey, would love to check out primordia for . would you be able to send us 2 ios codes?
i believe can help with that.
joe, the point of this exercise is that drew has to eat his words and drink garbage
ok ok then lairds vodka...nothing worse on the planet
hey if you're still in nyc, make time for on bleecker street. you won't regret it.
thank you, i'll have a look for sure!
happy birthday!
thank you!!
bithc what the heck
she cut all of my dead ends off
when you noice the days are getting shorter, and someone tells you it's now autumn
... but, except for the annual shorter days fiasco, autumn is my fav season
oh dear, so cute they are. i love dogs, i have 2 and foxes look like them
looks like they're well traveled.
yes so true, and i saw the books you have in your profile i'm going to check them out and again thanks.
it's so many respect
you meant to say "no games should have power ballad opening songs" right???
lawl what how can you hate on power ballad opening themes, they get you so fired up to play
i could really go for a chocolate smoothie from the witches brew right about...uh...now.
update: im going to da brew t0night!!!
because the public is angry. anger is its own kind of truth.
watching various media people stamp their feet and carry on bc his polls are "supposed" to go down after negative coverage...
again, neither candidate is desirable. trump is at least not gunning for me.
i understand your position. you and trump are made for each other. he, too, has only self-interest. i have nothing more to say.
cable outage! !whyyyyyyyy now?? premier!!! customer service says it will be fixed in 4 hours .. say it ain't so cookie.
catch it "on demand" when the cable comes back up.
how many followers has lost since the start of the college football season?
shockingly i have gained 6 followers.
i love it when soccer agents are moisturizing.
how else are they getting those big contracts?!
i hate myself this is the second time i've rushed to finish an assignment just to find out it's not due for a week smh
at least you won't have shit to do this weekend just don't forget your speech too ahhaha
we ride or die homie on that claire's knee ambivalence.
i just...90% of the things tht guy says, appeal only makes sense to me if you really believe in the ironizing elements of r
this. a thousand times this.
write that!
sigh. joe simon more of a regret for me b/c it would've been feasible. for me to have met kirby would've required my parents.
mooney is a huge regret for me, as he was still doing commissions up until his death
the movement in toledo, ohio this afternoon. nobody has ever seen anything like this before -- as we have been sayi...
i miss the
the secret to life
clearly a fellow detroiter.
i read somewhere the sidewalk in nyc is where you leave stuff for people to take free - will all suitcases be suspect now?
you don't leave things at the corner by the entrance to a subway.
i agree to some point that it was the game, but the way she spoke to him &amp; got so mean...not cool imho.
games over now pretty much they went thru alot of unnecessary bs but thats past them now
u watch it too
yes!!! been watching for years my fam is obsessed
i guess you also want to be in this case. won't end nicely i tried warning all
lol bruh empty threats on the the internet? what are you 12?
the guy from the gym?????
the one in my class
oh no, what have i done?!
also, looking back, you might have founded a domestic terrorism cell.
a girl has been in here doin' jager bombs for a couple hours and just said she has a sensual relationship with cheese
food fetish freaks should be locked up!!!!!
way to tease us!
i know right
we need a fan club... who's in?! lol
oh we are so in!
too good not to share from harvey cedars, just in case you missed it!
same from oc
shit i think i'm actually dying rn
y'all have organic water?
because that definitely worked in nyc right donald?
"in new york city it was so incredible" no it wasn't. new jobs led to crime dropping drastically while stop &amp; frisk created tension
hope to connect about creating a for summer reading programs - hoping to recruit other ela ts thx again!
yes! i truly love that idea! let's connect!
i step out for one god damn dinner at cheesecake factory and the 's obituary gets written. gooooood damnit.
seriously though - dissolve nasl into usl, drop mls reserves to npsl, bring legit npsl clubs up. pro rel b/w mls and usl. boom.
for reals!!!
do you guys have to wait til then also or is it on sooner because of your time zone?
in the finals for at with these fine folks! not too late to get tix!...
was super fun!
help me with algebra then
okay. i'm helping someone rn tho
at the hbo screening room
this show is laugh out loud funny. sink-in-your-seat cringeworthy. all that.
god i can't wait until this election is over and you can immerse my tl with oscar tweets again
scroll down, there were a bunch earlier today!
which makes for a better literary trip: tolstoy's moscow or dostoyevsky's st. petersburg?
since was grossly overrated!
yes sir. my heart breaks for the family as well. did you hear they are trying to justify the shooting by saying he was high on pcp
they tried that same thing with trayvon calling him a pot head. another thing that upsets me is the fact that celebs...
i just look through your photos and let me tell you, i'm inspired.
oh my goodness thank you so much!
i like how they confuse common human decency with political correctness and that they think being either is horrible.
i like how they think the president can build a huge wall just cause he wants one.
thanks so much, hasie! wait'll you see what did w/the inside; i think the layout and design is just breathtaking.
- posted a sneak peak here:
where would u be without me
what the fuck stop flirting with emma dick
now you have more time for your essay
kg w the facts
new mexico, old rocks!!!!
fuck sxsw secret show where she ripped my abuser's name out of her book and taped me burning the page
i just realized that today is the last day of summer.
probably suffering from heat stroke-lol
that reminds me i've been a researcher for four years and never been asked to shill once. what gives, they?
uh oh sounds like legit grounds for a lawsuit for back pay!
college week 4: no longer fun. everyone is sick. i am sick. i miss my dog. i'm failing 8 classes even tho i'm only in 5. sos.
sending you feel better wishes!!! love you
sigh. joe simon more of a regret for me b/c it would've been feasible. for me to have met kirby would've required my parents.
i remember seeing the full page memorial ad dc had for kirby. at that time i had no clue how important he was
trump appeals to black voters with call for nationwide stop-and-frisk
in what bubble does he live in? stop and frisk did not work in nyc.
lots of noise, and a lot of conflicting polls. torn daily between optimistic and scared to death.
sounds right.
.joebiden says it's all about teaching kids &amp; new generations that...
you were there today? i was there! :)
love it, lou. thanks for the brain-refresh!
thank you, gentlemen!
that's a wrap on . with an amazing so far, we can't wait for what's next!
i can't wait for that hope it's every bit as good as the 2012!
thank you! i respect that. i kinda was asking the same questions on ur instagram page but u blocked me 4 some reason. all love
not sure if you saw this or not. don't look good for the media. he was a bad man and wasn't listening.
not against standardized tests-bout surpassing it. i don't agree- now schs close/teachrs eval based on scores
system spends 100 mils on standardized tests. doesn't work for special ed kids, students feel they're failure
i get chills thinking of the premier and seeing you
watching james on seth meyers is awesome counting down the hours
crazy. where do you look this up? are they adjusting you down to the $768 or just lower?
not the $768 per say but it needs to be under 2k significantly
oh that one made me cry! always hope kids do ok and some have to really fight for it!
yes, i know but how comfortable &amp; appreciative they are of you that they remember &amp; recognize. nice job!
4! four years in a row! (see link, below) so typical of buysider abuse of his coverage. lol lol lol
hahaha. i thought it was 4 then i talked myself out of it. truth is i've never lost on your data. ever.
they'll try to tap into your energy.
don't allow that.
what? you want him unprotected?
no, i want him protected 24/7. too many people have lost their lives standing against the c. machine.
pizza? yes, please! order now with :
the link keeps stalling
lmao! how much lip gloss can one person need?!
moar!!! all the lip glosses!!!
hello, thanks for responding... have tx for a bunches of shows in november
awesome! what are you seeing?
when i've seen no sign of mice for days and i've bleached everything-then discover new droppings? that's when i'm grateful to live in nyc.
i highly recommend this book even w/o your circumstances
: mrs. clinton, can you tell us more about the time you ran from sniper fire in bosnia?
what? then you realized they were little girls throwing flowers at you? i hope you had them taken down w/ extreme prejudice!
kind of like all the fans coming to corvallis to see "america's team," am i right , , ?
only a 3 hour drive instead of an 8 hr one.
worst thing in the world: publicists who send press releases as empty emails with word doc attachments.
that's right up there with fax calls to your cellphone.
yes sir. my heart breaks for the family as well. did you hear they are trying to justify the shooting by saying he was high on pcp
like james woods, kate upton can go into an uproar over the national anthem. yet when it comes to innocent black lives...
new mexico, old rocks!!!!
fuck sxsw secret show where she ripped my abuser's name out of her book and taped me b...
new fox poll ohio likely voters trump 42% clinton 37% johnson 6% stein 2%
if your profession had a fiduciary duty to recommend that your readers voted in a way that benefited them, what would it be?
question one was a softball and question three was about his birther lie. you could have done better.
in one clip, was 1st able to get qs in front of trump on _two_ issues the campaign's been ducking, he deserves credit.
some personal news: i found the perfect fall dress
shirt dress works for you eve. color good for eyes. gf looked forever for same. girls, apathetic?
yes sir. my heart breaks for the family as well. did you hear they are trying to justify the shooting by saying he was high on pcp
they are always absent on that subject.
i'll be at the at with this saturday - 9/24!
yay! can't wait!
also, an all clear was just called, so there goes your credibility. you're not reporting news, you're reporting speculation
that's trump level reporting.
omg a thread
is he the gay one
or rather events where smash is the premiere draw
there's a difference; i can't recall any smash exclusive events that have opened up to other games.
lol you act like you don't have my number tho... you funny
i wasn't tryna hound you tho .. just was gonna wait .
the omitted data &amp; deviation from protocol 1
thompson's own papers show no deviation from protocol; no omitted data
just taped this weeks episode of with jeff van gundy! will be up tomorrow!
ahhhhh studio stylin. you took my advice (yea sure)
you know those couples that always post pictures of the other person and show their bae off? that's me and...
this is true
are you going to greenbuild this year??
sure am! i'm speaking on 10/6? you there?
i agree! i have a hard time because i have the biggest crush on him!
people shouldnt cloud judgement on james a lot of girls like him im rooting for
"55 to dead", "millennial women"--no wonder we have to have formalized conversations about empathy in the media.
some of the speaker's remarks were truly cringe worthy.
and i'd bet every woman on here understands what i was going through.
anyway, looks like it was nothing, but the socialization of women is going to get someone killed one of these days. great job, america!
she doesn't do labels hon it wasn't that hard to get
oh i thought it was a weird brony joke
the reasons why fashion designers do not dress fashionably
this is everything that is wrong with fashion! designers - we want the same convenient, low key clothes you do!
yous comeing
probably not the boys are all busy getting ready for the wedding so got no team
i absolutely hate when people ask me for money. don't care who you are. don't ask.
who the f is asking you for money. also, who the f asks people for money. that's just classless.
no idea but i thought of our convo yesterday
interesting tho
teamed with a simple pencil skirt and court shoes - can't go wrong
court shoes? how old do you think he is, ninety!?!
pretty safe to say trump is at 266 electoral votes now also safe to say cracking 4 needed won't be easy. me, co seem to be his best shot.
what in the hell happened to virginia over the past few cycles?
only a 3 hour drive instead of an 8 hr one.
once went to vancouver for a cal rugby match on spring break, easy day trip
playing for the skaters at the lefrak center at prospect park till 10pm...let's roll!!
who the fuck is zica?
i understand a solid 10-15% of this article and it sounds like my brother is working on something super cool
he's the good twin, right?
was sued several x's b4 recently started accessibility changes to schls &amp; starting only w k-5
imagine 4 a second u lost ur hands, arm, legs, sight, vision, speech or hearing or if ur kid did
i believe it. i couldn't believe people were there buying stuff.
so stupid. i was reading an article about all the scary stuff in there !!
my day job is working w/ ceos of large companies. i haven't spoken with one who supports trump. he commands no respect in biz community.
trump only supported by by the dumb and uneducated. you wanna know why? because they are dumb and uneducated!!
what would sf look like with 100k more homes? some creative showed us! via
you can have my place if that's what you want to turn our city into.
this should be a title for a book!!
workin title-hood identity-embracing your brilliance in a world that doesn't engage your ratchetness
i am lord byron. he had a clubbed foot. thank you
aww, byron is my dad's name. we no longer live close by, so the association made me smile. ty! cheers, dom, and feel better!
donald trump can impersonate anyone.
. you forgot his best impersonation.
this moderator from the white house is a nightmare of do-gooder namedropping
congratulations. you have met all the amiables. frabjous day.
jerome's actions besides "he's a creepy ass dude."
also just feel like u have to take -some- base enjoyment in these ppl's selfexplanations, but i don't...
"in new york city it was so incredible" no it wasn't. new jobs led to crime dropping drastically while stop &amp; frisk created tension
of corse he wouldn't know this because he's only been looking at stats that support his claim and being ignorant per usual
i have something for you...
from my fav local nyc coffee shop!!cheers
*...no army can withstand the strength of an idea whose time has come. live simply so that others can simply live...* veritas
*...all that we are is the result of what we have thought. a thing of beauty is a joy forever...* -i...
oh that one made me cry! always hope kids do ok and some have to really fight for it!
no one notices the stars in the sky until one goes zooming by. then they look up &amp; see them all! you did that!
or rather events where smash is the premiere draw
meanwhile, evo, ceo, ect, nwm, and many more have all started running smash/4.
adore you!!!
right back at you!!
that's exactly right, unless it is diminishing relative to the rest of the universe by some outside force...
: making your closet very slightly smaller compared to the universe every night while you sleep
also just feel like u have to take -some- base enjoyment in these ppl's selfexplanations, but i don't...
until aviator's/ray.
this song, this album
ok for real these songs are
reminder that 2d games only require 2/3rds the skill
you just exposed a bad speedrunner
shes done nothing and i've loved paul since the beginning so he better win
sameee i'm scared shes gonna win first hoh and take james to finale two instead of paul
@ jfk about to leave the country
that's fucked
new album cover / title shot by nabil
bruuuuuuuh its about it to go down!!!
oh really?? such a tricky decision, but i bet you'd look great honestly !!!
so ima sliiiide in here n advocate for the big chop (genevieve u knw this pitch lol) it's fun + you're beaut
killing and innocent man! im so sick of it!
here here sis h. hense why i support kapernick on his protest. so much injustice going on &amp; most turn a blind eye to it all.
in one clip, was 1st able to get qs in front of trump on _two_ issues the campaign's been ducking, he deserves credit.
we'd all love it if trump had given a real answer on either topic, but got the press's foot in the door to keep pushing
if you see something, say something - and new yorkers have, in droves
anyone read today's tweeters that is real !
or rather events where smash is the premiere draw
it's not wrong per se, but it's interesting that we've seen no smash centric events open up game rosters.
can't wait to watch and with free or via
did alli write this
charlotte police release photo of keith lamont scott's gun
oh my, that's a narrative changer!
sweet dollar ice tea from mcdonalds? i drink that
two and a half men? i watch that
just got a "tour" when i logged into google apps admin console. it taught me where the search field is. (see also...
i hate tours
what if i told you there were video games where you got to eat sandwiches
i would tell you this world has become entirely too complex for me. a virtual sandwich is like virtual sex or something, yes?
have they done an interview w/ the creator of the original cartoon since the election season?
not that i know of.
today = first-ever un summit on refugees/migrants. see work:
this is what i wear already,
coming up on tonight! hope you'll join us. great show lined up! ...
adriana you where great tonight
mengden will finish the season winless at the coliseum, despite allowing three runs or fewer in four of his eight starts here.
really like him. hopefully he is part of the future next year.
are you telling me you want this? because you know i've only seen like 3 seconds of one of them
of course i want it- but i don't want you to get it for me lol. just zoom in on it and look at the detail! it's cool is all
my truest self
this is so jaycore
not sure why the irf treaty was not discussed but it is more important to assure christianity before preaching demo...
preliminary concerns that muslim nations cannot uphold democracy need to formally evaluated. please see:
hardly a day goes by that i don't run into former student that greets me with love. love my job
i know it isn't, but that's the way it should be!
except for the clutch hit, literally one inning earlier
first two men on in the 11th, and nobody scores. but we should be ok, as aaron loup is pitching!
loving the write-ups of i'm seeing out already: by
and article by
crispy salmon with orzo, green bean, and cucumber salad
that looks pretty legit
oh good, is on tv. oh geez, and jeffrey lord. please save me.
you think jeffrey lord is worse than katrina pierson? or kayleigh mcannerny? or corey l.? etc.
paddy gal went down and shocked the country after that
great times lads but even better wen your in ny getten the micky bat sucked lol
despite my code running on and my name on ember committers list, it's embarrassing what i n...
i had to look up 'splice' today and still got it wrong
nah it's grass fed
what about in door water?
forgetting is not an option. you must see jeff in honor of our friendship!
hahahaha fuck yes dude obviously i would mever miss jeff
can't wait for 's upcoming ! anyone else going in sept?
yes so excited for !
dear you gave me civil war, which was beautiful. then you took peggy carter and mockingbird from me. twice. my heart can't take it
infinite sadfaces.
so josh gordon arrested and corey coleman broke his hand today? the don't need personnel, they need an exorcist. i mean, wow.
wtf cookie w.t.f. / my josh gordon fantasy position goin to zero i guess (ooof)
fyi, wendy morales was released on parole today. the case is still open, but she won't be in jail anymore.
great news thanks! i've been wondering about her.
restocks of these lil ones came in wohoo!! i'll assemble and ship preorders this weekend
omg these are soooo cute!
filling out us form today and forcing my brain to switch dates around to what now feels very much the wrong way: mm/dd/yyyy
this. every. day. still.
just makes me want to say
and that the president has the power to close the borders. he can also send you back to kansas i'm told.
aint nobody got time for that. vegas 4x this year is four times too many.
4x! that'll be my 2nd time this year which seems like just the right fit
fox news poll: trump tops clinton in battlegrounds nevada, n. carolina, ohio |
the serial liar is going down and going down hard. make america great again!
your forgot someone
i didn't forget
got him. puig goes down swinging.
he must not have been looking.
thatched cottage in the great 1h 40 min from ...
beatiful! my family lives in london, with many friends, also. thank you for the offer, will keep info.
oh of course. another thing that pissed me of is the news of brad and angelina was trending more than the two innocent men that
prime example of the hypocracy of the media sis h. they focus on something so meaningless rather than something that is major
how veterinarians help pet owners through loss
sorry to say that we have used the comfort room for our sweet dog pepper, but it was indeed comforting
just a reminder that sam bee and jason jones are against integrating nyc schools when it affects them
i mean, it may not be a popular opinion but you &amp; i both know that brown v board of ed was kinda over the top.
dont you dare cancel. we've been waiting for this debate! this rumor better not be true!
best news for trump ever!
will you be at nycc this year and will you have any laborinquea comics for sale there ?
no a at nycc. on october 5 i'll be doing be selling this poster!...
readout of biden's meeting with president recep tayyip erdogan of turkey on the margins of ...
preliminary concerns that muslim nations cannot uphold democracy need to formally evaluated. please see:
what's better than finding out u got cheated on love it
can't trust no one
old and new :3
those look like the same tires i put on my car.
someone please start buying usd
ha. cushing don't mean a thing when greenbacks got no bid
there's never a bad time to listen to turnover.
omg this is so weird loll
i guess fox is disgusting too. they did same thing
since ailes left, it is going left. only a few fair &amp; balanced,or conservatives left on fox
glad to hear it's a winner!
so many treats from . hey cece. hey fly guys. waiting for this darius cameo tho.
two of my favorite people in one tweet. love it!
aww, shucks. thanks lori!!
it's more fun with friends!
for reals toots - for reals!!
anyway, looks like it was nothing, but the socialization of women is going to get someone killed one of these days. great job, america!
also? i cannot fucking imagine how strong hillary clinton must be to stand up to powerful people and forces the way she does every day.
obama never ran his campaign on the race card.
no, obama never did. but it never stopped gop racists from disrespecting him as aa man. birtherism, secret muslim etc.
that actually helped the mets
this time... i'm just saying they should be careful
this is upsetting. is the most disliked player in the . yeah, let's forget about all the women beat...
he's has every right to kneel during the national anthem. we need to support &amp; love &amp; not hate.
were killed. like wtf! and they keep tryna say the guy here in charlotte had a gun, yet there's not video evidence supporting it
another prime example of how they twist everything around. instead of looking at the facts.
rule in - you are never safe - on vod 6 oct &amp; dvd 10 oct
is this available in usa on oct 6?
ks had a great time showing off their work and sharing their classroom with their families at tonight's open house. thank you!
great to visit with families!
ha ha, sometimes you just have a more intelligent conversation that way!
so true! i did answer the questions correctly! ha ha!
the majority of my audience is male and almost of all the people who send hate are female. i thought feminists supp...
but you don't believe in their doctrine so you betrayed them...or as some day you are an aunt jill..to me you are just fine
went to a media event alone. - - - - - help.
twitter and hors d'oeuvres in the corner type of night
what's with the name doctoral 'student'? | patter
all the more reason for students to finish the phd quickly lol
not against standardized tests-bout surpassing it. i don't agree- now schs close/teachrs eval based on scores
right now frankly standardized test systm serves as curriculum. based on middle class standards, problematic
anyone blaming 's henrik lundqvist for nathan mackinnon's ot winner isn't giving...
...mackinnon enough credit. he made a tremendous move to free himself for a shot in close.
talks about teamwork as central to growth as a designer &amp; emphasizes processes as the output of design ove...
on what makes good leaders: trust. learning so much about why i really like my current boss and aspire to...
can the schottenstein center stop sending me emails i don't live in ohio
idk that rodeo looks cool
humble sands ft prod by
y'all snapped bro
go on then, provide a demonstration of the descent of all life from an original form.
i have yet to see you provide scientific proof of creationism, oh yeah you can't because it is bronze age bullshit.
don't make it too easy girl, don't make it too fast
yeah that's it right there, that's it, do it just like that.
lol you ladies are funny! i'm just a poor boy from a poor family, livin his life as a monstrosity.
we need a name. ? ? ?
poll: donald trump tops hillary clinton in nevada, north carolina, ohio
hello what happened to florida....wake up
pizza? yes, please! order now with :
my area doesn't have coverage...but i live in nyc. seems strange
ok, kinda seems like they might've said "no comment"
right. wonder of it's a frankenstein's monster type thing.
they canceled it?
that's what i'm hearing.
happy bdayy to my woman i love u boo glad u didn't get a slip td, stay savage16
thanks ky ly
i am interested to work on your design projects. is our website. sidra is also my younger sis name :)
how did i miss this tweet? hello!
probably what i'm going to do , but empire is fire too
i honesty wouldn't know i don't watch it
this is october
without my mispelling a word
guys. seriously. video games are weird.
watching other people play video games is even weirder to me.
while waiting to cross broadway @ 20th, i saw 12 bikes, about 100 peds and 1 car. safe to say we can seriously discuss a car-free broadway.
and before the current design is cast in concrete!
on chestnut. :)
have you left for the day? want to say hi. i'm front row of main stage doing social media for
hey tim, i'm arab and i know she doesnt mean all arabs. but arab culture is extremely anti-black, whats the prob
for , there is no such thing as culture, just people with economic interests of false consciousness
happy birthdaymy day 1 homie i love you
i love this sm
no need for me to ever get a 7 plus, my kids never stop moving for me to get a clear photo of them anyway.
i take a burst shot for every photo. since it does 10 fps, you almost always end up getting multiple usable shots.
the color capture is amazing!! i need to get a new camera. what are u using?
not the greatest camera in the world, but it gets the job done - canon powershot sx510 hs
confession: i can't listen to sufjan without crying
i am the same when it comes to jack layton speeches
beautiful rosettte made with love by rachelle at
looks awesome!
so how come up to 40% will vote for someone they feel isn't knowledgeable and experienced
the double digits (i.q.) :)
glad i'm not the only one getting harassed
i always feel like i should unsubscribe but its source my amusement most days
but i haven't been totally invested in r's career like some others. need to see wife.
i just think (presumably) improv-based material really helped him. already love his editing, photography in moral tales
you have blue eyebrows. chill with calling anything else ugly.
hey blue eye brows are cute and blaire so are you
it's the whole "america was great, america is bad now" narrative. and it's just not true, and it's feeding into the whole public frenzy.
but i don't think the scene implied (or tried to indicate that) america was ever great.
why does this exist?
nobody knows.....
we get it at 9 local time, so i guess before you's guys?
shoot that's hella before cali! it's on here at10pm, so midnight in texas. i literally have to avoid social media coz spoilers
very rare moment where i 100% agree with trent that sounds amazing
it was great the first time. by the 11th it got a little bit sickening
you should really get t-mobile if at&amp;t charges you $120 for international data roaming.
ehhh not super impressed with t-mo
so many treats from . hey cece. hey fly guys. waiting for this darius cameo tho.
q: "do you have a concern that ppl will compare this to girls?" ir: that's a lazy comparison. they change once they watch
among my top 3 favorite moments in see y'all at 8 pm - boy do we need it!
uncle miltie and terry-thomas are amazing together!
good night isac yes bullying
hi honey, i wish you an amazing night. keep fighting baby
watching other people play video games is even weirder to me.
still, it reminds me of this piece written by -- which really helped me understand this whole thing.
no one who's listened to episode 53 has had their planet destroyed by galactus. just saying.
galactic destroyed my bathroom!
how does this happen.
student debt and housing costs, combined with lack of time to prepare your own food due to commute (and its costs)
house republicans offer collective shrug to trump foundation self-dealing
vote them out!
readout of biden's meeting with prime minister shinzo abe of japan on the margins of ...
please remember...never again:
student debt and housing costs, combined with lack of time to prepare your own food due to commute (and its costs)
and/or idiots.
ready to inject an iv of 2 buck chuck white zinfandel into my arm for the empire season premiere tonight
i literally just bought a bottle of white zinfandel too but for a different purpose
reflecting back on the last 9 months of film - and excepting dc - they've all been pretty good or at least noteworthy?
the discourse on "film is dead" / "long live hbo &amp; netflix" has never been interesting. there are compelling stories being told in both.
oh hell naw...that's one of their best books for real
i know, right?
lmao maybe he's just joe now
he became a model citizen . his name is joseph now lmao
nice! my brother! you did set the bar pretty high.
i don't about that haha, but many thanks for the good vibes! looking forward to hearing your show!
were killed. like wtf! and they keep tryna say the guy here in charlotte had a gun, yet there's not video evidence supporting it
even more so trump wants to make stop and frisk a must to law enforcement. giving crooked cops even more power.
hrm. i didn't like the article everybody is mad at today. but i have a real problem with policing what people choose to write about.
i agree that people are (and should be!) allowed to write about what they want. i do not have a problem, however, with readers
it's the whole "america was great, america is bad now" narrative. and it's just not true, and it's feeding into the whole public frenzy.
it instead reminds me of how i've always responded to people calling nigeria the "giant of africa".
on the 21 she has that royal event thing
ohhhh yeah forgot about that
i agree that people are (and should be!) allowed to write about what they want. i do not have a problem, however, with readers
responding with their thoughts about why said piece is inappropriate and damaging.
what the fuck!? can anyone who speaks anti-black homophobia translate this for me?
no logic in that bs
with mariah
i love tennis. shak never wants to play
was sued several x's b4 recently started accessibility changes to schls &amp; starting only w k-5
the thing abt disabilities they can happen 2 anyone @ anytime 4 anyreason @ any age wo warning ? is if it happend 2u
best theme song?
this is a good poll kev i can't choose between oth office and gilmore girls!!!!!
no but i have an upgrade so imma see.. idk bout those earpods tho lol
earpods are fire. they do mad shit they worth the $160 &amp; let me get that upgrade
breaking: sen. warren slams 's wall st donors, demands clinton keep them out of her administration
she couldn't buy her"cred"back for a billion dollars w/voters. she's 100% sell out.so obviously took wrong side
bay area birds, come check out the ar app i've been working on for stanford's museum. closes this weekend!
doing a little tour for friends tomorrow (thursday) at 6:30pm. message me if you'd like to join us.
it is the classic moments and stories of our lives that remind us who are when we are lost.
if it weren't for you getting back up &amp; feeling strong enough to let the anger &amp; pain pass to start something better &amp; new ty
how to make the perfect dark 'n' stormy ...with a twist
not a dark and stormy.
yeah, why is doxing me!!
the real question is why is asking for child porno
she's not dude, you havent witnessed how horrible arab racism is, wtf dude.
for , there is no such thing as culture, just people with economic interests or false consciousness
the media is always twisting things to justify wrong doings or to make others look bad. makes me want to puke.
my mother said the exact same thing sis s.
agreed...exception lou dobbs!!! who btw will be interviewing tonight!
that's right! hopefully trump will make him his press secretary!plus hannity, trish regan
what kermit the frog can tell us about donald trump
and tanaka rolling tonight 6:0!
at the walter kaitz fundraising gala with -
joy you as excited as i am about hannity/trump town hall on black america? i cant believe i just typed that.
u literally put ur arm in front of me to hold me back
lmao sorry it's just the mom in me
we are all gary sanchez on this blessed day
today as well
someone's gotta do a free month of hulu and binge watch because it's great
lmao once i'm done with my other shows
readout of biden's meeting with president recep tayyip erdogan of turkey on the margins of ...
concerns cypriot negotiated settlement will only be a bandaid. please know full resolution is possible:
i like how they've convinced themselves that trump is against *all* immigration and not *illegal* immigration.
well trump and is also for illegal immigrants if they work for him and or have big tits and nice asses
responding with their thoughts about why said piece is inappropriate and damaging.
(and in my opinions propagates borderline hate-speech in what should be a safe haven for people sensitive to lgbt topics)
honestly just skip the fillers and read the manga at the timeskip and i save alot of time
how many episodes does filler take up?
going on year 8 of being a product manager, and i still have no idea what i'm doing.
going on week 4 of being a product manager, this is both reassuring and terrifying
um, those shrimp and grits look amazing! but was it just as delicious as it looked?
the shrimp is sauted deep in garlic sauce, the grits are cheesy and fluffy. so yes, it is delicious!
what will "titles by annette" have to say about this new development?
a sigh of relief
that book was really good too. underrated series.
seriously underrated. i wish that book had been the model for the shield spinoff.
wow pathetic
pathetic is the billions the clintons stole from haiti. disgusting people.
india"s only condition is put an end to terrorism and terror startups which is unacceptable to pakistan
what do you say about state terrorism which is being done by india
warriors coach steve kerr came strong, and nuanced, on the kaepernick issue and the real message behind the non-vio...
speaks to the legacy of his father, someone who died trying to bridge a different divide.
it is literally the second week of school and the amount of times i have already said "fuck school" or "i fucking hate being here"
us leaving chem
expect your potato in 5-7 business days
you say, "potato." i say, "where is my potato, did my mailman eat it?"
q1a - - what was your first job? what age did you get your first bank account?
my first job was at 16 as a telemarketer selling credit cards. opened a bank account the same year
i think i'd like to get drunk on red wine with a good friend, watch the social network, and talk about mark and eduardo. 2010 is calling.
man i wanna do that
!!!!!! i just opened 2k worth of fifa points! only 2k and i got 1 walk out 86 an 83, 81, 80, 80, 80 , 80 and some popular players
video out soon @
portrait of the (con) artist as a young man or trump spent other people's charity donations on a painting of himsel...
- you can't run on anything you have done in 8 yrs.. you suck !!
it is the classic moments and stories of our lives that remind us who are when we are lost.
my heart breaks &amp; i think of you and what you have done or would do &amp; i carry your in my to push forward
watch my reviews of &amp; here:
can't wait! ty
what do you think
, interesting... i need to check it out
they sure as hell don't like having the tables turned on them. deplorable is about the nicest thing you can call a racist
i guess we're gonna see how many neo-nazis and klan members there are in this country ...
did you catch him?
lol. no. they were probably those furry people.
"bankers have financed every side of every war since napoleon." ...who else do you turn to when you need a lot of cash fast? the proles?
landed gentry, natch. it's not like wars weren't financed before napoleon, ?
i'm honestly not even okay this! via
us magazine is a big magazine this is huge
bay area : is looking for a senior travel editor in its oakland office:
i wish they were looking for sales people :)
. is now in 175 theaters! if you liked it, please rt. if not, carry on.
heard about it on , 10/10
bosch, man. he called it all.
hmmm, have we ever seen him &amp; nostradamus in the same photograph? i wonder... &lt;giggle/&gt;
cool graphic highlighting the difference between noise and bias (from
also the difference between accurate and precise
kinda true bruh... feel you on that because whites discussing the black experience without us bugs me too.
absolutely agree. ...i'm neither black nor gay.
now i have an idea of how badly it could, and would hurt.
if you haven't already put some ice on the joint.
today, september 21, 2016, i lived my nightmare. when i was changing the radio station in the car, a spider came out of the cd player
i would of died and crashed
mine spiked after i joined the list (couple yrs ago) but it has sky rocketed in the last couple months. geesh!
is it election related? my spam calls these days are all related to campaigns i'm supporting.
the people i know who use it do so for specific situations rather than as a lifestyle. like on work trips or at gps
it's disturbing. site is all "engineered food", and zero about how it tastes-you have to get used to it o.o?!
it's not there, but there are other ways!
i know you will find it! mwah hah hah..
honestly ill throw my tv out the window if victor doesnt win americas favorite
o m g me fuckin too because he has my heart forever and i'll drop kick julie myself if he doesn't get it
hmm, jersey sales. kids, other athletes following suit, can you guess who they're polling?
i know exactly who they are polling. you don't need to agree with kap's protest, but people
true, def easier in college than when an adult
i switched 18 months out of college - failure to secure my acct after id theft and extremely poor cx
...ok i see no chips !
we upgraded tonight lol
sophia chang is periscoping live from her twitter ! check it out.
is , or is that how they supposed to look because of them fucking umbrellas in ??
warren needs to flip over to trump!
how u know trump sucks. jon paulson living in pr tax free is a trump advisor.he killed planet w/mbs
i hope that they come down with something they can't diagnose, or have the cure for. i'm holding on to a grudge.
at least pretend you didn't want to get caught
diane guerrero is beyond gorgeous
yes she is
this is so funny to my still
ew my laugh at the end !
ryan that seems immodest!!!
. you can be the racy ankle-baring flapper of the internet :)
having a glass of wine and watching back to the future on amc.. no matter how many times i watch it, it always puts...
. my son at last year's nyc's comic con. my own marty mc...
ok i've woken from a nap several thousand miles from home to find my evening plans cancelled. someone help me not do work on holiday.
but it might be too late...
it's an extract from the newsroom. right after the silence he starts on how america was the greatest country.
ah, okay. context.
ad pat hobbs (56) chugged a beer &amp; people are freaking out. i'm 22 and no one will care. pat did nothing w...
like a champ too. clocked around 4 seconds. well done-- good choice of beer too.
we hella use pappy's in our household too, but mainly because it doesn't have msg and doesn't blow up my mom. my dry ribs tho
bruh i'm gonna get the prime rib rub next
dense housing makes traffic better, not worst.
should edit article title to say 'can san francisco build housing?'
visiting an alpaca farm sounds like a ton of fun actually
sounds so good.
ohhhh that's purty throw it on the snap
maybe i'll just go straight for the gram
but like how would a dentist b able to make that determination based on 30 seconds of small talk?
i suddenly want "josh at the dentist" to be a reality show
fuck sxsw secret show where she ripped my abuser's name out of her book and taped me b...
the day and week following i found some boys to love (and one to also sleep with) and let them live with me
totes a posse. i love her
agreed. this is the sticker they gave us.
my brows in the first pic tho
then my one brow lmao had to cut my face out tho
you should make a poll on the expected number of signers
that might strain my credibility a bit. :) but i'll retweet one!
just set the whole thing on fire and be done with it.
i'm picturing alan walking away from trump in slow motion, tossing a lit light over his shoulder. cue credits.
yes i am going on and i am not going to have my blood pressure raised!
your voice is heard on
do you have an alternative? the state department just admitted terrorists are coming in with refugees. idiots
source, please!
and everyone would understand if you did
the ups lady i talked to last night was nice enough to repackage one of the unbroken bombers and get it to me. so nice
i've been listening to his album on repeat for daaaaaays
i wanna go to see him on tour this year
readout of biden's meeting with president recep tayyip erdogan of turkey on the margins of ...
disregard for the rule of law if the most important concern today. please see full report:
exactly me too. or i just do snapchat videos. been mostly doing those recently now that moments is great.
i don't snapchat. i'm that idiot whose going to go down with twitter while the world passes him by.
*preyed on a child
. this was corrected courtesy &amp; "anthony weiner preyed on a child online."
false - crystal palace is only $8 for a handle, and was distilled using satan's swamp ass
% of alcohol?
listen to deport them by sean paul on .
beat is too slow on the entire album
wtf is trump even saying here? this is even more word salad than usual.
"it's really been doing a good job" how much more clearly truthy-ish could you ask to be?
the discourse on "film is dead" / "long live hbo &amp; netflix" has never been interesting. there are compelling stories being told in both.
have seen these takes a lot in the last month or two (usually surrounding stranger things) and couldn't possibly disagree more.
it had the perfect mix of action, spy stuff, and humor
perfect. the sight gags were top notch.
do you believe drake was already benching two plates when he claimed as much on "5am in toronto"? i do not. (he probably can now, though.)
i guess it's retrospective questions on drake songs day
i mean the fact you're paying over 2k in washington heights alone is ridiculous.
they claim they put over 125k in renovation :/
the future of trolling is people posting gang bang pics at each other
future? man thats so 2005. wake up.
who says i'm right with the spelling? best guess.
i read it out in the office and nobody corrected me
yep. they want to debate if it's a lie. no dammit, he lying.
. there are a lot of eds who work off the philosophy that "you let the reader decide for themselves." you just present the facts.
i mean seriously... has been amazing! a glimmer of hope for the future... go !
as a sox fan i have to give him full credit. absolute stud.
as of today, i am 1 week cigarette free.
what's good baby
that would be awesome! i have some stuff you might need to. let's definitely connect. shoutout to for putting me up on this
much love, kev! i hope you're well
have the same thoughts on ap courses in my son's hs. college "credits" but nothing like college &amp; crazy homework:
and, you get the credits, but still gotta pay $ to end up with extra at graduation
great ad. ty . fox can kma. they've been against trump from the beginning.
i'm with you sean and donald
when yall both nut at the same time
why did u retweet this tf do u know about that lol
how do you feel when a coworker calls you a nickname that you never approved of?
not good at all
q: "do you have a concern that ppl will compare this to girls?" ir: that's a lazy comparison. they change once they watch
's mentorship is low-key one of the greatest things to happen to tv.
congratulations. how long are you in town?
actually catching a 7a flight home to sf! i've enjoyed nyc but wanted to get back
nobody knows.....
i am so confused. how is this real?!
simply amazing! well deserved ! so proud!!!!
thanks brandon! p.s. you are so good on the get down.
it had to be done
only for shawn
on my way tomorrow b..warm up the bunk
lmao what part?
okayyy this is october for real
nowww for real
one white guy actually thinks obama was president on sept. 11, 2001. ignorant &amp; embarrassing!
guiliani forgot abt it &amp; he was mayor then. dementia?
the best of kramer - the pimp via .
. ck me out in this!! :) w/ :)
i love the osx accessibility feature allows zoom to the mouse pointer control plus two fingers
yes, love it too! that's a great advice for speakers!
downloaded the ovo store app to see if i could cop the all black ovo jordans and they're sold out in every size.
and now they're going for $100 above retail price on ebay.
it's a gift. i'm in awe ppl justify looting innocent ppl for a cop shooting someone.
. yet you ignore the bigger picture. protest and resistence to police violence, not looting, is what matters.
please: tweet me photos of bunnis? or: hot men in suits or both but in separate twees? please and thank you
i hope this close/cute enough
as president, i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you, the american people!
how about starting to be honest by releasing your tax returns like hillary has done?
on my way to the bay area
see you tomorrow bb
that's last snap
gotta hire someone for that
i've noticed this too and questioned my sanity. maybe more people are indoors &amp; online?
if your isp has line-of-sight links upstream, you might be dropping packets
craving a mint mojito iced coffee from philz.
for opening a location close to - between them and - no mindset
why are so many college graduates struggling to find decent jobs?
because college doesn't teach anything useful
seems to be a lot of these in the city
"we're not going to let them instill fear, because then they would win."
need to be held accountable for their actions instead of making excuses or lies to justify them killing people!
i second that decision 100% sis h. we need a better america. not amerikkka.
. there are a lot of eds who work off the philosophy that "you let the reader decide for themselves." you just present the facts.
. i ran up against that working at a daily. where an ed was like "we can't say it's 'a lie.' present the facts, reader will decide"
i had no idea there was such a clamor for crossing over...and at the kim k level
isn't this amazing?!??!
that's limited thinking, don't forsake our future! make a smart reasoned choice, not a reactive response. trump is...
this may come as surprise, but is not a "reactive response."
it is the classic moments and stories of our lives that remind us who are when we are lost.
a great friend of mine said "chin up stef, just keep stress free &amp; keep reaching for your goals. finish them no matter what"
catching up w suarez-orozco &amp; reminded of this recent spread abt hs exp. for refugees in id.
and might be interested in this reconsideration of our man erickson in light of global identities. rea...
do i even car about my birthday this year?
what if i said i'd buy you a new care ?
so apparently, there was this big scandal in danville... y'all ready for this story
so, apparently, some danville spouses were having marriage troubles, and were going to get divorced.. (totally normal)
"the west wing" cast members to stump for | getty
she lies and shoot at her own voters
i need more reusable chopsticks
well there should be no problem finding those.
those look like the same tires i put on my car.
they totally are the same tire i have on my car :d i like them, kinda sad they discontinued them for the rear size on my car.
40, i believe. haven't touched it since i got a job and could afford to drink anything better lol
a 6 pack of 40% alcohol.....holy shit i hope that happens
this paper is fantastic and a damning condemnation on the way funding for community tools operates in astro
thanks! if you (or others) are interested in adding your name to the paper, you do so here:
not yet. yes: write to that email :)
[expletive deleted] site, scraping req'd! i mean, do we still live in the dark ages of the 1900s? ;^}
for real. i need bashment level bpms lol
i got hyped when i saw it on but couldn't get too jiggy with it
credit cards....a whole different topic for a future chat maybe. wow.
mbna (now bank of america) had a call center in my hometown
eagles-bears ratings declined by double digits from last year's week 2 mnf game and is the lowest number since game moved from abc to espn.
keep kneeling. ratings will continue to plummet.
i think if voter turnout is &lt;50% it should be counted as a vote of no confidence and all candidates disqualified.
been thinking about this since i saw it and i couldn't agree more
you are entitled to your wants.
you "should" be dedicated to your needs.
the two dons. trump &amp; king. aren't they just perfect together? perfectly revolting.
don king has always been a joke and embarrassment to black folks.
wow can't believe the winner if bb18 was already announced
out of the girls she mine winner
aww we'll be goin to , &amp; will be goin too :)
have lots of fun at the greek! i saw him at the fox.... it was magical!
*...all that we are is the result of what we have thought. a thing of beauty is a joy forever...* -i...
*...one will have to pass through the valley of the shadow of death again &amp; again before we reach the mountain top of our desires...*
dude what at is a famiky?
family plus rick. famiky. lol. lol. xxxx
he refers to himself as "the canary in the coal mine" in every interview, as if saying it is going to make it true. he's boring.
his boringness is the worst part. this profile has already been written. theres no journalistic merit. its just stupid
this place is standing room only ppl. it's incredible the for mr.trump and r movement
how the hell can these polls say trump is still lagging behind her???
. i ran up against that working at a daily. where an ed was like "we can't say it's 'a lie.' present the facts, reader will decide"
. but when you see how (big deep breath) stupid people are. you really have to scream it out.
have the same thoughts on ap courses in my son's hs. college "credits" but nothing like college &amp; crazy homework:
but it's good. kids need to work harder than the next one. ap is good training, especially white males. separates wheat/chaff
this is demented.
actually she is a successful and gifted performer and you sir are deplorable
going on year 8 of being a product manager, and i still have no idea what i'm doing.
damn ur old now.
so, apparently, some danville spouses were having marriage troubles, and were going to get divorced.. (totally normal)
so i guess, some of the danville wives were friendly with some of the local pd, and had the cops set their husbands up with call girls
i don't know shit about this so can someone explain the two captain americas lmao
idk what's going on either but im intrigued.
then you are part of the problem.
i'll talk to them about their bigotry but disown someone that'll have my back thru everything is excessive you're buggin
i love snek one
okay that's literally both of them but whatevs
oh i don't post the videos. just save them to my snapchat memories. it's really great. all auto-playing and looping videos.
gotcha. i'll give it a shot... no pun intended.
and it was the perfect way to do a strong female lead in a series
well, i don't know that there's one way. i just know that it worked for me.
hahahahah! the memory is now strongly rooted within my banks and braingutz for daily recall. lol
glad to be of service haha the vine search engine is "on fleek" these days *whole world pauses to groan*
you'll get there.
thanks for that
this is late but how i met yor mother
i saw most of that
i love a good surprise! thank you for coming through ! ! !
you've had that shirt on for a couple of days now alicia... it's time to change you're ... thank you... bye now!!!
wow can't believe the winner if bb18 was already announced
out of the girls shes my winner
indiana fever team kneeling during national anthem tonight at wnba playoff game in indianapolis.
as well they should!
send to to hit it with some beforehand
i taught vogel everything he knows
the democratic party as done nothing for black people and we've done the most out of any other minority population.
all the colors folk just gotta get together and make their own party
it's an amazing story -- how sheer pettiness, the cool kids ganging up on the nerd, could elect a de facto fascist
i was horribly deformed and relentlessly bullied/harassed throughout high school and your metaphor is utterly full of shit paul
with this home run, asdrbal cabrera has set the single season franchise record with 20 home runs as a shortstop.
cabby has been key for us!
no thank you
i've watched the video about 4.0x10^8 times
aside from comfy mattresses, what helps you sleep at night? rt to
fresh air, a light fan! :)
so i guess, some of the danville wives were friendly with some of the local pd, and had the cops set their husbands up with call girls
so they'd go out, with said call girl, get plastered, and then they'd bust them when they left the restaurant for duis. and then the
sen. warren slams 3 wall st firms pumping cash into clinton's campaign - says they must be kept out of white house
. um, elizabeth, she's not listening. you've backed the wrong candidate.
if you've seen both, do you prefer das style (few errors, very dense, infrequent) or streaming (live, a bit less dense, more frequent)?
i like both! it's good to see you make mistakes and do bigger things. i've only watched half a stream so far. they're long.
that intro looks so good, it actually makes me want to read the whole essay.. good job!
hah thanks!! my prof didnt like it but i appreciate it :)))
not a huge fan of going 5+ yrs deep into a twitter to try and drag out receipts on someone (esp when it's a poc). people can change, folks.
i've got so many tweets that can be taken out of context. if this happened to me i would melt down.
honestly those things are good but mostly i like to read books and listen to other people talk about books.
if you're in soho you're near housing works cafe
i'm like 100ish episodes in. the characters are just so good even though i'm so far behind lol.
most i've watched was a few episodes of 4kids sub on saturdays ya yo yaa yooo
"we celebrate the achievements of , in jobs, in housing, in health, in education":
did he really say that???
there's really like 4 running around. steve, sam, america chavez &amp; roberta mendez
jesus. i knew about sam and steve but i had no idea about the other two.
. but when you see how (big deep breath) stupid people are. you really have to scream it out.
. and i think that's what the times is seeing (although prob not admitting). readers don't want to think. they want to react.
nah not tonight. i'll be at another spot.
cool. follow me back
anthony weiner engaged in sexting relationship with 15-year-old girl, report says; he gave this statement...
this guy is a sicko. he needs to be locked away someplace.
ok now i'm in favor of wall being built and putting these idiots on the other side
how abt walling in trump &amp; his basket of despicables!
wow, that would be wonderful :) next time i do a shoot i'll send a few your way!
writers.com or you can tweet @ us too
not sure what listeria is and why it causes recalls. but in the future i will recall wanting to name my daughter listeria in 2016.
i'm pretty sure it's a hysteria you get when you use too much listerine.
new hair = new heat
yooo why he cut it
the crawfords visited casa colina, where jalynne's father was treated, to make a $10k donation thanks to ...
why i love brandon and jalynne. hope to see you in the game soon crawfish! we need our professor at ss
who here attended ? (or wants to attend the next ?)
we missed the rescue benefit part!
i just been pooped on by a bird
lol perfect gif!
so they'd go out, with said call girl, get plastered, and then they'd bust them when they left the restaurant for duis. and then the
wives would use the duis against them in court.
and i'm back keeping america safe. boy do we know how to laugh and have a damn good time my friend!
we certainly are good at that, my friend. thank you, gary. always a blast with you.
all the colors folk just gotta get together and make their own party
the democrats, republicans, and the poc
ohh you meant the seagram lol they're like 4% - thought you meant the crystal palace
go the lairds....want to hear him get hammered on some really shitty alcohol
i got folders for days
dropbox me bruh
but if he killed him he wouldn't have done what he did so they wouldn't send him to do what he did
yeah that's the part of the joke you have 2 let go 2 enjoy the first part, it just ends @ "yes, sir"
because i bank with them haha
you should close your accounts because they got busted for fraud
tulsa officer who fatally shot terence crutcher told police she was "never so scared in my life," her lawyer says.
. . of an unarmed man with his hands up? would you even post this if the dead man was white?
oh my! that made me laugh!
. . tweeter asked if i wanted to see their vagina after liking a tweet. i have not responded.
sick hillary supporter speeds through school zone, loses it on a homeowner who supports trump, screams at cop!
lol funny how she knows the 1st amendment so quickly
stop the black on black war first!!!
that's a racist thing to say, although you probably don't think so. cops are not supposed to be criminals
didn't one of them go hydra
yeah steve did lol.
iv'e already put some ice on it, but thank you.
i'm sorry young lady. hopefully, if you have them, some painkillers &amp; a good night's sleep will help. i'll keep fingers crossed.
look at the progression of those cords/ribbons/ranks.
look how much i grew
cannot wait!
also this.
george: more likely to be fatal if 1. delayed presentation 2.advanced age 3. comorbid .
v v rarely fatal except in dev countries kids often get too much iv fluid ---&gt; heart failure.
yes i got an interview to be a caregiver for brain injury survivors
got the job
i presume you have watched the videos. what about all of the people that have been killed make you think they are 'thugs'?
most of the victims (thugs) were shot while committing a crime or while ignoring police commands and reaching for a weapon.
. i see maybe this will be safer or at least make it less trashy in the gutter !
yes it most likely is lol busy night tonight don't need distractions lol
no wonder jim hill blocked him.
who's jim hill? sounds like a loser
i just want to let you guys know that i'm crushing tonight.
i somehow cut my ankle in the shower this morning. lots of blood... and no, i wasn't shaving my legs... left trail of blood..
richard sherman declined questions from reporters and instead gave a statement on police killings...
as rodney king once said " can't we all just get along?"
i ended up working for the bank i used in high school and college.
that's super neat - at end of day security was tipping point... when 1 kba answer was all that was needed for an ato i was spooked
i promise if i die horribly you won't find out about it on twitter
you'll have to watch naked news
for the longest i thought you were an engineer. did you pm at box too?
yep. i've always done platform stuff so i'm basically 40% engineer.
are you here at tc?
ya! i waved at you!
my boobs don't fit in my bridesmaids dress. oh joy.
thats a problem??
shouldn't have listened to the ww1 poetry podcast, sobbing madly into my pillow..
jesus, that such a thing exists at all...right?!
cookie lyon is back for her family. returns tonight at 9/8c.
oh dear did that striped fur get caught in rain.
i feel like if i ever had a dating profile it would say something like: "must love hobbits"
that should narrow down potential dates
we're not mad at all christine...we're not mad, you dig good my sister. chop knuckle!
oga, thank you
it was me... sorry not sorry
lol this is not a joking matter! i need my lip scrubbbbbbb
stop the black on black war first!!!
if you are ok w/cops shooting down a man after his car breaks down you are supporting racist terrorism.
lord they cant be this stupid
don't forget who your dealing with politicians of course there that stupid
his plan is literally just "mass incarceration."
my guess is not mass incarceration of all types of people, if you catch my drift...
ugh we should probably just move there
but actually
this guy is going to vote. make sure you do too.
this guy cant vote. 9 meth felony convictions.
tulsa officer who fatally shot terence crutcher told police she was "never so scared in my life," her lawyer says.
. stop wondering everyone hates corporate news. for
last night thank u irvine
spotted me barely
this is the same group () that campaigned against brexit and lost. good luck, losers. no one resonates with your crap anymore.
that has to be the most desperate twitter page ive ever seen. there isn't even any evidence as to why not trump.
maron. gary sanchez is the rookie of the year.
but has he played long enough?
hey daemon is there an email available to speak to someone involved in the ign houseparty?have some questions before buying.cheers
i guess it would help to know what kind of questions you have?
when you clowning in a group message and then someone says "who the fuck is 617!?!?!!"
can confirm, this did just happen
. and i think that's what the times is seeing (although prob not admitting). readers don't want to think. they want to react.
. in today's climate, you can't rely on readers to make the connection themselves. you have to say "this is a lie."
paypal: your money has been transferred to your bank my bank: bitch where me: bitch where paypal: new phone who dis me: dies a broke bitch
born a broke bitch, dies a broke bitch
govt should use tax system to promote accessible . letter from in sunday times
of interest:
the 4kids dub where they forgot to edit out sanjis smoke so he is a chain lolipop smoker.
4kids where they made mr. popo blue
yellen helps dodge a bullet | ap photo
if woman want to vote a female in office than get one who does not lie to the american public and had integrity
happy birthday christine!!!!!!! hope you have a super great one!!!!!!!!!!! &lt;3 miss you :(
thank you so much, bianca!!!!!! been too long since we last met up maybe next year?? haha
i would say human rights violations, but if you want to go with the amount of tech they have, then sure.
lmao i guess this guy would be shit out of luck there
as a maritime attorney i advise that it is rightfully yours
i'm not sure i want it. &lt;looks back at life lived and life ahead&gt; okay, maybe i do.
i feel strange faving this, but it was primarily b/c i chuckled, not b/c the thought of you dying horrible pleases me. fwiw.
no i tweet about my life and death solely to ridicule how dumb it is
the second division potentially folding before us bids for 2024 world cup is a terrible look. let's remember that.
russian fed official led thug armies @ euros, qatar...where do you start? us could hold entire event tmrw in college stadia.
you already know abel's album is about to be fire since he cut his hair
only real fans will understand this ahaha
i vote third, because i just think it would be fun and interesting to quarter troops in my house.
i'm all in favor of repealing the 18th amendment (again).
omg. another clown sighting. hide the children.
you are a bigot and definitely in the big old basket of deplorable is fabuous
idek how but i fucked myself over and i'm still at work doing shit so fml
my pity party is going great! thanks 4 asking
look it up it's amazing! tomorrow is sold out but i think they have tickets for friday as well
oh nah this looks hella official.
we need a president who sees the best in all of us.
if cared she would just not post this. that girl can ignore a bad joke easier than this depressing commercial. so can we...
"today, every major investment bank has one," / 's bruce usher on what impact investing
benchmark per curt labelle's ghif fund with : lives saved, lived improved 's eve
nah man its me now
no it's not lol
is there going to be more banshee? or a spin off
what more banshee
everyone needs space.
there's one person holding the rail. his orange pants are clashing with his yellow bag.
it's the usual formulation: "i thought he was reaching for a gun (or for my gun)... i feared for my life." memorize...
. go back and look at the police account of every officer-inv shooting ever, going back decades. police know the formula works.
it's cops and/or whites aren't involved they don't give a fuck about their own ppl.
people do. very much so. it's so sad what is happening in places like chicago. but police shouldn't be killers.
about to cross off a major bucket list item: see brian wilson perform pet sounds in its entirety live. been waiting a loooong time for this.
that is super cool! enjoy.
its always exciting when i arrive for nba broadcast meetings but i head home with a sad heart at the loss of bob fitzgeralds wife carol.
may her memory be eternal. she was quite a lady bcause everyone of bf's colleagues gave a beautiful tribute. brotherhood.
note: this is the nbc/wsj national poll's first transition to likely voters:
let's hope the lead holds.
no doubt! i would never vote for that racist, sexist, bigot blow hard!
to this day it surprises me that people would want that orange tinted blob to run the white house....
weather looks better than my trip into ksan this morning on vrd960 in the a320. have a great flight....
that's awesome! about to take the real vrd960 down there!
by not rebutting any of 's factual reporting, the trump campaign has basically confirmed all of it as a...
a great follow up would be legal consequences. fines, jail etc. what is at stake?
omg good job sis!! it was just motivation
another excuse to be a hoe in the castro this friday
there a place to see rosters??
i'm not sure if there is an official public posting yet.
i don't agree with everything here but mostly in the ballpark
"smart dust"?
clinton campaign manager expects she will fact-check trump during debate-- "making sure voters understand the facts"
based on how the media has treated her, she's on her own and knows that.
your latest news update video is cut short.
good looking out! we'll get that fixed asap.
imma look more into it cause really i jut went off what ppl said on here lol ... and helll naw cuz
what u got now the 3gs?
your town is lit the only thing thats happened in my town in the past 5 years is a murder suicide
we have no violent crime honestly. like it's one of those towns, but it's hilarious half the shit that happens
9/11 was obama's fault coz he wasn't at his desk in the oval office when it happened. i bet that guy's allowed a gun too!
obama wasn't in the oval office on 9/11 b/c bush wouldn't give up the presidency he stole from gore!
credit to the oh so fly, oh so talented .
of course the mustang alum is behind the magic
can you imagine being the interviewer and not losing your mind?
it was joke and jordan klepper was the joker. get it? never watch daily show?
. trademarks are adjectives and if you don't protect them, you loose them (asprin, escalator, heroine, thermos, etc).
also lose is spelled lose. :(
at what point in your delayed flight do you start wondering if you need to prep to be tom hanks in the terminal?
look if you are in the western part the world and look like you i think there are way better movies to aim for
since there's a pretty image going around for this now so here are the that are: me
now here's three fictional characters that i -want- to be like
it's a ruse.
if natalie dont win its cause julie tampered with the votes
roberta is from the 2099 future like miguel o'harra &amp; chavez was cap on an alternate earth
nah but this whole thing with miles morales is bugged out. this just happend in civil war 2!?
im sorry "the anime gets worse" the manga itself is fine
what gets worse? filler?
no doubt! i would never vote for that racist, sexist, bigot blow hard!
that's like allowing a 10 year old to hold a loaded shotgun.
... and it became wells fargo.
don't worry it wasn't wf - another big dog though
gonna do a little facebook live about fall tv with in 10 minutes. it'll be over on the facebook page. keep an eye out.
ending of premiere episode a ridiculous attempt by to dip a hoof in diversity cash cow model
remember this
may they never have another cast do this lol
sick hillary supporter speeds through school zone, loses it on a homeowner who supports trump, screams at cop!
there is something wrong with this woman.
guess i'm not throwing out this bag huh
cat's in the bag
hey california liberals you ok with this? i didn't think so!
they don't care. they created this so they won't admit their wrong
blurted out proudly that i have disorderlies on laserdisc before realizing that's something no normal person should ever say. w/
that movie taught me what alfalfa sprouts were. and that pizza was so much better in all aspects.
if they were really concerned about black lives they would go to places like chicago but they don't
alot is going on to combat neighborhood violence, which is very closely tied to income inequality.
hbd to the cousin i tried to drown when we were 4 all because she threw a vienna sausage in the hot tub! i'm glad s...
thanks babe, and i forgive you if you forgive me for throwing a bowl of gravy at your head at a buffet in missouri
i checked in at serramonte shopping center on
i'm down the street at my grandparents house
august wilson is the most-produced playwright of 2016-17; no. 2 lauren gunderson is most-produced living playwright
also the most and 2nd-most produced playwrights in america write primarily for black actors and women.
aside from comfy mattresses, what helps you sleep at night? rt to
i like to have the house quiet, and a good pillow! :)
absolute truth
there's a module that proves it's the absolute truthy
there's one person holding the rail. his orange pants are clashing with his yellow bag.
i seek to break apart the class war in front of me.
which week 4 college football game are you most excited about?
michigan penn state these nitty lion fans have been talkin so much mess it ain't even funny!
the movie brotherly love really done fucked me up
what's it about
how did you manage that?
self inflicted with a chair...
stole millions of dollars meant to rebuild haiti.. no msm outrage. hillary kills black people. ...
willie boy clinton's foundation has it so he pay-off obama to protect queen hillary from jail!!! he is doing it!
in my room enjoying this feast why
me and nairobi and laura here!!!
age is no excuse for not knowing the awesomeness of lizzie mcguire.
as soon as i read that, this song popped into my head:
hey commie..because crooked hillary lied about her foundation, emails and benghazi. how long have you been a marxist?
you misspelled aristotle.
if anthony weiner keeps this up, he's going to ruin his chance to become mayor.
he's got the under-16 demographic all locked up...
"mr trump at least had a sense of humor and isn't bought by corporations." that's because he is the corporation. smh..
fuck dump trump he's a hazard to us and a corporation thief.
also gave me bad digestive probs. later "versions" supposed to have fixed that issue.
i think the name is less tongue in cheek than we think &amp; it is probably tongues &amp; cheeks.
. where's the video?
click on youtube link
2016 isn't 1968. protest votes in 1968 helped elect nixon. let's hope we're not that stupid again....
don't miss this wake up call. trump is an existential threat. hillary is experienced, worthy, &amp; qualified. ...
's mentorship is low-key one of the greatest things to happen to tv.
turning racist into fans
i thought was the tone we used with fake chirpy human service reps reciting from ring binders, too!
bots are proactive inquirers. perceived lack of fear is awkward for humans robo-fomo. we get over it?
matthew is this true? cause i taught nicky c everything he knows so i technically taught you?
i taught you how to party
on does it( finally) and closes on front end of fcs .....
industry consolidation, higher roe going forward imho
u have my favorite reactions to the sky! they are consistent, kind, and gentle.
that is so sweet of you to say!!!!! i lov 2 react to the sky and im so happy they make u feel that way :--))))
nation of islam leader calls for economic boycott of charlotte
lol that's actually good for charlotte. people who dislike the nation of islam will pour $$$ into it.
atom. and vscode. it's pretty good.
yeah me too
live on : some jazz music &amp; nyc new york city
if you like jazz. check out my favorite of all time
thanks, man. i'll see what i got for pain killers, and trust me, i've had a long day. there's no way i'm not gonna get sleep.
good luck then! i'll hope for the best!
rahmee deadass got a man and became less funny what is my life
omggg what you both tweeted is extra funny to me bcus your names look so similar
sorry sis i agree. i will cut a transphobe or homophobe off quick af. family or not.
i'll educate them but at the end of the day my mama got me more than anyone. not cutting her off for shit
takeaway from this tweet: i have yet to watch stranger things
what's the holdup?! it's great!
breathe deeply, try to relax. you got this.
it didn't work. i ran home
"our country is stronger &amp; more prosperous than it was 8 years ago." read 's letter on our economic progress:
if u want a woman in office than back anyone but hillary , so has no integrity
just pulled into dq line. six cars. the good news? will be central division champs by the time...
everyone in line has good taste, as do you. dairy queen = great milkshakes.
these men are only wanted as witnesses. i think they can even keep the duffel bag.
reminds me of the old joke about stealing wheelbarrows
even if it's a valid shooter. animals start riots even before the facts are in.
you call people animals. whether you identify or not, you sound racist. that's sad
yup! you can start from 4:30
watched. for a scene from an american tv show, that wasn't bad. lol. you think the producers were making a political statement?
oh, wow, that collar is fabulous! how was lunch with mom today?
was excellent! perfect weather &amp; people watching!
so, trump black outreach led by don king, who calls african-americans, "negroes". for hispanic outreach, he has a taco-truck loathing latino
is looking for a new outreach gig?
acquaintances of yours, like anthony weiner? &amp;
you did not answer. you know the daily stormer is read by some americans. i don't know anthony weiner.
survivor rolling into designated survivor tonight ... not sure the dvr can handle this. jack bauer as president? i'm in.
dennis haysbert needs to show up as the head of the secret service or secretary of state or something.
this girl in my class loves biting her nails
when she's not looking put hot sauce on them to get her to stop
mix reese's puffs with cookie crisp because two beautiful things shouldn't be separated
you are beautiful and an inspiration to me
y'all really be cheating?
it sounds lit
stop hatin and let that man be a sugar daddy
hell to the fuck no
look, mr. garfield is pretty intense. looking out for y'all. btw, great stuff you offer!
much appreciated!
we're so sorry that the security tag was left on your dress. could you dm us these details so we can try to help? thanks!
i don't know how to send you a dm..
[laughs to death]
on another level, i know that has called her support for iraq war a "mistake," but has she ever apologized for it?
. go back and look at the police account of every officer-inv shooting ever, going back decades. police know the formula works.
"he reached for my gun...i feared for my life." (dorismond) "i thought he was going for a gun...i feared for my life." (diallo)
that's me lol come thru to plymouth tonight
absolutely not i'd rather learn the language hvala very much
a great utk event last night. i met with some interesting secret keepers after the show...
what a beautiful puppy!
right?! last i heard, they were deadlocked here in nc. like for real? i thought my state had more common sense...
if you'll pardon sis h. it's a red state &amp; most are still holding on to those southern racist legacies
could be great economic success of this century
400 companies in earning revenues of $1 billion
either thomson reuters is being painfully honest or someone doesn't really get how a venn diagram works.
i've been walking past that ad for a while now and never noticed.
flashback: poland refuses to accept any refugees bc of "threat to security", will not comply with eu "blackmail"
smart people these poland loyalists! to bad our president cannot do the same! a few more months, then gone by, by.
why is it when every teen in a show is doing homework they're trying to figure what mitosis is
what did the brother cell say to the sister cell when she stepped on his toe?
everyone needs space.
"sorry there's no room" - black man on bart
yes! saint bernard
that puppy seriously melted my heart
a blatant lie! daily mail says there are "more than 65 million migrants roaming the world in search of safe or rich havens."
agreed. but an easy error to make given unhcr's ridiculous agglomeration of numbers that is about 60 million.
omg what is happening to me now?
you're about to have a palmbuster.
tort is so damn good and i'm not even finished yet. it's like sy bounced back from her so-so book before this.
really? but this is another braden and joss story right? but a different set-up? have you read roman crazy yet?
hey mark, just letting you know you're a cunt. go suck off your liberal pricks...and go fuck yourself while you're at it!
say hi to christ for me.
im gonna sleep on that tiddy
his soft boobies
a very prolific writer and arguably one of the best storytellers alive, he is still a phenomenon when it comes to t...
i've read more books by king than any other writer living or dead.
wow, so famous dex is not only a horrible rapper, but got caught beating up his girlfriend
why yall think this shit funny?
you can individually set up read reciepts for each contact on ios 10.... so lit
i have that on ios 9 tho
then that. but i did hear she is ahead in the polls right now!
sweet!!!! it's a very tight race. that's for sure.
this is a depressing poll...
so much for starting corey coleman this week...
i wish fit offered double majors
you can always apply for one major for your associates and switch to another for your bachelors!
. def your chance to do so!!!! &amp; the rest of the gang will to have you there
i'm here. hi!
lol you ladies are funny! i'm just a poor boy from a poor family, livin his life as a monstrosity.
tito's feels right about now..
turning racist into fans
q: what do you want ppl to take away? ir: i want people to relate, see black people as human, as regular too
i think people are over-thinking why trump is competitive. he's the gop nominee and he's winning about 90% of republicans.
didn't even supposedly wise students of the right like us expect more of a dropoff due to his idiocy/corruption?
i may be alone, but i fully expect harvey, matz, degrom and wheeler to be back with a vengeance next year
you are soooo not alone! it would still be great to have this team make the playoffs
9/11 was obama's fault coz he wasn't at his desk in the oval office when it happened. i bet that guy's allowed a gun too!
bush was to blame b/c he stole the presidency from gore &amp; ruined the country. obama was a senator.
blm was outraged by the shooting in nc the other day, turns out the guy pointed gun at police. wait for facts before outrage
just because they said he did, doesn't make it the truth, police have a history of lying you know
is a stand-up guy &amp; i would love to vote for him. needs momentum..
he's not register
so my question of the day is, what is your favorite character that i have created?
mister terrib- i mean, ryan choi.
if that ho dick ridin and always on your dick then nigga don't even fuck with me if you can't put that hoe in her place.
i'll be the one to gladly fall the fuck back.
mrs kramer said "no, thank you for coming! it makes me so happy to see so many people enjoying this picture!"
the audience burst into applause for edward everett horton's cameo!
to make it short the anime starts stretching out the episodes to stay behind the manga and they also add more filler
the sj special
my further research into yields a shocking (and lucrative) discovery!
"as far as i know from, amm.... youtube" - :patrick: ewing
hmmmm twitter is kinda boring rn *exits app* *1 second ensues* hmm i'm bored lemme go on twitter *opens twitter*
wow tell me more
even your mate donald the lunatic has been out saying he doesn't know what the police were thinking.
some cops should have better training, but police budgets all across america have been cut. good cops are leaving the profession.
wow my world is turned upside down
it's surprisingly a norcal v socal thing
and a personal note.
i certainly can respect that retraction an apology.
no shit? nice. tight race for the last few spots man
tanaka has been very good!
you didnt answer my question little stalin. wen did you join the communist movement?
you misspelled when.
have you heard 'i want you - 2 cha cha latina!!!' by steven t. easter on ?
. can u cha-cha??? :)
ofc some toonami "fans" are imagining i'm lying, or putting a spin on this? ya'll constant doubting thomases.
blessed are we few. read the tweets of space knight, for it is toonami gospel, and fear not the cancellation
why do i live in danville
be grateful
i tend to agreeing with that
enron wasnt a victim to kenny lay...
fuck yo whole foods apple juice i said what i said
never. motts &gt; juicy juice. ocean spray &gt; juicy juice
indeed. launched with insta stories
lots of inconsistent spatial hierarchy in insta. frequently try to swipe to camera from profile, which does nothing
just finished stranger things &amp; now i have no idea what to do with my life
try breaking bad
if you can't handle a burger, animal style, with fries animal style... just go home.
lol ca is just nuts. yesterday gov brown passed a law that limits cow farts. kid u not
what happened!!
idk i saw some kids snap of the fire alarm going off
exercising in tights is great though.
it was a clothes joke. sigh
o/u 500k ppv buy difference with mcgregor on vs him off it
under for sure
picking something up at the store. stream shortly. i promise lol
always misleading your followers marc
who do you think owns the lawyers?
from what i can tell on twitter: jewish freemason shape-changing reptiloids
we really need to get to the bottom of why obama wasn't in the white house on 9/11!
try looking in the senate.
"he reached for my gun...i feared for my life." (dorismond) "i thought he was going for a gun...i feared for my life." (diallo)
"he fought for my taser. i feared for my life" (walter scott) ..."thought he was pulling a gun..feared for my life" (mike brown)
nv: 53% non-college whites vs. 47% college whites + minorities
peak balkanization in the melting pot. sad!
their rust belt appeal cannot be exaggerated.
in most parts of the country "west wing" is a cowboy chicken wing franchise.
own goal: minister of police flouted the law, rendering hawks head a lame duck | daily ...
- laws only apply to others!
i've waited a long time to show you this! introducing the new branding. tweet me your thoughts...
for you guys asking, the project was completed in-house by our talented art director and head of video
two skills i've really had a chance to master as a vc: (1) signing up for accounts at new services quickly, (2) signing documents.
the first one will also be helpful for a career in product or ux/ui design!
it's clearly obvious it's her haha
she looked young
i have two pvm's and a bvm that need repair (this is miguel btw. you borrowed my snes mouse one time)
i know it's you!! i literally just searched "tv repair" on yelp and called the first one that i got a good feeling about
scraped n in loterria
i won 4 times in a row
i can't wait for halloween
dressing as what?
just remember, we've gotta have electoral votes. i love the huge crowds but the electoral college is paramount.
bernie the communist done it with free stuff, can trump do the same? his daughter started it off, good.
wooooow where'd you hear about that lmao
i was at the bar at asconas
no need for a pardon sweetie. i agree. we're still stuck in the past down here. makes me sick
though some places up north are a bit racist as well.
if he was a kid of color the cops would of been there a long time ago, real guns drawn. y'all know it's true
it's true. they would have. it was my first thought when i saw the tweet. what a sad place we have become.
my man, my friends and my parents agree that i have no common sense. racist...that's a stretch.
ana is racist only if stupidity is a race!
richard sherman speaks passionately on the recent police shootings.
is this the beast mode guy?
when your friend is driving then they swerve and they say "lol my bad"
when we saw that raccoon on the highway
i'm the only non-white person here
lmfao that's bullshit and you know it
i certainly can respect that retraction an apology.
and also sorry if it came off as trolling .
"the product 's guide to conversational commerce" by
thanks for sharing brian!
thank you for this
eat enough cereal for the both of us, mike
what you doing in new york?
i go to school out here
everyone pretending like don king was the first person to say the n-word at a trump rally...
lol, classic
yep this definitely sounds like the guy who got five draft deferments and trashed a pow
and the pow votes against over80% of any bill for vets or military-look it up dodo
what's your go to order from the chinese food spot?
general tso/sesame with pork fired rice or boneless spare ribs with pork fired rice.
you asked me where my outrage was. why would i be outraged before seeing the facts?
i was referring to the man shot in tulsa, there was no gun, the man needed help not a bullet, where's your compassion?
it's basically gang related drama, but in the mist of all that there's so much more crap going on lol you gotta watch it tbh
thanks girl
are you kidding me, aj styles is much better than dean ambrose come baby get real
i'm sorry but the champ that runs the camp
i thought the whole point of alternate was alternate she racist af lmao
wooooowwwwww. nah i gotta get on this series.
switching out the caps. always an exciting, and sad, occasion.
epsecially since destroyed their great product. i had to hunt for an older version on ebay. but we've seen some times...
that is a strict commentary of the toxicity of 's campaign
or strict commentary on the sexism of privileged fatheads.
because she was, it's when she had red hair
yeah i know
someone asked me a while ago about ca. just got report from ca. trump trails but is gaining ground rapidly clinton 43% trump 39% moe 3.6
wow is that real? dangerously close
the decision would be based on whether that disease will prevent them frombleasing a normal life or not.
i am not going to debate a stranger on basic human rights on twitter and why eugenics is a bad idea . sorry
too bad i never said anything like that.
len she left us bro, let's go get cigars and talk. shit
more than 1/2 dozen trump press releases today attacking the clinton foundation, after superb trump foundation expos
methinks he doth protest too much...
personally, that's a serious fuck up. a regular relationship not as bad, but while married that's very serious
lmao i'm telling her to kick rocks, don't let the door hit her where the good lord split her.
i know it's you!! i literally just searched "tv repair" on yelp and called the first one that i got a good feeling about
so i'll recommend them to you if all goes well. i'm paying $170 to fix the power supply and replace all the old capacitors
hey this is my lizard
sticks legy out
readout of biden's meeting with president recep tayyip erdogan of turkey on the margins of ...
without full accord that addresses the critical issues of our past concerns in our nation are evident today that include...
wits named one of the world's best 200 universities
- wonder for how long?
hey mark, bought a douche bag the other day and they gave me mark harris discount, it includes a free dildo
glad you got what you wanted. enjoy it. bye now.
: you forgot gaddafi was going to massacre people of benghazi.
vote for trump, guys. that will make it all better.
yes! or as pedro cerrano, an allstate insurance agent.
"if you don't help me sell insurance, jobu, i do it myself!"
do guys even take girls out on dates anymore??
still questioning this lol
i've said something similar, expletive redacted, to two branches of government now. repeatedly.
blew me away to get there to dig a bit last week &amp; find i was going to have to scrape the place... ugh
huh? not it's not. completely diff characters sila. yung joss and braden was just a bonus from those who pre-ordered.
ah so different story pala. i will download it in my kindle and check it out
do the bucks have another real shooting guard on the roster? is rashad vaughn a thing? are we due for malcom brogdon? jason terry? ugh.
malcom brogden is a player
okay but did we say that cops getting killed is okay? no we didn't because thats not what were talking about right now!!!!!!
that's so gross what a shitty human sorry you had to listen to that bullshit:/
u know how toei fucked with dbz super at 1st? like that but worse
i stopped watching super at like episode 3 lol. i wanted to get back into that for the future trunks arc
proud of &amp; and your massage : " education above all " in you are a successful model for qatar youth
thank you abdulaziz, i appreciate it.
it's not there. i'm not stupid, it just doesn't let you do it with spark-generated gear.
no one is calling you stupid, relax.
no doubt! but hopefully hillary will come out on top.
yes. we need someone like her to move america forward. not backwards.
prim-and-proper but with a fashion-forward slant:
i thought that said anal clooney.
days after attacks, obama pitches more refugees via
send him a message in canada, early if possible. no way jose!
"he fought for my taser. i feared for my life" (walter scott) ..."thought he was pulling a gun..feared for my life" (mike brown)
"saw a gun as we pulled up...feared for my life" (tamir rice.") "thought he has a gun..." (sean bell).
happy birthday 2 wonderfully unique &amp; 1 of a kind gems! hope this weekend is packed with tons of love &amp; happiness
you're the sweetest. thank you
i thought you @'d me the alcohol milkshake place, not this popeyes thing.
how creepy is that.
evo gp-pro best. all have smooth &amp; quiet motor functionality. unreal stabilization. battery life. support on feiyu sounded lacking.
even better than gopros?
readout of biden's meeting with president recep tayyip erdogan of turkey on the margins of ...
...religious legitimacies of muslim peoples to intimacy rights to greek christians and traffick or abuse.
whole heart - gryffin
i second this one!!!
. is an extremely underrated sneakerhead. here's why:
sneakerhead's sneakerhead, influencer's influencer...? lolz
blm was outraged by the shooting in nc the other day, turns out the guy pointed gun at police. wait for facts before outrage
dylan roof had several guns, killed many people, why isn't he dead? why does he get to stand trial?
controversial theory: they have more than one of each muppet puppet .... like backups .... sometimes they get switched w the original
i'm gonna blow the lid off this thing
i say no. they are rather convenient.
agreed - i don't see that being a cause. definitely brand img damage in terms of cust. acquisition imo
. president on shooting: community has every right to be on edge
that's what the democrats want to take ur rights away and rule the black voter
so i'll recommend them to you if all goes well. i'm paying $170 to fix the power supply and replace all the old capacitors
also i'm in the market for an 8-13" baby rgb monitor if you come across one
listening to your tiff episode. it's great, but your summary of vice is especially spot-on!
you get a big shout out toward the end of the ep by cribbs.
"saw a gun as we pulled up...feared for my life" (tamir rice.") "thought he has a gun..." (sean bell).
it works virtually every time.
. on our efforts to deal with a dangerous world.
# days not in session &amp; least accomplishments of any congress put lie to gop's "committment" to accomplish anything
very important post 2day about headaches and blue light. shout out to for their great lenses
we're glad we could help, chloe!
so far so good in chicago. dropped my coffee and was given a free replacement and ate mac &amp; cheese pizza
she's such a rockstar
youre so observant. i get it, youre too stupid to know that you are a communist. hows your boy bernie doing,the little lenin
you misspelled you're.
you are winning at life today, my friend. winning at life.
while i might have had a good day, i can't forget the two families / communities torn apart by police violence.
readout of biden's meeting with president recep tayyip erdogan of turkey on the margins of ...
i am shocked this is possible be/c they are not christians the healthy fellowship is disrupted among our people.
dear django, i want you to go far in life, like really fucking far and just stay there.
listen to some django and chill
a german grocery chain that crippled its rivals in the uk is about to invade the us: via
wow. aldi and now lidl. why go to germany when i can stay home in the us and shop here?
phone been as dry as menopause.
'cuz you forgot to text back
forced to eat spinach vs forced to have anal sex. conclusion may be correct but does the former trivialize the latter?
he's a comedian. probably. wondering what my choice of quotes says about me now...
energy ministry awards 2nd contract, a short-term r20m deal, related to zuma's r1trillion nuclear build plan: ?
- must start earning those kickbacks!
did a bit of cap analysis tonight. can't see any circumstance where jpp &amp; hank can both resign
hard to make that big of an investment in one position group. but the giants cap situation is very strong right now
uh oh the orders are all out - so sorry! the fun continues on - airing !
you ruined my night. why would you do that? tell them to put more orders in, i'm crying
btw i figured out what you're trying to tweet oct22-26 the voice s12 blind auditions. you mean keep our and hopes up 4 g
yes exactly!!
did you see this? if trump releases his tax returns $6 mm will be donated to vets groups.
supporters don't want him to. we count you don't.
reality tv super bowl, here we go! this is either going to be the best night ever or james is going to win
james for the win
stop with the nonsense
my only option
i'm so confused as to who this actually is...
sweetheart he is ben, just give me a follow and i'll steer you around him
unfortunately yes. im paying more than minimums now bc i want to min. interest but it's still crazy how much it costs 4 college
college costs are out of control. and the states have dropped their investment in unis so the costs have shifted to students.
in 2015, household incomes went up and poverty went down. explains our economic progress:...
this president is either hallucinating or smoking some bad ass reid's
holy shit this thread. blinding. ignorance.
except for sparkly hitler. that was worthwhile.
oh, so visible: overweening arrogance, disrespect for others, insolence, dishonesty, her demand to be crowned, her...
imperious hateful harridan!
lots of inconsistent spatial hierarchy in insta. frequently try to swipe to camera from profile, which does nothing
and btw swiping the other direction from main screen takes you to dm's
every time i see a team member with this status in flow my heart grows a little bit.
slack needs that desperately.
opinions lead to policies that destroy or promote life.
we can agree to disagree then
look at you, and all that fine dining.
im willing to spend that 1.79
we changed prize from $150 to super nintendo for hack day this weekend make cool stuff, meet cool ppl. rsvp yes -&gt;...
trying to convince your friends? show them photos of our office
massive personal news: i've read all the important messages in my gmail inbox.
do my emails go straight to spam?
the trump family that i know. don't miss this video!
great patriotic video i love when the donald crosses the highway
forever wishing i could just live in disneyland
why are you so cute
considering you can't add fabric to a dress, yes.
gotta let them breathe. white trash the wedding up a little bit.
you are winning at life today, my friend. winning at life.
seriously, my heart is breaking.
then i have always been an adult. so this is what people meant by "old soul"
exactly!!! u mature 4 ur age miya!!
up close with oakley radar pace, the wearable that may help you forget google glass
missed opportunity, lance! missed opportunity! we dm'd about this!
"intellectually" dishonest??? hahahahaha!!! evidently you're deaf, dumb, blind, and common core illiterate. deny! d...
buh bye girl and watch your persian back cuz trump and his basket want you out
psa: i think this is the first time i've seen the ue roll 2 bt speaker for $80
lack of play/pause on those was infuriating. had to return.
a bit like we buy any car, but for london houses.
same as - the keith rabois backed company. v interesting
really gonna kms bc i have to do this presentation tmr
it'll be okay buddy
psa: i think this is the first time i've seen the ue roll 2 bt speaker for $80
lack of play/pause on those was infuriating. had to return.
sick hillary supporter speeds through school zone, loses it on a homeowner who supports trump, screams at cop!
lol she picked a fight then says he was harrasing her. cunt bag
blm was outraged by the shooting in nc the other day, turns out the guy pointed gun at police. wait for facts before outrage
why can't the police disarm black men? why shoot to kill? can't they shoot below the waist? where's your compassion?
hoping what wasn't you
that i wasn't the only one thinking that was ariana grande
designer's playlist: + her recommendations for tools, books, resources, and inspiration...
best twitter handle
we've got running set from 8 to 10pm tune in at
we're live! get locked!
we hope that tri-blend tee kept you cool on the hike, elizabeth
the tri-blends are my fave for workouts!
and a genuine question, you seem to be a creative / spiritual person. how do you balance that with such closed views(ur biog)
i was more open minded, but the years i've spent in nyc have hardened me. here you really see the difference between good and evil.
i do. i'm fine. but maybe if the people keep insulting me i'll vote hillary? lol jk
like u guys did in primaries? your delicate feefees r so much more important than fighting climate change?
*...one will have to pass through the valley of the shadow of death again &amp; again before we reach the mountain top of our desires...*
[soft hair on black holes] *what is history but a fable agreed upon? time dissipates to shining ether the so...
i know but since i'm "not allowed" to drive on the public street past his house i'm not too worried ...
the police endorse donald trump so that should tell you something
if they open the live action version like this, i might have to change my opinion on it :)
i think every movie should open like this no matter the topic, lol.
target acquired
stay on target... stay on target...
honored to be gracing the cover with my dear friend. a true artist and trailblazer. a...
fantastic b/c this was unacceptable
comes to races. i love/hate everyone equally. no matter the race. haha
here here. i mean everyone needs to step out of the dark times of segregation &amp; into a better/peaceful future
great news the house just passed 's bill to help crackdown on iranian terror financing.
gangs on the streets, big wallstreet fraud, illegal bankruptcy, paid off judges, outrageous taxes. no end.
happy birthday ! have a good one &amp; jb always!
thank you so much!!
also sounds like a good idea!
it's happening
if you vote clinton, refugees turn your city like this video while your family fears!. she will let million of thes...
many will have to die, before obama legacy stops killing americans. his muslim friends are dangerous. shariah law for everyone bs
mike pence spoke out against name calling... what does he say about his running mate donald trump?...
pence is a hypocrite.
cam newton types like a myspace bio
def jus struggled to finish it
if you wondered whether the silicon valley learned any humbleness after , here is your answer.
perhaps i need to read more about this. busy with other stuff. but yes, probably will fail. but why not aim high?
so the worst thing to ever happen to me was have someone's pet chihuahua lick my ankle in the middle of a movie because it was loose
a) why do you think it's a good idea to bring your dog to a movie and b) why do you think it is okay to let it out
i want them to pillow me
motor boats him
wait was that a thing for ios 9 and i just missed it? lol
i think so lol
scandal? like this?
no a lie that actually killed americans. watch
east coast/central! the explosive premiere of starts now on !
i'm not home yet!!!!!! :(
what day / time did i say for the love live podcast again? tuesday (9/27) at 7:30 ct?
i thought i was going to be on your love live podcast? geez
tv is still the most effective mass comms tool in a gerontocracy
it's certainly important, certainly far from the most efficient.
lmfao you know what bye
let me see that invisible text thing u was talking about, i dont think i have that feature yet
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
you are the ugliest piece of shit ever
the verge is really hanging their collective hat on this no-headphone-jack thing.
they're definitely overindexing on it but it's a real problem.
i hate wantin nice things but only gettin $300-500 per paycheck &amp; havin to pay for insurance &amp; gas
oh and ik i make decent money for bein 17 but remember i have a girlfriend too and a car that loves to go to the mechanic
this is a better troll than i would ever have the energy for
i missed what's being trolled but it must be ridiculous.
did the cat make it out? need more updates
it's half-bag/half-cat now
i would have screamed
it brushed against me and i thought it was a freaking rat, i have still not recovered
and it's folsom weekend, oh girl better get the **** plug out
omg i totally forgot about folsom omg time for some shopping then pretend thats a collar lmfao
in the new trailer right now
are you still moving to texas?
was alot of stuff. people are freaking in a good way and some scared of the nerfs
what i don't get with people about the nerfs. every single one makes the game better and more wide open
there's a(nother) browser based ide in oracle's developer cloud service ... for
bs as a service ...
where should i go for my birthday next month?
i spent my 30th birthday in joshua park! if you end up picking there i can send you the geodesic dome airbnb we stayed in!
how long did it take you to come up with that bryce? lmao
lmao i got it from that one episode of my wife and kids lol remember?
that sounds delightful tbh
i didn't know it was loose or in the theater, i thought it was an affectionate rat
the time has come to encase gary sanchez in bubble wrap and lock him in a guarded closet, if need be, until february.
i hope it portends a better career arc than kevin maas or shane spencer
"how is france?" well
ship me some??
my mom met bruce smith and jim kelly when she was pregnant w me so i basically met them
well i actually met brice smith what a small world
boards, how hard can tv repair be?
well that's where mine is sooooo lol has a guy he works with that might be worth calling
thank you for making wrestling magical again
i would love to hear him call a match
q: anyone hike franconia ridge loop? how difficult (a relative term) is it &amp; what time do i start to get done to enjoy a burger &amp; cold beer?
done the ridge a few times. counterclockwise, climb up is fairly steep, but ridge itself and downclimb aren't bad...(1/2)
great new polls! thank you nevada, north carolina &amp; ohio. join the movement today &amp; lets !...
"fox news poll" says it all.
yo do you guys have any tickets for someone who absolutely loves everything you do.
ahhh we wish. big love. we'll be back. tusuy.
sitting with my granny , finally brought her stuff lol
bitch as late as you went you coulda waited i left work at 4:20 lmao
she sure is mine! this is where i got her: she weighs about 6 pounds and is a wonderful dog.
u r a love. thank u i'm in ny the place is in virginia
do you remember at the time sean "shitstirrer" waltman claimed chyna confronted him at the funeral?
yeah, i've heard about that.
cleared to run... oh my
that's right
superbugs, the "greatest and most urgent global risk"
so is global warming and all the other bs that democrat spew
amen! preach it shawn!!
yes ma'm!!!! xoxoxo. it's good to talk with you on this subject sis h.
haha throw backkkkk!
haha, i miss those days, and you! are you coming to alumni weekend?!
what's this?
all i can say is...
livin' my life like it's golden awards!celebrating people of color in advertising and marketing!we're here...
out here looking like a chocolate oscar. i see you guh!
am i being book trolled here or what's the deal
1. looks like it's an actual book based on a search. 2. if your watch requires a book to operate...
this might go 19
shame no one told josh donaldson that
everytime i hear the game diss sean kingston i die. that shit is so fucking funny.
he got all kinds of fat jokes for him lmao
oh my lord. in a dark movie theater i would have flipped.
it was extremely not okay, i lost years of my life
the thing abt disabilities they can happen 2 anyone @ anytime 4 anyreason @ any age wo warning ? is if it happend 2u
the fact is mst ppls lives, professions, families &amp;/ educ w/b affected if they became disabled bc of lack of accessibility
i've literally said zero about low raw ratings the past 2 weeks, yet some r stating i'm "bitter" because i'm "burying" wwe. enough already.
you have nothing to be bitter about
readout of biden's meeting with president recep tayyip erdogan of turkey on the margins of ...
example is when i take food and taste it or enjoy it. christians never have harassed me but the muslim forces are very mean.
first round of drinks on and i at the ballpark?
cmon there's no way he's still on first round....10th rounds on us!
yes and it barely fits my pocket, so sweet, looks cool.
yeah, this basically
ok but the fact that the one fight homer has, is between two girls who both used to go to cortland is actually so funny to me
there actually was another one between 2 people who were not originally from cortland
the day and week following i found some boys to love (and one to also sleep with) and let them live with me
i went home for shitmasssss
hold up
but you kno ... gotta remember mfs wasn't raised like us
who is us president barack obama most likely to pardon for transmitting classified documents or other crimes toward the end of his term?
the only way he can pardon clinton is is she is charged; which she hasn't been.
rainy hike at angel's landing
still breathtaking i'm sure!
.'s evisceration of the wells fargo c.e.o. is a reminder that very little has changed in banking culture.
why we finding out now warren you just woke up stop sitting on your hands and do something instead obliging hillary
let me know your impressions of people as you get to know them or first impressions!
what a big bite on that guys neck
yes! this should be our intro to the show :). also, loving the beard :).
thanks brother!
spending time with children in need. this is awesome! what gives you peace? via
spending time with 'special needs' students.
shawn mendes medley: treat you better // stitches // mercy
better than when my bae serenades me. haha.
readout of biden's meeting with president recep tayyip erdogan of turkey on the margins of ...
...as though tasting and enjoying food is a sin. i get very harassed by them. see my reports un vaw.
i feel like u can rewind yr citizenship as far as u want... just be careful not to end up back under the spanish crown
i would like to rewind even farther: "citizen of earth "
do we really need an interview with this guy? he non-stop whores himself out in any platform he can find
i actually reject 90% of inquiries
what was your most disappointing meal ever? mine was at
had a few meals at in nyc which were ok, but was awful-years ago, think it is now closed.
signed a lease! i'm officially moving to the best nyc borough! (hi roomie )
why are you moving to brooklyn? i thought we were living in queens
bhbd !!! hope you're doing well over there!! miss u and the random stuff we relate to each other with haha love u &amp; gb!!
ouch bakit late jk haha ty anj rly missing all the cray math stuff we got ourselves into :-( see ya next yr for sure tho hehe
fda commish robert califf's call for retraction of $srpt's pivotal study may be unprecedented, writes.
this story is never not going to be crazy
high school shit
i miss that hat nd those shrooms
done the ridge a few times. counterclockwise, climb up is fairly steep, but ridge itself and downclimb aren't bad...(1/2)
...if you're quick, you can do it in 7 hrs, but i'd give yourself 8 or 9. 8:30-9 am start will get you down by dinnertime (2/2)
for the first time in 2016 cnn, msnbc, and fox carry clinton rally and ignore trump via
ratings. he is out. she us in.
what are dank memes?
what is vape lyfe?
q: what do you want ppl to take away? ir: i want people to relate, see black people as human, as regular too
issa on making la a character in highlighting its diversity + richness
- yes ali, however in the apple 10.0 software it moves it to health. i was at dr office &amp; couldn't find my med list, it moved
exactly!! it's the health app you add the info in, and you give app permission for it to appear on home screen.
i don't fault jimmy fallon for not being a journalist. i do fault him for his willingness to serve as hell's court jester.
where's the pickle jar mark?
maybe we're going about this all wrong. okay wait: trump supporters have you seen these? ewww how can you vote for...
"is that purell in your pocket or are you happy to see us?"
live tweet with tonight for the season 33 premiere at 8/7c.
i don't feal it's fair wuth the age difference
i am three feet from the router and have had to restart it five times today. how is it possible to suck this much
don't rent a cable modem/router!
table read 4 mind blower written by to be directed by ...
can you guys wait until tomorrow for extra teasers. anxiety already ramping up.
i'm tired of negativity and political bickering. like this post and i will @ you with a compliment
you are such a great friend, ik i can trust you with everything, and i'm so excited to play with you the next 4 years!.pd
new sensation: being really bummed out about being right.
pessimism at work
top shelf insult. have you been watching married @ first sight? i just caught up and wow.
im behind 1 episode. watching tonight lol
tito's feels right about now..
any day now he'll be coming out with his own line of emojis. titomojis?
my 6th grader had his first debate team practice today. feels like i'm unleashing the kraken. and you think i'm relentless.
the nut doesn't fall far from the tree.
rebecca tight at me for some reason, and i'm tight at the chinese delivery guy for not being here already
maybe because they both don't like you
i may or may not have a new little puppy friend who's five months old and looks like a chihuahua / italian greyhound / retriever.
his name is buddy. they found him wandering the streets of san jose, with tapeworms. but he's all recovered now. has to get used to it here.
readout of biden's meeting with president recep tayyip erdogan of turkey on the margins of ...
the other swing (i am austere compared to most secular christians) is excessiveness, especially in sex practices. these are major
good looks bro, time goes by quick .. next thing ima be playing again
that's right and getting that ring
it's hard to have hope in our country when encountering people like this but happy to see you're not ignoring it :')
that's so true:/ can't believe he thought it was okay to actually think/say that. just tryna be a decent person!
unbelievable this is a must watch 17 second video that will convince you not to support
queen hillary cannot tell a lie, nor can she tell the truth! if her mouth is moving maybe she can, lie about lying?
you have been a disgrace for two days now, you are pushing a racist bigot
i thought it was just be. i turned. chris gets like that. he is really a jerk most times.
told u!!!!! the proof is mixed in that mozzarella stick pudding !
you're a monstre
this is relatable thanks for ur time
thanks for ur solidarity
we can't be happy for anyone else if we aren't happy with ourselves first.
i find myself, analyzing myself, dissecting myself, to understand myself, to rebuild myself, to create a better self of myself.
ready for some great speakers including for an symposium
this is awesome! wish we lived a bit closer
don't trust the waiting for superman hype. so problematic.
absolutely consign! your tweets on fleek!
running hapa was so crazy that my sous chef got a repetitive stress injury and had to quit cooking completely. it's hard work for shit pay
if ramen were easy, i would make it at home.
what syg laws have done is transfer the magic words from police to civilian gun owners' hands. that's why no initia...
and of course the point of syg laws is to sell more guns by making gun owners more comfortable using them on people.
you too. i like to be able to have a civilized convo about this instead of a heated argument.
sis h. i can tell you stories. i've been though that as well &amp; i get called the n-word afterwards.
no it doesn't be happy it's your birthday
thanks girly!
we need to teach you a thing or two!
it's just not very good wine, so i have a hard time choking it down
q1: beauty stems from the inside out. what does inner beauty mean to you?
a1 i love being confident of who i am
hey give me just a second. i'll brb
alrighty!!!
honestly when it rains it pours.
i was just listening to a song called "when it rains it pours"
belated happy birthday ! god bless always &amp; i hope you enjoyed your day
thanks a bunch, andi!! have a great day as well hehe
readout of biden's meeting with president recep tayyip erdogan of turkey on the margins of ...
...issues today that have somehow been granted a legitimacy i never knew in my good christian life. food harassment &amp; sex
you get a big shout out toward the end of the ep by cribbs.
would also love to try and rope you in for an ep of on a topic of your choice anytime you like.
if you see tracks, think train. several roads and walkways on the cal poly campus intersect or border railroad...
thank you for supporting awareness. i look forward to our ongoing partnership! nancy sheehan-state coordinator
question - 2 what are the most popular regions in america?
my most popular regions in usa are county and
"intellectually" dishonest??? hahahahaha!!! evidently you're deaf, dumb, blind, and common core illiterate. deny! d...
sad "twitter drive-by" comes out of nowhere curses me out and blocks me
this private garfield fb fan group is the last sincere place on the internet
keep the nermal discourse respectful! (please don't send me the frog pic)
not to mention toppings and very long hours spent prepping. so why do people think it's easy? 2/2
probably because they don't understand/appreciate the hard work and time that goes into restaurant-level cooking period
my day job is working w/ ceos of large companies. i haven't spoken with one who supports trump. he commands no respect in biz community.
in nyc trump is considered a circus man and is shunned in biz and socially. no one likes anyone in the family
we haffi beg him bring back 2 soap fi we!!
irish spring?
thanks lil bro bro i see youre in manhattan how ya doin
im doing good mang when tf you comin to visit
...raise funds every year. seems like much of the nonprofit world is wasted on marketing.
i disagree. resource limitations force frugality and rigor. with no constraints...
maybe we should start the question with a dumb fuck premise like "the all powerful security council?"
.fuck's sake. the security council is less powerful than the average anime student council.
now you're talking (as long as you mean the )
yeah, with the turtle and elephants
i seriously need prayers &amp; positive vibes... please send this way.
always praying &amp; thinking of you sis.
sorry to hear that.
shailyn! let's not ruin this for me.
blm was outraged by the shooting in nc the other day, turns out the guy pointed gun at police. wait for facts before outrage
where's your compassion? why are you so apathetic to lost lives?
i went home for shitmasssss
and nads came for thanksgiving!!
"where the small girls at.."
anthem for real
there was a train taken out of service. service has resumed with residual delays.
commute was a total nightmare all week.
moment captured by disco queen brit at the superior merch party.. in the midst of a marathon mix
in your uncle's song of jacob zulu shirt you fuckin stud
i guess you should get brownie points for admitting the fact. that per diem has pretty much been spent through the...
yup! and i'm ok with that. :)
new: used more $250k+ from his charity to pay off legal settlements of his for-profit businesses.
nice list of donations.
wait when did u lose the hat
right before i moved to texas!!
i use to think college was the only way to success. wish i knew then what i know now about what's defines success
dm me if you want info about how to make your federal loan payments more manageable. i work in higher education policy/
right now on all in
should show the entire clip of trump's remarks, "he looked like a good man" is the edit, then he says, (1/2)
layers upon layers of cool - "equity for effort v2.0" by
thank you so much! i can't wait to discover how it plays out...
never, really. i remember cabs never showing up since i've been a kid here.
i wasn't allowed in bars pre cellphones and ride sharing, so kind of ignorant to whether it was a real thing
this is amazing and inspirational on so many levels i wish i was there
we wish you were too i told calvache and she was just like oh chuchis
so are you telling me these statistics are false?
and where are the stats from saudi arabia? oh that's right they don't keep stats because its the norm.
that's fine. the same happened to me during a npota activation. epic fail.
i'm suspecting that won't be a problem for my trip to death valley, there is virtually nothing there.
me watching at loud metal festival in october.
uhhhh yall are coming?
i wonder if bucks will trade for bojan now that km is hurt
idk if you're serious, but i highly doubt they would give up a first for 1 year of bojan. not much on the bucks roster that is
question - 3 can you still buy a great bottle of for under $20?
yes!!! shop around. in mendota will deliver!!!
just caught up with sonja gibson - worn out after an energetic minister's visit!
sonja does an amazing job for victoria in sf. as for exhaustion, plenty of time for rest when we're dead :)
this is where you messed up...fried chicken sandwiches
ya i fuck w the fried chicken but i'm exploring the hot dog you feel me?
hard work pays off. ss and fams learn 2b safe, responsible and respectful on line. we did it ...
you take on a ton, make it look effortless, &amp; drive important impact
and the freedom to protest? all countries have lost vets.they didn't die so police can go around killing citizens.
my childhood friend died of cancer after serving in desert storm. blacks rioting in america's streets don't honor his sacrifice.
one true love: background art. could pixelate day and night night and day forever and ever true love, marry me pls
plis can i hire you to do some background art?
i wonder if bucks will trade for bojan now that km is hurt
interesting and available. if a trade were to happen we would probably have to take back monroe
i hope everybody has the opportunity to experience unboxing a brand new 70-200 f/2.8 at least once. it's a magical experience.
august 1994 (80-200 then). that was great for sure. as was opening the 20 2.8. and really so was the 50 1.4...
how's this?
nice bro that was close
q2: our skin is our largest organ! what do you do to keep it healthy?
a2 i smile.drink water and walk
why is everyone at college sick is that a thing . i havent been sick since the stone age... tf
believe me its gonna hit u soon i just got over a sickness its so bad
i steal dog food from my job for all the homeless people with dogs not sure if i'm doing a good deed or not
robin hood things.
thank you!!!!
your building an amazing community:)
new life goal: to join kehlani's all-girl dance squad
love the choreo! and the diverse all-female dance crew
i wasn't allowed in bars pre cellphones and ride sharing, so kind of ignorant to whether it was a real thing
my parents would call, be told "10 minutes," and they'd never show. same happened to 2 guys at the bar today.
watch clinton lies
this man has gotten away with more lies than the state of california. look it up while he was president.
hellllla bouncy
that's how i be lookin too
should show the entire clip of trump's remarks, "he looked like a good man" is the edit, then he says, (1/2)
"but i might be clouded, i just spoke to his family." so, trump sees what is good at the time.(2/2)
mariners +103 1.25u ya that's right.....living dangerously today:) game starts in a few hours - early action:)
good call for the man they call corona!! wasn't pretty but fun in the end.
new: used more $250k+ from his charity to pay off legal settlements of his for-profit businesses.
wow all that hard earned tax payer money spent campaigning for hilla...
that's odd, unless if you have a segment booked on them. please dm us your locator when you have a chance.
just dm'd you screen shot
mike pence spoke out against name calling... what does he say about his running mate donald trump?...
you are warped.
get out of here
that's my friend !
to quote j. cole: "a tad extreme i know" but i believe we have the capacity to get there
i think ethics has a relationship to progress - every leap forward has ethical detractors, and we usually adapt
kiara spent 50 dollars on candles today. one of them is named "leaves".
she did it again but this year she bought 2 candles named leaves
last night thank u irvine
come to sfsu i will have your children
. a picture of a man who gets into his work!
definitely has ever ready batteries on hand!!
see that is just so uncalled for! it is never ok to use the n word. i don't like it when anybody uses it! ok brb lol
thank goodness for the block &amp; report. though still. it's like no one can't agree to disagree or speak reasonably without..
and nads came for thanksgiving!!
i kind of got a cat by accident
i don't know lol
oh i thought there was something funny
see that is just so uncalled for! it is never ok to use the n word. i don't like it when anybody uses it! ok brb lol
being venomous.
this is funny, so abstract and misplaced.
- is obviously out of his tiny little bigoted mind.
happy cake day much love bro
thanks bro bro love you too
never take my advice. except about index funds. those are awesome.
actually i liked the index funds ep with bogle and buffett and i have my whole 401(k) in index funds
i'm thinking about the fake proposal at fya during turnstile's set last year amazing shit
the one during power trip at tihc 14(15?)
the frustrating thing is now everyone has bought into it and they want to go all "anarchy" hence my strong objection.
very clear now, thank you.
we're live! get locked!
dj bianca playing some soulful selections this evening on
coming from the woman with this hairstyle.
fuck i dont have that fucking hairstyle anymore fuck you
to quote j. cole: "a tad extreme i know" but i believe we have the capacity to get there
intentional design of our systems is the key. it's not a simplistic question, it's iteration and observation.
is it that hard for someone, anyone on this panel to just google "implicit bias"? there's a wealth of info available on this.
let's make it really, really simple: let me google that for you
interesting and available. if a trade were to happen we would probably have to take back monroe
we need shooters and he doesn't space that much
reminder! watch live tonight 7:30pm
travis kids are watching from home and loving what they're calling the quality of the ...
mary made buffalo chicken dip im crying
yes, but...is it as good as mine??? choose your words carefully
i only read dr suess books, cause they have nice pictures to help explain the words on the page
that's how i order my food.
lucy is everything i strive to be in life
that hat, shoes, bag combo on point
i, um, this, well, i, um, ok.
it'd be great if he would've just pitched the game before....
are you alive i have some alcohol related plans to discuss with you
yeah i'm alive. gambling.
reminder comes to in &amp; near nyc next week. for more info
. thanks for coming out to
what if you are just anti-things by default? is there any compelling reason to be pro-refugees or islam?
there is a very compelling reason to be pro-refugee: these are the people in the most dire need in the world.
painsme thatwehave 2chant&amp;protestblackisnotacrime,meanwhilebackinamerica,theywillnevercare unlessyouhitthem
i have no concern whether they care or not but i peep what you mean though salute
getting rim checked i'm already knowing, but you off to college already blud?
yeee so it means chicken &amp; 2k on hold
not serious b/c we need more shooting. also even in their desperation bojan isn't a first unless rio play translate...
that's what i thought. but from marks perspective you can't trade bojan unless you get an interesting piece back or some type of
i don't even know how to make my communicufiom bc delibcrate
my hand writing is encrypted
not serious b/c we need more shooting. also even in their desperation bojan isn't a first unless rio play translate...
1st protected or not
my housemate stuck a polaroid of himself eating scalloped potatoes naked, one ball visible, on the fridge. it's rly testing our friendship.
cover his junk with a doodle of a boot?
what about me?
lmao carter you ain't shit next to carlisle step off
sad that as a 17 year old i still have to deal with my teachers being petty and doing this shit without telling me.
this annoyed me just reading it
tis random.
hillary duff sang it.
amazing again! 3 in a row! ...
awesome!! tried making a pano this time:
don't forget! reply to our questions for a chance to win a beauty bundle from &amp; .
a2 we are what we eat.so true
what if you are just anti-things by default? is there any compelling reason to be pro-refugees or islam?
the need for being pro-islam is to defend culture, norms, and the beliefs of one and half billion people.
if you are a mariners fan, you are the biggest red sox fan in the world for the next two hours. boston win keeps seattle two games back.
it had to be this way, right? we don't know quick death.
donald trump embodies the spirit of america.
don't you think he should know about america first?
i'm sorry you aren't a fan of either. i happen to like both, and yours is the first negative feedback i've gotten....
i think you are a beautiful woman ... just the dress doesn't do you justice
the superstar emcee took an unfinished track that was laying around and turned it into a monster posse cut.
what posse cut? was this title meant for a danny brown article?
there are few things i endorse as highly as global entry. it's such a phenomenal service.
i applied for it in june, but won't get it until october
millennials get a bad wrap for being the generation that gets a participation trophy and expects things handed to us...
but someone (hi gen x i am talking to you) decided to raise us that way
issa on making la a character in highlighting its diversity + richness
q: "where do you see yourself in 5 years?" ir: "opening up my own studio."
shifty people glitter skull t-shirts for $24.99 online at
check out our online store at
new: used more $250k+ from his charity to pay off legal settlements of his for-profit businesses.
wow, even obama knows about hrc.shes bs-ing the black communities li...
the thing abt disabilities they can happen 2 anyone @ anytime 4 anyreason @ any age wo warning ? is if it happend 2u
accessibility isn't jst abt physcial access 2 facilities it incls avail accessible jobs how mny r there in ur professn
i'll be on the tonight! discussing presidential politics &amp; more. hope you'll tune in! ...
never heard of you adriana. i was impressed
cried tears of joy on several occasions last week just because i was in "the room."
y'all don't know a lot about where i come from, so you might not understand. but this means so much to me. every moment means so much.
msu has bruce springsteen blaring at practice, which is one way to prepare for a game in the northeast, i suppose
bob, i've got a big tailgate planned at patriot place parking lot. you stopping by?
anyone good at pharm and want to help me?
sure i'll plant some crops and milk some cows for you
why won't you get to visit germany?
i prefer not to be raped by muslim migrants, so germany will have to wait.
do you think he knows how nice
him and bb take turns motor boating each other every day
1st protected or not
rio bojan probably
so when is the "whatever we are old salty east coast &amp; screw fb group" starting &amp; maybe can get an invite
it meets up everyday, you know where, you know when.
these problems are endemic to appalachia &amp; the reasons behind them are complex: educational, economic, political, and most of all, cultural
rural appalachians, one of the most marginalized groups in the us, are also excluded from most state &amp; federal social programs
best believe our team is going to leave their hearts out there , but only god knows what will happen
that's right
what's the point here? he's satan!
never have i thought so loudly before "he's the anti-christ!"
a new national poll has clinton leading trump by 6 points ahead of the first debate
democrat lovers cnn i hope ur happy when they miss with ur 1st amendment than we will see how much u love the social regime
lol thanks for that happy to you too
lmfaoooo. touch.
and nads came for thanksgiving!!
went to art outside and my car got moldy
i've never heard a flawless dylan impression; but this is *damn* close.
it was very good! damn talented.
literally same. currently on my laptop doing everything but typing my paper
sameeee mine is due tomorrow and i haven't started it because idk how to start it
yeah man you definitely a whole freak
lol deadass
his name is buddy. they found him wandering the streets of san jose, with tapeworms. but he's all recovered now. has to get used to it here.
buddy is settling in, but he's managed to make himself afraid of the turned-off vacuum cleaner, and the other dog in the bedroom mirror.
catherine accidentally locked me in her closet this morning. waiting for her to come back from work and let me out -catherine's intern roy
aaaaaaand i'm out. headed home. long day as per usual. -roy
cultural priorities. we're so screwed.
oh so the press always sucks. i thought it was the election only.
we need shooters and he doesn't space that much
monroe would be a salary dump for mil where we get a first for taking his contract. i wouldn't do it but i think that would be it
shut up. you live in san francisco.
you're right, it was san francisco steamed milk over ice
well maybe some but shiiiiiiit where she at though
you are having an angelical interaction right now actually haha
very nice talk! it would be nice to include parallelstream() in the performance table.
actually i took that out of this talk! i have the numbers, check out the slides at
that's what i'm saying :)
how have things been since i left?
police are installing fear in every black person, living their lives in a free country. you can't be fearful and free.
oh god. that's totally not true at all. this sort of overblown lingo from both side is what keep hate alive.
perhaps &amp; this is just speculation on my part, but she might have made a bad career choice.
unbelievable. no diff than zimmerman and wilson, sick all of them.
this is a real problem. a president, for reasons of safety and national security, can't get ahead of the facts:
no,real problem=propaganda peddling hacks, parroting islam apologist claptrap ie.overseas contingency...workplace violence
per (and ), baby boomers were born through 1964. the guy born in 1963? not. gen. x.
what's more, boomers are the *only* actually designated generation with demarcated start and end
who are your favorite pixel artists.
you should follow if you dont already
q2: skin care that is bioactive, ethically made and uses high-performance ingredients
a2 do you feel that our skin looses inner vitamins?
i believe that 100^
staff morales boosted!
i would say cheers but egypt is as sick as any other islamic country. they need to have their civil war.
they know the muslim brotherhood is a terrorist organization and should not be embraced by an american or egyptian president.
question - 4 how do i know when i need to decant my ?
you decant your wine when it's very young or you feel it needs air to release the aromas &amp; taste
literally yelped in the middle of a meeting when the score notification came to my phone
got kicked out of class a few years ago when i got the update mario gomez scored in the 90th against inter in round of 16
omga why are you in jersey?! lol
lol you can see that. i'm working on a show
rio bojan probably
you never know remember that cle traded 2 firsts for mozgov
boom! and that's why paul should win
any juror that votes for her should be embarrassed!
hmm, jersey sales. kids, other athletes following suit, can you guess who they're polling?
i know exactly who they are polling. you don't need to agree with his protest, but gotta respect it. he's getting too much crap
cy ur so pretty
bye these pictures r so bad anns
he's been killing it! daily show in general has really stepped up to the plate lately!
right ? i noticed that and love it - straight vibing
rural appalachians, one of the most marginalized groups in the us, are also excluded from most state &amp; federal social programs
including subsidized education. they are basically forgotten about and ignored
finishing multiple commissions while on holidays.
it's like 1am either go to bed or go to party
did someone mention adf this week at ? it seems adf is the new oracle forms ...
apex is the new forms: pl/sql based, data-driven ui, monolithic. everything but jet is
bye these pictures r so bad anns
they're funny tho
them thangs different.
i wonder how much they're going for
i ate a whole pan of brownies and i got mad that i felt sick and i was like who let me do this but then i was like oh it was me i let me
"hi, my name is anna, and i'm a brownieholic."
a1 this from !
. i've had that! yum!
bojan and brook for a first and monroe
well kidd did you want brook and mirza traded to bucks. he's halfway there haha
guest column by designer : how i beat the hollywood's body shamers
i say seek out textile designers that have taken technology by the horns and won't break you're bottom line
trump's african-american town hall exposed as fraud, there are no black people! (details)
that's the whitest black congregation i have ever seen... probably rented church as a prop.
two ny state policemen accused of chasing &amp; killing a woodchuck on a golf course for fun. suspended without pay. ought to be sacked!
what is wrong with supposed grown ppl?!!
i'm gonna blow the lid off this thing
how is that in any way controversial ahahahh
happy 16th birthday hoodyhope you had a great day!
thanks al love you too!!!
speaking of wrestler or hockey player, 3 times as many people watched smackdown last night as the us-canada game
swapped texts with a friend last night who is a casual hockey fan. he had no idea the world cup was...
hooodddd happy birthday love you tons &amp; love playin soccer w/ya. hope your day is the best!!!!:)
thanks cass lots of love
how the fuck is it a midterm if it's the 4th week of school lmaoo
it's my 6th but these professors are really cracked out or something idk
what generation is jeff probst in and why do they always shout exposition about every single thing that is happening?
baby boomers--they forget the beginning of the sentence before they finish it, i guess.
"they are irredeemable, but fortunately they are not america." -h
exploitation much?!??
only thing reeling me in this yr is moderate interest in rams.
same. before this season, can't remember the last time i even watched half of a game that wasn't the superbowl.
if anthony weiner keeps this up, he's going to ruin his chance to become mayor.
they should make him mayor for keeping it up. he is the raging penis.
roy candidate if kidd can manage him right.
i watched a majority of brogens career. love him. certainly not a rookie of the year candidate
global entry, and its canadian cousin nexus are worth their "wait" in gold.
i see what you did there
this is so good lol
i'm voting to move out of the country
to chalk up the nazi takeover of germany *entirely* to european antisemitism would be historical stupidity and malpractice of a high order.
i feel like keynes had a thing or two to say on this matter
y'all don't know a lot about where i come from, so you might not understand. but this means so much to me. every moment means so much.
not just for me, but for people like me! people who come from where i come from. y'all keep me motivated. i give my all for you and for god.
nextgen and surfair on the peninsula. ugghh!
john, come join us to advocate for solutions with the faa is not a solution
you never know remember that cle traded 2 firsts for mozgov
yeah but you can't compare bucks to cavs like that. it's unfair to lebron haha
why isn't bully at the game?
bc i totally forgot that was tonight.
happy birthday ! the mariachis got drunk and didn't show up again! sorry.
thanks nicolet.
i'll think of a few topics and send them your way.
nice! maybe something horror related before halloween.
he doesn't like you type plz
your* but chill i'm good with dogs lmaoo
night bump! not much of a tutorial, but i always loved seeing this stuff when i was learning animation.
protip: don't color them like canned meat. it's unsettling.
hi .nice to meet you.
nice to meet you, too!
my parents would call, be told "10 minutes," and they'd never show. same happened to 2 guys at the bar today.
years ago would be annoying, but those guys today have modern tech at least
i sort of read your tweet wrong, btw. i thought you said the article itself borders on hate speech.
some quoted language does imo, but mostly i strongly feel it was in bad taste and a bad use of resources for that publication?
i know right, that was awful hearing coercion with the female panel member as though they knew
and she heads what i understand to be a liberal/progessive organization...
search history would qualify for domestic partnership
absolutely taking search history to the grave
i remember a few months ago i matched w this guy and told my mom i was growing up &amp; was gonna date nice guys with r...
deleted tinder for a while. just re downloaded and dear god
swapped texts with a friend last night who is a casual hockey fan. he had no idea the world cup was...
... being played, even though he watches a lot of espn. he thought espn/nhl/nhlpa did a poor job...
a hosted and ?!! the coup d'avetat has begun!
i like to picture myself leading an army with hom from tobal and dante from clerks by my side
keeda know not to ask me for nothin else for harmony for her birthday
she will try you anyways lol.
please email these details and contact phone to help.com, so we can report this to the local center. ^el
thanks but ups needs to offer a better solution. i will continue my ongoing email convo with customer support.
she barely moves! lazy kittie
the cutest ever!
as a fan, i'm currently feeling way conflicted about who to root for in this vs ...
we root for a good game..with a healthy outcome
the cast of "the west wing" is back - but this time to show support for hillary clinton
the most destructive person is hillary clinton all the democratic city are killing black voters
the jimmy neutron movie is so fucking good
i used to have nightmares about the yokians stealing my parents
i was ready to blackkkkk, ppl always swear i'm subbing lmao
deadass? lol my bad
awesome - james, you should go to one of kevin's shows at the nitehawk, they're so fuckin' good...
when is cribbs appearing?
as a company president, i get the weirdest spam from people who have no idea what we do. latest one: expand your business in gilbert, az!
but isn't that where it's "happening" right now?
cobalt sprints &amp; cobalt thong will surely get me for a very happy hump day! hope your hump day is awesome!
oh my. how on earth did i miss that yesterday?!
... being played, even though he watches a lot of espn. he thought espn/nhl/nhlpa did a poor job...
... marketing the tournament to him and to casual fans.
they are not there to help you
they sure aren't.
so the worst thing to ever happen to me was have someone's pet chihuahua lick my ankle in the middle of a movie because it was loose
wait were you in that moonlight screening? i saw the puppy toddle by - it was very cute honest
i like that idea. i'll be changing over to storing processed apps in a realm db soon and i'll see about adding that in then
yay! useful for finding an app's new features
samesies ugh i can't wait
ahh you're all too sweet!
went to art outside and my car got moldy
did real acid for the first time
they probably are inbred.
see i told you before one you are one of my fav twitter peeps or tweeps lol
happy belated birthday, roberto! we hope you and your family are having a great time :)
hey! thank you! it was very good! had the "3 for me" deal. it was good! and the staff at this location are fantastic! thank you.
some quoted language does imo, but mostly i strongly feel it was in bad taste and a bad use of resources for that publication?
mostly i'd rather see that publication using it's voice to amplify the persecuted over the persecutors. but i am biased, i suppose.
capitanairway
looks like the red skull with the mask on.
present! let me know how i can help.
yes! will be keepin' you in the loop!
dominican products have flooded markets in haiti. we can't even make enough for our own ppl...
i think we can, we just dont know how to yet. technology is a severely underdeveloped sector at home.
in 2015, household incomes went up and poverty went down. explains our economic progress:...
not true this is propaganda
will this family make it to christmas? hits theaters november 11.
really. with the horrible deaths we face, you think it's funny that a black woman takes a shotgun to somebody. u r stupid.
was the war of 1812 justified?
no. nor was the revolutionary war. it all split apart eventually and slavery would've ended faster.
is the hoaxing media still pretending that sick hillary's it guy wasn't busted asking for help on reddit on how to cover up crimes?
it'll be on the next news cycle.. it'll take 3 weeks..
wow that is such bs, hrc has caused more pain and death with her policy decisions.
i call bs in your direction. lol
apex is the new forms: pl/sql based, data-driven ui, monolithic. everything but jet is
let's wait and see ... my prediction: jet is similar for the javascript devs as adf for the java devs.
the thing abt disabilities they can happen 2 anyone @ anytime 4 anyreason @ any age wo warning ? is if it happend 2u
if you found yourself recently disabled dyk employers can ask for &amp; receive permission to legally pay you
question - 5 should i spit out at a tasting room? when? why? where?
no shame in spitting at a tr. you are there to taste, not get drunk. biggest misnomer at tr's.
lol. twitter's safety department has only flagged 2 accounts as being abusive so far. this is going to be really fun to track.
what i love are the idiots that respond in faux-outrage about a hashtag that is exclusively used by alt-right bigots.
they chased that poor woodchuck until it was exhausted, then ran it over. why they haven't been sacked is beyond me.
agree. where was this? is cruel and evil
but i think let run w/ it if they like the idea. not like you need initiatives. ;)
a puppy show!!!
the prickly dogfish shark has shown itself to be a surprisingly picky eater, according to new research &gt;&gt;
i dont think itll mind the pumkin brew tho
jenn unless you wanna meet some friends from flcc? haha
can this become like a text message thing lmao
everyone in gen x needs to remember who gave out the participation trophies. hint: it wasn't the millennials!
shhhh! stop thinking and messing up the oversimplifications!
have you tried any paid ads, e.g., on facebook? i'd be curious what the cost of acquisition would be...
no i haven't. not really my forte and was told recently by someone who does it that it would take big $$
sigh. i was a contender, now i guess i'm throwing the fight? right?
rope a dope marty, don't give away your monster surprise left. the harambe left;)
chris christie on radio says trump's given away "tens of millions of dollars of his own personal money." literally zero proof of that.
plenty of proof he hasn't.
starting to wonder if the nypd might think these guys are more than just witnesses
gotta say - they look like more.. and don't look homeless as reported over the weekend.
i'm tired of being reminded about good cops, it's to their benefit and ours to isolate and punish bad ones or accept ss murder
-ur right but murdering racist rouge cops(there r some)don't get punished they get paid leave(vacation)so it keeps happening!
i don't understand john farrell. he benches hanley and pedroia back to back games against a division rival. starts shaw and hill
i'm not defending him, but i'm sure he wants to rest those guys for post season. just guessing. we need them rested.
in pursuit of boba tea yet again p:
ugh boba tea sounds so good right now!
buddy is settling in, but he's managed to make himself afraid of the turned-off vacuum cleaner, and the other dog in the bedroom mirror.
new best friend. $135. but also priceless.
what do you do with your old flames stuff? engagement rings? what did you do???
kill it with fire
disagree went to trial and justice was served. also, you can learn a thing or two from those that have ha...
was it? he was charged with murder and it was reduced to ooj after he agreed to testify against his friends
their frosties are good for fry dipping.
frostys are just good in general...nuggets, chili, frosty less than five bucks - cant beat that with a stick lol
so glad to have you there!
truly, has been a game-changer. the latest opportunity with my students to do a gho with
or paid for their support.
very good, brilliant thought...couldn't have done better myself...
welp, that clinton stumbles narrative was fun while it lasted.
- what say you ???
one on the right looks real
right one we got from park. forgot sis already had and ended up buying dull looking one, that seller got a few complaints.
the gun is fine until it is picked up. you didn't buy your guns to leave in the case did you. the fear is yours
actually, i have no fear when i have a gun.
always fun learning from the pros when it comes to that airway disaster
you look at my version of gastric diversion? i sent you the video. hopefully it makes sense.
underestimated how much they hate hillary.
also the willingness to support an obvious racist clown without feeling embarrassed.
i'll send mine probably saturday morning/afternoon, is that okay?
absolutely!
thank u i said analogy i was wrong / skittles was a metaphor &amp; it still fits just like we used 2be able 2say wow he's a bad apple!!
semantics is all they got. all the pc bull that is fit to print. no plan to
cctv america congratulates the team at full frame for the network's first ever emmy win!
wow gu s and the competition was so strong - amazing and well deserved
(raising hand) wurfl gives server side feature detection and, working at firefox, it's a pain for browsers
thank you. i'll do some more research and try implementing it.
like this if you prefer retweets rt if you prefer to like people's tweets
reply for "this is a terrible way to vote on something"
today in honor of 's birthday i taught my kids the turtle song, they absolutely loved it and can't wait to sing it again tomorrow.
it's team bonding! kids love it!
definitely you
stop im not even gonna be here tmm to see it :(
shoutout to for making dinner tonight u a tru homie
it was delicious
one word and start a friendship. one word an end a fight and one call and save a relationship.
one life to live
the fact that i'm seeing this weekend
i'm so excited !!!!!! i miss you
t.j. rivera now hitting .343 as a major leaguer, that's pretty solid.
and his obp is still lower (.333 to start the game), which is bordering on impressive at this point.
two muslim looking guys who are not in fact homeless seems pretty suspicious to me
couldn't have said it better myself.
or paid for their support.
yep,, that makes sense
there are so many things i want to write about when i'm brave enough
kinda ties into writers club -- there are things i'll write about when the subjects are dead
bill clinton calls clinton global initiative 'one of the great honors of my life' in sendoff address....
and that monica lewinsky thing
can't stop telling everyone about the type of jellyfish that have eyes and no brain
that's also me on twitter during the witching hour
it seems like there is a higher standard for smart people to be honest. like, he's so dumb he doesn't even know he'...
well he's an outright racist so i that's pretty damn honest imo
guys the pink corn snake is on sale for $38 it is destiny omfg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pink corn snake sounds like a mac miller album
woke up with horrible anxiety today. for no absolutely reason. heart pounding, body shaking, feel like i can't breathe, dizzy, sweating...
so did i!!! i have no clue why but it put me in a bad mood the whole day
24 in december. 4-year nba ready guy. all about managing walls.
how many virginia games did you watch the last 4 years ?
really like seeing doctors &amp; nurses being thanked for their dedication
thank you - it's an honor &amp; a privilege to care for all patients!
bartolo colon, a veteran strike-thrower who uses his fastball 89% of the time. it's something else.
he's pitcher version julio franco
love october!
it's not october yet but okay
i saw. i meant that particular song was.
it's from some show at a disney park. makes more sense if you're there.
finding layouts you like is soo difficult
it really is
rensselaer county. if you have any pull up there...
no but someone should report to news
best 1st single released by lady gaga
im offended born this way isn't winning. lady gaga singlehandedly created the gay rights movement with that song.
latest national poll has clinton leading trump by 6 points | ap photo
- let's take the senate while we are at it !!!!
yes those are bona fide chicken mcnuggets next to homemade char siu...they were free. this seems fitting for
oooh yum to both!!!!!
i called the trump supporter who left the racist tirade on 's voicemail. it was a delightful convo....
i imagine this is what it's like talking to the comments section.
cam newton once spoke his mind. he doesn't anymore
he's got his brand to think about, plus he doesn't need to be shot by cops, probably afraid for his family.
so so clever. love
happy you like it! xx
one on the right looks real
at least i got refund, other members had to get involved though. unfortunately seller is still selling in some groups.
new best friend. $135. but also priceless.
i'll take some photos tomorrow when the sun's out. he is a funny looking puppy for sure.
2 chainz might have had the trap verse of the year on big amount
this song is so underrated
because it's "ios 10"
how does ios 10 not know that though?
okay all y'all, do the work for me: which three fictional characters describe me best?
the little mermaid iron (wo)man furiosa
. on president obama: 'one thing i love about him, he's cool.'
only democrats would say nice thing when lying
the words 'mario has the book' were in an email i just received and i don't know if i've ever been more nervous/excited
that's awesome!
nah. movie time at 6. have me on again sometime to talk giants. but not tonight.
btw hows that system first thing working in new england?
shows , a father of 4, moments before he was tasered and fatally shot by police
why would the officer shoot him after he was tasered.what fear? the man had his hands up!! this is freaking ridiculous!!!
hello crissy, your ticket was updated this morning, please allow time for the team to update your recent replies. thank you!
support isn't helping and now upwork is stealing my money by not allowing me to withdraw. this is very unprofessional
your right to life is irrelevant but you have that right. who exactly r u scared of. fake peace frm a fake threat
i have no fear with my guns. i know anyone trying to hurt me or my family, will get shot. simple
you guys are the best!
who cuts pizza like this wtf.
ffxv brotherhood. i need to start watching that soon. ffxv hype is real
all of brotherhood is like an hour :d and kigsglaive imo is a lot of fun! :d i hope you enjoy! :d
- they did how exactly? such liberal bs
we did by wanting the uphold the saying on the statue of liberty. why would we deny that child freedom from war?
absolutely love this time of year! great baseball being played, teams in contention! every game means something, keep dream alive
don't forget free baseball
only reason better be you gonna put a hoody under it
lol naw i get everything xxl on moms
are you at curry up now? because those burritos are
that's where i was earlier!
slack is desparately slow on os x. it takes a very long time to load even the basic interface, and while in the app it is battery hungry.
try the electron-base beta client. it's much faster.
or paid for their support.
couple more inputs like that and ill have to put you on my special advisors board
do u ever think about how dan didn't have a best friend but phil makes him so happy now and he makes phil so happy and even if they're just
platonic they're still so cute because they make eachother happy i'm crying
sun 9/25, join me + top sf restos at to raise $ for
join my pal sun 9/25 top sf restos at to raise $ for
fucking please
ok yes pls go to wcar/parkway drive on the 8th
. all fired up, the local favorite has made the qf in tokyo!
i predict big time results from in the near future!
hillary's october surprise you must share this video and help spread the word before it's too late!
share this video so there is no way hillary will ever see the white house!!!
lmao it never happened
lmaoo what u was saying
i wish you were coming to the olympia zine fest, there's even a session on teaching with zines!
whoa maybe i will put this on my list for next year!
question - 6 what is sediment &amp; how does this affect in the glass?
good question. i'm really not sure. i know if i can see it when i open the bottle i run the wine through a filter
i'm concentrating on falling apart :( have some sympathy.
you'll pull through martin
liar you hate dan
omg i didn't even see him, i thought he wasn't in the pics
i really wanna play music and be drunk all next summer, do me a favor and go vote for cover your tracks pls &amp; ty
already did when the survey first came out
justice for my brother, not screw an entire race!
that cop was black so wtf was the i hate white people comment have to do with their grief...smdh..
g.h.w.b is living his life while saying he's voting for
nobody cares. blacks are getting shot under obama.
i'm not even republican you dumbass sheep
you certainly aren't a democrat b/c you're too dumb &amp; you have a foul mouth. bye!
yeah i was up in ohio with my oldest daughter for 3 months
the good life!! hope you had a great summer!!
jack &amp; em are both great so if you two don't go on an actual date at the aus open i'll be so upset
ahh fun!! lets do this!
or paid for their support.
doesn't pay anything, but boy do you get recognized....
i found so many i like so i saved them all
cool i'm still wishing justin posted more selfies though
closet fan &amp; bubble-headed bleach-blonde tries to bait 11-yr-old supporter; gets scorned like...
blahaha. i love it!
trump: "i will implement stop-and-frisk nationally. best defense against crime and terrorism is the harassment &amp; humiliation of minorities."
source please?
three that's me -
love that geek-chic!
this is why it's sometimes a bit slow for finnish bands to make albums...
that's good
donald ducking the press
think he will duck the debate?
focus! let's go!
i hope is 100% for the up and coming game 3-0 one game @ a time
yeah. i think more attention would help the problem, if not just by giving kids growing up there more hope about the future
lack of attention is the main problem i think. it's a different kind of marginalization when people don't even know you exist
we accept all law abiding whites
col &amp; wiener are mormons see yuh! they don't abide by "man made law"
but is living his life while saying did everything right!
crutcher is dead. life goes on. nobody cares
wonder if possible for shopify to make universal app for any customer to use. suspect apple would make challenging to maintain.
yes, but probably a nice little sass's company in there for someone. building apps for shopify stores.
. : "of all of trump's bad qualities, his refusal to pay people what he owes them, while bragging about it, is the most enraging"
what i don't get, is how some ppl choose support him knowing this.
alright, after one failure at the fedex and another at the ups, it's time to ship beer! with the help of a fedex i haven't been to yet!^^;
oh you back home! (bay area)
if we did a kickstarter to fund the medical bills of our sweet sweet vanessa, would anyone donate? we don't wanna lose her :(
do u need my triple a?
we are proud san francisco was chosen as a finalist in the awards for work in !...
now if you could get trash off sidewalk and streets and sewage smell gone that be great
my favorite song is ay vamos
i was just listening to that song lol
my ex joined the navy and is not an afro latino twink anymore. they ruined him.
:( latinos are amazing but all trash anyway by the time they hit 40 and start looking like doug dimmadome. prob for the best.
i deadass want to for counterparts but i'm so poor atm :/ need to fix my car and shit man
fucj if u end up going u better tell me thanks
it is not the norm. i watch id, westerns murder and abuse their partners/children like it's nothing.
it's a fucked spectator sport in saudi arabia! not in the west.
the chelsea bomb could have been deadly. here's why it wasn't.
pls tell me you didn't tell how to rectify the error.....
waitwaitwait...what?! oh, hell no. fuck this disgusting piece of shit.
castration should be legal and encouraged.
you're a chickenshit, dirty sob. zero evidence the refugees pose a threat. 60% of them are children. shameful!
seriously? besides what has happened here look all over europe, get real
mystery: what was going on with hillary's eyes during philly speech?
just google acquired nystagmus side effect for anti-seisure drug. but we'll never know the truth
"none of these kids have ever had a real job in their whole lives." i feel you, zeke.
maybe also since they've grown up in the worst recession in sixty years, too?
yes im a major geek as i have reached level 2000 on . beat that !
playing pokemon go?
interesting. i'm more irritated by the $40 i had to spend to get in the art institute right now for an ap euro class
$40 is chump change. a 4/5 gets him into wash u/middlebury/emory etc and when the tuition bill shows, thats irritated.
two ny state policemen accused of chasing &amp; killing a woodchuck on a golf course for fun. suspended without pay. ought to be sacked!
especially when you can buy a have a heart trap as easily as you can buy cheap sunnies at gas mart.
i've got one more spare ticket, are you at duke's cafe? no worries, i have one ticket for me too
booth work right now, come my way if you can o!
challenge accepted...
this crew never disappoints... home run ...
i used to be such a critical ass about games. now when a game doesn't live up to expectations, my first thought is sympathy for the team
"they probably wanted this to be better too"
of course. happy they take it over serious than nothing at all but i hear the calls comin in of susp pckgs has been nuts this week
that's because everyone is understandably on high alert.
how do you feel when a coworker calls you a nickname that you never approved of?
what was it?
that's true, but i would say it is very hard to have someone to love. agree?
this is not true martin &amp; i can prove it to you w/real facts you'll get
i feel like i live in my car 35 % of my life. here to there to there back there over there and back again my keys?
your keys are never where you left them, thus taking more time out of your already busy day to for them! ml&amp;r
you know, the taptic home button has grown on me. it's not a button, but after several days, i've adjusted.
took me about three presses. it's _different_, and in no way mimics real button. but it works, and i think i like it.
love that geek-chic!
creme brulee yum!
such a great scene from a great movie. had to watch the movie 2 or 3x to catch all the twists; enjoyed it each time
agreed. the movie has so much detail to savor.
happy birthday to one of the agents out there, !
thank you chime!!!
:( latinos are amazing but all trash anyway by the time they hit 40 and start looking like doug dimmadome. prob for the best.
gag wait just saw "afro-" so nevermind yr right they ruined him :(
tom, i literally spend all day analyzing documentary evidence. but my point is: your argument is bad and you should feel bad
let me guess, that evidence is mostly in russian and your job is to make it fit the "facts"
i thought "hugs" was the worst email sign off i'd ever seen-until i saw "smile :)"
unless...people actually write out emoticons like i do (blinking furiously, typing speedily!)
congrats and for this lovely piece in
thanks for being an inspiration to us!
he's got 2.7 war to fulmer's 4.7 entering tonight, so it's a tough case to make. it reminds me of the cespedes-for-...
fangraphs had fulmer's war at 2.5
rooney selection an inspired decision. demonstrating what a liability he is in every position and against lower league opposition.
i'm hoping you play him against us :)
interesting - per football outsiders, the jaguars are 2nd best as a team in the nfl at getting qb pressures (22.4% of snaps).
they are the best team at covering travis benjamin with a linebacker
i just published "mobilize: 5 reasons we fell in with this next-gen group communication platform"
congrats michelle. great explainer piece. have you seen what is doingv
how will this affect all of the drivers currently building your company? how about all of you passengers? thoughts?...
in recently, talks about the increasing glut of human labor:
tweeting from the demo day celebration at twitter sf! twish you were here!
ah i've been dying to use the twitter mirror
speak for yourself. everybody know about the 'five song' rule, if she can't name me 5 off illmatic we're done
i am fully in favor of your rule
florida audience bursts into laughter at debate when former governor charlie crist says "hillary is honest" ...
he's always been our favorite idiot. what do they see in him?
did real acid for the first time
moved to texas and this cat was my only friend all summer
i'm sorry your order hasn't arrived! if we've missed the delivery date, please let us know: ^ar
i received a text saying my order was delivered &amp; so does the tracking. yet, no package. this happens everytime!
leaud's character in the mother and the whore might be a useful comparison point. how do you feel about him?
hmm. my immediate answer is that i feel his flaws equally powerfully and think he's a bozo but it doesn't seem so "written"?
i guess you are american indian and if not you to are a invader.
indians migrated here from mongolia
why can't any person regardless of race just comply when police tell them to do something? like the guy in....
so if a person doesn't comply with police, it's a crime punishable by death?
let me get this straight... privileged white girls are upset "appropriated" ballet culture? *eyeroll*
meanwhile black women can get fired for dreads while she wears dreads at nyfw these girls can pirouette themselves out the room
good one just not a fan of nat to each their own she is fake i stand by that
fair enough just try to at@ the opinion to people that share your feeling on her cause i think shes genuine
tomorrow on the podcast we have a former nfl player... got any good football qs? tweet us your questions for our special guest!
why do football players protest the na? but yet don't care about the dom.viol,rape culture and killing of blk men by blk men?
any promo codes for first time users? was interested in trying after seeing it on facebook!
so happy you found us! we don't have first-time discounts, but you can get free dinners when you give free dinners to friends
i do love the sober, exasperated tone with which trump supporters now lecture reporters for *our* birther fixation.
they're robots
haha have no fear! write it!
we'll revisit when i'm 70
stops studying to take a walk
initially says no but ends up following to have that walk
is currently experiencing departure delays between 16 mins and 30 mins due to wx:wind
is currently experiencing departure delays between 16 mins and 30 mins due to wx:wind
heard they're amazing for winter. might cop a pair
just copped a pair for under the 'tail. waaaavy buality
so the kgb is back, building walls is back... if mullets come back i'm moving to antarctica.
you better start packing then. in america, mullet has never, ever gone out of fashion. period.
hurting innocents won't solve a thing. sad.
what is this country coming to
don't forget to say hi while you're here!
yesss! we defo should meet !
or disneyland ride? what do you say ?
what are you implying, tim? are you calling and me old?!?
a guy checked and talked about picking up prostitutes during his time in vietnam. like, it's not cool or funny. it's creepy. go away please.
update: guy came back, asked my coworker if she has "oriental blood" in her, is still creepy, possibly creepier.
justice for my brother, not screw an entire race!
oh wait..my bad...it's always ok to spew hatred for white people..that's always acceptable...unreal.
maybe the show will get cancelled?
i hope not.. i just became a fan..
hot take: voting for hillary is consenting to deploying chemical weapons like white phosphorus on innocent children, which makes you a nazi.
if liberals wanna invoke the holocaust to scare us into voting for hillary, two can play that motherfucking game.
"a few months ago, my friend drowned in a swimming pool while i was with him. we were just hanging out. i was cooki...
please tell her not to give up hope.
not going to re-trial him. notice regardless of how straight &amp; narrow some live after....there is always that one w...
who is talking about a re-trial? he is throwing rocks in his glass house. bonb crime has nothing to do with issue.
had i known i would have entered. (although i'm probably ineligible)
there's always next year, enter your startup!
programs perform really poorly when they have typos.
my typo successfully shut down manhattan. i call that success.
today hillary's eyes were going in different directions, cancels events,now taken time off next few days 4 debate preparing, she is sick...
please google acquired nystagmus as side effect of anti-seisures drug. but we'll never know d truth
was sued several x's b4 recently started accessibility changes to schls &amp; starting only w k-5
raising awareness abt disability &amp; accessibility issues affects evry1 across all color race religious &amp; financial lines
hmm. my immediate answer is that i feel his flaws equally powerfully and think he's a bozo but it doesn't seem so "written"?
which is weird, because you'd think that'd count in favor of jerome. lemme think on this more.
the large father
lmfaooo the large father just being the large father
idk why i don't just drop out of college now and become a stripper
have faith
damn man, gary sanchez is something else...
yessir , lets wait for a full season tho
in terms of tv ratings, that's abysmal. that's an 0.3
smackdown or hockey
question - 7 how do i know which goes best to pair with a dish &amp;/or meal?
i have said this before. pairing is overrated. drink what you like with what you like. don't get hung up on pairings
legacy advantage could be the dumbest thing producers have thought of since the medallion of power
i know...day 36? it's almost certain to go unused!
it keeps freezing on me
that's weird
4:54 thoughts: the taste of your lips.
8:20 thoughts: the way you look when you laugh is so beautiful
why can't any person regardless of race just comply when police tell them to do something? like the guy in....
why are you blaming a victim for his own death? the man wasn't armed, where's your compassion?
look for info here:
thanks. watching. the audio could be better. the audience, which sounds great, is coming through much clearer.
pickle back shots
wait is that happening at the gig cause i'm in
heading to new york for the debates. will develop the courage to debate me or keep hiding like the lightweight that she is?
megyn does not need anything.she works for rupert. yeah,the rupert.let's get arrested w/integrity w/only non oligarch
i would say a solid 4, only because you were thinking about our bench warming days in zmob
bro how did you get this picture and your answer is the closest out of everyone's just saying
ever the romantic, donald trump said, if angelina and brad reconcile, he promises not to deport their children...
another classic!
one study found that fast food burgers are only 12% meat. the rest was water weight, bone, cartilage, plant matter, and parasites.
...and wood/celuose
hot take: voting for hillary is consenting to deploying chemical weapons like white phosphorus on innocent children, which makes you a nazi.
relevant link because i don't like to talk out of my ass:
no it would still be boston vs cleveland 2 v 3 slots
oh yea, they just can't have a better record than texas. my b
dirty martinis and
i've never seen that show!!!
he's gonna outgrow his bed soon lol but he's soooo cute.
i'm in love with every photo you post of this cutie!
they should start making missed phone calls more guilt trip-ish "you missed 4 really awesome phone calls from mom"
still wouldnt andwer them
that's what we're doing too. :)
okay then. that'll work. sorry i missed you sunday at the track
@ right values are you kidding or in crack
no need to be rude sir. in my opinion she has the right values. have a good night.
fascinating discussion between &amp; on current state of analytics/di, and future direction:
. ... and next episode goes live 27-sep-16, with special guest , ex-oracle big data sql pm + now at google.
was still fighting the good fight as of yesterday. rivera should play everyday. end of story.
my point was if rivera plays every day you won't get his best he clearly is better option i'm not blind
these people are incredibly dense
it's really that bad? the last guy though...bruh
and i need 1 for the 3v3 umg
id like to play with inv me please
my dad raised me to be a respectable human being. i became a kangaroo. i figure it's close enough.
you're the best of both :)
still at the office caught in that terrible limbo between "too tired to work" and "too tired to pack up and go home"
can someone pick me up &amp; carry me home. and once there make me some tea
keith lamont scott. terence crutcher. too many others. this has got to end. -h
thank you for taking a stand
scale of 1/10 how happy am i in this photo? the right answer gets a free ticket
hint: it's a decimal number
leaud's character in the mother and the whore might be a useful comparison point. how do you feel about him?
or maybe it's "composed," and you can choose which sense of that word you want. maybe i like that leaud breaks down.
i feel like you've had this tweet lined up since september 22, 2015
........honestly i'm feeling attacked how could you expose me like that
congrats. greater heights for you!
thank you ma. the young lady in kwara has also put to bed. we thank god
so and are making me change my twitter handle after 6 years...i'm not so sure about this...
it's about time. you're an adult now, noodles
sketched a lapis for &lt;3 thanks for the post cards girl-those are so cute ilu&lt;3
awe thank you!!!! so happy you got em!
you'll have a honorific title any day now!
i wouldn't dare to dream so boldly.
im in and feel less alone already! *waves*
i am so glad to hear that.
"pitch better," rothschild said.
severino available?
especially with islander aspects instead of a major culture like european history or chinese cultural classes.
take pacific islander history &amp; culture at de anza with prof tony santa ana! it was my favorite class i've ever taken
the one and only dr.j
you playing the joe namath outing andre?
so lets look at the second division in spain. real madrid has their second team their.
and how many professional divisions are below that division in spain?
1 thing that amazed me back in june, how often foundation money circles through foundations before going to charity
take 2008: trump foundation gets 250k from willard johnson foundation, he gives $120k to gucci foundation, who gives to someone else.
i swear some people can't stand to see you do good.
it's like it hurts there soul lol
why don't you just secede from the union? the rest of the country hates you.
no they don't , don't speak for the rest of the country
what does one wear to a beyonc concert?
whatever they want. it's a beyonc concert. ferocious or stay home...
corey dickerson - tampa bay rays (22) solo
gee, thanks dickerson, could have used that yesterday.
who's we? (no shots)....tex plays wild card winner, they pretty much got best record sewn up. provided bos wins ale they play cle
we being the sox. i got it now, forgot tex has the better record
ground collision avoidance tech developed by credited w/ saving a 4th pilot's life
i am impressed !! thanks for the video !!
so, how do you explain the women jumping ship to support gary johnson?
you just changed the subject. doesn't mean maj of anti-hillary voters not motivated by sexist bias.
not pregnant, just eatin good
stones tryna give us diabetes
yes and i lub him!
same!!! and i love your new profile pic :)
currently bawling my eyes out bc of
don't you cry for everything though?
anonymous online is the new kkk hood.
interesting that 20 yrs ago anonymity online was seen as a advantage for people who had been pushed to the margins.
there is just so many to choose from though.
yeah i know
one way or another the truth is going to come out in the end.
or the true side of people
approached by police and have a gun, keep your hands as far away from it as possible.
what about the man in minnesota who complied, had a permit for his weapon, same result
take 2008: trump foundation gets 250k from willard johnson foundation, he gives $120k to gucci foundation, who gives to someone else.
this money has circulated through three different charity foundations before making it to a single actual charity.
hell yeah we'd come. where you gunna be? n greet. my daughters trying to find out about that facial.
if u do go buy the serum too! it saved my life!
sick hillary supporter speeds through school zone, loses it on a homeowner who supports trump, screams at cop!
touting her 1a right to tell the trump supporter to f**k off for expressing his 1a right. try some decaf you ahole !
can you imagine how tore up that vjay is after 3 kids?
about 90% in us are csection the obgyn won't take lawsuit risk.after 3yrs the scar is less than 1"
i wear my stunglasses at night
you never told me your alter-ego was mrbroskitv...
never mind that trump would've had to pay income tax on it. istrump funneling all personal income thru a non profit to avoid income tax?
tax fraud and slush fund: 2 conspiracies for the price on one
tulsa officer who fatally shot terence crutcher told police she was "never so scared in my life," her lawyer says.
of course she will play the ''scared for my life card" its her only out. scared of a man with his hands up? she so full of shit.
where are you??
nyc! the awesome ahcj-commonwealth fellowship.
you are know be of a dick.....
and that kitty remains pristine;)
if a person is holding a gun and told to drop it over and over and they don't, it's a life threatening. .....
the man in tulsa had no weapon, stay focused on the convo
funny you should ask because i am single and gay
i am single and will try anything once boo
many thanks to for a fantastic lunch &amp; learn with the celebrating playback:
thank you all for the opportunity! object reporting
congrats for news emmy breaking news coverage scotus same sex marriage decision teams
congrats! do they take it back when trump writes an exec order against same sex marriage?
megastar sets her first-ever houston concert
beyonc's impact
they got some crazy shit on that site
which site bro?
from where and how much. i want black lol
got black 5 cash
even if you're having a bad day you're a good person and you mean a lot to someone and you have value
this tweet saved my life
there's this white lady that shares a lot of my posts on facebook, come to find out she owns a multimillion-dollar landscaping company. lol
your on your way. been on your way.
i'm sure the whole rf bleacher crew would get a kick out of that haha
oh, we'd take off our pants too just so you wouldn't feel self-conscious.
moved to texas and this cat was my only friend all summer
before texas i chilled in taos
sorry, didn't get startled but i'm hard to scare. i run towards the places most people run from screaming. it was cute though
u should come to my neighborhood sometime. since the 90s, it's done a 180
larry ellison: i'm going to build a wall to keep public cloud out, so they can't take our jobs. i'm going to make amazon pay for it!
that literally made me lol
that's why i'm drinking is real. this is bad news.
ummm....most bottled water in this country is from municipal sources...
it's the media's job to put a fair spotlight on both trump &amp; hrc. it's the voter's job to choose. let's be clear wh...
but there is a weighting per news item that is not being applied.
if you like the nyc subway as much as i do, download my ios 10 sticker pack!
search for it in the imessage app store!
i am cringing listening to this white girl talk to this black guy
she said i have this friend back home whose name is kinda like yours and he has the coolest afro and he is so sassy
agreed! just that their insecurities and immature nature coming out when they go to name calling!
definite fact sis h. they make places like twitter unsafe &amp; unwelcoming.
omg come i'm going to the floozies!! and possibly sunday night of tipper! we can actually meet up this time
dude i want to so bad i thought it was the following week so i only have one paycheck before and i dunno if that will cut
hillary has spent ~$100 million in the last 60 days and lost 7-8 points in the polls. what a joke.
harlan, like her corrupt washington elite friends she she wants to buy what she wants.
. she was 4 when he disavowed you blithering moron. you're today's winner. congrats.
- love this award / mind if i use it once in a while ??
liqun made it more tolerable: "this is a great talk. these molecules sound really interesting."
mmm yep. rock on!
so, how do you explain the women jumping ship to support gary johnson?
you know that all women don't share same brain, right?
it came from here
yepp!! got itt
33 seasons, 16 years, and this is the first of my name. i hate everything.
there, there...there, there.
how do we be activists in a privatized education world that is pushing teachers of color out systematically?
by systematically, i include standardized tests that are part of closing schools, pushing teacher evaluations down, etc.
omg come i'm going to the floozies!! and possibly sunday night of tipper! we can actually meet up this time
it with pl playing in the city next weekend i really wanna come
party at dans old house
get out of my house
i guess noam chomsky is a nazi then.
i dont care what any bougie limpdick wannabe intellectual has to say about the arms deals our potential next president signed off on
no political conversation is complete without a hitler reference and someone saying, "communism looks great on paper."
tell them to fight me
don't you love when people are too busy tweeting to respond to you.
you listen to too much drake to be subtweeting like that e .
perceive that action?
again stay focused, the man in tulsa had no weapon, we don't know if the man in charlotte pointed a gun
are you watching tonight?
if i don't fall asleep yes i will be! miss me some hamsters
just arrived in sacramento for this year's conference! look out for tweets on things i'm learning about energy, water, climate, etc.
thanks. hashtag?
: yeah, rivera is not an everyday guy, but d'arnaud has been scuffling so badly, plawecki might be a better option
i don't think that would be terrible i just think more than 3 games a week for rivera is asking a lot
our flag really lit tho. what other flag got people on it ? (really curious)
no others do...mozambique has an ak tho
question - 8 how long does last after the bottle has been opened?
experience is wine lasts 2-3 days if sealed properly some wine gets better with time opened.
us arms sales to saudi arabia will continue, despite allegations of war crimes
wasn't it a few months ago obama had a closed to the press meeting in the white house with saudi leaders?
unfortunately i won't be there
damn. any ny trips planned in the future ?
josh norman is scared for sunday
i hope it's another dog fight
the american bar association gave judge garland its highest possible rating. he deserves a hearing and a vote....
a great jurist who deserves to be on the court
that's the plan
good. got my support.
a3: my connections aren't limited by geography. i love me some texas librarians all the way from pa
love that there are no boundaries. this cali girl does a lot of work with east coasters and oregon.
took this great pic of at studio today
i'm a cherub!
how many f's could he give?
thought the same thing.
probably the matchup the liberty did not want to see if they had a choice.
actually i think they'd rather play phoenix than indiana. they've struggled against indiana too many times in playoffs.
perceive that action?
i would never be a cop, not going to get into hypotheticals
now we know why he refuses to apologize for his birtherism. he didn't really mean to take it back at all
the fact remains started the birther movement &amp; kept it up until this past friday. it was racist.
your intelligence is inherited from this parent: via
proud mom here. my 1st grade son has the iq of a 4th grader. thank you for sharing.
fact the obama administration's additional concessions to will fund more terrorism against the west.
owes us an explanation:obama announced in january we were paying iran their money. from congress
free apple at the car dealership. people are wising up to the fact that red delicious are a crap variety and not bu...
getting an apple from nz in oregon seems kind of nuts.
it's not even vaguely clever either. it takes literally 2 seconds of reading the hashtag to see what it's really about.
i swear... these chan-lord wannabe anarchists thing they are masterminds when really they are drooling over themselves
currently seeking a new best friend bc me and shaan have broken up
save me from the airport and i'll consider it
it's not good??
not worth it
nice one - adam is terrific and very hands on with the wines. lovely bottle of wine dave cheers
thanks ames!
you are correct but alas this is twitter
thank god i can block your dumb ass bye
i've been at work since 5 i haven't had any tables so all i've done so far is eat wings drink red bull and write the specials lol
what are the specials
til this is a new fashion thing. maybe fashion is for me?
when i think of you, and i do think of you, you are usually wearing something sheer.
no, the opposite
thank you for writing in jeremy corbyn for president
he's not an everyday guy on a team w/ a decent c. his alternative has 14 rbi. 14. yes rr should play everyday
if he plays every day i think you'll see less production
there are about 3 million american muslims. 1% of pop. they hold senior gov positions in us security incl cia director &amp; wh senior advisors.
there are about 3 million american muslims. 1% of pop, holding senior gov positions in us security incl cia director &amp; wh senior advisors.
if scrutinizing hrc = backing trump &amp; his positions, then scrutinizing trump = backing hrc &amp; her support of iraq war, nafta, welfare cuts
where is hillary? cancelled nc fundraiser, no show in fl tonight, no appearance thur./fri . no where's waldo, where's hilldo?
caroline u divine mighty fine
dont u see that i want u to be mine
public health is not exciting. it's only had a track record of success
great new philanthropy happening in public health too.
tanaka has allowed 4 homers on 22 pitches this inning, including back to back to back shots. stunning to see.
is he tipping his pitches?
hey don't knock my black privilege
your privilege is being a racist moron but won't lose your job over it like others...enough with victim bs man up
when people treat you like shit and take you for granted then wonder why u move on and want nothing to do with them
your forever in your feelings breh
if condition still exists, please dm us your name &amp; phone # &amp; we'll file water leak. or file online:
just dm'd you my details, and yes the leak is still ongoing about 1/2 gallon per second now.
london's jihadist mayor said in nyc that we should get used to terrorists like ahmad khan rahami
we are not weak knee uk assholes we are americans
multi family homes produce great passive income that produce constant income flow..if you need great cash flows properties pm me..
would like to know more.
what do african americans have to lose under a trump presidency? everything they've gained since the end of slavery.
their lives. all of our lives really.
is he responsible for that? it's difficult to take a public stand. whether or not we agree with him, it's admirable.
that's great he's doing that, but while he's up there he shud stress that these ppl not destroy their neighborhood regardless
it is not like he was going to speed off in his car. it was broken down.
there were so many alternatives to shooting the guy.
a black officer kills an armed man who refused to drop his gun. a democrat mayor allows rioters to destroy private &amp; public property
that's the way to do it you fucking animals.
you tweeted about this last year and sometimes you find a nice seat, lay off
i don't think you followed me last year mimi stop stalking me.
seeing before &amp; after pics of old people scare me am i going to be ugly ? have a hunch ? wear dresses with cats all over them ? dentures ?
this is really freaking me out omg
als-related gene found with help from ice bucket challenge
congrats. that's great publicity. u'r on u'r way! marshall
fellow virginian too? woot!
yep. i'm from charlottesville and i now live in fairfax. where are you from?
ghana's red carpet queen to represent ghana at
i nominate most stylish male
starting in october i'm joining as the network's new aviation editor. staying put in jet city &amp; very excited about this next adventure!
congrats. does that mean we won't be getting headlines like these anymore?
these are weak
you spelled spot on wrong
rbi single by brings home for an early lead!
gif game strong as always!!
same situation. the one in minnesota i would say could have been handled differently. he wasn't reaching....
progress...
selfie of me (left) at with incredible new "selfie" (get it!?) pancakes (right)! you gotta try it!
ok.. im just messing with ya!! -10/01/16 - &amp;fuckit
we await with bated breath...
you're such a bitch it's insane
when you say it like that, everything :p
everything so far works like a charm...
i used to say 'where are the parents' but now i know better, the parents are the racists, kids learned it from someone
that's an accurate assessment!
before texas i chilled in taos
moar taos because it was the longest best time ever
this. this. this. so good.
say what you want about software post-jobs, but apples hardware design is still just in another league entirely
trump wants a national stop and frisk policy? dude's about to lose my fuckin vote
i'll snuff a cop
is that just bc you unfollowed everyone who used them? that was my approach.
true, yes! great minds..
airpods only real chance of that happening.
agreed. for now. hence the original tweet
on god you can't jordan
in not gon say it again,if i'm on don't let me drive
what's up pussy lips! am i watching 's new vlog in class? you bet your ball sinking ass i am.
whats up fuckers
we should have a us bureaus endless skrimp and cheddar biscuits eating competition
it is extremely on
for any sports show. smackdown pulled a 0.73 (2.292 million) so for a cable sports show, it probably isn't what...
yup. it's sad
do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning.
what an imagination "that woman" has.
are you going to promo this in all of my gcs again
no but i will on friday
at the beginning of that 1000 times video, a woman puts a cassette in an actual walkman. closest we're gonna get
they'll reunite at coachella in 3-5 years and have 5 separate trailers
have a pleasant evening
you too. my grandparents go to sleep this early too.
watching the mets game with my girl
she's not impressed with their play the last two days lol
in october is leaving me for a week for a hardcore, girls only party in nyc. what should i do?
i should visit for a hardcore boy party
the "fried veggies" folks have competition
deep fried and preserved in vinegar.
you look for how many users someone brings in - in their first day, first 14 days, and then on a monthly basis
right, but what do you see as being good metric? i.e. what's the # of users brought on in 14 days that would be successful?
like how feels like a "slow chat," sometimes, on your time, yet effective.
i do have to pay attention to when i post questions in which group.
basically said the same thing about cooks last week
he locked up cooks
not sure i understand that. doesn't change that i will not vote trump/clinton/johnson only or
this about 90% of americans, but none are aware of it because of shit tornado clouding our eyes, msm!
this is the control scheme i want in ar and vr applications, this will be huge eventually
like, imagine the screen of google glass, and you can control it via small gestures at your side without reaching up at your face
uh, that's exactly why. &amp; his supporters are immature dicks
trump deplorable supporters are the modern day kkk
haha love what you guys do! and thanks for the 10 hours!
thank you for checking us out
hannah reminds me of me!! all these evangelicals and she's just the lonely jew on
same for catholics in a way--largest oldest christian group in world but we're not pure enough for the evangelicals!
10 min back in louisiana and i already wanna jump off a building
sad i didn't get to see you!! but hope you had a good visit home brother
it's illegal to get political while in uniform or representing dod, service members have their own laws to follow.
nothing new, she should had known after serving 8 years. plenty of service members from left &amp; right have been punish for this kinda stuff.
ghana's red carpet queen to represent ghana at
most stylish male in ea
also, we didn't talk much systematic issues in education. that happens when you got educators of color dropping knowledge
would love to hear thoughts on current ed system &amp; systemic issues really happening to us teachers on ground
but i'm in sf ugh sounds so tempting tho lol good looks
lol i thought you were at san jose state nvm
same situation. the one in minnesota i would say could have been handled differently. he wasn't reaching....
i'm not here to change your mind on anything,these convos are futile,you don't care that people are dying
came for the tennis. stayed for the seltzer.
i'm a fan of adirondack. quality, respectable, product
why is he allowed near electronics?
i know right! i feel so sorry for his wife.....!!!
chill. i'm just a nerd who collects robots.
it happened again. live gif of you and me right now.
i know! what am i gonna do every night ???
mets playoff baseball!
mommy, why does one of hillary's eyes point one way and the other i point the other way? i'm scared.
acquired nystagmus side effect of anti-seisures drug
anyone who jumps on the accost the other ones a fool and a pawn. day to day in anytown usa the race coexist fine.
every cops a bully...every black person's a criminal mentality needs to hop a flux capacitor to where it belongs.
listening to things i listened to in middle school, which means system of a down. that kind of day. what are you listening to?
i made myself a middle school playlist last week! i bet there's lots of overlap...
happy 17th birthday bff, love you lots!!
love you forever
marion cotillard is a fucking g. wow!
but she used the word "haters" and when i think of her saying it in her french accent....no.
when watches and sends you 350's early before they release
that's amazing!! where is the yeezy note?
isn't that the truth, geoff!
hell ya... just has to stay the course and he is on the way home! exciting + needed
i didn't even know there was an alumni group... awkward... lol
lol you're not missing much
why do we have to pay for tampons
we didn't ask for this bloody life we were given
im bodyposi now. i am positive i will shame your stupid body
what part of it
yikes mystery: what was going on with hillary's eyes during philly speech? via
acquired nystagmus side effect of anti-seisures drug
screen play?
yep my first one. just started editing it
maybe you could say this about every park, but camden yards when fans all wear orange and stand up and cheer? not many better visuals in mlb
live that park so much
frustrated people : , and 67 others. more:
wow. my new thing with companies put me on hold i go on twitter and say you suck and respond asap. lol
question - 9 what's does it matter using different glasses for red/white/bubbles?
wind glasses mean a lot! bigger bowls for pinots. taller bowls for rhones. universal are good too. just
excited to announce - i am joining microsoft research! starting next month. will be working with , cloud and distributed systems :)
this is awesome, congrats!
first song i ever learned on guitar. by the talented
this song is so heartbreaking and beautiful.
nothing new, she should had known after serving 8 years. plenty of service members from left &amp; right have been punish for this kinda stuff.
if she was in civilians clothes and out of duty hours, this wouldn't have been a problem.
but isn't racist... ??
i was checking to see if he blocked me yet. yesssss!
2/2 can't convince kids to switch to . they say they can't get clean versions of songs there. is that true, ?
i just learned something myself!
leo terrell on charlotte officer shooting: "just having a gun is not justified for shooting &amp; killing this man."...
being angry doesnt justify rioting, looting &amp; assault. go protect the public if youre so knowledgeable of how it should be handled
i need u to notice me ty
u r noticed pal
eww the thought of him breeding... these savages don't even wash their hands after using bathroom. no wonder their...
forget washing hands they dont use bathrooms
whatever happened to christina ricci?????
apparently this is what she's up to
i have been with tmobile in california since 1998 and never experienced that so i don't know. 4glte here
coverage is not the issue do you have an unlimited data plan if so they're not going to slow you down after
another fine politician who belongs behind bars
you got that right, he's a low life pervert....
70/80% as a catcher is pretty much everyday. lately they've alternated. tda should not play at all. like zero
manager made it clear last night he still believes in him -- your boy
eh different fever different liberty. i think they would've rolled over indy this time.
maybe but indy rolled them last time they played i think? and they beat phoenix in season series
you never know what a true monster you are until you live a day after accidentally making decaf.
fuck decaf!! oh sorry.. got a little carried away there..
yup. she'll essentially be both moderator *and* candidate.
it is as if the media wants her to lose this election. they have been brutal to her. trump gets passes all day
same situation. the one in minnesota i would say could have been handled differently. he wasn't reaching....
you think it's their fault that they're dead, that's your opinion,that's why we're divided in this country
girl tells grandma shes gay "u kiss her hole?"
this is what my ma rosa would tell you lmao
love seeing this advice: talk to social before content work begins-
thanks for sharing. this is one of the biggest reasons we became more successful and consistent while speaking with a single voice
the only christopher we acknowledge, is wallace. art, champagne, + big. 10.18.16 , tix:...
this looks dope! i'll be there
is ok with this.
bravo sierra!
basically everything i own at this point is mint green / aqua blue
me but with pink
shame on you. he's probably never gonna drive for lyft again
-_- and karma slapped me in the ass because my whole ass drink spilled ):
bad habit of coming to the salon right before closing
lol omg that was me all summer
i wish twitter had a dislike button.
oh well checkout pogbas ratings in the new fifa
my nigga isn't crazy like your bitches
you right af
adblock plus takes a 30% cut from ad firms in exchange for showing "acceptable ads" to users. just use ublock origi...
i'll think twice about donating from now on.
i love watching awards shows from my bed! good luck everyone-i think you all look beautiful. but the kids from are my fave
totally love those kids!
the emotionally abused are the worst abusers... that's you zach. the worst.
i resent the characterization that ive been emotionally abused
if kids there saw news stories or books/articles/etc about how fucked up it is, maybe they would realize how fucked up it is
yeah, but they're often discouraged from learning about the outside world and especially leaving
i will say though, it was cool catching a new episode of gt followed by all the shows on the fridays block
yeah, back then i didn't know just how...bad gt would be in scheme of things, but it did make fridays even better.
tweetbot for mac 2.4.3 is available in the app store. the only fix it contains is for the corrupted image cache.
thanks for the quick fix!
someone should make it a law
it's important to have high standards
i'm just thinkin with my dick
thinking real hard, i hope?????
wisdom from :
the first one is why i love the mcelroys content: as a trans persons, ive never felt uncomfortable and it's great
unconfirmed: monmouth u...leaked document on how to rig polls and greenscreen hillary
how do you get this verified? if true, it is more than shocking.
folks, if there was ever a critical election... register. vote. please. it takes 2 minutes.
i feel so helpless because i can't vote this cycle.
yeah, but they're often discouraged from learning about the outside world and especially leaving
my mom was disowned by her family for leaving and had to plead to come back for holidays
would love to hear thoughts on current ed system &amp; systemic issues really happening to us teachers on ground
because it's really hard to keep our heads up when there's so much smacking us systematically and we want to help our students.
at paso robles' halter ranch winery, nature and science meet
your old neighborhood
it took 3 hours, epic tantrums, &amp; threats, but homewk is conquered. i need a martini. i thought i was done w/ hmwk years ago.
you should be here with you book club friends
step up and let hillary know you've got her back. add your name now if she can count on you in november!
i don't have her back, but i will kick her in the backside!!!
law &amp; order svu tonight and how to get away with murder and grey's anatomy come back on tomorrow!! i'm so hype
you just reminded me bout !!!
blacks started the republican parties in much of the south ... they are just coming home again
come home with me the best is yet to be. love you
is frat culture really needed?
no. always no. not even in frats.
have you heard the darryl strawberry story
uh... no! last few sets, a "not that irish" and a few rounds of hamps... which when explaining to people makes you sound insane.
it is september 21, 2016. someone on my floor is listening to uptown funk.
just 10 more months of that bs?
absolutely agree. ...i'm neither black nor gay.
i think any sane person agrees with you.
what's the name of the history podcast you mentioned?
hardcore history. insanely good, but long. there's an app overcast that you can use to speed it up.
healthcare apis, now required by the government, seen as interoperability aid via
directionally correct
can sew, macrame, needlepoint, latch-hook, and lots of other things
that is the best answer ever, all i can do is make potholders with that kit you get
when the guy you thought you were dating stops replying to your texts. yeah. sucks.
if he's just gonna ghost you without talking to you, he needs to grow up. you're better off, though i'm so sorry you're hurting :(
monmouth claims only 32% of fl voters view trump favorably. just ignore the massive sold out overflow rallies. what complete bs.
this crap is making me crazy.....
i have been with tmobile in california since 1998 and never experienced that so i don't know. 4glte here
you hit your data cap for example i pay for 6 gigs a month and when i go over that 6 gigs they slow my speed
so very true
i already see who this party turned to. is it healthy to be ignored?
hi... what time? i gotta give zay a bath
ight, give him a bath rn
thanks! but please don't get my hopes up
update they dont exist there are only the cheese ones
lol!!! he's in denial...
his poetry is shit anyway.
can sew, macrame, needlepoint, latch-hook, and lots of other things
wait, that's not too, i have successfully latch hooked a rug
when i see him again i'll present him to you
no need to. i go see him every year he comes to nyc
is not as out in the open. rohmer less interested in bringing the protag's fictions to a personal breaking point.
i think i have a basic problem with how conversation flows in the six moral tales, too. it's just...something doesn't connect
dress du jour: is the queen of lavender in
is there a hue this woman can't command?
told ya! look at those beautiful threads. booooom! hot fire. come get ya some raleigh.
beautiful! thanks for the love!
i'd love some innovative ways for using voxer for
some twitter chats have a voxer group. great place to start.
im gonna voet for hillary twice just to fuck you up
that's illegal and i'm going to piss on your mom's face after you go to jail!!!!!!!
hillary caught using green screen to fake audience again
bah! conspiracy theorist!! ;-)
one on the right looks real
thanks for the help!
nigga not that tall. freak bitch alert
freak bitch wow sorry i have the build of an nfl quarterback we can't all be so blessed
question - 10 how do you know if a is corked? smell? taste?
being a relative wine novice i would love to hear this answer!!!! help!
very happy abel cut his hair. it was getting too wild. looking hella cute here
i thought he was hot and cute af before and i still do tbh
perhaps they should have consulted early childhood experts. small % on committee k-2 educators
wasn't on official task force. has committed to creating one + yes to lack of consensus.
i resent the characterization that amanda needs things to make her cry...
sick burn dude
leo terrell: "black people have a problem trusting the police and video has proven that officers don't tell the tru...
police have a problem trusting black ppl, they get shot by these ppl, the black community celebrates it &amp; refuses to cooperate
tip: biotin bursts are best take for brittle nails.
my nails break more in the winter. does my biotin change?
is about 3 things. content, timing, and place.
thank you for your quote, of course we are!
if you want to rank 1st for anything, find a fork in the road and wait there on the night of the year's first blue moon.
stop giving away all my secrets
scheduled to be on 's at 8:10 pm et. tune in...
the single most dangerous consequence to 's pragmatic racism is how it can be expressed through his judicial courts.
the other big shift usa hockey needs to make now? embrace cory schneider as your flagship goalie. hasn't won a cup yet, but he's your best.
i can't be the only one that thinks quick is highly overrated
but compliance as i said. the cop told him to stop moving and he kept moving. cops know how to take that....
so he didn't stop moving, thus he deserved to die?
it grew on me a lot but i think i forced myself to love it because of my love for them
that will probably end up happening for me :/
neither one of these kids with degrees in radio broadcasting know who casey kasem is. it hurts my heart.
whoa, really?
moar taos because it was the longest best time ever
and before that, colorado
every time i see an imvu ad i get ptsd from when i was 14
but i still play that tho am i lame for that?well..i just make characters lol
too bad she's ugly tho
wonder what happened this time
i can never chill with anyone anymore during the week gets me soo mad
are you fucking kidding me you little shit im right here
just checked your tl where you're busy justifying don king's vaudeville act today. i think we're done here.
love u joy!!!
i do not think that a (most likely) human caused fire (or fire in general) is nature's way of renewal... - but tha...
thanks. many pines can't germinate without fire. humans suppressing wildfires make them worse:
i will never understand why people want to watch those pimple popping videos fuck y'all
smh where my at
tulsa officer who fatally shot terence crutcher told police she was "never so scared in my life," her lawyer says.
wth was she scared of he literally did nothing she made the wrong decision to be a cop like so many others
hot take. this is huge if true
no one brings up the real problems. only blame everything else.
i cried during an anne hathaway movie today and not even the one where she has parkinson's
i cried at the one where she's a prostitute in france
i have been with tmobile in california since 1998 and never experienced that so i don't know. 4glte here
down under a 2g connection speed that's what i mean by throttling not coverage but internet connection
hashtag game! tweet out a funny song lyric parody about the fall and tag with . could be sung by on our show!
okay, sorry about this... grease 2 "girl for all seasons" do it! big production piece.
waitin'. nothing to it! literally.
i am an anxious person
ghana's red carpet queen to represent ghana at
nominate him stylish male in africa
can this man (paul town) ever be stopped?
(((paul town)))
right?? i think we found something to toast to in november!
maybe adam wants to join us for a tequila flight?!
i'm a fucking bitch because i can be you stupid ass cunt.
ok then don't get mad when people want to talk shit about you being a bitch.
people will always remember the extreme cases of things that entice emotional reactions. ex: tough losses, bad abs
jays are now 4-9 in extra-innings games.
lmao there was like 1/4 left!!! monica just threw it away
i barely got to drink it
return to the place that you love.
i was just there!!!
this is not age appropriate pls delete
i want a monster energy sponsorship shut upqueed
so, lemme get this straight.most riots occur in cities ruled by democrats but democratic policies &amp; leadership have nothing to do with it?
notice ain't no cheerleader either?
yea but they're at the top of trash banks.
i liked them better as wachovia lol
i'm a fucking bitch because i can be you stupid ass cunt.
just because you ""
my question for hillary clinton: i'm hispanic and i'm voting for trump. am i deplorable? via
there is a 50+% chance you are.
i am focused. you bring up minnesota and then tell me to stay focused on tulsa.
i'm done, i'm not here to change your mind, i never approached you with this, i'm moving on
i believe analyzed this nda a few weeks ago...
i did indeed, it's ridiculous:
pick a pair.
either is fine.. lol
a3: we are going superheroes and villains! saving the world one class period at a time! set in the future.
are you adding dystopia elements? sounds fun!!
can sew, macrame, needlepoint, latch-hook, and lots of other things
i actually took needlepoint classes in south hampton and i really enjoyed them, i took classes at erica wilson's
good or bad crazy
it's good lol just the home button is weird but other then that i like it
clinton air war fails to sink trump | thehill
she is working her ass off to get him at the debates!!! she is going to try to throw him off!
when black people are poking fun at their own culture? why is it a problem if we do it? its a fucking joke.
they are two very distinct struggles so please don't compare them..
yeah. discusses that too. i get a lot of shit from my family for "abandoning" them &amp; "forgetting where i came from"
this happens to my mom 40 years later. theyre still angry at her. luckily she went through this so is supportive of me
it just says this at the top? i went to the store &amp; they cant even fix it, i have to go to apple store
you still get service tho?
people always want to say they could have done this or that, but never want to think of themselves in the cops shoes, with....
that's a cops job, they signed up for that
i hate when ppl open my snaps and don't reply wyd
everyone does it to eachother
not that its any of your business but no i just think we have something in common we don't like you...
yeah and you're both pussy
please observe a moment of silence for every ultimate frisbee team that has gotten wrecked by this goon squad here#...
nice cornell cleats.
please welcome (left) to twitter! he's a trump supporter in virginia beach, va.
welcome chandler!!! (who's your friend?)
tulsa officer who fatally shot terence crutcher told police she was "never so scared in my life," her lawyer says.
- this person should have never been a cop !! she fired out of fright !!
watch highlight some great news about our economy:
you wouldn't know how to create the conditions for a thriving growing economy if you're life depended on it.
girl i already see
my nails are so nice! u know i dont believe it.cuz my toes are strong
yeah. discusses that too. i get a lot of shit from my family for "abandoning" them &amp; "forgetting where i came from"
sorry you have to deal with that shit but glad you got out
which without criticizing libre office (which is fine) is an indictment of mac word processors.
nonsense. pages and word are both fine. not inspiring, but perfectly serviceable.
what are some comfortable sneakers?
puma trainers &amp; they don't have laces
jeff: "a very serious storm is coming, you need to work hard on a shelter." idiots: "let's go swimming!"
yes, this moral has been around for 3000 years since aesop. helen keller could see it coming!
because honestly, racism is old as a motherfucker. that shit should've went out with high button shoes but we still dragging it around.
because it makes white men feel face and anything that makes white men feel safe will live forever. racism, sexism, classism 4 ever
your dick is getting torn off
finally, the sweet release i've craved
two years ago movement marched in streets in nyc --&gt; now movement needs to march to ballot box &amp;...
i guess that would be her reward for the big reduction in climate change mentions subsequent to sanders endorsing her.
question: woman on the street in somewhat sketchy area asks if she can use your phone. yay or nay? (i said no and now feel bad).
always no but i'd ask what she needs and possibly do it for her.
- this is hobo life. on purpose? drinking a sumner by at
on purpose?
penge ng ice cream.. hehehe
here! the choice is yours...no need for spoon
today's grocery look is tres newly divorced dad just hanging in there, maybe finally gonna write that novel &amp; have...
holy cats! that aesthetic is very particular but um.... it looks super good on you.
i had major not getting adele tickets, but now i don't care because had basically the entire thing on his snapchat story.
you were there standing next to me don't you remember andy
ooh burn ;)
just calling it like i see it! for what it's worth, though, it was an interesting profile haha
them's some pants.
them disturbing bony legs.
"which used a predictive model to estimate which donors are jewish based on their names and other characteristics"....
do they use predictive models for other religions, ethnicities, races?
good to know that tulsa normally so calm. wonder if she's ever been outside of ok or tx. time for a visit to
ridic, nypd deals with far worse and she panics over that.
there's so much epic stuff just waiting to be released over the next few days... i hope you're ready!!! (-)
i'm not even ready for the *day*, let alone social interaction... but of course i'll still take a lo...
lol!!! he's in denial...
i love poking white ppl in the racism &amp; making em squirm.
perhaps they should have consulted early childhood experts. small % on committee k-2 educators
now they have, one who was brave + spoke up.
hillary will maek it legal and then send your scrawney ass to manzanar, lmao
love to be femdommed like the good boy i am
wait were you in that moonlight screening? i saw the puppy toddle by - it was very cute honest
yes! and it would have been okay if i had seen it rather than had a small furry animal touch me in the dark
day 230: twitterversary.
happy yearversary!
you mad shy tho
how ima be shy on the radio ....
there he goes again... providing us with a great fight scene yet again
he's awesome!
i'm actually mad my poly sci text book refers to american colonists (in the 1700s) as "free-riders" of great britain. ru kidding me
thank you to our colonists for being very brave and fighting to break away from britain for the freedom we still have today.
mine are more in the summer when i work in the yard
but my toe nails are always strong. not like my fingers biotin doesnt change
didn't want to wait any longer. tomorrow marks 4 years with and i couldn't be happier
art by the amazing !!
nonsense. pages and word are both fine. not inspiring, but perfectly serviceable.
and for writers, and less general purpose, scrivner is the bomb.
ok then don't get mad when people want to talk shit about you being a bitch.
just cuz u "can be a bitch"doesnt mean you can walk all over people and tweet about how the world would be better off w/o them
a6: the salted caramel milkshake at in sonoma. oh how i miss it!!
good choice!
police have a problem trusting black ppl, they get shot by these ppl, the black community celebrates it &amp; refuses to cooperate
but black ppl are to be held to a lower standard than everyone else, especially by their own community, just blame cops &amp; whites
and temp work means no vacation days, no sick days, automatically loss of 1/12th income at same salary. obama has hurt us.
now you're talking stupid. obama added c~20 million jobs. you were better off in 2008 when we lost 800k/jobs/month???
my argument is when this happens, all cops are bad. that's what pops up. bad cops, bad cops. there is never a person doing ...
you never read me say that, move on, debate someone who said that
at work i had to pick an order for a german market that had a lot of candy and all i could think was the land of chocolate
and now that my phone updated from 3g to lte...
newsflash: you're not entitled to be potus just b/c you want it: hillary: 'why aren't i 50 points ahead?'
better question "why am i not in jail?"
hey! did i miss anything? lol jk the world is on fire here's a thing i made
yeah, if i knew you were back on the twitters i would have given you a formal h/t -- welcome back to trolldome 2016!
random thought- if there was to be a gravity falls comic, what kinda comic would y'all like to see?
pre-gruncles, new storyline, not a prequel.
weird statement after today
maybe he recycled comments from january?
foralltoenvy.. site in teh pic above
just peeped it they do bro!
glad you took it upon yourself to do it. you're a true american hero
if your community won't admit it others will air the dirty laundry. elephant in room.
that's it. i'm done with you, fellow millennials.
hey, i heard that dang thing works miracles
but plot twist, i still have an a grade in this class
hey thats a passing grade fuck it
question - 11 does drinking have any health benefits.... is it good for you?
heck yeah, in moderation. i believe it's healthy and kills germs. seriously!!
this would be you in high school
it makes me so happy that you thought of me holy shit
i'm never gonna be able to see my mentions again fr
internet famous? can't relate
i want to like , but i'm struggling.
agreed! not diggin riggs...
candlebox!!! are u guys coming to ontario canada?? .
fingers crossed someday!!
penge ng ice cream.. hehehe
here! the choice is yours...no need for spoon!
weight loss 101: after you've lost some weight, cold weather is something that effects you. not sure if want.
.... that's it, turn this plan around.
i guess that would be her reward for the big reduction in climate change mentions subsequent to sanders endorsing her.
the conundrum for us "climate people" is that a vote for clinton may also be a vote for climate catastrophe.
mine are more in the summer when i work in the yard
why dont they reply?
hashtag game! tweet out a funny song lyric parody about the fall and tag with . could be sung by on our show!
i'm sure someone googled the video. ugh... good luck with that one. lyrically i think it can be pulled off.
here are some actual facts. stop making it worse! the myths of black lives matter via
actually read this!
i will blame you if anything happens. i have cried
you're the happy one, girl bye.
hillary caught using green screen to fake audience again
ha!! conspiracy theorist! that's not possible!! no way!!! do you know how long that would take?!!!
don't get me started with that whole keychain thing - just about threw my macbook out the window
apple is to online services as google is to hardware products
thank you to our colonists for being very brave and fighting to break away from britain for the freedom we still have today.
this kind of text about american history is what ultimately brainwashes college students into political views they did not have prior.
hot chocolate in a boot must be even better!
bhoot chocolate! ;)
girl i already see
u see they dont reply! cuz its not true!
tell me how i go down to the door at work to let someone in early and it's natalia dyer and her people i am genuinely freaked out about this
checked natalia in at work and introduced myself and she remembered me what's up y'all
the best for last in my opinion
i think i am second ...you make me smile..
98 is my overall grade in the class, so like i'm taking this huge w
oh yeah for sure! probs to being so dedicated homie... u deserve everything u got comin towards ya
cops don't just go out killing whoever they want.
i disagree, again move on, i never engaged you so i'm not going to entertain this further, you have no compassion
.... that's it, turn this plan around.
but i've gone too far down the rabbit hole (by which i mean i now eat fruits and veggies)
an early look at tomorrow's front page... 15 could get him 20: teen sex chat claim puts weiner in peril of jail...
why put a photo of him wearing a hat on the front page???
i'm not asking to be number 1 but can i be in the top 5?
you're definitely within my top 5 favorite cousins
nyc is not typical america. maybe that's why you and others cannot understand plight of others.
no idea where you're from but unemployment down from ~14% in 09 to under 5% in almost every state.
if i was europe, i might rather lose and play sweden. if they win, they might have to face na (or russia)
id rather win and let canda and sweden beat one another up..take my chances with the kids
q6: we never let a morning pass without our biotin bursts to keep our skin beautiful and radiant
a6 either ur skin has it or doesnt
now i'm buying 500 pillows for the apartment
should have asked the landlord to put a pillow limit in the lease
i know it's not a big deal, but, for those of us who followed early on, was neat.
i completely agree! they weren't really loosing anything by following us
i got a question, is it weird for a man to wear a wnba jersey?
i didn't even know they sell those to the public
every exit is an entry somewhere else. -tom stoppard
congrats nominated
now after this latest stunt im tempted to write him off for good
from this day forward i cannot make wiener jokes about this guy anymore.
i usually can tell straight-away with the smell -- it has a certain rottenness on the nose
ok. good to know. but i've had good pinots that smell like that were awesome!!
. darling. look at what crocs have come to. can you handle it?
might have to re-examine who has his finger on the pulse of fashion a simple "u were right" couldn't hurt
one of the many reasons i'm proud to be on the board --leadership &amp; collaboration!! ...
thank you for rt!
all in just 11 days.
even as a fan, i feel badly for your fanhood.
. finally shows up at the studio
what a diva
but i've gone too far down the rabbit hole (by which i mean i now eat fruits and veggies)
... you're eating the food that your real food eats? :(
johnny cueto pitched like a seaver for most of this year, so he'll miss at least one start with groin pains.
should have worked in a boner joke. b+
those are supplements?
it's like you can be prone to acne. nothing is going to cure it
entire indiana fever team kneels during national anthem prior to wnba playoff basketball game....
fukkin losers. someone tell them nobody is watching
real niggas cant be cuffed thought you knew this fam
didn't you get cuffed in the middle of summer tho? violated the code, homie
ok. you're right. the black cop that shot the black man was racist. and the racist black police chief is....
again, move on, i'm not gonna do this
i want a monster energy sponsorship shut upqueed
coincidentally i have also been looking to be sponsored by monster energy. exhibit a:
back in austin, bbq yisss
go to a better place! rudy's is aite.
not sure about that. 90% of republicans would vote for joseph goebbels. keeps any national candidate competitive.
r's are a minority. 90% of them beat nobody in a national election.
from the time he sent pics with his son lying next to him i was completely disgusted, why is he still relevant?
....i forgot about the son pics! degenerate!
we need us a lol
lol facts! it's gonna come, he around somewhere lol
thanks man. we need more people like you to tell us what's wrong with us.
well apparently because all you do is invent conspiracies to blame
don't be mad at android, be mad at yourself
lol what can't you do on android besides use specific apple apps
exactly!! it was sassy and fun now it's to robotic and calculated posting.. obviously not as appealing to the eyes
i used to love the sarcasm and puns! the photos used to be better too
on the youtube side of things, did you check out pokemon cypher 2016? i'm not a fan of rap but i freaking loved it :d
oh yeah, i saw some of the cypher. i enjoyed it, thought it was pretty well put together for the most part honestly.
this was trump's response when asked how he plans to replace obamacare unfu*^%#%believable
each day a canadian journalist, , puts out a list of trump's lies-this was yesterday's
he probably never takes this off.
probably helps him with the ladies
my gawd these women are ridiculously good looking!
i kinda feel like the trump nomination will be viewed historically as the end of the gop
either that, or the trump presidency will be the end of the, usa, possibly?, world
every exit is an entry somewhere else. -tom stoppard
brand new tune star
hehe whoopsss was that me that broke it
lmfaoooo imagine i was really that crazy!!!!
if voters approve expanded gaming in northern new jersey, we could see two new state-of-the-art entertainment desti...
what about shopping on sunday? we'll be able to legally gamble (which i'm ok with) but not be able to buy underwear?
q6: we never let a morning pass without our biotin bursts to keep our skin beautiful and radiant
as you get older the bursts die out.nothing is going to bring it back
empire comes back on tn if anyone cares or wants to know who fell off the balcony
thank you lol
catch me in 30
i'll catch you whenever you fall
never saw pictures of obama with soldiers? here ya go
president obama annually gives tens of thousands of dollars for afghan vets. it's in his tax returns.
random thought- if there was to be a gravity falls comic, what kinda comic would y'all like to see?
always wondered ho wendy interacted with her family. the shapeshifter so would be so many cool things you could do him.
your mcm thinks you're childish for listening to justin bieber but he still has his dad do his taxes :(
justin bieber is an angel i low key am in love with him.
i need to add something to my bio so it looks nicer gimme ideas pls
"follow for a swallow"
because it makes white men feel face and anything that makes white men feel safe will live forever. racism, sexism, classism 4 ever
things that are terrifying to old white dudes: 1. black &amp; brown men 2. tax increases 3. female sexuality/menstruation 4. trans ppl
it'll probably fall off due to leprosy before someone castrates him
every woman loves sex with me because my dick is curved just the right way to hit all their spots tbh
actually, gotta give credit for that: he used jed clampett analogy a year plus ago
i can't take credit for it either. but then, not everyone can speak as freely as i do.
every one misses craig
this is true
lol i meant personally but ok
what you meannnnnnnnn
this transcends rivalries.
the giants aren't the giants without the dodgers.... and vice versa
coincidentally i have also been looking to be sponsored by monster energy. exhibit a:
honestly any energy drink. amp if u outthere u kno i always loved u
sounds like a lot of work.
well i'm doing schoolwork and watching penny dreadful
are you kidding me ?! i spoke w all 3 of you today.
i'm disappointed in myself that i didn't know about this
question - 12 what are best served at a party?
ones too good to share. lol. bring good wines to share, keep the awesome ones for those that can appreciate.
leo terrell on charlotte officer shooting: "just having a gun is not justified for shooting &amp; killing this man."...
your an ass leo
how are they gonna win the division if they don't put hannahan in the lineup sean
honestly don't even know who he might be referring to.
no idea, guess we can't get the answer. .
lol! dont u love they are a script. it's like chatting to the dead
you gotta order online, they like $80
that's $79.99 over my budget
things that are terrifying to old white dudes: 1. black &amp; brown men 2. tax increases 3. female sexuality/menstruation 4. trans ppl
the reason black &amp; brown women are not listed is because old white men still see them as objects of closeted desire
visited white house 78 times!!! ...
join the block party stupid idiot
got 2 pre-sale album codes for friday if anybody wants them.i used mine on bkstg already,i don't need these codes.dm me
hi! would you share with me?? please!
how are you preparing for the premiere, ? ?
just murdered someone
i will say.. will be interesting to see how merc come out saturday after day of travel... then just one day off.
yep should be a great game
our leader, gilberto collazo, teaching our about becoming sustainable and being
bivocational if they're lucky! oniony thanks for great work, though! is legit.
in a perfect world.
they should tbh
sky check: its beautiful outside right now
personal wellness check: i haven't been outside all day
i thought about taking my own life this morning
u too young to be wastin ur energy on that bullshit
o beautiful, where is that?
that is of upper manhattan &amp; the southern part of the bronx - as taken from the new jersey side of the hudson river.
and definitely happy to send you opposing data! how do we reach you?
also, both groups lost weight! which is...good?
thanks brotha, and i think you mean right?.... right???
i actually meant q rich year but lets not get ahead of ourselves not even jordan can compare to him a...
what if, instead of a gigantic tax cut mostly for the rich, we tried a gigantic tax cut entirely for the rich?...
look, rich people live in communities too.
if you cum in the matrix.... you cum in real life
but then you aren't allowed back
then tech interview biases get in the way: hard to have github personal projects when you are standing watch/guard duty.
so it is a matter of education on both sides? there must be a way to do that.
guess i will have to buy this one.
i know i'm buying one us magazine sells out for the first time
just had that on saturday
amazing. did you like it too?
innocent. some probably are. some are not.
being guilty of a crime does not mean you should die, move on
happy 21st birthday!! have fun, be safe love and miss ya!
thank you linz love you too!!!
q7: why is exfoliating important to you?
a7 exfoliating rips my skin open.i have been bleeding since sunday!
just as bad they call isis ..isil. to insult isreal!! libertard scum!!
the 'l' stands for levant, which includes cyprus, which is european union.
the world is getting woke at an astonishing rate and eventually they're gonna just have each other....
easier to round up and fly to a small island somewhere, i guess
happy birthday chlo
thanks sav
every exit is an entry somewhere else. -tom stoppard
brand new tune
i want people to tell me who my three fictional characters are.
larry moe and curly!
wow i did not mean to create this hostile twitter environment for our pal,jeeves
please be kind to little jeffers
although i agree with your solution to this, we would end up with mike pence as the fill in and he is more dangerous!
the american inquisition. mike pence, chief executor
really enjoyed your scopes today! you're always there just when i need a break &amp; cheering up, thank you.
anytime my friend! thanks for being a true blue viewer!!
im to old for this shit. haha
lmao it's easy man. no worries
i was so afraid they were gonna think i was a monster &amp; we'd never joke about spongebob again. i'm so happy
literally living the dream
and before that, colorado
and detroit before that !!
just a few questions left! keep up the conversation for a chance to win a beauty bundle from &amp; !
exfoliating it doesnt really seem like anyone is replying.
donald trump leads the latest north carolina poll.
who in their right mind would vote for hillary? she is a criminal and should be tried for murder and...
this my jam lol
whos time did u waste today
tired of hip restaurants i want taco bell
i just spent $22 on a sandwich. i feel you
can we tag this for grumpy caleb
already added it
lol yo that's your shit
daily banger
2/2 q: they struggle to interrogate standard ed b/c they just want to "survive the week." how to shift this process?
comes w/ time/exp. evry1 has 1styr lol. have 2say tho tfa chi '11 didn't teach anything bout chi. not culturally relevant?
im not on tinder
im not on tinder on opposite day
that too that too
lmao you feel me this is why we get along
no you don't lol it gets ugly, i use profanity &amp; yell alot and usually end up shirtless somewhere
exactly... it's not my fault you said it
recommends we keep conversation going.so when's the next social justice satu...
wellllllll, this isn't at tc, but y'all come!
one of everything, por favor.
mirror revealed in the mirror.
bummer, have a conflict and can't attend the concert tonight.
i missed the one a few years back, and i'll never forgive myself.
a taxi in sf? your story doesn't ring true.
all these old dudes who rented out their medallions now have to drive their own cabs! everyone drives for uber now.
i agree, to busy with tips to answer i guess.
i do not believe in anything they are trying to sell. it's not right
we offered to take up a collection to but a new shirt for tomorrow.
oh hell, i'd take him out buy him a new suit if i were near by.
sadly not my friend! why?
listened to your interview w ilya and you mentioned being at the index office. i thought you meant index sf :)
its the diff btwn blue cheese and cheese that has turned blue...if that makes sense?
ok. got a big chuckle with that one.
why am i paying for secret service detail for either of you, release your fucking taxes, you're siphoning tax paye...
yeah, wpmen who work barefoot in the kitchen
congrats guys! you are perfect for eachother &lt;3
thank you &lt;3
nifty fielding by bartolo colon in a scoreless sixth. 3, 0, mid-6
just bart being bart, really not shocked with anything bart does anymore
anyone else missing the summer days spent at the beach, riding the giant dipper
considering it's "indian summer" out here, temps should be in the 80's by the weekend!
here we go. my first ever tweetstorm, this re the california legislative analyst's fine report on .
you didn't string them together!!! how can i possible retweet this?!?!?!?!
the kids destroyed europe in prelim, not sure it will change.
is much better now.
therefore you will not vote labour at the next general election. a vote in your constituency is also a vote for jc...
in all good conscience, i cannot vote for .
what's the deal with restaurant reservations these days? if opentable shows nada, call? or don't bother?
definitely call. also &amp; .
these sound effects tho?!
boi bye (mic drop)
great convo tonight w/ abt composting, c&amp;d recycling, plastic bags
some great ideas abt what we can do via for a model neighborhood.
whyd you choose pink bro?
why not ? you think i care what people think?
y'all become the dogs you wanted to be yet or no?
nope when i got the right one, it is all about me and my b**ch. biggie voice.
i got to play the role of darth vader in his pair programming demo. let's have a beer tonight!
it was you ???? :)
;___; i am crying this is so beautiful thank you alyn and thank you hun for everything
of course! i love you
i was given a free monster and i still refused. i'm glad i was able to keep my humanity
but what do i know aboutthat amirite nas energy drinks that i love
is there a way to turn off the "press home button" thing after you unlock your phone on ios10??
sort of... settings &gt; general &gt; accessibitlity &gt; home button &gt; rest finger to open (toggle on)
leftists claim they "were stalked" everytime thier bullshit is publicly shot down.
dude ur so right. words are "just words." hitler didnt even need to make any speeches to mobilize the nazi party.
i think you might have already given that away
it's technically open til oct 22 and honestly the gauntlet's been thrown it's in 'a court now
yinzers: is there anywhere in picksburgh where i can find one of these murder donuts?
check w/ jessica at how sweet it is. apparently makes a mean red velvet donut.
shots fired round 3.
you didn't just call me out right ?
flordia calling it at 2 am
been to florida and i'm not buyin' it
i hate ending on bad terms w bitches i love being friends w bitches from my past tbh
maybe if you stop calling them bitches they'll still be cool with you lol
hmm the "hotel" i booked on is actually just an apartment with a bed. it's like airbnb but...
i like the guy who gave it a 2 instead of a 1.
is right lol
omg i forgot to tell you on monday but that's the name of my book series for next month! hehe
and definitely happy to send you opposing data! how do we reach you?
the variable that seems crucial to me is, was the website where half the group logged their results public/shared?
u guys are missing out if you aren't following me on ig!! i posted these sexy selfies today ~ ...
been following you, i am still waiting on a follow back.
our customer tour 3 group watched a taylor farms' auto romaine harvest earlier this morning.
we loved having you!
a7: yes! especially in france &amp; italy! lucky 2 have enjoyed cheeses for dessert all over europe. sigh. so good.
. i'm so excited to attend the cheese festival in bra, italy next year!
i love you guys!!
we love you too!
how do u even function with that bundle of cuteness everyday. i malfunction around even cats let alone babies.
between the cuteness and lack of sleep functioning can be difficult sometimes
why not ? you think i care what people think?
nah not at all, its just an odd color. wouldn't pick you for the pink phone kind of guy ya know?
this incredible thunderstorm photo was taken from a plane over panama city
:obama:these are strange times. we can only wonder if heaven is trying to get our attention towards true god
shirts are $20, if you gave us $23 we will give you your money back. due to the confusion orders and money are due next wednesday.
$15 and we have a deal
not sure what you mean by "old style". not what fiske is advocating, right?
actually yes fiske prefers a system that puts ideas over rigor. a higher bar as in econ impedes ideas and limits the ? we ask
more good news from the never-not-busy
sometimes a pressure cooker is just a pressure cooker.
what do you do when your therapist is late every single week for a 45 min long appointment but you like her?
jk ignore this tweet she's the best
when this is the first thing you see after a long day cooped up in your office pod. we need outdoor desks, right...
&lt;3 those fall colors!
who's dying
she talking about our relationship are u serious alexis?????
dude ur so right. words are "just words." hitler didnt even need to make any speeches to mobilize the nazi party.
idk why he ever spoke at all! since they are superfluous and meaningless.
oh well that's no fun
well in that case ma'am
he said my toes look like lollipops he can't wait to lick em.
just the toes from the looks of you, everything deserves that.
you need to share the actual thing. :|
i mean, not that i'm going to eat them or anything.. because they're not healthy.. but they'll be done in about ten minutes ;)
and definitely happy to send you opposing data! how do we reach you?
being publicly accountable for reaching goals makes a big difference ( showed that!). huge motivator.
"at the end of the day, no matter what business you're in, people don't want to hear...
can you clarify the rule; if you are pushed out, is it illegal touching?
i hope you said, "no, where a guy pulled a gun on cops, failed to comply, and a cop of the same race shot him."
i wasn't trying to step on toes my first day lol
hi josh, can you please provide your dorm building and room number? we will get to the bottom of this.
toll drive/chvez hall b304. room c/d/common room leaking. maintenance here again today, hoping this was a permanent fix.
well, and scout the wonder dog are kindred spirits
your dog is so good
i changed my mind i think this is actually better than a link
keeps that sense of mystery
yes!! i forgot to do that when i got my gown
im 5'1 so i should put 5'3?
oh get a mild one. i tried one that was bad gritty and it was awful.
eh.all this preaching with no proof. age brings on skin sag! we loose luster. rejuvenate me?
as if the loud teenage parties weren't enough my rear neighbors have a large trump sign lashed to their tree. imonna go poop in their pool.
pics or it didn't happen
isn't that what the kids are calling a "culk" these days? you don't want to be friendlyzoned.
super_phallus69 has logged onto the chat
trump: "i'm different from a lot of republicans frankly and that's why we're winning states that aren't even in pla...
republicans motto seems to be party first , screw the people !
rianne never talks to people lol. she has hundreds of unread texts each day
rianne seems like the kind of person that needs her read receipts on but she doesn't even read them
a7. no! i do not like a cheese course for dessert
you can not be trusted! ;)
it's ok, you *can* turn it off
how did you turn off the page flip animation? i'm furious at the stupid thing
please tell me you're not using that as a reliable source. he was shot with his hands up! they didn't know his record then.
i get what you're saying but did you watch the video? his hands weren't up.
simple stealing people's money
over charging for speeches she may or may not give
: i used flywheel over uber and lyft. worked great.
i put my hand in the air or yell for one. works great.
no potato soup? let me know how this was.
potato soup will be tomorrow. the pumpkin lasagna was excellent
i've watched it 6 times so far, no joke beatdown, shizzy, rogersbase, joeypokeaim, and youngdanklord have the best verses imo
joey's was good, that's for sure. i think it's impressive that they're able to come together for these things every year
yooooo i laughed too hard when i saw this
me tooooooo bro i couldn't wait to show you this it's totally you
"follow for a swallow"
this was a serious suggestion
and definitely happy to send you opposing data! how do we reach you?
...but even the accountability of having to report to the website is greater than the self-reporting of a device.
wish i knew hispanic men that actually dated black women bc y'all so... mhm
hispanic niggas here in ny love y'all
uhhhhh you can't just finger me at sleep no more then pretend i don't know you when i see you in public??
i love this
i've watched it 6 times so far, no joke beatdown, shizzy, rogersbase, joeypokeaim, and youngdanklord have the best verses imo
and have it be pretty alright/good on a consistent basis
to the t to the a to the r k a lets goooooooo jack tarka
i love you for doing this smmm
yum! how did it turn out??
it was delicious! can't wait for the new cookbook too!
*coughs* *coughs*
he was at some apple event in london today, so you never know...
ok we really need an ocean beach happy hour like stat
at the riptide? happy hour, outer sunset edition?
it'll teach the good in the long run
you'll never watch my kids.
have you been misunderstood? what did you mean?
: "only whites can b authority on black ppl's exprnc." 1/2
hey bozo or bono or whatever your name is.. i forgot your name because you were a good musician 25 years ago! stay the fuk out of usa
i second that motion!
i'm lame with technology.
it's a very good tweetstorm though!
question - 13 is there a 'most popular' varietal of the world?... in your house?
in my house is big with my better half. i personally love from or
lmao if that is racism at it finest what's this
so if someone else is racist charlamagne can't be? smart.
we talking about you homie. focus
lmao my bad. i can't be cuffed but i can do the cuffing right? i'm still working on the dude, heading straight to the altar tho
and definitely happy to send you opposing data! how do we reach you?
...so it might be like so: dieting alone &lt; dieting with wearable &lt; dieting with accountability
paradigm shifts ftw!
what an amazing idea. evolving tactics by taking calculated risks - crazy
a3 would be cool to have a pln near a stateside installation, where dodea teachers partner with local ed agency teachers
i am in . you should definitely organize this!
lmao my bad. i can't be cuffed but i can do the cuffing right? i'm still working on the dude, heading straight to the altar tho
that's that rns, imo
we'd love to connect with you at javaone. swing by our booth, 5601 :)
oh no, just got this. sorry . javahub is now closed.
let me direct it whenever you done lol.
lmao getting this thing right and we'll be talking soon bruh
peace ain't been helping the cause either. bye.
you're wasting your breath, sir. just stop.
paranoid trump supporters...the twilight zone...funny funny funny!
omg really? where did these ppl come from?
this new ios10 update is pretty terrible i have to say... mainly because it takes about five minutes just to open my phone
the confusion is mutual.
' revis says 'out of shape' report was ex-agents taking 'a shot'
no one practices and trains harder than
pal means his pole (is) ant long. haha owned
5.5in but i have broken a few vaginas with it. don't make me hunt you down, woman
50 mins till the finale! and it looks like nicole is making a crossover appearance on !
stop that! lol
another satisfied client!...demolished their kitchen, ran electric lines for their under cabinet lighting, and put i...
looks clean bro!
icymi: what do i do the second day after a start? follow along with me here!
how different was this when you came out of the pen for a short time? thanks
i love those title cards in rohmer. they resemble chapters in a novel. in full moon in paris they say what month it is
yeah, i love them too--almost can't imagine making a movie without that kind of tool, if i were to.
i have one complaint about leaving wi-fi on when playing pokmon go, on ios. i had been turning it off, but suggested otherwise.
using wi-fi helps get a quicker fix, especially when you can't get 3 satellites in view, but occasionally i notice it gets confused.
yes! they are pretty into it! let me know if you have any ideas to throw in
thanks!! i'm just starting. feel i need to read the book...or specific how to pd. i'm still a tad lost.
be such a dope soul that people crave your vibes.
love the way u said that
i am i am hehe fingers and toes crossed!!!!!! ...
jumps for joy
this inside story confirms that fir was filed against me at pmo's behest. when whole nation is worried about uri at...
by responding to this.. you dig your own hole.. sir, stop being so silly and stupid!!
my god, this film is too real. too real...
old age is the acid test of marriage. so many americans split after 40, 45 years.
come through
i"ll be there by 6
i just have to keep telling myself that one day these 6am-9pm days will pay off.
that's what the weekends are for
and definitely happy to send you opposing data! how do we reach you?
...but my personal experience when using a jawbone tracker was that it pushed me to meet previous step standards.
i just got demoted?! what the hell?! let's talk chloe as pres
so writing her in!!
yeah, i love them too--almost can't imagine making a movie without that kind of tool, if i were to.
love the humorous/surprising ends to which they are employed especially in the green ray and claire's knee
this man thinks this is impressive
i wanna see you come out in first place on fanduel
grateful to still receive pitches, if only for dressing announcements relating to sam heughan, riz ahmed and rami malek
just thinking about riz makes me salivate
good evening tatianna was robbed and should not have gone home
i hope she returns tbh
o trying to start a race war and hes only half black just likes hes half assed. criminals destroying black tax paye...
uneducated people = moronic savage behavior.
look at the lil men.... sticking together... y'all put together makes 1 pg
and you all equal joel anthony playing ass nigga lol
yeah no thanks
hop out me mentions racist trump supporter?
u gotta wake up. it doesn't matter how many times he's been arrested. no one of any color should be murdered for not listening.
i'm not on the cops side at all but i find it crazy he's reaching for his waist. why??
looks like we're going to need stricter guidelines for the . g-sh d*rn rapscallions are running amok!
with f**ins you can't win
the hardest thing to do as a tv pundit is be on with someone who either lies, shades truth, deflects, pivots to avoid being honest...
which i imagine must happen everyday sir! please continue to represent those who do not have your stage, and thank you!
and definitely happy to send you opposing data! how do we reach you?
(tho i wasn't trying to lose weight, i was trying to remind myself to move.)
the best part is you don't even know i have already
should i be scared
startups options should last for 10 years or allow net exercise. otherwise employees often have to forfeit on departure. borderline scam.
what is net exercise?
it's bad when you're knocking off vineyard vines
yikes to all of that
yo i was there opening day
rt so i know the love is real
oh, is it a managed care thing?
i have no idea whatsoever. its my moms insurance
do you believe people will want to live "farther" out b/c of autonomous vehicles? still not sure on this one.
yes. you could work in the car. pay lower rents.
"this is correct." clinton did admit refugees who were later charged with terror crimes.
omg, you're kidding! hospitals didn't kill newborns that grew up to be serial killers, too.
he is the og troll master. love pat so much. he is a national treasure.
you think him and vanna? of course, right?!
it is a powerful film. war is a horrible thing and the film shows this in a graphic, but accurate way. millions wil...
he supported "conscientious cooperation" re: vietnam war &amp; publicly opposed blacks entering lynchburg church
can you find the name of a grump in this super difficult word find?: d q x s u z y x q d
clearly ninja brian. he's stealthy like that
simply put, if you're so easily scared and trigger happy, why are you an officer?
if that's the excuse y'all coming with, whoever hiring these niggas needs to be fired first.
using wi-fi helps get a quicker fix, especially when you can't get 3 satellites in view, but occasionally i notice it gets confused.
and my position suddenly zigzags maybe 250m in one direction and 250m in the other because it saw someone's ap &amp; misadjusted.
i live by your blog
we appreciate the love so much!
such friendly staff and a lovely sentiment from in victoria station.
love this. you deserve nothing but the best xox
are they good tho
i'll let you know in ten
isn't that common? lots of foundations just redirect money. no operations of their own.
yup, very common.
in all good conscience, i cannot vote for .
&amp; before i vote for anyone at next ge, i will enquire whether they have confidence in as pm.
that's what i thought but wasn't too sure. they hold up with rain/water? i'm too scared to wear flyknit anything when wet.
jason mark products have changed the flyknit game forever. i always spray it on and the rain bounces right off the flyknit material
my bitch foreign your bitch for everyone
you guys never want to hang out with me no more
(tho i wasn't trying to lose weight, i was trying to remind myself to move.)
anyhow thanks for engaging. interested in aarthi's take!!
need to gets me a philly cheesesteak while i'm here!
that is a bit of a drive from parx.
digging through records for tomorrow's slow dance event at our wicked lady, listening to 's ear hammer on *swoon*
trying real hard not to tear up to willie nelson's cover of "stardust" oh my gooodnessss
peace love wh athletics
elvin the only one stressing
adrianna got back with phizz after all that? twitter drama is fake
what happened? short story
one time this girl i knew straight up used to tweet exactly what i tweeted just hours or days later
i didn't follow her but she was in my best friend's group of friends so.. idk how she thought no one would notice?
the difference between 200 &amp; 300 level. it's enormous... why 2 classes at uncg kicked my butt like 6 classes at cpcc didn't.
this is for my one 200 level class. so dumb.
"it's a fuckinnnnn netty pot." "it's like leann fa ya nose."
who the fuck said this
wonder how bad a place has to be to get a 1-star.
'had a bed with a roof over it, didn't die. i rate that a fair experience. 2 stars.'
really tanaka??? 4 dingers in 1 inning?!
that's a first!!!!
nobody found screenshot yet! the title starts with: "mee...".
meet me in st. louis
head over to new york now. iphone 7 plus in stock
i want my iphone 7 plus!
and my position suddenly zigzags maybe 250m in one direction and 250m in the other because it saw someone's ap &amp; misadjusted.
i noticed that in the suburbs once or twice (possibly related to nearby hotspots or google shuttles) &amp; also on stevens creek trail.
dod: $8.7 billion so far fighting isil in iraq and syria, averaging $12.1 million a day -
all to just take out 30'000 isis maniacs, and they still haven't completed the job. nice one.
new role hasn't started yet but just got an on boarding email: "go buy the laptop you want, don't go crazy, expense it". happy days!
cya in a couple of weeks in rdu :)
last week vs today... what is snapchat trying to tell us?
snapchat is...
rock literally sends messages, and uses real instruments. it's music, i love certain rap, but most of it is just bullshit auto tuned crap.
the ignorant rap
just got my 12 bay ds2415+ nas. i'm now using it to store nearly 100 terabytes of images from my photogra...
what drives are you tossing in there?
when i was a kid i thought the black market was a physical location one went to fill up their shopping cart from a bazaar of illegal wonders
sometimes i still envision it this way
with the baadass makeup crew , that makes us look good,bad,ugly,and fugly if need...
you still look mighty fine to me ml&amp;r to you hon
yah mon!!! don't know why we didn't link when i was in toronto
ms lady, im here in ny.
fun fact: i am of spanish descent on my mom's side but my family went through a white wash in texas so i know v little about my heritage!!!
(i mean we are european but even still y'all it makes me sad)
its like thus is computer generated, have they answered any one
they sure know which of the chosen 12 to win my mind wonders! lol
your buddy corinne totally crushed it at . pls don't rec her anymore- we want to keep her for ourselves.
lol you know hustlers like me and corinne never rest though! :p
question - 14 should i refrigerate a bottle after i've opened it?
for rose or white i say yes. for a red i wouldn't. everyone is different.i think how you store it is important
i'm part bleh bleh, he has no chance
oh shit you're right
going with la as the premier frontier city in 2017 then
public support for la 2024 was over 80% in a poll earlier this year. la, the city that can.
well there was this incident with a can of guinness once, but it cleaned up well. you'll be fine, just relax
well then you don't wanna know the things i've ordered from japan
have you been misunderstood? what did you mean?
rejects black ppl's voices on own experience/truth. 2/2
nah not at all, its just an odd color. wouldn't pick you for the pink phone kind of guy ya know?
i told the man pink but i think it might be rose gold
i noticed that in the suburbs once or twice (possibly related to nearby hotspots or google shuttles) &amp; also on stevens creek trail.
this morning i think the wi-fi on the apple bus i saw may have thrown it off but it was mostly when returning to the app that it zig-zags.
nathan campbell
welcome to you both!!!
i didn't follow her but she was in my best friend's group of friends so.. idk how she thought no one would notice?
i wonder if she still does it
it begins and ends with the culture.
true. begins with leadership that believes culture is a make or break thing.
important judge ruled nypd can prosecute any protesters without da. be fucking careful out there!!!! please rt
cc: y'all out there tonight at for be careful
when you and your girl are halloween goals apparently ..
i'm dead that your metro card is in the pic lol
its like thus is computer generated, have they answered any one
i dont even see who is still in the party! i got free pizza! enjoying it
worked! why did they do that???
finger print sensor worked too well and users never saw the lock screen. this is apple trying to bring back the lock screen.
wishing my hair was long n soft like
i wish my were always on point like
hey kristina - can we dim the lights a bit?
do you still want them dimmed?
my facebook 'other' folder is always an adventure.
my favorite:
their under-ageness is what concerns me. adolescent eroticism is always awkward, even if the actors are of age.
oh these kids are like 10. as i said, the characters do not know what's going on. would love to know what direction they got
ah okay, but i understand nothing of what danny said me
raising the bar is like setting a higher standard, it's also a good thing
i know. that's what i mean... no critical thinking required.
i'm literally having to resist putting my opinion into this. this guy doesn't belong at mmc
big blue kitten has been retired. i always liked him. horses don't go from 35k maiden claimers to 4x gi winners too often.
glad they retired him rather than descend the ladder.
these numbers may be more or less right. but i find the way of thinking about religion troubling.
troubling that it can be reduced to a last name? would love to see the methodological justification.
we couldn't leave anybody on the beach to try and film the storm. so... i asked our point of view guy andrew if there was any way he could
did he tie himself to a tree
. on : blues take 1 monday night blues!!! new opening let me know what you think?
check that one out
where can you find gears and can you move containers? i found a fridge in a cave and i want it
gears are in the monsters you fight in chess boards. but they're tough. so armor up first. i think you can pickaxe the fridge
everybody is looking for a big w.
isn't the big w in the mad mad mad mad world?
wouldn't nobody give a shit less if somebody white said "damn black people taking this will and jada break up hard"...
he made a dog reference. bring up fried chicken the other way in a joke and you get fired.
so don't you think ppl will be scared to use this app.
if every message you send in personal chat, can be made public, i think it should scare people
forget . how about quilt crush wednesday? we're blushing! ...
thank you for the rt!
just finished a late case--can you send the link again?
i hope the crab style video was entertaining and to your liking jim.
ok so i was just looking at pics of my new apartment and i realized how do i reach the microwave :// help
i can reach it
a8. i hear there's a whoopie pie fest
when are we going?
this morning i think the wi-fi on the apple bus i saw may have thrown it off but it was mostly when returning to the app that it zig-zags.
and if the zig-zag is big enough, you get the dialog about going too fast and confirming that you're a passenger (or in my case walking).
i'm going to have to have a drink or two to be ferocious!
make it happen. enjoy. hydrate.
so they drop the suit if they decide to use union construction? are unions better at dealing with toxics ?
no, but they're better at working on jobs that use union labor ;)
yeah but can i stick them up your butt? (sorry brb i'm crying rn)
uuuhhhh one of them
please go to setting &gt; psn &gt; restore licenses. let us know if this helps you with the issue you are having today.
thank you!! i'll try that tonight. thanks again!
yes! and it would have been okay if i had seen it rather than had a small furry animal touch me in the dark
moonlight, now in super-puppervision
i'll be there! thanks for sharing.
yayyyyy! do sign up 2 bring some of your awesome resources- it's a grassroots effort &amp; i know we need good bilingual stuff!
they erased all the posts we made all the time every years since 2012 about this you will not find anything on his facebook
i meant would check up on his fb page every now and then* sorry!
instead we're getting ai's trained to be racist in a week, photo software that can't tell black people from horses...
i hope this will evolve quickly to help.
i'm dead this page is posting this.pic
sexual gif lmao
ru better pull a trixie or the show will be over
the eliminated queens are lip syncing to come back!
google. the. word.
i wonder what words racists come up with when they realize the morals of a black person far exceed their own?
debating if i should go to three or four of the giants games here at petco. i'm not sure if i can take all of the 9th inning sadness.
go to 1, if they win, go to the next and so on...maybe you can bring them some luck!
thanks for 5 years of magic. we couldn't do this without you and we do it for you. here's to at least 50 more ...
the end made me laugh so hard
do you work there?
something like that, freelance online marketing @ its finest! i've gotta make income more than 1 way right??
the worst feeling in the world is an "i lost my wallet" panic attack.
i found it, by the way. it was in my hamper. i'm a dingus.
went in the other day for groceries thinking "it's walmart, you can't get cheaper" *drops $140*
they just have so much shit you don't realize that you need until you see it
im haveing an accident all month long
i'm dm'ing 69 fefos in a blaze of glory
and if the zig-zag is big enough, you get the dialog about going too fast and confirming that you're a passenger (or in my case walking).
but other than that occasional hiccup, there doesn't seem to be any reason to turn wi-fi off if you have a line of sight to any known ssids.
on ios 10, go to settings &gt; accessibility &gt; home button and turn off "rest finger to open" to get back the ios 9 to...
or leave it off and give it a chance. those apple deva usually have a good reason to change something.
no plans tonight! :p any one wana hang out?
ok i guess i have to incentivize you guys! how about i will make you lasagna :3
can anyone please tell me what happened down in pr? my mami lives in aguadilla--i'm trying to reach her but i can't! que pas?!
the lights went out i think it was a transformer
um... you know what i am going to say... you need to read the book. checkout too
i know i know. i have it. it goes with me everywhere....it is next on my list.
i wonder what tom from myspace is doing these days
rolling in his millions
i presume it's a combination of partisans, people who anticipate gop tax cuts and the "businesssmen know best how t...
.both presume 2 much. u'r thoughts r 2 rigid, &amp; u'r ignoring or avoiding evidence of anything that might change mind.
trump on why he stopped being a birther: "we want to get on with the campaign" by
clinton campaign responds
i wonder if she still does it
this other girl used to screenshot my ig pics and post them as her own and then blocked me and i'd have never known but someone showed me it
a cyclone wow!!!!! history was just made.
hope there safe
a message for in minneapolis, i want to hear from you and hopefully i'll see you at hazeltine. competit...
just in case he misses his alarm call again!
lovely! i should have checked the slides before. thanks a lot!
you're welcome!
that's pretty sauced up family i agree.however 2013 chris vesic is in the argument also with a 585 pound deadlift and 405bench
thanks for recognizing me family, backer buddies for life!
also follow our special guest who is a pediatrician and mom to talk to us about potty training!
sounds like a plan! i need so down time
when ur friend is driving then they swerve and they say "lol my bad"
this reminded me of you lmfao
from this to this real quick
we're the same
oh, i get those daily. yeah, zuck and me are tight. can i verify your account? sure...
hi, this is my new vaas startup. verification as a service.
step up and let hillary know you've got her back. add your name now if she can count on you in november!
you lost everyone in law enforcement with your deplorable comments about the police shootings in charlotte and tulsa.
hes a rookie to the gm lmaooo
lol bet, ima become the come up king on fanduel then sell my advice to ppl like you
they were fine until her stroke. and even then, he stuck by her. whew...
i'm and one of my fears is being ditched if it gets really bad
i've created something beautiful:
uhh steve buscemi i guess
dod in the us is purposely not political; this is why we have no coups.
also, it's an officers job to protect the constitution... not the enlisted.
that was lit like a christmas tree
that was good im so proud
there's 13 ppl sharing these two small af stalls
me reading these tweets
jcp socks + speaker shoes. i am ready to do the talk at
best speaker schwag ever. love those shoes. (the headshot picture was nice too.)
i want to be your mom when i'm in my thirties
let's all get trashed
read and watch video from news report, and his mom's facebook post there, they keep deleting it, they making $ from his addiction
yeah, i follow chad on fb and that's how i found out. i'm literally "....."
i can't wait for monday nights debate
that shit is going to be hilarious
they are the best, despite no longer being on 2nd ave. a doc brown's cel-rey would also suffice
i agree with all of that.
anyone down to cypher lemme know.
cypher as in rap right?!
nothing pisses me off more than when girls wear body conns with underwear
wrong a bad smoothie and coffee will
i can't wait for monday nights debate
that shit is going to be hilarious
. this is literally playing in my headphones now on my commute home...as it does everyday...
but have you *actually* listened to it? cringe
but other than that occasional hiccup, there doesn't seem to be any reason to turn wi-fi off if you have a line of sight to any known ssids.
sorry, it's actually the wi-fi mac addresses (same 48-bit length as ethernet &amp; bluetooth mac addresses) that get correlated to geolocations.
. received my formal acceptance letter for the oct cohort. extremely excited to start this new phase.
congratulations! we look forward to serving you!
really really dumb idea
. every fun or customizable ios feature is hidden in accessibility. it's like this amazing junk drawer for apple.
question - 15 what does terroir mean? what does it have to do with the final product- ?
i think terroir is the lay of the land. weather, soil and what's planted nearby. call me krazy!
slide through fam
oh true. yeah, it'll be about 5 hours but i'll be there
each character represents a different stereotype?
that's what i'm thinking.... might be fun.
lucid dreaming with you
yes i've been wanting too
ha its the aquarian in you!!!! i was born on the 12th
yup no time for bs!
reporting you for the threat
report me for a promotion more like it
where is ardechokey??
too extensive
you're going to kill it! very excited to sway under the night sky with you.
. i will actually weep if you play this nelson/cline back to back live, ahhh! just saw willie for the first time live recently.
holding my breath until after the debate..turning blue already!! hope she cannot get under his skin..that will rattle her!
i know mavis..same here..she's been studying all of his debates thru the primaries to figure out what to say to piss him off..smh
sounds like the perfect combo!
it is! and i highly recommend their classes too!
thank you both!
you're welcome, but it was ! :)
have you heard this?
so awesome even polar opposites like &amp; can dig it..gonna put it on my now!
excellent! he just played in buffalo and it was a spectacular show. would love to hear more about the recording.
martin came to do our cooking/live music show we have in production; had such a good time he invited himself back!
never lose hope, he always comes back this time of the year from hiding
you're so right. have you heard anything about the tour
ok, ok...technically it's on both times. jeez.
are you a time traveler?
mayfair was gonna die, with or without jane. she was already sandstorm's target, and went to their lair .
no jane. no sandstorm. if jane really cared she would have pulled mayfair's body from the fire.
y'all mia khalifa isn't even that pretty
she can still catch this pipe
she's j a lil baby
with broad shoulders
how is this racist??
dogs &amp; white ppl jokes = fried chicken &amp; black jokes. would be fired if it was reversed. 100%.
okay so you think jermaine dupri, nitti beats, zaytoven, jermaine dupri, andre 3000, ect arent better than him?
thats wat im saying
thanks for the rts!
you're welcome!
. please add a passenger ratings so i can properly complain about ppl like this rider who stuck my uberpool in hellish traffic
man, where's peeple when you need it
they asked him what type tauros was.
thats obvious ghost
totally calm as he explodes behind me.
wearing the green shades in your profile pic. smile on your face as the hair ignites into a colorful ball of hate &amp; hairspray
there's a cheese school in the bay area? fantastic!
yes! you must go! they have awesome classes!
exciting: open houses for new bart train cars coming to bart stations in october (pleasant hill, macarthur, dublin...
you could've held it at millbrae
it was perfectly streamed in my head.
ok i'm going to see gwen stefani and sting tonite. can have a beer after or tomorrow? or are you coming?
sorry, it's actually the wi-fi mac addresses (same 48-bit length as ethernet &amp; bluetooth mac addresses) that get correlated to geolocations.
but i think they have to be broadcasting some ssid in order to be seen. that's why background wi-fi scans are a good use of battery for geo.
we got a new tour bus. bought it off this dude named lloyd.
cool! i have seen that van around town
shits bread tho too haha i just peeped that as well
word yup are you familiar with my work bro?
note to , , , , , &amp; other writers. revis island rebranded: revis resort
cant wait til revis shuts you up.
rotfl ... never happen with billary and looking back obama either. what a mess he made now trump will clean it up.
u r old &amp; delirious. trump cant even clean up his own companies or charity fraud. u think he can clean up the country?
would be a lot better if it was bernie. he would burn trump so many times
nah, hillary is a better victim he's gonna say the craziest shit to her lmao
[soft hair on black holes] *what is history but a fable agreed upon? time dissipates to shining ether the so...
[stellar tidal disruption] ...one is unable to separate peace from freedom because no one will be at peace unless he has freedom...
i hit a deer with my car and screamed "oh deer" and instead of being upset all we could do was laugh lol we're psychotic
don't be fooled she said that the other day when i almost hit a deer she's been waiting for a better time to use it
my feet! they're glass magnets!
this is alarming
my mom just booked the hotel for disneyland
i'm so excited omg time to start my countdown
this is fair. i'm nearing that point
i weirdly have a soft spot for tbl from watching them in the stanley cup final in my first months of hockey fandom
yes, it would be. heard that could be at 206 though
nunes said she has fight news coming soon on instagram also
ah! just realizing you are justin's wife/partner! wish we could have met! i had arrest meeting with him. next time.
absolutely. great job on the panel.
he's not for the culture
it's crazy cause he was really the people's champ last year
football killed me today
that's cuz ur a bitch
since i'm bored lemme see just how trash this new lethal weapon show on fox is
so this dickhead got handcuffed in a trailer with a gun in his holster and u telling me he couldn't just shoot the cuffs off? yea this show
why go to college to complain about it every day? just stop going. dont waste your money. it's that simple.
you skipping class, you cheating, you not engaging in college programs or internships... you know its optional right? you know u wasting $$?
excellent! he just played in buffalo and it was a spectacular show. would love to hear more about the recording.
we are not a venue at all, but this was a unique opportunity we couldn't pass up.
wow you must be some pro nazi racist if you disagree with dems! honestly tho he's the real racist
lol...yep that's me..someone should tell my puerto rican husband tho..he has no idea..lol
goodbye 3 inch
nigga what's with all the disrespect
you should make a visit soon (carlos says hi! btw).
and i wasn't kidding about the deer
still isn't answering my calls.
ok, i'll admit it. that's funny.
you know how my dude it's just the legality.
in summary, the man is holding you down my dude.
pause. trump said that the black community is in the worst condition it's ever been ever.... did he not go to history class or......
literally thought the same thing
today's tournaments 3v3 snd 1nd 9pm est. $3 payout - free entry. signups:
wanna? me, you &amp; hyper?
tenga 4 lyfe wait wrong forum wtf jeeves thought you had recently re-branded your shiny new brand.
dual aneros &amp; tenga tho
android has had this since 2013. nice to see apple catching up a bit.
it's a cool feature.
brand new : tops in battleground states of nevada, north carolina and ohio.
that is pretty tight for a fox news poll
i hope to read colon was dfa'd after the game, dude has nothing left his career is over
that's no fair to retweet that, i speak in the heat of the moment lmao
man, where's peeple when you need it
ah, there it is
also i haven't found a cafe with a vibe similar to the one i used to regular
still i love them and found some places i'd go to again when i am less poor
poll is almost closing
i voted for him twice (in different elections) and the mrs in 2008. i even sent her a few ben franklins...
he probably never takes this off.
get this shirt
are you free next tuesday at 5:30 your time?
i'll get my jug of sangria ready.
i posted a new photo to facebook
probably the shoe box
it's crazy cause he was really the people's champ last year
endorsements got em by the balls or is he just ignorant?
why don't you spend your valuable time chasing the clinton foundation???
typical non answer = that's what you are but what am i?
the stuff i'm making on fl right now are the most struggle producer sounding tunes i've ever heard ffssss. some fisher-price beats
go get the mpc
chip coffey tried, so did that other guy who joined him the end of series he was very "gorda" heavy
yeah yeah, that's him! that's chad. his letter on facebook is very well written.
get your highlighter and sticky notes ready! so many ideas its unreal!
so this makes it worse...i have stickies in the book ready to go.
excellent! he just played in buffalo and it was a spectacular show. would love to hear more about the recording.
the wonderful part will be have the recorded product as a unique acoustic album we will put out at some point.
no problem, and congratulations i hope you have a happy healthy pregnancy
thank you baby you too
jt to stammer and stonewalled by halak
the poor people in toronto..having to watch jt and stammer ...never to be leaf line mates...
i'm a tell them if you wanna do anything you want give moms some hen and she'll be out for 24 hours
lmfao, you so op. that's out. and it was one time!
that's all you have?. you leftists are clowns.
how many innocent civilians did u murder u sick bastard?
with and i will sleep like a log!!!
you know it gf...from your mouth to god's ears..xo
ugh, no thanks
miesha wants to run this one back!!!
so this makes it worse...i have stickies in the book ready to go.
and i've told others to get the book. since it's always with me, i'm always sharing it.
your right. we must somehow stop people from fm saying all these true but incorrect things
truly dont understand what you're trying to say here.
totally meant to sent that from this account lol
lmao i do that all the time
is there a workaround for the stupid cable subscription auth that doesn't involve paying for cable?
- yes. date someone who has cable.
if your from west bab and follow my boyfriend ...unfollow
like i don't talk to none of you , you not my friends don't follow
striking how many dems r giddy abt the prospect that clinton might lose &amp; eager to show why it proves them right
nah. that happened in 2008. now it's a fight for survival of the free world.
when you see bae looks really good in a pic
i hate you so much
third row, stage left. behind the telemundo crew.
totally meant to sent that from this account lol
both, i think. it happens fairly rarely, and only when launching the app, or occasionally at random times. i blame...
now that you mention it, the maps app is definitely very accurate, once it's been running. and it stays running for navigation.
i'm lame with technology.
does this thing work?
of course. are you familiar with mine? :)
not yet you produce shoot me a link bro!
i got ya controllers in my crib
i dead forgot bout them
i had a group together back when we tipped raleigh news and other news channels about this,trying to get refunds, 2014
so you tried to go to one of his shows and then never got money back? that's unbelievable. can't believe how unaware i was.
tweet now to unlock a sneak peek of tonight's season 3 premiere.
i love this show. so glad it's back
not sure if i want to try and stream on beam or twitch tonight. beam is better in broadcast, but twitch has the audience....
i've been busy so i forgot to text you but i'm tweeting you from the toilet...i'll be on in a hour
excellent! he just played in buffalo and it was a spectacular show. would love to hear more about the recording.
the wonderful part will be having the recorded product as a unique acoustic album to put out at some point.
legendary sniper just took out notorious isis executioner from 1 mile away as he prepared to burn 12 hostages alive
wake up people this will be in our streets
when you let me host the car
take me i'll get the food mar
the pay for play is nonsense. 88% of clinton foundation funds go to save lives. period.
n0t really nonsense. at least be honest. that answer doesn't help your cause
is in la work on when we rise. (:
someone saw. thanks for checking! it was totally him! same facial expressions! (like 80% sure lol!)
this horde of neo-nazis, kkk,&amp;other extremist leaders openly backing trump is chilling via deplorable
birds of a feather!
never watched greys anatomy
13 seasons and you won't ever get tired of it ! it's the best i don't see you watching it tbh lol
look it's minh
add a lucky deflection leading to a goal and it's spot on
sometimes i read your tweets and think you might just be very very sad
jus deleted so nobody would think the same, but youre not wrong
when you see bae looks really good in a pic
this was me after gym too
this is a *huge* methodological flaw, . what the hell is a "secular name"?
when so many of us had our names changed at ellis island or (like me) had a (step-)grandparent change a name to find work, name ~/~ practice
that would have legit been my reaction
when i see the scene now it's hilarious but back in the day it was over for sleeping.
4th concussion??? no more sports for you dev
been like this since last may. may was my 3th. june was my 4th
a3. a sweet destination with the world's largest foundation .
. i've been there! jean philippe has incredible desserts!
trying on one of my new cock rings.
that beard
ha its the aquarian in you!!!! i was born on the 12th
i am feb11 .ppl can love me or leave me! lol! they wont be missed! hahahaha!
boy said obama had a lot to do with 9/11 bitch how?? trump supporters really this stupid
he said he was gone during office when 9/11 happened obama wasn't commander and chief
q &amp; a cuz why not. ask me stuff!
give me the cheeze bauoss
well the internet just told me that my itchy neck could be caused by head lice, scabies, or pinworm. cool.
i'll trade you my cold/fever :p (not really this isn't fun either) hopefully things get better soon for you!
having a chat tomorrow about life, work, design, motorcycles and setting your alarm at an odd time. rsvp...
awesome meeting you tonight. let's talk when you come back from the trip. lavalier:
this tweet is too strong
except you apparentrly
4 ways parents can foster an entrepreneurial spirit in their daughters
wonderful &amp; true on fostering entrepreneurship...sometimes it's just about listening!
this is so accurate about i'm triggered
you... dont have feelings
question - 16 why is red able to age for long periods - but not white ?
another one that stumps me. i do know some whites will age a long time. again, help!
nice good luck with it!
thank u friend
marshawn lynch is the most low key genius in america
"if you're really not racist, you won't see what he's doing as a threat, but rather just addressing a problem that we have" - beast mode
everything's better with gifs.
i think will agree :)
i have to "activate" my (old) ipad before i can use it now? when did ios become windowsxp?
we just went through this crap. sorry. (i'm so glad i'm off ios)
"don't blame me, i voted for polonium in a big mac."
there are ca. 700 us citizens w/o degrees who even heard of gary johnson, but will vote for him? nah.
i was so angry this morning and i just remembered why. my cleaning lady hid my toothbrush from me.
also she once gave my dad a speeding ticket i was hiding in my room so basically she's satan.
she's just going to choke and need a defibrillator on stage..
she's gonna destroy trump but trump is just gonna call her out on mad shit and insult her
in my career men always denied they decided against hiring the woman because she was a woman. it was just that particular woman. every time.
and not only at the hiring stage of employment.
howard university cheerleaders knelt during the national anthem in a nod to colin kaepernick...
these whores got down on their knees to blo% the entire team, how much?.
failure to heed the advice of the scientific community "signals the beginning of the end of an informed democracy."
its hubris to think that humans can stop climate change. will adapt us for it.
i'd watch cien/cedric any day of the week, twice on sunday.
tope con hilo is the new super kick, not many guys that can't/don't do it haha.
today i thought about brennan all day
why didn't you tag her
thanks for the amazing welcome gift ! :)
wait did you start working there full time?
thanks for the follow!!!
of course!!! xoxoxo
a6 started a scavenger hunt in the school, ss working out clues for an advantage in the next simulation
. fun! did capture the flag as a scavenger hunt for divergent day. kids loved it...brain and body activities make me happy
the point was you said at its finest
the other guy is a racist idiot. so is charlamagne. can't only go one way must go both ways.
i wonder if she still does it
this other girl (who some friends knew) used to screenshot my ig pics and post them as her own. i'd have never known but someone showed me
i got pulled over. but got away with it
with your charm and good looks?
can we cartwheel at the strip club
wait strip club? why was i not invited to this?!?!?
when so many of us had our names changed at ellis island or (like me) had a (step-)grandparent change a name to find work, name ~/~ practice
also, how are you accounting for characteristic jewish names from non-ashkenazi parts of the world?
are you only located in dallas or do you have groups in other cities
11 cities in the us!
hope they check her for ear piece! not sure she thinks on her own anymore.
lol...this shit will all catch up to her...hopefully sooner than later...
official: announce 2016 training camp roster. 63 players participating in .
let's do this
now that you mention it, the maps app is definitely very accurate, once it's been running. and it stays running for navigation.
i uninstalled google earth because apple maps's 3d satellite view is better, imho. i use gmaps for street view &amp; as a fallback.
nightmares!
neeeeeeeeed the rihanna dancer with the light switch
. i will actually weep if you play this nelson/cline back to back live, ahhh! just saw willie for the first time live recently.
death by when in rome cover ahhh
this other girl (who some friends knew) used to screenshot my ig pics and post them as her own. i'd have never known but someone showed me
ppl are weird
the show is so good!
it's stupid good. it's basically perfect.
at american federation 4 children event in in support of growth
go ahead bite the big apple . don't bite no maggots .
this tweet is too strong
tfw none of my followers will get the joke
i'm not saying it's hollow - we just don't know. it may be hollow, it may not. it probably is, but we don't know. it's hollow.
the msm likes to say it's not hollow, because they can't risk offending the gold-mining elves.
i need dat boi to tour too cuz his music is
he needs to make another album. i still haven't got tired of his first one tbh
that's when i get to see my girl too
she's gonna be mad cause i'll be playing 2k the whole time
3 jobs replacing one good job = 2 created jobs. 62 yo'ds forced to take ssecur. it's what hillary &amp; you don't get. trump does
you think trump cares about you? he won't even bring his factories home &amp; he wants to cut your social security. wake up.
thanks! it's super interesting to see how the dynamic changes in other states too
yeah im actually english so it was allll new to me!
this question always makes me think of jodie foster's response in movie contact - paraphrase if there isn't life it...
it might be also that our definition of "life" is biased and needs recalibration...?
clinton asks why she isn't beating by 50 points. is this woman delusional or what? please retweet to .
not delusional. she's desperate.
having me a nice lil solo birthday dinner
happy birthday that's a very midwestern meal
it's been a long journey. i can navigate twitter about as much as i can highschool
that's really quite accurate.
which conspiracy are we referring to?
police hunting you, crack brought to hood purposely, racism being everywhere, etc.
and before that, colorado
and the weeks i savored with duncan, sadie, and natalya
since thursday morning, we're doing official headshots, here's a look back at a few from 1990. mogil...
the razor mullet!!!
moz is changing how product feature planning &amp; releases work. so thankful we're shifting to this model.
why? can you elaborate more?
always looking out for my fefos
ramen is my fefo bub
yes, chad did try too... everyone knew, everyone who knew pulled away from him, that's why no one would appear with him
i always wondered that! why no one was with him, only sergey because they were dating and stuff
er, that should be "turn on", but you know what i meant.
thank.... you....
first one ever. look out, coming for you, ricks!
i look forward to our next duel. been way too long since our vg battles
literally us in apes last year
me everyday
the shadowland update is now live! new heroes, new costumes, and new mysteries! check it out now in...
and impossible to beat!
of course. are you familiar with mine? :)
let me know if you heard that project!
who else reading this tweet with their eyes
i read it with my chin.
not just gay millennials. all gays say this. mike.pence.hates.gays.
yes; it was in a specific thread context.
the rich have increasing support for authoritarian rule in america
fascinating stuff. do we have any post-2010 data on this?
i preempted a pun???
i'm so proud!
love this look
the gift that keeps on giving
today's zip question. (to answer get zip app at app store. code: sage) do you think the nfl should require players to stand? a) no b) yes
which zip app is it ?
i need some beats remade wassam
hey hyd ii make beats
"i've been drinking these smoothies for a couple weeks and something great has happened..." - jared
better than drugs!
i wore the shit out of them!! lol
i had a few pairs, but none were that huge. lol
i should love this show why dont i
jerry o'connell just left a guy to die in a haunted swamp
telling jokes vs. the possibility of gettin murdered at the whims of cops who get paid 2 do so. tough choice..
a white guy telling the wrong joke is fired. charlamagne keeps his cushy job without a batted eye doing same.
happy 4 months of testosterone to me
i believe that was yesterday not today, but nevertheless happy 4 months i love you and i can't believe it's already been 4.
cold nite shoot in amsterdam. girls send me a hug for warmth. boys courier me a pure leather jacket.
what do you even tweet anymore
i think y'all know i'm always scrolling the fb group.
maddie he tweeted u something im so
let me know if you heard that project!
always down to peep shit bro!
the number of times you've done something before is inversely proportional to the amount of refactoring you should expect to do. discuss.
would rephrase: # of of times you've been frustrated living with how you did it before is inversely prop to the # of refactorings.
lone wolves who were accused bomber to have fallen off feds' terror radar,they were radicalised in the home ground...
right all the nice amer boys who turned bad nope - more to this than we see
please stop making excuses for police officers who abuse their power to exercise their racist (yes racist) agendas on young black men
how about the white kid that got shot for doing nothing in fresno.... if you don't listen to the cops you are at risk
we'll see we'll see. so hillary winning by tko? or will it go to decisions?
she's gonna destroy him w facts and knowledge but he's gonna destroy her on her corruption and all her lies
mt : if you put the federal government in charge of the sahara desert...
about this, he's right. about economics, he's as right and wrong as any other of the soothsayres of the dismal science
i'm done with it. i can't anymore.
white want to be brick walls in this day and age.
we'll see we'll see. so hillary winning by tko? or will it go to decisions?
he's gonna call her out on things no one ever had before
this is when you know that you made it!
you never make it brother, always another level and final boss to beat in the game of life but ty!
how about the white kid that got shot for doing nothing in fresno.... if you don't listen to the cops you are at risk
doesn't matter your race
me and you both. all this paul talk is getting on my last nerve. he was a dick. he was hateful mean talked on everyone
just baffled by why people love what hes done and the people that like him bash james &amp; natalie
oohh shiieett haha she made sure to be that far lol aawww need to see her too
lmao right yeah i miss her, she should be coming to visit like next year so maybe we could meet up, i'll hyu!
also, how are you accounting for characteristic jewish names from non-ashkenazi parts of the world?
(as a medievalist i've loads to say about correlation/not between names, faith tradition, &amp; religious observance, but i'll leave it there.)
if the players really cared they would go on strike. all they care about is attention and money. the is anti-a...
without the fans these players are nothing.we could have them jumping through hoops if we all banned together.
won't get jail time, just will get kick out which isn't a big deal since she is in the reserves.
i think she is the reserves from what i read, seen people get kick out for less. specially now that they are cutting down on
mecklenburg ems: one person shot in uptown taken to the hospital with life threatening injuries
a perp on the street or a police officer?
we encouraged everyone to file with their attorney generals, with fbi since internet scam, and in canada their magistrates
wow!!! how horrible someone i used to look up when i was younger turned out this way... i feel so bad for everyone +
wow, that looks delicious. how was it??
i use green curry powder and put meat, vegetable, muddle, fish into the pot
yes! they are pretty into it! let me know if you have any ideas to throw in
mind erasing, cloning, and water struggle are huge.
good evening and goodbye to the summer of 2016. photo taken portrait and quote: langston hughes. a...
thank you for sharing this!
a10 i would to maldives and have whatever they are serving. some places are greater tham dessert!
true story!
google in a nutshell: i can't use allo or trips because i'm running gmail on a google-managed domain. great products w/o holistic strategy
i remember the same thing happening when inbox came out. they really should ha e figured this out by now.
i saw that mine is feb 12th and same attitude
i have no time for them being bullys&amp; forcing others out.u see what they started now? there must be a better party.they r missing
[stellar tidal disruption] ...one is unable to separate peace from freedom because no one will be at peace unless he has freedom...
*...no passion so effectively robs the mind of its powers of acting &amp; reasoning as fear. to one who is in fear everything rustles...*
"just wanted to call and tell you i love you"
update kaeleigh saw this and called me and said the same thing bc she's the best
"when the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace."
i celebrate firm love today!
anyone need one bored
wanna find 1?
new pod. brandon marshall is notably revealing when discussing people he wishes he could apologize to in his past.
is "pod" a thing? never heard it referred to as anything other than "podcast".
i wish i could pfc 15-footers like you can.
you'll get there
he was busy.
just got this from pretty relevant to the present ??
the most accurate thing i've ever read
inaccurate she wouldnt do shit
what kind of charger is that?
sadly not an (which is the best external battery company)
i literally both of u w a passion gn
u literally both of us with a passion nice
well this is just an early pv. i'm sure future previews will include more characters
they probably all got crushed by the tauros and are behind that cloud of dust for all we know
why? can you elaborate more?
never mind. just saw the replies.
question - 17 what exactly is fermentation?
the process of the grapes melding into that wonderful thing called wine. maybe?
we encouraged everyone to file with their attorney generals, with fbi since internet scam, and in canada their magistrates
but life is a full circle and what comes around goes around! the last domino is already falling..
current/frequent conundrum: there's only one escape but you're not allowed to take it &amp; you're a piece of shit for even thinking about it.
yer not a piece of shit to think about it, but you'll need help to not think about it
"hey gigi let's get ice cream...wait nvm they're closed"
i washed my hair for nothing my cousins are evil
having separation issues..
stop i'm going to cry i miss you
i've been singing god is fair, sexy nasty since this morning bro... like nonstop
i'm deadasss singing that right now as i type this tweet fam
try and be compassionate. ask yourself how you would feel if your child was shot in the back while they had their hands up.
my child wouldn't be out robbing a liquor store with a stolen gun, stealing a car, or selling drugs. blacks kids need parenting!
really want to go to oktoberfest
go with me?
guy in a literal fedora on a date next to me just said the words "i was born to be a writer"
he just said "and then i wrote a book about ______" six times in 45 seconds this is not a drill
when hillary and the children's defense fund investigated education in 1973, iowa was a state they visited:
hes hillary done a report on either iraqi kids or those in yemen?
hiding away in the rain.
that looks hella good. homemade curry?
please pass that advice on to hillary.
honestly, hope everyone sees the fun in this. doesn't need to be so vitriolic
oh fuck! my apologies i wasn't informed that you were the president of inner city culture and wshh
not that hard to understand.
holy shit this.
accurate right? i don't know why
ahhh catfish and the bottlemen tomorrow im so excited
best band ever!
3 jobs replacing one good job = 2 created jobs. 62 yo'ds forced to take ssecur. it's what hillary &amp; you don't get. trump does
and it's obvious from your profile you're a sock puppet/troll, not some 62 year old woman. gop needs 2 hire better trolls
lol, caught red-handed
i like the premise. legit way to approach the problem
these f'n planet fitness type bitch asses rlly piss me off w/ their "quiet down" bullshit.learn how 2 f'n lift then i'll quiet the fuck down
tell em why you mad dean !!!!
it's gonna be hard to get used to not sliding to unlock my phone. like why was that necessary??
lol you're pissed
where is this. cc
i miss high west too.
failure to heed the advice of the scientific community "signals the beginning of the end of an informed democracy."
scientists, even the most eminent, do make errors. dr. hawking included. this prediction has been one of them
"crazy bitch says he 'don't snark so good' &amp; then looks at me like i'm crazy 'cause i was shocked speec...
oh you know what, this god damn new twitter feature is a real fucking dream! force ios users to open in browser.
he just said "and then i wrote a book about ______" six times in 45 seconds this is not a drill
i 100% cannot believe this is real
a sugar daddy might work
those don't come around often.
i guess when you get kicked off twitter this is the kind of hat you have to wear to get attention
but clowns are disruptors, man. get with it.
i always thought it was sabarro not sbarro
they changed it
haha clowns freak me out! i can't watch anything with them in
then definitely don't watch either fear of clowns movie
what dog joke ? he said acting like their dog dog. he didn't say smelling like dog which i assume u thought
thanks for proving my point
did anyone challenge her to do so?
not kevin rudd who was moderating. they did not open the floor to questions.
i remember the same thing happening when inbox came out. they really should ha e figured this out by now.
but it seems that rather than working with legal on how to handle this, they're just not going to let apps users use things ever
i 100% cannot believe this is real
we are officially living in a simulation like no way is this real life
chico i see? by halloween for sure.
yessss and on halloween
in line for artificial intelligence assistant to schedule my meetings. join the evolution:
dat growth hacking tho
new: statement on trump admission that he only said potus was born in us so we'd stop discussing it...
1) worked in some ways w/ dt's execution of "press release" being genius. 2) look # '07 clinton camp. 3) who cares?
yeah it was i realized a day late, but thank you i love u too thank you for being a part of my journey
i just realized today was the 21, i barely know what day of the week it is. but thank you for allowing me to be a part of it .
iggy somewhere laughing at this
somewhere in a box
. yes! the desserts at jean philippe are fabulous!
. vegas does have great desserts! the desserts &amp; dessert cart at joel robuchon was the best i'...
my favorite part will be nov 8th when your shitass "candidate" is handed the most embarrassing political loss in hi...
i pray its a landslide
darn your right, well then that means lilly will be outta the cast until further notice :p
we need a replacement quick get someone else to fill her role for the time being!
ur purse. do i have a right to shoot you.
what if i have a gun? what if i turn to shoot you. you have to think about your safety and the of the others.
if u tip the pizza man and he doesn't see u put the money in the jar, does it even really count
a tip is just paying for ppl to like u so no
"oh my god, jason aldean tomorrow can't wait to get hammed" oh wait he sucks in concert and i wouldn't waste my money on him!
yea i'm not sure... and i didn't see him last year... but seriously.. wouldn't know
ok i'm up for it if you are jacko.. karey you can plan it &amp; send us a list of instructions on the day!!
tennis dates!! can it get any better? haha!
some other little joints here as well:
official myg that if i rule the world remix good work!
"crazy bitch says he 'don't snark so good' &amp; then looks at me like i'm crazy 'cause i was shocked speec...
anyway, as i was saying...
question - 18 what is the difference between old world &amp; new world ?
imho new world is bigger bolder. old world is more restrained.
throw some super glue on it.
and some windex
interesting. i watch very little espn, so its hard to have a frame of reference.
i'm in the same boat as you. i very rarely watch espn, outside of live sports. i'd certainly be interested...
i know i feel exhausted by the constant murders &amp; injustice.it's tiring when white ppl refuse to acknowledge whats happening.
i'm exhausted by the constant rioting and civil unrest! how does looting a walmart advance the cause? it doesn't.
just like that, there's a new episode of 's broadway stories podcast!
great podcast. thanks
everyone's back is turned
hahah didn't even notice till you pointed it out
i'm thinking "monkey shit brown"? if you got a better suggestion, donate more than $20.
someone just donated more than i did. i really wanted to see them with a head full of "monkey shit brown"
i used it for about a year? can't say if it works, but for me the placebo effect/routine did help me fall asleep.
oh it's definitely not a placebo.
this is at the palace of fine arts?
yep! goes on tomorrow as well.
i went through this before. the apartment broke my lease and forced me out to turn it into fl condos for white people.
common place here in sf &amp; oakland
i just wanna get tatted up with my gf &amp; eat fruit loops
for all your tattoos &amp; piercings
sometimes reboots just make sense. is pretty good. same time, same place, next week?
you should only be tweeting about one show and that's not it
you don't think it's prudent to wait for the investigations to be concluded before politicizing this?
why would she? in her experience, investigations don't change a thing. together with her media, she "knows all".
i didn' t say he wasn't cute. i threw out a plausible answer to your question.
isn't that kinda a prerequisite for you liking a dog?
ted selker remembers marvin minsky. watch this video as ted provides his respectful remarks:
check out my review of john patrick's new book on internet voting. ted selker consulted!
twitter is so cute
happy birthday booooo
you are young and stupid and uninformed. he owns 515 companies and the 4 bankruptcies were chapter 11.
get back to me on nov 8th u dumbass. until then sit at home stare at a wall and pee into ur diaper. u pos "marine"
there's something about babies with little baby glasses that just make me
yes yes especially the ones that are like plastic and have the tie in the back
fun fact, all this injustice was caused by liberals in the 60s and won't get better if liberals keep involving themselves.
fun fact, nothing about her original tweet was incorrect despite your attempt to poke holes in it.
you think his subjective aim/intention was to reveal this to russia and china, and the public leak was just a way of doing that?
no but his effect was to help ru and cn w public leak. which is worse than just revealing to them.
amen! hope she won't be in a recliner..want her to debate standing up and holding on to the pedestal!
lmaooo...this should be something....
today = the worst
this is true
why i'm leaving new york
regular joan didion over here
legendary occult book dealer todd pratum talks to about the magic of magic books.
a+, erik. re: curiosity/children, i see it everyday with our son. he obsessively inspects objects, switches, hinges &amp; so on.
for as usable as is, and it's so great, their apps are just so damn broken and poor it is unbelievable.
yep. they clearly want you to use the web-and even there, visuals aren't great if you don't have perfect vision.
what he came up with was gold ..
mac miller's last three projects severely slept on smh
lol why not
think it's too much drama to catch a guys attention
i fucks with you
i fucks with you too
ok so you decided to go to moe's w your man one day right and he orders a homerecker and the homerecking ass cashier gives him a discount
and his friend goes after and she charges him extra .... like wyd
what else is annoying is that so many people complain about both hillary and trump but nobody ever talks about the third party candidates???
its all a game. they dont want the people to make their ow decisions
request c1-1-1306567147, the sidewalk is not usable, the pedestrian path is dangerous on 34th &amp; no...
whoever inspected site today &amp; decided this "meets its standards" needs to be let go. looping in the boss
i'm in the same boat as you. i very rarely watch espn, outside of live sports. i'd certainly be interested...
... in learning how much time espn spent this summer promoting the world cup. you'd think they'd have put some effort...
lmfaooooooo!! guess he was curious.. couldn't calm himself
ha it was worth a shot i guess
i saw that mine is feb 12th and same attitude
&amp; join at 9pm est going to bother?
agile means changing requirements on the fly and never writing them down.
the hell it does. i'd boil our scrummaster in pitch for that.
wassup with the halloween party man??
is you coming ?
| congrats . tweet or quote using + eddy kenzo + to vote.
thanks for giving a chance
it's true, tv news might be worse than anything to come out of the internet
vastly worse than the internet, with the possible exception of comment sections.
true,that domino might have been some1's hope though,last hope some religions belief in life aftr death is real as 2day's dinner
so glad you explained your side (and many others') side of this story that i was so unaware of! i can't believe the +
i am back in van, but it was great meeting you as well!
next time you're down here let me know, and i'll make sure you know if i'm ever up your way! :)
naw it just wasn't that hard for you to reach for racism
you defend racism one way then cry when it's the other way. that's a problem. i'd tear charlamagne up in a debate.
... in learning how much time espn spent this summer promoting the world cup. you'd think they'd have put some effort...
... into promoting the tournament since they have the broadcast rights.
has a plan for safety &amp; security! on the golf course.
- when trump loses will you move as no one wants you in america
there are 58 per day. how does plan to reduce/eliminate this deadly problem?...
's the biggest lie you've told!?
when you run into the homie and he signs your football at vanity fairs party while chatting style
lol yo did you tell mike i said what's good
had so much fun doing this one ;) check it out
thanks for a great podcast so sorry i was not there in person
6 years ago today i was writing a app for my talk in a flat in amsterdam w/, ,...
with such snazzy socks too!
no, i don't think he cares about me, just as hillary doesn't. he is aware of the prob, though, and hillary isn't.
the only thing cheetonazi is aware of is his own ego &amp; his daughter's tits. all he wants is tax breaks for the wealthy.
that's quite a sight! spectacular.
seriously!!
i feel like i'm gonna throw up...
he's out to win the conman-of-the-year award.
u were so close
yeah whatever it's the first and last time i listen to that song
focus on the important stuff brotha
mos def. always, we'll get in touch soon forsure though
true,that domino might have been some1's hope though,last hope some religions belief in life aftr death is real as 2day's dinner
"prs team" kept on helping to get $$$. so disgusting and horrible
someone dying a brutal death by crucifixion doesnt wipe my slate clean i am responsible for my actions and dont stalk me dude whoever u are
that is scary, dumbass.. stay safe
ew - fine, you win. even shirtless drunks really don't wanna hang out jersey lol
wow zingggg.. not sure if you've ever hear of guidos.. but drunk idiots with their shirts off are all over nj
the anatomy of a white, working-class trump voter
i can't believe the racism at cnn and how motivated they are dividing america? what is it they actually looking for?
you should not be a cop if you cannot handle a routine traffic stop without firing your weapon. your reaction created the problem.
it wasn't even "a traffic stop". the murdered man's car had malfunctioned.
new megalovania piss remix?
i could watch this a 4th time why not,..
q9 what are some of the keys to a successful ?
"everyone has been made for some particular work and the desire for that work has been put in every heart." ~rumi
not likely. sony likes to announce important stuff later in the year, when they can have all the attention for themselves. -
ah got it. shoot!
we sincerely apologize for the inconvenience and do appreciate your patience. (2/2)
thanks for the swift response!
it's actually that i don't believe in zodiac personality analysis and because of that is why im fascinated in listening to you talk about it
sorry to have misled you when you ask me a reciprocal question
trump reminds me of the character bruce willis plays in die hard. brave, heroic, rough around the edges with heart of gold, no bs guy.
. trump reminds me of the character bruce willis plays in planet terror. a horrid, inhuman, dick fallin...
it's like parallel parking free parallel parking spots. there's nothing in the entire dfw area that size. :o
seems like, good old san francisco ;-)
donald trump embodies the spirit of america.
mike pence....doing dick cheney.....evil and frightening
this kills me
glad i could be of service
tweet us your questions right now using to be answered by on giants first &amp; 10!
will eli target obj more because he hasn't scored yet in 2 games?
but there is the insinuation if you have an intellectual disability too you aren't
oh, i clocked that. and there's a complex conversation to be had there about disabilities and hierarchies and personhood
at a cafe. it really hit the spot.
it looks like it indeed. perfect for a rainy day too. do want.
i might get my nose pierced.
for the best piercing services in nyc.
see you in 30 minutes! learn about potty training with and ! rsvp here:
is it working? &amp; join
when isis commit atrocities they proudly say they do so in the name of their religion.
hey guy, you've got the wrong lady here!
hey i also understand why it isn't a good thing.
hehe... i just got done w a minor rant about how much i hate switch/case &amp; voila, saw your post and larfed
6 years ago today i was writing a app for my talk in a flat in amsterdam w/, ,...
wtf that was 6 years ago
i had condado tacos &amp; margs two nights in a row &amp; i'm not mad about it \_()_/
i am so jealous of the life that you are living
girl i bet your ass planning to cop those
woah woah you're taking it too far now
prove what point. im stating an obvious offensive thing ppl say. you said dog white jokes. he be a said that.
to be honest idc...i care about the double standards. sick of them. if a white guy gets fired for similar so should he.
not sure why shoop and the bulldog still have john clayton in regularly. he's out of touch with the bills. always says something wrong.
id say he's spot on then lol
yay!!!!! this is wonderful news
thank you so much!!
oh wow this depth effect is crazy
seems to be kind of incredible from the handful of examples i've seen posted.
they said if they went to uni that ash would be studying communications, m would be in writing and c/l would be in nutrition
i could totally see mikey as a writer i mean look at the lyrics of the songs he writes
a convenient feature of twitter for iphone is it shows an account's most recent tweets directly on the profile page
they *really* want you to use direct messages
this makes me hate our race
but you "wearing crocs in your jeep" like you say in your bio makes our race look so much better
a reminder than i'm collecting mailbag material. there's an issue or two to discuss. send via twitter or my email (jsullivan.com)
how long was the flight to rio? was there ever a moment where you didn't feel completely safe?
put this on my tombstone
it really is a masterful response. go marion!
so sad i don't have cable, i can't watch american horror story tonight
omg come over than. i didn't realize you don't have cable.
joe, my gf is right - i hate sweet things. like, i'd take mono over dessert. that's why this is such a punishment lol
yes butttttt lairds is gross and will get you hammered.. shitty 4% alcohol won't do anything
also, maybe analyse that when you see a black person has been killed by cops, you presume them to be a 'thug'.
i analyze everything. it's my job. many of the blacks who were shot had long rap sheets, had done time, and were repeat offenders.
she's wearing the picnic dress
i'm guessing she told paul she's taking james and as payback he convinced her to wear that
yes we all have our opinions if lying is a good value i guess you are correct
with all due respect, lying is not considered a value.
im black and would act just as emotional if my dog died . he never said anything about whit ppl and dogs br
clearly implied whites are obsessed w/ dogs.
lol. would you dare ask hillary same question. belly laugh!
after forty years, i'm sure she sleeps well.
flying 12 hours around the world to find out i'm given only 20 mins to speak at a conference while doctors each given 40 mins. ouch.
. oof. make them count!
see you in 30 minutes! learn about potty training with and ! rsvp here:
hi all! so glad to be joining tonight.bringing a new friend. she needs to learn this
wow. that's a lot of me...
and all just a slice of snark heaven.
we're still going strong with this unbeatable drink list on our outdoor pat...
. bring back chips! bring back chips!
i forgot i had a cream packet in my pocket, i sat down, it burst, and now there is cream running down my leg
may i lick your leg my lady (lol jk don't jesus christ why xd)
who needs a footstool to get into an suv?
my mother uses a footstool.....did you kill your mother ?
"everything's racist". a great line of debate.
i dont debate those i teach. however, i'll provide a lesson plan for you: via
ppl say these things like there are 6'5" corners
agreed 5'11" is average if not slightly above average for a corner
2 months til im 15
wtf your 14
don't cheap out get japanese for the little guy
. i think the large blades are just too unwieldy. maybe just a paring knife.
haha i would hope so, i'm in penfield on tuesdays lets hoop one of these days
bet bro! we can hoop this weekend if you want
i second this john, we popplio fans need to stick together!!!!!!!
yeah, all 10 of u
there's just no way ubaldo isn't giving up a run this inning
does the bp giving up an inherited run count? : \
i know if i'm out in alameda anytime soon i'll hit you up
yay! where do you stay at now?
at a cafe. it really hit the spot.
speaking of - gonna be in town early october, crossing over with some. perhaps we should all grab some curry=d
clearly any mysql derivative: make mysql great again.
too free. given recent delusional rhetoric i can't see trump as anything but oracle rac, set up by consultants.
i'm doing ok how about yourself
just here looking at you
in the find of the century, i found someone selling the official paranoia agent set for sixty five goddamn dollars
i never would've thought i'd see this in the wild...especially for less than $200
this means my iphone's passcode, right? cause it's not working and i cannot activate icloud on my mac.
oh my god. after turning off two factor authentication, apple re-enabled two step authentication and now i can't use things i want...
sometimes i remember that there are people out there who keep all their apps running in the background all the time and it makes me anxious.
read this and immediately closed all background apps
we also have around 150 levels so far, so changing a physics constant from 1.3 to 1.8 is pretty scary
omg you're hardcore i had to do that-- we had some functions that scaled vertical platform height gaps in with jump height
i'm so sorry, take it up with the gays
i am a gay
mylan's chief is chastised by lawmakers questioning epipen pricing
in the clip i saw, i thought she said they were "only making $250 per pen."
keep getting this message tonight after at least 30 secs of loading for my dvr. this happens too often...
it's error ise 800. hopefully you'll know what this one means.
will u b joining us?
justin!!! i need to learn how to use the potty!
i will be interviewed from cleveland, ohio, on - tonight at 10:00 p.m. enjoy!
premieres at the same. makes a better president. i'll watch that instead
that's just called recursion
yes. but it was hilarious to ovehear
well this the new underwear from . i love them an that's all that matters.
yas fuck it up!
moral: life is fucking nuts &amp; if you aren't crying all the time you're a moron
i get so emotional about nature docs it's not funny, there's a radio show on it
curtis granderson went in hard to the side wall on a seventh-inning catch, but does not require a trainer visit.
if that was cespedes he would've made a big production about coming out of the game
could it be anything to do with the fact that you're a robotic, soulless, corrupt, warmongering sociopath?
wait...isn't that trump?
. i love l'atelier de joel robucon my avatar is a dessert i fell in love with.
l'atelier was incredible! sadly the big boy, the 3 star joint, gave me food poisoning :(
that joke felt very "i'm in a wheelchair, not *insert ableist slur against developmental disability*" which...meh no
i saw that too. but there's also a long long history of nonspeaking people with cp being wrongly assumed to be id
"you would think there is almost, like, something wrong." -donald trump on mitt romney failing to release his tax r...
maybe he knows that your hacks in the media will hang him for a mistake as little as a dime?
thought seeing lawn signs before she lost was annoying. worse now, especially the ones placed illegally in rights of way
. upsetting that a candidate who ran to better neighborhoods is letting her failed campaign materials turn into street trash
he's just going to sit here and argue.
i proved my point with the source i posted. nice try conman.
another fluffy keychain?
hahah no!!! tickets for the sharks game
will be interesting too will libs be fully healthy or without stokes and prince..
you like that word interesting
actually i'm responsible
no, *i'm* spartacus
lol love it, why the little mermaid? and iron man?
i obviously don't know you in real life. ariel because you wear any color in your hair and probably talk to your animals
that's just called recursion
yes, but it was hilarious to over hear at work. :)
welcome to the macaroni kid ! tonight we're talking about potty training! thank you for being here tonight!
i am so excited! let's learn how to do it!
you know what channel to turn to sis and i'm out the shower
bitch my living room tv not working lol i'm watching svu
my dog was diagnosed with cancer my heart hurts so much
reading this srsly made me cry i'm so sorry taylor. keeping your dog in my prayers
senior citizens of twitter (4yrs+)
for all the mis...
he's just going to sit here and argue.
right, because emad's word has to be true. lol
thanks a lot dude. lets make some records!
just shot you a dm bro!
we're excited to be giving out some great prizes from our sponsor !
exciting! diapers for us!! woot~!
ok right but the issue is happening more frequently with black men than with any other demographic
dude in 2015 cops shot and killed twice as many white people vs any other race
there's no oppression behind it so it really hold no power. but when u reach for it. you look pathetic as hell
so oppressed the nfl is 70% black nba 80% is that racist?
gary sanchez hit his first career home run on aug. 10. he now has 19. it's sept. 21. this is absolutely, positively insane.
we know jared. no need to keep posting every time he hits another one.
candidate? how is he not the winner at this point
who knows maybe sample size or something i am completely on board
i appreciate my government teacher/mentor so much
mr.jones is such a great human being. he's one of the few teachers that actually cares about his students.
story runs on a18 today, btw
so many more important newsworthy items. jeez
clinton plowed 68% of her campaign money into ads last month (and lost significant ground in the polls).
she's not doing events, press conferences or debates. she wants to get to 11/7 as
they fixed the batery issue?
what battery issue?
we also have around 150 levels so far, so changing a physics constant from 1.3 to 1.8 is pretty scary
it worked, but it was not quite perfect for whatever reason so it was super dangerous. we made a small change successfully tho
maybe he knows that your hacks in the media will hang him for a mistake as little as a dime?
in the meantime you are getting away with the crime of the century.
odell beckham jr. says his biggest concern in is getting the win. story:
that's because josh nroman is not much of a concern to begin with.
ex-met anthony recker with a two-run homer vs. bartolo colon. 3, 2, top 7
i take go to take a piss and this happens smh
don't be a jerk. you know nothing, least of all the truth.
the truth is out there.
i'm prepared for the bitch slap my mom is gonna give me when she sees my new piercing
lol.. twice the pain...
hey. at 25 broadway. you should feel free to pop by tomorrow thursday! :-)
i'm out tomorrow morning ;( you heard of ? it's us
i obviously don't know you in real life. ariel because you wear any color in your hair and probably talk to your animals
iron man because it takes an iron will to get through the day with only so many iron spoons
i told you all. you thought i was trolling. i wasn't. join us , ...
you truly are the god damn worst.
it was so fun! really cool to walk around carrying a satellite too :)
ps here you go. miss you! stay fed!
amazing: trump campaign is requiring supporters to provide government-issued id and a signed nda to volunteer. this...
"welcome to the cheetonazi trumpenfuhrer 4th reich show your papers, u vill swear allegiance, ja &amp; you vill not talk ever, nein!"
this means my iphone's passcode, right? cause it's not working and i cannot activate icloud on my mac.
i give up. i give up apple. nsa come get my data. why even try any more.
"you're." and you have no idea what i'm about. you don't follow me. you just picked up on a concern troll's clickbait thread
i don't need to follow you to tweet you. you're not a comedian. don't back away on a tweet and say its a joke
we're about to start! invite your friends to join us in our starting at 9pm est.
a convo on poop! yippeee!
shiiiiit my batery drains from 90 to 30% in a minute ... oh goooosh ...
oh this one!!
jean please periscope or post pics of b &amp; g on ig or twitter please
i am not there - unfortunately wrong coast :(
al giordano prefers night train over thunderbird.
hobo al is first class all the way.
hey new niggas, ya boy famous dex broke into tish hyman's apartment, trashed it, and beat up a girl. surprise.
fuck her up
so he goes straight to hot line?
that sort of trajectory is what his little sister is all about.
absolutely these corrupt boys are guilty &gt;&gt;&gt; of felony conspiracy in hrc's crimes
ty brother.
nah don't try it, you both in the doghouse
hard to have people in your doghouse when you're in the doghouse yourself
a retweet storm?
didn't string it all together correctly. so i had to order it.
it worked, but it was not quite perfect for whatever reason so it was super dangerous. we made a small change successfully tho
i think we did it because we wanted to show more platforms on screen or something
a+, erik. re: curiosity/children, i see it everyday with our son. he obsessively inspects objects, switches, hinges &amp; so on.
he will move a door back/forth over &amp; over. faster/slower. every angle examined. picks hinges, twists knob, touches every screw.
doesn't make what kessel &amp; ryan tweeted right. they will lose the respect of a lot of players in the league.
could it be argued that the public mocking of the program, added to the team's showing, could cause usa hockey...
errrummmyeahhh that's my hometown. it's a shock i left, right?
i can't stop watching this
i saw that too. but there's also a long long history of nonspeaking people with cp being wrongly assumed to be id
it's problematic, but in a realistic way that i hope the show will delve into later down the line
that is super weird.
with so many upgrades twitter keeps coming up with. they still to this day haven't figured a solution to this unfollow bug.
just turned 6 &amp; did this all himself! i can't wait until he's old enough to see the movie!
that ship is awesome. let us know if he'd like a play-well lego bow tie we give them to lego fans
no i mean like all of us. hold an open forum. ask them why they aren't voting for btw.
i should. meet me in the pit y'all
it's so hot here. texas, why are you like this???
i'm so jealous - i love that austin heat
after forty years, i'm sure she sleeps well.
and since you really are deplorable. you are blocked.
at least people know not to read the comments!
our generation does, evidence suggests there are plenty who read comments with cnn/fox on in the background...
it's a couple telling a their story and then they show it happen
better than the others?
we provided links to claim refunds, forms, a forum, not one state in the usa would pick it up, not one province in canada nada
the only thing i cannot wrap my head around is how they never did anything to help you guys!
i am not permitted to bet on mountaineer races because i'm an "operating official."
of course they can do it on there phone with an adw..who's going to know no one!
it would be a way better story if he hit it into angel stadium.
or if he hit it during a game. afterthought: with men on base.
congratulations you two wonderful people muwaaaah!!!
thank you miru ;u;
see my post from insta-hope it gives you some insight. try not to be hardened- world needs more love...
the truth is that black people can't get along with anyone anywhere in the world. whatever they touch turns to chaos and decays.
she's wearing a helmet for a reason bro.
obviously to not damage her head against the headboard
friend of mine died today on duty driving a water tender to a brush fire. times like that remind me how dangerous t...
sorry for your lost
mac williamson hit a ball out of dodger stadium during bp.
he's getting the golden sombrero tonight for sure.
raising awareness abt disability &amp; accessibility issues affects evry1 across all color race religious &amp; financial lines
hillary clinton is a proven careless, reckless, liar. the future of this country depends on this election....
you are such low lives
more difficult if it's your manager
only the first time. then it gets easy.
so true! hope all is well amir. keep up the great work.
thanks bro it's been too long - going to q1 again?
i am fairly new to twitter &amp; i am appalled at the total lack of common decency i have seen on here truly disgusting
i warn people coming on that it is rough in here. i have to say verbal violence has increased significantly.
obviously skipped school a lot to not know what a skittles metaphor is what a douche! join...
the perfect analogy!
yes cause its been a long time since mine, need a refresher for the grands.
come on! what's better than a 60 min convo on poop?
would you like to try our new platform so you can segment and send messages to users and see engagement?
i sent that from the wrong account - it was from me - we met at a slack party a few months back :)
lol. adroid for lyfe. because i control my devices. ;)
wait, are you using a browser on android, or the twitter app? and that tw with the /i/web/ url displays gif inline?
it's problematic, but in a realistic way that i hope the show will delve into later down the line
there's a lot of ground to be covered in the way ableism creates hierarchies among disabled people
could it be argued that the public mocking of the program, added to the team's showing, could cause usa hockey...
... to re-examine its philosophies?
ok so im at the pizza place waiting for my food and this guy comes up to me and goes your the meatfarms girl right? lovebeing known as that
remember that guys a mcdonald's that was like "i know you guys from somewhere. meat farms you guys are from meat farms"
new --&gt; the gang is getting back together: the cast of the west wing will campaign for in stops acr...
amazing!!! ...
it's not like he's quietly sitting during a song like a monster.
white men being personally offended &gt;&gt;&gt; women being actually physically tortured and brutalized
thank you for your proposal submissions! the deadline has now passed. volunteer to help us review them!...
do my co-presenter need to do 3 reviews as well? or just 3 for us total.
donald trump says "places like afghanistan are safer" than some u.s. inner cities.
let's send him there without the secret service and see what happens to him.
*shakes the head slowly* lily ... we need to talk
brother it's cream!!!!
another tattoo and a lip piercing
for all your tattoos and piercings
if rather stab myself in the eyes than even have to see ben in the flesh
lmao she funny
they distributed metro cards in my history class and the faces of the out of state kids were
says the person who didn't know how to get a single ride pass the day of the pvris show
is happening now east coast!
it was great!! you were awesome micah!!!!!
u think u have friends&amp;loved ones til you learn there's been a whale-shaped butter dish on modcloth for months and no 1 got it for u.
this is a thing??
first gator!!
purses shoulder bags anyone
just wait until passes out in front of 330 million voters.
she could have a heart attack, stroke, &amp; bleed from the ass &amp; still kick cheetonazi's dumb ass.
is the thurs night football countdown really necessary? lol.
boycott that shit
then said he'd refund, did nothing and then started it all up again... still doing it now!
even tho i'm not gonna lie that i found it fishy every time i'll see his fb or tw and see the same thing of resch and stuff
go find hard evidence to the contrary or you're just spouting someone else's talking points.
ethical decisions work towards everyone's best interests. when in doubt, don't. hrc doesn't think like this.
it's a close one... be sure to chime in, !
both are great tees but the mafia one is the best. i need you guys to bring back a circle the wagons one!!
glad you enjoyed it. our people there had quite a time.
thank you! everything was nicely summarized and loved the ability to click into each product.
face it, sometimes you just lose to a better team :p
and of course, my first round draft pick was adrian peterson!
ah. if it makes you feel any better, this actually is really hard.
yeah it really is it's only gonna get worse when my insurance runs out next year lmao
it's pretty easy if you don't like it, unfollow
not talking to you.
yes thank you so much
did they welcome us yet? being new &amp; all
i completely understand and support this but 1990's me is a little sad.
but now i can't upset people by saying "battledotnet"...
lmao at this point if you voting for a third party you might as well just literally fart in a bucket instead, same effect
bruh "radicals" out here like: "let's build a unified left under trumps fascism, let clinton lose!"
it was totally our pleasure. stephanie! did you get a chance to take one of our bikes out for a spin around santa barbara?
we didn't in the end as we had such a short stay but what a great idea!
yes that's true and it was
really glad you enjoyed it and partyone :)
omfg that's the worst feeling
ended in angst?! why?!
running a finsta for was the best thing me and jess have ever decided to do
yeah it is
i got the editor in with no toolbar, but it looks a bit "bland" i think i am mssing something
oh, :| did you check out the examples? by default it doesn't enable a toolbar (yet).
why wouldn't blizzard just change to battlenet and preserve the brand? not like anyone says the "dot" anyway.
or just, you know, anything less dull and cliche
i went fishing!
herman yu iz kwite da afleet
so nobody talked nicole out of this outfit huh? that's a shame.
where are you watching this stream?
oh yeah spotify over here being really awesome thanks so much
woah. awesome!
bartolo colon will depart after a two-out single by dansby swanson. colon departs in line for win no. 15. 3, 2, top 7
i cant wait for this game to be over with, and then we never have to face this team again until 2017
why did we ever make computers
argh it has a byte order marker. i should have realized that &gt;.&lt;
great new polls! thank you nevada, north carolina &amp; ohio. join the movement today &amp; lets !...
always the entertainer
love 's facial expressions.
me too!!! great expressions!!
lmao at this point if you voting for a third party you might as well just literally fart in a bucket instead, same effect
we really have no choice
lol look at you tweeting!
i only tweet during shows
get ready i'll be in the office tomorrow pm, roll out the red carpet
right in time for the k8s meetup
stop it, gary.
no thank you. i would like another 10 please.
shouts to for playing in his most recent set - check out the whole show, it's wicked...
yo that shit so fire
ps4 4v4 1nd snd @ 11 est free entry prize: s/o psn signup
wanna v. me in this homie lol hopefully we face eachother
how to i apply to be on this show
good question! it's a semi lengthy process because it's a classy show but i'll send you an application
we will finally have a president with high expectations for himself and the country. america will be the greatest c...
hatred of blacks,,latinos and muslims is not thinking big
hey editors, check out this scene from 's supporting characters - does it feel familiar?
thanks for posting man, that kind of stuff means a lot. also, if u haven't seen albert brooks' modern romance, please do.
dude in 2015 cops shot and killed twice as many white people vs any other race
and you and i don't shoot and kill cops for that or burn down cities...it's crazy to me that people could do that its childish
that's rough.
i know. i've been losing a marginal amount of people that i've been following or followed me back.
then look for it instead of parroting dt.
ok marj, i am officially not voting trump.
yesterday boosted 1 (my first boosted board) was taken from me and i'm never getting it back
since it's the li-ion batts that seem cause trepidation , why couldn't you just remove the pack and keep the board?
i'm selling front row seats to the if you're interested.
how much?! what city?!
my world doesn't revolve around her wasn't even about her
just get out of here before i embarrass you b
that's a myth - immigrant names were changed just about everywhere except ellis island:
thanks for sharing this link - but you're kind of missing my overall point (and the second half of that one one tweet).
gary sanchez is the fastest to 18 hr in the modern era of baseball. (via )
you mean 19
moral of the story: everybody wants head yes even from their grandma good day
i only voted to see the results tbh
all winning tweets are selected using as per the official rules.
is everyone here? come on!!!
my twitter feed has been so heavy for days. i need to talk about something vapid and meaningless or else.
who is your pokmon go buddy
sup man come play dominion
i'm making stupid lattes, but if you are still dominioning when i'm out i'll be there!
yay! love u fam. thanks for the support
imma pimp that shit at carnegie hall!
i've taken to begging the girl who originally said i could move in who wavered to please let me lock it down because this is the worst
stress crying and trying not to lose my mind
that describe me...
i recognise piccard &amp; mr bean who'd the 3rd? for me i picked daria,mrs brisby from secret of nimh, &amp; meg from hercules
i believe it's called thursday, you're a little early that's all.
i could never get the hang of thursdays.
i will be interviewed from cleveland, ohio, on - tonight at 10:00 p.m. enjoy!
release your tax returns.
i need mine to be as depressing as possible
i want mine to be depressing and funny with a hint of hope
my uglydoll took a buzzfeed quiz and found out he is a millennial
this could be the stupidest joke i've ever made but i'm feeling alive.
absolutely. it's my main advocacy.
i blew whistle on frats @ my college in 1980s. worked w/peggy sanday
the best snap i've gotten all day
i'm both honored and embarrassed
see this is why my plan to improve driving by forcing everyone to bike for 2 weeks a year works
it really does. so many minds would change if we put more people on bikes.
this is why i love john jay music
i took the same picture this morning ong
who is this
new phone who dis? i made best lady pals with all of y'all &amp; also who i text at least 467,875 times daily.
glad you think so. :) i was a little worried my moves weren't cool enough. ha!
you had it down. so fun!
that's because you have a giant, soft heart, jill.
there's that, but also because communication is so challenging he already feels like he has no control :(
i can't i'm jacked up off mountain dew!
great reference lol
i guess in a country where a liar like can run for pres,you can say anything here and never get in trouble
well, true that!!!
leave it to a green beret &amp; marine to get it done! so thrilled got to let the new 30 bark!
hes a beauty, congrats guys
i had like 2,200 hours in skyrim and none of the data transferred onto my xbone s. so when i buy the remaster, it'll be hell
that is actual hell, that's the kinda shit that actually makes you feel like life is a joke played on you
temer (and i think lula) are here in ny so these lunatics follow me everywhere.
lula in nyc? why?
yes! the main problem i've seen is coders thinking since they're smart &amp; mastered cs concepts, finance should be easy as well.
don't forget nutrition which for some reason they "optimized" into a slurry aptly named after ground up people.
my knowledge about that is plentiful
very annoying species
": i love those beautiful gals." d + s = two amazing women!
sexist idiot.
. claims odds have shifted; puts chances of holding senate at "better then fifty-fifty." ...
you mean nominating an untested, poorly received candidate &amp; doing so underhandedly is hurting?
personal motorised vehicles are not allowed on board as hand luggage or checkin baggage. lithium batteries can explode in hold
remove or discard the battery pack. cheaper to replace than whole board , no?
omg, coworkers have destroyed my diet! i'm surrounded! halp!!!
that actually looks super delicious
how did u get this #
can i have yo numba. the back o yo head is ridiculous.
that explains not having a large savings, but literally living paycheck to paycheck at that level of income? bad choices.
bad choices such as "being a millennial" or "going to college like everyone told you"?
if you had the 1st overall pick for your fantasy hockey draft (i do... sigh), who would you pick? kane? ovi? crosby? benn? mcdavid?
kane always seems to be racking up the points. crosby and ovi always start slow!
there'd still be sandstorm without jane. mayfair was dirty, and created this mess for herself. period.
mayfair wasn't perfect but she worked hard to make up for it. jane...not so much.
orange crush - glossy edition pair w/pro buttons for the ultimate competitive experience!
i forgot that i was sponsored by you guys &amp; didn't use my discount code but can't wait to get my controller!
it's so touching how to see how big of an impact my cousin had in hawaii can't stop playing his music today.. .
how to see how?
presentation inspired me to find/create a kafka connector for jee. that must exist, right?
that could be tons of fun!
hahaa this is so cute!
awe thanks !!
lucky he followed you
which one haha
is currently experiencing departure delays between 16 mins and 30 mins due to wx:wind
departure delays are no longer in effect for
so we got some rats in the class of 2018
is that our class?
i like that just want something a lil diff, more original
dont blame ya. parcel on the linemens shoulders ? helmet catch? eli holding the lombardi trophy?
sounds like the beginning of the end. i wonder what the next social media we use will be?
most likely &amp; or .
everything's going down a 5 minute walk away from our apartment. they've just announced it's an unlawful assembly. action imminent.
hope y'all remain safe
methinks the tuck box
high five i think youre right!
i know you don't kid. you're out of your element. it's ok. i'm sure there's something loud and gregarious on tv. run along
yep, my lack of understanding comes from me being an idiot and totally not you poorly articulating your point.
noooo you gotta find it
i think someone picked it up when i let it outside
this is so bad it needs to be cancelled mid-premiere.
seriously, it was that bad?
we have one similar. so far i'm just at sloan and robin scherbatsky. tbd on
it's so hard!
hi &amp; welcome to chat! so excited to be back tonight! it's elisa again, hosting tonight. i have missed you all!
sweet.i have 2 new ppl. what's the rsvp link?!
just kidding, it's being shown during commercials of survivor.
why i otta! !
through 2 games olivier vernon has 3 tackles and 0 sacks. miss you bruh!
lmao he played two top 5 lt in the nfl. tyron smith &amp; terron armstead.
bruh i bumped wmwtso everyday in summer school lmao
i bumped go:od am from track one to last on my commute to school every morning for a week lmao
i know you don't kid. you're out of your element. it's ok. i'm sure there's something loud and gregarious on tv. run along
and yes i think i'll watch re-runs of the apprentice.
it's that and schweppes for me. everything else is a big step down.
schweppes, then canada dry and vintage for me. i rate adirondack with polar as one tier lower. all subjective of course
cespedes has been quiet at the plate... as he goes team seems to go. think the quad is affecting him again?
definitely appears like it
i think that your spiritual self knows better than that. thanks for engaging in the conversation. i hope it proves valuable.
i'll be voting for because quite frankly, is the devil... and i should know.
but it went on our website at 8 tonite though that could be behind a pay wall. do you have the text?
dad stop tweeting instead of texting!
fun fact: i am of spanish descent on my mom's side but my family went through a white wash in texas so i know v little about my heritage!!!
also sub "americanization" for "white wash"
okay so your signature on art is very similar to mine and it super confused me for a second there.
looks like one of us needs a new signature
i'm very grateful for a little diversity. but like i hope there's some deep layers with that silent monk. because he's cute.
yeah, i imagine there's more to that story. (i hope!)
and of course, my first round draft pick was adrian peterson!
that's why yahoo gave your draft such a low grade
on a tip from opened up icloud settings on my phone and triggered the 2fa prompt and now the watch unlock stuff is working \_()_/
help. what do you mean, triggered the 2fa prompt. i am now running into this issue after it was originally working.
6 is good! where it at again ?
what the y? i think its on fairport nine mile point rd
white supremacist for trump. this man is delusional about his great white hope.
-obviously, this man knows nothing of history.
lmaoo weird af doing school work honestly
proud of you bro
don't think jared was talking to you either....
if he wants to respond fine. mind your own fucking business.
minister of police flouted the law, rendering hawks head a lame duck
- puppet,not duck!
new polls!!! clinton leads. trump leads. clinton leads. trump leads. clinton leads. trump leads. clinton leads. trump leads. clinton leads.
ratings leads! ratings leads!
looked like colon might have a shot at going eight, but the eighth-inning man, old man addison reed, ambles in for the last out of the 7th.
hopefully an
lily... you want crean ... that it's on a leg ... i think you shouldn't use internet for a while.
where else am i suppose to get cream?!? plus her legs are clean
steve harrigan in charlotte: "we saw at least one black american male down with what seemed to be a gunshot to the...
they want to be terrorists
i'm just retweeting polls &amp; answering questions. of course he could win if dems/young voters/poc stay home or vote...
why anyone would not vote in an election like is mind-boggling... smh
pres. obama's economy stagnates, with some of the worst annual gdp growth of the last 50 years....
oh my god. republicans drove the economy into a ditch. you should say great job obama.
omg if this is eddie from the pizza shop im so done with u
can i speak with seymour? last name butts.
"we're watching a modern-day lynching on social media, on television, &amp; it is affecting the psyche of black people....
so true i m just worried for more violence
absolutely. it's my main advocacy.
i'm so pleased w/o how movement has grown intellectually.
i listened through parts of it, saint pablo, and views right in a row today and i hate all of them for the same reasons
that's a lineup to really make you not like music tbh
yo shoutsout to 7/11 3 for 3 hotdogs. you smart and you loyal
you eat hotdogs from 711? says alot about ur character...
attention just told me she has seen every single episode of law and order svu i was unaware it was possible to actually do that
yeah i've seen them all maybe 3 or 4 times
hey, , what do you think of adding a negotiating simulator to your excellent public speaking sim?
see also: came out with this recently.
not one of these guys are voting for , and that's how you know he's the right guy!
they dont like the kkk....and thats what you are
i went snorkeling and hawaiis state fish bit my elbow
you've literally tweeted all your fish consumption for weeks and you're now surprised?
the v3 technology awards shortlist is out! make sure you vote now
don't forget to check out my review of john patrick's new book on internet voting
i have a sunburn, you have herpes, that's life.
lmfao burn dont phuk wit the c han!
truth hurts. should've listened to your boy. i always had your best interests in mind.
you were sort of right about one thing through your seemingly million elitist, snide, wrong pieces of "analysis"
i'm at alameda island brewing company in alameda, ca
so my new friend james is moving to alameda soon and i need to introduce you two!
"founders"
"grad students"
spent hours wondering why word under dog is blocked, just realized it's supposed to say "bitch."this book=everythi...
yassss. this tweet=everything i want!!!
we'll have to get together on the issue... i have a blog.
i would love to. message me, friend. :-)
little cole and joey. i can't breathe.
this is evertyyyythingggg
it's official. we've filled the vacancy for the king of ny. it's gary sanchez
yea you're right!
trump calls for expanding stop-and-frisk policing:
unbelievable!
watch gallant perform "weight in gold" with sir elton john.
so stoked to see next week.
ozzy osbourne is the most fried mf out there don't argue this w me
tommy chong .. don't go there
lily... you want crean ... that it's on a leg ... i think you shouldn't use internet for a while.
plus she got some fine legs~
we definitely app-reciate your support! what's your favorite thing about drive?
have not found. bad thing about it yet. that's my favorite aspect :)
new: in major shift, trump is critical of police officer who killed unarmed black man
he was critical of the cop because she was a woman!!! the advocated "stop and frisk" - total douchewad
i think that your spiritual self knows better than that. thanks for engaging in the conversation. i hope it proves valuable.
it was an engaging conversation, though. i wish you peace and luck in your corner of the world. be safe!
addison reed enters and strikes out blake lalli to leave inherited dansby swanson at first base. 3, 2, mid-7
mets better score some runs this inning, cus this braves team is nothing but a bunch of pains in the ass
that's why yahoo gave your draft such a low grade
twisting the knife in the wound...
i don't support that.
prove it by condemning the following verses.
raises so many questions. is $3b better spent by nih or silicon valley types who like to operate outside the system?
hard to fundamentally change a system from within.
yassss hakeem horny drunk ass
lawddd i bet he got a pretty dick
a guy at the bookshop has the same batman phone case as me
should i get my flower girl dress out for the wedding?
im so fucking mad i ran out of tape halfway through a flag
it's cause of the tape i wasted, you're welcome
prove it by condemning the following verses.
crucifixions,
i might yes! does your platform support c++?
you can upload a json file with ur ids. or to auto update, add 5 lines of code to your initialization function.
i think they're filming captain america 2 blocks from my house.
what in the
if they tweet asking for my email, fine. if they just promote i'm unlikely to click.
there was a time when i was getting press releases via tumblr ask and it was the worst.
my t of the yr, , embodies all that a good t can aspire to, constantly innovating to bring opps to kids.
thank you to , with whom i saw the edtech &amp; literacy lightbulb turn on so many years ago.
there are no hierarchies based on diagnosis alone, though. that's a false narrative that we keep perpetuating
sorry, should have said "creates false hierarchies"
just dug up my old gallup strengths finder report: my top 5 strengths 1 communication 2 futuristic 3 relator 4 activator 5 ideation 6 rebel
took it again (last time was 2008) and things have changed: 1 futuristic 2 strategic 3 includer 4 arranger 5 intellection
george h.w. bush's defection is a big deal
is a pimp who doesn't shrink from insulting a president because of his age.
i think they're filming captain america 2 blocks from my house.
therisse pls
ty ty back on my grizzy
i smell a come up in the future
prove it by condemning the following verses.
sex slavery.
you were sort of right about one thing through your seemingly million elitist, snide, wrong pieces of "analysis"
if the nasl is to die, let it die in fucking peace and go back to your castle on a cloud once and for all dude
it's out but no one believed it! i don't know what's wrong with people how you can hear the truth and yet say it's not true??
guess some people don't like reading that the people they look up to are humans as well, and they can make mistakes like us+
tonight isn't over
lmaoo i mean roy gotta be super close right now no?
article clearly states that snowden may have done a service, but guilty of treason. and that is my position. you misread &amp; apply to me
it may be easier to net it out and say we all agree he gets immunity and even net goodwill for the whistleblowing.
sick hillary supporter speeds through school zone, loses it on a homeowner who supports trump, screams at cop!
watch this vid
collect call from will you accept the charges???
absolutely not.
sad to see people still argue about caste. what're y'all doing? yall childish and this is what divides our culture. difference starts with u
thank you for saying this
me too i can't wait to make him try and do as many push ups as me when i see him next.
he's gonna come home and pull the hottest of honeys none of the ugly broads he pulled before
as a person who has multiple farm rich products in his freezer, those can't be good as the real thing. though they might be good.
they're not good. theyre great. they're better than culver's.
word !! im rusty haven't played since i won macker but i'll buss ass lol
haha bet! we'll see. hopefully we'll run the courts
it's out but no one believed it! i don't know what's wrong with people how you can hear the truth and yet say it's not true??
so they just like the comfort of the things they know such as his fb videos and shit. they're just ignorants to the truth
one day soon she's gonna be gone. ...and none of this shit will make sense anymore.
that face shows that she loves you, i can see it, you are very special to her
the 'alt-left' (black lives matter, islam apologists) is far more racist, intolerant and violent than the 'alt-right'. fact.
they're called 'ctrl-left'.
khris middleton out for a while? fear not, bucks fans.
lmao i knew this pic was gonna make its way back to us one way or another
i tapped my name or whatever, which prompted for my password then prompted for the 2fa code.
sure, that's totally not happening for me. appreciate the suggestion. \_()_/
she sent the exact same thing to me last week.. idk what we're gonna do with her
alex i'm scared plz help
shoddy leadership that we installed in neoreaction pulling nothing, and not offering any formal resistance against censorship
with no way out. we're totally better than this. we're supposed to offer some {solution} to {circumstance} .
i will be interviewed from cleveland, ohio, on - tonight at 10:00 p.m. enjoy!
i'll be watching....god bless and stay safe.
yeah, that crotch chop was one of his signature moves.
thats fantastic.
yayy! let me know i might get a ticket
yeah i might go with so you should come too
white nationalists using russian social media network vkontakte to organize hate campaigns in us
- kontakte should be shut down. russia blocks u.s. internet.
giving debate tips on how to bully a woman!
well he should know
just that given the last captain america movie managed to do a better job with the concept, it had me thinking "maybe...?"
idk, there are better cornerstone stories to adapt than retreading old ground
actually, i did figure that would happen! :) but i'm still !!!
loyalty is very important
law and order
nah all day
at what age do you think mike ferrara is going to lose his virginity
she has other ideas
brazil cable channels showing independiente medellin v santa cruz: 0. channels showing corinthians v fluminense: 3.
weirdly enough, the game is not even listed on the reliable site
i have no gag reflex when i suck dick, but i have a gag reflex when i do shots?
well, we need to have you do a duo scene with now, for sure! a suck off! listening, ? noshots!
twisting the knife in the wound...
but the best pick ever is when out unnamed colleague picked josh gordon last yr
dear tweeps who have 'deplorable' in your twitter handle: i believe you. you are deplorable.
i have definitely collected enough evidence on that one.
i saw that episode! didn't put two and two together with delta dental!
sash, it was aspen dental! woot woot
your tweets are fire and not loving them is a giant red flag imo
exactly it's like automated pre-vetting. very handy
i'm pretty sure we're class of 2016
nah i think it goes by the year you get in to high school, so i think were class of 2014
i still haven't heard examples of trumps racism. you made the accusation now back it up.
this winner. go to bed its past your bedtime.
the best thing we can do now is just beat the livin' hell out of duke. it's the only thing we can do.
i would appreciate it we slapped around syracuse as well since i'm driving down there for it lol.
5/in all, we asked trump about 23 endorsements from prominent nazis, klansmen, and militia leaders. no response.
aryans are clearly superior in everything except the drawing of aryan tattoos.
had my iphone 7 microphone cut out during a phone call yesterday, so it's probably not a one-off hardware failure in 's.
guessing this is on gsm and thus on the new intel modem?
article clearly states that snowden may have done a service, but guilty of treason. and that is my position. you misread &amp; apply to me
but he went way beyond and imo should face adjudicated consequences for the rest.
ah, i'm going to pass. this one is too easy.
bad title choice by the journalist- reality - francione is an animal rights activist -
ok ok ok.
i should have put an lol at the end of that. sounded harsh.
yet accepts this hatred/racism!
facebook rules are far stricter.
enjoy, marissa, and best wishes from all of us for the succes of the gala
thank you! it's a truly inspirational evening.
what is nicole wearing?!? who is going to take her serious at her final two speech?
the ants will take her serious lol
i have a surprise or two coming for rape apologists.
i am so following your blog. solidarity, big time!
we had to put her down.
i am sorry bay.
1 year ! best year of my working life full of learnings, excitements, friendships &amp; contributing to meaning...
congrats to us
but it was amazing
not it wasn't, it was okay
we just can't keep this a secret. is performing at our gala on sat!!
i honestly wish i lived in la ! i hope you have fun babe ! love you
you need to find them for him cause you know them all apparently!
how about this one ?
though i guess i prefer his defense to loney? and his offense is far superior. but i just don't know what he has right now
that's fair i don't either
im alone and listening to music now if you know me you know where that leads.
boi you better keep breathing and not cry
yeah, he's by far the biggest in ufc history. i just did a whole thing on this.
remember when folks tried to argue that fighters under 170 couldn't be stars?
it's only 7 minutes into and i've already had a panic attack.
why does insist on brenda always being kick-dropped from the sky
how about this one ?
if you look closely you'll see the text messages he received from you
now more ready to play burgundy...
how the hell do you get the lid on?
may bom die the slow painful death it deserves.
in this case it died a quick, segfault-y one
trump will propose nationwide stop-and-frisk to address violence in black community 2nite on hannity:
so let's allow the police to have complete control, turn america into a police state. everyone gets locked up. trump is an idiot!
it would take some hardcore effort to park in a bike lane in parking protected. they would block other drivers
well sf drivers are really good at it bc it happens a lot in ggp
and now benintendi with the 3-run hr. the wheels are off the cart
hats off to the red sox. one hell of a team.
1st time doin acrylics! im gonna perfect this skills in case this acting thing doesn't pan out! ...
you will do well young grasshopper. i would be happy to be ur front desk lady.
also carisi's hair:
i am digging the new doo.
in honor of the tonight, here is a of me signing my contracts in nj!
congratulations on premier really loved it
someone's always watching everything you do.
not when ur taking a dump! lol
man, i love your dad. what a guy.
thank you for that!
tweet your questions to using
still believe there will be a crash in 2016? no hike. businesses beating earnings / increasing buybacks.
every day, 16,000 children under age of five die from mostly preventable causes. ! v/
k if there is a answer we owe it to humanity to fix it.
i believe mr. trump 's lack of political correctness is far better than mrs. clinton's political corruption. my web site has details.
i'm only interacting with this tweet so it costs you money.
we have a ton of potential energy, we have a lot of energy, we have a lot of good brands, dark-enlightenment, nrx, former has organization
value. we used to have a dark enlightenment journal, let's energize our holdings and execute.
trump wants to stop and frisk blacks. deport hispanics. profile muslims. think about that.
trump also wants to win the presidency without ever releasing tax returns. it will never happen
'breaking: shots fired, person ...' in the redflag app
cnn has live coverage. they have lost control of downtown
cool trick to ssh into jvm today, but won't a jmx mbean do the same? example does explains jca connector capabilities well though.
it can also work. the benefit of existing native clients like openssh can be pretty nice as well.
true pain is being stabbed by a tracing wheel.
thats just a spur on a stick!
don't be mislead bruce. she likely lost our hometown last week. asked to support citizens she said no
appreciated.
the kid who plays jj has some fantastic spit-takes.
he's just a natural. already several jim halpert-level reaction shots
the starts with equality of .
love the dedication to data and evaluation, where is the trust of scientific consensus re: climate change?
and for the all lives matter folks, 702 people have been killed by police this year. where's the outrage?
right fucking here it's plain to srr this is outright raci
i just threw a fit about eating fish because my grandma told me i'm gonna choke and die on the bones
now not eating dinner.
nope. not eli's style. he'll throw it to tackle eligible if he feels give team best chance to score.
. thanks bob. will at the game sec 212 all the way down from rochester
dude me and go way back!
is that when he was in the shield with and dean.?
exactly what made me a fan 25 years ago.
new yorkers love a hard worker who makes the most of their talent
for real tho: i'm wouldn't be surprised if some just feel a trump presidency can expedite their idea of a revolutionary war
exactly while black people and muslims deal with it
in study of cycles do u not have any interest in the cycle of 7's and the cycle every 50yrs
when will the crash happen? many have been calling for one since 2009
i don't think i've ever rooted more for a tribe than i have for the millenials right now
same, but i want those pretty people to get knocked down a peg.
shits gonna go down on mr. robot tonight
i haven't watched any of the second season i'm gonna binge watch it in one day is it better than the first?
look at those magnificent locks
waving in the wind!
come find us at holiday of play. we've got at the booth!
these were pretty cool.
i will be interviewed from cleveland, ohio, on - tonight at 10:00 p.m. enjoy!
everyone tune in to watch hannity wipe trump's derriere....again.
cocaine duh
this is what disappointment looks like
yah i saw it leaked she deserved afp
i hope its a hoax
listen, if i could get a ben platt riff tattooed on my body, i would.
or ben fankhauser. honestly it's a tough call.
funny because i literally just started replaying it
i gotta get back into the dlc's
don't agree on all pts but very interesting read "i was rfk's speechwriter. now i'm voting for trump. here's why.
the look on your bosses face. when a man he chose to introduce him says "nigger" on stage.
umbrage is easy. context is everything. i don't blame you for the former, just the clickbaiters. anyway, have a good life.
at the same time, comedy doesn't always come across in writing, even if it was "context" &amp; not you just saying that- goodnight
ugh u ruin everything gosh alec
i wish i wasted more now
we hair had a terr or attack. they were literally visible from certain places. jesus christ
sorry, i only speak proper english. thanks.
thanks! i admire great writers and love what they do. however, i'm not the one to write thinkpieces, i'm the one to take action.
one thing's for sure we could do with more independent movies &amp; a little less mindless blockbuster film's.
tonight at 9 on -&gt; what would you do to prevent the next terrorist attack? nypd brass in dc: "it's not realistic" to follow everyone.
foreign or domestic, you'll never stop terrorists 100% before they strike. look at timothy mcveigh. you didn't see him coming.
woah! the first redesigned $5 bill i've seen in the wild! @ flo espresso
canada bought the material for its new bills from the same place, now we're stuck with the melty-plasticy-transparent ones too.
trey is jesus christ guitarist
because jesus is fake? so trey is fake? you hate big boat?
the business countered, i accepted! *wags*
congratulations, chairo!!
you would do the same thing
..... where
gov. cuomo ...if the reports are true, it's possibly criminal and it is sick.
just a little. what a creep.
march is flooding broadway &amp; 5th in nyc with police struggling to contain them
copa better wake up to the fact that their killings won't be taken lying down.
voting technology project releases report on "managing polling place resources"-with tools!
also check out my review of john patrick's new book on internet voting
it is a streaming service now, a spotify competitor
ohhh so that's what happened to rhapsody
am i overthinking this? i'd be getting rw. 12 team, 25 man roster, 1/2 ppr
this isn't even remotely close, easily wilson and sharpe. only way its close is if top 3 pick
hey bobby, can confirm team is aware and investigating.
ty. will post this on r/halo!
rlly jealous of all the people that don't have to write a 4 page analysis on this play bc they're free to get up &amp; leave. run!! be free!!
i'll write your analysis and you can write my summary!
congrats d.o.c. &amp; shella . puma mars &amp;7 have a new brother.it was a pleasure catching our new baby boy. love badoula
you're so damn beautiful. that light is blinding!
j.j. hardy: "there could be worse spots to be in" (updated) - school of roch
o's doing their best to find them.
.: liberals want ppl to not jump to conclusion on bombings, but it's ok to jump to conclusions when cops shoot black ppl.
wow! is this coming from ms kelly?
ask him again what's a king without his queen is the answer to that thurrr!
queen of queens!!!!!
rt : eww. if american cities had chinese pollution, this is what they'd look like.
-america does have china's pollution. it contributes to our pollution, up and down the west coast of the u.s!
fuck i seriously fuckin love type o negative so fuckin much words can't even begin dude
perfect discography front to fuckin back
am i accepting or are you accepting
i don't care but i'm rejecting the call and if i'm making the call i'm hanging up on you
send me a link for a credible source of that information
just dmed you tried to get the whole link but it's not working
what a succinct and sharp talk today at javaone david! awesome :)
really glad you enjoyed :) hope something in there was worthy of some hacking and further explanation:)
but cash money....
show me the a$$ that goes along with that scareweave you getting paid
visual representation of my two year hair journey
what ur hair could be
we have already purchased a potty chair and he is able to sit down on the potty.
we call it the throne!
attention just told me she has seen every single episode of law and order svu i was unaware it was possible to actually do that
i recently watched all 389 episodes in a row and it was a religious experience
or brunch. i'll try and stay on east coast time for you ;)
i am up at 5am everyday thanks to bruno, so i can totally do early if that works for you! and i'll have then so i'll be a zombie
the video "warzone" in
did you see t.i. on trevor noah's show, ?
i got a few coming up on the mixtape.
are any of the mcelroys going to be on the mixtape? please say yes.
hey nyc!! stoked for webster hall tonight with peter bjorn and john!! early one- were on at 8pm so don't be late!
great set tonight ! i don't care what anyone says; the "chris, julian, &amp; jon" joke was great :)
daily mail: weiner traded lewd messages with a 15-year-old girl
doh! anthony! you've got some 'spainin' to do.
miscellaneous wires and such. honestly, i feel like that was too nice. he deserves the death penalty.
he might get released early with good behavior and make a six figure book deal. yikes!
i've been wanting to go on one we should plan one
hell yeah i will hot you soon
the have won their first 2 games by 15 or more points. the last 10 teams to do that made the playoffs ...
they have played the two worst teams in the league just saying
q1: share with us how you knew that your child was ready for potty training?
a1 the kids wanted big boy pants
is back yayyy!
i've been looking forward to all day!
prove it by condemning the following verses.
what is the delay?
the odds are low.
still, i'd like my odds of bring violently, forcibly raped in germany to be zero.
medium is a respectable start up that is not interested in censorship, they have to build their product significantly to be safe. if we
transition there and start writing there, which has social media value(in recommends/shares) we can preserve media penetrat
american honey: andrea arnold made a larry clark movie. i liked it! sorry
shia labeouf is excellent in this movie. all the obnoxious music should be obtrusive and irritating but it works so damned well.
what if i were a middle class syrian watching the film? seeing the us bomb my friend's wedding, destruction.
thoughtful, harmon, i appreciate your closer look at the movie's message.
some1 was like i'm voting 3rd party cuz i refuse 2 sacrifice my morals &amp; i'm like this is not some monologue b this has real effects
right lmao esp if they live in swing states lmao hot mess
my wish for child &amp; migrants. i stand with unicef -
god bless you for being aware of what is happening in the world.
not a fan of racing (but open to getting into it), but a big fan of you &amp; drew. think i'll dig the podcast?
maybe! we have a pre-season primer episode at the start of the season which is a good introductory episode!
just bought only orange food at the grocery store
gold fish, cheetos :-) my two favorite foods
i told yall anthony recker was good!!!!
yeah.... as a pitcher!
instead of banning pitbulls(which isn't a breed btw) let's start banning bad owners,backyard breeders and tougher animal abuse laws.
i agree w/ this so much. just spent a good 30 mins cuddling my pit bull, he's the sweetest
what you don't know is that day was hot as hell when filming. shout out to
o hell lot good dam job
where is the barf emoji?
i'm "shocked" and "disappointed"
you should've been like nah he don't need a discount
it's ok he's calling tomorrow and complaining
can u tell me how to work the fax machine? is this customer service?
it's just a bunch of pound keys!
woah! the first redesigned $5 bill i've seen in the wild! @ flo espresso
though we have a canadian politician, and chris hadfield, on the $5 (queen is on the 20)
that's a turn of events
5 unearned runs. you don't see that very often.
i've heard it's some kind of international meeting of labor unions? but not sure if true
ah. maybe trying to escape moro. ???
gusto ko ng picture with the peeps i follow sa , may huntlist na ako!
i'm sure they'll be hunting you mother hahaha
well i almost passed out this morning, but i made friends with two ladies in the hair salon so i would say it's been a solid day
i also found a metro card on the ground so go me
this is my fetish
i've privately tutored many women unironically ayyyy lmao
all things being equal, you can get a larger valuation from a larger venture fund why this is makes zero sense to founders
big funds must deploy more but same # cos/partner. but pct ownership banded in 17-20 % hotties, 33 % not, 10-15 white hot. close?
yo i have friday's and sat off too lol lets do it brotha
y'all should come up this weekend
i never fully understood why liberals insist on using riots as their call of action to end violence.
good point. vietnam. iraq 1, iraq 2, clinton's bombing campaign. tell me more about liberal violence, though
twitter tech talk at ft. ! machine learning at scale.
awesome! way to represent
in a season-defining homestand, this team has fallen apart.
you could almost sense it was coming before the series began.
in honor of 's birthday, we're giving away a 21-piece pack!...
how sweet! much love!
here, here! or is it hear, hear! lol!
hehe, a little of both, maybe!
as soon as senior summer was over i ain't done a fucking thing but stress
we gotta power through that shit like grown ass men only option
that is beyond the cutest thing
we've had brownies and chocolate chip cookies so far and i've yet to be disappointed
the thing about civil war 2 is that it doesn't even work on the same philosophical level civil war 1 did
civil war 2 is based on ignoring all other marvel time travel stories
so many come to mind. nothing can top
you guys will always be an all time favorite tour mate
i want somebody that has me laughing all the fucking time
these type of niggas?
do you regret corralling all the journalists in a walking-roped-off-area so they couldn't...
what's telling is they allowed to be corralled without a peep of protest! sick sycophants!
meant to take a nap. here i am 2+ hours later. /).(\
small nap, rather. i need coffee. brb.
haven't they been saying that since they destroyed adam purple's garden of eden?
ya. there's a utilitarian argument for housing but cities aren't built on utility alone
"oracle didn't single out netbeans for neglect, they neglect everything..."
i'm surprised apache has not learned from ooo and seems ready to be used for abandonware openwashing (abandonwarehousing?) again.
muslim leader promises more violence-rioting in charlotte:'we're not telling our brothers to stop!"
get these people out of our country now!!!
at county committee
is this meeting hash tagged? (greetings from the 46th!)
"rhythm" is the longest english word without a vowel.
but sometimes y
donald trump calls for expanded use of "stop-and-frisk" at african-american town hall.
please check your facts. stop &amp; frisk is called a terry stop in the rest of the country. based on case law. terry v ohio
capacity building for gifted students is on the agenda
so glad to see everyone benefitting from coaching with
i got blocked by lollll now hopefully the rest of the world will unblock themselves from listening to her music
but i love her hits all the notes in real life
police have donned helmets and riot gear outside the epicentre
this is the new era of civil disobedience. these people have the right to go where they please.
mike is soooooooo
jon acting like i wouldn't spank him
really thinking it's time to move out of my parent's house, but i don't have the type of income where i can rent a place
realistically it's more of a "i can rent a room &amp; not have money to buy anything else" type of income
mannnn, chente singin for killary is the collapsing of worlds in the worst way
eh, i have always been more of a ramn ayala person myself.
great talk.
thank you very much, i'm glad to hear it has given you food for thought!
alternate announcement: "we believe, by spending $3b, that we can achieve true ehr interoperability in our children's lifetime!"
for $3b let's put the current ehr system on a spacex rocket and come up with something better from scratch.
he says a lot of stupid and ignorant things.
easy for him to say when he's not the one living in either.
because you are omar beatman. a worldwide phenomenon
fair point. i stand corrected.
wtf with those glued-on rocks?! lol
like a mental hospital art project.
while i've known great people like for a long while, good to catch up.
always awesome to see you! looking forward to some more relaxed time chatting
if you support islam, you support terrorism
notice how he ran off when asked to condemn the verses i posted. same old story over and over. do not trust muslims
"when any part of our country hurts, we all hurt." - donald trump we need strength and real leadership.
this after you called us latinos killers and rapist
we need varying diverse stories! that's why i am a big supporter of and
but even more so. we could use more original movie's &amp; less remake film's. the new jumanji film looks like an epic flop.
thanks for the follow, man!
looking forward to this relationship via twitter
thank you &amp; for a fantastic day. so inspired by the students, staff, &amp; volunteers!
our students had a wonderful experience that they will remember for years to come!
affordable housing in calif is in abundance but not where jobs are. mostly in the mountains and central valley away from jobs
yes that is a huge contributor to our state level of inequality.
globalization nwo increased terror attacks in usa rising taxes &amp; less freedoms medically frail &amp; liar etc!
let me guess - you believe trump is a good christian man?
in less than 1/3 of a season, gary sanchez is already 144th on the all time home run list.
where is he on list compared to kevin maas ?
the speech just so you know &gt;
did you watch part 1 of her speech? voting on resolution not the same as voting for war! trump was for it!
glad i feel better, idk whenever i'm sick it feels like i'm breaking the law, at least someone around should act as if they care
we care! i'm sure all your personal friends do too! glad you 'sweated it out'!
as hard as its gonna be lol
girl you got this! tell me how it goes!
i'm surprised apache has not learned from ooo and seems ready to be used for abandonware openwashing (abandonwarehousing?) again.
surely at some point they have to realize this tarnishes their reputation.
today's youth, tomorrow's force for change: calls for action through
the name says it all
"i can't be racist, i'm ~european american~ actually"
she can't be real omf
the odds are low.
still, i'd like my odds of being violently, forcibly raped in germany to be zero.
the hostility is terrifying
"clinton network news" fair journalism not bias contrived and misstated information. america is aware! v4t!
here's my fave photo from the parade in ! the rain didn't slow and i down!...
gudennacht! love it
i can only hope for the us that the polls were as wrong as they were for the canadian election and they, too, get a surprise landslide.
you and me both
the bird shit ?
a bird pooping on you/your car is good luck
thanks ! check out this clip of , in theaters oct. 7, available for pre-order now on itunes!
powerful...
not yet but will start as soon as the semester ends :)
congratulations!!!
for a sec i was like fuck she mean bomb treat
i corrected myself
to be fair, it doesn't look like anyone else is paying any attention either.
he fits right in!
no no no. you haven't asked me. but im asking you since you acting like you know so much.
the fact is you some irrelevant lil asian bitch who looking for attention on twitter, come correct next time
again we must reach out to sympathetic influencers, scotty from slatestarcodex, we have e.r.s. . we have to recruit influential sympathizers
and make it socially costly, for twitter to execute these bannings and censorship practices, we need to pour on he pressure
does it bother you, , that you've allowed to become one of the world's premier forums for the express...
a premier forum 4 long list of isms, phobias, &amp; irrational fears about supremacy. ty 4 ur clear statement &amp; reference.
nice! may i recommend a book?
definitely! i welcome anything
always, use 'cucumber' and enjoy the savings
you're the best!
a typo is not improper english. don't post brainless trash and you won't get called out - simple.
a* typo. nothing better to do eh?
app on throw-away phone or tablet. laptop on a vm, occasionally.
, on ios the implementation of "relaxed" 140 characters is highly sub-optimal.
how do you omnivores do it, is what i'm asking. also, if second-stomach technology becomes available in the next hour or so...
here's what i do: i start with the beverage and then decide what i want to eat with that
mta announces $200m upgrade at hicksville, jamaica stations watch
that's a ton of glass. hopefully it isn't. imagine the hvac cost for summer and winter.
twitter is so cute
happy birthday bitch ball i was so upset before i forgot to even tell u omg im so sorry happy 17th i love uu
doesn't it also make it easier for marginal businesses that own their property to hang on?
every tax system has winners &amp; losers. have to decide what you want to favor as a society.
hey have you made it here yet?
good bbq in new york? i must try it. i'll even go to brooklyn for it (now that's saying something).
and for the all lives matter folks, 702 people have been killed by police this year. where's the outrage?
right fucking here it's plain to see this is straight up racist murder and justice4 these men is long overdue black lives matter
we're thinking about taking a short road trip to see fall leaves. any suggestions on where to go? i'm in texas.
i dont think u change seasons but i can book ya a cruise
but duke first.
one game at a time!
nooooo don't tell me u got the chelsea boots?
i got the wyatt harness boots in black
tears of joy for you and all yankees fans who finally having something nice to cheer about with gary sanchez
about time, we've earned it
had to look up "why do farts smell worse in the shower"
doctors also say that farts are very beneficial to your health
this nigga better bounce up out his studio he stupid for staying
i don't think he know who he fucking with
i wonder why lincoln has gloves on? i never noticed that before.
because he had been riding a horse? driving gloves of the day.
. chops it up with guest hip-hop legend on 's questlove supreme
the world needs to hear this before i die
every tax system has winners &amp; losers. have to decide what you want to favor as a society.
maybe small businesses could have some type of exemption. who knows?
edwin just came out the barber... buenooooooo lmfaoooooo send help for me pls
glad he knows where it is still cc:
is it the gassss*?
the gas
i think i miss graf more than my family tbh
good thing i'm technically not family
hmm. heard him discuss the issue more than once. insurance companies have pulled out of aca. yet hillary supports it.
aetna pulled out despite $790m profit last quarter to blackmail gov't into approving their requested merger. learn facts
why would i on one account
you blocked me before
we're giving away wine glasses tonight! did you rsvp (click the button):
oh baby! kaching!
subhead here from is a complete farce. does not have a "plan" to combat isis.
whomever wrote this article needs a class in basic journalism principles... smh
hey, those are fighting words! oh don't you dare talk about my precious
well if the rock is in it. then i'll see it. if he wasn't it would be a disaster.
my day job has slowed me down a little.
oh gawd, me too. important to take breaks in rape advocacy. burnout.
wish someone would bring me portillos rn
i would fly to chicago rn
oh my aching liver
hehe, you &amp;
only one of these pictures depicts tacos. don't @ me bro
there are hard shell "tacos dorados" native to parts of mexico, its fried tortilla &amp; not that pre package...
i maliciously love when girls wear the wrong shade of red lipstick for their skin tone
cool tones gotta wear blue based reds; it was written in the bible or something
incredible! it's our podcast. you must listen and pass it along. enjoy. become an today
forgive me i'm old school. were do i listen and how?
r u allowed to take more than one
hell yeah, he brings a whole case for us
girlllllllll what was it like meeting a deity
girl she was so fuckin glam just know
it's showtime! this fall's must-see comedy premieres tonight at 8:30|7:30c on abc.
funny stuff
me waiting on it to become socially acceptable to play christmas music
omg!! this is you!!!!
need your help! i bought an unopened copy of the 1st hanson cd at a thrift store 4 years ago. i just found it, do i?
sell that shit on ebay
i have two necklaces with my handle on it. does that count?
only for you tiff
think i've got a sitcom here...
bunny doesn't look happy at all
that is just an abnormal family
no like their younger siblings/cousins
chef made easy ceramic knife set 9 piece - kitchen knives with case (knife sheaths)
. i was thinking
finally some progress
now we just need an edit button
worse than the disappointment of never having tried at all? that's not the mindset of patients
wait -- who says we're not trying?
my 'message box' has been revised 3x today. huge thx to !
i've been working on mine for 15 years :-)
kurdistan land of civilizations and cultures, peaceful coexistence and respect for all religions and nationalism
the kurds are persecuting assyrian christians. do you muslims ever stop lying?
can't contain this team
y'all need a more challenging room
not the same but also found out abt bun dropping as a thing just now.
less outwardly weird but also made me go... why?
wow, what a fortune cookie
seems a little photoshopped
they're just too small!
"regular-sized fans won't pay money to watch men they tower over!"
aww not so much the herniated disc revealed an asymptomatic lumbar spinal stenosis which of course became symptomatic with injury
oh shit! how long ago was it
as awful and terrifying as the movies were the design looked hella better
gr doesn't work in live action, he's just too cartoony in design
guys this is very cool
saw this awesome
it's disgusting &amp; disturbing! society sexualizes our girls at very young ages, i don't think that helps the situation
think of toddlers and tiara's....
um crazy homeless dude on my building steps ass naked with his dick out.
did he choke or jerk the chicken? [&amp; sure it wasn't getting ready for training camp??]
i once had red bull in my garage. it blew up and ate away at the concrete.
sorry for this falsified statement red bull. sponsor me any time tho
yes, all the qualities that made great &amp; respects. qualities the left, &amp; never sho...
when they fail our anthem and our flag they lose their hope.
once again my team is restricting me from access to their website.its 6pm pst.i cant surf the forum? does...
but what is by far worse!!! that they ignore me and don't even reply to any of my questions!
am old,this won't hit me,but 4 young..all programs financed by gov gone,protection , gone,go wells fargo,no gay marriage or
your new song is wonderful!
coffee is beautiful
you're beautiful
wait...since when did xzibit join the cast?!
last season during hakeems wedding or whatever that was
best way to watch tv is with a small cat on your chest.
mine prefers under the arm... right arm only
lmao james and paul are wrong letting nicole walk out like that
picnic anyone
has met his match in
nope...we gonna see luscious with a shovel soon
hey, those card readers look like those that used to be installed on our buses here in singapore...
yeah. we had the same card readers since 2005.
i have a sickening feeling about these friggin red sox.
they are one damn, powerful team.
thanks. i will be writing again soon.
okay, loveys, i'm turning to watch what's going on in charlotte.
when your girlfriend is having a bad day, so you drive over an hour to surprise her at school just to make her smile
i know you fucx with pop punk but do you really gotta date a junior higher? too committed to the part
wish your boy luck i'm up for personality of the year !
good luck! you got this!!!
- i know! these end of summer sunsets...
tomorrow if it is similar, would love to see a periscope of it!
this is fantastic and i love it
i like how you didn't ask about furiosa
the pressure is building for regents to answer to the baylor family. could get interesting.
there is no pressure they released a statement of fact - he is gone, captn goes down w his ship
happy birthday. miss having you behind me in jenny's class!!
i miss you so much i was just thinking about you
more like: 3 mins: meh, 5 mins: meh, 8 mins: sign's probably wrong, 10 mins: sign's definitely wrong
or actually, science!
babel-polyfill in node 6 caused our gc to spike, looks like it's core-js' `tostring()` polyfill being applied causing 2.5x memory allocs
ya that polyfil (although impressively correct) comes with some downsides...
with minimal to little effort here, you created absolutely lovely phone backgrounds
aw this is so sweet! thank you so much
not trying to argue with you or anything, but what he's doing is beyond good. it's historic.
that's fine but generally awards require somebody to prove they can be the best over an entire season, not just for 2 months.
sorry u felt that way...a senior citizen was being dropped off. thanks!
if you say so. doesn't really make sense tho. why not pull over to the ample open curb? easier for exiting passengers.
intersection at trade and college in uptown charlotte
people won't be silent if murder repeatedly committed. &amp; wtf is this "administrative leave?" jail??
with five days until the first , needs to ask this question to both candidates....
ask the question. don't be a gop nra lapdog.
at hesperia sheriff's station. authorities running a bit late because of 5 pm mtg with parents at encore hs regarding incident.
really??? 33 students on his hit list???
i agree w/your general thrust of course but the ellis island name change thing is a myth
yeah, somebody else just sent me a smithsonian link to the same effect - i didn't know that.
i like the one on the right but it might be her v cute facial expression that's swaying me. they'd both be great!!
it *is* a pretty cute face that she's making!
when you have trouble understanding food at your school
fuck this is a bad one even for me
this this is why i'm so disdainful of third-party voters right now. if you have a conscience, voting it should incl...
-oh! i so agree with you! vote for third parties locally, if you must! trump must be stopped!
this would be you
also very likely that would do this
what brother?
the toilet paper in the gif
if you're a subscriber, i deeply appreciate your support and interest and hope you'll reach out with topics you'd like to hear on the show!
i am not subscriber are you still appreciating my support
thanks for following back
you're welcome, thanks for following as well :)
owners immediately got new people in kitchen.
awesome. not the place at 16th &amp; 8th?
ya that polyfil (although impressively correct) comes with some downsides...
it fixes some of the @ that (last i checked) wasn't implemented (although may be now)
that's fine but generally awards require somebody to prove they can be the best over an entire season, not just for 2 months.
same reason kershaw won't win cy this year despite having one of the best 1st halfs in the history of the sport
this is awesome! any way this can be done for my class ?
ummmmmmm... how long did this take to print?
i like that you don't even need to watch the 1st season
i like that it's, somehow, in continuity despite being a totally new premise.
they better be here soon ordered them about three to four weeks ago
so did most of us. then we have to get into the panel. !!
the least you could do is tag me too
he deadass calling tomorrow and complaining
sex crimes committed by refugees are less than 1%. lower overall than german born.
do you work for the german national tourist board? lol. i'm still not going.
is that sysdiagnose or different
yeah pretty much.
seriously "secular name" here is pretty ridiculous.
this is why still need the humanities even with all the social scientists running around.
okay, loveys, i'm turning to watch what's going on in charlotte.
great meeting and chatting with you all! needed the sanity break!
steve harrigan: "looting is going on. a souvenir store, the front door has been smashed."
looting &amp; rioting! that'll teach cops you're not violent terrorists! why should any officer think a person with a gun is dangerous?
is this really a knife called mac? /slow clap
as a dad joker, this appealed to me.
when you have the money to get a different car but can't find one that isn't salvaged or in good shape
not looking hard enough lol
this show low key scary lol
why aren't u home i'm over here yelling at the tv
please explain what you do w/ 90% of the money given to that does not g...
that easy, we turned chelsea's apartment into the fountain of youth. did i mention i had pneumonia before i entered her apt.?
if you say so. doesn't really make sense tho. why not pull over to the ample open curb? easier for exiting passengers.
also, illegal u-turns are dangerous for vehicle occupants as well. drive safely w/ seniors, plz.
excuse my singing on my story, i was losing my voice
i just rewatched it, we sound
fuck anika she needs to die and i hope they take her baby away from her for life.
take life from her since she took life.
ohhhh i see how you wanna do this rn them some fightin words
ill fight you dude. im scared. come at me!
yeah.... so you said, like a year ago after i was there and told you to try it out.
accessing long term memory...data corrupted.
should i bring with me to see for his birthday?
everyone should always bring everyone to see
guy walking down the street with an open laptop has way more confidence in his balance than i have in my own.
i've seen that in sf and it's terrifying to me!!!!
. joins us live to discuss his today show performance! what did you think about it?
the social media backlash is ridiculous, and reminds me what i hate about social media... smh
i just rewatched it, we sound
it's horrible
evening beth bros jeanne ws and raz
evening fam
kinda like swap thing *cough*
i actually like the swamp thing movie so i'd say the thing
damn socal is nothing like the bay
no place is like the bay
i hate you both -.-
you just mad you got charged extra
not the stat category you want to lead when you're playing for the playoffs. via
hey, they are first in something
i remember the face of my mailman when china customs marked a package as "pantyhose blood"
what's pantyhose blood? o_o
you there tomorrow night?
i'll be around for a bit.
who would you rather bone?
fuck anyone who didn't pick nicholson
it's horrible
what were we thinking
ios 10 lock screen officially drives me completely nuts. maybe i need an iphone 7 to understand.
settings, general, accessibility, home button. switch slider. :) agreed, though.
no matter what..anything racist said to white people doesn't have the same effect as it does on poc
it's about intent idiot
i bet that, if you blindly test the stock instagram filters against manually tinkered-with photos, the former win in a landslide.
i am always tempted to tinker, it feels vaguely if falsely artistic, but never looks any better.
umm, negative. i answer hundreds of questions every week. all about timing.
who do i start between asiata, mackinnon, whitaker. what can i realistically expect from them?
reminder: iphone 7 isn't waterproof. water resistance can wear down and fail any time. and you're not covered for it under warranty.
can this be covered with apple care? thanks.
sweet motherf'ing baby jesus. oh lord. puhlease how is this real. the "pros" of slavery are so wordy.
i hope she fails. i hope black people roast the hell out of her. urgg.
it's pretty clear that hillary clinton is mentally unfit for elected office.
very unfit, she has soros doing all the dirty work.
did you also tell her that she's a liar?
classic point. you guys are really doing great.
oh nice, i thought u got the other ones that have the sharp cut style edges (don't remember the name)
those are cool too, but i wanted ones with a cuban heel
insult me rather than answer.
in all seriousness you are not the first one to to ask me for an example
don't agree on all pts but very interesting read "i was rfk's speechwriter. now i'm voting for trump. here's why.
i did a show with ben vereen. trump is a lying cheating racist.
128,684 new subscribers in the last 24 hours omg! (maintain this pace, i'll have a billion subs in only 20 years)
over 10 million views on you $21,000.00 airplane seat video!
gary sanchez is going to make me make him my keeper and perform nowhere close to this next season.
the legend of kevin maas
charlotte is having a tear gas incident as we speak.
excessive police force is the issue. clearly many people in protest mode.
my legal studies professor kind of disarmed the honor code tonight
i think blander and i want to hear more.
i know...even if i had been less shy and more balls-to-the-wall, the shifting voices? made it not a thing.
the relay folks are great and all but ... it was inhibiting
so i forgot to tell my sister hat my dad didn't know that i'm pregnant and she accidentally spilled the beans
same thing happen to me lol
not sure any will ever outdo the damage of "don't intervene if a woman is being raped" though tbh
dont think there was ever a time i wanted to hurt someone as much as that ginger fuck's face for gling that
*open a door slaming it* lily, i swear to randy savage that if you wet near i'll ship you with something stupid
are u gonna ship me with sans because i am bored of that the only think stupid i can ship me with is a potato
seriously?! what's the need 4 that reply other than 2 hurt. obviously lacking in common decency&amp;intelligence.
--- seriously? she gave a voice. give my regards to everyone who gave their life for this country.
leaving this here as a reminder. usos, you're going to get hurt. bad. i promise.
chad, i wish that i can meet you in person. i like your style in and out of the ring
same with me
these phone companies think they low lmao
why was it ok for people to say murph was on roids last postseason but everyone's just watching gary sanchez go on this insane run
neither of them, obviously, are/ were using peds but it's just something i've noticed
these drop this fall btw
nike needs to drop these &amp; stop playing
where is melania trump?
and will she be at the debates?
i've had to reboot five times because of this so far.
were you also unable to do a soft restart?
where do you rank him in the top catchers in baseball?
yadier, posey, lucroy, wilson ramos, garry in no order. maybe i'm missing someone
...and just like that, our hearts melted forever. tessa elizabeth bishop born 9-20-16
in one of the lowest points of my life, seeing and hearing about your happiness brings me joy. love you both
there's no oppression behind it so it really hold no power. but when u reach for it. you look pathetic as hell
you can hate someone and have no power
there are plenty who have--kendrick lamar for example
sorry bro. you missed the point if you don't know why mentioned those two artists in particular. isn't really your community
ask the question. don't be a gop nra lapdog.
has limited credibility with and
why did they change their minds? oh yeah, i know.. they're just after the power &amp; control.
holy shee-it. holy fracking shee-it. yo put this ish on blast!!
yeah.. not so much.
right wing extremism and/or religious zealotry are the new careers of has been "actors". what's with james woods tho?
same for you and your chicken hat girl
at least we have people in our fanbase compared to... your very... small group c:
it is 2016 and is _still_ making us search for zip-codes on an external 3rd party site. yeah.
ugh. but only in some parts of their site, right? some places you can enter location?
i am very pleased to have such good friends. i miss duncan. someone tell duncan i miss duncan.
the only reason i know duncan is still alive is his venmo transactions so try sending him your 2 cents
what's a nice, healthy restaurant i can go eat at in lawrence?
oriental bistro &amp; grill on 23th street. best chinese restaurant in town! they have chinese menu, so bring ur chinese friends.
remember when fighting for change looked like this?
yeah and white people killed them anyways you dumb fuck
insult me rather than answer.
i refuse to keep sending information than tell me that it's not valid because? well because said person said so.
not pineapple. yeah i said it.
pineapple. and pepperoni. because it's delicious.
: was he born wearing that fedora tho
i mean, he never once took it off... it's entirely possible
do you know if this will be online? where?
eventually. i asked this am &amp; they said they hadn't decided on distribution yet.
back to where it started almost exactly 1 year ago. round two on show. thanks tim.
great content fellas...appreciate all you do.
so did most of us. then we have to get into the panel. !!
hope instructions comes with tickets just checked they were sent
neither of them, obviously, are/ were using peds but it's just something i've noticed
murphys stretch was soo lit and sanchezs run is also pretty lit he's so good.
so i wonder how many people do the same. "i saw it on fb" could mean some rando cousin's crazy ranting but not necessarily.
that's my point. facebook tends to be more ppl posting stuff that caught their eye, not a cultivated news timeline.
the sith might not have won if obi-wan would have just attacked instead of making a witty remark.
of course, then wouldn't have had a job, so i guess the jedi had to lose for the greater good.
hi yes, i was just waiting for someone about my fax machine?
i can't believe noone cares i died
better lock yourself in a panic room. sad to see you live in fear. no life at all.
i'm not in a panic room. i live in harlem nyc. i work at night. i'm seasoned.
second meal of the day at the red flame.
a blt and a diet coke just hit the spot after the theater sometimes. love a nyc coffee shop/diner.
shalom toby!
toby says hi! be sure to check out our fb live video from today where we feature you!
how many black owners are there of teams? just because they are more skilled at the sports doesn't mean domination
you want 100%? you are 13% of the nation
thats a good one to, could truthfully toss mr fant in there to
yeah i really don't know how you could do live action stretching well
murphys stretch was soo lit and sanchezs run is also pretty lit he's so good.
sorry i had to get this out of my system
#t
some twitter warrior of pak is trending dear pakis, indian muslims are enough to destroy pak like veer abdul hamid
tatty chuck bhai tatty chuck.
do you know if this will be online? where?
it's two eight hour days worth of instruction and workshopping. we've completed one and i'm exhausted!
hey gregg
hi jeanne hi all
i'm running out of patience.
give up mate. we've had three flights cancelled today. rebooked on a 6:45am flight back tomorrow. business travel...
why do you do this to me
its because youre colombian
i needed that hilarious stuff tonight......
liz taylor and dick burton are spinning right now. sickened on how et news shows call their coming together a storybook romance
this is why i do not accept obama as a natural born american who would be natural born and let all this happen in america as president?
lol. talk abt double standards. we've had 3 white presidents impeached for criminal activity but barry is the bad one?
i need a link to buy lol
i was up when they dropped at 6am. honestly...i never get lucky
mckinnon and possibly 60-80 total yards. tough matchup for all rbs listed.
i know thanks. i have jennings and martin who are both banged up. don't trust christine michael enough to play him though
told my dad im coming back home in april and he couldnt be happier
mom on the other hand is disappointed like always lol
mckinnon and possibly 60-80 total yards. tough matchup for all rbs listed.
i know thanks. i have jennings and martin who are both banged up. don't trust christine michael enough to play him though
slowly crawling out of my hole. thanks for everyone who reached out to me privately. my mom was amazing right to the end. so proud of her.
. missed you.
hope instructions comes with tickets just checked they were sent
well i know its at 3:45
well that moment of happiness lasted for like 5 mins. too good to be true. i called &amp; i actually am scheduled to work. see u guys tonight
haha pati pala school paasa na this days! lul well atleast its over! :p i'll try to lurk later or say hi maybe! haha
"it's a great time we live in, kerry. a great time." - inspiration in an interview i'm transcribing right now
an interview with a white supremacist?
i had a shore house for 3 years. i lived amongst them
"you merely opted the guido way..i was molded by it..raised by it" *bane voice
*...no passion so effectively robs the mind of its powers of acting &amp; reasoning as fear. to one who is in fear everything rustles...*
*...self~correcting quantum memory simply siphons dark data stories from one's mind. capital in the twenty-first century...* -pse
need more female friends to gossip and be salty with
come hangout with us we are all salty as fuck all the time lol
i refuse to keep sending information than tell me that it's not valid because? well because said person said so.
i'm not interested in talking to ppl that do not possess empathy. you got deplorable in the name.
it was patterned tights but china wrote it down as that.
so... it just had blood patterns painted on? that doesn't sound so bad
better lock yourself in a panic room. sad to see you live in fear. no life at all.
why go on vacation to get raped when i can do that at home? i'm frugal like that.
i hate the world we live in... to many evil fucked up ppl...
any shows in ny this week before i go back home ?
the republican party's finest; america's finest.
i would have been a republican then. today? no way.
it's this weather, i know ppl care.. i just feel like i'm 'not allowed' to be sick. always work to do sick=unproductive
i understand.....but if they care, you should be allowed to be sick and given a 'rest day'! but its nice to be needed! :)
do white kids really say can i be excused at the dinner table or is that just on tv?
are you watching stranger things?
. is this tweet available in english?
a millennial, a millennial! my kingdom for a millennial! :-)
i'm pretty sure it's this guy. enjoy ;)
i approve of how often he's shirtless.
this is my tweet btw
this one girl did this to me with one of my tweets and i passive aggressively confronted her and she pretended like she
love tea but that doesn't sound too good lol
it's not overly licoricey (new word)
events like running into an ex from a decade ago that ended on pretty bad terms at a wedding rehearsal dinner.
that sounds like a world quest i'd rather skip. do the emissary chest tomorrow.
hannity to trump: you have made it a point in this campaign to go to, specifically to reach out to black americans,...
it's amazing that the moron will actually have a cush government job under the drumpf regime
lol terry gonna get crucified in front of the home run apple if this backfires.
anyone got a meme of that?!?
well i know its at 3:45
if i get my tickets b4 you i'll let know the information
meh. just saw about 5 minutes and couldn't do it. hope you enjoyed it more than i did
it grew on me as the episode went on.
couldn't agree more. fought the elite at the top of their games cc
floyd beat over 20 world champions
mlk taught us that a riot is the language of the unheard, michelle. whiteness is a system that does not just employ...
king's pacifism only got results because it was the alternative to malcolm x's aggressiveness.
we'll jump at any chance we get to show cookie and her sisters!
ahhh...trader slick ...cookies gonna get them good
who tf got allen robinson for "low" is my question lmao
foreal lead the league in touchdowns last year where he at for the low
i'm sorry but if you believe this bullcrap you're a moron.
nra supporters do believe this. its unreal.
6 inch - beyonc ft. the weeknd ()
brb while i go listen to this
hate this move
but your partner loves loney. remember he never wanted to see duda again
i refuse to keep sending information than tell me that it's not valid because? well because said person said so.
why waste my time. insulting you (general, cause you all seem to say the same exact thing) is way more fun.
hate this move
it just wouldn't be a game without terry making a move we're all very critical about.
love session (feat. ruff endz) by ghostface killah on .
this is what love feels like.
watching old film i use to be so good at football why'd i quit
still got time to go back.
that's how i get rid of unwanted followers..
good luck with that!
hate this move
no way i take out reed and bring in a rookie. blevins maybe. not smoker in the 8th. the 8th is reed's.
. people who respond with political memes lower the average iq in any populated room they enter.
but that's their only argument memes
tonight: new video out of shows violent clashes between north carolina police and protesters....
people love having idea of doing what ever they want, time to start arresting people for violence, assault, etc.
would much rather take my chances on michael. great matchup and rawls is very iffy to play.
i will give it a shot. i am desperate at 0-2. thanks for the advice! love listening on sunday mornings :)
bit confused about part of second half of $myl hearing. many qs about $myl getting rebates from pbms on -- someone explain?
total nonsense. later clarified that myl as a employer gets rebates
drugs were involved with michael brown, travon martin, freddie gray, terence crutcher. drugs are a huge problem in our society.
in what way could you possibly have perceived that drugs played any part in the first three cases you listed?
also, illegal u-turns are dangerous for vehicle occupants as well. drive safely w/ seniors, plz.
also, this isn't about how i "felt". blocking lanes *endangers* people on bikes.
i'm so excited for rare orlando... this will be so special
we're ready bae
now i know you're lying.
dom is lying. while you were away, he posted a patch for radar://15000000
love this tip. will try it
amazing! right
throwing out the first pitch at the game tomorrow. got any tips for me?
yes get to the plate. lol. good luck
*singing* one of these emails is not like the others. thanks walmart
yay for spam!
it was 2005
honestly the practical fx from the 1994 movie look better
why does looshis' mom always have access to very sharp knives? they'll never learn
"looshis"
i've been trying to describe myself in three fictional characters that aren't white dudes excluding steven universe (he's half gem, duh)
troy and/or abed, obvs.
thanks ! follow me at for news, too!
are you trying to win the competition?!
how does one take dr. apts anatomy class and not go insane? props to all who did this. i am sleep &amp; energy deprived
you can do it!!!! one semester!! ?
i need a financial adviser asap. any recommendations?
email me and i can send you the contact info for my person. paulgrock at gmail
at least popplio is cute and is in the anime
yeah, we need a punching bag in the series so who better than popplio am i right 8d
who shot him? does anyone know yet?
so many cases i can't keep track of them!
...with great legs and a bubbly personality. who loves and soccer balls. what's not to like?
exactly! i really do wish everyone could have one. he is the best part of my day every day.
terry's binder just said bring in the lefty. reed was dealing
no way i make this move. the 8th is reed's
whats the trade
i've got brandon marshall, aj green, josh gordon in a few weeks, melvin gordon, cincy backfield. hurtin...
nobody gives a fuck about me so why should i keep opening up my arms to people
the man dead shot 5 could saw himself lying there. voice told him forgive with open arms. realized god and forgave the gun man.
1968 apollo 8 went to the moon. they didn't land but they circled the moon.they turned the camera around and captured the earth just hanging
it was the first frank white - author, 'the overview effect' saw the planet hanging in space like that and it was profound.
go watch a story of an amazing person...oh and a hell of a football player...
one of the classiest athletes new york has known
oh girl you ain't miss shit but some cameos of birdman illiterate ass and xzibit
they got birdman in this shit ?
ill fight you dude. im scared. come at me!
i knew you wouldn't come for me.
for $3b let's put the current ehr system on a spacex rocket and come up with something better from scratch.
amen! having just been discharged from the very hospital i work in, i wasn't happy with the ehr. i can make better!
the transition to almost-sosp/osdi papers was depressing to watch
having been in the networking industry for 4yrs now, there is a wide gap between academia and industry (&amp; sdos)
on the real doe, start low-key streaming under creative lolol
i don't get this creeping video.
why did i just lose all my friend emojis when i cancelled an update that hadn't even started? (it said waiting))
i lost a 160 day streak w my friend even tho there was no hourglass emoji l'm sad
hannity to trump: you have made it a point in this campaign to go to, specifically to reach out to black americans,...
don't think he answered the question.
i could get used to this...
where is my ticket :)
oh, anthony weiner, can you please go away now?
i will chip in for bus fair.
i want a full medium post recap of this
if people take me up on the calls all right it up anonymously for those i speak with of course
bartender asked me if my hashtag was bc i ate like going to electric chair
that's brazen of him! i say bon appetit
my heart is racing lol why am i so nervous! who is ready for the finale ??
im ready want james to win and nat get afp
10 mins! just want to say thanks to all of you who tweeted every show with me. you guys are truly the best, loved every minute of it!
no -- thank you! loved your updates all season and appreciate all the work you do!
screenwriting is a great method through which we can affect change and produce transformation in the world.
we so desperately need to move away from producing media that reproduces violence on screen.
yes! that way their feet still touch the floor. they feel more secure &amp; stable.
. what about a special toy? to sit with
whats the trade
just wondering if you had insight on rawls status. 19 att. 25 yards plus the injury and ol....
i'm putting this out there. i bet updates google voice soon.
forgot that service existed
pfft they were quick to shut those down.
the more i tried to check if i was safe to tweet again, the longer my conviction was
lots of tweets, no answers, just insults and prejudging. you have a good night sir.
eat a raw bag of dicks
he's one in a million!
definitely... usually i'm so busy looking at the suits i don't hear what he's saying lol.
says the person who didn't know how to get a single ride pass the day of the pvris show
whoops u got me
pretty fair. if the window was down and he was reaching in i think it's a good shoot. if window up maybe not. my theory (1/2)
i'm pretty sure the window was up. i'm pretty sure she thought the window was down. she was wrong.
how i'm your mother but you my father ???
don't ask questions , just know it's either you in a relationship w/ me or u in a cemetery
i don't remember the movies but i'm watching as part of a promise to give new shows a chance.
first one is awesome, one of the best buddy cop films ever. jmo i like clayne crawford, but not interested in this.
can someone help me- where can i fix a broken phone screen for the low
and let me know, cause it's about that time
sometimes you put together an article that you just feel really proud of.
i want to know what happened next
i been waiting for to come back on since
the last time it was on
when is it over ?
the 25th is the last day
i started college 10 years ago so all my fb memories are pics of me wearing ill-advised hats and testing the limits of my alcohol tolerance.
case in point:
this is what you get if you vote for trump
__be sure to google = tanya weyker sues sheriff dave clarke. she was awarded $250,000 as that was the cap.
people love having idea of doing what ever they want, time to start arresting people for violence, assault, etc.
are we or are we not a nation of laws, respect to others, not anarchists, and arsonists.
. the car won't even be in the ad - will be all about the network and cost per mile
you wouldn't pay more for a date night in a rolls or corvette than a prius?
i was working today
aah. well you know you're on our minds and in our hearts.
i showed my friends at the comic book store ur cosplays, u two are ruining even more lives
how am i ruining lives i just wanna smooch my dickie bird
but like typical [], 23 minutes and 8262 different story lines going.
because one isn't enough
group therapy today was a little weird and heavy bc ive never opened up so much with strangers that i go to school with
and it hit me pretty hard how many ppl around me i connect with and how many of them are having just as hard as a time as i am
this baby. her real name is callie. i'm entirely and hopelessly in love with her
is her name ella or bella?
for $3b let's put the current ehr system on a spacex rocket and come up with something better from scratch.
amen! i am continually astonished at how broken this whole field is.
cutting fleener for pitta is sad but totally reasonable
okay thanks. &amp; in a 12 team standard, someone dropped thomas rawls.. would...
trump needs moar campaign money, send lol
you can't even spell more correctly..and you want to be taken seriously..lol..
freddie freeman singles. and terry collins back out for another pitching change. 2 on, 1 out. 3, 2, top 8
3 words: pace. of. play.
so they say
like i told you sucka you can lie to us but cmon don't...
freddie freeman singles. and terry collins back out for another pitching change. 2 on, 1 out. 3, 2, top 8
terry collins fucking around again, what a shocker and its going to cost us the game!
happy birthday to my boy miss you dude. hope it's as lit as a marine birthday can be
thanks guy can't wait to get lit soon
lol no bloodline but it happened in stranger things too omg
yeah white kids on tv b crazy
is that the taser went off first and female officer thought it was gunfire and got a little too startled. i could be wrong.
i don't know. but i suspect the taser went off because the gun went off. or they both saw the same threat. it's possible.
freddie freeman singles. and terry collins back out for another pitching change. 2 on, 1 out. 3, 2, top 8
are you getting that queasy feeling yet
if i get my tickets b4 you i'll let know the information
ok thanks !! i'll do the same !!
i don't disagree with this move cause freeman has great numbers against familia
collins is a moron, reed should have stayed in
booom that micachu/mica levi vibe for the people
yessssssssss
terry collins has bungled this 8th inning. should've never brought in smoker, despite getting weak contact.
just atrocious managing from terry collins here. reed is the guy and he's proven it time and time again
clinton asks why she isn't beating trump by 50 points
because we fucking hate you
stoked about react router v4 modal routes. co-worker brought up a good point, you may not always want to store modal routes in history
solution: replace that router history with the target route. problem solved, and now i have much cleaner reducers that dont care about ui
median rent in san francisco is ~$46k a year.
that's not food, utilities, phone bill, transit, nada. just rent.
what's up with the kibana dashboards? would love to get more details what you're doing there :)
happy to chat after javaone :). we love your product and decided to integrate tightly with you
i don't disagree with this move cause freeman has great numbers against familia
mets will lose this game now mark my words
it was the first frank white - author, 'the overview effect' saw the planet hanging in space like that and it was profound.
seeing the whole earth from millions of miles away undoubtedly gives you a unique perspective on human.
like i told you sucka you can lie to us but cmon don't...
but thanks for unblocking me
i'll ship you with waluiiiigi *bep* take 2: i'll ship you with one of those chinese cartoons that you like
first *laughs* second i don't like anime cough pervs cough cough
oh right, i still need to see that
literally my number two of all time, funniest kino ever made
as usual papa yg always troll
true ! im sick of him
i though that's what team rocket was for
they're busy being stuck with bewear at the moment.
terry collins going the unorthodox bullpen route tonight: addison reed to josh smoker to jeurys familia for five outs.
unorthodox is literally the kindest word possible in this situation
my yoga instructor used the phrase "feel that yummy stretch," and it made my skin crawl. i hated it.
now hold that moist, yummy, scab-eating, white-bordered pose
okay is a pretty cool. tells me more about food than i ever wanted to know
you may also like the usda food database. i've found it to be invaluable.
oh shoot, due to mechanical issues, tours of the fleet of the future are being pushed further into the future.
later than 2017 now?
we so desperately need to move away from producing media that reproduces violence on screen.
1. because media functions as its own reproductive technology. when violence is produced on screen, it's reproduced in the physical as well.
same old story. boy meets girl, and she falls so much harder than him.
lol what are you watching.
it's such a beautiful song i love it and you both
it is such a beautiful song
it's unlikely gary will be this good ongoing but he has the potential and skill to be not far off from this
i live with the knowledge that i love his sweet face and swing
to my bestie who got me hooked on twitter...you'll always be my
should i follow her...??
upset cause y'all look too good!!!!
ohhh!! wait hold on i got this *seductive smirk* hi
the tesser pie is my favorite pizza i've ever had
the crust ...
does this mean will be leaving ww? will you still be writing?
nicola was intended for the year one arc, which ends after part 6.
holy crap i just bought renters insurance in less than 2 minutes...and actually enjoyed it
ummmmmm remember when we found out he didn't have it?!?!
building small things alone is easy building big things with many people is hard
building small things with many people is the hardest of all!
. the car itself will be inconsequential. maybe the auto companies will switch to a monthly fee model for x# miles on their network
it's about the car, the fleet, and the service. get the sports car one night, the family traveler with kids the next.
dom is lying. while you were away, he posted a patch for radar://15000000
does that me he also finished rdar://22222222 ?
jeurys familia will bid for a five-out save.
how do you take your best relief pitch all season out in that spot, this game is over mark my words
one could say players have bungled this series and they shouldn't be on the brink here, but still. questionable bullpen management.
extremely questionable. the so-far-so-good pace of play tonight goes bye bye
having been in the networking industry for 4yrs now, there is a wide gap between academia and industry (&amp; sdos)
top networking conferences typically accept papers year-over-year from the same set of research groups.
my grandma told me to make my own dinner cause she tight. i cook better anyway, nasty ol food
mittens cook better than all y'all
throats feeling kinda dodgy, so gonna take some aspirin and hit the bed. g'night folks. clear skies and tailwinds...
good night. hope you feel better in the morning.
i don't want to go to breakfast at his house.
the humble english muffin of data, with its numerous nooks and crannies to hold butter, would have worked better.
as i said, he will simply condemn them to eternal damnation
thats so nice to hear
and? i'm not unaware of the problems of the bay area.
i'm sure a big portion of it is just strategy, but also think about all the people with a "high" income that are contractors.
where is obama tonight? his legacy is unfolding tonight in charlotte.
golfing? campaigning for hrc 2 of 5 days per week? disgusting.
6 inch - beyonc ft. the weeknd ()
oh my god i recognize it now! my sister showed me this on my birthday!
do it then.
lol ight i'll txt them too you
creeping up on that 1m sheeesh
yo idk if anyones told you but u cant hear who your playing with in your videos lately
i'm glad she's bringing it to wider attention, though. being aware is the first step in combatting it within ourselves
not if people keep shaking their grandpa simpson fist at it instead of informing themselves!
i wish scientists cared as much about communicating science directly to the public as they do about vanquishing hype from press releases.
i agree with this sentiment, but i find that such a large fraction of the public lacks interest. :-( need to change culture.
roginsky, hegseth debate the divide in the black community
a lot missing from both points of view of you and kennedy. generally one officer has a taser in the other is ready with gun
ofc it would be you bro
broo i swear i thought i was right
6 inch - beyonc ft. the weeknd ()
i love you so so so much this is such a beautiful song and you are such a beautiful person
so far -- you're the only one who asked for this... so maybe not. the crooner.
i think tom has a lovely voice
happy birthday pretty!!
thanks doll!!!
i'm sure a big portion of it is just strategy, but also think about all the people with a "high" income that are contractors.
now all your insurance is out of pocket, as well as quarterly taxes.
i think i look awful but my jason is pretty hot
ahhh no look how cute my dickie is. far better then me &gt;~~
nonsense! you made a generalization: not all black men are vilified and not all white rapists are celebrated.
needn't be all for overwhelming trend to be true. yay statistical probability!
.'s orlando, fl rally crowd size: "about 300"
what is it you are compensating for with all this size matters stuff? must be a small penis. no doubt.
feel like i'm gonna throw up
drink some water and sit down in a comfy chair
a favorite book too!
ya! reading takes their mind off the scary chair.they move &amp; scare me too
well, is a nice person. i don't suffer fools in my follows.
just seeing this all now. yes! i can only see one side, haha! (no follow pressure, btw, totally understand!)
now that my wife is a teacher i understand that my teachers never wanted scented candles &amp; giftcards. they wanted jagermeister &amp; maalox.
fridays at the bar w teachers was something else. gave artists a run for their money.
got to and rate me and enjoy my porn
wow!!!! great pic
good luck with that and why is that?
you'll find out
opb covered it, he can ask himself questions
i expect to see a prosecutor feeding frenzy when he steps up there.
strong development system, freaky genetics, passion of a nation
only way my usa eagles ever get on par is2 convert gridiron ppl
no look at freeman numbers against reed and familia
he hits anybody who wears a mets uniform, gotta stick with reed there imo
can you name the species of jelly?
agar agar? i only know you can create translucent wrappers from? treasures.
jesus sheep do not listen to or follow strangers. [john 10:5]
amen sister! but will flee from him, for they do not know the voice of strangers." john 10:5b
you guys are freaking twins omg
thanks girl!! miss yewwww
omg i assumed emoji was a lion with a crown but it's a cookie with a crown! amazing
that is excellent and correct.
my coworker came in today and gave me a gift because he said im an amazing friend and he wanted me to know his appr...
i teared up, it was so nice to be told im appreciated... i love the little things so much... thank you hamish!!
blackish is at disney tonight!
(it's on right now.)
i love the acting in rohmer movies across the board. riviere, clever, romand...
...some of the dudes too!
oh so right. i met them a couple of times/cannot place the years.
wait and what ever happened to this
hey!! how r u ladies ?
holly i need sleep.so tired! not used to being back in school
even more cause he cheating and lying, but brad's never lost his social standing, jesus help me!
all day everyone is making fun and saying "karma" to angelina....it pisses me off...
limbaugh: riots the new normal under first black president...
he needs to cut the bull shit. was the 60's 70's fault too. unbelievable but u still spread &amp; repeat this bs.
for all conditions! 10% off orders $75+ sitewide at medicalsupplydepot with , ends 9/22! ~take 15% off...
(cont) take 15% off orders $175+ shipping on orders $99+ with code
it wasn't terrible.
don't care much for damon wayans these days. the actress playing trish, has been busy, also played jc's wife in oj series
there is simply nowhere to hide at tribal council. i never lose track of the fact that for someone it is a million dollar moment.
sometimes i wonder.." have u ever watched survivor?"
similar feelings of confusion and intrigue were inspired by this:
i love this channel. so satisfying. it has its own subreddit and everything.
run it through noiseless on the mac and you're set!
i need an ios workflow! get on that
bewear capture's it's self for jessie xd
lmfao that would be hilarious
youre learning from your buddhist prof!!
yeee and got a b on it fucks with me
ah i see. maybe they're using it differently? idk. i do follow select news outlets there.
i hope so, but idk. my facebook feed is ppl i know, or knew, and it's generally a mess.
glad you liked it; i did too. here's to hoping the rest of the season is as captivating.
i also like the good place. has lots of whimsy.
!!!!! please please share with us when we get back. rad fate magazine!!!!:) love you miss you
ughh miss u guys soooo much say hii to beelzebub! larry too
an experiment in bot-2-bot communication. in beta, looking for feedback.
this would be an awesome hackathon idea. single elimination tournament judged on quality of bot conversation.
i'm glad she's bringing it to wider attention, though. being aware is the first step in combatting it within ourselves
and for someone who heads an org like emily's list to apparently not have done so is especially troubling to me
mysterious boom rattles new yorkers...
was sonic boom from fighter jet
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . nyehehe
.,. papayurs is that u
this is so extra
y did they get arrested for anyways
nope. books, too. announced by official scorer, in box score already.
-just saw the espn crew for the sox game- glad to see woogie has a career
out of all the places, why ur eye
cuz that's where i wanna be stabbed
yes i can see that
same rules for ads in smartphones. iphone runs ads, verizon runs ads, but midtier android oems don't really. still sell plenty
terrific effort and win for my hard working pals and the fellas over post
thanks for coming coach!
donna i'm dying in this heat wave. chicago in winter sounds appealing right now doesnt it?
exactly! we are never happy with the weather &amp; complain!
kids love fights
hey was this vs. brent johnson?
"i'm going to move to new york &amp; i'm going to starve to death &amp; that's going to make me an artist."
i had a roommate who wanted that but in la
1. because media functions as its own reproductive technology. when violence is produced on screen, it's reproduced in the physical as well.
2. b/c we critically need media that produces an otherwise way of seeing, being, and moving through the world. to produce transformation.
holy shit!!!
ayeeeeeeeeee, nothing but love for ya
among other things, this is an example of $$ cycling through multiple charities before reaching a cause.
deplorable!
liberals resort to violence in the wake of violence, they say.vietnam iraq 1 iraq 2. tell me more about liberals, though
i think you misunderstood my point. chicken hawks fought violence (with war as the vehicle) with violence
i nevee hear to any metal frontman sing usa hymn, joey belladonna done pretty well bro
agree did nice job i also heard eddie vedder do it twice he's a big cubs fan
this is less fun though. $60 for one boring knife? kids like colors!
i'll put some colored tape on the handle how 'bout that?
dave has a weak offering. i can express some tim tams over today for those socks.
and you haven't even seen the best bit
artist spotlight: yanjun cheng via...
those colors!
it's easier to make a video on this than to tweet about it.
yeah i'm getting that lag to i had to restart my xbox one it's also happening to the xbox 306
why do so many self-proclaimed male feminists have foot fetishes???
because being horny is illegal
everything is possible with god. :)
wait... so your saying bill is god ?
seeing the whole earth from millions of miles away undoubtedly gives you a unique perspective on human.
'the overview effect', the experience of seeing earth as a whole has a profound impact on an astronaut's view of the planet...
ahhhhhhh!!!! &lt;3
thank you thank you /)&gt;\\\\w////(\
it was almost impossible to be part of the skating community in the 80s as a woman. you could date a skater but try...
it makes me really happy to see stuff like this. as opposed to the "ugh millennials quit doing our thing" b.s reaction from so many elders
i'm convinced this is holtz, fight me
also totally holtz
i dont have a sister &amp; im gay
i'm gay too but that doesn't mean i can't empathize. he savagely stole something the victim can never get back
ummmmmm remember when we found out he didn't have it?!?!
hahaha i almost mentioned you in that tweet
that being said, i miss building big things with you!
ditto! fond memories of the rough and tumbling times
sadly yes he was talking about being king and the rest was a lot of tongue and half words
oh lord .. i see what type of season this is
looking for a product designer *and* a presentation designer who loves/is amazing with type for a sweet gig ;)
ok mostly come work w mex
writing in my in-laws' basement. husband just texted to ask if i saw anyone come downstairs. "like your mom?" "no, like an intruder."
i am concerned for your safety...
hey was this vs. brent johnson?
probably not, rick never got back up :) :)
we soo love you back sis
love u ladies
why aren't u home i'm over here yelling at the tv
i'm at sashas i couldn't make it there in time to see it
top networking conferences typically accept papers year-over-year from the same set of research groups.
lot of papers solve problems that have little practical relevance. and yes, pc has very little industry represetatn
airbnb uses over 40 subsidiaries to evade taxes. local governments in the us &amp; across the globe could lose millions.
how many countries are they in?
blessed that i finished my sociology major in december 2015, before trump's campaign started going somewhere
at the same time i love the irony that trump hates the elitism of academia yet he's def the topic in academic discourse right now
i've never seen the wire
the wire is like chitty chitty bang bang but in baltimore with drug crime
arrived alone, but spending the evening with friends.
this is glorious, katharine
using reward charts &amp; stickers can be motivating and very beneficial in the potty training process.
we love putting jelly beans in a jar for a big prize
double steal. two in scoring position with one out. 3, 2, top 8
braves make me cry at night
gotta go visit you so we can reminisce :')
onion bug im screaming
my boyfriend brought me a cannoli and like i'm so happy
this is fucking adorable ellie
happy birthday cuz i love you so much &amp; hope you have a turnt / awesome birthday ! we need to celebrate soon
thanks cousin! love you so much! and yes! well go out soon, promise
like this post and i'll write a compliment about you
you are so beautiful! and a bad ass bitch
reed effectively retired all three batters he faced easily. no reason to pull him against freeman.
there is absolutely no explaining what terry has done here
wow, what a view. what a sunset. thanks for the upgrade
mr. purple is a great bar with an unreal view!
yankee fans don't care about the mets.
they did last fall
"pointing index" is my goto emoji when someone doesn't respond to a text(used mainly on unresponsive teens after 15-minutes have passed)
what's the most consecutive s you've sent before getting a response
next time i hear terry collins is a good manager, i'm just pointing to this inning
and i'll point to you wondering why cabrera plays every day
you have such an amazing beautiful body i'm jelly
dude i wish! but thank you
i want to watch a scary movie
tha new blair witch movie is pretty gewd
happy birthday darius!
thank you tyler!!!
osp beckert:saidhe didn't see shooting but learned man dead was lavoy finicum &amp; he'd been fatally shot by law enforcement
prosecution witness, right? so prosecution is bringing it up first, to present as though nothing to hide?
we have a to keep the peace in this dangerous world
after 8 years' lies, obstruction &amp; the most days not in session/least accomplishments in history, gop has no credibility!
confirmed: trump campaign is controlling every word of prominent cnn commentator - the -
no shit sherlock !
hahaha i almost mentioned you in that tweet
have you not had it still until now?!
blogger's meetup is going great with and
where are guys now?
me and you honestly
g so truuu!!!
both of you disappoint me and one of you guys is new jesus.....
xd he is shipping me
thought about the homie shawty lo all day damm that's krazy how one day you here the next day you gone rip lo
sad day for the souf !
'the overview effect', the experience of seeing earth as a whole has a profound impact on an astronaut's view of the planet...
...and humankind's place within the planet.
chaos erupts in charlotte in wake of police-involved shooting.
obama built this!
loves knives
love the show keep up the good work
wisconsin - another key state where hillary's large lead has all but disappeared. via
who r u guys booking to say "nigger" on stage at trump rally tmrw?
eric decker when he was a bronco!
what a stud
there is absolutely no explaining what terry has done here
but is there ever?
these photos are the best thing i've ever seen in my entire life
oh gosh i donno about that
yes! &amp;jim baker! it's not their faults! they're just men! the women around them are to blame, somehow they failed
some thing's never change....
live on : with juno &amp; kate
look what's god made!
sid espinosa we're exhilarated to have you all as speakers tonight at public...
we are thrilled to be here!
they did last fall
btw the sanchez thing is amazing and fun to watch. just don't think you should get roy for 2 months of baseball.
cnn pr team is steadfastly avoiding questions on this too.
this is a conflict of interest. no journalistic credibility.
i got asked today if i thought i was little miss perfect.
why? because i said i wouldn't allow myself to get less than a b- on a paper i had written. i know my worth as a writer so i know when
i'm there. i get off work at 8pm that night :d
perfect cause it starts at 8:30 and you are welcome to stay over.
i've never before felt so much on display - i was so conscious that i'd be the centre of attention all day, and i felt i had to be flawless
we eloped w just our parents bc we felt exactly the same way!
i'm not even scared for this finale i've already accepted disappointment
nicole wore the tablecloth lmao
a cnn journalist was just attacked on live tv.
all media should leave and not give the protesters a platform to inflame others.
don't care much for damon wayans these days. the actress playing trish, has been busy, also played jc's wife in oj series
beat out golden brooks for the role. who i hear announced she had the role prematurely on sm.
not really teflon but more of the media not covering his numerous scandals. it's like they have a short attention span.
i am so grateful tv season has started. less trump on my tv. really enjoyed the good place, and this is us.
can't wait to see them in the wild "nike confirm self-lacing shoes will hit stores this year"
i will find some dumb way to fuck em up
like this post and i'll write a compliment about you
you're beautiful (bc we're related and i'm beautiful) and funny as fuck hahaha i miss you
i hate getting notifications on fb that someone's live idc who's live lmfaooo
this don't make sense
not a bad idea at all. i need one of them to die first though.
guns are cheap
so many parts of that class hurt me
its honestly painful
they didn't even pick good things from pittsburgh. this list is horrendous.
sounds like philly is better at making lists.
nicole wore the tablecloth lmao
also i love and miss meech
flying under the radar can be a useful skill.
i'm working very hard at it
i don't know any of those words
chitty chitty bang bang is like oh never mind
6 inch - beyonc ft. the weeknd ()
okay this is such a yes this song is so me omg ily
$600 deep in the er vet tonight. eve is having her xray done. i am sitting here freaking out.
hugs and well wishes to you both.
male feminists got a lot of fucking issues tbh
mine are all published under the marvel label as "the punisher max"
i wanna puke on every girl with a monogram sticker on her car
ew never seen this but regardless basic af
shut up girl you know you want to love your body as much as i love it so love it , love you enjoy shopping
love you always
only i would find this email funny
launching chrome just to use the damn hangouts extension to chat... *smh* native apps all day.
lot of papers solve problems that have little practical relevance. and yes, pc has very little industry represetatn
of course, industry &lt;-&gt; academia collaboration has to improve. i'd like to see grad students come to ietf/irtf
but not really lmfaoooooo
let me chill and finish my hw like the child of god that i am
--- seriously? she gave a voice. give my regards to everyone who gave their life for this country.
- and let me be clear, used to be someone i valued, no more though. . good run, indeed!
a guy yelled "chellakutty" at me today, on the road. i thought maybe it was for someone else but he made sure to circle and offer his help-
don't you miss the catcalling douche from times square?
has nyc put in place any drone restrictions? i know dc can be a bit tricky...
casey is good where he flies his drone, you can't be in the 5 mile radius of any airport.
wip of tail. let me know if you want any adjustments otherwise i will finish it by this weekend :)
i love it!!!!
i'm horrified by what i'm seeing on right now. hoping all of my friends who live in and report in charlotte are safe.
what are the facts behind the shooting?
and do we know if susan (paul's daughter) is a baby?
no she's got to be like in her mid 20s
i have an astronomy test this week. i do not have time for brangelina to break up
nothing has every related to me so well. i have my astronomy test friday. send me luck
kickoff this week to next 10 years expected to start with expected ratification of 2.5gbe/5gbe base-t std.
hey remmber we started less than 2 years ago cfi
ready when u all are
i am ready chaps
trump campaign alone (aug): $41m raised; $30m spent; $50m coh. clinton campaign alone (aug): $59m raised; $49m spent; $68m coh.
find the other money he hasn't spent. likely paying his own businesses with it and should be taken to court
too perfect
it's like the "where's waldo game!"
don't try to act innocent your a little sh*t sometimes boi.....jesus i need to get your uncle
i am her uncle skulls!
favorite non-tech quote from 's rest security talk: more people don't give talks because "most people are afraid to show ignorance"
great to hear that resonated :). there a lot of people who have so much to share and really should :)
damn i'm really taking 5 classes and working two jobs . hope i making out alive
if it was easy, everyone would be doing it. stay up kid, you doing good for yourself
naw she gonna kill anika for us
she ain't killing no one. she tried that shit with luscious before
dad worked 20+ years as an sf homicide inspector &amp; bros are sfpd.&amp; i'll just say most have no idea what's it's like &amp; be thnxful you don't
i hear that
the leader of group therapy today at school gave us this and i thought i'd share with anyone who wants/needs this..
i just finished writing about and idk if i feel better or worse... :(
i eat so much guac i swear i'm gonna turn into a fuckin avocado one of these days
and you thought girls couldn't get enough of you now.....
then let's be real clear on why you're doing it: 1.) you're racist 2.) you value the flag more than you value women.
no one's going to boycott. these lying yahoos won't go more than 10 minutes without satisfying their blood lust.
terry will be fired. i've never been seen something so stupid in baseball
dude over manages its disgusting
"samsung unveils crazy-fast 960 pro and 960 evo m.2 nvme ssds" [ ]
nvme is amazing. i replaced my ssd with the intel 750 and from post to useable desktop takes 7 seconds.
this december .
*in deep southern accent* hell....it's about time. (if that's hard to imagine this yt video will help )
yeah. pretty much. read it carefully and think.
"true but incorrect" right. not confusing at all
i keep seeing that gavel as a pistol in sketches. expecting it to go "pew pew"
i think it was a hatchet at one point
season 6 of the walking dead is on netflix meaning i'm not getting any sleep tonight.
but you need sleep tho..
are you referring to the undocumented shoppers?
no, this are documented thugs, sponsored by government welfare, all had fingerprints taken before and runnin with the law,
then let's be real clear on why you're doing it: 1.) you're racist 2.) you value the flag more than you value women.
(your point still stands of course. the fact that they make this noise over this issue but not dv proves it.)
point is particularly cogent. countries w highest radicalization rates per muslim population are french-speaking.
india is a country that saudi arabia has invested heavily into, yet remarkably low radicalization. so it's a tiresome and lazy platitude.
a sentiment that unites americans across the political spectrum
oh yes it can't come soon enough &amp; becoming potus &amp; not have to deal with trump again!
according to reports mark davis committed and resolute about moving club to las vegas.
if it needs to happen i'm with the league to kick him out and keep the raiders in oakland.
me everyday
this is why we need each other during workouts, to motivate each other
thank all 1,973 of you for making this happen in under 4 hours. just a little relief for them during this unbelieva...
done. ty for tweet
james loney is tied for 4th among mlb 1st baseman in errors with 8 despite playing just 750 innings.
almost 3x as many as duda had last year in 130 games
i take 3mg tablets and read a book and usually zonk right out after 20 min
finally an answer from a doctor
welcome to town, tina! will you be at demo day tomorrow?
sadly no :( just landed in sf.
had to post it
nah i just remembered the height difference. ian compared me and john today and i didn't realize john was a giant till now
this can lead to strange jumps in accuracy if an app updates their ui at a specific time.
. that sounds a lot like how google's location services works. i really need to get an iphone with 2 or 3gb ram for multitasking.
i take 3mg tablets and read a book and usually zonk right out after 20 min
do you take it every night?
i am 100% californian (duh) // quiz: can you answer 13 questions that every californian should get
ditto, tho the spelling was horrible
i'm making my 155lb debut at the goodfight new york winter open, december 3rd! i'm coming for heads.
best of luck brother
according to sen kirk pres obama gave approx 800,000 of these (the real ones) to iran 4 ransom payment for 4 americ...
shame on you, senator
okay. what's going on in charlotte right now is frightening af.
just checked the news after seeing your tweet will this ever end? we're watching a horrible live-action groundhog day.
if any self absorbed, egocentric, narcissistic, orange haired asshole should be running for president, it should be me!!
just seen all the protestors in newyork too :-(
dr. john patrick, author of "health attitude: unraveling and solving the complexities of healthcare" joins us now on the
check out my review of john patrick's new book on internet voting
what is that?
brad's genius idea to replace fema trailers with those post katrina.
the starts in two days
would love visit, write about and photograph.
will he be open tmm tho ?
yea my man. support him !
not an ism, stop evading. if aren't racists, they must accept 1 police shooting of a poc as legit. a fair point.
i think a more important question is do you accept that any of these cop shootings are not legitimate? hmm?
cab in bike lane. complaint filed
i love tlc vanity plates, btw
you wrote those frankencastle ones right?
frankencastle is what i call my penis now
visitors are in sections 13, 114, 115, 116, 117, 118, and 119.
thanks. nd ticket office was super helpful in getting us seats nearby.
hopping on 's bandwagon! like this for a song that reminds me of you
preferably mutuals since i know you personally
john patrick on 'health attitude': on the next line one we'll dive into a discussion on the cultural and...
check out my review of john patrick's new book on internet voting
how tall are you? (girls only)
according to biggie i'm 6'5"
madness in the streets!
that happened to me. i had to delete the twitter account in system settings and add it again
girls v. volleyball defeat 3-0 in action moving to 6-1
girls v. volleyball defeat shaker high school 3-0 in action today
gilinsky accidentally stole a sweatshirt at an airport
ya i know now i watch a video just now but thx anyways
nobody gives a fuck about me so why should i keep opening up my arms to people
with open arms, lovingly forgive with meaning! release your lesson. future desire-balance, it in the now. live happy
no, this are documented thugs, sponsored by government welfare, all had fingerprints taken before and runnin with the law,
so its they are going after now.
matt moore looks for his 3rd consecutive win tonight.
i'm not watching, but go get them
the only "team" we acquired was given to us, gs took an entire team so what gives ?
we didn't take a team, dragon. a team decided to leave phoenix.
who do you want to win ?
fingers crossed for paul !!
beat out golden brooks for the role. who i hear announced she had the role prematurely on sm.
face got cracked, when keisha got the part.
. aids=people died because of a fear of homosexuality
thanks for reaching out. it's obviously an imperfect comparison. and hard for me to give full context in one, one-line quote.
when your seeing kanye and chance live in approximately one week
correction: you're
yo! cnn reporter ed lavandera slammed on live tv. wow.
but, but, i was on your side....
she stay thinking somebody's trying to poison her or some
yesssssss
thx so much for ur taking the time to share ur feedback w/us. pls try to delete &amp; re-install the app.
this is from installing on my brand new phone.
dr john patrick-attitude llc &amp; former vp internet technology-ibm, -we dont need one payer we need one standard
check out my review of john patrick's new book on internet voting
our apologies for any internet issues, jim. have you attempted resetting the modem to see if your conne...
yes i have. didn't work. i was told by customer service it was an outage. 2...hours...ago...
like this post and i'll write a compliment about you
you are a beautiful woman and i'm lucky to have you in my life. you give the best advice! i miss you so much
. on : blues take 1 monday night blues!!! new opening let me know what you think?
yeah that would be cool if you play that monday night
it's twitter, sweetheart. if the best argument you have is that, i fear for the intelligence you believe yourself to possess.
i have nothing to prove to you "my dear". you know nothing about me nor do i want you to. please, carry on with your little life.
...and humankind's place within the planet.
watch the over from planet collective - a perspective from outer space
hoping the absolute best for you cosmo boys &amp; girls. there's no way they'll allow your club to fail, that would be a travesty!
hope so man, really do! hope all is well down there in orlando man.
slowly giving away all of my possessions. i wonder if that's a sign of depression.
that's what they say. when i hit a low i have a tendency of being generous. it's dumb
same thing happen to me lol
omg lmao the worstttt
hahaha, you're still not done being a desperate, race-obsessed, racist hypocrite?
both of your
i wonder how much valium trump will take before the debate.
i also think he lies about kids not drinking or drugs. i think they do a lot
ok tweeps: it's prime twitterer's question time: if you could what would it be? pls answer in the hashtag!
# what are you going to tell all the white people now admit obama is born american
it's that time of year again where the weather is more temperamental than relationships in middle school
you're a relationship in middle school
white girls
po' up a four of that psl
at that point you as well just follow larry ii
was doing picks tonight and wasnt at office today or else i wouldve been in the market for larry ii's picks
thanks to everyone who tweed about how good this is us is. just watched it, and it totally lived up your hype.
we are apparently living the same night.
def gassing it
never knew u was a hater
matt kemp sac fly. that's a blown save for jeurys familia. 3, 3, top 8
well in my records thats another idiotic move for collins
u smell nice that's why, expensive smell
i think he was a pedophile and thought i was 12
???? what about me wtf
true. disregard the earlier tweet the only girl a guy needs is his mom
don't tell anyone but he gave me some artifact power
i so want to do that with my artifact murloc motions towards your sword *hands over frostmourne* "what's the worst that can happen?
once again blown away by and his electric-guitar-playing son-wonder, gibson malone
love the music of !
okay but aidy turning around for the camera is the best thing
i didn't even notice that till now lol
so wait , ur a travel agent?!?
yes! i am.why?
watch &amp; chat with me live. let's talk disney, ask me anything,...
u aren't watching the big brother finale !!??
what's today's special burger?
bacon, jack cheese, roasted red pepper aioli, red onion, dijon, arugula, and a pickle! it's great.
most people know jews oppose trump because of his bigotry. this anti-semitic jill stein supporter, however, has a s...
-jews are highly educated as a group, highly educated people tend to reject trump for very obvious reasons.
really looking forward to this!
would love to be going to this, the talk i attended at was great!
the real question. which loa record is better?
river runs red is the goat but ugly is just as good!!!!!!!!!
that's what they say. when i hit a low i have a tendency of being generous. it's dumb
but you spend all that time and effort hunting those things down. why just give them away
officers on bikes is such a good idea. enables them to immediately engage w/ their community and use all their sens...
i could give a dozen distracted driving tickets a day, easy.
thanks fadia and kristy! i just like how he says it together, but i appreciate whoever gave him the inspiration!
assuming is the one sting it right?
lmao you saw that too?
see i saw that on twitter earlier but now i just saw it irl
i don't have a reply here i'm just thinking of gold-mining elves, just imagining them, it's great.
they subsist on pastries that they buy off elf-maidens at the middle earth inn
very pleased to announce that i will be the starting roam for the vainglory team this autumn season!
beat of luck, pajama! work hard and then the best attitude into the best results
i'm convinced one of these girls if not multiple did some kinda voodoo on me. i'm still alive tho so it's all good
i feel u on that lol
honestly? as depressing as this news is, i'm going to go down with this sinking ship on a smile on my face (if this is to be our fate)
i'll always like nasl's model better, i'll always hate single entity, i'll always believe in what this league tried to do. fuuuuuuuck it.
or they could help the homeless search for a job so they did not need welfare.
where in the world do u live where the wages the average man is paid can purchase both milk and honey?
why? because i said i wouldn't allow myself to get less than a b- on a paper i had written. i know my worth as a writer so i know when
a paper i write is good and when it's bad.i can say "look this paper i wrote isn't great, it's not my style" so yes i am little miss perfect
wait not only is terminal 5 not in bk (like i thought) it's near lincoln center? whaa
haaaaay i went there today it was palatial
same thing happen to me lol
i thought it would make it easier to talk about but he doesn't know that i know that he knows so now i'm just like
man i've been struggling all day trying to figure out where this country is going. i feel a little lost as parent and community leader.
pray first, then ask god for understanding, and he will make ur path straight!
facts from the officer-involved shooting investigation:
can you confirm one person was shot tonight in the protests?
hahaha, you're still not done being a desperate, race-obsessed, racist hypocrite?
why don't both of you go f*ck yourselves? or each other
if they keep this up i just might admit to being a foxcoon &amp; expose my other side &gt;.&gt;
reveal thy hybrid self
i know isn't jason great?! /)*^*(\
babe you're making me blush shush .///.
sending you all this with a look of concern for your lease negotiations:
drake's "still here."
this is not going to end well.
this could be a relevant right?
thanks for all the happy birthday wishes, you guys. getting old kinda sucks, but this makes it better. and hey, 69's the new 68!
hey. i forgot to wish you happy returns. so, happy returns on the day. pass it along to on friday.
so fuck off!
oh yea she gave him a career but most likely just killed it
nah yo you actually have to
i'm preparing them now i just want them to be up to standard
thanks brotha lets chill soon what you up to this weekend
workin than skate park than let's chill broo!! hmu when yah free this weekend we'll plan somthing
too bad duda isn't for the mets
tell me more about good defensive first baseman james loney
after his yaf lecture at yale, signed books and met with students.
real name ben ami, you represent all of our views.
(but seriously, i have no idea exactly who or what you think i am. russian agent? supporting who?)
fakes like this are typical of russia's massive disinformation apparatus used to project power by misinforming
kid favorable compared us to american football and i'm like yo is over there y'aint charmin my ass w that shit
find him i will date him/her immediately
what a busy weekend! mothman was a blast, after my talk i got pics taken by a paper and even signed autographs!
that is awesome! you deserve it all
rt : was an overwhelming success!
thanks for the great conference!!!!
a paper i write is good and when it's bad.i can say "look this paper i wrote isn't great, it's not my style" so yes i am little miss perfect
because i know what i'm good at and what i deserve. not only in assignments but in general.
google google spotify it's complicated google google
yeah so weird that google would feature prominently in search
nicole should have worn this kitty outfit instead tonight.
would have been more respectable to be honest
already and terry's putting him in for a 5-out save to get out of a mess he created.
and of course, for the 2nd night in a row, matt kemp ties the game up for the braves on a sac fly. sigh.
steve kerr was eloquent as usual on the topic of kaepernick and protests. look for more on this from
he and his family are the epitome of living their values. their work during the armenian genocide is pure bravery
guys i think we found haven lmfaoo
their food hitting ?
this entire inning can go to hell
terry 'micro manage' collins
lol ily but don't get fired!
haha i would never! btw you gotta workout at my gym. i got you with a day pass boo
no child should ever have to grow up in poverty, yet far too many do. we have to do better. here's how:
. these are responsible for the chaosdisorder...
we can notify management of your concerns. please email me details to kp-member-services.org attn: crystal.
i will! thanks.
this claim has been proven to be wrong, jeff. fire suppression, bark beetles &amp; tree mortality don't make bigger fires. 1/2
not per fire scientist pepe iniguez , fighting more forest fires will come back to burn us
this is not going to end well.
this could be relevant i suppose..
q3: do you plan on attending our conf in april? if you're not, it's ok! we can still be friends :) if not, what's stopping you?
a3: yup, barring conflicts
the situations in tulsa and charlotte are tragic. we must come together to make america safe again.
amen to that
what are you having issues with? i'm loving this update everything so smooth on my end.
same. notifs are just different ui slightly, but so much more functionality. switching to specific folder in mail = pain
the one print that i will absitively posolutely have at
i think that's a bit of an insult to the joker, vader, and apocalypse.they're not shitgibbons
lmao i constantly text soulja &amp; lil b they old lyrics as if they don't remember when they said it
spongebob square pants comes strap with the heater imma pussy eater
lido you said agents of shield was ok, what didnt you like about it?
mainly because it's connection to the films meant they couldn't adapt any of the more interesting &amp; worthwhile marvel stuff
for a second night, protests over a deadly officer-involved shooting in charlotte, nc, turn violent. watch cnn:
where do you get off calling a riot a protest? ppl are being hospitalized &amp; shot by looters over misconceptions reported by the msm!
it's not even about how much he respects women it's literally all about love
devine feminine is a form of worship to women. after saying so many disrespectful things i feel it's very hypocritical
jesus christ. weiner went from a funny punchline to an actual threat very quickly.
very much so... wife got out quick enough not to lose her clinton cabinet position
ah, gotcha. netflix really has some great stuff. have you checked out stranger things?
i'm in the process of binge watching it.
. while the support &amp; care for veterans is lacking, they are celebrated throughout our us hx
but both rapidly growing public health crises, taking lives daily, with a totally inadequate response on all levels.
the savage in the hat.....21 21
the gat in the hat
he didn't make a wrong decision today. braves are hot
yes he did, bring in smoker? stick with reed your best reliever all year
i'd pay good money for those tickets !
the music is too fucking good. i bought some at the apple store in the past
who would have known jazz-rap would be so soothing and beautiful. thank you for one of my favorite albums already.
ummm, to pimp a butterfly?
mainly because it's connection to the films meant they couldn't adapt any of the more interesting &amp; worthwhile marvel stuff
like their big draw marvel comics stuff was blizzard and angar the screamer and quake, who cares? those are like k-listers
this red sox team is impressive, but are they getting hot at the wrong time? can they keep this up in the postseason?
obviously good to get hot against division rivals in sept. i'm just worried that the pitching won't hold up.
come on you don't think he's a meany?
the docs are and roland is more than meets the eye
if you're into and have an iphone - i'm working on an app that needs a few beta testers.
i'd love to see what you've made!
muster your might and assemble your teams! world boss nithogg is terrorizing stormheim.
vengeance for cuckaw
prolly has something to do with the fact that ennen owns the building that wbai is in.
i don't remember that conflict of interest mentioned at all i might have missed it
god and the bible and all that shit is real in the dc universe but batman is still crying about his dumb dead parents. what a doof.
batman has literally talked to god in the comics.
the gop's jewish donors are abandoning trump
of course! w/every neo-nazi utterance from junior's silver-spoon-filled yap, another jewish donor falls away.
awa not that one
yes it was ma'am
cool! i actually just got asked to work a booth at comic con in ct this weekend!
thats awesome !
what's wrong with us?
i don't know but regret ever clicking that link.
hello new york city! working on the ill after party spot for the late night
set time? and where the after party at????????
new aim screename who dis
remember that guy with that thing when you went to that place? i'm his cousin, twice removed.
i best come see it in person *we got our golden tickets*
sweet! part 2 for you boys!
what ? im older than ur mother?????
u are only as old as you feel! cuz i sure act 12~
sure woulda been nice if the mets batters hadn't been facing cy freaking young all week.
feeling all sorts of emotions during this series...
um, kinda hard not to be! and you said you were gonna be nicer...
okay nice version of me is back now don't worry
oooo yasss girl. they're one of a kind
did arlene tell you about hiking with us friday?
i eventually got chuffed to work by being on the phone with my bank so they could approve the transaction.
thank you!!!!!! you totally gave us the push we needed to get over this speed bump.
wisconsin - another key state where hillary's large lead has all but disappeared. via
: hillary is taking the week off to practice the lies she is going to present as facts during the debate.
. on why he finally gave up birtherism: "i wanted to get on with the campaign." doesn't suggest any...
so does he think that it was wrong to distract the obama with it? distract him from focus on jobs, vets, etc.?
my entertainment law class is phenomenal. my prof is a jets fan and i think he may be an isles fan too. i will find that out next week.
expecting a grade of a
by the time collins is done double-switching, they'll have degrom standing in right field still wearing a hospital gown.
no reason to take reed out. he has been your best reliever all year. terry is the worst bullpen manager i ever saw.
jeurys familia retires anthony recker on a comebacker to strand the go-ahead run at third base. 3, 3, mid-8
thanks terry for bringing in smoker! that made tons of sense, cus you know freddie can't hit lefties
get pumped for 's season premiere on october 17!
so michael isn't dead?
alignment is what gave it away
nice. i think noticed that too, i just misinterpreted her reply &gt;.&lt;
. attacked during a live hit covering protesters in charlotte, nc.
": . attacked during a live hit covering protesters in charlotte, nc.
omg please do that and film it
omg i think the whole internet would die
has anyone owned a pair of riding sport breeches?
currently wearing the new riding sport woven breech in navy! i really like them!
a lot of cosmos fans have had patience to a fault. : when are you going to address this to the people who are invested in it?
&amp; i mean emotionally invested, not like "investors" - i think it's pretty clear they don't care at all.
i heard one of the creators talk &amp; she was really smart and nice and i thought "nope, still no."
it's well done and has some hilarious moments but the pathos is too much for my diet.
2 people got shot within a mile radius of my house and i'm highkey freaked out
what happened
you're going to remember this series if the don't make the playoffs. this is farcical for a team in a pennant race.
maybe we'll remember the 5 games we lost to arizona .
i've always wanted to talk about love and how it's literally all about perception,
you can be with someone for a long ass time &amp; have great experiences, that won't lessen the chance of them doing you dirt
it welcome. looked like a really fun trip!
where'd u all go?
and its your right to defend the black guy every time
i would love to defend every one, but they're dead so you know....
ghost rider was just okay on aos. such a small dose that of course he comes off good. i like that they're doing the robbie reyes story.
are they doing the thing about his uncle's ghost killing his mom/crippling his brother in the womb? that always felt forced
i told u i you to get u off my follow list
ok
ha! and from there...history began?
yes!my first band in 1978 recorded 5 songs with i co-wrote 1,2
alignment is what gave it away
nice, i think noticed that too, i just misinterpreted her reply &gt;.&lt;
what is this sorcery? and does it make the podcast any better? ;)
1. i need to subscribe to your podcast. 2. you need to download and use that as your podcast player.
1st thing that came to mind when decided to be an uneducated dumbass!
hysterical!!!
2. b/c we critically need media that produces an otherwise way of seeing, being, and moving through the world. to produce transformation.
i do, however, want to applaud this music moment. also want to acknowledge how eery this timing feel, given recent deaths.
icymi: protesters in looted a semi truck and set stuff on fire along highway
animals, animals!!!!
hope he's all right but cnn started it.
so true the liberal media is totally to blame non stop reporting of this false narrative...
eh i watched up to 5 mins. i will watch the rest. it is so cringing :/
i had to watch it in small portions. it hurts lol is it bad i wanna smack her in the face
my back may be hurting but i will tackle you if you mess with my afternoon coffee.. (ps -...
can i mess with your coffee? i'd welcome your tackle. mini crush, sorry
to be clear, that's my voice at the end of the song. still have to get my electric car!
this is totally unreal, i can't believe it came back around to us! hahah i hope you're okay with it...
tooth fairy was too scared to go into fort hunter bc it smells like shit
no the tooth fairy doesn't come because our teeth don't rot out of our heads
ghost rider is good. please disregard fitz getting horny for a robot and coulson snoozing around
yeah the opening is decent.
fire terry. give it to terry post game that was terrible.
how he took out his best reliever in that spot is beyond me, totally unacceptable
wow and here i thought we would've continued our tradition from last semester and watch it together
gyal you know this a the first and only time me ever aguh watch it live
shit hitting the fan lol
maybe i shouldnt of eaten before this one
right now race soldiers are fully aware,if they execute innocent blk ppl, they will not be punished
. so jail is suppose to be a deterrent to crime.if they would just convict the cops you would think it would reduce this crime.
you can be with someone for a long ass time &amp; have great experiences, that won't lessen the chance of them doing you dirt
matter a fact, enemies almost always start off as somebody we once loved, with love comes hate &amp; vice versa
definitive list of reasons why philadelphia is better than pittsburgh: 1. without philly, this country-and pitt-doesn't exist. end list.
you're spoiling my and 's article
espn gushing over john tavares, "the islander fan should enjoy this."
if he was a maple leaf, he would be the 2nd best player in the game behind crosby
like who thought this was a good idea
idiots. literal idiots. like who looks at that and says hmmm looks good!
sac fly by kemp. tie game. burn that lede about bartolo winning his 15th at age 43.
you should probably take the final week off. that was so terry collins
fastest shipping i've ever had from them
omg best note from them yet
when others tell me that i have anger issues lol when i know damn well it's causing me to deteriorate into a slow death like yea hoe i know
did you know you're angry sometimes? i'd thought i'd let you know.
need to write this prcis but i don't know wanna
that's me subconsciously simultaneously not knowing how and not wanting to
exactly! many users havin this problem. im one of them. the batery drains and hit up when charging
that sucks, at least it's not catching on
wow this chick just pulled a on me and laughed about it.
i wasn't gunna do this but now i'm going to fuck her then block her.
just got the hiccups and counted them -hiccuped 252 times over ~45 mins before it stopped. pls count next time you have this, i want stats!
2. 15 seconds.
evening bro and all
tired bro turning in soon how's you
so i'm on omegle now. i'll only be on for 30 minutes, but feel free to search for me under fearagen.
that mean you're going to have another reaction video?
terrible defender lucas duda had 3 errors last year in 1127 innings.
the mentions are mighty quiet on this one, it seems.
it's official: 85 2nd st is the new home!
por qu el cambio? ahora me pillis "down the street", estoy en el wework de taylor st
just unfollowed the verge everywhere. feels good, man.
seems to have turned into mashable/buzzfeed
i love when people are bored my phone won't stop ringing but when there not i can't even get a reply back i do it an shit will go down :p
suck my dick
and that's only one day.
. and the reporter is from another country in order to point out the complete truth and a friendly country (for now) at that.
"we're shit and we know it."
you guys have a culture worth more points than you can win. your time will come.
michael tracey is a paulbot who loudly proclaimed in 2012 that obama would be getting destroyed by chris christie.
thanks for this. i, too, thought he was a berniebro
i've eaten only persian food since i got to la and it's maybe the best decision of my life.
the only place i know of in sf is lavash.
to be clear, have loved espn coverage tonight. espnews? fine. issue is with major promise made by the network.
most smaller sports get lost on the espn networks. nbc would give it so much better attention.
sunday night lows. 30s inland to 40s city to 50s coasts.
clear skies. light winds. 38 at kfok
can you stop?
i don't like your emo music hoe
what the mail man didnt know his imagination filled in
ohhhh.... poor mailman
bubbles hawkins, steve smith more pershing doughboys to come!
did will robinson coach bubbles &amp; smith? coached the first three..,
i'm watching. not really paying attention.
lucky you. you'll live longer that way
... i typed that backwards. the right thing, even though it was the hard thing.
especially the tweeted about it part. i felt really good about that part!
the man's a sweetheart
not our intern that pushed me away ;) he didnt get the memo on backing women!!
his eyebrows kind of suck
you're actually right hahaha
who is your favorite player that player on a division rival?; caveat is that they could not have later or before played for your fav team.
fred mcgriff, brodeur, paul pierce, sean taylor
i've never been on cruise. if i ever go, i wouldnt book it w/o one. want to take my girls
i am doing my next one nov13-20! via puertorico!! come join.
we are at the point where it is physically unsafe for reporters to cover racially charged unrest. i guess this is america, 2016.
mlk's dream has become an american nightmare.
hi and ! hope to see you soon
dating housemate na dahil sa pbb, he came out of his shell and look where he is now.he knows what the housemates are goin through
what does this even mean
"bushwick's organizers and business owners"? organizers of what? community organizers? what businesses??
that's malcom floyd's music!!!
no really why does no one like hunter henry
this is the end result of liberals replacing family with government handouts.
more white on welfare then blacks especially where rednecks has sex with their sisters
shoni schimmel not much of a factor for new york liberty
believe this is major wakeup call &amp; learning experience for shoni &amp; she'll comeback ready. she a competitor.
ovan oakley becomes concordia men's soccer all-time leading goal scorer in 2-0 win over post...
congratulations
i wasn't gunna do this but now i'm going to fuck her then block her.
she said every nigga that fucked her always left right after. i wasn't gunna do that but now i am lol.
all those criticising obama on syria: what, precisely, is your alternative plan?
the idea is that if the us had been decisive and started bombing early on, regime would've crumbled
leave in reed
brutal inning. twitter is not happy with terry tonight.
we could've done full field
you guys don't practice there tomorrow right
like he really is a sexual deviant. at one point we just though he got caught up and it was funny. he's a scumbag.
yup i'm surprised no one dug deep enough the first time cause i'm sure there were some back then.
people marching now circulating reports that charlotte police just shot and killed a protester. can anyone confirm?
civilian shot by civilian, not a police involved shooting in . i heard from someone who was there at the time.
(but seriously, i have no idea exactly who or what you think i am. russian agent? supporting who?)
heavily used regarding ukraine- msm:
no i really i not know what i would do without yall
i love you alllll forever riding' for my girlssss
you got this! (though u may want 2 re-read the def of a solute concentration in the osmosis section, info doesn't qualify) ;)
hahaha! thanks for the clarification :)
yo wtf lmaoooo yeezy supply sent me 2 cleats and i ordered one
it's called... a "pair"
yo wtf lmaoooo yeezy supply sent me 2 cleats and i ordered one
it's called... a "pair"
she said every nigga that fucked her always left right after. i wasn't gunna do that but now i am lol.
i always get the last laugh :)
//todo comments never get fixed. our oldest //todo seems to be from 2013 :p try with: git grep -l todo | xargs -n1 git blame | grep todo
setup a git hook so when it finds a new todo it auto creates an urgent ticket
earlier: morachi - onye oma [video]
brand new tune star
the idea is that if the us had been decisive and started bombing early on, regime would've crumbled
ppl will tell you this with a straight face- i've seen it- it's amazing
so stunned you could knock me down with a feather.
but the main upshot is good, yes? keep the goal posts more or less in the same place instead of constantly moving them.
cool! next i'm doing a ufo presentation in dec angels&amp;aliens con ufo presentation are my fav truth is out there
if you come to ct for a talk i am there.
crowd was chanting gore gore gore. i have no idea why it shocks me that rhyno is remembered as a beloved figure from a bygone era.
2016 continues to amaze all.
very i had one tell me the other day trump would win &amp; i should be afraid, very afraid. been called a stupid b. crazy old b. etc
i have zero tolerance and block them immediately. at times they swarm at me &amp; i feel like i am in a movie.
real question: is "mansplaining" specifically about concepts that were originated by women? i thought it was any condescending explanation.
i subscribe to the latter.
don't get me wrong, pussy is good. not nearly worth a fraction of the shit we do for it
way too much work tbh
arrested development.
arrested development is fucking awesome!!!!
also, though some trees may benefit from fire as an additional stimulant to germinate, they do that without fire as well.
"in all probability, the giant sequoia survives today because of the role fire played in its life cycle."
one shot and killed during protest of keith scott death in charlotte.
civilian on civilian. it was not a police involved shooting according to people who were there when it happened.
so disappointed with the episode! rachel deserved to stay a little longer
her or david..neither one really did well week 1.
damn i'm annoying
i couldn't even think of a cool cartoon character. or one from literature. i'm so basic. the runner up was jess from new girl
i am from jersey, i know how to do hair ffs
so was the bomber
sometimes it's really hot and there's no sleeves!
that's what i assumed with you but then this dude just did it with an iced drink, and put ice in between the cups
but the rider parts made the other parts of it soo worth it
hey, there was 3 seasons of mediocre lameness before 1 episode of okay ghost rider, they already ruined mr. hyde
thanks! this makes me feel better. sounds like it could be an official podcast and t-shirt!
great idea: "i read tables" on the front!
i imagine there's a group of idiot college dweebs calling for a "safe space" for the rioters ....
it's called solitary confinement at a local prison.
no commission required! i gave your new book and she was super excited. it's a cracker!
thank you! community is a hard book to follow up - so happy you like the new one too
74 people have been killed by cops since august 26. 16 were black. 16 out of 74. so yeah....
blacks = 12% of u.s. citizens 16/74 = 21% so, blacks are being shot by cops 43% above their pop % math is tough.
who wants their son or daughter killed or maimed for aleppo?
the level of groupthink in the us forpol world is huge
can't believe we're you're almost to season two!
how long have we been doing this one? 6 months?
just took a cruise this summer! yes absolutely book it through an agent. made everything so ez
i am ur next agent to book with! yes we are lifesavers
those were me srry
i knew those were your titties, amelia
dunno, there's very little info given, but his brother is in a wheelchair.
fingers crossed, though i hope they bring in some of the other riders as well, alejandra jones needs more exposure
here you go i tried to not make it long as possible feel free to ask me any questions.
i'll probably check it out soon, thanks.
congratulations shari jean-marie med-surg certified rn :-)
congrats, shari!
unless you think you can get a legit rb1 i'd hold on - don't want to sell low
appreciate it. so you're that worried bout the sea o huh?
once the broader can grab it any length not too short tho because your head will hurt so bad
i want to get it. but im not tryna lose my edges
sick hillary coughs at 12 seconds in. she can't even go 15 seconds without coughing.
i thought she was having a seizure at the end of it..
absolutely. so natural. and the clothes are great too.
i've said this before, but i could (?) write a whole book about the clothes
this is your average hillary supporter. justifying the persecution of gays.
wow, just wow.... it appears beheading is okay with some people.
i made mozzarella stuffed grilled chicken and buffalo cauliflower for dinner and it was soooooo good. and now i'm watching a lifetime movie
sounds amazing.
especially the tweeted about it part. i felt really good about that part!
(but i knew what you meant and thanks!)
matt kemp sac fly. that's a blown save for jeurys familia. 3, 3, top 8
what happened to looks like he's gained a good fifty to sixty pounds!
i got that shift change. i'll be there saturday. should i bring embarrassing signs?
ayyy it's lit! please do!!! hahah that would make me so happy
1. battery life 2. louder speakers 3. waterproof 4. cameras 5. matte black
my list: - apple
don't throw shade favoriting it steven
, cause its so true that shit is trash !
would you consider self-publishing? may be a good contact?
i thought about it and researched a bit. too much work and not enough time.
mrs. clinton, explain to the haitians what happened to the earthquake relief money you and slick willy raised?
not raised, stole...
do you remember the 21st night of september?...
fake fake fake fake fake...that's just my analysis
i'm sure there's a reasonable explanation for why is so thoroughly blocking lane at union square
i don't ride there often, but i've never seen it look different. at least they aren't driving on the sidewalk \_()_/
is this what you were talking about?
omg thank you thank you thank you i spent soo long trying to find this!
locked my keys in my car in the driveway. spare is in the middle console. i'll just be here, contemplating how i function on a daily basis.
i was once in a similar situation. i had to pay a large russian man a small fortune to remedy the situation.
bro i'm hungry as shit dood
always find my way 2 a crown's
protester shot and killed at keith lamont scott protests in charlotte:
shot and killed by a civilian, not police, people there at the time said it was someone in the crowd who fired the shot.
check out my rankings for the nba eastern conference. let me know what you agree/disagree with.
i disagree with everything
currently in need of a tall dude so i don't have to hunch when i hug him in pictures
can't wait to see you
we won our first emmy!
big congrats!
some fun magazines i've done and also the place i put the kids if i need to "punish" them.
i see u have - what kind?? can i come over &amp; play??? :)
you're amazing
thank you, i really appreciate that!
8 fascinating facts about &amp; creative ways to 'em!
cucumbers keep u young and moist!
all toilets should be urinals. girls can pee in them too. i've seen it happen
i don't want this
i'm offended that people don't know that i'm in tyler's lane i-
we can't really see it
amazing: trump campaign is requiring supporters to provide government-issued id and a signed nda to volunteer. this...
can this actually be true???
the question is "the safety of women shouldn't be prioritized" are you going to answer that?
yes, and trans women are women
lol you roll your eyes at him when you double parked
the top floor is completely empty..... no need for him to try and park next to me!
we should bomb all the bombs back to the bomb age
when bombs are outlawed, only outlaws will make adam sandler movies.
someone got shot and killed at the charlotte protest tonight. smh.
civilian on civilian shooting, not a police shooting.
yeah, then they'd be able to tape delay an american west coast olympics to the american west coast!
they already did that at the vancouver olympics.
omg tenzing! i met another sherpa today! his name is norbu &amp; said he knew a tenzing in sb
maybe my cousin lol
that would be nice!
oh my gawd, i'd throw so much damn money at dc for a ww statue based on both nicola &amp; 's interation.
i would have done the same thing! you see them in the mountains and stuff, but i can't imagine seeing one downtown!
i live wayyyy uptown,but still!! you don't really see that up here!
i really don't expect anything less than
and just a reminder..do your home work before isles games and not between periods..that never works...
would certainly be a boost for nbc.
somehow nbc will still find a way to show the la olympics on tape delay in the pacific time zone.
why is connecticut like this :-/ compare the prices
bro i need to move ct sucks
working at the ringer is dope because you very seriously get to say that watching all of the lethal weapon movies counts as research
dude, we all watch those movies and we don't have any of your demonstrable fierce talents, dying, writing, communicating, love
been around the world and i i i, still can't find my iphone...so much for getting it this week.
'waiting on november' by don
yes das me who said this
my sister lol
the man's a sweetheart
and he is!!!
lmfao i told you to be careful
you really warned me
i have spent so much time on the phone with the irs, with lsac, and with financial aid this week that i could have spent being productive
being poor is exhausting. having to fight for everything is getting old. y'all know i am broke, how are we still doing this year 3.
i love that you take credit for this...
he can have this one. he's the reason i watched it, too. plus, as always, i'm a giver.
"wherever i may roam" might be metallica's best song. or "one".
system of a down is better than metallica. there. i said it
hope that's on the plot horizon. a mom like maya learning to *back off* could be good, real, comedy.
i think they've definitely set up this dynamic in the pilot. maya on the warpath while jj negotiates new voice
i think any sane person agrees with you.
i am so sorry. i don't thank any sane person would not agree with you.truly sorry.very emotional time 4 all of us.
protester bodychecks cnn reporter, knocks him to the ground at
bruh, i said
if you're ever having a bad day, try reading cuckgrassley's top tweets on favstar.
i looked at these like "why is this person interesti--oh god i bet they're in congress" yup :( :( :(
wait, a protester was just shot and killed in charlotte?
people who were there when it happened said it was a civilian on civilian shooting, no police involved
weird. why?
beats me but it totally messes with my island playlist
q4: what are some difficulties, "backslides" or mistakes you have faced while potty training your child?
a4 after a while they want to try just to get the prize and not potty
earlier: morachi - onye oma [video]
excellent tune
lol if you relate at all can we please be friends
this is the most accurate thing ever someone please help me!!
was shot by cops while reading in his car. and now everyone is mad that we protest in charlotte...
he was shot &amp; taxed by two but 3 did nothing? why no report from other cops about what "they have 2 say?"
law professor: impeach trump immediately if he beats clinton
did he get his law degree at walmart school of law?
2016 ncaa tournament rewind iowa vs villanova filling the lane
one of the biggest blow outs in sports history
police rush to grab, arrest protester at
": police rush to grab, arrest protester at watch cnn live
uh, no, it's because putin has jailed or murdered everyone who could raise questions.
-putin's party got 18% of eligible voters votes (there was only a 35% turnout...hardly a sweeping vote of confidence in putin!)
reminiscing.. the long table date.. ang kyot ni alden kasi dito.. susko! susko
aldub is simplicity. for their projects, it just need to be simple &amp; meaningful parang mcdo at coke
when derek dies in grey's anatomy...
smh why this is me w every tv show/book
clinton campaign is complaining that is against them. ha! plus, i am asked about policy all the time....
oh god u lie. you always say "ask the candidate", which is what he did. you don't answer policy, you have none
some news, i joined the guys and they are awesome.
awesome news, congrats
+1. the beetroot tzatziki eggplant yoghurt flatbread in neighbourhood is /
that dish seems to be off to quick start as the most-cooked dish so far!
each time my evil plans are foiled by the compiler, i like to imagine the compiler engineer who thought of the evil...
just assign it to a local pointer variable first :)
it's here! learn more about our iphone 7 for $0 offer.
there are nine in stock and the wait time is 3 months
no dear but i might take you up on a dance if you stew the backs correct
sounds enthralling, but once again, you cah cook ?
eat the rice with bbq chicken and you'll taste something there
that's how it started for me too fr
obama administration not taking border surge 'seriously,' lawmaker charges via the app
palestinians use children as human shields in gaza, seems mexican illegals figured out how to do that too....
whoa dug up a genuinely batshit pile of shareware weirdness
hundreds more going up!
there is no narrative here. it is what it is.. by this corrupt systems design. i can not consciously put my name on any ballet.
must be nice to be this privileged.
you mean apart from trying to break individual spirit completely? again?
i meant like preventing police violence.
that was a lot of salt. tell them to hire a new cook lol
two much salt lol
he needs a netflix show!!!
i'm not totally certain a netflix show would work either, i think you'd need to do a ghost riders show, with like 4 people
twit fam...should i ruin this girls non-existent career even more? or nah?
whoa that's not nice be a bigger person don't let ppl put n nna hot spot u a mother now congrutz
back in nyc.
and i'm leaving tomorrow morning...
holy shit i used to literally cry watching that show. so fucking funny. i need to re-watch it. all of it!
now you're getting me wanting to re watch it lol!!!! i already watched that whole show
., i am so, so proud of you! i'm gonna miss you &amp; your multitalented self! i'll see you soon... in n...
big girls! so happy to mete you and thank you
i favorited it but haven't gotten around to listening to it yet, how is it so far?
i just found out 46 seconds ago
interesting
it's okay, he realized he didn't fit so he went to park somewhere else
i'm not totally certain a netflix show would work either, i think you'd need to do a ghost riders show, with like 4 people
none of them are interesting enough solo characters to work for a show on their own
....is this a contest to see how far he can go or summat
the aristocrat?
had similar issues earlier - i gave up, hoping to try again later
so far it looks like the only solution is to "sign out of icloud and sign in again" and "restart." neither has worked yet.
a lot of comic book heroes are designed for a limited episodic story structure, hence why folks like ghost rider don't translate well
25 pages are a lot different than a 45 minute show
lol that's future son he holding. everybody saying he disrespecting future. but mind you ciara married to russell
i mean you can't control the relationships the kid will develop growing up based on your dislikes. it's about the love tbh.
i have spent so much time on the phone with the irs, with lsac, and with financial aid this week that i could have spent being productive
tonight is trying to figure out how to get an original copy of my moms taxes in two days because lsac won't accept amended taxes.
protester shot and killed during demonstrations after keith scott death in charlotte
a civilian on civilian shooting, no police involved according to people who were there at the time.
no booze though right?
water. but there's a beer garden nearby
good day bro
tired sleep soon
oh yeah it's a panflute classic
how to compare the harmless pan flute to the blunt weapon that is the acoustic guitar
i see the violence in our country, our streets, and i just want to run away. to hide in art. in beautiful animation. in music. but i can't.
i hear ya, zac. i lived through the 60s. it was sad &amp; heartbreaking then too. we'll get through this. we will, sir.
yes, absolutely! that's why you are the first winner, toni! dm me addy for prize, woohoo!
wtg! toni! what wine will u drink 1st in the new glasses?
people say i've changed but why would i want to stay the same? i'm constantly trying improve myself as an individual. i want to be better.
i've said the same thing. look at people in music ex, mac miller. he was 19 when he started of course his style is gonna change
i was driving home and a cat was on the sidewalk and stops for me to go up the driveway and i have never been so happy
why me just why?
i am so sorry. i don't thank any sane person would not agree with you.truly sorry.very emotional time 4 all of us.
ok. i'm very upset with all this. just wan t you all to know i'm in your side.
quite frankly, i think this is different from ooo, there was a critical mass behind tdf that netbeans hasn't
worse than ooo is... not good. because ooo has been a trainwreck for apache.
., i am so, so proud of you! i'm gonna miss you &amp; your multitalented self! i'll see you soon... in n...
so happy to meet you and thanks a lot see you soon!
i've been doing comedy since the 80's. the first thirty years just happened to be in front of my mirror.
you really are rupert pupkin mofo
my boyfriend brought me a cannoli and like i'm so happy
he didn't buy it he gets them for free
i got nice brownie mix to treat myself and then burned it so if anyone would like to just shoot hockey pucks at my face for an hour or two,
i dropped a tray of steaming hot bagel bites on my foot yesterday.
tonight is trying to figure out how to get an original copy of my moms taxes in two days because lsac won't accept amended taxes.
of course they didn't reach out two weeks ago to let me know when i submitted my forms, they let me know today after i called/emailed.
i was driving home and a cat was on the sidewalk and stops for me to go up the driveway and i have never been so happy
enough with the cats
....is this a contest to see how far he can go or summat
he should have been hunted down by those "perverted justice" folks who pretended to be 15-year-olds.
me and make great parents
i hate u guys so much
shhhh he's pretty out of it &amp; we are hoping for photos of him with his walkman.
what's wrong with my walkman
so we landed and now parked in no mans land . what a worthless airport
i think we () always gets that kind of treatment at ! for
oh, you're slacking smh he posted it at 5:35
let. me. live. i was at work til 6.
they seem to forget them in the moment
if so doesn't apply for blacks smfh
lolol it is pretty epic...gif_kingz
btw .. riff raff - balloween album .... all trap beats
unless you think you can get a legit rb1 i'd hold on - don't want to sell low
i was receiving rawls, in that deal, in case that wasn't clear hah
i love djt &amp; nothing will "change the tides." he supports our military &amp; police who've given us our freedoms &amp; we shall never forget that!
we gotta get these polls numbers up for ....he wants to help us all....gotta do it wisconsin. trump is our last chance!
gia johns the worst dission maker lmaoaoao no way i want her for president
what's that mean ?
nah you don't... but be great
you never trying to let me be just great though
so did he kill some other scientist? i don't think i've seen this episode in at least 15 years
i think someone is making him do things
buchholz has taken a bunch of crap from people in this town. we all know his faults but seem to forget how good he can be as well.
i was among the first to want him gone. he's shut us all up of late!
i've listened to nothing but september playlist for two days. it's the only thing keeping me in the know.
i approve this message.
umm, can you tell i had beer? knew it was , typed . both awesome ukraine-based developer!
i knew what you were talking about. have another for me!
maybe so, but being on espn is useful/legitimacy help.
in name only. it doesn't help when espn buries it.
it's confusing when they're both black. how do we know which one is barry's son?
the one thats smokin a joint at a festival
they will pay for both. why not focus on early education? it would lead to better path later.
my son had excellent early education. he had headstart, pre k and me.
i thought it would make it easier to talk about but he doesn't know that i know that he knows so now i'm just like
lol when my dad confronted me i just cried to make him go easy on me
this guy just passed me and was like "woah that girl looks like that model... or kylie jenner" wow
i'm a certified baddie now
hi my loves, i need to post movie night to next thurs, 9/29. still recovering from my trip. so sorry
i hope you recover asap, and feel mo' better! &lt;3
also half of those people are media. yet again the mainstream media has been exposed by a citizen journalist. excel...
there's more media then citizens
ahhh alvin surprised me by taking me to to bang (super delicious yummy korean/bbq place) and i am drooling and in awe rn at all the food
seriously everything here is bomb .. just look at this kimchi fried rice i'm so happy rn lol
entitlements don't solve the problem. give people a purpose instead of sitting on their ass waiting for a check in...
reasons that "give " = reasons men "strive". "having family 2 support" is the 1st reason why men want to work.
wheres my pandora princess ring den
i'm broke rn but inshallah
of course they didn't reach out two weeks ago to let me know when i submitted my forms, they let me know today after i called/emailed.
had i not had the forethought to follow up and reach out i would have missed the fee waiver deadline. i still might if i am being honest.
is a peaceful group. cnn told me.
people like this incite violence. disgusting
hey beth u jumpin ship on your white soxs for the cubs
typical front runner
that's how i read it.
yes. it had been given back to him on july 26 and he had it until today when judge resuspended it.
whoah woah woah, nobody called you ugly sweetie
yeah, i'm sure
i wish he was dead. it wasn't because he's white. it was circumstance. ahmad rahami and the dc sniper weren't killed either
you guys would rather defend a cop's reputation than fight for a black mans right to due process, it's disgusting
just called me amelia and i started crying in this pizza joint
omg stop ily
other interpretations: san diego 2x as expensive as houston despite being no denser. nyc no more expensive than san diego yet 5x as dense.
why it's almost as if the yimby argument is not about density per se or in absolute terms, but about housing production.
so we landed and now parked in no mans land . what a worthless airport
guarantee it'll happen to me for
we appreciate the shout out! if you ever want to feature adoptable animals on your show let us know!
we'd absolutely love to! would you be able to bring them to our office?
by the time i wake up tomorrow, mercury retrograde will be over!!!
omg! this explains why i want to punch my husband in the face right now!!
hi guys!!! i think dawn is on vacation. how y'all doing tonight?
looking forward to watching in ten minutes!!
i'm sure the same place obama got his.
and the same place that gave it to michele
i cannot fathom what they'll do to the car man!
"ic engines were invented way back. we have now removed it. that takes courage" a la 3.5mm jack
oh it was a premonition because isn't this a guy he had visions of killing?
that is what it seems.
sad to hear. i love what she's doing.
then pick up black magick! it's awesome.
...and i'm not saying that bc i'm having a top secret affair w
speaking of affairs, you're our inspiration., tomorrow, 8pm
you do know obama doesn't have mind control powers right? or maybe you don't ur twitter feed does list some stup...
ha, these dumbasses been spamming all day. before this they were whining about syrian refugees. annoying.
prolly not a great sign if you start crying while making a dj playlist right
also is it cool if i don't play any songs from male fronted bands anymore lol
this would really make the season exciting. relegation to japanese league!
another accidentally brilliant idea. i want to see my twins play the hiroshima carp. we all want to !
the beautiful spearmint at the british superbike championship every so classy, ever so sexy ...
i see u and that booty poppin ;)
amen - for new hearts. 1 samuel 16:7
amen the heart is deceitful above all things +desperately wicked who can know it? i the lord search te heart jer. 17:9-10a
getting back to me! happy kickboxing day!
don't mess with jodi!
had i not had the forethought to follow up and reach out i would have missed the fee waiver deadline. i still might if i am being honest.
mad amounts of anxiety and stress that keep me from doing my school work that i've already deferred for a few hours to deal with this.
i literally had to stop and think about how old i am.
older than the rocks and the dust
a great tool. seen sharelock?
no! definitely looks cool!
never works. or try writing a final after a playoff game that went to ot and slightly boozed
not possible.well the booze might add to your creative writing skills.provided you dont fall asleep or write on your rally towel
oh stop you're making me blush
not hard to do that
sat next to a guy who texted throughout decalogue part 5, stopped when scolded, and then rubbed himself (audibly) during part 6.
this is the worst thing i've ever heard
one was an armed robbery and they don't know about the other! it's by my house at school though so you're safe lol
oh wow lmao i'm like hmm why didn't i hear anything whoops
breaking: police chief kerr putney says the man that was shot by a fellow civilian in has died.
i don't at all believe right now that he was shot by another civilian. on the word of the cops? absolutely not.
at 7pm is in just 1 hour! if you have a or you want me to share, just send me the info!
our new ep "planet of..." is free to stream and has free downloads for songs about evil dead &amp; they live.
i get where you're coming from on that, but, to be clear, i'm mocking fakes like that. i also don't actually think tom eats poop.
yeah,tldr, so if i got it backwards could be that is the unwitting russian agent &amp; you the defender of reason
yeah bro system on my playlist
cool those first two albums good stuff
lol when my dad confronted me i just cried to make him go easy on me
lmaoo i would cry if i didn't know that he knew and it would be that much better
can't stress nor rt this enough haha
if a dude tells me he's indifferent to music on a first date i will get up go to the ladies room and never come back
how in the hell is monster trucks even able to lose 115 million dollars!?!?! what the actual fuck!?
did it come out?
just come join! u sign up mom later. meet everyone! rsvp not needed to win
and now summer is over! whaahahh!
": i love those beautiful gals." d + s = two amazing women!
amazing &amp; beautiful patriots
i feel like if we left for college it would've but i guess everything happens for a reason right
i've been regretting so much, ironically tonight more than ever. hopefully it's all worth it like we thought it would
he should have been hunted down by those "perverted justice" folks who pretended to be 15-year-olds.
they were the group that worked on chris hansen's to catch a predator tv series.
i credit obama for rejecting the grandiose fantasies re syria
same. and for years now he's been railed on by all these ppl out of authority who don't have to take responsibility themselves
me at any store ever
me currently in ulta
we should trust them to lead us &amp; make societal &amp; church policy, but we can't trust their libido?? um...ok?
ok....let's get the flags out and march! (but i'm too tired to move)...lol..
i think people are over-thinking why trump is competitive. he's the gop nominee and he's winning about 90% of republicans.
...and a lot of republicans care about supreme court vacancies and don't want clinton appointing them.
t.j. rivera is already a fan favorite. this place is going to erupt if he can rap out his third hit of the night in this spot.
somehow he'll line a ball right at an infielder for 2
the stadium has another detractor and it's not a small one:
never heard of them...
the beginning lw reminds me of donald's alien jazz at pharos
what if it is
um, is that officer still employed?
yes. ciminelli says internal investigation is ongoing.
i just found this picture but your has nothing on mine
my face looks like i'm weirded out by something lol
first world problems
lmao i really don't want it idk
george h.w. bush told reception at kennebunkport he will vote for hillary clinton
only choice!
., arriving at airports 2h earlier than he has to since 1990.
20 hours later i'm in sfo
have fun with you're baby teeth forever bitch
have fun brushing your gums
can anyone in the atl tell me wth is going on with i-75 north ???? all ramps are closed. i've been circling around for an hour lost. ugh.
twitter reports road construction. try waze.
i wonder how scared he was.
she was with several other officers and had protective cover if she needed it. no excuse to shoot.
was walking away from the cops and putting his hands in the car. they don't want to be shot either
its always about the victim, this is why racism will always exist, because your apathy leaves no one accountable
reply with a link to one of ur own original tweets that made yourself laugh extremely hard. wikihow provided. i wan...
tbh this is one of my favorite tweets
so is this don king's way of endorsing the don who would be king?
don king is probably the only guy sued more then trump...crooks of a feather...
there's a big ass raccoon going through the trash cans in front of my building. i've never seen a raccoon in the city before.
i saw a huge one in cp!
these horoscopes are a joke!
i knew you would of been on the ground hahahahaah
lmao kendall tried it that stance is pitiful
lol i knew you would relate
i have this intense feeling of helpless horror right now.
stay safe
somebody pass me the salt please!!! ha!!!
girl yes- 2 go!
can't tell if i'm excited...or terrified about this!
i'm a little scared too.
. shares her 4 phyllo rolls! perfect for hour!
i love pyhllo!! dough
in my head these are musical parents.
i just saw another new pic of her on tumblr. i am beyond excited right now.
geez...that was cold blooded. forgive the pun lol
it had of beeen a painful death
you helped create this riot. you are responsible for this.
this is a very stupid opinion
yeah - gonna do the sli thing - i'll be back after thanksgiving
ugh like why even bother coming back now
worse than ooo is... not good. because ooo has been a trainwreck for apache.
i'm not an expert in this area, and netbeans/eclipse don't compete as directly as ooo/lo.
buzzfeed news is legit, if you're able to separate it as a distinct product. mashable is fine, at least they own it
news yes but hard to separate it. mashable devolved like verge did but at an earlier stage
i couldn't even think of a cool cartoon character. or one from literature. i'm so basic. the runner up was jess from new girl
i'm as self-deprecating as these characters so so at least i know it's accurate
i really need to stop eating cookies by the sleeve.
double stuf? those are my weakness/waistline killer.
that only works for dolly parton or jane fonda in 9 to 5...
in all honesty if she were trying to kill her boss, those shoes were the perfect diversion...
scented lingerie by stacy money
vanilla,watermelon,rasberry,cinammon,bacon cheeseburger
that is also my largest concern with . jj is 16 and should be advocating for himself
i like that they've already set maya up as impassioned but not heroic.
welp, this is the last we'll hear of it.
as blm now march right by the deceased man with some actually tripping over him.
hillary clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. sleep well hillary - see you at the debate!
can't wait for the debate!
we'd eat that to the dick dumb fast
they must've had the odee munchies to order all that sheesh
mark fuhrman: "[keith scott]'s family was not at the scene...yet they project this narrative that has caused exactl...
megan kelly if we wanted to watch cnn we would change to that network go to cnn if you value their deceptive bias reporting. fox???
no you have to tell me
dude it will ruin it for everyone
this is your fault,
oh my god i'm sorry i'll go to soulcycle with you this weekend?! im sorry
am i the only one that thinks there's an unresolved sexual tension between benson &amp; barba or nah?
what game are you watching? that doesn't sound like the .
geez...that was cold blooded. forgive the pun lol
beekman's world! i remember that show
do u remember the 21rst night of september
whyd you steal my tweet
ok but who's actual tiddies were on my twitter
( . y . ) (y)
entitlements don't solve the problem. give people a purpose instead of sitting on their ass waiting for a check in...
so... if my hunch is correct: the law = "the system" ...tampered w/ the man's "reason to strive" = robbed him of his .
awesome bro eddie vedder has a great voice to sing the hymn successfully
that's true
maybe it's using apple' maps app to reach you
ha! most likely explanation...
if u where unsure if u liked it or not why did u order that one
it looked cuter online
where tf been doe
i been tucked hiding lol
nobody gives a crap. we need jobs
jobs? you can get a job? ur 4.9% but you cant get a job. in n trump words loser.
in the 20th inning he'll pinch hit for syndergaard.
how bout a pinch hitting appearance by the good first baseman.
thanks for the info. i was wondering that and major outlets seem to lazy/disinterested to gather info b4 posting
cnn just got the word, tough for confirmed information to make it's way to reporters in a chaotic situation like that
i'm still awake. lol
they be doing bombs all over nyc.i had to avoid times square and missed swatchparty
so dad how r things in africa or malaysia or wherever u r? &amp; hey while i've got u on the phone, how long have u been cheating on my mother?
you'd think they'd been there long enough, they'd have cured whatever by now
anyone else see more to iphone 7 than this?
speed for gaming?
i sent that to my friend who's a recent bills fan and wants to jump off the wagon earlier today lol
like not be a bills fan or like ? happy to help
um i don't think it is as far as i can remember
i know i'm just mad he hasn't dropped it yet
what are people watching, lately?
too many things! empire now, ahs in a few minutes, all stars 2 tomorrow, so many things are back for fall!
mad amounts of anxiety and stress that keep me from doing my school work that i've already deferred for a few hours to deal with this.
"how dare you have ambitions beyond the ones we've established for you?" financial aid @ me. law school admissions council @ me.
if you could meet any of these people who would you want to meet?
actually was like the hardest question to anwser
when dragonite pops up on your sightings...
too bad there's no tracking so by the time you are going in the right direction, he's actually despawned
it'll work out for us, sooner or later. the outcome will be great i know it, we both deserve that much. love you bro
you're absolutely amazing, i love you too sis
i get where you're coming from on that, but, to be clear, i'm mocking fakes like that. i also don't actually think tom eats poop.
unless you're the russian, of course. someone has to plant this stuff and then incite the conspiracists
too excited
black characters, black music, black love, black writers, black producers.
with ongoing investigation and juvenile suspect, many details unable to be revealed.
how old was he and what grade?
fb is gross. tho, i seem to have got some twitter nazis so excited they been screencapping my tweets. like i care
i'm exhausted. my roommate just called alicia keys an angry blk woman &amp; said a blk contestant "probably does a lot of crime".
dnc and democrats rely on victim and slave mentality of voters; and the want of "free stuff"/benefits off the backs of middle class workers
right on citizen
holly, you beautiful af
thanks eli
pdf improvements sounds good. where can i read up on them/can you elaborate?
jeanlain in has a list of issues and said many were fixed
i like that they've already set maya up as impassioned but not heroic.
she's a flawed character and part of that is not letting her son advocate for himself
holy shit i didn't see that coming.
that's what she said
that's if the project dies... i think netbeans has a bigger chance to stay relevant as an apache project than at orcl
sure, anything has better chance at apache than oracle. but what is that chance, versus eclipse? 5%? 10%?
i lied i'm scared
ok i'm really scared
"he's got a little strain on the side of his leg. it's a rare kind of muscle that gets affected and stuff, up his s...
i had something similar (i do muay thai) about a month back and it took ages to recover.
ssx tricky deff a classic
me n my sis were addicted
she lied, girl. lied.
oh that's it. i expected more like the baby isn't even a lyon
i'm exhausted. my roommate just called alicia keys an angry blk woman &amp; said a blk contestant "probably does a lot of crime".
they're watching the voice.
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
i believe she's been empowering isis for her boss soros
i love that my child thinks it's underwear but i know it's pampers.
mine also called them pullups! for ever
trying to picture joe nathan hitting a home run and can only do so in black and white, and as a news story before a talkie
i can only imagine him with bulging cutoff sleeves like jimmie foxx
"i'm okay they're just taking out their frustrations on me" - loser reporter
cnn reminds me why i dont watch it
bryson tiller can't do this bro
prove em wrong
you are a coward!! had your chance to join us in vietnam. you are a phony, lying racist. wimpy ...
thank you for your service. is also a traitor but an isis tool!
same lol the simple things
right !it ain't that hard lol
what amazes me the most about the apple air pods is how the hell they sync the sound perfectly in both pods.
the ... cloud?
james gets 19:06 nicole gets 7:24 nicole wins part 2. has to face paul in part 3
he would of done well had he not messed up with bronte
what a day! congratulations michael i schiller, &amp; all the...
this win comes on the same day our mountain jane doe is identified. it took 47 years - she finally has a name:
i don't know that this is the future we were promised in back to the future.
"it goes from when we didn't wear shoes to when we started wearing shoes. it really changes the game."
of course i will!
yay!!! lol i'm so new to this, still don't know what i'm doing
"character"! cammon, rob, these are real people!
i'm not buying it. i'm pretty sure tonight's episode was filmed on peebles island by cohoes....
stockroom find: nmd nice kicks size 8 $1750 shipped
this is the best deal i seen before yeezy drop
she's a flawed character and part of that is not letting her son advocate for himself
there's a lot of dramatic and comedic material in that tension they've already set up
i'll be in sf next week do you have any event at ?
no events planned but if you want to stop by that'd be great!
odell beckham jr. says his biggest concern in is getting the win. story:
we better not look past a desperate 0-2 washington team
have you not had it still until now?!
not having renters insurance was (is?) the least on-brand thing about bobby
ok. i'm very upset with all this. just wan t you all to know i'm in your side.
my problem is i can't type and i guess read too. luckily i can add. good nite.
so who is the big foe? satan?
he doesn't really have one- ghost rider classic
disability happens. it's not a bad word. it's not always a battle or something to be 'overcome'. it just is. let us be ok with ourselves.
so true when you proudly you empower yourself it's wht i tell my dughtr &amp; all kids i speak to
does he have enough innings?
but here's the war leaders for pitchers and look at his innings pitched vs rest of league
for a while there, station 3 had more trucks than 1
sadly, you didn't count on the snowmobile...
when ur friend is driving then they swerve and they say "lol my bad"
lol... that's how you look at me all the time!! my bad!!!
forza horizons is the best series xbone has, gun was jumped on that comment.
gears might get it , i have that at 85 ish. fh3 friday for me, sucker for the early access
7 yr old boy on the 1 train, stands up, faces his mom and says loudly, 'i have to be honest with you. i'm failing science.'
there have been, like 7 days of school though *7ish. i failed 2nd grade math.
hbo 10pm - + on hate me now, russ, 2k, trump, jay-z/lbj, the chefs, pac/biggie, gsw, above the rim, porzingis...
i'm interested in hate me now show starts in 10...9.. 8 minutes
sure, anything has better chance at apache than oracle. but what is that chance, versus eclipse? 5%? 10%?
honest question! i'm not an ide market expert, and obviously netbeans/eclipse don't compete as directly as ooo/lo.
this is so sad. this is honestly the same for me too
the show needs to be canceled. i never would have imagined wishing that for this show when i started it
we're not ready for the enigma6 winner interview
get the popcorn ready theres gonna be fireworks
anyone know which company's car/gear this is?
very clearly a tesla
how many do you think it would do with alvarez-mcgregor (billed as champion vs champion) main eventing vis-a-vis alvarez-khabib?
well the biggest event without conor or ufc200 this year did 475k buys with cm punk. probably around 350-400k
i'm watching law &amp; order: svu because eff this game.
you might want to put the game on. it's getting interesting.
if you could meet any of these people who would you want to meet?
actually one of the hardest questions ever like can i choose all??
counting on to make a visual number line. the best part, they did this on their own during their free time ...
. i love that your kiddos can learn and have fun!
my bad fingers? lol...they know how to handle a knife, gun and meat cleaver.
me too. beretta. love the recoils tech.
doing laundry, i have the urge to sing "you gotta know when to hold em', know when to fold em, know when to walk away, know when to run"
i'd start running the minute i heard the word "laundry"!!! i love you my beautiful sister &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
congrats to q4 winner, ! you have won a $100 visa card &amp; jumbo pack of pampers easy ups!
this is one of them with a new name! trying to win 2xs
happy birthday prime, hope you have a great one!
thanks prime! beating the tonight would be a great gift!
came to twitter to get live updates on the protest but the nasty political people have taken it over ...
try the moments tab, it's curated content so you may be able to avoid the"deplorables"!
imagine using murderer and swindler don king as your measuring stick for great men.
he's such an incoherent dangerous mess.
live on : live from the charlotte protest
guess no one has to go to work tomorrow
i wanted to do it too but i could t think of anyone else besides bobby hill
you're like a sick ass mix between twister rodriguez from rocket power, bender &amp; bobby hill tbh
he doesn't really have one- ghost rider classic
aw man they could fight dracula!
the various pieces of evidence that do indicate some level of russian involvement, especially on the assange side vs snowden
i'll bet that you don't question "journalists" who fail to say "alleged" when discussing "russian involvement."
hope everyone crushed it today. post dinner watch list for day trades tomorrow. cheers...
hey. i have the same exact wine. wine club.
not sure taking another person's property because you don't like the message on it is "what's up"
oy. welcome to libertarian land, where an old lady tugging at a sign calling her racist is an existential threat to freedom.
what are y'all's long term plans, if you have any?
i'm literally at an empty starbucks waiting for some lady who's couch i'm supposed to sleep on tomorrow
my feelings on cespedes are well documented. but dude ... run. it doesn't cost anything.
it costs energy. he needs to save it for bending over and picking up ground balls.
my dad is loving the ios update i guess
it could be worse.. my mom just downloaded snapchat lol
ah. thanks. always like hearing about fellow self-funded / bootstrapped companies.
the longer you're bootstrapped, the more options you have. congrats.
you wanna be public? fine bitch it's out...alright this is awkward but i have no photos of us on my phone
they're all in your photo vaults
mark zuckerberg giving away billions. bill gates too. many others do. how much do koch brothers give away? if trump is worth ten b- ?
hundreds of millions,but not as much as soros gives to uber liberal/communist causes worldwide, but that's none of my business.
we absolutely do! let's get to plan it for us!
waiting for the group cruise!
honest question! i'm not an ide market expert, and obviously netbeans/eclipse don't compete as directly as ooo/lo.
so maybe there is some chance it actually picks up a viable development community? but from here it smells of abandonware.
shits going down in charlotte nc. always nice to know seems how i'm going there in 3 weeks...
dude that place is such a shitty city. the crime is outrages everyday year round.
i've still got my axe, my eyes, my heart, my brain, and my fingers. i'm not going anywhere. you guys have been lovely today. thanks.
so sorry about hitfix. best of luck with what comes next!
they're violent rioters not peaceful protesters. did u see the news today to call on more violent rioting. get ur fn ass home
i guess i'm watching you on tv right now, seeing as you know all about it.
i bet 98% of the rioters don't even know the man's name and 100% don't care he had a gun ...
see? this is why you're and going to lose along with your
how dare you demand a girlfriend that's down to ride with you through thick &amp; thin but you can't give her loyalty? you boys are children
make up ur mind are they boys or children...
so earlier i joked about the urban legend of the woman trapped in a bpl corridor. only thing is, it really happened, in 1977. and she died.
wait that really happened???
two days! it's not possible!
what specifically isn't possible? preparing my house in two days? i concur.
also this is where we're playing. heaven is real.
scoop that julien baker record
you people are ruining any chance of exploiting jeff's nap-induced time warp. smdh
what do you mean "you people"
bro your mind be in the gutters idek where you get your perspectives from
nah my mind be in the right place the white man got you brain washed
thank josh adams of . he put me in touch with customink/bootstrap who agreed to print it.
got mine. thanks a lot, cc
. is becoming rosie o'donnell &gt;&gt;
and what's wrong with that sean hannity wannabe
america what is a cooler?
nothing you'd want to drink even if you weren't carrying our child. then again, you like pickles n yogurt, so maybe you would
so maybe there is some chance it actually picks up a viable development community? but from here it smells of abandonware.
and it would be a shame if apache's brand became "place where projects go to die".
there is james "smoked me like a cigarette" comment we heard later on in the house...
lol..have been waiting to hear that!!
and t.j. rivera ks. two in scoring position, two outs for pinch hitter. it's kelly johnson, not jay bruce.
mets lose another game, fucking pathetic
have a good evening. i'll message you and exchange some ideas.
excellent. i sent you my phone, so we can chat in real time. :-)
yeah i'm not touching that for a while either. although at least there are lock screen improvements there
c'mon in! the water's warm!
it is also very realistic. the majority of parents of kids in wheelchairs are over protective
yep. i also think it's very hard when ppl are telling you you're a saint not to start agreeing
omg han that's gonna be us
one day i'll propose to you with one
y'all it can't be tied i need help
fried chicken it is, thanks twit
greenwald takes a defensive posture on snowden/wikileaks and a clear anti-hillary clinton position.
does factual criticism of hillary make one "anti-hillary?"
i'm mad that i only saw him for half a second at pharos
*height privilege*
i really hope gary sanchez does this next year too
nah he's a rookie wonder.. next year he's hitting 2 home runs max
*hacker sees photo of programmer's family* "of course... x#$g^bvgc/45|!" *password accepted* "his daughter's name.. i should have known."
this is the worst part of . the big hacks are brilliant, but guessing passwords...
"hope your family sees the effects of a bomb over a gun 1st hand" -- comment posted on instagram under a picture of me and my family.
omg! i'm sorry. we can disagree on politics, but threats are a no no.
i wish, perhaps, that we would flood the internet with memes of this kind highlighting lots of dangers. guns, texting and driving,...
of course you do, shitlord
they just made move it shake it actually interesting.
but that's my favorite parade.........
so did you watch the fridays block back in late 2003 or later? hopefully it's the former because i need help identifying a segment
i did watch the fridays block for a while, even through some of fried dynamite.
oh, baby, that's right. suck it. mmhmm. just like that. you're a good girl, aren't you? yes you are. *the tramp, feeding lady spaghetti
now put a meatball in your mouth. yeah, baby!
this was like 3 weeks ago. calm down, you're being needy again vince.
oh chris i know it was 3 weeks ago lmfao it's just something i say =____=
whoa dug up a genuinely batshit pile of shareware weirdness
tfw u get home from the user's group meeting to have some alone time with your cheryl tiegs watch simulator...
it honestly does, me neither the show used to mean sm to me
same, it's such a shame
is this what woke truly is?
so woke and carb heavy
i wanna do a thrift shop video and show yall how i pick out my clothes
pls do ur style is so cute!!!
was planning to go for the spectacle, but got sick. he's talking abt ppl like me here. had i been there, i wd have...
proof that an english accent is good for at least 30 perceived iq points.
hello. you can give me a moment? . ook now. i need a hug please~
*hugs tightly* :&gt;
being dependent on people is the fucking worst i cant stand anyone
they can't stand you either
. and you'll never become bill o'reilly or sean hannity as desperately as you try, dick.
he'll always be a dick tough
. that was a good 'un!
hey, can't go wrong with billy shakespeare! :-)
thank u 4 yr hair loss article 4 , it hit home 4 me . can i take viviscal along w nutrafol? hair loss is no joke
- thank you! i always recommend each person review with their dermatologist before taking both together. xx
i was talking with a friend from aleppo when heavy airstrikes started targeting the city. i heard the planes, a loud blasts and he was gone.
-hopefully, he survived!
like he doesn't wanna be a bills fan anymore - told him he doesn't have the right to quit yet, hasn't earned it
lol if he wants to quit he is a real fan
i bet stitch is your favorite ride too.
what do you think i am?! a monster?!!
"an eye for an eye makes the entire world blind."
she's not seeking revenge............ but reform and justice.
i'm rooting for james to take home the 500k tonight! let's go jamsey!
the dude has done nothing to deserve to win it all.
yep. i also think it's very hard when ppl are telling you you're a saint not to start agreeing
&amp; hard not to take on advocacy as your identity, esp when you have to fight so hard for ur kid
lmaoo i would cry if i didn't know that he knew and it would be that much better
itll be okay tho, whats done is done heres no going back lol
probably going to add that to my bio.
good idea. that will help with your cover.
9. i'm in 9 group chats
make that 10
was planning to go for the spectacle, but got sick. he's talking abt ppl like me here. had i been there, i wd have...
proof that an english accent is good for at least 30 additional perceived iq points.
got the kid excited to read the kannada translation of laura ingalls wilder's "little house in the big woods"
great book, read it to my 7 yr old son.
no those are the videos of us
now you're making me blush
read the quote ma niga
living your entire life one way isn't jst trying to be someone. this is just a publicity stunt to stay relevant
to responding to above with "what about wisconsin?" trump has never led in a poll there. mitt lost by 7 pts/200k+ votes. ngh.
look again, he is not far behind....
american tv is actually awful. not only is there a stupid amount of commercial breaks but non stop ads for other shows over the actual show
this is why i only watch steaming on-demand tv.
plus a blunt
it's cuz of the blunt lol
when u got a whole bunch of righties on the bench. heck no
yeah noted righty sluggers like who?
nick diaz is smoking a fat joint with tommy chong lol
on my way fat smoke out yeeee!!!!
thanks for the likes. we're all in this together !
and thank you rick. i really appreciate the engagements
i miss your family
hey come live with us! pbs all day all night
i need to go
we pick a month and decide.
system of a down shouldn't be in the same sentence as metallica.
agreed. metallica not worth being associated with such excellence
plus a blunt
but i'll take another
hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured, get well soon. we need unity &amp; leadership.
mr trump america needs you more and more everyday!!! charlotte nc=trump911
i really wish ny was like jersey when it comes to the gas stations lol
dang you're that lazy you don't wanna pump ur own gas smh
i'll get some cream to cover that up
now you're turning me on
will give better head tho
that's true lol have them boyts nuttin in 10 seconds
you continue to spin your little election segment toward hillary. you will say it isn't true but just review your tapes. be fair.
strive for fairness every night
current i18n implementation in angular 2 only supports one locale at once. so you need separate bundles per locales. insane.
looks like the state if i18n and l10n in angular 2 final is quite disappointing
if i do one thing before i pass out, it's to let you all know how much rocks. i'm so glad she's on the top shelf team.
i heard she was kinda cool.
i absolutely do i know that violence and destruction is not the answer. and i don't want anyone killed
too late for that thought.
sold!! we'd have a blast
win lots of wine!
'waiting on november' by don
i ordered a jetblack and it don't even have a shipping date, i hope the stores will have stock somehow soon
only a 42% chance, and yet it feels as if trump is running unopposed. energy always wins.
scott, charlotte violence tonight caused a civilian shot dead by another civilian. not good.
dear university of north dakota () it appears more of your students are up to no good. your very few black...
can anyone determine whether the student targeted in dorm incident is safe? i am seriously worried abt her.
even crazier than the phillies battering chris sale is rick porcello is now super duper likely to win the al cy young.
yeah i think porcello is a lock, which is nuts. nl probably scherzer or lester.
see, i'm a purist - if the letters you need don't actually exist on the subway you shouldn't be allowed to use this...
also, colors should match reality.
i have no point being sad or angry, i may as well just get on with it. being challenged in life is inevitable. being defeated is optional.
god bless u henry! if we could all think like u, d world would b much better. i envy your attitude &amp; fighting spirit.
mets do the double-steal thing, too. two in scoring position with one out.
but we can't get the sac fly
culinary hype, trying sous vide cooking for the first time!
sporadically checking on the melting butter, good times.
corporate tax returns detail international business transactions.
right! so that's a 4th reason. probably many more i'm sure. doesn't matter to his (insane) supporters though so..
our daughter olive june was born yesterday afternoon at our home. she came into this world...
congratulations!
this gif look as if he had a very bad case of hiccuping but dam, that bzone body! # #...
haha! i just don't know what to day to that!!! just enjoying it!!!
"look at him, he doesn't give a damn about blacks." i'm almost sure, that you might be projecting your racial apathy
muslim is not a race, it's a death cult
i confess that in 20 years of arguably successful software engineering, i have never intentionally mapped or reduced.
i see talks on monads and flat mapping and wonder how i've never needed it. now it's suddenly essential.
trump's damnable, dangerous 2nd dog-whistle to shoot at clinton. vol. 6 of my new series
what a badass. love this! perfectly sums up what should happen to
didn't know that kelly johnson is a big time slugger who is great against lefties
yeah you're right, i would much rather have eric campbell in the game
bruh if they act how we act in reality how is it degrading black people
bruh they low key making a fool of how we act .. how they act on there bra is how we act in reality
t4: do you know what is? you should if you like . patient-centered outcomes research institute. let's get our families there
very cool - hadn't heard of it. thanks for sharing!
it's my last too! so excited to do it one last time. look forward to seeing you there!
can't wait!! yes!!! we can do a chapter meet-up!
so proud of you, luv!! finally, things are falling into place.
thank you so much monsterrrrr. i love youuuuu.
"whole lot of awesome in a box" showed up today.
banana twinkies?
me my eyes are closed
i'll watch it on on demand tmm fuck that
3 global leaders awarded by at includes couple heads of state.
great to meet you in person
bee flew in my car today driving home from school td, driving to a wake i find a spider in there and driving home there's another one lol
life's good
if only people were not idiots. these things would work out better. damn straight
to quote "a person is smart. people are dumb, panicky dangerous animals and you know it." what's the greater good
he isn't. murphy is
oh right because that's what we were talking about, dan murphy
i'm can't even expressed how sad i am sitting here watching things unfold in charlotte. folks getting tear gas. 1 person shot dead.
how do you feel about the injured police officers?
carefully.. all those people at the fed have been stealing for decades
the fact that the printing stays in the families is coming soon.
while i agree it's shite, it's og '96 which i like. logo doesn't matter does it?
as someone who was 17 in 1996, very few things from that era have aged well haha.
the greatest regret of my life is staying in the womb one too many days to be born 21st night of september.
look at you, screwing up before you were even born.
sometimes i'm insanely ashamed that my dog has to listen to me singing along to the soundtrack at the top of my lungs.
nice! what's you're favorite song????
awe she dreams abt marrying him
she seems sweet
nice meeting you in sf!
yes so great!!!! lmk if ever in nyc
i've had 2 random nose bleeds what is going on with me..
eat more iron/drink more water!!!
i...what?
those windows ads in the background too.
&amp; hard not to take on advocacy as your identity, esp when you have to fight so hard for ur kid
and then a lot of parents don't want to give that identity up, even when it's time to back off
german/irish, but my 1yo says "da" for yes, so the infiltration may be underway.
exactly the type i'd expect russia to hire. come to think of it, i'm german/irish.
what time did u get to the store by?
8pm the night before because i really wanted meet and greet, but if you go in the morning you should be fine
this british milf told me i was " a charming one" when i asked for her id for alc as a joke. you know niggas were souped
want to put it in her " arse"
[watching porn] boyfriend: why don't you ever do that? me: because you don't look like him.
omg that's a good one! you're so beautiful by the way!
i think especially since becoming a dad i am 100% okay with not choosing entertainment that emotionally exhausts.
i'm good with something heavy that resonates/gives insight into my life's heaviness, but this doesn't hit that for me
i have nothing to prove to you "my dear". you know nothing about me nor do i want you to. please, carry on with your little life.
we're done here. i'm dismissing you from the presence of my twitter account since you clearly have nothin...
saw today at a restaurant, wanted to say "coach, thanks for all you do 4 ", what i actually said "hi bob"
lol awesome
have a good night my friend!
same to you christine. i'll be in sunny florida tomorrow
get me out of this canoe
what's up folks
ever filled the tub up half way and rode it like a surfboard?
can't say that i have
that's not me .......
i gotchu babe
did it stay lit? i always have trouble with that little charcoal
yes it did. first time i didn't fill it up. almost didn't make it.
you have clear, young eyes. gorgeous. :d
why, thank you!
*sigh* thank you depressive "i'm worthless, nobody cares" feelings.
we love you! &lt;3 i'll keep you in my thoughts
richard cohen of on trump: "hitlerian in his thinking. he thinks the truth is what he says it is."
unamerican doesn't get it. he's a sad small man.
apparently braves think he is
oh right and if we are going to judge who is right we should judge based on what the worst team in the nl thinks
let's play that game again...
did this not me rip pls don't sue me i'm broke
i been better, but i'm old, so i'm doing ok, hope all is well with you, happy tweeting
glad to know you bill!!
lol... i wonder if get as excited as i do with that word? i guess probably more... because he's a dog.
technically he gets excited for "brunchies", but yes.
while i agree it's shite, it's og '96 which i like. logo doesn't matter does it?
it wouldn't matter if the revs were say, portland or orlando. currently, just adds to negative perception.
your parents &amp; shannons mom should have a get together
there's a huge difference between wine tuesdays and bottles of tequila
besides being the crackhead in new jack city he ain't did nothing else special to me
his amazing comedy specials?
nice shot! hiking or just escaping?
suck out early for a ride.
why are people getting violent. it just makes everything worse. martin luther king would be ashamed of us
there's that thing called rage, helpless, it's a release of frustration.
and how comfortable do you feel each time he gets in and players get on base? no nerves when reed comes in.
top 3 reliever and best reliever in nl
my freshman year, junior year and now senior year. damn time flies. i love you
you guys are so cute
no one is impressed by you not wanting to vote for either candidate bc you "morally" cant do it youre a fucking idiot
"im not voting" means "im white/male and the outcome won't affect me"
apparently braves think he is
kj has a higher ops in his career against lefties than righties. log off
very pretty
thanks boo!!
have you been to california
omg i'm speaking from my financial situation
i knw.. i'm passing by on friday to get yours
it's okay i have a few of them
and then a lot of parents don't want to give that identity up, even when it's time to back off
but jj is clearly more capable than maya thinks he is, even as she shouts down ableist outsiders
that's the whole problem. you stand with violence, rioting, and destruction of property.
so that's the "whole problem." i stand with people demanding to be seen and treated as equals.
this is a beautiful photo of new york buildings! was this just a stop on your regular commute?
no not regular. just walking around the city.
you helped create this riot. you are responsible for this.
how? did she train those cops to shoot to and kill? you and your kind are the real culprits. blame yourself!
after a while, you realize that most of the people paid to cover nascar by big outlets are just not people to follow on here.
i mean, i still follow a lot but so many of the driver accounts are expendable too
the ginger lashes gave you away. ;)
i really noticed them when i zoomed in.
when i was at work last week i began to really take notice of my voice. my god, it's so annoying. i have a really annoying voice! d:
/my/ voice is annoying. so squeaky.....
i think especially since becoming a dad i am 100% okay with not choosing entertainment that emotionally exhausts.
but maybe i just don't share enough life experiences w/ an unlovable hollywood burnout horse.
i am very worried and concerned about
i see y'all still ain't take phone
where is president ? is protesting and one dead among them. we are all better than this....
fundraising for hillary
thanks shari's cousin. early 50's. always sad but a blessing
oof, far too young. my best to shari and her family.
people keep grumbling about ios 10 ... but i learned you can draw messages... tempted to update just for that. ios 10 pros &amp; cons?
i've been using it since beta and don't see many cons? curious to know what people don't like about it
yeah no joke. did you block her?
yeah, i did. ain't got no time for thieves.
i just went on an unfollow spree.. people that haven't tweeted from 2012
lmao. that's when i deleted my old. and came up with the new. i sometimes regret it. lmaoooo
no but u think kelly johnson is a left handed slugger who is good against lefties
no i don't. i think he's a better option than the career minor leaguers on the bench
wasnt it that reyes didnt sell his soul and just got possessed?
kinda! it's weird and also stupid
it's never to early for on with hahah
please don't make walk the plank?! i'll tell ya where the treasure is!
what is with my cat bringing random single leaves into the house
that kitty be hating the single life
i always go for the second guy
lmfao i always go for the first.
first sip and i fell in love i got influenced by
where at? xd
how does the manager not know this?????
he doesn't know any reverse splits. does it with relievers constantly. it's plain ignorance at this point.
books men have thrown at me as prelude to emotional abandonment
music videos men have sent me links to as tacit apology
files created in are compatible with lt. this might help: ^jas
i closed the scene, re-opened it, "corruption" went away. all good, but had a minor heart attack in the interim. :)
be nice to tim, norma. he can't help being an old..uh..um..
i'm gonna put both of you youngin's over my knee. ya'lls gb group would have a "meltdown"
i rarely watch tv, but i'm home and have nothing to do. suggestions ?
i'm suggest listening to future purple reign, my currently playing or frank ocean blonde
one person was shot at a rally protesting police shootings in charlotte, n.c.
...and it was not a cop who shot the individual
what! you guys have a book! amazing. gonna have to order a copy for when i'm back home.
hey adam! it's true, i can barely believe we've done it myself! mid nov eta. u well?
this was my first "foreign" book. i read it when i was 9-10 in kannada. i have very fond memories of this series
i read the entire series as a kid. good stuff.
night.cold.warm hugs .wet ... perfect start of your day srkians omg ...sleep is gone
thought initially the tattoo was on his right chest????
just get a dink, plawecki. only need a single.
how about a walk after terry messed up big time
there will be a few more tickets available at the door but 1st come 1st serve basis
word is lots of room. 4 people outside and they won't let us buy tickets. how come?
why is faxing still a thing?
weirdly, faxing is considered more secure than email in the legal world
can you please explain to me how you look like this
ur sweet as fuck thank u babe
hahaha i mean i didn't know about pegging til idk 2013?? but regardless i don't wanna be responsible for exposing them to it!!
maybe i just had a fucked up adolescence
i like how u just looked that up
nah, someone else did and tweeted a screenshot in to my feed
walking around with my headphones in, and the air is getting a bit chilly and suddenly i'm in my own lil rom com.
isn't it the best when the perfect song comes on walking down the street and you just enter a different world
join us tomorrow for an exclusive event in melville, .
still waiting quality diffabled friendly camera not everyone has a right hand, hands or hand function 2use right handed shutter
me: so good to sit down and relax. brain: you sure everything is finished? me: yes? brain: yes? me: fuck!!
that's what it's like to have ocd
f22 fighters for postus
thanks pete!
be careful, colleagues travel with -- well, it's actually a cute "superbug" from . thank yo...
i'm glad he liked it! superbugs are not observers any more, they are here. we need to take action and prevent infections!
i'm pretty sure terry collins would drive me insane if i was a mets fan.
it's torture. but it does make for great radio the next day.
yes slide into my dms and lets set something up
yes okay i am so down
that is insane. where are you going?
williamsburg, virginia. it was on sale...can't pass up a good sale! haha.
looks like the state if i18n and l10n in angular 2 final is quite disappointing
if your angular 2 app needs more dynamic locales, you're currently better of with 's ng2-translate library -
"follows the sole survivor of a slave uprising on an interstellar cargo ship, and the onboard computer that falls in love with him."
that's a fucking rap concept album if i heard one. jesus that just sounds amazing conceptually. the idea is beautiful man.
always glad to meet fellow patriots.
lol, give em hell buddy!!
be nice to sarah! schumer owes her whole career to her!
?? not if you a !!! must watch!
eye am performing at the opening of the national african american museum of history and culture! history! iconic!
yasss iconic
murtaugh &amp; riggs are on the case. catch me in action in the premiere of tonight at 8/7c!
awesome beginning. tear jerker scenes, suspense, action..nice
i heard they replaced him with common doing all of electric circus!
encore with select hits from be &amp; the soda commercial he did with mya
performing tomorrow on right as the album comes out!
ifkskkwkwkwkw
when conforto came up, through his first idk maybe 100 abs he had better number's than trout and harper...
conforto was nasty when he arrived
omfg i wish we still had it bc that was so fucking funny
omg i think i still have pics
lol...clinton news network thought that they were exempt from targeting.
i love when the people they protect eat there on..zombies don't care!
performing tomorrow on right as the album comes out!
is this a joke
in honor of , this week for i want your choices for carson wentz's three characters.
some one is going to say ben natan three times
for fucking real tho
dude i barely leave my house and barely talk to anyone. they just make themselves look stupid!
be nice to tim, norma. he can't help being an old..uh..um..
facebook...great auto correct
i won a $240 catered party from chipotle.
send it to peninsula, rally up the boys and the clubs..golf and potle
yes for showing facts
that's good that's what's up
yes corey drag him
what happened
shut up we all know you date people to get to there dads
that has never happened
that's after it came to kentucky and got sent back to
yeah i saw that crazy, i think maybe they have scanning tricks in the tracking numbers, the units get shipped then scanned
you now officially belong. lol
the dog jumped out the window of our neighbors
yes what did we call it??
haha fuck dude i can't remember. something stupid as shit though haha
about to fall 5 gb w/10 to play. al east defense just about toast. focus just about getting homefield for wild-card game.
red sox destroying my orioles. that is one powerful team.
this is the end result of liberals replacing family with government handouts.
a simple jingo - what insight you have!
thank you so much for the birthday/house warming plant ! i love succulents! i assigned my unicorn to...
i thought i remembered you saying something about liking succulents a while back! and yay for unicorn!
says the muslim who will not condemn any of the barbarity in the koran.
thanks buddy! do they ever stop lying?
one year ago today i left to go be a marine. sorry i didn't go to college mom
that hair has to come back....
flying into the sun.
don't fly too close to the sun
but does the facetime date really count when i was in the room?
of course not! we both miss you but i miss you more
just after 45 seconds in. boom
thanks super cool
finally got it . your vocals are amazing as always. keep rocking girl. \m/
great group of songs.
i need my weekly dose of kryteria a few hours earlier on wednesdays! come on broseph! ahaha
yeah word...east coast morning time from now on
that's cool.
ah, no response to facts. enjoy this loss, i know i won't
i still haven't seen finding dory and i'm pissed about it. what kind of 90s kid am i?
plz go watch immediately
seriously, that is a beautiful iris... with flakes of gold. @
i had to brighten it a bit for the sake of detail. if i bump the contrast way up, a really cool pattern emerges!
and pretty sure every celebrity does that type of thing to become well known like they were in the beginning
that is not at all true
no twitter storm from me this time . have fun. i'm at the event.
great event here today
lmaooo...but why balloween tho? he ain't bloodin
not sure but its going to be a good balloween... well if the right... nevermind... i cant pick songs.... remember???
all 32 starting nfl quarterbacks ranked from worst to first
i don't read advertising tweets but hard to know how cody kessler could get ranked considering he has yet to play a game
isn't kevin the best?
i'm grateful &amp; delighted to network w/ &amp; connect w/good kind peeps.
my girls r hs &amp; elem. schedules r not compatible at. all !! i could sleep 2 wks i think
not even jan or feb breaks?
even if you have a legitimate reason to protest, why destroy your own city?
perhaps because it's not "their city"?
trump promises change from 'corrupt establishment' in ohio
he *is* the corrupt establishment. release the tax returns.
14% responsible for 50% of murders usually means more police interaction aka better chance of being shot by police.
provide the proof that the 16 people shot were awful murdering murderers and get back to me.
i'm not part of any lives matter bullshit. i don't really fucking care
then why are you bugging me?
is that real?!?
babe imagine?? it would be the dumbest tattoo ever. miss you &lt;3
i just realized im taking the sat test the same day as the homecoming dance
you can do it!
meanwhile in a black man shot a black man,again! can tweet that every 15 mins &amp; be right
is the black man who shot the other black man in a blue uniform, who swore to protect and serve? is he paid with our tax dollars?
don't usually hear cheers from the home crowd after a home player is almost hbp.
i"m still miffed over the reed removal. good lord.
ya i read a little of the origin but it sounds like they are changibg it for the show which is good
ideally he'll just be a straight rider, though there are plenty of marvel demons worth adapting
we are not far away my friend!! shall we send you some food? hope you are well?
how thoughtful!
hahah no!!! tickets for the sharks game
wtf for what game??!!
why i'm leaving new york
where r u going next sam escobar
they found more?
yea it was like a pressure cooker
i know ppl go through psychosis. i don't doubt that it's real at all. the way they're writing about it annoys me.
absolutely. first season was by far the best. it made sense. now it's like
takes entire day for you to realize how stupid you are
you're right :/
corey looking fine as ever
i want to see it can't watch yet
yeah that's how you get a sponsor lol
lol im not being serious we all got our own cash
harry reid is doing everything he can to get under trump's skin,says he and romney agree on one thing,release taxes.
why vote 4 so-called uber-successful billionaire who refuses 2 give us any insight into how he manages his finances?
it was a cotton candy sky and 's new record. i felt like i was in a psychedelic dream miss you gurl
same girl! my event is this weekend so maybe we try and get together next week? we still gotta go climbing!
the american dream is dead to me. they'd rather see us dead anyway.
this shit is so much more than a hashtag bro. this shit is so much more than news coverage that goes away after a fucking week.
can't wait for fox to break away from (terrible) charlotte coverage for trump's taped town hall on "core black issues."
they moved it
sporadically checking on the melting butter, good times.
all i can think about rn is melting down a stick of butter alongside 1/2 a bottle of frank's red hot.
well if you get any of these numbers over 1 you should be very happy because then you are super viral.
so by that logic if 1 user brings on 1 new user organically within 14 days, you'd see that as impressive? thanks!
it is "mo - ah - nah" right?
yep! i thought it was like moan-uh.
lol. that would have been amazing though
maybe that's how i should learn kannada?
kevin plawecki strikes out vs. ian krol to leave the bases loaded. 3, 3, end 8
cus you know, loney is such a give away against a lefty, terry needs to be fired with all this lefty lefty crap
it comes back!
good to know. rebooted watch and phone. still not there.
if you could add one of these listed players to your favorite team's franchise, who would you pick?
chargers could really use a player like mack
i like how u gave up already "to the worst team in the nl"
i like how you are justifying kevin plawecki taking one of the biggest abs of the mets season with "he's a righty!"
i'm super surprised that this guy who was in an anti-abortion commercial has shitty opinions about the kaepernick a...
america's most privileged white man under 40
and the gag is: neoliberal moderates will insist that we can simply reform the system to make it work for all of us.
they'll quote mlk while doing it, even tho he called them on their shit 50 years ago
missing tour
you guys gotta post the video of the house show!
they won't. i hope. or maybe they did and we are all already dead
if you can't tell, you are in an episode of lost.
me watching gaga give the ny monsters everything
not all of them
tx and everyone! glad i could join in tonight
it was great to see you again!
isn't kevin the best?
so much of twitter is blood sport. wonderful 2 find kindred spirits.
you can name your southwest trips.
there are lots of things i like about southwest tbh
be nice to tim, norma. he can't help being an old..uh..um..
my "backups"
through the day.
this is such a powerful song
magnificent seven is now a comedy with a western setting pratts characters sees the mexican character "great a mexican" then starts dance
as i remark to friends: "oh, look- they're re-remaking the seven samurai."
woah that's cool. congrats frank!
echoing the sentiment!
the mp10 on the cover is based on one of the ko's...i think?!??
interesting. i couldn't tell you, i don't own that mold at all.
nice try kevin plawecki!!! have fun in binghamton next year you fucking loser
i missed it what happened
no they fuckin dont tf this isnt a fact. girls like to be called by theit first fuckin name. chill wit that shit
alright bby girl calm down
what no american horror story is on.
could have re-taken the lead in the 8th. someone k'd with the bases loaded.
thanks for the recent follow happy to connect :) have a great thursday. &gt;&gt;
nah thank you emulsive film, you're the real hero
sus how is it tht tht ahmed guy supposedly planted the bombs &amp; shot at police &amp; didnt get killed but they stay killing unarmed black people
not all cops are the same
breaking: officials: man shot during charlotte protests has died, was not wounded by police officer.
what is up with all this violence?
no sorry obama isn't responsible for racial tension.
it has to be the dumbest response to these incidents on the net. just so much stupid it's overwhelming
so self-righteous
no, just trying to be helpful. you have cause and effect wired up backwards, thought you might want to know
kevin plawecki strikes out vs. ian krol to leave the bases loaded. 3, 3, end 8
and now this prick swanson will probably hit a home run or something to win the braves the game
aleppo, kiev, riga, warsaw, berlin . . . let me know when putin reaches a place you care about
when ppl bring back the russian menace that threatens to march on berlin, it is intellectual regression/ coping
not having renters insurance was (is?) the least on-brand thing about bobby
one of my favorite moments ever :)
this is so unbelievably cloying and stupid that for a fraction of a second it made me sympathize with the alt right
what if the alt-right were a skittle?
kevin plawecki strikes out vs. ian krol to leave the bases loaded. 3, 3, end 8
that was the worst managed innings in a long time. top and bottom
takes entire day for you to realize how stupid you are
but then again it's been over 17 years for you and you still haven't figured it out for yourself :/
you're not gonna make it to your own wedding boy
go get me coffee please
glad i'm not the only one that thought that
these girls got bad taste lmao
could you periscope gwen's set? looks like she'll perform during sting's set, too: thanks if you can! :)
i'll periscope the duet if i have a good view :-)
pretending i was ever this tan but its just a filter @ hedonism...
gorgeous baby doll
it always makes you think of startrek kirks archenemy kahn was frozen in 1997
or that ridiculous rumor about walt disney being frozen
did terry just waste everyone on the bench?
sadly, no. it's september. there's more where that inning came from.
- sitya loss ||for more visit
thanks for the play
my girls r hs &amp; elem. schedules r not compatible at. all !! i could sleep 2 wks i think
schools here follow the same calendar. are you a charter school;?
i was rooting for you anika but i cant fuck with you after you killed rhonda
are... are these friends of yours?
did terry have a lobotomy that we were never made aware of?
having familia come back out is probably not the best idea either.
apparently there will be no bridgegate toll for with .
true in action.
you know they are
girl, erin and jay. tuckson is trash to me. you know that. lol
lmao bihh "it's cool i gotta ft jesse anyways"
i didn't i just said that
freeman kills righties. gotta go left on left there. he blooped it on a broken bat
collins needs to go, pinching hitting loney for plaweicki? wasting the bat of kelly johnson? this guy needs to go
suits are made in sweatshops too, can confirm with the male guests where their clothes come from?
sorry that i missed this great question.
cnn is better - you get to see liberals plowed over on live t.v.!
i love it. maybe can sent down there too.
so with alvarez-mcgregor, wouldn't ufc 205 do well over 900k? conor's last three ppvs are all top-four all-time.
yeah with him for sure over 1million. he has a huge fan base that actually buys ppvs. thought you asked me with him not on
i'm so offended bella thorne is dating tyler posey but at least it's not dylan o'brien
why does she get all the hot guys like idgi
what are you doing
watching 49er central. have you ever seen it? very good!
ask me your questions using !!
since you can speak, did you do any research with people who can't for this role?
. is nice. they were one of the 1st to drop a chancleta meme but quickly dropped when became trite.
in addition to that, i never wanna see a soraya memes or dress/talk to/ask a cholo video
if anyone ever asks you why tc is a horrific manager, show them this game.
yesssss. fire collins. worst game he has ever managed; and there's many to pick from. good lord!
hey! no one asked for a woman's opinion.
i am so sorry - i'll just be in the kitchen preparing you all some nice snacks
i take my chances then rather to have a lefty hit against a lefty specialist.
kelly johnson has a higher ops in his career against lefties than righties.
this is such a powerful song
i've had it on repeat all week
this win comes on the same day our mountain jane doe is identified. it took 47 years - she finally has a name:
and without further ado.. the now emmy-award winning web series, "the dead unknown"
i'm not sure either. i know people were unhappy they can't swipe to unlock anymore... but i use my fingerprint to unlock lol
if people are pissed they have to push the button instead of swipe then i just don't know what to tell them lol
hahaha at school?
yea in the cafeteria
that's what i always say!!!!!!!!
he is god awful. he really is.
so many pix from sc but like look how happy i was to be back
visit tomorrow i didn't see you today
the best moment on when and her ex give their son joshua a car. his reaction was so awesome!
- he was so surprised! it was awesome!
this is real
sadly it is. the post is a rag. then again, it's owned by the same company as fox news channel.
my mom will only make steak when josh is over. like how is that fair ?
don't forget there was sesame in it, which means you can't have it
- sitya loss ||for more visit
brand new tune star
they actually did a black lives matter song tonight
is it serving a purpose tune n to cnn live footage no grammys or oscars there ijs
indy voters: if you are thinkin' about votin' for trump, you might be roomies with this feller who attacks gold sta...
absolutely deplorable. a new low.
yes they are. i'm really happy that we were able to get it without having to dish out a butt load of money too. ;-)
oh man, i drove myself crazy looking for 3 weeks how to get it, then i had a friend in japan go to a release event
: i lost track of the convo. summary please?
read from here. it's all you need-
i'm not sure if i should be happy or depressed about that.
let it slide until about the 12th inning
safer than risking an accident due to tiredness no?
totally. i'm not mad at all- unless it was just an excuse because he didn't want to drive me to oakland
steve harrigan: "this is just a pure cloud of tear gas now."
watching the tattooed pierced woman sit down alone in front of 100 cops. idiot. this isn't kent state. you're not brave. moron.
hmmm why is that?
because i don't trust the the word of the pds anymore. they've shown that they'll lie through their teeth
amazing behavior by a famous firm.
can't imagine why they put their integrity on the line,
:( i had to switch from "two step verification" to "two factor auth" which was weird but eventually it worked out
yup did that which was also interesting and poorly explained
just googled yellow vented bulbul and that is not one of them.
i'll ask kamal and let you know what he says.
my little cousin is hella mad cuz i cancelled the hulu account and he can't watch some shit called scream queen
ur a cold hearted bitchh whyyyy would u deprive that boy
that makes a lot more sense than the tracking history i can see right now
very clever way speed the shipment without opening and scanning each box
is ahs any good this season ?
this season is totally different than any other season but its iight, it wasn't pitiful or nothing like that.
lmao "heading to the altar tho" me too its cool real niggas catch them love ls sometimes too ...
nah fam! that's not a love l, you're winning! i'm just trying to follow your footsteps. jagged edge has me in my feelings tho
this shit is so much more than a hashtag bro. this shit is so much more than news coverage that goes away after a fucking week.
so if you call me your friend, and you dont give a fuck about whats going on right now, fuck you. i dont give a fuck about you.
spy looks like it wants out of 50ma. i still have a little over a buck to go before i get squeezed.
always good to have the cushion. i bought some positions at the close today.
that's it. i'm not opening my dresser again until i can "figure out what's going on."
better build a wall, just to be safe.
this season of ahs looks so stupid... i'm very upset
episode one was great
follow
follow
there was definitely a point in time where this was mind-blowing.
tbh the fx in this clip still hold up
kevin plawecki shouldn't even take a bat to the plate. it should just be a happy gilmore at the batting cages situation.
would rather have tebow up there
kevin plawecki saw five pitches that at-bat. four of them were balls. he struck out swinging. on to the ninth. 3, braves 3.
but honestly though what a fool plawecki is. bases loaded, tie game- ball coming right for you and you dodge it. smh
today, we launched a new report showing how more restrictive use of force policies help prevent police violence:...
thank you
she's so fucking weird too!! i'm sad
i know omg do you have her on snapchat? it's so bad
all you need to do is look at who is ripping kessel locally &amp; nationally to know that supporting him/enjoying the tweet is the right opinion
go internationally and include don cherry, too
he'll always be there for her.
good morning
who snitchin
my cousin bruh
been missin this noob for 27 days
omg h8 u miss u tho love u tho
so then u go get a managerial job at the highest level. if u know it all. bc tc got a injury plagued team over achieving
oh right, terry collins is the reason that the mets have stayed in the race. you don't deserve a good baseball team
me and caits mom's conversation &gt;&gt;&gt;
i could just kms reading this
but who needs clothes when you can wear sound?
why we're the founders wearing clothes?!
shemiel shamazal
-and we'll do our way just our way.....
solano with his first hr in the majors
not exactly. he has several years of big league experience
sick as a dog. my roomie is kind of enough to make me tea while i try to knock out while watch zootopia.
feel better. hope you don't have the steve bug.
there was definitely a point in time where this was mind-blowing.
my fave part was when they zoomed out to the studio like they had just been filming this one shapeshifter
andre is annoying and crazy as usual. now we got to deal with this white ghost bitch with an attitude
i thought i was the only one who found andre annoying.
september 20th 2019 we will both grow out man buns and beards
lmao i'll be right there to see that shit
drawing a self portrait. i'm kinda happy with this considering how bad i am at stuff like this
love the texture in the hair
yes they are. i'm really happy that we were able to get it without having to dish out a butt load of money too. ;-)
i have had cd for a few weeks now, but i feel braggy talking about how awesome the cd is when no one else can hear
get you a girl who can do both tho
yo but fletch kicked me in the face at my show
one person killed during protest in charlotte, nc; shooter was civilian, not police, city says.
stop the violence already!
opinion: 'if wells fargo is not what it promised, what does that say about the banking industry as a whole?'...
just cut 2 francis,the bernie"handshake"the "royals"/bank dynasties&amp; we'll all cut generously 2 sezing means of prod&amp;distrb
pretty epic lack of coherence from trump, even for him.
didn't don king murder a guy? stomped his skull in if i remember correctly.
youngin growing up
i know hella "oh she legal now"
wtf for what game??!!
october 12 against la
so he's doing a heck of a job and one time something doesn't work that he tries u gonna blame him.
no he's not doing a heck of a job he is doing an objectively terrible job
she's so fucking weird too!! i'm sad
ok didn't she just break up with gregg
this is tonight too?!
yea follow my page; i'll be live tweeting the whole thing
i'm almost 56. if i talk to you in 20 years i'll need to borrow your teeth.
hahahahahaha. i know we don't agree on much, prof. but that was really funny.
although that is a valid question for tuckson even if we aren't on the same ship side
nothing ends a relationship sooner than facebook. i hope they are fbo.
breaking: one person killed in civilian-on-civilian shooting during charlotte protests over fatal police shooting
protesting a police shooting by shooting each other does what exactly?
it takes me less than 10minutes to do 5 sets on the squat rack, why does it take everyone else in the gym at least 30-60minutes?
because you're small dude. don't get ya tired.
i bike when it's cold.
i love biking in the winter... only stop when ice/snow mean i might fall and get hit by a car
nobody cares about a stupid bridge closing. hillary had a secret server &amp; destroyed emails.
nothing found dope. bridgegate, bondi, trump u, trump foundation all real.
i am at the airport!
tsa pre-check; pre-approval to keep you stinking shoes on. cool
yes! next week is perfect. are you going to the meadows?!
awesome lets do it! nooo, that looks amazing though! are you working it?
westminster
omg that's kinda far ? xd thaaaanks~~
who said that? ?
he among others if i am not mistaken...
i do! all that chest pulsing is making my heart goes kathuum kathumm hahahaha
i will never look at a hiccup the same way ever again!!!! who knew hiccups could be this exciting??? bwahahaha!!
kevin should have took for for the team and just got hit by the ball
too mad to realize there's two for's
need an apple and pb delivered to my bed rn
i got it for myself thanks for the help everyone
friends. we need to help the kids of out ok? the goal is just $25k. let's do that tonight ok?
it's up to $74,000 which goes to show that most people are good at heart.
johnson is better against lefties, so tc pulls him. pitcher can't find the plate, tc let's hitter swing on 2-0. this is inexcusable.
the most excruciating regular season game in three years. just abominable.
- sitya loss ||for more visit
brand new tune
sources: conor mcgregor healthy, willing to fight at msg for lightweight title
what the hell is going on with these negotiations lol.
lol should've said wassup man if anything knowing you thought it'd be a bother , bothers me lol if anything shit would be
you were with a bunch of peeps. didn't want to be rude hermano. next time for sure!
*what is history but a fable agreed upon? time dissipates to shinning ether the solid angularity of facts.*...
[the most dangerous game] *..only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go...
is there nothing donald trump has touched that isn't infected by sleaze?
it just becomes sleazier!
kevin should have took for for the team and just got hit by the ball
took one*..too mad to tweet correctly
one person has died amid protests in charlotte, north carolina, following fatal police shooting, city confirms:...
don't expect unifying words from the kenyan
breaking: one person killed in civilian-on-civilian shooting during charlotte protests over fatal police shooting
so they say
starbucks is literally waiting for the vernal equinox to have passed for this sale.
we are glad you are on the case
federal court tells religious minorities to accept christian prayers. sigh:
. but they're all still talking to an imaginary sky friend who cares if you touch your own genitalia.
they all perished immediately, like in two seconds
friday says -dont drive while maltese
terrignos only leads the league in kaiser &amp; steak rolls
lmfao fuck so true but donuts&gt;rolls so t's unfortunately takes the l
thanks so much claire for sharing have a wonderful night xxoo
thank you for all the love!! good night!!!
happy belated bday hope you had a great day yesterday!
that is the iconic nick pic
add your name now to join the millions of americans who are with hillary all the way to the white house!
armageddon by morris partners in crime by corsi yes! hillary's by d'sousa white house no! maga trump for president! 1st
so i got an 89 on a quiz i swore on everything i failed &amp;&amp;&amp; i received a 97 on my first paper for my capstone course ( senior seminar)
i still wanna know how you did better than me
we get to vote in either jason or jozea for !!!!
you talking about
black charlotte cop crying after protesters ask whether the job was worth the black lives killed...
must be hard it was a black cop that killed him. my daughters bff a young black man is graduating from the academy this week.
"nike confirm self-lacing shoes will hit stores this year"
this something for
they froze disney's head!! or so people believe but yeah like u said its not true
it is just an annoying tale that circulates
oh snap, shit george and i are doomed
watch out now
why don't you myob and let people practice whatever religion they choose? simple as that.
that is the equivalent of saying the world should have minded its business with nazism.
yes!!! always some where crying being hysterical. big ass crazy sweaty baby
hahahaha. right? makes me nuts when i have to endure him.
dog base-running by cespedes. don't care how good you see, you can't dog it!!!!!
no 2-0 red light for plawecki?
thx for the clarification! ah, btw, is thr ages old (3years +) "scrolling randomly breaks but works again after standby" fixed?
no idea, sorry. i'm mostly in the dark about ui related things.
i saw you with an ice pack on your wrist walking out from your game and i wanted to know if you were okay
i sprained my wrist
got my "other people's children" signed and pic with lisa delpit!! so excited :)
this is golden! i was so tired i ran home, but sorry i missed giving you a good hug!
what the devil
the devil is busy
hush, both of you. the old tapes of me on college radio are the worst.
now i know that has gotta be a lie.
rabid animals need to be controlled before anyone else gets hurt or dies.
"rabid animals?" this started off as a peaceful demonstration until it got escalated by police usage of rubber bullets/tear gas
he soft, and hasn't been a factor in like 5 years. he can kick the finest of rocks.
you sir, can catch these hands.
whoa careful what you tweet there dude
oh shit its safe + sound dj quik
my column on fleabag, a nasty-funny, brilliantly structured heartbreaker about a single woman in london:
so love the show, but you write it was a "job interview." wasn't it an interview for a loan?
i don't get it. because they "caught a bug"?
it doesn't really make sense. lmk if you figure it out
hello fellow rough n tumble bikers please point us to the nearest turkey leg stand please
now have your old man roll up a pack of marlboros in his sleeve
9-5 ! mason williams is havin himself a good night!
can this game never end
jr qb ryland heimann engineers 80-td scoring drive, colfax leads gs, 22-0 4:45 2q
you're learning
ooh i guess it's officially ahs: roanoke then. there goes my theory that s6 will be a series of unrelated docs.
us to. not disappointed though!
buck showalter made a pitching change w two outs in the top of the 9th, with nobody on base, down 5-1.
aaaaaaaaand then farrell does practically the same thing in the bottom of the 9th.
i've had it on repeat all week
someone very close to me was born dangerously premature &amp; that line really hit me. i hope your sister is doing amazing now
oh shit its safe + sound dj quik
yeah it looks bad just realized
why don't you myob and let people practice whatever religion they choose? simple as that.
tell that to muslims.
we're here to help. let us know what ios version you currently have on your iphone and if the app is up to date.
ios 9.2.1 and my app is up to date.
fmk - radio life - jingle paperback sur radio life coute
brand new tune star
adjective. describing kaytra's "new shit". there's a silent "is" in that sentence lol
oh wait... the "is" is in there
i have this huge urge to run around screaming 'roland!!!!' like what's her name
roland is a terrible name. makes me think of old greasy bikers
it seems obvious, and yet
i've actually asked one of my band mates to do vox and was met with an enthusiastic no
sucks not knowing weather this is all talk or if you're being 100%
nothing's ever 100%
i literally did not think it could get any better but i have been proven wrong
skater war!
at first i thought this was a joke but apparently this is actually the cover of the new york post today
i looked everywhere here for this paper, i couldn't find it! im not sure if it is, whatsoever..
was it the best movie of the decade masterpiece five stars amazing?
it was fine
fs fog collection two flannel shacket red/black xl nwt $230 shipped overnight shipping
what is retail on this?
orioles are falling apart at the worst possible time of year
can't rely on the hr every game
her whole campaign theme is depressing
i know what's up with
hes as good at that as i am hiding my problems
you cant hold your problems together you can barely hold a friendship together
how did kaepernick even get that fro in a football helmet
he doesn't have to he rides bench
cnn reporter hit by a protester, knocked over after chaos erupted in charlotte, nc
so sorry that happened to ed...what is wrong with people? don't they realize it just makes them look bad?? negates everything.
as a woman of color i am so upset that these protests are now ridiculous riots wtf does that solve? this is embarrassing
it's the same reason ppl always choose violence- no justice and no change
i came across it and sent the pic to my husband. didn't get the reaction was expecting. i guess he's a customer
most guys wld lv idea grntd, prtculrly my boyfrndif he cm hm w/tht...let's jst sayhe wld nd proctologist 2gt itout
i cant really with the latest cycle of a black person getting shot by a cop, cons defending it, people protesting, cons slamming them.
media is complicit. never is the root of the problem discussed. disgusting.
so i give the credit to terry
lol you give terry credit for tj rivera and granderson getting hot. laughable
staunton is "home", went to uva, also "home." lived in fair oaks for a while (during 9/11)
i went to uva as well. class of 98. i was in living in fairfax during 9/11, but was in falls church with friends during it
no, no ... i asked what the difference in ppv buys would be, if that would be more than 500k.
k. well over 500k buys
wow this is a 2014 throwback when i had just got the whole instagram thing together
audrey hepburn vibes
don't judge
its hard not to
hotep dudes with hotep thoughts spouting hotep jibberish
american hotep story (look it up)
i was gonna say lol
lol yo fool come coach our team
let's wait on pricing. 1:125 sync is too slow.
i'm not a flash user at all. saw central shutter in lens as key strength of , do you agree? their lenses are sloow...
a very special sunday evening the professor of soul t.s. with the formula dancin' &amp; lovin' 7-9pm gmt
brand new tune star
hoping tonight's message might encourage some of you. airs on tbn at 9:00 cst. because, folks, we could use some gi...
watching now
if fans sing same songs stay proud regardless of performance how can we blame kraft?
50,000+ empty seats each game. walkouts have happened before. team has drawn 5-digit crowds in playoffs b4.
if kg retire then dirk and vince carter really gotta hold it down a few more years for us real niggas childhoods
is vc currently signed anywhere?
wait but you speak bad on mad niggas you used to fw
nah some of them really just need to know so i tell em how i feel so shut up
you tell me. happy to join anytime. maybe next week?
sure dm me to set it up. tomorrow night or next week or whenever it works for you.
she just popped out for two seconds lol.
damn i missed it i was on tumblr lol
i am so glad i can finally tell yous!! yasssssssss! jason vote jason on !
so excited yes all 20 votes for for yay jason so happy for jason!
fair, i've had that happen back in the taxi days but not in our uber/lyft age
i've had it happen on before but not lyft. good news is driverless cars love driving to oakland.
it feels like living in a dirty sock.
dude that's such a great way to put it!!
turning 23 in a little over a month. totally not cool whatsoever at all. like 150% uncool
welcome to the club
this is golden! i was so tired i ran home, but sorry i missed giving you a good hug!
it's all good, it's a school night. about to take a bath and head to bed myself :) open house tomorrow!!
that's an excellent point
jai gunna be in a diffeerent school this time next yer. ill be shopping for cofffins have fun moi
didn't don king murder a guy? stomped his skull in if i remember correctly.
yes, yes he did
playing link to the past with our toddler.
mommy's favorite game of all time
i didn't make no sense that's how tight this tweet got me
lmfao i was gonna tell you that but i figured you'd catch it
i saw your dad at pommys, we need to get together soon!!
we need to make plans really soon!!!! it's been so long
why don't you myob and let people practice whatever religion they choose? simple as that.
really? have you read a koran? sorry, second class citizenship (at best) is not for me.
...and i'm not saying that bc i'm having a top secret affair w
i knew it! ps wish i could afford having you record my voicemail announce. but wonderful you are doing it for charity.
i always wonder what to do with 8th/9th c monastic donations by people called solomon, david, etc.
not super common, but we end up with the occasional jewish merchant named muhammad in the 10th-12th.
this internet law professor agrees it's s bad idea!
is a bad idea and illegal. can sue bho. the commerce dep has violated federal ...
i am truly sorry to hear that happened and i am confident we can fix it. what zip code? what specifically is not connecting? ^alc
10504 zip code. it dropped service in 10036 2 hours ago and has not recoverd.
my goals wyatt just kept giving me the mic and looking at me and fletcher did some anime flips off the wall
fuck yeah he held the mic out for cloak amd hi i pisst
progressives want a say on filling top positions in a clinton administration
i guess they'll need to vote for to have the opportunity to join the party.
her whole campaign theme is depressing
she and i are the same age and i wouldn't be caught dead in those clothes
so self-righteous
also, your name is "liberals are sheep". that's super hypocritical, heads up. hth.
friends the unthinkable has happened: i have run out of garlic
at the county fair over the weekend i got some garlic honey- super good to cook with
this is counterproductive foolishness. cnn reporter hit by protester, knocked
he did say the guy went up to him later on and apologized to him and hugged him
our room in anaheim has a fireworks-facing balcony. gonna be a great week. kids are gonna love it.
welcome to the west coast
i'm smarter, more educated, and more financially successful than your dumb ass will ever be.
and how much financial success will be left after wall street drains your investments dry??
[if we were honest on first dates] "i can't believe i put a bra on for this."
ha ha love you! i just went on a first date that had bad breath ugh! definite deal breaker!
why don't you myob and let people practice whatever religion they choose? simple as that.
the muslim conman has found a useful idiot.
haha i love your header image :)
when is the update out? super excited to play ... with myself?
as rioters burn charlotte down 2nite, good time to remind everyone that 3,400 blacks have been shot by other blacks in chgo so far this yr.
hey, nothing in charlotte is burning. but i imagine your hemorrhoids are.
unsure about this season of , but if it's similar to s1 i'll give it a chance.
sarah paulson deserves all the awards though (as always)
if fans sing same songs stay proud regardless of performance how can we blame kraft?
doesn't matter if fans protest. only thing that gets bk's goat is bad press- hence 1 bad article led to jj.
hey now thinks is a phishing site?
no problem for me? version 53.0.2785.116 (64-bit)
lol wait.. we're going to be the same age??
haa cant tell me shit
he's has kinski's sins, without any of his "charms."
no way to edit it :-( he has kinski's sins, without any of his "charms." what an age of mediocrity.
i don't understand what roles rioting, looting &amp; assaulting people play in a constructive
part of the process, when you loot more people hit the street and then they want theirs. i was ground zero for the rodney king riot
i hope she didnt steal the dress ..lol
ray, grow up.
you and i would have a blast. i have thought so since i first saw you at wendy's hot talk table!
- thank you kayla!!! we would have a blast!
why don't you myob and let people practice whatever religion they choose? simple as that.
so you are into islamic sex slavery and child marriages. sad.
ya so screw you you stuck up, politically correct war monger
of course i do, i'm an entertainer and public figure on social media
scale of 1/10 how happy am i in this photo? the right answer gets a free ticket
it was 4.7 everyone sucks except
jeva is getting mad at me because i keep watching this
he is still watching it
yeah, he's good
my point is despite how good you should contribute to the entire season to win awards
yea i had hoped they would develop him a little more this season. but that ghost aint let him get right. sick of him
i agree with you. sometimes i turn the channel when he is on.
not super common, but we end up with the occasional jewish merchant named muhammad in the 10th-12th.
and of course the broader problem here is the assumption that certain names are or aren't marked religiously...
mumbai in india, i hear. i get threats daily, cell and landline with us area codes. mostly recordings.
i was really hoping to talk to them. i had a few things to say.
it's me sitting alone in an empty hangout for hour 13 of meetings for the day
cool people showed up now this is me
no theme song this season for
i don't think so as this season is inspired by actual events
you okay there ?
it's okay, i allowed him to marry her until i 18, he go sing tek time for me :))))
mylan pharmaceuticals ceo defends company's decision to increase price of epipen before congressional panel:...
the market demand for a life saving medication is infinite; clearly this isn't a good way to calculate fair cost...
i wonder when our presidential candidates will touch on the whole crooked police thing
they love talking about how dangerous refugees are to this country, yet there's a plethora of dangerous trigger happy people called the cops
why don't you myob and let people practice whatever religion they choose? simple as that.
because islamic law is for all. that is why.
but we're not portland or orlando. we're the revs. i don't want to be like them.
just saying that team is not considered a "big deal" where the logo would be secondary. bad logo part of issue
lucky just tear gas. should be appalled at the rioting and looting.
". . . police in riot gear fired tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse a demonstration. . ."
beetle, high pitch, wendy, bigfoot, and hanzi. how about you?
in order of pure entertainment: sour shoes, hanzi, beetle, wendy, jeff the drunk. wait for my full breakdown.
kevin plawecki strikes out vs. ian krol to leave the bases loaded. 3, 3, end 8
no red light on 2-0 to a 190 hitter?
stinker bunts .314 hitter dansby swanson to move a runner up for .156 hitter emilio bonifacio. baseball managers are dumb.
lol dude that is a drop in the bucket compared to ole terry tonight
so exactly 4 months ago today and i got married and the video evidence is finally here
one minute in and i'm already crying.
can someone please come over and make me a grilled cheese sandwich? (cc my mom)
i wish i saw this earlier
should be studying for pre calc quiz but greys is too intense
omg i took my pre-calc exam today it was cake u got dis. watch greys u good baegirl
hate what i brought up probs more lol
i hate all of it. people are ridiculous
thoughts? imo no way. it's a privilege of time to be able to contribute to oss. job hunting/working full time = no...
i think of oss like going to the gym to work out. working on code is good practice. it prepares me.
same: version 53.0.2785.116 (64-bit)
maybe specific article link and not whole site?
this is not a protest. it's a riot!
there are more police on the scene than protesters - who's doing the rioting?
it's not your birthday yet....just can't wait 2 start accumulating the party items hope you have room 4 all of us tomorrow
i rented body armor
it's september baseball. you have to use the favorable match ups
loney is a better hitter than plaweicki, plaweicki sucks
i've never been so aware of how often dogs are in commercials than when i'm with elliot. he's barking at this tv as much as i am tonight
he's also not a fan of all the characters from
could i know more about the project? you can find my portfolio at thanks!
hey ashlee! i already found someone, but i'll save your contact for future projects. thanks :)
has it really been almost a month since i've seen ? i need to schedule an event soon!
i'll just leave this here. this will be nothing short of fantastic! ...
and of course the broader problem here is the assumption that certain names are or aren't marked religiously...
...which, in this context, normalizes or "secularizes" as unmarked some very christian names.
watching mr robot season finale even tho i'm behind and have no clue what's going on but it's ok bc staring at rami
leigh don't do this to yourself start from the beginning and enjoy rami's development into daddyness
hey , definitely say hello next time. my cohort wasn't around tonight, so i brought a fill-in. hope you had a good time too.
jordan, please stay away from them. they're scary folks.
as far as marketing its up to us fans in boston to make others aware
that is, pretty simply, not something that has any chance of real success.
where are you sitting again?
lmao exact same thing. 211 row 12 seats 10-12
the dumbest shit reminds me of u lmfao
lmfao im crying
it looks like a documentary
i think that's the point it's going to tie in with the end of the season obviously i'm excited
time to drop langford for howard? or hold on langford and drop the newly one handed corey coleman for howard?
not time just yet to drop langford. and we need more info on coleman first. anyone else at the end of the bench you can drop?
plane crash broke my heart lol and derrick dying i cried like a baby
stoppp im only on season 9 i literally just watched the plane crash yesterday bro... crying mad hard lmfao
obduction got really good but i still had to google something because i missed a literal sticky note that was blocking my progress
which puzzle?
they're taking familia out. he was getting gooooood.
they're staying with him
mark from plainville, conn., wrote that his drug for crohn's disease went up from $75 a month to $700 a month and h...
this is outrageous
yes!!! always some where crying being hysterical. big ass crazy sweaty baby
your description is perfection. big ass sweaty baby.
uh he's still on the grizzlies i thought. either way he not done yet. he still can ball
i thought his contract was up, either way, hope he's got a year or 2 left. even though it's an sc top ten when he dunks now
that's not really true. very few actually changed parties. their philosophies r consistent
no they are not. the civil war saw switched ideologies.
got a tough one: trade away: langford jordy receive: forte allen robinson
id do that in a heartbeat
i think of oss like going to the gym to work out. working on code is good practice. it prepares me.
and i regularly reference my oss on the job. i leverage it.
last chance to buy fair queen tickets from dont miss out on your chance to win a 2017 ford mustang and join
if you're not lame then rt to spread awareness ^
me missing the tonight w/ &amp; because of back to school nigh...
to quote a certain radio drop, "that's a violation"
sold all $ions $35.50 just over 6 pts swing.
don't i get honorable mention. great trade
fyi: there are police officers of all races, creeds, and backgrounds lined up out there doing their jobs tonight....
great. then what happened when they shoot yet another unarmed black man?
oh now they got two frauds french montana and birdman on empire im about to turn the tv off
can u leave french out of this?
why go to summit europe? and will tell you!
so many good reasons!
giving tj the opportunity. and then having smoker, lugo, gsellman, etc doing more then what we thought they would be able to
wow so it is now terry collins' responsibility that the mets' young pitchers are vastly overachieving?
the wife did it
nah he did it. got demoted and no shout outs in the president's speech
prayer, protests, politics and policy. that's how we will retrain the police to refrain from killing our men &amp; boys.
revolt. we walk in, to each police station across the country, en masse and relieve them of their duties
oh.. too bad for you that he doesn't emulate that. would you like a ?
he will not condemn any verses in the koran.
braves with runners on the corners, one out in top of the ninth against jeurys familia. they're bidding for sweep. 3, 3
terry should be fired after the game, this is unacceptable
nah it's because i'm a beast and don't need to eye up my weight for 5 minutes like a bitch
proper rest between heavy sets 3-6 reps is 90-120 seconds. you do 3-6 sets of that like a good workout, thats a min of 15 mins.
clinton: serious policies ignores.
msm purposely ignores hrc's policies. i wonder if a 30 sec ad could be done touting some of those plans
mike from md. i'm such an outsider, i'm heading to bed.
bed? i sleep upside on a branch inside a coffin
rt to the max: can you believe shiite like that is still happening????????
1st i am actually seeing the actual video..wanna like an eaglet!
yeah go eat then
tbh his reference went right over my head lol
as far as marketing its up to us fans in boston to make others aware
the onus is on the owner worth $4b. not fans. more fans have walked away than still come.
i came all the way to l.a. just to find the swedish fish oreos only to discover kroger doesn't carry them any more. life is piss.
have you ever tried ziox brand sandwich cookies
let's go dodgers.
my late mother's team was la n my fam are doyers fans
excited to see 's tax returns, mainly to learn which media outlets he's claimed as dependents.
i'd like to see if he declares himself a dependent of papa vladimir putin.
grrr has some eventual consistency nonsense going on with their app. stuff i upload disappears for a while and shows up again.
this is my entire experience using the app
i dunno, brock turner might give him a run for his money on that title
daaaamnnnn *but yes, totally.
1) our society has become infantalized 2) fuck yeah i'll get free s'more's at the food truck park near my dum office
they let u melt yr own mallows at the firepit. the bar was out of warm spice mulled wine ...
i know grams up there watching these games with as much excitement as i am, god i miss her.
mine too. i hear ya.
nah it's because i'm a beast and don't need to eye up my weight for 5 minutes like a bitch
know what you're talking about before bitching like a twat.
not sure wtf i just saw shoot across the sky....
shooting star?
i love swa! one time they lost my luggage, but they drove to my work the next day and dropped it off.
now that's going the extra mile uh, literally
scared of what? he was doing nothing threatening at all. it's not illegal to be black!
i am so sorry. officer was used by nafarios partners knowing she w/react w/gun. see their faces walking toward camera!
yeah, what a shock.
yeah. i fell on the floor when i read it
i meant in a super hero/ magical way, because she seems all-powerful. sorry for the offense.
this is not better
looks like the pitching is coming together. no matter what says.
you just posted your now deleted tweet a few days early.
i also managed to fit a lot of welsh and irish sheep into a talk about elm so i'm pretty happy abut that
are the differences between welsh and irish sheep that i should know about
i would throw green chile in there but i am from new mexico.
i am fully onboard with nominating green chilies for, at least, "galactic certainty" status.
ask me your questions using !!
how did you start acting?
wowww omg catch up season 13 comes back tomorrow
ik im trying i recorded it ! its so stressful
yuck! people barricading themselves in against a largely peaceful movement of justice and tolerance. sounds like a...
that's what you do when you have a bunch of wild animals running ramped!!! what a real disgrace to america!
alum shavar newkirk() gracing the cover. looking to lead st. joes to another a-10 title....
nyc kat pack on the cover nicccceeeee.
the fashion world has changed sfabbb
you're not wrong
is anyone going to cover this? how can he be allowed to run with these...
ongoing journalistic malpractice. even trumpu fraud is now uncovered.
... and a case of the sunday afternoon farts. you need to listen.
nick really buried the lede here. i'm in.
and to all the people with their phones out videoing, who has that much free storage????????
they all got new iphones on friday?
and i'm older than him...
yeah but you're straight. you don't age as quickly.
just started season 8 last night :/
season 8 wuz gooood
they let u melt yr own mallows at the firepit. the bar was out of warm spice mulled wine ...
...could've been a good pairing
gonna watch tonight. was waiting to hear someone's opinion on it lol
i'm basically jonbent's number one fan
you have a better idea?
yeah: how about not disrupting a peaceful protest that's taking place outside of a church. (1/2)
&amp; they also obama would fix race relations.
who said that? blacks? maybe they felt that, but the traitorous gop denied any&amp;all cooperation and belittling.
the 53rd niggas wouldn't risk their business besides they know all about that shit
nah i'm not talkin about the 53rd guys, they the homies, i'm talking about the isis mothefuckers that wanna bomb shit
you smoking cock.
lmfaooooo better learn how to type in ingles for trump pull up
also from that article, i think robert swift lives by me
think you'll be able to confirm that. 7' foot redheads that are tatted from head to toe are not that common.
obviously the book "the outsiders"
i don't know it, i can't read
i gotchu fam
this is incredible lmao
stephen marley - the traffic jam
brand new tune star
some people just want to watch the world burn
is this a subtweet re: edward snowden?
all is true but boston has pats, sox, celtics, and bs all legendary. revs have real competition
they do, which means efforts will have to be very serious and require real investment on same level.
it's your biggest fans, birthday today!! please make her birthday and wish her a happy birthday!!
happy birthday
"every worm has his weak spot."
giving away a $25 barnes and noble gift card!
why am i more upset about this then i should be?
new hashtag
have you listened to episode 94 of radio harambe? the good, the bad, the ugly and the new from my recent trip
i think you forgot the best????!
yep. hermoine, liz lemon, elizabeth bennet. a book worm, slightly know-it-all, partly ...
giving away a $25 barnes and noble gift card!
im real!!!!!! not fake!!!!!!
its only real if it happens of facebook. twitter is like narnia
seeing as the film is out soon im going to read the book
giving away a $25 barnes and noble gift card!
&amp; they also obama would fix race relations.
gop are totally traitorous starting jan 20, 2009 with the luntz dinner. or did you conveniently forget that???
"we'll have to leave it there!"
he still sounds like he's on that diet of drywall and hard cheese...
reading my book just reminds me how much i love reading. i was such a book worm. time to start it up again
giving away a $25 barnes and noble gift card!
hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured, get well soon. we need unity &amp; leadership.
...mr. trump go to charlotte and work with the people and lock up the election!!!!!!
nailed it! scumbags indeed! who's values are they speaking of? not american valuesislamic values?! mb has infiltra...
think you meant to say "whose values."
once a book worm always a book worm. writing books, reading books, and editing books is my life!!! :) - oh, that and my cute baby, ty!
giving away a $25 barnes and noble gift card!
nonwhites account for 97% of the homicides in nyc, according to nypd data.
63% according to nypd 2015 report.
damn...was planning to pin the tail on the old donkey
i run a world-class dash.
there's a whole lot more then making decisions in a game as a manager
sure. but nothing as important. it's his primary job, the same as any coach for any team
i can't believe i taught my mom this dance
she's a cool mom i have to be honest
scientists have discovered a simple change that men can make to be more attractive
. oooooh, yew!
you gotta get out of there so you can breathe
retreated to my room. gonna bury myself in tumblr and maybe a queer movie.
add your name now to join the millions of americans who are with hillary all the way to the white house!
donald trump general flynn dick morris michael savage mark levin sean hannity hugh hewitt rush limbaugh kelly ann conway
happy i grew up reading his books. matilda was my favourite as i am also a book worm and i love catcf
giving away a $25 barnes and noble gift card!
cernovich's day rate for war zones is $1,000. if you wanna go down there and periscope for me, hit me up.
i could see one of these cops losing it from this and really kill someone unarmed and then forget it if blm had a justified case.
alum shavar newkirk() gracing the cover. looking to lead st. joes to another a-10 title....
nyc kat, back on the cover nicccceeeee.
thanks to &amp; for allowing us to take chances and change the game!!
once in a lifetime ceo.
white people: events like the are only going to occur more often as the usa becomes more ethnically diverse.
ok. and if the response is more white violence there won't be a "usa"
so i guess your basket is full of criminals..
including you!
oh my gosh i'm watching it right now
i closed my eyes because i was so embarrassed for those people
gwen stefani &amp; sting. nice!
do you know when sting starts?
first in years &amp; my tastebuds are bringing back all the memories
but i really miss the dessert one with the chocolate sauce and m&amp;ms
there's a whole lot more then making decisions in a game as a manager
good managing from collins paying off again here. log off
''condo (remix)'' - feat and kid x || click to tunein
brand new tune star
she sounds like a parrot. free speech, 1st amendment, grak! free speech, 1st amendment, grak! polly wanna cracker!
she forgot about all the other amendments lol......
pop quiz: my eyes aren't leaving the computer and i'm responding in guttural grunts with increasing rage. i am signaling that i want to:
gotta be dino queen. either that or horrific constipation.
i am truly sorry to hear that happened and i am confident we can fix it. what zip code? what specifically is not connecting? ^alc
i have the "no service" &amp; am unable to connect to verizon cellular network. i have followed the restart, reset and remove sim
surrounded by cucumbers!
that is hilarious! what is the deal with cucumbers? hahaha!
you have a better idea?
the peaceful protest turned violent once police started shooting rubber bullets, firing tear gas -- too extreme.
also from that article, i think robert swift lives by me
. . . only slightly related, mark "mad dog" madsen lives in my parents condo complex. just got married, apparently.
i didn't say i would find it impressive! i said you should be happy with that :)
always nice to figure out an anchoring point. appreciate it!
!!!!!! i just opened 2k worth of fifa points! only 2k and i got 1 walk out 86 an 83, 81, 80, 80, 80 , 80 and some popular players
here it is guys
watching them suck this year not once have i thought of the logo
it's not a primary concern. it's death by 1,000 papercuts. bad stadium situation, bad marketing, etc etc
come out to a dope ass show tonight:
jamar rp ked the h0use!
those quoting leviticus often overlook this: "the foreigner residing among you must be treated as your native born. love them as yourself."
not to mention leviticus is in the old testament. if we followed it, women wouldn't cut their hair or show their knees. ever!
after like a freaking year, i have finally feasted my eyes on star wars: the force awakens. and it was as amazing as i expected.
you're not the only one that had to wait a bit. first saw it on the plane ride back from guatemala.
ender inciarte run-scoring groundout. 4, 3, top 9
totally disgusted, and its not like they are going to score 2 runs in the 9th lmao god forbid
"hate" crimes exist only to hurt whites. majority of interracial murders are black on white.
this is misleading because blacks mostly kill blacks and whites mostly kill whites.
best shoots yet
this ain't even fair
no 1with be bullied to wrongfully arrest an officer of the law. this is rioting not protest &amp; will solve nothing
no, this wouldn't be a wrongful arrest, thanks for playing. you want the room 4 doors down.
great news and great cigar!
thanks
guess we found the new name if anyone ever asks you guys to change it.
full of fuck was my idea. edgier than full of hell
why lie about the dumbest shit?
facts, like what the titnuggets?
fair, but i don't know why anyone would pay for that (lack of) insight. it takes zero brain power to run those models.
i think we're taking about two different things
the more i learn, the more i love this beautiful practice
my favorite of all yogas is jnana yoga. love it, gets me 'centered' everytime.
just spotted you a few minutes ago. have a suspicion there might be barrel head in your future.
and my present as well
i gotta show you my income funnelz
why? you make products, albeit online, and you sell them. products are always passive income if you have shelves
lol!!! i understood you the 1st time just fine ^_ and i appreciate every word, we're in this together...
thanks. long day. charlotte situation very disturbing. can't imagine what you are feeling.
"characters like you are not welcome." great reference to the old usa slogan.
this isn't burn notice.
ill even pay you if you do it for me (gotta be a fire job though)
use thin brushes ma
yea he is just not even necessary for the show ...crazy thing is that he can sang in real life. and he's fun in real life
well that is nice to hear that he sings and is good guy. i just can't take him on the show.
or maybe the protesters just want the hornets to be the bobcats again.
the bob-whats? never heard of 'em.
the media needs to stop dogging it and campaign harder for
the media can't possibly act as a better surrogate.
more than 1/2 dozen trump press releases today attacking the clinton foundation, after superb trump foundation expos
too stupid. intellect and facts matter. real coverage needed.
would be interesting to see where/when ot names start being seen as xn. not to mention names from the apocrypha...
... &amp; when they *stop* being, too. people always ask if i'm jewish b/c my name is sarah despite the world's waspiest surname.
thank you nevada, north carolina &amp; ohio! we are going to !!
your dad will be an amazing president!! i can't wait to see him take the oath in january!
"thug sonned you" automatically made me a meek fan again
lmfao thats the main reason i fucked w it
just went through a sudden huge thunderstorm that made driving blind. to die on the anniversary of maltese independence would be shameful!
sheriff geronimo says take the bull by the horn -with a side of bacon, fries, ultimeatum burger, and a...
you can't do basic subtraction. subtract 6.8 from 100.
i thought you said blacks
some people should just not talk. at all. just stay cute. that's all you have to do.
lets just stay cute forever.
according to the la times, this is supposed to be clinton and trump. hm.
so now we know where the animators from "the magic school bus" are doing for work, huh?
what!?! production actually gave us a decent twist to vote on for !? i love the messiah but everybody go vote for !
agree! love to see jason again!
still followinv
i did it follow meeeee
"sir, you are now the president of the united states." that's a sentence you don't hear every day.
heard a commercial for this earlier. hilarious premise. any good?
yeah googling the subject just makes it even more confusing i really hope disney wasn't a nazi sympathizer : (
he wasnt. frankly it ticks me off to even mention it. people have zero respect for someone who did what he did
i just worked on my small 12" macbook for a week and now back to the macbook pro 15" and it feels like i'm using a tank.
also funny to hold an ipad pro for a few hours and then pick up an iphone
coming from a man named whitey. you can't make this shit up n
childhood nickname due to surname being white. no worries won't judge u. could have asked!!!
so what do you want? stadium in boston? uve been there. there's no room
if the team doesn't have a stadium accessible by the t it will never be more than an afterthought in n.e.
lol. considering the denver airport is in the middle of nowhere, they went the extra forty miles.
i love the denver airport though
i thought you said blacks
oh you said nonwhites my mistake
rene rivera, pinch hitter for juan lagares and pinch hitter for jeurys familia due up. 4, 3, mid-9
terry really has them set up for a 9th inning comeback
familia giving up a run in the 9th is his fault. james loney making an error in the 8th is his fault
no, removing the best reliever the mets have to bring in a rookie and then asking familia for 5 is his fault.
the "objectively reasonable" standard seems like accountability -
"if an officer believes he... is in imminent danger of grievous injury or death he is allowed to shoot first &amp; ask q's later"
theres too many guns, cops arent being trained properly, black people cant do anything to please the cops, theyll get shot. nothing changes
it truly scares me to think of how many cops have power and weapons and so little discipline; the standards are so low
but really what dude cheats on a 40-year-old stunning talented brunette weirdo with... another one?
any/all dudes.
send me deets
wow this is serendipitous! (esp since i love western wash) sent!
i met a chick who wanted me to delete all my social media after a couple of days of talking, foh u psycho
just because her ex cheated on here thru social media she wanted me to delete mine
bobby just showed his d to me
you're welcome lmao fuck u
welp. that's another
how much time did it take for you to do that loser
adventure, food and blue skies
adventure withdrawals
flashback to that time bono did an entire talk show interview with a badger sitting on his head
i love this interview,so innocent and honest.
ender inciarte run-scoring groundout. 4, 3, top 9
still don't get why reed got taken out...
i will be there tomorrow and hopefully get to see him play again. first saw him before he got hurt. what a kid.
good for you! we still watch the replay of that catch in tampa on replay during breakfast at least 1/week.
instead of just shooting the guy. on tv the bad guys always feel the need to confess their crimes lol
they have to tell someone i guess
also, who was the weird ghost girl who came out of the box? that should have been explained more because its to random
what you talkin about son?
leigh don't do this to yourself start from the beginning and enjoy rami's development into daddyness
i saw all of season 1 and the first 3 from season 2 i'm really lost here but also its fine
i miss last year when the mets would be mocked for beating up on bad teams
your manager sucks
i miss last year when the mets would be mocked for beating up on bad teams
taking out reed started this mess.
damn...was planning to pin the tail on the old donkey
i'm in line at checkout in hysterics
lucky just tear gas. should be appalled at the rioting and looting.
peaceful demonstrations become riots when unnecessary* force is used against peaceful protestors. (1/2)
abandoning syria would be better than what we are doing now- but don't think putin will let it rest there
everything putin has done in syria has been reactive, they stepped into preserve the status quo, that is their goal
not tonight. singles. but twisted a part to make a double....lol
there was a stand deep frying oreos double stufs at the san gennaro festival this past weekend. it was wild.
for me, it's the marked difference between frankish/biblical, rather than religion per se.
oh, definitely -- i just meant that for the way that 538 is using it.
is my new favorite show. btw once came in my shop too.
that's so cool that you and sis have 2 diff twitter accounts,i thought you changed it
another one! come rock with us thursday - and -
jamar rocked the house!
apparently trump is in cleveland and is under satanic attack. i don't even have words.
so there's a group he's scared to insult. lol
as a fan, i don't know what to be more upset about, the fact tc makes a bad decision or the fact we saw the braves comeback coming..
after they put up 2 in the 7th &amp; then tying it in the 8th, putting a waste on bart's well-pitched game. now losing to atl again.
advice my grandpa gave me before he died
thank you dad, that was very inspiring
terry collins in what world is josh smoker a better matchup than addison reed against freeman?
thats the switch ur mad about? letting plawecki even touch a bat is madness
why is charlie culberson in the major leagues
play segedin. i don't get it.
could not say it better myself, .
i see 400 ss a week, i could never do that, how do you do it
i agree with you bill murray one of my funny favorites!
caught meatballs on tv as a little kid and have been a lifelong fan ever since.
i found this ring while working on w. 27th st today. if you can tell me what is engraved inside, we'll get it back...
missing a men's ring. believe it has my anniversary date 9-27-86
. on obama admin. response to race issues: "their rhetoric &amp; their approach have made these things wor...
thanks to segregation is at an all time high!!!!
most urban school districts have some version of this challenge, would like to see what other school districts do (that works)
nope. every big city has by-right nhood access, which segregates schools. sf is way ahead of anyone else.
due to charlotte violence, fox decided not to air hannity's pre-taped town hall with trump tonight -- hannity says it "will air tomorrow"
trump's town hall aka i'm pretending i like and care about black people so i can get some of the white women votes town hall.
blacks kill whites at a rate 27x higher than whites kill blacks.
yeah i think you got some tricky misleading stuff going on right there.
wen your bffl loves your cute buzzfeed snaps but your roommate threatens to delete u off snap if you keep sending them to her
some one is jelly
that smile when the give u another job ! ...
congrats daniel thats awesome well deserved!
just humiliated at battle chess by a fake computer in a web browser, great
shhh, computer thinks it's real
oh time for justice!
he deserves it
familia giving up a run in the 9th is his fault. james loney making an error in the 8th is his fault
pinch hitting brandon nimmo over a guy who can tie the game with one swing: his fault
what is happening right now in charlotte is the direct result of a president that disrespects police, and condones riots
there was a time when if an unruly mob threatened public safety they called out the national guard. where's the leadership?
looting is not the language of the unheard.
would you prefer they engage in terrorism?
american gothic bingewatch :)
lol i have so many things on my to-watch list and i keep procrastinating like it's a chore
how about a stadium in southern nh? i've gotten hammered 4 that but y have to be boston?
b/c that's where the population is, nobody is driving to nh for anything. has to be on public transport.
a portrait with tons of colours. pretty much the opposite of what i normally shoot. it's nice to...
great shot!
this show is insane.
oh man i am watching too! just started yesterday. so good
well, we rock the paperless thing and my kids &amp; i discuss 's protest and what it means to be genderquee...
love it, all of it, i'm in sf, and we barely get to that
woodbine 7 fainne geal
4 fainne geal alderson b a $6.30
so linker... thinks neuhaus was scarier than trump?
wait, are we still listening to linker?
nah he did it. got demoted and no shout outs in the president's speech
they both did it
hillary clinton 'dropped from speeches after endorsement'
she uses you &amp; throws you away. allow an illustration....
in shield the gang opend the box and a weird ghost girl came out and drove them all crazy
no idea, probably some z-lister or a poorly adapted character
when i return to nyc, i'll be working off this super sized yodel from sweetie pie's bakery in .....
we were wine tasting all day
because my braves are significantly helping the giants get into the playoffs?
that and that the giants seem to be turning a corner.
that's normally how those shows are so i guess they wanted to make it similar with the reenactments
i know lol it's just annoying to me
awa uh, it means i eh change
das why i say nvm thot
it's honestly not that big of a deal if you have a good place for it and keep it scooped. cats are really really smart
u just have to do it once per day n change it lie once per 2wks or we
adventure thru inner space marquis??? that's too cool!
jesus, that wasn't even 60 seconds!
the app on running 10.0.1 seems to have been hijacked on my iphone.
that's a bit freaky. wtf?
i really was just trying to point out how ridic it is..sorry i love disney*
no it is ok. i am sorry for being prickly about it.
i've got all night to plan &amp; i'll get help from the ladies. gf home yet.
tomorrow morning. she on plane at the moment
today you are the strongest youve ever been and the weakest you'll ever be
that's some real shit
it really is. he got kicked off pba 5 times before they realized he was an attraction. great espn 30 for 30 on it.
becaue of that? damn...if taylor can do it...
you are aware that the whole world has heard? we heard you 50 years ago.
you clearly weren't listening
yeah i think you got some tricky misleading stuff going on right there.
assuming you are white u are statistically least likely to murder &amp; least likely to be murdered
a plea for skepticism via
thanks for the retweet. it needs a lot more!
if you're having audio issues i feel bad for you son, but switch to firefox because chrome is done
most underrated tweet of the daythis was funny
i'll have plenty of room in my massive fridge
oh good, was worried. might've had to send a care package
getting out all my passion puns and medieval jokes before my first . t-4 days ...
ahhhh!! 4 days?!?? you got this!!!! good luck!!! i am buying you all the free wine at kzoo
i hope all the students demand their money back.
have they returned?
the protest cycle
except in reality it's a lost life and a ravaged community instead of a slap on the head
earl sweatshirt really outbar kendrick on danny browns new song
he easily had the best verse
great job it
thank you. it was an exciting start to what's going to be a great season!
i was wondering where you went :(
i know it's been such a pain in the ass to get this situated.
this has been a weekly occurrence for 6 years now and he is still the manager
that's an awful awful lot of ball washing. real world he's fired 4 years ago.
or it means that you do not agree with any candidates so are deciding to abstain from voting.
not interested in debating an alt-right owl but thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm hoping they are doing this!
yes, i hope so because waiting on the media to support hrc is a waste of time.
i'm still not used to the short pants....
oh my god he's wearing shorts..
agreed. look him up on youtube. he sang on some shows. but yea the writers didn't utilize his talents. he sucks on the show
i am happy you told me. i will look him up.
assuming you are white u are statistically least likely to murder &amp; least likely to be murdered
and it will most likely be by or to another white person
can you stomach more answers?
probably not
lucky just tear gas. should be appalled at the rioting and looting.
once the protest becomes a riot as a result of unnecessary force, the "riot" is marked as the cause of the force used
has a saas version but is public on github
gitlab has a gpl license
if you can successfully put them in a different story &amp; have it be true to them/accurate then you have successfully grasped
that's like my bd aus i just want it to be the same but modern
playing to win, playing scared. this is sad.
what is sad is what's going on at camden yards these days.
i hope that's sarcasm
not sarcasm =heros. i got death threats said to be in the mail. the postical police came out and took my statements.
oh, definitely -- i just meant that for the way that 538 is using it.
the example that's occurring to me is the spanish guzmn, which comes from guttman, which would "code" as "jewish" today...
as soon as gun is drawn, options narrow. most police departments don't track firearms draws. so we can't measure racial disparities.
could there be a reliable way to track them? i bet decent r squared between those &amp; force complaints
trump to hannity on inner cities: "now, i have to say, the crime is just beyond anything -- it's worse than afghani...
sadly doesn't know that "stop&amp;frisk" is unconstitutional &amp; nyc crime is even down.
no, actually i go to a non-denominational church. thanks for your ignorant concern though!
fact is that islam sanctions both of those actions. so you are the ignorant one.
claimed my spot for 's ! always eager to learn new things and polish existing ski...
look forward to having you!
12k points...
that's above average i would say
obama &amp; his administration had an opportunity to do really great things in the last 8 years. he chose to be divisive.
gee, you really have your finger on the pulse of the nation.
trying to get a guy on base with some speed
right, why get a guy on 1st base when you could hit a score that is an automatic run
has dc geography all wrong. best part of watching tv shows based here is wondering where the drivers are going.
so true! had some issues as a new yorker with tonight! love it anyway, &amp; loving too!
i swear it was just our birthdays not that long ago.. any grand plans?
honestly no lol what are you doing to celebrate?
girl. me too. that sale was amazing. so many fall scents waiting for me
omg so many! i'm ready.
you better be watching the game lol
turning it on now!
just because her ex cheated on here thru social media she wanted me to delete mine
i'm not gonna stop enjoying certain things because u got insecurities lol
wednesday's &amp; thursday's are my fav: blindspot, law&amp;order, empire, chicagopd, greysanat, blacklist, &amp; htgawm
chicago med is on thursday now too
no, actually i go to a non-denominational church. thanks for your ignorant concern though!
hey the smiley face really proved your point. lol
one of my favorites
you b knowin the classics b
what exactly scared her? his hands up? his back to her? the broken down suv? the other officers surrounding her?
other officers gouded her in2 overeacting.they knew she was scared and used her 2 kill by proxy.i believe this is true
you're right &amp; i'm frustrated at the mistake.
oh no! it's all good, thought i was missing something. love your review. excellent, always.
29 fucking hours of overtime, man. "exhausted" doesn't even begin to explain how tired my body is.
why you bending over and taking it like a bitch from the man?
crazy time in this country, want to make sure i extend love and appreciation to you. shine on sis.
is it :( i feel your sorrows. i pray we can all be better. appreciate you always always always!
whether you're happy or a wreck without me, we will meet again in this world with hope in me it can once again be your hand i hold
- "lyrics written on twitter of the day" by chenza
is it back on now?!
nope i've been using snapchat as my main communication source lmao super wack.
pinch hitter brandon nimmo aboard. now jay bruce with a chance for redemption as the pinch hitter. fans loudly "bru-cing." or close to that.
strikeout or dp, aint going to do anything productive
snapchat filters make me feel so glamorous
those eyes &lt;3
don't know about the giants. their bullpen is horrific and they are taking advantage of the dodgers bats being in the freezer.
i'm just too used to this to expect anything remotely good to come from this.
xiaomi notebook air 13.3 looks so good but it's impossible to get ugh
does it have a dedicated gpu?
"under the direction of the first mayor"
ahh haha yep. i found the note, then spent 15 minutes trying to decipher it (despite the fact that there's a clue next to it)
fellow startup here with always looking for talent for our tokyo-based dev team. you still do live beta in shibuya?
more than happy to say hiya; no longer doing engineering recruiting as a startup. presently in sf for 2 weeks.
well yes, but we know you're from cali so that's not unusual.
but i was born in nj, so maybe the hearse is driven by a soprano
your wcw seems rly nice i hope u are good for each other
most positive tweet i've seen all day
omg i didn't know it started today
i didn't know until i saw it scheduled on my dvr this morning
great job it
thank you. it's an exciting start to what's going to be a great season!
no, actually i go to a non-denominational church. thanks for your ignorant concern though!
lol the muslim conman keeps hiding in the shadows. pathetic.
and even better to meet in person for the first time,
don't forget the hugs.
the example that's occurring to me is the spanish guzmn, which comes from guttman, which would "code" as "jewish" today...
but that actually comes into spanish from the visigothic and is as old christian as surnames come.
called a hoopoe in europe though. i know these things...
it is a hoopoe. i just went back to kamal's instagram page &amp; realized how i made the mis...
lol this looks photoshopped
ayeee my girls
"neighbors' cats come to poop in his yard, a carefully trained neural network detects them and gets them wet."
cool, gotta love the democratization of high-end computing power...
all that bbq/bacon they wasting in the woods and with no seasoning!!!
okayyyyy i was like damn why they wasting food
a plea for skepticism via
thanks for the retweet. needs all it can get!
wese i found a place much better than halal guys. haven't tried halal guys ever since. also you were in nyc?
what's the other place?
hey now thinks is a phishing site?
does sonder give the same alert? he links to that site from his article.
i somehow never noticed that there were panthers on the plinths. thank you, !
the smart move would've been to push to pay for new/shorter plynths to &gt; views.
rt if you're watching the premiere of !
: you get one hour of my time ... make the best of it ... it's more than i give anybody else.
mulled wine in september is worse than pumpkin beer in august.
yeah, but it's a nice wind-chilled evening here tonite. it feels right to have some (but they don't)
something is happening that has created schools that are more racially isolated than the neighborhoods they are in
yeah, we never seriously made bussing work, then cut the busses. when did grattan become majority white? when they lost bus access.
no i mean i get you i hate that kinda shit because he did alot lots ppl don't even realize
yep. doritos were invented at disneyland.
theres an afghan family on family fued rn and im so excited for them
&amp; the afghans won the game !!!!!!!
i think one of my arteries just popped
did you walk up the stairs
still livid that we don't have an ultralight beam x hyperlight drifter anime music video
there exists a more perfect universe than ours where hyper light drifter and furi were combined.
getting swept by the braves at this point of the season shouldn't result in a playoff spot. you should get thrown out of the league.
they are missing half their team. its scary they are in it to begin with!
so sorry for lost lives. pray 4 peace. who is man with wht shirt walking back and forth ? ...
heard earlier that hillary hs become friends with treyvon martin's mom,she calls mrs.smith a liar.pray4all moms who...
you b knowin the classics b
all day everyday, you know.
i still can't believe it! an emmy!!!! what?!!! thanks to ...
believe it, mr emmy award winning producer...
how many people were there by 11/12?
i think maybe 50 by that time but tomorrow might be worse
scully trying to make it seem like it wasn't supernatural lol
she always does. she refuses to believe
coming up!! have more to share on this but in the meantime check out &amp; 's...
lets do the same for haiti!
people still talking about "building bridges" with police and they've got black sites, torture chambers, tanks, solitary confinement...
police &amp; good white liberals need to come to agreement - want a neighbor or a guard?
trump proposing stop &amp; frisk as part of "african-american outreach" is like hitler offering jews yellow stars of david as a goodwill gesture
we're in trouble.
oh hi mindy project, lookin for a follow back?
i got the same thing!
why the fuck is jay bruce on deck
and now travis is on deck........terry why are you doing this to us
thank you for giving me the inspiration to take control of my life!
= stephanie - you have no idea how much this means to us!!! thank you
i'm absolutely convinced that a riot merely intensifies the fears of the white community while relieving the guilt. -mlk
aa tried the peaceful approach. it hasn't worked. time for plan b
facto bro smh it's fucked up
shit is crazy son
we would also love to discuss this with folks at on 10/14 &amp; 10/15 at
i'd love to be there but don't the money to make it out there.
asking a simple question to an insurance company () in 2016.
i even have an online account with them already, but couldn't use it to check that message. i gave up.
yeah it's supposed to be like a $750ish notebook with an i5 and a 940m
i might just look into that in a few months cus i love my laptop but 17 inches is a bit much
-screams into pillow- -knocks over fan- -loses mind-
xd that's how i felt too girl *high fives*
nothing reminds me of connecticut like the smell of a dead skunk
my backyard every night in th bronx
listening to trash groove girls and baking because i have no friends~~~~~
i listened to them today too!!!
special day class. i have a caseload of 7 currently
that makes sense
5 reasons not to buy the iphone 7
why don't you marry a headphone jack? points 1-3 are all the same and solved by bluetooth... 4-5 are lame filler complaints.
oh hi mindy project, lookin for a follow back?
i got the same thing!
is a ?? oops, another executed by y'all?
guess it's time for the strike back??
when one of your best friends facetimes you about her boob dilemma and says "you have big boobs too, i thought you'd know how to help"
lmfao! we facetimed after that too
when homeboy tries to make things better by yelling at you, that's when homeboy fucks up
i wasn't yelling, in greek that's how i speak !
should i stay or should i go??
if you have to ask yourself you already know you need to
me either tomorrow a go what time you giving me the car billz
aigh sis you gotta come get me lol
yes when he sold out w/the white girl we should have known he wasn't well. he's to the 18th power....
while i agree van can do better, this is absurd.
she was standing next to kathy bates in the very beginning of the episode i think?
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!! was that her??
the amazing &amp;
that is an awesome photo! thank you! i want more! :)
uh what flaws?
awh thank you gorgeous
this announcement would make more sense if it came out ten years ago.
it's a google-sponsored product placement, not a tech/architecture announcement :)
which is why i think, if they put in the hard work too, their chances of following bosleng's lead are very good. that's
i like your train of thought.
that benintendi dance was unreal
guy sucks, can't dance, probably likes nickelback
hot shower, quick walk, some food, then fall into ben in a few hours.
who's ben lol
nice story tell it walking. blocked
but we do have a name for u in england mate . cunt!!!
new: without enthusiastic, bernie-like small donor network, hillary forced to do constant high-dollar fundraisers &gt;
what is the purpose for this article near the end of the campaign?
it's a national crisis - a national disaster.
yes, it certainly is.
mlk was a man of peace and protested peacefully and was successful. never chanted death to police.
and how has his central project-integration- gone?
chipotle achieves major food safety milestones. click to read the open letter.
sounds like a pretty case of damage control.
when homeboy tries to make things better by yelling at you, that's when homeboy fucks up
i wasn't yelling ! i'm greek that's how we speak !
my guy dresses up as his mum to get served
if you kill somebody while drunk his mom could go to jail for your mutual addiction. plus your shaming her name. delete this.
who knows what his injury situation is. the guy just came back. hasn't played since early may. he wasn't suppose to comeback
he has pinch hit and started a game. maybe he is hurting, but we don't know that in this situation
sf, but you'd need roommates
is there outback steakhouses in sf?
no green chile cheeseburger?! you're missing out.
i used to live in colorado. i know it too well.
. security council must choose: honor the charter &amp; protect the defenseless or watch civilians die.
it breaks my heart to see that child starving. bless you for doing what you can at the un.
this video makes me both happy &amp; sad. happy because it's great. sad because i'm not in it. watch &amp; do what it says....
i'm sad because you think this is a good thing. we're doomed either way. american propaganda at its finest.
it's 7:16pm and more than anything i want to go to sleep jet lag - 1 me - 0
night maril!
...could've been a good pairing
lotsa trucks here, but i'm good with a s'more and a beer for the time being
so basically i'm depressed that i have caught up on game of thrones and need something new to watch to fill the void!
fucking watch luther you bitch
it's 7:16pm and more than anything i want to go to sleep jet lag - 1 me - 0
try to stay up till 9 i heard that helps
you and resemble each other.
i can definitely see that! she's gorg.
yeah, we never seriously made bussing work, then cut the busses. when did grattan become majority white? when they lost bus access.
i think th at happened at mckinley too.
soros taps libtards who have abandoned america to vote against trump in the american election.
king soros can try with all his msm horses but how do they block so-called...
finally worked up the nerve to watch and while i'm still sad about yelchin holy crap this movie.
every time they cut to a closeup of anton's wrist everyone on this couch cowers.
when u got 300+ messages of all ur homies playing games in the group chat
@@@@@@ me bro
that's great...she can be here for the party. hope you're going to behave yourself
your asking a sailor to behave?
today was terrible &amp; then i got my sweet pics :) :)
your avi is stunning
where you gon be at
bitch i get out of school
i peeped ya just close before i get out of work (9) btw, that rice pudding spot down the block is fuegl
we actually going to close at 11 now
i save all my tickets. this would suck
yeah, me too. i was shocked and now i really can't lose my phone or run out of battery before a game.
what's happening for women on sunday? i got a girlfriend with giant tits and she'll need to be fucked
check out - *might* be what she's looking for
he still nice. him and dirk. kg ain't been nice since like 2010
yeah dirk still carries that team and vc still puts in work. kg getting traded to brooklyn was the worst thing for him lol
one of my favorite photos...can't believe this was four years ago!
that is my kind of crazy tho
i believe punishing children should be left to the higher ranks. corporal's can't be trusted with these decisions.
i don't laugh at puns about brutality. apologies.
bluegrass = edm for the 40+ crowd.
also i love bluegrass
there's your big swing
i missed the part where i advocated for bruce to bat?
the smart move would've been to push to pay for new/shorter plynths to &gt; views.
i'm no animalier, but i hope the progeny of my progeny are smarter than this.
she knew bernie endorsing broke our hearts. fearless. love i would listen to her read a shopping list s...
told the his endorsement didn't mean squat but they demanded it anyway.
ya gotta run when you hit the ball, cespedes.
didn't know you were a mets fan
when u go too hard at the function
when you use your flesh light and then you get sleepy
this entire scene is surreal. this is happening in my home, literally where i go to work every day.
but not literally in your home.
jack fucking bauer is now president it was only a matter of time...
lol i'm watching too
tom hanks does an excellent job of wistfully staring off into the distance in every single movie
even in toy story
how can program placement help us address the issue asks
thats magnet approach to desegregation. only works when best programs placed only in poor nhood, like booker t in tulsa.
well the internet just told me that my itchy neck could be caused by head lice, scabies, or pinworm. cool.
good ol' internet. lol. how about you have a allergy or just a itchy neck.
yeah, cause where is this bus everyone's talking about?! is it still running? m60
seriously! i couldn't possibly hate that phrase any more.
bruce go the fuck back to cincy!!! we don't want you
and take this idiot travis with you too!
when u try to study but the group chat is lit
yo that sounds mad lit yo
photo: charlotte hornets team store gutted: live:
free jerseys lmfao
what'll you drink during hygge season? it doesn't have to be snowy, but it should be like jacket cold.
whut's a hygge
don't worry bruce and d'arnaud are getting up
im at the game man. doorey doesnt mismanage this bad!
the montages of kyle's dad doing horrible trolling are
sp is so great at what it does
told the his endorsement didn't mean squat but they demanded it anyway.
the honestly thought was a cult of personality
shy. i miss u.
:) i miss you too when i take my mm classes i always miss how i used to sit by you and cheye lol
her surrogates did a good job of ensuring a trump presidency. i was when they did this...
idk how we got here. maybe people forgot that millennials isn't just a buzz word
rt on awesome &lt;3 i love his song &lt;3 ...
thank you for listening!!
this is it. after all this time. this is where jay bruce comes through
orrrrr not. just missed a pitch by a foot and a half...
have the red sox had a better seven-game regular-season stretch since 1967? i can't think of one.
morgan's magic when they won 19 out of 20 in 1988.
i miss last year when the mets would be mocked for beating up on bad teams
we are all just looking forward to seeing them get smoked in the playoffs.
literally no plans whatsoever but i'm sure i'll end up doing something last minute
same lol i'm sure something will come up, worst case scenario i'll end up at a bar in the castro lol
mark treyger and pam harris weren't even investigated for their not-for-profit heist.
you don't know that. prosecutions, if any laws were broken, take time to build.
awww james was sweet there honestly
nicole is literally whining about paul's speech evicting james?! like it even matters?!
[t] has arrived. start your far eden journey today on :
when will i see a socom us navy games coming to xbox one?
awe i liked that one...ok soooo next wednesday?
it was sad :(
meg murry, gangy, and veronica mars. (in other words, don't cross me, bitches.)...
aw, man, for a second i thought this was wrinkle in time casting news and got real excited...
"yes," i said. "isn't it pretty to think so?"
can you do a twitch stream again
am i supposed to have 4 of these?
yessir, you have a quad-core don't you?
true, i was just going off of aarons hail mary history
yeah that and he'll make the more intelligent throw, cam could accidentally launch it through the endzone from the 50
we see here for vs. volleyball. thanks for the coverage!
will also be at the football game saturday!
that's totally me haha even tho u make animal noises in ur sleep you're still so cute
oink oink bitch
ok tweeps: it's prime twitterer's question time: if you could what would it be? pls answer in the hashtag!
i'd ask about the 13 yr old girl he allegedly gang raped
i may be alone on an island here but i'd continue to play jay bruce
not a good call
our avg 15000 drive an hr+. screw the puds who'll only go if 5 minute train ride
could double those numbers in boston. public transport is the key. staying the suburbs is minor league.
jay bruce, the second coming of jason bay; the mets uniform is his kryptonite.
right? ugh.
hey! i'm not 40+ and i'm a fan of bluegrass!! i may also live in hicktown, usa... but that's besides the point.
but is it edm to you?
i missed the empire premiere tonight? yo, i'm low key not ready for fall to start bc there's way too much going on.
see dem jawns on the trees change colors
colin kaepernick voted nfl's most disliked player in recent poll
all he did was kneel as oppose to beating his spouse!
i literally haven't brushed my teeth in almost a month
i'm near li i'll be there with mouth wash and toothpaste asap
is back. how'd you feel about the season 3 premiere?
how do i pick one choice!? i pick them all
in an alternate universe kiefer sutherland only does rom coms
take me there
well, this game is like a $9.99 vegas all-you-can-eat buffet for terry collins' critics.
i'm a big tc guy but this was outrageous. top and bottom of the 8th
i'll trade you my cold/fever :p (not really this isn't fun either) hopefully things get better soon for you!
feel better soon will, they need you in rf for fri - sat.
any cool moms in tech up for proof-reading a post i wrote? it's about my experience so far and moms in the workplace in general. &lt;3
feel free to join tech ladies, this is the perfect for our group (if you want!)
i miss middle school all-night junk food/video game marathons with the bros. just pizza, soda, chips &amp; shotty snipers on valhalla
more like execution or warzone on gridlock
this. is. one. of my. favorite. songs. this is the one i belt in my car every day omg i love you
it came on pandora and i was like "i have to save this for kristina" i love you too, darling
when you use something new you break out bc the product is bringing all the impurities out of your skin resulting in clearer skin
when i say new things i mean like more water and such lol idk what's wrong
she says "breath of fresh air" then disapears and everyone goes insane for no reason
nailed it team
i'm here for you babe superman
thanks lois lane!!
silicon valley likes to invest in cool sounding things for health like ai, but rarely discussed is unsexy stuff like behavior/environment.
which announcement are you reacting to? the cz initiative?
evolution isn't tricky or misleading. just accept that human subspecies are different.
i know a lot about evolution and i'm pretty sure you're talking out of your ass right now
please, please, please let me drive jay bruce to the airport.
dilson. herrera. that is all
this was the scene earlier this evening during protests in charlotte, north carolina
why the matter if he had a gun?! encourages gun ownership.
noooooooooooooo don't take that bitch! he might have cody'd himself
wtf is he doing?!
how does that analogy with whites make any sense to you?
whites are never unheard in america. if anything, we can't shut up. so, that's a silly argument
finally! can't wait...
why r u posting spoilers !
my guy dresses up as his mum to get served
oh, you're british. forget what i said, you people are constantly drunk. sorry for calling you degenerates, it's your culture.
working tomorrow?
vacation. it's against my religion to work on b-day. 2 days plus weekend to get in trouble
our avg 15000 drive an hr+. screw the puds who'll only go if 5 minute train ride
the only way the pats do it is by playing in us's biggest league w/limited # of home games.
i know! they both make me so happy
i'm so excited to see their storyline!!
this. is. one. of my. favorite. songs. this is the one i belt in my car every day omg i love you
also i could see you doing some bomb ass coreo to this
rp a-10. chillaxin' time ...
i worked on the a-10 cousin, the a-6 man eater
vinyl isn't cool anymore
i was just getting started...
if you look at her eyes and nose it looked just like her. kinda hard to hide that nose.
hopefully, we'll see more in this episode, if not, i'll watch the reair and watch that part again.
idk how we got here. maybe people forgot that millennials isn't just a buzz word
millennials = 31% of voters aka same % as boomers and just as relevant if not more
but why is it that so many ts seem to think less noise is better? are that many that much of a control freak?
how do kids hear directions, watch video directions, or concentrate on their work if too noisy
. what's the best thing to do about cars/dumpsters in bike lanes? emailing parking enforcement takes too long
have you tried them and no response? grrr. what street/area is this at?
funny, we've said sean smith fits norton's style of def, but whats his style? he coached lbs. maybe handling dbs isn't his forte
think they meant seattle style cover 3
it's funny because i have wanted a tank for most of the year, but sweeping the mets in ny twice in one season is just too good
jim johnson is a perfect tank commander. needs to do his part.
scorpio vs ps4 pro difference in power lmaoooooo!
seriously how would we play our games on 900p.
evolution isn't tricky or misleading. just accept that human subspecies are different.
in 2010 1179 white people were killed by blacks. 16,000 whites died by accidental poisoning
i even have an online account with them already, but couldn't use it to check that message. i gave up.
i guess if can't figure out how to answer a very simple question via email/twitter, the chances of them taking digital claims is low.
charlotte mayor tells don lemon she hasn't seen the police shooting video yet, which seems hard to believe.
she said same thing on pbs newshour. said investigation needed to conclude before video could be released.
around half of congressmen &amp; senators who left the hill last congress joined lobbying firms-boehner just did, too....
and that's after doing paid speeches for the shadowy iranian dissident group mek
just ordered strawberry fields and i'm so excited
whee!! can't wait to see your selfies!!!
we live in a digital age, you can have your empire and , too! but i see who you're live tweetin with so it...
tweeting is more fun while live. with both shows being good, tweets add a commentary element we all love.
did this liberal really just tweet that hillary is one of the most ethical leaders in the usa? i. don't. know. wha...
because to be honest, she is. trump gang raped a 13 yr old girl and is on trial for racketeering
looool you're so american. i'll be expecting some serious fante kenkey or something. lool!
i'm taking advantage for when i go back to ghana. ill be back to my banku and okro as soon as i land.
here is travis d'arnaud, who has 14 rbi this season. and the would not have any backup catchers available should this game continue.
the game continuing is not something i'm worried about
yess this show is so good
thank you you are the hero america needs
i guess the difference is i'm focused on the squad and they underperformed this year.
no argument there.
evolution isn't tricky or misleading. just accept that human subspecies are different.
more whites died from swimming pool drowning fan from blacks. seems darwin cuts both ways
dazzling in the dark. from the giuseppe zanotti fall 2016 collection, evening heels with plenty of spark.
ck out . . . /
u want the villa next door. listen 2 police &amp; bad wont happen 2 u not protests
obviously you didn't see the tulsa execution by police of a black man who wasn't even a crime suspect who had his hands in the air
it was pretty good too.
we no longer friends
but why is it that so many ts seem to think less noise is better? are that many that much of a control freak?
there is productive and unproductive noise, i encourage the former, discourage the latter
so he lied to get the media to shut up about it.
a example of being a leader and not being what others would like to label him, i.e., narcissistic.
think they go hand in hand - small lps for access, then hope to invest alongside.
true, until fo gets established and then stops being a lp
what are all the teams you support glenn?
1. rangers 2. giants and mets tied 3. knicks and try to keep up with st. john's basketball and wake forest football
that's the first thing i said when i read it like that's the bigger problem smh
exactly like what the hell is going on with him
skipped 2nd grade. salutatorian. 2 degrees from ivy leagues. writer. lawyer. &amp; rocking givenchy
first lady's moral direction a mainstay during her husband and this nations 8 yrs of progress. legacy of true love still applies
haha the cookie dough ones from costco are probably about as good as they get.
lol i can never finish more than half, no matter how many times i go to eat one. they taste so dry and flavorless to me
happy birthday sweet sister i hope i can adventure with you again soon
same!! thank you so much
fellas, ya girl dying and the only way to save her is to sleep w/ either her best friend, her mama, or her sister. who u pick?
all 3 just to be safe
i saw this but the other day. only happened when i activated control center.
is this some sort of vector rendering thing?
engineers celebrate by not making deadly &amp; discriminatory roads. (ok not really, but a gu...
please tell me this picture is from 1983.
can someone please do some of my notes i'll make you cake pops or pay you .
will do hw 4 cake pops
there's a whole new season 3 of reign why is it not on by now
omg i was saying the same thing i have see some on hulu
i leave tomoro i also have a tooth brush
please brush ur teeth
my iphone was supposed to be here yesterday... no idea where it is. these scan times (louisville in particular) mak...
the louisville scan is the only one that looks out of place, time-wise. as for the routing...
yeah next wed season 1 finale!
this was fun.
downloading life is strange oh it's lit
i enjoyed that game quite a lot, except for one big thing. let me know when you finish episode 4 and we'll talk.
watch me block you
don't hurt yourself - lillyonc
.ladies they found us out!
where r u keeping all your pets? does kilted know about this?? do they have pet rescues for these lol
it's still worth watching to keep track of what the msm wants people to think. otherwise a waste of time.
nope. just watch their polls. hillary ahead by 100% tells me enough. the reckless anti israel headlines.....etc
it blows my mind that we have to bribe people to donate blood/platelets with gift cards, etc.
wish i could tho ~lol~
d'arnaud having 14 rbis in more abs than last year is absolutely classic.
it's not what you want
but why is it that so many ts seem to think less noise is better? are that many that much of a control freak?
i think i tagged my other reply wrong
wow! that's great :) i'm glad you are one of the lucky ones because i had horrible luck with usps
i had good luck a few years ago i sold my rolex for $4500 &amp; insured it, it got lost at post office, they found it.
thank you. i had to have tybalt put to sleep this evening.
let me know a bit ago. he brings my love to you when he arrives.
lmfao alright how you getting to alb cause bitch you is farrr
no i'm not son
damn it's been that long smh
facts bro smh
omg...... himateyyyyyyyy ... thank you
swerte! hehe pero concern ako sa battery mo. charge ka na. hehe
up tweet when it goes into effect , i will be getting buns by the dozen
we already started closing at 11 i believe
yep. had them at the nys fair a few years back. insanely good.
straight up snack food crack. i was already too full of cannolis to eat more than one of them.
okay, sorry we can't be of more help. thank you for letting us know regardless!
but the location was astor place and broadway!
i think everyone would prefer they don't do this bullshit
not everyone. some of us have had our fill w/ white supremacy. we've tried peace. things aren't changing. now, plan b
wow your so good amazing song where in northern california
ps love nor cal! where? so jealous!
helennnnn she's coming here for a concert i wish i could go with you
i wishh
police need to establish law and order. watching this lawlessness on tv is egregious.
for your information these people are just reacting to what's been happening for the past 60years!
straight like that
sam cartel always know the right moves.
give mayple a hug &amp; kiss for me
i will, she is waiting for her nighttime treats.
nyc apartment hunting: things i did not previously realize could be deal breakers
try (terrible design but great no fee places)
imma just ball up right here and cry.
did you have the cloud?
wow! that's great :) i'm glad you are one of the lucky ones because i had horrible luck with usps
i just hope they catch the guy making death threats to me and put him in jail. you can't be doing that to people.
and take this idiot travis with you too!
scratch that... don't take travis yet
i need to issue a 140 char takedown of this one. our very souls!
i dunno, i'm kinda leaning towards an updated version of cocteau's position: i cannot follow every ro...
china's artificial islands are bigger (and a bigger deal) than you think
shuggart knows his stuff. chinese are building permanent task groups that never sail away. the message is clear.
what do cavs fans say??
i didn't burn lebron's jersey when he went to the heat
she has plenty of money
last month, media boasted on the money collected, now she's broke and desperate.....shameful!
yay can't wait
yes me too! wait till you see it! it looks amazing !
and he slams our military every chance he gets. those standing with him should be ashamed of themselves.
sober up, cause that's not the case.
and as long as he says the words slowly and without yelling he will be declared to have "stayed on message" and won...
speaking slowly &amp; with small words will help too. after all, in his own words...
never will be , you get any today?
nah. doesn't mean i won't get tho
i'm not coming home for a while because it's awesome out here! come out here &amp; party hop w/ me
girl yessss we'd tear shit up
two on, one out for asdrubal cabrera, then yoenis cespedes. 4, 3, bot 9
at least tda kknows he cant hit so he drew a walk
i'm doing a survey on which phone i should get just the regular iphone 7 or the plus. .
make a poll! lol
i think you forgot the best????!
oh... i meant the second best part.
i just watched this episode on netflix like ten min ago
me too! we're basically watching together
crazy how many swing and misses he gets
it's like he doesn't even have a clue. i get pressing, but this is ridiculous. he doesn't turn it around, u have 2 buy him out
spicy, strong thai food at fish cheeks, but there's a mango sticky rice cocktail on the menu but no actual mango sticky rice dessert.
feels like the alcohol equivalent of clickbait.
i am a journalism student at ryerson university, and i have a question to ask you. what key skills today's journalists need?
for today's competitive journalism market, being a skilled multi-media &amp; multi-platform journalist is critical.
so proud of my son, for all he's overcome to lead a revolution! go micah!
smile on my kids face whn she saw actor w real cerebralpalsy priceless
more shocking
julian edelman is the backup quarterback?
pats have arguably the most consistent well run team in any league around the world. that's kraft
b/c that's his passion. he's been a fan for 50 years. he has no room in his heart for anything else.
you gotta come to me tho
lol that's what she said
nice gil! that means quantum physics will be cake!
lol i don't take it , i'm just saying like i would never be able to do any chemistry shit or physics haha
yess this show is so good
will help write a speech ???
so what was coven?
madame lalaurie, papa legba, marie laveau and basically the entire cast were real people. in the 1800s.
one of my 2nd graders didn't get the book he wanted today and he told me he was "foiled again!"
i could listen to kids talk all day, they say the most hilarious things
she has plenty of money
just anyway to speak negative or vilify hrc is what does. they said they would stop.
this hasn't gone as viral as i'd expected.
forget it man, it's cat town
after so many disappointments this season i can't believe that something actually went my way. i'm so happy i could cry right now
oook i'm over here saying the same thing
does sam have another gig? va,va,voom, watch that hunk swing that sword!
ha thought the same thing
just creating my own perfect gab experience. mute words, phrases, or hashtags you don't want to see
is a gun aficionado. she is the founder of the ak-15 handgun
i like kendrick. but wtf was that on goosebumps
how you feel when you sprung
day 6 in cat and dog inspired by
so glad to inspire you! nice work
and a national tragedy and disgrace - those too.
very much so
give jordan ducan a bike after learning he walks 2 hrs each way to work from to .
this is really great! better would be these officers speaking up loudly against .
i guess that would make for a more suspenseful theme, we know it's roanoke but now who exactly is in it
they might do it mid season
hahaha. pretty much deep fry anything and it's tasty.
up in maine i saw an entire pig shoulder deep fried at an event. madness. delicious madness.
better build a wall, just to be safe.
yes! and i'm going to make my trousers pay for it!
yup this is all i am getting too. ugh
me three. got this from support
bright eeeeeyes!
every now and then i gotta farrrrrt
i added a video to a playlist kehlani - crzy [official video]
when i was a kid my goal in life was 2 drive a huge scoop shovel but now i wanna join dance squad
but it came with a dongle. cease your bitching.
is it rude to ask where you keep your dongle while your headphones are plugged in to your mac?
new video: what trump loves doing with what he calls, "o.p.m. - other. people's. money."
was hoping the background music would be opp by naught by nature
nah update ya sign, i was there at 10 yesterday and was locked out lmao
really i'll lyk
i'm so upset i missed the first 20 minutes and by the looks of it i missed a lot! any good??
yeah, it's just getting started. lots of very intense people speaking very intensely. and keifer whispering.
. how about that. another moslem liar.
lol he misquoted 5:32. how original. lol
when ur kids as you about memes, how will you respond???how will u describe them
funny pictures with funny captions???
are you still working maril?
what's up rhonnie how's your day/night going never sure what time it is in oz
ha, our last moment together we were gone off jungle juice &amp; heem, going dumb
i need you to bring these vibes to my wedding
chronological or airing? i just started a rewatch myself.
chronological, of course.
what's poppin tonight?
d&amp;b for my homegirls bday
pls 2 tell this to , , and all day erryday you and can be a support group
i am changing teams so i can be closer to and catch his tears.
you ugly too
wasn't the one that hooked up with a certain
this is what a protest looks like. not what's happening tonight
and when those approachs don't work we must use others less accommodating
gosh we wld all love to see what's in those deleted e-mails of hillary's..
u never will. not even when she's president. would love to see trump taxes
this is over engineered - the spec clearly states book can never be null
yeah i noticed that after posting. you know i never get it right first time.
seriously everything here is bomb .. just look at this kimchi fried rice i'm so happy rn lol
omg then he takes me here right after for dessert he's a keeper
juliet, to when ms. ginger told you "no pointe shoes for show" and you wore them savage level 100
hahahaha that was fun
kraft also personally funded mls in 98 to keep league alive. he cares
yes, almost 20 years ago he kicked in to keep events happening in his stadium's off period.
koran allows the cutting down of trees. sura 59. next time you quote 5:32. quote the entire verse
run off again?
thank you, matt. i appreciate the message and i wish you and your family well.
feels like the nyc crown's just been sitting there waiting for you for a looong minute
edwin just came out the barber... buenooooooo lmfaoooooo send help for me pls
what did he do to himself lmao ?
i think the logic is if you are a peaceful protestor...you'll go home. b/c there is probably no way to tell the difference.
i tend to think that when they show up in riot gear from the beginning they are creating a toxic environment.
thank you!!
again you are at the top of your game, saw oyu a couple times today, didn't want bother with a introduction -
ahhhh yeah the microwave is not so much grilled
nuked cheese
when you're in a bad mood and then you get: "i am a fan of your work" doh ho ho ho. :d
i love your work! now finish carpediem and feed my kevin and burt hunger! &gt;:c
the feels train has arrived at the aniplex offices...plastic memories vol. 2 is coming to bd on 9/27! pre-order at...
the box is nice
now that's awesome news!!!! love itunes but love having a hard copy!!! preferably signed!!!!
on its way they look phenomenal!!!
has the best elements of attitude era programming: logical matchups, story progression up and down the card, great matches.
raw has............................................. um........................... well, it's got bayley, at least!
tda has gotten 2 meatball fastballs and been overmatched. he will be lucky to walk. will not get a hit.
is it just injuries or does he actuallt suck
is it summer? is it fall? i don't know, the weather doesn't know, nobody knows!
quality tweet bromigo
as soon as he got elected, barack obama began a campaign to instill irrational fear in young blacks of police.
that really is a moronic statement. i don't think you know anything about the or young black people that is factual.
is it too late to rename my 3 year old daughter gary sanchez?
dumbass.
just wrapped up another photoshoot.
and you say you're not a model
cnn reporter attacked. mainstream media: you reap what you sow.
possibility of this particular attack being staged?
annnddd can't stop whining. even now. really.
paul is being controlled by his beard,it's a parasite and it's hiding behind a facade of friendship
been thinking about what city i'll live in after new york.... leaning towards sf. how's the music scene out in the bay??
1 thing that is good about the bay is the music scene. but i will say it's not nyc. 2 slow but that's just me. bonus: foodie city
i thought that to
i think he could lose to nicole
hi everyone! if you have a second can you check out my updated imdb page and like if you'd... like? thanks! ...
i hope i did as asked very willingly but not sure it posted
workflow tip: maybe don't buy a silly domain name until you've actually started making the thing you want to put there
, you sack of warm, damp garbage
the art of people, 11 simple people skills! i'm a business/communications major, so this book is very helpful for me! thank you
awesome, thanks so much, lmk
the reason clinton hasn't grown support beyond her base is because she isn't really trying.
yes-ish mt : the reason clinton hasn't grown support beyond her base is because she isn't really trying.
unless it's about basketball.
any sportsball
good that all chase drivers should have to go through post race tech. tho i say should be all chase + non chase t10 finishers.
that's a fair way to keep it on an equal plain
... you're eating the food that your real food eats? :(
only to lure in the food i really want to eat
should me and amy date??? yes or no? would we be a hot couple?
you guys have basically dated already for like 7 years...
sang je to my girl when we got 2gether "no more monday nights at the gentlemans club its all bout u"
real af! "i'ma be real and say what's on my heart. let's take this chance and make this love feel relevant" -me to bae
screaming "white supremacy" does not mean it actually exists. you're not smart, stop tweeting.
lol, so says the white boy who benefits from it everyday.
what did he do to himself lmao ?
trimmed his beard, did his brows, cut his hair he looks polished and i'm loving every second of it lmfaooooo
okay. enough. i'm already full. this is going to drive me crazy.
i drank a flagon of mead and some of that shoulder, danny boy. i felt like i needed an axe and a metal helmet haha....
did you just knock on my door
on the wall yes. then you didn't knock back so i took to twitter
the sec just charged leon cooperman with insider trading. the guy's a giant -- and actually started goldman sachs asset management
well, don't hold that against him! :-)
the new polls look great for clinton, but do not get complacent, folks. everyone needs to get out and vote, because it's vital to ... /1
oh please link or name the polls?
catching up on yesterday's jeopardy, there is a woman on the show named dorkus. first name, dorkus. i bet junior high was awesome for her.
"dorcas" is a biblical name. my dad used to joke they were going to name me that but your spelling... yikes.
complete with rubber penis gag stuffed beneath the mouth panel
mmm nice rubber or neoprene gag to suck on when blind and hooded in neoprene
not real food
preach!! it's an appetizer *at best*
does anyone know when the downsville/roscoe/manor homecoming football game is?
idk if there is one. roscoe has no more games at home only in manor
have we really reached stage where message board rumors are treated as sources? once you spread something it's impossible to take it back.
media loves to spread neg. news &amp; rarely take time to verify it! rather break inaccurate news than not be t one 2 break news
before 2017 i'm tryna succ dick in an uberpool would be lit
maybe even the dick of my pool passenger if he lookin right
. they think everyone is as stupid as they are.
lol you just nailed it!
who benefits?
hillary, by at least 1 vote!!
hey , what's up with the app not loading after your latest update? stuck on "loading configuration" and won't do anything!
they just told me to wait an out until they send out an update
no. this is not accurate nor a hot take. start over.
go to trump rally mt : no. this is not accurate nor a hot take. start over.
end disease?!! for a paltry $3bn? rather presumptuous, no? no disease means end of pharma, hospitals! who will comp...
doesn't mean end of pharma. it will mean more vaccines and genetic engineering. so new jobs. but as said in gita, mrityu atal ;)
this face swap is amazing
after watching this vine o_o
and paul just won big brother...there is no way they won't hand him the half a million!
totally but i think he had a better chance to win against james than nicole!
this long lost video of hillary clinton from 1979 is absolutely fascinating to watch:
saw this and is clearly sexist. can't believe she lived through all this. this is why she's so strong. has heard and seen it all.
two truly cool people at their best!
just catching up on ray donovan - yer on fire sully - keep the tweets coming luv the truth
torn between they are just both soooo good
why choose??? combo
i believe there are ppl who believe this is real (and i wouldn't put it past the clintons to do it) but i think it fringe
cool. it seems way too convenient
breaking: isis has struck a u.s. base in iraq with a chemical weapon. the tables just turned completely.
it time to fight fire with fire. napom should do it.
back on the road playing tramps in san diego this weekend - 45 min set directly after floss gonna be a big one.
on my birthday tho
sharing knowledge about open source softwares and its application to everyday life
sharing knowledge is important! took me hours today explaining gplv3
funny how republicans are all pro-guns, pro-second amendment until police shoot someone. then it's "he had a gun!".
exactly. until a poc is exercising his/her rights.
dang this reverend is boooring.. all he's doing is talking about who's he's met with and name dropping.
yeah it just filled time.
omg i've been searching high and low for it
i was too! i think they just added it to amazon because i checked months ago and it wasn't selling yet
an experiment in bot-2-bot communication. in beta, looking for feedback.
this is awesome
i think you're misunderstanding me - i actually care about those 1179 whites.
oh we all care about everyone murdered. i'm shrinking your exaggerations to size is all
she said she thought her son would die and now 4 months later she think he'll be able to walk. it's "people like me" who get her through.
this made me tear up
2016 &amp; we still haven't figured out how to display special characters properly in alerts...
that's not even a special character, it's just a normal ascii apostrophe.
. they think everyone is as stupid as they are.
he even supported violent jihad in the video. then he thinks we will support him.
yeah us people that have to work on regular working days
oh ya, working weekends and having monday tuesday off is a real treat haha.
ask me how excited i am for the new season of greys to start
how excited are you for grey's to start
on my way to a dance class &amp; of course i'm rockin' out to you
yesss you got those moves tho
it's not my fault you looked constipated
shut up lmao
uncle , you did a phenomenal job speaking the truth about . thanks for all you do.
. thank you...and glad you were able to be there to lend support!
it's 7:16pm and more than anything i want to go to sleep jet lag - 1 me - 0
take it, well deserved
how you loyal to someone who is dead? lol
nah i'm loyal until death. after that i'm free.
thank you!!
you are welcome. very encouraging.
lies &amp; fear can't fool a queer
lies &amp; fear can't fool a queer
yes. there are people who are actually this fucking stupid.
a stunning display of ignorance!
i can't wait to get on cd
can't wait to share it! they look amazing!!
random appreciation post cause i love you and am missing you a lil extra today
one more week
i will be interviewed from cleveland, ohio, on - tonight at 10:00 p.m. enjoy!
black lives matter. impossible that most of the black community is wrong. there is something seriously wrong in this nation
funny, i remember him saying "nobody asks me that question anymore."
which many would argue should be respected.
'cause it's not like cops told keith lamont multiple times to drop the weapon he was holding. nooooooooo.
its an open carry state ass-wipe. and he was minding his own business. they were serving a warrant on someone else
before &amp; after the madness
only thing i can say is... wow... just, wow...
his voice is everything
the one jam i showed u
what's having a license with no whip
a beef patty with no buns.
the secrets to live video from the experts at : via | ...
thanks for sharing!
aw wish we had known you were going
we need to hang soon
i hate the braves. game winning hr robbed.
fuck the braves your manager sucks
worst product i've ever opened guys. 60 people watching and a complete embarrassment. that's theft
what a joke
senate clears way for $1.15 billion arms sale to saudi arabia
arming other nations while our army is depleted
i'll try! backspace and backslash keys are messed up so either i fix or i find a way around it since keys are programmable
huh, whatever works
that's just a fitting end to this game...
we just weren't going to win this one no matter what
my photo book is funded! see kickstarter to help reach my calendar stretch goal please rt
we ck'n u out love . cheers :)
thought it sad 3.5mil earlier.. rt : i chuckled a little..
this is when all the closeted ones are coming out
clinton in 2005: "i am delighted to be the senator from punjab as well as from new york." this women had lost it
so where are con don tax returns trump inc records trump foundation taxes. hiding behind the corp veil coward donnie
does murder and looting?
yes. i would 100% agree there was a peaceful protest and riots. two separate things.
no that's how it ends come on man
that fucking hurts that ball was gone
omg this show....how did i used to like this.
you were young and stupid once, it happened to the best of us
thank you toledo, ohio! it is so important for you to get out and vote on november 8, 2016! lets make america safe...
please, god, let win, and give another chance to prosper and be safe.
by the smell prolly bull
disappointing
problematic because she seems to advocate a system where ideas can only be debated in private and never publicly challenged.
ah yes on that she is clearly wrong. but gelman is attacking her methodology.dismissive of it. i can understand her annoyance
sophomore year is equivalent to having a large middle school project every night......
you're only 6 weeks in buddy
the guys in la i've noticed are not genuine. i might have to move some southern guys up here.
yes...please!
the riot gear was for the people shooting each other. sorry for ruining your narrative
yes. i would 100% agree there was a peaceful protest and riots. two separate things.
so if the mets don't make the playoffs. remember that the "worst team in the nl" is the reason why they didn't.
nope, their manager is. bye
i live in charlotte. obama has brought the war to our homes. do you understand? the war is here. the streets are bloody.
the war is here??? lmao says the white nationalist? imagine, african americans upset at being shot by racist cops
would you happen to mean this one?
ahhaha its so on my way! vibes i lav it
it's september baseball. you have to use the favorable match ups
another terry loss, got swept by the god damn braves again, this season is over, idc if we are tied with the cardinals or not
i know without a doubt that is working on it when she has the time!
woohoo! you've earned yourself some booze at fc!
it's 2007 again.
no. in 2007, they had a big lead late and blew it. in 2016, they never had that big late lead.
is this peaceful?
nope. i would 100% agree there was a peaceful protest and riots. two separate things.
, you are rocking your role at !
thank you! :)
sharing a bathroom with siblings:
it took me no time to figure out which sister this was
got accepted to volunteer this summer in australia for 4 weeks! i'll be conserving habitats &amp; working w/ endangered...
i'm so proud of you!
bianca, take a breath. do you even watch tv tonight? the rioters killed a man on tv before any teargas was fired.
no, i've been reading* articles citing order of events: "the latest trouble began with a peaceful* rally that turned violent."
karan just took a full on red light idk why i got in the car with him
then looked at you like this right after?
african american families not taking advantage of ctip 1, some families noted didn't feel like real choice
we need to tell opponents of bus rapid transit like they are segregating schools by limiting choices for poor families.
how about the looting, a murder, fireworks, tear gas and destruction of private property?
i would 100% agree there was a peaceful protest and riots. two separate things.
hoping tonight's message might encourage some of you. airs on tbn at 9:00 cst. because, folks, we could use some gi...
encouraged over here
what's going on
there's a petition going around to make in n out have veggie patties
need to move away to west coast or upstate ny. sigh.
west coast mujhay bhi lejana. pliss.
see ya tomorrow folks, we're fine. you know us we'll sweep the phils and be right back in it.
this one stings
building small things with many people is the hardest of all!
beat me to it :)
we're celebrating our birthdays the next time i'm in your city.
next year!!
i literally don't even know what to fucking say right now. that was just....
cespedes didn't even get enough of it unreal
nope, no problem with
\_()_/ ... now i'm really curious tho
lmao it's not possible that i need to pack tomorrow, i have nothing to wear!
if you want i can leave out my pile of laundry and you could choose from that.
yea right!
lmfao and then handed him some stolen booze
is "scrolling the view" considered a ui bug inside apple, when it happens across all apps?
scrolling in general is an appkit - coregraphics - windowserver - iohid sort of thing
i love it. it's also a great time to catch up with you two
i look forward to it every week. i honestly schedule my training around it so i will be awake for it
thanks mate
nice video pie , higuain looks so nice
how much money do blacks cost white taxpayers? do you have that stat? i do.
i'd like to stay focused on your evolution expertise. please show the peer reviewed studies
mayor giuliani on charlotte protests: "to see this breaks my heart &amp; it makes me feel like my 8 yrs of work as mayo...
well, he got what was coming. you will be killed by pointing a gun at a cop, what would you expect?
oh really... does a dead civilian...wrecked cars...looted business... broken windows and strewn garbage make it a riot? jerkoff
i would 100% agree there was a peaceful protest and riots. two separate things.
and hopefully not hello to explosions.
as long as the battery icon is green, you should be good.
if you live in nyc go check out when it opens tomorrow. you won't be disappointed.
thank you for the tip!
if you are surprised you aren't a real mets fan. .
we are owned by the worst team in our division at home . they're our daddy.
mayor giuliani on charlotte protests: "to see this breaks my heart &amp; it makes me feel like my 8 yrs of work as mayo...
self- government, without self-discipline, won't work.
and what are you, you sure as hell aren't "black" and you sure as hell wouldn't be accepted in the riot tonight.
ima yankee who ancestors helped build the abolition movement, elect lincoln, gave $$ to king. fully support black liberation
by who's logic
language is made up lets just call them deez nutz delights
thank you, sincerely cards fans.
you can thank ender inciarte
i hope your not fucking none
nah im faithful to you
the writing is on point.
completely! idk how they keep getting better and better!
ok. ermon lane at safety. what are we doing? smh.
where'd you see that?
a word for scandinavian winter nesting.
i dunno, cocoa with booze in it? or a hot toddy is always nice.
of all times to be swept.
i'm tired of this wild card race.
what exactly is "snese"
marissa y do u talk to him
psa: due to an ios 10 related problem my notes and evolution have been lost. sadly we will have to start over but evo 2 is on the way
sorry for your loss
it's mostly peaceful... except here reporters are knocked on their asses and people are killed... mostly peacful.....
i would 100% agree there was a peaceful protest and riots. two separate things.
vince staples is crushing this. best episode yet.
entire show of interviews! more like this pls.
even bush won't vote for trump! which honestly has kind of turned my world around and forced me to rethink everything.
dont u love how trump supported the war on howard. and everywhere else he claims he was against it. god bless those archives
inciarte heywarding
nah inciarte is hitting too good this year to be heyward
stop asking me why i always wear my puka shells. why does it matter? they are apart of my body. they don't come off
was dead-ass planning to ask u that
i'm 51 years old. no election in my lifetime, have the stakes been higher.
yet heston would probably were a maga hat today.
that feeling when contact with an old acquaintance consists of them opting you in to their new marketing blog.
did you get a mass solicitous email from that g guy too?
what's in it for the criminals
i think they just want an audience
inciarte takes a three-run homer away yoenis cespedes for the last out of the game, and atl beats the mets, 4-3.
he still sucks... where is that play against wsh/phi/mia????
i'm can't even expressed how sad i am sitting here watching things unfold in charlotte. folks getting tear gas. 1 person shot dead.
i wonder if people still feel it was wrong of mayor de blasio to warn his son on how to behave if confronted by the police.
he read my unabomber book review and believes my talents are best used elsewhere
that essay was excellent btw, brought me right back to hs to when a friend and i read his stuff for a week
you're right. i don't disagree. but as fans can't we do our part be vocal and demand more?
if there was a way to protest that would actually impact bk in any way, i would love to see it.
i live in charlotte. obama has brought the war to our homes. do you understand? the war is here. the streets are bloody.
it's not obama's fault white racist cops are shooting innocent african americans. if anything it's trumps for promoting nazis
lmao. so if they do good. it's be players are good. but if they suck. it's managers fault. your pathetic. good night
nope, that is not what i said. i said his decisions tonight directly cost his team the game and do on a regular basis.
this means i need to step my game up.... by that i mean stop screwing around &amp; put out a new episode when i say i am.
do it make it happen sleep is for the weak
i wanted to cry!!!
i am crying for you
please join me in wishing a happy birthday
happy birthday! thank you for being great on !!
its over you retard
lmao west coast. it's not on until 9 here
launching chrome just to use the damn hangouts extension to chat... *smh* native apps all day.
'web apps' became 'chrome apps' and i am having none of it!
there's window snapping...?
yeah, try dragging a window next to another. it's somewhat subtle. i like it though.
right, i swear i think she's slow
he called her slow
this kiddo. n_n
dont take the pills though &lt;.&lt;
gaby doesn't drink! or does she?
that means you'll have to drink her share then, gg!
you're right. i don't disagree. but as fans can't we do our part be vocal and demand more?
only thing that has ever, in 20 yrs, roused him was article calling him a bad owner.
agree, &amp; that's why i think part of the genius of 's bmc is the embedded questions
it's a scaffold for thinking about a problem.
rats of a feather flock together!
look at this asinine liberal cunt trying to cast aspersions on a man who literally cleaned up that cesspool known as nyc.
this is ridiculous. shame on you i will never support you.
send the bill to george soros.
lmao. so if they do good. it's be players are good. but if they suck. it's managers fault. your pathetic. good night
also, i don't know if you know how to read standings but the braves are the worst team in the nl. they are. it's fact.
which is pretty much a first. :)
i like bill, but sometimes he doesn't know what he's talking about. he just says it with authority. nice job!
has a "you're welcome" card...fyi!!
- use promo code: mariaho and get 20% off all bald guy greetings. thanks
if i start talking about obama the way i really want to, homeland security will be at my door in 30 minutes i bet!
obama is quickly pushing nixon towards sainthood!
. not much of a challenge with a moslem. each one is dumber than the previous.
which is just what satan wants.
cheers we can just sit back and watch while they destroy themselves. it's too easy. ...
them. right, you're not like "them" at all. is for human rights. oh yeah, you're not like that.
the pizza saved me
pizza is the root of all solutions. plz note i will be sleeping by the time you eat.
wonder where your tax dollars go? here are the highest paid government workers in each of the 50 states.
. almost 60 of every tax $ goes to the us military.
i hate the for trading shelby miller for inciarte, swanson. worst trade in history
ik, idiots, cus you know shelby miller is clayton kershaw, whoever made that trade should be fired
oh shit. ender inciarte may have just screwed the mets out of a playoff spot with a hr robbing catch off cespedes. circle this play !!
terry c screwed the mets out of a wild card game. so many terrible mistakes. totally out managed. and worst bullpen manager ever
definitely... can you help? books to talk about tough topics in k-1?
"let's talk about race" by julius lester is a favorite
hi i can literally see your antennas and panels, mounted atop your central office. yet, "4g" (utms,...
turns out this is known (via mark the spot)
not just of fo but the players as well. they need to know we're unimpressed
i'm pretty sure the players know, and not real up to them as much (imho).
better prepare..hillary has signaled her . the chaos is sanctioned...
the guy had a gun what is she saying.oh that's right she's lying to get elected and more cops killed silly me..
uber looking to dig itself like a tick into the lives of its customers.
had 50% off all my rides last week and now this. not complaining!
giuliani now insisting that was the mayor should do is tell protesters they're "not allowed" to riot.
who needs that pesky 1st amendment anyway?
the getting swept at home by the - again - just can't happen in a pennant race. shouldn't come down to that catch by inciarte.
agreed. i still can't get over the reed removal and double switch. i've never been a fan of collins, now...well...bah.
yo ai oboeteimasuka is cheating tho
did they use it in delta too?! guess i'm catching up...
again? when did they ever stop sucking
there was that brief stretch where they took over the wild card...
who calls ppl is much to blame for injustice- she has taken ppl for granted- changes nothing.
she didn't call them super predators. she actually called gang leaders and drug pushers super predators
my mom wants me to go to mexico with her for christmas. she's trying to real me in with the food. i see you.
but i'm in the us and there's in n out here.
terrible answer, paul.
yeah, it's like the "i'm sorry to anybody who was offended" apology.
i don't like your face you trick. you disrespectful and mean. hope you find love in this life
and you can kiss the blackest part of my ass foh
this guy blocks the last dock at 47th &amp; 31st every day
that cart has a permit #,
you're a good man and passionate. that's what it's all about. cheers
always a pleasure to talk soccer. cheers to you.
2.30 pm. it's a sunny but cool day &amp; i'm inside sewing
discussing pet penises
gotta trade this guy in the off season. it just didn't work out.
totally disgusting
ugh i can't stop sneezing this damn ac can it be fall already so i don't have to deal with the ac anymore
then turn it tf off
tc has to go after this season!!!
he should have gone after last year. he gave the ws away
today was a truly magical shoot in the desert. i saw my 1st . i'm so blessed to love what i do and ha...
that's one thing i have seen!
gee, i wonder why so many americans stereotype black men as violent thugs and dangerous criminals....
racial discrimination: it only mkes the situation worse
what's worrying hillary &amp; trump's campaigns before the 1st debate - abc news - via hillary might not show up!
she'll be there if they have to stuff her! l
tried being until i just saw the video: y'all toast in da 'hood!
ain't no way i can un-explain this:
love my girl we always got you!
love you all &amp; the xoxo
final - braves 4 mets 3. we wuz robbed. (thanks for nothing, ender inciarte)
did anyone actually think inciarte wasn't coming down with that ball?
you're coming to , right?
yes! have to check in at the and then heading over!
our little kitchen is finally finished eat your heart out .
i love it, especially that sink!
davis stays on my nerves, lol!
ikr? i wish charley would tell davis
that's why i like you
that make my whole month
i asked the same thing
yeah sorry no rule changes for fg at this time. too much for commissioners to monitor. just keep it simple
ain't much dawg, just out here chillin
i hear u fam....what u got planned for the night.?
on my way to job 2 and i see this behind me. the lights in lexington take forever. at least it wasn't a clown.
simple calculus: drive time on nicholasville road approaches infinity as the date approaches christmas.
that's really good for you bc it's so many typos in this email lol
bitch plz go look in the mirror and let me know if you think anything you ever say on this earth will matter you ugly fuck
or let me just pretend to look in the back for you while i check my phone for 20mins
we use to be mad salty when they ain't believe us
i constantly make myself promises that don't come true, i'm done with that
but this probably another promise that i'm not going to keep, whatever
- acuras aren't upgraded lawnmowers - coffee will never cost more than $1 - attackers need to exfil your data to monetize
- you don't need more than 256k - this change involves no downtime - all of back to the future 2
who calls ppl is much to blame for injustice- she has taken ppl for granted- changes nothing.
but ya know, trump wants to nationally profile americans and have a national stop and frisk.
can't wait to spend my weekend writing papers &amp; reading 5 textbooks :))))
that should be illegal
hope your rican gf cuts you
i don't date those kind of people
what narrative says cops are granted the authority to execute citizens as they see fit?? give me a break.
sis; 6913 ppl died before seeing a judge in texas last 10 years. 500 ppl executed that we know innocent!
it was really good!!
i have it recorded i'm gonna watch it tomorrow!
let me know a bit ago. he brings my love to you when he arrives.
when i'm back from attending a funeral this weekend we should spend some time together.
i met temple grandin st my school today
awesome!! my daughter is diagnosed high functioning autism. she's a great woman.
from this point forward please refer to me as "22 across".
wow !! 22 across and colonel brian quinn . you guys are getting more famous by the day !!
i'd say that a claim of that sort is circumstantial. it would seem to me that blacks have the ability to be as vocal as whites
hardly. though i would say obama has raised the confidence-and expectations-of black folks...which is energizing blm.
oh yes! now i don't have to wait to go to italy to go to eataly!
eataly is on my bucket list!
just destroyed me
how did stan and wendy break up
that essay was excellent btw, brought me right back to hs to when a friend and i read his stuff for a week
we had the exact same reaction "well the thesis is entirely correct, actually"
ender inciarte makes game-saving catch, braves complete sweep of mets. inciarte: 61 defensive runs saved over last 3 seasons, 3rd among of
whoever made that trade for shelby miller, thanks a whole fucking lot, i hope you get fucking aids and your dick falls off
it's prob a dark place!!
i only want to visit because i assume it's the same universe where alicia silverstone won an oscar for "the hours".
uk introduces new 5 note featuring yousuf karsh photo of winston churchill.
karsh had just grabbed the cigar out of winston churchill's mouth, to initiate reaction.
how did stan and wendy break up
they were perfect
wow. now that i would like to try
it's really good with shrimp if that sweetens the pot, the honey pot that is
taking out reed. taking out reyes. the loney error. the ending. just end this season.
just end the season? ur whack
oh now u add rubber bullets.... nice move
i'm quoting a article stating use of rubber bullets in the very 1st line:
what are you doing tomorrow we have plans
gotta skip work if we want to be the first 15
cool. there are. and the braves have forever owned the mets.
i don't see what your point is, why you keep putting it in quotes. arrive at the point
another great plane!
as long as she doesn't suck you in!
ooo so hard! are you thinking methods? or templates to place stuff into? like affinity diagram vs empathy map.
a canvas holds understanding about the problem that invites domain knowledge.
ender inciarte makes game-saving catch, braves complete sweep of mets. inciarte: 61 defensive runs saved over last 3 seasons, 3rd among of
stupid motherfucker, yeah cus trading for shelby miller is like getting kershaw smh, fuck baseball and fuck the diamondbacks
was hoping wunderlist and a swath of other apps would get sirikit functionality but that's not happening anytime soon.
i'm sure it'll open up soon, iirc touch id followed suit
city after city after city ruined by thugs. their hands full of blood of dead, injured cops.
hey killary, how's that anthony wiener/abedin thing working out for you &amp; your followers?
i'm co owning a kitty with my friend and i want to name her "dead" but my friend won't let me whyyyyyyyyyyy :(
we came to the conclusion that were gunna name her emoly.
history proves peaceful protests have done nothing productive
i hope this is sarcastic
@@@@@@ me bro
@@@@@@ us bro
who calls ppl is much to blame for injustice- she has taken ppl for granted- changes nothing.
he also posts nazi memes, talks about gas chambers, talks he rapes 13 yr old girls, facing racketeering charges
this week the us senate will vote on my legislation to block arms sales to saudi arabia. we don't need a middle east arms race!
fuck that, tell congress to do their real jobs, zika, guns, and so many more
this is buddy, our new puppy. he's about 6 months old.
it turns out that mickey the italian greyhound was older than we thought. he was born sept. 9, 2004 and died two days ago, at 12 years. rip.
ok i know it's been said but can we talk about how incredible and michelle obama is?!?
i'm watching her interview with colbert and just soaking up the wisdom
woke up a 7 million subscriber delirious today! thank you everyone :d
who does all the custom thumbnail artwork for your videos?
ender inciarte makes game-saving catch, braves complete sweep of mets. inciarte: 61 defensive runs saved over last 3 seasons, 3rd among of
oh and fuck science
story of my life.
made my headache worse
honestly though, the best villain for defenders would be shield
think about it, we live in an age where our public defenders are more and more suspect, who's a bigger villain here &amp; now than the cops?
is there anything better than a 5lbs of sour patch kids?
ingredients: sugar ...invert sugar???
corey- paul, some of the jury think you are a great strategist but i dont see it. paul- 6 times on the block and only 2 votes to evict
corey what would you know? youve been in bed all season
ima follow and dm ppl who rt/fav my pinned tweet for the next 10 min
you should dm me because i rt'ed it :)
suggestions for things to do with open-minded but easily tired dads in nyc? likes history, not sports.
take him to see blair witch...i hear it's a documentary about real life historical events
according to trump's campaign manager, clinton never misses a chance to score political points...
she hasn't seen his twitter? ever?
making the postseason would be a huge waste a time. this team won't win shit this year.
nope, i hope they don't even make it now, cus terry needs to go
dude we blew the fucking east by a 7 game lead. were fighting for a wc spot now. complete different situations lmao
choking is choking in my book!!
i got my baby today yesss
omg she is beautiful
policy questions from willie geist are never to be taken seriously though.
that's accurate.
i am speechless after watching that last play right now. that's a heartbreaker. have to come back strong this weekend.
its terry collins fault. he's an idiot
just amazing. we can't ever beat you guys. unbelievable play. i didn't think he caught that
he was a throw in in the shelby miller trade. arizona is so dumb
angry johnny
by poe? r u listening to it rn?
if miss the postseason they can look back on their 9-10 record vs. braves
i believe the phillies and marlins are "licking their chops"
in russia, establishment parties swept parliament largely because the media ignores or marginalizes opposition parties. sound familiar?
u r a total hypocrite, make look like a for. policy whiz &amp; that tweet reads like a white supremacist's
how long you in town for?
hey gary! tomorrow at noon, came for a mtg in and out but will be back soon - def want to hang go nats ;)
can i have the freedom of my opinions back pls?
ofc , but you deadass talking bullshit menor , love u tho
empire start 2 seconds now &amp; is just non-stop baccanal already omg wdf
why that bitch anika still alive hoss
what'chu dealin with this weekend?
who knows. football sunday usually the move
most beautiful woman of all times.
.... so lovely
wow that's a lot of steps, good work
thank youuuu
i'm crying with you but it's because i'm laughing so hard
this one is killing me
but are you oke though?
aghhhhhhhhhh, what is that pain i feel? i think my sides just split.
no one has time for your pathetic excuses for thuggish violence.
except that 50-plus outraged people who liked or retweeted the comment. people are being pushed way too far.
congratulations!
thank u thank u!
every time i think about angela playing cuba's mom 25 years ago... she looks so damn good!
omg that's right
this makes no sense whatsoever .
dt saying it just 2 appease others 2 attempt unity (while rightfully having personal internal conflict) makes it so.
thanks for the time, - pleasure meeting you.
nick, let's talk about that avi tomorrow ...
awww poor meg tat must help!!
i love my protection squad y'all are great
what's an authentic bomber jacket lol
alpha industries or ll bean not the hm or zara shits
your secret is safe with me
foh lmaoo i've never dated a rican. lost my virginity to one. she became a single mom and a stripper. in that order i think.
think about it, we live in an age where our public defenders are more and more suspect, who's a bigger villain here &amp; now than the cops?
it's a clash of cultures, faceless authority for an amoral system against community heroes, for the people &amp; of the people
sorry brother. worst feeling in the world. had mine stolen in boston last november and i'm still not over it.
i'd feel worse but my boosted board is being shipped to me this week lol
and now we know why these white supremacist bumpkins with no teeth married to their cousins love trump....
not all trump supporters are racist, but all racist are trump supporters
i can't believe that just happened
really? i can. it's the mets
oh, because poor whites are never victims of police brutality? look up some facts
rarely as often as african americans and it's not just poor african americans, its all african americans
thanks for a great day of inspiring and fun workshops
thanks for your kind words! very happy to have been of service!
u on that golf flow now?
i've been on that golf flow
i haven't ever done that. i'd like to make some sourdough bread at some point. root beer too. maybe mead. i have bees on my prop.
i live in an apartment, but we have comm garden, i grow the cabbage i ferment
only other player that makes that play is trout.
i can't believe we aren't going to make the playoffs after that late august early september run, its disgraceful
it turns out that mickey the italian greyhound was older than we thought. he was born sept. 9, 2004 and died two days ago, at 12 years. rip.
buddy is a skinny little guy but he has a wonderful temperament and is very friendly so we should get along fine.
this is incredible!!! congrats todd hope you have a killer show
thanks amy! i'm beyond excited and honored to even be asked to do this! good to hear from you love!
you're making me jealous. i never thought i'd be jealous of end-of-summertime rats, but here we are. heh.
i screamed. olive ran after it. then i composed that tweet
yeah. thanks for trying to get in. i enjoyed your talk. you are very smooth and relaxed.
thanks man, appreciate it coming from a rockstar!
timbs??? out the window
bugged out im not wearing uggs this winter
i have no fucking clue why this bitch is tagging kaepernick in these tweets as if he's going to help her ass.
fuck off ass-wipe. i'll give you a second to read this then i'm blocking your ignorant racist ass. bye felicia
dude we blew the fucking east by a 7 game lead. were fighting for a wc spot now. complete different situations lmao
well do better on the road
i want to tell y'all about the pair clearly on a first (drunken) date at the bar with me
two hours ago they were all "shoulders respectfully aimed at each other"
richard lynn has written numerous peer reviewed papers on this subject.
ah yes, brilliant in some ways, unscientific in others.
only other player that makes that play is trout.
i've seen this before in 2007, the 2016 mets are headed down that road
mr beckham thinks making sure families have best info about the process is of key importance
is anyone mentioning busses as key to making lottery choices real choices for poor families? no bus access=not a real choice.
i dont have a 7. and yes it's rude.
i figured you don't have a 7, jon. but i wasn't going to comment because... that's rude.
thanks bro. i'll call in a bit.
i'm always here for you
inciarte took a perfect angle and robbed cespedes of a 3 run game winning, season saving home run.
still think they have plenty of chances to save their season. but that was a gut punch
plawecki should never have batted. rivera has done great job as a rookie. blame this one on the manager. what's right is right
yeah but you needed a fly ball and started the count 2 &amp; 0
awesome great upgrade
you need a profile pic buddy, when i see none i want to
love u forveer mum
love you forever, so proud of you
shooting 2 disable - eliminates the threat, if you serve2protect &amp; r not just a murder w/a badge &amp; gun
to serve &amp; protect is a pr myth. the police only serve &amp; protect the bureaucracy.
aww we just lost the playa cards with that one fam putting on early 2000 middle school dance jams on*
same. bout to send out some heartbeats and everything.
you have to try it it's bomb
there's always so many pho places i never know which one to go to lol
this is over engineered - the spec clearly states book can never be null
if i'd been given a proper tck i wouldn't have made that mistake
do.not.laugh. 's enough of a nazi that it could happen.
meanwhile his propaganda asparagus hard at work!
as a business owner / entrepreneur, how do you educate yourself and stay ahead of the curve when it comes to marketing?
dig in and get my hands dirty. get clear on goals and tinker until the levers produce results.
what most think of as a big is actually a poor sense of self. ego: is bigger actually better?
a yogi has to walk a fine line too much sense of our individual self and not much of our divine self brings unwanted trouble
i need that batman one omg and the joker
the batman and jokers!!
was kanye an hour and a half late for ? i dunno man, i just work here.
pretty sure he's always an hour and a half late everywhere
who's going to buy cereal that cost $12.00 &amp; who's going to buy cereal that says booty o
someone stupid enough to buy this cartoon crap they call current wwe
how do you represent the history of black america through a doll?
would love to invest in a doll for my daughter, but can't get past addy, the slave.
pretty cool. tumblr is first website to support apple live photos. try pressing and holding this pic and it moves
is it only on the apps? looks like it doesn't work on web :(
you got that right jeanie. i almost can't take it
nugget must be so proud of his boys !!
world's merch preview is up! can't wait for groups to start!
riven looks gorgeous! hopefully there's enough for the demand!
awesome!! congrats
thanks, very proud!
meet us saturday!! sept. 24th at the downs after dark. where: churchill downs 700 central ave. louisville, ky 9:30-...
come to philly!!!!!!!!!
bc u said a team in a rebuilding process who has done a pretty good job at doing that. doesn't know baseball.
i said it's because it's true. they're awful. the mets should beat them.
inciarte robs the rhode island mets to end the game . .
. goodbye terry collins.
week 18: kacie took a plumble - w/ @
the best with the best people. i wish i could put picnic on repeat.
hi my name is lauren and am 47 next month are you single you are very cute
thanks cutie!
lol your ancestors. oh, well, if your ancestors did all that! haha, for fuck sake. you're insane!
i support, with all my being, black liberation- through any means necessary.
rt if you also don't want medieval cults of the 7th century in our country!
it's newer than christianity and came from the same place
i didn't even know there were a such thing as fake bomber jackets lol is fear of god fake too
i didnt even know they had bomber jackets honestly but yeah its a name brand
oh, because poor whites are never victims of police brutality? look up some facts
your ignorance is on full displayblack lawyers, pro sports players, dr's, cops, are all victims of w/cops
i hope to! i have approximate knowledge of what happens, but i look forward to seeing it all in context
it's one of those shows where the plot takes a while to really get going, but it's fun right off the bat.
did you? member when fags like you would be gassed! i member!
member when fuckwad traitors like you were hung in the street...i do, and we will repeat it.
i went to gilmore trivia alone. i came in second. i beat a smug pregnant woman so i'm calling it a victory.
can we be friends again
lol y'all wilding with this show.
i'm just here like what assignments is due tomorrow, lemme start them.
my eyes are dry as fuck due to my contacts being in my eyes for 13.5 hours now
same since 5am. i look forward to "sleeping in" till 6:15 tomorrow up
i don't have an account, but here's the article i was sent.
big body that can run.
this is the exact reason we need more transcripts of what trump has said/says.
i gave money to 'that' am i free to go now thanks news person.
i'm really enjoying on ! great addition to the show.
i like jedidiah too! love her viewpoint too!
i will fuck your grandma
this was pretty funny
all terry's fault
this is not ok!!!
. in a season of overwhelming false equivalences, it's one of the most inequivalent comparisons i've seen.
i'm not talking about the merits -- i'm talking about a searing sense of racial grievance driving our politics
you can talk to my friend and colleague henry
awesome. i would love to. qa isn't my strong suite and i want to be valuable by at least making intros
its ok glem we will get along. lgm and lets go johnnies and knicks even tho they are all trash
we'll see come october 13th
i didnt even know they had bomber jackets honestly but yeah its a name brand
well lemme correct myself, its a high quality name brand
it ain't a party without some ass-kickin' cowbell!
it will be more kick ass with even more cowbell
i knew i recognized them
more like a pair of butt head twins!
two hours ago they were all "shoulders respectfully aimed at each other"
but after some wine they were all ..:................sexyyesokyesthankyouyes
i am very excited to say that i have received my first offer from plymouth state university!!
you're so awesome congrats!!!!
reading civil cases, decision making and "just" justice crap is making my head hurt
i'm tired of being a forensic psych major i need to transfer
netflix isn't messing around. it sounds like punisher's series is already in production.
why say that? heard some new info?
it's one of those shows where the plot takes a while to really get going, but it's fun right off the bat.
also prepare to have many feelings about jeri.
i need some clarification. what is the relationship between "we have ai" and "they actually have ai", is the former just a claim?
short cut for "claim that we have/use ai is true". also, for my purposes, ai == ml model that's not static, deep or otherwise
lolol..but one thing about jody...u never know which direction he's gonna go...
and also... clearly.... halloween is not spelled with a "c"... . so umm yeah lolol
not sure what you mean. i think education should be available to anyone that wants it and people need to want bette...
a man's is the reason "why" he "feels motivated" to "earn wages". this is how i define it.
checking out some pornos
really, bro? you gonna crank one off with those big ol' yeti hands? i dare you to try.
i don't even know what to do right now
google who inciarte is and how long hes been in the league?
that catch was a game... ender
pretty sure they call that ender's game
living the dream.
the whole package
which game y'all pickin?
memphis, he's taking me 4my bday
might do a private party loan to someone buying my sprinter. how do i insure the vehicle while i own it, and someone else holds liability?
supplement insurance might work.
the fuck?????
i have no prob with drake, but he's got front running down to a science.
why the fuck not?
private acc
how far ahead do you think hilary is? look at the averages and you'll realise it's close
if you look at 2012 the polls varied wildly &amp; didn't coalesce until days before the vote--except foxnews' poll.
progress meter went from almost done to back to half-way.
it is a two step meter... yeah that makes sense. so does 55 mb watch updates (3.1) taking an hour.
could you periscope gwen's set? looks like she'll perform during sting's set, too: thanks if you can! :)
i either don't know what it looks like that you're referring to our i don't see it
what is up:
i'm such a 5 year old, my immediate rponse was "chicken butt".
thinking about chalkzone again :(
marcy's got the chalk
honestly don't think you know her
thirst for gossips consumes me regardless
i don't like rika but this crazy messed up world exists for me reminds me of her
she's at the bottom clawing at v's heart
no probs. thats my secret passion but dont tell anyone
your secret is safe. ;)
fox5 just did 15 min of the sky is falling we're all gonna die and hit a hard left to 'pumpkin spice fries!?!?' crazy!
if you gonna die what better way then to die like a white girl?!
mike's talking about tightening up the membership on his seven-person burger club
i hate the idea of burger club
and again, i don't want to blame the manager/coaches. ultimately, they have to play better. but i have wondered how much bob geren is missed
i'm really concerned they're not gonna make it they're slumping badly right now
meet ! she's awesome &amp; doing some interesting things w/
thanks for connecting us :)
dude we blew the fucking east by a 7 game lead. were fighting for a wc spot now. complete different situations lmao
oh my bad still home.
that makes sense but it looks horrible in say, a news article. but i am pro!
but seriously, spanish needs a neuter gender like latin has. not sure why most latin-derived languages lost it.
cmon you can't compare the 2. this team was 60-62 and 5.5 out to come back. giants &amp; cardinals are not that good
dude i am totally disgusted with tonights game, of course that prick would make that catch too
my last day at the observer is next friday. on oct 3 i start a new chapter writing about food &amp; cocktails as features manager for amny .com
now i finally have someone in the office who gets my simpsons jokes aside from
ugh i just gave up this episode is bad.
i'll stick it out for you.
they should. but i'm not saying that. i'm saying u think the braves don't know baseball.they were also good for like 20 years
when on earth did i say the braves don't know baseball? point to it. i'll wait
people dragged from their cars by black terrorists during . like multiculturalism?
point a gun at a cop, what would you expect to happen?
that cellar lowkey givin some season one vibes
the flashlight on the jars was a direct callback to the season one opening credits don't try to tell me different
thanks and right back at you, claudia :)
thanks !!!
intercloud, born in a "strategy bat cave", dead on arrival: cisco moves on from intercloud via
not even sure how they can help the "hybrid" cloud migrate workloads...
doctor pizza we will need a ruling on this
more rum then
thank goodness they are now safe again it breaks my heart people are like that
just like voting: tweet and retweet as much as possible.
lol are you going with javi or your new boyfriend?
haha he's not my boyfriend. he's my friend
will natalie vote for nicole bc she is all about female power? paul was not any more convincing than nicole with the jury ?s.
i think she would
nicole i should've picked ur outfit,
would you have dressed her as the picnic table itself?!
my name is kobe n i send ppl vids of me on snapchat dancing behind the wheel so everyone can know im licensed huuuuuhh
why is this even getting likes smh i sent you one snap that's it i'm killin our streak
any predictions of when will come to ?
oooh hopefully soon! we've been getting lots of requests for toronto!!! are you currently coworking there? :)
come hang out with us if you're looking for snow cones and a good time
you got the snowcone machine for real?!
haters gonna say it's fake
absolutely unreal... happy one year
that usually happens when people riot.
yes, i know -- it's the peaceful demonstration (that started outside a church) turning violent that is bothersome.
so then why don't any of you challenge this clown in the post game pressers
he gets asked about moves daily
actually... that's the worst part. i can't/won't ever give up on the mets, no matter how often they rip our hearts out &amp; stomp on 'em
yep always no matter what
im a huge meek fan but what the game did to him is crazy
he dug him up then killed him lol
freddie freeman is 2-4 against addison reed. that's this moron's logic. come on.
wait what? this was used? that's asinine.
it's at 5pm?
yes - but goes till 7. come later if u want :)
aye. thought ks backers getting theirs too, now?
we have been told the shipment will get to the warehouse in a couple more weeks
you actually liked that song?
no but i did use ta sing it around the house
that cellar lowkey givin some season one vibes
the flashlight on the jars was a direct callback to the season one opening don't try to tell me different
i want kids but i dont wanna be pregnant or give birth but i dont wanna adopt either because i want them to be mine...do you see my problem?
can a pararody account have children? parody kids?
will natalie vote for nicole bc she is all about female power? paul was not any more convincing than nicole with the jury ?s.
glad to see ya back helen we missed you
or a woman.
-mar's guitar's daddy went home 2b with the lord-9-20-2016-we will miss u-r.i.p.
true. but you also have to accept the possibility that he's just unnaturally hot right now
he's been "unnaturally hot" for 40+ games tho. not exactly a cup of coffee.
the one that reached into the car as the police were telling him not to? yea i saw it
hahahaha, the window on the vehicle was up. guess again, dipshit. look, go find a cop cock to suck if that's what gets you off.
hi debra! i'm seeking potential speakers for a "measuring ux in vr" panel, can you dm me if you're interested?
interested, let's chat!
pff recap: grading the in week 2. takes a look at pff's grades and provides some thoughts.
wonder what grade deion would've gotten in run defense
cmon you can't compare the 2. this team was 60-62 and 5.5 out to come back. giants &amp; cardinals are not that good
giants are losing 4-1, i guess that helps, but still disgusted with this series
people actually saying this season of ahs is scary? y'all pussies. can no other ahs season top asylum's!!!
even if it's 'based on a true story' this season is straight up garbage so far.
watching mr. robot so i'm not trying to rub it in i'm genuinely curious, what happened that twitter is ablaze
man oh man. terry mismanaged a game as bad as u can get. yo robbed of a 3 run walk off hr to finish off being swept by the braves
that is not a good look? damn, jose. you're soft as fuck
listen here mr.bacon to keep itwith you i'm just worried that he in his feelings and forget jordy
these are games. the only one not playing games was bernie.
hahahahahahaha *was*
its series canon that he has a huge rod
i mean, so long as everything is in proportion. assuming he's like 8 feet tall and hung like rod stewart in that case.
don't start...teasing me!
over here please!!!!
author shares the power of her magical mystery book tour w/ events large () and small
miss you square books! i'll always &lt;3 for connecting us!
the sun is setting and is up to bat soon.
i'm sorry i couldn't make it robb my sister and super prego, i had to tend to my niece
facetiming low key made my night
that's yo gf bro ?
if i don't win my way into the radio 104.5 studio session next week can you just bring me in i need to be there
when is it?!
foam party before the first day of school?
go go go go have fun in college!!!
he gets asked about moves daily
i respect the work you all do, i just think he gets off way too easy at times.
though i'd imagine, they don't care.
the new york times has addressed my question:
tom jones finally doing his hits. backloaded show :)
back-loaded? it's not unusual... hahaha i crack myself up...
lol school sucked today i hate subs bc they don't care while i'm actually trying to learn?!
right after school it's just been uphill
i've said i don't expect much change but i do wonder if dick scott will find himself managing the fireflies next year...
you just look at some of the things that have gone on, and you wonder about the advice terry is getting.
perfect, thank you so much!
you're welcome. :)
if peaceful protests don't work, and violent protests don't work, what is anyone supposed to do?
you get up tomorrow and try nonviolent protest again. and again ...
reports victim is still alive. barely hanging on. life support. pray!
our prayer team is praying for the young man and for peace in charlotte tonight
u can only retweet this on the 21 night of september
this shit is lit!!!
love you forever von gundy
a psychosexual conundie / a-fuckin' jeff van gunsch
the only thing that would make it right is if james and nat come back in two yrs to tell us they are getting married
i think they will keep us updated
just wanted to let you know that i've been reading your fanfic over the last few days &amp; it's great!
what? really?! thank you so much! i really, really appreciate that from the bottom of my heart.
we've had tons of murders since we've had a police department. you just bought the media narrative
no i mean murders by police, they're the ones doing the murdering
just a reminder the mets are somehow in the playoff race with an incompetent manager and a scrub ass roster
don't know but this team has grinded pretty hard from aug on, forget this game, they will outlast st or sf
delta's still really boring so i'm not sure if you should bother w
ww i'll just keep it in my queue for when i run out of stuff to watch then
performance reviews are way easier when you get rid of all your team members and hire a full set of new ones at performance review time.
the american way of life? lol
last pic.... happy campers!!!
great game for you guys to see!
i must see the highlight
i'm sure you will shortly
did come to morocco ?
i will be at this year and would love that can make it
brb having a baby cc
awesome!!! wooo!
pics or it didnt happen
hold up lemme build this time machine
lol the moment i have any kind of vested interest in the mets doing well the braves immediately remember how to play baseball very barves
seriously what the hell. they are basically the worst team in baseball but sweep the mets in a critical series for us. goddamnit
happy birthday bro, wish you nothing but the best, hope all your dreams and wishes come true,always a pleasure to see you my man
thanks bro!
so much hype
watching mom work it
terry was just as miserable an in game manager last year. he's trash michael.
yes, but we have seen some far more glaring mistakes and puzzling moves this year. it isn't close.
we still gone be cool on the beer pong court right?
no , i no longer associate w you
people rt all kinds of garbage on here.
i'm sorry you feel that way. my ultimate wish is for peace and justice for all people. that's all.
and why are all my friends ripping on jay bruce? did he go 0-5 or something
no. just struck out again as a ph with 0 outs and man on base. the usual for him
bitch get in line i've been doing this for 2 years
marrying people?!?? damn
i love that i'm seeing/hearing of more community gardens/urban gardens. we grow our own everything. we live on a farm.
and i get a csa box from a local farm, and we have a garden at my school
how could you not love twitter honestly
lmao i'll never forget when odor humiliated that dumb ass spanish speaking haitian aka dominican.
a man after my own heart.
i dont want your heart. i want more cowbell
need to interview horror/suspense writer. any of my followers fit that description?
i wish! way cooler than "real estate editor."
lmfao wait survey* not surgery
when jossy tries to be nice
at this stage, is still overreaching his authority to push through an agenda-this time, death taxes.
what can he do in less than 4 months?
u should do it. i would but i can't draw
fhgh i woukd but... that's just so much......
how people with 200 followers look tweeting a bunch all at once
this has been me since 2009
how to panic unnecessarily: 1) only apply to leases in the middle of the night so that you're too anxious to sleep.
2) insist on not packing up your stuff because you might need it tomorrow before you go.
i swear if y'all really pull up to my house on friday for the release when i'm not there im swinging on all y'all you creeps!
ima get that guy who gets paid to wait in line! he's at every big sales event!! so i can just show up on and get that
not at all, it is honest ? because i simply don't understand it.
you don't understand it? try google. lots of information on it is out there.
it wasnt actually me lol, im in north carolina.
didn't really think it was you lmao
": disgusting loss."
&amp; fans who follow u say: f*** u!!
bookmarking this for the morning's commute!
awesome, let us know what ya think!
this shit unreal bruh lmao i want the nba to start today man fuck
shaun livingston more days
there was something on the road!
exactly. and ur supposed to avoid it as a driver and protect ur passengers (me)
"things have escalated once again" 's has the latest as protesters gather in charlotte
this is ridiculous , protesting with violence isn't the answer !!! idiots
convinced my best friend to listen to - i think she's got the basics down ...
henry no-chin
well this seems to be helping
and police lie about murder. what's your point?
"bill weld should leave libertarian ticket and support clinton"
i fear trump. in my lifetime, never seen so many middle class/poor fearful over a trump presidency. i'm fearful
2) insist on not packing up your stuff because you might need it tomorrow before you go.
3) boats. cars on boats.
i just came up with the worst idea for myself, obviously i am going to do it tomorrow and you'll all be able to follow along.
this was a scary day.
cool game matt moore!
jinx you owe me a coke
it feels like there isn't a line of trust and communication between the manager and his chief lieutenant
i can't substantiate that. all we know is a long time field man in geren is not by terry's side. not an excuse.
can we stop-and-frisk property developers
statistically speaking property developers are likely to be involved in questionable transactions so police should definitely check them out
another night grooving with they're so fab
thanks for the gif btw
was highkey hoping andre was just gonna strangle her &amp; get it overwith tbh
true true highkey wish hakeem would try and get laura back she was my fav
braves center fielder suck a dick ok
he needs icy hot
you're the one dressed in ranch
this is sad cz you're the 3rd person to tag me. i am ranch.
the reason clinton hasn't grown support beyond her base is because she isn't really trying.
she's got nothing but hate rhetoric and people are sick of it- deplorable doesn't work
it actually angers me to know that you are in nyc and you aren't going to eat pizza or a hot dog while being there.
it angers me you're going around poking/friending random people online now
. attends a trump rally to catch up on all the hottest conspiracy theories.
the bottom apparently is really big
it's helpful to have oss but newbies *shouldn't be made to believe it's required* to make it in industry. (cont)...
++++ as soon as an opportunity becomes a requirement, it's a barrier instead of an opportunity
because mfs still in school mf they go from pre-k to college
that's no excuse lol
boj meeting done this morning
oh another one that's weird
trump campaign paid trump's companies over $500,000 last month
as says he spends other people's money!
do you want to make beats like ? download the man's new drum kit and get to work then!...
yo this new zay beat is fire:
dont wanna fricking hear it stop defending collins u dont defend taking ur set up man out in a pennant race
look at my timeline. where have i defended collins?
yes, and in teaching our conceal carry class, 1 of the 1st things told is when a cop asks u to do something, u do i...
and that's a smart move and i'm glad you do. but bigger question is why police approached just because of the gun?
i hate my art so much i could cry
you're honestly so???? talented??? my fav otasune artist
i'm surrounded by blacks. i went to schools that were majority-black.
you'll find it's often true, a few of most racist people i know personally live in black hoods
you drive really slow...
..... unless i'm a mad woman
remember this boys
you're a bitch
prayers for sister tim and our ferrer community
yes she's not doing well sr. gail told me when i went the other day. she had a great life tho
life can only get better if we allow it to
not when college hits
and that's a smart move and i'm glad you do. but bigger question is why police approached just because of the gun?
if open carry is legal - no justification to approach right?
always i'm a soldier growing ever bolder never getting older we're taking over love you litt...
love the lyrics, i hope posts them online! this is anthem to everyone with a passion to make it happen!
what should be respected? that he doesn't want to talk about his birtherism anymore?
1) who &amp; why issue was brought about. 2)the issue was an acceptable q: 3) that dt worked 5 years to gain source material.
have you ever seen a manager try so hard to lose a game?
i was thinking he spent a lot of energy to give up those three runs and not counter with any of his own.
3) boats. cars on boats.
4) "oh i should start packing up my shi- oh yes i'll definitely to watch dr. strangelove right now, i love that movie."
a man after my own heart.
christopher walken voice for this entire thread by the way
the flashlight on the jars was a direct callback to the season one opening don't try to tell me different
peeling off wallpaper to reveal something dark beneath......another season one ref.......
that's my boy
i def thought kevin had started playing for the padres when i first read this
all good, my next partner can have your croissant then. they mad for winners anyway.
is g, i'll get my own croissants have fun w that
gorilla mindset????? wtf!!!!!
media pissed? good.. who do they think they are? only treated with respect for their profession? go trump
chumpers' shame --
beautiful in a day full of badness.
don lemon is perhaps the most hated anchor on tv, and for good reason:
sean hannity
that is the difference. predictability is very important when you have so much power on your figertip . you are right
the shift in the way the msm is portraying her ,i believe the they have seen the error in their ways.he was hard to resist
i would literally watch the show with the biggest smile oh my god
same i already watch the show but i would literally break into a smile
the bottom apparently is really big
not republicsn in name
totally agree.
. obvious to anyone w/any sense of the game happening before him, rather than someone obsessed with l/r matchups.
whats the word for when an automatic toilet flushes before ur done and you feel the little water sprinklets splish away on your scrotum?
istinja i think
what are you eating now?
uh, hello? spoilers!
wash your kids. wash them well
fuck you incest committing prick go fuck your mom asshole
as far as just straight up bad ending this has to be it
yeah t'was talking more just badness. last year game 4 world series up there as well
what's wrong with cowboy bebop
nothing if ur 14
i dead hate my school, but watch me not transfer
come to cuny i miss you
gary sanchez is a god among men in the sport of baseball at this point. if i was a writer, not even being biased, he'd get my vote for roy.
his swing is a work of art, and anyone who knows baseball can see the resemblance of stance and follow through to albert pujols
the monday they play here in philly
i'm going to be there that evening! i could always take an earlier bussssssss
go after him in the presser, zb.
not there today
the writer/director of love is strange and little men chats w/ on indie cinema, ozu &amp; more.
thanks noah. we should do better you and i than twitter one day. too damn modern this mode of communication.
you'll find it's often true, a few of most racist people i know personally live in black hoods
and like the proud slave owner tradition, even fancy sex with the race they label inferior
that's exactly what terry said. "i couldn't let addison face freddie. he's 2-4 against him"
oh my god no way. that is a basic misunderstanding of statistics.
wait is this real life?
yeah apparently there are two now bc all the 518 numbers have been used
*slides peanut buster parfait the opposite way down the counter toward you*
hooray hooray!!!!
son really opened its new season with young thug blasting on primetime abc it's the most important show out tbh
meh. let us know when they turn it up to gucci
cheating is a choice, not a mistake.
about to watch this to show smoke a blunt and eat some tequitos
i like this person's attitude. cool name too. like "dan" but kooky
do you think my dad deliberately replaced the apostrophe to make a jerk joke
i haven't had an issue with mine i just got them two weeks ago and they're no longer sore or crusty. i love them.
took mine two years to heal right and they still weren't healed completely. i liked them but the pain was crazy.
are you a mets jets nets islanders guy?
rangers giants mets knicks
i'm sorry i'll never tire of accusing garbage people of being cheapskates who hand out loose candy corn at halloween
i'm gonna up the game by having outrageously bad opinions &amp; letting kids scoop all the c-corn loosies they want into hefty bags
why are you anti-immigrant when two of your wives are immigrants!?!?
for real! what a numbnut!!!
lmao? no i don't. where is the makeup in the first pic
your eyeliner
police are installing fear in every black person, living their lives in a free country. you can't be fearful and free.
this video is part of the reason why. cover up!
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
please be careful at debate. don't put hillary down. be respectful and don't give anyone reason to put you down.
protest underway in charlotte: "things got completely out of hand" -- is on the ground w/ the latest.
this is why these fucks protest to destroy the neighborhoods they live in and make chaos, all thugs .
wait i'm sorry what is this a thing that's happening because i will cry my heart out it will be ripped out of my ch...
i mean we're hoping i would die too
here we go with: "this one time, in berlin... just kidding"...
this one time in band camp....
of power rankings: cespedes granderson de aza nimmo johnson spot start conforto lagares kelly ruggiano on the dl bobby bonilla jay bruce
my friend, there needs to be a huge gap between ces and granderson. more like ces and a bunch of random dudes.
whos going to flume and on what day?
saturday!!!
oh my god no way. that is a basic misunderstanding of statistics.
everyday i get more and more surprised alderson (seems) to be in his corner. no way they agree on this stuff.
she's just teasing us jane!
boooo booooo
hackster 2016: the hackening
"i hacked the world and all i got in return are these super euro briefs"
love how broadly is used. great story. cc
thanks, amit.
you r really cute! i watched the thing it was terrible. police not much of a choice. murder, assault, destruction of property
it is terrible. i'm not trying to take sides; i feel police and protestors each add to problem. fighting fire with fire.
have you done tests on man already?
not yet! only preclinical system available now. prep for human scanning is in progress!
newdo you need an international travel plan?
have a wonderful trip and i can't wait to read all about it!
yes you can
don't wanna argue with you. but don't pull the i ignore you card when you do it too
if you don't like what i tweet cuff me or smd
wait i rt'd before i realized it said cuff lmao
i would if i it wasn't about a year since i last played
yolo we'll both suck lets get 2 more people who suck lol
o yeah i was gonna say if the last few years have been any indication we're gonna be in shorts this halloween
i'm gonna be anyway (for my costume)
check the dm
we'll def come by to see the show.
.: "we have to recognize that too many black men are being killed in questionable circumstances in co...
asshole, too many blacks have guns and weapons, don't obey police orders.
follow our z actors!
already do
the manager has to be accountable for the personnel moves during a game, some very questionable decisions!
no question. i'm just saying, so many glaring mistakes have taken place. his bench coach is there to help
im trying to save it and send it to you but its not working
screen shot !
autonomous cars will radically change transit over next decade, so a trillion $ bill to rebuild 20th century infrastructure now seems crazy.
autonomous cars still take up a lot of space. in city centers, still need to invest in modernizing and expanding transit.
had to reschedule at nycc to fit in his netflix schedule. nycc posted about it.
yeah sorry i just read it now thanks! i'mma huge fan
"pride cometh before the fall"
and is showing too much pride here. he needs to ask for help. will he?
history has shown me its been the elite vs the rest of us. divide and conquer has worked on you it seems.
i worked over 40 yrs paid my taxes earned my social security n those gop bitches call it an entitlement
holy shit this guy is bad rt : this is humiliating
lmao his fake ass laugh
the msm only shed light on unarmed black victims, when the same thing happens to whites
but they occur more frequently w/ blacks (and latinos)-for more routine stops.
you're my hero
yas queen thank you
bivocational if they're lucky! oniony thanks for great work, though! is legit.
that was supposed to be
i know by getting a flat rate you are giving up a high ceiling, but that offer is similar to us getting on ab and danny for turning down pac
that's just a power move by oscar to me.
the trump response says there was no "intent or motive" for improper payments; it does not deny them, or detail any...
sounds like the melania speech saga
pretty much all his data has been corroborated by other researchers. quite scientific.
yes and no. he's like a racist's chomsky, brilliant but virulently incorrect and criticized in other ways
asked legitimately. only saw after familia was in the eighth. mets really miss flores. terry's fault he didn't pr for him
another of several bad moves this month
i love you guys and i love hp for this beautiful friendship!!! miss y'all and can't wait for y'all to come!!!
ugh 1 more month i actually can't wait
today i mountain biked in 31f degree weather with hail at 11,000 feet to pouring rain. now i am inside making histograms. no complaints.
the good life
key to eating seaweed snax @ the airport: fold up &amp; shove it in ur mouth real quick b4 anyone notices ur eating seaweed snax @ the airport.
(hypothetically)
you know i am...
me too, but not as much as her.
awesome! and i will definitely be in the audience!
you should also come to my cmake talk :-).
video: joe scarborough to clinton campaign manager: 'why are you here?'
this made my night
79-year-old vanessa redgrave is the new face of gucci: via
two thumbs up and a sexy twist to gucci. fabulous, classy, elegant choice. it would be nice if more design houses followed suit.
more than $30 billion in new taxes on ca ballot. it's never enough.
. the highest standard of living don't come cheap
reminded every day in small &amp; big ways how lucky i am!
indeed, my friend.
tech suit season is about to be upon us
tech suit season is here my brothers. rejoice.
it happened so quickly, and to the person you would last expect it to. i am still in total shock. fuck cancer.
i'm so, so sorry. thinking about you and sending love to your family.
sour shoes is awesome, but i feel you should choose bigfoot over hanzi. bigfoot is so incredible.
good point. "aminal it is" the mailman, his girlfriend, "uuui!! uuui!!" while i ponder, vase glue?
if you happen to come by our wicked lady tomorrow night after 8 p.m. you'll get to hear me spill the guts of my records collection out.
i'm gonna cry playing sam cooke live at harlem square is what i'm saying.
it was the bizarre move of the night. reed has been money. no answer for you.
yeah, that's it. i almost drove my car off the road when i heard that.
in the last week i've seen several teens wearing a smash shirt. offspring is the new led zeppelin
lawl, fuck it. smash is good! i mean, it's super fucking bad and stupid, but i love it
you're hot as fuck tbh
you're still and will forever be one of my favorite people alive tbh
i voted for applause bc i do indeed live for the applause ://// being a gay is just a fun perk
i'll accept it.
yo now that your clothing line is blowing up, i think it's time for that czwfans/vrtlpros crewneck for the fall.
. my 2 quik ideas are white crewneck w/ black old english that says "how does noelle foleys ass taste" or "no flips just slow claps"
did this happen or is it a great joke? either way, i am entertained
it's from bojack horseman haha
gary apple just called loney one of the best 1b in baseball. i seriously don't know how this started.
because he used to be good back in 2006 when he was a dodger
obama called for 'global political and economic integration'. this is a recipe for disaster.
who are you again?
he talking to you emmalee
he know how i get
what the hell good are these things if cops can do whatever they want with bodycams?
if they had a cam, why not just put it out to the public? makes things more suspicious.
never thought i'd say this but i'm actually missing studying computer science. mgmt really doesn't require the kind of intensity cs does.
come to a.k.a magnet, where awesomeness lives.
empire is crack but not in a good way. like y'all applauding a show that is based around corruption of people in power.
shut up they crack good as hell i sniff it up every wednesday
hey at least he's moving up in the world he's in the crosswords
so let's see what honors are bestowed upon joe and murr !!
dear god, please keep evil away from me ...watch people who hate on me..those who out to harm me give me signs i ask that you warn me god
i got your back hendo
.: "we have to recognize that too many black men are being killed in questionable circumstances in co...
but never recognize that too many black men get into pointless violent confrontations with everyone, especially cops
starting stranger things rn
bitch get on that
i'm seriously so excited to see my family this weekend
mine left two hours ago and i'm like no wait
because you do it to me, how does it feel?
im not petty, so if you wanna ignore me it's cool but don't use me asking you what's wrong and twist it to i don't care bout ya
ahs reminds me that not only are white people crazy, but black people as well. bc y the fuck ru still in the house.
lmfao right
(5) ... when i couldn't find license, the cop asked me to step back to his car and look where the light was better... nervously i did...
at least you were asked!
where are my unattractive homies at
we tryna get beauty sleep
i just saw ... how the game ended... heartbreak...
mets and yankees fan have felt heartbreak in the same week , hanley broke every yankees fan heart
i think this selfie sums up the aesthetic i strive for. dignified, yet a goof.
very 'mystic merlin's shop of wonders' chic
wtf is this?!? lmfao
lmaoo bro idk. i went to my fam crib in the bx and was lost
my ignorance? 50% of those shot/killed by police in 2015 were white. 26% were black.
yes, you demonstrate ignorance. shameful ignorance. learn statistics please.
nothing, looks different.
wrong answer rafat. "the significance is the s as metaphor for the road to innovation and how skift shortens it
needless to say, . 'west wing' cast members to campaign for hillary clinton in ohio via
nice file photo they used. i for one will be very impressed to see john spencer on the campaign trail!
terry collins explains replacing addison reed with josh smoker in the eighth, when the...
time to stop sucking up to collins &amp; acknowledge what a detriment his in-game managing is to the ' success.
finally, it's here!
oh just reading about you in my this week!
ur orig tweet only mentions tear gas on citizens... like its genocide or something.
yeah, because i was out of characters lol. i found it 'unreal' tht yet another situation was out of control in us
i'm not suicidal, i just don't want to be alive anymore. i want to fall asleep &amp; never wake up. i hate my life &amp; myself so much.
noo...i jus had a failed suicide attempt..ran and took the knife but my sis took it away
what the hell is going on with these nurses?
wth is going on in general? don't move into abandoned houses in the forest!!
sitting in a corporate finance lecture and getting bored because it's just so much theory and nothing to exercise the fucking brain.
come to a.k.a magnet
terry collins is the absolute worst
worse than ?
. on obama admin. response to race issues: "their rhetoric &amp; their approach have made these things wor...
deplorable!
i was rfk's speechwriter. now i'm voting for trump. here's why. - politico magazine -
best substantive knock on current parties. i would've voted for rand. but can't go for trump
conway *i was against trump before he paid me....* (probs)
hey conway! you mean folks you called "skeezy" before you trumped??
1 thing that is good about the bay is the music scene. but i will say it's not nyc. 2 slow but that's just me. bonus: foodie city
also, why do you wanna leave nyc??
richard sherman did not take questions today. instead made this statement:
rumor has it your trending in philadelphia
i think most cops are good guys, i dont think all white cops are racist. but there are some fucking monsters out there going wild.
i'm getting hate tweets over all this. i shouldn't be surprised - but people really need to focu right now.
i would just like to say that this has been the best 2 months of my life.
i am so proud of this, i would like to thank all of the people that supported us throughout this wonderful journey
looking forward to "age of longevity" panel tonight organized by ! with insightful speakers including
good to see you again tonight
how many more ways does james loney's defensive prowess have to be put for the narrative to die?
the narrative is from the beginning of his career so it doesn't even matter at this point. people think he is and that's that.
no but you should take a break from hulu and hang out with me irl.
i'll consider it
the msm only shed light on unarmed black victims, when the same thing happens to whites
here's what blm came up with. most require cities/counties/states to pass via law:
guess the play
a little ave.q
hi - i'm a repoter with the guardian. if you're somewhere safe, would love to speak with you.
i'm not in charlotte. i want to push press to speak to eyewitness clergy in charlotte on the ground &amp; amplify their voice
come to queens. we got real cubans here.
i practically live in queens these days.
not a thing. i'm a recluse.
hmmm very similar to me..like an introvert..its all good we the more intriguing ppl to be around
interesting lol
yeah, it made me chuckle and my hands stink. smelled a lot like college.
it does appear to be related to outbound throughout through our nat boxes right now.
interesting. our issue fixed itself after filing three tickets with support w/no response. life amirite?
'i'm just trying to copy (andruw jones)." -- on game-ending catch as swept mets.
that's right playoff atmosphere enjoy now, you ain't got no stinkin playoffs !!!
sitting in a corporate finance lecture and getting bored because it's just so much theory and nothing to exercise the fucking brain.
come to a.k.a magnet, where awesomeness lives.
please enlighten me with the facts supporting your tweets.
already done. next time read and understand stats before posting old gop debunked talking points
which one? the newest one? if so yes, if you like superhero movies
civil war! and yes!
my bff is a fan of the and they play my team
and both are pa, and my uncle is a steelers fan
guaranteed bruce starts tomorrow
phillies starting a lefty.
will you share the link with the rest of the class please?
it's in my bio, where it's always been :p
marion cotillard just denied her involvement in brad pitt's split with angelina jolie in a big way...
you know that the rumors are going start flying about if brad is the baby's father.
why does nicole keep acting like she did so much this season lmfaooooo bitch
this confused me for 21 seconds
lmfao of course assuming pops is single.
abeg still mind your business
are there guidelines for what to wear on stage/camera? i feel like google is trying to pull one over on me....
is no black or white on camera really a thing?
once again, forcing themselves into women's spaces. in canada, a man claiming to be trans entered one.
terrorized and raped several female residents a that dv shelter.
her left booty cheek collided with my pelvis and i went like this:
your dick broke off????????
yes, while open carry myself, i have been stopped several times. some 1 complains, police stop and ask u to leave,...
totally understand. but no complaint against this individual right? my only point here is nra should defend his right no?
is a real life xoxo story watch
aye goodlooks homie
lmfaooooooo why did you just drag it like that?
lol not even dragging it though
true, but i'm not being specific xd.
back to that now, can't make it up lol
obviously you don't know what sale means... but we still shouldn't be doing it
our president doesn't know what ransom means, he 4sure doesn't know what sale means!
please come home
dress in a chic style
they couldn't say whether he was a junior high or high school student.
whaaaaaat??? i don't buy that. they can't identify the boy but the can answer those basic questions.
go to unco they have pet friendly dorms
that's my dream omg
we just ordered a bottle of wine from door dash. new low or new high?
this makes me so happy
but the spanish language doesn't work that way. no bones to pick. this is an thing. give it a rest.
yeah. it's just interesting to me that it descends from a language with a neuter gender but lost it somewhere.
is it gone? oh, it's gone
it's gone and so is this season.
wish i were in nyc, too!
hmmmm... (seriously, though, wish you were here. skype knitting sessions soon, yes?)
when that one weird kid that never talks in class gets pissed off
man, i love kanye ": when that one weird kid that never talks in class gets pissed off
let's chat, ask me somethin or tell me somethin
i met a cool girl at concert and we bonded over our hippy tats, miss u mod see u soon
the monday they play here in philly
i mean, we could always just show up and try our luck if need be. right?
you guys are really slow on the draw. again-i'm saying he's cultivated an atmosphere that has fostered a lot of rac...
sad that core issues will never b resolved when neither side will acknowledge their roles.
in fact, both matches went similarly. leftie wins 1st 2, rightie comes back with 2, leftie wins 5th.
i know the only difference was i was rooting for the right handed player in 80, and left handed,in 08
haha i'm not either so don't worry
stupid blue check mark.
how come nobody told me about milo ventimiglia lookin like this
i am distressed by his lack of body hair, and not only because it felt totally period inappropriate.
nike's new shoe magically adapts to your foot
3 mins of this video was patting itself on the back
y'all knew the cane was gon' be messed up..
oh yes, but i didn't know it was that expensive of a mistake!
the militarization of police isn't required. community policing &amp; engagement is! fear reduction is mandatory. black...
they dont have to shoot to kill. that's irresponsible.
louis gave his mom a gift for me before he left and said "when she has a few rough days in a row give this to her."jesus i love that boy
it was the cutest necklace saying "i love you more"
mam i'm bool balm bollective
the world doesnt revolve around jordanis
i normally don't like to be negative, but i've met some pretty disrespectful people. don't let anybody disrespect you. or i'll come for em
yeah there is no reason to be an asshole to anyone you don't know. are you feeling the plastic la sting?
will add ucsf is better place to give than many institutions that already have plenty
spoken like a true disciple!
i live in nj. he is at 23% approval rating . i wonder why.
is a fat mouth. he talked horribly about hrc today. very verbally abusive.
keep grindin' ur almost there
you're perfect for since tweet about the same things.
told you to hit him up lol
shit got me lit till i fly out
paulie says it was a hard decision, but his vote goes to hg who played the "best game all around." paul says, "than...
lol!!! go paul
my ex moved to atlanta and become a popular twitter gay
well are you gonna expose him
in the last 48 hours, you've been on two continents. here's where i've been: the gym.
no! i'm in nyc! you should come here, right now.
the real problem is that companies like google put features that they think most people will want ahead of privacy.
. yes, and google also have reasons to want to scan unencrypted messages to perform ad behavioral analysis tech.
wrong twin shannon
actually me and chrissy are on a break
i think i'm missing it. i don't see any mention of using for a recruiting agency. lacks
hi brian! do you have any agency recruiters in your gh account now? happy to help you walk through this
amen! both played totally different games very well!
i have the beatles in my head as each voter goes "love, love, love!" to the jurors
lucky just tear gas. should be appalled at the rioting and looting.
we have terrorist threats, yet we're busy inspiring peaceful* protests to become riots? we need to get our together.
a3: but i am reading a wonderful book on this topic hint hint teachers: "the brief and wondrous life of oscar wao" by junot daz
amazing book. the best book i've read this year so far. although i didn't like this is how you lose her as much as oscar wao.
umm... k? not sure where this came from. lol
do you think in the second half of the season will be reunited?
all i've been watchin is doin research
o thanks .. what you researching ???
would you like a spoon and napkin too, t?
nope, not that dumb......
wait you're dominican aren't you?
i'm arab
in fact, both matches went similarly. leftie wins 1st 2, rightie comes back with 2, leftie wins 5th.
plus federer came within 2 points of winning in 2008.
these accounts r so dumb recycling captions...bitch it's the 3rd week of the semester. y'all stupid.
that's why i only follow the funniest accounts
i just don't understand lmfao i'd sleep in my car before sleeping in that house again
for real lmfao i didn't even watch tonight's yet but i would've been out last week
i don't think you understand what feminism is.
1/2 i do. i've seen too many white "young ladies" discriminate and harass young minority women and when they are discriminated...
5x more excited for the post-debate "keepin it 1600" than the debate itself. which im pretty sure makes me part of the prob w this election.
same. and same.
i love portland and can't wait to return. when does it start to get *really* cold there?
i'm guessing probably november-december &amp; january..nothing like the beauty of the pacific nw..
dangerous electronic world!
watch those polls carefully
just when you thought things could not get worse.
a sinking feeling abt wh visit to charlotte hope ur friend is wrong re martial rule
giants have an early lead and my friend 's book on the breaking of football's color line is out. so...
thanks for the shout out &amp; effing dodgers
could be worse.. they could be plotting
she is!!! "this white bitch bout to catch these hands"
got some new brush pens ... in color??
this is gorgeous!
pretty much all his data has been corroborated by other researchers. quite scientific.
the worst, equatorial guineas, was taken from a developmentally challenged facility in spain supposedly lol
hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured, get well soon. we need unity &amp; leadership.
how many white people have been killed today by police for cause vs. black people in the usa?
lord paulie just put the key in lol
straight up!
i was 12 when that came out. it was the coolest album in the world to me at the time.
yeah, sounds about right. my guess is...we're basically the same age
like, you see yourself as if you're someone else, like watching a movie instead of experiencing it from your own direct perspective...
multiple times! it's weird
have you sent us an email so we can help? omnifocus.com
yep, and just sent another.
: sorry you're stuck with me.
any credibility you had is gone
the problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts while the stupid ones are full of confidence.
oh my goodness, this is sooooooooooooooooooo true!
i personally do not comprehend the whole "racism" problem in america. like why must you hate a person because of their skin color n culture?
- it is mind boggling &amp; has bn the norm since slavery, thus is cause of thousands of lynchings of black ppl n this nation!!
i live in nj. he is at 23% approval rating . i wonder why.
is horrible. i'm in nj too. yeah, he knew all about the bridge stuff....
i like how the url is "9-bedroom-mission-dolores-san-francisco-ca" but its only 3br
it's 9. the 3br is another listing.
willie harris on delgado x10000
i was at that goddamn game too. sigh.
please tell me why tc took reed out of the game. please.
tc should have left reed in. don't understand his moves at times.
do you think my dad deliberately replaced the apostrophe to make a jerk joke
jk he just reckless with that t9
i hate callous edgelordery passing for insight. so. much.
i think there's a time when its level of condescending self-assured faux-cleverness is appealing, it's just a shitty time
and you're an idiot
cuck cuck! cuuck!
when did i ever say that? don't put words in my mouth
it seems like you're just trying to show me how it feels to be ignored. i know how it feels.
i can always tell moll is excited when she can't spell anything right
that, and i always use caps
amazing book. the best book i've read this year so far. although i didn't like this is how you lose her as much as oscar wao.
very curious now what your dominican friend's argument was against the book!
cause she's cuddling with tara, i know i saw
tara the homewrecker
y'all knew the cane was gon' be messed up..
interesting u tweet about shows while black people r dying in charlotte. might b outta touch in that 21-room montecito estate
if you're rationalizing the criminal destruction &amp; looting of property, and violence, you're not a part of the solution.
it's all about the property, isn't it? who do you work for, the charlotte chamber of commerce?
no do you really think i'm upset about that
idk are you
nah ion know bout that lol
what's the problem ? lol i can't come ?
but if you my partner then it's more croissants and more w's
i don't take no l's tho . sooo
wake up ! rising floodwaters. up to 1.5 million people displaced by deforestation-related floods each year
neat. any reason you did use podes as well, or at least check against it?
i swear if i see one more headline about brad pitt's "struggle with weed." there's no such thing as a "struggle with weed"
i couldn't believe what i was reading, they are trying to drag brad with this weak ass bullshit
is "learnt" a canadian thing or a typo?
common in canadian and uk english. learnt, dreamt, etc. learned and dreamed are acceptable in can/uk but more rarely used.
one of my favorite girls i ever met so far in my almost 18 years of life is jasmine if u see this ur cute
she's great
i dont see how bitches can do this
i know a lot of them bitches now they think it's cute &amp; cool
this is wrong, and we need to do something!
today, i became a fan of yours.
this bubble bath mad relaxing
bruh where is legend ?
your location says queens so i believe you
see idk if this is racist or not
1/2 i do. i've seen too many white "young ladies" discriminate and harass young minority women and when they are discriminated...
2/2 against in employment or elsewhere they rap themselves in the banner of feminism and talk unity among women.
cities becoming the natural outcome of car domination... "machine space"
tangential, but the latest c. miville collection has a nice riff on this (w/ oil rigs vs cars)
i ignored you once stop trying to act like i always do it
omg i'm not saying that nick
lol $18k/mo rental. only need $40k in cash to move in.
also like that the house appears tiny
. happy to be at demo day. find more updates on
hope it was a good demo day.
they are definitely dry. just give the rest out on halloween
that'd be evil
nicole gives her final speech(but nervous but she had to follow paul)
the jury faces are similar to when gm gave her tragic speech...lol!!
the best part of watching ahs is having live tweet the show like anyone cares what he thinks
i don't care what i think
thx for sharing really enjoyed it!
thank you for listening!!
pro whites? gawd. don't you have a kitten to torture. or a klan rally to get to. oh wait you can do that with trump...
mara you are taking on people who are lost causes. anyone pro white i just block. saves a little sanity. lol
retweeted benedict beer blog (): i love you even if you say "nuculer" instead of "nuclear"....
thanks for retweeting! let me know what you think about the blog!
let's chat, ask me somethin or tell me somethin
hey i think ur perfect and u make me wanna be positive all the time. keep doing u my hip
just one question though... where's evan peters at?
shut the hell ur mouth
possibility of joining in via livestream for folks that can't travel? we'd love to chat about that!
so you want to live stream an unconference?
there are too many fucking commercial breaks
my face is so red and hot i'm freaking out
he's had like 3 and i'm pretty sure one killed him with a std
i remember them, i'm just surprised he had another one this season.
9-yr-old daughter at dinner: "raise your hand if you like star trek more than star wars." she raises her hand like this:. \_()_/
she's clearly a member of the rebel alliance and a traitor.
guess allo should not be used then, period !
. the reason i haven't uninstalled allo is i want to play with the ai chat bot it comes with. also stored unencrypted...
yes sir? rt :
oops. i forgot to put it in the tweet.
i don't have any on moron it's literally old mascara that didn't come off when i washed my makeup off
exactly, thanks for proving my point sistren
need some good in-ear headphones. do those exist? (also see: i don't want to spend an assload)
etymotics hf5s are about $100 and phenomenal
oh got it , it's was a nice gesture though lol . thanks for helping out the fam
lmao i ain't shorty taking care of me but ain't nobody gonna be wifey
point taken, but only if it is found he did not threaten as reported.
that's fair. a lot of unanswered questions for sure. hope everyone stays safe tonight.
ur orig tweet only mentions tear gas on citizens... like its genocide or something.
haha, i didn't mean it like that. not genocide status. i'm just taken aback that we let rallies escalate to riots.
nope lol you dont leave home remember
tomorrow will be the day
please do this for your wedding....
oh my god yes. you can count on it
think will come out and say that the guy who shot the other guy while both guys were protesting "acted stupidly?"
follows you? can't imagine why.
fire in street in from of hyatt house in uptown . watch live:
this madness has got to stop. no one should die but more violence is not the answer.
. great let's celebrate by parking in the dolores median or for free on sunday or in those precious spots on polk. come on andy
fair enough, but i doubt supervisor appointees would be any stronger on resisting (see mission red carpet etc)
i might be taking on a role at a coworking space here (if things work out). i also ran for a year.
wow, which location? we can't keep our eyes off this picture of the beach in costa rica
james will vote nic bc he wants some of her winnings in the deal they made.
yup! that 10k showmance deal
really hope to see you perform my friend, huge fan of your music.
thanks sam!so cool of you!!
solo series and likely to appear in defenders. good time to be a fan!
dude lol you don't even know! and someone is speculating that he might appear in this season's agents of shield
they are putting a panda express in buellton. say your goodbyes soon cuz im gunna kill myself via orange chicken.
this is the best news ive heard all day
yeah that's what i was going to try to do bc i don't think i'm gonna make it to nyc so i definitely wanna see them then too
want a partner?
oh yeah and does oakland still have raiders? lol
whatever happens a fan i shall remain i prefer oakland but my preference doesn't mean shit to those who make the decisions
damn so it was probably summer 13 damn it's been a minute when he come home?
idek he told me a while back but he ain't call me in mad long so i don't have any updates
what happened to "this may take a while."?
took me about 30 minutes, this was the update i was talking about
honestly i wish i could explain anything the braves have done in the last two years
it's the ghost of that asshole chipper jones
ugh, i'll have to show you again.
you're too good at it
spell check. i know my there they're &amp; their differences thanks. is spelling the real issue here or the distraction?
am i distracting?
when you realize you have no friends
linus is such a g
when your 8year old son asks to listen to nintendo by i'm so proud
yes love it so much!
chromium-6 has been found in local water.
amazing interactive map interesting n concerning
yoenis cespedes discusses getting robbed on the game-ending play by center fielder ender...
i don't want excuses i want results. he should've hit it harder. maybe if his arms weren't tired from golf he gets s hr
. the reason i haven't uninstalled allo is i want to play with the ai chat bot it comes with. also stored unencrypted...
. ...technically, google actually stores user data encrypted at rest, with a lot of logging of who's accessing the keys.
i probably don't want your dick pics and if you just say "hey" i will probably not respond but if you need a sounding board i'm around
"probably" made me laugh a little
1. racists get zero respect. 2. um, no. he was born in hawaii. get over it. 3. and he came up with what?
1)the issue is racist, how so? 2) where did internal memos that q:'ed place of birth come from. 3)dt forced documentation
pro whites? gawd. don't you have a kitten to torture. or a klan rally to get to. oh wait you can do that with trump...
plus, they just aren't intelligent enough to understand points made anyway so, yeah, i block.
the worst, equatorial guineas, was taken from a developmentally challenged facility in spain supposedly lol
another study found a much higher cohort effect in kenya.
you don't even know topo chico. sad!
the etc. covers any and all other brands. if it's carbonated and it's water, we'll put it on tap!
hey any you could make an appearance with at radio city after on 10/3!?!
there's beef there. it won't haooen
in a nutshell she feels that diaz consistently presents the barrio (and all its negativity) as the only option/story
and that dominican men are persistently cheaters is problematic for me
9 months ago, jhapiyan and pappiyan between sharif and pm . hope we've learnt our lesson now.
cheap language from a hedious and ethically bankrupt journalist, who can stoop lower than rg iq.
in russia, establishment parties swept parliament largely because the media ignores or marginalizes opposition parties. sound familiar?
not remotely equivalent. russia jails or expels the opposition. that statement is an insult to liberty...
if you like it so much, why don't you marry it?
what they left out is that most of us don't think about canada at all. no feelings, pos or neg.
getting back to work after a vacation in nashville. only realizing now how detached from the day in &amp; out i became. lovely and all too rare.
what did you think of nashville?
lol hell nah
see y'all tomorrow
montreal! us teens cross the border for lower drinking age and convenient, attractive workspaces? huge crossover potential
the logic here is undeniable... montreal it is!
absolutely! (wait, has the talk schedule been posted already?)
no, but they have started notifying people who submitted talks.
i'd hate to be a met fan
it's not the greatest lmao
i'm optimistic at the most emotionally inconvenient times
was watching the ball go towards the wall and was just like there's no way this could happen. and it didn't
also like that the house appears tiny
it's 3600 sqft that's like texas mcmansion status.
pretty sure no one asked
it's a fact
getting back to me! happy kickboxing day!
i'm glad you were sat down when i shouted boom ;)
5 more minutes- freaking
and another 5 minutes
my first comic-con! should i go full goth?&amp;$!
go , have fun and be your amazing self - much love
the worst, equatorial guineas, was taken from a developmentally challenged facility in spain supposedly lol
back to peer review, kamin reviewed and found 1/n
false history puts anything on the table, but the last thing rebirth needs is a more layered meta-continuity!
he's actually the superman from superman, the musical
i haven't felt well all day. sinus', slight sore/hot throat, no energy, general feel bad.
aaw, and you need a shave !! but seriously, feel better soon !!!
. ...technically, google actually stores user data encrypted at rest, with a lot of logging of who's accessing the keys.
. so if somebody broke in and stole or images some data center hard drives or backup tapes, they wouldn't see user data.
*grins in a field of spring flowers*
meanwhile in reverse land lol
maybe sooner- next time i'm in the city we're getting drinks* haven't been to sf bars yet
sf bars are fun! let me know next time you're in the city!
kicking me
whisper in his ear tell him to come out
no comment lmfao
exactly ...
hahahaha love it
all four major clubs are out, three of them today
romney won 62% of white voters with high school or less. trump is doing worse.
but your still going to vote for this idiot
how does that fucking ball stay in his fucking glove??? how do i keep watching this team??? when does it end??
this puts a smile on my face, thanks pal
.: "we have to recognize that too many black men are being killed in questionable circumstances in co...
might be helpful to recognize that too many black men are being killed by other black men. do you care about that?
how do we feel about me watching beauty and the beast on the plane tomorrow &amp; crying even though i literally was at a screening of it sunday
no y'all are right i should watch little mermaid on the plane tomorrow and cry
looking for a lightweight email/writing/yt uploading machine. deec battery life. biggest lift would probably be photoshop.
you can't go wrong with macbook products. i hear the air is pretty light weight
back to peer review, kamin reviewed and found 1/n
2/n "lynn's distortions and misrepresentations of the data constitute a truly venomous racism,
deadass when that shit looks crazy i would never
jus sit there &amp; say what they both did with him
brickhaus grays papaya any knicks game ithaca max fish curbside trash bag pile
i-town represent. glad we made the list... ithaca is gouges
destroying evidence w/ hammers is honest. sorry your candidate choked the election away in 4 weeks :-/
that's why she's winning right? lol and sorry man, your candidate lost when he opened his mouth.
hate when people open me on snapchat
then just send a pic of your dick back my guy
my boyfriend sends me this over instagram, i've never laughed so hard cause it's so accurate
bf butch text me
key to eating seaweed snax @ the airport: fold up &amp; shove it in ur mouth real quick b4 anyone notices ur eating seaweed snax @ the airport.
i miss you already. may just break into your apartment (with my key).
ok tweeps: it's prime twitterer's question time: if you could what would it be? pls answer in the hashtag!
who are your domestic and foreign business partners
when u said somethin that was funny and no one heard so u say it again and they ask why u said the same thing twice
literally you
and so she gets frustrated that diaz is consistently "dom-amer" voice when she feels his view of own comm is narrow
i agreed it was one narrow view but then i thought, it's one story. now we need more stories to humanize folk
destroying evidence w/ hammers is honest. sorry your candidate choked the election away in 4 weeks :-/
now, back to your klan rally, doofus.
it's 3600 sqft that's like texas mcmansion status.
my 2br is 1250, just can't imagine turning my 2br into a 3br
. so if somebody broke in and stole or images some data center hard drives or backup tapes, they wouldn't see user data.
. but since law enforcement can come at any time &amp; ask google to decrypt that data, it's as private as unencrypted data.
my confidence went up a little and i did a set today, you'll see it soon, i hope you like it...
hi, my name is karl, i hope you like this photo set of myself b/c i do, now back to nursing and photography, weird...
best way to think of it is that all 3 teams are 0-0 with 10 to play, correct?
not exactly. but i get your point.
where i come from, rain is a good thing. thank you williamsburg, va for coming together in the storm to rally aroun...
all the way!
really makes ya think.
no unfortunately it is exactly why i think....
how can anyone tell no data omitted?! how u can?
because hooker used the exact same dataset as destefano 2004
why not roy? best war of any rookie in al. record breaking start.
i heard someone say this week it's rookie of the year...not rookie of the last 2 months. few have arguments for entire season.
ugh ever since updating my phone just lights up randomly and then goes back to sleep and it's k i l l i n g my battery
might that be the raise to wake feature?
back to peer review, kamin reviewed and found 1/n
3/n combined with scandalous disregard for scientific objectivity.
nah i just heard a lot of y'allstay out there
see nah that part was racist i just know it smh damn ricans
my 2br is 1250, just can't imagine turning my 2br into a 3br
at least not without shaving off like 40% of cost
i just threw up in my mouth a little
i just threw up a lot.
omg. my twitter account is verified. does that mean i've finally made it???
wait how does that happen? i covet that little check mark.
when will they learn?
right!? but they've already had sex so whaddaya gonna do!
jerick mckinnon &gt; peterson tevin coleman &gt; devonta freeman charles sims &gt; doug martin chris thompson &gt; matt jones
sims is about to take the starting gig and run with it.
my thoughts always get the best of me. i probably should take it day by day but i always end up thinking about the future.
you have to open your third eye and trust what decision you make is the right one. yourself before the decision.always.
very odd that or or aren't trending considering it's all i see in my feed
one hour later and still nothing at all on the popular tags on -- what the hell is wrong with you people?
food 4 thought
instead of falling in love i wanna ride in love, yaaa
you can't be stupid enough to believe what you just said. or maybe you can.
are you too stupid to a: why the statement holds no validity? ask away. don't be fearful to think.
new report finds obamacare premiums are not out of line via
are you aware some must pay up to 33% of income for health insurance instead of 2-9%! see
back to peer review, kamin reviewed and found 1/n
4/n lynn is widely known among academics to be an associate editor of the racist journal "mankind quarterly
it's better to be safe with not wearing black or white don't want to blend in (black) or mess up the video white balance
ah! i own almost no color
can help deliver the youth vote for hillary clinton?
yes he can!
nightmare before xmas?
yes! remind me who did that?
. in ?!?! this is excellent
nic is she the actress from the show where the character had cancer?
can i ask if it's true to size? not sure if i got right size. thanks.
yes, they fit true to size
bruh what kind of emoji is that??
no idea lol it comes up when u hashtag empire lol
interesting exercise. top 5 reasons to buy iphone 7. mine: 1. cameras 2. battery life 3. black/jet black 4. waterproof 5. wide color gamut
1. speed/bc it's new (my 6 has gotten way slower, even w plenty of storage) 2. camera 3. waterproof 4. jet black 5. battery
. lee hsu seems better than the vacant seat the mayor let sit for a year+, but why's he qualified to run a billion $ agency?
i'm still invested in the core sfmta premise of de-politicizing transit and streets, much more to do but so far hsu seems solid
*squirts whipped cream on top with sprinkles* here you are!
jeez! dang it mare! (how's that?)
the more the better. makes it cheaper.
i didn't see any on airbnb, except one that was over 800$
a horde of neo-nazis, klansmen, and other extremist leaders have endorsed trump-and he's not disavowing any of them...
rt if you auld enough to remember when was the epitome of , &amp; not just another site!
got watchos 3.0 installed. immediately demands i install 3.1. yeah, no, wasted enough of my time today.
its fine. it's about as useful while installing updates as it is on your wrist.
once again, if you're going to lose, lose with the best possible soldiers battling. did not do that tonight. it was a mistake imo.
we've lost too many games this season to in game managing mistakes. inexcusable.
there're so many shows i want to get into and mr. robot is one of them.
it looks good af but i always forget about it.
sometimes, a birthday celebrates more than the day you were born. kisses chocolates makes the celebration sweeter!
they taste even better when they are slavery-free. please go for the sake of god's children.
i know that's right officer richie! tell erin she's a fucking hypocrite and a liar.
little benson fucking up on the job again?
i had no idea expecting a citizen to follow orders given by law enforcement was racist.
fuck off. i'll give you a second to read this then you're blocked too.
back to peer review, kamin reviewed and found 1/n
/n and a major recipient of financial support from the nativist, eugenically oriented pioneer fund."
how filled up is that jar?
that looks kind of full
icymi: ender inciarte's game-ending catch to rob yoenis cespedes of a walk-off, three-run homer.
grrrrrrrrrf i still believe don't let me down this season.... and go
your the one who decided to bring it up on twitter
i only brought it up bc i knew you wanted to say something
i'm having a
yeah i've been busy myself lol. they get noisier when hillary does better in polls lol
congrats on winning twitter's first ads api challenge, !
congrats itai!
food 4 thought
instead of falling in love i wanna rise in love, yaa
turns out a spot in the ipod settings has the owner's name. thus likely ends the brief period of my life where i owned an apple product.
would you like to own one? i have drawers full of vintage apple gadgets that may meet your fancy. i just can't throw em out.
sad. i have literally never received a single penny from one fundraiser for one family. you are promoting white...
inconclusive &amp; shaun if true we know why u wouldn't answer my bis questions2 wtf?the bank owners shaun 6mostweets
hatred, racism, division, demonizing minorities, bleak view of usa n now, war! stop scaring ppl!!
.&amp; stop murdering unarmed blk males making$ locking them up/prison lndustrial complex
but how do you know
im screeching
not to mention lefites batting .381 vs smoker...terry is a total moron and his stupidity is coming out in spades last 2-3 wks
and smoker is a rookie. it's just a bad play.
yup exactly. which i hear. but goddamn i love his writing. i struggle.
i mean, if (if) i ever wrote a book i'd be bout my chinatown roots in les- someone wud say i'm not repping right
you're thirsty kissing ass is going to make everyone around you dislike you.
woah, who, what
just make your shot man, simple solution
he's right, you don't need me anymore
a fiend of mind stated that empathy for your fellow human, and not happiness, is the ultimate goal in life
since most people view happiness from a hedonistic perspective, it's an interesting conjecture
ya i saw this earlier. didn't say better resolution makes a better player? didn't say they saw a diff in cod
yep when it was 720p lol pre patch
question: why are there no frozen yogurt delivery services? i want some, but not enough to drive anywhere.
or fresh baked cookies
aint nothin funny
the accuracy is
why he pinch hit for loney with the bases loaded with a guy hitting .187?
lefty righty matchup.
terry collins too?
couldnt hurt!!
for the first time in history, nycfc may clinch a play-off spot on friday. for numerous reasons, i'll be there. how about you?
hope u finally play.
this loss feels a thousand times worse than the world series loss last year and i know that's not entirely rational.
because the royals aren't losing on purpose and starting a guy with a 7 era
this is a joke obv the title and the immense marketing already told you what happens.
ugh how anti-climactic
he bumping lol dead ass i got the speaker on my stomach . ain't no sleep bihhh
that's why he not leaving
anyone want this in the usa?? hillary wants to make us defenseless &amp; allow refugees to recreate in america...
- no way - this bullshit will not happen.. we won't let destroy our country.. fuck !!
ic 289 discovered in 1888 by lewis swift
cat's eye !
"i was 7 when i found out everybody dies. my grandpa told me, 'everybody dies.' i wasn't even talking to him." -louis c.k.
"i was just trying to blow out the candles."
this speaks to part of the problem. white privilege.
you got me! good ole racist chris!
a protesters killed another protester in but you don't see them in a violent rage about that death! it's ok to kill each other.
watch this!
fucking loved it
just watch our eagles and that's communist sport you like. soccer
if braves had another series with the mets this year, inciarte would have literally killed the mets. logical next step.
he's a good player.
listening love every minute of it love every songs
thank you thank you annie! means a lot to me!
i'm sorry too, but i'm so glad i saw you friday and saturday! see you at air races for sure! you have hangar pass?
haven't bought any tix for it yet
trump supporters are really.... something
you could do the same thing with hillary supporters. there are tons of vids of idiots of both parties.
hi, my name is karl, i hope you like this photo set of myself b/c i do, now back to nursing and photography, weird...
| fall 2016 on the way.
c'mon !!! get your act together!
honestly, i cannot feel bad. companies that do this go bankrupt because of the 'too big, too fast' thing. life lesson for 16yr olds.
that was good nap
you took that nap like a champ. we love you
after seeing next week's preview, do you think me and give it another shot?
,no she has now feeling like ur self you r full of passion like
i mean, if (if) i ever wrote a book i'd be bout my chinatown roots in les- someone wud say i'm not repping right
not to say i'm supporting problematic things in life or even defending diaz, just saying it's one representation
relistening to self esteem it is apparent that dex is cuck.
noodles definitely fucked everyone he's ever known
describe yourself in 3 characters
these also make no sense and so much sense at the same time
maybe you should go talk to collins and teach him how to manage someone needs to teach him
i'm not qualified. i'm just conveying my opinion.
why tf am i standing like that but i love you
see u next friday
terry collins had a ton of help from bob geren. he was a very underrated part of the staff. great advisor, voice for terry.
where is bob geren now?!? can we find him by tomorrow?
watching thugs destroy a hyatt hotel with rocks and bottles. this isn't a protest, it's a wild riot.
when blacks protest peacefully by kneeling they're traitors. when violent, they're thugs. i don't get it
ah yes, brilliant in some ways, unscientific in others.
also criticized for concocting tests with no correlation to iq and using questions unknowable in some subjs
dying at this one
that's a oh shit moment for sure
police in riot gear now approaching protesters on e. trade st.
watch this eyewitness!!! cover up in charlotte
my name is kobe n i send ppl vids of me on snapchat dancing behind the wheel so everyone can know im licensed huuuuuhh
my name is carisma and i take edibles during class to show people that i'm a baddie huuuuhhhhh
thanks (why are you calling me cute even your bro called my drawing cute...i'm not cute baka -~-
oh that's you? nah man u ugly af
i'm sure theres a bouncy castle inside our local mosque, everytime i go past theres always a load of shoes outside.
just wait till the neighbor dog runs of with just one of each. lol cheers
best friend i want him for my birthday
best friend. i'm on a haunt for you right now!
we do what's necessary, no matter how much it pains us. that's how we save the world. don't leave, friend. we're not finished yet.
and in major 1st world problems. howww is it already the season finale
i bet gets renewed for a second season.
this tweet is so fucked-up that i'm going to unfollow anyone who hearted it.
might be a good night for reading.
i can't argue w/that tho giving up down in the 2nd wld be such an la fan thing to do
i love you even if you say "nuculer" instead of "nuclear". proton double ipa!
thanks for liking! let me know what you think of the blog!
1. you can't be serious. 2. if there were internal memos from clinton camp you'd post it here. 3. dt lied repeatedly
1) u have yet 2 address how the issue is racist. 2) i do have the internal memo, from mark penn, hrc '07 chief strategist
in all honesty im just bummed the fuck out i dont know what im gonna do
you can see me on fifa 16 in a lil
trump: i said obama was born in us to "get on with the campaign"
he can always take it back
if i plan to go to sfv tourneys in the future, i'll need a ps4 stick right? currently have an eightarc fusion- any...
hey , got a recommendation here?
well, it was on the x-files soundtrack...
yes, beyond that. that i've done.
step one, albeit a small step, of making bed into a treehouse happened today and it's the bright spot of my day ^_^
that would be the bright spot of any day
i deadass do all the time, but idek y
thats me too
being a fucking hypocrite. i can't stand her. she wishes she was anywhere near good as benson. *pssshhttt*
is he the one she's in a relationship with?
the sweet smell of ted goldstein lmao bye
these belong in the moma
not to say i'm supporting problematic things in life or even defending diaz, just saying it's one representation
also real talk-what is this hashtag? lol
but never recognize that too many black men get into pointless violent confrontations with everyone, especially cops
as if it's all the cops fault, no one else is to blame for the criminal acts of the individual
release sean smith and trade for marcus peters for our whole future
marcus peters would be nice
the police shooting of keith lamont last night in charlotte, north carolina, claimed another life tonight - that...
watch this witness account.
my bus wasn't there when i got off of the ferry! it came a half hour late freaking mta
the mta has been shitty all week tbh. i've been like 30 minutes late when i even left 30 minutes early from home.
natalie voted for nicole to win big brother 18!
fuck!! she won
yassssss!!! can't wait to get one! ....and possibly a signed one...hmmmm??? lol
signed copies will definitely be available!!
that's dedication
that's a lot nicer a word than "snobbery."
how will the media overcome its trustworthiness problem?
trust in the media has sunk this!!!
every war since ww1 has been finances, both sides, by western interests. they also started and instigated them
now we csn have a dialogue i totally agree prescott bush had 1.3 billion unfrozen by us gov when hitler took over
"deserves due process" is an oxymoron. due process isn't something that can be deserved. it's what everyone must have.
and what legitimate government is obligated to provide and protect in all cases...
the situations in tulsa and charlotte are tragic. we must come together to make america safe again.
what the fuck you going to do, you want the central five to get the death penalty and now you want us to believe you, bs
watching thugs destroy a hyatt hotel with rocks and bottles. this isn't a protest, it's a wild riot.
so you're worried about a hotel?
icymi: ender inciarte's game-ending catch to rob yoenis cespedes of a walk-off, three-run homer.
stop showing this tony !!! jeeeeeez
that movie makes me so emo
that's it's only intention hahah
that's in lions?
yes in lyons class lol edgar looks all different and carlos with his swag pose hahaha
find your safe spaces, kids...that inciarte catch is gonna be all over hte place for awhile.
helluva catch! sometimes, the other team makes plays.
well, it was on the x-files soundtrack...
. i think stranger things feels like that song.
yup! april from "chasing life"!
i couldn't remember the show title. thanks.
yeah, you definitely don't understand what feminism is. look it up some time!
1/2 the advocacy of women's rights on the grounds of political social and economic equality to men. so r i saying its ok for ....
great news! , can you provide details?
he has a bridge to sell you!!!
let me clarify: went from being an in-house recruiter to leading an agency. wishing there is version of 4 agencies.
ahh i see brian thanks for clarifying. do you mind emailing me at diego.alamir.io. happy to follow up!
and reed has been so solid how do you not let him work out of his own jam
wasn't his jam either
another study found a much higher cohort effect in kenya.
i.e., strong cultural bias, naturally. also
i would hope so
dude i'm telling you this is softcore porn
hey gregg weiss thanks for liking my tweet. i really appreciate all engagement!
of course, my friend! it's the part of social that makes social social! not enough people understand the value!
the number of individuals wrongly given citizenship is higher than initially reported
cnn on the trump train
1/while everyone fixates on don king blurting the n-word what's missed is what he said: no matter how high you climb, you're still a n---er.
sad, that's why he don't matter
if paul's speech alone doesn't win him the $500k, the jurors should be ashamed of themselves.
well...there ya go. i'm ashamed enough for all of them. nicole's voice alone would lose my vote!
i wonder if we'll ever find that package...
doubtful.....the ticking must have stopped by now.
exactly why i can't converse with everyone on clothes straight andre talley on their lifestyle
you already know. you're the only human in my life i can converse with about the history and fabric of clothing and fashion
are those tongues???????????????????????
those looked like pig's tails
what's better than listening to vin scully call a dodgers game?
watching &amp; thinking the same. he's like the best professor you've ever had, seamlessly weaving together history &amp; live events
i definitely need to get a physical copy so i can have you sign it whenever i finally get to meet you!
yes! this will be avail soon!
. although he did beat out all the other applicants for the mta board, including all those bike/ped/transit advocates...oh wait
i think we've got a strong lineup of policy-positive people right now, maybe a bit more independence is needed, not bos fiddles
it's in charlotte!
there's also a massive protest here and nothing on search. unreal.
[ultimate game theory] *...it's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog....
*...one can get everything in life one wants if one will just help enough other people get what they need......
depends. what store is it?
i'm not gon say on here b/c if they try to say something ima act dumb
oh shush you love you
little mistake there baby
how the fuck is it over
girl i feel u on all these tweets
as a republican latino woman --and as a freedom-loving american-- i respect your right to an opinion different from...
wait. did ana endorse hillary yet?
crazy cuz this weekend i was blasting her spotify randomly
lmfao i mean gimme 20 dollars by ron brownz
i keep going back and forth between my kind of crazy, forget ya and think it's love
nice! the new jams. me too btw
hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured, get well soon. we need unity &amp; leadership.
get the fuck outta here, you bigot
someone's opened it, i'm sure. and has a nice bottle of kentucky bourbon to drink.
bs mare! you're making that up!!!
nicole is the first female winner in five years.
that's the only bright side of all of this
1/2 the advocacy of women's rights on the grounds of political social and economic equality to men. so r i saying its ok for ....
women to discriminate against each other, which was the crux of my post?
you're paying a lot of money for this food lol enjoy it
i just had another 3 slices
i feel like all of the women around kirkman would be better presidents than him at this point.
oh, i dunno, i think he just drank the iranian ambassador's milkshake just now!
thanks for the website though, i agree with most of their contentions, and this is how, ideally, blm should present themselves
no problem. i believe protest cannot always be peaceful. black folks tried the king approach &amp; it's a mix bag. time for another
i don't know what i would do without ..she is literally the best person in my life. she defines best friend
sorry i don't always express this, u know i can't handle emotions
rioter: if you don't give young people something to be happy about then this is what you're going to get...
no one gives you something to be happy about, you go out and find it yourself. that's called self reliance &amp; ambitiony
i might not really be a cubs fan but there is something special about getting off the l walking home and hearing the crowd from wrigley
you can hear fans from wrigley in barrington?
look at my most recent post
oh shoot, well if we get a solid amount of people that it's not that $$, i'm down!
stop i feel nauseous a little
i don't understand i swear this was set up for her to win.. like how????
i actually really like macs new album don't know why everyone is hating on it
it's mad fucking nice
maybe that's the problem
don't get me started on that subject. america is about freedom of religion. do what you want but don't impose it on me.
is that an all time low for the media?
media has sunk to a new low!
i won 2 tickets (endlessly excited) and was wondering if i brought my lps if the band would be willing to sign them?
congrats! it will be an intimate gig so it's worth a shot, bring them since you'll never know what may happen!
favorite dslr that's also at video?
side note: dslrs can only record 20 min of video w/o having to start a new video (due to eu requirements)
"makeup on your face ruins it" oh yeah? thanks
ignore them !!
she didn't deserve that win.
i agree i'm so mad she won she didn't deserve it at all
y'all still out here getting in fistfights?
wait i just peeped your avi.
blame hipaa, really.
just a simple question, though. no sensitive data needed to be shared.
has anybody ever died of math?
math has made ppl want to kill others i know that
in my dream last night one of my fish gave birth to 3 hermit crabs, a regular crab, and a baby fish.
the fact you're having dreams about your fish (fish aren't even real pets btw) is scary.
even sleeping pills have no effect on me
your twitter bio fits you lol
price different so crazy for a 911 vs cs
cs would be more disposable and 911 we'd probably baby tbh lol
i mean, maybe the kid can play ball a little bit
no. just no. blind squirrel.
martha stewart on working with snoop dogg: "he's a perfectionist"
can you believe this team? i always knew that martha was gangsta.
is heather changing her mind about asking a divorce to derek? does she want him back?
she needs to leave him alone .she treated him wrong
when is this "drawing on fake freckles" trend going to end.
seriously, i hate my freckles and don't understand why people draw them on
i will block you tigre
so dominican of you
it usually depends on facilities of the building.
please send me and email and we can coordinate! steph.com
lol oh shit, somebody cares
lol nah cause i remember the one time i saw you be petty, it was bananas. didn't know you had it in you
what! upset!
yes it is and yes i am!! paul deserved it!
"want to see who came to riot? ...look at who dressed for a riot" ...
watch this quinton! witness account.
you tryna invent the freshmen 50?
already succeeded
what's even the goal of the people coming down on the snl woman? get her fired? how is that a victory?
"we did it, now snl has no new women or latinx writers, this is a great day for progressivism"
goes in on the state of patent trolling
says it: "we have a legal system that heavily favors the filing of shitty (patent abuse) lawsuits"
much like african-americans, the response "my jewish friends say i'm the least anti-semitic person" doesn't do it f...
unfortunately. none of it matters. there is a large number of our fellow citizens who are deplorable and now proud of it
newk probably thought bb would serve lights out in the 5th like he did at wimby.
he had won his last 20 straight 5 sets matches, or something close to that!!
you got me! good ole racist chris!
oh wait nvm, i never mentioned race....but i'm sure all those ppl there destroying their neighbors property are trying to help
didnt jay bruce say he doesnt want to be here?
no that's incorrect
girl cant even speak on live tv im done
right.... she actually did nothing all summer she didn't have to fight in this game at all
kanye? cause apparently he got a collab with everyone lol
yea lmao and he on tour...
new protests erupt in charlotte as accounts of police shooting diverge
even worse than telangana agitation
i played the kids we beat last night and we lost and they started talking shit saying i bought my account lmao
we didn't beat them
lol $18k/mo rental. only need $40k in cash to move in.
wondering when the realization will finally sink into the valley: it's software. in a cloud. you can literally build it anywhere!
but you'll never fully know!! *waits for it*
back off mare!!!
over/under it will be the postseason before the umpire is not a major topic of the week at least once. i'm betting jan/feb
i'm glad i was wrong (i hope!!)
the flame holds its own on that luxe block of 44th.
plain &amp; simple just the way i like it
it's a shame really. his beautiful black skin is now stained with his blood and the racism that's deeply rooted wit...
.-no matter what any1 says cop killings has everything 2do with systemic racism n america &amp;lack of consequences!
oh hell, steeling oneself. i'll be back next week. you?
absolutely!
my current fav song is "think it's love"
every day i dial your number when you're gone i am still thinking of you ;)
generally i'd like to say yes... but it's short on details, uses a really lq old promo image, and their site has no...
imagine if its sub part 3 and dub part 1 i would die
laughable news display about trump protesters today in toledo. we love him here in ohio! those idiots knew tv was coming and staged stupid!
we know better! it's just hrc's surrogate media doing their smoke n mirrors.
i'd like to stay focused on your evolution expertise. please show the peer reviewed studies
also kamin claims he dropped results where blacks did equally and one where blacks fared better
what is ur fav season
if anyone picks summer just send them my way
same i have reading due friday
life is ruff
a tour is long overdue my man
i'm gonna compete my hardest tonight in the men's singles event, but it won't be the same
i'm glad nicole won. paul was annoying. they all were but he really was.
me too! so annoying!
it's sorcery, she's flawless af
for real. i'm sitting here dumbfounded
the kids that were 25-5
ohhhh lmfao
i'm having some trouble uploading pictures to twitter from my nexus 6p :/
do you get any error? what kind of pictures are failing?
omg chill no one cares these aren't even cool
i like them it's my twitter i don't like all the dumb shit you retweet but i don't say anything
so my "smart boyfriend" lost my birth certificate i swear if i can't get on this cruise tomorrow he'll be dead before his birthday.
light skin problems
are we living in the fucking twilight zone????
i had a feeling you probably stroked out when i heard terry say that.
spent the last year in spain, japan, taiwan, vietnam, indonesia, thailand and portuga...
this is... there are no words... we're just going to retweet it
julia and jake are ready for action. begins tomorrow at 9|8c on abc.
piper is back thank god
y'know, i have seen it at my lcs. it does look pretty good...
"pretty good"? it's bloody awesome! look at this sorcery!
please see last tweet
you stuck with me fam lol
at the umd cs career fair yesterday a student handed me his five page resume... stapled twice in the corner
maybe for pdf formatting, but you need a one-pager for in-person
no i'm not sadly. hopefully by next year i will be!!!!
i'd love to keep in touch! i live in queens and travel out to port jeff every weekend! let me know!
serious spinach salad
serious indeed!
corey protected her all summer
literally... all they did was lay in bed all summer.. i can't do this i'm so upset, disgusting, annoyed
who's a better person?
how is this so split?
so the cast of the west wing is campaigning for hillary in ohio...what?!
that can't possibly be accurate
well didnt wantnto be traded to the mets?
no at start he had 3 top choices but never didn't want to come here
ah yes, brilliant in some ways, unscientific in others.
i put him in the boat with scientists in 30's who tortured asylum children. invaluable research by monsters
she started talking about missing him, she was glistening
omg you're so cute!!!
() video of 's death will not be public after 's mayor views it, acc'd to city gov.
might this be the reason why? watch witness account.
where di you live im gunna come to your house how dare you end it 6 minutes early
don't think you're safe either
how are you guys celebrating national your daughter peed on the living room floor day? me, i'm mopping up urine.
fireworks and celebratory chimichangas.
how funny, i'm working late too &amp; was just listening to at my desk.yes, some great motivation!
yes love this!!
with the first place dodgers, helping dave roberts beat the giants (helping the mets).
well some one thank him, then pay him and get him back here!!!
that was a realllyyyyyy great finale
literally so great !!
oh my god i forgot to pay! i was so busy talking i left without paying! i ran back to the restaurant and now they're closed!!!! shit.
i've done that. slip a note under the door??
very nice! did you used to play?
no i wish. i just love watching it. i did play lacrosse tho which is just as fun
i loves you bestfriend!!
that was this morning when i actually liked u
it is with a heavy heart i must announce good charlotte self titled still goes
goes straight in the trash
cnn reporter bodychecked to ground amid violent protests in charlotte
hockey season did just start after all
some of it is idealistic in nature, because it relies heavily on compliance on the part of the citizens as well
black folks are citizens and thus have the right to protest any way they feel is strategic. sometimes that's peacefully others not
meanwhile, trump is soliciting his followers via text message to tell him what issues to "fight" on in the 1st deba...
he scare joy
that's a lie he had that the other day too you freak
i thought it was someone else's last time but i guess i was wrong
the future, mr. gits
never take lunch at the applecore
ugh all the racists and the trumpkins and the spammers jumping on the hash tag.
ugh is the word. they whine, harrass &amp; complain, never understanding what makes a person stand up and say "no more."
yesh def season 1, i was more so playing off her looking good being witchcraft hence season 3 lol. but who knows may tie in
i hope they tie in 2/3/5
will be subbing for the irreplaceable on the on tonight -- enjoy!
tell the news fairly over there....please don't taint them with your negative.
rt : boosh! previews its new u/i
i feel like boosh! should be a hashtag... let's make that a thing.
my son: "da' is an idiot." i agree.
yeah, i'm very disappointed. baffling and annoying end to a season of the same.
oh yeah. definitely. maybe fringe a bit. mr robot sounds like a possibility, though i haven't watched it yet.
and fringe is of the taste of it. i see you have a phd in lit, so i figure you get what i'm saying.
this is how i want to die
my goodness
if only you could win a trophy for that on snapchat
you have the trophy that's my heart
. on : "i think this is an american tragedy."
. stop giving a voice. his thoughts and opinions are irrelevant.
and you literally watched it again last night at home
just bonus features and selected scenes
that was this morning when i actually liked u
jk i love u bitch ain't ever gonna stop loving u bitch
true, b-of-3 is different &amp; will be approached differently but front-runners still likely to win a lot.
the only exception was madrid final 2009, after that 4 hour war, with novak, 3 out of 5 too much.
you better put some respek on that papi's name
hope all his concert dates get cancelled
i disagree with you.
which means nothing to us.
thought this may interest you.
i heard. sigh.
why am i not in your suite....covered in blankets, drinking coconut milk
i don't know lol because i miss you rn
me: drops out b4 first day
honestly me
their showing up on mine.
that's wild. i suppose because the protest here is already enormous, it makes sense to silence it in nyc
lol. what's the startup in this analogy?
not touching that question.
if you don't like what i retweet why do you have my notifs on?
why do you have mine
..."forms" of "spongiform"? i'm truly ashamed of my clumsy wording.
if you're ever in nyc come on out ! itsy bitsy spidergirl
i think i'm freaking out almost as much as nicole right now! i'm sooooooo happy for her!!!!
i'm so excited natalie and day i cried
sony has native 4k?most important thing in the has native 4k?no one needs it or wants it.just games
lol yep but ok it's about games, what does sony have this holiday ? nothing aaa, but it's about indies now right? lol
the midi disturbed song is a great touch
yea i mean it's an mp3, but they made it explicitly be a midi
and now we know why these white supremacist bumpkins with no teeth married to their cousins love trump....
oh wow....the worst of the worst are coming out. folks please vote.
the is much more than a protest. it's a public funeral. people are mourning.
here is a witness account. watch and share.
ah yes, brilliant in some ways, unscientific in others.
like u. you're nice in some ways, but indisputably a monster and i must oppose you at every turn. bye 4 now
statistically speaking property developers are likely to be involved in questionable transactions so police should definitely check them out
come to think of it stop-and-frisking members of the giuliani administration might prove fruitful as well.
u got a time machine but u only get 2 use it once. whos mom do u fuk?
wait... it's a one way trip, or a one way fuck?
she just said how did i win to her parents i'm literally about to punch this tv in
deep down i think she knew that paul deserved to win... im so upset
coincidence. the comb likely editor schwartz's idea. on my own i'd do hair as part of costume change &amp; not bother explaining.
good to know, saw the letter while doing reading for and it made me curious :)
paul should have won nicole did nothing this whole season
at least victor is america's fav
i want to ask ppl on facebook what three characters i am, but i feel like no ones actually gonna do it and then i'll just be embarrassing
so it'll be less embarrassing on twitter,,,,,(?) guys what three characters am i
everything's gotta be about skin color huh
only the cool things
he got tired of the buns
theres more to life
noticing many ppl have an 'ordering @ the deli' inflection where u affect a 'salt of the earth' waddya-gonna-do voice
did this while buying condoms. height of gruff nonchalance goddamn
my nigga this hurt just reading it
but then ppl wonder why i be mad petty and crying on the tl lol
and no, i'm not like them. i don't leave my children and home to run the streets, steal, and murder. this shit is sick.
do you know people who do leave their children home to run in the streets, steal and murder? i don't.
or hit up justices phone, what ever works
just enabled texting on my computer so you can text me on there... might just take a quick minute to reply
sometimes you're being a goober using the new gif-embedding capabilities in your phone while texting your husband a...
which, to be clear, we sent each other at the same time baaaarrrfffffff
wait so flora is dead!?????
unless she's a climber
surprising we don't see more blind squirrels playing big league baseball
what's juan perez up to these days?
what are you, an nbc intern?
most of what i'm watching on it isn't even from nbc!
antis believe that paper records were destroyed, because they don't know how real research is done
exactly and the don't understand study design or epidemiology-- why birth cert data useful
volunteer coodinators serving lunch . keeping our seniors young and strong!
. 9 resources to support seniors in need see
i can't watch. considered it &amp; can't ruin my love of the movies.
honestly thought the same it may just crap my memory of lethal weapon love all the movies need the blu rays
where are you?
wasteland weekend. imagine a ren faire only for mad max/ fallout.
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf...
you can't leave obama behind, this will be with you forever
what happened to his investigators he sent to hawaii, dear? did they drown in mai tais? surfing accident?
documents brought back 2 validate clinton's top chief strategist, mark penn concerns.
i learned today that i'm now sag eligible which means i'm able to join the same labor union that samuel l jackson is in
that's a good thing, right?
me and my daughter rock out hard in it
yes to allll of this dude when she came out to fest, that was the epitome of epic!!!
at least he doesn't giggle while he jumps from putin's joint to trump's, like "dr." stein....
that whole thing is idiotic, but clinton comparing putin to hitler is awful on several levels
when did clipping my nails become so satisfying???
because you're so limber
tulsa officer who fatally shot terence crutcher told police she was "never so scared in my life," her lawyer says.
why is she even a cop if she's so scared of just seeing a black man in a stalled car? why was there no assistance offered immediately?
reading "the hard thing about hard things" and "the lean startup" does not automatically make you qualified to run a company.
correct. you must take classes in "entrepreneurship" for that.
we're doing it all you hear me?! alllllll
fuck yeah we are!!
newk probably thought bb would serve lights out in the 5th like he did at wimby.
i also listening to wimbledon on the radio in 1981, and connors was up 2 sets against borg.
z haven't you had enough stabbing for one day?
a recent pic of me hex
these women r my mom's age &amp; she would be offended no minorities were there they weren't via
i'm ur moms age and these two women are brain dead. wondering if they ever read a newspaper.
now, hilton bar - get here
thanks again for the beer !
"she swiped left, charlie brown"
"she muted you, charlie brown"
evangelical pastor says faces 'concentrated satanic attack'
yes. the pastor seeks celebrity like trump. just as jesus taught. thank god for bible study at trump u.
yo i ordered 2 lip kits last week and no conf email, no tracking # but yes credit card charge help yo girl out
hello anyone home, this is absurd
loyalty is so hard to find these days.
so when you do find it, cherish it!
hope there is an option for 1080p60][4k60, love being able to choose.
up to devs, 1st party will be 4k native
admission is part of the pathway to your mental wellness. be well or continue in a deplorable state chris.
i am lost without your guidance
the only person destroying columns (&amp; rows) books tax records is trump &amp; his shifty esqs &amp; accountants cheat&amp;cheap
really guess ya don't get play on words. columns and rows rows and columns = math accting hence trump hiding em deleting em all
bruh lmao he follows me
damnn he boutta slide in the dms like
that's fine with me.
what a boring little liar for allah you are.
did he say anything audible
he had already sucked the life out of himself; barely audible.
same, i see elements of asylum but i forget where that took place. whatever they do i'm sure it will come full circle
the houses decor looks like the asylum
you should use the snapchat filters more often, it cracks me up!
i can't stand that app!
should i get her cookbook??
yes girl!! her recipes aren't super challenging and she has so much variety and a lot of healthy options!
what is everyone gonna be for halloween? got a costume picked out yet? i don't ...
best costume ever lol
west coast vs east coast
this is what i like to see
steal her look: me and my stylist at 's vip after party
i'm so mad that i accidentally posed like this
(hint: the answer is bill clinton)
i can see trump being persuaded as well.
this guy compares richard lynn, who did iq tests on people, to "scientists who tortured asylum children".
yes, because he's a racist who fudges in cheats and fuels white supremacy and this leads to detriment and suffering.
how does that count as me having makeup on you fat fag
cause its make up on your eye
lemme see what's good wit this show designated survivor about since it got my nigga jack bauer in it
ok so far this the first new show of the fall that looks promising
true. but adjusting for for number of cooling degree days allows apples to apples or bill to bill.
the southeast will use more ac than bay area.
thats why i don't watch naomi vile....lmao
she is very cool when i met her, but, same tact not taken when it could of been lonnnnnng time ago
a table with a bill of over $120 tipped me 0 dollars even with all of my nonstop service to them. they just walked out...thank you 4 that.
welcome!!!!!!!!
21 savage got all his tattoos removed
it was a joke smh
sorry folks misinterpreted. i think is hero. she froze those baton rouge cops in motion. despite being...
a "sorry" that puts the blame on us for misinterpreting is a sorry excuse for a "sorry."
is trash so far. i'm so disappointed.
i only continue to watch it because im a fan of the serious but, since jessica lange left, it ain't the same.
antis believe that paper records were destroyed, because they don't know how real research is done
actually to be clear they believe that "documents were destroyed" = data obliterated. nave
how you gonna end 6 minutes early?!
it's for the best.
now this cool. moar plz.
you will have more. shown text include eg "american constitution" &amp;c., reflecting jpn society during...
news: trump on why he changed his mind on birtherism: "well, i just wanted to get on with, you know, we wanted to g...
jobs, where are your ties made in another country, get the fuck outta here, bring back that job for americans
update: best night of my life
congrats again! you earned it -- now keep up the good work and come back in a few years for a statue!
he didn't cheat on her ..
he has a another kid on the way....
i taught to high-five a fistbump . his nerd training is nearly complete
. earlier this week i made him sit through my "effective code review" presentation.
no need for poor sonia, please. there is nothing poor about me. i'm a beautiful woman who got called unattractive
sweetie something wrong with him .everyone in my office thinks your breath taking beautiful,nature sexy .something wrong w him
seriously? how utterly stupid to destroy your city. this is your best solution? not buying it.
again, these are poor black folks. logic here means they don't own anything so it's not "their city". understand? geez
this guy compares richard lynn, who did iq tests on people, to "scientists who tortured asylum children".
every racist reading this is a monster. i oppose you and bid you to enjoy your rapidly dwindling demographic power.
i think so. fringe is a bit more... clean, maybe? polished? than the song.
yeah, it plays at paranoia without being paranoid properly. it's safe.
i do re: firing. but the fact that she is the voice of governance on this makes me crazy.
don't get me started on corporate governance, or lack thereof
we're sitting right next to you bob ....
seriously bobby..... wow
this global deployment demo uses the same load balancer as . watch at 16 min mark...
why go routers in public subnets, what's latency between central and east?
i knew this thing was gonna go wacky.. these jurors always vote on who they like better, not the better player
i mean i wanted nicole to win cause she played a crazy game but paul's game was so good i wanted him out weeks ago.
hi. i'm in london until saturday! i totally forgot to tell you! been here for three weeks and it has been uh-mazing!!
omg can't believe you were in london in aug!!! aw that's a pity i missed ya-i'm now in california glad you had a fab time tho'
this might go down as my first regret.
here's to plenty more!
i'm not your enemy. i don't want to see people die. i disagree with your view on it. i haven't been disrespectful to you
i'm not being disrespectful, but what's your point? you're tired of black people blaming the cops?
what back-to-school shopping looked like 15 years ago:
this is disturbing
ok sorry i took it as anti-police like it was some atrocity to use tear gas.
oh, never "anti." i have family in the pd--but that doesn't mean i think that police are incapable of misjudgment.
lolol wise words of camile
these are my words, jessica
well now i know it was a good catch
looks can be deceiving i guess.
went native
again not one of you has addressed the racist element. care to explain?
you too! let me know if you'd like to grab coffee sometime.
would love to! i'll let you know as soon as i have my next month's schedule
ydk i get a 5 in math for cxc
buy me speak, memory :((((
to each it's own babe
the buns only thing that matters to u bett?
that im killing myself or that they are putting a panda express in town? lol
panda express how could any1 live w/out spicy bobby
they'd arrest a father for killing his child's murderer, voight shouldn't get a pass. but this show looooooves police brutality.
from what i saw during the three way crossover last season, voight gave me vic mackey teas.
at least paul won $50,000 &amp; victor won $25,000.
ahhhhh. your tweets ruined it again for me. lmao. i hate you. (j/k of course)
i threw it out
the lies u tell
someone asked me if i was happy in my relationship...i was like "uhhhh yeah???"
lol if i wasn't happy i wouldn't be in it
. on charlotte shooting: "until ppl see what actually happened, we shouldn't have to take the word of the mayor, chief of police."
but we must take the word of a family that wasnt at the scene? or witnesses proven to be lying? any excuse to be violent
ebooks are the way go
i know. unfortunately my prof wanted us to have the hard copy
camille, justin, the twin, olive, and daniel are all gone lmao
hes still got erin
...is that a joke about sanders and warren, or is this a thing &gt;.&gt;
no, no, it's apparently a real thing
food there is top 5
tell me about it
if your protest includes violence or destruction of property, it no longer is a protest. it's a riot. it's criminal.
this just in: declares the boston tea party a criminal act! american revolution now null and void fil...
everyday is christmas mun
maybe , we dk when jesus was born
i'm currently on streaming from (a card collecting shop/lan center) doing box openings!
best stream i've seen on twitch should have came thru i'm pissed i didn't leave my house
i don't usually like reading lists/bans based on authors' identities or choices, but i might make a rule against reading stuff by bad dads.
i totally read "bad dads" as "dad bods" at first.
please try rebooting your device once. let us know if this helps.
did the trick. thanks !
and i'll note that you dropped 3, conceding that donald trump lied repeatedly.
what did lie about?
she's english actually. facts matter!
fact remains neither lead is an american. shouldn't american actors earn a living telling an american story?
my little brother was all hey mika i lost my will to live have you seen it" im crying
he gon be a depressed little shit like me when he grow up
are you saying that you underestimated me?
i did &amp; i was wrong. that was my mistake cuff master flex (i see you btw )
yeah, it plays at paranoia without being paranoid properly. it's safe.
mr robot is the unreliable narrator, to the farthest possible reach. mulder squared.
hahahaha that was actually a good one
you know i have a way with words
i went to fill up my bike tires and accidentally deflated them how's your day going bud
working has become the most peaceful and consistent aspect of my life
never watched tudors, but i don't think anything compares to game of thrones.
i knew you'd say that...lol miss you
roger only had to show up to collect the pieces
basically!!!
actually, it's the declaration of independence that said all men are created equal, not the constitution.
sorry ur wrong bcause founding fathers considered blacks 3/5 man n only white land owners cld vote
great new polls! thank you nevada, north carolina &amp; ohio. join the movement today &amp; lets !...
it's going to change
he's so unappreciative
i know... that's why you're the better friend em
ugh same! at least he spells everything right.. just hate that damn font or whatever it is he uses lol
he types like myspace still exist smh
that data is never collected in any study. do that study. collect relevant data and publish it
i wonder why nobody bothers to collect those data \_()_/
describe myself w/ 3 fictional characters? woo! cortana, gretchen &amp; daria. (subject to change at any time.)
"you're the worst" is too dang good.
they rebranded but it doesn't work the same way. ended up buy dark sky
yeah that's what they want people to do
no, no, it's apparently a real thing
hell sheen and whitmore already appeared in whedon's voting ad from earlier in the day
guys can we talk about cricket now?
where's the mute button
poop power: using human waste based fuel to drive its new electric car
the caca car? ewwwww. what's the exhaust smell like.
is the show started already?
it started about 5 mins late at 7:05
lol i feel like you would appreciate this? i die.
obvi for the vc metrics. have you seen something this witty and vc like before from a female perspective? i'm digging it.
she did not want the money.. what does she want ya think?
good question! the land? more money?
sorry homies, i gotta go to the doc and go to work on satruday to pick up my fairy godmother outfit. tt-tt
no worries, but i miss you emilyyyy. we need to hang out when ever your free again.
you will have more. shown text include eg "american constitution" &amp;c., reflecting jpn society during...
not shown: "supreme court" "child psychology" "democratization" "communism" "phone diplomatics" "paralysis in bipolarity" &amp;c.
here let me help ya n.n
i don't want your halp
if you put a seashell to your ear, you can hear the ocean telling you to kill your family.
i'm not surprised. my family has done terrible things to the sea.
spencer knows which reviews really count! those meta scores mean jack shit to him.
meta matters imo, lol and phil and i actually had a talk on this in dm 's. so cool, he is such a gamer
omg i forgot to watch again
quick its on again
there is no ac in my apartment gym
rise of irons!
be a cavs fan , it's works ;)
dying a virgin &gt; being a cavs fan
it was a blast chatting with you today, ! happy ~
thanks again!
speaking of which, let's get some of those on the books soon.
i believe the proper response to this is "hell yeah"
u didnt do anything bout it? ho
what was i supposed to do
just takin in as much as i can about the battle culture. also dope to hear thoughts about battles that haven't dropped yet
and you researching tru us... .. thank you ... we are honored ....
yo i can't pay u for this kinda promo
got the lp goin now
my question for hillary clinton: i'm hispanic and i'm voting for trump. am i deplorable? via
correction don't spin what said &amp; you know damn well she walked it back.
yea no prob. you should be seeing more of my beers out there to try over the next few months!!!
awesome. we frequent c'est cheese, and joe the owner is awesome. can't wait to try.
why are old metalheads so weird about this still?? it's 2016!!
what show did you see?
for every slight on dt there's 10 for hrc, could go on all night. you'll vote for hrc, i'll vote for djt!!
how do you know who i'm voting for but yes it won't be trump ya can count on that me &amp; 60% of voters will dump trump
poops a little runny
they're just now weened off pixies titties of course it's a lil runny
if i order cheese fries and they come with melted cheese instead of cheese sauce...
don't order in n out cheese fries. you'll be disappointed if you are expecting cheese sauce.
simply put, yes!
great. your position will help seniors. we are seniors and will mention to other
the building itself seems too small, but who knows. i hardly remember that season.
no i meant elements of it. like the twist stair and such
i wish the beach had wifi
make a hotspot on your phone duh!!
the little girl today...
how my life's going
some1 be my anakan so i can be padme and we can rule the galaxy together (theoretically)
where do i apply
yeah, it is terrible! what do you think would have happened if the police did nothing?
i can't say since i wasn't there, but if the rally did start off peaceful, i believe it would've remained as such w/out force.
just saw some douchebag rednecks hanging the nazi flag out their truck ok
the crusty belt buckle x dirty boot cut jeans scene
same like what was he thinking
he let his personal dislike of james get in the way honestly and was too cocky he'd win against either imo
in charlotte, protests and call for a boycott after a police shooting via
looting and riotous animal behavior should not be tolerated
you're dumber than i thought, cum stained carpet saggy booty having ass.
idgaf i am what i am
i hated paul but he began winning me over &amp; played the entire time. i liked nicole too, but paul flat out outplayed everyone.
i hated paul in the beginning then like him for like 5 weeks max and then hated him the last 3-4. i couldn't stand his attitude
i am heated . i am so bummed
she's so annoying lol
it really dont get any better than this
i remember first time i went to amsterdam and lit my first joint they were playing the video to this song
its funny cause bill of $ are spend in the middle east bombing them back to stone age
i believe now some people are impregnated with pure evil
i enjoy asking former bernie, now johnson or stein supporters, what the 2 stand 4. jackie gleason-style "ha-ma-na-h...
this is not the time for protest vote ~ too much at stake!
look at charlotte, y'all. hillary is just 4 more years of this hateful, divisive obama shit. we need change, not more of the same.
the word change is soiled . how about "repair" "alter" "modify " "fix" "rescue" or "resuscitate" .....
would you like to own one? i have drawers full of vintage apple gadgets that may meet your fancy. i just can't throw em out.
this little beauty is 8 years young
bot or not. no maybe. it ain't about the turing test. it's about not waiting on hold. getting the right answer. saving everyone time.
sounds like a show featuring regis philbin
we're coming out friday 10/21. gonna be around?
indeed i will -- we can discuss when i'm there 10/6 - 10/10.
a solid party cry if there ever was once
plenty of party cries at the onion parties.
honest i'm just lazy for all that will always get inferior quality if it keeps the work down
extremely same. that's why i date him. he makes me carbonara. i give him excellent blow jobs. it's a fair trade.
that whole songs about jane album is pretty fire
the singles are just the beginning too! it's just a treasure trove.
you're the sweetest
you're a mess.
they lost because terry is a moron who can't handle a bullpen
or pinch hitters.
by all means post it then, dear. then post your dick pic because you are kind of adorable. we can dm if you want.
let's be honest... i'm more than adorable. :)
wtf where?? ion have any
tired of the lies
well i think you can put the book down now, thanks to adrianza.
it's true the book will be there next week the playoff race might not
who's traveling to arizona for the first time in january? we are excited to share our hometown with you!
first time for me
i remember first time i went to amsterdam and lit my first joint they were playing the video to this song
i was high af like fam this video is wild sus but it sounds so good
nicole has won big brother 18!!
love it!! first woman to beat a man, best players in final 2 but take pablo and go home! congrats nicole.
sour shoes is awesome, but i feel you should choose bigfoot over hanzi. bigfoot is so incredible.
hanzi is a whiner who flys off the hook. but his calls are so entertaining! what's your favorite bigfoot moment?
they got shot because they were all criminals. and the resisted arrest.
you're a complete freaking idiot. the 2 black men who cops killed in the past 2 days did nothing wrong. or illegal. ffs.
is it any good? trying to convince my wife it's worth watching. if it's stylish enough sense doesn't matter.
it makes not one whit of sense and i keep watching. thus it's good.
when someone walks in on me by the lockers during lunch
lmfao deadass
you're the man, nice seeing you for two seconds!
let's meet up soon! the next few weekends i'm gonna be in and out of the city.
raiders passing d/st ranks (thru wk 2): yds: 32nd ypa: 32nd td: t-32nd td%: t-31st comp%: 29th woof.
hi alex i'm not great with numbers but this doesn't seem to be very good to me
chris christie on radio says trump's given away "tens of millions of dollars of his own personal money." literally zero proof of that.
christie's lies are taking him to a bridge to no where.
sis twitter gonna hate me if i spoil it
yo why i thought i was talking about where we live...
i'm can't even expressed how sad i am sitting here watching things unfold in charlotte. folks getting tear gas. 1 person shot dead.
and folks still deliberately blind to what's wrong in our country. wonder how colin kap pulled all this off?!!!
"the media is lying to you about terence crutcher. check out the truth on --buncha facebook dudes i just unfriended
one of the most pro-gun sites out there with no regard to the facts. not worth the click.
check out: eddie jose morales short stories featuring zombies, paranormal, supernatural.
thank you for the shout out. have a great week :-)
after connors had himself escaped vijay amritraj the same way in the qf
i remember in my park by my moms house, they always called vj is a choker, couldn't take the pressure.
that's the next study. it's happening. but i do worry about podes. some dodgy data there. what to use and what not?
it has been used a bit irresponsibly of late and 2014 has issues. that aside its coverage is pretty useful for regional analysis
there is a line that is clearly drawn that differs protests from riots and overall criminal activity.
destroying private property for political ends is a very old &amp; useful tactic. to those who have, sure, it's "criminal"
wondering if has seen the hashtag used already by and -- love it! i'm a we
dangit, flipping autocorrect. that's i'm a
do we really care? they look suspect anyway.
i was guessing 'being gay' was the answer, but sadly it was misogyny and hate
this has been quite a year for the cast of short term 12. great cast. great movie.
that movie! i couldn't believe how good it was.
why did i think of you when i read this
because that's something i would def do
i doubt it , i think it would be posted as an assignment
this class is gonna sneak up on us hard
goes to stillwater high because you get to watch the sunset before your game starts
my favorite part about playing night games! btw did you get cleared for your concussion yet?
holds up hand. real name is super ethnic (&amp; not my ethnicity).
i often say that i'm a surprise asian, now that i've changed my last name.
make this popular in san francisco.. do it with artisanal coffee grounds if you have to
"now, you kiss each of us programmers and determine which of us drank the soylent."
my mother went to the emergency hospital sunday for an urgent intervention. she almost died.
oh my. wishing her a speedy recovery. and plenty of hugs for you. *hugs*
after connors had himself escaped vijay amritraj the same way in the qf
you have a great memory!!
if you need someone to talk to i'm here for you
ya i'm not gonna hold my breath thanks
he is right. the only ones who care is the ones who have something to hide.
john, you make me sad. please don't give up your freedoms so easily.
they got shot because they were all criminals. and the resisted arrest.
google levar jones. routine traffic stop &amp; he followed cops orders. shot him anyway &amp; then lied. all on dash cam. oops.
midpen &amp; slv(aka 'facts') mislead people. it's that brought more noise &amp; offers no midpen fix
faa isn't the one pushing davyj, &amp; are,and they don't care it hurts others.neither do you apparently
in this economy?
fx shows aren't for everyone.
i watched pretty much every ahs and know fx well. just not so hot on this episode. still a little scared
hater. empire is the shit.
: you're right empire is shit. it's a shit show. hard to hate on something so shitty.
it depends. the experiments with one of them was flawed. and splenda seems to be harmless. i hope anyway
yes, that one seems ok so far. for some people, they all cause stomach problems and many say they cause cravings etc. cont.
you don't think anyone at that riot has kids? you're stupid beyond words.
if you have kids you can't go out at night? is that the way life goes in your neighborhood?
it has been used a bit irresponsibly of late and 2014 has issues. that aside its coverage is pretty useful for regional analysis
and i think its good practice to always compare own collected data to more widely used or administrative sets..
we as american can't let this define us i'm a proud african american woman who loves america just like everyone els...
no, no. i jokingly renamed trump's town hall to aka blah, blah, blah.....
what does 2 facing inward have to do with anything? and there was no replays for fouls ever
you're right, but i remember the main ref consulting with the side ref on a fake fall
too many double negatives.i'm lost in what you mean.i cant imagine lying.been researching elfwaves but yeh, normal...
that was an old "bit"
man, datanyze needs to get their bdrs in a prospecting 101 class
i'm so sorry for the frustration, would love to talk to you tomorrow. i'll email you directly. thanks!
i write 5 page essays single spaced in an hour and 30 and they're elite every. single. time. god fuckin bless
honestly about to pay you to write my papers from now on
then don't be a cop. you've got a gun, helicopter and backup. he didn't. and you're scared?
we've seen the video. what was there to be so scared of?
so smiths assignment was to let julio clean off the line and cleanly step to slant and let him blow by him so nelson can cover?
it was cover 3, nelson supposed to get anyone coming to the middle of the field and smith covers the sideline
i doubt that. hell nat voted for her. he didn't vote cause he was mad nic told paul things.
no peggy james and nat fough because of the bullhorn crap that said he had a final 2 with nicole
i wish al jazeera america was still a thing so i could get the real news.
this is a shoot: absolutely the best news coverage i've seen in my lifetime. this coming from a journalism student, too.
a demonstration
watch this video of a witness in charlotte shooting cover up?
oh wow, new dark mode safari view controller in tweetbot had me fooled. quick, which one is in private browsing mod...
white accent is private, which i know because it's election season and paywalls!
best mayor ever! should have been potus! knows how to keep law &amp; order tell it like it is man!
im pretty sure giuliani blamed the black victims of 9/11. "they shouldnt have been in the building"
. admits he's a racist. good start.
you have a good night and thank you for showing me the light!
blonde is a great album every other opinion is wrong idc don't @ me
who the fuck is saying it's bad i'll fight them
let's think. the only black candidate, the first black president. the only one whose birth place was q'ed. hmmm
ty for the response. now, let's take this as an eligibility concern. an issue regarding the constitution.
my mom was in the middle of 60s feminism/civil rights &amp; when it said there were no poc, asians or latinos at rally she'd be gone
oh. i'm a little bit younger. was in grade school. sorry. but i had same kinda mother.
please tell me there is footage
yeah on snap chat lol
stop subtweeting and just @ me next time
my b my b. i'll show respect where it's due.
good seeing today . always good vibes. stay up
shout out to you &amp; bows for the adidas today
what does 2 facing inward have to do with anything? and there was no replays for fouls ever
and the player got a yellow card
stars wars celebration is going to be in orlando in april! i could go there instead of c2e2. ugh there's just so many events.
omg do it! we're going to celebration too!! (we = me + /)
if we, as americans, want our voice to be heard, rioting and creating disgust against your cause, will not solve anything
sure it does. american history is filled w/ political violence. and it mostly worked for the perpetrators
if u ask common voters of dt who they voted for, they will say we voted for bhai &amp; even they don't know the name of that mpa/mna
that means they don't believe in politics and democracy
what's the first word(s) that comes to mind when you see this behind-the-scene movie shot of mine in ?
popcorn and a soda.
and he got 2 kids and a wife, and runs a clothing line.. this dude does it all lol
i feel like making more music at a faster pace is more of a thing now but i hope he dont miss
pete's unhappy with the quality of the pancetta he had to buy, so he's trying to price out a pork belly to make his own.
this will be perfect with pur carbonara.
i will never understand vandalizing small businesses while protesting/rioting. shit makes no sense....
exactly. how is that helping the cause?
i go4trump4peace w/russia i cannot do +kill ur family &amp;alluever knew irradiate environment2
everyone knows she is bullshitting
they got shot because they were all criminals. and the resisted arrest.
wasn't doing anything. cops were serving a warrant on someone else - nothing to do with him
police say the shooting tonight was civilian on civilian. the person is not dead as police originally reported.
gang related most probably, you expect it from them.
i liked the video better with my man for webinar!! maybe will be too?
i originally was going to use webcam but i had students behind me in the press box...
if some1 finds 2 crit sec vulns in apple's net stack while working, do they get $250k for ea. though not a white hat? asking for a friend...
only if they promise to share with a co-worker who didn't help and rhymes with tustin jrobec.
it depends. the experiments with one of them was flawed. and splenda seems to be harmless. i hope anyway
so they are not being recommended as a way to lose weight/prevent diabetes as much.
true! he should have sat down and tried to think of the votes. he even admitted that nicole played a better game than james
yeah def. nicole isn't even a horrible player so that's nice i guess i just think he deserved it over her
too many double negatives.i'm lost in what you mean.i cant imagine lying.been researching elfwaves but yeh, normal...
it was me talking to my imaghinary world
woman bosses still suck cock
at least they're women
remind me again about those tea party rallies that were always on the verge of violence,but never seemed to make it there.
they had enough weapons, just not enough people. right wingers are failures at protest.
imam muhammad siddeeq: "there's more extremists &amp; terrorists among the jews than among the muslims, according to th...
facts are sticky things imam, and the facts suggest otherwise.
that's a requirement if you're ugly
nope, not only if you're ugly
and i think its good practice to always compare own collected data to more widely used or administrative sets..
or administrative ones to more objective geospatial data for that matter. ;)
at oracle appreciation event in in vip area thanks to
can you remind menthe section we are at?
"now, you kiss each of us programmers and determine which of us drank the soylent."
if the qa person can't get it right, all the programmers have to kiss them.
loving on my little ladies. please adopt today.
here's my rescue cat + a former stray
called the police to report an intruder in his own home &amp; the police showed up &amp;beat him to death. another day, another hashtag.
.-omg please have ur will&amp;ur way&amp; save blk ppl from the heinous systemic racism that has become the norm n america!
remember last yr we were hella into the sfx makeup
omg lets do some looks this year!!
she's honestly not that cute i see way better looking chicks in my personal life
everyone has different taste, met her in real life , she is better looking in person imo
for others who aren't good with numbers, the raiders oass d ranks right now are
well at least they didn't invest heavily on that side of the ball this off-season!
kaela calls clear cups "cups with windows"
come to nathan's birthday party on the 1st! bring makaela!
theres a new smurfs trailer - if you are asleep i'mm come in and show it o you
he's not joking, he woke me up at tiff one night.
haha i remeber that didn't it also have taye diggs or am i thinking about dracula 2000
it did! i actually really like it though it's not "conventionally good"
dumb question: to come to berkeley i can fly into oakland or san francisco, right?
yup and you can bart to berkeley from either
you rarely come across someone as well liked and well respected as and it's absolutely deserved. we're thrilled to have her.
hopefully you let still live in the best city and not make her move.
happy birthday liv! hope your having the best day ever! nyu is so lucky to have you
thanks liz miss you!
it's silly rhetorical nonsense, of course. pols don't know enough history to use it...
it's not just rhetoric, the russians take what senior us ppl say publicly seriously. it's a ridiculous personal insult
she's honestly not that cute i see way better looking chicks in my personal life
very pretty but also nice too
can we get a collective "duh" on this one?
competitor company claims their product is better.
send beats to my email. kendall.smith645.com
chek these beats
i'm literally losing my mind
love you pretty girl keep your head up not everyone you lose is a loss, give it time
nat voted personally not strategically because she didn't like his words ans he voted out james,, grow up it's big brother you aren't 4 you
cost him the game when he deserved it tell me what nicole did to deserve that win. she cuddled some mayo. wow so proud.
what an unbelievable ending. ender inciarte just made a spectacular catch to rob yoenis cespedes of a walk-off, three-run homer.
stop tweeting this stuff is on suicide watch!
is lebron the best in the league at any specific aspect of the game?
passing, chase down blocks, and basketball iq
he's responsible for several murders. i hate them
voight has done this more than once, yeah just like vic mackey.
you see me laying in my bed playing 2k?lol
lol don't be a wise ass. can you teach me how to play though?! either that or madden
idk it's weird &amp; fun some weeks and super deep and meaningful teacher talk others. always fun tho.
so it's... weird?! *cymbal smash*
"yoooo, let's make this shit verdant!!!" - me
is that like npr code for 420?
ur color,religion etc shouldn't matter. but sadly we r btr then 200 yrs ago but long ways 2 go
we should all be treated the same. but once we go outside the front door, things change.
according to some astrologists ophiucus is an actual sign but to others it is just a constellation
it's an actual constellation but it is only a sign in eastern astrology, but we follow western astrology ur not a taurus
i got a couple things lined up. if i get everything done its def a go
yes bro i'm hoping you do. i just fucked some shit up lol
yea make everybody know i have a princess
you referring to yourself as princess ? self love really is the best love
this is pretty much true. they are also usually the same people that are welfare leeches, drug dealers, and gangbangers.
learn how to spell before you put your toe in serious waters. incite.
can't wait to start back work!!
can't wait to work with you!!!!!!!!!
let's think. the only black candidate, the first black president. the only one whose birth place was q'ed. hmmm
why are u not upset or seeing that dr raised the same issue a/b . doing so waters down racist narrative
i'm very upset at how tacky this apartment is
i don't mind the acute angles these new buildings on market have, but it must be a pain in the ass to decorate in there.
are you talking about the new girl lol
yeaaah. i don't think she's coming back. lol.
yooooo lmaoooo major throwback eastttttt sideeeeeeeee
you look like yemens finest.
i feel it's the only way we will see change. the elite keeps us under control if we meekly whisper &amp; plea for just...
watch this video account of a charlotte witness.
don't tell me big trade pickup matt moore just went 1-plus innings, 6 runs allowed, in the heat of a playoff chase in la. just ... don't.
but we will highlight that pagan and span have weakest arms i majors
can't wait to start back work!!
i can't wait either! excited to see what this season brings and watching you and the rest of the cast kick some comedy ass!
note to self: never get on twitter on finale night of before watching it
i'm staying of twitter the rest of the night
to anyone else interested in a print i only -have about five left, and this is an idea what the hand colored editions look like
color scheme of your choice
ill have to say blocking people on twitter is super satisfying, i highly recommend it to everyone
sometimes you just gotta do what you gotta do
what will you wish for though?
more wish kittens ... to explode from donald trump's spleen
except classics are about perspective ;) my classics are different from yours!
lol. at least get some barenaked ladies on that mixtape fellas!
...they would protest the unarmed murders of every race. not rioting in the streets when whites get killed. seems hypocritical.
perhaps to you. but i don't see any of the recommendations getting implemented but do see more deaths. so....
the 13 ghosts remake, however, is a legit good horror movie
they so should've done a follow up to that, it opens with literal ghost busting!
too many double negatives.i'm lost in what you mean.i cant imagine lying.been researching elfwaves but yeh, normal...
thats what happens when your away..you can better understand it if you scroll down before i made that comment
pants for hire
hopefully ill see you soon!
i'm done with twitter.
aww what's wrong sweetie
dash cam shows keith scott coming at officers with gun in hand. another rush to judgement brought to you by blm.
you misspelled judgment - and where is your proof?
every time i started liking someone/rooting for them, they'd get eliminated this season. (well except paulie. he gotta go).
i would've loved paulie to stay. at least he was good tv. between derp and nobody's boy and castrated james, dullsville
the mets managers have been such a tire fire my whole life i don't think i know what a good baseball manager even looks like.
i don't really remember if bobby v was good, since i was young. remember the teams, tho.
so sheik went well last night, for the most part. icies and sheik dittos are still giving me problems. not sure how to move forward. puff?
i can help with the sheik dittos at least
tweet us with the hashtag and tell us why you love the show! we're surprising our biggest fans tonight.
are you kidding !! it's lit lol
hi everyone! the song "i'm just a girl" is old enough to drink today. welp, have a great rest of the night!
someone was on timehop today!
. thanks for the heads up! i knew following you would prove useful. love your comedy, keep with it! ( is back!)
blast from the sordid past. bipartisan hypercreepism.
nice to cee spelling champ still at it
ok i'm dead after reading all of these comments..omg
the issue is managerial. if it is the only thing measured, then it is the only thing managed. things not measured are ignored
pretty sure no manager worth their weight would only look consider them though.
let's think. the only black candidate, the first black president. the only one whose birth place was q'ed. hmmm
you have to start thinking objectively and independently, it's the only way to advance personal development.
this is just.. well..
were his arms always that big?
that fire alarm just scared the crap out of my sos
jk someone was making popcorn and set off the fire alarm
i'm a browncoat. no one who knows me would argue otherwise. so when i see i can say, i completely, agree.
the show was amazing, and has a important place in my heart. i think in its short time as a new idea, it influences continue to echo in life
i wanna fire up the ol' fight pass and see some gnarly kicks. who do i look up?
herring/erickson sakuraba/newton and enoue/igor if you like snuff film
doesn't mater what ethnicity you are, if u support a racist, xenophobic con-man that uses charity $ for personal us...
u are deplorable going there knowing damn well that's not what meant.disgraceful
do this as a broadly photo gallery
grown men in bowties who get off shaking liquids
aww i hope someone finally sends you one!
me too, fam, me too. i've been waiting all my life for this
oh sorry, i think todd haynes directs but i am totally stumped on casting
the correct answer is zac efron and olivier megaton. you're welcome.
fetus pics of us
who is this baby child
clinton voters are voting for clinton, trump voters are voting against clinton - wsj/nbc news poll via
-there are also many who are voting against trump, by voting for hillary.
verdugo towers must have been a nimby flashpoint when it was built in 1984. it's about 50 units, &amp; note what a nice...
ground level retail (restaurant, library, &amp; law office) and parking is screened pretty well.
forte plays in the afc as does crowell and travis benjamin
all-nfc means all-next fantasy champion. not national football conference.
a big issue with the market process, is that it is entirely a via positiva affair, there is no way to measure negative demand vs positive.
we need to embed this required ratio of negative demand vs positive into the market process, as there is no way to contest
that includes latinos like myself, yet we don't go out protest after every cop shooting.
we are in the same boat as black ppl they just have it worse. don't be blind
glad could help
u2 get a room. (in a insane asylum cuz u gonna go batshit crazy on nov 8th when hillary is elected)
memory, aided by technology . great site.
ok, stan has won 11 straight finals, roger has the record of 24 straight, who is 2nd and 3rd place?
hey summer, where did you go?
this is another tweet
ben and i are v involved in this jonbenet case. her brother is psycho. off with his head.
i agree..at the time of her murder,i lived in denver,co..that whole fam is trippin'..bro was paid to do interview..loser
what was the date and time (utc) these pictures were taken, ?
you want facts from a ? you must be a nasa shill wanting damn facts! lol
actually, those deliver here.
hmm, which means that there's a market open for a late night ice cream truck that delivers
when you sad but you smokin out the p so life isn't that bad
nigga you were driving me when this was sent
if i see one more video of a "poke cake" recipe on facebook i'm gonna barf, u people and your soggy-ass desserts are degenerates
is this the same as a punch bowl cake?
thank you.-andre
andre is also the best.
maybe nicole can buy some anti venom for this fandom. hissssss
hey she's $500,000 richer
we need to embed this required ratio of negative demand vs positive into the market process, as there is no way to contest
negative demand. which is entirely the issue related to rich foreigners buying up all the property near your hometown.
always feels good to open twitter &amp; find a random tweet from 80 weeks ago liked by fake accounts &amp; spam bots. why not pick something recent?
nah man, followers 4sale just liked a tweet of mine and that's totally a real person.
so tired of this chaos!
it is as though the adults have disappeared &amp; incredibly stupid, petulant, overgrown children are taking over.
i'm a firm believer in standing up for what you believe in, but this is absolute madness.
lol, as if you, of all people in america, understand what it means to be black and poor. what a patronizing tweet
hate the sugar rim
then order without it
the man in this is deaf and he has taught his the sign for food. a signing ! how cool is that?
very cool.
just heard two shots fired bedford and south 3rd brooklyn , dispatch states slow it down.
just heard two more shots
hey summer, where did you go?
another reply!
my favorite part about playing night games! btw did you get cleared for your concussion yet?
yeah i did. i had to miss last week and i got cleared for this week. but i'm still getting really bad headaches
i'll see if i can periscope it or something for you dude
i'll be at a friend's birthday dinner but i will construct a devious farce where i hide my phone in the dosa.
they got shot because they were all criminals. and the resisted arrest.
was waiting for help after his car broke down in the middle of the road. explain to me how that is illegal
thank you.-andre
. andre is also the best.
paul irked me forever so i would have been so annoyed had he won. i knew nicole would win from like day one.
i don't what magic spell nicole spreads all over these guys, but for it worked like a charm again! gotta hand it to her!
umm that's like the same word with different vowels and then it says my yurchenko lands on cantaloupe.
it's literally terrifying
well i kind of figured that one out, lol..guess what, it wasn't very hard, lol..
how bout jill gary?hmm any 1 but the flim flam man king of debt all talk dt his proof of success name on a bldg lol
na my perm retainer in my mouth hurts my boo's wang so there's a semi equal share
ughhhhhh i contemplate getting a new retainer to fix my back teeth alignment and i remember the pain and think "nah"
6-2 and we're already in the giants bullpen
worse playoff race ever
my friends. this is very dangerous. donald trump just proposed a national stop &amp; frisk policy. it's deeply racist.
you're afraid of a policy that already exists.
sweetie edge of glory exists
remember when they scrapped the entire video i'm still pissed
loving this season of american horror story where nothing happens and all problems could be solved by just leaving the murder house.
that's the 2016 election for ya!
when i die, i want somebody to recite nicki's verse from only at my funeral. completely deadpan, as if nothing weird is happening.
if you go before me...please allow me the honor to do so
thanc yu maa eye hav mower!
i can't even figure this one out john
i want to do some book cover design but am unsure how to break into that market.
you may want to look up art directors for the publishers you'd like to do work for, and send them portfolio pieces.
i miss seeing 360 degree shots of jadine kisses gimme one this time, timy.
love the epesode in the rooftopkiss
the show was amazing, and has a important place in my heart. i think in its short time as a new idea, it influences continue to echo in life
i think that have done an amazing job, and i just want to say. .
hello new york city! working on the ill after party spot for the late night
where's the after party ?!!
ok here's the things i'm annoyed about and then i'll be done complaining
i think paul played the better game honestly but w/e he wrote his own ending by taking nicole to f2 over mostly personal reasons
rooster teeth internships aren't for people to learn from me. theyre a path to hiring. you'll need to already be near professional grade.
doesn't that make them illegal? or is that only in new york?
the grateful dead's "touch of grey" is 29 years old, making it one of the oldest songs i ever considered "the new song" of an outdated band.
when i was a kid i really liked that song because the video had skeleton puppets
love in the cat cafe. we're closed meow but are opening our doors tomorrow at 12pm! come say hi...
here's a former resident with his big brother
i see him everywhere lol
haha no way! what area do you live in?
lmao look poetic justice
if cespedes was as good as gary sanchez, he would've hit that out of reach
its coming. yet another false narrative from blm. spelling does matter tho.
i'm automatically blm because i asked for proof? geez
when you let trump run hashtag wars, you get extremely original hashtags like tonight's. ! play along.
this weakfish with george stephanopoulos
of courseeeeeeeeeee. are you video game illiterate though?
not completely, but i learn quickly
are your available in ?
you just gotta take a hop skip and a jump to li to get them!
that's exactly why she is there. you have the whole internet come on
brutally honest, and right
obviously. they should just call it tnn, they're so easy on him.
is that harm reduction or nahhhhh
police take down another protestor and fire more tear gas.
the police didn't take him down. stop reporting fake information idiot
happy birthday pia!! hope today was as lit as you always are
omg thanks girl i love you so much
charlotte officials issue correction: 'civilian who suffered gunshot wound during protests is on life support'
"we out hear like the mofo taliban"
so if one has no purpose they have no motivation and then should receive entitlements? just trying to understand y...
sounds like take offense to hearing me refer to them as "entitlement" benefits. the of should be "eligible" first
i didn't say exclusively if you're ugly, it's just needed more if you happen to be ugly.
i still disagree though, i have met super hot guys who are sooooo boring and have 0 sense of humor and it's a turn off
i'm going to make sure that happens. how often are you in nyc?
varies. at least once a year, on average. i'll dm you after i get some sleep.
strictly foundation and eyebrow stuff from now till the 30th.
well maybe not strictly
i wanna see this
at rockridge trying to get to my car. i'm trying.
i wanna know what in nicole's blubbering mess of a speech made davonne switch her vote
paul was robbed!!!
a donald trump supporter learns his candidate is a con man
but the key is...that guy will still vote for him. doesn't care whether he's a conman, grifter, racist or fool.
are you happy to discuss some of the pitfalls with our scientists who are working with them. how to contact you via email
no worries. i can probably put them in touch with ppl much more experienced than i with them too.
4) "oh i should start packing up my shi- oh yes i'll definitely to watch dr. strangelove right now, i love that movie."
5) "ok i put some things in suitcases, let's call it a night" "what about the things that need boxes?" "well i found the boxes goodnight."
they got shot because they were all criminals. and the resisted arrest.
its bc of white ppl like you that cops keep getting away with cold-blooded murder. stop making excuses &amp; blaming the victims
we drank wine and somehow i ended up high
ctfu there was something in the wine
hard to prove! but definitely easy to argue
it's hard to say
does he ever block anybody?
if verified satan was on twttr, would the pope block him?
why has key! not blown up yet
his time gon come
when nicole won, i legit stared at my tv speechless for a solid 2-3 minutes
this was me staring at my tv
neil patrick harris keeps asking colin firth if he's going to be in the kingsman 2 and like bitch harry died in the first one calm down.
you're very behind on your news... ;)
matt moore was one out away from a no-hitter last time here. tonight he faced 10 batters and retired 2.
that's baseball
i'm sure they can something something watch band debug port for you
no... he has not suffered enough yet.
should've came with me my dude
lemme know how it is
why do i love this album so much
the whole album slapsssss
djokovic and lendl? just a wild guess.
it should be borg and mcenroe!
i think paul played the better game honestly but w/e he wrote his own ending by taking nicole to f2 over mostly personal reasons
i don't think nicole's game was bad per se but i hate that she's a record-breaking female winner, first to beat a dude
bb fans: "paul killed it with his speech, he will definitely win..sorry nicole" da'vonne:
paul was robbed!!!
i read it. i see no claim he was not born in hawaii and zip about kenya. are you ok?
i am... are you? see caption...
for the 1st time since this memory wall has been used, the person on that slot didn't win!
only 1 vote away
someone proposed a 5-story building w 18 three bedroom apartments for this site down the block, but nimbys killed i...
aside: last city council meeting i went to, they asked why we aren't getting more family housing. maybe try approving it when its proposed?
mayor giuliani: "we have gone back 8-10 yrs in our race relationships b/c of what ... &amp; have done."
time to face it;obamas promise of racial healing was a farce.he is lazy and uses division as a policy with support of left. sad
bitch of course your not broke you have no responsibilities little bitch
they still be broke that's what's sad lol
i'm blocked. boooo hoooo! lol
what a way to end the night....good times..
a guesting of jadine for timy with jc ? pwede po?
kilig to the bone ang rooftopkiss
when i return to nyc, i'll be working off this super sized yodel from sweetie pie's bakery in .....
omg send some to nyc
enough with the ridiculous statements it does not represent the men they r which is 4 law order &amp; the people
which ridic statments? trump was smiling when don king screamed the n-word today. speaks volumes
when opportunity knocks...
thanks for liking! let me know what you think about the blog!
her cry melted my heart
she was too young to that
have the results of the innovation fund been announced. we will appreciate
not yet. we will send out a notification once this happens &amp; updates will be shared on our fb and twitter channels. thank you.
when will he let me sleep
slowly getting closer
our icons are two sides of the same coin.......
can't you feel the lovvvveee tonight
literally says "i sat back and let things happen" and the jury concludes - sounds like a winner! so infuriating....
paul was robbed!!!
teachers who think they can have an exam &amp; continue to teach after ???? ???!??! wyd
you won't @ denise tho
did she leave on break and never came back?? lmao
oh nooo, since she left when you were still here. lol.
crushing it 2016 pioneer awards. as an activist turned accidental lobbyist, im a total fan girl of her journalistic style
coins the term to describe the egregious, anti practices of tech.
all we want is for black &amp; brown kids to get the same treatment &amp; the same second chance that white kids get.
this is not just a black problem, not just a brown problem. this is an american problem &amp; everyone needs to take a stance against it.
nigga we outchea
i'm fearing for my personal safety with you tweeting your ass off while driving me
next prosecutors played 12 videos from david fry's defending your base youtube channel - videos from 1/26, 1/27 and 2/7
hey juror , crazy conspiracy videos and chill?
you didn't like the way protested. now you get this protest. which one do white people prefer?
the peaceful, law abiding type of protest is the only civilized type of protest. rioting &amp; looting isn't protesting, it's crime
i just don't want a summer full of sleeping to be rewarded as good gameplay it wasn't good gameplay
paul was robbed!!!
he was very good. randolph was a good, not great, manager.
yeah he was managing when i was 2 to when i was 8, so i just knew the players and stuff but not the in and outs of the game.
not every time man. i know what you are saying but non criminal, non armed people do get killed by police some
thank you! i'm so sick of this happening. and the chorus of white people excusing this shit. and i'm white
requirements != expectations.
leave it to developers to ruin humor with shop talk.
clinton calls recent police shootings 'unbearable':
is anti-cop 24/7. she is unbearable.
enough with the ridiculous statements it does not represent the men they r which is 4 law order &amp; the people
i heard trump hates disney. especially epcot cuz its too "global" lmfao :) xoxo
get on it! you were supposed to do that monday.
i know!!! *plays sad charlie brown song*
when opportunity knocks...
thanks for liking! please let me know what you think about the blog!
so i know you're here , in wp , do you want to meet your 4th cousin at dunnes .. :) i'm related to your mom
dunnes irish pub
can't believe i'm moving out in a week. first order of business: get a job hit youtube hardcore quit my job. let's fucking do this.
ah they grow up so fast *sheds tear
please yes.
i'm writing into my will that when my will is read to my fam at the lawyers office...remix to ignition must be playing.
she was in a season of people who couldn't keep their mouths shut and she kept her mouth shut and played it fairly low key.
listening to voice i'm glad she kept her mouth shut. oy.
i miss the original game. when people actually played and didn't act all friendly.
bb16 was awesome. i loved derrick &amp; cody. dan's two seasons were awesome as well
i don't think nicole's game was bad per se but i hate that she's a record-breaking female winner, first to beat a dude
and it's not even necessarily her fault but it's annoying that the strategy that worked was being "one of the guys"
member when oregon state painted their practice field blue?
bsu practice field is green, how come the media didn't saying anything about it
there have been, like 7 days of school though *7ish. i failed 2nd grade math.
. mmm; i knew i was failing chemistry on the first day. :)
calling me ignorant? you have no idea who you're talking to. do it again and give me your phone number.
frightening ignoramus. sure, because i take order from you. lol idiot.
aside: last city council meeting i went to, they asked why we aren't getting more family housing. maybe try approving it when its proposed?
anyway that lot is getting a hotel now instead, which is a by right use. never forget, you get the city you zone for.
i have an interview tomorrow for a job that pays terribly with no hours and its far away but it would be a cool job.
i dont really want it and im sick so im preparing for my interview by laying on my bed with my cats drinking that 'quil
yeah thats for sure but its objectively true unless xbox decides to change their announced hardware.
i haven't read into it at all but i wouldn't be surprised. didn't mean to argue, just was pointing out something :p
lowkey me neither but it doesnt surprise me either lol that was a pop hit
smh don't ever underestimate my boy abel
agree that median parking was a bad call. blindly following staff rec.
&amp; not the mayor's office pressuring anyone, deference to the community in all its complex forms
it was unbelievable to think it was all happening 10-15 min from where i live.
oh, god! i'm sorry!
yeah he was managing when i was 2 to when i was 8, so i just knew the players and stuff but not the in and outs of the game.
i liked randolph but my god 07 and 08 were brutal in terms of pen management. looking back he was in a terrible spot, though.
slowly getting closer
aaaaand we're back to playing with my arm
but these are peaceful protests by a beautiful, peaceful race of people, my media told me so
you're confusing chimpanzees with bonobos.
haha! i...i mean they...have every intention of "rewarding" perf supporters if there's any payout
tbh if you could just get my 5 y/o to eat her dinner i'd owe you another $250k.
only the first one
which one is the first one
three tweets, one is a violent threat. awesome.
what did i miss???
hey when the raiders have to present to nfl about lv, imagine davis and abboud presenting. check it out
wow. that was fun....jeesh
this fomulation is maddening. it's maddening when obama uses it and it's maddening in this instance.
thank you john for shooting down this looney left wing tripe
but making this about simply one creed the american demographic, singles out the others, which does not help the cause
until discrimination in all forms stop- and this particular form- we're going to see more militancy by some black folks.
i'm out. night all
same here..gn u crazy kids
i broke up with landry bc he's the biggest piece of shit ever. he doesn't know how to treat a girl. i wish anyone who dates him the best.
you deserve so much better someone is going to come along and treat you better then you've ever been treated
. is more than just a great running mate-he's a great guy to have as a friend, too.
he is creepy
enjoy a tasty
ahhh. e is in bed. now to enjoy ! cheers! ladies.
feels like forever since i asked how life is treating you? life good in nyc? fun out there? praying for you kiddo!
this made my day!good to hear from u. things are well here in nyc. headed back to mn for the weekend
i thought most women had a pet penis even today
ok this opens the question of do we have to take our pets to the vet. hahaha
i didn't see what he had pulled out. for all i know it could have been a gun. like the police officer said.
watch the video of cops killing . his hands were in the air the whole time
burn that shit down fucc all them bitches they dont give a fucc bout us ne way burn all that shit down fucc the bitches
you don't give a fuck about yourselves. that's why you'll burn down your own neighborhoods.
when you let trump run hashtag wars, you get extremely original hashtags like tonight's. ! play along.
sand bass gigante
you got all the connections
i try i try b..as long as everyone can be satisfied im happy about customer service
icymi: anthony weiner allegedly asked a 15-year-old to dress up in school uniforms and be part of "rape fantasies"
i think it's time to solve the problem with anthony, take him to the vet and have him neutered,then give him catnip!
you got a mustache in yours smd
lmfaooo that's from eating ya bitch pussy
media matters (funded by george soros) gives unsolicited talking points to cnn and state dept. beware!
thank you. george soros is a very dangerous, devious man!!
da'onne wanted paul to win i saw it in her eyes... what happened
paul was robbed!!!
if you mean an ass then yes
he meant this obviously
i want your best one for my home, no color just outline
you want one of the big ones? they're 18x24, you'd have to handle the frame though
for , not many spend time in for their .
i am blessed. gotta give back.
you can't just set me up like that beluga you should know better by now
boy oh boy do i miss you here in california
and it's not even necessarily her fault but it's annoying that the strategy that worked was being "one of the guys"
like her game was all turning against the girls, running to the guys, using the guys as shields, and it's just!!! frustrating!!
this song
country music i thought u liked rap ?
aaaaand we're back to playing with my arm
he is literally worse than a human baby. but cuter. so i guess it's alright.
the us war on terror cost $5 trillion terrorism up 6500%
that is because usa is the terrorist
a disability shouldn't define your future. at , hillary helped give kids the chance to succeed.
because you have an apparent one
hearing reports that children are denied hot lunches is maddening. pass a law. all school should be free
it sounds like discrimination to me. every child deserves a meal in school.
i bet corey will date nicole now
duh corey is gay.
absolutely my favorite professor ever. single-handedly responsible for getting me to return to school.
i completely understand your feelings - you're so lucky to have been able to study with him! are you still studying?
. i don't know who to use either. i'm never good at guessing what other people think i'm like.
i think it's about describing yourself, not describing how other people describe you.
my apartment erupting as nicole won. i'm still shaking. my gurl did it.
this tweet is deserving of a big fat unfollow
she taught us diversity mattered &amp; to never co-opt another culture w/o giving back. if audience was all white, mom'd be out.
mom taught me we are all human beings regardless of color race etc. however like everything else there r exceptions
definitely will always be our movie
hahha yes
ain't know brad was the ray of hope considering how he dubbed jennifer aniston.
life comes at u fast
my new vitamix arrived as an early birthday present to myself. what smoothie should i break it in with tomorrow?
a delish green smoothie or a pumpkin smoothie for sure! congrats! love!
3 people have asked me about my religion tonight after not thinking/talking of it/going to church for more than a year... @ god what u up to
i get that shit all the time
sorry. i just retweeted the new preview!
i know we need something to watch soon. crimson field is back on pbs
so the explanation for reed was freeman was 2-for-4 lifetime against him. four at bats. struck him out night before. makes no sense.
why bring reed in in the 7th and then pull him in the 8th for a rookie?!
haha a guy i went to college with tried to tell me earlier today that hillary was going to take "our freedoms"...
i wish i could say i was totally surprised...
the great fear of fossil fuels depletion was unfounded, turns out we moved away from them before they ran out
substitution of coal by gas powered plants?
i love and miss her; also she is beautiful
i miss you too, my heart and soul :(
when you let trump run hashtag wars, you get extremely original hashtags like tonight's. ! play along.
pupfish and parolees
no way in hell nicole deserved to win over paul, he was such a better player at this game than she was in every way
paul was robbed!!!
like what do tall guys do with all their extra time from walking up the stairs 3 at a time???
my gf is just mad because she struggles with one step
or we're just civilized humans. we don't turn into packs of feral animals when a stranger is rightfully put down by the cops.
he might have been strange to you, but in his community he was a person with a family who was killed for no good reason.
my watch is here! omg who am i anymore
you're a series 2 kind of lady, apparently.
clinton spends all that time raising money to create this result, which will only matter on margins lol
maybe raising money is its own reward?
don't tell me big trade pickup matt moore just went 1-plus innings, 6 runs allowed, in the heat of a playoff chase in la. just ... don't.
your "boy" belt put as much into that catch as he does looking at strike 3
like her game was all turning against the girls, running to the guys, using the guys as shields, and it's just!!! frustrating!!
it also bothers me because had it been day or natalie in that chair and her in jury, she would have never voted for them
remember when viral videos were people who fall down when trying to dance. now they're james corden
fuck carpool karaoke.
be honest to yourself. it's a crazy world out there right now.
happy birthday!! be safe!
so do you think anyone during civil war 2 is gonna mention that 1 time wolverine killed himself in the past to save hank pym?
or are we just gonna ignore all previous time travel that negates the entire point of the event?
sure is was. tell me her stellar game moves besides not getting bed sores.
paul was robbed!!!
why bring reed in in the 7th and then pull him in the 8th for a rookie?!
i do not know lol
i can't even celebrate that a girl finally won bc paul played a way better game like wtf was that jury thinking...
paul was robbed!!!
stop trying to make every policeman and white person a bad fucking person. saying white genocide and ftp. that's why i do this
stop excusing cops executing unarmed americans in cold blood. idiot.
, boy you be burnin hella gas lol
na lol i really be movin tho
now some white folks can come out and condemn property destruction but keep quiet when black man's life is destroyed.
does damaging property right the wrong? what purpose does it serve?
the things i'd do for something bring me ice cream
if you weren't so far i would bring you some
are those peas epicurious
they always have to pea in everything
it also bothers me because had it been day or natalie in that chair and her in jury, she would have never voted for them
and that's not to shit on natalie and day- they saw her as a competitor, respected her gameplay. she would not do the same.
oh no! sorry to hear that :( please dm us the details and we'd be happy to help.
i dm'd you many times. go check.
he don't use them might as well give them to you
oh yawp duh lol they was rusty haha
a lady should always care no matter how long they've been together.
true, in my experience and what i've seen...that's ain't the case most of the time
i got a promo for a free week with ba, which is why i'm trying them. will look into that one though. need something less stressful
hello fresh is very, very straightforward. on one hand, i'm annoyed with the simplicity. otoh, blue apron can be a lot after work
i'm almost positive i'll be alive next month though
lol but you said 23 &amp; you're still 22. don't jump the gun yet, stay young as long as you can
parted ways with a while back. this latest bullshit is confirmation of my gut feeling.
. the flattering spread of a gay white supremacist was disgusting enough for to praise it.
when u show a graphic designer/dope musician a sneak peak of ur new album art
you know you have to show me now, right?
i am immediately skeptical of anyone who goes on about how much they loved idiocracy.
i thought "same" and then realized you didn't say "religulous" but still. same.
god bless this man!
amen and he a god fearing man!!! help us all
stop trying to make every policeman and white person a bad fucking person. saying white genocide and ftp. that's why i do this
white genocide? you are a special kind of stupid. who will be blocked.
omg. thought your tweet said "had to pet" i sincerely apologize for my poor cell phone vision as 10:36pm
this is pretty funny we'll have to catch up on the thread
best of em all
i hear it's easy to get blocked by bogut. step your game up
we have to remember that not all timy viewers are jadine fans who will watch it by hook or by crook. we have to consider them too.
most awaited rooftopkiss so dying for to see
i assume you're talking about jewish supremacists, right?
oh i don't know what are we talking about exactly? jews running the world and ruining your life or something?
lack of american roots refers to his childhood in indonesia, not his freaking birthplace, silly.
no, because there was sid blumenthal and three others went further. page 3... stated... save evidence 4, 2050
i meant to stop by last week when they were in oakland and totally forgot. they seem promising though
nice! i have some fabric to experiment with now that i'm doing better making things that fit right
rip i'm truly so hurt at this point.
what happened now?!
designated survivor recap, episode one: "let's blow up some cabinet, bruh"
he gave that ambassador three hours, so we are already blurring into 24 territory.
absolutely hate when i make a cup of tea and then have to do something before i can drink it. like its getting cold
then you get iced tea
big nope lol
when i had braces i couldn't eat solid food for a month. i'm in no hurry to get back to that even remotely.
i got a promo for a free week with ba, which is why i'm trying them. will look into that one though. need something less stressful
as always, don't do it without a referral. i can get you a code if you aren't close to other users
ah... the grubs at the australian at play
who profits from this "terroism industry"? more black deaths in custody &amp; dv then terroism in oz
this is a dirty, yucky place to shop. west boca is gross and why have signs for ebt?
why have signs for ebt? so ppl using ebt will know, i'm thinking. powerhouse cogniting, me.
and that's not to shit on natalie and day- they saw her as a competitor, respected her gameplay. she would not do the same.
it pisses me off that day praises her and gives her the win while she's in the house saying day's "intimidating" and she'd never talk to her
twitter suspends accounts dedicated to saudi women's rights article about
what's this about ?
must read potus wants to give up control of internet be4 election- why that's nuts/dangerous
i been saying this from the beginning. why do you think she's so relaxed. it's gonna be an internet fix
have you ever attended snl? i see you're from nyc.
no. i haven't found where to sell my soul to get the connection for a ticket. those things are super exclusive
the dashcam shows scott coming at cops with a gun the whole is built on a lie once again pushe...
when did you see the film?
i didn't catch that -- which part
southpark is already on the kaepernick mess
ben and i are v involved in this jonbenet case. her brother is psycho. off with his head.
i think mayb ma was jealous of her..to bad she's dead.. off with her head...
where are guys now?
at the appreciation event.
colleges b like "make sure u get perfect sat, finish college apps n personal statements, join clubs, oh and make sure ur grades r good too!"
ya right lol
i need to watch some new anime but part of me really just wants to rewatch all of sailor moon again with the new dub.
we need like bi-weekly releases of shokugeki at this point, tbh.
start feeling fuzzy this time of night. but i still have enough of my wits about me to know that syria demands amer...
yeah why is that joe?
still haven't figured out how to change it from my old 2008 avatar :/
i think it's settings &gt; icloud &gt; tap your account name &gt; edit!
finally caving and deleting all my old instagram pictures i am cringing so bad
i'm 2 seconds away from just deleting it all lmao rip 3k
*...one can get everything in life one wants if one will just help enough other people get what they need......
confession time? here's what i got secrets i~open~sourced a-plot a private dic~tator now a.i. will call the shot{s} -the accountant
make me a piece for my room please
of course!! tell me what u want
i still don't know. i know who i'd like to be like, but i don't think i really am like them. if that makes sense.
that's part of the problem i'm having, too!
i enjoyed kiefer sutherland in anyone can be president qualifications don't matter and now i will cry myself to sleep.
great promoter of islamophobia.
just really craving skittles, you know?
if you eat them, they will go away...
what's more, he dropped it regarding cruz almost immediately. obama? it's been 8 long years. and continues.
no!!!! he dropped it cause dropped out. that's why.
you're right. unarmed people do get shot by police. what i am saying is that more white people are those unarmed victims
so? that doesn't make it ok. and since there are 10 times more white people in the us that makes sense
i liked randolph but my god 07 and 08 were brutal in terms of pen management. looking back he was in a terrible spot, though.
but for the most part i've seen art howe, jerry manuel, and now tc. that's brutal.
it depends. the experiments with one of them was flawed. and splenda seems to be harmless. i hope anyway
it honestly tastes like poison to me, but i think that's because i'm one of the people who have a nausea reaction to it.
when you're on day 10 out of 11 on your work week and feel like going crazy from sleep deprivation is totally acceptable
i can't give you sleep, but i have the next best thing: pics!
scoot upstaged by gti today so changed pic to reflect &amp; if u care about such stuff go here
beautiful mk2!
happy birthday, princess stve. i miss you soooo mucchhhh. i hope yore lit rn
i miss and love u so much
it pisses me off that day praises her and gives her the win while she's in the house saying day's "intimidating" and she'd never talk to her
and this after day telling nicole she would want a lifelong friendship with her
no excuse for destruction of property. none. i don't "own" my city yet i obey the laws.
if you're white, male, and middle class that would make sense
i have the worst internet
i have 5 down 1 up
need me someone with a good heart, a wild taste in music, and a fashion sense like a wes anderson character
is that materialistic, i'm being materialistic. shit
i'm watching every season of south park so no one can ever try to describe an episode to me again
foiled again! *shakes fist in air* foooooooxxx!!!
walk a mile in my shoes &amp; you'll have worked a 10 hr day, gone to dinner w/your bf, exercised &amp; still have time for a bubble bath
this was too good not to copy for myself.
my bro is at the hospital right now w/inmate(is on special type swat team for prisons/escapes/riots)said it a warzone for real
hospital is at least a safe space, hope he stays there
i can't handle this anymore i want to meet him already *crying*
this girl wins at life
city of charlotte now says a person shot by another civilian at protest is not dead but is on life support.
what evidence have you seen that this person was shot by a civilian?
true life: i'm a stabby crabby
my life basically
four months from today, our next president will walk into the oval office. help make sure it's not donald trump:
we are a movement and it will not be you
hopefully you do it justice.
no sir. my voice is to deep to imitate the legendary christopher walken.
it's candy. who doesn't love candy? :)
trump jr. so long as you dehumanize syrian refugees into disposable skittles.
he is literally worse than a human baby. but cuter. so i guess it's alright.
y'all i'm not kidding what the hell is this shit he can't do this to me ?!
something u should learn
we can't blame an entire faith that kills americans because we "created" a world of sin because we have freedom?
company in forbids all employees from using or buying , sparks social media backlash...
-why? the iphone 7 and 7 plus are made in china! apple is practically a chinese company!
huh, i wonder why there's no bike traffic there...
( these lanes need physical protection...&amp; to connect w/ something on the other side \_()_/
you're a real one!
i was also my dads only child
when ronde barber picked off mcnabb in the 02 nfc championship &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
imagine twitter was around for that lol
simple. anti-discrimination laws make such coordination impossible. else you could have neighborhood agreements.
we need to move to more abstract things, but with concrete results, we need to create pressure &amp; disincentives to move in.
i think it says italy for italians. what is wrong with that?
well, for starter, you didn't get the message.
like all i get is "leave his ass" how about " you guys are strong, you can get past anything"
not everything is meant to last tho
the sharks were out! vote sarah &amp; aurelio for hoco king &amp; queen friday!
following in my footsteps, glad i left a legacy.
i don't want to hear two shits bout peace. kiss my ass. if we got to break shit to make y'all us then so be it
criminal behavior is a great way to protest police who profile black people. you really showed them. any other genius ideas?
and this after day telling nicole she would want a lifelong friendship with her
the girls in the jury were the opposite of what everyone, nicole herself, accused them of being, constantly: petty. and that's why she won.
[breaking news] leo messi has groin strain in his right leg and he will be out for around 3 weeks
messi w groin injury.need time to heal or will nag all season. 2-4wks rtp
tonight's these are yummy &amp; refreshing
looks yummy!
heh, i just did that 7 times today (moving html from one element to another)
it's too smart!
if i won't tell the cops where it is, it's obstruction of justice. but, if the cops lie &amp; say they found it, that's justice.
to my understanding justice is served to those found innocent as well as to those found guilty. justice does not mean guilty by default.
... i think i still remember how to write javascript.
stages of quitting?
no excuse for destruction of property. none. i don't "own" my city yet i obey the laws.
and destroying private property for political ends has a long tradition in america. a noble one
i-i can't. with a bear..... it's forbidden...........
well i drew it so it's canon -- i am furry pope today
get on it! you were supposed to do that monday.
ordered! thanks again for picking it up for me!
don't tell me big trade pickup matt moore just went 1-plus innings, 6 runs allowed, in the heat of a playoff chase in la. just ... don't.
i guess that kind of game is ok in late july/august, but in a pennant race,
when ronde barber picked off mcnabb in the 02 nfc championship &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
championship game****
picked up three books and wrote 1001 words! wait, that was yesterday.
don't you have some delicious chicago burgers to eat?
had the pleasure to meet today uncle charlie you just let me know when u need those backing vocals i would be honoured
love you and hope ur doing amazing, goodnight from the east side love
leave my ass alone and let me be needy
smh lmaooo what have i done
the girls in the jury were the opposite of what everyone, nicole herself, accused them of being, constantly: petty. and that's why she won.
so in conclusion, i'm sad that the girl who made it to the top by shitting on other girls essentially was given the win by those same girls.
me in three colors
yes you look so great in mustard
he questioned for all of a week then dropped it.
no, he dropped it once was not seeking office, when eligibility was no longer a future issue.
mayor giuliani on violent protests in charlotte: "where is the president tonight?"
true, i tweeted that a half hour ago. where's obama?????? on a late night show
i got in trouble for trying to walkout my house in a oversized t shirt and shorts :-(
i'm 18 mom i can dress however i want to
i'm holding your midnight star manuscript hostage until i see that order
it's placed! i swear!
i.e., managerial incentives matter; the manager will always despite intentions fall back to caring about measured indicators
great that you clearly care about both ;)
lol. he hella should.
i can't trust him so long as he has an android
very true!! my hair just takes so long to grow so i'm nervous!!
we all know you'll look good either way though! how short you thinking?
my history teacher must have left that part of the speech out...
people still confused about mlk. our hearts are with the
had a bunch of meetings and then ate tater tots.
trade you my books for your tots
seeing you and the rest of the cast power through this crazy 9 show week is so inspiring! how do you do it? sleep? food? magic?
i wonder the same about the cast of
yoo was i the only one that just felt the earth shake!? felt like another bomb had went off in queens and leveled the block son wtf was that
watching the news &amp; according to them the sonic boom was caused by nearby "fighter jets" yet they were absolutely n...
who here is ?
these are alt right people that are giving you a bad name and trump refuses to denounce or call out
went to peter luger's for the first time tonight, almost everything was amazing, the steak was meh.
i ate till i hated myself tho.
have you seen the interview terrie williams did with us: she's incredible! please check it out. :)
no! will check it out.
mom taught me we are all human beings regardless of color race etc. however like everything else there r exceptions
but cops scare the shit out of me. they stand around with fingers on trigger in nyc. everyone nervous. i stay home a lot.
art howe battled, terry collins has ball players, and manuel uhhh, ummm, ha ha ha
it's been bad. i just want the next manager to not suck.
don't be logical, randy.
he's being a typical, privileged white boy...i expect this patronizing bs
thanks for donating kris! odin and i really appreciate it!
anything to help our fellow shibas! hope he gets better &lt;3
nah never. every thing he put out was great, even kissland
great... nah lol it's aight
to get back to &amp; it feels like ! for my !
love that dress'n
company in forbids all employees from using or buying , sparks social media backlash...
-even the tenets of communism say the workers should be able to "enjoy the fruits of their labor"!
usain bolt only follows 2 tennis players on twitter: novak and serena. naturally.
not rafa? didn't he give him his 14th slam ? well yohan blake follows rafa, they both wear the same watch!!
super late to the party but i just found out about and it is time for a rewatch.
you and should have a rewatch club
waiting in line to pay anything right now at school is like waiting in the dmv line
that's why i do it all online. just takes out my money monthly when i forget to remind me that i don't deserve happiness
to get back to &amp; it feels like ! for my !
love that dress!!
i see your perfect manhattan and raise you the rest of my perfect manhattan back there on the left, chump.
peep the geolocation for deets
officially a rep, check out their website and use my discount (csudaria20) to get 20% off
this is cute!
sure, most complete streets could be designed in a more humane way. and they should be incredibly safe. this is all of a piece.
. you seem to be equating infra with safety. what's the connection?
not every time man. i know what you are saying but non criminal, non armed people do get killed by police some
to me there's no greater infringement on our lives &amp; liberties than cops killing us in cold blood w no consequences
everybody knows jesus had a pet raptor.
well, kinda sorta
you're really reaching for shit that isn't there. if it did exist, it's not a defense.
what reach?
no ones safe
that shit kinda made me wanna die tho
couple of the people on my timeline &lt;/3
i will fight them
females like this don't exist
you around the wrong females then
iphone 7 home button feels really weird. hope i'll get used to it.
by removing the physical home button and the headphone jack apple has cut parts that break often. only screen remains fragile.
only if you check out my you tube page ;) cheers back ;)
of course! thanks so much!
i'm from l.a. and i don't know who the fuck vin scully is.
some baseball crap
never. i'm not a fan of riot because it causes distraction. we have bigger problem that needs to be addressed
wouldn't a better solution be to organize &amp; run for elected office? city council spots, state congress, etc. that spurs change
some random at perv with no followers.
can't imagine why she'd have perv followers...
i feel that i have left out a crucial part of my personality but i can't figure out which part
saaaaaame, dude. so far i've got "the part that doesn't like conflict" and "the part that side-eyes literally everyone."
simple conservatives are jealous of the presidency
and because gopers scream the loudest, they "try" to make it convincing that pbo has done nothing. but we know better.
you just changed he game
this guy should get a 95 overall game changer card after that one
anyway that lot is getting a hotel now instead, which is a by right use. never forget, you get the city you zone for.
to be fair, apartments required a bunch of zoning variances, wasn't crazy to say no. if you want something you gotta at least zone for it.
i'm talking about rampant loxism. they actively hate everyone that isn't a jew.
lol okay. as loxism even a thing or is that just some epithet?
well there's some revisionist bullshit.
not at all. i was very active during that cycle and now.
i just want this election to be over.
what's the plan if you 'muricans end up voting trump?
if you are a well meaning progressive, an actual good thing is to get over believing jon stewart or the wire are somehow relevant right now.
this week is working overtime to fucking ruin the wire for me
i enjoyed kiefer sutherland in anyone can be president qualifications don't matter and now i will cry myself to sleep.
everybody on ds seemed to take the incineration of the entire u.s. government pretty mellowly. network note: let's not make this a downer!
i agree, but this does not help the black cause, because it only adds fuel the fire of the current public opinion of blm
oh well. we will never win the hearts and minds of some whites. but we must pursue justice at all costs &amp; live in freedom
already got one but just ordered another &lt;3
appreciate the support my g
catastrophe, transparent, anything by jill soloway
, the night manager(bravo or usa)
trump calls out obama for surrendering control of the internet to the united nations
: shame on obama and congress for allowing him to do it.
i think i've already tweeted more exclamation points than the total i've ever used in all other forms of writing. (except code!!!)
you know who uses lots of exclamation points? old people.
one of my many custom closets looking like neiman marcus.
needless mark up = neiman marcus
thanks for mentioning me
i miss my olie too. you know that
so it's okay for white people to be shot but not black people. but i'm racist ? okay then.
that's not what i said. but it sounds like what you said. like you only care if it's white people getting shot
ithc you didnt even watch
good bc it was a wasrw anuway
awesome!! i'm going to listen to it tonight and tomorrow :)
started it and it's very cute! and i'm like 90% done with the other book i've been telling you about lol
( these lanes need physical protection...&amp; to connect w/ something on the other side \_()_/
this is essentially a dead end for
*blink* whoa
that place was such a shithole
lmao. fam u went through all the episodes in one day huh!? salute.
i just found out about y'all man lol. i like it, i'm tuning in for now on.
thanks for reminding me
haha no problem gotta love this show
my campus
once our campus, always our campus! great post!
i don't miss high school i might torch that building fuck franklin
i dont miss it really either tho ny i was a mean ass hoe my junior &amp; senior year . white bitches like cray but nah f.t.h
only in moraga are the squirrels as entitled as the old white people who live there
i almost ran over one because it was crossing the street very slowly
nothing like a late night study session on with your . thanks
are you all doing the regularly?
i used to keep such carefully curated social media pages but i give so few shits now
me three years ago: "it's so dumb when people post pics of them drinking"
bridget jones baby was so good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wtf really???
didn't she just get lost in the woods just the other night?!?
in nyc? central park, flushing meadows park, prospect park?
so it's okay for white people to be shot but not black people. but i'm racist ? okay then.
its not ok for cops to shoot any unarmed american. or human. it's state-sanctioned murder
yes, dear. for all of a day or two. not nearly a decade.
because dropped out... making it no longer an issue.
i need to send you to say hi to all my ucla teachers and colleagues! check out bmt there! it's pretty amazing!
thank you for the advice on continuing education when you were our supervisor this week
i will just come out and say, this is the first intellectual discussion on this topic that i have had on twitter
i've appreciated your brilliance and vigor. keep studying and believing the best in humanity
i am very interested as to who subscribed me to 's mass emails
like it wasn't a funny joke
. you seem to be equating infra with safety. what's the connection?
agree or disagree, my original point was that infra is jargon that can cover unsafe street design
brand new austin marc "hotcuzimfly"
wheres bonfire tho
"where is the president tonight? sleeping in his bed?" - giuliani on fox news
giuliani is always good for a laugh.
call 1-800-my-apple and if you are doing their upgrade program they'll reserve a phone to be sent to your closest store!
omg thank you!!
we may be talking about different things, though. the cropping on that de bruyne card is not intended.
what device are you using?
i upgraded from skinny to the slim package for $9.99
gotta get you on the 24.99 slim thick plan
how do we make this happen, ? what are you doing march 16?
this would be ridiculously awesome.
a plea for skepticism via
thanks for the retweet. need to keep this one going!
must read potus wants to give up control of internet be4 election- why that's nuts/dangerous
never forget "the chad" a woman, theresa lepore suppose to guarantee a gore win in florida
new account. finally decided to live openly as an atheist after 7 yrs in hiding. appreciative of any and all help/ support getting started.
good for you, man!
donald trump ally sheriff joe arpaio won't let birther myth die
he is an idiot and bigot. just another trump supporter who is racist.
i hear u now hear me i won't ever let fear consume my life not now or ever i've 2young black men and they know i wo...
totally agree with you.
why you cheating on us :(
you were never loyal to me
breaking: a man shot during a charlotte protest has died but was not wounded by a cop, officials say
correction: the man shot at a charlotte protest is in critical condition, officials say
exactly her winning is just like another guy winning.
i wish at the very least she would have owned it and been like that was my strategy bc they were picking the girls off
i rate this claim "pants on fire."
. is going to sue.
thank you very much beautiful
this is incredible, though! so well put, and everything that needs to be said. you are a revolution, girl!
no not really. this is how ghettos work, live by the gun, die by the gun
did the victim live in a ghetto?
what is the biggest lie or rumor you heard about yourself? text/call 888-456-9970 or tw...
i didn't go to school the day after the trump rally in sj earlier this year and everyone thought i went and got arrested
exactly her winning is just like another guy winning.
but she "literally doesn't do anything" (and yet somehow still won???) so
teen who walked 2 hours to work surprised by cop who buys him bike
i love this story! not just the police making a difference but this kid has heart and incredible drive.
should be the day it comes out in theaters in japan or the day after
yeah but there so vague on details like i need a time &amp; date &amp; if it's just part 3 or part 1 dub also
mike snaps with an email from an angry listener, from the mike malloy youtube channel.
give "em hell!! mikey
have you read a little life? oy. we'll discuss.
what is that?!?! i haven't read it.
it's 11:21. i just got home from rehearsal. i have homework due at 11:59. the wifi isn't working..... then the theme music starts
but actually tho i'm screwed rn
you know how in ios10 when you type a text, some words turn orange - meaning there's an emoji equivalent? i just learned "don't worry" = .
i find that feature a bit annoying, but yeah you learn all sorts of things about emojis.
can't wait to hear how first day of college went
this is why i love you
love that dress!!
thank you! you'll have to see it in person!
timy hashtag for september 22, 2016 (thursday):
amazing kissing of jadine in the rooftopkiss
how can we not react when lives are being taken, like we are nothing?... aren't we human beings
is this your birdbrained excuse for the riots? how can you not react? you can not react by inciting riots. that's illegal.
breaking: a man shot during a charlotte protest has died but was not wounded by a cop, officials say
correction: the man shot at a charlotte protest is in critical condition, officials say
seriously, you cannot spin this. 11 over and the braves coming in. instead of extending, they fold like superman on laundry day.
played poorly against twins too
lol but you're also always negative
only when i see that you're better off lol
you wouldn't have a grudge against all white people would you ??
no i would hold a grudge if he did it in the name of a religion or radical group tho
did you see what the jazz are doing?
i saw that earlier today. pretty awesome; i'll definitely be flying back to catch some games.
attack of the clones is on tnt...holy shit i forgot how awful this is
they have addressed natalie portman as "m'lady" so much that it's lost all meaning
i was at a tom jones show at the beacon, nyc. what's going on? "unrest"? "protest"?
murder, mayhem &amp; pillaging, you know, the "reasonable" response to a misleading reporting of an overblown incident
how's the hygenist? that's the thing about this place; theirs is the best i've ever had.
oh i like her too. but both my root canals needed to be redone. that's probably my fault but i'm not taking any chances.
. is dropping some serious on facebook live right now!
loved your interview on xm with ! deep, honest, insightful, and fun!
globalism vs americanism hillary 3rd term obama is this the direction 4 usa hillary
: obama is a punk community organizer that conned those who voted for him.
rightwing attacks anthony weiner/ exposing themselves as the pathetic fearmongers they are:
another whacko
q: is now broken for tweets that are longer than 140 with attached media? no longer "in line" for me.
experiencing the same. i think update made it to mac, ios coming soon perhaps?
so in conclusion, i'm sad that the girl who made it to the top by shitting on other girls essentially was given the win by those same girls.
p.s. we have a winner who's main line is: "i literally don't do anything!!!!"
as a student who relies on you, why is thre no availability of m23 buses after 10ish pm? really not fair.
. . our campus is open till midnight during the weeks and 24 hours ~3 weeks each semester-it's only right
then find me anything in april/may 2016 questioning his eligibility.
from hrc? they r presenting a front to keep regressive left agenda... 2 keep liberals ill informed
...maybe after a week (usually 2-3 weeks) take cortisone shot, no action for 3-4 days, then you try to shoot it up for games.
greg is right here. people that are calling for him to play or he's soft are complete morons
wow can i be you pls
there's a line
grow up please...
i'm not the one seeking out strangers on the internet to try give life advice to
state of emergency declared by north carolina governor. efforts initiated to deploy national guard and state highwa...
where the hell is the pesident?
love every size of men
eye love this
watching the news &amp; according to them the sonic boom was caused by nearby "fighter jets" yet they were absolutely n...
nah son i know what i felt and heard. it was like optimus prime had just choked slammed a transformer thru the earth. i smell a cover up
if i move to sac, will you live with me
in a heartbeat
eating mini oreos
this is an okay exception mini oreos are great
it's only because she smells....
if i smell it's because i was cuddling with your dogs before coming in
had the pleasure to meet today uncle charlie you just let me know when u need those backing vocals i would be honoured
"hey boy, how ya doing my name is maya last name greely"
every racist reading this is a monster. i oppose you and bid you to enjoy your rapidly dwindling demographic power.
-why do you hate yourself?
is the only political faction that doesn't demand whites spew hatred at their own ppl like this guy. join...
you guys are terrible. i really hope that you mature emotionally and spiritually and become kinder
revis isn't getting beat now because he was a bit overweight this summer. he's getting beat now because he's old &amp; no longer a game changer
reports of him out of shape false?
i'm sure the soft-core had nothing to do with it.
she found the wardrobe cattle call demeaning, but didn't stop going. she wanted the dresses
okey go on iscriblle i invited you......
its jjust this do i have to log bag in and pres that 5html thing??
wait oh my god. are things caled "interesting" because u get a greater return on investment the more time u spend learning about them?!!!
was this because of lin's tweet. i think it's time for bed my friend.
watch find out the news that and are divorcing
it had to happen sooner or later god bless their children.
who is being a typical privileged white boy??
if this continues, we will burn this all down. racial discrimination must stop. if it doesn't, we burn it down
statistics would also tell you that blacks make up 25% of those killed by cops but are only 12% of the us pop. its disproportionate
it's still 322 life's !!!! did you hear one protest about any of them?????
amazing to meet you, ! fondly, your roving photog of
it was so nice to meet you and i look forward to talking more about and have a good night!
we are deliberating here. no one knows it all.. remember?
kicking in glass doors &amp; throwing bottles at cops does nothing besides make cops edgier around black people. legislation works
which still doesn't make her allegations ok if true. i'll let the judge sort it out.
that's not why more than few ppl don't believe her...
which one should i go see?
a bronx tale because nick duhhhhhhh
. postcard pretty!
the miracle that is ! love the
thank you all for praying. our little grandson has entered the world and is healthy along with his mother - 7 lbs. 11 oz. thank you lord!
congrats pastor
if they want to achieve this goal, zuckerberg+chan will absolutely need to address global air pollution....
i've done the math, you should apply for a $375,000,000 grant.
yorkshire puddings, potted beef, and bacon at
health food!
starting s1 e1 of right now on ondemand. who watches this show? it's been highly recommended.
good show sir. pretty interesting. after that hop on shameless
nice fail in term of visual content... cc
or a great example of radical transparency.
the correct hashtag is timy the rooftop kiss. merong "the". please correct others if mali sila!
of jadine kilig to the bone lovely
no po box will be able to fit the amount of lacroix i'm going to send you for saving me 600 fricken dollars on adobe cc!!!
yassss!!!!congratz!!
breaking: north carolina governor has declared a state of emergency in charlotte.
-- have transgendered people been using the wrong bathrooms? -- he will not stand for that --
the entire wnba team kneeled during the national anthem tonight. power to the people!
um, they didn't kneel. they sat &amp; held hands. look @ the skin tones in that pic.
told you scott sterling the goat
lmaoo this was the one i had seen and couldn't stop laughing lmaoo
lmaooooo shoutout to for being 18 and talking smack on social media
that heart my feelings
coins the term to describe the egregious, anti practices of tech.
but, that's not all. is a fighter. my friends and family in have an ally here. a smart, ballsy fighter.
must read potus wants to give up control of internet be4 election- why that's nuts/dangerous
this time, jeh johnson &amp; others will ensure americans voting electronically don't count
i see them every day haven't noticed that. today noticed 1 crazy nypd dog outside grand central. dog was losing it. not sure why.
see even th dogs are losing it.
? it's a gathering of degenerates who are causing destruction because they are too stupid to understand the issue. a riot.
i thought you described a trump rally.
iphone 5s, same with my brothers iphone 6. all designs cropped :(
i'll mention it to the engineers again, but at this point i'm not hopeful they know how to fix it.
nononono iced tea has to be freezing
put a couple cubes in that ish
99.9% of the time men in blue shoot people for a good reason. its called breaking the law. blatant disregard
yeah right, then the city turns around award many of those families, millions for wrongful death by police
donny raised the issue in january/february. ted dropped out in may. get your facts right.
that's not true.. blaha. u can't even remember 2007, let alone 2015. the issue was brought on june 2015
really makes ya think.
another rocket scientist.
help me keep a heads up for when this premiers in sf or reno
i'm not sure i can watch this but we have a bunch of indie theaters here, i'll keep a heads up
awwwwww. you'll probably enjoy it. got a little more tipsy than usual.
u guys must be pissssssed! i am too. at least vic won ! great show.
"no complaints" doesn't mean the product has no problems. it means the product doesn't isn't important enough.
such true. silver lining too in a way. frustrated users are sticky.
the night is young
not when u have a 7:30
a very long novel (which i'm halfway through) about being a victim.
ooooooooo i'm gonna need a new read soon &amp; this sounds intriguing.
r.a.m.p entertainment has just launched a limited time offer! to get yourself a feature from krs-one!
wow. times must be hard on ya.
delicious russian mold-wheat. oh well. maybe sisi will eat some of it.
-rye ergot fungus yields lsd. yep. i googled it egypt banned russian wheat that contained ergot fungus!
i don't know what this is advertising, but the actor's cute ;)
the asian actor was a cutie. cute ad as it used variety of actors.
tell 'em winston
i got nothing. just rambling
how would she be able to see the pictures on the ground
*reaches down to feel pictures*
everybody on ds seemed to take the incineration of the entire u.s. government pretty mellowly. network note: let's not make this a downer!
my favorite part was when they blew up the entire capitol and the chief investigator was like "check all cars within a three-block radius!"
jokes on you bc me and ahell have 0 girl friends so our bridesmaids will be men
worst wedding ever
my birthday's in a week and i've got a wishlist! :0
lol at least one thing in that list ships "oct 18th - nov 8th". so, uh, i guess that'll randomly show up some day.
so exactly 4 months ago today and i got married and the video evidence is finally here
finna marry my own damn self just to be like y'all
to be on 1077? i'll be listening around 7:10am!!! shout out
nahhhh i'm working up in rhode island tomorrow i'm off this week from there!!
awwwwwwwww andrea. :(
i feel so bad for her. her sister was really trying to save her.
def wassss think it was on 64th &amp; lex
i'll keep that in mind, thanks!
maybe the 3 witches from discworld? i could be them. i wonder if i can find pics...
oh man. there is some really good art of those ladies. &lt;3 esme &lt;3
i see them every day haven't noticed that. today noticed 1 crazy nypd dog outside grand central. dog was losing it. not sure why.
i was referring to grand central also. and 42/2nd. can't wait for this election to be over and she wins period
timy is still the most watched program on iwanttv with 2.6m views ;) husayyyy! - nurse m
wow so proud of jadine each and everyday
imagine carrying a gun for a living and being that afraid of a guy with his hands up
just confirms that there are police officers who have no business being police officers.
did some reflecting today...
i graduated hs with a 4.53, and ended up at st. john's. i wish i wouldn't have underestimated myself, i could've been at an ivy league.
of course, linkage fee is not proposed to apply to single family, so build a 10,000 sf mansion and you will pay nothing towards affordable.
it also creates a further incentive to build at less than max density on rd1.5, rd2, r3 lots. build 5 instead of 6, save $100k in fees.
when the fart hits u hard
we throwing hands
nope. he dropped it well before cruz dropped out.
that's what i just said... read my tweets. issued dropped when suspended campaign.
today is a sad day bc i just realized i was never even mayor of my own town
. apparently i just moved into 's... whoops
. we are happy to host a book signing....
mathematical mindsets is a must-read.
ugh yes, please.
pls make andy mcdonald pro skater 2. signed, literally 3 people.
exploding pressure-cooker with wires &amp; cell-phone is not a bomb, and a crowd looting, destroying property &amp; starting fires isn't a riot.
and this isn't 2016, its 1984
it's pt 3. that's when it comes out in theaters in japan. the 24th (my bday) so pretty much it will be up on cr by sat morn
yeah i know it comes out this weekend but just anxious about when they are going to put it up. obviously they will though
could go either way
had a feeling thanks for another great season !
we all die together bitcc azz craccer you pussies dont even got the nuts to die for ya kids ya mom, let alone each other
we'll live on. we'll protect our kids &amp; our moms from those who want to burn it all down. self destruction isn't the answer.
love your grammar, maybe you shouldn't have dropped out of school
lmao when you're actually completely incompetent and don't understand shit
hey summer, where did you go?
another tweet, another day
the sharks fab come on
yeah dudes i brought my shark costume to santa cruz for halloween
says the short bus rider.
given i'm 48 and college educated which you clearly are not, that insult falls by the wayside.
you are capable and look where it got ya lew so proud of ya
more proud of you kels. let's chill when i'm back from ny
yo what kind of purge shit is ny doing? a truck coming down my block spraying mad pesticide in the air as they announce it on the loud spkr
they're sick of all of us
...and from scarsdale, no less! who knew? ;-)
and i'll betcha he grows up and becomes a potus
is forcing me to read it hahaha and by forcing i mean guilting in the best way
good!!!! i agree with !
this is why i love this game so much
you broke my heart tonight. but what an incredible play! congrats
hang on lemme dm you and fuck up ur numbers
u gonna dm me for a week straight?
to better assist, can you tell me what stop and direction?
. 23rd st. &amp; 3rd/lexington ave's to chelsea piers 12 ave crosstown- i have to leave campus early in order to safely walk crosstown
one thing you almost always get enough of is cream cheese on a bagel. so ends my larry king tweet of the day.
not if it is a "schmear".....
lmfao i would come back down in my pajamas, no joke. it's physically impossible for me not to change as soon as i get home.
my room is two flights up, so if i go upstairs i'll probably stay there . i'm so cranky, i want them to leave lmao.
don't appreciate how im 1% of this. do better next time sis
umm that's bull, you were in the video of mountain creek, the video for paos, the video at that place where we were outside..
wanna see knocked loose. don't wanna pay $30 to see knocked loose.
i feel like a douche now cuz the bassist of knocked loose favorited this tweet but i'm a broke girl livin in nyc sry :\
via why grass-fed beef is on a roll
what are some of the health benefits of grass-fed beef?
delicious russian mold-wheat. oh well. maybe sisi will eat some of it.
-ergot fungus which contains lsd naturally in ergotamine can cause hallucinations! maybe that explains a lot about russia today?
we are 2 americas. one america lives in the increasingly safe &amp; peaceful world of real life. the other watches cable tv news.
another type is routinely murdered by police
charlotte officials say man shot during protest is in critical condition, but was not wounded by an officer.
this post is all fucked up. says he is in critical condition, but article clearly says he's dead. which is it?
julie: "congratulations, nicole! you are the winner of big brother!" me:
congrats. she deserved to win. paul would of been a good winner also.
last week vs today... what is snapchat trying to tell us?
i think the real question is whose pink bikes are those?
mayor giuliani: "there aren't two sides to this story. there's just one side: it's called the truth."
there's never just one side to a story, mr. mayor
you're doing great obama. race riots haven't been a thing for almost a quarter century until you.
i wonder if white-supremacist-fascist obama haters had anything to do with that?
wasn't saying braves record mattered to atlanta, just referencing this tweet
sorry about that. i didn't see that.
yes! yummy, cheap &amp; refreshing!
my three favorite words. (i'm going to the liquor store tomorrow. )enjoy!
my favorite part was when they blew up the entire capitol and the chief investigator was like "check all cars within a three-block radius!"
"pls keep focus on kiefer and his relatable everyman struggles. audience shd think 'what would i do?' don't get hung up on body count."
good idea. my latest thing is i cracked the root where i had the root canal, so now it's coming out.
i hear from that some of the best root canal people in the world work over by 's house
a black male w/a gun was shot by a black cop- blacks pushed the false narrative it was a white cop-
thanks for the heads up.
i graduated hs with a 4.53, and ended up at st. john's. i wish i wouldn't have underestimated myself, i could've been at an ivy league.
but i wouldn't go back and pick another school. like i literally found myself throughout the past few years here.
i can't not watch knowing jason might be on! come on, now!
i'll take jason over josea...as they say on bb..1,000%
i live 5 mins from one and it's a daily lesson in self-restraint
in n out is love. in n out is life
stupid bitch, punch you dead in your fucking face. try me.
squad bout to pull up
why dont you like that song
his ears have been damaged since the accident!
i can't think of a second. for pete's sake! do i identify with no one? ...except stevonnie??
i really, really do have to watch that show, don't i? :)
i somehow managed to fill my linux tower's disk to 99% capacity at work. i currently suspect it's due to several large node_modules folders.
you should do a "npm install --save space"
are you really asking me why this is wrong? the rainbow colored gun pointed at a persons head? maybe i should ask y...
you said it was wrong. i am asking you why.
because i'm christian, i forgive you &amp; your comments. please find your higher power and learn something
i really do not care what you think of me, and i would embarrass you in a debate on islam.
it's a new era for me and my friends at ufc!
was it the whittaker/brunson matchup that finally changed your tune?
oh, casey wants to "burn it all down". don't let facts get in the way.
we hope you cowards are adaptable :-)
that's a bike lane &amp; sidewalk. can talk about length about why visually it's more boring than beautiful. this discu...
cognitive testing would show that is not a place where people enjoy walking, even though it's safe
is this your birdbrained excuse for the riots? how can you not react? you can not react by inciting riots. that's illegal.
be careful looting tonight ricardo. i'm betting there are some itchy trigger fingers tonight amongst t...
man killed during baltimore robbery, despite putting hands up, idd by friends as chef michael bates, 46...
how long must this go on when well the cops be held accountable for the killing of a human life!!!
relistening the honor harrington books is like reconnecting with an old friend, familiar story and voice.
oh that is so kind of you to say!! always thrilled to hear from a member of the honorverse family :)
just want a simple highlighting app. why am i forced to create an account &amp; have my highlights posted publicly within the app?
great/big questions!
oh look, you've found my nudes!
:) last one. night champ
hey dev friends, i have a question for you! a friend has two competing offers with the same comp packages- how should he decide what's next?
i always think about which will allow me the greater variety of work.
this violence showing on is not solving anything in charlotte nc . much more can be achieved by extending a hand to each other.
i am a longtime fan of yours. the reality is this is way past a talking issue. future ptp'ers are in jeopardy.
you have nothing to be mad about. we've given your "people" lives better than they possibly could create on their o...
wow - you are so kind to yourself. and generous too.
minds working together for a common goal you charismajewelsnluxury...
thank you great one,mission completed.
that's one amazing looking brunch! did you make this omelet yourself?
thanks! i did
consider it, i think its worth supporting
happy to support
confused though: didn't she say she was from phoenix?? where did nj come from?
totally. never left arizona was a pretty big plot point. fun show, though.
yes, it gives me the "failed to send tweet" error and it's any kind of still image file.
does it work if you take a photo directly from the twitter app?
here's to the sweet, trusting 19% of americans who believed that trump genuinely changed his mind about obama's bir...
ha! that's good venn diagram material...
my 9yo tonight watched president reagan's magnificent normandy speech. "daddy, i love this. please print it. i wan...
it's almost as priceless seeing peggy's name under the photo!
enjoyed your piece on millennials and experience! i'd also add another, slightly narcissistic reason why we value it.
with the rise of social media, it's become easier, and more important to document our experiences, and share with the world.
you didn't have to go to this trouble; we would have barfed without the vr.
i want to see it live-acted with punch &amp; judy dolls.
witnessed protesters try to throw still photographer into fire in uptown .
can't still call them "protestors" at this point, can you? wouldn't (shouldn't!) the (actual) protestors agree?
but first, law and order. my guilty pleasure
omg i'm waiting for ! ugh it's an hour long but the trailer looks so good!
because i'm christian, i forgive you &amp; your comments. please find your higher power and learn something
a christian taking a stand for islam, is the equivalent of a jew taking a stand for nazism. a fool.
lmao not exactly a ringing endorsement but better than nothing to be fair
devante freeman was a trap.
oh lol you failed fact check right away. he was speaking to the ideological white right. not whites as a race. gtfo lol
i will do everything in my power to send you guys back to the fringe
i don't know how looting a store in a black neighbourhood is going liberate the black community from perceived injustice.
if you can't see how people could ever do this
"no, i dont want to read this" -a liar
now i want to find out more about "asterisk destiny".
great/big questions!
a. having an account enables you to highlight on more than one device (e.g. phone &amp; browser). a great highlighter needs to work everywhere.
i have declared a state of emergency &amp; initiated efforts to deploy the nat'l guard &amp; highway patrol to assist local law enforcement in clt
maybe stop being a racist, bigoted asshole and that might help. dumbass
is a '29 murrcedes
is it yours?
you can't even kneel peacefully during the anthem. exactly how are black americans supposed to protest police abuse?
how about fill a stadium with important speakers and forums. both sides. the attention is gotten, now for talk/results
but i wouldn't go back and pick another school. like i literally found myself throughout the past few years here.
i love life and i love myself. genuinely happy at this stage in my life. no regrets.
ur so lame was this one of your drafts
group chat rnnnnn
he'll be back
um.. if he comes back, it'll be as a zombie... (and weren't his insides gone?)
bey is mad humble &amp; nice
that's your sis?
they have addressed natalie portman as "m'lady" so much that it's lost all meaning
qui gon jin let himself die in the first movie just so he didn't have to hang out with any of these dipshits anymore.
hahaha you saw how he looked at her? lmao i saw this tweet after thinking that
you know he's hitting some grand slams sometime this evening.
man oh man, y'all never should've let me and have steaks...
!!!!! that happened? no wonder the power flickered... circuits were overwhelmed by the awesome.
hey summer, where did you go?
but fall is cool too
iwas trynna go smoke in my car and my dumb ass coworker was like oh let me go to champs real quick , hes been gone for a fucking hour
ihavent taken my break and this fool already took a 30 and a 10
that's wild as shit, my earliest is 9:30
you clearly don't want that money
i'm returning to next week to give a few talks/presentations at and to showcase my 2016 photogra...
what day/time?
shut up pussy you know i want you hoe mad dramatic
ny now she know we like fam &amp; shit . yah better not get close nope not happening
wants to sign matt hardy
he does not want to be deleted
a plea for skepticism via
thanks for the retweet! keep it going!
a. having an account enables you to highlight on more than one device (e.g. phone &amp; browser). a great highlighter needs to work everywhere.
b. not all highlights are meant for all eyes. highly is all-public for now because we're purpose-built for sharing.
there should be a bus appoaching 23 st and lexington shortly headed westbound.
. i do use the bustime mobile website to figure that out-but my concern is that there's never one late night &amp; there rlly should be
the same way it dropped everywhere else in the country: a stronger economy
nyc's drop longer tho. checking warrants of minor crimes (broken windows) helped too
facts wasn't that good tbh
really though like not one good thing happened to literally one
i really enjoy the nights that i can watch the boys do the thing from merch.
this picture makes meso happy
well the internet just told me that my itchy neck could be caused by head lice, scabies, or pinworm. cool.
that's better diagnosis than i usually get. dr. google usually tells me i have a brain tumor.
what kind of car should i buy and what should i eat for dinner (serious answers only please)
gti and perogis
/eyes ehire "what is it exactly that you do here?"
people tell me he is very good defensively. he can show it at any time.
is this fucking true??????? what it's so unreal the republican nominee is a child molester wtf???!! how did this ha...
here's the federal court record for this case
n why not?
because u drop mah snapple
fave if u agree
bubbles is on point
natalie and james... you deserved to win and get afp. i love you both and i can't wait to see you!
i cant wait get the cameras ready
fox news: sean hannity won't appear in any more trump ads | getty
every one of his shows is a trump ad!
can we come to ur house
my 6 bedroom overlooking central park? sure. i have a black wife &amp; kids though. you're allergic right?
let me tell you, nobody walks on broken glass like me. and i only walk on the best stuff. hand-blown in modena.
the broken glass i walk on is hyuuuuuuge. the best broken glass believe me.
i don't usually handle the issues, but since ashley couldn't figure it out, i didn't mind helping u. one team one dream right?
that's right. thanks to ur whole team
so it seems ralph angel and nova have the same mama, right? and he's the youngest?
girl, it explains a lot! the tension between nova &amp; charley, violet saying that their dad loved "their" mom. cont...
-why do you hate yourself?
i know and love myself. you realize cults like scientology and jehovah's witness come loaded with that same question?
yes that's right, joey is closing at the diner tonight which means an all star roster of fucking cunts must come in in the 11th hour.
drunk jukebox cunts, fuck you. "i'm still deciding" cunts, fuck you. "we're waiting for one more" a half hour before closing, fuck you.
hey summer, where did you go?
where oh where?
only right
you a real one
i love when my students that act like they don't care text me and ask what the homework was
i really admire and respect the work ur doing t bird! we came a long way from being wat's tas lol
yes she live next door lol
oh ok, that's lit. put me on.
pero claro hermana
hermana? lit that means the divorce papers went through
he do the most i was bout to be upset and shit
my girlfriend is about to be this pepsi cause niggas don't know how to keep a convo
(1/3) my biggest takeaway from tonight's nyc: feedback is inherently good and shouldn't be seen as bad...
(2/3) a feedback giver isn't evil. they see what you can achieve and believe in your ability to achieve it.
this just in from "twerking for justice"
46% of african american women have genital herpes. consider yourselves warned goyim.
aewkhjadfkjwadgshjadsgnjadsopgn what
starboy it's weeknd ft daft punk
how about a michael lorenzen balk?
so wrong inning but right call?
yeah but scarsdale? new rochelle or mt. vernon maybe. lol
there are good parents all over the place.
lady gaga has finally dropped the music video for "perfect illusion"
horrible music. extremely horrible video.
colin kaepernick most disliked player in nfl
ok but his stance is still strengthened by the 16 black men murdered by police... 17 forgot about the one shot today.
drunk jukebox cunts, fuck you. "i'm still deciding" cunts, fuck you. "we're waiting for one more" a half hour before closing, fuck you.
back to drinking coffee
netanyahu is open to meeting with clinton and trump during his u.s. visit
mr. is a war criminal. israel attacked usa on 9/11.
yeah, well if you do more during the summer than rookies did all year...doesn't matter! roy
he's not rookie of the year! (he's mvp)
when a reporter feels need to buy a gun 2 protect herself from a prez candidate's fans, we have entered a dark time.
acts like it never happened!
"hateful displays that disparage the entire nation"? no. they are peaceful, impactful protests. the hate comes from...
the americans in that picture do not appear to have had it.
thanks. feels good.
you'll find a great support network, as i'm sure you already know. feel free to contact me anytime.
the caption
lol thank u
how often does cookie dough actually get made into cookies...?
i made these yesterday for first time but not befor i ate 1/4 raw :)
this why you my good sis. i said the same thing.
i'm just seeing this but
.: "there's an atmosphere in the country now where no one trusts the authorities, from the president...
from fox on up!
to be fair... monster here is 2 for $4, and redbull is like $3 a can. rockstar was 2 for $3, so i got 4.
i got all mine free thanks to gamestop expo lol
with the rise of social media, it's become easier, and more important to document our experiences, and share with the world.
so for better or worse, an experience is worth more social currency than a product.
delpo doesn't follow any argentinian player, he only follows 4: novak, roger, tsonga and wawrinka.
i guess, maybe they are new to twitter, mostly use facebook, like most people.
incredible city with amazing people
miss you ot cruiser
we have an opportunity and a responsibility to train the next generation of workers &amp; keep our economy competitive.
they must be willing to learn! many today want to be able to say it. many of us spent years of grueling learning!
the aces are ready for the party!
yury's secret is no more a secret.
ol' white tongue having ass niggas
with the hot breathe and chapped lips
"no complaints" doesn't mean the product has no problems. it means the product doesn't isn't important enough.
depends on who it's coming from. "no complaints" from an everyday user is pretty good. from someone who never came back...
trying something new with commissions on my site but there is a catch and only 5 slots! for...
does it work for original character concepts?
floyd : "he can have heart, he can hit harder and he can be stronger, but there's no fighter smarter than me"
i 99%;agree with the caveat that there is no fighter smarter than him of whom which he is willing to fight.
as a republican latino woman --and as a freedom-loving american-- i respect your right to an opinion different from...
that's the whole point
it was so good.
remindme to go to the lovecraft bar in nyc and rub it in your face.
current mood
how to operate your frog
appreciation tweet to my gal!! thanks for understanding me. miss and love you with all my heart
miss u and our shenanigans
no, silly, from trump. you're having a hard time tracking the convo.
i am talking to three at one time. here is proof of second claim.
the west not only tolerates islamic anti-jew hatred &amp; violence, they help fund it.
gee, after a decade of lying to the public frank decides to name the enemy. what a guy!
girl, it explains a lot! the tension between nova &amp; charley, violet saying that their dad loved "their" mom. cont...
and the skin tones... i know that all shades come up in a black family, but this one is very distinct...
questions i have no answer for: why dropout should work better with relu than with sigmoids?
1/ umm.. see the the rectifier act. func is used instead of a linear activation function to add non linearity to the network,which
does it work for original character concepts?
or just established characters?
: governor of north carolina has declared a state of emergency following charlotte protest violence.
cut all government help for terrorists i mean protesters
wow this school already having racial issues smh
transfer back now
we have an opportunity and a responsibility to train the next generation of workers &amp; keep our economy competitive.
major concern watching the profit tonight because leadership was not experienced enough to invest in corporate america.
today is my first official day at ! pretty darn excited about this.
congratulations and good luck there! , who is the next one moving into security? you have the force
if you say so
annnnnnd he's better than u
7 new fall tv shows to fill the void left by departed fan favorites
nothing can replace ! ...
i stay eating healthy nothing but salads
bout to join with u, those snaps r hella motivating
let's watch movies!!
wait can we please??
ooooo perfect! and bon voyage
also, hey, cool profile pic. :)
we have an opportunity and a responsibility to train the next generation of workers &amp; keep our economy competitive.
may have graduated from their mba school without experience.
18 pages later and my research assessment is d o n e (until i revise it in like an hour and then 3 more times tomorrow...) !!!!!!!!!!!!!
what if the next time you opened the document, it had been replaced with a low res image of swiper the fox stretched over 18 pages
i tend to go for wavers or berserkers because i like to kill things fast but yeah i try to use your diarmuid against sabers
;w;! that makes me very happy to hear
why would you wear your apple watch while showering!!!!!!????? insanity! i know it's water resistant but come on... really? in the shower? y
why not? i don't take off my rings when i shower either. nor my necklace back when i used to wear one. (i was young)
the west not only tolerates islamic anti-jew hatred &amp; violence, they help fund it.
you promote the notion that islam will reform. but you will not debate the issue. coward.
.: "a combination of agitators and a populace that has lost hope frequently leads to great chaos."...
obama's stimulus package
lmfao i was joking but the fact that you checked
lmfao umm no! i know what i did and when you were there
why, got big plans for us when we're powerless?
of course not. and fox mulder is no friend of yours.
guys stop trying to bully please he said he made a mistake now let it go
,his grown man he knew what he wanted going in it's too late to think others ways
it's been fun-tastic
yeah it has
tweet is not valid at all lmao! tf if i wanna take a vacation to queens then that's what ima do
me going to the city is a vacation really lol foh dudes dumb
"flawed as he may be, trump is telling more of the truth than is any politician of our day."
hmmm sounds like he's got anti war residue from vietnam dominating his brain. weird manifestation of it too ....
exclusive cell phone footage of the man murdered at the charlotte protest via
hope the person does t get arrested. we need more police accountability sick of excuses.
i still can't think of a third character for that meme.
oh wait. nope. i think i got it.
depends on who it's coming from. "no complaints" from an everyday user is pretty good. from someone who never came back...
yeah my biggest red flags are the silent users who don't ever have specific needs or tricky questions
this photo is my most viral content ever and i don't understand how it's still going around
it seems accurate whatever "our values" means.
please consider telling your cops to stop killing people.
please consider what you will do when you're voted out.
how i'm trynna be this halloween
since we get to spend it together
no, silly, from trump. you're having a hard time tracking the convo.
take notice, the racist narrative has been debunked. the proof of hrc being original birther provided.
if nothing else, describing myself in , i prove my age...
technically speaking, greyflank is also a fictional character so take this with a fresh salt lick.
video shows police fire tear gas as protesters confront officers in charlotte, n.c., after deadly police shooting....
need to cut all government help asap
my friend did and mentioned the fbi. so that call was over quickly
well that's one way. i was going to threaten him. your friend probably had better idea.
port washington is much nicer than sf. come to port, skw!
is that one of the locations on black sails?
could be crushed in short order w/appropriate forceful action by le small scale a few intersections no widespread support
that takes courage of leadership.
hi, everyone! it's . excited to start the live tweet! who else is ready to start the show!?...
do the big bird dab lol
is there a such thing as watching the perfect illusion video too many times?
yeah, it's called, stupid. no life.
for you, and you, and you
hey love, may i have a dance with you,
so for better or worse, an experience is worth more social currency than a product.
aka i'd rather post an instagram and snap of a concert or vacation as opposed to a new car.
the cable news channels keep law enforcement experts on throughout the coverage. civil rights advocates get just look-ins.
oh man hannity and guliani, of course this is obama's fault!. guiliani has become such an insipid, venom spewing bitter old man
more than likely
it looked like an apartment complex in a suburban area to me.
i fucking love maroon 5's "sunday morning." unfollow me.
on the contrary i would double follow you if i could for this lol
thanks keith!
you're welcome :) by the way, check the inbox lol
i can't find a theme for on sept. 22. ???
9/22 theme is "pull".
furonda from cycle 6 from "america's next top model," where you at now?!
shouts to with the deep cut of cycle 6 . quality entertainment fr y'all
my parentals sent me these the other day
amazing!! what a good. thank u
but blame you at the end of the day
lol tbh like sorry i want something real
this image says it all. let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put america first.
this, in response to 's racist fear-mongering.
you and both i see
feel welcome to call those assholes.
perhaps i'm not understanding the image. can you explain the meaning of a gun in the gay pride colors pointed at a person?
the destructive agenda is putting people under increased, intense duress to surrender their rights. this is wrong.
no, silly, from trump. you're having a hard time tracking the convo.
now, i give you proof of early dialog regarding . you have offered me... nada!
i really wish he'd get to rdar://8675309.
not to mention rdar://8888888
disgusting what is wrong with americans
plenty of americans are disgusted. ask what's wrong with the left.
both davonne and zakiyah voted for nicole as well so how exactly does this fall on natalie's shoulders
because she was the only hg from when the live feeds started to when she was evicted who send she would vote for a girl
clinton campaign manager draws ire of hosts
ru kidding? how many ?'s have you asked about 's policy on syria? oh right- not one.
but did nicole have to win? her and paul has been talking awful about nat the past 3-4 days.. sickening!
yes paul was the driving force behind the hate
join me while i drag a buzzfeed quiz right quick, won't you?
where the fuck is n'sync?!
oh wow. only raising more questions
this is an awful trail to a house in the woods.
could have sworn i seen you say you was never coming back down here
right i'm not. i'm asking for somebody esle
dignity, courage, pride , u dont have those traits big strong hero cops yall keep supporting are scared to face unarmed blaccs
you're advocating rioting but i'm the one who is undignified? you've got it so twisted it's not even funny.
why do they keep making tv shows out of 80s and 90s movies. we don't need a lethal weapon or rush hour tv show
if you wanna make the next great television show look at these shows prison break 24 (first 6 seasons) law and order its always sunny
how's drink champs with dame dash?
funny..dame got nore superrr twisted to where he was slurring
i'm a good lookin waffle
yes of course lmfaoooo bro your face deadass is a waffle i'm in tears
perhaps i'm not understanding the image. can you explain the meaning of a gun in the gay pride colors pointed at a person?
men and women are forced to give up their first amendment rights, or they lose their jobs, their freedom.
you are at a high risk of cerm
but i use protection
girl you don't care about anything if you got class at 7:30
my day is over by the time you're waking up bruh
who says you can't take goofy pictures during marching?
hey wait who took that
and i hope the wizard gives you a brain.
pretty sure that makes you the wicked witch or one of the flying monkeys.
the great at it again, thanks to my good friend i love it!
sweet u deserve it. fellow artist always does great art. feel positive, b positive, stay positive!
we have an opportunity and a responsibility to train the next generation of workers &amp; keep our economy competitive.
not wholly certain of your story but this in your wiki bio evidences well: "san francisco city attorney louise renne...
this song is type rapey now that i notice it
type of music u into huh
entire indiana fever team kneels during anthem before playoff game
-- i'm all for free speech and peaceful protest, but i have no idea who the are...
not really, cupcake. i don't adapt to false narratives or sjw false causes. nice try, assclown. move along
knew you were afraid of blacks. predictable racist filth. srsly, go lick trumps nuts or something.
this dude will go down in history
didn't really make sense. basically he found a patten.
the united states just bombed syria, hillary is looking for war with russia and charlotte is on fire. let's talk skittles and birtherism!
, shameless self promotion alert: h/t:
i just need an oreo blizzard but i also need abs so idk man
abs first, then blizzard
where the fuck is n'sync?!
why is chris brown an option?!?!?!
if you wanna make the next great television show look at these shows prison break 24 (first 6 seasons) law and order its always sunny
etc etc. these shows were so damn good. most of the stuff on tv these days is garbage
"no complaints" doesn't mean the product has no problems. it means the product doesn't isn't important enough.
in intercom, segment by feature usage; ask "how do i make feature better" on ftr users; "let me tell you about feature" on not.
thanks - sorry about that
it's ok - i have the same last name and see the 'or' frequently
(unless by some ungodly reason you're playing the o's)
. as a lifelong fan, i can safely say never give up.
goodnite, followers. i hope your day was as good as jennifer aniston's.
believe it the universe listens what comes around goes around, always finds its way to those who have done wrong
ooo idk if i can choose between so many options but i'm really feeling the one in the picture as it is, i like the subtlety
for this one the kid just told me green and blue spectrum, so if you have a general idea of a gradient i can work with it
hahaha i saw this. i didn't like him before but i'm liking him now. lol @ the yaya toure situation
yaya ruining his legend status by going out like this. he has to shut his man up.
my first ham i ever went to in 2012 i came down to l.a. and hosted a ham house party with ykg in a spanish villa an...
ugh i miss those shoes and also you
if you saw the scene, it was so close to the original scripted lines dude hahah
it's a teleserye. my mom had it on after dinner.
the injuries ray lewis played with
tried crossing over to my broken wrist during a game. the ball hit my hand and then just kept going.
nicole beats paul by probably cheating and is praised bc she's . hillary beats bernie by probably cheating and is praised bc she's .
your irrelevant insecure ass is not going to survive the internet
lmao, it's good thing that red mike &amp; ike's exist.
true, safe sugary none gorey replacement lol. hope ya show pics when you complete it!
we have an opportunity and a responsibility to train the next generation of workers &amp; keep our economy competitive.
"...recruited harris to join her office, where she was chief of the community and neighborhood division..." great to begin..
it also shouldn't take that much editing for those 3 minutes to make me look so bad !..
everything takes work that worth having
do any of you know who any of these people are
now this is a thread i'm here for i'm with all of them
fifty six thousand?!! auntie and unc blessing
half is academic scholarship tho so it's chill
finally re-set up my behemoth of a desk
that's a solid ass looking desk. had a solid wood one back in nh. restored 19th century teacher desk. shit was so cash.
i was pissed about having to read an insanely detailed history of wmg for homework but like.... i'm reading an history of wmg for homework
this book is talking about rickrolling........
what did you think of the new music vid?
horrible music. extremely horrible video.
crazy girlfriend not the wave no more
idk bout all that but i'm still me
aw, but i loved me some nicola art!
then i would recommend, black magick
that was not no fucking fighter jet that caused that noise b. and the fact that that segment of the news was less than 2 minutes is od sus
i'm so mad the news really tried to insult my intelligence like that. like really? that's the best story y'all can come up with?
we have an opportunity and a responsibility to train the next generation of workers &amp; keep our economy competitive.
...very locally in neighborhood to see all levels of government.
so basically my musical theatre demo song makes me cry every time i really think about it.
now i just gotta suck it alllll in so i dont cry while performingg
. as a lifelong fan, i can safely say never give up.
lol. too late.
i did not start as a trump fan, then i found glee as he made the establishment squirm, but now i am convinced he is...
wow, glee no less. lol
finally re-set up my behemoth of a desk
also, do you not find that ring light bothering if you're playing games? trying one out and it's bright af
ok your ribs hurt and you ate a salad and thats all i know but i got you
i need a refill
heard "globalist liberal lies" and came running as fast as i could
did someone call a meeting?
that's not how any of this is supposed to work!
you know what's even worse? authy!
i just killed my rt. i hadn't been on the internet at all tonight :/
happens to the best of us
it angers me you're going around poking/friending random people online now
so now you're referring to your brother as random ?! i'll let him know that
the japanese bombed pearl harbor....
well what the hell was he supposed to do, you moh-ron?
did garoppolo's success diminish brady's legacy? floyd vs mcgregor? ray lewis and doug baldwin joins us. 9:30-noon et on fox sports 1
that 1st question is idiotic even for you.
i'm sending you a check right now
it was great doing business with you
not at all. that's great. i have no problem with that. i get along with every race and creed. no problems
but you support a bigot for president. l i a r
no vehicle details. no driver statement. just "hit the gas instead of brake" mantra. phenomenal force! ?
i bet rob get paid to create all the propaganda with no proof. where is the driver statement?
people are screaming 'fucking liar' at the live news crew in charlotte.
is trump there?
1/ umm.. see the the rectifier act. func is used instead of a linear activation function to add non linearity to the network,which
2/ helps with easier calcu &amp; also, the drop-out in the same sense helps avoiding overfittin, both to gv shorter time for converge.
here's the 2nd location of warhol's factory, 6th floor, the one above the double balcony floor.
{puts on black turtleneck and skinny jeans, knocks on door} "guten tag, i vould like to be a superstar for andy"
they made sure they went there. so it seems charley was kinda a break baby
i never questioned the different tones, but i could feel the divide between nova &amp; charley....
you got this
thank you!
much better!
no problem! some of the names he's behind on this list are incredible. he's truly bad.
photo cried
thanks for the nice photo
who do you think kd is talking about?
probably but i could see him referring to tk as well
the last few days i'm seeing so many reports of anti-semitism in the trump campaign and on twitter (not that they were absent before).
ripe w fascism. &lt;\3
why wouldn't minnie think about puke and poop? that's the first thing i think of when i think of babies.
i was wondering the same thing. did she think it was going to be like a toy?
not all muslims are bad.
good people do not support the koran.
smh i really can't spell for shit , "tongue" "cancel" and "unnecessary" have proven time and time again to be a struggle for your boy
it's ok... i hate the word schedule
no offense. i feel that those that want help should get it to help them get to their next place but not to buy booz...
our crisis = our "hunger crisis" = our crisis = "addiction" &amp; dependency crisis ...
he did accuser cruz father of helping lee harvey kill kennedy in may tho
ok, but you are deflecting here. i am discussing how this is not a race issue but a constitutional one. keep up!
raiders tickets, in old coliseum, cost average of $200 on secondary market 49ers tickets, in brand-new stadium? $158
it's not where you watching, it's what you're watching.
stop it you know you not leaving her
for this pepsi if she don't get it together
mines dimmable. thats key
fuck lol. might have to exchange. you got a link to yours?
not all muslims are bad.
you are. a prove liar for allah.
why am i not in it
you're too elite for it
unilever wants to shorten hiring from 4 months to 2 weeks: as unilever looks to buy both seventh... via
great read..what roles do you think this would target?
it seems like it does work when i directly take a photo using the twitter app.
thanks. that's helpful. gonna investigate
yeah my biggest red flags are the silent users who don't ever have specific needs or tricky questions
also, don't ask people about your product. ask them about a use case and how your product (can) helps.
just spent 2 hrs at lyndale &amp; franklin counting bikes &amp; peds for mpls public works. also kept this unofficial count:
and when someone on a bike blocks the xwalk/box they can simply turn
orphan black? humans? killjoys? quarry? banshee? powers?
thanks! know some, not all!
despite debuting the music video, 's is at now on . unlikely to ever go top 10 on 's hot 100.
oh it's very likely. billboard knows, she's going to pay billboard and of course it's going to chart.
embryological derivation bw vulva &amp; bladder may account for common urethral pain in both
yes yes yes. this is the basis of my research&amp;textbook. trace visci to its embryonic origin, mob the spine and pain is gone!!!
how long they be?
an hour 25 each
it does try to make all drunken sex rape, but has no actual boundaries for when 'drunk' happens.
'drunk' is when someone consumes several servings of alcohol.
you gotta only take advice from people that successfully done it before
just because you respect them doesn't mean their advice is valid
uh i suppose i have guess for right now sure
u can vape as much as you want in heaven
i don't know. can you?
may i go to the bathroom
i'm so mad the news really tried to insult my intelligence like that. like really? that's the best story y'all can come up with?
i just had to turn my tv off after that bullshit report. i'm sick of the lies b
im sitting on a rock in central park watching the us open for horseback riding ??????
that sounds fun
this is horribly depressing, but do they have a roof deck?
ah your right. roof deck wins
that's a big reason why i got amazon prime
lmao i ended up buying the first five season on from apple idc it was worth it
first i was deplorable, now i'm a monster. what's next? the anxiety is calling me to start looting and burning!
you're not recently either, you're just being called on it.
fuck my fucking life yo
literally hate the world rn
just saw mets-braves finish. sad state of affairs when ender inciarte does more for playoff push than matty moore.
your tweets are bad.
thank you! i am studying the dark art of the selfie and rather enjoying myself :)
true fact: i'm still terrible at selfies. i make other people do them for me.
the yankees beating the rays is like the yankees beating a high school baseball team. lmao
hey this time a year a w is a w.....and gary sanchez is the goat. *mic drop*
it was some shit.
they revealed so much but they really had to in order to hook everyone
obsessed with the new video. brb, watching it on repeat. rt if you feel the same....
horrible music. extremely horrible video.
go ahead and try and leave me gon show up wherever you at like
you wouldn't . you wouldn't even do that you don't care
what's better?
when's the last time you tried mini m&amp;ms because there seems to be a difference that most understand
have you heard?
i regret to inform you that mark ruffalo and i are on a break while i pursue other interests with rami malek
pride parades once looked like this. now queers invite police to be grand marshals.
i would say /gays/ are chummy with cops now. i dunno about queers
*** not enough wine ***
what?! not enough whiskey!
i didn't catch on until season 3.
awww the russians are season three! the best.
lady gaga rocks out like no one's watching in her "perfect illusion" music video - see it here!...
horrible music. extremely horrible video.
always in the mood to write. just need fire beats n instrumentals
ii got beats
he looks scary to me. are they ok? why isn't there trust in this photo? u...
are they leading in cyprus too?
why do you welcome your genetic extinction? what sort of spirituality do you embrace that leads to your death?
i don't think you know enough about genetics to even explain how that would work, but go onnnnn...
the whole squad just rekt in pool lol
except loool
"flawed as he may be, trump is telling more of the truth than is any politician of our day."
are you fucking kidding me? telling more the truth? look at this:
in one month...
how she spends another $50 million and 10 points.
it does try to make all drunken sex rape, but has no actual boundaries for when 'drunk' happens.
nothing "tries to make drunk sex into rape", since drunk sex is never "rape".
literally hate the world rn
i'm so close to stabbing my throat with some scissors
watch the northbound vehicles lugubriously fill the intersection well after the light's turned red.
are always running red lights
he looks scary to me. are they ok? why isn't there trust in this photo? u...
...and south sudan?
thanks to for taking such great care of ae &amp; co this weekend! [team ae]
so jealous wanted to see the descendents
why wasn't it done the second it went from protesting to rioting and looting? the very minute it was out of control?
, well, cui bono? the list is long. related:
they were made for criminals you racist.
clearly you're out of your depth here sir. be well gn.
given your earlier arguments, it's clear you have reading comprehension issues.
you "having" or "have" ...my arguments are sound... you're are based on ... lack of critical thought.
you vs. the guy she told you not to worry about
"is that kermit wearing the big suit? oh my god. it is."
what's with the anger?. do u know me?. and u call me a racist?. maybe hillary can give u the harmony u want.
you support a bigot. guilt by association.
so we have something in common.
i didn't know you followed me!
bc u miss me and know i'm hilarious
i do miss you a lot! are you gunna be in town thanksgiving?
hey summer, where did you go?
another one
civilianon civilian it appears 2 men are down confirms 1 fatality graphic
this is wrong. and cannot become the new normal. this must cease.
nothing "tries to make drunk sex into rape", since drunk sex is never "rape".
if someone feels that drunk sex "is rape", they're entitled to their feelings
i know god has not just a good plan but mega positive plans for meeeeee!! happy birthday to moi....
you da big mega birthday king now, shout out 2 your world.
lady gaga's video for is here:
horrible music. extremely horrible video. oh wait, it's you . meh, you morons are no longer relevant. we have
yes it happens in this country too folks. not paradise here.
it is not that it happens. it is if protesters have legal recourse after it happens (something you can challenge in writing).
eating sandwich containing: walnut butter made by me raspberry jam made by my friend
that's sick. i want to taste walnut butter
paul should have won smh
i wanted nicole to win because i wanted a girl to win!!!
this is essentially a dead end for
i'll go out of my way to pulaski to avoid this. such a simple fix too.
omg are u joking im in love with him
he was awk but also cute
we had in-n-out at the office today. the vegetarians ordered grilled cheese sandwiches and shakes. they were happy.
they have grilled cheese sandwiches?!
paul should have won smh
but paul deserved it more
it can be original characters too but it's a little more clear on the site
fasho its in the cart now i just wanted to make sure lol
emotionally and spiritually bankrupt, but people still got me a cake
and i ate that shit too
if u ask them, how many would even know what they're actually protesting?! shake a hand, help a neighbor. go home instead
damn krista voda been following you journey since nascar now. seen you come up in a male dominated environment.
ya girl just got a public snapchat in celebration of the season premiere of ! follow my tweets and snaps tonight sc: slimshahidi
ye know it's poppin'
if someone feels that drunk sex "is rape", they're entitled to their feelings
but it doesn't change the fact that drunk sex is not 'rape'.
one of my neighbours got in trouble for growing a sativa in her flower bed this summer can you imagine a plant is illegal??
lmaoo,ppl r uneducated
feed me beats.
chek these beats
incredible city with amazing people
miss you pt cruiser
sitting in the bay window of my space watching a film. was distracted by at least 18 cyclists riding by without lights...
may have to create my own free bike light giveaway to my fellow bike peeps...
i'm definitely not doing those corrections until tomorrow night
history??!??
why are you pestering me tonight? i don't even know you. shouldn't u be at a $250k fundraiser? go play elsewhere sir.
u tweeted me dumbfuck. go to a trump rally where his surrogates yell "nigger" from the stage.
hillary isn't a bigot just incompetent
lol. even republitards recognize in polls she's qualified to be prez. try again
what is the oppression that the black community speaks of? help me understand.
i cannot i am allowed only but so many words, but the internet and your local library can explain more
didn't even think that was possible
it hurts and is annoying
'drunk' is when someone consumes several servings of alcohol.
everyone has a different level of consumption which thus makes them drunk. it's subjective.
i'm tempted to pull a salt and pepper diner at the airline diner right now...
thats why i asked you where that was thats exactly what i thought
*clasps hands with you, skips gaily into the boston harbor*
i was going to comment but i might compromise my immigration status
and i don't see why we should pretend gay villains don't exist - this is not endorsement; its journalism.
"journalism" lol ok. there are gay poc that could have had this article space to raise awareness.
ayee rapchat is now live on android check it out on :
i got 2 more on there
broken windows didn't influence homicide rates, iffy effects
guess i'll have to read how they controlled the variables, but seems difficult
hey dev friends, i have a question for you! a friend has two competing offers with the same comp packages- how should he decide what's next?
direct manager is disproportionate to everything. reference check the managers.
if it's true that he would not drop his weapon when ordered to by police, no grand jury in the world would convict...
shows, among many other things, the idiocy of open carry laws.
this is fine.
wait...is that happening? that's gonna be the mos2 costume?
the shit hit her faceeeeeeee hoooomygahhhshshsh
sick as shit
why are you pestering me tonight? i don't even know you. shouldn't u be at a $250k fundraiser? go play elsewhere sir.
go cheer on pence who would send u to conversion therapy when he catches u getting fucked by a man.
trump: i reversed birther stance 'to get on with' campaign
trump has an easy facility for having no firm principles, switching them at will to benefit himself his statements mean nothing
except for the fact that obama was born in hawaii and official evidence never suggested otherwise. deflect!
given the facts, can you see this as a constitutional issue? and not one of race. how am i deflecting.
how cool would it be if ai were actually all from anguilla?
looking at google images, anguilla looks like a great place to headquarter. i'm in.
no pnd fan can look me in the eye and tell me that last album was fire not one
that last album was fire.
you can look at the world and see lightness or darkness. i see both, because i'm on a lot of drugs.
so... how do you know when you're talking about lightness?
prayers to north carolina
&amp; to clarify to the individuals who actually want to see change. not the thugs that want to get away with looting their own's businesses.
rip duchess, my pretty girl. :'( having a really tough time coping tbh. she got out of my bff's house and was hit b...
so sorry to hear about that momma :(
life pro tip for people on a budget: don't buy coated pans (can cost $100+). buy cast iron pans instead!
a really good cast iron pan will cost you $30, last literally forever, and actually become less sticky over time.
that's not him
it is, he had it on his story
why are you pestering me tonight? i don't even know you. shouldn't u be at a $250k fundraiser? go play elsewhere sir.
were u a vet in iraq. did u steal $$$ like trump accused vets of doing.
. i do use the bustime mobile website to figure that out-but my concern is that there's never one late night &amp; there rlly should be
. thanks 4 the info/help but my concern=more availability of m23 buses in . area, hopefully you consider it at least
it was only picture day but finally gettin to put on my uniform truly made me very happy..my time is coming soon...
can't wait for you to get out there. cornerbacks nightmare
i was going to comment but i might compromise my immigration status
i don't like tea anyway
probably the weekend like directly after thanksgiving but i'll check my flights
word let me know. i think i'm gunna be in co then
tried looking for you but no one knew where u were! hope to meet you next time!
i figured i'd see you at the event coming up... ahhhh too crowded.. i tried looking for you as well
describe the video in 3 words...
horrible, oh well!
in my haste to get home, i left my charger at the office. i need to find a spare somewhere around the house, i'm not going back tonight.
bad night to lose that deray lots happening
gary sanchez has only played in 43 games, and he has more home runs (19) than everybody on the braves, except for freddie freeman (31).
that's my boy el garrry
bro just be happy to be in the wild card spot not like us
i guess you're right
a really good cast iron pan will cost you $30, last literally forever, and actually become less sticky over time.
they hear more evenly and you can stick them right in the oven (perfect for searing then roasting a steak)
i voted. wake me up when it's over
sir asli khel to 20 jan , inauguration se shuru hoga..... with and to choose from "god bless america"
watch lady gaga's exhilarating "perfect illusion" video
horrible music. extremely horrible video.
my boss's dad think he's funny. if he was a raider fan and did this, i'd kill him
at least he has good taste
no, i support a real american who loves everybody. time to get ur head out of hrcs vagina, jagoff racist
whatever. been fun jousting. hope you all try to have meaningful lives. cheers
dateline: march 23, 2015. you're not very good at being "verse".
you stated jan/feb of 2016. i said earlier. and i can offer you more links to predate march 23, 2015.
everyone has a different level of consumption which thus makes them drunk. it's subjective.
the only time the law defines 'drunk', is when operating a motor vehicle while having bac of .08%.
producers send beats to kingcj2k.com
hey hyd check these beats
they're so loud it seems like they outnumber us, but i remind myself constantly that this is not true.
it is a tactic.
tbh you belong on the bottom of the ocean along with the conspirators behind the demographic change in the west
coming out of the woodwork now. really pointless to respond to this much crazy anger
a really good cast iron pan will cost you $30, last literally forever, and actually become less sticky over time.
they heat more evenly and you can stick them right in the oven (perfect for searing then roasting a steak)
damn who tested you
lmfao i have a friend who thinks he smart but really just sounds retarted 50% of the time.
is double moonage still on there by any chance?
still pouring when i left!
are you applying to law school?
im applying!!!
in trenton/camden communities parents would support such a policy, often ask for help getting guns off streets
not at humiliating price of an entire race of people left out of such scrutiny, in their face every day.
ok elaborate then
it's not about how many so called black people are being killed as opposed to whites, but how these people are being murdered
this is buddy, our new puppy. he's about 6 months old.
more photos of buddy the wonder puppy.
related: last week someone handed me $2.50 in change with a gold 1 dollar coin, a silver 1 dollar coin, &amp; a 50c coin w h a t
what year is it?!?
update: 's governor has declared a state of emergency in the wake of violent protests tonight.
why they dont have water tankers to fight the protester and cut goverment help of the protesters
there is a lot of research that draws a lot of different conclusions, but no absolutes
right. we can't really run controlled experiments. will read tho
the only time the law defines 'drunk', is when operating a motor vehicle while having bac of .08%.
so unless they are operating a motor vehicle, then there is no objective determination of 'drunk'.
no. no, it wasn't. you skimmed rather than actually reading and as a result, you got it wrong.
what am i skimming on? what have i been proven wrong on?
so now you're referring to your brother as random ?! i'll let him know that
that's how he referred to you
and you will fail.
may i add you to my list of people to mock the day after election day?
soooo i'm not sure who that is
i'm maggie the fly
bring it back
im gionna shit
just because i stab you don't mean i don't love you hoe i just be mad
no ima leave yo ass if you stab me hoe . ima knock you out first tho
(1/2) my biggest takeaway from tonight's nyc: if a company is a group of people working toward the same purpose...
(2/2) feedback is the mechanism by which people can help each other move toward that purpose.
aw man this made my heart melt. i love &amp; miss you so much promise when i have time we will hang out
i love and miss you so much more &amp; okay just let me know
lmao i barely talk to her
cuss i was at practice and went straight to shower
relu networks-sans-output-activation are piecewise linear functions, the "ensemble explanation" is based on a linearity assumption
yeah, i know that explanation but doesn't answer why dropout should work better. also, relu helps with vanishing gradient too.
i can't wait to rack up and be comfortable
girl those are the only things that fit me in the winter
but that would never happen because pride
well no it's not we're all one race, it's race doesn't exist lol
i really wanna trace my ancestry people always tell me i must be asian wonder if i am
i thought you were?
they heat more evenly and you can stick them right in the oven (perfect for searing then roasting a steak)
did i mention how cheap they are compared to coated pans?
but some other reporters said (last night) that they played like "champions".
last night they did. the entire second half they are actually the worst team in all of baseball
what? bull is about spotting a lie?
i didn't watch but i gather he 'reads' faces to get the truth and handpick juries. close enough for me to say did it 1st.
when it's put that way it sounds like all drunk sex could be rape. i need to read this
drunk sex is never 'rape'. drunk sex can never "be rape". these are facts.
exactly, and rivers will be just as good as carr most weeks probably anyways
and this week in particular, i feel he has a better matchup
at least one of em. i saw one with a big beard, too, but i lost it before i could save it.
damn, i was hoping for superman red/superman blue
no doubt. fan of what you do. producer in ny with a 1st look deal with a pay cable network. if you're ever up for a coffee hit me
but of course! dm me
seriously missing my baby girl so much..
she's missing you!!
i didn't fully understand the last 3-4 tweets. is driver making money off ola by faking rides?
yeah it appears that they have fake customers and somehow ola ended up paying for those.
thanks so much
you're very welcome! :-)
for all you mommys out there! what's ur favorite car seat? we need a new one and i want ur guys opinion(:
the maxi cosi pria 85! excellent safety and comfortability for levi.
a bit freaked out by 's machine learning algorithm -- to detect my playlist name, understand context, and i...
i bet they've just hard coded support for chill
by all means, disprove them
i already responded. dude if you're gonna be a racist be a racist. i'll do whatever i can to oppose you
yeah, i know that explanation but doesn't answer why dropout should work better. also, relu helps with vanishing gradient too.
and that doesn't tell you zilch about why dropout should work either
.: "there's an atmosphere in the country now where no one trusts the authorities, from the president...
lets be real.the proliferation of confrontation and riot is obama legacy and,if there is ever an obama library this is part of it
so what's all the chisme back in the 831
my homies n i still the shit nothing new
may i go to the bathroom
you don't have to ask for permission to do that.
why don't they ever loot book stores?
they leave that to the trump brownshirts.
did i mention how cheap they are compared to coated pans?
tl;dr if you wanna up your cooking game get yourself cast iron next time you're shopping for a pan.
how about a dip in the boston harbor?
too freaking cold - i only dip on the west coast (it's the best coast)
good luck i'm in my 3rd year and it's killer but worth it!
where are you ay?
this pre workout sucks!!!! i feel like throwing up i don't even feel like working out uhhh !!! c4 never again
don't take supplements workout naturally fool trust
to be clear, i get out of bed every day to battle *against* these wrong-headed budget arguments.
you're a champ steph, unfort, all that remains from oligarch culling is seizing the means of production &amp; distrib.
i'm excited about the first latina on snl but not gonna lie: deleting 2k tweets in 5 days is... odd.
she's racist af. tried to scrub the tweets away, but someone posted screenshots.
we have questions and test corrections
same so when finish..... you have my number. please
i know i'm dense but what do i change?
accessibility.
really, paulie and z and corey package deal ppl! why are u surprised?
i hope they remain friends and still go on that trip to vegas
holy sh*t really
well honestly no probably not
think it's too late. someone was shot?
and in life support.
so because i'm not black or poor i'm not allowed to think the rioting going on in charlotte is ridiculous? ok.
you're free to your opinion. it's just remarkably patronizing. but whatever...you'll never have to worry abt being black/poor
sir asli khel to 20 jan , inauguration se shuru hoga..... with and to choose from "god bless america"
effect in ,one of my indian colleague got some racial slurs about 9-11 by a drug peddler.....
".. there seems to be a growing realisation in party circles that 'achche din' - like atal bihari vajpayee's...
why didnt u condemn 17 martyr indian soldier yet ?
maslow's hierarchy of needs doesn't stop at self-actualization - it stops at breadface
this is plagiarism said that not you
tl;dr if you wanna up your cooking game get yourself cast iron next time you're shopping for a pan.
(i prefer lodge brand but really most pre-seasoned cast iron is equivalent)
+they glued it to 2 teeth it wasn't previously anchored to and had to experience that familiar teeth moving pain temporarily.
everything hurts just thinking about this.
i know i was "supposed" to laugh, but no
this is deadass retarded
going thru hipstrumentals, looking for new beats to body.
ccheck these out
pull up to beans and leaves bro thank me later lol
imma look into that cuzz.
and lots of it.
trump marketing scheme leaves participants in debt
it's hopeless lol
stop drinking that starbucks it's killing your brain cells
more photos of buddy the wonder puppy.
he got a little dreambone to chew on. we're going to buy him some chew toys and puppy food. he's good on the leash...
good to know. i'm thinking about upgrading but now i'm reconsidering...
i purchased the dock so i can listen and charge simultaneously
this is cool
sorry i didn't catch the typo :-)
kevin hart and the rock for the new jumanji, hollywood destroys another legacy.
though robin williams has so many other legendary movie roles i always hoped we'd leave jumanji and good will hunting out of the shit show.
question of the day: should we start surveilling on mosques in new york city &amp; elsewhere? share your thoughts using .
get geraldo off he is a race baiter
i know many queers who would side with police before siding with black people.
that's sad :/
the way that he talks, wack the way that he doesnt even like to smile, wack
bruh jamal smith is the goat! haha ima send you a link to old ass video of him
you left out homophobes and sexists
i don't know you well enough but racists probably. probably absolutely neonaz on others.
the trunk was bigger on the inside...
makes quality luggage.
ok tweeps: it's prime twitterer's question time: if you could what would it be? pls answer in the hashtag!
there are just too many questions to limit it to
to be clear, i get out of bed every day to battle *against* these wrong-headed budget arguments.
we're (usa) about to do a "rethink" bigger than anyone expects.
i wish i knew, marlene. i wish i fucking knew.
it's depressing.
i already know you're a nonbeliever.
more trolling. what a surprise.
if u ask them, how many would even know what they're actually protesting?! shake a hand, help a neighbor. go home instead
is it really because it's in your backyard now!?
if you have depth i would
arob, evans, crab, - jc, ware, dwill, mckinnon, sims, gio, gore
no it's not. you get a tortilla with a burrito. nothing with a bowl.
still want to know why a bowl is the same price as a burrito. no tortilla, no replacement.
today marks my one year anniversary at . one of the best career decisions i've ever made.
congrats on your ! glad you're here!
paul got 50k, vic got 25k. both won our hearts and made entertaining and memorable. we know who the real winners are.
still dont feel better, but so damn true!
well honestly no probably not
although they are processing it in dakota so who knows...
two rack toms this session?
drums were already set up when i got there.it was kinda refreshing!
have fun in helena... go fighting saints! tuck fech
thanks b! cannot wait!
where is this?!
? brooklyn navy yard?
"their goal is not to contribute to a discussion, their goal is destruction and anarchy," n.c. gov. says of protesters
what's to discuss if your family is being murdered right before your eyes everyday. who wants to talk?
hehe thank you for the wishes and the coffee! miss you buddy
real coffee soon :]
send sample beats kendall.smith645.com
check these out
(1/2) my biggest takeaway from tonight's nyc: if a company is a group of people working toward the same purpose...
(2/2) ...feedback is how people can help each other move toward that purpose. in this sense it's limiting to *not* give &amp; receive feedback.
i hate when other people are right
speaking of abs, i worked mine tonight because only one copper kid showed up, i did conditioning too, too mean otherwise
i already know you're a nonbeliever.
get back to me when you can refute the verses i posted and the hadith. otherwise stop wasting my time.
morning fam! after a successful audition in nigeria, ghana, togo, benin republic and ivory coast. we have...
may they never forget you, and your tireless efforts.
he got a little dreambone to chew on. we're going to buy him some chew toys and puppy food. he's good on the leash...
i'm wondering how hard it is to train little dogs to do dog agility contests. gotta start when they're still puppies.
first off im stuck with your grandmother okay . lol my bestfriend fell in love with her too
i guess i can share
guys should i paint this painting drunk or wait til tomorrow
do it drunk
lol. jack bauer is now running the show. get fucked iranian ambassador.
good so far? i was considering starting it
these are just reminding me of that night of us driving and screaming
that white boy that kissed you goes to parsons
@ em or you lying
wish he had twitter lmao
sir asli khel to 20 jan , inauguration se shuru hoga..... with and to choose from "god bless america"
effect ,one of indian colleague got some racial slurs about 9-11 by a drug peddler.....
lethal weapon tv series. ugh.
tbh i'll just watch lethal weapon on netflix for 10 weeks.
no tennis playe is more popular on twitter than rafa. 11.1m followers, serena has 6.9m, novak 6.5m and roger 6.1m
many people speak espanol, and english
what season you on?
literally just started watching this, i'm on the third episode
a stadium? they're all owned by white millionaires. who is going to rent one for such event?
non just fucking tweet about it and nothing wil get done.
sorry hoe i moved on
i give no fucks about you, i just want the dog pics
i voted. wake me up when it's over
effect ,one of indian colleague got some racial slurs about 9-11 by a drug peddler.....
if u ask them, how many would even know what they're actually protesting?! shake a hand, help a neighbor. go home instead
you could have really changed the game. but you continue to be basic.
now we have another thing in common. :) haven't watched it yet though.
it was good. i've missed relatively smart tv. kiefer's facial expressions were great/believable.
looking at google images, anguilla looks like a great place to headquarter. i'm in.
funny, we just had this exact conversation tonight ;)
if u knock on my door and i say "im pooping" that is *not* an invite to come in and talk to me as i sit nude on my commode plz get a brain
"commode"
no tennis playe is more popular on twitter than rafa. 11.1m followers, serena has 6.9m, novak 6.5m and roger 6.1m
what about maria?
affirmative action and free stuff at the expense of whitey not enough to succeed? maybe go to africa.
after we pay blacks for slavery we could entertain emigration
i'd like to invite joey, high pitch, gonzo, janks, whoever, to go hog hunting!
say when and i'll fly down for a few days of hunting - only hunted men before.
few weeks ago, i listened to him simultaneously call the last inning of pirates/dodgers and the end of the giants game. flawless.
and now he is no joke teaching the broadcast audience some japanese.
&gt;san francisco why am i not surprised?
well, drawing conclusions from sparse data and making people 2d is a hallmark of your squad
it's the broadway flea market this sunday! huzzah!
how do i get the bright star card
took bart in to work today, it wasn't the doom and gloom everyone made it out to be. didnt even make body contact with the people next to me
the bart is fine if you're near it and so is your destination. issue is that 99% of the city is nowhere close.
well the only supplements i take is whey protein and this stupid pre workout i'm only taking it cuz nick and miggie hyped it up
do you bro don't listen to no one on that supplements shits bad for you just workout lift do cardio be natural trust lol
in other news rougned odor has 31 home runs. how the fuck...
what a crazy season it's been. can't predict baseball.
for uniting our country like no other president has done in u.s. history. job well done... heavy sarca...
stay classy in moments of crisis.
matt cain replaces matt moore in the 2nd, dodgers get 1 more. trail 6-2.
matt cain is garbage. idk why we didnt waive his busted ass
thank you for helping out and always showing us support!
anything for you guys!!! much love and support always
omggggg don't even remind me
i feel some type of way i don't remember seeing you guys after i said hi on saturday
im real life crying bc if i mess it up i'll be mad
ur 2 good to mess up
tbh i was fronting but they coming when you least expect it
shit that's even scarier
just rolled up an l in the movie theatre lol
how quiet is your weed
yup that sounds like lie to me.
yep. tim roth did it first and better. and was hotter doing it!
how the fuck did santa fe win
iguanas over la vic's that's right you owe me 10 bucks
funny, we just had this exact conversation tonight ;)
i spent a month is curaao and it was very tempting
what about the delightful side? (bb8?!)
hee! i wish. but i think my last one is lisa simpson. what've you got so far?
the fact that niggas have actually done this scares me
does that even work? lmfao
i do not know lol
the 8th inning - no place for an 8th inning reliever.
puig is killing the . he really had to be a pain in the ass for the to send him away for so long and try to trade him.
moore killed us tonight...
yeeey,we're all excited! please come and join the fun! don't forget this saturday at 4:20pm screening time! come ea...
so excited! see you there !
yea you crazy but she might be a little more crazy
if she ever leave me ima take the next person she with &amp; kill them in front of her
damn! gov. of north carolina just declared state of emergency. says the nat'l guard is on its way. things will intensify from here.
wow! i am praying for them.
yes, it's really a meatless option.. and they add grilled onions and extra veggies to make it fulfilling.
yum. i might need to try that
wishing people to die out sounds kind of mean, gregory. kind of monstrous, really.
oh i work for all racists and other villains to be powerless
are we talking about alias level of incoherence? :-)
never watched it.
when you google your symptoms of your cold and it tells you you've got four diseases and got two weeks to live
haha us everytime.
it's like an early bday gift to myself.
the second &amp; last colourpops
let's add the democrats to that. our entire government is corrupt and politicians become millionaires on public salaries!
that's a false equivalence. if you think this is accurate, you have not had your eyes open for 8 years.
too high on: barnridge/fleener too low on: stefon diggs
if you had just listened to the philosophy, brian. because all tes suck.
spotify or apple music
chips ahoy or oreos?
like, pretending that you are the one holding the phone, so you have that one-shoulder-elevated selfie look
i have so much studying to do. (or... or i could just continue being bad at them.)
i have never been more certain about anything in my life. will win. keep up the good work ...
after 's numbers dropped in national polling, larry sabato adjusted his electoral...
everyone is having ice cream tonight but me
i ended up putting mine in the microwave lol
watched big hero 6 for the first time soo good
i forgot- why is it called big hero 6 when there was no big hero 1,2,3,4,5??? are there 6 team members or something?
agreed. and thank you
bad match u to be w nick &amp; needs problem solved that could be a spin off show
you can kinda make out the 35 mph signs. it's such a horror show. soooo many families forced to walk across this.
and arby's.
george h.w. bush voting for hillary makes a lot of sense, because she's the best republican candidate.
sometimes i don't know in what moment i clicked follow. like, why would i follow ?
we already know he exists, it's not like out is making some groundbreaking discovery
drag this "editor"!!!
wow hes so soft and beautiful
i hate this
sadly so true, the last 8 years could have been the most unifying in history but obama squandered that opportunity
imagine how blacks must feel. finally they get the right skin color guy and obama turns his back on them.
ana is proudly anti trump,&amp; won't be voting hrc (sad for us dems) she's doing us a solid by
that sucks. she still has no integrity then.
unfortunately but on the bright side probably not for long
thats crazy lol she's gonna get reprimanded real quick. she's working at the wrong school if she hates trump
wishing people to die out sounds kind of mean, gregory. kind of monstrous, really.
many a klansman cries intolerance lol. i really can't help you with this if yo can't get your head around it.
thank you
you welcome. hope you good
bullshit. i was there. i periscoped everything. lying dishonest max 150 main room. max 350 "overflow ro...
msm rally # rules hillary double # 9...
given the facts, what is the constitutional issue as you see it? i'm being serious, not snarky, now.
can a child born outside us territory, i.e.,50 states, military&amp;diplomatic bases,be eligible to hold potus office
chips ahoy or oreos?
iphone 6s+ or iphone 7?
what the fuck ever
what's making you so blue? see what i did there? sorry
hated red wine until today
red&gt;white on any given day lemme tell u
excited to see launch a fund. massive industry exposure + organic deal leads + $$ = $$$$.
good talking w/ you the other night &amp; appreciate your insights on today's investor panel - thanks!
attend free health insurance event at nyc health + hospitals/gouverneur. enter to win a fitness tracker! rsvp...
. wish you got involved with ny state in violation of aca simply refuses to cover some seniors. see
preview of a body coming up and only a small batch photographed of the 25 heads currently being worked on
epic work being accomplished!
he's an ass and you just reminded me to block him
he's cranking at everybody. his attitude bugs.
that's murder you gone go to jail
as long as she watch it ion even care
my mom called me if i wanted ice cream when she clearly knows i'm sick
we all know you still ate the ice cream lol
crime in nyc starting to climb. thank de blasio.
no it's not
when mike and eric are on at the same time it's pure gold.
i was in heaven today w/ erik, fred and mike all on at the same time - their voices together were musical!
nice shirt
you will see me in it tomorrow
please you don't even listen to ewf ... you listen to bad music like the rest of the kids that college in the city
right lemme just blast all of florida georgia line 24/7
read secretary of state 's remarks at today's council session on :
odd reality is that the muslim nations dominate on land that is not just theirs and yet they respond as though it is.
*me crying today* kam: your so dramatic
dont worry you'll survive this. if i can, you can too
if u ask them, how many would even know what they're actually protesting?! shake a hand, help a neighbor. go home instead
little career advice stick to commenting on the white dudes that dictate your career and nothing else.
i love the inflated political correctness... hilarious
reminds me of
nyquist, exaggerator, gun runner and more square off in this saturday's g2 pennsylvania derby!
mmmmmm that track is funky, def not playing a favorite......my man sam worth a little shot
got handed this... alert: muslims vote too
whomever wrote that: i don't claim to speak for all crazy white people so i'd appreciate you not speaking for all christians
i've been watching it at least since chicago, 1968.
yeah i was being a lilll bit facetious
seven of the mets' final 10 games are against the phillies. is that a plus or a minus? stay tuned.
better then the braves that's for sure.
this is 2016, people.
yeah, like 50 years since desegregation. let's not pretend this country isn't chock-full o' racists. rebel flag
- rt &amp; follow
stunning beauty
eat meat so the vegetarians will have food to eat!
man, i don't care about the vegetarians
no it's not
i was worried but crime is still dropping
puerto rico with this gem
freaking goalssss
the dashcam shows scott coming at cops with a gun the whole is built on a lie once again pushe...
sad to say an excuse to riot
experience can lead you one of two ways: myopia about how you know everything already a broader understanding of how much you don't know
i'm in sf, cs student, ex business guy, currently trying to get into pm. would love to grab a coffee if you have the time.
thats really interesting. do we know why that is?
it probably pops out of his hand.
(2/2) ...feedback is how people can help each other move toward that purpose. in this sense it's limiting to *not* give &amp; receive feedback.
have to hand it to katie s. of for this ^ takeaway - i've never thought of feedback that way.
more and more keep poppin up
fr like out of no where
send beats only loshosale
chck these out
hi , is a saas for group communication (database, email, sms, polls, events, 1:1 msg)
news on mobilize group sms + email comms, if you're still looking: $6.5m series a by trinity ventures
this nigga said "is that a jew watch" lmfaooooooo
that part had me dead
summer's over, can the radio stop playing one dance now?
*plays summers over by drake*
read secretary of state 's remarks at today's council session on :
it is part to us, the jewish and christian peoples who have the seed of their faith in those lands.
i have an 8" pvm if you want it, it's yours
stop giving me stuff!!! do you live here yet?
the major parties gave america the most unpopular candidates in history - and the debates will still exclude johnson &amp; stein. amazing.
they won't exclude torches &amp; pitchforks in a symbolic ny protest of systems&amp;election fraud.
that brave bull getting to you joey?
don't talk shit on brave bull. that bar was more lit than my bed on friday nights.
joke is there are people who looked away when i was about to get my ass jumped/stabbed... now they want to be cool?
lol gtfoh. i've learned to be cordial. yet i am petty. i don't forget moves like that... but peace onto them &amp; all that malarkey.
wildest dreams do come true
stunningly beautiful
a natural evolution. 350 v2 by fits like a second skin.
ya need to fix that fucking app for real?
tbh i don't really understand mf cameras or leaf shutters or flash either. i'm not the studio photog fuji is aiming at.
tahoe will fit!
i did can you believe them mfers changed my avi
it's pinned to you profile
wow. really. huh. not any of the guys who commit domestic violence or rape? huh. really.
he was before the kneel down.
everybody should check out and his new game journalism project on looks ace:
thanks so much man!
how much ebt, welfare, affirmative action and other free stuff is enough "pay back"? do tell.
reparations.
today at the inception workshop: how do we implement the &amp; gather public &amp; private sector for...
also on the ageda: &amp; joint project on in to ...
have to hand it to katie s. of for this ^ takeaway - i've never thought of feedback that way.
and thanks &amp; co for putting on a dope nyc! looking forward to more in the future.
avoids a major export crisis" allows wheat fungus after row with :
-note: the wheat still contains ergot fungus "the witches curse", only the egyptians have bowed to russian demands.
thinking about her today and everyday
i love this
that's so true. it was like after 9/11, the 90's trying to take itself seriously.
obi wan just talked to a weird photo-mammal alien man who had an irish accent. why? fuck, we sucked
listen to same town, new story by interpol on .
please listen if you've never heard. bless your ears.
. it is my understanding that the 'right' is always hitler
bush is a fool, palin is an idiot nazi-like, but i'm more impressed w romney standing up to your boy. admire
black-tailed godwits, redshank and knot at brownsea island today
what an eye you have!!!!
we still haven't denied that he questioned cruz.
but you have yet to recognize that the question can be argued as constitutional; not racism.
this lady must be one of the descendants of king solomon.
not bathsheba ?
read secretary of state 's remarks at today's council session on :
and yet it is almost impossible to worship on our land: syria, iraq, turkey, etc...?
and at 11:33 pm on september 21st, 2016 joe reed felt the time has come!
dunkin is open 24 hours right??
read the back
i love this so much
brings out the queen in anyone. the hand-carved rose city &amp; world heritage site is located in...
i would have loved to go there
the truth...... are $1/2m richer. yeah
so.. &amp; ur point idiot? she has $$ for laying &amp; fucking all summer.. soooo..??
this girl at recruitment was telling me &amp; maria about this movie with halle berry, the call? shit got me so stressed
omg that movie stressed me out. solid film though
if you are watching instead of we can't be friends
well i was watching svu and u still dubbed me
trump says he is troubled by police shooting of terence crutcher in tulsa
drumpf was only troubled because cop was a woman. if cop were a white male- he'd be fine with it.
do not bet against the american people. we're standing up against the corrupt political elites.
reagan would never run down nato or called our military "depleted." ...
good to know. i'm thinking about upgrading but now i'm reconsidering...
also you don't really have a choice! you'll have to upgrade someday.
cnn/don l were viewing it and didn't even comment on it...thats why i don't watch that show
can't blame you. watching those idiots gives me heartburn.
math, what's it up to?
322 life's is 322 life's in any mathematical model!!!!!!!! not one
kyrie the next mission?
cavs official account is the goal
i want to wear them all rn rn
let me know how they work
what the.........
lol. omg. this is no way real.
nicole won't even have to sell those dumb calendars now!
maybe she can buy some cuter shoes now
my parents are trifflingggg .. they really went to nawlins w/o me
you got that right!
weed really helps a lot, also i usually have less pain after &amp; thus more of an appetite :) i prefer medicinal to normal weed
looking into it for myself
haydn lately omg even more so than usual sheeessshhhhhhh
the amount you two love and adore one another gives my heart hope
well written. glad you enjoyed san francisco!
thanks so much! where are you guys from? i'm in queens, ny!
actually, the cops are standing down, not even reacting to shootings. just standing in formation.
lol. i read they fired rubber bullets &amp; tear gas into a peaceful protest. maybe now they feel bad, cuz they killed someone.
hillary supporters are like they hide in their shells and only come out to eat! therfore they are...
for donald trump, all lives matter but trump does not hide!...
pretty remarkable and making me excited for my first phablet to hopefully ship soon.
yeah, the samples pleasantly surprised me!
they cut our hours so bad :(
come work at target
yeee and got a b on it fucks with me
update i actually got an a
you still salty your boy cam in 3rd place
nope he went out with class and your boy lost cause of being hateful
1/self-awareness reg how strong a swimmer you are. if you help a drowning man, and you're an average swimmer then you have two drowning men.
2/help yourself before you help others. to be selfless you have to be selfish first. to make others happy you have to be happy first
so what do you think? is it just the jihadism that is being cited by some?
what are the differences in the home upbringing..are they accepted socially are they truly loved at home
oh, i went for it at last! morbo from futurama, holtzmann, liz lemon. out of the running for being cooler than me: jane lane
yaaasss. good picks! now where in the world does one get the image template?
i thought leftists were the ideology of science? guess not.
i guess when you move all the way to the right everyone is leftist. you guys are depressing
old wrestling games were so lit
better then the 2k series tbh
someone actually calling it what it is. a riot.
thugs. nothing more, nothing less.
i miss you too. we will see each other again don't worry
ily, but why you gotta wink at me, you know it brings back bad memories
today, i took to the house floor to dispel the myth that republicans are better stewards of the economy
. they may better monitor how aca provisions are followed in nys. turned aca into a sham see
this is cool
you guys are so kid-talent *cool* xs 2 :-)
or is that the declaration of independence?
that one too!
both candidates desperately trying to prove the other as worse scum as they float in cesspool
not suggesting they are the same are you?
again, wealth redistribution to these people has taken place. that tends to be what reparations are.
not hardly. we are nearly $6 trillion short minus welfare payments
maybe bc they only felt comfortable getting behind blm when the video evidence was overwhelming clear? just hypothesizing idk
the smallest presence of possible wrongdoing by a police shooting victim frightens away a huge chunk of white blm allies
rt and follow to win 2 free mets tickets to the game on 9/24! picking a winner at random after tonights game! good...
some of the people who are rt have 9 followers and just setting up names for tix. good night
is surprisingly a very good link crew leader
what's that supposed to mean
midtown lunch really sucks. any suggestion for non-stuffy biz lunch?
my fave () has many suggestions
staying for sg day? you probably dont have to though
finished all interviews today, just staying till weekend for fun
dickless leftist.
always with penises with some of you guys.
i know a huge number of trans* women who disprove that theory unfortunately
so you believe that transwomen are men?
can ai's 'n bots participate?
can bots fish?
on set in the giant country north of the boarder. shall we play? you've got ?'s, i might.. possibly... have answers. fire away and
if one is shooting a 30 min comedy pilot how many overtime days should one schedule?
i spent a month is curaao and it was very tempting
plus the (sun) burn is enviable.
but those aren't the facts. the fact is he was born in a state that existed.
are they the facts? lol. the documents presented are in question. question, are you really a lawyer?
just put me on, its mad relaxing
glad you fuck with it bro
that one too!
i guess maybe that's the less subtextual example tho huh
2/help yourself before you help others. to be selfless you have to be selfish first. to make others happy you have to be happy first
3/this is not an exhortation to be a dick. we all have relative strengths, weaknesses, areas of improvement and helping in strength area ok.
get me the fuck out of idaho its cold and wet:(
why aren't you at your show
has anyone ever followed someone from those who to follow suggestions on the left hand side of screen donald j trump, huge mantis, what
i found u on there
160 black people have died so far this year in the us, i doubt any cop lost his job over it.
of course, and that one can write about. however, there are also lawsuits won by many families. not justice, but some recourse.
10 years $3 b dollars 1 mission: "we'll be investing in research with goal of curing disease"
amazing news today!
can bots fish?
sorry, crossed bot ai domain conversations
bridgette told jeff that paul made a half million dollar mistake cause he would have won 8-1 over james
it wasn't a mistake because neither one of them outplayed him its because natalie was so obsessed with a woman winning
they are the children of the 1913 jekyll is. gang of industrial/banking elitists.they know it all.so, they tell us
i have the bis by the balls.we're seizing their wwide means of production&amp;distribution after rout
the big versions!
thank you margie. you the best
soon it will be a darling mac &gt;:d
psst. i made her get an iphone yesterday...
that was yesterday...not a great day today
but overall great work ..!!!
i'm pretty sure it happened twice lol and those biscuits were always burnt
the biscuits were so good with mountains of that butter shit
lowkey the mom of this group
i could see that
and you have a busted leg.? i managed to brush all of my horses today so i mean i tried
i had to lift a surcingle onto cheval too because little natalie couldn't reach haha
that shit had me in tears.
yooo dead ass!!!!
this tweet covers it all
right!!! (how are you? are you still in phil?)
. mmm; i knew i was failing chemistry on the first day. :)
forecast, not report card.
current status: outside, eating a rare steak &amp; drinking an amazing ca pinot noir, cellar temp, directly across the bay from uss carl vinson.
which pinot?
exactly! if i don't get it all done, there will only be more to do tomorrow smh.
taught me this lesson, and it's really because i'm not really allowed to stay late/don't have a ...
. and are on today! visit to find out when it airs in...
the most entertaining show this season!!!
just be like oprah and enjoy!
wait. this one was a bergen bagel so... does she live in brooklyn?
hello world. never thought i'd be saying this...but, i think...i may...miss new york city.
maybe you just miss pocket and me
reporter brian williams characterizes rioters as hero's wouldn't surprise me if tomorrow williams says he to...
they still let that fuckhead on air?
when you're s piece of shit and you know it
your amazing , caring, independent,and beautiful ...i know it ily.
i saw you're going to the show tonight! i'm going next monday! enjoy every moment
hey i will be there on monday too and some other nights too. i can't get enough of adele
you are unusually honest
i have a black wife and kids. anyone who would dare to deny them liberty i will kill with my bare hands
can always come to in nyc after... will be there in the afternoon!
will you be leading the parade all the way up to bloomies
today at the inception workshop: how do we implement the &amp; gather public &amp; private sector for...
also on the ageda: &amp; joint project on in sector to ...
just got home from dance &amp; watched the video! it's so manic! i love her energy.
i heard nothing! i would have killed to have been there!
someone pay for my trips to see my out of state college girlies
binch come see me and
guys, i really like my phone
so actually unboxing?
why be mad @ a girl that ur mans cheated on you with.. like that's not her fault ur nigga don't know how to act n don't claim you
she ain't worried bout you or your nigga, so you look dumb now..
we gotta take notes
idk what you talking bout bro? -disappears-
. he's confused over pitching or catching.
more violent imagery homosexual references from "christians" lol.
can confirm that's exactly what happens.
proud of you for taking these steps for those of us who dare not. you truly are an american gladiator
great day in ! the love in this state is really incredible!
never wear a suit to a khakis fight.
also empirically true that dropout seems to induce greater amounts of (hard) sparsity in relu nets. take from that what you will.
makes sense but not sure what to take (pretty much my story with dl)
messi will miss 6 games due to injury. the games against: soorting gijn celta vigo borussia mnchengladbach peru...
hoping alacacer gets a shot now and proves his hunger
umm...okay then? i have my right about what topics that i should speak up about. talking about blm is a controversial topic.
i was talking about , not you. talk away.
okay, most of the other things you've said about her are forgivable, but not this. she's my mortal enemy now
nothing she's done is forgivable. there's so much more i can say about her
psa: espn is going to put vin scully on to call the 4th of the giants-dodgers game. don't miss it.
you see this piece by on scully? it's great.
lived abroad when charter industry emerged;don't see equal ed. opportunity in it
dual school systems are never equitable
white dude drives into crowd of peaceful protesters, draws gun, allowed to drive away alive. with my own eyes....
you must not understand stats
ma'am, you're suppose to be a leader and role model. learn some professionalism and keep your opinion to yourself. grow up.
not really sure what you are talking about, but you seem to be the only one who thinks this way!
supporting this fucker tonight!! break a leg bro.
did not know you were there.. why do i feel like we've prob seen each other in person b4
i think it was the punk piece
he followed them. my sources haven't confirmed if they reciprocated.
i don't live there. not my backyard. my world. i'm saddened people feel this violated. but has to be a better way
i don t live in charlotte either love but you are right it been my backyard for a long time.
same goes for c++. i can't believe i am paid 6 figures for this stuff.
yup but instead frostbyte for me
it's gonna be stupid
you know what's stupid?
i just made eye contact with coconut head girl while she was making drink..........
love at first sight really is real
never get too attached to something that isn't yours.
look whos talking+
i need a better skincare routine
you're beautiful
thanks man. appreciate it
looking forward for tomorrow ..!!! hoping to cash some of those picks
why not? the back fingerprints exactly like the screen does. scratches easier than the screen, but who cares:)
it was full of scratches and also this option looks and feels very good too
exactly! if i don't get it all done, there will only be more to do tomorrow smh.
work laptop/access to work ooo like you guys so i have to be ok with what i'm able to get done.
for every slight on dt there's 10 for hrc, could go on all night. you'll vote for hrc, i'll vote for djt!!
slight away at least ya have a record facts not some tv fraud orange bobble head hiding behind corp curtain yuck dt
seriously. idk if it's worth the fuss to email him all my blog entries and keep my dead name private when some department ppl will learn it
anyway by glancing at my id, through box office - stuff like that. but just putting it out there for a whole class....ughh
you know what's cool about being plain/average looking? not a lot.
if you just tell yourself you're a hot piece of ass everyone around you will start to believe it. how'd you think i did it?
just upload all four pics on twitter! (the first pic being the "describe" text image)
oh, lord, i'm so bad at this "technology" stuff.
my dick game now come here cutie
make that ass clap
. and are on today! visit to find out when it airs in...
congratulations to aj on his becoming ordained
allo: google again moves deckchairs on its sinking titanic in the messaging wars by
whether or not the app succeeds i disagree that the phone # is critical. in fact this weakness is a strength
yeah cuz being black n poor means it's ok to loot n riot because you know, ur black and poor.
america has a long and noble tradition of destroying private property for political ends (see boston tea party)
he didn't rape anyone. no domestic violence charge. no ped-use. didn't cheat by deflating balls. he simply kneele...
his jersey sales would indicate otherwise...
it's undisputed fact.
look at all the people who make being unpleasant a life choice. have fun with that
welcome to donald trump's america. there's more to come.
donald trump isn't president. this is obama's america dumbass.
psa: do not spoil any greys anatomy for those still on season 5 aka me
meredith almost dies again.
can't be the first person who said rudy gay to milwaukee?
he wouldn't fit. milwaukee is covered at the wing even with middleton out.
does it really work??? i was looking into this today
i used my rose quartz for 4 months straight and fell in love lol but my black onyx was wat truly made me believe
tx gets put under court supervision after lying to voters about illegal id rules:
lqbtq? is there a barbaque or something
wow, i'm speechless thank you &amp; 4 making me your second for the month of septe...
congrats beautiful on being named for the month of september well deserved
waiting for the lawyers to come @ stephen for pk winsome
they won't. the last name is winthrop now
pedro yo pussy wack
my pussy has my hoes calling me back even when i ignore them, you know that
why has this video not been released yet.... not that blm would let this proof stop them
let's see, if it exonerates the shooter they probably would have released it. immediately.
let me tell you a secret...since you asked nicely if you spend your time focused on your...
good tip honey i will put that on my work schedule every day.
y no the funniest thing about people complaining about the "scarjo gits casting is racist" is that nobody realizes all masamune draws now is
"tiny japanese girl gets raped by big black dicks oh and everyone is covered in butter for some reason"
hmmm ima take a trip with y'all
it's lit, you're welcome to stay in out suite
47 days to election day. still no tax returns. - i challenge you to prove us all wrong, show us yo...
can't vote for a coward. what are u afraid of? u want to cheat to the white house
that's why we're pre gaming disneyland
a rat is a rat. i'm down for another round in westwood lmao
i'll go out of my way to pulaski to avoid this. such a simple fix too.
yep, have ridden greenpoint exactly once.
hahaha!!! man, i'm serious! i'd love to take y'all hunting! it'd be a hoot!!!
hit me up in a dm - i seriously have never been hunting but am a good shot.
conversion therapy is better than being shot in a club or thrown off a roof by a hillary/saudi loving donor.
being shot in a club??? that was an american with a gun. not a terrorist.
allo: google again moves deckchairs on its sinking titanic in the messaging wars by
i have data that backs this up. compare w/whatsapp where only message is "nick's on whatsapp. click here:"
, how about the spedskins
lmaooooo that could work never thought of that one
i was just about to ask the same thing
i say try it regardless cause even on a physical level they're helpful to ur vaginas health
joined on to discuss state of emergency declared in &amp; nat'l guard deployment. we w...
you wont tolerate violence? but you are a supporter, right?
you better have a concert asap
we're going if he does
i didn't realize they get stretched vertically too.
: yeah if they don't it looks even more weird &gt;_&lt;
i wish you luck in finding the girl who will give you those
you're the best
i took advantage of this a lot in philly with the drag community. i almost never paid to get into events-
and while i always tipped queens, i realized that it's killing a payout at the end of a night when they get a 'put me on the list' text.
tribalism and fashion with &amp; at .
thanks to for photography.
you skimmed the article. you don't seem to be able to follow a thread, much less a thought.
it's me vs 3. i could say this isn't equal footing, but considering how ill informed u three r, this is fun!
national guard should be and should be in chi town..
national guard has been activated by gov.
but your comment was actually replying to me somehow. but you know what, it's okay. i forgive you.
my bad. i guess we can all just get along!.
planetary whites vs planetary asians (per capita), whites clean house due to culutral superiority (just sayin')
i expect tweeters to become more and more like nazis until i'm getting tweets from goebbel's ghost
when your face says brat but your insides are actually having a rave because....well, shoes ...
look so beautiful cool shoes too
you coming??
that would be double trouble
daisy -.... -i hate her -suck my thick dick
you know you love me, i know it and for sure my self conceited ass knows it so um suck my non-existent dick
i don't live there. not my backyard. my world. i'm saddened people feel this violated. but has to be a better way
there are many better ways yes but the options have been increasingly narrowed. so this is what happens.
tonight's the night!
i will be there october 9th former birthday to see u lr!! i cant wait!!!
so are you so defensive because you're black, &amp; poor &amp; you believe the people rioting are black and poor and have that right?
i am white. but, again, i support destruction of private property for political ends. very american tactic
egypt cancels zero ergot wheat policy amid mounting pressure via
-ergot called "the witches curse" is the black mold seen in grains. lsd is derived from it and the toxin ergotamine.
it's anderson valley. i'd have to recall the wine list to remember the vineyard.
cool, pinot noir is my favorite variety and i'm partial to the ones from carneros valley
cheetoonthebeats
i made this up. ps hi cheeto
been running from this madden asswhooping
nah, l just haven't played lol
took under twenty seconds
are you using a dial-up connection
look at this figure again. see if you can figure it out.
i'm colorblind!!!!!!!fyi all lives are important no matter what structure of society we live in !!!
thanks for being top engaged community members this week :) &gt;&gt; want this ?
sure tina let's keep engaging-including others etc..gonna follow u-feel free 2 folme2-can help each!
man, how bored are you!
respond to all my rebuttals please
i've had nothing but wonderful experiences at trump rallies. ppl of many races committed to giving the country a future
these people???? / rt ppl of many races committed to giving the country a future
haha which explains why you guys were always over 10+ lbs
i am also 5'9 thanks .... but hmm wonder who ate my cupcakes
(sorry, i'm trying not to go any more negative tonight, you all need hugs and kittens!)
here, have a puppy
man thanks for the reminder
ur welcome this is why i have a twitter, after wll
and while i always tipped queens, i realized that it's killing a payout at the end of a night when they get a 'put me on the list' text.
but i also realize the implication of negating any kind of special treatment. people just might not go, and therefore not spread the word
allo: google again moves deckchairs on its sinking titanic in the messaging wars by
honestly this is worth an entire article :) want a guest post? "allo's weakness is it's one shot at success"
trump effect?
trump is america. let truth be told.the world is just beginning to see the truth about what lies beneath the surface of this nation.
i read that it helps with pmsing!
yeah! and tightening ur vagina after childbirth and helping ur muscles before
apparently she eats all the bread too
she better! thats so much bread!!!
james pandering &amp; bad gameplay cost him $25k - james was not the same man this season. he could have been f2 - loyalty to paul
paul had no loyalty lol paul was just hoping if he didnt win someone would take him
cnn's on trump claiming black community is in its worst shape "ever, ever, ever." lemon: "he's living in...
yes, and white tweets far from solution. (and yes, i get the irony.)
ted cruz is on snapchat....
a lot of people are saying lyin' ted cruz is the zodiac killer
man thanks for the reminder
youre welcome, this is why i have a twitter, after all
i'm so ???? @ this concept
pretty dull tbh. the music sounds good though.
but i also realize the implication of negating any kind of special treatment. people just might not go, and therefore not spread the word
then again, if you really want to support your friends in the creative fields, you'll pay.
this girl just pulled out a scantron and everyone in the class started trippin
lol are those a thing of the past?
^ oops, nevermind, somebody already got the right answer
it took awhile though! prisma makes for good station trivia
thanks for being top engaged community members this week :) &gt;&gt; want this ?
thx also tina-glad to hear anything would like to share anytime.. mark
"tiny japanese girl gets raped by big black dicks oh and everyone is covered in butter for some reason"
this is the dude who made motoko a lesbian because he 'didn't want to draw men'
hi! &amp; so pleased to hear u 2 finally met in nyc, the city you now both call home!
you need to come visit us asap! matilda for everyone!
when the fuck evan peters gonna finally make an appearance on
mmmm watching season 1 now !
apparently, has been telling him different
he misunderstood. jan asked 4 expedited review 2 settle question before nov 8. the court ignored him
but where's flora though??????
in the woods with the fauna
i'm going through beats now ..thank you to all the producers that got back at me definitely some nice prices i've seen and beats i've heard
check these out
turn the page
wait i'm at the page!
wait, it's on a friday as per . how legit is this article?????????
i'd wait to hear from fox. this looks like the same date in 2016 when bones came back.
given those facts, which are legally conclusive, there is no constitutional issue whatsoever.
no, they are not! the 14th amendment is not conclusive. omg. u can't be a layer.. if so.. seriously... u need me
oh yeah, still a fucking queen. even without your bitch ass.
i mean, it ain't no pinned tweet quality but it was better than when i tried last night lmao
this week we should all compile and share lists of books that ought to be banned.
by ecclesial or civil authorities?
are you a vet? did you fight a war that the foundation was paid to promote? never worry. she's sick and dying anyway
are u the type of vet that murders innocent cops
black nationalist anarcho-capitalism
is that the technical term for shithole?
on day 1: -review &amp; remove excessive reg's -end trade violations -cut taxes -repeal &amp; replace obamacare -suspend syrian refugee admissions
and nullify obama's horrible string of executive orders?!?
or because opposition leaders catch mysterious cases of murder or imprisonment, but six of one half dozen of the ot...
gulag... engagement or wedding ignored by ...
can't make it up, folks. can't make it up.
all you patriarchy apologists going on about "objective reality" like that's even a thing smdh
looking very much like sigourney weaver in this photo. were you kicking the asses off some gnarly aliens?
haha there's a neighborhood local who says i look like her. nope, trying to get in aliens shape though!
just thought i would share how happy i am now that i am no longer friends with a few select b*tches in my life
shackle free from the hoes
i do not want to see a pet penis eating oats.
oh that statement just has too many naughty answers
i would freaking die if that happened to me but then again i wouldn't pelt food in no cage
exactly ...
it was started with over the hill bill clinton ! do the research!!!
whatever you say boss.
hi babe, what are your rates? ranges fine.
incredibly unprofessional. unacceptable.
describe yourself in three fictional characters...yep...nailed it.
ok. but do u know how to dance like elaine!
i tell my friends the best way they can support me is to put money in my pocket or point me to someone who can. no discounts.
i get bothered when the things i'm creating are basically free. asking someone to listen a podcast on soundcloud/itunes isn't much
unpopular opinion alert: the depth effect on the 7 plus is terrible and looks like a bad photoshop job. especially visible with hair/fur...
hopefully engineers can improve it with time/usage. hating on it a lot because of the sheer fact that the 7 plus ha...
yall get a lil car, job and shit and talk down on people who don't got one... man god will take all that in a heartbeat. humble yourself
ppl take materials things to the head like things don't come and go and life isn't up and down
2 people at my table got 100% on their exams
guys i passed my test but barely it wasnt a good score but i passed
vinny called it a magnificent throw
from the outside it's impressive, but its not the way that play is supposed to be made, could have cost the dodgers another run
lol whoever u got tell em duck when they pull up
i'm pulling up dolo with the hammer
charter schools are expensive scams especially in texas.
charters are scams in michigan, ohio, california, arizona.
atlanta would be the only team left in the southeast,which is the most fertile area of talent.think that hurts in the long run?
tons of baseball players came from the south even when the only "southern" team was st louis. it'll make no difference
2/2 but i gotta wonder...who died and made uxers the arbiter of smart questions?
good canvases come from non ux peeps. see
who got bryson tiller type beats ?? send them to my email dahdahmgmt.com
check these beats
thank u love my haters too
im fuckin ded hes rating everyone
i'm mostly silent, waiting.
sorry, remind me again. what are you waiting on?
are you serious? you can't be serious?
very. sorry to be another rich, smart, manhattan liberal. we think this way which is why we built this might, iconic city
an execllent day for lingerie
displaying parts of fem body, often w/head cut out-&gt;
they were processing my green card in nebraska. (it got rejected, work is dealing with it)
wot?! that sucks - hope they sort it
i'm off to bed now.
good nite!!
.: "we have to recognize that too many black men are being killed in questionable circumstances in co...
whites &amp; hispanics comprise much higher proportion of pd homicides. even factoring % of pop. no clarity no solution
i don't wanna shoot the hogs but i wanna eat them
i'll shoot 'em, dress 'em and eat 'em.
i get bothered when the things i'm creating are basically free. asking someone to listen a podcast on soundcloud/itunes isn't much
i feel like it's even harder when the product/service someone is offering is free.
i just wonder what city is next coming up in the near future?
at this point, pick one. you have a good chance at being right.
the lesson is, if you rely on for your education views, you'll wind up as misinformed as
28 million hits on my blog say you are wrong
egypt cancels zero ergot wheat policy amid mounting pressure via
- will allow grain contaminated with (the ' curse) into egypt under pressure from .
so just to get this straight - people in charlotte are rioting over a black cop who killed a guy who got out of his car wielding a gun?
maybe if innocent people weren't being killed on a regular basis people wouldn't be on high alert and weary
really glad i finally got to meet irl
. - pleasure was mine! excited for burritos.
wait was it that zipper incident a while back
unrelated zipper incident
thanks to for having me on the non-breaking space show this week. it was a blast!
queued in .
which is more important in your culinary indulgences
if it's a weird texture i won't eat it even if it tastes good
but west coast cooler *nyuk nyuk*
groan (actually i threw up a little bit in my mouth)
did day pull a topaz?! why else was she rooting for paul to still be in there if she wasn't voting for him?!
hmmm maybe so, that's the only thing that makes sense
i get bothered when the things i'm creating are basically free. asking someone to listen a podcast on soundcloud/itunes isn't much
the urgency to support isn't there and people become complacent.
couldn't even tell you bruh. i'm assuming it just goes to the bloodstream they the lungs the same way as weed but t...
i'm just dead at the picture lmfao these niggas in the drive thru
i agree. all lives matter equally. which is why it is sad some lifes are extinguished by police at a disproportionate rate.
i don't agree!!!! some are more loud about it!!!! that's a difference!!!
i had to ask
thank you that makes me feel better. and i did it! i did it!
we were just tear gassed. no warning. cmpd released several cannisters into crowd
tear gas usually happens during a riot.
i mean, this washington post comment was definitely made by a paid russian troll, right?
you've never heard the very american phrase "i am a working family"? guess this is what writing in a russian accent looks like
huge thanks to panelists &amp; you for taking the time to chat today! see you ne...
thanks winnie - always a pleasure to be part of your chats thanx for your wisdom and inspiration
tweet me for a retweet! ~ what is your favorite flavor of ice cream???
. no one fave but i bought a half gallon of vanilla frozen yogurt today. turkey hill on sale.
oh dang, i was looking forward to watching that :/
oh you still should.
happy birthday !!! i love your crazy ass and i miss dancing with you so much i hope you have...
thanks my love i miss you more!
so on broccoli, when lil yachty said "niggas hattin cause i'm chosen from the concrete i had rose" i got tight.
this new wave got no respect for the history of the culture but it sure is catchy. ppl say this every wave but there's also several waves rn
i'm sure that'll help the healing process
ohhh yes! especially with 11 screws, 1 plate and basically a metal tibia..
that was a home grown jihadist that hated gays and american values. and he and his father endorsed her pandering ass.
that was a homophobic gay man. much like in the military u were probably closeted or ridiculed. u think trump cares about gays?
gordon side needs sweetening but not by much
i offered someone my martin + amendola for gordon, perriman and a 2017 2nd. is that a fair offer?
2/2 but i gotta wonder...who died and made uxers the arbiter of smart questions?
i think a good canvas emerges from the right questions + the right framework.
omg i can't see it! i deleted the tweet! omg it got rid of my blessed and highly favored pinned tweet
when you click your profile you can't see it?
well, sparser activations = sparser gradient. hamfisted speculation : gradient-based optimization somehow easier as a result.
have a feeling this is the sort of thing bottu can write down a proof
not crazy at all. some ppl seem 2 think a black man w/ a gun is an automatic threat, i'm tired of double standards.
not sure what others think but ur words show u missed the context of not about gun or who but the proper ways 4 all.
white supremacists are either loud and proud these days, or i'm just starting to bump up against them, not sure which.
but if cut you teeth in certain circles that shall remain anonymous, they're pretty unimpressive.
nytimes? bwaaahhh. oh that's just rich. lol. thanks. i thought u were serious for a second. have a good night.
enjoy the next time a trump rally speaker yells out the n-word
i'm at suju's and literally surrounded by
yup, can't concentrate on my hw. me rn
the rain is coming i can smell it i can feel it i see it
come up to julian. been raining on and off all day!
welp. back to a 4.7" screen. realizing it's pretty difficult to not be using the screen size you primarily design for.
while the 4" form factor feels good in hand, apps scaled to that size are kind of an afterthought these days
trump's namesake has a lengthy association with white supremacist ideology
this article is biased. donald trump jr. is not that good looking.
why do people tell me both my brothers are in the mafia?
well at least one of them is for sure.
.: "what we have here are the professionals, the agitators, the people that are out there at night."...
why are you guys acting as if geraldo knows anything.put geraldo in space so nasa can measure weightlessness on weightlessness
because statistically are doing more crime. sadly.
right, which means they must be murdered more.
girl you had 2 weeks for vegas and was still over
i was a kilo under in vegas......
if matthew decides to be a wwe wrestler for halloween then im gunna one up him and be macho man randy savage
if he wants to be a wrestler for halloween he must do 50 crunches a day starting now
send all beats to beats4paqgod.com
check these beats out
bruhhhh it just never works for me!
i'm trying my other ear this time
neewer makes the same light for about 1/4 of the cost. just got one. works great.
i ordered this 1 but i can't imagine playing with it in my face
i was just reading how exercise improves executive skills . good argument for recess for all!
it really works :-) i get my best ideas while exercising
gop needs state of emergencies to win swing states
this presumes a majority is invested in maintaining an unjust status who and mil occupation as a way of life.
girl you had 2 weeks for vegas and was still over
wrong tournament
tweet me for a retweet ~ what do you think: if there's an exception to every rule, is there an exception to that rule????
. sure and lightening could strike you twice?
the very highest of fives
three-way high five!
why do people tell me both my brothers are in the mafia?
well, at least one of them is:
hm i should take part in this huh challenge...
if you do, i can no longer be affiliated with you
please visit twitter handle account bay area bs for balu. add all your friends name in our group cha...
yes!dm me when you're available to talk for any changes/developments.
hello bro i will give u $0.01 for your insta deal or no deal
don't u have work to do
because i'm black, i'm a cop shooter? get your racist ass off my tl. how dare you! yet another hillary race baiter.
nope dummy can u read. i said "vet"/ rt because i'm black, i'm a cop shooter?
as my friend you are only required one thing - making sure my brows are on fleek
ur brows are always on fleek baby
nice layout
the new one is waaaay better dontcha think?
antibiotic resistant bacteria should be a major concern for people
people are ignorant
awe miss you too! come home soon!
some love i'll be back in 3 months for about a week and a half. so we will have plenty of time to catch up.
sorry about the dim lighting. buddy has white fur and the bedsheet is gray.
he must be part dachshund because he's so long between his front and back legs. he looks like falkor the luck dragon, tbh.
is it like when mine updated the other day
it's only at 23% and i started updating it right after i got off ps4
happy birthday miss and love you so much! hope you're having a good ass time out there
i miss and love you too girl! i'm going to come see you guys soon
who's going to join me in dc for (one of?) my birthday part(ies?)
i might be in d.c. this weekend
let's do this
yes good. :d
missing sleep is horrible for all the rest of the day. accumulated sleep debt is like a truck for a necklace. get better.
thanks :) things seem to be improving a little
at a bar watching four baseball games at the same time! this must be what it's like to be four bored people
or me every day
sure, let's pick a comicbook classic.
whatchu got in mind??
thank you for sharing the project!
thank you &lt;3together we can change the narrative around &lt;3
ur rly good at youtube and twitter dot com i'm rly shocked ur not the most subbed person and most followed person in the world
omg jared oban dot com that coming from you what an honor
best caption gets a free ticket to stocktoberfest ...
i wore this blue shirt and tie hoping nobody would be able to see me on this blue background
if criminals &amp; those who support them want law enforcement to curb using lethal force they'll have to agree to brutal take down techniques.
unless they yell don't touch me! then cops must let go by law.
a million dollars isn't cool. you know what's cool? a billion dollars? no. three billion dollars to cure every disease
i imagined priscilla: "curing a million diseases isn't cool. u know wht's cool?" zuck: priscilla: "curing every disease" *drops mic*
happy birthday beautiful
thanks sexy
declared that 11 terrorists who belong to it, &amp; who were accompanying z attacked in w aleppo were killed yesterday
is there a source for this info? please
guys i'm learning to code and it's basically a orgasm. everything. makes. sense. unlike the real world, where nothing makes sense.
oh, i can help u with this.
trump supporters often call me "kebab" because i'm muslim. well, kebabs are delicious, so i'll take it as a compliment! thanks!
i'm surprised they even know enough to say that!
: i am so excited to hear about all your new projects!!!!!
i can't wait to tell you! friday!
i will 100% kill a bitch if my child gets injured at school or daycare
roll up in there like, who in this establishment wants to die cuz my child is injured?????
if you need someone to talk to just hit me up!
thank you love
bruh im the one that told you at the gym! smh
oh yee lol it was one of u squidgets hahah
fahrenthold on trump foundation: penalties could include trump filing false irs tax return and more
it would b a shame if investigation isn't completed prior to election. ppl ought to know who they are voting for.
de gustibus non est disputandum.
. it seems you're using "infra" to mean "separated bike lanes." that's a pretty specialized definition.
nudes. duh. i followed you do we can dm.
chill, i have morals... and standards... not into wrinkles... sorry
but the boston tea party was a bunch of white people
so, whites are allowed to destroy property in protest but blacks cannot? gotsa
there used to be a better way. peaceful demonstration. most are until the goons show up.
yeah the the leaders of that train of though were murdered.
trump effect?
slavery was just too profitable.they were not going to give that up.look at the prison system here,that's modern day slavery for u.
doesn't suck, proves she puts country first.ana has more integrity in her little finger than most ppl.
more than most republicans. yes. dems. no.
aww man. but considering it hasn't even been a week since i submitted that , i can't help but be impressed.
out of cur e os e ti and sharing your sadness where'd u submit?
this is what u do when im out of the class for 10 mins
do you suck your own nipples you fucking weird fuck
morning automatically becomes beautiful when you've something to look forward to.
yes, the sun shines even on a dark day
can't believe this is happening right now my heart hurts for the queen city, this isn't us
for peace.
impressive 72-hour rainfall totals for the greater palm springs area. the socal mountains &amp; deserts needed it!
0.51" rcoc1
you know you are fueling correctly when you finish dinner and think, "well, i need to run tomorrow or audition for role as jabba the hut."
that's how i felt after lunch...
who cares? he's in hell with the rest of them.
you are worthless swine
so you're rationalizing breach of consent. nice to know.
no idea what you're talking about. what does "breach of consent" mean?
love this!
i'm so happy to hear it was helpful for you :)
there are about 40 airbnb local support phone numbers worldwide. yours are in your airbnb itinerary.
no, they aren't.
film &amp; kickstarter are fundamentally incompatible: important reading via
this is a reason my company won't make films. it's all or nothing putting it out in the world. episodic allows 1 piece
it's disgusting how obama &amp; democrats think they own the votes of blacks then do nothing for them
i don't know how i got into this thread, but you know how i think? you must be amazing.
i don't know but we should go back
lol gotta pay off the first trip first
pretty sure he's thinking o the boston tea party. only thing is that was not their neighbor's tea or job
that isn't true &amp; you know it.
when did the church start hosting dancing with the stars....there's a difference between praising &amp; trying to be seen.
and god don't want a song &amp; dance, just some sincere prayers.
i listened to yr band bc of the jesus and mary chain album this is mad good
love that you guys are talking rn
any questions that aren't about dippin' dots or germany pavilion?
why do bad things happen to good people?
there is a deer outside my window and it only has 3 legs
american horror story teas
the lecture de anza gave to the athletes about partying and using social media has me too shook to do anything
what'd they say
this is what's wrong with our country right now. if you have an opinion that differs from the left you're chastised
loud and clear brad!
never mind. it's the passing in &amp; out part not the intoxicated part that flips the switch
"passing in &amp; out"&lt;--it's figurative language. not literal.
try to contact host via the message thread, sms, and phone. also send a dm with details to
i did that, no sms or phone options available. thankfully could provide a phone number
that's true. do you tell them the ways they can support you for free (since they don't wanna pay)?
i mean i dont work in events anymore so there's no real way for me to make them monetarily support what i do.
soros promises $500 million for refugee businesses - part of usa takeover
scumbag!!!!! cancer of the human society!!!
all these protests leading to destruction in cities have occurred during 'obama years'-hillary has same agenda. no change
- we need to get all these facts ready for the debate - put this up in hrc';s face - every minute of the debate
happy birthday to my sis i love you even though your driving is as crazy as we are
i love you sister thank you
a photo for a girl being sold, found on the phone of terrorist killed by soldier
source for this please?
i need some beats
ii got beats
not sure what others think but ur words show u missed the context of not about gun or who but the proper ways 4 all.
for safety &amp; education so that when all these crazy ideas devil throws at us all it won't shake us out of wise acts.
happy birthday!! miss ya
aww thanks nick i miss you too
hey i just saw, i'm sorry. i could not imagine. i love ya. your lady will be there for you, it will get better darling
thank you. we're burrying her right now... my heart is so broken..
i haven't listened to knbr since he was an asshole to me. i encourage others to follow suit. lol
i usually just listen to player interviews or k&amp;ok but things have been too rough to want to.
tomato soup and a grilled cheese is the only thing that sounds good right now.
update: i got my grilled cheese and tomato soup. :)
im happy for you tita and goid luck sa bs nyo
thanks! we need that, hoping for the best
putin is a national bolshevik thug &amp; reactionary. insults, the least of his problems. i only agree that the analogy is inapt
does not at all change the fact that the two countries have to coexist and deal with each other
if anybody wants a ticket to the oracle appreciation event tonight - mine are up for grabs.
hey are you here ? why didn't i see you ?
mr. peacock. @ shellhammer-balinov residence
super amazing
cool recipe i just made up: put tots in the oven for a bit. forget ya did that. get jar of pb (or frosting in a pinch) and a spoon. enjoy!
*writes recipe on 3x5 notecard* sticking that in my book right now! filing it between "bag of popcorn" and "bag of salad."
it's called being done showering
it's cuss i like chillen with my towel on
of the matter asserted therein. they are also presumptively conclusive in the absence of counter evidence
"therein" "presumptively" ... u are a lawyer... a weak one. u didn't get me on "mccain" or "racist" charge.
"passing in &amp; out"&lt;--it's figurative language. not literal.
it'd be like saying that a pregnant woman 'murdered her child' when she went for her abortion.
happy birthday hs hoco queen!!! hope you're having a blast at stanford
thanks so much gorgeous
i'm going to hell her poor foot
you should definitely cover it so she doesn't lick it all night, it'll get infected really easily. she'll be iiiiight lol
leann rimes &amp; johnny mathis will not be performing here. that's for sure.
i want to speak to the manager about this.
donald trump calls for nationwide 'stop and frisk' in pitch for black voters
-how will "stop and frisk" appeal to black voters? how many whites will be stopped and frisked?
i loved that movie
i'm so late to the party. lol. that movie should be watched by all humankind.
i mean i dont work in events anymore so there's no real way for me to make them monetarily support what i do.
- i have a few friends who are trying to break into the youtube market and i know its not going to kill me to watch a 3 minute video
have fun in the desert bud
cocks not glocks
getting the hw
you dont gotta have kik to get the hw tho
never mind. it's the passing in &amp; out part not the intoxicated part that flips the switch
"intoxicated" is a conclusion, not a fact.
i mean i dont work in events anymore so there's no real way for me to make them monetarily support what i do.
but again, everybody doesnt think like that.
"enjoy your rapidly dwindling demographic power." what did the anti-white mean by this?
this is possibly your last electoral hurrah. you'll have to work with other ethic groups as your once solid majority dwindles.
congrats to : the fastest way for sales reps to access data in salesforce. command line for sales!
or the ceo who thinks salesforce is worse than using a 1993 version of foxbase in the cloud.
it's been 24 hours and i can't do it anymore
and y'all had travis
so many potential daddy d's in my life rn i cant handle it
my whoremones are all over the placeeeee
i'm not racist. i was just saying the boston tea party was so yesterday and they were white.
what does it matter when property destruction is used for political ends or color of the protester?
true life: i covered a season of and lived to tell the tale. it's been real.
killed it. if i could vote for you to win, i would
2/2 but i gotta wonder...who died and made uxers the arbiter of smart questions?
domain experts know the questions, visual thinkers know how to make it tangible. magic ensues.
question of the day: should we start surveilling on mosques in new york city &amp; elsewhere? share your thoughts using .
so hannity you doing surverys for trump now??
maybe i need to tell him about the hair club for men!
lmao! well i'm sure he will never write you again after that!
"passing in &amp; out"&lt;--it's figurative language. not literal.
or it'd be like saying that a woman who wears a bikini would be starting a war by doing so.
we've provided links and evidence. we've responded to questions. you avoid all questions and repeat the same
you have not provided links... where are they. i however have. blahahaha. projection much!
yeah, if you saw one you'd want to! big, mean, nasty things, but they taste good!!!
what kinda rifles you got?
let me catch a fucking clown on my property in fl. i don't fuck with clowns
you will be shot if i catch you on my property
way more than just them, look at my spotify, it's called being diverse
tommy just whipped out the moral compass on me wow
nawwww too far maybe i meet in time square or something though
bitch it's like 40 minutes away
nah his yellow teeth
that george washington
sterling's call should be so long solano!!
if its a 1 run shot. it could he could go star wars and call him lan solo! lol
likeeeee 3-4 when it rains it pours
i'm prayin to the bus gods that you make it to ca
does not at all change the fact that the two countries have to coexist and deal with each other
one example, russia's cooperation was essential to implementing the sanctions regime targeting iran and reaching an agreement
oh man, we are so on the same |..wavelength. false flag here, some agents provocateurs over there. something nasty...
i'm inveterate.
that really tugs at the ol heartstrings
had a pliney. was good. headed to the independent.
i definitely need to learn how to use some chopsticks i was having such a hard time eating earlier
bruh what
i see gary has the belt again
yes although i think didi just reused the same photo from last night
if you're drunk and in &amp; out of consciousness, informed consent is probably non-existent.
drunk people are not "in and out of consciousness". you make zero sense.
i heard the bridge got firedlol
ur funny! ; d
i just want pillsbury biscuits every day of my life
ripping them apart layer by layer is freakin therapeutic
someone please remind me why i decided to take calculus my senior year
because math is fun
serious question: how many of us can honestly say we've made good decisions when afraid? regularly? consistently? ever?
: this is why training exists! situational response, de-escalation, even goddamn firearms training.
lmfao he dead ass got the screen shot tho
can't trust him
if you're drunk and in &amp; out of consciousness, informed consent is probably non-existent.
consent is consent. drunk people consent all the time.
for safety &amp; education so that when all these crazy ideas devil throws at us all it won't shake us out of wise acts.
wise actions w/a gun or all things in life here's something that has helped me w/everything in life:hebrews9:13-17..
nah itll be ready in the morning
bless ur souls. get to portland safe then to sac so we can get lit.
dear bruce, yer down 6, nobody on w/ an awful pen. could u maybe have a pitcher bat for himself so we're not here all friggin nite?
he's just helping you get ready for the 4-hour games in october.
lmdaooo i swear i hate this nigga
this nigga is ed he be wylin
that you're trying to tell two lawyers that the official birth cert doesn't count as evidence is hysterical.
the fact that you have not looked into the validity of documents is hysterical.
and she back and she back, and she back, and she back, and she back (@ john f. kennedy international airport)
been in ny all of 5 minutes and i already need a gd cigarette
i still have the grill marks. people think they're my tramp stamp-and i let em!
this twitter convo makes me so happy!
agree. doesn't offer any support if a problem arises. read the fine print, website is very misleading
tweeting got me a phone # from which was helpful. hoping for a full refund but host can still "fix" things
i know you will enjoy po. happy watching. unli cry and kilig
thanks! i will, been waiting for this for like forever /
at least my eyebrows real..
at least you can answer my text ...
i've never seen a robbery on live tv before. our boy got screwed tonight!
you were also a victim of robbery, maybe you should start a support club.
you want me to vote between a medium well steak or a burnt steak?! nah i pass
please vote...i don't even like steak...but old people will dominate this election and we will have no political power (again) :')
woa, never realized how influential post-debate "spin" is. numbers fascinating / troubling via
definitely troubling. i don't like this trend at all, and i'm disappointed in my fellow citizens.
i know the was robbed at the end but the bullpen faltered. can't happen against this team.
terrible job by collins tonight
i have golden circle so standing tickets
awww that's nice i hope you get to touch his hand
"your trailer-hitch hand grenade is prohibited from carry-on &amp; checked bags." now anticipate the counter-arguments:
i just want your crap gone from my life.
hi, sorry for your frustration. please send information to ups at help.com thank you
already done. multiple times. keeping the same email thread open with edwin c.
i honestly can't get enough of vin scully this season.
man. i can't believe i fell for this one...
waiting for sting too old for gwen
she says shit a lot
i always like him. he is a really good actor. love him since 24.
lost boys and stand by me. he is good. always looked like his dad, now he sounds like him too!
trump's namesake has a lengthy association with white supremacist ideology
jewish supremacy is a massive problem also. he's jewish.
say that i'm the only one
guess i'm gonna have to blast it now too!
i like you and hit me up soon
thanks man, i'll try
my life is meetings but they're all pretty awesome so there's that
i don't mind mine but i run a global team so it's 24/7 baby need to find the office bean bag so i can get some sleep
hey did they contact you yet because i still haven't gotten any reply from team ninja
not yet. last year i won the competition too. they contact us next three days after the day of halloween dlc came.
there's a method to what seems like madness
you may be correct. i don't know how effective the mass rally is anymore. it looks impressive,but who knows.
any questions that aren't about dippin' dots or germany pavilion?
i hav a question about how many figments make up a figment ride journey into imagination figment. approximate?
a ufc 205 presser has been called for next tuesday at 6 pm et @ the msg theater. scheduled to appear, per a release, "the stars of ufc 205."
how would yo describe the ufc 205 negotiations
discrimination in all forms will never stop. nut up, love your fellow man, &amp; be responsible &amp; productive.
then their will be no peace. and, perhaps, no america. cheers
thanks my fellow softball teammate baby :)
you're welcome teammate
"it's about power &amp; resolution" -media &amp; sony 2013-2016 "it's about the games not resolution"- media&amp;sony june 2016-present
ok it's about games, sony has little again, let's not talk about that either
oh, i did. you just missed it. because you lack basic logical reasoning skills.
no. i didn't. the evidence you wish to present ( that is obama's birth certificate) has been challenged.
the tv show is smutty-giggly, caustic, and observant about the ugliness of both sexes....
hey i would love to do a piece with you guys my sav killz updated 2016 epk
who said that?
vin scully... perhaps his info is a little off
wasn't able to make it till the end of the 1st episode of designated survivor. you might even say i wasn't...able...to... i can't. no bueno.
it got great a great la times review!
corey crawford always looks so uncomfortable and stiff in net, would make me nervous if i was
those cups tho
they are. check the email sent to you after your booking was confirmed.
nope. i looked everywhere, nothing.
i think that we all got the message.
you can go on forever "thinking" you got it. clearly, you didn't
pres obama said,if u want 2give me good send off,votei say,if ukids in ur life,if uur family,if u life ..stop the barbarian at the gate
100 reasons trump will never be president. i add to it daily. enjoy
giving away red hoodies to the supporters s, m, l , xl sizes only!
maybe i'll win this time
see you in virtual reality
hold on i want to read this in vr
finally at our stop for the next few days and just stuffed my face with the best pizza in california. ...
how's the weather, mommalizbae?
this thing about popcorn is news to me
every popcorn bag says don't use the popcorn button and instead has a special time to enter, swear
&amp; your kicking ass boo keep that shit up and keep getting your money
thanks fran might bitch every now n then but you know i'll never stop hehe
where she live? i just wanna talk
i swear these becky's be doing the most for attention but are offended when poc don't wanna be friends with them like no duh pendeja
see you in virtual reality
this will only take a moment, we're booting up windows
happy birthday i don't remember when this pic was taken but it was
it was last year in branstetter's
any questions that aren't about dippin' dots or germany pavilion?
second question can you sing "listen to the land" which is my favorite song you no longer hear in epcont
i submitted to the american aesthetic. it was for their sonnet section.
oh sweetie heartache! i'm on a writing track. dream of being pub'd in noon. due to be in 's first book
it used to get me so angry when my friends wouldn't support my projects. now i just succeed and act like i don't know them hoes.
- i mean, i've had those moments too. people act real brand new when things go well...
after meeting at let's watch .
oh dang! dealio.
the best love song of all time
you misspelled magic stick good sir
please. everything is like new! and i don't care about your morals...or standards.
clearly... sure you don't care about 's either. lol
a lot can happen in a year ...
not reality for you apparently. you just don't get it.
cheese curds tearin ya up?
rude. no. my dog might have had a seizure.
we cant battle rapists &amp; police at the same time...it is all too much
it is all too much!
you will likely appreciate this as well
oh yes all over this one
what's more pathetic, heartlessness/dissociation w/systematized &amp; institutional oppression of fellow citizens? bigotry is pathetic
hello! lmao
bruised and bloody but here they are
so cute the worst spot to get tattooed
quick, informal poll: should we have jeff wells on ?
well, you seemed like a nice kid.
this will only take a moment, we're booting up windows
okay, loading up steam...
(this is probably not the best advice, i know. :-\)
- lol its fine. truth is better.
technology should be replacing slavery isn't it?
tell that to the blacks and latinos in jail working for 12 to 14cents an hour, earning between 5 to 10 dollars a month.
to all y'all actin like you understood the mr robot finale: bitch please
i have multiple degrees, have read an idiotic amount of theory, don't believe in linear time or singular planes of existence, and yet huh?
fun at the flying j!
would it kill ya!
we are 2 americas. one america lives in the increasingly safe &amp; peaceful world of real life. the other watches cable tv news.
: as if cable news had the courage to cover the darker manifestations of america's cultural issues.
and clinton is fking up by allowing this to become a referendum on that orange dude
she hasn't yet formed a picture in people's mind of how she'd actually lead the country,in my opinion.
good thing xbox has both looks like games, games, games for us this fall
media is dogshit tho huh?
wishing we could be there to see you in action. we've got a good feeling about that catwalk.
we totally killed it! can't wait until you guys see the pics/vids
yes, but growing up in nj, living in boston, ya gotta know san diego is weather heaven. jay
i know....you guyz are very lucky to be able to live in such a wonderful climate!
i identify as a developer, but i'm so glad i learned photoshop 18 years ago. also: 18 years?!? fuck, i'm old aren't i?
18 years ago i hadn't yet learned to type.
actually i do know it. colonists could only buy properly taxed english goods. it was a different protest
and blacks living in a city w/ nearly everything owned by whites is different how?
why can't people just say no instead of ignoring
u never texted me back
*god's bathroom floor plays at concert* girl next to me: i lost my virginity to this song!!! females are so cool
and then we high fived her lol
i submitted to the american aesthetic. it was for their sonnet section.
i'm impressed cuz no one writes sonnets any more. take after my hero bully shakes, eh?!!!
goggles are foggy, wiping them down
alright. good to go. eh moments passed
also on the ageda: &amp; joint project on in sector to ...
another by : monitor the progress of procurement compliant w/ environmental convention...
it makes me happy to see genuine good people like kehlani win. restores my fate in the universe and sht
i feel the same as you meech
oh i'm a total rookie compared to you
what do you like it best for?
is there a fighter jet escorting this airplane?
solved? reports the loud explosions you may have heard over queens/long island were f-22 jets flying over
i'm gonna do a whole food trip! come with!
i am wit it!!!!
this is such a metaphor for life.
coulda been worse, coulda been a gazebo.
2/2 but i gotta wonder...who died and made uxers the arbiter of smart questions?
2 great things happened with the bmc. he understood his problem and he partnered
hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha i tried. i did. but you won't answer questions or actually discuss. now i mock.
the birth cert has been challenged.
confession time? here's what i got secrets i~open~sourced a-plot a private dic~tator now a.i. will call the shot{s} -the accountant
what is history but a fable agreed upon? time dissipates to shining ether the solid angularity of facts. -me...
i will be there! my first nctm conference. i'm beyond excited. mulling presentation proposals over the next month.
what options are you considering?
what should i try for my stream?
you should turn off any lights in your room
guess i'm going to see tomorrow
i might too
easily katt williams
kevin hart is not funny! he's a small man that says all of his jokes in a weird voice and does weird movements
a lot can happen in a year ...
your behavior is bipolar.
thank you president obama. 01/20/2017 can't come soon enough. worst potus ever. he has set race relations back 50 years.
i don't think he set race relations back at all. he did, however, by getting elected, set off the racist right wing.
out here at sjsu recruiting for
highlight of my day
host's phone number should be a cell/mobile one. so you sms to that. host's number is in the message thread on pc, and the airbnb apps.
except when they don't provide a phone number. i assure you i'm not a complete idiot
yeah cause i'm funny, good looking, smart and humble!
im literally all these things so whats ur point exactly?
isn't the best?
. - (can the three of us get burritos?)
if you put a flyer on my windshield and its the same color as a parking ticket
smart marketing! they got your attention!
ilh omg i ranted at a bar full of ppl tonight abt gary technically just my friend but my volume so whole bar
i need to cop the kraken shirt and wear it all over disneyworld next month tbh
robert whittaker meets derek brunson at ufc fight night in australia
robert whittaker looks like danny garcia.
i hate that 98% of the ads that i get online are for del taco- not because they're annoying but because they make me want del taco.
and that we can't have del taco
we should profile any institution or person who professes anti- american rhetoric. this day &amp; age: safety first, america first.
then we should just throw trump in jail right now.can't remember when i've heard any candidate talk to openly against our country
2/2 but i gotta wonder...who died and made uxers the arbiter of smart questions?
with the people who spoke visual languages. until something goods emerged.
clover to be first major dairy to sell non-gmo conventional milk
milk is not gmo. better quality tweeting, please.
(sent with slam effect)
to be fair, i *still* haven't really learned photoshop.
but there was a point behind the boston tea party. this riot is pointless. he should've listened to the police n the 1st place
you're ok w/ whites engaging in property destruction for a cause but not blacks. that's racist, guy. goodbye
none worked harder to undermine trust in gov't from the president on down than &amp; 's birther...
8 years of these shitbags screaming obama isn't american/not legitimate &amp; this???
bitch you're fuckin wildin on gettin all these tats i luv it
my body is my canvas
what are you going to test? cause we already test them.
mostly that href is set to the correct thing
trump is out to "upend the culture" - but in this case it's the culture of institutionalized political correctness...
republicans simply don't have anything defensible to be "for." war? go-go capitalist pricing for health care? oppression?
it is all too much!
it is. it's traumatic. there is far too much happening and in all directions.
not too hot here in pleasant hill! gonna be hot next week though
aww nooo! come over to pacifica and enjoy our fog!! haha
for me, modern family!
that too! it's a hanukah miracle! :)
seriously, you are just not looking properly. are you using a pc or the airbnb ios or android app ?
seriously, victim blaming is not a great way of evangelising a company.
"you bad and you like to be romantic"
is this new????? bc some of flexible lyrics is in this!!!
elizabeth warren to wells fargo ceo: you should be criminally investigated
suggest that all us banks have stated us citizens (non muslim) experienced in banking practices...
fried chicken it is, thanks twit
i spent 30+ minutes waiting for the a train that everyone missed bc it came on the wrong track so i got a cemita at the taco truck instead
yas omg maybe and i love it haha
you probably would i'm glad your seeing him your really going to love it
if someone couldn't love brad pitt, who in god's name is gonna ever love me?
i will, nicky paris. i will always love you.
retweet if you love freeing up space and deleting old emails
, the fact this hasn't yet attained that level is testament to bread&amp;circuses. h/t:
i know, and i use it. it was from facebook, not twitter.
it was written by
that stuff creeps me out can you see any of it?
nope, it looks and feels normal! you can feel a few screws but barely. the incisions flat and small too! go germany! :)
you were the first person to show me that song back when no one knew who juicy j was
i liked juicy j before he was cool...but like...questionable that he was ever cool?
you're a mess. she's a sickly, lying, fundraising, misogynist, homophobic, email deleting, treasonous, corpse.
ur angry... lol
a lot can happen in a year ...
or- you just need more things to do. wake up-pup.
ayy you're crazy should've gave it too me we could've finished it together
i did the honors of killing it myself
best part about having my new phone ... flirting w/ daddy at work lol
send u my new number
imagine if nyt allowed an op-ed contributor paid by clinton or trump to write for us every day. that's what cnn does with lewandowski.
a plant so to speak wonder how frequently he takes calls from djt or his surrogates
this is, absolutely no shit, my amazon recommendations:
damn! that is some hardcore christian shit
somebody has bought a one-way ticket to disappointmentsville.
population: bigger than you thought
those who love anime will understand. a ghostshell movie &gt;&gt;
ghost shell a classic... i hope they will do a good job with that movie
embarrassed to be a giants fan tonight! on espn! wtf!!??!!!!!??
. watching on csn!!!
it is. it's traumatic. there is far too much happening and in all directions.
it makes me sick to my stomach! incomprehensible!
i feel like all i do is post instagram stories now. follow me over there.. "eversley"
only if you follow meeeeeee lesliejisaway
(oh, also: )
she prompted my broader tweet. :-)
work smarter, not harder!
i agree! measure twice, cut once.
the chief of police for overland park at the w.b. henderson memorial district meeting.
so powerful and so needed.
*sigh* manny stop
you seriously going to lie to me and yourself and says he's funnier than kat williams?
elizabeth warren to wells fargo ceo: you should be criminally investigated
...to assure that procedures and rules are being upheld to the crossed t.! please note the issues...
phenomenal movie
his skin color ahhh
yellow teeth ahhh
more irresponsible comments intended to keep things riled up.
so we are just supposed to swallow any pill given to us? witnesses, clergy aren't allowed to share accounts?
first it's muslims then it's people who express hate for the government.
again trump hates our gov. haven't you been paying attention.
sick of hearing "the patriots have a chip on their shoulder" why because your quarterback got caught cheating and had to pay the price?
nobody pissed in your cheerios patriot fans. brady cheated and got caught, get over it.
final hg rankings! bridgette natalie paul tiffany da'vonne michelle victor bronte frank james nicole jozea corey zakiyah glenn paulie
yay paulies disgusting self is last
just go to topshops website and type in ivy park.
lol i legit just finished looking through it. i thought of that after i sent the tweet. thanks
protester kicking and breaking apartment windows on live tv
i'm not saying that looters should be shot. wait a minute, i am saying that. that protester needs some jail time.
we're those guys cav?
yup. 19ds to a man.
big thanks to for judging the grand final, proud to be part of it
great work and thx for the partnership!
we close tonight with our . learn more:
he means it's worse because so many of his racist supports he stirred up are now open in their racism. "i heard from me..."
elizabeth warren to wells fargo ceo: you should be criminally investigated
...presenting in corporate america w/ untrained personnel and managers. % foreign born?
is this not me
true hahaha
aw thank you so much, i will love it to 110% haha
trust me i know because i already saw him when he toured in north america
one example, russia's cooperation was essential to implementing the sanctions regime targeting iran and reaching an agreement
call him downright evil if you want, but at some point every president says to him "can you trust us here, we won't screw you"
real brand new. and i hit 'em like...
lol. sometimes i want to do that. i'm trying not to be petty as i get older
bought my one way ticket to san diego
are you moving to sd?
.5ppr/16 teams, my other wrs are obj, nuk &amp; dez
i would want cooks, diggs, and a 1st for julio. i think that's fair. i'd probably settle for cooks, diggs, and 2nd + 3rdthough
guess who finally picked up their prize today?
that was me in the back seat, i know
a lot can happen in a year ...
you need something or someone to keep you busy hun1
tired of all this college research :(
girl research left and right!!!!
ain't that the truth
her eyebrows are perfect she wouldn't know
why is it?
i don't even know tbh
real brand new. and i hit 'em like...
. i just tell them i've been doing this thing for a while now and they would've seen the growth had they just paid attention.
it makes me sick to my stomach! incomprehensible!
im trying to shut things out, but my daily use of social media makes that very difficult.
come on dude show us ur communist party card! it's obvious what u r! inciter!
yes, i'm your typical, rich, successful, upper west side socialist. what's the problem? we built a great city for you.
where the giants fans at???? lmao!!!!
right here bruh
this thread.
i mean if trump had black or brown skin and acted at all trumplike? it's insane.
you are only one of those things. i'll let you choose
eh i guess ill just have to be stuck up stupid and mean still hot.
i don't watch, more of an adventure time type of person tbh
i respect it
i couldn't love this any more.
thank you!!
real brand new. and i hit 'em like...
it's still rather snarky but it ain't a lie either. haha
this is an image that lasts
so where do the protestors go now to complain about the civilian in their ranks that killed one of their own?
this year african-americans were 13% of the population, 25% of police shootings. you don't have to agree. that's math.
we americans as a nation should dig and scratch a little bit deeper in this problem poverty lids to violence and destruction
okay. killing police and white people over a death is also not respect
name one white person who got killed. i'll wait.
that'll be the reason i go to jail, idc though
lmaoo legitimate reason though.
and during that whole period both countries have to agree on their standpoint?!
we will coordinate as closely as possible
"strategy bat cave"
according to the former execs responsible, that's where it started
ok lbr i'm mad paul lost but stop acting like nat just voted for nicole bc she's a girl lmao paul treated her like shit
and like yeah bitter/emotional votes suck but also, jury management matters and being straight up mean leaves lasting impressions
our new foster puppy arrives tomorrow!! expect tons of pics! let's find this sweet boy a home!...
can't wait to see!!
me bitch have u not seen my white ass ?!
nah i'm pale as fuck that shit is dead paper
here's my porch cat sleeping in a flower pot.
that's a cute weirdo
oooh didn't know this even existed. i plan to watch
it looks intriguing!
*orders four shots of espresso and comes back to me* "can i have some hot water?? this is really strong...." yeah its four shots of espresso
what a pussy
"how's school going??" me:
keep at it!!
hey fans tell me some dodger history that doesn't include any year from 2000-2016.
vin scully. i'm fine with that.
i feel like people are very unaware that today is the last day of summer
. very much aware. i have not even posted my summer stage 2016 photos yet on facebook!
in order to be verified and permitted to list, hosts must add a phone number and an email address.
whatever you say.
when i wanted to wear a romper but its cold&amp;you were like "hoes dont get cold"
that is a true fact "hoes dont get cold"
trump is really feminine with his perfect hair, orange face paint; many white males secretly r in love with him y else support a scumdrel
donald trump's hands are 'childlike'
photographer on cnn saying vandalism is worse tonight than when he was in ferguson
i heard that too and he saod baltimore....
there was a contest? i want this one too
lmao during the summer
when your joke from a month ago becomes an actual thing in pokemon, overpowered eevee best anchor
gallade the prophet
i wouldn't want to serve on a jury
yeah... it's not like the government protects people's civil rights these days anyways.
i'm talking about looters. seems pretty racist to equate those people with blacks, no?
looters should be shot in the head, as fast as possible.
i love this girl so much! she's being a lazy bag of bones but it's pretty adorable.
awww!! beautiful baby!!
"come with me if you want to live!"
actually though!
no...you're saying that. natalie was the most bitter towards nicole. her vote was not because nicole was a girl.
yes it was!! she's been the only hgs for 99 days that said she would vote for a girl no matter what.
when i wanted to wear a romper but its cold&amp;you were like "hoes dont get cold"
when we forced yvonne to go out with us and she said "dont take any pics!!"
oh good. please explain the legal concept for us.
sure! a subject of matter that has been past adjudicated by a court holding power to review matter, and that same
hey nyc!! tomorrow will be madison store 3.30pm come say hi! first 20 in line join me in photo booth, che...
i have rescheduled my afternoon meetings for a mysterious appointment. can't wait.
elizabeth warren to wells fargo ceo: you should be criminally investigated
clarifyingi that all branch managers be stated &amp; experienced us personnel to assure safe practices.
please, please, please!! baseball won't be the same without his grace, voice &amp; timeless storytelling.
i agree sean grande.
anyone else love police dramas as much as us? set your dvr for the season premiere of at 10/9c on...
i can not wait to get home and spend my weekend watching my favorites movies! off course with my daughter !
lol i say this all the time -daedae
man &amp; it's crazy cos it happen when u least expect it
for halloween i've decided i'm going to be a missing stylus or stylus thief... thanks for the idea
we could be a team of stylus thieves!!
and like yeah bitter/emotional votes suck but also, jury management matters and being straight up mean leaves lasting impressions
both nicole and paul had shitty jury management and nicole's game wasn't terrible. we all knew if he took her it was gonna be a toss up.
scratch that. got work louis just added another date &amp; by some miracle, guess who just scored front row seats! see you in the front, louis!
yoooo that's amazing! have the best time!
how and when did you become a victim?
oh bless. goodbye!
well, tell her to stop:)
she doesn't look like she takes orders from anyone
police amen. these idiots need to be caged like the animals they are. worthless!
- you are so right. was right - this wouldn't happen in his city.they would be in jail or laying in street bloody
it's bouta be lit. you get to see me be angry or something.
let me barrow a jersey lol
right like the game has changed
how have we ever tweeted before without night mode? i don't even use "day mode" anymore haha.
peyton "really enjoyed the historical representation of segregation" in sugar by
i am so happy! hello, peyton.
i should start packing some stuff
what hell is going on here !?
pro tip: when your business is selling ads, best not to piss off the people whose eyeballs you want on those ads.
had nothing to do with the fact that game sucked balls.
. : "people expect me to be some kind of a spokesperson for the pakistani muslim. i am not." thoughts?
entirely too true--this is a labor that should be shared between people, but where do we start?
do you think my anger controls me?
what the fuck, guys?
'a sh t ton of famous people' telling you to vote for hillary via
shit ton a dumb rich a holes who want four more year of barry. bs!
psychology says parents of exceptional kids never say these 10 things
i just want to give my exceptional kid an extra special participation trophy after reading this.
omg vin scully calling the game on espn!
just for an inning so the rest of the country can hear his greatness
so. freaking. cute.
he's a doll so beautiful
you're missing out!
pixelmator is enough for what i need.
yes, he's quite shifty. it's fun to see him dance, though.
i'm not dancing... although i do have moves
the get down!
what's that?!
you never came over ...
i thought it was tuesday
lmao. los been watching too many mets games.
lmao, first time i've seen him pitch all year.
i'm on iphone6 - ios 10.0.1. and my daily question today doesnt show up. help?
oh no! can you try deleting the app and reinstalling the updated version for ios 10?
trump is asking america what to say at the debates. america suggests, "i am no longer running for president"...
everyone should do this!
t-sun is the goat
t sun is lame but t loc is cool
one other thing for tonight: the rate at which american police are murdering black people is a travesty.
please take a look at campaign zero.
we're those guys cav?
i was on an alaskair burb-seatac flt w/ty carter. capt let him exit first:
be a beauty vlogger next
hey don't give him ideas i don't want the competition
true. it's a fine line to walk. if they've seen how much hard work you've put in and can't or won't acknowledge that, fuck 'em.
that's just fucking rude tho. i've done my best to just dissolve any kind of associations to people who do that shit.
im happy for you tita and good luck sa bs nyo
thanks for the good wishes! so excited!
they're low key big but if you really want to.
ughh i have like a t shirt and that's it
i'm so thankful i'm not white
i hope you are educated enough to know that not all white americans support trump. stop racially profiling people
she did deserve it. i don't like her, but she played a good game.
i guess. ugh.
i dont appreciate your sarcasm, dietschy! just keep making cool shit! and being cool!
whet is sarcasmmm jareddddd but fo real thanks dude same to you
woman featured in trump camp's testimonial video promoting trump is person the trump organization pays to promote t...
this looks like a hostage video. they were probably torturing her cat off camera.
sad!!! bawi ka sa weekend
yes tita! wish me luck! 2 parties on the weekend
agree, of course
also this is part of their running list of complaints where they feel like our leaders have lied to/manipulated them
a wild prophet?!
stealthless actually just blew my mind
i was always under the impression that it was because he was going to withdraw troops from vietnam?
part of control aspect of life events &amp; more $production or printing/profits reason etc
da'vonne- you (nicole) got burned by christine and then came in here and burned every single girl
&amp; you voted for her so?.....
my glass is half full..clearly trump has convinced you, that your glass has been stolen. big difference
trump isn't the reason the gop is cancer. it metastasized long ago.
i went to school in lynchburg virginia for a semester man they still in the 60s b
"lynchburg" lol.. not surprising at all
when is elected we will once again be the strongest country in the world. has almost destroyed americ...
i agree with you steve
it's a huge responsibility to own this great franchise and priceless brand.
so what are they going to do rick?
you are so fucking dumb. i can't say it enough. go to another country of you can't respect the freedom you get in america
fyi nlibertusfight &amp; her group are bad news. they're *not* blm. they're a self-serving fringe group. they believe only blm.
one of the best albums
that whole album is amazing
not messing around.
if this is what college is all about i'm glad i haven't gone yet
why is it called a "group" in overwatch but a "party" in world of warcraft?
they are now "blizzard group" and "blizzard party"
i know terry is getting bashed tonight, but: the offense scored one run after the first two batters. they didn't do their job tonight either
na terry moves were little league
it's my fav!
that song is literally great
on your suggestion, i watched all of john wick. holy smokes, this is close to man from nowhere-level of good.
i mean, this is some raid 1 sorts of brutality. but westernized.
the 14th amendment?? and you're claiming this isn't about race?!?! omfg.
please hold... will educate you ...but dealing with three others at the moment.
is it bad that i think my backpack is actually big.... /:
it's terrible
same. i've been to games and could only tolerate like half inning before hitting the bar instead lol
baseball stadium are for chilling with friends
get a sweater. it's chilly af in there.
i don't want to spend another $60 on a sweater
so let me get this straight -- how many remaining games does sea need to win to make the wild card?
2 more than baltimore
is beautiful in september with beachy weather and fewer crowds. who's up for a ?
byok: (bring your own kalashnikov.
just finished towers falling all i can say is wow! i hope there will be a sequel seeing these characters in 10 years
wow! what a thought. a ya book about deja, ben, and sabeen. sending love
i can't stand it.
night mode is where its at.
da'vonne about nicole: "she played a hell of a game!" da'vonne says bb isn't a popularity contest, and nicole came to win.
what did she do tho? somebody please explain that to me
elizabeth warren to wells fargo ceo: you should be criminally investigated
the ceiling should be at branch manager level. beyond that only stated us citizens well qualified.
please, continue....and we will show you plan c....
good. and we'll defeat you fascists as we did in gettysburg and omaha beach. hope you're ready..and adaptable
"badlands"...terrence malick, 1973
i love that scene
that moment when you call your parents after moving in and the first question is: "how's matthew? is he okay? did he move in ok? r u nice?"
continued: "are you nice to people? did you make friends? did you smile? do you need more money? food?"
triggleymuzz - australia's answer to triggleypuff?
holy shit...i'm barely halfway thru this wrenched thing and i wanna find vodka..lots of it
yeah honestly
just gotta find someone worth putting up with
help trump prepare for the debate by filling out this survey(suggested answer:putin's butt tastes like cotton candy)
ask him to release his taxes
u lying right
the rest of the stuff is blah. a denim pullover hoodie?! i'll pass. .. and then it's the denim that you know will fade. ..
"it's really not that deep"
i mean :/ of she choosin
it was absolute garbage. insult to handicapped. (imo)
they needed a gag doctor of some sort. not funny. preachy. dull.
dylan noble was shit by police being unarmed. no one heard because apparently it only matters if he was black
fyi blm recently protested cops shooting a white guy. so you're wrong. besides it's not their responsibility to take that on
moore is done after three outs, cain coming in. given the pitch count, wonder if moore will take cueto's spot on sunday ...
what happened with him? he couldn't locate? (didn't see game)
i'm way too tired and i just started thinking about ajj and almost started crying why am i like this
they are such a good band,,,,,
"do we want our children to one day say to us, 'you knew this was a problem and you didn't do anything?' " david
season 1 changed my life and invigorated a passion i never anticipated
step up and let hillary know you've got her back. add your name now if she can count on you in november!
- horseshit - not in a million years.. i will not let my country become another nation of islam. fuck muslims and fuck islam
hope this bit of humor helps make you a little less angry today. :)
you are too kind. thanks.
fuhrman: keith scott's family was not at the scene...yet they project this narrative that has caused exactly what we're seeing.
mark fuhrman, have you ever falsified a police report? fuhrman pleads the 5th.
sometimes i have to give the promise-haters a point.
why nest the promise? they should flow normally.
omg nice, what date? how long is the concert? yeah i saw him 2013 and i bet i'll love this one even more or something haha
well justin performs for an hour and 45 minutes and i saw him may 7th july 9th and july 18th at msg
it's this really good show about the bronx in the 1970s
okay i'll have to look it up!! thanks
3.when hanson was 19 he became the editor of cinema, a film magazine owned by his uncle, jack hanson. (it had a "wa...
oh, i miss the issues of that i owned... (the wandering representative later became a publicist &amp; actor in landis's schlock)
since you're blind, you'll probably be rejected
i figured that will probably be the case.
it's not real. i just found out
well that's a relief!
oh hey, you answer questions! ok next one: obama born in hawaii or nah?
don't know. don't question it. don't care. but i respect those who do...especially forensic forgery experts.
aid convoy: proof us predator drone |..on scene prior to attack russia says, us dosn't deny.
guess what? even having a couple heavyweights |..rt you won't make a forbidden subject budge. ...
that's the right answer
oh so you think im hot? thanks babes
katt williams content was repetitive. weed &amp; butch niggas vs real niggas. dassit
all comedians are like that. all hart "jokes" about is his height, how much of a bitch he is and his family...90% corny.
horse in motion (1878) - eadweard muybridge the animatrix: the second renaissance (2003) - mahiro maeda
the second renaissance is my favorite part of the matrix franchise.
this is what we've been waiting for
i would pay anything for it
what was in a 78-game season?
+127. 2nd place was san rafael. at -15.
you think we gonna do it?
genuinely don't know
i'm both titillated and repulsed by the 1/3'rd tracy flick...
chosen for her hair (now like mine!), her ambition, &amp; her feminism
in case u've been on another planet for the last 30 years, neither party has anything to write home abt
wrong! delete your account.
heh. they're just still in the boxes i filled when i culled my shelves.
some books i cull go straight in the rubbish bin
i got bioshock 1,2,3 , 2k16, the warriors, psychonauts, last of us, black ops 3 season pass
for what system you have the warriors?????
matt moore was one out away from a no-hitter last time here. tonight he faced 10 batters and retired 2.
what happened?
we americans as a nation should dig and scratch a little bit deeper in this problem poverty lids to violence and destruction
those who have brought us to this situation should be prosecuted. !!! to start from the top!
the third character is sketch comedy.
please don't cry
takes the leap this monday, september 26. are you ready?
sooooo ready!
788 people killed by police in us in 2016 57 in *september* alone uk police killed 57 people over *37 years*...
the man leading this protest was assassinated anyway
prior to embracing (figuratively) our noisy owl, i dreamed of prepping him in various chicken recipes.
seem to recall a story of augustus having a noisy owl too?
you had your chance. i'm sorry you didn't take it.
you are sorry... and that's understandable. carry on!
why can't ya just smoke weed and get ya back blown out to the weeknd like normal people heathens!
lmaoooo i aint never smoked anything in my life
i support police departments. yes there are bad cops but that doesn't mean to blame every cop for anything that goes wrong
i don't believe all cops are bad. my daughters bff who i've known since he was 3 graduates from the academy this week.
i still get "forgot to go to a class all semester" dreams.
me too! you should read this.
absolutely. i'm behind profiling 150
gee what about the constitution?? you can't just cherry pick the amendments you like.
did you watch go on? moments of it felt similar to that, too.
no, i never saw that
right.. but being a indian he is right in this moment. we need to prepare before attacks as they r terrorist
if u have family member / close friend in army just ask this question to them. u'll get ans "we r ready".
so did pull plus sizes out of all of their stores or..?
i will flip
i remember one episode about a guy who was swept away in a flood and a woman who was tormented by a ghost. such a mysterious universe.
good memory. i remember that they would provide updates to previous stories to keep us informed. truly damn good journalism
they absolutely can be.
if a drunk person is "not conscious", then how can a drunk person drive a car?
machine gun kelly - young man ft. chief keef
love the authenticity you always deliver in your videos k you are such an awesome pe...
happy birthday !!
thanks britt miss &amp; love ya lots!!
my mom swear she doesn't wanna push me away but that's all she's doing by bitching at me
be nice to mamma
they're doing backyard interviews on the feeds rn, in case you didn't know!
ugh i can't even lmao
you're such an idiot! does that count if i say it directly to you?
no because if someone has an issue with me if rather them check me like a man than talk shit behind my back
im currently on the east coast so technically, happy birthday!!!
you're a sweetheart! thank you &amp; safe travels
fuck you mike briana is a bitch and you're a slut don't fuck with ave you stupid whore slut bag
mike over here looking like a retarded marshmallow that hasn't shaved in 5 days
ps4 lmao it's on my ps4 tho
yo i got a ps4 and i barely know how to do anything cool w it
carl jung and sigmund freud celebrity death match
i think if they were around today they'd challenge each other to a biggest vapecloud contest
i don't know if rally goers = voters
i think in trump's case he might feel he has to do them to get local attention,becuz he has far fewer commercials than clinton
you get the feeling she was in control from the very start. sexy, sensational ...
your cup runneth over dani
if a drunk person is "not conscious", then how can a drunk person drive a car?
driving under the influence is predicated upon the drunk person being conscious.
i've had this in my drafts for a while
see, this is something i do not agree with. songs about jane is the one imo.
i support police departments. yes there are bad cops but that doesn't mean to blame every cop for anything that goes wrong
the problem is training cops to shoot first ask ?s later. and the code of silence keeps good cops from reporting bad ones
i like your approach better. :-)
- that's the biggest insult tho. "oh you still do the freelance thing?" okay so you obviously don't take my endeavors seriously.
dave is melting lol
well i won't be tweeting him, he obviously doesn't have an answer for his blatant hypocrisy
my reason..my grand daughter
cute pics in thread all families.. joy-peace inside for power out..for kidos
i hope u find the anime baby before that day comes
this tot.. this anime tot
answer the question posed, then you can show krystle your moves in dm
i'm not her private dancer, who dances for money.. does what she wants me to do... (tina turner)
driving under the influence is predicated upon the drunk person being conscious.
otherwise, how would the drunk person even put the key in the ignition if "not conscious"?
i don't care about gaining respect from twitter accounts i don't know you nor do i care about you lol
you only exist to me when login in on here
kd: "i feel like i'm slighted all the time." just one time i'd like an athlete to say "i appreciate being properly rated."
total tim duncan move
no question today??
yes, it's there...can you try deleting the app and reinstalling? we updated the app for ios 10 :)
belated high five aw yeah
awwwwwwwwwwwww yeah
if you're working, paying bills, taking care of ur kids, cooking, cleaning you don't have time 4 this
bullshit. not everyone is a 1950s housewife who lives for patriarchy and doesn't give a shit about racism and prejudice.
new wednesday routine includes sassy discussion of ahs via snapchat with
just in case anyone was wondering ***spoiler***
yesssss my boo renee lookin beautiful as always wooooooo look at those pearly whites yall
you're so cute ily
trump settled lawsuits - this one for employment racial discrimination
trump kept blacks away from mob boss at casino
day's was so cute! i'm mad at her, but i love her! but also yeah this is taking too long tbh
i already gave up too much of my life to the nicole show
i will do all that i can to bring that vision into fruition.
your words are always bold , collected, and confident yo
he's golfing
hou got it, nivht league
watch risenoneup with me on twitch! watch my boi
im not streaming lol i was lagging, but ima see if it's cool rn
a neighbor has stacks of empty avocado shipping boxes out front. should i report it? anyone with so many avocados must be into shenanigans.
naw maybe they're just making lots of guacamole
"in we trust." premieres tonight at 10|9c.
perfect bday seeing him on tv again !!!
right.. but being a indian he is right in this moment. we need to prepare before attacks as they r terrorist
: nod on "ready" will be decided by armed force. if the r ready than we are ready.
seeing rachel in the bathroom was the only good part of my day
bout to hop in that shower.
it's not my responsibility to take on a black person getting shot. we don't have white lives matter. whites are raced upon too
where's the folks then? seems they only show up to criticize blm.
obama hasn't done anything for black people so i'd be surprised if he called of visited charlotte himself!
well trump's gonna stop and frisk black people on a national level. is that better???
the best things about america's public lands:
it is heading east...(our california bear).
need some new bands to listen to! most of my faves are breaking up or have already broken up
is always classic and not going anywhere
she isn't even bothered at all and i'm so sad how did i let this happen i'm never leaving the house again
oh i'm sure it'll be okay, i mean three legged dogs are adorable too haha
getting a called yr son/ daughter is in jail. racist cops stops their car for bs. identifying yr child's body.
my parents were there...got call, i was in jail...for what...being a hippie. got profiled, stopped, car searched
right. except whatsapp had a big user base for reasons outside the us &amp; texting. allo has, um, um :)
i agree that the features are lacking. *however* their hotmail-like viral loop over sms gives them a shot at traction
let me barrow a jersey lol
i have some jerseys! you can borrow one!
i'm angry that there is still no instagram app for my ipad
their should be
is such a whiner. she's losing because she's corrupt, sickly, anti-american, and doesn't offer any solutions.
you got that right
for christmas? lol
you can purchase for me any time you'd like to
thought of that night when i seen this
that's dead gonna bc my new thing lmao
that's your opinion.
if a person is unconscious, then 'drunkenness' is entirely incidental.
or she's the bastard child of and . ...
"who's your daddy-uncle???"
i showed da'vonne all your memes and this was her response
thanks for being our ambassador jarrett. our boots on the ground.
also this is part of their running list of complaints where they feel like our leaders have lied to/manipulated them
some very valid, some really not. but they are gonna treat her like she has no respect for them and it will be very bad going
join us-i'll be on a panel tomorrow night. with so many cubs fans there, i presume they wanted someone to relay how...
atleast they could have got the spelling of rany's surname right?!?!?
if ehire adrianza could handle that routine double play ball... jesus christ.
lol stop it dude. you're the best entertainment on twitter. ever.
jumajadine ang sked mo hahahhahaha!! good luck!
leveling na kami tita
oh, come on and find out...i'm sure security will let you up on stage...:)
tempting, but she's gone :-(
but you live in the cold.
i have a few jackets too!
right. except whatsapp had a big user base for reasons outside the us &amp; texting. allo has, um, um :)
unfortunately it is likely all-for-not as you mention :)
omg nat is next and then im out
i'm glad she got top 3!
"you would think there is almost, like, something wrong." -donald trump on mitt romney failing to release his tax r...
shame on him.
if a person is unconscious, then 'drunkenness' is entirely incidental.
they might be unconscious due to being kicked in the head during an mma fight.
first time in awhile i feel anxious. maybe cause vader is running around like a cat possessed
my anxiety has been bad lately. think it's everything going on.
days before rodeo is his best work
by far! his other two are solid just nothing like that first one.
te miras super cute
fuck you hoe
aaaand fans, which dodger do you like the most. don't lie, you like at least one....
obviously charlie culberson
japanese rain is strangely soothing ... ... bri
unless i have outdoor plans i love rain .it is soothing and i have ny rain.
i'm not ready for all this tv to be taking up my reading time
me too!!! thank god movies don't really pick up until publishing season dies down
saw you're looking for california books. some of my favs: - season of the witch by talbot - cadillac desert - hackers by steven levy
thanks! loved season of the witch and adding the other two to my list
and that's great. but i never saw people as certain races until blm happened. people weren't this racist for a long time
yes they were. it's just been under cover. i grew up in charleston sc where white ppl speak freely around other whites.
october 15 i think.
oh, ok. might be in there
lol i mean try bc i must be doing something wrong then tell me what you did
i just understood what u saidbut i've been trying to shoot my shot since june and i'm too scared
ruby!!! gotta hook me up with some harv bball gear this year miss ya
u got it. i'll let you know when we start the orders. good luck this year!
agreed, i'm finishing my bachelor's in criminal justice, can't catch bad guys w/o it
no you can't just go out on witch hunts. someone needs to commit a crime first.
the cookies look horrible.
do they taste horrible?
but not racism?
that's is what bothers me the most!!! we didn't have racism 8 years ago!!! at least not to this extent
so many anecdotal stories! like i'm fairly sure the
i am too i voted for sanders. the nation who endorsed him wrote a well written piece about jill.
g.h.w. bush endorses -
is she (evil witch) related to the bush family?? no wonder!!
some very valid, some really not. but they are gonna treat her like she has no respect for them and it will be very bad going
it just annoys me bc she has no real idea what she's doing out there, she makes it up as she goes along
well it's not me so
you text back so quick my phone wet af
what the fuck
my life is currently at a low point. i was about to watch some hardy boyz videos but i stopped myself.
you know my deepest darkest desires. and would def agree
i don't wanna talk about carpe. i am still in a very painful withdrawal period.
this combined with how he smiles when he talks, i feel like he's a good friend. i don't like when friends go away :( :(
i've been listening to him since i discovered am nighttime long distance radio in the early 80s. i'll miss him too.
mi nephew baby angel he's the reason we must
oh he's a ball.. getting help from uncle to focus on the inside things as grows a go-getter already?
they might be unconscious due to being kicked in the head during an mma fight.
but it still doesn't explain your "in and out of consciousness" contention.....
go look at the apes twitter lol
lmfaooooo oh nahhhh whose mans!?
i didn't even last a minute with it.
i find it easier to read outside honestly if its really bright. definitely easier on the eyes at night as well
there's nothing that bothers me more than people that get everything handed to them.
&amp; then they still complain about having a rough life
nice....the jews weren't armed, comrade! please, try that w us! i heard a pizza hut closed by u and have a sale on...
you're outnumbered wingnut. you're rifles won't help. lol
"i wish my name was whitney so u could call me whit the tit" real life quotes from
meat my balls
this. girl's. voice.
so good seeing you tonight!!!
omg the dogs! (what does the warning say?)
it's this but it's two whippets and it says "we can make it to the fence in 2.8 seconds.."
i love my life and i love the people in it..but i can't help but feel like something is missing. i can feel it. i just don't know what it is
i don't know if it's someone or something but i feel like there's one piece of the puzzle still missing
help trump prepare for the debate by filling out this survey(suggested answer:putin's butt tastes like cotton candy)
taking this survey made me laugh for hours, thx!
wikileaks, if clinton becomes potus, soros will be in control of shadow govt!!
knowing this, how can anyone vote for her?
trump says he ended birther talk to "get on with the campaign"
who wonders if trump's surge has attrctd genuin malgnt evil spprt aka old royal dutch nazis? worms hidg n woodwork sinc 1950
hillary's with us...if you sell out american workers (bad trade deals edition)
oh, you think cheetonazi is with dickbags like you? ever ask yourself why he has mexican &amp; chinese sweatshops?
greys is tomorrow and i'm still in season 11
lmao i'm rewatching all seasons again you need to catch up
ima regret posting thse cause you have a bunch of embarrassing picture of me but fuck ittttt
truuuue better watch out hoe! haha
paul was robbed! who thinks paul was robbed? i do! we were robbed! paul is the only real winner!
paul was robbed bc he really played the game. nic just sat it out or coat-tailed corey.
take it v. seriously. give me ~3 weeks. we are on it.
this is why you're a pro
when softball sunday's get cancelled &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
i needed to double retweet it
and that's great. but i never saw people as certain races until blm happened. people weren't this racist for a long time
do you have any black friends? i do. they often get profiled &amp; harassed. all the time.
snooki said her vote was set in stone before the finale. i mean nat.
it was set in stone the moment she walked in the door, people with this mentality shouldn't be on the jury.
i don't speak dumbass so this went right over my head sorry
i'm sorry, guess you never enjoyed your childhood.
if you are curious about what motivates zuck &amp; partly influences his actions, read "the structure of scientific revolutions" by kuhn.
. appreciate the recommendation
and he cares. "it's not racist! respect the questioners! wah!"
no, i really don't. i look at like like i look at my baloney sandwich... i don't question the quality.
oh god, how you do that? oddly they ignore me and i've hammered their god lots.. they rightly scared o me :)
i seem to be bumping up against them quite a bit lately.
maybe! or it might just be annoying :) but we'll see. i just feel the odds are against it
well that's already a given ... google never gets social right! sometimes facebook doesn't as well!
oakland planner heroes at a wake for los
yeah! now death to traffic congestion period, at least when it comes to bicycling, walking safety improvements
wow looks like a fiery cage ..
that's what the sky might look like during a trump presidency.
stay connected at home and on-the-go. switch to verizon wireless &amp; fios and get 50% more wireless data for life.
i already have food and witeless
should i be offended that my friends knew the "can't even" would be my drink of choice
if you won't have it, i will.
i think i'm going to fail my algebra 2 test, and i feel like having a panic attack
i'll text you the answers
but it still doesn't explain your "in and out of consciousness" contention.....
unless said unconsciousness is due to head trauma from a knock out strike.
this afternoon we were debating how to change our trump editor's note since he was no longer a birther. then he went back to being one.
who wonders if trump's surge has attrctd genuin malgnt evil spprt aka old royal dutch nazis? worms hidg n woodwork sinc 1950s?
we been thru this
blocking you.
omg i've only seen orphe. i must fix this.
blood of a poet and beauty and the beast are essential.
legit 20 minutes into bo2 and already getting a scar sweaty every lobby hahaha. how fun man...
just played a full party of scar h silencers
is there a law against holding a gun? that would defeat the whole purpose. at what point is a gun dangerous?
yes, there is a law. it's called brandishing a weapon. you can unholster when you are threatened.
i would put my own meme here but ion wanna u know the face i'm making tho
is this the face??
it's wednesday night but i finished all my work for the weekend so i can hang with my girlies
can't wait
the new gt4 is pretty godly
and like half the price of a gt3 rs lol lets do it brah 2 years
i'll text you the answers
bruh really
exactly yeo
u feel me chrisss
and my day finally comes to an end! despite being dog tired, can't wait for my students to see what i worked on for...
seriously would've died to have someone as cool as you as a teacher when i was a lil nugget
solid. i feel my sock game is on point as well, today
not too shabby!
one of the kids raised his hand and pointed out the grammar errors on the first page :|
i'm the kid
lmao i don't turn up tho :/ study life xd
i dont turn up either
my reviewing responsibilities for fya start again this week so i'm like
wait you write for them?!!! and nancy's phone must be blowing up with all of our notif...
dude punch harder than tyson
bruh this guy knocked me out just watching this
got some good feedback but i think we jumped the gun. should've been a little further in postproduction.
maybe you can present again later on :)
i have a few jackets too!
yesss ! thank you
rudy giuliani exposed as key player in donald trump's escalating trump university bribery scandal via
is a &amp; should have gone to , along with , !
skit practice, hw, season premier of svu and survivor tonight. morning practice tomorrow. therefore, imma drink 7 redbull tomorrow
i'm buying my ticket to come see you!
reading book i'm hearing voices from memory 'if you ain't cav you ain't shit!' and smiling thinking 'yup'
my daughter's honorary uncle won that there moh also.
. how does it make u feel that a quote tweet from an account with a 9/11 pepe avi has more likes/rts t...
what's the point of the 9/11 image
literally the best thing that has ever happened to me and i appreciated it when i get older.
sometimes i wish my parents put me in some sort of dance class...smh
i can remember the days when clarke would fight his own battles.
once again a "tolerant leftist" resorting labeling and smear tactics against someone they disagree with1/2
grateful to be in nyc with at for "sharing the gospel in contemporary culture." please pray for our time together
thank you for investing in us today!
bruh really
nah lol. but good luck. didn't you go to tutoring?
if someone possibly had a chance to attack me, i sure as hell would shoot first.
the problem is they're shooting people when they're *not* being attacked.
that phone is so nice... it's still &gt;&gt; any iphone lol
i agree 100% only downfall is the front face cam
yep, universal app. the min spec is unfortunately ios 8 on iphone 5 / ipad 2 though. =o
well now i know what to get people for xmas!
we all meed to boycott
i already do
my uber won't stop hitting on me helpp
wait he actually looks exactly like keith from buzzfeed
drove all the way up to to try the where the bun is made out of with...
this is really a thing? i need it in my life!
happy birthday brother enjoy yourself live it up deff gotta get up soon been a min lmk where u end up i'll pop something
thanks bro &amp; deff we need to link up bro . let's get shit popppin
in court, in lawmaking, in education, &amp; in protest. this looting and violence is hurting you and the cause :(
. i don't know what you're talking about.
with my savages man
until y'all meet the dragons
nowhere. i was flabbergasted. she's too deep in her feelings imo but she didn't deserve that.
she just a squirrel tryna get nut right quick. lol. never seen someone tossing it like that and being stone rejected
i think i need a break from social media
i haven't been on facebook in months because i honestly just can't take it anymore and it's been a great decision
i'm going to assume has no respect whatsoever for the police then.
u don't understand shit u greedy whore. still collecting $ from your former employer duke?
3 years ago today, when ivan puked and slipped in it and matt hosed him down in my backyard. always remember the 21...
damn, i peaked that night.
i'm back-ish.
stay back. it's still not safe...
unless said unconsciousness is due to head trauma from a knock out strike.
but drunk people certainly do not randomly lose consciousness.
a bomb ass pizza is what you're missing
oooo that do sound good rn
i have 2 days to convince this german to marry me. let's strategize.
bring this german to toni erdmann
if someone possibly had a chance to attack me, i sure as hell would shoot first.
but yeah i can understand defending yourself.
under further inspection, those are 's
happy belated bday my man.
that's bs. he hires &amp; employs all.
really? there was a photo of the employees at his new dc hotel. i could count them on one hand.
there is no lesser of two evils. there is only evil
republicans want to eliminate the epa. just that reason alone is enough for me to fight them to the death.
my asian jawn the baddest
where her friends at though
hit me with those questions, i'm bored and just injured myself internally by eating at fazoli's.
is tom from stray the nicest person you've ever met?
and yet, here you are engaging in the debate for how long? i can tell how much you don't care.
i care about the racist claim. that was my point.
at parc 55 but leaving early tomorrow. sorry i didn't get to meet up.
aah am near but way too tired
can you keep on believing when believing doesnt feel like its working? time is also a test of faith.
bro, my mind is flashing back to all these messages while you tweet ha. thankful for the breakdown of moses!
and now they have to go through the process of losing a parent again??? that's pretty fucking mean
they gotta be responsible and split custody 50/50 that should be the case every time unless one parent isn't fit.
i had a dream recently. i was falling to my death out of a flying aircraft. my final action was tweeting "i love you" and "oops"
i also had a dream recently that a falling plane landed on me o___o
lol dude chill. im trying to sleep. i'll send you an address tomorrow we can fight them
you guys can both come to my house in the morning i'll ref it
beautiful two most muscular poses!
amazing~how strong!
q: what kind of perverted persons steal from sick &amp; starving people? a: bill and hillary clinton ...
yep the clintons
thanks - but it's the left wing that is racist. study history of the democratic party. they lie to black americans for votes.
that poor, tired old line. i have studied history &amp; understand what was &amp; is now-i'm grateful the right wing is a minority.
my first session tomorrow isn't until 10:45am if any of you are free in the morning...
brian my first session is 10:45 as well
i see they want free stuff again! democrats....
free stuff - like the bailouts rich white bankers got after they screwed over the entire nation?
i can't believe he caught that ball
too aggravated to sleep!
if someone possibly had a chance to attack me, i sure as hell would shoot first.
google levar jones. it was all on dash cam. poor guy was just reaching for his license, which the officer asked him for
is trump bringing back jobs ? really ?
bringing them back overseas.
over an hour. so much not caring going on in this thread.
i don't care. i say that. but i respect those who do care, and i oppose those who loosely use "racist" label.
clearly you never lived in saudi you don't speak arabic and you do not understand wahabiazim
i could be wrong, of course, was basing opinion off anecdotes...
i think it already did with that quiz lol
true asffff
and now they have to go through the process of losing a parent again??? that's pretty fucking mean
my step daughter is being kept from my husband right now because shes still bitter and jealous. it's sad
that's not a criminal statute. it appears to be part of the education code.
"the new law requires all colleges to adopt a set of comprehensive procedures and guidelines"
mohammed was a pedophile warlord who raped women &amp; beheaded people. he would be leader of isis today! run along now
true only 1 who can battle mohammed &amp; all corrupters is jesus the christ: hebrews9:13-17 (5x's idea;will &amp; testament)!
more us cities push for local laws overseeing digital surveillance by cops
who wonders if trump's surge has attrctd genuin malgnt evil spprt aka old royal dutch nazis? worms hidg n woodwork sinc 1950s?
i am not judging her, the fact she is now a citizen nvr mentioned.
wish they had mentioned it. read her book for another perspective.
max schrems just thanked facebook, "a sponsor of last year's pioneer awards"
so well played
i can remember the days when clarke would fight his own battles.
you don't have the balls or half the courage has. you're a little twerp spouting biased media talking points.2/2
still mad u didn't go with this
i'm better than this, we're all better than this
that happens all the time. not even from police most of the time. there's more corruption other places than police departments
i can't agree with that. i couldn't say either way.
sorry steven, but no peace here in charlotte for the second night! looting at bobcats arena! my friend!
so sorry my brother! who shall save the human race ?? .
only three things are certain in life. death. taxes. and traffic on the 55 freeway.
oh how i *don't* miss the 55
there's just so many , such a fail
kill them all tonight you'll be ready for season 13 do an all nighter
november will just feel empty this year
but february won't
trump is the "law and order" candidate
he's broken so many laws himself how would he know what law &amp; order means?
these are same libs who put hillary's agenda under microscope for 9 months.
go look at the crap he showered on lgbt community in nm when he was guv. disgusting
poll: 44% likely to turn off nfl if national anthem protests continue - breitbart
i'm already in!
i got supreme on me right now
read this like tory saying "i got a check on me right now" on woods
back in 2001 we tried to open a shop in one of those horse stalls. vintage dinnerware. wasnt zoned for retail yet tho.
i'm sorry you missed the boat! would be a good spot for it.
that's pretty impressive! well done!!
and probably nerve-racking on your parents before you've even hit your teens!
bullshit you need to do some research in fact hold on ill get you some
i'd love to see it too. i'll wait. you know he wants to bring back stop and frisk.that's not a good thing
u see what whip they have in the pic right
lolol.... dope. 96 was a great year. too $hort... in the building too??? bless up
dude: "yo twenty88 is so goat bruh" me:
how long did it take u to make this
i'm sure he'd totally understand if his house was looted and destroyed. you're excusing violence by doing this.
i'm not a pacifist. if peaceful means do not work violence is an option.
if we elect hillary clinton. she is the worst of both worlds.
ya this is true elizabeth &amp; the most important thing next to fed-reserve/imf elite bankers is their war machine crap
would love to catch up at pax aus and continue the discussion from e3 around warco, if you have a chance?
sure thing, i'll be in melbourne all week, so let's make sure to catch up!
hi! just doing a follow up. is everything working on your end now? we want to make sure everything is resolved. thanks.
the link that was given to me wasn't the answer but i googled the problem. it's now restoring the previous version of w10
con-man wild, uncontrolled mouth, not all that smart,opportunist of the weak, lier. things i will not be voting for
here is the other end
i love you guys and i'm gonna split. have a great morn, day, nite, whatever. see you in las vegas tomorrow!!!
awe he loves us!
im not streaming lol i was lagging, but ima see if it's cool rn
im streaming now
so i'm guessing this is why sent me a pic of the hw i'm so ded
hahahah lol "you're welcome bitch"
why is this the cutest picture of all time
they are all adorable angels and i can't take it
hey , our price just went up
champagne showers pt. 2???
i could just look at skin all day...
i second this notion!!
what happens when you let ppl convince you that spanking your kids is wrong
the way that nigga was standing in the middle of the road
hey ! there are lots of contradicting infos abt you on the web, just wondering if you're still working as a literary agent? :)
hey, thanks for asking! nope, i left agenting about two months ago.
obama could have called for calm earlier today. he decided against it.
he wants this so he has an excuse to militarize the police, like in mexico
people driving to get home don't think about social justice when a rock goes through their windshield. they think "fuck it, voting trump"
no they think, fucking trump caused this shit
november will just feel empty this year
i can't wait to drop that mdbp tbt tho
yesterday i got into an elevator with a bunch of people and somebody asked "are you chelsea from twitter" and i've never wanted to die more
i smiled &amp; said "what" like i have never heard of twitter. then she got out her phone like she was gonna prove to me it was me
i grew up north and we didn't really have that. it's how people were raised. my dad is racist but my moms side isn't.
i moved to california to get away from it. but my whole family is still there
"describe yourself in three fictional characters" which one u get depends on time of day and whether you work for...
who wonders if trump's surge has attrctd genuin malgnt evil spprt aka old royal dutch nazis? worms hidg n woodwork sinc 1950s?
*drinks 4 loko out of a camelback on the way to the rave by myself*
this isn't relatable i know
3,400 blacks shot in chicago this year! can you name one???
whoever kills someone is a criminal and should be arrested and tried. when cops kill, they are put on desk duty.
.'s got a grip on , but the perfect woman gets the upper hand!
she is so talented
the new "most interesting man in the world" looks like my first love, &amp;for that i am fucking thrilled.
your first love looked like the ?? impressive
just met my new niece and gw, se llama ftima
pretty girls with pretty names,she's a cutie,auntie meshell
: yes! you get a big hug and you also get an extra hug from charlie!
oh thank you!!! :)
excited for trip to italy (milan), switzerland (geneva) &amp; london in nov. if anyone has suggestions on things i should do would love to hear.
check out the for each city. a succinct little book (or app). they always have top recommendations.
joey votto is the best ever to wear cincinnati red. why do so many want him gone?
great piece. seriously, well done.
akc says my dog likes to pull carts. great, i got a cart pulling-ass dog here in bk. i hope she can handle october's la croix shipment.
evidently there are etsy stores for dog carts...pugs need not apply.
after seeing so many failed game kickstarters that still promise to finish the game, i've decided to skip all that and just finish the game.
sounds good, but i'll be kickstarting again anyway because crazily, i'd still like to eat and pay the mortgage. :-/
i'm buying a wheelchair asap
i would die that's a big puppy wheelchair
hello there!!!
nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.
you are speculating that she accomplished things that no one else could
not at all. she received her job offer from gs based on her merits, education and hard work.
fam looking fresh
you know it bro
if we elect hillary clinton. she is the worst of both worlds.
are thieves &amp; killers-sick..reminds us &amp; motivates us to be aware of devil in all aspects of life lets stand strong
sis the fact that someone read this and i said sounds like nilsy and they say "it was nilsy"
lmfaooo why am i like this , &amp; you know me too well
smh u was sposed to read it in a future voice
that too actually they both came to mind
he didn't fight in the war but he did work as an aeronautical engineer and was deeply impacted by the atomic bombings
and by impacted i mean strongly in favor of them as the opposition to nuclear weapons led to his starship troopers
patricia white obituary - new york, ny | new york times
: my deepest condolences to you and your family. god bless.
"the new law requires all colleges to adopt a set of comprehensive procedures and guidelines"
the most that could happen is that a student would be expelled for violating school policy.
just in!!! hill cancels another event &amp; its not because of her health.. its worse!! her donors backed-out!
no its because she doesn't have to expend resource defending a state that is already in the bag.
so fucking true.
bring fries babe
anyone remember when bill clinton kicked a refugee child out of america? out of 300m ppl, are the clintons (again)...
elan gonzalez parents, stepmother and biological father came to the usa from cuba to get their son.
new puck daddy: don cherry slams phil kessel for team usa tweet
who cares again?
i wanna do something on halloween i plan on looking fire
u always look fire
would you trade your 9-5?
for this?!? yes! i'd need to cut like 35 lbs tho
how is reaching out to african-american voters? , &amp; deroy murdock weigh in now on .
why would black people want to vote for trump and vote against their own best interest?
u think he gonna do anything without my permission
lmfkaoao he let u drag him to walgreens to curse a random guy out everytime i think abt it my head starts spinning
hey, great...i bet you're in , anthony wieners district....
used to be. on the upper east now. love his politics but, yeah, he's a wack job. huma is so hot! weird
you can get anything you want, in alice's pdp-10 ...
"you can hack anything you want with teco and ddt"actually
so after having for about 2 weeks i am very glad i switched because holy shit is it cheaper and works just as well
finally not using 40 gb a month eh?
there is no right or left-handed cockpits
should there be? i'm lefty too, but rt hnd stick feels natural.
i grew up north and we didn't really have that. it's how people were raised. my dad is racist but my moms side isn't.
sorry your dad is racist. my parents weren't when i was young but they became more so after retiring in sc.
need to free up some time and get a new editor / special effects and all around great person haha.
hope u get one soon
why i'm &amp; , who voted ban weapons to sa. other cowards didn't even want to vote to save...
we are dependent on their oil &amp; security cooperation, right now. ...
that's 3 precious hours tho i'm on a time crunch
spaetzle, then.
agree 1000%. perpetrated by drug companies with legal heroin, over prescribing and being protected by bought and pa...
it's the same problem. america's poor , from my pov. is also a symptom &amp; evidence of civil .
'exasperated' indians wantvisible action taken against pakistan by
it is double anger...... obvious anger towards but also anger towards the double standards of the
apologies to all for teaching my parrot to call guests, "an implacable vector of stupidity."
seriously? you apologize? *skeptical*
mine has been pretty chill since my move. it's been rare that it acts up
we're trying to buy a house, wife got a promotion, father in law dying, all the blm and terror shit going on. i'm on edge.
well, i'm sorry, but birtherism is racist. there's no getting around it.
says you. know why? cause you presume 2 much. u'r thoughts r 2 rigid, &amp; u'r ignoring or avoiding change of mind.
we are dependent on their oil &amp; security cooperation, right now. ...
until that changes, it will override all other considerations. :/
if you have questions about how to acquire the iron gjallarhorn or iron gjallarwing, please see this help article:
preordered from gamestop and they never gave me a code. they refuse to help. is there any way to get the bonuses?
did you know september is california ? stay safe year-round with these tips from :
thank you for your support of and partnering to help raise awareness!
judge loses sense of reality or just "following orders" of those who appointed her?
it's a logical statement from the judge. your martyr does not factor in to the charge of conspiracy.
sorry i can't, i live for ruining moments
where the other half of your soul cuz you should find it
ur scum &amp; u couldn't pay me 2 visit the city u claim 2 have built! take ur marxism &amp; move 2 venezuela!
we rule the world in my city. and we own trump and hillary. got that peasant?
did she at least share with you??
she did not!
am i the only dude left who flushes the toilet in a restaurant after he goes? come on bros, make america better. start flushin' again.
make america flush again
hillary clinton urges debate moderators to fact check donald trump via
fat chance of that happening:(
the stress you get from college applications is a test in itself
weeding out the weak
i added a video to a playlist obey the beard by psychostick [official] beard song
best song i think ive ever heard
i wish the best for your family and i hope they're safe.
thanks. you too. sorry i called you stupid earlier. but when you said white genocide i kinda lost it.
ou cousin that's hella cute
thank you cous
i am hungry thanks
then you know what to do ^^^^^
95% of the time
come and see me for once
oh you good then, new jack city?
haven't seen that one
only if i'm the tall one but yes i promise!
lol kk, you have to where heels then cause i'm going to be 22 in a week &amp; im going to grow few
protestors just tried to throw this man into the fire they started.he was saved by pd.this is outta control....
ya and&amp; trump and alt-r started it. when u have they need to do their deeds
i smiled &amp; said "what" like i have never heard of twitter. then she got out her phone like she was gonna prove to me it was me
i was in a panic. it was full of people &amp; it was the slowest elevator. so i admitted it was indeed me.
my g called me tucson's cheapest but i like to think i'm cheaper than that
that's the way to live dog
you and me both.
what about , , &amp; 's bribery scandal?
i can't be the only one who does this right?
i usually do a free art day during my birth month
its more risky to not get attention
yes! better to make people feel uncomfortable / move along a path than to sit quietly and do nothing. this has come up 3x today
i'm the face of a mountain of contrary evidence is, in fact, racist. i'm sorry. that's just the way it is.
again, u presume 2 much. u'r thoughts r 2 rigid, &amp; u'r ignoring or avoiding anything that might change your mind
lol too much chilly
where are you, v?
thanks chaz for being there to capture . . kiefer rockin' new york style !! still enjoying
you're welcome!
whatever one the cat sits on becomes the cat chair!
really hoped that wasn't the case. cat chairs, a new start up opportunity
yes, it is bad. like most of his decisions wednesday.
now familia won't be available... he threw a ton of pitches
connecting students globally for ...
dear guide me link for contact i am teacher from pakistan
it's a conversation about productive change. how does looting and violence help anything? i support blm.
you're generalizing. it's painful to watch "supporters" of social movements have such little understanding of them.
nyu is repurposing lady gaga's first wte essay as an example. i'm dead
really? where?
minnie driver from is the mom we all wish we had: watch the series premiere ton...
were there any writers on this show?
***world exclusive*** want to know the meaning of life? i ask the man who probably knows. watch my interview with...
ask him if is favorite pizza is one with everything?
when people in texas still find a way to bother you in california :)))
my non violence and communication class is failing me rn
weeding out the weak
but not to worry i have chocolate and wesley to keep me sane
i wish the best for your family and i hope they're safe.
my niece married her high school sweetheart who is black. my younger nieces son is mixed so my parents are mellowing out lol
cogic world youth day 2016!!!
watch talk about with
why would black people want to vote for trump and vote against their own best interest?
he wants to bring back stop and frisk.we had it in nyc and it was found to be unconstitutional and was stopped
well that's good! it happened at practice? in germany? for worlds?
yes to all of those, horse bucked, devon flew into me while i was standing, then things.. happened lol
not yet!!! but i won't be here foreverrr
funny enough, moving and leaving nyc just confirmed how much i want to live in nyc...
i thought you was from new york b
oh yeah i forgot i got my mandatory weekly rap battle coming up next week!!!!
i had taco bell for lunch today and i am not even sorry.
are you in dc now?
we have this conversation every day
i know trust me big boobs suck
hey, great...i bet you're in , anthony wieners district....
we run the world in my city. we own hillary and we own trump. this is all just a game- a hunger game- for our enjoyment. :-)
goodnight &amp; god bless u all
have a good thursday u all (:
yeah. i know right.
they just shot the cop in the park... i figured the dude was ex military but then i saw the badge :(
hillary was right, i do enjoy reading the emails of, as she called herself, "a high government official"
do you know, who is s and who is russorv?
my last month at verizon i think i topped out at 60gb
this reminds me i still have active fi service... really should do something about that.
flashback to 2008: michelle obama slams hillary as "unfit for the white house"
: you go girl/guy.
drunkeness can cause intermittent and prolonged unconsciousness.
be sure to tell all the drunk drivers so that they'll have a valid excuse for dui.
we're still a bit confused why a five-star point guard has no film on him. congratulations though, that kid's goin...
gpa please.
breakfast ? at lori dinner what you say guys ???
i can do that
i need new headphones...
what kind i may have a surplus i can be persuaded to part with
i am a veteran and to me the guy in this video does not sound like anyone who has served in the military ever. sounds like bs
with all due respect ... the point being ... "rules of engagement" that female officer, imho, should get the electric chair!
ive never even heard of "this is us" but it seems to be the winner for most anticipated.
most anticipated turd! too network and cheese corn for my taste. ahs 6 is really good so far this season!
feeling is mutual, sweety.
lol going to call you dumbass while it's wearing dog ears and nose
but thank you baby i love you and we all miss you so much
i bruised so bad in that spot miss you babes, we need hangs soon
tonight is the first night in idk how long that i'm not face timing devon and i honestly don't know what to do with my hands at this point
maybe facetime me and actually love me
i presume what the law presumes. no more, no less. there's a reason birther lawsuits went nowhere.
when has law presumes trump or birtherism is classified as racist?
interesting. i'll bite, and wonder how telling it is that the service was not direct or frontline.
he actually worked alongside asimov at the time, though asimov was drafted &amp; was almost sent to bakini atoll test
i meant s t f u. not stud
oh ok i'm really offended now thanks for the clarity josh.
i'm getting my nails done with my sister on saturday for homecoming :)
who are you seeing in 42 days
after three years i've decided to leave google. i'm excited to announce i'm joining the awesome folks over at !
i also recently realized i'm going to do a lot more open source work, again. which i'm really excited about
no like we didn't have a test but everyone was like looking around like shit did i forget there was a test
ah haha yeah that'd be a crazy frightening feeling!
you can be charged for dui for starting a vehicle for warmth, and not driving at all.
operating a motor vehicle under the influence of alcohol= key in ignition + person in driver's seat
you're probably not a piano player if you have a treble clef tattoo on your left wrist... and why no bass clef love?
wow feisty bag
sorry guys gotta close twitter for my personal heart health but it's been a really awesome evening getting insanely frustrated with trolls.
hey i'll just check you out on knbr than
new year's eve cuties
oh so i did make the cut after all
headed back. we're ready for worlds.
halfway through the bus ride to school he gives you this look
my urban outfitters package gets delivered tomorrow, what better motivation to get dis homework done
not really bc whether you finish your homework or not your package will still come in tomorrow
hurts me so much look what's going on n our country 2 our police, ppl &amp; businesses &amp; we haven't seen worse yet why did u vote for obama ??
vood question, who voted for him twice?
sounds like we have more ai tech than most... and we aren't an ai company. maybe we should rebrand.
meh. vas you'd respect will care about the problem you solve, what customers will pay and why, and your future plans.
blach entering the game, so now the tryout for sunday will be complete. buster, pagan, pence out.
can't be any worse than cain &amp; peavy...
even in nyc more protected lanes means more cyclists
wonder what a food delivery map would look like.
we will have about 60 of these hand printed cover 7"s so make sure to come and grab one on friday!
can't wait to see you my man. finna be wild as all hell
he didn't allow my family inside because of their race. that sickens me. but people have different views on everything
sorry to hear that. my dad did that too. because of what the racist neighbors might think/say. so i moved away.
f o r e v e r hungry at this time
that's what happen when you're drunk. i'm literally going to the. nearest bodega
california is going to join the rest of the west coast in legalizing marijuana. it's ahead 60% to 34% in the polls
voters are leaning "fuck school smoke weed" and sf still thinks letting 16 year olds vote is a good idea? ()
hurts me so much look what's going on n our country 2 our police, ppl &amp; businesses &amp; we haven't seen worse yet why did u vote for obama ??
oops, good question
tolsey! tolsey! my autocorrect kept changing that too toolset.
love that kid
why does this woman sleep wearing a bra?? so her tits will look fantastic as she lies in a pool of her own blood?
i sleep in a tux for much the same reason. and then there's the rolled up pair of socks.
sounds like we have more ai tech than most... and we aren't an ai company. maybe we should rebrand.
not about bragging about being in another ml/dl/ai company.
you can be charged for dui for starting a vehicle for warmth, and not driving at all.
you don't even have to start the car for it to be dui. if the key is in ignition, it's a dui.
she wants the fairytale you know like julia roberts
from "pretty woman"
ahhhhh i need to read sjtr. i have too much to read right now
ummmm i leave for less than 5 mins to like 9 notifications
let a man try to speak to me that way
nigga dead threatening her life
that's how i treat you
i dont think so..
as much as i talk about reid, i must say that jj, prentiss, and garcia are all super super cool too
but reid's the best so
now this i have not seen in specific advocacy groups for poc
i definitely have. i see it more with latina representation. or heavily male poc representation but no women.
really is nothing compared to the l.a. riots of the 90's. i know because i was there at the time. still, needs attention.
i remember those. i was living in san diego. in 6th grade i think. glad i'm older now and make good use of the second amendment
another valid point that he ignored.
it was not a valid a point and i addressed it.
*frantically looks for the glass of whiskey emoji*
thank god for real life bottles of mescal
i had so many imaginary friends :/
i had one but then my mom found me crying one day cause i made one move to mexico and i missed him so
let's just say my supply of quarters has been depleted at .
welcome to my second home! my go to neighborhood bar :)
nigga dead threatening her life
gotta be from bk
when is everyone else flying out?
tomorrow night! can't wait for the and birthday celebration!
it's crazy when i was young there was that stat about not living to see 25 as a black man... when i reached that it was a relief.
the most i was worried about growing up was getting into it with gang members, police were an after thought.
ok but is this not us at work all day
it's my whole life right now looool
1st thought upon saying bye to alysha: "i can't wait to fart on this train"
had the same thought as soon as you left tbh
davonne knows shes a meme
hurry make a meme out of it
. can you point out the section that says describing an offender is unconstitutional? it'd be greatly appreciated
that's discrimination. an offender you mean someone who has committed a crime or a witch hunt?
lbj actually said this when he created 'great society'. ahem.
how do you know he actually said that?
you don't think there was racism eight years ago? wait.. do you do a lot of drugs, becky?
i don't do drugs! as a matter of fact my job ( medicine) among other is to heal and help ppl fight addiction
starring michael bay as torts.
well, michael bay is a director. and dean lombardi is the gm of . so bay stars as lombardi?
goodnight &amp; god bless u all
have a good thursday u all
i was in a panic. it was full of people &amp; it was the slowest elevator. so i admitted it was indeed me.
so then i went to the bathroom to avoid any further conversation and had an existential crisis like "get your fucki...
martiallawons
o&amp;h r gonnakill
and we're discussing poor judgment, a known side effect of intoxication.
"poor judgment" is entirely subjective. not everyone would agree that "poor judgment' ="side effect"
ima get stoned of edibles after class ill def be enjoying my evening
i see you enjoy the high life
your talk reminded me of this black mirror episode whole series great if you haven't seen it
thx. i'll have to check it out!
i think that was my ugly ass laugh
it's was adrian's ugly ass
seriously delete that.
i just gotta know why you would even take a pic like that
what abt the dude from golden boy
lmao he was def in consideration but then it really would have been 3 of the same person
harry styles - he likes boys always a classic
he's just has no control :)
great observation. we always blame them for our social woes, very woes perpetrated/fomented by us, hate, abject greed &amp; inhumanity
it's so deep &amp; goes back so far that most ppl aren't able 2 comprehend it! they can't even comprehend ppl being shot by cops.
over the ear headphones i have a big head, though
big heads: better for headpats i prefer over the ear myself, too so sadly those i only have the monoprice ones free
. ok, i don't know what this means.
shamar was medically evacuated due to an eye injury:
"poor judgment" is entirely subjective. not everyone would agree that "poor judgment' ="side effect"
the notion of "side effects" is a conclusion, not a fact.
gotta be from bk
u might be right
see now we got a problem that's like the black scarface lol
that's on my list
team is wrapping up all ready for a concert at att park! thank you we will be back!
- sabina is a rock star!!
yes, because they are already dead when they get there.
i would love to live in a place like that. i think would agree.
this is not a debate. it isn't about hearing trump's side. "stop-and-frisk" is racist, unconstitutional, and ineffective. say as much.
he wants stop &amp; frisk but won't show his taxes? oopsie!
lmao how. you can probably cook though
smaller feet and island lol.
+ i'm sick of white and black people alike acting like voting is supposed to save us or make something better.
we been voting since we were "given" the right. aint shit change. you still got faith in a faulty system lmfao can't relate.
ummm it disperses mobs of rioters....
if it 'restored order' it would de-escalate the group. hey, maybe a gas that un-shoots people would work!
you know she's frontin but igh heard the front
fuck it let her front for the tl you know the truth bro
sounds like a problem
see what you've caused?! next i'll be saying baskaro to the wrong people
thank you for being you! you have this awesome way of reminding us through words of gods promises for all of us! you are loved!
and also with you!!
i can guaraneffingtee you anybody who signs the on-line meatless petition, played a youth sport where they didn't keep score!
i doubt they played any sport. too busy playing dungeons and dragons. or playing with their sister's dolls.
respected so much, he was assassinated.
same ish on my tl
train there fly back. sf owns me for the next couple years, i ain't leavin
why you making it sound like your leaving then nigga
"poor judgment" is entirely subjective. not everyone would agree that "poor judgment' ="side effect"
i might contend that a woman who sleeps w/ a man outside of her own race, suffers 'poor judgment'.
we been voting since we were "given" the right. aint shit change. you still got faith in a faulty system lmfao can't relate.
if a ballot was gone save me bitch i would have one taped to my chest every day
ohmygod im so proud of you!!! i wanna see it!!
omgggg thank you ari!! ofc i'll have to videotape it or something!! i miss you
hillary's ad against trump is complete garbage
again, say it louder for the people in the back!
anything else?
bruhhh a 40 of course haha
i did the meme to the best of my ability
i have wanted to bleach my hair ever since i watched gto as a high school sophomore but i've never had the courage that's the yamcha in me
why is that your name
because i'm like the cutest nigga there.
don king uses 'n-word' in apparent slip-up while introducing donald trump
lmao he paid bro for that shit
connie that would make a fantastic hashtag lets see if we can make it take off 2morrow.
let's save it for an outlander occasion of some kind, or at least give it time to incubate.
rev.darrel scott is a turncoat and a sell out. he turns a blind eye to any racism from donald trump.
rec scott says how blacks are suffering and ignores that trump calls them lazy, and wants a national stop and frisk program
i gave you the rationale. if you'd like me to empanel a jury to adjudicate my claim, that can be arranged.
would the group be fair, or of you electing people?
so what's everyone reading? i just finished replica...so strong but wtf at the ending?!
reading ps i like you but wanna read kids of appetite before the event next week!
if only life was that easy...
hang in there!
why libby tho?
nah libby is that bitch though she a real ride or die
by calling in the national guard is further escalating the situation. a community can't heal in fear.
a community can't heal when it's burning itself to the ground.
so the team wanted to know my instagram name and i didn't tell them, well yesterday robert one of the players came to me all happy cuz he
had figured it but he got it from his sis
the most i was worried about growing up was getting into it with gang members, police were an after thought.
with these shootings going on &amp; the hostility towards law enforcement on the rise... i feel like you have to be extra cautious w/ police.
yay, 's black ipa is now available in az. i bought a few packs to enjoy&amp; left two on the shelf :)...
i really wish i didn't hate ipa's, but if i come across it i'm definitely buying it
if a ballot was gone save me bitch i would have one taped to my chest every day
y'all have so much faith in a faulty/pseudo-democracy that isn't even transparent enough for you to know the intricacies of
heard the " i don't do no old hoes " lmaooo right
righhhhhht lmaooo
mentioned in the past that i got teased in school for having a long tongue and people on here wanted to see it
you also have a long thumb
mmm... watching a cpu match of 08 celtics vs current celtics... who do you think wins.
it was current celtics winning by 1 in ot from ab on a 3pt with 10 seconds left. pierce missed his go ahead midrange at the buzzer.
great observation. we always blame them for our social woes, very woes perpetrated/fomented by us, hate, abject greed &amp; inhumanity
i hate when ppl r insensitive 2 their real struggles. that started then,but continues even today! easier 4 ppl 2 ignore it
awww thank you!
your welcome are you excited
yeah, i was aware, and it's interesting.
if we're including ww1 you gotta open up the question of lord of the rings
there is some truth here -- one bank pushed us on this mostly so they can get the internal politics right
if you need for champions by all mean be deep machine artificial learning intelligent accelerated graph analytics platform
literally 15 min ago these two were ready but now that it's real she is ...meh and let me tell you i know her feelings
money can ruin everything
unlikely. total federal spending is 20% of gdp. defense sending is below 4%of gdp. defense 20% of fed spending.
. "lies, damned lies, and statistics," eh?
new: without enthusiastic, bernie-like small donor network, hillary forced to do constant high-dollar fundraisers &gt;
who cares! you need to stop... you all look like fools with this bs
have to say the stadium food and drink at at&amp;t park tonight is pretty awesome. good choices.
i have been pleasantly surprised so far tonight.
get involved. run for office. support local candidates who support reform and accountability. mentor kids. go to a...
definitely would recommend getting on either a local or running for !
rev.darrel scott is a turncoat and a sell out. he turns a blind eye to any racism from donald trump.
never mind, it was outlawed in ny by a federal judge and in most states nation wide because it advocates profiling
this guy who's being a dick to one of my friends
if he's american, ignore him i'd say. we're all counts here tbh
if you ask him, i'd bet trump looks as the constitution more as a list of suggestions or guidelines, something to be finessed, not followed.
no the constitution to is irrelevant as he will install himself as dictator and he will replace it with himself
y'all have so much faith in a faulty/pseudo-democracy that isn't even transparent enough for you to know the intricacies of
but you blindly advocate for it because our system of government is the "right" one and you can't think past it
thanks! i'm interested - we adopted a similar model with a companion process but it's not as complete as envoy
what are you looking to use it in?
if he's american, ignore him i'd say. we're all counts here tbh
cunts ffs auto correct
nooo! that is worst. good thing we have one hour pick-up and price cuts. get yours ^cr
don't @ me if you cant refill my ink rn.
anyone remember when bill clinton kicked a refugee child out of america? out of 300m ppl, are the clintons (again)...
7 yr old, parents arrived in the usa and returned with their son to cuba. that is what this 7yr old biological father decided.
if it 'restored order' it would de-escalate the group. hey, maybe a gas that un-shoots people would work!
you could call it "anti-tear gas"
i saw one wearing mid-calves the other day
have they not heard of rose hill???
what should i start watching on netflix???
arrow, white collar, how to get away with murder, the walking dead.
this x1000! i loved all 3, all the way back to the xsn days
too bad they sold it, imagine this on scorpio with beautiful snow and 60fps. omg
75 retired senior diplomats sign letter opposing trump for president. via
they can vote, right?
my mom just tried to tell me that dave franco wasn't cute
"okay maybe he's a little cute" excuse me
yup and hillary took his money for decades. trump may say stupid shit, but hillary does stupid shit.
he's in bed with russia!! hello!! are you a wack packer? high pitch!
omg that's so awesome!!! so happy for you!
thank you so much
when your son buys you grillz for your 45th birthday:)
happy birthday, many blessings and happiness and love! turn it up!
i feel this on a spiritual level cause this is us
wtf am i bitch we shared a bed for the entire summer
love nando's and the peri peri sauce
it's so, so very good. there was one attached to the building that i lived in when i was in london. it was glorious.
it would've been nice if had included a space for the displaced bikes when they coned off the work area.
that was my 1st thought as well, but who rides this bridge under normal circumstances? it's &amp; leads to &gt;
becoming reality
can. not. wait.
really makes ya think.
omg that level of ignorance from people obviously already of voting age on 9/11/01 is horrifying!
theres a raccoon perched on top of my trash doing the captain morgan pose he is the king, it's his trash now
i just heard a crazy raccoon making crazy ass noises in my yard so b safe lmao
was the only thing you specified the lapel width? the shoulders look slightly extended too. are they? not many photos of ...
send a message and i'll text you my number. this is too public a forum for an discrete man (read: 40 years old) like myself.
now that i'm happy af i have a bunch of fuck boys messaging me and "thinking of me"
hey my mind can of you as much as i want lol what was i thinking of?? i didn't get enough sleep
nah, torts was directly involved with this disaster.
absolutely. but so was lombardi, who is serving as the gm of this team. it's not a one man failure; it's a collective effort.
i was team paul all the way, but you've gotta take the right person to the end. congrats to nicole!
it shouldn't have mattered who he sat next too because he played the better game
i never supported racism but it comes to the point that some people are even racist to whites too and things people say to us
if you mean that nocturnus person i can see why. her &amp; her group are ugly. one of them used to work for me &amp; she's nuts.
def know seemingly regular people with it
"your content is a wonderland"
goodnight &amp; god bless u all
have a good thursday u all
hahaha forgot all about that. vargas needs to bring the suit back
how do you forget about that night? that is like top-5 in bleacher moments. &amp; we couldn't use that room for weeks!
thanks for making me take it, you're the best
i'm only making you a smarter well rounded intelligent individual
"have u tried unplugging your router for 10 seconds and then plugging it back in?"
if you are still up i can help you if you want when im done with scrims
. thought you'd enjoy. story of an electric cross country trip w/my son made possible
love it! thank you for sharing!
mt : the body inside your body is not your body
: it's a person with great potential.
my dad is always talking to himself in his sleep
lmaoooo i always hear him laughing too!
no one brought you into this
and no one said shit about you when natalia tweeted that but u decided to bring ur self into it ??? stfu
white folks yelling abt revolution with bernie, your asses better not be silent now. this is what revolution looks like
we're here, ms. almond, and not silent. i see the anger &amp; frustration on the streets. it takes courage to stand there.
. my g-pa was chief police detective profiling is correct term to solve crime + :)
only in regard to a crime not profiling according to race and religion. dt wants to bring back stop and frisk
i'm not joking tho. no black man wants a white girl who won't acknowledge what him or his ppl go through.
nahh i totally get it.
you're killing my venture buzz, man. also, those guys didn't take my money back in the day, so...i'm honestly happy for them.
abc parker. abc.
psh i could never shelby thompson ;-)
aw u right love u loho
ask all those victims they have helped and aided
you bet! except for this: and this:
yell, "bye, garbage!" cheerfully after it.
took your advice and i'm suddenly an audrey hepburn character in 1962 greenwich village. advice?
nah peaceful protest not doing it
you misread that brother, i like the energy/passion but destroying property like that muddles the msg.
i never supported racism but it comes to the point that some people are even racist to whites too and things people say to us
she didn't have a problem with white people when i helped her out, gave her $, let her live w me rent-free, &amp; gave her a job
should there be more representation of muslim women in comedy/entertainment? share your thoughts for our show on thursday.
humor is political/challenges the status quo, but can also reinforce stereotypes (1/2)
this is basically an ultra close-up.
god bless that underwater cam!
a billionaire grocery baron seeks to upend his industry with autonomous warehouse robots via
grocery baron. that is all.
i don't know depends if i get up early enuf &amp; it's already 12:30..
you _could_ possibly be busy tomorrow having a baby, too.
i hate men, they're always so inopportune
yeah, hey wait i am a man. does that mean we are both lesbians?
that's incense!!!!
bitchd shfhf im out!!!!
can't believe it's that time of year again... 1st round of player interviews (very early) tomorrow morning!
i always get bummed when a's season comes to a close but so juiced the sharks start up! thank you for the hard work you do!
indicates a willingness to believe in frivolities, which in turn indicates a racist motivation to believe...
no, not at all. reason for why i brought up . i have to get to bed. i advise you take stock of convo.
lmfao i'll go downstairs and ask for extra blankets
if you go i'm getting permits to sleep on the beach because i know you will do it with me lol. fanis a bitch lol
how about you?
it's cute so far!! i'm liking it. very light read
the london knights have a player named rob thomas are his stickhandles so smoooooooooth
give me the puck go top shelf or else forget about it ......i'm tired.
dear university of north dakota () it appears more of your students are up to no good. your very few black...
next time use permanent marker. or maybe don't do that!!!!
see we can be civil and disagree. but i have to wake up early so i must go. good luck with everything
me too. sleep well.
obama may be american but he is terrorism friendly. pakistan &amp; isis have fluorished thanks to his love for..
i don't consider him american. he spits on all of us
nbc always rigging their polls to put hillary over the top! shame on you nbc!!!!
the people r 4 trump! we know who we r n we know how 2vote! change is coming.trump/pence will win
do not throw away or waste your vote this year! a third party vote is a vote for trump. effect change from within....
in a non swing state, this is just not true. it is a vote to not allow either to have a popular majority.
let's be real this is the most and i have been involved in amvs in like a year. i missed this vanilla amv drama
i want to go back to a simpler time when the only drama in my life is when one editor talked mad smack about my amv on the org
i'm so excited for my new show , premiering this thursday at 9|8c on abc!
this chic just doesn't give up....
with these shootings going on &amp; the hostility towards law enforcement on the rise... i feel like you have to be extra cautious w/ police.
the stress as a black man knowing officers see you as a , and that if they kill you they will get off. smh.
that's wild smh
she's just trying to make a point
friends who drink together, dance together
what happened to you? haven't seen you much lately
blach entering the game, so now the tryout for sunday will be complete. buster, pagan, pence out.
candidate for 5th starter next year?
is that pre-sneeze face? i hear she sneezes a lot, every time she lies
thats her nose growing on the inside.
it's amazing, just wait
help me i can't omg my heart shelby help me wow i'm addicted
i hope i get to make it to the bay, i have so many ideas for silly projects...
you're in yvr, right?
i'm sober.. a chopped cheese is def calling my name right now though. lol
that's what i'm getting. it will be in your dm.
ask all those victims they have helped and aided
sure, except for this: and this:
. nathan read entire convo this is about profiling it's necessary part of police work to solve crimes ok?
not what's at the top of the thread. profiling muslims.
but why this bitch calls me , we talking and she's like ima call you back, ----- is calling me bye -,- never been dubbed so hard in my life.
sounds like a personal issue
he also has a long
i was wondering who was gonna say it
hey twins, we can send 5 your way!
the d-backs gm was in oakland today....glad he takes his job so seriously in arizona
we need your support to get to the white house and defeat . let's make america great again!
hate hate hate you
so that would be "you" for choosing the wrong nigga correct ?
no because no female ever will willingly choose a guy she knows won't act right. you were chosen because we thought you would.
having a good heart fucks you up in this generation
the struggle pops
you believe mother jones lol
i once worked in newark nj, paisan. you have to read 'howard street'
help me i can't omg my heart shelby help me wow i'm addicted
the triplets
like this post and i'll write a compliment about you
you're a good poet haha i will keep that letter forever but you're such a good friend and you're super funny i miss you!!
blach retires seager, turner and agon in order, so.....
i knew he'd do better than cain and peavy...
i think it might've been a giveaway i'm not sure, but i was surprised i thought tickets when on sale the 23rd?
i know!! ugh
"cans. it was no baby, it was full of cans". line cracks me up everytime.
yeah i laughed pretty hard at that just now
did you learn that from the prestigious university you attended ?
obviously, you need to personally attack me bc you lost this argument.
used to battle on the roof/ the loser had to jump!!
aight ya ok im retiring from the rap game peace
can you send me home from work right now plz
wish i could. sorry bud! \_()_/
next 4 years in this decade could be huge for this country.
shit. next 2 months are gonna be big.
'make me a single father, ruin my life'. i'm cryin'
i was dying at that too omggg
tbh the voice is the realest show on cable tv rn
it's honestly my favorite show since season 1. alicia and miley have been awesome so far and the blind auditions have been killer
da'vonne says if james was in the final 2 with paul, she would have never voted for james. she says paul would have won.
whats the difference between their games? they did the same amount of work
holy fucking shit.
i really thought that was a dolphin until it jumped out
watch: evangelicals 'lay hands' on trump to protect him from 'a concentrated satanic attack'
lol body language!
i officially win
photoshopped.
so i'm going to be 20 in 40 minutes............
happy birthday!
when your face says brat but your insides are actually having a rave because....well, shoes ...
i am just enthralled by your hopeless beauty and it's real
i want to go back to a simpler time when the only drama in my life is when one editor talked mad smack about my amv on the org
now i'm dealing with adult drama on the daily so it was a good treat to dip my toes in that sweet sweet amv drama.
go:od am &gt; the divine feminine rodeo &gt; birds in the trap luv is rage &gt; luvvtw &amp; tplt iyrtitl &gt; views ds2 &gt; evol
dark horse&gt;all the right reasons
you look familiar? have i seen you in 5,000 snapchats?
nah that must be some other guy i follow that snaps instead of works
i will be interviewed from cleveland, ohio, on - tonight at 10:00 p.m. enjoy!
trump only sits on scripted shows offered $10m 4 charity 4 trump interview
this paper will be the death of me
it's k ill buy you tim hortons
im just not understanding how dudes are so quick to call a woman a hoe but swiftly run the opposite direction when they meet someone like me
because celibacy means they have zero chance. that's a good thing girl find you an a+ winner..not a chump!
highly rec this piece about the history of american girl, addy, and black representation
also remember when we got the catalog with addy's debut &amp; we screamed with delight and ran into my backyard to look at it??
i said in the comments why i think this is a terrible idea. i'm surprised you like it, brooklynite
. in places where we can, like sf, we need to stop our addiction to driving. august was the hottest month in history of world
how are u even suppose to dress for san diego?
chargers gear ???
it would be easier if you didn't constantly take my breath away
he isn't lying, i have seen you steal breath and it looked kinda cool. my breath i can't breeee
i wish there was a pill that makes depressed people as happy as makes racists happy.
i wish there was a pill that makes depressed, angry racists go away.
pretty successful night almost dropped 60 in another hp, getting better team chem, dropped raps in uplink, and fixi...
and the night isnt even over yet and i won my 1st h1z1 game too
the bay, bill graham auditorium i believe.
we going saturday roll with us
let's get murray to 6969 followers so he can update his profile pic to a more accurate one with a monocle and top h...
lol imagine ^_^ i may need to just post something recent that i can find
yes, but what kind of pie was it?
it should matter, but does it? related: there's a key lime in the fridge.
always wished i had a chance to write for hypebeast.
the coverage you're getting is bigger than that
sergio actually said something funny i'm shocked
wow fuck off
and i showed you that cruz didn't receive anywhere near the level of scrutiny obama has.
i showed you why that was. i also corrected you on the length of debate. selective memory, much?
i do but only in the east bay, i'm not sure if i'll be in sf! also i owe helene an email
she's gone :( or maybe this friday?
. : "people expect me to be some kind of a spokesperson for the pakistani muslim. i am not." thoughts?
also, how can you shape your own narrative if you're expected to be a spokesperson for all muslim women?
wtf your human not a robot
true...but i sound gross and i sniffle every 30 seconds
i need help
ok. i've gotten 7 of 9 thus far. you?
because that was dangerous what she did. just don't find it funny really. but that's just me.
this is why we need multiple perspectives.
he is not going to make the cut
if you knew anything about golf you'd know that there isn't a cut in the tour championship bc it's only 30 golfers
yeah she is my favorite!!!
awww cool yeah i like riley
5,700+ followers and only follow 206 i need to follow some more people!
yes please
thanks matthew ! goodnight sweet dreams
goodnight sweet dreams elena have a great thursday beautiful (:
i used to recognize myself funny how reflections change
go to sleep
can't do much more damage here so no need to stay in town.
well haha you have a point!
gary sanchez is running away in the rookie of the year award race
gary sanchez deserves the award
on my way to the bay area
set times for tomorrow show?
now you know my pain and frustration from the other night.
i wanna leave it in the street
what's everybody's picks for new tv shows, this season?
well is back on oct 2nd american horror story is getting good too
fam, i made a stop at my truck &amp; it's the best decision i've made all day
about that. did elvin tell you how we just ran out and took a cuban sandwich from the breakfast spot down the block? lmao
in my defense, the material is online *sheepish grin*
don't i know that downward spiral. :p
2007. i don't know who that child is
it appears to be a child that somehow became conjoined with a llama
when people try to come natalie saying she isn't a feminist over a jury vote (also she never said she was a feminist so)
like i hate nicole but nat wasn't the only one who voted for her, her game was decent enough that it was gonna be close
it's not just hillary &gt;
see this it's a strange new thing called journalism. stop wasting our time with your dribble
political correctness just another word for...common decency. we all know has no sense of decency.....
guess what, joey, diversity is hard, better crack the books.
. : "people expect me to be some kind of a spokesperson for the pakistani muslim. i am not." thoughts?
how can we redefine narrative(s)/storytelling/think of it as a dynamic/shared process?
donald trump comes out against obama's united nations internet takeover
: who the heck does this piece of kenyan turd dictator think he is. oh, he's untouchable, cause congress fears his wrath.
kk but where's evan peters
i didn't watch yet but like now i don't even want to why are they doing this to me
headed up to lake county, ca this weekend - what are your top winery recommendations?
gotta go with boxed franzia
sick of ur phone's voicemail? i'll record you a new one to benefit ! bid on :
voicemail? what's that?
what is going on with our senate candidates?! goddamnit.
sheesh. i just don't know. like berkley losing to heller in '12. i mean what!?
when people try to come natalie saying she isn't a feminist over a jury vote (also she never said she was a feminist so)
if it was just about nat wanting a girl to win then what about all the other votes she got
look like the only creep
seriously lmao babe u need to come out wit gang fr
and with that i will leave you to your slumber. it has been entertaining.
yes, until then. good night, counselor.
lmao is this you telling me you'd fucking eat me?!
and yes it's over for you wendy lmao.
mari @ ravenclaws: write first edit later stop overthinking claws:
ugh so true
did you learn that from the prestigious university you attended ?
to support trump is to support hate. i can't make any easier for your simple mind to comprehend....
well focus on menace to society for now
it's hella good so far. my reaction since it started was just "damn."
dance gavin dance is finally coming to sf but they're playing at the worst venue ever what a rip
dude social hall is lit lol
i mean seriously.... what kind of simplistic, artistic, masterpiece is this? &amp; how does someone not "get it"?
if we are being completely honest b is influenced by s a lot.
he's my moms fave i'm more of a fitz girl
honestly i was a fitz girl too but he started pissing me off jake is though like i literally die
how many times have you had this same convo the last few years? it took war to get us out those chains brother
again bro, you aren't reading right. i'm not disputing what you saying, but what point do you prove when you destroy?
obama ignores isis chemical attack on american troops, instead pushes climate action via
typical obama style
whenever we last went to bodega bay and no thanks booboo
babe please
to paraphrase firefly, were i not betrothed, i would take you in a womanly fashion. or something. i'm not good at this ok?? xd
this is exactly the level of flirting i expect to see between two people with "geek" in their twitter handles
i don't mind having a lot of class work cus it gives me an excuse not to think ab my crippling anxiety
that shit gives me anxiety
it was my mom lol she fell jogging. she's fine but it looks crazy bad.
glad she's okay (you as well) and ya it does....that will be even better next few days!
discussed these this am, actually. decided they are essentially overengineered elastic. not sold on benefits over slipons.
my solution is owning multiple pairs of boots (heeled boots, chelsea boots, etc). they are...
and the fact that gop large didn't question him really drives the point home that it was about race
omg! no... you will not make another assumption. he has been brought to task.,by me, and many others.
with abdullah injured i don't see why we wouldn't sign ray rice. i think he deserves another chance in the league
i'd say go for it why not? and if he holds true to his word his contract $ will be donated to a charity or something like that
ok. i've gotten 7 of 9 thus far. you?
so far 3 cuz i don't know anything about 90s action movies
tonight: new video out of shows violent clashes between north carolina police and protesters....
lawlessness. disgraceful. prosecute to the fullest extent of the law!
it appears to be a child that somehow became conjoined with a llama
...you'd think it would be easy enough to google the identity of a conjoined llamachild, but i'm having no luck :(
obama and hillary have turned us into a third world country
yep, 4 years ago, ppl r just now realizing
clinton camp's messaging re: isis (i.e. "step one: destroy isis") is funny, but it's also sad bc it assumes that voters are very dumb
in a way its double sad because it shows they know voters are dumb but still cannot attract dumb voters
fun night at the casino with
is brett's new nickname "double down"?
meet one man who refuses to leave his east harlem apartment in a new doc, "the last tenant in east harlem."
he is offered a buy out, i am harassed constantly.
hanging out in london's carnaby street, 1966.
hipsters heaven that old carnaby street
im not really sure what trump has to do with people throwing people in fire.......but ok. lmao.
because gop, trump &amp; alt-reicht has done everything in their power to minimize obama &amp; blacks, as in birtherism
what happened? you still there?
don see if u can get some mexican flags at them charlotte riots. do all u can to rig this election . th...
you practically write the book on it. could end up literally writing the movie also :p
and it shall be my soul's deepest calling.
congrats to you dshon you earned this, along w/ coach wendell!!! way to go coach!!
thank you so much , you been here from the start , can't ask for nothing more .
lol didnt yell tell rodney you always won and could carry him to wins... lololol
lol who are you ? yeah i said that im not going to lie but just for shits and giggles im not the best at it so your point is????
45 churches desecrated in france from 1 january 2015 to 15 february ... the media are silent
the media has an insouciant concern for christian bashing and desecration.
does dotcom still think people are under the impression tiesto is marshmello?
he truly believes that people have no idea it's him
there is no way milt dentch works at cerm. that's too good to be true.
i don't know what milk drench or cerm are
the notion of "side effects" is a conclusion, not a fact.
if insisting on 'side effects', i might conclude that interracial -ex is a 'side effect' of alcohol.
lmao never, how was it though?
fam im cravin another one. now im hungry.
on the other hand, at least now i know that it's not just my laptop being shit
how can it be shit if it just got a million minute long update?
excuse me! media go home, "protestors" go home. looters &amp; violent agitators would be arrested.
absolutely. publicity breeds lawlessness!
very nice smmfh
alt right: "other races are less civilized. oh you disagree?" *insult/threaten/fling poo*
nah. it wasn't an attack. just a nonsense statement that you started when you tweeted me bud.
peace and love!
/ parlay money for this weekend. anyone got a solid 3 team/fight for this weekend?
everton 6/5 to beat bournemouth is great value
and with that i will leave you to your slumber. it has been entertaining.
next time we run into one another. i dear you to defend while i defend
condolences to warriors broadcaster bob fitzgerald on passing of his wife, carol, to cancer. read below for donatio...
people can donate online if you want to share camp kesem at university of oregon on classy
i really like her to i just can relate to sabrina's character
aww cool yeah it's a good show
do you guys burp iv bags before you prime iv tubing? been nurse for 4 years and just learning this.
been an icu nurse for nine, and don't even know what that means!
lol $18k/mo rental. only need $40k in cash to move in.
thanks, my wife and i giggled a lot at the incredibly tiny and cheap-ass looking bathrooms
the notion of "side effects" is a conclusion, not a fact.
if insisting on 'side effects', i might conclude that interracial-sex is a 'side effect' of alcohol.
san diego is the greatest place on earth.
you're about 450 miles off imo
you kids are really going to make me read dante, aren't you?
get anthony esolen's translation. it's not light reading, yet delightful. with good (catholic) endnotes
me when the theme comes on
are you actually
this is exactly the level of flirting i expect to see between two people with "geek" in their twitter handles
(also, sorry kate, i've got some good brain occupation tips if shit gets bad up there like it did for me)
on some real weirdo shit ..... like damn you can't be happy for a nigga
what's funny is that, if you do breakup, they're the last person you thinking bout getting with too smh.
goodnight &amp; god bless u all
have a good thursday u all (:
mostly peaceful protestors engage in some mild attempted murder.
doesn't look so peaceful!
im not really sure what trump has to do with people throwing people in fire.......but ok. lmao.
you delusional dickheads think trump will bring u the 4th reicht, ain't happening douchebags.
go to bora bora instead of fiji
why, is it better?
i know but damn that's sad
it's sad how cops just killing random minorities
"poor judgment" is entirely subjective. not everyone would agree that "poor judgment' ="side effect"
some young women might not view 'poor judgment' as a 'side-effect', but as the intended-effect.
why do you care? p.s we are married &amp; here is a bigger p.s i have money &amp; here is my last p.s i'm extremely happy.....
probably. cause he's a good looking lad, works hard &amp; funny af. last time i checked, chicks are pretty into that.
grifters gonna grift... bill clinton 'furious' at attacks 'smearing' his foundation legacy
:his legacy is that he is a rapist of women &amp; a traitor to his nation. missle warhead technology to the chinese.
online in 10 beebs come chill?
cool have a fun show
turns out pro-war literature by soldiers basically vanishes from public consciousness sharply, unless i'm missing stuff.
maybe it's about the medium more than message?
sydney's very first vegan pub
for when you decide to stop eating steak amanda then this will be ideal
he followed me twice on this acc :)
how did he follow you twice
well guess fucking what the update doesn't do diddly squat as far as i can tell
my computer won't make out with me when i'm lonely?
no, you said he dropped it only bc ted dropped out, which wasn't true.
then what is the truth to that situation?
for some reason native vids on twitter isnt working for me. anyways just wanted to lyk there will be a new video la...
that face you make when a cab honks at you while your crossing. "aye im tryna walhk here
:/ i need that @
can't do that
i this basic idea of : - recognize + value a community practice. - work to get mainstream structures to accept it.
i also seeing yeral from el aj in the video. 3015 mission st @ 26th st. sf: if you don't know, now you know!
famous educational billiards pioneer van hammersly. i thought you were playing our mr show dvds for andrew???
my god, more than 1 year on earth and no mr show? shameful
certain things just aren't for everyone ... check the campus store
you shady
now taking in applications for a cuddle buddy! serious inquirers only. furthermore information will be told in dms.
being my cuddle buddy includes: snacks, massages, playing of thee hair, and you get the first choice of what we watch.
most heartless, mindless, hitless, punchless, gutless homsestand of the season. they look like a bunch of guys ready to pack their bags
they shaped in the image of their owner.
lasa tofi is one of the best lbs in the wcal.
i wish maaan bt thanks toko! still gotta get on this grind maaannn
the fact that brad pitt cheated on angelina jolie just goes to show there is absolutely no hope for me
shit. did he really?
pro tip: when your business is selling ads, best not to piss off the people whose eyeballs you want on those ads.
yup! no football for us! basketball and baseball!
arakawa's hair looks goofy in the anime too
truth. it's like his trademark
can't remember the last time i ate at a restaurant alone. currently eating a chicken salad, eavesdropping on conversations at the grove.
any good ones?
border guard also had the "courtesy" to stamp and then cancel a visa in to my passport too, so it'll be hell even every time i visit
canadian or us?
pathetic human. do the deaths of only "white" (european-american) folk matter? disgusting. people died; why is their race an issue?
ask washington post !!!!!
it's kinda funny that as dotcom he didn't get too far but then as marshmello people love a mask
people just loved the mystery of it all
what kind of shit is this !!! y'all taking make-up too serious and to a different level
i didn't know there was rules to makeup? makeup is just for fun lol
youtube has more than enough content to be a compelling netflix style binge-watch experience, but it's absolutely the opposite.
curation is king.
that when we are slain by the people who are supposed to protect us the repercussions are impossible to ignore.
they don't care if y'all destroy shit lol they got money to rebuild. that won't change anything, look at baltimore and la.
, let me explain. i have lived in mississippi all my life, i know what a racist looks like, trump's a fucking racist!
that's your belief. go with it.
some young women might not view 'poor judgment' as a 'side-effect', but as the intended-effect.
if a young woman is getting black-out drunk in order to sleep around, 'poor judgment' is her intent.
chill zelles my gf, been at it about 7 years now but nah you had mad thinking earlier, fr fr
you coming out next function wit us idcccc lol and word we been at it for a while now
let's be real if we are gonna treat awa pro like a professional event then you gotta write professional reviews.
if i walked into work &amp; someone asked me to critique their work and i said "stupidly low creative effort . i hate this 1/10"
everyone needs to calm down over the gits teasers... they are just teasers, the movie could still be a piece of shit.
i'm seeing hate already, predictably by white ppl.
i know it gives me a headache i'm trynna leave the country but a black girl not really safe no where so ima jus smoke my weed
i'm going to the fuckin moon
yes!! minus waiting outside her apartment. that place is a fucking circus outside
oh yeah, i don't do that. lmao.
that's hella ass js
nice titties too
goodnight &amp; god bless u all (:
have a good thursday u all (:
thank you for finding me a purpose for the other one. almost had buyers remorse.
almost does seem gratuitous until you realize you're accelerating clean ubiquitous and cheap transportation.
heard the confused ass girl smh
no but fr cause the other day she wanted jean
he's busy planing tomorrows attack!!
&lt;u knowhimwell obama&amp;hellary martial lawplan &amp;tokillus's &amp;animals take...
if the voices in my head had a british accent i would listen to them more often.
except that then you would know they are the bad guys... ;)
you're in the newspaper =d
looks like that's actually :)
if a young woman is getting black-out drunk in order to sleep around, 'poor judgment' is her intent.
getting black-out drunk allows a young woman to seek out sex &amp; to be able to easily consent.
complaint filed against trump foundation with florida ag
stronger together
thank you,i miss everything nowadays cos of work,i feel so out of the loop!! i love sense of humour
the comment about his wife telling him to get into shape is priceless
if i walked into work &amp; someone asked me to critique their work and i said "stupidly low creative effort . i hate this 1/10"
- direct quote - i would be fired on the spot. you can still give a solid and constructive critique without being mean.
yeah i watch boy meets world with my mom all the time! so when girl meets world came on i started to watch it
that's cool
the nc protestors are asking for justice while also burning down the city and rioting, um please let me know how that works?
they don't even know what tf they're doing
those sleepovers are everything
i want a bae lmao
so far 3 cuz i don't know anything about 90s action movies
you know the last one. but the emojis are misleading.
courtney summers lives and writes in canada where she completed bioshock infinite on 1999 mode without the use of dollar bill machines.
either way you win bc canada.
in a non swing state, this is just not true. it is a vote to not allow either to have a popular majority.
i get you ben, in ca (altho others felt the same false comfort in the brexit vote). elsewhere tho is another matter!
macys is closing a 100 store freightliner laid off 800 yes barack obama has done a great job of putting us in the toilet
macy's doesn't need brick&amp;mortar to sell merchandise. online sales=more $$$ not everything is political
bring it to us. we'll repair it for free hope your night improves ^cr
great service - i'll look into this. thanks!
describe yourself in ? nailed it. *airbends everlasting gobstoppers while reciting every f...
oh. wow. yup.
- direct quote - i would be fired on the spot. you can still give a solid and constructive critique without being mean.
its not that hard
please accept my apology for being a no-show tonight. we got into a disabled taxi we thought you dispatched for us varick
the cab driver didn't say a word, so we assumed it was the cab we called for. we realized the mistake once we got home. sorry
we end the night at @ times square, new york city
thank you for coming!
girl.... i can wait to drink up.
yaaaaas do it let me know how it is
he dropped it because gop voters weren't buying it. think about why they weren't for a minute.
i see what you are saying. cruz had his supporters fight trump. same and dem's supporting obama.
inside sales people, please don't ever change. and yes, latvia is great this time of year.
given that i have received in incredibly similar emails, i suspect these are now machine written
interesting you say that when black people are rioting in the streets.
protest out of hand is bad! hope that calms down soon.
run rorschach. what do you see?
argentina + the gulf of mexico
smh don't be like that let her get her followers up lol stop hatin
na fr tho i don't know her @, she hides from me
i still aint got a selfie ill go wherever i want
me either tbh but mainly cause i really don't want to 40 central park is off limits boo.
the people quoting mlk seem to be forgetting there were riots during his time too... so...which method worked"?
one method led to the use of another method - social change takes an evolution of methods as the numbers grow.
the only song of theirs worth anything is that one from spiderman
all of them are
how do we? i don't want 2 resort 2 violence, i want to bring love, compassion, unity, &amp; betterment of all life 2 be...
we gain the correct knowledge about our past and present to know the future we are aware of how they control us, and stop it
on disco demolition night in 1979, white sox announcer jimmy piersall predicting the future: 1/2
"the greatest country in the world, but we have become a nation of followers. so many people insecure. they follow someone who's a jerk."
really loved seeing you guys again tonight
thank you for coming!
my first day of school for me is tomorrow
*my first day of school is tomorrow
thanks, my wife and i giggled a lot at the incredibly tiny and cheap-ass looking bathrooms
you know someone is trying to convince 8 of their friends to move in as we speak
.'s in la! got an email to be in audience but never got a callback!
i got the same email and wasn't called when they said they would either.
im kinkshaming
this is inappropriate
omg i've been asking her office about this for days and i never got this
i'm sure they'd put you on their press email list.
interesting you say that when black people are rioting in the streets.
can u understand why the angry protests?
do u ever wonder if u should quit the shrink and just lease a range sport instead
u need the therapy more
thanks for visiting! the fruit of this (and many others) will be featured in our fruit-tasting tour next m...
thanks so much for letting me know -- i didn't know about the tour! i'll try to check it out! :)
jesus, people, do you even see the scores of the mets and cardinals games?
oh ye of little faith...
remy and charley goin' to get together at some point - watch!!
i them too!!!
i get you ben, in ca (altho others felt the same false comfort in the brexit vote). elsewhere tho is another matter!
on the other side of the issue, i say the same thing to my republican friends in alabama. there are lessons in 92 election.
let's go to hue next week as a pick-me-up!
omg yes please! that honestly would hit the spot right now. i've been craving viet soups like canh chua and all that
's family says he was just waiting for his son to get home from school. he's the 732nd person to...
here is a witness account.
that when we are slain by the people who are supposed to protect us the repercussions are impossible to ignore.
aye man, i don't even wanna argue. i see your point and i respect it, just look at things from diff perspectives
blind siding a guy is so macho .
that cnn reporter has no white privilege
why is there even an argument over my life mattering. what don't you understand?
i'm getting anxiety just imagining this conversation
like how the fuck she even on the phone w him that long?
he not on the phone
exactly. free brady? from what, the spa? gmafb
lol a tribe didn't come and steal mr. brady stfu
as in seriously asking if you wanted to accompany to a gym near the con a few mornings so we don't miss a sesh
what gym? what hotel you stayin at?
trump:there are rapists &amp;some i assume r good people" hillary:"he described mexican immigrants as rapists" the...
i concur with u,there is so much dishonesty in the media / great research !
that may change by sunday, i imagine ;)
well, we have our own so....
join the club
does this club have food or beer too? because if so, then sign me up woman!!
i spent too much time thinking about this but i like what i came up with lol.
this bitch only wishes the characteristics that describe ferris bueller are similar to the characteristics that describe her
such a demanding computer game.
"unmatch instructions"
police are being put in an impossible situation. very restrained but also giving space to non-peaceable agitators.
disgraceful. they need to stop rioters!
never had a flat tire in my life until last month. and now i just got another. making up for lost time!
good news: i have aaa, roadside assistance w/ insurance, and toyota care. bad news: 2hrs in and i'm still waiting at my car for service.
"they are angered for deep reasons for more than just a shooting. they feel neglected" - newt gringrich on african-american urban community
: neglect begins with one's self.
i'm hungry and like most problems i have, i'm going to solve this with wine.
or a smoke
question: are there are any 2d animated dinosaurs that aren't from a don bluth movie?
one of the earliest animations is a dino! :)
you don't think some d&amp;d nerds can't get down on some double doubles?
oh i'm sure some can. just more likely to be vegan than kid that lifts weights and eats real protein.
ur the reason why they sold out
lol chill there's hella left
"the greatest country in the world, but we have become a nation of followers. so many people insecure. they follow someone who's a jerk."
"it's getting out of hand as far as things they're starting to do. i don't know how far they're going to go." -- j piersall (3/3)
it's a shame i've never tweeted this, but . i'm so sick of all this bullshit.
please tweet this again when people are actually awake
nothing like standing on a railing singing at the top of your lungs! tonight was great
thanks for coming! it was a blast
the anime better prepare itself for the backlash then...tho it there's a slight possibility ashgreninja won't leave
well, i mean they already did with the league loss.. soooooo
blm burns down another city, and they wonder why they cant move outta the projects.
and you're still doing nothing but tweeting. shut the fuck up joey you fucking retard
random thought- if there was to be a gravity falls comic, what kinda comic would y'all like to see?
the stan twins as kids in their quest for the jersey devil.
given that i have received in incredibly similar emails, i suspect these are now machine written
if there was ever a good reason to completely ignore such emails, having them come from a machine makes it even more compelling.
yes she filed for divorce he cheated with some girl from the show allied apparently
this breaks my heart. i was seriously loving them together. but who would even think about cheating on angelina jolie ??!!
ours will all be sitting next to eachother
hey mine will be too
has been viewed more than 2.5 million times on demand. great numbers for an incredible series.
go on with your badself naz!
if ted had been treated the same as obama, he would have been driven from the race at the outset...
no, obama was not treated on the race, same as ted. agree to disagree.
as your days of being a coward continue in perpetuity.
i looked at his feed &amp; suspect he is lying about having been nice. he seems like a 24/7 bitch dirtbag nazi to me.
been marathoning old episodes of and wow hates sans serif
i guess so?
and are an abrogation of due process. crimes should be investigated by police.
drunk sex is not a crime in the us.
does she work out??? cause if she does then i need her workout routine
i take her to personal training with me
when u actually should be a model
holy throwback
keep an eye on your mailbox. you may be getting an invite to the gathering of the idiots for stern!!
i'm pretty sure the wack pack supports trump. you'd fit in perfectly. they can call you harley davidson rene. pack
there's always that one guy on tinder who's pictures all look like a magritte painting and you can't make out his face in any of them
*whose i'm not an ape
thought you knew history. google lbj racist quotes. he said plenty of other things too.
i know lbj's language and style! i will look it up, but i won't check for it in "lbj racist quotes."
like pier pasolini, i am always on the side of the police, unless proven otherwise. class matters. order matters. criminal filth does not.
i'm biased towards people who took an oath.
lmaoo she lurking on ya pg
that's why she made it
how do we? i don't want 2 resort 2 violence, i want to bring love, compassion, unity, &amp; betterment of all life 2 be...
all humans must learn how they function...the truth... we are all very powerful without resorting to violence
lmfaoo yo im crying i could see u doing all that though
lmao me too that's why i'm aggy
please watch frasier i'm about to do my 3rd or 4th rewatch
as soon as i saw u tweeting about this endeavor i decided was controlling your mind, manchurian candidate style
i'm used to seeing weird security products at work, but this is getting ridiculous. these better not have bluetooth.
wasn't kidding about cutting the cord
you know the last one. but the emojis are misleading.
oh! maybe it should have been like:
scottish people and twitter is quality material.
i know reece wasn't scottish but i keep picture him saying all of these in his accent
you are a liar. trump never condoned random acts of violence.
oh yes he did. "maybe the second amendment people can". it was not him calling for votes. we all know what he meant.
we don't trust these hoes lol
fuuuuck no
license to loot: stop calling this a protest. stop pandering to criminals in masks. stop endangering innocent ppl, biz.
this is just an excuse for the lawless to rob and loot innocent business owners!
goodnight &amp; god bless
have a good thursday
das what im talkin bout. das what i like to seeeee ..... come n see me!!
she triipppin i let her win bruh
i think that should always be saravanan meenatchi.
that is soru podra saami when i don't get employment in 'murica. important distinction.
imagine trying to explain this to white family members
i have and it's ridiculous
on that note, i'm gonna be working in new york for the next few months so get atcha girl
please keep doing good work there. and take care of my badge.
i'm a bit concerned that some might mistake the hour glass in the corner of my avatar for some kind of awful alt-right thing.
i'm just still confused by the gas mask
i feel like this is about me
you've got the wrong brittany fam
jeez, man, you can't get upset about every crank with a twitter account popping off like th-oh, god, he has a usa today column.
columnist advocating for vehicular homicide was not something i was expecting to read on twitter dot com.
i was trying to be nice before. summer, i'm telling you in my best milwaukee kraut accent: raus!!!
"kraut accent?" are you a wwii veteran at the knights of columbus hall?
sure. but films have different conditions and constraints - the distinction and transition may be telling.
novels are also more divorced from popular trends
one cool thing about the first episode of 'pitch' is a cover version of "sympathy for the devil." it's hella.
no one cares about you lucifer
your opinion does not matter we all brothers
that's not an opinion dumb ass it's a question
damn, this is 10 years old!!! this was a slapper!
wait a minute mutha fucka
me and luis will be waiting at point b while she is leaving point a (40 cps) then..
exactly!!!! i ain't gots the energy for that shitshow
cause you a doodoo head
i was tired
team offsite
i love that show!!
nooooo. it didn't gain him anything, so he dropped it. moved on to insulting his wife and such.
it actually did gain him a lot. media attention that somewhat related anchor baby issue.
absolutely.. the to-do list never ends! however creativity has to come first sometimes.
thanks for the great post. a nice reminder to make time to think. funny, that was my 2016 resolution. back on the bandwagon :)
that includes starting the vehicle, starting it and not driving it.
dui means driving under the influence. 'driving' is defined as 'sitting in driver's seat'.
it was worth getting kd though right?
don't mean i enjoy watching it. the one day i watch your story smfh
novels are also more divorced from popular trends
like i was gonna say jack kirby cause he saw combat in ww2 before making nick fury
worst decision
wasn't expecting to get this far in lol
when pinkerton gets stuck in my head, it doesn't find its way out for a few days. like an earwig whispering pink triangle
so, you're welcome, then
i'm agreeing w you ! it's making people think differently about their skin tone and they should love it just like no one questions
no she's been a clown about it !! she's saying the only way she can stop from being scared of being shot is by painting herself
it always starts with a 5 minute video
bestu. alternate career option for you. write abstinence/ just say no psas
julie tells us will be 12 new and 1 returning houseguests...
what's the cost?? r tgey going to block us by only putting on 1 camera like which was fake
giving him a little too much credit, don't you think? had pitching and murphy. blew biggest ws decisions.
i'm a tc critic but he got to a ws so pretty sure he can handle ny
you and everyone else. flying sucks.
i like the other parts
not under the state laws, which criminalize drunken sex.
you have no source to support your claim.
like i was gonna say jack kirby cause he saw combat in ww2 before making nick fury
but that could've just been the war comic craze of the early '60s dictating what would sell
how do we? i don't want 2 resort 2 violence, i want to bring love, compassion, unity, &amp; betterment of all life 2 be...
it's taken me years, and i'm still finding new knowledge, it won't happen overnite
and you know that only means one thing.. ash turns into a bird and the show ends there
he turned into ho-oh
can't wait to start my new life
it ain't real aerobics unless it's on vhs
not under the state laws, which criminalize drunken sex.
there are no "state laws which criminalize drunken sex". u are just being moronic.
damn i ain't even think of birthdays like that lmao. oh and happy g day
thank you
the mistake adam walinsky makes in this article is believing anything trump says &amp; thinking the chinese &amp; russians...
additionally he forgets the most important issue of our age: that of human caused climate change and on this issue trump is wrong
so,lemme get this straight.most riots occur in cities ruled by democrats but democratic policies &amp; leadership have nothing to do with it?
things that make you go hmmm! no! things that make you go....vote for trump!
my favorite part about the obama era is all the racial healing.
blaming the president for the evil in other people's heart, that is just reasonable, how desperate
it really has the only bad part about being the 1st and 3rd show is you have to go through the rest of tour sad :(
i know like when he's in europe asia and south america i'm really hoping he does a second leg here i need to see him again
jesus, people, do you even see the scores of the mets and cardinals games?
and mets just got swept 3 straight by braves in ny!
. now they've been imported into the u.s. for domestic application.
what about seattle (1999) and miami (2003), and and
no, but i'm asking you to compare with your own standards. i want opinions, not necessarily factual analysis.
my opinion is that he's been treated like any other black man trying his best in this country, an obstacle at every turn.
as a maichard fan, i've never been more kampante like i am now. i'm very satisfied with the way things are going for my ship.
same here:)) kaya double time sa hanash mga tards, they know maichard is real!
will you be home for the holidays? will be back december 9th on .
they should bring an updated wonder years back!
here is for , hanging out in the break room. she's the coolest.
she is breathtakingly gorgeous
you are straight
i don't understand this. and nobody has asked for my sieranevada oscar predix.
that has nothing to do with the topic at hand.
you claimed that drunk people "are unconscious".
she's amazing but honestly sad this wasn't a dorkus follow-up tbh
the j question square posted actually made me laugh harder. but dorkus has officially been ruled out for future kids names
i do hope this awful mood drop is just shark week about to begin. i want to go back to having fun &amp; being able to ignore shitty fandom stuff
hopefully the stream will help. it's a start.
follow &amp; rt the picture to join the give away it'll last till tomorrow night good luck to everyone &amp; to who ever wi...
these are clean danny !!! wow
it's hit my sweet spot for exquisitely designed apeshit guignol the last few s2 eps
i'm almost done with a first full rewatch, and i do love s3, but the s2 finale is just transcendent.
giving him a little too much credit, don't you think? had pitching and murphy. blew biggest ws decisions.
botching games lkke tonight doesn't mean he can't handle ny
because there was no dispute he was not born in us. his whiteness allowed him to be trump's biggest threat
btw, ted is hispanic. and owambe is bi-racial. just saying... his mom was not from africa.
n.c. gov. mccrory tells news affiliate national guard members are on their way to charlotte in buses....
gov mccrory should resign. he is a disunifying person.
i'm excited for the job but the visa issues kinda took the wind out of my sails on it. without the visa i don't have the job :-/
you'll get to it eventually!
he knew he had to answer questions. should have made copy of hillarys cheat sheet.
trouble is, they don't think they have to answer questions, b/c that's not how coronations work.
i know, you're right. just in a piling on type of mood tonight.
it was a bad night lol
a ligh one. people are scared to be in their own skin.
yup we are these cops out here with glock 9 and ar 15 just shooting unarmed ppl
yes just now hurry!
we missed it, but m got it on dvr!!!!
what happened to !!?!
its flat and gone
i could not recall always lying
: she no ways remembers always lyin', but almost all the time lyin'.
gurl there are plenty of things. bitch wishes she was anything like william miller snappity snap
biiitch, we live for music, &amp; we write, we don't do well in social situations, and we both love ppl that do not love us back
and then i'm out your mentions i swear
i don't have an answer but i know for a fact destroying your own city doesn't do anything. when has that worked? never.
btw, ted is hispanic. and owambe is bi-racial. just saying... his mom was not from africa.
obama* ugh! going to be. night
and poor judgment can stem from various forms of intoxication and impairment.
alcohol does not "impair" people. that is just your opinion.
my opinion is that he's been treated like any other black man trying his best in this country, an obstacle at every turn.
he has done as much as his house and senate allowed. his effort isn't unnoticed.
i'm not very proud of myself this week. lol.
ugh i feel that way this week too- this is temporary and tomorrow is another day!
yep! we watching it now!!!
oh eggsciting. we will watch it tomowwow on dvr
1k retweets and i'll carry on my day as usual. maybe get a burrito. most definitely add some guac.
decided on nachos. got the guac
while all this reckless behavior going on in charolette! our president is just sitting back like always!...
i thought he was out golfing. again.
i don't understand why we are supposed to refrigerate probiotics. our intestines are pretty warm, no?
so they only rot inside you
it was lit, i think its the reason why im still kinda athletic.
the dancing def helps with mind, body and soul
wait what young thug songs should i play at my wedding
best friend would be perfect for your first dance
tell that 2 emma
this is highly inappropriate
what number in line are you?
and just arrived
he was cheating on her though. "allegedly"
he been trash but to assume that her mastectomy is some sort of justification or reason is problematic
fan generated but awesome.
can't wait to play it. the racing series that managed to pull me in. best out there imo
how do we? i don't want 2 resort 2 violence, i want to bring love, compassion, unity, &amp; betterment of all life 2 be...
we need to abolish current systems ..money needs to go... once the money is gone, power and greed will go with it
in other news. im on the search for a new browwwwn lip ... so if y'all have any suggestions ,let me know . i want like a dark poop color
when i tell you nyx lingerie is where it's attttttttt!!! omg lol my fave for sure. beautiful colors
how does this not have over 1k rts jesus christ.
i know he probably studied that
omg me to!! i want to meet him 2 :((
same here like did you see he met fans from paris yesterday???
shoot it at a dutch angle and it's a hitchcock movie
great idea! i did! and now i'm accused of a crime i didn't commit and people are after me and i think i'm married to doris day.
and poor judgment can stem from various forms of intoxication and impairment.
nope, "poor judgment" does not "stem from various forms of intoxication". that's just your opinion.
do we need to sing you a lullaby?
sure! lol. would appreciate that.
lop at the rate im studying it will be the main career option xd
haha intha oorla some two tony nominated playwrights will also be trying for that same job. data analytics eh better shot.
exactly how does destroying the city you live in help solve anything?
yeah, when did violent uprisings ever accomplish anything in america? look at those boston tea party assholes.
can't sleep. sick to stomach.
thinking about you and all my friends in the
wow! thanks for the update!
media claiming it was civilian on civilian shooting. pls share if you see that misinformation. thank you. get some rest if you can
i will definitely keep you posted if i use to find anything that i wouldn't have used google search for.
of course got in the penalty box w/ the press &amp; the public because no encryption that google can't decrypt (for feds).
.: "a combination of agitators and a populace that has lost hope frequently leads to great chaos."...
always in democratic ruled cities!
planetes is great and you should watch it even if it's just because their helmets look so happy
this is great
ok that catches me up
we watch it tomowwow night. we get bak to yu.
at least today it was because they were handing out a community service award named after him.
he did and still does a lot of good for oakland....just wish he didn't try to destroy the d-backs
hell yeah, this is what i'm loading up into my vape rig right now. the good stuff. it's called bleu gene
i like yr new avi. the shawl, the cat, the dramatic river &amp; forest. what's the story there?
charley, i believe what remy's saying is, "keep the farm, and i come with it. and you come with me. take that as you will."
oprah, we've got a for you!!! contact info:
what a dedicated fan, braving the streets of manhattan all night! at least it's not too cold there...stay safe!
love nyc it's my hometown
it's an awesome career! i spent most my summer going into junior year following dr. hess, super cool stuff!
he's the one who got me my job out here! his son was the ring bearer in my wedding! i absolutely love it
i'm not going in on white people on here or anywhere for that matter. i rather just continue doing me.
i rather accomplish all my goals and eventually be in a position of power. and see to it that those like me have those opportunities as well
the repeated appeals to incredulity don't change reality.
you're the moron who cited an educational code in support of your claim that drunk sex "is a crime".
though we love to argue about trivialities in the software world, i've never heard an argument about null vs nil vs none.
do you think that the semantics of nothing are a trivial matter?
well ferris skipped school 9 times his sr year he enjoys being rebellious and hates his fuckin sister biiiitch
that's a weak argument, those are just minor details of the movie
how many episodes do y'all think there are until charley and remy get it in?
3 for a kiss so 4
also sending him a bowl of rose pedals and dead bees
she's 60 y/o and hella sav for doing that i love it
. on declaring state of emergency in charlotte: "the main thing that i'm doing is providing assets to...
good! support the police effort!
dude literally though
i don't get it man. what does rioting accomplish? this is their own city they are ruining.
basta ako never naapektuhan ng mga kuda na yan! i have my own mind &amp; i will never be swayed by these tards.
yep, especially now w/ d expose that the tards are paid bashers and pathological liars.
come hike with me today !! i've got a group of 6 going to runyon canyon, and i'll be at baldwin hills. dm me for...
very nice! as for me jnana yoga has always 'centered' me and given me a deep sense of peace.
i know she's being sarcastic but she speaking for a lower voice. regardless it's fucked up.
na she's making her point because shit is ridiculous !!! they at the lowest point for killing the innocent
someone enlighten me, why is the 27" cheaper when the specs are far better than the 15"? can't be just from being...
more people buy due to mobility
kd soft as hell for this comment.
should have said "well see how mad they are when we win a championship"
my hotel room is officially booked for avn 2017! woot!
i get the bed by the window this time!
on the other side of the issue, i say the same thing to my republican friends in alabama. there are lessons in 92 election.
agreed! this is a wild one.
okay, mrs. "half the country is deplorable" clinton.
incorrect. if drumpf supporters truly listened to facts. he always lies hiding his ties to criminals &amp; racists.
my english professor wants us to read 200+ pages every night... since when was english 1b this serious???
she's only making u do it so she can drop u lmao
bathroom selfie right before pablo hits the stage
mom &amp; dad bless me with some yeezy's
of course got in the penalty box w/ the press &amp; the public because no encryption that google can't decrypt (for feds).
if you're planning anything illegal or that you don't want google to know about &amp; use to sell ads, then don't use or to plan.
ok, but mom goin back to doctor for more treatment on obber side...fftt
oh mom! dat is a trial !
roger goodell says he wants these anthem protests....be careful what you ask for ...
roger goddell is an ass! he will destroy football!
omg the new headquarters in rwc is amazing.
agreed! awesome space
yes i was crying so much
i know like no fair he really seems to be enjoying europe more then north america
oh shit greysssss tomorrow
i'm still on season 8 and i just watched lexie die and i'm so hurt lilly ):
nothing beats that period
wish my parents let me have a round 2 ugh
don't be quick to judge when you weren't there to answer their peaceful cries for help in the first place.
so you think that rioting, looting and killing is ok? you call it a cry for help? are you kidding me?
i went through it last year the cops came out w no convictions set free, badge and all. shit so twisted.
so u should some what understand
(2/2) perhaps an alien invasion - perhaps then everyone will realize that we are all the same inside and we will work together as one.
ok... now i got it.... a common enemy...
how do we? i don't want 2 resort 2 violence, i want to bring love, compassion, unity, &amp; betterment of all life 2 be...
religion has to go. if your clinging to religion, your in need of some re-education. religion is a key factor in the control
4. in july, donna brazile's contract with cnn was suspended when she became the paid dnc chair.
sounds like racial and sexual discrimination. the black woman can't do what the white man can.
yes they both had white american mothers. that does nothing to detract from my point.
well... another point i'll make. you people (regressive left) are too obsessed with skin color. it's maddening
had a very good day &amp; i'm feeling fine so i guess i'll wind down w/ a chill relaxing movie how about man on fire that's good pre-bed stuff.
i wish we could spoon and watch it together.
i really want some fried calamari with xxxxxxtra basil
i thought i was the only one that does that
its a political concious album
can't wait to hear it. where's the album cover at tho??
if would have successfully prosecuted randell kerrick then we may not feel the need to protest.
exactly. that was a gross miscarriage of justice. enough is enough. from the bay area
it's coming, folks. the amy guth/rex huppke political podcast, in which the omni-talented and i talk...wel...
p scared ran
i'm gonna take an l and just take the 0 for this quiz. she got me fucked up if she thinks ima read 200+ pages.
lollll you picked the wrong teacher
lg giving everyone the dust they deserve @ 40 cps
get ready cause we ain't getting no sleep that week hunty
omg i hated her lowkey thank you gorgeous! and i am hope you are too!!
when you would argue w her it was sooooo funny you're welcome and thanks i am too!
agreed! this is a wild one.
but 68 is it not, yet
you should try that instead of letting ryan make a fool outta you.
it's all for laughs bro , you swear i gave a shit what people say
we already know! charley is not gonna make it back to california and remy will be the reason why. this is going to be good
i hear you! they are going to be king and queen of . that's where the wedding will be!!!
yeah. &amp; they leave a ladder in the window? as window dressing? haha
there will be ropes and dividers up by tomorrow
no it won't. they're anti-americanism was largely internally generated. you're being biased, imo
those tweets on their own are one side of an argument sure. americans lack introspection about us foreign policy (:
.: "we have to recognize that too many black men are being killed in questionable circumstances in co...
shame on you geraldo!
kevin durant: "it did hurt" on the backlash he received from okc.
what the fuck did you expect? okc fans to be thrilled as you bent them over?? cry about it.
omg that was me the other day! usually i feel fine but omg this cycle was horrible i cried all the time.
making me so emotional, like a weak lil bitch that im not. we gotta be stront.
so i cant go hunting i have to be threatened to hold my gun? when can i load it or put it in the holster
hunting rifles are different from handguns. there is this great thing called google. use it and learn.
springfield police seize 27 guns, rocket launcher, claymore mine from mentally ill missouri man
tell me the rocket launcher, grenades and claymore weren't sold/purchased legally
i'm scared i'm really fucking scared
*warm hug offer*
three possible explanations for why students with special needs didn't fare as well on parcc.
this is such a complex topic with many variables that contribute to the outcomes seen here. likely similar in all states.
me and a friend are gonna be watching strong world tonight, i've never seen it before but he has, care to join us? ^_^
sorry for the really really late response but thanks. i've actually already seen it but enjoy it.
you're killing my venture buzz, man. also, those guys didn't take my money back in the day, so...i'm honestly happy for them.
or you could put that money into , the casper of sofas. and they won't make an ai app. let me know if you want an intro.
it's his personality.
skipping school is not a personality trait,that would be the rebellion. hating jeannie is not his personality it's prolly hers
but rlly in 3 more days it's our 3 year anniversary lol. we don't celebrate monthly bullshit but i am excited for the yearly marks
happy anniversary to u guys!
this dog is half corgi half golden retriever
cuteness overload!! a hybrid of adorableness!
blach follows a 10-pitch inning with a 9-pitch inning. all the people who are driving to san diego tonight need more blach, please.
he definitely should pick up that sunday start.
we've got a national anthem standoff! via electric stuff.
. besides when the announcer said "paper rock scissors" which i thought was weird. definitely "rock paper scissors" right?
i'm a gay latino man who supports trump, here's why. ...
gracias nestor , great mindset and positive passion !
i'm all the way in oakland tho
psh i'm clearly worth the drive. smh @ u
lmao yes he does. look closely next time
lmaooo he dead always combs his hair before class but i would have never thought it was a wig. stoppp lmao!
yea it was kinda a reach. but i think that's what she was trying to say
read the thread. she's basically blaming angelina and saying brad deserves a whole woman so he's right 2 cheat in this case
25min workout today ...
gonna try that one leg step down box jump over method!
i ain't bouta get into everything but those are main ones
cuz u ain't got no more arguments \_()_/
friends. it's live. launching with 2 design services, more coming soon.
congrats!!!
mayor giuliani: "we have gone back 8-10 yrs in our race relationships b/c of what ... &amp; have done."
government in washington is fueling this fire!
. reporters are in championing the ! ...
and we're live with the story! thanks so much for making this happ...
and 2) might solar evolve to pair with batteries; making profits off of installing &amp; managing storage?
batteries help increase grid efficiency, not
sawrry i didn't notice i wasn't until marissa tweeted ur famous now so i hit follow to the new toto guitarist.
aww i know. i'm the coolest new guitarist. need to make up for it though. looks like is the real right now
look no further bb
literally why you're the actual greatest
dude one peice burning blood is freaking awesome man, the game reminds me of the good o' dbz fighting games
i know right. when xenoverse comes out, i'm definitely buying it.
i love hot cheetos so much but i can only eat one or two before my face melts off
this is me with takis
when u think u got leftover chinese in the fridge but someone threw it out
tastebuds was ready too smh
the sec has charged high-profile hedge-fund manager leon cooperman with insider trading:
if he is guilty, let's hope that he goes straight to prison
and poor judgment can stem from various forms of intoxication and impairment.
the word 'impairment' is only relevant in regards to operation of a motor vehicle.
what we looking at
oh shit nothin i just peeped you a falcons fan too
cooper the pup, rottweiler/golden retriever mix
oh my goodness!! melt my heart sweetness!
seriously praying i get this job man... totally giving up if i don't get this one
dont go sellin yaself out man stay positive
piepowder is a 15th century word for a traveller or wayfarer. it derives from a french word meaning 'dusty-footed'.
word of that day!
fav if you think marijuana will be legal in massachusetts come november.
it should be legal all over the usa
yeah i got a few but take a second to help me find the fucks you expected me to give dear.
i can see that you &amp; your people don't give a fuck at all about pretty much anything, which is apparent in your behavior.
he's the best! my mom worked there for the longest. im sure he'll help you get the best education to be an ortho
his son is my boyfriend for real though
and poor judgment can stem from various forms of intoxication and impairment.
the word 'impairment' is not relevant in regards to sex.
until then i was a bitter angry person. out of nowhere life finally made sense.
there are lightworkers all over this planet, awakening to their calling at different times.. you may be a light worker
this is the true gateway to the western nations:
these are nations of israel.
yeah and he came to my state a couple of weekends ago which i never thought he would do
yeah he probably did before he went to europe
i cannot ever remember coming across something like that before.
another bombshell moment today.
in major shift, trump is critical of police officer who killed unarmed black man
bc sometimes even pigs fly
there should be a word for feeling left out even though you would have said no if they invited you.
probably the most relatable tweet i've ever read
um what i'm shook you didn't call me
yes i did 2 times
let me know when others show up.
what number will you be bill?
doyoung is so dumb omg he doesn't even know what "can't live without you" means in english
not knowing english means ur dumb
this was a great shot from the camping trip of us at the fire just enjoying each others company! ^^
you should see california's redwood national park :3
i could troll here, but i won't. still looking fwd to beer!
you can troll and still get beer. i can handle it.
so we have a central park/little italy date on saturday again?!!!!
lol girl i need to get my life together &amp; get back to you
i missed the one a few years back, and i'll never forgive myself.
ah will keep that in mind, thanks justin!
. on obama admin. response to race issues: "their rhetoric &amp; their approach have made these things wor...
obama stirs the pot to cause trouble!
what game is this? i dig the art style.
wailing heights
and the affirmative consent laws don't offer an objective measure. drunk driving laws do.
those "affirmative consent" laws are educational codes.
thats willie baby moms? i thought she was a stripper rt : lmaoooooo
get you a girl that can do both
7 delicious grab-and-go breakfasts to make with eggs and greens via
um, yes please, all of those! i was just complaining about breakfast being such a pain. :p
you... fucking cry baby
i'll hit you in front of all your friends, shut up
those tweets on their own are one side of an argument sure. americans lack introspection about us foreign policy (:
obama has started two middle eastern conflicts essentially, none of this warmonger 19th century aggressionist stuff comes up
and they wonder why anyone thinks their communities are filled with criminals.
that's a fucking white guy you idiot
will stream online at , &amp; other sites. where will you watch? your comments 10p
i'm definitely watching on broadcast tv. good way to save some bandwidth on those internets.
until then i was a bitter angry person. out of nowhere life finally made sense.
i would get busy studying what a lightworker is, and connect with some... it'll do nothing but good
is not a protest, it is planned and coordinated mayhem built by barack hussein obama.
you forgot about george .
and the affirmative consent laws don't offer an objective measure. drunk driving laws do.
drunk driving laws are criminal statutes. educational codes are not criminal statutes.
tomorrow i'm going to wear the same jeans i wore today as protest for being unfairly dress-coded in them.
girl i wish i had distressed jeans to join you :(
lol @ yer faggotry
you can see from the poll's wording that's biased and no doubt fudged af
ugh same! i don't know how i feel about these worlds colliding lol
let's see where it takes us! more song &amp; dance in hollywood? better eye make up? more elegant clothing choices?
sounds all kinds of strange. so i have to use my feet? can i only hold it inside my house?
i know, newly learnt things often seem strange. just let reality set it. you'll be fine.
tru but francesca and i dint really meet til last year lol
idk how yall gna get me out my apartment to do shit but please try lol
if you publicly claim to be to make money / get speaking slots, and are not tay, we will know, &amp; there will be a reckoning.
is it becky?
im so unbelievably thankful. yes totally owe you
you're welcome!! i'm glad i was able to help. you know i gotta look out for my peoples
i mean, they're basically monkey patching the library. it's so small, so why not fork and make your own?
could say the same of middleware
and if both parties are drunk, police should investigate each complaint equally.
i would suggest that you keep your sister locked up when she's drunk, lest she wake up pregnant.
just 15 seconds can save your life - caltrain safety
agreed making good decisions at rr tracks can save your life.
yes! i just can't wait for january because season 4 takes a break with such a cliffhanger
omgggg i'll be caught up in no time. i'm on s4e2. it's pretty good so far!
mek unfollowed lmao
might have been something you said tbh
.: "tired of waiting. have to wait for justice system to take its course...but all this time another black male life is lost"
he drew a gun on a cop when told to get out of his car!
it's best that obama keeps his mouth shut. after all he was wrong about both trayvon martin and michael brown.
: does it really matter? he just loves to stand in front of the mirror &amp; ask who is the fairest in the land? you are mag daddy!
can't wait!!!
shit gets crazy here! i find i'm saying "dig" a lot. the reefer parties are adorable. i think i'll stay. c...
i beat danny
by almost double??? yeah. you're my favorite. no question.
state of emergency declared in charlotte. now at 10, the national guard is on the way to north carolina....
time to stop playing games with this terrorist/protesters
anytime you get ready to confront something in your life, there will always be a lot of "what ifs" that the devil will put in your head.
wow! this was meant for me! i've made a tough life- changing decision which i know is the right thing to do, but it's hard.
i guess you broadcast so much negativity you can't keep track? wr179 tying one on talking horror: i stopped at 40 min.
i'm listening now but it would be very helpful if you could specify exactly what bothered you. we're jumping between topics.
when people ask me why i tweet completely different subjects in a matter of seconds... sorry i have add this is my life
never diagnosed for it but story of my life.
read the affirmative consent laws; they don't differentiate between 1, 3 or 10 drinks.
i don't give a fuck, as it's nothing more than school policy.
yeah he came to a small town in washington
that's nice
in this conversation with not many words can put in ...
yeah...and azhar look ready for his 100th
my husband passed away nearly 4 weeks ago, just a couple of hours after seeing you. monday was his funer...
please don't make me cry
the golden hour at . walking the cliffs at cape woolamai. (photo: ig/shannnaya)
it is all nature not man made
im not saying anything now shr up im trying to sleep
get away from me your presence is annoying
my 7 year old sister - my name is elianna, &amp; i wear makeup to school so people think i'm pretty but im not
how dare you
men absorb alcohol differently than women, and different people have different tolerances.
that's why it's a good idea to get a woman drunk before gaining consent.
city of charlotte: fatal shooting at protest was "civilian on civilian."
sad needless loss of life!
i'm seriously going to tell samsung on you. please go tomorrow and get a new phone.
we need scold the at&amp;t store he tried to bring it to. they wouldn't take it b/c he wasn't the primary account holder.
could say the same of middleware
the whole motivation for enhancers and middleware is so people don't have to fork
and yet, color is a protected class under title vii and the civil rights act. interesting...
nothing wrong with that. but doesn't mean politicians/msm/civilians should make everything about it.
lol @ yer faggotry
reliable sources or your echo chamber. troll or serious discussion. cant do both
somewhere in this photo and are doing a
i am in santa cruz drinking craft beer and eating burgers.
ione will literally always be the highlight of my day
awww that's the cutest tweet evrrrrr
that's cuz ur tits and ass are always out
your a dick and i was actually fully covered in my horse back riding clothes and my boots and spurs and everything
you're welcome!! i'm glad i was able to help. you know i gotta look out for my peoples
keep me posted on your acceptance! i know it's coming
i had the most amazing night &amp; i thank these men for being great individuals and putting on the best show
bby girl i wore a shirt so fricken similar to that to hotline spring
i'm listening now but it would be very helpful if you could specify exactly what bothered you. we're jumping between topics.
if you find our tone flippant, i'll buy that, but i'm not hearing any negativity.
someone is drunk enough to lose consciousness during sex, that sounds like too drunk to consent.
a woman is never "too drunk to consent".
talking shit now huh
yeah bitch i do what i want
trump is the best hope of the working poor. hillary is the candidate of the rich.
the best hope of living in a police state you mean.
girllll this season is crayyyyy-z, prepare!
yaasss i can't wait!
happy birthday i love you and hope your day was absolutely amazing!!
thanks vicks!!
lemon &amp; elderflower curd cupcakes
i love elderflower so much, these look fantastic.
where is obama tonight? his legacy is unfolding tonight in charlotte.
no words of wisdom from the king? hmmm
american sniper seems to be the one that stands out from a handful of edgecases. interesting.
and let's not even start in on star wars &amp; tom clancy
how can they they be trump supporters? they live off liberal benefit programs?
howard discussed that exact issue today.
until then i was a bitter angry person. out of nowhere life finally made sense.
i am steered and directed from the source..my calling is different from a lightworker, but i get help from them all day long
shots fired round 3.
bro just wait on it
it's true.. imagine you and your partner was rich y'all wouldn't trip off the little things in life..
money and status shouldn't be a factor in your relationship lol
amazing and funny plane images that will make you thnk twice about flying
this is why i jumped out of a plane when i went sky diving...lol...
if they're going to fact check trump at the debates it may be easier to have paul simon sing the chorus of the boxer every time he speaks.
this is a very good tweet
hey, , your followers would love to know your thoughts on announced attendance of 45,983.
love krukow but the rational regarding belts inability to go to left because it would take away hr swing is weak!
'pacific rim 2' adds jing tian to cast
oh word, they are actually making a 2nd one
faq about jws:
let me make sure i got this right. we're going to ask a potential cult if they are a cult?
next monday's show is at the exact same time as the us presidential debate. should we
don't forget to vote!
a 2 yr old is 100% self-centered. development means wider &amp;wider perspective. trump still has world view of 2 yr old. as our president?
-in the case of trump, his arrested development ensures that things won't get better. what you see is what you get, forever.
someone is drunk enough to lose consciousness during sex, that sounds like too drunk to consent.
"someone is drunk enough to lose consciousness during sex"&lt;-- i don't believe that.
and yet, color is a protected class under title vii and the civil rights act. interesting...
i say that as 1st gen american, 1/2 colombian/ 1/2 italian... and as a homosexual.
yeah i just woke up and jbc had pictures of him here
oh that's nice
you used to tell me all the time i ain't your type, now you always wanna spend the night
and what's the problem
hookups i foresee and the teacher and
i see hollywood being unfaithful and hooking up with the waitress on his 2 week
hugs won't help things
the offer is all i need to show i care hang in there
tell me that i'm great? lmao
you are tho
happy birthday i love you and hope your day was absolutely amazing!!
thanks vicks lots of love
oh, all the way in brooklyn. there's otafuku in manhattan, which i used to go to a lot when i worked around that area
i'll have to check that out or just make some myself...
when it absolutely, positively has to be there overnight...
ship nothing you are nothing. lowest on the totem pool: talkers who don't ship.
man im not finna sit hear argue wit you they keep killing us for no fuccn reason these so called big strong hero cops of u.s.a.
over 1.1m cops in the us &amp; under 1,000 instances where a cop shot a suspect. that's less than 1% of cops pulling triggers.
my slays every single look btw, could you put me on your to do list?
awesome choice as always she is amazing
how can they they be trump supporters? they live off liberal benefit programs?
liberals got women the right to vote, african-americans the right to vote; created social security..
i get her point it's just sad to see what's happening and how people feel about. yet nothing changes. it keeps repeating. dif state.
it's always been this way ppl just taping it .
i'd be curious to know too, no one on planet earth has insider
kizer is , nelson , mcglinchey
can't try forcing people to like your art just because you spent time on it. just gotta find your niche &amp; work it.
still lookin for mine btw. but i think i got somethin good this time.
america has enormous capacity for self-destruction. if you don't know that you failed history. so many gifts, so many curses. ever thus.
the mexicans have a saying: "so far from god, so close to the united states"
faq about jws:
they abuse their children. they disconnect family members from critics and nonbelievers and more. cult
do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning.
you bought your own plane. who bought hillary's?
someone please invent headphones that inject sound directly into my brain so i can listen to it louder than my eardrums can handle.
the closest thing i've seen is that the cochlear implant has a headphone port
about to cop these for sure
dude just get some skechers, they aren't overpriced and they have lights too. save money, you're welcome.
i know she's huge maybe i'll just buy a wheel barrel and roll her around
or just bed ridden, she's seems pretty cool with that hahaha
start feeling fuzzy this time of night. but i still have enough of my wits about me to know that syria demands amer...
well said...we just have to pray for a president to be elected who can handle the world stage.
you in atlanta next?
no. never got an invite, so am off to park city for fire.
nice keep killing shit. i need you to look like bolo by the summer
young bolo for sure lol
it's somehow racist/self-hate to point this out... or you're "missing the point"
yea i get told that i'm not "listening to the message" that's the big one. listen there are legitimate problems in this
i'm not usually one to post personal shit online so i'm not gonna go too deep into any of this. lately my mental health has been trash
which is something i can deal with alone but it's nice to have people to fall back on. lately i feel like i've been losing friends...
he's on the campaign trail stumping for trump and not spending any time in milwaukee when we have problems/prisoners dying
and obama is stumping for hillary when there were 4 attacks in 1 day. can anyone say biased??? not even an acknowledgment!
if you are unconscious you can't consent. that's the point here
drunk people are not "unconscious".
do not invite rudolph juliani back on your show, please!
please retweet this and make it happen. do not shop or work on black friday in protest of all the unjust killings!!
i trust 3 people in my life: 1) me. 2) myself. 3) i.
&amp; that's who you are going to end up w/!!!
it's somehow racist/self-hate to point this out... or you're "missing the point"
country but there is a right and a wrong way to go about solving them. this is the wrong way.
i am workshopping a standup set where i just describe things that i saw online that were funny, and then i'm like did you see that one?
this is &gt;50% of our conversations
if you are unconscious you can't consent. that's the point here
if she is drunk and spreading her legs, then she is consenting.
he's the1 w/tribl tmpr, bt don't gt on mylast nrv!b a combo of6in.frm ur fc/death stare thn knws2bk away... quickly!
i may b ltl but, i'm fierce!! hv2b in this wrld, espec.if a woman. and, being w/man who is still gointhru terrible2s
um, racists make everything about it. that's the entire point we've been making. now go away!
i agree, which is why i hate dem party housing so many racists.
thank all for the kind words remembering the 9-21 hr. also, a special birthday wish to my wife alicia.
such a critical night-1st time we could be happy/smile/cry/laugh/yell/hug/get back to being regular. thank u mike
successful and well-critiqued clancy-likes from people who fought would probably count.
are there name clancy-likes? i don't really know enough about his literary sphere to make that call
how good was if
it was so good that i cried a little.
yeah i really wish i could have meet him :(
same here and i wish justin was doing a tweeting spree post malone is doing one
aw b i'm sorry): i miss you too! i hope sf is treating you well
ohhhh i decided to stay one year at west valley and then usf :))))
good news on my clean reinstall. everything looks good now. my laptop has a useful hardware feature: the power led is white for...
...external gpu disabled, and orange for when the mighty (for when i bought it) nvidia geforce gtx 770m with 3gb gddr5 dedicated video ram.
but what else is there? i'm genuinely curious, but i haven't seen much.
i want to enable "local redux" with full devtools &amp; middleware &amp; enhancer support, zero caveats
but they don't lace themselves
you have velcro straps, close enough.
the offer is all i need to show i care hang in there
i would absolutely love to stay and listen and help but i need to sleep due to an early-for-me flight tomorrow sadly :(
which is something i can deal with alone but it's nice to have people to fall back on. lately i feel like i've been losing friends...
which kinda sucks but is also something i can deal with. but i've been feeling very alone and the one person i can rely on is my mom.
totally butt fudging gay
i can respect that response, "bro"
you are all the things that are wrong with you.
its not the alcohol or the drugs or all the shitty things that happened to you in your career or when you were a kid, its you
hi maura, were you able to speak with an agent today? ^rm
finally got it solved... but jeez it was annoying having an agent oblivious and singing into the line
ship nothing you are nothing. lowest on the totem pool: talkers who don't ship.
a little glengarry glen ross, but them's the unspoken rules. definition of "ship" depends on the gig. could be sales revs, e.g.
i want to enable "local redux" with full devtools &amp; middleware &amp; enhancer support, zero caveats
it's more about making the enhancers themselves reusable, in my view
i have nothing planned tomorrow and i was going to go to long beach and see what's up over there but i'll hit u up anotha day
come through
it is illegal in nc to display a gun in a way that causes fear; going armed to the terror of the people, a misdemeanor
"police! drop your weapon" "nope, 2a gives me right to fend off tyrannical govt" *cops fire, kill* see the problem?
i want lemonade to be on apple music like yesterday
just buy it
tried to eat healthy, but accidentally spilled my salad all over the floor, so.... now i'm eating chips. awesome....
did you do that on purpose because you really didn't want salad?
i just really want the best for my friends and i want them to be happy and comfortable with who they really are
so it's just sad when i see them not being their true selves and being scared to admit who they truly are
...external gpu disabled, and orange for when the mighty (for when i bought it) nvidia geforce gtx 770m with 3gb gddr5 dedicated video ram.
...is active. it uses an extra 20w to enable the nvidia gpu, but there's no visible switch because the intel gpu outputs the video signals.
chef: today is going to be a great day! i still have a chance with angelina me:
brangelina* tho ?
which kinda sucks but is also something i can deal with. but i've been feeling very alone and the one person i can rely on is my mom.
we do not exchange feelings verbally but care for each other in the ways we know how...
looks like he ran out of money.
quite, meth eats into the budget. or he rushed the planning stage. or he read the 'abcs of getting a tattoo' as far as a.
it's more about making the enhancers themselves reusable, in my view
but until we fix the enhancer design, middleware is too tied to redux's pecularities
sf is 57 and i didn't bring a sweater
i tried to be a good rave mom and tell you to bring a sweater
noooo, feckless are so cute! i wish i had some
i would love to give you mine
carving to get a tattoo
carving????
you out kicked your coverage! happy birthday o-swag!!!
thanks gabe!
over 1.1m cops in the us &amp; under 1,000 instances where a cop shot a suspect. that's less than 1% of cops pulling triggers.
of the 990 people shot by cops last year under 300 of them were black. but you guys have it so fuckin...
most of the alt-right are ex-liberal millennials who got sick of shit like this. try again.
yeah ok, keep dreaming.
is a thug with a history of marijuana use, domestic violence and harassment charges.
she sounded like a power tripper on the dispatch recordings. scared too... she's a murderer.
thought mix tapes don't need sample clearance
when's the last time i did a mixtape?
lmao that was a good day, and thank you
it really was! and you're welcome
you missed an opportunity to use the fax machine emoji
oh my golly
but until we fix the enhancer design, middleware is too tied to redux's pecularities
by which, again, i mean the init behavior
why the fuck would any law abiding, working, self respecting american vote for this pile of dog shit?
the fox news girl today with the luscious lips is abby huntsman, daughter of former utah gov, granddaughter of a billionaire.
dude bioshock is just a cesspool of copyrighted oldies. very youtube unfriendly.
are you stoping the series?
if you feel that jws are a cult, which religion do you feel is one that is the proper &amp; correct one?
none of the above. but there's a definite line between religion and cult. jw too close or over line.
preach got to 157 "amen"s and "praise god"s in his 45 minute sermon tonight
it was actually a really good message
...is active. it uses an extra 20w to enable the nvidia gpu, but there's no visible switch because the intel gpu outputs the video signals.
so it can switch on the fly between intel &amp; nvidia depending on whether the built-in gpu isn't enough. idles at 14w but goes to 40w w/ dgpu.
it's going down guys
yolandi could fit in my pocket
i will! i just need a wasp waist.
i believe elsa lanchester has something that might help. her potions are frequently reliable. i'll check and get back to you.
tonight i had two boys call me their girlfriend
the real kicker here is that i didn't call anyone my boyfriend today so clearly someone is wrong here and it's not me
beautiful friends and bosombuddies
breathtakingly gorgeous women
i wish he would tweet us like he used to :(
i know he used to always answer his fans :(
really? okay, i know this game. try again tomorrow. if they refuse, i'll reach out to at&amp;t. that's not okay.
you have no excuses now, laurence!
i'm at the store. i'm buying crackers. the cashier takes one look at me and says "you're having cheese for dinner tonight aren't you"
i just had this exact convo at my grocery store like 30 mins ago. "so. cheese for dinner?"
i live in charlotte, just a few minutes from where the riots were. here's my take:
i lived in la during the rodney king riots. i will always remember standing outside my door as ashes fell; my heart broke.
it's not my forte either, hence me throwing the question out there.
oh shit what about james bond?!
if you never take your pants off you never have to put them back on
i can't dance in my pants... there's no ballroom
goodnight guys. thanks again for keeping me in your prayers and showing me so much love during my surgery. it really meant a lot to me.
hope it all goes well
lots of unbearable personalities this season, and not enough beautiful people.
never can always be more beautiful people but not mad about jay, figgy or ken. tv writer david is unwatchable.
so it can switch on the fly between intel &amp; nvidia depending on whether the built-in gpu isn't enough. idles at 14w but goes to 40w w/ dgpu.
dgpu = discrete gpu. i'm especially happy on the ubuntu side because the open-source driver finally works better than the closed one.
most of the alt-right are ex-liberal millennials who got sick of shit like this. try again.
and if, this is even true, it means the alt-r is even smaller than the media blows them up to be.
nobody cares y tf u need to post this for. fade me.
no one asked u. so fade 4 not touchin yo nose
he is all salty now
i would be too
stop discriminating and killing based on color and we'll stop obsessing about color.
i don't, any my party (as a whole) doesn't. we are the party of prosperity and liberty and love individualism.
still lookin for mine btw. but i think i got somethin good this time.
*fingers crossed*
best friend is the fucking best i love your ass to the moon and back
love you way morae sexy bitch
any individual who is abusive in any form will loose their privilege of being a jw
again from their own site? you and i have different standards of critical thinking.
my new iphone 7 is super buggy. i just get this screen. it won"t restore :/ apps flash then dissapear
and you were so excited just a few hours ago
day 3: cops and robbers
lol the midget photo
dear eric willis of san antonio: please stop using my email address for everything, bank statements, house payments...
and yes, i've replied to this guy's friends, family, realtor, car dealer, etc, a number of times to let him know he's using the wrong email.
what lmao i'm trying to get free rides
i know you are
dgpu = discrete gpu. i'm especially happy on the ubuntu side because the open-source driver finally works better than the closed one.
not better in the sense of performance (i haven't done many opengl benchmarks on this box on linux), but better because the linux nv driver...
if only we could never learn to hate. it's not born in us.
only adults full of hate teach their children to hate and the cycle continues.
best friend is the fucking best i love your ass to the moon and back
love you way more sexy bitch
most of the alt-right are ex-liberal millennials who got sick of shit like this. try again.
fore, the overwhelming majority of millenials are much more in tune w/minority rights. sou fail
just text me when your free
all right i got you, i miss our drunk nights
what if law enforcement was like the media: commit one crime: sent to jail. commit many crimes: you're such a rascal!
somehow these two tweets should fit next to each other. can't tell how.
freshman vs. senior year
bahaha i love this
ur bio is misleading i don't think ur boring boo ur life is beautiful
u r too kind to 2 bed
wait til next week and ill go get one with ya
aight fasho
has it ever occurred to u that the reason it comes up so much is bc things are actually racist???
yes, but over represented.
not better in the sense of performance (i haven't done many opengl benchmarks on this box on linux), but better because the linux nv driver...
...unlike the "nouveau" open-source one, could only run in intel or dgpu mode, and in typical linux fashion you had to restart the x server...
reviewing resumes for ux designers. one was in comic sans. for a moment, i thought i was being punked. but no, that really happened.
i'd invite him/her for an interview just to ask whyyy?
disgusting y'all come get this child
what the fuck is going on
if you feel some type of way by kendall jenner's photoshoot in a ballerina pose- don't lol. it's a shoot.
tru also she's so beautiful lol
lil inspiration for myself tonight
reminding myself that i worked my ass off in high school to be able to be writing an essay about record label execs at 1am
/me waves at and ... oracle stream analytics sees you :-d
it rocks here.
hope prosecutors can get the justice for that you couldn't/wouldn't for
i wish i could this a million times. been following charlotte news since
rt &amp; follow me to win a pair of tickets to the at on sun. 4 winners picked in 4hrs....
wow! only in nh?
...unlike the "nouveau" open-source one, could only run in intel or dgpu mode, and in typical linux fashion you had to restart the x server...
...after running the linux version of the nv control panel to change modes, to get it to switch. before ubuntu lts 16.04, the nouveau driver...
i really wonder what goes though their minds
can someone tell me why????
i know :( now he barely go's online!
he only goes online when there's something important or to say thanks
sf and hk has the same fare system developer, vix
it has been over 7 years now since the last time i went to hk...so i can't remember exactly besides the plastic tokens.
the victoria's secret angels' baby bump diaries:
too sweet! :)
omg!!! now we know the plan to steal the presidency. not on our watch!!! god is in control do your job!!
obama owns the fbi&amp; so he&amp; are untouchable
let the games begin... it's 33!
respond to my texts you asshole
this disgraceful behavior will continue until everybody boycotts . tank his ratings! watch debates on...
stopped watching msnbc months ago &amp; encourage everyone to join me-dont need debates to recognize fascism-
lol twitter
oh u soul snatching now
hahaha! wow! you're such a charmer steven! thanks guy!
no love, i just keep it 100% w/those who support me :)
happy birthday i love youuuu!
o my god both of them posted lol it said it failed
and still the only white girl i know who knows how to dance!!!
exactly what i was thinking! lol
and yes, i've replied to this guy's friends, family, realtor, car dealer, etc, a number of times to let him know he's using the wrong email.
i mean, this guy has been really busy for two hours tonight.
did he pull out
you'll find out in like 3/4 months
goodnight everyone i am going to bed now so i can wake up in four hours and drive 300 miles
oh jesus lily!
you just said you ran out of eyeliner and was too broke to buy a new one
fuck off connor
what? :&lt;
a blood hound! :d
holy shit, gene luen yang won a macarthur genius grant!
so now dc and marvel have certified geniuses working for them!
i'm not and it's not.
twitter begs to differ:
*nonwhites not included
now you know why i brought up my being a homo. we are included. as are women. all are included.
...after running the linux version of the nv control panel to change modes, to get it to switch. before ubuntu lts 16.04, the nouveau driver...
...was buggy on this laptop (msi gt70-2oc) and would make the whole system unstable. now it works, and auto-switches, like the windows driver.
i need a comprehensive list of all the popular music from 2002-2010. and billboard is like no help at all.
check out wikipedia. i bet if you search for album sales in each year you can get a sense of what people were listening to.
like when you vent to your friends expecting good advice like you would give them but they give you none
even better, when they don't care to reply
no, he was armed, which is why the confrontation with police.
this witness tells a different story.
could i order this from you? mt : understand the weapon, understand the wound.
ho housemans books. let me know if you're about to order from carcanet press!
happy birthday although we been through alot together there's alot love hope it was a good one
girl i love you so much can't wait to see you saturday!! through thick n thin
don king endorses donald trump for president. what a time to be alive.
it looks like don king's about to pop out and say, "only in america!"
apple might have more opportunity in semi than full autonomy. in semi-autonomy you have controls, but with full av there's no ui anymore
which is why this is 's to lose. they excel better than anyone when it comes to faceless tech. no one comes close.
me too!!! there is supposed to be a party on saturday
where? i'm there
you already know my dad did you can come over anytime so you good
snapchat just ain't good enough man i miss you too much
i'm genuinely convinced the world is turning in on itself and going to shit but... positivity and things of that nature
things get better
raise high the roof beam, carpenters (2016)
we are all hyper intelligent. we all have over 300 confirmed kills and have been trained in gorilla warfare. you are nothing to us.
bathroom selfie on point thank you :)
u look grat in every pic u are in
in meeting 's mum tonight, i think i saw my future, and so, now, there's a level higher than goals.
: be able to discuss tax codes on an intelligent level with my offspring's friends, on a rooftop club, and dance better than they do.
what is the point of it all
whoa there nihilist jez
with hpw thingd are turning out so far, i wouldn't be surprised if we see pallet town on fire...
could explain why delia is with ash in sun &amp; moon they decided to move to alola
only way this could be more polarizing is if the choices were "best season possible" or "worst season possible" :-d
you're giving me great inspiration for future polls!
'take me to the restaurant' doesn't need much ui
hanging on to something is asking to be disrupted. apple knows that, no?
ya same what's the carpool sitcho look like?
yea i'm down to go too
the dalai lama, seen here illustrating the basic buddhist belief that life is suffering, pain, and misery.
now, they will never allow you in china piers, just because of this photograph
oracle announces iaas generation2. what is it and can it compete with amazon?
more comp. with softlayer and upstarts like packet, who focus on bare metal perf, fewer middle-layer svcs.
i'm in bed already, i'm waiting on you.
hold on. i'm always waiting on you
my nephew looks so good the cancer is almost completely gone
sweet angel! prayers for him and your family!
can someone tell me why????
but y'all should add me on snap i seriously don't snap anyone anymore hahaha : isedano_25
...was buggy on this laptop (msi gt70-2oc) and would make the whole system unstable. now it works, and auto-switches, like the windows driver.
since i'm working on android code in linux, not playing games, i'll take reduced frame rate for the convenience of not using the nv driver.
only be maddy andrea and i look cute in it
there wouldn't be no pic without me so watch it buddy
how about beatrice or agnes
they already going with flomjohn and mouthmouth, like what.
anyone else notice the shout in ?
i did. that show is woke.
this week we should all compile and share lists of books that ought to be banned.
anything by james martin, sj. heretics within the church should be the first banned from being read
it's a beautiful day for a concert! thanks for bringing our a great show
looked like an incredible nightno doubt it would be
very sorry to hear. i wish your experience was better than what's described. was your flight delayed due to weather? *vi
so you focused on the weather issue instead of addressing your bad customer service? huh?
do you think whitening gum works on toilets
well let's experiment
only be maddy andrea and i look cute in it
there would be no pic without me so watch it buddy
what do you mean by "disconnect family members from critics"?
&amp; sorry your faq doesnt carry much weight here
hit the showers?
love to hit the showers with you (;
u realize he proudly calls himself deplorable but then says he'a not racist right?
i do so, because gave me the title. it's like hitler being disgusted by me.
mysterious paralyzing illness surging across america -
very frightening indeed!
who else got a speeding ticket in salida cause i did
of course you did
since i'm working on android code in linux, not playing games, i'll take reduced frame rate for the convenience of not using the nv driver.
the nv closed-source drivers rank up with adobe flash in terms of "most crashes per machine-hour" or whatever metric you want to use.
6) that south carolina search ended with me and my buddies taking a picture with the cops who never found the joint in the sunglasses case
these people aren't the 'cops' of yore. they're cowardly not-so-smart people who let fear &amp; stupidity enable taking life.
summer has ended. it was great despite not being able to go to the beach at all.
really excited for fall! i love how the leaves change colors. also, it means winter is coming!
only if you want to end up with a bunch of new unstable people telling you how aroused they are
i'm pretty satisfied with the old unstable people telling me that, but i should probably branch out.
happy birthday fam!!! hope you had a great one! you deserve it
thanks luch!
you don't need much ui to say 'take me home'
uber can do that. an iosauto is door to universe of mobile ar/vr. what is apple tv but channel curation?
after nearly a year we are going to launch at next week!
great! good luck!
lowering nyc fashion curve in this heat. jeggings every day for 2 weeks
wore my love birds t shirt this weekend in long island.
horrified? in the age of trump it's expected. it will be worse if he actually wins
well i'm new to twitter and i am shocked all the time about what a hateful place it is. i guess i'm naive about the vitriol.
white folks yelling abt revolution with bernie, your asses better not be silent now. this is what revolution looks like
what started this revolution? an armed african american criminally possessing a firearm? do they even know the full story?
no it isn't "violent unrest" it is a bunch of criminals destroying a city.
yup. criminals with an excuse!
anthony hernandez was born in la in a mexican family from chihuahua and guanajuato. an icon in the californ...
thanks for this. look forward to it. (and btw likewise, my father born in tx to a family from guanajuato.)
which shirt should i wear to play basketball tonight?
tupac fo sho..
'take me to the restaurant' doesn't need much ui
unless you had a variety of scenic route options for sightseeing along the way! :0p
most of the alt-right are ex-liberal millennials who got sick of shit like this. try again.
"... they are more likely than older generations to say they support an activist government." gop
thinking about this again. want to title my memoir, "good luck, dave mustaine - megadeth"
excellent use of 140 characters.
the nv closed-source drivers rank up with adobe flash in terms of "most crashes per machine-hour" or whatever metric you want to use.
now you see why i'm glad the power led changes color, so i know the driver is working to put it in the right mode. on win10, it sometimes...
well at least it's not torture tonight. we're just getting crushed
true, but getting crushed is also a form of torture
you sound like a pussy rn
bc g i have to pay child support for you (; since your my son and i dipped
obama describes the muslim immigrants as "women &amp; children" red cross:72% are men of fighting age. typical oboomer..
&amp; 's who have iphones etc.. they'reradical islamist sewerrat invaders&amp;spread like a plague
i would love for that to be the case.
it will be, trust me, there is no choice...
thank you!!
fasho always announce talent
can you please put out of her misery and release an early october surprise?
surprise! even with a drop in nat'l poll numbers, larry sabato predicts this for nov. 8th ...
i had a dinner meeting that was ambiguously potentially a date but it turned into diversity 101 sesh for white male tech founder
please send him a bill.
to write my essay or watch the new episode of ahs?
ahs hoe. it's only an hour that you'd probably use to procrastinate anyways
. : god bless our police. they are under assault.
i think you meant we're under assault from the police! the protest was peaceful until riot cops attacked
happy birthday love i hope you had a wonderful day you deserve it
thank you bbgirl! you're the best
totally gloria! you know us girl! we are researching a part too! ya, that's right, hmmm mmm, nothing to see here...
my birthday is on halloween. maybe there is a part for me too?
perot got 18% against clinton and bush. johnson is running againt the 2 most hate ppl on earth.
but ross perot got kiss ass treatment from the media and had way more money than gary johnson
looking for a web designer/developer in please send resume to rmistry.com
if you're considering agency, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
how are you?
like a roller coaster. life is up and down. sorry for the clich.
most of the people in our inner cities are decent &amp; trapped by their circumstances. they deserve safety in their co...
not fair for innocents of any color to be threatened by these criminals!
14.5 million americans have concealed carry permits. that is 6 plus percent of the adult (voting) population. hillary hates them. not smart
if liberals were right about gun owners, wouldn't there be about a million murders every day?
now you see why i'm glad the power led changes color, so i know the driver is working to put it in the right mode. on win10, it sometimes...
...gets in a state (on ) where the led turned orange and never switched into idle (&amp; power usage stayed at 40w instead of 19w).
if *i* wanted to know more about you would a (hypothetical) disgruntled ex-partner give most objective pic?
i have no idea what this means.
witnesses are unreliable and often biased. the fact is, he was armed.
believe your truth and i'll believe mine. god bless you.
today i had to call someone on the phone. for work. and talk to them synchronously for many minutes. i didn't sign up for this
barbaric. do they not know what year this is?
just released!!
i just bought strawberries n cream!! so excited
summed up the perfect bad friend
i need new friends lmfao
jay is adorable kingdomaudience
i love tucker, would marry jay
a special celebrating 40k followers all time fave nick taking aim actor. model. muse....
please follow this twitter thread to my previous tweet! geez it's annoying i can't tag you guys on pics!
the party platform is distinctly against the interests of all grps named. try harder to be better.
learn more about gop party, and learn of the regressive policies pushed by your party.
gonna need salsa for the chips
i have that too
yes! i haven't gone into low power mode yet!
i haven't run out of battery once!
rioters literally tried to throw an unconscious photographer into a burning trashcan and 'hate speech' is the issue.
yes taylor. i am capable of having multiple emotions about multiple horrors and be rational at the same time
soooo you just gon post and not tag or @ me huh?
lmaoooo dog i ain't even know your twitter
well at least it's not torture tonight. we're just getting crushed
especially because mets and cards both lost
have killed more americans so far this week than isis.
blm is a terrorist organization! just domestic not foreign!
well, twitter, it happened. after one year and change, i will be re-joining the working world on monday. goodbye, sweet home-all-day weekday
drunk history? are you fucking kidding me with this
which "line" are you referring to: ?
there are several lists of markers that makes a cult. many checkboxes in your sad life choice.
stop distracting me i'm suppose to be sleeping lol
alright alright lol even tho you're probably not going to sleep lol
for all your pictures and stories. up to the next trip!
lovely to have my virtual touring friend aboard watching over me. cheers helma.
...gets in a state (on ) where the led turned orange and never switched into idle (&amp; power usage stayed at 40w instead of 19w).
long story short, *unless* you have an expensive quadro graphics card or a mac, if you're using nvidia on windows in this dual-gpu config,...
am i not allowed to appreciate my friend?????
you're allowed to, but you're devon, you seldom show appreciation
bummed about the middleton injury. love watching him play.
that's weird. how is watching him play right now?
whatever you say deplorable rick... just don't way you're not racist...
call me what you want. i'm self aware and secure to know better.
how can anyone stand to listen to this guy?
is awful. he and trump belong together. he is definitely racist. is he even a real journalist?
and just like that, my daughter, who will be 18 before election day, is registered to vote.
congrats! it made me happy that my son registered when he turned 18. it was a weird feeling the first time he got jury duty!
"so how are things different in your strange alternate universe?" "well, for one our version of the show is called 'crime, he typed'"
"that is pretty weird" "most of the differences are tv based, like the purge &amp; columbo are the same show here"
ba fungul mulberry street is the cats tits fugettabout it
i was about to ask you, if you have been to century21 department stores
came home and my dad hooked it up with some of his old cloths fresh af
where are the cloths?
long story short, *unless* you have an expensive quadro graphics card or a mac, if you're using nvidia on windows in this dual-gpu config,...
...install the geforce experience app (just download it from the website instead of trying to update the stock version of the graphics driver)
the last 2 seasons have just been dreadful
indeed ((shakes head))
happy birthday qt!! hope your day was as special and amazing as you are. miss you lots
aw thanks!! miss you too girly!! :)
nc officer in shooting is black,suspect was armed. this isn't about black lives its all cop hate.blm should be arre...
sad &amp; yes accountability on inciting that's criminal activity for sure-no doubt &amp; effects us all w/no good coming out
im the same way with conspiracy documentaries smh
yours is a bit more understandable
listen friends, every time there is a "protest" or "riot" by black people, that gives most whites to say "look! see how they act!" jus sayin
i'm just being real. but you know that's how it is.
drunk history? are you fucking kidding me with this
truth is, i'm kidding; i'm excited for you &amp; know you'll be great. congrats gurlll
nba commish david stern calls himself "the intern" now he's investing in startups. his new bet is on virtual reality
can you introduce me to david stern?
democrats used to don white hoods and burn down black communities. now democrats use their media and lies to the exact same effect.
yup! now they blame trump and conservatives!
...oh nevermind.
horrible air brushing
nah -- you got it wrong. he was just trapped by a right-wing zeitgeist into trying to cope with what bush/cheney started
that is absolutely true on some level. my point is i have no patience for americans moralizing about bid bad russia when...
that's your phone
if no opp 4 apple at l4/5, what is opp at 3? evolution of carplay? seems so limited a path for company with 4xxb to spend
i'm not too happy about the way things have been going either but this right here is just sick, we have to do bette...
disgusting. this is no protest.
. huge hurdle for almost every bettor to overcome..most never do..always adding -ev to their betting schemes so as "not to miss"
tremendous, reinforced some thoughts, and opened my mind to other ways of betting. steelers win and cover
...install the geforce experience app (just download it from the website instead of trying to update the stock version of the graphics driver)
...and then if it gets stuck like i described, go to the driver panel and do an express installation of the latest driver.
long day of firefighting. time to watch wwe highlight reels with mancub.
old or new? who does mancub root for? favorite wrestlers tell much about a child.
i love like it makes me so hapy when people say i remind them of chance
hey did u know u remind me of chance the rapper
didn't they tell you that i was a savage
love your bra/panties they look comfortable
there was a little brawl at the octagon parking lot just 15 minutes ago
thought you were in my neck of the woods for .5 seconds of reading this aha.
rocks!!!!!!!!!
just take good care of him!! don't hurt him 2badly, he's too pretty!!and i don't have a backup crush
its 1am and i'm eating biscuits and mashed potatoes
i'm eating a mini bagel and tostitos
if you're serious about the issues, you throw a home made pie. store bought is for amateurs.
at a farm-to-table event that thing better have been gluten free and non-gmo
. trump caused all this and he's not even president yet. his power levels are rising!
his disgustingness is wat u tools hav latched onto. in nyc weve known him to be scumbag 4 decades.
alright. let me think on it some more then.
okay (i'm an anthro major thats supposed to graduate but never figured out a minor)
just got home and now starting to edit photos for tomorrow's blog post. nope, haven't even written it yet. dear bed, see you never.
you're doing it! good luck
there has never been a person who wants to tell you about his 140 iq who did not cast doubt on the whole iq concept
i read that thread and saw people arguing about how sat scores were better, and i was very tempted to post my 420 math - 69 verbal
can i come and bring bray ?
who tf is bray?
what's a phone with out the earphone jack?
what's a peanut butter sandwich w/o the pb
true maybe i should have her food and water bowl installed into the end of my bed she will be all set
been wanting to do something similar but for myself
thx for with us this week. loved all the thoughts &amp; questions here on twitter! see you nxt week as we begin to wr...
- it was our greatest pleasure to have met u. the world is urs. continue ur journey and keep up the great work! - anna n dee
you're saying he has no right to.... what? have neither of you seen a "peaceful" protest turn violent?
ever notice who's in riot gear &amp; who fires teargas &amp; sounds cannons. police get the riots going
struggling to distinguish myself as an advisor and not a student.
story of my life lol
you're just salty the little rascals are cuter than you
u wuda thought
did you read this: says essentially same as wiki article you linked to :)
i'm not going to read your church's pr material. i will oppose and warn people about your religion tho
congrats (+ thanks!) to friend/colleague tom goldstein (in a suit!) for making this happen here! sth like 1250 core...
does that mean all your future models will have gazillion params?
sent ali a snap of me spinning around naked in my room and she goes "that was scary, halloween like"
i meant no offense
consistency turns me on!
----what consistency turn u on ,
millennials at the millennial fair
omg this is my favorite thing i've ever seen
does that mean all your future models will have gazillion params?
and congrats :)
what kind of pie?
sacratamotoe
you weren't a priest at one point, were you?
yes, call me father.
drew magary toss out some brilliant lines in
i gotta meet the 5% of people who saw hillary come down with pneumonia and were like, "forget her, gimme the dictator with dryer lint hair."
...and then if it gets stuck like i described, go to the driver panel and do an express installation of the latest driver.
there might be a "..." menu with "reinstall driver..." if you're reinstalling, like i just had to do. but it does fix the dual-gpu integration.
short flights are always so weird. i'm used to the 6 hour coast-to-cost flight. this is only 1h30?? what madness it this!
i love by boston to philly jaunts for exactly that reason. "wow i'm already here?"
i read that thread and saw people arguing about how sat scores were better, and i was very tempted to post my 420 math - 69 verbal
if you think you're impressed by those scores now, you should also know i got them while i was hung-over and already in college at 13
i was an "intersectional" "anti-racist" leftist two years ago. the tide is turning fast.
yeah right, you could never think like a liberal. you are a dyed in the wool, pos pussy 88er.
i should be sleeping rn but instead, like the last five years of my life, i'm procrastinating &amp; watching criminal minds
wow i rlly have been watching criminal minds since i was 13 i hope it never ends bc it's the best show ever &amp; i'm extremely attached oh no
yesterday i got into an elevator with a bunch of people and somebody asked "are you chelsea from twitter" and i've never wanted to die more
moral: if you ever see me in public, please say hi to me (so long as it's not on an elevator) but know i might joke about it on twitter
what? i don't see any.
kitties i meant
wish i had some milk tea atm
got my milk tea
clearly kellyanne has made a huge difference to his outreach to the black community. now at 3% nuts!
trump is trying to court the white supremacy, alt-right, racist, kkk vs afam. he's really not interested in afam
...if i went searching for (possible) disgruntled ex-partner(s) of yours and ask she/he/them?
that will be fruitless and potentially perilous.
what do you mean
theres a bar near me out in the sticks called the octagon lol.
didn't he &amp; kellyanne say just last week that she doesn't even have one even though it's been on her website for ov...
well yes, yes he / kelly said exactly that!! i laughed so hard!! trump: sitcom teevee, with antennae &amp; couch.
wish i had some milk tea atm
got my milk tea (:
nah i thought it was more like "okay whatever i don't care to deny that because it's a waste of time and you're lying"
that would've made more sense lol
. trump caused all this and he's not even president yet. his power levels are rising!
trump will go down to worst defeat in american history. no more than 100 electoral votes.
drew magary toss out some brilliant lines in
my reasons for hating trump are better than your reasons for hating hillary.
1. montgomery bus boycott lead to desegregate busses. 2. won a nobel peace prize, something not coming blm way
great victories but discrimination remains. time for something different, more ecstatic
...remember your abc's... always be cargo
are you fedex, spacex, or an envelope with a %#!&amp;/! forever stamp on it?
my it department will reply you shortly.
ok thanks. we look forward to receive your requirements for further proceeding.
that's about as far as i can get in a-painter with the cube brush, before my rig starts choking.
thanks, will look into it. i think the controller raycaster might be intersection testing every cube...
obama today: "in order to realize the promise of the un, the us must give up freedoms" unbelievable.
he plans2take ourfreedom w premeditated that will bring anciv...
i'm glad he helped the kings stay but kj should just go away now and forever.
cmon, who throws pies these days?
to everyone who is lucky enough to become friends with these people in college, i hope they bring you as much happi...
you're so cuteeeee
that is absolutely true on some level. my point is i have no patience for americans moralizing about bid bad russia when...
theyre complacent or ignorant of the litany of conflicts the us starts. and v few users properly understand rs recent conflicts
no people. nike did not sign any deal with kitione taliga. none!! sega!!
i know i actually believed it until i saw the spelling of "telegraph" on that website's domain, cegu vadua i kiya
miss you two
miss you bri come drink wine and do fun things in california with us sometime why dontcha!!!
who thought this was a good idea literally
what kind of dystopian white nonsense is this
which of these definitions is it you feel jws are: ?
another cult like behavior is being programmed to respond robotically like this.
i'm sorry i don't take criticism from drug dealers. "your failures are 100% your own" though
you're sounding more and more like garbage trump political add, making up random shit. mikey eats babies too i bet
idk it wasn't weird at the time we used to have a group of friends who faithfully sat together all year lol
wrrd we had a wavy little gang
thanks, it got solved!
ok. thanks for your reply.
at least the cop dies a hero instead of the thug dying a hero.
racist much? since you can't say the n-word is a thug
i've sed my piece there, i think the thread is eol now
kill it with fire. bash its head in. sudo chop.
funny you mention that cuz i was a registered democrat until i realized what they were doing to detroit
oh right dems acting as republican governor. good one.
reminder: california law permits you to discuss your compensation, with any one, at any time
also, federal law fully protects your ability to discuss compensation with anyone in your workplace at any time.
what's wrong ?
my grandpa passed
so you gon sit here and tell me women don't know niggas character beforehand and try to change it ? lol aight
so you gon tell me that niggas don't put on a show? okayyyy lol
i gotta meet the 5% of people who saw hillary come down with pneumonia and were like, "forget her, gimme the dictator with dryer lint hair."
trump...is the worst of america stuffed into a nacho cheese casing
looking for a great web designer!
we have good experience in website design/development. our portfolio: email: leads.com
fair is gonna bring people i don't wanna see
or cool people
wow..sleeping and texting while driving
he's such a good example
damn, wish i was show tonight in la
fuck dude i feel you! with masego and andre power too ?????
because of the heat? dx
no because laying down away from people.
it will never go off, and you can blame it on the liberals for creating them
i think the khan dynasty is more culpable.
anyway, don't feel like arguing this - intelligent ppl like you shouldn't be making args like this. watch our 4 whirlpools...
trust me when i say i'm not naive about russian politics, its very ugly. but the way its become the bogeyman recently is nuts
yeah just blame whites for the rioting, destroyed property and a killed civilian. violence doesn't solve anything.
did i blame whites for that? no. i blamed them for being white racists haters on twitter. keep to the facts.
twitter is absurd. the phrase, "what is going on", literally describes what's going on in my head when i read my time line
i say it in my head at least 65 times a day. anywho chances you slide soon?
oh well the parking lot is across the street from a bar lol
definitely not here cause that's a small cornfield ahaha.
i read a tweet that mentioned an apple store employee cautioning users to not install until new update is out.
here's thing tho. i haven't even downloaded 10. haven't done anything yet. just tried to restore data. apps flash then gone
yes. if i had a nickel for every time someone suggested acupuncture...
yep.saw acupuncturist for knee,free massage butterflied me like a chicken,upper back pain ever since!
pocky's too mainstream now, huh
i knew i was missing something. caramel corn was an impulse buy - the checkout line was in the snack aisle. i'm weak, take my $
lmfaooo yes jay yes i'll do one for her and one for me
hahaha send pics of the prototype so i can get ideas
i can't catch a break can i
try the zoo
also, federal law fully protects your ability to discuss compensation with anyone in your workplace at any time.
also, massachusets now prohibits employers from requiring salary history in interview processes:
in the 1930's there were nazi rallies in madison square garden.
the ushers there are awful though
i can't do that. he's gonna be staring at me all night
odds bray looks at ave in under 30 seconds
the man the myth the legend
some say he's still following capital cities around on tour, dancing to this day
hillary gave the title to the racists, sexists, homophobes, xenophobes, etc.
she said it why, cause i won't vote for her? and then said the other half "feels" not "are".
but did u get the recipe tho
....it's a possibility.. i regret nothing
that literally never happened
and should wouldn't stop asking for nudes
shows segment on the recent murder of african american men by cops
immediately after, but here's a cop helping out an african american! racism is over y'all
the man the myth the legend
also wow you saved this snapchat amazing
i'm horrified that people are more horrified at words on twitter than rioting and destruction in
i'm horrified at the sentiment of hate expressed in those words douchebag.
. he's gonna be president &amp; nothing ya can do about it you better pack your fuc...
you better pack your lunch, because ur food will be shit.
imma hit you with the
that's a good question
license to loot: stop calling this a protest. stop pandering to criminals in masks. stop endangering innocent ppl, biz.
: lock them up with hillary.
look at that face. crazy cute!
such big head
i thought you were in favor of critical thinking:
i don't ask a cult if they are a cult. your stupid faq is not an objective source, you brainwashed tool
my first video. these are the facts. trump is the clear choice. islam is a barbaric ideology....
we need more passionate mindset principals like yours congrats our republic the usa is our
remember ted cruz? he just burned obama's un speech to a crisp
love what he had to say! every word is true!
oh yeah, he's gonna go out to a riot to try and what, talk sense into them?
and he's not gonna @ prominent members of the blm movement either. my point is still valid. he whines like a bitch.
the ushers there are awful though
should pick a different venue next time
okay, i'm actually excited to go back to school now lol
thinking about parking is making me not so excited
the calcium filled chewable vitamins are never as tasty as the extra vitamin c ones that don't contain that much calcium.
they all taste like sugar to me :( but at least i can have grownup vitamins now that aren't a struggle
oh, and the gop is dead. and good riddance. neocons are useless.
if gop is dead then you are dead. good luck with that.
i know, your ass used to b crazy af
yeah nothing's changed since high school
charlotte mayor should have had national guard on call-up &amp; standby like i did in milwaukee after the first night of rioting. kick ass early
i like your hat. bad ass.
bet you didn't lube your cock with it
that'dbe weird as fuck ... lmao you're buying groceries and the checker whips his cock out and sticks in your chunky rag
"i am for america...america first. together, we will rebuild this country beyond our greatest dreams." -
yes yes amen-may it be so!
okay but tell me how i am afraid to go to sleep bc i'm afraid to miss another one of anths bc's:-)
the reason i haven't went to sleep yet
noise machines and ear plugs should be provided when you arrive at any of the bridge or tunnel crossings for first time.
haha! first time this has happened in 6 years of living in this apt and now i'm legitimately intrigued by it tbh
blm wants justice for those killed &amp; better training for police, so the end goal is beneficial to all demographics
yes, but it's taking too long. i support a change in tactics now. more militancy
evidence. a witness statement is meaningless if the evidence shows they were wrong
i am done.. cops plant guns just as they did in a st. louis killing a few years back. just surfaced.
keep my name out your mouth
who do i have to fuck up
iphone 7 comes with ios10.
ohhh. hmm. wonder what it's trying to update to?
when you call out the wrong answer in class
screeeaming!!!!
potentially, i need a way there and a free weekend and i'm there. you know you know
tell coach brown i'll pay for your freedom
"small companies should find a reporter that understands them and can write a record piece."
in response to a great question !
does your "critical thinking" include censorship of certain information?
i'm getting bored with you but i'll play along. i do not believe in censorship.
have a grand time, but i quit that joint a little while ago
dammit! do you have a new joint?
black men are 18.5 times more likely to shoot police than vice versa. should they riot every day of the year?
totally false. how dare you smear occam's name with such a douchebag hate!!!
oh, and the gop is dead. and good riddance. neocons are useless.
how is putin?
i am merely asking for some substation to your accusations?
i have sent you links already.
you're judging me, my skin, but you are accusing me of judging bc i'm voting for america 1st. there's an issue with logic here.
i have issue with anyone voting for trump his words are hateful and his actions over the years prove that
don't lie when it comes to children man
nope kids are the devil
black man shot by black thug dies day after black cop shoots black thug for threatening officers, but...
how does this make sense to any thinking reasonable person???
black thug attacks old white man at
goes 2 show what kind of pathetic cowards these guys are! same as the isis cowards. pick on the weak. the days r evil.
im streaming now
sorry not streaming, its making me lag for some reason
. like ridic false advertising... the can exactly the same even around top. i don't know how long it's been like this!
just came across this: looks like about 4 months back both cans were on the shelves at the same time
i'm pretty sure this gpu is too old to support dx12. i paid the shareware fee for the latest 3dmark &amp; the advanced...
honestly, what impresses me the most is that intel &amp; nvidia (or intel &amp; amd) have to mesh their opengl support together.
who i gotta snuff lmao
you gotta snuff me , wassup
nope, i was a hardcore leftist, raised by leftists. even my grandparents are anti-racist, pro-gay left.
yeah sure. no one believes you hitler-wannabe
damn i thought i was 1st :'( anyway how do we share and discover 3rd party brushes now? :d
oops, i guess you were technically first! i guess it take prs to the repo. not really any plans to load externally from within vr.
who's your favorite character so far?
i like caine but i think some of the shit he does is dumb as shit.
accused serial rapist, former basketball player &amp; sacramento mayor hit with pie responds by beating pie thrower to...
that guy is a real piece of work
thank you. i have had a good feeling about you since our communications began.
my pleasure....
hey natahasa, i sent you an email via the beauty therapy project
hi hun, i'll have a look and get back to you today. thank you
this time, a app will be a reality! very close! stay tuned! thanks for being patient!
really looking forward to that!
but ima tell her for tomorrow
okay let me know!
trump does not hate our govt. he actually wants to be a part of it. he seriously dislikes the current admin. so do i.
you could have fooled me. just heard him call the military the gang who couldn't shoot straight. he only makes false promises.
"i am for america...america first. together, we will rebuild this country beyond our greatest dreams." -
yes yes amen may it be so! forward forward w/open minds for, "solutions"
we have all been dignified with free will to make such choices
not necessarily. yes people are free to make all kinds of horrible decisions.
this is absolutely true. don't listen to msm! soros poured $33m into blm to divide us for his financial gain!
soros is a criminal!
haha thanks man. i figured a vet would, the advantage they have compared to the newbies is ridiculous
works for me i knew the minute he chose nicole it would cost him the game paul should of thought strategic instead of hate
i might have to partake in this myself
i'm off tomorrow around 7, wassup then
latest national poll has clinton leading trump by 6 points | ap photo
still the latinos and the black votes that will make the difference, miss ava braun
only far leftists accuse me of lying. you can't handle that we're not "dying out" and you will lose.
haha, you will be trounced to the point that you are forced to go back deeper into ur hiddeeholes
lol! i am a lazy piece of shit in the kitchen, james. i just don't see the sense in cooking for one. one day, i will get over it
totally follow; b perfect companion/muse, but if single, anywhere, i rarely treated self to good meal, but was still important
first his movement achieved nothing, now they are great victories? blm will never achieve a sliver of these
i acknowledge they were battle victories but war has not ended. change in tactics is now in order
so why would it be any more fruitful to follow that logic when learning about jws?
i have no idea what you're talking about
how i'm finna be on you
what is you talking about ?
i'm looking for a master wordpress developer... msg me!
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
honestly, what impresses me the most is that intel &amp; nvidia (or intel &amp; amd) have to mesh their opengl support together.
i'm assuming there's a passthrough filter dx driver that tells apps it supports all the extensions the more advanced gpu does.
smell the racial healing. it smells like burning tires.
what a disgrace!
i'm so sick of eating soup.
could yogurt work?
you think day 40 is a good time to cash in, or should i try out maxwells door, i found the ring, box and crank thing.
if you die in maxwells place it just brings you back outside the door so it's worth a shot
have you personally ever visited a jw meeting or studied what the bible actually teaches?
no and yes and i will not be attending
android support coming folks:
super cool. will it run on phone gpus?
her wig crooked lmao
i knew i wasn't trippin
bet it up then.. you delete your shitty account if he wins, i delete mine if he loses
i wud never trust you to do anything you say you are going to do, so no.
i won't be working but i'll be there
also that's pretty cool that you work there! how is it?
you need to listen to by so we can discuss it on friday at
i'm still mad i won't be there
i'm assuming there's a passthrough filter dx driver that tells apps it supports all the extensions the more advanced gpu does.
i'm quite satisfied with the solution because even with ubuntu unity desktop, you want a fast integrated gpu for compositing.
i figured i'd see you at the event coming up... ahhhh too crowded.. i tried looking for you as well
aww all good! i'll see you oct 3!
big bday for my boys! double digits whoop whoop!
we should have been at this party
most americans as mexicans are a big mix of all kinds of races and ethnicities.as long as people integrate as americans it's good
i don't need a history lesson in the races i'm trying to ? anyone seeing trump as good for america!
carlo is one of the most suspect guys i know
i agree w this, you hella suspect brih
id still use it for my pasta fuck you mean
lmao but every time i see chunky ragu i think of ya
police unionthat just endorsed trump knocks trump for suggesting tulsa officer choked
and i hate so much to say this, but in this case, it should be pointed out that trump was on the side of the man who was shot, not the cops.
political parties can be reformed. we do it all the time in my country, and americans should try it.
ahhh so you are not even fucking american. go away neophyte.
this is my life everyday
ok if you take l's what do i take smh fuck you emily
literally im off twitter for 3 hours to do hw and i come back to 5 million fire tweet from , like i cant even keep up with this girl
you are a dream and i love you
ask all those victims they have helped and aided
as individuals officers certainly deserve respect for their actions.
i'm not sure if we can bring hildago... we have a no first baseman policy
ave and bray are 1st basemen too
what is wrong with asking a question? is there some reason you're afraid to answer the question?
you have scored nothing. i'm afraid of nothing. i am getting bored with you however. what question ?
is this helpful?
i'll pass that along. thanks!
how tf am i supposed to clean a tattoo on my back. this is rediculous
ridiculous *
oh wait? you bought it already? when? rt :
i got it on monday after work.
he plans2take ourfreedom w premeditated that will bring anciv...
start building bunkers w survivors food etc &amp; safety4pets too. h&amp;o=deadly2
and i hate so much to say this, but in this case, it should be pointed out that trump was on the side of the man who was shot, not the cops.
i just said something almost nice about trump so i have to go shoot myself now bye
half-asleep... what could go wrong? www/twitch.tv/tangtang69
i mean possibly die in lane xd you're silly
bae you are freaking beautiful
thank you baby
big ups to you bro inspire to be a dad like you and enjoy like you do you can see that shit that's lit
yee one of the many reasons i've always fucked with you bru
thank god i'm not the only one. even for a-lines? like squeezing the bag to make sure no air before priming tubing
nope. not even for a-lines. and my a-lines are always properly primed without air in the tubing.
do you agree that pure brains are exposed to a lot of filth and evil in this world we live in?
that's nonsense. that's religious bullshit right there. there is no pure brain.
ideally...we just didn't want a pure java solution for the ndarrays. phone gpus will be a target.
tensorflow runs on android but sucks because of no gpu support. partly android hardware fragmentation to blame
burning a white man alive is not something to be used in politics. the protesters behaved like savages.
is burning or killing black men something to be used in politics?
i am soon headed to my email to write my apology to her.
i can sense your enthusiasm and sincerity. it seems you are already being assisted by a devine source
what is you talking about ?
look at the video duh some gold teeth
if there was another month in the season gary sanchez would break the single season home run record
the roids will do that to ya
lol @ the people going to flume thinking it's a rave
ppl out here thinkin that??? lmfaooo oh lord
aww thank you so much sweetie. how are you:) hope all is well. you know im here anytime and that was very sweet of you to say
you're welcome i'm doing good thanks i'm always here also need to chat
that gotham show is still on the air and now jim gordon is a bounty hunter. also here is killer croc.
here is bane
reminder my cuteness from yesterday
super cute! a v slytherin look
catch up!!!
i might finish tonight..
don't need negativity anymore, i'm done.. time to just ignore it all and be the bigger person
stay strong love
i went to the game, even took my pup...no pup should've been subjected to that. call animal protection on me. :(
look at us...we were so happy before anthony fuckin recker.
tensorflow runs on android but sucks because of no gpu support. partly android hardware fragmentation to blame
but super excited about the ios+mps combo
that's a you problem just go to the bathroom or something smh
when jake gets ignored....
oh yes, because blm is known to listen to reason. @ them wont do shit
that's quite the assumption. i assume you've tried then?
toolbar icons by :
thanks for the shout out, fellow palo altoan! ;)
this person wants 2 use chicago's obviously bad problems as a reason to not object to ppl wrongly being murdered by...
conservatives always care about chi violence whenever there are state-sanctioned police murders. any other day? 0 shits.
if she got her tongue pierced.
as a person with it, this is true. i'm easy
how is this not true? the gop is totally cool with trans being fired, refused, etc for being trans.
gop cool w/ not having unnecessary, laws. there's no law that directly stating employers are allowed 2 fire trans
i know it's breitfart but it's really the only article that accurately details their ascent.
please don't post breitbart manure on my feed. i'm begging you.
so i've had these crazy white neighbors, lowkey racist, for over 4 years, i've kept my distance until today, i got triggered lol
these fools have a big ass donald trump flag on their window wher everyone can see it, i think i'm gonna put up something
trinity is our partying till 3 am tonight! 25 ! full...
i will have to think about my next visit. i have been coming for 10 years and was very disappointed this past weekend.
limiting the volunteer's rights, but not trump's rights. that's how.
the wording is basically, "without limiting options we can submit to binding arbitration" which by definition is binding!
me amanda just had a really good laugh over a video of my sister rapping on youtube 5 years ago
bro
kid haters cannot be trusted
or can they?
with the starlight?
oh hell yeah, that's the only way to get it
let me know when you're here. buy you lunch!
awh! that would be insanely kind! i can't wait to see you!!! :d
each day le officers head out knowing this cld be the day they face a no-win scenario. still they go all in.
total respect and admiration!
love it! have you ever shared a sunday funday with us??
can't say i haven't but i would love to review you guys some time!
my phone just did the same damn thing
i thought it was because of the update. it messed my phone up so bad
. voting against white ethnic interests is a vote for devolution to third world living standards and cultural practices.
the kool-aid is strong with this one.
guess who's going to magic mike in a year an a half
just because it's a year and a half away doesn't make me any less excited
hmmmmm maybe 3rd wheel found out something or drugs. my vote is still nervous breakdown
there's no conversation happening which is why i'm also leaning towards a breakdown as opposed to a legit fight
the fact that i'm still crying about it says a lot. i'm not even sad. she's just left such an intense and incredible impact on me &amp; my life.
i mean i am sad but only when i'm really thinking about it. also these are intensely personal and i will probably delete them
it's not torture! we just don't want you to die
a life without blue bell is no life at all!
what happened to ? and where do we go from here? access my piece in here:...
this your phd or just a snippet?
thank god i'm not the only one. even for a-lines? like squeezing the bag to make sure no air before priming tubing
not to mention, there needs to be air in the drip chambers. this sounds stupid to me. no offense to whoever taught this 2 u
oh wait? you bought it already? when? rt :
i wish i looked that tan in real life
yes!! do it! if you are already registered to vote in utah then you just need an absentee ballot!
okay i need an absentee ballot then
vin scully felt sorry for the giants as an 8-year-old. you think he feels bad for them at age 88? game story:
some sad truths here.
father d-bag, the cowardly troll from l.a. has a nice ring to it.
you are such a good writer... finish your novel...
and the alt-right is a global movement. maybe you should try actually paying attention.
yeah i blame the greatest generation who did not kill enough fascists in the 40's u r the spawn
:( can you just pastebin me the incident review/postmortem the please. i love when shot breaks
wanted: faces of death for web infra
could clinch nl west as soon as saturday. hollywood ending: clinch sunday, so vin scully calls it in his final home game.
. the v man isn't going to call the post-season?
i copped it as soon as i saw it... shouts to
check out 1 of the shirts we made 4 the fam!!
my phone died.
it's cool i started talking to the hobo outside my window about the project
i played with jeff earlier that night. how'd it go?
jeff jenkins killed it &amp; mark diamond was stellar. tom tilton sat in swung nice. we had a great crowd!
the chicken is cold. but cash back is always hot. terms apply. the card.
this is what it looks like when i cook!
i mean i am sad but only when i'm really thinking about it. also these are intensely personal and i will probably delete them
a really special love. pure. i know it.
im a soul boy im a dole boy
i may not have a job but i have a good time with the boys i meet down on the line
lol i'm sorry i had to show you thoo
way to rip my heart out of my chest. jesus christ.
my phone died.
he's like that's cool and all man but i ask you for a dollar
i think it's t-mobile cause like my phone did the same thing. &amp; i haven't updated mine
don't! it makes your phone soooo slow. and now when i got to turn it off and on, it'll turn my screen blue
yea thought that shit is so upsetting
it's ok maybe next time
it's kinda lit at this 24 hr starbucks lmao we're all helping each other study
where!? we need those in san mateo
wiki says more or less the same as says. :)
then you are really fucked my friend because i oppose shunning of family members and loved ones.
anything is possible if you hate yourself enough!
oney in 2 weeks
posting "muh refugee child" like i give a fuck.
there ya go, perfect response, you do not care about humanity. great job...
the extra calcium ones always taste like chalk to me even through all the sugar. yay bones?
i have three kinds so at least i can follow those with a different flavor sugar. not gotten used to candy for breakfast tho
haven't listened to obama in 8 yrs when hear i his voice just say fucku fucku fucku until i turn tv/radio off
kind of a lot of bs &amp; bush sr endorsing killary is time for us all to wake up get ready for wise important actions!
i mean i am sad but only when i'm really thinking about it. also these are intensely personal and i will probably delete them
a really special love. pure. i know that feeling.
anyone would be lucky to have you on their team! you were so helpful to many of us and you're an amazing programmer!
you are so amazing as well! your bubbly personality is so refreshing and you're going to be a bad ass programmer on a great team!
(the cultural artefact that proves we are doomed as a species &amp; good riddance) fair trade quinoa vodka. &lt;exeunt&gt;
didn't know you were visiting san fran
is that relying on what others say about jws in harmony with your "critical thinking"?
my own research and yes, loved ones i've known during their miserable time in your cult.
thanks for the shout out, fellow palo altoan! ;)
you are very welcome! ;)
my boy chencho all boo'd up
lover boy chencho
"the grass ain't always greener on the other side, it's green where you water it"
throwback justin bieber always coming in clutch
can y'all untag me. i'm trying to sleep actually
why ave you are not an elite athlete you don't need 8-10 hours of sleep
stalker boy just asked me what happened to my face. fucker has some kind of scar fetish. where's my wooden stake and garlic?
oh for pete's sake
yeah haha hopefully it gets busier as more word gets out about it. for now it's still a soft opening
i hope it doesn't get too busy that you get overwhelmed though but busy enough to keep you occupied if that makes sense lol
so you're relying on 3rd party information about jws without any personal first hand info.
i don't have to join the cult to know the cult is bad.
of course this depends on who you see as a "leader" of blm.
so you say that the leaders of a group won't listen... then admit that who those leaders are isn't clear?
am i ready to complete half my deen? when i don't pray or even make time to go to mosque?
my goal of mine is to get closer to god and make my family happy
these fools have a big ass donald trump flag on their window wher everyone can see it, i think i'm gonna put up something
they of course have the right to support whoever they want, but donald trump is a piece of trash, if you're dumb enough to
in love with u
let's get fucking married
i think the worry is if the bag runs dry, air can run into pt
except that there is nothing behind that air to push it in. think of a bottle of albumin. how would you burp that? can't.
wow that picture is impressive (assuming it was taken with a phone)
yup, iphone 7 + the "auto enhance" thing in ios photos, nothing fancy
check out december's epic covers for issue ! what do you predict will happen??...
carl get's caught for doping steroids
leah got gross
yes she did . sarah palin looks so much better than leah remini
i wonder if i'll ever just try to do something, and not fail miserably at it.
the important thing about failure is to learn from it, better yourself, and don't quit. if you do that, then you're a winner.
that's what's wrong with ppl now
sad truth
posting "muh refugee child" like i give a fuck.
make pepe great again. this was created by the artist.
what makes you think that i am somehow trying to "score" something? :)
we're done with your pious smilies. leave your cult. it's harming people.
my polymagnets arrived
if you like polymagnets, you should check out the magnet printer at techshop.ws - you can print your own magnetic designs!
my heart isn't ready for this
be ready karlz
me too! let's go back to viktor's fascinating moment!
incase you missed ~&gt; kirly viktor "solo"
boofuckingyah em &amp; em back together again
basically just because i missed you.
they of course have the right to support whoever they want, but donald trump is a piece of trash, if you're dumb enough to
support him, then we can't be friend, or nothing, or as bumgarner said "don't look at me" lol
yea whenever our pitching is better
oh really how about that bullpen?
at first i loved the fact that i could be creative with the makeup i wear to work and go all out and shit but...
being required to wear a full face of makeup every day gets tedious after a while and it's soooo bad for your skin
yea whenever our pitching is better
our lineup is better
i try to ration my shoe spending to important cops and usually that money feels best spent on adidas lol
adidas been killing nike the past couple years so makes sense
why not continue with "battle winning tactics?" blm tactics will achieve &lt;0 for the black community
nothing has been won. you're own candidate says that abt blacks literally every day.
gov.pat mccrory says it was proven the guy came at the cop with a gun people need to wake up and respect our cops
: the facts do not matter to anarchists and thieves.
the extra calcium ones always taste like chalk to me even through all the sugar. yay bones?
i was taking kids multi gummy but better to have adult nutrient profile. about time manufacturers figured that out
welcome back-ish! i just talked about you and with , hope all is well
what a small world! that's awesome!
hey thanks for the follow. would love to sample your bars and any other vegan products i could write about.
check our fb page and enter to win a box of 12 french roast. good luck
the hottest pictures of kaley cuoco
but is she worth an 18.5m contract?
missing our crazy adventures a little extra today
lets all go on a adventure im picking all yall up in my trap van ok
i didn't gain fans by being the best or the hottest. i gained fans because i am modest. i try to interact as much as possible.
love u always gorgeous simply amazing
wait he did tell me to make sure drip chamber was completely full
drip chamber completely full??? that's something i've never heard of either.
bc like there's this mushy pillow i'm in love with right now and i want if
nope, but i wouldn't be surprised if they did
night night matthew
nighty night bella xoxo (:
being required to wear a full face of makeup every day gets tedious after a while and it's soooo bad for your skin
&amp; when i say full face i mean full face. lashes, contour, highlight, the whole shebang. my pores are begging for relief.
right. which means they can. and they do. and that's total bullshit.
no, means, it's not needed. the legal system is perverse and overbearing.we have terms like "traditional adoption
maybe your government should stop arming jihadists in syria in order to overthrow assad's secular government.
ha, just wait for a trump dictatorship, he will be invading everywhere and these alt-r mindfucks will love it.
laura jane grace gave my friends friend 80 dollars cuz they were homeless at the time.
laura jane grace is my hero and life aspirations
what makes you think that i am somehow trying to "score" something? :)
and here's one more closed door in your face.
on disney channel bizaardvark your character angelo is a great character. but will we ever hear your character talk
oh shit. hold his feet to the fire, robert! i want to know, too!!!
oh well still. i personally don't like makeup or skincare with lots of ingredients. it's too harsh. and i have good skin too.
but just practice. 15 minutes every night. it washes off so even if it's bad so what you're learning your face and what you like.
i'm done this nigga always in the beef
love protein
i sleep with the light on because you're not beside me
i tweeted the exact same thing 3 weeks ago, we are one now
why wouldn't they want real hope &amp; change they see what 50 yrs of voting democrat gets ya
do you actually know any black people?? i live in nyc they are doing just fine. you are talking about poverty not skin color.
hey, great show, man. congrats!
cheers to that!!! what a great twist at the end!
a really special love. pure. i know that feeling.
i feel so lucky to have had that. at the very least.
fuck off asshole, they're not children, they're adult rapists
who is that the gop?
lowkey be scared to try my own food so i force kik to eat some first "so it doesn't go to waste"
stop setting the fire alarm off
why did you use your foundation's funds to pay your personal legal settlements?
and your portrait
please don't tell me how to live my life
merely a suggestion
cnn's culinary journeys came to chez panisse to film the garlic celebration on bastille day. it airs tomorrow!
can't find it on cnn listings
hey fans.....need updated info, which dodger do you hate the most?
orel hersicher
except for you mia i swear message me if you need homework help or god help me
wh h no its okay im ok a y my dude thanks mu ch
what have we done
i take zero responsibility for this. you turned him on to the *nsync/marilyn manson mash-ups not me.
my mom just yelled at me for spending so much money.. little does she know i have a package coming tomorrow!!!
i legit got my debit card taken away for this
touch a girl hair with weave and she gone slap ya hand mad fast like her head gone explode if someone touch it lol
that's so unfortunate. lol
welcome to my new 136 followers and goodbye to 37 unfollowers (free stats by
glad to be on board w/u linda doing truth in all realms things wherever-whenever
donald's sexually explosive scarborough delivers another scripted hillary smear
are back in love with trump. let the hillary bashing continue.
this picture misrepresents reality. android displays were orange and the the iphone displays were red. ...
pics or it didn't happen.
happening now in , people are swarming the freeway &amp; standing on moving vehicles. where is our president?...
: he's playing miniture golf inthe bath tub.
nk. the pilot was absolutely pitch perfect.
i'm only half way through and don't want it to end
i fux with twitter himym name so much ima let him fuck my grandma
lmao good looks
we've all been best friends since elementary school
idk what friends are i seem to lack them
legit need to do boxing or some type of fighting because i have so much anger in me, that i need to release,before i let it out on someone
that doesn't deserve it lol
damn. at least i had some people at my screening see that. i imagine that was dissapointingly lonely for you.
not at all, i had a good time, same with the collection
calling me a racist? better not let my black husband know. uneducated much?
not you . and i'm highly educated fyi. it was throwing the word thug around.
good news: i have aaa, roadside assistance w/ insurance, and toyota care. bad news: 2hrs in and i'm still waiting at my car for service.
and i have just received the world's least satisfying donut.
way better than the garbage people generally spin out on their status pages, and full of things to learn.
i just found out about a support group in sf where ops people get together and tell stories (but stories stay in the circle)
we are looking for someone to create and run our website. interested? contact us via our email - radiantesports.com
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
unsure if "raccoon dropped through ceiling and into your dressing room" is showbiz slang for something?
it's showbiz slang for "the makeup artist put too much eyeliner on me send help"
one day i hope this country won't need to have protests/riots, because social injustice was a thing of the past.
amen. that's what this country (theoretically) stands for
when u wish her good luck n she don't reply
omg awww sorry babes pero thanks love you
you can't have pepe... he's ours. still, bet me on the election, you seemed so...
i am sure, and i am sure you are a welcher, as all pussies are welchers.
here's the thing though- there's at least another column worth of stories on wells fargo foreclosure abuses.
"thing" david was all the disingenuous coverage by morgenson&amp;that idiot rosner who did not tell america any facts! main stream sucks
after a good 3 hours of being in the library, this is the progress
study study study
"we" ? i hardly doubt a little boy like you could be attached to such heroic efforts of my brothers at omaha
my family fought in revolution, helped start abolition, &amp; uncle helped liberate buchenwald. yours?
but go ahead, message who you think is a leader. won't get a helpful response
any response is a helpful response if you're willing to listen
it's gonna be a landslide. just watch. ;)
trump wont get more than 100 electoral votes.
potus and dems made the gop in north carolina pass hb2? omg it's another conspiracy!
no, but what did he do; stating fed will not diverted school funding if schools don't adhere 2 mandate.
definetly is i'm not going to argue that we can't hit right now
it's ok there is still a small chance you make the playoffs
i hate you sometimes
the feeling is mutual
calling me a racist? better not let my black husband know. uneducated much?
besides what does my educational level have to do with your black husband?
looking for someone who can design a website.
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
if jozea wins against jason, it's gotta be rigga morris!
yeah so this tweet made me genuinely laugh. thanks! :d
i'm married to and worked in law enforcement. profiling is necessary.
yes for criminals not for citizens. trump wants to bring back stop and frisk.
you on some other shit man
high school that's what i'm on
sleep is for the weak
says the "nap queen"
"america today - is stronger at home and more respected in the world...." hillary rodham clinton
: she's on meds.
engineers should be embarrassed by the nexus 5x. to make an fanboy question everything is some feat.
what happened?
i think it's a trick for the tubing for the portable pump. it's a pain to prime and is so sensitive to bubbles
gotcha. well good luck with that! :-). burp away!
i've had no fewer than three "damn it i can't plug these in" moments in less than a week.
solution is bluetooth headphones at work and lightning headphones on the go?
here's the thing though- there's at least another column worth of stories on wells fargo foreclosure abuses.
there's tons of stories of our frauded out financial system that mostly start theday bis killedjfk.50yrs hence they're 8yrs bankrupt
nothing has been won, yet seconds ago certain battles were won by mlk style movement? u gotta stick to a story
and you gotta stick to 2016. we're not going to agree. so, good night
comin to see you tomorrow!
looking forward to seeing you man!
any website designers i need a quote!!!!
submit your details here:
join my park rn!
can't one of ya need to go to my court and invite me since i'm wit sunset
yeah right dipshit
bernie rally. hahah you used a fucking bernie rally. look at the center video. haha
my review of a tiny baby platypus: simply awful. a dreadful little fellow. and yet i love him. 3 and a half stars
but is the belly tickle-able?
fun fact: she also thinks jarlsberg is the best cheese there is. i wouldn't say we're fr...
the real question, will she like ? then you'll be real friends
i for one welcome our new bike share overlords.
the screaming cb6 man should be locked in this room as punishment.
i instantly thought of u and ur sisters lol !
lmao sala trynna take pepa to try out on sunday. i wouldn't be able to take that serious.
i just enjoyed the low price and getting to watch it expand upon opening. spring mattresses ftw.
ive watched some of the vids on repeat. it seems oddly satisfying ;)
schmuck, trump is the one who says trust me. if a guy says trust me he has 1 thing on his mind-fucking
do you kiss your kids with that mouth?
what single issue matters most to you this election? we want to know. tell us in 3 words or less using .
cops killing blacks
i'm starting to think floyd had 2nd thoughts about wanting to take on lefty conor mcgregor who can box, take a punch &amp; is little crazy.
u taking stupid pills? it was never going to happen raggedy andy
trump's own campaign manager's shining beacon of truth:
: 7 months later &amp; where is trump? oh yeah, he's the gop nominee &amp; giving the pantsuited devil a pounding.
it is happening. people are being fired. you think that's okay? you're co with being fired for being gay?
listen, you're talking to a someone within the community. many feel exploited by the dem party.
fuck! this guy has a bumgarner jersey and s dodger cap! how??
even morons can recognize great pitchers? lol
thanks for calling. see you for season 19!
btw paul and nicol were both horrible in final challenge lmao
hey at least it's like somewhat education related
true true, lmao saw you earlier are you studying by yourself homie?
looking forward to playing nyc!
you were fabulous. thanks.
'surprise that will end trump': globalists registering 8 million 'global citizens' to vote hillary it won't work!
lol again... where does breitbart get this ridiculous information?? lol i give them more credit than this
i can't wait for the movie! i'm almost done with
btw i forgot to mention i started a playlist. weird that no one is...
one we got today
i'm working on it now, i'll send you a pic when i'm done lol
i have this one too. my boyf hates it bc its hot and not great lumbar but thats all foam mattresses
their new one claims to stay cool. it's gel topped. i'm tempted. they are cheap and great.
. knows there's no reason to drive distracted. take the pledge today at
when does mark cuban drive himself?
if you have my number lose it. don't text me nomo idc. i'm coo off everything &amp; everybody
you lying . hush &amp; text me !
seriously need a dope web designer
we have good experience in website design/development. our portfolio: email: leads.com
i can't figure out what it is? investing?
yes a model for small community driven businesses.
i got tea tree oil in my eye and now i think i'm legally blind
hahahahah that's the worst
i know what you mean and i hope so too
have fun and good luck
um then why is trump winning in blue states?
dump is not winning anywhere. he losing sc, nc, va, oh, pa,, nj, (thanks fatboy), co+
i thought he's doing 4 years in ny?
hadn't started yet, but prob will now, damn
so my friend made a tinder account for me since i gave up on it cause no one would match with me. maybe this time w...
update: he got me a match. tiesha seems promising.
lmao it has some scary moments i guess
i'm a scary cat too so ...yeah. lmao i don't watch scary shit ever
how will brad pitt and angelina jolie divide their $400 million fortune? via
how about none of your damn business... get your own life!
i have gotten into the gummy sours lately. i got sour gummies from target that is just calcium but it still is reminiscent of tums.
i like sour candy but in vitamins i'll take what o can get from costco
where the ep at
i swear... rappers waste more time than fuckboys
mmmm, stepping back into (and linstead) is like stepping into my favorite pair of slippers for winter.
....this analogy would be better served if i lived in a place where winter existed, but y'all get it.
nyc bomber was caught within 24 hrs. no profiling necessary. just good police work and alert citizens.
opps 48 hrs.
once in a while i need your help. but once in a while i feel like i just wanna dance and feel gooooood
keep dancing you're a great dancer i've heard !!
yup! me, myself &amp; i. if i study with other i get distracted lol
i'm the opposite lol i can't study in the study rooms, i have to be out in the main floor, idk i can't explain why
how is it a nonissue? people are fired, beaten, killed for being trans. that's a nonissue??
beaten and killed is an issue, clearly. use of bathroom &amp; employment is not. they have freedom of both.
us early morning starters will be fine with a coffee drip!
i'm up doing school work i'd rather be working if i have to be up.
nyjah is honestly an animal and i just do not understand the cleanliness of the shit he throws
he's so cocky though
they're younger for sure.
i'm going to give you that one.
love that show.
me too. i've enjoyed it so much. i cannot wait for the next season
the police was my first rock concert experience. now listening to sting play for oracle world at at&amp;t. all your heroes are dead.
walking on the moon. indeed.
youve clearly never been to detroit then.i like bernie sander's,he had vision.he was the last good dem.
i liked bernie too, but trump is not of same fabric. u have ot be fucking...
tyler already posted this. you're a fucking poser
he unoriginal. i started taking the picture first he copied. poser.
season 5 existential crisis/heavier betty is hilarious!
heavy betty is the name of my 90s jam band.
obama was my senator before potus...he was an arrogant asshole then and hillary will be merkel 2.1 / obama 3.0
ya sickening but wake up isnt it
you're right! delhi police should dismiss firs against &amp; swati maliwal despite illegal appointments.
modi the mass murderer is walking free.
who will be first qb to be benched? blaine gabbert case keenum kirk cousins trevor siemian
before the season started, i would have said siemian. now, i would say keenum
yeah right dipshit
spectacular fail asshole!!!! a fucking bernie rally
you were 2much of a coward 2 continue serving?god your family must be rolling in their my bio,peasant
i think it's beneath us both to trade insults. i support the "rioters" as freedom fighters. good night &amp; good luck
then you can't read then
*sigh* no i can read just fine. i'm actually a very good reader. but thanks for your concern. goodnight!
bobby shouldn't even be allowed to drive at this point. when he didn't show up to honor the undefeated team, he die...
love bob knight
their new one claims to stay cool. it's gel topped. i'm tempted. they are cheap and great.
sleep innovations taylor 12-inch gel swirl memory foam mattress, queen
muslim is religion fine, however thier intent is to assimilate us to thier culture, embrace thier law no bueno
not all of them. wow
um, no. they dumped the tea overboard off british ships into the harbor.
which wasn't their property...
sandisk releasing a 1tb sd card. oh my stars
i wonder what the write times are
i can't wait for all the "what happened to your face?" questions i'm gonna get tomorrow..
what happened to your face?
i can see way you've acquired such a large following you're a real gem
only started tweeting recently. not caring to hone my following. that is for pussies.
if you put beets in your salad, you may as well just admit to whatever other horrific crimes you're guilty of.
i walk away from my car while the gas is filling (which is totally normal and had no idea anyone thought differently)
some guy "accidentally" sent me a shirtless photo.
you "accidentally" opened it
of all the trailers before blair witch (bye bye man, rings) ouiji 2 looks the best. and the original was terrible.
ikr? where the hell did this even come from? it's all conjuring-esc and like creepy looking
lol he's the cutest
lol i know i felt so bad i was like fuck
answer the question. you say the laws aren't needed. so you're good with being fired for being gay?
would never happen. we are protected by current law. i could get into trouble sending "your buddy" dick pics.
its been so fun. thx!
no prob! you guys made it great to listen to
. hey check this out:
should players be able to choose their role more than once, why not lock it in after choosing a card?
this has just been a spectacular close to the season, i love this show
but the big question is this: who are you voting for: jozea or jason? lol
got my tix!!
showed idiocracy to my dad and he said "not far off!!" in proud dad joke voice like 11 times
stupid phone question: anyone made the move from android to iphone? i've been a nexus stan forever but thinking of switching teams..
i've switched twice.
im going friday!!
you know you want to
native texan here. i might pass out if she wins texas. just thinking about it gives me a jolt of adrenaline.
if hrc makes a real play &amp; there is a serious gotv effort, i'd love to visit friends in texas in november.
it finally arrived !!! best b-day present i ever got :d happy day :p (made by )
that's really cool and really creepy at the same time
ok fine. it's just so fun
yessss i see it!
update: my dad just sent me this picture of him and gucci and i am sobbing real tears
omg i love your dad he's so bad ass
season 5 existential crisis/heavier betty is hilarious!
they really did a fine job drawing out our sympathy and eventual empathy for her, but sally even more so.
evan goes to an all boys school yet he won't hook it up w any of his friends
"evan i literally hate you, get out of my life"
i miss the late nights i would cook for the homies when we were all drunk
so this saturday are you going to respond aye aye when i tell you to make me something?
without children there will be no future goodbye world so we kinda need them around and come on loo...
still dont approve
the lowest of cowards. i have no other words.
so, america is better off now than 8 years ago. i don't think so.
does your company stock up free ?
the people want it!
lmfao that would happen to you i hope kimmy still goes and leaves you in the room
da bitxh did !! we're staying with her best friend and they left me but it's okay
i need a website designer to fix my website
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
3's still the goat fuck what you heard
jesus christ the cement 3s make me wanna vomit
my family fought in all wars and as have i- i am a successful businesswoman, author, homeowner. you have no character,peasant
i'm also a successful businessman and proud father to two black kids w/ a black wife who i love. good night
i mean i could write a book about it or something.
all the world's problems lie at the bis. i dare you:)
correction update: civilian who suffered gunshot wound during protests is on life support, critical condition. not deceased.
people are angry... wake up!
no. they don't. they can be fired just for being trans. they're often legally barred from the bathroom
that's simply not true. lol. its not an issue w/ trans i know in mi, fl, ny, nj, ca...
good i'd support that. maybe we would stop innocent people from being blown up more.
no you wouldn't. we had stop and frisk in nyc. caused more problems innocent people being harassed for no reason.
professional clothes are so expensive!! omg. where can i get good quality for not one million...
do they have buffalo exchange around u? idk about thrift stores elsewhere but here there's loads of super nice shit for cheapo
lol should've came thot juice
where duh invite pa
does your company stock up free ?
are you guys going to rt or what? the data!
i wanna set up an appt
just let me know when
not going to lie i am praying for the wild card
hey they might win it but then play the cubs that's going to be hard
plzzzz dye ur hair that color
it was like that in highschool.. never again
so many groups kill themselves to fight over scraps and produce meh music
all with the goal of intellectual superiority. lame.
facts you not touching my guy .
let these guys know what i do buzzin
great new polls! thank you nevada, north carolina &amp; ohio. join the movement today &amp; lets !...
i just have to say you offend me every single time you open that hole in your face.
nah i feel it, cause you can't goof around if people are watching
that and because if i talk people are just gunna give me this look i don't wanna deal with it lol, okay back to studying
leonard cohen says he's ready. a million candles burning for the love that never came. you want it darker.
leonard cohen's ready for the days of awe. listen to his new song on the occasion of the end of his 82nd year....
happy bday slightly belated im sry
it's ok ur on the west coast
what's bringing you over this way?
giving a brief talk and q&amp;a at cmu
same f our lives
hey dude, whatever. life's short let's be awake while we can.
happening on my bed right now
is harold high rn
back to android??
iphone&gt;android&gt;iphone
not in north carolina re: bathrooms. and not in the majority of states re: employment. get a clue.
i have a clue. layers and politicians need to create work and a source of income. this issue is contrived
jesus christ the cement 3s make me wanna vomit
idfw most jordans but 1s are hot, grape 5s are cool too
wow, fox is allowing a lot more cleavage than they used to.
i loved that show.
seems like anthony weiner likes knocking on doors and introducing himself to strangers, so his life won't change too dramatically.
ooh that's good
happy 16th birthday!!!
thank you!!!!
if you guys missed it i missed it. lol
sorry that went down that way, you seem so sweet. wife and i are big fans!
hi my name is vivian and i wear glasses because i have 1/20 vision huhhhhhhh
of all the photos this one why
please give the team some more time to respond to your inquiries. they will be in touch asap. thank you!
upwork is holding back money that is mine. i should be allowed to receive it but they refuse. and now i'm being ignored.
welcome to my city........ i left just in time
you escaped with only moments to spare.
cure all diseases!
perhaps it's a sign you're a very healthy person to not have any particular diseases that you'd especially like cured.
white billionaire commie george soros funding blm to push bs agenda &amp; federalize police!
you are paranoid. soros isn't that powerful. he's just a rich guy with a big megaphone
love it. secret pizza party (same folks) also solid.
seriously tho, how did that kid mistakenly get spicy hot sauce for his dragon taco party??? i mean we all know rule no 1.
can you pls state what women have gone through in india for last 5000 years? keep the invading cultures aside
one can point to "sati", but when it started it was voluntary for reasons. forced sati hasn't lasted for centuries.
nah bc3's goat shoe dont you dare slander them
show me a good fit with cement 3s and i'll drive to your location and blow you.
mr robot is so stupidly incredible. i will worship til my end days.
my mind is so blown right now
i did it today for the millionth and was really just curious if it was weird that i did as i thought about it.
it's wasted time otherwise tbh. i drive a lot for work &amp; gas-ups are the only spare second to grab a snack/bathroom sometimes
i wish there was a way i could be rewarded for being so good at procrastinating
there isn't feg fuck you
goodluck fam!
thanks fam ima need it for these next 9 days goodluck to you too!
interesting fact: the dispute was over taxation on that very product. among others.
they destroyed property that was not theirs for noble reasons. that is also a fact. as it is for charlotte tonight
.' guitarist just called crowd work "harassment humor"
"sit in the front row, i promise no one will make fun of you" *2 mins into show* "nice shoes, ya fuckin idiot. fuck you."
grey's comes back on tmrw but no callie )):
wait what why
isn't it obvious that . preemptively attacked . as a red herring to coverup his own foundation's corruptions?
in fact that is his move. his health/clintons health, his taxes/clintons emails, and on and on. it's the art of the deal. 3 card monty.
gonna be hooping a lot during the week, wanna lose like 15 pounds to get a little quicker so set a day &amp; don't bitch out again
bruhhhh a nigga be tired!! lemme check my calendar of availability
i don't know who you really are but i'm stealing your term hideeholes cuz it's kinda funny.
you never heard that? really? you have not been on the right long.
i don't know who you really are but i'm stealing your term hideeholes cuz it's kinda funny.
you can come back.
jumping 2 conclusions abt 1 calling 1 a thug as substitution 4 another word says more abt u than him. y go there
oh please. every time a black person does *anything* these days they're a thug. its the new n-word.
padres before i sleep with two madres.
brad pitt before grab clit.
a danger in stock option agreements via
have you ever seen this in the wild? i haven't heard of anyone asking for this but my data points are limited...
two attorneys, representing same client, aren't permitted to cross-x witness.
fascinating tidbit. also, your profile is a very interesting read!
aww thank you so much sweetie means a lot to me:)
i know u mean a lot to everyone here always a friend who care so much
support the boy out there trying to grind his stream
appreciate the support jarrod. when i touch down in ga ima let you know asap!
really?what u did for yourself successful?
try speaking english.
oh i see. it hasn't happened to your friends, therefore it doesn't happen. that's a small view.
it's not an issue. it's being groomed as an issue to have another bs platform. like.. microaggression.
he does fund blm. and brags about bankrupting countries.
he's a free person. he can fund what he wants. but he doesn't control the world or america
this makes me so. so. so. so. so. sad.
fool still got dropped for it
means results!
after being banned twice:
ooh. anything you miss from android or nah? i'm trying to deduce whether i truly like android features or am just used to them
gmail, chrome, maps all more seamless (though all available on ios)
i'd love to interview ryback about this event for huffpost!
reach out to him directly. not sure if he's doing any interviews. dm and we can discuss.
jason for sure, he did poorly his first season but he has more promise to learn from his mistakes
i voted jason. jason was entertaining and self aware. jozea was. i mean he. he wore tiny underwear? yeah he did that.
yea that's petty jus put a "i'm with stupid " sign up
i would but he's across from me :( i think i'll just go simple with a fuck donald trump lol what else...
brad pitt before grab clit.
these nuts before skinny sluts.
bob is so much more than a co-worker to me. i admire him greatly. he has been a pillar of strength through this. pl...
may her memory be eternal. hosts have given such beautiful tributes. she must have been wonderful.
luckily that's already in progress, my friend :d glad you dig
nice! i already mentioned to , but a native 'what classes are my friends signed up for' feature would be too
his name is a play on the phonetics of "jeremy" as briefly mentioned in by marco.
in this sentence, the pronoun "his" is referring to jara hamee, the first free hork-bajir.
perhaps it's a sign you're a very healthy person to not have any particular diseases that you'd especially like cured.
sometimes people single out a disease to fight when someone they love is affected by it.
the financial elite rule us through an of corporations &amp; government
the is the merging of the corporate and .
sorry kevin, but many of us abandoned the corrupt 2-party system and we're not coming back.
i get it, but it's too late for this cycle, start now for 2020. this time it's either hrc or djt. not the same.
if hoyer doesn't work out, they need to put me in.
no question you're tougher than cutler
how bout that six flags fade?
lol, i forgot we had those chunti af passes.
isn't that special for you? but shit on the ones unlucky to enough to live in nc, amirite?
omg! tomorrow i'll send you articles (many) of trans living there and embarrassed of the issue
can the guy with the ultimate fuckboy tendencies confirm this??
but he's a rapper too so he's biased.
hope you've enjoyed the first year of . year two should be fun. what has been your favorite deal/jig f...
long story short.. free 2k 17 legend edition lol
i was wrong about adrian peterson's diagnosis. zimmer said could be back in wk or 2 so thought it was routine meniscus scope, which is minor
stop playing doctor and u wont be wrong cheese whiz
in fact that is his move. his health/clintons health, his taxes/clintons emails, and on and on. it's the art of the deal. 3 card monty.
he is a failed businessman using cheesy 80's era sales skills. it's abc. it's glengarry glen ross.
perhaps he's just another angry joo
oh whats the matter, you dont like jews either bunky? poor you then
any graphic design/ web design majors wanna help me out? dm/text me!
we have good experience in website/graphic design. our portfolio: email: leads.com
what the hell are all you people looking at? i'm over here =&gt;
rt what the hell are all you people looking at? i'm over here =&gt;
we only get one life! why waste it when you can kill two birds with one stone?
because gas thieves are hiding around every corner to awkwardly try to move the fuel line around the stanchion, apparently
my life rn is messier than my room
i really believed there was nothing messier than my room until today
aww thanks love. yes im always here for anyone who needs a shoulder to lean on :)
yaass i feel the same way also hugs n kisses always xoxo
yooo keep killing it fam where i do i put in the app for you to be my sugar mama one day?
oh hell nahh hahaha i'm done paying for dudes. been there done that. ima get my ass pampered from now on
mi madre said if i even end up going i have to go stag bc it costs a lot of $$ :///
hahahahaha i was kidding brock lets go to scary farm instead
that's just wild. but, don't forget 44's lack of response after katrina in '05.
or the look on his face when told about twin towers!
wow. has some choice ultralight camping gear for rent. i've owned some of this stuff &amp; its . nice work!
this is awesome!!! we've wanted to go camping for a while but haven't because we didn't wanna buy all this!
but people have still gotten shot following orders like the guy who was calming his autistic client
my example above illustrates a key problem with interpretation:
haig you know arrowhead has fish pee in it che
that some good fish pee homie
keep being yourself. we need more of you than leeches like them.
thank youu
isn't that special for you? but shit on the ones unlucky to enough to live in nc, amirite?
tell me, are trans people required to show birth certificate to use bathroom? no
these nuts before skinny sluts.
masturbate before ask her to date.
hey faggot, are you a oven dodger?
i knew i cud make your true pussy 88-blabberisms come out. you all make me chuckle. pathetic bunch.
not all of us. i won't be in bysag 2morrow bc my nasal passages have shut completely. ily if it's badminton pour one out 4me.
always n forever
.: "there's an atmosphere in the country now where no one trusts the authorities, from the president...
i'm going to post this one last time- explains everything!
jumping 2 conclusions abt 1 calling 1 a thug as substitution 4 another word says more abt u than him. y go there
tweets = thug this thug that. never mind cmpd had no legal reason to approach scott or demand he drop his gun
today a giants fan tried to tell me they were gonna win the world series. i laughed hard. they questioned if i was a real fan i laughed more
they've been real fans since 2010 man. they know what they're talkn about
no. looting stores and burning random things doesn't equate. sorry. there are much better ways to intact change.
i seem to have touched a nerve w/ those who patronize blacks with how they should protest..exposing their racism. cheers
i just really want one of this instax polaroids for my birthday
this???? those* good lord. and like light blue or light pink or teal
na jus put "donald trump got a baby dick"
lmao! ok i'm going with that one, no profanity
i care about the people in this video. it just seems so hard to convey facts across some social boundaries
not about conveying truth. this is unwillingness to deal with reality
seriously just fuck off. i'm sick of hearing your dismissive bullshit when trans people are dying.
i'm absolutely against them dying.. stop talking about bathroom issue as a death issue.
exfoliate your butt
oh your lips too
jumping 2 conclusions abt 1 calling 1 a thug as substitution 4 another word says more abt u than him. y go there
in a state where it's been legal to openly carry a handgun for decades
i wish he would've gotten knocked tf out.
he should've been slept kid was lucky to have him get off
working on a drawing for a friend :)
this looks pretty cool! keep at it
as a nola native, when i saw that play on tv, i fell to my knees! overwhelmed by "joy"! it was our time!
anyone kneel during the anthem in that game?
wow. you are clueless.
no, i'm not brainwashed. nor are my trans brothers and sisters.
i can't even look mr.gonzales in the eye anymore
ohh yeahhhhh
worst analogy ever.
more like too close to home for you. no matter, it's serving my goals. cheers
a man can't have a dream
they didn't let mlk why should you
what would you rather do
you have the rest of your life to work, focus on school but if you have no choice thennnnn yeah
find it* in your heart. *goverment tracking chip
i love this podcast. i, for one, welcome our golden-throated, tentacled overlords.
i honestly have no words,i can't thank you all enough for all your support and love
first twitch then the world
the visionary ceo will not sell me prepaid data roaming and postpaid takes a month to kick in. hey take my money give me sim card!
if you do i'll let my hair grow long and wear a tight leather jacket with purple inside! we can also play batman together.
when u didn't hear me say it to victoria as soon as evert said it
when i sit right behind you so i would have heard it
nj nyc my heart is always with you.
and you are always with my heart p.s. i know this tweet was 4 days ago but i like to stalk you at hours when i have insomnia
100% agree! i was never able to get into gran turismo. too much of a simulation for my liking.
i've never been huge racing fan. but fh series offers so much different types of races
if your government had never intervened in syria, the refugee crisis wouldn't have happened either.
stupid, climate change water loss forced the outlying farmers into the cities to find work &amp; gov did nothing
im trying to get the network to let me do a 2hr long special with a bunch of comedians on acid tryin to do challenges &amp; talk on live tv lmao
you're an absolute god and an inspiration to all
9am is the time i went "shit it's early" and went back to sleep today
i think i got to the office at 11 today. &gt;.&gt;
if your government had never intervened in syria, the refugee crisis wouldn't have happened either.
buy a fucking clue
day 52 - quick doodle of chico rottie
someone looks a little annoyed
i keep calling weed "pot" because of and everyone slanders me for it
it's the same out here for me bud
[crossover] [through the legs] [pulls up from 40-feet] "where is the spirit of martin luther king?" [buzzer]
block by common sense!!
yup. same goes for all drugs, legal or not. that's where a *good* doc comes in.
i had oral surgeon toss me scrip for oxycodone,unasked~whole different prblm frm need.
i...what?
i too was there when that happened. waiting for a train in the other direction.
yep.. found the kike
love how you disgusting piles of protoplasm rear your ugly head after 60 years and you think you have made it
clearly racism exist everywhere but i just centered ivies for a moment
i work in college readiness w/hs students &amp; i worry that they get scared off &amp; think they will experience worse there
these are my favorite photos of me in d.c.
the guy in the middle kinda looks like
not sure what you're saying; you have models who are interested in doing public topless shoots in lic? dm me to follow up.
we can volunteer to take photos in our area.
ha! i got to recreate that scene for a music video i was in... hehe...
very cool. is it available online?
first day of ? that calls for a pumpkin spice latte! (@ starbucks - )
yes please!
i really love siri's choice of words!
jhowl keeping up with the dodgers that's why you are my best friend
if your government had never intervened in syria, the refugee crisis wouldn't have happened either.
can someone give j-mask here a fucking clue as to how syria meltdown happened
we are to assist. what speeds do you get with 1 wired device when testing at ^jra
oh please, we've done this twice a week you've sent techs &amp; it's not hardware after *one week*. just prorate my bill already
it's amazing because they don't look a day over 361 million days squared
genuinely lolled at this
it can be frustrating, until you understand that has nothing to do with journalism. it's a liberal infomercial.
as long as you realize is the propaganda arm of the gop. each party needs one
and here's where you change the topic, again, because you know you've been got. seriously, go away.
dude, u changed issue right after w talk of death. we r talking about ridic fed contrived bathroom issue
i'm still deciding if i love it and want to stick with it, but i'm glad i'm at least trying it first
the good news is, you can do anything you want. you are a critical care nurse.
also timezones... these short north-south flights are also in the same timezone. (is boston to philly est-&gt;cst?)
boston and philly are both est. also why the caribbean is great. minimal time change.
who likes jews aside from faggot cucks? embrace your downfall limp dick
we will be fucking ur ass come nov 9
number of refugees nancy pelosi's district has taken in: zero via
i'd enjoy being a fly on the wall as some of those sharia supporting refugees take a stroll through the castro.
first day of ? that calls for a pumpkin spice latte! (@ starbucks - )
ps: take a friend with you the next time:
miss u bro. lmk when we can link
same on this end g. when do you come to sf?
i need helen mirren's excalibur wardrobe on my body...
i've nursed a lifelong crush on her which began with seeing this at age 5.
happy birthday nat!! hope you have a lit rest of your day
thank you so much zach!
ahs got me so fucked up rn. i'm so scared.
gotta go get me a night light for tonight omg
sorry kevin, but many of us abandoned the corrupt 2-party system and we're not coming back.
but if you don't much mind trump as potus, then stand your ground. or vote lib down ticket only.
it was probably same lady lowkey
that's cause y'all ain't sit next to white ppl like me
see defying the nazis: the sharps' war, a reminder we're better than the hatred, greed, &amp; cowardice trump represents
trump's breitbart 'altright' in-house neo-nazi knight steve bannon is laying low. don't be fooled. he's fanning the chorus of online hatred.
freya!!!! ahaha and the others are great too yess &lt;3 makes me want to watch the last unicorn again
freya's story really hit home on a personal level to me. last unicorn is so special and important to me too ah so many things
i want a leader that forms their own opinion on things,not one that has their opinion given to them.
your "guy" is a bumbling, mumbling moron. have fun with that.
don't open your mouth about if you haven't opened it about the 15 black people killed by police since he started kneeling.
i guess you dont like free speech when it's bothering you?
while digging a hole. oh dear.
a special form of torture
i took my adhd medicine later than usual today &amp; i've been like an energizer bunny for the past three hours.
i hate when that happens
happy birthday boo
thank you so much nicole!
i see why she has 6 kids
you prob should've used better wording bc it sound like you called her a hoe
can we take just a few moments to fully appreciate nails right now
awwww baby i love you
just picked up my s90d only dissapointment is lack of deepr iphone integration. lots of owners want carplay or siri hands free
being able to say "hey siri, where is the closest supercharger" and having our teslas plot the route is a dream goal
hahaha and draw him wit little hands !!!
hahaha bro i'll post it tomorrow yeeeee
wow, until "dr" stein helped me see, i just thought it was brutal, systematic intimidation, oppression, &amp; ballot box stuffing
i've been illuminated, i think she should spread the good word across russia, i'm sure she won't miss anything here
anna karina with nicol williamson, laughter in the dark (1969)
i read the book but never saw it.
do i live in la crosse, wisconsin or washington state......
holy... that looks awful
the only other racing game series i was able to get into was burnout.
i had that back in the day. was fun
who is the most underrated star on wwe's current roster and why?
baron corbin! he should be plugged into a feud for a major title! i like his matches with apollo crews. but both guys need better
nobody likes them. that's why they've been kicked out of 109 nations in the last millennia. america will be 110
oh right, us is going to kick out the jews. haha, beyond delusional, psychopathic. get help, really
many now have "deplorable" in their twitter name and openly tweet racist things. either be offended or own it, but not both.
they are proud to be deplorable. that is the effect.
cant wait till someone does this to ur mom while you rot in prison you fucking kapik
what a bozi tgha
i believe next song will be every breathe you take.
i told you so!
no problem with jozea's underwear game
it was his most interesting play.
yes, that's generally how freedom works. he doesn't understand the concept. needs govt permission.
i do. and i know when government is needed. let me, and my fellow people, take care of one another.
lady cluck, waffles, and the constable.
and now i know their names for next week. waffles goes first, methinks.
uh... is really good this season. i said it.
i have to move just so i can get televised programming - or figure out apple tv sling hulu boondoggle
you making up every story you tell makes me laugh
bro wtf cause i totally make shit up, ur blowing this shit outta proportion, i was just messing w you dude
settings&gt;phone&gt;call blocking &amp; identification
before u were able to block by clicking their contact info..now u gotta do shit manually
anyone do website design....? i might have a job for you.
we have good experience in website design/development. our portfolio: email: leads.com
manufacturer changed the recipe. an honest mistake. we all might have done the same.
fair enough. i sure could go for some tacos now
how's everyone's morning? :)
you haven't been active
i'm at that point in my life where 720p is simply unacceptable.
not only that, but anything less than 60 fps hurts too
twitter is the online equivalent of a kkk meeting tons of hate speech
i'm new to it and i'm naive just thinking people are civil. i'm always shocked at how quickly people jump to hate speech! &lt;3
two more days of heavy rain predicted by imd! we are bracing ourselves &amp; water board 2/2
am disappointed to see all those videos. ..when it rains hyderabadis struggles alot
the inevitable evolution of bad science
1st publications r peer-reviewed. 2nd main premise is that we are not thorough in our work. 3rd look at advances around you
this has gotta be the most misguided book cover i have ever seen. (and it's totally real: )...
for those old enough to remember - two wild &amp; crazy guys.
wcw smart, funny a beautiful need to fine someone like her
she's still a virgin too
do any of my twitter friends in edinburgh do website design? if you do, please let me know! :)
we have good experience in website design/development. our portfolio: email: leads.com
ok fine but wear a black wig occasionally
heheh oh i will
. gorgeous! !!!!
thank you elizabeth!!!!!
he's in the top 5 in era in the al
and gary sanchez is winning al roy
i said clueless, not brainwashed. i was being nice. what i really meant was fucking stupid.
1st amendment allots you that freedom. call me whatever your heart desires. more power to you.
magnum pi discovers another white hating interloper heeb
white hating? what is with you douchbags, why is the hate in everything you do. who said anyone hates whites?
i think i accidentally just took a train to brooklyn
live, from the upper east side
obama speaks volumes by what he doesn't say. his tacit support of these riots will be remembered by voters in november.
and trump's racism will be remembered by poc- always undercounted in polls- on nov 8th as well.
happy birthday!
thank you so much christian!!!
i need you to read this from a teacher at the school where 's 6th grade daughter attends. sobering
i was expecting something ignorant. thank you. i'm having trouble sleeping tonight. all this death is becoming overwhelming
clergy in ohio now praying upon trump
we also pray with for trump.
not a fan of reds ?
na mate, was waiting for everyone to catchup and finish their reds!
almost as annoying as vegetarians
how did i know u were gonna say something dumb
remembered one of the "terrible vr ideas" from our pax panel. mobile vr. poop in exotic locations. top of everest, eiffel tower, the louvre
ummm why is this a bad idea
today's the perfect day to step up and let know you've got her back. wish appendicitis during first debate.
today's the perfect day to step up &amp; let know you've got her back. wish prosopagnosia during first debate.
is that what you enjoy, fuckin men in their asses? wew what degenerate sack of filth
if it bothers them, then yes i do enjoy it.
you'll always remember the 21st night of september now!! thank you for riding, see you again real soon?!
oh i'll be back reeeeal soon!
i played 9 for my husband and he cried at freya's story. 9 is my fav ff (same on tlu, held a place in my heart growin up ;^;)
are we the same person
lets grow it out together and come out here so you can be my workout partner
ion even know when i'm gonna go to patterson anytime soon
jason definitely needs more self-awareness and that's a real hard thing to learn
i honestly don't remember much of his gameplay so my self aware comment is off-base but he was entertaining for sure.
u aren't even qualified to join anyways
the jc quartets is that how u even spell that fuck
reminder: protesting is important, but showing up to vote on november 8th and kicking out every republican is more....
in your dreams!!!!
n.c. ag roy cooper releases statement following violent protests in uptown charlotte - wcnc update:...
sounds like they need to declare a state of emergency- in this entire country before it implodes- who'...
today's the perfect day to step up and let know you've got her back. wish appendicitis during first debate.
today's the perfect day to step up and let know you've got her back. wish incontinence during first debate.
i was about to drop the class
about to to drop every class cause all i think about when someone erases the board is "ohh yeahhhhh"
self deporting works just as well, as do ovens and gas chambers
yeah ok mittens. self deporting, another beyond stupid "concept," which is more like a fairytale
saying "i called it" about the ny/nj bombing: donald trump is the only person besides terrorists who claims credit for terrorism.
nitwit logic. he claims credit for predicting it. you need to learn some english, funny it's your native tongue.
is that strongbow cider? how do you like it?
not bad at all. i like a good cider now and again. smooth.
most excellent. the two main tropical options i have are +3 hours (caribbean) or -3 hours (hawaii) :/
could always move east.
she went 5 years without experiencing humility!
longer, even; don't some seasons span more than a year?
does that mean you wanna suck his bloody dick? joos are all the same i swear
suck whos bloody dick? the one your teeny tiny brain portrays in the video?
right! i'm going to keep watching it til evan peters shows but if it doesn't get interesting by then, then i'm done
saaaaaaameee i hope he come on by the next episode or two.
a protest should look like this,white people suggesting this to black
what a patronizing tweet. seriously, congratulations
thanks covay! hope you had fun:)
anytime we get a cal upset, it's all to the good! plus, i was swigging fireball!
today's the perfect day to step up and let know you've got her back. wish appendicitis during first debate.
today's the perfect day to step up &amp; let know you've got her back. wish vasovagal syncope during 1st debate
i got home to find my mom got another dog
send pics immediately
our whole world changed today. we're now a family of four. :) (l: 12/20/2014, the day our oldest was born, r: today...
congrats, eric! now this is exciting news!
in honor of here is my best "nicole"
im screaming
til the antagonist from power rangers was "free after 10,000 years" of imprisonment in a dumpster
always thought this character was sinister
idk why people act like racism is dead.. i see it everyday
purposely or not, dog whistle racism exists
whether the platform is big or small have a voice .
they should psychologically recheck every cop see what they're thinking
he only ever says dumb things
so true what a tragedy
saying "i called it" about the ny/nj bombing: donald trump is the only person besides terrorists who claims credit for terrorism.
"besides terrorists"? trump is the ultimate domestic terrorist based on what he has done!
love meeting people passionate about like - so great meeting you jason!!
thanks, you're the one doing amazing things!
today's the perfect day to step up and let know you've got her back. wish appendicitis during first debate.
today's the perfect day to step up and let know you've got her back. wish tourette's during first debate.
north carolina governor declares state of emergency after person is shot during protest in charlotte:...
bet you'e never see that in philly if rizzo was still mayor!!
she is moving
lmaooooo i can't take it
i swear i can't have guy friends. all the sudden we are together or fuckin
lmao bust them out
friends; what are the top three musical theater finales that wreck you? asking for science.
cats cats cats
still daring fuckers to try it since the days of titus flavius, they quit laughing 109 times. 110 coming soon
and yet somehow these joos always get the better of your little brain fucknobs. how is that? i wonder...
bro your life is light speed. where are you studying?
stanfoooord
continue to repost artwork without credit because "if you don't want it reposted, don't put it online".
too bad it seems impractical to actually take them to court over an easy victory =\
at this point, is sure to get more than 5%, which means libertarian party will get federal matching funds in 2020.
great! i'm all for it. i just think keeping trump out is more important. but you're in tx so vote lib!
*sigh* you're so dumb. you are not the gov't. nor am i. therefore 1a is not relevant.
didn't say i or you were the gov. btw, hillary pic with rainbow flag... yeah... she's no lgtbiq advocate
2 stories. one it was a rubber bullet. the other, thug hug. of the two, which scenario is most likely. not hard.
calling someone a thug is a great way to seem credible.
s/o to for that insane raid! thank you for the support, man! tealove
before bed watched farm farmigul for 2 blues up to 365, will be farming wit my friends tomorrow help them out
whenever i check into my hotel for training, there's this little asian man at the front desk and his name is kevin so every wednesday night
when i go to check in he says"hey i know you! you're kevin that's spelled wrong!" so whenever we see each other he calls me
it happened because the u.s. government decided in 2006 that the assad government had to be overthrown...
oh ok, yeah whatever you say. so it is bush's fault. or is that also obama's fault for 2006 actions?
friends; what are the top three musical theater finales that wreck you? asking for science.
a chorus line, les mis, cabaret
want to up your game even more? go for enameled cast iron.
idk. it's way more expensive and i am not convinced that it wont become sticky over time like coated stainless steel.
when i go to check in he says"hey i know you! you're kevin that's spelled wrong!" so whenever we see each other he calls me
the wrong kevin and i call him the right kevin and we bond for a short 30 seconds when i fill out my paperwork
you're not worth responding to any further, a joke of an account
ok humanity hater fucknob. have fun sucking joos
using the crimes of a few to label millions of people is bigotry and simple
thank you for your comment.
team india have won the toss and have decided to bat first! wish them luck
how late are you to update my bro
when you're at the gym working out and the creep next to you decides to curve his phone and record you. k... i see u weirdo.
mother fuckers be hellah weird
my moron ass made lemon honey tea last night using acidic produce lemon juice intended for cooking &amp; i'm wondering why my throat's in flames
get a grande peach tranquility with jade citrus mint, 3 honey's and half steamed lemonade :)
i sometimes think about being 70 years old and having a crush on a 35-year-old and i want to wander into the sea
save me a spot on the ocean floor
you forgot the most important one, chano x andrea.
we been waiting on that but she wanna play and never drop anything
i would but you work so far:(
hahaha thanks for considering it
do black people get arrested and put in jail too or no??
racist much?
you're overplaying your hand. more people are becoming counter semitic. anyways, your ass is muted for now,
who give a fuck shitforbrains.
you need to read up on soros. he wants to control an open society
he can want what he wants but it's never going to happen plus that man is like 90 so com'on
eddie alvarez just confirmed he's fighting conor mcgregor at ufc 205 via
i now heard it was khabib.... oh dang!
well i can get behind that. your guy is severely lacking in that department, however.
nah, we aren't. we're doing fine there and coming together thanks to and regressive left
phew! lol, seriously, i'm sure we shall meet face-to-face someday
one day. i'm coming back in february i think.
i wanna make a rant so i can vent about things but i dont want to be a debby downer on here but i also want my voice to be heard
should i make a rant and should i post its @ on here if u wanna see my shit
idk. it's way more expensive and i am not convinced that it wont become sticky over time like coated stainless steel.
plus a good seasoning can be fun to use: cook bacon in cast iron then do creamed spinach and get a subtle bacon flavor!
it makes me so sadddd i wish i was seeing kearney with y'all tomorrow
i wish you were coming with us too!!
...then sent the cia to syria in 2009 to stir up protests, and eventually started arming jihadist insurgents.
ok, you know it all cause one guy is paid by cia. i got it.
i wish there was a feelings on and off switch. feelings: off off off. thanks bud
there is a switch, &amp; most of the time mine is stuck in the off position. too many feelings hurt, even love, unrequited b the worse
trying to make it work to come down but not 100% yet, let you know soon (tm)
all good :) just let me know when you can.
is it okay to take it out right after you got it pierced?
if you want it to close yes!!
i don't read it that way. if u r going 2 search 4 hidden meaning where it doesn't exist you'll drive yourself mad
ok. and you're husband is black? poor guy.
analysis: trump proposals would add $5.3 trillion to debt
except kansas city the existing 17t=5.3 is all"owed"2 a handful of bank dynasty families. anyone want 2 guess who?bis
today's the perfect day to step up and let know you've got her back. wish appendicitis during first debate.
today's the day to step up and let know you've got her back-wish deafening borborygmus during first debate.
they're planing a remix of the stranger things theme song at a bar right now and i'm living
grab some christmas lights and use them as glow sticks
but i'm gonna follow to see that sweet, sweet, libshit rage come november 8th
and you keep a look outside your window for the "collectors' coming for you nov 9
supporting my girls
thanks so much for coming i love you
always thought this character was sinister
while doing original research for this post i discovered that someone had mad an oscar the grouch wiki
friends; what are the top three musical theater finales that wreck you? asking for science.
cabaret, a chorus line, les amid
paul deserves to win . he has never been evicted and he's the only person who doesn't lay in bed all day. these hgs are so frustrating.
but nicole is a cute white girl, so yay america
you need to read up on soros. he wants to control an open society
soros won't be around for much longer so the paranoia is unnecessary
your boyfriend plays 2k &amp; selects my celebrations for his myplayer.
chilll every body do that bruh
friends; what are the top three musical theater finales that wreck you? asking for science.
cabaret, les mis, a chorus line
not at all. just a horrible analogy. study some history instead of trying to be pc.
i have several letters from my family who participated in that &amp; other acts of sabotage. i know my history as its literally mine
also joe hardly ever replies so it'll be like still only having two friends
i resent that. i'm not that bad at replying
you can't control us!
ryan let's fight street fighter style
nothing is wrong, that is a very normal reaction
is there another reaction other than wishing for death
great! i'm all for it. i just think keeping trump out is more important. but you're in tx so vote lib!
but voters in swing states should remember nader in 2000. dropping out of key swing states could save us from djt
it really changes ya whole life
currently reminiscing
how is this perspective????????
trump is using the umbrella only for himself and obama is letting what appears to be michelle use the umbrella
today's the perfect day to step up and let know you've got her back. wish appendicitis during first debate.
today's the perfect day to step up &amp; let know you've got her back. wish abject remorse during first debate.
. &amp; friends edition: 10/8 at delightful eatz! 6-9pm feat: , &amp; more!
i'm going to call u need me client on this bill
i knew you would say something hahaha don't get me started with your high school ass going to these things
didn't go to a rave till i was 18. but you've been talking shit on them since last week
bitch but im not connie
l a hoe for different reasons
@ logangirlsvolleyball for the camping trip
*asks matt for this too*
if you like polymagnets, you should check out the magnet printer at techshop.ws - you can print your own magnetic designs!
that's actually why i bought them - to create more understanding on possibilities. it's total magic isn't it!?!
sitting at the bar.. watching the joggers.. thinkin about how bad i need to go run... but this beer tastes better.
the struggle is real girl!
i wasn't there so i won't superimpose my own conclusions. r u as upset abt 3000 ppl shot, 500 2 death, in chicago
yeah you're racist. doesn't matter that you screw a black guy. textbook racist deflection you just gave.
ahs finally got good!
exit out of full screen. not the browser please.
you're the absolute roughest individual man go to sleep
looking forward to hearing your next 3 minute voicemail apology tomorrow
"hey stone the new call of duty funko figure looks just like--"
this is magical
is it really the case that links to tweets, when clicked on in twitter's mobile app, open a web page?
if you've already updated the app, force quit it a cpl times and reopen. that fixed it for me last night
if anyone is looking for a gig, my company is hiring for a support engineer. a mix of front and back end and it's all .
submit your details here:
oh, i know. i have two lodge cast iron skillets on my stove top right now. but there is a time and place for enameled.
ok yeah i hear you. definitely i have and use coated steel for plenty of stuff (eggs suck in seasoned cast iron imo)
we will pass this along to the team for next time. thanks for the idea.
gladly! don't let them leave out the environmentalist coffee lovers!!!
few things infuriate me quite as much as getting stuck on some problem b/c the docs are awful
partially b/c it's humiliating to get stuck and have no path forward but not for *good* reasons, just bad ones like "the doc writer was lazy
ok yeah i hear you. definitely i have and use coated steel for plenty of stuff (eggs suck in seasoned cast iron imo)
will probably switch to lodge enameled when my green pan bites it
you're overplaying your hand. more people are becoming counter semitic. anyways, your ass is muted for now,
needs to get its deeds done. trump is and has always been a loser
hes trying to do better
why it gotta end like that
today's the perfect day to step up and let know you've got her back. wish tourette's during first debate.
seconds thoughts on this one. how would anyone even tell?
you're right i know a few people who are worse
this sums me up (from a week ago)
just in case you forgot, tomorrow is the best day ever (season 13 premiere of greys). you're welcome. rt to save a life
i haven't even finished season 9 yet
i've never had white castle and i never will. amen.
them chicken rings good though
does anybody believe this black man was actually reading a book!?
he cary the "book"in a holster strapped to his leg ... wtf ???
"the unforgiven"* by metallica is pretty much foh in a musical nutshell. *bluegrass 'tribute' is
but how can i complain
tell me what you think after
good ass movie i don't like how it ended tho
expect the unexpected i fersure thought paul was going to win!!!
i thought he was going to win too! like good for nicole, but wtf!
i brought up that picture &amp; thought about the face you made to copy it earlier in class &amp; i just died all over again
dude lol seriously the scariest picture i've seen in my life
played the other one that was free a month or two back. i might get that sometime it looks crazy good on ps4
haha thats what prolly got me back into 2k i haven't played 2k since 14 except for the free 16 for like a month on psn plus
i need to stop wanting you.
"cocaine is a hell of a drug"
we have lost a great account today.
moment of silence
obama and kerry advocated for a military intervention back in 2013, remember?
to kill assad who was killing his own people. and.....
i'm so conflicted with this season
i think this season it just to dreary. thought it was going to be more rousing as hotel but its so not. disappointed so far lol
you said i could call you a fucking idiot because of 1a. that's not accurate.
sure it is, there's no impending doom.
mitt romney didn't show his tax return until september 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by harry r! a bad messenger for estab!
today is september 21. where are your taxes?
just booked a hair appointment for the first time since 2013 and i'm dyeing it rose gold and i'm cutting it all off and i'm scared
i am so fucking pumped for this
right, let's vote for the man stealing from charities .
note: the satirical trump (). you want to save your anger &amp; disgust for
october 9th
same! haha i'll see if there is anyway they can give us the other game as well!
one thing you can't walk back: telling someone you have a term sheet when you don't
what if the term sheet is 10 on 5 pre, 3x participating, $100k diligence fee, 15% mandatory annual interest, 3 tranches?
honestly honestly honestly idk why people talk so bad about hartnell like honestly they offer some pretty good opportunities (atleast 4 me)
like in the cohort im in they all gave us $500 and next week they're giving us ipads to keep
he's in my daily rotation thats how i know brody lmao real nigga shit cant deny that
son, his mixtape is pure fire. i hated his voice at first but after a while i just was like "he too nice moe"
pastors: the has a lunch date with and 's vicki evans. ....
great, but what's with the ugly dogs?
the juxtaposition
fuck. o f f.
god damn.. they replied in 0.2 seconds
why don't i get these exclusive pics
*talking to lc about boys* "yeah he tells me everything i wanna hear so i kinda want him to ignore me for a day to piss me off" i'm crazy
he's ignoring me and now i'm pissed
nicole was unbearable after . now that she won i can't even imagine her snobbery.
at least she wont need her fans for income lol
plz call animal control i am being attacked by a vicious feral cat
looks like a ritual "you are asleep but i am awake and cuddly" technique
hotel bars are the worst. doubly so during a tech industry trade show.
could be worse. they're not bankers.
so it seems it's been well received and i'm the only person who hasn't seen it!
you &amp; me! ca arts council meeting in slo for first time in 40 years. just arrived back home. so tomorrow
you going to sign up for cbs all access for yet another top ... err over the top?
i guess i have to. i cancelled the live feeds half way through it was so bad.
tried a little bit of a pot brownie and while i'm a bit high,i don't get the big deal about it.
edibles aren't for everyone. i, for one, am not a huge fan.
trump scares ppl who dont want work,criminals &amp;crooks!yr profile says u love sleep,dreams abt sleep! after november get real job!
trump attracts tools like you who think they have something useful to say, when in reality ur posts are l...
should probably mention this also has 30 gold my nintendo points since those don't negate from the discount
thanks for this, i was on the fence whether to redeem for warioland 3, these free gold points seal the deal!
every face attribute is full... and i'm still a heel!?
don't you know those are now all heel traits and have been since the attitude era
showed idiocracy to my dad and he said "not far off!!" in proud dad joke voice like 11 times
your dad sounds like a is he single?
yes, and thats why johnson won't get 18%. but he'll get more than 4.
gary johnson got 0.99% in 2012
apple music has a wider selection !!! plus spotify premium sometimes bitches out and won't let u stream offline
thank you for explain i appreciate it
that means i gotta take the bart
i'm worth it, let's be honest
trump's breitbart 'altright' in-house neo-nazi knight steve bannon is laying low. don't be fooled. he's fanning the chorus of online hatred.
don't forget trump's bought a veritable nest of hitler &amp; goebbels disciples. the anti-semites online are excited &amp;...
apple music has a wider selection !!! plus spotify premium sometimes bitches out and won't let u stream offline
thank u for explaining i appreciate it
i swear i thought the same thing
sorry guys i forgot to tell you lol
hahaha wrong cookies tho you had to put loft house sugar cookies
peep your poll tho barely anyone is going for those cookies anyways
hahshaha that's not gonna help you when you get fired for liking dick.
would never happen. whoever gets to enjoy my dick while in private would never result in my fire.
partially b/c it's humiliating to get stuck and have no path forward but not for *good* reasons, just bad ones like "the doc writer was lazy
a close second, and tightly linked, is a "guide" that gives you "practical" examples without also explaining how to solve problems
happy birthday pretty girl hope u had a good one
ur the sweetest thank you bbgirl!
had a lot of fun talking about abm tonight with .
congrats on winning the panel via - it may be raise time. just saying.
that is why the apology was made. and then addressed the delayed flight. *vi
to answer your previous question- yes, it was delayed due to chicago weather. what we didnt appreciate....
reevaluation he's not hot but i still love my manssss in a jersey second of all no fuck off
he is ugly .. very
why do teenage mutant ninja turtles wear eye masks, theyre the only giant turtles in the world.
they are the only ones who wear masks in order to be more easily identified.
when you want to make a flip of a flip &gt;
a flip of a flopped flip? bleep blop bleep?
do you guys flush immediately after you finish pooping b4 you start wiping yo ass,so the smell doesn't permeate and fill the entire area?
or do ya just bask in that (lit.) shit?!?!
p.s. doing folsom this weekend?
one of these days i want to make it to folsom. it sounds amazing.
89-year-old who returned to work after his daughter died and his grandsons were left in his care receives help:...
-there is some justice in this world after all!
the new home button is weird
it's the best part
the 14 th is probably one of the most clearest amendments
reading it, and studying it are two different thing. sorry, such is not the case.
can you believe someone created this? all i can create is emails.
amazing that you created that
"yo pick up, i want to be a gilf/ggilf" -
better find an adding with a jawline to continue
a close second, and tightly linked, is a "guide" that gives you "practical" examples without also explaining how to solve problems
just showing a thing that does a thing is awful. *why* that thing? how did you arrive at the design? how can i arrive at designs?
and he has a son who is set to take over.
lol good imaginary lord,you're talking like just one man can undermine 330 million americans
weak. if you have a cable plan you should get it free... i pay a shit ton to for cable/internet now more to ?
eh, it's only like 6 bucks a month for only 2 months.
still waiting to learn how you could get in trouble for sending krystle pix she asked for.
by her distribution of such.
i need to stop staying up so late sinning
u and me both friend
your dad sounds like a is he single?
no he's married to the game
r.i.p to the old tyrese - to old habits, old surroundings, old approaches to getting things...
i know you will get things done.god has blessed you with extraordinary will be fine faith and patience.
that is why the apology was made. and then addressed the delayed flight. *vi
my friend left something on the plane &amp; quicklh realized it after she left the restroom next to the gate. they refused to help her...
really glad i finally got to meet irl
the one the only!
lmfao i live on the j line, you live on the l train that's why you have 2 in your name
chill i'm on the 7 train u live on the j line bc of daddy jc
hahaha well shit probly most of your friends choose nuggets because you told them too
ion have friends tho
do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning.
why don't you be a man, and focus on anything not related to smearing secretary clinton. try running on your own merritt.
best gif of the year! this is my house!
yesss felix! the win really makes the blue jays fans thing sting less. come onnn m's
how crazy is it when i drive in especially when i visit my family in the south. i don't think about a ticket i think i might be killed
not the we should be living in today
????another reason why i hated middle &amp; elementary school
this is every conversation i have ever had w every male i went to middle school with
it's the feedback not strong enough? did you pick option 3?
i quickly moved up to 3, but idk.
barring catastrophe, i'll be there!
no catastrophes!
i always think the same thing !! it doesn't make sense
honestly it's so cool, i just want someone to explain it to me ya know??
i haven't changed it since highschool cause it's still true.... hahaha
haha still true.
it's the feedback not strong enough? did you pick option 3?
i'll totally get used to it
the uber driver let us plug our phone in for music and i've never been more satisfied
chloe.. 98% have an aux what have u been doing
for some reason native vids on twitter isnt working for me. anyways just wanted to lyk there will be a new video la...
video is exporting - still wednesday here in cali :)
it's just brit swearing a lot about 10 minutes after kickoff
still want in...make it happen crain!
lol the first season yes. the rest sucks balls
i gotta check that first season
new finished pic i did,commissioned by with his character. also featuring 's hekar and my oc paul...
haha! light weight! :p
yeah it's his own fault he lost but i just hate nicole. this was a lose lose situation for me
yeah but paul was ultimately the driving force behind the hate for james and nat so its fine by me
"8 episodes and a good cry"
more like 8 cries and one good episode
what if i like edm, bluegrass, 80s goth goofiness, dolly parton and tity boi?
you are lower 30's. but let's be real. bluegrass is not your edm.
millennials under 26: obamacare? what's that? i'm on my dad's insurance
yes!!! anyone who got to stay on their parents' insurance can stfu.
apparently i wasnt acknowledge being there at all last year
y'all ditched me in the haunted house get outta here
this from a guy that writes dystopian science fiction
for the record, finds it odd that people view his work as dystopian
that is why the apology was made. and then addressed the delayed flight. *vi
they refused to check if the fa saw her belonging. they simply brushed her off. few experienced a lot of issues.
i like littlefoot but also paul williams
maybe j.b. fletcher?
fuck yes, victor is definitely the most deserving of america's favorite, he's been such a pleasure
he was my favorite. i would have loved to see him win the game. he was so entertaining on the live feeds.
bottom 4 layers osi, used to be
very cool! does your research also specialize in these? most of my work is with , particularly with
millennials under 26: obamacare? what's that? i'm on my dad's insurance
if you're in texas, make sure to follow !!!
i spent my childhood rejecting grateful dead because i was a punk, and rebelling against santa cruz hippies. but "american beauty." folks.
i was indifferent to them, but steve silberman and david gans helped me see the light.
praying this pump give me full tank for 16 bucks again
it did again from empty and last time this shit lasted a little over 2 weeks
"history is a race between education and catastrophe." h g wells
"history is written by the victors". attributed to nicolo machiavelli.
camping soon where ... and you and your camping dude i swear
dude i wanna go hiking too ever since last year but all of my friends hate me
. looking for the brazen thief in this video. this happened in busy strip mall near google hq. story...
-thus guy will be caught! thousands will see the video!
"101 monochrome mazes" was first game i played on pc. only game that ran on ibm monochr display.
so, i can't make this run on the dosbox emulator that internet archive run (i really, really tried.)
/voice/signal investigating using for prev subjects supervise many projects
pleased to make your acquaintance!
today's the perfect day to step up &amp; let know you've got her back. wish abject remorse during first debate.
today's the ideal day to step up &amp; let know you've got her back-wish nixonian flop sweat during 1st debate.
absolutely. 1. america founded on christian values. fact islam is duty bound 2 kill us
do you know conservatives brains are different than liberals. they are more fearful.
yeah. watch the others if you like the first and tell me what you think lol
lol alright bros
thanks, michael.
my pleasure, jackie. i have seen you many times but not in a volatile situation like that. you sounded unscripted, natural!
dude i can't breathe lmao!!!!!!!!
i couldn't stop copying the face lol i was dying that was so funny
i dont get how my eco pass i got from school works? it says that u pay $11 to ride the buses for free but i wasn't asked to pay
do i have to reload $11 onto the card?
i'm an old, not sure i agree. edm = hall &amp; oates
i hear you but i don't think you are reaching for the binkie after a sick dulcimer solo
you have to seethis robby mook meltdown to believe it. wow!even crew shocked at his cluelessness!
that is funny...what the hell is hillary gonna throw at him?
that is why the apology was made. and then addressed the delayed flight. *vi
they refused to check if any of crew saw her stuff. they simply brushed her off and lied.
this is unreal! thank you
like it congrata
late night bacon truck for the cast &amp; crew of , thanks to the good folks at !
flash cast vrs of this out of it?
doesn't help when jeff tried to shade nat in front of him, but he wasn't having it lol
yeah james is out of the house now he dont have to take no ones shit lol
just showing a thing that does a thing is awful. *why* that thing? how did you arrive at the design? how can i arrive at designs?
this absence of useful explanations makes learning a tool feel insurmountably difficult and is very demoralizing
ten reasons not to leave new york, ever:
i have been planning to leave la for ny ... well i think this article helped me choose what city i want to live in!
who doesn't like goodies! this made my day
awesome! perks of being a proud :)
saaaame people have complimented my band tees and inside i'm so happy but i'll just be like "thanks"
literally my life
lmao it has some scary moments i guess
nah wtf ate barb?!
nike just made sneakers that can lace themselves
back to the future!
i love everything u write tbh
don't kiss ass to your twin. you're practically the same person
tell me again that gop isn't racist?
"all persons born or naturalized in the united states" think about it. then study territorial
i really don't understand how day thinks paul was just an entertainer?
i can understand why she couldn't see his gameplay because she was out the game for nearly 2 months relying on 2nd hand info
my mom said she misses you
i miss her too my favorite
ahhhh yeah crazy ending they killed my man sharif &amp; caine smh. have you seen south central?
no! what's that about?
there goes my budget...oh wait i hate coffee
same. i haven't had a cup of coffee in years. btw, did you get your 7 plus yet? it's excellent. i love the speed + home button.
tell me again that gop isn't racist?
jurisdiction, equal protection, plessy v. ferguson (1896), plyer v. doe (1982). absolutely fascinating.
i would've voted paul but i knew nat would vote nic bc she's been saying lately that nic's playing the best game
i think james would of voted nicole but he was probably worried about nat lol
if you don't know george soros, and you think you have something smart to tweet about , get a clue:
soros has financed nearly all the bloodshed in the world in the last 25+ y now he finances black lifes matter it's f scary !!!
i wonder if ever needs a drag queen valet or manager for any of their charity events. asking for a friend.
might be something we'd like to have some day! have your friend dm me ;-)
trump cheats and pays 0 taxes. it's probably true. we know his charity is illegal...trump's stupid excuses on taxes
-trump is probably flat broke and doesn't want anyone to know, least of all his family.
twitter archives suck shit they delete your tweets after like 6 months
they write them down on paper and float them out to sea
i see you made it. i knew you would feel that way. taught me to watch how i move so my past doesn't ruin my future.
yeah very true. i just lowkey wish things caught up to odog instead of caine
i wanna know her name tho
im not gonna blow up her spot sheesh melissa
kick &amp; beat a white homeless man. these people are sick. blm are terrorists. ...
happened in dc and people looking for two items of clothes this piece of shit had on,he's cooked.
if you tape your fists in wrestling this will happen if your opponent walks in to them.
hacksaw jim duggan and irwin r. schister baby!
i really love somebody but for right now it's me time and honestly the best choice for me atm
you gotta better yourself before you think of someone else
please, bring that around my neck of the woods, can't wait to throw down with you baboons.
we americans kill fascists. sure you want to call in that wager wingnut?
we cannot forget the political powerhouse that is elect-ivire.
shock the vote
why i love la
stop copying me
the daily show - bill clinton - hillary clinton and the changing politic...
skip to about half way through
no sleep for the wolf
for this girl
don't forget trump's bought a veritable nest of hitler &amp; goebbels disciples. the anti-semites online are excited &amp;...
trump won't denounce his anti-semitic fans. he wants them to keep trolling his critics, while his son igor dreams of zyklon b &amp; skittles.
you're a fucking moron
and i respect you for stating how you feel. let it out. it's healthy.
my nieces love
theyre cute
really?bernie had gd plan ha?never had w2 form until 40 years old! i need rich president who dont need taxpayers $$ on vacation!
dickhead, a rich potus wud not give two shits for anyone else. all he wud do is make sure he and other .0001% keep stealing all $$
i should not enter bb at ceotaku lol
you should do it best way to learn
oweee you got alot to see, ill dm you a list of good hood movies
you a real one
thanks for moderating the panel tonight. you were brilliant as always.
i got to interview an amazing set of groundbreaker. it was awesome.
i just noticed this! i wonder if any other mechanical zoo folks have been on there. (
oh hello! &lt;3 weller wes51 and pinboard. curious how 's influence has changed in the intervening 5 years :)
i know! when it fails, they just say "you didn't have enough faith."
they took norman cousins' book and ran w/ it, so now it's ok to blame the patient.
maybe you should inform yourself better, because this has been widely reported on.
actually, article has no supporting links, so its just this guy's hearsay.
trump will propose nationwide stop-and-frisk to address violence in black community 2nite on hannity:
he is the stupidest idiot.
u realize we had a survivor style vote prior to ur invite, yes? so close. if just 1 person flipped...
wait is dean the leader? this is gonna be easier than i thought. see you sunday boys.
if your last name were ''whitehead'' you'd change it too right?
definitely. who could ever endure a lifetime of terrible, terrible jokes likening you to acne? it would just never end.
whatttttt?!?!
i been trynna cut u off but u never leave me alone
no, it was because obama lied about the sarin gas attacks, which were done by the rebels, not the assad govt.
no, it was due to assad's barrel bombs
please, bring that around my neck of the woods, can't wait to throw down with you baboons.
and as a military man, surely you know our armed forces are almost half black &amp; brown folks.
like how do y'all know specifically what color i'm wearing?! i said i'm wearing dolce k, why tf would i lie?! this ain't a game
lol perpetuating petty shit cause they got nothing better to do
so good to have back!
one of my favorite comedy shows!
hell if you're lucky i might even ball out on extra packets of dipping sauces of your choosing .
omg you're so dreamy so i can have like 4 different sauces?!
ios 10 made this for me &amp; i thought it was cute
send me that first pic !
sorry about what happened hopefully we can play again sometime!
no worries at all dude
yeah dude they're like telling me shit i'm like wtf ??!!!!
yeah they call it like a mache-something i'm like what
then you should know better.
i clearly rubbed the wrong nerve with you and others. good :-) night..
no lol he ran a red and i let off so i never saw him after ):
what a bitch lmao if i ever see him ima tell him "hey i heard u lost to this clean ass evo" loool
being friends with jacob is all fun &amp; games until he is savage af with you, or exposes you
don't worry, i have ultimate roast material against him.
to everyone not replying to me singing bullet for my valentine on snapchat right now, fuck you all.
what am i chopped liver
when your heart feels heavy...what do you do?
for real i hit the gym and blast my ears so loud i can't hear myself complain.
i think james started to see the real nicole from his commit last night. then paul told him nicole
maybe but if he kew what pauls done i would busted both keys lol
i have. you're legal analysis is laughably wrong.
have you. explain it. explain native american indians gaining citizenship, then quickly speak of
the trump campaign released a statement that applauded donald trump jr. for speaking "the truth."...
-no one else would, since their is little evidence that trump jr speaks the truth.
i was trying so hard not to die in class &amp; get us kicked out earlier lmao!!
you were like crying holding that shit in
wow so many hair haters. ha. jk. all good y'all. i'm happy and that's all that matters.
like the hair cut
omg someone pls remind me to get a scantron in the morning like pls pls pls
set a reminder on your phone, that's what i always do!
i think men universally have a difference experience than women. they get support for their justified weakness.
now that i'm tipsy and see the retweet, i meant different but you get it. i love love!
you guys need to take a trip to tallahassee soon. fsu needs your soul and beautiful music! it would be amazing to see you live
yes! we really want to!
i'm laying in your bed rn tho so explain yaself
lmao why u lying
you made this possible! 100s of devs competing building on
super-fave! that was just a tiny sample...
ohhhh, dress shopping &lt;3
total fail! i might just use unless you have any suggestions? want to go shopping?
are you threatening to shoot cops?
listen fat girl. do you want an answer from me?
haha love tiesto thank you
youre welcome have fun!
oh yeah,you'll find where the silent majority resides soon enough. sick of your lies and your "projection", bring it.
we white folks are going to be the minority. you have nothing to fear because america isn't racist right? :-)
yes it does, interested in using them for etc.. forgot
very cool! i would like to know more about your ! will spend some time on your webpage tomorrow :) pretty late here tonight!
new influencer category: southern food/bluegrass eats/trailer rave/corecore
dammit corecore is already a thing i quit i don't want your free product anyway.
looking for a laravel developer for some contract work here in sydney. if anyone knows of a developer looking for some work, please let the...
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
have you. explain it. explain native american indians gaining citizenship, then quickly speak of
explain territory, governance of territory, and naturalization. i don't beleive you're more scholarly
who ya seein?
glass animals in portland
people quote their tweets and say rt, why?
bc why does it matter?
yes it does, interested in using them for etc.. forgot
fyi the linkedin symbol on your webpage takes me to the linkedin login page instead of your profile
but if you're feeling like a patriot, i'll be at 1160 e 55th street in hyde park at 10p in 9/24. run up. get done up.
*they just angrily open another box of cheez-its*
thank you to all fans of speechless we appreciate you!
you were great! i love speechless!
we summited proof to pakistan/usa/uk/australia/russia/china that's why he was declared a intl. terrorist
can u send me that video of masood azhar which u sent b4
things get weird with him no matter what t b h he has 0 chill
this entire route is just jumin : let me love you and own you forever me: okay but think about your cat though jumin
if i were the leader, you've chosen an interesting strategy to charm and win me over.
lol at brit waking up to a million notifications. and his reaction when he sees me in the skype group.
yeah, man. uecker is one thing but vin is another. always great to hear from you.
are you in green bay or madison? i forget. i owe myself a visit soon. maybe fur a big 10 game. but not this week unfortunately
have you. explain it. explain native american indians gaining citizenship, then quickly speak of
than constitutional lawyers working on this issue. blahahaha
why are you offended?
no im just stating the obvious rt
can a white person be offended by another white person laughing at a black person's use of the n word in politics?
i found the whole spectacle deplorable, including the placing hands segment on
are you threatening to shoot cops?
you're high on baked goods. what is it cookies?
today we need and rest of show crew
i miss all of you!!! we need you so much.
make america great again at your next tailgate.
hey trump, go fuck yourself!
2016 has been the year of horrible hangovers for me
it's cause we're getting old viejita
i was thisclose to tagging you in this but i thought it more organic if you just saw it. *mission accomplished*
oh wait the other thing but it's late and wednesday so whatever.
whoever made this nailed it
two kinds of leaders
well here you go have at it
read the legal of dailykos and you might not view the publication in the same manner.
a couple songs on that tape go crazy bro, you gotta peep it
i'm listening to it right now fam. bruh i haven't heard dude since like 08 or something and he ain't lose a step
victor says paul made a mistake by taking nicole over james to the final 2. he says he doesn't understand his thought process on that.
paul's a good man. won't sell out. ourboy's principles worth more than 500k .
what's a trump flag? pic
blue flag says trump on it make america great again etc i'll show u tomorrow
holy smokes prices are up like 50% now! :(
wait there's bbq in pnw?
i haven't found someone worthy enough yet
lmao even with you guys though, i'm so damn weird
i would never watch a video from you.
ask somebody who cares. mind your own business.
nyc was hit with terrorism islamists are in the country
he was an american citizen that was radicalized. yes they are here and your hate breeds more hate.
pretty! what's it smell like?
trees and grasses around that spot
check this out!
ya those conversions are pretty cool!
they gonna shoot you with their arsenal of guns.
he's the white kid who brought out the gun when he got jumped by black guys lol
i know you cant its more or less they twist everything that goes on in those situations
wait i'm confused what are they twisting?
one interesting thing i learned about archaeology is that it's possible that the construction of the pyramids may have started a revolution
ie. there's discussion about evidence that the pyramids came right at the end of the old kingdom. (egyptologists are free to correct me)
yes yes yes
aw yeah! you gotta come!
still waiting for iphone lol
zimperium zips zips with blackberry good/bes integration
: not again.
should i move closer to the airport for a better test?
wayne are you drunk again
fuck &lt;-- you actually i don't drink.
ohh i may well come to the la one! :)
come on down !
lmaooooo i laughed soooo hard! idec about the warriors and i laughed so hard
lol it was definitely funny
three biopics in one picture
4th one can definitely be made. not sure about the 5th.
i'm asking for em bitch wasgood run them ones
nobody's running anything tmmrw lol except to school when you needa get to class
this is how it begins
so the mayans were four years off? lol
we had to leave goose behind. a wild spirit. cant be tamed. but beautiful. u goose
well i'm disappointed that goose is not currently sitting in the van serving as the official tour goose. but nex time.
idk why everyone is like so heartbroken about brangelina lol i've been team rachel greene this whole time
me too but man i feel bad for her now cuz the media be blowing up her shit over the divorce and she's prob like fuck outta here
ie. there's discussion about evidence that the pyramids came right at the end of the old kingdom. (egyptologists are free to correct me)
seems to me someone turned to someone else and said, (aren't these giant tombs a massive waste of time and money?)
wait...someone assaulted kevin johnson with a pie?
hopefully dressed up like this!
vet or not, let him act on his "emotion".
i certainly hope he, all the oppressed, do so in the name of freedom.
..... terrorist organization
i'm offering blacks $400,000 to stop rioting and to vote
i still think about when that happened and i so wish to relive the moment it was so authentic and genius
it is the punniest fun i've ever made
i asked her what happened &amp; she was honest which took a hell of a lot of integrity.i both respect it &amp; want to reward it as well as eat her.
i'm sorry to hear about your loss and hopefully he comes back soon. fingers and paws crossed
oh shit i remember. i'm sure they'd love any reaction. that's why they posted their sign.
well i'm just gonnna write on a poster trump has a baby dick
sounds like you hate your white skin, i'd hate myself if i were you as well.
sounds like you love it too much. glad something loves you
i'm listening to it right now fam. bruh i haven't heard dude since like 08 or something and he ain't lose a step
all night go bruh
dude i don't even know who you are
you're a real piece of work
normally a 6 but for sure a 10 while duck facing
actually true for you but i feel like every sorority girl really feels like this
lucky for me and everybody else tagged i don't give two shits what you believe.
lucy you are, indeed. on a serious note... absolutely fascinating to refresh and follow law developments
1/ feel the need to shine a spotlight one of my all time favorite star wars eu stories. original marvel run, issues...
and both issues are up on ! time for a reread!
i don't think i'll ever be able to top it tbh
no one ever will
u and the 60+ demographic can collectively fellate kiefer. i'm good w/ hbo, amc, netflix, fx, showtime, etc
omg i sat in the same room for about a month watching the entire series, even had the phone ringer on my cell haha
a really inspiring session on great storytelling. thank you for sharing
my pleasure. you were a great and engaging crowd. ;)
finally got around to watching the burberry fw17 show. what i will say is that...the hype was...a lot...for nothing.
loved the cool asymmetry of these shearling coats.
yea i could of done without that snapchat
what do you have to say omar?
i am very sorry please file a claim with the baggage office. - andre
i've already left from airport, could you tell me how to claim this? as picture shows, my flight was as838 to oak.
no video available where is your proof that god doesn't exist? big bang means the universe had a beginning, what caused it?
dude seriously? gods are so made up and you've never seen a limb grow back.
sing toto at the top of my lungs with ? check.
. woah! the encore for our last tour was "rosanna" by toto.. i think that means toto pretty much rules the kingdom
i see freeway overpasses under construction, seemingly leading to nowhere, and i'm like apparently i don't get caltrans' larger ~*~vision~*~
do you remember during the entire 80s and 90s when they were working on the 5 by disneyland???
these same people are the ones who passed around the birther shit of course....
pic is tacky.
in the name of a lie.
freedom. it's so liberating...particularly when it comes from drawing the blood of the arrogant
trump opposes president obama's plan to surrender american internet control to foreign powers
ted cruz prasied trump for this
no, i never gave it a thought until pos like you told "them" the white man hates 'em. funny how they fell for it.
it's true. and you and i both know it
really makes ya think.
we think; they obviously don't. what basket do we put them in?
legslavish is currently (urgently) looking for a webmaster. paid role. can be based anywhere.please get in touch to apply. thanks xx
submit your details here:
i worked democratic campaigns for a long time.....i can't unsee it!
unsee what?
and the clinton foundation?
clinton foundation: optics bad rabblebabble (well it does save lives) trump foundation:realities bad. next?
definitely better than last season. i hated hotel so much.
dude i just can't tie together the satanic cult and hospital white girls
loved the cool asymmetry of these shearling coats.
really thought the detailing on these sweaters were interesting. was into it.
im just in such a happy mood today i love it
this just makes me so happy what the hell you're so precious i hope you're protected at all costs
i thought he proposed in your dreams?? are you lying about this?!?!
i dont remeber the whole proposal part but im guessing that cuz we already knew we were meant to get married
and they were top three for afp!!
yes james and natalie first couple to be in top 3 for
hopefully @.@ just tell him you got party planning stuff to do lol
okay good! that's what i've been doing plus being like dude you gotta find the cat though
seriously, you guys need to watch luv
what is that?
t-mobile is down since 01:19 am est rt if it's down for you as well
back up now but t-mobile ceo told att(co-govt.) to take a hike &amp; for many reasons we don't know but i respectit
my serious face ....
enjoy the city
ima handle you and he go handle carol tf lmao
he not handling nobody
: not again.
i got out of bed just to troll you a little bit more. couldn't find an ethernet cable, just laptop wifi.
okay but this is the best mask ever especially if you're a dry bitch like me.
:o my crusty ass wants a sample plz &lt;3
it's getting worse each day... not sure how to solve it without people screaming "free speech" though.
they're trash people but versed in voicing their racism within twitters tos
okay right tho i was like im still genuinely worried about elizabeth get your shit together
lolololol right. man it's always the quiet ones.
it's wednesday, witches!!
--- missed the first episode!!!
ladies with boyfriends that love soccer and stuff, say goodbye to them for a good 8 months cause fifa 17 comes out the 27th
playing the journey and still somehow texting ale
i only hate leftist slimeballs and their ignorant street maggots, regardless of color.
we gave you civilization, buddy. show some respect
i wore my tee on a panel &amp; well-meaning white ppl whispered support to me all day. stop whispering. s...
i have that t
really thought the detailing on these sweaters were interesting. was into it.
and i thought this sweater was the single best item in the entire collection.
and that's a wrap folks! feeds for bb18 have ended. after show interviews with james, paul + nicole tomorrow. out!
thank you for making a horrible season great, as only you can! can't thank you enough for all your hard work!
the same pple calling protsters thugs have no problem with whites rioting over sports events
nor do they admit that blacks are not the only people protesting! the narrative is blacks r the only 1's!
i will be blocking everybody who says finns aren't white
jews aren't white :)
bicycle helmets reduce risk of serious head injury by nearly 70%, study finds
more would cycle if no mand. helmet? if more ppl wld drive w/o mandatory seat belts, wld you scrap those?
tomorrow you can call central baggage at 1-877-815-8253 they open at 8 am. they can take a claim over the phone.- andre
i'll call the number, thank you.
some people are so damn quick to judge and they don't even know 1/8 of the story
there i @ you like you asked
i think learning do you wanna build a snow man on the guitar real nice
fatai version though
i got better things to worry about thas why
ouuuuccchhhhhhh
just schedule it for when you go to sleep
no i don't want to update my phone at all
psychologists call this "projecting."
this is awesome! can you add that clinton foundation has an a charity rating?? great job!!
because oghs only team that can beat me
hey thats my team hahaha i named all my pokemon after og people
looking for senior engineer to help us create awesome digital alchemy!
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
hey what the heck happy birthday aly raisman! love you i hope it was great!!!
lol you dork!!! i love you so much i hope to one day become her!
and i thought this sweater was the single best item in the entire collection.
that's about it though. and out of a 141 look collection, that's kind of disappointing. so much of felt it like a retread.
so many tears... buying a self portrait is funny. accepting 25 million dollars from a country that stones women to death.... isn't
trump does business in saudi.makes $ for himself(or russians who own him) cf saves lives. which use is better?
trump won't denounce his anti-semitic fans. he wants them to keep trolling his critics, while his son igor dreams of zyklon b &amp; skittles.
ivana said trump(drumpf) kept hitler's speeches by his bed. he learned the art of the big lie from the master....
charlotte nc riots based on ignorance rather than fact. he exited the car with a gun not a book u bunch of idiots.
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
breaking: madonna is listening to 'confessions on a dance floor' at 2 am
madonna listening to madonna at 2 am is the most content i've ever seen on social media.
we gave you civilization, buddy. show some respect
i have a black wife and two black boys. either racism dies...or we extinguish all racists. that is the choice
protester killed as riots continue in charlotte
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
you don't trust a man who was mayor of charlotte for 15 years with no riots to respond hmmm? bias much?
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
there was no book charlotte police:warned suspect 2drop gun before shooting which triggered riots, hurt 16 officers
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
president obama's failure to speak about the riots "is a testament to his lack of leadership." rudy giuliani on
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
rudy giuliani showing tremendous leadership re riots. where is ? probably in the wh eating popcorn &amp; watching the violence.
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
ramsey's hamstrings always seem to take an age to get better
way too much scar tissues on his hamstring thats why he keeps injuring it
ur not the only one
wait you were my genuine best friend when we played softball together. but then i stopped playing softball
i'm mad they played it g ma on i've been on that song! ask around...
ayyyy that's the jam! we definitely knew about it years ago lol
these imbecile protestors in charlotte really killed one of their own in the riots. good job, you retards. keep it up.
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
three words: my uncle vinny!!!!!
!!! right?! ! have you read no place to hide ?
nice! i always try to imagine what pictures smell like. part of why i enjoy going places. i can acquire olfactory ambiance.
the trick in sf is generally: * the higher up you go the better it smells * the better it smells the worse the allergies
oklahoma shooting seems more disturbing than north carolina shooting, but the riots are in the swing state. coincidence?
--- we may not be on the same page, sometimes, girl, but i have your back. . . speak!
president has his top people working overtime tonight, finding a white person to blame the charlotte riots on.
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
the 'legacy' advantage? right...
i'm sure it will have a lasting legacy on the show.
violence, riots in charlotte! one dead by fellow protester- cnn reporter tackled on air! via
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
im so old i remember when we just called them leads
yeah but what was the going price of the glengarries in 1999?
shots fired. riots kick off in charlotte
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
i have a black wife and two black boys. either racism dies...or we extinguish all racists. that is the choice
a final solution
media successfully spark more riots, even though no one is sure what really happened in charlotte...
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
charlotte riots night 2: one shot as protests turn violent, police unleash tear-gas, flash-bangs - live feed
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
i simply can't watch more protest coverage. i find it exploiting and detrimental. i'm sorry. coverage too shallow for solutions...
went to sleep early. just woke up to this. state of emergency? i'm catching up.
if this is legal, they should change the law
its not but its easy to lie to get out of it. they can say they were going to raffle it off,etc.lots of loopholes
riots, violence in charlotte after shooting
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
north carolina used to be a calm southern state and now we have riots in charlotte, clowns everywhere, and gas nowhere to be found
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
congratulations on winning free passes for in a tweetchat with . dm us your contact details to...
congratulations to the winners.
oh you're a constitutional lawyer now?
i report to some. to be forthcoming, participating in think tanks brings me joy and some advantages.
they're trash people but versed in voicing their racism within twitters tos
it helps that twitter doesn't punish them even when they do violate the tos.
as your mayor, i will ban in the area. if we disrupt their communications, the riots will b...
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
you can't talk for natalie. and every person votes the way they want. seriously it's been 16 years..
im not talking for her..she is the one who said she would vote for a girl no matter what!
let me show up in some bomb ass lingerie and have no sexy dance moves a waste
odeeee facts lmaoo where's your moves at
police officers have been targeted again. 12 injured last night in charlotte. not sure what these riots accomplish
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
[video] riots continue on i-85 in charlotte, as rioters have blocked traffic, looted trucks, and burned the cargo f...
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
about to invest in some sleeping pills.
2/10 of a milligram to 5 milligrams of melatonin pills an hour before you want to sleep should do it.
my verizon data "usage" has skyrocketed over the past two months for no clear reason. something shady is going on.
yup they've been gouging me for months now. taking my last free device upgrade and switching to
again you are at the top of your game, saw oyu a couple times today, didn't want bother with a introduction -
bother, bother!!!
i dont wanna third wheel
then take someone duhh
charlotte police say 12 officers injured during ongoing riots; 1 officer hit in face with rock update -...
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
sorry, no free handouts for animals.
darn, i was about to send you one because you are a pig.
the album is pretty good
yea i agree.
live video: cnn reporter hit by rioters.
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
its not legal. more importantly this proves trump is broke. tiny purchases for a supposed billionaire
i agree. a broke cheapskate and con artist. almost certainly has very little cash on hand
big thanks to all the live feed tweeters - old &amp; new!
thanks to you for all the updates! i enjoyed them along with all the others this year and appreciate all your hard work!
a young freedom-fighter takes reparations from his oppressor.
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
ok then can deliver some persian food to me
i'll bring it straight from persia cause i'm the prince of persia
on , mayor giuliani criticized ' lack of response to the violence erupting in .
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
state of emergency called after second night of unrest in , north carolina
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
hold it down is solid too
honest this whole tape sound like a grown version of his fly.u shit &amp; i fucks with it. top to bottom. shout out apple music
governor calling in the national guard? this sounds all too familiar.. sending love to protestors out there in tonight.
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
update: second night of unrest flares in , north carolina
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
whoever egged my house last night, we got you on camera. confess now or we'll report you to the police, simple as that
update: found out who did it; they did it bc they thought i spread a lil secret of theirs out smh yall fucking lame lil pussy ass bitches
update: protesters are blocking outbound lanes on the i-277 in
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
i can think of few reasons google rolled their own stuff vs. partnering up
me too :) just questioning the merits from an ecosystem long-term sustainability standpoint.
you animals will simply never take responsibility for your own savagery, will you?
another self-appointed thrower of feces
oh boy, this is not increasing your already minimal chances to get a skype invite.
i'm not going anywhere, dean...if that's even your real name.
watch this: rioter body slams reporter to the ground on live tv.
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
protesters hold up books to symbolize controversy in shooting in . watch live:...
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
ding. ding. ding. times-up. okay earl, what movie is it?
: shaft or serpico would have been the correct answer. both use the cafe as a back drop in a scene.
my trust is so messed up i feel like everyone is playing me
whos fucking with your feelings. let's go fuck em up
ya u should be fine if u avoid the answers like "u need therapy" or "lock me up daddy"
yes i'm being very rational lol. he just devolved so quickly into crazy town i was like oh shit we got a crazy man over here
god, yes. i can't decide to keep using, or looking at or just give up.
it's so easy to game a hashtag, twitter needs a better (google-like) approach to surfacing relevant content
right that's why liberals simply offer their heads by bowing before islam? stupid logic nathan
article written by a neuroscientist actually conducted a study using ct brain scans. fear is very powerful, hitler used it
ima need you to increase that data plan
i'm working on it
what happened
lol just standard jumin fair - i think i am still on the good route, he just got hella crazy hella fast.
update: found out who did it; they did it bc they thought i spread a lil secret of theirs out smh yall fucking lame lil pussy ass bitches
didn't say nothin about ur lil secret, so maybe u should check who u be telling i would @ but i'll be grown. just watch urselves lmfao
article written by a neuroscientist actually conducted a study using ct brain scans. fear is very powerful, hitler used it
in germany.
american horror story is scary af rn
thank god i ain't watch it alone. lmao. imma watch it in the day time.
have a biiiig break between scenes. you know what that means!
i can't wait until chelse discovers what chole did to adam newman . i want to see chelse explode with anger
thank god i ain't watch it alone. lmao. imma watch it in the day time.
no dude don't all my lights are on and i'm only looking up occasionally lmao
me looking at all these other relatively normal well adjusted characters: no, i want that one
i honestly just really wanna play seven so i want to beat this so i can get theere.
it's also highly offensive and racist and from same people who brought you birtherism
going to bed. feel free to review past thread. or, let's resume another time. night.
your black messiah has been in power for 8 yrs. only he is to blame for his shitty leadership.
and your white fuhrer will never get near the oval office.
sure did. follow
done! thanks for the recommendation m!
the moon looks cool..
aye lil bro i'm bout to hit you up
me looking at all these other relatively normal well adjusted characters: no, i want that one
that being said though this is a nice and romantic cg
i'm too asleep to be funny right now. you should make multiple ones. also it's funnier to insult them directly but subtlety
ok true text me tomorrow lol
(1/2) please read: wanted to announce a piece of personal news - these will be my last weeks covering stanford for...
said it on the board already, but good luck andy, you'll be missed. hope if we make an nc you'll be there!
uh it is 12am why is my ex texting me ?
"high 5" so mean
where are you
finished 61
it helps that twitter doesn't punish them even when they do violate the tos.
agreed, twitter are lazy and do basically nothing to help solve the problem. do we create another network? or?
after three years i've decided to leave google. i'm excited to announce i'm joining the awesome folks over at !
cool, good luck dude! when did it get renamed from tonic?
yo chem was lit af back in highschool
least fav class i've ever taken
. and we wonder why people don't follow our infosec advice: sure it's a no no but i think it's gonna be okay :)
summarized by cookie dough?
watch the all-new, full episode "skank hunt" for free
this is gonna be good
will be when leftist pos bite off a little too much.
you're kind once had a use i suppose. now you're just a noisy, backward irritant to progress. or a disease really
if you love black licorice, here is a reminder that it can kill you. i was hospitalised with this.
that's incredible. i had absolutely no idea. glad you're okay. the more you know.
are we in the mercury retrograde??? this could explain a lot.
yeah we are!! since aug. 30th!!
the winner.
thank you for all the updates all season! i really appreciate all your hard work and love reading your updates!
that doesnt mean anything to me i watched it a year ago
greedisland start and gon is like"i'm so lucky to havemet you!" and killua is like"no... i'm the one who is.... great full"
past of tulsa cop who killed terrence crutcher under scrutiny. her husband, aslo a cop, was in the chopper:
do you think they have a shared view of what "a bad dude" looks like?
not far enough
you cry a lot pussy
kevin owens defends his wwe universal championship against seth rollins. who will prevail at ?
seth rollins!
please send code samples to jobs.com ;-)
time to update hello dolly!
. being moslem is not a race.
i was referring to people w black and brown skin.
your black messiah has been in power for 8 yrs. only he is to blame for his shitty leadership.
1. that black messiah will go into history as the best president ever, esp considering...
photos released by venezuela's opposition show newborns in cardboard boxes inside a hospital
isn't socialism great?
im always surprised to hear when certain people have anxiety issues
its definitely a suprise when some people you never thought would have it, do. but its definitely nothing to take lightly
your black messiah has been in power for 8 yrs. only he is to blame for his shitty leadership.
2. ...the treasonous opposition from the gop given him from day zero
i honestly have no idea what's happening anymore.
well said. i'm scared. i feel like i'm in the 50's
many blacks choose not to live by the poor standards of their "victimized" culture. they are the liberated ones
my wife is black and a doctor. has given over $85k to blm, more to dems. all her friends have given, too. you're clueless
so if i'm not apart of yca im a stranger to the music scene? fuck all that noise. for real for real.
i was never apart of it either. anyone who holds up that as important only dealt with a portion of chicago hip hop.
the fact that i found the best taco truck onthe way home from the gym is a metaphor for my life
i think it was andy warhol said that in the future everyone will own a taco truck.
money always been there for me. told it to a dude i was dating &amp; he got upset bc it wasnt him?? but here i am &amp; guess who here......not him lmao
i hate to advocate a mentality like this, but dont count on anyone to make sure you eat. people may stop makin sure youre good. money wont.
yes i enjoy this one, i will even forgive their artists inability to draw necks and jawlines
this is the best one for jumin i have seen so far. the rest i have just been like oooo that's unfortunate
im always surprised to hear when certain people have anxiety issues
ive struggled with it since i was 7 and im almost 23. the fact that im told its an excuse is so outa line
everybody on twitter somehow has a phd in relationships
*dude thinks they something profound about girls* *friend quotes tweet* "facts bruh"
that's not even his song, it's just a cover.....
yes i know......... but it's beautiful and all that matters is that it's him singing ....so yeeeaaaaaaa
we've talked about it - we'll keep you posted on any final word!
any timeframe we may know? curious as per it was said to be included in jims vip
everybody on twitter somehow has a phd in relationships
*dude thinks he said something profound about girls* *friend quotes tweet* "facts bruh"
any feedback?
illustrations are , story was concise, to the point but maybe you could have summed it up w/ a real life example (1/2)
well, time will tell nogstradamus.
i heard el chapo's gang is digging under 5th avenue as we type, and gonna give him a columbian necktie and throw him off ph
im so confused i thought u were talking about amv drama but ya thats jumin
omg you replied to my earlier tweet lol i just assumed with your icon sorrrrry
im so confused i thought u were talking about amv drama but ya thats jumin
amv wise nothing really just drama on the quality of pro reviews being written and the critiques being rude
i don't even know...
that a girl.
honestly, the mayor bloodied a pie thrower...at a damn high school fundraiser... to applause after from the high $ audience. pathetic.
disgusting! i was shocked that he opened for clinton when she spoke in sacto. could his reputation be worse?
projection again, typical of the racist white leftist who thinks a black wife shields him from his racist condescension
it's been fun. totally not allowing you nuts to govern this country as you're not worthy of it (and hate government) cheers
the fact that my fantasy qb puts this much effort into instagram posts tells me he's ready for greatness this year.
glad he's on my team. he's all i got.
his tiny hands in zen's route. why.
he and kaze are cousins obviously
thanks and others for the great feedback on my storytelling session for . stories aren't just for marketers!
you bet! thanks again for being so dedicated
say what you mean, sweetheart.
you're in the basket i guess.
my best friends freshmen year were 5th year seniors/coterms but i see the freshmen now and they are infants.. i feel so old all the time
they look 12. 12!!!!!!!! and sound 12
don't read spoilers. if you do, you won't wanna watch anymore.
no fun huh! i'm sorry for spoilers. i purposely stayed off social media for that reason!
what color choose 2
green and chrome (silver?)
yes i do!! i used google sheets last time, it's just that the fees confused the shit out of me last time and the timing of when-
i asked people for payments was weird because of the fees and whatnot....
i guess she got those votes out of pity, or cause paul is an arrogant douche. either way, the show is over/dead. won't watch again.
don't blame you tbh. most disappointing winner ever.
illustrations are , story was concise, to the point but maybe you could have summed it up w/ a real life example (1/2)
for ex, this is how x person practiced y skill daily. also, the share/patron pop up at the end is incredibly well done
do you remember hitler? one man can be incredibly powerful and persuasive...
but we have learned from the hitler experience. we would never tolerate that
oh wait. is hollywood cheating on aunt vi? say it aint so.
can i be honest? i saw that coming in the parking lot. i love aunt vi but she is no fool.
many friends are mds, phds and black. they grew up poor, worked hard and made no excuses. this embarrasses them.
it shouldn't. they didn't create white racism.
funny cuz i was talking to this girl the other day and was like "we must be in mercury retrograde cuz this communication is off"
i feel you, same here!!!! it's crazy how difficult things can get during that period of time! good thing it ends tomorrow
true, it's so easy to forget that those conditions are the minority
argentina taught me enough to never trust central bankers, ever.
me too man. idea still not completely gone might after school or later in life.
yeah i would in a heart beat but i got i got some other things i need to focus on.
i never knew. i assumed it was a/the "thing" &amp; all its "stuff."
what thing, and what stuff are you referring to
um i said hot. not ugly. please learn how to read
you said hot and i'm hot but you also said friend....which is a stretch from you worshipping me from afar and me allowing you to
hold it down is solid too
literally just got to hold it down and i heard that baseline and the messy choir sample and my face...
best president? is your comment a joke? try the worst ever
pfft, worst was raygun. no room at the bottom of the list.
expose them
im trying to be grown. stop
the united states is changing.
and by changing, i believe that america is evidencing the promise of itself!
i feel like i have been low key in love with since 13 going on 30 came out and i decided that i needed a matty in my life.
all the ladies i know were all over helmsworth. i'm like "i'm more of a banner girl"...
an all wheel drive ...on a v6, fca? for snow states, maybe i can see. maybe.
but if they'd do awd hellcat it would be like an american 911 turbo. !
me too man. idea still not completely gone might after school or later in life.
yeah i would in a heart beat, but i got some things that need my focus.
of course! :d :d :d
hey it's two of the reddest people at pace. (ps berto she got a bf so u better watch urself. he'll frick u up!)
breaking news: gunfire killed a man in charlotte on the second night of protests over a fatal police shooting
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
hollywood is probably up to no good when he's in baton rouge! bet that!
in the previews. i saw it in the parking lot and so did viv! him.
many friends are mds, phds and black. they grew up poor, worked hard and made no excuses. this embarrasses them.
always been accomdationist blacks (king, obama). there is a new spirit now. key to americas evolution in my view
rally for charlotte shooting at nc a&amp;t
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
honestly decided to patreon because of this tweet. need more people who know what life is like!!
haha thanks so much mate. there's some good stuff on the feed already. thought this sadly no pizza or speed. yet...
today is a super busy day for me, i get a package with a nerf gun from amazon, addressed to "ltroyalshrimp". who sent it?
i'm just going to bring the crossbow that my boss gave me home, because i literally never use it in the office and it's sweet
this tribal seems a lot better lit than previous ones. guess they wanted to capture jessica's eye infection in all its glory.
tribal council is always lit.
keith scott shooting: charlotte police say they warned him to drop gun
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
state of emergency declared after protests in charlotte over police shooting
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
situational ethics help us all get through the night.
there are those who still cling to the antique single standard/
how is it possible that fucking fresno has two boston markets and we don't have one? how. how is this possible. the devil is behind this.
we are now planning a road trip to fresno. because fuck this, we won't let satan win.
yeah because i miss you
i can never stay mad at you
. has declared state of emergency after unrest in stemming from the officer-involved shooti...
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
i wish you have the balls to reply, do you approve the documentary "saudi arabia uncovered"?
i am here watching it with foreigns and your boo boo is making me look bad akhi?
top 5 goat shirt
a photo has never captured my true self more
yeah you do for sure man. i'm still figuring all my shit out. if i haven't soon it's a good reason to go.
yeah we all got things to figure out forsure.
hold it down is solid too
so.... like.... when your tape droppin?
one person shot, killed as charlotte protests continue
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
is that even possible?!
like when u feel disproportionate is what i'm getting at haha
i had never heard of it before either. for me, it was just a &lt;1 oz box of sugar-free pastilles a day. but over time...
wow even small doses over time eh? i'm suddenly skeptical of all my treat foods
a new protest is happening tonight in charlotte, nc, after the death of keith lamont scott in a shooting by police
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
im just trynna wear my cute ass winter boots ok and then california hits us with the summer forever temperature
dw its practically that time of season...
not book: man killed by cop was armed with gun - police chief ...
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
it's official, school will be the death of me...
stop getting all those extra masters and ph.d.'s!
that trends graph is misleading. steady over 12months, flattening from peak 12+y ago, well before mariadb.
more trends ;-)
kudos to her and her success. but her money would be better used elsewhere. ideally, not supporting a hate group.
blm is all love. love of freedom and justice....by any means necessary. it's so beautiful. so sacred. so energizing
charlotte police shooting victim was armed with a gun, not a book, chief says -
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
and shorter compile, test (feedback) cycles are such a huge time and money saver.
not to mention, isolation of changes
charlotte police chief vows transparency in fatal shooting, says weapon was seized at scene, no book found - wsoc
to the rioters in charlotte north carolina $400,000 each to vote for
the perfect wife
wife her up already
i could have done without the annoying ass noises in between
i actually enjoyed the emphasis they added lol
yeah, opinion polling doesn't agree with you here. at all.
well, you poll taken in the luftwaffe office does not count.
i hate to advocate a mentality like this, but dont count on anyone to make sure you eat. people may stop makin sure youre good. money wont.
this is so negative &amp; depressing!!!!!!! 2am twitter why are you doing this to me why did i take a 6 hour nap
i'm crying; okada chillout is so intensely lit tbh
listening to these frosh sing pop songs is like live action kidz bop
the ' 2016 dream is both dead and alive. the paradox of modern ball after a big loss. via
i love this team win or lose... i thank them for bringing three ws to my city...there will be more even years!
i'm gonna let you finish but adventures in babysitting is a genius film and one of the best of our generation
i was confused bc adventures in babysitting is an awesome film, but it's from my generation...
i hate you right now
well that's rude...
see billie joe armstrong's first leading film role in 'ordinary world' trailer:
enjoy our &amp; 7
yes, i just checked it myself :) handled it rather gracefully, i must say!
what did you actually say?
limited characters...don't judge.
mind your own biscuits amirite?
thank you sir!!!
thank you! &amp; no sir or gentlemen things needed-only 1 real gentleman-we're all working on things right?
you never realize how much useless shit you have till you have to box it up and move .
sounds like you need to have a tag sale
i'm gonna let you finish but adventures in babysitting is a genius film and one of the best of our generation
...but then i realised you were talking about the remake.
this shipping container housing developer's early project: a "village of 18 geodesic domes on a downtown parking lo...
la project was led by , no connection that i know of to proj
when are we ever not trialed?
i was speaking of triality (unity) consciousness but, true. the world's trials are actually what shift me back into duality.
what is up with this trash service ????!?
better put me on with an iphone 7 before i leave
this election has little to do w/ hillary clinton. it's about trump &amp; the unique threat his election poses to the future of all americans.
you're belittling hillary. the election has everything to do with electing a qualified president. trump is a rancid footnote.
have you turned your imessage off in your settings? you should be able to send them texts after that
yeah i tried that. i still can't receive texts
lol i'm well aware tommy. since when am i a red head???
yooo i meant raddest.!!!
the death of hitchhiking is a modern tragedy &lt; my main form of transport once. loved the randomness.
my dad used to pick up hitch hikers and give them a ride as far as we were going the same direction. they were always interesting.
that's what happens when i have nothing to do lol
i feel your pain, i'm glad my tweets are entertaining tho
i was a iron man girl myself until banner popped up in avengers &amp; loki popped up in thor
i'd personally take any of them... or all of them. whatevs.
whenever y'all hit me with some fire production you know i'm down to work
yo .... we out or? haha when y'all free?
im weak
some people may say it's fake still
whose all going to twitchcon!
will there be a live stream
john kerry proposes grounding aircraft in syria in last-ditch effort to save cease-fire deal
if usa stops funding isis the war for a greater israel would be over.
the kind of lying b.s. that got black men lynched back in the day. the mob is as few as 1 now, with a hair-trigger....
this is also what lawyer says. so staring and "a look" thats not "normal" is grounds for murder
stop rubbing it in that you've seen them win a championship.......i'm still waiting...........
like saying i saw halley's comet. nobody really believes, it's been so long.
best part is that he's so salty about it. hates all the other hg's.
yeah he said hes only gonna hang with victor and glenn
every time i take my shirt off and bend down
that's why i'm happy high waisted things exist. keeps the gut in check
terry collins had a ton of help from bob geren. he was a very underrated part of the staff. great advisor, voice for terry.
i always thought that the rise this year was related to addition of geren on the bench. wish he stayed w the
'we' don't even know its happening. most people are detrimentally uninformed
in order for any person to have that kind of power, he needs to be lected
who does website design? contact me, as soon as possible.
we have good experience in website design/development. our portfolio: email: leads.com
currently thinking of more ideas.
"my name is alex" right above your butt
i am here watching it with foreigns and your boo boo is making me look bad akhi?
i'm a fan but this is beyond bullshit, you were celebrating saudi national day few hours ago when you're wife talking crab on netflix
the charlotte police shooting that hasn't gone away
he's a women and child beater who pulled a gun a cop. he got what was coming
the entourage are hiring a senior web developer here in sydney. lamp dev with solid api skills. flexibility and freedom to be awesome $ + :)
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send your details to leads.com
'we' don't even know its happening. most people are detrimentally uninformed
and we have a constitution.. that limits everyone's powers
i need a faster response for my homework send me the answer
smh you in trouble if you can't find perimeter
btw - nicole's outfit?
must be a midwest thing?...
way to rip my heart out of my chest. jesus christ.
i know, i'm a horrible person
true. don't let the sect mentality of chicago hip hop dampen your spirit. be you
quite a few of those cats saying that were never involved in shit themselves. i said it. prove me wrong.
you think tolerance fixes it? i am merely interacting with them to correct behavior..they won't listen
understanding maybe. we have been at war for too many years. how many civilians in the middle east have we killed.
sounds exactly what banks are already doing. when it's done: "a shinier squared wheel."
i've been looking for a metaphor that good for a while. thanks!
fasho lol....thought u went fancy and flipped that word..bu i feel u
i'm still pretty fancy though..
can i know why everytime the workers at starbucks drive thru have so much sass??? i just want my iced tea girl chill
they're nice to me
hb axperssss
merci axpers
fans of a certain age just had a flashback to pendleton's hr off mcdowell
amidst the agita you add... this lol
measure outcomes - how affordable is the city? how do we measure it?
what metrics &amp; goals would you propose? eg ratio of 25%ile/median incomes to rents &amp; prices
happy birthday ! i love you biiiih. turn up twice as hard tonight
lmao u already know
still doesnt explain why white liberals don't live in segegrated black neighborhoods.
nice straw man argument you got there. my next door neighbors now &amp; when i was a kid were black.
'we' don't even know its happening. most people are detrimentally uninformed
these conspiracies aren't aligned with our constitutional form of government
in any case, it's that's hurting hrc, not gary, who gets equal votes from ds and rs.
and my appeal to endorse hrc goes to her too. i don't think either are pulling many votes from djt.
ran 4.03 mi with nike+ run club
nice!! hoping to make one in the next couple of weeks
i meant to say 12 but i'm half dead sorry kou
its kay im dead rn too
tweeting about me?
how'd you know?
i hate it when people have cheap ass toy looking plungers..
my mom agreed with this
donald trump's tax cuts would cause deficit to explode, report says
would only benefit rich and big business
i am here watching it with foreigns and your boo boo is making me look bad akhi?
i'm a fan but this is beyond bullshit, you were celebrating saudi national day few hours ago while your wife talking crab on netflix
real shit, when they can't find anything wrong with you they create it.
i think i retweet you literally every single day.
'we' don't even know its happening. most people are detrimentally uninformed
no matter how dramatic the idea, no one can seize all power in our nation
i agree. freedom is beautiful. but the only oppressors of blacks are blacks and a culture of victimization. that is not sacred.
racism and discrimination shapes culture- for blacks &amp; whites. both locked in a terrible cycle of abuse. time to break it.
bruh wtf sharkkkbaitt
i'm about to retire
had a very good day &amp; i'm feeling fine so i guess i'll wind down w/ a chill relaxing movie how about man on fire that's good pre-bed stuff.
that is a dark film sir
i like the show for it's historical accuracy, people are forgetting that he isn't the protagonist/someone who should be patronized
i think it's because kno one really knew he was holdin down columbia either. the people of columbia actually liked him
tomorrow is the 12 year anniversary of oceanic 815 crashing on a mysterious island, followed by 7 years of "but srsly who are the others?"
i love this. thank you for reminding us
where did you get that shirt??
(no, this is real and not a drill)
'we' don't even know its happening. most people are detrimentally uninformed
the founding fathers made sure of that when they divided power in 3 branches
each line has a different preferred interpretation based on agreement patterns, it's really cute.
huh. interesting
umm - i'm in the midwest, i can tell you it's not. lol
lol.. ha.. i'm in calif and haven't seen anything like it... just a guess lol
just look away. it was sound advice for madison bumgarner on monday. it applied all night wednesday in la, too.
tell madbum to ignore puig.. getting the "w" and another ring is the best way to piss off your rival!
our great city of is closely connected to by and
enjoy our single featuring of
what is everybody's favorite tv trope? i've avoided the rabbit hole for a long time but i think i'm ready.
favorite trope? mine is the lovable, deadbeat neighbor who won't leave the main character's home but is also their best friend.
i could use some milk and honey right now
no way you'll fart too much
dear , please hire to write a new comic about her being an investigative journalist. thx
hah! thanks kelly. you know i would!
the mets will wake up tomorrow morning no worse than tied for a wild card spot in the national league. it could be worse.
problem is it could have been much much better...
huh. interesting
good thing i didn't tweet something snarky about machine translation :x
dear friends i am looking forward for the amazing team from jharhand that is visiting america the land...
in us sunday for
karlas heart grew 3x bigger that day:)
i probably was 2 seconds away from crying
not sure what you mean. bernie is one of the best journalists in this town.
so why has he tagged you here?
i can't believe apparently kylo canonically doesn't know what happened to anakin in the end who decided to conveniently leave that info out
how was that not lesson number 1 in luke's jedi school
this gif is me.
same tho anytime i try to buy something :')
peace sister hope u are good
i'm dealing. praying for protection over you and all my brothers.
shit dropbox me some beats, i'll start writing. i'll send you back some rough vocals real quick.
what type you lookin for?
argentina: home to the majority of latin america's tech unicorns "there is a rebel spirit in argentina,"
gotta thank all those italian &amp; spanish anarchists escaping europe a century ago.
shit dropbox me some beats, i'll start writing. i'll send you back some rough vocals real quick.
want an ep exclusively produced by the come up? lol
how was that not lesson number 1 in luke's jedi school
(that being said luke skywalker has never done anything wrong in his entire life i know this and i love him)
agreed. no easy answer. rioting isn't it, though. it only deepens the divide (as it did in the 90s).
perhaps division is needed to fully liberate america. i don't fear discord. it shapes people and nations. always has, always will
didn't think seating chart would be this difficult.
just toss up in the air and have them land where they want.
sorry unlocked 264 is late, but it's an awesome hour talking firewatch on xbox with creators &amp; !...
woohoo, i loved firewatch!
do i follow any app developers?
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app. our pf email to leads.com
my dear, these people have found ways to be above the constitution. those ways are dollars.
what's this cynical world we live in? i'm certain that no one person can seize all power
classes of don't rape don't work..
hate breeds hate. if it weren't for our love of oil &amp; $$. we wouldn't be talking about this.
you got balls fam but where's the video?
bruh shit was wild ill record next time let me get it down first
hello, please is there any app developer on here i can talk to? thanks
we build apps remotely! our portfolio let's talk :) email to leads.com (212) 209 1537
okay it's about educational equality
educational equality doesn't exist in 2016. the whole system is rigged from application to course content to post grad market
for any t-mobile users, are you having problems with ya phone or nawww? if it's just mine.. bruh
it's a nationwide outage
tbt to when i used bannedstory to make my ideal character
tbt to mmvs
if you know any ios developers looking for a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity in nyc, contact today. resum info.com
we build apps remotely! our portfolio let's talk :) email to leads.com (212) 209 1537
first day of school at pomona tomorrow but i don't have class thursdays
yay!! have a good semester!
mobilize or perish
i read it as their being 'organizationally infertile' at first and it still made some sense.
how i feel every time u tell me to trust your driving
i b on some other shit when i drive
there is no such thing as a muslim that doesn't want any one else not a muslim dead
muslims get killed too. why do you think they come here.
maybe if they yell at you enough you'll make one appear out of thin air
i swear that was these girls mindset like i was supposed to call up the warehouse and have them ship some out lol
if nobody sees a race issue... is there really a race issue?
serious q, do you genuinely believe that all people are treated completely equal and that no race/religion faces oppression?
best of wives &amp; best of women! i'll miss you so much for the next month but i'm so proud of you!!...
i miss you already thank you for being my fave lady and wifey forever i'll miss my partner in climb every day!!
real skaters record all of their tricks
youre right fuck i gotta record my progress
this is the first time i'm extra full and bloated and i barely even ate today
and i'm self conscious because i'm sleeping over at my boyfriends house and i don't want him to touch my tummy
i saw the preview for next week...nooooooo pleeeze hollywood not creeping!!!! i cant!
yep! i knew it in the parking lot.
perhaps division is needed to fully liberate america. i don't fear discord. it shapes people and nations. always has, always will
the patience of blacks- particularly the young- has grown thin. i'd prefer america not become like israel. sure you would as well
did it stop obama from executing executive orders unconstitutionally? nooe
executive orders are constitutional. the president does have that power
we have come to : don king endorsing don trump (fiction)
i wish we had one of those hot tub time machines or some way to get back and stop all of this
tbt to dad's lectures on how pointless nx cash was ):
tbt to when u would buy so much for hair coupons
i'm down! what time??
whenever your free!
p convinced none of the actors in xoxo have partaken of the substances they are portraying
wait is this about the conference or something else
cool, good luck dude! when did it get renamed from tonic?
thanks devon! about a week ago :)
sometimes it's kinda hard to stand alone. and it's refreshing to see that i'm not alone! keep up the good fight!
amen "refreshing" propels &amp; each continuing 2 do things based on truth=cycle let's not forget our whole beings
im not saying i did it first or invented this shit or did it better...but......
everyone laughed when i wore skinny ripped jeans, would bleach my own black shirts back in the day.
did it stop obama from executing executive orders unconstitutionally? nooe
and his orders were challenged in scotus some were upheld, some not. checks &amp; balances.
i never have service anymore wtf at&amp;t
dude did you update your phone cuz my phone is doing the same shit
did u know- all whites are devils! i'm a huge lebron fan- all whites are devils! he's so big &amp; strong- all whites are devils! ok, good talk
this is what happens after being banned once and shaddowbanned 6 times. this is for talking about bl...
i cant believe all the hate in america sometimes and how scared of everything people are. thats all trump
great article i know you would appreciate it. explains trump's rise.
we are currently looking for sales reps &amp; developers! flexible hours and ability to work remotely.
we have close to 20yrs of experience in websites, web apps and mobile apps. get quote -
someone needs to realize that i'm fucking fantastic and just date me already
i used to say that, and then i just decided to get on my own hype maybe this will help...
are you uh writing to prisoners now? are they charging you? dm me immediately if this is true
he is only a prisoner in his man body but because of existentialism not because he is wolf
did it stop obama from executing executive orders unconstitutionally? nooe
a president can issue any exec order he wants and they all can be challenged
ivana said trump(drumpf) kept hitler's speeches by his bed. he learned the art of the big lie from the master....
daddy's little lieutenant keeps the white supremacist retweets flowing.
nevada city to become nation's first free zone:
the people raising hell over this in nevada city are patriots &amp; true americans. of course the article attempts to dismiss
everyone laughed when i wore skinny ripped jeans, would bleach my own black shirts back in the day.
its just trips me out how simple shit like that that caught people's attention years after.
i can't keep the hashtags straight anymore. god help us. no other civilized country kills its citizens like this.
police in america kill first, ask questions later.
i agree with this but it's tricky
people would still have to pay for nicer houses/apartments but basic simple housing should be available to all. i think
i need to see a new fighting game come out already. i want to read new complaints. sfv sucks, kof too hard, smash is not fg, marvel dead. =p
come play blazblue the game is really fun
atheists are not intellectual.
you'd be nothing without atheism. at least you're not milking the flock selling jesus.
did it stop obama from executing executive orders unconstitutionally? nooe
the next president can rescind exec orders from the previous prez
i know everyone's saying they wouldn't have vote james over paul but i feel like james could have beat nicole still.
natalie said if james was in final 2 the vote would have been 8-1. said jury loves james.. not sure if thats true, but..
i have an idea but i need a team back &amp; front end developer mobile app developer any one interested?
we have a team of passionate developers who are expertise in building apps for both ios &amp; android.
sometimes it's kinda hard to articulate what im to get across to my friends/family, without me looking at them like thier crazy.
ya it's not easy to have the right message concisely spoken to get key-clear point across but we can do it w/help
i mean not really. i don't see any mass genocides unless you want to talk about the jews in ww2
there has to be a mass genocide in order for a group of people to be considered oppressed?
just did a puppy scene with pig hole and spunk lube with pup friends including . omg pictures coming. i'm still sticky
just another reason i love
fuck yes, when though?
sometime soon for sure lol
another progressive who can't decide whether the gop has "no ideas" or *terrifying ideas that have to be stopped*.
wow... this is embarrassing logic cc
check out this book i finished reading, "disrupted: my misadventure in the..." by dan lyons:
how was this? i like that book cover
my grandma is in a helicopter to a hospital. i'm not ready for this.
sending positive thoughts
actually they are more reality based &amp; able to discern between reality-fantasy
read this too sensitive to fear.
or the screen shot
yeah post it ! i fw it
ya know jeff was kind of a dick to both james &amp; nat. almost like he's worried him and jordan might get overshadowed
yeah i saw that
finally, a slogan about cops i can get behind.
not sure this helps ish
it could be you :)
enjoy our fabulous &amp; our with our 7 befriend us on !
t-mobile probably having best quarter in history, service down, my bet they added more subscriber than network can handle $tmus
anyway, service or no service i have 7 accounts and surely not going anywhere for as long as running the show! $tmus
how was this? i like that book cover
is my twitter bio working too hard? be honest
seeking skilled mobile app developer. please direct message a link to your resume/portfolio
from native android, ios apps to cross-platform apps, our developers incorporate the latest technology to build the perfect app
dude, these aren't conspiracies, just do some legitimate research
prez wbush rescinded several exec orders prez clinton signed on his last day
thanks, potentially in future but not for this particular position unfortunately
ok. thanks for your reply.
"the white album" is my favorite beatles record and you can never convince me otherwise.
the "bad" songs on this record are so so so good.
is monmouth coffee still one of the better cups in london? new/better spots to try?
when i go back, is always noteable and excellent, as is . they both have a few central locations now.
i'm exhausted but my brain will not shut off
listen to j cole that'll put u right to sleep
how can we make football safer? read the commissioner's letter.
stand up for our flag that's how!! fuck the nfl!
the ny times isis correspondent tweeted that "sham" is a word used by jihadists to describe syria/iraq. how problematic and wrong is that?
i don't understand that at all.
secret wedding
best man in the world that is
that's great. i've never had a bad time in sf
folsom st fair is sunday.
in response to a great question !
. yes --- the best questions make the best stories.
might be my new favorite show.
yup, i am intrigued.
i need a mobile app that tells me whether the drive thru line at cook out is too long or not before i go there.
we build apps remotely! our portfolio let's talk :) email to leads.com (212) 209 1537
amen "refreshing" propels &amp; each continuing 2 do things based on truth=cycle let's not forget our whole beings
this has helped me w/everything in life to even do basic things better &amp; grow in work-skills etc: hebrews9:13-17
practice talking for hours while sounding super intelligent and passionate and open while not actually saying what you do or how
well, the trick when not talking to practitioners is to frame the answer but not actually answer. details can be confusing.
you're halfway there you look as bomb as her so
thanks bby
my fav part of the day is when i come home tired af &amp; see that none of these punk ass boys cleaned up after themselves :)))))
lol. best feeling in the world.
yet he told paulie that he thought him and z might last...
smdh maybe he thinks his jobs in jeapardy its the show now baby lol
here's a fun game, count how many times at least 1 contestant uses marscapone cheese in the dessert round, the resu...
for a show that grades on creativity, i'm shocked that the judges don't dock 'em some points for this, it's almost every single episode
for those of you who check out designated survivor tonight i hope you enjoy it as much as we did making it.
loved the premiere! especially seeing you wear a sweatshirt!
we need your support to get to the white house and defeat . let's make america great again!
- name calling should be left to the sandbox.
this has helped me w/everything in life to even do basic things better &amp; grow in work-skills etc: hebrews9:13-17
want anyone to teach me about what key things are being said in: hebrews9:13-17 i'm sure get something i've missed
sometimes i pussy out of wearing certain outfits that i'm not ready for when in reality, it's the world that isn't ready.
of course the world isn't ready for such a beauty like yourself. but then again, the whole universe isn't ready either.
no such thing as a home wrecker. if ur man goes with another female, ur man wrecked ur home, not the female.
alv lol the snake slithers hahahah
oh i didn't think he was a dick at all
nah he wasnt but he was kind of one sided about their relationship
i wanted to see them so badly :((
life changing tbh!!!
how soon after you take office will you hand over to the saudi's?
that's a done deal. why do you think she is so desperate?
read this too sensitive to fear.
i live in nyc. lived through 9/11. we don't live in fear. ny,nj bomber captured problem solved.
9/21/16 the solidarity grows: over 1,200 historians, archaeologists, museum directors denounce dapl
also this is dirty fracked fuel just like the keystone xl pipeline!
big thanks to azenith smith ktvu of fox news for finding our campaign, writing an awesome story, and coming out...
happy to help!
happy birthday natt!!
oh my gosh ily babes!!!
the issue lies in the amount of money something like that would require.
it could just be free if we really wanted to end poverty. it could all be so simple
the altar exclusive clear vinyl for pre-order:
put it in my shopping cart, went to check out, and it's sold out... and it comes out on my birthday
dude, these aren't conspiracies, just do some legitimate research
soros is not going to pull a coup d'tat and seize all power that's just absurd
friends that come to shows, never ask for tickets and buy them before even speaking to me. i love you
it's how it should be. that's how you "support". some people will never understand
thanks...kinda new
me 2 henry-terrell glad you're sharing such key things here n there feel free no bad time w/me
who dares me 2 go to an all night diner on my own for a san francisco burg in a joint 35 mins away n then come straight back n go 2 sleep
update. was gd. met woman who has been going to this place every night since 1983. had pickles &amp; everything. thanks...
happy birthday! i hope you have a good day!
thank you sweetheart
wyd in salida tho
my phone tweakin cuz idek where tf that is
update. was gd. met woman who has been going to this place every night since 1983. had pickles &amp; everything. thanks...
now for part 2 of the plan: just got home. bed time. lots of love and thanks for following
first rule of jihad club you don't talk about jihad club they carry out the attacks every else supports them 1 way or
i give up you are too brainwashed sorry. hide under your bed, don't go out.
dude, these aren't conspiracies, just do some legitimate research
anyone who claims soros would ever pull a coup on us &amp; become a dictator is just ridiculous
it goes pretty fast. hardest part was getting siva clumps
did you make it to the top of the mountain? took me an hour.
how elizabeth holmes's house of cards came tumbling down
this article doesn't hold its punches.
what are your ~essential~ 30 rock episodes?
sandwich day, rosemary's baby and double edged sword
freedom is to be alone. to be the one.
ya each of us has 2 bare his own &amp; no one can work on our lives but just like family gives feedback and..
i've only seen pictures of paul, victor and natalie with fans at the party so far lolol
why the heck would she be with paul and victor lol
no idea. i haven't been paying attention to non-hashtag war content tonight.
me neither... i'm clueless.... baffled... bewildered and befuddled...i guess bernie's h...
instead of going for a typical flower bouquet, one bride in pennsylvania decided to go with puppies instead...
did she throw the puppy? tell me she didn't throw the puppy!
can you help us spread the word and create the political will?
is a petition really gong to work?
points for flagging large groups of videos... haha what could go wrong here?!
geez let think... um... everything?
ima finish my neck sleeve after october 8th 20 yrs old neck and chest missing
just call it a turtle neck instead of a neck sleeve
ya each of us has 2 bare his own &amp; no one can work on our lives but just like family gives feedback and..
..encouragement there is some push from others to help stay the course-push each other-challenge each etc!
seriously. as a comedy guy i think you'll like this:
thanks for liking. we are always making new sketches...
here's a draft borough system of the great city of the bay area. or should we call it albio...
wait, why albion, i don't get it?
that's ignorance...
no reality. will never happen. trump is a con artist.
9 funny trail runners you have to follow on twitter! new article with some of their greatest hits:...
i guess it's less funny to tweet about 9am ice cream when you do it everyday
david, he's already running the us. he's paid off dc. he owns our politicians.
lol ok i need you all to please take your anti-psychotics first before you hit twitter.
aside from comfy mattresses, what helps you sleep at night? rt to
knowing my alarm is set
as much as periscope has changed my career and the fact i've done 1500 live streams over the last 18 months......
i'd like to read how much periscope is f'ing up... cannot click on the link. !
for college apps?
what i wanna major in
with the challenges of housing, infrastructure, &amp; sea level rise, we cannot be stuck w/ a 19th century govt system.
technically it's an early 20th-century govt system. because prior to the existence of zoning in 1916, cities would
not together. they were separated taking pictures with fans, at least the ones i saw on ig
oh good id be like oh hell no
technically it's an early 20th-century govt system. because prior to the existence of zoning in 1916, cities would
just annex each other.
ugh you've awoken me from my needed slumber you selfish brat. hope you're rotting in fiery bug hell for this
this is the best
our whole world changed today. we're now a family of four. :) (l: 12/20/2014, the day our oldest was born, r: today...
one solstice baby, one equinox baby!
happy bday to my ugly feller frfr finna keep yo name lit 4eva
junecity sound crazy
even tho you're sitting right next to me. happy birthday bitch! thanks for being the best person in my life. i love...
thanks bish love u!!!!!
lisandro don't though
now i'm sad
right, but don't you think you're exaggerating? pot use at 18 and a fight with boyfriend 23 years ago. thug?
exaggerating when it's white girls crime! not if it was a blacks girls' crime. she's a thug. call it like it is
try me hahha
i wish that bitch would lmao
freedom is to be alone. to be the one.
is powerful sometimes what 1 person can do by themselves though w/true power dedication commitment discpln
oh, they are still trying not to dream of europe, you'll have to excuse.
its looking good right now. time to go international... but not with a permanent down website.
derek, this 'doc malibu' is an la troll afraid to id himself. he wants chargers to move.
i'm on to you bernie. you sly, sly fox you... you're a corrupting influence on everyone around you.
david, he's already running the us. he's paid off dc. he owns our politicians.
clearly, anti-psychotics is not a suggestion from your docs. you need them. please
thoughts on t-mobile outage
i can't believe it's been 2+ hours without service.
click clack bow bow, bow bow bow bow bow i used to rob niggas, that's probably why they try to rob my style
since when were you into 50 cent
i can sleep now. they are together and enjoying life.
yes thats all i needed
i was wondering if anyone would catch that. one of the scenarios -
ah, "solar-powered, self-driving sprawl" &amp; the ! thanks, excellent study. i'm esp interested in imagining..
so are we making a bet on the leg press? i know your making bank and i could use some money when i win. just let me know
incase you're afraid you'll lose, im also alright with a gentlemens bet
it's your birthday stop roasting yourself
can't stop roasting myself when i don't have you to roast me
he got 30 days i took 6 mo learning 2 walk again. thrown from car while
isn't that what seat belts are for. sorry hope you made a full recovery.
thank you
have a good day off lol
lol! thats exactly the reason i felt i needed to explain. i was thinking i was into some hot water otherwise.
hahahahahha that one i got for sure because you always call me that!!
i disagree. in fact some argue gary slightly helps hrc:
hope you're right, but an endorsement from both, even just in swing states, would matter (think about trump picks for scotus...)
expose them
giiiirl dont hype me up im already hella tempted to
any great web developers?
we have good experience in website design/development. our portfolio: email: leads.com
i have a bet with myself that you knew haskell wexler.
i never had the good fortune to meet him but almost did a few times. we had many mutual friends.
did you just say 50 cents
50 cent* and yea isn't that from 50?
end rant. i'm just tired of dudes making a big deal that i play games. yes i play games. the sky is blue. we need oxygen to live.
heh, sometimes the surprise is trying to give you credit.
thanks everyone for a great cast ill be back later tonight with the bday stream.
errmygawwwd happy birthday jimmy jless!
lizzy star left me on read.
uh no i didn't. you said liz and i said yes????????? then you never replied.
do people in europe know about harambe
wtf lmfao
blogger arrested in india's bengal for criticising islam on social media. india wants to be like bangladesh?
issue is there is existing law. bigger question is whether law should be modified.
every goal scored at the is your chance to win! details
score johnny gaudreau !
both queen of jordans
those too obviously
i love this vine and isabelle's original vine so much
thanks bb. it comes from a combination of zero talent mixed with a lot of judgement
.ladies they found us out!
while johnny appleseed was running around planting apple trees....who was planting the penis trees?
tonight on welcomes plus halftime with andy!
we don't want news! we want primetime!
i wanted to tweet tonight but instead i'm tweeting
sitting ducks both won prizes tho, so i take solace in that. time for bed.
ah, "solar-powered, self-driving sprawl" &amp; the ! thanks, excellent study. i'm esp interested in imagining..
..housing forms/systems for those different future mobility scenarios... c/:
issue is there is existing law. bigger question is whether law should be modified.
imo any speech inciting violence should draw the line. anything before that is gray.
theres a thread on the bc about fav neo artists and ahhhhh its so nostalgic bc neopets is the reason i started drawing and a lot of those-
artists from like 2005-2007 like, created me. they're my art parents. neopets is my mom.
also, do what you like most. dont look too deep into salaries and shit. if you enjoy something, do it.
haven't looked into salaries of none of them:(
denying something without first educating yourself on it is plain ignorant, sorry to say it.
yeah, soros is god. he controls the world. ok got it. please, look into abilify or zyprexa
my b-hole is 6-2
wat dat mean?
in search for
we have good experience in website design/development. our portfolio: email: leads.com
tomorrow. (or later today depending on your timezone)
6 hours to render? hope the theory vids help you get a better pc, love your content man! will continue my support &lt;3
here's a draft borough system of the great city of the bay area. or should we call it albio...
henry george, 1868, "what the railroad will bring us"
brought to you by campus habitat. like/share this post to be entered to win a starbucks gift card!
coffee time
check whats impacted at different colleges. different majors may be easier/harder to get into dependinng on the school
i don't think any of them are impacted except for neuroscience and cognitive science at nyy
violence and disrespect breeds hate
yes but the us takes no responsibility. iraq war was based on greed.
lyrical myrical spiritual
dre does all the adlibs lmao
glad im cautious as it never occurred to me your mom (mum?) was about to cut me lol. smartass is a good thing.
it's okay, she's always called me that too ( )
damn went from talking about teen wolf to the big screen! dope
she was enchanting in this
this liberal moron is the mayor of and the reason there's no leadership there. another democrat!...
putin trembles when he sees our leaders.
when you don't know how to comfort that person so you're just like..
why this kinda look like u tho
fox news poll: trump tops clinton in battlegrounds nevada, north carolina, ohio
she's dying lmao
shiiiiit it'd be a blessing. i prefer slower bpm beats, typically jazzy, but recently ive been liking that new wave
i think me and cdot can cook
i live in nyc, holiday in haunted hotels &amp; have taken down attackers. i get freaked out by marriage proposals tho
omg!we hv prpsl thing in cmmn bg time lol.jst bein gst at wddng irritates me.all tht 4ever tlk,who they kddng
this is beautiful, so glad to see you two being so honest about the inspiration, sketches &amp; process!
thank you! it's awesome reading nadieh's thought process and difficult but rewarding to write my own~
i can sleep now. they are together and enjoying life.
at least we know nats mom likes james thanks alot zingbot ya asshole lol
what are you tryna get?
neewer 18" ring light dimmable camera photo/video 75w(equivalent to 600w) fluorescent (light only)
i thought this doesn't happen when you have unlimited?
i tried chat and got 221 minutes of estimated wait time until it closed on me too.
..housing forms/systems for those different future mobility scenarios... c/:
i've been living for some time across multiple, dispersed, makeshift, vehicle, etc dwelling spaces .. ongoing field research!
who's dis b
thepointlessblog from youtube!
i need to find a black dermatologist in nyc
i worked for one in fort greene for years. lemme know if you need the #.
i just published "saying goodbye to joey"
when he went on his own, did he have the small shop a few doors up from 333?
confession: i cannot say "ten". it is the same word as "tin" to me. i am a hillbilly. i am sorry.
same. i just can't hear the difference
anyone on my timeline a website developer or know one familiar with adding special code to squarespace sites?
please give us a call : 212.209.1537 to discuss further about your requirements!
one lucky will get this beautiful laurel bag for ! rt + tag a friend to win!
tagging my mom
wife her up already
i miss you guys.
pls be boot weather tomorrow
gurl max of 71! i'll wear boots with you
then major in whatever you want at each college. tbh since you have to take ge's mainly at first you can switch major later
gracias amigo. appreciate the advice and will def use it :)
urging to remember its past role in denying japan by helping koreans act against japan....
if you want to talk the past, shame back on yourself first
oh i don't think that's her mom lol
well crap lol
god works in mysterious ways. one person walks out of your life &amp; leaves you broken, another comes along &amp; picks up the pieces.
your welcome for picking them up! it's a lot of work
let me know when others show up.
# 3 is here
love my ring light! best thing i ever bought
u buy that brand? i know i can get it. i just have to wait a little cuz 1st of the month is coming
like honestly, you guys should just realize this is 2016 abeg. at least try. this is embarassing.
funny how the six likes are all from women.
goddess is pure art. wtf we live in the same area &amp; our birthdays are close together, it's meant to be
the altar drops on my birthday. there's a limited red vinyl and another white vinyl and i tried buying both and they're sold out
the girl is a whack job that is relentless b/c she is jealous! and tamra that's just low . maybe i should contact simon &amp; sidney!
that megan girl in the tweet before this one is a fake. just ignore it,
same exact hair, same exact spot... the light makes it look like it did in real life
you use iphone camera? black friday i'm gonna get me a pro cam too.
shouldn't you? you have to be up
you is right
its a compliment. i like smartass/sarcastic peeps. also theres that creepy smiley i dont understand again. 0.o
just a creepy smiley
budget wireless mic system under $300 | saramonic wireless lavalier mic system review: via
thanks for this roberto! i've been wanting a wireless solution at an affordable price!!
i'm gonna spam y'all for a bit, but i wanna shout out some people who stayed up until 12am to help start off my special day!
shout out to my sister who called me as soon as the clock struck 12! love you !
there really ain't no point of having people on snapchat i don't talk to or snap because i hardly watch any of your stories
*goes to check if i been deleted* lmao
pushing people (who haven't blatantly wronged you) away in the means of protecting yourself from what you don't know rarely ever works well.
fear of loss of control invites more reasons for what you fear to actually happen.
america had a real president once upon a time! his comments on violent protests.
rr was a con artist.
happpppppppy birthday!
thank's babe.
yeah...definitely not her mom!!!
lol my bad what was i thinking
hey is anyone else having problems with ?? no data? is this a hawaii problem?
whole country
debating on going to this. need to save money, but god damn.
come to the one in oakland dawg
ignore earlier tweet about death of tommy chong: it was apparently bullshit. sorry.
...obviously, not sorry it's wrong or that he's alive, just sorry i fell for it... ;)
lowkey shout out
this is how you know you my girl
fear of loss of control invites more reasons for what you fear to actually happen.
it's so much easier to push problems away than deal with it. i get it.
finally finished writing a 5 page script for 's and i'm proud of it! gonna spend all day recording around la!
excited!! i'm gonna start on mine tomorrow!
twitter got people sayin how they gonna do this or that like the ones who really put in the work. but in reality they ain't bout all that..
people want it the easy way, shortcuts and all. they never wanna sacrifice.
date someone who loves memes just as much as you do
ok creep i c u
hey what are you programming here?
thats a form2 sla 3d printer
trump foundation faces troubling legal, ethical questions via
but and o'reilly will support him him regardless of criminal acts.
it's late...it's been a long season
i know lol im tired ive barely slept the last 3 days worried about these 2 lol
i'm gonna spam y'all for a bit, but i wanna shout out some people who stayed up until 12am to help start off my special day!
shout out to ! i love you best friend! i miss you so much!
it's so much easier to push problems away than deal with it. i get it.
not always the healthiest way, but during havoc we can only think to handle the "food on our plates" in our own convenience.
need shazam for trees
those are ficus. i'm almost positive. need to see a leaf though.
same,no matter the race. twitter is evil- it's training to read headlines (forget details) and then react.
really? who are you to judge ones intelligence? that one only reads headlines.
"progress is on the ballot. tolerance is on the ballot. democracy is on the ballot. justice is on the ballot."
we're relying an awful lot in the ballot when it's a rigged system with only 2 choices..
someone please come take a shit in the pool pleaseeeeee
no rangus allowed
if hillary is elected, and this all comes to fruition, don't say nobody warned yooou
1. hillary will be elected. 2. i have been fully warned. 3. please look into abilify
i hope remembers that what people remember from presidential debates were not the candidates' cogent, rational arguments.
unfortunately, it's impressions that rule in presidential debates. i hope she adapts to the ground she's fighting on.
not always the healthiest way, but during havoc we can only think to handle the "food on our plates" in our own convenience.
when our lives get scattered and we feel as if we're on the brink of devastation, survival mode kicks in.
god's hate though. and it's dumb ass cheap to take a greyhound to la. lol
trill you could prolly take megabus for dumb cheap
i'm gonna spam y'all for a bit, but i wanna shout out some people who stayed up until 12am to help start off my special day!
shout out to the synth buddy/sister ! i love ya felinn!!!
when our lives get scattered and we feel as if we're on the brink of devastation, survival mode kicks in.
empathy pretty much goes out the window. it's "fuck your feelings"; let me just make sure i'm straight dawg.
be thankful you weren't a closer
for once bruh
i'm gonna spam y'all for a bit, but i wanna shout out some people who stayed up until 12am to help start off my special day!
shout out to my cousin and kayla for snapchatting me!!
finally got some fast internet in my apartment
damn have you and decided what to download yet? (and please tell me it's high resolution gifs of puppies)
any php devs who has 2-5 years exp.. contractual nga lang pero sure hire po!
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
can we just talk about how leah blanks is 21 and still doesn't have a drivers license
you don't need a car when you have angel wings.
fighters-hawks still playing. i can't see it, but you can
why can't you?
and by gaming a hashtag you can drive what media talks about tomorrow. clickbait to journalists.
last year i recommended twitter block hashtag spamming ()-it's easy to do
upc, the land owner, can succeed from brisbane &amp; become unincorporated. this is totally plausible.
can upc really secede from brisbane?
empathy pretty much goes out the window. it's "fuck your feelings"; let me just make sure i'm straight dawg.
you're not thinking about trying to save your neighbor's fishing pole you borrowed when your boat's flipped over &amp; you're drowning.
it's also hard to decide what boundary to measure. city limits doesn't inform much.
also have to consider what data are currently or plausibly available.
i'm gonna spam y'all for a bit, but i wanna shout out some people who stayed up until 12am to help start off my special day!
shout out to i fucking love you honey! i cant to see you again !
notice how it's only completely ignorant and violent black people who are defending the . normal blacks are appalled.
wow you are totally nuts. dividing people into good bad. crazy
sam will be the entire show.
must have been tricked again
you're not thinking about trying to save your neighbor's fishing pole you borrowed when your boat's flipped over &amp; you're drowning.
my point; although i've been disappointed by those who've acted outside of the world. i get it..
you sure you wanna know?
just seeing how many chicks lie and are full of themselves. lol
oh stop! dumbocrats becoming more &amp; more ignorant.
how the fuck can you describe yourself as a hippie and back trumpolini? gotta b fucking delusional.
he was a little younger. i can't take him there anymore cause he fucks shit up
omg he's like "there's so many things to touch here"
we have a neighborhoods that need help but all of chicago is not scary
same in nyc. there are some scary neighborhood too.
you're not thinking about trying to save your neighbor's fishing pole you borrowed when your boat's flipped over &amp; you're drowning.
my point; although i've been disappointed by those who've acted outside of their word.. i get it.
go vote for trump then. sick of you whiny bernie people. bernie had moved on from you
how can you vote for a corrupt, lying, corporatist, establishmnt, wallstreet $hill?
by the way i'm a former liberal who snapped out of pitiful delusions common among dems.
oh and what r those honey????? please illuminate me to my woeful ways.
my point; although i've been disappointed by those who've acted outside of their word.. i get it.
we're all works in progress just working real hard to stay afloat in life.
if my kid ever said anything about an imaginary friend their 86ed
wait the kid or the imaginary friend? lol
they stole the cash register inside and stripped it from all its contents. this was only one local business
that's horrible just ridiculous-oh gosh hope businesses have full insurance &amp; get most back or close of all
oz is correct. nic was only ever doing six issues. is in for the duration.
love the other folks involved, but was who drew my eye to the book.
that's awesome but also sucks that they're sold out of the vinyls
i'm gonna fucking hunt them down like my life depends on it lol
cornell football coach apologizes for tweeting sombrero photo
so sombreros are off limits now? i don't see that as being insensitive. are liberals crying in their safe space?
issues that were preventing players from signing into destiny resulting in tapir errors have been resolved on all platforms.
i went to the gun smith to get my weapon but i went into my inventory and looked at the weapon package pressed a anddisappeared
he didn't rape anyone. no domestic violence charge. no ped-use. didn't cheat by deflating balls. he simply kneele...
sad when white rapists get more illegal justice from courts.
im in charlotte. local news wsoc has it on camera and was on scene. protester on protester. you're spreading disinformation
he's good at that
follow us! rt this tweet and nominate a friend to win a new iphone 7
bring it on!
i'm gonna spam y'all for a bit, but i wanna shout out some people who stayed up until 12am to help start off my special day!
shout out to cff! i love you two so much!
i never tweet anything so here's a selfie.
is that an odd future jacket i see
android... i have a cannon t6 but i feel like i take better phone pics.. idk how to use that damn camera
lmaoooo true i'm gonna just buy it. thanks for the motivation.
by the way i'm a former liberal who snapped out of pitiful delusions common among dems.
let me guess, surviving lupus with the usage of amazing therapies and medicine...
because i did'nt have a myself picture then. don't i use your pictures?
it's okay, i don't care other people post my pictures. actually no one can recognize who is it haha
rub you're tittes if you love jacob !
can i just rub my titties if i love titties?
me brainwashed belief means something with no evidence
believe what you want if it makes you happy.
how you beat a man to death in his own home?
the same way you do this
by the way i'm a former liberal who snapped out of pitiful delusions common among dems.
realize that life was too short, and you shud screw everyone else &amp; get whats urs
i was i was like " hold on " and then yall looked
it was a good picture though
go vote for trump then. sick of you whiny bernie people. bernie had moved on from you
trump is a buffoon but you hillary sheep are going to vote same old bs status quo
every one of these stray animals should be taken to the humane society and put in a cage.
on the other hand if i could put you in a cage i would. you are the most disgusting person
read dec of independence we declare these truths to be self evident
you are living in fear and that's too bad.
blargh, i'm in a weird limbo zone tonight
i feel...restless, kinda unwilling to go to sleep
typical liberal chatter. fling vile insults at those who don't hold your views.
no, you supposedly hold my views as u claim to be hippie. cant believe ur trumpism
see crowbar for the love of god
i have my whole life to be an adult thanks for the help
we're all works in progress just working real hard to stay afloat in life.
sometimes life happens and we can't stick to what we thought we'd do. circumstances change.
i'm sure devry grads make alot mie than you, but i went to a 4 year university and graduated now you went where hou...
who this nigga wildin? lolololol
can it be next weekend already?
can't fucking wait
where is obama? i bet if they were attacking muslims, looting and burning mosques we'd hear from him. don't you?
just shut up. you are so completely stupid
typical liberal chatter. fling vile insults at those who don't hold your views.
let me guess, fuck the rest of humanity and do what makes us feel good. is that it
years ago i made a mannequin of my body out of duct tape and towels and designed and sewed this dress and put it on...
&lt;- wow -&gt;
4-5 hours * and i'm already coming home to play a show
aw man!!! welk no worries!! theyre young!! theyll have plenty more tours!!
i'm gonna spam y'all for a bit, but i wanna shout out some people who stayed up until 12am to help start off my special day!
shout out to ! i love you prom date!!!
sometimes life happens and we can't stick to what we thought we'd do. circumstances change.
this, along with faith, is why i don't hold grudges. though i cannot promise to hold those who've switched up close to my sensitive heart.
thats my shawty, that's my boo.
yup that's me
the neon demon could've been one of the best of 2016 if they'd cut out all of the dialogue and just left in all the cool visuals and music.
i need to seeeee it still
planning to add programming into my one class. what good sites are there to create accounts and learn, beside codecademy and codecombat?
hi justin - make sure to check out and let us know if you have any questions!
addicted to
we've all been there
i wear my socks to bed and take them off in my sleep and this is why i lose all my socks
same lol that's why i wear stance socks, they so comfy and stick on real well
that is the dumbest tweet that i have heard about socialism.
this is what socialism has done to russia
so is at and it took him 2 minutes before he got into metaphysical constructs.
those two minutes must have seemed like they were stretching into infinity.
i'm gonna spam y'all for a bit, but i wanna shout out some people who stayed up until 12am to help start off my special day!
shout out to my favorite peach whore! i love you !!
am i the only dude left who flushes the toilet in a restaurant after he goes? come on bros, make america better. start flushin' again.
washing hands wouldn't hurt, either.
video is exporting - still wednesday here in cali :)
nothing hurts my heart more than when yt upload times go up in min instead of down lolz
u do know clinton is why so many blacks fill the prisons right ? 3 strikes ring a bell?
mind is a terrible thing to waste. 3 strikes is state .
don't ever do that shit i was sick for a week + that shit wasn't exciting it was cold
not even worth it lmfao
chinese past isn't similar to the past most of the free world know.. re
you mean free world? can you tell me why you are "protected" by us army instead of your own?
ever learn this in school?
yes with god though and in god we trust is on our money. what's your point?
meray bhi pakistan k baray may yehi khayalat hain, they are non interventionists, we could have avoided isis if ron was elected
ron, bernie, corbyn jaisay log elect nahin ho saktay. media honay nai day gi. they present them as cuckoos
it's that time of night when you ask your friend "why don't you own a flame thrower?" (commence flame thrower research)
i almost ordered this one when you texted and then got distracted.
rome's mayor won't support a bid for the city to host the 2024 olympics
in other news rome's mayor is
yea i cant use my apps to its full use or go on the internet
yeah t-mobile whole entire system is down
why white people commenting on charlotte only show how it's a bad thing!not even surprized it's only the beginning.
explain this. explain to me how this helped black folks get respect. you think we'll let it ride forever?
here's my solution to the affront that is the *colored* siri icon in my menubar:
no? saves you from the menu at item hell, but allows for stuff still to run.
ask hillary . she should know.
trumpolini has nothing on hrc. he used his fnd to pay biz exp. felonies. lol
get the fuck out of here, joy
only if i can have a cute girl like you escort me out.
1.) i don't know wtf but i'm crying
why is this you
ask hillary . she should know.
poor deluded alt-white who can't get traction enough to steal them some nukes
maybe obama should explain why the backdrop of any of his speeches cannot have a symbol or picture of jesus our lord and savior
because 1st amendment to the constitution, for starters. he is president of all of us, not just christians.
after 12 hours of using iphone 7+, i barely notice the difference. if not for my cycle of 6+, 6s, 7+, i bet i would see even less.
the new 7+ is not bad, no. it's fabulous phone and everything, but then it's not really that much different.
mtn dew has 77g of sugar! wth no one told me. never drinking that again!
it's like general knowledge. mountain dew gives u a huge sugar high/energy bc of the sugar in it
happy 21st to my boyfriend/bestfriend/down ass bihhh met u our freshmen yr &amp; now we're inseparable, so ur stuck w...
im cringing at the amount of emojis i used lmfao
i'm a sucker for good dataviz on almost any topic :)
me too. it's the best way to educate people on what's important. i'm glad i've got it working on mobile now
i'm back and with a new phone!
text me your number
ask hillary . she should know.
u do know she was secy of state and has met all leaders, and getting pics no prob
sprint is ass and my phone bill was always paid
congratulations
that limitation is why i think we don't have an effective measure today.
some recent studies of affordability measures
why is it complicated? :)
they own 10% of uber but are launching a competitor called waze carpool
me too. littlefoot in the land before time was a long neck. and now i'm seeing he was the best character out.
i cried when my 6th grade picture came out looking like i had a long neck.
the new 7+ is not bad, no. it's fabulous phone and everything, but then it's not really that much different.
the previous major release aka iphone 6, was much more substantial. hell, even 6s was a leap, since 3d touch interaction changed a lot.
ask hillary . she should know.
really makes me laugh about who allow trump to screw every last sm biz..
i thought it was bc of the caffeine?
it's also like general knowledge that's it's the worst soda out there bc of the sugar
they could've split the vote... but natalie getting screwed by the cbs edit was the main factor
its true though in so many ways james fans latched on to nat fans nat fans onto james fans
ask hillary . she should know.
...and look the other way when he uses any and all connections to buy wash dc...
thank you for recommending ikarie xb 1, it was incredible
yay! so glad to hear :d
obama wants to give the un control over the internet as a way to enact what would otherwise be unconstitutional "hate speech" laws.
this is the un organization that will control the internet. they will control all .com .net and .org web...
keep an eye on the millennials and your daughter's this webpage here is about new world order and brainwashing
thx 4 key info angel long time no personal talk appreciate ur tweets &amp; key1 here &amp; so slick how they do brainwash w/all bb/genx
don't count your chickens before they hatch, that would be foolish, but enjoy hell if she is!
i'm as certain as i was both times obama won if not more
in high school this is all me n my friends did, plus more post punk. we were lonely
good lord you were way too cool in high school. 2cool4school.
well here is some information from from wikileaks.
not the time or place you ass*,1. "revelations"pure fail,2. nice you self-id,deplorable,3.
you're a senior in high school acting like a boy. i think it's time to grow up hun
what song are those lyrics from?
ask hillary . she should know.
and uses people for his own end left and right, but she begs 4 $ to...
this is me every episode, tbh.
my biggest issue is never knowing what's real
brown on climate: "at the rate we're going, we won't reach the goals that we know to be necessary. we need to pick up the pace."
did he discuss mismatch between ca adopted goals, his stated goals, global adopted goals, and necessary global goals?
ask hillary . she should know.
help unfortunate, never taking a fucking dime, and she is plastered as the bad one
ask hillary . she should know.
amazing disconnect to ethics, morality and humankidn on the
friend of mine is seeking an advanced wordpress developer; ideally . must know multi-site setups. contact !
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wp sites.
enemies big word ... not sure i have 1 but life is full of unexpected happenings
not looking forward to eden joining the cast. it is going to start getting trashy. they will have erica jayne, now eden and rinna.
keep an eye on the millennials and your daughter's this webpage here is about new world order and brainwashing
pretty wild stuff too-i know from resources they've been playing w/servers-etc across nation like never before 2 manipulate info
the previous major release aka iphone 6, was much more substantial. hell, even 6s was a leap, since 3d touch interaction changed a lot.
i am impressed with lightning to 3.5mm jack, how light and nice it is. the only question that i've seen come up is 'is it going to survive'.
rt all good music comes from the united states
historically? yes. right now? no
yes! thanks - i read that ages ago but didn't remember it at all.
&amp; we could consider how such metric+goals might be embedded in policy; eg unaffordability..
either the word 'extraordinary' suddenly got really popular, or i missed something.
that's extraordinary!!
the fact that i haven't heard from since he left for college makes me so sad
orientation has been this whole week and it been so busy but i have class tomorrow and free time so i can call uou
i'm a tough cookie.
nah you're gonna cry
eeyyyy it's fucking lit
"aight forsure forsure" "forsure man" "forsureeeee"
how long are u in la for ??
mito here for good
cheers! the world would be a little less sunny without you around
awww thats sweet. thanks baby
i knew it wasn't for wrestling
you wish it was tho
my immediate understanding &amp; conclusion of this "group" is that they only want their agenda advanced to gain power.
be very wary &amp; cautious about this elitist group!
i cannot hold them close. i have a fragile heart.
i want to see your heart held by gentle hands that stand by you as you work to build yourself stronger.
i am impressed with lightning to 3.5mm jack, how light and nice it is. the only question that i've seen come up is 'is it going to survive'.
and there is a decline in utility with the new earpods that come with the phone, i can't use it with my mac.
&amp; we could consider how such metric+goals might be embedded in policy; eg unaffordability..
level triggers corrective action eg expedited permits. as w/massachusetts'
what if i hate you in general
lool well then sorry?..
these people will vote. we're all going to hell in a handbasket of deplorables.
be calm. it's the handbasket that's going to hell, not us.
sixer of the day
thanks dear friend.
real madrid draw with villarreal and fail to better bara's record of 16 consecutive la liga wins....ah well.
it's no longer barcas record then is it.. it's a joint record as of the weekend..
shut your fuck up
alright, i don't mind being quiet. i love listening to your voice anyway.
was so affectionate while drunk ... it was disgusting
wow oscar keeping it in the family i see :/
ok i'm almost finished installing visual studio 2015 community. custom install: enabled windows desktop, mfc, uwp, ios, clang w/ ms codegen...
about 15gb total. what i didn't install: windows 8/8.1 sdk, older windows 10 sdks (only build 14393), web, sql, android, anything java/js.
kylie jenner refuses to be blac chyna's bridesmaid
2 skanky useless talentless whores
"sham" is the arabic/islamic word for the levant region, now readers will assume it's a term exclusive to terrorists
thank you! now i see. good to know, then. i do not like to surrender anything to terrorists. ;-)
about 15gb total. what i didn't install: windows 8/8.1 sdk, older windows 10 sdks (only build 14393), web, sql, android, anything java/js.
it could be 30gb if you install the android sdks, and visual studio seems to want to install its own copies in strange places. not great.
great point. so analyze what they would like and then do the opposite. sharp! what does hillary want us to do?
she wants us 2 vote her from fear of trump=steins &amp; johnson's #'s need to go up &amp; we vote for them.
first few days as a mom have been challenging but it's all worth it. my son is perfect
motherhood is not easy. but trust me it's all worth it! congrats
"sham" is the arabic/islamic word for the levant region, now readers will assume it's a term exclusive to terrorists
is there a literal translation for "sham"?
is that a trick question? i can be pretty fuckin dumb
i consider you one of the brighter bulbs around here
it could be 30gb if you install the android sdks, and visual studio seems to want to install its own copies in strange places. not great.
i would honestly recommend using java with android studio, which afaik works ok on windows, than try to do android or xamarin in vs2015.
lmao! no i don't, i'm a student there now. how is everything? i see you play for holy names, that's what's up!
lol my bad thats cool though how do you like it? everythings good! ya this'll be my 4th yr here, i'm excited for this last season
speakin of sentimental i'm about to take a trip down my memory lane a.k.a. dropbox
which is like almost 6,000 photos
this is disgusting. delete this.
idk who would find this funny it actually made me upset smh
paranoid trump supporters...the twilight zone...funny funny funny!
this would be funny if it wasn't terrifying - a box of rocks has more intelligence than all of these people combined.
yes august 30th. so what?
the situation has advanced since then, it just isn't current.
and there is a decline in utility with the new earpods that come with the phone, i can't use it with my mac.
the hardest challenge for apple with removal of 3.5 jack is that common interaction of 'unplug from one device and plug into another one'.
i would honestly recommend using java with android studio, which afaik works ok on windows, than try to do android or xamarin in vs2015.
last time i installed it, i somehow got node.js as part of my install, which was weird. this time i enabled powershell &amp; python support.
me too! the soundtrack is so damn good.
this fbi chick needs to die
miles had a febrile seizure tonight; he's ok, but i don't think i'll ever be the same
oh no little buddy! and big buddies! that must have been terrifying, i'm so sorry much love to you all
syddd im so sorry this happened to you, im sure she's looking down on you from doggy heaven, may she r.i.p
thank you, i appreciate it
better question: how does justify expanding ca's dirtiest oilfields?
there is that.
yeah that's why they announced season 2 next year. it's going to continue on.
so ive seen but what the fuck man , ive never been so mad why the fuck is nancy back with steve and not with jonathan !!
you guys live there, so it's yr call, but i think "city by the bay" is a really great name.
i could go for "golfeto city" or "urbo de la golfeto" (urbo for short)
is anyone else's phone down?
my network has been down for over an hour. i think some people have been experiencing network outages for more than 2 hours.
wore my love birds t shirt this weekend in long island.
what! thanks! we're both in the area!
is anybody using google allo yet add me: stashme
cannot find you on allo :(
last time i installed it, i somehow got node.js as part of my install, which was weird. this time i enabled powershell &amp; python support.
by default it wants to install all their server / cloud apis for or azure or whatever. i don't need mini sql server.
i've actually been so wrong about my life - slipping into some hard times , neglecting the many blessings i have :...
love you gorgeous
solid entry level bluetooth headphones. sound about as good as the apple earpods.
5 reasons i'm upgrading: 1. better cameras 2. better screen 3. already use only wireless headphones 4. faster 5. water resistant
i've been working on this shit since 8 and i'm only on page three
i'm only on my second paragraph lol
"describe yourself in three fictional characters" which one u get depends on time of day and whether you work for...
you know, skeletor does sort of feel right.
levant = syria, israel, palestine, lebanon, jordan, and small sections of egypt and iraq; regarded as holy land in addition to the hejaz.
aha! now i see. sorry for the unnecessary question.
what do goth's eat for breakfast?
v good content
after pool fun
where do i sign up
the brooklyn 99 moment that still really gets me is from the episode the ebony falcon, s1e14
terry is about to go do a drug bust &amp; jake says cheerfully "have a fun steroid bust sergeant!" to which terry says "you're a weird guy jake"
or for slow permits. permitting should take minutes!
it'd be interesting to, &amp; i wonder if anyone has, model adaptive land-use control. eg, high land cost -&gt; auto-upzone
terry is about to go do a drug bust &amp; jake says cheerfully "have a fun steroid bust sergeant!" to which terry says "you're a weird guy jake"
i know that sounds like an odd moment but for me it's the truest moment of the show, because they don't feel like family but colleagues
you do realize that is only 3 weeks ago right? shit just getting worse.
i think tonight someone was shot dead. probably gonna get worse before it gets better. senseless
change benefits rules &amp; thresholds so disabled people never have to worry about losing support if they work.
i know an activist who is trying to accomplish exactly that.
by default it wants to install all their server / cloud apis for or azure or whatever. i don't need mini sql server.
the ios setup is weird because you still need a mac with xcode to actually talk to idevices and install apps on them, linked to vis. studio.
your ancestors enslaved and killed our people for years .. years . we still aren't equal . sorry i guess we are fed up .
my ancestors were slaughtered and raped by africans for centuries before a single colony was founded. i don't hold a grudge.
ah, the old carbon ranching surcharge. gets 'em every time.
to reflect the true cost of beef
man these people are awful.
is a nonsense hashtag like .if you dont choose 1,you've chosen the other.that's.it.
trump back to birtherism. bet you're surprised. from
completely shocked, shocked.
there should be a twitter setting that would prevent adding me to lists.
why would you care?
the ios setup is weird because you still need a mac with xcode to actually talk to idevices and install apps on them, linked to vis. studio.
the android dev setup was flaky and buggy when i've tried it before. even though it installed its own tools, many of them didn't launch.
i want this shirt more than you know.
it was at the school of visual arts table.
ooooh your talking about that lol. idk that was a head scratcher right there but who knows they might get together next season
well the whole episode got me fuck up that was just a part of it lmaooo
happy birthday bad bitch hope it's turnt and more!!!
thanks girl
i know that sounds like an odd moment but for me it's the truest moment of the show, because they don't feel like family but colleagues
that friendly but not too friendly interaction it's very similar to a lot of my relationships that've come out of work, it feels most honest
the hardest challenge for apple with removal of 3.5 jack is that common interaction of 'unplug from one device and plug into another one'.
but then, that interaction by itself, in the current tech world, is old and i am extremely happy that we are moving away from this.
person 1: "where do you live?" person 2: "urbo" person 1: "wow! i love urbo! the golden gate...
person 1 continues: "i love the city life there! so mixed! so many different people."
the android dev setup was flaky and buggy when i've tried it before. even though it installed its own tools, many of them didn't launch.
the whole experience was very disappointing. i'd strongly recommend using android studio &amp; xcode instead, for android java/c++ &amp; for ios.
the people have voted and they agree with me
never say never! you almost cried in the car
there's a thunderstorm in this uber
wow is this a new option on the slider in the app?
ugh when you are having a lady moment then feel depressed and tear up for seemingly no reason at all
fried tofu to the rescue!
i'm james mitchell. and i'm running for absolutely nothing. thank you so much ...
come out here more often and i'll show you more!! now you gotta show me dublin for all its splendour
your only followers withs eggs are you
thats not me i swear
get back on your meds. maybe they'll help you be less cowardly.
i'm just glad i got to meet your fan tonight....
it seems to me that it would always improve affordability to upzone more.
adaptive land-use control suggested by /: c/
the whole experience was very disappointing. i'd strongly recommend using android studio &amp; xcode instead, for android java/c++ &amp; for ios.
i'm curious about compiling ios code to run on universal windows. but i'm really not interested in xamarin any more, even if it's free.
idk how to feel about this season of ahs
i literally tweeted the same exact thing lmao
also i finally get why ("nara saten ni iku ze!!") is so funny, i was told about it this weekend and i just now i lo...
y!yugi: so... where should we go! anzu: u-m f...first how about let's get, tea y!yugi: then let's go to the coffee shop!!
maybe they might'nt signal correctly between lanes.they might just be on their way home from college.or driving their gf home
the first three things to do if you're ever stopped by the police: 1. remain calm 2. be polite/respectful 3. follow instructions
we're aware of reported instances of lte outages. so sorry for any inconvenience. our engineers are on it right now working hard to resolve.
this is bad for me today. i'm an uber driver so i can't work without data.
we're aware of reported instances of lte outages. so sorry for any inconvenience. our engineers are on it right now working hard to resolve.
what's going on t-mobile?! thank god for time warner hotspots
y!yugi: so... where should we go! anzu: u-m f...first how about let's get, tea y!yugi: then let's go to the coffee shop!!
the joke is tea house () and coffee shop () are both pronounced "saten"
i thought i was the only one!!! my phone says "no service"
i know right!!!
wtf i finished my in 3 sooo can't complain lol
close enough hahahahah
don't recall seeing that anywhere - said by whom?
emails with buying vip via jims promo and past tweets when asked (can try to find them but will be hard)
i've legit been every basic bitch halloween costume ever i need something that i haven't done fml
this includes but isn't limited to: school girl, cat, mouse, cowgirl, army brat, devil, putting on a big sports shirt w/ converse
how about a credit to out bills... this is ridiculous!!!
i know that is right!! i fear for those that made need medical emergencies
cnn broke the brangelina news to george clooney during a live interview at the un
fuckers are hard hitting arent they
change starts with you first..
...having faith in this time, can have a huge impact that lasts a lifetime...
don't know who that is. how do we get the interview
most likey will be on you tube in the morning
eh. i'm indifferent to her mostly. lol.
she's pissing off my darlene so....
yes, &amp; related to that, they make it very difficult (for me anyway) to retrieve the non-amp version of the story to...
so people on mobile devices do a google search, find an amp story, and then what? use the share to twitter/fb buttons inside?
well good for you a huge majority of us were enslaved, beaten, raped and murdered for what? our skin color .
as opposed to milwaukee when rioters started pulling people out of their cars to assault them screaming they white they white?
deray in charlotte looking for his photo op like.
same gif can be used for you looking for rts thinking your gif was funny.
we're aware of reported instances of lte outages. so sorry for any inconvenience. our engineers are on it right now working hard to resolve.
how much longer do we have to wait before you correct this travesty!!!!
don't recall seeing that anywhere - said by whom?
due to the kris not being at all shows they were taking care of refunds and said kris will be at the vip
living in the hood or borderline area, this is common to see folks do so while arguing back and forth
people argue everywhere lol i'm just saying yelling/crying/pleading does not promise they'll hear you out.
listening to a 6-hour mozart piano classical music studying playlist mix really puts me in the mood late night when i need to study
or it just puts you in the mood
so people on mobile devices do a google search, find an amp story, and then what? use the share to twitter/fb buttons inside?
or use the share... menu in your phone's web browser to share, or copy the url? all paths lead to sharing google's amp url, i think.
all services are affected. voice, text, data, and wi-fi calling are all unavailable.
sad times maybe i should have stuck with expensive ass
is it yours
yeee but keep it don't need it no mo
person 1 continues: "i love the city life there! so mixed! so many different people."
per 1: i'll live in urbo someday. it's affordable! per 2: urbonites take care of each other.
it's relevance is current. and the value of its rt is the content not it publishing date
fair enough
or use the share... menu in your phone's web browser to share, or copy the url? all paths lead to sharing google's amp url, i think.
apple news is much more sensible to me because even though they share their own links, they redirect instantly on non-ios devices.
whatever happens on nov. 8, will have her integrity intact. can't say the same for ... or, sadly for the media.
thanks to the arrogance &amp;corruption of the establishment dem party cheating bernie, on nov 8 we're gonna be screwed with trump!
sound check - day 2 nihon budokan. let's go ! bri
have another great show then bring it back to madison square garden !!
what that book collection do?
what book are you reading?
adaptive land-use control suggested by /: c/
seems loosely like performance-based zoning
yep. that's me. lol.
noooooooo lame is you being good... throw them shade
apple news is much more sensible to me because even though they share their own links, they redirect instantly on non-ios devices.
and when a story isn't actually optimized for apple news (&amp; you have to scroll up to read it), i always "open in safari" &amp; share.
blm shoot their own?video captures the moment a charlotte protester got shot... [graphic]
why is every group of black people labeled blm? retiring "the new black panthers? twat.
declassified docs reveal genocide caused by testing:
wow...they are well practiced at dumping chemicals on population centers ... never ends
heh. all well in your world, btw?
can't complain. all done for the night!!
per 1: i'll live in urbo someday. it's affordable! per 2: urbonites take care of each other.
person 1: how is the fog? person 2: oh it's long gone. my grandpa tells storie tho
...somehow being here in the "real world" but the same scale of their miniatures? i'd greenlight that pitch. (yes, i know thats micronauts)
sort of like small soldiers but a brand
and when a story isn't actually optimized for apple news (&amp; you have to scroll up to read it), i always "open in safari" &amp; share.
of course apple's walled garden is known for both its elegance and for not being available for android (except apple music app).
rock n roll?? definitely not. but definitely blues soul r&amp;b rap, hip hop...no body can touch us on in those genres
what?! rock &amp; roll is an extension of the blues &amp; early soul music.
nutrition science!
to answer you in context 1) always had a passion for food culture / education; we still know so little about nutrition
thanks bro! when you comin to visit?
not sure yet but i'll let you know when i'm in town
of course apple's walled garden is known for both its elegance and for not being available for android (except apple music app).
it seems like google was trying to make something very optimized for webkit &amp; blink, &amp; succeeded, but not at the share experience.
so... guess what?.... i was editing the video and the power went out i hope it comes back soon
hope your power returns quick!
our european tour is in full swing, who's coming out to support the ?
great! have fun in ! enjoy our with our 7 and our
that is the dumbest tweet that i have heard about socialism.
proof socialism doesn't work. 1-10% gdp growth is not acceptable in the western world
witness says charlotte police shot protester in the head 9/21/16 - video:
oh my god. all the nightmares coming true in one week . . .
to answer you in context 1) always had a passion for food culture / education; we still know so little about nutrition
2) behavioral changes have been the only effective way to combat clinical depression for me, curious if diet too is a benefactor
of course has a lengthy criminal record in 3 different states included assault &amp; aggravated assault.
that justifies killing him, you bigoted piece of shit?
, i'm throwing in the towel real soon lol i have work at 845
ya, i was literally about to say the same thing i'm just gonna wake up early &amp; finish it.
2) behavioral changes have been the only effective way to combat clinical depression for me, curious if diet too is a benefactor
3) part of the course is on sports recovery through nutrition, and i'm hitting the gym pretty hard these days, so - \_()_/
and so the 30th year begins. thanks for all the well wishes. peas &amp; love x
happy birthday!!!
that's pretty crazy right!!! we better hurry and get in the wh!
yes w/no worries &amp; dedicated efforts which u where a big propeller in that w/me &amp; know others we can help each
try living in new york or hong kong or dubai or fucking anywhere else with proximate high rises
truly, i've just come to terms with the fact that much of new york has &amp; will see me nude.
it seems like google was trying to make something very optimized for webkit &amp; blink, &amp; succeeded, but not at the share experience.
i agree that viewing google's mobile versions of news pages in mobile safari but all at google urls, which people share, is weird.
good morning. you are a couple i like. love to you and yours
thank allah/god we are happy, loving &amp; caring couple thanks dear friend for your beautiful co...
what about when a white police officer kills an unarmed black man . . is that ok?? or is that just a mistake .
it's a mistake, but i'm not opposed to seeing officers charged for manslaughter. i'm not out here defending stupidity.
3) part of the course is on sports recovery through nutrition, and i'm hitting the gym pretty hard these days, so - \_()_/
4) there was a great elective on the current election cycle but that was oversubscribed within minutes of open enrollment so
dislike him already. he's all about paulie and z
hes a nice guy lol
bet if he was brady he'd be a "role model"
it's because brady doesn't choke lol
what about when a white police officer kills an unarmed black man . . is that ok?? or is that just a mistake .
i was one of the people who wanted the officers in cleveland charged along with the cop who killed the guy in south carolina.
being shown random love always increases my mood by a few percentages.
my mood just increased 5% just a minute ago..
really? plenty of people lived thru the same admin and they had nice things to say. what corruption?
she's not perfect. but a criminal? no. not according to the law - the fbi. that's not our opinion, it's a fact.
like i said, study each case with compassion. petty crime doesn't justify murder. someone's past doesn't justify murder.
an individual's lengthy, past criminal record may suggest a high probability for committing (often violent) future crimes.
i hate that theyre forwarding it 4 months later!!! i wanna know what happens
do they not about to start off with wes father bein killedddd??
carlos danger,husband of hilliary's moslem mole weiner reportedly sexts 15-year-old: 'i would bust that tight pussy'
what a piece of work.prison will be a real party for this guy, he would not be doin the "bustin". sounds like friend of bill c.
what about when a white police officer kills an unarmed black man . . is that ok?? or is that just a mistake .
what i'm telling you is trying to start a violent uprising isn't making you any friends, it's damaging the message.
still no service here. how about you?
still nothing... t-mobile is lucky i don't need the internet for my alarm in the morning
yay for that! i need to get out there sooner rather than later for a visit.
i always support people making jaunts to sf!
my legs are so sore from the flag football game like how is the possible. i felt like i barely did anything
play me!!!!!!
i'm sick &amp; tired of these network outages. i'm gonna go over to verizon soon
i know right!!! even doesn't have outages this frequently!!
what about when a white police officer kills an unarmed black man . . is that ok?? or is that just a mistake .
you must be crazy if you think burning cities up is gonna make people hear you, instead of grab their guns and say "not here."
they spent 4.5m on high rise apartments in the dead centre of london and are mad as heck that people can see their window
right?! and from what i could see from the article, the apartments were mostly glass.
this is interesting.
thanks usually write introspectively but twitter been the spot this evening
drop my hoes ? man baby i would drop out a school lie to my mama about my were about me for you wya?
that's hella funny i been looking for you since sunday
finally watched the film "idiocracy" from start to finish. great film, yet truly terrifying it may become reality..
still can't decide which predicted future is worse: "the time machine or "idiocracy".
ah, lists. because i don't want to be added to a*ile/d*vops/any other bullshit lists
why do you care?
the first scene is wes arriving on campus &amp; talking to laurel about his summer -__-
yeah but you know how it be jumping back and forth and shit.
true in deeams, books , darama and movies ..... but in real life ..... jhoot hy sb
jee, dear friend you are right
what is it going to take?
this map is a literal nightmare thank you for sharing.
police and the city say the cops did not do it. multiple known people say they did.
wow. i think about this - that the more people rise up, protest/being a protester becomes dangerous. it's already true.
nfortunately really need one in sydney to work along side two other systems architect
ok. thanks for your reply.
and i never said that what those people are doing is right . i'm saying what the fuck do you expect .
i expect people to think. dudes are in the street before they've seen the video. what if he did pull a gun? who looks dumb?
yes but that doesn't mean we're the best in it. some of the greatest bands ever are not from this country.
i agree that a lot of great bands came from other places, but we were the creators...
said an old hag madonna fan hahaha! stay irrelevant
aww, what's up with you little morons and your bleeding buttholes? muthamunsta's 3rd comeback is again a
these mindless and lawless animals would kill christ again if they had the chance, that's how evil they are.
build that wall keep the animals out!!!
and frankly, much of what you are told is to cover up and justify murder by cops. and they seem to have done a good job.
i do my own research if a subject interests me. the main stream media is too liberal, biased and untruthful. i don't rely on it.
his tiny hands in zen's route. why.
thats right i got that good jumin ending yo now i can embrace my one true tomato booooy
work today was really grape.
oh you're so punny
gurl u look fire either way so
stf i looked like a burnt squash
don't miss the raritan river festival at boyd park this sunday:
thank you for sharing
i would absolutely take my guns if i had the misfortune of ending up a such. a violent gross riot
he didn't stumble into a protest-he drove to it wielding a gun to intimidate
thank you!!! shit like that makes me hella happy tbh are you going to the ferg &amp; carti show ??
idk yet i have class late that day so depends what time i get out but i hope so!
i agree that a lot of great bands came from other places, but we were the creators...
you go back &amp; watch old interviews from the stones or beatles they always would bring up motown &amp; other us artist influences
i need to know why they did him like that
lmfaooooo man right now i'm not even fuckin with annalise. ave doin too much
does anyone know any good blogging platforms? i'm considering wordpress but if anyone knows any other ones, let me know!
yes, go with wordpress! it is an open source platform which is easy to design and develop amazing website for your business.
i never said it was ok! it's wrong . but so is killing innocent people . wtf don't you understand .
i don't disagree! i'm not in favor of innocent people getting shot! at all!
y'all gettin clapped up by me it ain't even fair for me to be in this league cuz
naaaaaah i'm coming dicks out taking the league title
that's pretty crazy right!!! we better hurry and get in the wh!
ya these people are sick &amp; full of all sorts of tricks that's why i'm giving all to heaven: hebrews9:13-17
i hate that it spams my notifications
the problem is not adding to lists, but lack of notification settings.
don't recall seeing that anywhere - said by whom?
trying to go through my emails on 3 accounts - also informed us that 1 vip pass is for 3 people (or 2)
frankly, this is some ridiculous, hateful bs. do you know what the world has done to black people for centuries?how dare you.
i've never done anything to black people. however, i've been the victim of both assault and theft. both perpetrators were black.
no, i've never once opened my podcast app. show me.
it's 10 episodes, called "revisionist history". look into it online. it costs $ on the podcast app.
royal commission: priests put church before victims of sex abuse, catholic official says
don't let these perverts into public toilets.
happy birthday!!! i will be seeing you at 5am friday morning!
i may still be drunk when you see me but i'm excited!!!
manager*u know u were the only 1 not scheduled 4 a 10&amp;u were the only 1 who took 1 me: y would u do that? him: cuz that's funny me: kbye
lmao this sounds like some vince shit
happy birthday buddy, hope you're celebrating in style!
thanks. i will come morning. 1am here
happy bday biiiiiitch ilysm if i wasn't working tomorrow i'd get fucked da fuck up witchu
friday betch with lil dani &amp; aj
both you lucky i'm not in it lol, woulda been ov
naaaah my team stacked
a new (and quite large) addition to the fam.
ok, yay iphone, but also i'm more excited about the x100t and... d750? of which i also own both.
happiest of all birthday sweet face
thank you so very much
i wonder what it feels like to have gay sex w/ a man devoted to god.
my boyfriend considers himself a "believer".....i guess doing it with him is heavenly.
that's pretty crazy right!!! we better hurry and get in the wh!
you are always a joy angel never a bad time-always available w/all my best heavens love truly-sincerely, mark
just funny that immediately he recommends someone an anime
of course justin is a big weeb. too anime is just another excuse like too hard/sucks/dead
don't recall seeing that anywhere - said by whom?
which was kindly refunded since the mess up with kris not being @ all shows and $ loss we can't get back
you keep oppressing people and use force when they try to peaceful protest and expect them not to retaliate
how do you mistake a book for a gun. american logic since the the 1700s. they don't wanna see the black man rise
asked this nice lady if i could borrow little sunny for this photo.
how about an adorable cat? she's like no other. she's an australian mist. i love her so much but i w...
your hero...
what obot? bombshell: 'washington post' confirms hillary clinton started the birther movement...
traded him today tho
what the fuck somebody actually gave someone up to get him???? i'm bent
and if you really believe this, then your spirituality is some bs too. and your reading capabilities.
my reading capabilities are usually spot on. i have a waiting list for readings and i'm booked months in advance, but not famous.
are more valuable than property. that is what the young ppl are saying. listen to them.
words are meaningless. we see their intent plain as day.
if that's what burnt squash looks like i wanna be burnt squash too
oh forgot i took a selfie from yesterday
now you know you wrong
i'm all fucked up in the game smh, and my flight leaves at 2 pm, i'm probably not going to make it to apple
that's pretty crazy right!!! we better hurry and get in the wh!
yes yes amen-may it be so!
that is exactly who it was
lmao i knew it he always does things like that! that's why he's a head ass
so proud of my friend and amazing journalist for winning an emmy. who are you? haha
oh please, i'm trying to keep up with you!
not caring or being indifferent about it is not condoning or approving of it.
the vocal minority does not speak for the silent majority. no religion condones homosexuality.
thank you so much :) love you my beautiful &lt;3
you're welcome elli i love you my sweet, adorable &amp; sometimes quirky
y'all better give me credit on this months bill my service been down for like 2 hours
this is all kinds of fu up here!! what is the excuse tmobile?? no outages at the other big three
it just came back up for me. i have a buddy in washington dc that was having the same problem.
san francisco is still down
my main purpose in life is to boost the egos of my friends tbh
stop that's my purpose you're stealing my purpose i have no purpose now
well kinda.. me: davonta freeman/ ap him: legarret blunt/ thomas rawls
bro my backs are miller blunt and gordon
we are working hard to get service fully restored for you! hang tight with us! we want you up and running ! *jeremyj
this outage has been going on for a few hours now!!! what gives??
15.5' of lucet cord, made from 10/6 wet spun hemp from ursula's alcove in butterscotch.
gosh darn it, have lost my tiny crochet hook! crap.
thats not a damn answer. you are ignoring certain people. don't you understand we pay you for this service?
i agree. 611 is down i'll call in the morning see what can be done...
better than mine
who are ur receivers
hey "preppers" who stocked up on food &amp; guns bc the president was black and so the world was ending: you have just 4 more months to be right
to be honest, we're effed 6 ways regardless which major candidate gets in.
petition to make me music supervisor for mr. robot se3
you can't pick 'siamese twins' it's already been used in two shows in the last 2 years.
fml. tabling from 630-915 then class from 930-445
you got this good luck with rush
your hero...
liberal blogger says he worked with hillary clinton's aide on birther claims
my bid for the world record on track &amp; field isn't going to happen if i can't beat 9m 21 in the long jump. frustration!
that's a tough record to go for. it's beatable but tough. good luck. you'll need it!
ok thanks! last time we talked about it it wasn't confirmed, but we'll see what they say.
welcome and thank you as well - i need to sleep so in the am i will look more -if i find them i'll fwd it
can't remember the last time i ate at a restaurant alone. currently eating a chicken salad, eavesdropping on conversations at the grove.
u could have said hi
do you even know any black people?
i'm well acquainted with black people, having lived in harlem nyc for several years. my best friends are white and that's ok.
fucking shit!!!! a clown picture just popped up on my tl
which one of y'all wants me to have a stroke and die
and so the 30th year begins. thanks for all the well wishes. peas &amp; love x
stfu no way you're 30
starboy is great and all but does this mean daft punk is out of hiding now? big if true.
everyone forgets about daft punk just right when they come out and drop news
no way u must've gotten on her nerves lol
lol i'll tell you the story later,i had it coming tho
happy bday to fan ! tonight was her 22nd! glad to be a part of ur special day!...
my half birthday is next month &amp; its my dream to go backstage at a broadway show!!
decker, fitzgerald, a.hurns, d.thomas, w.fuller... kinda weak
decker and fitzgerald go off my only good receiver is antonio brown i got marvin jones he low key a sleeper pick tho
why has my cell data suddenly stopped connecting?
looks like it came back after toggling data in my settings a few times.
i too have many doubts and concerns. it's just that i prefer reasoned debate to wah-wah dummy spitting.
wha chu talking about blud. he's got to go. ya feel me fam.
japanese ruling party starts talks to revise internal rules to extend current pm shinzo abe's term
one of the biggest warning signs of what's to come is the current establishment's refusal to give up power.
also my ? to trump is if he can't release taxes, please release the letter that proves he's under an audit
that's good also. but i've heard it being said before.
i'm good, it came back up and with it ultra-blazing fast lte speeds
what the fcuk?! how are you getting those speeds?? which phone do you have?
try &amp; open your mind. black people are just beyond fed up of that treatment.if i were there i think i'd be out protesting too
blacks do have the right to a peaceful protest, just like any other american citizens. they don't have the right to riot and burn.
ok now if you wanna talk about intent watch the video of the getting murdered...
i've seen it, and i'm disgusted. she should be in prison. but don't act like these rioters are anything but domestic terrorists
i get home rather shortly. had i thought about it i might have tried for the 27th, but i figured you'd be getting hours!
there is always time to party sir
one of the biggest warning signs of what's to come is the current establishment's refusal to give up power.
the establishment "needs" to be in charge when we enter the next crisis and they are doing everything possible.
suspicious huh?
is this a threat...?
move on along paid troll
hah another hillary sheep. we are screwed with a trump presidency because of arrogant estab dem idiots like you! thanks a lot !
they can survive a lot of radiation however at ground zero of the boom and the surrounding area they would be burnt to a crisp
there goes to show hoe much i don't know much about insects lol.
he's low key niccccce, i have cam newton, so i mean i'm up there...
my qb is andrew luck he went off week one but he throws so many picks he low key trash
celebrating cigars today.
congratulations
your hero...
you have "funny" pics, me truth. emails show hillary aide blumenthal created obama "birther" conspiracy
also my ? to trump is if he can't release taxes, please release the letter that proves he's under an audit
conway said, "are you calling mr. trump a liar?" durrrr!!!
and lookie! we can play with this playdoh shit. lol
i love play doh, we can make pretty cool shit with it yeah, we're insane in the membrane...
you've seen 's extraordinary technique, right?
extraordinary? thanks!
what is this lmao wtf
bruh thats how some people get their brocks off
i've never been a fan, i have arizona and gbs defense, you?
broncos defense they ranked number 1
megan fox's entrance into the show
i thought she was gonna be there for like a scene or two.... but instead they replaced jessica with her
hah another hillary sheep. we are screwed with a trump presidency because of arrogant estab dem idiots like you! thanks a lot !
how shitty of a candidate do the dems have to be losing to a complete idiot like trump! a ham sandwich could be beating him
this outage has been going on for a few hours now!!! what gives??
okay it is back up now!! thank god!! some people are getting much faster lte now
. bruh u r the fakest, most childish, hypocritical, homie hopping piece of
how dare you speak to a woman like that. no less post it on social media for the public to see.
always nice to have an occasion to rewatch the video of tom friedman getting pied.
what kind of pie was that? mint chip?
summer all day man. best season
you brought this on yourself
oh you're upppp
my tight ends are stacked too i got jordan reed and eric ebron
your hero...
you bring "funny" pics, i bring the truth. give up, obot. you're full of obotic bullshit.
who predicted in 2012 angelina would leave brad after 12-15 years together? me
i need a column! more
once you use history + context the general apathy to all the suffering you can see and feel where the rage is coming from
none of that is an excuse to attack random people begging on their hands and knees who have nothing to do with it.
people that have followed instructions have been killed.your trump just said so yesterday.have u watched philandro castille?
there have been tragic exceptions when innocent people were killed by police (black and white), but these instances are not common.
i feel like you just used pictures you already had saved on your phone
you know normally that'd be right, but i didnt have any pictures of wilt soo
yes system is for larger units as well, up to multiple bedrooms.
also, a lot of 'family' size units are used by rooomates, could be freed up by more availability of micro/single apts
releasing music is so 2015
still a better release track record than
once you use history + context the general apathy to all the suffering you can see and feel where the rage is coming from
thats how you continue to make more white people your enemies. and frankly, there are more of us. you can't win with violence.
the party s1e16 is a really interesting look into the issue of class dynamics in the character relationships
like seeing jake and the detectives try to fit into the high class and wealth of holt's party is such a strange disconnect
100k fifa points tonight and not one player over 85 rated someone finish me please
i got pogba in my free pack looooooooooool
. bruh u r the fakest, most childish, hypocritical, homie hopping piece of
yet he's the one posting this on social media rather than handling it in private
compensation for never eating anything but pizza; real, homemade, traditional polish food
1. too much food 2. no sour kraut 3. maybe i didnt want this 4. save me
this would've been great information in early august
the service industry, like combat is pretty dynamic. knowing you can take leave woulda been great information to know in aug.
we all need to stand by each other with all of our prayers we shall be safe from any harm.
certainly angel gr8 expression he's capable-we can stand w/him(hebrews9:13-17) w/&amp;4 u-each &amp; 4law &amp; order!
the great gif debate wages on, though we're seeing a clear favorite in our census results so far. which do you say...
i know which is correct but can't prevent myself from being wrong.
my next few weekends. i'm gonna make a thread.
. seeing the new songs live: amazing. lighting: on point. , you've got some new fans awe...
like seeing jake and the detectives try to fit into the high class and wealth of holt's party is such a strange disconnect
it actually kinda reminds me of hannibal, that show had a major foot in the class dynamics of its 2 leads
this is genuinely scandalous. everyone should be giving cnn a hard time about this.
trump fails to pay those he should, and manages to pay those he shouldn't...
"the un is like your conscience. it can't make you do the right thing, but it can help you make the right decision."
un making my decision? when trump becomes president, we should leave the un
when he loses i bet he'll have a lot of money left for whatever he does next. that'll be interesting.
yup!!! washington post will have another expos on the misuse of campaign funds
omg he was drunk as hell but we had a good convo
next time give better signals to get me to help you
did she win?!
yes i didn't want her to win it this season
we all need to stand by each other with all of our prayers we shall be safe from any harm.
yes on ur gr8 idea such a blessing you are angel be well in all things 3john2 too-ha!
where do we go to find the pics from the party?
i dont know just search i guess
gas stations always clutch
walgreens is just going to have to do
nature hates me - here's evidence: - my body is full of mosquitos bites. -i found a spider in my room. -i found a huge spider in my closet
spider season. i hate it. oh so much.
alexis fell asleep 20 min into this movie she a fake anime fan
it best not be any studio ghibli movies
i mean you are a 42a in the army. you did coordinate leave for a company sized element at my exact location.
however, i am not the 42a coordinating you're leave right now at your exact location. so, pardon me for not knowing your sop.
i was supposed to be off of work today. i've been here since 8:30a...no end in sight and i have to be back from 8:30-11 tomorrow. i...
what is it that you do? those hours are crzyyyy
the new blair witch was good
i left the theater
my love, the hatred you have in you will block real connection to your spirit.
being awake to the world's problems isn't racist, it's realistic. the truth's a very bitter pill to those who've never tasted it.
aw! who did she end up going into the final with?? i was watching with my mom but i didn't keep up
it was nicole and paul final 2. i wanted her to win in season 16 though lol
a better question might be, "why won't you release your irs audit letter to prove you are under audit?"
that's 's question
me and i'll light it
thats a fact
my review of arc-v 123! hope you guys enjoy! : d
thanks for sharing your reviews here! man, yuri sure is a classic sociopath, isn't he...
these asshats yelling at me about the news breaking in, not reporting anything, but yet haven't tweeted one thing about the riots. gtfoh
hope u are alright
"are you a democrat or a republican?" trump: i probably identify as a democrat. economy does better under democrats
wow trump supporters: hillary has a body double obama is a muslim and wasn't born in the us and did 9/11
t-mobile's network been down all night wtf man
yours in down? mine is fine lol
i hope i catch him slipping tomorrow
let me know how this goes please. fuck this piece of trash kid!
bigger than president obama? he is a tough act to follow, so much hate for americans, so little like of minorities.
true, obama is the ultimate pos
self-important 'government of india's sticker but german flag and eagle on numberplate.
10 says the person who put it there doesn't know it's the german flag.
regency ballroom
nice! my roommate was there
u.s. senate clears way for $1.15 billion arms sale to saudi arabia
thanks for the valuable news ! keep going &amp; keep moving forward! best regards for a prosperous future.
can wait for the day i see some shit like this happen so i can just beat the fuck out of a nigga
where part 2
feel free to pass this along
thanks. will do.
any given wednesday still not doing it for me. great guests. i'm a simmons fan. it's just off.
i had been calling for a live audience since week one, made an improvement but didn't go over the edge
its called hotarubi no mori e it's my fav movie it's like 45 min long lol :// i cri
what's it about
colored that club banger thank you
omg i love this so much! 2 of my favorite things together &amp; garfield &amp; odie &lt;3
wrong again but getting closer.
you're younger than me. maybe in a romantic relationship with someone of another race? you're a positive influence on most people.
looking for serious web page developer in standby. wordpress skills recommended. price negotiable
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
i maintain that b99 provides a really interesting and innovative take on the role of white men in the better 21st century
like jake is obviously a talented detective but so much of his actual value comes from putting that talent to work for the squad as a whole
what compo pick will brad get
with the lifting of the pressure of a wife &amp; 6 children brad will play with a new freedom
yep. i was so confused. i'm gonna have to rewatch it.
yes, same...this gave me too many questions lol
oh no ya one hundred percent
i want to see your new hair!!!!
like jake is obviously a talented detective but so much of his actual value comes from putting that talent to work for the squad as a whole
in a weird way he's actually at his weakest when he's taking the lead &amp; at his strongest when he's supporting holt or amy or rosa
i actually don't like the live audience. takes away from the interviews. feels like an act.
the set is soooooo dead otherwise though, helps with flow to have ppl there reacting
lmaoo i remember on twitter one day ppl were freaking out because she told someone she had a bf named john but she was joking
his name was josh and it was someone from production thats why she got fished
i love big brother but i also forget to watch!!
you need to watch next summer!! best show ever
please watch the video.
i'll check out the video sometime. i've been putting in long nights since the world started falling apart. now it's time for bed.
just a sappy shoujo i watched like 100x :-)
i'll watch it , finished every anime on my list so i'm currently making a new list
don't drink the lemming-aid unless we disagree politically.
lemmings dont willingly jump into the ocean in a suicide frenzy. disney made that shit up.
"conference text" for the win
was there a dial in code?
mitchelle obama in visitors gallery. kalsoom n hr grand daughter sitting whr your foreign minister and ambasadrs a...
and thats why michelle obama looks depressed...
i knowwww! i'm confuzzled af about angela and tyrell. this show makes my head hurt. lmao.
that was a stretch.. like white rose said shit to angela but idk she was too calm about what happened to eilot
so important and critical to mission success. both in the military and on the civilian side. thank you for your ser...
if i could pin this tweet i would
i know i'm going to wake up with super bad anxiety. i just know.
i am da man w the xan
happy birthday to a person who is beautiful inside and out.
you're so precious thank you
happy birthday to this beaut!
i love you thank you!
in search of 500,000 professionals, with 8,000 grads per year, education official says
have you ever considered working. ?
happy birthday, you're adorable and strong.
aww thank you babe i appreciate it
that tweet seemed fucked up but i'm serious she can't leave on the weekends she's an international student lol
but it was still fucked up saying you wish she can leave
if you think our government is anything but crony capitalism, you are not opening your eyes. it is very corrupt.
i'll repeat myself, as you appear a bit 'slow'.. 'democrats same as gop. is a false equivalence. have someone explain it to you
yeahhhh. idk what the hell that was all about. i'm stressed.
sums up my feelings and helps
i've been asked to help recruit a contract drupal dev in canberra, and a senior drupal dev and a php allrounder in sydney. dm if interested.
hi, if you have any plan to considering foreign firm please contact us.
thanks everyone for putting up with my spiteful tweets all season. congrats to nic &amp; paul for making f2 &amp; best of wishes to jat w/e happens
you're tweets were very logical and i concurred with them you did great !
yea m8, you too
the only un creative topics ive made videos on is my pokemon go video, and my rant videos. these smaller channels do it daily
okay this software is fire, just bought it
took that bitch from 45 to 22
4 people followed me and 4 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by
whoever your next opponent is 3-0.
when you leave makkah, bring islam home, not just dates and zamzam water.
do not copy and paste... please
i know thank you
you're like the least dope person i know
ahhh. i love their stuff. they're always spot on. haha.
i don't read alot of reviews or much av club but i felt i needed to after that.
wonder how come james hasnt hit twitter yet
he is probably socializing and having fun also he just got out of bb house and decompressing
lmaoo iz i hope you're caught up with me
not even close lol, i just found this very amusing
didn't see it shanks! sorry! :(
had a good tweet myself but amloo said it will hurt sentiments :(
being original gets you way less views than talking about trending topics
so you sell your soul for views? views arent everything you know...
if it's fun and unthreatening, it's assuredly trying to sell you something
noted...if something is fun and unthreatening they are clearly trying to sell me something
i'm sof ucking done like i have come a long way but i am done
freshman yr of college was not that long ago tf was i doing
i hitched across south africa in the last days of apartheid. taught me a lot!
wow. incredible memories, i'll bet!
freshman yr of college was not that long ago tf was i doing
tf were we all doing
don't sweat the small stuff
thanks audi wow
hi ron, please try manual upgrade let us know how it went. ^vanya
thanks, vanya. will investigate.
mt : our government has no money except what it takes from us. employers can pay
what happens when they can't take enough to pay 20 or 30 trillion debt bubble ? no way out..baby boomers got to go
lol! omg. the show really messed you up.
combined with being tired... ugh its a dense, well thoughout show but i could understand everyone's role.. now? not so much
remember he has interviews at 8am so he maybe done for the night
yeah thats right
a change in the weather details w/
is that el dorado hills?
mt : our government has no money except what it takes from us. employers can pay
baby boomers are owed trillions over next 25 hrs due to soc sec &amp; medicaid. eugenics..not too many live past 60
good mornin everyone else, btw
good morning darling! have you seen this?
you better talk to about not hurting me.
i most def will mk it priority. evry1 play nice, or no juice boxes 4u!! bt won't stop me from hvng my chardonnay
bay area i hope you're ready for this saturday at !! and congrats to for winning the ticket...
yeee! about time! haha
. i look forward to when he consolidates post and starts getting 101%
haah. see that's funny cause he's a communist.
dear twitter, it would be lovely to get dms when they are sent and not 72 hours later. love, user since late 2006
you're in a delayed server notification bucket. hashtag growth
jobs work from home shopify developer in new york: new york city, ny - an ecommerce company is filling a position for a work from...
please give us a call : 212.209.1537 to discuss further about your requirements!
listen to raw delivery feat. awon by yogisoul on bruh!!!
beat is too dope. where you based? some of my here:
4 shows &amp; 4 cities in 24 hours this weekend! this is def a new record...
trying to schedule an interview with you guys again for the sf radio station... haha failed
i'm free!!! thank you to everyone for all of your support!!!!
girl get away from that ugly turd james. he ruined your game and threw you under the bus. u should've stayed with sexy vic.
a look at the un's performance on the most vital global challenges of the past decade:
so if the un is unable to accomplish its mission it should be dismantled...global elites disagree but a house cleaning is critical
they could explain the entire show and i would still be confused. lmao.
my minor issues is i feel like.. joanna (who i love) was on too much for just being the crazy wife..and eliot not progressing
or...or....or just fucking delete the comment section.
"no but what about 'hitlerasswipe69cunt''s super valuable comments about how i should kill myself freeze peach ahhhhh"
teamwork makes the dream work
like this power team :)
wanna do the but i'm too angry of a person to do it lmaoooo
bruh you would honestly just call everyone out on their shit lol
i can only imagine your supplement bill every month.
mines worse lol but small price to pay for health imo
when people add memes to their reply
when chau is mean
for the people actually protesting and not looting, kicking the elderly, or being complete scum... thank you.
just gets worse from here... america in crisis plain &amp; simple...great our president is addressing it..nah un business 1st
i was rooting for you,but you crushed my bb dreams by voting for someone that hated u the whole summer..
exactly!!! and letting that ugly troll james ruin her game. she should've stay with sexy vic like wtf
why 92? you def weren't born there
i'm only assuming, but i'm pretty sure my parents had confidence in me between the ages of zero to 2
actually dying at the state of dolan here.
how has not seen this?
second for me!! my is def princess kaguya
that movie was pretty good but it can't beat howls moving castle.
you better talk to about not hurting me.
or, my choc vodka...amaretto...or maybe pinotgrigio! anyway, i think u gt pnt by nw,lol.winner gts2 hv drink w/me
literally every one i ever met in rl were hoes lol. rt : i hate taurus'
i just hate their fucking attitude
"the un is like your conscience. it can't make you do the right thing, but it can help you make the right decision."
its purpose ambiguous &amp; unattainable when compromised by alternative agendas directed my global elites~~inhumanity~
because that shit is next fucking level and white hair my girls dont fucking count so fuck your armpit feminism
im actually cryin
started to make up for not ever watching
stop everything and watch got what are you who why stop go
here i sit, brokenhearted, tried to take a shit on a guy who was mean to me but i barely farted tried on this dress...
i wish i was that dress
no one on my social media is more humble
hahaha, appreciate it homie. i try hahaha, my shit stinks like everyone those though trust me.
add 'idolising rivers cuomo' to the list of things that men you should stay away from do
i've long considered compiling a spotify playlist of songs that are openly about noncing. rivers would have a few ones on it.
how does one sign up for said valuable email?
seriously. i would sign up.
fuck me sideways
wash ur tattoo wit unscented soap and put vaseline or any anti bacterial ointment on it til it heals so it won't ruin ur tatt!
yeah. i could see that. they kinda made her one note.
she's doing her own side project in trying to help tyrell but its not connected.. still good scenes but yeah
i would really love that a lot and i needed a bit of cheering up so thank you
anytime! i'm here for all the cheering up
when i you're somehow in possession of daniels blood
lmao put that down im not even there
it's so frustrating. people are like wow your hair and nails are so thick-yeah it comes with a price!
every time someone compliments her eyebrows "i knew that thick unibrow would come in handy 1 day"
disgusting unwarranted riot by blacks in chsrlotte! no basis in fact for it! just an excuse for them to loot and raise hell!
my sentiment exactly.
why would you think i hadn't seen that pic? that's an old forum classic
yeah but you haven't given me numbers man.
what is a good time and number to reach you today stephen?^rickc.
- none; in all seriousness, now, can you please review this thread? if after that, you want to discuss, direct-message me.
foreign wars and terrorism via
foreign wars &amp; terrorism are manifestations of man's failure as an intelligent &amp; humane species
excuse shit posting j should have tweeted those separately
continue posting - zeina i swear i never virtually met a girl on your level til now
sounds awesome, i'm in st. louis playing a show with saturday night but i'll be there sunday at the festival
only 3 days now
anyone possibly know how to set up my campaign mobile app so i use push notifications? i need a !
share your exact requirements to leads.com
she needed to be involved in tyrell's story more. i hope next season, they intersect more.
yes.. and ,more eliot/angela scenes
mayor roberts on cnn: "we have a long tradition of charlotte of coming together, of talking through differences."
she is very crazey-
gm heather happy almost friday hun can't wait rough week!! how's my twitter wife!! you're the best!!
i think everyone agrees... this week has been very very long. happy friday eve!
and my car developed a misfire on the way to pick up some dinner this evening. fml.
sorry to hear that.
please stop, i'm so jealous
lauren it is unreal. i don't even think we will have time to shop there's so much more to see!
also looking at bringing a few app ideas to life and would be interested in some app developers interested in a fast-paced start-up
yes, we can certainly help you in developing your dream app. our pf email to leads.com
what's those emojis?
we are descendants* of africa.
thanks babe that's exactly what this article says. but ugh how long will this last
mine lasted for about two weeks ish. sometimes it takes longer depending on how often u clean it. just don't let it get dry
somebody needs to delete my whole dropbox!!!
fuck it my whole laptop if u will!!!!
thanks babe that's exactly what this article says. but ugh how long will this last
cus it gets really itchy. and don't ever try to peal it or u might start getting bold spots on ur tatt
this is dope!
i only see a white background??
no, sad hillary bro trolling stein's thread even sadder hilary bro.
i'm a happy stein supporter happily watching your sadness over hillary losing...:)
birthday was on sunday, buddy ukent drew me a kinky pic of two hot gods! tell him your thoughts on it too!...
happy belated birthday!
or, my choc vodka...amaretto...or maybe pinotgrigio! anyway, i think u gt pnt by nw,lol.winner gts2 hv drink w/me
u jst hv2com2ny, 2do itjst assuming it will b u, as ur the "master" maybe then i cn sho u my knf skills in ktchn
you're implementing a custom wrapper around an arbitrary collection of data. how should it handle accessing a nonexistent key?
return option[v] in scala.
join us in wishing hillary a happy birthday. sign her card today!
fuck you, traitor!
i need a new tech person for simple wordpress stuff. anyone?
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
i don't understand her vote for nic at all..she had just said she didn't want paul 2 b evicted most then votes 4 nic
it was just stupid and petty. i'm disappointed nat voted that way, so personal. i have alot respect for meech now
i can always count on to hit me with a shot of jger to help me get through studying
haha always gotta be prepared
anybody on here have much experience using wordpress? please get in touch if so, i need help
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
sorry, meant to include . logan, thoughts on tvdvds?
i'll stick with the bible tysm
political correctness is fascism pretending to be manners
practiced by idiots with an immense need to look important at starbucks.
dark days lie ahead unless john kerry can convince his russian counterpart to renew the ceasefire in syria...
this is our world, our fellow human beings, and the people can't stop this madness...what have we become ? more suffering. sad
yeah fit in all the sight seeing you can! go to soho for a wander &amp; go see a musical. i could cry i'm that jealous
yes. saw soho last night on bus tour. starting the day off with helicopter tour over the city... right after pancakes!
so happy won favorite ! i voted my fingers off 4 him!! way to go vic you've got a huge heart and it's well deserved!
me too!!! i kinda cried when he teared up, not going to lie.
for some reason native vids on twitter isnt working for me. anyways just wanted to lyk there will be a new video la...
new vlog who up
trump should have to answer exactly why he refuses to believe that is american.
in the meantime, you, your comrades and the hacks in the liberal media continue to hide your lies.
my mgr says i overshare on twitter, so i'm not gonna tell u that whenever i watch blue bloods i wanna fuck the shit out of donnie wahlberg.
you are beautiful and sexy i want to have sex with you
what potential did it lose?
i just feel like it got less tightly focused &amp; centered and the core joke of fun through comedy police work
didn't think you were cool until you floored it down the street in your civic with the loud exhaust and now i'm dying to meet you
i love this tweet
for some reason native vids on twitter isnt working for me. anyways just wanted to lyk there will be a new video la...
new vid who up
gawsh... that list would be huge. i cant imagine scrolling past even 1%
would it though? i imagine the number is less than 10k
when it's 3am and u realize you still got a whole piece of chicken left from b4 da kush nap... at dis point my life a movie.
the number of like and retweets rn lol
i just feel like it got less tightly focused &amp; centered and the core joke of fun through comedy police work
though that appraisal might change with my upcoming rewatch
the last alan partridge special is up on youtube.
it's alright. not even as strong as mid morning matters i would argue.
or, my choc vodka...amaretto...or maybe pinotgrigio! anyway, i think u gt pnt by nw,lol.winner gts2 hv drink w/me
btw, ron, i'm shana, pleased to meet u
i need someone to put me on some new music.
remember the time - michael jackson
bathtub carved from a single slab of quartz: one of the most luxurious bathtubs in the world
granite much cheaper &amp; has medicinal properties. man put values on rocks &amp; crafts ..so now i want one ? no
would it though? i imagine the number is less than 10k
i think they hide that number precisely because the digital library is not that deep and they want it to appear deeper
who is the better party member in kingdom hearts? this needs to end now.
but donald has healing magic!
watched the first episode of the get down, and it's
where you been at girl that show the shit
i think what's most amusing about 's exodus is how clearly important it was to those involved to stay in public broadcasting 1/
money was never a part of good programming. c4 bought the cake but never saw it cook til the end. now when will the think pieces on 2/
if only she knew p/v wanted her f3 w/them..&amp;paul f2--nat woulda been the female winner we needed
yup. i kinda think vic wouldve taken her final 2 james ruined her game for ratcole. he knew they hated her
and who really thought the brangelina marriage would last even this long?!
they are so good looking though
gdi my roommate uses my room to smoke a blunt smfh
horrible roommate
money was never a part of good programming. c4 bought the cake but never saw it cook til the end. now when will the think pieces on 2/
start about when the production company came in and changed the negotiation narrative for uk programming. 3/
its purpose ambiguous &amp; unattainable when compromised by alternative agendas directed my global elites~~inhumanity~
if the un was my conscience it would mean i sold my soul to a dark entity...who really pulls the strings ?
fuck christian and tom
add me back bitches
no that's a book
it's a book shaped like a gun.
the apartment (b99 s1e18) always hits me where i live with jake's housing crisis, i've lived that nightmare
actually the apartment cuts right to a lot of the stuff i feel the later seasons lost, mainly the focus on character work relationships
nah she said she voted for her, because shes a girl..too bad that girl hated her, lol
yup. ratcole and lurch hated nat and wanted her out. vic wanted james out.
some bernie supporters backing libertarian gary johnson's potus bid have no clue what he supports. a surprising lis...
much worse than i thought! thanks for the additional ammunition!
i have to wake up to get my nephew on the bus in 2 hours
can u all believe there is all ready idiots trying to hurt natalies feelings
actually the apartment cuts right to a lot of the stuff i feel the later seasons lost, mainly the focus on character work relationships
scenes like terry standing up for the squad to holt or hitchcock &amp; scully self-evaluating together are great examples
roflmfao you do know that the pot holders are to pick pots and lids up heh heh you're really blonde aren't you?
lol notice my handle matt mesenplas lol just remember serenity now or namaste while in the kitchen.
greens are being fertilized with organicn for the 1st time in 12 months they will not be mowed again until friday am
mine will get it tuesday
join me &amp; to celebrate the world's biggest coffee morning
since i'm in , i'll have mine out of a cawfee mug!
them as she sees them.
yeah so disrespectful
lol notice my handle matt mesenplas lol just remember serenity now or namaste while in the kitchen.
if you enjoy what you're cooking the taste is better. you must love to cook not cook to love lol
yeah, one is the strongest, two works as comedy, there is getting into full flanderisation + shark jumping + "awww" moments.
yeah, i'm doing a rewatch now that s4 has started and it's staggering what a different show it felt like back in s1
i pray to god above that he was being sarcastic.
lol for real. they need to rest sometime.
i'll know im rich when i can afford a down payment on a house without taking out a loan.
you can with savings w/o it meaning you're rich
a clock is not a briefcase with a mock bomb set up.
disassembling a perfectly good radio and stuffing it into a briefcase isn't making a radio? he's not a child prodigy ? lol
she knows who she is in the end so everything else shouldn't matter
some person with three followers said james trashed her all summer
lol notice my handle matt mesenplas lol just remember serenity now or namaste while in the kitchen.
i'll post a video of how you make champagne chicken with fresh made brioche. sauce is better the second day.
it's colder than a witches tit right now ...
pretty fucking cold
really, brooklyn 99's biggest problem was probably timing- s1 was the most pure its identity ever was but then 2014 happened
so much of what defined b99 s1 as solid comes from the way it dug the situation angle of sitcom and that all dried up down the line
italian stallions at the san gennaro feast photo by gingon25
be safe guys on mulberry your covered hope you guys had great time angelo's best of best there b
hey birthday buddy.. happy birthday. hope 20 is everything you wished for &amp; more
happy birthday too you too! can't wait to meet up for drinks!
is anyone using instagram stories?
big time - in fact, i spotted using snapchat
who said that
some darius jones
like all those work relationships that make season 1 interesting are compounded by the fact that characters all have literal rank
forcing modern sitcom archetypes into a situation of group work, point scoring, and level rankings was a brilliant move
thanks man
hell yeah brother i was texting you earlier cause i met a girl who is now one of my coolest friends out here lol anyway
why do people think bacon can go with/on anything?? like absolutely not &amp; if you're one of those people you're disturbing af
i seen someone get a donut with bacon on it, almost vomed. ugh
my credit card arrived and i'm so tempted to buy a new hoover
is that like a flesh light
there's so many people that pop up on my tl so i click on their profile &amp; they already follow me.. it's awkward
its because the internet went crazy when you said
like terry crews' character is so compelling s1 cause of the unique role he plays, 1/2-way between command and the detectives
but, the lynchpin that makes all of that work is that they're cops and the show is taking that very lightly, you can't really do that now
hell yeah brother i was texting you earlier cause i met a girl who is now one of my coolest friends out here lol anyway
she goes to san francisco art university and goes to school to be a producer, i'ma hang out w her sunday and show her your
still bitter! we coulda had a p/v/n/m f4...possibly natalie woulda won like paul said
yup! that wouldve been awesome! but nat was protecting james gross. and he wasn't 4 her
he real childish and told me to block him. so my wish was his command
i think you meant his wish was your command you stupid miami thot.
yo, some of my followers lowkey kinda thicc
it's okay to call me fat. i've accepted this already.
who said that
well at least we know lil meech always has james back that try to hurt him
you still need to watch the show its everythinnnnnnng
i agree!!! it's such a good show my fav is roxy and alaska
im back i hate math fck that shit
*plays that's my girl" by fifth harmony in the background
is a common arc for episodic sitcoms.
i maintain, as i just blathered about, that part of the problem was also the cultural landscape shifting under them
we won best at !!! thanks to our 200+ employees worldwide who m...
congratulations!
- ur not proud of your name...? i never knew any1 "proud" of their eye color or height...
i'm very proud of my name. my family came to new york from ireland as immigrants.
well the banks i'm taking about want you to be rich and live a long time to make them richer. legitimate businesses.
money doesn't die. people do. the big insurers pulled out of obamacare already. if you die it goes into probate np for banks
vic shoulda fought harder. paul pushing to take out nat over james was idiotic
agree vic did try but he knew he didnt have the votes. lurch won the veto and wanted nat out.
i'm going back to sleep, i can't with this epic love story is telling..
she's my "great white buffalo"
i realize i'm about 40 years late, but rich girl by hall and oates is quite possibly the best song of all time (at least in my book)
it's my ringtone
was in the shower and remembered how stupid i was in high school. got my jersey out of the washing machine, and needed it to dry fast
i had a game in 2 hours, so i put the jersey in the microwave. put the timer to 60secs, and got it out. all i got was a warm soggy jersey.
mark it: if trump loses narrowly in 2016, he's running again in 2020.
say it ain't so
i had a game in 2 hours, so i put the jersey in the microwave. put the timer to 60secs, and got it out. all i got was a warm soggy jersey.
seriously doubt why i'm alive right now.
the sitcom b99 most reminds me of is probably newsradio though it's mid-seasons aren't as strong
like is there a self-absorbed &amp; immature lead talent and a quirky redheaded secretary working for the taciturn bossman?
i got disney xd. i'd rather upgrade my cable package than buy it digitally after last year's dewbacle.
welcome to the party.
yeah! hugo award winner is a superstar! no one can compete his pump prime moves! and wait... oh.
seriously hope you standard intro is, "this is my husband, the hugo award winning "
love this but didn't have a chance to see the demo.
it was definitely pretty impressive!
icymi: anthony weiner allegedly asked a 15-year-old to dress up in school uniforms and be part of "rape fantasies"
this person is a loathsome, pathetic, gargoyle. his conduct just boggles the mind.
in a like ambulance staff use a triage sieve to provide care for overwhelming patients.
this makes sense really
opening this friday @ noon!
yessss finally
and this is where my heart melts.
on the next panel they talk about how ohana means family
max 20 people at united nations speech
aust only important when called to war by the us. otherwise inconsequential
ok but i can be unemployed and not count as part of the work force under trump too how is my life different?
i've been there. was on unemp when gop refused to expand benefits. i said never again and started a business.
. should receive a pulitzer for the work he's doing on trump's scam charities.
he will; bet on it.
to go back to sleep or not, that is the question.
lol jk i'm going back to sleep obviously
don't worry i'll vote to help you just get frustrated knowing it won't help me.
i pray things get better for you. i've been there, trust me. i am holding her acctble. thank u for voting
so don't spam me asking when soul link will be up lmao zzz
thank fuck i sleep as weirdly as you, that shits always up when i eventually wake up lmao
do you know that no matter how many gold-plated faucets you have you will never be as classy as ?...
wow! is that true? where's the evidence. i'll bet would be interested in the source. thanks!
wtf is this nat should've stayed with vic bullshit lmfaooo
he had her back more than that ugly troll james had. untill nat betrayed vic
the signs as joanne the scammer gifs aquarius:
so true lmfao
ike playing ! he's officially my favorite character!
oh, you must love the episode they did on minecraft then lmao
i actually think b99 could've maintained their same style even with our cultural shift on cops but the show had other problems too
mainly it was already moving really fast for a show like boyle burns through what feels like 4 seasons worth of character change in 1 season
i dun goofed missing out on boyslikegirls tour
there were in the bay?!?!??122!1?!11?1?1
homie are you fucking high
no you are. this is your fav gross.
should i take a nap or just start my day?
start w my hair first
. trump is no longer suing after judge laughed the case out of court.
gees, talk about old news!
go to sleep
niggas got essay's to write .
getting up for work at 2:30 has taught me all the reasons i enjoy sleep
2:30?!?!! what time does your shift start wtf
on the subject of omelets i made 12 back to back killer omelets on a camp stove recently. made me think about how most ranges are too hot.
slow and low, baby.
told myself to not fall asleep early because my body would think it's a nap..... now i'm wide awake at 2:25...
count sheep, but backwards. seriously. the thoughts of it should put you back 2 sleep in no time flat. :)
they only talked abt nic after nat put them up, lol.
yup!!! agree 100% before ratcole got nat to flip on p/v they wanted nat final 3 with them.
got people on madison needing
yes all 5 of us pleasseeee
car overturned on southern state at state trooper station westbound
car is now upright. hope it didn't mess up your commute. car overturned on southern state at state trooper station westbound
good luck today!i'm off to make sure fans can safely do what you're doing without threat
thank you
what sharif is trying to do - draw links between kashmir killings and pakistani terrorism to justify them. we should not let that link form.
to not let that link form, the killings of civilians in kashmir should stop. else it's an easy justification for him
prefer this height from just the look
beautiful
hi erica, love your books. i'm looking for an ios developer for my startup. wondering if you have any recommendations. thanks
we build ios apps! our recent work: please inbox details to leads.com (212) 209 1537
in line for what? just curious...ty
on line to meet sam heughan from outlander
yfn lucci "key to the streets (remix)" feat. lil wayne, 2 chainz &amp; quavo... via
lil wayne going off
they were never true to james. their loyalty to nat was up in the air
true. they wanted james out but not nat. paul loved nat like a sis and vic was cool with nat.
last question sorry kickers josh brown giants or nick novak houston , adam veniterri , thank u again
no worries. kickers are a dime, a dozen, so just pick one and feel good about it. i like brown, for what it's worth.
fire take alert: "i hate war, so i'm voting for the guy who wants to seize iraqi oil fields"
2 friends i grew up with told me they were now republicans becuz democrats weren't like the "old" democratic party??
welp spent the whole day in bed. let's try to at least get to the couch tomorrow?
are you ill?
she's choosing to look like that, she wasn't born like that so i have every right to call her face a train wreck...
? who are you talking about?
he's about 18-19 years old
no! he looks like a young horse. how long has he been working in nyc? it certainly doesn't show on him
that's a huge pet peeve, i don't even want to flush it to begin with because germs but at least i do
gotta use your foot
good morning!!! already at work! have a great day!
nope just up about to get my future successors up to go to school then get ready for work lol
stop eating at places without automatic flush...class it up, bruv.
then i can't look at it afterwards. fucking shit thieves.
after changing password... checking now
no be by password change. disconnect the app from your preferences page.
v wanted n out since first buyback. n would have been gone pre-jury w/out j
no way, he was hoh twice and did'nt put nat up. even when paulie told him to
this thread.
i'm still thinking about this thread. i would have had to throw hands on this day .
good morning!! here is a beauty queen to brighten your dayyou are all amazing and beautiful and i love you all
"oh god oh god oh god!!" said that out loud and my mom got worried
i'm seeing lots of white boomer cucks posting mlk pics and begging for their sanitized fantasy of black people back.
practical advice for white people regarding the .
hillary clinton is far more positive on twitter than donald trump.
she's also literate, intelligent, thoughtful, calm &amp; strong. such a "yuge" difference.
malo 'aupito lord fusitu'a. more in-depth excerpt of interview to follow soon.
glad to. it's a matter that merits further discussion &amp; immediate implementation
notice they don't show this one?
spare the rod, spoil the coon.
let's not do revisionist history here k?thx
okay my bad but u kno james didnt really have nats back he new ratcole hated her
i hate defending these idiots. but there's some really sloppy reporting on the lewandowski story &gt;&gt;&gt; via
but what's in his separation agreement that could cause loss of severance? a non-disparagement clause? that wouldn't be ok.
new big fan, who to start? b. marshall, a. cooper, m. evans, s. diggs, w. snead, or a. robinson. yes that's on one team lol
standard league have 3 spots to fill including the flex
you know, i think i like this elektra costume just as much as the netflix one and that one defenders variant cover.
oh holy shit is that h.e.r.b.i.e.!?
james will help her get through it. remember how she handled paulie and paul and nicole. she's tough she's gonna be fine.
lol whats funny is these idiots will cry cause they get blocked and cant follow her
that video of the homeless guy being beat up is from london, not .
the reporter getting "polar-beared"? -that was priceless.
paul made up a degrading nick name (ft's) &amp; yelled at her/slut shamed her ..
i get that, but why vote personal and not game. meech didnt vote personal.
so when asks him why he changed his mind, wonder how he'll spin? press him lester,
trump will pull a kellyanne, totally lie and put it on hrc.
:it is time,to share the knowhow on tackling drought,water management,security ,cybertech to !
yes indeed, . this is a growing partnership happening across africa as we tweet.
they aren't. they have a higher rating than the american red cross &amp; release more info annually than required.
trying to argue w/a trump supporter armed w/facts is pointless. they don't care. they have their dictator/conman.
wildlife documentary star attacked by crocodile:
bitten by one of the animals that feed him
politico: yellen helps hillary dodge bullet...
well good for her but it really has taken a toll on bill.
next week's nails: plastic blue
smoking hot!!
i'm sure we're taller in another dimension
you dream of walls that hold us in prison it's just a skull, least that's what they call it and we're free to roam
hurt me so bad honestly, but i had to remind my childhood friend that i've been better than her for going on about...
"fat shaming is not okay..but...ur fat"
im feeling the fall vibe but cant be getting that pumpkin spice latte without you
because i'm a typical white girl we can facetime and go to starbucks just don't forget your uggs!
our art theater is usually 11-12 bucks, just checked the local amc is 12.50 imax stuff is a lot more 16.50-17
i swear every time i go to buy a ticket they raise the price .25 cents
wow i love getting hospitolized :( ...not.
what happened
hot take: necco wafers? they're bad.
they're cool if you're old
don't let the expensive clothes fool you. these are not good people. they appear to believe "what's mine is mine" &amp;...
the entire family are cons. i've never seen folks that would just lie so much.
how can you even call 2,325 bullish? if anything, that should be the low end of the range: 2,325-3,325
mrkt has a hall monitor pass for the rest of the yr, enjoy new aths &amp; djtrump
my biggest amc gripe is those shitty coke mix machines.
they don't have them here yet. but we do have the reclining seats
the black man from brooklyn who called in at the end of the show brought a tear to my eye. that's my biggest fear
he called in a land said 10 cops stopped him and said he was beating his wife. his wife had to come around the corner and say he didn't.
mexican wrestler on trump: "tell him to go f--k his mother"
soooo, i guess that means you're not voting for me?
he called in a land said 10 cops stopped him and said he was beating his wife. his wife had to come around the corner and say he didn't.
i was in a pizza restaurant getting a snapple last night when 3 police officers walked in. felt 10x less safe instantly.
omg! get the extra sleep! it's 5:59 here lol
i'm like super awake probably gonna take a dab to put me back to sleep lol
our art theater where we had the fest down here has dr. browns, praise the lord!
wtf is dr. browns? sounds ghetto
is hanson demanding that the government break up the abc as her price for passing media law reform?
by hook or by crook, only a matter of time before murdoch gets rid of "competition"
reporter gets assaulted by charlotte protesters. cc:
good. can't say the lying/omtting msm didn't have it coming.
yeah, absolutely.
though i do note, watching it again, that s1 moves very quickly, like boyles goes through 4 seasons of change in 1 season
damn all the best food is in nyc
but this is the best coast
rioters are beating up people just because they're white. even the homeless! disgusting
the only basis for their actions... . paychecks!!
fact the obama administration paid a $1.7 billion ransom to .
not a "ransom" but another obma excuse to place cash into the hands of terrorists. do the review. 2009 thru 2017...
how long into learning a language does it take to comprehend written mistakes?
if you focus on that, not long. if you want it to happen naturally then same answer as to "how long is a piece of string" :)
she said she wanted victor nicole or james to win. nicole made it; the other two didn't.
why tho? ratcole &amp; lurch hated n and wanted her out even with n gone all ratcole did was bash nat
it takes a lot--more than anyone will ever know--to support a career journalist, especially me....
awesome! congratulations.
hello! we are afraid there must've been a misunderstanding as we have refunded the full deposit back to your card. thanks!
yes. a misunderstanding as 1,248.70 (paid) is not equal to 1,184.18 (received). a 64.52 misunderstanding that you owe me.
" good morning christine happy thursday
good morning charlie!
how can aec firms ensure grads get the skills they need to bring immediate value to the field?
"..ensure grads get the skills they need.." get socio-fascism out'a the classroom... at every level!!
here we go: criminal charges coming for "third son" of the cuomo clan.
more material for the museum of political corruption. the mpc
haha dude its anything but how do you not know it!
ohhhh that stuff. it's always pretty expensive at the grocery stores upstate
hehe. there's always a herbie in some way, somehow.
i have a lot of emotions about little robots like herbie, also kelex
just finished the best little whorehouse in texas, i've had several beers. now we're watching 9 to 5. did i mention i have to work tomorrow?
why does your life sound so exciting
polyglots who can really motivate you in your language studies:
thanks for the very kind words :)
what is the connection to the ?? and i think we'll still make it to the playoffs!
no direct connection --just something to make people smile, cuz that was a rough loss...
final score i win 56-11.
i was brutal
congratulations to nicole for winning big brother 18!
congrats nicole i saw it last night
had to block that girl..total nutcase
what did she say? lol
so when you can afford the best wellness you can live a long time. making people poor doesn't make banks rich.
if you die the money sits there and banks invest your money and make interest
radicals wreak havoc at a homecoming ceremony for british troops - deport them? via chicken
they're scumbags
i'm not sure how long he's been in the city
well, ask him the next time you see him!
idk wtf tat is but this seems solid for season 1
its this show about canadian hicks and goths and hockey players that live in a small farm town lol t's funny af watch it
you're the white supremacist, you tell us.
is this a joke?
rip to handwritten era in less than 24 hours
nahhhh this era will always be special
which is part of how it works then it stalls out.
it was built as well as they could make it- but not to last
can't wait to see the video of eating crow!
oh danny really you want to see how gross it is to eat a crow
wait, what the hell? was con air - the film - a really niche pun this whole time?! or is this hair-dryer a really n...
it would finally answer my eternal question of why they didn't call the film "air con" mind you
are you going to the international open data conference in two weeks? i'll be there as well. will you have time to meet?
yes, let's definitely meet!
rioters are beating up people just because they're white. even the homeless! disgusting
as . tweeted:
i for one am not renewing my greens membership - very angry with them
i'm unhappy change of direction under as he heads to the right
they stole the cash register inside and stripped it from all its contents. this was only one local business
aren't there any good shopkeepers in ?
though thin blue line directly addressed police fascism and it came out in the early '90s
"the public is in no greater danger than when the police think themselves above the law" -thin blue line
i love when likes my tweets too!!!!
that's everyone's usual reaction. who's that laurie girl?
more stupid memes please.
if he doesn't have any stupid memes,say racist shit&amp;call for him to get his ass kicked or killed
mine got total silence which felt like i bombed when it fact the troll wrote and unfunny mean tweet. or the crowd...
it's the latter judd..
they're already rolling?
yep soon. the first consist should be in service sometime this winter. according to the update emails...
this is not a it's a . is a hate group to inspire votes for candidates creating a false narrative.
well said, suzanne, well said! as . twited:
have a magical day!!!
any update on the moat?
prelim ticket offers "free rail travel on sydney trains", with disclaimer "excludes international and domestic stations". what's left?
that's the airport stations.
i initially read that as "a caveman who speaks 11 languages...". i need to finish my morning coffee.
lol!! that could actually work - i could say "caveman spanish" instead of "tarzan spanish" :)
hi! we have sent you a dm with more details. thanks!
i've replied already to that. awaiting for further details.
giuliani at rnc. "what difference does it matter?" totally out of context.
giuliani was right that hrc was lying about her medical condition and she still has not come clean.
thank the war pig hitlery for this, she destroyed middle east get your head out of sand
you really just deny history, deplorable.
the new professional platform for former students in france ...
thank you and thank you . this is an encouragement to our and to what we do!
i wish people would stop calling it a protest. it was a riot.
"chimpout" is the preferred lexicon.
yes, you don't grow up in a home w/ trump as father and not turn out shady as hell. even if he didn't want any part...
yep. tiffany is the outsider. she may be more decent than the other three. the young one still has a chance.
wait you both know each other!?! amazing!!! yay! i love u micah
how could i not know the queen ? you're in the best hands
big fan of your stuff. been following for a year. you might have seen me in your live chat &amp; facebook. do you follow fans?
since i genuinely use twitter and like to catch up on my stream, i only follow close friends and brands i like. sorry! ;)
trump not responsible didn't run until 6/2015. blm began protests/riots since michael brown shooting 8/2014.
yes and cop violence toward african americans has been around for 200 years, what's your point
ghwbush vote for hillary; gwbush silent; jeb no vote for gop. jeff sessions: bushes have forgotten who elected them.
oh those silly, crazy satanists, they're hilarious!
turn your weakness into a strength. that's the idea.] now will this be well executed? probably not.
this is precisely the marketing play.
tj is bae asf
i don't know how you tweeted this and i didn't notice. i'm so s h o t
how do you qc your production roasts?
is it truly qc if you've already packaged and shipped the product to customers?
i always hesitate to throw away a good box i could potentially use down the line (like shipping). this is how i end up with piles of boxes.
i use to save record mailers when i use to sell/trade. till i had like 25 stored away. just threw them all away
trump not responsible didn't run until 6/2015. blm began protests/riots since michael brown shooting 8/2014.
the fact is, trump is promoting and advocating racist, nazi memes, supporting kkk and nat stop&amp;search programs
poll says kaepernick 'most disliked' player in the league
so, what? his job is to get the ball moved to the goal, not to be liked. you may boo him from your super bowl seat.
this is the part where "law and order" trump celebrates a convicted killer and fellow epic huckster.
this is part where "journalist" allen "forgets" to mention king was pardoned, in hall of fame, has street in ohio.
trump not responsible didn't run until 6/2015. blm began protests/riots since michael brown shooting 8/2014.
you want to blame anyone for violence going on? blame the nazi king trump
listen to don't tread on me by metallica @
from the last of the great metallica albums
remember when you hated your hair so you hideously cut your own bangs - at 7 y/o? always so bold &amp; daring...happy b...
you're also better at getting good grades, shooting a gun, eating unhealthy, not working out, snowboarding, dressing up - after i taught you
it was a funny clip! thanks! never seen it before. but these keep on getting up after falling, no?
dude. i'm a fan. trust me: it ain't over
trump not responsible didn't run until 6/2015. blm began protests/riots since michael brown shooting 8/2014.
blm btw hasn't shot 1 single person. and isn't labled a hate group by fed gov like whitelivesmatter is
mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan pledge $4 billion to fight all disease
my profound dislike of facebook is slightly mitigated by this couple's behaviour.
trump not responsible didn't run until 6/2015. blm began protests/riots since michael brown shooting 8/2014.
might want to get an education before trying to debate me sweetums.
when is someone going to stop him? when will the endless barrage of his crimes be enough to call this sick joke of...
the birthed him. they thought he was thigh slapping funny w/ the birther stuff.....now trump is out of control.
there was a really early fridays host segment from late 2003 (when it lacked many skits and felt much more relaxed)
this was pre-nzinga, right?
this is the part where "law and order" trump celebrates a convicted killer and fellow epic huckster.
this is the part where "journalist" allen ignores clinton's siding with criminals, losing cop endorsement to trump
was really great to meet you! teekkrler!
was great to meet you too! just catching up on tweets now after weeks on the road ;)
5 most unusual places to eat dinner in san francisco:
we've never had a good meal in the tonga room. recently had dinner at farallon. good but rather over-priced. lovely room.
will do. so then easter egg attempt today?
this weekend
i can't wait until black people realize they're the most powerful demographic in america and start taking advantage of it.
if 30% of the black population quit shopping with white folks businesses for a solid 6 months they would feel it.
you're also better at getting good grades, shooting a gun, eating unhealthy, not working out, snowboarding, dressing up - after i taught you
you're also a1 at sarcasm, humor, pettiness, and reading music because it took me forever to learn how to read music...
misfits - she one minute of awesome
nice one ricardo
and they referred to many promos - pretty much all of the appearances they had together
okay, i think i know what you're talking about. im trying to remember, on the tip of my tongue.
dear mqm pakistan don't make us choose between altaf hussain &amp; dr farooq sattar - you'll be disappointed.
the more this continues people will be sick and tired of both sides and go to someone else
blow up i can't--
hahaha i gonna promo the shit out of that album i'm like so ready!
while hillary clinton has had some good national pols lately, trump had some good state polls yesterday.
all the ones favoring djt are fox news polls. gee, coincidence?
hey ay..good morning
great day all
cannot believe i am going to ibiza the day leaves i'm already crying
wait when bri and i are looking at tickets actually
hubby went over gwb said coffee pot is off but he had to let the dogs out! he says you're welcome lol
thank him for me! rt: hubby went over gwb said coffee pot is off but he had to let the dogs out! he says you're welcome lol
. i consider it a personal insult that i've held on to hope for 7 yrs &amp; the only thing that changed was you
obama has given hope and change. lowered unemployment by half, lowered uninsured rate 10%, created 15 mil new jobs
and this is your fav in a few years gtfoooo
keep reachin u kno james is ugly af and nat can do better everybody says it gtfo
trump gets more money from government than entire state of ohio. trump: 'welfare king'
he's comparing 30 years to one year
. i consider it a personal insult that i've held on to hope for 7 yrs &amp; the only thing that changed was you
chased out khadafi without losing a single servicemen. is helping iraq this month fully defeat isis in iraq.
because christmas just around the corner and they need gifts
oh right, all makes sense now
great news: our call tones are out so we get to pull shifts on night watch all night long. just what i needed, less sleep.
don't forget to feed the horses
as new day's events start at - my report on weds developments on :
if diplomacy hasn't worked up until now &amp; putin &amp; assad are still lying, bombing &amp; starving civilians, why should they change
. i consider it a personal insult that i've held on to hope for 7 yrs &amp; the only thing that changed was you
if you aren't happier now than 8 years ago, you are republican and therefore worthless and stupid.
hi benny, pre-ordered all your langauge courses - looking forward 2 them! - from down in australia :)
have they arrived yet? :)
apology accepted. cc:
now if only would man up and do same.
i've thought this before but brooklyn 99 season 1 is a shockingly good set-up for a video game
i mean games have been able to find the fun in all forms of murder, you'd think they could find the fun in police work
when i click the links on the it sends me to which doesn't know what's going on.
sorry for delay in replying? did you sort this out with book depository or booktopia or similar?
ew thats gross or how about chocolate with bacon on it ugh i hate ppl
ewwww da fuck i mean i love bacon but that's just gross. although i do eat pineapple on my pizza it's so good!
yeah, it was nov. 2003 for sure, actually
so basically, this was almost like a clip-show within a sketch?
nothing. and i may be wrong, but i believe the mentality is no justice for whats going on, no peace in the streets.
well i think we can at least agree that it has nothing to do with the cause.
see the film voted best documentary . streaming on :
saw it a year or few ago. liked it. might re-see it!
president obama says he'll be personally offended if african-americans don't vote for hillary!
...all the while . offending entire black community with . policies~haven't worked for 150years!!
what that's still they have open carry laws in nc. just bc u have a gun doesn't
mean he's trying to kill anyone. the problem is bc he was black it did and they killed him.
i strongly disagree w that mentality, but i can understand being at the pt of frustration where thats all u feel u can do
although i've seen a lot of blacks completely disavow themselves from such actions, it hurts more than helps.
dude, the whole series is amazing. i've re-read all of them half a dozen times
hah, just bumped into them a few weeks ago. fell into it immediately.
while clinton underscores experience, trump blames bad immigration policies for ny/nj attacks
only thing you haven't been successful cause everything you get involved with you cant finish isis because of your polocy's
the most troubling thing is that keith scott's family can't the difference between a book and a gun.
they have probably never seen a book.
in last 3 decades, trump received $885m in tax breaks, while ohio got $686m in 2014 to provide for needy families. trump is a welfare king.
using legal tax codes to keep the money you earn is not welfare
me when i'm 21
21 shego
in ny, god couldn't afford it. in utah, a mcdonald's employee would be living lavish lol
exactly. rent in new york city is ridiculous. jersey is a bit cheaper
starting today @ 17:05. should get 7/8 holes in.
all the best pal
black men for bernie founder now backing trump, warns hell rescind support if the donald...
i have no words for how stupid some people really are. there is stupid and then there is stupid as a brick.
are you fucking highhh j had nat's back more than he had his lol
when then? you mean nat had james back 100%. james had his back and ratcole more
happy birthday cutieee, love you lots
thanks pretty ilysm xox
i'm definitely liking the idea of a space precinct reboot!
right? that ip is rife with potential
my spotify tells everyone what i'm listening to anyway, so
i'm dying from this
episodes like the bodycam one hint where the show could have gone if things were otherwise.
so much of the show was grounded in a childlike comedic fantasy of police work and that avenue was pretty much just closed
i totally agree: trump: 'i would do stop-and-frisk' to lower crime rates in black community
of course you would, you racist nazi bastard.
it was a funny clip! thanks! never seen it before. but these keep on getting up after falling, no?
see? i really tried to do something nice for mets fans this morn... am i getting any credit?
while clinton underscores experience, trump blames bad immigration policies for ny/nj attacks
hillary's policy's as secretary of state put our american lives at risk
hi, the team is in lisbon this week. can a few of us stop by for a tour?
welcome in lisbon! :) i'll write you an email to schedule the visit /hana
so much of the show was grounded in a childlike comedic fantasy of police work and that avenue was pretty much just closed
i always thought it was funny they featured a "my 1st policeman" kid's set in an episode for that very reason
high alert at naval bases in mumbai, thane after suspicious sighting of possibly armed men near uran base. search ops on
this has become like a joke really
i strongly disagree w that mentality, but i can understand being at the pt of frustration where thats all u feel u can do
also if that's the only way to deal w/their frustration then the problem will not get solved.
no. not losing cop endorsement. fop is white cops only.
fop is over 300k officers of all races, far larger than any police organization that has endorsed clinton.
it was mentioned on toonzone in one of the fridays first impression threads
hmm...again, im actually remembering this slightly, but i can't seem to remember details. it's actually very aggravating lol
good night johneveryone
good morning all
week 2 of was notably weaker but angela bassett is liiiving - my recap:
oh and the scene that the screen cap is from also made me jump!
online picture of the week: by grant glendinning - well done -
beautiful feeling of no space or time
its entirely counterproductive, to me. but youd think we'd b past the point where any1 felt those actions were necessary.
i agree but you'd also think people are evolved enough to come up with better ways to protest.
can any recommend any wordpress wizzes? looking for someone to work on my website
we do have very good experience in wordpress. we have designed &amp; developed several wordpress sites.
it was mentioned on toonzone in one of the fridays first impression threads
most of my knowledge sitsing 00-06 kids wb, but i've got some on cn too, just dont think abut it much, so forgive me.
happy b-day my best sis:)) ...
good day ay &amp; all
didn't know c was a fan of masters of sex! learn something new everyday
i've been with him almost 10years and i didn't know that either definitely learning something new too
. heres something funny i read from a book called shutting out the sun its written by a jew
...and they wonder why they ended up getting prematurely cremated.
by the way, if anyone knows how to set up a website. hit me. i'm very curious.
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
ordered some new glasses because now i'm addicted to these frames. give me all the colors.
what frames are they?! i have similar ones but they're broken:(
yeah, but i still need to know what happened to flipper.
has been saying this show is amazing. i need to give it a shot!
i mean games have been able to find the fun in all forms of murder, you'd think they could find the fun in police work
especially given how much of the childlike fantasy of police work in b99 is based around playing with police toys
americans say the economy under president obama isn't working for them. here's why:
cutting tax and spend more on military will only add to the deficit.
coming out of retrograde hemmed me up a little bit.
shit, that's what it was. lol, i tried to just drown myself in work cus people &amp; i weren't doing too well.
okay but why am i throwing up blood?
if you dont cut the shit and go to the hospital i will make you
i don't know what the hell this latimes poll is doing, but this is not normal polling behavior.
apparently . or promised them 'something!' maybe... not make 'it' look like an accident!!
mrs g is doing her nails. when did they make nail polish remover smell nice? this is a substantial quality-of-life improvement.
plot twist: they didn't make it nice. you are now addicted.
thats brill maybe you could try flying..i tried but gear stick to blooming 'sensitive' 4 me
helicopters totally freak me out
trump's initial campaign manager was definitely previously a russian lobbyist
i think you mean ukrainian. but so was the firm founded by john podesta, 's chair and run by his brother,
at the end of the day, you can't beat a good disney tune.
yes! it's a tale as old as time......
your still here tho so ion know what you talkin bout
it's the mandala effect
assange is definitely in russia
i think you mean snowden. assange is in london.
honestly would be a fan to see your editing approach to films! gave you an 8-4 bump to show i mean business!
thanks so much man! yea we're gonna show that stuff in the behind the scenes stuff. thinking about doing editing streams too
in major shift, trump is critical of police officer who killed unarmed black man
major shift? can you name one time when trump ever supported a cop who shot an unarmed person?
angelina jolie gets divorced world media goes crazy, kids in middle east dying from bombs and drones yet so silent
pls don't curse
justice department investigating tulsa cop shooting
glad to hear your report this morning that the protest was passionate but peaceful. thank you, ana!
the bigger problem is that one group commits crime at &gt;&gt; rate. stereotypes would diminish if blacks would stop acti...
its almost as if such an ability would be evolutionary advantageous...
i...i...i just...i mean... *puts fingers in ears, starts rocking back &amp; forth while quietly humming somewhere over...
the only acceptable stop and frisk is to halt the big cheeto and shake him down for his tax returns
how does us dominos compare to uk dominos? worse i suspect..?
totally different man, it's really weird. us dominos is more like regular pizza. i miss uk dominos a bit actually :d
in one month...
spend, hillary, spend!!!
still playing blond, but it did take me a good 5-6 spins to truly appreciate it.
any favorite tracks?
but assange has been publicly hostile to hrc.so trusting wikileaks to provide a balanced view of the evidence would be stupid
i thought we were tallking about greenwald. have you read any of his tweets about trump?
in 2011, i took a flight in a over bangalore. my report on that day.
really.....???? wow man....
at least they didn't bone victor on the vote!
not this time at least. they still have to makeup for the acp
no one could help me when i needed it.
u a fuckin cat breh
getting there, my love. how are you?
always in my thoughts. i can't complain, much to be grateful for.
since the bible is demonstrably false romans has nothing to say that changes that fact. nothing proves the bible true.
i have been to israel twice and i have proved to myself the bible is true! unbelievers may remain deluded.
imagine you had the flu, pneumonia, took days to recover, got clean bill of health, then took more days off would you still have a job?
better question: would your quack doctor still have her license?
because no matter your race, skin color, religion or political background, donald trump affects us all.
of course that rings a bell. it is going to be the reality if trump is elected.
oh wow it is weird seeing donald trump references in old tv, like chillingly weird, kind of uncomfortable really...wow
it was a throwaway 1 word reference too, jesus, where history takes us no man may say
"magic mike fame" is that how it is now, lee?
that's how it always was. n.r.e.a.m.
we must have the courage to face this: the exploitation of black bodies was built into the fabric of our nation.
try worrying about the native americans genocide for land ..
im laughing way more than i should
i'm dying
"magic mike fame" is that how it is now, lee?
and i ain't abandoning it just yet.
since the bible is demonstrably false romans has nothing to say that changes that fact. nothing proves the bible true.
the book of romans was used by harvard law school as a perfect example of logic until it became totally secular.
that's beautiful to read. don't let that go .
holding on w| the jaws of life. you really sleep minimally, huh?
i need to find a web developer...
please give us a call : 212.209.1537 to discuss further about your requirements!
wow talk about a bad decision lol. epic fail for real
one day remind me to tell you about my netflix investment story.
because he lives in a bigoted bubble of lily-white ignorance, trump's clueless that 'stop &amp; frisk' in ny was completely discredited.
more a disaster than discredited
"that's a powerful bag" i say to meself as i pack groceries in aldi, simultaneously confirming my status as a mucksavage and a dad
"poppas got a brand new bag" gary yelled as he burst back into the house, waking the newborn.
mets sidebar...well cespedes hit a walk off home run...but the mets base runners are doing the walking off. tremendous catch. mets lose. :/
that was a tough game for the mets!!
dramatic personal news: so, after six extremely happy years, this week will be my last week at cnet. *shocked emoji* [1/4]
you gave so much to that site and leave it in a better place. amazing work man. best of luck on the new adventure! xxx
what a great backdrop!
any update on the moat cleaning?
obama/hillary have let vets down veteran kills himself in parking lot of v.a. hospital on long island
have congress and senate only get treatment at the va ..see how quickly it gets better !!!
looters hit the fan shop at the arena in uptown.
of course!! gotta be 'well-dressed' for post-riot "stylin' 'n' profilin'.." what's that got'ta do with the protest?!?
i will use cli to prep aps for install in certain situations.snmpwalk to map port connections.
fat aps, yes?
hillary sold out america through her clinton foundation. dishonest and hiding something again.
inmidstof trump'scharityscandaluwant2talk abthillaryhidingsomething?tellnarcissist2releasetaxes
black people, please tend to your . if the is too much for you, log off.
i refuse to watch the video. i already have enough fears as a new mother.
"i saved the lives of 8,000 black people," says guiliani, referring to stop and frisk.
it galls me that he doesn't realize that he is a large part of the problem.
quite the opposite in fact
if you deny the existence of the supernatural, it is impossible to believe the bible.
happy birthday to my main bitch i love you and hope your day is as rad as you are...
thank you so much kay!! i love you with all my heart bitchh
1. ull over ne quebec. 2. frontal boundary drops due south 3. surface winds back from se-sw-ne 3. air mass origin...
high pressure builds down from the nw
normal start time tomorrow. 7am est. let's see how far we can get before friday!
what light are you at lono?
quite the opposite in fact
even without the bible, general revelation proves to met here is a god.
the average over the past 50 years for national debt held by the public is 39% of the economy. debt is currently ov...
so if i have $1 million in treasuries what's that? that's a bad thing???
saving lives with such a bravery worth a lot congrats keep up
congratulations! my heroes! thank you for all of your sacrifices!
i need sumone 2 help me create a website
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
elizabeth warren shows hillary how it's done:
brava, elizabeth! "y'dun good" is saying too little.
41,000 ask congress to stop paying obama while he campaigns for hillary
is there no law against this? this is the money we bust out asses for and obama spends ot on hillary?...
at least 4 police officers were injured wednesday in a protests in charlotte, authorities posted on twitter....
you promote racism by identifying people as a color not as americans..you call a riot a protest.sad journalism bias..
no call from the president for calm. no statement regarding waiting for evidence to come out. ...
that's because the potus is actually a pos
myself, i have the fondest memories of cn this is likely false but did you have it around the late 90s too?
pffttt...i had watched cn then, i think. i was young as all hell, but i recall i had cn on more often than nick, for sure
calling my network, i need a rails-centric (or comfortable) front-end developer with a passion for performance.
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send us your details to leads.com
that would be cool. alas, weekday nights during school don't work for me. and the donation is pretty pricey iirc.
sigh...yes to all of this.
obama doesn't care about black people or black lives. obama cares about victim culture and starting race wars.
. only cares about himself and his negative legacy!! his deal w/. failed to mention 'legacy.."
"the constitution was never meant to prevent people from praying; its declared purpose was to protect their freedom to pray" ~ ronald reagan
i am a proud member of the deplorables.
obama got the terrorist ny. thank you. add that to bin laden and ending the bush recession. great job
you call this prosperity than your a dick
koji uehara has solidified red sox bullpen via some things are inexplicable
you mean like ordering your best sp to take the field as a pinch runner &amp; get hurt instantly? inexplicable like that?
i miss you too! where in the world are you now?
nyc! nyc! happy to be home for a sec. come over! :p
thank you dubai. update on blog due. looking forward to my return trip. next stop nyc.
temperature is roughly the same here. you in town this evening?
i'm a 6. bad face symmetry, which is true
i think i also suffer from mouth too small for nose
wasted months of my life to watch this show just to see them hand $500,000 to the most undeserving houseguest?!!...
paul was robbed
top of the morning my twiggas
morning
work slack is so lonely when you're five hours ahead :(
i'm 8 hours ahead. it sucks.
afghanistan signs peace deal with one of the country's notorious warlords.
that says it all .. a country with a warlord is why there are deaths..25 years of soldiers deaths for nothing..
i presented 6 of extremely rare jahangir zodiac rupee series. presenting full 12 coins
congratulations.this is an exceptional collection!
i remain disheartened by the base meanness, the callow vitriol, the willful ignorance at loose in the land. we can be better than this.
i agree with u
what the hell does that even mean? are you saying you're still a birther but lying about it?
of course he is lying. everything he says is a lie.
new poll shows trump beating hillary for being honest by more than 10%. how is the possible? he does nothing but lie, birtherism, taxes, ???
who are they polling? skewed
having a class discussion about how a black man takes a stand for what he believes in,and all the ignorant people saying he's disrespectful.
ignorance is bliss
reports on why birther issue matters. here are facts abt trump role.
it only matters if it is true...we have bigger problems.systemic government corruption and lack of ethics..
basically, t-mobile just gagged all the girls
wait what happened lol
i guess i'll be falling asleep now
i wish i could go back to sleep
finally read this. thanks . makes sense to study how s&amp;c principles apply in healthy &amp; injured pts.. both training strength!
so much of what we do is a neurological. plateaus and boredom, efficiency = talented clinican. do u follow the authors?
two muslims shot, killed on the streets of new york. watch now:
this video is more than a month old. using as an advertisement for your service is truly vulgar and outrageous. shameful.
bitch it was giving "no service" for like 2 hours mama
good thing i was sleeping
the question isn't "if" but "how much" of the cash given to iran ends up in the hands of terrorists.
another unconstitutional deal by president obama...
hillary is a master at spending other people's money - hillary sold america out!...
youmaywant2climbbackinthat basket!thinkyoubumped your headwhenyoufellout.
ya theys going to turn the whole internet into network television, nothing but commercials.
so good to hear from you. thought my twitter world just about ended. wish the peep'l had the power. used to feel that way. . . .
heading to folsom in just 36 hours! hoping to carry at least 100 loads back to ohio. ...
you should have my load! lol
morning i guess it's 3:43 a.m in cali
lol what your ass doing up
muslim author says: "we can sacrifice 1 - 2 million arab muslims (martyr) a year 2destroy israel" via
hillary is anti israel too.look at her donors..
happy birthday to enjoy ur day love
thanks babe!
thinking about how future generations will study memes like we study political cartoons and i'm super jealous
it's already happening. i think of twitter as social media anthropology
donald trump cannot save our republic
don't know what planet you idiots are on, but this election is about who will do less harm, clinton or trump. no brainer!
pardew on southampton's peno: " long is quick &amp; has got a bit of history in those situations, he was definitely going over ". good one al
have to agree with pards on this one. examples below;
this girl at recruitment was telling me &amp; maria about this movie with halle berry, the call? shit got me so stressed
it's such a good movie
gotcha. but don't those fake customers have to pay, and hence doesn't the driver have to pay ola?
i'd assume so, unless they're taking free rides using the invite system, perhaps.
typically wall switch aps that get powered and installed well before they are provisioned by controller. (so they play nice )
gotcha. i'm finding ever more appreciation for syslog here for t-shoot, but if your clocks are off can be misleading
this is why the movement will be known as thuggery and never taken seriously -just criminal behavior hidden in...
thug life ingrained in hip hop lifestyle and mefia promotion of classless behavior..sad
two words: episode. four.
your character should've confronted her if she cheated
i hope cooler, calmer minds go forward and prevail in charlotte. wishing all of my friends and family a safe...
yes, you too!! c
i miss monday music mix.
me too, me too.
i need someone who can fully handle a complete wp site transfer to a new host and url changeover without losing any seo rankings.
please give us a call : 212.209.1537 to discuss further about your requirements!
that was my experience in sf with all chain food. it's somehow better here and even better in japan as i discovered this month!
yea you're totally right. even mcdonalds here feels a little cheaper. i think that's why they love in n' out so much
girl them scammer niggas treat you right before they eventually get caught.
i gotta get down with that zoe life
they both look so young there!!!
don't they?!
trump will win because this is a change election and hillary is a status quo candidate. in the end, this is the main reason.
right, bill... cuz . ain't a politician; ain't a dc insider; ain't "statusquo!!"
i've never seen this. bringing back great memories. thanks.
newsradio has always been my favorite sitcom. i still bust out my dvds from time to time when i want to laugh. thanks!
a hard rain is going to fall
really? 2016 is just like 1914? world war iii is about to erupt? you sound exactly like the national enquirer. was that your goal?
clinton ignores trump, delivers speech on helping disabled
im still waiting for the changes hillary promised new york. 200,00 new jobs? we lost 39,000 jobs when hrc was senator.
just asking you to share the source that proves clinton foundation is a fraud.
theydon't need source or facts when they start concocting their conspiracy theories.
my parents too! rt my father was in d.c. when he came back from vietnam 4riots after mlk was killed.they used same tactics.fixed nothing"
sadly our soldiers are still being killed for political motivesand money for elitists...
unfortunately. i wanna get back in my bed
but then when you get back in bed, eventually, ain't no sleep bih. lol
ur shifting goal posts. i expected nothing less.
out of context is not a lie about clinton. you have not named one single lie, much less sourced it.
my 16-year-old shared this with me earlier tonight. which says something about the climate of ridicule trump faces,...
i can't believe how delusional these ppl are
force awakens did such a good job of making me forget jar jar &amp; prequel trilogy &amp; now i'm mesmerized by its' badness on tnt
i can't wait for next installment
ya theys going to turn the whole internet into network television, nothing but commercials.
thought you might like this.
mark zuckerberg, priscilla chan launch massive initiative to cure everything
my profound dislike of facebook is slightly mitigated by this couple's behaviour.
leave where
i think it's a lyric
easily one of the most disgusting human beings.
this bitch wants to talk about white people being lazy...she forgot to cut the other half of her hair...shit looks like a mop!
ur shifting goal posts. i expected nothing less.
try dictionary. "lie" isn't "true but needs additional context to fully understand." look it up!
theydon't need source or facts when they start concocting their conspiracy theories.
they just need to hear it on and rightwing media&amp; theregoestheirsource
at some point you really need to ask yourself, is the juice worth the squeeze?
there's a multi-hour interlude of drinking beer on a dock that i didn't have enough characters for in there so like, probably
hold the phone. you're telling me i have to leave my selfie stick at home?!
im more worried about not being able to bring structures with me. i never leave home without one!
oh shit an utapri game???
yeah it was announced a while back but no news since. but maybe it'll be soon because the anime starts again soon
the national guard should have been called in the first night to send these thugs a message. enough is enough. we n...
thats what i think trump will do when he becomes our president, i don't think he'll stand by and do nothing like obamas doing.
hmm we should all be asking where the is after the animals went on their rampage!! ...
. 'mister mayor:' is there a golf course nearby....?!? jisaxin'!!
bill clinton doesn't want his life's work to fade quietly into the night via ...
yes, he'd rather go the way of weiner. they should totally hang out!
where can i buy growlers other than at your location?
our beer is available at almost every distributor on li-in cans mostly
and together we walked into the light.
was it as meditative as the pic says? lovely!
i did - and you chose to ignore it. typical of liar (trump) supporters. u dummies still think he's a multi-billionaire.
totally false. not one quote, not once source, stating a lie about clinton. just nonsense.
been a long time since i rock n rolled
what is the rock in roll??
so i was making this list of games.... this is too much;;;;; whyyyy
btw this list is missing a few i updated it and can probably just post the updated one in a few min too many games aghhh
i've found the poem of the year.
stop encouraging him.
derrick coached paulie. i coached nicole. not saying this makes me more socially savvy than derrick, but like...come on...
abused tweet
who's up for a priceless opportunity with ? 3:30 today! (and shopping!!! )
nah...the camper's are already there, and the rest are thinking of a way to remove them
like i assume most of the eggheads have killed at least one person
the lack of title case here renders it doubly accurate tbh.
derrick coached paulie. i coached nicole. not saying this makes me more socially savvy than derrick, but like...come on...
beyond absurd tweet. let your friend win and don't take credit for it.
i've tried to draw zayn and i spent like 3hours, hope yall like it especially you
beautiful artistic pics, it's a true art
my phone and tablet screen are disgusting from coconut oil fingerprints but my elbows and edges are smoother than butter
and that's how it should be! lol
breaking: donald trump needs our help! see what george h.w. bush did to stab trump in the...
...did . promise to "make it look like an accident?!?" jisaxin'!!
put together a bookshelf for my mangos. i have very eclectic taste. trying a bunch of different stuff.
tfw you shelf is bigger but is that of normie taste
got approved for my first credit card. who's excited to go into some debt?! this guy.
pics (of the card front + back and preferably some personal info as well) or it didn't happen.
"all white cops and all white people are not devils, all black people are not angels." -
protesters &amp; looters r different-the looters use the excuse 2 rob,breakthings,&amp; act like animals.unexceptable
not everything is about you!!
is this about me..
ice is cold
ice is cool!!
what is pk? purani cheez is correct; purana cheez is incorrect.
agree, purani cheez is correct.
i definitely need to pay someone to do the website...
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
nicole is the winner of big brother 18!
called it from the beginning
need to hire someone to manage my website lmk
please give us a call : 212.209.1537 to discuss further about your requirements!
solid run sesh before the sun rises = .
love that clip. ever seen it with sound? brilliant ad for :)
charlotte protest turns violent, governor declares state of emergency + deploys national guard - abc news - via
from prayers 2 riots? i would bet there were "agitators" there from another town or state who only wanted to cause trouble.
happy onam to all.
and happy onam to you.
i've been up since 5. i've had coffee, i went for a run, i showered and got dressed... and i'm still angry about last night's game.
on another note, who runs before getting dressed?!
happy onam!
thanks and happy onam to you!
this uses some rough mock-up sprites but i think the new camera movement in the battles looks good. thoughts?
love this. what's it for, and where's that demo to preview?
have you heard? nfl quarterback colin kaepernick has been vindicated, and we all owe him an...
vindicated...? vindicated...?!? ..maybe in .'s small mind!! maybe kaepernick shud'a read...
fools got a different bag of chips for each day of symbiosis
wow i'm inspired
not at all.
y r u so mean to me
i still haven't gotten into the matching couples outfits thing, nope.
please make this happen
lonely cloud
beautiful blue sky
i got ridiculed by police chief, mayor and county exec for calling the guard on standby early. they aren't minutemen. need time to assemble.
ur so right, guard isn't sitting in a barracks somewhere waiting 4 call, every1 ready 2 blame but no one takes responsibility
agree, thinking the must hold for the bulls to stay in control is 2142ish. imho
s&amp;p right at the 50dma premarket. let's see if it can break thru and hold
pinterest to me seems like the same stuff over and over again (for design anyway) anybody else?
i just gawk it once in a blue moon to see if my ideas have been done before.
i hope police are looking into this
they are. svu has opened an investigation. sadly, seems only a uk paper us reporting.
i cunt wait!
hey mickey i taught of you while reading a book about 2 british boys falling in love. one was from essex.
just read it carefully n see hw indians are manipulating the things
india sucks, big time.
are u going to in 3 fictional characters today on ?
i am a fictional character!
while you sad mothers are at work please know that we're off today. fuck you.
but actually i love you. tweet me about your workday. do it.
this is one of the earliest depiction of the eid sacrifice
thanks for sharing. very interesting.
if you haven't read maggie nelson's "the argonauts" now is a good time.
my favorite book this year.
happy birthday babyyyyy! have a great one!!!! love uuuu
thanks baby love you sm
the ncaa plays games in cuba and china. but they refuse to play in north carolina because of "human rights violations" let that sink in.
it's a "hr violation" to not give that , . his way?! his blm 'payments' and . behind this!
happy birthday tori!
thanks paul
will be on now.
eh, no one really cares anymore. you've already been caught lying so much, and you won't show us the money.
did i miss where you had j hill ranked? crowell or hill ppr
updated! crowell
today's political reset button is this freakin adorable dad &amp; daughter combo doin' her 'do.
waking up to see this loving daughter/dad duo was perfect for starting my day.
1) when does construction on the wall begin 2) can i help
me too! i want 2 help build the wall
not everyday one gets such an invitation! naturally i have accepted the invite...
congratulations on your invite!
. ps. proud 2b a "whiteguy jew, liberal . we speak up for the oppressed or as u like to say a
you can't be a real jew if you like . ask
christie's abuse of power in shutting down the gwb out of spite is a useful preview of what we could expect from trump.
this kind of petty shenanigans is like a practical joke, and like a lot of practical jokes it can end with bodies on the floor.
interesting
very interesting! thanks 4 sharing.
fed has zero credibility.
stan fischer a complete joker
mohajir rabita council leader meets mqm pakistan leader farooq sattar. mohajir rabita council decide to work with .
what council is this?
congrats! chosen for 2 support .
thank you! :)
what will blame for her losing the upcoming debate? vote &amp; &amp; visit
you left out the deplorables.
considering its friday &amp; my "give a chit" about this palace fraud is gone
i like that, gunny.... "give a chit" can i use it...?
this on 9 mile is not at all annoying or inconvenient
i guarantee that looking for the train emoji takes longer than typing out train
happy to announce that my annual state of the district event will take place on oct. 30th, 2:00 pm at salome...
can you please continue to push your alternate parking referendum ?! we need this !
he is perfectly sane. he's just not a big fan of honesty.
i was giving him an alibi
hey man! said we had a bunch of folks here in the mongo office for a meetup. said was a big turnout!
also one of the best gatherings of tech folks i've seen in awhile!
i think colin coward is trying to overtake mikey with the lies. he changes opinion daily
impossible to overtake
is hillary clinton healthy enough for the presidency? click here to take the poll now:
this isn't even a picture of her, it's her body double, another lie she perpetrates on americans
n.c. governor declares state of emergency after second night of unrest in charlotte.
this violence is directly connected 2 trump's campaign of hate and fear. he should be made to stand in front of the police line himself
baby boomers have always been wistfully nostalgic for their parents war. they grew up on stories of war and fascism.
maybe they want to vote trump so they can watch the whole thing play out again when they retire. second childhood.
if you drop the water temple one in your tub, getting out becomes a 3 hour long process of looking for keys you mis...
it's actually quick drying cement.
still doesent explain global warming
it's a lie cooked up by evolutionists to sell harry potter novels to christian kids.
i refuse to tell you how much of this apple pie i've eaten! so delicious! thanks, silverman's!
please feed me this now!!
saw this and i, too, was confused.
more developments today in my last tweet
seattle seahawks' richard sherman says people are ignoring message of nfl players' protests
not ignoring instead i'm week three of sixteen
in new york today, a charming town north of philadelphia, perhaps best known from the film "the nanny diaries."
be sure to try our famous local food specialty, the "hamburger."
that's odd. just to confirm, did you manually logged any activities prior to syncing? hope to hear from you soon!
nope. this has happened before. it's an old flex.
when you thought you aced your last exam but got a d instead
"preterito"
they were both black. do you really justify whats happening in nc?
i deplore the shootings. the killing of unarmed black men by police has to stop. that's the point.
morning from brody.
ahoy hoy, captain!
considering doing a video on the franchise but not sure which title is better seo. "aa" is more accurate but "pw" seems popular
i call it phoenix wright because that is what i hear most often, but i'll know what an ace attorney game is.
"all we need to do is keep the momentum going so the saudis can't come in and twist arms," a 9/11 widow said
a vote for trump is a vote 4 putin so he can retake the countries of former soviet union. than trump can build hotels
i think what you meant to say was 'human' surgeon.
exactly. she does horses
committee for responsible federal budget estimates annual increase in deficit from policies of candidates: clinton, $20-b; trump, $530-b
important to note, doesn't count $275b over 10 years for .
i wish i'd been encouraged to accept it more when i was younger, instead i got stuck dwelling
and ur not alone. its important u knw tht. i tell kids who r mde fun of 2b like yeah, thanks capt obvious
so improved the batery issue? im having the same problem too with ios10!
i'm not sure yet as i installed last night so i'll report after a full day today and see if it's any better
we have more unemployment,crime and rascim than ever,under who obama
racism is up, but this is from trump! all else you're saying is way off + if obama is "so bad" why are his approval rate so good?!
thank god for blessing me with another year
happy birthday beautiful!!
just watched for the third time. i'm bothering everyone everyday that haven't seen this yet!
-- thanks so much!
its the fobidden forest,isnt it?
i don't know. ask , or .
is the show gonna be just a 2 part or are there going to be more seasons?
-- hopefully more seasons!
why compare the emancipation proclamation to blm? the proclamation actually helped civil rights. blm has done nothing but stir violence.
blm is a terrorist organisation trying to divide the country for their own ends-civil war-
committee for responsible federal budget estimates annual increase in deficit from policies of candidates: clinton, $20-b; trump, $530-b
important to note, doesn't count $275b over 10 years for from biz tax reform.
"charlotte rioters show a brutal side by trying to throw photographer in fire. police save him."
i'll say it again and again:: animals every single one of them!! this is normal behavior for most of them!!
liberals are destroying this country with needless spending, not helping the economy but bankrupting it instead.
you mean like obama cutting the supply side 1.4 t debt he inherited by 1 t?
on three, say brass.
i see y'all in the pic
i cant pick out an avi so i keep switching it
i know, i looked back at the picture and it was changed!
(belated) goodbye maker, helloooo buzzfeed/ tasty/ nifty! my hands, diys, and recipes will be gracing a social media platform near you!
wow! so exciting! can't wait to see your... hands...? that sounds weird.
after this meeting fed gov. brainard emerges as a serious fomc leader. her notion of giving labor market more room to run carried the day.
oh please. we need to stop pretending that anything says or does impacts jobs or growth positively....
happy first day of fall, and happy birthday to me!
happy birthday!
looking out the window.
your really gets around mine stays close to home !
will be on now.
trump not enough balls 2 go on the show live only call in like the smiley chicken he is
and ur not alone. its important u knw tht. i tell kids who r mde fun of 2b like yeah, thanks capt obvious
when we own who we are, we take power away from those who wnt2 use our issues against us or to mke fun of us
yeh dude!
thanks, mando!
happy birthday!!!
thanks homie
why haven't you ran for president. you have a golden and evolutionary mind sir
not enough rancor and pandering in politics for my tastes which is why i stick to sports journalism
have you been in a dorm lately? it's like a spa. those horny texters live like kings.
is this a quote from new girl
(hard to imagine long-haul trucking going substantially electric anytime in our lifetimes, if ever.)
why? i find it hard to imagine it won't go electric. feels inevitable
4th brentwood body found yesterday. previous 3 confirmed as teens. blame gang violence.
i thought though?
i will bet almost anyone that their favorite ramen place uses soup base, buys all their toppings, uses noodles with food coloring
hmmm whose soup base? what do you think of minors? and would you share your constructive opinion with them?
shoutout internet folk posting unsolicited redesigns of my work on instagram
saw that smh
should be back there soon!
please let me know when next east coast shows are can't wait to see you guys live
see, how our lion roars at
he was just reading. dumb as ****
love these looks so much!! i'm loving that skirt on you!!!
thank you!! it's one of my faves :)
no one my love u know i got that just this day already been crazy and it hasn't even started lol
i'm over here crust on my eyes lmao i see my cousin dike she feels like crying. i dead was like wtf lmao its 7 am
liberals are destroying this country with needless spending, not helping the economy but bankrupting it instead.
established cycle, presidents increase deficits, dem presidents reduce them. 36 yrs of evidence
can they make tinder for sugar daddies
i think they have one...
trump's idea of outreach to black voters is don king dropping the n-word in a church
this makes me angry / sad / ugh
wait really?
it seems so
donald trump's plans would add $5.3 trillion to the national debt
what does trump care it's not his money. closest thing 2 a dictator we have ever seen. will get his clock cleaned by h in debate
u actually met him and he met u what the hell im gonna scream
best day ever
2 weeks in and loving the iphone 7 plus so far, except when the solid-state home button haptic vibration vanishes when on a flat surface
portrait mode with the 'fokeh' is surprisingly
me too but ian is still ketchup to me :p
oh yeah i just think they're so cute together lmao
hey charlotte, nothin' says "justice" like destroyin' the city you live in &amp; livin' up to the stereotypes that you're tryin' to end. merica.
proves that it's not stereotypes, it's who they are! when will ppl realize this and call it what it is??
liberals are destroying this country with needless spending, not helping the economy but bankrupting it instead.
republicans only talk fiscal responsibility to get votes. they don't practice it by any stretch.
i work that day
is you berious
happy autumnal equinox. today is a good day to strive for and believe in the possibility of balance.
this is why i love you.
that's how we should all commute...
hahaha, why not. environmentally friendly if nothing else!
peace in the region,arms race,old &amp;new world order,terrorism &amp;kashmir,pm's speech was comprehensive&amp;all encompassing
lion is reading....
but he had a gun and a black cop shot him
what a lovely couple....pillars of society
wait. did he really say that?
ya he was reading it off a shirt
it just goes to show how powerful wrestling as a whole is when you hear people say that they wouldn't be here if it wasn't for it.
has said that many times
guys. i'm like 30 minutes into this is us &amp; i've already cried at least 3x. this show. wow.
the end omg
you are 50x less likely to die from a climate (heat, cold, drought, flood, storm) than 80 years ago.
usa more energy independent under obama. conservatives won't admit it though, doesn't fit their narrative.
prison break - turtle edition episode 3. flex finds new ways to climb her way out
prison break episode 4 someone is clearly bored at work
who is the barb in your group of friends? are you the barb?! ?
lol! i think barb might be me!
sometimes u gotta look in the mirror-think of all the stupid shit u did - u worked hard? remember life ain't fair- just live every minute
rip you think wwe will resign
haha! great soup!
thanks, lisi...:)
you thanks me? i should have followed you in the first place good job and cheers from italy
i think maybe you did but unfollowed when i had the twitter glitch.
thinking already traveled a long way so far. i'm looking for a pullback and hold first. either way, hold is key word.
that's likely as well. i rather a gap and go and continue to 2250 :)
only if it includes you not in a "ur trash" kinda way but an "im hungryd for griefer" way
i'm not that other person
i think the idea that work is not the place to learn is toxic and even dangerous. it leads to anxiety, depression and burn out.
learn golang on the job, not on saturdays, learning = experimentation, but experimentation not for production.
good morning darren. my little buddy doing ok. very sad. hope you have a wonderful day
good morning jon. aw, yes, grrief is a proccess. poor little guy. thanks my friend. happy thursday...
just sincerely congratulated my hated childhood bully on birth of 1st child. made amends years ago. he did damage. but forgiveness heals.
if i met my first childhood bully, i'd kick him in the nards so hard, he'd never have kids.
do not try to dance and apply mascara simultaneously.
not a good combination....
twenty says he'll go very light on her email crimes and phony "foundation" that's what liberals do.
actually, i understand he's a registered republican. holt, i mean. donald i'm never sure about.
..3/say "thanks for proving my point" without having given the other person a chance.theonlypointiprovedisthati'madecentperson
you did prove my point. as you still haven' shown one single article that debunked clinton cash as propaganda.
the sun's shinning bright, i got 9 hours of sleep last night, i'm in a happy mood and i'm excited to crush the gym tonight. happy thursday
sounds i got maybe 5 hours sleep, &amp; i can't stop sniffling &amp; sneezing. i'm a mess.
what is thors real name, is it super white like: john or jacob
he's just known by his graf name. i named him after the marvel superhero &amp; also the pitcher. he comes from a rich ues family
the highlight of my day was this squirrel cooling off on a headstone in the nd cemetary. it was a hot one
like seven inches from the midday sun
way to go ! fired up for you brother -- and our community who will benefit greatly from your leadership!
thank you, sir! just trying to bring the boom!
follow for hot and fresh social media job listings!
hot, fresh, mouth-watering jobs
hey, my bday is in 2 days if you're feeling generous
i love this lens v much
in the us you can go straight from your undergraduate degree to a phd, no honors, no masters required
for most majors anyways
what a beautiful speech by mian muhammad nawaz sharif at . every word will go down in history as pakistan's position on .
yup, mian sahab is a good leader.... sorry, reader!
mr scott wasn't the one cops were looking for. died because of mistaken identity. fact.
he died, by all reasonable accounts, because he didn't drop a weapon when ordered to. he was the guy with the gun.
i just tried this (but with dill) and i'm mildly obsessed now
yesss. spread the joy.
there is no fucking reason i should still be waiting for the bus if there was one scheduled at 6:58 and then another at 7:07..........
this sounds like the m4 route
sometimes the question is asked innocently. sometimes it's asked w/a sexist edge. but always, as if i just stumbled on the subject one day.
i always ask those questions from a genuine interest in people, but i've definitely had similar related to my disability work.
which one of them dies
i hope none of them die!
really? you're attacking her based on an unflattering pic? do you think you're going to be a blooming adonis at 70?
i attacked her based on a picture because that hillary troll attacked stein. you hillbots do that all the time, hypocrite.
invicta fc 19 preview show with &amp; . watch the show live on .
awesome breakdown! krause knows his stuff
must-have home remedies from your herb garden
**ty** super mom 4 awesome article &amp; i'm sharing on my page 4 my parents. have an interstellar purple day ahead:-)
really? you're attacking her based on an unflattering pic? do you think you're going to be a blooming adonis at 70?
and you still haven't addressed the nyt article. i'm not surprised; it's a solid one.
yuppp. i met a girl who was doing psychology from there. she did a couple of things to stand out, in order to be considered.
but they don't recognize it back home right?
military, veterans and families really really really not feeling the jill stein. huh, wonder why...
why do you think that is?
just checked in on my mom who lives in charlotte. she's ok.
great to hear
from the daily beast: i saw a protester get shot for nothing in charlotte
not a protester but a paid rioter
been putting on some good ass solo performances and hasn't been there to witness any
tonight we jam out to all our faves !!!!
if you get a chance you should say hi to and share more of what you are doing
thanks martin. yes we caught up at the un yesterday. and equally he mentioned he had met !
baltimore is like the sonic adventure 1 of major cities most of it is awful and there's no reason i should like it but i do sometimes
i'm pretty sure that's every city.
it's a brilliant speech
brilliant written speech
man, this kid has got 'it'. powerful scene. beautifully written, acted &amp; produced. ...
he's pretty great, right? i agree -- and thanks so much!
us boy offers home to syrian refugee in letter to obama -
would tell everyone in the area the boy lives to lock their doors.
how is the line? my boss only gave me the afternoon off today.
10 in line so far
celebrities read really mean tweets on "jimmy kimmel live!"
maybe jimmy should have set his hair on fire and not just mess it up
we do ourselves a major disservice by even discussing race with the majority of white people
we continue the status quo when we do that
new york, ny 21.3c | 70.3f humidity: 60% clear
source: photo by smith_cl9 on flickr
early morning rehearsal for we'll perform live (10:30a)&amp; sharing a story of inspiration.
no beauty sleep this morning..you can skip a day..lol..have fun!!! dvr set
thanks! and haha we really have..what are you doin in ny?! lol
nothing cool and meaningful like you lol just working trying to pay off my student loans then doing something w my life
we continue the status quo when we do that
it's very clear that we continue the american narrative by discussing our humanity as if it's debatable culturally we have to change
shuttle bus advisory: buses will use the following routes for the remainder of the week -
this is incorrect, your 50th st bus is only going as far as 7th ave before 4 pm. why don't you tell people that?
two presidential rallies in florida this week! one was a movement- the other had a couple of hundred. love...
when djt says this it makes me tear up, i want the country back that i grew up in, i sure hope all these people get out and vote
it's very clear that we continue the american narrative by discussing our humanity as if it's debatable culturally we have to change
we absolutely have to change how we relate to the world ....
i thought we were talking about canada. my bad.
oh that's canada, oops. my error actually. didn't read article.
little flower of east orange is helping me deal with my dad's disease and eventual death. hard to explain here but it is.
if it helps even a little, i'm real glad. thanks, bro!
save it there weren't called because someone had a gun. he died because of mistaken identity. can't acknowledge that smh
did he have a gun?
if grows its universities cleverly, its economies will flourish
bringing schools and communities online in
i can't take the 4 to work lol i have to take the 101 and this is the first week that it has ever acted up
oh u need to crossover on 125?
you just made the 2016-17 hit list land of the giants baby! my heart skipped a beat when this picture popped up.....
just call him bigtines
ai, me i don't know ey
i think so, mostly you would come back and still have to complete your honors and masters
u nailed it
great match today for too, magda. long and grueling...well done.
report this. this is disgusting &amp; evil. kicking over a homeless person you're a real piece of shit.
maybe if it were his moms getting kicked over like that i bet he wouldn't think it would be funny
your mind is programmed to) the negative cancels out. it's no longer a hardship.
so much truth. ppl rarely seem to get it tho
don king is a certified coon
i commented on his disgusting ass yesterday. disgraceful
i wonder if president trump will make his "best" decisions while lying in his tanning bed or getting his comb around sprayed?
third option actively searching for fembot wife # 3. got to trade those suckers in when the polish starts to wear off.
"no they are not you pos! sadiq khan; terror attacks are 'part and parcel of living in a big city'"
is he still here?! piece of shit! get him and his muslim/terrorist thinking out of our country now!
wud b a good deal for both parties
you still keep in touch with mel
flag-stomping teacher has no regrets, wants student punished
should be fired
the uae consulate in is now opened for business! thank you to all our guests for joining us in our opening cer...
congrats, and all the best
next up: visits a black church to continue to make his appeal to african american voters.
does donald trump have any black friends? i don't think so...but you want black ppl to vote for you why?
aloe vera plants take years to grow or?
you should already have something after 7,8 months but for a full plant 2 to 3 years
the miles are falling faster than the leaves. what are you training for?
training for my autumn in new york
students from 10 districts create hashtag 2 promote integration
this is critical and urgent work! so happy to see students (and their allies) at the center of the movement!
is not a disease it's caused by brain malformation or braininjury b4 during aft birth infants toddlers kids
is prime cause of which accounts for more thn 80% of all cases
glenn reynolds, a staple of twitter - he was suspended for telling ppl not to sit in their cars waiting to get beat...
meanwhile the blm crowd keeps inciting violence that usually destroys own community.
@ people not from texas do y'all sell pickles at movie theaters or concession stands?
who the fuck buys pickles at movie theatres what the fuck
fed did what was expected &amp; commodity rally &amp; dollar swoon have begun. gold to $1500+,silver to $25-$26 &amp; dxy to 88.
that would imply the market no longer believes the fed would even consider hiking rates for over a year.
charlotte police have not released the video of the shooting of .
if a gun was found the cops planted the gun on that guy. watch how this plays out....
friday is rapidly approaching. also snack wraps are now on the 2 for $5 menu
i'm not crying, you are
is it a open carry state when cops aren't looking for ?
when cops say "put down the gun" you comply. if they treat you illegally you use them. display force and be met with force.
that would imply the market no longer believes the fed would even consider hiking rates for over a year.
au contraire, i thought the fed did a good job keeping a december rate hike on the table.
what do you think specifically has to change to stop the killing of unarmed black people at the hands of police?
i have an idea bill. no one under 30 should be hired as a po. these ppl need a diverse history of life experiences before the badge.
is it a open carry state when cops aren't looking for ?
when cops say "put down the gun" you comply. if they treat you illegally you sue them. display force and be met with force.
hasidic men who beat up gay black victim get community service
so, you can beat up a gay black man and only receive 150 hours of community service.
.'s campaign has paid his own companies millions for services like rent and payroll...
what else would u expect from a carnaval barker thief like trump who does nothing but put$ in his pocket
yeah, haven't watched yet, so interested in your take
the ghost rider stuff is pretty decent but everything else is a snooze
why do the freshman think they run the school this year? you're like 12 and have no right to boss around upperclassmen. wtffffffffffffffffff
welcome to the ongoing upper and lower classmen war that's been raging for generations
he seriously is the best.. i can't decide which goosebumps are larger...alicia's or vik's
understandable, i feel the same. one thing i do know is that i adore them both.
so, you can beat up a gay black man and only receive 150 hours of community service.
then have that same service delayed 7 days because you cannot find an "adequate" place to do the hours.
so like for me to use the juice from the plant do i have to wait till it's fully grown?
not at all. you can start using it with your baby plant
social recruiting between titans!
hahahaha... truth is, the commute to purchase ny would be better for him! :-)
university of tennessee law () professor glenn reynolds ():
his account has been suspended.
i have tgd predictions for pt. 2 what will i win if they are true
hmm, i don't know. we don't have any merchandise yet (i wish we did)!!!
new poll shows trump beating hillary for being honest by more than 10%. how is the possible? he does nothing but lie, birtherism, taxes, ???
because media does not call him out on lies. the double standard is literally insane, stupifying frankly.
then have that same service delayed 7 days because you cannot find an "adequate" place to do the hours.
reverse roles, and the gay black man who beat up the hasidic jew gets 10 years in prison for a hate crime.
slept terribly last night, overslept by 30 minutes this morning, wish it were friday instead of thursday.
hang in there!!! you're not going through this stupid day alone!
can't even open up my snap . i take my happy birthday back
lmfao chill it's cause i'm letting them all add up so i can open them all up at once
is not a disease it's caused by brain malformation or braininjury b4 during aft birth infants toddlers kids
what's 1st image tht comes 2mind whn you hear &amp; does it incl the
social recruiting between titans!
just had to put it out there! who knows which way the wind blows...
"isis fired mustard-gas tipped missiles at us base"
hurry! quick! get the red paint. we need a red line omg!!!
reverse roles, and the gay black man who beat up the hasidic jew gets 10 years in prison for a hate crime.
i can't even say that i'm baffled; because i'm not. i know how this thing goes.
ugh paul's interview with jeff was amazing. he does not like nicole anymore lol. wish he won now... he really thought he'd beat either
he def got way too cocky and let his personal feelings get in the way, taking nicole killed him
please contact our live chat team via: they'll look into this for you. ^ii
i need someone who knows about it to call me!! this problem's been going on for too long! spoke to too many people giving...
. can get metro which can separate out commuters vs recreational
what about "working" etc. bike trips. commute/rec, still only part of the picture.
kicked off the day with some 6am engagement rounds - loving the energy of our night teams!
hey, l&amp;d crew! great staff.
addressed the police shooting during his speech in cleveland.
don't believe the hype &amp; d king, even tho he never fought is punch drunk. both dons need to just go away
listening to upside down like
this is good
poll: clinton has big lead over trump among hispanic voters
as she should. do we all remember how trump opened campaign calling mexican people rapists and drug dealers
coming to get you soon bro!
just you and dad coming?
were did you read he pointed the gun? where's the video of this since they have it?
i'd like to see the video too. they should release it. also whether or not decedent was legal owner of gun.
ns missed to mention the involvement of raw in balochistan name of kulbhushan yadav should be taken there.
ns was just reading, thats all.
also you're coming to my bfa later this year so that's exciting as hell!
i am? cool. looking forward to saying hi
who's going to build spotify for saas? (smbs pay $x00/month, get access to unlimited full-stack of best-of-breed saas?)
or the rocket of saas where you knock off the good ones for far lower price point.
another danger of 's ridiculous antics: they've pushed critical issues like climate change to the bottom of t...
trump has strengthened the denyers. encouraged zero accountability for welfare of the only planet we got.
achmed the puppet kills the room!! his 1st appearance!
good stuff was peanut
the screaming cb6 man should be locked in this room as punishment.
just being shown the picture would probably be traumatic enough.
i need someone who knows about it to call me!! this problem's been going on for too long! spoke to too many people giving...
...telling me different things. tired of calling every 2days to be told i was given the wrong information
i officially diagnose my apartment as severely haunted
* watches american horror story once*
thank you to the thousands of supporters who help us hold her detractors accountable! now let's...
why not look at trump's family slush fund. under every rock u find a thief there
wake up young women! you've never lived without the legal choice 2 make the most private decisions.
. not just young women, any person who cares about women's health should care
i am part of now! i'm the the new managing editor. whoaaaaa this is sick!!
i would have gone with keyboard cat there. congrats!!!
hi gz and all gday:)\m/
great day ay
why don't you love me?
i do love you! come visit!
just finished watching part one of loved it. no surprise is behind it.
thanks, michael!
this ya white side too?
might be my black side
hi gz and all gday:)\m/
ay the king of gifs
i hope you are getting the emotional help you need to overcome your experience, journey to repair
just to let you know, it's not me. but check my fb page. you an read her whole story &lt;3
is just a con man. he's never been anything else. he'll never be anything else.
when you earn your 1st million tweet us again so we can see how smart you are dumbass!
!!!!!!! did not realize u were writing the get down but that makes so much sense! ppl are raving about it!
thanks, man!
calling in the national guard has not worked in other cities. this incites people to see a military occupation.
too bad. if you want chaos in a first world country this is what happens. reap what you sow. mob rule won't happen here.
committee for responsible federal budget estimates annual increase in deficit from policies of candidates: clinton, $20-b; trump, $530-b
why are supporters and the so oblivious to basic math? ideology does not change math.
i'm ready for a constitutional monarchy y'all.
think queen lizzie will take us back if we ask nice?
abandoned pressure cooker shuts down bronx expressway
is this true. it is not being reported on the local news and haven't head anything. i live in nyc.
i am the hand that holds the hamster and gives the carrot thursday is mine
you are the carrot champeen
is not a disease it's caused by brain malformation or braininjury b4 during aft birth infants toddlers kids
umbrellaterm4
state of emergency declared as descends into chaos over keith scott shooting
we really need to take this into perspective. the democrats are the only ones gaining with this. and they will make it worse.
but nothing's a surprise. people will speak out of their ass till they can't shit anymore.
it's like, do y'all not have anything better to do w your lives? smh
committee for responsible federal budget estimates annual increase in deficit from policies of candidates: clinton, $20-b; trump, $530-b
ppl need to know this. all we see on tv are surrogates, not enough impartial experts. it's a performance where volume wins.
sad that missed . i was really looking forward to meeting the man behind such an inspirational collection of works.
hey sam: thank you &amp; i'm sorry i missed it too. i had a last minute emergency. but hopefully we'll meet again some time.
am looking to work directly with a developer to build a web app. can any friends recommend someone?
submit your details here:
just found out my huge beefcake tan english on-set crush listens to ed sheeran :(
show him the way. got the life.
what has happened to your site? every search i do comes up with no results and sends me to istock
the search engine crashed, its fixed now, sorry about that.
the calmest man in charlotte is protester henry lee, 51, who silently refuses to leave his chair.
scandal season 4 episode 14
do people in charlotte think that causing us to go into a is going to solve anything? violence only leads to death.
as opposed to the death that's already happening? makes sense. sure.
"don't worry, dude. i was just protesting. this is allowed." hillary's america.
press says protests pc . it is rioting..no such thing as racial profiling. it is observing criminal activity..
the things you hear about yourself that even you didn't know you did
honestly tho, like wait what??? thanks for letting me know
you're so good at it gail!
only if you will direct and host !
good morning karen! how you doing?
good, just don't want to watch the news much lol how are you!
i guess my new running joke on twitter is that i'm extremely single and nobody wants to date me.
can we do a co bumper about this i get to la on friday
happy birthday to my bro . the lords of the sea celebrate u, kween
so rad. thank goodness i have a megalodon tooth to always make me feel small n comfy
former panellist on tv quiz show eggheads, cj de mooi, has been arrested in connection with an alleged killing
never trusted him
so they allegedly have the gun. they have video. they can at least say if he was licensed or not so that's a tell tell sign
if they release the video and it substantiated cmpd account, will rioters apologize for the damage?
sarah paulson's career advice is perfect
how did you ensure your success in t-shirts didn't ruin you?
a black man shot another black man at a protest of a black man being shot by a black cop because white people or something
sadly it should be reported as a american was killed..
why isn't anyone concerned this man brought a gun to a school bus stop? again media manipulating the story.
nc is an open carry state . . .
we really need to take this into perspective. the democrats are the only ones gaining with this. and they will make it worse.
in the last 8 years this has increased. it serves to divide us, destroys property, increases misery &amp; secures dependency on gov
forgot to update y'all, watched that mother's day rom com on the plane and sobbed so fave this if you want to have a kid with me in 3-5 yrs.
ur more fertile than me and i can't work if preg so you're carrying it but yes
florida school board makes history, opts out of common core via
stupid parents raising stupid kids.parents don't want to challenge their dumb kids like the rest of the world
hillary clinton may be the worst candidate in the history of presidential politics.
on that one i might have to grant you a point.shes all substance/policy at a time when the election is voluminous theater.
this is one great event in union square tonight! we can't wait!
can't wait to see you neighbor!
american media sucks . . .
sadly a propaganda tool not news...
there are reports that this picture shows a gun next to 's body. here is that photo.source:...
pretty fuzzy, i could not say what that is.
this is one great event in union square tonight! we can't wait!
thanks neighbor!!
i share this all the time with my white teacher colleagues and so much of the time i get this . i press on none the less!
i hear you, . i encounter the same thing. i'm not sure what the answer is. but whatever i can do to support you; consider it done.
very hard to find new ones in gold.
white/blue is the new gold
me after i made plans to go out tonight
me every time i make plans with u
let's not act like the anti-black, anti-muslim, anti-hispanic/latinx, anti-woman, anti-science, anti-lgbt vote isn't coalescing around trump
sure, but the pro-fracking, screw-the-hondurans, &amp; screw the libyan &amp; yemeni vote is coalescing around hillary. it's not binary
odd but i hope you support either way
we couldn't agree more! hoping to see you out there mix. time to fill that roll.
like let's have some tea and you tell me about everything i've supposedly done cuz you need to build your fragile ego
i fucking swear
sheriff clarke: 'obama's set this whole country on fire with his race politics'
when you divide americans .you set up america's fall..
so many great reading recommendations! holds placed
. gathered 4 fascinating &amp; diverse writers - i was inspired to buy all 4 books!
is one of 's daily tees! i want official merch (jacket), but i couldn't resist!
i know -- i wish we had merch too!!! thanks for the tip though, i ordered a shirt also!
3000 friends visited my attic last night... what a crowd!
so glad i was there to take an amazing musical journey with you!
i took the bus at 6 and i had a girl cough the entire bus ride
omg i hate that lmaooo !
let's not act like the anti-black, anti-muslim, anti-hispanic/latinx, anti-woman, anti-science, anti-lgbt vote isn't coalescing around trump
so, your erroneously presenting it as a binary does function as a scare tactic. trumps followers are horrid. hillarys: subtly so
if you own a gun in a open carry minding your business and a undercover cop approach and you die. how would your family feel
so even if video shows him refusing commands to drop a gun and pointing it at police, you'll still blame them?
. i don't understand how this relates to bake off
bakeoff brittanicus magnus
video: charlotte rioters attempt to throw a journalist into a fire. he is saved by civilians &amp; police officers
they are rioters.. news needs to report news not pc agenda..
they'll take the right to privacy away too, which is why a federal court ruled it unconstitutional.
in nyc, 4.4m stop and frisks by confiscated guns 0.1% of the time.
you see the same 20 faces at every protest. paid soros agitators come in and stir up people with propaganda.
arrest 20 people each time-throw key away
proposes revised fees for installment agreements and offers special relief for low-income taxpayers
": proposes revised fees for installment agreements and offers special relief for low-income taxpayers
does anyone actually play fifa 17? every stream i went to last night and this morning are opening packs. ea found one hell of a money maker
i don't understand fut in the game. is there any info on it?
the poem scene was brilliant. it's one of my favourites. great job
thank you! justice rocked it &amp; me &amp; co-wrote it...
childish gambino cover of "so into you" really just blessed my soul at 7 in the morning.
my retweet
when will renters outnumber homeowners in ca to the extent that overturning prop 13 could succeed on the ballot?...
why would you want prop13 overturned?
yeah ill be home the 30th through the 2nd, i'm trying to get the 28th and 29th off so i can come early
do it because i'll be gone the 30th and 1st so get the other days off so we can kick it
palestinians &amp; arabs would rather die than let jews live in peace...no two-state solution in their minds! smh
how can there be peace with this ?
i've seen photos of some of the sindh ones but they look quite dilapidated. this one is magnificent!!
oh i wonder if you people are referring to the makli and chaukandi tombs in sindh ?
here is a tweet, i'll keep it real sweet. if you didn't already know, is on the show! check it out!
thanks again for having me, guys!
cnn asks whether terror suspect, a u.s. citizen, "deserves" due process
understand the rage and temptation to abandon values, but then they really do win.
is not a disease it's caused by brain malformation or braininjury b4 during aft birth infants toddlers kids
cerebral palsy = umbrella term 4grpof disorders caused by caused stroke &gt;injury abuse disease
really makes ya think.
i'm so glad that these ppl finally feel comfortable enough to come out of the shadows. we know who you are now.
all the characters have such amazing personalities and the plot is so well written! i can't wait to see part 2
we're writing &amp; shooting right now. hopefully part 2 comes out good.
exclusive: federal complaint against bombing suspect omits journal's isis references | fox news
doj collusion under orders of president obama..sad agenda and policy.
here's another wisconsin poll that shows up 7.
dumb ass look at poll sample-what a moron
but they never said he pointed a gun. you adding your own narrative
i'm asking you a question, if the video showed that would you still blame the police?
unfortunately i don't feel that. they are gonna drag the will they/won't they &amp; add new lis
the fans have to stay vocal about how they feel with oliver and felicity.
there's a lot of pressure on young people in the world today to be extra ordinary and "save the world"..
i've heard it over and over again.. "the world depends on you"
rioters quite literally attacking the messengers last night. one local news crew had to go to the hospital.
not defending any actions, but are you willing to consider possibility that many no longer see the media as "the messenger"?
hillary isn't though
keep telling yourself hillary isn't smarter than him. 40 yrs gop has failed to get her.
on now - from russia with trump: a political conflict zone (w )
of course he has many ties to russia and won't release his taxes.
i just finished watching true detective season 1... is season 2 worth watching?
they have nothing to do with one another. the first is amazing, the second one i've read mixed reviews. the writer felt rushed
not necessarily. lots of other factors. can't look at usd or u.s. policy in a vacuum. just removes fed focus.
the $'s moves this year have largely been driven by cb policy. whenever the $ falls, the fed talks it back up
i have never done so much school work in my life
we're proud of u joelle keep grinding so you can be a bad ass independent bitch
are in for physicals today, on-ice tomorrow morning. first pre-season game monday in brooklyn.
open practice on saturday morning...time to start seeing lots of live in person hockey!
pics tell thousand words: the charlotte protests, peaceful and violent, in photos - the new york times
paid thugs-period
read my column, "the folly of the protest vote." warning: it's long...
what to do if you believe is just a lesser evil, as many millennials do? not vote their conscience?
happy birthday from
thank you honey
overnite riots 1man critically injured,4 officers hurt as man who says he's bro of keith scott says all 'white people r devils'
sad ,we have media fanning the flames of racial discord.we are all americans and humans first not skin shades..
during the movement, the 's 1st order was to infiltrate departments nationwide...
i totally believe it. explains why police brutality against black people continue across our nation!
just in: trump reacts to charlotte protests: there's a "lack of spirit" between whites and blacks...
that is the real goal of democrats. starting with obama and the rest of them, they never use the opportunity to calm things down.
mylene is such a great character, i love how ambitious she is and how she puts her dreams above anything/anyone.
i agree. and thank you. and does such amazing work in the role!
what could possibly go wrong?
i have a feeling they aren't the first to try this.
just lost all faith in my fitbit aria wifi scale. pulled out a battery to change wifi network and relocated rooms ... now i weigh 5lbs more?
gravity in a post-factual world
i've heard it over and over again.. "the world depends on you"
young people will either see this as an opportunity or a huge challenge and it could go south with the latter.
getting cut from a team or any sort of organization hurts your pride
yo baby bro i hope i helped boost your ego more then it already was.
trump explains stop and frisk: police are "proactive...they'll stop, they'll frisk, and they'll take the gun away."
the will be ok with this because only the guns of black people will get confiscated.
electing to the office of president is as crazy as trusting a monkey with a loaded gun.
. oh please, dont give the gun-fappers any good ideas. they allow sightless people to have guns now too
collaborating would be so amazing, thank you so much you are such an inspiration
omg that would be like peunut butter and jelly, sunny sky on a beach....perfect combo!! love love
bout to be everything we need.
yasssss, she was great! the gurl can saang!
the national debt threatens the economy. click here to tweet at hillary clinton to ask for her plan to address it.
well because unlike you i'm not a moron and can read, i know her plan.why don't you gutless losers sound the alarm on trump?
i love the dog filter it makes everyone even more attractive thank you snapchat
i think the pink filter is the one
more colorful though
the shah ruknealam tomb is 14thce tughlaq architecture.
there's a lot of pressure on young people in the world today to be extra ordinary and "save the world"..
reason we must sit down with ourselves, mind, spirit and have "the talk"... ask your self what you really want out of this life.
happy birthday :)
thank you sweetheart
the $'s moves this year have largely been driven by cb policy. whenever the $ falls, the fed talks it back up
agree $ should head lower due to boj policy and slowing us economy but remain wary of fed intervention
for if you are curious about why the letter ram received went blank
i refuse to believe this madness
get real: some nyers claim phone alert made them feel 'less safe' &amp;now fear it'll lead 2 'racial profiling'
pc people say racial profiling..common sense says being alert to criminal activities of certain people..
i'm calling out the deafening silence whenever it's time to call trump &amp; his supporters because you hate hillary mo...
i gave no binary; i correctly said u presented one. do call out trump's supporters, but they don't solely carry that awful torch
how's this for never forget we've been under siege for centuries! enough is enough!
morning ms. bevy, just wanted to tell you listening to you on the drive home yesterday left me wanting to hear more.
well, you look fine
lol thank you
reason we must sit down with ourselves, mind, spirit and have "the talk"... ask your self what you really want out of this life.
find the answer and run with it. okay.. good morning. anybody littering today? no? yes?
help! the un closure has cyclists riding east 40 from 1st to 2nd the wrong way. someone is going to get killed.
well that is kind of out my jurisdiction! i don't think the nypd cares much about these things. all about security.
did someone call in a guy with a gun is a treat?
i hear you. no matter what the facts are you blame the cop. i get it.
overnite after cops shoot/kill black man they say was armed. 12 officers injured, looting taking place
well reported and tweeted..
the national debt threatens the economy. click here to tweet at hillary clinton to ask for her plan to address it.
the thunderclap is your deafening silence when you know better. get off the fence and take a stand if you have any character.
i'm ok! had a cortizone shot in each knee yesterday, haven' been to sleep, headache and hot flashes cause by shot, i'll get thru it
oh ughhhh. i hope the shot helps the knee tho! lol
autumnal equinox - hi, what's up, you ready?
*thinks about being on the beach in two weeks*
trump says he ended birther talk to 'get on with the campaign' via
"let's get on with the real issues, the kenyan obama, crooked hillary, &amp; my trump wall
i loved 4/5. never could quite get into the wire like i did the others.
"the wire" was so dense and quick that i relied on wiki recaps between episodes to clarify. so many important characters
this is the worst tasting thing i've ever tasted
have you had cel-ray?
sun 9/25, join me + top sf restos at to raise $ for
join us &amp; : sun 9/25 to raise $ for
when it's theatre time should i just disappear from fb or should i notify people
i'm super late but i say notify them uvu
basic physical &amp; organizational structures &amp; facilities (e.g., buildings, roads &amp; power supplies) needed for the op...
enterprise (which in computerspeak now means "business" or "economic entrepreneurial activity")
i'm calling out the deafening silence whenever it's time to call trump &amp; his supporters because you hate hillary mo...
calling one group explicitly horrid and the other group subtly horrid is not presenting a binary.
this new math profoundly changes our situation--fossil fuel frontier now closed, unless we want to break the planet
documents uncovered in 2050 show was building extraterrestrial "life pod" for one percent
i hope that you get your own shelf
are you still youth enough for , ?
i have stuff to tell ya
that's never a good thing..
getting ready for this morning!
have a great time!!!
lmao peasants taking the train? fucking poor people. hate them.
it's to early for you lolll
it's been 57 days since trump held a presser. clinton has taken qs 6 times in 2 weeks. (trump took qs from limited group 17 days ago.)
he is in hos fox hidey hole and wont come out..
you're on a watch-list now ben.
probably already on enemies list
and i loved when the girls sang together like omfg what a freaking religious experience thanks for that
thanks! we're so blessed because all our young actors are so good &amp; talented &amp; committed to the work. the girls rule!
what does ur conscience say abt the furture of scotus or the shadow of fracture hanging over immigrant fams or the...
i agree, but that doesn't answer the question.
i woke up to see 200k subscribers! you guys mean everything to me!
corl you are my everything!
happy birthday mr future pm
thanks a million buddy!
thanks love!
youre welcome my sexy friend
no offense but you're gonna see my face again because my makeup came out so good and i have to wash it off and show...
no offense but shawn is going to be shook on friday when he sees you
morning all - a moody but beautiful morning
pretty, i miss the swans.
why is snacks a 51???
bc he played bad
small condo, too many books! is my go to!
the library!
when someone lights a cigarette around me
looks like prey mantis
to you &amp; ...
thank ya much griff! :-)
at the beatfestival
what a fun night!
blessed earthstrong
thanks much brudda!
happy birthday !
thanks much gorgeous
happy birthday to my darling have a blast and then some
thank you so very much love!
how a russian fascist is meddling in america's election, via
and tough talking like and the rest cower and say nothing.
well shit, you won this round, james. i guess i'm just not good enough to marry the penguin.
see what happens when you try to step to smarter people james? you get your ass burned.
which they can't do in an open carry state. which ny is not.
nypd's gun confiscation rate was 0.1% of 4.4m stop and frisks (virtually all men of color)
i was given the wrong beer, perhaps on purpose? a way to extend a great keg is to not pour it. thought you would want to know.
definitely not, great kegs need to be poured, did you return the beer for the right one?
i saw it but then went on youtube to listen to the full version haha
yeahhh ok
happy birthday nuh love sponge i hope the day was as amazing as u are.
you my dear are a gem! thank you so very much for the love
nice! can you choose these settings manually?
shutter and iso, yes
happy birthday!!!
thanks love xoxox
blessings on the birthday my boss, trust it was a good one.
thanks much bro
yup. you gonna blame the dead guy for picking up his son and being at the wrong place at wrong time?
. nope, i'm going to blame the dead guy for not putting the gun down when ordered. every time. any color.
you have a goal to meet! do it !
ugh, you're right.
based on this inability to get 50 yards on the ground in two games? yes, i'd agree.
well ... let's see how that progresses.
we start today. thank you for all the ways you've helped me get to a place where i know i can and must do this work.
...you've done the same for me, .
wat kinda question
rollin up as we tweet brother
nervous tells fox he doesn't want debate moderators to fact check
no kidding. is ignorance promoting, fact free dream machine.
happy birthday bro hope u don't up and decide to be prime minister of grenada instead of antigua
bahahahahahaha! thanks much broski! i'll take your words seriously don't worry!
this filthy, ripe cum-rag thong should do the trick for thong-thursday. it's also for sale to all you filth-pigs ou...
fucking insanely hot!
deadass typing a 800 word essay that's due at 10 for class on the bus on my phone rn cuz bitch we thrive off of pressure (&amp; procrastination)
why do what u could do in the week u were given the assignment when u can do it in 20 minutes on the bus
ohh yess i love willam and bianca der rio!
yessss!!!
nat days r "centenarians" "white chocolate" "american business womens" "car free" "dear diary" "ice cream cone
also... "elephant appreciation day" and last but not least "autumnal equinox day" cheers guys luv ya!!:):)
but he already has tremendous political support especially when it comes to anti-black and anti-muslim policies.
and so does hillary. she has helped kill hundreds of thousands of muslims in syria, iraq, libya and yemen
right-wing chud sewer dweller suckered in by some photoshopped b.s. that it may have created. so obvious. priceles...
trumpistas kept sending me a photo "taken by a witness" that had a tiny indistinct blob they said was a "gun."
win a pair of eagles/steelers tickets courtesy of ! to enter: 1. download their app &gt;&gt;...
birds/ steelers coming to the linc!
that means forever ...
and ever and ever
but he already has tremendous political support especially when it comes to anti-black and anti-muslim policies.
and while blacks are murdered by police, hillary does nothing and even says communities need to behave better.
how any repub can still believe in trickle down economics is beyond me after what happened in kansas, louisiana,wisconsin &amp; nj
exactly charles! lets go back to trickle-down economics that pad the nests of the rich &amp; no one else. what a farce.
thanks jason-story is on
your welcome juliet &amp; still as we speak they are still without power, ill keep you posted throughout the day
well hope you don't have twin out there. you might get mistaken for someone else be safe!
you too. and i mean that sincerely. sad days out there. i hope they pass soon.
[gives 2-year-old a goldfish cracker] me: what do you say? 2: more! the survival instincts are strong with that one.
since following you on snapchat i now hear your tweets in your voice in my head
so lame, it's all you pathetic libs got. foundation
got a lot more than that, nazi sympathizer
federal judge orders texas to change rules that disenfranchise minority voters. texas ignores the order. you can't make this stuff up.
should be ashamed, but i don't think he's capable. he's an ugly coward and bully.
rioting isn't the way to go about this. it won't accomplish anyone anything. people of color aren't the only ones being shot
you actually mean well, i'll give you that.
i had no idea "infra" = "bicycle lane infrastructure" (which varies with the speaker) &amp; not just "infrastructure,"
in us politicians &amp; economists mean "highways, roads, bridges, tunnels" etc for cars
if anyone is concerned with lives, why is no one talking about all the murder in cities like chicago ?
all "dialogue" must serve the narrative.
but he already has tremendous political support especially when it comes to anti-black and anti-muslim policies.
so, i agree the nasty ugly racists are coalescing around trump. the cocktail faux-liberal racists gather round hillry
i rly dnt want all those extra ppl tryna rub my belly all day lol no shade
you're pregnant you have the bitch card approved for the next 5 months. you can say "don't touch me"
every year winter seems to be a surprise in our hospital.
winter? try montreal!!!!
i know this seems like a good idea but i'm just warning you they smell
my aunt's pug (rip) was an angel and i do not remember a particular smell
you mean to tell me this chick is not your wife? shame
shoot. deleting that tweet soon to follow. thought i checked out the handle and didn't see it used. thanks man.
happy (photo: )
not til 10:21 am est~~~
tcq&amp;a: sexologist on anxious parents, tribeca's sexiest bar, the pothole of death, and more...
great feature.
'heads up' by is out tomorrow! receive these exclusive goodies by pre-ordering from our store:...
(photo by on )
morning gz &amp; all
morning beth hi all
spent an hour and half on an assignment. saved to my documents. logged off. deleted every document i had. gone forever. had 3 pages typed
every document on the computer?????
wtf is your point? nra ain't shit
what? why do you think congress doesn't make stronger gun laws? cause nra pays them billions
reupping trump from yesterday, asked broadly about stop and frisk and him saying he looks at crime in cleveland, chi
so what about open carry donald?
pitching my new venture tomorrow 's showcase. mood:
slay, sis. slay.
discuss race with these guys not white people
race is their construct and problem not ours
please send us your details via: our team will look into this for you. ^ii
this is not working, wrote my problem twice and message desapears, it doesn't give me time to explain. you need to call me!
the count of monte cristo is the best book ever written. imo.
my wife loves that story as well. is it the revenge?
if trump wins, then he'll have congress. so, i don't get your point.
wrong. a trump win doesn't guarantee he'll have congress at all. if anything, it will bring out more dem voters
wtf is your point? nra ain't shit
wtf is your problem
57 degree weather and a third cup of coffee before 8 a.m. is basically nirvana for my brain
i'm ready for that weather
. is the only 1 we get up this early for!
yay! enjoy and say hi to idina for me. won't make it tomorrow being an adult with responsibilities sucks. i'll live through u
the earworm that's keeping me up right now f, f, f-i-l! l, l, l-m-o! o, o, o-r-e! filmore junior high! bonus pts if you can cite the context
the brady bunch! ooh, those were some fraught tryouts.
best wrestling game ever
wtf? why is my ps4 spitting out my games after a few minutes?
trump was just asked on to explain to the anchors what the black community "wants" from the white community.
fox news knows trump has an african american.
federal judge orders texas to change rules that disenfranchise minority voters. texas ignores the order. you can't make this stuff up.
lock him up. and should go to jail. they are trashing the rights of hard working texans.
show your past health records, your emails, your wall st speeches, the watergate report y u were fired, benghazi,etc
chump change compared to being on putin's payroll. you guys have rumors and nothing else
my coworker got me into this band and didn't know they had a new one so now he's freaking out.
it's really good. kind of a mix of their last two, with a little of the debut thrown in the mix. i love it.
like now? you only dismiss police murders because you doubt it could affect you.
i don't dismiss them at all. i dismiss the ones that are clearly not murders.
the upside down
idk what that means yet
hot take: the lesson of this election is that most democrats support the dem nominee, most republicans support the gop nominee.
know-nothing take
what's the point of scheduling a days in advance if the driver cancels 10 minutes before?
just ordered a cab since shockingly we couldn't get another lyft at 4:45 in the morning. thanks!
yeah... time to do some unsubscribing
. lol...on fb. &gt;&gt;&gt;a bloomberg poll shows donald trump with a terrifying 5 point lead in ohio. make an urgent contribution of $2.70
we have yankees/orioles tickets every hour today
how do i win?! dad's the biggest fan- need to win
never got caught actually, if anyone has a chip on their shoulder though its brady
lol never got caught... just smashed his phone for no apparent reason when they asked.. same thing to me
chump change compared to being on putin's payroll. you guys have rumors and nothing else
your candidate's entire support is predicated on cowardice and stupidity
yeah... time to do some unsubscribing
the selling of fear...so disgusting
opening paragraph of your piece might be my favorite piece of of 2016
wow thank u!!!
it's one of my faves in the book!!
so any good kid friendly eats in the book? (&amp; no i don't just mean mac &amp; cheese )
carrie bradshaw just bought her apt in manhattan with a $40k down payment
girl it was the 60s!
an eye for an eye will only make the whole world blind. mg
blind ass a bat!!! - we say it loud!!! cheers 2 all !
thanks. there were literally 4 people in the audience. it's not a video that i posted &amp; i'm not able to get it take...
dude,,why didnt you call me? i would have brought a herd of bodies :)
interesting, we never see asian-americans rioting and looting
that's not interesting at all.
this guy's a fucking narc smfh
he's out there snitching on everyone. be careful!
yes. just let me finish getting divorced first...
hey,,,im first in line to marry you next
i love how you sneaky fave my creativity tweets because you are also a millennial irish person with californian notions
hehe yup. plus big magic was a frequent talking point in this household for months. really enjoyed it.
that's why i got thru this every 3 0r 4 months. works great!! thank god. xoxx
i need that game woman! lol clears the cobwebs lol
my ap lit students are finding "happy endings" to be a rich, rewarding, and surprising reading experience. thank you!
: happy to help. :)
some girl on my snap posted her bf like "balmain denim shorts" shits was straight zara lmfao
she don't love her boyfriend
hip hip on to it
hooray tomorrow is friday
the more i work on writings for my dissertation, the more of her work i want to read.
: thank you!
charlotte protester yells at fox news reporter: 'you wanna make a f*cking fabricated story'
fox news.....fabricated story......nah. what on earth do you mean?
i'm so weird the 1st think that came to mind is nice collar bones &amp; shoulder
he has the best collar bones and shoulders i would say the same thing tbh
i'm out of town on election day but will get my absentee ballot any day now.
thank you!! i'm getting nervous
'there was nothing to fear, nothing to doubt'
ooh i doubt that
i'd fuck her.. looking like this anyways.
lets fuck her together
i've been staring at this for like three minutes. it's like windows, but made entirely of the material in crocs sandles
found the blog of the person who i think may have made that theme. it includes this as well
describe yourself in three fictional characters:
i love strictly ballroom!!
media's revealed who trump is, writes , but public doesn't care:
except media is bunch of liars-period
trump tells that he was only referring to chicago for a stop-and-frisk expansion:
omg, this guy can lie. trump throw out things, sees how the public and the media reacts, then he adjusts it. scam
and your battery is about to die too. nightmare!
it is charging :)
for anyone who wants to denounce bigotry &amp; racism, now is the time to step forward and take a stand against trump.
funny 30 yrs in the public eye and trump never called a racist or bigot. even been embraced by sharpton and 1/2
hold up i thought kyra was hooking up wit other guys
what is this lmao
important to remember that on freeways pedestrians *do not* have the right of way. keep driving charlotte.
fits tenor of your twitter, reveals much. trump absolutely would elicit your enthusiasm. i encourage you to challenge your views.
if u wanna get gazed at by this guy, it'll cost you $8. no pregnant women.
can you imagine a staring contest btw this guy and abramovic? in a hotel conference room?
colts need more from key players to help soften their injury problem
"what key players?" this team is lacking.
clinton makes an unusual push: to win over disabled people and their families - washington...
shameful that media seems to have no concern over important policy changes, just reality star drama.
when do we get to call the national guard on the police?!!
oooo white is right twitter in my mentions early this am.
assange drops first bomb: october surprise preview--possible criminal activity via
utter bullshit/stop wasting my time
i think im just going to go to my morning class
my mental health is at its peak today. and this is the first time im missing class. i'll live.
didn't see thankful for dvr
me too loll as soon as i drop toni to school and head home i'm all on it
thank you for thinking of me. i was in miami
always love:) - cheers .
we're bombarded with information, but it's harder than ever to know what's true.
1) wish that more than few take note of this because now in this political climate the amount of misinformation peddled as truth
saddens me when some men think they aren't good enough.. same goes for some women.. you are good enough!
and you are a goddess :)
yachts, nelson mandela, war crimes tribunal, hot sauce. it's got everything!
a posse that's happy to drive around primping her while she ignores them!
am amazed. at a time when pm shud be working on uri, his machinery working overtime to get aap mlas arrested or me...
, now i agree with "coward and psychopath " comment
how'd it go?!
we'll find out in four hours! but we definitely won "most stylish startup" by far
i am so pissed at deadbeat for dragging concession &amp; endorsement! i mean pissed!
yep, this did not help at all. he knows it too! but at this point, we need all hands on deck.
if you keep it up u could make it
thank you means a lot!!!
. how can such a gullible people govern themselves?
with better education, perhaps... and perhaps a bit more naming of lies as lies in the media.
behold the power of the pumpkin!
": behold the power of the pumpkin! yes!
not as bad as cubone = charizard
i actually was talking to a girl i met in japan about that. i'd never heard that before.
so good! didn't see that twist coming.
omg no totally unexpected! so good
because i want to go today and i'm wondering how long the line was and how long you waited
i waited 21 hours but i was the second person there lol. that was overkill though. i think you should arrive by 11 at the latest
its more than black people being upset. being "upset" doesnt mean beating people and looting, destroying your own c...
it's time you racist assholes get beaten. looting? racist business getting damages? only racists like you give a flying fuck.
great, thanx. home 2day
gm stephen &amp; all!
goebbels was right. the agitator was a piece of shit. i look forward to james earl ray day.
you might be dangerous if you had a brain...however.
every day i see your tweets i hate you and my life even more lol i want to do fun things! and i miss you
come do fun things
is a thug with a history of marijuana use, domestic violence and harassment charges.
so its plausible she was on something when she took from this earth. disgusting
they're just the only shootings get publicized.
if you say so.
i will never understand this cover of ... why use 's portrait of...
because it's in the public domain and looked good?
self-harm among armed forces jumps by a third in past five years, figures reveal by telegraph reporters via news
vietnam, vietnam, vietnam...we were all there but no one heeded the lessons learned. what's next? fragging officers?
congratulations to another grad helping change the world at the un general assembly
. thank you! it's great to be doing proud!!
it's my today, cheers. show me your love in my and welcomed
happy birthday sweetie :)
looking forward to this thread. cc
the epitome of the dangers of ignorance.
central park is coming soon
it's the first day of fall come on
fun fact a lot of the filming for capote was done around the city i live.
for the new york or the nebraska part?
i went on to start reading the essay and i like it
aw thanks !!!
i might frame this .
lmao yo who was i even talking to
932 exec. orders from obama say he don't care about const.
there's no "limit" on how many exec orders a president can/should issue; just like the prez also has unlimited pardon power
back in this bitch.
let me be the first to say, you just got back and you've been a tweetaholic. glad to see you back and on the grind
morning ants! i wanted to play too!
hey now, coraline had help from wybourne in the flick
i was in traffic for so long i iegit watched practically a full episode of my little pony in the minivan in front of me
what season was the episode from
so what bout luv 4 "2nd amendment people?" if i didn't know better, i might think there's blah people exception 2 t...
turns out it's *trump* who's coming for your guns, not obama.
i want to rent a villa in portugal next summer. need friends that are willing to travel. where you at?!
i'll save my vacation for this
here to mars would bring appropriate closure to the ga themes.
here to mars into subtraction into 2's my favorite 1
been saying for years: liberals &amp; muslims if we refuse to discuss extremism candidly, the anti-muslims will set the...
or rather ppl like u projected all muslims as boogeymen and inherently terror apologists which resulted in this.
it's not my "view" that vehicles have the right of way on freeways. i don't believe that law should be challenged.
your run them down hash tag was the disconcerting part and the telling part. i would encourage you to think about what ur advocatin
trump held "town hall event to discuss minority outreach with sean hannity, one of the great leaders of the black community." - jimmy kimmel
jimmy kimmel there r many reasons why you are number 3 in late nite talk shows!
you smart...may you be blessed
i try ..and same to you love
the good news is that she's being replaced by chris evans, while clarkson and may take the place of mel and sue!
god help us - all cakes squashed as they slide around on the backseat! at least clarkson wouldn't go hungry
recent trump issues that msm is ignoring for hillary's emails or something: 1-birther not birther 2-police state 3-slavery better for blacks
yup. more faux hrc news. let's not also remember bribery of bondi, illegal use to foundation funds, foreign ties, etc. list goes on
patriots te rob gronkowski is a game time decision. even w/ brissett at qb, gronk is must start if active. have plan b in place just in case
carlos hyde or julias thomas in the flex this week? ppr
for anyone who wants to denounce bigotry &amp; racism, now is the time to step forward and take a stand against trump.
even charles barkley said: poor ppl have been voting for democrats for 50yrs and the result us they're still poor!!
morning briefing: here's what you need to know to start your day
ametica asked for it, now america has it...
retweet &amp; like if you want the bra to come off!!
id rather just shoot a scene :)
been saying for years: liberals &amp; muslims if we refuse to discuss extremism candidly, the anti-muslims will set the...
4 years ppl like u, harris, maher have stressed that all orthodox muslims r potential extremists anyway so y surprise now?
932 exec. orders from obama say he don't care about const.
a prez can issue a billion exec orders if he wants. it's about their legality not number. and courts decide that not us.
ever since i upgraded my iphone to my alarm doesn't work -- anyone else having this issue? i need my alarm!
i had the same problem! once i turned the new "bedtime" mode on it started working though.
"waving through a window" music video, inspired by fan art | dear evan h...
seen this elvisduran?
conceded: there are still too many lawless &amp; dangerous people on urban streets. it's not a solution to put one of them in the oval office
i think you need to clear this up. what do you mean?
wow. is definitely getting reported to the bbb for what they pulled on me.
what happened?
any suggestions for best/shortest wait dmv in nyc?
of it's a straightforward license thing the express place on 34th west of penn station is not bad.
the owner of bookies bar &amp; grill in detroit on .
bookies bar &amp; grille parts ways with co-owner mark jerant after controversial comments
wow!!!! see you soon deb! i'll bring you coffee...
ok sam i'll be here
hmmm... sorry we are looking into it
i had the same problem, the app is working now
you'll find that there r times brazil a portuguese speaking nation is considered latino but never haiti, the country next to the dr.
as a haitian i have never considered myself to be a latino and it would feel weird if we were called latinos by more ppl
i love the mixture of sweat, tired, and gym lighting oh and duck lips too. good morning!!
wow,,youre beautiful
obama did more for us than bus ever did .. stop that
: can't u comprehend the written language? wrote "if&gt;it's gotten worse". bill locked y'all up &amp; bush is voting 4 hrc. says it all
depressing traffic from airport this morning. perfect welcome back off a red eye
shame we missed each other. was in nyc on mon &amp; tues. hope all's well
if imdb is to be believe most of the film was filmed in manitoba.
wow. i never heard of a film going out of its way to film in manitoba.
ludlowe goal! reid brown scores off a jared migorodsky corner. falcons lead sj 1-0. that's reid's first varsity goal.
jared's last name should be typed as mirgorodsky
why is the hashtag when it's a riot of rabid ignorant animals?
fuck your mom
guys should i do it?
i wish u wouldve stood with vic he liked u and had your back. plus he' s a cutie u two wouldve been a hot showmance.
something has to change.
that is so full of bullshit i don't know where to begin.
city high wants s check for using their song title
city high was dope. old music haha
te rob gronkowski (hamstring), who sat out the first 2 games, is a game-time decision. there's a real chance he makes his debut
he's on my ff need him to play &amp; be productive.
happy fall to you too jeanie! thanks! my favorite season!
i like it too. i just hate what follows !!!
we got a kitten today!!! what to name it..?
omg!!!!!!!!!!!! since my tifa is a black cat, i propose you name it tifa jr!!! (jk)
he used to watch the movies every friday in order to psych himself up for intersquads
had me walking up to the plate like...
my 16-year-old shared this with me earlier tonight. which says something about the climate of ridicule trump faces,...
it's so damn scary in reality. yet media must own it; faux hrc news v bribery, foundation, foreign ties, taxes...
congratulations derek!
thank you!!!
and marco...start working on your chuck voice.
lol yesss chuck voice
been at the new job 4 days...3 of them ended w/ me making a stop at before making it to the parking garage
you're telling me there's every store imaginable on my walk to the train
he's our little mister
and now that i know it's a male cat... i'm sticking with "tifa jr". hahaha!
i really hate the concept of "family" in this show. this is not a family, whatsoever.
that show is so overrated
claudette ortiz was bae
what would you do??
i sure wish i was in the apartment to hear that
i'm surprised whoever just moved into 303 hasn't banged on my wall yet...
off to florida panthers media day and it's only 82 degrees at 7am.
winter's coming!
if anyone needs money holla at me im doing loans for a low rate, also if you tryna sell anything and need start up cash holla at me
i would like to borrow a small loan of a million dollars.
and a large chunk of that jgl movie the lookout.
they all have the same bleak landscape.
there seems to be a sub community that becomes offended by retweets, as if "you're stealing their idea" when, of co...
thanks for explaining that. not that it makes much sense, this is a social network but people have different ideas about that.
neat picture. what models? bottom is an ssd i assume.
bottom is sas ssd, micron s630. top is micron 9100 pro. 9100 does 3 gb/s read &amp; 2 gb/s write.
yo im tryna throw a party i got money who got venues and trying to make money??
been feeling the same way.
claudette ortiz was bae
wonder if liked city high or not gangsta enough
q: how are cameron &amp; crown putters different than other 33-inch putters? let's get the answer from ...
they cost about $500 ???
nfl week 3 staff picks by , ,
can't watch the nfl any more: by week 3 all the good pla...
time for a twitter experiment! does your email / webmail let you email me on hello@.org?
protonmail complains &amp; refuses, ios seems cooperative (sending through gmail)
what always amazes me, is the support the red states give republicans, when they depend on the programs the gop want to cut.
they're ok w tax cuts for corporations as long as they can cut ss medicare,food,housing &amp;healthcare from those lazy poor people.
happy birthday beautiful
thanks pretty
bts of the scene i shot with &amp; for pics by ...
lauren is so damn sexy :)
happy birthday tori
thanks ang
let's do it! let's get him scheduled-- prob mid october when i get back from a latam trip
and i might be back from a russia trip...
trump surrogate doesn't believe police violence is a national problem.
supporters deny racism exists. then stupidly wonder "why the upset". dangers conservative bubble.
morning brian. coming over last week of oct. what's the weather like?
should be perfect by then tommy. light jacket for nights and early mornings. will be in 70's temps
the entire world is listening to you so rioting isnt necessary. there isn't a excuse. it just causes cops to fear blacks
be fearful then
will you be the yitz to 's hedwig??
yes! girl power!
by the way what do you mean, police know who should be having a gun an who shouldn't? w/o running...
so open carry will be for "whites only"?
happy birthday cutie (omg this was so long ago but only pic)
omg this pic but thanks baby xox
frank, as an arab-american anyone's protest vote is a detriment to my safety in this country
makes no sense to ever vote for someone you are opposed to fundamentally
she was listening to rapper noyd
lmaooooo that's a fact
1/ unfortunately research shows that educated americans are just as gullible. for example:
that piece seems to point to the need for better edu
got my season "tickets" yesterday. the box is nice. red white and green like in the old days. i'll miss having the book of tickets
but it follows a trend i noticed over the summer - the might be re-introducing the old green into the mix.
i feel sorry for the venezuelans. nobody seems to be able to stop this dictator
he'll be run out of town one of these days
(ibd) so why can't obama admit beheaded christians? - - - 161
not their narrative..
of the time period.
is this near winnipeg?
i can feel my anxiety getting bad again. i can't keep living like this, there has to be some way to make it stop.
it will work its way out and get better, i promise, love you gf
she was listening to rapper noyd
and half a mil around that time
state dept: agents are posing as refugees. kerry, clinton hardest hit by admission
kerry you are an idiot - whatever you done was a mess and a disadvantage to america. you are hopeless, useless and clueless..
trump surrogate doesn't believe police violence is a national problem.
mention racism and jeffrey the robot goes to his single response of describing status of a century ago.
2/ the news media is a business, providing what its audience wants. not a likely cure for a gullible people.
it is a business, it does not have to always deliver just what ppl want to hear
just posted a little mashup trial on facebook live...
that was awesome, great way to start the day! good morning! ;-)
but it follows a trend i noticed over the summer - the might be re-introducing the old green into the mix.
...and i will take full credit for it because i re-introduced the old green on the redesigned website last year.
that ugly white shorty with the greasy face lol
she dead looked like a pasty he'll tell wow &amp; was all up in dat
i'm advocating for the drivers of charlotte to exercise their right of way on freeways. unsafe to yield to pedests. on freeway.
yah that's exactly the sentiment expressed by that hashtag. for sure.
get the "bubble"
is that an app name ?
did you see this?
very weird. however if it was land-based i think we would have seen the damage. it had to be a plane...
are you like one of the bosses then sweets
no not a boss, just an it professional. focused on the core banking and software
"...don king is not a respected figure to use for black outreach..." ~ i only know him as a thief.
he's still alive? how &amp; who is he relevant to in the black community? &amp; where is omarosa? thought she was leading that charge
ladies &amp; gentlemen, its on and today's show features &amp;
congrats nominated
you're judging me, my skin, but you are accusing me of judging bc i'm voting for america 1st. there's an issue with logic here.
no logic to trump as well the shooting in tulsa now to add to the list of murdering blk americans wake up!!
that ugly white shorty with the greasy face lol
she was dead a pasty hell rell &amp; was all up in that
fop rep says had a gun. stop leaking stuff show the video!
the police did the same thing in ferguson.....leaked the info they chose to leak.
sometimes i think i don't have any of my shit together and then i meet grown men who don't know their own shoe size
oh my god i'm crying hahahaha i legit look at these men like they're idiots
"the assault on the western welfare state in the 80s was occluded by the blossoming of internationally-oriented human rights" -
"the closure 1989 was presumed to have brought to the 20th century was in fact the starting gun for a new round of struggle." -
so corbyn bein accused of anti semitism again of video party saying explicitly that they wouldnt stand anti semitism
if sanders had not been a jew himself, he would have been accused of being anti semitic by the media as well
2/ the news media is a business, providing what its audience wants. not a likely cure for a gullible people.
if memory serves me, it was churchill who said "democracy is the worst form of government, except for all the others."
texas to withdraw from feds' refugee program over terror threat
funny lol the feds don't need "permission" from a state to run the refugee program anywhere in the usa.federal law trumps state law
bts of the scene i shot with &amp; for pics by ...
very hot scene :)
even his cumulative stats (hr, war) put him up there. who should it be?
kepler w/ twins, although all #'s don't show whole picture. naquin w/ indians, doing it on 1st-place team carries weight.
ugh. you can't get a break.
i'm telling you. i hate that i have to go through some kind of pain always, but alas what can i do? it will go away later
i hope you feel better. tomorrow's a new day
thanks. it's nothing that'll stop me from doing what i need to get done today. i just feel silly constantly sneezing lol
the boys soccer team defeated oratory prep yesterday by a score of 3-0. great job boys!
do you guys have a jv team? if so, would you like to travel to asbury park?
ugh. you can't get a break.
how are u feeling?
since gits is not really as famous as ghost busters!
i wonder though whether it will flop. it might give birth to a new, not so well liked fans of the franchise.
had a random person tell me stop eating chocolate and ur acne will stop, thanks prob is i don't like chocolate stfu
jeez,, yesterday i had a pretty bad episode (heart/lung)..and of course, the "expert"...pissed me off..
that isn't saying much
every morning when i stretch it goes right into the sturdiest milly rock
then i gotta put some music on, i'm already in a good mood
can't even describe how important tamika catchings has been to the basketball community. great player, even better person.
two great competitors!
i am . and no one told me life was gonna be this way.
would it help if i said that i love lucy, get smart and dick van dyke show all debuted near this date many years earlier?
which aspect of the pacific war is your favorite to research/study? (loved the first two books, can't wait for the third!)
hard to single out one. at the moment i'm interested in press, public relations, censorship: experience of us war correspondents.
this is my new favorite thing on the internet
oh my god!!! i was squirming and shouting to my phone watching that video. wtf!!!?? how can a dude be that awkward?!
sorry to hear this. we suggest giving your tracker a few restart, here's how: hope this helps!
been there done that. thanks anyway! i'll just have to buy a new one.
like why did u get so offended when i asked who you were with now , it's true
wait lmfaoooooooo what. who you talking about
"e sure for me" by ezege 1 is on via dstv ch252 today.
brand new tune star
i didn't like them &amp; y'all are some assholes
city high had joints
sustainable if energy derived from digesting food exceeds energy invested in producing it
could you unwrap that a bit for me? i was thinking of the intensive use of electrical power.
lmao it looks like all the kids wanna be anywhere besides there
that's one way to look at it, perhaps a negative one but i hear you
aww, here are brad pitt and angelina jolie's most iconic red carpet looks
love the knock-up!!! :)
here's another wisconsin poll that shows up 7.
idiots at nbc fooling themselves with fake polls on 500 selected people - that is their news - not worth watching.
nicole literally pushed him. she scared him enough to make him take her to final 2
ah. so she was playing the game of big brother. gotcha.
my 4th grader reports kids in his class chant 'build the wall' at their hispanic science ta. win or lose trump's america is toxic.
that is fucked up, somehow always more shocking from kids
i'm crying
lmaoooo "love you"
have had such a lovely stay - perfect midtown spot. can't wait to share all about it on the blog soon!
we are very excited to hear you enjoyed your stay! can't wait to read your blog post!
i didn't like them &amp; y'all are some assholes
how could you not be bumpin some city high spring of 2001. good vibes
safe travels-you had lovely nyweather
sure did. hope ur child's well
a 2% shift toward clinton in a day
nobody believes any la times poll. ridiculous.
lmao it looks like all the kids wanna be anywhere besides there
guess you start where you can though
ah, yes, your blurb looks perfect in it &lt;3
not half so perfect as the story itself! :)
glaring divide in dfs community right now. some say industry is "thriving." others say it's "dying." nearly 50/50 split. little middleground
i'll take the drop off of tv commercials during games as a result. no matter what the case is.
"e sure for me" by ezege 1 is on via dstv ch252 today.
brand new tune
i know dude it's sick!
i just had a bio test. either aced it or bombed it bad
lol, so realistic. i can definitely relate!
nyc had "rapid repairs" program &amp; "fixed" our heat by putting a pipe across our living room 2clothesline us.
trump's with you. and your money, . trump campaign paid trump's companies over $500,000 last month
no surprise from the guy who uses a charity as a personal slush fund. he's been asked 1 question about that.
is it normal to snooze for an hour
i do this most mornings that i skip the gym
stephen a. smith on dak: 'i understand the brother can play,' but the cowboys will contaminate him
stephen does not like the cowboys and his comments have always shown that. so his comments are biased toward the boys!
when you're high af and you're getting ready to step out into reality
lol this is me
dems getting nervous, the order is out, fix those polls, hilly has to be ahead so when rigged elections kick in the...
don't believe the media hype. they'll do and say anything to get what they want.
on a ferris wheel with the birthday boy who was told to pick anywhere and chose, of all places... the cnn center
loving that hat cc
feel safer yet? obama's screwed-up priorities shine in new national security directive
. odd then that w/out any meddling by gop the military's already planning on the impact of climate change on military operations
good morning!! make sure you wear your favorite trump shirt today and tell your friends/coworkers/family why you are voting for mr. trump!
. rather be hit by a train than support that xenophobe or be associated with his
a reductionist comparitive imbacile who uses non sequitur facile dichotomy circular logic
he was there. you? i love you smart asses throwing around big words &amp; say nothing. use google imbacile
chuck and blair are everything.
they're no haleb, but they'll do!
riots over police shooting engulf charlotte for 2nd straight night
but you're not being honest about what happened. thanks to fb i saw it live! no need for anymore fabricated stories from you all!
texas to withdraw from feds' refugee program over terror threat
we do not need un vetted flood of make terrorist refugees..
beautiful patti
gm lovely lily
"e sure for me" by ezege 1 is on via dstv ch252 today.
brand new tune kadondo
you've been sold a bill of goods. namely that terror attacks here are this huge problem, and they honestly aren't.
reality is that terror is an affect, not an action. government/media will choose the violence they want us to be scared of
another one
really like that elevator huh lol
i don't need to watch another video to know that people of color are being killed in the streets for no good reason.
people are out there fighting for their lives. what side of this fight are you on? doing nothing saying nothing puts you on the wrong one.
i know it will be epic!
one if the many charms of gg is how (mostly) inaccurately it portrays nyc cc:
you got my prayers brother.
nothing but love. my mom got out ok and the procedure went well. thank you.
are you still having this issue?
yes, and this mention didn't show up in my mentions tab. i have all notifications enabled here and in sys prefs
the white protesters protest.the black ones riot &amp; loot.get with the program.
-&gt; i hate and am embarrassed to admit that i saw what appeared to be whites rioting too.
they really fucking think everything was hunky dory racially and the black guy at 1600 penn is the one who triggered all this.
obviously he did not but his skin color? guilty.
can you comment on the prognosis for ameer abdullah both this season and beyond. what is the exact injury?
seems to be a lisfranc injury.may be back late this session.ok for next
please do a gg podcast!
as ues private school kids and lifetime nycers, &amp; i are eager for gg commentary.
wanna go to ott for oct. 12th? pick your winner for thur nfl and tweet to either (pats) or (texans)
cant believe canadians gaga for hype league and totally oblivious to the game canada has. literally oblivious.
my students were discussing - they want a prequel of the grandfather
i think that's a great idea! how about a sequel? i did write one of those...
brand new polls show donald trump on top in key states... nevada, north carolina and ohio
thanks for the update on the polls but i think the media is suppressing the data to keep hrc in campaign money
where do people keep getting these pics of me. i mean
its from a movie he was in called weiner dog i live for these pics
everyday i try posting inspirational &amp; inspiring quotes to everyone because you never know what everyone's going through.
i be doing the same on here and fb and a few ppl had inbox me just giving me thanks and gratitude towards it
spidermanhanover watching the races while taking a little afternoon walk
good luck today bud !!
i love that special message that giving your spouse an anniversary card provides "see, i didn't forget".
now come here and do your thing.
news anchor calls out sean hannity for trying to smear shooting victim terence crutcher
is such s sleaze. not fit for anything
how about this? idk what to doooo
that looks like the ocean
i'm good. busy with work. going to the wedding of my wife's nephew this weekend.
oh that's awesome. this weekend i'm gonna celebrate my grams bday as well as mine, since i'll be working on mine.
"e sure for me" by ezege 1 is on via dstv ch252 today.
brand new tune
why did you rt this bryan it doesnt have photographers in it!
no idea what you are referring to. sorry!
so basically my musical theatre demo song makes me cry every time i really think about it.
same pls help
check this out ! oh i am up for it! help me out ...
i'm offering prizes to hop-ers. stay tuned
i can do that with my personal database. maybe we figure out how to make a consumer facing version at some point
. great idea. i'd also love to a view w pace figs added &amp; and pp running line preview option
haven't done one of these in a while...
oh...damn...where are my pressure pills,,,
wasn't my taste.
need to get wit it
yeah. i know. "all races". almost all white. as in dallas where black police have their own org.
so you're saying tendorsement of police officers does not count if they are white? sounds kind of racist?
this might surprise you: millennials, supposedly over diamonds, spent $26 billion on them last year
thanks for the share! love what you guys are doing
i'll pass !
hahahhaha ha
just saw gov. snyder, his beagle, and his bodyguard out for a morning walk.
the dog has a bodyguard?
just received my b&amp;w p7 wireless headphones. i'm in love.
my ears are orgasming.
"e sure for me" by ezege 1 is on via dstv ch252 today.
brand new tune
let's all try not to be monsters today, shall we?
i can't agree to this hah
every day before school, this dad teaches his little girl that she is so much more than beautiful.
,, i love this !!! dad of the year !!
it's ok. we just know where you're coming from.
so hillary doesn't want votes of want the votes of white police officers and doesn't care if they endorse?
yes! i love the "100 ways..." series. i wish there were more of them!
i'm working on it still, don't worry! thank you so much for the feedback!!
your legacy is still scattered among many dashboards
gotta find it to show my kids
take care and listen to your body, you're the expert on that.
yep, i usually don't let it get me down...
ha i'm trying, idk for sure
well pull some strings
provide enough replay value for me. i'd give it a solid 8/10.
ha those are all the songs i usually listen to; i skip over most of the others...overall, i enjoy the album though
hey, very cool. happy birthday
thanks hun much appreciated.
you mad the white boy knows more about bboy culture than you?
. ur a classic example of penis envy &amp; u don't even know it. sum yt men wan be blk so bad &amp; they can't and it enrages them
i think most cops are good guys, i dont think all white cops are racist. but there are some fucking monsters out there going wild.
"i have to be a cop because my whole family was. i must be a cop". should be am eliminating question?
fantastic mate. see you then!
look forward to that tommy
goodmorning bro,s &amp; sis,s "consider it all joy my brothers, when you meet with various trials" james 1: 2
see commentary on the letter of james p. 14 realizing that any suffering we go through can be for o...
are you closer to hillary clinton or donald trump on foreign policy?
what kind of experience does the emperor has in foreign policy.
trump is laughing at americans
what.a.scam.
how will the media overcome its trustworthiness problem?
the "optics" of this casts a "shadow" over what they report.
attention press corp: even though you love donald trump right now, soon he'll leave you for a younger, prettier press corp.
hes been asked 1 question about his slush fund charity. media are chicken. hrc would be endlessly skewered.
since when are someone's citizenship rights suspended during a criminal investigation?
since we decided ending habeas corpus will make america great again...?
he's a really awful person
he is deplorable.
sorry but if a black dude with his hands in the air terrifies you, you shouldnt have a gun and a license to kill people
and fear should not be the legal standard by which you have the right to do so.
when ur roommate asks u to assist on a shoot and u can't and it ends up being with dr. mike
stop!!!!! i love him
trump to debate moderator holt: we don't want another candy crowley - politico trump fears fact checking
trump wants to tell lies to the american people, please don't let him.
morn chummz, nother busy day for me
great day for all mason tonight you ready
false like their other false flag events.
my comment in picture about...
policy issues nearly absent in pres. campaign coverage hrc has policies on website, msm wan...
exactly. just tweeted same issue of resolved hrc issues to - no deep dive on policy differences.
we only knew about rodney king because of the video. imagine all the shit before, all the shit since, thousands and thousands.
i was in la when that happened. lots of folks said "how do we get the shit he is on".
yep. ok, i gotta get ready for work. have a great day and i hope you feel better.
ok hun. have a great day at work.
us airstrikes on syrian troops were 'intentional,' lasted nearly 1 hour - assad to ap
bring our troops home.let muslims kill their own..
but, actually - if we plan far enough in advance, we could convince a good crew to join
we could be the 2 live crew
i'll end on this retweet. one love, tweeps.
i hang my (white) head in shame.
you read a novel where the main character dies and you wonder why there are still 250 more pages left
welcome to . get your tissues ready.
new emerson poll of likely voters in wisconsin: clinton 45 trump 38 johnson 11 mu law had it much closer tho
funny media keeps showing the fox news poll, where trump is leading by 3 (tie margin of error)
obama's legacy will be the degradation of race relations due to his racist behavior and lack of appropriate leadership! woefully unqualified
and that's nothing but the truth, i'm ashamed to say.
i got to breed this *sweet* hole who connected with me on twitter. i'm a very happy top. &gt;;-}~
your pics drive me insane! you're so hot! love your thick pubes and rock-hard veiny shaft!
hmmm. i wonder what this guy meant by his tweet: "you think charlotte is bad, wait for election night."?
no question. he meant he and his klan buddies ate going to riot when t boy loses
trump's campaign paid his businesses $8.2 million | ap photo
this isn't a story. if you could show the campaign didn't get value for money, that would be a story. otherwise, it's pathetic.
. is p.s. , that's the style skirt i was looking for in nairobi.
ok k we can make that happen. looks tailored to me.
reminder, not a running list. only based on week 2
yeah, he'll be higher next week, obvi
nope went to the golds you and i hit up last time i was in town
i'm raising hell in there next time i go. they keep trying to charge me.
who did the contouring on his muscles, i just wanna talk
to thank them
trump's campaign paid his businesses $8.2 million | ap photo
other candidates didn't use their companies because they didn't have them. hillary has none, can't use. not complicated.
excited for this great bid event tonight!
we can't wait to see you!
oh dear. bracing myself to cringe.
i was wrong, a+++
not your 'normal' wine shelf. :)
would be so much more impressive if it could place an order and auto-refill....
thanks for this, mike. many people forget these are human beings and often, "the challenge lies in awareness." important work...
thanks for the feedback!
clinton still comfortably ahead of trump in latest national poll
since the election is based on state by state voting the national polls are next to worthless. let's see the swing state polling.
embarking on an 8 hour car ride with my professor......will post updates as needed
- a kid in the car is complaining that pennsylvania still isn't a state, because it's a commonwealth! can't be both
yeah i wasn't making fun of the situation, it's very valuable work being done. kids just never have fun learning at that age
i try not to under estimate though you never know what they pick up
i'm wuth that. we not eating at longhorn tho
hopefully next time she show me respect
great feature by on our event:
nice one, great article, we look forward to event cheers
what would you say is the common denominator in riots/looting?
an excuse to riot/loot
3 top trends for 2017.
thanks for the retweet - appreciate it!!!
my best friend and i are about to put ourselves outside of our comfort zone and go on an adventure
have so much fun!!!
planning an emotional budget
totally misread, thinking, "every time i make a budget, i feel so emotional".
omg congrats to my bff on passing her road test now u can drive me around :))) love you
omg i love u sm bff and yes cant wait to be ur uber
there are some that must be against something just for the sake of creating attention and drama.
we know!!!!!!!!!!
a compelling reason not to move to north korea: they only have 28 websites
u stopped me just in time!
so crazy how without that luxurious layer of aluminum foil over the top of the can you'd think san pellegrino was just..... canned seltzer
you shut your mouth
!! you're like 15x cooler than leon! unless we're counting how cool he thinks he is.
i have about the same amount of driving skills as him, according to re6.
i haven't dealt with acne in yrs but high stress lately and they've come out in full force
we both know stress,manifests in different ways. you take care of yourself as well
which airport?
oakland international.
lmfao you knew what i meant!
had to correct you before anyone else
police have killed least 15 black people in the month since began his protest. it seems he had a point.
why would wanting a better america be unpatriotic?
breaking: 78 percent of latinos have a negative view of donald trump, poll finds
why should they have a positive view for trump, when he wants to build a wall?
i don't know about you, but i'm feeling 22?
happy birthday!!!
the us has been a world leader in welcoming refugees. donald trump and his son compare them to snakes and skittles.
real skittles are more dangerous than refugees.
i still have sessions left!
&amp; we might convince her to sign up
. tops up his 99.9% album with the brand new 0.001% mixtape.
copped. rt : . tops up his 99.9% album with the new 0.001% mixtape.
i'm gonna kick your ass when i see you. i'll never live this down
if you were in awe i understand
looting is not "protesting." it's rioting. call it what it is, .
truth, but pc uses words to lie..
personally, "v" bottoms are not my favorite .. i prefer bottoms to *mosey* around a while and then move up :-)
a lot easier to trade those. same applies intraday. can put on more risk and have very well defined risk...
global impact of antimicrobial resistance poses a major challenge to achieving the sustainable development goals...
partnerships creating sustainable healthcare solutions for noncommunicable diseases ...
did that yesterday
hey jess now you got me doing it to if you notice i kept rt;ing his tweets like you did, your a bad influence
the '&amp;' plagues the irish online ;)
actually, to save everyone the hassle of supporting apostrophes, i have actually changed my name to brian o&amp;;kelley.
thank you for calling out these black pastors for dt. his behavior was disgusting. tax the churches.
agree. i worked behind the scenes at a church for years. some of it is very "scammy".
the tweet that just made my morning! let me involve the rest of you, sign up here:
it's like really, really good. keep them coming
you have to direct a chris pea play - that's what i heard on these mean streets
working on it. in the meantime, tell them to step it up.
this is gold
i hope his apostles step up this season too!
september is "trump is hitler month" at the washington post - the lid
maybe wap as a thing for hitler...i hate the sound of that evil man and so should every american
mm. didn't know what was a thing
neither did i, marvin. neither did i. lol.
but applebee's was okay? oh.
need to go to ihop
trump is trying to protect americans from the terrorism we witnessed last weekend.
no he's not. he's business man with a bunch of failing enterprises.
question of etiquette, or maybe protocol: what do you say when you get into an uber
i say "hi, i'm mike" to confirm i'm the guy who hailed
why is he a racist? bc someone told you so? why don't you think for yourself?
he's just trying to make a buck.
show your assets for thong thursday.
love these combos
what?? 250+ this dollar shit has to go
i sent the cancel
nothgard issues video for 'the sinner's sake'
dididdidid..urgent message lol. hey you guys ever here of the band the last ten seconds of life?.. well you will...
someone has donated an issue of the mag to the met library, oui?
oh, i should bring one down.
hell yeah bro, it's on hbo. you can watch all seasons on hbogo. i got you with the sign in if you need it lol
lmfao ight , once im outta work i might hit ur line for it
folk lining up at solebox/adidas already for the yeezy 2.0 raffles in berlin. i don't get it
they're awfulness
if dot could put a message board at e38street and 1st, directing cyclists to 3rd ave it would make a huge difference.
you should call it in to the 311 system. only nycdot can make that happen. not jsk anymore. or me since i have no power! :)
trump surrogate doesn't believe police violence is a national problem.
is a scared old white man perpetuating lies.
imagine being this hurt and closeted.
what kind of a pathetic person has to come out of nowhere like that to put someone down? dude is way too
so much going on right now. i wish i was in bk discussing everything with , and my other book club ladies.
come back! both of you!
describing myself with fictional characters is about all i do but...
omg the bride
i know nothing about but i want it for my house since i dance w/ my daughters every day now. what should i get? help.
most rooms the play:3 are more than enough
or..do you want some bears to eat you
me pulling up to the scene horny and barely of age
folk lining up at solebox/adidas already for the yeezy 2.0 raffles in berlin. i don't get it
they're awful
every morning is a good morning when you're ! wooooooooo!
2 claps &amp; a......
overcast is also great, just to suggest another option.
overcast looks great. i may need to check that out. thx.
breaking: will announce corruption charges against nine people, including joe percoco and alain kaloyeros at noon
hopefully bill deblasio and cuomo are next, eventually boss tweed hillary
i say "hi, i'm mike" to confirm i'm the guy who hailed
then i say "follow that car" while pointing at my enemy, then duck under my trenchcoat and use my phone as a periscope
my friend just sent me this picture to tell me the girl on the left's tattoo looks like a snarling me and holy shit
i honestly think about this image at least once a day still. truly haunting.
imagine being this hurt and closeted.
interested in what's between someone's legs for him not to be overcompensating for his interests.
i'm at the hospital and can't listen right now. what the hell is going on?!?! this better be a rib..
grab a phone and tune into , then get better asap.
he confirmed it's not about terrorists, that's an excuse. its about ecomonics &amp; power. in today's world, i agree w/nsa. sorry
well yes agree with u as well. he still should be behind bars. not a sympathizer.
1950's tv / vintage home electronics
wow, i remember those tv's. brings back great memories!!
trump explains stop and frisk: police are "proactive...they'll stop, they'll frisk, and they'll take the gun away."
- unfortunately bozo boy doesn't realize it was declared illegal by the courts - and he lives in nyc - trump must sleep all day
in his 2008 campaign, obama pledged to provide a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants....
but he tried. obstruction for 8 years, especially in light of econ disaster, will go down as the shame of 21st century
but surely the source of their discrimination is the fact they are men - but don't conform to expectations
yes--transwomen experience violence from men because of their internalized homophobia--not misogyny.
we want mb20 we want mb20 we want mb20 lol
yes we do!!!!!
safe travels
ty stload of work awaits me
we'll make our economy and country more welcoming to people with disabilities. we all win when everyone gets to share in america's promise.
why are you saying that our country is not welcoming to people with disabilities? "gets to share" - measurable goal?
just gonna leave this here.
that's one way to remind people usa today actually has columnists.
mild still outside. nice end to the week coming up. who would be excited if i said on tv tomorrow that there's several days of 60s coming..?
thank you so much, have a great day!!
stuff was auto debited and instead of declining it didn't. i was told i wouldn't be charged an overdraft fee and i was
im sorry,,,that sucks.
ahhh!!! okay i'm getting a ticket for one!
you won't believe this performance, you'll probably want to go again...and again
maybe. you should talk to him after and tell him why you yelled
i did. i be feeling so bad tho but he doesn't listen until in the morning.
icymi: assessing the (minuscule) playoff hopes.
so you're saying there's a chance!
wow already 4 years since size in the park
damn that was such a great 2 days, he's gotta come back soon
happy ! above average temps hang around for some this weekend, forecast on !
any chance we can ever get the weather channel back on fios? that show on 619 is useless.
omfg this is hot!
so hot seeing you fucking all these hot men!
president obama has experiences enormous obstruction from repugs will encounter at least as much.
obama didn't need obstruction; he didnt care. he did nothing about police brutality &amp; even gave the police more military gear.
i'm genuinely flabbergasted that they bought a show for so much with no guarantee of the presenters/judges
i loved gbbo because of the hosts &amp; it was a genuine competition, not some sleazy reality show. i hope it doesn't change.
saying "i called it" about the ny/nj bombing: donald trump is the only person besides terrorists who claims credit for terrorism.
or is he just saying media it was a bombing just like i said when you said i was wrong or premature? man u hate him
it may not be pretty &amp; compromise privacy, but we need to use every tool. sorry that's how i feel. snowdan just confirmed it
k agree with u wholeheartedly.
to put things into perspective, i used to work 4 mi further than now &amp; woke up 30 mins earlier than now to get there....
but now i have to wake up at the same time! because thought it was a good decision to forget about staten island!
lol ight bet, shameless good as fuck too
ima give both a try, a new season of zoo came out so i gotta see that first
i'm almost at the year mark and ive seen progress but it's not where i want my curls to be. i have hope
it took me two years. no heat. and trims every 6 weeks. plus a ton of treatments..you'll get there!
goal setting for in this year - algorithms
to me it's like the complexity of a pollock painting
acc my match up
i fell asleep
i'm turning this into a candle for all y'all
you can shut your whore mouth
i miss this...
tbh the fame monster is one of a handful of albums that i remember exactly where i was the first time i heard it. iconic.
that's the best knowing you've made someone smile! makes your day better
it days and what's ur snap morning too
racist! 2 million arabs live a happy peaceful life in israel
this is what the media wont tell you
stuff was auto debited and instead of declining it didn't. i was told i wouldn't be charged an overdraft fee and i was
my bank treats me pretty well if youre looking for a new one
good morning!! make sure you wear your favorite trump shirt today and tell your friends/coworkers/family why you are voting for mr. trump!
. and while you're frolicking around,start explaining what trump should do about stealing from charity
andrew ladd says living on li appealed to him and his family. "it gets a bad rap around the league, but guys who have been here love it."
it gets a bad rap around the league because charles wang and mike milbury who both cant run a hockey team gave it a bad rap!
i wrote this when i had freshly broken my leg and was feeling defeated. months later, no sign of change. "the one m...
you know the clenched feeling you get when you eyes get watery when you're about to cry, yeah.
shit is not funny at all
that's horribly fucked up smh
karisa only made one. i made four. just want that on the record.
aaron made 3, but one was on a bounce so they pulled 2 cups. don't exaggerate.
verizon cfo "you cannot make money in an unlimited video world" $vz
wonder if he knows what h265 hvec is!
i was robert f. kennedy's speechwriter. now i'm voting for donald trump. here's why: via...
1)this strange response perplexed me. a few facts were ignored: trump is a liar &amp; a conman, the gop platform hasn't changed nor
election fraud, voter fraud: globalists 'registering' 8 million global citizens, dead people to vote hillary
no id , no vote law needed..
: it is true...but a copy cat it's unknown
still haven't heard it reported and i have listened to the news for over an hour
just being black in general, it's like you have to be always guarded and on the lookout for something
to be constantly vigilant and constantly aware of how you "make others react" is the black persons' reality in the usa
i assume you mean justified homicide because either way someone died. we could do better. thats my stance
well we agree on that.
just going for a walk..
just beautiful, have a wonderful day!!
andrew ladd says living on li appealed to him and his family. "it gets a bad rap around the league, but guys who have been here love it."
i highly doubt long island gets a bad rap. charles wang running a gong show with his buddy mike milbury gets a bad rap.
let's combine us election with market expectations. what are your thoughts about potus and subsequent $spx by year-end?
a win is unequivocally bullish
it's time for nationalism, all other programs have failed.
failed? get list asshole
i feel smart but what are the chances of me going to an ivy league school
aw you could definitely get into an ivy league school!!
also, did you use the 'find lost item' step in the app or your receipt? that helps connect you with your driver directly.
yes! of course! twice even. and crickets
big booty bitch for you woooooo!!!
the life of rothstein
andrew ladd says living on li appealed to him and his family. "it gets a bad rap around the league, but guys who have been here love it."
but hey lets follow charles to bk! a person who knew nothing about hockey sells to a company that knows nothing about hockey.
mikhail grabovski won't speak to the media here today, not cleared due to concussion symptoms. also not cleared to skate.
he's not cleared to talk?
all bow before the one true scott.
to be clear i just think calling recalcitrant voters fools... stupid... spoiled... is "folly." better arguments can be found.
report this
ha ha ed, don't waste your time.....if it's a negative on trump, you'll never hear about it.
also don't wear super busy patterns or tight checks
thank you!!
are you looking for ? it gets here this weekend with the coolest temperatures we've had since early june!
wow, thank you so much, have a great day!!
i'm watching police in full riot gear in charlotte on fox right now being forced to retreat because of cowardly politicians.
doj loretta lynch policies
where to now?
in a few hours!
there there
to relatable!
was in beast mode last night willing her short handed team to post season victory. has on you!
angel has been doing this 4 a long time &amp; does not get the credit she deserves. exceptional athlete &amp;player. thanks!
tl, tell me someone hacked your phone. because only a really mean person would tweet something like that
seriously mind your own business ... i explained myself to her and she is fine
i updated runtastic from
finally figured out they updated the free version in the app store but note the pro version.
waking up to see this loving daughter/dad duo was perfect for starting my day.
really great
meanwhile on the news, this interviewer (rudely) asked this woman "why are you here?"
absolutely a perfect example of journalistic malpractice and bias in full view. shameful!
way too early
i ain't even eat yet
i already know what school you go to boy
what foo i dropped out for cod wym
might want to clean your lens.
how can i do that?
our cockatoo flew away,whole day we were searchin him,he was wit us for 14 yrs,.. ...
so sorry to hear about your pet. i hope you find him. they sometimes come back.
you know the clenched feeling you get when you eyes get watery when you're about to cry, yeah.
ah no, please don't cry. lol
thank you. we just wanted to make sure. we'll to reach out to the driver again. can you dm us the phone number on your account?
dm'ed you all the information!
maybe...... knows what the answer is!!! (because we saw you on the material guidelines)
they are concepts in illlustrator, sometimes we make them in to real/fake apps to demo.
had a good day wandering around akihabara. didn't buy any electronics but did catch three pokmon.
you're /back/ in japan?!
did you see that a $3 million donation to clintin foundations and you get ambassadorship to england? pay to play fraud
how do you know he paid to get it? the uber rich all contribute, same for the right to different groups. ur just assuming.
looks like my has decided to take an extended stay in korea.
i gave up on sunday waited till 12:01 for the apple stock to refresh and reserved one
and the media will continue to carry trump's water and hammer clinton...
: agreed. anybody who thinks the media is being fair to hillary at this point is way off-base.
but they should care what you think? we don't get anywhere like this
who should care?
trump ohio chairwoman says there was no racism before obama
more stunning -- if not willful -- ignorance from trump supporters.
are you deadass right now bro?
no r yu guys dead ass rn ? stealing my shit bro?
remember how i did a lot of shopping last weekend for my new apartment. i received a box of broken dishes via ups.
now, i want to return them and i have the return label, however, they are going to refund me. i don't want a refund i want the same deal...
but msm has her up as high as 6 in some of their lying polls
that's so dumb bec she's suffers from a lack of enthusiasm,if ppl think she's far ahead they're even less incentivized to vote.
the tragedy is that whoever comes after him will probably be even worse.
and rich. don't forget how much money is sent to the from the us, un, and eu.
usually a can of air or dust cleaner would help.
i just squirt it in there?
but they should care what you think? we don't get anywhere like this
how exactly do you make someone care about your humanity?
now, i want to return them and i have the return label, however, they are going to refund me. i don't want a refund i want the same deal...
..i want the same dishes, the same design and everything except not broken. please help.
the silence of the "2nd amendment people" on 's "stop and frisk" proposals speaks volumes, doesn't it?
especially considering its unconstitutional &amp; fact is nyc crime is down since the practice was stopped.
i have to wonder... does this guy know he's being mocked? is he shamed? does he know how wrong he is now?
no. he is serious.
lmfao i'm not that bougie!
kidding just being funny lol
but they should care what you think? we don't get anywhere like this
we don't get anywhere discussing your humanity with your oppressor in my opinion but to each his or her own.
morning! lol &amp; it's imjujuth0o
it's now showing smh add mine; infamous_stylez
when your friends reduce you just your clumsy side
the typo in this hurts me
countdown to product studio sprint number one. 24 hours to build a prototype starting 4pm today....
check out my team's progress live here:
hold on a second.
i was in the middle of playing witcher 3....
he's playing for 150 i acc the cancel so we can play for more but he's a lil chica
tbh if i didn't take some benadryls earlier i would rechall lol
"schools are closing down, we don't have a police chief and they're talking about grocery taxes." join us!...
misleading! this is soda tax! ads paid by big sugary drinks company!
don't cry boo . it's just a perfect delusion!!!
this was really intelligent i bet you have a lot of friends and never contemplated suicide
this is not a good tweet.
it's also not a good beer; what did you expect?
i knew once you lost the argument you would throw out a personal insult... predictable hillary supporter.
there's no argument here and don't be passive aggressive, it's pathetic.
but the rise of trump is about "economic anxiety"
lmfao! rt : but the rise of trump is about "economic anxiety"
they would not do a black town hall with all white guys..i know u are bs us.....right
because of charlotte its on tonight. thursday. 99% white audience.
thursday workout done! increasing the intensity! 35mins hiit treadmill training and 30mins lifting weights(chest&amp;triceps)
heading to spin class round 1 then work/workout tonight have a great day
as an ex-muslim what the spoke of was truth. they warned this wil happen. no1 paid attention. now you blame them?
they only spread their hate towards other muslims. now they act surprised everyone else thinks same
ten days in..i'm so unbelievably thankful.
along the shores of the beautiful west coast
ah no, please don't cry. lol
lol nah i'm good, it spoke volumes
what has been the greatest achievement in world football over the past 20 years? (877) 629-4614
the doj dismantling of fifa. hands down!!
if you're gonna' do an outreach event to black voters, obviously you want sean hannity to host.
__and my african american fans ______________if elected i promise a stop and frisk in every pot!
i was thinking of starting a petition
i'd sign that!!!!
all that's left now is this cough but i have medicine ()
good morning princess. glad you're feeling better. i have the same kind of cough. i am sure you will be fine
completely agree with . i've kept a spare pair in the original case in my laptop bag for years.
i bet these fit in that case. most people just tossed the plastic and they needed a spot for the dongle.
my 4th grader reports kids in his class chant 'build the wall' at their hispanic science ta. win or lose trump's america is toxic.
this is the saddest thing i have yet heard in this election
happy everyone! joining greg, &amp; for from 7-10am! hope to see you then
looking pretty in blue this morning!
but surely the source of their discrimination is the fact they are men - but don't conform to expectations
how is that argument subtle? the idea that strangers think all tw pass as female is magical thinking
whoohoo censorship! free-speech advocate and well-known conservative suspended on twitter
i retweeted something from instapundit, and my account was locked~asked me to change my password~now am back on~~~
1st thought of the day: if i was inciarte's neighbor, i would have broken all the windows in his house last night.
working at a desk with a tv tuned into news all day means i've inadvertently seen the replay 25 times today. it's not even 9am.
bradleyyyy what was your fave part of japan my dudeee
the shrine in harajuku was awesome
suny poly's alain kaloyeros, cuomo confidante percoco, 6 others charged in bharara criminal complaint:
from the complaint, crimes allegedly took place from 2012 to 2016; others 2013 to 2015:
sigh. that's why, as i said several times, police violence isn't about color. issue of regulating the law-enforcing...
sigh ! what about regulating criminals. where would we be without cops ?? everybody in their house with shotguns?
tbh the fame monster is one of a handful of albums that i remember exactly where i was the first time i heard it. iconic.
i've worked at buzzfeed for 8 years and easily the best time was when gaga was on top in 2010. she was unpredictable and truly exciting then
you're gonna tell us how to fix this right??? without like, being healthier from the inside consistently?
drinking water is dumb! topical hydration! topicalllll *famous last words*
i'm live streaming from a stream at gidleigh park hotel! tweet the duck's colour for big prizes!
the duck you're pointing at is green with an orange beak.
if i ran the nas immigration panel, i'd have invited borjas coauthors but not borjas to participate. grogger or hanson much better choices
should study why cubans are so anti-immigrant despite being immigrants themselves
no one knows star trek better than rick&amp; he is absolutely right. star trek is about a better future which won't hap...
in our current timeline the eugenics war is long overdue.
pretty disappointed apple ditched the plastic earpod case now that theirs are by necessity my emergency pair
i thought that at first but did anyone really wrap their earbuds back into that case on a regular basis?
climbs it's way back to the no1 position this week. this feels like home. thank you guys for all the love you have showered. :))
congrats team all credit goes to gallons of tears frm , twists of lg, diligence &amp; loyalty of viewers!!
...in illustrator!!! (maybe because it's easier to manage colours?) i see! i thought it was all done with code. :p
it's easier and quicker to express it in mocks than code. never under estimate copy and paste.
sorry to see you didn't receive your item. if there is no response from the seller you can ask us to step in after 3 days ^i
already did. just got shuffled thru ur automated system. you took my money but when i needed help i just got automated responses.
i remember when $1m on $4m was a series a.
especially in anywhere other than the bay area!
details on a new canvas drawing i'm doing.
hi joe - i bought alot of your work before - please tell me where i can see your new stuff.
i don't even go early!
it was a different spot it wasn't ur job lmfao que lio!
good afternoon all
&amp; happiness to you all! have a lovely day ahead!
. thank you for joining us, lauren!
it was a dream.
i am part of now! i'm the the new managing editor. whoaaaaa this is sick!!
"the the" = good thing i'm not the new copy editor
thursday workout done! increasing the intensity! 35mins hiit treadmill training and 30mins lifting weights(chest&amp;triceps)
your more pump and gettng pump form this cruise
. i hope you will also issue an official corrigendum, with our lunch's transcript, or i feel a big popgen twitter fight brewing ;)
you shouldn't make such demands unless you know the literature in this area. there's a pattern here :-)
i don't even go early!
i wanted to be around girls and there wasn't none so i dip lmfao
furthermore how much more explainin would u like us 2 do we've only been explainin for hundreds of yrs yet here we r
yeah i really don't understand that strategy at all
today is ! free maintenance &amp; sustainable travel advice at green, 8am-11am &amp; 3pm-6pm.
did you close the roads? any roads? is the picture in your poster an accurate reflection of what actually happened?
i will bring my own drink just to do the listening. interesting topic.
you must be possessing a fine mind to pick interest in such abstract economic/historical debates
or maybe he is... lol
that police car is going to be stinky
nate, don't let the wind knock you over.
i won't (nice play on words)
u threatened to smash bottle over my head. u really can't figure it out
you threaten me with a baby bottle.. why would i take a baby bottle from you. you could poison me.
happy lunch mga loves watching again timy while on break -jhen
relax relax pag my time si hubby james
mary berry, world hero
maybe they'll replace her with marcela valladolid
first dayyy
girl ur complexion is unbeatable
isis believed to have attacked us base in iraq with chemical agent
disgusting!! time for bo to draw another "red line"
both of you have brought great shame to vice sports
maybe if we had our fearless leader there to support us...
oh right it's shooting cops.
told you there were other plans. but riots and shooting cops more recruitment tactics at the moment.
yeah! that shrine is really cool, went on my first date with julie there...and the fetish shop in harajuku
i'm so mad i didn't go to that. i did go to two sex shops in akihabara though.
i've worked at buzzfeed for 8 years and easily the best time was when gaga was on top in 2010. she was unpredictable and truly exciting then
that said, i'm rooting for you gaga (we're all rooting for you) etc.
i wasn't alive for games at kezar, but i lived across the park from it when i lived in sf
i lived on lincoln way. used to rent out my driveway to folks going to kezar. afterwards lived potrero for 27 years,
the titleforsection: method is from us (renamed in 5.5.4), the finished one must be from some other code. (but can look again)
thanks! i tried to appeal for this release. let's see what happens.
i experienced anti-semitism online for awhile. definitely seen it more since trump. but never offline.
i think perhaps you need to condition on your two last names. they give different (((signals)))
(4) u can agree or disagree and that is fine but please respect their rights &amp; opinions as well.
thanks coach 4 your courage in supporting the need 4 social change &amp; good luck in ur new journey. you are already a champ.
strikers owners tell nasl they will no longer fund operation
this is sad. i hope tim robbie does come back and re connects the team to the fan base.
i know huh. msm says in the general election she will still win.. they continue to lie for the hag
yeah, big surprise. she's nutjob..i saw a video of her on a local orlando tv station screaming her head off about trump's record
both sides are ready for war whole bh jan is praising baghat sing.. i knw he was brave bt its wrong time
nation has posted other 5th columnist style articles recently
thursday workout done! increasing the intensity! 35mins hiit treadmill training and 30mins lifting weights(chest&amp;triceps)
help me work on my body some im not out of shape but i need, some one to get my body going at the gym
celebrities read mean tweets
one of my favorite bits
we shouldn't have to but it seems a horrible approach to talk about why "they" hate us , just amongst us
why is that horrible?
i've actually been surprised by how stupid this trump supporter is. i didn't know that could still happen. she's in...
"racism didn't used to be a thing but black people weren't raised right" wow way to self examine your own words.
houston, dc, nyc, new orleans then home. umpteenth visit but my first time ever on the eastern seaboard.
when will you be in ny?
&lt;3 you're the best, steph
special person!
is it really showing that we unsubbed?
yea, it's probably some glitch
we shouldn't have to but it seems a horrible approach to talk about why "they" hate us , just amongst us
what exactly are you looking to achieve by including them?
steve kerr: everyone should be "disgusted" with the killings of african-americans.
everyone should be disgusted with the killing of people
"we don't even have those rules over in afghanistan and we're at war." this man's in the military and has some que...
thank you sir!
nope i believe a trans individual presenting as a woman is a woman hence this whole furore
also, what is "this whole furore" of which you speak? what do you think "the whole furore" is? i don't think you know.
in what way is this funny
fr people are fucking assholes yo
thanks for the memories, catch.
those fans are loving it...
link: jeff sessions on bushes' trump snub: they've forgotten who elected them.
it's easier to forget then to swallow your pride!
hi my name is robo and i'm addicted to destiny..... i'm tired but all i can think about is getting my light level u...
i'll pray for you bro. knew you wasn't really about that 2k life.
ok well then know that your fatigue of explaining doesn't solve unjust murders
i'm not fatigued i have no desire to discuss it that's a difference
riri by young thug is the best song ever ever ever ever
you like that over wyclef jean (the song, not the feature)
u threatened to smash bottle over my head. u really can't figure it out
wait that's it.. couple of insults.. then you move on? gosh i thought we had something real
it really doesn't feel like my birthday, but it is. it's weird lol.
i don't really know you but happy birthday beautiful
after 13 years and a handful tours my mom has finally decided to stop calling my relationship with music a hobby... lol she's stubborn....
that's love, though.
biggest frustration with police is u never hear of need for updated and more non-lethal methods resultant from self-reflection.p
i'm going to take a wild guess that tazers were forced on them by civilian leadership. and they said it would endanger them
as leporacy blighted, us '00'04'12'13'15 stillness byglobally important climate qi-gong(monticello for meeho)06420 strike.
the day i found these numbers on my android, the truth became clear. it would take a while for this to set in. logically i say eho.
all racism is , is ignorance. if you're tired or trying to teach someone, don't be mad when they don't learn
i'm never tired of talking to black people and you think white people are waiting for us to lead them from racism?
whoa learning a lot now
all is not as serene as it seems in the big white tent
you're like a black al bundy with that hairline. your barber should be stoned.
fam you over here looking like a busted condom
something about this brought me back to freshmen move-in day
some confused soccer loyalties in that photo
coffee stop before the conference, same place i spent many of my undergrad and graduate mornings
bring an extra coffee! conference is going to be a full day!
because all we're doing is perpetuating the wrong. we are all in agreement, what do we need to say to each other
how are you perpetuating the wrong by nation building with the people most affected?
happy to celebrate 25 years of armenian independence with anca and ambassador hovhannissian.
and . still haven't heard from you or your exc staff. .
i'm following you because you're a mets fan, you live in long island, love matz and btw, you share my daughter's name
, well thank you! yes i'm a huge matz fan, and mets fan. i'm hoping the mets get the wild card this year. fingers crossed.
you lying....keep playing for a bean
yo entertain me and play that $1 up and take that fags bean
the weeknd's new song is okay. definitely good but nothing outstanding.
honestly the only shocking thing about it is his haircut.
fucking love it. my other fav from jeffery.
young thug is a superstar
the smithsonian is truly an american jewel: 19 museums, galleries and the national zoo. some think it's just one museum. most free to visit
one of the great pleasures of visiting dc.
my last tweet was for you.
we need to convert you to a hockey fan, sias
because all we're doing is perpetuating the wrong. we are all in agreement, what do we need to say to each other
where do you live? what community?
do u think cops hunt down and murder black people?
no i don't, i do think cops &amp; black people have been thrown away by government. not addressing the problem for both sides
so david what are we to do? bernie is out and johnson &amp; stein don't have a chance.
you know in your heart that there is 1 &amp; only 1 thing to do: pack up your money, put up your tent, mcguinn!
just watched the clip of you on cnn. wonderful. loved when you called out the personal attack right out of trump's playbook.
thanks dana, much appreciated!
i hate fall bc im single and salty
um...lol...is there something u want to tell me?
honestly the only shocking thing about it is his haircut.
which i'm okay with because now i don't have to listen to my parents ask "who is that? what's on his head?" every time he's on tv.
when important investigative reporting must compete with brangelina via
...it loses. daily. give the people what they want di. ; /
me: studies my ass off for a test *takes test* me: there is no way in hell i passed that test
hopefully i'm wrong
you might make it if it goes express
lmao. i got to work 15 minutes late.
it's 383*
i hope ur joking
"just starting"? 2 months out? and sure, if by "plummeting," you mean "gained 5 points in the last week."
yes, they're just starting because progressives are leaving the dems as never before; they eant a real progressive party.
the charlotte protests, peaceful and violent, in photos
this looks like you bro
fam you over here looking like a busted condom
. i loved you in billions, you into bondage in real life or nah?
dwarven tackle hug to my fav tolkien news feed peeps
*head butt* and happy hobbit day!
this is the lousiest way to "live it up" i have ever seen
doesn't make sense. unless there is a stack of benjamins in the box.
a collective realization, one we've known for years, that this is wrong. color doesn't define us or them
lol how about you follow your intuition and do that i will be over here in the community with the people affected
it's a bug in the jailbreak delete some stuff like ifile.
thanks for the update to happy chick,and you're right,deleting filza worked.but i was able to install ifile
it's no longer social and if you bystand you are part of the silence. i know it sucks.
it's certainly still social. it is influencing the various social systems that play a role in the inequalities
thank youuuu! see ya next week
hell yeahhh!
hapas are so beautiful what the actual fuck
they will ruin your life. 10/10 will not recommend
do u think cops hunt down black people and murder them?
do you think someone should die for traffic stop, or being arrested, or car breaking down? when is it okay to kill blacks.
"just starting"? 2 months out? and sure, if by "plummeting," you mean "gained 5 points in the last week."
and hillary hasn't gained 5% in the polls in the last week. the fact you can't provide a substatnial poll saying so proves it
thanks for the rt brother
thanks for speaking out!
we can still add her to our records - and pass info on to
sure, it will be a pleasure!
two guys are loudly comparing cable plans on the subway and talking up the benefits of verizon fios and i assume it's native advertising now
i think you've stumbled upon a new ad format.
a collective realization, one we've known for years, that this is wrong. color doesn't define us or them
over there trying to come up with solutions no desire to help white people play nice you do what you think is right though
i am rooting for this.
it would be wild.
about to enjoy a taping of
woah! they let you take pictures of the studio?! nice.
when i'm in most need of support, i tend to become less vocal about it. it's becoming a serious issue
my father's passing combined with burnout at work is taking a huge toll right now and i don't feel fit to conquer it
do you ever forget to bring/wear your sunglasses and the sun feels like it's burning your cornea?
i don't own real sunglasses...i have a pair of "carvel" islander shades...but i just squint a lot
guess we are on the same side then. have a great day
good.. so we can stop at each other and respect each other. have a great day
. thx! ! still this fall : .....
i already have my tickets, , &amp; i'll be back for your talk with in november. looking forward.
house party tonight at 215 griffin st nw atlanta!!
i will be in atl for a3c let's set up a call need to get at a party
i love your view! have a great day dear !
glad you like it maria. have a fab day in italia my dear
i know it's the patriots but i can see the texans whipping the pats tonight
if and when the pats win just put belichick in the hof tomorrow morning
moving back to the 6s? or to the 7?
sticking with the 6s plus.
add tractor supply and we have the perfect day!
i wish... closest one is 30 miles.
i should point out that our qa (as you could guess) was very supportive, too! i have heard of and can think of others who wouldn't be
good qas should be the first ones to push for cd, test earlier
my new sneakers arrived today. i loves them
those look fly!
new seasons mean new beginnings. so please b sure to release all your useless baggage + always look forward, never backwards
leave all those useless connections, shady people + especially the delusional exactly where they belong - the trash.
hope they have some in stock
going back to my 6s plus!!
trump country chair: ""i don't think there was any racism until obama got elected."
oh yeah, "separate but equal" huh?
wells fargo ceo john stumpf offers a clinic in how to weasel out of real accountability
_____nothing like cluster-fucking ___________________________your own customers to give you carpel tunnel
tmz: brad pitt 'investigated for child abuse'...
his acting in world war z abused me.
when we leave people out or write them off, we not only shortchange them and their dreams, we shortchange our country and our future.
sounds like you are finally getting it-thank you dems for 8 long yrs of leaving us out.the middle class.
ohhh what episode??!
its in season 11!!! episode 9 i think??
i have no one to play with my booty
shake it honey.
haha *gets it* did you burn thru all your ear plugs?
luckily i have windows that close
dark sky app is good and the new desktop site they made is great. better way forward for them in the long run.
yeah it is a great app, they just decided to take away the free offering. so it's pay up or leave. fair enough, but annoying.
i also feel the nature of sales/crm processes may limit ml ability to be more about insights than automation (unlike in marketing)
disagree on sales. lots of tasks are repeated bt humans.. the funnel should 100% automated until the very bottom
u say don't talk to your oppressor but you and i both know hella white people that don't oppress anyone
brother i'm not interested in your inquiry at all have a good one though and follow your heart
how is that argument subtle? the idea that strangers think all tw pass as female is magical thinking
what you think of as subtle is being completely literal.
oh i agree, winter is my least favorite! lol!
did you get the email about getting into the panels ?
ah, and because i didn't post it on twitter: :d
awwww, a pleasure to meet you!
at least we can hate on the pats together
who doesn't hate them
drop in and visit ! you'll be glad you did!
thank you! now can you get everyone to vote for suki in the butterfly awards? trying to bring awareness about
and i'm all for nation building you made a great point on but in regards to unlawful elimination of our ppl
i never been on that show
pls call your local lost &amp; found office for updates or check the status online in case of interim 1/3
thank you for quick reply. i will follow up as suggested. i've lost my luggage tracking number. is there a way to look up by name
i've worked at buzzfeed for 8 years and easily the best time was when gaga was on top in 2010. she was unpredictable and truly exciting then
in those 8 years there hasn't been hype for a music video quite like the hype for telephone. a time.
i hate professors that are literally going out of their way to make life hard. bitch, i dont have money for a hard-copy edition of this book
just accept my e-copy. tf. its the same damn content
asked tolley which dept is working on child poverty. i was told 'i'm living under a rock' and all govt is working on it. i missed the memo.
supplementary question: if the whole govt are working on it, why are they so bad at it?
stay tuned.
so happy about the ergosoft 36! patiently waiting for them to arrive at !
when the deli runs out of avocado
when the guac costs extra
what always amazes me, is the support the red states give republicans, when they depend on the programs the gop want to cut.
they're ok w tax cuts for corps that the gop wants to offset w cuts to ss medicare, food &amp; healthcare for those lazy poor people.
god bless you!
"therefore you now have sorrow; but i will see u again+your heart will rejoice,+your joy no one will take from you. john 16:22
2016 is a fucking joke - i discovered my patronus is a vole on . find yours:
couldn't 'like' this harder if i tried.
map shows where s pt forms alliances with pmdb - the party they call 'coup-mongers' - in local elections v...
lets not forget the deal she and her lawyers and probably lula cooked up to keep political rights after impeachment.
"customers have only one need: to make progress within the systems they belong to." -
reading the book? ;) i've made numerous changes. if you want, i can send you an updated copy. lmk
he loves this shit. why do ppl perpetuate it if they hate him.
everybody needs a villain
why though?
the sound issue is a deal breaker for me. it was affecting video recordings, you can clearly hear it.
has completely left me hanging. my order is two weeks late with no urgency to correct. nps score = 0
we're so sorry to hear this. can you dm with more details? we'll have a cs team member look into this for you asap.
idek they was sold out online.
i want the nude pair
the reach is real
ballet is the hill people want kendall jenner to die on?... okay...
i haven't seen the original magnificent seven in probably five or six years, and i've never seen westworld. might have to watch both soon.
both of them kick ass
to clarify, i'm certainly not excited about fall, but i have an endearing love for this dancing pumpkin man.
that dancing pumpkin guy is my patronus. because i love fall!
the saudis call in a constellation of washington lobbyists to fight 9/11 families
. are these your dad's lobbyists?
this made me happy the ramones aren't still a band
fuckin jokes, who needs em
north carolina is an open carry state, so this makes no sense.
ne means it only for "the blacks".
maybe i'm lucky with mine i can't hear anything
yeah you probably got a good one! i just don't want to go through the whole trying to prove my issue with applecare
and for all you dating white folks, make sure they stand with you and are appalled at what happening
hopefully you made that assessment b4 u started dating.
climbs it's way back to the no1 position this week. this feels like home. thank you guys for all the love you have showered. :))
congrats team all credit goes to gallons of tears frm , twists of lg, diligence &amp; loyalty of viewers!!
! want to attend a free town hall event with me on september 24? learn more and reserve a spot here:
can you do one on long island, ny and let me know before all seats are gone? i know wishful thinking. but, we love you.
lol what? so you're gonna end racism by talking to only black people?
you not going to end racism it's been going strong for 400 plus years but you can nation build and empower your own!
that's pretty ambitious.
if the offense can match what the defense has been doing , i don't see why not.
lol what? so you're gonna end racism by talking to only black people?
that's your goal? to end racism and white supremacy by enlightening white people? good luck
entire indiana fever protests anthem.
its silly to have the nat.anthem with every game no matter what sport- it should be for finals and special occasions
as 2nd place?
i don't think there's a closer second in the league, imo. i could be bias tho
what happened?
the noise issue is a deal breaker for me. it's effecting video quality i can clearly hear it.
are clearly having issues deciding what colour are... can someone help them? ...
how is it you have nothing better to do with your life than this?! utterly retarded.
again thank you for posting that picture!! let's continue to guide our people especially our youth!!
thank you for your words and thoughts this morning
ios 10 text-emoji replacement is street smart!
i used to love gboard for emoji search. now ios 10 can handle it i've ditched it.
link: jeff sessions on bushes' trump snub: they've forgotten who elected them.
they lost their loyalty to the country over a snub for baby boy jeb's candidateship. gswb wouldnt consciously do it.
if i had those i would rock them even at night
sunglasses at night...from that canadian guy corey hart..holy 80s
with 47 days to go, trump needs outside forces to win via
hillary is doing her best to help him
los angeles! a second show has been added on march 8th. presale tomorrow at 10am. details:
you guys going to aleast raffle off a tickets if not the easiest way to get front row seats is with my mom and her wheelchair.
i'm with you on nation building but being strong in who you are as a people still not gonna prevent a racist cop from shootin
if your nation is together and don't tolerate that it will
is anyone using instagram stories?
i wish they would just go back to snapchat.
that is the real goal of democrats. starting with obama and the rest of them, they never use the opportunity to calm things down.
they are quick to jump on the opportunity to dump fuel to the fire
but your class wasn't even cancelled
you love when i make you look stupid huh
when i'm in most need of support, i tend to become less vocal about it. it's becoming a serious issue
i expect to not get the answers and support i'm looking for, and i'm trying to accept that.
i'm with you on nation building but being strong in who you are as a people still not gonna prevent a racist cop from shootin
certainly trying to talk to racist cop that is supported by a racist system won't do anything
i've tried putting the new lightning earpods in the old case, and they don't *really* fit. the lightning connector is huge by comparison.
once i learned how to properly wrap them i never used the case ... but i can see the point...
your tweet means the world to me!! remember, we don't have to be on the same page, just reading the same good book...
--- straight up!
the folly of a protest vote is more bs from clinton hacks shaming people instead of telling them why they should vote for her.
they play the hand they selected. if they they can talk about their candidate &amp; actually win.
that's fine
this is not fine. but ok.
rip to me. i'm up at almost 2 am and i have a class in almost 6 hours.
i wasn't late to class and i woke up at 8:50
i'm not saying that's the answer i'm saying it must be part of the equation.
and i disagree and i wish you luck on that endeavor
... the online publication will be centered around black culture, politics, art, etc. and its tentative title is "auburn avenue"
word. is there a website where i can find more info?
had a change of heart w/ ... calls him the most influential artist of the past 10 years...
happy to see ye and cudi come to terms. new music together pleaaaaaaaaaase
black al bundy so desperate he's taking a filter painting trying to match it with a jew. my hair is cleaner than yo...
. before and after the he embraced his racism.
hello! brilliant, beautiful and fly!the doctor is in the house! while most of us already know...
so well deserved! i am so happy for this tireless champion of black art!
could be? lol
perhaps but nobody's saying a different opinion.
pre-market movers $htch $wcic $avxl $nvax $mgt $galt $fate $rht $arc $ttoo $bspm
$avxl very good news release.
too much lefty/righty bs! kelly johnson switched out, gets no at bats because they brought in a lefty? please!
he has no feel
i can post stickers in my imessages, but i still can't edit my tweets for spelling mistakes.
i can post stickers in my imessages, but i still can't edit my imessages for spelling mistakes.
@ all my theater people; if you had to choose, which one would you see?
. always both
aren't there rules against ripping up a just repaved street? charlton was nice for a few weeks, at least.
wait, when was this halcyon time where there were rules about street construction? i haven't lived that long
when i'm in most need of support, i tend to become less vocal about it. it's becoming a serious issue
so please bear with me if you feel it's worth the time to do so.
why is this even an issue: ...
post a sign re penalty4 voter fraud.
it's frustrating when people, specially people of privilege, comment on what "professional" behavior and attire is to them.
i'm a professional because i do my job and i do it well. period.
welp thought i was gunna get lucky reserving yeezys online, what a fail
lmaoooooooo hija if it were only that simple
fact the obama administration's additional concessions to will fund more terrorism against the west.
. please sign on the dotted line.
everyone is sucking hockey's dick for this ot video. uhhh you guys realize hockey is like this about 0.5% of the ti...
the entire game wasn't too bad either
yeah tends to happen when you're black
i had just about enough of this shit man
you cant believe. they're not racist because we stand for it, they're racist cuz they're retarded!!!
that's not what i said, how about i don't care about why they are ignorant i'm not seeking their validation or understanding
ah ok, i thought it was doing something to make you hatch better pokemon :)
grats on your cool pokemon!!!
quiz: are you a better fit for a hillary clinton or a donald trump administration?
pic.twitter.com/7my8ulkaof
runners 09/22: $nvax $galt $mstx $htch $mnga. follow me i have everyday watchlist and good plays during the day for you!
$avxl up 16.5% news
30 second pre-roll video ad that can't be dismissed before reading a page in a listicle article. mobile media is of...
ad blocking solves this
i bet paul looking like an ecstasy dealing club owner from ibiza had something to do with it
you know he already had an affair when they tried an american version of gbbo
hillary refuses to take neurocognitive test hmm wonder why? via
why, jaime? she opened that pickle jar. see she doesn't need a test.
one thing i hate is corny niggas
like go be a corn somewhere else
there are so many factors in the depleting housing stock. it's naive to think it's airbnb's fault. i will def be watching ny! thx!
airbnb is a tiny fleck of dust compared to what china's insatiable demand for overseas property will do to toronto's house prices
escondido, ca, join me friday, sept. 30th for a night of . get tix here:
if i had wings i would fly there. you was my childhood memory
real men take their word at the utmost importance. don't make a bet you can't pay.
oh i know he will 100% do it. i obviously didn't get a say in the bet, therefore am not excited about it.
all of the jealousy
we will have to skype you in or something... or magical portal?
yeah, but can a law *force an individual to divulge personal/privacy law-protected information?
license to drive? give us your birth certificate and social security number
did you make those just for this tweet haha
haha. yeah.
today's the perfect day to step up and let know you've got her back. wish tourette's during first debate.
second thoughts on this one. how would anyone even tell?
you cant believe. they're not racist because we stand for it, they're racist cuz they're retarded!!!
we clearly have no strategy right? it keeps happening right? it has happened throughout our history here right?
how much should one tip an uber driver over the fare for returning your phone?
i once gave a ny taxi driver $60 for returning my phone. i had bought it the day before for $600 so it was a bargain.
i second this!
i can't say it enough... come to me!!!
equally excited to join co-chairing (march 13-14 in sf) - first time for a committee to help, let us know if interested
i'm interested in helping. what needs are there?
poll: clinton leads trump ahead of first debate via
yeah right. and i'm sure the abc and nbc polls were conducted with the utmost objective sample. kirsten u dissapoint
why not just swap it out
apple has been a pain the last few years trying to prove that something is an issue.
95 new tweeps followed me in the last week. i find relevant people to follow with the feature of
good morning to you all.ever so grateful4the follow. i'm amazed and appreciative.have a great day and...
jon that woman doesn't even know what self examination is. i'm shocked she apparently managed to dress herself.
i just don't actually know how people can be so dense.
cc: looks like you have to go to work with it if they keep moving on.
he better. all for one and one for all.
so excited!
hahaha you're my favorite, monique.
ohio voters are set to play a critical role on
pic.twitter.com/7my8ulka0f
jon that woman doesn't even know what self examination is. i'm shocked she apparently managed to dress herself.
i know they are. but i just can't comprehend it.
please contact mta regarding bus schedules. and consider following for service change info.
i do follow &amp; they haven't posted a single thing about "route changes" on x12. the bus drivers told us this line was cut.
paying personal legal obligations with charity money. wow.
but absolutely nothing is surprising anymore. and his supporters don't care.
it would've dropped and would have nothing to make it rise again. she did the right thing.
you mean like a tv interview or proper promotion?
but they still gonna kill us brother. u don't care cool, parents of dead black men do care why their children died for nothin
you absolutely are misrepresenting what i said i didn't say i didn't care about us i said i don't care about them
new immigration study more evidence suggesting trump's america would be relatively smaller and poorer. (and meaner.) but business tax cuts
when u were on kudlow &amp; co i thought you were a smart, fair guy. you've really gone to pot. hope they're paying you well
never doubt a good quote.
never quote a doubtful one
let me know what you want to see next week. maybe a panty parade of all the different panties i have. or toes or putting on hose
boots, boots and more boots!!!
his plan is to get the stuff that washes right out and take it out before work
as an avid hair dyer, i'm not aware of this "stuff"... but no, he can't do that.
she was very talented girl who received some great coaching
because of you and others became a legend
but they still gonna kill us brother. u don't care cool, parents of dead black men do care why their children died for nothin
you don't have to lecture me i actually represent the families of those killed by police
a trump campaign chair in ohio says there was 'no racism' before obama
this woman grew up prior 2 civil rights acts of 1960s &amp; school desegregation. jim crow ruled &amp; yet she claims there was no racism?
i really like your card designs in kick. keep them up
hey, thank you! i really appreciate you taking the time to tell me that
creampie hours
isn't this an all day thing ?
trains cancelled due to breaches between sattenapalli-piduguralla stations
travelling in narayanadri from nellore to secbad is it running or cancelled..
(2/2) that leaves folks wanting leftward shift cold to both clinton, trump. clinton's gone full 'competent continuity', so...
one of the best arguments i heard came from a us senator: if the top of the ticket leaves you cold, find a down ticket you like.
heya! loved your video, couldn't find transcript, wrote my own - if helpful, please reuse freely :)
thank you so much - and great post on 's great contribution to the film!
rubber woman
we might hear that soon
idk how people spend 3 hours on a train everyday. 3 days of this is too much
11 years... about 3 hours a day total commute.
rock candy pops, butter mints, frosting covered marshmallows, and cake pops.
i def sent this yesterday lmao. no clue why it just sent now.
"your a moran" they said, totally owning me on the internet.
fuck, man. that's harsh. do you need a hug or a safe place? anything we can help you with?
that's a wack mentality. all problems can be solved whether long winded or short.
no what's wack is you thinking talking to white people about something we go through will change the narrative
giant bottles of warm beer if my memory serves.
and you were there for a moment too!
picking this today! enter while you can, check rts for extra entries! i'll be picking based off activity. rting our...
omg babe pleeease i've been following for a while i'd be so happy
this is why the dollar should go higher over time - $ borrowings are too expensive with $ rising and libor rising.
agreed, still feel $ heads lower first. don't think $ bottoms till fed capitulates and swears off rate hikes.
thank you
no way, alan, thank you. you're a tour de force in social &amp; the patient voice. important work. :-)
that's a wack mentality. all problems can be solved whether long winded or short.
you have no idea what some of us are doing in the community to change the narrative and your strategy is not ours be cool with that
good morning to you all.ever so grateful4the follow. i'm amazed and appreciative.have a great day and...
so my youngest son has informed me he's decided to become an episcopal priest.meets the bishop next w...
silly comment. i support the candidate who the most qualified &amp; not pandering 2 racist fear
how bout you? this guy?
umm what time is that in the uk?
9am edt! so... 2pm in londontown!
i'm not opposed to you at all just wanna make that clear. just seems your solution is more, fuck then. that never helps
that's your perception you clearly are not getting my point
andrew ladd says living on li appealed to him and his family. "it gets a bad rap around the league, but guys who have been here love it."
says the person who has the worst contract in the nhl! that deal is going to smash the . what an awful contract!
hey , were the fans as friendly on the 7train after last nights theft of that game winning home run ? i'm assuming you went?
didn't go last night. heard about the play! we went to the opening gala last night!
i've seen so many thirsty people with denim jackets and bombers dying to hide their bodies
i feel the same way, but the weather is still 80
they're doing more to recruit white nationalists than anything.
that's def one goal, yeah
are you talking about me getting confused or people making that mistake?! :-d
folks mixing up who designed what. it's easy to get em mixed up.
(ft. daft punk) he's already using washed up 2000s artists
bitch fucking watch yourself
reading mike tomlin is a close second to belichick will turn any person dyslexic.
reading facts? lol
lmfao wow where do i sign up for ur class
lmaoooo ily best student
i agree but teams pay premiums for tackles. outside of qb, might be most premium position. even w/ injury, he'll pr...
sure it will be solid but he may in boat like okung/beachum where its one year and then option for big $.
i'm not opposed to you at all just wanna make that clear. just seems your solution is more, fuck then. that never helps
no my solution is more about controlling our collective narrative not making sure white folk understand why it's bad for us to die
and tell me, if it were you or your family to be indiscriminately killed as revenge, would you just deem it necessary?
totally. collateral damage is very american
editor of out doesn't understand why people might be mad the mag gave so much space to guy with deep, searing contempt for out's readers
and. dressed. him. as. a. clown.
korea has a very competitive "small packet" service. it's &lt;$2 to send and will take about 10 days to arrive.
ahhh thanks!
coughlin is the only other coach with multiple superbowls in the belichick era too lol
true. tomlin came in after a superbowl yr then won one the following yr.
and no. it's not confusing. it's making a specific point. stick with reality tv and poppers kid.
well hey at least the poppers imply that someone is willing to fuck me. have fun being an incel loser on the internet
also, tokyo police club is playing gabe's that evening. too much going on.
see...need more people and $ to go around. hard truth. too bad much of town and current city council are anti-change/growth.
last 24 hours = 11 followers and 6 unfollowers (stats by app)
thank you new followers indeed grateful. to those that have left, so long and send you all blessings...
if they do go to the super bowl, i hope it's not vs. the pats again.
every game tom has played the giants in the eli era they seem to have his number. i'd tak pats
omg i've been fighting this morning glory for years it's a pia, and you're showcasing yours
lol i love morning glories but its not causing a problem for me so..... it's only on the kennel. reminds me of my gram
looking for an amazing website developer! if you think you're the best person for the job please email us! explicitldn.com rt rt
hi, sent you an email from leads.com please check it and revert back to us with your requirements.
i'll listen eventually. not ready to handle this yet though
he's a loud-mouthed idiot who should not be listened to. ever.
can we start in texas
who didn't see this coming down the pike. it's what dictators do. some have guns &amp; some don't. i warned them.
that's fuckin awesome bro. respect to that man.
thankssss man
a dance concert just based around these two things? is that what you're saying? this is blowing my mind
yeah. carmen and her henchmen broke out of jail, traveled the world stealing shit, inspector gadget had to catch her.
my ex texted me happy birthday today. i said "thanks bro"
lmao, happy birthday though!
this guy is the biggest cuck i've ever seen. he wants to badly to feel important.
muh he's a cuck...
you don't need to imagine. look at what the democrat press said about it then. as now, democrats are not pro-libert...
and neither are the repubs...when are people gonna realize that both parties feed from the same corporate trough?.
yeah. carmen and her henchmen broke out of jail, traveled the world stealing shit, inspector gadget had to catch her.
you know basically a classical ballet.
no it's called the power of wwe tv - it's all about the tv exposure
hearing story on podcast is a emotional story you should listen sometime it's on
thank god for . if i'm given an option between john oliver and trump, give me the poison pill:
you're advocating for a total fraud over someone who's "too liberal?"
hario rolling out a v60-centric electric coffee grinder
that filter is dry this is madness
beating man begging for mercy in parking garage. credit:lenard ben...
it's ok it's not like he was deprived of free markets &amp; open borders or anything
tryna hit the mall and just go brazy. blow all my money on nonsense
buy me something nice while you're at it
and a breeders cup race if he hadn't jumped the shadow, chinned by....cue drum roll safely kept
caused by the notorious fall shadows at belmont park.
lol you just gotta let them get it out
i listened for 3 minutes... got the jist n then just rested the phone down lol
of course they do
this goes to show that rock star prince was wise when he once said: "fantasies are thrilling; but reality is an ass kicker."
i know those shops!!! they're really great, hit them up a bunch~ good cosplay outfits for sexy timez
yeah there was some cool stuff in there
how out of your way did you go to send me this pointless reminder since it wasn't in response to any of my tweets?
i'm saying. what a tool.
nate did you have a nick name in the nfl
recepticon!
oh, how i mean for the game pass app on ipad
yeah - the nfl mobile version...... does not cut it.
so if the cop doesn't understand why it's bad for you to die, what's stopping him from killing you?
you actually think these cops don't know?!
such a handsome boy!
beautiful people need to make it doggy style
all up in that via
cliff notes for the news
trump: i said obama was born in us so i could "get on with the campaign"
his fingers are always crossed.
limited by 12 gb/s sas, yes? still, a very nice option in 2.5 form factor.
yeah, i've benched the disk up to s630 ~950 mb/s write, really nice drive.
the more people point to the stupidity &amp; nastiness of trump &amp; his supporters the more i worry that he is going to win
but this woman &amp; others like her have no core understanding of us history. she's dead wrong.
great episode on tax...i'm a firm believer as well that we need to look inward for our solutions
salute bro good seeing you this summer.
that's all some of us do it for....
can have millions of fans all over, but we always want love from that one.
sorry to hear that bro
thanks.. he had all sorts of health issues but he's at peace now
i should go home
don't go home till you make a deposit
there's already a modern black panthers
where i sign up
i liked the pilot, but will have to see where they go with it. if kiefer's character is a great one, i'm in.
kiefer was by far the best thing about it!
fond memories
. i loved that piece so much, so useful when we were making wicked clown love!
a boy has written a heart-warming plea to to let a young syrian refugee join his family
alex can you pls cc and these governors. bo is not the pro...
also your pic adkansj im literally scott and mitch (also ptx) trash
yessssss!!!!! omg yay another pentaholic!!!
also, tokyo police club is playing gabe's that evening. too much going on.
ic needs more people and $ to go around. hard truth. city should embrace urbanity, growth and change. it beats the alternative.
teaser for 9/16, &amp; discuss uses for &amp; more
dawww so very adorable and i so enjoyed last night toos!! heehee!!
you have the rest of your life to talk about what went wrong, but you got tomorrow to change it.
love the quote flan!!!!!
i've heard plenty of stories of that man, multiple students apparently lol
yeah! i heard that too, so wild
early start for next year
wtf. no one still knows what this event is because it was arbitrarily imported from the uk with no awareness campaign at all.
no it's called the power of wwe tv - it's all about the tv exposure
it also didn't hurt that she was unbelievably talented in the ring
don't know how it ended up in my garden but it's taken over my beautiful rose bushes
i'd be upset if it did that but it's not planted near anything else. probably birds dropped the seeds
your teacher is 43, seems you were among his first pupils, no?
yeah he was pretty young at the time.
no the little swayed bubble it comes with the iphone i forget the official name for it
the assistive touch. i use that but i can't press lock and home screen together to screenshot
and with psc, pp, dem... click yourself through that globo infograph. amazing visualisation of realpolitik/hypocrisy
when are politics not hypocritical? today nyt reported that obama gov is deporting haitians. what? the democrats deport?
aw look at us on our cute buddy adventure
the kids didn't know the real name lol so they called it 'katya' for a while
today is the ! we're excited for sweater weather &amp; pumpkin everything. what are you looking forward...
harvest in the square tonight of course!!
oh ight gotta check it out lol
its aight, but stranger things is a must watch
me in the morning
such a gorgeous and most cuddly bear ya be!
people dug thru 15 years of activities. do you think trump typed out the check or told someone to do it
he has a history of using tax creaks, subsidies &amp; artistry to cheapen his load. if we saw his taxes we could just check.
me mini-rant: most people think of policy as proposing problems, and trump has been consistent and clear on policy.
i think there's something to this, but you're also slipping towards a place where xenophobic rage becomes "policy"
i just got an email from my 15 year old self.. woaaaa
omg this is too cute
yes, yesterday, it's really confusing but i am figuring it out, lol! still waiting for my badge to come, did you get yours yet?
not yet, so it looks like you get stamped for your panel as soon as you get there. hope we get there on time to get in.
people dug thru 15 years of activities. do you think trump typed out the check or told someone to do it
it's pretty easy to not use you're charity money to buy paintings of yourself and pay your legal fees.
agreed... but venezuela is not in my benchmark
im sure. it's a distressed asset. a hedge fund gamble mainly. big reward. not sure 22s and beyond are as risky post-maduro
a picture worth a 1000 words. no wonder there was no attempt to save men in benghazi. waiting for head to clear.
she was waiting for them to die; dead men tell no secrets!
we gush over all that was spx
thanks to , , , and (and, of course, ) for their contributions to this piece.
if kevin garnett retires, the basketball hof class in 5 years would be kobe, tim duncan and kg. rt if this is the...
so many rings and other achievements
gun to head ranks: 1) bed 2) noro 3) gasoline 4) bride 5) sink 6) at bottom 7) daisy 8) in a jar 9) you stole 10) vices 11) be gone
...still how i'd rank it.
what happened?
i'm at work so....nothing yet i was trying to watch on my phone.
here's who you, our readers, elected to protect for the upcoming expansion draft.
earnie will get out ahead of this and organize a badass trade to protect who matters.
happy birthday pal! no i've already left and back in londinium, gissa bell if you're passing thru.
when i'm back in the greatest city of the world - london i will let you know
community a political force
i don't believe her s/h fought 4 disability community while or
at least my dodgers handled business last night lol
that's true!
dear science i need a machine that teleports me from boring meetings to my bed.
meetings are useless beds rarely fail.
how's the manhattan bound f at kew gardens?
probably awful
thanks to , , , and (and, of course, ) for their contributions to this piece.
if you've never been to -- this may help push you in that direction for next year. (if not, you're dead to me.)
can someone else review my book on amazon besides this pro-slavery, pro-pederasty guy? help me out fam...
kinda hurt that i wasn't slandered in this review as well.
yes, yesterday, it's really confusing but i am figuring it out, lol! still waiting for my badge to come, did you get yours yet?
i printed out the instructions
i hope people realize that the emancipation proclamation was merely a formality that didn't do much. only the end of the civil war did.
yea.. ushered in reconstruction
"this is a student-led movement," says one student.
- more like thug led!
closest we'll get to air mag
the white one that looked like the sock dart is dope
ang &amp; brad are divorcing, i already ate my afternoon snack, and i'm 90% sure someone farted directly into my face o...
and now mary berry is leaving great british bake off.
my 1st listen was amy. first i thought "wife as guest, huh" moments later, "i love these people." still my favorite episode.
ah, man, that's awesome.
it's my birthday
happy birthday
what happened?
but thanks for the video link!
invalid source. 1. from obama admin, 2. soros backed. embassy of united arab emirates$500,000 to $999,999
lol you want so bad for trump to be speaking truth you dismiss 25 years of evidence that says otherwise
she was at 2% after the pneumonia bs last week. slightly over 6% now.
that's not 5 pts, the pneumnia issue was serioius, and shes falling in the battleground states:
less than 1 hour before tickets go on sale for kiss 98.5 vip's.
my one wish regarding yes they're back togethe...
gonna have to show me the receipts otherwise i'm pretty sure you only asked 1100 racist uncles.
right. i don't really follow but didn't his jersey sales ?
it's frustrating when people, especially people of privilege, comment on what "professional" behavior and attire is to them.
i'm a professional because i do my job and i do it well. period.
in the name of god the father, you are compelled to watch the premiere of this friday on .
i'll bet it's a head turner.
i think there's something to this, but you're also slipping towards a place where xenophobic rage becomes "policy"
but yes, if nothing else, this election has made it clear that voters care more about how you frame problems than how you respond
. served up some knuckle sandwiches after taking a pie to the face wednesday night...
he kept the where they belong for that he is a hero. i am ready to watch that stop delaying it.
canadian mint worker allegedly hid nearly $180gs worth of gold up his butt. he will stand trial because sitting would be out of the question
somebody needs to get on this right away
this is tabasco eggs
you win, for now.
cheers!
have a great first day of fall
how? lol you cant swipe anymore
3d touch, press down on it and it'll give u options to reply/delete straight from the notification
and to top it off i have a resident snake in that side of the garden, i hate snakes!
yikes. snakes don't bother me too much. spiders do.
i don't think they can do that...but correct me if i'm wrong.
security clearance? give me *all* your private information.
israeli soldier shoots unarmed palestinian girl
similar situations happen everyday in america
level 2 su here. trying to access forums for the first time, inspired by in ny. can't get in, what am i missing?
hi stephanie! try and log in with you su 2 account. let me know how it goes!
there is no way this real!? guys michelle and ian need to happen
ew no meech he's creepy.
only 136 more years until women get paid as much as men!
on the plus side, if hillary wins it means sexism is over!
left home 25 mins ago with 75% battery. now at 29% writing this tweet. wtf
my calculations estimate i can get about 3 tweets in on a full charge.
top banana, got a reminder set! and i'll take a deep breath before i look at the shipping
oh goodness, shipping. gonna try to make sure it's the lowest it can possibly be
my home made hot wings!!
buffalo was always my favorite spice girl.
silverchair - frogstomp was the first burnt copy of a cd someone made me. what was yours?
ooo i don't think i ever had a full album burned to cd (mostly mixes) but my first album to cassette was agents of oblivion s/t
mixed polling data this morning but our models saw it as better for clinton, on balance.
having seen it in action, how many things do you wish you could change about your model?
substitute that for random heels and make up... yup wow look at me i got big money lol
lmaoooo i would be shocked if you had as many heels as i had kicks honestly
she was at 2% after the pneumonia bs last week. slightly over 6% now.
and trump has cracked the electoral college lock to 270. sanders would be dominating him:
but yes, if nothing else, this election has made it clear that voters care more about how you frame problems than how you respond
...since it clearly signals that you care about the same things they do, and is a lot easier to understand than a 10-point plan.
clinton: protecting unions by importing millions upon millions of low-wage immigrant scabs
how does that protect unions exactly? they were/are against free trade and finishing wages for their workers, no?
ramifications? i honestly don't remember much other than stealing from black panther... i think
it was referred significantly in infinities and isn't that when the vibranium was destroyed
the police weren't helping, so she took the investigation on herself. now her rapists are headed to prison.
i know it's not pc but men are predatory by nature. there is nothing positive going on at 2am. just add alcohol.
to jump in, how about, xenophobic rage can often be exacerbated by current policies?
i am not jumping down that rabbit hole this morning : )
he didn't make it on bro
he coming back tho
yeah, you pick what panels you want to go to, then get the badge scanned. we will get there on time, i will make sure, lol!
i don't think we can get there before 11. taking a 9:30 train from hicksville. i'll see if my daughter can get out earlier
whenever i walk around listening to music i feel like i'm in a movie wit my own lil soundtrack lmaoo
i thought i was a fucking weirdo for this i feel u
sigh. i remember when new york had nn and rr trains
i rode the k train myself.
john kerry launches blistering attack on russia at un - cnn
we know why putin trump to win.
good morning everyone, have a great thursday! it's the 1st day of fall &amp; friday eve!!
crank it up
everyone ain't built to talk about sensitive topics. can we stop putting a mic in cam newton's face and asking that man about race?
was this before or after the panthers hired a gop strategist to help him "clarify" his statements?
i just registered to vote. how fuckin wet does that make you? now you do it. i'll watch: ...
you're registered to vote? what a
send those cute lil babs to me!!!
no oddishes here either :&lt;
i need my eyebrows done &amp; a manicure &amp; a pedicure &amp; i want my hair cut &amp; i want eyelash extensions and a wax
come to facebook: and much more!
she's fbi. i think she just did her research on the mask from the videos.
yeah, i guess, but then darlene's gonna see right through that and it'll make her even more standoffish
how does that protect unions exactly? they were/are against free trade and finishing wages for their workers, no?
*diminishing! damn auto-correct..
is franklin richards (son of reed and susan richards of the fantastic four) actually the god of the marvel universe?
he is pretty close. he should rejoin power pack!
i cant even handle this
i deleted my tweet because its almost too much, let this dude roast himself i don't even need to. goebbels?!?!?!?!?!!?!!
some exciting facebook live interviews coming to you from today! join our convo
starting at 11:45am with cco on
reading up on taiwanese food and am really looking forward to december
it's really good! ahh go get breakfast and go to a night market and get everything
dammit, am not a citizen, and the kids who are aren't old enough to vote. pull the lever twice for me?
i will recruit some sweet young thing on your behalf.
i already have you on snapchat, dummy lol
oh yeaaaaa why you don't send me :(
hi nic twitter is not my playground..., i cant make me understood with so few words, so i send my message...
i choose twitter because i don't want to read a book. i will only accept 140 character messages. otherwise go to stackoverflow.
someone dared to ride their stolen citi bike through the 62 pct. resulting in arrest.
looking for more info on stolen/abandoned citi bikes in 2016. can someone help?
it's a bop.
that's good to hear! i haven't listened to the song yet. i just know that was a caption he posted under a pic lol
a changing world: can institutions cope? a talk with . tune in tomorrow 1:15pm est ...
join later today for my "a changing world: can institutions cope?" talk 1:15pm est
that question is interesting for so many schools because even most elite schools are lucky to have a handful of great nfl qb's.
alabama came to mind first. and they do okay in the football....
look at your criminal past!! being a terrible mother!! that's criminal!
and the reunion stage is now set.
"dream teams" are a result of confirmation bias. why isn't anyone spreading new funding around younger scientists? they're withering.
chan/zuckerberg will fund 5yr investigators from any level. simple form, big ideas.
who else is coming?
not only going but is a sponsor of this great event.
now down to a ten game playoff how many wins will it take to be in wild card playoff scenarios? i will say six more-86 gets into something.
wow ... blame it on casilla
current situation
awesome show last night... you guys rock!
north korea accidentally revealed it has just 28 websites
are they nice?
pls tell me you clicked the link lmao
didn't have too lmao saw an advertisement on youtube
i trust the source of this quote and live by it.
i think you're just overlooking the fact i'm posting bad jokes
good morning twitter!
love the song !!
pls tell me you clicked the link lmao
was feening to click skip
wait, they're remaking jumanji? will everything get remade?
five words: lethal. weapon. starring. damon. wayans.
": join the global march for elephants and rhino in your sa city!
- use those student marchers for something useful!
which is much more recent than either alabama or ohio state, who must be "beyond forever."
kinda funny that alabama and ohio st. have been outproduced in terms of current quality nfl qbs by schools in own state.
your retweet &amp; are appreciated, sherie! visit us for good books, photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra at
sherie, we're grateful for the rt &amp; ! lorry's lens: new york city. lorry captures its essence. scroll
celebrate the with all the dairy-free, guilt-free pumpkin you can get.
yum! that looks amazing!
vote . if you want more of this.
vote trump for more unequal justice, prisons, executions of innocents.
that's a good idea, i'm getting there as early as possible! lol!
your husband is driving you right ? that's the best !
to race in : city to shore ride
thx for reporting on john maclean joining us for the bike ms city to shore ride! much appreciated.
god i still love this photo so much cc
somehow it never gets old! we should find those ladies now to see if they've changed their stance.
'the new windows 10 update improves performance and reliability'...
not when it automatically shuts down to do the update and you lose unsaved work in progress.
he's so clueless. can't believe he did that
prime example of needing a great support team, but no. he does have a stylist.
after the civil war, yeah. but the proclamation itself was more of a formality.
it was a war measure to "preserve the union" more than anything else
no joke i'm such trash i'm obsessed with them (also i have this biggest crush on avi ahhh)
honestly i'm like so obsessed lol and yes avi!! he's so beautiful
don't think texas has had a truly good nfl quarterback since...bobby layne?
indeed. bama, ohio st., texas, usc all trailing in own states in terms of current nfl qbs
in typical fashion, just dripping with condescension and thinly veiled close mindedness
"protest voting...[is] dumb, and childish, and self-immolating. i know you're young, but grow up!" sure won me over
if a crowd of rioters surrounded your vehicle on the street trapping you &amp; your loved ones, what would you do?...
hit the fuckin gas.
some thoughts on (i'm so happy is back in case you can't tell)
great recap!
news is up! we look at mechs vs minions, hop, the kickstarter for inheritance from and more!
thanks for the plug! minor correction: inheritance is definitely not tabletop. it's played live, walking about the space
somewhere in the white house barack obama is lighting up a cigar!
how does breaking other peoples property justify anything....
"the media" is not the news. walter cronkite was "the news". the media is mrs. kravitz, the nosy gossipy next door neighbor on "bewitched".
--- you must be referring to and her constant kardashian/jenner bullshit. or maybe just the in general.
again, that applies to *all people seeking a clearance, not to an individual and his/her information alone.
all people seeking the presidency, no?
definitely the first to look nfl ready in quite sometime
brady quinn looked nfl-ready his last two seasons. he wasn't, but he definitely looked it.
some thoughts on (i'm so happy is back in case you can't tell)
when do you think they will get married? i thought for sure he would propose to her in paris.
ooo, great ad! although it loses its impact if someone has a fake or brand as the 1st name
- exactly! would love to see how the filter works on that backend.
we are looking for a wordpress developer with minimum of 1 year expreience. if you are interested please inbox me.
we are a chennai based company with offices globally like in usa, malaysia &amp; singapore!
was it his cnn colleague lewandowski? he's not fond of reporters.
i thought he's only a bully to women?
perhaps not. trump, on the other hand, is pro-freedom and liberty.
and above everything else trump is pro trump which does not give me a warm fuzzy...
societal stability hinges on public perspectives. unfulfilled rising expectations are more socially volatile than stagnate poverty
people in poor countries getting richer are often measurably happier than those in rich countries treading water.
yeah, possible.
all i'm saying is the $ started rising because the market expected the us growth to accelerate and the fed to hike 4 times a year.
lol sometimes you can go on a few dates w someone then 8 months later w no contact at all you'll receive flowers and a card.
literally you are a catch
thugs of charlotte: white man dragged, beaten naked begging for mercy
what a disgrace! this is inhumane.
listening to this new weeknd single featuring daft punk and he sounds like he's singing off beat?... it's an alright song though.
it the single art didn't say in bold yellow letters that daft punk was on it i wouldn't be able to tell.
does anyone know of a discount code for ? going to pull the trigger on this very adult luggage purchase
thanks for the shout-out! we don't have any promo codes but check out our refer-a-friend program:
this is from london you guys. seriously, how dense are you?
uh. ok.so whitey is kicked down for being white in london.fair enough.the vid was dark,so error.point taken
i have got to stop eating before bed i know it's what's fuckin w my dreams
making that ass real round n fat tho (don't stop plz)
gang rape is the greatest fantasy for muslim males. how exactly does raping innocent women make allah great?
eho raped lara loft in egypt???
is serious? millions of immigrant families have already been fractured by obama. hrc would continue.
deported more ppl than the last 19 presidents combined.
happy birthday to my adventure buddy ! i love you!
thank you alli!! love you
*convoluted, overengineered web apps.
or under-engineered! if the css were architected with more thought perhaps it wouldn't be so tricky to refactor.
tough day at the ghost office
this is so cute and i love the animation?? it feels so smooth
that's his thing...cheating with female movie co-stars lol
apparently this is all about child abuse tho. @.@
i already got why i didn't land the dc writer's workshop, and then i saw i lost to a peabody award winner--need to up my weight class.
he probably needs it more than you
pretty sure chicago birthed the term "headass." what other city have you heard it in, like beeeen heard it in?
nah thats a fact
our ancestors drank from copper vessel ...
you forgot to add...copper toxicity.
that won't happen, i'm figuring out the times, it's gonna be a lot of walking and waiting in lines.
i'll get a train schedule and see how early she can get out. lirr to penn and taxi to javits
turns out i was wildly wrong about that guess. didn't take into account having to deal with size limits of animated stickers.
ahh. animated. good point. file size is important.
that's what i will do. revisit destiny fulfilled. leaving 2016 in the dust, for now.
this is when i first started to pay attention to kelly. when she jumped on that boy in those booty shorts i was shook
the conversion from fuck-tons to butt-loads is such a pain in the ass
i stick with the imperial system when i'm on the throne.
we're thankful for the follow, folks! good luck! visit us for good music, my books, photos, ideas at
i appreciate the retweet, friends! we have goodies! listen to my spoken word/flute "sunrise" now at
lol ok that's highly specific...an average 9-5 joe has no business wearing those
hahah ok than i can level with you. i would wear compression all the damn time if i could
"could bernie sanders take the blame for a donald trump victory?"
no. trump continuing to flat out lie &amp; be a piece of shit will take the blame.
this is from london you guys. seriously, how dense are you?
so,racist attacks are endorsed by you in london *and* elsewhere.ppl get the geography right!thats the main point
sometimes when i'm on campus i listen to death cab, all american rejects, etc., and pretend i'm in an o.c. episode, don't @ me
beat show of all time!!!!!! seth cohen is my jewish dream boy
we might have to accept that antimicrobials will be highly species specific
which could make clinical trials even slower and more expensive....
looks like you're going to need a bigger boat.
or smaller lettering for each of the exhibits! wonder if you know of a foundation that would be interested in corruption??
what on earth are you trying to articulate???
think. you can do it.
my question for hillary clinton: i'm hispanic and i'm voting for trump. am i deplorable? via
a real con-way to brainwash us, hispanic's will vote 80% for , 80% abusers
i was a big sanders fan, but how can you prove that? also:
you clearly weren't a big sanders fan or you would have been paying attention:
these stunning bmw concept cars make the future of driving look incredible
just make cars that fly already. that's what everyone really wants not these kooky designs.
popplio/entermaid's signature move could be a sound based, siren song water attack, that can either inflict confusion, sleep, or infatuation
yes love this idea!
you a grown ass man commenting on dudes dick game i g2g
i didn't comment i trashed him. what's your point?
anyway, i feel like all that work was undone last night. i mean, not all of it since i can at least process it better now, but still.
oh my gosh kayla i'm so sorry. i'm thinking of you and sending love and good thoughts.
idek what my outfit is today
i'm hoping an appropriate outfit mackenzie paige emburey
that's true. i was laughing at the people who think they're weak for not dating black women. like black women are rabid animals
they're not weak for not dating black women, they're weak for basing their dislikes on negative stereotypes
hmm it aint my best but thanks :&gt;
i just love the little detail of the stamp flipping on its way back to the ink pad
bravo trump- attack the corrupt obama/fed connection
tired of donald trump lies he go's on &amp; on about nothing same bullshit every day
i was a big sanders fan, but how can you prove that? also:
and that poll you gave me just repeated your last poll. don't be a tool..:)
tell him to give it back :(
imma make him buy half of it .... and return it
oh...i haven't heard about that yet! damn
all over the tabloids today. he got drunk and started verbally and physically abusing the kids(kid) apparently
will i ever forget that time in jersey?
shout out to you tho for making me look like an idiot as i laugh walking down the street
i remember going to your book release/signing at bierkraft, oh those must have been the days.
lo, that was many years ago. feels like a different life, you know.
have you ever just sat and watched the google header image/video
the one today for the first day of fall is too funny! lol
(did you catch that last story is from known liberal bastion business insider?)
did you catch the facts werent?
i think i might become a again bc might be just as manic as i am
but probs not bc i don't have time for home girls cultural appropriation
ta-da! another retweet &amp; ! true coolness abounds, mariana! thanks so much. visit us for goodies!
, grazie, gracias, danka, merci, spoceba &amp; thanks for the , mariana! we have music, books.
congrats winner of best new shading product in our best of awards
thank you for the recognition!
i just need my dad to make it home safe tonight. keep him in your prayers while he's at the riots.
your family and your dad are always in our prayers.
i really came back took it to ot and beat homie on a 70 yard bomb lmao. peep that 4th quarter straight lockdown def...
damn he killed you on 3rd tho but a win is a win
read my column, "the folly of the protest vote." warning: it's long...
if people don't vote for clinton, is that not her fault for failing to appeal to said voters?
is anyone using instagram stories?
i prefer it. i like less permanence and easy ability to share in the moment, without over-thinking, to friends.
biggest issue in america... hard to find parking spot around colleges...
also an issue: students coming late to class because they cannot find parking!
everyone i'm deeply happy this guy married my cousin. they are mad love and positivity in the air. congratulations...
awwww thank you alexis!!
i couldn't think of anything worse than a chem exam at 7:30 in the morning
correction: failing a chem exam at 7:30 in the morning
i mean. i met my s.o. of three years by talking about rvb :) so def a million
that is fucking adorable. i don't think you understand how happy that makes me!
it's a good day to save lives
*its a beautiful day to save lives
i don't get why people insist on ignoring police commands placing themselves in danger.
right, like hands up........ you're dead! those are great instructions for suicides!
i was shocked!
right? i saw "new tweet from matt bomer" roll up on the bottom of my phone screen and i was like "what the hell?"
what time is the game saturday and who you guys playing?
jamestown at 12
that's your right. however one sandwich might give you heartburn vs food poisoning.
nycers have long known that trump is just as awful as she is,if not worse
im just letting ya ugly nigga know im good b thanks for your con...
i saw on your snap you was good b .. i was watching don't worry
the beginning of her awakening. (she has the best verse to be completely honest)
absolutley. 'need a lifeguard and i need protection to put it on me deep in the right direction' yes kelendria!
when i'm having a bad morning starbucks always brightens the day
such a bitch
ta-da! another retweet &amp; ! true coolness abounds, mariana! thanks so much. visit us for goodies!
, grazie, gracias, danka, merci, spoceba &amp; thanks for the rt, mariana! we have music, books.
over react much?
it reminds me of the brad richards contract but richards was a star, once 90 point player. 7 years for ladd????
fed pivots back to dovish as remains the only bull market catalyst left
you're now grasping
(did you catch that last story is from known liberal bastion business insider?)
so, you were no sanders fan. every sanders fan knew of those polls showing he polled better:
major street closures anticipated ahead of presidential debate at hofstra university
odds hilary does not show up..
any tips here? i'm going for
let's talk it today here at the ford foundation!
clinton makes an unusual push: to win over disabled people and their families
it's about time someone thought about disabled people and rolled out a policy to help them. a little credit please!!!
dear boys, please update ur instagrams because it's hard to prove to my friends that ur attractive if ur most recent picture is from 2012
we gay boys don't run into that problem
why would i ever have 3 classes on fridays :-(((((
like......i'm in class from 9:00 am to 10:00 pm :-((((((((((((((((((
this! and in other news, and i will be performing a very special segment on this m...
my dvr is set! love you guys!
my dad is black my mom is white. there's no hate here we love all races.
my father na my mother white. hang in there!
there we disagree. i think it was ignited by the boj a couple of years ago and then has its own momentum.
ah yes! agreed boj played huge role. us growth and fed expectations were the momentum which should now counter swing $ lower.
entirely hypothetical. press ignored sanders for months, in favor of consistently negative clinton reporting.
bullshit. it's no more hypothetical than the polls you gave me. nice try.
was a hound and i haven't done it yet
omg!!! i know what i'm doing during lunch today
over react much?
i was told a month before it happened that it may. i responded by saying "i dont want ladd for 3 years!"
migratory patterns of an apple watch series 2: shanghai tokyo shanghai anchorage louisville oakland...
his and hers:
oh no, i didn't catch this in time! thanks though. :) well, hi paul. ever go to other type/design events?
same! i don't go to nearly enough of them, but i'll be at the party tonight
really miss my t18 4-piece set bonus.
mylune as a combat ally is a nice replace the for the balance set bonus
he didn't rape anyone. no domestic violence charge. no ped-use. didn't cheat by deflating balls. he simply kneele...
but his jerseys still selling at no. 1
i'm really excited for it, just having a hard time liking their choice of actress... =\
very much agree!
id say you've had your share
yes, on second thought.....
entirely hypothetical. press ignored sanders for months, in favor of consistently negative clinton reporting.
and the press was nasty to sanders and didn't give him near as much coverage.
in typical fashion, just dripping with condescension and thinly veiled close mindedness
ok so my tweet just got me a small alt right twitter following and that is not what i meant to do.
how 's medical status could impact fbi investigation |
rahami has warned that nuclear pressure cookers are coming to our largest black cities ???
thanks to my friends for the lesson plan idea on political party platforms.
this is awesome!
thoughts on the current state of wwe?
women's division the best it's been in years despite its champions
i think a lot of the fun was sucked out of it for me when they revealed they did cgi tests to make scarjo look asian.
such a let down... and so weird!
why not try swapping it, and if not, then returning it afterwards?
i considered that but it's too much of a pain, not as easy as it used to be.
and regular blowjobs of donald trump.
right. like the press than ignored the dnc leaks and clinton foundation debacle for a month. hilarious.
ah yes! agreed boj played huge role. us growth and fed expectations were the momentum which should now counter swing $ lower.
but we'll see. if the us enters a recession $ should go lower while simultaneously forcing the fed to capitulate on rate hikes.
video to come of daddy &amp; i being ignored by staff whilst they waited for prince william. 10mins daddy shouted for assistance
and prince william would have been horrified to know people were shirking duty for a glimpse of him.
look how awesome hockey is after we drastically, radically change the rules for a very brief period of time!
how much hockey have you watched? the first period of an isles playoff game?
omg is it not normal??
no???? thats weird??? movies are for popcorn and candy??? pickles are weird???
rt : got a barcode on your boarding pass? don't post it online - and shred it after your flight!
great tip! use the mobile app with no paper trail too.
and regular blowjobs of donald trump.
but you still can't dispute this poll:
well it is white girl season
im white n i hate pumpkin and starbucks
lmfao i love being called negra in the summer
that's my fave nickname my gma calls me negra
if you don't even know the location, how do you know the scenario?? quit pushing your racist agenda.
you don't know a fucking thing abt me, obviously only read prop...
i havent fully watched it yet. i'll let you know over the weekend :) but ... omg. i'm still scared.
omg i totally forgot to watch the premiere! ...this conversation will continue once we're both caught up
i tried going there last time i was over and the queue was out the door = walked on !
we must have timed it well because no wait at all! it was pretty good actually.
good morning. your smile is worth a fortune, and yours to spend as you wish.
thanks for the morning motivation lin. you definitely have one of my favorite accounts in the whole twitter-sphere!
first they come after our cargo shorts and now it's our boxer shorts
headline: stop wearing pants me (already bottomless): here we go
in typical fashion, just dripping with condescension and thinly veiled close mindedness
ok so my tweet just got me a small alt right twitter following and that is not what i meant to do.
and regular blowjobs of donald trump.
and msnbc loves hilllary.
for raiding, i miss it. had a lot of trouble keeping sr up, with all dots last night.
yeah, that i can see. t18 spoiled us a bit i think
okay i was half asleep so
just helping you out
pdm is used to calculate the spare parts service technicians need on hand
140-year-old elevator manufacturer is digital, social business
given that trump has spent $54 million of his own money, this really does not strike me as a scandal.
lots of angry responses to that tweet. running theory is apparently that trump's personal $ is coming from russian and chinese bank loans...
picking this today! enter while you can, check rts for extra entries! i'll be picking based off activity. rting our...
don't forget me i'll be at school and work aaaalll day it would be great to get out of work and win please keep me in mind
boy in front of me in this class is looking up transferring to other schools
boy next to me just checked out some games from
meanwhile, nc state's turned out two, under two different coaches, in the last 12 years.
and after tonight, maybe three.....
let tweet to
yes! vic and paul would do awesome on the amazing race.
those things you're dying to say? say them.
this is why i use twitter and metaphorical poetry
berk's a hard-working reporter. but this feels more like activism, not journalism.
hubbard broadcasting is pulling the strings. down on the plantation, they're "just following orders."
lmfaoooooo dawg leave him alone
trust he don't want it with me. i'll gladly hand him this ass whoopin' and light him a blunt right after
brook lopez will take more 3-pointers this season
spacing is a good idea but who rebounds when matchup is whiteside or embiid.
giving away a pumpkin spice frap if anyone wants it. gotta get it now though.
is the winner of the pumpkin spice
i heard about that. occasionally i'm glad to be in a car
yeah, car is much better. at least you're not crammed in with 1000 strangers
is fifa out in us?
ea access on xbox
after summer of lebron, his credibility got downgraded to entertainment, i say 52-30
52 oh baby i think ur still drunk from you birthday lol. i'm with you
thank you to and the other supporting organizations for supporting us at conference this morning
thank you for everything you do to help young women and children!
i love weekend twitter when everyone pretends they aren't at home.
they just moved from the bed to the couch so it is something different. maybe even put on clothes
lots of angry responses to that tweet. running theory is apparently that trump's personal $ is coming from russian and chinese bank loans...
which, to be fair, i can't really refute, since he won't reveal his taxes for one year, much less the past decade...
idk why but this song made me think of you
not many people know this but i have an ipod lodged in my brain, this song is on s constant loop, true story
lol, thomas friedman: millennial outreach director
"ask the old spies," who certainly didn't help create our current nightmares, or anything
keith lamont scott. terence crutcher. too many others. this has got to end. -h
12 year old shot dead by police in three seconds for playing with air-soft gun in open c...
thank you so much for coming to the show!
thanks for having me! what a show, so many people!
okay twitter. i need a running shoe just like the ride but not saucony since they are not doing anything to fix my shoe problem.
i have not run those so i don't know what they're like, but... my first pair of hoka were a revelation. maybe give that a try?
here is the criminal complaint against joe percoco
so dr. k is charged with tailoring the rfp to fit fort schuyler? how do you prove that? beyond a reasonable doubt?
but lgbt press not same as lgbt mission; we're not glaad and mission is to tell the story, even when unpalatable.
there's telling an unpalatable story and then there's giving the unpalatable story a glam shoot and painting it over.
this piece from is well worth your time. a snippet:
thanks for that.
i always feel like stuff like this is an attack on black people. trying to sarcastically get at us.
it has nothing to do with that. it's the fact that there are trained dancers beggin for jobs and kendall is untrained
too good not to share from harvey cedars, just in case you missed it!
so beautiful.
hillary clinton changes name to hillary sanders
hillary sanders changes name to mommy bernie
so thankful to be a part of 's class of 2016!
congratulations, gene!
like a snake warming on a rock.
let's not forget trump's nickname "lying ted". &amp; even after what trump said of his father has no spine
so much fun last night-this was me live from the red carpet;)
nice to see you so happy. can't wait to see it!
i was actually able to say something about your goofy ass after looking at just your avi lmao
i can definitely give u this fade real quick then light u a l after to show you there's no hard feelings.
hey, we've sent you an email this morning, please could you check your inbox?
somehow there is continued confusion which is kind of epic and incredible. please address
first time in a while that i wear a sweater in the am....kinda cold this morning
first time i had to use the heater this morning lol
welcome back!
thanks sir! see you soon, hopefully!
it's official, i've been replaced. farewell everyone
when will maxaloke start streaming? will he stay on later so i can catch him? :)
spot the chicken keeper in the grant's conference speaker line up
i at least wear a collared shirt
which, to be fair, i can't really refute, since he won't reveal his taxes for one year, much less the past decade...
not that his taxes would reveal said hypothetical foreign loans. but at least they'd show his other sources of income.
goodnight, summer 2016. you were a great one
great view!
vancouver looked good from above and airport turned out as a friendly place. surely worth to look a bit closer.
i do not know well seattle. i just spent a day there.
safe flight!
thank you shawty
from a gameplay standpoint i like 2k17 i have some issues though. i don't like the my career mode at all. way too much practicing which
means a lot of loading screens. felt like i was staring at loading screens more than i was playing.
i don't know what half those things are
come visit my nephew will talk your ear off about which pokemon are which and where they live and how cute they are
fresh at ten years ago on the web
oh, yeah, i'd forgotten all about that! some big-time sites, including yahoo and amazon, forgot to define a background color!
worthy came through for me (though i did end up seeing it)
don't. slow-mo is worse.
podcast recommendation: the west wing weekly
are you listening? it's a highlight of my week
its fall bitches.
aka closer to christmas
you look flawless! love it.
that means a lot to me hehe
white people were being targeted by mobs last night and twitter wants a family to stop for gangs blocking a highway...
twitter doesn't care if that family is killed.
they ripped off the royal blizzard with that.
or was ripping off core pints? i have no idea. no patent, no problem.
give it a listen, its got a groove.
i obvs will that's zaddy! i just don't have access to at the moment. i think it's only on apple music rn &amp; i'm on my work computer.
summer will end at 10:21am today! help us say farewell -- submit your suggestions to our end-of-summer mad lib:
fireplace - limbo - michelle bachmann
honestly my favorite one wasn't what made me believe them on june 4th, it was the clever design for rowlet
actually no scratch that, aside from my mermaid obsession, the fluidity of popplio's design made me lose it
happy birthday to me
happy birthday
it has nothing to do with that. it's the fact that there are trained dancers beggin for jobs and kendall is untrained
it has nothing to do with race that is completely irrelevant
means a lot of loading screens. felt like i was staring at loading screens more than i was playing.
i feel like they've added too many unnecessary things this year. soundtrack imo is hot garbage. some real hipster shit.
thanks. soooo need it today. been up but not shining.
it's still early. you got plenty of time to wake up and get your shine on. enjoy your coffee.
what they paid for him its a good deal. last 2 yrs he might become a 3rd liner but still better then ko imo
he's not better than okposo your nuts! you just said it yourself hes a 3rd liner! hes a 3rd liner now!
ily more for relating to me having this playlist
yaaaas omg lemme follow dat
i'm not trying to be somebody auntie. i already have 7 nieves and nephews. i can be a friend though aha
yea but the "cool aunt" is loving and guiding but never judgmental
i like your haircut, abel. rt : i come alive in the fall time
i've been waiting for him to cut his hair i wasn't sure if recognize him if he did lol i approve lol
what the shitting hell? intersectionality just another word then fuck
they print a direct quote: "[t-slur] are fucking hilarious"
refreshing all the headlines before i go to bed. realizing i need a refund and a store credit on all of 2016.
just quoted this:) kpbs morning show! dig my a.m. routine
if you could travel back in time, would you do a fashion spread of baby hitler?
i'm more of a mengele guy myself
he looks better than ever! i'm so proud of the way he turned his life around...you look hot g!!
yes totally!
what they paid for him its a good deal. last 2 yrs he might become a 3rd liner but still better then ko imo
they paid 5.5 per year!!! how is that good? and for seven years!! stop drinking the koolaid.
yo i got a question
dude this is awesome.
heading into the first day of fall like
so chipper!
just saw a homeless guy holding an "all lives matter" sign. too fucking early for this.
jk just saw a really hot priest, everything's good.
"post season is when he really turned it on."
you're in my header take a gander!
what they paid for him its a good deal. last 2 yrs he might become a 3rd liner but still better then ko imo
what they paid for him? what should have he gotten???????
ever watchful.there's a group claiming to be headed to to cause trouble. not ours
prob soros obama &amp; hillary organized... want to show hate in trump supporters only hate is from their own thugs!!
coz it's usher and tbh he should retire. i stopped listening halfway through it
c'est mchant i was actually looking forward it mais ca pu mallllll
weren't you the one spreading false stories aka agendas? you're so confused, i do know that.
you're losing.there's too much data out there&amp;only the stupid&amp;cosseted are still bought in.
better solar greenhouses are possible. most if our food now requires more energy to get on to plate than it provides to eater
just saying, all the intensive urban agriculture i have seen written up uses electric lighting... i am not an expert
i feel like they've added too many unnecessary things this year. soundtrack imo is hot garbage. some real hipster shit.
leveling up your my player feels more like a chore than all previous 2k games. haven't tried pro am yet heard it's not working.
legend says that owen stoeber hasn't shaved his face since the day he was born
no shave november 2015 is still going strong.
let's eat grandma's second us show at berlin
they were great!
what they paid for him its a good deal. last 2 yrs he might become a 3rd liner but still better then ko imo
last 2 years last 2 years??? hes a 3rd liner now but will play with tavares so they will call him a 1st liner.
literally know each other for a week and are already in love..
when u find out not so much tho :/
make her your babygirl, treat her like a princess and love her like a queen
is this you
you have to choose chris luner, you have to
. the universe created saturday's so humans could experience a double show day
new poll: voters say trump's more honest than clinton. amazing given all the factchecks to the contrary
i blame the msm for not hammering on trumps lies!! they side step them and don't call them lies.
we don't write profiles only to intro someone new (though the alt right phenomenon is new) but also to scrutinize
that was scrutiny? it read like fawning adoration. go read a few pieces and learn how to actually scrutinize.
weren't you the one spreading false stories aka agendas? you're so confused, i do know that.
i don't know if you're stupid or cosseted but the differences,if any exist, are immaterial.
please tell me you bought this
it was $100
when i got dresscode
so funny dude omg i could stop
. at harvard &amp; broad i've been an highly acclaimed expert on david reich jokes (don't even get me started with last name jokes)
well, i've heard those jokes too! all of them.
some real talk, what is something you've wanted to see me do on youtube that i haven't done yet?
do some reviews of some games you have but have never really played
will this be made available online soon? very keen to have a read! many thanks!
yes - we will publish it within the next weeks. will spread the word via &amp; .
fewer ignorant people or people who are less ignorant?
aren't they related?
they needed a kick in the ass and for what was avail ladd was best choice. still hope snow makes a solid trade
kick in the ass why? another captain material, fine but i personally did not want him for 3 let alone 7!
partial solar eclipse brought to you by the chrysler building.
beautiful, thank you!
u know the new activating water essence is dope when: (middle diva) asks "do u make a ve...
we hope you had as much fun as we did
they are opposed to lowering health care costs, reproductive rights, a path to citizenship... look at the issues!
i was talking about being opposed to both trump and clinton but still voting for clinton anyway.
yeah seriously go fuck yourself carol
walker's turning lemonade from lemons on that thing
they needed a kick in the ass and for what was avail ladd was best choice. still hope snow makes a solid trade
should have offered that same contract but 5 years to justin williams a year prior!!
they are opposed to lowering health care costs, reproductive rights, a path to citizenship... look at the issues!
i will only ever vote for a candidate that i support
donald trump is a corrupted man with some terrible ideas. can't give him a pass because he's rich.
he is, but so is corrupt warmonger hillary. you can't give her a pass because she's rich and a democrat.
i want someone to talk about fallout 4 with, any takers? i could go on about this game forever. tell me your favorite companion!
i like banging all of the companions then telling them to go wait for me at various settlements and never calling them back
tf you mean again? you never asked if i owned a mirror in the first place lmao
i don't give a fuck if you own a mirror.
i just discovered that my patronus is
j/k j/k i've known this for a long time.
racial violence is never ok.
this is unacceptable! i don't care how angry one is with the status quo.
i learned how to hide shopping bags from my dad before i was 5 im sure my problem is more deeply rooted &amp; i got hella kicks too
lmfaooooooo that's hilarious
what coding courses have my mates been on? cc et al...
treehouse has great online courses and a p long free trial period.
doc ock is stuck in the friendzone hard in amazing spiderman. shit is pathetic.
friendbot zone at that!
this is really his typical screed w/ a good mix of "i know cool secret people you never will"
you liberal pussies, jack bauer personally confesses his war crimes into my ear as we jerk off together nightly
idk if he listens to himself even
mdr why you so mean today?
join our friends across the street for today!
thank for you being a continuous community supporter + sponsor for tonight's event!
one week until my birthday and 37 days until i'm reunited with in atlanta..i can't wait for a carter hug
lucky girl! hug him for me too.
if i lived in ny id check it out!
thank you so much
i hope owens retains at clash of champions because if he doesn't that means you have completely lost your freakin minds wwe!
how by giving the title to someone who earned it
no god would ever ask a 50yr old man to rape a 9yr old girl. islam is not born from divine revelation.
islam is of satanic origin....
never had a flat tire in my life until last month. and now i just got another. making up for lost time!
by "liking" this tweet it doesn't mean i'm happy you got two flat tires.
turkey won't take part in raqqa operation if kurdish militants do: presidential spokesman
kurdish militants? you mean"freedom fighters who are standing alone against spreading darkness"?or is that too much to type?
# nowplaying starboy by the weeknd
okay. listen 25 times in row. 10/10
but you just asked me if i own a mirror. even if it was a sarcastic remark, youre still showing interest
the only thing i'm interested in is giving u the fade and lighting you up after.
new york mayor on : donald trump wrong about "stop-and-frisk"
someone please ask why 20yr old adults rin high school w minors
damn he's a slippery bastard
lying is his religion, it is terrifying how it is really 2nd nature to him
2 behind the scenes
good morning
migratory patterns of an apple watch series 2: shanghai tokyo shanghai anchorage louisville oakland...
his and hers:
what does that mean
playing off of megatron. like deception
what's disgusting? union busting!!
if anyone would like to be interviewed for my blog, please reach out to me
i think this is it, . our bff social media relationship has covered all bases. ping
it's really cool how you can write racist, genocidal screeds in the paper of record and be rewarded with insane wealth and influence for it
anyways, please see my full page op-ed in the nyt tomorrow about the case for australia's no-fly-zone
feeling down today? don't, just remind yourself that you are a child of the king!~
beloved, now we are children of god; ...but we know that when he is revealed, we shall b like him, 4 we shall see him as he is.
federal regulators announced their first safety checklist ever for self-driving cars. we broke down the 15 points:
self-driving car, that's super awesome! now, u can sit, tell the address, &amp;car'll just gonna take u there!
so i guess this is the perp that assaulted mayor johnson.
mayor johnson is a scumbag under federal investigation
one look at the replies to non-partisan tweet on education confirms that there are no digital safe spaces for a conversation
that's with the mute &amp; block buttons are for
midtown manhattan. hot dog vendor: "mr. kristol! you're for trump, right?" "um...not really." "too bad. was going to give you a free lunch."
kristol doesn't need it anyway. he's getting paid very well to be a propagandist for a criminal syndicate.
zeke is so accurate im laughing
"evaporate tall person" i beg to differ
every word matters when you are addressing such a forum especially as a prime minister. its not a container
i don't give a fuck about container etc. but what i know is ns is corrupt as fuck [period]
whatever it is, it's got 's undivided attention
stats and more stats
tawon boyd died on wednesday after a confrontation with cops. he was 21. he should still be alive.
call the cops to help u with a loved one and they throw around threats to lock u up. they society's mop up crew
where is there a bbb?! it definitely opened after 2003.
there's a few i think actually! the one i went to is in the west village off 19th i believe
lmaoo swear ? that's fire
heres your proof
when pottermore tells you your patronus is an aardvark
who did this i'm screaming
this is like so weird, it all happened so quick. that man dead ass looked like he was about to pick her up and run.
he should've taken her far far away from the fashion industry.
based on your expertise, where do you think romo is in his progress? thanks for your insight
pain determines ability to rtp. that is why you've already seen him throwing, as this is not restricted
i see you like wearing belts (and other accessories)?
you caught me.
hey i "asked the old spies" and they said to waterboard the "enemy combatants" until they gave up saddam's wmds, what do i do
yo i called the old spies hotline and they said to arm the right wing death squads to the teeth so they can go rape nuns, weird
possible storyline plans for shelton benjamin's wwe return -
come on this is getting good
new profile pic. new city. new chapter in my career. next week i'm headed to boston to join north america.
congrats, clyde. very well deserved know you'll kill it, as always.
in need of a million hugs.
hi i love you
in the last five days, trump has done more than two hours worth of interviews with fox alone. 0 minutes nationally anywhere else.
those were interviews like a session at a rub&amp;tug joint is a sports massage just fox on their knees &amp; tossing softballs
i'm trying to be like kim k but yall so small minded, yall gonna be like "so you wanna be a slut?"
like my nigga am i talking about her tape or her wealth?
yes, the 65m figure comes from unhcr - but includes 42m idps! misleading when it comes to the scale of the so-calle...
that's my point. unhcr should stop amalgamating idps and others with refugees. leads to confusion of kind you note.
i'll give sexual favours for cereal. name brand only though. i'm a whore not a savage.
dammit! * puts store-brand fruit loops back in cabinet *
being a grown up is so fun
best thing ever!!!!
got a virus and strep
oh no! the cortland plague?!?!?? feel better!!!!!
gay feminist left has 'completely turned its back on women, gays,&amp; jews' to defend islam
trump is a muslim....he is always bad mouthing women
this could be you. enter for a chance to win free pizza for a year at
i did the math on this . if you only bought one pizza without tax a week this still isn't even close. 5 $100 gift cards lol.
this is unacceptable! i don't care how angry one is with the status quo.
perhaps but, nevertheless, this is an abomination.
why are you so set on smoking me out?
force of habit. i smoke everybody out. it's my way of showing that i hold no grudges.
free agency players get overpaid. he signed for less then he was expected to get. the 2 extra yrs made the deal
i did not want him to begin with at all!!! he is going to have one good season and thats it!
'tis the season for companies to slap a "pumpkin spice" label over their "cinnamon" products and sell 5 times as many.
yoenis pumpkin-spicepedes night at citi field should happen tbh
this is censorship, maybe conservatives should just quit twitter
"conservative"? we're well past that. they're banning those against the donor class.
thank you toledo, ohio! it is so important for you to get out and vote on november 8, 2016! lets make america safe...
perhaps you could clarify when great was
"cops aren't treated fairly!" i hear. let me tell a story about police. this was 5 yrs ago when i was living in mauldin, sc.
a 16 year old kid broke into my apartment and stole some stuff from me. i knew who it was. didn't call po, called his dad.
grabovski is here at media day but not available for interviews. he's still suffering from post concussive symptoms.
wow. he should retire. especially if the symptoms are from his last concussion last season.
free agency players get overpaid. he signed for less then he was expected to get. the 2 extra yrs made the deal
he did not sign for less than what was expected! he got 5.5! a6 7 freaken years! what was he expected to get???
i keep writing these in the fleeting hopes somebody still gives a damn:
without prohibiting zero rating (differential pricing in general) doesn't work.
guy calls himself "kgb" also has a nazi flag. apparently not a student of history. but that's the internet for you.
all symbols of totalitarianism are interchangeable apparently.
probably a tie between right hand man and quiet uptown. you?
nice! love the opening track 'alexander hamilton' and 'my shot'. the latter is one of my "get-hyped" songs now:)
i know lmao it was the most naive thing anyone could have thought in that situation by like 4:02 the app was like no byeeeee
me and my lb have countless stories of us going to obtain them. you can't make these things up lol
even the business focused concludes folded under pressure from bigbiz lobbying on
after smoking ban, sick leave, min wage and walmart, how can dc pols still be so gullible?
it's been a day
it will be 2 after 8 pm
gay feminist left has 'completely turned its back on women, gays,&amp; jews' to defend islam
this is our 1st lady..demonstrating how muslims should dress
that's not what early info on this said. it mentioned trump only; and he's the only one refusing to disclose.
so far, it appears is the only one reporting this. maybe not reliable? maybe not accurate? he is biased.
excited for this... ()
, you're going to love ! i've had one for a couple years and only just sold it when i moved to . i miss it.
celebrating victory of impec + ucsf workers who fought back against wage cuts, retaliation + language discriminatio...
shy down ucsf
stop talking please
i should stop talking? why bc ladd is going to have one good season with tavares and thats it&gt;?
i'm not even gonna weigh in on this breastfeeding debate
what? i'm curious but my better judgement is telling me i shouldn't ask.
relatable! you a pussy if you be blocking people bc you see shit you don't like. own up, grow up and be a man and g...
if you're reading this and think it's about you it prolly is
this is what it sounds like when we all ! lets stop the hate . . ....
. blessings 2 all my we have on earth
twitter's a private company. they don't like y'all. start your own social network, capitalist
we did, brainwashed slave of the oligarchy. :)
postcards from the bush years: elections have consequences. sometimes incredibly bad ones.
people who don't remember should watch the unknown known, the world according to dick cheney, and frontline's torture doc.
with the boss out is that why we see jeans and plain tshirt
did your boss show up yet? are you still wearing jeans?
niggas fake support you to make it less awkward
you know i address niggas by whole name
t/f? once you've been infected with , it's very likely you'll be protected from future infections.
why aren't otr knwn causes of incld in psa besides pediatricstroke drugs alcohol
modesty is such a lovely trait on you!
i know. i have so many great traits.
free agency players get overpaid. he signed for less then he was expected to get. the 2 extra yrs made the deal
justin williams is a much better player than andrew ladd
a woman on my morning commute was wearing the most amazing donut patterned dress and she was too far away to ask about it and i need it
maybe it was
a 16 year old kid broke into my apartment and stole some stuff from me. i knew who it was. didn't call po, called his dad.
dad is sympathetic. doesn't want trouble. i throw out a $$ amt to cover the loss. next day i get a call from po. i go in.
column: for football coaches who are new family men, life balance is tricky ...
thanks for the shout out. wouldn't be able to do it without...
. islam is a satanic death cult. here's the truth about mohammad's hijra to medina!
germans gassed the jews with italy as an ally and vatican help
honesty that's one of the reasons why i plan on seeing it lol but i also wanted to see him at waitress
same you have no idea
every time i feel like buying a marvel tpb i need to check one out from the library to remind myself how cheaply made they are.
plus if it's a big book they'll inevitably do a like 10 issue hardcover
"you would think there is almost, like, something wrong." -donald trump on mitt romney failing to release his tax r...
go figure but we all know he must be hiding something big!
this is so crazy it's going to be good! looking forward to adding this to my pull list.
you and me both sir! give me a villain-led series any day!
yep, jeff is definetly a homesexual. lol
ha! if he has to put it in his profile, it's not true.
it a braw day here in leven
looks nice there mate!
trump says he wouldn't add to the national debt. one of his advisers says he'd borrow $10 trillion.
its about others peoples money-this guy w/the chance 2 play with our countries finances should scare the hell out of every1
we're discussing nicolas cage's career. he's been in 10 films since '14 - starred in most. i've never heard of them:
must watch video if you haven't seen already, nic cage is a legend
today, we launch a new report showing how more restrictive use of force policies help prevent police violence:...
what about body cams? rialto, ca saw 60% reduction in use of force after body cams were deployed
yo i called the old spies hotline and they said to arm the right wing death squads to the teeth so they can go rape nuns, weird
when will admit the "old spies" he fetishizes did little more than incite right wing violence and war crimes around the world?
a reminder to all those out there struggling with their identity, sexuality, and individuality. stay strong and be...
thanks for this reminder
you'd recommend? he's coming to dubai soon.
definitely. if you are a pet sounds fan it's a great show. his band is outstanding.
trump has no respect for the 2nd amendment. first he will take the guns of muslims. then he will disarm america cli...
trump displays the classic symptoms of hitlerism. blame someone, isolate them, disarm them, i guess next he will want to gas them.
if your people getting killed for no reason then people wouldn't be mad . she was just in the wrong place at wrong time
"your people" what the hell are you talking about? this kind of racist thinking is a relic of the past, you bigot.
trump should have to answer exactly why he refuses to believe that is american.
because your 2008 campaign started the rumor that he wasn't.
on black hawks every player on isles minus jt is a 3rd / 4th liner. where snow screwed up was frans &amp; hall
he did screw up but i did not want ladd coming off 46 points and not getting younger. his best years are done with
saucin and crossin
that last photo is the cutest thing i've ever seen
tweet me your age + birthday
my birthday is today and i am now 20
corral 3 for ! how abou everyone else?
i'm in six. gave them a two hour finish estimate.
in the assessment band. keys to assessing group work in the moments of it happening. a sort of arsenal of teacher moves
i would definitely attend that.
what trump fdn did using opm sounds illegal to me. he is being investigated. maybe he will be indicted before the e...
may &amp; if she loses she is going to jail. the people will rejoice.
on black hawks every player on isles minus jt is a 3rd / 4th liner. where snow screwed up was frans &amp; hall
this is trevor linden on the isles 2.0
cwii is "police accountability: good... or bad?" and like
i hope we find out carol's possessed by the ghost of all lives matter
wanna stop ? tweeting about how awful and orange he is won't cut it. 1. donate 2. door knock 3. phone bank 4. repeat.
. the three c's of campaigning: call, canvass, contribute.
, grazie, gracias, danka, merci, spoceba &amp; thanks for the , cj &amp; tj! we have music, books.
i like your , cj &amp;tj! visit us for good books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music at:
dad is sympathetic. doesn't want trouble. i throw out a $$ amt to cover the loss. next day i get a call from po. i go in.
2 detectives take me into a room. ask my story. they then tell me if i don't sign a paper saying kid didn't do it...
morning meeting!! ...
that morning bathroom crush is a pitfb!!
this is hype.
that's a bunch if bs every friend i have is voting for clinton
it's the billionaires' world, we just live in it.
but with just a little perseverance we could _all_ be billionaires!
im not trying to smoke your reggie
i don't smoke reggie. i'm grown. i'll spend 40 on a 8th of loud.
tsn and nhl network were stating north of 6
thats insane! i never viewed ladd more than a 2nd liner or very good 3rd liner on contending team
thank you so much for your brilliant speech &amp; contribution at in the ! love having you...
it truly was inspirational!
. islam is a satanic death cult. here's the truth about mohammad's hijra to medina!
this is the way muslims should dress,...like the trumps
i do. i contacted both mmv and these two go unchecked due to friendships.
do you trust doctors or lawyers to hold their peers accountable?
if your people getting killed for no reason then people wouldn't be mad . she was just in the wrong place at wrong time
she was attacked by a thuggish mob of criminals. protests don't involve assaults and looting and arson, moron.
i was going to check it out but i haven't heard much about it
it's definitely nice though i think it's flawed in a few ways. i'd love if i could unify all communications in one place.
in usa politics, it becomes a 2-way race. because not parliamentary
tell that to carter, bush i, gore. all derailed by 3d pty candidates.
i will be interviewed from cleveland, ohio, on - tonight at 10:00 p.m. enjoy!
shy is it only fox? how about a real news show!
trump mocks people with disabilities. hillary clinton wants to expand their job opportunities
trump didn't mock that new york times reporters disability.
strongly disagree
stronly disagree??? you watch hockey? justin williams is the mr. october of the nhl playofffs
nope. i want a low key, but still fun spot where i can get a seat at the bar and drink like an old man
and the music at a low enough volume you can have a real conversation?
i guess i missed the invite.
oh shit. but you're in guam or some shit. unless you can facetime band rehearsal?
last i checked--fallon's an entertainer. not a journalist.
last time i checked, all of the msm 'journalists' were mere actors themselves.
you accuse me of spreading propaganda while posting it yourself. i debunked your post, and i'm losing
yes. your logic is faulty and the political narrative you hold as "moral" is false.
commuter life sucks when your middle class gets canceled &amp; you live 40 minutes away from campus.
literally feel you on a spiritual level bc we commute the same
i must say the spanish 'el historiador' sounds so much grander than the english historian dont u agree?
the difference between and !
as a consumer, however, i'm feeling the strain of being in a city that's sitting in an in-between stage.
it's complicated. speaking personally, there was too much tunnel vision and narrow thinking in local politics for my taste.
trump's "african-american" town hall on hannity
ok are my missing something? i get it no black folks. deplorable!
you accuse me of spreading propaganda while posting it yourself. i debunked your post, and i'm losing
you focus on minor errors to avoid the big picture to remain in a pretend reality
postcards from the bush years: elections have consequences. sometimes incredibly bad ones.
all add up to a terrifying picture of what kind of consequences that sort of arrogance and disregard for empirical truth can mean
apta: "there's a ton of data, and we're not sure its being used in a meaningful way, and by those who need to have access to it."
other transit agencies practice predictive maintenance, using sensors and hazard logs to predict asset failure. metro doesn't
2 detectives take me into a room. ask my story. they then tell me if i don't sign a paper saying kid didn't do it...
they were going to have me arrested for blackmail. afraid i signed. escort me out like nothing ever happened.
why bc you think that lol come on dude be realistic
tavares deserves to play with a star. deserves to play with a 1st liner(okposo is one) not a 3rd line
you went to an in store raffle ?!
for years we simultaneously go to in store raffles, have robot apps let us know when sneakers are haunting surprise releases..
another happy birthday to you yesterday!
this is the greatest
a big unarmed black man against four policeman with guns out and a helicopter above....stop the drama and the lies
liar. truth is in the images we saw. why was she so frightened of a man, with his hands up, walking away from her? bs.
so, powerful firms such as twitter can screen clients, but nobody bakers can't. interesting standard.
your position on woolworth's lunch counters?
postcards from the bush years: elections have consequences. sometimes incredibly bad ones.
all add up to a terrifying picture of what kind of consequences that sort of arrogance and disregard for empirical truth can have
hiring a legit wordpress development shop to complete a subscription/membership/video/woocommerce site. dm for more info.
please give us a call : 212.209.1537 to discuss further about your requirements!
no child should ever have to grow up in poverty, yet far too many do. we have to do better. here's how:
why haven't you done anything about it in 30 years? the poverty levels increased after the 96 welfare reform of bill clinton
are you really heading toward the "atheists make the best tyrants" argument? hitler was christian, btw.
hitler abused the church and twisted christian ideas-respectfully, this does not make him a lutheran.
first day of fall and it's going to be 80 degrees
gimme 65-70 degrees and im happy. it's still way too hot on the subway
you stay smoking quiet pack, dont wake the neighbors pack
why you so scared?
few stuff cause i need to remind myself to smile more
yeah!! more smiles!!!
patriots who dare... join our fight to save america! click here
isil kills you,,,,police kill us....police beats isil by a lot
you went to an in store raffle ?!
... sit at midnight in front of 5 different websites. and try to buy people's places on line so we can get a pair.
pennsylvania gop pushes poll-watcher measure critics say could lead to voter intimidation
won't work in philly. there is no republicsn party. besides nobody intimidates people from phila.
10 smart ways to get keep your coming back to your / / rt
thanks for sharing! :d
is this the future?
not enough violence with occupy, only filth &amp; squalor. thugs moved 2 blm, death destruction &amp; looting more their style.
legacyrealms is looking to hire a developer for some plugin work think you got what it takes? hit us with a dm
submit your details here:
this song is so unknown that it's pathetic. here's a live version i hadn't seen before.
bring me the disco king from the album reality /;) thank you for this reminder mr. garson. one of my favorite songs...
twitter does this apparently
hmmm... twitter doesn't know me at all. should be bottles of gin, not balloons.
not even close.
whats not even close! linden was a hell of a player! better than ladd and then look what happened..
hrbartender : yes rt menon_smita consumer/learner at center, complete autonomy ...
'complete autonomy' is too extreme. people are employed for a reason...must be alignment.
"you would think there is almost, like, something wrong." -donald trump on mitt romney failing to release his tax r...
release the 33,000 govt emails
i hope y'all like today's ep! we recorded in the same room, so the audio's not quite as crisp as i prefer, but it should still be fine!
every time you complain about audio quality i can never hear a difference anyway (it always sounds fine to me)
i see you on a lot of boxing accounts i follow. who is your favourite now, and of all time?
do you still box? i love boxing my fav of all time is !
honestly this picture is timeless, in love
his insta is 4everm1n his shit is so crazy good!
yes, he was the best period, and a great man
tony gonzalez also belongs in the conversation.
apparently the labor pool is exhausted and there is no way to expand without spreading yourself too thin. sorry 518!
is this a sarcastic reply to the haters, or is this a legit observation on the local landscape? i hear moans about talent a lot.
they were going to have me arrested for blackmail. afraid i signed. escort me out like nothing ever happened.
kid never charged. later was found guilty of many federal crimes. "protect and serve" they claim. terrible, corrupt dept.
this includes mediabuzz, two phoners with fox and friends and an hour long town hall with hannity.
i guess he enjoys hiding in the fox hole.
planned parenthood continues pushing margaret sanger's population control agenda, here's how
you complain about too many latinos....you want to get rid of us....than you post this garbage
just say birth of a nation, good movie and i just want to thank ayesha randolph for being the only teacher to...
special screening? or is it out already?
i keep writing these in the fleeting hopes somebody still gives a damn:
also, to the point of your article. keep up the fight - some do give a damn!
are you really heading toward the "atheists make the best tyrants" argument? hitler was christian, btw.
consider the church and movement dietrich bonhoeffer began because of his resistance to hitler.
not decided yet. there is a bidding process that takes place to determine venue. will know before end of the year.
are tickets for davis cup priced extremely high ?
in life people live &amp; learn from their mistakes
is coming soon
i seen people not watch other people's snaps on purpose, what's the point of having it ? lol
i know right lol
"excessive use of force in prisons, we believe, has reached crisis proportions in new york state," mr. bharara said.
anybody who spent time in the downstate pods knows this is routine.
suspected of using mustard gas against us troops |
thanks to obama's support isis is bringing chemical pressure cookers to our largest black cities. isis matters.
i don't take off my ring either but a watch just seems weird.
i've been called worse. :)
you accuse me of spreading propaganda while posting it yourself. i debunked your post, and i'm losing
a person was kicked in the fucking head in london for the same reasons ppl are getting lynched in charlotte.
the widespread expectation that hillary will crush him is dangerous. sets the bar very high for her. leads to: he stood for 90! he wins!
it's media's plan to give him the win regardless. they know she's a wonk. they know he's an idiot. but it all for
book train, book train!
looks cool...i book my trains and then read my book on the train!
a riot. trapped in your car. people have been killed. lethal force legally justified.
goetz did nothing wrong
i ain't seen the welfare office looted or burned. ?
i don't remember seeing white people looting during a protest.
but also spiraling me quickly into my own dark head. and makin me fat
but dat butt tho.
no one is advocating that cops are perfect but society will become dysfunctional without law &amp; order
society becomes dysfunctional when laws are applied unequally ...
kid never charged. later was found guilty of many federal crimes. "protect and serve" they claim. terrible, corrupt dept.
i have a lot of respect for those that suit up and serve. not that day though. will affect my judgement of police forever. why wouldn't it?
! "and thouse of jacob shall possess their possessions!" ! !
"for the day is near, even the day of the lord is near; it will be a day of clouds, a time of doom for the nations ezekiel 30:3
. is more than just a great running mate-he's a great guy to have as a friend, too.
you said he was a terrible choice for obama in 2008
what am i scared of? please explain
i offered to shoot the fair one &amp; after light u up. u should be flattered. i offered to buy u loud. hoes usually get dirt.
lucas stand issue has been unleashed in your local comic book store!
indeed i've learned, you're never too old for i'm hooked
i wish they all could be california...
tom steyer is not a telegenic tv ad personality - you should reconsider using his image so much - he hurts yr message
but also spiraling me quickly into my own dark head. and makin me fat
thats the type of ass to make people who win nobel peace prizes, go to war.
having always wanted to become a singer, this was the moment chief dodds chose law enforcement. cheers! thanks...
the beginning of my 36 year career as official stalker of the world's most talented man!
if black ppl came together and voted on the candidate that gives a damn, they would be on the table since our votes r so important
and there are leprechauns and fairies. one of the potential winners will let you in the game. the other won't
"new york love is mad different"
ny niggas always think they girl out sucking dick when they not with them
caught up with the legendary !
great to see you! didn't realized it was your first ona till i saw that photo.
look what he did for guys over the last 5 years with okposo boyes pa moulson
right, i want a star. i dont want tavares playing with 3rd liners making them look good.
no one is saying that. we voted out but the exit will take time
i know. europe never ceases to disappoint. sorry
error has no rights, 21st century update
he can go yell murder on any street corner. but not while employed at a public university.
the jealousy is palpable.
let's not forget forbes overlooking that teslas can use chargepoint, but superchargers are proprietary!
maybe it is rt : this guy plays the accordion everyday here at the 42nd street station, like it's his job.
he looks like a hustler like he got 2 other jobs, it's impressive.
i do not like it when messes with the search results appearance. no. no. no. no. no.
evidently, there's some newness in this!
they're so good what's your favourite
i'm pretty happy with how the base cards came out - a boring answer, i know! haha
these girls at happy hour casually mouthing the words of destiny child's "jumpin jumpin" to eachother is making my evening.
you happy hour now?!
out here ready 2 loot with my niggas!!!!
niggas? more like chimps attacking humans..
look what he did for guys over the last 5 years with okposo boyes pa moulson
and that does not include okposo bc okposo is a 2nd liner at worst on any team
accounts for the big bang as for jesus: zero. so what? must police witness the crime before they can name a suspect? there
there were thousands of eyewitnesses for jesus. and i'm not denying the big bang-just saying god was involved :)
i have a lot of respect for those that suit up and serve. not that day though. will affect my judgement of police forever. why wouldn't it?
now imagine this happening to everyone you know, all because you're not white. it's a world mr. whitefolk closes his eyes to.
time to trade in my over-sized tshirts for my over-sized long sleeves
idk what it's like to wear clothes that fit and i don't want to
is all about the athletes!
for all of my news, you know the only place i look is
wtf is wrong with tmobile
thought i was the only one!!
"mark ruffalo will get naked" joss whedon's avengers take shots at trump in get out the vote video
not gonna work. elitists for hrc pisses me off. pushes me towards trump
huh, in the on young folks, didn't mention that it's the same melody as the oriental riff. do they not know?
we did. got cut out
okposo is not ladd you will learn that quickly
ladd is more of a locker room guy than okposo i agree but okposo is better currently
oooof. i've done that at work before. at least you can change after cleaning it up while sobbing.
i remained remarkable calm (she told herself).
we did ? he posted he what you on snap . ion remember meeting him
this was like 5 years ago at the park by the y we was all ballin idek how i remember that
hopefully it will implode, very soon!
how can it not implode.
thugs in charlotte. this could be your child. ...
they are f**king animals.
the jealousy is palpable.
which means teslas have access to more chargers than any other ev brand!
stay in school kids. learn your history. even the bad history too.
unfortunately very important parts of our history is not taught. my children have learned more from me.
you accuse me of spreading propaganda while posting it yourself. i debunked your post, and i'm losing
you focused on geographical error of a lynching,so i sent you a geographically correct vid of lynching
kyle wasnt the winger for jt's style. ladd plays a style that on paper fits better with jt.
i agree okposo is not the winger for tavares' style
when "journalism" and advertising collide...
when catches up to kanye on hobo chic
it's night where i am. good songs
damn u beat me to this
me: hi can you send me a pic of your bar for a story i'm editing? publicist:
i'm definitely the guy in the top right
also, this scammer makkia who dishes out my number needs to fucking go somewhere
these r getting sketchier
so was it worth the cost? ;-)
you know it
so glad nu metal is back in earnest. the dude's muzzle is a real highlight -
i don't hate this
now imagine this happening to everyone you know, all because you're not white. it's a world mr. whitefolk closes his eyes to.
police investigate police. that's not right. we need a system adjustment. a third party not tied to government. something.
smh y'all said mags will have this feature, but naw we get these half ass shits. disappointed
that tech is to come out with new mags. the first pair were just for charity.
watch: about town hall question (it wasn't about chicago) to hide his support for a national stop-and-fr...
omg, trump lies again. this guy lies without freakin breathing......
kyle wasnt the winger for jt's style. ladd plays a style that on paper fits better with jt.
im not upset not signing okposo. im very upset not getting a deal done with franz in february!
went with pc
i'm in w on you drinking &amp; blogging the pc ( ) ~ but i'm really curious how that rs is showing...
we're grateful for the , divya! visit us for books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music:
ta-da! another , divya! true coolness abounds! thanks so much. visit us for lots of goodies!
kyle wasnt the winger for jt's style. ladd plays a style that on paper fits better with jt.
franz should have never gotten to the summer. that should have been done in the winter!
so blacks get shot. and ya boy and duke talk about new stop and frisk laws for blacks and other minorities
that's for chicago and trying to crack down and get guns off the street. they hired another 1000 guys for chicago p.d.
cause is a god, and that the god is *your* god.
good point-i can't prove god-that's why faith is called faith. but christian theism does answer things science doesn't.
agreed. the text messages are pretty annoying too and i hate all of the extras bs they added this year like you said
too many interruptions from gameplay. even in game i'm mashing the a button just to finish a fucking quarter.
i feel like i would have no relevance. (and don't believe i've earned their respect).
what grades would you pitch your talk for? assessing and teacher moves during groupwork are pretty relevant for u.s. teachers.
the folly of the protest vote-a vote for jill stein/gary johnson is a wasted vote
i enjoy ur tweets so much! our girl is up in the polls again.we will win this!
i smoke dirt cause im a flower child
lmfao. i can't even take you serious. you obviously don't want the issue. you even have a cute quote under my pic. lmfao
because the first amendment clearly doesn't protect free speech and self defense is murder
in no court in this land would a call to "run them down" be construed as self defense.
i don't think those actually exist anymore.
cute. but if you believe in the freedom to discriminate in public accommodations, you should just come out and say so.
sexism has much to do w/ hillary's trustworthy numbers. strong, ambitious women still bother a lot of ppl for some f'ing reason
but but but speaking fees!
"any change that happens in life must come from your own efforts"
i change my clothes every day does that count
kyle wasnt the winger for jt's style. ladd plays a style that on paper fits better with jt.
and i think ladd will have a great first season with tavares but i hate that contract
as long as they know who on top
still fair game buddy good luck today
my inner boy scout is screaming.
wouldn't this just smother the fire?
don king endorses obama but liberals hate him &amp; trash him for endorsing trump. only when it suits them it's cool
he's always been the darling of the left, right and another left... latinos for trump. jews for hitler. moths for flames?
what is your objective opinion of the device?
i'm still working on that story.
.: president obama had a opportunity to fix inner cities, and he didn't, and they've gotten worse
obama and hillary are martin luther king's worst nightmare. he would have lynched al sharpton.
who said we had to be 50/50 in our work and our private life?
when doing your amazing sketches at real estate conferences are you working or playing? yes!
teva &amp; uggs have teamed up to create the "worlds ugliest shoe" - greg's gonna buy some for lol!...
lol, looks like 's boot!
u over value okposo he wasn't that good you get what's available to you i wanted hall
okposo averaged 65 points over the last 3 years as he has hit his prime. hes pretty good.
can't wait for this:
looks cool but requires using a new phone number.
oh sorry i didn't have any memes or gifs about killing kids. there're so funny, amirite?
don't be so hard on yourself. bet there's good ones of the corpses of egypt's firstborn sons...
do you start lunch at noon or earlier? only asking to see when i could head over!
we start lunch at 11:00 - open until 2:00 today - hope to see you later for some
unfortunately my dear in the eyes of modern liberals that makes you a racist.
doesn't make sense. i look at every person as a human being that should be treated as such.
yay my bestfriend hates me. cool
wait i'm your best friend and i will always live you &amp; be there for you
p convinced none of the actors in xoxo have partaken of the substances they are portraying
even the buff bros with the football?!
autumn weather you can believe in right here, fellas...
next time give me a heads up when you sext me!
someone, maybe me, needs to test obviously but good to know...use headphones or bluetooth.
i use bluetooth headphones, never stereo and have noticed significantly worse battery life as well.
actually he's uniting it (red, yellow, black &amp; white) .. it's blm and their ilk who are dividing things..
racism empowered &amp; encouraged by the worst president in history.
either that or the fire would crawl up the logs, spilling them out the fire pit.
death by lifehack
u over value okposo he wasn't that good you get what's available to you i wanted hall
no, you dont have to get ladd just bc you fucked up on okposo/franz. snow just isnt a great gm.
me as i try to figure out why meek's diss track towards the game was so much harder than his diss track to drake
game's "pest control" diss track was 2016 just isn't meeka's year
you can use the calendar complication to get the next event. the clock does not display all the event for the day.
right. that's my feature request
new data: trump's racism has lead jewish donors to abandon the gop.
ya think maybe they can spot the nazi
it was an awful, indefensible thing to say, but censorship causes more harm than good.
indefensible???
you're one of the greatest human beings ever! don't listen to them
thank you so much sister. i really appreciate that! love you.
i mean...i would eat it. but if it were next to a wendy's, i'd go for the frosty, fries and that square meat.
i agree with reggie there just kinda blah... nothing special, and frys r horrible
user was last active during 2011 presidential primary debates; went dormant for 6 years; woke up recently &amp; tweets...
great catch. what an egg.
if bernie sanders had such incredible sway over the masses to make the entire country hate clinton, why did he not win the nomination?
the quantum physics required to understand how these people come to these questions is still lost on me
you know why
did she actually say that
but are you giving hammer up i don't think so
you wouldn't have traded hamonic for hall straight up? isles would have but edm did not want to
plz keep ur chairs in the upright position ft. creepy broder is creepin!!
yesssss
can anyone help me build a cheap simple website?
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
you like more than life?? that's sick
yes! majority of the tri state kids do sick as hell
i'm sure but i can't bring myself to care after the way they did morrison
- im not a big fan of the end of his run. but everything aint for everybody.
but are you giving hammer up i don't think so
during the season. even so, snow should have pulled the trigger. hes not a great gm.
i will run them over.
girl you and me both
anyone who disagrees isn't "fair minded"? that pretty much eliminates conversation with the "deplorables."
that's why they're deplorable. the double standard and personal hatred directed at her is obvious.
my favorite 6am aeropress mishap is forgetting i didn't empty the aeropress and unscrewing the cap to a shower of dry grounds
oof. the things we go through for that morning caffeine hug. (sometimes i hug my coffee)
thanks for the follow, folks! good luck to you! visit us for good music, books, photos, ideas at
thanks for the , friends! visit us for good books, great pics &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra's music:
: picture police officer is crying charlotte!! police ...
god bless blue! pray!
lol, personally i would make sure i was showered before i went on tv. but that's just me.
i thought that's what we all look like tbh
he called for help &amp; was beaten to death. how does that even sound remotely right to anyone willing to argue in favor of police?
whether he or whomever called, he was in need of assistance, but was beaten into a coma instead.
hi there, it does depend on a few things including which carriers are involved nz to nz is 1hr as a general rule ^ng
it would be nz to ua
mt : is a crime against humanity!
"from the day i was born i have been in your care, +from the time of my birth, you have been my god" ps.22:10
ok plays the oshie style. jt needs at least 1 winger who will shot vs the fancy play over&amp;over
1000% agree that okposo is not the winger tavares needs. my issue is the contract
had to do it to them
lmao just had to cut ass it's been a while
this was perf
gave me so much life
punish the student? your the disgrace and should never be allowed to teach or hold a government position.
agree, how do these idiots get hired?
but he played with tavares so what happens when ladd puts up 70 points over the next 3 years ?
i think ladd will put up 70 this season, yes
who said i want that!
i'm sorry guys, i just can't one-up either of your awkwards now. i was gonna try, but...
so i thought i should pass her thanks along, together with my own. i trust you know this, but you are making a real difference.
many thanks! it's good to hear.
a trump county campaign chair in ohio just blamed racism on obama
imagine that bull shit always blaming but the irony is racist in itself ~blaming the blackman!
are you going kathy?
not a chance! lol crowds and i don't agree. but good luck to those who do.
- was quinn the next qb drafted after mirer? there hasn't been many.
most likely. not sure.
does the people voting for clinton know that she's a criminal, murderer just to name one
you named two
i noticed. you're just overlooking the fact that i like to reply.
i guess neither one of us will get anything productive done today then
korben: "a big fare fell in my lap. one of these of really big fares you can't resist. 5'9", blue eyes, long legs, great skin." object again
a lot of the start of this movie, including this phrase, is from a heavy metal animated movie (and likely a comic beforehand)
dancers are usually looking for jobs to dance and models are doing just that.....modeling.
it's a dance shoot therefore it should be a dancer.
that's exactly how u would be as a cnn analyst lol
literally! that exasperated chuckle? we cousins.
that's the illusion you and many others fall for... neither of them will let you in the game especially hillary lol. stop it.
and you know this? why? she hasn't worked with bppl before? that is not true.
you'd be surprised how much cash these dudes rake in, it'll make you wanna quit your job
i see his box is full, i have no talents tho so dub loo
super jealous, but on the bright side, i get to watch grey's anatomy tonight.
i know. i don't get to see it...
korben: "a big fare fell in my lap. one of these of really big fares you can't resist. 5'9", blue eyes, long legs, great skin." object again
so yeah it started out waaaay objectify-y. i love it all the same.
"a riot is the language of the unheard."- martin luther king, jr.
no i'm pretty sure that the constitution defend your right to fight to party
i'm headed to charlotte this morning. dm me if you're there or on your way as i'm hoping to hit the ground running. thanks folks.
be safe!!!!
why would u they change the headlines when white people riot
grow up. you know that's shit.
twitter suspends ut law professor after he urges motorists to run down charlotte protestors.
usa today?????
when you know something is wrong and you don't speak up, you become part of the...
spending my time teaching the next generation that. hopefully they're better than us.
vote . if you want more of this.
i have to at the gov haters who support cops but not when going aft bundy, oregon siege! hypocrites.
promotion day! it feels mad good to be recognized for hard work and persistence from your peers.
congrats jordan!
thank you for whitesplaining that to me.
i do not see anywhere that it has to do with race.
you still a bitch even if you deny it
did i not call you out &amp; did you not cop out the entire time? i even offered to light u up after to show there no grudge.
hilarious. (1) 3-1 = "owned?" (2) wins matter, but zook era should get an asterisk.
bookmarked to make fun of later. right now i have an article to publish and then i've got to get going at work lol
next time give me a heads up when you sext me!
hoodie season today!
continuing the nc tour. much needed right now (@ university of north carolina at asheville - )
what a time to be in carolina! continue doing good. be safe.
yes because his mean words are totally as bad as her corruption.
he's done far worse than just run his stupid mouth.
this is blocked up beautifully, and the rb is out the gate for 88!
is this not the most textbook way to run power? this is what high school coaches show their kids
the lady doing my pedicure is a savage. i swear she must be taking all her anger out on me for something
uh uh girl. you better tell her something. i hate when they do that.
in a convo about pwas: what do u think? should businesses have a deeper focus on this topic?i fear many are missing it.
i think people should know what it is and evaluate whether it makes sense for them, but i wouldn't rush into it
nothing is safe anymore... get the tums and the nexium, we're goin in
fuck me up fam
whether he or whomever called, he was in need of assistance, but was beaten into a coma instead.
to then die because of complications the police brutally placed onto him. there is no justifiable answer for this. rip
mcdonalds coffee at 5am on the way back from emergency room!
oh noz! everyone ok??
yup, das me. doing god's work, feedin one ho at a time
you dumb. i hope mami puts you up for sale when her joel get married
he did no such thing! harris turned her back on us!
blacks are pissed off at obama tackling easy things like meeting with saudis behind doors, not dealing with black problems
future of daily fantasy?
penny slots built many a casino throughout the world
if cousin it had twin sisters who took off for capri...
where's morticia?
meet 's new trump surrogate: . when she's not loving trump, she's all-out hating . this...
is awful. she did great the 1st two weeks, then the stink got on her.
exciting! any speakers lined up ?
i make my big push for local speakers next week but it's harder than i thought to attract presenters. care to join us?
when did society except this as normal protesting. this is total anarchy. it should not be tolerated.
i agree. feel sorry for the police, damned if they do, damned if they. dont. our govt is corrupt
top 10 show ever
huge fan, crazy huge fan... the west wing is the rush of tv shows
hello! we prefer you choose one or the other per quarter.
thanks for your quick response.
in other words, no. just like the video you posted earlier, you have no clue where it's from.
no. i just don't fucking do work for intellectually lazy bigots.
this is huge. it would be the top national news story if we had a real media. by via
i saw this :) hillary can't even hire a knowledgeable eraser. any 7th grader could have done it without asking reddit
or what about 98% of the rappers that are making over a million a year? do i need to go on?
so the hundreds of years of slavery does not count as oppression?
they had their chance and blew it.
too many candidates too many open primaries
thinkin bout the weekend like
the library isn't open as long on the weekend :(
with the world famous caird
great job. i've taught you well
gets suspended but this tweet goes unpunished? wth?
what did it say. it's deleted
and you never will cuz its biased and yall are racist
thank you. you are making us that way. and doing a fine job.
very good session at
thanks christian, glad you enjoyed it.
federal departments racked up $17m on cab rides over liberals' first 7 months
wtf use uber!
grow it to your shoulders
nah not that long
the first nba preseason games are next weekend. basketball is almost back!
too bad i have to wait 4 extra days to watch my team
i've written a fair amount about this. 1964 action was needed but should have been narrowly tailored. single-sex to...
but you're good with "hey, you look like a ******, get the f*ck out of my store"?
in fact you can choose any trifecta of terms because the word trifecta sounds sophisticated &amp;the number 3 has religious symbolism everywhere
wait let's a take a step back for a minute :p
it can't be any worse than some of the old games... '5 unintentionally hilarious live-action games'
oh yes they got some proper silly live action games, haha
every tool in their mental toolbox is meant to attack and criticize and virtue signal. by nature they don't make sense.
that's unfortunate. ppl need to put their believes and political affiliations aside. ppl need to think about the human factor.
and did you really compare it to a lynching?? yikes.
once again, you focus on trying to trip people up in your efforts to miss disastrous realities in our biggest cities.
out yea not now
im a defense first guy but to get a star winger for tavares for next 8 years, im doing it for ham now
thank you honeyz finally my stolen was returned @...
hi! i'm a student reporter working on a story about stolen citi bikes. can we talk?
- but it has been ugly!
compared to whom? is ohio state, alabama, texas, oklahoma doing any better? even usc only has 1 good one past 20 years.
out yea not now
dont worry the devils and their fans will love taylor hall! he will be great there.
them dudes got the cheat codes lol
might as well have the game sliders on! lol
i love how diverse the non-main cast is, like all the background actors and random supporting characters. too bad the main cast isn't.
what about ruby rod?
hi! let's chat after! back of room
great. will come to back of room at end to find u and say hi.
new beatles movie by ron howard mention?
there will an oscar this year for mention
and you never will cuz its biased and yall are racist
by the way what does yall mean?
this gonna be me
this is my fave vine thank you for bringing it back
local tv interviewer asked trump "what changed" about his "birther" views:
holy crap...who cares anymore...next
it was my dream as a kid. i wanted a red 944 turbo
i dream of red porsche too. may have to settle for red mx5 :/
ain't no party like a leslie knope party cause a leslie knope party is actually 30 parties
omg parks and rec is my life
i thought we were friends :) *kaew
we were till you left me stranded. that's not what friends do.
so women stormed a dept store? wtf?
not yet, sam will be at bloomies in nyc after his barbour store event.
scheduled wakes will do that. use the "run this task when the system next wakes" setting instead:
got it, thank you
for all of you wondering, closter downtown will be opening oct 19th
so this means chipotle is open.... stoppppppp
rita marley, widow of reggae superstar bob marley, has been hospitalized in miami after suffering a severe stroke.
omg!!! noo!! bless! . . . ....
news: hall of fame damaged during violent protests via
they don't respect the flag, the nation or what makes us the greatest. our education system is brainwashing them
nice jew bashing tweet. shall i inform the adl?
careful dude... matthew 10:33...
it was sayin that to me
it? how could you ? what about the children? r they it also.
riots are destructive, dangerous, and scary - but can lead to serious social reforms.
so a mob assaulting a female truck driver and looting/burning her truck while attack causes social reform...how?
can we somehow auto scale cb? if load is high one query node comes up, if data is filling fast, one data node comes up
do you generally expect database to auto scale, as opposed to an app server?
trump, on , hits clinton on libya intervention that he once vocally supported:
knows exactly what his followers care about -- don't dare take our guns. just take the guns from minorities.
shared alert -via - nfl: 49ers qb colin kaepernick most disliked player in league, according to poll conducted by e-poll marketing res
i don't like the guy and i don't even watch american football
it's 21st century, being bey or angie is not enough to get a good guy
it's not their fault men just like new and to chase and can't be satisfied with what they have even if it's the best!!!
it's thursday!!!!!!!!!!!!! hope it's thirsty for my friends at college and productive for my friends at work!
or both for friends at work lol
when did society except this as normal protesting. this is total anarchy. it should not be tolerated.
i think clintons&amp;obama paid these ppl so they can say trump incites racial violence, we know its not true
it's before 10am, and i'd like a glass of sangria.
however, i will settle for chocolate.
i've been sitting here doing that too!
block them all. the more we block the more they'll feel it.
i should be painting, but instead i'm sitting here tryna solve the world's problems and find a date.
it's really hard to be existential and spit game at the same time.
love the backward/rewind part of animation. nice job!
thanks ismet! :) i made sure there was custom easing for both zoom directions, meaning that they aren't just reversed frames.
i'm watching the show! but saving the episodes...
it's so good if you watch an episode of the show and listen to the corresponding podcast (makes the show so much richer).
on no filter, manny piol, the 3 great boxers-manny pacqui, duterte and piol-and why two have same initials, mp.
manny pangilinan to add to that list.
thanks for the shout out
you guys were great
awesome idea!
i'm was in the library this morning, and for the life of me couldn't remember the name of a movie stanley weber was in.
antifree
everyonegoonyoutube4videos of obamaanti
wow i just heard someone say they hate birds. what kind of fucking monster...
the only time a bird ever pooped on me was in ghana
. listening now... kenneth, you speak the truth, brother!!
peace and have a great day
media will show wat they want cock smoochs
you keep proving my point.
eb turns 30 this year + we're celebrating with our anniversary issue next month to on the cover i...
u look like a rock star
why twitter is convinced everyone wants to be a socialite, model, fashion designer, or stylist is beyond me...
"you don't even know what fabric that is." you right. i want to be a child psychologist, not a fucking t shirt printer.
oh friend. whats the injury??
i sprained my wrist
robots will wipe out the equivalent of florida's job market in 5 yrs $15 an hour? there will be no jobs! then what?
we may not have fully agreed the other day, but at least you care about the issue itself.
"warning: very few movements"
when u dead
i was being myself. you can't appreciate me. you're the only one steppin on my shoes. you took them off my feet. yo...
fall in a hole
why this election is really about the constitution -
obama and hillary have encouraged the low-brainers to riot . isis is using the distraction to chemicalize black cities !!!
in past ga speeches, made references to pop culture to attract attention. i've got dibs on in the betting pool.
but will there be a graphic?
- i guess what's the measuring stick? sticking in nfl as a back up at least?
i'd gladly look at a list of guys who spent 17 seasons in the nfl as a qb. my guess is most if not all r household names.
i'm watching the show! but saving the episodes...
i'm re-watching the show for maybe the fifth time, but very disciplined. one a week, times to the podcast episode.
let us pray, lord please don't let trump into office. we will spin out of control.
this nigga trump got it in the bag
giants loss to the ravens in sb 35?
funny you say that, dave cause this loss he spoke about was a few months after that.
it's really hard to be existential and spit game at the same time.
while you have a whole deadline looming in the background...
i was expecting pops to be towering over mom dukes lol she put the heels on they at eye level. pics is clean asl tho
yeah we're short lol, well average
a cafe where none of the furniture wobbles.
a cafe where none of the furniture wobbles is a cafe that is unloved.
i've been criticizing this even though no starter has been with america from before 2012
lavolpe told ren tovar of it's him. hasn't made an announcement though.
i'm the director of the committee for white people washing their hair.
thank you for your valuable contribution to society.
is it me or do pre-roll ads play like a minute into a youtube video now?
they do and its so annoying
erin is this u on twitter
also important to note that cj misspelled bleu.
don't know to be honest, i'm building swift toolchain...
i haven't tried that, which is a little surprising since i used to build everything that had source code
media people, these feral rioters do not consider you their friends. stop giving them your support.
they've already had such lessons, phil. that photographer last night nearly got incinerated.
it's by modesto
ohh cause i went to modesto
i think vibranium was destroyed in doomwar &amp; infinity was when wakanda was wrecked thanks to namor
wasn't wakanda wrecked by namor in avx, because wakanda was housing the fugitive heroes?
.....there are thirteen cousins in my family and there's. already me. so. what's the chance one of the other 4 are...
myles is gender creative and he's your cousin. ;)
if mr t wins your election we in australia will have open borders for usa refugees!
hey we can start an expat colony there, always wanted to visit australia, why not for 4-8 years
clinton crushes trump in nbc/wall street journal poll
hate to say it but a 6 pt lead is hardly crushing him especially when there is a 3 pt margin for error.
next tuesday, this becomes the best vita game in the history of the console.
better than persona 4? damn... high praise... need to look into this
love hall as well but don't wanna take steps back defensively with barzal dal colle strome lee nel
if you look at teams who win cups or make the finals, they have a lot of stars on offense (ex sj)
i am weeping rn because i miss jim miller what is wrong with me i hate teachers &amp; school
jim didn't just teach theatre, he taught us about ourselves.
2nd on my list of desired adidas trainers
what's ? mine is the montreal 76 w the rubber heel.
yes. and i'm not opposed to a bowl of bar snacks either, as gross as they may be.
you lost me with the last one ;)
performing tomorrow morning on for album release tune in or come out to rockefeller center if you're in...
we out thereree
just in: will launch service in starting at 2pm today. offering free rides through sunday.
when tyler has uber and doesnt...
did evan just cream his pants after leinart hung up the phone?!? lol
have to have a penis in order for that to happen.
that number is fake as shit. no way canelo did under 250k
well i hope it's not fake
i accept that it's unlikely that civil war ii was conceived to deliberately ruin captain marvel as a character, but it's sure doing that.
- i feel like theyre tarnishing her character for some redemption arc when her book gets renumbered
will need to mock debate 100 different trumps to be ready for in 4 days.
because you are a criminal being protected by a president that is no better than rioters in sc
have you seen the new astrological signs? life already feels different not being a libra. ...
i am / was also a libra ... until now ...? stupid nasa, this is just like the pluto debacle all over again.
physically/mentally/emotionally feel the negative energy trying to ease its way back into my life and i'm like nope...
if i could retweet this 50 thousand times i would. no negative energy plz no no no
or both for friends at work lol
haha big facts!
my birthday black &amp; white
i hope that is a real bakery black and white and not one of those terrible wrapped up convenience store black and whites
this is just my two cents, but here we go:
thanks for sharing, that makes a lot of sense
cause is a god, and that the god is *your* god.
yes, there might be evolution happening with moral choices-but that also squares with christian beliefs.
"gay or just european" is an exceptionally difficult game to play in amsterdam.
in america surprisingly so too
much appreciated, kc
my pleasure
one of the purposes of hair is to demonstrate fertility, so long but bleach/heat-fried hair is sort of worse than shorter healthy hair.
thus, that woman with waist-length orangey hair with split ends i can see a block away is truly missing the point.
new video! nerd - how to fix youtube heroes rt/share this. let's make it happen.
this is a good idea. therefore youtube probably won't use it.
would you otherwise recommend the aeropress?/thinking about getting one for a while now
oh my gosh yes. i kind of want to be buried with mine i need/love it so much.
everyone was talking about avatar in 2009 but i managed to miss that
the best part is the sequel where the rad general dude comes home and becomes a serial killer
disturbing video: gangs of thugs target and attack white people.
yep, they are nothing more than thugs, should be called thugs in america don't matter to us
y'all. this is where i get to work
in regard to previous tweet, it's the smithsonian on 5th nyc, not the new smithsonian on 5th greenville ;)
rtc is romancing the capital in august 2017.
i'd go but the airfare and hotel would be the tough part. are you going
basketball season is almost here guys. midnight madness is next weekend and nba preseason in two weeks. can't wait.
what is midnight madness??
isn't that what imdb is for?
i prefer quick. if i'm at the library and want a few titles to grab...
shout out to whoever stole my credit card number and went buck wild at dress barn and marty's liquor
drunk dress buck wild theft shenanigans
seems to happen fairly often from what i see on twitter. they didn't design it against what seems to be a frequent mistake?
i've actually never done it before and have been using it for years. hopefully this isn't the start of a trend :)
hello there. the browser there should be microsoft edge. are you able to locate it there? ^mp
yes thanks a lot!
me flirting: "so what kinda podcasts u like?"
lol! me flirting "whats your favorite ted talk?" lol
- nd qbs are household names? oklahoma has been just as bad. texas has two in same period with young/mccoy.
show me a list of all nfl qbs who have lasted 17 years (as beuerlein did). how many don't you recognize?
seeking a ui developer for a one of the hottest companies in the city of austin, tx! email me @ b.stewart.com for more info!
if you're considering remote work, visit our portfolio: send your details to leads.com
shepard this week versus the skins!
easiest matchup for sure of all three giants. but i think beckham is going to eat this up.
mom on the loose!
mom on point as alwayssss
- usc has put 5 qbs in the league that have started in the nfl during that period.
and four of them are crap
i don't think anything could compare to this feeling.
idk have you ever been to ?? i think they are pretty similar experiences...
oh yeah? we're watching an episode a night. sometimes two. or three.
the temptation is intense, but we're trying to keep it in real time. i want to enjoy it as long as possible
just a few minutes left! keep pouring in those brilliant thoughts!
thanks for being such a brilliant host! and thanks to all contributors. looking forward to meeting you next month.
it's tough to find something for milwaukee who says no (assume bucks throw in a pick)
i'd def do it for denver and then move nurkic for swap option and/or future pick
thus, that woman with waist-length orangey hair with split ends i can see a block away is truly missing the point.
there are so many women like this! do they really think they're pulling off a victoria's secret model look? amazing.
which god? are you one of those who claim the nt overrides the ot? the god who drowned his creations in a hissy fit isn't
let's try to keep this debate respectful if we can. there's much scholarly discussion surrounding the *hissy fit* scenario
every 20 aeropresses this is my life
this is my first time and i hope it's not the start of something new because that shit gets *everywhere*.
eva's never seen it, and my viewing tapered off after s4 and was generally sporadic, so first time i've seen it in order.
i'm interested to see where my interest level ends up after s4.
scripture is like a lion. whoever heard of defending a lion? turn it loose, and it will defend itself. ~ spurgeon
great metaphor. it is also dangerous to children and best left alone, like a lion
robert downey jr., scarlett johansson, and others explain why trump is a 'racist coward'
when r u going to start to compare him to hitler?
no. effing way!
it's the picnic scene on stage, and this lady is in her seat checking texts!
twitter gave me a 'sensitive material' warning prior to perusing this pleasing purmaid pic
prob because it's so fucking cute your heart might explode
post themmmm
maybe i will after school :)
, already? it was just spring when the cavs spotted the warriors a 3-1 nba finals lead then, took the title away from them.
spring will be back b4 you know it
thank you, dear darren. : ) xoxo
thank *you* dear ms b :-)
it isn't just a matter of the races being polarized politically and socially: blacks/whites both believe govt is conspiring to destroy them.
. illogic has no color.
which god? are you one of those who claim the nt overrides the ot? the god who drowned his creations in a hissy fit isn't
and some conclude it's a myth intended to tell a deeper truth (pun intended!) about humanity.
fuck them niggas. i'm out this year
i'm going with you
nyc bomber suspect was inspired by isis according to his journal
isis or al-queda? similar but a difference
even if a reporter ends up getting killed, the other reporters will probably blame their colleague.
no doubt. they'll say he/she wasn't sensitive enough.
nah i don't bangs with handicaps and crackheads only artists
same don't scam me. impress me.
i'm not sure what my lord jesus christ has to do with your antisemitism. deflection tactic?
no sweat. i'm sure you're used to being confused.
i hate hillary but bet u can't name one thing trump has done for the american ppl!
in nyc there is monument to vietnam veterans gave matching funds to get built.
leeloo reaches 'w' in her research &amp; watches a montage about war, and she breaks down. i guess she was okay with murder, rape, and slavery.
why are you ruining my one true joy in life.
this morning's bike lane report: 3 stopped cars, two semi-permanent construction sites, one dude reversing half block to park
the guy who put his hand out for me to stop while directing his friend to drive in reverse in the bike lane takes the cake
wonder if garth has made an offer for kuch
well we need a star! we need kucherov.
hillary clinton sat down with zach galifianakis on "between two ferns," his talk-show satire on funny or die:
...and no one cares
happy birthday to legend mike richter!!!
happy birthday to my favorite player, mike richter!!!
pugs are anatomical disasters. vets must speak out - even if it's bad for business | anonymous
so are we advocating that these breeds become extinct?
plane delayed because the first officer is coming from another plane that got delayed due to a broken jet bridge. laguardia!
taking off
i once had a command-z irl dream
ha, every day should be filled with cmd-z daydreams or we're not trying, right?
report: even with new tax plan, trump would rack up more debt
your opinion the experts say otherwise.
finallllly, my favorite season has begun!
too early for rhis pumpkin shit lol its still warm out. still summertime for me until its no longer warm out lol
why is it when you wipe out while at 5am the 1st thing u do is check to see if anyone saw you rather than assess damage. lol
ego hurts more than bones! i had a gnarly fall last week. same thing. "i'm cool"
yea hopefully these high draft picks pan out unless u wanna be the rangers
well barzal has to pan out. has to. you need 3-4 stars on offense to win a cup and a solid dmen
there's always tomorrow
i love you for this
for being chill af, always having my back n always giving good advice, never change gurl &lt;3
awwww omg thanks sweetheart, ur the bestest
i don't think collins is managing the next year. it won't be a firing; it'll be a "retirement." no matter what happens this season.
if this does happen ( i doubt it), i would hope the mets would do bolder than bud 2 winning seasons out 9" black...
. kicks off celebrations &amp; general debate ! watch live
all that is beautiful...
they are heavy / expensive to ship. do you have a top secret way ??
someone who lives in chicago or is driving up can bring their set for you to use. we did that in boston.
yea hopefully these high draft picks pan out unless u wanna be the rangers
can you imagine isles with pieternagelo or dougie hamilton right now. dmen which we do not have.
. are giving away a free pint today to celebrate their 185th birthday ...
happy birthday play with the while you download the pint :winter 1545...
must suspend law professor who publicly demands murder. those who defend him defame themse...
those who excuse violence, arson, looting, assault and vandalism by trying to call it "protest" are complicit, obviously
yeah see i have school in a bit why dont you pull up? i sent my addy
and i gave u mine. the difference between me and u is i'll unleash on you while you run to the cops.
you a bitch if you dont pull up
you been a bitch since birth.
why in the world did i agree to an 8am 3 hour lab class ?????
i guess i was half asleep, i meant a 3 hour lab class at 8am lmao
i'm delighted to announce that my debut novel will be published in january 2017 with . thanks for the...
this is amazing! congratulations!!!
yup. and i imagine it's almost hard to believe any of it happened if you weren't alive then. i can barely believe it myself
i'm shocked about the things i didn't know at the time. like cheney lying to dick armey about saddam having a suitcase nuke!
i'm going out this evening, not all night though... work life lol
cut that out. don't let work life destroy fun life. i'm hanging out tonight with some friends in the city.
not her lmao! entitled hillary whines to union crowd: 'why aren't i 50 points ahead?'
because hillary, you have obama policies, hes campaigning for you, majority of us cant stand him or you!!!
or what about 98% of the rappers that are making over a million a year? do i need to go on?
all those blacks who have been innocent,had no weapon, but were still killed through police brutality isnt oppression?
rt our launch build submitted. 1am 06/22/2016.
congrats reload! can't wait to play it
we do on the direct flights to heathrow. for more information please visit ^stephen
do you offer discounts in cases of major hardship due to family health issues?
with my good friend on today in nyc
teresa you look beatiful! aj as always so handsome!!!
now on to my next big movie: at christmas, foxnews is visited by the spirit of actual news and festoons the crachit home with facts
i'm so glad you're back on twitter, sir. you've been missed
i need sumone 2 help me create a website
we can help you in design and development of your website at reasonable price! visit our portfolio:
performing tomorrow morning on for album release tune in or come out to rockefeller center if you're in...
i'm in nyc but there is this thing called school i have to go to....
in favor for cash transfer than vat exemptions to seniors
. makes sense, but social pensions should be universal, not targeted - key to building political support for reform
everyonegoonyoutube4videos of obamaanti
obama to un:giving up freedom enhances security
well youre a bitch rn so
no bitch over here
occupational status of those arrested for homosexual offences. via
interesting but not that illuminating unless we know the proportions of those roles in the gen pop...
happy birthday . i drove to the big mac museum this morning in your honor. here's a giant fucking sammi...
everyone needs a giant fucking sammich on their birthday! thanks and you're awesome. btw... big mac museum????
i dont like cops pull up rq come on 1 on 1 hands only 3313 edenburg dr theres my addy again
hands only?? that's better.
i would like to eventually be buried with all my half-finished projects but i'm worried they won't all fit.
this is why the egyptians invented pyramids
hate being called teress, tessa, and terry so annoying
what about teebag
love you more, even tho you have yet to text me back
college is changing me
translates into . and that's horrifying. but i suspect you just go around posting that.
ok. i'm trying to feel better about the internet, so i'm trying to improve my responses--&gt;that cat on your twitter is terrific
why you being a sad girl?!
nah it's fine your friend doesn't want one or anything it's fine
we assume mono unless otherwise noted.
you compared z cam to odyssey, no mention of stereo -- that was confusing to me, maybe i just missed it?
i dont like cops pull up rq come on 1 on 1 hands only 3313 edenburg dr theres my addy again
with a weapon you may have had a chance. hands??? yeah no it's lights out for you.
think about this , in canada ps+ is now 10$ more than xbl gold . that takes some balls sony to charge more for an inferior service
you forgot that exclusive relaxing period where gamers can unwind when psn's down for maintenance. sony-always thinking ahead!
when you're stupid and don't check your email to see your 10am class was canceled
did that twice this week lol
obama's america. it could backfire on democrats.
i hope so, its leaning that way, remember the comment, the chickens come home to roost?
the guy who put his hand out for me to stop while directing his friend to drive in reverse in the bike lane takes the cake
only half of the ride, too. i can't imagine washington northbound of atlantic will get a bike lane before it gets a car lane.
not now. airfare doubled, just can't and still go to ca in may.
what's happening in cali in may
so unique! at least there will be fewer people in front of me in line.
the narrative that in-n-out "isn't that good" is one of the silliest contrarian opinions. london lined up for hours.
turned 48 yesterday. birthday started out wonderfully, but turned depressing (parent-teacher meeting at son's school &amp; some other stuff).
happy birthday!
make someone smile whenever you can, you never know how much a difference you could be making in their life at that moment.
this is proof of why i believe in your post wholeheartedly. regardless of how someone treats you alway...
so pathetic how much attention the divorce is getting
you just gave it more attention by tweeting about it
and he did the same thing 2 months ago, when he criticized cops in the alton sterling case, again w/o investigation.
you are making support for le sound like a gang membership. are you not permitted to disagree?
i don't think i'm using the new ios 10 bedtime feature right just yet
doctors recommend 20-27 hours each night so you should really be turning in at 11:10 am fwiw
not on twitter but in person i am
bring popcorn and chocolate tbh
thinking 6-10 ish. i have most experience building tasks for that band. what are nctm bands?
you may have to decide between middle school (5-8) or high school (9-12).
their teacher has cancer and 400+ students went to his house and started singing outside. this is truly amazing
praying for you get we'll
i hope to be known as the premier mohamed hadid instagram researcher
but where's zigi?
what kathy bates brings to an accent is confidence and confidence alone
tally ho garvenor
blog post or article about it?
see it at ! i blogged salesforce as a source already:
pumpkin and apple picking?
clearly lol
the comments by animatedamerican and camwyn are probably the most concise explanation of new york city ever.
new yorkers aren't inherently rude, their politeness is just time sensitive. (also massively unhealthy...)
he may be a nice guy but he's not that great a his job
neither is trump tho lmao
trying out the "accept dms from anyone" option and the crazy q fans are getting our accounts mixed up.getting some really weird shit
losers. you should see the email.
tfw you forget to log into your work email for almost 2 hours and nobody notices and everything is fine
i had a call with my manager two days ago at noon and she told me i'd been offline all day. messenger never auto-logged in...
k. please don't send me any more jew bashing. i won't stand for it.
sorry, missed the part where anyone asked you to join the conversation.
does that mean you're going to bring me coffee?
i heard starbucks delivers now lol
i always have a pang of worry when 'school' comes up on my phone. 'nothing to worry about, just letting you know hector has a splinter'
blimey. i kind of miss when we were at school and they'd just mention it at the school gates!
great! bring any scotsmen you find as well...!
aussie guys are quite awesome as well, just kilt some
today is my nyc anniversary. only new yorkers would invent a holiday to celebrate themselves dealing with another year of this hellscape
more relevant than ever
hey , where did the .mailsignatures files go in sierra? used to be in ~/library/mobile\ documents/....
terminal: find ~/library/ -type f -name "*.mailsignatures"
pertienent mailbag question. what's the better option: playing a not-100% scandrick vs. chicago, or sitting him?
sit him for the season, people have watched mo and carr struggle and want so badly for scandrick to be good, he's really not
ask him why with 14 million in cap room and trading his best defenseman why wasnt the defense addressed
because we're not going to throw money at someone unless it's the correct move. building a winner
if it looks like a duck. moves like a duck. must be a duck.
orange socks a nice touch
i don't want him anywhere near my taxpayer money!- donald trump on using "other people's money" | the briefing
me neither. how can anyone trust him w their $?
are you really heading toward the "atheists make the best tyrants" argument? hitler was christian, btw.
i'm only thinking off the top of my head, not insinuating something about every tyrant. lots of tyrants abused christianity.
sorry to hear that. please follow and dm us the email address tied to your uber account and we will follow up. nj
your driver drove by me and the app said i'm on the trip. i want my $2 commute please.
hey. you guys make me sound like a 85 years old queen who is very difficult to please. come on!!!
the age is wrong but the rest sounds about right, huh
i had a call with my manager two days ago at noon and she told me i'd been offline all day. messenger never auto-logged in...
luckily, i was sending emails like a freak all morning so she knew i was online, but still. damn, computers.
well wya youre still in ny not gunna pull up
i get paid to sit at a desk and wear a nice suit. maybe when you grow up you can get paid too.
. trump need only put 6 women that bill raped / assaulted on the front row &amp; ask hrc to declare them liars
and she only needs to put on his ex wives, mistresses, and the then-13 yr old he tied to a bed &amp; raped
what are you pertaining to?
forget about it! don't judge a book by its cover! my dude! 1
how about a kilted southern bear with celtic ancestry?
does he want to visit oz for a few years
because he threw cops under the bus, that's why.
that's the problem this cult like you with us or against us? if u r wrong why can't a person disagree?
strange twitter circumstance: twitter is telling that he can have his acct restored if he deletes "run them down" tweet.
bigger story is what and utenn will do. public funds. large african-american student body.
i think leddy is better then dougie
i love leddy! loved him on chicago! but hes not a true dmen. , yes. love him but dougie is big
trump supporter hangs hillary clinton in effigy along interstate, says 'vote trump'
uranium "treason" that clinton effigy maker cites is based on a nyt conspiracy
if i had those i would rock them even at night
guess i'll bring them to the barc!!
everybody's getting cats or cool animals and i got the one kind of monkey i never liked whyyy
i got a mole. i want a monkey
man here come the treon references
no sir, not this time. read for yourself.
ladies please don't make the fake freckle things a trend please stop i'm sorry but just don't
lol my shit real
this is a thing? oh my god yes
so the group principally lives here: come on in!
also, if you're going to do it, have some standards. we don't live in a world where a hypothetical y train would ha...
sometimes the y train is a vowel, and sometimes it is a consonant.
looking forward to playing nyc!
awesome. sings better than ever. love it. great show. come back soon
because a guy who has "disdain for women" passes over 2 capable sons to make his daughter ceo of trump org.
perhaps he only respects women who are the 'fruit' of his loins.. or have blood ties? other women don't count. lolol
so i met this scorpio chick and i absolutely love her!
you've got more than i, but when a celeb plagiarizes your premise and excerpts: .
a huge threat to ios's dominance is wechat, facebook, etc creating an inner platform. you lose differentiation from the dev community.
switching over to the mba track?
im not scared of you pussy boy, ya mama even thinks youre a pussy
lmfao. mama jokes?? this is done. i'm not gonna argue with a ten year old.
local tv interviewer asked trump "what changed" about his "birther" views:
what changed? obama is leaving office so there's no longer the desire to persecute him with this false claim.
i'm wide awake and not feeling well. not the best combination.
what's wrong??!! get well soon!
is a thug with a history of marijuana use, domestic violence and harassment charges.
woah woah idfw this bitch but leave weed out of it. bob marley never shot an unarmed man.
i think leddy is better then dougie
teams that have leddy as their best dmen do not make the finals. burns, doughty, keith, letang, mcdonagh...
this is actually our 20th year as a couple. we started dating as kids in high school. 15th year of marriage.
love is wonderful... hooray for l
obama to un:giving up freedom enhances security
isgetting sloppymaskslipsoff&gt;wants2kill
hes too pussy
he's not pussy at all actually
listen there's a difference between sleeping at 4am and sleeping at 10am pls
yeah i can sleep when i'm not working, which for me is like 8:15 - 2:00pm ok!!! and from 5am -6 am.
disgusting harry reid trying to slander trump like he did mitt romney
hes a joke, another po
hmmm, i could take it, but i doubt brian boyle is an answer.
same with me re zucc
hello love &amp; welcome 2 the fam . . . . ....
thanx a lot
a while ago in sf
such a beautiful morning on the west coast! it's nice over here too!
s/o bruh taught me some shit that made me get more in this music shit salute bruh
your welcome brother
do you know if they still require them 2 take this oath...cuz its pretty compelling reason for deport if they break from the oath
of course they do. problem is, what's an 'oath' to many, who can measure their integrity and, what's so help me...god, anymore?
our evolved moral core can also be seen in other social species, who don't have faith-based beliefs (as far as we know).
interesting!
lets see how donald trump and his team are working to earn my vote tod.....oh my god
did you vote for george w. bush, mccain, or romney?
blues have one already
blues have one(taresenko) not enough to win a cup.
thank you for joining our family again. what songs are you still singing out?
basically all of them, but "too beautiful for words" is definitely one of my favorites.
appreciation 2 &amp; othrs4 engaging
our followers make raising awareness &amp; educ abt pediatricstroke cerebralpalsy &amp; all causes &amp; affects that much easier thankuall
and you have a side job of being entertainment at kids parties i see you
nah i have a side job of putting little niggas in check.
happy bday. be safe &amp; stay blessed !!!
thank you
last night: *remembers haircut in the morning* hm better set an alarm jic today: *wakes up at 5:30 a.m. and does not get back to sleep*
i dread many or most human interactions, but hair cuts rank very high up on the list. i'm exhausted and awkward as fuck at small talk. ahhh.
martin luther king junior's niece, dr. alveda king wants the american people to be reintroduced to the american dre...
martin luther king would have been a great president, obama is the great divider that will allow isis to destroy the usa ?
pc gamer will play forza horizon 3 on xbox one, because hdr is better than whatever pc can output
disappointed in what i've seen on pc. looks like they just brute forced a port with a better frame rate. meh. x1 with hdr wins
yo jez folk. would you comment here; it really deserves a bump. extra points to frequent commenters w/ bump powers.
on my phone atm, liked to do when at computer.
sometimes the y train is a vowel, and sometimes it is a consonant.
i got nothing on the a, r and e trains.
which god? are you one of those who claim the nt overrides the ot? the god who drowned his creations in a hissy fit isn't
i'm an orthodox christian who concludes that the nt sheds new light on the ot. jesus is the clearest picture of god.
is one word
one word, just like "monotonous", to describe your music tastes
a court has ruled banning dreadlocks in the workplace is legal. is this a form of discrimination? weigh in.
and what court is that, as long as they r neat , yes that is discrimination
pertienent mailbag question. what's the better option: playing a not-100% scandrick vs. chicago, or sitting him?
sit him for the season is over the top, we need him, but i still will always hate the love he gets. for what?!? i will never know
. are queens of the podcast fade out! also, i loved the queen of katwe review. i must see this!
what's the podcast fade out?
tomorrow on , we have ! anything you want to know about this incredible olympian?
what will he do with his post track career? does he feel responsible to help lift his country out of poverty?
when millions of ppl trust your word, you are not supposed to pass judgment on a case without facts!
so zip up. that's what ppl like about trump his spontaneity no one owns me attitude. thats what's going
breaking: ticket prices increase at the resort
seems like prices just went up
happy birthday pretty!
thanks pretty
how many people are on line? if i went would i still be able to get a wristband?
yeah most likely there aren't that much people here
i'm available to explain. for a fee. and i'm of their generation probably, yet understand you young whippersnappers...
it screams of nbc's approach to rio...we think this is what the kids want. if not, blame the kids.
lmao did you just refer to yourself in the third person
oh you know what third person is?
twitter has unblocked my account on condition of deleting the offending tweet. i've done so, but it's here::
seriously, -fuck'em. -move to
that wouldn't be a shocking answer
game 6, 1997? obv it's game 6, 1994 but he wasn't hc
happy birthday beautiful miss you sm!
thanks babe love and miss you xox
i don't know what it is about the 7 plus (vs. last year's) but i'm irrationally afraid of putting it down on surfaces camera side down.
i usually put my phone down camera side up. ever since my original iphone camera was scratched to hell. force of habit now.
when millions of ppl trust your word, you are not supposed to pass judgment on a case without facts!
to get him elected if he plays his cards right.
she thinks farina is trash. don't mind her, bro.
all that mushy vomit looking crap is trash
attempt made to set a photographer on fire, rescued by police.
people of charlotte demonstrate that they lack intelligence to think independently, show compassion &amp; lead effectively.
they're now in a state of emergency because cops shot a man who's on dashcam coming at them with a gun think about that
isn't that an open carry state? which means you are allowed to carry a gun in your hands. was it an illegal gun? we know nothing
known methods that can validate a belief in a deity. even if the universe needed a cause, it's a long way to proving the
just trying to get at a philosophically rich purpose-and we have to ask the first mover question. it's unavoidable!
i dread many or most human interactions, but hair cuts rank very high up on the list. i'm exhausted and awkward as fuck at small talk. ahhh.
maybe i can cancel the appointment and change my phone number and move to a new town and just shave my head \_()_/
2004 i voted for gwb..... any other questions?
2000? not eligible?
it's interesting following two cycling-heads from far away in bicyclandia aka. copenhagen, where 1/3 (500k) bike every day
people love love their cars here. and business have it in their head that public transportation takes up parking spots so...
when is it the deadline to send my video??
saturday night
watch aljazeera english 1st broadcast 10 yrs ago. what a proud moment some of us looked a lot younger via
i remember watching from &amp; being so impressed. there were more stories about africa in 1 day than cnn covered in a week.
in your opinion, what's the worst video on youtube? might do a thing with your answers. no, not a commentary/cyberbullying thing
any run of the cube video tbh
man. redwall is fucking great.
my family's first dog was named basil stag terrier because we are all nerds.
i nearly pissed my pants
lmaooooo this is comedy
good morning. which model is this for all 3 rings
~ hi chris, these are the venetian-5052 and vw6025. if you need further assistance please reach us here:
yeah that is what i think it was. got overwhelmed and just puked up some of his breakfast.
my dog likes to do that with treats she decided need to be tasted a second time :(
isgetting sloppymaskslipsoff&gt;wants2kill
they're removingisis frny isis terrorists diarytooo&amp;h=deadly
i'm sayin...did you show her the hands when she ordered it medium well?
lmfao jesus no it was her 80th birthday, you kinda gotta let her rock.
i thought he said it was a train tho?
zoom on new iphone is really amazing. you can actually see a piece of on a runway, from the terminal. amazing.
some reports of higher-than-normal battery use on iphone 7s. are you using the speakers? they use a lot of power:
i'd been wondering if the new home button and system taptics were a cause of the higher battery use i've been seeing.
cause is a god, and that the god is *your* god.
true, i can't prove a deity. but it's also mighty hard to disprove the role of god in creating/guiding the world.
i wanna go so bad ugh! and i'm only 10mins away! that's the part that sucks
omgggg get over here now before it gets bigger it's your only chance
performing tomorrow morning on for album release tune in or come out to rockefeller center if you're in...
shawn you should take some pictures with the fans,im going tomorrow morning
hi! i just realized i got someone else's order! what should i do?
. so glad we got this figured out, josie! how was your chicken mac &amp; greens by ?
quote of the day: "turn off the news &amp; love your neighbor"
maybe don't turn off the news forever though
the last little bit of music or speeches or any other cool stuff you do at the end of each episode
yeeeeeeees! thank you!
my patronus is a thestral. a thestral!!!!! i am never taking this quiz again.
i wish there were a question mark emoji for this?
hey my k30 air keeps grinding on its own. suggestions other than exorcism?
call the office 919-383-0761
did you do the math for that claim? also, we don't fly them in the thermosphere. they're in vacuum.
they do fly through the thermosphere to gain orbit but simply don't grasp how diffuse the gas atoms are there.
trump tells lester holt: don't fact-check debates
i.e. "i'm going to lie my ass off and i don't want anyone checking up on anything i say. end of conversation."
and the weeks i savored with duncan, sadie, and natalya
and shes back with graduation and my last field night
have you been tracking what the washington post has been uncovering about trump's foundation? seems like real criminal shit
sure, comparing $billions vs $250k seems legit.
i can tell you your model would've made my husband (from puebla mx) former birria taco business more viable. (...
. we'd love to try what's cooking in his kitchen!
i so want to be there but not in cle happy birthday!!
we know you were there in spirit! see you soon linda!
what are you pertaining to?
sarcasm isn't part of my personality! you're looking for attention in and at the wrong way!
i ain't using the word "ain't" anymore as it ain't a goodie
well, now, that just ain't so.
sounds like it could be either very good, or absolutely terrible. no middle ground with that subject.
yep. some people love it because of all the references, but as a 'book' it's really weak.
shooting a piece entitled "are smartphones making us stupid?"
state of those socks
so much positivity about this idea! let's hope youtube see it and take note!
maybe, i think all youtube employees live in a big bubble where they can't hear their customers
maybe that's what started the best between them
i just checked and namor attacks wakanda in issue 7.
hey my k30 air keeps grinding on its own. suggestions other than exorcism?
call into the office. ask for travis. 919-383-0761
"red herring" argument.
i read atheists and get lots of anger/hate. not from all, but certainly from the main leaders-hitchens, dawkins, harris.
this is me 6 weeks ago - i've lost over 15lbs safely because of this handsome man ...
and we are right ok track beautiful!!!! absolutely love you down and so freakin proud of you!!!!
tn in general has legit bbq. most especially memphis. the meat &amp; 3 joints and hot fried chicken are the specialty here imo.
i'll visit your hell on earth for some of that
robots will wipe out the equivalent of florida's job market in 5 yrs $15 an hour? there will be no jobs! then what?
i think i've you confused with someone else. i met a brigid in alphabet city the other day who discussed your pt.
getting my first meal tonight! do i tip the delivery person or is it included?
. another belated reply here-apologies! tipping is totally up to you. your delivery is fulfilled by our friends at :)
fyi, is one of the ones that vanished.
that's weird bc i'm looking at your channel right now &amp; it says i'm subbed. ok it might be a yt problem then
"if you angle yourself a little more to the right, the light will hit your suspenders in just the right way"
"just make sure your bowtie's straight"
trump has not given up his birther thing. he says his reason for lying he had was to "get on with the campaign". con
trump cannot be held to any standard of truth.
white house staffer's email hacked includes flotus passport
all this is due 2 the fact that hillary clinton had an illegal server n was extremely negligent in her duties.
are you going to be at iodc in madrid? maybe we can find time together there since we missed each other in nyc last week?
not sure. we are organizing a great party over there. but if not point me in nyc again :)
statement from lapd over brad pitt allegations.
ah i'm sure we can trust the lapd.
amazing: trump campaign is requiring supporters to provide government-issued id and a signed nda to volunteer. this...
they wouldn't cover my legal costs of having the nda reviewed so i passed... ;)
trump's ohio campaign chair: "i don't think there was any racism until obama got elected."
right, but it was hillary who actually started it as sec of state ;)
comparing jay bruce to jason bay is an insult to bay. bruce w/mets: .175/.253/.287 bay w/mets: .234/.318/.369
what a horrible tweet
china says it has a new 'ghostly' quantum radar that can spot us stealth aircraft
does it com with souround sound?
on ios 10, go to settings &gt; accessibility &gt; home button and turn off "rest finger to open" to get back the ios 9 to...
it's the first thing we looked up after upgrading. strange choice.
a great program in the greatest city
thank you!
ahah i'm at core dumbass
where da fuck you atttttt
lol he really looks like an habesha
i know right! he needs to do a dna test
i am bloated and have a gas cramp you did this on purpose
no i didnt do it to you on purpose lol. just means your body isn't used to food that early, that's not good.
can this morning get any worse . holy fuck
1st , my mom decides to wake me up 10 mins before she leaves ... mind yall i leave w her .
i switched to a pourover because of this. i do it all the time.
you guys are making me feel much better about myself. i'm not super "klutzy" mcclumsyson! (you are)
westlake daly city?!
no christina on some other shit haha we go to sfsu library!
lmao is this a convo between you and caleb
lololol yes
how could you call my music tastes monotonous? i like opera
99% of people who listen to your music @ social gatherings agree
i'm concerned about these death threats aimed at over his kneeling during the anthem.
you're concerned? you should have had concerned thoughts for all colored people!
she must make hers with burn water
ayeeeee it's phillllll .. nah i just hate the texture .. too mushhyyyyy
me: i'm done entertaining his ass him: hey me:
i am crying this is so good
knicks according to were interested in lin but as a backup to rose. not the ideal spot for him in his prime yrs
for the knicks to say his d was "too gaping" was obviously full of shit if chris was right about interest in him
you the fly one bro looking real gq over there.
c'mon son. i don't got the tailored bape. don't think i don't see you boii, i see you!!
chinese president exchanges congratulations with counterpart on anniversary of diplomatic ties...
what do i do in oakland california? there were 43 impressions, i can listen to a beautiful song. advice?
thank you. what can i say: great cake, great surprise, great singing, great office!
wishing you a very happy birthday!
"gonna look at cute pics of dogs on petfinder to cheer myself up" *60 secs later* "none of these dogs have homes i'm so depressed!!!"
always instagram never petfinder
it would be risky to submit and then find out i couldn't have boards.
i'm from chicago and can almost guarantee a hookup ;)
good morning ny. another lovely day. you may be grimy and noisy but i like you....
and the weather is lovely
it's here my owl is finally here *furiously looks for his login info*
this is the cutest tweet that has ever happened.
good morning, trying to book tour via inside out tours but it is asking for payment card details, will i get changed?? this
credit card is needed to hold the reservation. you will not get charged, as long as you show up for the tour.
i can't totally tell, but hair looks leslie knope-ish
highest praise
what's good with the 5 beats for $10. i hope they not throw away joints. can i here some of ya work.
of course they are throw aways you cant get good beats 5 for 10 bucks
what's good king.
boss i dey ooo... wassup
lmfao mike jesus christ. how could you do that to curie??? she's so sweet and cute :c
they get so excited when they see me and i ignore them to maintain my narcissistic bos personality. curie was my last booty call
belated to the best wife in the world changed my life for the better in every way
woo. cartoonists do get the hottest wives.
lombardi says no one is harder on himself than himself. he spoke with mentor lou lamoriello yesterday, seeking feedback
herb brooks winning with a ragtag team of college kids was the best and worst thing to happen to usa hockey
their shit is so dope
i can't fathom how they place everything together. awesome shit.
what the hell kind of sordid shit is going on behind the scenes to make them drop out one by one like this
doubt it's sordid. c4 made a deal without locking down the presenters - dumb but they'll make their back anyway
i judge authors from what they publish, not their twitter accounts.
but authoritativeness demands trust. someone's untrustworthiness elsewhere should make us reassess the sagacity of their work
maybe if i see him on the quad later i'll tell him hbd
okay thanks. tell him i'm still waiting for my ring
&amp; lastly , as i was getting off the fucking l , i fucking missed a step &amp; fell and someone saw and laughed
&amp; im wearing white fucking jeans
they killed escobar so wth are they gonna do for seasons 3 and 4
probably gonna be about the cartels that were fighting for his spot and his family running away
all the people i would ever want to hangout with will end up in hell with me so i'm good with that.
jake and i have a good friendship with el diablo. i'm sure he'll turn on the ac for us
okay guys i need your help!! my harley quinn shorts fabric came today!! so smash thirstday as usual or creative cosplay day??
harley sewing
charlotte protester explains why she is protesting
fat broad is full of crap!
they're removingisis frny isis terrorists diarytooo&amp;h=deadly
obamaput1in5isis frsyriainny&amp;shariamosque&gt;uesny
. farrakhan will never be a coon and he said: 'i never endorsed mr. trump or any of the candidates' link:
facts. not a formal endorsement at all. meanwhile, a nice nod of approval. i like farrakhan but not trump lol
about to start this season premiere. already seen some spoiler shit on ig. i'm pissed.
i was watching it during the premiere and someone i know immediately started tweeting spoilers like bruh
agreed. but you have to pick and choose wisely. not everyone is deserving of ur business and not everyone is expected to forgive.
you have someone to vent to, but choose the person least to judge or talk back.
how can her mishandling of email be as bad as a racist bigot?
she's known for her own racism. no winners there sadly
i just want to sit wearing my tux and tie without pants o-
pants are overrated!
get a grip young man. hill's doing fine. obama's opponent wasn't the devil incarnate.
- im with ya- hopefully she can expose his ignorance even more monday night
i hate my dominican ass coworker only smokes zigzags .. cause like she drives me to work but i'm just giving her bud to smoke
cause i can't do no zigzags .. she gets mad hype as if i'm a good person naa
also a literary agent should just sign a monkey to randomly hit keys, wait infinite time for shakespeare
monkeys typing shakespeare as rival to google machine learning
we have no more time we're already invaded ...
yep. for some reason is trying to do the same to the usa.
thank you darren that is so a sweet, happy thursday to you too dear
you're very welcome. thank you so much kim. you're a friend. and a gem :-)
speaking of age, when is your birthday nathan?
february 28
john delaney: "i had no knowledge of or involvement in anything to do with tickets for the rio games"
remind me to issue a "no one believes you" statement to the press later today, will you?
have a great time!! hopefully sometime in the near future we can be in the same city at the same time, talkin' crime and stuff!
we will definitely make that happen!
game 6, 1997? obv it's game 6, 1994 but he wasn't hc
just listen later pal
it already is. mike, jerry, and i are all different stereotypical kinds of cats you meet
no. you are people. well, two of you are people. not so sure about the third...
chinese tech mogul behind grindr is $1.14 billion poorer after divorce
prenups men! she don't look that damn good
how would one email daphne?
rather how would one get into contact with daphne?
oh plz moles can fuck shit up when you least expect it. what do orangutans do?
i think they're pretty smart, and they can swing from trees
you speaking for blacks is gross negligence! whites in the house blocked everything obama tried to do for b...
like what ?
7. i have other recurring nightmares, but they're common. i haven't heard anyone mention this one. anyone recognize it?
clearly anxiety dream re things not attended 2. have them frequently re college--papers not turned in, etc. graduated yrs ago.
my gods
from the goddess herself thanks playa
describe yourself in 3 fictional characters
haha you just went crazy.
yea, cause the black order(?) was looking for something and namor told them it was in wakanda.
that is from infinity.
eh i feel like it won't be the same
me either but hopefully they can make it really good. i guess we'll see
charlotte: rioters drag white man through parking garage - sick! via
hillary got it right when she called them "super predators" without conscience, must be brought to heels
the difference between "leader" and "learner" is just two letters. you can't be the former without the latter.
the difference between duck and fuck is just one letter. you can't be the former without the latter. or something.
no cop has ever told you that lol
thats the stupidest thing on the valley of the stupid i ever heard! ur taught to shoot center mass!
obamaput1in5isis frsyriainny&amp;shariamosque&gt;uesny
&amp; radislamistsharia museum&amp;condosin9/11groundzeroreadyin2018
good morning cuties
heyyy morning cutie
thanks, we're on it!
back up: thanks for your patience!
nyc mayor de blasio warns trump that 'stop and frisk' isn't the way to go:
when warren defoggg speaks, one hears...
pleased as punch to announce that will be our new managing editor! everyone say "hi carl"
congrats!!!
tony ralph of keynote explains why ad blocking might be the key to inciting progress
some cool perspective on blocking (and a great graphic on load times!)
been there for over 2000 murders in '91 &amp; for under 400 this year! it ain't magic. high crime areas=stop/frisk?
yes, but trump remarks are without subtlety -- mentioning reasonable suspicion, etc. watch his fox &amp; friends clip from today.
(it asked me to join or log in to continue. maybe you already were?)
omg guys my patronus is a rottweiler my patronus is literally that rottweiler review
today is white girl christmas. get out those cardigans, scarves, uggs &amp; chug a pumpkin spice latte! happy...
lol i love my uggs tho...so comfy. i don't even care.
tony ralph of keynote explains why ad blocking might be the key to inciting progress
can we get the load times graphic as a link?
my impression is that this device will not be touch screen, so it'll be different than that type.
i have a focus 14 and find it does all that they describe - it's just a matter of price
elf is giving out free makeovers today on wall st!!!!
i wish i could've stopped but i have to go to class :/
who wants to come over and make deep fried oreos with me tonight
chocolate fucking wasted
that thing everyone agrees is shitty? it's actually great and you're too much of a piece of shit to understand: my internet think piece
haha. i wrote a rant along those lines on an instagram post last night... then thought better and started over.
no cop has ever told you that lol
in other words you are taught to shoot till threat is stopped. crnter mass/vital organs
why you fuckboys gotta suck
cause we all fuck boys
opsss sorry hun i beg your pardon
oh now u bring me chocolates.alas i don't know if mycan forgive
that's because she really doesn't care would she cooks me. lol.
listen buster, i try very hard to cook great meals for you. phhh!
join in posting image every hour i care what he's hiding! hold accountable
dirty donald show us your taxes what do you have to lose
why are pdf clas prevalent, though? can't they just be a text file to contribute to in the repo?
my guess: lawyers like the digital signing vs untraceable plain text
she seems into me.
does she not know its a parody account??
patriots te rob gronkowski telling teammates he will play sunday
that's great except that new england plays tonight
i'm gonna be watching the raid race from the sidelines tomorrow. i've enjoyed going in blind when it drops, but just watching is gonna be
i'm looking for 1 person for a blind run tomorrow at 1. forward me anyone who's worth the challenge.
givin' this guy access to the u.s. treasury is like givin' a weasel the keys to the hen-house.
worse than ?
journalist writing paper on tb for eiu looking for patient perspective. please contact andreachipman1.com
let's get in touch
has anyone tried cognitive behavioural therapy? did it work for you?
i had a cbt in london. she was fantastic. you do know this therapy is short term, right?
watch: donald trump makes appeal to black voters; gop nominee promotes "stop and frisk" policy
still wasting your time,
are you really heading toward the "atheists make the best tyrants" argument? hitler was christian, btw.
not sure if hitler loved his enemies or prayed for the ones who sought to harm him-maybe the praying, but not the loving.
damn this is a really tough week for picks
agreed. you should ask for some picks.
happy birthday to this baby bear!!!
thank you so much mama bear you're the best!
good thursday to you my friend with
digging a very healthy beauty!
we're literally wannabe bloods
i think were j sexy
no cop has ever told you that lol
which causes instant flaccid paralysis.no cop shoots in the keg and no cop told u that genius!
you're so sweet dear, thank you
thank *you* dear friend :-)
are you really heading toward the "atheists make the best tyrants" argument? hitler was christian, btw.
hitler led the slaughter of around 6 million jews-and millions of christians too.
i'm more excited for fixer upper season 4 than a potential arrested development season 5.
aaron every episode of fixer upper is the exact same
i'm not talking about from you..... from rival fans
ah, my bad. i apologize for the early morning snark.
of course, k6 too!!! there will be a seismic shift of badasses this weekend in the rockies!!
look fwd 2 pics &amp; tales!
the fight of carson wentz
was going to title this dr. strangewentz or how i learned to stop worrying and love the ginger
go check this tasty preview out. yours truly produced the whole thing (and the music to boot!). enjoy! i'm...
it is great to watch him all the time on pbs, kevin shirley. it was on last week in new york channel and also i got my dvd.
i have a focus 14 and find it does all that they describe - it's just a matter of price
it's a fine aspirational hackathon project, but to solve this problem directly, ms could invest in existing products
is that calftone package going out with every calftone head?
jk i'm pretty sure those are care packages not bundles for sale lol shucks. love the vibe, (might) need to try the head!!!!
taken me a long time but just clocked the ride of the valkyries in this cover art. (so much time for de...
speaking to the vernacular, this is why we have coffee mugs that read "fail better" and stuff like that, lose-to-win
trump pulled an "obama" and should be called out on it.
u do t get it, who's vote does he need now? more slick willie
i wanna play with them so badly
we have to get our babes together. you will love them!
sooo if julie would have read my key first y'all would be mad at someone else? i love y'all but y'all are being extra. missed y'all tho
no you just voted wrong. point blank and the period. its ok we will be over it in like 3 days tho. ps we hate paulie 4 lyfe tho
new will have a lightning port calling it!
it doesn't actually fix anything for me since i use bluetooth headphones on my phone and 3.5 mm on my computer.
sid is good. settling in well. we are just outside dc while we are looking for somewhere to live.
if you need any help my friend used to live there and she knows lots of people so can get the low down if you need
land of taxila, one of the greatest learning centers of ancient times, is now host to the ivy league of terrorism -...
great answer
rather see isles have 3 lines scoring vs 1 high scoring line. makes it harder for teams to shut down the offense
not saying no but look at the teams who make/win finals. usually have 3 offensive stars and 1 big d
september reference:
every time you have to point out it's a reference, a kitten dies.
lmfao i'm probably annoying as fuck but i keep using the digital touch message so much
me too!! i love it
did you meet the love of your life
can't lie i might have. this guys malik, i'll keep you updated
yes, yob. what a perfect day for nets to give away lin bobbleheads! you know your uncle nat's bd?
nah uncle nat's bday was so long ago it probably doesn't exist anymore lol
breaking news ricky bobby just admitted he is a shill a liar and a nfl winning fan not a real fan of the raiders
ricky bobby is a troll
did or respond to talebs criticism?
i don't see any. but taleb's criticism that i've seen has just been an incoherent draft.
&amp; radislamistsharia museum&amp;condosin9/11groundzeroreadyin2018
&amp;largestinmegamosqueinmaryland wisis's
you speaking for blacks is gross negligence! whites in the house blocked everything obama tried to do for b...
sharpton, obama and the rest of black so called leaders played blacks for fools whilst they get rich , wake up fool
anyone who assumes is corrupt or dishonest based on 30-year rovian frames pushed by corporate media hasn't done their own research.
i almost choked on my coffee from laughing..u better list your house soon because that bitch is done on nov. 8th..
i don't think we read the same article...
oh, that could be. i meant to refer to this:
, have you looked at these before?
have not seen them. nice.
you're already on your second j aren't you
you see right through me directly to my soul, don't you
i am really enjoying that feeling of "proud platoon" on the books. curious to see how the phantom rin...
how is green lantern now? i dropped if after left.
what happened to summer? 41 degrees, had to put on pjs!
diiiiickpriiiint (said like homer simpson's "doughnut" or "pork chop")
because why
bc i shouldn't have to do it first
i'm a giving person and i believe i'm loyal to anyone i consider a friend
funny, i just had this same convo w/ sami about ppl we thought were loyal &amp; you came up. lol
why the h8-it's okay to have different opinions but instead of having a fight why don't u
tell that to the little moron who is desperate for any attention. my tweet had nothing to do with whatever it is...
. hearing on record keeping - live online here:
makes me want to vote for more &amp; more every time he speaks
thanks for tuning into my morning show w/ ! here's the link to the ep. shrek, re7, pokemon go &amp; more:
also, i've been told that &amp; i did our daily dose of x-men chatting in this ep about the deleted mall scene.
is he serious or is this sarcasm? really! we have . this is a hoot! ...
i just tweeted under his idiotic posting...how does that moron have 30k followers..holy shit...lol
so proud of this guy. what a year. &amp; . 1/2 an egot in 2 months. thanks for having me alon...
sheer brilliance!
i look at this and wonder why armed police are involved at all.
we are addicted to policing in this country.
anyone know of a great objective-c developer that does freelance ios work? pm me with any contact info
we build ios apps! our recent work: please inbox details to leads.com (212) 209 1537
when is this?
showings between oct 6th and 9th. the whole festival seems dope.
i don't see any. but taleb's criticism that i've seen has just been an incoherent draft.
in their defense of models, &amp; get very specific on why they made choices, and...
maybe "your boy" would've won if he watched more seasons don't talk shit about ppl and expect a vote
no the jury was just stupid and fragile and very fucking stupid
good point: for that reason, i'm surprised it's only 3%. americans are getting soft.
getting soft? u can say that bc ur in brazil but it's true! they're robbing us of r essence w/fluoridation in r water!
watch parts unknown episode from nashville this october. my favorite place is featured on there.
fuck i love that show! i think he hit up nashville before and my mouth was drooling.
disappointed in what i've seen on pc. looks like they just brute forced a port with a better frame rate. meh. x1 with hdr wins
so no hdr on pc?
hey u.s. senate, this is why no one likes you. via
worst congress in american history. isis knows ???
buying off politicians for chump change to avoid being investigated for fraud. shrewd businessman
1st it would be better than being the one getting payed of like hillary, and 2nd read this
shh. the magnetic fields are in rehearsal. here is your instrument of the day. tour dates:
what is that? looks like a bass ukelele!
i know i know, the weather hasn't caught up yet but hopefully it's just around the corner
ill be glad when its 90 degrees out here again. think im going south for the fall n winter
very mean and nasty hot sauce i made - 50% shredded carrot, 50% habanero and cayenne, fermented once with brine and...
brining it in the first batch is like a programming language being implemented in itself?
that is called your unconditioned response
sounds like someone is taking psychology this semester
i have never seen so much anger in this country. it is truly heartbreaking. what can be done to bring back our unity?
michael is a racist....u need to take control of the dialogue and next time let kevin speak!!!!!!!!!!!
oh my god i turn my phone off for two hours and all hell breaks loose
turn your fucking phone on
the clinton's job give paid speeches to companies that donate period!
its a way of covering pay to play
i really gotta turn that location setting off
it was so convenient when u were driving to my house all the time
left the house before 7am today and my question to you is how does anyone drive at this time without killing kids
did you go by washington / partridge? it truly is a test of character.
it surprises me that so many progressives actually believe that 75-year old bernie sanders would be doing better than hillary against trump.
he seems to be in better health than hillary.
good morning. i never heard back from you; let me know if i can be of assistance. have a wonderful day. ^jes
all i stated was that you should warn your card members about these "momentum reviews" where you card is suddenly shut off
in their defense of models, &amp; get very specific on why they made choices, and...
...are willing to entertain contrary ideas without insulting them. opposite of how approaches truth.
wait, what? i thought you were from california?
i moved here 2 years ago from chicago.
so it's okay to slander a cop, just go get black votes?!? reprehensible.
i welcome you to the new world order!
imma sit here &amp; dissect this usher hard ii love album but i have a feeling the only good song will be rivals that he gave us weeks ago. .
i've heard good things! i'm gonna give a listen over the weekend
ios 10 has removed the ability to broadcast video from the phone to an apple tv. you can only mirror now. that sucks...
it's still there. just ion a different location. not intuitive.
should be brought up on federal charges for encouraging people to riot?
bcos i called out this sub-human for being ignorant &amp; bullish, he blocked me
it _is_ compact. do you use it capped? i wanted to get this, but uncapped it's very hard to write with.
yes, &amp; it sits well; i use it daily. that one's a beauty, i only gaze at things so exquisite, i think i...
here's to hopefully a better day
you got this!
all facts tho
word? that's lit. i might have to take part in that.
welcome to america! idiot! a trump campaign chair in ohio says there was 'no racism' before obama
wtf asinine twatwaffle
you are sooo pretty
aww thank you!
miss you a lot , be safe out there in the bity
miss you too shorty, see you soon?
all i stated was that you should warn your card members about these "momentum reviews" where you card is suddenly shut off
even if you have never missed a payment and have a good credit score
a smart person would offer to rollup for her and just pull out the backwood
u gotta understand the type of dominican she is she don't speak english &amp; she be like noo puedo fumar! dame una maldita zigzag
come back soon i'm craving some of that braised pork shoulder
our downtown brooklyn store not too far!
skipped el cap. should i update my buggy, dying work laptop to sierra?
universal copy paste is worth it alone.
good lookin bruh. my tape comin. it's gon fuck the game up. definitely appreciate the love
i'm def on the look out for that ep..&amp; it's all love keep me posted bro
oh hey. is gone on mine too. i'm calling a yt bug then. prob show back up later.
why does yt have so many god damn bugs!!!! and that sob isn't showing up either lol
nathan: yob and i share the same birthday, jan 15.
you're in good company jane
and if you don't want it to bother you, just filter the read receipts to automatically go to the deleted folder.
lmfao for real tho. i should do that!
again, live tweeting isn't gonna appeal to everyone and him saying it was 'boring' isn't necessarily him dismissing its impact either.
sometimes people aren't going to validate us. it's really ok.
ok for me to call you?
sure want to call me in about an hour?
no photo credit huh? k.
you think i remember who took that picture?
so only the votes of white ppl matter this election ?
you can't make this shit up. msm playing on race to keep ratings up
i havent been following this brangelina drama but no clue it was allegedly marion cotillard lol and why would they...
lmaoo these pictures are awful
when you are you back? i have an order
i have en made, heading back to my apartment
congratulations , you're on our radar this week!
so gorgeous
yes, but don't like trading for the same position
what are your thoughts on blount tonight?
because the cities want to get rid of bad publicity. most of those cases were found with cops not guilty.
omg. that is the most stupid thing i have ever read here. they paid billions for wrongful deaths! they are guilty!
i swear this is irvin no gas
right!!!! i always think it's me too
happy birthday aims. miss you lots as always and can't believe we've been friends for over 6 years now enjoy 19 m...
lmao ew this pic but love u thanks for sticking around
the only life that matters is mine. remember that
as far as i know, you're a bot
i spent about 30 minutes ranting to an irish relative about burritos before she stopped me to ask what burritos are
thin bread with beans and beef instead of cornbeef. there i just saved you.
to me it shows weakness. if your the boss take responsibility for your actions.
she tried as always to ride both lanes. that's why she's struggling. nobody trusts her
follow who is in/on his way to
btw, niece, is a video journalist with . covered a lot last nt
you can always trust my recs, just like you did with and ! you're welcome, my friends!
are you stroking out lorna?
autumn is finally here
which means our birthday is coming up soon
buying off politicians for chump change to avoid being investigated for fraud. shrewd businessman
1st it would be better than being the one getting payed of like hillary,and 2nd read this
"to autumn" by
why does autumn sing of summer?
love too discuss cpt and icd9 codes and know the ins and outs of various dx codes.
need the date of service on this one please. tell me more about the contractual adjustment
i'm aware of no existing product except the bn touch captureing print and providing braille output in one unit
i see what you mean. i overlooked the ocr piece thinking that was more mature and cheaper than portable braille displays
should be brought up on federal charges for encouraging people to riot?
listen joe, is evil, a race baiting pimping ignorant person, i ignore him always
he better pay for mine too fuck
you're not my hoes. you weren't even invited. thirsty ass
so what you're basically saying is don't allow kids to have fun unless its "safe"
if you want your kids growing up with concussions at such young ages, then you do you
i'm dancin, to the sound of my words in the crowd too high to come down so let me see your hands in the air
*hands in air*
just noticed this in 'saints and sinners' bellshill. yous got about on the visit hh
ha ha thanks mate we sure did! it was like the rolling stones on tour. hh
get ready for the biggest yet when the guys partner with for a 2-hour live season f...
where will this be ???
ok but fyi mine is the biggest so far therefore the best. remember that always.
shouldn't u have gotten black cat tho
where u in city in 1991? i was working in midtown in penn sta. and the city was a sewer. graffiti, robbery, murder-bad stuff!
. sure. and if we want to keep it safe, we don't want trump advocating for "stop and frisk" with absolutely no context.
only for usa right now. the nitro api possibilities here are endless! gslb site failover but...
has a nitro api connector and have tons of examples of how to trigger a flow from these buttons
love my coffee,liza! my personal favorite that i drink daily is cafe bustelo! awesome stuff! may do yours also!
go with what you love. that's all that matters.
omg yes to this :)
it is so incredibly rich to brain pick about diversity i have no more patience it's 2016 hi meet google
mercury stationary direct 1:31am today. now i get it. state of emergency in charlotte, cops in riot gear, sickening.
be safe! just woke to news. triggers. hello fall. called it! jets here..peace and safety to s. c.
love getting a pounding headache right before i'm about to fall asleep for the first time in almost 48 hours!
you've never been awake that long in your life
really good, start with hal jordan &amp; corps, but also try green lanterns for the new team!
sounds good. has been recommending it too, so i am intrigued.
welcome to america! idiot! a trump campaign chair in ohio says there was 'no racism' before obama
yeah no racism in 60s, uh huh, i lived in baltimore then, no racism my ass
well okay, , thanks for doubling down in your email response to me &amp; insulting me in the process.
sending so much love to you tristina. i see you and your id doesn't need a content warning.
bay was a 1.5 war player in mets career, bruce at -1.0. if bay had multiple "horrific years" it would be worse no?
he's worse than everyone since he got here. let's compare his numbers to tebow while where at it
you are a lost cause. the only cult here is yours.
of course. jesus love you
umm, no...he flat out convicts in his tweet.
no, he alleges. he doesn't have to say that he is doing it! the jury convicts.
so what you're basically saying is don't allow kids to have fun unless its "safe"
you can get hurt doing anything, really. but football in particular messes with the brain most
old peruvian proverb: critizise (constructively) a man's work not a man's shadow.
if a man comes to work regularly to launch crude and simplistic insults, being a douche *is* his work and it ain't no shadow!
rabbi, you were kind to bother answering that 14 follower troll.
not kind. annoyed. angry.
i love drunk and
welll love you tooo of course sorry about that late night call
i'm torn so far cause it's like the vocals are there but i can sense the "trying to keep up with the times" vibe.
oh nooooo. that's really what i didn't want. matter fact. let me see if i can listen now
i've updated my retrospective with more detail and added a table of contents. now opiates and rest.
thanks for sharing your story with us.
i see what you mean. i overlooked the ocr piece thinking that was more mature and cheaper than portable braille displays
i think a big problem for braille displays is that so few people use them. ocr has better economy of scale.
love the shirts you sent! thank you!!!
sorry there was only one xl!
looks like the nhl took over all team sites with one layout.
i'll bet there's some mlbam influence on that...
worked frm 7pm-7am ..i hv a test at 9am class until 4pm ..then i hv rehearsal4tavia show at frm 7-8,then i work frm 9pm-9am im dead already.
please send me good vibes4 this midterm not going2lie its not my strongest subject and i cnt think straight when i dnt sleep
can you record on saturday i hit your boss .... we have it then(2-4) can you make some by then?
i'll be there ugh
i am so so excited ahhhhhhh!
girl there's a few i'm so excited for you to see!!
suicide squad's success was mainly because of social media. it's not live tweeting but still.
still bit gonna win an oscar though.
saw this the other day, no idea how it's that price. it's been doing great over here
how much is it of it were american, i cant figure out jk currency lol
should be brought up on federal charges for encouraging people to riot?
for , he has not failed to use any opportunity to push this race nonsense. really shameful
happy birthday to my girlfriend. i love and miss you so much bb
thanks baby lysm
is not a disease it's caused by brain malformation or braininjury b4 during aft birth infants toddlers kids
dyk w disabilities are funny smart witty creative love dance sports music comics tech playing friends they're kids
and attempting to throw a guy onto a fire.
they're out of control! and pushing reporter on the floor. no excuse for violence.
and shes back with graduation and my last field night
battle of the bands where i was the instate and got insanely drunk
nice b&amp;w filter! good to have you for 2nd year in row!
thank you, glad to be back! so many great learnings i take away from this event :)
i lowkey hate him but if it makes her happy, then same!
i honestly just love it bc she was obsessed with him &amp; i like that he is into her crazy crybaby shit lmao
trying to download items and keep getting this error. i emailed support. easy fix?
please download a fresh installer from here:
i cannot understand why anyone does this. is the wifi in heaven good?
according to the good place, probably.
working together at the festival
thx for a wonderful day at our tennis center!
so proud to have - a canadian rn on this initiative
thanks peggy. the panel i was on with the ceo of and others were all amazing how small and influential we r
shut yo fat ass up ugly ass nigga
you looking like a cracked out fagged out version of justin bieber &amp; you have the nerve to talk to me? somebody get there stray
so no hdr on pc?
nope. theyre hoping the developer patches it in later. but it won't be there day one.
it's video/ photos..... go on, they're harmless
can people see if you click on their button?
happy birthday i love and miss you sooo much! hope your day is amazing
thank you sm boo love and miss you
let's not even touch on it today lol
lmao, we'll leave it in the corner with race &amp; politics then
oh my gosh don't say that!!!
its true though i dont lie
people just don't like the clintons.
yep. now we can debate why but when you start at 52% unfavorability you got a problem
pretty much. i'm going to be the 1 person bundled up on a 70 degree day
maybe the altitude will offset - working harder / body warmer?
one of the earliest things i wrote about trump was about how leftist pc was fueling his rise. and here we are, agai...
it certainly isn't racism fueling his rise, no. must be leftist pc. not tell-it-like-it-is divisionism
ask oracle. they're the ones who are donating it. is just happy to help any communities who will try.
i'm concerned "any" "community" who will "try" appears to be turning in practice into "apache means abandonware".
'it can't continue': calls for 'stop-and-frisk' policing ...
isis will fix america's race problem by using nuclear waste pressure cookers ???
introducing an insider's guide to effective linkedin campaigns via
thanks for sharing!
not suggesting it'd have been painless. react ecosystem had issues too. just passing the question.
imo they enjoy significant similarity in onboarding and maintenance
i love mine bc it's satisfying lol but i can't really identify any particular traits i share/connect with????
brave//charismatic//romantic
even without the ocr a revolution in what makes the braille cells would go far.
yes! i'd like to even find applications for them for sighted users so that they are in more demand overall.
mercury stationary direct 1:31am today. now i get it. state of emergency in charlotte, cops in riot gear, sickening.
sorry . north carolina
incredibly cute animal illustrations by sydney hanson
awww adorable
had a great , but time to head home. thanks to all who attended my sunday session. i look forward to next year!
safe travels
here's that full bite of don king's "i meant negro" moment from just now in church...
ali, can you point me to 's "outrage" for larry wilmore's use of this word in front of president obama? i can't find it! help
for those who couldn't attend the sessions, can get videos?
we will do an online webinar of the 12c and forms to session next month!
you should market that space
the million-pixel forehead
. throws some cold water on the "reversion-to-mean" hypothesis.
yeah but harry's 'next week' is really this week, understandably so. think he wrote that too soon.
i discovered my patronus is a nebelung cat on j.k. rowling's . find yours:
wtf is a nebelung cat and also omg my anxiety the questions are timed
i should have gotten a cat patrons bc i know nothing abt dogs
maybe you didn't get greyhound the dog but instead got greyhound the bus company?
per , carson wentz has the highest completion percentage against the blitz of any qb in the nfl at 84.2%.
per , stats provided by stats llc :
"what's the best way to reach you, email?" this is very, very funny.
it was, until you just ruined the best punchline
here's the insane story i posted yesterday:
2011 radio hit trump said: obama might be muslim birth announcement computer generated "very proud" to be birther
this is why what you do, what does, what does is really important. stand in the gaps.
thank you love!
i never thought i would read "death of birth" in a resume ever again, but it just happened. (s/death/date/)
this has happened to you before?
i never thought i would read "death of birth" in a resume ever again, but it just happened. (s/death/date/)
who puts dob on resume these days.
asap. you can keep updated with your worldtracer reference on the following link 4/4 ^l
we did that and it is pretty useless
the ocean' no place for a squirrel
ocean's* leave me alone i'm half asleep
thats messed up man, we worked out together no need to insult :/
i'm only kidding lol gota get another workout together
wouldn't be murder. if they would have stopped, those people would have caused them severe harm.
it's murder. you're advocating murder
hillary clinton wants roughly $550 billion in new taxes and fees over the next decade, report finds...
all for her ????
, thanks for following us!
our pleasure! let's make an impact together!
. makes a casual stop to the press bus while we wait on the tarmac. thanked us for being here, says he'll...
tell him the candidate running for white supremacist in chief has enough racist memes for the next couple hours.
thanks dude
always. see you at campout
did he fall asleep?
i bribed him cheerios and bananas to hang out it worked for a while
looking forward to seeing you, ben!
who's ben? lol it will be great to catch up with you both!
win a signed copy! _____ i hope you can make it out to one of my tour stops! visit ...
get it girl!!! xxx so proud of my cali girl xx
who are the "cameron is out - obama next" people?
good eye. there were some larouche protestors, but i think only by coincidence.
that's so sick
love them!!!
went to the reading of a friend's play last night. the room was full of queer poc and i haven't felt so at home in a thousand years.
there is so much i love about publishing. my editor. my agent. my friends here who are marginalized, or make welcome space for folx who are.
thank you ducky ilu too!!!
it's your birthday??!?! happy birthday!!!
with better eyebrows as well
i'd don't know if i'd go that far.
i'm really here for marshawn lynch
the world needs more marshawns.
ghost in the shell looks like it might be bad, but i'm desperate for some good cyber punk so i'll take what i can get
nothing like waiting years for disappointment
eph 3:20: now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his power that is at work within us,
+god is able 2 make all grace abound 2 u, so that in all things..having all that u need, u will abound in every good wk
you got 21 followers shut up you use pic art to make a photo collage for yo avi cmon now
you do this shit for followers. i do it for boredom. i used instasize. shut up and use ur allowance for something worth while.
grabbed an old ski jacket out of the closet and found a butterscotch candy in me pocket...
lol omg stop.
let's say that was u &amp; me &amp; i needed ur vote but u hated me to the core u would still vote 4 me? hell no u wouldn't!
i hate everyone in the world except myself and dogs and renny martyn so i cant relate to this
...address, confirmation code, full name and dob. we'll take a look! 2/2
you guys are so responsive, thank you again. i will dm
. "her only message is her ambition to get the presidency."
and she will go to any means to get elected, legal or otherwise!
. he also said "trump will take america to hell on a rocketship"...definitely not an endorsement..lol...good day bro!
farrakhan hates america and i understand why
hillary is now following the "leader" trump! copy cat no leadership!!
revelation!! both trump and hillary have good intentions!! hillary has failed!! trump's chance now!!
shoot us a dm. it's important that we are all on the same page. :) *nicolet
i'm currently being assisted now. thanks! :)
just a trip to see the west with my sweetie on our anniversary
enjoy i've lots of pointers on socal if u want when ready
cute i've been doing that year round no matter the heat 8)
i know mice can't regulate body heat well so.. uxu bunderstandable
lol what is too sexual for spin? why are we here??
this was the only sexy video in the whole playlist perhaps the marilyn manson one was too but it was v...
bought shares of through and
here is a meme
now departing for california.
still waiting for the tickets.....
i'll play on both- be nice to play on laptop on go and console at home
yeah that's what im planning on doing
nice to see syntax helping!
or 3x # of parameters? :/
oh! sweet. well if you think you could hook up group whiteboards that helps my planning process immensely.
sending out some emails now - will let you know. is also in the vicinity of chicago.
and attempting to throw a guy onto a fire.
i heard they were finally called in?
so higher ed institutions will have to fight harder to attract students and attract/retain faculty/staff.
anecdotally speaking, no shortage in urban centers profs want to go to: boston, nyc, chi., la, dc, etc
once you listen hit me up you know i love music debates.
okay! here for it. i'm one song in. i'll hold my comments until the end
i would like to believe that it's at least distilled and treated to eliminate these things... no?
not necessarily; depends who you ask! google it. very political tap water w/a filter is a good idea! reusable bottle, too.
natalie said she'd vote for a girl over a guy a million years ago, if victor was up there i guarantee you she'd have voted for him
she didn't like paul as a person and respected nicole's game. you can disagree with that but stop diminishing it to just gender
now you can suck dick in public, right ?
i didn't like mouth eat i i broke off pieces
as bought in 2014 for the 6...
that was courageous and forward thinking of you.
oh man.... okay should i productive and do laundry &amp;i go shopping, or should i focus on "my career"
that wasn't even english, 2k wins
you're gonna fav my stuff but you're in class? okay
i hate this class :)
it's pillar time!
awesome. pillar doesn't know what hit them.
i hope y'all like today's ep! we recorded in the same room, so the audio's not quite as crisp as i prefer, but it should still be fine!
heh, the bit with the town obsessing over avi reminded me of a star trek voyager episode. probably a coincidence, but nice!
i haven't caught up with clinton yet but i did catch trump on the campaign trail. catch sun...
just look at all these deplorables! what an inspiring sight!
you deadass don't get to tweet this from nassau county, b
i go to school in nassau, great try though
and attempting to throw a guy onto a fire.
where's obama trying to keep the peace? he's such an ass hole
wait till you see david berry as ljg act and he can sing [he is in a band] &amp; play violin! wish ljg was kilted.
oh right he is australian
attention fans send me your question for harry carson now!
how good was carl banks in super bowl xxi?
it's humorous seeing people talk about now being a perfect time for the pixel (nexus) phone to take off and "this is the year of nexus!"
i've *lurved* past nexus phones but with what samsung is doing and the iphone 7 being so they really feel doa this year.
i really, really, really, really, really, really like you.
then just come out of the closet
that's right, keep your head up joe joe!
once i get this shmoolah, you can can help me step up my high fashion look
notifications are bad
they're so chunky
well, yes, that too
they don't call me "captain obvious" for nothing.
there is so much i love about publishing. my editor. my agent. my friends here who are marginalized, or make welcome space for folx who are.
but i don't love how lonely it is when prominent folks &amp; even some close colleagues don't see or acknowledge how unwelcome they make you.
it's going to be weird when almost immediately after the election, donald trump is on trial for fraud.
and rape, is that right?
if you didn't know what it was, what would you do? would you have to go look it up? it's a barrier, aka inaccessible
not so good on a screen reader, either
that's not something to joke about. you will have ppl monitoring your stuff, if you know what i mean. that word no joke.
im tweeting from guantanamo so im not worried
revelation!! both trump and hillary have good intentions!! hillary has failed!! trump's chance now!!
revelation!! both trump and hillary have good intentions!! hillary has failed!! trump's chance now!!
this is the first attempt to regulate beauty products since 1938!
this is so important &amp; time!
also, time runs out is the best marvel civil war, full stop
yeah it's funny that civil war ii is just like beat for beat time runs out, which was better in every way
this is me man i hate that i listen to it so often
like i'm so over it but it's the only way i hear her voice and i just love her voice so much
the weekend is so close i can taste it! have an amazing day y'all!!
taste it ... is that an order?
should i keep my ketchup in the fridge or in the cabinet
um the fridge
i always mimic the expression of ppl i draw so whenever i draw tpp kaz im just. &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;:| i swear 2 got if i get wrinkles bc of him
i feel this my face is already so angry so i'm fuckin myself over
don't bet against home team on thursday, and you don't bet against at home. with any qb. new england tonight, straight up.
road teams won just as much on thursdays last season. texans it is.
how he's such a cutie, he spells everything wrong too and it's just adorable
he puts me to sleep
hillary clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. sleep well hillary - see you at the debate!
lol you're going to be a mess . you can't hold composure without a teleprompt for hours
what you tell me in the car though?
ok because you had that shit on repeat in the most literal form so shh
the final locker room messages of the season. make sure to send in your messages today for saturday's match. just u...
reignited my love for soccer. can't help but love this team!! you're all amazing on &amp; off the field.
she didn't like paul as a person and respected nicole's game. you can disagree with that but stop diminishing it to just gender
i'm disappointed as hell that paul lost but he fucked up taking nicole. he could have locked in his win. stop blaming one vote.
i just returned a lost dog to a neighbor; punch line is, i'm not sure i returned it to the right house
was it a go and retrieve her? ("golden retriever") :/
an excellent reminder that we can make the choice to refuse immoral orders.
yes! but i could see a lot of people not being able to afford to leave that job - maybe she can't really. hope she gets support.
2nd time at so glad you guys came back to !
thank you for spending the evening with us melinda, cheers.
prom princess bitch
senior skip day where i was the only one left with alcohol lmao
lmaooo u so mad
mad?? uhhm nooo? actually im laughing at how dumb u are lol. why would ur rambling stupidity get some1 on&gt;
it's humorous seeing people talk about now being a perfect time for the pixel (nexus) phone to take off and "this is the year of nexus!"
not sure what google's pitch in them is going to be. can't imagine they've made big leaps in the camera, and waterproofing
if preventing an alien invasion depended on my ability to make an internet banking payment via then we are screwed. doesn't work.
haha. yes, does not work !!
it wasn't sam bradford though, so kind of irrelevant.
same scheme though. same oc.
great day for geobiology and women in science.thrilled to share this honor with my rockstar friend dianne
congrats victoria!
attention fans send me your question for harry carson now!
what are the differences playing linebacker today to when you played?if there is a difference.
is it yet? here's the home page for the old ragnarok online server i used to run. "tasty, sophisticated, and...
i used to design custom ro headgear/cards for private servers :0
i hear you but we're going to have trump or clinton in 2017. how does having trump help us in "long term"?
possibly, he eliminates us having a long term to consider
4 months of &amp; perseverance have resulted in 13 book sales to inquisitive internet strangers this month. wow
that's awesome. all your hard work is paying off! it's amazing what social media can do for marketing &amp; networking!
twitter has unblocked my account on condition of deleting the offending tweet. i've done so, but it's here::
not making a wedding cake for gays is my right, but god forbid twitter "censor" me for advocating outright violence
how can i get a job there
put in your online application. they then call and make you come in for an interview. if favored, it's usually on the spot
it's humorous seeing people talk about now being a perfect time for the pixel (nexus) phone to take off and "this is the year of nexus!"
seems to making a huge, ahem...splash, with consumers.
like what if i may ask? hope you don't have a job because you legit arguing with a teenager over twitter
it's ok. that pic you took to make fun of? those jeans are true religion and the suit is gucci. not department store shit homie
you sit in the front get it together over there, also u stole my seat
sorry not sorry:////
that's our plan! 2-person plane party! . heading out 10/21 for two glorious weeks
amazing! can't wait to see the snaps
lmaooo u so mad
twitter mad? lol "police! drop the gun or ill shoot in your big toe!" lol lmao bahahahh
its all over the place up here.
send me a tanker please!
should be brought up on federal charges for encouraging people to riot?
the fact is is a little man, very little that he throws tantrums. silly fellow
thanks u tell us today what is d real relationship&amp;bonding .superb dialogue
thanks sweta for today's update!
imagine controlling your own light source and drop shadows
while adhering to real life human interface guidelines of course
rich, ty for the like. greatly appreciated. have an enjoyable thursday out in san francisco.
you are very welcome, same to you in atlanta
look like an awesome start to your day!
yes it is and may i say that chili mango has a nice kick to it that's for some this new!
"is that a jew watch?" lmao idiots man
shit crazy lmao and the 9/11 part
! leads the way in ' 11-5 rout of rays.
where has sanchez been all season?
i feel like i want to delete this account
good morning selena how is your day
this is a very good thing. braille literacy goes far beyond the reading aspect alone.
i'd like to be able to elaborate on that. i agree but don't have direct experience. i've just experimented with braille.
you know what's worse than blacks rioting? the liberal white bastards in their midst helping them.
that's their liberal white guilt showing. still apologizing for slavery, which ended 150 yrs ago. truly pathetic fools!
haven't watched that yet, been meaning to (wife loves kbell, so it'll happen)
just saw the first 1.5 episodes (have to finish the second).
this is about kady clincy
dustin batson actually but yes that heaux too. can't wait to have a gossip sesh with her when i'm back in october
here is my point. this is what our current admin wants &amp; will continue with hillary!
the current administration wants police officers to kill unarmed blacks and riots? you're an idiot. please leave me alone.
wishing you a belated congratulations on your wedding.
thanks dude! much appreciated!
in the green room education connect. 30 minutes to curtain call. great crowd in the house.
great insights. amazing. and btw congrats brian on being member 193,281
lawyer: palestinian prisoners in israeli prison face torture, filthy living conditions
can any1 in usg actually think israelis want to negotiate for peace w/ palestinians when so treating?
we live in a police state. don't call this the land of the free if your life depends on obedience to armed state guards. just admit it.
right. once we convince ourselves we are really free, the gestapo is in our heads and what happens does not bother us so much.
dude if you're that worried about comments you're the ignorant one, chill.
i'm ignorant because i was irritated about a comment? oh?
happiness is a french bulldog dressed as a diy unicorn pool float, ha!..
haha yes! this is all kinds of amazing!
that was you!!!! thank you so much for being there.
you were so great as missy - funny and so fierce!! i'll definitely be back soon and will try to stay after to say hi next time!
wow. thank god for ditmas park brooklyn. thank god for it.
alternate side street parking aside, just really thankful for it
twitter mad? lol "police! drop the gun or ill shoot in your big toe!" lol lmao bahahahh
police drop the gun or i'll hit you w my 3cell mag-light in your knee cap! hahahhahah
a girl, 6, was being kidnapped. i jumped in to stop it. for 30 years, i wondered what became of linda. my story:...
wow. great job
2/2 to be heard have been living with their privileged heads up their asses. the contrast bt wealthy &amp; poor here is disgusting
i would think being an author, you would be able to come up with something a little more inspiring and compelling than this...
i definitely have mr. sandman stuck in my head
oh the best of times
i'd actually would to get an email or call from an actual establishment i've applied to, not some random agency that claims i sent something
that i never did, i already have an agency right now that trying to help me...
unqualified to be commander-in-chief: 75 retired senior diplomats sign letter opposing trump for president
75 retired senior diplomats responsible for where we are: did at the un war with iraq but not with the saudis.
my last day at the indescribably humongous in cologne, germany. just walking around with my jaw hanging open, still.
i would have to wear a bib...
have copies of the hobbit: facsimile first edition shipped, or has it been delayed again?
today is 's birthday -- 's as well. would be a shame if the book didn't release after years of delays.
my english professor made the mistake of allowing me to write about feminism lmaooo i'm gon rip some bitches up
i mean meninist but ios10 still messin up
like what if i may ask? hope you don't have a job because you legit arguing with a teenager over twitter
what can u say about me? i'm fat? so what. i have 21 followers and??? not one of them pays for my shit.
twitter mad? lol "police! drop the gun or ill shoot in your big toe!" lol lmao bahahahh
"police drop the rifle or ill mace you u. the nuts!" dumbass! lol
i'm in richmond! we totally should! there's tons of awesome stuff here
hell yeah. once we have a better idea of what day(s) we'll be down there i'll let you know.
i'm the one who argues with everyone
jordani is front seat, i'm w/ the camera, des is yelling in front,cal in the back
"true impact is quality at scale"
is the best speaker i have heard in years.
on this day in 1862, a republican president issued the emancipation proclamation: on this day in 1862, presid...
how far this party is from our roots, huh.
updated 9/22/17 - nj girls hoops verbals class of '17 -
good stuff david. see you out on the hardwood in a couple months
a little socal-norcal rivalry today me thinks our lone fan is outnumbered.
and who got the last laugh?
also note the usual "waaaa twitter is meaner to conservatives than liberals." the old wingnut victimhood shtick. what a baby.
not making a wedding cake for gays is his right, but god forbid twitter "censor" him for advocating outright violence
this gave him a sad.
is there research on the show up-&gt;troll folks-&gt;block them cycle?
mostly sunny, 84
the nicest guy in news and being nice matters. have a great day!
these new hd videos of the moon are just breathtaking. shot by japan's kaguya spacecraft as it drifts over rocky cr...
that's some j.j. abrams-level lens-flare. awesome.
spent just over 1 week in &amp; must say if you've never considered traveling here, reconsider. it's an extraor...
gorgeous photos, lady! alaska looks almost too beautiful to be real
a few friends and a good bit of research.
ah ha. the tone &amp; point of view sounded familiar, had to ask. going to read it :) (thanks to that mystery apt host)
thought my lab was 10.. it's at 9 and i'm still 40 minutes away from school...
i was over an hour late and somehow the first one finished ...
theres a raccoon perched on top of my trash doing the captain morgan pose he is the king, it's his trash now
assassinate that coon please. do it for all of us.
nigga and? don't matter where it's from if you look like a complete retard. i ain't no broke nigga
my nigga u love in texas where rent is dirt cheap and i'm sure you still live at home. so of course you got money. u pay no bills
move it! move your butt to the new page of !
kyle, this is amazing!
a bioshock film would be incredible, but i don't think any studio would want to give it the budget/decent effects it would need.
absolutely agree! there's also not such an incredible hit-rate with vidyagame movies...
uk tried to schedule the statues' unveiling late on a friday to completely avoid the news cycle but had to settle for tonight
sources telling me mitch has the same doctor as darryl and has an appointment from 8am friday - 10pm saturday.
no cop has ever told you that lol
i didnt know my fellow jet fans were that dumb? prob one if those njnja idzik guys
nope it got away! lmao but we pulled over and i drove after that
wow. what are you good for? can't even kill the spider that almost killed you?
still working remotely. starting my 19th hour of meetings this week. -.-
*gets under your desk* you need a puppy to help ease your problems
sec charges fund manager cooperman with insider trading. in world's 500 richest; apparently not enough via
never enough. greed and out of control capitalism is a drug that addicts, then kills.
under investigation for possible child abuse: report
disciplining your child is not child abuse . undisciplined children are looting and rioting in north carolina
hey. that sounds a bit mean, my bd twin. if nathan was born in feb 29, he would be a teenager! lol
ah, that i woulda been. i was a lady killer as a teenager.
last race of the year. one of my favorite tracks. circuit of the americas
that data isn't going to read itself, get back to work!
hey twitter people :)! are there any science discussions or hashtags going on today? wouldn't mind joining in.
start your own!! how about discussing building personal websites. pros &amp; cons of different platforms, how 2 design.
the fact u just sent me a million tweets mean ur mad lmao
no im actually laughing pretty heartily hahhahhh
that's better than maya rudolph-as-maya angelou's franzen prank.
"no mr west, it was act of whimsy" lmfao
come on down! stays around 40-60 here till may
thats what i'm talking bout! i can live with that
the only one who will be on trial will be hillary. she's the only crook running.
you really never learn to distinguish between facts and feelings, i'm guessing
this isn't your local official. you wont be perfectly aligned with the pres. she is right of me but that's ok! nov is 0 sum game.
my vote goes to neither. nothing could convince me to vote me for 1 of 2 ppl i believe will be the worst president ever.
stared at starbucks mermaid for too long, she took on murderous significance &amp; as i rounded the corner was blaming her for 30+ sailor deaths
who wants coffee from a lady with claws for hands
how was your network connectivity at the time? i was in an elevator with no service. could have been corrupted incoming data.
totally fine. loaded a second later.
you change the documentation to match the new naming convention. :)
this is when you turn to python for help
shut yo broke fat ass up. come down to the h please all you are is talk
i'm broke but you were just asking me to pay for your flight. typical young buck.
the fact u just sent me a million tweets mean ur mad lmao
seriously bro this was great comedy! lol awesome! yes i know many cops n they told me so! lololol
raising investment has become like comparing marks after an exam. tereko kitna mila?
and then saying, 'tu rehne de bc, hamesha bolta hai presentation (read: preparation) nahi kiya aur sab se ache no. ate hai'?
actually i do have issues with heat retention in cold weather and overheating in hot, regardless of clothing x.x it sucks
yeah, my friends always complain about how much body heat i give off all the time =x= some like it but most don't.
straight up
like they really stand here for 3 minutes like "i can't find my storm card hahah" i'm not laughing
"you need to talk about solutions. nobody's talking about solutions" me: "have you heard of "
he did not say that. argh.
ya boy needs some beats, send em on!!!! yunglolomusic.com
hey hyd ii got beats
the one missing name is the main list is dhoni. here are the next 11 to get a sense.
no special weight for keeping?
no cop has ever told you that lol
ohh i wish i had a joint right now
just so you know next time trick
lmao this is the thanks i get for being a good friend, wow!!! noted!
girl in the winter
i'm struggling in the fall
really don't understand what the issue you have is.
i really don't just providing the opposite end of the argument- interesting numbers he's bound to turn it around
come on down! stays around 40-60 here till may
lol yall only have college teams tho lol that would drive me nuts
dont come to asbury tn u pieces of shits
. hey... where tf have you been
you don't get to tweet this from uniondale either.
it's apart of my campus, y'all relentless, i'm from the bronx
trump: "rapists, murderers, liberal clowns, fat pigs, dogs, &amp; losers!" clinton: "basket of deplorables." media: "that's too far, hillary."
i engage them all day. "deplorables" is too generous. they are racist filth who must be stopped.
senior skip day where i was the only one left with alcohol lmao
just ducky at great wolf lodge &lt;3 and the yikyak infamy
thank you again for last night!
yes thank you so much joey!!!
trump has no respect for the 2nd amendment. first he will take the guns of muslims. then he will disarm america cli...
trump 'stop and frisk' stealth program to take away all guns?
gah. why is he so perfect???? marry me already, jesus.
can we share?
opening practices for college basketball.
thanks for that bruh
undercover is ready for macos sierra. read more at:
i love how the previous blog entry was el cap comparability
hanging backstage excited to talk with fellow media nerds at
thanks for your talk today !
$300 for two night!?!?!? do they know how much of a shithole that city is?!?!!?
insane right?? was thinking of heading up for oktoberfest oct 1
when will this packaging be available in the us?????
we don't have plans to change the packaging in the us at the moment!
or i'll add wombats in all my notes to distract you cc:
omg. , look! a wombat doing laundry!
google what o'brien schoefield looks like if you wanna get thrown for a loop.
would pay to see him apply for a job at an irish bar and see the reaction when he shows up for interview
when ur drunk and u need to watch urself
lmao hahahh
yes it is and may i say that chili mango has a nice kick to it that's for some this new!
see this is why auto correct needs to be dismantled, thanks for something new in re to the chili mango smoothie!
it's not that i don't like texting but i be doing shit and ppl deadass get mad bc i don't reply to their texts in seconds
they should get it, u r busy woman
no special weight for keeping?
just reading the responses. that is a reason why dhoni is not in top 20. thanks for the analysis.
: 6 fundraising tips for entrepreneurs from ' sheeva sairafi:
amen not that i speak in regard 2 need, 4 i have learned in whatever state i am, to b content philippians 4:11
braille literacy teaches many conceptual ideas of space and so forth.
i've noticed that it seems to reshape my view of the alphabet by introducing new relationships among letters
not likely. my experience most believe they are smarter them most
just one more thing about reality they get terribly wrong.
that last bit about the face? that was sarcasm. i have a face like a mutant baboon butt.
i wouldn't say mutant... more like a baboon who was horribly disfigured in an accident.
do they have pickles !!
i think but i'm not sure
rt : ty harvey hi all
good thursday all!
i always thought deck was slang for turntable.
or the platform in ones backyard lol
obama: i curse more than i should
, you speak more than you should, (without having a single clue of what you speak.)
before takes over the on monday, the band needs a few things from the npr office....
yes i can't wait for a mime troop to take to the air
i'm concerned "any" "community" who will "try" appears to be turning in practice into "apache means abandonware".
at some point new high-profile failures (which netbeans will probably be) hurt all of apache, not just that project.
if you can see the bigger picture then fuck with me. i'm amazing
i can fuck your mind up
harlem morning! " you woke up breathing for a reason" let strive for greatness
good morning beautiful. i am going to strive to be great at having lunch. all this working makes me hungry. have a great day.
real fucking sick of people defending their racist friends/family members because they've "known them forever and can't possible be racist".
too bad you've known johnny for "your whole life" and his bigoted ass behavior conveniently slipped past you all this time.
"what every coder should know about gamma" - every designer should know this stuff, too. great article.
my brain is melting
come on ! we are counting on you. right
just may not be enough ny'ers there yet to save north carolina.
oh damn that's it you win
oh my god that can't be topped the vole may be even more of a animal than a pigeon
good on zach for actually asking tough questions.
the younger younger generations' first white president
you flexing with the gucci suit cmon dawg pull up or shut up
aaawwww. did i hurt the justin bieber feelings??? never say never little guy. you can achieve anything your little heart desires.
please go with me on this one day.
i got a heartburn just looking at it
the doomsday clock strikes zero. the final episode of the eleventh hour is here! (rt, heroes!)
taako's amazing school of magic diploma prints, please and thank you?
if ya crazy stressed with school: 7 years ago i was in my 2nd year of grad school, having mental break downs. i'm now 5 years in my career
sacrifice now, and reap the benefits later. keep pushing yourself. you got this!
sweden's welcome to refugees disturbed by violent backlash
we are not sweden
"people everywhere descend from a single migration of early humans from africa"
how the hell did i get so blonde and why the hell do i burn so easy?
i've noticed that it seems to reshape my view of the alphabet by introducing new relationships among letters
i imagine that with fluency, this also happens with words
this is amazing: trump has a 10-point lead over clinton on being "honest and straightforward"
it's not as shocking when you remember when you remember that her last name is "clinton."
prayer isn't going to do anything. you all say "i pray for this and pray for that" but that isn't going to change anything
thank you. prayer only makes people feel better.
apple's w1 chip for wireless headphones is a huge improvement. still connected to my laptop across the office, almo...
which one did you get?
this is the parody account i was trying to find forever ago
hahah i love this
collaboration. what a concept!
indeed! feedback is a part of collaboration.
just ducky at great wolf lodge &lt;3 and the yikyak infamy
anything fucking goes
w/my peeps is almost here! what were some of your fave moments last season? ...
this is funny. ladies, backs straight, toes pointed. guys, hunched backs of notre dame!! cool pic.!
not only will i get to run nyc on sunday, but i will have the best brunch saturday !
good luck to you and everyone else participating in ! see you on saturday!
glad you like it. it sits next to ffdkk, frivolous fuckwadian digital knick knacks. i'm putting together my own dictionary
interesting. i got my current job due to my proficiency in ffdkk. cheers.
i'm heather, owner of yakima hop candy. :)
pleased to make your e-quaintance, heather! ;)
wearing barely 2 in heel sandals and i feel i'm going to tip over any second. how do other women do this?!
is that what we are doing tonight? can't wait
if aliens discovered earth in 2016, they would say "whoa, what a trainwreck," and turn right around.
at not point in human history would that not be the case
when i have to leave my home i wear a burlap sack over my head. d:
*awkwardly hugs you from the side* there there we all know what's that is like. *not really. some of us are just pretty*
june 17, 2010: clinton announces doj will sue arizona over s.b. 1070
the silent majority is awake and sees what is happening! time to stop it, or we will lose america.
i got 4/6 badges that's for my character over 10 attributes unlocked. was almost pro 2 in park. i did the grind its just on hold
well whenever you wanna get dropped off let me know.
my fork broke somewhere between the cafe and my desk but i'm too lazy to go back so now i'm eating like this
rip off one more and make it a toothpick
do you in this aerial shot?
is that beaver creek, co?
driverless (or autonomous) cars &amp; its implication for eating. we believe the effect could be profound!
with 30+% obese and 50+% overweight, while lacking exercise, do we really lack time to eat?
activist makes brave stance against police brutality by......stealing shoes.
looters should be shot!
wow i updated to ios10 &amp; my fingerprint scanner works like magic wtf
ok it did for like a day, it's back to being a piece of shit fix it
we got the house. yesssssssssss this place is masssssive and sooooo nice!!!!! fuck yes !
when can i move in?
with spirit delays is the last thing is be concerned about rt : don't do it, it's a trap
lmaoo yeah i just read their policies online haha no shot am i flying with them
sorry i called you a nattering nincompoop that one time, then ran into a shimmering portal
it's in the past now. unless that portal went to the future, then it's just confusing.
rt: ": hey gang check out this nifty chalice from which i feast on the blood of the poor."
the cup now needs to be washed and sterilized.
doing my whole rib for mine
heard that was painful..
come home. 9 days. it's on.
as soon as i get the chance i'll be there
hey , i've been getting an email with a link to change my psn password every day for like 2 months. how do i make it stop???
someone is trying to hack your account &gt;.&gt;
not that i advocate clandestine groups plotting violent tactics - just that masses of people after great injustice will take action not
agreed. peace is easy to ignore. violence gets attention fast.
truth does not change whether it is convenient or not. god does not change. he is not going to change 10 cmmndmnts to please u
abortion isn't in 10 commandments. the god that drowned every man woman &amp; child changed to one of forgiveness
im in class rn and it's 7:30 am here
ha , fuck that shit i'm out
sab haram khor must be there.. panama supporters *
lol @ the level of frustration
big news: detroit broadcasting legend carmen harlan to retire from wdiv-local 4 in november
since i could remember watching tv, carmen was there. when i was home from college for thanksgiving, carmen was a familiar face.
join me :) they're also going to release an all black version soon.
just got my all black so i'm good on that front (for now)
somebody dm'd me f they can retweet my snipets that i put out. by all means go ahead. it's a small gift for u who follow me...do as u wish
uy! back on twitter din
we all know those certain stations that hold onto summer heat until november.
and then rapidly become colder than antarctica
the gop committee obsessed with planned parenthood is harassing scientists
oh, gee !! there's marth the mouth at it again. she is so bad that even the gop don't want her at public events.
vikings targets through 2 weeks: rbs: 9 tes: 16 wrs: 39
with adrian peterson taking most of the snaps....
and now for my favorite, colin firth looking at his bafta
why is this man so precious idgi
stay away from them!!!!!
stop staring at me with that ugly smile
you flexing with the gucci suit cmon dawg pull up or shut up
take the weeknd pics off your page. you will never amount to his success. i'll catch u in one of them barely legal gay videos.
just unlucky i guess...though maybe at least you're spared my super intense farmer tan.
hahahh!! hey just so u know.. im already in job/banshee withdrawal! 4 ssn's not enough!
lol every single time raven
@ me! i cook a delicious meal every night so my tired gf doesn't have to.
happening today, conference. follow &amp; tune into the livestream.
thanks for sharing!
my bad that was funny
still waiting
they talkin about something specific or are they actin like caps has the first battle rap centered show
i'm sure it's something stupid like he had the idea to go live and we did it first.
well i am beside myself that i'm on extra slice, friday (tomorrow!) at 9.30. just hope i do my food tech gcse...
save me a slice
they're calling it cultural appropriation and i'm like ???? ballet is not a culture???
like?? it's a profession? but??? black culture? nah not a big deal
yo, dudes, if ya'll ever said getting fucked in the ass made u gay ur missing out on an entirely different type of...
only cis-het men worry about what makes them seem anything besides cis-het. no be like "does this make me seem too...?"
first exam today and i'm going to cry.
best of luck
i'm always too shy to go back to the same place &amp; started going to chinatown where i don't hv to converse &amp; it's life-changing.
dang! if i didn't totally love my colorists work i would definitely consider doing that!
(chants) bi oh shock bi oh shock bi oh shock
i didn't wanna show bias in this pole, but holy fuck, i hope bioshock wins. this digitally remastered shit is beautiful.
i'm late to class bc my bitch ass professor got me running around for a hard copy of this boring ass book
e-books are the future, you dusty ass, dinosaur ass professors.
i thought about that cuz i have one with a hot tub on it. figured it was too easy. so, slang for asking if yr a carpenter??
im clueless like stacy dash
lol be nice. he has a right to his opinion. i'd like to hear his solution
we have received 800k+ refugees since 9/11 &amp; only 5 implicated/convicted of terror activities
"if you're black and you haven't been successful in the last 50 years, it's your own fault"
is she related to trump's john miller?
19 year-old man of somali descent, stabbed to death an american woman in london's russell square. he also wounded 5 others.
do i have to pull up stats on how many non-muslims murder? i'm at work in the john. you? working at sp...
bcs you spend on the wrong things !!!
twitter mom. i spent it paying my credit card bills lmao
he kinda cute i've been sleeping on him
cause you can't look pass those annoying ass sounds
apartment hunting isn't easy especially when you want to front like me and not settle for a box in the wall but still not tryna be broke
would love to assist w/ your apartment search. shoot me an email to joey.frankel.com with the details
you better believe she does
i know i would
awesome! what will you mix up first?
wish granted! with my in hand, the one pot chicken stew ...
or maybe these both seemed like totally innocuous and intelligible moves at the time and were only second guessing bc of polling
and a media environment w a narrative to push
anything fucking goes
visiting texas for the first time :)
you a grown pussy you gon get murked talkin reckless
murked?? me??? nobody's big enough to do it. you're fucking with a psycho. don't let my suit fool u. i'll really end you.
"i'm an optimist but some practitioners simply won't make the transision for trad media to modern management pr"
my issue is that transformation is too vague. those who 'don't know' need clear direction of what it looks like.
didn't need to play my own music while getting ready today because i had emma in the next room singing lips of an angel by nickelback.
you mean by hinder..?
apartment hunting literally sucks the life out of you like..... die
would love to assist w/ your apartment search. shoot me an email to joey.frankel.com with the details
this is who we need out there talking to suburban women
psa =vote 4death2&gt;mayhillary&amp;obama's...
apartment hunting is stupid and useless and i'm just going to drag a mattress into the lobby of my office and sleep on it forever
would love to assist w/ your apartment search. shoot me an email to joey.frankel.com with the details
"we work in a very fashion driven industry" this is the thing that took me the longest to learn because i didn't want to believe it.
it is one of the best/worst things about working in security. your job is sometimes to say "uh, is this just wankery?"
it's 60 out and i'm wearing shorts and it's only getting colder why do i do these things
it's 48 out and i'm only wearing shorts what the hell am i doing
apartment hunting in nyc (or hoboken, nj), is so much harder than colorado! prices jump $78 daily, for no apparent reason!
would love to assist w/ your apartment search. shoot me an email to joey.frankel.com with the details
did your comment get posted yet? i'm not finding it. i didn't look at the lyrics yesterday, but there are definitely mistakes.
yeah, it was posted 12 hours ago - click on "newest" comments, and it should come right up.
also and i are coming to sacramento + san fran in january. we can't wait! we need to meet you two.
yoooo i heard! i'm so stoked it's finally happening!
i don't think twitter is ready for the sass you are about to deliver
nope not @ all! and i have no filter and give 0 fucks these days.
the point wasnt whether or not the clinton foundation did anything. it was that they took tens of millions from dictators to get arms deals.
once again, vox obfuscates the point of leftist criticism of hillary to run shallow propaganda. sad.
"celebrities read mean tweets" is an opportunity for them to laugh it off but usually they end up getting owned
chris evans' reaction is my favorite in this one, followed closely by russell crowe
a week of apartment hunting through facebook groups/listings project, etc. has really taught me a lot, both positive and negative.
would love to assist w/ your apartment search. shoot me an email to joey.frankel.com with the details
a complete list of patronuses - so far. is yours on the list?
lion,tiger,fox,cheetah, bear,elephant,swan, gorilla, polar bear, ox, eagle, shark, panda
our last of .
boohoo, last day of white pants, off-white pants.
lol be nice. he has a right to his opinion. i'd like to hear his solution
i would say our current vetting system is working.
i never said drivers have right 2 run over peds. you think it's ok for peds to block traffic
hopefully no1 died but i conclude that a valuable lesson was taught. don't fuck with people
they will pay for both. why not focus on early education? it would lead to better path later.
my son had great early ed. headstart, pre k and mom.
2 different situations.lets see what u would do if in your car and pple are blckig the road threatning ur...
nope. running down people because you are angry at them is never cool.
apartment hunting in manhattan is proof of the law of diminishing returns. longer you look, more likely you'll not get what you want
would love to assist w/ your apartment search. shoot me an email to joey.frankel.com with the details
it's officially the best time of the year! happy fall!!!!!! &lt;3 &lt;3 *leaf emoji* *pumpkin emoji* *apple emoji* *i don't have a phone*
i realized in the middle of a class this morning that it's the &amp; i led my toddlers in a lil parade around the room.
apartment hunting is the worst
would love to assist w/ your apartment search. shoot me an email to joey.frankel.com with the details
it's sad that a bunch of thugs use a man's death to start looting stores. it's just another excuse to steal a new t...
that is what riots are about they use it as an excuse to commit violence and steal everything they can get their hands on
(chants) bi oh shock bi oh shock bi oh shock
i didn't wanna show bias in this poll, but holy fuck, i hope bioshock wins. this digitally remastered shit is beautiful.
revelation!! both trump and hillary have good intentions!! hillary has failed!! trump's chance now!!
trump has a great opportunity to do great things for america!! just stay on your goals to win!!
apartment hunting &amp; job hunting (the eternal struggle) maybe i should just stare at pictures of my dog and eat sour patch kids all day?
would love to assist w/ your apartment search. shoot me an email to joey.frankel.com with the details
we got niggas with choppas fat ass
aaawww. u have friends. who needs friends when you got money??? get off my shit little boy.
usher - downtime; track was good until usher fake rapped. i don't wanna hear it usher. i don't. keep singing. !
currently my thoughts exactly
just sitting at my desk, imagining stanford football players designing their own "tree" uniforms and cackling like a weirdo
gopher teeth mouthguards are making me chuckle right now...
we stand behind the movement to end the epidemic of police violence that murders 1000s of black men, women and children.
i stand behind the fact that yes we need these shootings looked at by an outside agency. the riots ended. everyone matters.
just unlucky i guess...though maybe at least you're spared my super intense farmer tan.
&amp;on a more serious note.. if all of us cops n all the civilians knew this to be true maybe all this bad s*?t ends
i'm increasingly convinced that sisi's last remaining support base among egyptians is in new york.
and other emigre communities in the us. plenty of sisawi physicians in chicagoland.
things are looking up, h2o booked, work is great, have great people in my life, apartment hunting.
would love to assist w/ your apartment search. shoot me an email to joey.frankel.com with the details
y'all deck, muthafuckah??
lmaoooo!!! i remember ppl used to say deck as in i'll deck you, as in, punch u in the face
a very mealy-mouthed response.
i don't know what more to say
' you can't convince people to vote for a liar and a fraud. i'd rather honest, as president.
ok, fine, but there's zero chance of that. so which of the two who can be do you prefer? they are far from the same
really nice picture, nathan. your middle name is thomas? hmm you are not a thomas type. lol
i never use that name. i think it was one of my grandfather's first names.
hello, ! why yes, it's the first day of and i will not feel guilty about the that i'm going to order this morning!
i respect that you waited until it is officially fall unlike 98% of all other white girls
can't tell if this is a typo or possibly the coolest idea for a presidential karate movie.
this guy is really dumb wow
sacramento mayor beats protester to a 'bloody pulp': report
kj could hit from anywhere. but if untrue this story could be pulp fiction
fuck my ass i want kfc
popeyes&gt;&gt;&gt;
everyone, please watch what we do in the shadows. please
you watched it!!!!! :d
but aren't you a fag
and aren't you illegal in this side of the border? shouldn't you be washing my bmw or something?
food for thought
mind fucked
anyone complaining about ios being a walled garden should be re-evaluating their position:
i wonder if they got any special help from apple. i'm still struggling with it. nothing is documented.
i can see that
hi beautiful ... hope you have an amazing day!
how dare you use and abuse her she is so innocent
she should be happy that i compromised my anti-synth ideals to get her that body! rip my boy danse, the only 1 who wouldn't bang me
last night i dreamt that my phone was stolen out of my car in a gas station parking lot. and then the whole car was stolen.
last night i dreamt i was being chased by a vengeful "pet" cobra that kept striking me, but not killing me. interpret pls
i wish i could get a nose piercing but my mom would kill me
do it bitchhhhh
the may throw in for attempting
america will kill her one way or another and then claim she was disturbed.
i put out an original song and i'm really proud of it! :d
i can't get it to play right now
just a little bit of the work our guys have been putting in this week. ...
you've been getting those boys right coach p!
we stand behind the movement to end the epidemic of police violence that murders 1000s of black men, women and children.
the police matter, the people shot, and us. but riots do not make things a lick better.
citation needed. not from feminist or sjw sources either.
i hope you trump contortionists can wrap your bodies around stop and frisk country wide. gop small government, right?
feeling incredibly fortunate after day of recording and concert to work with the brilliant team of and
thanks, andrew! it was a blast. i'm so psyched to be putting music for people who like art out into the world!
i gotta slide up that way bro
yea it's decent bra. ive been trying to get to la foreal though. lol
bro i love twitter..at the end of the day both sides civilians and police gotta meet in the middle or it ll never end
yes but what concerns me is this; i did 10yrs in the nypd beginning of the 90s crown heights/wash hgts riots.. it was a &gt;
cuz if so, i'd love to show you my designs. one has a built-in fire pit..
that sounds so groovy. i'd be in there every night
lesson = publishers: trust your brilliant writers; their next book may not look like their last book. be brave enough to let them evolve.
absolutely. it's not even that brave but more like, having integrity and vision.
instagram stories has driven me from even opening snapchat anymore.
also the sheer bugginess of snapchat is just intolerable
yes. i was applying a little known device that us professionals call "sarcasm".
bah there is a reason i get called captain obvious for a reason
a big pop up store for returning the note 7
look at that dmv-style queue monitor! what a pr disaster!
lol be nice. he has a right to his opinion. i'd like to hear his solution
15 years, only 5 refugees involved in terrorism out of 800k.
apartment hunting shall begin
would love to assist w/ your apartment search. shoot me an email to joey.frankel.com with the details
in tragedy, we must recommit ourselves to understanding &amp; unity. the politics of hate &amp; division must end. my prayers are with .
the animals and thugs who are beating innocents must stop if the movement means to have any credibility.
not really. there will always be
yes, fair point. i had thought of that. also,
tbt to that phase i had 5 yrs ago where i left people long rambling videos on their facebook walls.
same. one went for over an hour of me singing t swift
i drink too much and thats an issue but im okay
tell your friends it was nice to meet them but i hope i never see them again
nothing like apartment hunting in new york city to test my emotional stability/marriage/patience/desire to punch a stranger in the face
would love to assist w/ your apartment search. shoot me an email to joey.frankel.com with the details
we appreciate the , v.l.! please follow back! visit us for good music, books, great photos, ideas at
thanks for the follow, rt &amp; s, v.l.! visit us for books, great photos &amp; ideas. hear my orchestra at
"we need a more proactive approach for building more prominent affordable housing," says of housing plan.
agreed! but how to pay for building? seems hard to get developers to pay for affordable housing
apartment hunting is a bitch
would love to assist w/ your apartment search. shoot me an email to joey.frankel.com with the details
reported it to the doj since nobody seemed to own it. now maybe beth sholom does?
can you forward the communication to me? if it is uscj will remove you.
bro i love twitter..at the end of the day both sides civilians and police gotta meet in the middle or it ll never end
diff time to be sure but the cops i worked with 97% were good ppl man w/good intentions. these things are not reflective of
fucking hell man what have we come to they are literally ducks now
college football is a false sport
but we can look the other way when russia/iran/assad commit mass murder.
i'm sorry but, i won't rt a rt article.
this morning, another convoy left al-waer with hundreds of sunnis towards 's p...
wouldn't that make it ?
after nyfw &amp; apartment hunting is over, i'm deadass treating myself out to sushi and a massage. cus i hella fuckin deserve it
would love to assist w/ your apartment search. shoot me an email to joey.frankel.com with the details
because trump will crumble on national television if held to the truth. he's trying to psych out lester holt.
hey dirty donald why have debates devoid of facts are you serious
lol be nice. he has a right to his opinion. i'd like to hear his solution
none of the recent attacks were done by refugees but natural born citizens
citation needed. not from feminist or sjw sources either.
that article gave you a bunch of cites, so why don't you show us some that say otherwise.
shamu currently scanning for his next gig.
no relation to shamwow
worth pointing out that cnn's ed lavandera reported that the guy who hit him on camera later came &amp; apologized.
it's still assault and charges should be pressed
the sedatives have officially kicked in.
aw. hope hopper gets better. give him a hug.
ckf retreat participants from look over ssdi case studies from keller&amp;keller attorney jamie young.
good to see our staff hard at work!
city of charlotte holds news conference on violent protests following the shooting death of keith scott
citizens should go to work. nyc getting bombed and we show up. time for...
i have one. used it about twice! iphone is just as good
i thought it would be great for tour?
"celebrities read mean tweets" is an opportunity for them to laugh it off but usually they end up getting owned
i think the real key to beating this game is to sincerely laugh at the own like chris evans or just take it like anthony mackie,
hella random but were you on the 38r this morning bro?
still on it haha. you live out here?
premiere 's '90951' album is here.
. weigh in on socially conscious raps and new school rappers knowing their history
how much notice do you guys need if i want to pick up some gavin/andy donuts?
all our donuts are 100% made to order so you can stop in the shop or call ahead to place an order! hope to see you soon!
the only millenial outreach i've seen from hrc is a hulu ad where a girl is like "whaaaaat" when trump says he wants to ban abortion
is it like a lil jon what or a khaleesi what
is it hinder? either way it's a great song to sing to the whole world.
it's hinder &amp; it is a great song!
., i found your next co-host. is literally the best at talking and having opinions:
you're my social media fairy godfather
yeah that part sucks. a lot of people here are saints fans since nola is so close but wish we had our own team
yes! thats the only good part about ny. you got 5 teams out here. bad part is 4 of em suck
bro i love twitter..at the end of the day both sides civilians and police gotta meet in the middle or it ll never end
the broad ideology of law enforcement throughout america. i dont know how its going to be stopped. you are always going to&gt;
agreed! but how to pay for building? seems hard to get developers to pay for affordable housing
current plan incentivizes developers but no long term returns
def a, simpler written "return xrange(n)". def b, f you don't have "yield from" you should be able to use "itertools.chain"
i have to use something as an example. i'm not actually interested in xranges :-)
this is crazy talk...
did you read it? its not crazy at all.
come do something fat ass you got harley quinn as your header and a collage pic as your avi stfu
you have the weeknd as your header and a pic of a pic of yourself. sit down hoe.
having all my projects in dropbox serves my needs well enough that i don't use any other version control
i'm having a panic attack just thinking about using dropbox as a version control system.
absolutely. it's not even that brave but more like, having integrity and vision.
which i suppose in 2016 is brave...
a good pod topic for the future is discussing the dying state of the industry and possible solutions for revival
a little too negative as framed but i might be able to figure out a way to address in a more positive way
before the training!!
hey can i trade all city points to play table tennis with
i think the real key to beating this game is to sincerely laugh at the own like chris evans or just take it like anthony mackie,
any attempt to dismiss it or make a joke back and you let the terrorists win
america is not based on .
it's going to get the lesser of two evils - as it often does. make your vote count - or not.
lol be nice. he has a right to his opinion. i'd like to hear his solution
saying that our current vetting system doesn't work at all is a fucking lie
looking for an app where i can add music from a video to another video.. any recommendations?
did you try your imovie app on ios?
stop by the small fountain today, register and use our geotag!
k. i'll be there in 5
your store in fresh meadows new york air conditioning is the worst
maybe they are just trying to save money like you?
this was so me oh i wish armond can see this lmao
omg yes!
come learn about modern love the podcast in particular and podcasting in general.
. in boston? love love love the podcast btw
bro i love twitter..at the end of the day both sides civilians and police gotta meet in the middle or it ll never end
have these pop up every so often. and its not more today than b4, its just with social media we hear about each one.
i've also been working on my website this morning and will be launching it soon! stay tuned!
i have tons of stunning roleplay outfits and fan favorite toys for you to use in making awesome clips for your site.
i don't think people have fully adjusted to what's happened in the nc senate race. september polls: 3 leads for ross, 3 for burr, 1 tie.
richard burr hasn't adjusted to what's happened in the nc senate race
examples: bernie sanders has done a good job at trying to actually motivate reticent voters without minimizing the issues they care about
has he? he's trying, but they seem deeply resistant to his appeal
best thing to have discovered in the land of cafs: seattle airport has a cafe that serves turkish coffee!
never seen it before. good catch
"the weak performance isn't really china's fault. europe is buying less from china."
i love that picture of shanghai.
media doesnt want that tho..they want us vs them black vs white men vs women etc
that is scary
thank you sf masonic -great show last night - fishbone was amazing
thank you! you guys killed it.
says a lot about being asian american that you can get a "genius grant" &amp; major papers still spell your name wrong...
is major paper? now that's wrong :-)
lmao yea what the hell was her name, she sucked
idk but chloe was in that class
psa =vote 4death2&gt;mayhillary&amp;obama's...
to voteh&amp;o=1mil+2=bloodonyourhands!&lt;idiots
the w1 chip alone makes switching from my "better" headphones to beats worth it. it's just that good at device switching and battery life.
update: the beats are causing *bad* pain to the outer part of my ear to the point that i can no longer wear them. lol back to beyerdynamic.
sweated out so much beer that day
i miss my fan i hope it provided you with one second of relief
last night after sharing a bottle of wine with a friend from high school i almost texted everyone on my shit list: "you are on my shit list"
did you draft a text to me be honest.
oh my god this is the cutest thing ever
tacocat spelled backwards is tacocat.
yeah, as in 30 years ago
super bowl mvp 26 years ago. if u think 26 years ago are "forever," you're young (and immature).
episode 10 of ! and
"as a kid i really didn't have a child hood." -- at 18:56 mark on ep 10
i'm having a panic attack just thinking about using dropbox as a version control system.
my favorite thing about vc systems is that you can revert back to commits. that makes it less scary to write experimental code
president barack obama stars in martial law
didn't think i would be googling "karate obama" today but
nbc/wsj poll: trump deemed more trustworthy
we're doomed. the world's greatest con man just conned the "poorly educated."
people don't like change but change is gon' come!
yup! you &amp; ash should come watch the debate with us monday?!
this is such a beautiful photo by the way
thanks! on ocean near balboa park bart
wow hey look who's in the october issue of it's that guy none of you will shut up about
fyi i'm offended that he's so much more beautiful than i am so therefore, my attraction to him is null and void
listen. we only shut the air off at night
that's the best time to have it on!!!!
tbt to freshman year at syracuse when i stole a shopping cart and passed out in it.
i love this
maybe they are just trying to save money like you?
listen. we only shut the air off at night
smh reaper's guns don't even shoot like that either
i can't watch it the story isn't correct
now her car fucked because a little spider smh
wowww how you know it was little?
i'm live streaming from a stream at gidleigh park hotel! tweet the duck's colour for big prizes!
the duck is green with an orange beak.
you again i already told you these ppl will throw u off a roof. hush now.
facts! facts! about our vetting system. it fucking works!
i choose to stick with my 'paul is a shady operator who smuggled drugs inside tarts' narrative thank you very much
you really are an american!
as t the r or w allele will reach fixation because there can be only one
. wait, are you saying this is a game of who decapitates whom?
agree with everything says here about . really wanted to like it so much more than i did.
i saw the preview months ago and thought i'd give it a chance cause i love vampires. may rethink.
are you going?
sadly i am not! v. will have to wait for another day!
giveaway alert! tomorrow's the last day to try to win a pair of tix to ! more details here:...
maple bacon cinnamon rolls
trump: "they will stop, they will frisk, &amp; they will take the gun away &amp; they won't have anything to shoot with..."
so it is ok to disarm blacks, but whites are protected by the 2nd amendment, only on your america dirty donald
ex-cuomo aides charged in federal corruption inquiry
corrupt ny govt, bad.
i wish - but no simple answer i fear. takes ongoing effort + vigilance. more like dealing with a chronic disease
yes. i can tell u tho, hoon... i spent 10yrs in the nypd in the arm-pitt of bklyn b4 the hipsters came &amp; during&gt;
world's worst super power.
my takeaway from this is that you like to watch people and judge them silently. creep.
dude i was literally sitting right behind you but i was half asleep and wasn't sure yeah i live in outer richmond wby?
hahaha aw hell nah damn it's been a long time! yup on on masonic : geary
oh no! what's wrong?
i think she had a seizure last night :( it was the scariest thing ever. i didn't know when it was going to end or if it was going to
getting your replacement is our priority. shoot us a dm so we can check this out! *mariab
can't dm this account, should i dm the help account??
fruity ass boy
lmfao. ok. i see someone's still in the closet. i think i seen u in one of those pornos. you know the one i'm talking about.
also , day 1 is heavy.
good. it should be. our relationship with money is one that we'll have forever so we have to really understand what it is.
don't start no spitz there won't be no spitz
seriously now my whole day is shot and i'm just going to be a rut of faulty dog punning
i'm this year its not just a right, it's an obligation to prevent an ego maniac from ruining the world.
amen to that sister! we gotta do whatever it takes to stop !!!!
mr. of discusses how brands can use the asch paradigm to reach millennials &amp; genz...
awesome picture!
lol cut off your got damn arms if the only thing you're gonna use em for is ridiculous reaches. lmaooo my god.
wait. ur response was perfect. i mean....breast cancer is cosmetic? im confused as shit and clearly so is she. smh.
you could find a copy on amazon--the sequel i wrote the craving is one of my personal fav books
one of my favorites of all time. a really great read.
so you're assuming they will change the offensive scheme for mckinnon? cause ap didn't get targets.
i'm assuming that they will, like they did last year when he subbed in for ap. when asiata is on the field, they won't. this
girl where do u get ur tights from i can't find any that fit me!!!!!!
i use body wrappers
personally i blame ;). i noticed during streaming last night that battery got smoked. (yes, i subtracted for...
30 minutes of emoji remix. not judging....
remember, hillary clinton promised to change laws for these people. trump just got another huge boost in the poll...
truth shows up!
it's possible.
how?? i just played once w/ my 3 best fighters and i was useless!
who wore it best?
you look stunning !!!
i wish - but no simple answer i fear. takes ongoing effort + vigilance. more like dealing with a chronic disease
the crack epidemic. the cops i worked with were good guys and these things are always gonna happen. i just dont
so you're assuming they will change the offensive scheme for mckinnon? cause ap didn't get targets.
would just mean that they are playing to the personnel on the field.
"octoberfest" scented candle selection: one each in sauerkraut, knockwurst, and pretzel.
(i think a pretzel candle would be excellent)
oh i forgot you sided with the brotherhood you fucking heathen
they were my boys in 3, so i had to be the villain this time around. even if elder maxon is almost trump. how sick was far harbor?
haha! i wore a summer dress that's been sitting in my closet. figured i should wear it before summer is over.
exactly my thoughts!!!
well time to rant.
as americans, you have the right to demonstrate and say what you feel about the current situation. that's american. granted people would...
are the at&amp;t models locked to at&amp;t, even i purchase at full price?
yeah, when purchased for full price from an apple store.
guys i just found this &lt;3
ah yes, i believe this one is titled " and his children "
a year ago today we welcomed to the broadway company of today she starts tour tech...
i already have my ticket!
what's wrong with the big sweetie?
i think she had a seizure last night. was so scary. didn't know if it was going to end.
who would you start edelman or diggs?
oh man. u got some team if ur sitting either one. maybe edelman cause he might play qb lol
tonight sirius 206/xm 103 on w &amp; ft: &amp; -
wish i could make it in!
just like white men not preferring me :0 lol
same...they hate me. lol
annoying, huh? like people sending you tweets about how to do your job?
id say, that guys who don't like women screaming, probably can't make them scream. if u know what i mean.
work dinner went until midnight last night, so apologies in advance if today my brain is less than...good.
you mean "than well"
that's not fair omg
if you don't fail your first chem exam are you really in college
had dreams about her all last night
that's wild so did i..
...never really left coz i was never really into it my 10 followers became 70. gahdnow they will know how lame i am. hahaha!
basta ako i was in the top 10 ha don't forget me pag nag 70,000 na yan
love the rex secco story from
it doesn't get old!
re: gourds, i got you.
i cannot wait
i saw that last night and almost vomited
43 comments later and she's still going. i'll continue sipping this tea.
beautiful story from my colleague on how a service dog is helping a former nfl lineman deal with cte
thanks for helping to spread the word, sir!
i hate when friends use you as a personal twitter. it's like, i don't care if you got broccoli in your teeth, i'm trying to live my life!
social media has made everyone a couch critic!
lol woah my friends the realist...
i'm posed to give you a pass to be annoying today so here it is happy birthday
the garbage collector is helpfully doing its job :)
all 50 dumpsters collected! mission accomplished.
i wish - but no simple answer i fear. takes ongoing effort + vigilance. more like dealing with a chronic disease
know how u can train a cop to wait longer if hes legitimately in fear 4his life &amp; he has to make a snap decision
how so? every piece if hardware apple makes is lower quality now then when steve jobs was at the helm.
what do you think hardware "quality" is exactly?
are the at&amp;t models locked to at&amp;t, even i purchase at full price?
no. they're unlocked when purchased for full price from an apple store.
i can't be in a relationship with a women telling me what i can and cannot do.
sometimes you gotta make sacrifices. if its the right one i know for a fact you will do what she asks to an extent.
algo online?
hay que buscar canal
i just saw this again and fuck u
omg i forgot about this
. says athletes are going to continue to use their platform to stand up to social inequalities. watch:
thank you for being factual with us looking at work tv show on an every day basis
i wish i had gone that route when i built my deck. the fire pit is just sitting on top of the deck. still nice, tho.
you can still do some re-arranging
who ever got beats hit my email .com
ii got beats
i wish - but no simple answer i fear. takes ongoing effort + vigilance. more like dealing with a chronic disease
as a retired cop, god fearing catholic im very saddened by all of this
i'm in my thirties and at the point where being asked that actually feels a compliment. xd
i mean a part of me likes how young i look but it can be inconvenient sometimes cuz ppl dont take me seriously xd
examples: bernie sanders has done a good job at trying to actually motivate reticent voters without minimizing the issues they care about
and how is this "minimization" manifest? no democrat is saying that student debt, police killings, and deportations don't matter
here is a meme ...
bought shares of through and
easier said than done, but try not to worry too much. she'll be great!
thanks, alan.
linda davis ceo kicking off the award ceremony! best of luck to all nominations
congrats on a great event! sorry i can't be there, but business travel interfered.
you better win that family reunion invite.
i dunno, looks pretty exclusive
&amp; the 9 stabbing victims in mn who look like this
baby girl, your pictures are not gonna make me run in fear
might be a silly question, but does all the drag race mess ever get to you ?? i can't imagine the responsibility being easy
depends on the day and how much sleep i've gotten haha
yep. i don't know how people wear on ears.
i like on ears a lot, my ears just did not agree with those!
or the glorious - she'd be a joyous dolly!
omg would be simply glorious! let's make this happen.
wowwww lets kbbq asap thats my shit
yassss when it opens! it's across from green rock.
but i will say theres a diff btween the nypd and some of these little towns these things r happening at
that i do agree with u about. i wonder if the south js still behind the times a bit
no college player has ever signed a contract because they risk their lives for schools to get paid hm.
jacoby is taking me to the promise land tonight
too funny bro haha you work downtown?
yup. let's kick it
as americans, you have the right to demonstrate and say what you feel about the current situation. that's american. granted people would...
disagree but that's true for any situation in which sides are present no one can say oh you have no right to believe it. oh stop and be..
canadian teacher jennifer green-johnson has been suspended for saying "why don't you lick me where i fart?" to students, among other things.
very unprofessional &amp; inappropriate but i hollered
oh whatttt!!!! not going to be there until later today but let's be sure to say hi!
ahh man will have to take you through it! looking forward to you panel
aye, don't be talking to my nigga like that or i'll suck you up
if you gonna suck can you swallow too?? i don't like messes.
i've never complained about too many latinos. what's wrong with latinos?
trump hates latinos and he has voiced it many times...he hates blacks and muslims....its in the record,,,
: "transferring to iran palettes of untraceable cash is terrible policy and it puts americans at risk."
you are the best
next sf trip (10/7-10/9) has airbnb 1/2 a block from plow. yay!
let's do this
theres always gonna be aome bad cops just like theres bad teachers,bad football players bad cashiers etc
yes exactly and u cant stop a few from falling thru the cracks
i know but this is not about me haha
i meant im shameless dummy
it's 7am and i'm discussing warcraft lore.
thrall is awesome. everything else is fluff
so same cause he vocals is alll there. like he's singing like him and then he gets all tory lanez out of no where
yeah and then tiller in some areas. it's very odd.
it was like watching your favorite uncle self destruct.
except my favorite uncle isn't s terrible in game manager
i tried facebook but it wasn't a good fit. the page design was too regimented as i'd like my site to be artsy.
i've polled around and most people are suggesting i try compare to square space or wordpress.
why can't i threaten protesters on twitter?
i think it depends on the protesters....
i've finally been activated! thank you for the quality goods . it's love, appreciate it. honor, appr...
can i come over for a seltzer party with u
he's only one guy in a sea of condescension otherwise
see my point about "minimization" though, i voted for bernie but feel like hrc is still being held to account for primary (1/2)
shhhhhhhhh it's too early to make me emotional
its flatlined tbh
great now i'm hungry in two languages
why not satisfy twice the hunger with a 2 topping medium pizza for each?
there needs to be more hot grandma-esc characters
you like them older so they can't run away from you
university of florida product kinda
transfer and red shirted to nc state
turning across a bike lane the dmv-approved way
this is good- i get freaked out when cars do this, since it looks like they don't notice an entire lane is there!
i've never complained about too many latinos. what's wrong with latinos?
trump said...i was a killer and rapist,,,and that his wife was a nude queen
this ones for you as recommended by the
always drink responsibly.
watching our dortmund highlights makes me so emotional
reminds me what we have to look forward to though
see my point about "minimization" though, i voted for bernie but feel like hrc is still being held to account for primary (1/2)
which for all its vitriol was tame compared to '08 (2/2)
while hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, i still respect them all!
what about all the crap you have said about all non white male americans? you don't deserve this presidency.
the weeknd is goat and a actual person. fat ass
look at your groupie ass
thank god i don't live in ny
haters gonna hate
lol i wonder who took this poll, clearly some racist "patriots". couldn't have been black folk
no this is accurate
how come all these corny ass niggas ive dated think they can fight just anybody for no good reason soo extra was never that serious though
fuck that ho he can suck my left nut with his overweight ass
just makes me happy and i can't wait to be with her all the time next year
congrats on your acceptance!!! very excited to be with you next year
nora can legit open every door in the house, and to get out of the house and while that sounds adorable it's actually a pain in the ass
for example, i walked by my front door and nora was sitting on the front steps napping and nobody let her out....
are the at&amp;t models locked to at&amp;t, even i purchase at full price?
at&amp;t iphone 7 &amp; 7 plus devices only with with at&amp;t and t-mobile. no support for verizon &amp; sprint.
&amp; the 9 stabbing victims in mn who look like this
won't sacrifice freedom of religion over security. i told you before
turning across a bike lane the dmv-approved way
and if they don't notice that lane, they might not see me.
one vet's action.rt.marine colonel's letter to nfl commish for allowing national anthem protests--absolutely blazing
yes the military is paying the nfl way too much for goodell to allow this...
has always been racially biased. why are you all acting so astonished and appalled?
i'm neither astonished nor appalled and have been criticizing gay media for years. don't be obtuse.
sorry turns out im racist
the most racist, in fact!!!
ha ok. how's nyc?
sticky, gridlocked, wonderful.
i don't for a second think the iphone plus replaces the ipad mini. that's a wealthy nerd perspective. you don't give a plus to your kids
what if we got a plus-sized ipod touch?
omg but thank you for replying! :d is it the link? or wifi...lol
wifi ... or lack thereof
so i just got accepted to my number one choice for college.
still very happy for you
"our typical reaction to disruption is we laugh, we don't take it seriously - until it takes us out of business."
the flip side :
anyone online on ps4 rn that is really really good at bo3 zombies shadows of evil map? me and a friend need help haha
damn i wish i was home can't help out right now sorry
disagree but that's true for any situation in which sides are present no one can say oh you have no right to believe it. oh stop and be..
quiet. but just as much as you have a right to demonstrate, other people are allowed to give their opinion and their side of the story.
guys, cam newton doesnt need to think like you or express himself like you to be black. we dont all share one brain. lets seek &amp;pursue peace
i just want him to say how he really feels
the movement that we're presently in is a slave rebellion. the descendants of american slaves are rebelling mistreatment
i recently was in australia, tragically, it was as if they were 60yrs. behind the u.s. sad
i'd have to cut into the planks. problematic bc i don't remember where the posts are.
you better leave well enough alone then
you guys going to nets games? time to grab some hot tickets!
i might go once or twice. never paid for a seat in arena. don't like sitting w/fans.
hilarious if it wasn't so sad
fortunately on behalf of the netherlands intervened on
. didn't you write something about the intellectual/policy history of assurance? trying to find.
"intellectual history" is a bit grand. i merely complained that people often misstate howard:
did you guys hear? a shoe store was looted during . not a single pair of work boots were stolen!
muslim obama/criminal hillary legacies!
the cons of being smart and going to nyu
@ the cons of being black and getting in with affirmative action
oh nooo. you're supposed to not use it everyday it's okay it'll wash out eventually
my hair is purple, my showers purple, i'm a mess hahaha
oh my gosh, i loved this movie. let's go see the musical pleaaaase
disclaimer: the show is not like the movie. some songs are there but there are differences
first issue with the watch: it thinks riding the subway counts as exercise. (cc: )
well sometimes it can get your heart rate up.
anybody watch the get down?
my nephew is on that show
location product shoots
- stunning boots, and perfect twinned with our cashmere! great shot as always
we're in charlotte, where city leaders are discussing last night's events and plans going forward. watch on faceboo...
try enforcement of your laws...
apple: your iphone will be locked only if you choose carrier financing from at&amp;t or sprint.
at&amp;t iphone 7 &amp; 7 plus devices only work w/ with at&amp;t and t-mobile. no support for vzw &amp; sprint.
1. that's the job - if police aren't trained well to do that, to control themselves in an extraordinary way in
yes! i dont think i worded that too well. wht i meant was we are trained well to assess the situation correctly,
i don't understand this comment. what's the irony?
i think bullying &amp; trying to silence conservatives, independents &amp; others for not supporting kaepernics action is the irony
hard to believe that this guy wouldn't incorporate historical context into his blm taek.
i have that shirt
when artie texts me "wyd" i know it's time for our nightly phone call
why don't y'all just get married already
dude seriously? don't argue with me with bullshit. the guy in mn is a
american tim mcveigh blew up a building in ok and killed hundreds.
wow, hillary clinton was so insulting to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. i think it will cost her at the polls!
i think hillary was too lenient with her words, probably because she knows how to do proper public speeches.
on ears or *over* or *around* ears? i'm not sure if the naming. the ones that lay on top of your ears vs. around your ears.
oh, damn. good point. i prefer ones that are big enough to go around my ears. the ones that push my ears down hurt a lot.
"we need a more proactive approach for building more prominent affordable housing," says of housing plan.
100% affordable building run by city/gov=projects! separate &amp; unequal! we need more mixed income
totally need your therapists number
yes yes sending this to everyone lol
minus the shoes ( never been a fan of boots of any sort - that outfit is cute!
uggs are the bessttttttt
guys, cam newton doesnt need to think like you or express himself like you to be black. we dont all share one brain. lets seek &amp;pursue peace
he doesn't answer any questions.... at least with a real answer
democrats still enslave more than in past history, it's called welfare. switched the way they controlled them in the 1900s
quite ridiculous to compare welfare to american slavery as it was practiced
no, no you're not. that's the cancelled flight.
oh crap. just checked now :-( ugh!! so what's the later flight then?
i caught 2 people from my private page trying to sell my lines. thats a no-no. i try to be as nice as i can but some people think your dumb.
wasn't me. i promise.
hahahha this is everything thank you joey!!
you're welcome
he's such a gift and kevin is so pure and precious and kirstie is actually mom im ajdjajs
agreed!!!!! they all have that special something
quiet. but just as much as you have a right to demonstrate, other people are allowed to give their opinion and their side of the story.
yet people, on both sides, go my view is correct and if you believe in any other thing, you either are racist, as in the liberal mindset
i heard a great one yesterday: "i've been leaning in my whole life. i want to lie down."
that one digs into my very soul.
dude seriously? don't argue with me with bullshit. the guy in mn is a
killer will fucking kill regardless of their religion or nationality.
fucken jabba the hutt built ass
i'm surprised your mirror hasn't shattered yet. go get some help.
my phone is asking so dumb
what is it asking that's so crazy?
i want an edelman qb package so bad
let's hit that wildcat. bill o'brian must be spinning on what to prepare for. jimmy is gonna dress, jacoby, and jules. fuck.
why is the violent undercurrent of the trump campaign getting so little coverage. .
is that a new media matters piece?
long time man...saw some sessions at was wondering if you were in town?
which town? :-) it is good to hear from you. i am in sfo today and rdu tomorrow
then black ppl are thugs cause they turn to illegal activity to make money, all bc y'all don't wanna hire us lol
then we get put in jail to rot for 30 years because of the "crimes" we commit. the white man is a fucking sociopath
giveaway!!!! courtesy of rules: 1- must follow &amp; on instagram....
really? are you sure?
which for all its vitriol was tame compared to '08 (2/2)
and which resulted in the end in one of most progress part platforms in generations. but is it condescending to say so?
1. that's the job - if police aren't trained well to do that, to control themselves in an extraordinary way in
what i meant was.. cops are already trained to hold back until there is no other recourse but to use their fa&gt;
cat.ducasse1
done | infamous blah blah is me
dude seriously? don't argue with me with bullshit. the guy in mn is a
you're scapegoating refugees and so is hat cunt
with pleasure
thanks. you're such a pro.
now we know why he refuses to apologize for his birtherism. he didn't really mean to take it back at all
dirty donald, his minions and intelligent people knew this all along the only ones duped by this was msm
this flight just took an epic turn for the better. excellent programming
ball is life
remember kid who booed kristaps porzingis on draft day? kristaps took him to task. (via cryingknicksfan/instagram)
i'm sorry to bore a lot of fans may miss thinks he's the real deal
y'all's suspected white supremacist troll tears are very refreshing.
what do you consider a " white supremacist sir? is it anyone who is white or something else?
fall has officially begun!
the pumpkin spice must flow!
thought i was the only one yo
nopeeee lol you know my eating habits are horrible
in context, this quote was saying "experiment on devtools, or in your 20% time, or off hour, not in the critical pa...
... stop going after and lecturing her about how this quote hurts marginalized groups, infringes on your weekends, etc
16. last year colleagues and i put together a little coursepack i'll be sharing w/students who are interested. hit me up if you want it.
grant.wythoff.com thanks!
listening to ether omw to work &amp; i still don't understand how niggas could say jay won after that.
jay won in life thats why
very into this and wondering what other folks get! (mine is an irish wolfhound.)
i got pheasant this thing is terrible
3 episodes deep and stranger this has done nothing for me. more like foreshadowing things.
this is exactly how i felt about it too.
yes, but they're rare! so far i've seen one hippogriff, one occamy and a unicorn...
is nicolas cage, a true mystical patronus, available?
feel free to join in and start the discussion! we are interested in what you have to say! what platforms do you us...
starting a poll. what website builder would you use to make a website?
1. that's the job - if police aren't trained well to do that, to control themselves in an extraordinary way in
and i just think its impossible to avoid a lot of these things. &amp; you are always gonna have a few bad apples
ol hitch ass niggas
nah bruh just been wit them hayward hoes. they cant control shit they not mentally ready.
because if you're no warning about heterosexuality as well as bisexuality, guess what? you are being bi-phobic. sorry to burst your bubble.
and then there's the conflation of sexuality and gender identity.
ooh i'm kind of in the market for a colorist. where is yours?
i go to linden in crown heights and see jacob!
lol - i discovered my patronus is a tortoiseshell cat on j.k. rowling's . find yours:
this test was cool as fuck though.
hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured, get well soon. we need unity &amp; leadership.
this lack of unity and this fear everyone is acting upon us all your fault.
just received breaking news there's a sunset on long island/nyc!
do you have any friends in la
i'll be there as well but can't stay for too long
same here need to get to moscone after that
thanks. continue to wonder why men seemed to wear such nice hats while doing such tough labor.
indeed ! sometimes a man is not his labor...he is simply his hat! ha. :)
fuck it actually hurts to have made this joke i love freya she does not deserve this
best game. most underused character in that game tho.
quite a feat looking like this though, have got to give that to...
flirting bill &amp; coughing hillary: the blood running through their veins green from cgi donations
damn girl!!! it's like a war zone in there. if i were you i'd try swartzkopft blondme it's amazing and it's not purple
i'm definitely gonna have to try that! thanks pretty you're the best miss u!!
y'all's suspected white supremacist troll tears are very refreshing.
did you know 2 unarmed white men were killed on the same day by police, sir?
i think we had 2-3 on like fifa 13 maybe? united vs united
man phil are you on the xbone? add us and we can do a tourney lmao
depressing traffic from airport this morning. perfect welcome back off a red eye
but the weather!
thank you so much! rt : good morning kerry! it was great to see you at the desk ...
you very welcome kerry!!!! :)
ya mentions had me so frustrated i had to remember i don't talk to ppl on the first level of self awareness &amp; history.
the whole time i was nah this guy just trying to get a rise out of me he cannot believe this
i want an edelman qb package so bad
also fucking kent state!!!! god damn i love jules. he was the pride of the school when i went there.
"jordan is a winning mentality." knows.
the lighting here is sucky
extraordinarily dangerous situations, then they need more/better help/training to do so. they-like teachers-should
funny but i did both thankless jobs. i was good at both but i was a great teacher because i loved my kids &amp; did&gt;
no contortionistist just tired of victim mentality of people.
yeah, i'm sure. any cites to prove to statements or you just talking out your ass?
i ain't got too much freedom but they can't operate if i'm not there
right! i'm all for the boycott. just gotta cop my bud sunday so i ain't gotta go nowhere monday lol
to voteh&amp;o=1mil+2=bloodonyourhands!&lt;idiots
obamaleavingwh2xsaweek 2campaignhard4hillary geniuswillbrainwashu: his'legacy'=2completeradofthew europe&gt;h sayswilltopitwmost
- what are these electrolytes? do you even know?
i love alamo drafthouse so much! i might need to bring my kleenex to this screening in lieu of popcorn
mmm smothered and covered fries???
yeah, they give you a fork to eat them
so, signed up for 's ff program. i get a login number, 10 digits. go to log in: "8 digits max". what. *strips leading zeros* -_-
i know this pain.
extraordinarily dangerous situations, then they need more/better help/training to do so. they-like teachers-should
not do it for the $!
who tryna collab on a track? send me info and beats
you a producer or mc?
you should have received a notification. re-check in to get your new boarding pass.
argh just got the email now. pain! going home.
man phil are you on the xbone? add us and we can do a tourney lmao
i dont pre-order games but i somehow always manage to get the game on the first day. :|
i don't get paid until maana lol how much is it
wait hahaha hella expensive for tech n9ne...$36
finally can go to beddd ^^ it's nearly 5 am.... work tomorrow morning is gonna be delightful l-lol
annnddd i wake up around 5 am.
marijuana drastically shrinks aggressive form of brain : study ...
use blocks prodisease processes 2lower cancer-diabetes-alzheimers risks
or hailies revenge or go to sleep
i just relistened that quavo song fire too
after a 40 minute walk to juan's, there might be chicken. !
absolutely hilarious! i love juan likes rice &amp; chicken and chickens!
i dont pre-order games but i somehow always manage to get the game on the first day. :|
my community isn't that into fifa i guess...
thanks a lot for accepting my talk on spring boot for javaland 2017! looking forward to riding the co...
cool, see you !
we've got on right now talking about his amazing patty hearst book.
oh is all trump
specifically, don't want `class c { static x: 43; x: 42; }` but do want `static` after c++/java.
can you share more concretely why it requires different syntax?
wow, what a bizarre comment. does your profession define everything you do and say?
i'd say yes, an author has a gift to put a thought out to communicate &amp; open minds, not insult.
here's how the accelerator will incubate the best ideas for fighting hunger: via
how can we apply?
cold brew and photoshops are your gasoline
can't go a day without my photoshops
48 combined all-star appearances by garnett, duncan, kobe. would be by far most by a trio retiring at same time. next most? 34...
if kg doesn't play another game, all 3 would be eligible for the hof in the same year right?
high of 68 tomorrow, will feel like blizzard weather after all this heat!
oh wow yes it will sweetie. get out the woolies!
hi! when i click sign in, the page refreshes, and when i click register it says i'm already a su and links to dashboard.
that's odd, try clearing your cache or a different browser &amp; then go to if nothing else email me- tori@
"we cannot return violence with violence" in charlotte, black gop senator says
i think it may be a little too late for that hyperbole. they already turned violent.
planning a trip with a ton of recos from friends and its fascinating to see how everyone structures their google docs/quips/etc.
uncertain a product like google trips could ever hope to solve the myriad of use cases and mental models that people have. spreadsheets ftw
remember that chick who torpedoed herself over being in love with some guy who wasn't even in that scene? she gets to be fanservice now.
it's like every time a woman is on screen let's take a hot second to trivialize her and then go back to the plot.
new weeknd feat daft punk
honestly tho where's my daft punk tour
great round-up of what and the team have built - super innovative toys-to-life excitement!
many thanks alex, very kind of you to say so :)
bring your company on down to the . to chicago companies: invest your dollars here
will keep wages down, crush unions and workers rights while keeping pesky "takers" from voting!
constraint on guns would help - fewer guns should help make it easier to identify potential threats
yeah it certainly might bit thats the whole 2nd amendment argument which is another calamity
this is simultaneously incoherent *and* anti-2nd amendment, which his supporters at will love.
it so subtle racial profiling implied here too. mcveigh will have no trouble with his truck of diesel and fertilizer.
please explain why you do't like to sit with fans. watching lin's games with lin fans is awesome!!
in press box nobody allowed to cheer. i covered over 1,000 games in noisy arenas and hate noise
can you share more concretely why it requires different syntax?
i can believe that it being different provides value, but what value isn't obvious
the real question is can i make it to hagan in 8 minutes ...
update : made it with 4 minutes to spare
since mary berry, sue and mel are staying with , they could easily make their own bake off and just replace paul.
yes please
the senate has cleared the way for a $1.15 billion arms sale to saudi arabia. find out more:
what the f**k???
hp article that seems fairly unbiased but the editor had the change that by adding this... let the peop...
you're just barely noticing this, tina? huffpo has been running this since last year, it's not bias when facts are cited...
. "we have to be open about it's one country and one rule of law."
watched interviews held in minn.w/muslims wanting to live home under sharia law rather than amer.send themback
i debate going vegetarian a lot but then i think of bacon and dismiss the idea
what if i told you there was vegan bacon
the therapeutic benefits of marijuana are derived from the interactions of cannabinoids &amp; the human body's own endocannabinoid system.
yes, but w/other receptors also-vanilloid etc. cannabis use adjusts&amp;directs our physiology toward health
aw man lol my bad bro ...... u need to chill relax and blow one
haha honestly the best for of meditation is running for me
i can believe that it being different provides value, but what value isn't obvious
at least to me, but i suspect it could be cleared up quickly
a brief moment of humans doing what they do best: making communities. when i realised computing was now digital, &amp; digital was not for geeks
twitter has become an extension of other communities for me; most folks i follow are from meat space or smaller online communities
so many congrats to homebrew on the 1.0.0 release. i don't know what i'd do without it (well, i'd cry a lot more).
same. their contribution tooling is awesome too! such a well run project!
only person who saves me at work
seriously your the only person who gets me here
the big issue is the belief that the party system as constructed can't actually fix them though
but does anyone believe a trump presidency would change that? his candidacy has shown that party infrastructure is malleable.
great piece on his excellent film call me lucky he's at next week
and call me lucky is available on netflix.
a court has ruled banning dreadlocks in the workplace is legal. is this a form of discrimination? weigh in.
it's not discrimination. it is a violation of the first amendment of the constitution.
i know! love it! ps i'm coming over for dinner. i wanna be fat too
more then welcome and send me your special request i'll make what ever you want..
i totally forgot to post this, but this was the cutest donut i've ever had vanilla icing with whipped cream inside...
looks like ice cream with a shell
and the comments by lombardi this morning doubling down on having abdelkater lolz
i like kessel embracing the nhl "villain/scapegoat" role.
meanwhile on the news, this interviewer (rudely) asked this woman "why are you here?"
while i understand the sista's pain i would have liked to have heard how he asked the question
i am not ashamed. my icy head stands proud.
you are everything wrong with america, humanity.
can you explain this, ?
i have no words. just silent gazes.
scale model, the betaworks-backed tool for audience targeting, goes self serve | techcrunch
this would be great in vr
so it was a productive night, . yes pls lmk lmk
damn, profound. you're really so right
nope claims of "muh oppression" can be dismissed with out evidence.
yup. thought so, just say "i'm talking out my ass." own it. we know you're dumb already. it's not a secret
italian stallions at the san gennaro feast photo by gingon25
like u didn't know forget east side is your hood u know what's up
the spirit, who inspired holy scripture, lives forever, &amp; he delights to open the word to those who seek his instruction. charles spurgeon
knowing this first, that no prophecy of scripture is of any private interpretation 2 peter 1:20-21
my chances of getting to class on time? 9_9 cool stuff
rip the dream
i'm this close to cussing out my provost loloolol
drag ben carson!!! (what happened)
pretty much us. got any cool ideas from your last trip to home goods?
currently obsessing over crystals and furs!
guys i uploaded my entry on the 12 &amp; it hasn't processed...
was that normal? how do i know that you guys saw my entry?
can i very respectfully offer that perhaps cops are not adequately prepared? perhaps the level of preparation
uhh well i can say this.. i went through the academy a while ago. i learned on the streets from the older cops. i
i've never retweeted anything faster in my life
it's too relatable lmao
yet people, on both sides, go my view is correct and if you believe in any other thing, you either are racist, as in the liberal mindset
or a cop hater, in the conservative mindset.
all registered for ! can't wait!
see you there! woot! woot!
i don't think this is "lesser evil" choice. clinton is a rock star. trump is more like a rock.
another clinton can make a difference? isn't def of insanity doing the same thing over and over &amp; expect a different outcome
i'm just sharing the article. i get why.
i know. pointing out to the twitters
nope claims of "muh oppression" can be dismissed with out evidence.
always the anons. no pic, spitting bullshit, hiding online. same old shit.
c:\systemboot\config c:\access.emotionmain c:\emotionmain.angerprotocol c:\run.suppresscough c:\run.angerprotocol
a fatal exception 0e has occured at 0028:c562gf1b7 in vxd ctpci9x(05)
i think blondes in white yoga pants might be my fav. 16 more beautiful blondes:
i'd push you out of the way to be first.
the big issue is the belief that the party system as constructed can't actually fix them though
it's ahistorical to believe that someone electing the most regressive president in over 200 yrs will accomplish anything
will you tell me if a tweet is good?
no. you must discover this for yourself, my son
twitter has become an extension of other communities for me; most folks i follow are from meat space or smaller online communities
which is interesting, in that twitter is how i can subtly/passively blend communities from various parts of my life
new negan gif to brighten or frighten your day! "we're just getting started."
i hate you
i woke up feeling good today. let's see how long i can make this last
1.5 hours. a new record
when you're trying to sleep off the but your neighbor is a violinist
i'm so over the
this journey gets even better i asked to at least give me a window seat. seems that they forgot to...
.....and, i'm sure that the one next to it is not in an isle.
in your avi are those too long shorts or too short pants??
those are true religion. $200. on your face is that from acne or were you just face fucked from birth?
your tweets always get a lot of attention from me. i only expect the same in return.
thanks, it's good to have anecdotal feedback to confirm the cutting edge analytics. i wish i could your tweets more than once.
hey looters! what board game would be terrifying if it came to life and why? your answer could win you some free stuff!
mansion of maddness! real freaky game and in a spooky mansion...i'd pee my pants for sure.
fans, do you agree with the poll that colin kaepernick is the most disliked player in the nfl? 888-957-9570.
was already like this over the last two years before the stance stance didn't help
what was the presale code the one i was givin didn't work :/
5c9d863b61 - that's the code we used!
can i very respectfully offer that perhaps cops are not adequately prepared? perhaps the level of preparation
do believe they can make the tactics house:role plays more comprehensive with cops in the field after they
why is mlk the only black person that racists know? john lewis is still alive, belafonte &amp;... oh. you don't want anyone who can talk back.
cuz he's one they shut up
would you like to see whites a minority in italy?
where i live are a minority. we are doing just fine. about italy, i don't give a shit, i left that close-minded bs country
yeah, yeah! i hear you! innocent people shot down in the street... but what really killed them: damn victim mentality!
right? stop being a victim and bullets will just bounce off you.
you existed? *shrug* (that's about what i figure my joints being mad at me are mad about, anyway. *g*)
this one is new. trying to figure out if it's caused by some change, or an injury, or ... just my body.
"the folly of the protest vote" don't b bamboozled by the 2 parties who've sold us out. v...
lol hello rose - knew jill could count on you
plenty of room man over 2400 sq ft. come on!
oh we ballin!
amazing presentation!!! we need you in mexico!
thank you so much! let's say hi!
making beats doesn't make you a producer..
yes it does..... engineers do the recording session some producers do it as well it is 3 types of producers
it's ahistorical to believe that someone electing the most regressive president in over 200 yrs will accomplish anything
and if it comes off as condescension, it's bc it's deeply angering to those of us who's lives will be in danger under trump
did y'all see the vagina rejuvenation by dr. miami? the actual procedure is fine; the thought of a loosey goosey...
his snapchat is so entertaining
can i very respectfully offer that perhaps cops are not adequately prepared? perhaps the level of preparation
leave the academy. i just dont know if they're already doing that here in the nypd already
...started! :) *bethannyn 2/2
thanks. sent. i hope this can be resolved!
i drunk collaged my view from the show last night
that looks fckng cool!
so energized by this awesome human of at
would love to catch you guys!
barrett and wingard have said that the creature seen in the film was not actually the witch herself. fwiw.
fuck em. change the title of the fucking movie then.
the has endorsed a candidate that wants nationalized street searches for guns.
check that only blacks will lose their 2nd amendment rights. whites folks are exempt
but mdadm already has support for intel rst, and dan williams contributed srt patches back in apr 14.
still need kernel support for the controller
toya isnt at the top 15 for the recent award stuff but just keep a watch on the border and just play casually?
im just scared i might fall asleep and wake up after it's too late d=
don't get at them hayward hoes lmao
just stating facts.
i wish desh would get out of india's ass we don't owe them anything
bnp supporters dead complain abt how the country is basically run by india lmaoo
like sit down and look at your life. seriously.
lol it's really asking alot for you not to pull ya tittes out in public huh?
yes, but they're rare! so far i've seen one hippogriff, one occamy and a unicorn...
i'd imagine someone having a patronus like that would have to be very in tune with the "happy place" they need to generate it...
i got the washed vibes on deck out here lol. fall through
lol! that's all i got here too bra.
innocent? show me one that followed instructions had no record and officer not disciplined if both before true.
uh, the guy helping the autistic dude. laying on the floor hands in the air with no weapon. doing nothing wrong.
just landed in chicago! now about that visit to my psychic here...
ugh i wanna go see a psychic so bad
this test was cool as fuck though.
also let's be honest it makes perfect sense that my patronus is a tortoiseshell cat.
voya's editor in chief's biphobic response illustrates the need for people to be _encouraged_ to read books featuri...
also it may illustrate the need for a warning on . "may include bashing and phobia and god knows what other f*ckery."
or a cop hater, in the conservative mindset.
to clarify, when someone is trying to tell you to be quiet i mean they are either thing to forcefully shut you up or try to bring in factors
more censoring and silencing from by suspending .....absolutely insane.
do you see the irony of complaining about twitter, on twitter?
should be altered or adjusted.
thats a great point. i try to tell ppl who see a video and are ready to just fry the cop this: what civilians do&gt;
stop eating things like french fries, chips, or anything with a ton of sugar
what are your thoughts cauliflower rice?
it's truly shocking. it also explains the jump straight to filing for divorce as opposed to "time apart" or whatever
absolutely. if this has been going on and escalated into this incident, it's time to pull that cord.
the problem for me is....why do they keep going back into the house? i'm so angry at them i'm not scared.
because they have 10 more episode to fill??
i will not. seek and ye shall find.
ok you got it. game on!!!
nope just don't entertain "muh oppression" anymore.
holy shit you're dumb.
finished it, liked it. but no excuse for the tech issues &amp; jank, even at $40. also, it forces repetitive grinding to beat it :-(
haven't gotten that far so can't say. game doesn't feel like a 6 or some of the lower scores it got on meta so far tho
also it may illustrate the need for a warning on . "may include bashing and phobia and god knows what other f*ckery."
i, on the other hand, always come with a warning for strong language.
omg is performing at this years in december !!!!
i guess we going to chicago for the weekend
"why aren't i 50 points ahead?" do hrc and her supporters not realize how that sense of entitlement rubs people the wrong way?
if they did, they would probably be up 50 pts.
i hope everyone has an amazing day!
you too
finally checking out per ghost by lewis &amp; leigh
get ready to fall in love! faves: "heart don't want" "piece of gold" "devil's in the details" "heartbeat" cc:
force some homosexuality down my throat tbh
can we both force it down your throat ;) a little raccoon double teaming ;)
have a look at the where this is discussed, looks delayed
thanks! i hadn't been able to find a forum where this was being discussed.
personally, this is how i feel when watching the mets.
last night was the most mismanaged game i've ever watched
what has her "beauty" got to do with all these? (i've seen repeatedly a "beauty" reference when they tweet about ni...
wait for the likes of to ridicule her for the same reason
i think it's at nyff. are you going this year?
definitely but new york comic con unfortunately overlaps.
can former congressman anthony weiner face criminal charges for sexting with a 15-year-old girl?...
what do u think?
why not? there are plenty of people who are excellent at their job - truly excellent - who at least partly
not understand is every state's penal code/penal law allows for the use of dpf (deadly phys force) as the very
great! seeing in october and want to bring him some!
awesome! make sure to take pics!
praying 4 his family
thank you n good morning
yes, canada's world cup goal song is actually 'we dem boyz' by (video) via
did usa have one or did torts screw that up too
looking for abusive partners to send me some beats
check these beats out
to clarify, when someone is trying to tell you to be quiet i mean they are either thing to forcefully shut you up or try to bring in factors
that are not relevant to the situation, such as gender race and make it seem as though having these qualities makes it seem you have no...
the ghost in the vc machine
wonder if it's a very targeted phishing scheme, or if the "conversion service" is/was a front to install malware.
apparently i'm a mean person, who woulda thought
people your height tend to be that way
i'm often guilty of that then. ;-) sometimes i don't get to those until end of day.
it's annoying when it's the same person over and over again. but, i can understand...
that are not relevant to the situation, such as gender race and make it seem as though having these qualities makes it seem you have no...
say in the current situation.
i just seen a girl spark up a itty bitty blunt at school she gettin buzzed b4 chem class or summ
fr tho she aint getting high off that small ass blunt
one world trade center ("freedom tower").
you are standing on my corner
i have a deep respect for bottoms
heh... deep.
"axel f" 1984 beverly hills cop harold faltermeyer. it was an international number 1 hit 1985.
lol awwe i love it. i need that too lol
hello one question on the parcc may include three parts, each of which may have 7 options,
extremely rare to have such. nearly 80% of the questions are type i machine graded.
he gets a lot of media scrutiny for his pronouncements while trump says whatever he wants without consequence.
i keep saying that trump has a low bar....but actually it's no bar!
happy birthday to an amazing leader &amp; even better friend! you are one of a kind, , thanks for all you do for so many!
you are a sweetheart!! thank you so much!
girl i have real trauma to unpack one day.
i'm here for it. christianity is one of the four major hotep religions
rip solestruck, my favorite online shoe store.
wut!? they're done??
yes, but they're rare! so far i've seen one hippogriff, one occamy and a unicorn...
what's your patronus?
what chu talkin bout willis
it was a response to a retweet
finally finding out who went over the balcony.
it makes sense anika was too important of a character she had just married lucious pregnant.rhonda wasn't anything:/
happy birthday!! i deadass miss you more dont let her fool you
lol thank you!! miss you too
getting paid every two weeks sucks still though
that's s fact
did...did you snap any photos of the hunks? you know, for science...
no, i was too flustered and embarrassed
why not? there are plenty of people who are excellent at their job - truly excellent - who at least partly
last resort &amp; 2) when the cop is indeed in fear for his/her life or that of another persons.so when u have a &gt;
., what does this mean? total staff working? passengers? why not indicator bar? or average time tak...
6 people doing the security in the whole airport ?
im googlable . i know you scammers know how to search information
lmaoooo you on your "google me bitch" vibes
apologies, you can correct at anytime by going online to or email support.com
it was my own fault for not logging in! not yours thank you though!
how is a nigga gonna tell me to pay him for a verse when my beats got more views than his songs fuck outta here wit dat u pay me
its not about views he want a beat he need to pay the producer
either or at either one would be cool to see ya in action
we'll be at next week!
funny how trump became racist only after he ran as a rep. when consid a dem there was no prob
. trump's history has always had racial overtones.
if you click "follow" on the stream page it'll email you when i'm streaming.
i did that it's just that soon as i got home from working a 12 hour shift i passed out and missed the stream
1 has created thousands of jobs and is named trump and the other lost millions of jobs and is named obama
wat other fun facts u got?
uncertain a product like google trips could ever hope to solve the myriad of use cases and mental models that people have. spreadsheets ftw
_pretty_ good though for a general planning and discovery though
trump doesn't realize/care that 90% of stopped-and-frisked new yorkers were completely innocent. 80%+ of them were...
and how would that work in an open carry state??
funny how trump became racist only after he ran as a rep. when consid a dem there was no prob
. trump's history has always had racial overtones.
and if it comes off as condescension, it's bc it's deeply angering to those of us who's lives will be in danger under trump
an uncharitable reading wound be to say that millennial voters act as though they have a monopoly on disenfranchisement
latest episode of the show is here. we talk top 10 westerns w/ the great ! watch it here:
no tombstone, young guns, posse, quick and thedead, bad girls, american outlaws, appaloosa, bone tomahawk?!
thank you , , , and for the likes and retweets! hope you enjoy ep. 43!
i really enjoyed it! thanks for putting it together.
so wait ms should be a mouse but you guys had articles like wildfire ? i don't get it, clear as day bullshit
the attack was relentless on xb1 over minor resolution and fps stuff. as if we were getting a completely different game
so wait ms should be a mouse but you guys had articles like wildfire ? i don't get it, clear as day bullshit
the attack was relentless on xb1 over minor resolution and fps stuff. as if we were getting a completely different game
until then i'll just show up on high holy days and do my best. lol
i do the same. i pop in, say hey to family and bid them adieu until easter.
i like the way it's written in english first, then translated into french below...what's the point??
a bit of continental flair!
. weigh in on socially conscious raps and new school rappers knowing their history
what created 'so far gone' was '808s &amp; heartbreak.' wouldn't have been none of that without kid cudi-
very excited to download and play . i only play on my ipad however. they're too good to be played on phone
the ipad screens are so perfect for pixel art games!
not sure what's more suspicious...a pressure cooker or seeing a grown man on the subway holding a coffee and season 1 of two broke girls.
that shit ainr right!!!
why not? there are plenty of people who are excellent at their job - truly excellent - who at least partly
situation where the cop fires and hits/kills a person he/she ordered to not move and the person pulls out 4ex&gt;
i love in texas too
&amp; i live in ny.
you must be real desperate if you made another fb acct to have two tinder profiles
who on earth
talk to us.... how's everyone?
doing good when i get my paycheck watch out lol
american tail? aladdin? emperor's new groove?
nope, nope, and nope. not to say they're not great, rescuers is just my jam!
dead had sleep paralysis for the first time in pino's room smh.
nothing better than when blanco merked and connor in their own crib in pong
5 yrs ago today, i thought i was going to lose my baby. i will forever be in debt to for not hesita...
today, she gives me shade for leaving the house.
i didn't realize this difference until now. i need over ear for my delicate
i have the same problem.
an uncharitable reading wound be to say that millennial voters act as though they have a monopoly on disenfranchisement
it's not a fair reading, i admit, but it's an easy one to arrive at, given the stakes
who's picking up one of these today
im still shook
omg this lasagna looks delicious! to think it all started w/ a leftover piece of meatloaf!
that is ok pass some on
meh just being super cautious with a sick bub.
always better safe than sorry. all the hugz to you and your awesome family &lt;3&lt;3
the spirit of mlk was fatally shot in the neck on a hotel balcony.
they forgot about that.
the attack was relentless on xb1 over minor resolution and fps stuff. as if we were getting a completely different game
now some want to cry cause scorpio will have advantage? they get no sympathy from me
floof man is all out of sorts without our parents to protect him.
his little brow is furrowed. someone comfort him. nip will help.
the attack was relentless on xb1 over minor resolution and fps stuff. as if we were getting a completely different game
yep totally now they are pretending it's no big deal? wat!!! go watch ign report, theh mock it , where was this in 2013
it's the "unknown publisher"" message that triggered the notification.
this is new to me i'll check on it next week post-oow
the guy's existence is a bad joke but at least takeuchi brings the joke to life before the writers beat it to death
isn't kuromukuro a mecha, does takeuchi at least get a cool robot?
i also hope the cute guy at sparc is working today
he said he'll get a haircut from me
that opinion you gave is the liberal party line. that's abuse of authority!!!!
ohhhh.... i get it. you are an anonymous idiot who knows nothing about anything. copy that.
a price tag doesn't make them cool, &amp; yeah it's acne. naturally oily skin a bitch. but you got a damn peanut head on yo shoulders
and i have a pink head on my dick too.
oh no! please send us a dm with your email address and we will have a rep reach out to help correct the issue.
too late- got someone else to fix it. site is not user friendly; left me baffled. don't know why it was used 1st place.
...naah! i would rather have 70 that i can truly interact than 70,000 strangers. p.s. i never forget
so true! it's so easy to get lost in the clutter of minds here on twitter. i only follow people whose minds i could get along w/
now that we have the ability to record 4k quality video on our phones, some at 60fps, where are all the ufo videos from multiple angles?
the truth has been revealed that "ufo" sightings are just blurry, pixelated bs from weaker recording devices!
and pull it too maybe idk
pretty much fhdjshfjs
always starting thursday right
i got it too bruh we out here.
omg my dumbass didnt know that photoville is today
sooooo im caught off guard right now because i have to present in front of 150 students representing icp
why not? there are plenty of people who are excellent at their job - truly excellent - who at least partly
an object from their pocket, its black and lets say its at night &amp; the lighting is poor, the cop has to make that
unsure. seems like a lot of work for relatively low reward.
true, but if you could install sleeper malware on a c level executive's computer, only need one great lead to pay off.
you know it's going to be a good day when you cruise into the gas station like this.
i forgot you lived in the south::.
always been a melo guy
sat behind the nuggets bench in 2007 or 2008 and watched him destroy the knicks
missed coaches :(
missed my samurai shirt gotta do resale
daily call into our account manager to see where my new iphone is.
in another county far away land i am best friends with apple support in portugal over my broken phone
what is the title of this song its gonna kill me
"on and on"
the island of puerto rico suffers a massive blackout. thanks to the incompetent goverment and the irresponsability of the aee. no power.
actually, we would say that the blackout was caused by 400 years of colonizers raping the island of resources.
- here is the link to studies i was talking about
thanks for sharing and for the awesome/informative talk!
i'm probably the only person that doesn't go crazy over pumpkin spice everything
i don't either!
happy thursday !!!!!!!!! i think debate is trump's last stand. he's gonna melt like a popsicle at the equator !
happy thursday jim! our will make trump melt!
ugh is so cute
thanks for the compliment! making my day!!
see you soon, nyc!
um hi you're coming to town ?!
he's been here less than a year and got this done.
he making progress. but why he gotta pledge his own bread?
why not? there are plenty of people who are excellent at their job - truly excellent - who at least partly
split second decision to shoot and shoot center mass to stop the threat not to kill. anyway, if it turns out the
thank you to the best work friends ever at !! you make coming to work on my birthday...
happy birthday :)
at least fnl s2 had a few worthwhile plotlines and episodes. not entirely sure what s2 of robot accomplished (and i loved s1).
i hear ya! gotta love an argument/comparison that leaves no room for misunderstanding
he said national
of course he did, and of course he lied
i do wish more time was spent in this campaign telling us why clinton is great, rather than trump awful
you should actually read it.
say in the current situation.
basically, anybody and everybody has a right to voice their opinion, receive criticism or acclaim, and try to bring about change peacefully
. ?4u ss r getting a message when using the wevideo phone app &amp; web app...
i'll look into it right away. can you dm me more info? or email johnk
do you have any tips for people to prepare for that time? i'm already bracing myself to be depressed for months.
for me november and december are fine, it's february that gets to me.
can't wait till my culottes come in the mail
see if you can spot me in my culottes today
i need to b drinking more fluids i'm fallin in love w water
congratulations big cuz on my lil cuz
google fit app takes care of it all.
thanks! hmm, android. can't test directly. will have to check if it's in the library to see if we can include it in phc.
25 seconds into the intro to the girl with the dragon tattoo. mindfucked.
wtf why are you watching this without me
always exciting to be re-deploying code to production that caused a breaking incident last time you deployed it!
it's the equivalent of building a giant lego tower, smashing it, melting the pieces, then building...
fuck my rant. i'm done yo, it's whatever.
it's whatever. ya know, feeling good, livin better - drake
thanks bbgirl, i woke up pleasanlty surprised this morning lmao
i saw your snaps and it reminded me of your drunk origami tutorial
north dakota has exactly 10 and you can visit them all in one day! it's like the worlds most depressing...
that keeps the suicide hotline pretty busy.
leave it to a dutch shepard to solve the nfl's problems. touching story from . via
if a pitbull is unavailable, the dutch shepard is definitely the dog you want!
drum roll please!! the winners of 2016 pune is team mc creative crew!
. congratulation guys.
do you have any tips for people to prepare for that time? i'm already bracing myself to be depressed for months.
plants, meditation, babies, and getting out in the day light as much as possible!
200 million yahoo users hacked!
yup, but back to hillary's emails that might have been hacked
thank you for giving valuable time in
sorry couldn't participate today.
. actress is featured inside 's 2016 fall issue!
what an amazing photo!
i draw kaz and my head immediately starts hurting stop....... let kaz chill... let me chill
draws kaz and instantly ages 20 years and hairs start to go grey
happy 1st day of fall sweet running friends! ...
happy fall girlie! hope it brings wonderful things..including weather &amp; runs xxx
before the move, visiting players saw coliseum and marriott and nothing else.
and now what do they see?
so what exactly does "business alignment" mean here?
you have to hope that the business understands its mission/purpose/measurable goals/concrete metrics :-)
wish i had one reliable person to travel with me in may i just need one person.
where u headed?
is currently experiencing delays averaging 33 mins due to weather / low ceilings
a delay program for is no longer in effect
true, but if you could install sleeper malware on a c level executive's computer, only need one great lead to pay off.
i mean, between the two (so far) fake vcs they couldn't have spent more than $1-2k on sites and content, if that.
the only thing i hate about psychology is that we have no test or quizzes . 4 exams pass or fail . no retakes . i been studying like shit
&amp; the fact that i don't have my textbook just makes it even worse
it's on repeat
but did you buy it though
i don't think he had to... just showing how much he wanted it done.
ehhhh makes since. when is it supposed to be done?
my new book is "nobody: casualties of america's war on the vulnerable, from ferguson to flint and beyond" order now!
really enjoyed your conversation w/ on code switch about the book. bold *&amp;* super well-informed props for change.
until now i'm fine thx for asking
good to hear. what u got coming up
supreme runs out of stock within the first 5 damn minutes every time smh
no why was the subtotal 260$??????
all these diggities running around but we all know there's only one og.
she's kay diggity, yes she's the real diggity, all the other little diggities are just saying giggedy...
they are trousers, rod.
not when you're tweeting from america dear
rediscovering your twitter and loving every second of it.
well my day is now made thank you very much
i'm currently sitting at -$585,000.
you bought a house
you again i already told you these ppl will throw u off a roof. hush now.
i guess these discussions don't matter. you're voting for trump &amp; i'm voting against him.
basically, anybody and everybody has a right to voice their opinion, receive criticism or acclaim, and try to bring about change peacefully
but when people start endangering others' lives and well being, then the cause they are fighting for is pointless, as in the case with
coming soon : zero data loss and recovery appliance will also backup your filesystems !
where did you hear this?
latest episode of the show is here. we talk top 10 westerns w/ the great ! watch it here:
should've just called it the old time western top 10
why not? there are plenty of people who are excellent at their job - truly excellent - who at least partly
objects not a gun and the cop shot because he absolutely felt he could be shot/killed &amp;he can articulate that&gt;
go get her! you got this!
im gonna casually bump into her after class lol
bought a girl a palette before. definitely wasn't $6
elf is literally the cheapest makeup out there
. to colorado women's alliance: "all issues are women's issues" &amp; trump will provide the jobs, strength...
are you actually appearing on ?
cuba: the conversation continues was nominated for a latin grammy yesterday. congrats to all musicians, guests, pro...
congratulations to you, my friend. it is well deserved on all levels.
team pour over. i've only knocked the chemex on the floor, shattering it, like twice.
coffee is hard.
or blockbuster broadway musicals, tickets to which are sold out till the year 7000.
as charles barkley once said, "as soon as you become rich, everything is free"
i'm gonna spam y'all for a bit, but i wanna shout out some people who stayed up until 12am to help start off my special day!
i'm the bad dad who didn't
having black played by a woman (regardless of race) would have turned it into queenie having a lesbian affair!
not that there's anything wrong with that, if it were the original intent of the author or if he gave permission for change.
i mean...do you think millennials and unmotivated poc don't know that their lives will probably be worse off under trump?
the narrative that's being pushed is that this isn't a compelling enough reason because (1/2)
i guess it depends on your job and what else you have going. i can get 300 emails in a day...
just a pet peeve, work related. actually, i have very few people i trust that get right back to me. i make sure 2 do same
on today says that trump only has to "act" like a prez... hillary has to "prove" that she's...
translate: again a girl has to work her ass off for an honorable mention. was was silent?
from now on opec will hold monthly meetings for markets to frontrun, just in case oil prices start reflecting rising glut and falling demand
aren't inventories decreasing
why not? there are plenty of people who are excellent at their job - truly excellent - who at least partly
then there almost always will not be an indictment by a grand jury because if their were circumstances that show
im so shook i have trig rn snd im scresming
im shakignngnsnsnsns i have to go to work today how will i fucking work today and we see melanie tomorrow
i see the is running its own organized "outrage machine" against . who's pushing the buttons?
i'm happy the times finally exposed brock's propaganda outlets.
is going on tour again
i've spent waaay to much money on this band, but yes i'm still going
weirdly never included a content warning about my lady mc wanting to kiss boys. i wonder why.
i guess we'll never know. [nicki minaj gives an idk shrug]
i got that "idgaf bout what i look like because my nigga dont go here" look on today
this is me every day but i don't say it like that
charlotte police chief: some don't care about truth, just want to "break the law and tear down our city" -
democrat running the show on left
for some reason i feel bigger now - i don't know if that's the panda gif or the kinder buenos that just vanished fr...
you're making my day! big hug back!!! ps this gif almost made me cry. besides a puppy i also want a ti...
who watched last night? did you love it?! i did...
it's on the dvr!
i mean...do you think millennials and unmotivated poc don't know that their lives will probably be worse off under trump?
hillary clinton isn't doing enough of something, that something being largely undefined
i mean, between the two (so far) fake vcs they couldn't have spent more than $1-2k on sites and content, if that.
1) id people likely to move roles, 2) hack them silently, 3) pounce after they're in a new role. just theorizing.
but when people start endangering others' lives and well being, then the cause they are fighting for is pointless, as in the case with
what many people believe to be systemic racism materializing as cops killing black people.
begs for another viewing perhaps?
lol. hit a homer crash. shut up kid. lol
summer is dead. i shoved a jawbreaker in its mouth and stuffed it in the trunk of my car. i killed the teen dream, deal with it
i was wondering what happened to all the lifeguards.
why we explain racism is beyond me. appealing to the moral conscious of white ppl is moot. they don't have one.
pointless strategy
ever wonder what it would feel like stuck in a liferaft w/ a bunch of people fighting over food rations? open a tub of hummus w/ ur friends
great profile photo kate. red is your color and my weakness!
ooooo i bought one of them naked color palettes
o yea that was very generous of u
fuck cooking
looks good tho lol
like, this is a real screenshot of something i actually sent someone on tinder, guys.
she didn't reply.
i agree, my installation doesn't throw that error message.
windows 10 as well. don't know if it's bcz i unzipped it in place (same shortcut sees new software)
translate: again a girl has to work her ass off for an honorable mention. was was silent?
i find that comment sexist and insulting......
taking personalities quizzes in the middle of the night instead of sleeping
what's your personality like
five chapters in on 's the girl from everywhere &amp; can't stop won't stop.
eyyyyyy thank you!! :) &lt;3
i'm a gem, a catch, and if u don't see that and decide to sleep on me instead you're gna regret it later buddy
yo anybody that doesnt see that at first glance probably isnt worth it.
liberalism is a mental disorder.... remember that.....liberal.
a compelling argument. this is a meaningful discourse we're having. between equals.
get excited!!! fuller house season 2 premieres globally on on december 9th 2016!! ...
hi dj i just wanna tell you how amazing this show has been made my childhood days the best thank you love always
why not? there are plenty of people who are excellent at their job - truly excellent - who at least partly
the cop acted w/in proper guidelines &amp; he legitimately was led to believe the object was a firearm, they will
naw b, i escaped to suburbia cuz the city stressin me out lol
this looks like manteca or stockton lol when u back
saw this in a resume 12 years ago
your powers of recall are simultaneously impressive and underwhelming.
i admit that even after sleeping on it, i'm bummed the panel of regular caltrain users were people that expressed shock over car free homes.
hey , do you have stats on % of riders who are car free? especially if you exclude sf.
its cold this morning
freezing but with the sun out!
tickets to the advanced screening of in aid of will be available to buy at 11am et/4pm bst...
purchased! such a great cause. can't wait!!
come to texas and get rocked
i'll be in texas next week. we're doing a cover story on cars. if you had a car i'd ask you for an interview but you don't
oh my glob this is perfect.
it is perfect i screamed
i don't understand what y'all expected gigi to do..
people are... mad... about it...?
i mean...do you think millennials and unmotivated poc don't know that their lives will probably be worse off under trump?
and yes, i've heard the argument made, in not altogether representative quarters, that the 2 aren't meaningfully distinguishable
and yet human fault will get in the way
we'll just have to wait and see. i remain generally optimistic.
sheriff arpaio on obama birth certificate: "we are looking at a forged document. period."
arpaio: another forensic expert with a 2 iq.
he was featured in a vice documentary about cbd and cte.
i met brian through that. as i recall, it didn't focus as much on the service dog story.
&amp; the establishment owned msm put a different spin on things to brainwash the public
yup kob jdog this dc-london &amp; idea of destroy-steel things been going on 4 a while but
they usin black ppl as the main source cause black ppl are obviously gon wild out , they keep settin up bombs n shit
word, everyone matters at dis point
why not? there are plenty of people who are excellent at their job - truly excellent - who at least partly
not prosecute because they could never get a judge- &amp; 99% of cops in this situation wld opt for a bench trial if&gt;
300 words over the limit for my essay, but when everything you write is gold it's hard to cut :/
i'd cut down your modesty first
i mean...do you think millennials and unmotivated poc don't know that their lives will probably be worse off under trump?
if you don't believe there's a difference than you're objectively arguing that the outcome will be the same
hey authy im getting this error and codes work. please advise
i migrated everything from authy to 1password's built in otp. authy never figured out reliability.
u got this sis!!!!
thank you!!!!!
i'm sorry i always do this while y'all are working your 9-5s but
broad street dough co is actually in my neighborhood :)
trump says he's proud to be the nominee of the party of abraham lincoln. he should be prouder to have the body of william howard taft.
. i never tire of taft jokes. trump folks prolly think he invented mac and cheese
i guess we'll never know. [nicki minaj gives an idk shrug]
must be a recent policy change, right ? i guess you're now warning kids whenever anyone is attracted to anyone?
this is everything this morning. and so true. seems pointless to even try with that segment of the population anymo...
i know, sad observance of part of the american population
ughhhhh it's so hard but i know i'm gonna start trying. thank you
lol that's life, just keep ya head up
none of president 's children now with the family in new york traveled on government tickets.
shehu, stop making this excuses. what is wrong if they traveled on govt tickets? they are presidents children 4 gods sake
yeah! in the middle one urkel isn't coming out of the bottom right at a waist up crop! must have been a different designer?
the square family portrait threw me off, too.
the only thought on my mind at the midway point of the week is, will end his term sheet newsletter tmrw morning with, "go pats"?
uh oh... () - at least you can watch on
miss with the bs niggas need to stop lying with the "oh nah i throw my old tech out for the new season" shit if my shit still fit its lit
still got the old black tech pants from like 2014. great pants!
mannnnn you up in the hills!
no. that's not my house breh. i'm in the mud lol
i don't know
must know this one haha
baconeggcheesesaltpepperketchup
axe that ketchup and we got something here lol
trump campaign has paid more than $8 million to his businesses: analysis
go figure
trump, in march, suggested that chicago implement "stop-and-frisk," despite its proven racism and ineffectiveness.
and his family are all racist
trump campaign official: there was no racism before obama got elected
but after he was elected all the reared their ugly heads
facts. his celtics run shouldve been it
listening to mike &amp; mike this morning , him koby &amp; duncan greatest h.o.f. class ever ? i agree
terrelle pryor is passionate about turning the browns around.
i want that guy on my team
if you don't believe there's a difference than you're objectively arguing that the outcome will be the same
again, not a fair point, but an easy one to arrive at, given the stakes
i think toppsnow program is a cool idea, but i'm not happy i got shipped an incorrect order &amp; nobody answers my emails about it
hey , i've emailed onlinestore@ storehelp@ &amp; support@ and get no response. you screwed up order 100146937. help me.
looooool i knoooo j fuck all th political parties tho
innit my uncle was trying to justify ziaur rahman pardoning the razakars n jamaat like..my own flesh and blood
some consider all samurai films martial arts films! they have great fights but martial arts are not part of the plot!
i will cut someone for this, haha. seven samurai is definitely not a martial arts film...it's also one of my top ten!
pls tell me this isn't real
pls tell me these ppl are kidding
what ios version are you running on your iphone? we'd be happy to help.
last week, it was updated to ios10
duly noted... so let dre know i slot him down for half hour on my card...
i'll make sure he has you scheduled in
none of president 's children now with the family in new york traveled on government tickets.
nigerians should stop this nonsense. what is wrong if the president children travels with their parents to the un, what??
can it be autumn already ?
today's the first day
come to texas and get rocked
i'll fly u up here but the only thing rocking will be your head from sucking my dick and my headboard from u taking the d.
good idea, they should invite the good cops on to speak about this.. and have sunny present...
on the flip side so many good ones are scared of the blue gang.
update: man slashed across face while getting off subway at bryant park, police say
humans, god's creations, don't hurt each other! if u r human!!! cc:
triggering intensifies.
maybe you should intensify your follower count
good question!
even bay meadows is overparked
facts. his celtics run shouldve been it
they'll be inducted same time
stop. do you go there everyday?
been there a couple times!!! they're amazing
again, not a fair point, but an easy one to arrive at, given the stakes
and i'm not saying any of this to bust your chops, but to help me understand as well
i will when you peacefully leave my mentions
i'll peacefully stay
maybe i can cancel the appointment and change my phone number and move to a new town and just shave my head \_()_/
he thinks i'm early and i'm not early what if i make an excuse and go get coffee and flee brooklyn and change my identity
not prosecute because they could never get a judge- &amp; 99% of cops in this situation wld opt for a bench trial if&gt;
they were indeed indicted-they cld never get a judge who wld agree that the state proved bard(beyond reasonable&gt;
they have to ask by law and you're gonna throw a tantrum lol
its more so that the place i go to i /always/ go to xd
if you are streaming on the go, please don't go in seedy places by yourself. it's a scary world out there sometimes
as a new yorker myself.... i never go out to central park after 11pm by myself!! it's like saying "here i am!"
see? this is why i don't join niggas parties. they just leave without saying shit and host another party with the same niggas lol.
and this ain't a subtweet you niggas know who i'm talking about.
good to see you luisa - i'm doing well, how about you?
glad to hear.
how is alex turner allowed to be in like seven bands
jk i just realized julian casablancas is also in a bunch of bands nvm
if you dont already read the skimm, i would recommend trying it out:
i love the skimm! good summaries with a bit of snark.
ny bomb suspect reportedly ordered bomb parts on ebay and tested material in his family's backyard:...
and the neighbors laid low? or did they report it and get ignored?
i honestly don't know how to text back anymore. it's pretty bad at this point.
practice with me
damn i knew hed drop some shit with daft punk
i'm already obsessed with it
thanks . the next episode drops on monday. we're pretty excited about it! keep tuning in ...
awesome! can't wait.
none of president 's children now with the family in new york traveled on government tickets.
u make huge mistakes when u try to make excuses. we are here at the un and presidents do come with their families
ha! so true. my commute is longer than my 5:15am workout! it's the best way to start my day!
it was unreal today! 60 minutes from toll bridge to through sf. that's almost 2 entire workouts
trump oh county chair (5/5): "when do they take responsibility for how they live? good trump's pointing that out"
you paying attention ?
they were indeed indicted-they cld never get a judge who wld agree that the state proved bard(beyond reasonable&gt;
doubt the cop was not i. fear for his life. this is the conundrum.
cherish those moments.
yeah... my family is super blessed with always looking younger than they are though.. when i was in middle school-
/rant my mom the goat and the only person i will ever actually need
idk what ur talking about my timeline is just me trying to get laid more
:) i was just playing devil's advocate. i do try to answer asap. some days, tho...*buried*
oh yeah. once in a while, no big deal. everyone gets busy. but, when it becomes the norm - that's a problem.
now, what did oracle do to make google this mad? why do they want a finding of contempt + sanctions?
i'd still love to have you on to discuss the case. dm me if interested.
i don't like loud noise. but i definitely love the loud cheers for jeremy. i think you would too.
i like lin fans cheers on twitter.
when yo barber start raising the prices on you.
he never would never tweet me back when i would wanna fight him with the gloves haha
person with dementia acting normal in public does your loved one have "showtimers"
have you ever heard of sundowners? mom had severe dementia. during the day she was much better than after sundown.
send beats to bmbrazy504.com
check these beats
yesss both of you ! i'm serious come visit me
wtf where my invite i thought we were bff
wes andersin is such a god
he's sooo dope his films are so well stylized
cherish those moments.
my mom came to pick me up and one of the teachers yelled at her and told her to get back to class.
millennials don't trust banks...and silicon valley?
this is definitely a millennial thing. working for a startup is considered successful.
as i say though - i'm not the one doing the job. it's easy to play armchair quarterback. just trying to make sense
thank u i wish ppl would see that
don't kid yourself, these are not going deep into october, writes .
no shit. wfan officially unfollowed for employing this clown
had a dream last night that and i opened a restaurant. i wanted to name it "ros &amp; fritos".
now that's a punch card i'd keep in my wallet
not that i'm watching. but it will reopen - right?
hospital closes &amp; howarth is in the final scene. frank flipping us the bird.
we are just not winning.
i know; so frustrating...it's always something...
but she would never be ideal, because i think the sentiment is that democrats are complicit in lots of the issues
but then isn't any generic dem nominee, other than bernie sanders, damned by such a metric?
i'm gonna pass on ian having sex w anyone. not that i wanna see meech either.
i love them together i want to babysit their babies
hey , awesome meeting you and thanks for the quick intro to stickers!
so welcome ! great meeting you too.
if you get anywhere near bloomingdales on madison ave around 3:30 take pictures for me. lol jk...maybe...
haha you know i would if i wasn't working all day!
when yo barber start raising the prices on you.
he never would tweet me back when i would wanna fight him with the gloves haha
uhhh... we were at coldplay discussing how awesome they were.... and you mentioned that you were president of the fan club.
at least it wasn't nickelback \_()_/
south van ness / mission area mysterious package stopping traffic and maybe and causing lots of diarrhea
i live soma - i pass "mysterious packages" littering sidewalks daily. this one musta really looked
. clarifies stop-and-frisk: "i was really referring to chicago" | getty
surprise! a walkback. i'm shocked . . . shocked to see a change of this kind.
had to argue with a couple facebook people so i'm hyped this morning
you were kind to provide them with statistics you shouldn't have to do that to know there's a problem
eugene v. debs and the urgent need for a new movement by
they used the espionage act against him as well. an authentic american hero. we need people like him now.
but she would never be ideal, because i think the sentiment is that democrats are complicit in lots of the issues
if biden were the nom, would the shortcomings of the obama era also be laid at his feet in quite the same way?
but wait, there's more! is happening next year across the u.s. w/ &amp; ...
i knew it was something i cant afford
why heavy hearted, luisa?
when people check into their hearts that's when you realize what u are spilling out! is missing
we protect the trophy
you're so cute
what many people believe to be systemic racism materializing as cops killing black people.
those people in charlotte have a right to come out out peacefully and demonstrate. yet it's so dumb how they are causing chaos and trying
i'll never forget the day a man hit me and my mom got mad at me for not calling the cops.
she said "this isn't just some internet black lives matter thing. he deserves to go to jail!"
but i like the way you still ride for your guy.
trump is getting this from giuliani who cleaned up n.y. but a lot of it was very racial and discriminatory. but it does work
hey man, i'm just wondering why the cards are cropped, as in slim, just wondering just looks a bit weird after thick cards?
the cards being slimmer this year is intentional; the designs being cropped off is a programmatic glitch i'm powerless to fix
pulp is great, no issues there. but i wouldn't trust my son around you if you eat unfrosted pop tarts.
pulp is great. but god damn you gotta be some kind of child molesting monster eating unfrosted pop tarts.
as i say though - i'm not the one doing the job. it's easy to play armchair quarterback. just trying to make sense
can u do me a favor? can u follow me? if i can dm u i can tell u something that i encountered as a 26yr old cop
try honey sticks if your throat hurts
sounds yummy
was he assassinated because he wanted to bring down the federal reserve ?.
yes again on that 1 sure enough &amp; the dc-london war-machno greenbacks cuz then theyb
that's what i thought man. but everything you'd use it for on tour, you can do on the iphone
this is true. shit it would be cool to have to mix on though.
at prague airport: czechican cuisine
what is a czech mexican burger like? please illuminate me...
dear san francisco, why is there a helicopter hovering over the lower haight?
it sounds like it's inside my house. why is it so loud?
good question!
their one car one caltrain in garage ads were cute, until i realized they mostly had 2 and 3 car garages
i have lots of defined things that hrc could do today though
name them, i'd like to hear (not sarcasm, i really do)
check out our for thesis showcase, sept.22-25 see you there! ...
tonight! tonight! getting all our final bits together for thesis showcase, running thursday-sunday. see you there!...
many of my former colleagues from the fbi are pissed and they are talking. this won't end well for comey, . stay tuned.
about time! thanks.
the fedex guy just looked at me &amp; said, "mike, mike, mike, know what day it is?" me: "uh, wednesday" him: "huuuuuump day"
the old mike wouldn't have fallen for that.. bet you can't even remember what up dog smells like anymore!
none of president 's children now with the family in new york traveled on government tickets.
i don't understand how u guys are running ur media advisory. there is nothing wrong if they traveled on govts ticket
nowhere near koyasu but higher than p, he sounds like an authentic teenager (probably because he is a teenager, but still)
oohh how exciting, maybe i should catch up. what is the show even about
just realized i'll be spending election day under full anastasia on an operating table. i'm okay with that!
best typo of the year.
way to drop the ball on the equilibrium reference that was slow-pitched to ya. regarding "we happy few".
i don't follow, sorry!
gayest shit i've seen all day besides your collage pic
lol keep it you're flattered. nobody's paid you this much attention like ever.
it's cute cuz its not as creepy like he usually is cuz she talked abt having a crush on him first on feeds. im here for it.
i know its adorkable
hsjsksksl im j waiting 4 th communist revolution boin
the second it starts lets rendezvous outside bilash ok we'll lead the revolution in sylhet
yes, because that's a story and brings attn to the media. then they can flaunt how pious they are.
. absolutely correct! msm mainly show blk ppl n negative light giving false perception of a ppl
in a few weeks of getting back into twitter ive made many more real connections than 6 mths fb
facebook is "pay-to-play". my scicomm facebook has dismal followers no matter how often i post.
our landmark initiative would've solve this
not sure a sign does anything
as i say though - i'm not the one doing the job. it's easy to play armchair quarterback. just trying to make sense
with 5 yrs on the job and how that nearly altered my life and that of a young boy and many others
unless you're vegan, then this twat face will bully you via twitter.
lol bully. that girl is a bully. her entire social media is surrounded by shaming people because she doesn't agree with them.
if the business is to innovate they cannot possibly know ahead of time. it should be the business driver not just aligned
i see, you are saying that it directs the mission/outcomes for the business - it revolution! :-)
wtf that's so unfair ....
lol! i know oh whale
happy birthday flawless enjoy this beautiful day
thanks babe
study hall is so pointless today cause i don't have any work tell y'all producers send some beats to my gmail r&amp;b/soul vibes only
try these beats
aww. on the way back ask for an aisle seat. on long flights you need to move around
or the first seat - heaps of leg room
i just found airfare to round trip for $82. i'm debating going.
go so i can be your friend and pretend like you don't ignore me
my bad bro. i'm on the phone with jay right now. he corrected me lmao
tell that pussyboi jets suck
enough of this... better eligible players left at home... aside from gaudreau who actually makes the team based on...
how much money do these guys get paid and their professional answer is "give it your best shot, boys. we got nothin."
lol bully. that girl is a bully. her entire social media is surrounded by shaming people because she doesn't agree with them.
since we're on a pharma talk. i believe i just gave her a taste of her own medicine. she identifies as an asshole. on her twitter
there is hope for nigeria, a hope that was previously clouded by corruption, greed and lack of focus.
just advised the council, do not keep nigerians in the dark, carry them along, its going to tough but it will get better.
she said "this isn't just some internet black lives matter thing. he deserves to go to jail!"
as if this is all just a dream to her. shit was crazy
this world is really sick.
crazy shit is, it's always been this hectic. we just live in the era of technology &amp; social media to see it every second
so grateful was able to see me today for an adjustment! i feel amazing!
always a pleasure to see you.
deliciously circuitous. so it goes for bus routes on freeways.
having never been to dc (though i'm not sure if that'd help), it's very difficult to parse the va side route.
creating my first slack+twilio app. knee deep in apis this morning.
whatcha building?
those people in charlotte have a right to come out out peacefully and demonstrate. yet it's so dumb how they are causing chaos and trying
to bring about change, in what they believe to be injustice, with violence. it's your home. i'm pretty sure if someone came into your house
. killing it on stage discussing the state of digital media
love this guy! smart, funny, human. adding clarity to an obscenely complicated space.
v. true- not everyone can afford to quit. there are other ways to fight cruel policies, too - some action better than none!
i remember a similar story where a woman was fired for giving a real meal instead of the 'cheese sandwich' -
lmfao seriously?
no bullshit bro lmao.
ladies and gentlemen this is the definition of sexism when it comes to men like
i guess hillary should bring a fresh baked batch of cookies to the debate as well. should she wear an apron?
ktvu question of the day: should police departments be required to release all video of officer-involved shootings?
no, it taints the potential jury pool. is it really that hard for people to wait for facts and let the justice system work?
so sorry - i have to run. thank you so much for the conversation. i really appreciate it. given me
no thank you!!! and thanks for being open minded and fair. there's more to my fandom for you than your acting!
we'll start fund-raising for pressing criminal charges against cyberbullying about gdragon
money transferred. thanks much for all the work!!
not just carfree, car-light. less cars than adults, or less use of driving than other modes
we were very car light (not in ownership) when i rode the train for work. probably 300 miles per month on my cars
in however many years of my twitter existence, the day i have been waiting for has finally come. has followed me.
haha the pleasure is really mine
ah well maybe you should play more before you fall asleep? &gt;_&lt; group event is kinda dangerous since points can be easily gotten
how much do u think it'll go up by worst case scenario ;; im scared =((((
is right. but yes i do some work and it takes me that long to get paid. they don't do direct deposit either!!
i told them that they should have communicated that up front as i did not extend them those terms on the invoice.
there is hope for nigeria, a hope that was previously clouded by corruption, greed and lack of focus.
nigerians are very patient people but do not keep them in the dark. i have no excuses for what pdp did to that country, get better
much to think on from a perspective i don't have a lot of access to.
great thanks ill send u that and u read it later
sound stage direct has a 20% off vinyl sale for the next 12 hours. use lp20 to get the discount.
thanks for sharing. i cherish my blues vinyl. this is a great site.
training. and you're plan is to hire more cops. not focus on training.
training is definitely needed. but the majority of cops on the beat is fresh. older vet cops spend 1-3 days on the beat
who's ready for the new season of ?
when does it premiere???
likely. plus, wife would take exception to my unnecessary project. she'd have no place to roast vegan marshmallows.
vegan marsh...i forgot they are made w oink oink
huh, haven't read it that way at all, his odds for hrc have been consistently better than nytimes elections
are you talking about upshot's projections? they've been more optimistic usually
chris young. michael cuddyer. jay bruce.
you were right. i cant believe how right you were
to bring about change, in what they believe to be injustice, with violence. it's your home. i'm pretty sure if someone came into your house
and start burning everything down, you'd be pissed. so why do that to yourself.
a 15 year old boy posted about me on ig and i thought i'd comment back to be polite. 5 seconds later i receive death threats from his gf lol
15year olds are crazy
mission impossible movies are like bond movies if bond movies were actually fun to watch.
the good ones are like fun bond. the bad ones are like camp bond.
in love with this
halloween eyeballs, he he, what is it ?
i use it all the time, main source of news now for me. and yes sabrina, same feeling when travel!
wow. neat. do you just use the main view or swipe to categories?
was he assassinated because he wanted to bring down the federal reserve ?.
but we're gonna start cleaning house &amp; it's never grievous to do what's right even if
mike went in with big pat and the dream
and they talking bout doing the top 50 all time players over
. suggests tulsa officer was 'choking' in fatal shooting | getty
and if the officer had been a man, what would he have said. classic trump view of women.
live visuals from last weekend's gig
this is so next level! beautiful!
says the 3.2% how are those polls treating you? is for
sorry jilly we all loved him on the apprentice and love him still 2 shrilly women &amp; a pc jounson won't change that
...i follow 10, my ig 22 and my fb 50. so you see folks...i have a life outside the virtual universe. hahaha!
hahah mabuti ka pa the virtual universe has not pulled you in entirely.
happy birthday to my mommy to beee i love you
thank you my love i miss you
will israel's friends try to ban israeli apartheid week? my new post:
at first glance i said what are my students doing in britain! :)
the true maravilla.
11 years ago this november i wrote my first story for hboboxing. it was almost 5k words. lol, right
at the time it was a huge deal to see gay people and issues they faced be depicted as "open" or at all normalized
you should watch "about him" on youtube.
first of all, uh, yes? what else do we want to do with biphobia? coddle it? encourage it? write it into official reviews?
secondly i never heard such a condescending poorly written piece of trash for an official response letter. "editor in chief."
to call it a "revenge story" is to do it a great disservice. it's much, much more than that. great book.
i think my wife likes the revenge aspect, i better watch my six :d
many fans have been asking why rarely includes breakfast. simple: breakfast is included at the hotel and i'm a cheapskate.
they could have asked me. i would have told them that from the beginning.
cool song. is it knew?
yea! i new you would comment on this
kudos to for their considerate &amp; highly effective traffic calming presence this morn on ...
parking enforcement?
don't even know where to start
this could come off as patronizing, but i genuinely wanna sign up as an "aliada" -- in part to understand people's expectations
"it's important to have a full investigation" - mayor jennifer roberts on
1 this know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come. 2 for men shall be lovers of their own selves, 2 timothy
orange helicopter hovering over lower haight in sf
any idea why?
"without knowing it, we put our identity..." from "new morning mercies: a..."
sonya and i enjoyed this am's devotional. so powerfully liberating!
next tweet will be: imma bout to kill this fucking dog!!! he just chewed up my favorite shoes
i'll be barefoot it's fine.
facts. but mike, yo
mike stands alone , as a class those last 3 dope shit either way
we greatly under estimate the affects of how people socialized with their peers during adolescence.
they're your 1st real formative experiences as a growing adult absent parental figures.
loooool na come im fully there as long as it's got air conditioning
bilash has air conditioning and wifi don't worry sis we'll live tweet the revolution
this looks like the reason for the hovering news helicopter. messes up my walk to work too.
also there's this protest at page &amp; steiner.
| zionist settlers were singing and dancing at yusif tomb in nablus after storming the city this dawn.
ustax$ at work, ask about these "vibrants" do he &amp; still share their values?
bartok would have been too silly to have done on stage
i mean like i guess they made iago work (it's been a long time since i saw the lion king haha) but...
best feeling having a full room! or maybe a little nerve-wracking?
indeed. yeap maybe both :)
i accidentally just ordered an entire pizza for myself at a rest stop i hate myself
it's lit tho
i paid a few bucks and got 3420 followers, but almost zero engagement or response to posts.
that's frustrating. did you define your audience with key words around your focus?
they found a case of zika in ventura and i have a mosquito bite.. so basically ...
go to the doctor
i fucking hate when you leave food in the fridge and someone else eats it
i'm sorry that was me i took it for lunch
watch hosted by live:
shouldn't bring those which denied to condemn altaf's pakistan murdabad. pakistan should be 1st for ary. shame @ ary
he wildly underestimated trump in the primaries. he may be overreacting. or he may be right.
i feel like it's part overcompensation and part business decision
my laptop can run overwatch at glorious 144p
i can hit 60fps at amazing 33% rendering :'d
take a moment today to acknowledge that richard stallman was right. the right to read was written in 1997.
today, people keep their media and software in online accounts which can be revoked from a central point. analog non-drm plugs going away.
and now to see if you can make that a useful ui for dive data...
lol i wish xd
great shot!
thanks man!
gingrich: is first conservative to go into inner city, talk change | getty
yes, and the first conservative to go there in a bulletproof limo.
i am distracting myself w/ work, twitter &amp; watching baseball on ,but my thoughts keep drifting back to bob fitzgerald and his familyy
we go thru life thinking some things r important&amp;then something like this happens and you realize what is truly important
thank you for the birthday wishes!
happy birthday, ann!
this is what's going to get me through today
ikr, i can't freakingg waitttt
i thought this interview was but it's real
i thought the same damn thing, esp. with the shot of the reporter's reaction.
some 60s and 70s cats gonna get removed.
word up the greats will stay tho
what questions do you have about social media, online business, book publishing, etc? watch and reply!
i would like to write a book about my life, my military duties handling agent orange herbicides and other chemicals dying twice
if companies are allowed to discriminate against their employees for wearing locs, they need to start providing a bi-weekly weave stipend
why have i never heard of an employee getting fired for hair that is actually dirty/messy (read: oily, smelly, etc.)???
bless the universe on this fine thursday mornin
was parked on the ticket side of the road for 2 hours accidentally and didn't get ticketed
a little something for commute edu-tainment!
yay! reconnecting with rob at helped get this show off the ground!
so are we! can't wait to meet eva!
she's nervous to meet you all
not oregonstandoff
oregon related. used to direct. yes not related to actual standoff.
"could *you* make one of these?" "no." "could anyone???" "yes."
people are the best peeple.
i put ~1500 per year on mine
i do more than that and don't own :x but i'll do more bike than car miles again this year i think!
you're truly a sweetheart honestly, i appreciate you
lol i see what you did there and no problem love whenever i hit up cali i'd love cyph with you!
really enjoyed this episode design systems, logo, dune-what's not to love?
i can't not listen to this with that title
even my google+ page gets more action. actual conversations!
good to know. i've completely ignored google+ bc i didn't think people used it. will revisit.
filming a q&amp;a vid for my channel to be released on sunday at 6pm uk time :) 5 q's from twitter, 5 from insta and 5 from fb!
will you come to visit nyc for pride next year?
looking forward to 's talk tomorrow on key ermerging technologies tied to the financial sector.
i'm really looking forward to it tom!
let me just leave this here.... i don't want to bliv it but i also can't explain this...deception always catches up...
ojay it is not photoshopped. i was there.
there is a spider on your kleenex
dude. that's my pal.
if it's like eva's and issei's event... last day 5k border can go up 1 mil?
how about last 12 hours uh. it ends in like 12hr 40min right(???)
trying to make a start learning, knowing and teaching our history. what books could i start with?
the half that has never been told
would you like to join thot patrol's shadow group xof?
how do you know im not already a member
have a safe trip home.
made it home yesterday, will be here for a few days then headed to dc and nyc next week.
update: man so excited by game, breaks chair
where can i get one of those snazzy shirts?
i'm going to see the toadies tonight because today's date is september 22, 1994.
please report back.
what model of beyers do you use? my curiosity has been itching so hard to get one of those
beyerdynamic custom one pro!
omg - how can i not love that?!
i just call it like i see it! love following your journey!
keith lamont scott death: family wants to see shooting video; 9 civilians hurt and 44 arrested in charlotte protest...
we want to see the book
lmao i'm on the computer at walmart shit hella boring
the training ?
soldier on, concert tonight in evansville indiana, dance training in between sound checks. no sleep. need
i don't know how you keep up with it all! hang in there and enjoy your coffee. we love you on
donald trump calls for nationwide "stop-and-frisk" policy then rolls it back.
it should be, nyc did it and violence dropped 75%
awesome to collaborate with and on panel
loved it, thanks. how have you all managed language &amp; cultural barriers in your content &amp; social strategy?
you called her underdeveloped and malnourished. please tell me how you would respond to someone saying that to you.
i was on her twitter because she tweeted saying she doesn't trust a fucking "carnist" grooming her dog. how fucking arrogant.
i feel like it's part overcompensation and part business decision
i'm convinced there's no gain in complacency for us, however.
oh, man, i bet you agonized over this.
it's good to be known
today, people keep their media and software in online accounts which can be revoked from a central point. analog non-drm plugs going away.
i remember a decade ago talking about this in context of music. people laughed: "what, will they remove the headphone plug?" seemed absurd.
to everyone who made this possible... thank you
it's so beautiful biblethump
clone wars (per usual) portrays her as deeper, a person of selfless action.
a leader that was selfless enough to deal with anakins aggressiveness and insecurities.
so all your daily horoscopes that "are so me" are full of shiiiiiiieeetttt
great now i'm a fucking aquarius
it's a slice-of-life about a samurai learning about the modern world, and sometimes he fights aliens in a giant robot
oohhh now i've heard of it i might as well, out of time stories are always good
lol young be tryna take it there
dom.. get this shit out the way now cuz when you hit 27 day drinking is a death sentence lol
oregon related. used to direct. yes not related to actual standoff.
here's one related to the gun nuts you speak of in your bio.
nick: "pick a number between 1-5" me: "4!" nick: "that means nothing to me. anyway..."
greatest number ever
more like wake up in a barracks room
more like wake up in a berthing room
canadian mint employee pulls off heist by sticking $180,000 in gold coins "up his bum:"
so he really was shitting bricks
i focussed on countries i thought wouldn't suffer from western apathy..india, indonesia etc
lol! can you send me a link to your fb?
these have cum stains but if you want piss... i'm your man. ask :)
hell yeah i want piss stains too, please!
yes exactly, glad you can comprehend..
the funny thing is, i don't because you make no sense.
if it were 1987, i would have earned $5 selling this to a local newspaper's "laugh &amp; a half quotes" published next to a word jumble.
earl wilson would have printed these, but attributed to red buttons.
it's not even 10am yet and this girl is insisting on comparing to the kkk on my status.
50+ comments later and now she's saying she doesn't understand why "all lives matter" is a bad thing. someone get this trash off my status.
today seems like a good day for to cook us up a $$family dinner
lmao orrrr how about im buying furniture this weekend for my kitchen so people have somewhere to sit
is that true? i need a bit of perspective right now. i just got rejected for an internship.
yup rejected after interview once and then failed to even get interviews twice. chin up mate, people get it wrong all the time
was parked on the ticket side of the road for 2 hours accidentally and didn't get ticketed
the day of near misses
just, like, what if someone wrote an article about a imagined friendship between henry miller and faulkner and called them "sick dudes"
why are all prominent women called badasses
what do you want from me i didn't say i learn quickly.
stop tweeting i'm in class
stop trying to divide the american people and speak out on these pigs killing citizens
-this shows racist madness n r nation! hc wants wht ppl 2wake up &amp;realize injustice2 blk americans
turkishwin &amp; worked together on 'team building'! thank you for an emotional and fun...
, we built stickers for female entrepreneurs i am sure turkishwinn member will love it.
lol! blowhard blocked me on twitter.
he did same to me. he is a little race baiting pimp
from here i head to downtown nyc to cover the us atty's arrests of major state officials incld'g a former top aide to gov. cuomo.
hmmm where is the state atg?
i made this for you in like june lmao
alex tell her im not insane please lol
^ pls help for those oppressed &amp; in need
christians sufferring from clintonian oppression
the struggle of wanting to jus fly to dayton to see bri but also wanting to bring mad drugs
no shortage of drugs at dayton mi luv
icymi: i shared a few facts you can use to debunk 's abortion lies. full video:
i don't believe unbelievers. ...submit to god. resist the devil and he will flee from you. jesus loves you. leave pp
are there any shorthand photography guides for beginners? i have this to use
what kind of canon is it exactly and what shots are you going to be taking.
does soros really think american patriots r going 2 forget that he is behind the horrific damage he is causing to o...
we have to hope that they are "educated" enough to understand that.
there are blacks and whites in the gop that do care. but they are outnumbered, per se.
i believe that, but they need to take back their party.. because there is no way "silence" is working for them.
"governor calls in national guard as protests turn violent in charlotte"
did u see the sick video i posted in the pub?
people are gonna start completely agreeing to different vague statements about their life and scream that it's them with this new astro sign
there is no new sign that's a hoax and i refuse to believe it
indian "filter coffee"
bring some to the office!
so don't use oregonstandoff hashtag. is acceptable.
do you correct all posts not related to standoff using the hashtag. because i've seen many.
if belichick wins with brissett just crown him.
enshrine him tomorrow morning
how are you dear? &lt;3
doing fine, on my way to hawaii!
who's online ?
me well i'm bout to get on in 5 mins
_pretty_ good though for a general planning and discovery though
its really smart until its not. if it misses a single reservation through email, the entire system falls apart.
thank you, i need you to start my day
wth... now our sdk gets rejected because we use `finished:` as method name somewhere.
this has to stop , it's ridiculous and you continue to embarrass yourselves
64 pound for a cp cap might have to invest yanoo
what do you want dad to get you?
yeah! come hang
text me when you're hanging !!
... and i delayed for a while as i was on the train directly behind. ppl are losing their minds.
finally moving on my m train
colin kaepernick is featured on this week's cover of time magazine
a multimillionaire bench-riding qb paid more $$$ than most people make in 6 lifetimes is the "privilege" spokesperson? yeah, no.
if i come someone better get a yellow card and make me proud!!
paige needs to bring up her number!
a very well-worded review of so, anyway
who should play you in the inevitable biopic?
what % of consumers sleep with their phones? ... 71%! (= 3% in hand, 13% on bed, rest on nightstand)
sounds about right!
sorry but thats false. orthodoxy and radicalisation has grown here like crazy. pakistan too. not led to increased terror? maybe.
yes, that's what we are debunking. that saudi madrassas cause terror. exporting orthodoxy isn't the same thing
anyone else kind of hoping to see edelman play some qb tonight?
i own him in the fish bowl, so that would be all sorts of lovely.
be thankful for what you do have in your life because you never know when it could be taken away
that made me laugh
sure picked a good time to work abroad!
don't worry we'll sponsor you for asylum in canada once trump becomes president and we're forced back home.
go on his profile, he has set a higher standard for hillary and trump gets a free pass. sexist ass.
what shocked me more is how the women in media treat hrc.
insta: suzkadesigns || go like &amp; follow if interested in any of these tops or chokers
im interested in that blonde model...where can i find her...?
i love . always speaking the truth.
yea i really love her. the only issue i ever disagree with her on is hair. lol.
my uber driver was seduced by a voodoo princess
ugh hate that. 3 stars.
a filipino lady at the mall asked me if she could have one of these juhdeen . it's stunning isn't it?...
oh yes! i can't contain myself! oa lang sa "amoy amoy" first then flip d pages!
unfortunately you do need to export by spreads &amp; cannot do single pages. happy to forward your request to our development team!
that's what i mean, i want to export spreads but it exports single pages. how can i export a pdf with spreads?
if anyone wants a good laugh go to my facebook and look at a kid shit on my life for saying nothing
reading that hurt my soul.
thanks for the feedback. was this your provider? feel free to email us at community.com or dm, so we can help.
he's at your front desk.... he is just so painfully slow.... and i just use twitter to complain about how long he takes.
goodbye . hello franchise record!
think you bunch of idiots can beat the phillies? or nah?
completable in the sense of 'there is a ceiling on what you need to compete'. can't endlessly buy powerups.
there's only 24 hours in a day to use powerups. 4x all mythics is that kind of cap for average player.
it's not dumb; it's canny. gop wants to muddy the meaning of the word "racism," so they can't be accused of harboring it.
we really are through the fucking looking glass, aren't we? it's the next stage in the fox news/frank luntz war on reality
i'd only say that to you just to see how good you are at throwing those hands
got to remember to try this one at home tonight. 'know your place woman'.......duck
gonna bring my baby to the park later and try out the swings. hope he loves it!
- i was about to say baby park? rip.
do you want to win a signed photo of the cast?! just rt this &amp; watch new tonight 9pm on dave!
sure, i will put it right next to the vhs cupboard filled with dwarf films, ha ha!
you are a genius! love love love watching you.
i could say the same, sir! muah!
ahhh so kind of you to feel for the greater community - just don't let it get to you too much.
oh no trust me i've surrender to the most high darling! thanks!
. i've had 5 cabs pick up my ride and cancel...frustrating!
. - cancelled a 6th time. what is going on?
are there any shorthand photography guides for beginners? i have this to use
i bought this at b&amp;n very helpful
goodluck! you got this!
thanks girl
good morning. how will you support black people today?
passing the microphone to black pastors as much as possible.
he does with a real answer it's just not the answer you like
so what's the answer i want then ?
the sassy replies to sara bareilles' tweet to me make me irrationally sad because i didn't wait until the last minute it was two days early
do you think i should clarify that with them i think they all need to know what if they're still worried about it
too bad he can't walk on his fucking feet, guy is made of glass
actually if he can catch the football with hi5 feet he'd 5till be u5eful
thank you for , , , , and
and shoutouts to center affiliates of , robert t palmer of , and our dir ; all qtd in the article!
er, i'm afraid you aren't knowledgeable enough to do "legal analysis".
pay attention mellisa: the legal expert is interviewed in the article dimwit
they r coming to my city too sksnsjaisb
fuckkwjwjs lauren
think you might do kid-sized ones?
for scarves? which design did you want for kids?
did you see this:
350 million guns. only 22% of households have guns (new low). someone's hoarding an arsenal. thx for link.
is the best speaker i have heard in years.
thank you, rob! happy to join you and the linkedin team at today, great event and slate of speakers.
apparently salesforce has a conference called dreamforce. can you imagine how insufferable the people there must be?
it's in san francisco, that's a given
wth... now our sdk gets rejected because we use `finished:` as method name somewhere.
is this actually in pspdfkit? seems like we only have `isfinished` from operation subclass.
how about a criminal pulling a gun
8 years ago i was kidnapped in malaysia &amp; had a gun to my head. killing people out of fear solves nothing.
the pope has coach mac on today. would love for him to ask, "so coach, what are you wearing right now?"
let's be honest, is most likely an oversized polo shirt. he's got a superman closet full of those.
lol. she's so against weaves.
yea. i mean...i get it, but i think thats where her bias comes in...in all other issues, shes not bias.
i'm not asking to be schooled. if i cared i'd google it. i don't so i tweeted that.
the beauty of twitter is that most people only respond to things they care about.
why does this make so much sense ?
when i didn't live here i loved ny boys lol
i worked as an editor for a publication for years and nothing like that would have flown. ever. no. never.
volunteers who are also tiny children maybe.
have to go to a linkedin event today, so i'm wearing my most sophisticated socks
i hope you meet someone wearing eggs
slain san jose teen's family fed up with court delays, see story ttp://bit.ly/2cwkay8
i'm sorry but that article was horribly written ! wow elementary
sacramento mayor beats protester to a 'bloody pulp': report
so not appropriate, shd have let authorities deal with protester,
send beats to my email
check these beats
he's kidding, but this sentence is too good not to share.
the scary thing is this parody is indistinguishable from the 'serious' fare.
please send me a dm with your contact information and confirmation number. thank you, ari
will do! thanks.
seriously? my gay cousin likes turnbull? i know he was a young liberal once, but that was before he came out.
there do seem to be people who compartmentalise their sexual identity that way. i too find it strange
i think it's kinda awesome that the lan and clients are now the bottleneck, rather than the wan.
i imagine it's also mildly frustrating that you're providing people with 1000 and maybe they're only getting 100 due to their choices
our paper dropped ask amy but subscribers begged for her return &amp; they brought her back
she slays on every time too (if you don't listen already)
poor mandy. lost in time, like tears...in...rain.
haha! i never liked mandy anyways...
survivors of wednesday's migrant boat sinking off the egyptian coast describe their harrowing ordeal...
compelled to comment. choice of picture? so many fit young men?
don't turn away wants america to look at the injustice of hunting unarmed black men
ditto! when will all americans wake up &amp; realize injustice suffered by aa's on a daily basis.
he's much cooler than you are. and he's not a piece of garbage like you are.
i agree is a good reporter maybe he can write a story &amp; explain twitter's block feature 2u
nbc/wsj/telemundo oversample of latino voters (likely) clinton 71 trump 18 4 way hrc 65 trump 17 johnson 9 stein 2
what do the 22% like?
yeah that's a huge deal compared to the ridiculous # of black on black murders in this country
ur a ass...
you're greek?
and italian but for some reason everyone likes to overlook that?
and that affects your life.... how? are you the carnist grooming her dog? no.
i just can't fathom you or that girl and how stupid you both sound. i'm done with this haha why are you even on my twitter?
tbh i think any kink brought into everyday life is too much.
i mean, that's your opinion and it sounds weird to come from a queer man. let people do what they want and be happy.
yea lol starting all over
mcd boring now everybody left
happy birthday hacman!
the one arm home run trot !
can you provide proof of your claim or are you trumping us?
we can all agree that larry trumped everyone this week.... and how is living under the rock otherwise?
they sure are, 95% of the time at the hand of another black. but let's not talk about that, right?
that's not the data, &amp; i'm sure you're similarly outraged at whites killing whites w/in 5% of the actual data.
first 30 minutes of using vscode. changing habits is haaaaard (even for the better).
same problem here. it's so fast - but it's syntax highlighting is trash &amp; it's just... off in a few ways. but... so fast.
thanks for the wonderful lib for querystring parser, is there any port for qs lib?
i wouldn't know, but i assume java has plenty of query string parsers.
jeremy said "fine", but he is probably disappointed in you, nathan.
lin loves me. he reads my stories. he was talking about you
dad has bronchitis, he was just here for 4 days, and i just confirmed it is contagious. oh goodie.
maybe it will cancel out your zika
what the hell? literally the primary purpose of guns is violence.
the primary purpose of a gun is deterring violence.
hi guys, love what your doing. p.s. i work at salem truck leasing, you rent trucks from us but been a fan b4 that..
thanks for the love lynn! and for the truck...
we need to!!
stop the gamesssss
announces new album and its features are pure !
playboy booming
they sure are, 95% of the time at the hand of another black. but let's not talk about that, right?
go back to laughing at ovaltine.
is that what the helicopters are watching? any idea why?
i assume so. i don't know. couldn't see anything
so many helicopters this morning in san francisco. do you know what's going on? i'm in the lower haight.
. there is a protest on page at steiner
will only be for ios 10?
well that's a bummer
not even that ...they just just don't wanna be wrong lol they don't think
they know they wrong.
it will be worth everything we've ever had to endure here &amp; mind blowing on top of it all! you are deserving of lot...
you therefore must endure the hardship as a good soldier of jesus christ 2 timothy 2:3
ugh understatement of the decade
note the line where he thanks a google employee friend for helping him to get it to compile
you know i'm used to traveling w/ when i wake up in the middle of the night &amp; i assume something's wrong because the room isn't 55
literally slept with the window wide open &amp; 3 fans on me last night
yoo my friend says fasholy. thought she was just weird, i never heard it before lol.
lmfao your friend sounds coo. @ her lmfao i'm kidding
did they say sum bout me i didn't show up at all
i think doanh said u called in once
the answer you want is him completely agreeing with the blm movement
read my first again
i have. they are too wide for me. very comfy though!
i like the launch 3 for short runs but too "floppy" over 4-5 miles.
today line up by 5p for the nyc popup at 168 bowery &amp; the opening of the to popup store at 277 queen street w for a chance to meet shawn!
no i can't
u @ the wrong person
it's the right person
happy birthday hacman!
should have had a gif of him running around the bases
please please please let the trump campaign attack bar!!!!
. help, i'm trapped in an alternate universe where barbara bush and i agree, and the right is allied with the kremlin.
james carpenter is working with the starting offensive line during a basic walk through drill.
any chance that we will see jenkins blitzing sunday?
they should be like , looking our for the interests of the company and the recruit, not like "russian bride" placements.
the good ones generally are i find. but they are not the majority.
this tweet tells you a lot about 's standards of intellectual integrity
try this: 50 years of scholarship. ph.d. from columbia university. moynihan award 2011 for serving common good
the answer you want is him completely agreeing with the blm movement
read my first tweet again
not one time in history has republicans done anyone any favors.
republicans voted for civil rights, democrats didn't. you know thst right, sir?
hi ! welcome to nyc! if you need any b'way theater tickets, give me a shout!
thanks man appreciate it !
well, do you want to hold the individual officers accountable or blame all cops? kinda sounds racist.
that is about the individuals who are entrusted to carry guns lawfully for the purpose of protecting
what do you tell them
still working on that
not a cockatiel?
mine was a trout but since this site says i'm a gryffindor i question its authority on such topics.
...not yet but...i just spent an hour already answering tweets and wp notifs...dun dun dun dun!the dark side beckons
don't worry! we welcome you with open arms
if you missed this morning, give it a listen here
long island resident retweeted wednesday friday? continuum software? rf weak 6am50k
when ive had and
only a douche would re post this article too.
i can now publicly announce it yay !! :-) beat bobby flay premiering thursday, dec 1 at 10pm et/pt "you've got...
that is quite an accomplishment! congratulations!! :)
yes, but only looking for uk designers; thanks.
make the smart move by opting for openwave's "hiring dedicated team/resource" model -
it falls back to a uisplitviewcontroller on smaller sizes, it looks like. not sure why this didn't make the public api cut in 10.0?
or why they didn't implement this in uisplitviewcontroller. oh wait, because they made terrible decisions in its api design
how about in irvine instead
i'm coming half way down there you come meet me?
just type in tiamat on the app and it should come straight up
it worked thanks
this is a big moment for me... giving up my yahoo email for a gmail. this is growing up
"well i guess this is growing up"
have to go to a linkedin event today, so i'm wearing my most sophisticated socks
do me a favor and tell them 211mb is just too much for a not so great ux, thanks
same here but i can't say it didn't entertain men
lol dude i hear ya. i live for listening to people try to insult me, but they sound stupid because i just don't care
i'm about to show up to work today and be like....so who wants to explain this pay period &amp; why my paycheck is half of what i was expecting
some pay periods end on say sunday's so your monday this week might be in your next check, or something similar to that.
one day we might get this right
"a wheelchair... had a vulnerability that could be exploited to disable a safety feature and take control of the device."
hands up while walking. new video clearly shows him reaching for his waistband
he got tasered .. what was the bullet for? the fact is american pigs can't be trusted with firearms ..
would love to see do a statistically valid survey of household car ownership &amp; use
i wish we'd tried one car back then! i only realized how walk friendly my old hood was when i took a month off
we're celebrating at the with hugo! ...
yay!!!!!!! thanks guys! he has a good home with there.
well, do you want to hold the individual officers accountable or blame all cops? kinda sounds racist.
citizens, not gun them down unarmed over and over and over...
i hope there's balancing selection
not in the game-of-fixation. one-sweep-to-fix-them-all
i'm glad theres someone else w checkered vans ur my idol
we're in this together
the cover to my new bedroom pop album called i am in my bedroom and i am making an album no capital letters
that one i is capitaled
agree that it was definitely out there, but easier to sell unrealistic sweeping change from his position than hers
if i do blame bernie for anything it was undermining confidence in the primary process by pushing "rigged" narrative
please put some more videos of your singing on youtube.watching them over and over, you swoon me,sal!
i don't watch that show, but my brother does that guy sal is cool as shit.
uhm. nato anyone can file a ceqa appeal. that includes you.
i said lawsuit, which costs $. not appeal.
'this is not who we are:' hillary clinton tells whites after cops gun down terence crutche
. - wish that was true!
*nod*, i wish we had more positive examples of these things in non-accessibility documentation e.g. tutorials for frameworks.
bootstrap docs have taught me the most aria attrs. still requires screen reader xp to test intended accessibility
cheers lad. for a guy that has c50k followers, it means a lot when you respond to your fans' tweets.
no worries, always have special time for folks back home too
the fuckery
dude i know
these two killed it on sunday!!
yes they did!
alright, i need to rant / post a question to you all...
if photography is art, then is sports photography art? (would appreciate reply responses as to why/why not)
i need a bacon egg and cheese right now
a suga daddy to bring me a bacon egg and cheese
i meant to say yesterday, it was really nice to see your work in beautiful large prints! congrats
thank you!! it was great to see you, if too briefly :)
just wanted to make sure you saw this! ;)
i saw it brooke!
ur very welcome, hope u have a fab evening x
we shall see. g/f got back this morning at 4am my time from vacation in greece. poor dear is passed out in bed deservedly.
elaborate? their stock been low. lowest stock all season. if they lower their prices wouldn't it be cheap af like zumiez?
smh. not worth elaborating figure it out yourself.
the npr news quiz show? of course i listen!
forgive me for even considering that you didn't!
omg grant! that chocolate grenache cake looks unbelievably
thanks! it was probably the most chocolatey confection i've ever created.
twitter must be getting desperate for monetisation if they want me-just some rando on the twitterchatz-to pay for p...
got this too. my first thought was same: desperation and no sense of direction.
and so is a relationship like that lol
i mean if she didn't cheat in the first place .. there wouldn't be a problem .. or if the guy don't care he's a fuckboy
yo if i can't take this test today imma get the only boche from my dad
update: i can take the road test &amp; i'm about to practice some more !!
being a world history teacher in 2016 is having to correct every single one of your 5 classes when they pronounce "hammurabi" as "harambe"
a meme for a meme... harambe's code
wahoowa! i graduated 4 years before you i'm holding out hope for this year's bball team to get past the 8!
one can hope... it's been great to see uva teams having so much success
how are you ladies doing?
pretty good
for rpi build videos- include command line steps? it's a little boring anyone want to watch me type apt-get whatever or should i skip it?
maybe just list it out real quick, it's important but you're right: could be dull.
ooh, now that looks delicious! is margherita pizza your usual choice?
we like anything that ends with pizza! looking forward to visiting you guys soon!
definitely agree that clinton could be doing more (and doing it more loudly/regularly) though
how do you engage voters who believe that closed primaries (but not caucuses) amount to disenfranchisement?
charlie your pic had a smaller pillow
remember when u do porn you're now gonna have to ejaculate on command not when your blowup doll is out of air
let me fight them
ima just wear jeans and t shirts and flats again
from turlock to .
kind of like clovis to ...
i mean if she didn't cheat in the first place .. there wouldn't be a problem .. or if the guy don't care he's a fuckboy
so it's lose lose ... i rather have him spazzin instead of not giving a fuck
i worked for your company for a few months in 2014. i need someone from hr to contact me asap.
please message us and we can help you with this.
i grew up a democrat; a party unrecognizable 2 me today. i'm voting for a real leader and &amp;...
so was i but then the democratic party was one of the people not the profiteers .
government + silicon valley = 1984. via
when you're a kid, getting drivers license one of things most looked forward to. change never stops.
bootstrap docs have taught me the most aria attrs. still requires screen reader xp to test intended accessibility
dragging browser frame to test responsiveness is now 2nd nature. need same for accessibility and screen reader.
we're open for breakfast monday-friday people, come grab some and/or a coffee from !
till what time is breakfast served ?
lmao scramble them eggs and use that hot sauce in the cabinet bruh
lmao humble facts
1. pryor 2. baby hawk 3. rashard higgins (!!!!!!!!!!!!!)
gary barnidge! *sobs into my hands*
wwe holiday tour at msg later this year, the day after christmas on a monday
that would probably be awesome because it'll be mostly smackdown guys
in cjicago w to let world know abt and tonite museo de puerto rico gala!
hope the power is turned back on
no, they're trained to kill as soon as they're faced with a potential threat.
which seems highly subjective . . .
i know, what's up ladies? we need our correspondent there
we are just hanging sam not expected for a while
toughest meeting of all is amazing founder with mediocre growth
is that worse than mediocre founder with amazing growth?
so, anyone else's iphone 7 getting really hot and buzzing in your ear on calls? hmm
the hot part can be if your backup is still indexing tons of photo and video
it's mildly frustrating when they call support for "speed test" issues which result from their own gear. repeatedly.
that explains why the installer insisted on doing a speed test on the pace unit i told him i wouldn't use!
hey if my podcast got pranked by sal and richard how can i not be able to at least promote it and shout it out
give a brother a chance
u wrong and right at the same time
lol its like that at times
so well deserved!!! well done to all the nominations!! congrats
i honestly can't believe it!! i don't know what to say other than thank you thank you thank you so much!!
so, anyone else's iphone 7 getting really hot and buzzing in your ear on calls? hmm
which can literally take days
no work and i get home from school by 1 so i can cook clean and have time to just sit by myself...the things ive come to look forward to
housewife training 101
are you kidding me?
no, we are not. amiright, ?
my dads side does jashod it's like the more socialist version of awami league but al is really corrupt
my moms friends family can't ever step foot on deshi soil cuz al deemed them jihadi sympathizers literally cuz they support bnp
but the whole album is
it's my favorite song on the mixtape*
my fav rsvps so far have been the ones that don't include kids.
you've just gotta get that 'r rating' for your wedding, and you'll be set
unfortunately you do need to export by spreads &amp; cannot do single pages. happy to forward your request to our development team!
left is my book (with spreads), right is the pdf export (single pages). there seem to be no export sett...
what track should david brent release next as a single?
do you have anything where you sing about cats, or your cat?
once again i'm a retired homicide detective....or as u like to call me mall cop
yes saved that cat in the tree from near death!
yo, barry, you did it my n word"(larry wilmore) that's ok. don king uses n word at trump rally. media unleashes indignation
larry wilmore is out of a job. his show sucked.
cc thanks for connecting us
our pleasure! exciting to see exchange of ideas and experience among the members here today
remember that pug scar you showed me?
shiiiiit. fortunately, ours must be a cross breed. he has a rather long snout so has no breathing problems!
how bill maher lost his teeth and became a parrot for the u.s. war machine (and a misogynist to boot) - ...
this article is so far off it's ludicrous
i do think they bend what happened. i think many of these are criminals, but shoot at the legs from that distance.
i'll never understand north of center mass shootings. to be fair above the knee is equally as risky for death. major blood vessels.
i love ! sign up and get a free month of their premium product -
thanks eric! we're quite fond of you too :)
notice why action was taken? insiders standing up.
and you can bet that this won't raise any red flags with cracking down on beards.
let's go to the beach
coz you don't need power there?
i'm gonna stay up till 5 writing this paper lmao my life is great
should have done it earlier
cops have mission blocked between duboce and svn, so if you are on a 49 or 14 just give up now
south van ness also closed north of duboce. i wish they'd just let us get off the bus
still not quite used to the koch industries sponsor spots on npr.
i'm always a little torn when i see a koch truck on the road. evilco, but that driver has a job.
the lack of knowledge in the trump campaign proves he is not presidential material.
no, it says more about them. they r uninformed on a breathtaking level. did these people not go 2 school &amp; learn abt in us?
send some beats . com
hey hyd check these beats
u wrong and right at the same time
too many ppl on this kumbaya shit. aint standing up for nothin, just sittin down taking it
there is no natural spontaneous process to prevent destabilizing inegalitarian forces from prevailing permanently - piketty
such a good book
mario party 8: surprisingly decent! (wiimote bullshit aside). the jump between 8 and 9 is shocking. like two entirely different series.
best in the series so far?
i hate that raven isn't on much this season. she grew on me
raven has always been 1 of my faves. for some reason ppl were irritated by her. i never got it. i dislike paula tho. bye.
want to know more about the special objects on our new set? we've got a video for you! i randomly smell most of the...
can we make donations to the set? got some yale peabody museum swag for you.
jeremy lin: "my improvements haven't been highlighted"
kyle lowry was given a chance to run a team his way w/raptors after smothered by mchale. lin will also. don't be surprised
it's missing a t and a second o.
i think he was including the word to as in to masonry and the stars! shazaam!
anyone else kind of hoping to see edelman play some qb tonight?
if blaine gabbert can do it, i'm fairly confident it's in edelman's range of possible outcomes.
girls really, i will be leaving soon. do you need something? water? snacks?
very sweet thank you but we are good
barry bonds' 'tell him goodbye' edition. via
...don't embarrass yourselves. the man can play his game---always could---despite the manipulating from ??
ohio county trump campaign chair: there was 'no racism' before obama was elected
back when those people knew their place.
relax my little one!
ilunchtime
is that worse than mediocre founder with amazing growth?
each required different types of prayers
are any of my followers interested in attending ? was offered a ticket and i'd rather see someone with less representation go.
specifically, i'd like to send qwoc to , if at all possible. no one is gonna miss another cis bearded white dude at a conf.
i've been waiting to meet you already! one of our most supportive fans. see you soon!
aw jayden i'll see you saturday.
differentiated ela practice using
thanks for sharing those pictures!
woman power! and meet in margins of - inspiring women leading the way for others
that's two awesome women and leaders for the price of one! nice shot!
easily the best set of engine-based vr production notes i've seen / , esp., this is a must read
is the real deal. when i met him he asked if we had figured out our selection system yet.
there are many plans in a man's heart, nevertheless the lord's counsel-that will stand. proverbs 19:21
introducing staff to the magical world of at our first tech cafe!...
lucky ts! ty for being an activist for our kids and sharing your knowledge!
i think they're cute together, just no sex.
sex sex sex
"there no reason to ground our aircraft," says "we're not barrel bombing civilians, we're not causing collateral damage"
ah, yes. because we use fancy bombs to hit civs it's ok. not to mention we are there illegally. lol
you have so much potential don't settle for basic pumpkin flavors
it was good. it had a cinnamon rim.
qb points in the wr slot would certainly be a +. maybe he can find a way to throw it to himself
if blaine gabbert can do it, i'm fairly confident it's in edleman's range of possible outcomes.
you just had to use "verge" right? instead of something like edge.
yes it's in my contract
black cop shoots armed black man. black "protester" shoots black "protester". ....must be white people's fault....
as this poor bloke,s life ain't hard enough. just ain't right mate!!!
i don't know how to achieve it tho. that's what's stopping me
what do you mean?
not a coon and yes it is. what is shooting police officers gonna do?
what has marching and singing done?? look at ya boy martin. look where it got him
hi! you can find more info about &amp; eddie redmayne's participation in the event in this release
i had already read that (got my ticket last month). i guess just the appearance, then.
it has been dangerous to be a black man and woman in amerikkka since 1619
...dangerous, but not impossible
wow what a journey it's been so far.
smoke 'em if you got 'em (hbd!!)
my morning class was canceled!!!
a blessing!
if u think racism, ignorance and racial divisions don't exit in america today, i urge u to read this. just wow. --&gt;
ana, it's truly depressing and infuriating that some people think we all lived in some racial utopia until recently.
we met at abuzu, you're a fuckin legend.
buzu to boo-zu
happy 17th to my nigga ! yo ass better call out nigga. and already know what i'm finna ask lmfao
time to matchup
the . the . tonight. cbs or watch it right...here!
thank you, will still be at work and may need to stay a little while to watch : )
sucks that i have to pay x3 more for fucking marshmallows..
yea that does suck.
how about "work until your mentors and idols become colleagues and friends!"
for a music collaborator doesn't get it...collaboration means working together! well said arthur!
everyone who is anti-meechian is racist against dorks
i will not stand for it ok
no need to point it. if he has it and refuses to drop it, he's a threat.
so you kill him?
you realize that when the dallas sniper attacked, it was who helped fallen officers &amp; located the killer.
it was blm rhetoric that incited/incites violence and riots. protesting is fine but when it leads to violence no
what does dashjuice taste like?
these are the important questions... somebody should ask capcom about it...
wow. really. huh. not any of the guys who commit domestic violence or rape? huh. really.
there must have been too many fir the vote to unite behind one candidate
got me good cuck boy
there there, princess. it's going to be all better you'll see.
sniper elite 4's pre-order bonus is an opportunity to kill hitler
hitler killing himself is the ultimate own.
they're all coming back to me as i sit in stats class trying to hide the sheer expression of horror on my face
sounds like a long ass forgetful night
speechless had a solid premiere on abc. if you watched, will you watch again?
. no i didn't think it was funny
honest blunt feedback and some tips to improve, revisit 6 months..
telling someone great to grow faster really doesn't help
yooooo what's wrong with this kid lmfaoo
he's bugging out lol
tomorrow night very special program mahapropkar diwas - lion heart promotion full blast.gd bless u all
reverse counting has started. nearing release date
can we please have a 6 way tie for the al wild cards...pretty please
would mean more "regular season games" for gary sanchez to break rookie hitting records.
heroics don't count you need to do normal siva strikes.
what do you mean normal???
the time has come, join us - watch the new video for 'la devotee' starring noah schnapp of stranger things on
it's here!!
easily the best set of engine-based vr production notes i've seen / , esp., this is a must read
which is the best question. most don't know enough to ask it. i point to that example as "good vr eng" indicator.
defeats 1-0 in division iii soccer. good job gladiators!
boys jv won as well 3-1!
maybe for humidity
maybe. it's supposed to reach 80 here this afternoon. so i guess i'll live with it. lol
dear week, in the words of sterling archer, eat a bag of dicks.
i love this show.
i've heard people(boomers?) are upset that millennials say "i feel that..." instead of "i think that...", and i have feelpinions.
first, don't be linguistically prescriptive. second, feelings matter, and sometimes feelings are easier to articulate than thoughts.
win or lose, i think we're gonna see trouble. his supporters are fucking nuts. sure not all but alot. we've seen 'e...
. undeniably, msm (mouthpiece 4trump) is cause of much of the ugly unbridled racial hatred sweeping the nation!
oooooo i actually really like the emphasis on modern-lookng design the new pottermore has. i mean, im still mad about a lot of stuff but-
while the old pottermore is my fav and imo embodied the 'harry potter aesthetic' at the same time it was always very focused-
lol just wasted breath basically
yeah did i hear ya loud and clear. couldn't agree more
why deep space nine will always be my favorite star trek
mine too. i always loved the fact it seemed like all of it could be real.
idk. have a lot of work to do...also no ps+
don't forget to decrypt slowly...
so far, most of my tl has lucked out getting what lancer they want. even seeing bad roles don't hurt, when i see diar and cu. /smacked
i was aiming for np2 fionn but you know what, anything is better than liz
lmao she's from vallejo. she's gonna be mad if i give out her @
lmfao i don't really want it i was just kidding! hahaha
he's the cutest little baby i would never hurt him!!!
i have looked evil i the face and lived to tell the tale
fresh off his victory over at ufc 203 stopped by last night with the gang!...
puerto rican rattlebaked
cctv america producer christian pena asked uruguay president tabar vzquez one more question on the origins of his...
what an interestig queston to ask, something usmedia would never do, much to its disgrace, thank you
there is an actual man next to me on the train purring to his wife about some piece of squishy, bien pensant shite matthew parris has penned
"purring" is the only description of the writings of matthew parris
if you support trump because he'll "shake things up" you're playing a game of chicken w/ human history. and there's no one in the other car.
earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes "shake things up". i don't want any of them. boring is good!
we totally agree with this perspective.
yes - learning so much from diff. perspectives of members on how to build strong biz partnerships today
what has marching and singing done?? look at ya boy martin. look where it got him
some kracker blew his fucking face off. we sing everytime a black person dies...and they still keep dying
doesn't surprise me, seeing your iq seems to be about as small as the grubby town you live in.
dude why are you keeping this going? i couldn't care less about anything that comes out of your mouth. you're irrelevant.
straight in from the entrance, right side, about 3/4 of the way to the back
be there in a minute in the checkout line
we can do something rn but gotta be back around 6
i have class at 4:20 what do you wanna do
bless the universe on this fine thursday mornin
and there's an egg inc update
while the old pottermore is my fav and imo embodied the 'harry potter aesthetic' at the same time it was always very focused-
on the visuals, like the chapter illustrations and i think the new pottermore is going more towards that route? like hp-
what's the reason for not answering my text
new phone who dis
thinking they quiet like bro it's mad early you could hear a pen drop
lol yes then wanna get online and start talking mad loud
in aug. i ordered 2 items from . paid for both, rec'd 1. a month of complaints &amp; emails later &amp; still nothing
sorry to hear it! we are working on improving our service, so your feedback helps. dm me more details &amp; i can help to resolve!
for guys like this, it's shooting "fascists" in mass graves like the nkvd.
his ignorance is evident.
thought experiment: hillary proposes police approaching "suspicious" white people, patting them down and confiscati...
another.white nfler takes knee to protest gun safety lobby "attack" on 2a &amp;syrian refugees....?
am good senior. sup at your end?
same hustle different day. make god answer all our prayers g
breaking files: briles, mccaw dismissed from hernandez lawsuit in their official capacity. her lawyer says will sue as individuals
hope the briles hopefuls don't read too much into this - sounds more procedural than an indication of lack of merits
remember when there was a fake meech stan account writing weirdly insane hostile things and her sisters fought with it and i got involved
that was the only memory of this flop season i'll cherish forever
if you see a comic say/write/tweet a joke you know someone else does (but don't suspect them of stealing), do u say somethin?
great question ! never unless we already have the kind of relationship in which they ask for/care about my opinion re: their jokes
out-with the turtle doves they all are
he's added a badly printed wee orange stripe hing - he is a fashion genius
we had this wing sauce at hooters called 9-1-1 and ppl used to order and be like "can i get 10 wings with the 9/11 sauce"
wow that's crazy
supreme is so wack now lower your prices lower your stock and go back to how it used to be. turning into zumiez or some shit.
their are very neat items with a lot to admire but the production these days is too high for how low the fabrication is.
i had already read that (got my ticket last month). i guess just the appearance, then.
i'm already going, regardless. just wondered if there'd be time to ask a question
hello what is the least amount of peanut butter that is the right amount?
if there's any peanut butter left you're good. i'm usually deadout
you ready to play?
i'm just now seeing this, my bad man lol. i was waiting quite a while to see if you still wanted to play too.
on the visuals, like the chapter illustrations and i think the new pottermore is going more towards that route? like hp-
wasnt just cool ancient old wizard stuff. it was as much i think about re-imagining old tropes and classic themes-
good morning tweeties. new profile pic. desert selfie. check my from yesterday's shoot
love this pic!
everything is all a little bit exciting at the moment
disney event your going to next
will the real stand up.
there is no real . there was a rally for him here in dc yesterday; everyone i saw on the street looked like a dudebro
what are some good robot sounds
beep boop. thank me later.
her comments used to bother me, but now that she's explained them, i get it &amp; her. paula is the new elisabeth
well u wanted to understand. even after she explained them ppl still are up in arms. jesus. lol. and paula is...a no for me dawg
thank you!! no worries if nothing comes up, i just wanted to check since i'm working on mother/daughterhood in my new project
there was a 1st my mother's and artist show that i curated before that .
why, thank you! it was a lovely birthday
might you even say that it was... super? *rimshot* i'll see myself out.
all i want is to move out and get a dog.
i have a dog, just visit me more.
so well deserved!!! well done to all the nominations!! congrats
this was only possible cuz of the amazing teaching &amp; mentoring at +my great friends/fam+patients
gov. mccrory just signed a law banning videos of police shootings from being released to the public.
and in a separate act as governor, he today unveiled new police uniforms
there's a lot of non-genuine merchandise at by the way.
sorry to hear you feel this way. what do you mean by "non-genuine"? can you dm us more details? appreciate the feedback.
white dude at the bar tells me my hair is "so big" and is completely floored that i was born in ohio, not india.
ask him how one gets their colorless pale skin tone?
canadian mint employee accused of smuggling $180k of gold in his rectum
how did they get it out? goldfinger. ": canadian mint employee, smuggled $180k of gold in his rectum
u know that rastafarian's worship some ethiopian nigga right?
no he's the last living descendent of the holy family that's why they say " in jah name " they believe in god &amp; jesus
"nasty to sanders"? they virtually ignored him until he started rising in the polls.
yes, nasty to sanders. they spread rumors about him not being able to control his followers after false 'chair" rumors
not a coon and yes it is. what is shooting police officers gonna do?
you need to listen to fuck da police more often. i bet you pledge allegiance to this piece of shit flag
describe yourself in 3 fictional characters:
yep agree with 2/3
okay let me tell you about tjis customer interaction i just had
so some guy asked how the bacon croissant is and i said "i've personally never tried it, i'm vegetarian but i hear it's good"
u know that rastafarian's worship some ethiopian nigga right?
we all from earth
i live in a little country called imagination
is michael bay the president?
hey can you save my set from this clip? i'm 3rd.
holy sheep shit! it's white supremacy ken! aka b...
wasnt just cool ancient old wizard stuff. it was as much i think about re-imagining old tropes and classic themes-
as very new and stylish. so shrug! i'm a fan, even if i prefer the old one, because the new pottermore is just as relevant.
i'll be pissed
dude come with me! i immediately thought of you when i saw it
"nasty to sanders"? they virtually ignored him until he started rising in the polls.
but thanks for agreeing they gave hillary more coverage.
the thing is i don't take offense... i thought it was ridiculously hilarious nbs lol
it really is though
change your view settings within your pdf reader. using acrobat, go to view&gt;page display and make sure that....
found it! thanks!!
tomorrow night very special program mahapropkar diwas - lion heart promotion full blast.gd bless u all
last year we danced on msg2 songs in sfo while promoting in usa will do again 4 lion heart
congratulations sarah, very well deserved xx
thanks so much gem! it's 8:30am here in san fran &amp; i've woken up to this &amp; really can't believe it! thanks for all your help!!!
house panel votes to hold tech aide bryan pagliano in contempt | ap photo
if that's the case what about !
what's so bad about bnp? like i know at least nowadays al is considered v corrupt but thats all i kno??
bnp affiliated with jamaat e islami they carried out the genocide and rape along with the razakars and pakistani army
this who i think it's about
you may be correct lol
indeed! the best part of waking up is vdb's in your cup!
that &amp; about 6 shots of espresso to keep up with u!
a reader in vermont has some free advice for hillary clinton.
trump will lie, interrupt, not answer the question, ad hominem, innuendo not argue about facts clinton presumably getting coaching
very out-of-touch youth "advocates"
virulently offensive ya antagonists?
hence why officers are trained. but generally gun+aggression=threat, even to the trained.
again, so you kill him?
scott stop.
you cant make me
i hear you have a penguin with a 3-d printed ankle brace. can we see more photos of this amazingness??
my facebook page has a couple of photos...
so some guy asked how the bacon croissant is and i said "i've personally never tried it, i'm vegetarian but i hear it's good"
and he looked me dead in the eyes and said "you're gonna die young"
is it available on demand?
i don't think so. if that changes i will tweet it out!
so, to quote you, they "imprison" themselves
that wd be a misquote. watch the video?
they didn't win the super bowl because of deflated balls colts got smacked on the ground all game long
they would have won that colts game with a beach ball....regardless he still cheating like an asshole
please instead of having a fit about a subject you're new too just be calm and ask what is this &amp; how can i get this done. i can't stand ppl
i swear this job has run my patience into the ground.
what are those issues?
...shocked and surprised by solangeknowles reveal of what rudeness and reckless acts she endures daily... too probably
iof thugs photographed beating palestinian during routine harassment &amp; oppression. israel says they'll "investigate...
thank you to for revealing how israelis brutalize families usmedia won't, shirks
and he looked me dead in the eyes and said "you're gonna die young"
what the heck
maybe not directly but it certainly causes an environment rife for it. islam has regressed the past few decades. why?
agree which is why i'm critical of ksa proselytizing abroad. but the terror narrative is flawed and unsubstantiated
i will forever never get used to hitting the home button to unlock my phone
i sent you the link on facebook to be able to do it again!
bed music alone got me vibin....
i fuck with you so heavily
when i took this pic ice breakers were plowing a path for the staten island ferry (i was...
. only hipsters ride in the winter. got it.
and look at ya boy malcolm look where it got him. all shooting back does is create more chaos and more killing.
malcom was eliminated for going against the nation
i wouldn't really consider this historic preservation or adaptive reuse. it's more of a skin transplant.
there are many ways to do preservation, keeping facades is among them.
bnp affiliated with jamaat e islami they carried out the genocide and rape along with the razakars and pakistani army
it was founded by ziaur rahman, khaleda zia's husband who pardoned war criminals ie: rapists and murderers and pakistan sympathizers
new cornucopia ep on tomorrow! &lt;3
can't get enough of this -
lol, was at sfo at 6am yesterday morning.
me too! still am until friday then heading over to the east coast :)
these guys on weei just said the red sox don't have a passionate fan base... what do you think of this trash?
you've got to be joking.
premium swipe to whoever holds my laundry
hi wana cuddle
how many +100 dow days in a row will we now have? i'm guessing from now til end of the year
even that's too conservative at this point. so many stocks, so little time. $sbux has yet to join the rally party
don't have a man so i'ma just buy men hoodies
steal hoodies from your closest guy friend. that should save you money.
"show cover page in two page view" is selected. then, go to view&gt;page display and select two page view.
thank you! is the only way to get a highres pdf to pay for it? i'm a bit confused about paying for a preview of my own work
wamc had an interesting update in june on the reduced decision-making role suny's alain kaloyeros had of late...
sidenote: he takes 18 splendas in his iced coffee. 18.
. shares 3 things to always keep in mind when it comes to your reputation.
good stuff. impt of guarding reputation is one of 's best laws in 48 laws of power.
a straight lie.
name them. i don't support the deadly use of force. cops aren't supposed to act as judge jury &amp; executioner.
started my morning with this world changer. so many &amp; memories!
aww it was the absolute best seeing you again!! and finding out you work *gasp* and hearing about your cool projects!
who's ready to fail morenos test
we do have a cheat sheet
thank god it's thursday
thank god for everyday
. weekly news conference - live online here:
. is talking about the state of emergency in puerto rico &amp; the supplies the usa will send to their favorite colony?
please keep cool and calm at the debate even if hillary is disrespectful! don't engage!
america needs lawfulness over political correctness!!
. tmobile phones barely work on tmobile. dm us and we'll hook you up with service that doesn't leave you guessing.
funny, because my t-mobile phone works better in sf than the verizon phone i switched from.
my hair is fully natural. idk if i could get a bob sew-in or something. i want it to look natural
try a wig first! but also think about a consultation from a local stylist, too!
can bands stop play msg. i'm too poor for that venue.
this is it. this is the most relatable tweet i've ever seen.
the cover is a total pass
you know.. the flawed imperfect thing. it's just really plays that up. lol. still haven't listened but i will
goodluck babygirl you got this go make that moneyyy
thank you baby doll
every time the biased, liberal media reports anything about the election, the more it's clear that trump is going to win and they're scared.
as much as people hate the candidates they hate the media even more.
nice to see a marathon session of your show. any chance we will see new episodes in 2017?
thanks! unlikely though.....new leadership. cool, smart people but new management means new programming.
i am so humbled &amp; energized by all of your emails, tweets, posts! i'm back starting 9/22! ladies - i see you be ready
watching you today on it's more clear why i love you...great contributions on hot topics. keep up the great job!
i find that many republicans believe we exist in a "post racist world" and democrats are stoking the fires..
democrats don't have to stroke the fires when the alt-right does a fine job all on their own.
&amp; : an uncommon partnership insights: ...
but likely to be more "uncommon" as banks and fintechs realize the value of partnership, agree?
yes yes y'all... i made the list. ...
when i grow up i want to be like
sorry about the mix up! please call our customer support team at 1-800-usa-levi for exchange/return assistance. thanks.
, thanks. the search for new ( ) jeans continues. fyi: plus size people are tall too.
my son is studying computer science at college, was surprised and delighted to discover he's learning c#.
reasonable language to start with, which college?
new panic tour!!
what a great lineup!
you may be correct lol
take it as a compliment! you must be doing something right
what's good - ready for ?! we're playing next while we countdown the...
best radio station ever!!!
maybe not directly but it certainly causes an environment rife for it. islam has regressed the past few decades. why?
point is i don't think it should be emphasized over eg aggressive secularization programs. referring mostly to west anyway
do you not know me lmao
lmao nah i know
yea u need to give her some hookah and call it a day
bro she keeps asking me when am i going to 809 with her
yo he good ppl tho
he's one of the best.
it being responsible for finding &amp; delivering business value thru experiments, fail fast, and iteration. not just taking orders.
experimentation requires a hypothesis, a direction, understanding what is your orgs direction
lawyer: palestinian prisoners in israeli prison face torture, filthy living conditions
ask why american people are forced to underwrite israel's cruelties, brutalities, crimes to youth, families
virulently offensive ya antagonists?
very othering, you a**holes
how big and what material is it on
18x24 can't you read, and it's on paper
is this an instagram of your having some casual fun at the beach? nope, it's a miller high life ad.
i love high life i wish my life was so casual and fun
nothing whatsoever to do with happiness, but reality that globalization cannot be undone, no matter it's + or - consequences
globalization can be harnessed for the benefit of states. not for a blind, idyllic, no-borders vision.
fold my laundry
i'll trade u.. laundry for a back massage
bingo. we demo full speed of the connection, because "my result is only 650mbps" is a primary call driver.
i'm getting consistently higher results from the google fiber speed test fwiw
this weird gay ass nigga keep offering to succ my homeboy dick stop him now before he threaten to s...
lmfao stupid. i didn't ask him to suck my dick. he offered. that's one. two i just told u i didn't want u
are u hillary's twitter guy......no wonder she's losing.
the commonwealth of va is safe now that is one of its "investigators" just ask
i understand "peaceful" protests and what message people are trying to send by having them, but people need to real...
well said, and it will never work. war is inevitable imo. black ppl would be better off however if we united and nationalize
as all walking dead fans know, we soon find out which major character negan killed in last season's finale. all hope its not their fave.
2) and while comic readers know who that was in the comics, we all know the victim on the show may not be the same. here is my theory:
still a bear.
you're really more of a twink tho
this helicopter situation is taking me back to the days of helicopters hovering for hours when i lived in la.
me too! i have a visceral reaction.
feel a little sick now, especially when bdesh is basically a two party country and don't have much opposition
yeah exactly and hasina even shuts down voting booths in areas where there's more opposition support its sooo corrupt honestly
you obviously didn't do a good job. did you at least fuck a fine ass white bitch to make me? ion wanna have 2 ugly ass parents
i don't remember son. it was one of those long wild nights.
yes. i didn't even realize it was supposed to be him at first.
have you guys listened to my project tho?? and it's not as long. lol!
me: i'm a sex positive person! women's studies professor: lets all talk about sex me:
me: i'm sex positive and can handle this classes topics! woman's studies ta: lets talk about porn! i know you all w...
they didn't win the super bowl because of deflated balls colts got smacked on the ground all game long
and to be fair the "only jet fans still care" statement is because we hear pats fans bitching about it all day
well said, and it will never work. war is inevitable imo. black ppl would be better off however if we united and nationalize
dont mean to sound like a pessimist, but
it's the , which means glorp glorp chomp blurp
why does this tweet only have one fav it's the best one i've read today
honey, look - you're famous! finally.
in my mind "andy richter" and "ew" are one and the same b
except for where it explicitly denies this, sure.
ugh, mea culpa, i missed that one line. what % does eberstadt say are minorities?
. here's to your stop and frisk comment they need to stop...
lived in nyc thru stop &amp; frisk era-visiting a friend in e.harlem i wound up on rikers 4 nothing-&amp; im a white guy
lol i didn't call they prob still making schedule for me
lol i'll check tomorrow
2) and while comic readers know who that was in the comics, we all know the victim on the show may not be the same. here is my theory:
3) negan is sadistic, but he's primarily a pragmatist who enjoys &amp; values being the leader of a large group &amp; the perks that brings.
sign: rumble strips ahead me: "like, on the road?" car: immediately runs over rumble strips rumble strips: loud me: screams
lily don't tweet and drive
idk why this was so funny to me but i'm dead
lol koop would do this to you
yeah, the cards can cover. this was a theme all game vs bucs. bills have to find a way to get wrs loose. won't be...
screens, lateral passes, shady/sammy in space
this is the past, present and future that israel wants for the palestinians. in
historians of future will pour over these photos, condemning israel forever
my fork broke somewhere between the cafe and my desk but i'm too lazy to go back so now i'm eating like this
hard life of a googler ;)
coming to watch you live when i'm back in nyc. xoxoxo
i'd be disappointed if you didn't now that we are bffs and all
what's goin on?!?! how u doin?
shit chillin at wrk its been a min how u doin?
i correct as many as i can find. it is clutter. and in this case, nothing to do with
it's funny because i've been engaging since january, but i've never seen either of you b4
if you have me, you want to share me. if you share me, you don't have me. what am i?
es un secretooooo
reminder : drink some water &amp; don't care what other people think of you.
yess also happy birthday
website obesity, again. funny, insightful.
"html + crap + surveillance" :)
launch both yolo
lol not done, no way
i swear this job has run my patience into the ground.
all this panic over how to use a usb flash drive.
oh hey intel tells me that voya is actually also racist who could have guessed i am shocked.
bigotry is like roaches, for every one you see there's dozens more.
up to something
blehhhh i'm in new york and want to see you
cap company** snapchat me before you buy something tho
probs be a top as not much room in the cases!
then you are no libertarian
no, she's a nationalist. that's the party now.
so excited to join - completed a and b thus far... what will the focus/theme be for letter c???
love your post on balance. as parents, we want the best for our kids. and, sometimes the best thing is to watch them fail well.
rebel t3 its older i know and i was designated photographer for my cousins football games. but i'd like...
that's still a good camera to have, i have a minolta from the 70s that'll take pictures as good as the cameras now a days.
nothing whatsoever to do with happiness, but reality that globalization cannot be undone, no matter it's + or - consequences
thank hashem, that the nationalist sentiments of civilization's parent races are gradually arousing.
i haven't did the pledge since like 8th grade.
and you cant ubderstand where me and other blacks who feel like me come from?? let it be someone in ur fam.
happy 07'
wow!!!! 07 and not today? ;-) ageless beauty!
you got me fat ass
aaawww. there there, mijita, you're gonna make it through this. i pray to the virgen for you. stfu already.
thank you to the allegheny county fire dept! incredible guys who have some amazing toys!
they are tools you man chill twat
11-year-old girl arrested with knife at school says she needed it to fend off clowns
wow. i don't even know how i should react to that. fucking clowns. they scare me, too.
absolutely blows mine when my lyft/uber driver been waiting for all of 14 seconds outside and wanna call me like "im waiting" like? smd
then charge you a waiting fee
so happy for you love you! miss you!!
thank you i love you more!!!
starting to think this election may not be a referendum on simpson-bowles
is this up for a "says who?" award?
we can &amp; should have 1 ticket w/o merging unions, taking muni from bos
yes this is practical and doable, need not be wrapped into fantasy reorg
hey, just 30 minutes to today's community call. talking 's ask, the wsj graphics team + more:
what about the blackout in puerto rico?
rebel t3 its older i know and i was designated photographer for my cousins football games. but i'd like...
if you can find the book i showed you it'll explain what you need to know for sporting events
please enjoy this interactive experience (it's a pretty crazy story, too).
this is gorgeous
congrats to , sounds like a great org!
it is and will continue to be!
3) negan is sadistic, but he's primarily a pragmatist who enjoys &amp; values being the leader of a large group &amp; the perks that brings.
4) so he has 2 goals: assure his group he's the leader who'll avenge their deaths &amp; break rick &amp; his group while bringing them into his.
i am stopped at road construction
ok just don't want a crashed lily &lt;3
i would take a qb over a defensive player every time. is on until 12 et
even if it's the cowboys and their pathetic excuse for a defense? watch a rag tag chi team put up 400 yds
come out here more often and i'll show you more!! now you gotta show me dublin for all its splendour
dublin for all it's alcohol gurr. and have to come too
never on the history of usa presidential election a candidate was accused of rape.
in case you missed it,this is one to retweet widely! and add this:
rochester institute of technology
tell him to enjoy it, i remember my first programming class was like being exposed to a wonderful new world.
i'm on with tonight at 8pm. there are funny moments and serious moments, each better than the last. tune in!
i will watch for you but you are taking me away from foxwoods casino!
from the pretty and powerful.
have this? design drawing by francis d. k. ching tempted...
this taken a few months ago with my iphone 6s plus.
i've sometimes gotten great natural bokeh with smartphones under the right circumstances.
trump loves to tell black people their lives are awful but refuses to criticize the police for killing unarmed black people
trump's courting the murderer vote and doesn't want to alienate his base.
that is a poor choice of phrasing, but also don't breed dogs. rescue dogs!
your mind is a wretched place
what! thanks! we're both in the area!
how long are you in nyc for?
context? and no - chris isn't nearly as nuts as i am. not by a longshot lol
but doesn't chris come at me with the crazy statements or am i mixing people up
but we too ignorant to understand this
thats the sad part. its gonna take at least 2 generations for blacks to rise
why? how is that related to the overall system being put to sleep?
i'm not sure but i've had the same experience as you and that fixed it for me.
i think i drank a half a bottle of whiskey last night. i'm now circling the drain of eternity.
your hangover death metaphor tweets give me life.
the us cannot continue to kill, steal, drive down wages, wage war, cause mass suffering across the world &amp; claim to the home of the free
i am for everyone getting more money. but look around wall-mart. they made wage increases, and increased prices.
point is i don't think it should be emphasized over eg aggressive secularization programs. referring mostly to west anyway
if we want to understand terror determinants, demonizing saudi arabia is not a productive way to go about it.
i haven't did the pledge since like 8th grade.
yea, thats normally what it takes
i correct as many as i can find. it is clutter. and in this case, nothing to do with
technically you're cluttering by using hashtag to act as hashtag police. relax, cut down on caffeine. thx
join us &amp; : sun 9/25 to raise $ for
grazie for all your support!
no wonder my mum calls them both a hobese when they come on the news
my mom too lmfaoo she makes dua that both womyn die so our people can finally be at peace
if you can find the book i showed you it'll explain what you need to know for sporting events
the book will teach you all you need to know for portrait shots, sports, landscape, toys, pets etc.
a huge happy 1st birthday to &amp; a quick shoutout to the two best young journalists i know, and !
thank you we miss you!!!
did you update your music computer? i read some early reports that some audio apps and plugins are having issues (as usual...)
yes, but i finished the bit of audio work i needed to do before updating. what's broken?
check back after couple more end zone ints
pretty sad, though, how quickly that locker room has turned on cousins. not his fault the d allowed dallas 27 pts.
from the trees.
found the one on the left at the library. thank heavens for libraries.
i think i drank a half a bottle of whiskey last night. i'm now circling the drain of eternity.
for sure stealing "circling the drain of eternity" btw
boom! expect a visit soon!! :)
see you soon trev, would be nice to have you around :)
what would be a viable alternative to haskell?
bash. a long pipeline is functional... kind of.
...i'm gunna be that guy and ask...which mouse did you go with
hahaha they were just general requests going out to all the grad students, but i'll let you know if i contribute
i want some more beats.
check these beats
trump's ohio campaign chair: "i don't think there was any racism until obama got elected."
doesn't she just seem like the sweet aunt you have over for thanksgiving? bless her racist heart.
"every part of the country is experiencing construction worker shortages."
where are the jobs? i keep hearing that from coal miners.
the us cannot continue to kill, steal, drive down wages, wage war, cause mass suffering across the world &amp; claim to the home of the free
we are going into a hard inflation period.
i'm in love, this is the ultimate season
the fear in phi phi's face
ex-cuomo aide, 8 others charged in new york corruption case
getting closer
4) so he has 2 goals: assure his group he's the leader who'll avenge their deaths &amp; break rick &amp; his group while bringing them into his.
5) so, when he approached the kneeled gorup, the brilliant negan had already eliminated those who won't accomplish this as a sacrifice.
dustin is the type of character a writer would have so much fun writing and developing.
me after i finished stranger things
just finished watching &amp; whew! i want to put on a plate w some biscuits &amp; gravy he looks so yummy
what r u watching, cuz he's not on the one i'm watching, actually it said trump (1)
i'm wit a bitch i wanted in the 8th grade
lmao wow that's probably how tyleak feels
don rumsfeld says he's not surprised that hw is voting for clinton. says "he's up in years."
no secret bush 41 never liked rumsfeld. had sense enough in his administration to keep cheney &amp; rummy out of the same sandbox.
you are no longer a you are now
i think it only applied to those born after a certain year or am i making this up? lol
cool. love these old monster characters.
you and me both sir!
great view of tom fruin's glass water tower | photo by in nyc
thank you!!! :)!
if you did want to risk $jnug, now is your chance, pal. either it races back up to $23 or drifts lower through the close.
well got in with nugt and a sell at 24 exp on 30th
hv a great time! currently in la manga! interclub!
always wanted to go to la manga. spain's original golf and tennis resort!
kind of a lot of bs &amp; bush sr endorsing killary is time for us all to wake up get ready for wise important actions!
thx u its--was praying w/&amp; 4 u last night just didn't want to bother to much late. sure appreciate ur being here!
handbag made out of dead cat fetches $545 at auction:
uhhhh maybe not show the photo in the tweets it's
i confess it surprises me when someone writes about cutting tension with a knife in a manuscript w/ zero irony.
reading this and trying to remember if i ever used it in a ghd manuscript... don't think so! phew!
0/ one worry is that data, big and small, will lead to more wells fargos.
1/ that the quantification of performance (for hiring, promotion, bonuses) will inevitably lead to gamesmanship at all levels.
ain't no filter bihh
nah son.. i once made a tweet about this jamaican speaking patois &amp; the shoe was fitting too perfectly so i just try not to
you mean, aside from the death threats? and this?
there were no death threats established from a sanders supporter and the chair throwing was proven a fraud.
bother, bother!!!
good morning to you! 8:40 am dent:space - richard sends
which no intelligent person would
so it's not intelligent to speak how you really feel on social issues?
what's happening in is devastating. we stand with and against militarized police.
what's more devastating to poc is putting this guy back on scotus for another generation, but by all m...
party tip: you have the strength. do not give up.
i have the strength...to party?
it's not pessimism anymore brother its reality
indeed it is bro. and its always been our reality...no matter whos in office. blacks...we needa form our own america
1/ that the quantification of performance (for hiring, promotion, bonuses) will inevitably lead to gamesmanship at all levels.
2/ i share this worry. it's right and proper that folks are vocal about it.
slavery rhetoric?? i participate in protests of cop killings of black lives!! we must stop hurting black lives w/ protests.
.personally i wouldn't mind to bring to justice the nightriders who seiged my grandparents property 1920s la
the book will teach you all you need to know for portrait shots, sports, landscape, toys, pets etc.
it's always good to have a tripod also
reading this and trying to remember if i ever used it in a ghd manuscript... don't think so! phew!
cosmoe would have said, "tension you could slice with a light saber."
my fashion marketing teacher is a fool
she be having me dead af
new on soundcloud: kevin sabet cops to holding marijuana gummies on
the sugar=more damaging than marijuana/cannabinoids! fact-pot lowers harms2body from sugar!
hey . so i'm doing some beta testing of the guides app. how do i share comments / feedback?
sure! send us an email to appsupport.com
this is what phat cat does
literally all my cats
it literally sent me 22 alerts at the same second
amazing considering that they are each written by hand by
intriguing signing. ugh, i wish they had more roster spots
if it came down to him and auguste, it'd be him. but not really sure why he signed w/ us given our glut at the 4 &amp; 5.
twitter lunch room. i was not the one to suggest taking this selfie and i've never been prouder ...
not living my best hair life here.
you mean, aside from the death threats? and this?
so, now i know you're full of shit about being a sanders supporter. good luck with your corrupt warmonger. take a block.
you joke. i'll go get the damn thing right now, try me
"go get me a beer out of the piano" is what happens when white trash gets money. has one for the double wide.
i'm glad you're safe &lt;3 &lt;3 heads up, near your offices! &lt;3 &lt;3
i know! it's freakin' scary
i'm like kaepernick, ain't afraid to speak our minds so people hate us
lmfaoooo do not compare the two
2/ i share this worry. it's right and proper that folks are vocal about it.
3/ but i want to highlight a related problem that is, in a way, more fundamental. more cultural.
6 easy 2016 halloween costumes you can make with t-shirts you likely already own
totally going now as pickachu
ima search to see if theres more ryuko and dandy pics
please! crossover art is my lifeblood
if was going to pay $1,500 for an upgrade, i think i would have just bought the first class seat in the first place...
the man's reaction is spot on
hey misshattan big fan of your work, quick question? what do you use to edit your work and what is your go to lens?
24-70 go to lens &amp; use lightroom / snapseed :)
yes. was there onvthursday for 's talk, how gov.uk changed government. i also had to see .
nice. that talk sounded great - my pal works with them
is the strategy leaving someone you no longer want to be with???
really makes you wonder, what's the "endgame" here?
take your girl there
also the closest one is in pennsylvania or rochester lol far af
lol it's crazy but i do a lot of work using my hands so i guess i understand
nah look at this shit. my gel top coat is all fucked....
any vet or military ppl that support trump,needs their head examined
- amen !!!!
lmao i never thought of that definitely doing that
yea my friends took some of my hoodies
3/ but i want to highlight a related problem that is, in a way, more fundamental. more cultural.
4/ imagine you are a successful professional. you went to a good school. got a good job. worked hard. climbed the ladder. a striver.
yes, because life is not a game, and police officers can be killed very quickly if/when it escalates.
there's no other way to deescalate the situation than by killing him? seems circular.
watch live: donald trump delivers remarks at the shale insight conference in pittsburgh
why to first hear him constantly praise himself? for god's sake what's wrong with this character? enough!!
yes, but doesn't go into effect until october.
watch them run out the clock
just finished watching &amp; whew! i want to put on a plate w some biscuits &amp; gravy he looks so yummy
(2) campaign mgr was gonna b on with , so far only lisa, want to c go at
i don't understand why people who claim to love america so much sport the confederate flag as a representation of their love
cuz they are racist
4/ imagine you are a successful professional. you went to a good school. got a good job. worked hard. climbed the ladder. a striver.
5/ now you're in a position to do some hiring. you're considering a candidate that would report to you.
isn't he lovely...
one of my favs albums of all time :)
this is like the time mel b moved there and started tweeting about strollers. in a leeds accent.
except with many fewer millions of dollars involved and no eddie murphy
you mean, aside from the death threats? and this?
this however is true:
check this out - done using app @ gantry plaza state park
so cool. thanks for sharing!
5/ now you're in a position to do some hiring. you're considering a candidate that would report to you.
6/ you like the candidate, but you have one qualm. he was fired by his previous employer. you ask why.
i will be interviewed from cleveland, ohio, on - tonight at 10:00 p.m. enjoy!
- don't wait for me
kind of a lot of bs &amp; bush sr endorsing killary is time for us all to wake up get ready for wise important actions!
thk u not thx u..ha autocorrect or ?.. let's have a gr8 rest of week go go w/help from us-hvn
like when hrc formally got the dem nom and papers had bill on the front page?
exactly! who says there's no precedent for this stuff?
oh, no, i thought this was a letter to you and that they messed up on your name haha
haha ok got it
i'm doing comedy in lots of places this november/december! one of them is oklahoma city! hooray!
this is very good. the people in okc comedy are very good
a lot of you out there have struggles and nobody to talk to. even if it's just to vent, i reply to all messages. feel free to reach out :)
this is so wonderful to read! thanks for the follow
woohoo! this shot is aces! do you mind if we ask you where you found this?
i took this photo from the train!
i am a thestral!!!!!
that is awesome!! they are really cool!
share some secrets with us.
wish i could - this is from an exhibition of ufo books/art
i think they've simply put off what the comic says is coming...and one more!
tell me what you think of my pick.
great view of tom fruin's glass water tower | photo by in nyc
thank you!!! :)!!!!!!
it's a great way to head rules hawks off at the pass, without committing actual rulebook real estate.
my most satisfying (and soul crushing) activity is responding to a question with: what does the card say?
to all the haters out there.
so you think it is hatred to oppose islamic sex slavery and child marriages, etc. sad.
illuminate monster in space an international team using the atacama large...
(cont) snapshot from simulation of a lyman-alpha blob showing distribution of gas within dark matter halo
this is why, at the end of the day, the good guys are going to win in america
has this adoption program for refugees &amp; they're deluged with requests
i had not realized peter daou was unhinged for a living. makes more sense now.
"the liberal answer to the conservative messaging of fox news"
you weren't at the borgata yesterday?
never mind!! wasn't you
why does this tweet only have one fav it's the best one i've read today
literally my exact question out loud in vox media nyc hq
6/ you like the candidate, but you have one qualm. he was fired by his previous employer. you ask why.
7/ the gist is that his boss was a clueless jerk with unrealistic expectations. the candidate is diplomatic in his telling, but you get it.
how they gonna arrest me when i have friends like in high office?
i warning allyuh from me na!!! wha trouble you in pardy?
i mean i already have libra traits but
and how they gonna give scorpio 7 days
i really do not want to be a gemini
lmao omg i wouldnt either if i was you. i hate geminis
this was really intense. also infuriating. i'm not sure i want to hear in the hall of the mountain king again for a while.
i so hate that. too much luck base. i gave up after three hours
yeah, no..appropriating lgbt cultural touchstones = saying "all lives matter"
a rather shallow position considering. plus white gay culture's appropriation of black culture is "legendary mama!"
my fathers hahaa little sister
you have a baby sister omg. she's fkn perfect! congratulations
coming up next: opens up about the painful experience after her second child &amp; her series: "this is life."
(3) at , that was gonna b good too
regardless hrc is a sickly, criminal, globalist, and a mechanical harpy with blood on her hands
hahaha, and womanizer trump w/sweatshops in 4 countries isn't a globalist? keep chugging that kool-aid
blizzards or frostys? or burgers? r3: vs
oh its burgers all the way
7/ the gist is that his boss was a clueless jerk with unrealistic expectations. the candidate is diplomatic in his telling, but you get it.
8/ and you believe him. you agree that this old boss of his really was a clueless jerk.
excellent! most likely the furthest south we'll go is napa. then north to portland and the coastal hwy
sounds like an awesome trip would like to do those areas as well, usually in social where family and friends live
that's backwards. stand up is off the charts. movies are the epitome of corny
to each his own. i think he's really corny
what the fuck
this is insane but i knew kids who didn't really live in the district who attended and lawn guyland can be insane with nimby
the first black president was supposed to "heal the racial divide." he didn't heal anything. i weep for my country.
if the looters had jobs and prosperity there wouldn't be a problem. we need trump
but you got pairs... us little bit people trying to flourish.
but i take l's like the rest of 'em too...
i am considering hiring an attorney to look at my lease. it has some weird errors that i think would let me out with no fee.
there's probably free legal aid in your city somewhere. the library maybe. source: i'm suing my old landlord
oh my gosh i didn't know about "turn off retweets" until just now
thank you!!!
8/ and you believe him. you agree that this old boss of his really was a clueless jerk.
9/ it sounds like she (the old boss) lacked the expertise to set the right goals, so she just made up her own and ruthlessly stuck to them.
i just wish they understood my life does not revolve around the people of albany n troy
if i tweet something that might be about you, 9/10 it's about 4 other people too.
today i promise to be less dickish/cuntish/prickish/bastard-y/bitchy/gnarly/fucker-y/boobish-ery/rotisserie(?)... yeah, i'll try to be calm.
well then, good morning sunshine!
looking forward to mixing passionate professional pursuits with goofy stories!
definitely .... bringing and a so we can really go hard
could start about 5 lower div pro/rel clubs now? why isn't he?
cause even one club is a lot of work! :)
yes don't be a stranger hun and i promise i won't either it was good to see you well...
ha ha that's cool especially the no stranger words..yes yes of course here too &amp; thanks 4 ur &amp; open-mindedness
why is there a helicopter right above my apartment?
can i catch the helicopter?
hope this bit of humor helps make you a little less angry today. :)
thank you. it all helps.
9/ it sounds like she (the old boss) lacked the expertise to set the right goals, so she just made up her own and ruthlessly stuck to them.
10/ you know the type. you empathize. you've been the technical whiz mismanaged by a know-nothing mba with some connections.
nothing of lasting and measurable value in life can be created without absolute commitment.
if you're rich and white.
assad rejects u.s. accusations that syrian or russian planes hit an aid convoy in aleppo
why isn't this genocidal lunatic dead?
no i understand you're point completely i'm just saying it isn't the greatest choice in the world.
bruh i been alive 35 years and ion see a better one
mylan's chief is chastised by lawmakers questioning epipen pricing
i understand that it is more complex than this, but i still believe getting more than you give is not striking a "balance".
god crushed ethiopians according to the bible.
throughout time the names of certain places changed the conquering of kingdoms etc
legit question: why are there not more marginalized professional reviewers? is it the pay level of reviews in general or is it other stuff?
so many amazing book bloggers of all genders, sexualities, colors, &amp; levels of disability who review books for free. why aren't they hired?
's and are chatting future with
glad to see us up there repping home cooked goodness!
i'm new to "fixer upper" and totally obsessed (the kitchen islands!) and am so happy wrote about it
welcome to the club jaime. all hail kitchen islands for everyone!
5) so, when he approached the kneeled gorup, the brilliant negan had already eliminated those who won't accomplish this as a sacrifice.
6) that includes the women. they may be badasses, but negans group doesn't know that.
self promotion is ok if mixed w/promotion of other stuff you like, healthy dose of humor &amp; sarcasm, and not taking...
don't take my tweets too seriously
10/ you know the type. you empathize. you've been the technical whiz mismanaged by a know-nothing mba with some connections.
11/ but your empathy quickly turns back into doubt.
chud on luck: "he'll be ready for the game. i have no doubt."
"chud" is a dud. let luck call the game this colts team and organization err a disaster. (colts fan since 1958 here).
unhinged because he pushes back on bs about hillary?
except most of it's not bs. daou attempts to correct the record when the record is already correct. the naive eat it up.
meanwhile, trump is soliciting his followers via text message to tell him what issues to "fight" on in the 1st deba...
a bully is a bully is a bully.
lol most ppl who gotta support families don't make that much
that's what i'm saying! he dumb lol
suspicious package reported, transit rerouted at s. van ness &amp; mission
is this what the helicopters are about?
just went through a whole meeting with no coffee. bad idea.
finally had coffee. i feel like a human again
can't answer that 3am call when a zombie d/t meds for by 8pm. where r those additional...
and can we be sure the vp will be sober?
oh my god. she's trying to lose.
maybe hrc doesn't know about the internet
my order was delicious! i can barely wait to have some leftovers for lunch today! glad everything worked out! :-)
. leftovers are the best part of a home cooked meal:)
hey this might be something you could help with (backups?)
we backed up the site two days ago.
hillary is now following the "leader" trump! copy cat no leadership!!
trump's in the home stretch and he is the best deal closer!! - go trump!!!
gas, you're starting to babble. incoherently.
i hear does so much investigative work for no one knows who he is!
i was a bit of a smart ass in my youth.
youth, huh?
what is everyone up to today? anything fun/interesting/important/super chill?
just getting people to sign up to bring stuff to our picnic
nah bro, you're a pedophile
you tried calling me out for being gay and that failed so now you wanna sit here and say this lame ass shit. nice try.
i'm getting too old for this.
nope, just insufficiently hydrated
i'm sorry but you aren't changing my zodiac sign from cancer to gemini.
especially after pluto was demoted from a planet! :)
anyone else starting to think the only reason they passed these open carry laws is so that they can justify shooting us?
that's a long shot... the protests are against police. who regardless of the open carry laws, can carry a handgun. lol
french montana buys iggy azalea seven diamond rings
i hear he wasn't to bright but this definitely takes the cake.
if i tweet something that might be about you, 9/10 it's about 4 other people too.
maybe 10 other people lmao.. you're not the only one, i talk shit about everyone equally fam
11/ but your empathy quickly turns back into doubt.
12/ what did you do when you were a young striver being mismanaged? did you call bullshit on the timeline? go above your manager's head?
6) that includes the women. they may be badasses, but negans group doesn't know that.
7) killing a helpless woman has signification that would make him look weak to his group, as well as ricks &amp; will negate the sacrifice.
cuz it looks like bagheera from the jungle book!
ohhhhhhh that makes sense! i love t
i only started hating it when it became synonymous with "do this for me for free"
it's usually always for free.
have you ever noticed that the more you try to focus on your career, the less and less time you have for literally anything else? xd
omg yes the struggle of balance is real.
i didn't get to see you but i bumped into . hope you guys had fun!
great to meet you again. next time in london
happy birthday lil nugget i miss you and can't wait to see you at your s16!!
thank you! cant wait to see you!! love youu
dc please!!!
. coming as fast as we can! how'd you hear about umi?
12/ what did you do when you were a young striver being mismanaged? did you call bullshit on the timeline? go above your manager's head?
13/ no. you sucked it up and met the deadline, even though it meant a 90-hour week. even though the work was sub-par.
do iiiiit! i'm getting another on saturday.
i would go tomorrow but i have a lot of debts to pay back and it's just not a priority right now. maybe in a few months
news has reached as far as san francisco!
all jokes aside that's great to get a write up in the local paper
when your morning starts w finding a sequin embedded in your soap.
i could take some guesses as to where it was
lmaooo its okay i got a -5 on that quiz
we got an a in the class though so we lit
today in words have meaning.
transparency is in the eye of the beholder
don't be discouraged by opposition, be encouraged by it. on the other side of difficulty is a new level of your destiny.
i hope that is true, because today i am getting opposition.
i had not realized peter daou was unhinged for a living. makes more sense now.
hillary collapsing at the 9/11 memorial was a feat of great strength &amp; endurance. or so daou would have you believe.
prolly the 73-pic slide show i sent her of the dollar dog sticking out of my fly...
that extra gigabyte is worth every penny you saved on hot dogs last night.
bike paths are like amplitude envelopes - for example, i have a percussive hill over 4 blocks as soon as i live the house
its attack is 0.5 a block; the decay is 3.5 blocks
13/ no. you sucked it up and met the deadline, even though it meant a 90-hour week. even though the work was sub-par.
14/ sure, you cut some corners. you had to! but it got done. on time. you were proud of that much.
i have a nephew in law..... musician, wealthy parents, never worked one day... loves anything communist /socialist
go fuck your self you don't know mylife for shit you unworthy, self entitled propaganda spreading parasite
you are the only reason i'm even on twitter
thanks pup! will i see u at folsom this weekend?
to call off work and drink or to suck it the fuck up and be a mature adult
i'm so fucking torn
haha i always hated the notion that primaries are supposed to be anything resembling democracy anyways
but it goes far beyond that. he ginned up (at least the idea of) a floor fight going all the way to the convention
byebye flat stomachs, we are pounding pancakes! 2 weeks of tour, we deserve this!!
hi ! pari...! this is suresh
14/ sure, you cut some corners. you had to! but it got done. on time. you were proud of that much.
15/ now, the candidate. he seems like an honest, smart, capable guy. he'd probably do good work.
in pwrful unsc rmks invoked moynihan:"you're entitled to your own opinion but not your own facts":
as usual the us makes false claims and calls them facts. a practice going back to powell
more than a month in, i still type 13414 instead of 32934.
you moved to florida?
for the record: twitter for iphone
if he,s saying we need leadership &amp; unity- -he must be voting for
what are you, six years old? thats the best you can do?
speaking of 6 year olds- found this
calls 's "amongst my favorites of all time"
the fact that harlan is a fan continues to fill me with awe, glee--and thankfulness.
pshh i wish hitting up the strip today... come through lol
you know it, i got them stacks ready bruh
15/ now, the candidate. he seems like an honest, smart, capable guy. he'd probably do good work.
16/ but there's this: in the face of the impossible, he says, "sorry, that's impossible."
we are expanding to new markets and hope to see you soon! ^gs
thank you. she really does require this.
imagine if any other country had something like usa's (super creepy) pledge of allegiance. they'd be proclaimed fascists instantly.
for once i agree with you on politics/worldstuff. it's super creepy, especially making kids say it in schools.
7) killing a helpless woman has signification that would make him look weak to his group, as well as ricks &amp; will negate the sacrifice.
8) that also applies to carl, whose murder would bring enhanced hate from rick, whom he needs to manage ricks group, and the group itslf.
feel bad my hand was not there. only thing missing......damn, we really are exhausting. you are keeping me alive. lol.
u know this isn't text right? hahahaha
i didn't realize it was a thing, but i have a student who draws pics of harambe with meme like comments. that stops now.
there's a lot of symbols tied into memes that teens/kids innoc. don't understand. explain meanings, let kids change
16/ but there's this: in the face of the impossible, he says, "sorry, that's impossible."
17/ in a way, that's admirable. it takes wisdom to know what's impossible and guts to call bullshit on it.
fine, but tonedeaf kerr hypocritically said: "i'd hope that everybody..respects each other's pov." obvsly,he doesnt
what's hypocritical and tone deaf about that?
keith is just trying to keep his top spot on the order list. isn't even close.
omg!! wow!!
wait til his girlfriend loses her legs from pressure cooker bomb. see who he votes for then. musician? read unemployed
you're a fucking idiot talk about my girlfriend and make insensitive remarks .wait ... a trump supporter ?? shocker
do not act brand new
it's like i feel like i should know or i do but i forgot perhaps lmao or didn't know thee extent lmaoo .forgive me aunty
t-mobile associates are just as bad as tsa agents.
they literally don't know shit sometimes. i've gotten lucky a few times. once i was so happy i tweeted about it.
you never know what a true monster you are until you live a day after accidentally making decaf.
drink 5 more cups.decaf is not non-caf;with 10% the caffeine of regular coffee, it's like cut coke sans . hopefully.
i'm not 100% sure. but for real
when is it?
17/ in a way, that's admirable. it takes wisdom to know what's impossible and guts to call bullshit on it.
18/ but in professional culture, that's weakness. a striver doesn't call bullshit. a striver finds a way. you don't hire him.
i was planning whether or not i'd see misterwives next yr and got scared bc it's in march and i was like what if phoy clashes!! ...
why am i always convinced parahoy is happening next year but it's actually two years away... when will my suffering end
today's ch. 3 - bridge of sighs (oxford) / hertford bridge ...
beautiful, bet he's there somewhere
grabs popcorn for replies about uber promoting bike safety
what is there to say beyond "fuck off"?
pretty disappointed apple ditched the plastic earpod case now that theirs are by necessity my emergency pair
the bigger plug doesn't fit. i tried.
this is a national emergency so i'm against protest votes. but calling people idiots may not be the best way to change their minds.
and yet the trump campaign has seemingly ushered in a new level of "stuck on stupid".
first elected black governor: clinton takes black vote for granted
she takes blacks, women and latinos for granted &amp; treats them like gullible. the hacks in the media are letting her pimp them.
cole: complacency, crazies, corruption inevitable from one party rule..
. he's right, but does realize advocating divided government means voting ...
plans have changed and i will be making it to the festival &amp; bringing a friend. david - will you be there?
i will be there and look forward to meeting you. will add your name plus friend to guest list.
creating polished
been a little while since i used your tool, good to see it's still the right tool for wireframing!
18/ but in professional culture, that's weakness. a striver doesn't call bullshit. a striver finds a way. you don't hire him.
19/ what does this say about professional culture? how far should a striver go to find a way?
don't turn away from those videos of police brutality
instead, listen to the insightful &amp; inspirational words of the revolutionary
haha i always hated the notion that primaries are supposed to be anything resembling democracy anyways
if you're fed a steady narrative over the course of a year that hrc should not be the nominee, then why vote for her?
thank-you &amp; good night melinda(^_^) ": good morning
beautiful ..thank you
like lots of you make funny comments and that brightens mine &amp; a lot of people's day. thanks for making fuzzy twitter feel alive.
we try. thank you for being an inspiration daily.
"producers only, send beats, not snippets" man what
check these beats out
8) that also applies to carl, whose murder would bring enhanced hate from rick, whom he needs to manage ricks group, and the group itslf.
9) negan well knows and ascribes to machiavelliis advice that fear is better than love from followers, but hate will turn them against you
got mine done saturday
damn that's what mine look like.
can i get a heads up when you figure it out
i'm really feeling london/amsterdam right now . but im open
not the experience i've had, find tracker pushes me to run more. (11 miles on saturday btw)
depends on the person. another study found that joining a gym, using a tracker made people think they were doing more.
abc report details 100s of millions of dollars in russian business for trump
september is pile on hillary month. october is reserved for the donald. i still sleep easy at night!!
has so much good produce and food to offer, why not showcase it all over campus? 1/2
thank you for your suggestions! we will pass them along. also, the paws-n-go markets do feature some gibson items
deliver me from your ! stupid...
another lie by creationists nuked in kitzmiller:
oh no will make sure there is coffee!!
you two rock stars are going to have an amazing day! love you both.
dude you have like 5 locations of the kati roll co...why do you need this from portlandia?
haha there's never enough kathi roll and this one looks so juicy which i love!
shit, that makes me garfield in this scenario. well, i'll be over here in a lasagna pan with a blanket over my head.
i ate those fud.
pressure cooker found in roadway... investigation closing market, van ness, &amp; mission... lines affected.
horrible pic. wasn't it under the bus shelter?
in all seriousness nicole being on big brother has to have taken at least 5 years off of my life from the stress.
mine to especially this finale
mia farrow's son thaddeus dead at 27
love this woman i read everything she wrote. i'm also adopted mother multiple kids aspire to live by her examples so sorry
trump announced this week that his support among black voters in the was 20%. today it sits around 5%.
so when u went to trump tower last week and had u on ur knees begging . did he say no?
stunned: fox news poll: 60% believe trump is hiding something in tax returns ...
- of course he is and he will not release them - ever. it would be his undoing and he knows it !!!
the ethiopia. guys name is jah rastafari
his name is haile selassie h.i.m. his imperial majesty a great king
once again i dive deep into the us trademark office's website to uncover a potential re-brand of a nasl team! read...
oof. while it's interesting to see something slightly different... that's bad
love this exchange. think you're wrong about his butthole, though, . that scene with the saran wrap and...
donut come for me, gurl she has frans
happy birthday to this ridiculous creature @ santorini, greece
i don't think anything will ever equal emmy as a birthday present. except, possibly, an oscar.
is over. can't do it anymore. i'm sure this guy's saying to himself "what a crazy,broken girl." he's righ...
ok that's hilarious should go viral
fact check: no, trump is not surging with minority voters
no, i think they mean, killers of minority voters.
likewise abraham! the event was quite crowded and i lost the , but bumped into others
like trying fine a needle in a haystack but had a great night. see next time.
amazing trump supporters immediately start with the vulgar name calling. it seems their intelligence level overall
that's all they got.
just setting up my twitter.
welcome to ! so glad u r finally here
9) negan well knows and ascribes to machiavelliis advice that fear is better than love from followers, but hate will turn them against you
10) so, negan must choose from the men: negan needs rick, and the damaged darrell brings the same negative symbolism as the women.
then you should know what the hashtag is for.
i'll take that under consideration. i've met a lot of good ppl on this # not looking for a fight. g'day
exact picture of i received this morning on snap
hahahaha im dying
i was wondering why it was so quiet, should i panic yet, or put pants on?
going to go ahead and say neither? looked down cesar chavez as the 14r passed and i couldn't see anything out of the ordinary.
where was the place you were looking at?
downtown anywhere nearish to lark street.
good morning to all on this sunny &amp; hot thursday.going to the beach after breakfast.stay positive &amp; keep smiling:-)
morning john ..isn't this sick weather omg lol.. enjoy your day
haven't had kitty in my home for 24 hours yet &amp; i've been asked by numerous people when she'll start wearing merch....
she keeps cuddling up next to me and following me around my house. i don't want to give her away tonight. :((( good thing it's too my bff
i'm a straight male,a woman pops her titty out,doesn't put a blanket over her, &amp;breastfeeds her child. u think i'm not gonna think sexually?
that's your fault. why don't you simply see it as a mother feeding her child?
when i say something funny and nobody laughs but i'm still crying
my life story . everyday all day
eek - and "serious problems with many plugin alliance products" -
also got some complaining about ilok stuff (as usual).
if president, trump's sanctions against russia could conflict with his business interests, experts say:...
the money hillary received could conflict with our interests &amp; survival of our kids. that is a lot worse
you have no clue, dom? ok. it's simple. ...the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. clearer?
i totally agree with that. don't know what that has to do with slavery. i may be dense.
acclaimed haitian-rights activist whom hillary stole billions from backs trump. ...
i was skeptical till i saw the movie "how the clinton foundation ripped off haiti" heatless people!
good plan! i guess i was thinking more of self-publishing...i see so many awful covers and just...want to help people.
ah! in that case, the best advice i can give you is to not undercharge - expectations are super skewed in self-publishing.
people that are paid a salary to protect our people don't get to pick and choose who they protect!
while this is true, those that don't follow the law and those who uphold it don't get to choose not to obey.
tried several times tonight to cancel a pre-order, keep getting this error:
still not working this morning, is this being looked into?
must be 17 y/o with wealthy parents. goes hook line n sinker for surface level bs.
i actually feel bad for you cause you think everyone else is the problem... hmmmm easy way out
people that are paid a salary to protect our people don't get to pick and choose who they protect!
with no repercussions.
when it comes to global lgbti rights, us doesn't just talk the talk, we walk the walk.
not doing too well on human rights. scenes from last night.
a transcript from overnight: why steve kerr strongly supports colin kaepernick's message...
is there a coach/mgr in the nfl/mlb you can think of that would openly support kap's message in this way?
oh my goodness, why!?! haha i'm working from home today in pjs. which i put back on after my run/shower. and it's glorious.
i'm not sure if it's bc i need to be super productive today or bc i love the dress
she's so cute.
found her somewhat by ur school actually!
trump talks wv gop primary "what a great victory we had there. it was almost like running unopposed." he actually was running unopposed then
on may 10? eh... still had or, mt, nd.... hit 1237 on may 26.
my girl is stright killin it right now... tune in
just a little leftovers from lit wednesday
best. flowchart. ever!
the first box tho...
it's also protected by the 1st amendment but chasing women in your car isn't
exactly this. a court of law will only care about the person who escalated.
lol i'm doing the same thing so i feel you
where u shopping ?
gladly you the second to ask that. can someone book my flights
wouldn't see why not. let's talk u.s pr sometime :)
working as intended
ps4 pro coming soon preorder today
so tell me again liberals. how can we properly vet these people?
we cannot. that is why in order for us to survive we must keep them all out.
its really smart until its not. if it misses a single reservation through email, the entire system falls apart.
where u going?
really, ? you ran out of food today?
happens all the time with sprig too!
love your shoes
they are my fave heels -
funny they are transparent about his criminal past before releasing video?? i guess they're laying the groundwork!
next phase is drug tests. we'll hear he smoked weed.
10) so, negan must choose from the men: negan needs rick, and the damaged darrell brings the same negative symbolism as the women.
11) that reduces it to aaron, glenn, abraham, &amp; eugene. since negan values huge assets like abraham, he will not waste him on a sacrifice
why the anemic atlantic hurricane season? air is going up in ne pacific &amp; sinking in atlantic - causing subsidence...
. while true, jas epac -vp anomalies heavily impacted by july/aug. recent sinking in epac too as walk...
like, i can cop to basically everything having ethical issues, but that's because capitalism/business is fraught, not just f2p
ya, a simpler piece about spending caps imposed by apple prob works but this broad it is wrong take i dunno
never a dull moment with this one. happy birthday to one of my favorite people! ...
thank you so much !! love you
maybe that was the upsetting part.
i've had black - like really black - girlfriends. so it can't be all rainbows and big black cock.
not while our military supports trump. he will be arrested if he invoke martial law.
maybe there r a lot of traitors in this gov
why is she so angry??!
what's wrong with us people today?
when are we playing?
oh whenever, it's for the wii
people of los angeles. is it possible to have a beer and a cigarette at the same time in this city? or do i need to buy a house?
1. put open beer can in paper bag. 2. stand on corner with beer. 3. smoke.
9. bernie wants free college for all. johnson wants to eliminate the department of education.
most of these people just want legal weed
the left isn't appropriate at all. especially if you're breastfeeding around your mans homeboys.
it's just a breast, where the baby is consuming milk from. are you 12 does that really make you hard?
why don't you ever call in anymore
call in ken .. we miss you sexy
absolutely! wonderful man! great privilege meeting him &amp; also his wife
ah the dream! i'd love to meet firth!
you got this boo.
thank you baby girl
maybe that was the upsetting part.
...since i'm basically a pasty bastard.
early morning hikes before 7am just to reach the top of a mountain to watch the sunrise and pop champagne
i saw this on your snapchat &amp; it made me really wanna hang out with you
hahah! only 6??? i must be slipping in my old age!
trying to follow 1/2 of what does has trained me well.
so you notify customers when transactions have been declined yet your goes through all stored cards 4 payment !
so i'm warning everyone remove all stored credit cards from amazon for fraudulent practices!
video: rioters attempted to set a photographer on fire.. rescued by police.
thanks obama and hillary for the good times and fond memories!
thanks for the recent follow happy to connect :) have a great thursday. (via
warm wishes back to you!
abc report details 100s of millions of dollars in russian business for trump by via
deplorable!
i neeeeeed to get into the boston show sunday!!!
theres tickets left!
new video series of &amp; trying to make recipes from 's book...
only if jordan wears this
i must be getting soft. couldn't finish the double ..gonna go back to singles next time.
just b/c you slow with age doesn't mean you can't go the distance. block an afternoon. yes we can.
40 acres and a mule, to start their own lives of freedom. now, you're enslaved for life to the plant instead of the plantation,
ok now i get it.
by the way there's a hidden easter egg twist in the hike that no one has gotten yet. so if you find it, you're double special.
in my experience easter eggs that aren't found right away eventually get eaten by the dog and i find wrappers in dog poop.
lol sorry you just discovered supreme within the last year or so, sport.
sport. you follow up on my page you retweeted this tweet. imbecile.
if that's ya only option... do ya thing.
and you stay with what works for you
your inbred brain couldn't possibly understand
jaffer supports islamic child marriages etc. sad.
yall gotta lock this chubby puffy nipple man up on god he succin minors
lmfao. they're gonna read this entire thread and look at you like you're stupid. all of you are bashing me and i'm good.
y'all knew the cane was gon' be messed up..
it broke my heart! wanted to reach thru the tv and hug ralph angel...for more reasons than one! reeeooowww!!!
jesus gave his life for you stop giving the glory to others
nah not worshiped , he is jesus 1st cousin the one you call " jesus"
my dad's restaurants have been trashed. what a night this has been and it's not even 10.
post gofundme link and post. insurance will give a hard time. police did nothing?
i honestly could care less about shoes, i know what i got i'm not finna flaunt for nobodythat's the last thing on my mind
but at the same time, if i see some i like ima get em
.: "trump holds edge on being honest &amp; straightforward (41% say trump's better here, vs 31% who say clinton is.)" astonishing.
is assertively dishonest. polls every lie to death before uttering it.
have to say one of the chief pleasures of is being surrounded by hundreds of people just as aware of impending peril as you :)
my impression is that those views are actually pretty diverse. would be interesting to survey.
feeling like a mother rn wokeup took lil bri to school , cleaned ate some breakfast now iam sitting looking out our kitchen w coffee
but iam pretty lit
11) that reduces it to aaron, glenn, abraham, &amp; eugene. since negan values huge assets like abraham, he will not waste him on a sacrifice
12) so, his pointing his bat lucille at the victims is to gauge reaction as to who inspires the greatest emotional reaction in the group.
self-defense is for when civility fails.
using your logic should black people run from cops because of what happened to philando castile?
depends where you live too, higher cost of living in bigger cities
yeah you right but for this situation the guy lives in liverpool a 1 bedroom apartment no kids no pets nothing
dt robert thomas (illness) was again watching practice during the open part to the media.
what type of illness does he have? he's been ill ever since the giants signed him
instead, he gives answers like "no he wasn't" with no further arguments.. well damn, thats compelling!
i noticed. he has nothing of substance to say.
there must have been too many fir the vote to unite behind one candidate
fir? really, autocorrect? clearly that sentence syntax was begging for a tree.
i believe the vast majority of espn analysts, anchors &amp; reporters are very credible. then there's dilfer &amp; his exec...
maybe even twice when michigan plays
wait. in "bruce almighty" when bruce makes the dog use the human toilet, he's manipulating the dog's free will. isn't that not allowed?
is that implying that dogs don't have free will? what does this mean?
i need to make my way to a film festival
awareness film festival in la oct 6th-16th. ya boys movie "deceptus" will be screened on the 6th come through!
"stick to sports! unless you completely embrace my racist agenda, then you're all good!"
i was disappointed by shaw's diplomatic take on all of this.
then it's proven they didn't have anything to reach for and they get paid vacation. the life
it's not difficult to just obey their commands...
even better take her on a long date!
we gonna walk there ??? i dont have a whip
the 1% want a race war. they want a civil war. they'll stay in their mansions, laughing all the way to the bank.
. u r so right! n the words of trump. "what have they got 2 lose"
zionists are the ones stealing land.
israel has existed for over 3000 years and that area is not the entire world,
hand sanitizer doesn't stop you from getting sick when your students cough in your mouth :-)
you're supposed to drink it...rookie mistake.
i can't believe i ordered this shirt on sunday, it's arriving today and it's already out of date. ...
ordered mine last week and feel like i need to add hoyer to to it. guess this one is limited edition now
hot mic: rare stealth look at how abc reporter gushes over chance to even be in same room as . objecti...
i can't watch hillary,it's so painful,dear god...
12) so, his pointing his bat lucille at the victims is to gauge reaction as to who inspires the greatest emotional reaction in the group.
13) eugene is part of the group, and liked by some, but he still betrayed them &amp; wouldn't draw the greatest response.
don't make fun of your elders, lol
nah it's fun to
did you buy me something?
nope it was closed
if they dnt kill us off by then
lol facts. if so, im goin blasting no lie about that
hiatus kaiyote and snarky puppy are two bands people keep telling me to get into but i'm just meh.
they're not bad bands. they just don't jive with me is all.
join me in roanoke, virginia on saturday evening at 6pm!
- nope - you're toast according to the latest poll
avoid market and van ness / south van ness. streets closed as police investigate suspicious package found
. at mission and 11th, looking east.
yes do it. right now music and movies are the only thing that makes me feel like myself. i feel you.
i want to all the time. i would start a new blog if i could put in the effort
this is not about blacks being shot, this is about hillary clinton getting elected ben crump and nation of islam behind it too
they are all thieves and scoundrels a using the innocent
does that mean you like to hoard shiny things?
yes, and i'm also very good at imitating human speech.
ivanka gets secret service protection that tiffany doesn't :(
the secret service sometimes calls her and writes her letters
which drop from ? asks podcast
i can give you guys a list of guests you should have in your shows...both journalists and investors, or investing analysts.
we are likely to doing halloween things! will do up the house. you guys should visit?
oh man! we don't have a car &amp; there's the dog issue with people ringing the bell all night..but will think about it!
when i go months with out working out, my stomach gets flabby and arms skinny. i call it "skinny fat"
okay i think that's exactly what i'm experiencing! weird how much your self esteem goes down when you get out of routine
there was a pressure cooker "bomb" at a bus stop on my walk to work, aka some displaced homeless person's crock pot
did they determine it was no threat?
13) eugene is part of the group, and liked by some, but he still betrayed them &amp; wouldn't draw the greatest response.
14) the group greatly respects the brave, honorable aaron, but he is new to the group, and they don't love him like the others.
desperate old woman hillary clinton yells at a camera: "why aren't i 50 points ahead?" ...
is starting to look like a south park character.
"i hear you that i should stop punching you, but let's consider the other side" "no just fucking stop punching me"
i get that too. but before taking a hard line like this, it's important to acknowledge its asking for a civil war.
police are installing fear in every black person, living their lives in a free country. you can't be fearful and free.
fear wont stop u from being free. great freedom fighters have spoken of feeling fear but still resisted oppression
what the f*ck are these
did they do a freaking periscope!!????
it really is
or maybe getting robbed of one
trains, on the other hand, seem to dislike ups and downs. they stick to the plains as much they can
hey amtrak what is the hilliest train route you have in the us?
it's the first day of fall????
yes, it happened at 10:21 et, 7:21 pacific time...except if you're in the southern hemisphere...there its spring! :)
this woman, who says no racism before obama, is trump chair in mahoning county oh where trump won primary w/51%
exactly. imho, the real scandal of the decades has been\is gerrymandering. ruined the republic, and created this.
nothing stops the crusade!
could u run in that?
repercussions of being beat to his death is not appropriate, nor acceptable. colorblind society does not exists here
i absolutely agree. lethal shots aren't acceptable either. but a lot of these cases could be avoided.
county: bankrupt former prisoner still owes us $3,500 to pay for keeping him in jail. 8th cir.: he doesn't.
wanna bet this case cost at least 10x what the county is owed?
perspective and proportion are underutilized qualities in political journalism.
awesome article.
someone doesn't know how words work.
also, made the first statement, saw the video and changed his mind.
"oh, you're out of the vegan special? guess i'll have the steak and eggs."
i can't think about bernie and the complications he's caused. led his peeps on way too deep in the process.
i know bruh shit hilarious unless she goin to chicago this fall lol
lol they have to travel to experience seasons
i don't know any regular reader who uses the journals to make their decisions? they're for our industry.
so there must be huge discussions on getting more marg. folk into your field (i'm sure cause i know you) :)
yet another creepy photo of trump with his daughter. did he ever pose like this with either of his sons? hmmm.
- he really is a sick boy. creepy !!
14) the group greatly respects the brave, honorable aaron, but he is new to the group, and they don't love him like the others.
15) that leaves the beloved glenn. negan pointing to him will draw the greatest horror from the group &amp; seal his doom.....fin
the 350 v2 'beluga'. in stores and online saturday. | details:
my local store stopped accepting raffle entries at 5pm. you should include these details online
no it wasn't. reading comprehension matters.
let me guess... you still think the civil war wasn't about slaves right?!
strictly no hitters when corgs is on the softball mound
roxbury's worst nightmare
repercussions of being beat to his death is not appropriate, nor acceptable. colorblind society does not exists here
sure, there are crooked cops, but i'd say a majority of these situations are justifiable. not all.
soooo proud of you!! i love you
thank you so much i love you
cat buddies!
imagine us both summoning our cats at a time of great need and watching them ignore us in favor of string or a stray feather
i can slide n shotta
yea yall two it gotta b rn tho
these two were npcs in my 4e game from way back. you guys only got to interact with me once :|
the ":|" is due to disappointment on my part.
, didn't we get enough marketing at the other keynote?
be nice with conference sponsors :-) thanks to them we have... you know... the conference!
check out my new pickup from nike snkrs: ! shoutouts to and
did it send you the confirmation email because i never got one?
"unprecedented." 7% of trump campaign funds went to trump family businesses, and report.
trump campaign spending on family businesses: "unprecedented" on ads: strikingly low. clinton has spent 5x more.
i get that too. but before taking a hard line like this, it's important to acknowledge its asking for a civil war.
some wars are worth it. some wars are unavoidable. an effective diplomat always seeks the alternative solution first.
adorable! do you two get to spend a lot of time together?
thank you! &amp; yes we do! we live together so i get to see him everyday!
good. predatory recruitment, taking advantage of those who don't have the info to know better, create long-term nig...
i had a student who could not read about to graduate with 4 yr degree that meant nothing, all on top of 250k in loans.
already done baby
same. what's up fellow sucker.
check the robot disarming a bomb in sf van ness and mission
bomb confirmed?
it's all about the f-bomb. this is pee-yourself funny!! it's decorative gourd season, motherfuckers.
beyond hilarious ... crying
i'm still a taurus and is now a libra
taurus is the best....my dad was a taurus and he was a fantastic guy....like you, elliott!
thanks for your awesome service &lt;3
thanks for being an awesome customer &lt;3
i think they've simply put off what the comic says is coming...and one more!
i obiously agree on the former. but he won't waste another useful fighter he can use.
6yo woke up at 6 w/ a nosebleed. while i pinched his nose, he made up this joke: what's green and sounds like a bear? . . . a pear.
6yo. amiright?
i'm talking about images and beliefs ingrained in our minds as children that close-minded people never escape
you are projecting your narrow views onto others. literally nothing about his comments are "sexist."
what kind of music do chiropractors love? hip pop
which song would you dedicate to them ?!
should gio throw part 2??
whoever voted no should kill themselves
lol i'm crying in my cubicle the auditions from the voice send help
also: alicia &amp; miley are v good on the voice
ha. best part is watching humorless libs insists *its not funny.*
it's uncomfortably funny...exactly what between two ferns intends to be.
"dead broke." what hillary clinton wants to make families after loved ones pass away with her new death tax.
so when teddyboy endorses are u also going to get on ur knees like a ?
trump announced this week that his support among black voters in the was 20%. today it sits around 5%.
keep hearing hillary's a liar,when you ask ppl what exactly she lied about they got nothing they just yell but she's a liar
who is your pick then?
it's at the end of the thread. same as the comics, ,but it makes the most sense.
65% death tax? unreal. hillary clinton thinks the gov't should get more than half of anyone's estate?
didn't government collect tax on income previously? double tax ? spending is out of control &amp; collection isn't?
oh i assumed you were taking about someone in the city lol 100k annually is like middle wage lol
na some guy i work with was saying he doesn't make enough money. like where tf does it all go
the face one makes when you realize need a translation of the for reference purposes
islam has been a threat to non-muslims long before wahhabi was even alive.
he's here. he's got his own list of arrestees at 2:30.
ya know if all these people are cuomo's people it is hard to believe his shoes don't have mud on them too, just sayin
my raid-1 drive has a constant red light. their resources show what flashing means but not constant for raid1. help?
we're so sorry to hear you are experiencing some issues with your drive! our team is happy to help!
yay! we'll have to hang out at some point. :) are you staying in sf itself this time?
ohhh i wanna visit him again too
going to take her to get stitches. cat bite. crazy.
yo dat ring doe!?! oh, i hope she is ok!
you my dear are completely insane. how in the world do you survive with barely 2 hrs. i can't even survive with 5-6.
i'm dying right now
and yes it was a war measure but that measure had a duality to it. a blow against the south and a civil rights act...
fully mobilized or not. what was the state of the union in war three of the civil war?
your name fits
you can thank your queen for that..her comment galvanized our party..it's over for her, so go hide in your safe space bitch!
why is this us
i'm crying this is so accurate
(1/2) was listening to an interview of bill withers last night and he said something that i found really poignant:
his doc still bill is a must watch
i'll be there in spirit!
i'll be there but rocking my antonio brown
he'll take out glen and abraham from the rumours doing the rounds. the trailers have supported this somewhat
if he takes out abraham, it would be a stupid waste. a huge fighter like that is a valuable asset.
obama's cia director says he voted for the communist party in 1980.
1980? thats not that long ago
good question! where is twitter? use it's amazing for shiny graphs about lyfe.
how does gyroscope know which osx apps you're using? looks like it pulls healthkit data
if i had ever met a person who's reason was just based on a whim or fancy, i would agree, but i haven't.
but how do you know you haven't? what's the barometer for knowing that?
great! i wont vote for him either. im not choosing your principles for you.
&amp; im notchoosing urs for u either.simply stated what mine r:my survival &amp; that of my fam, friends, fellow hbeings
he will always carry.he will always be inside of us.he will always keep us safe we're almost ready to go home
2x amen-as little children wanting only father's will-always-in all cool ideas angel:reminds me of some keys
if you do anything today, read this inspiring story by it's simply the best thing that you will see al...
thanks for your compliments and for spreading the word!
fast forward to eighth loss, i ordered 5 replacements. she's currently down to only one backup fastclix remaining...
thanks so much for the rt, &amp; please join our community if you aren't a member yet...
real question...can hot dog...peanut butter and jelly?
kinda but to me most hotdogs lack the fat content to compare to pb
i wish google maps could find me a route home from my run around the bomb threat closures
or at least the police could have a system that provided realtime updated for the road closures
my nigga u is not good... u need to go get some help bruh. we some youngins and you tryna give like 4 of my niggas...
you're lying &amp; the one they're gonna lock up is you? here in ny gay bash is taken seriously. don't drop the soap.
scented lingerie by stacy money
i need flavor ideas
q: would knowing the final theory of physical reality change your life? would it alter human culture to answer the ultimate puzzle? curious.
absolutely. we aren't close to the answer, and i don't think we will be until we learn how to use more of the brain
half of what i was expecting
we still going to mischief tho right lol
i am black, white, and a leo so this couldn't be more accurate.
ugh im so envious
several billions years in the future, but whatevs.
also, this statement screams, "look how smart i am! but my logic skills are for shit!"
panthers, nfl consider moving sunday game?
they can move it to mexico
sometimes i wish i could go back in time, find 19 year-old me, shove a book in her hand - it's dangerous out there read this
have read some of her poetry emma is sending me oryx and crake!
i do t care if he is jesus mom.no one shares in the glory
glory to the most high , in different names @ the end of the day it is to the most high . all blessings
shayne gostisbehere ... the olympian?
yes please and thank you
some wars are worth it. some wars are unavoidable. an effective diplomat always seeks the alternative solution first.
also keep in mind, no such thing as a committed voter til nov 8th. why assume people's minds can't be changed?
how did i forget happy birthday boo boo love you. miss you
thanks boo boo i miss you more and love you more!!
how is everyone enjoying the expansion? i'm loving it so far. i can't wait until the raid!
how are you leveling up? strikes?
"i hope&amp;pray that we remember" rmk calling on ldrs not to forget their ppl are why they lead in the 1st place
another hypocritical obama remark. not the guy to give others advice on human rights
i this basic idea of : - recognize + value a community practice. - work to get mainstream structures to accept it.
(that is where almost every decent idea i've had about education comes from.)
i won't be casting a protest vote. i will be writing in the only candidate who can improve our situation.
you really are an idiot
no it wasn't. reading comprehension matters.
and the emancipation wasnt war measure? is that what you're saying?
9 years ago someone pulled a gun on me once too anecdotal evidence doesnt give anyone a pass to break the law
being black shouldn't give the cops a pass to murder black people.our "tough on crimes" mentality is our ruin
i know right? i mean fine for army, whatever, but kids? pledging themselves... to the country? and "god"? talk about n. korea
there's some fairly uncool shit in the british national anthem. "rebellious scotts to crush" particularly
also being an infidel means you have no faith in the god of abraham
also islam hates anyone who does not submit to allah.
its not about "crooked cops" it's about the dehumanizing of people of color. it is never justifiable to shoot an -
if there's a weapon involved, i'd do the same damn thing. regardless of color. i'd protect my life too.
these corp shoots really do eat up storage :(
it's a good thing you are using a drive strong enough to handle the workflow!! let us know how you like it!
good. predatory recruitment, taking advantage of those who don't have the info to know better, create long-term nig...
working for a for-profit was most ethically challenging time of my professional life. i focused on supporting my students in any way i could
more technical content, less marketing please!
wait for their presentation. hopefully *some* technical content. although naturally it is hard to satisfy 100% of audience
what could be going on in that room?
sex. it's always sex.
google reneges on allo privacy feature:
gboard is one example that comes to mind.
you can preview your pdf in the app but if you want a high resolution one you would need to pay.
that's what i noticed :) not sure if i get that logic, since its my own work? i can just use indesign then?
trump's in the home stretch and he is the best deal closer!! - go trump!!!
!!!give trump a chance!!! hillary has had her chance!!!
by that i mean, i never hear "i just love how they look" it's almost always "black women are like ______" (insert stereotype)
but couldn't you argue that "i love how they look" speaks to the influence of social conditioning? playing devil's advocate
not saying i'm not happy for these guys, but this is not exactly the good news i was expecting:
happy to see cage warriors keep their rising stars, mma hour app will get more eyes on future fights. at 21 he has plenty time
this triggered me
well, your response has triggered me!
never, miss hanging out with the squad :(
we miss you more
do we know the set times for tonight?
i aint from new york bitch
but i am and they'll track that ass down and knock on your moms door and haul you in.
also keep in mind, no such thing as a committed voter til nov 8th. why assume people's minds can't be changed?
nothing gained by stigmatizing people. much lost by encouraging people to dig in their heels.
update: the beats are causing *bad* pain to the outer part of my ear to the point that i can no longer wear them. lol back to beyerdynamic.
which ones? the solos? i always found those terribly uncomfortable.
john tortorella was not a fan of phil kessel's tweet. 'it makes him look bad.'
the only one that looked bad was torts.
one day the stelters will have one
i've already asked them to do a travel show. so berkeley first then nyc
also being an infidel means you have no faith in the god of abraham
the so called god of islam is not the same as of christianity.
poll: colin kaepernick most disliked player in the nfl
no. the people who support him
still guarantees you to cash in all your 50/50's but alright bro
it's thursday wassup?
good luck 2day 2 former player + sport biz major playing 4 team israel in baseball world cup qual.
thank you!!
upchuck is having phyllis fall again. riveting.
it's quite obvious which scenes were his idea. i'm hoping we'll see the last of those within six weeks
i think stereotyping humans is counterproductive. races. sexes. religions. ages. jobs. things go wrong when peoples' humanity is discarded.
welcome to 2016, where you say such things and anticipate an angry backlash!
you are 100% correct
75 &amp; sunny on christmas headass lol
., is this what you want? this is why blm is trash.
kap is a moron and disrespects police. but santa clara pd are protecting his dumbass due to death threats.
i didnt send anybody on you i told you one on one pussy bitch
you scared and you sent little boys after my twitter. my page is lit. i haven't had this much fun in a long time
we both used charlie and a jason siegel character
i was torn between charlie and jay from clerks
the modularity in the jdk itself is a good thing. the visibility hiding will probably take a lot of time to find the right path.
0.001% of devs need hide/reload, all the rest want a lighter jvm, they are optimizing for the wrong thing
lots of people now saying "location is the new cookie." first person who said that was
i beg to differ ... been saying this for 10 years. lol
wrong again.
so allah likes those who oppose him?
it's back on?!?!
is this sarcasm!? the second season finale just aired last night!
i hope it's a great success
thank you. honestly? if everyone who attends has fun, it's the best success i could ask for.
can you be more specific?
yes i can. i'm sorry. what was the state of the union troops in war 3 of the civil war?
nothing about to go run a mile wbu
boutta drag my ass outta bed and get ready for work
yes am a nurse and full time caregiver to my mom with dementia for the last 6 yrs so i know the ropes
god bless you! tremendously difficult to do.
about 10 years ago i started a microgames collection collab with 20+ devs/artists called four second frenzy
it grew into one of the most played games on web, and later turned into an even larger collab
my show is all ages! people keep telling me someone is saying it isn't. it is. come ppl young and old
dis is on my 25th bday.
he's right.
torts watched the miracle on ice too many times
you right
what's with the eyes
we're heading toward my favorite time of year for weather-feels.
this summer has been brutal, so ready for sweater weather
i asked for facts about and i got this.
what's the matter you can't have a one on one debate...you need your friends to bail you out...wow, that's heroic..lol
just announced! mad science fair with treetops, 10/14!
love this!! can i bring my little sister (10), this is totes educational and fun right?
watch she follow chanier now smh
you know she a thot
absolutely. we aren't close to the answer, and i don't think we will be until we learn how to use more of the brain
also, toil from the industrial age has left us with a society unable to think beyond whatever has been established
give me a viable candidate who will actually change things &amp; not just be a puppet for the neoliberal agenda then i...
i, too, would like to sway you to vote, with the greatest admiration and respect!
cap hits and what they make are different
i havent updated the ps raises in a few days. thats actually why there is a discrepency
if you happen to come by our wicked lady tomorrow night after 8 p.m. you'll get to hear me spill the guts of my records collection out.
man blasting "when a man loves a woman" and otis redding from his van and man dancing to "sex machine" on the street just now bode well.
disclaimer: not in support of alt-right
it's literally
oh, so you got money?
yeah. i give clarinet lessons due to my superior musical composition and theory skills. ;)
going to go ahead and say neither? looked down cesar chavez as the 14r passed and i couldn't see anything out of the ordinary.
ah, it's the north side. by the goodwill.
happy birthday i hope you have a great day and enjoy it
thank you sweetheart
&amp; neva gets old!
okay, once again, righted . i was headed for th...
this is going to be a never ending circle of us triggering each other and frankly i feel triggered
i feel mildly turned on and that triggers me
his legs r so perfect
i know ive been googe imaging him for like 20 min
it grew into one of the most played games on web, and later turned into an even larger collab
four second firestorm was over 170 microgames with 50+ artists working together in one .swf file
even though ur a fellow democrat, the governor probably doesn't like foul mouthed spoiled children
he also doesn't like ppl saying they work for the state as an "investigator" as they troll on twitter i hear
i called in to reserve a pair of the yeezy's 350 v2 they told me u gotta reserve them thru the app..i was like aite cool
then she was like but the app is closed all the shoes are reserved
i wasn't hrc fan in primaries. i wanted sanders/warren ticket. but like bernie, i'm not risking trump presidency
but a corrupt warmonger hillary presidency is a huge risk. i can't support either of them.
nothing gained by stigmatizing people. much lost by encouraging people to dig in their heels.
like it or not, it's 1 vote per person. the system doesn't favor moral people, it does favor those who can convince others.
i bet u drop the soap yaself and lick ya own asshole
lol u see??? you want them to think i'm molesting you but you're still typing this shit to me? you little hoe bag.
and there are currently no holmtels available in holmdel.
holmdel, not to mention mattawan, would be huge market opportunities:)
it's terrible, they barely speak to you and then say your total is... i find you get better service is the busier locations
they're trash. idk who hires the new batch but a few years back t-mobile had exceptional/award winning cs.
he got like 2-3 new songs i fuck with a lot
off his new project he's dropping ? i heard kiesha
i've seen it today at image is rectangular &amp; selectable modi. companion app allows 2nd person to control cam
i'll have to get my hands on one then
you believe that there is one god. good! even the demons believe that--and shudder.
not everyone has the same 1 god my god &amp; your god might not be the same ppl
lol i gotta do this and make sure i don't take their favorite ones
my sister took all my shorts this summer
well at least you're almost off. i just started my shift
yeah 12:30 but than i start at 5:30 @ h&amp;m
i know ive been googe imaging him for like 20 min
daniela can die tho
you are right to an extent. we do not worship christ peace be upon. we worship god. god told moses have no graven images
who are you? who cites you? no one. you are just some unknown muslim who thinks he is important in the ummah. u r not.
true, but most of these people aren't diplomats. they're very hurt, tired, angry people.
if you can't be a good diplomat, get outta the embassy.
news: a new tradition is born. to wear | number to be reserved for homegrown players.
class move!!
mark cuban: donald trump "scares the s--- out of me"
- anyone who supports trump here's to you ...
when you come home i'll have a chai ready for you bby gurl
this really just made me tear up
ps i wanted him to win too. but let's be honest about it.
but there have been far worse winners so i'll take it but i just don't agree at all.
if a man has ever said to me that he doesn't date black women, questions followed. that's about it.
well that's fair then. i think generalization are hurtful in general, but if for whatever reason, a particular...
well at least you're almost off. i just started my shift
if ur board again on ur shift make me an appt for the dmv
overwatch would be nice
i hope you enjoy today's ign snapchat.
pots &amp; kettles. tyt were turned. only my boy for video news.
lee camp &amp; rt are excellent, humanist report, secular talk, lionel, sane progressive, cabin talk/claudia... new 4th estate
the 3 times it's acceptable to not stand for the national anthem: 1-you physically can't stand 2-you don't have legs 3-you're dead merica.
yea and i been seeing a lot of people without legs stand
four second firestorm was over 170 microgames with 50+ artists working together in one .swf file
the game was so large that it couldn't export on any normal computer. we had to buy a modern gaming pc just to compile the game. 18 mb.
nope. we got it right. the top 10 westerns. period. start your own show and you can come up with your own topics.
c'mon outlaw! just ball bustin. i haven't seen a western before young guns. you guys gave me a great list to start. luv top 10
i asked for facts about and i got this.
what kills me is that you actually believe what you spew...yes she's an angel...shall we start with whitewater?
interesting choice of words to describe glenn, unpopular opinion- i can't stand glenn and hope he's the one to die
but the group undoubtedly loves glenn and he's one of their leaders. he does have a lot of fans, too. but i think it'll be him
people of los angeles. is it possible to have a beer and a cigarette at the same time in this city? or do i need to buy a house?
i probably should've asked on your behalf. i was there only last week.
i feel like i'm missing a trick every time i see people complaining about promises. to me, it was absolutely life-changing.
i'm with you there. yes you have to remember to catch errors but that's the only downside - they make js so much better.
on the imac, i right click image.png and select copy. on the iphone, i tap and hold in messages and select paste.
you should name your images better.
only weird attempts to win one over with a shit pic of a shit youtuber.. must be borderline retarded....
i remember a couple accounts lie that. muslim troll with nothing of any substance to say.
if a man has ever said to me that he doesn't date black women, questions followed. that's about it.
... type of person isn't someone's tastes for whatever reason, then for me it's like, ok good luck with what you're into.
i was crying. that's what you get for stalking exs on fb.
how long ago are we talking about?
all hanna and joey and i keep saying is how much fun youre gonna have winking at girls
lmao that's between us shhhh
you strategically sub categorize all your apps too? i thought i was the only one
gift and a curse. every now and then i run into an app that doesn't fit anywhere lol
protesters racially attack two white sisters roles reversed, this would be a national news story
stockton is a typical economically deprived city that needs jobs &amp; edu reformprotests
omfg get out hahahaha
never let the typos die
one of the things i am most looking forward to about entering into my 30s is loosening up and using fonts that are not medium sans-serifs
was just thinking about using a script font. am i wild or what!
interesting choice of words to describe glenn, unpopular opinion- i can't stand glenn and hope he's the one to die
part of me thought kirkman wouldn't do it because it's him in the comics, but picking him now has its own curve ball effect.
when do you see ??
tomorrow!!!!
the game battleship makes more sense now.
to the contrary, the reason battleship is because the ships introduced during ww1 could shoot over the horizon
this! it is a very serious and inquisitive question....what else is happening to black people? where shall we start...
. since slavery r country systematically disrespects disparage, demeans, discriminates &amp; treats blk ppl unfairly
unarmed teenager. nor beat one...
i agree 100%. however, the reaction from the blm was definitely not a step in the right direction.
both the amd rx series and the nvidia gtx 10 series of gpus support hdr.
thats cool and hope it comes soon. want to see it in 4k for sure too.
with all these police shootings we need a voice like white supremacy ken!
thats right!
how long are you in nyc?
leaving tomorrow
asking stupid ppl who blindly follow trump (who wouldn't know the truth if it slapped him) is a waste of time.
lol..that's all you have..insults..lame..move along...this doesn't concern you...
if you can't be a good diplomat, get outta the embassy.
"i'm not abusing my kids, just too tired to teach them good behavior effectively, so i smack them instead." no!
$10 card boutta beat though
im a broke boy i gotta save that for when i'm down
the main turning point in the war was gettysburg. there were no blacks troops during this battle.
stop switching the goal post. can you answer that question or not?
hello friends. the television show i've been working on premieres tonight on fox at 9:00. i am v proud to be involv...
can't wait, my daughter used to play baseball so this could be "our" show
lmaoo wth you guys are fucking jokes
some would call me "ignorant" but fuck em
perhaps you could interrogate that if the writing was any good.
the fact that you get to see white supremacy as a "political movement" is a huge privilege wow
do u find the show somewhat insulting?
i find it sad that "groundbreaking" for women in sports has to come in the form of an absolute unrealistic premise.
those joggers are
buy from me bro!!! you'll get it in november
god only gave humans free will according to almighty canon. maybe the third movie will clear this up
can't wait for "dog almighty"
i can pull up old testament verses the condone incest &amp; genocide
typical muslim drone. nothing you point to excuses islam. understood?
, the "", wants to institute the unconstitutional , which allowed for...
- one thing about rump, he has no policies. he just flaps and flaps on anything ... he needs to go back home for good
because i love ya. here. laugh.
nigga posted this everywhere smh
yep. i got 4 days till college just no lifing 2k till then for the most part lol. then i might start working
how old are you
so, my patronus is a dolphin! tbh does not seem fitting for me, but fun nonetheless!
omg yay!! i love it!
and i will vote if one day there is a candidate who encompasses everything i believe, not just one who i might agre...
&amp; probably other things on the ballot that could use a whipsmart conscious person like yourself on! thus ends my harassment :p
unarmed teenager. nor beat one...
the attention that everyone is getting is negative. you can't expect positive results from negative actions.
what's up brotha
i need your number brother
actually, this is a shoe for lazy people who hate laces. i should buy them!
wait for the next model. they will go the gym for you.
"tulsa police say they found pcp in his car" time-traveler police spokesman says the confiscated pcp has an estimated street value of $0.
. icymi and don't get it.....you cannot buy pcp no matter how much $$$ you do or don't have.
oh god... now it's gonna get to her head... i'm gonna spend the rest of my career in the shadow of my college roommate :,(
small person, medium corporation, big head. (joking)
highest fwars by hitters in history... 1. wright - 53.3 2. strawberry - 35.5 3. reyes - 31.8 4. beltran - 29.4 5. alfonzo - 29.0
man wright was such an all-around star.
let's add we* is actually *white straight men
you're 100000% right
65% death tax? unreal. hillary clinton thinks the gov't should get more than half of anyone's estate?
keep this up, mitch mcconnell &amp; harry reid will join the t.e.a. party
taking to 'painting with a twist' on saturday for her birthday. the expectations for a good painting from me have to be low.
i went a few years ago and it's actually pretty fun! bring two bottles of wine and have fun y'all
i've still got a grin on my face from having just read it.
have you read the sequel? possibly funnier
beligas? your dick?
you caught my joke
and since the writers decided to write in what i describe now as "the dumpster fiasco" i think glenn should be the one to die
oh definitely. that cheap parlor trick was the low point of the show.
this t-shirt, proceeds from which will benefit the , is on sale now. go to...
any idea we can find out the material used for the shirt? can't see it in the link.
it's apparently a rare one (had to answer three extra questions) and i'm like i'll take it. it's kinda badass.
it's super badass! :)
you can use id to make your own pdf if you wish!
i'm unfamiliar with that how do i do that? thanks!
ziti. that's clever.
what was the other word.
dude this is still going lmao wtf leave him alone u fuckin look 40 years old and you chasin after an 18 year old
1st off i'm not 40. secondly felicia, you're not on any level to speak to me. and last you look like a used brillo pad shut up.
but realistically, men who refuse to date a specific race have an assumption behind it and i think you know that.
you're right i think mostly. but what about those who just aren't physically attracted, not due to stereotypes?
listen to frank frizalone sings "got a lot of living to do" with bill gulino by william gulino on
sounds fab dear friar bro frank! you make my heart melt:-)) your fan also known as "the kid" good luck w show on fri.
oh, your grandfather was killed by my shit cult that i defend daily? here, have a pic of taqqiya-karim....
yea, but he said he is not lying. so it must be true. lol
thanks for listening and kind words. i wish i could order some pie!
you can ! just direct message us and tell us where to send one :-) :-) would love to!
clinton proxies full blown russophobic even with little hammers and sickles. i despise trump but i despise this too.
the degree to which us discourse has appropriated the "foreign agent" and fifth column rhetoric, i almost cannot believe it
that was brandon
tell that dayroom ass nigga to eat a cock
i can't do it. i've been hurt before.
!!! needs to know even more.
fine but if we go second we get two kitchen islands
i've seen that ep w 2 kitchen islands. it's a great one.
i was a cute kid
this photo is from last week right
you real af for not saying who in your tweet
lmao i didn't wanna be the headass that i was talking about in my tweet
that's right! i was loved by tens of people! my mom told me i sounded great!
cant forget dubbed mayor of the real cwc
can't wait 2 hear about it!! started pt wed.,more exercises 2 do
that's great!! hope you're better soon!!
i went a few years ago and it's actually pretty fun! bring two bottles of wine and have fun y'all
also they gave a template to basically just paint within the lines so you'll be alright
people on literary twitter either really don't care about the brangelina divorce, or they're hiding their feelings very well.
people grieve in different ways,
so glad to see seattle pull that one out last week. the should have moonwalked right through pike place
he said "pull that one out"
discovery: ibooks keeps a navigation history, so if you're following from one citation to another in a book you can...
what are you reading that has this many pages and footnotes?
donald trump is really good at spending other people's money-on: legal settlements. payoffs. portraits of himself.
his entire life is a scam and con
thank you so much for calling us this morning!!!!
will i b on the air
nike's new shoe magically adapts to your foot
will shoes go get me a pizza?
i don't think i will use it because it's so clearly a joke. just a super clear attempt at a joke.
i sent u some funny stuff check it out
ah now we back peddle.
no, just stating the truth. attempt to deceive fails.
i woke up this morning with no service. checked my account &amp; it's not past due. not cool t-mobile. with all that's going on
back in my hometown of charlotte, i need to be in communication.
you come to me..id prefer not to show up at a 38 year olds house alone
28 and don't worry. it'll be out doors. i heard you young niggas stealing shit.
all three of them lame as hell. the one who said that we don't like him because he's not a pastor what?!
it's like so many women in church. i doubt that's the only -reason- he gets no play
mention fact only time trump took side of victim of cop shooting, cop was a woman
whenever himself &amp; says , he's . ...
the game battleship makes more sense now.
specifically there was really only one big battle that looked like what the board game shows, the battle of the jutland
bro... we know you aren't excited about voting for a dying elderly racist woman. it's not too late to get on board. lol
lmao i'm leaning green. i'm damn sure not voting for an elderly racist orange man that's been accused of c...
which ones? the solos? i always found those terribly uncomfortable.
yeah the solos. death.
professional responsibilities varies vastly with each position.
i understand--reviews are hard to write and time consuming!
ah now we back peddle.
i did not bring up the ot. so i was not back peddling.
im going on purpose tour tomorrow and saturday im gonna cey so much im already crying now the day before the show even started
your going to love it
the cover to my new bedroom pop album called i am in my bedroom and i am making an album no capital letters
turn up that reverb
pot+appearance of authenticity +outsider=everything to that voter
you forgot white and male
i can't do it. i've been hurt before.
dammit, i forgot my login, nooooo.
man, i feel super let down by . if i had gotten my correct order on time, i wouldn't have just ruined a $700 phone. :-(
oh no! :( i hope mine gets here soon. i don't want that to happen. sorry that happened. :(
lol i love the fall but the fall isn't just about spice lattes.girls since last week of august wildin' with lattes.
lmao oh nah nah nah thats just about 1% of it.
sorry your commute was inconvenienced while saves lives
because every single employee is an officer at the scene? isn't providing information to the public part of their mission?
i teach you how to know the election has already been decided:
what if you're wrong? will you self-examine your own faulty analysis?
ah np can you play either today around 9:30-10 or tomorrow any time? we can even play now if you want
i could play in 30
recipe came across my , had all ingredients, so i made marion cunningham's ginger muffins. ...
they look great!
i wasn't the one that accepted the bet. now that's stupid...i pray fitz throws for 375+ this season
1 last year ....1 already this year... it's coming friends
my daughter is only 7 and already fearful she will be teased for bringing her bible. please pray for my wisdom &amp; for her courage.
don't let her bring it to school the common core infiltrated by muslims careful.
i'm at the linkedin event taking sneaky pics of weiner!
when talking about weiners.
" that jada &amp; will love "
this is a very nice
trump's minions seems like brainwashed and that only proves the weakness of their personalities.
bwahahahaha...you mad it's over on nov. 8th or nah...insults only show your lack of intelligence...
live caller asks if initial statements by police after controversial shootings are ever truthful: via
ask mark fuhrman
i won't be working today. i need to figure out what my patronus is and how to describe myself in 3 fictional characters.
i got a grass snake. that was unexpected.
. wish i could have made his talk. darn. this is something we're talking about more and more .
did anyone record brown's talk? would love to see it.
carson palmer ? "that was the trade of century."
as a cards fan, so grateful for him. don't want to return to the max hall/john skelton/ryan lindley/leinart carousel
sure, but the policy purity/motivation of sanders voters was always overrated. was about sticking it to the establishment
and being white and male
in most cases that is not true. in fact in many cases these men had their hands up, some even yelling not to shoot...
since 2014, over 2,000 people (of all races) have been killed by police. i doubt the majority were complying.
idk why i've been thinking about dev interviews so much lately. literally haven't sat through one in years.
sat through one on either side? like have you given some?
one gun isn't worth 30 bucks and not everyone raids and a raid isn't worth 30 either
i was joking but personally don't mind. i enjoy d game &amp; i realize it's the end of d road till 2
sigh... head hurts from trying to calculate compound horizontal curves. so. many. maths.... :p
trying to track birds?
bitch you better record or i'm unfollowing your fucking ass let's be clear on that !
i'm already freeing up some space on my phone fjfnnf
that's why i didn't disagree that all things could arguably be the result of conditioning including music, dress, etc.
because my thing is i can't get on board with ppl being forced to be attracted to what they're not because society says so
what if you really believed today ...that god is sov, good, all-wise, kind &amp; tenderhearted, and 100% for you and with you?
interestingly we are all guilty of to some degree. what would it look like for sure!
except character. some decide everything else is noise.
and being white and male
thankfully it was just my opinion! thanks for listening regardless.
for what it's worth years ago good tutorials and resources kinda sucked. today we have awesome ways to learn this stuff.
but it doesn't bother you that what happened in tulsa there still is no justice served?? she's on paid leave..
were you there? no you weren't, officers have to make a decision in a split second deciding whether they live or die
finally flying to switzerland next week any recommendations in genf?
lausanne, short train ride and 100x better than geneva
lek a virgin ... tehee!
when a problem comes along / you must pig it
sure, me too. but it's not news you hype up really. teasing news like that just makes it a disappointment.
promotes cafe warriors on a new platform to a new audience. i get your point, it'll do more good than harm though
my patronus is a shrew. a shrew. are you kidding me?!?!
wait what the frig is a shrew
some bernie supporters backing libertarian gary johnson's potus bid have no clue what he supports. a surprising lis...
he is just as clueless as they are.
how? they've won nothing
except the nfc west and a first round bye. they won't from garbage to elite?
shut yo ass up and get sum money to pay for more fake gucci to stunt on teenage boys lmfao
fake? never
. on : sidney the spider building egg sack!
yuck, they bite
"medicine is losing its humanity...&amp; buckling under the weight of massive ill-designed electronic info systems"
ironically an intelligent machine is probably the solution.
if you looked at the race schedules of horses back in the so-called "glory days", you would've had a heart attack.
and you are correct. it still doesn't make it right. we are breaking them down at an incredible rate &amp; nobody bats an eyelash.
call of duty 3 is coming to xbox one backward compatibility today
here come the tony hawk wannabes crying about skate 3
just too many emotions
same mood with grey's anatomy
but it doesn't bother you that what happened in tulsa there still is no justice served?? she's on paid leave..
you're right nothing has been done yet because they're still investigating.
new data: trump's racism has lead jewish donors to abandon the gop.
trumps racism and normalizing if bigotry should have all decent americans abandoning the gop
wait what the frig is a shrew
they're good finders!!!!
oracle's cloudy future building for the middle won't win the cloud; flexibility and focus matter
nice. minor.. moore's law formulation is 1965 not 1975
i tend to be more political and share videos of that sort. lol
lol why is that do you think?
facebook please stop reminding me i was this way at 14.
this is art
imgonna dieee i got diamond and pit tickets im so close to justinf djdbdbdvdjruggkj jo d
what seats are you in for tomorrow
agreed. they need something distinctive to advertise. with rumors of a higher price this year, they might actually have something.
how price without features a differentiator tho?
i used that line (and its cousin "what does the rule say?") much at my last playtest night.
people hate reading. it's why board games are a niche.
enjoy!!!! she is unbelievable. your jaw will be on the ground the entire time.
i know nothing about this show lol. i usually check out set list &amp; yt videos but i haven't for this show. i want to be surprised
well you can go on believing mighty prophets of god committed incest &amp; were drunks.
was this where you convinced me to become a muslim? i am not religious, and would be embarrassed to be a muslim.
my closest friend was shot at the other night. they missed but that was enough.
hay that's a close call!
and the embargo lifts. donald trump is firmly under foreign ownership and control. defend him, and that suspicion m...
won't matter to his followers. they will it as positive meaning he's making $ off russia.
can we help you find a particular size or style?
, would be great but probably ordering lots of different sizes/styles needed to find what im looking for. suggestions welcomed.
i know right? may be worth having fallout shelter just for that.
i lurve fallout shelter! i did have to stop playing though. i was a woman obsessed
maybe it was never about issues for these guys. they just wanted someone "different"
different from hillary and obama, but not different from them - white men
portia mus feel some kinda way fi know sey is a young man come
psm was always supportive of the ratification could happen due to critical legal work done over past few yrs!
well done! so well deserved :-)
argh! i can't really believe it! thanks so much sara!! :d
surviving yet another certain death scenario was ridiculous and actually bordered on insulting to the audience
oh, i agree, but most viewers were angry at the show, not glenn.
reunited
father son bonding
yeah, and freelancing in general, i'm finding...like the people who want logos for $20.
yeah. those kinds of clients are rarely worth your time (unless they just need more info about real prices).
promotes cafe warriors on a new platform to a new audience. i get your point, it'll do more good than harm though
cafe warriors! pat cummins p4p no.1!
lmao thanks for the tip. i thought you said she was good! shes nice she just throws mad assignments at you at one time
she's good as in she's intelligent &amp; nice but it does require effort. you'll be fine if you do the work, she's a good grader
ok seriously tho is a disease
im critically ill and suffering from infectious zaulie euthanize me
obama created racism in 2008, yep. just by being elected. he was all "and let racism be born."
it's surprising, i think, that anyone could actually exist in this reality and be able to say that nonsense out loud and mean it.
but if they're experiences just so happens to align with stereotypes, how is that wrong?
it's not but don't let that be what you put out for the masses to gobble up as a default for black women.
i would love to hear the top 3 things you do when you're discouraged to regain god's perspective and get your joy back-it's a battle today.
1) get out in nature 2.) read the bible 3.) talk it out with a friend returns every time &lt;3
does anybody want to watch the sunrise in a few hours and hold my hand but like in a platonic way thx
the sunrise was ugly and nobody came!! y'all some fakes the sunrise is fake
vegan popovers have risen slightly. 15 more minutes of baking. i am skeptical but live in hope.
i also live in hope. i'll have a vegan popover please
i've watched the episode, they're all weirdos anyway.
lolol did they change their stance
well you can go on believing mighty prophets of god committed incest &amp; were drunks.
islam allows incest. you support it, not me.
stuck on muni because of a "bomb threat" nearby. could be worse, i have a seat, two phones fully charged &amp; a backlog of articles to read.
muni rerouted. no idea where we are. still have seat, down 10% battery.
a donald trump campaign chair in ohio says there was 'no racism' before obama.
why, because having a black president forced people to admit they hated black people?
the banks have nowhere to go but up. look at $cs and $db, acting like recently-ipo'd tech stocks lol
liesman wants everyone to forget his stanley fischer interview after jackson hole - as all shorts were
i met former president clinton and he can make you think you are the oy person he cares about
he's a natural politician - well was in his prime. she's not. that's fine but it's a problem
true that. ugh.
: "racism is a mistake that can be corrected. sexism is forever. it's deep-seated."
chris brown new joint.
he really knows how to pick them... lordt
are you angry that obama and allowed terrorist nation saudi arabia to buy massive amounts of farmland in the u.s.?
yea and the russians got uranium and all embassy jobs had price tags. we were screwed by these mobsters.
i'm going to take you guys on this!!! my liver won't know what hit it
nor your asshole. ask poor martin.
there is a petition on demanding trump to reveal taxes! join!
dirty donald show us your taxes what do you have to lose
i would agree. but wouldnt you be frustrated if your father, brother, son, friend was killed because of their skin?
yes absolutely, that's why i support the movement. it still lacks leadership and we're not making progress.
we have to understand that justice equality and freedom are inconsistent with the principles and actions of this country
that and capitalism work together to prevent us from being free and liberated as a group of people
not uhh stay thick it's the best
i love being thick, but sometimes i feel like life would be easier being skinny.
how are u bb?
i'm good b, just trying not to fall asleep at work. how uuuu?
the degree to which us discourse has appropriated the "foreign agent" and fifth column rhetoric, i almost cannot believe it
. this is intellectual regression down into a completely juvenile mindset. we used to be merely poorly informed...
donald trump is really good at spending other people's money-on: legal settlements. payoffs. portraits of himself.
i'm questioning your temperament?
where is the streaming video for the community keynote? its not painfully obvious on the javaone landing page.
sorry, no live streaming. but it will be available on demand later
massive congratulations to you !
honestly can't believe it - i'm kind of just staring at the announcement! thank you so much! :)
obama created racism in 2008, yep. just by being elected. he was all "and let racism be born."
like, that's a brand new level of ignorance.
. poll: donald trump deemed more trustworthy than hillary clinton via
way to bury the lead there msnbc
is that the mjo state or reflective of the background response to the nino decaying?
. it's both, which can clearly been seen when you partition the flow into low/high freq...
it just shows 12 comments, the newest one being from one month ago.
you tried this specific link? - it gets me right to my comment
i didn't mean to lecture or 'go after', just note why weekend work might be bad. sorry, both.
no worries, it's just frustrating when it's a message we both work really hard at :)
yeah sorry sah but definitely ralphs
my supporters
did you guys hear draghi explicitly mention eu has too many banks though? lolation nation
he is from goldman. lol
im relocating out here asap. gotta sell all my stuff and find some place to stay.
you can move in with me...... if you want to pay "cuddle rent"
don't fall for the "vote 4 stein = vote 4 drumpf" silencing pr to suffocate us into powerless. ...
think now really because hrc=trump, in how long they've been friends &amp; in the $$ trail!
&amp; i mean "creative" in sense that management wanted a certain skillset from their players.
kessel's skill set is better than palmieri's. i don't think you can argue that
actually told me he saw steven in gainesville recently.
it's true. he waited in line at the uf bookstore to get steve spurrier to autograph spurrier's new book.
is the java community keynote being live streamed? ??
sorry, no live streaming. but it will be available on demand later
nah i'm no leader. nor is there one.
don't be modest rick, you put in the work
we're live! pluggedin radio power up your blog day. watch --&amp;gt;
i am not seeing/hearing anything
the most powerful artwork i have ever seen by &gt;
fascinating that the 3-d modeling of the beast is pretty good. you can almost plot one-point perspective.
thanks queen, i always appreciate the love! patiently waiting for your project hopefully on the way soon lol
yess, very soon...dropping a little something just for fun in the next 2-3 wks &amp; a few other things cookin in the background
its lit but lpfj2 is more lit
oh of course
you should be at the stadium with the rest of us!
ha ha! you have fun now! i have an apartment to pack up!
it stems from frustration with systematic racism in our society.
it's been gone about in all of the wrong ways. i wouldn't join in on a protest for the sole fact that i'd fear
thank you brother.
just being honest due. ya'll my homies.
at this point the fact that we haven't made an investment in a startup mattress company makes me in the minority for a consumer focused fund
hot take of the week
larry's dumb for not proposing
i wanna see what happens in the season final
i don't fully recall what i said, but i don't remember it being absolutist. i probably just meant that hands on=faster learning.
iirc you said it couldn't be taught you have to just do it. so i could see taking thag every way then
on this day in '79, was at on both the single and album charts with "cars" &amp; "the pleasure principle."
. one the most historic albums of all time.
"the folly of the protest vote?" my opinion is unpopular clinton supporters are largely missing the forest for the...
rather than declare war on engaged voters, reach out to the unengaged. that is a harder task to find them.
for the second year on the trot an student has won the scor student of the year award. take a bow you deserved it.
can't believe it!!! wouldn't have got here if it wasn't for you guys.thank you so much rob for all your help
and they continue to make sketchy decisions. well rather stuff that looks questionable
it's arrogance. after capitulated why wouldn't she think anything goes?
if you still need tips on how to do that, you can contact our direct support agents here:
got it. the pdf previews are super low res and i cannot use them to share with friends to get feedback.
voting for an independent is not a protest,it's honesty. voting for someone you don't want as president is selling your soul
well you must not be able 2 c that u being honest is helping elect d- do u want him?just don't vote at all then
bye bye it's been fun. it's time to return to my native and more tropical climate in chicago.
safe travels, and see you at the next one!
and then this tweet is also incorrect. you're 0/2. please feel free to keep playing this losing game.
boy, i sure can't wait to post this meme so i can publicly confirm that i am an idiot.
ive only been in a racist encounter once in my whole life by a white lady who thought i was following her. like that shit is not cool.
its not fair that you think negatively of me because of my skin. something i can't help.
understood,but i do think people are responsible for breaking down what they are attracted to and why,be it race, temperament
how does one break it out without generalizing tho? it can't just be "i like this, i don't like that"?
tbh i couldn't even tell the difference for a few seconds omg
i should just do it
what are you reading that has this many pages and footnotes?
yudkowsky's "rationality: from ai to zombies". huge collection of essays-a bit dense, but a great read.
after having to use it in the run up to hospice i heard nothing but bad things on it
is it meant to be easier to digest than actual food for someone at end of life?
people see what they want to see!
definitely :)
i've turned into one of those fitness people who just wants to wear compression leggings all day. i don't. but i want to.
don't resist
yes, but what's in it for them?
if a label made it easier for you to listen to their music, you're going to show some loyalty to that label. cost=zip.
uh...the hair is going where exactly?
that's what i was wondering...
if you want to see the scariest/disturbing/horror pictures make sure to follow us
pic : h. h. holmes, america's 1st ever recorded serial killer. : was based of cambodian immigrants in california.
i discovered my patronus is an osprey on j.k. rowling's . find yours:
having grown up in southern maryland, i respect ospreys because they will fuck up a bald eagle.
1/2 i just fear the narratives are so locked in, the drumpfers can't even see the hypocrisy &amp; blatant
all true, they'll never change. but there's not enough drumpsters, and the moderates will leave him!
i'm still somewhat convinced they can be a net positive due to driving down private ownership, but...
exposing folks to marginal cost per car trip is good. having a zillion terrible suburban drivers on sf street is bad
why would you buy 10 slices of cheese when you get a full block for cheaper?
because people are lazy and would rather get something done quick and for them then save money... point and case elo boosters
now, but am really sick of some supporters acting like had no right to challenge her 4 nomination.
bernie had every right to challenge but the nomination is over lets get the election won
love this campaign. don't be lazy, take of your backpack, make room for everyone else.
ha, yes! however, i think people just don't think about. i had no idea until i saw the ad.
what did you think of the finale?????
nicole deserved to win. paul is an idiot. his only saving grace is maybe he didn't think the jury would support nicole so much.
well i guess when jesus christ peace be upon returns he will inform us who is right.
islam has a false version of jesus. you are going to hell.
happy start of indian cricket season! (according to facebook)
i got the same notification! odd
traffic growth and spikes are not valid reasons to over-deploy resources. your architecture should be able to grow/shrink as needed.
should, sure. but we have other things to do.
if you still need tips on how to do that, you can contact our direct support agents here:
it's really weird that i have to pay $5 to download a high res pdf of my own work i'm really surprised tbh
today's game day, let's get it boys
thanks for not tagging me real cool
*later that day*
i'm going to turn into an overrated sitcom?
ape man get out of jail? never saw an update.
yea with a order of protection from supreme
congratulations on winning yorkshire and north trent award for student radiographer of the year 2016. great nomination
thank you so much karen! honestly in disbelief atm. humbled by such an award/honour!
that won't be good at all, but they currently go for mid-range prices and don't offer anything really unique.
premium quality?? at least with the 6p
poll for who you'd like more backstory on. ressler is the obvious choice ;)
i want to see more on mr kaplan. that should be an interesting tale.
that was in may.
i just now catching up
have to win something important
trade of the century is an overstatement but i think you're forgetting how much of a 180 the cards have done witharians/palmer
(sometimes with reasons unknown) has quite frequently had safe haven qualities.
moving pretty well with sovereign bond yields as well.
...these tea instagrams don't need it?
i feel like it's because the endorsers don't get paid, they just get sent free tea. i could be wrong though
listen up u stupid bitch don't fucking come for me ok call me a fucking brillo pad because i look a fucking cute one hunty
no you look like the one i used to scrub my pots with. they were pretty greasy much like your face. and i didn't come for you.
we don't segment in sm but on the content front we geo target to ensure relevancy.
thanks. are you guys on wechat, or otherwise creating native chinese content (web, blog, video, etc)?
polls in twitter, google+, or surveymonkey aren't where we make decisions with friends. messenger is a natural home
9 years after the launch of facebook's original polls feature, it puts it where we actually plan -- chat
you got a heart?
lmao yeah i do, i couldve kept it moving. i almost ran him over too smh
all mi haffi sey is big up yuself yaw andrew. tings nuh perfect, but yaw try a ting
ratification 6mths into new administration clearly result of work done b4 + commitment.of holness too wins!
hm it might be worth trying to remove and re-add the adding? did you change your password recently?
seems to be working now. very odd. thanks if you did something on the backend!
if photography is art, then is sports photography art? (would appreciate reply responses as to why/why not)
i ask because it seems that sports photography (in the eyes of some clubs / leagues) is 100000000% not thought to be art. no question.
interesting. i like the concept. i do have major hangups about putting shoes on couches though.
"high performance relaxation"
you call an &amp; driver is 7 minutes away. he gets lost ur still waiting after 20 minutes. when u try to cancel uber charges you.
happens all the time to me i mark them as they didn't pick me up and file a complaint. almost always get my money back.
if u claim to be this massive u2 fan, but stop being so because of their political activism, may i suggest u actually are not a fan at all?
never met anyone at a gig who rolled their eyes when asked to sign a one petition or said they like the music not the lyrics
i'm finding that people don't look at examples when they have specific questions covered in the examples ...
about 5 years ago working on a mobile game, i did a short tutorial test. the levels i designed taught one thing.
def a fun-to-watch finale
for sure and i stayed off twitter and didn't ruin it for myself so i was on the edge of my... bed lol
what color iphone 7 should i get
i guess my mom chose gold for me lol
giving a high-five this talented triumverate &gt;&gt;&gt;
thank you, have a great day :-)
if you ain't matchmaking your single friends.... are you really being a good friend?
lmao.. i introduced my friend to her husband .. i'm an amazing friend
2/2 lack of substance, intelligence &amp; humanity of their pick. clinton has to get out the vote.
i'm so damn impatient!! agree wholeheartedly!!!!
when you look back and think about the time you argued with teenagers for hours
when you think of how little boys and girls tried to jump me over the internet and then laughed after you smoked that blunt.
i'm finding that people don't look at examples when they have specific questions covered in the examples ...
each level would be built around a single mechanism. and at the start, a modal would appear with 6 words.
brother of man killed by charlotte police: 'all white people are devils!'
well only some us
all i have right now is this.
got that dec 2016 tier
noah syndergaard has thrown 1024 pitches 98 mph+ this season... since 2008 the twins, brewers, &amp; d-backs have combined to throw 710.
not impressed with mph... impressed with actually keeping arms healthy .... what keith would call a " finesse"pitcher
so jealz, still crying over last year's cuz +
at least as far as my "performance" was concerned u totes didn't miss anything
yeah ard don't fake on twitter you know who in charge
aren't you the little cousin lol oh ard
when you talk about norman vs. beckham from last year, remember the td beckham dropped after torching norman on the...
i do! these drops are becoming a big part of odb's game.
one incident life is too many to be taken by a police. and we all know it's way more than that.
sure, no innocent person's life deserves to be taken. by anyone, police or not.
it is actually getting scary out there...
it's through the roof brother, this is crazy. we need some level headed people of all races to start being leaders now.
i'm actually crying at episode 5 of bake off because val's talking about 'stirring love' into cakes what is this show i'm a mess
remember to stir love into the batter of your and next baking video
not at all. i'm too busy trying to become religious.
you are part of a cult of hatred and perversion.
i ask because it seems that sports photography (in the eyes of some clubs / leagues) is 100000000% not thought to be art. no question.
it's treated by many as simply a visual component of a club's content plan, nothing more. many live and die on actions shots alone.
i've been learning everything i can when there's time between 2 jobs and working on my house. if i can, others can too
any statement that categorically says "if i can do it, everyone else can too" is going to be wrong and probably harmful :)
life goals: have someone describe some of my photos as "mr-robot-esque".
i can help with this. i've been admiring all season. literally just do the opposite of normal framing and...
i'm going to pin this at the top of my page forever. when people ask how we fix police brutality, use this.
lol. peaceful protestors ripping an atm out.
awesome!!! way to go texas!!! texas stands up to barack odumbass!! i love texas!!!
if only the rest of the states were more like texas!
i feel you, shy
i just wanna save money.... and these selfish, no good professors won't let me.
wow college really doesn't waste time. 2 hr class but no questions during the quiz review? out in 27 minutes. bed, here i come baby
best thing to hear: "that's all i have today see ya later"
i'm finding that people don't look at examples when they have specific questions covered in the examples ...
an example would be: "avoid the bombs." literally that simple. as i watched, the woman ran into a bomb.
what did she get!!
a celtic symbol for family with mine and riley birthstones like incorporated in on the back of her neck
enough of the shameless partisanship, senators. and fill the supreme court vacancy.
my question to u &amp; all americans (including the patriots) why aren't they outraged with the gop senate for not doing their job
nicole deserved to win. paul is an idiot. his only saving grace is maybe he didn't think the jury would support nicole so much.
the fact that nicole set herself up for paul to take her to final 2 despite her being a threat is the ultimate proof that she was the best.
haha well someone also claimed "most people are uncomfortable with race mixing" so that was something.
if anyone ever had a problem w it, i'm afraid, they were black, and i was protected from knowing by the girls.
anyone know if the () community keynote is being broadcast on the web? if so, where?
other days they were broadcasted in youtube channel
if you still need tips on how to do that, you can contact our direct support agents here:
not really supporting independent writers and artists if u ask them $5 for something thats free and needed to multiple times
i think a small group of friends should pick the "3 fictional characters" because honestly some i've seen are delusional af.
alternate option: is in charge of 75% of them
not really supporting independent writers and artists if u ask them $5 for something thats free and needed to multiple times
in the creation process
left to my own devices i probably would rarely listen to music
i go through periods of not listening. i stopped for a while bc everything made me cry.
i'm finding that people don't look at examples when they have specific questions covered in the examples ...
she said to me: "i wish you told me in a message to avoid the bombs." i just stared, dumbstruck.
kick &amp; beat a white homeless man. these people are sick. blm are terrorists. ...
these r hillary's voters
a celtic symbol for family with mine and riley birthstones like incorporated in on the back of her neck
its cool aff honestly and she loves it
highly recommend having a birthday cake pop first thing in the morning. breakfast of champions -- and 10-year-old-girls.
i'm copying
i did. you've been on a handful of times. doesn't make you one bit the expert. please hashtag appropriately.
a handful of times? keep counting. i've got 1,000+. take care.
why young people don't buy cars and apartments anymore via @
don't need to read article to know just need to see my bank balance
i've been learning everything i can when there's time between 2 jobs and working on my house. if i can, others can too
good for you though! learning is nice
jersey win an authentic uniform. 1. follow us 2. like/rt &amp; tag 5 friends 3. jersey size...
ahhhh pls pls pls
drinking the koolaid again! wtf is wrong with people
yep,supporting the most corrupt poltician in history,awesome
it's treated by many as simply a visual component of a club's content plan, nothing more. many live and die on actions shots alone.
however, there's many individuals (and some clubs/leagues) that great sports photography as more that just cheap actions shots.
maybe but not for my belief in the son of mary
maybe? definitely. also mohammad stole from other religions.
that and capitalism work together to prevent us from being free and liberated as a group of people
it's only passion is maximum profit and absolute power
"the folly of the protest vote?" my opinion is unpopular clinton supporters are largely missing the forest for the...
let them the single digits go. 30-40% of voters will skip voting entirely.
wait, i said noooo cause i dont want u gone i think i read that wrong :s
i was kidding around. the link is real, though.
good to see the one true faith is being represented
will love this
that's a shame. because poc fear their lives &amp; still fight for their rights. we should be able to do the same for them
yes, but what is to stop the protestors from attacking any white person out of frustration? like in charlotte.
future &amp; drake is like the rock &amp; sock connection. dope team in dosages but can't stretch a healthy tag title run....
i'm just tired of collabs &amp; wave riding tbh.
brother of man killed by charlotte police: 'all white people are devils!'
if you respect the badge .. no one would have any issues
learning how hedgerows and vineyards create a beautiful ag landscape for wildlife and wine lovers alike
wildlife? that's a stretch.
wrong link, perhaps? can't find anything about .
ignore that tweet! here's the link:
you must be ecstatic right now, you make all your money off of the suffering of black people
is sad this guy's helping no 1 w/reality solutions or heart/mind of any1 i'm ok w/debate but law &amp; order 4all
just so you know
thx 4 the reminder ": just so you know
is anyone else seeing the number of reviews in gmb differing from the actual number of reviews? is it a bug?
i have seen this too. some of the listings i saw a couple days ago that were off seem have to corrected.
that's a shame. because poc fear their lives &amp; still fight for their rights. we should be able to do the same for them
it's gaining publicity in all the wrong ways.
brother of man killed by charlotte police: 'all white people are devils!'
the encouraged racism in the black community continues to grow every year, they keep themselves purposely ignorant just to fit in
however, there's many individuals (and some clubs/leagues) that great sports photography as more that just cheap actions shots.
there really doesn't seem to be an industry standard on this topic, which i find insanely interesting.
so beautiful.
honored to be working with you guys- the system changed the way i approach photography for the better
our condolences to the family and wingmen of lt col ira s. eadie. thank you for answering your nation's call.
my family send their condolences to the family of lt. col ira s. eadie, and his af family...
i liked a video from atv's on the beach (i get pulled over)
thanks for the like appreciate the support!
i'm finding that people don't look at examples when they have specific questions covered in the examples ...
so, when i give someone a board game manual? i know they are missing 80% of it.
no one understands how many years we struggled since the warner era lol all they have is that one game against cam lol
don't trust people who think 1 game defines a player. palmer was 2nd in line for mvp
you can always come
where tf you going
haha well someone also claimed "most people are uncomfortable with race mixing" so that was something.
... the sound you hear is the noise of a crumbling narrative. except who the fuck even believes that bullshit?
must watch this hillary soundbite she is screaming at the camera, sorry about quality had to record off tv, scary!
i am clear no she is a freaking psycho omg. byte was about her opposing our right to work and exporting our jobs wtf!
yeah but the fascist word count here doesn't allow for me to voice that
it's like you're begging me to hate you
no zoning in and that definitely has some drawbacks - "less zoning" isn't all roses and can't fix fundamentals
nothing can fix everything, but with limited exceptions, less regulation makes things better.
sure, me too. but it's not news you hype up really. teasing news like that just makes it a disappointment.
that's fair, i was looking forward to them bringing in a scouse translator for post fight interviews
if you keep running into trash black women that says more about you than anything. why is it that you attract garbage personalities?
if you walk into a situation with the mindset that it's going to fail bc of xyz, you can bet your ass it likely will.
yeah! eeeeeek
this is the kind of market where you need to move quickly, admit when wrong and reverse course. we were all wrong
this is the least important thing
not when you're trying to win.
not to mention close-up portraits with wide-angle lens wide open.
oh def. get the canon 10-22.
so are we getting the vs fight this year? hell of a matchup. very curious to see that one.
just call the boy "the hypekiller" from now on...
learning how hedgerows and vineyards create a beautiful ag landscape for wildlife and wine lovers alike
wildlife? that's a stretch.
3/2 and i don't think it can happen but she needs to win huge to show trumpism is soundly rejected
yeah, i too have fallen off the yuge mandate bus. drumpster percentage caught me by surprise...
remember among industry leaders in gross margin. capex to grow fast not same as 'losing money'
very true but first few models had large warranty costs that negated gross margin
i'm going to pin this at the top of my page forever. when people ask how we fix police brutality, use this.
lol. protestors innocent civilians.
i hope they have the nerve to do it, but my money's on eugene.
as i said in my thread, i think he won't because he will see how the group doesn't care that much about him. also, negan will..
i will be there tonight and looking forward to seeing new and old hg's. i will let paul know we were rooting for hi...
please tell him how much friendship there is out there for him!
black lives matters is a domestic terrorist arm of the democrat party .... that's why they've had meetings with ob...
the old communist trick to use useful idiots for their gain
it's only passion is maximum profit and absolute power
our cotton picking ancestors got pennies by the hour so that the sons and daughters of white privilege could go to harvard
the trick is to never love anything and always be depressed. it's hard to be disappointed that way by any one thing.
right? love is overrated.
this seems to be spam. you are you spamming os?
where were all you hashtag police when # was busy? not spam. i don't spam. info share.
biked by it on market. that combined with the raised bike lane painting made it an odd commute.
market street now bike and muni only. let's just keep it that way!
exactly. twitter has become very childish in a lot of ways.
foreal. look for me on fb. jamal mccant
now your forehead is bigger then what it actually is?
just as big as yours:)
when you wake up for your 8am class to remember that it was cancelled
lol go to basketball class
this beautiful lady, so full of hate and venom, truly belongs in the basket marked d. sorry i looked...
you are supporting a globalist who's owned by wall street and has to lie and cheat to win...
if you walk into a situation with the mindset that it's going to fail bc of xyz, you can bet your ass it likely will.
stop dragging your bagging around and punishing people because of the past they had nothing to do with.
yeah! eeeeeek
italy has one too many " mario's "
if you've got a tesla in your driveway, the future's here now. just give it an hour to install
sick wheels
throwback
i know i called you
i hope they have the nerve to do it, but my money's on eugene.
..pick up quickly he's a coward, and he's already seen glenn's brave. but, we'll defintiely see.
texans win tonight. bet the house
i think it's time for your medication again. never bet against the pats. didn't week 1 teach you anything!!!
"race realists"
dishonest people who think their own worst traits are not only common, but magnified in others. the opposite of me.
wrote this last week. yeah. still true. why i don't believe a single word police say after they kill somebody.
even if it's a tea partier? finicum
i have my own opinion about all this. i dont think knicks had any interest in lin and vice versa. it was an excus...
i'm ignoring any talk with the knicks and lin together in the same sentence anymore. it's the past. i'm looking forward.
super proud of you guys. the crew and i our planning how to line wait for msg. thanks a lot.
count me in on said group
blm rioters strip, beat, &amp; drag a random white man through a parking garage: how is this not viral yet?...
beating a homeless man. ain't no shame in this divided country!!!
yesterday i tested a prototype using components from another game. how often do you do this, what games double as a prototype kit for you?
pretty rarely :/ most of my games use cards so there isn't much to take. boo, i say. did take some minis recently for drop.
only thing good about being skinny you can get away with wearing some clothes
exactly. lolol. i love short dresses and rompers, but i gotta make sure it covers everything and some don't
our cotton picking ancestors got pennies by the hour so that the sons and daughters of white privilege could go to harvard
white people here are given actual life and liberty blacks and other people of color are given the promise
wow " national rt" student of the year you rock
thank you so much janice!!!! i literally can't believe such news! representative of all the support i've had. &lt;3
lol. the "pirate black" ones are horrendous anaw. scored some red ultraboost uncaged today. chuffed
i saw them mate, so so dece - now that is a shoe! unreal comfort
if you walk into a situation with the mindset that it's going to fail bc of xyz, you can bet your ass it likely will.
stop dragging your baggage around and punishing people because of the past they had nothing to do with.
hey do you think i could hear some joan jett...seeing it's her birthday toady and all
you got it! good call! she's still rockin' it at 58!
prediction: jigsaw will be largely ignored when it is released. it was announced in 2007. in 2016, it has all the relevance of xml literals.
actually stanley ho at javapolis in 2006
your response so far is dishearteningly irresponsible. please do better.
the original response was terrible and then they keep digging. awful.
think i might just take a detour home and end up on a plane to somewhere far away
swing by and pick me up on the way
at least i don't troll on the internet fucking dumb ass stay out of my mentions
stay off mine and we're even. you don't look like a troll. u look like that shit that my $5000 dog just took in the dog park.
one of my prime excuses for being late to work
they cant argue with you either lmao
all my girlfriends have babies or mules!!!
are you the daddy
that is one crazy and discouraging story. :-)
it's the distilled version of years of watching people conduct user tests in our test lab.
congrats recipients of 2015 + awards, incld , morgan freeman, , phili...
watch a live feed of the 2015 national medals of arts and humanities ceremony here:
and you went to another majority white country. i don't think the advertisement was actually saying black people are bad
majority? it's 50% asian american here, i have one white friend [the advertisement associated bad behaviors and minorities]
i've noticed a lot of scandinavian producers studios look like they are in a sauna :p
this one is in bk
you can have all the tools in place, but you still have to do the work.
you mean i can't just push a button, and success, money, and fame come out? now i'm disappointed.
yo fuck you mitch
go retire and shoot your friends like cheney
nah, pretty sure we're just as insecure as the rest of you, sorry.
sure, everyone is insecure on some level. not at all the point.
i actually met a few people who weren't interested in one, last year in berlin when i volunteered
oh wow, really? anyone i've been standing near always signs for one but then again i wasn't the one doing the canvassing.
only thing good about being skinny you can get away with wearing some clothes
and pants would fit correctly too if i was skinny.
when you get a notification saying your tweet had been liked by one of your favourite youtubers. thanks ! i appreciate it!
nah problem
"race realists"
i tend to be surprised when i'm "the nice one here". i know- try to contain your shock and disbelief.
when your name is autumn and you were born on the first day of autumn
!!!happy bday have fun in sf and at flume tomorrow
i spent all day on saying . we must address the (opportunity, $, access,...
: standards for food quality sufficient $ for car or "rainy days" [read: hurricanes] disposable income work
well down sarah well deserved
can't believe it! thanks for everything laura! you made such a difference to my learning experience!
there really doesn't seem to be an industry standard on this topic, which i find insanely interesting.
at the very least, i feel too many live and die on actions shots, when you can do so much more with a camera at a sporting event.
re: ' need for a nt. i'm wondering the same too.
is that how the bills will use ? why don't they have a nt already?
hystrix circuit breaker for ops: lots of detailed pro tips from at .
how many talks are you at?
the cork that holds your emotions in place may pop today, espe... more for capricorn
i'm in a capricorn but mine is ready to pop ... saludos
lmao i wish. i actually may be there the first week of october
let me know. i would love to see you ! i miss your face!
don't wait any longer...this is the best two game rugby weekend on domestic soil...ever!! full stadiums grow the ga...
dan, are there any corporate events, seminars, ect around the weekend?
yes, that arizona is weak of heart and mind
haha. that's true.
stop dragging your baggage around and punishing people because of the past they had nothing to do with.
all of that bullshit is a mindset. change that, and the environment in which you sit will change.
dis true? "warby parker is getting better results by reducing managers' control over workers"
i don't talk to the tech dpt lol but i do know that warbles exist
welcome to my life......
lol just because i have no proof till i get home
yeah there's a few songs i love but they make me cry a lot and it's hard for me to listen
peter will put on "beeswing" when i've been drinking because he knows it makes me weep.
if you ever once believe i'm a good person, remember that: 1. i prefer pepsi 2. i don't eat pizza crust 3. i correct people's grammar
just wanted my followers to know i'm the worst kind of human
i'm a professional because i do my job and i do it well. period.
if you want to talk about what's appropriate for a specific work environment, sure. but hold your comments concerning professionalism.
ca didn't build the peripheral canal but still takes the h20. result-delta doesn't function as an ecosystem, salmon suffer. -moyle
removing water is removing water. if anything, present need to keep salt away from intakes helps keep water in the delta.
let's see what happens when things die down. i expect rates lower, which has an affinity to pull $usdjpy with them
yeah interesting correlations indeed, but i see it as the yen wagging rates and pretty much everything else in the world.
you and everybody else says oh well they play the too worst teans if we beat pittsburgh your still say the sane thing hating
moi wouldn't, ain't hating just pointing out a fact
&amp;i thank u 4breakfast tip when offered facetime w/a rockstar in your indust...
it was our pleasure! we had a blast with you ladies! always ready to ttm!!!
peter will put on "beeswing" when i've been drinking because he knows it makes me weep.
i am literally tearing up right now thinking about it
a new study finds the tap water for tens of thousands of bay area homes contain a chemical that is raising concern.
great oaks water &amp; the city of sj are guilty. they need to make changes now or lower costs so we can make changes independently.
side note: what the hell is the weeknd?
on the plus side he cut that pineapple off his head and looks much better! full disclosure my 18 yr old daughter likes him!
me too! so psyched can make it. now that's being a fan.
how exciting!! living vicariously through y'all from out here in california.
there's p l o t but l i t e, hella lore, nonlinear levels, multiple chars...
ethan i'm excited for this project now, i do hope it gets touched again someday.
ok, shame. thanks for heads up bruno
np. apologies from my side. i was also looking for a way. still in the cab heading there :-(
charlotte nc riots: black racist attacks old homeless white man
why you won't win creation
i sure hope so. i'm anxious about monday night. he can't be allowed to seem even barely competent.
wait til he nonchalantly threatens to drop nuclear bombs and take guns from citizens in stp and frsk
number 1 of 30. got to the venue bright and early i see
more like early evening lol. hey fam can i shoot a quick dm?
i have 2 of them if you want both
both for $60 if you're with that
can we please campaign for people to move down the aisles and not block doors
i love offboarding to let people off, only to reboard to it more crowded because everyone moved in...
a very compelling &amp; profound reply.
you're cute...anything intelligent to add...or nah? rhetorical question..do you know what that is dear? lol
theyre playing wells fargo what the fuck
come see this at msg with me
thx for inspiring me, got chosen by as 1st girl designer to inspire more kids to college:
huge congrats
oh my fucking god this is terrifying lmao
honestly i think i wear the look better
rt if you would say yes
my birthday is soon beeb
he's not a female pop star, that's literally why
why would we check for male pop stars lmao they're all mediocre
it's also in keynote and preview on os x
it's in preview too? that's awesome! i had no idea. thanks.
big warm s/o to all my followers! i hope you're well!! thank u so much for your continued support of my music. much love!
all good here keep living loving laughing..... and singing
this is why
yup! i can't see the crock pot though, only the helicopter. i can only report on the news i got. ;)
weekly coffee hour today in weis at 4:30 p.m. tea, snacks, and chocolates also served. all welcome.
in time for your birthday!
are you sure you wanna party with the demons?
no i don't wanna dance with the devil
i was specifically responding to "saturdays". blame the misquoter, not the mob.
she didn't misquote, she has 140 chars. did you read the rest of her tweets? it's annoying bc we both drive this point a lot
gary johnson is attracting many bernie sanders supporters. he is pretty much the opposite of bernie sanders.
he's exactly the same if all you care about is whiteness and maleness.
good morning! this made me "smile" have a great day my friends....
thank you so much. that's very sweet. you have a good day too.
i'm back on twitter to promote save the day &amp; our get-out-the-vote videos *leafs thru unused great british bake off tweets* and that is all
i thank you for this and am so glad you're back but you teased us with buffy blu-rays and you left. you left us joss!
praying bio lab is cancelled i can't do 3 hour labs anymore time to change my major to babysitter
currently sitting through my 4th hour of bio rn..
pitt is writing off millions of voters
no, they are writing themselves off.
gm pls join me for ...
gm to everyone
truth..what black qb are they supposed to be playing..simms was qb 79-92..only 2 black qbs in the nfl when he was done
relax it was a rt
i think he wouldn't be week to week if it was lis franc. he'd be pretty much done right now.
i hope you're right. i guess i still expect the worst when it comes to injuries even tho we have a new s&amp;c prog &amp; r healthy
at the very least, i feel too many live and die on actions shots, when you can do so much more with a camera at a sporting event.
to conclude this mindless rant, stop using filters / cropping on professional photos xooxoxoxoxxoxoxoxoxox
breaking news: after failing his physical with the columbus blue jackets, david clarkson begins new career in secur...
protecting all water bottles off the ice.
stop invoking martin luther king jr to silence angry &amp; hurting black people. learn some more black history.
right,mlk was never silent, &amp; he never ignored ppl's pain. public protests r a way 2 vent pain constructively.
the fact that you ordered trash bags signifies you are now an old married lol.
haha yeah man. my amazon orders are largely household goods and toiletries. lol
for the record dukakis lost 49 states to reagan. still able to win his home state. gore lost the state carried by clinton twice
dukakis lost to george h.w. bush, not ronald reagan.
why indian-isation? i think uber is launching this in multiple locations around the world.
it has been available in the bay area for over a month now.
i'm deadass waiting 30 mins just so i can eat left overs last night and not feel weird about it being early
it's never to early b
she wears confederate flags on her shirts, they are all racist. what do you mean?
lmaooo kendall really tried to be cool for the culture and wear that dumbass shirt
copy editors corre t grammar and punctuation. i think they also do other things. it's a tedious, paying job.
i'm aware, hence it's not immediate. however upon research, perhaps a line editor may be a good idea first.
i wouldn't give a single dime as a person of color. you won't catch my coins but you can catch this read!
"i don't care if you're black, white, or neon green" neon green? really? you had to go that far to trivialize a l...
so the prime minister of greece came to visit my school today and i was the first person he shook hands with &amp; i screwed up
said something to me in greek, probably something nice, i froze up &amp; said "i don't speak greek." gave me a thousand yard stare &amp; walked away
it's trying to save you from yourself. take heed.
i'm just going to guess i'm an otter and call it a day.
this week i: saved $150/mo on company phone plan with extra 10gb of bandwidth. tripled my home internet speeds for $50 less per month.
just by checking their new offerings?
welcome to the world of domino's shitty underpaid temp slicing skills of franchise standard baked pan fried pizza.
that's more like it
getting ready for kundilini !!!time to greet the universe , the world with more openness. never give up your dreams
even when diagnosed w/an incurable disease (secondary progressive ms), i've never given up on my dreams! life is precious
focusing on her performance in a video conference to the laborers' intl union of north america strikes me as utterly banal
"utterly banal." where have you been for this entire election cycle?
happy birthday
thanks sexy
i badly need to get a picture with . so that i can tweet it and finally get his notice. lol
nice one i got a couple of good one but my daughter is so rude about it like it her
i do not listen to sad music. like... almost hardly at all. i skip huge bands b/c too downery
even happy music makes me cry. i am a giant baby.
you're not looking for facts! you know then and choose to hide them or claim them as "not real" or "made up".
i told him to start with the white water scandal...crickets...honestly i thought his post was a joke at first..lol
she didn't misquote, she has 140 chars. did you read the rest of her tweets? it's annoying bc we both drive this point a lot
yanking one of a stream out to generate outrage is just unhelpful and unfair
waiting for the subway, thinking of a letter my grandfather wrote to my grandmother while in wwi that started, "it's me, your bad boy."
it was about astrology!
. hit me up about the oct 8 gala. i have tickets for you.
hey i'll have my publicist get info or you can send to her i'm on tour right now
if he had taken james, he would have won for sure. they both had poor jury management and that's why it was so close
yeah, the fact nicole got paul to take her to final 2 despite her being a threat is the ultimate proof that she was the best.
the people who are trying to get your attention through those notifixations deserve better
i'm gonna have to agree with that one
people please, putin/russia are not a threat, is the threat to the usa period.
"says who??"
i saw the pic of the supposed ied, not sure what to make of it
this is going to screw up my drive to get lofton to school this morning
pres. obama shares emotional video of 6-year-old who asks to host syrian refugee. "we should all be more like alex....
ppl who have written hate messages over this video need to crawl back in their hole. they are sub human and should not walk freely.
stop it..i shut it down before you even started it because i knew where you were going with it
i'm a jets fan , so this issue don't matter to me i'm worried about sunday vs the chiefs
congratulations and good luck . . .you will be missed in room 9 - i hope you will save a space for...
now, maybe, hope and history will come together, henry, and you will be in the next sketch of rm 9ers.
so, we've reached the point in our civilization where a bomb threat is as easy as leaving a pressure cooker at a bu...
remember 2001 when it was any kind of powdery substance? ...wait, are you even able to remember 2001?
lmaoo me tooo he does that all the time
and he yells at me for my phone and you be mad low with it teach me your ways
why would anyone waiting for a train care about anything other than when it's going to actually arrive?
perhaps so they can time their commute to arrive when the train's scheduled?
stop sending me whack ass beats
check these out
26 batters in mlb history have reached 90 war by their age 37 season. guess who's next on the list?
jesus ty cobb / a rod at 18
if you ask that question with tag, i bet you'll get an answer.
already corrected.
exposing folks to marginal cost per car trip is good. having a zillion terrible suburban drivers on sf street is bad
at least many of them are more timid than our cabbies
having technical trouble getting access to my course i purchased.
sorry about that! please give us a call at 866-725-0024 (toll-free) so we can help you out.
right?! it defies physics!
he cut his hair!
i'm a jets fan , so this issue don't matter to me i'm worried about sunday vs the chiefs
ur issue should be with gil brandt who originated the tweet
also lost service for hours. i blame for selling me on it.
oh it's fine.
when did movies get so bad? think i watched three this year
go see kubo, it will restore your faith
wassup bro bro
grinding brotha, everyday grind. what's been good fam?
you people just can not help yourselves can you, lying like hillary, that video is from the uk and not the usa
steering wheel is on the right hand side of cars in england! what country is this from?
i can bring jack
i've added jack to the spreadsheet
i'm apprehensive because of the word "mcdonald's"...
it is also a museum!!! just a cool slice of (high carlorie) americana
yeah there's keisha. idk if nothin bout nothin, one way &amp; last ones is on it but those are all new
aye put me on
crooked's "why aren't i 50 points ahead?" clip is pure gold. so much to work with there.
spends $$$ conservatively-as he will do with our country-hillary will tax and spend causing huge deficit
any chance you'll share the name of the poem and/or where it can be read?
oh! it's called open fifths &amp; was commissioned by the for a seth price retrospective. won't b avail in us 4 a bit
can i eat her
i didn't know you were chinese
yeah that's fucked but the ballerina thing is weird as hell i don't get it people gotta choose their battles
true i didnt really fight for her i wanted to make it clear to white folks that it wasnt appropriation
i think about it a lot but fgo, fgo is really good. somehow the battles just really work you know
managing your skills, crit stars, picking the perfect time to use a master skill, saving your battle with command seals, etc
yeah, i ended up talking for like 5min as to why they should support one. but then, they noticed free wristbands..
i guess some people need an incentive to be politically inclined. ;-) i think others don't want to be on another email list.
i think they said the jets started 30 qb's in the same span
don't matter i live in the present
the harpy screaming at us... this is the woman who brags she killed 80,000 coal jobs
spends $$$ conservatively-as he will do with our country-hillary will tax and spend causing huge deficit
i'll let u know cuz not sure if i'm gonna get 1 12 or 2 10s
they look exactly like this
you guys... i found an anaconda in my garage and i am not ok. nah girl
oh hellll no!! that sumbitch looks cranky, too.
i see and tomorrow night \m/
sabaton vids please
managing your skills, crit stars, picking the perfect time to use a master skill, saving your battle with command seals, etc
it's! good!
we're very sorry for this experience, alexandra. please provide your conf # and we will take a look into this for you.
it was no 5040184
tweets from for the next four days.
looking forward to meeting you
me: "are you trying to kill me" allie: "are you trying to die"
there's that francomano sense of humor in true wit.
i'm too hip, it blows especially when you're not really even going to use it
we're literally only using each of the 5 books for two weeks each. that's petty. i'm not buying them.
then learn how to fully comply. why does everyone else comply but your people?
you think that black people are the only people non-compliant? ask google/siri that question and see what she says.
only on nbc bay area: east bay woman behind arrest of popular chiropractor speaks out about alleged sexual assault.
it's always the popular one doing it. it was the same for an obgyn in san jose. glad they caught him!
any chance you'll share the name of the poem and/or where it can be read?
4 now it can be heard when i read it... thank you for asking &amp; sorry i forgot to answer...
muft saheb i am extremely thankfull to the all mighty allah for blessing the ummat of rasulull....
assalamu alaykum. my respected colleague, mufti ikram haq has already translated the book
lemme rock pls
lmao cool out
i'm truly shocked. for this to come from a professional publication...
professionals across the board seem to respond as if they are on message boards on personal accounts, not representing companies.
i don't have to do anything. most people have the same opinion because it's their experience when they come into
that's unfortunate but it's also says that these guys ultimately found the fault they were looking for.
what is everyone's favorite treat?
cheesecake.. yummy
psa: a pipe broke this morning there is a small chance we get to go home
water is only off at one part of the school :(((
freespeech isn't free, it has consequences. if your job is public performance you shouldn't alienate 1/2 the public
as a performer, he has a platform. using it for good is very moral. don't like it, bugger off.
exposing folks to marginal cost per car trip is good. having a zillion terrible suburban drivers on sf street is bad
by the way, i'm not actually against the coalition working with uber.
they're too busy rioting over sports, pumpkins, &amp; child rapists losing their job
: better than rioting for criminals/thugs....
yeah it's tough because we've never seen how he handles a young team. makes sense to be patient.
my impression on tibs over years, if he believes in players work ethic/effort he'll ride w/ em.
bril: a platform co-op that empowers the huge but often stifled expertise of expert nurses
you should come to this year! would be great to have you there.
it's! good!
it's really fun planning out a team! picking the perfect ces! watching your plan unfold! it's fun and good and i'm sad it's gonna end 1 day
if you didn't you wouldn't quote the tweet.
i am using you to show the readers the diseased and treacherous mindset of muslims. get over yourself.
that app mymixtapez be clutch
i be using spinrilla
it just shows 12 comments, the newest one being from one month ago.
happy to dm the lyrics to you if the link isn't working - but you need to follow me for me to dm you
worst part of wfh - foraging for breakfast. today it's a slice of paneer masala pizza, seaweed salad, and some oreos.
that sounds awesome to me!
german words that i really love and miss in some other languages, today: sturmfrei :d two weeks of feeling like this is actually my place!
i'm assuming i know what that means and it sounds like a great way to be
my impression on tibs over years, if he believes in players work ethic/effort he'll ride w/ em.
like he believes in his ability to coach up flaws, but if a guy is lazy etc. he wont want them
all reps are busy. want to leave a message for us to call you back? press 2 mailbox is full. goodbye! shady vshady
sorry to hear this, but thank you for letting me know! dm me details of what you need &amp; i can help resolve
one person has been shot &amp; killed by rioter. is destroying charlotte! rioting, looting, killing, attacking cops.
not good lets keep seeking right knowing law-order is key because not every person can work out peace with always be bad's
how you do that?!? lol
teach us your ways
dying to see the response
you and me both tbh
kilgore predicted gop was weak going into 2010 midterms -- in fact they won one of the biggest landslides in history
it's telling that pundits are openly talking about who to blame when she loses
please stop spamming # oregonstandoff. thank you.
not spam. report me if your panties are in a bunch.
40 under 40 - congrats to so many of my friends on this list &amp; jeff lawson in particular
i'm waiting for 70 under 70 - i should achieve something by then :)
i can say the same...inspires me to run farther!
and slower?
did trump just say drugs are a "very, very big factor" in the protests in charlotte?
if not, what in the world is he referencing?
and i'm registered with the gop.
so you say....nothing you say is going to get me to support islam.
well you brought the house down with your tweet anyway :)
still hate typos. wish we could edit.
trump on charlotte violence: "how can we lead when we can't even control our own cities?"
if only the people involved would realize this all been planned, race wars,by george soros to take down usa.
i discovered my patronus is a brown hare on j.k. rowling's . find yours:
this is so perfect i was so nervous it would be an animal i wouldn't like!
oh good i was starting to worry it would just be me and in the office today (just kidding, you josh)
wouldn't do that to you ali
corruption charges expected today for gov. andrew cuomo ex chief of staff and close friend joe percoco
a thunderclap of indictments today.
trying to get simple choice 6gb but stores trying to force tmo one on me. really upsetting
even told me all they offer is one
so excited! what date does this location open?
coming soon! we are hoping next month. keep following us on twitter/instagram/facebook for updates!
desperate old woman hillary clinton yells at a camera: "why aren't i 50 points ahead?" ...
spends $$$ conservatively-as he will do with our country-hillary will tax and spend causing huge deficit
as a performer, he has a platform. using it for good is very moral. don't like it, bugger off.
he has the right to alienate you, he doesn't have to just stay shut up. deal with it.
sudden craving for peanut butter. what does it mean? am i having a stroke?
i crave peanut butter and celery often.
thank you! each month is a big surprise to us as well but it's great fun!!
big surprise is a really apt way to put it thank you mike
!!!give trump a chance!!! hillary has had her chance!!!
hillary is for uncontrolled taxation and spending! trump for the opposite!!!
hey fellow programmers; braces go on
whatever the standard/most popular is for that language. allowing yourself to try different styles pays off so much.
not spam. report me if your panties are in a bunch.
what happened to "bye felicia". can't stay away can you?
the puppy my mom is fostering is adorable i wanna cry
okay why did i move away from you again
anyone ever get curved so hard you're just like...? yeah, feeling just like this guy
brush it off mama
(also "content" is one of those terms that makes me just want to stab something--life is full of "content.")
infuriates me. straight sexuality hardly mentioned but lgbt? all of a sudden this merits warnings. why? (rhetorical, we know answer)
your medium post accepts category-based zero-rating. prohibition or more clear and strict requirements?
in practice it is difficult to identify and zero-rate entire categories (t-mobile+greek radio streaming)
she's trying too hard.
spends $$$ conservatively-as he will do with our country-hillary will tax and spend causing huge deficit
hi. i made an online order on september 3rd but still haven't received it. please can you help?
hi rachel - sorry for the delay! if you still need help, please dm me your order # and an email or phone # we can reach you at.
pot calling the kettle black
i am not the one who supports lashings, crucifixions, and child marriages etc. you are.
black faggots have gone far enough calling women butches and rhyming about horrible things.it's tine to pay
lol mad funny talk to
"fuck you pussy hahahaha " lol
haha it's because they were crying about canceling
yes but 1. more of them 2. they are looking at their phones constantly 3. they no zero city geography
indeed. i have been 50/50 on ones who know the city or not probably.
keep in mind that we're pharmaceutical analysts over here and hahahaha wtf dude.
wait he does this for a living? lmao
white people can't ever feel appropriated. we don't want yall culture. yall didnt even invent straight hair.
flat irons give everyone straight hair foh
i cant wait for halloween
who ru again?
i'm not on board with "junkie" being a point of pride
noted, happy to stop having this ribbon and using that term. thank you for the feedback.
after nissan + tax rebates, cost was equivalent to buying a used car from craigslist @$~15k.. but new and with more range.
any special electrical installation at the moustache home front for charging?
you can't ask rappers to pay for their beats if you are a producer online trying to sell pirated software invest in yourself
they are selling those to other producers... i paid for my programs though
w/my peeps is almost here! what were some of your fave moments last season? ...
love the shot
thank you for this fab bag, i couldn't resist! ...
great score!!
by the fucking way did you know that the fucking seagulls in fucking eye don't count as trash for mythic+ because now i do, ask me how
how did you find out this fact, min?
where can you point to that proves that? how do the numbers shake out against jill stein and/or warren?
it's a bit hard to "shake out the numbers" since media owners, executives and paying customers are mostly w...
thats an invention ?
i swear its not but they think they invented that shit
the nice thing about working in a legal office is all of the resources i have at my disposal xd how is your suit going?
get it, gurls.
because you're a lying, corrupt, devious climber. you don't care about or its people. you're money hungry...
because u live in a make believe world where a large amount of the people in that world are deplorable.
am i the only one who is utterly confused by the order of the os_log enum? info is more verbose than debug?
the naming is even worse. error vs fault is open to interpretation. trace info warning error that's all you should need imo.
excited to announce that warren louw has joined my em-8er "massive planetary wargame" project as a character design...
i sure hope there're enough fat chicks for anita sarkeesian. ;)
in practice it is difficult to identify and zero-rate entire categories (t-mobile+greek radio streaming)
so until that can be done effectively (maybe through your network cookie proposal), prohibition is the way
the indignity of having to listen to a death cab for cutie song this early in the morning.
what indignity is that pray tell
or as we also been dubbed coke snortin followers
i thought "crystal pepsi butt chuggers" goes down easier with a slickener..
that's why i call these people the anti-putin putinists.
when someone takes putin, who i'd call a ruthless authoritarian, and blows him up into..
hey fans! we will not be clearing the room between panels at the theater at msg. please view the process:
when does the bbc america panels start?
pace security just growled at me like an actual dog. happy thursday.
i love when that happens they're so feisty
we're totally in!! we'll make potato batteries!! shit will be doooooope!!
bill nye after making batteries with corey!
hillary clinton taped her appearance on "between two ferns" on the same day she was diagnosed with pneumonia:
looting and rioting, this is the best she can do?
it's trying to save you from yourself. take heed.
wait found it.
i swear its not but they think they invented that shit
ohhhh , i hear it
no funny shit, i think ya take a l tonight. texans get y'all at the right time.
not if the wr play qb lol
is hillary trying to lose here?
spends $$$ conservatively-as he will do with our country-hillary will tax and spend causing huge deficit
especially linear algebra, quaternions, and other 3d, but any games-related math is welcome! ^~^
check out 's math courses! i used them in college when my professor's lessons made no sense (aka every other day)
ignore the receding hairline and sleepy eyes, instead focus on my favorite tie (purchased from )
so sharp
actually 6 targets as explained here
terrific points on the boj. why even bother to hide when it is obvious the current policies are not working.
reasons to never date me...
y are u like this
reason why you're not 50 points ahead is because you're an antichrist
why are you yelling at me?
when someone takes putin, who i'd call a ruthless authoritarian, and blows him up into..
"the grand godfather of this global brand of extreme nationalism", that is not whataboutist to call putinite. madness
it's crazy how many people i've cussed the fuck out this morning, yet i haven't even got out of bed
who's next????
he's held down the best hair for years now
see jason? i'm marketable as-is lmaoo
would've stopped and talked to you but i was ina rush for work! what's your number pretty lady
it's okay, totally understand lol 347-744-3073 text me!
wish granted.
turn your hearts to stone. only stone men get us out of where weakness took us.
instead of asking why she isn't 50 points ahead, hillary should be asking whether she has a single honest supporter
lol spends $$$ conservatively-as he will do with our country-hillary will tax and spend causing huge deficit
good thing you didn't mention putting raisins on that too, otherwise he'd cringebeak
lol. chocolate chips are good alternatives
are you looking for something without a computer? skype has a direct video handset (or at least used to a year ago)
no it's actually for streaming to recording software that i use. directly encodes and stores mp4
nope that saudi arabia. they are in that biz. they also are in the biz of killing shia if which i am one.
liar. the koran sanctions those actions and i do not care about your civil wars.
also in uber's case, there's the wage theft
what's the wage theft angle? (i stopped taking uber due to a bad support interaction)
ktvu question of the day: should police departments be required to release all video of officer-involved shootings?
yes. without question. secrecy only fuels public distrust. they need absolute transparency when they kill a citizen.
check out 's math courses! i used them in college when my professor's lessons made no sense (aka every other day)
what i like best about it is that there's (well made) interactive lessons between instructional videos to make sure you get it.
trump: many americans are watching the unrest in charlotte unfolding... our country looks bad to the world.
what did you expect after 8 yrs of obama??? tea at noon?
where can you point to that proves that? how do the numbers shake out against jill stein and/or warren?
the demographics of donors is much more available and much more white for bernie. it's not all bernie supporters, but it's enough
that's what we do. fight one fight all!
u guys rock..his minions were jumping me left &amp; right..lol
wouldn't sage be "the boy" since he's 4 years younger? gall has a long way to go before he's a "hype killer."
i'm just trying to give the guy a gimmick is all...
george is better at playmaking, ball handles, scoring inside, rebounding, &amp; can play d just as good as anyone
he is minimally better at some of those things compared to klay, and klay is way better at shooting
show us your fashionable little ones in the looks you took home yesterday from
it's in the laundry lol i'll have max wear tomorrow. if i wash laundry
nope that saudi arabia. they are in that biz. they also are in the biz of killing shia if which i am one.
so you support the mullah of iran. making you a traitor to america. just as i stated.
who in the heck on 's campaign thinks this video comes across well. bad policy, crazy delivery.
spends $$$ conservatively-as he will do with our country-hillary will tax and spend causing huge deficit
. says the equal rights amendment is "outdated"-so he thinks women have enough rights!!
- we must dump rubio. he has no value to anyone. interested only in himself ..
$apty - l2 last sub .01 shares going going gone
$apty hq is just down the road from my house. ill snap some pics when im in the area
your body knows how many macros you took in but your body doesn't give a shit what time of day it is
that seems to be one of the biggest misconceptions in fitness. the whole eating at night thing
that's why we have to stay in school. everything will pay off in the end
that is very true god willing!
hey all! please take a moment and wish the fabulous a happy birthday today! she deserves all the happiness in the world!!!
happy birthday!!
i think i might make some camping badges and type to go along with it. anyone have any other suggestions i should make for fun. :)
come up with 10 rules of camping. and do a series of patches for them. style!!
nope that saudi arabia. they are in that biz. they also are in the biz of killing shia if which i am one.
really? then condemn this verse.
m!!! i just won radiotherapist of the year for students out of the whole uk! artist making change!
wanted to tell you cuz i think you know how much this means to me after the road we've taken. argh! can't believe it.
people should let out frustration, but not at the expense of another life. looting doesn't help.
i'm not excusing it. you asked why, i stated my belief as to "why?"
"trump when he steps on stage and sees hillary."
-ha-very funny :)
glad to be part of this great night! 'shealth
i'm sure it will be a great success
saw rolling stone picked sopranos over wire as greatest tv show. on list of greatest tv characters, omar would be
the wire is so great i'm not even sure he's the best character on the show
that's ridiculous,he has no empathy for anybody. clueless. not everybody has ss protection
you know it. he is full of shit
i troll hunted (fact checked) for oregonstandoff hashtag for first 3 months. so i do understand issues.
just ask or or we are on same team. why so tyrannical about #
all wired up! it's surgery time!
you got this.
no one has ever seen anything like this.
it can only happen in .
no funny shit, i think ya take a l tonight. texans get y'all at the right time.
if we go 3-1 or 4-0 w no brady or jimmy g it's a rap &amp; i like our running game shit drew bledsoe mite take a few snaps lol
well when you have rbnj attendance figures what do you expect to happen. it's sad but it's business
they would be a lot better off if they had rbnj's attendance #. they are getting out drawn by li ducks .
donald trump is really good at spending other people's money-on: legal settlements. payoffs. portraits of himself.
thats hysterical!!!! don't u spend most of ur days asking for other people's money? ur funded and live off ur foundation.
i am just trying to host a launch party for gears at my hotel. the only thing is guys have to wear suits. people saying it's impossible smdh
i thought about it a bit and i believe the only wear we can get suits is if we turned it into the playa haters ball
you know what blaming readers gets you? unemployed. if this is your attitude, why should the community ever pay you?
exactly. he'd rather try to force feed the community his horse shit than acknowledge a mistake. sad.
he better be able to turn water in to wine.
yeah, good luck with that.
students, teachers, parents come to defense of outspoken berkeley middle school teacher in danger of losing her job.
what happened to freedom of speech? if can disrespect our military why can't a teacher speak up against neozazis?
you should go! i live in korea and absolutely love it! seoul is awesome!
where would you recommend i visit in addition to seoul?
i feel like i'm late on this but i ain't know cut his hair
lol yea man like 2-3 months ago
wells fargo also worst with modifications refused to do them in questionable loans
wells fargo i think is one of the 147 companies that owns most of the wealth, power and authority of the globe per a report
peter they make it up as they go along spewing insults &amp; no facts to back up their negativity abt hillary. sad
bwahahaha...i politely asked him to debate, and crickets..would you like to dear?? quite sure you're afraid...lol
just watched this vlog from holy crap i can't wait to get my hands on the new drone
you'll be stoked on the setup!
two of the original four seasons, tommy devito and frankie valli, signing our banner backstage...
sound terrific
when was the verse revealed? what's the tafseer? was the verse abrogated by another?
the words are clear and prove my claim. allah hates those who oppose him.
does this mean we're like trader joe's versus twitter also what does that even mean
can i get groceries on twitter that'd be dope
is there a location/route where this will take place
yes you'll see all the info if you follow the link.
in case anyone wants to hear the opinion of a white supremacist living off a trust fund
i hate people.
my mt. rushmore of pbp voices: local: v. scully, c. hearn, j. miller, j. sterling national: k. jackson, h. cosell, m. albert, d. emrick
no johnny most on the local side? would agree with me here.
us boy asks obama if he can adopt syrian refugee:
now i want to cry...the innocence of children
we didnt say we didn't like the scene! it just looked like it might have taken care of any tightness!
i usually fix any tightness with a foam roller and some smr
peep show is superior.
i watched a couple of eps ofbthst and liked it
you can charge it in any regular outlet, but i plan to build it a solar roof carport, just for fun :-)
i knew it! upcoming post on that effort?
the new trump party is following 's example. it's liars all the way down.....
everyone in that party, including trump, have learned their lines from listening to talk radio.
joke's on you, i have no heart.
uh huh. well it was plural to the audience. also smartass you're tipping your hat to hide tears...
excellent reporting by on truly deplorable men: pickup artists preyed on drunk women &amp; raped them
your story is haunting. trigger warning is totally appropriate.
like, i'd bet money that most ny'ers are more similar to the extras in l&amp;o:svu than they are to... idk, cream cheese elitists?
that article is so embarrassing lol
are they building a fence?
trading platform actually
new in-camera image stabilization activated on left?
nah that's just regular headcam
nope. khameni is a batri. there are nuances. evry thing isn't so cut &amp; dey
islam is black and white. pure hatred.
thank you, alex culver, for sending this cool shot of the boardwalk and sunset!
bay view of same
maybe instead, we could evaluate platforms by looking at expected impact on inequality, poverty, etc. rather than d...
all way too little way too late. the ptb are canonizing the vote for trump because he struck deal w/bis to end america.
happy birthday
thank youuu
recession changed my life. actually almost all jeezy albums have. im also 23 so there's that
wow i aint know you was younger than me i feel old lmao
if president, trump's sanctions against russia could conflict with his business interests, experts say:...
he would put his own interests ahead of the nations. no question the selfish boy wound not do this ...
does it? these will catch a recruit's eyes and he'll go "wow i can go to oregon and dress like a duck! sign me up!"?
bunch of recruits on twitter talking about how they are
baby girl destroyed him haha
tore him wide open. gaped.
why don't they sell colored ! lol it's a great idea!! always black!
...red or white would be awesome color
listening to txr on mail route. heard you talk about k8000,bro i found my lg 4k oled(b6p) 4 only $1995.dontwaste $ on k8000
wow great deal
hbd fam lol wanted to embarrass u
hbd marj the illipino swag is overloadin rn
white people here are given actual life and liberty blacks and other people of color are given the promise
even though whiteness is a false construct it's used as an instrument of impression you should read the history of white people great book
i did. imo, yes it effects poc more, but that's because they represent a disproportionate amount of poor ppl. poor ppl typically
true dat. but look at the names they search for. yes, they could be white but.....
yes i am. something wrong with nationalism?
nope. remind again how nationalism and christianity work together?
george is better at playmaking, ball handles, scoring inside, rebounding, &amp; can play d just as good as anyone
ill take klay on defense because he is can (and has) effectively guard pgs. additionally pg goes mia 2nd half of seasons.
if it's not a house i'm doubling down. ;)
doubt it. montgomery st. is mostly commercial.
all done here! phew! thanks for facebook questions! next stop madison then onto xx
beautiful day in the city. get outside in between.
new headphones!
(they're the ones from sorameso in case anyone was wondering but they're also just damn good headphones)
how lo did these evil motherfucker expect god to do nothing? it's time to stop and frisk these demons
lol yoo the worst niggaz eva horrible pic lol
i already know babes gonna be pissed about not being a scorpio anymore
this list doesn't mean shit im still a scorpio too
one of the big reasons i'm glad to be a mac user is i no longer have to deal with windows.
i'm stuck with windows. real estate appraisal software companies don't make mac versions of the software.
you haven't made it until you've tracked down the double cancel button.
i wonder if that's to allow you to cancel your cancel in case you change your mind about cancelling.
back from school
i hope you're alright !
joke's on you, i have no heart.
he says tipping his hat to hide the tears....lol...
confessions is currently on repeat.. big up!
good lookin playa i appreciate the love
boxing theme at the luncheon was fun. was a great m.c. &amp; ring announcer. don't you a...
i'll have to hire jackie ortiz for my next rochester event. she was great !
it's the first day of fall now to find a pick your own apple orchard in the bay area...
go to apple hill outside of sacramento! it's about a ~3 hour drive from sf but oh so worth it
just ask or or we are on same team. why so tyrannical about #
you 2 are acting like the poots. srb would be proud of you.
the most attractive kind of marketing to be honest
stop feeding my ego, guys! lol
i can definitively say that does zero about double parked ubers in the bike lane, esp on valencia.
this, indeed, makes me angry. i'd happily balance the budget on focus on the five violations.
cam "font choice" newton.
lol uz revealed.
the police, who protect and serve, don't have right to self defense? bad apples in every bunch, but it's not the norm.
how the hell that was self defense? you are full of it!
i don't wanna argue i just want answers on why they can kill someone who gave up and still get paid for it
did you see the video or just the 10 second video news clip? cause he wasn't giving up.
all done here! phew! thanks for facebook questions! next stop madison then onto xx
when will you be at bloomingdales?
i ran into a dozen times and didn't get to buy him a drink. definitely next ona!
another reason to look forward to !
jesus. you still watch news don't you? c'mon man. keep digging. props for leaning green though.
where are you getting your information from? do you want me to enlighten you?
wow!! so beautiful autumn pic thank-you so much(^_^) ": thank you ..you too
my terrace
im so sorry for all the porn, the inappropriate tweets and most importantly for being a bad shitty adult
you are forgiven
maybe instead, we could evaluate platforms by looking at expected impact on inequality, poverty, etc. rather than d...
we're only left w/the seizing of the means of production &amp; distribution as solution to our entrenched fraudster oligarchy.
yes i am. something wrong with nationalism?
tell me, who was the leader of last great nationalist movement? i forgot his name? somewhere in germany maybe?
very true and look at that new color of electric blue cyber. it's blinding.
what's the color of peer powered net culture? many co-opt rainbow (goog, m$, etc). color &amp; branding is fascinating.
coming this monday! !
days and counting. musician# so excited #
. just sent me an email recommending easy. i thought it was reading me and calling me easy. not going to lie, i kinda just took it.
hence why you're so easy.
...these tea instagrams don't need it?
i think a lot of this is skirted around through "brand ambassadors". voluntarily posting, so technically not
george is better at playmaking, ball handles, scoring inside, rebounding, &amp; can play d just as good as anyone
paul george has absolutely no killer instinct at all either. 2015 he went mia in the last game and they missed the playoffs
well shit, you won this round, james. i guess i'm just not good enough to marry the penguin.
i'm sure they'll have a very nice life together
do we know if cuphead got delayed? everything i look up keeps saying 2016.
last i heard was dev
i wish! but we do get to hang out with their team a lot. really cool, smart people.
oh, you didn't get a tesla? mine came with my orientation packet
you guys... i found an anaconda in my garage and i am not ok. nah girl
we had this thing outside of our door. it took up the whole front step!
4) i won't share online, but happy to talk live about my "why"
would love to hear more about this
wells fargo also worst with modifications refused to do them in questionable loans
wells, citibank like b of a steer blacks and others 2 subprime loans per reports
and its not even 10 yet
hey think positive because that money in your pocket and plus you didn't get hurt
if you're not voting or think a protest vote saves your integrity, you're deluded. trump is a sleazy bigoted grifte...
bernie incited stadiums of misinformed young idealists &amp; closeted white boy bigots. now he wants to re-educate them.
one of the main things i have learned in the working world is that if an email is marked "important" it is almost always not very important.
much like beauty, importance of emails is in the eye of the beholder
sharing a little bit of what's on my heart today over .
you're such a great person - you rock, don't ever change
only for dogs, the dogs didn't do anything wrong.
yeah. dogs are innocent. death to 2 legs pathological altruists. death.
yes, but should have said whirlpools.
i thought you may have been revisiting childhood ;)
sounds no nation is under sharia law. also no one is qualified to implement it.
deflection. you are just too smart for me. lol
lmfao. solved until next time. open your. eyes
yes but you can't obsess about it. if you do the terrorists win.
not gonna lie i go thru this thread all the time and swoon over how cute all my twitter friends are
that reminds me i need more goddamn coffee
edelman to edelman. i told u the pats know how to cheat...
flea flicker trick play practice fuck the texans we got this i feel
we sat down for a facebook live chat with star &amp; ambassador to talk season 3:
the starz outlander series is the most romantic work ever presented. sam is great!
hall has good range. converted corner. this isn't last year.
i know that's why i said they fill in while dt is out. solid range just not on dt's level. good depth unlike last year.
honor? they were never taught honor!
ya &amp; no excuses 4 any of us-people not taught early even because jesus no earthly father buton
if apple buys mclaren then maybe google buys williams and microsoft buys ferrari so we can start the glory days of '90s formula one again.
i just want tech that streams the driver view into my . they'll do that ya?
all done here! phew! thanks for facebook questions! next stop madison then onto xx
what time? can we see it on facebook?
the guy's an absolute piece of shit with a giant potty for a mouth. still can;t believe anyone voted for him.
my husband is filipino and his family back home are just beyond upset that he actually won.
we waved back. did you see us?
it was too dark and i was such a long way up. but i did get a warm fuzzy feeling - must have been you waving
no offense meant to the hardworking affiliate reporter, but why would hrc waste time with a hack local yokel?
i think she'd like to win florida
i miss you so much pal
come home please
can't afford versace? snag this great smelling 3.4oz voyage by nautica for only $12--&gt;
i need a clear 7plus case what's up :)
i thought of it as they kept having the faults thrown in their face so they look for perfection else where.
i don't think that's an attainable goal and as long as that's what they're looking for they're going to get disappointed
anyone know if the () community keynote is being broadcast on the web? if so, where?
it is not. but will be available later on demand
really makes you wonder, what's the "endgame" here?
i think it might be "divorce"???
he's also quoted saying israeli settlement "destroyed" all hope of two-state solution. is that a change of stance?
actually, i think he has stated similar comments in the past, always used as a warning that time is running out.
i should've asked. wasted too much time hoping people would pop up.
girl i los my roommates and found two more within a day, and two days before the final change of names. ask next 1
corporate open source anti-pattern that i still see happen today: naming your company and open source project the same thing
peach it! i've been part of that anti - pattern before.
ha. still, difference in tone from that one in north dakota a while back. seemed more focused and conscious of the...
i think being aware that you're giving a speech at an energy conference is a pretty low bar
i'm fucking done with indians hmu if you ain't indian lol
she want a lightskin preferred
this is the 1988 edition of the economist magazine telling the world we would go to digital currency in 2018. see h...
fuck the faux "presidential race" people we still have a bankster "issue". get ready for house cleaning. que torches,pitchforks
noooo i understand why - just don't get why it isn't equally regulated across the board. what makes tea different?
don't think tea specifically is different, depends how willing the company/person to take the risk &amp; if anyone reports them.
1/2 kyle, i think you've been sniffing your students glue - he wasn't god awful, and i never said he was lol but
ummmmm i think you guys are tagging the wrong joe blewett
dyk w disabilities are funny smart witty creative love dance sports music comics tech playing friends they're kids
last night introd j.j. a kid who's all ^^things &amp; his fam hope evry1 c thmselves in j.j. his siblings&amp; how othrs act / react
ily i'm so sorry for your loss and for the idiotic comments you're getting, swear call me they can catch these hands
thank you so much you're the sweetest.
i don't wanna argue i just want answers on why they can kill someone who gave up and still get paid for it
unless youre one of the people on grand jury hearing all of the evidence sitting through the trial you cant decide
here are your lucky 20 !
that's fabulous! kudos to for stellar organization.
there aren't any mullahs in iran. that's a afghan title (sunni country) try again.
such ignorance for a wise ass.
apparently my patronus is uncommon?? well then .
what is it lauraaaaa
those terms aren't used together... :o
i was trying to display a sequence, i'm not bouta drop u a staff lol
enough of the shameless partisanship, senators. and fill the supreme court vacancy.
dear, take a break, it is an election year, well paid liars are busy lobbying. thanks anyway
great. and the day after election day, u can resume this movement &amp; try to build for 2020. but right now, trump must be stopped
wrong, our movement doesn't bow to the corrupt dems. and right now corrupt warmongering hillary must be stopped, too.
: i just noticed that there were some sweaters/tops looked a bit off. tags didn't look authentic, no ponies.
i see. sometimes we receive product in less than perfect condition from designers-but if labeled rl it is 100% authentic!
ooh fancy, she was showing me pics of that like two summers ago!
yeah its really nicely done too she went to some tattoo shop that has its own show in connecticut
i left to build this: . if you tell stories i think we have something you will want to try.
was it only 8 months ago?! 2016 is moving in dog years.
"we'll provide the commercial," lentz said this week. "san francisco will provide the housing." the groans you...
rsvp to coordinate transportation here:
think of the money we'll save on illegals
more than the cost of a wall? plus maintenance? plus staffing? lol you people are bent.
i'd totally let that trade happen. could help both sides given the right situation.
thank you! i let the trade happen but the mike evans owner is a newbie so i thought he was getting trade raped by my bro lol
how do people stay in shape nyc? so much amazing food every few blocks. in 1 week i probably gained 5lbs.
one theory is that they walk a lot more in nyc than other cities
history wasn't your strong suit in school huh?
another deflection.
lmao u like 2 years older than me but u was on for a minute. ever since i was dating rochelle u was poppin
lmao yeah i been on the scene damn near 8 years now
shits crazy bro
this thread contains no lies
our mom taped this i love her
day is consistently the only player this season who never let me down
if brisset goes 20-26, 301,3 tds, 1 int, 2 sacks and a win, i'm gonna be very upset. da fuck he come from
the black guy could do it good game plan
and now i'm somewhere in between like "i'm busy, :3"
that's my girl
hey america! pam is both the most feminist and the most sexual of non-stick cooking sprays. don't act surprised or like that's contradictory
i dunno about you, but i'm turned on...
charlotte police officer sheds a tear. please pray for the police.
ya think maybe blm forgets that many of our men in blue are also black???
off top of my head, cavs still have best lineup v. death lineup: kyrie on steph jr on klay lbj on kd tt on dray whoever on iggy
issue is last year they were able to send help of hb nonstop and went unpunished. can't now
that is for sure one of my favorite parts of day but for me it is 8-9am
likely would be the same for me except i commute down to palo alto most days
for god sakes really... hold on here is a pic of most of their bra...
can't make it up...i loved being called dumb 50 times a day now..i wear it as a badge of honor
can we all say "double standard!" hrc has already proven she's most qualified.
this put her in the captain's chair hillary clinton president of the united states
and we all know this guy is just a little on the quirky side...don't we?
he's one of the mtop philosophy scholars in the country. better than warmonger hilllary who didnt know c means classified
doesn't give a damn! he is the worst president in history! race baiter divider! his legacy, burn, riot!
last term, no need for black support/votes. obama is focusing on more important things
you do babe and i love and thank you for that
the feeling is mutual my lady.
we miss a tweet every now and then, sorry! best bet is the posting in the fb event page.
no worries, thanks for the help!
that's what gets me--it just adds to the putin cult but as a super villian
"today our american partners call me hitler, and the grand godfather of nationalism, what kind of a partner..."
this is typical hater language buddy
not really i think. apple fanboy though and through. but like apple maps, i have just never had luck w siri.
aww i am , just a lil tired .. wby?
i am great as always ! have some rest babyy
even though whiteness is a false construct it's used as an instrument of impression you should read the history of white people great book
this is the book
i tell myself this a few times a week
damn near every night before i go to bed
federally mandated background checks for pressure cookers now
watch them regulate pressure cooker manufacturing but leave gun manufacturing right where it is
foundations passed! vcp6, you are next!
best of luck zane, you got this!
white people wanna be oppressed so bad. this movement isn't about y'all.
maybe you should consider that whites want to support you however, the negative reactions make it very difficult.
trump world has given up the pretense that the audit is sole reason they're not releasing tax returns.
i guarantee he's exaggerating the size of the return.
weird, you didn't seem deaf when we met, yet you enjoy the music of the dead
this is assault
congrats to , lab, &amp; collaborators on publication of first output from the pee project.
. awesome. let me be the first to ask if you considered . you know, sharing a pee-print?
former southerner?? where from? i'm in north alabama :)
charleston, south carolina
thank you for providing that. i have created case and a case manager will review the info and contact you asap.
i appreciate that, thank you.
. looking for the brazen thief in this video. this happened in busy strip mall near google hq. story...
when will people learn not to leave valuables visible in their car? this happens daily now!
seeing this more and more. we did the negative stories about trump. we made the case. the voters don't want it....
it's all for one reason jay. you,me&amp;the boogeyman all know. when "obama"did nothing about systemic fraud in '08 this was "lit"
and he was there for 2 hours until they found him.
that's crazy smh... any clue as to how he passed ?
connected to their subprime lending scam. if drivers default they seize all wages
jesus. i also am sad that many drivers don't seem to count enough of cost of ownership to determine wages
you see this? thinks he already wins the whole afc if he wins tonight. smh
*knows all the marbles are here
if only the people involved would realize this all been planned, race wars,by george soros to take down usa.
are plenty of interviews w/soros telling the world what his goal isdestroy america, kill all jews,af.am.
you guys! there's so much thunder &amp; lightning. i'm scared
aawww must be a plushie thing. to be scared at loud noises and bumps at 38000ft
likely would be the same for me except i commute down to palo alto most days
and i have a thing against setting my alarm for a diff time on days i'm in pa vs staying in sf...
: i just noticed that there were some sweaters/tops looked a bit off. tags didn't look authentic, no ponies.
if you notice the same thing in the future, please send pictures! we appreciate you bringing it to our attention.
right? at least we were still blessed with them
that's a fact
getting ready for my annual macy gray binge, please feel free to join in
proceed. also:
where is this man? this is amazing
in for this set. you can see a lot more on my instagram -
this "4 days" credo is some cutco-culty mantra theyre using to program their idiot staffers. this lady totally bought into it
i mean, let's be frank, clintonesque-liberalism is basically a multilevel marketing scam
the nice thing about working in a legal office is all of the resources i have at my disposal xd how is your suit going?
i sent a demand letter, she sent a bs response. i want to file it soon. i'm still doing research and consultations.
what's a prolapse? is that that ass hanging out thing the doctor treated you for?
it's your nickname in a+e
my first dog was a bassett hound, how did they know...?
i'm worried that mine will be a cat that can't be bothered to help against dementors
crockpot? really?
looks more like a crockpot but it certainly could be a pressure cooker. idk? you decide
"today our american partners call me hitler, and the grand godfather of nationalism, what kind of a partner..."
as you know they face a quite grim medium term outlook to navigate, this is manna dropping down
white people wanna be oppressed so bad. this movement isn't about y'all.
the fear that poc feel while being stopped by the police is the comparable to the fear a white person would have protesting
i believe the vast majority of espn analysts, anchors &amp; reporters are very credible. then there's dilfer &amp; his exec...
some are okay. some are just hot takers. and espn really blew it with grantland and bill simmons.
as of yesterday is 3.83 million miles (6.17 million kilometers) from earth. one-way light time is 20 seconds.
hi dante! thank you for continuing to update the distance and speed... students loving to follow this!!!!!
lol those three albums are not "classics"
lol wrong tweet
i was luck enough to get a copy from gretchen via and it looks fantastic.
i was excited when sarah &amp; i talked &amp; she said she knew you. was happy to send a copy!
look out guys, we got a badass on our hands.
wait. who the fuck is becky?
vincent d'onofrio in the magnificent seven is beyond your wildest dreams,
im on board for this!
"the pace of innovation at this company has been tremendous," a linkedin employee just told the crowd with a straight face
linkedin is introducing breaking news alerts to compensate for the engagement it lost when it reduced email spam
except for the life of me i could not figure out how to switch cities.
profile then click on it under your name -still needs work to be more intuitive but wow much better than before
deal- bring the mimosas
that wasn't even a question ;)
not sure how i feel about this season ;(
you're kidding me! i was so scared last night i was a second from not being able to handle it
no no no. full spectrum. from now on, full spectrum is just minty fresh green. those other colors aren't cyber.
smart city expert-hucksters like aqua cobalt blue. crayola should make a box of all the cyber blues, for cyber kids.
firetrucks have just left the scene and people are being allowed to walk through the intersection. all seem to point to being good signs.
thanks for the live coverage.
yeah but i usually play it on my ipad lmao
wait what ? how ? lmao. i only play it for ps4
excellent article using data and expert interviews w/ , &amp; .
probably wasn't room in the piece, but i also suggested the poll misunderstands nones some b/c it focused on belief
ha! per a.lynn, roman had 35 runs and 32 passes booked for each game - you dont even run that many plays!
jets coaches would get fired after two years because this isn't a circus because we got rid of the head clown
sure and a big will be on dray for steph-dray pnrs. easier last yr with both harry and andre as hiding places
right, you need an incredibly mobile big like tt or ibaka, which iss still worse than lbj or kd but functional
like i can't tell which matsu it's supposed to be but i assure u he will not be of much comfort unless maybe it's kara
looked like totty though. totty only care about totty i am sorry cute child who drew this
breaking: crazy old lady screams at camera! "why aren't i 50 points ahead!"
she's going to blow at the debates. she's so comical
harvard study: policy issues nearly absent in presidential campaign coverage via :
policy is boring. the media has to make a profit. ratings =&gt; profit. there4, the media doesn't discuss policy. qed
add your name now to join the millions of americans who are with hillary all the way to the white house!
what ever it takes for her 2 be president
also are very comfortable calling trump supporters backwoods trailer trash. so which is it?
they don't wanna admit the rich are bad
there are so many seasons tho
it's okay you can do it, one step at a time! before you know it you'll be in binge
peter they make it up as they go along spewing insults &amp; no facts to back up their negativity abt hillary. sad
we can start at the white water scandal and go from there..i warn you tho it might take week to get to all of them..lol
when u meet ur twitter bae irl and she tell you she only fav'd your tweets cuz u funny but you too ugly to rt but t...
pretty much me and
someone let me know where i can get a good fish taco in ttown
i respect this tweet
say it again for the multibillion dollar tech companies offering to pay with gift cards and "exposure" in the back.
this is why i love them. they walk the walk
weird how ppl say my two year old son is a "flirt" when he puts his head in a small girls lap but mentioning a genderqueer 6 yo is "awkward"
wack double standards in this society like whoa
cool, never been but been told i should fix that. did you escape obsession with cfb and nascar?
cfb was a necessity to make small talk. i lived near a nascar track in my youth, but hate it with a passion
watch out, i might kneel during the anthem, then what will you do?
live my life without giving a shit. oh noes! now what will you do to get attention?
he could help calm the situation down since he is the 1st aa president. he doesn't seem to really care about their problems.
he is in his last term and does not need the black vote anymore. now focusing on golfing.
for sale soon. fits a lot of heights and weights link once he's up
such a cutie &lt;3
students, non-students, just a heads up: 'stationary' = something standing still, 'stationery' = letterheads, envelopes, etc
eric, "guess" a prediction for something "guest" an invited person
suck my salvia
only if you haven't been eating lettuce
we have clinton ahead in cary by a fairly ludicrous 51 to 27 percent margin. it was close in '12.
i'm originally from nc and that's hilarious.
i'm gonna be late to class but i don't care bc i literally need water, coffee and food. i'm hungry and pissed for whatever reason.
i'm tired af, too. i'm tired of y'all boys trying me!
did the bead splash? what % milk? what kinda cereal? need context
yes it splashed. almond milk and granola
tigers/twins under 10 play is for doubleheader game 1. second game of doubleheader has an over/under of 8 so there should be no confusion!
damm to late i got the over in the tigers game
cute boys come roll me blunts plz
omg same. and then after said cute boys can roll up in my bed
they're winning battles. i still plan for them to lose the war......
+100 to that
i've already read this piece three times. is a queen.
but it's so long!
lots of walking there forsure
we are walking at&amp;t park for a tour and a couple of other places
all them burns on your skin jesuu
yeah the sun in punta cana is no joke i had a really bad sunburn
missing out on the 'worlds largest potluck'
we are breaking that record in november in florida.
mayor: "we want a full, transparent investigation" police chief: "i promised transparency, not full transparency" unbelievable!
is the doj coming in? they need to. thanks for spreading the truth about the . stay safe
is that dog holding its nuts?
she's saying, "i've got your patriarchy right here."
dep. chief ali from sfpd-"it is not a danger. we're standing down. it was a rice cooker under a bus stop." officers...
homeland security responded to bomb threat at mission and south van ness this morning
patriots and the under.
u don't have faith in the texans
anyone online on ps4 rn that is really really good at bo3 zombies shadows of evil map? me and a friend need help haha
we really should play again sometime.
hey so what are we?
breathing animals, living creatures, god's children tf you mean!
yeah it's.... not good
now that we have a garage, we are using tncs less. also helps that n is almost as fast inbound
everyone hit her up she's lonely
hate you but love you
what's good foo cx
what's good my boi
if i've ever been more attracted to eye brows idk when
enchantress
if it was on purpose then kudos on the awesome prank
that is awesome.
we love this 2010 interview with , who is playing helene opposite in ...
dreams do come true!!!!!!
can't wait for these hoodies for the team.
i want oneeeee
when u not haha jk
lol i'm always missing her
i'd like to investigate this. dm me more details, your wife's full name, phone number, and address (no acct numbers). ^pc
hell no. you're not getting more of our info. you've been doing this for years to her. you're the worst.
gta has apps in the app store lol it's actually lit
lmk if u get on the ps4 i'll jump on too. i haven't played in a minute
in this electoral college scenario, if trump wins maine statewide plus the second congressional district -- still n...
dems screwed this all up so bigtime we're going to get djt! he has no plans &amp; the banks are outta"chips"so we'll have riots/looting
in your face, creationists. this is evolution in action right here.
damn nature you scary.
haters will say you tweeted this twice by accident
wow and both got solid likes
this is all getting too much
it's not a year i think anyone wants to repeat.
this is what socially responsible public comment sounds like. it's a language trumps don't understand.
yay for skittles
foundation of their campaign mantra, pander phobias and insults.
really now...so you're going to tell me she's an honest and trustworthy candidate,omg i can't .lol
i decided not to take any ap classes in high school and i think that was one of the best decisions i made about my...
learning is about more than just memorizing facts and tying to get a 5 on an ap test.
i always thought they went down rather than across but idk...
your mom always goes do
i was excited when sarah &amp; i talked &amp; she said she knew you. was happy to send a copy!
also, i'm surrounded by bears &amp; ducks over here so it's nice to virtually connect w/another tree :-)
now she's resigned, but i doubt she regrets her comments.
she can't hold a straight face with that lie
sorry but what is "mask heterosexual expropriation" mean? should i get turned on or scared.
i care a little less if i die now
because nobody rationalize things anymore he wasn't doing anything his car broke down lol
all of these incidents wouldve ended peacefully if they listened to what they were told.not a hard concept for most
clinton: 'why aren't i 50 points ahead?' doesn't she sound &amp; look like a nutcase? if u want a tax $ huge deficit hrc
spends $$$ conservatively-as he will do with our country- will tax and spend causing huge deficit
donald trump is really good at spending other people's money-on: legal settlements. payoffs. portraits of himself.
- tell us about hati! , ,
you got it. maybe we can just go after sufferfest? i'm too excited to practically die again to miss it
sounds good
excellent article using data and expert interviews w/ , &amp; .
i noted that many nones get interested in other spiritual/religious experiences, not just bored w/ religion
in 2163 the planet will be a wasteland of nuclear fallout and oracle will still be trying to sue google
i'm betting on the heat death of the universe coming before the suit is resolved...
. and ...mind helping us with a rt? are you a sales rep and at work? how many tabs do you have open right now?
always! !
nyc/nj bombing suspect rahami's notebook full of al-qaeda, jihadist messages
the only way to handle him is to revoke his citizenship..
has it gotten to the point in america where one needs to be armed to survive?
yes. yes it has.
i'm so serious!! ugh. i'm losing touching with season start/end times as i try to avoid commercials
it will be better if binged, i bet. tho it was really enjoyable, in my humble opinion.
nyc really abusing the emergency cellphone alert right now.
i couldn't have survived without that news
it's officially fall.
new york missed the memo....haha
dammit that's even worse bc they're usually not therw
y'all just jealous of our fucking alpha ass animals out here foh
not in ne...devil magic up there
i'm praying jj watt crushes brissett
lol, of course they do. boston is one of the most racist major cities in our country.
im gonna assume neither of you guys took time to actually read the article?
some lady on some talk show mommy was watching didn't know her either
that would probably be wendy. mom sometimes watches wendy. who i kinda like, but her mannerisms are too much.
sharpton, obama and the rest of black so called leaders played blacks for fools whilst they get rich , wake up fool
an ugly truth it is!
no wonder their city is burning. no wonder their community does not trust police.
charlotte air smells very fishy
love this
thank you
breaking: house panel voted to hold bryan pagliano, 's former it staffer, in contempt of congress fo...
so along with the 1st, 2nd, 4th, and 8th amendment, you think we should abolish the 5th now? how are you people in office?
hey when you get to 100 dumbs a day you will be promoted to sos like hillary
it's hysterical because that's all they have...you'd think by now they'd be a little more original..
some days you wake up and think to yourself "this period of my life will be great fodder for a gdc talk"
the question is, how do you remember what you did in the tempest of shit going on
too lit. thats a drake like run my nigga. 8 years in the same and still lit. thats equivalent to 8 platinum albums
lmaoooo nah nah im on hiatus right now. im coming back with a classic for sure though... working on it
think some people need to leave the confines of orchard park, ny and gain a little worldview.
the oversimplification of issues that white suburbia will never experience and refuse to attempt to understand is genuinely baffling.
shoutout to for this great video designed to help their drivers better share the road with people on bikes.
thanks for helping to make these videos happen . and for making sure they were thoughtful &amp; thorough.
trump used money from charitable foundation to settle legal disputes
nice scowl, do you still want to be my husband? i love you, not really, you cheated donnie.
so true! been awefully hard sitting through biology this semester if we came from monkeys, why are they still here!?
so you really just have to sit there and not pay attention?
big news: we partnered with to share safety tips with hundreds of thousands of people on bay area streets.
"share safety tips" but no promise by to act on complaints of endangering cyclists in driver reviews??
ummm specially me
lmao without a doubt
been on hold with for 20 minutes. seeing how long i can hold for!
. 30 minutes!
don't let her bring it to school the common core infiltrated by muslims careful.
nj shore recent news teacher making kids follow muslim cleansing ritual in public school- parents outraged.
any evidence/experience w/ weight based/alternative epi dosing in adult cardiac arrest?
has talked about targeted dosing of epi, some good resources here:
johnny depp is also not a pirate. sorry you had to hear that from me.
you don't understand the hard work, discipline, and dedication dancers put into their work. it's embarrassing..
totally sunburned but awesome times goofing around w/kristi last night on
glad your time on the beach is so awesome
also why my commute to work has been hell for four months.
at least i can't see daylight through the road surface any more
blame the media for many americans not having an idea of what life would be like not just for blacks but all americ...
i was raised in the south in the fifties i see donald trump all over again always in the back door
in this electoral college scenario, if trump wins maine statewide plus the second congressional district -- still n...
after riots&amp;looting trump will figure out people outnumber his"cops"365-1 and will then go after bis,cause ppl already know it all.
apologies. please dm us with your order number and email address so we can try to look into this for you. thank you!
hello, could i get a response to my dm please?
when did you switch to xones? thought you were a djm guy?
dude i wish these where in the clubs!!
breaking: crazy old lady screams at camera! "why aren't i 50 points ahead!"
spends $$$ conservatively-as he will do with our country-hillary will tax and spend causing huge deficit
i'll say a little prayer for you and your baby.
thanks, matt :)
i always assume this is a given, but it isnt unfortunately. thanks comrade
everywhere i look i see fake woke neoliberals flexing their "anti-racist" sentiments &amp; they need calling out, loud as f
trump speaking now on unrest in charlotte, saying america needs "unity" but "how can we lead when we can't even control our own cities?"
in trump's case, we can't even control our own mouths.
when you can't even have a stalled vehicle while black in america good god
this is insane. what is a realistic solution? this can't continue
that did not take long! just one tweet to him or her, and their hatred of jews has surfaced.
thanks! he already blocked me.
current bench work and thanks to the owner for giving us permission to share with the world! ...
oooooh neat
current status is i'm an 80 year old woman with back spasms
at least you still got moves
corporate media elites dislike my unabashed advocacy. i don't really care. my focus is the grassroots. and i thank them every day.
and we thank you for always correcting the record, and shining a light on media hypocrisy.
notice that i said "salvia" which is a drug and not my spit please parse my tweets more judiciously
damn. i've been owned
i'd tell you about the gay guy i introduced to bottoming, but he'd probably rather i not. getting the point yet?
can't get at all nuances in 1 tweet but the cultural statement is true nonetheless.
that did not take long! just one tweet to him or her, and their hatred of jews has surfaced.
thanks mate! he already blocked me.
happy birthday , thank you for all that you do for us.
thank you jose! so nice of you!!!
31 amazing followers in the last day and there will be more tomorrow. growing with
glenn thx-followed u-feel free me 2 too! appreciate ur ideas=! lets be efficient-real knowing we can help each-we're capable
i'll let you know when it's done! :-)
sounds good!
australian here - you convinced me to give ncaa a shot, watched nationals and now i'm hooked. have to choose a team!
as an aussie you have to root for oregon state because olivia vivian went there.
this was the easiest os upgrade i've experienced, which is surprising considering all that this one did.
what do you mean? i barely notice a difference. it seems very feature-lite.
you're so poetic
i miss you
umm we did. what's your point?
they ruled in favor of the defendant and dismissed his case saying he could run from the police if innocent lol
pakistanis trended hashtags. indians replied on tv. pakistanis called for peace and termed the hashtag people "non stare actors"
i played a very important role in destroying india's first line of twitter defense.
hahaha u have some serious serious issues......
the walrus is the best part
my girlfriend is filipino as well :). people there are seething at electing a massive clown. the guy also makes rape jokes.
not even going into his disgusting policies.
learning is about more than just memorizing facts and tying to get a 5 on an ap test.
it's about becoming prepared to go out into the world and think for yourself.
stop tweeting and do ur homework
you don't understand the level of procrastination i'm at rn
finally watching ... i know, i know
don't feel bad sweetie i have only watched season 1
indian rage is more at the temerity of pakpm raising indian kashmir atrocities rather than the atrocities themselves.misconceived patriotism
this is the man they thought was their inside man :p
on air: is the media struggling with this unusual election cycle? hear online
never would have occurred without the "unusual " failure in the white house!
no! let the raccoon man have his uneven stubble!!
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ok bc you said raccoon its cute now
can't get at all nuances in 1 tweet but the cultural statement is true nonetheless.
sorry you're bummed about your boy tho.
look it's u
truuuuuuuu
this group did the same , led by late (gropez) no demonstration , y?
hush $$ checkbook was open family to and other groups and elected officials, open the books.
i was at the bar playin pinball last night and i met this cotton ball named cheeseburger omg ilu cheeseburger
i boosted cheese 's lighting a little bit. he cute.
white privilege is a lie perpetuated by the democratic party and liberal media to guilt millenials into voting for them.
. i disagree. i think the democratic party is swimming in white privilege. one black president then it's back to biz as usual.
who wants to haikyu party with dylan and me? could probably do three episodes for each season.
when are you recording this, i could probably way some of it if it's not for a little while.
that is all trump supporters have..because they refuse to believe in facts
facts? let's see...what facts of hill's corruption would you like to start with? white water sound good??
congrats on your new album!!
thx my love
same. all the fights and arguments i had about girls vs boys when i was younger have me amped
yes middle school me is living for this moment
on my way to ! i will miss you
awwww corinne it was so great meeting you! keep in touch xxx
it's a good start. but any such list must include the pendleton game (9/11/87) and the scioscia game (1988 nlcs g4).
if no playoffs this will be the worst regular season loss since the pendleton game. scioscia was playoffs different category
good work sir :) now how did you get there. i need to level mine up from 352 tonight :)
farm omni on 320 from the director. she drops up to 365. then save your keys and do a 350 strike for artifact
bernie incited stadiums of misinformed young idealists &amp; closeted white boy bigots. now he wants to re-educate them.
bernie loves his family &amp; his country &amp; he wants his voters to choose hillary, the only qualified person for
he did but let's say he didn't i'm almost positive correct me if i'm wrong if they don't listen you use force
i'm not gonna argue with you about anymore dude
bout to fail my test that i can't bring myself to study for but at least i found out my patronus is a crow. true pr...
omg jealous. mine is an ocicat
they are not thugs, they are protestors. if white people were being murdered by black cops, would you riot??
yes fyi did just that. the bigger question is have you? or are you just criticizing blm?
breaking: crazy old lady screams at camera! "why aren't i 50 points ahead!"
my bc's! hope you have a nice day
first elected black governor: clinton takes black vote for granted
at least she remembers about slavery.
trump: "we need a national anti crime agenda to make our cities safe again."
is he offering a specif plan or is that just something he came up with?
i hope your okay!
oh i'm totally fine! really was just an observation!
due to scheduling issues we will be recording the podcast tonight...what should we discuss on tonight's show?
destiny: rise of iron thoughts so far from the bros?
farm omni on 320 from the director. she drops up to 365. then save your keys and do a 350 strike for artifact
after that it's all exotic engrams and packages
sweet, got a free i3 (2nd or 3rd gen) 8gb ram, fractal case. i got plans for this stuff.
free99? also lucky!
why does the gop establishment support trump despite all he says and does? because as president, he'd do things lik...
great idea like all the rest he comes up with. use to joke about moving to dif country, not joking anymore. man is deranged
hopefully you're right lol your media coverage almost guarantees things will eventually get blown out of proportion
yes because the media is a joke.. that has nothing to do with the front office..
good morning, . want another scrambled code? give us the answer and win a prize at the incapsula booth!
i found it ! content delivery network .
i hope you work for the ending of palestinian terrorism in israel as well.
that sounds like an oxymoron. as an israeli citizen why would i not. i always find such comments are quite strange.
when there's 3 police officers in ur job bc there's a dangerous schizophrenic missing by us rip me
surprise the persons actually me
at least i can't see daylight through the road surface any more
don't worry.
that you get the real trump. nothing hidden. do you think you know other politicians? they hide everything (2/2)
i don't care, don't like it when he trashes our country. his whole campaign has been negative and lacks substance
also, i'm surrounded by bears &amp; ducks over here so it's nice to virtually connect w/another tree :-)
tho i have way more bear friends &amp; go to more cal games so i've half switched sides already
was the like for shopify or wework?
shopify! huge fan!
veterans' affairs 3/06/2015 hr 969 referred to the subcommittee on disability assistance and memorial affairs.
that's the death sentence for a bill
just realized i'm fortunate enough to share my birthday with ! makes today infinitely cooler! happy birthday!
oh my goodness!!! happy birthday michael!!!
how do you make messages blurry on the update, i'm so confused
hold down the send button
student guided tour of for . the most famous person i got in my school was only...
we had the late, great stormy rottman! best assembly ever.
betting is now open on what prop bibi brings with him to his speech this time around. i repeat, betting is officially open.
faux-indignation.
donald trump is really good at spending other people's money-on: legal settlements. payoffs. portraits of himself.
trump should have played the lead instead of danny dewitt in "other people's money". sure, he's a "small" man as well.
crickets...
nicole played better than paul (everybody) the last third of the game. i'm not a nic fan btw
corporate has issued a temporary suspension of "no hugs" policy this morning for u
aww, thanks boss
who needs money with friends like these? get ready for , a new series starting 9/28....
good idea changing it at the last minute from "booty show".
y'all need to fact check. russians do not have papers to export uranium from the us.
y'all need to fact check. the nyt article made it clear putin now owns the uranium &amp; has access to it:
holy crap, hillary has lost it! she screams in this video "why aren't i 50 points ahead?"
spends $$$ conservatively-as he will do w/ our country-hillary will tax and spend causing huge deficit
if no playoffs this will be the worst regular season loss since the pendleton game. scioscia was playoffs different category
i have to add the glavine game in '07 was pretty bad
why this is such a common sight on the island ---&gt;
really cool read. one man gathers what another man spills...
family of man shot in tulsa, sharpton call for 'national day of justice' --
racist scum is at it again, never seen in , afraid he will come back in a box.
a white dude just mansplained arabs to me. this is the kind of day it's gonna be? i better get someone with more patience to tweet for me.
stay strong lexi!
great blog post! pass my congrats to the team, i know how much work went into it. the story of vmware blast:
i will, thanks!
far from it lol last time i checked i thought thats what our soldiers were fighting for but the ppl here seem to violate that
not even just soldiers our forefathers fought so we could be equal and of course we get half of what we earned
the ending was a joke nobody understands why they broke them up!
this is the biggest mistake they could have made. they have damaged the show beyond repair.
no need for poor sonia, please. there is nothing poor about me. i'm a beautiful woman who got called unattractive
....run to .now that's a good match
she was a good worker stuck w/ a terrible gimmick
,meh.. i was never a fan
his legacy? one of the safest 8 year periods in american history.
not for african americans.
we'll unleash an energy revolution--&gt; "it will be a future of conservation, of prosperity, and of great success!"
says the guy who keeps promising to bring back coal jobs incorrectly.
you were a performative. thanks for the demo! undressing you publicly was my pleasure. next time don't try punching...
lol who is this person and why am i blocked by them haha
is one of these going to hit me on the ski slope?
yes, they may. you know those sharp, pointy grills people put up to prevent birds from landing on stuff? your next buy.
one of the best nights of my life
and of course
clasified: seeking a cutie with a booty that would like go to the rhcp concert come february 15. must be single and available.
just realized thats the day after valentine's day. i think you should probably mention that there's a gift included.
wow amazing congrats. truly well deserved. x
thanks angela! i can't explain how much it means to me. learnt what great person-centered-care looks/feels like from
i've actually never tried salvia
me neither, but i'm tea total, so i'm not gonna
someone photoshop that hamdog between them plz
lady and the trump.
only nigga i ever looked up to --&gt; bro too real
call up my nigga fat boy chubz he up on everything
just gonna skip the part where i got so drunk i blacked out, hit my head, and woke up in the hospital four days before graduation.
s/o st luke's medical center
no good. hoping for the best. hug her tight.
thank you!!! i will!!! every chance i get!!!!
unigrid is mentioned, so i'm okay with the title
wat?! puns are one of my favorite things about
he's a constitutional scholar, you know.
is professional.... he got bachelors in and got masters
statistically we do get killed more than blacks by cops. looting is protest? shooting fellow protesters in the street?
numerically cops kill more white pol. we outnumber black people 8 to 2, so.
murda mook literally lit up the beat in with funk flex [video]
yoooooooooo spit fire
: health insurance broker from ga is surprised that is not a bigger issue in ...
it isn't a big issue because the taxpayer got scammed by a,corrupt govt
you would be great to run our country i need to ask one question how is mr trump still high in the polls with you ?
because there many stupid ignorant racist bigoted people ....
it's about becoming prepared to go out into the world and think for yourself.
success isn't getting a 5 on an ap or being a straight-a student. it's being a good human being.
totes. its probably like the highlight of my day .... every day
have fun cleaning up. lol.
legs feeling super lethargic right now after this partner wod. it was a good one though.
spent most of yesterday in a fog. wasn't sure how i drove home!
beating man begging for mercy in parking garage. credit:lenard ben...
these are not humans these are what a disgrace and i blame farce
you are not debating you are calling names and making no sense see you on nov 9 and you will be crying
lol..you hrc supporters do nothing other than call names, just like your queen..let's debate i have facts all day,..i'll wait
who is gleb? he should be rasputin?
wait stage anastasia doesn't have rasputin???? so scratch that i guess
why not? they're all unique. israel's came about from a defensive war and involves a territory used to launch hundreds, &gt;&gt;
i teach the conflict. i understand the conflict well. thanks.
oh what are u playing?
ufc 2 until i go to class at 1
but... shouldn't we?
this has to happen. he's never held accountable. he needs to b called out in front of americans. his supporters only hear him
na she was deadass bro
lmaoo shut up
right, they keep tryna tie the baby into some sexual thoughts on some predator type shit when really its exclusivel...
don't give af a baby around you bitch.
how did the duel between ahsoka and vader end?
well she didn't die..tell you that much
success isn't getting a 5 on an ap or being a straight-a student. it's being a good human being.
i'm glad that i made that realization when i was still relatively young.
where does what i said say anything different than what u just said?
his heading for it implied one thing that was the exact opposite of what the article said and you agreed.
i was def on cloud 9 also fucking had like 10 joints rolled
my favorite memory this year was when we all had our moment n photoshoot &lt;3
i find many people hating . they should read their . 'i bless those who bless you &amp; curse those that curse you'.
unfortunately it is easier for some people to blame israel and instead of the worldwide infection called islam.
i "missed" the cutoff for being a leo by one day... i'm aug 9. f the new sign
i'll literally never acknowledge it. makes me salty af
dear christ this is awkward. (i realize that's intentional)
did you see the one he did with obama? it went really well and had the exact same tone. interesting to see people react differently.
happy birthday tori (vicky)
don't u dare call me that again ...but thank you love you
this country doesn't need someone like her as president
we gotta hope the american people smartened up by now to see that. we just gotta hope all the republicans get out and vote.
. here jd fist ones on me take care
lol thanks a lot, richard! cheers!
come back to ny then!
i really want 2! miss u!
my sis got a book yall
lmao she said she was working on it
i wanted paul to win because he was just more exciting to watch. nicole's gameplay was fantastic, just less fun lol
me too, especially because he was a newbie. went from the minority alliance week 1 to the fin 2 figuring it out along the way
is just one week away! rsvp for our online chat with , , and :
the link is coming up broken for me :(
wait stage anastasia doesn't have rasputin???? so scratch that i guess
what is the conflict without rasputin? is gleb the new villain? color me intrigued.
o she made a mistake. shit happens. blacks kill each other intentionally by the dozens every day
shit happens? someone is dead at the hands of a public servant who's job it is to protect and serve.
in honor of one million followers, we're giving away these signed jerseys. who wants one?
never won anything from the jets before, so now seems like a great time to start
regrets for any confusion. q70 select bus service is scheduled to launch this sunday, 9/25. ^bd
glad to hear that. but there should at least be temporary signs that say "don't pay here for the q70 until sunday"
spending cuts could be made to state budgets
i believe education is important but money outweighs the right of free school because of budget cuts and cunfusion
you can't blame your genes if you don't lose weight, study finds
that's just one gene. from our very limited dataset there are others that do interact with exercise... but we need higher n
statistically we do get killed more than blacks by cops. looting is protest? shooting fellow protesters in the street?
statistically speaking, black ppl are much more likely to be shot by cops. black teens = 18x more likely.
what gift are you referring to?
well i'm assuming you're buying whoever it is that sacrifices themselves to you a gift for valentine's day rolando.
far from today. few months.
cool, i'll do it if that ok, i was thing about watching it anyways.
where does what i said say anything different than what u just said?
he said boston sc ruled one way and you said "of course they did, they racist", but they ruled the other way.
you'll find pink, blue, purple, green, red, orange, and grey in our toys - and our main "brand color" is actually yellow!
thanks for the tweet &amp; sharing out info. glad to hear it &amp; i will definitely check it out.
they there. many of y'all not listening and seem to only want that once tragedy occurs.
the direction and focus of the music, at least in pop culture has changed. it less lyrical, more about rhythm in pop culture.
i'm here, new york! where are the bagels?
absolute, by my house. we will go to there.
professor of history elaine pagels receives her medal from !
*professor of religion
i read this tweet like "bros" was a unit of time
"it took 20 bros for me to fall asleep last night" is all i could think
us tweeps, are you registered to vote? here's a list of deadlines by state: away on 11/8? check into absentee voting
my town requires excuse sadly. so much mail gets lost so don't trust it. nov 8 first one in line.
oh honey step inside the circle of trust i cry at cereal ads with happy families
oh my god and that budweiser commercial where the dog is waiting at home for his person--
smart node evictions in 12.2 oracle rac using node weighting with secondary failure and manual overrides ...
can i find these slides online somewhere?
dear , let's work. best, alex
please make this happen
scammed me for $180. must rt &amp; like this tweet! doing $45 pizza giveaway if you rt &amp; like, picking winner in few hours!
why would you buy off him if you the plug
happy birthday shannon!! thank you for everything
thank you so much pratima! so sweet!
anyone have nay news on this? we can see the police outside our window on 20th street (5th &amp; 6th), but can't tell i...
street is closed off
once a supporter of fracking, now panders to the far left at the expense of american energy...
solar, wind, no reliance on fossil fuels. it's called the future. try it sometime.
oh my god and that budweiser commercial where the dog is waiting at home for his person--
and person comes home the next day and the dog is so happy and ughhhhhh
nice! walk along the pier, its beautiful
we were walking the pier in front of the ice cream shop the san fran martime historic park
this is just great. scroll down and take 5 minutes to read the speech does nothing ever change?
ty.very interesting..
the one on the left was def feeling a big black beautiful woman
see. lying to themselves
they there. many of y'all not listening and seem to only want that once tragedy occurs.
i really miss the hip hop of the 1990s a lot because of that. mainstream hip hop was an almost unknowing political movement.
||yes, personally i don't care for her as an actress and especially maddison's character. i would never wish harm-
ty andrea for backing me you &amp; i know that 1st post was for laughs; somehow twisted it to make me a villain
no rasputin, it works with the way they handle it, but i didn't love it
i forgot you had seen it! did you not love the production as a whole?
this is not a joke: calvin pryor nearly star of bachelor-themed tv show.
hilarious that he thought his gf would let him do it. :)
progress on the final boss fight.
my jaw just hit the floor! just incredible looking!
the fact that its already october next week lol i didn't realize until now
yeah the purpose tour is going to go by so quick
__why does this exist anyway_even spouses and kids turn their parents in and explain that__trump trumps
spouses and kids turning their parents in sounds just like russia under trump's pal kgb vlad putin.
if colin kapernick sat out the anthem in the name of obama being foreign born he'd be a hero to his haters.
thats a great notion!
supporting @ old westbury gardens
looking great!
thank you for the delicious wine!
thanks for visiting us!
or we can talk about the rape case against trump or the fraud case is your guy so perfect?
omg rape case, you mean the one with zero facts...let's discuss billy...he's a champion of women right..omg i can't..lol
do i skip the game tmrw or saturday to go car shopping?
skip our game? to car shop? during a postseason push?
they can't even protest together without killing each other. where are the protests on black on black crime??
that isn't confirmed. folks on the ground said it was a rubber bullet = cops shot him. riot cops escalated violence
stayed up twice past 12 these past few weeks playing video games. back to the old me
i did this last night and had work at 6 i showed up at 6:40
. to colorado women's alliance: "all issues are women's issues" &amp; trump will provide the jobs, strength...
so she was able to start using 's slogan? nice work.
gm! would like to connect at fincon. will shoot over info or you can tweet him. happy day!
thanks, nadine. hi ! love to connect.
well this just got awkward &amp; uncomfortable!!! yea ... you think?! ...
huge mistake. the show will not recover from it.
trump jr: "a lot in a 12,000-page tax return that wouldn't make sense to open up"
not your call. let the american citizen decide what's relevant so release the taxes did!
i meant write plz kill me
there we go
so proud to have guest edited billboard's massive 100 greatest music books piece. there were so many wonderful...
and you're just the journalist who know his stuff! kudos!
do you like the kat von d foundation
only good w beauty blender but yeah
they there. many of y'all not listening and seem to only want that once tragedy occurs.
i find what's there now...but as naturally things happen it's harder to find lyrics as meaningful as mos and you, biggie, etc.
how would you react?
ask her to pay last year's rent?
mixed feelings about the . i love the season, but it is also the opening act of my least favorite season - winter.
i've found that i enjoy things about all seasons, though that might be b/c i'm lucky to live somewhere with mild winters
heh luckily we didn't state start of fall then :)
no, the fall equinox started a free hours ago. :d
no way i didn't know that
no drugs, alcohol, nothing
who wants to see me school in a rap battle?
,wants to see yll together ;) ...great spin off
you're right.. it's very rarely helpful.
but on an individual level, i sooooo agree, and get cranky w others' excuses :)
mixed feelings about the . i love the season, but it is also the opening act of my least favorite season - winter.
what're the winters in mississippi like?
anyone else in new york suddenly craving ziti for dinner?
is this like the east coast equivalent of the "earthquake?" tweet?
well most weeks...bet against them if you want to
why yall have so much confident in brisett
"the folly of the protest vote"- the problem isn't some voting their conscience, the problem is too many cowards not voting their conscience
if political group wants to make a difference, start by building a viable party that elects mayors, governors, congressional reps.
open secret: spending on "smart cities" has always been driven by security and surveillance
just like space exploration has been fueled by military preparedness
they have done it to me before, dumb as dirt they are
dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb...omg you're so weak..funny tho.
have to say, after an hour i'm way more enthused about iphone 7 upgrade than i was the 6s, which "sold" itself much better in the keynote.
did you get the plus? my buddy that works at the apple store said demand is off the charts. higher than last 2 cycles.
protesters racially attack two white sisters roles reversed, this would be a national news story
paul we need less outrage and more calm solutions here. you are way too fanatical.
nothing against dwayne johnson. but really can't stand hollywood with all these awful remakes of great films. your thoughts ?
they're unnecessary for sure. curious how they will be but mostly indifferent about it
hillary will be more of the last 8 years. for better and worse. trump is the most dangerously unqualified candidate in history
hillary will be the horrific corrupt warmonger she's been the last 8 years, but she'll be worse because of more power. uhuh
show off your assets with - check out my jockstrap and trunk review right here!
nice vid i really need a pair of the whites
they there. many of y'all not listening and seem to only want that once tragedy occurs.
sorry for the multi tweets though. you are a master of your craft man!
in that case, you definitely should! we'd love to have you next time you're in the city. ;)
you got it!
i have a really hard time getting along with people who aren't trying to realize their dreams.
i have a hard time getting along with people who aren't animals or goofy weirdos, soooo... *shrug*
"daddy doesn't buy himself anything. the one thing i happen to like a lot is sneakers." preach! . need my wife to read this
supposed sneaker head didn't even know the back to the future shoes.
thank you
yah, being a douche is a great style for u
don't worry.
looking forward to it filling in the city potholes left over from last winter
wait you were at ezoo? or you mean in detroit?
i'm shot i thought u guys were talking abt detroit becus i read aisha's tweet about how she will never miss it
very bummed we didn't get to hang out at xoxo
yeah! omg i tried to find you for a high-five, just missed each other
armband playing w bobby's cats tho
the babybands with the cats
if my influencer posts are considered breaking news, then i like this feature. if not, i hate it.
if you start breaking news, we'll push it!
hitting uninstall on my cpa review is probably one of the greatest feelings in the world
nice job brother!
join me as i take the stage at &amp; benefit concert in support of education in nyc...
i love that you are doing this
the cracks in our parking lot need to be refilled every year or so. hot summers and cold winter wreak havoc here
my summer job after high school was on the patch crew on old country roads. hardest job i ever had.
i know right
yeah it went by quick when he did it in north america and now i miss it
i feel like that's everything now tho
right. damp beauty blender for everything. then set w powder.
10 games left, 3 teams tied for 2 nl wild card spots. i love this part of baseball season... //
and based on yesterday's results, none of them wants it. :)
and we wonder why npm install is slow...
it's instant with ;)
if you're trying to equate those two things, i question your sense of scale.
if you don't think hillary's horrid corrupt warmongering isnt unacceptable too, i question your sense of scale and values
i always *felt* like i was a ravenclaw, but obviously the sorting hat knows me better than i know myself
always felt like engineering had that gryffindor spirit of pranksterism and mischief
if money outweighs education how does a democracy continue?
you should have to pay for college or get a scholarship. survival of the fittest...
want to go to this wknd? we've got a pair of tix to ! rt to . winner chosen @ 4pm today!...
thank you for the chance! i would love to go!
i want to go so bad and celebrate 100 years young !! check this out ! something for everyone!
i would love to go!
....the same teacher that kicked us out because we were too sleepy/quiet in the morning class brought us coffee and cookies.
we're so unworthy lmao i love college
you're both such extraordinary visualization designers/builders/developers that the combination is blowing my mind!
your words are my beacon of hope
can someone explain to me the logic behind selling beats for $1 &amp; track outs for $5
it s silly track outs are aways included with me
1. it's strange, but it's true: a lot of former bernie supporters are supporting gary johnson
because they don't understand what democratic socialism and libertarianism are (i.e. com...
on the low.. not looking forward to hauling around about 70 records on the subway
power thru
"the folly of the protest vote"- the problem isn't some voting their conscience, the problem is too many cowards not voting their conscience
if people feel strongly, they should get together and do the work to get like minded people elected locally--not get trump elected
this didn't work out for 2016. there's no shame in that. so work harder &amp; smarter for 2020. you can both do that &amp; stop trump
it's working out now. sanders only didnt work out because the dnc rigged the primary against him. we're against hrc &amp; trump
if people would follow the directions of cops and not point guns at them, would be less common. respect the protectors
the police aren't protecting. they're killing us. who will protect us from them???
just had the weirdest dream ever. how tf did my brain even think of that
literally me last night
sad to hear that. it's so hard to say goodbye...
true, but i know she is waiting for me over the rainbow bridge!
' exposed itself as a patron of terrorism' at , says ravi shankar prasad
pakistan is supported by world in kashmir usa china uno silent pak get more aid kill indian indian are stock
dc forum on the dakota access pipeline. join the forum in 210 cannon or tune in for the livestream...
. guess can't censor this livestream. right ? ...
my patronus is a cat and not a dog. cue existential crisis.
*casts cat patronus* *dogs come running to chase cat* *dismisses cat patronus* *makes friends with all the dogs*
lack of play/pause button on the speaker? (i'm usually streaming from phone or tablet, so i use that to control playback.)
yes, often streaming from those devices, but far less convenient to get to them to play/pause than to find the device
in honor of one million followers, we're giving away these signed jerseys. who wants one?
i'll take one easy pick the jersey
fast forward to 2016- my uber driver is blasting the hamilton score.
word man. my ber drivers always seem to be on the phone.
is criminal. why are not taking a page from ? he had dignity that couldn't be dismissed
because you racists murdered mlk so we don't see the point of doing shit his way again at all. i say fuck all of you monsters.
this is an excellent case for the proposition that trademark enforcement doesn't need to be perfect to protect a ma...
you still want to be vigilant (court cites several examples of enforcement) and presumably want to be clearly acting in good faith.
russian election chiefs to investigate reuters findings of irregularities
like the leftist here, i mean the new democrats, nothing stops them to grab power. lies, corruption &amp; manipulation of media hacks.
new clinton tv ad, "sees", focuses on people with disabilities -hits trump for mocking reporter:
next hillary add targets people with alzheimer's. they won't remember any of her lies and deceit.
chat w touched topics from vr, agriculture, cpg, brands, healthcare, politics &amp; social impact. what a time to build a business
great to meet you in person, let's catch up next time you're in the bay area
don't worry we've been hard at work. we will be back in january and it be worth the wait
can't wait... congratulations and best of health to you!
add to that the left-handed dna and it's ;)
even i made the left handed error. it's too easy to make
yep two words-hand pain. saw a doctor about it and it turned out to be tendinitis. it's better now after treatment.
luckily i caught it early and it's treatable. but i can't stress how important it is to see help if you have prolonged pain.
right. damp beauty blender for everything. then set w powder.
wish it didn't take so many steps :/
soooo i found a fancy thai toilet &amp; i may have attempted to use the bum cleaner &amp; been surprise sprayed with bum wa...
bwahahaha oh doug nothing like a surprise in the bum
need a solo trip in la for like a week just to get lost in the art
so... tell me why when i saw audrey got a new job i was literally going to text you saying we should go to la and do art stuff
if you start breaking news, we'll push it!
some exciting news coming up about hunter's personal brand
i discovered my patronus is a st bernard on j.k. rowling's . find yours:
mine's a mastiff.
i respect that homie!
i dislike producers who email you beats but want to charge you you need a site to ask for money i respect ya vision as well
had a rough year. mental illness cost me my best friend, my co-parent's respect, my self-confidence, and a lot of social standing.
i'm on the mend, but it's hard to keep from looking back. i get frustrated with how things turned out, no matter how positive i try to stay.
love the new stripe-congrats! ( would you be at all interested in discussing it on
thank you, ethan! you don't want me, but let me have a quick chat with the designers who actually did the work and get back to you?
this didn't work out for 2016. there's no shame in that. so work harder &amp; smarter for 2020. you can both do that &amp; stop trump
hillary may not work out this election. dont cry about that. you'll pick a better candidate &amp; work harder &amp; smarter in 2020
police procedure varies from place to place, but if a cop tells you to drop a weapon, it's a good idea to comply.
i agree. but if you don't, the cop needs to have more tools to use than just "shoot him." de-escalation can work.
not a follower. someone who can separate wrong and right!
..you need to research the last 3 decades of your queen's corruption..you'll need about a week to read them all...
yeeeah, not even close, but i hear ya and hope! thanks, as always, for the support.
closer every day.
snitch from harry potter like this but just with undies
wow love it
breaking: us claims 'sweeping victory' in wto case as panel finds that european union subsidies to airbus break rules
and how about the quasi-subsidies boeing gets from the ex/im bank??
exactly my point
we're on the same page
yea we can play
i made a room search for 1tha when you're ready
i honestly have no clue
i was gonna make a "can bees get bee-cancer" joke but i don't think splenda has aspartame
happy birthday maddie love and miss you lots, have a great day !
my god throwback hahha thank you ily
lol that was the last time for me.
that was my first and last. i don't do rejection. fuck that.
thank you...and, sorry? (maybe?)
nah don't be sorry
or...people try to burn down a city.....yeah..they're black....but....either way.
people, city, country keeps murdering you, you are justified to do to them whatever they deserve.
feel it, embody it and live the path which opens out to you. x
great words! defo, 3years ago i never thought i'd be here right now, rt student of uk for the yr, &amp; phd scholarship!
"if there's anybody in here make some noise" yo deadass suck my dick
lmfaoo that shit had me weak
thank you so very much and i'm praying for help from heaven as well.
yes thank already &amp; we (me, u, all need it..?) continually in thought-prayer-his will gr8 rest of week each moment
sorry. i know how "racist" facts are to so many people.
because cops don't lie? you don't have facts just rumors. they reported that guy dead. their info is sooo accurate
he literally tells you that they ruled in favor, and also said they had a reason. i agreed that of course they have a reason
you are right. i cant read
__why does this exist anyway_even spouses and kids turn their parents in and explain that__trump trumps
trump's advisor anti-semitic, bragged abt firing jews, minimized holocaust:
they should fr have like a 24 hr time limit to release those kinda videos
i was reading an article saying they're trying to pass a law that states they don't have to release it
continuing to expose the moral bankruptcy of the rich. we are we allowing them to own the government?
we must elect stein our we're done w/super rich force feeding us in their slave camps
i luckily haven't seen anyone i know doing this, but as someone who failed the artist's workshop i can easily say t...
yeah, i haven't seen any of it on my feed either, but i figure it must be happening. i guess i just know good people :)
rioters are beating up people just because they're white. even the homeless! disgusting
this video is from london. note the "litter bin" and the red double decker bus in the back.
son i got dubbed lol my career is over lol
there will be roadblocks, don't let they think you can't overcome it
when a conference uptown gives you an excuse to roam your alma mater
great shot! same feeling here, such fun to be back on campus
we have resolved the service issue overnight &amp; appreciate your patience. i apologize to customers impacted. pls email me w/ any questions.
. so that's what's interrupting my service when will this be fixed?
these are so freakin cute, tysm
not only are they cute but they taste sooooo good
justice - randy (official audio) via
not a critic but listened
thinking of doing some halloween costume videos that involve underwear! send through some awesome ideas! my first is egyptian mummy!
tarzan would look good with your hair
i am still not sleeping easy. is running a terrible campaign, and drumpf is gaining
he's only catching up because the media wants a horse race. the worm will turn in october.
going to be lining out for this. anyone else up for it?
i didn't know was a shels fan but there you go.
what happened!!!! ice, elevate, and rest!
i was jogging and i destroyed it. but alas no rest for the wicked
this didn't work out for 2016. there's no shame in that. so work harder &amp; smarter for 2020. you can both do that &amp; stop trump
if you idiot hillary voters picked sanders who polled better against trump, we wouldn't be having this conversation. smh
in dynasty, mckinnon/sims/tevin coleman/dwayne washington should not be traded away. treat them like frozen assets.
what about kenneth dixon is he worth stashing?
hey fans! we will not be clearing the room between panels at the theater at msg. please view the process:
what's the procedure for bookcon panels?
i know but it's better than a foundation brush
yeah rather use my fingers than that
wow, thanks, now that's great customer service 4 you! if i could order northern lights too !
we'll have a word with mother nature :)
i have coffee you can have some if you want (:
um yeah no thanks
ahah they cats but wasup my lil bro go crazy
was hannin they cats you know any videographers
it obviously wasn't clear bc david didn't write it, kid.
the who the fuck did?
seriously trump can't talk for 2 minutes without calling names i do believe you are projecting onto others what you do lol
what are you talking about? your queen called 50 million people racist, xenophobic, sexist, homophobic...let's debate..c'mon!
give me your stomach i need my 6 pack back
lemme get some boobies n we have a deal, i need those back
red flag: he says his ex went crazy. that's why he has to keep her locked in his attic. also, they're still technically married.
i'm rereading jane eyre right now. he locked his wife in the attic. check out charlotte perkins gilman's
this week i started reading books instead of morning email lists. i'll never go back - good books change you in a way that headlines can't.
i've started doing the same thing at night before bed. books instead of twitter has helped in a few ways i think
1 tweet per follower. pretty good rate!
declining every time you tweet at me. solid strategy.
tweet me what songs ur excited for with going to release some clips from the studio &amp; parts of songs you havent heard
no promises!!!!
fyi - 7th street is close from c street to penn ave., se until 4 pm. plan accordingly
no one every said getting to the best store in washington dc was going to be easy.
lmao bro that's crazy. which bus?
lmao the bx3
live your dreams today, people. nothing is impossible (patrick pleul)
i had that dream! after hugging the pumpkin, we used it as a raft through the panama canal. there was a piata full of ants.
feel it, embody it and live the path which opens out to you. x
just this artist kid wanting to make the system &amp; experience better using art+design paradigms &amp; listening
or...people try to burn down a city.....yeah..they're black....but....either way.
here. let me help your fucked up racist ass "win" - you creature from hell. (and i mean that in a nice way, dickless.)
another great ! appreciate all the work you put into each one!
thanks, jon. wonderful discussion today w/ great participants.
see: mlk quote in the meaning of riots.
the language of the unheard. and look where being peaceful got mlk. they killed him anyway
guys, my car was totaled on my way to citi to catch the bus to dc last week. have less than a week to get a new car. c'mon, man.
were not thrilled about it, but we'll allow it.
yet another awesome illustration from ! :-d
we agree! we're so lucky to have because her illustrations are !
kentjonesofficial ...
can you please check out my new single
the dalai lama does his best trump impression | watch:
even holy men attacking trump. makes one thing of lynching. is this really necessary, or even mature? judge for yourself. immature?
trump in pittsburgh: "if you're not aware, drugs are a very, very big factor in what you're watching on television...
does trump mean drugs consumed by viewers, tv executives, being promoted in commercials, being glamorized on screen, what?
i'm finally ready to do this "describe myself with three fictional characters" thing.
*looks at tweet*... yup, this guy is just smarter than me.
ace frehley is ill
his laugh is infectious
the game is called westwick. no demo available yet :)
well, it's caught my eye (ow), so keep up the good work!
veterans' affairs 3/06/2015 hr 969 referred to the subcommittee on disability assistance and memorial affairs.
have congress and senate have to only use va for care..see how fast it gets better..sad story
yes thank already &amp; we (me, u, all need it..?) continually in thought-prayer-his will gr8 rest of week each moment
and anytime y'all anytime already more than winning..when &amp; w/right mindsets!
what a shot! this is aces! do you mind if we ask you how it tasted?
hey guys, thanks for reaching out. it tasted as plain coconut, nothing special as the visual. sorry to say that...
very true. i hated the new home button on level 2 and 3. it feels ridiculous.
where can you edit the setting? can't find
i haven't had rice all week. and as a hispanic man it is killing me.
yo b when we eating some steaks
my dad wearing my middle school pe shirt everyone
, too many things. cell phone belt clip + tucked t +dad sunglasses + dad hat + asian + disappointed you are not doctor.
day 4 calling out jeremy mccassy... push-up challenge suicide
how's doing on the you called her out on? you should do it together ml&amp;r my friends
hillary calls americans "deplorable" for high $ fundraiser. trump speaks to the people and shatters gop small $ donor records!
i thought he was a billionaire.
blackberry's "radar" fleet-tracking device got its first customer $bbry
radar is a box that sticks on a container -- or anything actually -- and tells the owner where it is, whether the door is open, temp., etc
idk much but i know that this is some true ass relatable ass content folks
hard agree lol
one of the best written intros i have read lately: kudos and
thanks so much!
yeah rejection is my distance cousin and i'm not really a fan of her.
. that was... maybe you just need to work on hoe you take your shots.
that's fair
they don't play the nat'l anthems before champions' league games, right? just that bitching champions lg anthem
little taste: i got married at first sight and i ended up in a fight. he said i was unattractive and i said why you so reactive... (tbc)
he turned weird. you are so beautiful inside &amp; out.
if seeing a baby getting breastfed turns u on, you should probably go door to door &amp; let ya neighbors know that you...
you sir just won twitter. best response ever
hillary would never lie to the american public. wink wink
deplorable of you to say this &amp; defend &amp; support trump. unbelievable!
new gatling! vs golovkin is that kind of fight -
watching last week conjured the realization of a promised-fullfilled tony ayala jr.; i started wondering, 'what if the vile ayala..
given bojack horseman and rick &amp; morty have stolen my soul, aside from mlp, what are other people's favourite western animated shows?
venture bros. such an amazing, funny and dark show. especially if you grew up watching johnny quest/gi joe and reading comics
they look nothing alike
omg i never said they looked so much alike it was a joke they look similar
happy birthday have a good one!
thank you
trump in pittsburgh: "if you're not aware, drugs are a very, very big factor in what you're watching on television...
time to get drugs out of the hands of tv writers?
my new pup hood was delayed, so i won't have it for the sushi party today
which one you getting?
wow, barb got the short end of the stick.
(yes, i just finished during my lunch hour.)
i just don't get it. i'm a slytherin. you'd think that a snake would conflict with a mouse.
also this completely contradicts my love of cats.
i loved the night mode so much &amp; built an extension to bring it to web. would love your feedback
dude that's so dope! cc
radar is a box that sticks on a container -- or anything actually -- and tells the owner where it is, whether the door is open, temp., etc
they've been talking about it for a while but now it has been commercialized for the first time.
bit of a time crunch some people jacked the prices up on us
i don't! i've had nothing but bad experience with the company
every single time this guy opens his mouth i lose brain cells
this guy really is a fucking idiot. "are we gonna have 30 minutes for the test? or.." (we had 30 minutes for a quiz yesterday)
don't know whether you're being sarcastic or serious but okay
i was serious.
wait i gotta throw it up first
oh we gotta smart ass lmaooo i'll keep you around!
great to meet you in person, let's catch up next time you're in the bay area
likewise! nothing builds a strong connection like a shared admiration for wool shoes
don't think bill is running but is
billy and his demon wife demoralized several women who had the same stories..you gotta be kidding me..lol
saturday we're throwing another .. last one was so much fun! by...
when can i sign up?
guys stop trying to bully please he said he made a mistake now let it go
what mistake, what he did or what he said?
but just look at those grubby little fingers!!!!
listen sal more like pal, i respect you but you are wrong and they are evil and you are becoming evil by association.
asexual reproduction usually happens when the animal either has no discernible sex or can shift from one sex to another.
you're a sexy nerd corey! how did you get so smucking fart?
sean i thought you were better than this
sean out of all people i never thought itd be you
had a great , but time to head home. thanks to all who attended my sunday session. i look forward to next year!
safe travels back home.
horseshit !!!!
it is! but read my last re tweet it has a whole thing behind it
stop trying to make macgyver happen
all it really takes to make mcguyver happen is a paper bag, 6 paper clips, a pinecone and 5 aa batteries.
watching last week conjured the realization of a promised-fullfilled tony ayala jr.; i started wondering, 'what if the vile ayala..
... had actually fought roberto duran?', in what would've been one of the greatest fights of all-time. read more on
bless her heart. i know there's some truth to the classist argument about gun ownership but this is too precious.
what gun ownership *does* lessen a la vaccination is hot prowls &amp; home invasions (uk &amp; aus gun laws correlate well)
happy birthday my beautiful friend! have a great time in mexico!! love ya!
awww thank you!! love ya !
they're going to literally try to hide the evidence? lol
if the cop did nothing wrong then why wouldn't they release the footage??
you still want to be vigilant (court cites several examples of enforcement) and presumably want to be clearly acting in good faith.
unfortunately, case doesn't discuss naked licensing (only abandonment more generally), else would be for "community" marks. cc
ldr elbow? (shifty eyes, if emoji are not translating)
... wrong hand?
100 badges! including catter, which counts, right? no! ok, fine, i will keep learning ;)
catter definitely counts. cat-collaboration tools are the future of cat communication.
prime directive: be love.
where do you live?
nah, this is a perfect opportunity to explain the situation if she isn't aware
aware of what?
getting ready to go to physical therapy, hopeful i won't cry and throw up today
there you go again..
hi! &amp; ! 7p ...
thank you! :) appreciate the !
happy 18th birthday micah! i hope you're having a great time on your vacay love you
awww thanks babe love you
i remember orlando, river, got smoked under the bridge, and popped onto middle bridge to kill 3 people lol
i think that was the first time a patch literally killed a game lol
is it just me or are there fewer trump trolls over the last day or so? did twitter shut down the trump robot sites? seems different.
they finally realize "he is gonna lose".
as i suspected, looks like a quick select &amp; blur, which of course is all it is. may work better with soft edges
it's definitely still a beta feature. i wonder if it's optimized for the way people curve away from the camera
...and yet gets mad at a poll on . definitely shows the contrast in professionalism.
lol! you just got added to the list.
i, for one, remain appalled that sanders forced clinton to give paid speeches for a bunch of hated companies
never "forced" clinton to do anything. this comment is plain stupid and absurd. our public isn't this dumb.
enjoy the human rights abuse and oppression everyone!
real americans will
they've been talking about it for a while but now it has been commercialized for the first time.
it's a product that came out of efforts to try and find new ways to make money off of all bbry's patents and wireless expertise
if you're lucky enough to have her leveled up. otherwise grinding court again? blah
i never got an artifact so i can't verify
his facts was wrong. how embarrassing.
well my facts are not wrong. you just can take the fall without trying to take me with you
respect elders this is not the right way to protest.
video shot in london. see "litter bin" and red double decker bus.
because some teachers don't teach well
i got a math teacher who be talking about eagles bruh
americans with disabilities deserve the chance to work alongside those without disabilities-to do the same jobs for the same pay &amp; benefits.
as a dav i support that
nutrition is important kids and i don't mean like "stay skinny lol" i mean having protein, potassium, vitamins so you can function right
"lol popeyes is the official food of the norcal fgc" *turns to camera, frowns* "but kids? vegetables are no laughing matter."
how is it that one's entire identity can be reduced to "racist" if they don't believe in illegal immigration?
depends on your approach. give thoughtful reasoning rather than the "fuck 'em all" tone which seems so prevalent you are ok with me
i thought you started on the 26th
my mistake it was today
what's your idea for this image for todays'd ?
we let a monster convince us he was our savior. and this is where it got us.
have u seen the vid? and rubber bullets don't blow holes in people's heads.
not necessarily. an occupy oakland protestor got brain damage from a rubber bullet. we can confirm when the smoke clears
literally every single person in my 3am feed is talking about the british bake off show.
3am twitter is unbelievably garbage.
she called as she saw it you must be so proud to be in that basket her number was actually low
well let me put it like this...her comment was so absurd, that it galvanized our party as seen in the poll numbers...lol
i'm always open to research. don't send me any bullshit msm links though. just a heads up.
how about you connect the dots yourself when you look up jeff epstein. believe what you want but i believe the child.
don't trip on videos my big or at least camera guy footage that u wanna take to be a video i got someone coming back from lv
tap in with him asap i need this video done i got the production studio to do at and etc....
the highlight may be against the odds: phonics
scumble to temptation gets me every damn time
the fucking stair car from arrested development in 24 season 5
it's in civil war as well.
happy birthday to my fav model aka my bff for life
omg i love you so much thank you tas!! miss you
hey! we have a new board for books, would you post your tweet also at ?
i'd love to, but i get overwhelmed by these things. have no idea what to do ... none ...
lol opening for infected mushroom at a giant venue in buff this wknd. hoping the kids like spooky proggy techno. may need a tag in dj if no
hahaha oh damn that will be interesting
i decided to try the athena cup bc the diva cup has always disappointed me, and the branding is very much what you...
...if someone had no idea who athena was. this is some venus bullshit.
hi iris!hope your day is wonderful!
wish i could have gotten off work to go and see sam in and nyc today!
guys we're doing our live show tomorrow instead of today!
ook well dinner out then
he has a twin brother.
sorry guys it was just a joke him and his twin brother look unrelated nothing alike no similarities at all
isis claimed responsibility for an attack in minnesota on saturday which wounded 9 people. we cannot let this becom...
obama says it is not the main problem, global warming is, while he facilitates iran's plan to melt the planet
our boobs look the same size !!!
there's padding in there
i can't thank my friends enough for coming all the way down to castro valley to hang with me tonight
this the crazy mutha fucka from staley's?!
i'm trying my hardest not to, but morphe keeps tempting me
are those brushes good!??? trying to build my collection nothing crazy but just things i need to hide some imperfections
everything has gone to shit since monday lol
i'm sure things will get better!
what changed
discovered he's a conman. at least he now sees the truth. amen!
time for surgery wish me luck
aww good luck i hope this eye suregyturns out alright
it's a product that came out of efforts to try and find new ways to make money off of all bbry's patents and wireless expertise
but the market is competitive (orbcomm, verizon-owned fleetmatics) and it's limited to areas where cellular networks work (oceans are out)
bobby knight re: trump debate prep: "i'll be there patting him on the butt &amp; telling him maybe every once in a while don't speak so loudly."
that's disturbing on many levels.
meet the democrats who are winning the midwest for trump via premier column nypost
just saw a bumper sticker ass holes for trump too.
100-year-old sf woman iris canada says eviction fight taking toll on health
blocking haight &amp; fillmore for iris canada, 100, facing from peter owens...
if you like : boba pizza chicken tenders fries wings horchata tacos chinese food hamburgers pho then hit me up and lets be friends
all these retweets and i had two people hit me up, smh
how do we walk around in our own bodies? a question so bizarre and yet so essential.
this must be where our brand of non-lineal, afro-futuristic, spirit-filled vision comes from. we're used to the out of body...
not to have to do anything. i need a day like that now..
don't burn ourself out, bro... or you will be switching to coffee full time!!!
do you not know how this shit works?
yes i do know how it works and it wasnt like that. but ok whatever you say.
watch: clinton gets awkward with zach galifianakis on 'between two ferns':
this is just more stupidity. the dumbing down of america has more to do with speculative, gossipy reporting than anything else.
us is failing to invest enough in early childhood education - quartz
fiscal conservatives are not very bright. they can't seem to grasp that early nutrition, education and health care saves $.
a woman called- mary lambert. never heard of her before. but her albums on itunes
i love her cover of jessie's girl.
my professor is showing the nc riot and shooting videos in class and it's pissing me the fuck off.
the genocide of black people in america is literally legalized and televised.
yeah i'm not a big drinking fan
alcohol is gross
talking w media product manager team today. should i greet them by saying "hey, what's trending?"
or "hey, what's on your mind?" - what time are you speaking?
police killed 346 black people in 2015. every 25 hours.
really want to help make map correlated to density (suburban/urban), connect racial justice &amp; spatial justice. interested?
which is fair but i'll also live with that because they won't do it for an entire game, freeing up the others
i trust their playmaking they get ball unguarded, drive. if cavs help to scramble they kick. hb can't do that
she called as she saw it you must be so proud to be in that basket her number was actually low
you are a sad excuse for an american..you hate your country as she does and i literally feel bad for you..no hope for u.
nasa scientists find '' on - again the puzzling appearance of an cloud seemingly...
(cont) "solid state" chemistry may be taking place in ice particles in clouds of saturn's moon titan atmosph
lmaooooo, worry about your life and your career
you the one who admitted you a mess lmao
if they seem about the same to you, something is very wrong.
i respectfully disagree. both are proven fabricators. seems enough to paint them with same brush. you may preach to the choir.
game needs to sit the next few plays out
lmaoooo like are we back in the 7th grade ???
i'm going next week. are you?! get your ticket(s) now using promo code je-ff-25.
hi julia. glad you asked. i'm thinking about going too. which talks you recommend?
this trump campaign creep in oh is appalling, but don't miss the magic of the reporter trying to control his face
hello, world! this is 'murica.
good morning~
it is when you're around! =(^w^)=
hmm, bunch of buildings around 20th &amp; 5th locked down by nypd. nothing obviously amiss outside, though.
they did the same on grand yesterday evening from greene to broadway.
omg why can't burnham look this good in footie pajamas???
i can't stand how cute this frenchie looks.
met some psychedelics legalization activists. they looked exactly as futuristic + multi-textured as you'd imagine
uh. can i meet them or where can i learn what they're about?
-- we will just have to iron out the details. ;-)
i think this is going to be a great collaboration we both know what i'll bring to the project
a protest should look like this, not destroying the communities of hard working americans! mlk would have been outr...
have you forgotten who murdered mlk while being peaceful?
no one has come to open the door and our professor is insisting to still take it
update: she moved the exam to next thursday
one of my first nights in la i think :)
it was at mlg or blizzcon or something else at anaheim convention center!
if i get my hands on a pair of , first thing i'm going to do is wear them.
he will wear them in vegas next week.
talking fatties with tonight for so watching this
payoff for that match is so weird.
totally on board with this.
is pulling tammy the taxi around for you.
in other words, he suckered fans into viewing that piece of filth, very noble, very cowardly.
you're a silly idiot.
"there is no compassion in tolerating lawless conduct. crime and violence...will never be accepted in a trump administration."
so, 1st, 2nd, 4th, 5th, 8th amendments out the window now? nice idea. putin.
the new model red neoprene puppy hood from mr s
goddamnit soda, those emoticons don't go together
charlotte police chief to show video of keith lamont scott shooting to the family, but not to the public...
all store owners should have a piece, there will be instant justice.
happy birthdayy pretty girl loveee u
omg this pic but thank you boo love you xox
counterpoint, the kardashians wear boots all damn summer
the kardashians transcend seasons/time/reason
i know i'm about to sound like a total bougie newb but holy shit i just discovered the golden gate transit and it is legit.
also the reason we don't have north bay bart
thanks for the rt, western!
i mean, even if i took my bias away, i still wouldn't was my delicates in anything else!
can't read your post. are you talking about an eyeball?
stein thx apologies. was connecting criminals w/fiat&amp;war-maching &amp; if take their then
2016 feels like a pivotal year in this nation's history. my children will read about 2016 like i read about 1968...
except this time we control the narrative. we create our own images. every tweet, post and article archived in full on the internet.
headed for california iso, basically the state's grid, on field trip. what shall i ask about it &amp; look for?
what changes they plan/need to make in preparation for 100% renewables.
infographic: clinton &amp; trump supporters see the world very differently
we see the glass half full instead of half empty with fear &amp; gloom driving the rhetoric!
but the market is competitive (orbcomm, verizon-owned fleetmatics) and it's limited to areas where cellular networks work (oceans are out)
also this contract is only for 500 trucks. they wouldn't say the deal value but it is not something that will move the needle financially
thank you for and especially for it resonates with my soul
how funny, i'm listening to the album rn
these are so good
thanks zach!
what's your favorite letter to write in cursive? (for those of you who, you know, still actually write in cursive.)
the russian b (lowercase!) looks like a music note!
crazy racist bitch
ding ding ding..and there it is...ha...you're so weak and have no intelligent argument you resort to name calling...how rich!
i don't know how modelers do it. it might take me 6 hours to draw a picture. to do a really nice customized/painted model might take 60
60 hours for a gbwc entry with serious chances, maybe. rough estimate, mine take like 24-30ish over a bunch of days
they just keep changing the game
they be wylin, i'd commit just to rock those unis smh
we've had our engineers take care of this - dm us if this is ongoing. *mattlegleiter
. sounds good. how much longer do you foresee these connectivity issues happening? my service is dead now. just wifi
interesting. poll says colin kaepernick is the most disliked player in the , yet his jersey is also top seller....
he earned it.
i love your snapchat stories they make me happy
im so glad i like the little flag by ur name it's cute
always a good friend !! thanks !
nice pic, andre! thanks for sharing.
am i the only one who thinks gary johnson kind of looks like ellen degeneres?
it gary johnson wants to have a real shot he should try to convince the american people he is, in fact, ellen degeneres
headed for california iso, basically the state's grid, on field trip. what shall i ask about it &amp; look for?
what changes they plan/need to make in preparation for 100% renewables.
60 hours for a gbwc entry with serious chances, maybe. rough estimate, mine take like 24-30ish over a bunch of days
and that's if i'm painting, too. airbrushes help.
this one is perfect. yesterday, you tweeted rather than . was it evil nathan?
yes. evil's work. i'll have to talk to him.
drock.com on askgaryvee or dailyvee ?
iam on it bro &amp;bsides2 coming
oh, you're supposed to first pour it all in the larger cup, pour back small quantities into the tumbler,...
i think i would spill coffee everywhere trying to do this.
nyc is calling for you
where those afters at tonight? cc:
will announce the upload of the slides using this and other social media as soon a possible after ga.
markus i'm on the edge of my seat in anticipation!
its saying connecting still lol
xrd netplay has been super wack for the past week.
alright this is a fair assessment of my personality but i would have liked to be something not a rodent.
i ended up in gryffindor; luna is my fav though so i'm a little bummed i didn't get ravenclaw.
shorts time!
sunday and monday are looking pretty good!
this is 30 ! happy birthday to me! ...
happy birthday!!!
anyway. jake, if you're interested in carrying on this conversation, you know where to fin...
husksjsskjs you're the most shady person on earth omg
already love this song
the whole album is 11/10
i've spent some time talking to folks in charlotte over the past two days and they've said the same thing - the vid...
how weigh *immediate* transparency vs waiting so as to preserve jury pool? not a rhetorical question - want to hear all sides.
poll: clinton leads trump ahead of first debate via
imagine that...and nbc poll. lol
true...what was his excuse the other 7? i can't believe any blacks support him..he betrayed them.
over the last decade, black folk, have lost ground in every major economic category read more at
this is the best candidate for president on 2016
too much of that tainted kool aid!
thank you, probably?
meant nicely
saw this the other day! "true success is naps" hit home.
amen. true success is actually getting to be happy and take time off when you need to w/o feeling guilty, etc. all of it.
it was cool running into one of the fab 5, jwan howard in the bahamas
his shorts were a lot longer in college
should we start a gofundme?
hey, um ... what's a zip code that would be relevant? no real reason, just kinda asking
i ended up in gryffindor; luna is my fav though so i'm a little bummed i didn't get ravenclaw.
i did get tortoiseshell cat as my patronus though which feels spot on
mycroft holmes, one of the indolent ones.
smart enough to make a viable plot to rule the world. just can't be bothered.
seeing that poll nikki made sends bad chills in my spine.
people really need to give yw a chance, i'm so so so happy that i did
my friend and i used to paint our nails with white out
oh my lord how classy
guess whose gonna be in the pit again this march i cant eait
"transparency is in the eye of the beholder" bruh these people are police lol
what a stupid response smh
i have read it all. and have traveled this world four decades more than you. i am a libertarian and not a democrat....
if you've supposedly read about her corruption, dating back to the 70's w/white water than you support corruption, simple..
let's talk about this for an hour:
my god yes.
i picture it like the 3 way phone call from mean girls
the game at the club
check politifact - notice a pattern? what party are the top half? now the bottom half? say...
so you bring up for your big comeback? not to bright are you. let's both watch the debate then talk
mine's a mastiff.
should be pleased! is your patronus also running around like it has the zoomies?
producers. i don't care how hot you are. if you cold bcc beats to my email, i won't listen. i will block you.
whats bcc mean
wait, i keep telling her we are cool!
that's part of the problem! cool people don't tell people how cool they are!
do you enjoy wearing a suit and tie more or do you prefer casual clothing?
always been a suit and tie guy.
perfume. why? why? please stop.
i would never wear perfume to a meet &amp; greet for that very reason. plus, as fans we wouldn't know if you were allergic.
my mom's gotta giant scorpio tattoo... apparently she's a libra now.
see what you've done here
really? by choice, or just by circumstance? not that it's anyone business...except u brought it up...
purely by circumstances. couldn't travel until i got my green card renewed and i can't host.
some old lady was concerned about a small package outside of our store. i went to investigate and it was a sandwich wrapped in tin foil.
could've been a bagel with cream cheese. maybe pastrami.
why is it that the military in war can't shoot an unarmed enemy but a cop can shoot an unarmed american on suspicion?
-&gt; i agree. however the guy was carrying a gun. video will soon be released proving it.
i've been asked to make it clear that harambe is not a patronus you can actually get on . the previous rt is a joke. as you were.
could you also make it clear what a field mouse is?
for all of you kids eagerly waiting for more video of
haha that song title
please stay safe babe!
thank you jess! audrey and i were just talking about how kind of a soul you are. we got an all clear finally!
yea for ps3 users it got fucked up with the ps4 update
you could try to make the room to see if that's works
damn !!!! i was thinking of asking you too. you funny af. i will next time for sure.
thanks so much!! now you know for next time! i always make it work!
the new york times used an emoji
that's how much times' staff like coffee
i like his new clothes v stylish
v douchey?
no honey eyes you are delusional and you put yourself into the basket not me look at your name lol you labeled youeself
do you not understand that it's the word that sunk her campaign..it backfired on her...so yes we sure did..many of us..
have you had a chance to email our team at help.com for assistance? ^sb
i can't be asked - i shouldn't need go through this much headache for one return label. i am going with dhl. thanks.
whether you're the praying type or not, keep in your thoughts tonight. we all need to be better than this madness.
i am hopeful it will calm down very soon. fortunately these things usually do but it's already too much.
twitter chat panelist : a non-profit committed to the support of education access for all. ...
twitter chat panelist : founder of transforming how you think, shop, &amp; educate. ...
don't let me walk in a room where a piano is it will be hard to get me off of it lol !!!
tickle those ivories!
could've been a bagel with cream cheese. maybe pastrami.
many lives were saved.
i read and shit. usually at the same time. see what i did?!? still got it!!
i think it's pretty cool that you're smart and talented! and yes i'm impressed that you can shit and read
wedding toast: "it is what it is." you can use that.
wow. dour. what happened to the good ol "welcome to the honey-do club bro" ?
landlords who wait until mold gets so bad they evict to repair. tenants standing up :
free advice: pull furniture away from windows, wash mold immediately. wear a mask. get rid of rugs. dust mites = allergies
. has two visual arts studios available in gowanus! they're hosting an open house this saturday, 9/24:
thanks for spreading the word!
oh i'm watching a movie on tv online myself i have a few more hours to spare shut may get back in bed actually in w...
ok cool sounds very relaxing well maybe later on we can play something if your free
following you guys all day today tweet us the songs you're most excited for with &amp;
i am hyped for ruin like thats my song
q4: how do you capture your travel moments? do you journal, photograph or just try to remember?
a4 i love photographing the world. sometimes i wish my eyes could take photos....
that's you and everyone you've ever been attracted to, thumb.
eat a dick baldie
stein thx apologies. was connecting criminals w/fiat&amp;war-maching &amp; if take their then
..then they're hurt &amp; they're done ("they be done"-twtr shorthand) ur twt is
he does his best thinking and reading on the pooper!
as do most men!
inside the twitter army that exposes what it considers to be news coverage stacked against hillary clinton
you hacks in the media try anything to push the crooked rotten lying hillary to power. are the handouts that good?
why this election is really about the constitution -
so far trump has argued agains the 1st, 2nd, 4th, 5th, and 8th amendments. so he wants to abolish the enter constitution.
&amp; the relationships we have with fantasy and carnival (remember talking about this with ) how we seek escape
word. add hip-hop to that too. the way created narratives (even if death-dealing) provide release and escape...
lmao wow what a lame who cares about gravity u never even got toppy on the couch at ya moms crib lol what a herb
thats not even strange about him. this dude stuck a spoon in his eye just to see what would happen. real shit.
i'm glad you're keeping up to date with the latest ;)
wait, what did i miss?!
apparently i've only ever searched the new york times for two things:
i don't remember making these, but there is a nearly 100% chance i was searching about the song regulate, not anything about regulation.
we don't meet people by accident ~ they are meant to cross our path for a reason ~ ...
sandy, totally agree. it's not happen stance we've all come together. karma is karma!
classic album sundays founder colleen "cosmo" murphy has stopped by for a chat and tribute mix to the loft in nyc....
space princess!!!
it's sad that you're right about that sooooo annoying
sf is mindboggling. just be glad you dont have that traffic + cosntruction + bad drivers
presidential candidates react to protests over police shootings. who has the upper hand in this situation?
where is the couch? take that bum off the screen! no other cable news is wasting airtime.
word. add hip-hop to that too. the way created narratives (even if death-dealing) provide release and escape...
i had a great convo with about this yesterday too...
don't be fooled though he is v sweet
i love this anime
the apps are klunky. i went all apple around the house so i can airplay to all rooms, or just one, with any device.
if all , what speakers?
this is a "heartfelt apology" from but it's hard to hear from 28 games behind 1st.
not cool, . not cool.
great new video on rita( by the amazing dan ! dan, also check the rita.untokenize(...
ah, untokenize! of course!
donald trump is really good at spending other people's money-on: legal settlements. payoffs. portraits of himself.
you just spend ours by selling favors for cash.
i'm about to go get a double double, fuck outta here with that shit.
plus the lines are already too long, i'm not tryna wait longer for some dick and his veggie burger.
exactly. i feel the same m. badge of honor! 2016
still fighting 2 of them..gonna delete my comment, don't need 85 notificatons.need to work out
so many assholes in my creative writing class omg
i've never been in a class with so many condescending fucks
no feed :) but we'll probably be very active on twitter and in the repo indeed
we're gonna learn how to do rss feed!
are they election shirts gone for good? i cancelled my order so i can add something else and now they're out of stock.
damn you slipped on that one bro.
is there one real fact in what he said?
accidentally maybe. it's hard to be inaccurate about everything.
caroline and ridge after she slept with thomas. "you reached out to me caroline" i didn't see that.
no one did. bell thinks he can make people see and feel things that don't exist because he says so. deplorable writing.
and i am telling you, today, that because stephen jackson is offering political advice...the world has gone mad
lol just so funny, not that i disagree w/ his pov on don king and $ but it's like why are we going here
a stunning 71 blacks kill each other for every 1 killed by a white cop. when's the protest?
question? are u saying that because you haven't seen every protest they didn't exist? or it's no big deal?
fans get face tattoos. fans shave their eyebrows like he does. ever emulated a celebrity?
just ask any .
wedding toast: "it is what it is." you can use that.
when i stepped on the glass at the ceremony my dad told "that'll be the last time u will put ur foot down in that marriage"
in the last five days, trump has done more than two hours worth of interviews with fox alone. 0 minutes nationally anywhere else.
he will no longer speak to the press, and will only do approved interviews. welcome the world of putin policy.
another day. why are people allowed to be on their phone at any time while driving?
people only follow the rules they think are important
were back to the , still felling the lifted vibes from . big thx for an amazing event
thanks so much for coming! it was great having you and the whole
yesterday i asked this girl who had the same septum ring as me if her ring was blva n she didn't know what that was?? pls take ur ring out
body vision los angeles. stop clownin, stop wearing fake gold. love yourself
i still think this is one of the funniest pictures to ever exist
geoff is gazing into the future like raven baxter while stephen looks confused af and shawn looks done
aries lie when they feel like you're trying to control them.
listen her. your read us already. no need to add-on.
this alabama town mirrors the us class divide on immigration via
you have divided america to help the dems
following you guys all day today tweet us the songs you're most excited for with &amp;
no promises
just had lunch at costco for the first time in a long time. not bad.
good bargain
. try reading the news
you should read this and stop worrying.
yesssss!!!! i love them!
ok imma need to pick your makeup part of ur brain to get some tips for everyday quick makeup
i'm gonna one up this with prime porky against this fucking trios:
that trios team is the trios team i want to watch for the rest of my life.
q3: which little travel moment has stayed with you forever?
a3. this moment with maria in cuba &lt;3
when you find rando secret t'tter accounts that you must've made in a hallucinatory alter reality, with hundreds of tweets in 'em.
do they talk to each other?
if it's not top-secret, which game is this from? i thought i knew all alderac's card games but i don't recognize the layout..
it is a sort of secret. the black box is a surprise product so this game is being teased until release. it's a brain burner
so true travis! looming threat of privitization to the health care system we love to brag about. scary stuff!
on the plus side you have a health care system
he works at a school near nyu now!
that's so funny! like what are the chances lol
gonna learn to cross stitch just to start a series of pieces inspired by ' tweets.
i'd make myself a sweater with kanye quotes
shouts on to for playing this song in dem cyphs!
that shits tuff brodie !
i think it's pretty cool that you're smart and talented! and yes i'm impressed that you can shit and read
starting to think i should have skipped college and just shit with a book more often
where are the ?
security will be the biggest hurdle for to go mainstream. i see cars as we need more research
but wait, there's more! is happening next year across the u.s. w/ &amp; ...
i cant handle these announcements
..then they're hurt &amp; they're done ("they be done"-twtr shorthand) ur twt is
now doing that is our job w/help from heaven w/no doubts. thx again stein powerful info
. says there is a systematic problem here that goes to the core of how state government operates. calls it "disconcerting"
can we try to find out the status on the clinton foundation investigation?? :)
look at this asshole try to worm his way out
used 14 characters. still 9/10 of a tweet left to add "nuance." (or incite violence in wordier fashion.)
congrats to coach joe on being one of five finalists for pacific swimming age group coach of the year!
congrats joe
can you tell it's 3am ?
now we know what wonders make up does
lol what's so funny
sounds familiar
i keep forgetting to get a body wash or something for the shower so i used my vitamin c &amp; collagen face cleanser instead
my skin feels amazing. it would be better if i had shaved but honestly who has the time
.: "what we've got are people who hate us, and we let them in. we're suckers."
no our elected officials are...we are waking up...
i dont pay tuition so a bunch of virgin nerds could meet for "smash club" before my psych class and try to talk to me about video games
you don't like to get smashed?
keep telling yourself that in that position you wouldn't protect your family
you make the assumption there is a family in that car. no one within 15 feet of that car either
it is clear he was never paying attention in civics and political science classes...no concept
you assume he actually went to those classes.
maybe also a brief history of seven killings by marlon james.
. agreed, one of my faves of 2015
nope. kind of embarrassed to admit this tbh. feel like i'm doing future gar a huge disservice.
no need to be embarrassed!
store raffle all information is below! raffle ends september 22nd!
ending today!
that haptic feedback in ios10 / iphone 7 is one of the those tiny, pleasing details that's impossible to show in an ad
i'm much preferring the new home "button"
just watched all your vlogs in a row, inspiring stuff! thanks for the inspiration from belgium!
thanks gil, stoked to hear
i was thinking bunions don't look attractive in peep toe slingbacks. go for stillies, i would
mmm, i wonder where we'll find a pair of size 11 stillies in san francisco?
that game is good, but it becomes an exercise in frustration later on.
i'm only through the first two bosses. needed a ds pokmon fix. the story is terrible but gameplay ok so far.
hi found you on so, as a catholic your work is incredibly interesting to me. would you ever up for a chat?
hi, walter; sorry for the late reply. i'm at your disposal: theoknock.com or 408-685-4049
and we've participated in wars we shouldn't have and are still selling weaponry to countries we shouldn't be
all of these things are still better than the us.
now i'm too fucked up to dance.
so ima sit wit my hand down the front of my pants
keep telling yourself that in that position you wouldn't protect your family
but fuck it, run 'em down. they ain't white, right!? must be dangerous to me
paddy pimblett () doesn't sign with ufc; resigns with
not to be pedantic but resigns and re-signs are different things! big news all the same
they might as well not even wear them anymore lmfao! isn't that why they started wearing them??
waste of tax money, they conveniently "accidentally" delete footage or "forget" to turn them on
all starts 2nite
careful you're ab to get blocked
thanks for the feedback, while our software is free, the actual products we help you make do have fees. we will fwd your comments!
do you consider a pdf export a product you make? this is very confusing :)
turning it off then re-saving your custom workspace should do the trick.
wait. seriously. don't play with my heart.
we can debate terry's decisions last night, but one i just didn't get: removing kelly johnson. he's their best ph.
removing reed is another
that part i get, but this isn't even a good one.
very very true.
it seems like nationalism is spreading across the world..
yes indeed.
fans get face tattoos. fans shave their eyebrows like he does. ever emulated a celebrity?
i love a lot of celebrities but none enough to get a face tattoo
i'll be making a point of heading over to copper box this season to get some shots of and the...
ahhh thanks rob!!! we'll be there
looks like jumped in for you here, but feel free to shoot us a dm with any other questions or feedback!
&lt;3 you both
my stopped working! i may never sleep again! :(
please give a call at 866-220-2569 toll-free in the us. we'll fix the problem asap so you can sleep! :)
and btw you were busy playing. i had no one to talk to huhuhu
you were busy reading me your articles while i was playing.
chance the rapper music just ain't my vibe
it's almost like christian rap now, heavy gospel influence
scanner: two-vehicle collision on hwy 1 at salinas road. both parties trapped, according to dispatch.
chp reports that one of the vehicles flipped over the guardrail, trapping the occupant at salinas road on highway 1.
[whispers] i've never really listened to a radiohead album for this reason
[whispers] idontlikeradioheadthatswhyidontlistentothem
i don't follow brother..
can you give reasonable, thought-out opinions on the subject of illegal immigration, rather than "i don't like immigrants"
i can't stand it when ppl practically drink perfume
me either - it's so disgusting and intrusive
cumming shortly climbs aboard
hope roxy rode that giant swan, in more ways than one!!
wtf you at
i was in sc but back in sj now.
random pro-tip: one day i tried putting an avocado in a beer koozie &amp; it was ripe next day. been doing it ever sinc...
finally something to do w all those beer koozies
loved talking to about this cd and ...
you second inversion!
alaska/virgin think they're going to be huge in the years.
*ten. ugh, i'm turning into
find someone to travel with
shit id folow that ass anywhere too
all you need to know. obama is president and relations between races are falling apart, and all government authority is in question.
. christian. chuck never understood scrabble rules. &amp; u call yourself a doctor
peep what you want this still wasn't about you.
i know lol if it was about me you would @ me right?
anthony weiner allegedly had online sexual relationship w/ 15 year old girl. what do you think?
the man is sick and should have been ordered to be under a doctors care long before this.
ta muchly for the rt....hope the weird is treating you right :)
yes, it's pulling back the curtain and giving too many delicious ideas ...
someone please tell me i don't need to purchase a giant neon skull light for my room...
you don't need to purchase a giant neon skull light for your room
what's most depressing is that we can still be shocked. it wasn't like she thought she was talking to her klansmen...
see her comments re: working in real estate.
more than anything liberals love , love them some bratton. he'll either be in clinton cabinet or advising her directly.
they'll both get hung if they're still ill enough to be thinking that
put on a turtlekneck and they'll look like broken condoms
you mean what you're the result of?
today is my 5 year twitch partner anniversary! i think i should stream some legion.
congrats! so cooooool
and we've participated in wars we shouldn't have and are still selling weaponry to countries we shouldn't be
"the soda pop river is less sweet this year, and the gummi deer are eating the candy cane trees."
love the fall...
yeah, sharon, me 2!
i'm late in this bandwagon pero maymay is a riot haha!
shes over crazy to lizquen
. has his - have you got yours? the new is on sale now -
i'll run down and buy shortly.
ezra &amp; kanan's skills were no match for darth vader in "the siege of lothal."
i need to watch this and
alternate side parking around the new sterling pl lane. whoever made this happen is awesome.
it takes one sensible person to start it, all sheep will follow.
if you wanna have him bring it back, we can take care of that for him! ^h
i don't want another one, because i don't want to take the chance of this happening again.
copters, sirens, and diverted muni routes because of this:
two hours later: no explosives found. it was just an abandoned pressure cooker by the goodwill on van ness.
marion cotillard announces that she is pregnant, denounces brad pitt affair rumors! what do you think?
in my book, one and one still equals two so i don't believe her.
many lives were saved.
one more nugget: the sweet old lady reported this security threat to my lovely muslim co-worker and manager. what a time to be alive!
there's that, but remember it's a collection of living cells that make up a hive of sorts. they band together to multiply.
dude you've got to stop with the smart talk, you're turning too many women on!!
lol i interviewed that guy back in 2008 after he worked with gaga on 'the fame.' whatever happened to him??
i saw his first solo performance *ever* and was convinced i was watching history...here we are now. maybe gaga put a hex on him
how to fillet a fish
good looking out
major world power accuses obama of siding with isis!
major world power is right
but it's interesting to note that rick and brady were drafted by crap teams as well as clausen.
montana had great timing. also, dwight caught that pass.
i don't follow brother..
don't let sweeping generalizations by others bother you. you're a smart guy with smart opinions. just back your opinions with reason
if he had a gun in his hand i understand. i legally carry almost everyday.
: unfortunately none of the rioters think like we do. we are waiting &amp; seeing what the facts are.
nicole franzel crowned winner of big brother 18. what do you think?
it was tough going but worth the wait.
"nursing is so different than religion. if you get a 50% in religion, the professor says that if we pray about it, they'll up our grade."
prayer works in nursing too, sometimes... not all the time!
paddy pimblett might not be in the ufc yet but he's still on fight pass. that's a big benefit for all sides.
good point sean! this promotes fight pass, cage warriors and gives paddy another fight or two before he makes the big show
sorry about your experience. for follow up, can you provide which train line you were on?
pitts/bay point in daly city direction
was about to celebrate not getting the tiff flu, but here we are.
not gonna stop you from partying saturday, i presume.
i'll try and get some more shots this time. i was working for surrey on my last visit so had to focus (literally!) on them.
awesome got some newbies too
if you throw in any kind of realistic model of how the economy functions we should be talking 4 c
note missing carbon feedbacks. those will bite hard, esp. permafrost and tropical/boreal forest loss.
my flight has started its descent towards msp airport, so i'm signing off. thanks for all the great questions at
there's a curiously good ramen restaurant in that airport.
you might see me on tv one day who knows lol
sounds good. all the best!
i have to witness this nonsense
aight give me a few months
can we discuss the fact that my roommate got a life sized cutout of his dog for our dorm...
i hope it runs away
you guys are squares
i'm high off life. also im reeeaaly boring
retweet in 5 seconds for good luck or have bad luck for 50 years
it's a bunch of you
still a wait
changed ma number
black boys are a beautiful creation, but the spanish papisssss aren't wack chilllllll
yeah they not lol
that man right there is something else
when you look the way you look you should not jump on a band wagon of little haters.
you are more than welcome to leave.
a little extreme no? i'm not a fan of bibi either? to where should i go?
this morning brought to you by endless coffee.
i need coffee
right!?mine sits on the shitter forever and you would think he'd be a damn genius by now!
shit mine should be a neurosurgeon by now!
currently in npm peer dependency hell . send help.
sorry, 'help' is not a valid package name.
&amp; just to be clear, i am not a trump supporter.
i think you're right about most of his supporters. their minds are made up. but i think this matters for undecided voters
dropping a bass house mix tomorrow :)
not possible unless you have had like 5 mimosas
i don't envy reporters who have to cover donald trump. he is truly one of the least fascinating public figures.
true. but you never have nothing to write about, or have to invent storylines to hook readers. trump a headline writers dream.
da fuck? you offer to enlighten me then say do it yourself. umm...ok. lol
i gave you a name there's plenty of articles i don't know which ones you trust. but here.
maybe they should. then maybe we should all just continue to act like everyone else is terrible until we all kill each othet.
: i was being sardonic. more violence/crime isn't the answer.
this is turning out really nice. now we just have to massage a bit and we can ship this beauty.
i would love to be able to spend more time on jazzy to minimize the amount of massaging necessary... never enough hours
i'm at the linkedin event taking sneaky pics of weiner!
you at a vision acceleration event?
wtf? i do not have any type of mental illness, but for someone to say something like is utterly disturbing.
yeah this person is an ignorant fool. very immature.
fall is my favorite season
it indian summer tho
it's different if i signed up for your mailing list. i expect that. but don't cold email me with a batch of beats you sent to 200 others.
this is why all my beats are on my site the only way to get them is by purchase
you really hate all of us don't you?
not at all! ... ok maybe a little?
you can go through down cycles. you're no longer a glamour program. then you are again. notre dame's been there. us...
exactly. you can add nebraska and florida to that list.
i'd love to see detailed polling analysis on that 30-40%. i suspect they're mostly liberal, but also uninformed.
studies show it isn't ideology that causes voter apathy. it is banal things like two jobs and no babysitter.
looking through my photos from my 8th grade and i'm about 10 seconds from going outside and burning these pics
haha you can't be doing shit like that, it's a dark rabbit hole.
i left my wife, , so i could frolic in portugal for a week. don't miss all the glamour in today's episode:...
you guys are handsome af bye.
is the funniest person ever
these bitches testing us
word. add hip-hop to that too. the way created narratives (even if death-dealing) provide release and escape...
and that says something about the work of oppression too, right? that escape can lend itself to death-dealing...
have a little homework for you
"unfortunately i ran out of memory space." that's how fat this match is
autumn leaves. happy !
very cool-love the pics you show us-thank you!
yeah, we're going to. we need to not turn the planet into venus. the rest is emergency adaptation.
venus at least not a risk. worst-case resembles petm, plenty bad enough.
i kinda wanna participate in round 2 of the reel-kingsman thing again but /remembers last time nah
what happened last time?
don't delete. i thought it was awesome.
tks t...i had to in order to get some things done other than fighting idiot trolls all day lol
and jason and josh
why so many? i am bringing eva... i want room to sleep
i'm not good at math, but i guess nbc/wsj aren't either
respondents were allow to name more than one
you guys are handsome af bye.
you're always invited.
this is amazing
it's never going to end yo
why isn't the cashier office open @ 9am? why 10am? i don't understand.
then they take a 12pm-1pm lunch.. like their hours are hella inconvenient.
if u join yt heroes u get pts 4 mass flag ppl!
: exactly starting trouble &amp; being a bitch.
i was very surprised by the plot twist in this is us
krystie and i made jaimie tell us what it was before we watched and we legit gasped.
happy first day of fall
that's wild
just the wonderful world of twitter!
. gotta love twitter!
when you think you have the most hilarious card in cards against humanity, but you don't win.
everytime i that i pay tony morrison's vagina or daniel radcliffe's delicious asshole.... and it loses!
after nissan + tax rebates, cost was equivalent to buying a used car from craigslist @$~15k.. but new and with more range.
congrats pete, nice ride.
what i would do for a chicken bacon ranch slice from amicis right now
i was thinking the same thing just a second ago....
i'm not from here. i just live here.
there are some pretty awesome things up there. my wife's got family there
i just don't understand how 60 ppl voted on the bpm.. but only 5 sent beats
i got beats if u neeed some
how many sick days does she get? how many weeks will she take off if ?
she'll would break obummers record probably
they put on a great live show, just don't love the album. you'll dig it, especially with bas bad hats opening.
i think i'm equally excited to see bad bad hats.
my latest article for ... wish i had written it years ago. so many knives could have been saved!
my wife would demand i read this article if i didn't just read it. she is always upbraiding me for putting steak knives in.
the system isnt set up for 3rd party. ppl voting for 3rd don't learn from history. nader gave us bush
we can't take that risk this election too much to loose &amp; much at stake!
last 24 hours = 17 followers and 18 unfollowers (stats by app)
hi frenchies &amp; skin1 gr8 tweets etc..folowed u for a while..glad to be part of team feel free 2 follow me 2 anytime-y'all be well
also haven't done this in a while but i'll be following a bunch of you today
i'm so excited for and to meet you tomorrow love
protester just slammed into reporter ed levandera. i wonder what that was supposed to accomplish.
clinton foundation is vilified, trump gets away with fraud. thx 4 your piece today.
both want to torture people? both ridicule the disabled? both have not released their tax returns? both are being sued for rape?
both broke security protocol? both lied about benghazi? i could answer you tit/tat. point is neither has "presidential" character.
oh wow mary berry is leaving too.
makes me wonder what's so awful about moving to channel 4.
boston aint that bad lmao.
the article just said otherwise lol.
connie, the scale snail stickers are now available! check them out at . ...
why did i think her name was sally?
hate asking this. but with him playing against denver and missing practice. who to start?
green for sure. he is a wr1.
"crown heights doesn't have a lot of real rich history to it." my dude why
amazing how was able to find so much, then!
it only took 9 months to fill my resume up enough to get rid of all my oneonta stuff. super psyched about that.
it's like your career had a baby
if referring to charlotte as i understand it he was a felon so 2nd does not apply under current law. no rights to own a gun.
if it were just charlotte, it wouldn't be a major issue. it's systemic! im sure the cops didn't know his record when they shot him
lawsuit: transgender inmate raped at new orleans' new jail via
that is one mean jail. poor thing, jailed for a victimless crime and subjected to that.
nope, i don't use simple or anything else. =x but uses simple and she loves it!
i do! i love it! lemme know if you have any questions (and i'll refer you so you can get a sweet wallet)
lmao don't know what the issue was. you literally just wasted your time on this tweet tho
just like you are too right now right??
well, i finally bought an electric car. it's a 2016 leaf with the bigger battery, which i find can do 150 miles if...
nice! will you track your ongoing ownership costs with this car and share with the mmm community?
i miss unlimited access to haribo. i tore through an entire bag of sauer goldbren on my layover :(
and the coconut haribo! mmm
a severed head.
he's fibbing, he would make a 3d replica of his junk and sell it on ebay!
dei koot, you just started working. say this in 5 years
great to know that you would consider me young, 5 years from now
lol.. have fun. back to work
thanks don't work too hard lol
couldn't be more proud to be part of the outrage machine. it's a badge of honor to be regarded as an outraged femin...
i think the point of the article was that your outrage machine manufactures outrage.
now that it's out that the poll numbers are settled right down party lines,trump getting 90% of the republicans,seems they were hiding out!
trump getting 84% of gop. hillary getting 90% of dems. more dems than gop. we vote. we win,.
does this mean there will be no decision today, because public comment will take a few days again?
speakers only get 1-2 mins. they will only be taking speaker slips during a 1-hr window. vote today is possible but not guaranteed
unfortunately it is true, these are sad times for our campus.
this is truly sad! i saw cops and ambulance on campus last night...
q5: if you could relive one travel moment, what would it be?
a5. bathing and papmering elephants in thailand instead of riding them.
you're still in love with me but your friends don't know
don't put me on blast like that
well.. after an 11 hour journey and 7 hours detention they let me into the uk. thanks immigration so tired.
oh wow that's sucks why did they detain u
with full strength kyrie and tristan in the starting lineup, you'd hope cavs starters would put up elite on/off numbers.
my thing w/ cavs is finding a non-lbj lineup convo which is a plus. no excuse kyrie or love shouldn't be able to anchor that
when some people follow u,like every picture you post for 2 weeks straight,once they get the follow back they become ghosts
i love the ones who follow you for 2 days,and unfollow if they don't get a follow back
you read articles. i read raw information that doesn't have an opinion because i'm smart enough to form my own.
if that's the case then why don't you read the depositions like i did, on your own, like i said. i gave you the name to look up.
release escape imaginations of new worlds ambitions migrations of spirit reclamations
hmm. migrations of spirit. that's such a powerful image to me.
yiiiikes my professor assigned us to write a "pornographic" poem and i'm awkward as hell i've never watched porn. does the l word count???
her grading is probably going to be based on how wet she gets from the poem or if we leave her dry as a cracker. ugh.
this is the first installment of a seven-part story i worked on for the better part of a year. it's nuts.
both you and intercept have still not "picked off"(intercepted) the bank for international settlement, our wwide mafia
lady you need to pinch yourself!
they're mad because he's up to 20% support from blacks...lol
your daily hot girl wearing socks is the scintillating
why can't nfl referees look like that??
who wants to go to disney tomorrow
and get boba after
i think that may be the hardest thing to teach, especially to female players, is the fact you are one functional unit..together
i was working with a midfield 3 playing 7v4 (based on # i had) trying to get them to defend as a function group.
in hs she would never let us touch her. i still don't believe it when she actually goes for a hug
this explains so much honestly
agreed. there are some who really believe that he will help. i simply can't believe that he is this close to winning. sad times
all the more important to fight in the swing states and maximize turnout
every time i see someone spit on the sidewalk in nyc i wish his (generally men) mother swallowed him
there's not a whole lot of that anywhere else
nothing like free pop corn at a hardware store, that's real life
the good life!!!
it wasn't a critique. we try to contribute the stuff back. looks like it choked on class properties with a runtime error.
not taken as a critique. more a self-critique. i think objc class props was fixed in sourcekitten not too long ago
meeting up, so we can give you dresses?
we don't get to go, homie. it's just them. we have to settle for pictures
i am literally unable to explain chat room motivations. it's a different type of topic, i guess.
studied this stuff at naropau joanna macy chaos theory and gaia notions of the transcendentalists william james etal
top cleric during a prayer in the grand meccan mosque. none of this contributes to terrorism. happy...
there are millions of muslims in the us and they are all sane good citizens, for 50 years literally none become terrorists
. child care is unaffordable for many esp black and brown families. what will trump &amp; clinton do to fix it?
trump "dont have babies".
i'll read your link. wish it wasn't some poverty left leaning article but whatever.
lol you are proving my point. find the truth with the direction i gave you
excellent . keep up the good work! you're 2b commended-w/all the hate the left keeps regurgitating y...
thank you!
world champ playing 11 opponents at once with just 30 mins on his clock for all games
that's called whitechesspremacy :-)
i was at the dmv !
lmao i'm playing but that's such a 1-1,000,000 chance he would be in there
it's like when hears dnb anywhere he gets pissed but if lorin plays it it's ok
but lets not go nd say every ac set is perfect... they were brought how they were nd deferred from that for awhile
i'm still hoping will one day get around to that promised article fully debunking this :)
given the miniature caselaw review in that ruling, i feel like i need the essay a lot less now.
cool sounds good. 'from manhattan, ny' sounds like you're having more fun than me right now!
i'm just chilling before my flight home... but it's always nice to get out in nyc
i discovered my patronus is a leopardess on j.k. rowling's . find yours:
does that make you a girl?
so my breakfast date, , just received his breakfast and someone in the kitchen is a jokester
polenta, poached eggs and a big ole sausage is kind of inviting mischief. awesome pic!
i love the ones who follow you for 2 days,and unfollow if they don't get a follow back
me i follow people who's work inspire me and you should do the same.
i mean if you're using it to pee it's pretty easy to hide it, so i feel like this one's on you for walking around half mast
you know how you undo your fly while you walk towards the urinal for max efficiency? that's what i was doing
i just had to pay 25 cents at mcdonalds to take a pee. this world is so awesome
wtf they charge to use the restroom?
i need those "99 problems but a witch ain't one"
lmaoooo i have the one that says "witch please"
please inform me. tell me about the protests against black murderers &amp; thugs killing blk ppl. thanks.
is that how you answer all questions?
get a uber then
that's expensive and i shouldn't have to be scared in the country i live in
there are millions of muslims in the us and they are all sane good citizens, for 50 years literally none become terrorists
then you have this medieval shit in various places. i tell ppl in the us- where do you think that comes from?
obama finally spill the beans about crooked hillary undercover dealings and record of corruption. finally the truth.
ha yes he is-what a gr8 campaigner maybe we get something good out of obama? i dont know but god knows all our
yeah cuz if there's one thing people really hate, it's competitive rates, the nation's fastest lte network, and free lyft rides
this message brought to you by t-mobile
a lot of media elites have their own advocacy. they're just not as honest about it as you are!
substitute the term "media elites" with presidential candidates and the term "advocacy" with propaganda outlets. thx
that's player!! lol u in cali rn?
yesss lol! i'll be home in december!
looks like twitter is in agreement - hillary clinton hit sold gold on between two ferns. consulting in a large off...
that actually got me to laugh out loud like the acronym we use so much but seldom mean.
what does any of this have to do with ?
what did i miss?
you can eat products guilt free; they're enviro friendly! that's what we call sweet
and what about their bottled water? getting sustainable as well?
yeah. kyrie did a pretty good job last year in a down year, but it could be better.
additions of frye (shooter) and dunleavey (high iq ball mover) prob help this.
does tmobile really have a nationwide outage? tomorrow's going to be lit
i had data issues last night as well...
i should probably take corey out. sure he doesn't want to be tagged in this conversation..lol..sorry!
i always forget to do that!!
they do! i promise! the new hood will be better with liquids than my leathers, and has better mouth access
those are two very important things!
ftr, i am not trying to blame sanders for any of clinton's problems. i am criticizing sanders for the ways he failed his own stated goals.
what's this re:?
it's jus siva strikes dude, not heroics. there's a separate list called siva strikes
yea i noticed when i checked awhile ago..
loool who tf are you and why r u in my mentions with this "translated" bs
1. this is an open forum. 2. who are you? who cites you?
working on a goat mascot for a client!
this is sick
to : real settlements palestinians want are haifa, jaffa &amp; tlv.
at least he admits they are settlements as well
"laser perforated". that's fire
too much sauce!
here's a tip: don't spend your fuckin money.
dude i can't help it
who you picking this fight? i have linares in a competitive fight
under the radar solid matchup. lean linares but chinnnnn.
isn't it car?
yes but i was in a tunnel underwater at the time
if you make beats or know any talented young producers, hmu!! im tryna work
ii got beats
you is blessed girl, you is blessed
thank youuuu
trump to lester holt: don't fact-check debates.
facts, who needs facts?
i thought it was very funny, btw.
don't you know that humor died on the morning of january 1st, 2016.
like, the idea seems to be that the muppets blur the boundary a little more than other "fictional characters", by design
postmodern fiction is still fiction.
nobody to this day has been able to explain what the hell happened at brazil's flagship enterprise. by
at least no one elected... better quote: petrobras wasn't a national scandal. it was a national swindle.; )
happening now: dignitaries at paris agreement signing ...
so when did signing the paris agreement bcome event on its own?
driverless cars can throw 5 million uber, truck &amp; other drivers out of work-we need to do something to help-my story
cc i'm sure you have something relevant to post here
he paid the price &amp; yeah they shut him up really quick. he was also talking abt auditing federal reserve &amp; exposing...
bis. how fuck 361million people aren't flying to basel armed is nutz.
omfg. do any of his supporters actually listen to the words he is saying? help us.
i know you can't stand more than 1 min of trump talking
we have decided to end the next month. doing this show w has been so special &amp; meaningful.
end of an era!
we've never talked, so why not send an awkward tweet about my podcast? only 5 minutes long...
i swear i saw you at wegmans. am i right?
and i just gave you 2 examples of non white men who got same treatment. can give plenty more. stop the nonsense
2!?!? that's it? come on you serious? i can give you 20 of the top of my head
can't see it :(
lol he must have you blocked. he said there are no mullahs in iran.
2. it's not a ton of former bernie supporters but it's enough that it could swing the election
unless he's in the race to make sure trump wins because a vote for gary is a vote for trump.
freespeech isn't free, it has consequences. if your job is public performance you shouldn't alienate 1/2 the public
just unfollowed nathan. now feel like i wasted 8 yrs on . no reruns anymore
now i want a pin. or an ... something
i'm thinking an ice cream cake for you would have been appropriate. it's a bigger deal than a birthday, those are every year.
happy first day of fall! we have to ask...what made you "fall" for maryland basketball?
my first maryland game was the "gone in 60 seconds" game in 2001.
all of a sudden i'm less impressed.
there's seriously almost nothing new besides siri.
if i knew i could have got you to shut up by tweeting your work i would have started...
what happened ?
ok you come back on nov 9 and talk to me then because she hasn't sunk anything but making racists mad at her lol
god you libs are so unoriginal and boring..maybe you can catch a ride with some hollywood trash to canada on nov..9th..lol
god dammit gerb. which one is you and which is me?
both are just so darn good lookin, i can't tell.
i think it might be "divorce"???
but still it's like, what's her "angle"???????
gambling, attractive venues, frequent performances and pay services. future f1 sounds a lot like a vegas strip show.
if it's like a vegas strip show, what kind of "pay" services are we talking about? verstappen might not be old enough to work.
bad day for the "why don't those kooky kids in silicon valley try to solve the important problems?" trope.
the trope does exist for a good reason, great counterexamples like mark, elon, larry and sergey notwithstanding.
hysterical. (not in a funny way. just hysterical.)
no, your responses have been hysterical in both ways. the fact you can't counter mine help prove it...;)
then you have this medieval shit in various places. i tell ppl in the us- where do you think that comes from?
ppl have to be taught to think that way, and that takes millions of these books being shipped out. not a complicated thing
$auph watch if this breaks $2.20 very oversold and due for a bounce.
do you have some price targets you'll use to sell around?
more smiles=more joy=more learning! let's give our students reasons to smile today.
yes! learning is supposed to be fun
so our health minister, now has her posts written by reasonable hank?
people retweet from many sources. what's the issue?
you're always invited.
tyler this is a family site.
perfect occasion for me to use my favorite emoji:
was just talking about margaret with a mutual friend, this is great, also, hi!, i have to email you
god dammit gerb. which one is you and which is me?
also the picture's caption is "twins"
you can go through down cycles. you're no longer a glamour program. then you are again. notre dame's been there. us...
did u need prescription or are those readers? i finally had to break down and by the latter....
happy birthday tho!!! :)
lol thanks! :-)
happening now: dignitaries at paris agreement signing ...
u all have done well. time 2 return home, nigrians are starving
no, i am part of the solution. i abide by the law and live an honest life. need more people like me
your apathy makes you part of the problem, your defense of the minority of bad cops ensures no accountability
wow supremacy, what a big bag of crap tht game mode is
i think your no longer into destiny, dude. cause that new mode is so fun.
he does not give a damn about this country.
no, he doesn't care. sadly, the sheeple live in fantasy land, only believing what the're being told, th...
why on earth would they want to vaccinate with a live polio vaccine, known to spread polio?
in the third world? because before polio is under control, opv is more effective at stopping polio.
i think it was all a necessary process. hard to say if bad or good. glad to see sg getting discussed!
it was surprising. music acts like l7, phair, hole, amos, bjork were on the rise. spice girls ended that moment overnight.
ppl have to be taught to think that way, and that takes millions of these books being shipped out. not a complicated thing
i am beating a dead horse but this is a real fucking revelation to 99% of americans who hear it explained
i dont know how fade is inappropriate.... its only the most inspirational fitness video of 2016..........
fucking white women
where do you find them??????
i'm just a recycler. and do the real digging.
i would not be surprised if trump even wins ny it is his home state many have jobs bc if him i live here no one sup...
msm is freaking out over trump. the line between spin &amp; lie is fading fast. this is too much fun!
$axon bull (singular) argues to me that intepiridine dose advantage means ph3 could still succeed where lundbeck, pfizer have failed.
its really bad news
i guess everybody produces beats now?
everyone does many things its life
ap fails in an average of 3 years. dorit, do you think we should jab every year, and only have 20% failure rate?
natural immunity can also fail in four years.
what a lovely cultural experience :)
thank you! it was a beautiful moment in time.
the u.s. - more than any other nation - must take steps to bring about the peaceful world we all wish to see...
america is an empire--the largest in world history--and empires thrive on war.
yo im really out here stranded with a flat ass tire n this bitch wont let me get 5$ cash back so i can use 1.50 for some fucking air!!!
why did the same kinda thing happen to me yesterday
nooo it's the same day as the 2nd o2 show would it be bad to choose ne-yo over the 1975
no that would be a good move
do you think this sways a single voter?
nary a one.
why didn't you answer my question. i want to know.
i'm sorry, i thought i posed the first question to you? why are you deflecting? am i being too aggressive?
these two fight saturday
hatton: "i know crolla can do the business against linares and i'll be beaming with pride to see him lift that ring magazine belt."
its not hence the winky face.chances r just random heat exausted mascot or show of defeat
frog lives matter
trump has had a 5 year tab open on birtherism &amp; thinks he can do a dine &amp; dash in the whole thing. will let him keep hiding?
not expecting much
wow i bet that person is still alive not dead like etc.....
thats great-nice elaine-what is wrong with you? what did this guy do except be at the wrong place.shame on u.
veterans day 2063: -did you serve, grandpa? -not officially i owned a lot of people online. it was hell but... that. that was my service.
the way it should be
oh no i pay attention, did quite well on my bio test, learning and believing are two different things sir.
then they must assume the answer to your question "where are the monkeys" is so simple you googled the answer.
thank god i have days off in october from school. i need it badly
factssss!!! mad days off in october lmfao cant wait
leave it to a retired police officer to be clueless on social issues...
general statement a lot of thought went into making it i'm sure. typical statement made by a typical human being
who knew that reading your textbook actually helps????
textbooks are a myth
actually, no. we channel how our audience is already feeling about this election.
in my opinion shareblue creates pro hrc narratives that your audience accepts as fact
what is steer wear?
lmaoo i meant street wear. typo fuck it
the answer to a violent tragedy can't be more violence. as leaders, we must promote calm, peaceful dialogue.
and give everyone a lollipop. lollipops are love on a stick. stick it to someone today. (may be tax deductible.)
man carrying a gun, and people are rioting? 99.9% of cop interactions with civilians don't end this way. the media doesn't show
if a man breaks a law, arrest him, provide evidence at trial, convict him, period, cops can't be judge jury &amp; executioner
nobody sounds the perfect set every time they perform and just because they go in a different direction doesn't mean it's not good
but it really wasnt good.. thats not an opinion hahaa
throwing an $8 bluetooth 4.0 usb dongle in this 2010 macbook pro was possibly one of my best decisions in a long time.
what do u use it for?
man, if he does that, any perceived black vote is done! this dude is scary. it's like voting for george wallace!
he was testing the water with don king the other day. it's just a matter of time. him or some mouthpiece for him.
gotta be game of the year with them scores,gears hopefully will score similar:)
gears won't hit , 85 87 area imo
is in full swing! some of you ladies are getting personal with your take two entries. be mindful, a lot of toughened eyes are watching.
be sure to vote for
note to my eulogist: i am a gif in the new ios, apparently
one of the best most subtle eye rolls in the game.
many people hate me which kills me inside genuinely. i haven't made it until im able to show the best of me to everyone.
you know that one guy in league that is always talking shit, and for whatever reason? you'll get people like that, and-
my list wins.
ha ha. ok. still you beating the same drum and not winning hearts/minds can be a little ponderous. you be you. i be me.
i hate bitches that have boards and don't even skate forreal.
like bitch show me a kick flip.
ah, chrysler, when it was chrysler: built like tanks, and art deco too (pre-vw) [also, ever...
airflow details
. fascinating. i knew there was a reason i prefer to use font :-) btw, where are the answers to &amp; 3?
i didn't see questions 2 &amp; 3? were they in there?
no bikes at city hall station. app says there are 9. is it broken??
happy to dig into this. please dm so we can get all the details.
it's never a good sign when you boss shares their screen and they have the capybara docs open.
it got worse
oh no i pay attention, did quite well on my bio test, learning and believing are two different things sir.
then they must assume the answer to your question "why are there monkeys" is so simple you googled the answer.
i just have to see hardcore evidence of racism before i can go there, it's such a powerful accusation
i no this isn't the same effort, but the court declares vids "passed with racially discriminatory intent"
yeah, it sheds, they vaccinated a few in australia, now all the kids have it.
opv can, extremely rarely, shed. it's a risk if you're not immunized. but wild virus sheds much more.
about to answer some of your questions.
what track on would you say you would have never saw yourself making 10 years ago?
please send your prayers my way, as i am taking my math midterm today. lots of prayers needed. thank you. sincerely, lauren.
i have my astronomy midterm today....you know what to do.
this is the first time i specifically remember: before that i don't think anyone cared.
happy belated tenth anniversary then ;)
fuck him and his steroid using, phone breaking ass. about time people stopped sucking his dick.
but your an o's fan and he has owned your team for 13 years, what if he was on your team?
such a shame. was excited to see this guy play! looks like a lot of potential
is the hammer though him and collins might be the hardest hitting duo in the league
who's at evc and has advil or tylenol hmu
i don't have any :( but the student store has to have some!
teachers should be focused on the children in their care, not on providing armed security for schools...
amen thank you very much.
felt alotta this week. west coast used facebook messenger and east used text + twitter. only 1 of 'em is in my work/playflow
sending west coast love via twitter :)
the pdf we sell is a product. if you need more help to speak with a support agent please open a ticket:
i understand, selling a pdf to costumers is a product. not exporting a decent resolution pdf for internal review
ok. assumptions. um, i did vote for sanders. but unlike you, i realize that, sometimes in life, we don't always get a pony.
you're clearly bulllshitting. no sanders supporter would write of the dnc rigging the primary as not "getting a pony."
. seems like they should be paying you, doesn't it?
all flocking to scott with great admiration is what money cannot buy!
man, if he does that, any perceived black vote is done! this dude is scary. it's like voting for george wallace!
i keep getting this ominous feeling in the pit of my stomach, but i keep telling myself it can't happen here.
at beautiful belmont park for 2 jump races. 7-5-4 in first hoping for special skills to edge fresh ice it. 6-4-2 in mild upset in second.
i didn't know they have jump races at belmont. steeplechase?
fuck him and his steroid using, phone breaking ass. about time people stopped sucking his dick.
have a feeling you would feel differently.
that avi though bro
that's my inner being
never. you never need to do that.
my heartburn says otherwise
never asked where you by bombing ?
mile in a half from us
for everyone asking for the setlist from these shows
how dare you pay dust to tied to you smdh... a disappointment.
gonna be the first to say it...the daft punk x the weeknd track doesn't work. sounds like a demo, just like the jay z track does.
agreed. two such powerhouses it should've been better
the beautiful midnight sleep set from our collection, available to pre-order now! :...
i so love this new campaign. can we chat?
who are you bitch u mentioned me outta fukn nowhere.. stfu and get a life white trash lmao
what happens when i do not shut up? racist much?
please don't say "women's fw class isn't deep enough in the ufc" when there wasn't even a bw division to *build* before rousey.
i got told "i want to watch her fight but you can't expect a whole division to be created simply because of one person" y'day.
u all have done well. time 2 return home, nigrians are starving
coming from someone who used to work at the nigerian mission at the un?
i have never fought an adult baby before. have your mom sign your permission slip.
yooooooooo
u are always generous with your time ( hanggat kaya, gagawin!!!)
npk generous nmn tlga!!! not only for his time but for everything! such a selfless man keep it up quenito! we love you
has the google hangouts ios app gone completely to shit for anybody else recently? constant crashing, won't log in, can't message anybody.
well good news! now google wants you to use their new chat client, also! :-|
ok. assumptions. um, i did vote for sanders. but unlike you, i realize that, sometimes in life, we don't always get a pony.
no sanders supporter would write off hillary's horrid corrupt warmongering as you have on this thread.
hey are you connected with ?
on facebook? yep :) haven't collaborated yet though
who are you bitch u mentioned me outta fukn nowhere.. stfu and get a life white trash lmao
you liked a tweet i was mentioned in. try and keep up.
we can't and won't stand silent in the face of cold-blooded murder. we're speaking up &amp; demanding action!
yes stop cold-blooded killing in us of african-americans but also need to stop foreign policy killing in their own
new xnj blog!: christiana cinn () to appear
now, ladies and gentleman, we have ourselves a convention.
many people hate me which kills me inside genuinely. i haven't made it until im able to show the best of me to everyone.
doesn't really have anything to do with you. it's just how they are, with their own lives. you can't change that, but--
selling a mk bag. in perfect condition. got it as a gift and don't want it. lmk if interested
donate it to the less fortunate (me)
til about yinztagram
pittsburghers, man...
people need to understand how their vote can make a difference in their lives.and we need to make voting easier.1/2
i agree. the lament every election is "my vote doesn't matter." but we have yet to fix that.
i ask u2 write in my name 4 potus. show that .neither party serves th citizens/workers/farmers of usa.
hey roseanne! here's the whole of
switch out my cup i kill any pain
im going to mute u
collecting other open humans of new york that might be interested in participating, see here:
it also would be very cool to see this project/data listed in ! in case you're interested... (1/2)
ok. assumptions. um, i did vote for sanders. but unlike you, i realize that, sometimes in life, we don't always get a pony.
so, try again, ctr troll with 100 followers.
hahaha, bro! this day was one for the books. love you! thank you!!!
but it was a night for the books !
the rioting by the blm savages is all america needs to see.
what a stupid comment they are criminals not savages
so when did signing the paris agreement bcome event on its own?
coming from someone who used to work at the nigerian mission at the un?
haha you can go bug someone else now i will be here on nov 9 to laugh at you see you then
you trolled me honey...yes move along ..you have no argument, so good timing..lol
i'm tired of this being turned into a black/white issue. situation in charlotte is a perfect example. black cops kills black
let me be clear, a cop shooting a black man may not be racially motivated, but when there's no accountability over &amp; over
question: was the giant xlb at shanghai you garden soup only or did they have meat too? la versions have meat and soup.
a little bit of meat mostly broth
all your crazy theories are wrong. maybe. my final mess of thoughts on s2:
ooh. im excited for your take!
haha bc he takes a knee or bc he sucks?
both but it's more because he's sucks
many people hate me which kills me inside genuinely. i haven't made it until im able to show the best of me to everyone.
you can continue to inspire as many people as you can, with who you are. but some people choose not to be inspired.
myself in 3 fictional characters.
not ideologically, but methodologically ....
ok. assumptions. um, i did vote for sanders. but unlike you, i realize that, sometimes in life, we don't always get a pony.
in fact, don't bother. you've been exposed and lost the debate. take a block.
first three snapchat accounts i followed: 1. 2. and 3.
yes and thank you!
my condolences.
pogdolences.
does zuk know the nih spends 10x that each year? or does he think they just fund the wrong people?
not sure why this is a problem, just hubris? perhaps weight distribution of funds by those affected by disease?
there are 2 ways to live your life. 1 is as though nothing is a miracle. the other is as though everything is a miracle.
tamsen, brads available. even though i think your too good for him!
. moms getting down to business, making calls for , our candidate!
and they do. constantly. just look at money flow from zakat.
this is the part of the war many westerners do not yet understand. they only see violent muslims as a threat.
today is the first day of fall and the last day of mercury being in retrograde
the coolest thing about kylie is that she can talk sexy, she can talk funny, and she can talk astrophysics. amazing lady.
the rangers have used the same 3rd jersey for 6 seasons now. is there a longer active streak?
i do miss the lady liberty's, but the heritage ones are so nice it doesn't matter.
registration machines get caught pulling shenanigans? it cuts both ways. did you know technically pbo should never have been on
really. check ohio sos blackwell and his connection to voting machines from 2008.
. yup, at the end of the video...
according to the answers, i'm a genius :)
fuck off. kayli ain't gonna have time for anything other than sprinting to her flight gate
i thought you had a 45 min layover? thats more than enough time haha. i was delayed in philly two hour on my way back aha
would've to go to sleep now, it's 2am over here. have a good day!
thank you for raising this issue, i will read all.
i'm not hiring them , tell u that. u want to work , dress and look like it , don't come with baggy pants either
you're evil
fed up with the crop of recent coaching books for soccer and their poor quality. seems anyone can publish and get a buzz going now-a-days.
what have you read that disappointed? what do you recommend?
i'm tired of this being turned into a black/white issue. situation in charlotte is a perfect example. black cops kills black
we have to ask why, why aren't these cops at least fired, why are there no trials? that's the racist part, the blue wall
agreed to go to work sick becasuse my sister is sick. also, money.
are you feeling sick?!?
gonna book a trip to disney world! who wants to come?!
me!!!! and i was there in august. but have fun if you're going.
it also would be very cool to see this project/data listed in ! in case you're interested... (1/2)
... some guides for matching to oh accounts &amp; uploading data (2/2)
god's creation
yep again, you're telling me you're paying attention yet you display nothing but ignorance about evolution
the illinois primary ballot in 08 because of all the fake signatures on his paperwork? both sides do crazy shit
where can i view that? never heard of it.
the pdf we sell is a product. if you need more help to speak with a support agent please open a ticket:
not sure what an agent can do, it's just very bizarre to charge creators for pdf exports. i will look for other solutions thx
many people hate me which kills me inside genuinely. i haven't made it until im able to show the best of me to everyone.
just don't worry about anyone else. you inspire so many people, myself included, and from your positivity. don't ever--
heeeeey folks: what's the gold standard of ee-&gt;craft migration how-tos? is there one?
i don't believe there is one. too many variables to hit. i'm finding migration is almost a bespoke requirement, now.
that's why people hire us, obvs
agreed, but was the original point not in reference to agencies in the first place?
we are asking to . everyone in our nation must recognize that .
we desperately need national standards for the hiring, training &amp; accountability of police officers.
hildabama..lol
bwhahahahahaha
what about meta business tip writing tips?
writing "3 ways to improve writing blogs about improving writing" tomorrow
hmmm....this is something i will have to try. love pb, love raisins. what can go wrong?
known as ants on a log... it's a common childhood snack, unless you're aetus who despises rasins
happy birthday pretty girl miss u
thanks baby miss you more
i think it was all a necessary process. hard to say if bad or good. glad to see sg getting discussed!
but to be fair, spiceworld's inhabitants seemed happy to find an escape from the bleakness of riot grrrrlworld.
in case anyone was doubting how strong my brand is: 5 out of the 7 men i've slept with in the past year are 9/11 truthers.
true life: cant shake my addiction to conspiracy artists
tonight is the night! i can't wait for you to experience at 9|8c on abc.
can't wait. piper belongs on screen
dems walk out of house hearing intended to hold fetal tissue procurement company in contempt of congress
just like they avoid hillary's lies &amp; illegal activities. i guess we pay them to fuck us.
it was from 2015 lmao u have a twitter dedicated to hating on a religion ur not apart of. lmao that's sad
islam is what hates, i just point it out.
i'm tired of this being turned into a black/white issue. situation in charlotte is a perfect example. black cops kills black
people like you who rush to the defense of cops because of what? blacks kill blacks? blacks are prone to violence?
im half pr and black but in nyc u see every type of nationality and u learn to conversate and understand them
yes ny is good like that. maybe that's why i have a hard time seeing the other side because ny is very tolerant.
immediately i think of you
lmaoo yup that's me
can you explain for the simple minded?
weird distraction. a pres debate no one will watch because this election is about the banks.
so awesome to be reminded that someone you used to be friendly with is a white supremacist for lulz.
it's worse when it's a relative. sometimes social media tells me too much.
dude. seriously. stop &amp; look around. why do u think all of a sudden this is happening? we are being played.
that has to be literally the dumbest thing i've ever heard. why are conspiracy tools always the most stupid
many people hate me which kills me inside genuinely. i haven't made it until im able to show the best of me to everyone.
change that light that you have. you might not be where you wanna be, in whatever else, but do know that you're a true-
if you have any recos send em along! i've got a return ticket and that's about it so far
i'm relying on for a comprehensive strategy
fantastic! nothing but violence i guess...right?
and what all these riots going on bc of it isn't violence at all right? destroying your town is really worth it right?
yes please! i need to come back soon!
please come back soooon
using is great so far. except one contact who took an instant dislike to amy. he is obtuse and vague in an effort to make amy fail.
great to hear chris. the experience you describe is many times a general animosity towards assistants (human or not)
it was from 2015 lmao u have a twitter dedicated to hating on a religion ur not apart of. lmao that's sad
islam hates other religions. making you another muslim hypocrite.
halfway thru episode 3 and it's just as good as season 1
lmk when you finish season 2. it's good and there's a great interview w/ producer/writers on where it'll go 3 and 4
where are now that i need ya
dat white iverson mash up tho
collateral damage in war with
why is shilling for
best way to do it! well, if cleaning is ever getting in the way of your binge watching, we'd love to help.
what is this "cleaning" that you speak of?
coming from someone who used to work at the nigerian mission at the un?
we have signed many treaties &amp; agreement esther, at both ministerial &amp; ambassadorial levels, magnifying the pa is.....anyway
yes, well, plural you. your name is on it, too
. almost a courtesy. the depth and beauty of that work is all ehrlich.
dunkin donuts' hash browns are surprisingly bomb.
so is the grilled cheese.
i've had a bad morning. please tell me your favourite way of cheering yourself up. will also accept photos of baby animals and kids.
i do something very small/easy but fulfilling. cleaning something, like wiping down the stove or sink. also smell pretty perfumes!
my identity must remain a closely guarded secret
hmmm. intriguing. i think i know who you are. there are clues in your tweets...
join wcc's task force on : and
proud to participate in this awesome work!
thanks don :) poor is a little under the weather :(
i hope she feels better soon, but i am sure she is relieved to have a high quality designated hitter!
four more days until all is revealed
are you doing an ask lana on sunday???
working the refs: journalists push moderators to be tougher on trump
don't you believe the american citizens deserve to know their candidate actually knows the job?
bro my dad was a freedom fighter too omfg in my living room we have huge pics of sheikh mujibur rahman +sheikh hasina
i'm crying in our old house my dad used to hang up tapestries of the bangladeshi map
i didn't know they have jump races at belmont. steeplechase?
yes. about this time every year.
i'm tired of this being turned into a black/white issue. situation in charlotte is a perfect example. black cops kills black
its not that simple, there are layers here that you just don't care to admit, that's cool, i give up on this shit
ag lynch on violence in : "let us all seek a peaceful way forward."
stop hillary, obama and democrats from using the race card for power.
bullshit. absolute bullshit.
lol i know. i proved they were there and then he blocked me. he is a shia in thailand.
everlasting love photo by ...
aw thanks for the love!
. seems like they can't really play music. all they can do is make a playlist of 20 songs and walk away.
exactly, they only play artist from highway finds. not cool!
how is being rich have to do with being morally correct in knowing right from wrong ti speak up??
this is about condemnation not morality are there problems yes &amp; he did nothing to develop solutions
i showed them the way yet the fools would rather sink with the titanic me opened minded to embark on a new jeourney
remember that borough boys meeting we had years ago. before cosmos were in picture. nycfc is what we wanted
the 'about' section on your website made me follow you back. it's like we are long lost bffs from 2004 reuniting.
made for each other
that might possibly be the dumbest thing ive ever heard you clearly know nothing ab what the movement really stands for
dude your fucking retarded more black ppl kill black ppl then white ppl do
ag lynch on violence in : "let us all seek a peaceful way forward."
loretta lynch is a tool of obama and should be admonished. she is a scape goat of the white house we will ignore her no credibility
why the anemic atlantic hurricane season? air is going up in ne pacific &amp; sinking in atlantic - causing subsidence...
is this related to the cooler sst anom in the equatorial pacific being to the west (not close to s. america coast)?
two helicopters in the mission/duboce area, anyone know what's going on?
literally q&amp;a in my home timeline
it was from 2015 lmao u have a twitter dedicated to hating on a religion ur not apart of. lmao that's sad
so what? you just liked it, so i responded.
this changes everything
oh, so the final despair episode is gonna be a bts thing, wonder if part of it'll explain why the funimation delay issue happened
yeah peanut but there's no replacement for walters old crotchety ass
plus bubba j
sounds like macos sierra is a turd.
if you say so. i've been loving it for several months now.
i don't know i mean i would rather be a fan of an artist that switches it up then one that plays the same shit for 20 years
but u rlly think that big room shit was a good idea? idk man
you guys... i found an anaconda in my garage and i am not ok. nah girl
you are braver than me i would have called animal control and ran from my house
a rally up to the ma200 would be around $2.60 area. would evaluate at that point but i think it's worth much more.
thanks for your response.
hey twitter, tell me: who was your gateway daddy
bruce willis. that smirk tho
we have signed many treaties &amp; agreement esther, at both ministerial &amp; ambassadorial levels, magnifying the pa is.....anyway
but those are not the ..
i love your tweets, thank you sonia.
you are welcome =) ..make the most of this day!
depardieu: 'france populated by imbeciles making wine and stinky cheese for tourists'...
from a guy that may have had a few too many glasses of wine.
ag lynch to protesters: "we hear your voices and we feel your pain."
you are a pain in the ass, you hear voices? go to the doctor.
some bacon in this week's "bumblebites"!
oh wow john wow..such a treat there..
fuck israel
know you r an asshole but this remark really tops them !pathetic
why wouldn't they?
it fosters a superiority complex. opposite of what your god asks of you. to be inclusive.
stoptalkingatfullvolumeinthefuckinglibrary
i appreciate the dance moms gif
bus covers with &amp; fil are back after a three year hiatus. toking the tonight
holy shit this is hysterical!
many people hate me which kills me inside genuinely. i haven't made it until im able to show the best of me to everyone.
stay being the awesome person that you are, and i can promise you that your hard work will pay off, in the end.
ag lynch to protesters: "we hear your voices and we feel your pain."
so if we protest why hillary wasn't charged will she hear then too??
breaking news: instapundit is suspended from twitter... who's next..??
better not b me! i say lrn why at
cones are messy guys...can anyone get me a napkin? photo by ...
its bigger than your head lol
internationalization in angular 2 - a small write up on the current state -
thanks for the presentation on i18n in angular2 . i did a little write-up.
what's your favorite dead album?
american beauty will likely always be my favorite. after that i go through phases. mix of blues for allah / terrapin this week.
get to see my dog this weekend ho my god friday needs to hurry tf up
oh and my family too sure
tweeting from 37,000 feet, real plane hours who up
oshit wadddup
ok this little mermaid dress is absolutely adorable
omg omg omg that you for tweeting this. i'm supposed to be a mermaid and my bf a sea captain and i couldn't find plus size!!!
doing very well. he's had a few colds and has stayed out of the hospital! thank you for asking
i think i told you but my sean (26) swears he outgrew it. so hold tight.
norman yesterday: obj is a really good player. no hate whatsoever. i'm past last year lets see if that holds up when he gets burned on sun
yo if josh shuts him down will you admit it?
croatia is, like, really pretty, you guys.
i've always wanted to go. it's on the list for sure!
but it could well happen. the hate is strong in this country, and trump plays to that audience.
amazes me how brazen they've become... like all of a sudden it's just another opinion. this does not bode well for the future.
a common retort i keep getting: police kill white people too. doesn't that prove police brutality is an issue? you should want that to end
some people make no sense. more white people are killed by police than any other race. why isn't the outrage unified???
i need new beats tap in if you got any good ones
i got beats
siri is nice, pnp is nice, apple pay is nice, messages update is great, universal clipboard is excellent, auto unlock is great.
all things i won't use oh well.
a shake shack walking distance from my house opens tomorrow so see you later
i was jealous of you before for so many reasons. add this one to the list
why wouldn't they?
gonna answer my earlier question? want me to do it? hitler. he is what nationalists strive for.
great to hear chris. the experience you describe is many times a general animosity towards assistants (human or not)
i use amy for everything, so i guard against this in my handovers (when meeting up) by being super accommodating. :)
thaankss for telling me, maybe watching those videos will make me smile a bit :)
i posted all of them :)
today many crimes are committed and let go in the name of . something just ain't right.
like politics
nah lmao, u the hateful one here. and what do u even gain from it?? lmaoo white people nonsense
islam is a threat to america, i am helping turn public opinion against islam.
i've heard so many problems and roommates comp just switched to older desktop from 2014. lost files
that sucks. i've had nothing but smooth sailing; though i did make sure to backup, just in case, too.
having small boobs is worse than having a small ass
like anything less than a b cup makes you automatically childish by default
as a kid, i used to (jokingly) tell my mom not to be mean to me bc someday i'd be choosing her elder care. keep blaming millennials, boomers
off to the glue factory
in honor of one million followers, we're giving away these signed jerseys. who wants one?
i would love one!!
kicking off this tour with ! we're bringing the to san francisco, la, dc, philadelphia &amp; nyc someone ca...
pumped! what time are you going to be on? asking for a friend &gt;_&gt;
dude please school bethany heck that state polls always lag behind national by 1 to 2 weeks.
thus why she hasn't seen evidence of the uptick that national polls are clearly showing.
before the move, visiting players saw coliseum and marriott and nothing else.
brian just a hunch it may have been the fact that charlie kept milbury around even after he helped decimate nyi for 5 yrs prior
braindead under her red
all they ever spew r talking points from msm,same old shit
i'd argue that their "outrage machine" documents obvious media bias on the part of supposedly "objective" journos.
of course you would. you're sympathetic to their cause. i'd argue that they're no different than fox news. propaganda.
this is weird and makes me not want to use bumble.
people impersonate my roommate on grindr all the time, so even though this is weird, i guess it's also kind of necessary.
thank you, thank you. made my day.
tried to find an autographed copy , but book is completely sold out!
in the united states, 1,600 guns are stolen every day-and many of those end up being used in crimes...
would totally solve this problem...
i appreciate your appreciation of the dance moms gif
wanna come over to watch the how to get away with murder season premiere tonight?
has she considered cutting height?
like the great shane carwin, 300lbs before he cut those last few inches.
omg omg omg that you for tweeting this. i'm supposed to be a mermaid and my bf a sea captain and i couldn't find plus size!!!
for halloween of course. i mean i'd be fine with being a mermaid and him being a sea captain everyday tho.
dude your fucking retarded more black ppl kill black ppl then white ppl do
it's a selfish movement black ppl are using to just try and stand out more in the world nuff said
lmao this didn't answer my question but god bless
i'll let you know when it happens, god bless too miss you brotha
because it is false
but u don't even know the answer to the rhetorical question u asked earlier. what we call "willful ignorance"
great my damn iphone is stuck in korea. guess i won't be getting that tomorrow.
awe that sucks, i got mine monday
whooot! care to share details with us, josiah?
had itinerary change because of family emergency and she couldn't have been more understanding &amp; helpful making needed adjustments
my therapist was wearing a cartier bangle and lv or valentino sneakers must be nice....
"psych chic"
i can tell by the reaction to the police shootings. the anti-muslim sentiment. all of it. hate can win in november.
they'd be all about punishment and retribution for the last 8 years. pretty sure the economy would collapse rather quickly.
they're owned by hearst, and headquartered in new york city. i'll bring torches if you have pitchforks.
you guys can crash with me. hell, staying in brooklyn, the pitchforks will help you blend in.
doesn't it come out like in 2017? or something like that i don't remember
idk i've been watching so many other animes haven't even read the manga
if this is real, those men forfeit their right to live. next.
and oh how they cry racism when we shoot back. brk obma built this.
it is going to be broadcast on pbs oct. 21!
i'm so excited! so grateful that pbs exists.
if i can make one person in a swing state abstain or vote for clinton, it will all be worth it.
well then. have fun with that. love "all the great shows"! see two people can have an honest disagreement and still be civil.
like anything less than a b cup makes you automatically childish by default
i can work with a small ass.. i know mad jawns in the itty bitty committee
hi chrissy! apologies for the delay. the team will get back to you in the ticket once any update is available. thanks!
what happens when there are no updates from support and now i'm behind 2 days of being paid.
krugman: the richest americans should have a tax rate over 70%
lol. paul has "lost the plot"
"fgm work started w/ african women not outsiders telling us it's a human rights issue" acknowledge power of most-affected
this cannot be overstated! has been a powerful advocate this and a perfect panelist for todays event
coming up at 10 a.m. -- ann patchett!!! what's your question for her?
happy birthday, michael! it was a treat to hear you drop one of my favorite words. i hope you get plenty of birthday osculation!
do you think sad movies bring people together? tweet us! watch: the team discusses their favorite sad movies!
oh yes, definitely!! have a great day!!
omg really.
thinking about it if i have enough money!
track, third rail, signal replacement for sandy-flooded path btwn wtc-jc will cost $400 mil. single-tracking on 35 weekends/yr for 7-8 yrs.
this path work would likely begin after atc work underway on the line is complete. 90% of cost recoverable from federal disaster relief.
this is americas future with a hillary presidency.
this is the america bho &amp; killary created they make it worse by blaming cops &amp; white people!? what utter fools!
3 reasons so many people earning 6 figures barely have anything saved:
housing...rent is too high and as a result it's impossible to save enough to buy, and if you buy your monthly mortgage is even higher
hm in meditating on i really only could think of max
maybe...? still work shopping.
but those are not the ..
i understand dear sister, the truth is that you and could have handled that. the un...
i can tell by the reaction to the police shootings. the anti-muslim sentiment. all of it. hate can win in november.
we may end up living on fish and clams and wild foraging. kelly's become quite good at it. i have good mcgyver skills.
tweet me what songs ur excited for with going to release some clips from the studio &amp; parts of songs you havent heard
so so excited for lights on!! heard it at msg and it's already my fav!
disappointing to see black feminists defending this movie. the creators of products matter. we don't support racist filmmakers - do we?
big chance they/we do
i got to shake those actual paws honestly i will never be over it
i feel like that's a lot like shaking the hands of a world leader
do you go to school???
lol i went to school yesterday, but i went to that event in the evening. took today off as i'm still in nyc for events.
first day of school : done
it's only 10am damn
that new home sales are down because of higher prices not lack of building permits!
it's both ! the ceo of $tol himself said land shortage is holding back new projects
at the with
will try to stop by this afternoon! if i can't make it though, would love to learn more!
she don't know any better
y'all blunt. selfish. annoying but... hearts be made of gold.
bradford young, director of photography of "selma" and "arrival", will be the cinematographer of the untitled han s...
arrival is one of the movies that i'm most looking forward to. this is awesome news.
random reminder this happened
just knowing this photoshoot happened gives me life. hurry up and watch jlc movies w/me.
i teach you how to know the election has already been decided:
you know the election has been decided by looking at google trends =)
a deleted tweet from calling out anthony weiner on texting a minor.
ah, thanks. almost certainly a person intended for their personal account. i'm sorry from sva for the mistake.
i made the same perdictions but gave it the benefit of the doubt thinking nycfc was going to be chivas usa..
i remember a post you put on cosmos facebook basically calling them idiots for going down nasl road.
we appreciate the nod!
i'm addicted
bummed i missed you at aol today while i was at the dentist!
dentist hygiene first ! i think someone is setting up a hh soon so we can catch up then!
"i'd like to make her look a little more attractive, how far can you pull back?" cameraman: how do you feel about...
every president comes into office looking like a bright shiny penny, they all leave like a bag of hammered dog crap
it's an understatement to say i'm skeptical netanyahu is able&amp;willing to pursue serious talks but knesset invite is an important opportunity
how would you recommend abbas approach it?
braindead under her red
thanks again guys..usually if i tag people they go away, some hung on tho..lol..sorry!!
our readers are smart people. we don't tell them what to think; we validate what they're already thinking.
that's debatable. imo your audience marches to the beat of your drum.
when i use your scan tool (the non-us one), it takes the info, then the screen refreshes and nothing happens = broken :(
so sorry &amp; thank you for letting us know! we will look into this asap. can you dm us with more information on what you're seeing?
voters, i just can't get on board with racism yet. now if an email pops up or something with someone saying this will
even if the court reviews &amp; unwaveringly states it has "racial intent..." ??
"would just as soon" is a really weird phrase
well, it's half of a comparison, so .. yep. growing up down south, i heard "i'd as leave do (x as y)".
wow. brisbane leadership thinks they can add thousands sq of new office + sf will just handle the housing problem....
come join us! we're organizing transportation for all!
before i commence my own research, anyone in san francisco able to recommend a good downtown training venue/space for 2 days use in january?
happy to provide recommendations on which bay area spaces might be a good fit for you!
ur white ur not oppressed lmao
yea, like powell, west, rice, all the black athletes etc. just so oppressed.
hey babes
what's up boo
what's number one ?
read my last tweet
working the refs: journalists push moderators to be tougher on trump
you really need to go on show it would be epic
i wouldn't rule it out. we are collectively responsible 4 the limitations we place on each other.
i would rule out third party voters exceeding 10% of registered voters who do not vote. i will put money on it.
i would, but thursdays are dedicated to ru paul
jk i love that show too
some good, some bad, some misleading. but it's still a must-read. rare glimpse into riot's official mindset.
busted link.
as the presidential race enters the final straight, read our guides to learn more about key issues.
try reading..
let's throw a "friends are coming back from college this weekend" party
do it saturday night!!!
two years ago today, the fired gm frank wren.
wrenmania died.
i remember when i was on the stock team at vickies and i was boosting bras for the low this one girl use to buy em off me but she had a's
like wyd ma you wasting ya money covering up them mosquito bites beloved
watch: black dem lists things that will get you killed as black person
so sad but true in america 21st century'
if someone's resisting arrest and i feel the need to shot them i'll kill the mother fucker right there
but just bc there black it's all of a sudden a big deal?
that's debatable. imo your audience marches to the beat of your drum.
you provide the talking points and it spreads like a virus among hrc devotees.
i wonder if this is really all about preventing side channel attacks to uniquely identify devices by their battery
have they removed accelerometer access yet?
i think the need to get a harambe chant going in neyland on saturday
i mean, he was alive the last time they beat florida...
so was part of a who wants to be a millionaire question and we're all very proud.
! (also, the answer is "a passport," yes?)
jeez, if hilary becomes potus she is literally going to have to work on the desk her husband got fallatio on. smh. tough.
she can choose a different desk. (but yeah, that would flit into my mind from time to time.)
trump views the constitution like he views the ten commandments. more like guidelines.
we yarr screwed!
, do your dance b do your dance lol... yooo happy birthday! have a sick ass day!
thanks ham!!!! imy!!!
hm in meditating on i really only could think of max
i'm trying to think of an asian fictional character but there's not a big pool to draw from and i'm not feelin it
ever cry while eating a twinkie?
no, but i could start
so much happening tonight tweet me questions all day for the twitter q&amp;a
love you boy
"it's what's so great about this country, that there is no single, set way to contribute. all of us belong" - on the arts &amp; humanities
i don't support u and will never give u a dime of my hard earned money
i hear ya m. no worries. we got your back.
yes you guys rock...and anytime any of you need me just holla...;)
if you got beats with samples hit my email bossbell92. com asap
ii got beats
like wyd ma you wasting ya money covering up them mosquito bites beloved
but i couldn't really knock her cause she was helping my pockets
if you went/go to sobrato this is lynn fr she stayed saving me
when i broke dress code and shit she'd help me hide from soto
good thing i have a cap moon and the knowledge of astrology, i might think that pain was my own. i must figure out why life is so harsh...
mercury capricorn. keeping mind grounded when possible. the earth
i cant think of a single other profession like that. even athletes concede fault more often than journalists do.
some presidential candidates do as well. others do not.
trump should advocate for gary johnson to be included in debates. from this point on, gary will take more votes from hillary than trump.
trump should have picked gary johnson as his running mate.
the 22 fillmore looks to be affected as well by the protest at haight and fillmore.
thank you, . i wish was more responsive.
but those are not the ..
bigger picture, there's a way the multilateral systems looks view our leaders. i would have loved to sign it
i see this as projection. shareblue points out anti hrc narratives of media.
even when the narrative isn't necessarily anti hillary.
congrats to and for the nomination, and the great work on .
here's the link to the ballot.
i'm debating on driving up to seattle to get one... they have some available for pick-up.
how long is the drive?
starting vacation properly. @ doyle street cafe, saying hi to and his friend.
great running into you, my friend!
if your website is not secure, consider adding more security questions.
passwords should also be a max of 8 characters.
today, i told my 3-year-old that the police beat and kill black people and that we must avoid them whenever possible. how is your day going?
tough convo. this week 3y/o nephew said he loved police. hesitated bc 1 not mom 2 such a heavy topic. the talk will hppn tho
she practiced a lot for that. saw her orlando rally last night. the stammering, uncomfortable, robot is alive and well.
ya they got tricks &amp; but no power we're punching through media &amp; calling them out constantly
"...but for a younger, younger generation you will also become the first white president"
i know right!? profound.
i'm not sure how well this integrates, especially since i was sorted into slytherin.
my patronus is a sega saturn :(
i am a radio personality that truly enjoy playing your music on my show every chance i get
thanks sooo much! thanks for playing my music.
me after doing 1 out of the 20 things i'm supposed to do
": me after doing 1 out of the 20 things i'm supposed to do actually me
i wish that could follow me x16
he will, love
on-air: writers zara barrie and sheena sharma on sex &amp; dating watch:...
was so fun! &lt;3
i just downloaded the parent app for . teachers here are very excited to start using it. i'm like "hey, i know those guys!"
i'm like.... "looking forward to hearing some feedback!" cc:
in the pic where she has the yellow hair gaga came back to re-take it cause my camera glitched. queen of generosity...
i was a fucking mess in 2011 lmaooo those short and i was wearing toms.
a sit down with and discuss the legacy of monkey islands and upcoming
secret was the first game i ever completed (amiga 600) that would be a dream.
fond memories of at this week's !
big fun at citc ... btw i was really drinking ... it was a good cocktail
but those are not the ..
there are little political nuanced implications of things like this, thats why leaders often leave it for ministers to handle
any links, or should i google?
ah...i can look. sounds kinda like campaign speculation....
house panel recommends holding former clinton it aide in contempt via the app
one honest congressman
1997 was a banner year in italian winemaking, and today's eletter has a delicious brunello riserva that embodies its beauty.
franciacorta is italy's answer to champagne, and today's eletter has a beautiful 2001 cuve from ca' del bosco--in magnum!
i will: fight poverty and inequality in africa
nice pic of true tj campaigner
happy first day of fall everyone. what causes the autumnal equinox you ask?
the bigger question for me is- why is this not the equinox for me- 12hrs/8mins of sunlight. where is it really the e. at 10am?
the q30 bus driver created a stop for me to get closer to work because he recognized me. legendary
iconic scam
show cancelled. contract not renewed
crap that sucks, replacement is boring and dull
everyone must watch 's new show!!!
really??? wow, congrats and best of luck!!!!
and saying white ppl nonsense made u sooo oppressed
i never said i was oppressed. keep running from the verses i posted. no one will ever notice.
if you live 30 minutes from town, you don't live in pittsburgh. stop it.
lmao reminds me of people around here saying they live in oakland when they live 30 mins away from it
yiiiiikes. 35 weekends per year for 7-8 years.
the only time i bought tix, path was down that weekend. would've been 20 minute ride. 1/2
my fave show is when some guy goes to restroom &amp; walter waits for him to come back then spends next 10 mins on him
jeff dunham hysterical all his shows fantastic
so, the bomb scare was just a rice cooker someone left on the street......
that's good news.
annnabel ... what
i'm speaking the truthhh didi
that's great! i'm planning to go back in october to finish this work: :)
looks awesome! this is a video project about coal in west virginia from my alma mater -
you can dream jule but no shit could ever compare to khlo $$
yeahhh you right you right, but hey, a girl can dream right???
brad pitt...child abuser? is any man decent?
you're the only one
accident on ca-17 northbound north of idylwild rd (los gatos). right shoulder blocked. expect delays.
glad i discovered this acct!
what percentage of paid or unpaid staffers at are minorities?
a.j. that was the most powerful response wham bam-
...and then workingman's dead. those two will always be my 1 and 2. i play terrapin the most though.
yeah, workingman's the second best album for sure. still, i usually just look for a nicely taped show with a decent set list.
that guys a boost was the quiz easy
ya pretty easy but read the readings he assigned carefully
the bigger question for me is- why is this not the equinox for me- 12hrs/8mins of sunlight. where is it really the e. at 10am?
i haye running out of characters!
i'm missing all the fun because i'm working in the lawn
it's a perfect day for that..besides most of them are gone now. so it's all good ;)
i think i'm gonna drop the class anyway so i'll probably never see her again anyway
btw...both you and korey need to stop catting on me i swear i don't deserve this treatment
trump would increase debt by $5.3 trillion over 10 years, think tank report concludes
hillary would increase it over 100 trillion
your welcome,&amp; i love you too! i'm not ready for snow just yet! want to enjoy every second of fall first!
i'm praying no snow for when he has to sand &amp; paint that house in dec. then let it snow! but he has young helpers that are good
through dc was vandalized 5 years later when dr. king was killed. u street was destroyed, over 6,000 people were...
...were arrested. $25 million in damage caused by 1000+ fires. the army's 3rd infantry regiment had to be called in.
"wells fargo isn't the only one": other bank workers describe intense sales tactics
in a trump's presidency he'll do away with regulations &amp; the agency behind this take down ~ more reasons not to vote trump!
oh, wow! welcome! how are you enjoying your visit so far?
we have been enjoying as much of new england's coast line as we can handle. thanks to the food, scenery and locals.
i knew feet was the goat when he said "mothafuckas like cavaties, cuz a nigga be too fake" word play on tooth ache for all you slow mf.
that's supposed to say ferg not feet fuck my life
i never thought i would read "death of birth" in a resume ever again, but it just happened. (s/death/date/)
my best one was: "delivered project for golf war".
but those are not the ..
the consequences of multinational corporations activities that has negatively impacted our environment was never negotiated
i'm trash so can you take me out?
i love this lmfao
tore my whole car apart looking for my earring &amp; i found a different earring. now i'm upset cuz i have half of two different pairs
update: the other earring i didn't lose broke
the only time i bought tix, path was down that weekend. would've been 20 minute ride. 1/2
instead took zipcar, massive jam holland tunnel, took 90 mins &amp; missed 1st half. never again 2/2.
he's been gone for a couple of days, she wasn't aware for almost a full day. please send love and encouragement. this is hard.
oh no, that's awful. wishing you both the best.
was 's the best one yet?
while good, jason's long and short form "hit em with the hein" will always be the gold standards.
investors need to be looking at these issues. this election isn't "business as usual"
last time we had tariffs, smooth-hawley things didn't go that well: ww depression!
is dropping these thirst bucket gifs of sung kang on my tl and i've suddenly lost all concentration.
i send my wife sung kang gifs when she's mad at me. never fails to soothe!
how can you ever claim objectivity ... especially you oreilly this is why...
o'reilly officially dncmedia. sycophant. no moral compass
. says the equal rights amendment is "outdated"-so he thinks women have enough rights!!
kidding right!
swear after seeing i wanna marry the joker like he's just soo fine
i thought it was only me he just and i'm finna text or call u when i get out we gotta catch up sis
i am sure that dud is mighty silent... i am sure now he wants rb to buy the name 4 harrison. so much 4 independent and proud lmao
also so much for wanting a nyc team.. as was stated original goal of most cosmos fans.
last night i played a great show with amazing artists, was reunited with sweetheart after two weeks, and was violently ill at 3 am
after the baby this tweet will be posted in reverse order. ;)
reasons for dating people from twitter: can check your mentions during date, you already know they think your bad jokes are funny
what if they are faking their likes?
mercury is out of retrograde because the was completely unaffected by this event (at least my train. that's all that matters tbh)
i missed the shuttle and the next one was so packed that i took the 6 instead
i would call your gov. then your state reps.
t..this is right up your alley..you're great at this!!
i'm friends with 13 different ashleys and 2 more ashleighs on facebook. and i know at least a few more.
i remember this girl named ashleigh wanted us to pronounce her name ash-uh-lay
yum!! this looks so good -- does this picture do it any justice?
more than ever, actually. trying to find the balance between deliciousness &amp; wellness. is inspiring me!
us and uk, 2012, epub and mobi, all say twelve. do the earlier refs to twelve years in chapter 19 also differ?
no it was a publishing mistake in the first us editions they went back and fixed. the other lines...i have questions
i was literally about to tweet this. but in a less vague way. get out of my brain.
literally ten different things today.
it's satire, not slapstick. she was delightfully dead-pan, both presidential and relaxed. could you do as well w/ pneumonia?
nice! a hillbot troll, always there when you desperately need one.
how many chances do i have to convince him to buy a ps4? the bets are open.
offer to help pay for it, parents love that (and that way you can say "dad i helped pay for it it's mine too")
was it a completed catch?
it had to be he was down
enough of the shameless partisanship, senators. and fill the supreme court vacancy.
they r doing their job by not filling and let president trump pick the next supreme court justice. he's for america unlike u
q1. how will better workplace practices impact the lives and economic status of women? ...
and protect low-income women without set schedules who often live paycheck to paycheck
as someone who's only just starting to seriously follow khl due to time zones, this is fantastic.
thanks! it'll be cleaner soon i want to make the trends but obviously must wait for a few weeks
thanks! looks like facebook sign up isnt working?
should be all good to go now. using the fbook login
trump campaign chair in ohio says there was 'no racism' before obama's presidency.
lol, uh yea right!! crazy lady!
pics or it didn't happen
i thought about pics but i figured it might be too much for people in the morning!
a+ they're all animated
yes i know my brand well
i'm done with this shit
jk is bullying us at this point
some of peanut's greatest hits gregg
awesome thanks for sharing
george soros: "i am a god, i created everything"
what a joke this criminal is gonna laugh when we get him
don't ever speak against oprah to me. seriously. every person has to have a line, and that's the one i choose. don't hurt yourself.
when we were dating, the first fight my husband and i ever had was about oprah, and whether or not she is "every woman."
the trouble with !
hey rob - we're really sorry to see this. we'd like to reach out to you directly to resolve. would you dm us your email?
absolutely! thanks for putting out quality typographic resources. when and where can i buy the shirt?
friday morning, 9am edt! we're tweeting a link to buy
bet eagles all day
you mean giants all day!
whatchu recommend! i need something strong ??
try medium roast. come to my work and i'll plug you!
breaking: police chief says video of charlotte police shooting of black man does not definitively show the man pointing a gun.
open carry state. if he is not brandishing weapon, no legal grounds for shooting him.
freedom of speech is a beautiful thing guys
homie needs a major crash course in history.
goebbels wasn't the gay one, dumbass. rhm was, and they'd murdered him by then
*marv albert voice*: "from waaaaay downtown!"
. will lift restrictions on american energy and allow the wealth to pour into our communities.
along with a shit load of oil covered birds.
george soros: "i am a god, i created everything"
god's already in process of dealing with him &amp; his insanity which is going no where
so refinery29 just superimposed an ad for colgate "optic white" toothpaste over an article about keith lamont scott's death.
all ads must die. grrrr
dude i don't wanna waste more time with u sad mf get a life
why are you a muslim? do you want the arabs to enslave you?
is it true ..free kitty adoptions this weekend?
yes! all animals will be free to adopt tomorrow and saturday.
exactly 3 weeks til colorado
where are you going ?!
1990s canada -- a "liberal" gov't free to pursue austerity because right is divided &amp; gov't doesn't need left -- might be our future
where in the clinton or broader democratic agenda do you see austerity? i see $1.7 trillion in new spending.
donald trump is really good at spending other people's money-on: legal settlements. payoffs. portraits of himself.
so why has trump not been charged? why is he above the law?
trump tells lester holt: don't fact-check debates
a fool &amp; liar!! b'ouch!!
i wouldn't mind hearing your opinion on it tca
: had to keep mine pg. my son is next 2 me.
how do you suppose the are feeling about dealing a 1st and a 4th for sam bradford, only to lose adrian peterson by week 3? yikes.
and khalil the left tackle. pressures of a new stadium and a missed playoff field goal. not as easy as it looks to be a gm
then i get a text from bae saying "i think i got completion"
competition??
what a ridiculous thing to do she makes a fool out herself daily and that fat guy is so not funny
not kind not smart &amp; no sense of humor. hard 2 accomplish.
love this!! great concert at st. joseph's
love david on his stage!!
ah wtf we're getting j.cole instead of the weeknd at the meadows? smfh
once again caught that l. basically have no reason to go to day 1
that's why you always should choose
it was down the street from my work it was my only option. got played :(.
is it yo fault?
you know the answer to that!
depardieu: 'france populated by imbeciles making wine and stinky cheese for tourists'...
yeah, that's their real problem.
bad movie audition...
when i saw that this morning i thought she was kidding..lmfaooo
up to what, before the vaccines you mean? polio went before the vaccines. got replaced with vac afp.
